Emerging functions and significance of circCDYL in human disorders; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a group of non-coding transcripts in which a loop structure is shaped via a back splicing procedure. They have central roles in the regulation of gene expression. hsa_circ_0008285, alternatively named as circCDYL, is a circular RNA originated from the exon 4 of CDYL gene. It is produced by a back-splice incident and is mainly located in the cytoplasm. It has no internal ribosome entry site, open reading frame and intronic sequences. CircCDYL dysregulation has been reported in the malignant conditions including multiple myeloma, mantle cell lymphoma, breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer, Wilms tumor, bladder cancer, colon cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma. It also has an emerging role in the pathophysiology of non-malignant conditions including myocardial infarction, gestational diabetes mellitus, membranous nephropathy, and abdominal aortic aneurysm. In the current study, we summarize the emerging roles of circCDYL in malignant and non-malignant conditions.
Changes in the shape and function of the fetal heart of pre- and gestational diabetes mothers; Background: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy can affect fetal heart in many ways, including causing cardiac malformation, leading to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction. Echocardiographic evaluation can assist identify alterations in heart structure, morphology and function, enabling prompt monitoring and management. However, according to earlier research, the cardiac alterations are modest in hyperglycemic mothers’ fetuses, and might not be detectable using conventional methods and it is also unclear whether these changes are related to the metabolism of mothers. Fetal Heart Quantification (Fetal HQ) can assess ventricular geometry and function more sensitively and thoroughly, and identify sub-clinical cardiac dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate fetal heart by Fetal HQ in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers who either had pre-gestational or gestational diabetes and to correlate them with maternal metabolic indices. Methods: The fetuses of 25 gestational age-matched control mothers, 48 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 11 women with diabetes mellitus (DM) were included in the prospective case-control research. Using fetal echocardiography and speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), the heart of the fetus was evaluated. Differences in the groups’ anthropometric, metabolic, and cardiac parameters were examined. It was assessed whether maternal features, prenatal glucose, lipids, and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) correlated with fetal cardiac parameters. Results: The LV EDV and ESV were significantly higher in the GDM group as compared to the DM group (p < 0.05). The GSI% was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control (p < 0.05). The LV SV and CO of the GDM group were both significantly higher compared with the DM group (p < 0.05). There was a significant decrease in RV FS for segments 1–7 in GDM fetuses compared to the control (p < 0.05) and for segments 5–10 compared to DM (p < 0.05). Fetal cardiac morphology and function indices correlate with maternal pregestational weight, BMI, early pregnancy fast glucose, lipids, and glycemic control levels. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes have altered heart morphology and function that is linked to maternal metabolic parameters, which presents a special indication for performing geometry and function cardiac assessment. Fetal HQ can be employed to evaluate the fetal cardiac shape and function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes: a cohort study; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask or exacerbate a woman’s underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). We estimated associations of maternal and paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with lifelong risk of APOs. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their male partners (negative controls). Methods: We studied up to 83,969‬ women (and up to 55,568‬ male partners) from the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trøndelag Health Study with genotyping data and lifetime history of any APO in their pregnancies (1967–2019) in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 × 10−8, not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. Results: One standard deviation higher GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05–1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05–1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01–1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96–1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98–1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners’ GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for other APOs were close to the null. There was weak evidence of an association of paternal genetically predicted liability for CHD with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.99–1.05), but not with other APOs. Conclusions: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age, and stillbirth may unmask women with a genetically predicted propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth in female partners needs further exploration.
Association between pregnancy-related complications and development of type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women: an umbrella review; Background: Despite many systematic reviews and meta-analyses examining the associations of pregnancy complications with risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension, previous umbrella reviews have only examined a single pregnancy complication. Here we have synthesised evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses on the associations of a wide range of pregnancy-related complications with risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Methods: Medline, Embase and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews were searched from inception until 26 September 2022 for systematic reviews and meta-analysis examining the association between pregnancy complications and risk of T2DM and hypertension. Screening of articles, data extraction and quality appraisal (AMSTAR2) were conducted independently by two reviewers using Covidence software. Data were extracted for studies that examined the risk of T2DM and hypertension in pregnant women with the pregnancy complication compared to pregnant women without the pregnancy complication. Summary estimates of each review were presented using tables, forest plots and narrative synthesis and reported following Preferred Reporting Items for Overviews of Reviews (PRIOR) guidelines. Results: Ten systematic reviews were included. Two pregnancy complications were identified. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): One review showed GDM was associated with a 10-fold higher risk of T2DM at least 1 year after pregnancy (relative risk (RR) 9.51 (95% confidence interval (CI) 7.14 to 12.67) and although the association differed by ethnicity (white: RR 16.28 (95% CI 15.01 to 17.66), non-white: RR 10.38 (95% CI 4.61 to 23.39), mixed: RR 8.31 (95% CI 5.44 to 12.69)), the between subgroups difference were not statistically significant at 5% significance level. Another review showed GDM was associated with higher mean blood pressure at least 3 months postpartum (mean difference in systolic blood pressure: 2.57 (95% CI 1.74 to 3.40) mmHg and mean difference in diastolic blood pressure: 1.89 (95% CI 1.32 to 2.46) mmHg). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP): Three reviews showed women with a history of HDP were 3 to 6 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks after pregnancy compared to women without HDP (meta-analysis with largest number of studies: odds ratio (OR) 4.33 (3.51 to 5.33)) and one review reported a higher rate of T2DM after HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 2.24 (1.95 to 2.58)) at least a year after pregnancy. One of the three reviews and five other reviews reported women with a history of preeclampsia were 3 to 7 times more likely to develop hypertension at least 6 weeks postpartum (meta-analysis with the largest number of studies: OR 3.90 (3.16 to 4.82) with one of these reviews reporting the association was greatest in women from Asia (Asia: OR 7.54 (95% CI 2.49 to 22.81), Europe: OR 2.19 (95% CI 0.30 to 16.02), North and South America: OR 3.32 (95% CI 1.26 to 8.74)). Conclusions: GDM and HDP are associated with a greater risk of developing T2DM and hypertension. Common confounders adjusted for across the included studies in the reviews were maternal age, body mass index (BMI), socioeconomic status, smoking status, pre-pregnancy and current BMI, parity, family history of T2DM or cardiovascular disease, ethnicity, and time of delivery. Further research is needed to evaluate the value of embedding these pregnancy complications as part of assessment for future risk of T2DM and chronic hypertension.
Assessment of vitamin status; A, E and D in Egyptian neonates with IUGR: a cross sectional study; Background: Neonates with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) may present with fatal complications and permanent serious consequences. Vitamin status may influence fetal development. In this study we assessed vitamin A, E and D concentrations in umbilical cord blood in newborns with IUGR. Methods: Maternal data were obtained. Neonatal assessment included; age of gestation calculated from last menstrual period, Ultrasound (U/S), new Ballard, Apgar scores and anthropometric measurements including; Head circumference, length and weight. WHO growth percentile curves were used. Vitamin A, E and D in cord blood samples were measured by high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and ELISA consecutively. Results: A total of 86 full term newborns were enrolled in this study, 42 (48.8%) with IUGR with gestational age (33.59 ± 1.20) week by U/S and 44 (51.2%) appropriate for gestational age neonates with gestational age (38.70 ± 1.50). Ballard and Apgar scores (p < 0.05) and Z scores for weight, length and head circumference (p < 0.001) at birth were significantly lower in neonates with Intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) than appropriate for gestational age (AGA) neonates. The levels of Vitamin A, E and D were significantly lower in the IUGR group than the AGA (p < 0.05) for all. Significant positive correlations of weight with vitamin A, and E cord blood levels were found (p < 0.05), while length was significantly positively correlated only with vitamin A (p < 0.05). Head circumference showed significant positive correlations with the three vitamins (p < 0.05) for all. Conclusion: Neonates with IUGR had significantly lower levels of Vitamin A, E and D than AGA neonates. Significant positive correlations of weight with vitamin A, and E cord blood levels was detected, while neonatal length was associated only with vitamin A level. The present study highlights the significance of nutritional policies for inhibiting deficiency of these vitamins during pregnancy and childhood.
Prevalence and determinants of gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women in India: an analysis of National Family Health Survey Data; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes with its first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is a high-risk maternal and neonatal condition which increases the risk of Type 2 diabetes in mothers and their infants. It is essential to detect and treat GDM since its inception when mothers suffer from Type 1 diabetes while carrying the foetus during the gestational period. Methods: The study analysed individual data from the National Family Health Survey (NFHS) surveyed in 2015–2016 (4th round) and 2019–2021 (5th round) covering a total of approximately 6 lakhs and 7 lakhs women, respectively. Among them, 32,072 women in 2015–2016 and 28,187 in 2019–2021 were pregnant, of whom 180 women in 2014–2015 and 247 women in 2019–2021 had diabetes during their gestational periods, allowing the percentage prevalence calculation of GDM. The analysis of Poisson regression estimates examined the socioeconomic and demographic risk factors for GDM among pregnant women. Results: The overall prevalence of GDM in women showed an increase from 0.53% in 2015–16 to 0.80% in 2019–20 at the national level, and a similar increase in many states of India was witnessed, with a few exceptions. The GDM prevalence has shown a gradient over age, with a low prevalence in 15–19- and 25–29-year-olds and the highest prevalence in 40–44-year-olds. Concerning the rural and urban divide, its prevalence in both urban and rural areas has increased from 0.61 to 0.85% and 0.51 to 0.78% between 2015 and 16 and 2019–21. The results of the Poisson regression analysis reveal that older adults with high Body Mass Index (BMI), thyroid disorder, and heart disease have a greater risk of GDM among pregnant women in India. The states of Kerala, Meghalaya, and Goa show a high prevalence of GDM. Conclusion: The low prevalence of GDM may not be clinically significant but has negative repercussions on the mother and her child cannot be overlooked. Thus, it is essential to curb GDM since its inception and save a generation ahead from the risk of diabetes and other diseases.
Factors influencing necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is a multifactorial gastrointestinal disease with high morbidity and mortality among premature infants. However, studies with large samples on the factors of NEC in China have not been reported. This meta-analysis aims to systematically review the literature to explore the influencing factors of necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants in China and provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), China Biomedical Literature Database (CBM), Wanfang and VIP databases were systematically searched from inception to February 2023. We used Stata14.0 software to perform the systematic review and meta-analysis. We used fixed or random effects models with combined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), and quality was evaluated using the Newcastle‒Ottawa Scale (NOS). Results: The total sample was 8616 cases, including 2456 cases in the intervention group and 6160 cases in the control group. It was found that 16 risk factors and 3 protective factors were related to necrotizing enterocolitis in premature infants. Septicemia (OR = 3.91), blood transfusion (OR = 2.41), neonatal asphyxia (OR = 2.46), pneumonia (OR = 6.17), infection (OR = 5.99), congenital heart disease (OR = 4.80), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) (OR = 2.71), mechanical ventilation (OR = 1.44), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 3.08), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (OR = 3.28), hypoalbuminemia (OR = 2.80), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (OR = 3.10), respiratory failure (OR = 7.51), severe anemia (OR = 2.86), history of antibiotic use (OR = 2.12), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) (OR = 3.14) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants in China. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.31), oral probiotics (OR = 0.36), and prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.38) were protective factors for NEC in preterm infants. Conclusions: Septicemia, blood transfusion, neonatal asphyxia, pneumonia, infection, congenital heart disease, ICP, GDM, RDS, hypoproteinemia, PDA, respiratory failure, severe anemia, history of antibiotic use and MSAF will increase the risk of NEC in premature infants, whereas breastfeeding, oral probiotics and prenatal use of glucocorticoids reduce the risk. Due to the quantity and quality of the included literature, the above findings need to be further validated by more high-quality studies.
New Insights on NLRP3 Inflammasome: Mechanisms of Activation, Inhibition, and Epigenetic Regulation; Abstract: Inflammasomes are important modulators of inflammation. Dysregulation of inflammasomes can enhance vulnerability to conditions such as neurodegenerative diseases, autoinflammatory diseases, and metabolic disorders. Among various inflammasomes, Nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain leucine-rich repeat and pyrin domain-containing protein 3 (NLRP3) is the best-characterized inflammasome related to inflammatory and neurodegenerative diseases. NLRP3 is an intracellular sensor that recognizes pathogen-associated molecular patterns and damage-associated patterns resulting in the assembly and activation of NLRP3 inflammasome. The NLRP3 inflammasome includes sensor NLRP3, adaptor apoptosis-associated speck-like protein (ASC), and effector cysteine protease procaspase-1 that plays an imperative role in caspase-1 stimulation which further initiates a secondary inflammatory response. Regulation of NLRP3 inflammasome ameliorates NLRP3-mediated diseases. Much effort has been invested in studying the activation, and exploration of specific inhibitors and epigenetic mechanisms controlling NLRP3 inflammasome. This review gives an overview of the established NLRP3 inflammasome assembly, its brief molecular mechanistic activations as well as a current update on specific and non-specific NLRP3 inhibitors that could be used in NLRP3-mediated diseases. We also focused on the recently discovered epigenetic mechanisms mediated by DNA methylation, histone alterations, and microRNAs in regulating the activation and expression of NLRP3 inflammasome, which has resulted in a novel method of gaining insight into the mechanisms that modulate NLRP3 inflammasome activity and introducing potential therapeutic strategies for CNS disorders. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.).
Perinatal outcomes and sinopharm BBIBP-CorV vaccination during pregnancy; Background: After the outbreak of COVID-19, a huge part of the health care services was dedicated to preventing and treating this disease. In case of COVID-19 infection, severe COVID-19 is reported more in pregnant individuals. Afterward, Vaccination against SARS-CoV-2 became a hot topic due to known effects in preventing severe COVID-19 during pregnancy. Vaccination of pregnant individuals started in August 2021 with the Sinopharm vaccine in Iran. The aim of current study was to determine the incidence of perinatal outcomes in women who were vaccinated during pregnancy. Method: This retrospective cohort study included 129,488 singleton births from March 21, 2021, until March 21, 2022, in Tehran, Iran. The data was obtained from the Iranian Maternal and Neonatal (IMaN) Network and the Maternal Vaccination Registry. Adverse perinatal outcomes investigated in this study include preterm birth, extremely preterm birth, low birth weight, very low birth weight, intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, congenital anomaly, neonatal death and low 5-minute Apgar score. The risk of all perinatal outcomes was evaluated using multiple logistic regression. The analysis was done using STATA version 14. Results: Of all 129,488 singleton births included in this study, 17,485 (13.5%) were vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2 (all with Sinopharm (BBIBP-CorV)). The exposure to the Sinopharm vaccine during pregnancy caused a significant decrease in the incidence of preterm birth (P =0.006, OR=0.91 [95% CI, 0.85 to 0.97]), extremely preterm birth (P =<0.001,OR=0.55 [95% CI, 0.45 to 0.66]), and stillbirth (P =<0.001, OR=0.60 [95% CI, 0.47 to 0.76]). Exposure to vaccination during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (P =0.01, OR=1.27 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.55]) Maternal vaccination during pregnancy was not associated with an increased risk of other adverse perinatal outcomes included in this study. Conclusion: The finding of this population-based study indicated no adverse pregnancy outcome due to vaccination with the Sinopharm vaccine during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy. Overall risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes were lower in the vaccinated individuals compared to the unvaccinated group. Also, vaccination during the first trimester was associated with an increased risk of preterm birth.
Epicardial fat thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers attending the neonatal intensive care unit at Fayoum University Hospital: a case control study; Background: Using conventional echocardiography, this study aimed to evaluate the epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and its role in discriminating infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) from those of non-diabetic mothers (INDMs) and to assess its prognostic role in IDMs. This case control study was conducted at the Neonatology and Cardiology Units of Pediatric Department, Fayoum University Hospital, Egypt, between February and September 2023. A total of 54 neonates were enrolled into three groups: 18 IDMs with well-controlled diabetes mellitus (DM), 18 IDMs with poorly controlled DM, and 18 INDMs. Results: The sensitivity, specificity, and cutoff of EFT were 100%, 100%, and 3.950 mm for detecting cases of IDMs and were 66.7%, 72.2%, and 5.100 mm for differentiating controlled from uncontrolled diabetic mothers, respectively. The interventricular septum in diastole (IVSd), interventricular septum in systole (IVSs), estimated pulmonary artery pressure (PAP), left ventricle (LV) Tei index, and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) of LV all showed a positive correlation with EFT (r = 0.35, 0.31, 0.41, 0.34, and 0.39; P = 0.009, 0.025, 0.002, 0.01, and 0.003; respectively). There was a significant negative correlation between EFT and left ventricular internal dimensions in diastole (LVIDd) and left ventricular internal dimensions in systole (LVIDs) (r = − 0.44 and 0.42, P = 0.001 and 0.001). Regarding tissue Doppler, there was a significantly higher Tei index in group I cases compared to control (0.59 ± 0.10 vs. 0.49 ± 0.09, P < 0.001). Conclusions: The EFT is higher in IDMs than in INDMs, with a positive correlation with birth weight, IVSd, IVSs, Tei index of mitral, IVRT, and ESPAP and a negative correlation with LVIDd and LVIDs. Neonatal EFT can be used as one of the helpful parameters to detect IDMs. Also, it may be used as one of the prognostic factors in IDMs as it is positively correlated with the diastolic function of the LV.
Placental pathology and neonatal morbidity: exploring the impact of gestational age at birth; Aim: To evaluate placental pathology in term and post-term births, investigate differences in clinical characteristics, and assess the risk of adverse neonatal outcome. Methods: This prospective observational study included 315 singleton births with gestational age (GA) > 36 weeks + 6 days meeting the local criteria for referral to placental histopathologic examination. We applied the Amsterdam criteria to classify the placentas. Births were categorized according to GA; early-term (37 weeks + 0 days to 38 weeks + 6 days), term (39 weeks + 0 days to 40 weeks + 6 days), late-term (41 weeks + 0 days to 41 weeks + 6 days), and post-term births (≥ 42 weeks + 0 days). The groups were compared regarding placental pathology findings and clinical characteristics. Adverse neonatal outcomes were defined as 5-minute Apgar score < 7, umbilical cord artery pH < 7.0, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit or intrauterine death. A composite adverse outcome included one or more adverse outcomes. The associations between placental pathology, adverse neonatal outcomes, maternal and pregnancy characteristics were evaluated by logistic regression analysis. Results: Late-term and post-term births exhibited significantly higher rates of histologic chorioamnionitis (HCA), fetal inflammatory response, clinical chorioamnionitis (CCA) and transfer to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) compared to early-term and term births. HCA and maternal smoking in pregnancy were associated with adverse outcomes in an adjusted analysis. Nulliparity, CCA, emergency section and increasing GA were all significantly associated with HCA. Conclusions: HCA was more prevalent in late and post-term births and was the only factor, along with maternal smoking, that was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. Since nulliparity, CCA and GA beyond term are associated with HCA, this should alert the clinician and elicit continuous intrapartum monitoring for timely intervention.
Postpartum weight retention and the early evolution of cardiovascular risk over the first 5 years after pregnancy; Background: The cumulative effect of postpartum weight retention from each pregnancy in a woman’s life may contribute to her risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, there is limited direct evidence supporting this hypothesis. Thus, we sought to characterize the impact of postpartum weight retention on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors over the first 5-years after pregnancy. Methods: In this prospective observational cohort study, 330 women (mean age 35.7 ± 4.3 years, mean pre-pregnancy body mass index 25.2 ± 4.8 kg/m2, 50.9% primiparous) underwent serial cardiometabolic characterization (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, oral glucose tolerance test, insulin sensitivity/resistance (Matsuda index, HOMA-IR), C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin) at 1-year, 3-years, and 5-years postpartum. Based on the magnitude of weight change between pre-pregnancy and 5-years postpartum, they were stratified into the following 3 groups: weight loss (n = 100), weight gain 0–6% (n = 110), and weight gain ≥ 6% (n = 120). Results: At 1-year postpartum, cardiovascular risk factors did not differ between the groups. However, an adverse risk factor profile progressively emerged in the weight retention groups at 3- and 5-years. Indeed, after covariate adjustment, there was stepwise worsening (from the weight loss group to weight gain 0–6% to weight gain ≥ 6% group) of the following cardiovascular risk factors at 5-years: triglycerides (p = 0.001), HDL (p = 0.02), LDL (p = 0.01), apolipoprotein-B (p = 0.003), Matsuda index (p < 0.0001), HOMA-IR (p < 0.0001), fasting glucose (p = 0.07), and CRP (p = 0.01). Moreover, on logistic regression analyses, weight gain ≥ 6% emerged as an independent predictor of pre-diabetes/diabetes at 5-years (adjusted OR = 3.40, 95%CI: 1.63–7.09). Conclusion: Postpartum weight retention predicts trajectories of worsening cardiovascular risk factors and glucose intolerance over the first 5-years after delivery, consistent with its postulated contribution to future vascular disease in women.
Impacts of β-1, 3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferases (B3GNTs) in human diseases; Glycosylation modification of proteins is a common post-translational modification that exists in various organisms and has rich biological functions. It is usually catalyzed by multiple glycosyltransferases located in the Golgi apparatus. β-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferases (B3GNTs) are members of the glycosyltransferases and have been found to be involved in the occurrence and development of a variety of diseases including autoimmunity diseases, cancers, neurodevelopment, musculoskeletal system, and metabolic diseases. The functions of B3GNTs represent the glycosylation of proteins is a crucial and frequently life-threatening step in progression of most diseases. In this review, we give an overview about the roles of B3GNTs in tumor, nervous system, musculoskeletal and metabolic diseases, describing the recent results about B3GNTs, in order to provide a research direction and exploration value for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of these diseases.
Glucose control during pregnancy in patients with type 1 diabetes correlates with fetal hemodynamics: a prospective longitudinal study; Background: Maternal diabetes adversely affects fetal cardiovascular system development. Previous studies have reported that the fetuses of mothers with diabetes exhibit both structural and functional changes; nevertheless, prior studies have not examined the association between glucose control and fetal cardiac morphology and performance. Thus, the objective was to determine the association between fetal cardiac morphology and function and maternal glucose control in type 1 diabetes and to compare the differences in measured cardiac parameters between the fetuses of mothers with diabetes and healthy controls. Methods: In this prospective, longitudinal case-control study — including 62 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus and 30 healthy pregnant women — fetal cardiac assessment using B-mode, M-mode, and spectral pulsed-wave Doppler was performed in the second and third trimesters. In women with T1DM, glycated hemoglobin and data obtained from glucose sensors — including the percentage of time in, below, and above the range (TIR, TBR, and TAR, respectively), and coefficient of variation (CV) — were analyzed across three time periods: the last menstrual period to 13 (V1), 14–22 (V2), and 23–32 weeks (V3) of gestation. Fetal cardiac indices were compared between groups, and the correlation between glucose control and fetal cardiac indices was assessed. Results: At 28–32 weeks, the fetuses of women with T1DM exhibited increased left ventricular end-diastolic length, relative interventricular septum thickness, right ventricular cardiac output, and pulmonary valve peak systolic velocity compared with healthy controls. At 18–22 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left and right ventricular stroke volumes, and left cardiac output inversely correlated with the CV and glycated hemoglobin levels at V1 and V2. Furthermore, at 28–32 weeks, pulmonary and aortic valve diameters, left ventricular stroke volume, cardiac output, and right/left atrioventricular valve ratio inversely correlated with the TBR at V1, V2, and V3. Moreover, diastolic functional parameters correlated with the TAR and glycated hemoglobin levels, particularly after the first trimester. Conclusion: In women with T1DM, maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy correlates with fetal diastolic function, whereas glucose variability and hypoglycemia inversely correlate with fetal left ventricular systolic function in the second and third trimesters.
Analysis of risk factors of preeclampsia in pregnant women with chronic hypertension and its impact on pregnancy outcomes; Objective: To investigate the risk factors and maternal and fetal outcomes of preeclampsia after pregnancy in patients with primary chronic hypertension. Methods: A total of 500 singleton pregnant women with a history of hypertension who were admitted for delivery at our Hospital from March 2015 to May 2022 were retrospectively collected by random sampling and divided into the non-occurrence group (n = 200) and the occurrence group (n = 300) according to whether they were complicated by preeclampsia. Afterward, the general data and the pregnancy-related data of patients were collected for comparison. Results: The univariate analysis showed significant differences between the non-occurrence group and the occurrence group in terms of the proportion of preeclampsia history (4.00% VS 24.67%, χ2 = 37.383, P < 0.001), duration of hypertension > 3 years (18.00% VS 31.67%, χ2 = 11.592, P < 0.001), systemic therapy (20.50% VS 10.00%, χ2 = 10.859, P < 0.001), gestational age at admission [37.72 (34.10, 38.71) VS 35.01 (31.91, 37.42) weeks, Z = -9.825, P < 0.001]. Meanwhile, the multivariate analysis showed that a history of preeclampsia (OR = 6.796, 95% CI: 3.575 ∼ 10.134, χ2 = 8.234, P < 0.001), duration of hypertension > 3 years (OR = 3.456, 95% CI: 2.157 ∼ 5.161, χ2 = 9.348, P < 0.001), and a lack of systemic antihypertensive treatment (OR = 8.983, 95% CI: 7.735 ∼ 9.933, χ2 = 9.123, P < 0.001) were risk factors for chronic hypertension complicated by preeclampsia during pregnancy. Conclusion: A history of preeclampsia, a longer duration of hypertension, and a lack of systematic antihypertensive treatment are risk factors for chronic hypertension complicated by preeclampsia during pregnancy. The occurrence of preeclampsia in pregnant women with chronic hypertension increases the incidence of maternal HELLP syndrome and fetal distress.
The current clinical landscape of neonatal respiratory failure in Jiangsu Province of China: patient demographics, NICU treatment interventions, and patient outcomes; Introduction: Neonatal respiratory failure (NRF) is a serious condition that often has high mortality and morbidity, effective interventions can be delivered in the future by identifying the risk factors associated with morbidity and mortality. However, recent advances in respiratory support have improved neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) care in China. We aimed to provide an updated review of the clinical profile and outcomes of NRF in the Jiangsu province. Methods: Infants treated for NRF in the NICUs of 28 hospitals between March 2019 and March 2022 were retrospectively reviewed. Data collected included baseline perinatal and neonatal parameters, NICU admission- and treatment-related data, and patient outcomes in terms of mortality, major morbidity, and survival without major morbidities. Results: A total of 5548 infants with NRF were included in the study. The most common primary respiratory disorder was respiratory distress syndrome (78.5%). NRF was managed with non-invasive and invasive respiratory support in 59.8% and 14.5% of patients, respectively. The application rate of surfactant therapy was 38.5%, while that of neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation therapy was 0.2%. Mortality and major morbidity rates of 8.5% and 23.2% were observed, respectively. Congenital anomalies, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, invasive respiratory support only and inhaled nitric oxide therapy were found to be significantly associated with the risk of death. Among surviving infants born at < 32 weeks of gestation or with a birth weight < 1500 g, caffeine therapy and repeat mechanical ventilation were demonstrated to significantly associate with increased major morbidity risk. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates the current clinical landscape of infants with NRF treated in the NICU, and, by proxy, highlights the ongoing advancements in the field of perinatal and neonatal intensive care in China.
Vitamin D and reproductive disorders: a comprehensive review with a focus on endometriosis; Vitamin D is a fat-soluble steroid hormone that was initially known only for regulating calcium and phosphorus levels and maintaining bone health. However, it was later discovered that many organs express vitamin D metabolizing enzymes and have a ligand for vitamin D, which regulates the expression of an extensive assortment of genes. As a result, vitamin D is indispensable for the proper function of organs, and its deficiency is believed to be a critical factor in symptoms and disorders such as cardiovascular diseases, autoimmune diseases, and cancers. The significance of vitamin D in reproductive tissues was recognized later, and studies have revealed its crucial role in male and female fertility, as well as proper reproductive function during pregnancy. Vitamin D deficiency has been identified as a risk factor for infertility, gonadal cancers, pregnancy complications, polycystic ovary syndrome, and endometriosis. However, data investigating the association between vitamin D levels and reproductive disorders, including endometriosis, have encountered inconsistencies. Therefore, the present study aims to review existing research on the effect of vitamin D on proper reproductive function, and the role of deficiency in reproductive diseases and specifically focuses on endometriosis.
A first trimester prediction model and nomogram for gestational diabetes mellitus based on maternal clinical risk factors in a resource-poor setting; Background: The implementation of universal screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is challenged by several factors key amongst which is limited resources, hence the continued reliance on risk factor-based screening. Effective identification of high-risk women early in pregnancy may enable preventive intervention. This study aimed at developing a GDM prediction model based on maternal clinical risk factors that are easily assessable in the first trimester of pregnancy in a population of Nigerian women. Methods: This was a multi-hospital prospective observational cohort study of 253 consecutively selected pregnant women from which maternal clinical data was collected at 8–12 weeks gestational age. Diagnosis of GDM was made via a one-step 75-gram Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) at 24–28 weeks of gestation. A GDM prediction model and nomogram based on selected maternal clinical risk factors was developed using multiple logistic regression analysis, and its performance was assessed by Receiver Operator Curve (ROC) analysis. Data analysis was carried out using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 25 and Python programming language (version 3.0). Results: Increasing maternal age, higher body mass index (BMI), a family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relative and previous history of foetal macrosomia were the major predictors of GDM. The model equation was: LogitP = 6.358 − 0.066 × Age − 0.075 × First trimester BMI − 1.879 × First-degree relative with diabetes mellitus − 0.522 × History of foetal macrosomia. It had an area under the receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) of 0.814 (95% CI: 0.751–0.877; p-value < 0.001), and at a predicted probability threshold of 0.745, it had a sensitivity of 79.2% and specificity of 74.5%. Conclusion: This first trimester prediction model reliably identifies women at high risk for GDM development in the first trimester, and the nomogram enhances its practical applicability, contributing to improved clinical outcomes in the study population.
The association between attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes—an evaluation of a population database; Background: Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is one of the more common neuropsychiatric disorders in women of reproductive age. Our objective was to compare perinatal outcomes between women with an ADHD diagnosis and those without. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) United States database. The study included all women who either delivered or experienced maternal death from 2004 to 2014. Perinatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of ADHD and those without. Results: Overall, 9,096,788 women met the inclusion criteria. Amongst them, 10,031 women had a diagnosis of ADHD. Women with ADHD, compared to those without, were more likely to be younger than 25 years of age; white; to smoke tobacco during pregnancy; to use illicit drugs; and to suffer from chronic hypertension, thyroid disorders, and obesity (p < 0.001 for all). Women in the ADHD group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (aOR 1.36, 95% CI 1.28–1.45, p < 0.001), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.19, 95% CI 1.13–1.25, p < 0.001), chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.34, 95% CI 1.17–1.52, p < 0.001), and maternal infection (aOR 1.33, 95% CI 1.19–1.5, p < 0.001). Regarding neonatal outcomes, patients with ADHD, compared to those without, had a higher rate of small-for-gestational-age neonate (SGA) (aOR 1.3, 95% CI 1.17–1.43, p < 0.001), and congenital anomalies (aOR 2.77, 95% CI 2.36–3.26, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with a diagnosis of ADHD had a higher incidence of a myriad of maternal and neonatal complications, including cesarean delivery, HDP, and SGA neonates.
No role of the third-trimester inflammatory factors in the association of gestational diabetes mellitus with postpartum cardiometabolic indicators; Background: The influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on postpartum cardiometabolic indicators is primarily restricted to glucose and lipid metabolism, however the indicators for liver and kidney function have been rarely explored, and the role of the third-trimester inflammatory factors in these associations has never been investigated. Methods: Based on the Ma’anshan birth cohort (MABC), women with or without GDM history were selected and invited to participate in a 6-year postpartum follow-up. The fasting blood samples were collected to measure 16 comprehensive metabolic indicators during a 6-year postpartum follow-up: fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), uric acid (UA), blood urea nitrogen (BUN), serum creatinine (SCR), etc. Seven inflammatory factors, including TNF-α, IFN-γ, IL-1β, IL-6, IL-10, IL-12p70, and IL-17 A, were measured with serum samples collected during the third trimester of pregnancy. Linear regression models were used to analyze the associations between GDM and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators, GDM and third-trimester inflammatory factors, and the third-trimester inflammatory factors and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators. Mediating and moderating effect analyses were further performed to explore if the third-trimester inflammatory factors mediate or modify the association between GDM and postpartum cardiometabolic indicators. Results: From July 2021 to August 2022, 307 participants have been followed up, with 99 women with a prior GDM history. Compared with those without GDM, individuals with a prior history of GDM had significantly elevated levels of FPG (β = 0.40, 95% CI: 0.18 to 0.62, PFDR < 0.001), HbA1c (β = 0.22, 95% CI: 0.09 to 0.34, PFDR = 0.009), TyG (β = 0.22, 95% CI: 0.07 to 0.37, PFDR = 0.024) at 6 years postpartum, and the association between GDM and SCR (β = 2.43, 95% CI: 0.02 to 4.85, PFDR = 0.144) reached nominal significance level. GDM history was associated with a decreased level of third-trimester IL-17 A (β = -0.58, 95% CI: -0.99 to -0.18, PFDR = 0.035). No significant association between third-trimester inflammatory factors and 6-year postpartum metabolic indicators was observed. And no mediating or moderating effect of third-trimester inflammatory factors was observed in those associations. Conclusion: A prior history of GDM was significantly associated with elevated FPG, HbA1c, and TyG in women at 6 years postpartum, whereas third-trimester inflammatory factors had no role in mediating or moderating these associations.
Association between being large for gestational age and cardiovascular metabolic health in children conceived from assisted reproductive technology: a prospective cohort study; Background: To the best of our knowledge, no study has investigated the potential joint effect of large for gestational age (LGA) and assisted reproductive technology (ART) on the long-term health of children. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study that recruited children whose parents had received ART treatment in the Center for Reproductive Medicine, Shandong Provincial Hospital, affiliated to Shandong University, between January 2006 and December 2017. Linear mixed model was used to compare the main outcomes. The mediation model was used to evaluate the intermediary effect of body mass index (BMI). Results: 4138 (29.5%) children born LGA and 9910 (70.5%) children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA) were included in the present study. The offspring ranged from 0.4 to 9.9 years. LGAs conceived through ART were shown to have higher BMI, blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, fasting insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance values, even after controlling for all covariates. The odds of overweight and insulin resistance are also higher in LGA subjects. After adjusting for all covariates, LGAs conceived through ART had BMI and BMI z-scores that were 0.48 kg/m2 and 0.34 units greater than those of AGAs, respectively. The effect of LGA on BMI was identified as early as infancy and remained consistently significant throughout pre-puberty. Conclusions: Compared to AGA, LGA children conceived from ART were associated with increased cardiovascular-metabolic events, which appeared as early as infancy and with no recovery by pre-puberty.
A rare case of pheochromocytoma in a pregnant woman presenting with chest pain: extraordinary management; Background: Pheochromocytoma is rare in pregnant women. It presents as diverse symptoms, including hypertension and sweating. The symptoms of pregnant women with pheochromocytoma and comorbid hypertension often mimic the clinical manifestations of preeclampsia, and these women are often misdiagnosed with preeclampsia. Case presentation: In this case, a pregnant woman presented with chest pain as the primary symptom, and a diagnosis of pheochromocytoma was considered after ruling out myocardial ischemia and aortic dissection with the relevant diagnostic tools. This patient then underwent successful surgical resection using a nontraditional management approach, which resulted in a positive clinical outcome. Conclusions: It is essential to consider pheochromocytoma as a potential cause of chest pain and myocardial infarction-like electrocardiographic changes in pregnant women, even if they do not have a history of hypertension.
Pregnancy related complications in women with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: a nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: The impact of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) on cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes in pregnant women remains unclear, particularly in Asian populations. This study aimed to evaluate the maternal cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes in Korean women with HCM. Methods: Using data from the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, we identified women who gave birth via cesarean section or vaginal delivery after being diagnosed with HCM between 2006 and 2019. Maternal cardiovascular and obstetrical outcomes were assessed based on the trimester of pregnancy. Results: This study included 122 women and 158 pregnancies. No maternal deaths were noted; however, 21 cardiovascular events, such as hospital admission for cardiac problems, including heart failure and atrial fibrillation (AF), new-onset AF or ventricular tachycardia (VT) occurred in 14 pregnancies (8.8%). Cardiac events occurred throughout pregnancy with a higher occurrence in the third trimester. Cesarean sections were performed in 49.3% of the cases, and all cardiovascular outcomes occurring after delivery were observed in patients who had undergone cesarean sections. Seven cases involved preterm delivery, and two of these cases were accompanied by cardiac events, specifically AF. Pre-existing arrhythmia (AF: odds ratio (OR): 7.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 2.61–21.21, P < 0.001; VT: OR: 31.61, 95% CI: 5.85–172.77, P < 0.001) was identified as a predictor for composite outcomes of cardiovascular events or preterm delivery. Conclusions: Most pregnant women with HCM were well-tolerated. However, cardiovascular complications could occur in some patients. Therefore, planned delivery may be necessary for selected patients, especially the women with pre-existing arrhythmias.
Characteristics and outcome of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury in a teaching hospital in a low-resource setting: a five-year retrospective review; Background: Pregnancy-related kidney injury contributes to a high burden of acute kidney injury in low-resource settings and causes maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Few studies have examined the impact of acute kidney injury in resource-limited countries, with very limited research on pregnancy-specific disorders in Ethiopia. This study aimed to determine the characteristics of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury, outcomes and associated factors. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted to evaluate the clinical profile and maternal-fetal outcome of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury at Ayder Comprehensive Specialized Hospital in Tigray, Ethiopia, from January 1, 2017, to December 31, 2021. Maternal and fetal outcomes were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to determine the association between the dependent and independent variables. Results: Of 27,350 mothers who delivered at Ayder Comprehensive Specialized Hospital between January 1, 2017, and December 31, 2021, a total of 187 women developed pregnancy-related acute kidney injury, a prevalence rate of 68 per 100,000 births. Preeclampsia, sepsis and pre-renal causes due to dehydration and hemorrhage were the most common causes of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury in this study. Hemodialysis was needed in 8.6% (n = 16) of patients. Of the 187 pregnancy-related acute kidney injuries, 143 (76.5%) recovered completely and 30 (16%) partially. The mortality rate was 7.5%. Preexisting chronic kidney disease (AOR = 30.13; 95% CI: 2.92, 310.84), use of vasoactive agents (AOR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.47, 22.67), increase in creatinine per unit (AOR = 1.65; 95% CI: 1.11, 2.45) and complications related to acute kidney injury (AOR = 5.26; 95% CI: 1.73, 16.00) were determinants of the composite endpoints (partial renal recovery and death). Conclusions: This study emphasizes acute kidney injury in resource-limited settings is a significant cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. The vast majority of patients with pregnancy-related acute kidney injury recovered completely from kidney injury. The main causes of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury were preeclampsia, sepsis and pre-renal associated with hemorrhage and dehydration. Preexisting renal disease, use of vasopressors, increase in creatinine per unit and complications associated with acute kidney injury were determining factors for concomitant fetomaternal mortality. Appropriate preventive strategies during prenatal care and prompt treatment are needed for pregnancy-related acute kidney injury.
Recurrent hyponatremia in neonate: a case of renal salt wasting syndrome; Background: Renal salt wasting (RSW) is primarily seen with central nervous disorders and is characterized by hyponatremia, elevated urinary sodium excretion, increased urine output, and hypovolemia. Although there have been reports of RSW in children, it has not been reported in newborns. Case presentation: A term (38 weeks 2 days) female weighing 2060 g, born via normal vaginal delivery, to a primi-gravida mother, was admitted to our neonatal intensive care unit. At birth, the baby was non-vigorous, had aspirated meconium, and required bag-and-mask ventilation following which the baby cried. The child was put on CPAP and inotropes for respiratory distress and shock, respectively, along with first-line antibiotics. Over the next few days, the child was weaned off CPAP, inotropes were stopped, and feeds were started. On postnatal day (PND) 8, the baby developed repeated episodes of seizures requiring two-antiepileptics followed by midazolam infusion, had shock requiring inotropes, and also had a tense anterior fontanelle with altered sensorium and tone changes, for which mannitol and 3% saline were given. Antibiotics were upgraded, and neuroimaging (MRI) revealed left basal-ganglia bleed with intraventricular extension and cerebral venous thrombosis. The baby showed gradual clinical improvement with the above measures and was restarted on feeds. However, from PND-19 onwards the baby had repeated episodes of hyponatremia requiring 3% saline infusions, progressive weight loss, and polyuria. Considering RSW, urine sodium was done which was high (110 mmol/L). For polyuria and weight loss, feed volume was increased, whereas, for hyponatremia, table salt was added to the expressed breast milk (1 gm × tds). Subsequently, all the serum sodium values remained within normal limits, and the baby started gaining weight and was discharged on similar advice (PND 38). On further follow-up, table salt was gradually decreased in the feeds and was stopped after 1 month of discharge with normal serum sodium values. Conclusion: Management of recurrent hyponatremia in a neonate is challenging. Despite its rarity, RSW in newborns should be considered a differential.
Effect of cervical Bishop score on induction of labor at term in primiparas using Foley catheter balloon: a retrospective study; Background: Previous studies had found that the mechanical methods were as effective as pharmacological methods in achieving vaginal delivery. However, whether balloon catheter induction is suitable for women with severe cervical immaturity and whether it will increase the related risks still need to be further explored. Research aim: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of Foley catheter balloon for labor induction at term in primiparas with different cervical scores. Methods: A total of 688 primiparas who received cervical ripening with a Foley catheter balloon were recruited in this study. They were divided into 2 groups: Group 1 (Bishop score ≤ 3) and Group 2 (3 < Bishop score < 7). Detailed medical data before and after using of balloon were faithfully recorded. Results: The cervical Bishop scores of the two groups after catheter placement were all significantly higher than those before (Group 1: 5.49 ± 1.31 VS 2.83 ± 0.39, P<0.05; Group 2: 6.09 ± 1.00 VS 4.45 ± 0.59, P<0.05). The success rate of labor induction in group 2 was higher than that in group 1 (P<0.05). The incidence of intrauterine infection in Group 1 was higher than that in Group 2 (18.3% VS 11.3%, P<0.05). Conclusion: The success rates of induction of labor by Foley catheter balloon were different in primiparas with different cervical conditions, the failure rate of induction of labor and the incidence of intrauterine infection were higher in primiparas with severe cervical immaturity.
Relationship between increased maternal serum free human chorionic gonadotropin levels in the second trimester and adverse pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study; Background: A retrospective cohort study was conducted to collect the data of pregnant women who received hospital delivery in Hangzhou Women's Hospital from January 2018 to December 2020, and who participated in the second trimester (15–20+6 weeks) of free beta human chorionic gonadotropin (free β-hCG). And the study was conducted to explore the relationship between maternal serum free β-hCG and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 1,978 women in the elevated maternal serum free β-hCG group (free β-hCG ≥ 2.50 multiples of the median, MoM) and 20,767 women in the normal group (0.25 MoM ≤ free β-hCG < 2.50 MoM) from a total of 22,745 singleton pregnancies, and modified Poisson regression analysis was used to calculate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of the two groups. Results: The gravidity and parity in the elevated free β-hCG group were lower, and the differences between the groups were statistically significant (all, P < 0.05). The risks of polyhydramnios, preeclampsia, and hyperlipidemia, were increased in women with elevated free β-hCG levels (RRs: 1.996, 95% CI: 1.322–3.014; 1.469, 95% CI: 1.130–1.911 and 1.257, 95% CI: 1.029–1.535, respectively, all P < 0.05), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and female infants were also likely to happen (RRs = 1.641, 95% CI: 1.103–2.443 and 1.101, 95% CI: 1.011–1.198, both P < 0.05). Additionally, there was an association between elevated AFP and free β-hCG levels in second-trimester (RR = 1.211, 95% CI: 1.121–1.307, P < 0.001). Conclusions: APOs, such as polyhydramnios, preeclampsia, and hyperlipidemia, were increased risks of elevated free β-hCG levels, IUGR and female infants were also likely to happen. Furthermore, there was an association between elevated AFP levels and elevated free β-hCG levels in second-trimester. We recommend prenatal monitoring according to the elevated maternal serum free β-hCG level and the occurrence of APO.
Consistent cord blood DNA methylation signatures of gestational age between South Asian and white European cohorts; Background: Epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation (DNAm) in cord blood, are an important biological marker of how external exposures during gestation can influence the in-utero environment and subsequent offspring development. Despite the recognized importance of DNAm during gestation, comparative studies to determine the consistency of these epigenetic signals across different ethnic groups are largely absent. To address this gap, we first performed epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of gestational age (GA) using newborn cord blood DNAm comparatively in a white European (n = 342) and a South Asian (n = 490) birth cohort living in Canada. Then, we capitalized on established cord blood epigenetic GA clocks to examine the associations between maternal exposures, offspring characteristics and epigenetic GA, as well as GA acceleration, defined as the residual difference between epigenetic and chronological GA at birth. Results: Individual EWASs confirmed 1,211 and 1,543 differentially methylated CpGs previously reported to be associated with GA, in white European and South Asian cohorts, respectively, with a similar distribution of effects. We confirmed that Bohlin’s cord blood GA clock was robustly correlated with GA in white Europeans (r = 0.71; p = 6.0 × 10–54) and South Asians (r = 0.66; p = 6.9 × 10–64). In both cohorts, Bohlin’s clock was positively associated with newborn weight and length and negatively associated with parity, newborn female sex, and gestational diabetes. Exclusive to South Asians, the GA clock was positively associated with the newborn ponderal index, while pre-pregnancy weight and gestational weight gain were strongly predictive of increased epigenetic GA in white Europeans. Important predictors of GA acceleration included gestational diabetes mellitus, newborn sex, and parity in both cohorts. Conclusions: These results demonstrate the consistent DNAm signatures of GA and the utility of Bohlin’s GA clock across the two populations. Although the overall pattern of DNAm is similar, its connections with the mother's environment and the baby's anthropometrics can differ between the two groups. Further research is needed to understand these unique relationships.
Global, regional, and national burden and trends of migraine among women of childbearing age from 1990 to 2021: insights from the Global Burden of Disease Study 2021; Background: Migraine, a neurological disorder with a significant female predilection, is the leading cause of disability-adjusted life years (DALYs) in women of childbearing age (WCBA). There is currently a lack of comprehensive literature analysis on the overall global burden and changing trends of migraines in WCBA. Methods: This study extracted three main indicators, including prevalence, incidence, and DALYs, related to migraine in WCBA from the Global Burden of Disease(GBD) database from 1990 to 2021. Our study presented point estimates with 95% uncertainty intervals (UIs). It evaluated the changing trends in the burden of migraine in WCBA using the estimated annual percentage change (EAPC) and percentage change. Results: In 2021, the global prevalence, incidence, and DALYs cases of migraine among WCBA were 493.94 million, 33.33 million, and 18.25 million, respectively, with percentage changes of 48%, 43%, and 47% compared to 1990. Over the past 32 years, global prevalence rates and DALYs rates globally have increased, with an EAPC of 0.03 (95% UI: 0.02 to 0.05) and 0.04 (95% UI: 0.03 to 0.05), while incidence rates have decreased with an EAPC of -0.07 (95% UI: -0.08 to -0.05). Among the 5 Socio-Demographic Index (SDI) regions, in 2021, the middle SDI region recorded the highest cases of prevalence, incidence, and DALYs of migraine among WCBA, estimated at 157.1 million, 10.56 million, and 5.81 million, respectively, approximately one-third of the global total. In terms of age, in 2021, the global incidence cases for the age group 15–19 years were 5942.5 thousand, with an incidence rate per 100,000 population of 1957.02, the highest among all age groups. The total number of migraine cases and incidence rate among WCBA show an increasing trend with age, particularly in the 45–49 age group. Conclusions: Overall, the burden of migraine among WCBA has significantly increased globally over the past 32 years, particularly within the middle SDI and the 45–49 age group. Research findings emphasize the importance of customized interventions aimed at addressing the issue of migraines in WCBA, thus contributing to the attainment of Sustainable Development Goal 3 set by the World Health Organization.
Right ventricular function indices and platelet parameters for early prediction value of bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a retrospective study; Background: To examine the value of early echocardiographic indices for the right ventricular function combined with platelet(PLT) parameters for predicting bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants. Methods: This retrospective study included infants with gestational age (GA) below 32 weeks, who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit(NICU). The detection rate of tricuspid regurgitation jet velocity (TRVJ), ventricular septal flattening, pulmonary artery widening, right ventricular dilation, and right atrial enlargement on the 7th day of life (DOL 7) were compared between BPD and non-BPD infants. Echocardiographic indices of the right ventricular function including tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and right ventricular index of myocardial performance (RIMP) were measured on 1 day of life (DOL 1)on DOL 7 and on 14 day of life (DOL 14) respectively. The PLT parameters including the PLT count, mean platelet volume (MPV), platelet hematocrit (PCT) level, and platelet distribution width (PDW) were measured on the DOL 1,DOL 7, and DOL 14. Multivariate logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between these parameters and BPD. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis was performed to assess the predictive value of the right ventricular function indices and PLT parameters for BPD. Results: A total of 220 preterm infants were included in this study, and of these, 85 infants developed BPD among them. The RIMP of the BPD group on DOL 14 was higher than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The TAPSE of the BPD group on DOL 14 was lower than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The PLT count of the BPD group on DOL 1 was lower than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05), and the MPV of the BPD group on DOL 1 was higher than that of the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Using multivariate logistic regression, GAinvasive mechanical ventilation duration ≥ 7 days PLT MPV TAPSE and RIMP were found to be independent risk factors for BPD. The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.846 (95CI: 0.794∼0.899), which improved when using right ventricular function indices combined with platelet parameters. Conclusion: TAPSE and RIMP combined with PLT count and MPV can help identify preterm infants at an increased risk of developing BPD.
Is It Diabetes or Just Macrosomia? Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Large-for-Gestational Age Fetuses; Our aim in this study was to investigate whether there is an association between large-for-gestational age (LGA) fetuses and myocardial performance index (MPI). This is a cross-sectional study conducted from July 2022 to July 2023. Prospectively gathered data from 65 LGA cases and 65 age and gestational-age (GA)-matched controls were analyzed. Presence of polyhydramnios and diabetes were recorded in the study group. Fetal left ventricular mod-MPI, peak systolic velocity (PSV) of E and A waves, umbilical and middle cerebral artery (MCA) pulsatility indexes (PI) were sonographically measured. Association between these sonographic measures and LGA fetuses were sought. The LGA group had 33 diabetic cases (22 GDM and 11 PGDM). The LGA group had greater mod-MPI (0.51 vs. 0.45, p = 0.0048). The LGA group also had prolonged isovolumetric contraction time (ICT), compared to controls (37 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.008). ICT was longer in LGA fetuses with non-diabetic mothers (38 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.009). LGA fetuses with polyhydramnios but without diabetic mothers had also longer ICT (39 ms vs. 33 ms, p = 0.002). Mod-MPI was similar in controls and LGA without diabetes/LGA with polyhydramnios but without diabetes subgroups. Our results indicate that fetal mod-MPI values are higher in LGA fetuses and ICT is prolonged among LGA fetuses irrespective of presence of maternal diabetes.
A holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and common mental disorders in Asian women with a history of gestational diabetes: a randomised control trial with 3-year follow-up protocol; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are 12-fold more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) 4–6 years after delivery than women without GDM. Similarly, GDM is associated with the development of common mental disorders (CMDs) (e.g. anxiety and depression). Evidence shows that holistic lifestyle interventions focusing on physical activity (PA), dietary intake, sleep, and mental well-being strategies can prevent T2D and CMDs. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of a holistic lifestyle mobile health intervention (mHealth) with post-GDM women in preventing T2D and CMDs in a community setting in Singapore. Methods: The study consists of a 1-year randomised controlled trial (RCT) with a 3-year follow-up period. Post-GDM women with no current diabetes diagnosis and not planning to become pregnant will be eligible for the study. In addition, participants will complete mental well-being questionnaires (e.g. depression, anxiety, sleep) and their child’s socio-emotional and cognitive development. The participants will be randomised to either Group 1 (Intervention) or Group 2 (comparison). The intervention group will receive the “LVL UP App”, a smartphone-based, conversational agent-delivered holistic lifestyle intervention focused on three pillars: Move More (PA), Eat Well (Diet), and Stress Less (mental wellbeing). The intervention consists of health literacy and psychoeducational coaching sessions, daily “Life Hacks” (healthy activity suggestions), slow-paced breathing exercises, a step tracker (including brisk steps), a low-burden food diary, and a journaling tool. Women from both groups will be provided with an Oura ring for tracking physical activity, sleep, and heart rate variability (a proxy for stress), and the “HAPPY App”, a mHealth app which provides health promotion information about PA, diet, sleep, and mental wellbeing, as well as display body mass index, blood pressure, and results from the oral glucose tolerance tests. Short-term aggregate effects will be assessed at 26/27 weeks (midpoint) and a 1-year visit, followed by a 2, 3, and 4-year follow-up period. Discussion: High rates of progression of T2D and CMDs in women with post-GDM suggest an urgent need to promote a healthy lifestyle, including diet, PA, sleep, and mental well-being. Preventive interventions through a holistic, healthy lifestyle may be the solution, considering the inextricable relationship between physical and psychological health. We expect that holistic lifestyle mHealth may effectively support behavioural changes among women with a history of GDM to prevent T2D and CMDs. Trial status: The protocol study was approved by the National Healthcare Group in Singapore, Domain Specific Review Board (DSRB) [2023/00178]; June 2023. Recruitment began on October 18, 2023. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05949957. The first submission date is June 08, 2023.
Mid-upper arm circumference predicts the risk of gestational diabetes in early pregnancy; Background: The present work aimed to assess the value of mid-upper arm circumference (MUAC) at 8 to 12 weeks in predicting the occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: According to eligibility criteria, 328 women with singleton pregnancies who underwent routine antenatal check-ups at Qinhuangdao Maternal and Child Health Hospital from September 2017 to September 2020 were included. The patients were divided into the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM groups according to oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) data from gestation weeks 24 to 28. Clinical data were compared between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis was performed to determine factors independently predicting GDM. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was employed to analyze the value of MUAC in predicting the occurrence of GDM. The optimal cut-off points were calculated. Results: In logistic regression analysis, pre-pregnancy weight, waist circumference, MUAC, UA, TG, and HDL-C independently predicted the occurrence of GDM (P < 0.05). MUAC retained statistical significance upon adjustment for various confounders (OR = 8.851, 95%CI: 3.907–20.048; P < 0.001). ROC curve analysis revealed good diagnostic potential for MUAC in GDM (AUC = 0.742, 95%CI: 0.684–0.800, P < 0.001), with a cut-off of 28.5 cm, sensitivity and specificity were 61% and 77%, respectively. Conclusion: Pregnant women with MUAC >28.5 cm are prone to develop GDM during pregnancy, indicating that MUAC as an important predictive factor of GDM in early pregnancy.
Association between atherogenic index of plasma and gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study based on the Korean population; Background: Atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) is a non-traditional lipid parameter that can reflect the burden of atherosclerosis. A lipid profile resembling atherosclerosis emerged during pregnancy. Although lipid metabolism is pivotal in diabetes pathogenesis, there is no evidence linking AIP to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, our objective was to explore the relationship between AIP and GDM and assess AIP's predictive capability for GDM. Methods: This was a secondary analysis based on data from a prospective cohort study in Korea involving 585 single pregnant women. AIP was calculated as log10 (TG/HDL). We examined the relationship between AIP and GDM using logistic regression models, curve fitting, sensitivity analyses, and subgroup analyses. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was also used to determine the ability of AIP to predict GDM. Results: The average age of the participants was 32.06 ± 3.76 years. The AIP was 0.24 ± 0.20 on average. The GDM incidence was 6.15%. After adjustment for potentially confounding variables, AIP showed a positive linear relationship with GDM (P for non-linearity: 0.801, OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.27–1.97). The robustness of the connection between AIP and GDM was demonstrated by sensitivity analyses and subgroup analyses. An area under the ROC curve of 0.7879 (95% CI 0.7087–0.8671) indicates that AIP is an excellent predictor of GDM. With a specificity of 75.41% and sensitivity of 72.22%, the ideal AIP cut-off value for identifying GDM was 0.3557. Conclusions: This study revealed that the AIP at 10–14 weeks of gestation was independently and positively correlated with GDM risk. AIP could serve as an early screening and monitoring tool for pregnant women at high risk of GDM, thereby optimizing GDM prevention strategies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov registration no. NCT02276144. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.)
Association between pre-gravid body mass index and clinical outcomes in in vitro fertilization: a multicentered retrospective cohort study; Background: With the increasing incidence of obesity and the childbearing-age delay among women, a debate over obesity’s impacts on pregnancy and neonatal outcomes becomes hot. The potential negative effects of obesity and aging on fertility lead to an idea, whether an obese female pursuing IVF treatment can benefit from an ideal BMI achieved over a long-time weight loss process at the cost of aging? We aimed to assess the association between body mass index (BMI) and clinical or neonatal outcomes in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) treatment, for answering whether it is necessary to lose weight first for obese patients, particularly those at advanced age. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was performed using multicentered data from China. The women were stratified into 5 groups in terms of pre-gravid BMI (kg/m2) with the WHO obesity standard (group 1: BMI < 18.5; group 2: 18.5 ≤ BMI < 23.0; group 3: 23.0 ≤ BMI < 25.0; group 4: 25.0 ≤ BMI < 30.0; group 5: BMI ≥ 30.0). The primary outcome was cumulative live birth rate (CLBR), and other clinical and neonatal outcomes were weighed as secondary outcomes. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were carried to evaluate the association between BMI and the CLBR, or between BMI and some neonatal outcomes. Furthermore, we implemented a machine-learning algorithm to predict the CLBR based on age and BMI. Results: A total of 115,287 women who underwent first IVF cycles with autologous oocytes from January 2013 to December 2017 were included in our study. The difference in the CLBR among the five groups was statistically significant (P < 0.001). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that BMI had no significant impact on the CLBR, while women’s age associated with the CLBR negatively. Further, the calculation of the CLBR in different age stratifications among the five groups revealed that the CLBR lowered with age increasing, quantitatively, it decreased by approximately 2% for each one-year increment after 35 years old, while little difference observed in the CLBR corresponding to the five groups at the same age stratification. The machine-learning algorithm derived model showed that BMI’s effect on the CLBR in each age stratification was negligible, but age’s impact on the CLBR was overwhelming. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that BMI did not affect preterm birth, low birth weight infant, small for gestational age (SGA) and large for gestational age (LGA), while BMI was an independent risk factor for fetal macrosomia, which was positively associated with BMI. Conclusions: Maternal pre-gravid BMI had no association with the CLBR and neonatal outcomes, except for fetal macrosomia. While the CLBR was lowered with age increasing. For the IVF-pursuing women with obesity plus advanced age, rather than losing weight first, the sooner the treatment starts, the better. A multicentered prospective study with a large size of samples is needed to confirm this conclusion in the future.
Congenital anomalies in pregnancies with overt and pregestational type 2 diabetes: a gray portrayal from a cohort in Brazil; Objective: To describe the frequency and types of congenital anomalies and associated risk factors in Brazilian women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study between 2005 and 2021, we included all pregnant participants with type 2 diabetes from the two major public hospitals in southern Brazil. We collected data from the electronic hospital records. Congenital anomalies were classified by the 10th revised International Classification of Diseases, Q chapter, enhanced by the EUROCAT registry classification, and categorized by type and gravity. We used multiple Poisson regression with robust estimates to estimate risks. Results: Among 648 participants, we excluded 19, and 62 were lost to follow-up; therefore, we included 567 participants. Overt diabetes arose in 191 participants (33.7%, 95% CI 30.0% – 38.0%). Less than 20% of the participants supplemented folate. Congenital anomalies occurred in 78 neonates (13.8%, CI 11.0 − 16.9%), 73 babies (93.6%) presented major anomalies, and 20 (10.5%) cases occurred in participants with overt diabetes. Cardiac anomalies were the most frequent (43 isolated and 12 combined). Pre-eclampsia was associated with an increased risk in the analyses including all women (adjusted RR 1.87 (95% CI 1.23–2.85), p = 0.003), but not in analyses including only women with an HbA1c measured up to the 14th gestational age. HbA1c, either measured at any time in pregnancy (adjusted RR 1.21 (95% CI 1.10–1.33), p < 0.001) or up to the first 14 weeks (adjusted RR 1.22, 95% CI 1.10–1.35, p < 0.001) was the only sustained risk factor. Risk factors such as maternal age, obesity, diabetes diagnosis, or use of antidiabetic medications were not associated with congenital anomalies. Conclusion: We found a high frequency of congenital anomalies associated with poor maternal glycemic control and revealed an almost universal lack of preconception care. An urgent call to action is mandatory for the reversal of this gray scenario.
Gene therapy by virus-like self-spooling toroidal DNA condensates for revascularization of hindlimb ischemia; Peripheral arterial diseases (PAD) have been reported to be the leading cause for limb amputations, and the current therapeutic strategies including antiplatelet medication or intervene surgery are reported to not clinically benefit the patients with high-grade PAD. To this respect, revascularization based on angiogenetic vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene therapy was attempted for the potential treatment of critical PAD. Aiming for transcellular delivery of VEGF-encoding plasmid DNA (pDNA), we proposed to elaborate intriguing virus-like DNA condensates, wherein the supercoiled rigid micrometer-scaled plasmid DNA (pDNA) could be regulated in an orderly fashion into well-defined nano-toroids by following a self-spooling process with the aid of cationic block copolymer poly(ethylene glycol)-polylysine at an extraordinary ionic strength (NaCl: 600 mM). Moreover, reversible disulfide crosslinking was proposed between the polylysine segments with the aim of stabilizing these intriguing toroidal condensates. Pertaining to the critical hindlimb ischemia, our proposed toroidal VEGF-encoding pDNA condensates demonstrated high levels of VEGF expression at the dosage sites, which consequently contributed to the neo-vasculature (the particularly abundant formation of micro-vessels in the injected hindlimb), preventing the hindlimb ischemia from causing necrosis at the extremities. Moreover, excellent safety profiles have been demonstrated by our proposed toroidal condensates, as opposed to the apparent immunogenicity of the naked pDNA. Hence, our proposed virus-like DNA condensates herald potentials as gene therapy platform in persistent expressions of the therapeutic proteins, and might consequently be highlighted in the management of a variety of intractable diseases. (Figure presented.)
The association between dietary, physical activity and the DNA methylation of PPARGC1A, HLA-DQA1 and ADCY3 in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a nest case-control study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with DNA methylation and lifestyle. The effects of DNA methylation on GDM, and the interaction between DNA methylation and lifestyle factors are not well elucidated. The objective of this study was to explore the association between GDM, DNA methylation and lifestyle factors. Methods: A nest case-control design was performed. Sociodemographic data, dietary intake and daily physical activity information of pregnant women were collected. Bisulfate pyrosequencing was used to detect the DNA methylation level of PPARGC1A, HLA-DQA1, and ADCY3 genes. The differences of DNA methylation levels between the GDM group and the control group were compared. The correlation between clinical characteristics, dietary, physical activity and DNA methylation level was analyzed. Results: A total of 253 pregnant women were enrolled, of which, 60 participants (GDM: 30; control: 30) were included in the final analysis. There were no significant differences in DNA methylation levels of six methylated sites between the two groups in this study (P > 0.05). Daily intake of potato and poultry were associated with DNA methylation level of the CpG 1 site of the ADCY3 gene in all participants and the control group (P < 0.05). Duration of folic acid intake before pregnancy was correlated with the methylation level of the CpG 1 site of the ADCY3 gene in all participants (r = 0.341, P = 0.04) and the control group (r = 0.431, P = 0.025). Daily oil intake was correlated with the methylation level of CpG 2 (r = 0.627, P = 0.016) and CpG 3 (r = 0.563, P = 0.036) of PPARGC1A in the GDM group. Conclusion: The association between the DNA methylation levels and GDM wasn’t validated. There were associations between dietary and DNA methylation in pregnant women. A large-sample-sized and longitudinal study is warranted to further investigate the impacts of lifestyle on DNA methylation.
Associations of phosphorus concentrations with medial arterial calcification in lower-extremity arteries and diabetic foot in people with diabetes: a retrospective cross-sectional study; Background: The aim of this study was to investigate the associations of blood phosphorus levels with the risk of developing medial arterial calcification (MAC) in lower-limb arteries and diabetic foot (DF) in diabetes patients. We sought to enhance the understanding of the pathophysiology of diabetic complications and develop strategies to mitigate diabetes-related risks. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of 701 diabetic patients from the Department of Endocrinology at Sun Yat-Sen Memorial Hospital (2019–2023). We utilized multimodel-adjusted logistic regression to investigate the associations of serum phosphorus levels and the risk of developing MAC and DF. Restricted cubic spline plots were employed to model the relationships, and threshold analysis was used to identify inflection points. Subgroup analyses were performed to explore variations across different demographics. The diagnostic utility of phosphorus concentrations was assessed via the C index, net reclassification improvement (NRI), and integrated discrimination improvement (IDI). Results: Of the 701 patients (mean age 63.9 years; 401 (57.20%) were male), 333 (47.50%) had MAC, and 329 (46.93%) had DF. After controlling for numerous confounding variables, each one-unit increase in phosphorus concentrations was associated with an increased risk of developing MAC (OR 2.65, 95% CI 1.97–3.57, p < 0.001) and DF (OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.09–2.18, p = 0.014). Phosphorus levels demonstrated a linear risk association, with risk not being uniform on either side of the inflection point, which was approximately 3.28 mg/dL for MAC and varied for DF (3.26 to 3.81 mg/dL). Adding the phosphorus as an independent component to the diagnostic model for MAC and DF increased the C index, NRI, and IDI to varying degrees. Conclusions: Elevated serum phosphorus levels are significantly associated with an increased risk of developing MAC and DF among diabetic people. These findings suggest that phosphorus management could be integrated into routine diagnostic processes to improve the identification and management of lower-extremity diabetic complications. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.)
N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide levels vary by ethnicity and are associated with insulin sensitivity after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Individuals of South Asian origin have a greater risk of cardiovascular disease after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than European individuals. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amino-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP) are commonly used for heart failure screening and diagnosis, but biologically BNP exerts several beneficial cardiovascular effects primarily by counteracting the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone-system. We asked whether ethnic differences in circulating NT-proBNP levels could be explained by the differences in cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk markers? Methods: We examined 162 South Asian and 107 Nordic women in Norway 1–3 years after GDM with a clinical examination, fasting blood samples and an oral glucose tolerance test. We measured the levels of NT-proBNP, high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), leptin, adiponectin and markers of insulin sensitivity, such as the Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (ISI). Finally, we tried to identify which independent covariate best mediated the ethnic differences in NT-proBNP. Results: The mean (SD) age was 35.3 (4.5) years, BMI 29.1 (6.0) kg/m2, waist-height ratio 0.60 (0.08) and 164 women (61%) had prediabetes/diabetes. Notably, South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women in both the normoglycemic and prediabetes/diabetes groups (median (IQR) 26 (15–38) vs. 42 (22–66) ng/L, p < 0.001). Higher NT-proBNP levels were associated with greater insulin sensitivity in both South Asian and Nordic women (p = 0.005 and p < 0.001). South Asian women had higher levels of hsCRP (median (IQR) 2.2 (1.1–4.4) vs. 1.2 (0.3–4.2) mg/L), IL-6 (2.3 (1.5–3.2) vs. 1.5 (1.5–2.5) pg/mL), leptin (1647 (1176–2480) vs. 1223 (876–2313) pmol/L), and lower adiponectin levels (7.2 (5.3–9.3) vs. 10.0 (7.2–13.5) mg/L) and Matsuda ISI (2.4 (1.7–3.7) vs. 4.2 (2.9–6.1), pall<0.01) than Nordic women. Even after adjusting for these differences, higher NT-proBNP levels remained associated with insulin sensitivity (22% higher NT-proBNP per SD Matsuda ISI, p = 0.015). Insulin sensitivity and adiponectin mediated 53% and 41% of the ethnic difference in NT-proBNP. Conclusions: NT-proBNP levels are lower in South Asian than in Nordic women after GDM. Lower NT-proBNP levels correlate with impaired insulin sensitivity. Lower NT-proBNP levels in South Asian women could, therefore, be attributed to impaired insulin sensitivity rather than total body fat.
Evaluation of oxygen administration in cesarean section under spinal anesthesia via lung ultrasound and the oxygen reserve index; Background: Respiratory functions may be impaired in cesarean section (C/S) delivery performed under spinal anesthesia (SA) and oxygen supplementation may be required. Therefore, we conducted a randomized controlled study aimed to evaluate the effects of different oxygen administrations in pregnant women on the lungs during C/S under SA using ultrasound and oxygen reserve index (ORI). Methods: We conducted a randomized, controlled, single-center study from May 1, 2021, to March 31, 2022. A total of 90 patients scheduled for C/S under SA were randomly divided into 3 groups. Following the SA, patients in group 0 were treated with room air, in Group 3 were administered 3 L/min O with a nasal cannula (NC), in Group 6 were administered 6 L/min O with a simple face mask. In addition to routine monitoring, ORI values were measured. Lung aeration was evaluated through the modified lung ultrasound score (LUS) before the procedure (T0), at minute 0 (T1), 20 (T2), and hour 6 (T3) after the procedure, and ∆LUS values were recorded. Results: After SA, the ORI values of Group 3 were higher than Group 0 at all times (p < 0.05), while the intraoperative 1st minute and the 10th, 25th and 40th minutes after delivery (p = 0.001, p = 0.027, p = 0.001, p = 0.019) was higher than Group 6. When the LUS values of each group were compared with the T0 values a decrease was observed in Group 3 and Group 6 (p < 0.001, p = 0.016). While ∆LUS values were always higher in Group 3 than in Group 0, they were higher only in T1 and T2 in Group 6. Conclusion: We determined that it would be appropriate to prefer 3 L/min supplemental oxygen therapy with NC in C/S to be performed under SA.
Overexpression of long noncoding RNA DUXAP8 inhibits ER-phagy through activating AKT/mTOR signaling and contributes to preeclampsia; Preeclampsia (PE) is a life-threatening pregnancy-specific complication with controversial mechanisms and no effective treatment except delivery is available. Currently, increasing researchers suggested that PE shares pathophysiologic features with protein misfolding/aggregation disorders, such as Alzheimer disease (AD). Evidences have proposed defective autophagy as a potential source of protein aggregation in PE. Endoplasmic reticulum-selective autophagy (ER-phagy) plays a critical role in clearing misfolded proteins and maintaining ER homeostasis. However, its roles in the molecular pathology of PE remain unclear. We found that lncRNA DUXAP8 was upregulated in preeclamptic placentae and significantly correlated with clinical indicators. DUXAP8 specifically binds to PCBP2 and inhibits its ubiquitination-mediated degradation, and decreased levels of PCBP2 reversed the activation effect of DUXAP8 overexpression on AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Function experiments showed that DUXAP8 overexpression inhibited trophoblastic proliferation, migration, and invasion of HTR-8/SVneo and JAR cells. Moreover, pathological accumulation of swollen and lytic ER (endoplasmic reticulum) was observed in DUXAP8-overexpressed HTR8/SVneo cells and PE placental villus trophoblast cells, which suggesting that ER clearance ability is impaired. Further studies found that DUXAP8 overexpression impaired ER-phagy and caused protein aggregation medicated by reduced FAM134B and LC3II expression (key proteins involved in ER-phagy) via activating AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. The increased level of FAM134B significantly reversed the inhibitory effect of DUXAP8 overexpression on the proliferation, migration, and invasion of trophoblasts. In vivo, DUXAP8 overexpression through tail vein injection of adenovirus induced PE-like phenotypes in pregnant rats accompanied with activated AKT/mTOR signaling, decreased expression of FAM134B and LC3-II proteins and increased protein aggregation in placental tissues. Our study reveals the important role of lncRNA DUXAP8 in regulating trophoblast biological behaviors through FAM134B-mediated ER-phagy, providing a new theoretical basis for understanding the pathogenesis of PE.
Association of serum homocysteine with vitamin B12 and folate levels in women with pre-eclampsia in a tertiary health care center in Nepal; Background: Pre-eclampsia is a syndrome that chiefly includes the development of new-onset hypertension and proteinuria after 20 weeks of pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity in Nepal. Hyperhomocysteinemia may be a cause of the endothelial dysfunction provoked by oxidative stress in pre-eclampsia. This study was designed to evaluate the association of homocysteine with Vitamin B12 and folate in patients with pre-eclampsia. Method: An observational cross sectional study was performed in the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department of TUTH involving seventy two subjects with pre-eclampsia. Blood pressure, urinary protein levels, serum homocysteine, Vitamin B12 and folate levels were compared in both mild and severe forms of pre-eclampsia. Concentration of Vitamin B12 and folate were measured using Vitros ECI and homocysteine was measured using CLIA. SPSS 23.0 was used to analyze the data. Tests were performed with Mann Whitney Test and Spearman’s rank correlation test. A p-value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: This study showed no significant difference in age and weeks of gestation in both mild and severe forms of pre-eclampsia. Mean concentration of homocysteine was higher (13.1 ± 6.4 micromol/L) in severe Pre-eclampsia as compared to mild cases (7.6 ± 2.8 micromol/L). Mean concentration of folate was lower in severe cases (35.4 ± 24.1 micromol/L) when compared with mild cases of pre-eclampsia (57 ± 23.4 micromol/L). Conclusion: Homocysteine levels were increased in severe Pre-eclampsia when compared with mild pre-eclampsia and this finding can be used to predict and prevent complications in patients with pre-eclampsia.
The impact of antenatal cluster management on maternal delivery and postpartum rehabilitation; Objective: Pregnancy care can improve maternal pregnancy outcomes. Cluster nursing, an evidence-based, patient-centered model, enhances pregnancy care, can provide patients with high-quality nursing services, has been widely used in clinical practice in recent years. However, most previous studies evaluated cluster nursing program only for a single clinical scenario. In this study, we developed and implemented a antenatal cluster care program for various prenatal issues faced by puerpera to analyze its application effect. Methods: This is a historical before and after control study. 89 expectant mothers who had their prenatal information files registered in the outpatient department of a grade III, level A hospital from June 2020 to September 2021 were finally enrolled in observation group, and received prenatal cluster management. Another set of 89 expectant mothers from January 2019 to December 2019 were included in the control group and received traditional routine prenatal management. The effect of cluster nursing management on maternal delivery and postpartum rehabilitation was evaluated and compared between the two groups. Results: Compared with the control group, the observation group had a significantly higher natural delivery rate, better neonatal prognosis, higher rates of exclusive breastfeeding, lower incidence of postpartum complications, shorter postpartum hospital stay, better postpartum health status, and higher satisfaction with nursing services. Compared with before intervention, the SAS and SDS scores of the observation group showed significant improvement after intervention. Conclusion: Antenatal cluster care is beneficial to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes, and can have positive effects on natural pregnancy and breastfeeding, while improving the multimedia health education ability of medical care and emphasizing the importance of social support.
Diagnostic and prognostic value of triglyceride glucose index: a comprehensive evaluation of meta-analysis; Objective: The present umbrella review aims to collate and summarize the findings from previous meta-analyses on the Triglyceride and Glucose (TyG) Index, providing insights to clinicians, researchers, and policymakers regarding the usefulness of this biomarker in various clinical settings. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science up to April 14, 2024, without language restrictions. The AMSTAR2 checklist assessed the methodological quality of the included meta-analyses. Statistical analyses were performed using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) software. Results: A total of 32 studies were finally included. The results revealed significant associations between the TyG index and various health outcomes. For kidney outcomes, a high TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of contrast-induced nephropathy (CIN) (OR = 2.24, 95% CI: 1.82–2.77) and chronic kidney disease (CKD) (RR = 1.46, 95% CI: 1.32–1.63). High TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR = 3.53, 95% CI: 2.74–4.54), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (OR = 2.41, 95% CI: 1.48–3.91), and diabetic retinopathy (DR) (OR = 2.34, 95% CI: 1.31–4.19). Regarding metabolic diseases, the TyG index was significantly higher in patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) (SMD = 0.86, 95% CI: 0.57–1.15), metabolic syndrome (MD = 0.83, 95% CI: 0.74–0.93), and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) (OR = 2.36, 95% CI: 1.88–2.97) compared to those without these conditions. In cerebrovascular diseases, a higher TyG index was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia (OR = 1.14, 95% CI: 1.12–1.16), cognitive impairment (OR = 2.31, 95% CI: 1.38–3.86), and ischemic stroke (OR = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.22–1.54). For cardiovascular outcomes, the TyG index showed significant associations with an increased risk of heart failure (HF) (HR = 1.21, 95% CI: 1.12–1.30), atrial fibrillation (AF) (SMD = 1.22, 95% CI: 0.57–1.87), and hypertension (HTN) (RR = 1.52, 95% CI: 1.25–1.85). Conclusion: The TyG index is a promising biomarker for screening and predicting various medical conditions, particularly those related to insulin resistance and metabolic disorders. However, the heterogeneity and methodological quality of the included studies suggest the need for further high-quality research to confirm these findings and refine the clinical utility of the TyG index. Graphical abstract: (Figure presented.)
Gestational diabetes mellitus and development of intergenerational overall and subtypes of cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: We aimed to summarize the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and its intergenerational cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) impacts in both mothers and offspring post-delivery in existing literature. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus were utilized for searching publications between January 1980 and June 2024, with data extraction and meta-analysis continuing until 31 July 2024. Based on a predefined PROSPERO protocol, studies published as full-length, English-language journal articles that reported the presence of GDM during pregnancy and its association with any CVD development post-delivery were selected. All studies were evaluated using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Maximally adjusted risk estimates were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis to assess the risk ratio (RR) of GDM, and overall and subtypes of CVDs in both mothers and offspring post-delivery. Results: The meta-analysis was based on 38 studies with a total of 77,678,684 participants. The results showed a 46% increased risk (RR 1.46, 95% CI 1.34–1.59) for mothers and a 23% increased risk (1.23, 1.05–1.45) for offspring of developing overall CVDs after delivery, following a GDM-complicated pregnancy. Our subgroup analysis revealed that mothers with a history of GDM faced various risks (20% to 2-fold) of developing different subtypes of CVDs, including cerebrovascular disease, coronary artery disease, heart failure, and venous thromboembolism. Conclusions: These findings underscore the heightened risk of developing various CVDs for mothers and offspring affected by GDM, emphasizing the importance of preventive measures even right after birth to mitigate the burden of CVDs in these populations.
Incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease in Ethiopia: a retrospective cohort study; Background: Neonatal mortality poses a significant public health challenge in sub-Saharan Africa, with congenital heart disease emerging as the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among neonates, especially in countries like Ethiopia. Despite efforts to reduce neonatal mortality rates, Ethiopia continues to experience an increased mortality rate, particularly among neonates with congenital heart disease. This study aims to investigate the incidence and predictors of mortality in this vulnerable population within Ethiopia. Method: A retrospective cohort study was conducted at an institution, involving 583 randomly selected neonates diagnosed with congenital heart disease. In the current study, the dependent variable was survival status. Data entry utilized EpiData data version 4.6, and analysis was performed using STATA version 16. Probability of death was compared using the log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier failure curve. Significant predictors were identified using bivariable and multivariate Cox regression. Model fitness and proportional hazard assumptions were evaluated using the Cox-Snell graph and Global test, respectively. Associations were assessed by adjusted hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Results: The study participants were followed for 4844 days. The mortality rate was 9.9%. The incidence density was 11.9 per 1000 person-days of observation. Neonatal sepsis (AHR: 2.24; 95% CI [1.18–4.23]), cyanotic congenital heart disease (AHR: 3.49; 95% CI [1.93–6.28]), home delivery (AHR: 1.9; 95% CI [1.06–3.6]), maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus (AHR: 1.94; 95% CI [1.04–3.61]), and having additional congenital malformations (AHR: 2.49; 95% CI [1.33–4.67]) were significant predictors for neonatal mortality. Conclusion and recommendation: The incidence density of mortality was high compared to studies conducted in developed countries. Neonatal sepsis, type of congenital heart disease, place of delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus, and having an additional congenital malformation were significant predictors of mortality among neonates with congenital heart disease. Therefore, healthcare providers should pay special attention to patients with identified predictors. Furthermore, the Federal Ministry of Health, stakeholders, and policymakers should collaborate to address this issue.
Adverse health effects of exposure to plastic, microplastics and their additives: environmental, legal and policy implications for Israel; Background: Israel is a regional "hotspot" of plastic pollution, with little discussion of potential adverse health effects from exposure to plastic. This review aims to stimulate discussion and drive policy by focusing on these adverse health effects. Main body: Plastics are synthetic polymers containing additives which can leach from food- and beverage-contact plastic into our food and beverages, and from plastic textiles onto our skin. Plastics persist in the environment for generations, fragmenting into MNPs: Micro (1 micron–5 mm)-Nano (1 nm–1 micron)-Plastic, which contaminate our atmosphere, water, and food chain. MNP can enter the human body through ingestion, inhalation and touch. MNP < 10 microns can cross epithelial barriers in the respiratory and gastrointestinal systems, and fragments < 100 nm can cross intact skin, enabling entry into body tissues. MNP have been found in multiple organs of the human body. Patients with MNP in atheromas of carotid arteries have increased risk of a combined measure of stroke, cardiovascular disease, and death. Toxic additives to plastics include bisphenols, phthalates, and PFAS, endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs) which cause dysregulation of thyroid function, reproduction, and metabolism, including increased risk of obesity, diabetes, endometriosis, cancer, and decreased fertility, sperm count and quality. Fetal exposure to EDCs is associated with increased rates of miscarriages, prematurity and low birth weight. There is likely no safe level of exposure to EDCs, with increasing evidence of trans-generational and epigenetic effects. There are several existing Israeli laws to reduce plastic use and waste. Taxes on single-use plastic (SUP) were recently cancelled. There are many gaps in regulatory standards for food-, beverage- and child- safe plastic. Existing standards are poorly enforced. Conclusion: Reduction in production and use of plastic, promotion of recycling and reduction of leaching of toxic additives into our food and beverages are essential policy goals. Specific recommendations: Periodic monitoring of MNP in bottled beverages, food, indoor air; Strengthen enforcement of standards for food-, beverage-, and child-safe plastic; Renew tax on SUPs; National ban on SUP at public beaches, nature reserves and parks; Ban products manufactured with MNP; Increase research on sources and health outcomes of exposure to MNP and EDCs.
The association between macrosomia and glucose, lipids and hormones levels in maternal and cord serum: a case-control study; Background: The formation of macrosomia is associated with excessive nutrition and/or unable to regulate effectively. This case-control study aims to explore the relationship between macrosomia and glucose, lipids and hormones levels in maternal and cord serum. Methods: In the case-control study, 78 pairs of mothers and newborns were recruited who received care at one hospital of Hebei, China between 2016 and 2019. According to the birth weight (BW) of newborns, participants were divided into macrosomia group (BW ≥ 4000 g, n = 39) and control group (BW between 2500 g and 3999 g, n = 39). Maternal vein blood and cord vein blood were collected and assayed. All data were compared between the two groups. Unconditional logistics regression analysis was used to test the relationship between macrosomia and glucose, lipids and hormones in maternal and cord serum. Results: In maternal and cord serum, the levels of leptin, leptin/adiponectin ratio (LAR), glucose and triglyceride (TG) in macrosomia group were higher than those in control group, and the levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were lower. The percentage of maternal glucose and lipids transfer to cord blood did not differ between the two groups. High levels of TG in maternal serum were positively correlated with macrosomia, and high levels of LAR, TG and glucose in cord serum were positively correlated with macrosomia. Conclusion: In conclusion, the results of the current study, suggest that the nutrients and metabolism-related hormones in maternal and umbilical cord are closely related to macrosomia. During pregnancy, the nutritional status of pregnant women should be paid attention to and to obtain a good birth outcome.
Maternal hyperglycemia affects cell proliferation signalling and stromal organization in the prostate of neonatal and juvenile rat offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy. It creates a hyperglycemic environment and impacts offspring development, increasing the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease. The impact of gestational diabetes on the prostates of adult offspring has already been described; however, it is not known whether these effects are due only to the maternal condition or whether the offspring develop them throughout life. This investigation evaluated the prostates of neonatal and juvenile offspring of hyperglycemic rats due to diabetes. Diabetes was induced with streptozotocin (50 mg/kg, ip) in pregnant Wistar rats and the prostates of 7- or 30-day-old pups from healthy (PC7, PC30) or diabetic (PD7, PD30) mothers were evaluated. We found reduced body weight in pups of PD7 and PD30 and prostate weight in PD30. Prostate branching was not affected, but a reduction in apoptotic levels was associated with impaired acinar bud canalization in neonates. Additionally, PD7 presented reduced ERK1/2 phosphorylation, cell proliferation and collagen, but fibroblasts were increased. In PD30, there was a reduction in the area of the secretory epithelium and stroma, but the luminal area was increased. Moreover, fibroblasts, smooth muscle cells, collagen and metalloproteinase 2 were decreased in these juvenile pups. These data indicate that maternal hyperglycemia inactivates an important cell proliferation signaling pathway in the prostate in the first postnatal days (which is restored in the juvenile period), but it was not sufficient to avoid epithelial and stromal atrophy. This effect on postnatal gland development may impact the reproductive capacity of the prostate in adult life.
The effects of selenium supplementation on lipid profile in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Introduction: Dyslipidemia with a considerable progression rate is a primary risk factor for CVDs if left untreated. Dietary interventions have explored the health influences of selenium on lipid profiles in adults, yet the findings remain contentious. This study seeks to determine if selenium supplementation can positively modify the lipid profile (total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), very-low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) in adults. Methods: Using predefined keywords, we searched online databases, including Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science Core Collection, and Google Scholar, for relevant studies published from inception through July 2024. A random-effects meta-analysis was then employed to pool the weighted mean differences (WMD) and 95 % CI for outcomes assessed by a minimum of three studies. Results: Initially 1205 studies were obtained out of which 25 RCTs were decided to be included for further analyses. Selenium supplementation reduced VLDL (WMD: −1.53; 95 % CI: −2.86, −0.20), but did not change TG (WMD: 1.12; 95 % CI: −4.51, 6.74), TC (WMD: −2.25; 95 % CI: −6.80, 2.29), LDL-C (WMD: 1.60; 95 % CI: −4.26, 7.46), and HDL-C levels (WMD: 0.98; 95 % CI: - 0.02, 1.98). Conclusion: Our study showed significantly reduced VLDL but limited effects were observed in other lipid indexes. More extensive RCTs are required globally to achieve a holistic comprehension of the connection between selenium and lipid profile.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Subsequent Risks of Diabetes and Cardiovascular Diseases: the Life Course Perspective and Implications of Racial Disparities; Purpose of Review: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications worldwide and the prevalence is continuously rising globally. Importantly, GDM is not an isolated complication of pregnancy. Growing evidence suggests that individuals with GDM, compared to those without GDM, have an increased risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Substantial racial and ethnic disparities exist in the risk of GDM. However, the role of race and ethnicity in the progression from GDM to T2D and CVD remains unclear. The purpose of the current review is to summarize recent research about GDM and its life-course impacts on cardiometabolic health, including 1) the peak time of developing T2D and CVD risks after GDM, 2) the racial and ethnic disparities in the risk cardiometabolic diseases after GDM, 3) the biological plausibility and underlying mechanisms, and 4) recommendations for screening and prevention of cardiometabolic diseases among individuals with GDM, collectively to provide an updated review to guide future research. Recent Findings: Growing evidence has indicated that individuals with GDM had greater risks of T2D (7.4 to 9.6 times), hypertension (78% higher), and CDV events (74% higher) after GDM than their non-GDM counterparts. More recently, a few studies also suggested that GDM could slightly increase the risk of mortality. Available evidence suggests that key CVD risk factors such as blood pressure, plasma glucose, and lipids levels are all elevated as early as < 1 year postpartum in individuals with GDM. The risk of T2D and hypertension is likely to reach a peak between 3–6 years after the index pregnancy with GDM compared to normal glycemia pregnancy. Cumulative evidence also suggests that the risk of cardiometabolic diseases including T2D, hypertension, and CVD events after GDM varies by race and ethnicity. However, whether the risk is higher in certain racial and ethnic groups and whether the pattern may vary by the postpartum cardiometabolic outcome of interest remain unclear. The underlying mechanisms linking GDM and subsequent T2D and CVD are complex, often involving multiple pathways and their interactions, with the specific mechanisms varying by individuals of different racial and ethnic backgrounds. Diabetes and CVD risk screening among individuals with GDM should be initiated early during postpartum and continue, if possible, frequently. Unfortunately, adherence to postpartum glucose testing with either obstetrician or primary care providers remained poor among individuals with GDM. Summary: A life-course perspective may provide critical information to address clinical and public health gaps in postpartum screening and interventions for preventing T2D and CVD risks in individuals with GDM. Future research investigating the racial- and ethnic-specific risk of progression from GDM to cardiometabolic diseases and the role of multi-domain factors including lifestyle, biological, and socio-contextual factors are warranted to inform tailored and culture-appropriate interventions for high-risk subpopulations. Further, examining the barriers to postpartum glucose testing among individuals with GDM is crucial for the effective prevention of cardiometabolic diseases and for enhancing life-long health.
Association of ideal cardiovascular health and history of gestational diabetes mellitus in NHANES 2007–2018; Background: Population-based studies of ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are scarce. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of 2007–2018 National Health Examination and Nutrition Survey women aged ≥ 20 years, who had data on Life's Simple 7 (LS7) metrics and self-reported GDM history. Each LS7 metric was assigned a score of 0 (non-ideal) and 1(ideal) and summed to obtain total ideal CVH scores (0–7). We used logistic regression models to assess associations between LS7 ideal CVH scores (0–7) and GDM history, accounting for socio-demographic factors. Results: Among 9199 women (mean age: 46 years, 8 % with a GDM history), there was a progressive decrease in the odds of past GDM history across increasing ideal CVH scores. Compared to females with 0–1 ideal CVH scores, females with ideal CVH scores of 3, 4 and 5–7 had an associated 39 % lower [odds ratio: 0.61 (95 % CI: 0.41–0.90)], 50 % lower [0.50 (0.33–0.76)] and 66 % lower [0.34 (0.20–0.56)] odds of past GDM history, respectively. There were notable racial/ethnic and citizenship/nativity differences in these associations. Conclusions: Women with higher ideal CVH scores had lower odds of GDM history. Our findings underscore the importance of optimizing cardiometabolic health among women with GDM history.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, body mass index, and cardiometabolic multimorbidity: A prospective cohort study; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) could increase the risks of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. However, evidence on its association with cardiometabolic multimorbidity (CMM) was limited. This study aimed to evaluate the association between GDM and the prevalence, incidence, patterns, and progression of CMM; and the role of body mass index (BMI) in such association. Methods: This study included 203,372 women who have given birth in UK Biobank. The diagnoses of GDM and cardiometabolic diseases (including stroke, coronary heart disease [CHD], and T2DM) were reported by participants or obtained through linkage to inpatient hospital data until 31st December 2020. BMI was assessed at the baseline assessment. CMM was defined as having two or more of included cardiometabolic diseases. Logistic regression models and Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and CMM, and the modifications on both additive and multiplicative scales were assessed to evaluate the effect of BMI on such association. Results: A total of 1217 women had a history of GDM, 2351 participants had CMM at the end of follow-up and 1601 was newly diagnosed during follow-up. GDM was associated with higher prevalence (odds ratio [OR]=4.64, 95 % confidence interval [95 % CI]=3.54–6.08) and incidence (hazard ratio [HR]=3.62, 95 % CI=2.62–5.00) of CMM. In particular, GDM was associated with higher odds of T2DM, coexisting T2DM and vascular disease, and T2DM followed by vascular disease. Formal testing for effect modification suggested multiplicative modification by BMI for the association between GDM and incident CMM. Conclusions: GDM was associated with CMM in women's late life, with multiplicative modification effects of BMI. Our results suggest that maternal and lifestyle interventions (e.g., weight management) are warranted for the primary and secondary prevention of CMM, particularly in women with a history of GDM.
Antenatal Glycemic Management and Postpartum Cardiovascular Disease Risk Screening; Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles of patients referred to the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Eligible patients had their MHC appointment at 6 months postpartum between November 2011 and May 2022 and experienced GDM in their most recent pregnancy. Included participants were then divided into subgroups comparing methods of glycemic control: diet-controlled GDM and insulin-controlled GDM. Additionally, the MHC recruited 47 patients who have not experienced a complication in pregnancy to act as a comparator group in research studies. Demographics, medical and pregnancy history, and CVD risk scores were compared between the 3 groups. Results: In total, 344 patients with GDM were included in the analysis; 165 were insulin-controlled and 179 diet-controlled. When measuring the median 30-year Framingham risk score based on both BMI and lipids, there was a significant stepwise increase seen from the unexposed group, the diet-controlled GDM, and the insulin-controlled groups, respectively (all P < 0.05). The presence of metabolic syndrome showed a stepwise increase in prevalence when comparing the unexposed group, diet-exposure group, and the insulin-exposure group, respectively (16.7%; 21.5%–44.8%, P < 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings reinforce the prevalence of maternal CVD risk among GDM-diagnosed patients in the postpartum period and the necessity for screening. More specifically, our findings show how CVD risk may differ based on required interventions for glycemic control throughout pregnancy. Future research should aim to compare a more diverse patient population to optimise the generalizability of glycemic control-specific CVD outcomes.
Transverse testicular ectopia in a newborn with transposition of the great arteries: A unique case report; Introduction: Transverse testicular ectopia (TTE) is an extremely rare though well-documented congenital anomaly. In males with a 46XY karyotype, it is characterised by the herniation of both testes and part of the Müllerian organs into a single processus vaginalis. TTE is one of the three main clinical presentations of persistent Müllerian duct syndrome (PMDS). Transposition of the great arteries (TGA) is another rare congenital anomaly and severe cardiac condition. We present the likely first reported case of TTE with an accompanying malformation of TGA in a newborn. Case presentation: A 3-day-old Caucasian 46XY newborn with TGA was referred to the paediatric surgeons and endocrinologists for possible variations of sex characteristics (VSC). Despite a clinical examination revealing phenotypical male genitalia, an early postnatal ultrasound (US) suggestive of a uterine structure raised the suspicion of VSC. This patient had an arterial switch operation at 2 weeks of age before undergoing an exploration of the left groin at 8 weeks of age. Intraoperative findings revealed bilateral testes either side of a rudimentary uterus with fallopian tubes in the left inguinal canal. To avoid de-vascularising any structures, modified bilateral orchidopexy was performed placing each testis in the respective hemiscrotum with the uterus placed across the scrotal septum. Conclusion: We present the first reported case of TGA accompanying TTE. Early and accurate diagnosis, combined with the coordinated care by the specialist paediatric surgeon, cardiothoracic team, endocrinologist, and radiologist are essential for delivering timely, optimal care. This unique case raises the possibility of there being a link between TTE and TGA.
Maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 36 weeks' gestation in gestational and pre-existing diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To compare maternal vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters at 35-37 weeks' gestation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), those with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM) and those without GDM or pre-existing DM. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women with a singleton pregnancy attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. The visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and measurement of vascular indices and hemodynamic parameters using a non-invasive operator-independent device. These included carotid-to-femoral pulse-wave velocity, augmentation index, cardiac output, stroke volume, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, total peripheral resistance and heart rate. The values in the GDM and pre-existing DM groups were compared to those in the unaffected group. RESULTS: We examined 6746 women, of whom 396 were excluded because they had chronic hypertension or developed pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension. The study population of 6350 pregnancies contained 99 (1.6%) with pre-existing Type-I or Type-II DM and 617 (9.7%) that developed GDM, including 261 (42.3%) that were treated with diet alone, 239 (38.7%) treated with metformin alone and 117 (19.0%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. Among women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM, compared to those without GDM or pre-existing DM, there was a higher median cardiac output and heart rate, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse-wave velocity, but there was no significant difference in stroke volume and total peripheral resistance. There were no significant differences within the GDM group according to treatment type, except for higher heart rate in women treated with metformin alone compared to the group treated with diet alone. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM and those with pre-existing DM have evidence of early vascular disease in the third trimester, and this may contribute to their increased long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2024 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Prediction model for low bone mass mineral density in type 2 diabetes: an observational cross-sectional study; Purpose: Considering the prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D), osteoporosis should be considered a serious complication. However, an effective tool for the assessment of low bone mass mineral density (BMD) in T2D patients is not currently available. Therefore, the aim of our study was to establish a simple-to-use risk assessment tool by exploring risk factors for low BMD in T2D patients. Methods: This study included 436 patients with a low BMD and 381 patients with a normal BMD. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to evaluate risk factors for low BMD in T2D patients. A nomogram was then developed from these results. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, calibration plot, and goodness-of-fit test were used to validate the nomogram. The clinical utility of the nomogram was also assessed. Results: Multivariate logistic regression indicated that age, sex, education, body mass index (BMI), fasting C-peptide, high-density cholesterol (HDL), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), and type I collagen carboxy terminal peptide (S-CTX) were independent predictors for low BMD in T2D patients. The nomogram was developed from these variables using both the unadjusted area under the curve (AUC) and the bootstrap-corrected AUC (0.828). Calibration plots and the goodness-of-fit test demonstrated that the nomogram was well calibrated. Conclusions: The nomogram-illustrated model can be used by clinicians to easily predict the risk of low BMD in T2D patients. Our study also revealed that common factors are independent predictors of low BMD risk. Our results provide a new strategy for the prediction, investigation, and facilitation of low BMD in T2D patients.
Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor; Relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor (RUPI-L) is a clinical condition that refers to alterations in the fetal oxygen “demand–supply” equation caused by the onset of regular uterine activity. The term RUPI-L indicates a condition of “relative” uteroplacental insufficiency which is relative to a specific stressful circumstance, such as the onset of regular uterine activity. RUPI-L may be more prevalent in fetuses in which the ratio between the fetal oxygen supply and demand is already slightly reduced, such as in cases of subclinical placental insufficiency, post-term pregnancies, gestational diabetes, and other similar conditions. Prior to the onset of regular uterine activity, fetuses with a RUPI-L may present with normal features on the cardiotocography. However, with the onset of uterine contractions, these fetuses start to manifest abnormal fetal heart rate patterns which reflect the attempt to maintain adequate perfusion to essential central organs during episodes of transient reduction in oxygenation. If labor is allowed to continue without an appropriate intervention, progressively more frequent, and stronger uterine contractions may result in a rapid deterioration of the fetal oxygenation leading to hypoxia and acidosis. In this Commentary, we introduce the term relative uteroplacental insufficiency of labor and highlight the pathophysiology, as well as the common features observed in the fetal heart rate tracing and clinical implications.
Hydroxychloroquine and Pre-eclampsia in a Diverse Cohort of Women With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus; Objective: Patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) are at risk for pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. These clinically important complications are associated with maternal morbidity, mortality, and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Some studies suggest that hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) may reduce pre-eclampsia risk in lupus pregnancy. Using a cohort of pregnant patients with prevalent SLE at Kaiser Permanente Northern California (KPNC), we investigated whether HCQ treatment in early pregnancy reduced the risk of pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. Methods: Among pregnant patients with SLE from 2011 to 2020, we assessed HCQ treatment from three months before pregnancy through the first trimester. HCQ exposure was defined multiple ways to account for adherence and duration of treatment. Propensity scores accounted for multiple confounders and modified Poisson models estimated risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals of the association between HCQ treatment and pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. Effect modification by pregestational hypertension, history of nephritis, and antiphospholipid antibody (aPL) status was investigated through stratified analysis. Results: There were 399 pregnancies among 324 patients with SLE at KPNC between 2011 and 2020. Considering multiple exposure definitions, we consistently found a null association between HCQ and pre-eclampsia or eclampsia. The RRs were consistently lower among nullipara patients, and RRs were consistently protective but not statistically significant among the high-risk subgroup of patients with a history of nephritis, aPL positivity, or pregestational hypertension (for both nullipara and multipara patients). Conclusion: Although this study found no reduced risk of HCQ on pre-eclampsia or eclampsia, residual confounding may be attenuating the effect despite an integrated health care delivery system setting with detailed clinical data.
Could Admission Non-stress Test Predict Neonatal Outcomes in Cesarean Deliveries? An Observational Study; Objectives: Despite the certainty of evidence regarding the predicting value of admission non-stress test (NST) in high-risk pregnancies at labor onset, data regarding low-risk pregnancies is conflicting. Additionally, most studies have mainly reported fetal heart rate (FHR) interpretation and categorization in laboring mothers and not in mothers experiencing false labor or even no uterine contractions. So, we aimed to assess the association between admission cardiotocography (aCTG) findings and neonatal outcomes in scheduled cesarean deliveries, who are a main subgroup of these patients. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational study, 376 subjects were investigated in a tertiary center in Tehran, Iran from May 2020 to October 2021. All participants underwent a 20-minute aCTG and two blinded independent perinatologists interpreted each trace. Neonatal outcomes, including birth weight, Apgar scores, cord blood gas status, and neonatal admission were also recorded. Results: The mean number of late deceleration was 0.5 in neonates not admitted to the neonatal ward and 1 in neonates admitted to the neonatal ward, and the difference was statistically significant (P = 0.001). Numbers of Lambda decelerations were statistically correlated with cord blood pH (correlation coefficient =-0.119; P = 0.022). No other significant association was found between CTG characteristics and cord blood gas status, low birth weight, and/or Apgar scores. Although adverse outcomes were uncommon, associations between these outcomes and CTG findings were not significant. Conclusions: Performing an aCTG does not seem cost-beneficial in predicting perinatal outcomes in scheduled term cesarean deliveries.
The combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes on long-term risk of premature myocardial infarction and stroke: A population-based cohort study; Objective: To examine the combined impact of migraine and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risks of premature (persons aged ≤60 years) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) based on a composite endpoint of fatal and non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Background: Migraine and GDM are risk factors for cardiovascular disease. It is unknown how the combination of migraine and GDM may affect cardiovascular disease risk. Methods: In a Danish population-based cohort longitudinal study, we established four cohorts among women with at least one pregnancy during 1996–2018: women with migraine, women with GDM, women with both migraine and GDM, and women free of migraine and free of GDM. Risks of premature MACCE and component endpoints were assessed for each cohort. Results: We included 1,307,456 women free of migraine and free of GDM, 56,811 women with migraine, 24,700 women with GDM, and 1484 women with migraine and GDM. The 20-year absolute risk of MACCE was 1.3% (MI: 0.4%, ischemic stroke: 0.6%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women free of migraine and free of GDM, 2.3% (MI: 0.8%, ischemic stroke: 1.2%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.5%) among women with migraine, 2.2% (MI: 1.0%, ischemic stroke: 1.0%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.4%) among women with GDM, and 3.7% (MI: 1.7%, ischemic stroke: 1.7%, hemorrhagic stroke: 0.3%) among women with both migraine and GDM. The 20-year adjusted hazard ratio of premature MACCE was 1.65 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.49–1.82) for women with migraine; 1.64 (95% CI 1.37–1.96) for women with GDM; and 2.35 (95% CI 1.03–5.36) for women with both GDM and migraine when compared with women free of migraine and free of GDM. Conclusions: Migraine and GDM were each independently associated with an increased risk of MACCE. Risk of premature MACCE was greatest among women with both migraine and GDM, although this risk estimate was imprecise.
Postpartum readmission risk: a comparison between stillbirths and live births; Background: Stillbirth occurs more commonly among pregnant people with comorbid conditions and obstetrical complications. Stillbirth also independently increases maternal morbidity and imparts a psychosocial hazard when compared with live birth. These distinct needs and burden may increase the risk for postpartum readmission after stillbirth. Objective: This study aimed to examine the risk for maternal postpartum readmission after stillbirth in comparison with live birth and to identify indications for readmission and the associated risk factors. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort of patients with singleton stillbirths or live births, delivered at ≥20 weeks’ gestation, who were identified from the 2019 Nationwide Readmissions Database. The primary outcome was all-cause readmission within 6 weeks of discharge from the childbirth hospitalization. The association between stillbirth (vs live birth) and risk for readmission was assessed using multivariable regression models with adjustment for maternal age, sociodemographic characteristics, maternal and obstetrical conditions, and delivery characteristics. Within the stillbirth group, risk factors for readmission were further examined using multivariable regression. The secondary outcomes included principal indication for readmission (categorized based on principal diagnosis code of the readmission hospitalization) and timing of readmission (number of weeks after childbirth hospitalization). Differences in these secondary outcomes were compared between the stillbirth and live birth groups using chi-square tests. All analyses accounted for the complex sample design to generate nationally representative estimates. Results: Postpartum readmission occurred in 2.7% of 16,636 patients with stillbirths, whereas it occurred in 1.6% of 2,870,677 patients with live births (unadjusted risk ratio, 1.65; 95% confidence interval, 1.47–1.86). The higher risk for readmission after stillbirth (vs live birth) persisted after adjusting for maternal, obstetrical, and delivery characteristics (adjusted risk ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.11–1.46). The distribution of principal indication for readmission differed after stillbirth and after live birth and included hypertension (30.2% vs 39.5%; unadjusted risk ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.63–0.93), mental health or substance use disorders (6.8% vs 3.6%; unadjusted risk ratio, 1.90; 95% confidence interval, 1.15–3.16), and venous thromboembolism (5.8% vs 2.0%; unadjusted risk ratio, 2.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.60–5.17). Among patients with stillbirths, 56.0% of readmissions occurred within 1 week, 71.8% within 2 weeks, and 88.1% within 4 weeks; the timing of readmission did not differ significantly between the stillbirth and live birth cohorts. Pregestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.87; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–2.93), gestational diabetes (adjusted risk ratio, 1.67; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–2.71), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted risk ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.47), obesity (adjusted risk ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.01–2.12), and primary cesarean delivery (adjusted risk ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.17–2.58) were associated with a higher risk for readmission after stillbirth, whereas higher household income was associated with a lower risk for readmission (eg, adjusted risk ratio for income ≥$82,000 vs $1–$47,999, 0.48; 95% confidence interval, 0.30–0.77). Conclusion: When compared with live births, the risk for postpartum readmission was higher after stillbirths, even after adjustment for differences in the patient demographic and clinical characteristics. Readmission for mental health or substance use disorders and venous thromboembolism is more common after stillbirths than after live births.
How reliably does prenatal echocardiography predict urgent balloon atrial septostomy in fetuses with D-TGA?; Objective: To analyze the prenatal and postnatal outcomes of fetuses with D-TGA and to determine whether prenatal echocardiography may predict postnatal urgent BAS. Study Design: A retrospective study of fetuses with D-TGA, for which fetal echocardiography was performed at our tertiary hospital from January 2018 to May 2023. We assessed the appearance of the septum primum and the FO flap in the four-chamber view as to whether the FO had a restrictive appearance during measurement of the diameter of the FO at its maximal angle to the attachment point. Color Doppler was used to detect VSDs and measure its diameter both in the four-chamber view and when visualizing the outlets of the great arteries in the sagittal section of the heart. Results: During the study period, 64 fetuses were diagnosed with D-TGA, which was also confirmed postnatally. Of these, 16 fetuses were excluded due to additional cardiac anomalies or the inability to reach the mother. In total, 48 cases were included in this series. In our study, the FO diameter was significantly decreased in the urgent BAS group, compared with the fetuses without urgent BAS (5.1 mm vs 6.3 mm). A cut off of 6 mm for the FO diameter (sensitivity, 73.3 %; specificity, 72.2 %; area under the curve [AUC], 0.764) and 3.2 mm for the VSD diameter (sensitivity, 75 %; specificity, 75 %; AUC, 0.728) suggested urgent BAS. Conclusion: Prenatal echocardiography performed after 37 weeks of gestation in fetuses with D-TGA provides valuable information to estimate the need for postnatal urgent BAS that would prevent immediate life-threatening complications.
Nimbolide protects against diabetic cardiomyopathy by regulating endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial function via the Akt/mTOR pathway; Nimbolide has been demonstrated to possess protective properties against gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetic retinopathy. However, the role and molecular mechanism of nimbolide in diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) remain unknown. Diabetes was induced in rats via a single injection of streptozotocin (STZ) and then the diabetic rats were administered nimbolide (5 mg/kg and 20 mg/kg) or dimethyl sulfoxide daily for 12 weeks. H9c2 cardiomyocytes were exposed to high glucose (25 mM glucose) to mimic DCM in vitro. The protective effects of nimbolide against DCM were evaluated in vivo and in vitro. The potential molecular mechanism of nimbolide in DCM was further explored. We found that nimbolide dose-dependently decreased blood glucose and improved body weight of diabetic rats. Additionally, nimbolide dose-dependently improved cardiac function, alleviated myocardial injury/fibrosis, and inhibited endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress and apoptosis in diabetic rats. Moreover, nimbolide dose-dependently improved mitochondrial function and activated the Akt/mTOR signaling. We consistently demonstrated the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide in an in vitro model of DCM. The involvement of ER stress and mitochondrial pathways were further confirmed by using inhibitors of ER stress and mitochondrial division. By applying a specific Akt inhibitor SC66, the cardioprotective effects of nimbolide were partially blocked. Our study indicated that nimbolide alleviated DCM by activating Akt/mTOR pathway. Nimbolide may be a novel therapeutic agent for DCM treatment.
Establishing a risk score for prediction of intrapartum cesarean delivery among older women: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To determine risk factors and to develop a risk prediction score for intrapartum cesarean delivery (CD) in women over 40 years old. Study design: A retrospective cohort study, in a single university-affiliated tertiary medical center. All women aged 40 years or more who planned a trial of labor between 2012 and 2022. Women who opted for an elective CD and those with non-viable fetuses were excluded. Maternal and neonatal characteristics of women who delivered vaginally were compared to those who underwent an intrapartum CD. Risk factors were examined using univariate and multivariate analysis. A score was developed to predict the need for intrapartum CD. We assessed a receiver operating characteristic curve to evaluate the performance of our model. Main outcome measure: An unplanned intrapartum cesarean section. Results: During the study period, 122,583 women delivered at our center, of whom 6122 (4.9 %) aged 40 years or more attempted a trial of labor. Of them, 428 (7 %) underwent intrapartum CD. Several independent risk factors were identified, including nulliparity, regional anesthesia, induction of labor, use of antibiotics during labor, multiple gestation, previous cesarean delivery, and the presence of gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. A risk score model, employing a cut-off of 7, demonstrated successful prediction of intrapartum CD, with an area under the curve of 0.86. Conclusion: The score model for intrapartum CD can be used by caregivers to offer a more informed consultation to women aged 40 years or more deciding on the mode of delivery.
The association between breakfast frequency and diabetes incidence in middle-aged women: Results from the MTC study; Background and aims: Breakfast consumption could have a synchronizer role in chronobiological functions. Across observational studies, the assessment of breakfast frequency consumption is heterogeneous, therefore consensus on the relation between of weekly frequency of breakfast consumption and the risk of diabetes is unclear. We examined the relation between weekly breakfast frequency consumption and the incidence of diabetes in middle-age women. Methods and results: Since baseline (2006–2008) we prospectively followed 71,373 women from the Mexican Teachers’ Cohort. Participants were classified according to breakfast consumption frequency of 0, 1–3, 4–6, or 7 days/week. Diabetes was identified by self-report and clinical-administrative databases. We used Cox proportional hazards multivariable models to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for breakfast frequency and diabetes adjusting for covariates. Stratified analyses were performed for age, birth weight, ethnicity, and physical activity. We identified 3613 new diabetes cases between baseline and 2014. The prevalence of daily breakfast consumers was 25%. The median follow-up was 2.2 years, interquartile range 1.8–3.8 years. Relative to women who skipped breakfast, those who consumed breakfast every day had a 12% lower risk of diabetes (multivariable HR = 0.88; 95% CI 0.78, 0.99; p-trend = 0.0018). One additional day per week of breakfast was associated with a lower risk of diabetes (HR = 0.98; 95% CI 0.97, 0.99). In stratified analysis, the observed inverse relation appeared to be stronger in women aged ≥40 years and in indigenous women. Conclusions: Breakfast frequency was inversely associated with the incidence of diabetes independently of lifestyle factors. Regular breakfast consumption may be a potential component of diabetes prevention.
Preferences of pregnant women for postpartum thromboprophylaxis: the bicentric PREFER-PostPartum study; Background: Clinical guidelines for postpartum thromboprophylaxis differ due to its uncertain effect and varying preferences of experts. Women's preferences for postpartum thromboprophylaxis are unknown, although they may inform practices and future research. Objectives: Our aim was to elicit the pregnant women's preferences for postpartum thromboprophylaxis according to different risks of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and bleeding. Methods: In 2 Swiss and French maternity hospitals, we conducted structured interviews of pregnant or postpartum women. Participants were instructed on pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, postpartum hemorrhage, and subcutaneous injections of low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH). First, we randomized women to either standard gamble or time trade-off (2 different validated methods) to estimate the utilities (quality of life, from 0 to 1) of these health states. Second, we elicited the preference for the use of short-term postpartum thromboprophylaxis with LMWH vs none across different risks of postpartum VTE and bleeding through direct-choice exercises. Results: Among 122 participants, median (IQR) health state utilities were 0.725 (0.30-0.925) for pulmonary embolism, 0.75 (0.40-0.97) for postpartum hemorrhage, 0.85 (0.60-0.97) for deep vein thrombosis, and 0.96 (0.96-0.999) for LMWH injections. The median risk of postpartum VTE for preference of the use of postpartum thromboprophylaxis over no treatment was 0.1% (IQR, 0.01%-0.50%) without LMWH-associated bleeding risk and 0.2% (IQR, 0.1%-5%) with a 1% bleeding risk. Conclusion: European pregnant women appear to have a high willingness for 10-day postpartum thromboprophylaxis, preferred over no treatment even for low risks of postpartum VTE. This perspective from patients supports the urgent need for a randomized trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of postpartum thromboprophylaxis.
Effects of Physical Activity on Blood Lipids and Hemoglobin A1c in Healthy Pregnant Women: The FitMum Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: Maternal blood lipid and glucose concentrations during pregnancy affect fetal growth and the risk of pregnancy and delivery complications. We aimed to investigate the effects of physical activity (PA) during pregnancy on maternal blood lipid and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) concentrations. We hypothesized that higher PA was associated with improved lipid profile and glycemic control. Methods: In a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial, we included 216 pregnant women before week 15 + 0 and tested the effects of two different PA interventions throughout pregnancy compared to standard care on maternal blood lipid and HbA1c concentrations. Additionally, we investigated the effect of PA per se measured by an activity tracker. Total cholesterol (TC), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglyceride, and HbA1c concentrations were measured at week ≤15 + 0, 28+0-6, 34+0-6, and at delivery (week 32 + 1 to 42 + 0). Effects of the interventions and PA per se were tested using linear mixed effects models and linear regression analyses, respectively. Results: No effects of the PA interventions were detected on maternal lipids or HbA1c during pregnancy. In PA per se analyses, more minutes per week of moderate-to-vigorous intensity PA were associated with less increase in TC (−1.3E-04, P = .020) and LDL-C (−8.5E-05, P = .035) as pregnancy progresses. More active kilocalories were associated with less increase in TC (−5.5E-05, P < .001), HDL-C (−9.5E-06, P = .024), and LDL-C (−3.2E-05, P = .005). Conclusion: Whilst there were no effects of offering PA interventions, higher PA was associated with reduced increases in TC, HDL-C, and LDL-C as pregnancy progressed.
The impact of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension on future cardiovascular events: A nationwide cross-sectional cohort study; Objectives: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of female death worldwide. The link between future cardiovascular events and a history of hypertensive disease in pregnancy or gestational diabetes (GDM) has been well established. Less well understood is the impact on future cardiovascular risk when gestational hypertension (GH) and GDM have occurred together. We assessed the association of GDM and GH with future cardiovascular events both alone and in combination. Study design: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with 5 years of subsequent and complete follow-up were identified. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM, history of GH, history of both or history of neither. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM and/or GH were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM or GH. Hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. Results: Women with a history of GH had an increased risk of cardiovascular death (HR 5.46, 95 % confidence interval [CI] 1.93–15.49). Women with a history of GDM had no significant difference in the risk of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95 %CI 0.38–2.03) and cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95 %CI 0.47–3.36) during the 5 year follow up. Those with a history of both GDM and GH had a significantly increased risk of myocardial infarction (HR 23.33, 95 %CI 4.84–112.39). Conclusion: Women with a history of both GH and GDM are at a 23-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction within the first 5 years of their postnatal lives.
COVID-19 diagnosis, vaccination during pregnancy, and adverse pregnancy outcomes of 865,654 women in England and Wales: a population-based cohort study; Background: The extent to which COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination during pregnancy are associated with risks of common and rare adverse pregnancy outcomes remains uncertain. We compared the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with and without COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination during pregnancy. Methods: We studied population-scale linked electronic health records for women with singleton pregnancies in England and Wales from 1 August 2019 to 31 December 2021. This time period was divided at 8th December 2020 into pre-vaccination and vaccination roll-out eras. We calculated adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for common and rare pregnancy outcomes according to the time since COVID-19 diagnosis and vaccination and by pregnancy trimester and COVID-19 variant. Findings: Amongst 865,654 pregnant women, we recorded 60,134 (7%) COVID-19 diagnoses and 182,120 (21%) adverse pregnancy outcomes. COVID-19 diagnosis was associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes (adjusted HR 1.22, 95% CI 1.18–1.26), gestational hypertension (1.16, 1.10–1.22), pre-eclampsia (1.20, 1.12–1.28), preterm birth (1.63, 1.57–1.69, and 1.68, 1.61–1.75 for spontaneous preterm), very preterm birth (2.04, 1.86–2.23), small for gestational age (1.12, 1.07–1.18), thrombotic venous events (1.85, 1.56–2.20) and stillbirth (only within 14-days since COVID-19 diagnosis, 3.39, 2.23–5.15). HRs were more pronounced in the pre-vaccination era, within 14-days since COVID-19 diagnosis, when COVID-19 diagnosis occurred in the 3rd trimester, and in the original variant era. There was no evidence to suggest COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Instead, dose 1 of COVID-19 vaccine was associated with lower risks of preterm birth (0.90, 0.86–0.95), very preterm birth (0.84, 0.76–0.94), small for gestational age (0.93, 0.88–0.99), and stillbirth (0.67, 0.49–0.92). Interpretation: Pregnant women with a COVID-19 diagnosis have higher risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes. These findings support recommendations towards high-priority vaccination against COVID-19 in pregnant women. Funding: BHF, ESRC, Forte, HDR-UK, MRC, NIHR and VR.
Effects of Metabolic Syndrome on Pregnancy Outcomes in Women Without Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Context: Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of metabolic risk factors that predict cardiovascular disease. Previous studies suggested that MetS impaired clinical outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF). Objective: To evaluate the effects of MetS on IVF/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) outcomes in women without PCOS. Methods: This retrospective study collected 8539 eligible women without PCOS who came for their first cycle of IVF/ICSI to the Institute of Women, Children and Reproductive Health, Shandong University, from 2017 to 2020, including 1147 subjects in the MetS group and 7392 in the control group. The primary outcome was live birth. Secondary outcomes included other pregnancy outcomes and the risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Results: Women in the MetS group had a lower live birth rate (50.6% vs 54.9%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 0.87, 95% CI 0.75-1.00, P =. 045) and higher risks of late miscarriage (5.8% vs 3.3%, aOR 1.52, 95% CI 1.02-2.27, P =. 041), gestational diabetes mellitus (13.7% vs 7.0%, aOR 1.84, 95% CI 1.30-2.60, P =. 001), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (7.8% vs 3.5%, aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.14-2.83, P =. 012), and preterm birth (9.0% vs 4.4%, aOR 2.03, 95% CI 1.33-3.08, P =. 001). Singleton newborns in the MetS group were at higher risk of large for gestational age (33.3% vs 20.5%, aOR 1.66, 95% CI (1.31-2.13), P <. 001) but at lower risk of small for gestational age (2.7% vs 6.2%, aOR 0.48, 95% CI 0.25-0.90, P =. 023). Conclusion: MetS was associated with adverse IVF/ICSI outcomes in women without PCOS.
Interventions to mitigate pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity in Black birthing people: a systematic review; Objective: To conduct a systematic review of interventions to improve perinatal outcomes to mitigate pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity in Black birthing people. Data Sources: We searched 5 databases from 2000 through the final search date of April 5, 2023: Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature Plus with Full Text (EBSCOhost), Embase (Elsevier), PubMed, and Scopus (Elsevier) and ClinicalTrials.gov. Study Eligibility Criteria: Only quantitative studies were eligible including observational and randomized controlled trials. All participants in selected studies must identify as Black or study results must be stratified by race that includes Black birthing people. The study must (1) measure a perinatal outcome of interest (2) occur in the United States and (3) be written in the English language. Studies were excluded if they were published prior to 2000, not published in the English language, or did not meet the criteria above. Study Appraisal and Synthesis Methods: A data extraction template identified intervention type and perinatal outcome. Perinatal outcomes included but were not limited to: cardiovascular disorders, mortality, or preterm delivery. Interventions included: community programs, educational enhancement, individual counseling, medical intervention, or policy. Risk of bias was assessed using the Mixed Method Appraisal Tool. Three investigators assessed studies individually and group consensus was used for a final decision. Results: From 4,302 unique studies, 41 studies met inclusion criteria. Community programs such as the Supplemental Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC) and Healthy Start (n=17, 41.5%) were the most common interventions studied. Individual counseling closely followed (n=15, 36.6%). Medical interventions were not among the more commonly used intervention types (n=9, 21.9%). Most articles focused on preterm delivery (n=28, 68.3%). Few articles studied cardiovascular disorders (n=4, 9.8%) or hemorrhage (n=3, 7.3%). No articles studied pregnancy-related morbidity. Conclusions: Despite current conversations on Black maternal mortality, there is currently limited literature examining interventions addressing perinatal morbidity and mortality in Black birthing people in the United States. These interventions do not address how to mitigate perinatal outcomes of interest. Patient-centered outcomes research is warranted to better understand as well as to resolve inequities related to Black maternal health.
A PREGNANT WOMAN WITH PULMONARY ARTERIOVENOUS MALFORMATION PRESENTED FOR INDUCTION OF LABOR; SESSION TITLE: Lung Pathology Case Reports Posters (B) SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/07/2024 12:30 pm - 01:15 pm INTRODUCTION: Pulmonary arteriovenous malformations (PAVMs) are structurally abnormal vascular communications between pulmonary arteries and veins that range in size and complexity and provide an anatomic right-to-left shunt. There is underrecognition of PAVMs in clinical practice. PAVMs become more significant in pregnancy when they enlarge and rupture, leading to important maternal complications including hemoptysis, hemothorax and/or maternal death. Patients may be asymptomatic, have dyspnea on exertion or hypoxemia according to the degree of right to left shunt. PAVMs of any size increases the risk for paradoxical emboli that may cause ischemic strokes, myocardial infarction, cerebral and peripheral abscesses, discitis and migraines. The normal hormonal changes with pregnancy that lead to increased blood volume, vasodilation, increase cardiac output and lead to increased shunting and development of symptoms. We discuss the case of a young woman at term pregnancy with history of pAVM presenting for vaginal delivery and an evidenced-based review on best practices during delivery to avoid life threatening complications. CASE PRESENTATION: 30 y.o woman G2P1011 at 39 weeks gestation with chronic hypertension, PAVMs, gestational diabetes, history of SVT presented to labor and delivery suite for elective induction of labor. She denied shortness of breath, cough, chest pain or headache. Vital signs and oxygen saturation were normal. Laboratory data was only significant for normocytic anemia. Pulmonary was consulted as a part of the multidisciplinary team to determine the safest method of delivery. Her antenatal evaluation included referral to High Risk Obstetric Clinic, Maternal Fetal Medicine (MFM), Cardiology and Pulmonary. In view of worsening dyspnea on exertion during climbing stairs at 5 months gestation: 6 Minute Walk Test done was normal; CT scan showed multiple pulmonary AVMs with mild interval increase in size compared with prior imaging. (Figures 1, 2 & 3). After discussion with the patient and the multidisciplinary team, vaginal delivery was deemed to pose greater risk of pAVMs complications.and recommendation for cesarean section made. Patient subsequently had an uneventful cesarean section and postoperative course with the delivery of a healthy baby. DISCUSSION: Deterioration during pregnancy in pAVM is multifactorial, related to hormonal changes, increased cardiovascular demand, increased blood volume and cardiac output which can lead to worsening of right to left shunt. These physiological changes can also result in increased pulmonary blood flow that can lead to dilation and eventually rupture of thin walled pAVM. The majority of morbidity and mortality from pAVMs occur during the second, third trimester and in the intrapartum period with the most common complications reported being hemothorax and heart failure. Recommendations are to manage these patients as high risk pregnancies involving multidisciplinary team discussion to define optimal approach to decrease the risk of complications. Valsalva maneuver during labor will increase intrathoracic pressure with high probability of rupture in pAVM, hence the vaginal route is contraindicated.Treatment of pAVMs in pregnancy is usually deferred until after the postpartum period due to risks of radiation and preterm labor. CONCLUSIONS: This case highlights the need for greater awareness and understanding of pAVM in pregnancy and its attendant complications and management during delivery. REFERENCE #1: Shovlin CL, et al. Thorax 2017;72:1154–1163. doi:10.1136/thoraxjnl-2017-210764 REFERENCE #2: Cartin-Ceba R, Swanson KL, Krowka MJ. Pulmonary arteriovenous malformations. Chest 2013;144:1033-44. REFERENCE #3: Ng CSH, Manlulu AV, Lee TW, et al. Pulmonary hemorrhage from arteriovenous malformations: implications and management in pregnancy. Hong Kong J Gynaecol Obstet Midwifery 2011; 11: 67–72. Esplin MS, Varner MW. Progression of pulmonary arteriovenous malformation during pregnancy: case report and review of the literature. Obstet Gynecol Surv 1997; 52: 248–253. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Hala Boktor No relevant relationships by Alicia Thomas
DYSPNEA AND DISTRESS: MATERNAL RESPIRATORY COLLAPSE IN SEVERE PREECLAMPSIA IN THE POSTPARTUM PERIOD; SESSION TITLE: Pulmonary Manifestations Case Reports Posters (B) SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/07/2024 12:30 pm - 01:15 pm INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy and the peripartum state represent vulnerable phases, prompting comprehensive efforts to anticipate and proactively address potential complications, the most dreaded of which is pre-eclampsia. Awareness, early treatment, and prevention of possible end-organ damage are paramount. Significant emphasis is placed on neuroprotective mechanisms, induction of labor through magnesium therapy, and even mini-dose aspirin.In sharp contrast, there is decidedly less anticipation and knowledge in navigating sudden respiratory collapse in the same populace. Acute pulmonary edema, though rare, is a known devastating complication of pre-eclampsia and qualifies as a "severe feature" of the disease spectrum. It is postulated to complicate up to 8 per 10,000 pregnancies, most commonly in the immediate postpartum period. CASE PRESENTATION: A 39-year-old female, gravida 3 para 0-1-2 with history of chronic hypertension and gestational diabetes sent in at 34 weeks 3 days gestation was admitted for elective induction of labor due to concerns of SIPEC (superimposed pre-eclampsia) with severe features after reporting headache and high blood pressure readings at home. She was admitted, started on magnesium and administered Cytotec for induction. After noted fetal deceleration tracings, she underwent an uncomplicated caesarian section and was transferred to recovery. Six hours later, she developed sudden onset shortness of breath and chest pain.Vitally, she hypertensive (174/95 mmHg), tachycardic (HR 94 bpm), tachypneic (27/min) saturating 72% on ambient air. Arterial blood gas analysis revealed respiratory alkalosis with hypoxemia. Chest radiography showed bilateral alveolar infiltrates. Her oxygen requirements continued to escalate and was placed on high-flow nasal cannula oxygen and started on diuretics and broad spectrum antibiotics. ECG revealed sinus tachycardia with normal troponin level. Routine blood investigations (full blood count, liver and kidney function tests, serum electrolytes) were within normal limits. D-dimer (1700 ng·mL−1) and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) (3424 pg·mL−1) were elevated. Computed tomography (CT) of the thorax revealed bilateral alveolar consolidation without pulmonary embolism, transthoracic echocardiogram ruled out peripartum cardiomyopathy. With continued diuretic therapy, her respiratory status improved and repeat chest X-ray showed resolution of pulmonary opacities, supporting a diagnosis of pulmonary edema rather than an infectious etiology. DISCUSSION: Physiological changes in cardiac output in immediate postpartum aftermath includes a 60–80% increase in volume due to redistribution of blood flow from placental to maternal circulation with relief of the inferior vena cava obstruction by the fetus; this returns to pre-labor levels approximately 12 hours later and pre-pregnancy level by 2 weeks. Pulmonary edema will be precipitated if there is either a further augmentation in cardiac preload (such as infusion of fluids) or increased pulmonary capillary permeability (such as in pre-eclampsia) or both. CONCLUSIONS: Acute pulmonary edema is the main cardiovascular complication of severe preeclampsia -- occuring onlin in 3% of total cases, of which70% are postpartum. Awareness of the physiological mechanisms can perhaps lead to preventative measures such as judicious use of tocolytics and IV fluids antepartum and strict blood pressure control. Other risk fators include advanced maternal age, multiparity and chronic hypertension REFERENCE #1: Bokslag A, van Weissenbruch M, Mol BW, de Groot CJ. Preeclampsia; short and long-term consequences for mother and neonate. Early Human Development. 2016;102:47-50. REFERENCE #2: Bhorat I, Naidoo DP, Moodley J. Maternal cardiac haemodynamics in severe pre-eclampsia complicated by acute pulmonary oedema: a review. The Journal of Maternal-Fetal & Neonatal Medicine. 2016;30(23):2769-2777. REFERENCE #3: Vaught AJ, Kovell LC, Szymanski LM, Mayer SA, Seifert SM, Vaidya D et al. Acute cardiac effects of severe pre-eclampsia. Journal of the American College of Cardiology. 2018: 72(1):1-114 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Muhammad Abbas No relevant relationships by Faiza Chaudhary No relevant relationships by Natasha Garg No relevant relationships by Aizaaz Khan No relevant relationships by Tahmina Kushan No relevant relationships by Mohammad Raja No disclosure on file for Uzair Sherza No disclosure on file for Peyman Ziai
BREATHLESS INTRIGUE: UNRAVELING NEGATIVE PRESSURE PULMONARY EDEMA; SESSION TITLE: Critical Care Case Reports Posters (BN) SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2024 12:30 pm - 01:15 pm INTRODUCTION: Negative pressure pulmonary edema (NPPE) is a rare, yet potentially life-threatening complication primarily associated with general anesthesia. While any upper airway obstruction (UAO) can trigger NPPE, laryngospasm during intubation or in the postoperative period following anesthesia is the most reported cause in adults, constituting approximately 50% of NPPE cases [1]. The estimated incidence of NPPE in individuals experiencing acute UAO is around 12% [1]. However, the relationship between NPPE and obesity or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) remains uncertain and may surpass previous estimations due to scarce data in this population. Our case report aims to enhance awareness of this syndrome. CASE PRESENTATION: A 27-year-old female with a history of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and obesity (Body Mass Index of 44.9 kg/m2, neck circumference >40cm) presented for an elective bilateral laparoscopic salpingectomy. The patient was hemodynamically stable throughout the procedure. However, upon extubation, frothy sputum with a bloody tinge was noted. While in the post-anesthesia care unit, she exhibited hypoxemia, tachycardia, hypotension, and bilateral crackles on chest auscultation. Laboratory findings revealed leukocytosis, elevated d-dimer, and troponin levels. Chest x-ray indicated bilateral pulmonary edema. While pulmonary embolism was initially suspected, a CT angiogram ruled it out. Further investigations for pneumonia were negative. An echocardiogram showed mild to moderate pulmonary hypertension with peak estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure of 40-45 mmHg. Otherwise, normal heart anatomy and function. Subsequent chest x-rays showed improvement in bilateral pulmonary opacities. The patient experienced a full recovery and was discharged home. DISCUSSION: Negative pressure pulmonary edema (NPPE) is a non-cardiogenic form of pulmonary edema that can be life-threatening. It is typically triggered by acute airway obstruction. Most reported NPPE cases results from post-extubation laryngospasm following surgery [2]. While obesity as a primary trigger for NPPE is not extensively studied, it may contribute to airway collapse and increased negative pressure during inspiration. In our patient, we hypothesize that airway collapse from obesity and undiagnosed sleep apnea post-induction with transient laryngospasm post-extubation were the triggers. Possible relationships between obesity or OSA and NPPE have been reported previously [3,4]. Obesity may trigger NPPE due to smaller laryngeal areas, increasing negative pressure during inspiration. CONCLUSIONS: NPPE is an entity that needs to be suspected among anesthetized patients undergoing surgery. Our case report emphasizes that patients with obesity or OSA might be at increased risk for developing NPPE as a result of mechanical effects on the airway dynamics. Awareness is required to ensure timely intervention, especially in this patients’ population. REFERENCE #1: 1. Lemyze M, Mallat J. Understanding negative pressure pulmonary edema. Intensive care medicine. 2014;40:1140-1143. REFERENCE #2: 2. Udeshi A, Cantie SM, Pierre E. Postobstructive pulmonary edema. Journal of critical care. 2010;25(3):538. e1-538. e5. REFERENCE #3: 3. Rudman L, Chambi-Torres JB, Chohan F, Aftab M, Cao X, Michel G. A Complex Presentation of Acute Postoperative Negative-Pressure Pulmonary Edema: A Case Report and Review of Literature. Cureus. 2023;15(7). 4. Medford AR. Negative pressure pulmonary edema: consider undiagnosed obstructive sleep apnea too. Chest. 2012;141(5):1365. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Chelsea Brown No relevant relationships by Aressa Canuto Miller No relevant relationships by Joseph Casino No relevant relationships by Bolaji Durodola No relevant relationships by Nneoma Ekechukwu No relevant relationships by Ricardo Machado Carvalhais Speaker/Speaker's Bureau relationship with GSK Please note: approx 2016 to now by Michael Mandel, value=Consulting fee No relevant relationships by Dalia Zubidat
External validation and comparison of four prediction scores for severe maternal morbidity; Background: Severe maternal morbidity (SMM) is increasing in the United States. Several tools and scores exist to stratify an individual's risk of SMM. Objective: We sought to examine and compare the validity of four scoring systems for predicting SMM. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of all individuals in the Consortium on Safe Labor dataset, which was conducted from 2002 to 2008. Individuals were excluded if they had missing information on risk factors. SMM was defined based on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention excluding blood transfusion. Blood transfusion was excluded due to concerns regarding the specificity of International Classification of Diseases codes for this indicator and its variable clinical significance. Risk scores were calculated for each participant using the Assessment of Perinatal Excellence (APEX), California Maternal Quality Care Collaborative (CMQCC), Obstetric Comorbidity Index (OB-CMI), and modified OB-CMI. We calculated the probability of SMM according to the risk scores. The discriminative performance of the prediction score was examined by the areas under receiver operating characteristic curves and their 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). The area under the curve for each score was compared using the bootstrap resampling. Calibration plots were developed for each score to examine the goodness-of-fit. The concordance probability method was used to define an optimal cutoff point for the best-performing score. Results: Of 153, 463 individuals, 1115 (0.7%) had SMM. The CMQCC scoring system had a significantly higher area under the curve (95% CI) (0.78 [0.77–0.80]) compared to the APEX scoring system, OB-CMI, and modified OB-CMI scoring systems (0.75 [0.73–0.76], 0.67 [0.65–0.68], 0.66 [0.70–0.73]; P<.001). Calibration plots showed excellent concordance between the predicted and actual SMM for the APEX scoring system and OB-CMI (both Hosmer–Lemeshow test P values=1.00, suggesting goodness-of-fit). Conclusion: This study validated four risk-scoring systems to predict SMM. Both CMQCC and APEX scoring systems had good discrimination to predict SMM. The APEX score and the OB-CMI had goodness-of-fit. At ideal calculated cut-off points, the APEX score had the highest sensitivity of the four scores at 71%, indicating that better scoring systems are still needed for predicting SMM.
Serial Diurnal Salivary Cortisol Profiles in 667 Pregnant Women - Association With Cardiometabolic Complications; Context: Maternal obesity, hypertensive pregnancy disorders, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are linked to an increased risk of negative offspring health outcomes. This association may be mediated by maternal hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPA axis) activity, resulting in elevated maternal cortisol levels and fetal exposure, but evidence remains scarce. Objective: We (1) examined maternal diurnal cortisol profiles longitudinally across gestation, and (2) explored associations with maternal cardiometabolic complications. Methods: Women in the InTraUterine sampling in early pregnancy (ITU) study (n = 667) provided 7 salivary cortisol samples from awakening to bedtime up to 3 times during pregnancy (median gestational week 19.3, 25.7, and 38.1; n = 9356 samples). Changes in cortisol awakening response (CAR) and diurnal slope (indicative of HPA axis activity) and their associations with maternal body mass index (BMI), hypertensive pregnancy disorders and GDM were examined using linear mixed models. Results: The CAR declined in 60% to 67% of women, and the diurnal slope attenuated from early to late pregnancy (b = 0.006; P =. 001). Higher BMI was associated with less decline in CAR (b = 0.031; P =. 0004) and less attenuation in diurnal slope from early to late pregnancy (b = -0.001; P =. 006). Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and GDM were not significantly associated with diurnal cortisol profiles. Conclusion: The attenuation in CAR and diurnal slope support HPA axis hyporesponsivity during pregnancy. Less attenuation of both markers in women with a higher BMI may indicate reduced adaption of the HPA axis to pregnancy, presenting a mechanistic link to offspring health outcomes.
Effect of Breastfeeding Duration on Coagulation in Women With and Without History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Context: Breastfeeding is associated with a reduced maternal risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Objective: Since the underlying mechanisms are still poorly understood, we here examined the effect of breastfeeding on the plasmatic coagulation system in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 76 participants of the German Gestational Diabetes Study (PREG; NCT04270578) were examined 14 months (interquartile range [IQR], 12-26 months) after delivery with a 5-point oral glucose tolerance test. Global coagulation tests, prothrombotic coagulation proteins (FII/FVII/FVIII/FIX), antithrombotic proteins (antithrombin, protein C/S), and endothelial markers (von Willebrand factor and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1) were determined. The Framingham risk score was used to estimate the 10-year CV risk. The effect of breastfeeding duration on coagulation was analyzed using multivariable linear models. Results: The mean duration of breastfeeding was 11 months (IQR, 7-14 months). Overall, longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower CV risk (Framingham risk score; P =. 05) and was negatively associated with FIX (P =. 018). We detected an interaction between previous GDM and breastfeeding duration for FIX (PInteraction =. 017): Only in women with GDM history was the duration of breastfeeding negatively associated with FIX activity (P =. 016). This association persisted in statistical models adjusted for age, body mass index, insulin sensitivity, and C-reactive protein. The duration of breastfeeding was not associated with anticoagulant proteins and endothelial markers. Conclusion: Longer duration of breastfeeding is associated with lower CV risk and an improved coagulation profile. Women with GDM history appear to benefit particularly from prolonged breastfeeding.
Impaired microvascular insulin-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly greater lifetime risk of developing cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes compared with women who had an uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Microvascular endothelial dysfunction, mediated via reduced nitric oxide (NO)-dependent dilation secondary to increases in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy complicated by GDM. We examined whether this microvascular dysfunction reduces insulin-mediated vascular responses in women with a history of GDM. We assessed in vivo microvascular endothelium-dependent vasodilator function by measuring cutaneous vascular conductance responses to graded infusions of acetylcholine (10-10-10-1 M) and insulin (10-8-10-4 M) in control sites and sites treated with 15 mM l-NAME [NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester; NO-synthase (NOS) inhibitor] or 5 mM l-ascorbate. We also measured protein expression of total endothelial NOS (eNOS), insulin-mediated eNOS phosphorylation, and endothelial nitrotyrosine in isolated endothelial cells from GDM and HC. Women with a history of GDM had reduced acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation, and the NO-dependent responses to both acetylcholine (P = 0.006) and insulin (P = 0.006) were reduced in GDM compared with HC. Insulin stimulation increased phosphorylated eNOS content in HC (P = 0.009) but had no effect in GDM (P = 0.306). Ascorbate treatment increased acetylcholine (P < 0.001)- and insulin (P < 0.001)-mediated dilation in GDM, and endothelial cell nitrotyrosine expression was higher in GDM compared with HC (P = 0.014). Women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular vasodilation responses to insulin, and this attenuation is mediated, in part, by reduced NO-dependent mechanisms. Our findings further implicate increased endothelial oxidative stress in this microvascular insulin resistance.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at a greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. The mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that insulin-dependent microvascular responses are reduced in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose intolerance. This reduced microvascular sensitivity to insulin may contribute to increased cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes risk in these women.
Exploration of Fractional Flow Reservation Score Based on Artificial Intelligence Post-processing for Coronary Artery Lesions in Patients with Diabetes and Coronary Heart Disease; In order to evaluate the relationship between coronary heart disease (CHD) and fractional flow reservation (FFR) in patients with different levels of CHD and diabetes, this paper used AI (artificial intelligence) post-processing technology to detect CHD and FFR. In this paper, 94 patients suspected of CHD who underwent coronary arteriography (CAG) in a hospital between December 2022 and February 2023 were examined by coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) and FFR. Based on CCTA, AI software is used to process CCTA images, diagnose coronary plaques, coronary stenosis, corresponding stenosis of different types of plaques, and FFR values. The diagnostic performance of AI was evaluated using expert diagnosis, CAG diagnosis, and FFR examination results as the "gold standard". According to the diagnosis results, the relationship between FFR and CHD patients with diabetes at different levels was studied. The research results showed that AI image diagnosis has high sensitivity, specificity, and accuracy, and has good diagnostic effects on coronary plaques, coronary stenosis, stenosis corresponding to different types of plaques, and FFR values. The fasting blood glucose levels and FFR values of three groups of CHD patients were statistically significant, and correlation analysis revealed a negative correlation between the two. Using AI for CCTA diagnosis can efficiently, conveniently, and accurately obtain the required data, improving clinical diagnostic efficiency and accuracy. The analysis of AI recognition results found that in patients with CHD, the FFR value of patients with diabetes decreased, and the FFR value was negatively correlated with the fasting blood glucose concentration, indicating that CHD patients may lead to myocardial ischemia in the blood supply area due to the decline of their coronary blood flow reserve. CHD patients with diabetes are very common. It is known that high blood sugar can cause coronary artery damage. Many CHD patients with diabetes have complex angiopathy, so the advantages and disadvantages of stent placement should be carefully considered in clinical practice. CAG is currently the most commonly used examination method in clinical practice, and is considered the "gold standard" for imaging evaluation and diagnosis of CHD. FFR evaluates the blood flow status in the coronary artery by measuring the pressure inside the coronary artery, and determines whether it has changed based on its changes (i.e. functional assessment). Diabetes is closely related to CHD and is a risk factor of CHD. The range of vascular lesions in diabetes patients is very wide, which can involve capillaries to large arteries, thereby damaging their microvascular function [1]. McKenzie-Sampson Safyer studied whether gestational diabetes would increase the risk of cardiovascular disease after more than 20 years [2]. Piche Marie-Eve discussed the interaction between obesity type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease [3]. Li Jing studied the relationship between pregnancy diabetes and long-term risk of cardiovascular disease [4]. Petrie John R discussed the pathophysiological characteristics of common diseases of diabetes and hypertension and related vascular complications [5]. Kemps Hareld proposed a physical exercise program suitable for type 2 diabetes with cardiovascular disease by analyzing the clinical characteristics of type 2 diabetes with cardiovascular disease [6]. Sattar Naveed analyzed the mortality and cardiovascular disease results of patients with or without type 2 diabetes [7]. Using FFR to study diabetes with CHD can help coronary artery remodeling and provide new ideas and methods for clinical treatment. Coronary artery CCTA is the preferred examination method for screening and diagnosis of CHD. However, the large number of coronary artery CCTA images requires doctors to perform post-processing, which brings a lot of workload to doctors. Doctors are prone to visual fatigue, and it can also lead to doctors missing out on coronary artery stenosis (CAS) segments and misevaluating the degree of stenosis [8]. AI technology have advantages such as speed, efficiency, repeatability, quantification, and low cost. The use of AI technology can appropriately reduce the workload of doctors in medical imaging diagnosis, which helps drive doctors to improve workflow and reduce the probability of errors [9]. von Knebel Doeberitz Philipp L studied the diagnostic efficacy of combining plaque markers generated by CCTA with deep learning (DL) based blood reserve scores [10]. Zhou Zhen further reduced the contrast agent dose for whole aortic CT angiography imaging using the enhanced period consistent adversarial framework algorithm [11]. AI can be used to measure CAS, plaque and FFR on CCTA images. This paper used AI to process CCTA images to assist in the study of diabetes with CHD. This article selected 94 patients with suspected CHD and uses AI for CCTA image analysis. The expert diagnosis results were used as the "gold standard" to evaluate the effectiveness of AI in identifying coronary plaques; using the CAG results as the "gold standard", the effectiveness of AI in identifying CAS was evaluated; using expert diagnosis and CAG results as the "gold standard", the effectiveness of AI in identifying stenosis corresponding to different types of plaques was evaluated; the effectiveness of AI in identifying myocardial ischemia was evaluated using FFR measurement results as the "gold standard". Based on the above diagnostic results, the relationship between FFR and the difference of CHD in diabetes patients with CHD was studied, and the correlation between FFR and the difference of CHD was discussed.
Preeclampsia: A comprehensive review; Preeclampsia (PE) is a life-threatening disease of pregnancy and a prominent cause of neonatal and maternal mortality and morbidity. PE affects approximately 5–10% of pregnancies worldwide, posing significant risks to perinatal and maternal health. It is characterized by a variety of interconnected pathological cascades contributing to the stimulation of intravascular inflammation, oxidative stress (OS), endothelial cell activation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress that converge on a common pathway, ultimately resulting in disease progression. The present study was designed and executed to review the existing scientific literature, specifically focusing on the etiology (gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, maternal infection, periodontal disease, altered microbiome, and genetics), clinical presentations (hypertension, blood disorders, proteinuria, hepatic dysfunction, renal dysfunction, pulmonary edema, cardiac dysfunction, fetal growth restrictions, and eclampsia), therapeutic clinical biomarkers (creatinine, albuminuria, and cystatin C) along with their associations and mechanisms in PE. In addition, this study provides insights into the potential of nanomedicines for targeting these mechanisms for PE management and treatment. Inflammation, OS, proteinuria, and an altered microbiome are prominent biomarkers associated with progression and PE-related pathogenesis. Understanding the molecular mechanisms, exploring suitable markers, targeted interventions, comprehensive screening, and holistic strategies are critical to decreasing the incidence of PE and promoting maternal-fetal well-being. The present study comprehensively reviewed the etiology, clinical presentations, therapeutic biomarkers, and preventive potential of nanomedicines in the treatment and management of PE.
Combination of comprehensive thermal care and detail-oriented nursing care in the operating room for managing gestational diabetes mellitus; BACKGROUND As the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases, its impact on cesarean sections has attracted widespread attention. Omni-directional, insulated care and detailed care are of great significance in this patient population, as they can effectively improve the quality of care in the operating room. AIM To explore the effect of the integrated use of comprehensive thermal insulation. METHODS Women with GDM who underwent cesarean sections at our hospital between April 2023 and February 2024 were included in this retrospective study. The participants were randomly allocated to two groups: The observation and control groups. An all-around thermal insulation nursing strategy, including preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative temperature maintenance, was adopted. In addition, detailed nursing care measures, such as blood glucose monitoring, wound care, and psychological counseling, were implemented in the observation group. RESULTS Comparative observation revealed that all-around thermal insulation care can effectively prevent the incidence of maternal hypothermia caused by surgery, reduce the risk of infection, and promote blood circulation. The implementation of detailed care improved maternal satisfaction and reduced the incidence of complications via the appropriate management of fluctuations in the blood glucose levels and optimization of the nursing process before and after surgery according to the patient’s characteristics. CONCLUSION The application of a combination of comprehensive thermal insulation and detailed nursing care improved the overall quality of perioperative care.
Is there an association between glomerular hyperfiltration and coronary flow velocity reserve in patients with gestational diabetes history?; Glomerular hyperfiltration (GHF) is an early marker of chronic kidney disease (CKD) and may predict coronary microvascular dysfunction, presenting as reduced coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) in patients with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM). This study aimed to assess the glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and compare CFVR in patients with a history of GDM. We screened patients referred to the Cardiology Department of Istanbul Medeniyet University for angina pectoris, excluding those with positive treadmill test results. Women with a history of GDM were categorized into three groups based on GFR levels: Group 1 (60-89 ml/min), Group 2 (90-119 ml/min), and Group 3 (≥ 120 ml/min). Coronary diastolic peak velocities were measured at baseline and after dipyridamole administration, with CFVR defined as the ratio of hyperemic to baseline diastolic peak velocities. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and body mass index were derived from patient files. A total of 166 patients were included: 57 in Group 1, 80 in Group 2, and 29 in Group 3. HOMA-IR was higher in Group 3 compared to Group 2 (P < 0.05). Group 1 had the lowest CFVR (2.3 ± 0.3%), Group 2 had the highest (2.5 ± 0.3%), and Group 3 showed a moderate decrease in CFVR (2.4 ± 0.3%). Multivariate linear regression analysis revealed that HbA1c was independently associated with CFVR. In patients with GDM, GHF is associated with reduced CFVR, linked to metabolic parameters such as HbA1c and HOMA-IR. Interventions to improve metabolic health may prevent cardiovascular disease in these patients.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Moroccan women: systematic review and meta-analysis; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the major cause of disability and premature death. This is due to the ascending trend of consuming an unhealthy diet and obesity which increases the risk of hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The main aim of this review was to fill the knowledge gap by providing an up-to-date overview of the prevalence of CVD risk factors among women and to estimate the pooled prevalence among adolescent and pregnant women in Morocco. METHODS: The review included original cross-sectional studies reporting the prevalence of CVD risk factors in Moroccan women aged ≥ 15 years, published between January 2008 and December 2022. The databases searched included MEDLINE, Scopus, Web of Science, Google Scholar and national government publications (PROSPERO ID: CRD42023426809). RESULTS: Initially, 1471 articles were identified, and 76 studies were included. The most commonly reported CVD risk factor was obesity (reported in 56 studies), the prevalence of obesity varies according to the age groups of women with the rate being particularly high in urban women aged ≥ 35 years (ranging of 14-44.9%). Followed by diabetes (ranging from 7.2 to 12.6%) with a high rate in menopausal women. Hypertension prevalence ranged from 29.8 to 39.29%. Among adolescents, the overall prevalence of obesity was 3.15% (95% CI: 2.6%, 3.7%) and the prevalence of physical inactivity was 56.5% (95% CI: 36.9 - 76%). Among pregnant women, the overall prevalence of obesity was 26.8% (95% CI: 15.5 - 38.2%). Gestational diabetes and hypertension were 15.2% (95% CI: 6.3 - 24.1%) and 7.07% (95% CI: 2.5 - 11.6%), respectively. CONCLUSION: This review highlights the significant burden of CVD risk factors among Moroccan women, with a high prevalences of diabetes, obesity, hypertension. The prevalences of these risk factors varies with age, being notably higher in older age groups. These findings underscore the need for targeted public health interventions to address these risk factors. Future research should focus on longitudinal studies and standardized assessment tools to enhance the robustness of prevalence estimates and inform effective prevention strategies.
Nulliparous with Class III Obesity at Term: Labor Induction or Cesarean Delivery Without Labor; Objective To compare maternal and neonatal outcomes between labor induction versus CD without labor among nulliparous individuals with class III obesity (body mass index ≥ 40 kg/m2). Study design A retrospective cohort study of all nulliparous singleton deliveries ≥ 37 weeks with a BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2 at delivery between March 2020 and February 2022. We excluded individuals with spontaneous labor, fetal malformations, and stillbirths. The primary outcome was a composite of maternal mortality and morbidity, including infectious and hemorrhagic morbidity. The secondary outcome was a neonatal composite. A subgroup analysis evaluated patients with a body mass index ≥ 50 kg/m2. Another subgroup analysis compared outcomes between CD without labor and an indicated CD following induction. A multivariable logistic regression was applied. For adjustment, we used possible confounders identified in a univariate analysis. Results Among 8,623 consecutive deliveries during the study period, 308 (4%) met the inclusion criteria. Among them, 250 (81%) underwent labor induction, and 58 (19%) had a CD without labor. The most common indications for CD without labor were fetal malpresentation (26; 45%), suspected macrosomia (8; 14%), and previous myomectomy (5; 9%). Indicated CD occurred in 140 (56%) of the induced individuals, with the two leading indications being labor arrest (87; 62%) and non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing (51; 36%). The rates of composite maternal morbidity (aOR 2.14, 95% CI 0.64-7.13) and composite neonatal morbidity (aOR 3.62, 95% CI 0.42-31.19) did not differ following a CD without labor compared to labor induction. The subgroup analyses did not demonstrate different outcomes between groups. Conclusions Among nulliparous individuals with class III obesity at term who underwent induction, more than 50% had indicated CD; the rate of short term maternal and neonatal morbidity, however, did not differ between labor induction and CD without labor.
Evidence of a Bi-Directional Relationship between Arterial Stiffness and Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cohort Studies; BACKGROUND: There are numerous cross-sectional studies showing an association between arterial stiffness and diabetes, but the temporality of the association is unclear. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the temporal relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. METHODS: We searched MEDLINE and Embase from inception to 31 August 2023, to identify cohort studies that assessed whether arterial stiffness, as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV), was predictive of the development of diabetes and vice versa. We summarised study data, and where possible undertook meta-analysis. RESULTS: We identified 19 studies that included people with type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes. All 11 studies investigating arterial stiffness as a predictor of diabetes found a significant relationship. Six of those studies were suitable for meta-analysis. The risk of developing diabetes was greater in people with higher PWV at baseline than lower PWV (RR = 2.14, 95%CI 1.65 to 2.79, p < 0.00001) and the mean difference in baseline PWV was higher in people who developed diabetes than those who did not (mean difference: 0.77 m/s, 95%CI 0.47 to 1.06, p < 0.00001). Of 8 studies investigating diabetes as a predictor of arterial stiffness, 7 found a significant relationship. CONCLUSION: There is evidence of a bidirectional relationship between arterial stiffness and diabetes. Arterial stiffness may provide a causal link between diabetes and future cardiovascular disease.
All Children Deserve to Be Safe, Mothers Too: Evidence and Rationale Supporting Continuous Glucose Monitoring Use in Gestational Diabetes Within the Medicaid Population; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disease of pregnancy that threatens the health of several million women and their offspring. The highest prevalence of GDM is seen in women of low socioeconomic status. Women with GDM are at increased risk of adverse maternal outcomes, including increased rates of Cesarean section delivery, preeclampsia, perineal tears, and postpartum hemorrhage. However, of even greater concern is the increased risk to the fetus and long-term health of the child due to elevated glycemia during pregnancy. Although the use of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has been shown to reduce the incidence of maternal and fetal complications in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes, most state Medicaid programs do not cover CGM for women with GDM. This article reviews current statistics relevant to the incidence and costs of GDM among Medicaid beneficiaries, summarizes key findings from pregnancy studies using CGM, and presents a rationale for expanding and standardizing CGM coverage for GDM within state Medicaid populations.
Prenatal ultrasound screening and pregnancy outcomes in HIV-positive women in Germany: results from a retrospective single-center study at the Charité-Universitätsmedizin Berlin; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the rate of Mother-to-child-transmission (MTCT) in women living with HIV (WLWH) in a tertiary care institution. Furthermore, we aimed to assess prenatal ultrasound screening for fetal anomalies and outcomes in high-risk pregnancies due to maternal HIV infection.” Methods: In this single-center study, retrospective data related to pregnancy and childbirth were collected from 420 WLWH. All data were evaluated descriptively. Results: From January 2014 to December 2020, a total number of 420 pregnant WLWH delivered 428 newborns. 415 (98.8%) were receiving antiretroviral therapy (ART) and 88.8% had a viral load of < 50 cop/ml prior delivery. 46 (11%) of the newborns were born prematurely. Low birth weight < 2500 g occurred in 38 (9.1%) of the children. 219 (52.1%) caesarean sections (CS) were performed. The most frequent indication for an elective CS was a previous CS (70.2%). 8 severe malformations were detected using first and second trimester ultrasound. In one child, MTCT was detected postpartum, resulting in an HIV transmission rate of 0.2% in the presented cohort. Conclusions: The low rate of vertical HIV-transmission in our cohort of 0.2% is the result of interdisciplinary prenatal care and high experience of healthcare providers in treatment of WLWH. Despite high ART coverage and adherence, good maternal immune system and very low vertical HIV transmission rate, maternal HIV infection remains a challenge in obstetric care. First and second ultrasound screening should be a part of prenatal care for HIV-infected women and should also be offered to HIV-negative women. A reduction of the rate of unnecessary elective caesarean deliveries in WLWH is necessary to reduce complications in subsequent pregnancies.
Does decreased fetal growth estimation in the appropriate for gestational age range affect delivery outcomes?; Purpose: To study the effect of decreased estimated fetal weight (EFW) percentiles in appropriate for gestational age fetuses. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included women who had second and third trimester ultrasound examinations. Delivery and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies with decreased EFW of ≥ 30 percentiles in EFW between ultrasound examinations (decreased growth group) and those without such a decrease (control group) were compared. Deliveries with EFW or birthweight below the 10th percentile were excluded. Results: Among 1610 deliveries, 57 were in the decreased growth group and 1553 in the control group. Maternal characteristics did not differ between the groups except for higher rate of nulliparity in the decreased growth group. We found similar rates of Category II/III monitoring, cesarean deliveries due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate and adverse neonatal outcomes. Neonatal birthweight was lower in the decreased growth group as compared to controls. Conclusions: This study did not find association between the group of appropriate for gestational age fetuses with decreased growth, with adverse outcomes.
Early onset type 2 diabetes mellitus: an update; The incidence and prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in young individuals (aged <40 years) have significantly increased in recent years, approximating two to threefold increase in the respective rates. Numerous risk factors including severe obesity, family history, ethnicity, maternal diabetes or gestational diabetes, and female sex contribute to a younger age of onset. In terms of pathogenesis, impaired insulin secretion is the key operating mechanism, alongside with ectopic adiposity-related insulin resistance. T2DM diagnosis in a young adult requires the exclusion of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) and maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). The establishment of such diagnosis is critical for prognosis, because early-onset T2DM is associated with rapid deterioration in pancreatic β-cell secretory function leading to earlier initiation of insulin therapy. Furthermore, mortality and lifetime risk of developing complications, especially microvascular, is increased in these patients compared to both later-onset T2DM and T1DM patients; also, the latter are often developed earlier in the course of disease. The management of early-onset T2DM follows the same guidelines as in later-onset T2DM; yet patients aged 18–39 years are underrepresented in the big clinical trials on which the development of guidelines is based. Finally, young people with T2DM face significant challenges associated with social determinants, which compromise their adherence to therapy and induce diabetes distress. Future research focusing on the pathogenesis of β-cell decline and complications, as well as on specific treatment shall lead to better understanding and management of early-onset T2DM.
Perinatal outcomes according to umbilical artery Doppler assessment among fetuses with congenital heart disease; Purpose: To evaluate a cohort of fetuses with congenital heart disease (CHD) who underwent serial umbilical artery (UA) Doppler surveillance and assess perinatal outcome according to UA Doppler assessment. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of singleton fetuses with CHD at a single academic center was performed between 2018 and 2020. Fetuses with a chromosomal abnormality or growth restriction were excluded. We compared fetuses with normal versus abnormal UA Doppler assessment at any time in pregnancy. Abnormal UA Doppler assessment was defined as decreased end diastolic flow, determined by an elevated systolic/diastolic ratio >95th percentile for gestational age, or absent/reversed end diastolic flow. Logistic regression assessed the odds of fetuses with CHD and abnormal UA Doppler assessment having a composite adverse perinatal (defined as fetal, neonatal, or infant death), adjusting for relevant covariates. Results: We identified a cohort of 171 fetuses with CHD that met inclusion criteria. Of these, 154 (90%) had normal UA Doppler assessment and 17 (10%) had abnormal UA Doppler assessment throughout pregnancy. Maternal characteristics did not differ between groups except for maternal race and history of preeclampsia. There was no statistically significant difference in primary outcome between groups [14% (21/154) of fetuses with normal UA Doppler assessment had an adverse perinatal outcome compared to 24% (4/17) of those with abnormal UA Doppler assessment, p = 0.28]. Conclusion: UA Doppler assessment is unlikely to predict adverse perinatal outcome in normally grown, euploid singleton fetuses with CHD.
Does the combination of four OGTT values enhance the prediction of adverse pregnancy outcomes? Insights from a retrospective cohort study; Aim: To explore the correlation between a singular value of additive OGTT scores and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We postulated that a higher additive OGTT score would predict poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, data were collected from all women with a documented complete OGTT result and subsequent diagnosis of GDM. The additive OGTT score was calculated by adding each individual hourly glucose measurement. Maternal demographics, pregnancy and labor characteristics, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the lower-sum and higher-sum OGTT groups. A multivariate regression analysis was performed to identify confounders associated with adverse outcomes. Results: In this study, a total of 1497 patients were assessed. The group with higher-sum OGTT scores was characterized by increased rates of GDMA2 (p = 0.008), higher insulin doses (p = 0.009), and higher rates of composite maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes (p = 0.021 and p = 0.030, respectively) compared to the lower-sum OGTT group. Conclusion: The additive OGTT score may aid in predicting the need for insulin treatment, labor course, and neonatal outcomes in GDM patients.
Idiopathic intracranial hypertension and obstetric and neonatal outcomes: A 1:20 matched study from a population database; Objective: Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH), also known as pseudotumor cerebri, is a common pathology in reproductive-aged women, although data regarding pregnancy outcomes are scarce. In the present study, we aimed to compare pregnancy and perinatal outcomes between women who suffered from IIH to those who did not. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample. All pregnant women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included. Women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of IIH before or during pregnancy were matched to controls without IIH according to age, race, insurance type, and income quartile, in a 1:20 ratio. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Results: Overall, 9 096 788 deliveries were identified. Of these, 1454 women (0.016%) had a diagnosis of IIH (study group) and were compared to 29 080 women without IIH (control group). Women with IIH, compared to those without, were more likely to be obese (body mass index >30 kg/m2) and suffer from pregestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension (P < 0.001, all). After adjusting for confounders, patients in the IIH group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.82, 95% CI: 1.57–2.1, P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (aOR 1.98, 95% CI: 1.61–2.45, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (aOR 1.88, 95% CI: 1.59–2.23, P < 0.001), CD (aOR 2.41, 95% CI: 2.12–2.73, P < 0.001), wound complications (aOR 3.2, 95% CI: 1.89–5.42, P < 0.001), and congenital anomalies (aOR 2.18, 95% CI: 1.4–3.4, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with IIH had a higher incidence of obstetrical complications, including preterm deliveries, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and congenital anomalies.
Prostaglandin E-induced polycyclic cutaneous eruption with geometric features; Prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) is a substance produced by the patent ductus arteriosus that keeps it open. PGE1 can be a lifesaving drug for infants born with ductus-dependent congenital heart disease (CHD) where there is a block of blood flow to the lungs or transposition of great arteries. We present a case of a 36-week, 2-day gestation neonate with CHD who developed bright erythematous annular and polycyclic patches on day 2 of PGE1 administration. When PGE1 dosing was decreased, the rash resolved on its own. Our case demonstrates that PGE1 treatment may not need to be interrupted.
Use of Sotrovimab in Pregnancy: Experiences from the COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry; Introduction: Available data regarding the safety and efficacy of sotrovimab in pregnant patients remain limited due to their exclusion from clinical trials. Methods : The COVID-19 International Drug Pregnancy Registry (COVID-PR) was established to gather comprehensive safety data from pregnant women who have received monoclonal antibody (mAb) or antiviral treatments for mild, moderate, or severe coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) during pregnancy. Participants actively contributed self-reported data concerning their COVID-19 symptoms, in addition to sociodemographic and health-related characteristics. Obstetric, neonatal, and infant outcomes were also documented, with follow-up extending up to 12 months after childbirth. Results: As of 30 November 2023, sotrovimab was administered to 39 participants enrolled in the COVID-PR. At the time of this report, 26 participants had given birth, with nine deliveries performed via cesarean section. The infants’ birthweight ranged from 2381 g to 4762 g, with a mean of 3439.91 g. Twenty-five infants were born at ≥37 weeks. A total of 31 adverse events (AEs) were reported by 12 participants. The most frequently reported AE was gestational hypertension, observed in three participants. COVID-19 re-infection, fatigue, gestational diabetes, headache, and morning sickness were each reported by two participants. Of the reported AEs, eight (in five participants) were classified as serious, including four AEs (prolonged labor, pre-eclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature labor) that affected pregnancy. Seven of these eight serious AEs (SAEs) were found to be unrelated to sotrovimab, with one event (urinary retention) not assessable. A total of 44 AEs were reported in 19 delivered infants or in utero fetuses. The most common were COVID-19 (n = 6 events), ear infection (n = 5 events), neonatal dyspnea (n = 3 events), and respiratory syncytial virus infection (n = 3 events). Sixteen AEs (in 11 infants/fetuses) were classified as serious, including one report each of fetal cardiac disorder, congenital ankyloglossia, persistent right umbilical vein, and congenital hydronephrosis; the latter was considered a major congenital malformation. For all assessable SAEs, causality of sotrovimab treatment was ruled out based on lack of a temporal relationship alone or in combination with absence of a plausible mechanism. Conclusion: A sizable proportion of sotrovimab-treated participants in the COVID-PR had underlying medical conditions associated with an increased risk of severe COVID-19. None of the assessable SAEs were considered to be related to sotrovimab treatment.
Analysis of Maternal and Fetal Oxidative Stress During Delivery with Epidural Analgesia; Childbirth is a stressful event for mothers, and labor epidural analgesia (LEA) may reduce mental stress. Mental stressors include labor pain, fear, and anxiety, which induce oxidative stress. In this study, we focused on oxidative stress during delivery and conducted a cross-sectional analysis of maternal and fetal oxidative stress. The participants included 15 women who received LEA (LEA group) and 15 who did not (No LEA group). Participants with a gestational age of < 37 weeks, BMI of ≥ 35 kg/m2, cerebrovascular or cardiovascular complications, multiple pregnancies, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, thyroid disease, birth weight of < 2,500 g, emergency cesarean section, or cases in which epidural anesthesia was re-administered during delivery were excluded from the study. Maternal blood was collected on admission, and immediately after delivery, and umbilical artery blood was collected from the fetus. The oxidative stress status was assessed by measuring diacron-reactive oxygen metabolite (an index of the degree of lipid peroxide oxidation), biological antioxidant potential (an index of antioxidant capacity) and calculating the ratio of BAP/d-ROMs (an index of the oxidative stress). The results showed that maternal oxidative stress immediately after delivery was lower in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Moreover, the fetuses experienced less oxidative stress in the LEA group than in the No LEA group. Taken together, these results suggest that LEA may reduce maternal and fetal oxidative stress associated with childbirth.
Risk of cardiovascular events after gestational diabetes: a retrospective population study; Aims: To investigate whether the risk for post-partum cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is driven by gestational diabetes (GDM), by GDM-related risk factors and/or by pre-gestational (Pre-GD) or post-gestational diabetes (Post-GD). Methods: Women delivering in Tuscany, Italy in years 2010–2012 (n = 74,720), were identified from certificates of care at delivery and further identified as affected with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD through regional administrative databases. Women with GDM, Pre-GD or Post-GD were retrospectively evaluated for risk of post-partum hospitalizations for CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke; n = 728) across years 2013–2021, comparing women with different forms of diabetes to those without diabetes. Risk of CVD was assessed as odds ratio (OR 95% CI), after logistic multivariate models, considering all recorded pre-gestational characteristics as covariates. Results: The adjusted OR (aOR) for post-partum CVD hospitalizations was not significantly related to GDM itself (aOR: 0.85; 0.64–1.12; p = ns), but increased in women with Pre-GD (aOR: 2.02; 1.09–3.71; p = 0.024) and Post-GD, associated or not to prior GDM (aOR; 4.21; 2.45–7.23 and respectively aOR: 3.80; 2.38–6.05; p < 0.0001 for both). In presence of pre-pregnancy maternal obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) the aOR of CVD approximatively doubled (aOR: 1.90; 1.51–2.40); p < 0.0001, independently of GDM and of Post-GD. The adjusted risk of CVD was lower among employed women (aOR: 0.83; 0.70–0.99); p = 0.04 and significantly higher in presence of poorer education levels (aOR: 1.32; 1.11–1.57); p < 0.0001. Conclusion: In this population the risk of post-partum CVD was driven by Pre- and Post-GD, not by GDM alone. Pre-gestational obesity represented a major independent risk factor for post-partum CVD.
Correlation between types of ventricular septal defect and chromosomal abnormalities in low-risk non-invasive prenatal testing; Purpose: The aim of this study was to examine whether there is a correlation between different types of ventricular septal defects (VSD) and chromosomal abnormalities in the low-risk setting of non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) and to evaluate the prognosis of fetuses with varying types of VSD. Methods: Cases of pregnant women who underwent amniocentesis due to fetal VSD were collected by Tianjin Central Hospital of Obstetrics and Gynecology from May 2017 to May 2022. Exclusions were made for those without NIPT, with high-risk NIPT results, genetic disorders, and those lost to follow-up. Data collected included ultrasound classification of VSD, prenatal NIPT results, copy-number variations (CNVs) results, and neonatal outcomes. Results: The prevalence of pathogenic CNVs was investigated in 74 cases of VSDs. Of these cases, 45 were isolated VSDs (9 muscular and 36 non-muscular) and 29 were non-isolated VSDs (10 with intracardiac and 19 with extra-cardiac structural anomalies). The results revealed that the incidence of pathogenic CNVs was lower in isolated VSDs compared to non-isolated VSDs in a low-risk NIPT condition (χ2 = 9.344, P = 0.002). There was no significant difference in the prevalence of pathogenic CNVs between VSDs with intracardiac and extra-cardiac structural anomalies (P = 0.541). Moreover, VSDs associated with intracardiac structural anomalies had the highest rate of surgical intervention. Conclusion: When NIPT is low-risk and VSD is isolated, the likelihood of fetal chromosomal defects is not increased. However, if there are intra- or extra-cardiac structural abnormalities present alongside VSD, the possibility of pathogenic CNV is considerably greater, necessitating invasive prenatal diagnosis. Isolated muscular VSDs usually do not require surgery, which can be used as a basis for prenatal counseling regarding fetal VSD.
Impairments of insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Chinese women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To evaluate insulin and glucagon sensitivity in Han Chinese women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In total, 81 women with GDM and 81 age-matched healthy controls were evaluated with a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at gestational weeks 24-28. Plasma glucose concentrations were measured at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT. Fasting plasma insulin, glucagon and amino acids were also measured. Insulin and glucagon sensitivity were assessed by the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and glucagon-alanine index, respectively. Results: As expected, plasma glucose concentrations were higher at fasting and 1 h and 2 h post-OGTT in GDM participants (p <.001 each). Both the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index were higher in GDM participants. There was a weak positive correlation between HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index (r = 0.24, p =.0024). Combining the HOMA-IR and the glucagon-alanine index yielded better capacity (area under the curve = 0.878) than either alone (area under the curve = 0.828 for HOMA-IR and 0.751 for glucagon-alanine index, respectively) in differentiating GDM from healthy participants. While the majority of GDM participants (64%) exhibited both reduced insulin and glucagon sensitivity, a third of them presented either reduced insulin (20%) or glucagon (14%) sensitivity alone. HOMA-IR and glucagon-alanine index correlated differentially with fasting glucose, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, sum of amino acids and hepatic steatosis index. Conclusions: Impairments of both insulin and glucagon sensitivity occur frequently in Chinese women with GDM, which may, individually or together, drive metabolic derangements in GDM. These observations provide new insights into the pathophysiology of GDM and support the need to target insulin or glucagon resistance, or both, in the management of GDM.
Maternal and perinatal infectious morbidity in term prelabor rupture of membrane according to two induction of labor protocols; Purpose: The optimal labor-induction protocol in women with prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM) is unknown. Whether the management of women with a previous cesarean delivery (CD) with PROM is different remains controversial. We investigated maternal and perinatal outcomes according to two induction protocols of 24 h vs. 12 h. Methods: In July 2021, our protocol of induction of labor in term-PROM was extended from 12 h to 24 h post-PROM. We compared obstetrical and neonatal outcomes before and after the change. A subgroup analysis of women with previous CD was performed. Results were compared using a univariate analysis. A multivariable model was described to predict neonatal intensive care unit admission (NICU) and clinical chorioamnionitis. Results: The 24 h and 12 h ROM-to-induction protocol groups included 962 and 802 women, respectively. In the 24 h group, a higher proportion of women labored spontaneously (p < 0.001), the rate of chorioamnionitis was higher (p = 0.017), and the CD rate was similar. Admission to the NICU (p = 0.012), antibiotic administration (p = 0.003), and respiratory distress (p = 0.002) were also greater in the 24 h induction group. Among women with a history of CD (n = 143), the need for oxytocin (p = 0.003) and delivery by CD (p = 0.016) were lower in the 24 vs. 12 h group. Conclusion: Our results advocate shared decision-making in the expectant management of term-PROM. Women should be informed of the lower chance for induction and the higher risk of infections and neonatal complications with a 24-h induction approach. Longer expectant management in women with a previous CD resulted in significantly lower induction and CD rates.
Obstetric and perinatal outcomes in women with cerebrovascular accident vs. transient ischemic attack: an evaluation of a population database; Purpose: Cerebrovascular accidents (CVAs) and transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) are uncommon neurologic events in women of childbearing age. We aimed to compare pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between women who suffered from a CVA and those who experienced a TIA. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study was performed using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Included were all pregnant women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US between 2004 and 2014. We compared women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of a CVA before or during pregnancy to those diagnosed with a TIA before, during the pregnancy, or during the delivery admission. Pregnancy and perinatal outcomes were compared between the two groups, using multivariate logistic regression to control for confounders. Results: Among 9,096,788 women in the database, 898 met the inclusion criteria. Of them, 706 women (7.7/100,000) had a CVA diagnosis, and 192 (2.1/100,000) had a TIA diagnosis. Women with a CVA, compared to those with a TIA, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 3.82,95%CI 2.14–6.81, p < 0.001); preeclampsia (aOR 2.6,95%CI 1.3–5.2, p = 0.007), eclampsia (aOR 13.78,95% CI 1.84–103.41, p < 0.001); postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 4.52,95%CI 1.31–15.56, p = 0.017), blood transfusion (aOR 5.57,95%CI 1.65–18.72, p = 0.006), and maternal death (54 vs. 0 cases, 7.6% vs. 0%), with comparable neonatal outcomes. Conclusion: Women diagnosed with a CVA before or during pregnancy had a higher incidence of myriad maternal complications, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage, and death, compared to women with a TIA diagnosis, with comparable neonatal outcomes, stressing the different prognoses of these two conditions, and the importance of these patients’ diligent follow-up and care.
Association of Changes in A1C Following Continuous Glucose Monitoring Acquisition in People with Sub-Optimally Treated Type 2 Diabetes Taking GLP-1 RA Therapy; Introduction: Both glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) improve glycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, it is unknown whether adding CGM to GLP-1 RA therapy further improves A1c. We evaluated changes in A1c levels 6 months after initiation of FreeStyle Libre (FSL) in adults with sub-optimally controlled T2D already on GLP-1 RA therapy. Methods: This retrospective, observational study used Optum’s de-identified Market Clarity Data, a linked electronic health record-claims database to assess changes in A1c after FSL acquisition. Inclusion criteria were T2D diagnosis, ≥ 18 years, baseline A1c ≥ 8%, with the first FSL acquisition between 2018 and 2022. Patients were required to be on GLP-1 RA prior to FSL with at least one GLP-1 RA prescription within 90 days of FSL acquisition. GLP-1 RA initiation was defined as the earliest GLP-1 RA prescription from 2017 onwards. Paired changes in A1c were assessed at 6 months after initial FSL acquisition. Results: The study cohort included 1454 adults with T2D (age 55 ± 10 years, 52% male, 38% with intensive insulin therapy, median 471 days from GLP-1 RA initiation to FSL, and baseline A1c 9.8 ± 1.5%). After FSL acquisition, patients experienced an A1c decrease of 1.5 ± 1.9% (p < 0.001). Patients with a baseline A1c > 10% had the largest reduction (n = 497, − 2.7 ± 2.2%, p < 0.001). Significant improvements were observed in subgroups based on insulin therapy and GLP-1 RA formulation. Those initiating GLP-1 RA therapy > 24 months before FSL acquisition also showed improvements in A1c (n = 478; − 1.3 ± 1.7%, p < 0.001). Conclusions : In a large, real-world study of adults with T2D, those on prior GLP-1 RA therapy experienced significant A1c improvements after acquiring FSL, irrespective of GLP-1 RA duration, GLP-1 RA formulation, or insulin therapy type. These findings support the use of FSL in adults with T2D treated with GLP-1 RA.
Maternal mortality due to obstetric hemorrhage by surgical injury during cesarean section: A nationwide study; Introduction: Obstetric hemorrhage remains a largely preventable cause of maternal mortality globally. The contribution of uterine atony to hemorrhage-related maternal mortality has decreased in France, while the contribution of other causes of obstetric hemorrhage such as surgical injury during cesarean has been reported to increase. However, little evidence exists regarding the risk factors and care processes of women who died from this cause of hemorrhage. Therefore, we aimed to describe the clinical profile, underlying mechanisms, and preventability factors among women who died from obstetric hemorrhage by surgical injury during cesarean section. Material and Methods: Nationwide analysis of all hemorrhage-related maternal deaths by surgical injury during cesarean in France identified by the nationwide permanent enhanced maternal mortality surveillance system (ENCMM) between 2007 and 2018. We described the characteristics of the women, delivery hospitals, circumstances of hemorrhage, features of obstetric and resuscitation/transfusion care, and main preventability factors. Results: Between 2007 and 2018, hemorrhage-related maternal mortality in France decreased from 1.6/100 000 live births (95% CI 1.1–2.2) (39/2 472 650) in 2007–2009 to 0.8/100 000 live births (95% CI 0.5–1.3) (19/2 311 783) in 2016–2018. Hemorrhage-related maternal mortality ratio due to surgical injury during cesarean increased from 0.08 (95% CI 0.01–0.3) (2/2 472 650) to 0.2 (95% CI 0.07–0.5) (5/2 311 783) per 100 000 live births. Among the 18 women who died from surgical injury during cesarean over the 12-year study period, we report a high prevalence of obesity (67%, 12/18), previous cesarean (72%, 13/18), and second-stage cesareans (56%, 10/18). In 22% (4/18), cesarean section was performed in a hospital providing <1000 births annually, with no blood bank (39%, 7/18) or no adult intensive care (44%, 8/18) on-site. Overall preventability of deaths was 94% (17/18). Main preventability factors were related to delay in hemorrhage diagnosis (77%, 14/18) due to late recognition of abnormal parameters (33%, 6/18) and late bedside ultrasound (56%, 10/18), and delay in management due to insufficient surgical skills (56%, 10/18). Conclusions: In France, surgical injury during cesarean section is an increasing, largely preventable contributor to hemorrhage-related maternal mortality, as other causes of fatal hemorrhage have become less frequent. The profile of these women showed a high prevalence of obesity, previous cesarean, second-stage cesarean, and delivery in hospitals with limited medical and surgical resources, which suggests explanatory mechanisms for the fatal outcome and opportunities for prevention.
Can short- and long-term maternal and infant risks linked to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy be reduced by therapy?; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), especially preeclampsia, and diabetes during pregnancy pose significant risks for both maternal and infant health, extending to long-term outcomes such as early-onset cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Current strategies for managing HDP focus on screening, prevention, surveillance, and timely intervention. No disease-modifying therapies exist so far for established preeclampsia; delivery remains the definitive resolution. Preventive measures—including early pregnancy screening, exercise, and low-dose aspirin—show promise. Antihypertensive treatments reduce severe hypertension risks, whereas magnesium sulfate remains the standard for preventing eclampsia. Planned delivery from gestational week 37 can balance maternal benefits and neonatal risks in women with established preeclampsia. Delivery between 34 and 37 weeks gestation in women with preeclampsia has to balance risks for mother and infant. Lifestyle interventions—particularly diet and physical activity—are pivotal in managing gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. The oral antidiabetic metformin has shown benefits in glycaemic control and reducing maternal weight gain, although its long-term effects on offspring remain uncertain. The safety of other peroral antidiabetics in pregnancy is less studied. Advancements in glucose monitoring and insulin administration present encouraging prospects for enhancing outcomes in women with diabetes types 1 and 2. Both HDP and diabetes during pregnancy necessitate vigilant management through a combination of lifestyle modifications, pharmacological interventions, and timely obstetric care. Although certain treatments such as low-dose aspirin and metformin show efficacy in risk reduction, further research is ongoing to ensure safety for both mothers and their offspring to reduce short- and long-term adverse effects.
Prevalence of Comorbidities among Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus in Saudi Population; Objective: This study sought to quantify the link between low density lipoprotein (LDL) and cholesterol, glycemic control as measured by Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level, and the impact of weight changes on subsequent risk of chronic heart disease in type-2 diabetes mellitus patients. Methods: This study was conducted at Primary Care Clinics from April to September 2023. The data were retrieved from the e-SiHi (a patient care management system). Appropriate parametric tests and non-parametric analysis were applied following the normality of the data. Results: In diabetes mellitus (DM) patients, the Pearson correlation between the cholesterol and LDL relationship was found to be strongly positive and statistically significant (r = .877, p <.001). HbA1c and cholesterol were moderately positive and statistically significant (r =.330, p =.003). Pearson correlation between DM and weight was found to be positive and statistically significant (r =.212, p =.05). Chi-square analysis showed an association of DM with Hypertension, and this association was also significant; X2 (1, n = 83; 11.877; P <.001). Conclusion: Diabetes mellitus regardless of gender, has a strong association with hypertension and weight gain. In DM patients, cholesterol and HbA1c are positively correlated. There is a strong need that primary care physicians should persistently advise for lifestyle changes in all their consultations with DM patients.
Long-term Neurobehavioral and Metabolic Outcomes in Offspring of Mothers With Diabetes During Pregnancy: A Large, Population-Based Cohort Study in Ontario, Canada; OBJECTIVE Offspring of women with diabetes are at increased risk of developing neurobehavioral and cardiometabolic disorders, but there is scant evidence regarding the association between glycemic level during pregnancy and these long-term offspring outcomes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based, cohort study of deliveries in Ontario between April 1991 and March 2018. Women had preexisting diabetes, gestational diabetes, or no diabetes. We applied a Cox proportional hazard model to examine the risk of developing attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring and assessed the association between pregnancy HbA1c levels and risk of outcomes, adjusting for confounders. RESULTS A total of 3,407,961 mother-infant pairs were followed up to 29 years. Using a Cox proportional hazard model, offspring of women with type 1 diabetes had the highest risk of ADHD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.43 [95% CI 1.36–1.49]), ASD (aHR 1.94 [1.80–2.09]), diabetes (aHR 4.73 [4.34–5.16]), hypertension (aHR 2.32 [2.07–2.61]), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) (aHR 1.72 [1.56–1.90]), followed by offspring of women with type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes compared with those unexposed. Among women with preexisting diabetes, there was an association between level of pregnancy HbA1c and offspring diabetes (aHR 1.22 [95% CI 1.12–1.32]), hypertension (aHR 1.42 [1.29–1.57]), and CVD (aHR 1.20 [1.11–1.29]) but no statistically significant association with neurobehavioral outcomes. CONCLUSIONS In utero exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with an increase in ADHD, ASD, and cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring, with differences seen across diabetes subtypes. Pregnancy glycemia was associated with cardiometabolic outcomes, but not neurobehavioral outcomes, and provides a potentially modifiable risk factor to decrease cardiometabolic outcomes in offspring.
Massachusetts Medicaid ACO Program May Have Improved Care Use And Quality For Pregnant And Postpartum Enrollees; Value-based care models, such as Medicaid accountable care organizations (ACOs), have the potential to improve access to and quality of care for pregnant and postpartum Medicaid enrollees. We leveraged a natural experiment in Massachusetts to evaluate the effects of Medicaid ACOs on quality-of-care-sensitive measures and care use across the prenatal, delivery, and postpartum periods. Using all-payer claims data on Medicaid-covered live deliveries in Massachusetts, we used a difference-in-differences approach to compare measures before (the first quarter of 2016 through the fourth quarter of 2017) and after (the third quarter of 2018 through the fourth quarter of 2020) Medicaid ACO implementation among ACO and non-ACO patients. After three years of implementation, the Medicaid ACO was associated with statistically significant increases in the probability of a timely postpartum visit, postpartum depression screening, and number of all-cause office visits in the prenatal and postpartum periods, with no changes in severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, postpartum glucose screening, or prenatal or postpartum emergency department visits. Changes in cesarean deliveries were inconclusive. Results suggest that implementing Medicaid ACOs in the thirty-eight states without them could improve maternal health care outpatient engagement, but alone it may be insufficient to improve maternal health outcomes.
Maternal Exposure to Tap Water Disinfection By-Products and Risk of Selected Congenital Heart Defects; Background: The use of chlorine to treat drinking water produces disinfection by-products (DBPs), which have been associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) in some studies. Methods: Using National Birth Defects Prevention Study data, we linked geocoded residential addresses to public water supply measurement data for DBPs. Self-reported water consumption and filtration methods were used to estimate maternal ingestion of DBPs. We estimated adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals using logistic regression controlling for maternal age, education, body mass index (BMI), race/ethnicity, and study site to examine associations between CHDs and both household DBP level and estimated ingestion of DBPs. Results: Household DBP exposure was assessed for 2717 participants (1495 cases and 1222 controls). We observed a broad range of positive, null, and negative estimates across eight specific CHDs and two summary exposures (trihalomethanes and haloacetic acids) plus nine individual DBP species. Examining ingestion exposure among 2488 participants (1347 cases, 1141 controls) produced similarly inconsistent results. Conclusions: Assessing both household DBP level and estimated ingestion of DBPs, we did not find strong evidence of an association between CHDs and DBPs. Despite a large study population, DBP measurements were available for less than half of participant addresses, limiting study power.
Standardization of coding definitions for sickle cell disease complications: A systematic literature review; Purpose: Sickle cell disease (SCD) affects all organ systems and is characterized by numerous acute and chronic complications and comorbidities. Standardized codes are needed for complications/comorbidities used in real-world evidence (RWE) studies that rely on administrative and medical coding. This systematic literature review was conducted to produce a comprehensive list of complications/comorbidities associated with SCD, along with their diagnosis codes used in RWE studies. Methods: A search in MEDLINE and Embase identified studies published from 2016 to 2023. Studies were included if they were conducted in US SCD populations and reported complications/comorbidities and respective International Classification of Diseases, Clinical Modification (ICD-CM) codes. All identified complications/comorbidities and codes were reviewed by a certified medical coding expert and hematologist. Results: Of 1851 identified studies, 39 studies were included. The most reported complications/comorbidities were stroke, acute chest syndrome, pulmonary embolism, venous thromboembolism, and vaso-occlusive crisis. Most of the studies used ICD-9-CM codes (n = 21), while some studies used ICD-10-CM codes (n = 3) or both (n = 15), depending on the study period. Most codes reported in literature were heterogeneous across complications/comorbidities. The medical coding expert and hematologist recommended modifications for several conditions. Conclusion: While many studies we identified did not report their codes and were excluded from this review, the studies with codes exhibited diverse coding definitions. By providing a standardized set of diagnosis codes that were reported by studies and reviewed by a coding expert and hematologist, our review can serve as a foundation for accurately identifying complications/comorbidities in future research, and may reduce heterogeneity, enhance transparency, and improve reproducibility. Future efforts focused on validating these code lists are needed.
Effect of High Glucose on Embryological Development of Zebrafish, Brachyodanio, Rerio through Wnt Pathway; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a worldwide pregnancy complication. Gestational diabetes can significantly impact fetus development. However, the effects of high glucose on embryological development post-fertilization are yet to be researched. Danio rerio embryos are a great model for studying embryonic development. In this study, the effects on embryological (morphological and genetic) development were examined in the presence of a high-glucose environment that mimics the developing fetus in pregnant women with GDM. Fertilized zebrafish embryos were treated with normal media and high glucose for 5 days from 3 h post-fertilization (hpf) to 96 hpf, respectively, as control and experimental groups. Morphological changes are recorded with microscope images. Hatch rate and heart rate are compared between groups at set time points. RNA-Seq is performed to examine the gene changes in the experimental group. Glucose delayed the zebrafish embryo development by slowing the hatch rate by about 24 h. The brain, heart, and tail started showing smaller morphology in the glucose group compared to the control group at 24 hpf. Heart rate was faster in the glucose group compared to the control group on days 2 and 3 with a statistically significant difference. Among the zebrafish whole genome, the significantly changed genes were 556 upregulated genes and 1118 downregulated genes, respectively, in the high-glucose group. The metabolic and Wnt pathways are altered under high-glucose conditions. These conditions contribute to significant physiological differences that may provide insight into the functionality of post-embryological development.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcomes in Pregnant Women with Heart Disease: A Case—Control Study; Objective: We analyzed the obstetric and cardiac characteristics and results of pregnant women with heart disease (HD) and compared their results with those of healthy controls. Methods: In this retrospective single-center case–control study, women with HD attended between 2010 and 2018 were matched at a 1:2 ratio (according to date of delivery, parity, and singleton or twin pregnancy) with controls without heart disease treated in the same referral center. Results: We identified 141 pregnant women with HD, of whom 132 reached 22 weeks of gestation and were paired with 264 healthy controls, for a total of 396 participants and 408 newborns. Most common HDs were congenital HD (53 women), arrhythmia (46), valvular HD (35), and cardiomyopathy (16), having women with more than one coexisting HD. During pregnancy or the puerperium, 19.9% of mothers experienced a major adverse cardiac event (MACE), with 5% requiring intensive care unit (ICU) admission. The rates of cesarean section were 37.1% in the case group and 18.2% in the control group, with an odds ratio (OR) of 2.66 (95% CI = 1.66–4.26, p < 0.001). We also found a higher use of general anesthesia, with an OR of 10.73 (95% CI = 2.32–49.75, p = 0.002); more prolonged hospitalizations, with an OR of 2.91 (95% CI 1.02–8.35, p = 0.023); and a higher incidence of low neonatal weight, with an OR of 1.96 (95% CI 1.09–3.52, p = 0.012). There were no differences between groups in terms of gestational age at delivery; however, we observed greater prematurity in women with HD, without reaching statistical significance. The rate of congenital heart disease among the newborns of mothers with HD was 13.2%. Conclusions: HD increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy and it is associated with higher rates of cesarean section and low birth weight.
Characteristics, Physiopathology and Management of Dyslipidemias in Pregnancy: A Narrative Review; Dyslipidemia is a significant risk factor for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). During pregnancy, physiological changes elevate cholesterol and triglyceride levels to support fetal development, which can exacerbate pre-existing conditions and lead to complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and increased ASCVD risk for both mother and child. Effective management strategies are necessary, especially for pregnant women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia (i.e., familial hypertriglyceridemia, hyperchylomicronemia), where personalized dietary adjustments are crucial for successful pregnancy outcomes. Pharmacological interventions and lipoprotein apheresis may be necessary for severe cases, though their use is often limited by factors such as cost, availability, and potential fetal risks. Despite the promise of advanced therapies, their widespread application remains constrained by limited studies and high costs. Thus, a personalized, multidisciplinary approach is essential for optimizing outcomes. This review provides a comprehensive overview of current strategies and evidence-based practices for managing dyslipidemia during pregnancy, emphasizing the balance of maternal and fetal health. Additionally, it discusses the physiological changes in lipid metabolism during pregnancy and their implications, particularly for women with inherited forms of dyslipidemia.
Endocrine Disruptors in Pregnancy: Effects on Mothers and Fetuses—A Review; Background/Objectives: Endocrine disruptors are ubiquitous agents in the environment and are present in everyday consumer products. These agents can interfere with the endocrine system, and subsequently the reproductive system, especially in pregnancy. An increasing number of studies have been conducted to discover and describe the health effects of these agents on humans, including pregnant women, their fetuses, and the placenta. This review discusses prenatal exposure to various endocrine disruptors, focusing on bisphenols, phthalates, organophosphates, and perfluoroalkyl substances, and their effects on pregnancy and fetal development. Methods: We reviewed the literature via the PubMed and EBSCO databases and included the most relevant studies. Results: Our findings revealed that several negative health outcomes were linked to endocrine disruptors. However, despite the seriousness of this topic and the abundance of research on these agents, it remains challenging to draw strong conclusions about their effects from the available studies. This does not allow for strong, universal guidelines and might result in poor patient counseling and heterogeneous approaches to regulating endocrine disruptors. Conclusions: The seriousness of this matter calls for urgent efforts, and more studies are needed in this realm, to protect pregnant patients, and ultimately, in the long term, society.
Development and validation of a nomogram to predict intracranial haemorrhage in neonates; Background: The aim of this study was to establish and validate a Susceptibility-weighted imaging (SWI)-based predictive model for neonatal intracranial haemorrhage (ICH). Methods: A total of 1190 neonates suspected of ICH after cranial ultrasound screening in a tertiary hospital were retrospectively enrolled. The neonates were randomly divided into a training cohort and a internal validation cohort by a ratio of 7:3. Univariate analysis was used to analyze the correlation between risk factors and ICH, and the prediction model of neonatal ICH was established by multivariate logistic regression based on minimum Akaike information criterion (AIC). The nomogram was externally validated in another tertiary hospital of 91 neonates. The performance of the nomogram was evaluated in terms of discrimination by the area under the curve (AUC), calibration by the calibration curve and clinical net benefit by the decision curve analysis (DCA). Results: Univariate analysis and min AIC-based multivariate logistic regression screened the following variables to establish a predictive model for neonatal ICH: Platelet count (PLT), gestational diabetes, mode of delivery, amniotic fluid contamination, 1-min Apgar score. The AUC was 0.715, 0.711, and 0.700 for the training cohort, internal validation cohort, and external validation cohort, respectively. The calibration curve showed a good correlation between the nomogram prediction and actual observation for ICH. DCA showed the nomogram was clinically useful. Conclusion: We developed and validated an easy-to-use nomogram to predict ICH for neonates. This model could support individualized risk assessment and healthcare.
Maternal-fetal dyad beyond the phenomenology of pregnancy: from primordial cardiovascular prevention on out, do not miss this boat!: Maternal-fetal dyad and cardiovascular prevention; Pregnancy represents a stress test for every woman's cardiovascular (CV) system, and a pre-existing maternal unfavorable cardio-metabolic phenotype can uncover both adverse pregnancy outcomes and the subsequent development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors during and after pregnancy. Moreover, the maternal cardiac and extracardiac environment can affect offspring's cardiovascular health through a complex mechanism called developmental programming, in which fetal growth can be influenced by maternal conditions. This interaction continues later in life, as adverse developmental programming, along with lifestyle risk factors and genetic predisposition, can exacerbate and accelerate the development of CV risk factors and CVD in childhood and adolescence. The aim of this narrative review is to summarize the latest evidences regarding maternal-fetal dyad and its role on primordial, primary and secondary CV prevention.
Prenatal antidepressant use and risk of congenital malformations: A population-based cohort study; Previous studies examining antidepressants and congenital-malformations were primarily conducted in western countries, and many were constrained by important methodological limitations. This population-based study identified 465,069 women (including 1,705 redeemed ≥1 prescription of antidepressants during first-trimester) aged 15–50 years who delivered their first and singleton child between 2003 and 2018 in a predominantly-Chinese population in Hong Kong, using territory-wide medical-record database of public-healthcare services, and employed propensity-score fine-stratification-weighted logistic-regression analyses to evaluate risk of any major and organ/system-specific congenital-malformations following first-trimester exposure to antidepressants. Major malformation overall was not associated with any antidepressant (weighted-odds-ratio wOR, 0.88 [95 %CI, 0.44–1.76]), specific drug-class, or individual antidepressants. Exposure to any antidepressant was associated with increased risk of cardiac (wOR, 1.82 [95 %CI, 1.07–3.12]) and respiratory anomalies (wOR,4.11 [95 %CI, 1.61–10.45]). Exposure to selective-serotonin-reuptake-inhibitors (SSRI) and multiple-AD-classes were associated with respiratory and cardiac anomalies, respectively. However, these identified associations were not consistently affirmed across sensitivity analyses, precluding firm conclusion. Observed associations of specific cardiac defects with serotonin-norepinephrine-reuptake-inhibitors (SNRI), tricyclic-antidepressants (TCA) and multiple-AD-classes were noted with wide confidence-intervals, suggesting imprecise estimation. Overall, our findings suggest that first-trimester antidepressant exposure was not robustly associated with increased risk of congenital-malformations. Further research clarifying comparative safety of individual antidepressants on specific malformations is warranted.
Five-year risk of all-cause death and cardiovascular events in women with gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background:. The long-term impact of gestational complications on cardiovascular outcomes in women remains a subject of debate. Aim: To assess the 5-year risk of cardiovascular events and all-cause mortality in women with gestational diabetes and hypertension. Methods: Retrospective study utilising an health research network(TriNetX). The primary outcome was the composite risk of a cardiovascular event within 5 years with secondary outcomes being its components (all-cause death, acute heart failure, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke). Women were categorised into 8 different groups based on the ICD-codes for pregnancy related complications recorded 9 months before the delivery:1) gestational diabetes,2) gestational hypertension,3) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension,4) gestational diabetes with gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,5) gestational diabetes with pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,6) gestational hypertension without pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,7) pre-eclampsia or eclampsia,and 8) no gestational complications. Cox-regression analyses were used to produce hazard ratios (HRs) and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) before and after propensity score matching (PSM). Results: We identified, 24,402 women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension and 920,478 without gestational complications. After PSM, compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension had a higher 5-year risk of composite outcome(HR 2.25,95 %CI 2.02-2.51), all-cause death(HR 1.64,95 %CI 1.31-2.06), acute heart failure(HR 2.06,95 %CI 1.69-2.52), myocardial infarction(HR 2.46,95 %CI 1.93-3.14), and ischemic stroke(HR 2.37,95 %CI 2.06-2.74). Women who experienced pre-eclampsia or eclampsia showed the highest risk of primary and secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Gestational complications are associated with worse long-term cardiovascular outcomes. There is a clear call to action required to improve the longitudinal management of gestational complications to improve women's long-term health.
Oligohydramnios at term in the high-risk population - How severe is severe?; Objectives: The term oligohydramnios is linked to pregnancy complications. We previously presented the outcome of the low-risk population (no pregnancy complications) with term oligohydramnios. This study aims to address the high-risk group (Any maternal complication during pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, pre-gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, anemia, asthma, obesity, and multi parity.) Methods: This retrospective cohort study of 1,114 singleton term (≥37), oligohydramnios (AFI <50 mm) pregnancies from Shamir Medical Center between 2017 and 2021. Compering the low-risk to high-risk groups with subdivision by severity of oligohydramnios. Results: A total of 211 subjects (19 %) were high-risk cases and 903 (81 %) low-risk cases. Comparing these two groups, subjects of the high-risk group were older (31.34 ± 5.85 vs. 29.51 vs. 4.96), had earlier gestational age at delivery 39.53 ± 1.18 vs. 40, had higher mean AFI (35 ± 12.7 vs. 33 ± 14.5), were subject to more labor inductions (81 vs. 69.7 %), and CS rate (19.9 vs. 12.4 %). Logistic regression revealed a need for more cesarean sections in the high-risk group. Additionally, more labor inductions and a higher risk of negative fetal outcomes. Conclusions: This study highlights the importance of considering pregnancy risk factors when we are approaching oligohydramnios in high-risk pregnancies.
Gestational exposure to air pollutants perturbs metabolic and placenta-fetal phenotype; Air pollution (AP) is detrimental to pregnancies including increasing risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus. We hypothesized that exposure to AP causes cardiovascular and metabolic disruption thereby altering placental gene expression, which in turn affects the placental phenotype and thereby embryonic/fetal development. To test this hypothesis, we investigated the impact of intra-nasal instilled AP upon gestational day 16–19 maternal mouse cardiovascular and metabolic status, placental nutrient transporters, and placental-fetal size and morphology. To further unravel mechanisms, we also examined placental total DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation and bulk RNA sequenced gene expression profiles. AP exposed pregnant mice and fetuses were tachycardic with a reduction in maternal left ventricular fractional shortening and increased uterine artery with decreased umbilical artery systolic peak velocities. In addition, they were hyperglycemic, glucose intolerant and insulin resistant, with changes in placental glucose (Glut3) and fatty acid (Fatp1 & Cd36) transporters, and a spatial disruption of cells expressing Glut10 that imports L-dehydroascorbic acid in protecting against oxidative stress. Placentas revealed inflammatory cellular infiltration with associated cellular edema and necrosis, with dilated vascular spaces and hemorrhage. Placental and fetal body weights decreased in mid-gestation with a reduction in brain cortical thickness emerging in late gestation. Placental total DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation was 2.5-fold higher, with perturbed gene expression profiles involving key metabolic, inflammatory, transcriptional, cellular polarizing and processing genes and pathways. We conclude that gestational exposure to AP incites a maternal inflammatory response resulting in features mimicking maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with altered placental DNA 5’-hydroxymethylation, gene expression, and associated injury.
Association between mixed metal exposure and stroke risk in Shanxi Province: a case-control study; Background: Stroke is the second leading cause of death for all human beings and poses a serious threat to human health. Environmental exposure to a mixture of metals may be associated with the occurrence and development of stroke, but the evidence in the Chinese population is not yet conclusive. Objectives: This study evaluated the association between stroke risk and 13 metals Methods: Metal concentrations in whole blood samples from 100 stroke cases and 100 controls were measured by ICP-MS. The cumulative impact of mixed metal on stroke risk was investigated by using three statistical models, BKMR, WQS and QGC. Results: The case group had higher concentrations of Mg, Mn, Zn, Se, Sn, and Pb than the control group (p<0.05). BKMR model indicated a correlation between the risk of stroke and exposure to mixed metals. WQS model showed that Mg (27.2 %), Se (25.1 %) and Sn (14.8 %) were positively correlated with stroke risk (OR=1.53; 95 %Cl: 1.03–2.37, p=0.013). The QGC model showed that Mg (49.2 %) was positively correlated with stroke risk, while Ti (31.7 %) was negatively correlated with stroke risk. Conclusions: Mg may be the largest contributor to the cumulative effect of mixed metal exposure on stroke risk, and the interaction between metals requires more attention. These findings could provide scientific basis for effectively preventing stroke by managing metals in the environment.
Climate change versus Mediterranean diet: A hazardous struggle for the women's heart; Climate change impacts food systems, causing nutritional deficiencies and increasing cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Regulatory frameworks like the European Farm-to-Fork Strategy aim to mitigate these effects, but current EU food safety regulations inadequately address health risks from poor diet quality and contaminants. Climate change adversely affects food quality, such as nutrient depletion in crops due to higher CO2 levels, leading to diets that promote chronic diseases, including CVD. Women, because of their roles in food production and their unique physiological responses to nutrients, face distinct vulnerabilities. This review explores the interplay between climate change, diet, and cardiovascular health in women. The review highlights that sustainable diets, particularly the Mediterranean diet, offer health benefits and lower environmental impacts but are threatened by climate change-induced disruptions. Women's adherence to the Mediterranean diet is linked to significant reductions in CVD risk, though sex-specific responses need further research. Resilient agricultural practices, efficient water management, and climate-smart farming are essential to mitigate climate change's negative impacts on food security. Socio-cultural factors influencing women's dietary habits, such as traditional roles and societal pressures, further complicate the picture. Effective interventions must be tailored to women, emphasizing education, community support, policy changes, and media campaigns promoting healthy eating. Collaborative approaches involving policymakers, health professionals, and the agricultural sector are crucial for developing solutions that protect public health and promote sustainability. Addressing the multifaceted challenges posed by climate change to food quality and cardiovascular health in women underscores the need for integrated strategies that ensure food security, enhance diet quality, and mitigate environmental impacts.
Decreased postpartum exercise capacity after a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia: Implications for CVD risk prediction; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased long-term risk for cardiometabolic risk factors (chronic hypertension [HTN], obesity, diabetes) and heart failure. Exercise capacity is a known predictor of heart failure in patients with normal resting cardiac filling pressures. In this prospective observational cohort study, we sought to identify predictors of reduced postpartum exercise capacity in participants with normotensive vs preeclamptic pregnancies. Methods: Preeclampsia (PreE) and normotensive subjects were enrolled to undergo bedside echocardiography within 48 hours of delivery, and rest/exercise echocardiography 12 weeks postpartum. Results: Recruited subjects (n = 68) were grouped according to their blood pressure as: a) normotensive pregnancy n = 15; b) PreE with normotensive postpartum (PreE-Resolved, n = 36); c) PreE with persistent postpartum HTN (PreE-HTN, n = 17). At enrollment, a significantly higher percentage of subjects in the PreE-HTN group were Black. Compared to normotensive and PreE-Resolved subjects, those with PreE-HTN demonstrated higher resting systolic blood pressure (SBP, 112 [normotensive] vs 112 [PreE-Resolved] vs 134 [PreE-HTN], P < .001) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP, 70.0 vs 72.5 vs 85.0, P < .001), and significantly less postpartum weight loss (9.6% vs 13.6% vs 3.8%, P < .001). Following Bruce protocol stress testing, PreE-HTN subjects demonstrated achieved significantly lower exercise duration (10.4 vs 10.2 vs 7.9 minutes, P = .001). Subjects with PreE-HTN also demonstrated evidence of exercise-induced diastolic dysfunction as assessed by peak exercise lateral e’ (18.0 vs 18.0 vs 13.5, P = .045) and peak exercise tricuspid regurgitation velocity (TR Vm, 2.4 vs 3.0 vs 3.1, P = 0.045). Exercise duration was negatively associated with gravidity (R = −0.27, P = .029) and postpartum LV mass index (R = −0.45, P < .001), resting average E/e’ (R = −0.51, P < .001), BMI (R = −0.6, P < .001) and resting SBP (R = −0.51, P < .001). Conclusions: Postpartum exercise stress testing capacity is related to readily available clinical markers including pregnancy factors, echocardiographic parameters and unresolved cardiometabolic risk factors.
Cardiovascular Risk Factor Management after Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with significantly increased risk of developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Obstetricians play a crucial role in CVD prevention for postpartum women and birthing people with HDP because they are primarily responsible for immediate postpartum management and can assist with care transitions to other health care practitioners for long-Term management of CVD risk factors. Standardized calculators can be used to evaluate long-Term CVD risk, which can help guide intensity of treatment. Emerging technologies such as remote blood pressure monitoring demonstrate promise for improving outcomes among patients with HDP. After HDP, all patients should be advised of their increased CVD risk. A plan should be made to initiate lifestyle modifications and antihypertensive therapy to achieve optimal blood pressure control with a target of lower than 130/80 mm Hg, assess lipids within 2-3 years of delivery, and evaluate for development of type 2 diabetes. Other CVD risk factors such as nicotine use should similarly be identified and addressed. In this review, we summarize the essential components of managing CVD risk after a pregnancy complicated by HDP, including blood pressure monitoring, risk stratification tools, and evidence-based lifestyle recommendations.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with cardiovascular risk profiles in later life: Current insights from the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS); Background and aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been related to increased cardiovascular (CV) risk and mortality in later life. Underlying pathomechanisms for the development of CV disease in these women are not yet fully understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the relationship between APO and individual CV risk profiles in later life. Methods: We used cross-sectional data from 10,000 participants enrolled in the Hamburg City Health Study (HCHS). We analysed self-reported APO, CV risk factors and health status, including biomarkers, electrocardiogram, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound. To examine associations, Wilcoxon rank sum test and Pearson's χ2-test were performed. Multivariable-adjusted regression models were calculated to determine associations. Results: N = 1970 women who reported pregnancies were included. Median age was 63 years, 8.7 % reported gestational hypertension (gHTN), 18 % excessive weight gain and 2.4 % gestational diabetes. Ten percent had delivered newborns with birth weight <2.5 kg, 14 % newborns with birth weight >4 kg. In multivariable-adjusted models, significant associations between APO, CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling were identified. gHTN correlated with higher body mass index (BMI) (Beta 1.68, CI 95 % 0.86–2.50; p < 0.001), hypertension (OR 4.58, CI 95 % 2.79–7.86; p < 0.001), left ventricular remodeling (e.g. left ventricular mass index (Beta 4.46, CI 95 % 1.05–7.87; p = 0.010)) and myocardial infarction (OR 3.27, CI 95 % 0.94–10.07; p = 0.046). Conclusions: In this population-based sample, APO were associated with CV risk profiles and cardiac remodeling in later life, suggesting early manifestations of future CV risk during pregnancy. Prospective data is needed for individual risk stratification in women with APO.
An unusual presentation of pacifier thumb duplication with VACTERL association: Case report and review of literature; Introduction and importance: Polydactyly of the hand is a common anomaly among pediatrics, which can present in conjugation with other syndromes or on its own. Various types can be seen, ranging from the involvement of skin only to a completely formed digit. We report the first case of pacifier type thumb duplication presenting with VACTERL association. Herein, we also summarize the existing literature of the distinctive features and management of pacifier polydactyly. Case presentation: A premature male infant with intrauterine growth restriction due to maternal type II diabetes was referred for a soft tissue attachment to the left hand. The infant showed VACTERL association signs, including a single kidney, small atrial septal defect, and ventricular septal defect. Examination revealed preaxial polydactyly with a cystic swelling connected to the palm. Clinical discussion: Preaxial polydactyly is the second most common congenital hand anomaly, and its pathology is thought to involve the disruption of apoptosis during embryonic development. Pacifier-type polydactyly is a unique variation characterized by severe edema of the soft tissue digit, believed to be caused by physical damage in utero. The case presented did not require surgical intervention as the duplicated thumb underwent spontaneous autoamputation as opposed to other cases in the literature. Conclusion: This is the first reported case of pacifier-type thumb duplication in a patient with VACTERL association. The presentation of this condition adds to the existing body of literature on VACTERL association. Surgical removal is the treatment of choice for pacifier polydactyly, but spontaneous resolution can occur.
Climate change and cardiovascular health: Recent updates and actions for healthcare; Climate change is a public health crisis predominantly due to fossil fuel combustion, that challenges planetary and human health. Considerable evidence exists to demonstrate the impact climate change has on cardiovascular disease primarily through air pollution, and non-optimal temperature. Conversely, healthcare systems themselves contribute substantially to climate change. Many clinicians personally report a sense of responsibility to reduce the detrimental impact of parts of our healthcare system on the environment. Roadmaps exist to guide decarbonization and reduce pollution in the healthcare sector. The first step in minimizing the climate impact of the provision of cardiovascular care is to determine the carbon footprint of highly resource dependent sectors such as critical care cardiology as well as the cardiac catheterization and electrophysiology laboratories. This should be followed by sustainable changes to address healthcare waste and energy use. Engagement from healthcare leadership, governmental organizations and major cardiac societies will be necessary to impact meaningful change.
Infertility treatments and cyanotic congenital heart defects among livebirths in the USA: Findings from a contemporary cohort; STUDY QUESTION: Is there an elevated risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects (CCHD) among livebirths following infertility treatments? SUMMARY ANSWER: In this population-based study of single livebirths, infertility treatment (either ART or non-ART) was associated with a higher prevalence of CCHD among livebirths. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The use of infertility treatment has been on the rise over the past few decades. However, there are limited studies assessing the risk of major cardiac defects following infertility treatments. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A retrospective cohort study of livebirth data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) was conducted, comprising of 9.6 million singleton livebirths among first-time mothers aged 15-49 years from 2016 to 2022. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Information on infertility treatment use and CCHD was obtained from the health and medical information section of birth certificates, which was completed by healthcare staff after reviewing medical records. Logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% CI. Entropy balancing weighting analysis and probabilistic bias analysis were also performed. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The proportion of births following infertility treatment increased from 1.9% (27 116) to 3.1% (43 510) during the study period. Overall, there were 5287 cases of CCHD resulting in a prevalence of 0.6 per 1000 livebirths. The prevalence was 1.2 per 1000 live births among infertility treatment users (ART: 1.1 per 1000 livebirths; non-ART: 1.3 per 1000 livebirths) while that for naturally conceived births was 0.5 per 1000 livebirths. Compared to naturally conceived births, the use of any infertility treatment (OR: 2.06, 95% CI: 1.82-2.33), either ART (OR: 2.02, 95% CI: 1.73-2.36) or other infertility treatments (OR: 2.12, 95% CI: 1.74-2.33), was associated with higher odds of CCHD after adjusting for maternal and paternal age, race and ethnicity, and education, as well as maternal nativity, marital status, source of payment, smoking status, and pre-pregnancy measures of BMI, hypertension and diabetes. This association did not differ by the type of infertility treatment (ART versus other infertility treatments) (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82-1.33, P = 0.712), and was robust to the presence of exposure and outcome misclassification bias and residual confounding. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The findings are only limited to livebirths. We did not have the capacity to examine termination data, but differential termination by mode of conception has not been supported by previous studies designed to consider it. Infertility treatment use was self-reported, leading to the potential for selection bias and misclassification for infertility treatment and CCHD. However, the association persisted when systematic bias as well as exposure and outcome misclassification bias were accounted for in the analyses. Information on the underlying etiology of infertility relating to either maternal, paternal, or both factors, data on specific types of ART and other infertility treatments, as well as information on subtypes of CCHD, were all not available. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: In light of the increasing trend in the use of infertility treatment in the USA, and elsewhere, the finding of the current study holds significant importance for the clinical and public health of reproductive-aged individuals. The data show that the use of infertility treatment may expose offspring to elevated odds of severe congenital heart defects such as CCHD studied here. These findings cannot be interpreted causally. While our findings can assist in preconception counseling and prenatal care for pregnancies conceived by either ART or other infertility treatments, they also support some current recommendations that pregnancies resulting from infertility treatments undergo fetal echocardiography screening.
Bridging Knowledge Gaps among Healthcare Providers Regarding Cardiovascular Risk Following Complications of Pregnancy; Background: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide, and women who experience complications during pregnancy, such as pregnancy loss (miscarriage and stillbirth), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, have a significantly higher risk of future CVD. Increasing awareness of CVD risk among healthcare providers is crucial for effective engagement in risk reduction programs. Aim: This study aimed to identify knowledge gaps of Australian healthcare providers regarding CVD risk associated with one or more complications of pregnancy, and to explore healthcare providers’ practice towards the management of the risk. Methods: A cross-sectional surveys was conducted, recruiting 397 healthcare providers in Australia. Data were collected through face-to-face and online surveys and analysed using quantitative descriptive and inferential statistical procedures. Results: The study populations had suboptimal levels of knowledge about the increased risk of CVD associated with complications of pregnancy. Healthcare providers showed insufficient practice and attitudes towards the assessment, prevention, and management of CVD risk among these high-risk women. The study identified knowledge and practice gaps among healthcare providers regarding the increased risk of CVD associated with a complicated pregnancy. Mismanagement of CVD risk in this group of women was recognised by the participants. Conclusion: In conclusion, the findings of this study underscore the importance of moving midwifery forward in addressing the increased cardiovascular risk faced by women who have experienced complications of pregnancy. The identified knowledge and practice gaps among healthcare providers, specifically midwives as the first line in women health care, highlight a clear need for enhanced education, support, and research initiatives. By empowering midwives with comprehensive knowledge about the increased risk of cardiovascular disease associated with pregnancy complications, we can advance their role as health promoters and key advocates for the well-being of women. Equipping midwives with the necessary tools and resources to effectively assess, prevent, and manage cardiovascular risk in high-risk populations represents a significant step towards improving maternal health outcomes and reducing the burden of cardiovascular disease in women.
A hybrid Transformer-LSTM model apply to glucose prediction; The global prevalence of diabetes is escalating, with estimates indicating that over 536.6 million individuals were afflicted by 2021, accounting for approximately 10.5% of the world’s population. Effective management of diabetes, particularly monitoring and prediction of blood glucose levels, remains a significant challenge due to the severe health risks associated with inaccuracies, such as hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia. This study addresses this critical issue by employing a hybrid Transformer-LSTM (Long Short-Term Memory) model designed to enhance the accuracy of future glucose level predictions based on data from Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) systems. This innovative approach aims to reduce the risk of diabetic complications and improve patient outcomes. We utilized a dataset which contain more than 32000 data points comprising CGM data from eight patients collected by Suzhou Municipal Hospital in Jiangsu Province, China. This dataset includes historical glucose readings and equipment calibration values, making it highly suitable for developing predictive models due to its richness and real-time applicability. Our findings demonstrate that the hybrid Transformer-LSTM model significantly outperforms the standard LSTM model, achieving Mean Square Error (MSE) values of 1.18, 1.70, and 2.00 at forecasting intervals of 15, 30, and 45 minutes, respectively. This research underscores the potential of advanced machine learning techniques in the proactive management of diabetes, a critical step toward mitigating its impact.
Recurrent hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and subsequent maternal cardiovascular outcomes; PURPOSE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) such as preeclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational hypertension complicate 5–10% of pregnancies and affect maternal morbidity and mortality. Pregnancies with HDP increase HDP risk in subsequent pregnancies; however, little is known of the accumulated effect of recurrent HDPs on cardiovascular outcomes. We hypothesized recurrent HDP increased the risk of subsequent coronary heart disease (CHD) and stroke. METHODS: Deliveries to women with ≥2 singleton, live births in South Carolina (2004–2016) were evaluated for HDP, defined by birth certificate and/or hospitalization/ED visit data. Hospitalization/ED visit and death certificate data defined subsequent CHD and stroke. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHR) were generated with extended Cox models incorporating time at risk with 0, 1 or >1 deliveries with HDP, adjusting for significant sociodemographic (age, race/ethnicity, education, rural residence, payer type, BMI), behavioral (tobacco use), and clinical characteristics (pre-pregnancy hypertension or diabetes, gestational age and parity). RESULTS: Of 163,579 women with ≥2 deliveries, 2.5% had >1; 11.0% had one; and 86.5% had no HDP pregnancies. Compared with none, women with one (aHR=1.88; 95% CI=1.64–2.16) or >1 (aHR=2.13; 95% CI=1.69–2.69) HDP delivery were at greater risk of subsequent CHD. Similarly, women with one (aHR=1.46; 95% CI=1.14–1.89) or >1 (aHR=2.01; 95% CI=1.35–3.01) HDP delivery had greater stroke risk. CONCLUSION: Having at least one HDP increased risk of subsequent incident CHD and stroke. However, despite having higher point estimates, the risk in women with recurrent (>1) HDP did not statistically differ from women with one HDP. Keywords: Maternal outcomes; Coronary heart disease; Stroke; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Pre-pregnancy hypertension Funding: DAW and AMM received financial support from NIH/NHLBI K01HL138273.
Clinical course of pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: a case series; Background: Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is the most important cause of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and in the post-partum period and involves a spontaneous intimal tear or intramural haematoma of a coronary artery. Pregnancy-associated SCAD accounts for a minority of SCAD cases but is associated with a high rate of adverse events. Case summary: We present a series of three cases with pregnancy-associated SCAD. All patients presented with acute coronary syndromes in the post-partum period, between 12 days and 5 months after delivery. They all had additional conditions that are associated with SCAD, such as fibromuscular dysplasia and migraine. The management of one patient was uncomplicated, however, the courses of the other two were characterized by adverse events. One presented after an out-of-hospital cardiac arrest, the other presented with multivessel SCAD and developed progression and recurrence of SCAD during follow-up. In conclusion, the patients could be successfully treated conservatively and were in good condition at their latest follow-ups. Discussion: This case series highlights the wide range of clinical courses that could exist in pregnancy-associated SCAD, from a benign manifestation to a life-threatening condition. Importantly, those patients are at an increased risk for acute and late adverse events.
Fostering cardio-endometriosis: a call to action for a comprehensive understanding of cardiovascular disease in endometriosis; Recently, a growing body of evidence has highlighted a concerning link between endometriosis and cardiovascular disease. Endometriosis, a chronic, inflammatory, hormone-dependent condition affecting 5-10% of reproductive-aged women worldwide, has long been associated with reproductive and gynaecological consequences. However, emerging research has suggested that it may also contribute to adverse cardiovascular outcomes. This paper aims to shed light on the importance of recognizing cardio-endometriosis as a new and developing sphere of research in the field of cardiology, thereby urging the medical community to address this pressing issue.
No impact of COVID-19 at delivery on maternal mortality or infant adverse birth outcomes in Botswana during the Omicron era; SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy was associated with maternal mortality and adverse birth outcomes in the pre-Omicron era, including a stillbirth rate of 5.6% in Botswana. We re-evaluated these outcomes in the Tsepamo Study during the Omicron era. We assessed maternal mortality and adverse birth outcomes for all singleton pregnancies from mid-November 2021 (the start of the Omicron era) to mid-August 2022 at nine Tsepamo sites, among individuals with documented SARS-CoV-2 screening PCR or antigen tests and known HIV status. Of 9,705 women routinely screened for SARS-CoV-2 infection at delivery (64% of deliveries at these sites), 373 (3.8%) tested positive. Women with HIV were as likely to test positive for SARS-CoV-2 (77/1833, 4.2%) as women without HIV (293/ 6981, 4.2%) (p = 1.0). There were 5 recorded maternal deaths (0.03%), one occurring in a woman with a positive SARS-CoV-2 test result. In contrast, maternal mortality was 3.7% and 0.1% in those with and without SARS-CoV-2, respectively, during the pre-Omicron era. In the Omicron era, there were no differences among infants exposed or unexposed to SARS-CoV-2 in overall adverse birth outcomes (28.1% vs 29.6%; aRR 1.0, 95%CI 0.8–1.1), severe adverse birth outcomes (11.9 vs 10.6%; aRR 1.1, 95%CI 0.8–1.5), preterm delivery (15.1% vs 14.9%; aRR 1.0, 95%CI 0.8–1.3), or stillbirth (1.9% vs 2.3%; aRR 0.8, 95%CI 0.4–1.7). Adverse outcomes among those exposed to both HIV and SARS-CoV-2 were similar to those exposed to HIV alone (31.2% vs. 33.1%; aRR 0.9, 95%CI 0.6–1.3; p = 0.5). Maternal mortality was far lower in Botswana during the Omicron era than in the pre-Omicron era, and adverse birth outcomes were no longer significantly impacted by exposure to SARS-CoV-2 either overall or with HIV co-exposure. Increased population immunity to SARS-CoV-2, less stress on the hospital systems in the Omicron era, and possible differences in viral pathogenicity may combine to explain these findings.
Effectiveness of art-based health education on anemia and health literacy among pregnant women in Western Nepal: A randomized controlled trial; Objective As Nepalese pregnant women vary widely in literacy levels and cultural backgrounds and are reluctant to make decisions about their health, general interventions are insufficient to improve maternal anemia. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of “face-to-face health education using educational material created using pictures, photos, and nomograms” in reducing anemia and improving health literacy. Methods A total of 156 Nepalese pregnant women with hemoglobin (Hb) levels below 11.0 g/dl were divided into three groups: the education group received three sessions of face-to-face health education using art-based material unaffected by literacy skills; the distribution group received material used in the education group; and the control group underwent general perinatal checkups. Hb levels and health literacy scores were assessed at baseline early pregnancy (8–12 weeks) and late pregnancy (36–40 weeks). A Nepalese version of the 14-item Health Literacy Scale (HLS-14) was developed to assess health literacy. Results The post-intervention three-group comparison showed a statistically significant difference (P < 0.042) in mean Hb levels after the intervention. Dunnett’s test showed a statistically significant difference (P < 0.044) between the education and control groups but no significant difference between the distribution and control groups (P = 0.972). No significant differences in health literacy (total scores and subscales) were observed among the three groups before the intervention in the Kruskal-Wallis test and after the intervention (although there was a trend towards improvement). Total health literacy scores before and after the intervention were statistically significantly different for the total group and all three groups (P<0.001).Only the education group showed statistically significant differences in functional (P<0.012), communication (P<0.004), and critical (P<0.014) literacy subscale scores. Conclusion Continuous face-to-face health education using literacy material significantly reduced anemia and improved health literacy among Nepalese pregnant women.
Biological and behavioral pathways from prenatal depression to offspring cardiometabolic risk: Testing the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis; Given prior literature focused on the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease framework, there is strong rationale to hypothesize that reducing depression in the prenatal period will cause improvements in offspring cardiometabolic health. The current review outlines evidence that prenatal depression is associated with offspring cardiometabolic risk and health behaviors. We review evidence of these associations in humans and in nonhuman animals at multiple developmental periods, from the prenatal period (maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), neonatal period (preterm birth, small size at birth), infancy (rapid weight gain), childhood and adolescence (high blood pressure, impaired glucose-insulin homeostasis, unfavorable lipid profiles, abdominal obesity), and into adulthood (diabetes, cardiovascular disease). In addition to these cardiometabolic outcomes, we focus on health behaviors associated with cardiometabolic risk, such as child eating behaviors, diet, physical activity, and sleep health. Our review focuses on child behaviors (e.g., emotional eating, preference for highly palatable foods, short sleep duration) and parenting behaviors (e.g., pressuring child to eat, modeling of health behaviors). These changes in health behaviors may be detected before changes to cardiometabolic outcomes, which may allow for early identification of and prevention for children at risk for poor adult cardiometabolic outcomes. We also discuss the methods of the ongoing Care Project, which is a randomized clinical trial to test whether reducing prenatal maternal depression improves offspring's cardiometabolic health and health behaviors in preschool. The goal of this review and the Care Project are to inform future research, interventions, and policies that support prenatal mental health and offspring cardiometabolic health. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved).
Associations of prognostic nutritional index with risk of all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortalities in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus: A NHANES-based analysis; OBJECTIVE: To investigate relationships between prognostic nutritional index (PNI) during pregnancy and risk of all-cause mortality (ACM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in persons with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was conducted using NHANES data from 2007 to 2018, and weighted Cox regression models were established. Restricted cubic spline analysis was used to unveil associations of PNI with risk of ACM and CVD mortalities in individuals with GDM. Receiver operating characteristic curve was employed for determination of threshold value for association of PNI with mortality. Sensitivity analysis was performed to verify the stability of the results. RESULTS: 734 GDM individuals and 7987 non-GDM individuals were included in this study. In GDM population, after adjusting for different categorical variables, PNI was significantly negatively correlated with ACM risk. Subgroup analysis showed that among GDM populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, parity of 1 or 2, negative correlation between PNI and risk of ACM was stronger than other subgroups. Sensitivity analysis results showed stable negative correlations between PNI and ACM and CVD mortality of total population, and between PNI and ACM of GDM. CONCLUSION: In individuals with GDM, PNI was negatively correlated with ACM risk, especially in populations with no physical activity, moderate physical activity, and parity of 1 or 2. PNI = 50.75 may be an effective threshold affecting ACM risk in GDM, which may help in risk assessment and timely intervention for individuals with GDM.
Assessing Healthcare Providers' Knowledge and Care Regarding Cardiovascular Risk of Women Diagnosed with Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in Austria. Recent studies indicate that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) significantly impact long-term maternal cardiovascular health. This study aims to evaluate the knowledge and care practices of healthcare providers (HCPs) in Austria regarding the cardiovascular risks associated with APOs, particularly focusing on the management of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted using a web-based questionnaire to assess HCPs' knowledge, follow-up recommendations, and counselling on APOs. The respondents were divided into four specialties: Family Medicine (FM), Obstetrics and Gynecology (O&G), General Internal Medicine and Cardiology (GIM&C), and Others. The survey included questions on routine clinical practices, awareness of CVD risks post-APOs, and adherence to postpartum care guidelines. Results: Of the 175 responses, 35 (20 %) were from FM, 68 (38.9 %) from O&G, 69 (39.4 %) from GIM&C, and 3 (1.7 %) from other specialties. Despite high levels of knowledge in some areas, significant knowledge gaps were identified, particularly concerning the prevalence and timing of CVD onset after APOs. Most HCPs were aware of the increased risk of CVD and stroke post-HDP, but fewer recognised the elevated risks of kidney disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The majority of HCPs provided postpartum care counselling, but only half advised their patients on cardioprotective strategies following HDP or GDM. Approximately half of HCPs did not counsel their patients on the recurrence risk of APOs, indicating inconsistent adherence to guidelines. Differences in expertise were observed among specialties, with O&G demonstrating the highest level of knowledge regarding CVD risk following APO. Conclusion: The identified knowledge gaps underscore the importance of postpartum follow-up for women with APOs to mitigate long-term cardiovascular risks. Enhancing HCPs education and clearly defining specialty responsibilities for providing care can improve early identification and intervention for women at high risk for CVD. Summary: The identification of knowledge gaps among HCPs regarding postpartum follow-up of women with APOs and targeted education in these fields may lead to early identification of cardiovascular risk factors and CVD prevention in women.
Predeposit Autologous Blood Donation in Rh(D)-Negative Pregnant Women: A Single-Center Study; Objective The primary purpose of this study was to assess the practicability of predeposit autologous blood donation (PABD) in the practice of Rh(D)-negative pregnant women. Materials and Methods A cohort of 405 Rh(D)-negative pregnant women who had a delivery in the comprehensive tertiary hospital in Nanjing was analyzed retrospectively, over 10 years. Results After PABD, 203 women experienced a slight drop in mean hemoglobin of 5.32 ± 0.5 g/L (PABD-associated anemia was not featured in our study). Thirteen women who received allogeneic blood might benefit from PABD practically. Conclusion PABD is applicable for Rh(D)-negative pregnant women, as it ensures the availability of the patient's blood in the event of perinatal hemorrhage, thus minimizing the need for transfusion from external sources. Despite the autologous blood reinfusion of low proportion, PABD could still serve as an alternative when allogeneic blood resources are scarce. However, one challenge in the future is to identify candidates who may benefit most from PABD. Also, more attention is needed to raise awareness of patient blood management. Recommended strategies include early screening and treatment of anemia, hemostasis promotion, and blood loss reduction. Replacement of allogeneic transfusion with autotransfusion could be referred to where feasible. We believe that PABD still has a promising potential for application in Rh(D)-negative pregnant women.
Clinical features and genetic analysis of 5 cases of infantile-type glycogen storage disease type II Case reports; Objective: Clinical and genetic mutation analysis was performed on 5 infantile glycogen storage disease type II children in Chinese mainland. Methods: Clinical data of 5 children with infantile-type glycogen storage disease type II due to the acidic α-glucosidase (GAA) gene variants diagnosed and treated at Hebei Provincial Children’s Hospital from January 2018 to April 2020 were retrospectively analyzed. Results: Among the 5 cases, 1 was female and 4 were male, and the age at first diagnosis was from 2 months to 7 months. The first symptoms of all 5 cases showed progressive muscle weakness, hypotonia, and motor developmental backwardness, and all of them had abnormally elevated creatine kinase, and the echocardiograms suggested different degrees of myocardial hypertrophy, with ejection fractions ranging from 44% to 67%. Analysis of GAA gene variations: all 5 cases were compound heterozygous, and a total of 12 variant loci were detected, of which c.2024_2026delACA, c.2853G > A, c.1124G > T, c.574G > A, c.2509C > T, and c.2013G > A were new mutations that had not been reported. Follow-up: All 5 children died before 1 year of age, and the age of death ranged from 7 months to 11.5 months, with a mean survival time of 9.8 months. Conclusion: Peripheral blood GAA gene testing and alpha-glucosidase enzyme activity testing is an effective method for diagnosing this disease.
Maternal modifiable factors and risk of congenital heart defects: systematic review and causality assessment; OBJECTIVE: Primary prevention strategies are critical to reduce the global burden of congenital heart defects (CHDs); this requires robust knowledge of causal agents. We aimed to review associations between CHDs and maternal advanced age, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption and assess the causal nature of the associations. DESIGN: Systematic review of reviews with application of a Bradford Hill criteria score-based causal assessment system. DATA SOURCES: We searched PubMed, Embase and Episteminokos (January 1990-April 2023). ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA: Systematic reviews of original epidemiological studies reporting association (relative risk) between one or more of the above maternal factors and CHDs overall (any type) in subsequent offspring. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers selected eligible reviews, assessed the risk of bias and assigned the strength of evidence for causality. RESULTS: There was strong evidence of a causal relationship between CHDs and maternal obesity (prepregnancy and early pregnancy) and pre-existing diabetes (six of seven Bradford Hill criteria met). For pre-existing hypertension (strength and biological gradient not met), and advanced age (strength, consistency and biological gradient not met), causal evidence was moderate. Evidence for the causal contribution of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and alcohol consumption was weak (strength, consistency, temporality and biological gradient not met). CONCLUSIONS: CHDs can be reduced with stronger action to reduce maternal obesity and pre-existing diabetes prevalence. Investigating environmental exposures that have received limited attention, such as air pollutants and chemical exposures, is important to further inform prevention.
Periconceptional Dietary Quality and Metabolic Syndrome at 3 Years Postpartum; BACKGROUND: The period around pregnancy is a critical window in the primordial prevention of cardiovascular disease, but little is known about the role of dietary patterns in cardiometabolic health. Our objective was to determine the association between alignment of periconceptional diet with the 2020 to 2025 Dietary Guidelines for Americans and the risk of metabolic syndrome. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used data from the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: monitoring mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study, a pregnancy cohort study that followed pregnant participants to a median of 3 years postpartum (n=4423). Usual dietary intake in the 3 months around conception was estimated from a Food Frequency Questionnaire. Alignment with the Dietary Guidelines was measured using the Healthy Eating Index-2020, where higher scores represent greater alignment. Postpartum metabolic syndrome was defined using the American Heart Association/National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute guideline. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome at 3 years postpartum was 20%. After adjusting for confounders, the prevalence of metabolic syndrome was flat up to a periconceptional Healthy Eating Index-2020 total score of ≈60, and then declined steeply as scores increased. Compared with a Healthy Eating Index-2020 score of 60, having scores of 70, 80, and 90 were associated with 2, 4, and 7 fewer cases of metabolic syndrome per 100 individuals, respectively (prevalence differences: −0.02 [95% CI, −0.03, 0]; −0.04 [−0.08, −0.1]; −0.07 [−0.13, −0.02]). CONCLUSIONS: Dietary interventions around conception and systems-level changes to support high diet quality may be important for improving postpartum cardiometabolic health, and helping to reverse or slow the decline in women’s cardiometabolic health.
Barriers and facilitators of cardiovascular disease prevention services for women with prior gestational diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in low-income, middle-income and high-income settings: a scoping review protocol; INTRODUCTION: Women with previous pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Although CVD screening and preventive care beginning in the early postpartum period are recommended, certain barriers limit access to such services. We plan to conduct a scoping review of the literature to explore and summarise evidence on the barriers and facilitators of postpartum CVD preventive services in women with a history of GDM and HDP. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This scoping review will be conducted in line with the Arksey and O'Malley's (2005) methodological framework and the Joanna Briggs Institute guidance for conducting a systematic scoping review and will follow the Evidence for Policy and Practice Information and the Coordinating Centre at the Institute of Education guidelines. The review results will be reported using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR) checklist. We will search the following databases: Medline, Embase and CINAHL. We will conduct grey literature searches for registered dissertations and theses. Inclusion and exclusion criteria will be kept broad. Qualitative and quantitative studies published in English or French that investigated and reported percieved barriers or facilitators to postpartum CVD screening and preventive care among women with previous GDM and HDP will be included. Individual, interpersonal, organizational, and system level factors will be reported. Qualitative findings will be summarised narratively, and quantitative findings will be absorbed within the themes using the multisource synthesis method. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: This review represents one objective of a larger project that was reviewed by the Ottawa Health Sciences Network Research Ethics Board (QI-184). We will disseminate knowledge emanating from this review through open-access publication, presentation/public forums on women's cardiovascular health, women's CVD prevention forums and social media. We will also present the findings of this review at the annual meeting of the Canadian Women's Heart Health Alliance.
Perinatal and Postpartum Health Among People With Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities; IMPORTANCE Small, geographically limited studies report that people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have increased risk for serious pregnancy-related and birth-related challenges, including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and increased anxiety and depression, than their peers. United States–based population-level data among people with IDD are lacking. OBJECTIVES To identify perinatal and postpartum outcomes among a national, longitudinal sample of people with IDD enrolled in public health insurance, compare subgroups of people with IDD, and compare outcomes among people with IDD with those of peers without IDD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This retrospective cohort study used national Medicaid claims from January 1, 2008, to December 31, 2019, for 55 440 birthing people with IDD and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD. Medicaid funds almost half of all births and is the largest behavioral health insurer in the US, covering a robust array of services for people with IDD. Statistical analysis was performed from July 2023 to June 2024. EXPOSURE People who had a documented birth in Medicaid during the study years. MAIN OUTCOME AND MEASURES Perinatal outcomes were compared across groups using univariate and multivariate logistic regression. The probability of postpartum anxiety and depression was estimated using Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression. RESULTS The study sample included 55 440 birthing people with IDD (including 41 854 with intellectual disabilities [ID] and 13 586 with autism; mean [SD] age at first delivery, 24.9 [6.7] years) and a random sample of 438 557 birthing people without IDD (mean [SD] age at first delivery, 26.4 [6.3] years). People with IDD were younger at first observed delivery, had a lower prevalence of live births (66.6% vs 76.7%), and higher rates of obstetric conditions (gestational diabetes, 10.3% vs 9.9%; gestational hypertension, 8.7% vs 6.1%; preeclampsia, 6.1% vs 4.4%) and co-occurring physical conditions (heart failure, 1.4% vs 0.4%; hyperlipidemia, 5.3% vs 1.7%; ischemic heart disease, 1.5% vs 0.4%; obesity, 16.3% vs 7.4%) and mental health conditions (anxiety disorders, 27.9% vs 6.5%; depressive disorders, 32.1% vs 7.5%; posttraumatic stress disorder, 9.5% vs 1.2%) than people without IDD. The probability of postpartum anxiety (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR], 3.2 [95% CI, 2.9-3.4]) and postpartum depression (AHR, 2.4 [95% CI, 2.3-2.6]) was significantly higher among autistic people compared with people with ID only and people without IDD. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this retrospective cohort study, people with IDD had a younger mean age at first delivery, had lower prevalence of live births, and had poor obstetric, mental health, and medical outcomes compared with people without IDD, pointing toward a need for clinician training and timely delivery of maternal health care. Results highlight needed reproductive health education, increasing clinician knowledge, and expanding Medicaid to ensure access to care for people with IDD.
Global lessons on delivery of primary healthcare services for people with non-communicable diseases: Convergent mixed methods; Objective To extract key lessons on primary healthcare (PHC) service delivery strategies for non-communicable diseases (NCD) from the work of researchers funded by the Global Alliance for Chronic Diseases (GACD). Design A convergent mixed methods study that extracted data using a standardised template from research projects funded by the GACD that focused on PHC. The strategies implemented in these studies were mapped onto the PHC Performance Initiative framework. Semistructured qualitative interviews were conducted with researchers from purposefully selected projects to understand the strategies and contextual factors in more depth. Setting PHC contexts from low or middle-income countries (LMIC) as well as vulnerable groups within high-income countries. Projects came from all regions of the world, particularly East Asia and Pacific, sub-Saharan Africa, South Asia, Latin America and Caribbean. Participants The study extracted data on 84 research projects and interviewed researchers from 16 research projects. Results Research projects came from all regions of the world, and mainly focused on diabetes (35.3%), hypertension (28.3%) and mental health (27.6%). Mapped onto the PHC Performance Initiative framework: 49.4% focused on high-quality PHC (particularly the comprehensiveness of NCD care, 41.2%); 41.2% on the availability of PHC services (particularly the competence of healthcare workers, 36.5%); 35.3% on population health management (particularly community-based services, 35.3%); 34.1% on facility organisation and management (particularly team-based care, 20.0%) and 31.8% on access (particularly digital technology, 23.5%). Most common strategies were task shifting and training to improve the comprehensiveness of NCD care through community-based services. Contextual factors related to inputs: infrastructure, equipment and medication, workforce (particularly community health workers), finances, health information systems and digital technology. Conclusion Key strategies and contextual factors to improve PHC service delivery for NCDs in LMICs were identified. These strategies should combine with other strategies to strengthen the PHC system as a whole, while improving care for NCDs.
Impact of Maternal–Fetal Environment on Outcomes Following the Hybrid Procedure in the Single Ventricle Population; Treatment of infants with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) remains challenging, and those affected remain with significant risks for mortality and morbidity throughout their lifetimes. The maternal–fetal environment (MFE) has been shown to affect outcomes for infants with HLHS after the Norwood procedure. The hybrid procedure, comprised of both catheterization and surgical components, is a less invasive option for initial intervention compared to the Norwood procedure. It is unknown how the MFE impacts outcomes following the hybrid procedure. This is a single-center, retrospective study of infants born with HLHS who underwent hybrid palliation from January 2009 to August 2021. Predictor variables analyzed included fetal, maternal, and postnatal factors. The primary outcome was mortality prior to Stage II palliation. We studied a 144-subject cohort. There was a statistically significant difference in mortality prior to stage II palliation in infants with prematurity, small for gestational age, and aortic atresia subtype (p < 0.001, p = 0.009, and p = 0.008, respectively). There was no difference in mortality associated with maternal diabetes, hypertension, obesity, smoking or illicit drug use, or advanced maternal age. State and national area deprivation index scores were associated with increased risk of mortality in the entire cohort, such that infants born in areas with higher deprivation had a higher incidence of mortality. Several markers of an impaired MFE, including prematurity, small for gestational age, and higher deprivation index scores, are associated with mortality following hybrid palliation. Individual maternal comorbidities were not associated with higher mortality. The MFE may be a target for prenatal counseling and future interventions to improve pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in this population.
Tocolytic treatment and maternal characteristics, obstetric outcomes, and offspring childhood outcomes among births at and after 37 weeks of gestation: the Japan environment and children’s study; Purpose: To evaluate differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric and offspring childhood outcomes between births at and after 37 weeks of gestation (referred to as term and post-term births) according to the use of tocolytic treatment. Methods: Data for 63,409 women with singleton births at and after 37 weeks of gestation were analyzed using data from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). We compared maternal characteristics, obstetric outcomes, and offspring childhood outcomes between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. Additionally, multivariable logistic regression models were used to calculate adjusted odds ratios for offspring childhood outcomes with significant between-group differences in the univariable analysis, with term and post-term births without tocolytic agents as the reference group. Results: We observed differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric outcomes between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. The incidence of offspring childhood developmental disorders showed no significant between-group differences. However, participants exposed to tocolytic agents had higher incidence of offspring childhood allergic disorders. The adjusted odds ratio for any of the offspring childhood allergic disorders in term and post-term births with tocolytic agents was 1.08 (95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.13). Conclusion: This study found no significant difference in the incidence of offspring developmental disorders between term and post-term births exposed and not exposed to tocolytic treatment. However, tocolytic treatment was associated with differences in maternal characteristics and obstetric outcomes, along with a marginal increase in the incidence of childhood allergic disorders in offspring.
Superior Vesical Fissure as an Incomplete Form of Bladder Exstrophy: A Case Report with Clinico-Pathological Correlation and a Comprehensive Literature Review; Multiple variants of classic bladder exstrophy have been described, all of them infrequent. Superior vesical fissure is a mild variant of this pathology in which genital involvement is scarce or absent. To date, there are only isolated reports of this entity. We report a full-term female patient of Arabian descent with a clinical and radiological diagnosis of superior vesical fissure that was surgically corrected in our center with a favorable evolution. Histological study, supported by immunohistochemical techniques, showed squamous and transitional epithelium and discrete chronic inflammation. Our literature review identified 26 reports of superior vesical fissure (including ours), with high heterogeneity in terms of clinical characterization and associated malformations and with only two histological reports. The clinical evolution of the patients reported in the literature was favorable, with lower morbidity and mortality than in classical forms of bladder exstrophy.
Development and validation of a nomogram for individualized prediction of spontaneous extremely preterm birth at < 28 weeks in twin pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study; Purpose: To develop a nomogram to predict spontaneous preterm birth at < 28 weeks in pregnant women with twin pregnancies. Methods: We retrospectively studied the medical records of twin-pregnancy women with asymptomatic cervical dilation or cervical shortening between December 2015 to February 2022 in two hospitals. Data from one center was used to develop the model and data from the other was used to evaluate the model. Results: A total of 270 twin pregnancies were enrolled in the study. We incorporated 4 items (cervical length, cervical dilation, C-reactive protein and the use of cerclage) to build the 28-week nomogram with satisfactory discrimination and calibration when applied to the validation sets. The C index for the 28-week nomogram in the development and external cohort was 0.88 (95% CI, 0.84–0.93) and 0.89 (95% CI, 0.80–0.98), respectively. The nomogram reached a sensitivity of 70.70%, specificity of 97.10%, positive predicted value of 95.61% and negative predicted value of 78.77%. Moreover, the decision curve analysis indicated that the nomogram showed positive clinical benefit. Conclusion: We developed and validated a nomogram with good performance in predicting individual risk of spontaneous preterm birth at < 28 in twin pregnancy.
New definitions, old complications: The association between duration of transition from latent to active labor and adverse obstetrical outcomes; Objective: To explore the relationship between the duration of transition from latent to active labor and various obstetric, maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on term, singleton deliveries at Soroka University Medical Center from 2013 to 2018. Data were extracted from electronic medical records. The exposure variable was defined as prolonged transition, which was itself defined as the upper 10th centile of dilation duration from 4 to 6 cm. Clinical and demographic characteristics were compared using χ2 test. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the contribution of a prolonged transition with each adverse outcome adjusting for potential confounders. Results: In all, 12 104 deliveries met the inclusion criteria. The mean ± standard deviation of duration of dilation from 4 to 6 cm was 03:07:58 ± 03:03:42 (hours:minutes:seconds). Progress curves varied significantly among patients with different obstetrical and demographic characteristics. Prolonged transition was significantly linked to an increased risk of cesarean delivery (adjusted odds raito 2.607, 95% confidence interval 2.171–3.130, area under the curve 0.689) and higher rates of maternal and neonatal morbidity. Conclusions: Patients experiencing transition phases exceeding the 90th centile faced an elevated risk of cesarean delivery and postpartum complications. Future studies should focus on interventions during the transition phase to improve pregnancy outcomes and enhance patient safety.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with pre-excitation syndrome; Introduction: Pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome are more likely to develop supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) during pregnancy and delivery, leading to an increased risk of adverse events. Method: This was a retrospective study of 309 pregnancies in 280 women (29 women had two pregnancies in this series) with pre-excitation syndrome who delivered at West China Second University Hospital from June 2011 to October 2021. All the 309 pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were divided into SVT and non-SVT groups to analyze the cardiac and obstetric complications. Results: Among the included pregnant women in the past 10 years, the prevalence of pre-excitation syndrome was 0.24% (309/127725). There were 309 cases with pre-excitation syndrome in all hospitalized pregnant women. Among them, 62 (20.1%, 62/309) had a history of SVT. In the 62 cases with SVT during pregnancy, 22 (35.5%) cases had a history of SVT. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with SVT during pregnancy. The cesarean section rate was 88.7% in the SVT group, which was significantly higher than that in the non-SVT group (64.8%) (P < 0.001). Cases with SVT during pregnancy had more cardiac and obstetric complications. Four fetal deaths were recorded in the SVT group. Additionally, 29 women experienced two pregnancies during the study period, among whom, five received radiofrequency ablation after the first delivery and obtained better outcomes in the second pregnancy. Conclusion: The adverse outcomes such as cardiac complications, maternal and fetal complications (PROM, prematurity, SGA, fetal distress, etc.) in pregnant women with pre-excitation syndrome were closely related to SVT, with possible risk factors including history of SVT before pregnancy, cardiac function, heart organic abnormalities, and gestational diabetes mellitus.
Safety of Monoclonal Antibodies Inhibiting PCSK9 in Pregnancy: Disproportionality Analysis in VigiBase®; Safety data on the use of monoclonal antibodies inhibiting proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 in pregnancy are scarce. This study queried VigiBase®, the World Health Organization global pharmacovigilance database, to search for signals of disproportionate reporting for pregnancy outcomes with alirocumab and evolocumab. As of November 22, 2023, there were 45 safety reports of exposure to evolocumab (N = 31) and alirocumab (N = 14) in pregnancy. Most of them originated from Europe (N = 25, 55.6%) and were more frequently reported by healthcare professionals (N = 35, 77.8%). Median patient age was 37 years (25th–75th percentiles; 32–41 years). Drug exposure occurred during pregnancy in 36 (80.0%) safety reports, via paternal exposure during pregnancy in four (8.9%), during lactation in three (6.7%), and in two safety reports the time of drug exposure remained unknown. Twenty safety reports (57.8%) merely reported drug exposure, while 19 (42.2%) also reported pregnancy outcomes, however, without specific maternal toxicities or patterns of birth defects. Spontaneous abortion was reported in eight safety reports without representing a signal of disproportionate reporting compared with either the full database (reporting odds ratio, ROR, 0.06 95% confidence interval, CI 0.03–0.12) or statins (ROR 0.16, 95% CI 0.08–0.32). In conclusion, this study showed that, currently, there are no signals of increased reporting of spontaneous abortion with alirocumab and evolocumab compared with the full database and statins in VigiBase®. Notwithstanding, lack of disproportionality is not synonymous with safety and, as disproportionality analyses depend on the number of safety reports that progressively accumulate in VigiBase®, they should be repeated at regular intervals to confirm the results of the present study.
Empagliflozin and Risk of Incident Gout: Analysis from the EMPagliflozin Comparative Effectiveness and SafEty (EMPRISE) Cohort Study; Background: Hyperuricemia is frequently observed in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and is associated with increased risk of gout and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Empagliflozin lowers serum urate levels by enhancing its urinary excretion. Objective: To compare initiators of empagliflozin vs dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4i) and initiators of empagliflozin vs glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA) with respect to the risk of incident gout events. Design and Participants: Using three claims-based datasets from 08/2014 to 09/2019, we generated two cohorts (cohort 1: empagliflozin vs DPP4i; cohort 2: empagliflozin vs GLP-1RA) of adult patients with T2D and without prior history of gout or gout-specific medication dispensing separately in each dataset. To assess the risk of incident gout, we estimated hazard ratios (HR) and rate differences (RD) per 1000 person-years (PY) with their 95% confidence intervals (CI) before and after 1:1 propensity score (PS) matching adjusting for 141 baseline covariates. Key Results: We identified 102,262 pairs of 1:1 propensity score-matched adults in cohort 1 and 131,216 pairs in cohort 2. Over a mean follow-up period of 8 months on treatment, the risk of gout was lower in patients initiating empagliflozin compared to DPP4i (HR = 0.69: 95% CI (0.60–0.79); RD = − 2.27: 95% CI (− 3.08, 1.46)) or GLP-1RA (HR = 0.83: 95% CI (0.73–0.94); RD = − 0.99: 95% CI (− 1.66, − 0.32)). Results were consistent across subgroups (sex, age, body mass index, chronic kidney disease, heart failure, cardiovascular disease, and concurrent diuretic use) and sensitivity analyses. Conclusions: Among adults with T2D, the initiation of empagliflozin vs a DPP4i or GLP-1RA was associated with lower risk of incident gout, complementing results from a post hoc analysis of the EMPA-REG OUTCOME trial and previously published observational research focusing on the sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitor class in more narrowly defined study populations.
Perinatal outcomes among pregnant patients with peripartum coronavirus disease 2019 infection; Purpose: Evaluate maternal and neonatal outcomes in peripartum coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) positive women. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted, comparing outcomes between women with and without peripartum COVID-19. All singleton deliveries from June 2020 to January 2022 were included. Univariate analysis was followed by multivariate analysis. Results: Of 26,827 singleton deliveries, 563 women had peripartum COVID-19, associated with preterm deliveries both near-term and remote from term [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.6 and 2.0, respectively, p = 0.007 and 0.003]. Women with peripartum COVID-19 had a significantly higher rate of disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) (aOR 23.0, p < 0.001). Conversely, peripartum COVID-19 peripartum COVID-19 was negatively associated with premature rupture of membranes and prolonged maternal length of stay (aOR 0.7 and 0.5, respectively, p = 0.006 and <0.001). In cesarean delivery (CDs), patients with COVID-19 had higher rate of urgent CDs (75.5 vs. 56.1%, p < 0.001), higher rate of regional anesthesia (74.5 vs. 64.9%, p = 0.049), and longer anesthesia duration (86.1 vs. 53.4 min, p < 0.001). CD rate due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) was significantly higher in women with COVID-19 (29.6 vs. 17.4%, p = 0.002). Conversely, CDs rate due to history of previous single CD was significantly higher in patients without COVID-19 diagnosis (13.6 vs. 4.1%, p = 0.006). Concerning neonatal outcomes, an association has been observed between COVID-19 and low one-minute APGAR score <5, as well as neonatal COVID-19 infection (aOR 61.8 and 1.7 respectively, p < 0.001 and p = 0.037). Conclusions: Peripartum COVID-19 is associated with preterm deliveries, urgent CDs and DIC, potentially aligning with the infection’s pathophysiology and coagulation alterations.
Effect of administration routes of oxytocin on hemoglobin in neonates with delayed umbilical cord clamping: a multi-centre randomized controlled clinical trial; Purpose: To evaluate the effect of intravenous infusion versus intramyometrial injection of oxytocin on hemoglobin levels in neonates with delayed umbilical cord clamping during cesarean section. Methods: The multi-centre randomized controlled trial was performed at three hospitals from February to June 2023. Women with term singleton gestations scheduled for cesarean delivery were allocated to receive an intravenous infusion of 10 units of oxytocin or a myometrial injection of 10 units of oxytocin during the surgery. The primary outcome was neonatal hemoglobin at 48 to 96 h after birth. Secondary outcomes were side-effects of oxytocin, postpartum haemorrhage, phototherapy for jaundice, feeding at 1 month, maternal and neonatal morbidity and re-admissions. Results: A total of 360 women were randomized (180 women in each group). The mean neonatal hemoglobin did not show a significant difference between the intravenous infusion group (194.3 ± 21.7 g/L) and the intramyometrial groups (195.2 ± 24.3 g/L) (p = 0.715). Secondary neonatal outcomes, involving phototherapy for jaundice, feeding at 1 month and neonatal intensive care unit admission were similar between the two groups. The maternal outcomes did not differ significantly between the two groups, except for a 200 mL higher intraoperative infusion volume observed in the intravenous group compared to the intramyometrial group. Conclusion: Among women undergoing elective cesarean delivery of term singleton pregnancies, there was no significant difference in neonatal hemoglobin at 48 to 96 h after birth between infants with delayed cord clamping, whether the oxytocin was administrated by intravenous infusion or intramyometrial injection. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical trial registry: ChiCTR2300067953 (1 February 2023).
Development of a new health-related quality of life measure for people with diabetes who experience hypoglycaemia: the Hypo-RESOLVE QoL; Aims/hypothesis: Valid and reliable patient-reported outcome measures are vital for assessing disease impact, responsiveness to healthcare and the cost-effectiveness of interventions. A recent review has questioned the ability of existing measures to assess hypoglycaemia-related impacts on health-related quality of life for people with diabetes. This mixed-methods project was designed to produce a novel health-related quality of life patient-reported outcome measure in hypoglycaemia: the Hypo-RESOLVE QoL. Methods: Three studies were conducted with people with diabetes who experience hypoglycaemia. In Stage 1, a comprehensive health-related quality of life framework for hypoglycaemia was elicited from semi-structured interviews (N=31). In Stage 2, the content validity and acceptability of draft measure content were tested via three waves of cognitive debriefing interviews (N=70 people with diabetes; N=14 clinicians). In Stage 3, revised measure content was administered alongside existing generic and diabetes-related measures in a large cross-sectional observational survey to assess psychometric performance (N=1246). The final measure was developed using multiple evidence sources, incorporating stakeholder engagement. Results: A novel conceptual model of hypoglycaemia-related health-related quality of life was generated, featuring 19 themes, organised by physical, social and psychological aspects. From a draft version of 76 items, a final 14-item measure was produced with satisfactory structural (χ2=472.27, df=74, p<0.001; comparative fit index =0.943; root mean square error of approximation =0.069) and convergent validity with related constructs (r=0.46–0.59), internal consistency (α=0.91) and test–retest reliability (intraclass correlation coefficient =0.87). Conclusions/interpretation: The Hypo-RESOLVE QoL is a rigorously developed patient-reported outcome measure assessing the health-related quality of life impacts of hypoglycaemia. The Hypo-RESOLVE QoL has demonstrable validity and reliability and has value for use in clinical decision-making and as a clinical trial endpoint. Data availability: All data generated or analysed during this study are included in the published article and its online supplementary files (https://doi.org/10.15131/shef.data.23295284.v2). Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.)
Alteration of Maternal Serum Ferritin in Pregnancy and Maternal-fetal Infections: A retrospective cohort study; Objectives: To investigate the association of altered serum ferritin during pregnancy with chorioamnionitis and neonatal sepsis. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included 78,521 pregnant women who attended antenatal check-ups at maternal and child health centers in Fujian Province, China. Study lasted from January 2014 to January 2019. A total of 59,812 pregnant women were followed up. Patients with suspected infection before the delivery were selected and divided into the chorioamnionitis and non-chorioamnionitis groups according to placental pathology. Differences in late and early pregnancy serum ferritin between the two groups were compared. Multiple logistics regression was used to adjust for confounding factors and to analyze the association between serum ferritin changes and pregnancy outcomes. Importance of altered serum ferritin during pregnancy was assessed by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and net reclassification index (NRI). Results: Clinical records of 8506 pregnant women were included in the study. there were 1010 (11.9%) cases of confirmed chorioamnionitis and 263 (3.1%) cases of neonatal sepsis. There was a significant difference in maternal serum ferritin changes between the groups with and without chorioamnionitis. No significant difference was detected in cases with or without neonatal sepsis. Multiple logistic regressions, corrected for confounding factors yielded similar conclusions. Maternal serum ferritin difference NRI 12.18% (p = 0.00014) was similar to the ROC results in predicting the occurrence of chorioamnionitis. Conclusion: Differential serum ferritin during pregnancy may predict chorioamnionitis but does not correlate well with neonatal sepsis.
Unraveling the role of microRNAs: potential biomarkers for gestational diabetes mellitus revealed through RNA sequencing analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant health risks for both mothers and children, contributing to long-term complications such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. This study explores the potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for GDM by analyzing peripheral blood samples from GDM patients. Method: Ten samples, including peripheral blood from 5 GDM patients and 5 controls, were collected to perform the RNA sequencing analysis. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: A total of 2287 miRNAs were identified, 229 of which showed differential expression. Validation by qRT-PCR confirmed significant up-regulation of miR-5193, miR-5003-3p, miR-3127-5p, novel-miR-96, miR-6734-5p, and miR-122-5p, while miR-10395-3p was down-regulated. Bioinformatics analyses revealed the involvement of these miRNAs in pathways associated with herpes simplex virus 1 infection. Conclusion: This study provides insights into the differential expression of miRNAs in GDM patients and their potential roles in disease pathogenesis. It suggests that the differentially expressed miRNAs could serve as potential biomarkers for GDM, shedding light on the complex molecular mechanisms involved.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with PCOS and endometriosis: a population database cohort; Purpose: PCOS and endometriosis are independent risk factors for perinatal outcomes. Little research has evaluated the concomitant effects of these conditions, nor have studies been conducted on a population database. We sought to identify the pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometriosis vs. PCOS without endometriosis. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study was performed extracting data using ICD-9 codes from the HCUP-NIS Database from 2004 to 2014. Endometriosis in women with PCOS represented the study group (n = 163), and the remaining PCOS, non-endometriosis patients constituted the reference group (n = 14,719). Subjects were included once per delivery. Demographics were compared using chi-squared tests. Confounding effects in pregnancy outcomes were controlled using binary logistic regression analysis. Results: Concomitant endometriosis and PCOS patients were more likely to be white (88.5% vs.71.0%, p < 0.001), with BMI < 30 kg/m2 (87.1% vs.77.8%, p < 0.004) and from lower income quartiles (27.1% vs.17.1%, p < 0.017) when compared to PCOS without endometriosis. Comparing pregnancy complication rates, placental abruption (p < 0.018, aOR 3.01, 95% CI 1.21–7.50), Cesarean section (p < 0.003, aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.21–2.53), deep venous thromboses (p < 0.002, aOR 74.31, 95% CI 4.57–1209.21), and venous thromboembolic events (p < 0.031, aOR 10.40, 95% CI 1.24–87.37), were increased in the study group compared to the reference group. Conclusion: Women with PCOS and endometriosis were more likely to be white, of lower socioeconomic status, lean, and experience abruptio-placenta, cesarean deliveries, and venous thromboembolisms. Since little was previously known about the combined outcomes of PCOS and endometriosis, it is difficult to counsel patients on risks. Our findings can help clinicians manage pregnant PCOS patients with endometriosis to minimize complications such as abruptio placenta and VTE.
The therapeutic potential of typical plant-derived compounds for the management of metabolic disorders; Obesity and Type 2 diabetes are prevalent metabolic dysfunctions that present significant health challenges worldwide. Available cures for these ailments have constraints with accompanying unwanted effects that persistently exist. Compounds originated from plants have recently been introduced as hopeful remedies to treat metabolic disorders because of their diverse pharmacological activities. This detailed observation gives an introduction into the treatment capacity of plant-derived compounds regarding metabolic syndromes while analyzing various groups alongside their performance in this field despite unique mechanisms designed by nature itself. Interestingly, this study provides some examples including curcumin, resveratrol, quercetin, berberine, epigallocatechin gallate (EGCG), and capsaicin, which highlights potential therapeutic impacts for future testing. However, current clinical trials inspecting human studies investigating efficacies concerning metabolism challenge present limitations. Finally, the review weighs up bad reactions possibly inflicted after administering plant-originated materials though suggestive insights will be provided later. Above all, it outlines the chance to identify novel therapies encapsulated within natural substances based upon recent developments could hold significant promise toward managing misplaced metabolisms globally.
Metformin beyond type 2 diabetes: Emerging and potential new indications; Metformin is best known as a foundational therapy for type 2 diabetes but is also used in other contexts in clinical medicine with a number of emerging and potential indications. Many of its beneficial effects may be mediated by modest effects on weight loss and insulin sensitivity, but it has multiple other known mechanisms of action. Current clinical uses beyond type 2 diabetes include: polycystic ovarian syndrome; diabetes in pregnancy/gestational diabetes; prevention of type 2 diabetes in prediabetes; and adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. As metformin has been in clinical use for almost 70 years, much of the underpinning evidence for its use in these conditions is, by definition, based on trials conducted before the advent of contemporary evidence-based medicine. As a result, some of the above-established uses are ‘off-label’ in many regulatory territories and their use varies accordingly in different countries. Going forward, several current ‘repurposing’ investigational uses of metformin are also being investigated: prevention of cancer (including in Li Fraumeni syndrome), renal protection, Alzheimer's disease, metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease and promotion of healthy ageing. Despite the longevity of metformin and its important current roles beyond type 2 diabetes in clinical medicine, it has further potential and much research is ongoing.
Optimizing metformin therapy in practice: Tailoring therapy in specific patient groups to improve tolerability, efficacy and outcomes; Metformin is the first-line medication for type 2 diabetes. It is effective and safe, provided some caution is taken in specific populations. In patients with chronic kidney disease, metformin may provide long-term benefits, and it is a first-line therapy for diabetes, but the estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) must be assessed regularly, to minimize the risk for metformin accumulation. When eGFR is 30-60 mL/min/1.73m2, the dose should be reconsidered, and sick-days education provided. Metformin should be discontinued when eGFR falls below 30 mL/min/1.73m2. Metformin accumulation may increase the risk for lactic acidosis if concomitant risk factors for hyperlactataemia (liver or respiratory insufficiency, sepsis, acute heart failure) are present; in these conditions, metformin is contraindicated, even although the available evidence is reassuring. Patients on metformin often complain of gastrointestinal side effects (mainly diarrhoea and nausea) during therapy initiation, but they may sometimes occur after years of stable therapy. These usually resolve if the dose is carefully titrated, or by switching to the extended-release formulation. Patients with obesity may benefit from the significant, although modest, metformin-associated weight loss and appetite reduction. During pregnancy, metformin is associated with a reduction of pregnancy complications, especially in obese women, but some concern remains, because metformin crosses the placenta, and it is associated with a significantly lower mean birth weight than insulin. In the elderly, gastrointestinal tolerability and renal function must be reassessed more often. Vitamin B-12 should be screened regularly in long-time metformin users because metformin may induce clinical vitamin B-12 deficiency.
Antioxidant Activity and Cardioprotective Potential of a Nanoemulsion Mix of Rosmarinus officinalis and Centella asiatica in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Zebrafish Larvae Model; Hyperglycemia affects approximately 16.7% of pregnancies worldwide, with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) accounting for nearly 84% of these cases. GDM, characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy, presents significant health risks. Rosmarinus officinalis (RO) and Centella asiatica (CA) are known for their antidiabetic and antioxidant properties, including the ability to enhance insulin secretion and inhibit phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (PEPCK) expression in the gluconeogenesis pathway. This study aims to assess the impact of a nanoemulsion of RO and CA combination (RO-CA) on heart rate, superoxide dismutase (SOD), nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2a (Nrf2a), sirtuin 1 (SIRT-1), and tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) expression in zebrafish larvae model of GDM. GDM was induced by exposure of zebrafish embryo to a 3% glucose solution in an embryonic medium. The GDM phenotype was confirmed by elevated PEPCK expression as a hyperglycemia marker. GDM zebrafish was administered RO-CA nanoemulsion at concentrations of 2.5, 5, and 10 µg/mL.from 2 hpf to 72 hpf. Heart rate was monitored using stereoscopic imaging connected to a camera, while expression levels of PEPCK, Nrf2a, SOD, SIRT-1, and TH were quantified using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Results revealed a significant decrease in PEPCK expression in the treatment groups compared to the glucose untreated group. Notably, the nanoemulsion maintained heart rate frequency and upregulated Nrf2a, SOD, SIRT-1, and TH expression, particularly at a concentration of 2.5 µg/mL. Overall, these findings suggest that the RO-CA nanoemulsion exhibits enhanced antioxidant activity and holds promise as a potential cardioprotective agent in GDM.
A Prospective Observational Study on Safety, Efficacy and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment of SGLT2 Inhibitors (Dapagliflozin and Empagliflozin) in Obese Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus; Aim: To compare the Safety, Efficacy and Cardiovascular risk assessment of sodium glucose co-transporter2 (SGLT2) inhibitors in Obese patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus. Introduction: Type 2 diabetes mellitus is a prevalent, progressive disease with a need for innovative therapeutic agents to continue to advance disease management. Sodium glucose co-transporters (SGLT2) inhibitors are recent oral hypoglycemic agents which has major advantages in terms of reducing HbA1c, FBS, PPBS, B.P and weight. These two drugs are compared in terms of efficacy and safety in Obese Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus. Many recent studies revealed that use of SGLT2 inhibitors in type-2 diabetes reduces the risk of cardiovascular death. Materials and Methods: This study was a prospective observational study done in department of endocrinology and general medicine in Tertiary care Hospital, Coimbatore. Patients with uncontrolled glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) level of >7 % are included. Study participants are randomly divided into two groups. Group A patients received oral Dapagliflozin 5, 10 mg and Group B patients received oral Empagliflozin 10, 20 mg for 6 months. The primary end points were the efficacy profile of each SGLT-2 agent in terms of body weight changes, BMI, FBS, PPBS, HbA1c and assessment of Cardiovascular Risk score. The secondary end point was to determine the safety profiles of each SGLT-2 inhibitors. Results: After 6 months of treatment, both drugs showed significant reduction in HbA1c, FBS, PPBS, Blood pressure and Body weight with P value <0.001 within the individual Treatment groups which it is statistically significant. When comparing the Hip Waist Ratio in within the individual Treatment groups the P Value 0.299 is statistically not significant. The statistical analysis was performed by using unpaired t-test for both Treatment A and Treatment B found that FBS, PPBS, HbA1c, Weight, BMI, SBP, DBP in Non hypertension patients and CV risk score shows no significant difference and SBP and DBP in hypertensive patient’s shows significant difference. The safety profile of both SGLT2 agents was observed during the study period and no major AEs were reported in the study groups UTIs, hypoglycemic episodes and Vomiting occurred more often in patients who received both Dapagliflozin and Empagliflozin. UTIs was more commonly seen in the patients who received Empagliflozin than Dapagliflozin. Conclusion: Our study demonstrated that SGLT2 inhibitors can be effectively used as an add on therapy to conventional OHAs in patients with T2DM. Both Empagliflozin and Dapagliflozin were effective in reducing glycemic parameters and both drugs showed better safety outcomes in Obese Patients with Type-2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Computer Vision for Identification of Increased Fetal Heart Variability in Cardiotocogram; Introduction: Increased fetal heart rate variability (IFHRV), defined as fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline amplitude changes of >25 beats per minute with a duration of ≥1 min, is an early sign of intrapartum fetal hypoxia. This study evaluated the level of agreement of machine learning (ML) algorithms-based recognition of IFHRV patterns with expert analysis. Methods: Cardiotocographic recordings and cardiotocograms from 4,988 singleton term childbirths were evaluated independently by two expert obstetricians blinded to the outcomes. Continuous FHR monitoring with computer vision analysis was compared with visual analysis by the expert obstetricians. FHR signals were graphically processed and measured by the computer vision model labeled SALKA. Results: In visual analysis, IFHRV pattern occurred in 582 cardiotocograms (11.7%). Compared with visual analysis, SALKA recognized IFHRV patterns with an average Cohen’s kappa coefficient of 0.981 (95% CI: 0.972–0.993). The sensitivity of SALKA was 0.981, the positive predictive rate was 0.822 (95% CI: 0.774–0.903), and the false-negative rate was 0.01 (95% CI: 0.00–0.02). The agreement between visual analysis and SALKA in identification of IFHRV was almost perfect (0.993) in cases (N = 146) with neonatal acidemia (i.e., umbilical artery pH <7.10). Conclusions: Computer vision analysis by SALKA is a novel ML technique that, with high sensitivity and specificity, identifies IFHRV features in intrapartum cardiotocograms. SALKA recognizes potential early signs of fetal distress close to those of expert obstetricians, particularly in cases of neonatal acidemia.
Gestational Exposure to Maternal Systemic Glucocorticoids and Childhood Risk of CKD; Rationale & Objective: The potential effects of antenatal glucocorticoid exposure on the health of children are unclear. We examined the association of gestational exposure to maternal systemic glucocorticoids and the risk of developing chronic kidney disease (CKD) in childhood. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting & Participants: Newborns cared for at the largest health care delivery system in Taiwan between 2004 and 2018. Exposure: Maternal prescriptions for systemic glucocorticoids between the last menstrual period and birth as a proxy for gestational exposure. Outcome: Incidence of childhood CKD, including congenital anomalies of the kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT) and other kidney diseases (non-CAKUT), over 10 years. Analytical Approach: Cox proportional hazards models with stabilized inverse probability of treatment weighting and robust sandwich estimator were used to estimate the average association between systemic glucocorticoids and incident CKD after adjustment for offspring characteristics (adjusted HR: AHR). Results: Among 23,363 singleton-born children, gestational systemic glucocorticoid exposure was significantly associated with a higher risk of childhood CKD (AHR, 1.69 [95% CI, 1.01-2.84]). Stratified analyses showed stronger associations between systemic glucocorticoids and childhood CKD within the strata of birth < 37 weeks’ gestational age (AHR, 2.38 [95% CI, 1.19-4.78]), male sex (AHR, 1.89 [95% CI, 1.00-3.55]), gestational exposure in the second trimester (AHR, 6.70 [95% CI, 2.17-20.64]), and total dose of >24 mg hydrocortisone equivalent (AHR, 1.91 [95% CI, 1.05-3.47]). Limitations: Study was limited to the Taiwan health care delivery system and childhood CKD events through the age of 10 years. Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that gestational exposure to systemic glucocorticoids is associated with the occurrence of kidney disease in childhood. If these findings are confirmed, they may inform clinicians who are considering prescribing systemic glucocorticoids during pregnancy. Plain-Language Summary: In a singleton-born cohort of neonates, maternal exposure to antenatal systemic glucocorticoids was significantly associated with a 1.7-fold increased risk of the children developing chronic kidney disease over the first 10 years of life. Children of mothers who received >24 mg of hydrocortisone equivalent, systemic glucocorticoid treatment in second trimester of gestation, and children born at <37 weeks of gestational age had a higher risk of childhood kidney disease after gestational systemic glucocorticoid exposure. If these findings are confirmed, they may inform clinicians who are considering prescribing systemic glucocorticoids during pregnancy.
Women's reproductive risk score and healthy lifestyle modification in cardiovascular disease: Findings from the UK Biobank; Background and aims: Reproductive risk factors are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. However, the combined effects of the composite reproductive risk factors on CVD are unknown. This study was performed to construct a reproductive risk score (RRS) to measure reproductive status, examine the association between RRS and CVD, and explore the modification effect of healthy lifestyle on the association in women in the UK Biobank cohort. Methods: The RRS was constructed in 74,141 female participants with data about the items derived for the RRS in the UK Biobank. The RRS was derived from 17 baseline variables, all of which indicated women's reproductive health status. We defined four categories of RRS status: low-risk group (score 0–1); low-intermediate group (score 2–3); high-intermediate group (score 4–5); and high-risk group (score 6–13). We also constructed a healthy lifestyle score (HLS) with five related factors, and categorized into unhealthy lifestyle group (score: 0–1), intermediate lifestyle group (score: 2–3) and healthy lifestyle group (score: 4–5). Results: Each point increase in the RRS was associated with a 22 % higher risk of CVD (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR): 1.22; 95 % confidence interval (CI): 1.16 to 1.28), 23 % higher risk of IHD (1.23; 1.17 to 1.31) and 19 % higher risk of stroke (1.19; 1.07 to 1.32). The percentage population-attribution risks (PAR%) were 16 % (95 % CI: 8 to 24) for CVD, 15 % (95 % CI: 6 to 24) for IHD and 18 % (95 % CI: 1 to 33) for stroke. A healthy lifestyle significantly attenuated RRS associations with the incidence of CVD and IHD. The attributable proportions due to additive interaction (p < 0.001) between RRS and HLS were 0.14 (95 % CI: 0.07 to 0.22) for CVD and 0.15 (95 % CI: 0.09 to 0.23) for IHD, respectively. Conclusions: High RRS was associated with increased risks of CVD, IHD and stroke in female participants in the UK Biobank. The early-stage identification of women with reproductive risk using synthesised indicators and appropriate healthy lifestyle interventions could be useful for the prevention of early CVD and the extension of healthy active life expectancy.
Real-World Evidence of Off-Label Use of Commercially Automated Insulin Delivery Systems Compared to Multiple Daily Insulin Injections in Pregnancies Complicated by Type 1 Diabetes; Aims: To compare glycemic control and maternal-fetal outcomes of women with type 1 diabetes (T1D) using hybrid closed loop (HCL) versus multiple daily insulin injections (MDI) plus continuous glucose monitoring. Methods: Multicenter prospective cohort study of pregnant women with T1D in Spain. We evaluated HbA1c and time spent within (TIR), below (TBR), and above (TAR) the pregnancy-specific glucose range of 3.5-7.8 mmol/L. Adjusted models were performed for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including baseline maternal characteristics and center. Results: One hundred twelve women were included (HCL n = 59). Women in the HCL group had a longer duration of diabetes and higher rates of prepregnancy care. There was no between-group difference in HbA1c in any trimester. However, in the second trimester, MDI users had a greater decrease in HbA1c (−6.12 ± 9.06 vs. −2.16 ± 7.42 mmol/mol, P = 0.031). No difference in TIR (3.5-7.8 mmol/L) and TAR was observed between HCL and MDI users, but with a higher total insulin dose in the second trimester [+0.13 IU/kg·day)]. HCL therapy was associated with increased maternal weight gain during pregnancy (βadjusted = 3.20 kg, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.90-5.50). Regarding neonatal outcomes, newborns of HCL users were more likely to have higher birthweight (βadjusted = 279.0 g, 95% CI 39.5-518.5) and macrosomia (ORadjusted = 3.18, 95% CI 1.05-9.67) compared to MDI users. These associations disappeared when maternal weight gain or third trimester HbA1c was included in the models. Conclusions: In a real-world setting, HCL users gained more weight during pregnancy and had larger newborns than MDI users, while achieving similar glycemic control in terms of HbA1c and TIR.
Evaluation of birth outcomes, congenital anomalies and neonatal complications of singletons born to infertile women treated with letrozole: A retrospective cohort study; At present, safety of letrozole administration as an ovulation-inducing drug still remains controversial. Investigation of the safety of letrozole use for the induction of ovulation in the Chinese population is scant. The present study aimed to fill this gap. Data concerning mothers using letrozole and birth outcomes of their singleton offspring were collected as the letrozole group (n=194), equivalent data from mothers using non-letrozole drugs and their singleton offspring were included as the non-letrozole group (control, n=154). Birth outcomes, congenital anomalies and neonatal complications were compared and analyzed between the two groups. Univariate analysis, Spearman's rank correlation analysis and the logistic regression model were utilized. For birth outcomes, the percentage of caesarean section deliveries in the letrozole group was lower than the non-letrozole group (43.8 vs. 56.4%, P=0.019). For congenital anomalies, no significant difference was found between the two groups (all P>0.05). The statistical P-value for the correlation between the maternal use of letrozole and neonatal complications was marginal (P=0.051). Results from the logistic regression analysis confirmed that maternal use of letrozole was not a significant contributor for neonatal complications, independent of statistical adjustment [crude odds ratio (OR), 1.436; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.803-2.569; P=0.223 vs. adjusted OR, 1.406; 95% CI, 0.748-2.643; P=0.290). The results of the present study suggested that maternal use of letrozole for ovulation induction does not associate with poorer birth outcomes or increased risk of congenital anomalies and neonatal complications.
Pregnancy Among Women Receiving Chronic Dialysis in France (2006–2020); Introduction: In women receiving chronic dialysis, fertility is impaired. The objectives of this study were to estimate the incidence rate of pregnancies among women of childbearing age (15–50 years) receiving chronic dialysis from 2006 to 2020 in France, to describe the pregnancy outcomes and renal management during pregnancy. Methods: This national observational, retrospective study was based on data from the French REIN registry matched with the National Health Data System. Results: Over the period 2006 to 2020 in France, 348 pregnancies were identified in 240 women receiving chronic dialysis. The overall incidence of pregnancy was 11.1, 95% confidence interval (CI) (9.9–12.3) cases per 1000 person-years. Hemodialysis was the predominant modality during pregnancy. Main maternal complications were preeclampsia (n = 19) and gestational diabetes (n = 11). The most obstetric complications were premature rupture of membranes (n = 14) and polyhydramnios (n = 5). These pregnancies resulted in 174 (50%) abortions (<22 weeks), including 104 elective abortions (29.9%), 44 miscarriages (12.6%), 17 therapeutic abortions (4.9%), 5 ectopic pregnancies (1.4%), and 4 hydatidiform moles (1.2%). The remaining 174 (50%) pregnancies with deliveries (≥22 weeks) resulted in 166 live births (70 full-term [42.2%], 96 preterm births [57.8%]), and 8 stillbirths. Median gestational age was 36 weeks (32–38) for 174 deliveries. Conclusion: There have been improvements in maternal and fetal outcomes regarding pregnancy on chronic dialysis. However, our study shows a significant proportion of elective abortions. Better fertility management of women receiving chronic dialysis is advised by contraception or by pregnancy planning and early multidisciplinary follow-up.
Beyond the Tailbone: A Family's Journey Through Caudal Regression Syndrome—A Triple Sibship; Background: Caudal regression syndrome (CRS), also known as caudal agenesis, results from abnormal development of the caudal aspect of the spinal cord and vertebral column due to an earlier abnormality of gastrulation. Results: This report showcases a unique scenario where three siblings, devoid of any prior family history or identifiable risk factors, exhibit symptoms of CRS and receive care at a government-run tertiary facility dedicated to children's health. In establishing a concrete diagnosis, we relied on skeletal surveys, comprehensive symptom evaluation, and medical history assessment. Additionally, we recommended further investigation through magnetic resonance imaging and genetic testing to attain a more in-depth understanding and confirmation of the condition. Unfortunately, the financial constraints faced by the parents led to the unfeasibility of pursuing these advanced diagnostic options. Given the rarity of this syndrome and the limited existing literature, our report is a significant contribution. It marks the first comprehensive exploration of CRS from the genetic and familial predisposition perspective, shedding new light on this rare condition. Conclusion: This case series pioneers our understanding of the familial and genetic connections between CRS and sacral agenesis. Strikingly, each subsequent generation has experienced more severe manifestations earlier, furnishing compelling evidence that underpins the genetic predisposition to CRS.
Up-regulation of BRD4 contributes to gestational diabetes mellitus-induced cardiac hypertrophy in offspring by promoting mitochondria dysfunction in sex-independent manner; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular disease in postnatal life. The current study tested the hypothesis that GDM caused the cardiac hypertrophy in fetal (ED18.5), postnatal day 7 (PD7), postnatal day 21 (PD21) and postnatal day 90 (PD90) offspring by upregulation of BRD4 and mitochondrial dysfunction. Pregnant mice were divided into control and GDM groups. Hearts were isolated from ED18.5, PD7, PD21 and PD90. GDM increased the body weight (BW) and heart weight (HW) in ED18.5 and PD7, but not PD21 and PD90 offspring. However, HW/BW ratio was increased in all ages of GDM offspring compared to control group. Electron microscopy showed disorganized myofibrils, mitochondrial swelling, vacuolization, and cristae disorder in GDM offspring. GDM resulted in myocardial hypertrophy in offspring, which persisted from fetus to adult in a sex-independent manner. Echocardiography analysis revealed that GDM caused diastolic dysfunction, but had no effect on systolic function. Meanwhile, myocardial BRD4 was significantly upregulated in GDM offspring and BRD4 inhibition by JQ1 alleviated GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in offspring. Co-immunoprecipitation showed that BRD4 interacted with DRP1 and there was an increase of BRD4 and DRP1 interaction in GDM offspring. Furthermore, GDM caused the accumulation of damaged mitochondria in hearts from all ages of offspring, including mitochondrial fusion fission imbalance (upregulation of DRP1, and downregulation of MFN1, MFN2 and OPA1) and myocardial mitochondrial ROS accumulation, which was reversed by JQ1. These results suggested that the upregulation of BRD4 is involved in GDM-induced myocardial hypertrophy in the offspring through promoting mitochondrial damage in a gender-independent manner.
Improving the management of type 2 diabetes in China using a multifaceted digital health intervention in primary health care: the SMARTDiabetes cluster randomised controlled trial; Background: There is limited evidence, mainly from high-income countries, that digital health interventions improve type 2 diabetes (T2DM) care. Large-scale implementation studies are lacking. Methods: A multifaceted digital health intervention comprising: (1) a self-management application (‘app’) for patients and lay ‘family health promotors’ (FHPs); and (2) clinical decision support for primary care doctors was evaluated in an open-label, parallel, cluster randomized controlled trial in 80 communities (serviced by a primary care facility for >1000 residents) in Hebei Province, China. People >40 years with T2DM and a glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) ≥7% were recruited (∼25/community). After baseline assessment, community clusters were randomly assigned to intervention or control groups (1:1) via a web-based system, stratified by locality (rural/urban). Control arm clusters received usual care without access to the digital health application or family health promoters. The primary outcome was at the participant level defined as the proportion with ≥2 “ABC” risk factor targets achieved (HbA1c < 7.0%, blood pressure < 140/80 mmHg and LDL-cholesterol < 2.6 mmol/L) at 24 months. Findings: A total of 2072 people were recruited from the 80 community clusters (40 urban and 40 rural), with 1872 (90.3%) assessed at 24 months. In the intervention arm, patients used FHPs for support more in rural than urban communities (252 (48.6%) rural vs 92 (21.5%) urban, p < 0.0001). The mean monthly proportion of active app users was 46.4% (SD 7.8%) with no significant difference between urban and rural usage rates. The intervention was associated with improved ABC control rates (339 [35.9%] intervention vs 276 [29.9%] usual care; RR 1.20, 95% CI 1.02–1.40; p = 0.025), with significant heterogeneity by geography (rural 220 [42.6%] vs 158 [31.0%]; urban 119 [27.9%] vs 118 [28.6%]; p = 0.022 for interaction). Risk factor reductions were mainly driven by improved glycaemic control (mean HbA1C difference −0.33%, 95% CI −0.48 to −0.17; p = 0.00025 and mean fasting plasma glucose difference −0.58 mmol, 95% CI −0.89 to −0.27; p = 0.00013). There were no changes in blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol levels. Interpretation: A multifaceted digital health intervention improved T2DM risk factor control rates, particularly in rural communities where there may be stronger relationships between patients and doctors and greater family member support. Funding: National Health and Medical Research Council Global Alliance for Chronic Diseases (ID 1094712).
Ten-Year Review of the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic at the Kingston Health Sciences Centre; Objectives: The postpartum Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) sees patients who have experienced pregnancy complications identified as pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, idiopathic preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction) at 6 months postpartum for CVD risk screening. This project aimed to summarise the past 10 years of the MHC and identify trends in patient characteristics, patient CVD risk assessments, and clinic attendance over time. Methods: Patients included in this study have experienced 1 or more pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator(s) and have delivered between April 2011 and April 2021. MHC patient data and the Better Outcomes Registry Network database were utilised to compare eligible and participating patient data during clinically significant time periods. Results: The clinic has seen 1030 patients in the last 10 years and their characteristics have remained largely consistent. However, there has been an increase in the proportion of patients seen because of a hypertensive disorder and an increase in the proportion of patients with obesity, abnormal total cholesterol, and elevated fasting glucose. Additionally, CVD risk scores and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome have remained consistent over the years. Regarding the clinic's outreach, patient eligibility for the MHC has been increasing while attendance has been decreasing over time. Conclusions: Overall, there remains a need to screen these patients for CVD risk and counsel them on risk reduction. There is also an opportunity to increase patient recruitment to improve attendance and to address the increased need for CVD risk screening and counselling in the community.
Treatment modification patterns of glucose-lowering agents in Saudi Arabia: A retrospective real-world data analysis; Aim: The growing number of antidiabetics has broadened therapeutic options, leading to heterogeneity in prescribing patterns. Studies identifying antidiabetics modification patterns are lacking in Saudi Arabia. Therefore, the aim of this study is to describe modification patterns in Saudi patients. Methods: Patients ≥ 18 years old with at least one antidiabetic between 2016 and 2022 were included. Follow-up started from the earliest to the last prescription. Two modification types were evaluated: “add-on,” prescribing new antidiabetics within a treatment episode, and “switching”, starting a new treatment episode after the preceding ends. Descriptive statistics were used to characterize patients and estimate events proportions. Results: Of 122,291 patients, 47.2 % had treatment interruption or modification, totaling 303,781 events. Interruptions accounted for 54 %, add-on for 11 %, and switching for 35 %. The median time to first event was 159 days. The most add-on included dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP-4) inhibitors to biguanide and sulfonylurea (8 %), and sulfonylurea to biguanide (8 %). Among 106,405 switching events, 23 % shifted from dual to monotherapy and 17 % from monotherapy to dual therapy. Conclusion: Nearly half of patients experienced modifications or interruptions, with notable shifts between monotherapies and dual therapies. These findings highlight the evolving landscape of treatment patterns in Saudi Arabia and guide future research and decision-making.
Effect of prior gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease and death in women with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II; Background: To examine whether prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), cerebrovascular disease (CeVD) and peripheral arterial disease (PAD), and all-cause mortality, in community-based women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Baseline prevalences of CHD/CeVD/PAD/prior GDM were determined in 718 females (mean ± SD age 65.5 ± 11.9 years) from the Fremantle Diabetes Study Phase II. Deaths between baseline (2008–2011) and end-2016 were ascertained. Cox regression identified predictors of mortality with GDM as a candidate variable. Results: Compared to the 673 women without GDM, the 39 (5.4 %) with prior GDM were younger, more likely Aboriginal, smokers and obese, had longer diabetes duration and higher HbA1c levels, and were more dyslipidemic (P ≤ 0.046). Prevalences of CHD (24.6 versus 23.1 %), CeVD (7.5 % versus 2.6 %) and PAD (27.5 % versus 23.7 %) were not significantly different in those without versus with prior GDM (P ≥ 0.35). There were 116 deaths (16.2 %) during 6.8 ± 1.6 years of follow-up. Age, Aboriginal ethnicity, marital status, current smoking, heart rate, estimated glomerular filtration rate, CHD and PAD were independently associated with all-cause mortality (P ≤ 0.023); GDM status did not add to the most parsimonious model (P = 0.62). Conclusions: Prior GDM does not increase CVD risk or all-cause mortality in women with type 2 diabetes.
Oxytocin vs oral misoprostol for PROM induction in nulliparas with unfavorable cervix: a randomized trial; Background: Induction of labor (IOL) is recommended following prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM). The optimal method for IOL and need for cervical ripening in those with PROM and an unfavorable cervical examination is unclear. Objective: To determine if oxytocin or oral misoprostol results in a shorter time to delivery among nulliparous patients with an unfavorable cervical examination and PROM diagnosis and to evaluate patient satisfaction with both methods. Study Design: This is a randomized clinical trial conducted at an urban tertiary care center from 2019 to 2023. Subjects were nulliparas ≥36 weeks with an unfavorable starting cervical exam (≤2 cm and Bishop <8). The primary outcome was time from IOL to delivery in hours compared between oxytocin vs oral misoprostol. Secondary outcomes included suspected intraamniotic infection, cesarean delivery, composite maternal and neonatal morbidity, and patient satisfaction (assessed by Birth Satisfaction Scale-Revised). Sub-group analyses for those with BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 and cervical dilation ≥1 cm were performed. We required 148 subjects to have 80% power to detect a 2-hour difference in time to delivery. The study was stopped early by the data safety monitoring board due to feasibility concerns in recruiting desired sample size. Results: A total of 108 subjects were randomized: 56 oxytocin; 52 oral miso. The median gestational age at induction was 39.5 weeks; the mean starting cervical dilation was 1.1 cm. There was no statistical difference in time to delivery between groups overall: 14.9 hours oxytocin vs 18.1 hours oral misoprostol (P=.06). In sub-group analyses, there was a 5 hours shorter time to delivery with oxytocin for those with a BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 (16.6 hours oxytocin vs 21.8 hours oral misoprostol, P .04) and 4.5 hours shorter time to delivery with oxytocin for those with cervix ≥1 cm (12.9 hours oxytocin vs 17.3 hours oral misoprostol, P .04). There were no differences in intraamniotic infection, cesarean delivery, maternal or neonatal morbidity between the groups. Patient satisfaction was higher for those receiving oxytocin compared to misoprostol (29.0 vs 26.3, P=.03). Conclusion: Among nulliparas with PROM and an unfavorable cervix, there was no difference in overall time to delivery between oxytocin and oral misoprostol. This result should be interpreted with caution given early study discontinuation and inadequate power. However, a shorter time to delivery with oxytocin was noted in obese patients and those with cervical dilation of at least 1 cm. Furthermore, patient satisfaction was higher in the oxytocin group, and there was no increased risk of neonatal or maternal morbidity with oxytocin.
Incidence of diabetes after SARS-CoV-2 infection in England and the implications of COVID-19 vaccination: a retrospective cohort study of 16 million people; Background: Some studies have shown that the incidence of type 2 diabetes increases after a diagnosis of COVID-19, although the evidence is not conclusive. However, the effects of the COVID-19 vaccine on this association, or the effect on other diabetes subtypes, are not clear. We aimed to investigate the association between COVID-19 and incidence of type 2, type 1, gestational and non-specific diabetes, and the effect of COVID- 19 vaccination, up to 52 weeks after diagnosis. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, we investigated the diagnoses of incident diabetes following COVID-19 diagnosis in England in a pre-vaccination, vaccinated, and unvaccinated cohort using linked electronic health records. People alive and aged between 18 years and 110 years, registered with a general practitioner for at least 6 months before baseline, and with available data for sex, region, and area deprivation were included. Those with a previous COVID-19 diagnosis were excluded. We estimated adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) comparing diabetes incidence after COVID-19 diagnosis with diabetes incidence before or in the absence of COVID-19 up to 102 weeks after diagnosis. Results were stratified by COVID-19 severity (categorised as hospitalised or non-hospitalised) and diabetes type. Findings: 16 669 943 people were included in the pre-vaccination cohort (Jan 1, 2020–Dec 14, 2021), 12 279 669 in the vaccinated cohort, and 3 076 953 in the unvaccinated cohort (both June 1–Dec 14, 2021). In the pre-vaccination cohort, aHRs for the incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 (compared with before or in the absence of diagnosis) declined from 4·30 (95% CI 4·06–4·55) in weeks 1–4 to 1·24 (1·14–1.35) in weeks 53–102. aHRs were higher in unvaccinated people (8·76 [7·49–10·25]) than in vaccinated people (1·66 [1·50–1·84]) in weeks 1–4 and in patients hospitalised with COVID-19 (pre-vaccination cohort 28·3 [26·2–30·5]) in weeks 1–4 declining to 2·04 [1·72–2·42] in weeks 53–102) than in those who were not hospitalised (1·95 [1·78–2·13] in weeks 1–4 declining to 1·11 [1·01–1·22] in weeks 53–102). Type 2 diabetes persisted for 4 months after COVID-19 in around 60% of those diagnosed. Patterns were similar for type 1 diabetes, although excess incidence did not persist beyond 1 year after a COVID-19 diagnosis. Interpretation: Elevated incidence of type 2 diabetes after COVID-19 is greater, and persists for longer, in people who were hospitalised with COVID-19 than in those who were not, and is markedly less apparent in people who have been vaccinated against COVID-19. Testing for type 2 diabetes after severe COVID-19 and the promotion of vaccination are important tools in addressing this public health problem. Funding: UK National Institute for Health and Care Research, UK Research and Innovation (UKRI) Medical Research Council, UKRI Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council, Health Data Research UK, Diabetes UK, British Heart Foundation, and the Stroke Association.
Comparison of Risk Factors and Symptoms in the STEMI Cohort in Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District; Background: Wollongong Hospital is the major referral centre for cardiac patients with a population of 410,000 people. Everyone is at risk of Acute Myocardial Infarction. Research suggests that heart disease symptoms in women may differ from men. Aim: Compare traditional cardiovascular risk factors with presenting symptoms in all patients who are diagnosed with STEMI in ISLHD. Traditional risk factors assessed include smoking, hypertension, diabetes, hypercholesterolaemia and prior ischaemic heart disease. Female only risk factors include menopausal status and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Method: A retrospective audit of electronic medical records with a presenting diagnosis of STEMI over a six-month period, January to June 2023. Results: There were 96 patients: 32 were women and 64 men. Typical symptoms (chest pain, SOB and diaphoresis) were twice as common in men. Three times as many women presented feeling generally unwell without typical chest pain. More men had HTN, IDH, and smoking as risk factors. Whereas hypercholesterolemia and diabetes were present in more women. In this cohort the diagnosis of takotsubo, SCAD and non-obstructive CAD were all female. Only one woman from this cohort was questioned about women’s only risk factors such as PCOS, gestational diabetes, early menopause and pre-eclampsia. Conclusion: In this cohort women appear to present with atypical symptoms. It is noted that women aren’t routinely asked about gender specific risk factors. If women’s only risk factors were included on assessment this may result in earlier testing for heart disease and potentially avoiding MI, thereby reducing mortality rates.
Prevalence and association of placental lesions with obstetrical features and outcome: data from French prospective study; Purpose: Since the Consensus Statement diffused by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group, knowledge of the meaning of placental vascular malperfusion has become essential in the unavoidable analysis of obstetrical history in a patient followed for autoimmune disease or any other maternal comorbidity. We aimed to analyse the prevalence of various placental lesions from a 6-months prospective observational study and to correlate the various placental profiles to obstetrical outcome, maternal diseases and pregnancy treatments. The frequency of foetal vascular malperfusion lesion could be estimated at 8.7%, in our population and to understand its neonatal associations. Methods: The study groups consisted of 208 consecutive women which ended the pregnancy and have placental analysis during the period of the study. Results: From December 2015 to October 2017, from overall 4398 delivered pregnancies in university obstetrical department, 208 (4.7%) placental analysis have been done and included in the study. The placental analysis have been done for vascular obstetrical complications during the pregnancy (n = 106; 51%), unexplained abnormal foetal heart rate tracings (n = 59; 28,3%), suspicion of intra-amniotic infection (n = 12; 5,7%%), term new-borns Apgar score <7 or arterial cord blood pH ≤ 7 (n = 7; 3,5%), spontaneous preterm delivery (n = 19; 9,1%), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (n = 5; 2,4%). An adverse obstetrical event was noted in 87 cases (42%): preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (n = 15; 7%), FGR (n = 59; 28%), gestational diabetes (n = 33; 16%) and gestational hypertension (n = 19; 9%). Placental histological analysis showed abnormal vascular features in 159 cases (76%), inflammatory features in 16 placentas (8%), vascular and inflammatory features in 10 cases (4%), chorioamnionitis in 38 cases (18%) and absence of any abnormality in 43 cases (21%). A cluster analysis of histological features allowed distinguishing three placental patterns: a normal pattern characterised by the absence of any placental lesions, an inflammatory pattern characterised by the presence of villitis and/or chronic intervillositis; a vascular pattern with the presence of thrombosis, maternal floor infarct with massive perivillous fibrin deposition, infarction and chronic villositis hypoxia. Women with inflammatory placental profile have significantly increased frequencies of tobacco use (50% vs. 9%; P = 0.03), pathological vascular Doppler (50% vs. 5%; P = 0.001), FGR (100% vs. 14%; P = 0.0001) and oligohydramnios (67% vs. 5%; P = 0.0001) than those with normal placentas. A higher rate of vascular or inflammatory lesion were observed in women with Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, where as those with inflammatory pattern have significantly more frequent FGR (100% vs 34%; P = 0.02) and oligohydramnios (67% vs 5%; P = 0.0002). Conclusion: The placenta analysis is important to understand the origin of adverse obstetrical outcome and the risk for subsequent pregnancy.
Hypertension and diabetes risk in patients with previous pregnancy-related disorders and the time to onset of the disease; Objectives: Preeclampsia and other disorders of pregnancy have been associated with a range of longer-term sequelae. This study examined rates of disease presentation following preeclampsia or other pregnancy complications within a 10-year period to identify any disease risk and time to onset of disease. Methods: An analysis was conducted on patient data collected between 2008–2017 at the Illawarra Shoalhaven Local Health District, Australia. Patients were included if they were over 18 years of age, had been pregnant within the study period, and were subsequently admitted for any cardiovascular events, kidney disease, or diabetes. Incidence rates of disease were compared between healthy pregnancies and those that included either preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GHTN), gestational diabetes (GD) or a combination of these. Results: Data from 9446 patients were analysed, comprising 66.4% uncomplicated pregnancies, 5.1% PE, 7.4% GHTN, 17.2% GD, 1.5% PE + GD, and 2.0% GHTN + GD. Only five instances of chronic kidney disease occurred. Hypertension was more common following PE, GHTN or GD, compared to healthy pregnancies (X2 = 79.1, 5, p < 0.001). The mean (±SD) time to onset was 4.3(±2.1) years for healthy pregnancies and this was similar for all conditions (range: 4.1(±1.9) to 4.4(±2.1) years). Incidence of diabetes was only increased in the GD cohort (X2 = 63.7, 5, p < 0.001). The time to onset of diabetes was similar between healthy (median(IQR): 3.4(3.0) years) and complicated pregnancies (range: 3.0(±3.2) to 5.5(±3.7) years). Conclusions: Routine screening for hypertension and diabetes following pregnancy complications is currently advised, but often not prioritised. This study has demonstrated an increased risk of hypertension and diabetes following PE, GD or GHTN and that these conditions arise four-years post-pregnancy. Keywords: Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, long-term, hypertension, diabetes, retrospective.
Association between blood lipid levels in early pregnancy and urinary organophosphate metabolites in the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background: High low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (LDL-C) during pregnancy have been associated with adverse pregnancy and offspring outcomes. While previous studies have suggested a potential link between organophosphate pesticide (OPP) exposure and higher LDL-C in the general population and agricultural workers, the relationship in pregnant women and the effect of body mass index on this relationship remain unclear. We examined the association between the urinary concentrations of OPP metabolites (dialkylphosphates) and blood lipid levels in pregnant women. Methods: We used data from the Japan Environment and Children's Study, which included 5,169 pregnant women with urinary dialkylphosphate data. We examined the association between urinary concentrations of six dialkylphosphates (DEP, DETP, DEDTP, DMP, DMTP, DMDTP) and blood lipid levels (LDL-C, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides) during the first trimester using multiple linear regression under a Bayesian paradigm. We examined the association between high LDL-C, defined as ≥90th percentile of LDL-C, and urinary dialkylphosphate concentrations, using multiple logistic regression under a Bayesian paradigm. These analyses were repeated in underweight, normal-weight, and overweight participants. Results: DEP, DMP, and DMTP were detected in >50 % of the participants. Multiple linear regression analyses did not show associations between LDL-C and these dialkylphosphates. Stratified analyses showed a positive association between DEP and LDL-C in overweight women (beta coefficient = 2.13, 95 % credible interval = 0.86–3.38, probability of direction (PD) = 100 %); however, the association was not significant (percentage in region of practical equivalence (% in ROPE) = 84.0). Higher DEP was significantly associated with high LDL-C (odds ratio = 1.32, 95 % credible interval = 1.13–1.55, PD = 100 %, % in ROPE = 0.2). Conclusions: Among overweight pregnant women in the first trimester, higher urinary DEP concentrations were associated with high LDL-C. The effects of OPP on blood lipid profiles merit further investigation.
Risk of pregnancy- and birth-related outcomes in women with familial hypercholesterolemia versus age-matched controls; Background and Aims: To study if women with familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) and their offsprings have excess risk of pregnancy-related or birth-related adverse outcomes, compared to age- adjusted women without FH and their offsprings. Further to study risks associated with statin use during pregnancy. Methods: A cross-sectional study of Norwegian women with genetically verified FH and age- matched controls. Data on women’s health during pregnancy, childbirth and in the maternity period, and children’s health at birth and up to one year of age were obtained from the Medical Birth Registry during 1967-2018. Data on statins (C10AA and C10BA) were obtained from the Norwegian Prescription database during 2005-2018. Results were presented as odds ratio (OR)s with (95% CI) adjusted for mother’s age at pregnancy, children’s birth year and parity. Results: We included 1903 FH-women with 3869 pregnancies and 33 976 control-women with 68225 pregnancies. Mean age at start of pregnancy was 28 years for both groups. A higher proportion of mothers with FH (3.4%) than controls (2.9%) experienced preeclampsia during any of their pregnancies (OR = 1.21 (1.00-1.46). No excess risk of gestational hypertension, but reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.58 (0.36-0.92) and large bleedings during birth (OR 0.81 (0.71-0.92) were observed for FH. There was no higher risk of low (<2500 grams) or high (>4500 grams) birthweight, heart malformation, stillbirths or neonatal deaths between infants born of mothers with FH compared to controls. In total 6.7% of women with FH had used statins anytime during pregnancy. The association between statin use in FH and pregnancy- and birth related outcomes will be presented. Conclusions: Based on the significant number of pregnancies in both cases and controls, our results suggests that except for a higher proportion of preeclampsia cases, genetically verified FH is not associated with any negative outcomes of pregnancy and birth.
“Early detection of cardiovascular risk factors in women following gestational diabetes mellitus: A cohort study”; Background and Aims: In recent observations, high susceptibility to cardiovascular disease has been identified in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Consequently, it becomes imperative to investigate the emerging risk profile of women with previous GDM. We aimed to ascertain the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM at 18 months post-partum. Methods: Cohort Study. We evaluated Mexican women with and without GDM pre-delivery and at 18 months post-partum. Clinical, anthropometric, and biochemical data were recorded. Biochemical assessments encompassed lipid profiles, glucose levels, glycated hemoglobin, and, in cases of GDM, an oral glucose tolerance curve. The SCORE calculator estimated the probability of 10-year post-delivery cardiovascular mortality. Results: A total of 136 patients were included, with an average age of 33 years; 51.9% belonged to the GDM group. Statistically significant differences were observed in BMI (29.6 vs. 27.5, p=0.049), LDL-cholesterol (110.07±27.28 vs. 100.85±23.85, p=0.044), and non-HDL cholesterol (133.63±32.59 vs. 123.96±28.79, p=0.046) concentrations, all higher in the GDM group. One case in the GDM group exhibited LDL-cholesterol ≥190 mg/dL (1.2%). Systolic blood pressure (SBP) ≥130 mmHg was noted in 8.6% of GDM women vs. 0% in the non-GDM group (p=0.024). 14.7% of all patients smoked (p=0.242). Among GDM women, 7.1% progressed to type 2 diabetes, and 46.4% to prediabetes. Cardiovascular risk estimates at both 10 years and lifetime were higher for GDM women (0.47% vs. 0.36%, p=0.137; 18.86% vs. 14.7%, p<0.001) compared to those non-GDM. Notably, 32.1% of GDM women were identified as having moderate risk, and 4.9% had high risk, while in the non-GDM group, only 10.9% were at moderate risk, and none at high risk (p=0.001). Conclusions: GDM women exhibit elevated LDL-cholesterol and SBP, signifying these as primary cardiovascular risk factors in this population. Our findings advocate for the systematic implementation of cardiovascular prevention programs during the post-partum period, irrespective of estimated risk.
Unraveling the potential of coronary artery calcium scoring in non-cardiovascular disease risk: A critical review; Background and Aims: With the tremendous success of Coronary Artery Calcium (CAC) scoring in cardiology, its potential in assessing non-cardiovascular diseases is being explored. Emerging evidence suggests that higher CAC scores are associated with increased risk of non-cardiovascular diseases and all-cause mortality. With this review the authors aim to compile evidence on the potential of CAC in assessing non-cardiovascular diseases. Methods: A literature review was done on scholarly databases of PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, Embase and Web of Science using appropriate keywords to explore the evolving role of CAC for non-cardiovascular diseases. Results: A growing body of literature validates the role of CAC scoring for screening and risk assessment of non-cardiovascular diseases. In pulmonology, studies have concluded a direct link between CAC scores and diagnosis of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), pulmonary embolism, and pneumonia. In endocrinology, a direct association has been observed between CAC scores and incidence of diabetes, gestational diabetes, chronic kidney diseases (CKD), and osteoporosis. In gastroenterology, an association has been concluded between CAC scores and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), hepatic steatosis, nephrolithiasis, and in predicting early post-operative cardiovascular complications in liver transplant recipients. In neurology, CAC scores can predict the incidence of stroke and dementia. In psychiatry, CAC scores have been employed for estimating risk of erectile dysfunction and personality disorders. Several autoimmune diseases like psoriasis, systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), and malignancies (e.g., lung and colorectal cancer) have also been associated with CAC scores. Conclusions: The review of literature strongly suggests an association of CAC scores with various diseases, which can facilitate early disease diagnosis and prognosis. Furthermore, CAC can help assess the risk of cardiovascular conditions developing secondary to many non-cardiovascular diseases. With ample data and research studies, the application of CAC in non-cardiovascular diseases can be justified and its role in providing preventative care can be further explored.
Pregnancy in patients with the Fontan operation; Improved survival rates for patients with a Fontan circulation has allowed more women with this complex cardiac physiology to contemplate pregnancy. However, pregnancy in women with a Fontan circulation is associated with a high risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes, high rates of miscarriage, and preterm delivery. Factors associated with a successful pregnancy outcome are younger age, normal body weight, absence of significant functional limitation, no Fontan-related complications, and well-functioning single ventricle physiology. Appropriate care with timely preconception counselling and regular, frequent clinical reviews by a multidisciplinary team based at a tertiary centre improves the chance of a successful pregnancy. Empowerment of patients with education on their specific congenital cardiac condition and its projected trajectory helps them make informed choices regarding their health, reproductive choices, and assists them to achieve their life goals.
Guideline No. 452: Diagnosis and Management of Intrahepatic Cholestasis of Pregnancy; Objective: To summarize the current evidence and to make recommendations for the diagnosis and management of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. Target Population: Pregnant people with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. Options: Diagnosing the condition using fasting or non-fasting bile acids, classifying disease severity, determining what treatment to offer, establishing how to monitor for antenatal fetal wellbeing, identifying when to perform elective birth. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Individuals with intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy are at increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes including preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit, with an increased risk of stillbirth when bile acid levels are ≥100 μmol/L. There is inequity in bile acid testing availability and timely access to results, along with uncertainly of how to treat, monitor. and ultimately deliver these pregnancies. Optimization of diagnostic and management protocols can improve maternal and fetal postnatal outcomes. Evidence: Medline, PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to March 2023, using medical subject headings (MeSH) and keywords related to pregnancy, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, bile acids, pruritis, ursodeoxycholic acid, and stillbirth. This document presents an abstraction of the evidence rather than a methodological review. Validation Methods: The authors rated the quality of evidence and strength of recommendations using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. See Appendix A (Tables A1 for definitions and A2 for interpretations). Intended Audience: Obstetric care providers, including obstetricians, family physicians, nurses, midwives, maternal–fetal medicine specialists, and radiologists. Social Media Abstract: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy requires adequate diagnosis with non-fasting bile acid levels which guide optimal management and delivery timing. SUMMARY STATEMENTS: 1. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy is a common pregnancy condition manifesting in the late-second or third trimesters (moderate). 2. The etiology of intrahepatic cholestasis is complex, involving a combination of hormonal factors, genetic susceptibility, and environmental influences (low). 3. Intrahepatic cholestasis remains a diagnosis of exclusion and is based on the presence of maternal pruritis, predominantly of the palms and soles, along with elevated non-fasting bile acids (>19 μmol/L) (moderate). 4. The perinatal sequelae of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy includes increased risks of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal intensive care unit admission (moderate). Patients with intrahepatic cholestasis and bile acids ≥100 μmol/L have a significantly increased risk of stillbirth compared with the general population (moderate). 5. The mainstay of symptomatic treatment of pruritis is with ursodeoxycholic acid (10–15 mg/kg/d), given daily in 2–3 divided doses, which may also reduce the risk of preterm birth, but not stillbirth (high). 6. Antenatal fetal monitoring has not been shown to improve perinatal outcomes (moderate). 7. Symptoms as well as intrahepatic cholestasis-associated biochemical abnormalities are expected to resolve within 1–2 weeks postpartum, although they may persist up to 4 weeks in some individuals (moderate). 8. Individuals who have been diagnosed with intrahepatic cholestasis are at increased risk of future cholecystitis, cholelithiasis, pancreatic disease, goiter, and hypothyroidism (low). 9. Recurrence of intrahepatic cholestasis in future pregnancies is around 70%–90% (low). 10. In patients with a history of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy choosing hormonal contraception, progestin-only options are associated with the lowest risk of non-pregnant cholestasis (moderate). RECOMMENDATIONS: 1. Clinicians should include intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy in the differential diagnosis of any pregnant person with pruritis, particularly of the palms of the hands or soles of feet, in the late-second or third trimester (strong, moderate). 2. Laboratory investigations for intrahepatic cholestasis should include non-fasting bile acids, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, gamma-glutamyl transferase, and bilirubin. Additional testing or imaging should be guided by clinical findings and differential diagnoses (strong, moderate). 3. Clinicians and health care authorities should advocate for universally available serum bile acid testing with timely access to results (strong, low). 4. Clinicians should adopt the contemporary definition of intrahepatic cholestasis as raised non-fasting bile acid levels >19 μmol/L (strong, moderate). 5. Repeat testing of non-fasting laboratory investigations should be performed every 2–4 weeks to monitor disease progression and ascertain the highest recorded bile acid level (strong, low). 6. Atypical presentations of intrahepatic cholestasis should be referred for specialist consultation by a maternal–fetal medicine or internal medicine physician (strong, low). 7. Clinicians should counsel patients diagnosed with intrahepatic cholestasis regarding increased risks of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Furthermore, there is a significant increase in the risk of stillbirth if bile acid levels are ≥100 μmol/L, and some evidence demonstrating a modest increase in stillbirth risk with bile acid levels >40 μmol/L from 38 weeks gestation onward (strong, low). 8. While topical emollients and antihistamines may be prescribed, clinicians should offer treatment of pruritis in cholestasis of pregnancy with ursodeoxycholic acid (strong, moderate). 9. The following therapies for intrahepatic cholestasis have been shown to be ineffective and should not be prescribed by clinicians to treat the condition: dexamethasone, cholestyramine, phenobarbital, S-adenosylmethionine, activated charcoal, and epomediol (strong, moderate). 10. All pregnant individuals should be advised to monitor fetal movements as the mainstay of fetal wellbeing surveillance in intrahepatic cholestasis and to seek timely care if indicated (strong, moderate). 11. While additional fetal monitoring is not mandated in intrahepatic cholestasis, local units may offer monitoring after discussion and shared decision-making (conditional, low); in patients with bile acid levels between 40–99 μmol/L monitoring can include obstetric ultrasound for biophysical profile or electronic fetal heart rate monitoring every 1–2 weeks, and in patients with bile acid levels ≥100 μmol/L monitoring can include obstetric ultrasound for biophysical profile or electronic fetal heart rate monitoring weekly or twice weekly. 12. Based on expert opinion, clinicians should counsel their patients regarding optimal delivery timing based on the highest recorded non-fasting bile acid level: 20–39 μmol/L at 390–396 weeks gestation (conditional, low); 40–69 μmol/L at 380–386 weeks gestation (conditional, low); 70–99 μmol/L at 360–376 weeks gestation (conditional, moderate); and ≥100 μmol/L by 36 weeks gestation (strong, high) or earlier in patients with comorbidities or other risks factors (i.e., multiple pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, previous stillbirth secondary to intrahepatic cholestasis and/or severe persistent maternal pruritus). 13. Patients with intrahepatic cholestasis should be offered continuous electronic fetal heart rate monitoring in labour (conditional, low). 14. Clinicians should confirm resolution of pruritis in intrahepatic cholestasis at the 6-week postpartum visit and repeat bile acid and liver transaminase testing in those where symptoms persist (conditional, low). 15. Clinicians should pursue further workup or specialist consultation for patients with persistent intrahepatic cholestasis symptoms or biochemical abnormalities beyond the postpartum period (conditional, low). 16. Clinicians should inform patients affected by intrahepatic cholestasis that they and their family members are at a higher risk of intrahepatic cholestasis in future pregnancies (conditional, low).
Dysbiosis During Pregnancy Caused by Diet Leading To Gestational Obesity And Other Related Disease: A Review; Gestational weight gain leads to several complications during pregnancy and the postpartum period. More than 60% of pregnant women exceed the weight gain goal, resulting in postpartum weight retention and difficulties during delivery in caesarean. Recent research has shown the significant impact of gut microorganisms on the metabolic alterations that affect the physiology of pregnant women, leading to the development of metabolic disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational obesity, various cardiovascular diseases, and non-alcoholic liver diseases. The makeup of the gut microbiota undergoes modification throughout both the first and third trimesters of pregnancy. The diet consumed during this era undergoes significant modifications, leading to the development of dysbiosis. While the alteration of gut microorganisms is often transitory and returns to its former condition over time, in some instances it might result in enduring metabolic patterns. The levels of Akkermansia, Bifidobacterium, and Firmicutes have increased, and these bacteria are linked to an increased need for storing energy. This study discusses the correlation of diet and demographic factors with microbial changes during pregnancy resulting in gestational obesity and other related complications in women in Northeast India.
Clinical Profile of Acute Neurological Emergencies in Postpartum Mothers: A Hospital-based Descriptive Study; Introduction: Neurological disorders in pregnancy pose a major diagnostic challenge as they are a significant contributor to mortality and morbidity in pregnancy. Neurological complications may manifest at any time during pregnancy or puerperium even after what seemed to be a normal pregnancy. A thorough understanding of the patterns of these diseases is essential for prediction and early identification. Aim: To study the aetiology, clinical profile, morbidity and mortality patterns of acute neurological emergencies in postpartum women. Materials and Methods: This hospital- based descriptive study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at Government Vellore Medical College and Hospital, Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India between February 2021 and August 2022. A total of 76 postnatal mothers who met the inclusion criteria were selected using consecutive sampling. Details pertaining to personal, demographic, antenatal risk factors, labour/delivery and postnatal events were recorded using a pretested semi-structured questionnaire. The data were entered into Microsoft Excel and analysed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) 21.0, with the data expressed as frequency and proportion. Results: Among the 76 women included in the study, more than half were multiparous women 42 (55%) and the majority were young adults aged <25 years 48 (63.1%). The majority belonged to a low socioeconomic status (57, 75%), with headache 46 (60.5%) being the most common presenting complaint followed by seizures 45 (59%). The most common diagnosis observed was postpartum eclampsia 37 (48%). Around 34 (44.7%) of the women had associated anaemia, followed by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including Gestational Hypertension (GHTN) and severe pre-eclampsia together 33 (42%). Long-term residual morbidity was observed only in five of the survivors, two with fine motor weakness, two with remote amnesia and one with speech defects mainly attributable to irreversible damage to motor nuclei and hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy. Seven out of the 76 affected individuals succumbed to death during the hospital stay, all within seven days of admission. Conclusion: Neurological disorders in the postpartum period are a major contributor to maternal mortality, with eclampsia topping the list as the most common cause of seizures in the postpartum period.
Associations Between Sedentary Time, Physical Activity, and Cardiovascular Health in 6-Year-Old Children Born to Mothers With Increased Cardiometabolic Risk; PURPOSE: To assess associations between sedentary time (ST), physical activity (PA), and cardiovascular health in early childhood. METHOD: Cross-sectional study including 160 children (age 6.1 y [SD 0.5], 86 boys, 93 maternal body mass index ≥ 30 kg/m2, and 73 gestational diabetes) assessed for pulse wave velocity, echocardiography, ultra-high frequency 48-70 MHz vascular ultrasound, and accelerometery. RESULTS: Boys had 385 (SD 53) minutes per day ST, 305 (SD 44) minutes per day light PA, and 81 (SD 22) minutes per day moderate to vigorous PA (MVPA). Girls had 415 (SD 50) minutes per day ST, 283 (SD 40) minutes per day light PA, and 66 (SD 19) minutes per day MVPA. In adjusted analyses, MVPA was inversely associated with resting heart rate (β = -6.6; 95% confidence interval, -12.5 to -0.7) and positively associated with left ventricular mass (β = 6.8; 1.4-12.3), radial intima-media thickness (β = 11.4; 5.4-17.5), brachial intima-media thickness (β = 8.0; 2.0-14.0), and femoral intima-media thickness (β = 1.3; 0.2-2.3). MVPA was inversely associated with body fat percentage (β = -3.4; -6.6 to -0.2), diastolic blood pressure (β = -0.05; -0.8 to -0.1), and femoral (β = -18.1; -32.4 to -0.8) and radial (β = -13.4; -24.0 to -2.9) circumferential wall stress in boys only. ST and pulse wave velocity showed no significant associations. CONCLUSIONS: In young at-risk children, MVPA is associated with cardiovascular remodeling, partly in a sex-dependant way, likely representing physiological adaptation, but ST shows no association with cardiovascular health in early childhood.
A comparison of obstetric and neonatal outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and congenital adrenal hyperplasia: a retrospective analysis of a population database; OBJECTIVE: To investigate potential differences in pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes between 2 hyperandrogenic conditions in reproductive-aged women: polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH). DESIGN: Retrospective population-based study with data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database from 2004-2014. SETTING: Not applicable. PATIENT(S): A total of 14,881 women with PCOS and 298 women with CAH. INTERVENTION(S): Not applicable. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, pregnancy-induced hypertension (HTN), gestational HTN, preeclampsia, eclampsia, preeclampsia and eclampsia superimposed on HTN, preterm birth, preterm premature rupture of membrane, abruptio placenta, chorioamnionitis, mode of delivery, maternal infection, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism during pregnancy, intrapartum, or postpartum), maternal death, chorioamnionitis, septicemia during labor, postpartum endometritis, septic pelvic, peritonitis, small for gestational age, congenital anomalies, and intrauterine fetal demise. RESULT(S): After adjusting for potential confounders, we found that women with PCOS were at increased risk of developing pregnancy-induced HTN (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 1.76; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12-2.77) and gestational diabetes (adjusted OR = 1.68; 95% CI: 1.12-2.52) when compared with women with CAH. Contrary women with CAH were at increased risk for delivery via cesarean section (adjusted OR = 0.59; 95% CI: 0.44-0.80) and small for gestational age neonates (adjusted OR = 0.32; 95% CI: 0.20-0.52). CONCLUSION(S): To our knowledge, this study is the first to directly compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes between patients with PCOS and CAH. Despite the similar phenotypes and some common hormonal and biochemical profiles, such as insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, and hyperandrogenism, our results suggest the existence of additional metabolic pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of pregnancy complications.
Status, outcome, and related factors of postpartum hypertension in the Shanghai community; BACKGROUND Postpartum hypertension poses a considerable health risk. Despite research on gestational hypertension, comprehensive studies focusing on postpartum hypertension in communities are limited. Understanding its prevalence and associated risk factors is crucial for effective prevention and management. AIM To provide insights for postpartum hypertension’s prevention and management. METHODS In total, 3297 women who gave birth between June 2021 and December 2022 in Xuhui District, Shanghai were selected. Blood pressure was measured thrice within one month post-delivery during home visits. Eighty-six women with hypertension were followed up for four months to analyze hypertension persistence and its related risk factors. A predictive model for persistent postpartum hypertension was established and verified using the Nomo diagram model. RESULTS Hypertension prevalence 1 month post-delivery was 2.61% (86/3297). Among the 86 pregnant women, 32 (37.21 %) had persistent hypertension at four months post-delivery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that older age [odds ratio (OR) = 1.212; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.065–1.380] and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (OR = 1.188; 95%CI: 1.006–1.404) were associated with hypertension (OR = 10.781; 95%CI: 1.006–1.404) during pregnancy. A 95%CI of 1.243–93.480 is a risk factor for persistent postpartum hypertension. The Nomograph model accurately predicted the risk of persistent postpartum hypertension, demonstrating high precision. CONCLUSION In Xuhui, older age, higher pre-pregnancy BMI, and gestational hypertension are risk factors for persistent postpartum hypertension. Our prediction model can identify high-risk individuals, thereby improving patient quality of life.
Interrupted aortic arch: from a singular forensic case to clinical and diagnostic cue; Background. Abnormalities of aortic arch include variables related to structure, location, anatomical relationships and collateral vessels. This group includes the malformation known as “interrupted aortic arch”. During fetal life, oxygenated blood is provided by materno-fetal circulation and own fetal circulation. Case report. This work discuss of female fetus born without any vital signs at 38th week by 34-years-old primigravida affected by gestational diabetes and anemia gravidarum. Pregnancy was regular. Labor and cardiotocographic tracings were regular, natural delivery; however, at the time of umbilical cord severing the baby went into cardiocirculatory arrest. Autopsy findings were: - hypertrophied right ventricle; - no morphological changes in interventricular septum, - ascending aorta physiologically arose from the left ventricle; after the emergence of the left subclavian artery and the anonymous trunk, it suddenly stopped at cul de sac. Thoracic tract arose as a collateral branch of the pulmonary artery. In addition, Botallo duct was patent. Thus, the diagnosis of death was interruption of aortic arch resulting in cardiogenic shock and irreversible cardiovascular collapse. Conclusion. In filed case, newborn presented “type B” interruption. Interruption manifests itself between left common carotid artery and the left subclavian artery. Descending aorta arose from the pulmonary trunk. So that, in this case, right ventricle provided systemic circulation. At delivery, with the severing of the umbilical cord and physiological closure of the Botallo ductus, acute right heart failure and shock occurred. This work aims to be a cue for scientific community, in order to assist clinical and diagnostic knowledge using autopsy data with ex-post perspective.
Burden of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy before and after the universal two-child policy in Chinese women: An observational study; Background: The prevalence of high-risk pregnancy increased after the implementation of two-child policy in China, but the impact of this policy change on the burden and profile of multiple high-risk factors in pregnancy (MHFP) has been insufficiently explored. We hypothesised that the profile of MHFP might have changed after the two-child policy was implemented and aimed to estimate the prevalence, intercorrelation, and outcomes of MHFP before and after its introduction. Methods: We obtained data on the population of pregnant women before (2015) and after (2020/2021) the implementation of universal two-child policy in Huai'an. We then included 33 risk factors in our analysis based on the Five-Colour Management framework and defined MHFP as an individual having two or more of these factors. We also estimated the changes of the prevalence of each single factor and their coexistence. Lastly, we performed a network analysis to assess the intercorrelations across these factors and used logistic regression models to evaluate MHFP-related pregnancy outcomes. Results: We observed an increase in the prevalence of MHFP after the implementation of the universal two-child policy (25.8% in 2015 vs 38.4% in 2020/2021, P < 0.01). Chronic conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, abnormal body mass index) had the largest increase among the included factors, while cardiovascular disease and hypertensive disorders were central factors of the network structures. The correlations of advanced maternal age with abnormal pregnancy histories and scarred uteri increased significantly from 2015 to 2020/2021. MHFP was associated with multiple pregnancy outcomes, including preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 2.57; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 2.39-2.75), low birthweight (aOR = 2.77; 95% CI = 2.54-3.02), low Apgar score (aOR = 1.41; 95% CI = 1.19-1.67), perinatal death (aOR = 1.75; 95% CI = 1.44-2.12), and neonatal death (aOR = 1.76; 95% CI = 1.42-2.18). Moreover, an increasing number and certain combinations of MHFP were associated with higher odds of pregnancy outcomes. For example, the aOR of preterm birth increased from 1.67 (95% CI = 1.52-1.87) for one risk factor to 8.03 (95% CI = 6.99-9.22) for ≥4 risk factors. Conclusions: Chinese women experienced a higher burden of multiple high-risk factors after the introduction of the two-child policy, particularly those with advanced maternal age, obesity, and chronic conditions. Strategies targeting chronic conditions for women with MHFP should be prioritised and a shift to a multiple-factor-oriented framework is needed in the expanding Chinese maternal health care system.
Treatment Outcomes of Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 Inhibitors and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 Inhibitors in Diabetes Mellitus with Poor Glycemic Control; Background: Diabetes,a progressive disease necessitating multifaceted pharmacological interventions for glycemic control, commonly employs Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i).The ongoing challenge lies in determining the superior option for safety and efficacy. Objective: e: This study aims to describe the treatment outcomes of DPP-4 inhibitors (DPP-4i) and Sodium-Glucose Co-Transporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i) in individuals with diabetes mellitus (DM) receiving metformin with poor glycemic control. Methods: This prospective study was conducted at the Endocrinology Outpatient Department of Dhaka Medical College Hospital, Dhaka, and included 90 individuals with diabetes mellitus who met the selection criteria. Divided into two groups, Group I (n=45) received DPP-4 inhibitors plus metformin, and Group II (n=45) received SGLT2 inhibitors plus metformin. Baseline data, including HbA1c, fasting blood glucose (FBG), blood glucose 2 hours after breakfast, weight, lipid profile, and serum creatinine, were recorded at the first visit and 12 weeks. Safety was assessed based on adverse drug effects. Results: After 12 weeks, both groups exhibited significant reductions in HbA1c, FBG, and postprandial blood glucose levels. However, the SGLT-2i group demonstrated significant improvements in HbA1c (P<0.012), fasting plasma glucose (P<0.003), and postprandial glucose levels (P<0.001), along with a reduction in body weight (P<0.042). Hypoglycemia rates were low and balanced between groups. Notably, SGLT-2i usage correlated with an increased incidence of urinary tract infections (13.33% vs. 6.66% in DPP-4i) and exclusive genital infections (11.11%, P<0.022). Conclusion: Diabetic patients receiving SGLT-2 inhibitors had better glycemic control and body weight improvements in comparison to DPP-4 inhibitors. However, SGLT-2 inhibitors encountered more genital infections than DPP-4 inhibitors.
Diabetes and Fasting in Ramadan; During Ramadan, Muslims with diabetes are subjected to fasting. Worldwide, seventy-seven per cent of Muslims fast during Ramadan, about 1.8 billion (24% of the global population).They have to fast and control blood glucose as well. To maintain good health, they need to control their blood pressure and lipids and maintain their weight. Every patient with diabetes has to see their physician from one to three months before the start of Ramadan. Physicians need to stratify the risk involving people with diabetes wishing to fast. Some people with diabetes might belong to a risk or very high-risk group. Fasting during Ramadan is of the highest risk for Type 1 diabetes and diabetes with pregnancy. Physicians have to remain vigilant on comorbidities and complications of diabetes. Physicians may help people with diabetes plan their lifestyle, diet, exercise and modify medication if necessary. People with diabetes can test their blood during their daytime fast. They need to do exercises in moderation, avoiding exhaustion. Tablets with a single evening dose are preferred to control diabetes if possible. Analogue basal is the preferred insulin. The diet should be adjusted to keep the daily calorie requirement before Ramadan. It is possible to customize the type of meals honoring the religious attitude and appetite during Ramadan. Fasting is not only a religious ritual; it can potentially have multiple health benefits for people with diabetes, emphasizing the importance of maintaining good health during fasting and the audience’s responsibility and commitment.
MTHFR gene polymorphisms in diabetes mellitus; The methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), methionine synthase (MTR), and methionine synthase reductase (MTRR) are three regulatory enzymes in the folic acid (FA) cycle play a critical role in the balance of methionine and homocysteine. MTHFR and MTRR gene polymorphisms affect the biochemical activities of enzymes, impairing the remethylation of homocysteine to methionine. In 1972, severe MTHFR deficiency resulting in homocystinuria was first reported, suggesting MTHFR involvement in the disease. MTHFR C677T polymorphism can independently increase the risk of high homocysteine (HHcy) in plasma. Elevation of homocysteine levels could increase the risk of microvascular damage, thrombosis, heart disease, etc. Vascular complications were regarded as a leading major cause of diabetes mortality, and disability increases individual health and economic burden. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic inflammatory disease, and conventional medications do not provide a complete cure for diabetes. It was essential to identify other risk factors for the intervention and prevention of diabetes. MTHFR gene polymorphism is an emerging risk factor in diabetes. Recent studies have shown that polymorphisms of the MTHFR gene play a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes, including inflammation and insulin resistance. This review summarizes the association between MTHER gene polymorphism and diabetes.
Background incidence rates of health outcomes of interest for COVID-19 vaccine safety monitoring in a US population: a claims database analysis; Objective To evaluate background incidence rates of 59 health outcomes of interest (HOI) in a diverse population, including important subpopulations, during the preCOVID-19 era (1 January 2017–31 December 2019) and the COVID-19 era (1 March 2020–31 December 2020), before the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines. Design Observational retrospective cohort study. Annual incidence rates and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of HOIs were estimated for each population of interest, stratified by: age, sex, age and sex and seasonality. Data source Optum’s de-identified Clinformatics Data Mart Database (CDM). Participants Individuals from the US general population and four subgroups of interest: influenza-vaccinated, paediatric (<18 years of age), elderly (≥65 years of age) and pregnant women. Results During the COVID-19 era, the incidence of several cardiac conditions, coagulation disorders and acute liver injury increased across all populations assessed while the rates of some dermatological and neurological HOIs decreased relative to the pre-COVID-19 era. The incidence of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) varied considerably by subgroup: among the elderly, it decreased annually during the pre-COVID-19 era but peaked during the COVID-19 era; among pregnant women, it slightly increased annually during the pre-COVID-19 era and substantially increased during the COVID-19 era; among paediatrics, it decreased annually over the entire study. The incidence of the majority of HOIs increased with age, but were generally comparable between sexes with few exceptions. Cardiac, gastrointestinal, neurological and haematological HOIs, along with acute kidney injury and ARDS, were more common in males, whereas several immunological HOIs and chilblain-like lesions were more common in females. Pregnancy-related HOIs did not increase during the COVID-19 era, except for spontaneous abortions which increased annually over the entire study. Conclusion These observations help contextualise fluctuations in background rates of adverse events noted during the COVID-19 era, and provide insight on how their use may impact safety surveillance for other vaccines.
Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances and human health outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews with meta-analyses of observational studies; Background: Although evidence on the association between per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFASs) and human health outcomes has grown exponentially, specific health outcomes and their potential associations with PFASs have not been conclusively evaluated. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search through the databases of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science from inception to February 29, 2024, to identify systematic reviews with meta-analyses of observational studies examining the associations between the PFASs and multiple health outcomes. The quality of included studies was evaluated using the A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) tool, and credibility of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) criteria. The protocol of this umbrella review (UR) had been registered in PROSPERO (CRD 42023480817). Results: The UR identified 157 meta-analyses from 29 articles. Using the AMSTAR measurement tool, all articles were categorized as of moderate-to-high quality. Based on the GRADE assessment, significant associations between specific types of PFASs and low birth weight, tetanus vaccine response, and triglyceride levels showed high certainty of evidence. Moreover, moderate certainty of evidence with statistical significance was observed between PFASs and health outcomes including lower BMI z-score in infancy, poor sperm progressive motility, and decreased risk of preterm birth as well as preeclampsia. Fifty-two (33%) associations (e.g., PFASs and gestational hypertension, cardiovascular disease, etc) presented low certainty evidence. Additionally, eighty-five (55%) associations (e.g., PFASs with infertility, lipid metabolism, etc) presented very low certainty evidence. Conclusion: High certainty of evidence supported that certain PFASs were associated with the incidence of low birth weight, low efficiency of the tetanus vaccine, and low triglyceride levels.
Temporal Trends in Clinical Characteristics and Outcomes for Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: The Nationwide Multicenter Registry Over 20 Years; BACKGROUND: Although peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a fatal disease affecting young patients and fetuses, little is known about its recent prognosis and risk factors. This study investigated temporal trends in clinical characteristics and outcomes for PPCM in a nationwide multicenter registry. METHODS AND RESULTS: The study population comprised 340 patients (mean age, 33 years) who were diagnosed with PPCM between January 2000 and September 2022 in 26 tertiary hospitals in South Korea. PPCM was defined as heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤45% and no previously known cardiac disease. The main study outcomes included time to the first occurrence of all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization. The diagnosis of PPCM cases increased notably during the study period (P<0.001). However, clinical outcomes showed no significant improvement (all-cause death for 10 years: 0.9% [2000–2010] versus 2.3% [2011–2022], P=0.450; all-cause death and heart transplantation for 10 years: 3.6% [2000–2010] versus 3.0% [2011–2022] P=0.520; all-cause death, heart transplantation, and cardiovascular hospitalization for 10 years: 11.7% [2000–2010] versus 19.8% [2011–2022], P=0.240). High body mass index (hazard ratio [HR], 1.106 [95% CI, 1.024–1.196]; P=0.011), the presence of gestational diabetes (HR, 5.346 [95% CI, 1.778–16.07]; P=0.002), and increased baseline left ventricular end-diastolic dimension (HR, 1.078 [95% CI, 1.002–1.159]; P=0.044) were significant risk factors for poor prognosis. CONCLUSIONS: While the incidence of PPCM has increased over the past 20 years, the prognosis has not improved significantly. Timely management and close follow-up are necessary for high-risk patients with PPCM with high body mass index, gestational diabetes, or large left ventricular end-diastolic dimension.
Transient ischemic attack and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes—An evaluation of a population database; Objective: Transient ischemic attack (TIA) is rare in women of reproductive age. We aimed to compare perinatal outcomes between women who suffered from a TIA to those who did not. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study utilizing the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). All women who delivered or had a maternal death in the US (2004–2014) were included in the study. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between women with an ICD-9 diagnosis of a TIA to those without. Results: Overall, 9 096 788 women met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 203 women (2.2/100000) had a TIA (either before or during pregnancy). Women with TIA, compared to those without, were more likely to be older than 35 years of age, white, in the highest income quartile, be insured by private insurance and suffer from obesity and chronic hypertension. Patients in the TIA group, compared to those without, had a higher rate of pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 2.5, 95% CI: 1.55–4.05, P < 0.001), pre-eclampsia (aOR 3.77, 95% CI: 2.15–6.62, P < 0.001), eclampsia (aOR 28.05, 95% CI: 6.91–113.95, P < 0.001), preterm delivery (aOR 1.78, 95% CI: 1.03–3.07, P = 0.039), and maternal complications such as deep vein thrombosis (aOR 33.3, 95% CI: 8.07–137.42, P < 0.001). Regarding neonatal outcomes, patients with a TIA, compared to those without, had a higher rate of congenital anomalies (aOR 7.04, 95% CI: 2.86–17.32, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Women with a TIA diagnosis before or during pregnancy had a higher rate of maternal complications, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and venous thromboembolism, as well as an increased risk of congenital anomalies.
Temporal changes in pre-existing health conditions five years prior to pregnancy in British Columbia, Canada, 2000–2019; Background: Pre-existing health conditions increase the risk of obstetric complications during pregnancy and birth. However, the prevalence and recent changes in the frequency of pre-existing health conditions in the childbearing population remain unknown. Objectives: To estimate the temporal changes in the prevalence of pre-existing health conditions among pregnant women in British Columbia, Canada. Methods: We carried out a population-based cross-sectional study of 825,203 deliveries in BC between 2000 and 2019 and examined 17 categories of physical and psychiatric health conditions recorded within 5 years before childbirth. We also undertook age-period-cohort analyses to evaluate temporal changes in pre-existing health conditions. Results: The prevalence of any pre-existing health condition was 26.2% (n = 216,214) with overall trends remaining stable during the study period. Between 2000 and 2019, the prevalence rates of anxiety (5.6%–9.6%), bipolar (1.6%–3.4%), psychosis (0.7%–0.8%), and eating disorders (0.2%–0.3%) increased. The prevalence of hypertension increased sharply from 0.06% in 2000 to 0.3% in 2019. Diabetes mellitus and stroke rates increased, as did the prevalence of systemic lupus, multiple sclerosis, and chronic kidney disease. Advanced maternal age was strongly associated with both psychiatric and circulatory/metabolic conditions. A strong birth cohort effect was evident, with rates of psychiatric conditions increasing among women born after 1985. Conclusions: In British Columbia, Canada, 1 in 4 mothers had a pre-existing health condition 5 years prior to pregnancy. These findings underscore the need for multi-disciplinary care for women with pre-existing health conditions to improve maternal, foetal, and infant health.
The relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in type 2 diabetes patients with MAFLD; Purpose: To investigate the relationship between advanced liver fibrosis and osteoporosis in metabolic-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods: A total of 1144 T2DM patients were divided into the MAFLD and non-MAFLD groups, 460 T2DM patients with MAFLD (277 males aged ≥50 years and 183 postmenopausal females) were divided into N1 (advanced liver fibrosis excluded), N2 (indeterminate advanced liver fibrosis), and N3 (advanced liver fibrosis) groups according to the non-alcoholic fatty liver fibrosis score (NFS), the differences in bone mineral density (BMD) levels and prevalence of osteoporosis were compared. Based on the tertile levels of BMD of the lumbar spine (L), T2DM patients were divided into three groups (T1, T2, and T3), and the differences in the prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis were compared. Results: The BMD levels of the L4, and L1-4 in the MAFLD group were lower than those of the non-MAFLD groups in male and female T2DM patients.The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 in the N3 group were lower than those of the N2 and N1 groups in male and female T2DM patients with MAFLD, and the prevalence of osteoporosis in the N3 group of males was higher than that in the N1 group. The BMD levels of the total hip, L4, and L1-4 were negatively correlated with NFS in both males and females. The BMD levels of the total hip and L4 in males, and the BMD level of L4 in females were negatively associated with NFS. The prevalence of advanced liver fibrosis was higher in the T1 group than in the T2 and T3 groups in T2DM patients with MAFLD. Conclusion: The BMD levels in male aged ≥50 years or postmenopausal female diabetic patients with MAFLD were negatively correlated with the degree of advanced liver fibrosis, which means an increased risk of liver fibrosis with decreasing BMD.
Neonatal outcomes associated with in utero cannabis exposure: a population-based retrospective cohort study; Background: The full spectrum of associations between in utero cannabis exposure and adverse neonatal outcomes is still unclear. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the associations between in utero cannabis exposure and neonatal outcomes. Study Design: This population-based retrospective cohort study of singleton births among Kaiser Permanente Northern California members (January 1, 2011–July 31, 2020) included parent–infant dyads in which the pregnant parent was screened for cannabis use as part of standard prenatal care, generally upon entrance into care. Data were ascertained from electronic health records. Generalized estimating equation models were adjusted for sociodemographic characteristics, other non-cannabis prenatal substance use, medical and mental health comorbidities, and adequacy of prenatal care. In utero cannabis exposure was defined as self-reported use since becoming pregnant and/or a positive urine toxicology test for cannabis at any time during pregnancy (yes/no; primary exposure). Frequency of use was self-reported and categorized as daily, weekly, monthly or less, never, or unknown (secondary exposure). Neonatal outcomes included low birthweight, small for gestational age, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and infant respiratory support. Results: Of 364,924 infants, 22,624 (6.2%) were exposed to cannabis in utero. After adjustment for potential confounders, including in utero exposure to other substances, in utero exposure to cannabis was associated with greater odds of low birthweight (adjusted odds ratio, 1.20; 95% confidence interval, 1.12–1.28), small for gestational age (adjusted odds ratio, 1.24; 95% confidence interval, 1.18–1.30), preterm birth (<37 weeks; adjusted odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.00–1.13), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (adjusted odds ratio, 1.06; 95% confidence interval, 1.01–1.11). There was a suggestive association with early preterm birth (<34 weeks; adjusted odds ratio, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 1.00–1.23; P=.055), but no significant association with respiratory support (adjusted odds ratio, 1.07; 95% confidence interval, 0.97–1.18). Dose–response analysis found an increasing likelihood of low birthweight and small for gestational age with increasing frequency of prenatal cannabis use by the pregnant individual. Sensitivity analyses further supported an increased likelihood of low birthweight and small for gestational age, although associations with other outcomes did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion: In utero cannabis exposure was associated with increased likelihood of low birthweight, small for gestational age, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit admission. Clinicians should counsel individuals who are pregnant or considering pregnancy about the potential adverse neonatal health outcomes associated with prenatal cannabis use.
Intracranial calcifications simulating Aicardi-Goutières syndrome in PARS2-related mitochondrial disease; PARS2 encodes an aminoacyl-tRNA synthetase that catalyzes the ligation of proline to mitochondrial prolyl-tRNA molecules. Diseases associated with PARS2 primarily affect the central nervous system, causing early infantile developmental epileptic encephalopathies (EIDEE; DEE75; MIM #618437) with infantile-onset neurodegeneration. Dilated cardiomyopathy has also been reported in the affected individuals. About 10 individuals to date have been described with pathogenic biallelic variants in PARS2. While many of the reported individuals succumbed to the disease in the first two decades of life, autopsy findings have not yet been reported. Here, we describe neuropathological findings in a deceased male with evidence of intracranial calcifications in the basal ganglia, thalamus, cerebellum, and white matter, similar to Aicardi-Goutières syndrome. This report describes detailed autopsy findings in a child with PARS2-related mitochondrial disease and provides plausible evidence that intracranial calcifications may be a previously unrecognized feature of this disorder.
Birth outcomes associated with a natural delivery approach in a perinatal center: A comparative retrospective study; Objectives: At our center, natural home-like delivery settings have been established in or near conventional labor wards, for the care of pregnant women who prefer little or no medical intervention during labor and birth. We compared obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of women in active spontaneous labor, between those who chose to deliver in a natural-delivery setup and those who chose a conventional setting. Methods: This retrospective study included low-risk women who delivered at term between March 1, 2020 and December 31, 2022, in a single tertiary university affiliated medical center. Birth outcomes were compared between 124 women who delivered by natural birth (the study group) and 244 who gave birth in a conventional setting (the control group). Results: No cesarean deliveries were performed in the study group, compared to 18 (7.4%) of the control group, p = 0.004. Intrapartum fever, postpartum hemorrhage, and uterotonic administration were similar between the groups. For the study compared to the control group, breastfeeding was more common (71.3% vs. 12.3%, p < 0.001), analgesia administration within 48 h delivery was lower (4.1% vs. 10.7%, p = 0.033), and maternal and neonatal length of hospitalization were shorter. Of the women initially admitted to the natural-delivery room, 14 (11.5%) were transferred to a conventional-delivery room. Conclusions: Birth in a hospital natural-delivery setting was associated with increased likelihood of vaginal birth, increased immediate breastfeeding and breastfeeding at discharge, and lower postpartum pain.
Risk factors of neonatal stroke from different origins: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Given the persistent ambiguity regarding the etiology of neonatal stroke across diverse origins, our objective was to conduct a comprehensive evaluation of both qualitative and quantitative risk factors. An exhaustive search of eight databases was executed to amass all pertinent observational studies concerning risk factors for neonatal stroke from various origins. Subsequent to independent screening, data extraction, and bias assessment by two researchers, a meta-analysis was conducted utilizing RevMan and Stata software. Nineteen studies, encompassing a total of 30 factors, were incorporated into this analysis. Beyond established risk factors, our investigation unveiled gestational diabetes (OR, 5.51; P < 0.00001), a history of infertility (OR, 2.44; P < 0.05), placenta previa (OR, 3.92; P = 0.02), postdates (OR, 2.07; P = 0.01), preterm labor (OR, 2.32; P < 0.00001), premature rupture of membranes (OR, 3.02; P = 0.007), a prolonged second stage of labor (OR, 3.94; P < 0.00001), and chorioamnionitis (OR, 4.35; P < 0.00001) as potential risk factors for neonatal cerebral arterial ischemic stroke. Additionally, postdates (OR, 4.31; P = 0.003), preterm labor (OR, 1.60; P < 0.00001), an abnormal CTG tracing (OR, 9.32; P < 0.0001), cesarean section (OR, 4.29; P = 0.0004), male gender (OR, 1.73; P = 0.02), and vaginal delivery (OR, 1.39; P < 0.00001) were associated with an elevated risk for neonatal hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusions: This study provides a succinct overview and comparative analysis of maternal, perinatal, and additional risk factors associated with neonatal cerebral artery ischemic stroke and neonatal hemorrhagic stroke, furnishing critical insights for healthcare practitioners involved in the diagnosis and prevention of neonatal stroke. This research also broadens the conceptual framework for future investigations. (Table presented.).
Association of gestational diabetes with long-term risk of premature mortality, and cardiovascular outcomes and risk factors: A retrospective cohort analysis in the UK Biobank; Aim: To investigate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with premature mortality and cardiovascular (CVD) outcomes and risk factors. Materials and Methods: Parous women recruited to the UK Biobank cohort during 2006-2010 were followed up from their first delivery until 31 October 2021. The data were linked to Hospital Episode Statistics and mortality registries. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models investigated associations of GDM with all-cause mortality, CVD, diabetes, hypertension and dyslipidaemia. Results: The maximum total analysis time at risk and under observation was 9 694 090 person-years. Among 220 726 women, 1225 self-reported or had a recorded diagnosis of GDM. After adjusting for confounders and behavioural factors, GDM was associated with increased risk for premature mortality [hazard ratio (HR): 1.44, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.12-1.86], particularly CVD-related death (HR: 2.38, 95% CI: 1.63-3.48), as well as incident total CVD (HR: 1.50, 95% CI: 1.30-1.74), non-fatal CVD (HR: 1.41, 95% CI: 1.20-1.65), diabetes (HR: 14.37, 95% CI: 13.51-15.27), hypertension (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.38-1.60), and dyslipidaemia (HR: 1.30, 95% CI: 1.22-1.39). The total CVD risk was greater in women with GDM who did not later develop diabetes than in those with GDM and diabetes. Conclusions: Women with GDM are at increased risk of premature death and have increased CV risk, emphasizing the importance of interventions to prevent GDM. If GDM develops, the diagnosis represents an opportunity for future surveillance and intervention to reduce CVD risk factors, prevent CVD and improve long-term health.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus present an accumulation of cardiovascular risk factors at age 46—A birth cohort study; Introduction: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is globally increasing, and it has been associated with later type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, long-term population-based studies investigating common CVD risk factors years after pregnancy are lacking. To evaluate the future mortality and morbidity in cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, we conducted a thorough investigation of midlife risk factors in women with and without previous GDM. Material and Methods: A prospective population-based cohort study was conducted of 3173 parous women from the Northern Finland Birth Cohort, 1966. Study participants were obtained from the national register or patient records. Those with a GDM diagnosis formed the GDM cohort (n = 271), and those without a previous GDM diagnosis formed the control cohort (n = 2902). Clinical examinations were performed on participants at the age of 46 and included anthropometric measurements, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), biochemical measurements, and cardiovascular assessment. Results: At the age of 46, women in the GDM cohort had a higher body mass index (BMI, 29.0 kg/m2 vs 26.3 kg/m2, p < 0.001) and greater waist circumference (94.1 cm vs 86.5 cm, p < 0.001) than the control cohort. In the GDM cohort, a higher incidence of impaired glucose tolerance (12.6% vs 7.3%, p = 0.002), more previously diagnosed and OGTT-detected type 2 diabetes (23.3% vs 3.9%, p < 0.001), lower high-density lipoprotein (1.53 mmol/L vs 1.67 mmol/L, p = 0.011), higher triglycerides (1.26 mmol/L vs 1.05 mmol/L, p = 0.002) and a higher fatty liver index (6.82 vs 2.47, p < 0.001), were observed even after adjusting for BMI, polycystic ovary syndrome, parity, level of education, physical activity, smoking, and alcohol consumption. The women in the GDM cohort also had more MetS (42.6% vs 21.9%, p < 0.001) and higher risk scores for CVD and fatal events (Framingham 4.95 vs 3.60, p < 0.001; FINRISK 1.71 vs 1.08, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with a previous diagnosis of GDM exhibit more risk factors for CVD in midlife and are at a higher risk for cardiovascular events later in life.
Harnessing human microbiomes for disease prediction; The human microbiome has been increasingly recognized as having potential use for disease prediction. Predicting the risk, progression, and severity of diseases holds promise to transform clinical practice, empower patient decisions, and reduce the burden of various common diseases, as has been demonstrated for cardiovascular disease or breast cancer. Combining multiple modifiable and non-modifiable risk factors, including high-dimensional genomic data, has been traditionally favored, but few studies have incorporated the human microbiome into models for predicting the prospective risk of disease. Here, we review research into the use of the human microbiome for disease prediction with a particular focus on prospective studies as well as the modulation and engineering of the microbiome as a therapeutic strategy.
Fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome: A single centre experience; Objective: Many women with Turner syndrome (TS) will consider fertility options and pregnancy. We wished to examine the fertility and pregnancy outcomes in women with TS undergoing oocyte donation (OD) treatment or spontaneous pregnancy in a large single-centre cohort. General population reference data or data from those with idiopathic premature ovarian insufficiency were used as comparators. Design: A retrospective single-centre cross-sectional study. Patients and Measurements: Seventy-four women with TS underwent OD treatment with a total of 105 pregnancies, and 31 women with TS had 71 spontaneous conceptions. Fertility outcomes included clinical pregnancy and live birth rate. Pregnancy outcomes included miscarriage rate, prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, lower segment caesarean section (LSCS), small for gestational age (SGA), prematurity and vertical transmission of TS. Results: In those with TS, OD pregnancies were associated with increased rates of LSCS and SGA compared to spontaneous pregnancies; LSCS (OR: 4.19, 95% CI: 1.6−10.8, p =.003) and SGA (OR: 2.92, 95% CI: 1.02−8.38, p =.04). There were no recorded cardiac events but 5 (17.2%) cases of vertical transmissions of TS in daughters were identified. OD in those with TS was associated with a lower live birth rate per cycle started (OR: 0.53, 95% CI: 0.34−0.84, p =.008) and a higher rate of miscarriage compared to women with POI (40% vs. 26.2%, p =.04). Conclusions: We show that pregnancy in women with TS, whether OD or spontaneously conceived, carries obstetric risks, and therefore, women with TS, considering pregnancy, should receive comprehensive pre-pregnancy counselling and optimal obstetric care.
Autoimmune Gestational Diabetes, An Uncommon Cause of Type 1 Diabetes: A Case Report; Less than 10% of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) cases are type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and the pre-diabetic stage of T1DM may be missed in women diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy. We present a patient who was diagnosed with GDM at 24 weeks gestation but who was diagnosed with T1DM after presenting with diabetic ketoacidosis in the early postpartum period. In presenting this case, we aim to remind and raise awareness of the risk of developing postpartum T1DM in patients with lean GDM who have no signs of insulin resistance, are aged <30 years, have no family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and require insulin therapy.
Ketogenic diet-induced bile acids protect against obesity through reduced calorie absorption; The low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet (KD) has long been practiced for weight loss, but the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. Gut microbiota and metabolites have been suggested to mediate the metabolic changes caused by KD consumption, although the particular gut microbes or metabolites involved are unclear. Here, we show that KD consumption enhances serum levels of taurodeoxycholic acid (TDCA) and tauroursodeoxycholic acid (TUDCA) in mice to decrease body weight and fasting glucose levels. Mechanistically, KD feeding decreases the abundance of a bile salt hydrolase (BSH)-coding gut bacterium, Lactobacillus murinus ASF361. The reduction of L. murinus ASF361 or inhibition of BSH activity increases the circulating levels of TDCA and TUDCA, thereby reducing energy absorption by inhibiting intestinal carbonic anhydrase 1 expression, which leads to weight loss. TDCA and TUDCA treatments have been found to protect against obesity and its complications in multiple mouse models. Additionally, the associations among the abovementioned bile acids, microbial BSH and metabolic traits were consistently observed both in an observational study of healthy human participants (n = 416) and in a low-carbohydrate KD interventional study of participants who were either overweight or with obesity (n = 25). In summary, we uncover a unique host–gut microbiota metabolic interaction mechanism for KD consumption to decrease body weight and fasting glucose levels. Our findings support TDCA and TUDCA as two promising drug candidates for obesity and its complications in addition to a KD.
Trends in fluid overload-related hospitalisations among patients with diabetes mellitus The impact of chronic kidney disease; Introduction: Fluid overload is a known complication in patients with diabetes mellitus, particularly those with cardiovascular and/or chronic kidney disease (CKD). This study investigates the impact of fluid overload on healthcare utilisation and its association with diabetes-related complications. Method: El ectroni c medi cal records f rom the SingHealth Diabetes Registry (2013–2022) were analysed. Hospitalisations due to fluid overload were identified using International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) discharge codes. Trends were examined using Joinpoint regression, and associations were assessed with generalised estimating equation models. Results: Over a period of 10 years, 259,607 individuals treated at primary care clinics and tertiary hospitals were studied. The incidence of fluid overload-related hospitalisations decreased from 2.99% (n=2778) in 2013 to 2.18% (n=2617) in 2017. However, this incidence increased from 2.42% (n=3091) in 2018 to 3.71% (n=5103) in 2022. The strongest associations for fluid overload-related hospitalisation were found with CKD stages G5 (odds ratio [OR] 6.61, 95% confidence interval [CI] 6.26–6.99), G4 (OR 5.55, 95% CI 5.26–5.86) and G3b (OR 3.18, 95% CI 3.02–3.35), as well as with ischaemic heart disease (OR 3.97, 95% CI 3.84–4.11), acute myocardial infarction (OR 3.07, 95% CI 2.97–3.18) and hypertension (OR 3.90, 95% CI 3.45–4.41). Additionally, the prevalence of stage G5 CKD among patients with fluid overload increased between 2018 and 2022. Conclusion: Our study revealed a significant increase in fluid overload-related hospitalisations and extended lengths of stay, likely driven by severe CKD. This underscores an urgent need for initiatives aimed at slowing CKD progression and reducing fluid overload-related hospitalisations in diabetes patients.
Association of DNA Methylation with Infant Birth Weight in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) exhibit greater adiposity at birth. This early-life phenotype may increase offspring risk of developing obesity, metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Infants born to women with GDM have a dysregulation of several hormones, cytokines, and growth factors related to fetal fat mass growth. One of the molecular mechanisms of GDM influencing these factors is epigenetic alterations, such as DNA methylation (DNAm). This review will examine the role of DNAm as a potential biomarker for monitoring fetal growth during pregnancy in women with GDM. This information is relevant since it may provide useful new biomarkers for the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of fetal growth and its later-life health consequences.
Pregnancy Recommendations Solely Based on Preclinical Evidence Should Be Integrated with Real-World Evidence: A Disproportionality Analysis of Certolizumab and Other TNF-Alpha Inhibitors Used in Pregnant Patients with Psoriasis; Treatment for pregnant women with psoriasis is limited by the lack of information typically related to clinical trials. While anti-tumor necrosis factor (TNF) drugs offer therapeutic benefits, their safety during pregnancy is a concern. Notably, certolizumab is comparatively safer than adalimumab, etanercept, infliximab, and golimumab according to the current recommendations. Thus, this study aimed to conduct a pharmacovigilance comparative analysis of maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with certolizumab versus other anti-TNF drugs by using data from EudraVigilance. A descriptive analysis was performed of Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) associated with an anti-TNF drug and related to the pregnant patients with psoriasis from 2009 and 2023, focusing our analysis on the specific pregnancy outcomes and fetal/neonatal disorders. The most common pregnancy-related adverse event was spontaneous abortion, predominantly related to adalimumab and certolizumab. Certolizumab was also reported in cases of caesarean section, gestational diabetes, abortion, fetal death, fetal distress syndrome, pre-eclampsia, and premature separation of placenta. Generally, the findings from our study depicted a safety profile that overlapped for each anti-TNF drug, both in maternal/neonatal outcomes and other adverse events, suggesting no substantial differences between treatments. We advocate for further investigations before making concrete recommendations.
Pregnancy characteristics in Egyptian female patients with NMOSD; Background: Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) primarily affects women of childbearing age. Objectives: Studying the potential relationship between NMOSD and pregnancy characteristics and outcomes. Subjects and methods: This is a retrospective cohort study that was conducted on 66 married female patients diagnosed with NMOSD. All patients underwent a thorough review of their demographic and clinical history through their medical records and personal interviews. Additionally, a complete neurological examination was performed, along with the expanded disability status scale (EDSS) and a pregnancy registry questionnaire. Results: After comparing married patients before and after disease onset, there was a significant increase in the number of abortions and the percentage of cesarean sections, as well as a decrease in the percentage of breastfeeding after disease onset. The p values were.02, <.001, and <.001, respectively, with odds ratios of 2.03, 5.13, and 6.17. Additionally, there was a rise in the occurrence of postpartum relapses, which accounted for 66% of all relapses after the disease onset. Most of these relapses (88.7%) occurred within the first 3 months postpartum. Conclusion: Presence of NMOSD increased the percentage of miscarriage, delivery by cesarean section, and decreased the chance of breastfeeding. In addition, pregnancy increases NMOSD relapse and subsequent disability.
Longitudinal Management of Cardiovascular Risk Factors Among Postpartum Women; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM), are associated with increased long-term CV risk. Methods: This retrospective cohort study defined the prevalence of HDP and GDM within a large, academic health system in the southeast United States between 2012 and 2015 and described health care utilization and routine CV screening up to 1-year following delivery among those with pregnancy-related CV conditions. Rates of follow-up visits and blood pressure, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and lipid screening in the first postpartum year were compared by provider type and pregnancy-related CV condition. Results: Of the 6027 deliveries included, 20% were complicated by HDP and/or GDM. Rates of pre-pregnancy CV risk factors were high, with a significantly higher proportion of pre-pregnancy obesity among women with HDP than in normal pregnancies. Those with both HDP/GDM had the highest rates of follow-up by 1-year postpartum, yet only half of those with any pregnancy-related CV condition had any follow-up visit after 12 weeks. Although most (70%) of those with HDP had postpartum blood pressure screening, less than one-third of those with GDM had a repeat HbA1c by 12 months. Overall, postpartum lipid screening was rare (<20%). Conclusion: There is a high burden of pregnancy-related CV conditions in a large U.S. academic health system. Although overall rates of follow-up in the early postpartum period were high, gaps in longitudinal follow-up exist. Low rates of CV risk factor follow-up at 1 year indicate a missed opportunity for early CV prevention.
The association between discordant umbilical arterial resistance in growth-restricted fetuses and adverse outcomes; Background: Assessing the umbilical artery pulsatility index via Doppler measurements plays a crucial role in evaluating fetal growth impairment. Objective: This study aimed to investigate perinatal outcomes associated with discordant pulsatility indices of umbilical arteries in fetuses with growth restriction. Study Design: In this retrospective cohort study, all singleton pregnancies were included if their estimated fetal weight and/or abdominal circumference fell below the 10th percentile for gestational age (2017–2022). Eligible cases included singleton pregnancies with concurrent sampling of both umbilical arteries within 14 days of birth at the ultrasound evaluation closest to delivery. The exclusion criteria included births before 22 weeks of gestation, evidence of absent or reverse end-diastolic flow in either umbilical artery, and known fetal genetic or structural anomalies. The study compared cases with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values (defined as 1 umbilical artery pulsatility index at ≤95th percentile and the other umbilical artery pulsatility index at >95th percentile for gestational age) to pregnancies where both umbilical artery pulsatility indices had normal pulsatility index values and those with both umbilical arteries displaying abnormal pulsatility index values. The primary outcome assessed was the occurrence of composite adverse neonatal outcomes. Multivariable logistic regressions were performed, adjusting for relevant covariates. Results: The study encompassed 1014 patients, including 194 patients (19.1%) with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values among those who had both umbilical arteries sampled close to delivery, 671 patients (66.2%) with both umbilical arteries having normal pulsatility index values, and 149 patients (14.7%) with both umbilical arteries exhibiting abnormal values. Pregnancies with discordant umbilical artery pulsatility index values displayed compromised sonographic parameters compared with those with both umbilical arteries showing normal pulsatility index values. Similarly, the number of abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values was associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in a dose-response manner. Cases with 1 abnormal (discordant) umbilical artery pulsatility index value showed favorable sonographic parameters and perinatal outcomes compared with cases with both abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values, and cases with both abnormal umbilical artery pulsatility index values showed worse sonographic parameters and perinatal outcomes compared with cases with discordant UA PI values. Multivariate analysis revealed that discordant umbilical artery pulsatility indices were significantly and independently associated with composite adverse perinatal outcomes, with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.75 (95% confidence interval, 1.24–2.47; P = .002). Conclusion: Evaluating the resistance indices of both umbilical arteries may provide useful data and assist in assessing adverse perinatal outcomes among fetuses with growth restriction.
Longitudinal associations of the alternative healthy eating index with coronary artery calcification and pericardial adiposity in US adults with and without type 1 diabetes; Background and aim: Long-term associations between the alternative healthy eating index (AHEI) score and two predictive indicators for CVD, pericardial adipose tissue (PAT) and coronary artery calcification (CAC) volume, are lacking. Our study aims to investigate the longitudinal associations of the AHEI score with measures of CAC and PAT in adults with and without type 1 diabetes (T1D). Methods and results: The prospective Coronary Artery Calcification in T1D (CACTI) study included 652 people with T1D and 764 people without diabetes (non-DM) (19–56 years old) and was conducted in 2000–2002, 2003–2004, and 2006–2007. At each visit, food frequency questionnaires were collected and PAT and CAC were measured using electron beam computed tomography. Two variables were used for CAC analyses: a continuous variable for the square-root tranformed volume (SRV) for each visit and a second variable identified CAC progression from baseline to visit 3. Mixed effect models and a logistic regression model were used to conduct statistical analyses. A one-point increase in the AHEI score was significantly associated with a −0.12 cm3 (95% CI: −0.17, −0.08; p-value<0.0001) decrease in PAT volume in combined analyses, a −0.16 cm3 (95% CI: −0.22, −0.09; p-value<0.0001) decrease in the non-DM group, a marginally significant −0.07 cm3 (95% CI: −0.14, 0.002; p-value = 0.0571) decrease in the T1D group, and was not associated with either CAC outcome. Conclusion: The AHEI score is inversely associated with PAT; the association revealed greater magnitude of PAT reduction in the non-DM group. The AHEI score did not associate with CAC progression.
How pregnant women with diabetes experience telemonitoring of the fetal heart rate – An interview study; Objectives: The use of telemonitoring in healthcare is generally increasing. Women with complicated pregnancies are using telemonitoring as an alternative to conventional management, encompassing hospitalization or frequent outpatient clinic visits. However, there is sparse evidence on how pregnant women experience monitoring of their unborn babies at home. Women might feel uncomfortable with this responsibility, and moreover they might miss face-to-face contact with healthcare personnel. Study design: The study setting was a Danish hospital with a tertiary obstetric unit attending approximately 3400 births annually. A qualitative study design with interview as method included 11 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. This design was used to investigate how pregnant women with complicated pregnancies experienced telemonitoring of the fetus. Reflexive thematic analysis was used to analyze the pregnant women's experiences of telemonitoring. Results: Women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus found the advantages of telemonitoring to outweigh the disadvantages. They experienced telemonitoring as time-saving and that telemonitoring decreased the level of stress. Moreover, telemonitoring supports positive collaboration with healthcare professionals. The women also experienced a lack of coordination of consultations between different departments at the hospital and challenges with timing, feedback, and technical issues. Moreover, the women requested an opportunity to discuss family formation and emotions. Conclusions: Pregnant women with type 1 diabetes or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus benefit from the use of telemonitoring. To further improve the implementation and use of telemonitoring clinical implications, consider how timing and coordination of care, technical equipment, and feedback mechanisms could be improved.
Adherence and persistence to novel glucose-lowering medications in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus undergoing routine care; Aims: To assess adherence and persistence to sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP1-RA), and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP4i) in routine care. Methods: Using retrospective healthcare data from the Stockholm region, Sweden, we evaluated new-users of these agents during 2015–2020. We investigated adherence (≥80 % of days covered by an active supply), persistence (no treatment gap ≥ 60 days), and predictors for non-adherence and non-persistence. Results: We identified 24,470 new-users of SGLT2i (10,743), GLP1-RA (10,315), and/or DPP4i (9,488). Over 2.8 years median follow-up, the proportion demonstrating adherence was higher for SGLT2i (57 %) than DPP4i (53 %, comparison p < 0.001), and for GLP1-RA than DPP4i (54 % vs 53 %, p < 0.001). Similarly, persistence was higher for both SGLT2i and GLP-RA than DPP4i (respectively, 50 % vs 44 %, p < 0.001; 49 % vs 44 %, p < 0.001). Overall adherence was better among users who were older, had a history of high blood pressure, used more non-diabetic medications, had lower Hba1c, had better kidney function, and had completed secondary schooling or university. Women had worse adherence to SGLT2i and GLP1-RA than DPP4i. Conclusions: We report adherence and persistence to SGLT2i, GLP1-RA and DPP4i in routine care, and identify prognostic factors that could inform implementation interventions to improve uptake of these important therapies.
Client Perceived Benefits Associated With Receiving a Food Is Medicine Intervention: Medically Tailored Meals; Objectives: This pilot observational study aims to understand any perceived benefits of receiving Medically Tailored Meals (MTMs)- a food-is-medicine intervention by current and future clients. MTMs are designed by registered dietitian nutritionists (RDNs) in partnership with chefs and are made from scratch. MTMs are home-delivered and paired with medical nutrition therapy, nutrition counseling, and education. The information collected in this study includes questionnaires on quality of life, food insecurity, and general improvements but, most importantly, direct client qualitative feedback. Methods: Clients who express interest in this study are contacted by the Research team, who explain the study in depth and discuss the consent process. Study selection is open for six common diagnoses, including Type II Diabetes, Gestational Diabetes, Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD), Renal Disease, and Heart Disease, until an adequate sample of at least 20 participants per condition is reached. Results: As a pilot observational study in a non-traditional organization, we wanted first to determine the feasibility of a research project. Our organization engages in yearly evaluations and projects; thus, gathering client feedback is not novel. Some of the questions evaluated during this process included the following: Will clients respond to research questionnaires? Will the feedback be easy to provide? What about clients who want to call in? This project is ongoing: 133 surveys have been completed and 34 clients are enrolled. Qualitative responses showcase essential themes, including increased food and nutrition security, reduction in stress associated with preparing and consuming appropriate meals, increased adherence to medication, and improved health outcomes. Conclusions: The Food is Medicine movement holds significant value due to its multifaceted impact on population well-being, shown by the positive client comments associated with receiving MTMs, which exemplify the success of incorporating nutritional support into healthcare frameworks. Providing MTMs is worthwhile as it alleviates the immediate nutritional needs of vulnerable populations and establishes a foundation for preventive and comprehensive healthcare practices, focusing on creating a healthier society. Funding Sources: Internal.
Postpartum care in primary care: Summary of a multidisciplinary guideline (Part 1); Postpartum care in primary care: summary of a multidisciplinary guideline The lying time at the maternity ward for a healthy woman giving birth to a healthy baby is now on average less than 3 days. Therefore, primary care providers have a greater responsibility in the follow-up of the mother and newborn during the postpartum period. This article is a summary of the first part of the multidisciplinary guideline Postpartum care in primary care developed by the national Working Group Development of Primary Care Guidelines (WOREL) according to the internationally recognised methods of guideline development. The guideline formulates recommendations for quality postpartum care in collaboration with all involved healthcare providers with the aim of recognising and addressing complications in the newborn and mother in a timely manner. It is important that healthcare providers know what is normal, which red flags they should not miss, have basic knowledge about conditions and situations, and timely refer the patient to primary or secondary care. The article describes what attitude to adopt in case of life-threatening and serious complications in the maternity woman (postpartum haemorrhage, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism and endometritis) and the newborn (jaundice, neonatal sepsis, congenital heart defect, dehydration, nutritional difficulties and metabolic disorders), as well as in case of less severe complications or complaints in the maternity woman (perineal pain, headache, constipation, haemorrhoids, urinary incontinence, fatigue and back pain) and the baby (gastro-oesophageal reflux, thrush, nappy dermatitis, intestinal cramps, conjunctivitis, cord infections and fever). Finally, specific situations in both the mother (prevention of antibody formation, rubella vaccination, thyroid disorders and gestational diabetes) and the newborn (cord care, prevention of sudden death, vitamin K and vitamin D substitution, and child abuse) are highlighted.
Early-life exposures and long-term health: adverse gestational environments and the programming of offspring renal and vascular disease; According to the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis, exposure to certain environmental influences during early life may be a key determinant of fetal development and short- and long-term offspring health. Indeed, adverse conditions encountered during the fetal, perinatal, and early childhood stages can alter normal development and growth, as well as put the offspring at elevated risk of developing long-term health conditions in adulthood, including chronic kidney disease and cardiovascular diseases. Of relevance in understanding the mechanistic basis of these long-term health conditions are previous findings showing low glomerular number in human intrauterine growth restriction and low birth weight—indicators of a suboptimal intrauterine environment. In different animal models, the main suboptimal intrauterine conditions studied relate to maternal dietary manipulations, poor micronutrient intake, prenatal ethanol exposure, maternal diabetes, glucocorticoid and chemical exposure, hypoxia, and placental insufficiency. These studies have demonstrated changes in kidney structure, glomerular endowment, and expression of key genes and signaling pathways controlling endocrine, excretion, and filtration function of the offspring. This review aims to summarize those studies to uncover the effects and mechanisms by which adverse gestational environments impact offspring renal and vascular health in adulthood. This is important for identifying agents and interventions that can prevent and mitigate the long-term consequences of an adverse intrauterine environment on the subsequent generation. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Human data and experimental animal data show that suboptimal environments during fetal development increase the risk of renal and vascular diseases in adult-life. This is related to permanent changes in kidney structure, function, and expression of genes and signaling pathways controlling filtration, excretion, and endocrine function. Uncovering the mechanisms by which offspring renal development and function is impacted is important for identifying ways to mitigate the development of diseases that strain health care services worldwide.
Rituximab as a treatment for refractory immune thrombocytopenia during pregnancy; Immune thrombocytopenia (ITP) is most common in women during their reproductive years. When a low platelet count occurs for the first time during pregnancy, the differential diagnosis includes pregnancy-specific conditions. Although ITP is the most common cause of thrombocytopenia early in pregnancy, pregnancy-related thrombocytopenia develops mainly in late gestation. As maternal and neonatal outcomes are usually favourable, ITP per se is not a contraindication for pregnancy.We report the case with a literature review of patient with ITP, whose diagnosis was established in early pregnancy. This condition was refractory to first-line treatments, such as high-dose steroids and intravenous immunoglobulin and other splenectomy-sparing approaches, as rituximab, having the control been reached on the third trimester after splenectomy. Although not effective in this case, we still believe that rituximab should be considered before surgery during pregnancy.
Echocardiographic Evaluation of Infants Born to Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-sectional Analytical Study; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a chronic and progressive disease characterised by changes in the metabolism of carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins, leading to glucose intolerance. The foetal heart in GDM is affected throughout the gestational period, which may result in hyperplasia and hypertrophy of myocardial cells. Aim: To determine the cardiac function and structural changes in infants of gestational diabetic mothers using Doppler-echocardiographic data. Materials and Methods: A cross-sectional analytical study was conducted on 30 infants of mothers with GDM and 30 infants of non diabetic mothers at the Department of Physiology, R.G. Kar Medical College and Hospital, in collaboration with the Departments of Paediatric Medicine and Cardiology from January 2023 to August 2023. Neonatal screening echocardiography was performed by a cardiologist using a Philips Echocardiograph machine, Model: EPIQ 7C, Software Version: 4.0.2, with a linear convex probe of S8-3 MHz frequency to assess cardiac structure and function using 2D, M mode, and Conventional Doppler. The parameters studied included aortic root diameter (mm), left atrial diameter (mm), Interventricular Septal (IVS) in diastole (mm), left ventricular posterior wall thickness in diastole (mm), left ventricular internal diameter in diastole (mm), left ventricular internal diameter in end systole (mm), left ventricular fractional shortening (%), and left ventricular ejection fraction (%). Statistical analysis was performed using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version-20.0 with an Independent Student’s t-test. Results: The mean gestational age for the cases was 38.50±2.57 weeks and 39.30±1.97 weeks for controls. The mean maternal age for cases was 25±4.37 years and for controls was 27±5.03 years. The left atrial diameter in cases (12.83±2.14 mm) was significantly smaller than that of the control (14.20±0.55 mm). The left ventricular posterior wall diameter in diastole was significantly increased in cases (4.53±0.50 mm) compared to controls (3.87±0.35 mm). Significant differences were observed in the interventricular septum in diastole {cases: 4.73±0.45 mm, control: 3.97±0.32 mm} and in the left ventricular internal diameter in end systole {cases: 12.30±1.84 mm, control: 13.83±1.02 mm} between cases and controls. Aortic root diameter was increased in 13.3% of cases. The percentage of left ventricular fractional shortening (cases: 35.47±3.74 %, Control: 38.53±2.43 %), Left Ventricular Ejection fraction (cases: 67.63±4.52 %, control: 72.17±4.89 %) were significantly decreased in cases compared to control. Conclusion: The present study demonstrated the development of ventricular hypertrophy and compromised myocardial contractility in infants of diabetic mothers.
Elevated Serum Small Dense Low Density Lipoprotein Cholesterol and Lipoprotein(a) Levels in Preeclampsia; Background/Synopsis: Preeclampsia poses a cardiovascular disease risk. Abnormal lipid metabolism is important in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia. Dyslipidemia is strongly associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and has a direct effect on endothelial function. Elevated serum or plasma low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), small dense LDL-C (sdLDL-C) and lipoprotein (a) [Lp(a)] levels are known independent risk factors for ASCVD, however, extensive lipid changes in preeclampsia are incompletely characterized. Objective/Purpose: This study sought to characterize serum and plasma lipoproteins in preeclampsia and control subjects. Methods: Frozen serum and plasma from pregnant patients enrolled in the Child Health Advances from Research with Mothers (CHARM) study. Visit 1, 30 cases, 89 controls, gestational age 89 days (36d-247d) and Visit 2, 22 cases, 64 controls, gestational age 189 days (136d-256d), were shipped to Boston Heart Diagnostics for blinded analysis. Patients with gestational diabetes were excluded. Standard serum lipids, direct LDL-C, sdLDL-C, and apolipoprotein (apo) A-I, A-II, and B, and Lp(a) levels were measured by standard chemical methods, and plasma apolipoproteins and particle numbers were assessed using nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) methodology. Results were adjusted for gestational age, and smoking, and obtained for preeclampsia compared to normal controls - using general linear models for fixed factor analysis. Log transformations were carried out for non-normally distributed parameters. Results: In the serum chemistries, significant (p<.05) elevations were found in preeclampsia cases versus controls for direct LDL-C (+10%), small dense LDL-C (+18%), apoB (+10%), and Lp(a) (+50%). Similar alterations were noted in lipoprotein and apolipoprotein analyses by NMR. Results apply in aggregate to all gestational ages. Conclusions: There are significant serum and plasma lipoprotein and apolipoprotein alterations seen in preeclampsia cases versus control subjects. Increases in atherogenic small dense LDL particles and their constituents have also been associated with increased ASCVD risk in the general population.
Prenatal and Maternal Contributors to Disease Severity in Congenital Heart Disease; Aim: Most congenital heart disease (CHD) is due to a combination of genetic and environmental factors. Recent findings suggest a polygenic inheritance in more complex disease, highlighting a role for environmental factors in disease presentation. Using data linkage, this study investigated the association of prenatal and maternal factors with CHD severity. Method: Patients from the Kids Heart BioBank (n=2,389) were linked to the NSW Perinatal Data Collection and the NSW Admitted Patient Data Collection containing prenatal and maternal health records. CHD cases were grouped into two categories according to disease severity: i) complex CHD (comprising patients requiring neonatal surgery, n=581) and ii) other CHD (comprising patients requiring post-neonatal surgery, n=1,808). Prenatal and maternal factors were coded using ICD-10-AM classification and compared across severity groups and healthy controls (n=58,624). Results: Analyses identified a significant increase in maternal diabetes mellitus (p=0.003), and urinary tract infections (p=0.01) in complex CHD compared to other CHD. Conversely, circulatory system disorders, including varicose veins and haemorrhoids were significantly reduced in complex CHD compared to other CHD (p=0.01). Further, maternal preeclampsia/gestational hypertension were reduced in complex CHD (p=0.06). These risks remained after adjusting for confounding factors including maternal socioeconomic status, smoking and maternal age. Conclusion: These findings suggest an important role for prenatal and maternal factors in CHD severity, in line with previous reports supporting polygenic inheritance in complex disease with contributions from environmental ‘stressors’ in the final disease presentation. Importantly, these findings hold promise for future primary prevention for complex CHD through therapeutic treatments of potentially modifiable factors.
Effect of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium and potential factors influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants; Purpose: To investigate the effect of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium and potential factors influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants. Methods: A total of 151 preterm infants admitted to the Neonatology Department, First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University, Hefei, China, from November 2020 to June 2021 were selected. Preterm infants were randomly divided into control and study groups. Control group received 2 % povidone-iodine and 75 % ethanol application, followed by gentle pressure with a cotton swab while the study group received amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium applied to the umbilical cord while shaking. The management interventions were stopped after umbilical cord separation in preterm infants, and the difference in umbilical cord separation time between the two groups was compared. Factors associated with preterm birth conditions, hospitalization, and maternal health were identified by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Results: The number of cases with umbilical cord separation time > 14 days was significantly higher in the study group compared to control group (p < 0.05). The average umbilical cord separation time in the study group was significantly lower compared to control group (p < 0.05). Univariate analysis revealed that incubator residence time significantly affects umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants (p < 0.05). Logistic multivariate regression analysis identified incubator residence time as the main factor influencing umbilical cord separation time in preterm infants. Conclusion: The use of amoxicillin-clavulanate potassium shortens umbilical cord separation time, and incubator residence time is the major factor influencing umbilical cord separation in preterm infants. Further studies should expand the study scale and increase the number of samples used.
Effects of Mindfulness-Based Interventions on Cardiometabolic-Related Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: Growing evidence suggests maternal stress contributes to the development of adverse pregnancy outcomes that are associated with cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk in birthing persons. Mindfulness-based interventions may positively affect psychological stress in pregnancy and, in turn, reduce stress. However, few study authors have examined the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on adverse pregnancy outcomes that heighten cardiovascular risk. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to appraise available literature examining the effects of mindfulness-based interventions delivered during pregnancy on adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with future cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease risk. METHODS: In this systematic review, multiple electronic databases were searched using major keywords, including "mindfulness-based intervention," "pregnancy," "preterm delivery," "gestational diabetes," "small for gestational age," "preeclampsia," and "hypertension in pregnancy" during February 2023. RESULTS: Six studies using mindfulness-based interventions during pregnancy were included. The review indicated that these interventions were largely effective at reducing prenatal stress; however, the overall effects of interventions were mixed concerning their impact on pregnancy complications. Study authors examining the effects on gestational diabetes-related outcomes reported significant improvements in blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A 1c , and oral glucose tolerance. Outcomes were mixed or inconclusive related to the effects of interventions on the incidence of preterm birth, birth of a small-for-gestational-age newborn, and preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: Mitigating cardiovascular and cardiometabolic risk-associated adverse pregnancy outcomes through mindfulness-based approaches may represent an emerging field of study. The few studies and limited, mixed findings synthesized in this review indicate that high-validity studies are warranted to examine the effects of mindfulness-based interventions on pregnancy complications that contribute to cardiovascular-related maternal morbidity and suboptimal life course health for diverse birthing persons.
Do myomectomies decrease third trimester pregnancy complications when compared to women without myomectomies and uterine fibroids in situ? A study of an American population database; Study question: Myomectomies are performed to decrease pregnancy complications, among other indications, however, do myomectomies decrease third trimester pregnancy complications? Summary answer: Post-myomectomy, pregnancies experienced more complications including hypertensive disorders, premature-pre-term-rupture of membranes, preterm-delivery, placenta-previa, cesareans, uterine ruptures, wound complications, transfusions, and small for gestational age infants. What is known already: Patients with fibroid uterus experience reduced fertility rates and increased in obstetrical complications compared to patients without fibroids. If the removal of fibroids improves fertility is controversial for intramural fibroids, it is recommended for submucosal fibroids by the American College Of Gynaecology guidelines. It is a common, untested belief that myomectomies may reduce the risks of certain obstetrics complications. While rates of mal-placentation and hypertensive disorders may increase post-myomectomy as shown by the literature comparing myomectomy vs. control groups without fibroids, other complications may be anticipated to decrease. However, no population-based studies have attempted to answer this question. Study design, size, duration: Retrospective cohort study, using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 2004 and 2014, inclusively, based on International Classification of Diseases, 9th edition, diagnoses (ICD-9). Data collected from 48 states and the District of Columbia, representing 20% of annual hospital admissions in the United States. Population-based study, including 89,025 with uterine fibroids: 7508 pregnancies with previous abdominal myomectomy (AM) or laparoscopic myomectomy (LM), and 81,517 controls with uterine fibroids in-situ, without myomectomies. Participants/materials, setting, methods: We included patients delivery discharge diagnoses or maternal deaths, and with either uterine fibroids (ICD- 9 codes 218.0, 218.1, 218.2, 218.9) or AM or LM prior to the pregnancy, (ICD-9 codes 68.29 and 68.19 or CPT procedure code 58140, 58145, 58146, 58545 and 58546). Binomial logistic regression was used and adjusted for age, race, income quartiles, smoking, previous cesarean section, chronic and pregnancy-induced hypertension, obesity, multiple gestations, pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus. Main results and the role of chance: The myomectomy group was characterized by older patients, higher rates of Caucasian race, chronic hypertension, previous cesarean delivery, and multiple gestations, and lower, income quartiles, rates of obesity, compared to the fibroid in-situ group (P<0.05). There was no difference for rates of medical insurance plan type, tobacco smoking, pregestational diabetes, illicit drug use, thyroid disease, or in vitro fertilization use (P>0.05, all). The myomectomy group had increased rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension (adjusted odd ratios(aOR)-1.15, 95% confidence intervals(CI):1.06- 1.26), preeclampsia (aOR:1.25 95%CI:1.12-1.41), preterm delivery (aOR:1.4, 95%CI:1.27-1.53), preterm premature rupture of membranes (aOR:1.29, 95%CI:1.05-1.58), placenta previa (aOR:1.59, 95%CI:1.32-1.92), cesarean delivery (aOR:37.1, 95%CI:27.35-50.4), uterine rupture (aOR:2.1, 95%CI:1.06- 4.16), blood transfusion (aOR:1.21, 95%CI:1.68-2.24), wound complications (aOR:1.44, 95%CI:1.1-1.9), disseminated intravascular coagulation (aOR:1.58, 95%CI:1.1-2.27), and small for gestational age (SGA) infants (aOR:0,19, 95%CI:1.05-1.39) compared to the fibroid in-situ group. The myomectomy group had a lower rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (aOR:0,88, 95%CI:0,79-0,97), chorioamnionitis (aOR:0,74, 95%CI:0,6-0,93), maternal infection (aOR:0.79, 95%CI:0.65-0.95), spontaneous (aOR:0.03, 95%CI:0.02-0.04) and operative vaginal delivery (aOR:0.87, 95%CI:0.75-0.99), and postpartum hemorrhage (aOR:0.73, 95%CI:0.62-0.87). There was no significant differences for rates of gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia or eclampsia superimposed on pre-existing hypertension, abruptio placenta, hysterectomy, maternal death, deep venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and venous thromboembolism events (P>0.05, all). Limitations, reasons for caution: The retrospective nature of the study may mask undetected bias. Moreover, although the rate of uterine rupture was increased in the myomectomy group, it was rare and requires confirmation. Further prospective studies are needed to evaluate the outcomes in pregnancy after myomectomy. Wider implications of the findings: The complications seen after myomectomies were likely related to uterine-incisions and alteration of myometrial vascularization, impairing trophectoderm invasion and leading to hypertensive disorders, mal-placentation, and abnormalities of fetal growth. Patients should be counselled regarding these potential risks. Increased understanding of the role of myomectomies on reproductive outcomes needs further study.
Fetal strain and strain rate measured with speckle tracking echocardiography in maternal diabetes: systematic review; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate fetal cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with diabetes compared to those of mothers without diabetes using 2D-STE. METHODS: Embase, MEDLINE and CENTRAL were searched for observational studies on 2D-STE fetal left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain and strain rate that included singleton, non-anomalous pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. The strain values were pooled per 4 weeks of gestation for meta-analysis using random-effects models. RESULTS: Fifteen studies met the criteria, including 990 fetuses of diabetic mothers and 1,645 control fetuses. The study design was cross-sectional in fourteen studies and longitudinal in one study. Gestational age, type of diabetes, ultrasound device and 2D-STE software varied between the studies. Glycemic control and type of treatment were often lacking. In fetuses of diabetic mothers versus healthy mothers, left ventricular strain was significantly decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study) or not significantly different (7 studies). Right ventricular strain was decreased (7 studies), increased (1 study) or not different (2 studies). Left ventricular strain rate was decreased (3 studies), increased (1 study) or not different (2 studies). Right ventricular strain rate was increased (1 study) or not different (2 studies). CONCLUSION: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes show evidence of systolic dysfunction, which is more visible in the right ventricle. Contradictory results are probably due to suboptimal study designs and variation in gestational age, diabetes severity, image acquisition and software. Large prospective longitudinal studies are needed to assess fetal myocardial function with 2D-STE in pregestational diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. The influence of glycemic control, BMI and treatment should be evaluated.
Combined effects of prior gestational diabetes history and biorhythm disturbances on postpartum cardiovascular metabolic indicators; Objective To investigate the sole effect of biorhythm disturbances and its combined effect with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on postpartum cardiovascular metabolic indicators. Methods This was a cohort study based on the Ma′anshan birth cohort (MABC), a birth cohort established at Ma′anshan Maternal and Child Health Care Center from May 2013 to September 2014, where a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed at 24—28 weeks of gestation to diagnose GDM. A total of 120 women and 240 women with and without a history of GDM were selected using the random number table method in a ratio of 1∶2. The participants were followed up from July 2021 to August 2022, and 307 study participants were eventually included in this study, including 99 women with a history of GDM and 208 women without a history of GDM. At the time of follow‑up, basic information about the women was collected, including age, body mass index (BMI), education, job nature, marital status, gross after‑tax income, alcohol consumption, smoking status, adverse pregnancy and childbirth history, gestational hypertension history, family history of diabetes, family history of cardiovascular disease, etc. Fasting blood samples were collected for measurement of the following biochemical indices: fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), triglycerides (TG), total cholesterol (TC), uric acid and creatinine. The Neuropsychiatric Assessment of Biorhythms Interview Questionnaire was used to assess the biorhythms of the study participants and scores were calculated using the median biorhythm score as the cut‑off value, with less than the median indicating low level of biorhythm disturbance, and vice versa for high levels of biorhythm disturbance. Linear regression was used to analyze the associations between biorhythm disturbances and cardiovascular metabolic markers and their combined effect with a history of GDM on cardiovascular metabolic markers, Linear model was used to analyze the summation interaction of GDM history and biorhythms on metabolic indexes in the postpartum period, and P values were corrected for multiple tests using the Benjaminiand Hochberg method to control for the false discovery rate (FDR) and were considered to be statistically significant if the adjusted PFDR value<0.05. Results Linear regression results showed that after adjusting for age, BMI, education, job nature, marital status, gross after‑tax income, alcohol consumption, smoking status, adverse pregnancy and childbirth history, GDM, gestational hypertension, family history of diabetes, family history of cardiovascular disease, the degree of biorhythm disturbances was positively associated with the level of glycated haemoglobin (β =0.08, 95%CI 0.02-0.14, P=0.01), however, the FDR correction was not statistically significant (PFDR=0.13); compared with women with no history of GDM and a low degree of biorhythm disturbances, women with a prior GDM history and a high degree of biorhythm disturbances had a higher level of FPG (β= 0.91, 95%CI 0.50-1.31, PFDR=0.001) and a higher level of HbA1c (β =5.26, 95%CI 2.70-7.83, PFDR= 0.001). Interaction analysis showed that history of GDM and biorhythm disturbances had additive interaction on FPG (PInteraction=0.03), and HbA1c (PInteraction=0.03). Conclusion Our study showed that women with a history of GDM and a high degree of biorhythm disturbance had significantly higher levels of FPG and HbA1c, highlighting the importance of maintaining a healthy biorhythm in women with a prior GDM history.
Dextrose gel prophylaxis for neonatal hypoglycaemia and neurocognitive function at early school age: A randomised dosage trial; Objective To investigate the effect of different doses of prophylactic dextrose gel on neurocognitive function and health at 6-7 years. Design Early school-age follow-up of the pre-hPOD (hypoglycaemia Prevention with Oral Dextrose) study. Setting Schools and communities. Patients Children born at ≥35 weeks with ≥1 risk factor for neonatal hypoglycaemia: maternal diabetes, small or large for gestational age, or late preterm. Interventions Four interventions commencing at 1 hour of age: dextrose gel (40%) 200 mg/kg; 400 mg/kg; 200 mg/kg and 200 mg/kg repeated before three feeds (800 mg/kg); 400 mg/kg and 200 mg/kg before three feeds (1000 mg/kg); compared with equivolume placebo (combined for analysis). Main outcomes measures Toolbox cognitive and motor batteries, as well as tests of motion perception, numeracy and cardiometabolic health, were used. The primary outcome was neurocognitive impairment, defined as a standard score of more than 1 SD below the age-corrected mean on one or more Toolbox tests. Findings Of 392 eligible children, 309 were assessed for the primary outcome. There were no significant differences in the rate of neurocognitive impairment between those randomised to placebo (56%) and dextrose gel (200 mg/kg 46%: adjusted risk difference (aRD)=-14%, 95% CI -35%, 7%; 400 mg/kg 48%: aRD=-7%, 95% CI -27%, 12%; 800 mg/kg 45%: aRD=-14%, 95% CI -36%, 9%; 1000 mg/kg 50%: aRD=-8%, 95% CI -29%, 13%). Children exposed to any dose of dextrose gel (combined), compared with placebo, had a lower risk of motor impairment (3% vs 14%, aRD=-11%, 95% CI -19%, -3%) and higher mean (SD) cognitive scores (106.0 (15.3) vs 101.1 (15.7), adjusted mean difference=5.4, 95% CI 1.8, 8.9). Conclusions Prophylactic neonatal dextrose gel did not alter neurocognitive impairment at early school age but may have motor and cognitive benefits. Further school-age follow-up studies are needed.
Improvements in Maternal Cardiovascular Health Over the Perinatal Period Longitudinally Predict Lower Postpartum Psychological Distress Among Individuals Who Began Their Pregnancies With Overweight or Obesity; BACKGROUND: Adverse cardiovascular events during pregnancy (eg, preeclampsia) occur at higher rates among individuals with overweight or obesity (body mass index ≥25 kg/m2) and have been associated with postpartum depression. The present study examined whether changes in cardiovascular health (CVH) during the perinatal period, as defined by the American Heart Association’s Life’s Essential 8 framework, predicted postpartum psychological functioning among individuals with prepregnancy body mass index ≥25 kg/m2. METHODS AND RESULTS: Pregnant individuals (N = 226; mean ± SD age = 28.43 ± 5.4 years; mean body mass index = 34.17 ± 7.15 kg/ m2) were recruited at 12 to 20 weeks of gestation (mean, 15.64 ± 2.45 weeks) for a longitudinal study of health and well-being. Participants completed ratings of depression and perceived stress and reported on CVH behaviors (dietary intake, physical activity, nicotine exposure, and sleep) at baseline and at 6 months postpartum. Body mass index and CVH behaviors were used to calculate a composite CVH score at both time points. Linear regression analyses were performed to examine whether change in CVH related to postpartum symptom scores. Because sleep was measured in only a subset of participants (n = 114), analyses were conducted with and without sleep. Improved CVH was associated with lower postpartum depression (β = −0.18, P<0.01) and perceived stress (β = −0.13, P=0.02) scores. However, when including sleep, these relationships were no longer significant (all P>0.4). CONCLUSIONS: Improvements in CVH from early pregnancy to 6 months postpartum were associated with lower postpartum depressive symptoms and perceived stress but not when including sleep in the CVH metric, potentially due to the large reduction in sample size. These data suggest that intervening during pregnancy to promote CVH may improve postpartum psychological functioning among high-risk individuals.
A summary of the 2023 Society of Obstetric Medicine of Australia and New Zealand (SOMANZ) hypertension in pregnancy guideline; Introduction: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) affect up to 10% of all pregnancies annually and are associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. This guideline represents an update of the Society of Obstetric Medicine of Australia and New Zealand (SOMANZ) guidelines for the management of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy 2014 and has been approved by the National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) under section 14A of the National Health and Medical Research Council Act 1992. In approving the guideline recommendations, NHMRC considers that the guideline meets NHMRC's standard for clinical practice guidelines. Main recommendations: A total of 39 recommendations on screening, preventing, diagnosing and managing HDP, especially preeclampsia, are presented in this guideline. Recommendations are presented as either evidence-based recommendations or practice points. Evidence-based recommendations are presented with the strength of recommendation and quality of evidence. Practice points were generated where there was inadequate evidence to develop specific recommendations and are based on the expertise of the working group. Changes in management resulting from the guideline: This version of the SOMANZ guideline was developed in an academically robust and rigorous manner and includes recommendations on the use of combined first trimester screening to identify women at risk of developing preeclampsia, 14 pharmacological and two non-pharmacological preventive interventions, clinical use of angiogenic biomarkers and the long term care of women who experience HDP. The guideline also includes six multilingual patient infographics which can be accessed through the main website of the guideline. All measures were taken to ensure that this guideline is applicable and relevant to clinicians and multicultural women in regional and metropolitan settings in Australia and New Zealand.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pulmonary Hypertension During Pregnancy: A Contemporary Nationwide Analysis; Pulmonary hypertension (PH) disproportionately affects women, presenting challenges during pregnancy. Historically, patients with PH are advised to avoid pregnancy; however, recent reports have indicated that the incidence of adverse events in pregnant patients with PH may be lower than previously reported. We conducted a retrospective cohort study in pregnant patients with PH using the National Readmission Database from January 1, 2016, to December 31, 2020. PH was categorized according to the World Health Organization classification. Primary end points include maternal mortality and 30-day nonelective readmission rate. Other adverse short-term maternal (cardiovascular and obstetric) and fetal outcomes were also analyzed. Of 9,922,142 pregnant women, 3,532 (0.04%) had PH, with Group 1 PH noted in 1,833 (51.9%), Group 2 PH in 676 (19.1%), Group 3 PH in 604 (17.1%), Group 4 PH in 23 (0.7%), Group 5 PH in 98 (2.8%), and multifactorial PH in 298 (8.4%). PH patients exhibited higher rates of adverse cardiovascular events (15.7% vs 0.3% without PH, p <0.001) and mortality (0.9% vs 0.01% without PH, p <0.001). Mixed PH and Group 2 PH had the highest prevalence of adverse cardiovascular events in the World Health Organization PH groups. Patients with PH had a significantly higher nonelective 30-day readmission rate (10.4% vs 2.3%) and maternal adverse obstetric events (24.2% vs 9.1%) compared with those without PH (p <0.001) (Figure 1). In conclusion, pregnant women with PH had significantly higher adverse event rates, including in-hospital maternal mortality (85-fold), compared with those without PH.
Neonatal and Maternal Outcomes of Pregnancies following Stillbirth; Objective Prior stillbirth increases risk of subsequent stillbirth but has unclear effect on subsequent liveborn pregnancies. We examined associations between prior stillbirth, adverse neonatal outcomes, and maternal morbidity in subsequent liveborn pregnancies. Study Design This is a secondary analysis of a large, National Institutes of Health-funded retrospective cohort study of parturients who delivered a singleton infant at a tertiary-care hospital from January 2002 to March 2013 and had a past medical/obstetric history of diabetic, and/or hypertensive disorders, and/or pregnancy with fetal growth restriction. Our analysis included all multiparous patients from the parent study. The primary outcome was a neonatal morbidity composite (neonatal resuscitation, neonatal birth injury, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of the newborn, hypoglycemia, sepsis). Secondary outcomes included a maternal morbidity composite (venous thromboembolism, intensive care unit admission, disseminated intravascular coagulation, sepsis, hysterectomy, pulmonary edema, renal failure, blood transfusion), other maternal/delivery complications, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. Outcomes were compared between those with versus without prior stillbirth. Negative binomial regression controlled for maternal comorbidities and delivery year. Results Among 171 and 5,245 multiparous parturients with versus without prior stillbirth, respectively, those with prior stillbirth had higher rates of pregestational diabetes, autoimmune disease, and clotting disorders. After controlling for these differences and delivery year, infants of parturients with prior stillbirth had similar risk of composite neonatal morbidity (adjusted relative ratio [aRR] 1.19; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99-1.45) but higher risk of NICU admission (aRR 1.42; 95% CI 1.06-1.91) compared with infants of parturients without prior stillbirth, despite delivering at similar gestational ages. Multiparous patients with prior stillbirth had equal maternal morbidity risk but higher risk of developing preeclampsia with severe features (aRR 2.11; 95% CI 1.19-3.72). Conclusion Compared with high-risk multiparous patients without prior stillbirth, those with prior stillbirth have higher risk of NICU admission and preeclampsia with severe features. Key Points Prior stillbirth increases risk in subsequent livebirth for NICU admission and neonatal morbidity. Prior stillbirth increased the risk of severe preeclampsia for mothers in subsequent livebirth. Additional monitoring of pregnancies of patients with prior history of demise may be warranted.
Prevalence of metabolic syndrome among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study in a tertiary care center of western Nepal; INTRODUCTION The coexistence of Metabolic Syndrome in Type 2 diabetic patients significantly increases the risk of stroke and cardiovascular disease. Due to its remarkably high prevalence, metabolic syndrome has gained significant interest over the last decade. Limited information exists regarding the occurrence of Metabolic Syndrome in Type 2 diabetic patients in developing nations like Nepal. Our study aims to determine the prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome among patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in Western Nepal. METHODS This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted at the Universal College of Medical Sciences (UCMS) among patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, Type I Diabetes Mellitus, and those aged less than 20 were excluded. Metabolic syndrome has been diagnosed based on the definition given by the International Diabetes Federation. RESULTS The study involved 123 patients with a mean age of 61.44 ± 12.88 years, predominantly female (55.3%). Of these patients, 42.3% were classified as Obese. The overall prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients was 61%, comprising 75 cases. The most common component in our study was hypertension, with 82 cases (66.7%), followed by central obesity with 81 cases (65.9%). Among patients with Metabolic Syndrome, 66.7% had an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) in the 60-89 ml/min range. In females, central obesity was the most common component, while in males, hypertension was the most common component of Metabolic Syndrome. CONCLUSION The prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus was high. Therefore, timely detection and management of Metabolic Syndrome is crucial in preventing consequences and premature mortality in individuals with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
A Newborn With Severe and Refractory Hypoglycemia; Hypoglycemia is a common entity encountered in the neonatal population with identified risk factors. Severe symptomatic hypoglycemia in a term baby without any specific risk factors is rare. The management includes identifying the underlying etiology which involves a “critical sample” and its interpretation. Hyperinsulinism (HI) detected during assessment is often transient and may be prolonged and difficult to treat. It is challenging to differentiate transient from persistent HI but becomes essential when effective medical or definitive surgical treatment has to be considered in especially refractory cases. The crucial task of maintaining normoglycemia demands continuous monitoring and proactive planned management as literature shows adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in babies with even short-lasting transient HI due to hypoglycemic events that can be severe. This translates into these newborns being subjected to multiple noxious stimuli and distinct reactions to pain. Our approach to a newborn with congenital HI involved complex medical strategies with continuous glucose monitoring with an in situ subcutaneously placed detector before definitive surgical management at 8 months of life.
Is epidural analgesia an independent risk factor for OASIS? A population-based cohort study; Introduction: To evaluate whether epidural analgesia is an independent risk factor for OASIS. Methods: A population-based cohort study including all women who delivered by spontaneous vaginal delivery or by instrumental delivery beyond 24 weeks gestation was conducted. Deliveries occurred between 1988 and 2016 at a large university tertiary medical center. Women with multiple gestations and those lacking prenatal care were excluded from the analysis. Results: During the study period, 252,542 women delivered at the Soroka University Medical Center and met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 583 (0.23%) were diagnosed with OASIS. Women with OASIS were more likely to be younger, nulliparous, with suspected fetal macrosomia, had higher rates of labor induction and vacuum extraction delivery, higher rates of conceiving after infertility treatments, more advanced gestational age at delivery, higher mean birth weight, higher rates of post-partum hemorrhage and need for blood transfusions. Use of epidural analgesia during pregnancy was significantly high among the OASIS group. Rates of episiotomy were not significantly different between the groups. Using a multimodal logistic regression model, after controlling for vacuum delivery, large for gestational age, nulliparity, gestational age, ethnicity, maternal age, induction of labor, fertility treatments, non-reassuring fetal heart rate and non-progressive second stage of labor, epidural analgesia was found to be significantly associated with OASIS. Conclusion: Epidural analgesia was found to be an independent risk factor for OASIS in our population.
Maternal BMI changes from the prepregnancy to postpartum period are associated with postpartum cardiometabolic risk factors: a longitudinal study; Purpose: This study aimed at investigating the associations between the total body mass index (BMI) change at 3 or 4 years postpartum compared to the prepregnancy and cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: This longitudinal study included 1305 participants. Based on the total postpartum BMI changes, they were divided into < 0 units, 0–1.7 units, and > 1.7 units groups using the interquartile range. Multiple linear regression models were used to analyze the associations. Results: Compared to the reference group, there was a progressive increase in the βcoefficient (βcoef) of homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) of cardiometabolic risk in the following groups: the ‘0–1.7 units’ group with the ‘overweight traj’ [βcoef 0.33; 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.22, 0.44)] or the ‘obesity traj’ [0.66; (0.45, 0.88)] and the ‘> 1.7 units’ group with the ‘normal traj’ [0.33; (0.22, 0.44)], the ‘overweight traj’ [0.54; (0.41, 0.67)] or the ‘obesity traj’ [0.97; (0.79, 1.15)]. The same increasing trend of βcoef was also found in DBP, FPG, LDL, WHR, BF%. However, the ‘< 0 units’ group with the ‘low traj’ [0.13; (0.06, 0.21)] and the ‘0–1.7 units’ group with the ‘low traj’ [0.08; (0.03, 0.13)] had higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) level than the reference group. Conclusion: Women with a postpartum BMI gain > 1.7 units are positively associated with cardiometabolic risk factors, especially for those in the ‘obesity traj’ or ‘traj D’. Conversely, women with a postpartum BMI loss > 0 units have negative association with cardiometabolic risk factors, especially for those in the ‘low traj’ or ‘traj B’.
Interaction between ozone and paternal smoking on fetal congenital heart defects among pregnant women at high risk: a multicenter maternal–fetal medicine study; Background: Evidence remains limited on the association between maternal ozone (O3) exposure and congenital heart defects (CHDs) in offspring, and few studies have investigated the interaction and modification of paternal smoking on this association. Methods: Using a sample including pregnant women at high risk of fetal CHD (with metabolic disease, first-trimester viral infection, family history of CHD, etc.) from a maternal–fetal medicine study covering 1313 referral hospitals in China during 2013–2021, we examined the associations between maternal O3 exposure during 3–8 weeks of gestational age and fetal CHD in offspring and investigated the interaction and modification of paternal smoking on this association. CHD was diagnosed by fetal echocardiograms, maximum daily 8-hour average O3 exposure data at a 10 km × 10 km spatial resolution came from the Tracking Air Pollution in China dataset, and paternal smoking was collected using questionnaires. Logistic regression models were used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Among 27,834 pregnant women at high risk of fetal CHD, 17.4% of fetuses were diagnosed with CHD. Each 10 μg/m3 increase in maternal O3 exposure was associated with a 17% increased risk of CHD in offspring (OR = 1.17, 95% CI = 1.14–1.20). Compared with paternal nonsmoking and maternal low O3 exposure, the ORs (95% CI) of CHD for smoking and low O3 exposure, nonsmoking and high O3 exposure, and smoking and high O3 exposure were 1.25 (1.08–1.45), 1.81 (1.56–2.08), and 2.23 (1.84–2.71), respectively. Paternal smoking cessation seemingly mitigated the increased risk of CHD. Conclusions: Maternal O3 exposure and paternal smoking were interactively associated with an increased risk of fetal CHD in offspring, which calls for effective measures to decrease maternal exposure to O3 pollution and secondhand smoke for CHD prevention.
Abnormal blood pressure dipping pattern: frequency, determinants, and correlates in Diabetes Mellitus patients in the Cardiovascular Health Risk Assessment in Diabetes Mellitus (CHiD) study; Purpose: Non-dipping status is associated with increased total and cardiovascular mortality in many disease conditions including diabetes mellitus. The pattern and its implications are not well described among Africans. This study was done to describe the frequency of abnormal blood pressure (BP) dipping among T2DM subjects, its determinants and correlates in Ogbomoso, Nigeria. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study done at the LAUTECH Teaching Hospital, Ogbomoso. One hundred individuals diagnosed with T2DM were recruited and they had 24-hour ambulatory BP monitoring, echocardiography, ECG, and carotid Doppler among other evaluations. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS 27.0 (Chicago Ill, USA). Results: The mean age of the participants was 59.3 ± 10.8 years, mean body mass index 27.7 ± 5.9 kg/m2 with a mean duration of diabetes of 7.52 ± 5.54 years. Abnormal BP dipping was present in 89% (consisting of 41% or reverse dippers and 48% non-dippers). T2DM subjects with abnormal dipping pattern were more likely to be females, had higher glycated haemoglobin, lower fractional shortening, higher left atrial volume and left ventricular mass index, and a higher DM duration than those with normal BP dipping status. The major determinants of abnormal dipping pattern were the duration of diabetes and low HDL-C concentration. Conclusion: Abnormal BP dipping pattern is highly prevalent in T2DM subjects, especially among females. Abnormal BP dipping was also associated with markers of increased cardiovascular risk such as impaired kidney function, left ventricular hypertrophy, postural hypotension, history of intermittent claudication, and presence of plaques on carotid Doppler studies.
Hypoglycemia in non-diabetic in-patients at a teaching referral hospital in Iran; Purpose: This study aims to investigate comorbidities, clinical features, laboratory values, and diagnoses in non-diabetic patients experiencing hypoglycemic episodes. Methods: A retrospective observational study was conducted at Shariati Hospital in Iran from 2016 to 2023. Seventy-four non-diabetic patients admitted with a diagnosis of hypoglycemia were included, while patients with diabetes were excluded. Demographic data, symptoms, and biochemical assessments were obtained from the hospital information system. Hypoglycemic episodes were identified based on low measured blood glucose, recorded medications for hypoglycemia treatment, or recorded codes indicating hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia was defined as blood glucose below 70 mg/dL (3.9 mmol/L) along with two other criteria of the Whipple triad. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS software (version 26). Results: Among the enrolled patients, 63.5% were female, and 13.5% were elderly (≥ 65 years). The most common comorbidities observed were cardiovascular disease (20.3%), psychological disorders (20.3%), hypothyroidism (14.9%), and hypertension (8.1%). The prevalent symptoms included weakness, loss of consciousness, sweating, palpitations, dizziness, and tremors. Non-diabetic hypoglycemia was caused by factitious disorders, insulinoma, organ failure, and infection, respectively. Conclusion: Due to the diverse range of clinical symptoms, hypoglycemia in non-diabetic patients may be diagnosed late, leading to misdiagnoses such as psychological disorders or seizures. It is crucial to consider the possibility of hypoglycemia in non-diabetic patients and determine its underlying cause. Given the poor prognosis associated with hypoglycemia, timely interventions are essential.
Protective Effects of Paeoniflorin Against Inflammation and Oxidative Stress in Rats with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus via Inhibiting the RhoA/ROCK Signaling Pathway; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a condition of glucose intolerance that occurs only in pregnant women. Paeoniflorin was reported to possess anti-inflammation and antioxidant properties, and it has a potential to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus symptoms. This study aims to confirm whether paeoniflorin attenuates placental inflammation and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus and investigate the underlying mechanism. Streptozotocin-provoked gestational diabetes mellitus rat model was utilized for in vivo assays. High glucose-stimulated human trophoblast cell line HTR-8/SVneo was used to mimic in vitro gestational diabetes mellitus environment. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was conducted to detect insulin concentration and plasma leptin level of rats, the levels of inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress markers in both rats and HTR-8/SVneo cells. RhoA, ROCK1, and ROCK2 protein levels were tested via western blot analysis. Placenta tissues of gestational diabetes mellitus patients and healthy pregnant women were subjected to quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot analyses to evaluate RhoA and ROCK1 expression. Furthermore, paeoniflorin-treated gestational diabetes mellitus rats and HTR-8/SVneo cells were treated with lysophosphatidic acid, the RhoA activator, to validate the role of RhoA/ROCK pathway in paeoniflorin-mediated inflammation and oxidative stress in vitro and in vivo. Paeoniflorin administration mitigated the dysregulation of blood glucose, insulin concentration, plasma leptin, and body weight in maternal rats with gestational diabetes mellitus. Placental inflammation and oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus rats as well as high glucose-induced inflammation and oxidative stress in HTR-8/SVneo cells were alleviated by paeoniflorin treatment. Additionally, RhoA and ROCK mRNA and protein levels were significantly higher in gestational diabetes mellitus patients than in healthy pregnant women. The levels of proteins in the RhoA/ROCK pathway were substantially reduced by paeoniflorin treatment in gestational diabetes mellitus rats and high glucose-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells. Nevertheless, lysophosphatidic acid treatment reversed the anti-inflammatory and antioxidant effects of paeoniflorin in vitro and in vivo. Paeoniflorin effectively hindered gestational diabetes mellitus progression by ameliorating inflammation and oxidative stress via inactivating the RhoA/ROCK pathway. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.)
Erythropoietin in Neonates with Perinatal Asphyxia Undergoing Therapeutic Hypothermia—A Prospective Cohort Study; Aims: To assess the safety and feasibility of erythropoietin (EPO) in asphyxiated neonates undergoing therapeutic hypothermia (TH). Subjects and methods: This study enrolled 60 neonates with HIE undergoing TH. 30 neonates were divided into EPO with TH group, where neonates received EPO (dose), at a dose rate of 1000 IU/kg/48 hours, for four doses and the remaining 30 neonates undergoing TH were into control group. Magnetic resonance imaging brain was undertaken between 10 and 14 days of life in surviving neonates. The Bayley Scales of Infant (BSI) Development IV was performed at regular intervals up to the age of 12 months. Results: Amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram (aEEG) showed burst suppression (19% vs. 11%), low voltage (10% vs. 4%), and flat trace (7% vs. 3%) in control group in comparison with EPO concurrent with TH group which was statistically significant. Brain magnetic-resonance imaging (MRI) done at 12 days (±2 days) showed significant brain injury patterns such as severe brain injury (4% vs. 9% P =.05) and regional specific HIE (7% vs. 13%, P =.03) in control group of only TH neonates. At 12 months, neurodevelopment outcomes in EPO with TH group neonates showed a favorable outcome. Conclusion: rhEPO concurrent with TH in HIE neonates resulted in significantly less severe brain injuries in MRI brain in HIE neonates. aEEG changes were less statistically significant in EPO with TH group with favorable neurodevelopmental outcomes at 12 months of age.
Pregnancy outcomes post-kidney transplantation across 23 years; Background: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients has become increasingly common. However, pregnancy carries higher risks to these patients compared to the general population. Aims: To describe pregnancy outcomes in kidney transplant recipients. Materials and Methods: We conducted a single-centre retrospective cohort study of kidney transplant recipients who delivered after 20 weeks gestation at a quaternary hospital in Victoria, Australia, between 2000 and 2022 inclusive. Results: The study included 37 pregnancies from 27 patients, accounting for 38 infants. Over half of recorded pregnancies occurred in the past five years (56.8%, n = 21). There were high rates of pre-existing hypertension (75.7%, n = 28). Pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia were common antenatal complications (21.6%, n = 8 and 48.6%, n = 18 respectively). Soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 / placental growth factor ratios were elevated in all patients who developed severe pre-eclampsia (16.2%, n = 6). The median gestational age at birth was 36.4 weeks (range 20–40.4, Q1 32.9, Q3 37.6) and 59.5% (n = 22) of births were preterm. Unplanned caesarean without labour was the most common mode of birth (35.1%, n = 13). The overall caesarean rate was 62.1% (n = 23). Post-partum haemorrhage complicated over half of pregnancies (56.8%, n = 21). Fifty percent (n = 19) of infants were admitted for neonatal care, in particular neonatal intensive care, and had low birthweights under 2500 g. While there was a transient deterioration in kidney function, there was no graft rejection within one year of birth. Conclusions: Clinicians should consider the high rates of pre-existing hypertension, preterm birth, and caesarean birth when counselling and managing pregnant kidney transplant recipients.
SGLT-2 Inhibitor Use and Cause-Specific Hospitalization Rates: An Outcome-Wide Study to Identify Novel Associations of SGLT-2 Inhibitors; Sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) have demonstrated multifaceted pharmacological effects. In addition to type 2 diabetes, they are now indicated for heart failure and chronic kidney disease. This study aimed to identify novel associations between SGLT2i use and health outcomes using real-world data. Using linked data from a nationwide diabetes registry in Australia, we compared hospitalization rates in people living with type 2 diabetes commencing treatment with SGLT2i and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP4i) between December 1, 2013, and June 30, 2019. Cause-specific hospitalizations were categorized across three hierarchies of diagnoses (first, first three, and first four digits of International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Version, Australian Modification codes). Incidence rate ratio (IRR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for each cause-specific hospitalization were estimated using negative binomial regression. In the first hierarchy, hospitalization rates were lower across most diagnosis groups among SGLT2i initiators (n = 99,569) compared with DPP4i initiators (n = 186,353). In the second and third hierarchies, there were lower hospitalization rates relating to infections, anemias, and obstructive airway diseases among SGLT2i initiators compared with DPP4i initiators. These included sepsis (IRR: 0.60, 95% CI: 0.51–0.72) anemia (IRR: 0.55, 95% CI: 0.46–0.66), and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases (IRR: 0.52, 95% CI: 0.40–0.68), as well as for previously known associations (e.g., heart failure (IRR: 0.63, 95% CI: 0.56–0.70)). SGLT2is have previously uncharacterized associations on a range of important clinical outcomes; validation of these associations requires further study, some of which may suggest novel benefits or new indications for SGLT2is.
Atrial fibrillation considerations in the fourth trimester (postpartum period); Postpartum atrial fibrillation is an uncommon but increasingly prevalent tachyarrhythmia that merits special management considerations with regards to the safety and efficacy of anticoagulation, rate and rhythm control as well as drug exposure to infants throughout breastfeeding. In this state-of-the-art review, we examine the demographics of postpartum atrial fibrillation with its associated risk factors, describe the safety of commonly used atrial fibrillation therapies, and discuss important considerations for women considering subsequent pregnancies.
Health impacts of new-onset diabetes in women post-gestational diabetes mellitus: Insights from Hong Kong's territory-wide data; Aims/Introduction: To determine the population health burden attributable to the development of diabetes among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis of women with a history of GDM attending the Hong Kong Hospital Authority between 2000 and 2019. The time-varying population attributable fraction was calculated. Results: A total of 76,181 women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus were included, 6,606 of them developed diabetes during a median follow-up of 8.6 years. The respective hazard ratios (95% confidence interval) among women with GDM who developed diabetes vs those with GDM only were 2.8 (2.2, 3.7) for cardiovascular disease (CVD), 4.8 (3.0, 7.7) for end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), 2.2 (1.9, 2.6) for infection-related hospitalization, and 1.8 (1.3, 2.4) for all-cause mortality. The development of diabetes was associated with 1.3 (0.8, 1.7), 0.6 (0.3, 0.8), 3.2 (2.4, 4.0), and 0.5 (0.2, 0.9) additional incident cases per 1,000 person-years, accounting for 24.0% (13.2%, 35.9%), 42.0% (22.5%, 58.8%), 10.8% (7.1%, 14.9%), and 6.0% (−3.1%, 16.1%) of absolute number of CVD, ESKD, infection-related hospitalization, and all-cause mortality over 20 years after GDM, respectively. Conclusions: Diabetes is a significant contributor to the population health burden of some clinical outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, but other risk factors need to be considered.
Maternal and long-term offspring outcomes of obesity during pregnancy; Purpose: Obesity`s prevalence is rising in women of reproductive age worldwide and has become the most common medical condition at this age group. Besides, its occurrence is also rising during pregnancy. This condition not only increases the risk of noncommunicable diseases on the mother, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, but also transfers this risk to the offspring. Methods: This is a narrative review based on scientific and review articles on the matter. Results: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, infection, and mental health problems. Furthermore, it has an impact on the progress of labor and induction matters. Regarding offspring outcomes, it is related to higher incidence of congenital anomalies, perinatal mortality, and the occurrence of large for gestational age newborns. Still, it has implications on cardiometabolic risk and neurodevelopment in offspring. Conclusion: It is, therefore, imperative to encourage the adoption of healthy lifestyles, especially in the peri-conception and interpregnancy periods. Likewise, there must be support in the multidisciplinary monitoring of these pregnant women to minimize associated complication rates.
Pregnancy, Reproductive Factors, and Female Heart Failure Risk and Outcomes; Purpose of Review: The purpose of this review is to provide an overview of recent evidence on female-specific risk factors related to reproductive status or pregnancy. Recent Findings: Pregnancy-related factors, including hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes, increase the risk of heart failure in women, while breastfeeding and hormone therapy may offer protection. Summary: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome, placental abruption, younger maternal age at first live birth, younger maternal age at last live birth, number of stillbirths, number of pregnancies, onset of menstruation before 12 years of age, shorter reproductive age, ovariectomy, and prolonged absence of ovarian hormones may increase the risk of heart failure in women. Conversely, breastfeeding status and hormone therapy (for menopause or contraception) may serve as protective factors, while fertility treatments have no discernible effect on the risk of heart failure.
Metformin: Past, Present, and Future; Purpose of Review: This review provides the most recent update of metformin, a biguanide oral antihyperglycemic drug used as a first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recent Findings: Metformin continues to dominate in the world of antidiabetics, and its use will continue to rise because of its high efficiency and easy availability. Apart from type 2 diabetes, research is exploring its potential in other conditions such as cancer, memory loss, bone disorders, immunological diseases, and aging. Summary: Metformin is the most prescribed oral antidiabetic worldwide. It has been in practical use for the last six decades and continues to be the preferred drug for newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus. It reduces glucose levels by decreasing hepatic glucose production, reducing intestinal glucose absorption, and increasing insulin sensitivity. It can be used as monotherapy or combined with other antidiabetics like sulfonylureas, DPP-4 inhibitors, SGLT-2 inhibitors, or insulin, improving its efficacy. Metformin can be used once or twice daily, depending on requirements. Prolonged usage of metformin may lead to abdominal discomfort, deficiency of Vitamin B12, or lactic acidosis. It should be used carefully in patients with renal impairment. Recent studies have explored additional benefits of metformin in polycystic ovarian disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, cognitive disorders, and immunological diseases. However, more extensive studies are needed to confirm these additional benefits.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with greater incidence of dementia during long-term post-partum follow-up; Background: The impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on incident dementia is unknown. Our aim was to evaluate the relationship between GDM and all-cause dementia and the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship. Methods: This prospective cohort study included women from the UK Biobank who were grouped based on GDM history. Multivariate Cox proportional hazard models were used to explore the associations between GDM and dementia. We further analysed the mediating effects of chronic diseases on this relationship and the interactions of covariates. Results: A total of 1292 women with and 204,171 women without a history of GDM were included. During a median follow-up period of 45 years after first birth, 2921 women were diagnosed with dementia. Women with a GDM history had a 67% increased risk of incident dementia (hazard ratio 1.67, 95% confidence interval: 1.03–2.69) compared with those without a GDM history. According to mediation analyses, type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic kidney disease and comorbidities (diagnosed with any two of the three diseases) explained 34.5%, 8.4%, 5.2% and 18.8% of the mediating effect on the relationship. Subgroup analyses revealed that physical activity modified the association between GDM history and dementia (p for interaction = 0.030). Among physically inactive women, GDM was significantly associated with incident dementia; however, this association was not observed among physically active women. Conclusions: A history of GDM was associated with a greater risk of incident dementia. Type 2 diabetes partially mediated this relationship. Strategies for dementia prevention might be considered for women with a history of GDM.
Medical Management Considerations of Premature Infants with Congenital Heart Disease; Purpose of Review: In this manuscript, we will review core noncardiac medical management principles for the preterm infant with congenital heart disease (CHD). We describe common respiratory diseases of the newborn period, apnea of prematurity, the significance of thermoregulation, and management of hyperbilirubinemia. Taken together, these management considerations optimize neurodevelopment and growth of the infant with CHD while minimizing significant neonatal comorbidities. Recent Findings: The comorbidities of prematurity affect both neonates with and without CHD. Respiratory distress syndrome can be a significant consequence of premature birth, and early surfactant administration is associated with decreased air leak, bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), and mortality. If invasive mechanical ventilation is necessary, volume-targeted ventilation is preferred in preterm neonates with associated shorter duration of mechanical ventilation and decreased comorbidities. Recommendations for the management of hypoglycemia in infants exist, but are dependent on enteral feeding; thus, these recommendations may not be applicable to the neonate with CHD who cannot tolerate enteral feeding. Hypothermia is a common problem in premature infants and can result in high tissue oxygen demand and consumption with subsequent metabolic acidosis. Such effects can be exacerbated in the infant with CHD and may increase the risk for morbidities and mortality. Summary: Though there have been many medical and surgical advancements in the care of preterm infants with CHD, the rates of morbidity and mortality remain high. Understanding key principles related to common complications of prematurity can be critical to improving long-term outcomes.
Glycemic Control and Obesity Among People With Type 2 Diabetes in Europe and Australia: A Retrospective Cohort Analysis; Introduction: In people with type 2 diabetes (PwT2D) who also have obesity, efforts targeting weight loss, including lifestyle, medication and surgical interventions, are recommended. The objective of this study was to explore the relationship between glycemic control and obesity among PwT2D in Europe and Australia using recent real-world data and applying consistent methodology across countries. Methods: Retrospective study utilizing IQVIA electronic medical records (EMR) databases grouped into panels based on specialty of contributing physicians. General practitioner (GP) and endocrinologist/diabetologist (E/D) panels were used in Germany and France, while GP panels were used in Italy, UK and Australia. The Spanish database included all physician specialties. The sample included PwT2D with glycated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and body mass index (BMI) values measured within 90 days of each other between January 2015 and December 2018 (second record termed the ‘index date’). PwT2D had a 1-year baseline period and a recorded HbA1c at the end of the 1-year post-index period. Results: The final sample comprised 194,729 PwT2D. At baseline, across countries/panels, 36.8–58.0% were above HbA1c target (HbA1c ≥ 7%) and 39.4–56.7% had obesity (BMI ≥ 30.0 kg/m2). Mean HbA1c ranged from 6.9 to 7.6% and mean BMI ranged from 29.3–31.6 kg/m2. At baseline, a higher proportion of PwT2D with obesity (40.8–64.2%) were above HbA1c target compared to their counterparts without obesity (32.2–52.4%). A higher proportion of patients with obesity at baseline (38.1–60.6%) had post-index HbA1c above target compared to their counterparts without obesity (30.9–56.0%). In logistic regression, patients with obesity had substantially lower odds of post-index HbA1c below target compared to those without obesity in all countries/panels except for France (E/D), Spain and Australia. Conclusions: This study presents data on HbA1c and BMI among type 2 diabetes (T2D) populations in Europe and Australia. A notable proportion of PwT2D had obesity and were above HBA1c target. Higher BMI was associated with poorer glycemic control.
Association of ADIPOQ Gene Polymorphisms with Type 2 Diabetes and Obesity Risk in the Kazakh Population: A Case–Control and Population-Based Study; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a socially significant disease with increasing prevalence worldwide. It is characterized by heterogeneous metabolic disorders and is associated with various risk factors, including BMI, abnormal lipid levels, hypertension, smoking, dietary preferences, physical inactivity, sedentary lifestyle, family history of diabetes, prediabetes or gestational diabetes, inflammation, intrauterine environment, age, sex, ethnicity, and socioeconomic status. Assessing the genetic risk of developing T2DM in specific populations remains relevant. The ADIPOQ gene, encoding adiponectin, is directly related to the risk of developing T2DM, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases. Our study demonstrated significant associations of ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms with the risk of developing T2DM and obesity, as well as with fasting glucose levels and BMI, in the Kazakh population. Specifically, rs266729 was significantly associated with T2DM and obesity in the Kazakh population, while other studied polymorphisms (rs1501299, rs2241766, and rs17846866) did not show a significant association. These findings suggest that ADIPOQ gene polymorphisms may influence T2DM risk factors and highlight the importance of genetic factors in T2DM development. However, further research in larger cohorts is needed to confirm these associations.
INCIDENCE OF DEEP VEIN THROMBOSIS (DVT) IN PREGNANT AND POSTPARTUM PATIENTS WITH HIGH VENOUS THROMBOEMBOLISM (VTE) SCORES; Background: About 1.2 pregnancies are affected by venous thromboembolism (VTE). In countries with high incomes, thrombosis and thromboembolism are major causes of mortality among mothers. In Ireland, venous thromboembolism (VTE), which includes both pulmonary embolism (PE) and deep vein thrombosis (DVT), is the main reason for sudden maternal mortality during the first six weeks following childbirth Objectives: To find out the incidence of Incidence of Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT) in Pregnant and Postpartum Patients with High Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) Scores. Methodology: This cross-sectional study examined the incidence of Deep Vein Thrombosis (DVT) in pregnant and postpartum women at Letterkenny University Hospital from March 2021 to march 2023. Targeting females with high Venous Thromboembolism (VTE) risk scores, the study used probability sampling to select participants from medical records and antenatal clinics. Data was collected from medical record reviews, covering demographics, obstetric and medical history, VTE risk factors, and comorbidities. Diagnostic methods included Doppler ultrasound and CT Pulmonary Angiography (CTPA). Thromboprophylaxis use, adherence, and follow-up were also recorded. Data analysis with SPSS version 24 involved descriptive statistics and chi-square tests to assess DVT incidence and its associations with various factors. Ethical approval and informed consent were obtained, ensuring the study adhered to ethical standards. Results: The study included 200 females aged 23-46 years (mean age 37±3.5 SD), with 77.5% over 35 years. Ethnically, 97.5% were Irish and 2.5% from other ethnicities. Most had high gravidity (95.5%) and parity (67%), with 95% having no prior VTE history. BMI ranged from 21 to 51.54 (mean 35.72±11 SD). Risk factors for VTE included smoking (7.5%), varicose veins (7.5%), and phlebitis (4%). Gestational diabetes mellitus was the most common comorbidity (22%), followed by essential hypertension (9.5%) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (7%). Only 1.5% of participants developed DVT, diagnosed via Doppler ultrasound or CT Pulmonary Angiography. Thromboprophylaxis was administered to 91% (INNOHEP) and 7.5% (CLEXANE), with high adherence (93.5%). Follow-up varied, with most having stable conditions and no significant changes in VTE risk status. Conclusion: The incidence of DVT among pregnant and postpartum patients with high VTE is low. Despite the presence of various risk factors and co morbidities, the overall incidence of DVT remains low, possibly due to effective thromboprophylaxis. The risk factors and comorbidities did not significantly elevate DVT incidence. Majority of the participants adhered to their prescribed thromboprophylaxis regimen. These findings highlight the effectiveness thromboprophylaxis strategies in reducing DVT incidence among high risk pregnant and post partum patients.
ASSOCIATION OF LIPID LEVELS DURING GESTATION WITH PREECLAMPSIA AND GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS: THE POTENTIAL ROLE OF STATINS; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia are two main pregnancy disorders that carry a high danger to the health of both the mother and the foetus. After 20 weeks of pregnancy, preeclampsia, which presents as hypertension and proteinuria, can cause major consequences for the mother, including eclampsia, organ malfunction, heart failure, foetal growth restriction, and premature birth. Objective: To explore the relationship between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence and lipid levels throughout gestation. Methodology: The DHQ Teaching Hospital in Abbottabad served as the study site for this retrospective cohort study. The time frame for the investigation was March 2022–March 2023. The study comprised of 181 pregnant women who delivered at DHQ Teaching Hospital Abbottabad during the study period. Results: Our investigation included 181 pregnant participants who developed preeclampsia and GDM had high mean levels of ‘total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides, and lower HDL-C’ compared to those who did not. Raise in ‘total cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides’ were associated with high risks of preeclampsia and GDM, while high HDL-C levels were protective. Additionally, statin use was associated with a lower incidence of preeclampsia. Conclusion: Our results show a ‘significant association between’ high cholesterol levels and ‘increased risk of preeclampsia’ and gestational diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. Three parameters of ‘lipids i-e total levels of cholesterol, LDL-C, and triglycerides’ were associated with increased risk in both conditions while there was a protective response of high HDL-C. There was no statistical significance observed between use of statin and the occurrence of preeclampsia and GDM (due to the smaller sample size of statin group), statin can overall reduce the incidence of both conditions in pregnancy.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pregnancy in the Fifth Decade of Life and Beyond; Objectives: The objective is to evaluate maternal and fetal outcomes at an extremely advanced maternal age (AMA) (over age 50 years) in Calgary. The secondary objective is to determine if there is a role in protocolizing complex care plans for patients at extreme AMAs. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted of all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation in patients over the age of 50 years that delivered in Calgary between January 2007 and December 2021. Pregnancy data were collected, including maternal age, pre-existing medical conditions, mode and timing of delivery, neonatal outcomes, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and adult intensive care unit (ICU) admissions, postpartum complications, and maternal or neonatal death. Data were extracted for maternity patients as well as neonatal ICU databases. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were assessed until discharge from hospital. Results: All 23 pregnancies identified were achieved through assisted reproductive technologies. Comorbidities varied, but the most common comorbidities included hypertension and gestational diabetes. Cesarean delivery was the most common form of delivery. Three cases involved postpartum maternal ICU admission. Neonatal outcomes included gestational ages of 22–39 weeks and birth weights of 486–3593 g, with 8 confirmed NICU admissions. The most common neonatal complications were jaundice and small for gestational age. Conclusions: Extremely AMA patients are more likely to have pre-existing comorbidities and develop comorbidities during pregnancy. The potential for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes is greater for these pregnancies; however, the complications are diverse and developing a universal complex care plan is difficult.
The role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in stages, outcomes and pregnancy complications; Neutrophils are the main components of innate immunity to eliminate infectious pathogens. Neutrophils play a role in several stages of the reproductive cycle, and their presence in the female reproductive system is highly regulated, so their function may change during pregnancy. Emerging evidence suggests that neutrophils are important at all stages of pregnancy, from implantation, placentation, and connective tissue regeneration to birth, as well as birth itself. Neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) are defined as extracellular strands of unfolded DNA together with histone complexes and neutrophil granule proteins. NET formation is a new mechanism of these cells for their defense function. These strands containing DNA and antimicrobial peptides were initially recognized as one of the defense mechanisms of neutrophils, but later it was explained that they are involved in a variety of non-infectious diseases. Since the source of inflammation and tissue damage is the irregular activity of neutrophils, it is not surprising that NETosis are associated with a number of inflammatory conditions and diseases. The overexpression of NET components or non-principled NET clearance is associated with the risk of production and activation of autoantibodies, which results in participation in autoinflammatory and autoimmune disorders (SLE, RA), fibrosis, sepsis and other disorders such as vascular diseases, for example, thrombosis and atherosclerosis. Recent published articles have shown the role of neutrophils and extracellular traps (NETs) in pregnancy, childbirth and pregnancy-related diseases. The aim of this study was to identify and investigate the role of neutrophils and neutrophil extracellular traps (NETs) in the stages of pregnancy, as well as the complications caused by these cells.
Biomarker potential of competing endogenous RNA networks in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common condition affecting women of reproductive age globally. PCOS continues to be the largest contributing factor to female infertility despite significant progress in our knowledge of the molecular underpinnings and treatment of the condition. The fact that PCOS is a very diverse condition makes it one of the key reasons why we haven't been able to overcome it. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) are implicated in the development of PCOS, according to growing evidence. However, it is unclear how the complex regulatory relationships between the many ncRNA types contribute to the growth of this malignancy. Competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA), a recently identified mechanism in the RNA world, suggests regulatory interactions between various RNAs, including long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs), microRNAs (miRNAs), transcribed pseudogenes, and circular RNAs (circRNAs). Recent studies on PCOS have shown that dysregulation of multiple ceRNA networks (ceRNETs) between these ncRNAs plays crucial roles in developing the defining characteristics of PCOS development. And it is believed that such a finding may open a new door for a deeper comprehension of PCOS's unexplored facets. In addition, it may be able to provide fresh biomarkers and effective therapy targets for PCOS. This review will go over the body of information that exists about the primary roles of ceRNETs before highlighting the developing involvement of several newly found ceRNETs in a number of PCOS characteristics.
Comparison between mathematical methods to estimate blood glucose levels from ECG signals; Diabetes mellitus, known as diabetes, is a chronic disease that affects the control of blood glucose concentration levels, it is a disease that mostly affects adults (type 2 diabetes), but it can also occur in children (type 1 or childhood diabetes), as well as in pregnant women (gestational diabetes). Diabetes is one of the diseases with the highest prevalence and high mortality worldwide. Diabetes has no cure, but continuous monitoring to maintain blood glucose levels in normal ranges reduces the possibility of suffering from gastrointestinal problems, vision loss, limb amputations (such as diabetic foot) and damage to vital organs such as the heart and kidneys, among other associated complications. This article compares the results in glucose estimation by using a linear, quadratic and cubic regression considering the electrical characteristics generated in the cardiac conduction (HR, HRV, T-wave peak, and QT interval) recorded on a single-lead electrocardiogram (VII), used as a non-invasive blood glucose estimation model. The best estimate was obtained using a cubic regression. The validation was performed using the Clarke grid having 77.78 % of data in the A zone and 22.22 % in the B zone and a Pearson correlation value of 0.94103 in the cubic regression.
Using Doppler ultrasound to manage the small-for-gestational-age fetus; Doppler ultrasound is used to risk assess and monitor high-risk pregnancies to time delivery. Uterine artery (UtA) Doppler is a screening tool for placental dysfunction, as abnormal values represent an increased risk of hypertensive disorders and fetal growth restriction. Routine fetal growth assessment includes measuring the umbilical artery Doppler (UmA), as this reflects placental blood flow and can indicate placental dysfunction. In pregnancies with abnormal UmA Dopplers, assessment of the middle cerebral artery (MCA) and ductus venosus (DV) enables timely delivery by detecting developing hypoxia. In extremely preterm cases of severe growth restriction, the clinical challenge is timing birth so as not to replace the risk of stillbirth with the significant challenges of extreme preterm birth. Here, the DV Doppler is key, as this reflects cardiac function and identifies preterminal acidaemia. The use of each of these Doppler measurements will be described, illustrated and highlighted below using a case summary.
Clinical and Metabolic Characterization of Women With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Within the First Year Postpartum; Context: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of long-term complications, including impaired glucose metabolism, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, and obesity. In current clinical practice, a 1 size fits all approach to GDM is applied, although heterogeneity among women with GDM has been recognized. Objective: To give the most adequate preventive care and postpartum (PP) guidance, we aimed to make a metabolic characterization and identify subgroups of women with previous GDM within the first year PP. Methods: In this prospective cohort study, we collected data in gestational week 34-38, at 3 months, and 1 year PP on women with GDM who participated in a PP follow-up program in Central Region Denmark from April 2019 to December 2022. Results: In total, 1270 women were included in the program in late pregnancy. Of the 768 women participating in either the oral glucose tolerance test 3 months PP (n = 545) or the 1-year follow-up (n = 493) or both (n = 261), 608 (79.2%) were normoglycemic, 137 (17.8%) had prediabetes, 20 (2.6%) had T2DM, and 3 (.4%) had developed T1DM. More than 40% of the women gained weight in the first year PP compared with their pregestational weight. Conclusion: Our study shows that 20.8% of women with GDM who volunteered to participate in a clinical follow-up program developed prediabetes or diabetes (T1DM and T2DM) within the first year PP. The GDM diagnosis encompasses a heterogenetic group of women and a deeper characterization may provide an opportunity for a more personalized risk assessment to prevent the progression to T2DM.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk: Bridging epidemiological knowledge into personalized postpartum care and follow-up; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is globally the leading cause of death and disability. Sex-specific causes of female CVD are under-investigated. Pregnancy remains an underinvestigated sex-specific stress test for future CVD and a hitherto missed opportunity to initiate prevention of CVD at a young age. Population-based studies show a strong association between female CVD and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This association is also present after other pregnancy complications that are associated with placental dysfunction, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus. Few women are, however, offered systematic cardio-preventive follow-up after such pregnancy complications. These women typically seek help from the health system at first clinical symptom of CVD, which may be decades later. By this time, morbidity is established and years of preventive opportunities have been missed out. Early identification of modifiable risk factors starting postpartum followed by systematic preventive measures could improve maternal cardiovascular health trajectories, promoting healthier societies. In this non-systematic review we briefly summarize the epidemiological associations and pathophysiological hypotheses for the associations. We summarize current clinical follow-up strategies, including some proposed by international and national guidelines as well as user support groups. We address modifiable factors that may be underexploited in the postpartum period, including breastfeeding and blood pressure management. We suggest a way forward and discuss the remaining knowledge gaps and barriers for securing the best evidence-based follow-up, relative to available resources after a hypertensive pregnancy complication in order to prevent or delay onset of premature CVD.
The impact of diabetes mellitus on the development of psychiatric and neurological disorders; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic condition resulting from insulin deficiency or systemic insulin resistance. In this disorder, either the pancreatic β-cells are unable to produce enough insulin, or the secreted insulin is ineffective to overcome the peripheral or central insulin resistance. Over time, glucose metabolism becomes dysregulated, resulting in overt DM characterized by hyperglycemia and chronic systemic inflammation. This research review explores the connections and potential correlations between DM and various psychiatric and neurological disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD), Parkinson's disease (PD), and Alzheimer's disease (AD). While no claims of direct causation can be made, DM does show significant correlations and associations with MDD, PD, and AD. Each of these conditions shows some overlap among risk factors, biological pathways, mechanisms, and therapeutic approaches with DM. Interestingly, depending on the factor, DM can influence the progression of MDD, PD and AD, and vice versa. This review of pathophysiological pathways and molecular events associated with these disorders allows for further investigation into establishing connections between each of these conditions.
Trends in cause-specific mortality among people with type 2 and type 1 diabetes from 2002 to 2019: a Danish population-based study; Background: Despite advances in primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease, excess mortality persists within the diabetes population. This study explores the components of this excess mortality and their interaction with sex. Methods: Using Danish registries (2002–2019), we identified residents aged 18–99 years, their diabetes status, and recorded causes of death. Applying Lexis-based methods, we computed age-standardized mortality rates (asMRs), mortality relative risks (asMRRs), and log-linear trends for cause-specific mortality. Findings: From 2002 to 2019, 958,278 individuals died in Denmark (T2D: 148,620; T1D: 7830) during 84.4 M person-years. During the study period, overall asMRs declined, driven by reducing cardiovascular mortality, notably in men with T2D. Conversely, cancer mortality remained high, making cancer the leading cause of death in individuals with T2D. Individuals with T2D faced an elevated mortality risk from nearly all cancer types, ranging from 9% to 257% compared to their non-diabetic counterparts. Notably, obesity-related cancers exhibited the highest relative risks: liver cancer (Men: asMRR 3.58 (3.28; 3.91); Women: asMRR 2.49 (2.14; 2.89)), pancreatic cancer (Men: asMRR 3.50 (3.25; 3.77); Women: asMRR 3.57 (3.31; 3.85)), and kidney cancer (Men: asMRR 2.10 (1.84; 2.40); Women: asMRR 2.31 (1.92; 2.79)). In men with type 2 diabetes, excess mortality remained stable, except for dementia. In women, diabetes-related excess mortality increased by 6–17% per decade across all causes of death, except cardiovascular disease. Interpretation: In the last decade, cancer has emerged as the leading cause of death among individuals with T2D in Denmark, emphasizing the need for diabetes management strategies incorporating cancer prevention. A sex-specific approach is crucial to address persistently higher relative mortality in women with diabetes. Funding: Supported by Steno Diabetes Center Aarhus, which is partially funded by an unrestricted donation from the Novo Nordisk Foundation, and by The Danish Diabetes Academy.
Cardiac care in trisomy 18: A path to improved outcomes (case report); Background: Trisomy 18 (also known as Edwards syndrome) is a chromosomal disorder characterized by severe developmental anomalies and cognitive deficits. Cardiac complications are a leading cause of mortality in these patients, and the role of cardiac interventions remains controversial. Case Presentation: We report a case of a full-term baby girl with trisomy 18, born via elective cesarean section. The neonate presented with pulmonary atresia and a series of other cardiac abnormalities, necessitating immediate intervention. Despite the initial challenges, including a brief episode of desaturation post-intervention, the patient responded positively to a balloon pulmonary valvuloplasty and emergency patent ductus arteriosus stent insertion, illustrating the potential benefits of cardiac interventions in patients with trisomy 18. Discussion: This case highlights the successful application of cardiac interventions in a patient with trisomy 18, challenging the notion of universally denying such treatments to this population. Our findings suggest that selective interventions can improve quality of life and stabilize the condition, supporting the need for further research to establish clear guidelines for treatment in this demographic. Conclusion: This case adds to the growing evidence supporting the feasibility and potential benefits of cardiac interventions in patients with trisomy 18, advocating for a more individualized approach to treatment.
Prophylactic occlusion balloons of both internal iliac arteries in caesarean hysterectomy for placenta accreta spectrum disorder reduces blood loss: A retrospective comparative study; Background: The placenta accreta spectrum is a complex disorder characterized by abnormal invasion of the placenta into the uterine wall, posing a significant risk of life-threatening haemorrhage for patients. Its incidence is on the rise, largely attributed to the increasing rates of caesarean sections. Management of this spectrum involves a multidisciplinary approach, although standardized protocols are not yet established. While caesarean hysterectomy remains the standard Gold, several adjunctive treatments have emerged in recent years to mitigate bleeding risk and associated morbidity. Among these, prophylactic occlusion balloons placed in the internal iliac arteries have shown promise. The aim of our study is to demonstrate the effect of prophylactic occlusion balloons in both uterine iliac arteries in the management of placental accreta spectrum disorders. Methods: A retrospective monocentric cohort study was conducted in the Department “C” of Gynaecology and Obstetrics at the Maternity Center of Tunis. The study spanned three years, from January 2nd, 2020, to December 31st, 2022. The study population consisted of two groups: Control Group (CG) comprised patients who underwent caesarean hysterectomy without internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons, and Occlusion balloons of both internal iliac arteries Group (OBIIAG) included patients who underwent caesarean hysterectomy with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons. Results: A total of 38 patients were included in the study, all of whom exhibited similar epidemiological characteristics and comparable personal and obstetric histories. The most prevalent risk factor among the patients was a history of caesarean section (92%). On average, patients were diagnosed at 30 weeks of gestation, with third-trimester bleeding being the most common presentation (71% of cases). The median gestational age at delivery was between 36 and 37 weeks. We observed a significant difference in blood loss between the two groups (2888 ml in the control group and 1828 ml in the group with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons, p < 0.05). Implementation of this technique resulted in a reduced need for massive transfusions (p < 0.01) and shorter operating times (126 min for the control group and 92 min for the group with internal-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons; p = 0.04). There were no significant differences in morbidity between the two groups. Conclusion: The intra-iliac prophylactic occlusion balloons can help reduce the risk of hemorrhage and the morbidities that come with the placenta accreta spectrum disorder.
Association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an overall lifetime increased risk of cardiometabolic disease, even among those without intercurrent type 2 diabetes. However, the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and short-term risk of cardiovascular disease is unclear. Establishing short-term risks of cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has significant potential to inform early screening and targeted intervention strategies to reduce premature cardiovascular morbidity among women. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the risk of cardiovascular disease diagnosis in the first 24 months postpartum between patients with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Our longitudinal population-based study included pregnant individuals with deliveries from 2007 to 2019 in the Maine Health Data Organization's All Payer Claims Database. We excluded records with gestational age <20 weeks, non-Maine residence, multifetal gestation, no insurance in the month of delivery or the 3 months before pregnancy, an implausibly short interval until next pregnancy (<60 days), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and any prepregnancy diagnosis of the cardiovascular conditions being examined postpartum. Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (heart failure, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, cardiomyopathy, cerebrovascular disease/stroke, and new chronic hypertension) were identified by International Classification of Diseases 9/10 diagnosis codes. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios, adjusting for potential confounding factors. We assessed whether the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension was mediated by intercurrent diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Among the 84,746 pregnancies examined, the cumulative risk of cardiovascular disease within 24 months postpartum for those with vs without gestational diabetes mellitus was 0.13% vs 0.20% for heart failure, 0.16% vs 0.14% for ischemic heart disease, 0.60% vs 0.44% for cerebrovascular disease/stroke, 0.22% vs 0.16% for arrhythmia/cardiac arrest, 0.20% vs 0.20% for cardiomyopathy, and 4.19% vs 1.83% for new chronic hypertension. After adjusting for potential confounders, those with gestational diabetes had an increased risk of new chronic hypertension (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.56; 95% confidence interval, 1.32–1.86) within the first 24 months postpartum compared with those without gestational diabetes. There was no association between gestational diabetes and ischemic heart disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.34–1.65), cerebrovascular disease/stroke (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.78–1.66), arrhythmia/cardiac arrest (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.16; 95% confidence interval, 0.59–2.29), or cardiomyopathy (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% confidence interval, 0.40–1.41) within the first 24 months postpartum. Those with gestational diabetes appeared to have a decreased risk of heart failure within 24 months postpartum (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.45; 95% confidence interval, 0.21–0.98). Our mediation analyses estimated that 28% of the effect of gestational diabetes on new chronic hypertension was mediated through intercurrent diabetes mellitus. CONCLUSION: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of new chronic hypertension as early as 24 months postpartum. Most of this effect was not due to the development of diabetes mellitus. Our findings suggest that all women with gestational diabetes need careful monitoring and screening for new chronic hypertension in the first 2 years postpartum.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Predicted 30-Year Risk of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease 2-7 Years after Delivery; OBJECTIVE:To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with a higher predicted 30-year risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD; ie, coronary artery disease or stroke).METHODS:This was a secondary analysis of the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study longitudinal cohort. The exposures were adverse pregnancy outcomes during the first pregnancy (ie, gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, preterm birth, and small- and large-for-gestational-age [SGA, LGA] birth weight) modeled individually and secondarily as the cumulative number of adverse pregnancy outcomes (ie, none, one, two or more). The outcome was the 30-year risk of atherosclerotic CVD predicted with the Framingham Risk Score assessed at 2-7 years after delivery. Risk was measured both continuously in increments of 1% and categorically, with high predicted risk defined as a predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD of 10% or more. Linear regression and modified Poisson models were adjusted for baseline covariates.RESULTS:Among 4,273 individuals who were assessed at a median of 3.1 years after delivery (interquartile range 2.5-3.7), the median predicted 30-year atherosclerotic CVD risk was 2.2% (interquartile range 1.4-3.4), and 1.8% had high predicted risk. Individuals with GDM (least mean square 5.93 vs 4.19, adjusted β=1.45, 95% CI, 1.14-1.75), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.95 vs 4.22, adjusted β=0.49, 95% CI, 0.31-0.68), and preterm birth (4.81 vs 4.27, adjusted β=0.47, 95% CI, 0.24-0.70) were more likely to have a higher absolute risk of atherosclerotic CVD. Similarly, individuals with GDM (8.7% vs 1.4%, adjusted risk ratio [RR] 2.02, 95% CI, 1.14-3.59), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (4.4% vs 1.4%, adjusted RR 1.91, 95% CI, 1.17-3.13), and preterm birth (5.0% vs 1.5%, adjusted RR 2.26, 95% CI, 1.30-3.93) were more likely to have a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD. A greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes within the first birth was associated with progressively greater risks, including per 1% atherosclerotic CVD risk (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 4.86 vs 4.09, adjusted β=0.59, 95% CI, 0.43-0.75; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 5.51 vs 4.09, adjusted β=1.16, 95% CI, 0.82-1.50), and a high predicted risk of atherosclerotic CVD (one adverse pregnancy outcome: 3.8% vs 1.0%, adjusted RR 2.33, 95% CI, 1.40-3.88; two or more adverse pregnancy outcomes: 8.7 vs 1.0%, RR 3.43, 95% CI, 1.74-6.74). Small and large for gestational age were not consistently associated with a higher atherosclerotic CVD risk.CONCLUSION:Individuals who experienced adverse pregnancy outcomes in their first birth were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD measured at 2-7 years after delivery. The magnitude of risk was higher with a greater number of adverse pregnancy outcomes experienced.
Changes in PM2.5-related diabetes risk under the implementation of the clean air act in Shanghai; Objectives: We examined the associations between PM2.5 exposure and Type 2 diabetes mellitus risk under the implementation of the Clean Air Act (CAA) among high-risk population for diabetes in Shanghai. Methods: A total of 10,499 subjects from the Shanghai High-Risk Diabetic Screen (SHiDS) project between 2002 and 2018, linked with remotely sensed PM2.5 concentrations, were enrolled in this study. Ordinary least squares and logistic regression were applied to explore associations between PM2.5 and diabetes risk in various exposure periods. Results: In year 2002–2013 (before CAA), the diabetes risk increased 7.5 % (95 % CI: 1.018–1.137), 8.0 % (95 % CI: 1.022–1.142) and 7.9 % (95 % CI: 1.021–1.141) under each 10 μg/m3 increase of long-term (1, 2 and 3 years) PM2.5 exposure, respectively. Elevated PM2.5 exposure were also associated with a significant increase in glycemic parameters before CAA implementation. However, in the year 2014–2018 (after CAA), the associations between PM2.5 exposure and diabetes risk were not significant after controlling for potential confounders. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that long-term and high-level exposure to PM2.5 was associated with increased prevalence of diabetes. Moreover, the implementation of CAA might ameliorate PM2.5-related diabetes risk.
Exposure to persistent hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus is associated with retinopathy of prematurity; Background: Hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA) shunt may predispose infants to retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) because of its higher preductal cardiac output and blood oxygen content, which may augment ocular oxygen delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of preterm infants, born at <27 weeks’ gestation and admitted at <24h postnatal age to a large quaternary referral was conducted. The primary composite outcome was death at <32 weeks or moderate-to-severe ROP (≥stage 2 or requiring treatment) in either eye. Secondary outcomes included ROP requiring treatment, and any ROP. Univariate analysis of patient characteristics and outcomes was performed as well as logistic regression. A receiver operating characteristics curve was generated for the outcome of ROP ≥stage 2 or requiring treatment. Results: A total of 91 patients were screened, of whom 86 (54 hsPDA, 32 controls) were eligible for inclusion. hsPDA patients were younger and lighter at birth and had a higher burden of hyperglycemia and respiratory illness. The rates of the composite outcome (death <32 weeks or moderate-to-severe ROP) and of any ROP were more frequent in the hsPDA group. hsPDA shunt exposure was independently associated with development of any ROP among survivors to assessment (P = 0.006). PDA cumulative exposure score of 78 (clinical equivalent = 7 days high-volume shunt exposure) predicts moderate-to-severe ROP with 80% sensitivity and 78% specificity. Conclusions: Among infants <27 weeks, hsPDA shunt is associated with increased risks of a composite outcome of death or moderate-to-severe ROP, as well as ROP of any stage. Shunt modulation as a strategy to reduce ROP represents a biologically plausible avenue for investigation.
Diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in nursing professionals: An accuracy study; Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) represents a group of cardiovascular risk factors. This article aims to evaluate the accuracy of the tools of MetS diagnosis in Nursing professionals from Primary Health Care (PHC) in Bahia, Brazil. A cross-sectional study with a random sample selected according to essential health information for the diagnostic of MetS. For MetS diagnostic, we used EGIR, NCEP-ATPIII, AACE, IDF, Barbosa et al. (2006), and IDF/AHA/ NHLBI (defined as gold standard) definition. Sensitivity, specificity, predictive values, and likelihood ratio were estimated for each diagnostic tool and compared with the gold standard. Kappa statistic was used to determine the agreement between the diagnostic methods. One thousand one hundred and eleven nursing professionals were included in this study. Sensitivity varied from 15% to 95.1%, and specificity varied between 99.5% and 100%. IDF and Barbosa et al. (2006) definitions were more sensitive (95.1% and 92.8%, respectively), and EGIR, NCEP, ATP III, and IDF showed 100% specificity. IDF and Barbosa et al. (2006) use suitable metabolic syndrome identification and confirmation criteria. The highest agreement was found in the definition of the IDF, Barbosa et al. (2006) and the NCEP ATP III. Defining metabolic syndrome with a higher diagnostic accuracy could contribute to the screening and the early identification of nursing professionals with cardiovascular disease risk factors, which provide opportunities for appropriate prevention and treatment.
An Assessment of Demographics and Clinical Outcomes Among Patients with Gestational Diabetes with and without Diagnosis of PCOS, Nation-wide Study; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is characterized by ovulatory dysfunction and signs and symptoms of hyperandrogenism. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) develops in pregnant patients in whom endogenous insulin production is inadequate. There is limited evidence of clinical outcomes in patients with GDM with and without PCOS. Hence, we sought to investigate this population and their demographics. Methods: We queried NIS between 2017-2020 for adult patients with GDM with and without PCOS. The primary outcome was length of stay (LOS) and total hospital charge. Secondary outcomes comprised mortality, cardiac arrest, use of mechanical ventilation, DKA and HHS. Multivariable logistic and Poisson regression analyses were used to estimate clinical outcomes. Results: There were 1,240,605 hospitalizations with GDM and 20,579 (1.6%) had PCOS. PCOS and non-PCOS cohorts were with mean age of 32 vs 31.5 years; Caucasians 58% vs 43%; obesity 38.5% vs 18.8%; HLD 3.3% vs 0.6%; HTN 0.2% vs 0.1%; AF 0.1% vs 0.03%; HF 0.2% vs 0.1%; AKI 0.2% vs 0.1%; PE 0.4% vs 0.2%, respectively. Although PCOS cohort had significantly longer LOS and higher healthcare charges, mortality, cardiac arrest, HHS, and DKA did not significantly different between the two cohorts and were extremely infrequent (10-3 order). Conclusion: The PCOS group demonstrated significantly higher resource utilization but no significant difference in clinical outcomes. Patients were older, white, with more prevalent obesity, HLD, HTN, AF, HF, PE, AKI. PCOS is associated with cardiometabolic risk factors, and it increases the risk of adverse outcomes in patients with GDM. Further research is necessary to describe long-term outcomes in this population.
Pregnants Obesity and Diabetes: A North-African Report; Introduction: Diabetes is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy. The International Diabetes Federation estimates that 1 in 6 (16.8%) pregnancies are affected by diabetes; the majority (86.4%) being gestational diabetes. Furthermore, pregnancies associated with maternal obesity have a risk of accumulating gestational diabetes. We carried out a single-center study on the epidemiology of overweight/obesity in maternal diabetes. Material and method: This is a retrospective study of pregnant women with diabetes in the gynecology-obstetrics department at a University Hospital, from January 1, 2021 to March 31, 2021. Their body mass index was recorded to identify overweight or obesity Results: One hundred and ten diabetic parturients were reported, and nearly half (43.63%) of diabetic pregnants were overweight or obese: ˗ Eleven (10%) with BMI = 25-30 ˗ Thirty seven (33.63%) with BMI > 30 Discussion: The prevalence of diabetes among obese and overweight pregnant women is increasing globally. In the United States, for example, the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) among pregnant women with a BMI of 30 kg/m2 or greater is estimated at 39%. This is compared to a prevalence of 9% among pregnant women with a BMI of 25 kg/m2 or less. Conclusion: Overweight/obesity is associated with a cluster of metabolic risk factors in early pregnancy, with a higher risk of gestational diabetes. Our local study confirm the prevalence of overweight/obesity among diabetic pregnant women in a North-African country (Algeria) and highlight the urgent need for targeted prevention and closer monitoring of this high metabolic risk.
Clinical Care Pathways for Management of Common Complications of Pregnancy: A Narrative Review Nursing Section; India is a vast and diverse country with a complex healthcare scheme that faces significant challenges in providing quality care to its population. Obstetric care is a complex area of healthcare. The history of clinical care pathways in obstetric care reflects a continued effort to improve the quality and safety of healthcare for mothers and infants. This comprehensive review provides an overview of clinical care pathways in obstetric care. It sheds light on the current evidence supporting the use of clinical care pathways for the management of anaemia during pregnancy, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia, and Preterm Labour (PTL). The primary aim of this review is to recognise the accessibility and strength of evidence for the use of clinical care pathways in the management of common complications of pregnancy.
Association between Cord Blood Haematocrit and Neonatal Outcome among Neonates of Diabetic Mothers: A Cohort Study; Introduction: The perinatal mortality rate of Neonates of Diabetic Mothers (NDMs) over the years showed a reducing trend. Polycythaemia is common in NDMs, and such neonates have a risk of hyperviscosity, renal vein thrombosis, cardiac failure, metabolic abnormalities, and necrotising enterocolitis. Aim: To assess the association between cord blood haematocrit and neonatal outcomes among NDMs. Materials and Methods: The present study was a cohort study that included 130 neonates, which was conducted at Amala Institute of Medical Sciences (AIMS), Thrissur, Kerala, India, from December 2019 to June 2021. The primary inclusion criteria were singleton neonates of Gestational Diabetic Mothers (GDM) (diabetes detected after 20 weeks of gestation) and Overt Diabetes Mellitus (ODM) defined under White’s classification (known to be diabetic before the onset of pregnancy or detected in the initial visits). The parameters assessed were the frequency of distribution of hypoglycaemia, hypocalcaemia, and hyperbilirubinemia among the neonates of DM. Statistical analysis was done using Fisher’s exact test and Student’s t-test. Results: Among the 130 neonates, the majority of the mothers had GDM 111 (85.4%) than ODM 19 (14.6%). The majority were delivered by normal vaginal delivery 67 (51.5%). 10 (7.7%) of NDMs had a birth weight > 4000 g. Significant associations were noted between cord Packed Cell Volume (PCV) and the presence of hypoglycaemia (p-value=0.003), hypocalcaemia (p-value=0.0001), and Neonatal Hyperbilirubinemia (NNH) (p-value=0.0001) among NDMs. Conclusion: Hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and hypocalcaemia were common complications noted in NDMs.
Maternal poor glycemic control increases risk of neonatal left ventricular hypertrophy; BACKGROUND: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is an important complication of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). However, the defined factors, such as the influence of glycemic control, insulin administration of diabetic mothers and large for gestational age (LGA) in infants, are largely unknown on the incidence of LVH. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the prevalence of maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with LVH in IDMs. METHODS: This prospective analytic study was conducted at tertiary care hospitals in a 1-year period. Inborn IDMs were enrolled, and ventricular hypertrophy was identified by 2D echocardiography in the first 72 hours after birth. RESULTS: A total of 160 IDMs met the inclusion criteria, 33 (20.6%) of which had LVH. The incidence of infants with LVH born to mothers with poor glycemic control (fasting blood sugar >95 mg/dL) was significantly elevated than those with good glycemic control (45.5% vs. 14.4%, P<0.001). Twelve IDMs (12/33, 36.5%) of LVH and 17 IDMs (17/127, 13.4%) of non-LVH were LGA. IDMs with LVH, compared those with non-LVH, had significantly increased left ventricular (LV) geometry; IVSd (6.5±0.8 vs. 4.0±0, 7 mm), LV IDd (16.8±3.3 mm vs. 18.4±1.1), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) (68.3±8.5% vs. 62.9±17.5%), left ventricular fraction shortening (LVFS) (35.9±6.6% vs. 32.2±5.5%), LV mass (15.3±11.6 vs. 9.3±2.5 g) and LV mass index (66.2±17.5 vs. 46.6±9.7 g/m2), all with P<0.001. There was significant correlation in LV mass with infants’ weight, height and body surface area (BSA) (r=0.408, 0.337 and 0.424, respectively; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of neonatal ventricular hypertrophy in IDMs was 20.6%. Maternal poor glycemic control and LGA status in IDMs were dominant risk factors of LVH.
Unraveling cardiac development through O-GlcNAcylation: A new perspective; Introduction: O-GlcNAcylation, a post-translational modification, is involved in many cellular processes such as cell division, growth and transcription. It is regulated by a unique couple of enzymes: O-GlcNAcase (OGA) and O-GlcNAc transferase (OGT) which respectively removes and adds the GlcNAc moiety. Notably, the cardiospecific deletion of OGT results in defects in cardiac development. Interestingly, OGT gene is carried by the X chromosome; hence it could explain differences observed in cardiac dysfunction between male and female. Our team has demonstrated ex vivo that long-term increase in O-GlcNAc levels is associated with cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Objective: We aim to decipher the role of O-GlcNAcylation on cardiac development. Method: From the day before mating, till the end of pregnancy, female Wistar rats received a daily subcutaneous injection of NButGT (10 mg/kg) to increase O-GlcNAc levels. Embryos were collected at 15.5 and 20.5 days after mating (E15.5, E20.5) and 84 days after birth (D84). A morphological analysis of cardiac and body development was realized. PCR on SRY gene were done to know the sex. Results: O-GlcNAc levels decrease significantly throughout development, from E15.5 to D84, (E15.5: 1.000 ± 0.055; D84: 0.046 ± 0.005; P < 0.001). NButGT increases O-GlcNAc levels in fetal heart at E15.5 and E20.5 (∼1.5 folds). At both times, the increase in O-GlcNAc levels is associated with morphological alteration of embryo, it affects their weight (E15.5: CTR: 271.9 ± 6.3; NButGT: 343.1 ± 32.8 mg; P < 0.05) and their height (E15.5: CTR: 12.7 ± 0.1; NButGT: 14.2 ± 0.3 mm; P < 0.001). NButGT treatment also alters cardiac structure, specifically, it increases the heart to embryo weight ratio (E20.5: CTR: 0.006 ± 0.0002; NButGT: 0.007 ± 0.0002; P < 0.5) in a sex independent manner. Conclusion: Our findings reveal that stimulate O-GlcNAcylation during development has an impact on global development and more particularly heart in a sex independent manner. We aim to assess the morphological consequences of heightened O-GlcNAcylation on the heart through histological analysis. Given the significant association between O-GlcNAcylation and diabetes, our results hold particular significance and may pave the way for new strategies to prevent cardiac hypertrophy in newborns born to diabetic mothers.
What is Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Awareness in Pregnant Women: A Survey Study; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasing problem in our present day. It is important to increase the awareness of pregnant women regarding this issue for compliance in diagnosis, follow-up, and treatment processes. The purpose of the present study was to evaluate the awareness of GDM and its complications and the approach to the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women. Methods: Fifty patients with GDM or pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) after 24 weeks of gestation and 250 patients without GDM and PGDM history were evaluated. A questionnaire on GDM and its complications, consisting of 18 questions, was administered to the groups. Results: The mean obesity rate was higher (p=0.0001), body mass index was higher (p=0.0001), and a family history of diabetes was found to be more common (p=0.0001) in the group of pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. The rate of correct answers to the questions was 65% in all patients. The awareness level was found to be higher in those who had higher educational status (p=0.0001), those with higher income levels (p=0.0001), and smokers (p=0.03). OGTT rejection was found with a higher rate among those who thought that OGTT would harm the pregnancy and fetus among the pregnant women who did not have diabetes before the 24th gestational week (p=0.006). Conclusion: Although the awareness of pregnant women regarding GDM was not at an insufficient level, there was a lack of knowledge regarding some issues.
Detection and Intervention: Use of Continuous Glucose Monitoring in the Early Stages of Type 2 Diabetes; The term “prediabetes” has been used to identify the state of abnormal glucose homeostasis (dysglycemia) that often leads to the development of clinical type 2 diabetes. However, this term does not describe the cellular changes that are already taking place in individuals with elevated glucose levels. This article describes our approach to detecting early dysglycemia using continuous glucose monitoring and explains how this approach can be integrated into clinical practice settings.
Risk factors related to venous thromboembolism in pregnant women: a meta-analysis; Introduction: The aim of this paper was to make a preliminary analysis of the risk factors related to venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnant women by Meta-analysis. Evidence acquisition: Three databases including PubMed, Web of Science, and The National Library of Medicine (NLM) were systematically searched from their establishment to January 1, 2023, and the obtained data were statistically analyzed using RevMan5.3 software. Evidence synthesis: A total of 10 studies were included, involving 22 risk factors, of which 16 were included for further analysis. Meta analysis showed that cesarean section (OR=2.05, 95%CI: 1.71, 2.47, P=0.007), gestational diabetes (OR=1.17, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.27, P<0.001), eclampsia or preeclampsia (OR=1.88, 95%CI: 1.42, 2.49, P< 0.001), obesity (OR=1.19, 95%CI: 1.04, 1.86, P=0.028), twin or multiple pregnancy (OR=2.34, 95%CI: 1.46, 3.76, P<0.001), chronic heart disease (OR=3.59, 95%CI: 3.28, 3.92, P<0.001), and blood transfusion history (OR=3.20, 95%CI: 2.78, 3.68, P<0.001) were risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. Conclusions: Existing evidence suggests that cesarean section, gestational diabetes, eclampsia or preeclampsia, obesity (body mass index ≥30 kg/m2), twin or multiple pregnancy, chronic heart disease, and blood transfusion history may be risk factors for VTE in pregnant women. In clinical practice, the evaluation and management of VTE should be strengthened, and a model for clinical prediction of VTE can be established to provide a reference for the prevention of VTE.
HYPERGLYCAEMIA INDUCES EPIGENETIC DYSREGULATION IN HUMAN ENDOTHELIAL COLONYFORMING CELLS WHICH LIMITS THEIR VASOREPARATIVE AND THERAPEUTIC POTENTIAL; Endothelial colony forming cells (ECFCs) are a defined progenitor subtype with established roles in vascular homeostasis and angiogenesis. Whilst ECFCs hold clear therapeutic potential for improved ischaemic cardiovascular disease (CVD) management, reduced pro-angiogenic capacity associated with diabetes and attenuated efficacy within the CVD microenvironment limit their translational potential. Given association between diabetes and ischaemic CVD pathogenesis, targeting of critical angiogenic-linked pathways remains a focus for both protecting and enhancing intrinsic diabetic ECFC vasoreparative function. Whilst DNA methylation (5 mC) regulates endothelial cell (EC) homeostasis and stress-induced dysfunction, understanding of its role in ECFC angiogenic response is limited. Alteration of maintenance regulators (DNMT1/UHRF1) with aberrant 5 mC is linked with numerous diseases including CVD. The aim of this study was therefore to define the specific influence of 5 mC on ECFC angiogenic dysfunction in both experimental and clinical diabetes. Treatment of healthy cord blood-derived ECFCs with 5'Aza-2-deoxycytidine (DNMT inhibitor; 1uM,72hrs) attenuated tube-forming capacity (Matrigel) in parallel with dysregulation of key proangiogenic proteins (Proteome Profiler®), confirming a specific role for ECFC 5 mC. Exposure of ECFCs to experimental diabetes (25 mmol/L D-glucose for 28 days) attenuated angiogenic capacity and increased DNMT1/UHRF1 expression versus L-glucose controls, whilst DNMT1 plasmid overexpression (OE) in healthy ECFCs led to reduced tube formation, specifically linking DNMT1 elevation with pathogenicity. In direct support of clinical relevance, ECFCs isolated from donors with gestational diabetes showed reduced angiogenic potential and increased DNMT1/UHRF1 expression, with TWIST meC screening highlighting intriguing gene-specific differential methylation, including hypermethylation with corresponding transcription changes linked to disrupted angiogenic function. Taken together, these data indicate a pivotal role for 5 mC in maintaining ECFC pro-angiogenic capacity in both health and disease, whilst highlighting exciting potential of selective epigenetic targeting (e.g. methylome editing via CRISPR/Cas9) to harness their intrinsic vasoreparative capacity for as an innovative approach ischaemic CVD management.
TRANSIENT EXPOSURE TO THE DIABETIC MILIEU IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES IMPOSES A PERSISTENT PHENOTYPIC SWITCH IN HUMAN UMBILICAL ARTERY SMOOTH MUSCLE CELLS; Introduction Gestation diabetes (GDM) is the transient development of diabetes during pregnancy, which resolves after delivery. It affects 1 in 20 UK pregnancies and predisposes both mother and child to early development of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Smooth muscle cells (SMC) are the principal cell type in the vascular wall and previous studies have shown that T2DMSMC exhibit sustained phenotypic changes in morphology, proliferation, and become senescent with a persistently activated DNA damage response. However, it is unknown how long these patients had T2DM, and thus how long an exposure to the diabetic milieu is needed to induce persistent SMC dysfunction. The present study is the first to characterise primary SMC phenotype from the umbilical artery of mothers with and without GDM, to examine whether phenotypic change can be induced in less than 9 months of diabetes. Methods Human umbilical artery SMC were isolated from GDM and non-diabetic (ND) donors via explant. SMC identify was validated using immunocytochemistry, and morphological characteristics were analysed using light microscopy and ImageJ. Senescence was measured by beta-galactosidase staining, gene expression of senescence-associated cytokines by qPCR, and proliferation by cell counting. Results The identity of explanted SMC was confirmed by costaining for alpha smooth muscle actin and smooth muscle myosin heavy chain. GDM-SMC had a greater diversity in size and were on average 39.9% larger than ND-SMC, though they retained their spindle morphology. GDM-SMC had significantly higher senescence scores (69% increase) and incidence of multinucleation (43%), with reduced expression of LMNB1 and increased expression of interleukins -8 (453% increase) and -17A (1533% increase). Proliferative capacity was unchanged. Conclusion GDM-SMC present evidence of persistent DNA damage after transient (maximum 9 months) exposure to the diabetic milieu, which is similar to the characteristics seen in T2DM-SMC. However, changes in morphology and proliferation were less pronounced in GDM-SMC. This study has therefore revealed that transient exposure to diabetes in vivo is enough to impart persistent phenotypic change in vitro, highlighting a potential mechanism by which GDM mothers and children are predisposed to vascular disease. Furthermore, given that morphological and proliferative changes in GDM are less pronounced than T2DM, this suggests that enhanced DNA damage and senescence is the triggering factor for SMC dysfunction in diabetes which is worthy of further study.
PREGNANCY OUTCOME IN A CONTEMPORARY COHORT OF WOMEN WITH CONGENITAL OR ACQUIRED HEART DISEASE: A SINGLE CENTRE EXPERIENCE; Introduction: Existing literature suggests a relationship between maternal heart disease and pregnancy-associated complications. The aim of the present study was to investigate pregnancy outcomes in a contemporary cohort of women with known heart disease. Material and methods: This is a retrospective, single-centre, observational study. All consecutive women with singleton pregnancies and congenital or acquired heart disease who delivered between January 2020 and December 2023 were included. All women received multidisciplinary care in both the cardiology and obstetrics departments. Pregestational baseline characteristics and obstetric data were extracted from the patients' charts. Adverse pregnancy outcome was defined as a composite of the following complications: preterm birth (<37 weeks of gestation), small for gestational age (SGA) / intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes. Results: Fifty-nine women with 62 consecutive pregnancies were included. Mean maternal age at the time of delivery was 33.1±5 years. Twenty-five (40.3%) were primiparous. Fifty-two (88.1%) patients had congenital/hereditary heart disease, while seven (11.9%) patients had acquired heart disease. Cardiac patient characteristics are reported in Table 1. Altered cardiac hemodynamics was present in 9/62 (14.5%) pregnancies. A composite of adverse pregnancy events occurred in 18 (29%) pregnancies. Detailed outcomes are reported in Table 2. Rates of adverse events were highest in the pregnancies of women with non- congenital/non-rheumatic heart disease (4/10, 40%) and left-sided lesions (8/21, 38%), respectively. Conclusion: In the present contemporary cohort of women with heart disease, adverse outcomes occurred in nearly one-third (29%) of pregnancies, especially in the pregnancies of patients with non- congenital/non-rheumatic heart disease and leftsided lesions. Most of them were placenta-related complications. Larger cohorts are needed to better characterize associations between pregestational hemodynamic parameters and placental function. (Table Presented).
Effect of a preconception lifestyle intervention on cardiometabolic outcomes in females at increased risk for gestational diabetes: a randomised controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of maternal type 2 diabetes and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. Lifestyle interventions in pregnancy usually start in the second trimester. However, adherence is poor and the evidence of clinically meaningful effects of these interventions are inconclusive. Alternative preconception lifestyle interventions such as time-restricted eating and high-intensity exercise may improve cardiometabolic outcomes, as it does in non-pregnant individuals. Purpose: We aim to determine the effect of a preconception lifestyle intervention continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods: In this ongoing randomised controlled trial, 167 females at increased risk of GDM contemplating pregnancy were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise and time-restricted eating. We use a heart rate-based app (Personal Activity Intelligence; PAI) and encourage the participants to maintain ≥ 100 PAI points weekly, corresponding to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum. Time-restricted eating involves limiting the time-window for energy intake each day to ≤ 10 hours, ≥ 5 days/week. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before, during, and after pregnancy. The primary outcome is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Secondary outcomes include body composition and cardio-metabolic outcomes in mothers and their offspring. We used linear mixed models to determine the effect of the intervention, compared with the control group, using the “intention to treat principle”. For the primary outcome measure, we set the significance threshold at p <.05. For secondary outcomes, we set this threshold to p <.01 due to multiple comparisons. Here we report preliminary findings from the study. Results: One hundred and eleven participants, aged 29.7 ± 3.3 years, conceived within 3.2 ± 2.9 months of randomization. Preliminary analyses show that the participants maintained an average of 83.8 ± 45.1 PAI points throughout the intervention period. There was a significant reduction in the eating window from baseline in the intervention group compared to control (-1.14 hrs, 95% confidence interval -1.70 to -0.58, p <.001). The intervention group lost 2.16 kg (95% confidence interval -3.8 to -0.5, p =.011) compared to the control group in gestational week 28. Favourable, but statistically insignificant, changes were observed in several cardiometabolic parameters, including fat mass, visceral fat area, fasting blood glucose, and HbA1c in the intervention group. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that a combination of time-restricted eating and exercise started before and continued throughout pregnancy had no significant effect on glycaemic outcomes or other cardiometabolic health parameters in females with increased risk of GDM.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy Risk Factors in Infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a systemic chronic metabolic disorder characterized by increased insulin resistance and/or β- cell defects. Maternal DM significantly affects the fetal heart and fetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. Cardiac defects, myocardial hypertrophy are three times more prevalent in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Objective: Assess the frequency of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) among infants of diabetic mothers and its relationship to the maternal glycemic control and the birth weight for the gestational age. Patients and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study conducted on (50) neonates with gestational age ≥ 35 weeks born to diabetic mothers recruited from the delivery room and Neonatal Observation Unit, Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, Ain shams university. Detailed history was taken for the duration of maternal diabetes, glycemic control and any associated complications and the level of hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C) was assessed for all the enrolled mothers. Neonates were subjected to full clinical examination and echocardiographic evaluation in the first week of life. Results: Forty % of mothers had gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), (20%) were pre-gestational diabetes type 1 and 40% were pre-GDM type 2. There were 18 infants (36%) had HCM. HCM was highly statistically significant (p-value < 0.001) more in cases with high maternal HbA1C (8.3 ± 0.9). The frequency of HCM among infants of pre-GDM mothers (15 patients, 50%) was significantly higher (p-value = 0.012) when compared to infants of GDM mothers (3 patients, 15%). But the frequency of HCM was equal in infants of pre-GDM type I mothers and those of pre-GDM type 2 mothers. HCM was more common with large for gestational age (LGA) infants (10 cases 55.6% of infants with HCM were LGA). Conclusion: HCM is more frequent among infants of mothers with pre-GDM type 1 than infants of GDM. Poor maternal glycemic control and large for gestational age are associated with higher frequency of HCM among those infants.
SCUBE in human diseases: A systematic review; The involvement of the Signal peptide-complement components of C1r/C1s, the sea urchin Uegf and Bone Morphogenetic Protein (CUB) domain-Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF)-related (SCUBE) gene in human diseases has been progressively apparent. The SCUBE1 is detectable in platelet-aggregation diseases. The SCUBE2 is reported to have a better cancer survival prognosis. However, SCUBE3 is detected in bone-related diseases. SCUBE gene interacts with Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which has a wide range of biological functions such as cell proliferation, apoptosis, differentiation, and activation of platelet activity. The current review is a systematic review performed using SCOPUS, Cochrane, and Pubmed/Medline according to The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocol (PRISMA-P) guidelines. This review discusses the entanglement of the SCUBE gene’s potential role in human diseases. Examining the role of the SCUBE family sheds new light on platelet aggregation-related diseases, cancer prognosis, and their pathogenesis.
Perinatal Outcome following the Suspension of Intrapartum Oxygen Treatment; Objective This study aimed to evaluate whether the suspension of intrapartum maternal oxygen supplementation for nonreassuring fetal heart rate is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. Study Design A retrospective cohort study, including all individuals that underwent labor in a single tertiary medical center. On April 16, 2020, the routine use of intrapartum oxygen for category II and III fetal heart rate tracings was suspended. The study group included individuals with singleton pregnancies that underwent labor during the 7 months between April 16, 2020, and November 14, 2020. The control group included individuals that underwent labor during the 7 months before April 16, 2020. Exclusion criteria included elective cesarean section, multifetal pregnancy, fetal death, and maternal oxygen saturation <95% during delivery. The primary outcome was defined as the rate of composite neonatal outcome, consisting of arterial cord pH <7.1, mechanical ventilation, respiratory distress syndrome, necrotizing enterocolitis, intraventricular hemorrhage grade 3/4, and neonatal death. The secondary outcome was the rate of cesarean and operative delivery. Results The study group included 4,932 individuals, compared with 4,906 individuals in the control group. The suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment was associated with a significant increase in the rate of composite neonatal outcome (187 [3.8%] vs. 120 [2.4%], p < 0.001), including the rate of abnormal cord arterial pH <7.1 (119 [2.4%] vs. 56 [1.1%], p < 0.01). A higher rate of cesarean section due to nonreassuring fetal heart rate was noted in the study group (320 [6.5%] vs. 268 [5.5%], p = 0.03). A logistic regression analysis revealed that the suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment was independently associated with the composite neonatal outcome (adjusted odds ratio = 1.55 [95% confidence interval, 1.23-1.96]) while adjusting for suspected chorioamnionitis, intrauterine growth restriction, and recent coronavirus disease 2019 exposure. Conclusion Suspension of intrapartum oxygen treatment for nonreassuring fetal heart rate was associated with higher rates of adverse neonatal outcomes and urgent cesarean section due to fetal heart rate. Key Points The available data on intrapartum maternal oxygen supplementation are equivocal. Suspension of maternal oxygen for nonreassuring fetal heart rate during labor was associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. Oxygen treatment might still be important and relevant during labor.
Is Faster Better? Relationships of Cesarean Acuity with Risk of Low Apgar Scores and Fetal Acidemia; Objective Timely response to obstetrical emergencies is highly desired. The recommendation for decision-to-incision (DTI) time in cesarean delivery (CD) of not more than 30 minutes was issued to prevent neonatal hypoxic-ischemic morbidities. We analyzed the efficiency with which an institutional-specific CD acuity classification system (emergent case: target DTI ≤ 15 minutes; urgent case: target DTI ≤ 30 minutes) reflected in the actual DTI time, Apgar scores, and newborn acid-base status. Study Design Data on all 610 cesarean sections (CSs) performed over a 14-month period at a tertiary medical center were retrospectively extracted. Cases grouped by target DTI time categories were compared for proportions in low Agar scores and fetal acidosis. Multivariable regression was used to identify clinical variables associated with the need for neonatal resuscitation. Results During the study period, 60 (10%) of CSs were emergent, 296 (49%) urgent, and 254 (41%) elective. The target DTI ≤ 15 minutes was achieved in 68% of emergent CSs with 93% having a DTI ≤ 30 minutes. Among urgent surgeries, the target DTI ≤ 30 minutes was reached in 48% of cases with 83% having DTI ≤ 45 minutes. Compared with both urgent and scheduled procedures the incidence of newborn acidosis and Apgar scores ≤4 and ≤7 was the highest among emergent CSs. The proportion of moderate and severe acidosis for deliveries with DTI ≤ 15 minutes was significantly higher compared with procedures with DTI 16 to 30 and >30 minutes. The need for neonatal resuscitation, including intubation, was independently associated with fetal acidosis, low gestational age, surgery acuity level, general anesthesia, but not with the actual DTI time. Conclusion Adherence to tight DTI time targets is pragmatically difficult. The need for neonatal resuscitation varies with the acuity of the procedure but not with the actual DTI interval, implying that within certain time limits, the indication for surgery plays a greater role in the status of the newborn than the speed of the CS. Key Points Adherence to prespecified DTI times for cesarean is pragmatically difficult. Emergent CS had the highest proportion of newborns with acidosis and low Apgar scores despite shorter DTI. The need for neonatal resuscitation associated with fetal acidemia, prematurity and general anesthesia.
Exposure to Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Is Associated with Aggravated Short-Term Neonatal and Neurological Outcomes following Perinatal Hypoxic-Ischemic Encephalopathy; Objective Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at higher risk of perinatal morbidities and glycemic instability, but the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes of neonates with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) remains poorly described. Our objective was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on neonatal and neurological short-term outcomes following neonatal HIE. Study Design This was a retrospective single-center study including 102 term neonates with HIE who received therapeutic hypothermia (TH) treatment between 2013 and 2020. Multiple regression analysis was used to assess the relationship between the presence of maternal diabetes and short-term outcomes. Results Neonates with HIE and maternal diabetes exposure had a significantly lower gestational age at birth (38.6 vs. 39.7 weeks of gestation, p = 0.005) and a significantly higher mean birth weight (3,588 ± 752 vs. 3,214 ± 514 g, p = 0.012). IDM with HIE were ventilated for longer duration (8 vs. 4 days, p = 0.0047) and had a longer neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) stay (18 vs. 11 days, p = 0.0483) as well as took longer time to reach full oral feed (15 vs. 7 days, p = 0.0432) compared with neonates of nondiabetic mother. Maternal diabetes was also associated with an increased risk of death or abnormal neurological examination at discharge in neonates with HIE (odds ratio: 6.41 [1.54-26.32]). Conclusion In neonates with HIE, maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of death or short-term neonatal morbidities, such as longer duration of ventilation, prolonged neonatal stay, greater need for tube feeding, and being discharged with an abnormal neurological examination. Strategies to prevent, reduce, or better control maternal diabetes during pregnancy should be prioritized to minimize complications after perinatal asphyxia. Key Points Maternal DB is associated with unfavorable outcomes. IDM have longer ventilatory support and tube feeding. IDM have higher risk of abnormal neurological examination.
Maternal Morbidity Risk Factors in Nulliparas; Objective For every incidence of maternal mortality, maternal morbidity is thought to occur in another 50 to 100 individuals in the United States. Multiple risk factors for severe maternal morbidity have been identified, but counseling about specific risk in pregnancy remains difficult, particularly nulliparous individuals as prior obstetric history is one of the factors influencing risk for severe maternal morbidity. The objective of this study is to examine the association between sociodemographic and laboratory assessments in the first trimester and maternal morbidity in nulliparas. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of a large, multicenter prospective observational cohort of nulliparas. The primary maternal outcome was a composite of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), hemorrhage (transfusion, hemorrhage, hysterectomy, other surgery, readmission for bleeding), infection (endometritis, wound infection or dehiscence, pneumonia, sepsis, infection during labor and delivery, readmission for infection through day 14), venous thromboembolic events (VTE) (deep venous thrombosis, or pulmonary embolus), or maternal death within 14 days of delivery. Sociodemographic and clinical factors were compared between people with and without maternal morbidity. Relative risk and 95% confidence interval for maternal morbidity was calculated using log-binomial regression, adjusted for baseline characteristics that had a significant independent relationship with maternal morbidity with a p -value <0.05. Results Of 9,445 pregnant people in the analysis, 18.2% (n = 1,716) experienced the composite maternal morbidity; the most common component was HDP (13.1%, n = 1,244) followed by infection (4.43%, n = 420), hemorrhage (2.27%, n = 215), VTE (0.12%, n = 11), and death (0.01%, n = 1). In a multivariable model, self-identified Black race, first trimester obesity, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, and chronic kidney disease were significantly associated with the primary maternal outcome. Conclusion More than one in six nulliparas experienced the composite maternal morbidities. Maternal morbidity was associated with self-identified Black race, obesity, and multiple preexisting medical comorbidities.
Health Care Disparities and the Emergency Management of Postpartum Patients with Cardiovascular Complaints; Objective This study aimed to determine health care disparities in evaluation and admission among underserved racial and ethnic minority groups presenting with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year according to patient and provider demographics. Study Design A retrospective cohort study was performed on all postpartum patients who sought emergency care between February 2012 and October 2020 in a large urban care center in Southeastern Texas. Patient information was collected according to International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision codes and individual chart analysis. Race, ethnicity, and gender information were self-reported for both patients on hospital enrollment forms and emergency department (ED) providers on their employment records. Statistical analysis was performed with logistic regression and Pearson's chi-square test. Results Of 47,976 patients who delivered during the study period, 41,237 (85.9%) were black, Hispanic, or Latina and 490 (1.1%) presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups; however, Hispanic or Latina patients were more likely to have had gestational diabetes mellitus during the index pregnancy (6.2 vs. 18.3%). There was no difference in hospital admission between groups (17.9% black vs. 16.2% Latina or Hispanic patients). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate by provider race or ethnicity overall (p = 0.82). There was no difference in the hospital admission rate when a patient was evaluated by a provider of a different race or ethnicity (relative risk [RR] = 1.08, CI: 0.6-1.97). There was no difference in the rate of admission according to the self-reported gender of the provider (RR = 0.97, CI: 0.66-1.44). Conclusion This study illustrates that disparities did not exist in the management of racial and ethnic minority groups who presented to the ED with cardiovascular complaints during the first postpartum year. Patient-provider discordance in race or gender was not a significant source of bias or discrimination during the evaluation and treatment of these patients.
The Association between Fetal Growth Restriction and Maternal Morbidity; Objective This study aimed to compare adverse maternal outcomes between pregnancies complicated by fetal growth restriction (FGR) and those without FGR. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of the data from the Consortium on Safe Labor, which was conducted from 2002 to 2008 in 12 clinical centers with 19 hospitals across 9 American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists districts. We included singleton pregnancies without any maternal comorbidities or placenta abnormalities. We compared the outcomes of individuals with FGR with individuals without FGR. Our primary outcome was severe maternal morbidity. Our secondary outcome included various adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression was performed to obtain adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI), adjusting for confounders. Missing values for maternal age and body mass index were imputed. Results Of 199,611 individuals, 4,554 (2.3%) had FGR and 195,057 (97.7%) did not have FGR. Compared with the individuals without FGR, individuals with FGR had increased odds of severe maternal morbidity (0.6 vs. 1.3%; aOR: 1.97 [95% CI: 1.51-2.57]), cesarean delivery (27.7 vs. 41.2%; aOR: 2.31 [95% CI: 2.16-2.48]), pregnancy-associated hypertension (8.3 vs. 19.2%; aOR: 2.76 [95% CI: 2.55-2.99]), preeclampsia without severe features (3.2 vs. 4.7%; aOR: 1.45 [95% CI: 1.26-1.68]), preeclampsia with severe features (1.4 vs. 8.6%; aOR: 6.04 [95% CI: 5.39-6.76]), superimposed preeclampsia (18.3 vs. 30.2%; aOR: 1.99 [95% CI: 1.53-2.59]), neonatal intensive care unit admission (9.7 vs. 28.4%; aOR: 3.53 [95% CI: 3.28-3.8]), respiratory distress syndrome (2.2 vs. 7.7%; aOR: 3.57 [95% CI: 3.15-4.04]), transient tachypnea of the newborn (3.3 vs. 5.4%; aOR: 1.62 [95% CI: 1.40-1.87]), and neonatal sepsis (2.1 vs. 5.5%; aOR: 2.43 [95% CI: 2.10-2.80]). Conclusion FGR was associated with increased odds of severe maternal outcomes in addition to adverse neonatal outcomes.
Neonatal Outcomes of Water Delivery versus Land Delivery: A Retrospective Propensity Score Weighted Study; Objective Recent evidence has shown that water delivery is safe for the mother, but high-quality evidence is not available for the newborn. Therefore, obstetric guidelines do not support it. This retrospective study aimed to contribute to the available evidence on maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with water delivery. Study Design Retrospective cohort study from prospectively collected birth registry data from 2015 to 2019. A total of 144 consecutive water deliveries and 265 land deliveries eligible for waterbirth were identified. The inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) method was applied to address for confounders. Results We identified 144 women who delivered in water (water group) and 265 women who delivered on land (land group). One (0.7%) neonatal death was observed in the water delivery group. After IPTW adjustment, water delivery was significantly associated with a higher risk of maternal fever in puerperium (odds ratio [OR]: 4.98; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.86-17.02; p = 0.004), of neonatal cord avulsion (OR: 20.73; 95% CI: 2.63-2,674; p = 0.001), and of positive neonatal C-reactive protein (CRP > 5 mg/L; OR: 2.59; 95% CI: 1.05-7.24; p = 0.039); delivering in water was associated with lower maternal blood loss (mean difference: 110.40 mL; 95% CI: 191.01-29.78; p = 0.007), a lower risk of major (≥1,000 mL) postpartum hemorrhage (OR: 0.96; 95% CI: 0.92-0.99; p = 0.016), lower risk of manual placenta delivery (OR: 0.18; 95% CI: 0.03-0.67; p = 0.008) and curettage (OR: 0.24; 95% CI: 0.08-0.60; p = 0.002), lower use of episiotomy (OR: 0.02; 95% CI: 0-0.12; p < 0.001), and lower risk of neonatal ward admission (OR: 0.35; 95% CI: 0.25-0.48; p < 0.001). Conclusion The present study showed that differences are present between water and land delivery, and among them is the risk of cord avulsion, a severe and potentially fatal event. In women choosing to deliver in water, a trained staffmust be present and immediate recognition of cord avulsion is key for a prompt management to avoid possible serious complications. Key Points High-quality evidence is not available for neonatal safety of waterbirth; therefore, retrospective studies still represent the main body of evidence. Differences are present between water and land delivery, and among them, the increased risk of cord avulsion is a potentially fatal event. A trained staff must assist women who chose to deliver in water and cord avulsion must be promptly recognized and managed to avoid severe neonatal complications.
Increased risk of adverse gestational outcomes in pregnant women with primary Sjögren's syndrome; Objectives This study aimed to identify risk factors contributing to diverse pregnancy outcomes in primary Sjögren's syndrome (pSS) cases. Methods A retrospective analysis was conducted on pregnant individuals with pSS, who received outpatient or inpatient care across multiple hospitals in Anhui Province, China, from January 2015 to December 2022. Results This study included 164 pregnant women with pSS and 328 control subjects, with no statistically significant difference in average age between the two groups. Analysis of pregnancy outcomes revealed that, compared with the control group, pregnant women in the pSS group were more likely to experience miscarriages, both spontaneous (12.80% vs 1.52%, p<0.001) and therapeutic (6.10% vs 0.91%, p<0.05). The proportion of placental abnormalities detected during prenatal ultrasound in women from the pSS group was higher (14.63% vs 6.40%, p<0.05). In the analysis of pregnancy outcomes for live-born neonates, a higher incidence of congenital heart abnormalities was observed in the pSS group (27.34% vs 12.03%, p<0.05). While there were no significant differences between the pSS pregnancies in terms of both normal and adverse pregnancy outcomes, a comparison of fetal survival and fetal loss in pSS pregnancies revealed a greater use of prophylactic anticoagulant therapy in the fetal survival group. Notably, the application of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) emerged as an independent protective factor for fetal survival. Conclusions Compared with non-autoimmune controls, pregnancy in women with pSS presents more challenges. Importantly, we observed that the use of LMWH as anticoagulant therapy is an independent protective measure for fetal survival.
Pregnancy-Associated Onset of Adult-Onset Still's Disease; Objective This study aims to elucidate the clinical manifestations, diagnostic challenges, and management strategies of adult-onset Still's disease (AOSD) during pregnancy, leveraging a case series overview and a detailed case report from our center. Study Design A comprehensive review of 21 published case reports on AOSD diagnosed during pregnancy was conducted, alongside a detailed case report of a patient diagnosed and managed at our center. This study emphasizes the importance of recognizing AOSD in pregnant patients, outlines the therapeutic challenges encountered, and discusses the potential complications arising from the disease and its treatment. Results The onset of AOSD during pregnancy predominantly occurs in the first or second trimester, with a polycyclic disease course observed in most cases. Management primarily involves corticosteroids and immunosuppressive medications, balancing the disease control with potential pregnancy complications. The case report highlights the complex interplay between AOSD, hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, and pregnancy, illustrating a multidisciplinary approach to management that ensured favorable maternal and fetal outcomes despite the significant challenges. Conclusion AOSD presents unique diagnostic and therapeutic challenges during pregnancy, requiring careful consideration of maternal and fetal health. Early diagnosis, a multidisciplinary approach to care, and judicious use of immunosuppressive therapy are critical for managing AOSD flares and associated complications. Further research is necessary to optimize care for this rare condition in the context of pregnancy.
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the circadian rhythm of cesarean section deliveries; Circadian rhythms synchronize all biological functions, enabling humans to foresee and respond better to periodic environmental changes. The coronavirus disease (COVID-19) lockdown regulations significantly changed the lighting conditions in pregnant women, leading to chronological disruption. This study aimed to investigate the impact of the COVID-19 on the circadian rhythm of cesarean deliveries. We investigated whether the circadian rhythm of cesarean section deliveries changed during the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic at a tertiary hospital in Van Province, eastern Turkey. We analyzed the distribution of birth times for 1476 cesarean deliveries performed between March 01, 2020 and January 20, 2021 (1st year of the COVID-19 pandemic) and compared this information with data from 1194 cesarean deliveries performed during a similar period in the previous year. The primary outcome was the change in the circadian rhythm of cesarean deliveries. Secondary outcomes included cesarean section (CS) delivery rates, indications for CS, 1st and 5th minutes Appearance (skin color), Pulse (heart rate), Grimace (reflex irritability), Activity (muscle tone), and Respiration scores, and anesthesia technique use rates. Regarding the time distribution of CS deliveries in the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic, the maximum number of cesarean deliveries (n = 234, 16%) occurred between 14:00 and 16:00 (P = .112). Cesarean deliveries in pre-COVID-19 group were most frequently performed between 10:00 and 12:00, at a rate of 18% (n = 216) (P = .001). In both groups, the time point at which CS deliveries were the least performed was 04:00 to 06:00, and the rates were different (n = 35, 2% and n = 14, 1%, respectively) (P = .022). A 4-hour phase shift was detected at the peak of the birth time in the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic compared to the previous year. These results suggest that the circadian rhythm of cesarean deliveries is affected by the pandemic.
The Role of the Electrocardiogram in Pregnant Individuals with Chronic Hypertension; Objective The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists suggests that an electrocardiogram is an acceptable first-line test. We sought to examine whether an electrocardiogram is a sufficient screening tool to identify echocardiogram-diagnosed left ventricular hypertrophy. We also sought to determine risk factors associated with left ventricular hypertrophy. Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension who delivered at 20 weeks' gestation or greater at a tertiary care center. Analyses were limited to individuals who had both electrocardiogram and echocardiogram during pregnancy. Left ventricular hypertrophy was diagnosed using the American Society of Echocardiography guidelines. Maternal demographics and electrocardiogram results were compared between individuals with left ventricular hypertrophy and those without left ventricular hypertrophy. The sensitivity, specificity, positive likelihood ratio, and negative likelihood ratio of the electrocardiogram to identify left ventricular hypertrophy were also calculated. Adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated, controlling for covariates. Results Of 172 individuals, 60 (34.9%) had left ventricular hypertrophy. The sensitivity, specificity, positive likelihood ratio, and negative likelihood ratio of the electrocardiogram to identify echocardiogram-diagnosed left ventricular hypertrophy was 18.3% (95% CI: 9.5-30.4), 91.1% (95% CI: 84.2-95.6), 2.05 (95% CI: 0.93-4.56), and 0.90 (95% CI: 0.78-1.02), respectively. Compared with individuals without left ventricular hypertrophy, those with left ventricular hypertrophy were more likely to have hypertension of 4 years' duration or longer (aOR = 4.01; 95% CI: 1.71-9.42), unknown duration of hypertension (aOR = 4.66; 95% CI: 1.28-17.04), and higher body mass index (aOR = 1.04; 95% CI: 1.01-1.07). After adjusting for covariates, left ventricular hypertrophy by electrocardiogram was not associated with actual left ventricular hypertrophy (aOR = 2.59; 95% CI: 0.94-7.10). Conclusion Electrocardiogram was not a sufficient test for identifying left ventricular hypertrophy in pregnant individuals with chronic hypertension. We suggest an echocardiogram evaluation for all individuals with chronic hypertension. Key Points The first-line test for cardiac evaluation is an electrocardiogram. In our cohort, the rate of left ventricular hypertrophy was 35%. The electrocardiogram was not sensitive to detect left ventricular hypertrophy.
Ischemic-Modified Albumin in Neonates with Congenital Heart Defects; Objectives Ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) is a new biochemical marker of ischemia. We aimed to search blood IMA levels in neonates with congenital heart defects. Study Design During the study period, patients diagnosed with congenital heart disease and newborns with a diagnosis of hyperbilirubinemia as a control group were included in the study. IMA level was analyzed using the IMA absorbance unit (ABSU) method. Results In total, 57 newborns with congenital heart disease requiring cardiac operation for the study group and 38 newborns for the control group were included. There was no difference between the two groups in terms of gender, mode of delivery, and weeks of gestation. The average IMA values in the control group were 0.19 ± 0.09 ABSU. The prepostoperative mean IMA values of the patient group were 0.22 ± 0.07 and 0.23 ± 0.07 ABSU, respectively. Comparison of the postoperative IMA with the mean of the control group was statistically significant. Preoperative and postoperative IMA values of patients who have died due to primary heart disease and surgical complications were 0.21 ± 0.07 (0.08-0.32) ABSU and 0.25 ± 0.06 (0.12-0.36) ABSU, respectively. IMA levels were not statistically different between the two groups. Conclusion Hypoxia and ischemia in congenital heart disease in the newborn period both preoperatively and postoperatively were important in prognosis. IMA was higher in the postoperative group. Many comprehensive studies are important in terms of preventing complications and decreasing mortality and morbidity by commenting on prognosis. Key Points IMA is a new biochemical marker of ischemia. In the literature, there are no reports about the relation between congenital heart defects and IM. The exposure of CHD patients to hypoxia/asphyxia in the preintra and postoperative periods cause neurologic deficits.
ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) caused by spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) in a patient with von Willebrand disease; A postpartum woman in her early 40s, with a history of pre-eclampsia and von Willebrand disease (VWD), presented to the emergency room with chest pain suggestive of an acute coronary syndrome. Initial workup revealed an evolving anterior wall ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction on ECG and elevated cardiac biomarkers, confirming myocardial damage. Point-of-care ultrasound showed apical hypokinesis and coronary angiography revealed a distal dissection of the left anterior descending coronary artery. There was TIMI 3 flow and no evidence of plaque rupture. No percutaneous coronary intervention was performed and the patient was managed conservatively. Fibromuscular dysplasia was ruled out on screening CT angiography. Dual antiplatelet therapy was initiated for an amended course of 3 months given the history of VWD. Our patient had an uncomplicated course in the hospital with a downward trend in their cardiac biomarkers, resolving anterior ST elevation on serial ECGs, and no bleeding complications.
Sodium-glucose co-transporter protein 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors for people with chronic kidney disease and diabetes; Background: Diabetes is associated with high risks of premature chronic kidney disease (CKD), cardiovascular diseases, cardiovascular death and impaired quality of life. People with diabetes are more likely to develop kidney impairment, and approximately one in three adults with diabetes have CKD. People with CKD and diabetes experience a substantially higher risk of cardiovascular outcomes. Sodium-glucose co-transporter protein 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors have shown potential effects in preventing kidney and cardiovascular outcomes in people with CKD and diabetes. However, new trials are emerging rapidly, and evidence synthesis is essential to summarising cumulative evidence. Objectives: This review aimed to assess the benefits and harms of SGLT2 inhibitors for people with CKD and diabetes. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Kidney and Transplant Register of Studies up to 17 November 2023 using a search strategy designed by an Information Specialist. Studies in the Register are continually identified through regular searches of CENTRAL, MEDLINE, and EMBASE, conference proceedings, the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled studies were eligible if they evaluated SGLT2 inhibitors versus placebo, standard care or other glucose-lowering agents in people with CKD and diabetes. CKD includes all stages (from 1 to 5), including dialysis patients. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently extracted data and assessed the study risk of bias. Treatment estimates were summarised using random effects meta-analysis and expressed as a risk ratio (RR) or mean difference (MD), with a corresponding 95% confidence interval (CI). Confidence in the evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. The primary review outcomes were all-cause death, 3-point and 4-point major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), fatal or nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI), fatal or nonfatal stroke, and kidney failure. Main results: Fifty-three studies randomising 65,241 people with CKD and diabetes were included. SGLT2 inhibitors with or without other background treatments were compared to placebo, standard care, sulfonylurea, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors, or insulin. In the majority of domains, the risks of bias in the included studies were low or unclear. No studies evaluated the treatment in children or in people treated with dialysis. No studies compared SGLT2 inhibitors with glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists or tirzepatide. Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors decreased the risk of all-cause death (20 studies, 44,397 participants: RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.78 to 0.94; I2 = 0%; high certainty) and cardiovascular death (16 studies, 43,792 participants: RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.74 to 0.93; I2 = 29%; high certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors probably make little or no difference to the risk of fatal or nonfatal MI (2 studies, 13,726 participants: RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.14; I2 = 24%; moderate certainty), and fatal or nonfatal stroke (2 studies, 13,726 participants: RR 1.07, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.30; I2 = 0%; moderate certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors probably decrease 3-point MACE (7 studies, 38,320 participants: RR 0.89, 95% CI 0.81 to 0.98; I2 = 46%; moderate certainty), and 4-point MACE (4 studies, 23,539 participants: RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.70 to 0.96; I2 = 77%; moderate certainty), and decrease hospital admission due to heart failure (6 studies, 28,339 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.79; I2 = 17%; high certainty). Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors may decrease creatinine clearance (1 study, 132 participants: MD -2.63 mL/min, 95% CI -5.19 to -0.07; low certainty) and probably decrease the doubling of serum creatinine (2 studies, 12,647 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.56 to 0.89; I2 = 53%; moderate certainty). SGLT2 inhibitors decrease the risk of kidney failure (6 studies, 11,232 participants: RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.79; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and kidney composite outcomes (generally reported as kidney failure, kidney death with or without ≥ 40% decrease in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR)) (7 studies, 36,380 participants: RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.59 to 0.78; I2 = 25%; high certainty) compared to placebo. Compared to placebo, SGLT2 inhibitors incur less hypoglycaemia (16 studies, 28,322 participants: RR 0.93, 95% CI 0.89 to 0.98; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and hypoglycaemia requiring third-party assistance (14 studies, 26,478 participants: RR 0.75, 95% CI 0.65 to 0.88; I2 = 0%; high certainty), and probably decrease the withdrawal from treatment due to adverse events (15 studies, 16,622 participants: RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.08; I2 = 16%; moderate certainty). The effects of SGLT2 inhibitors on eGFR, amputation and fracture were uncertain. No studies evaluated the effects of treatment on fatigue, life participation, or lactic acidosis. The effects of SGLT2 inhibitors compared to standard care alone, sulfonylurea, DPP-4 inhibitors, or insulin were uncertain. Authors' conclusions: SGLT2 inhibitors alone or added to standard care decrease all-cause death, cardiovascular death, and kidney failure and probably decrease major cardiovascular events while incurring less hypoglycaemia compared to placebo in people with CKD and diabetes.
Association of Prostaglandin Use for Cervical Ripening with Mode of Delivery in Small for Gestational Age versus Non-Small for Gestational Age Neonates; Objective Prostaglandins (PGs) use for cervical ripening with small for gestational age (SGA) fetuses is controversial since it remains uncertain if use increases the chance of cesarean delivery (CD). We aimed to assess the association between PG use for cervical ripening and mode of delivery between SGA and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) neonates. Study Design Secondary analysis of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be (nuMoM2b), a prospective observational cohort study of 10,038 nulliparas. We included women undergoing induction with nonanomalous fetuses in the cephalic presentation. Women with >2 cm cervical dilation or prior uterine scar were excluded. We assessed the association of PG use with CD among women with SGA and AGA neonates. SGA was defined as birth weight <10th percentile for gestational age and sex. Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for potential confounders and test for interaction. Secondary outcomes included adverse neonatal outcomes, indication for CD, maternal hemorrhage, and chorioamnionitis. Results Among 2,353 women eligible, PGs were used in 54.8%, SGA occurred in 15.1%, and 35.0% had CD. The association between PG use and CD differed significantly (interaction p = 0.018) for SGA versus AGA neonates; CD occurred more often in SGA neonates exposed to PGs than not (35 vs. 22%, p = 0.009). PG use was not associated with CD among AGA neonates (36 vs. 36%, p = 0.8). This effect remained significant when adjusting for body mass index, race/ethnicity, and cervical dilation. Among SGA neonates, CD for nonreassuring fetal status was similar between PG groups. Among SGA neonates, PG use was not associated with adverse neonatal outcomes or postpartum hemorrhage but had a higher rate of chorioamnionitis (7.0 vs. 2.1%, p = 0.048). Conclusion PG use was associated with a higher rate of CD in SGA but not AGA neonates; however, further studies are needed before PG use is discouraged with SGA neonates. Key Points PGs are commonly used for cervical ripening. PG use was associated with increased risk of cesarean delivery in SGA neonates. PG use was not associated with adverse neonatal outcomes.
Early Gestational Diabetes Screening Based on ACOG Guidelines; Objective A recent randomized controlled trial suggested that early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening in patients with obesity (body mass index [BMI] ≥30 kg/m 2) does not improve perinatal outcomes. The American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes in patients who are overweight with one or more additional risk factors. We evaluated the effect of screening based on the number of additional risk factors for development of gestational diabetes. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of a multicenter randomized controlled trial of obese patients with singleton nonanomalous fetuses comparing early (14-20 weeks' gestation) with routine (24-28 weeks' gestation) GDM screening. Exclusion criteria were pregestational diabetes, major medical illnesses, bariatric surgery, chronic steroid use, and prior cesarean. Early versus routine GDM screening groups were compared and stratified by the number of additional risk factors for GDM (0, 1, 2, and ≥3). The primary outcome was an adverse perinatal composite outcome composed of: macrosomia, primary cesarean delivery, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and neonatal hypoglycemia. Analyses examined effects of early versus routine screening by the number of additional risk factors and their possible interaction on the incidences of the primary outcome and GDM. Results Of 913 patients, 5% had 0, 52% had 1, 33% had 2, and 10% had ≥3 additional risk factors. Baseline characteristics, including the number and type of risk factors, were similar between early and routine screening groups. Breslow-Day test for interaction between early versus routine screening and the number of additional risk factors was not significant for either the primary outcome (p = 0.37) or the diagnosis of GDM (p = 0.28). The incidence of GDM and the adverse perinatal composite outcome increased as the number of risk factors increased (p < 0.001). Conclusion In patients with BMI ≥30 kg/m 2 and additional risk factors, early GDM screening does not prevent adverse outcomes. Key Points The ACOG currently recommends early screening for gestational diabetes if patients have risk factors. Even in patients with multiple risk factors, early screening for GDM does not improve outcomes. Patients with three or more risk factors may have worse outcomes if they undergo early screening.
An Electronic Medical Record Intervention to Increase Early Screening Rates for Gestational Diabetes; Objectives Our objective was to implement an electronic medical record reminder to perform the early gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) screening test and to evaluate if this intervention increased screening rates. Study Design We performed a retrospective chart review of all deliveries at Mount Sinai West in January 2020 to determine the number of patients that met criteria for and actually underwent early GDM screening. A total of 314 patients had complete charts with pregnancy data. The following American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG)-defined risk factors were collected: body mass index greater than 25 (Asians greater than 23), history of GDM, history of macrosomia, hypertension (systolic >140 or diastolic >90), polycystic ovarian syndrome, hemoglobin A1c above 5.7, cardiovascular disease, and family history of diabetes. We used this data to advocate for and design an electronic medical record-based intervention to remind obstetric providers to complete the early glucose challenge test screening for eligible patients at the first prenatal visit. Results Our investigation confirms there is a low adherence rate of 12% at our facility to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines (12 out of 97 patients). Furthermore, nearly one-fifth (16 out of 85) of eligible patients who did not receive screening were eventually diagnosed with GDM by screening at 24 to 28 weeks. After implementing an electronic medical record reminder at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates more than doubled to 28% (33 out of 115 eligible patients). The most common diabetic risk factors were high-risk ethnic background, current hypertension, family history of diabetes, history of polycystic ovarian syndrome, and body mass index of 40 or greater. Conclusion Our data suggests that obstetricians could be missing an opportunity to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes by diagnosing GDM earlier in pregnancy, as recommended by ACOG. The adoption of an electronic medical record reminder seems to improve the rate of indicated early GDM screening. Key Points There is a low adherence rate of 16% to ACOG's updated early GDM screening guidelines. After implementing an electronic medical record alert at the initial prenatal visit, screening rates nearly doubled. Screening rates were higher at prenatal practices with resident physician involvement in patient care.
Severe Maternal Morbidity among Low-Income Patients with Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Objective Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) contribute significantly to the development of severe maternal morbidities (SMM), particularly among low-income women. The purpose of the study was to explore the relationship between maternal characteristics and SMM, and to investigate if differences in SMM exist among patients with HDP diagnosis. Study Design This study utilized 2017 Alabama Medicaid administrative claims. SMM diagnoses were captured using the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's classification by International Classification of Diseases codes. Maternal characteristics and frequencies were compared using Chi-square and Cramer's V statistics. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to examine multivariable relationships between maternal characteristics and SMM among patients with HDP diagnosis. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to estimate risk. Results A higher proportion of patients experiencing SMM were >34 years old, Black, Medicaid for Low-Income Families eligible, lived in a county with greater Medicaid enrollment, and entered prenatal care (PNC) in the first trimester compared with those without SMM. Almost half of patients (46.2%) with SMM had a HDP diagnosis. After controlling for maternal characteristics, HDP, maternal age, county Medicaid enrollment, and trimester PNC entry were not associated with SMM risk. However, Black patients with HDP were at increased risk for SMM compared with White patients with HDP when other factors were taken into account (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.37, 95% CI: 1.11-1.69). Patients with HDP and SMM were more likely to have a prenatal hospitalization (aOR = 1.45, 95% CI: 1.20-1.76), emergency visit (aOR = 1.30, 95% CI: 1.07-1.57), and postpartum cardiovascular prescription (aOR = 2.43, 95% CI: 1.95-3.04). Conclusion Rates of SMM differed by age, race, Medicaid income eligibility, and county Medicaid enrollment but were highest among patients with clinical comorbidities, especially HDP. However, among patients with HDP, Black patients had an elevated risk of severe morbidity even after controlling for other characteristics. Key Points Patients with SMM were more likely to have a HDP diagnosis. Among those with HDP, Black patients had elevated risk of SMM. Differences in care delivery did not explain SMM disparities.
Cord Blood Cell-Free DNA Concentration: A Novel Marker for Neonatal Wellbeing; Objective Cord gas values and Apgar scores, currently used as markers for newborn wellbeing and postpartum complications, provide rough estimates, and their use remains elusive. Circulating cell-free DNA (cfDNA) may better represent newborn status at birth and the effect of parturition on the fetus. This pilot study investigates the association between cord blood (CB) cfDNA and neonatal outcomes. Study Design In a prospective cohort study, cfDNA concentration was measured in immediately following delivery collected CB sera of newborns using our rapid fluorescent assay. Results During the study period, blood samples from umbilical cords of 100 newborns were collected. Vaginal delivery was associated with a higher median CB cfDNA than cesarean delivery (277 [95% confidence interval [CI] 199-377] vs. 100 [95% CI 43-265] ng/mL, p < 0.01). cfDNA levels were significantly associated with gestational age at delivery (rho = 0.308, p = 0.002) and CB base deficit (BD, r = 0.252, p = 0.017). According to maternal and fetal complications, CB cfDNA was elevated in fetuses with category II of heart rate tracing (p < 0.05), with maternal positive vaginal culture (p < 0.01), and with premature rupture of membranes (PROM, p < 0.001). Logistic regression models of CB cfDNA fourth quartiles demostrate a double odds ratio for elevated BD (>3mmol/L) and for worse heart rate tracing category. Conclusion Serum CB cfDNA concentration reflects the newborn's status and hazards with an excellent association with CB BD, fetal heart rate category, and maternal risk factors for infection (positive vaginal culture and PROM). This preliminary observation suggests that cfDNA can serve as a point of care biomarker for newborn status at the time of delivery. Key Points CB cfDNA levels correlated with newborn's BD. CB cfDNA levels reflect parturition stress and inflammation. cfDNA serve as a diagnostic and prediction tool for the identification of newborns at risk for morbidity.
Global status and trends of metabolomics in diabetes: A literature visualization knowledge graph study; BACKGROUND Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia, which has increased the global medical burden and is also the main cause of death in most countries. AIM To understand the knowledge structure of global development status, research focus, and future trend of the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the past 20 years. METHODS The articles about the relationship between diabetes and metabolomics in the Web of Science Core Collection were retrieved from 2002 to October 23, 2023, and the relevant information was analyzed using CiteSpace6.2.2R (CiteSpace), VOSviewer6.1.18 (VOSviewer), and Bibliometrix software under R language. RESULTS A total of 3123 publications were included from 2002 to 2022. In the past two decades, the number of publications and citations in this field has continued to increase. The United States, China, Germany, the United Kingdom, and other relevant funds, institutions, and authors have significantly contributed to this field. Scientific Reports and PLoS One are the journals with the most publications and the most citations. Through keyword co-occurrence and cluster analysis, the closely related keywords are "insulin resistance", "risk", "obesity", "oxidative stress", "metabolomics", "metabolites"and "biomarkers". Keyword clustering included cardiovascular disease, gut microbiota, metabonomics, diabetic nephropathy, molecular docking, gestational diabetes mellitus, oxidative stress, and insulin resistance. Burst detection analysis of keyword depicted that "Gene", "microbiota", "validation", "kidney disease", "antioxidant activity", "untargeted metabolomics", "management", and "accumulation"are knowledge frontiers in recent years. CONCLUSION The relationship between metabolomics and diabetes is receiving extensive attention. Diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, and kidney disease are key diseases for future research in this field. Gut microbiota, molecular docking, and untargeted metabolomics are key research directions in the future. Antioxidant activity, gene, validation, mass spectrometry, management, and accumulation are at the forefront of knowledge frontiers in this field.
Foxp1 suppresses cortical angiogenesis and attenuates HIF-1alpha signaling to promote neural progenitor cell maintenance; Neural progenitor cells within the cerebral cortex undergo a characteristic switch between symmetric self-renewing cell divisions early in development and asymmetric neurogenic divisions later. Yet, the mechanisms controlling this transition remain unclear. Previous work has shown that early but not late neural progenitor cells (NPCs) endogenously express the autism-linked transcription factor Foxp1, and both loss and gain of Foxp1 function can alter NPC activity and fate choices. Here, we show that premature loss of Foxp1 upregulates transcriptional programs regulating angiogenesis, glycolysis, and cellular responses to hypoxia. These changes coincide with a premature destabilization of HIF-1α, an elevation in HIF-1α target genes, including Vegfa in NPCs, and precocious vascular network development. In vitro experiments demonstrate that stabilization of HIF-1α in Foxp1-deficient NPCs rescues the premature differentiation phenotype and restores NPC maintenance. Our data indicate that the endogenous decline in Foxp1 expression activates the HIF-1α transcriptional program leading to changes in the tissue environment adjacent to NPCs, which, in turn, might alter their self-renewal and neurogenic capacities.
New Roles for Albumin/Globulin Ratio in the Early-Onset Hyperbilirubinemia among Infants Born Weighing 1,000 to 2,499 Grams; Introduction: Early-onset hyperbilirubinemia (EOH) is a clinical issue for premature infants. We predicted that EOH management would be improved by fast results from common laboratory tests. Total serum bilirubin (TSB) level and the albumin/globulin ratio may contribute to improving the management of EOH. Objective: The aim of the study is to examine the relationship between EOH and perinatal variables among infants born weighing 1,000 to 2,499 g. Study Designs: A single center study was undertaken at Ohta Nishinouchi Hospital between April 1, 2016 and January 31, 2022, using blood samples prospectively collected from infants admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit that were assessed by univariate analyses and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Due to a correlation between gestational age (GA) and birth weight (BW), each variable was entered separately into Model 1 (including GA) and 2 (including BW). Results: A total of 508 infants were analyzed (270 in the non EOH group and 238 in the EOH group). No infants experienced feto-maternal transfusion syndrome or hemolytic diseases such as blood type (ABO or Rh) incompatibility or glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency during perinatal period. Significant relationships were observed between EOH and BW (p <0.01, odds ratio [OR], 0.997; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.996-0.997), albumin (p <0.01, OR, 0.278; 95% CI, 0.129-0.599), albumin/globulin ratio (p <0.01, OR, 2.695; 95% CI, 1.378-5.270), TSB (p <0.01, OR, 2.774; 95% CI, 1.795-4.287), and antenatal corticoid therapy (p = 0.02, OR, 1.852; 95% CI, 1.108-3.097) in Model 2. Per receiver operating characteristic curves, an albumin/globulin ratio of 1.84 could predict EOH at a sensitivity of 50.0% and specificity of 75.6% (AUC = 0.652, p <0.01, 95% CI, 0.603-0.700). Conclusion: Albumin/globulin ratio among infants born weighing 1,000 to 2,499 g may be a useful indicator of EOH.
Maternal Diabetes and Intrapartum Fetal Electrocardiogram; Objective Fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) ST changes are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Our objective was to evaluate ST changes by maternal diabetic status and stage of labor. Methods ?This was a secondary analysis of a multicentered randomized-controlled trial in which laboring patients with singleton gestations underwent fetal ECG scalp electrode placement and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST-segment readings. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes by the stage of labor. ECG tracings were categorized into mutually exclusive groups (ST depression, ST elevation without ST depression, or no ST changes). We compared participants with DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and no DM. Results ?Of the 5,436 eligible individuals in the first stage of labor (95 with pregestational DM and 370 with GDM), 4,427 progressed to the second stage. ST depression occurred more frequently in the first stage of labor in participants with pregestational DM (15%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.14-4.24) and with GDM (9.5%, aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.02-2.25) as compared with participants without DM (5.7%). The frequency of ST elevation was similar in participants with pregestational DM (33%, aOR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48-1.30) and GDM (33.2%, aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.71-1.17) as compared with those without DM (34.2%). In the second stage, ST depression did not occur in participants with pregestational DM (0%) and occurred more frequently in participants with GDM (3.5%, aOR 2.01, 95% CI 1.02-3.98) as compared with those without DM (2.0%). ST elevation occurred more frequently in participants with pregestational DM (30%, aOR 1.81, 95% CI 1.02-3.22) but not with GDM (19.0%, aOR 1.06, 95% CI 0.77-1.47) as compared with those without DM (17.8%). Conclusion ?ST changes in fetal ECG occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers during labor. ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01131260. Precis: ?ST changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic parturients. Key Points Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction occur frequently among fetuses of diabetic patients. Fetal ECG changes such as ST elevation and depression reflect cardiac hypoxia. Fetuses of diabetic patients demonstrate a higher prevalence of fetal ECG tracings with ST changes.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk: A negative control Mendelian randomization study; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are predictive for future cardiovascular disease risk, but it is unclear whether they play a causal role. We conducted a Mendelian randomization study with males as a negative control population to estimate the associations between genetic liability to adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of coronary artery disease. Methods: We extracted uncorrelated (R2<0.01) single-nucleotide polymorphisms strongly associated (p-value<5e-8) with miscarriage, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preeclampsia, placental abruption, poor fetal growth and preterm birth from relevant genome-wide association studies. Genetic associations with risk of coronary artery disease were extracted separately for females and males. The main analysis was the inverse-variance weighted analysis, while MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regression, bidirectional analyses, and the negative control population with males were sensitivity analyses to evaluate bias due to genetic pleiotropy. Results: The number of cases for the adverse pregnancy outcomes ranged from 691 (182,824 controls) for placental abruption to 49,996 (174,109 controls) for miscarriage, and there were 22,997 (310,499 controls) and 54,083 (240,453 controls) cases of coronary artery disease for females and males, respectively. We observed an association between genetic liability to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preeclampsia, and to some extent gestational diabetes, poor fetal growth and preterm birth, with an increased risk of coronary artery disease among females, which was supported by the MR Egger, weighted median and weighted mode regressions. However, in the negative control population of males, we observed largely the same associations as for females. Conclusions: The associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease risk were likely driven by confounding (e.g., shared genetic liability). Thus, our study does not support the hypothesis that adverse pregnancy outcomes are causal risk factors for cardiovascular diseases.
Magnesium sulphate for women at risk of preterm birth for neuroprotection of the fetus; Background: Magnesium sulphate is a common therapy in perinatal care. Its benefits when given to women at risk of preterm birth for fetal neuroprotection (prevention of cerebral palsy for children) were shown in a 2009 Cochrane review. Internationally, use of magnesium sulphate for preterm cerebral palsy prevention is now recommended practice. As new randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and longer-term follow-up of prior RCTs have since been conducted, this review updates the previously published version. Objectives: To assess the effectiveness and safety of magnesium sulphate as a fetal neuroprotective agent when given to women considered to be at risk of preterm birth. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) on 17 March 2023, as well as reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: We included RCTs and cluster-RCTs of women at risk of preterm birth that assessed prenatal magnesium sulphate for fetal neuroprotection compared with placebo or no treatment. All methods of administration (intravenous, intramuscular, and oral) were eligible. We did not include studies where magnesium sulphate was used with the primary aim of preterm labour tocolysis, or the prevention and/or treatment of eclampsia. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed RCTs for inclusion, extracted data, and assessed risk of bias and trustworthiness. Dichotomous data were presented as summary risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI), and continuous data were presented as mean differences with 95% CI. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included six RCTs (5917 women and their 6759 fetuses alive at randomisation). All RCTs were conducted in high-income countries. The RCTs compared magnesium sulphate with placebo in women at risk of preterm birth at less than 34 weeks' gestation; however, treatment regimens and inclusion/exclusion criteria varied. Though the RCTs were at an overall low risk of bias, the certainty of evidence ranged from high to very low, due to concerns regarding study limitations, imprecision, and inconsistency. Primary outcomes for infants/children: Up to two years’ corrected age, magnesium sulphate compared with placebo reduced cerebral palsy (RR 0.71, 95% CI 0.57 to 0.89; 6 RCTs, 6107 children; number needed to treat for additional beneficial outcome (NNTB) 60, 95% CI 41 to 158) and death or cerebral palsy (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.77 to 0.98; 6 RCTs, 6481 children; NNTB 56, 95% CI 32 to 363) (both high-certainty evidence). Magnesium sulphate probably resulted in little to no difference in death (fetal, neonatal, or later) (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.82 to 1.13; 6 RCTs, 6759 children); major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 1.09, 95% CI 0.83 to 1.44; 1 RCT, 987 children); or death or major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.07; 3 RCTs, 4279 children) (all moderate-certainty evidence). At early school age, magnesium sulphate may have resulted in little to no difference in death (fetal, neonatal, or later) (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.66 to 1.02; 2 RCTs, 1758 children); cerebral palsy (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.69 to 1.41; 2 RCTs, 1038 children); death or cerebral palsy (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.67 to 1.20; 1 RCT, 503 children); and death or major neurodevelopmental disability (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.59 to 1.12; 1 RCT, 503 children) (all low-certainty evidence). Magnesium sulphate may also have resulted in little to no difference in major neurodevelopmental disability, but the evidence is very uncertain (average RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.62; 2 RCTs, 940 children; very low-certainty evidence). Secondary outcomes for infants/children: Magnesium sulphate probably reduced severe intraventricular haemorrhage (grade 3 or 4) (RR 0.76, 95% CI 0.60 to 0.98; 5 RCTs, 5885 infants; NNTB 92, 95% CI 55 to 1102; moderate-certainty evidence) and may have resulted in little to no difference in chronic lung disease/bronchopulmonary dysplasia (average RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.10; 5 RCTs, 6689 infants; low-certainty evidence). Primary outcomes for women: Magnesium sulphate may have resulted in little or no difference in severe maternal outcomes potentially related to treatment (death, cardiac arrest, respiratory arrest) (RR 0.32, 95% CI 0.01 to 7.92; 4 RCTs, 5300 women; low-certainty evidence). However, magnesium sulphate probably increased maternal adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment (average RR 3.21, 95% CI 1.88 to 5.48; 3 RCTs, 4736 women; moderate-certainty evidence). Secondary outcomes for women: Magnesium sulphate probably resulted in little to no difference in caesarean section (RR 0.96, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.02; 5 RCTs, 5861 women) and postpartum haemorrhage (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.09; 2 RCTs, 2495 women) (both moderate-certainty evidence). Breastfeeding at hospital discharge and women’s views of treatment were not reported. Authors' conclusions: The currently available evidence indicates that magnesium sulphate for women at risk of preterm birth for neuroprotection of the fetus, compared with placebo, reduces cerebral palsy, and death or cerebral palsy, in children up to two years' corrected age, and probably reduces severe intraventricular haemorrhage for infants. Magnesium sulphate may result in little to no difference in outcomes in children at school age. While magnesium sulphate may result in little to no difference in severe maternal outcomes (death, cardiac arrest, respiratory arrest), it probably increases maternal adverse effects severe enough to stop treatment. Further research is needed on the longer-term benefits and harms for children, into adolescence and adulthood. Additional studies to determine variation in effects by characteristics of women treated and magnesium sulphate regimens used, along with the generalisability of findings to low- and middle-income countries, should be considered.
Does gestational diabetes mellitus increase the risk of cardiovascular disease? A Mendelian randomization study; Purpose: In recent years, epidemiological studies have revealed the relationship between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). In this study, we utilized Mendelian randomization (MR) to investigate the potential causal impact of GDM on cardiovascular disease for the first time. Methods: We retrieved summary statistics from published genome-wide association studies. MR was first performed using significant SNPs extracted from the eighth data release of the FinnGen study. Next, a replication analysis for coronary artery disease (CAD) was conducted in another European ancestry population to validate our findings. Finally, mediation analysis was carried out to assess potential mediation effects. Results: Our data analysis revealed that genetically predicted GDM was significantly associated with increased CAD risk (OR 1.10, 95% CI 1.02–1.18, p 0.006). Replication analysis confirmed a significant genetic association between GDM and CAD (OR 1.07, 95% CI 1.02–1.12, p 0.003) in another European ancestry population. Mediation analysis indicated no significant mediation effect by type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on the GDM–CAD relationship (mediation effect β [95% CI]: 0.005 [−0.003, −0.017]). Conclusion: Women with a prior history of GDM face an elevated risk of future CAD. This increased risk of CAD cannot be solely attributed to the subsequent onset of diabetes. Regular CAD risk assessment and primary prevention strategies are of paramount importance for women with a history of GDM.
Maternal cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy in obese pregnant women; Introduction: Obesity is known to be associated with cardiovascular compromise and a major risk factor for the development of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. However, little is known about the effect of obesity on maternal cardiac function. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of obesity on the maternal cardiovascular system. Material and methods: This was a prospective, observational, longitudinal study. Pregnant women with booking body mass index (BMI) ≥30 kg/m2 were compared with pregnant women with normal booking BMI 20–24.9 kg/m2. Participants were seen at three time points during pregnancy; 12–14, 20–24 and 30–32 weeks. At all visits, maternal blood pressure (BP) was measured, and cardiac geometry and function were assessed using two-dimensional trans-thoracic echocardiography. Multilevel linear mixed-effects models were used for all the comparisons. Results: Fifty-nine pregnant women with obesity were compared with 14 pregnant women with normal BMI. In women with obesity, the maternal BP, heart rate and cardiac output were higher and peripheral vascular resistance was lower (p < 0.01 for all comparisons) compared with normal BMI women. Women with obesity had altered cardiac geometry with higher left ventricular end diastolic diameter, intraventricular septal thickness, posterior wall diameter, relative wall thickness and left ventricular mass (p < 0.001 for all comparisons). There was also evidence of impaired diastolic indices in the obese group with a lower E/A ratio, tissue Doppler imaging E′ lateral and medial and higher left atrial volume (p < 0.01 for all comparisons). Finally, women with obesity had reduced longitudinal function, as assessed by mitral plane annular systolic excursion, between the second and third trimester of pregnancy, indicating possible early cardiac dysfunction in this group. Conclusions: Obesity is associated with maternal hyperdynamic circulation, altered cardiac geometry and suboptimal diastolic function, compared with normal BMI pregnant women, and these factors may contribute to the increased risk of complications in obese pregnant women.
Socio-economic disadvantage and utilisation of labour epidural analgesia in Scotland: a population-based study†; Socio-economic deprivation is associated with adverse maternal and childhood outcomes. Epidural analgesia, the gold standard for labour analgesia, may improve maternal well-being. We assessed the association of socio-economic status with utilisation of epidural analgesia and whether this differed when epidural analgesia was advisable for maternal safety. This was a population-based study of NHS data for all women in labour in Scotland between 1 January 2007 and 23 October 2020, excluding elective caesarean sections. Socio-economic status deciles were defined using the Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation. Medical conditions for which epidural analgesia is advisable for maternal safety (medical indications) and contraindications were defined according to national guidelines. Of 593,230 patients in labour, 131,521 (22.2%) received epidural analgesia. Those from the most deprived areas were 16% less likely to receive epidural analgesia than the most affluent (relative risk 0.84 [95%CI 0.82–0.85]), with the inter-decile mean change in receiving epidural analgesia estimated at -2% ([95%CI -2.2% to -1.7%]). Among the 21,219 deliveries with a documented medical indication for epidural analgesia, the socio-economic gradient persisted (relative risk 0.79 [95%CI 0.75–0.84], inter-decile mean change in receiving epidural analgesia -2.5% [95%CI -3.1% to -2.0%]). Women in the most deprived areas with a medical indication for epidural analgesia were still less likely (absolute risk 0.23 [95%CI 0.22–0.24]) to receive epidural analgesia than women from the most advantaged decile without a medical indication (absolute risk 0.25 [95%CI 0.24–0.25]). Socio-economic deprivation is associated with lower utilisation of epidural analgesia, even when epidural analgesia is advisable for maternal safety. Ensuring equitable access to an intervention that alleviates pain and potentially reduces adverse outcomes is crucial.
Ethnicity, socio-economic deprivation and postpartum outcomes following caesarean delivery: a multicentre cohort study; Disparities relating to postpartum recovery outcomes in different socio-economic and racial ethnic groups are underexplored. We conducted a planned analysis of a large prospective caesarean delivery cohort to explore the relationship between ethnicity, socio-economic status and postpartum recovery. Eligible patients were enrolled and baseline demographic, obstetric and medical history data were collected 18 h and 30 h following delivery. Patients completed postpartum quality of life and recovery measures in person on day 1 (EuroQoL EQ-5D-5L, including global health visual analogue scale; Obstetric Quality of Recovery-10 item score; and pain scores) and by telephone between day 28 and day 32 postpartum (EQ-5D-5L and pain scores). Socio-economic group was determined according to the Index of Multiple Deprivation quintile of each patient's usual place of residence. Data from 1000 patients who underwent caesarean delivery were included. There were more patients of Asian, Black and mixed ethnicity in the more deprived quintiles. Patients of White ethnicities had shorter postpartum duration of hospital stay compared with patients of Asian and Black ethnicities (35 (28–56 [18–513]) h vs. 44 (31–71 [19–465]) h vs. 49 (33–75 [23–189]) h, respectively. In adjusted models at day 30, patients of Asian ethnicity had a significantly greater risk of moderate to severe pain (numerical rating scale ≥ 4) at rest and on movement (odds ratio (95%CI) 2.42 (1.24–4.74) and 2.32 (1.40–3.87)), respectively). There were no differences in readmission rates or incidence of complications between groups. Patients from White ethnic backgrounds experience shorter postpartum duration of stay compared with patients from Asian and Black ethnic groups. Ethnic background impacts pain scores and recovery at day 1 postpartum and following hospital discharge, even after adjusting for socio-economic group. Further work is required to understand the underlying factors driving differences in pain and recovery and to develop strategies to reduce disparities in obstetric patients.
Association of carotid atherosclerosis markers with all-cause and cardiovascular disease–specific mortality in persons with type 2 diabetes: a causal mediation analysis with glucose variation; Aims: Glucose variation (GV) is independently associated with mortality in patients with diabetes. However, no study has examined the effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers on mortality after considering GV. Our purpose is to investigate the independent effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers in persons with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after considering GV and the mediation effects of carotid atherosclerosis markers on associations between GV with cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Materials and methods: This study is a retrospective cohort study including 3628 persons with T2DM who were admitted to a medical center between January 01, 2001 and October 31, 2021. GV was defined as a coefficient of variation (CV) of repeated measurements within a year before the index date (date of first IMT assessment). Carotid atherosclerosis markers included intima–media thickness (IMT), plaque, and stenosis. The outcomes consisted of all-cause and expanded cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality. Cox proportional hazards models were applied. Results: Among the participants, 286 (7.9%) had IMT ≥ 2 mm, 2834 (78.1%) had carotid plaque, and 464 (12.8%) had carotid stenosis ≥ 50%. When GV was considered, IMT, carotid plaque, and carotid stenosis were significant factors for all-cause mortality (except IMT considering HbA1c-CV) and expanded CVD mortality. IMT was a significant mediator in the associations of fasting plasma glucose (FPG)-CV with all-cause and expanded CVD mortality (2 and 3.19%, respectively), and carotid stenosis was a significant mediator in the association between FPG-CV and expanded CVD mortality (3.83%). Conclusions: Our statistical evaluations show suggests that carotid atherosclerosis markers are important predictors of CVD mortality in persons with T2DM if GV is considered. In addition, IMT and carotid stenosis were significant mediators in the association between GV and mortality.
Associations of salivary aldosterone levels during pregnancy with maternal blood pressure and birth weight-for-gestational age in a Mexico City birth cohort; Objective: To determine associations of maternal salivary aldosterone with blood pressure (BP) in pregnancy and infant birth weight-for-gestational age (BWGA). Methods: We measured maternal salivary aldosterone, BP and BWGA z-scores in 471 Mexico City pregnancy cohort participants and performed multivariable linear regression of BP and BWGA on log-aldosterone levels. Results: Log-aldosterone was positively associated with diastolic BP (β = 0.12 95% CI: 0.04, 0.21). There were no main effects of log-aldosterone on BWGA. However, we detected an interaction between log-aldosterone and BP in association with BWGA; higher log-aldosterone was associated with lower BWGA in the lowest (β = −0.12, 95% CI: -0.26, 0.02) and highest (β = −0.12, 95% CI: −0.29, 0.06) BP tertiles. In contrast, in the middle BP tertile the association was positive (β = 0.09, 95% CI: −0.02, 0.20), p for interaction = 0.03. Conclusion: Higher maternal salivary aldosterone is positively associated with diastolic BP and may affect fetal growth differently depending on concurrent maternal blood pressure.
The Impact of Parent-Based Support Programs on Neurodevelopmental Prognosis: Second-Year Results from a Newly Established Neurodevelopmental Follow-Up Unit in a Tertiary Hospital; Objective: This study aims to assess the neurodevelopmental progress of high-risk infants 2 years post implementation of the Neurodevelopmental Follow-Up Unit (NFU) program at our hospital and explore implementation challenges for insights. Materials and Methods: Infants were assessed using the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination (HINE), The Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS), and Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development, Third Edition (BSID-III). A multidisciplinary team provided comprehensive parent education covering neurologic cues, postural advice, and developmental instructions in accordance with the children’s assessment findings. In addition, a pediatric physical therapist provided motor development training emphasizing age-appropriate milestones and functional independence, while child development specialists addressed delays identified through BSID-III assessments. Results: A total of 121 high-risk babies were enrolled during a 2-year period. Results revealed that 9 infants exhibited suboptimal HINE scores at 3-4 months, with only 2 maintaining suboptimal scores at 12-15 months. Similarly, 2 infants with suboptimal AIMS scores at 3-4 months reached normal values at 12-15 months. Comparable improvements were observed in BSID-III scores. While no correlation between HINE and AIMS scores was found at the 3-4-month mark, a significant correlation emerged between AIMS and HINE scores at 6-9 months (r = 0.643, P <.001) and 12-15 months (r = 0.820, P <.001). Conclusion: Encouraging early family education alongside regular monitoring of high-risk newborns appears to have a positive impact on their motor and cognitive development. Consideration of clinical recommendations, such as tailored interventions and periodic assessments, may contribute to optimizing developmental outcomes.
Diurnal Variation of Fetomaternal Doppler and Fetal Cardiac Function Parameters in the Hospitalized Pregnancies: A Cross-Sectional Study; Introduction: To assess changes in blood flow in the uterine, fetal cerebral, and umbilical arteries (UA) by Doppler ultrasound and alterations in the variability of fetal heart rate (FHR) as well as fetal cardiac performance by fetal echocardiography between the 7.00 a.m. and 7.00 p.m. periods in pregnancies ranging from 24 to 39 weeks. Methods: Fifty pregnant participants underwent a customized fetal examination on the same day during both study periods, including Doppler measurements of the umbilical artery pulsatility index (UA-PI), fetal middle cerebral artery-pulsatility index (MCA-PI), middle cerebral artery-peak systolic velocity (MCA-PSV), cerebroplacental ratio, uterine artery-pulsatility index (UtA-PI), FHR, and fetal movements as well as various Doppler parameters of the fetal heart such as left isovolumetric contraction and relaxation times, mitral E-and A-wave velocities, the E/A ratio, K-index, filling time, and the myocardial performance index. Results: During the PM period, there was a meaningful increase in the MCA-PSV compared with the AM period. Conversely, the resistance in the MCA, particularly the PI, was found to be lower than that in the AM period. In addition, the FHR measured in the PM period increased compared with that in the AM period. The maternal UtA-PI and fetal UA-PI examined in the AM and PM periods were comparable. In addition, when all cardiac parameters examined in the study periods were compared, no significant difference was observed. Conclusion: The findings reveal that Doppler parameters observed during the study periods may change during the day and that the fetal cardiac function parameters, previously not assessed together, may not change during the day. Subsequent investigations can validate these observations using serial measurements of Doppler parameters in healthy and complicated gravidas.
Effects of maternal exercise on infant mesenchymal stem cell mitochondrial function, insulin action, and body composition in infancy; Maternal exercise (ME) has been established as a useful non-pharmacological intervention to improve infant metabolic health; however, mechanistic insight behind these adaptations remains mostly confined to animal models. Infant mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) give rise to infant tissues (e.g., skeletal muscle), and remain involved in mature tissue maintenance. Importantly, these cells maintain metabolic characteristics of an offspring donor and provide a model for the investigation of mechanisms behind infant metabolic health improvements. We used undifferentiated MSC to investigate if ME affects infant MSC mitochondrial function and insulin action, and if these adaptations are associated with lower infant adiposity. We found that infants from exercising mothers have improvements in MSC insulin signaling related to higher MSC respiration and fat oxidation, and expression and activation of energy-sensing and redox-sensitive proteins. Further, we found that infants exposed to exercise in utero were leaner at 1 month of age, with a significant inverse correlation between infant MSC respiration and infant adiposity at 6 months of age. These data suggest that infants from exercising mothers are relatively leaner, and this is associated with higher infant MSC mitochondrial respiration, fat use, and insulin action.
Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Infants’ Motor Development within the First Twelve Months of Life: Who Is Expected to Be the Ultimate Carrier of the Obesity Burden?; Introduction: Pre-pregnancy obesity is a significant public health concern with profound implications for maternal and child health. The burgeoning evidence suggests that maternal obesity prior to conception is intricately linked with an increased risk of gestational complications, as well as with adverse neonatal outcomes. Furthermore, the long and short-term health of offspring, including the risk of early motor development impairment, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in childhood and adulthood, may be adversely affected as well. Addressing pre-pregnancy obesity is critical for improving overall maternal and child health outcomes, and therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the connections linking pre-pregnancy obesity with infants’ motor development within the first twelve months of infants’ lives. Material and Methods: This study included 200 mother–infant pairs divided into two groups based on their pre-pregnancy body mass index values. To assess infants’ early motor development, we used the Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS) and evaluated the parameters of infants’ early motor development at the ages of three, six, nine, and twelve months. Results: Pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity was significantly associated with excessive gestational weight gain (p < 0.001), fetal macrosomia (p = 0.022), and a family history of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (p = 0.048 and p = 0.041, respectively), as well as with all observed parameters of early motor development at the ages of three, six, nine, and twelve months: AIMS 3 months total (p < 0.001), AIMS 6 months total (p < 0.001), AIMS 9 months total (p < 0.001), and AIMS 12 months total (p < 0.001). Furthermore, pre-pregnancy overweight/obesity was a significant predictor for AIMS 6 months total (p = 0.043) and AIMS 6 months supination (p = 0.017). Conclusions: Pre-pregnancy obesity is a critical determinant of pregnancy outcomes and offspring early motor development, with possible far-reaching implications for children’s long-term well-being. Addressing this issue requires a comprehensive approach that includes preconception weight management, targeted interventions during the pregnancy and postpartum periods, and ongoing research to better understand the underlying mechanisms and develop effective strategies for prevention and management.
Bone morphogenetic protein 10, a rising star in the field of diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Early research suggested that bone morphogenetic protein 10 (BMP10) is primarily involved in cardiac development and congenital heart disease processes. BMP10 is a newly identified cardiac-specific protein. In recent years, reports have emphasized the effects of BMP10 on myocardial apoptosis, fibrosis and immune response, as well as its synergistic effects with BMP9 in vascular endothelium and role in endothelial dysfunction. We believe that concentrating on this aspect of the study will enhance our knowledge of the pathogenesis of diabetes and the cardiovascular field. However, there have been no reports of any reviews discussing the role of BMP10 in diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In addition, the exact pathogenesis of diabetic cardiomyopathy is not fully understood, including myocardial energy metabolism disorders, microvascular changes, abnormal apoptosis of cardiomyocytes, collagen structural changes and myocardial fibrosis, all of which cause cardiac function impairment directly or indirectly and interact with one another. This review summarizes the research results of BMP10 in cardiac development, endothelial function and cardiovascular disease in an effort to generate new ideas for future research into diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Successful management of postpartum venous thrombosis following splenectomy for traumatic splenic rupture: a case report; Traumatic splenic rupture is rare in pregnant women; and multiple venous thromboses of the portal vein system, inferior vena cava and ovarian vein after caesarean section and splenectomy for splenic rupture has not been previously reported. This case report describes a case of multiple venous thromboses after caesarean section and splenectomy for traumatic splenic rupture in late pregnancy. A 34-year-old G3P1 female presented with abdominal trauma at 33+1 weeks of gestation. After diagnosis of splenic rupture, she underwent an emergency caesarean section and splenectomy. Multiple venous thromboses developed during the recovery period. The patient eventually recovered after anticoagulation therapy with low-molecular-weight heparin and warfarin. These findings suggest that in patients that have had a caesarean section and a splenectomy, which together might further increase the risk of venous thrombosis, any abdominal pain should be thoroughly investigated and thrombosis should be ruled out, including the possibility of multiple venous thromboses. Anticoagulant therapy could be extended after the surgery.
Management of Ebstein Anomaly in the Current Era: The Story of One Fetus and the Collaboration of Many—A Case Report; Collaborative multicenter research has significantly increased our understanding of fetal Ebstein anomaly, delineating risk factors for adverse outcomes as well as predictors of postnatal management. These data are incorporated into prenatal care and therapeutic strategies and inform family counseling and delivery planning to optimize care. This report details the translation of findings from multicenter studies into multidisciplinary prenatal care for a fetus with Ebstein anomaly, supraventricular tachycardia, and a circular shunt, including transplacental therapy to control arrhythmias and achieve ductal constriction, informed and coordinated delivery room management, and planned univentricular surgical palliation.
Exploring Maternal Diet-Epigenetic-Gut Microbiome Crosstalk as an Intervention Strategy to Counter Early Obesity Programming; Alterations in a mother’s metabolism and endocrine system, due to unbalanced nutrition, may increase the risk of both metabolic and non-metabolic disorders in the offspring’s childhood and adulthood. The risk of obesity in the offspring can be determined by the interplay between maternal nutrition and lifestyle, intrauterine environment, epigenetic modifications, and early postnatal factors. Several studies have indicated that the fetal bowel begins to colonize before birth and that, during birth and nursing, the gut microbiota continues to change. The mother’s gut microbiota is primarily transferred to the fetus through maternal nutrition and the environment. In this way, it is able to impact the establishment of the early fetal and neonatal microbiome, resulting in epigenetic signatures that can possibly predispose the offspring to the development of obesity in later life. However, antioxidants and exercise in the mother have been shown to improve the offspring’s metabolism, with improvements in leptin, triglycerides, adiponectin, and insulin resistance, as well as in the fetal birth weight through epigenetic mechanisms. Therefore, in this extensive literature review, we aimed to investigate the relationship between maternal diet, epigenetics, and gut microbiota in order to expand on current knowledge and identify novel potential preventative strategies for lowering the risk of obesity in children and adults.
Analysis of Heart Rate Variability in Newborns Dogs with Different Types of Delivery during the First 35 Days of Life; The present study aimed to evaluate the influence of the autonomic nervous system on cardiovascular function during the first 35 days of life in different types of delivery, using heart rate variability (HRV) indices. Thirty newborns were equally divided into two groups based on delivery type: eutocic delivery (EG) and emergency cesarean section (CG). Electrocardiographic evaluation was performed at birth (T0), 24 h postpartum (T1), and at 7, 14, 21, 28, and 35 days of life (T2 to T6). Physical parameters, neonatal reflexes, and Apgar scores were recorded. Over 35 days, the values of the time domain indices were higher in the GE group and increased with age. In the frequency domain, the low frequency (LF) index was higher in the CG, and the opposite occurred for the high frequency (HF) index. Since the CG presented lower HRV than the EG, it was shown that the type of delivery should be considered for the assessment of autonomic nervous system activity in neonates. Thus, as predictive factors of vitality, HRV and Apgar scores can help in the face of neonatal depression, demonstrating that delivery by emergency cesarean section can predispose newborns to delays in the autonomic influence on the heart.
Hemoglobin, Ferritin, and Lactate Dehydrogenase as Predictive Markers for Neonatal Sepsis; (1) Background: This study evaluates the predictive effectiveness of biomarkers in diagnosing newborn sepsis. (2) Methods: This was a case–control study conducted on neonates hospitalized at the Clinical Hospital “Louis Turcanu”, Timisoara, Romania, from October 2018 to July 2023. Using a vacutainer collection device, venous blood was collected at admission for complete blood tests, including ferritin, hemoglobin, LDH, and blood culture analysis. Neonates were divided into two groups: sepsis-positive and sepsis-negative. The outcome of interest was a diagnosis of sepsis. (3) Results: Data from 86 neonates, 51 of whom had been confirmed to have sepsis, were analyzed. This study found no significant difference in gestational age, infant weight, fetal growth restriction, or APGAR score between neonates with and without sepsis. However, there was a higher incidence of sepsis among neonates delivered via cesarean section. Neonatal patients with sepsis showed significantly higher levels of neonatal serum ferritin and LDH compared to those without sepsis. Ferritin and LDH biomarkers demonstrated excellent discriminatory capabilities in diagnosing neonatal sepsis. Logistic regression analysis revealed a significant association between elevated ferritin and LDH levels and the likelihood of neonatal sepsis, while anemia did not show a significant association. (4) Conclusions: LDH and ferritin concentrations are found to be predictive biomarkers for neonatal sepsis, indicating a potential role in detecting susceptible neonates and implementing prompt interventions to improve patient outcomes.
Frequency and Clinical Implications of Referrals to Heart Failure Among Patients with Peripartum Cardiomyopathy; Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare but significant cause of new-onset heart failure (HF) during the peri- and post-partum periods. Advances in GDMT for HF with reduced ventricular function have led to substantial improvements in survival and quality of life, yet few studies examine the longitudinal care received by patients with PPCM. The aim of this research is to address this gap by retrospectively characterizing patients with PPCM across a multihospital health system and investigating the frequency of cardiology and HF specialty referrals. Understanding whether surveillance and medical management differ among patients referred to HF will help to underscore the importance of referring patients with PPCM to HF specialists for optimal care.
Genus Paeonia monoterpene glycosides: A systematic review on their pharmacological activities and molecular mechanisms; Background: Genus Paeonia, which is the main source of Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Paeoniae Radix Rubra (Chishao in Chinese), Paeoniae Radix Alba (Baishao in Chinese) and Moutan Cortex (Mudanpi in Chinese), is rich in active pharmaceutical ingredient such as monoterpenoid glycosides (MPGs). MPGs from Paeonia have extensive pharmacological effects, but the pharmacological effects and molecular mechanisms of MPGs has not been comprehensively reviewed. Purpose: MPGs compounds are one of the main chemical components of the genus Paeonia, with a wide variety of compounds and strong pharmacological activities, and the structure of the mother nucleus-pinane skeleton is similar to that of a cage. The purpose of this review is to summarize the pharmacological activity and mechanism of action of MPGs from 2012 to 2023, providing reference direction for the development and utilization of Paeonia resources and preclinical research. Methods: Keywords and phrases are widely used in database searches, such as PubMed, Web of Science, Google Scholar and X-Mol to search for citations related to the new compounds, extensive pharmacological research and molecular mechanisms of MPGs compounds of genus Paeonia. Results: Modern research confirms that MPGs are the main compounds in Paeonia that exert pharmacological effects. MPGs with extensive pharmacological characteristics are mainly concentrated in two categories: paeoniflorin derivatives and albiflflorin derivatives among MPGs, which contains 32 compounds. Among them, 5 components including paeoniflorin, albiflorin, oxypaeoniflorin, 6′-O-galloylpaeoniflorin and paeoniflorigenone have been extensively studied, while the other 28 components have only been confirmed to have a certain degree of anti-inflammatory and anticomplementary effects. Studies of pharmacological effects are widely involved in nervous system, endocrine system, digestive system, immune system, etc., and some studies have identified clear mechanisms. MPGs exert pharmacological activity through multilateral mechanisms, including anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, inhibition of cell apoptosis, regulation of brain gut axis, regulation of gut microbiota and downregulation of mitochondrial apoptosis, etc. Conclusion: This systematic review delved into the pharmacological effects and related molecular mechanisms of MPGs. However, there are still some compounds in MPGs whose pharmacological effects and pharmacological mechanisms have not been clarified. In addition, extensive clinical randomized trials are needed to verify the efficacy and dosage of MPGs.
Prediction of adverse neonatal adaptation in fetuses with severe fetal growth restriction after 34 weeks of gestation; Objective: To establish a predictive model for adverse immediate neonatal adaptation (INA) in fetuses with suspected severe fetal growth restriction (FGR) after 34 gestational weeks (GW). Methods. We conducted a retrospective observational study at the University Hospitals of Strasbourg between 2000 and 2020, including 1,220 women with a singleton pregnancy and suspicion of severe FGR who delivered from 34 GW. The primary outcome (composite) was INA defined as Apgar 5-minute score <7, arterial pH <7.10, immediate transfer to pediatrics, or the need for resuscitation at birth. We developed and tested a logistic regression predictive model. Results. Adverse INA occurred in 316 deliveries. The model included six features available before labor: parity, gestational age, diabetes, middle cerebral artery Doppler, cerebral-placental inversion, onset of labor. The model could predict individual risk of adverse INA with confidence interval at 95 %. Taking an optimal cutoff threshold of 32 %, performances were: sensitivity 66 %; specificity 83 %; positive and negative predictive values 60 % and 87 % respectively, and area under the curve 78 %. Discussion. The predictive model showed good performances and a proof of concept that INA could be predicted with pre-labor characteristics, and needs to be investigated further.
In utero exposure to maternal diabetes exacerbates dietary sodium intake-induced endothelial dysfunction by activating cyclooxygenase 2-derived prostanoids; Prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes has been recognized as a significant cardiovascular risk factor, increasing the susceptibility to the emergence of conditions such as high blood pressure, atherosclerosis, and heart disease in later stages of life. However, it is unclear if offspring exposed to diabetes in utero have worse vascular outcomes on a high-salt (HS) diet. To test the hypothesis that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, we treated adult male wild-type offspring (DM_Exp, 6 mo old) of diabetic Ins2þ /C96Y mice (Akita mice) with HS (8% sodium chloride, 10 days) and analyzed endothelial function via wire myograph and cyclooxygenase (COX)-derived prostanoids pathway by ELISA, quantitative PCR, and immunochemistry. On a regular diet, DM_Exp mice did not manifest any vascular dysfunction, remodeling, or inflammation. However, HS increased aortic contractility to phenylephrine and induced endothelial dysfunction (analyzed by acetylcholine-induced endothelium-dependent relaxation), vascular hydrogen peroxide production, COX2 expression, and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) overproduction. Interestingly, ex vivo antioxidant treatment (tempol) or COX1/2 (indomethacin) or COX2 (NS398) inhibitors improved or reverted the endothelial dysfunction in DM_Exp mice fed a HS diet. Finally, DM_Exp mice fed with HS exhibited greater circulating cytokines and chemokines accompanied by vascular inflammation. In summary, our findings indicate that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes predisposes to HS-induced vascular dysfunction, primarily through the induction of oxidative stress and the generation of COX2-derived PGE2. This supports the concept that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes is a cardiovascular risk factor in adulthood.
A newdiagnosis of methaemoglobinaemia in late pregnancy; Introduction: Methaemoglobinaemia is a rare and potentially lethal disorder of haemoglobin with congenital and acquired causes. Given the rarity of the congenital form, there is a relative lack of data from which routine management strategies can be devised, particularly in pregnancy, providing a challenge for clinicians. We report the case of a new diagnosis of congenital methaemoglobinaemia in late pregnancy and her peripartum management. Case Report: A 39-year-old woman presented at 36 weeks gestation with palpitations and mild tachycardia. Her obstetric history included three previous miscarriages. Due to a history of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, induction of labour had been incidentally planned for the following day. She was found to have an oxygen saturation of 92% in room air but showed no other signs or symptoms of hypoxia. The arterial blood gas revealed an PaO2 of 16.3 kPa and a methaemoglobin (MetHb) concentration of 33%. The patient denied any previous diagnosis or symptoms. Given the lack of exposure to linked toxins and her apparent stability with such a high MetHb concentration, haematology advised that this was likely chronic congenital methaemoglobinaemia. They recommended high flow oxygen during labour, intravenous fluids and ascorbic acid. Methylene blue was not recommended. After multidisciplinary discussion, and in part due to maternal choice, it was felt that a caesarean section (CS) rather than induction of labour with an early epidural would be the safest way to deliver. This was performed uneventfully under spinal anaesthesia and supplemental oxygen. Discussion: Due to hypoxia, methaemoglobinaemia during pregnancy can lead to fetal morbidity and mortality. As pregnancy progresses there is a higher oxygen demand, which may cause an acute attack, even in the absence of preceding symptoms [1]. As methylene blue is teratogenic, and can have numerous adverse effects on the fetus and newborn, its use in pregnancy is spared for extreme cases [1]. There may be an association between methaemoglobinaemia and preeclampsia, as well as increased propensity to miscarry, both of which were seen in this patient [2]. Despite the elevated MetHb, our patient appeared comfortable at rest. Nonetheless, it would have been difficult to predict the impact of the physiological stress of labour, even with an early epidural to mitigate this. It was felt that regional anaesthesia and a CS would provide the safest option for delivery.
The physiological changes in pregnancy, a hazard?; Introduction: Haemodynamic changes in pregnancy may exacerbate underlying cardiac disease, which remains one of the leading causes of maternal death [1, 2].We describe a category 1 caesarean section (CS) in a lady with a previously undiagnosed ASD resulting in right-to-left shunt. Case Report: A non-English speaking, 37-year-old primiparous woman with a background of hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes mellitus presented to labour ward via ambulance with spontaneous rupture of membranes and bleeding at term. She was confused, hypoxic and in circulatory shock. Differential diagnoses included abruption, pulmonary embolism and sepsis. She was contracting and 3 cm dilated on examination. She had features of a difficult airway including micrognathia. A decision was made for category 1 CS shortly after arrival due to prolonged fetal bradycardia. General anaesthesia was induced. Despite prompt intubation using videolaryngos copy, she desaturated rapidly to 70%. A baby girl was delivered in good condition. Partial placental abruption was noted, with blood loss of approximately 500 ml. This was felt to be insufficient to justify the patient’s instability alone. Invasive monitoring was established. The patient remained acidaemic with increasing vasopressor requirements and relatively hypoxic, requiring an FiO2 of 80% to maintain a PaO2 of 8kPa. She was transferred to ICU post-operatively. CT showed a left lower lobe consolidation, evidence of right heart strain, with an enlarged liver and dilated hepatic and portal veins. There was no PE. Echocardiography demonstrated a large ASD, and a subsequent bubble study while ventilated showed right-to-left shunt with a pulmonary artery systolic pressure of 26mmhg. She was extubated on day 3, and referred to a tertiary centre for ASD closure due to ongoing hypoxia. The patient subsequently reported knowledge of cardiac disease as a child; however this was not disclosed during her pregnancy. Discussion: We postulate that the drop in systemic vascular resistance in pregnancy, combined with onset of labour and possible haemorrhage resulted in a reversal of flow through the ASD, resulting in right to left shunt with hypoxia and circulatory shock. Thiswas worsened by positive pressure ventilation following induction. This case highlights the critical role of translation services to optimise communication with patients who do not speak English as their first language.
Stretch-induced compliance mechanism in pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy and the impact of cardiovascular risk factors; Pressure overload-induced hypertrophy compromises cardiac stretch-induced compliance (SIC) after acute volume overload (AVO). We hypothesized that SIC could be enhanced by physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy’s chronic volume overload. This study evaluated SIC-cardiac adaptation in pregnant women with or without cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors. Thirty-seven women (1st trimester, 1stT) and a separate group of 31 (3rd trimester, 3rdT) women [healthy or with CVR factors (obesity and/or hypertension and/or with gestational diabetes)] underwent echocardiography determination of left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) and E/e0 before (T0), immediately after (T1), and 15 min after (T2; SIC) AVO induced by passive leg elevation. Blood samples for NT-proBNP quantification were collected before and after the AVO. Acute leg elevation significantly increased inferior vena cava diameter and stroke volume from T0 to T1 in both 1stT and 3rdT, confirming AVO. LVEDV and E/e0 also increased immediately after AVO (T1) in both 1stT and 3rdT. SIC adaptation (T2, 15 min after AVO) significantly decreased E/e0 in both trimesters, with additional expansion of LVEDV only in the 1stT. NT-pro-BNP increased slightly after AVO but only in the 1stT. CVR factors, but not parity or age, significantly impacted SIC cardiac adaptation. A distinct functional response to SIC was observed between 1stT and 3rdT, which was influenced by CVR factors. The LV of 3rdT pregnant women was hypertrophied, showing a structural limitation to dilate with AVO, whereas the lower LV filling pressure values suggest increased diastolic compliance. NEW & NOTEWORTHY The sudden increase of volume overload triggers an acute myocardial stretch characterized by an immediate rise in contractility by the Frank–Starling mechanism, followed by a progressive increase known as the slow force response. The present study is the first to characterize echocardiographically the stretch-induced compliance (SIC) mechanism in the context of physiological hypertrophy induced by pregnancy. A distinct functional adaptation to SIC was observed between first and third trimesters, which was influenced by cardiovascular risk factors.
Rheumatoid arthritis and cardiovascular complications during delivery: a United States inpatient analysis; Background and Persons with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications, as well as long-term Aims cardiovascular (CV) risk. Hence, the aim was to evaluate the association of RA with acute CV complications during delivery admissions. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Methods Data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004–2019) were queried utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of RA. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Results A total of 12 789 722 delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with RA (n = 11 979). Individuals with RA, vs. those without, were older (median 31 vs. 28 years, P < .01) and had a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, and dyslipidaemia (P < .01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, RA remained an independent risk factor for peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 1.37 (95% confidence interval 1.27–1.47)], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 2.10 (1.11–3.99)], and arrhythmias [aOR 2.00 (1.68–2.38)] compared with no RA. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury and venous thromboembolism was higher with RA. An overall increasing trend of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and acute CV complications was also observed among individuals with RA from 2004–2019. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization were higher for deliveries among persons with RA. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Conclusions Pregnant persons with RA had higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, and venous thromboembolism during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant individuals with RA rose over this 15-year period. Structured Graphical Abstract Key Question Are pregnant women with rheumatoid arthritis (RA) at higher risk of acute cardiovascular complications at the time of admission for delivery? Key Finding In a 15-year analysis of 12 million delivery admissions from 2004-2019 in the U.S., women with RA had elevated peripartum cardiovascular complications. The study also noted a rising trend in cardiometabolic risk factors among pregnant women with RA. Take Home Message RA is an independent risk factor for peripartum cardiovascular complications. This study underscores the importance of optimizing and addressing cardiometabolic health before, during, and after pregnancy. Acute peripartum cardiovascular complications with rheumatoid arthritis NIS (2004−2019) 12 789 722 Baseline characteristics With RA Age Without RA 11 979 (0.1%) 31 (27-35)[p<.01]vs. 28 (24-32) 12 777 743 (99.9%) Chronic hypertension 1.5% vs. 0.7% [p<.01] Obesity 6.8% vs. 4.0% [p<.01] Dyslipidaemia 0.7% vs. 0.1% [p<.01] GDM 5.9% vs. 3.8% [p<.01] Adjusted analysis (age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, Trend analysis insurance, and income) Adjusted odds ratio Preeclampsia 1.37 (1.27-1.47) p<.01 Increase in prevalence of RA Heart failure 2.05 (0.68-6.16) p=0.26 among delivery admissions Cardiac arrhythmias 2.00 (1.68-2.38) p<.01 Acute kidney injury 1.79 (1.05-3.01) p=0.03 Increase in prevalence Stroke 1.01 (0.42-2.44) p=0.98 of cardiometabolic Pulmonary oedema 1.33 (0.66-2.66) p=0.43 risk factors in pregnancy Venous thromboembolism 1.90 (1.05-3.43) p=0.03 Peripartum cardiomyopathy 2.10 (1.11-3.99) p<.01 Increase in acute peripartum utilization Resource cardiovascular complication Length of stay 3 days vs 2 days p<.01 rates with RA Cost of hospitalization $4377 vs $3718 p<.01 Acute peripartum cardiovascular complications with rheumatoid arthritis. RA, rheumatoid arthritis; PCOS, polycystic ovary syndrome; GDM, gestational diabetes mellitus; RA, rheumatoid arthritis; NIS, National Inpatient Sample
Early-onset vs late-onset preeclampsia and risk of coronary atherosclerosis later in life: a clinical follow-up study; BACKGROUND: Younger women with previous preeclampsia have an increased risk of coronary atherosclerosis. It is unknown if this risk is associated with the time of onset of preeclampsia. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate if women with early-onset preeclampsia have a higher risk of coronary atherosclerosis compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia, independent of other perinatal risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 911 women with previous preeclampsia aged 35 to 55 years participated in a clinical follow-up study, including clinical examination, comprehensive questionnaires, and cardiac computed tomography scan 13 years (range, 0–28) after index pregnancy. Early- and late-onset preeclampsia were defined as gestational age at delivery of <34+0 and ≥34+0 gestational weeks, respectively. The primary outcome of the study was the presence of coronary atherosclerosis on the cardiac computed tomography. A logistic regression analysis was performed to investigate the association between time of onset of preeclampsia, perinatal risk factors, and the primary outcome. RESULTS: Women with early-onset preeclampsia (N=139) were older (46.2±5.7 vs 44.4±5.5 years; P<.001), more likely to have hypertension (51.1% vs 35.1%; P≤.001), and had a higher body mass index (27.9±6.3 vs 26.9±5.5 kg/m2; P=.051) compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia (N=772) at follow-up. The prevalence of the primary outcome (coronary atherosclerosis) on the cardiac computed tomography among women with early- and late-onset preeclampsia was 28.8% vs 22.2%, respectively (P=.088; adjusted odds ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1.01–3.01; P=.045 after adjustment for maternal age at index pregnancy, prepregnancy body mass index, parity, diabetes in pregnancy, smoking in pregnancy, offspring birthweight and sex, and follow-up length). CONCLUSION: Women with early-onset preeclampsia had a slightly higher risk of coronary atherosclerosis compared with women with late-onset preeclampsia. However, according to the current evidence, it does not seem indicated to limit screening, diagnostic, and preventive measures for cardiovascular disease only to women with early-onset preeclampsia.
Cardiovascular health and cancer risk associated with plant based diets: An umbrella review; Context Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and cancer are the two main leading causes of death and disability worldwide. Suboptimal diet, poor in vegetables, fruits, legumes and whole grain, and rich in processed and red meat, refined grains, and added sugars, is a primary modifiable risk factor. Based on health, economic and ethical concerns, plant-based diets have progressively widespread worldwide. Objective This umbrella review aims at assessing the impact of animal-free and animal-products-free diets (A/APFDs) on the risk factors associated with the development of cardiometabolic diseases, cancer and their related mortalities. Data sources PubMed and Scopus were searched for reviews, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses published from 1st January 2000 to 31st June 2023, written in English and involving human subjects of all ages. Primary studies and reviews/meta-analyses based on interventional trials which used A/APFDs as a therapy for people with metabolic diseases were excluded. Data extraction The umbrella review approach was applied for data extraction and analysis. The revised AMSTAR-R 11-item tool was applied to assess the quality of reviews/meta-analyses. Results Overall, vegetarian and vegan diets are significantly associated with better lipid profile, glycemic control, body weight/BMI, inflammation, and lower risk of ischemic heart disease and cancer. Vegetarian diet is also associated with lower mortality from CVDs. On the other hand, no difference in the risk of developing gestational diabetes and hypertension were reported in pregnant women following vegetarian diets. Study quality was average. A key limitation is represented by the high heterogeneity of the study population in terms of sample size, demography, geographical origin, dietary patterns, and other lifestyle confounders. Conclusions Plant-based diets appear beneficial in reducing cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as CVDs, cancer risk and mortality. However, caution should be paid before broadly suggesting the adoption of A/AFPDs since the strength-of-evidence of study results is significantly limited by the large study heterogeneity alongside the potential risks associated with potentially restrictive regimens.
Design of a bi-directional methodology for automated assessment of compliance to continuous application of clinical guidelines, and its evaluation in the type 2 diabetes domain; We introduce a new approach for automated guideline-based-care quality assessment, the bidirectional knowledge-based assessment of compliance (BiKBAC) method, and the DiscovErr system, which implements it. Our methodology compares the guideline's Asbrubased formal representation, including its intentions, with the longitudinal medical record, using a top-down and bottom-up approach. Partial matches are resolved using fuzzy temporal logic. The system was evaluated in the type 2 Diabetes management domain, comparing it to three expert clinicians, including two diabetes experts. The system and the experts commented on the management of 10 patients, randomly selected from 2,000 diabetes patients. On average, each record spanned 5.23 years; the data included 1,584 medical transactions. The system provided 279 comments. The experts made 181 different unique comments. The completeness (recall) of the system was 91% when the gold standard was comments made by at least two of the three experts, and 98%, compared to comments made by all three experts. The experts also assessed all of the 114 medication-therapy-related comments, and a random 35% of the 165 tests-and-monitoring-related comments. The system's correctness (precision) was 81%, compared to comments judged as correct by both diabetes experts, and 91%, compared to comments judged as correct by one diabetes expert and at least as partially correct by the other. 89% of the comments were judged as important by both diabetes experts, 8% were judged as important by one expert, and 3% were judged as less important by both experts. Adding the validated system comments to the experts' comments, the completeness scores of the experts were 75%, 60%, and 55%; the expert correctness scores were respectively 99%, 91%, and 88%. Thus, the system could be ranked first in completeness and second in correctness. We conclude that systems such as DiscovErr can effectively assess the quality of continuous guideline-based care.
Incidence of Cardiometabolic Associated Reproductive Events from 2010–2020 in Alberta, Canada; Objective(s): Several reproductive events have important maternal cardiometabolic health impacts beyond pregnancy. These cardiometabolic associated reproductive events (CARE) (i.e., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, abruption, birthweight < 2500 grams) identify females at increased risk of premature cardiometabolic morbidity (hypertension, dysglycemia, obesity, cardiovascular diseases, etc.). Objective was to describe the incidence in CARE over 2010–2020 in Alberta, as a foundational step in developing a provincial cardiometabolic health promotion pathway. Methods: A population-based retrospective cohort was studied by linking provincial administrative databases. The Discharge Abstract Database (DAD) was used to identify all singleton delivery hospitalizations in Alberta through fiscal years 2010/11 and 2019/20. Those with pre-pregnancy cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, or kidney disease were excluded. CARE outcomes were classified using IDC9/10 codes. CARE incidences were summarized by year and were compared over time using Mann-Kendall tests. P values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: 491 882 deliveries (314 222 females) were included. The incidence of CARE increased by 27.4% from 19.0% in 2010/11 to 24.2% in 2019/20 (P < 0.05). Specifically, HDP increased from 6.1% to 7.7%, gestational diabetes from 5.7% to 10.0%, and birth weight < 2500 grams from 4.9% to 5.6% (P < 0.05). Any preterm delivery and abruption did not change significantly. Conclusion(s): All CARE increased in Alberta by 27.4% over a ten-year period. These findings identify: 1) major gaps in implementation of evidence-based interventions to prevent CARE (e.g., physical activity, low dose aspirin); and 2) an increasing population with CARE at risk of premature cardiometabolic diseases to reach with health promotion interventions.
Understanding the spectrum of cardiovascular risk in women - A primer for prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women worldwide and the lifetime risk of CVD in women is similar to men. However, the pathophysiology of CVD varies between women and men necessitating a sex-specific understanding of cardiovascular (CV) risk. A belief that women have a lower CVD risk than men, and an underrepresentation in clinical research for many years has led to a paucity of evidence in the prevention and management of CVD in women. Many recent efforts have tried to bridge the gap. As a result, we now know that traditional risk factors impact CVD risk differently in women when compared with men. There are also numerous sex-specific and pregnancy related risk factors that modify the risk and can predict the future development of CVD in women. This is important as risk calculators, in general, tend to misclassify risk in young women with nontraditional CVD risk factors. To address this, guidelines have introduced the concept of risk enhancers that can suggest a higher risk. The use of coronary artery calcium score can further accurately delineate risk in these women, leading to an appropriate matching of therapy to underlying risk. This review discusses implementation strategies that are essential to mitigate disparities in CVD outcomes and optimizing CVD risk in women.
The association of red and processed meat with gestational diabetes mellitus: Results from 2 Canadian birth cohort studies; Objective Red and processed meat is considered risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), but the evidence is inconclusive. We aimed to examine the association between red and processed meat intake and odds of GDM among South Asian and White European women living in Canada. Methods This is a cross-sectional analysis of pregnant women from two birth cohorts: SouTh Asian biRth cohorT (START; n = 976) and Family Atherosclerosis Monitoring In earLY life (FAMILY; n = 581). Dietary intake was assessed using a validated 169-item semi-quantitative food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Multivariate logistic regression models were used to examine the associations between gestational diabetes and: 1) total red and processed meat; 2) unprocessed red meat; 3) processed meat and GDM after adjustment for potential confounders. Results There were 241 GDM cases in START and 91 in FAMILY. The median total red and processed meat intake were 1.5 g/d (START) and 52.8 g/d (FAMILY). In START, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio (OR) showed neither lower nor higher intakes of unprocessed red meat (p-trend = 0.68), processed meat (p-trend = 0.90), or total red and processed meat (p-trend = 0.44), were associated with increased odds of GDM, when compared with medium intake. Similar results were observed in FAMILY except for processed meat intake [OR = 0.94 (95% CI 0.47–1.91), for medium versus low and OR = 1.51 (95% CI 0.77–2.29) for medium versus high; p-trend = 0.18] after adjusting for additional dietary factors such as the diet quality score, total fiber, saturated fat and glycemic load. Conclusion Medium compared with low or high red and processed meat intake is not associated with GDM in White Europeans and South Asians living in Canada.
FEASIBILITY OF THE REST TRACKER PLATFORM TO MONITOR OBESE PREGNANT WOMAN FOR THE ONSET OF OSA THROUGHOUT PREGNANCY; Introduction: OSA during pregnancy is associated with increased risk for gestational-diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, contributing to maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Furthermore, OSA increases risk of chronic cardiovascular disease, well beyond pregnancy. Studies suggest the prevalence of OSA increases during pregnancy, as maternal BMI rises. Continuous evaluation is necessary as the risk increases throughout the course of the pregnancy, however this is not currently a standard practice. Sleep specialists have not provided a specific approach to assist obstetricians addressing the OSA concern, leaving a gap in our maternal health management. REST Technologies has developed the REST-Tracker, a Remote Patient Monitoring platform for the management of OSA patients and has been funded by the NIH to assess the feasibility of using this platform in the obese pregnant population at risk of developing OSA. Here, we present preliminary data using the RESTTracker to assess for OSA throughout pregnancy in an at-risk population. Methods: The REST-Tracker system manages data obtained from a Ring-Oximeter worn nightly by subjects whos data is processed through the FDA cleared SleepImage ™ system, assessing for OSA, providing sAHI3%/sAHI4% metrics. Subjects recruited from a high-risk obstetrics clinic. Inclusion-criteria: BMI >27, entry < 16 weeks gestational-age, Target=30 subjects monitored nightly into and through the third trimester. Results: To date, 23 reliable subjects, two drop-outs from miscarriages, 21 currently providing data, 9 left to recruit. Initial- BMI Ave=38 (+/-6.6), Ave Initial-GA=8.9wks(+/-2.4), Initial sAHI3%/4%= 5.3 (+/-3.1) sAHI4%=2.3(+/-2.0) average monitoring to-date=12.4(+/-5) with 0 subjects demonstrating sustained moderate (sAHI4% > 15) or severe (sAHI4% >30) OSA. None of the subjects to-date demonstrate SaO2 < 90% to any significant degree, 3 subjects had the SaO2 drop < 90% >5 min on 3 nights, only 1 had 1 night with SaO2 < 88% >5 minutes (19 minutes). Conclusion: If successful the REST-Tracker may provide new approach, improving maternal care for this at-risk population. Additionally, it allows expedited OSA management with longitudinal guidance to assess treatment modifications, necessary in a evolving medical scenario such as the third-trimester of pregnancy. Furthermore, this approach will allow insight into the pathophysiologic relationships between OSA and conditions such as gestational diabetes and hypertension.
FEASIBILITY OF THE REST TRACKER PLATFORM TO MONITOR OBESE PREGNANT WOMAN FOR THE ONSET OF OSA THROUGHOUT PREGNANCY; Introduction: OSA during pregnancy is associated with increased risk for gestational-diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, contributing to maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Furthermore, OSA increases risk of chronic cardiovascular disease, well beyond pregnancy. Studies suggest the prevalence of OSA increases during pregnancy, as maternal BMI rises. Continuous evaluation is necessary as the risk increases throughout the course of the pregnancy, however this is not currently a standard practice. Sleep specialists have not provided a specific approach to assist obstetricians addressing the OSA concern, leaving a gap in our maternal health management. REST Technologies has developed the REST-Tracker, a Remote Patient Monitoring platform for the management of OSA patients and has been funded by the NIH to assess the feasibility of using this platform in the obese pregnant population at risk of developing OSA. Here, we present preliminary data using the RESTTracker to assess for OSA throughout pregnancy in an at-risk population. Methods: The REST-Tracker system manages data obtained from a Ring-Oximeter worn nightly by subjects whos data is processed through the FDA cleared SleepImage ™ system, assessing for OSA, providing sAHI3%/sAHI4% metrics. Subjects recruited from a high-risk obstetrics clinic. Inclusion-criteria: BMI >27, entry < 16 weeks gestational-age, Target=30 subjects monitored nightly into and through the third trimester. Results: To date, 23 reliable subjects, two drop-outs from miscarriages, 21 currently providing data, 9 left to recruit. Initial- BMI Ave=38 (+/-6.6), Ave Initial-GA=8.9wks(+/-2.4), Initial sAHI3%/4%= 5.3 (+/-3.1) sAHI4%=2.3(+/-2.0) average monitoring to-date=12.4(+/-5) with 0 subjects demonstrating sustained moderate (sAHI4% > 15) or severe (sAHI4% >30) OSA. None of the subjects to-date demonstrate SaO2 < 90% to any significant degree, 3 subjects had the SaO2 drop < 90% >5 min on 3 nights, only 1 had 1 night with SaO2 < 88% >5 minutes (19 minutes). Conclusion: If successful the REST-Tracker may provide new approach, improving maternal care for this at-risk population. Additionally, it allows expedited OSA management with longitudinal guidance to assess treatment modifications, necessary in a evolving medical scenario such as the third-trimester of pregnancy. Furthermore, this approach will allow insight into the pathophysiologic relationships between OSA and conditions such as gestational diabetes and hypertension.
Respiratory Distress in the Setting of a Right Diaphragmatic Eventration in a Newborn With a Pathogenic FLNA Gene Mutation; Background: Childhood-onset interstitial lung disease comprises a heterogenous group of disorders resulting in abnormalities of the lung interstitium and disordered gas exchange. The FLNA gene encodes filamin A, a protein that crosslinks with actin and participates in the reorganization of the cytoskeleton and anchoring of membrane proteins, functions critical for maintenance of cell shape, function and migration. Variants in FLNA cause a wide spectrum of disease including skeletal dysplasia, neuronal migration abnormality (periventricular nodular heterotopia [PVNH]), otopalatodigital spectrum disorders, cardiovascular malformation, intellectual disability and intestinal obstruction. In recent years, an association of pathogenic variants in the FLNA gene with childhood-onset interstitial lung disease has been recognized and reported. Results: A 7-week-old male born at 39.6 weeks gestation via repeat c-section to a 34 year-old, G3 P0 T1 A1 L1, presented with respiratory distress at 1 hour of life requiring escalation of treatment to CPAP support. Pregnancy had appropriate prenatal care, with significant insulin dependent gestational diabetes. The delivery was uneventful with APGARs scores of 8/9. Chest x-rays (CXR) obtained demonstrated persistent infiltrates and right hemidiaphragm consistently elevated. Ultrasound revealed an intact diaphragm but shallow breathing. Patient was initially started on antibiotics for concerns of pneumonia induced sepsis. An echocardiogram showed a small atrial septal defect and peripheral pulmonary stenosis, unlikely to be the cause of respiratory distress. Repeat CXR redemonstrated the right side hemidiaphragm elevation with low lung volumes but clear lungs consistent with a diaphragmatic eventration. Patient continued intermittently tachypneic without signs of distress thus respiratory support was able to be deescalated to high flow nasal cannula. Physical examination was remarkable for a sacral dimple and undescended right testis, however, no dysmorphic features were encountered. The decision was made not to repair the eventration which appeared minimal and unlikely the etiology for the patient's tachypnea. Genetic tests using new technology, genome, resulted in hemizygous for a pathogenic variant in the FNLA gene, X-linked in chromosome Xq28. Subsequently brain MRI showed subependymal nodular neuronal heterotopia along the left lateral ventricle consistent with the abnormal gene. Conclusion: The diagnosis and classification of childhood onset interstitial lung disease remains a challenge for neonatologists, pediatricians and pulmonologists. The progressive course of the pulmonary aspect of FLNA related variants and need for early aggressive supportive treatment make identification crucial to patient management and prognostic counseling. Close long-term monitoring is required to ensure adequate management.
Preeclampsia Risk in Pregnant Patients With Preexisting Ischemic Heart Disease; INTRODUCTION: Preeclampsia (PreE) affects 1 in 25 U.S. pregnancies. Recognized risk factors include obesity, chronic hypertension, and diabetes, and PreE may elevate risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Despite shared vascular integrity concerns with known risk factors, there is no clear link between preexisting CVD, particularly ischemic heart disease (IHD), and increased risk of PreE during pregnancy. This study investigates whether preexisting IHD heightens risk of PreE in pregnant patients, and if this relationship can be explained by elevated rates of hypertension, diabetes, and obesity. METHODS: Data were obtained from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) national database, containing comprehensive de-identified patient data on U.S. hospital encounters. ICD-10 codes for IHD, chronic hypertension, gestational and preexisting diabetes, obesity, and PreE were used to identify relevant cases among delivery admissions. Data were analyzed using logistic regression, controlling for confounders. RESULTS: The sample included 1,670,527 patients who delivered between 2016 and 2019. Although no differences by race were observed, patients with IHD were significantly older and more likely to qualify for Medicaid. After controlling for age and insurance status, pregnant patients with IHD were nearly three times more likely to develop PreE than those without IHD (OR 2.75 [1.93-3.39]). With adjustment for possible mediators including chronic hypertension, preexisting and gestational diabetes, and obesity, IHD was still associated with a twofold increased risk of PreE (OR 2.07 [1.44-2.99]). CONCLUSION: Pregnant women with preexisting IHD face significantly higher risk of developing PreE, even when considering comorbidities including obesity, diabetes, and hypertension. Preeclampsia is a leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality worldwide. As the incidence of IHD rises, understanding the potential interactions between these conditions becomes crucial. Further research is needed to clarify connections between IHD and PreE, especially in identifying IHD and its risk factors to improve PreE prophylaxis and management.
Fertility and Contraception In Post-Bariatric Surgery Patients; Introduction: Obesity (OB) is a pandemic that negatively impacts quality of life, rates of chronic diseases and mortality, also impairing fertility and worsening gestational outcomes. Bariatric surgery (BS) is the most effective treatment for OB and is growing in popularity, particularly sleeve gastrectomy (SL) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (GB). Half of the women undergoing BS are in childbearing age. Challenges involving pregnancy and contraception in BS patients are frequently not properly addressed. Conflicting evidence and paucity of studies contributes to lack of assertive information in these issues. Methods: A search was performed in Pubmed database using the following strategy: “((contraception) OR (contraceptive methods) OR (contraceptive agents) OR (contraceptive devices)) AND ((bariatric surgery) OR (gastric bypass) OR (sleeve gastrectomy))”, and 130 articles were selected. A filter was applied to include only reviews, systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials and meta-analysis in the last 10 years, retrieving 25 articles. Based on their titles, 17 were considered relevant. One was excluded because the full text was not accessible online. Results: Most studies (11) were narrative reviews, 1 was a systematic review, 3 were guidelines and 1 was an expert opinion review article. Analysis showed that bariatric surgery (BS) can improve fertility, increasing conception rates in 33-100%, leading to an increased risk of unplanned pregnancies. BS reduces the frequency of gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and macrosomia, but studies report an increased risk of small to gestational neonates: GB (Odds-ratio OR 2,16) and SG (OR 1,14). Since nutritional deficiencies are more frequent during the rapid weight loss phase after BS, a time to conception shorter than 12 months was linked to increased frequency of inadequate gestational weight gain (75%) and reduced longterm weight loss. Guidelines recommend avoiding conception for 12 to 24 months after BS, but up to 1.6% women conceive in the first 18 months. There is no consensus about efficacy of oral contraceptives (OC) in post-BS patients, so they should not be the first line choice, due to potential failure risk and increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Guidelines recommend using long-acting reversible contraceptive strategies (LARCs) such as progestin intrauterine devices (IUD), since in addition to being highly effective, they have an impact on reducing menstrual blood loss. Subcutaneous implants and bilateral salpingectomy concurrent with BS might be viable alternatives. Contraception counseling is performed to 30-85,7% of post-BS patients, but 30% report no contraception and 33% report using OC after disabsorptive BS. These results emphasize the need to improve contraceptive counseling in BS patients and suggest referral to a gynecologist as a standard multidisciplinary approach.
Breastfeeding patterns and maternal risk of coronary heart disease; Introduction: Lactation is an essential component of the reproductive cycle, and evidence suggests that it may confer protection against cardiovascular diseases post weaning. However, beyond protection from breast cancer, long-term health benefits of breastfeeding for mothers are largely unknown. Importantly, women with obesity breastfeed for shorter durations. This study aimed to examine the association between breastfeeding patterns and coronary heart disease (CHD) among mothers with information on a range of potentially confounding variables including prepregnancy body mass index (PP-BMI). Methods: We included 6,007 mothers from the Copenhagen Perinatal Cohort who gave birth during 1959-61 in Denmark. Information on duration of exclusive and any breastfeeding was assessed by a physician interviewing the mothers at the infant's 1-year examination. Patterns of duration and intensity of breastfeeding were identified using latent class trajectory modeling. CHD diagnoses were obtained from 1977 to 2022 in the National Patient Register (n=1281). Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for CHD were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regressions with adjustment for social status and education, PP-BMI, maternal diabetes, smoking during pregnancy, and parity, preterm birth, and birth weight of the child. Results: In this population, 11% percent of the women had pre-pregnancy overweight or obesity. We identified four trajectories of breastfeeding: No breastfeeding (38.5% of the population); early weaning (26.4%); intermediate weaning (20.1%); and late weaning (15.0%). In the unadjusted analysis, there was a significant and inverse trend between breastfeeding patterns and maternal risk of CHD (P=0.03). Compared to mothers who did not breastfeed, risks of CHD were lower in women who breastfed for longer periods and/or more intensively; the HR was 0.87 (95% CI: 0.76-0.99) for the early weaning trajectory group, 0.83 (0.71-0.97) for the intermediate weaning trajectory group and 0.82 (0.70-0.97) for the late weaning trajectory group in the unadjusted analyses. After adjustment for potential confounders, the overall association was no longer significant (P=0.55) and the results attenuated; the HR for maternal CHD was 0.92 (95% CI 0.80-1.06) for the early weaning trajectory group, 0.92 (95% CI 0.79-1.07) for the intermediate trajectory group and 0.99 (95% CI, 0.83- 1.18) for the late weaning trajectory group. Conclusion: We found that breastfeeding patterns of a longer duration and higher intensity of breastfeeding is associated with a lower risk of maternal CHD. Adjustment for demographics, metabolic risk during pregnancy including PP-BMI, and reproductive history weakened the described associations. These findings suggest that these factors may explain the protective effect of breastfeeding on maternal CHD risk.
Prevalence, risks and treatment of incident chronic kidney disease stage 3-4: an observational study in Finland between 2016-2022; Background and Aims: The rising burden of chronic kidney disease (CKD) calls for early detection and targeted interventions. Kidneyprotective treatments (renin-angiotensin system inhibitors [RASis] and sodium-glucose co-transporter-2 inhibitors [SGLT2is]) can delay chronic kidney disease (CKD) progression, cardiovascular events and death. However, contemporary differences between CKD patients with and without type 2 diabetes (T2D) is limited. This study aimed to describe the prevalence, patient characteristics, the use of kidney protective treatments (RASi or SGLT2i) and event risks among patients with incident stage 3-4 CKD in Finland. Method: We used comprehensive real-world clinical data from electronic health records from primary and hospital care in five municipalities in Finland between 1st January 2016 to 31st December 2022 to identify stage 3-4 CKD patients aged ≤18 years, defined as having either one estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) measurement between 15 to 60 ml/min/1.73 m2 followed by a second one ≤90 days apart, or a registered CKD diagnosis. Two cohorts from primary care were identified: a prevalent cohort indexed at a fixed date, 1st Jan 2022 and an incident cohort indexed at the date of new CKD. The incident CKD patients were followed from CKD incident index date until death, emigration, or end of study on 31 December 2022. Analyses were also stratified by CKD patients with T2D and non-diabetes (T1D and gestational diabetes excluded), respectively. Risks were estimated as event rates per 1000 patient-years. The proportion of patients on/off treatment were estimates as a function of time and divided into pre- vs. post-index. Results: In 2022 the prevalent cohort of 16,380 CKD stage 3-4 patients, represented a prevalence of 6.2% in the total background population of 263,383 individuals. The 12,129 incident Stage 3-4 CKD patients had a median eGFR of 55 ml/min/1.73 m2 , similar in both non-T2D and T2D. Most patients were non-T2D; 73% (n = 8859). At index, 1.7% had a CKD diagnosis, lower in non-T2D (1.0%) vs T2D (3.5%) patients. The use of urine albumin creatinine ratio (UACR) was generally very low (21% had a measurement), 9% in the non-T2D and 53% in the T2D patients. Non-T2D, compared to T2D patients, were similar in age (76 vs 75 years) and had slightly less comorbidities like HF (12% vs 18%), myocardial infarction (9% vs 14%), stroke (15% vs 16%), atrial fibrillation (21% vs 25%) and less treated with statins (38% vs 64%). During follow-up, 10% had died within 1-year (97 deaths per 1000 patient years), similar in non-T2D (95 deaths per 1000 patient years) and T2D patients (104 deaths per 1000 patient years). One year risk of any hospitalization was also high, 49% and 64%, respectively. The use of kidney-protective treatments (renin angiotensin system inhibitor [RASi] or SGLT2i) at index (date of incident CKD) was lower in patients without T2D (47%) compared to those with T2D (69%). No change was observed in their use in the 12 months after incident CKD (Fig.). Finally, when studying the proportion of all non-T2D patients receiving SGLT2i after approval for CKD treatment, less than 1% of all CKD patients in the study group were treated with SGLT2i on 31st December 2022. Conclusion: This study shows that CKD stage 3-4 is highly prevalent in Finland. Newly detected CKD stage 3-4 patients were little diagnosed and the use of UACR was low, especially among those who were non-diabetic. More than 2 out of 3 CKD patients were non-diabetic. Importantly, these non-diabetic CKD patients had similarly high disease burden, similar high risk of dying and had less kidney/cardiovascular prevention compared to those with T2D. The high mortality risks, substantial kidney-protective treatment inertia and UACR underutilization in stage 3-4 CKD patients all call for an urgent need for improved awareness and risk management, especially in the larger group of non-T2D.
Practical weight management to minimize pregnancy complications and promote women's health: the possibility of interpregnancy care; Pregnancy is an excellent opportunity to provide medical interventions to women. It is also a stress test used to predict health. Numerous studies have demonstrated that the pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are critical factors for pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), large or small gestational age infants, and spontaneous preterm birth (sPTB). These complications are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), which is a leading cause of mortality in women. In addition, complications adversely affect the short- and long-term prognoses of children. Optimal GWG to reduce complications is recommended based on pre-pregnancy BMI; however, racial differences should also be noted. The values in the Japanese guidelines are lower than those in the American Institute of Medicine guidelines. The Asian BMI thresholds for CVD risk are also lower than those in Europe. Therefore, weight management should be based on racial/genetic background. Interpregnancy weight gain or loss has also been reported to be associated with the risk of pregnancy complications; however, few studies have been conducted in Asian populations. Our previous reports suggested that avoiding an excess of 0.6 kg/m2/year of annual BMI gain may reduce the risk of HDP or GDM, and insufficient gain of < 0.25 kg/m2/year may increase sPTB recurrence. Annual BMI is useful for practical weight control during interpregnancy. Based on these findings, effective approaches should be established to improve the health of women and their offspring.
Cardiovascular Disease in Hispanic Women: JACC Review Topic of the Week; Cardiovascular disease affects 37% of Hispanic women and is the leading cause of death among Hispanic women in the United States. Hispanic women have a higher burden of cardiovascular risk factors, are disproportionally affected by social determinants of health, and face additional barriers related to immigration, such as discrimination, language proficiency, and acculturation. Despite this, Hispanic women show lower rates of cardiovascular disease and mortality compared with non-Hispanic White women. However, this “Hispanic paradox” is challenged by recent studies that account for the diversity in culture, race, genetic background, country of origin, and social determinants of health within Hispanic subpopulations. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanic women, emphasizing the role of social determinants, and proposes a multipronged approach for equitable care.
Role of Fetal Cardiac ECHO and Fetal Cardiac MRI in Prediction of Post Natal Hemodynamic Maladaptation in Fetuses of Diabetic Mothers; Background: Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is defined as a degree of glucose intolerance with recognition during pregnancy (pregestational or gestational, type 1 or type 2), and it is estimated to be 15% in pregnant females in 2019. The current study aimed to study the role of fetal echocardiography and fetal cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in anticipation and diagnosis of hemodynamic maladaptation changes in fetuses of diabetic mothers as predictors for (closure of Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), persistent pulmonary hypertension and diastolic dysfunction) which were confirmed with post-natal echocardiographic and clinical assessment. Methods: This study was an observational follow-up study that included 80 pregnant diabetic females who were following in the specialized clinics of Ain Shams University Hospitals during the period starting from August 2020 till December 2022. Results: Diabetes affected left ventricle (LV) diastolic function and global cardiac function but did not affect LV systolic function (p-value=0.000). Interventricular septum (IVS) thickness had a significant positive correlation with LV-Myocardial performance index (MPI) and indices of DM such as HbA1c. Diastolic dysfunction was the most affected cardiac parameter in infants of diabetic mothers (p-value=0.002). The hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) was the most significant predictor for IVS thickness in diabetic mothers' fetuses, especially with a long duration of DM (p-value=0.012). Conclusion: Fetal echocardiography in diabetic mothers is essential and the gold standard modality not only for diagnosing structural abnormalities but also for evaluating the cardiac function of the fetuses. Fetal cardiac MRI could be considered a complementary imaging modality that uses no ionizing radiation, good tissue contrast, and a larger field of view.
A novel score to predict left ventricular recovery in peripartum cardiomyopathy derived from the ESC EORP Peripartum Cardiomyopathy Registry; Background and Aims: There are no established clinical tools to predict left ventricular (LV) recovery in women with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). Using data from women enrolled in the ESC EORP PPCM Registry, the aim was to derive a prognostic model to predict LV recovery at 6 months and develop the 'ESC EORP PPCM Recovery Score' - a tool for clinicians to estimate the probability of LV recovery. Methods: From 2012 to 2018, 752 women from 51 countries were enrolled. Eligibility included (i) a peripartum state, (ii) signs or symptoms of heart failure, (iii) LV ejection fraction (LVEF) ≤ 45%, and (iv) exclusion of alternative causes of heart failure. The model was derived using data from participants in the Registry and internally validated using bootstrap methods. The outcome was LV recovery (LVEF ≥50%) at six months. An integer score was created. Results: Overall, 465 women had a 6-month echocardiogram. LV recovery occurred in 216 (46.5%). The final model included baseline LVEF, baseline LV end diastolic diameter, human development index (a summary measure of a country's social and economic development), duration of symptoms, QRS duration and pre-eclampsia. The model was well-calibrated and had good discriminatory ability (C-statistic 0.79, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.74-0.83). The model was internally validated (optimism-corrected C-statistic 0.78, 95% CI 0.73-0.82). Conclusions: A model which accurately predicts LV recovery at 6 months in women with PPCM was derived. The corresponding ESC EORP PPCM Recovery Score can be easily applied in clinical practice to predict the probability of LV recovery for an individual in order to guide tailored counselling and treatment.
Inflammatory, Metabolic and Endothelial Biomarkers Before and After Pregnancy Complications; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), and preterm birth (PTB) have excess cardiovascular disease compared to those with uncomplicated births, perhaps related to pre-pregnancy inflammation, dysmetabolism or endothelial dysfunction. We included 1238 women in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults Study (1985-2011) with 2215 births classified according to outcomes (term, uncomplicated births were the referent). Repeated measures ANOVA estimated pre-pregnancy, post-pregnancy and biomarker change according to pregnancy outcomes, adjusted for confounders. GDM and HDP groups had higher pre-pregnancy hsCRP (+0.37 [0.08, 0.65]; +0.29 [0.04, 0.55] log mg/L), leptin (+0.29 [0.09, 0.50]; +0.37 [0.17, 0.56] log ng/ml), and lower adiponectin (-0.25 [-0.36, -0.13); -0.11 [-0.22, -0.01] log ng/ml) than those with uncomplicated births and these profiles persisted in magnitude post-pregnancy. Controlling for BMI attenuated most profiles, except lower pre-pregnancy adiponectin remained associated with GDM. PTB without HDP or GDM was related to lower pre-pregnancy hsCRP and sICAM-1 (-0.31 [-0.56, -0.06] log mg/L; -0.05 [-0.09, - 0.01] log ng/ml) and a larger leptin increase from pre- to post-pregnancy, (+0.20 [0.02, 0.37] log ng/ml). Pre-pregnancy inflammation and metabolic dysfunction contributed to GDM and HDP, perhaps due to higher BMI. PTB may be related to adverse metabolic changes post-pregnancy, though the unexpected endothelial biomarker profile warrants further study.
Threats of per- and poly-fluoroalkyl pollutants to susceptible populations; Environmental exposure to per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) has raised significant global health concerns due to potential hazards in healthy adults. However, the impact of PFAS on susceptible populations, including pregnant individuals, newborns, the older people, and those with underlying health conditions, has been overlooked. These susceptible groups often have physiological changes that make them less resilient to the same exposures. Consequently, there is an urgent need for a comprehensive understanding of the health risks posed by PFAS exposure to these populations. In this review, we delve into the potential health risks of PFAS exposure in these susceptible populations. Equally important, we also examine and discuss the molecular mechanisms that underlie this susceptibility. These mechanisms include the induction of oxidative stress, disruption of the immune system, impairment of cellular metabolism, and alterations in gut microbiota, all of which contribute to the enhanced toxicity of PFAS in susceptible populations. Finally, we address the primary research challenges and unresolved issues that require further investigation. This discussion aims to foster research for a better understanding of how PFAS affect susceptible populations and to pave the way for strategies to minimize their adverse effects.
Safety of low weight gain or weight loss in pregnancies with class 1, 2, and 3 obesity: a population-based cohort study; Background: There are concerns that current gestational weight gain recommendations for women with obesity are too high and that guidelines should differ on the basis of severity of obesity. In this study we investigated the safety of gestational weight gain below current recommendations or weight loss in pregnancies with obesity, and evaluated whether separate guidelines are needed for different obesity classes. Methods: In this population-based cohort study, we used electronic medical records from the Stockholm–Gotland Perinatal Cohort study to identify pregnancies with obesity (early pregnancy BMI before 14 weeks' gestation ≥30 kg/m2) among singleton pregnancies that delivered between Jan 1, 2008, and Dec 31, 2015. The pregnancy records were linked with Swedish national health-care register data up to Dec 31, 2019. Gestational weight gain was calculated as the last measured weight before or at delivery minus early pregnancy weight (at <14 weeks' gestation), and standardised for gestational age into z-scores. We used Poisson regression to assess the association of gestational weight gain z-score with a composite outcome of: stillbirth, infant death, large for gestational age and small for gestational age at birth, preterm birth, unplanned caesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, excess postpartum weight retention, and new-onset longer-term maternal cardiometabolic disease after pregnancy, weighted to account for event severity. We calculated rate ratios (RRs) for our composite adverse outcome along the weight gain z-score continuum, compared with a reference of the current lower limit for gestational weight gain recommended by the US Institute of Medicine (IOM; 5 kg at term). RRs were adjusted for confounding factors (maternal age, height, parity, early pregnancy BMI, early pregnancy smoking status, prepregnancy cardiovascular disease or diabetes, education, cohabitation status, and Nordic country of birth). Findings: Our cohort comprised 15 760 pregnancies with obesity, followed up for a median of 7·9 years (IQR 5·8–9·4). 11 667 (74·0%) pregnancies had class 1 obesity, 3160 (20·1%) had class 2 obesity, and 933 (5·9%) had class 3 obesity. Among these pregnancies, 1623 (13·9%), 786 (24·9%), and 310 (33·2%), respectively, had weight gain during pregnancy below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation (5 kg). In pregnancies with class 1 or 2 obesity, gestational weight gain values below the lower limit of the IOM recommendation or weight loss did not increase risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, at weight gain z-score –2·4, corresponding to 0 kg at 40 weeks: adjusted RR 0·97 [95% CI 0·89–1·06] in obesity class 1 and 0·96 [0·86–1·08] in obesity class 2). In pregnancies with class 3 obesity, weight gain values below the IOM limit or weight loss were associated with reduced risk of the adverse composite outcome (eg, adjusted RR 0·81 [0·71–0·89] at weight gain z-score –2·4, or 0 kg). Interpretation: Our findings support calls to lower or remove the lower limit of current IOM recommendations for pregnant women with obesity, and suggest that separate guidelines for class 3 obesity might be warranted. Funding: Karolinska Institutet and the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.
Impact of an Impaired Maternal–Fetal Environment on Death in Children With Congenital Heart Defects Undergoing Surgery in Denmark From 1994 to 2018; BACKGROUND: Studies show that an impaired maternal–fetal environment (iMFE) increases the mortality risk in children with single-ventricle congenital heart defects (CHDs). We investigated the impact of an iMFE on death in children with various surgically corrected CHDs. METHODS AND RESULTS: In this nationwide register-based study, we examined the association between an iMFE (including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and death in a large cohort of children with surgically corrected CHDs in Denmark (1994–2018). Survival analysis was done using Cox regression, adjusted for confounding and mediating covariates. The cohort included 3304 children: 1662 (50.3%) with minor CHD and 1642 (49.7%) with major CHD. Among them, 792 (24%) children were exposed to an iMFE. During the study, there were 290 deaths: 71 (9.3%) in children exposed to an iMFE and 219 (8.7%) in those unexposed. There were no differences in mortality risk between children with CHD exposed to an iMFE and those unexposed (hazard ratio [HR], 1.12 [95% CI, 0.86–1.47]; P=0.4). This was consistent across subgroups, including minor CHD (HR, 0.76 [95% CI, 0.39–1.47]; P=0.4), major CHD (HR, 1.23 [95% CI, 0.92–1.64]; P=0.2), and hypoplastic left heart syndrome/univentricular heart (HR, 1.08 [95% CI, 0.64–1.85]; P=0.8). CONCLUSIONS: Impairment of the maternal–fetal environment did not impact the mortality rate in children with CHD undergoing operation in Denmark from 1994 to 2018. We believe the cause of these discrepant findings to previous studies may be due to differences in the composition of CHD and prenatal maternal health care and health status of the population.
Safety monitoring of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine among pregnant persons in the vaccine adverse event reporting System – United States, September 1, 2022 – March 31, 2023; Background: Pregnant persons are at increased risk of severe COVID-19 illness. Bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination is recommended for everyone, including pregnant persons. However, data are limited on the safety of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination during pregnancy. Objective: To evaluate and summarize reports to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), a national spontaneous reporting system, among pregnant persons who received bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine. Methods: VAERS U.S. reports of adverse events (AEs) in pregnant persons who received the bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine from 9/1/2022–03/31/2023 were identified. Clinicians reviewed all reports and available medical records. AEs of these reports were compared with AEs reported to VAERS following monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination in pregnancy. Results: VAERS received 136 reports for pregnant persons who received bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccine; 87 (64 %) after BNT162b2 (Pfizer-BioNTech), and 48 (35 %) after mRNA-1273 (Moderna); 28 (20.6 %) reports were classified as serious. The most common pregnancy-specific outcomes reported included 12 (8.8 %) spontaneous abortions (<20 weeks gestation), 6 (4.4 %) episodes of preterm delivery, and 5 (3.7 %) reports of preeclampsia. One stillbirth (≥20 weeks gestation) was reported. No maternal or infant deaths were reported. There were 6 reports of AEs in infants, which included 3 reports of admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit: two infants with low birth weight, and one infant with a patent ductus arteriosus and patent foramen ovale. Non-pregnancy-specific adverse events were mostly COVID-19 infection and systemic reactions (e.g., headache, fatigue). Pregnancy-specific conditions were reported less frequently after bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination compared to monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination (3rd and 4th dose). Conclusions: Based on this review of reports to VAERS, the safety profile of bivalent mRNA COVID-19 vaccination in pregnant persons was comparable to that observed for monovalent mRNA COVID-19 booster vaccination (3rd and 4th dose) in pregnant persons.
THIRTY-DAY CARDIOVASCULAR COMPLICATIONS AFTER DELIVERY IN INDIVIDUALS WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; Background Individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications and longterm risks of diabetes and cardiovascular (CV) disease. However, data on 30-day readmission peripartum CV complications remain limited. Methods We used data from the Nationwide Readmission Database (2015-2020). ICD-9 or -10 codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GDM diagnoses. Results A total of 9,200,108 hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 8.1% of individuals had GDM (n=743,558). A total of 20,394 (2.7%) individuals with index hospitalization diagnoses of GDM were readmitted within 30 days of discharge. Readmission rates for preeclampsia (32.2% vs. 25.1%) and peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) (2.7% vs. 2.3%) were significantly higher for GDM compared with individuals without GDM. After adjustment for age, mode of admission, income, insurance, chronic hypertension, heart failure, obesity, dyslipidemia, smoking, preterm birth, stillborn, and Cesarean delivery on index admission, GDM remained independently associated with 30-day readmission for preeclampsia (Odds ratio (OR) 1.38, (1.34-1.42) and PPCM (OR 1.23, (1.12-1.35). Conclusion Individuals with GDM face a heightened risk of 30-day CV readmission with preeclampsia and PPCM. This high-risk population necessitates meticulous postpartum care strategies to proactively mitigate the occurrence of these readmissions. [Formula presented]
ATHEROSCLEROTIC CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE (ASCVD) BIOMARKERS 5 - 10 YEARS AFTER CHILDBIRTH: ASSOCIATION WITH HYPERTENSIVE DISORDERS OF PREGNANCY; Background Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy(HDP) are associated with future cardiovascular disease; mechanisms are not well defined. We examined the association between ASCVD biomarkers and HDP 5-10 years after childbirth. Methods Secondary analysis of the NICHD MFMU Network Gestational Diabetes (GDM) Trial Follow-Up study. Participants were recruited and biospecimens obtained 5-10 years after the original trial of a dietary intervention for mild GDM. Patients were included in this analysis if a biospecimen was available and HDP status was known. We compared patients who experienced HDP to normotensive controls (NC). Outcomes included ASCVD serum biomarkers Apolipoprotein B(ApoB), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein(hs-CRP), and creatinine. Generalized linear models were used to compare concentrations between groups. Results Of 740 participants, 78 had HDP. Mean duration to follow up was 7.1±1.3 years for both groups. Unadjusted means of each biomarker were not different between groups. After adjusting for obesity, serum creatinine was elevated in HDP (0.78 95%CI (0.74, 0.84)) vs NC (0.72 95%CI (0.70, 0.74)), p= 0.02. Adjusted means for Apo-B between HDP and NC were 67.6, (95%CI (62.8, 72.4)) and 64.1 (95%CI (62.5, 65.8)), (p=0.18), and for hs-CRP were 2.92 (95%CI (2.22, 3.63)) and 2.79 (95%CI (2.54, 3.04)), (p=0.72) (Figure). Conclusion In patients with HDP compared to normotensive controls, serum creatinine, but not ApoB or hs-CRP, was modestly elevated within 10 years of childbirth. [Formula presented]
HISTORY OF ADVERSE PREGNANCY OUTCOMES IN WOMEN WITH ANGINA AND CORONARY VASCULAR DYSFUNCTION; Background Women with angina and no obstructive coronary artery disease (ANOCA) often have coronary vascular dysfunction (epicardial or microvascular) and an increased risk of cardiovascular events. While Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (APOs) are emerging as strong risk factors for heart disease in women, the relationship between APOs and ANOCA is not well described. Methods Symptomatic women with ANOCA (defined as <50% stenosis) enrolled in the Angina Study between 2022-2023 at Emory were included (n=25). 96% had coronary function testing (CFT) to diagnose endothelium and non-endothelium dependent vascular dysfunction. Baseline demographics and past medical history, including self-reported APOs history were collected. APOs were defined as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and low birth weight. Descriptive statistics were performed between those with and without APOs. Results Mean age was 60±11 years, with 68% hypertension, 20% diabetes, and 52% hyperlipidemia. All subjects with CFT had coronary endothelial dysfunction based on abnormal acetylcholine response. Fifteen out of 25 subjects (60%) reported APOs: 32% had gestational hypertension, 24% had eclampsia/preeclampsia, and 28% had gestational diabetes, compared to U.S. rates of 13%, 5%, and 8%, respectively. A history of preterm birth was also remarkably prevalent at 40% and 16% had low birth weight pregnancies. Coronary flow reserve (CFR) was lower in the APOs vs. Non-APOs group (2.1±0.9 vs. 2.9±1.3, p=0.14). Conclusion History of APOs is prevalent in women with ANOCA who have coronary endothelial dysfunction diagnosed by CFT. Further investigation of common mechanistic pathways that contribute to APOs and ANOCA in women is needed.
ASSOCIATION OF DIABETES AND CYANOTIC CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE IN THE USA; Background Cyanotic Congenital heart defects (CCHDs) account for 25% of all Congenital heart diseases (CHD) and they are a leading cause of death in infants. Maternal diabetes (DM) is a strong risk factor for all types of CHDs. Methods We performed a cross-sectional analysis of maternal and fetal data for all live births in the United States from 2016 to 2021(N= 22,669,736) using natality data provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC WONDER). Results Incidence of CCHD in USA during the period 2016 to 2021 was 6 per 10,000 live deliveries. Of these, 7426 were males and 6119 females. The incidence of CCHD remained stable throughout the data collection period with no statistically significant change between 2016 and 2021. The prevalence of pregestational DM and incidence of gestational DM were 1.0% and 7.0%. The prevalence of pregestational DM (0.86% to 1.05%) and incidence of gestational DM (5.9% to 8.3%) both increased significantly from 2016 through 2021, p<0.001. The prevalence of chronic tobacco usage prior to pregnancy and during the first trimester was 7.9% and 6.5%, respectively. The prevalence of chronic hypertension and incidence of gestational hypertension were 2.2% and 7.5%, respectively. Proportion of women who needed fertility treatment (drugs and/assisted technology) was 2.0%. Incidence of preeclampsia and gestational infections was 0.3% and 2.7%, respectively. The median (IQR) for BMI, birthweight, gestational age, maternal age, and paternal age were 27.2(22.3 - 30.8), 3299 gm (2960-3629), 39 weeks (38-40), 29 years (25-33), 31years (27-36). In multivariate models controlling for smoking, sex of baby, maternal and paternal age, obesity, gestational and pregestational hypertension, birthweight, race of mother, history of previous preterm delivery, the risk ratio for incident CCHD was 4.2(3.9-4.8) and 1.5(1.4-1.6) among women with pregestational and gestational DM. Conclusion Screening for gestational DM occurs between 24-28 weeks, a large part of cardiac development has already happened. So, Identification of high-risk pregnancies is crucial as both pregestational and gestational DM have been associated with CCHD
Peripartum Pharmacotherapy: A Pharmacist’s Guide; Complications throughout the peripartum period may be caused by preexisting conditions or pregnancy-induced conditions and may alter pharmacotherapy management. Pharmacotherapy management during late pregnancy and delivery requires careful consideration due to changing hormones, hemodynamic status, and pharmacokinetics, and concerns for potential maternal and/or fetal morbidity. Increased maternal and fetal monitoring are often required and may lead to therapy changes. Pharmacists, as key members of the interprofessional team, can contribute essential perspective to the management of postpartum pharmacotherapy through assessment and recommendation of appropriate and judicious use of medications.
Nonreassuring fetal status during labor and offspring's childhood neurodevelopment at 3 years of age: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; Objective: Although prior attempts have failed to identify the beneficial effects of intensive fetal monitoring on cerebral palsy, the association between nonreassuring fetal status (NRFS) during labor and the incidence of long-term neurodevelopmental delays in offspring remains unclear. This study aimed to evaluate this association using a nationwide birth cohort. Methods: Data from 72 869 women with singleton deliveries at and after 37 weeks of gestation from the Japan Environment and Children's Study (2011–2014) were analyzed. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to analyze the odds ratios (ORs) for neurodevelopmental delays using the Ages & Stages Questionnaire (Third Edition) in offspring aged 3 years. Results: The adjusted ORs for personal–social problems were 1.52 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06–2.16) for offspring delivered vaginally by nulliparous mothers and 1.51 (95% CI, 1.05–2.18) (for males, 1.70 [95% CI, 1.15–2.50]) for those delivered via cesarean section. No significant changes in adjusted ORs for neurodevelopmental delays were observed among participants without neonatal Apgar scores (ASs) <7 and without umbilical arterial pH (UmA-pH) <7.20. Conclusion: NRFS during labor was associated with an increased incidence of personal–social problems in offspring aged 3 years. However, this association was not confirmed after excluding participants with neonatal ASs <7 and UmA-pH <7.20. The association between NRFS and offspring's neurodevelopmental delays might vary based on delivery settings, offspring sex, and short-term neonatal outcomes.
The Effect of Reflexology on the Size of 1-Hour Postpartum Hemorrhage in Nulliparous Women: A Quasi-experimental Clinical Trial; Objectives: Pregnancy and childbirth are physiological and exciting processes in the life of every woman and family. Although the experience of childbirth is inherently unpredictable, it should be a positive event with minimal risk. Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) is a complication of labor that requires effective preventive interventions, especially in low-income countries. Although maternal mortality has decreased in recent decades in developing and developed countries due to adopting preventive policies, the number of maternal deaths in these countries is still a concerning issue. Reflexology affects physiological and psychological stimuli. Various studies have been performed on the effect of chemical and herbal medicines on reducing PPH. Due to the importance of controlling PPH in the life of mother and child, this study aimed to investigate the effect of reflexology on reducing PPH in comparison with routine hospital care. Methods: This was a quasi-experimental clinical trial. A total of 88 research samples, nulliparous women referring to selected hospitals in Isfahan for vaginal delivery, were selected using convenience random sampling method with the inclusion criteria and then were randomly divided into two groups. The instrument of this study was a questionnaire consisting of three parts: 1. Personal characteristics (demographic characteristics and gestational age), 2. Characteristics and consequences of delivery (PPH and vital signs in the first hour after delivery (fourth stage of labor)), 3. Used instrument to measure PPH (ruler). Results: The results showed no significant difference between the studied subjects regarding demographic characteristics and gestational age. The difference in hemorrhage rate between the two groups was statistically significant. The difference in mean pulse rate (P = 0.003), and systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the first 15 minutes after delivery (P= 0.005, P = 0.003) was significant. However, the difference in the mean of these scales in 16-60 minutes and the criteria of temperature and respiratory rate in 0-60 minutes after delivery was not significant. Conclusions: According to the results of this study, reflexology not only can have a direct effect on reducing the duration of labor but also indirectly affect the reduction of PPH. The results of reviewing the maternal vital signs are a relative confirmation of this effect. Therefore, considering the safety of the reflexology method, it can be substituted for drug methods that mostly have side effects.
Ultra-processed foods and incident cardiovascular disease and hypertension in middle-aged women; Purpose: Ultra-processed food (UPF) intake has increased in recent decades, yet limited knowledge of long-term effects on cardiovascular health persists and sex-specific data is scant. We determined the association of UPF intake with incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or hypertension in a population-based cohort of women. Methods: In the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women’s Health, women aged 50–55 years were prospectively followed (2001–2016). UPFs were identified using NOVA classification and contribution of these foods to total dietary intake by weight was estimated. Primary endpoint was incident CVD (self-reported heart disease/stroke). Secondary endpoints were self-reported hypertension, all-cause mortality, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and/or obesity. Logistic regression models assessed associations between UPF intake and incident CVD, adjusting for socio-demographic, medical comorbidities, and dietary variables. Results: We included 10,006 women (mean age 52.5 ± 1.5; mean UPF intake 26.6 ± 10.2% of total dietary intake), with 1038 (10.8%) incident CVD, 471 (4.7%) deaths, and 4204 (43.8%) hypertension cases over 15 years of follow-up. In multivariable-adjusted models, the highest [mean 42.0% total dietary intake] versus the lowest [mean 14.2% total dietary intake] quintile of UPF intake was associated with higher incident hypertension [odds ratio (OR) 1.39, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.10–1.74; p = 0.005] with a linear trend (ptrend = 0.02), but not incident CVD [OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.92–1.61; p = 0.16] or all-cause mortality (OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.54–1.20; p = 0.28). Similar results were found after multiple imputations for missing values. Conclusion: In women, higher UPF intake was associated with increased hypertension, but not incident CVD. These findings may support minimising UPFs within a healthy diet for women.
Lifetime Duration of Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk in Women With Type 2 Diabetes or a History of Gestational Diabetes: Findings From Two Large Prospective Cohorts; OBJECTIVE Breastfeeding duration is inversely associated with risks of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes in parous women. However, the association among women at high risk, including women with type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unclear. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 15,146 parous women with type 2 diabetes from the Nurses’ Health StudyIandII(NHS,NHSII)and4,537womenwithahistoryofGDMfromNHSII.Participants reported history of breastfeeding via follow-up questionnaires. Incident CVD by 2017 comprised stroke or coronary heart disease (CHD) (myocardial infarction, coronary revascularization). Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) and 95% CIs were estimated using Cox models. RESULTS We documented 1,159 incident CVD cases among women with type 2 diabetes in both cohorts during 188,874 person-years of follow-up and 132 incident CVD cases among women with a GDM history during 100,218 person-years of follow-up. Longer lifetime duration of breastfeeding was significantly associated with lower CVD risk among women with type 2 diabetes, with pooled aHR of 0.68 (95% CI 0.54–0.85) for >18 months versus 0 months and 0.94 (0.91–0.98) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Similar associations were observed with CHD (pooled aHR 0.93 [0.88–0.97]) but not with stroke (0.96 [0.91–1.02]) per 6-month increment in breastfeeding. Among women with GDM history, >18 months versus 0 months of breastfeeding wasassociatedwithanaHRof0.49(0.28–0.86) for total CVD. CONCLUSIONS Longer duration of breastfeeding was associated with lower risk of CVD in women with type 2 diabetes or GDM.
Investigation of serum asprosin level in gestational diabetes mellitus and examination of neonatal outcome; Aim: Our aim in this study is to investigate serum asprosin levels in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) patients and to examine the neonatal outcomes of these patients. Material and Methods: Pregnant women between the ages of 24/0–28/6 weeks who came to our clinic between June 2021 and February 2022 for an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were included in the study. The patients were divided into two groups based on the findings of the OGTT: the GDM group (n = 52) and the control group (n = 31). All patients’ serum values for asprosin, triglycerides, HDL, LDL, total cholesterol, and insulin were examined. To measure the difference in asprosin level between trimesters, it was studied for the second time in all patients between 32 and 36 weeks. Results: The GDM group’s elevated HbA1c was statistically significant when analyzed alongside the control group. The newborns in the GDM group were measured as longer than the infants in the control group. The infants in the GDM group had a lower 5-minute APGAR score. The first aprosin value was substantially lower in the GDM group than in the control group. There was no variation in the second asprosin value among the groups. There was no discernible link between serum asprosin levels and the outcomes of newborns. Discussion: No correlation was observed between serum asprosin levels, GDM and neonatal outcomes. It would be beneficial to conduct more extensive studies on this subject.
Increased risk of cardiovascular and renal disease, and diabetes for all women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus in New Zealand—A national retrospective cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The aim of this study is to compare cardiometabolic and renal outcomes for all women in New Zealand with gestational diabetes (2001–2010) with women without diabetes, 10–20 years following delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study, utilizing a national dataset providing information for all women who gave birth between 1 January 2001 and 31 December 2010 (n = 604 398). Adolescent girls <15 years, women ≥50 years and women with prepregnancy diabetes were excluded. In total 11 459 women were diagnosed with gestational diabetes and 11 447 were matched (for age and year of delivery) with 57 235 unexposed (control) women. A national hospital dataset was used to compare primary outcomes until 31 May 2021. Results: After controlling for ethnicity, women with gestational diabetes were significantly more likely than control women to develop diabetes—adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 20.06 and 95% confidence interval (CI) 18.46–21.79; a first cardiovascular event 2.19 (1.86–2.58); renal disease 6.34 (5.35–7.51) and all-cause mortality 1.55 (1.31–1.83), all p values <.0001. The HR and 95% CI remained similar after controlling for significant covariates: diabetes 18.89 (17.36–20.56), cardiovascular events 1.79 (1.52–2.12), renal disease 5.42 (4.55–6.45), and all-cause mortality 1.44 (1.21–1.70). When time-dependent diabetes was added to the model, significance remained for cardiovascular events 1.33 (1.10–1.61), p =.003 and renal disease 2.33 (1.88–2.88), p <.0001 but not all-cause mortality. Conclusions: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of adverse cardiometabolic and renal outcomes. Findings highlight the importance of follow-up screening for diabetes, cardiovascular risk factors, and renal disease. (Figure presented.).
IGF-1 and IGF-2 as Molecules Linked to Causes and Consequences of Obesity from Fetal Life to Adulthood: A Systematic Review; This study examines the impact of insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF-2) on various aspects of children’s health—from the realms of growth and puberty to the nuanced characteristics of metabolic syndrome, diabetes, liver pathology, carcinogenic potential, and cardiovascular disorders. A comprehensive literature review was conducted using PubMed, with a Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) method employing specific keywords related to child health, obesity, and insulin-like growth factors. This study reveals associations between insulin-like growth factor 1 and birth weight, early growth, and adiposity. Moreover, insulin-like growth factors play a pivotal role in regulating bone development and height during childhood, with potential implications for puberty onset. This research uncovers insulin-like growth factor 1 and insulin-like growth factor 2 as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets for metabolic dysfunction-associated liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, and it also highlights the association between insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) and cancer. Additionally, this research explores the impact of insulin-like growth factors on cardiovascular health, noting their role in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Insulin-like growth factors play vital roles in human physiology, influencing growth and development from fetal stages to adulthood. The impact of maternal obesity on children’s IGF levels is complex, influencing growth and carrying potential metabolic consequences. Imbalances in IGF levels are linked to a range of health conditions (e.g., insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes), prompting researchers to seek novel therapies and preventive strategies, offering challenges and opportunities in healthcare.
Sarcoidosis in pregnancy; Key content:: Sarcoidosis is an uncommon multi-system disorder characterised by the presence of non-caseating granulomas. It has a peak incidence between the ages of 20–40 years old. The pathogenesis of sarcoidosis is uncertain; however, it is known to be associated with an exaggerated T helper 1 (TH1) immune response leading to systemic inflammation and granuloma formation. Suppression in TH1 responses in pregnancy leads to disease remission in the majority of pregnancies. Nevertheless, the potential for decompensation in a subgroup remains, and consideration should be given to the pre-pregnancy state. Sarcoidosis is associated with increased risk of maternal-fetal morbidity, including growth restriction and pre-eclampsia. Clinical management should focus on medication optimisation and mitigation of this increased risk. Learning objectives:: To understand the clinical features, pathogenesis and diagnosis of sarcoidosis. To understand the effect of pregnancy on sarcoidosis. To understand the effect of sarcoidosis on pregnancy and the related obstetric outcomes. To understand the management of sarcoidosis in pregnancy. Ethical issues:: There can be difficulties in appropriate management of medical disorders, such as sarcoidosis, with a limited obstetric evidence base. There are challenges in decision-making regarding continuation of pregnancy in severe disease with an uncertain evidence base.
Exercise FITT-V during pregnancy: Association with birth outcomes; Background: Prenatal exercise improves birth outcomes, but research into exercise dose–response effects is limited. Methods: This study is a retrospective, secondary analysis of pooled data from three blinded, prospective, randomized controlled trials. Prenatal exercise frequency, intensity, type, time, and volume (FITT-V) were assessed in supervised sessions throughout pregnancy. Gestational age (GA), neonatal resting heart rate (rHR), morphometrics (body circumferences, weight-to-length and ponderal index) Apgar and reflex scores, and placental measures were obtained at birth. Stepwise regressions and Pearson correlations determined associations between FITT-V and birth outcomes. Results: Prenatal exercise frequency reduces ponderal index (R2 = 0.15, F = 2.76, p =.05) and increased total number of reflexes present at birth (R2 = 0.24, F = 7.89, p <.001), while exercise intensity was related to greater gestational age and birth length (R2 = 0.08, F = 3.14; R2 = 0.12, F = 3.86, respectively; both p =.04); exercise weekly volume was associated with shorter hospital stay (R2 = 0.24, F = 4.73, p =.01). Furthermore, exercise type was associated with placenta size (R2 = 0.47, F = 3.51, p =.01). Conclusions: Prenatal exercise is positively related to birth and placental outcomes in a dose-dependent manner.
Growth and Neurodevelopmental Outcomes of Preterm Infants Born < 26 Weeks Gestation before and after Implementation of a Nutrition-Care Bundle; Background: This study aimed to assess the impact of a nutrition-care bundle on growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes of micro-preterm infants born in a level III neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) by two years corrected age. Methods: A nutrition-care bundle emphasizing the prompt initiation of parenteral nutrition at birth, initiation of enteral feeds within 6 h after birth, and early addition of human milk fortifiers was implemented in 2015 for infants born < 26 weeks gestation. This before-and-after study evaluated growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes in infants born between 2012–2013 (before-nutrition-bundle, BNB) and 2016–2017 (after-nutrition-bundle, ANB). Results: A total of 145 infants were included in the study. Infants in the ANB group (n = 73) were smaller (birthweight and gestational age), and there were more male infants and multiples included compared to the BNB group (n = 72). Enteral feeds and fortifiers started earlier in the ANB group. Growth velocity and weight z-score changes were similar in both groups during NICU stay and post-discharge. Systemic steroid use, but not cohort, was linked to lower Bayley scores across all domains. Conclusions: Implementing a nutrition-care bundle was not consistently associated with improved weight gain and neurodevelopmental outcomes in the micro-preterm infant population, possibly due to ongoing high-quality nutritional care by the clinical team.
Clinical Decision Analysis of Genetic Evaluation and Testing in 1013 Intensive Care Unit Infants with Congenital Heart Defects Supports Universal Genetic Testing; Extracardiac anomalies (ECAs) are strong predictors of genetic disorders in infants with congenital heart disease (CHD), but there are no prior studies assessing performance of ECA status as a screen for genetic diagnoses in CHD patients. This retrospective cohort study assessed this in our comprehensive inpatient CHD genetics service focusing on neonates and infants admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU). The performance and diagnostic utility of using ECA status to screen for genetic disorders was assessed using decision curve analysis, a statistical tool to assess clinical utility, determining the threshold of phenotypic screening by ECA versus a Test-All approach. Over 24% of infants had genetic diagnoses identified (n = 244/1013), and ECA-positive status indicated a 4-fold increased risk of having a genetic disorder. However, ECA status had low–moderate screening performance based on predictive summary index, a compositive measure of positive and negative predictive values. For those with genetic diagnoses, nearly one-third (32%, 78/244) were ECA-negative but had cytogenetic and/or monogenic disorders identified by genetic testing. Thus, if the presence of multiple congenital anomalies is the phenotypic driver to initiate genetic testing, 13.4% (78/580) of infants with isolated CHD with identifiable genetic causes will be missed. Given the prevalence of genetic disorders and limited screening performance of ECA status, this analysis supports genetic testing in all CHD infants in intensive care settings rather than screening based on ECA.
The Impact of Periodontal Disease on Preterm Birth and Preeclampsia; This review delves into the possible connection between periodontitis and negative pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia and preterm birth. It highlights the potential influence of an unidentified microbial factor on preeclampsia and the effects of inflammatory responses on the rate of preterm births. Furthermore, it underscores the prevalent occurrence of oral ailments within the populace and their significant repercussions on quality of life. Hormonal fluctuations during pregnancy may exacerbate oral conditions such as pregnancy gingivitis and periodontitis, necessitating bespoke therapeutic approaches that take into account potential fetal ramifications. Periodontal disease, characterized by microbial attack and inflammatory response, results in tissue destruction and tooth loss. The oral cavity’s susceptibility to bacterial colonization, which is primarily due to its role as a site for food intake, is highlighted. Furthermore, research indicates a correlation between inflammatory responses and factors such as prostaglandin E2 and IL-1β, and preterm birth. Therapeutic interventions are a focus of international research, with efforts being aimed at optimizing outcomes through larger studies involving pregnant women.
Prenatal and Postnatal Disparities in Very-Preterm Infants in a Study of Infections between 2018–2023 in Southeastern US; Background: The birthrate of Black preterm (BPT) infants is 65% higher than White preterm (WPT) infants with a BPT mortality that is 2.3 times higher. The incidence of culture-positive late-onset sepsis is as high as 41% in very-preterm infants. The main purpose of this study was to examine thermal gradients and the heart rate in relation to the onset of infection. This report presents disparities in very-preterm infection incidence, bacteria, and mortality data amongst BPT and WPT infants. Methods: 367 preterms born at <32 weeks gestational age (GA) between 2019–2023 in five neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) were enrolled to study the onset of infections and dispositions; REDCap data were analyzed for descriptive statistics. Results: The 362 infants for analyses included 227 BPTs (63.7%) and 107 WPTs (29.6%), with 28 infants of other races/ethnicities (Hispanic, Asian, and other), 50.6% female, mean GA of 27.66 weeks, and 985.24 g birthweight. BPT infants averaged 968.56 g at birth (SD 257.50), and 27.68 (SD 2.07) weeks GA, compared to WPT infants with a mean birthweight of 1006.25 g (SD 257.77, p = 0.2313) and 27.67 (SD 2.00, p = 0.982) weeks GA. Of the 426 episodes of suspected infections evaluated across all the enrolled infants, the incidence of early-onset sepsis (EOS) was 1.9%, with BPT infants having 2.50 times higher odds of EOS than WPT infants (p = 0.4130, OR (odds ratio) = 2.50, p_or = 0.408). The overall incidence of late-onset sepsis (LOS) was 10.8%, with LOS in 11.9% of BPT infants versus 9.3% (p = 0.489, OR = 1.21, p_or = 0.637) of WPT infants. BPT infants made up 69.2% of the 39 infants with Gram-positive infections vs. 25.6% for WPT infants; 16 infants had Gram-negative culture-positive infections, with 81.2% being BPT infants versus 18.8% being WPT infants. Of the 27 urinary tract infections, 78% were in BPTs. The necrotizing enterocolitis incidence was 6.9%; the incidence in BPT infants was 7.5% vs. 6.5% in WPT infants. The overall mortality was 8.3%, with BPTs at 8.4% vs. WPT infants at 9.3%, (p = 0.6715). Conclusions: BPTs had a higher rate of positive cultures, double the Gram-negative infections, a much higher rate of urinary tract infections, and a higher rate of mortality than their WPT counterparts. This study emphasizes the higher risk of morbidity and mortality for BPTs.
The pregnancy journey of a patient with end-stage renal disease on hemodialysis: A case study; Pregnancy in patients with end-stage renal disease (ESRD) is considered a very high-risk and is not recommended as it might cause fatal consequences for both the mother and the fetus. Even though chronic kidney disease affects the physiological components of fertility, decreasing the possibility of spontaneous conceptions, unwanted pregnancies still happen, and a small percentage of women with ESRD become pregnant. All women with kidney disease should have access to specialists in renal disease and pregnancy who can support, care for, and monitor them during their pregnancy. We reported a case of a 37-year-old primigravida who has ESRD on hemodialysis. The pregnancy journey was uneasy, but eventually she successfully passed through it. The most challenging issues to treat and manage throughout this pregnancy are anemia, the risks of eclampsia, and uncontrolled hypertension. The management of this patient requires multidisciplinary and shared care monitoring by the nephrologist, obstetrician, and primary care doctor.
Rural/urban disparities in the trends and outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy in delivery hospitalizations; Background: Rural-urban disparities in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are not well known. We examined rural-urban differences in maternal, fetal, and cardiovascular outcomes in PPCM during delivery hospitalizations. Methods: We used 2003-2020 data from the National Inpatient Sample for delivery hospitalizations in individuals with PPCM. The 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases were used to identify PPCM and cardiovascular, maternal, and fetal outcomes. Rural and urban hospitalizations for PPCM were 1:1 propensity score-matched using relevant clinical and sociodemographic variables. Odds of in-hospital mortality were assessed using logistic regression. Results: Among 72,880 delivery hospitalizations with PPCM, 4,571 occurred in rural locations, while 68,309 occurred in urban locations. After propensity matching, there were a total of 4,571 rural-urban pairs. There was significantly higher in-hospital mortality in urban compared to rural hospitalizations (adjusted OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.10-1.89). Urban PPCM hospitalizations had significantly higher cardiogenic shock (2.9% vs. 1.3%), mechanical circulatory support (1.0% vs. 0.6%), cardiac arrest (2.3% vs. 0.9%), and VT/VF (4.5% vs. 2.1%, all p <.05). Additionally, urban PPCM hospitalizations had worse maternal and fetal outcomes as compared to rural hospitalizations, including higher preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, and fetal death (all p<.05). Notably, significantly more rural individuals were transferred to a short-term hospital (including tertiary care centers) compared to urban individuals (13.5% vs. 3.2%, p<.0001). Conclusions: There are significant rural-urban disparities in delivery hospitalizations with PPCM. Worse outcomes were associated with urban hospitalizations, while rural PPCM hospitalizations were associated with increased transfers, suggesting inadequate resources and advanced sickness.
A CLINICAL STUDY ABOUT CUTANEOUS MANIFESTATIONS OF DIABETES MELLITUS: A TERTIARY CARE TEACHING HOSPITAL BASED STUDY; Background: Among endocrine disorders, diabetes mellitus (DM) is the most prevalent. Numerous mucocutaneous symptoms of diabetes mellitus range in severity from minor to fatal, and they frequently signal the start of the disease. Material and Methods: Regardless of the length of their diabetes, 250 consecutive patients with DM who attended the WCMSRH dermatology and medicine OPD throughout a 15-month period and were willing to participate in the study were included. Results: Among the patients, 210 (84.0%) took oral hypoglycemic medications, 10 (4.0%) took insulin, 12 (4.8%) took both, and 18 (7.2%) received no treatment at all. According to the HbA1c values, DM that is uncontrolled is defined as >8%, moderate control as 7.1-8%, and good control as <7%. 122 (48.8%) had uncontrolled diabetes, while 128 (51.2%) had good control. Conclusion: Patients with diabetes mellitus frequently experience mucocutaneous involvement, particularly when their condition is inadequately managed. The length of the diabetes increases the cutaneous symptoms. In diabetic people, appropriate skin care and long-term blood glucose control may improve quality of life and lower the risk of developing various skin lesions.
Intrapartum cardiotocography with simultaneous maternal heart rate registration improves neonatal outcome; Background: Intrapartum cardiotocographic monitoring of fetal heart rate by abdominal external ultrasound transducer without simultaneous maternal heart rate recording has been associated with increased risk of early neonatal death and other asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes. It is unclear, however, whether this increase in risk is independently associated with fetal surveillance method or is attributable to other factors. Objective: This study aimed to compare different fetal surveillance methods and their association with adverse short- and long-term fetal and neonatal outcomes in a large retrospective cohort of spontaneous term deliveries. Study Design: Fetal heart rate and maternal heart rate patterns were recorded by cardiotocography during labor in spontaneous term singleton cephalic vaginal deliveries in the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa, Finland between October 1, 2005, and September 30, 2023. According to the method of cardiotocography monitoring at birth, the cohort was divided into the following 3 groups: women with ultrasound transducer, women with both ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate transducer, and women with internal fetal scalp electrode. Umbilical artery pH and base excess values, low 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, need for intubation and resuscitation, neonatal intensive care unit admission for asphyxia, neonatal encephalopathy, and early neonatal death were used as outcome variables. Results: Among the 213,798 deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, the monitoring type was external ultrasound transducer in 81,559 (38.1%), both external ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording in 62,268 (29.1%), and fetal scalp electrode in 69,971 (32.7%) cases, respectively. The rates of both neonatal encephalopathy (odds ratio, 1.48; 95% confidence interval, 1.08–2.02) and severe acidemia (umbilical artery pH <7.00 and/or umbilical artery base excess ≤−12.0 mmol/L) (odds ratio, 2.03; 95% confidence interval, 1.65–2.50) were higher in fetuses of women with ultrasound transducer alone compared with those of women with concurrent external fetal and maternal heart rate recording. Monitoring with ultrasound transducer alone was also associated with increased risk of neonatal intubation for resuscitation (odds ratio, 1.22; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.44). A greater risk of severe neonatal acidemia was observed both in the ultrasound transducer (odds ratio, 2.78; 95% confidence interval, 2.23–3.48) and concurrent ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording (odds ratio, 1.37; 95% confidence interval, 1.05–1.78) groups compared with those monitored with fetal scalp electrodes. No difference in risk of neonatal encephalopathy was found between newborns monitored with concurrent ultrasound transducer and maternal heart rate recording and those monitored with fetal scalp electrodes. Conclusion: The use of external ultrasound transducer monitoring of fetal heart rate without simultaneous maternal heart rate recording is associated with higher rates of neonatal encephalopathy and severe neonatal acidemia. We suggest that either external fetal heart rate monitoring with concurrent maternal heart rate recording or internal fetal scalp electrode be used routinely as a fetal surveillance tool in term deliveries.
Explainable Early Prediction of Gestational Diabetes Biomarkers by Combining Medical Background and Wearable Devices: A Pilot Study With a Cohort Group in South Africa; This study aims to explore the potential of Internet of Things (IoT) devices and explainable Artificial Intelligence (AI) techniques in predicting biomarker values associated with GDM when measured 13-16 weeks prior to diagnosis. We developed a system that forecasts biomarkers such as LDL, HDL, triglycerides, cholesterol, HbA1c, and results from the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) including fasting glucose, 1-hour, and 2-hour post-load glucose values. These biomarker values are predicted based on sensory measurements collected around week 12 of pregnancy, including continuous glucose levels, short physical movement recordings, and medical background information. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to forecast GDM-associated biomarker values 13 to 16 weeks prior to the GDM screening test, using continuous glucose monitoring devices, a wristband for activity detection, and medical background data. We applied machine learning models, specifically Decision Tree and Random Forest Regressors, along with Coupled-Matrix Tensor Factorisation (CMTF) and Elastic Net techniques, examining all possible combinations of these methods across different data modalities. The results demonstrated good performance for most biomarkers. On average, the models achieved Mean Squared Error (MSE) between 0.29 and 0.42 and Mean Absolute Error (MAE) between 0.23 and 0.45 for biomarkers like HDL, LDL, cholesterol, and HbA1c. For the OGTT glucose values, the average MSE ranged from 0.95 to 2.44, and the average MAE ranged from 0.72 to 0.91. Additionally, the utilisation of CMTF with Alternating Least Squares technique yielded slightly better results (0.16 MSE and 0.07 MAE on average) compared to the well-known Elastic Net feature selection technique. While our study was conducted with a limited cohort in South Africa, our findings offer promising indications regarding the potential for predicting biomarker values in pregnant women through the integration of wearable devices and medical background data in the analysis. Nevertheless, further validation on a larger, more diverse cohort is imperative to substantiate these encouraging results.
Biological activities, Molecular mechanisms, and Clinical application of Naringin in Metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome has become major health problems in recent decades, and natural compounds receive considerable attention in the management of metabolic syndrome. Among them, naringin is abundant in citrus fruits and tomatoes. Many studies have investigated the therapeutic effects of naringin in metabolic syndrome. This review discusses in vitro and in vivo studies on naringin and implications for clinical trials on metabolic syndrome such as diabetes mellitus, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, dyslipidemia, and hypertension over the past decades, overviews the molecular mechanisms by which naringin targets metabolic syndrome, and analyzes possible correlations between the different mechanisms. This review provides a theoretical basis for the further application of naringin in the treatment of metabolic syndrome.
Maternal Obesity Modulates Cord Blood Concentrations of Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin/Kexin-type 9 Levels; Context: In utero exposure to maternal obesity or diabetes is considered a pro-inflammatory state. Objective: To evaluate whether cord blood proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 (PCSK9), which is regulated by inflammation and metabolic derangements, is elevated in neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers. Methods: A retrospective study in full-term neonates born between 2010 and 2023, at Brigham and Women’s Hospital. There were 116 neonates included in our study, of which 74 (64%) were born to overweight/obese mothers and 42 (36%) were born to nonoverweight/ nonobese mothers. Results: Neonates born to overweight/obese mothers had significantly higher cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 compared with neonates born to nonoverweight/nonobese group (323 [253-442] ng/mL compared with 270 [244-382] ng/mL, P = .041). We found no significant difference in cord blood concentrations of PCSK9 between neonates of diabetic mothers compared with neonates of nondiabetic mothers. In multivariate linear regression analysis, higher cord plasma PCSK9 concentration was significantly associated with maternal overweight/ obesity status (b = 50.12; 95% CI, 4.02-96.22; P = .033), after adjusting for gestational age, birth weight, male sex, and intrauterine growth restriction. Conclusion: Neonates born to mothers with overweight/obesity have higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations compared with the nonoverweight/nonobese group, and higher cord blood PCSK9 concentrations were significantly associated with maternal overweight/obesity status, after adjusting for perinatal factors. Larger longitudinal studies are needed to examine the role of PCSK9 in the development of metabolic syndrome in high-risk neonates born to overweight, obese, or diabetic mothers.
Pregnancy-Associated Cancer: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; This study aimed to systematically evaluate and quantify the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes in patients with pregnancy-associated cancer (PAC). This study was conducted from February 13, 2021, through July 24, 2023. A systematic search of MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science Core Collection, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was conducted to identify studies reporting outcomes for patients with PAC. The study was registered on PROSPERO. Two reviewers independently conducted screening, data extraction, and quality assessment. The associations were quantified using random-effects meta-analysis. The initial search produced 29,401 titles and abstracts, after which 147 unique full-text articles were screened, of which 22 articles with 59,190 pregnancies with PAC from 70,097,167 births were included in the meta-analysis. Women with PAC were at significantly increased risk of cesarean deliveries (risk ratio [RR], 1.58; 95% CI, 1.31-1.89), preterm birth (RR, 3.07; 95% CI, 2.37-3.98), venous thromboembolism (RR, 6.76; 95% CI, 5.08-8.99), and maternal death (RR, 41.58; 95% CI, 20.38-84.83). The only outcome with reduced risk was instrumental mode of delivery (RR, 0.67; 95% CI, 0.52-0.87). Pregnancy-associated cancer increases risk of adverse outcomes, including a 7-fold risk of venous thromboembolism and a 42-fold risk of maternal death. Further research is required to better understand the mechanisms leading to these adverse outcomes, especially for women who are not diagnosed until the postpartum period. Affected women should have counseling regarding their increased risk of adverse outcomes.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes as a risk factor for new-onset metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease in postpartum women: A nationwide study; Background & Aims: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) can worsen cardiometabolic risk factors in women, raising their likelihood of developing cardiometabolic diseases at a young age after their initial pregnancy. Nevertheless, there are limited data on the risk of newly developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD) in women who have had APOs. This study aimed to evaluate the risk of new-onset MASLD after experiencing APOs. Methods: Singleton pregnant women who underwent national health screenings 1 year before pregnancy and 1 year after delivery were included in this study. APOs were defined as the presence of at least one of the followings: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, low birth weight, and placental abruption. The primary outcome was new-onset MASLD based on the presence of APOs. Results: Among 80,037 study participants, 9,320 (11.6%) experienced APOs during pregnancy. Women who experienced APOs had an increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD after delivery even after adjustments for various covariates (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.58, 95% CI 1.45–1.72). In particular, women who experienced either HDP or GDM showed a significantly increased risk of developing new-onset MASLD (adjusted OR 2.20, 95% CI 1.81–2.67, for HDP and adjusted OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.65–2.03, for GDM). Moreover, there was a tendency toward an increased risk of new-onset MASLD according to the number of APOs (p <0.001 for trend of odds). Conclusions: APOs were associated with the risk of new-onset MASLD after delivery. Specifically, only HDP or GDM were identified as risk factors for new-onset MASLD. Impact and implications: This nationwide cohort study confirms that postpartum women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at an increased risk of developing metabolic dysfunction-associated steatotic liver disease (MASLD). These findings may bring us one step closer to understanding the exact mechanisms underlying such an important association between prior APOs and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among postpartum women. This bidirectional association between APOs and MASLD highlights the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing CVD risk in women. It suggests a need for closer monitoring and lifestyle interventions for women with a history of APOs to reduce the risk of MASLD and subsequent CVD complications.
Incident Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes Following a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy; BACKGROUND: The extent to which a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is associated with incident cardiovascular disease also among women with diabetes is unknown. METHODS: In this nationwide register-based cohort study, parous women aged 18 to 69 years with a first delivery in the Swedish Medical Birth Register, regardless of diabetic status at that time, and a subsequent clinical visit in the Swedish National Diabetes Register were included. Time to first cardiovascular disease event (myocardial infarction, stroke, or heart failure) before age 70 years by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy history was separately analyzed by diabetes type using Cox regression models that included conventional risk factors. RESULTS: In total, 1748 (18.9%) of 9230 women with type 1 and 5904 (10.6%) of 55 773 women with type 2 diabetes had their first delivery complicated by a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Median time (25-75th percentile) between first delivery and start of follow-up was 3.3 (1.4-13.0) years for women with type 1 and 29.8 (22.4-35.6) years for women with type 2 diabetes. In modeling, the risk for any cardiovascular disease event among women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was generally 10% to 20% higher, with main models estimating hazard ratios to 1.20 (95% CI, 0.99-1.47) for women with type 1 and 1.15 (95% CI, 1.02-1.29) for women with type 2 diabetes. CONCLUSIONS: In women with diabetes, a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease and should be considered as a risk enhancer.
Association of Assisted Reproductive Technology and Stroke during Hospitalization for Delivery in the United States; INTRODUCTION: Infertility treatment with assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) has been associated with adverse vascular events in some but not all previous studies. Endothelial damage, prothrombotic factor release, and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors in those receiving ART have been invoked to explain this association. We sought to explore the relationship between ART and stroke risk using population-level data. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data from the National Inpatient Sample registry from 2015 to 2020, including all delivery hospitalizations for patients aged 15 to 55 years. The study exposure was use of ART. The primary end point was any stroke defined as ischemic stroke, subarachnoid hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, or cerebral venous thrombosis during index delivery hospitalization. Individual stroke subtypes (ischemic stroke, subarachnoid hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and cerebral venous thrombosis) were evaluated as secondary end points. Standard International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification algorithms were used to define study exposure, comorbidities, and prespecified end points. In addition to reporting population-level estimates, propensity score adjustment by inverse probability weighting was used to mimic the effects of randomization by balancing baseline clinical characteristics associated with stroke between ART and non-ART users. RESULTS: Among 19123125 delivery hospitalizations identified, patients with prior ART (n=202815, 1.1%) experienced significantly higher rates of any stroke (27.1/100000 versus 9.1/100000), ischemic stroke (9.9/100000 versus 3.3/100000), subarachnoid hemorrhage (7.4/100000 versus 1.6/100000), intracerebral hemorrhage (7.4/100000 versus 2.0/100000), and cerebral venous thrombosis (7.4/100000 versus 2.7/100000) in comparison to non-ART users (all P<0.001 for all unadjusted comparisons). Following inverse probability weighting analysis, ART was associated with increased odds of any stroke (adjusted odds ratios, 2.14 (95% CI, 2.02-2.26); P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Using population-level data among patients hospitalized for delivery in the United States, we found an association between ART and stroke after adjustment for measured confounders.
WCN24-1183 Assessing kidney function in pregnancy: gestation specific centile reference ranges for serum creatinine, urea, cystatin c and beta-2-microglobulin; Introduction: Deterioration in maternal kidney function is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. Lack of accurate assessment of kidney function, accounting for physiological adaptation across gestations, makes personalised care in pregnancy challenging. Serum creatinine is recommended to assess kidney function in pregnancy. Urea guides commencement of dialysis. Cystatin C provides an estimate glomerular filtration rate (GFR) and beta-2-microglobulin is a marker of tubular injury. This study aims to define normal centile ranges in pregnancy for serum creatinine, urea, cystatin c and beta-2-microglobulin. Methods: Prospective cohort study of women receiving antenatal care at two UK tertiary hospitals (2018-2021) recruited to Pregnancy Adaptations in Renal disease study (REC15/WA/0009) and Prediction of pregnancy complications study (REC02-03-033). Inclusion criteria:6 weeks gestation to postpartum discharge, singleton pregnancy, blood pressure before 20 weeks below 130/80mmHg without antihypertensive medication, no proteinuria, haematuria, or urinary tract infection. Venous serum samples were taken at recruitment and routine ultrasound appointments and stored at -80’C prior to analysis. Serum creatinine (enzymatic), cystatin C, beta-2-microglobulin (Siemens ADVIA 1800) and urea (Clinical Chemistry Analyser) were quantified according to manufacturer’s instructions. Centile reference ranges for each biomarker were created for the following groups: 1) No known risk factors for chronic kidney disease (CKD) 2) Existing risk for CKD: pre-pregnancy eGFR<90mls/min/1.73m2, haematuria, proteinuria, or structural abnormalities;previous acute kidney injury (AKI); connective tissues disease; thrombophilia; cardiovascular disease; assisted conception; or previous pregnancy complications to assess the impact of known risk factors for CKD 3) No risk factor at time of samples but subsequently developed new risk for acute kidney injury: e.g., hypertensivedisorder, gestational diabetes, placental insufficiency, or neonatal complications. Xrigls command was used in Stata 18.0 to allow reference interval estimation using generalized least squares. Results: 549 participants were included. 193(35.2%) had no known risk factors, 178(32.4%) a new risk factor and 178(32.4%) a known risk factor(Table 1). Table 2 describes means for all biomarkers at each gestational window by sub-group. [Formula presented] Conclusions: In this ethnically diverse population, mean and median serum creatinine values were lower than previous reports in population cohorts. Serum creatinine above 63umol/l at any gestation of pregnancy is above the 97th centile and may represent pathology. Urea values above 5.5umol/l in the first and third trimester, and 4.6mmol/l in the second warrant further assessment. Cystatin C and beta-2-microglobulin vary increasingly towards term, even in women with no risk factors, thus are unlikely to be useful markers of kidney impairment in pregnancy. I have no potential conflict of interest to disclose.
WCN24-1804 MIRROR SYNDROME AND SEVERE PREECLAMPSIA: A CASE REPORT; Introduction: Ballantyne syndrome or Mirror syndrome is a rare condition, associated with high fetal and maternal morbi-mortality. It is characterized by the triad of maternal, placental and fetal edema. Methods: Report the case of a patient with Mirror syndrome complicated with severe and early onset preeclampsia and acute kidney injury. Results: A 29-year old white female, with unremarkable medical background, was hospitalized while undergoing 17 weeks of her first pregnancy, complicated with gestational diabetes. She had no previous diagnosis of hypertension or proteinuria. She presented with generalized edema and weight gain of 6 kg in one month. She denied headache or visual disturbances. Physical examination: BP 170/120 mmHg, generalized edema, without other signs of congestive heart failure. Laboratory tests: urinary protein to creatinine ratio 0,35 g/g, bland urinary sediment, negative urine culture, serum creatinine 0,66 mg/dl, azotemia 37 mg/dl, Na 139 mEq/l, hemoglobin 11,9 g/dl, platelet count 153000 cel/mm3, albumin 3,4 g/dl and normal liver enzymes. Negative inmunologic work-out. Maternal transthoracic echocardiography and renal ultrasound were unremarkable. The patient had a rapid deterioration within 72 hours from admission, with sustained oligoanuria, creatininemia 0,77mg/dl, acute hyponatremia (118 mEq/l), a decrease in platelet count, hematocrit and albumin. She also developed a slight increase in transaminases and uricemia (5,9 mg/dl). Fetal structural ultrasound reported anhydramnios, fetus with ascites, displaced mediastinum and a compressed heart by both enlarged lungs, echogenic and with cysts, suggesting bilateral renal agenesis or hypoplasia. Serum sFlt-1/PIGF ratio was 239 (reference value < 33). With diagnosis of acute kidney injury secondary to severe preeclampsia in the context of Mirror syndrome due to fetal hydrops, termination of the pregnancy was decided. The patient had a favorable evolution, with resolution of the kidney injury, improvement of edema and dilutional hyponatremia, and was discharged from hospital after 10 days. On follow-up she continues normotensive with normal renal function and negativization of proteinuria. [Formula presented] Conclusions: Given the development of severe hypertension in the context of edema and oliguria, in absence of inflammatory urinary sediment, the first diagnostic approach was early onset severe preeclampsia. The originality of the clinical case is that the cause of preeclampsia was Mirror Syndrome. The evolution confirmed this infrequent entity, with resolution after termination of the pregnancy. This is an extremely rare condition, probably underdiagnosed, highlighting the importance of acknowledging it in nephrology practice. It should be suspected in a patient with early onset preeclampsia with signs of maternal hemodilution, ruling out other causes such as mole, multiple gestation and chronic kidney disease. The pathogenesis is unclear, but at least in some cases the placenta edema increases the production of the soluble form of tyrosine kinase 1 (sFlt1), an important mediator of endothelial and vascular abnormalities in preeclampsia. Therefore, sFlt1/PIGF ratio could be a diagnostic tool. The clinical case emphasizes creatinine is a poor marker of glomerular filtration, particularly in pregnancy. In this case diuresis was a more sensitive indicator of acute renal failure. I have no potential conflict of interest to disclose.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes in patients with surgically repaired heart disease; BACKGROUND: Congenital and acquired heart disease complicate 1% to 4% of pregnancies in the United States. Beyond the risks of the underlying maternal congenital heart disease, cardiac surgery and its sequelae, such as surgical scarring resulting in higher rates of arrhythmias and implanted valves altering anticoagulation status, have potential implications that could affect gestation and delivery. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate whether history of maternal cardiac surgery is associated with adverse obstetrical or neonatal outcomes compared with patients without a history of cardiac disease or surgery, considered “healthy controls.” STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of retrospective cohort studies performed at a tertiary care facility in the United States comparing obstetrical outcomes in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery who delivered from January 2007 to December 2018 with healthy controls, who delivered from April 2020 to July 2020. There were 74 pregnancies in 61 patients with a history of open cardiac surgery that were compared with pregnancies in healthy controls. Of the 74 pregnancies, 65 were successfully matched based on gestational age to controls at a 1:3 (case-to-control) ratio. The remainder of cases were matched at a 1:2 or 1:1 ratio; therefore, a total of 219 control pregnancies were included in the analysis. Our primary outcome was the incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, as well as cesarean delivery, in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery compared with healthy controls. Our secondary outcome was the incidence of low-birthweight neonates in patients with a history of open cardiac surgery compared with healthy controls. RESULTS: Patients with a history of cardiac surgery were not more likely to have any hypertensive disorder diagnosed than healthy controls. Patients with a history of cardiac surgery were more likely to have an operative delivery (P<.0001) but equally likely to have a cesarean delivery (P=.528) compared with healthy controls. Birthweight was not statistically different of 2655±808 g in neonates born to patients with a history of cardiac surgery vs 2844±830 g born to healthy controls (P=.092). CONCLUSION: Patients with a history of cardiac surgery may not be at higher risk of hypertensive disorder diagnosis during pregnancy. Similarly, most patients with a history of cardiac surgery are also likely not at higher risk of cesarean delivery or low-birthweight neonates.
Cardiovascular outcomes 50 years after antenatal exposure to betamethasone: Follow-up of a randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled trial; Background Antenatal corticosteroids for women at risk of preterm birth reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality, but there is limited evidence regarding their effects on long-term health. This study assessed cardiovascular outcomes at 50 years after antenatal exposure to corticosteroids. Methods and findings We assessed the adult offspring of women who participated in the first randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (1969 to 1974). The first 717 mothers received 2 intramuscular injections of 12 mg betamethasone or placebo 24 h apart and the subsequent 398 received 2 injections of 24 mg betamethasone or equivalent volume of placebo. Follow-up included a health questionnaire and consent to access administrative data sources. The co-primary outcomes were the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors (any of hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, or prediabetes) and age at first major adverse cardiovascular event (MACE) (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, coronary revascularisation, stroke, admission for peripheral vascular disease, and admission for heart failure). Analyses were adjusted for gestational age at entry, sex, and clustering. Of 1,218 infants born to 1,115 mothers, we followed up 424 (46% of survivors; 212 [50%] female) at mean (standard deviation) age 49.3 (1.0) years. There were no differences between those exposed to betamethasone or placebo for cardiovascular risk factors (159/229 [69.4%] versus 131/195 [67.2%]; adjusted relative risk 1.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.89, 1.18;]; p = 0.735) or age at first MACE (adjusted hazard ratio 0.58, 95% CI [0.23, 1.49]; p = 0.261). There were also no differences in the components of these composite outcomes or in any of the other secondary outcomes. Key limitations were follow-up rate and lack of in-person assessments. Conclusions There is no evidence that antenatal corticosteroids increase the prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors or incidence of cardiovascular events up to 50 years of age. Established benefits of antenatal corticosteroids are not outweighed by an increase in adult cardiovascular disease.
The Impact of Environmental and Occupational Noise on Maternal and Perinatal Pregnancy Outcomes; Importance Pregnant women are exposed to both occupational and environmental noise during their pregnancy. The association between noise and adverse health outcomes is well known. Less is known about the relationship between noise and its effects on the embryo/fetus and pregnancy. Objectives The purpose of the study is to review what is known about the effect(s) of environment and occupational noise during pregnancy on maternal and perinatal outcomes. Evidence Acquisition Electronic databases (PubMed, CINAHL, and Embase) were searched from 1995-2023 with the only limitation being that the articles were in English. Studies were selected that examined associations between environmental and occupational noise and pregnancy outcome, maternal outcome, or perinatal outcome. Results There were 233 articles identified. After reviewing all abstracts and selected full texts, 25 publications were used as the basis of this review. Multiple studies have been undertaken evaluating the effects of noise on embryonal/fetal growth, fetal development, maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, and maternal anxiety and depression. The overall effects of occupational and environmental exposure on both fetal and maternal outcomes remain uncertain. Conclusions Further high-quality studies are needed to determine the association between noise and pregnancy outcomes. Relevance Even though this review suggests a relationship between noise and maternal/fetal outcomes, confirmation will require well designed future studies. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians. Learning Objectives After completing this learning activity, the participant should be able to explain how sound is measured, the thresholds of sound in children and adults, and exposure levels that result in hearing loss; describe the effects of exposure to noise during pregnancy and its effects on adverse pregnancy outcomes; and discuss the effects of environmental and occupational noise on the developing embryo/fetus.
Fulminant peripartum pulmonary embolism leads to maternal cardiac arrest and hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy; Pulmonary embolism (PE) risk is greater in women during pregnancy or puerperium. If indeed the peripartum pulmonary embolism is not recognized early and treated appropriately, it could have catastrophic consequences. We therefore present a case of a pregnant woman who unfortunately went from undiagnosed peripartum pulmonary embolism and had a crisis during delivery. She eventually had cardiac arrest and hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy as complications. We emphasize early recognition and prompt treatment of pulmonary embolism in order to prevent such serious complications in pregnant women. We discuss about the clinical condition of our patient and make contrasts based on previous literature.
A Unique Intersection: Exploring Cerebral Anomalies in Klinefelter Syndrome; Background: Klinefelter syndrome (KS) is the most prevalent sex-chromosome aberration and the leading genetic cause of male hypogonadism. This chromosomal anomaly results in male hypergonadotropic hypogonadism, androgen deficiency, impaired spermatogenesis, and cognitive impairment. On the other hand holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a complex developmental disorder that represents a profound malformation of the human brain, characterized by the failure of midline cleavage of the prosencephalon into the right and left hemispheres. Case Report: The study presents a unique clinical scenario involving the co-occurrence of alobar holoprosencephaly (HPE) and Klinefelter syndrome (KS) in a term male fetus born to a healthy couple with uneventful prenatal ultrasound studies. While Klinefelter syndrome is known for its chromosomal aberrations, the simultaneous presence of HPE raises intriguing questions regarding the potential association between KS and cerebral malformations. Conclusion: This case highlights the importance of further research to explore the underlying mechanisms and implications of this rare intersection, shedding light on previously uncharted territory in the realm of genetic and neurodevelopmental disorders.
A Meta-Analysis of Differences in Thyroid and Cardiac Function Between Women with Normal Pregnancies and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: This is a meta-analysis of thyroid function (TF) and cardiac function (CF) differences between women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), in order to provide more reliable reference and guidance for the future clinical prevention and treatment of GDM. Methods: Studies on the correlation of GDM with TF and CF were searched in PubMed, Cochrane Library, and other literature databases, and the literature for final analysis was confirmed after screening according to the eligibility criteria. Authors, publication time, research subjects, and endpoints were extracted for meta-analysis using Review 5.3 software. Results: After screening, 10 studies with a total of 2554 subjects were selected, including 1125 GDM patients (GDM group) and 1429 normal pregnant women (control group). All the included papers scored 6-7 points on the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale used for literature quality evaluation, implying high-quality research. In the meta-analysis, the relationship between GDM and TF, TSH, and FT3 increased evidently in the GDM group, while FT4 decreased (P < .05). The meta-analysis of GDM and CF revealed lower LVEF and E/A while higher E/E' in GDM patients compared to the controls (P < .05). The funnel plot showed that the graphs of all the endpoints were basically symmetrical, indicating low publication bias. Conclusion: Given the obvious thyroid dysfunction and cardiac dysfunction in GDM patients, symptomatic intervention measures should be taken actively and timely to improve the safety of GDM patients during pregnancy.
Predicting High-Risk Fetal Cardiac Disease Anticipated to Need Immediate Postnatal Stabilization and Intervention with Planned Pediatric Cardiac Operating Room Delivery; BACKGROUND: Distances between delivery and cardiac services can make the care of fetuses with cardiac disease at risk of acute cardiorespiratory instability at birth a challenge. In 2013 we implemented a fetal echocardiography-based algorithm tar-geting fetuses considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability at ≤2 hours of birth for delivery in our pediatric cardiac operating room of our children’s hospital, and, herein, examine our experience. METHODS AND RESULTS: We reviewed maternal and postnatal medical records of all fetuses with cardiac disease encountered January 2013 to March 2022 considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability. Secondary analysis was performed including all fetuses with diagnoses of d-transposition of the great arteries/intact ventricular septum (d-TGA/IVS) and hypo-plastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) encountered over the study period. Forty fetuses were considered high risk for acute cardiorespiratory instability: 15 with d-TGA/IVS and 7 with HLHS with restrictive atrial septum, 4 with absent pulmonary valve syndrome, 3 with obstructed anomalous pulmonary veins, 2 with severe Ebstein anomaly, 2 with thoracic/intracardiac tumors, and 7 others. Pediatric cardiac operating room delivery occurred for 33 but not for 7 (5 with d-TGA/IVS, 2 with HLHS with restrictive atrial septum). For high-risk cases, fetal echocardiography had a positive predictive value of 50% for intervention/ extracorporeal membrane oxygenation/death at ≤2 hours and 70% at ≤24 hours. Of “low-risk” cases, 6/46 with d-TGA/IVS and 0/45 with HLHS required intervention at ≤2 hours. Fetal echocardiography for predicting intervention/extracorporeal membrane oxygenation/death at ≤2 hours had a sensitivity of 67%, specificity 93%, and positive and negative predictive values of 80% and 87%, respectively, for d-TGA/IVS, and 100%, 95%, 71%, and 100% for HLHS, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal echocardiography can predict the need for urgent intervention in a majority with d-TGA/IVS and HLHS and in half of the entire spectrum of high-risk cardiac disease.
In vivo mitochondria-targeted protection against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling in rodent hypoxic pregnancy; Abstract: Gestational hypoxia adversely affects uterine artery function, increasing complications. However, an effective therapy remains unidentified. Here, we show in rodent uterine arteries that hypoxic pregnancy promotes hypertrophic remodelling, increases constrictor reactivity via protein kinase C signalling, and triggers compensatory dilatation via nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms and stimulation of large conductance Ca2+-activated K+-channels. Maternal in vivo oral treatment with the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ in hypoxic pregnancy normalises uterine artery reactivity and prevents vascular remodelling. From days 6–20 of gestation (term ∼22 days), female Wistar rats were randomly assigned to normoxic or hypoxic (13–14% O2) pregnancy ± daily maternal MitoQ treatment (500 µm in drinking water). At 20 days of gestation, maternal, placental and fetal tissue was frozen to determine MitoQ uptake. The uterine arteries were harvested and, in one segment, constrictor and dilator reactivity was determined by wire myography. Another segment was fixed for unbiased stereological analysis of vessel morphology. Maternal administration of MitoQ in both normoxic and hypoxic pregnancy crossed the placenta and was present in all tissues analysed. Hypoxia increased uterine artery constrictor responses to norepinephrine, angiotensin II and the protein kinase C activator, phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate. Hypoxia enhanced dilator reactivity to sodium nitroprusside, the large conductance Ca2+-activated K+-channel activator NS1619 and ACh via increased nitric oxide-dependent mechanisms. Uterine arteries from hypoxic pregnancy showed increased wall thickness and MitoQ treatment in hypoxic pregnancy prevented all effects on uterine artery reactivity and remodelling. The data support mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy. (Figure presented.). Key points: Dysfunction and remodelling of the uterine artery are strongly implicated in many pregnancy complications, including advanced maternal age, maternal hypertension of pregnancy, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and pregnancy at high altitude. Such complications not only have immediate adverse effects on the growth of the fetus, but also they can also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the mother and offspring. Despite this, there is a significant unmet clinical need for therapeutics that treat uterine artery vascular dysfunction in adverse pregnancy. Here, we show in a rodent model of gestational hypoxia that in vivo oral treatment of the mitochondria-targeted antioxidant MitoQ protects against uterine artery vascular dysfunction and remodelling, supporting the use of mitochondria-targeted therapy against adverse changes in uterine artery structure and function in high-risk pregnancy.
ATP5me alleviates high glucose-induced myocardial cell injury; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse myocardial remodeling and impaired cardiac function of fetus. Nevertheless, specific molecular mechanisms underlying type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury remain unknown. Therefore, this study proposes to identify possible molecular mechanisms using RNA-seq. Methods: A rat type 1 GDM model was developed using streptozotocin (STZ) (25 and 50 mg/kg), and weight and glucose tolerance of maternal and offspring were evaluated. Changes in markers of myocardial injury and oxidative stress identified by ELISA and biochemical kits in offspring hearts. Identification of differentially expressed mRNAs (DE-mRNAs) associated with myocardial injury in type 1 GDM offspring using RNA-seq. Proliferation, apoptosis, and oxidative stress were assessed in high glucose-induced H9C2 cells after exogenously modulating ATP Synthase Membrane Subunit E (ATP5me). Results: Maternal weight, glucose and glucose tolerance, and fetal weight and heart weight were reduced in the type 1 GDM model, especially in 50 mg/kg STZ-induced. Increased of creatine kinase-MB (CK-MB), cardiac troponin T (cTnT), hypersensitive C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), reactive oxygen species (ROS) and malondialdehyde (MDA) and decreased of superoxide dismutase (SOD) were observed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts. type 1 GDM offspring hearts exhibited disorganized cardiomyocytes with enlarged gaps, broken myocardial fibers, erythrocyte accumulation and inflammatory infiltration. RNA-seq identified 462 DE-mRNAs in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, which mainly regulate immunity, redox reactions, and cellular communication. Atp5me was under-expressed in type 1 GDM offspring hearts, and high glucose decreased Atp5me expression in H9C2 cells. Overexpressing Atp5me alleviated high glucose-induced decrease in proliferation, mitochondrial membrane potential, BCL2 and SOD, and increase in apoptosis, MDA, ROS, c-Caspase-3, and BAX in H9C2 cells. Conclusion: This study first demonstrated that ATP5me attenuated type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury. This provides a possible molecular mechanism for the treatment of type 1 GDM-induced fetal myocardial injury.
Knowledge, attitude and practices of insulin therapy among patients with type 2 diabetes: a cross-sectional study; Objectives This study aimed to assess the knowledge, attitude and practices of patients with type 2 diabetes on insulin regarding insulin therapy. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting This study was conducted at the Dubai Diabetes Center from 1 December 2018 to 1 March 2020. Participants Face-to-face interviews were conducted for 350 participants with type 2 diabetes at the Dubai Diabetes Center. Interviews followed the structured format of a questionnaire designed to obtain demographic details and score participants on knowledge, attitude and practices. We included patients aged >18 years and receiving insulin therapy. Patients with type 1 diabetes, pregnant women with gestational diabetes, those aged <18 years or those with a history of dementia were excluded. Results The median age of participants was 61 years (first quartile, 53 years; third quartile, 67 years); 35.7% were male individuals and 64.3% were female individuals. The median percentage scores for knowledge, attitude and practices were 62.5% (62.5%, 75%), 85.7% (71.4%, 100%) and 77.7% (66.6%, 88.8%), respectively. Highly educated participants had a high level of knowledge. Significant negative correlations were found between the percentage knowledge scores and participants’ age and between the participants’ percentage attitude scores and haemoglobin A1C levels; Spearman’s correlations were −0.182 (p<0.001) and −0.14 (p=0.008), respectively. A significant positive Spearman’s correlation of 0.123 (p=0.021) was found between the percentage knowledge and percentage practice scores. No correlations were found among knowledge levels, participants’ haemoglobin A1c levels and duration of insulin use. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes receiving insulin therapy and attending the Dubai Diabetes Center had adequate knowledge, a positive attitude and correct practice regarding insulin therapy. However, knowledge of specific facts did not always translate into correct behaviours and practices.
Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 with normal birth parameters; A newborn baby born at 34 weeks and 5 days gestation was admitted for prematurity, dysmorphic features and congenital heart defects. Antenatal scan at 21 weeks showed a large-for-gestational-age foetus with a large abdominal circumference and liver, ventricular septal defect, right prominent renal pelvis and echogenic bowel. Antenatal genetic tests for overgrowth syndromes were negative. The mother had early onset pre-eclampsia. After birth, an overgrowth syndrome was still suspected despite the baby having normal birth parameters. Raw data of the trio whole exome sequencing from the amniocentesis sample were manually inspected. Hemizygous exon 7 deletion in the GPC3 gene was found, and a postnatal diagnosis of Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome, a rare overgrowth syndrome, was made. This case report discusses the significance of antenatal findings, an atypical presentation of a rare syndrome and the obstacles of diagnostic genetic testing.
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia with associated broncho-pulmonary sequestration: A report of two cases and a literature review; BACKGROUND: Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia (CDH) is a severe congenital anomaly with significant morbidity and mortality. It can be isolated or can be associated with other congenital anomalies, including broncho-pulmonary sequestration (BPS). The association of CDH with BPS (CDH+BPS) is uncommon but has been previously reported, and it can complicate the course of the disease in patients with CDH. We report two cases of CDH+BPS that were recently treated at our CDH-Qatar (CDH-Q) program. METHODS: We reviewed CDH-Q program registry to search for CDH+BPS and extracted the data for the identified cases. We also reviewed the previously published literature available on PubMed for similar cases. RESULTS: Out of 53 cases of CDH referred to CDH-Q from January 2018 to December 2022, two cases of CDH+BPS were identified, with an estimated prevalence of 3.8% of this association in our CDH population. Both cases were born at term. Case 1 was diagnosed with CDH+BPS postnatally, while case 2 was diagnosed with CDH antenatally but BPS was diagnosed after birth. Both cases underwent a surgical repair of the CDH with resection of the associated BPS, and the histopathology of the resected lung tissue confirmed the presence of BPS in both. Both cases survived to discharge. CONCLUSION: The association of CDH+BPS is uncommon; however, it can have significant consequences on the management and the prognosis of patients with CDH. Reporting these cases is important to provide a better understanding of this association and its impact on CDH patients.
Consumption of red and processed meat during early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: a prospective birth cohort study; To investigate the association of red and processed meat intake with the risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) in Iranian mothers. A total of 635 pregnant mothers were included. Dietary intake was assessed by a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Intakes of total red meat, unprocessed red meat, and processed meat were calculated and then, Cox proportional hazard model was used to calculate the hazard ratios (HR) and 95%CIs of GDM across tertiles of red meat intake while controlling for age, occupation, pre-pregnancy body mass index, physical activities, history of cardiovascular disease, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and pregnancy hypertension, order of pregnancy, nausea during current pregnancy, multivitamin use during current pregnancy, weight gain during current pregnancy and total energy intake. The average age of the mothers was 28.80 ± 5.09 years, the average pre-pregnancy body mass index was 25.13 ± 4.43 kg/m2, and the average weight gain during pregnancy was 13.50 ± 5.03 kg. The multivariable-adjusted HRs of GDM for the third tertiles of red and processed meat, red meat, and processed meat intake were, respectively, 1.92 (95% CI 1.06, 3.49), 1.52 (95% CI 0.85, 2.72) and 1.31 (95% CI 0.73, 2.34) when compared to the first tertiles. Our prospective cohort study suggested that there was a positive association between the consumption of red and processed meat and with risk of GDM in a small sample of Iranian mothers with low red meat intake. More large-scale cohort studies in the Iranian population are needed to present more robust evidence in this regard.
Birth History and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Among Youth With Significant Obesity; Children born prematurely have greater lifetime risk for hypertension. We aimed to determine (1) the association between prematurity and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among 90 children with obesity and elevated blood pressure and (2) if dietary sodium intake modified these associations. Multivariable regression analysis explored for associations between prematurity (<37 weeks gestation; early gestational age) and low birth weight (<2.5 kg) with hypertension, left ventricular mass index (LVMI), and left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). Effect modification by dietary sodium intake was also explored. Patients were predominately male (60%), black (78%), adolescents (13.3 years), and with substantial obesity (body mass index: 36.5 kg/m2). Early gestational age/low birth weight was not an independent predictor for hypertension, LVMI, or LVH. There was no effect modification by sodium load. Our results suggest the increased CVD risk conferred by prematurity is less significant at certain cardiometabolic profiles. Promoting heart-healthy lifestyles to prevent pediatric obesity remains of utmost importance to foster cardiovascular health.
An obstetric-specific surgical Apgar score predicts maternal morbidity from cesarean hysterectomy for placenta accreta spectrum; Objective: Placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) is a continuum of placental conditions characterized by significant maternal and neonatal morbidity. Tools to accurately predict postoperative morbidity have been lacking due to the hemodynamic changes of pregnancy. The surgical Apgar score (SAS) is a 10-point scale that assesses heart rate, mean arterial pressure, and estimated blood loss. The SAS has been validated to predict morbidity such as blood transfusion and reoperation. Methods: We created an obstetric-specific SAS (ObSAS) scale for physiologic changes of pregnancy (two-fold increase in blood loss, 10% increased heart rate, and 5% decreased mean arterial pressure) and analyzed 110 cases of PAS who underwent cesarean hysterectomy. Results: An ObSAS of 0–4 (poorest score) was significantly associated with increased risk of intensive care unit (ICU) admission (odds ratio [OR] 40.6, 95% confidence interval [CI] 7.9–742.9), transfusion >4 units (26/26 patients), and greater surgical morbidity (OR 22.7, 95% CI 4.4–415.0). ObSAS of 9–10 resulted in no ICU admissions (0/12), fewer blood transfusions (OR 0.1, 95% CI 0.1–0.4). and less surgical morbidity (OR 0.09, 95% CI 0.01–0.37). Conclusion: Given the overall surgical morbidity associated with PAS cesarean hysterectomy, the ObSAS score is a powerful tool with excellent predictive capabilities for ICU admission, blood transfusion, and surgical morbidity, allowing for resource allocation, prophylactic interventions, and optimal patient outcomes.
Comparison of two emergency cervical cerclage techniques in twin pregnancies: A retrospective cohort study matched with cervical dilation; Objectives: This retrospective cohort study aimed to assess the efficacy of emergency cervical cerclage (ECC) performed with the combined McDonald-Shirodkar technique in twin pregnancies between 18 and 26 weeks of pregnancy with painless cervical dilation 1 to 6 cm. Methods: A retrospective cohort study matched with the degree of cervical dilation was conducted. The study group (case group) included women with twin pregnancies undergoing combined McDonald-Shirodkar approach with cervical dilation ≥1 cm between 18 to 26 weeks of gestation at four institutions, from December 2015 to December 2022. To minimize confounding factors, we elucidated the causality structure using a directed acyclic graph and performed 1:1 case–control matching. A control group underwent the McDonald approach. The primary outcome was gestational age (GA) at delivery. The secondary outcomes were pregnancy latency; the rates of spontaneous preterm birth at <28, <30, <32, and <34 weeks; and neonatal outcomes. Additional subanalysis was performed by dividing the patients into two subgroups of women with cervical dilation ≥3 cm and <3 cm. Results: A total of 84 twin pregnancies were managed with either the combined McDonald-Shirodkar approach (case group: n = 42) or the McDonald approach (control group: n = 42). Demographic characteristics were not significantly different in the two groups (P > 0.05). After adjusting for confounders that were represented by a directed acyclic graph, median GA at delivery was significantly higher (30.5 vs 27 weeks; Bate: 3.40 [95% confidence interval (CI), 2.13–4.67], P < 0.001) and median pregnancy latency was significantly longer (56 vs 28 days; Bate: 24.04 [95% CI, 13.31–34.78], P < 0.001) in the case group compared with the control group. Rates of spontaneous preterm birth at <28, <30, <32, and <34 weeks were significantly lower in the case group than in the control group. For neonatal outcomes, there was higher birth weight (1543.75 vs 980 g; Bate: 420.08 [95% CI, 192.18–647.98], P < 0.001) and significantly lower overall perinatal mortality (7.1% vs 31%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.16 [95% CI, 0.04–0.70], P = 0.014) in the case group compared with the control group. When cervical dilation was ≥3 cm, the combined McDonald-Shirodkar procedure can significantly reduce perinatal mortality (8.3% vs 46.7%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.09 [95% CI, 0.01–0.77], P = 0.028), significantly decrease the risk of delivery at <28 and <30 weeks, and prolong GA at delivery and pregnancy latency compared with the McDonald procedure. Conclusions: ECC performed with the combined McDonald-Shirodkar procedure in women with twin pregnancies who have cervical dilation 1 to 6 cm in midtrimester pregnancy may reduce the rate of spontaneous preterm birth and improve perinatal and neonatal outcomes compared with the McDonald procedure, especially for twin pregnancies in women with cervical dilation of 3 to 6 cm and prolapsed membranes.
Weight-based versus fixed dose oxytocin infusion for preventing uterine atony during cesarean section in laboring patients: A randomized trial; Objective: We compared efficacy of weight-based (0.4 IU/kg/h) versus fixed-dose (34 IU/h) oxytocin infusion during cesarean section. Methods: The oxytocin infusion in either group (n = 32 each) was initiated upon cord clamping. Primary outcome measure was adequacy of uterine tone at 4 min after initiating oxytocin infusion. Oxytocin associated side effects were also observed. Results: Significantly less oxytocin was used with the weight-based versus fixed-dose regimen (16.3 [11.2–22.4] IU vs 20.4 [15.8–26.9] IU; P = 0.036). Incidence of adequate uterine tone was clinically greater but not significantly different with the weight-based versus fixed-dose regimen (81.3% vs 71.9%; P = 0.376). The weight-based regimen was associated with clinically lesser, although not statistically significant need for rescue oxytocin (25% vs 46.9%; P = 0.068) and additional uterotonic (9.4% vs 15.6%; P = 0.708); as well as oxytocin associated side effects (hypotension [34.4% vs 46.9%; P = 0.309], nausea/vomiting [18.8% vs 40.6%; P = 0.055], and ST-T changes [0% vs 3.1%; P = 1.000]). Conclusion: Weight-based oxytocin was not significantly different from the fixed-dose regimen in terms of uterotonic efficacy or associated side-effects, despite significantly lower doses being used. Use of weight-based oxytocin infusion (0.4 IU/kg/h) can be considered in clinical practice. Trial Registration: Clinical Trial Registry of India (ctri.nic.in, number. CTRI/2021/01/030642).
Microvascular dysfunction in women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: A population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: To evaluate microvascular function in women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study. Setting: Linköping, Sweden. Population: Women aged 50–65 years, participating in the Swedish CArdioPulmonary bioImage Study (SCAPIS) at one site (Linköping) 2016–18, who underwent microcirculatory assessment (N = 1222). Methods: Forearm skin comprehensive microcirculatory assessment was performed with a PeriFlux PF6000 EPOS (Enhanced Perfusion and Oxygen Saturation) system measuring oxygen saturation and total speed resolved perfusion. Obstetric records were reviewed to identify women with previous HDP. Data on cardiovascular risk factors, comorbidities, medication, lifestyle, anthropometric data, and biochemical analyses were obtained from SCAPIS. The microcirculatory data were compared between women with and without previous HDP. Main outcome measures: Skin microcirculatory oxygen saturation and total speed resolved perfusion at baseline and post-ischaemic peak. Results: Women with previous pre-eclampsia displayed impaired post-ischaemic peak oxygen saturation compared with women with normotensive pregnancies (88%, interquartile range [IQR] 84–89% vs 91%, IQR 87–94%, p = 0.001) 6–30 years after pregnancy. The difference remained after multivariable adjustment (β −2.69, 95% CI −4.93 to −0.45). Conclusions: The findings reveal microvascular dysfunction at long-term follow up in women with previous pre-eclampsia and strengthen the possible role of endothelial dysfunction as a link to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with HDP.
Oxytocin: physiology, pharmacology, and clinical application for labor management; Oxytocin is a peptide hormone that plays a key role in regulating the female reproductive system, including during labor and lactation. It is produced primarily in the hypothalamus and secreted by the posterior pituitary gland. Oxytocin can also be administered as a medication to initiate or augment uterine contractions. To study the effectiveness and safety of oxytocin, previous studies have randomized patients to low- and high-dose oxytocin infusion protocols either alone or as part of an active management of labor strategy along with other interventions. These randomized trials demonstrated that active management of labor and high-dose oxytocin regimens can shorten the length of labor and reduce the incidence of clinical chorioamnionitis. The safety of high-dose oxytocin regimens is also supported by no associated differences in fetal heart rate abnormalities, postpartum hemorrhage, low Apgar scores, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and umbilical artery acidemia. Most studies reported no differences in the cesarean delivery rates with active management of labor or high-dose oxytocin regimens, thereby further validating its safety. Oxytocin does not have a predictable dose response, thus the pharmacologic effects and the amplitude and frequency of uterine contractions are used as physiological parameters for oxytocin infusion titration to achieve adequate contractions at appropriate intervals. Used in error, oxytocin can cause patient harm, highlighting the importance of precise administration using infusion pumps, institutional safety checklists, and trained nursing staff to closely monitor uterine activity and fetal heart rate changes. In this review, we summarize the physiology, pharmacology, infusion regimens, and associated risks of oxytocin.
Uterine packing with chitosan-covered tamponade to treat postpartum hemorrhage; Postpartum hemorrhage remains a major cause of maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide with higher rates found in resource-challenged countries. Conventional use of uterotonics such as oxytocin, prostaglandins, and medications to support coagulation, such as fibrinogen and tranexamic acid, are helpful but may not be sufficient to arrest life-threatening postpartum hemorrhage. Severe postpartum hemorrhage leads to an increased need for blood transfusions and the use of invasive techniques, such as intrauterine balloon tamponade, compression sutures, and arterial ligation, as advanced steps in the management cascade. In extreme cases where hemorrhage is resistant to these therapies, a hysterectomy may be necessary to avoid possible maternal death. Uterine packing with a chitosan-covered tamponade is an emerging tool in the armamentarium of the obstetrical team, especially when resources for advance surgical and other invasive options may be limited. Modified chitosan-impregnated gauze was originally described in the management of acute hemorrhage in the field of military medicine, combining the physiological antihemorrhaging effect of modified chitosan with a compression tamponade for the acute treatment of wound bleeding. The first described use in obstetrics was in 2012, showing that the chitosan-covered tamponade is an effective intervention to arrest ongoing therapy-resistant postpartum hemorrhage. Further studies showed a reduction in hysterectomies and blood transfusions. The method is, however, underreported and is not yet an established method used worldwide. To demonstrate the step-by-step application of the intrauterine chitosan-covered tamponade in the management of therapy-resistant postpartum hemorrhage, we have produced a teaching video to illustrate the important steps and techniques to optimize the effectiveness and safety of this novel intervention.
Single-balloon catheter with concomitant vaginal misoprostol is the most effective strategy for labor induction: a meta-review with network meta-analysis; Objective: Several systematic reviews and meta-analyses have been conducted to summarize the evidence for the efficacy of various labor induction agents. However, the most effective agents or strategies have not been conclusively determined. We aimed to perform a meta-review and network meta-analysis of published systematic reviews to determine the efficacy and safety of currently employed pharmacologic, mechanical, and combined methods of labor induction. Data Sources: With the assistance of an experienced medical librarian, we performed a systematic search of the literature using PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Central Register of Control Trials. We systematically searched electronic databases from inception to May 31, 2021. Study Eligibility Criteria: We considered systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials comparing different agents or methods for inpatient labor induction. Methods: We conducted a frequentist random-effects network meta-analysis employing data from randomized controlled trials of published systematic reviews. We performed direct pairwise meta-analyses to compare the efficacy of the various labor induction agents and placebo or no treatment. We performed ranking to determine the best treatment using the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. The main outcomes assessed were cesarean delivery, vaginal delivery within 24 hours, operative vaginal delivery, hyperstimulation, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and Apgar scores of <7 at 5 minutes of birth. Results: We included 11 systematic reviews and extracted data from 207 randomized controlled trials with a total of 40,854 participants. When assessing the efficacy of all agents and methods, the combination of a single-balloon catheter with misoprostol was the most effective in reducing the odds of cesarean delivery and vaginal birth >24 hours (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9 for each). Among the pharmacologic agents, low-dose vaginal misoprostol was the most effective in reducing the odds of cesarean delivery, whereas high-dose vaginal misoprostol was the most effective in achieving vaginal delivery within 24 hours (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9 for each). Single-balloon catheter (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.8) and double-balloon catheter (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) were the most effective in reducing the odds of operative vaginal delivery and hyperstimulation. Buccal or sublingual misoprostol (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) and the combination of single-balloon catheter and misoprostol (surface under the cumulative ranking curve of 0.9) most effectively reduced the odds of abnormal Apgar scores and neonatal intensive care unit admissions. Conclusion: The combination of a single-balloon catheter with misoprostol was the most effective method in reducing the odds for cesarean delivery and prolonged time to vaginal delivery. This method was associated with a reduction in admissions to the neonatal intensive care unit.
Correlation between essential and toxic elements in maternal blood during early pregnancy and atrial septal defects/ventricular septal defects/patent ductus arteriosus in offspring; Background: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common congenital malformation in the world. Recent studies have found that essential and toxic trace element levels may play a crucial role in the risk of neonatal malformation. However, the relationships between element levels in early pregnancy and CHD risk among humans remain unclear. This study investigates the association between maternal essential element (copper [Cu], zinc [Zn], calcium [Ca], manganese [Mg] and iron [Fe]) and toxic element (lead [Pb] and cadmium [Cd]) levels during early pregnancy and CHDs. Methods: A hospital-based case–control study was conducted, including 181 cases and 218 controls. Eligible participants underwent antenatal examination during gestational weeks 11–14 and trace element levels were detected by the atomic absorption method. Multi-variable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between the level of maternal trace elements and CHD risks. Results: Higher levels of Ca in early pregnancy were associated with lower risk of ASD/VSD risks. Moreover, higher Fe, Pb, and Cd levels in the first trimester were associated with higher risks of all CHD and the subtypes risks, and the tests for trend were significant (all p <.05). The restricted cubic spline analysis showed that there was a nonlinear inverted u-shaped dose–response relationship between levels of Zn, Pb, and Cd in the first trimester and risk of CHDs (non-linearity test p <.05). Conclusions: A moderate increase in Zn and Ca levels and a decrease in Pb and Cd levels during early pregnancy are needed to reduce the incidence of CHDs in the Chinese population.
Inclusion of Pregnant Women in Clinical Trials: Need, Ethical and Scientific Considerations and Current Status; This article summarizes all aspects related to the exclusion and inclusion of pregnant women in clinical trials. Historically to date, pregnant women were observed as most excluded population from clinical research. There are various scientific as well as ethical reasons behind their exclusion. However, given the burden of various illnesses and diseases during pregnancy, there is a need to include them in clinical research. Available data regarding safety and efficacy of medicinal products were also collected from accidental exposure. But these evidences are insufficient to give results. Various ethical aspects and scientific reasons are also given proper evidences to include pregnant women in clinical trials. In this review, we have summarized data from clinicaltrials.gov.in on completed clinical trials exclusively on pregnant women and ongoing clinical trials in pregnant women to find out the current status of pregnant women in clinical research. There is a need to consider designing of clinical trials in pregnant women in such a way that fear of any harm should be overcome, such that more pregnant women can participate in clinical trials.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and its Effects on the Developing Cerebellum: A Narrative Review on Experimental Studies; Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy is a common complication of gestation, but its effects on the offspring’s development are poorly understood. Recently, some studies reported that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) impairs cerebellar development, and some genetic alterations have been described as consequences. Cerebellum, one of the hindbrain derived structures in the posterior cranial fossa, plays a crucial role in cognition and behavioral functions. In recent years, some surveys stated that gestational diabetes has adverse effects on the fetus’s cerebellum. Disruption of cerebellar cortex morphogenesis, reduce the volume of the cerebellum, reduce the thickness of cerebellar cortex layers, and its neuronal cells and effects on the expression of synaptophysin, insulin, and insulin-like growth factor-1 receptors are some of the maternal diabetes effects on developing cerebellum. On other hand, GDM, as a neurotoxic agent, impaired cerebellar development and could be a cause for the behavioral, functional, and structural anomalies observed in pups of diabetic mothers. Based on the literature review, most studies have pointed out that administering insulin in patients with GDM decreased the cellular and molecular alterations that induced by GDM in the developing cerebellum. Undoubtedly, screening strategies for all pregnant women are necessary.
THE ROLE OF PHARMACISTS IN MANAGING GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS: A DESCRIPTIVE REVIEW; Background: The management of diabetes poses challenges due to the array of available medications and the absence of comprehensive comparative trials. To address this, the Spanish Diabetes Society commissioned a Working Group to create a dynamic document tailored to national context. Objective: The document emphasizes individualized treatment decisions by healthcare providers, considering patient characteristics and treatment safety. Regular updates ensure alignment with evolving evidence and expert insights. Key Aspects: 1. Goals of Control: Initial treatment typically involves lifestyle modifications and metformin. For patients with HbA1c above 8.5%, insulin therapy may be initiated, possibly in combination with oral medications. Stepwise adjustments and close monitoring are essential to optimize patient outcomes and minimize complications. 2. Inertia Therapy: Monitoring metabolic control, tolerance to treatment, and associated complications are crucial after therapy initiation. Regular reassessment and adjustments are necessary to maintain optimal control. 3. Staggered Therapeutic Approaches: Medication choice is influenced by factors such as HbA1c levels, risk of hypoglycemia, and patient characteristics. Various alternatives to metformin, including sulfonylureas, DPP-4 inhibitors, glinides, thiazolidinediones, and basal insulin, are considered based on individual patient responses. 4. Combination Therapies: Combinations of medications, such as metformin with sulfonylureas, DPP-4 inhibitors, or GLP-1 receptor agonists, are explored for efficacy and safety. Insulin therapy is considered in cases of poor metabolic control or intolerance to oral medications. 5. Treatment Algorithms: Algorithms guide the sequential addition of medications based on patient response, aiming to achieve optimal metabolic control while minimizing adverse effects. Conclusion: The comprehensive framework outlined in the document aims to guide clinicians in navigating the complexities of diabetes management. It emphasizes individualized treatment approaches tailored to patient needs and safety considerations, with regular updates to reflect evolving evidence and expert consensus.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non-coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all-language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations.
Navigating the spectrum of double-outlet right ventricle presentations: Outcomes from a contemporary cohort based on subtypes; Purpose: Our aim in this study was to investigate the prenatal and postnatal prognosis of double outlet right ventricle (DORV) cases diagnosed prenatally by analyzing the outcomes based on the subtype. Methods: This study is a retrospective chart review. Cases diagnosed with fetal DORV by prenatal ultrasound in the maternal–fetal medicine department of our hospital between 2014 and 2022 were included. Data on maternal characteristics, fetal echocardiographic features (type of DORV), pregnancy and neonatal outcomes (termination of pregnancy [TOP], intrauterine fetal death [IUD], neonatal death [NND], death in infancy (IND), survival) were collected and analyzed. Results: Ninety-nine cases of prenatally diagnosed cases of DORV were included. The prenatal diagnosis was right in 97% of the liveborn fetuses. The cases were classified into subtypes, including transposition of great arteries (TGA), Fallot, ventricular septal defect (VSD), remote, and heterotaxy types. The cohort consisted of 32.3% TGA type, 19.1% fallot type, 11.1% VSD type, 2% remote type, and 35.3% heterotaxy type of DORV. An additional cardiac anomaly was observed in 87% and an extra-cardiac anomaly was observed in 54% of the cases. When we excluded the cases with heterotaxy type but without any chromosomal abnormality, additional genetic abnormalities were detected in 42% of the remaining cases. Outcome of pregnancy was livebirth in 68/99 (68.7%), IUFD in 5/99 (5.1%), and TOP in 26/99 (26.3%). Postnatal cardiac surgical repair was performed in 48 cases. Survival among livebirths was 39/68 (57.3%). Twenty-nine neonates or infants who had additional cardiac anomalies and/or genetic abnormalities died before any surgical intervention. The postoperative survival rate was 39/48 (81.2%). Conclusion: The prognosis in DORV depends on the anatomical subtype, the presence, and severity of associated anomalies. Survival increases in isolated cases without any additional structural or genetic anomalies.
Low indoleamine 2, 3 dioxygenase (IDO) activity is associated with psycho-obstetric risk; Objectives: Preeclampsia and depression in pregnancy are among the most prevalent obstetric disorders with no known cures. While depression and preeclampsia each increase risk for the other, shared mechansisms are unclear. One possibility is low levels of Indoleamine 2,3 dioxygenase (IDO), which links immune dysregulation and oxidative arterial damage resulting in poor vascular function in both preeclampsia and depression. We hypothesized low circulating IDO activity levels in pregnancy would correspond to poor vascular function and depression symptoms. Study design: In this nested case-control study, clinical, demographic, and biologic data from a cohort of pregnant women recruited to longitudinal studies measuring noninvasive vascular function and circulating factors were analyzed. Main outcome measure: IDO activity across all three trimesters of pregnancy was measured using a colorimetric assay. Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV), a measure of arterial stiffness, was also assessed throughout gestation by non-invasive applanation tonometry. Depression symptoms were assessed in pregnancy via the validated patient health questionnaire 9 (PHQ9). Results: Participants with low second and third trimester IDO activity had significantly decreased cfPWV. This association remained statistically significant when controlled for confounders such as BMI and chronic hypertension in the third but not second trimester. While PHQ9 scores were not associated with cfPWV differences, IDO activity was lower in moderate and severely depressed relative to non-depressed pregnant individuals. Conclusion: These results implicate IDO in arterial stiffness and depression symptoms, suggesting that decreased IDO may be a central target for improved psycho-obstetric health.
Prenatal Alcohol Exposure and Metabolic Disorders in Pediatrics: The Role of the Oxidative Stress—A Review of the Literature; Prenatal alcohol exposure is responsible for increasing chronic disease risk in later life, including obesity and metabolic syndrome. Alcohol drinking may compromise endogenous antioxidant capacity, causing an increase in free radicals and reactive oxygen species in the newborn. Excessive reactive oxygen species could attack the cellular proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids, leading to cellular dysfunction. Moreover, oxidative stress could play a crucial role in the altered synthesis and release of neurotrophins and progressive mitochondrial modifications with uncontrolled apoptosis. This narrative review aims to underline the important role of alcohol abuse in oxidative stress events and consequent metabolic and neurocognitive impairments in children exposed to alcohol during gestational life.
Novel MYH7 Variant in the Neonate of a Mother with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Showing Left Ventricular Hypertrophy and Noncompaction; Background: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is a well-recognized cardiac dysfunction in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy that is morphologically characterized by numerous prominent trabeculations and deep intertrabecular recesses on cardiovascular imaging. However, there have been no case reports on neonates of mothers with GDM showing LVH and LVNC. Case presentation: A patient, with LVH of a mother with GDM, was delivered at 36 weeks of gestation. Prominent trabeculations in the LV, suggesting LVNC, instead of LVH, were apparent 1 week after birth. A heterozygous deletion variant in the MYH7 gene (NM_000257.4: c.1090T>C, p.Phe364Leu) was discovered through genetic testing using a cardiomyopathy-associated gene panel in the patient and his father and the older brother who had LVNC. The patient is now 5 years old and does not have major cardiac events, although LVNC persisted. This is the first case of LVH secondary to a mother with GDM and LVNC with a novel variant in the MYH7 gene. Conclusion: Genetic testing should be conducted to obtain an accurate outcome and medical care in a patient with LVH and subsequently prominent hypertrabeculation in the LV.
Prevalence and Diagnosis of PCOS Using Electronic Health Records: A Scoping Review and a Database Analysis; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women of reproductive age. It increases the risk of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, endometrial cancer, infertility, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. Accurately identifying predictors of these health risks is crucial. Electronic health records (EHRs) offer an affordable approach, however, the validity and reliability of EHRs for PCOS diagnosis are unclear. A scoping review of the literature on the prevalence and reliability of the diagnosis of PCOS using EHRs was performed. An analysis of the feasibility of obtaining diagnostic variables from a PCOS patient database was also carried out. Eight studies met the criteria. The prevalence of PCOS ranged from 0.27% to 5.8%. Reliability varied, with one study reporting a sensitivity of 50% and a specificity of 29%. Another study found a 74.4% agreement between international classification of disease (ICD) codes and clinical criteria. The database analysis found only 13.7%, 8%, and 7.5% of women had all the necessary variables for an objective diagnosis of PCOS using the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health (NIH), and Androgen Excess and PCOS Society (AEPCOS) criteria, respectively. Using EHRs results in an underestimation of PCOS prevalence compared to other diagnostic criteria, and many women identified may not meet the complete diagnostic criteria. These findings have implications for future research studies on PCOS prevalence and related health risks.
The Renin–Angiotensin System and Cardiovascular–Kidney–Metabolic Syndrome: Focus on Early-Life Programming; The identification of pathological links among metabolic disorders, kidney ailments, and cardiovascular conditions has given rise to the concept of cardiovascular–kidney–metabolic (CKM) syndrome. Emerging prenatal risk factors seem to increase the likelihood of CKM syndrome across an individual’s lifespan. The renin–angiotensin system (RAS) plays a crucial role in maternal–fetal health and maintaining homeostasis in cardiovascular, metabolic, and kidney functions. This review consolidates current preclinical evidence detailing how dysregulation of the RAS during pregnancy and lactation leads to CKM characteristics in offspring, elucidating the underlying mechanisms. The multi-organ effects of RAS, influencing fetal programming and triggering CKM traits in offspring, suggest it as a promising reprogramming strategy. Additionally, we present an overview of interventions targeting the RAS to prevent CKM traits. This comprehensive review of the potential role of the RAS in the early-life programming of CKM syndrome aims to expedite the clinical translation process, ultimately enhancing outcomes in cardiovascular–kidney–metabolic health.
A longitudinal study on the effect of obesity upon circulating renin-angiotensin system in normal pregnancy; Background and aims: Obesity is the most common health issue in women of reproductive age, which profoundly affects maternal-fetal health. Despite progress in understanding key inflammatory and metabolic changes, the pathogenesis of the cardiovascular phenotype of obese pregnant women remains to be fully understood. This study aimed at: (i) evaluating the changes of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) throughout pregnancy in obese vs normal weight (control) women, and (ii) evaluating the presence of any associations between maternal hemodynamic status and RAS changes. Methods and results: Thirty-eight normal weight and nineteen obese pregnant women were included. Clinical assessment, blood samples and maternal hemodynamic evaluation were performed at 12, 20, 30, and 36 weeks, while ultrasound assessment was scheduled at 20, 30, and 36 weeks of gestation. Measurements of sFlt-1, PlGF, Angiotensinogen, Renin, AngII, Ang1-7, ACE and ACE2 were performed by ELISA. Our data show that normotensive obese women had lower placental blood supply, as assessed by UV-Q and UV-Q/EFW, as compared to controls, and significantly higher levels of AngII and AngII/Ang1-7 ratio, which were inversely related to placental blood supply. Conclusions: Our study shows for the first time that normotensive obese women exhibited a significant progressive increase of AngII and AngII/Ang1-7 throughout pregnancy, which were inversely related to placental blood supply as assessed by UV-Q and UV-Q/EFW. Our data shed light on the early changes in pregnant obese women and suggest that RAS dysregulation is a prerequisite rather than a consequence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other maternal neonatal complications.
Fetal monitoring technologies for the detection of intrapartum hypoxia - challenges and opportunities; Intrapartum fetal hypoxia is related to long-term morbidity and mortality of the fetus and the mother. Fetal surveillance is extremely important to minimize the adverse outcomes arising from fetal hypoxia during labour. Several methods have been used in current clinical practice to monitor fetal well-being. For instance, biophysical technologies including cardiotocography, ST-analysis adjunct to cardiotocography, and Doppler ultrasound are used for intrapartum fetal monitoring. However, these technologies result in a high false-positive rate and increased obstetric interventions during labour. Alternatively, biochemical-based technologies including fetal scalp blood sampling and fetal pulse oximetry are used to identify metabolic acidosis and oxygen deprivation resulting from fetal hypoxia. These technologies neither improve clinical outcomes nor reduce unnecessary interventions during labour. Also, there is a need to link the physiological changes during fetal hypoxia to fetal monitoring technologies. The objective of this article is to assess the clinical background of fetal hypoxia and to review existing monitoring technologies for the detection and monitoring of fetal hypoxia. A comprehensive review has been made to predict fetal hypoxia using computational and machine-learning algorithms. The detection of more specific biomarkers or new sensing technologies is also reviewed which may help in the enhancement of the reliability of continuous fetal monitoring and may result in the accurate detection of intrapartum fetal hypoxia.
Abnormal Glucose Tolerance in Women Diagnosed With Gestational Diabetes (WHO 2013) 10 Years After Index Pregnancy; Context: It is not clear if the risk of abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) is attenuated in the long-term in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) using the World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria and who have received appropriate treatment during pregnancy. Objective: We aimed to assess the long-term prevalence of AGT and other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in this cohort. Methods: A retrospective cohort follow-up study was conducted of 37 and 107 women diagnosed with and without GDM respectively using the WHO 2013 criteria between June 2010 and December 2010. Women were invited to attend our center, where they underwent a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, blood and urine collection, body measurements, and electrocardiography. Main outcome measure included the development of AGT using the American Diabetes Association criteria. Results: Sixteen (43.2%) women with GDM compared to 5 (4.7%) women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at index pregnancy had AGT (P < .001). In the GDM group, 10 (27.0%), 7 (18.9%), and 4 (10.8%) women had impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), respectively. In the NGT group, 2 (1.9%), 3 (2.8%), and 1 (0.9%) woman had IFG, IGT, and T2DM, respectively. Women with AGT also had an unfavorable metabolic profile including obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Conclusion: Women treated for GDM (WHO 2013 criteria) remain at increased risk for developing AGT and adverse CVD risk factors as early as a decade after diagnosis. Continued efforts are needed to accurately follow this population to address modifiable risk factors.
Gestational diabetes: The future of mother and their children; Finally, although we thought there was an international consensus for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, the latest data show that the subject remains debated. However, it is perfectly demonstrated that gestational diabetes is associated with risks for the mother including a risk of type 2 diabetes multiplied by 10. Moreover, these patients are at high risk of cardiovascular disease regardless of glycemic status. Gestational diabetes therefore represents an opportunity since prevention is still possible, and it is necessary to adhere to this prevention in the long term. For the child, the follow-up data also confirm a risk of overweight and obesity, cardiovascular pathologies without ignoring the possible link between hyperglycemia in utero and neurobehavioral disorders. Hyperglycemia in utero would be for the child causing chronic diseases hence the concept of « programming metabolic diseases ».
Study Design and Protocol of the Multisite Pregnancy 24/7 Cohort Study; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. Physical activity during pregnancy reduces the risk of these APOs, yet few meet physical activity guidelines during pregnancy. Little is known about the role of sedentary behavior or sleep in APOs, a critical gap in knowledge given these behaviors comprise the majority of a 24-hour day. To address this knowledge gap, the Pregnancy 24/7 cohort study (2020–2025) uses 2 devices for 24-hour activity assessment in each trimester of pregnancy to examine associations of sedentary behavior, sleep, and the 24-hour activity cycle (composition of sedentary behavior, physical activity, and sleep) with hypertensive disorders and other APOs. Participants (n = 500) are recruited from the University of Iowa, University of Pittsburgh, and West Virginia University in early pregnancy and followed through delivery. The activPAL3 micro and Actiwatch Spectrum Plus are worn in each trimester for 7 days of 24-hour wear to assess the 24-hour activity cycle. APOs are abstracted from medical charts. This study will provide critical data to fuel future research examining how modifying the 24-hour activity cycle in pregnancy can improve maternal health.
Small Molecule Activators of Mitochondrial Fusion Prevent Congenital Heart Defects Induced by Maternal Diabetes; Most congenital heart defect (CHD) cases are attributed to nongenetic factors; however, the mechanisms underlying nongenetic factor–induced CHDs are elusive. Maternal diabetes is one of the nongenetic factors, and this study aimed to determine whether impaired mitochondrial fusion contributes to maternal diabetes–induced CHDs and if mitochondrial fusion activators, teriflunomide and echinacoside, could reduce CHD incidence in diabetic pregnancy. We demonstrated maternal diabetes-activated FoxO3a increases miR-140 and miR-195, which in turn represses Mfn1 and Mfn2, leading to mitochondrial fusion defects and CHDs. Two mitochondrial fusion activators are effective in preventing CHDs in diabetic pregnancy.
A meta-analysis into the mediatory effects of family planning utilization on complications of pregnancy in women of reproductive age; Background Despite conflicting findings in the current literature regarding the correlation between contraceptives and maternal health consequences, statistical analyses indicate that family planning may decrease the occurrence of such outcomes. Consequently, it is crucial to assess the capability of family planning to mitigate adverse maternal health outcomes. Objectives This review investigates the effects of modern contraceptive use on maternal health. Search methods This systematic review is registered on Prospero (CRD42022332783). We searched numerous databases with an upper date limit of February 2022 and no geographical boundaries. Selection criteria We included observational studies, including cross-sectional, cohort, case-control studies, and non-RCT with a comparison group. We excluded systematic reviews, scoping reviews, narrative reviews, and meta-analyses from the body of this review. Main results The review included nineteen studies, with five studies reporting a reduction in maternal mortality linked to increased access to family planning resources and contraceptive use. Another three studies examined the impact of contraception on the risk of preeclampsia and our analysis found that preeclampsia risk was lower by approximately 6% among contraceptive users (95% CI 0.82–1.13) compared to non-users. Two studies assessed the effect of hormonal contraceptives on postpartum glucose tolerance and found that low-androgen contraception was associated with a reduced risk of gestational diabetes (OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.58–1.22), while DMPA injection was possibly linked to a higher risk of falling glucose status postpartum (OR 1.42, 95% CI 0.85–2.36). Two studies evaluated high-risk pregnancies and births in contraceptive users versus non-users, with the risk ratio being 30% lower among contraceptive users of any form (95% CI 0.61, 0.80). None of these results were statistically significant except the latter. In terms of adverse maternal health outcomes, certain contraceptives were found to be associated with ectopic pregnancy and pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism through additional analysis.
Associations between hypertension with reproductive and menopausal factors: An integrated women's health programme (IWHP) study; Background Women are less likely to have classic cardiovascular risk factors than men, and events during their reproductive and menopausal years may increase hypertension risk. The aim of this study is to examine woman-specific factors, including menstrual, reproductive and pregnancy complications, in relation to the prevalence of hypertension in mid-life Asian women. Methods This is a cross-sectional study of 1146 healthy women aged 45-69 years, from a multi-ethnic Asian cohort. The women completed an extensive questionnaire that included their sociodemographic details, medical history, lifestyle and physical activity, and reproductive and menopausal history. They also underwent objectively measured physical performance tests and a dual X-ray absorptiometry scan. Hypertension was defined as a systolic BP ≥140 and/or diastolic BP ≥90mm Hg, past diagnosis by a physician, or use of antihypertensive medications. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the independent risk factors for hypertension. Results The average age of the 1146 women analysed was 56.3 (SD 6.2) years, and 55.2 percent of them were hypertensive. The prevalence of gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension was 12.6% and 9.4%, respectively. Besides age, abnormal menstrual cycle length at 25 years of age (OR:2.35, CI:1.34-4.13), preeclampsia (OR:2.46, CI:1.06-5.74), increased visceral adiposity (OR:4.21, CI:2.28-7.79) and reduced physical performance (OR:2.83, CI:1.46-5.47) were independently associated with hypertension in Asian women. Conclusions Our findings highlight the necessity of including features of menstrual and reproductive history as possible indicators of hypertension risk in cardiovascular disease risk assessment and prevention among Asian women. Reducing visceral adiposity and exercise to improve physical performance may help women avoid developing hypertension.
The double-edged scalpel: Experiences and perceptions of pregnancy and parenthood during Canadian surgical residency training; Introduction Only 34% of Canadian surgeons in 2022 were female. The protracted length of surgical residency training, concerns regarding infertility, and increased rates of obstetrical complications have been shown to contribute to the disproportionate lack of females in surgical specialties. Methods A novel online survey was sent to all surgical residents in Canada. Respondents were asked about perceptions of pregnancy and parenthood during surgical training, and parents were asked about parental leave, accommodations they received, and pregnancy complications. Chi squared tests were used to compare opinions of male and female residents. Results A total of 272/2,419 (11.2%) responses were obtained, with a high response from females (61.8%) and orthopaedic residents (29.0%). There were 56 women reporting 76 pregnancy events during training, 62.5% of which had complications. Notably, 27.3% of men and 86.7% of women 'agreed' or 'strongly agreed' that surgeons have higher pregnancy complication rates than the general population (p<0.001). Men were much less likely to believe that pregnant residents should be offered modified duties (74.2% of men, 90.0% of women, p = 0.003). Women were much more likely to experience significant stigma or bias due to their status as a parent (43% of women, 0% of men, p<0.001). Women reported negative comments from others at a higher rate (58.5% of women, 40.7% of men, p = 0.013). Women believe there is negative stigma attached to being pregnant during training (62.7% of women, 42.7% of men, p = 0.01). The limitations of our study include a small sample size and response bias.
Immediate postnatal prediction of death or bronchopulmonary dysplasia among very preterm and very low birth weight infants based on gradient boosting decision trees algorithm: A nationwide database study in Japan; Bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) poses a substantial global health burden. Individualized treatment strategies based on early prediction of the development of BPD can mitigate preterm birth complications; however, previously suggested predictive models lack early postnatal applicability. We aimed to develop predictive models for BPD and mortality based on immediate postnatal clinical data. Methods Clinical information on very preterm and very low birth weight infants born between 2008 and 2018 was extracted from a nationwide Japanese database. The gradient boosting decision trees (GBDT) algorithm was adopted to predict BPD and mortality, using predictors within the first 6 h postpartum. We assessed the temporal validity and evaluated model adequacy using Shapley additive explanations (SHAP) values. Results We developed three predictive models using data from 39,488, 39,096, and 40,291 infants to predict “death or BPD,” “death or severe BPD,” and “death before discharge,” respectively. These well-calibrated models achieved areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.828 (95% CI: 0.828–0.828), 0.873 (0.873–0.873), and 0.887 (0.887–0.888), respectively, outperforming the multivariable logistic regression models. SHAP value analysis identified predictors of BPD, including gestational age, size at birth, male sex, and persistent pulmonary hypertension. In SHAP value-based case clustering, the “death or BPD” prediction model stratified infants by gestational age and persistent pulmonary hypertension, whereas the other models for “death or severe BPD” and “death before discharge” commonly formed clusters of low mortality, extreme prematurity, low Apgar scores, and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. Conclusions GBDT models for predicting BPD and mortality, designed for use within 6 h postpartum, demonstrated superior prognostic performance. SHAP value-based clustering, a data-driven approach, formed clusters of clinical relevance. These findings suggest the efficacy of a GBDT algorithm for the early postnatal prediction of BPD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and risk of type 2 diabetes 4 years after the index pregnancy in Moroccan women; Background: GDM, a transitory form of diabetes first recognized during pregnancy, is a known harbinger of future T2DM, hypertension, and cardiac disease (1). To prevent the future onset of T2DM in mothers and offspring, preventive postpartum care and follow-up are necessary. However, the area remains grossly underprioritized. Aim: The objective of this study is to examine long-term metabolic changes including T2DM in a cohort of Moroccan women with a known history of GDM. Method: A prospective cohort study was conducted in Morocco, from November 16, 2020, to December 31, 2021. A total of 355 women participated in the study. Results: Although our study population is relatively young (mean age 31.1 years), having GDM in the index pregnancy was 3.06 (OR = 3.06; 95% IC 1.25–7.52) times more likely to develop T2D within 4 years compared to women with no GDM after controlling for other confounding variables. Women with obesity (BMI ≥ 30 kg/ m2)were 4.15 times more likely to develop T2DM than women with normal weight (OR = 4.15; 95% IC 1.31–13.17). Complying with the recommended healthy diet was a protective factor, decreasing markedly the risk of developing diabetes within 4 years (OR 0.37; 95% CI 0.15–0.89). GDM and obesity were significant predictors of the development of T2DM after controlling for family history of diabetes mellitus (DM), GDM in previous pregnancies, age, parity, and physical activity. Conclusion: Given the emerging burden of gestational diabetes and the steady increase in diabetes-related morbidity and mortality rates (2), there is a pressing need to transform the current MCH system to address a burgeoning metabolic challenge for this high-risk population. Initiating interventions during the postpartum has the potential to confer long-term maternal-child benefits (3)
Impact of type 2 diabetes on complications after primary breast cancer surgery: Danish population-based cohort study; Background: Knowledge is sparse on the impact of type 2 diabetes (T2D) on surgical outcomes after breast cancer surgery. This study investigated the association between T2D and risk of complications after primary breast cancer surgery, and evaluated the biological interaction between T2D and co-morbidities. Methods: Using the Danish Breast Cancer Group clinical database, a cohort of all Danish women diagnosed with early-stage breast cancer during 1996-2022 was created. All patients underwent mastectomy or breast-conserving surgery. Information on prevalent T2D was collected from Danish medical and prescription registries. Surgical complications were defined as hospital diagnoses for medical or surgical complications developing within 30 days after primary breast cancer surgery. The 30-day cumulative incidence proportion of complications was calculated, and Cox regression was used to estimate HRs. Interaction contrasts were computed to determine the additive interaction between T2D and co-morbidities on the incidence rate of complications. Results: Among 98 589 women with breast cancer, 6332 (6.4%) had T2D at breast cancer surgery. Overall, 1038 (16.4%) and 9861 (10.7%) women with and without T2D developed surgical complications, yielding cumulative incidence proportions of 16 (95% c.i. 15 to 17) and 11 (10 to 11)% respectively, and a HR of 1.43 (95% c.i. 1.34 to 1.53). The incidence rate of surgical complications explained by the interaction of T2D with moderate and severe co-morbidity was 21 and 42%, respectively. Conclusion: Women with breast cancer and T2D had a higher risk of complications after primary breast cancer surgery than those without T2D. A synergistic effect of T2D and co-morbidity on surgical complications can explain this association.
Abnormal umbilical cord coiling and association with pregnancy factors; The umbilical cord, as a connecting bridge between two lives, plays an important role in fetal development. Though studies on the umbilical cord date back many years, extensive studies on certain umbilical cord characteristics, such as umbilical cord coiling, are rare. Cord coiling, measured by the umbilical coiling index, is a physiological phenomenon that offers resistance to external pressures. Umbilical cord coiling is a result of several factors, both environmental and genetic. However, umbilical cords sometimes coil abnormally, resulting in hypocoiling, hypercoiling, or non-coiling which have significant associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. An all-language literature search was conducted on Medline from 1970 to 2023. The following search terms were used; umbilical cord; umbilical coiling; coiling index; abnormal coiling; perinatal outcomes, and cross-referencing yielded further information. We comprehensively reviewed the literature on umbilical cord coiling, factors contributing to coiling, abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord, and the association with several factors including maternal age, gravida, gestational diabetes mellitus, pre-eclampsia, abruption, birth weight, intrauterine growth retardation, maternal iron status, small for gestational age, fetal heart rate variations, ponderal index, and sought possible explanations.
Approach the Patient With Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Obesity; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and obesity are highly prevalent and bidirectionally associated. OSA is underrecognized, however, particularly in women. By mechanisms that overlap with those of obesity, OSA increases the risk of developing, or having poor outcomes from, comorbid chronic disorders and impairs quality of life. Using 2 illustrative cases, we discuss the relationships between OSA and obesity with type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, cognitive disturbance, mood disorders, lower urinary tract symptoms, sexual function, and reproductive disorders. The differences in OSA between men and women, the phenotypic variability of OSA, and comorbid sleep disorders are highlighted. When the probability of OSA is high due to consistent symptoms, comorbidities, or both, a diagnostic sleep study is advisable. Continuous positive airway pressure or mandibular advancement splints improve symptoms. Benefits for comorbidities are variable depending on nightly duration of use. By contrast, weight loss and optimization of lifestyle behaviors are consistently beneficial.
Erratum: Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (J Clin Endo Metab (2023) DOI: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600); In the above-named article by Rosenberg EA and Seely EW (J Clin Endo Metab. 2023; doi: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600), there were typographical errors within the article: In Table 1, under the column “Pregnancy outcome/reproductive risk factors,” “GD” has been corrected to read “GDM.” In the abbreviations of Table 1, “GD” has been corrected to read “GDM.” In Table 3, under the column “Definition,” in the “Preeclampsia” row, “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestation without proteinuria or new signs of end-organ dysfunctiona” has been corrected to read “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥140 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestationa.” “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mmHg)b” has been corrected to read “New onset hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥110 mmHg) at ≥20 weeks of gestationb.” “Proteinuria (300 mg/24 hour urine, protein/Cr ratio 0.3, dipstick reading 2 + protein)” has been corrected to read “Proteinuria (≥300 mg/24 hour urine, or protein/Cr ratio ≥ 0.3, or dipstick reading ≥2 + protein).” “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 100 000)” has been corrected to read “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count < 100 000 /microL).” “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr)” has been corrected to read “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr in the absence of other kidney disease).” In Table 3, under the column “Definition,” in the “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy” row, “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy” has been corrected to read “Severe features of hypertensive disorders of pregnancyc.” The following text has been added to the footnotes of the table, “cIn an individual with preeclampsia, the presence of one or more severe features designates a diagnosis of “preeclampsia with severe features.” “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 100 000)” has been corrected to read “Thrombocytopenia (platelet count < 100 000 /microL).” “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr)” has been corrected to read “Renal insufficiency (serum Cr >1.1 mg/dL or doubling of the serum Cr in the absence of other kidney disease).” “Visual symptoms” has been corrected to read “Visual disturbance.” The article has been corrected online. doi: 10.1210/clinem/dgad600.
Long-term Cardiovascular Disease After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are cardiovascular risk factors that are unique to women and include gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia. While these risk factors emerge during the reproductive years and allow for early risk reduction counseling, they are often overlooked and not elicited by providers. This mini-review focuses primarily on GDM and preeclampsia, their relationship with CVD, mechanisms by which these conditions lead to CVD, and management, pharmacological and nonpharmacological, for the clinician who is caring for a woman with a history of an APO.
Beneficial effects of dietary omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids on offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus; Various mechanisms through which maternal diet influences offspring brain development in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains unclear. We speculate that prenatal omega 3 fatty acids will improve the levels of brain neurotrophins and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), an angiogenic factor leading to improved cognitive performance in the offspring. GDM was induced in Wistar rats using streptozotocin. They were assigned to either control, GDM or GDM+O (GDM + omega-3 fatty acid supplementation). The offspring were followed till 3 mo of age and cognitive assessment was undertaken. Data analysis was carried out using one-way ANOVA followed by LSD test. GDM induction increased (p < 0.01) dam glucose levels and lowered brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels (p = 0.056) in the offspring at birth. At 3 months, GDM group showed significantly lower levels of neurotrophic tyrosine kinase receptor-2 (NTRK-2) and VEGF, lower mRNA levels of NTRK-2 and cAMP response element-binding protein (CREB) (P < 0.05 for all) as compared to control. The GDM offspring had a higher escape latency (p < 0.01), made lesser % correct choices and more errors (p < 0.05 for both). Prenatal supplementation with omega 3 polyunsaturated fatty acids was beneficial since it ameliorated some of the adverse effects of GDM.
Risk of major congenital heart disease in pregestational maternal diabetes is modified by hemoglobin A1c; OBJECTIVES: The association between pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM) and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well recognized; however, the importance of glycemic control and other coexisting risk factors during pregnancy is less clear. We sought to determine the relative risk (RR) of major CHD (mCHD) among offspring from pregnancies complicated by PDM and the effect of first-trimester glycemic control on mCHD risk. METHODS: We determined the incidence of mCHD (requiring surgery within 1 year of birth or resulting in pregnancy termination or fetal demise) among registered births in Alberta, Canada. Linkage of diabetes status, maximum hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at < 16 weeks' gestation and other covariates was performed using data from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry. Risk of mCHD according to HbA1c was estimated as an adjusted RR (aRR), calculated using log-binomial modeling. RESULTS: Of 1412 cases of mCHD in 594 773 (2.37/1000) births in the study period, mCHD was present in 48/7497 with PDM (6.4/1000; RR, 2.8 (95% CI, 2.1-3.7); P < 0.0001). In the entire cohort, increased maternal age (aRR, 1.03 (95% CI, 1.02-1.04); P < 0.0001) and multiple gestation (aRR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.1-1.8); P = 0.02) were also associated with mCHD risk, whereas maternal prepregnancy weight > 91 kg was not. The stratified risk for mCHD associated with HbA1c ≤ 6.1%, > 6.1-8.0% and > 8.0% was 4.2/1000, 6.8/1000 and 17.1/1000 PDM/gestational diabetes mellitus births, respectively; the aRR of mCHD associated with PDM and HbA1c > 8.0% was 8.5 (95% CI, 5.0-14.4) compared to those without diabetes and 5.5 (95% CI, 1.6-19.4) compared to PDM with normal HbA1c (≤ 6.1%). CONCLUSIONS: PDM is associated with a RR of 2.8 for mCHD, increasing to 8.5 in those with HbA1c > 8%. These data should facilitate refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Beyond Pregnancy: Meta-Analysis of Lifestyle Intervention for Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus in Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Among parous women,1 in 3 have a pregnancy complication, increasing chances of developing Diabetes Mellitus(DM), Hypertension, or heart disease. Lifestyle intervention is recommended to reduce cardiovascular morbidity risk after complicated pregnancies. The effect of lifestyle intervention on the risk of type 2 DM in women with prior Gestational DM (GDM) is not widely studied. Our study highlights the impact of lifestyle intervention on risk of type 2 DM in women with prior GDM. Methods: We ran a systemic literature search of PubMed, EMBASE, Clinical Trials.gov, and Google Scholar from January 2000 to August 2023 for relevant articles comparing lifestyle intervention (diet and physical activity) with standard care in women with prior GDM. The relative risk (RR) of DM with 95% confidence interval (CI) and p-values were extracted with fixed effect model using RevMan v.5.4. Results: Of 3100 articles that were screened, 28 underwent full-text review, and 11 studies met the inclusion criteria. Of 11 studies, 1661 were evaluated in intervention group (IG) and 1671 in control group (CG). The mean age of participants was 26.1-39 years, with a baseline body mass index (BMI) range (R) of 23.4-31.4 kg/m2 and a follow-up duration with R of 4-36 months. On analysis, the incidence of type 2 DM was 7.6% in IG compared to CG (10.35%). IG showed a 27% reduction in DM incidence as compared to CG, RR of 0.73(CI: 0.59-0.91) (p < 0.05) (Figure 1). On meta- regression analysis, duration of lifestyle intervention (R: 4-36 months) significantly impacted the observed reduction in incident type 2 DM (p < 0.05) (positive relation) as compared to baseline BMI (p = 0.21) (Figure 1). Conclusion: Our analysis highlights that lifestyle intervention in women with prior GDM positively reduces risk of type 2 DM, and intervention duration significantly impacts the long-term risk of DM and cardiovascular diseases. Further data is warranted from larger studies for stronger evidence regarding the benefits of lifestyle intervention in prior GDM patients (Figure Presented).
Association Between Life's Essential 8 and Incident Cardiovascular Disease in Women With a History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD). Whether maintaining higher cardiovascular health is associated with a lower risk of CVD in this population is not known. Aims: To evaluate the association between Life's Essential 8 (LE8) and incident CVD in women with a history of APOs. Methods: We included 2,263 participants with a prior diagnosis of APOs (including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, small for gestational age, or preterm birth) and 107,260 parous participants without a history of APOs from the UK Biobank, all of whom were free of CVD at baseline. LE8 was calculated at baseline (range 0-100). Multivariable-adjusted Cox models were used to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) between LE8 score and incident total and subtypes of CVD. We also examined the interaction between LE8 score and incident CVD among individuals with and without a history of APOs. Results: Over a mean 13.5 years of follow-up, 197 incident CVD events were documented in women with a history of APOs. Compared to women in the bottom tertile of LE8 score (<67), those in the top tertile (>76) had a lower incidence of total CVD, HR (95% CI) of 0.43 (0.29, 0.65), CHD [0.31 (0.17, 0.56)] and AF [0.46 (0.23, 0.91)]. We observed a significant interaction between history of APOs, LE8 score, and incident CVD (Table 1). Women with a history of APO who maintained high LE8 score were at similar risk as those without APO with a high LE8 score, 0.95 (0.63-1.43), whereas there was an excess risk observed for those with an intermediate (HR with vs. without APO: 1.73 vs 1.25) and low LE8 scores (HR with vs. without APO: 2.48 vs 1.81). Conclusion: Among women with a history of APOs, better cardiovascular health as assessed using the LE8 score was associated with a significantly lower incidence of incident CVD. Additionally, women with a history of APOs who maintained high LE8 scores had similar risk of CVD as women without a history of APOs. (Figure Presented).
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Circulating Metabolites, and Risk of Future Cardiovascular Disease in US Women; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with higher lifetime cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women, even without subsequent type 2 diabetes (T2D). Dysregulation of lipid and amino acid metabolism precedes CVD and has been associated with T2D in women with GDM history. However, the precise metabolic pathways contributing to the persistent CVD risk after GDM remain unknown. Hypothesis: A metabolomic signature of GDM history is associated with higher CVD risk. Methods: Using elastic net regression, we constructed a postpartum (24-72 hours after delivery) metabolomic signature of GDM using maternal plasma metabolomics data in the Boston Birth Cohort (BBC; 161 GDM; 1,178 non-GDM; 64% Black). The GDM signature was internally validated in the BBC using leave-one-out cross-validation and externally replicated in a subset of Nurses' Health Study II (NHS2; 392 prior GDM; 2,326 no GDM; 98% White) with available postpartum (a median of 17.5 years after delivery) plasma metabolomics data. CVD was defined as a composite of coronary artery disease (CAD; coronary artery bypass grafting, myocardial infarction, and coronary death) and stroke. Cox proportional hazards model was used to examine associations between the GDM signature and incident CVD in both NHS2 and Nurses' Health Study (NHS; no data on GDM history; 95% White). A genome-wide association study (GWAS) was conducted in NHS2 and NHS to identify genes implicated in the GDM signature. Results: The externally validated GDM signature consists of 44 metabolites (21 lipids, 10 amino acids, and others). Women with prior GDM had a higher signature score than those without in both BBC (p=2x10-20) and NHS2 (p=0.004). In NHS2 (n=2,718), 97 CVD cases (17 cases in 392 women with prior GDM) were documented in 23 years of follow-up. The GDM signature was significantly associated with higher risk of CVD (HR = 1.31 [1.04-1.65] for per-SD increase in the signature score) and CAD (HR = 1.81 [1.30-2.52]) but not stroke (HR = 1.05 [0.76-1.45]) after adjusting for age, race, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure, baseline T2D, medication use, and lifestyle factors. The associations did not change after additionally adjusting for GDM history and incident T2D. The GDM signature mediated associations between GDM and CAD (5.7%; p=0.048) and CVD (4.4%; p=0.038). In NHS (n=4,469), 874 CVD cases were documented in 31 years of follow-up. The GDM signature was associated with incident CAD (adjusted HR = 1.18 [1.07-1.29]) but not CVD and stroke. In GWAS, we identified genetic loci harboring genes (FADS1, FADS2, and SOX2-OT) related to fatty acid metabolism, blood lipid levels, glycemic traits, BMI, and insomnia. Conclusions: We identified and validated a metabolomic signature associated with GDM history, which was associated an increased risk of future CVD, especially CAD. Ongoing work is underway to replicate these findings in other racial and ethnic groups.
Fetal Arrhythmia Leading to a Diagnosis of Congenital Long QT Syndrome Type II; We describe the case of an asymptomatic young pregnant woman with a diagnosis of congenital long QT syndrome type II in the context of in utero fetal 2:1 heart block and ventricular tachycardia. The presentation, clinical considerations, and management of the mother and baby in the antepartum and postpartum periods are discussed.
Opportunities in the Postpartum Period to Reduce Cardiovascular Disease Risk after Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; Adverse pregnancy outcomes are common among pregnant individuals and are associated with long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. Individuals with adverse pregnancy outcomes also have an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease risk factors after delivery. Despite this, evidence-based approaches to managing these patients after pregnancy to reduce cardiovascular disease risk are lacking. In this scientific statement, we review the current evidence on interpregnancy and postpartum preventive strategies, blood pressure management, and lifestyle interventions for optimizing cardiovascular disease using the American Heart Association Life's Essential 8 framework. Clinical, health system, and community-level interventions can be used to engage postpartum individuals and to reach populations who experience the highest burden of adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease. Future trials are needed to improve screening of subclinical cardiovascular disease in individuals with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, before the onset of symptomatic disease. Interventions in the fourth trimester, defined as the 12 weeks after delivery, have great potential to improve cardiovascular health across the life course.
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in β-thalassemia major and intermedia: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Advancements in orally bioavailable iron chelators and MRI methods have improved life expectancy and reproductive potential in thalassemia major (TM) and thalassemia intermedia (TI). Pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, frequency of which has not been well delineated. This systematic review aims to provide risk estimates of maternal and fetal outcomes in TM and TI and explore pregnancy’s impact on iron homeostasis. Fifteen studies (429 participants, 684 pregnancies) were included. Meta-analysis revealed a higher thrombosis risk in TI (3.7%) compared to TM (0.92%), unchanged from prepregnancy. Heart failure risks in the earlier years appeared similar (TM 1.6% vs TI 1.1%), and maternal mortality in TM was 3.7%, but with current management, these risks are rare. Gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia occurred in 3.9% and 11.3% of TM pregnancies, respectively. Caesarean section rates were 83.9% in TM and 67% in TI. No significant difference in stillbirth, small for gestational age neonates, or preterm birth incidence between TM and TI was observed. In TM pregnancies, red cell requirements significantly increased (from 102 to 139 ml/kg/year, P = 0.001), and 70% of TI pregnancies required blood transfusions. As expected, increased transfusion alongside chelation cessation led to a significant increase in serum ferritin during pregnancy (TM by 1005 ng/mL; TI by 332 ng/mL, P < 0.0001). Deterioration in iron status was further reflected by an increase in liver iron concentration (from 4.6 to 11.9 mg/g dry weight, P < 0.0001), and myocardial T2-star (T2*) magnetic resonance imaging decreased (from 36.2 ± 2.5 ms to 31.1 ms) during pregnancy. These findings emphasize the elevated maternal risk of iron-related cardiomyopathy during pregnancy and labor, stressing the importance of cardiac monitoring and postpartum chelation therapy resumption.
Cohort profile: The Nanjing Diabetes Cohort database – a population-based surveillance cohort; Purpose: To study epidemiology, complications, risk factors, clinical course and treatment patterns of diabetes, the Nanjing Diabetes Cohort (NDC) was established using anonymized electronic medical records from 650 hospitals and primary cares since 2020. This cohort provides valuable data for researchers and policymakers working on diabetes management and public health strategies. Participants: Diabetes was defined as having inpatient or outpatient encounters with diagnosis of diabetes ICD-9/10 codes, any use of insulin or oral hypoglycemic drugs, or one encounter with hemoglobin A1C > 4.8mmol/mol or 6.5%. Patients with diabetes have been continuously enrolled from hospitals and primary cares in Nanjing since 2020. Demographic, medications, and comorbidities data were extracted using clinical notes, diagnostic codes, labs, medications, and vital signs among different types of diabetes. Findings to date: The NDC consisted of 1033904 patients from Jan 1st, 2020 to Dec 31th, 2022, the most part of whom were male (50.62%) and from district Gulou (30.79%). The clinical characteristics and medications usage of patients with type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and other diabetes were assessed. The prevalence of hypertension, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease were 31.20%, 21.46%, and 13.74% respectively. Future plans: NDC will enroll eligible patients continuously each year. The data of NDC is maintained by Department of Medical Informatics, Nanjing Medical University.
The association between indications for cesarean delivery and surgery time; Objective: We aimed to determine risk factors for prolonged surgery time of cesarean delivery (CD). Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study in a single tertiary university–affiliated medical center (2011–2022). The study group consisted of all women who underwent CD that lasted >90 min (representing the 95th percentile of CD length in our cohort). Data were compared with CDs with an operation time of <90 min. Demographic, obstetric, and surgical characteristics, as well as indications for surgery and urgency (in labor vs. elective surgery), were compared. Results: Overall, during the study period, 31 660 CDs were performed in our center. Of them, 1397 (4.4%) lasted >90 min. After applying a multivariate analysis, abnormal placentation (relative risk [RR] 1.5 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.3–1.8]), previous uterine scar (RR, 2.15 [95% CI, 1.5–3.0]), general anesthesia (RR, 3.5 [95% CI, 2.9–4.4]) and preterm delivery (RR, 2.06 [95% CI, 1.78–2.4]) were found to be associated with prolonged surgical time. CD due to malpresentation (RR, 0.57 [95% CI, 0.46–0.7]), multiple gestations (RR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.6–0.9]), and patient request (RR, 0.56 [95% CI, 0.38–0.84]) were found to be protective factors. Conclusion: The main risk factors associated with additional surgery time in CD are general anesthesia, abnormal placentation, previous uterine scar, and preterm delivery.
Effects of Sedentary Behavior on the Complications Experienced by Pregnant Women: A Systematic Review; Pregnant women are encouraged to reduce sitting time and replace it with physical activity. Complications arising during pregnancy include gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and prenatal and postpartum depression. In this systematic review, we examined effects of sedentary behavior on the health of pregnant women. We conducted a systematic review with PubMed from year 2000 to identify the relationship between a sedentary lifestyle and psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. Data extracted included sedentary time of pregnant women, psychological effects, occurrence of GDM, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia as outcomes. Among the 200 studies retrieved, 11 were finally included after screening. The mean age of eligible pregnant women ranged from 28.5 to 32.9 years. Five studies were extracted with outcomes of psychological effects on the mother, five with GDM, and one with gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Longer sedentary time was associated with increased risks of prepartum/postpartum depression in three of five studies and GDM in three of five studies. No association was found between sedentary behavior and the risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia. Higher sedentary behavior in the second trimester of pregnancy was likely to be associated with postpartum depression. Longer sitting time may increase the risk of prenatal or postnatal depression and GDM, but no relationship was proven for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia in one study. High sedentary behavior in the second trimester may have psychological impacts. The number of studies was small and further research is needed to statistically evaluate impacts of sedentary behavior during pregnancy.
EXIST: EXamining rIsk of excesS adiposiTy—Machine learning to predict obesity-related complications; Background: Obesity is associated with an increased risk of multiple conditions, ranging from heart disease to cancer. However, there are few predictive models for these outcomes that have been developed specifically for people with overweight/obesity. Objective: To develop predictive models for obesity-related complications in patients with overweight and obesity. Methods: Electronic health record data of adults with body mass index 25–80 kg/m2 treated in primary care practices between 2000 and 2019 were utilized to develop and evaluate predictive models for nine long-term clinical outcomes using a) Lasso-Cox models and b) a machine-learning method random survival forests (RSF). Models were trained on a training dataset and evaluated on a test dataset over 100 replicates. Parsimonious models of <10 variables were also developed using Lasso-Cox. Results: Over a median follow-up of 5.6 years, study outcome incidence in the cohort of 433,272 patients ranged from 1.8% for knee replacement to 11.7% for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Harrell C-index averaged over replicates ranged from 0.702 for liver outcomes to 0.896 for death for RSF, and from 0.694 for liver outcomes to 0.891 for death for Lasso-Cox. The Harrell C-index for parsimonious models ranged from 0.675 for liver outcomes to 0.850 for knee replacement. Conclusions: Predictive modeling can identify patients at high risk of obesity-related complications. Interpretable Cox models achieve results close to those of machine learning methods and could be helpful for population health management and clinical treatment decisions.
Fetal heart rate spectral analysis in raw signals and PRSA-derived curve: normal and pathological fetuses discrimination; Abstract: Cardiotocography (CTG) is the most common technique for electronic fetal monitoring and consists of the simultaneous recording of fetal heart rate (FHR) and uterine contractions. In analogy with the adult case, spectral analysis of the FHR signal can be used to assess the functionality of the autonomic nervous system. To do so, several methods can be employed, each of which has its strengths and limitations. This paper aims at performing a methodological investigation on FHR spectral analysis adopting 4 different spectrum estimators and a novel PRSA-based spectral method. The performances have been evaluated in terms of the ability of the various methods to detect changes in the FHR in two common pregnancy complications: intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and gestational diabetes. A balanced dataset containing 2178 recordings distributed between the 32nd and 38th week of gestation was used. The results show that the spectral method derived from the PRSA better differentiates high-risk pregnancies vs. controls compared to the others. Specifically, it more robustly detects an increase in power percentage within the movement frequency band and a decrease in high frequency between pregnancies at high risk in comparison to those at low risk. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on carotid artery intima-media thickness in and after pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA) intima-media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the correlation between GDM and CCA-IMT in and after pregnancy. Methods: PubMed and EMBASE databases were systematically reviewed on April 2023. Studies measuring CCA-IMT in both pregnant women with GDM and women with previous history of GDM (pGDM) vs. healthy controls were included. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of CCA-IMT were calculated using the random-effect model. Results: Nineteen studies with a total of 302 GDM and 861 pGDM women were analyzed. The average value of CCA-IMT measured in GDM/pGDM (0.59 ± 0.12 mm) was slightly increased in comparison to the accepted reference limits of IMT according to age classes. Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the studies involving both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall statistic I2 of 86.0% (p < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the studies conducted on both GDM and pGDM women, with an overall SMD of 0.89 (95%CI 0.63–1.15, p < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a p-value of 0.37, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all potential confounders (number of patients, age at pregnancy, body mass index, measuring time, follow-up duration and GDM criteria) were not significantly associated with effect modification. Conclusions: GDM in and after pregnancy is independently associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. The association between GDM and carotid remodeling is potentially mediated by the longstanding underlying risk.
Low-dose diazoxide is safe and effective in infants with transient hyperinsulinism; Objective: Transient hyperinsulinism (THI) is the most common form of recurrent hypoglycaemia in neonates beyond the first week of life. Although self-resolving, treatment can be required. Consensus guidelines recommend the lower end of the diazoxide 5–15 mg/kg/day range in THI to reduce the risk of adverse events. We sought to determine if doses <5 mg/kg/day of diazoxide can be effective in THI. Design, Patients, Measurments: Infants with THI (duration <6 months) were treated with low-dose diazoxide from October 2015 to February 2021. Dosing was based on weight at diazoxide start: 2 mg/kg/day in infants 1000–2000 g (cohort 1), 3 mg/kg/day in those 2000–3500 g (cohort 2) and 5 mg/kg/day in those >3500 g. Results: A total of 73 infants with THI (77% male, 33% preterm, 52% small-for-gestational age) were commenced on diazoxide at a median age of 11 days (range 3–43) for a median duration of 4 months (0.3–6.8), with no difference between cohorts. The mean effective diazoxide dose was 3 mg/kg/day (range 1.5–10); 35% (26/73) required an increase from their starting dose, including 60% (9/15) of cohort 1. There was no association between perinatal stress risk factors or treatment-related characteristics and dose increase. Adverse events occurred in 13 patients (18%); oedema (12%) and hyponatraemia (5%) were the most common. Two infants developed suspected necrotising enterocolitis (NEC); none had pulmonary hypertension. Conclusion: Diazoxide doses <5 mg/kg/day are effective in THI. While the nature of the association between diazoxide and NEC was unclear, other adverse events were mild. We suggest considering starting doses as low as 2–3 mg/kg/day in THI to balance the side effect risk while maintaining euglycaemia.
Comparisons of clinical outcomes between newly diagnosed early- and late-onset T2DM: a real-world study from the Shanghai Hospital Link Database; Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the differences in incident population, comorbidities, and glucose-lowering drug prescriptions between newly diagnosed patients with early-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and those with late-onset T2DM to provide real-world evidence for clinical practice. Methods: This study was based on the Shanghai Hospital Link Database (SHLD). Anonymized electronic medical record (EHR) data from 2013 to 2021 were included in this study. Newly diagnosed patients with T2DM were defined as those without related diagnostic records or glucose-lowering medicine prescriptions in the past 3 years. Early-onset T2DM was defined as patients who were aged 18–40 years old at the first visit for T2DM to represent those who were born after the 1980s. And late-onset T2DM was defined as those aged 65–80 years old to represent those who were born in a relatively undeveloped period. Descriptive statistical analyses were performed to describe their incidence number, glucose-lowering drug prescriptions, and comorbidities at the first visit to the hospital between two T2DM groups. Results: There were a total of 35,457 newly diagnosed patients with early-onset T2DM and 149,108 newly diagnosed patients with late-onset T2DM included in this study. Patients with late-onset T2DM constituted the majority and their number increased by 2.5% on average by years, while the number of patients with early-onset T2DM remained stable each year. Compared with late-onset T2DM patients, more early-onset T2DM patients had dyslipidemia at the first visit to hospitals (9.5% vs 7.7%, P < 0.01) despite their significant age differences. Patients with early-onset T2DM were more likely to use metformin (74.8% vs 46.5, P < 0.01), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DDP-4i) (16.7% vs 11.2%, P < 0.01), thiazolidinediones (TZD) (14.9% vs 8.4%, P < 0.01), sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2-i) (0.8% vs 0.3%, P < 0.01), and glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RA) (3.7% vs 0.5%, P < 0.01) at their first visit to the hospital.Conclusions: Different characteristics were observed between patients with early-onset T2DM and those with late-onset T2DM. Compared with patients with late-onset T2DM, those with early-onset T2DM were more prone to dyslipidemia and had novel organ-protective drugs prescribed.
Knowledge and care regarding long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are substantial risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Identifying these high-risk female individuals during pregnancy offers the possibility of preventing long-term CVD and chronic kidney disease via a structured therapeutic and surveillance plan. We aimed to evaluate the current practice of postpartum care in women after APO and the impact on the women’s awareness about their future risk for CVD. Methods: Women diagnosed with PE and GDM at the University Hospital of St. Poelten/Lilienfeld between 2015–2020 were identified and participated in a structured telephone interview about postpartum medical care and knowledge about the impact of APOs on long-term cardiovascular health. Results: Of 161 out of the 750 women contacted, 29% (n= 46) were diagnosed with PE and 71% (n= 115) with GDM. One third of all women and up to 44% of women diagnosed with PE, were unaware that APOs are related to CVD. Women diagnosed with PE were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those with GDM (30.4% vs. 49.6%, p= 0.027), and only one third of all women after APOs were counselled by a physician or healthcare professional. Of the women 50% received recommendations regarding lifestyle changes after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with PE (54% vs. 37%, p= 0.05). Only 14% had at least one long-term follow-up. Conclusion: This study identified a significant deficit of structured postpartum care and a lack of awareness among women after APO and their healthcare providers about the increased risk of long-term CVD.
Effects of fine particulate matter on bone marrow-conserved hematopoietic and mesenchymal stem cells: a systematic review; The harmful effects of fine particulate matter ≤2.5 µm in size (PM2.5) on human health have received considerable attention. However, while the impact of PM2.5 on the respiratory and cardiovascular systems has been well studied, less is known about the effects on stem cells in the bone marrow (BM). With an emphasis on the invasive characteristics of PM2.5, this review examines the current knowledge of the health effects of PM2.5 exposure on BM-residing stem cells. Recent studies have shown that PM2.5 enters the circulation and then travels to distant organs, including the BM, to induce oxidative stress, systemic inflammation and epigenetic changes, resulting in the reduction of BM-residing stem cell survival and function. Understanding the broader health effects of air pollution thus requires an understanding of the invasive characteristics of PM2.5 and its direct influence on stem cells in the BM. As noted in this review, further studies are needed to elucidate the underlying processes by which PM2.5 disturbs the BM microenvironment and inhibits stem cell functionality. Strategies to prevent or ameliorate the negative effects of PM2.5 exposure on BM-residing stem cells and to maintain the regenerative capacity of those cells must also be investigated. By focusing on the complex relationship between PM2.5 and BM-resident stem cells, this review highlights the importance of specific measures directed at safeguarding human health in the face of rising air pollution.
The evaluation of fetal interventricular septum with M-mode and spectral tissue Doppler imaging in gestational diabetes mellitus: A case-control study; Objectives: To demonstrate possible functional changes in the frequently affected fetal interventricular septum (IVS) with spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging to compare gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and control groups. Methods: A total of 63 pregnant women with GDM, 30 on diet (A1 GDM) and 33 on treated with insulin (A2 GDM), and 63 healthy pregnant women randomly selected and matched to the case group in the control group were included. Results: The GDM fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased early diastole (E′), atrial contraction (A′), systole (S′), higher myocardial performance index (MPI′), prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT′), shortened ejection time (ET′), and decreased septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) than the controls. The A2 GDM group fetuses had significantly thickened IVS, increased S′ and shortened ET′ than the A1 GDM group. In the GDM group, we found a significantly positive low correlation between glycated hemoglobin levels and maternal serum fasting glucose and one-hour postprandial glucose with fetal IVS thickness. We demonstrated a significantly negative low correlation between maternal serum one-hour postprandial glucose, glycated hemoglobin levels, and gestational weight gain with fetal IVS ET′. Conclusions: Fetal IVS diastolic and systolic functions were altered in the GDM group compared to controls, and systolic functions were altered in A2 GDM compared to A1 GDM. This may alert clinicians to possible cardiovascular diseases in the postnatal life, and early preventive strategies and long-term lifestyle changes may provide protection in fetuses with GDM.
Association of DPP-4 Concentrations with the Occurrence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered one of the most common diseases that occur during pregnancy. In addition to increasing the risk of numerous complications throughout gestation, it is also believed to have a long-term potential to impact the risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease for the mother and her offspring. While there are clear guidelines for healthy weight gain in pregnancy depending on pre-pregnancy BMI, as well as dietary and training recommendations to achieve this, an increasing number of women are experiencing excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG). Such patients have a higher risk of developing GDM and gestational hypertension, as well as requiring caesarian delivery. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) is a glycoprotein that seems to play an important role in glucose metabolism, and inhibition of its activity positively affects glucose regulation. The aim of our study was to compare DPP-4 concentrations in patients with GDM and EGWG with healthy women. DPP-4 levels were assessed in serum and urine samples collected on the day of delivery. The bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) method was also used to analyze the body composition of patients on the second day of the postpartum period. DPP-4 serum concentrations were significantly higher in patients in the GDM and EGWG groups compared to healthy women. Urinary DPP-4 concentrations were significantly higher in the control and GDM groups than in the EGWG group. Serum DPP-4 levels were positively correlated with BMI measured before pregnancy, on the delivery day, and in the early postpartum period, among other factors. According to our knowledge, this is the first study to determine DPP-4 levels in EGWG patients. DPP-4 may be related to the occurrence of GDM and EGWG; however, this requires further research.
Antifungal medication use during early pregnancy and the risk of congenital heart defects in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, 1997–2011; Background: Fungal infections are common among pregnant people. Recent studies suggest positive associations between oral antifungals used to treat fungal infections and congenital heart defects (CHDs). Methods: We estimated associations between first trimester antifungal use and 20 major, specific CHDs using data from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS), a multi-site, case–control study that included pregnancies with estimated delivery dates from October 1997 through December 2011. Infants with CHDs (“cases”) were ascertained from 10 birth defect surveillance programs. Live born infants without major birth defects (“controls”) were randomly selected from birth records or hospital discharge lists. First trimester antifungal use was self-reported via maternal interview. We estimated adjusted odds ratios (AORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) using logistic regression with Firth's penalized likelihood. Results: First trimester antifungal use was reported by 148/11,653 (1.3%) case and 123/11,427 (1.1%) control participants. We estimated AORs for 12 CHDs; six had AORs >1.5 (tetralogy of Fallot, double outlet right ventricle with transposition of the great arteries [DORV-TGA], atrioventricular septal defect, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary atresia, muscular ventricular septal defect), and one (pulmonary valve stenosis) had an AOR <0.7. All CIs included the null, except for DORV-TGA. Conclusions: First trimester antifungal use was rare. We observed some positive associations for several specific CHDs in our analysis, although the CIs largely included the null. Results do not support a large increase in risk, but smaller increases in risk for certain CHD cannot be ruled out.
Association between Maternal Birth Weight and Prevalence of Congenital Malformations in Offspring: The Japanese Environment and Children’s Study; Congenital malformations are functional and structural alterations in embryonic or foetal development resulting from a variety of factors including maternal health status. This study aimed to investigate the association between maternal birth weight (MBW) and the prevalence of congenital malformations in offspring using data from a nationwide birth cohort study in Japan including 103,060 pregnancies. A binary logistic regression model with adjustment for various covariates revealed that an MBW of <2500 g (low MBW) was associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease (adjusted odds ratio: 1.388, [95% confidence interval: 1.075–1.792]), angioma (1.491 [1.079–2.059]), and inguinal hernia (1.746, [1.189–2.565]), while those with an MBW of ≥4000 g (high MBW) were associated with congenital anomalies of the urinary tract (2.194, [1.261–3.819]) and arrhythmia (1.775, [1.157–2.725]) compared with those with an MBW of 3000–3499 g. Low MBW was associated with cleft lip and/or palate (1.473, [1.052–2.064]), congenital heart disease (1.615, [1.119–2.332]), genital organs (1.648, [1.130–2.405]), hypospadias (1.804, [1.130–2.881]), and inguinal hernia (1.484, [1.189–1.851]) in male infants and CAKUT (1.619, [1.154–2.273]) in female infants, whereas high MBW was associated with congenital heart disease (1.745, [1.058–2.877]) and CAKUT (2.470, [1.350–4.517]) in male infants. The present study is the first to demonstrate a link between MBW and congenital malformations in Japanese children. While these results must be interpreted with caution, MBW should be considered a major predictor of congenital malformation risk.
Pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risks and postpartum care; an opportunity for interventions aiming at health preservation and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of premature death and disability for female individuals around the world and the rates are increasing in those aged 35–44 years. Certain pregnancy complications (Pregnancy-associated Cardiovascular Risks (P-CVR))are linked to an increased risk of future CVD making pregnancy and the postpartum period as an ideal time to screen individuals for underlying, often unrecognized, cardiovascular risk factors. Pregnancy complications associated with an increased risk of future CVD including the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a growth restricted baby and a placental abruption that leads to delivery. A number of guidelines and research groups recommend postpartum CVR screening, counseling and lifestyle intervention for all those who have had one or more of P-CVRs starting within the first six months postpartum. An individualized plan for postpartum screening should be created with the individual and lifestyle interventions discussed.
Severe Alkalemia and hypokalemia after chronic exposure to alkaline water; Consumption of alkaline electrolyzed water (AEW) has become increasingly popular for consumer use. Although these alkaline water products are now commonly used, they are of questionable health benefit. Some individuals believe that it may help their dyspepsia. Furthermore, there is a paucity of evidence on its toxicologic profile and adverse effects. This is a single case report of a 42-year-old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes, necrotizing pancreatitis, presented to the Emergency Department for 3 weeks of lethargy, weakness, difficulty walking, and vomiting. She endorsed consuming 5 liters (L) of alkaline water daily for the past month. Initial labs showed pH 7.69, potassium 1.6meQ/L, sodium 133 meQ/L, chloride 65 mmol/L, magnesium 0.9 meQ/L, and bicarbonate 46 mmol/L, and lactate of 13.2 mmol/L. EKG showed sinus tachycardia with QTc of 630 milliseconds. Patient was treated supportively with intravenous fluids and electrolyte replacement. The potassium rose to 6.6 meQ/L, which then the patient was treated for hyperkalemia. After four days of intravenous fluid and electrolyte replacement, the patient's electrolytes and acid-base status normalized, and she was transferred to the medical floors for further management. This case report illustrates severe metabolic alkalosis and hypokalemia in the setting of chronic alkaline water exposure. It also is an example of alkalemia with hyperlactatemia, or “lactic alkalosis”. To our knowledge, there is no previous literature reporting serious adverse effects of alkaline bottled water products.
Development, validation, and clinical utility of a risk prediction model for recurrent preeclampsia; Objectives:We aim to establish a predictive model for recurrent preeclampsia.Methods:A retrospective review of medical records from three hospitals between 2010 and 2021 was conducted. The study included women who had two consecutive singleton deliveries at the same hospital, with the first delivery complicated by preeclampsia. A multivariable logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort, and subsequently cross-validated and tested using an independent cohort. The model's performance was assessed in terms of discrimination and calibration, and its clinical utility was evaluated using decision curve analysis (DCA).Results:Among 296 405 deliveries, 694 women met the inclusion criteria, with 151 (21.8%) experiencing recurrent preeclampsia. The predictive model incorporated 10 risk factors from previous preeclampsia, including gestational weeks with elevated blood pressure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pericardial effusion, heart failure, limb edema, serum creatinine, white blood cell count, low platelet counts within one week before delivery, SBP on the first postpartum day, and postpartum antihypertensive use. Additionally, one risk factor from the index pregnancy was included, which was antihypertensive use before 20 weeks. The model demonstrated better discrimination, calibration, and a net benefit across a wide range of recurrent preeclampsia risk thresholds. Furthermore, the model has been translated into a clinical risk calculator, enabling clinicians to calculate individualized risks of recurrent preeclampsia.Conclusion:Our study demonstrates that a predictive tool utilizing routine clinical and laboratory factors can accurately estimate the risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This predictive model has the potential to facilitate shared decision-making by providing personalized and risk-stratified care.
Mitochondrial-derived peptides: Antidiabetic functions and evolutionary perspectives; Mitochondrial-derived peptides (MDPs) are a novel class of bioactive microproteins encoded by short open-reading frames (sORF) in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). Currently, three types of MDPs have been identified: Humanin (HN), MOTS-c (Mitochondrial ORF within Twelve S rRNA type-c), and SHLP1–6 (small Humanin-like peptide, 1 to 6). The 12 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR1) gene harbors the sequence for MOTS-c, whereas HN and SHLP1–6 are encoded by the 16 S ribosomal RNA (MT-RNR2) gene. Special genetic codes are used in mtDNA as compared to nuclear DNA: (i) ATA and ATT are used as start codons in addition to the standard start codon ATG; (ii) AGA and AGG are used as stop codons instead of coding for arginine; (iii) the standard stop codon UGA is used to code for tryptophan. While HN, SHLP6, and MOTS-c are encoded by the H (heavy owing to high guanine + thymine base composition)-strand of the mtDNA, SHLP1–5 are encoded by the L (light owing to less guanine + thymine base composition)-strand. MDPs attenuate disease pathology including Type 1 diabetes (T1D), Type 2 diabetes (T2D), gestational diabetes, Alzheimer's disease (AD), cardiovascular diseases, prostate cancer, and macular degeneration. The current review will focus on the MDP regulation of T2D, T1D, and gestational diabetes along with an emphasis on the evolutionary pressures for conservation of the amino acid sequences of MDPs.
Vaginal Compared with Oral Misoprostol Induction at Term: A Cluster Randomized Controlled Trial; OBJECTIVE:To evaluate efficacy in achieving vaginal delivery with a standardized vaginal compared with oral misoprostol regimen for labor induction at term.METHODS:In this single-center, cluster randomized trial, we randomized induction method by week among individuals with gestational age of 37 weeks or more, cervical dilation of 2 cm or less, intact membranes, and indication for delivery to either oral (100 micrograms every 4 hours for up to two doses), or vaginal (25 micrograms every 3 hours for up to five doses) misoprostol regimens, followed by a standardized oxytocin protocol. Individuals with an antepartum stillbirth, major fetal anomalies, malpresentation, ruptured membranes, nonreassuring fetal status, or contraindication to prostaglandin were excluded. The primary outcome was vaginal delivery at first induction attempt. Secondary outcomes included time to delivery, need for oxytocin, chorioamnionitis, and adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Outcomes were recorded at the individual level and adjusted for clustering, with analysis by intention to treat.RESULTS:Between May 24, 2021, to September 19, 2022, 1,322 women were randomized to vaginal misoprostol in 33 clusters and 1,224 to oral misoprostol in 37 clusters. Demographic characteristics or initial cervical dilation did not differ between groups. The primary outcome did not differ between induction regimens and occurred in 1,032 (78.1%) of the vaginal misoprostol arm and 945 (77.2%) of the oral misoprostol arm (adjusted relative risk [RR] 1.01, 95% CI, 0.97-1.05). Tachysystole with fetal heart rate changes occurred less frequently with vaginal compared with oral misoprostol (3.5% vs 5.9%, adjusted RR 0.59, 95% CI, 0.40-0.87). Time to delivery did not differ between groups. Oxytocin was less frequently required before delivery in the vaginal misoprostol group (68.8% vs 78.4%, adjusted RR 0.88, 95% CI, 0.84-0.92).CONCLUSION:Induction of labor with vaginal compared with oral misoprostol protocols did not increase the frequency of vaginal delivery at term but did reduce the need for oxytocin use before delivery.CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION:ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04755218.
Guidelines and Recommendations for Targeted Neonatal Echocardiography and Cardiac Point-of-Care Ultrasound in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit: An Update from the American Society of Echocardiography; Targeted neonatal echocardiography (TNE) involves the use of comprehensive echocardiography to appraise cardiovascular physiology and neonatal hemodynamics to enhance diagnostic and therapeutic precision in the neonatal intensive care unit. Since the last publication of guidelines for TNE in 2011, the field has matured through the development of formalized neonatal hemodynamics fellowships, clinical programs, and the expansion of scientific knowledge to further enhance clinical care. The most common indications for TNE include adjudication of hemodynamic significance of a patent ductus arteriosus, evaluation of acute and chronic pulmonary hypertension, evaluation of right and left ventricular systolic and/or diastolic function, and screening for pericardial effusions and/or malpositioned central catheters. Neonatal cardiac point-of-care ultrasound (cPOCUS) is a limited cardiovascular evaluation which may include line tip evaluation, identification of pericardial effusion and differentiation of hypovolemia from severe impairment in myocardial contractility in the hemodynamically unstable neonate. This document is the product of an American Society of Echocardiography task force composed of representatives from neonatology-hemodynamics, pediatric cardiology, pediatric cardiac sonography, and neonatology-cPOCUS. This document provides (1) guidance on the purpose and rationale for both TNE and cPOCUS, (2) an overview of the components of a standard TNE and cPOCUS evaluation, (3) disease and/or clinical scenario–based indications for TNE, (4) training and competency-based evaluative requirements for both TNE and cPOCUS, and (5) components of quality assurance. The writing group would like to acknowledge the contributions of Dr. Regan Giesinger who sadly passed during the final revisions phase of these guidelines. Her contributions to the field of neonatal hemodynamics were immense.
Women's Knowledge of Future Cardiovascular Risk Associated With Complications of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Background: Several common pregnancy conditions significantly increase a woman's risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Patient education and interventions aimed at awareness and self-management of cardiovascular risk factors may help modify future cardiovascular risk. The aim of this systematic review was to examine education interventions for cardiovascular risk after pregnancy, clinical measures/scales, and knowledge outcomes in published qualitative and quantitative studies. Methods: Five databases were searched (from inception to June 2023). Studies including interventions and validated and nonvalidated measures of awareness/knowledge of future cardiovascular risk among women after complications of pregnancy were considered. Quality was rated using the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. Results were analyzed using the Synthesis Without Meta-analysis reporting guideline. Characteristics of interventions were reported using the Template for Intervention Description and Replication. Fifteen studies were included; 3 were randomized controlled trials. Results: In total, 1623 women had a recent or past diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and/or premature birth. Of the 7 studies that used online surveys or questionnaires, 2 reported assessing psychometric properties of tools. Four studies used diverse educational interventions (pamphlets, information sheets, in-person group sessions, and an online platform with health coaching). Overall, women had a low level of knowledge about their future CVD risk. Interventions were effective in increasing this knowledge. Conclusions: In conclusion, women have a low level of knowledge of risk of CVD after pregnancy complications. To increase this level of knowledge and self-management, this population has a strong need for psychometrically validated tailored education interventions.
Predictors for low T-cell receptor excision circles (TREC) in infants without severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) or thymic defects; Rationale: Low TREC on newborn screening indicates T cell lymphopenia seen in SCID or thymic defects. It is also observed in preterm birth or secondary T cell lymphopenia from other causes. We aim to identify perinatal factors associated with abnormal TREC in infants without SCID or thymic defects. Methods: Demographic and clinical variables were obtained from the Michigan Department of Health and Human Services Newborn Screening and Vital Records Programs (birth dates: 10/2011-12/2021). Newborns with abnormal TREC, without SCID or thymic defects, were compared to normal TREC controls (1:3), matched for gestational age, birth weight, and NICU status. Binary logistical regression model was performed. Results: 949 infants had low TREC (53% (n=502) strong positive (SP), and 47% (n=447) borderline positive (BP)). Perinatal stress factors such as gestational hypertension, maternal diabetes, antenatal corticosteroids, previous poor pregnancy outcome, alcohol and smoke exposure were not significantly different between two groups. However, when compared to matched controls (n=2661), male sex(SP- OR 1.743, p≤.001; BP- OR 1.710, p≤.001), lower 5-min APGAR (SP- OR 0.827, p≤.001; BP- OR 0.877, p≤.001), and transfusion history (SP- OR 1.988, p≤.001; BP- OR 1.496, p=.001) were the most predictive variables for SP and BP TREC. The presence of heart disease had increased odds of SP TREC (OR 5.110, p≤.001) and meconium increased odds of BP TREC (OR 2.010, p=.001). Conclusions: Male sex, lower 5-min APGAR, and transfusion history were the most predictive variables for abnormal TREC in infants without SCID or thymic defects regardless of their gestational age, birth weight and NICU status.
Not all consolidation is pneumonia; Case Report: Purpose of Study: A male infantwas born at 36 weeks and 5 days to a 40-year-old G5P2 mother with adequate prenatal care via cesarean section due to maternal diabetes, pre-eclampsia, and a non-reassuring neonatal stress test. The mother received no antibiotics or steroids prior to delivery. The birthweight was 3.75 kilograms. He was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for hypoglycemia and respiratory distress. He was diagnosed with persistent pulmonary hypertension on echocardiogram and had an increasing oxygen requirement. Methods Used: On day of life 5 his respiratory distress had improved, however he had a temperature of 100.8F. An infectious work-up was done including a complete blood count (CBC), c-reactive protein (CRP), respiratory pathogen panel, and chest x-ray as well as herpes simplex virus (HSV) testing, cytomegalovirus (CMV) testing, and blood, urine, and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) cultures. The infant was started on Vancomycin, Cefepime, and Acyclovir. Physical exam showed no tachypnea, cyanosis, increased work of breathing, and lungs were clear to auscultation bilaterally. The remaining physical exam was within normal limits. Summary of Results: The respiratory panel, HSV and CMV studies, blood, urine, and CSF cultures were negative. The CBC results were within a normal range. However, his CRP was elevated to 189 mg/L (reference range 0.0–9.9 mg/L) and peaked at 260 mg/L. Abdominal and head ultrasounds ruled out abscess. Chest radiograph showed a focal infiltrate in the posterior right upper lobe. A computed tomography (CT) scan of the chest was completed and showed a lung mass that measured 2.5 cm × 2.4 cm × 1.7 cm consistent with congenital pulmonary airway malformation (CPAM). He was discharged from the NICU after weaning to room air with close follow up with general surgery and pulmonology. Conclusion: CPAM is a rare congenital cystic malformation that occurs within lung tissue. The cause is unknown but it can be diagnosed on prenatal ultrasound. Initial presentation of CPAMcan vary and not all infants will have an oxygen requirement or abnormal labs. The exact incidence of pneumonia or lung abscess in the presence of a CPAM is unknown, however, CPAMs may cause infections due to decreased mucociliary clearance of pathogens (1). The noted elevation in CRP could be secondary to inflammation, secondary infection of the CPAM, pneumonia, or the result of pulmonary sequestration. Providers should consider CPAM as a cause of radiographic lung lesions when laboratory abnormalities or oxygen requirements are present in a newborn. The most common management of CPAM is resection of the lesion and the patient in this case underwent resection of the lesion several months after discharge home. $F$
An unusual pathway to diagnosis of DiGeorge syndrome; Case Report: Background: DiGeorge syndrome, also known as 22q11.2 deletion syndrome, is a common chromosomal disorder resulting from defective development of the third and fourth pharyngeal pouches. There is a wide variation in clinical presentation with overlapping features related to abnormal developmental of craniofacial structures, thymus, parathyroid gland, and cardiac outflow tracts. Early recognition of the deletion is important to minimize morbidity and mortality. We report an interesting pathway to early diagnosis of DiGeorge syndrome in a newborn with seizures. Case Description: A 38+2 week, large for gestational age female infant was born via spontaneous vaginal delivery to a 31-year-old G4P4 mother with A2 Diabetes Mellitus. Delivery was complicated by a left clavicular fracture. The infant was vigorous at birth with Apgar scores of 8 and 9. On day 2 of life, patient presented with rhythmic jerking of extremities associated with desaturations, suspicious for seizures. Phenobarbital was administered which resulted in cessation of seizures. After initiating workup for sepsis, infant was started on ampicillin, gentamicin, and acyclovir. Electrolyte abnormalities were significant for hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, and hyponatremia which were treated with intravenous fluid and calcium gluconate. Cranial ultrasound was performed which showed reversal of basilar artery flow suspicious for steal phenomenon prompting an echocardiogram. Echocardiogram revealed an aortic arch interrupted between left common carotid artery and left subclavian artery (Type B interrupted aortic arch), with a 5 mm PDA and VSD. Despite the interrupted aortic arch, our patient showed no signs of hemodynamic compromise due to the presence of a large PDA. Prostaglandin E1 (alprostadil) was started urgently to keep the PDA open. Subsequently, fluorescence in situ hybridization analysis showed microdeletion of 22q11.2 supporting the diagnosis of DiGeorge Syndrome. Infant underwent repair of Interrupted aortic arch, VSD closure and ASD fenestration on day 5 of life. Discussion: Interrupted aortic arch commonly seen in patients with DiGeorge syndrome is a surgical emergency which may present with signs of hypoperfusion once ductus arteriosus closes. Clinical deterioration was prevented in our patient due to a high index of suspicion and early diagnosis. Early detection and timely intervention are crucial for improving outcomes in these patients. Although cardiac anomaly along with electrolyte abnormalities can be a presentation in infants of diabetic mothers, DiGeorge syndrome should be in the differential diagnosis.
Heart failure caused by drug abuse – case report of a pregnant woman with lvef <25%; Pregnancy is associated with substantial hemodynamic changes. Left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) is the volumetric fraction of blood pumped out of the heart with each contraction of the left ventricle. It reflects heart’s efficiency. Damage to myocardium compromises the heart's performance as an efficient pump and may reduce ejection fraction. According to the European Society of Cardiology guidelines normal LVEF exceeds 50%. 31-year-old-patient was admitted to Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Bielanski Hospital at 25 weeks of second pregnancy due to heart failure and LVEF 25%. She also suffered from hypertension, depression and gestational diabetes mellitus. The patient was addicted to nicotine and amfetamine in the past. The drug abuse was the probable reason of heart failure in that case. During hospitalization gradual decrease of LVEF to 21% without any clinical symptoms we observed. The patient was treated with beta-adrenergic drugs and loop diuretics. At 36 weeks due to polyhydramnios cesarean section was performed. Baby girl weighting 2950g in general good condition was born. C-section and anesthesia were uncomplicated. The patient was observed for 24 hours in Intensive Unit Care. She did not present exacerbation of heart failure. 6 days after delivery the control echocardiography was performed and was comparable to the examinations performed during pregnancy, the LVEF was 23%. The patient was discharged 7 days after delivery in good general condition with small doses of beta-adrenergic drugs and ACEI. Heart failure is a serious condition but if the patient is adopted and stable, the uneventful course of pregnancy and delivery is possible.
The association between parental age differences and perinatal outcomes; STUDY QUESTION: Are there significant associations existing between parental age differences and adverse perinatal outcomes? SUMMARY ANSWER: Large differences in parental age are associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, particularly with older mothers paired with younger fathers. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The association between advanced maternal age and perinatal outcomes is well-documented with women over 35 years showing an increased risk of several adverse outcomes. Other studies have identified potential associations between advanced paternal age and adverse perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A historical (retrospective) cohort analysis was performed utilizing a multivariable logistic regression model to evaluate the association between varying differences in parental age and adverse perinatal outcomes while controlling for demographic and health-related covariates. Data were compiled from the National Vital Statistics System for 20 613 704 births between 2012 and 2018. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Parental age differences, categorized into eleven 4-year intervals, were stratified by seven maternal age categories and evaluated for their associations with adverse perinatal outcomes. Main outcome measures included low birth weight, very low birth weight, preterm birth, very preterm birth, small size for gestational age, low 5-min appearance, pulse, grimace, activity, and respiration score, congenital defects, and chromosomal anomalies. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Increased parental age differences, in either direction, were associated with significant risks for all adverse outcomes, aside from congenital defects, even when controlling for maternal age. Restricting maternal age to the reference range of 25 29 years, infants born to fathers aged 9 12 years younger (n 3773) had 27% (odds ratio (OR) 1.27, 95% CI, 1.17 1.37) higher odds of having any adverse perinatal outcome. Infants born to fathers aged >16 years older (n 98 555) had 14% (OR 1.14, 95% CI, 1.12 1.16) higher odds of having any adverse perinatal outcome. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Data extracted from US birth certificates may be compromised by errors in reporting or documentation. Information regarding the mother s socioeconomic status was estimated using proxy variables and may be susceptible to uncontrolled factors. Use of a pre-compiled dataset may potentially exclude additional maternal comorbidities that could impact perinatal outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF FINDINGS: Older mothers paired with younger fathers demonstrated the highest risk, even when maternal age was below the threshold of 35 years. For the clinical setting, parental age differences should be considered alongside maternal and paternal age when assessing risks of adverse perinatal outcomes for potential parents. This is particularly relevant for older women with younger male partners as this may exacerbate the impact of advanced maternal age. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This research was funded by the NIH Research Fellowship T35 Training Grant. There are no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
Cardiovascular Disease and Risk Factors in Individuals With a History of Out-of-home Care; BACKGROUND: Exposure to childhood out-of-home care (foster family and residential care) is associated with an increased risk of ill-health and disability in adulthood, but the risk for cardiovascular disease has not previously been studied longitudinally. METHODS: This was a national cohort study generated from linkage of a range of population-based registers, resulting in a national cohort of 881 731 of whom 26 310 (3.0%) had a history of out-of-home care. The study population, born 1972 to 1981, was followed from age 18 to age 39 to 48 years for hospitalizations and death. RESULTS: After adjusting for year of birth and maternal education, individuals with a history of childhood out-of-home-care experienced a doubling of the risk for coronary disease (hazard ratio; 95% confidence interval: 2.05; 1.74–2.41) and stroke (hazard ratio 1.85; 1.59–2.15), compared with the general population, with similar estimates for men and women. Women with a history of out-of-home care had a more than doubled risk for cigarette smoking in early pregnancy, with a relative risk of 2.26; (2.18–2.34) and a moderately increased risk for gestational diabetes relative risk 1.49 (1.19–1.86). There was marked attenuation (40% to 90%) in effect estimates for disease and risk factors after further control for cohort members educational achievement at age 15–16 years. CONCLUSIONS: A history of childhood out-of-home care was associated with a doubled risk of early cardiovascular disease events. Cigarette smoking and educational underachievement were the main identified risk factors.
Fetal loss and long-term maternal morbidity and mortality: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background Evidence suggests common pathways between pregnancy losses and subsequent long-term maternal morbidity, rendering pregnancy complications an early chronic disease marker. There is a plethora of studies exploring associations between miscarriage and stillbirth with long-term adverse maternal health; however, these data are inconclusive. Methods and findings We systematically searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, AMED, BNI, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library with relevant keywords and MeSH terms from inception to June 2023 (no language restrictions). We included studies exploring associations between stillbirth or miscarriage and incidence of cardiovascular, malignancy, mental health, other morbidities, and all-cause mortality in women without previous pregnancy loss. Studies reporting short-term morbidity (within a year of loss), case reports, letters, and animal studies were excluded. Study selection and data extraction were performed by 2 independent reviewers. Risk of bias was assessed using the Newcastle Ottawa Scale (NOS) and publication bias with funnel plots. Subgroup analysis explored the effect of recurrent losses on adverse outcomes. Statistical analysis was performed using an inverse variance random effects model and results are reported as risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) and prediction intervals (PIs) by combining the most adjusted RR, odds ratios (ORs) and hazard ratios (HRs) under the rare outcome assumption. We included 56 observational studies, including 45 in meta-analysis. There were 1,119,815 women who experienced pregnancy loss of whom 951,258 had a miscarriage and 168,557 stillbirth, compared with 11,965,574 women without previous loss. Women with a history of stillbirth had a greater risk of ischaemic heart disease (IHD) RR 1.56, 95% CI [1.30, 1.88]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [0.49 to 5.15]), cerebrovascular (RR 1.71, 95% CI [1.44, 2.03], p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.92, 2.42]), and any circulatory/cardiovascular disease (RR 1.86, 95% CI [1.01, 3.45], p = 0.05, 95% PI [0.74, 4.10]) compared with women without pregnancy loss. There was no evidence of increased risk of cardiovascular disease (IHD: RR 1.11, 95% CI [0.98, 1.27], 95% PI [0.46, 2.76] or cerebrovascular: RR 1.01, 95% CI [0.85, 1.21]) in women experiencing a miscarriage. Only women with a previous stillbirth were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (RR: 1.16, 95% CI [1.07 to 2.26]; p < 0.001, 95% PI [1.05, 1.35]). Women with a stillbirth history had an increased risk of developing renal morbidities (RR 1.97, 95% CI [1.51, 2.57], p < 0.001, 95% [1.06, 4.72]) compared with controls. Women with a history of stillbirth had lower risk of breast cancer (RR: 0.80, 95% CI [0.67, 0.96], p-0.02, 95% PI [0.72, 0.93]). There was no evidence of altered risk of other malignancies in women experiencing pregnancy loss compared to controls. There was no evidence of long-term mental illness risk in women with previous pregnancy losses (stillbirth: RR 1.90, 95% CI [0.93, 3.88], 95% PI [0.34, 9.51], miscarriage: RR 1.78, 95% CI [0.88, 3.63], 95% PI [1.13, 4.16]). The main limitations include the potential for confounding due to use of aggregated data with variable degrees of adjustment. Conclusions Our results suggest that women with a history of stillbirth have a greater risk of future cardiovascular disease, T2DM, and renal morbidities. Women experiencing miscarriages, single or multiple, do not seem to have an altered risk.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factor Interventions in Women With Prior Gestational Hypertensive Disorders or Diabetes in North America: A Rapid Review; Women with previous hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2- to 3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The goal of this rapid review was to summarize evidence of the effectiveness of CVD risk factor interventions for postpartum women with a history of HDP or GDM. A comprehensive search strategy was used to search articles published in 5 databases—Ovid MEDLINE, PubMed, the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), PsycINFO, and Embase). Observational and intervention studies that identified CVD prevention, screening, and/or risk factor management interventions among postpartum women with prior HDP or GDM in Canada and the US were included. The quality of observational and interventional studies, and their risk of bias, were assessed using appropriate critical appraisal checklists. Eight studies, including 4 observational cohorts, 3 randomized controlled trials, and 1 quasi-experimental study, merited inclusion for analysis. A total of 2449 participants were involved in the included studies. The most effective CVD risk factor intervention was comprised of postpartum transition and follow-up, CVD risk factor education, and advice on lifestyle changes. Most of the observational studies led to improvements in CVD risk factors, including improvements in CVD lifetime risk scores. However, none of the RCTs led to improvements in cardiometabolic risk factors. Few studies have investigated CVD risk factor interventions in the postpartum in women with previous HDP or GDM in North America. Further studies of higher quality are needed.
Postnatal Care: A Comparative Review of Guidelines; Importance Postnatal care refers to the ongoing health care provision of both the mother and her offspring and contributes to the timely identification and effective management of complications in the postpartum period, to secure maternal and infant short- and long-term well-being. Objective The aim of this study was to review and compare the most recently published influential guidelines on postnatal care practices. Evidence Acquisition A comparative review of guidelines from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the World Health Organization, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence, and the Public Health Agency of Canada regarding postnatal care was conducted. Results There is a consensus among the reviewed guidelines regarding the importance of health care provision in the postpartum period, including home visits and midwifery services, the use of telemedicine for the facilitation of communication with the patient, and the appropriate preparation for discharge, as well as the discharge criteria. All medical societies also agree on the clinical aspects that should be evaluated at each postnatal visit, although discrepancies exist with regard to the contact schedule. In addition, there is consistency regarding the management of postpartum infections, perineal pain, fecal and urinary incontinence, and physical activity guidance. Mental health issues should be addressed at each postnatal visit, according to all guidelines, but there is disagreement regarding routine screening for depression. As for the optimal interpregnancy interval, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends avoiding pregnancy for at least 6 months postpartum, whereas the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence recommends a 12-month interval. There is no common pathway regarding the recommended contraceptive methods, the nutrition guidance, and the postpartum management of pregnancy complications. Of note, the World Health Organization alone provides recommendations concerning the prevention of specific infections during the postnatal period. Conclusions Postnatal care remains a relatively underserved aspect of maternity care, although the puerperium is a critical period for the establishment of motherhood and the transition to primary care. Thus, the development of consistent international protocols for the optimal care and support of women during the postnatal period seems of insurmountable importance to safely guide clinical practice and subsequently reduce maternal and neonatal morbidity. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives After participating in this activity, the learner should be better able to describe all the aspects of postnatal care; explain the appropriate clinical evaluation plan during the postnatal period; and assess the available postpartum care promotion techniques.
Neonatal polycythemia: prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity; BACKGROUND: Polycythemia is a disorder with several causes and risk factors. The clinical presentation is variable, ranging from asymptomatic newborns to cases with severe physiological changes. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of polycythemia in a Portuguese level IIINeonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU). METHODS: Case-control study of all term newborns with the diagnosis of polycythemia admitted to the NICU of the São João Universitary Hospital Center, Porto, Portugal, from January 1, 1999 to December 31, 2019; and who met one of the following inclusion criteria were eligible for the study: 1) Hct>65% or Hb>22 g/dL; and 2) Hb≥21 g/dL with clinical manifestations of polycythemia. RESULTS: A total of 53 newborns fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were included in the study, corresponding to a prevalence of 0.57%. Birth outside the hospital was the only risk factor with statistical significance. Of 53 cases, 51 (96.23%) had symptomatic polycythemia. The most frequent symptoms were: hyperbilirubinemia (69.81%), hypoglycemia (52.83%), thrombocytopenia (50.94%), cardiorespiratory (33.96%), and neurological symptoms (33.96%). Of the 53 newborns evaluated, 41 (77.36%) needed treatment. The only risk factors that influenced the hematocrit value were maternal diabetes and fetal growth restriction. CONCLUSIONS: The best way to improve the prognosis of polycythemia is to identify the risk factors present throughout pregnancy and make an early diagnosis and treatment. Out-of-hospital births should be avoided. The diagnosis should not be excluded, even if hemoglobin and hematocrit are within normal limits.
Increased Circulating IL-32 Is Associated With Placenta Macrophage-derived IL-32 and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Placenta-derived inflammation plays a vital role in the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). IL-32 is a novel pro-inflammatory cytokine and metabolic regulator involved in the development of metabolic disease. We investigated the effect of IL-32 in GDM. Materials and Methods: First-trimester C-reactive protein (CRP) level was monitored in a case-control study of 186 women with GDM and 186 women without. Placental tissue was lysed and analyzed by high-resolution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Circulating level of inflammatory cytokines IL-32, IL-6, and TNF-α were measured by ELISA kits. The expression of placenta-derived macrophages, inflammatory cytokines, and related pathway proteins were assessed by reverse transcriptase-quantitative PCR, western blot, immunohistochemistry, or immunofluorescence. Results: First-trimester CRP level in peripheral blood was closely associated with glucose and insulin resistance index and was an independent correlation with the development of GDM. High-resolution liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry revealed that placenta-derived CRP expression was dramatically elevated in women with GDM. Interestingly, the expression of placenta-derived IL-32 was also increased and located in the macrophages of placental tissue. Meanwhile, the expression of IL-6, TNF-α, and p-p38 were up-regulated in the placental tissues with GDM. Either IL-6 or TNF-α was colocated with IL-32 in the placental tissue. Importantly, circulating IL-32 throughout pregnancy was increased in GDM and was related to placental-derived IL-32 expression, circulating IL-6, and TNF-α, glucose and insulin resistance index. Conclusion: Increased circulating IL-32 throughout pregnancy was closely associated with placenta macrophage-derived IL-32 expression and GDM. First trimester IL-32 level in peripheral blood may serve to predict the development of GDM.
Metformin and Combined Oral Contraceptive Pills in the Management of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects more than 1 in 10 women. Objective: As part of the 2023 International PCOS Guidelines update, comparisons between combined oral contraceptive pills (COCP), metformin, and combination treatment were evaluated. Data Sources: Ovid Medline, Embase, PsycINFO, All EBM, and CINAHL were searched. Study Selection: Women with PCOS included in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Data Extraction: We calculated mean differences and 95% CIs regarding anthropometrics, metabolic, and hyperandrogenic outcomes. Meta-analyses and quality assessment using GRADE were performed. Data Synthesis: The search identified 1660 publications; 36 RCTs were included. For hirsutism, no differences were seen when comparing metformin vs COCP, nor when comparing COCP vs combination treatment with metformin and COCP. Metformin was inferior on free androgen index (FAI) (7.08; 95% CI 4.81, 9.36), sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) (-118.61 nmol/L; 95% CI -174.46, -62.75) and testosterone (0.48 nmol/L; 95% CI 0.32, 0.64) compared with COCP. COCP was inferior for FAI (0.58; 95% CI 0.36, 0.80) and SHBG (-16.61 nmol/L; 95% CI -28.51, -4.71) compared with combination treatment, whereas testosterone did not differ. Metformin lowered insulin (-27.12 pmol/L; 95% CI -40.65, -13.59) and triglycerides (-0.15 mmol/L; 95% CI -0.29, -0.01) compared with COCP. COCP was inferior for insulin (17.03 pmol/L; 95% CI 7.79, 26.26) and insulin resistance (0.44; 95% CI 0.17, 0.70) compared with combination treatment. Conclusions: The choice of metformin or COCP treatment should be based on symptoms, noting some biochemical benefits from combination treatment targeting both major endocrine disturbances seen in PCOS (hyperinsulinemia and hyperandrogenism).
Health Inequities in Preeclampsia and Maternal Ischemic Stroke: A Cross-Sectional Analysis of the National Inpatient Sample; Introduction: Maternal stroke affects 30 per 100,000 pregnancies, a 3-fold higher risk as compared to stroke rate in young adults. One study reported that preeclampsia (PE) or eclampsia was seen in 36% of pregnant patients with ischemic stroke. The objective of this study is to evaluate the odds of PE and maternal ischemic stroke (MIS) in a national sample. Methods: We utilized the National Inpatient Sample from Q4 2015 to 2020 to examine the rates of PE and MIS in women aged 20-44. To be included in the analysis, the primary Major Diagnostic Category (MDC) code on the record was for Pregnancy, Childbirth, and Puerperium (n=3,921,672) or Newborn and Other Neonates, Perinatal Period (n=178). Univariate analysis provided crude odds of relevant variables. Multivariate logistic regression models were fitted to determine the odds of PE based on known PE risk factors; a second model was fitted to determine the odds of maternal stroke in women who had PE. Covariates in both models were age, primary payer, gestational diabetes, and obesity. Results: Consistent with previous knowledge, univariate analysis showed that Black women had 69% higher odds of PE compared to white women (cOR=1.69, 95%CI=1.66-1.71), while Latinas had 8% higher odds of PE compared to white women (cOR=1.08, 95%Ci=1.06-1.11). Compared to white women, Black women had 42% increased odds of MIS (cOR=1.42, 95%CI=1.14-1.78), while Latinas had 24% decreased odds of MIS (cOR=0.76, 95%CI=0.59-0.99). In multivariate analysis, PE was associated with increased odds of MIS, aOR=1.74 (95% CI=1.31-2.31). When stratified by race, this result was only found among white women (aOR=1.85, 95% CI=1.26-2.75). Having PE was not associated with odds of MIS in Black women when compared to Black women without PE (aOR=1.52, 95% CI=0.90-2.56). Conclusion: This study found that preeclampsia increases the odds of MIS overall. These odds are higher if patients also have other risk factors such as gestational diabetes, history of hypertension, and history of stroke. Our results also found no significant difference in MIS among Black women or Latinas based on PE status. Future directions could address other potential contributing factors, including structural factors that contribute to health inequities.
Postoperative analgesic effects of intravenous dexamethasone for patients undergoing cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia at Dilla University Referral Hospital, Ethiopia, 2023: A double-blind randomized controlled trial; Background: The use of cesarean section (CS) worldwide has increased to unprecedented levels. In Ethiopia, the CS delivery rate is above the rate recommended by the WHO. The postoperative pain experience is moderate to severe in most patients during their postoperative period. The administration of intravenous dexamethasone is thought to have an analgesic effect after surgery even though the analgesic profile of preoperatively administered dexamethasone is less addressed. Objective: This study aimed to assess the postoperative analgesic effect of preoperative intravenous dexamethasone for patients undergoing cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia at Dilla University Referral Hospital, Southern Ethiopia. Methodology: A double-blinded randomized controlled trial (RCT) was done on 112 patients undergoing elective CS under spinal anesthesia who were allocated randomly into normal saline and dexamethasone groups. Total analgesic consumption, time to first analgesic request, and postoperative pain score with the numerical rating scale (NRS) were followed for 24 h in both groups. Shapiro-Wilk tests were used to check normality. Independent samples t-test was used for the comparison of means between groups, Mann-Whitney U test for non-normally distributed data, and χ 2test for categorical variables, and P-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant with a power of 80%. Result: The finding of this study showed that the postoperative pain score of the dexamethasone group was significantly lower than the normal saline group at 2, 4, 6, 12, 18, and 24 h with a statistically significant P-value <0.05. There was also a significant difference in the time to the first rescue analgesic request between the two groups, with the dexamethasone group (median=347.5 min) and the normal saline group (median=230 min) with P=0.001. Conclusion and recommendation: The authors conclude that preoperative administration of 8 mg of dexamethasone prolongs the first analgesic request time, decreases postoperative tramadol and diclofenac consumption, and decreases the postoperative pain score. The authors recommend that researchers conduct further RCTs with a different dose of dexamethasone and on a multicenter basis.
Real-world evaluation of care for type 2 diabetes in Malaysia: A cross-sectional analysis of the treatment adherence to guideline evaluation in type 2 diabetes (TARGET-T2D) study; Aim Given a lack of data on diabetes care performance in Malaysia, we conducted a cross-sectional study to understand the clinical characteristics, control of cardiometabolic risk factors, and patterns of use of guideline-directed medical therapy (GDMT) among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), who were managed at publicly-funded hospitals between December 2021 and June 2022. Methods Patients aged ≥18 years with T2D from eight publicly-funded hospitals in the Greater Kuala Lumpur region, who had ≥2 outpatient visits within the preceding year and irrespective of treatment regimen, were eligible. The primary outcome was ≥2 treatment target attainment (defined as either HbA1c <7.0%, blood pressure [BP] <130/80 mmHg, or low-density lipoprotein cholesterol [LDL-C] <1.8 mmol/L). The secondary outcomes were the individual treatment target, a combination of all three treatment targets, and patterns of GDMT use. To assess for potential heterogeneity of study findings, all outcomes were stratified according to prespecified baseline characteristics namely 1) history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD; yes/no) and 2) clinic type (Diabetes specialist versus General medicine). Results Among 5094 patients (mean±SD age 59.0±13.2 years; T2D duration 14.8±9.2 years; HbA1c 8.2±1.9% (66±21 mmol/mol); BMI 29.6±6.2 kg/m2; 45.6% men), 99% were at high/very high cardiorenal risk. Attainment of ≥2 treatment targets was at 18%, being higher in General medicine than in Diabetes specialist clinics (20.8% versus 17.5%; p = 0.039). The overall statin coverage was 90%. More patients with prior ASCVD attained LDL-C <1.4 mmol/L than those without (13.5% versus 8.4%; p<0.001). Use of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors (13.2% versus 43.2%), glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP1-RAs) (1.0% versus 6.2%), and insulin (27.7% versus 58.1%) were lower in General medicine than in Diabetes specialist clinics. Conclusions Among high-risk patients with T2D, treatment target attainment and use of GDMT were suboptimal.
Gestational diabetes in mice induces hematopoietic memory that affects the long-term health of the offspring; Gestational diabetes is a common medical complication of pregnancy that is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and an increased risk of metabolic diseases and atherosclerosis in adult offspring. The mechanisms responsible for this delayed pathological transmission remain unknown. In mouse models, we found that the development of atherosclerosis in adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy can be in part linked to hematopoietic alterations. Although they do not show any gross metabolic disruptions, the adult offspring maintain hematopoietic features associated with diabetes, indicating the acquisition of a lasting diabetic hematopoietic memory. We show that the induction of this hematopoietic memory during gestation relies on the activity of the advanced glycation end product receptor (AGER) and the nucleotide binding and oligomerization domain-like receptor family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome, which lead to increased placental inflammation. In adult offspring, we find that this memory is associated with DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) upregulation and epigenetic changes in hematopoietic progenitors. Together, our results demonstrate that the hematopoietic system can acquire a lasting memory of gestational diabetes and that this memory constitutes a pathway connecting gestational health to adult pathologies.
Risk factors characterisation for CHD: a case-control study in Bogota and Cali, Colombia, 2002-2020; Objective: CHDs correspond to 28% of all congenital anomalies, being the leading cause of infant mortality in the first year of life. Thus, it is essential to explore risk factors for CHDs presentation, allowing the detection of probable cases within a population. Methods: We identified newborns with CHDs within a cohort from the Program for the Prevention and Monitoring of Congenital Defects in Bogota and Cali, 2002-2020. Cases were classified as isolated, complex isolated, polymalformed, and syndromic. Variables were analysed by comparing case and control averages with Student's t test using a 95% confidence level. Results: Prevalence obtained was 19.36 per 10 000 live births; non-specified CHD, ventricular septal defect, and atrial septal defect were the most prevalent. As risk factors were found: paternal and maternal age above 45 years, pregestational diabetes, mother's body mass index above 25, low educational level, and socio-economic status. As protective factors: folic acid consumption within the first trimester and pregestational period. Conclusion: Different risk and protective factors associated with the presentation of CHDs have been described. We consider that public health strategies should be aimed to reduce risk factors exposure. Also, improving diagnosis and prognosis by having a close monitoring on high-risk patients.
Combined Impact of Migraine and Pregnancy-Induced Hypertension on Long-term Risk of Premature Myocardial Infarction and Stroke; Background and ObjectivesMigraine and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) are known to increase cardiovascular risk on their own. However, evidence is limited on the combined impact of migraine and PIH on risk of cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to examine the combined impact of migraine and PIH on risk of premature (age 60 years and younger) major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events (MACCE), a composite end point consisting of myocardial infarction, stroke, or death due to one of these diseases.MethodsWe conducted a population-based cohort study in Denmark (1996-2018) among women who had delivered at least one child. This population was stratified into 4 cohorts: women with neither migraine nor PIH, women with migraine, women with PIH, and women with both migraine and PIH. As a measure of absolute risk, we computed the 20-year cumulative incidence of premature MACCE, treating death by other causes than myocardial infarction and stroke as a competing risk. We used Cox regression to compute 20-year adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) of premature MACCE. Women with neither migraine nor PIH served as the comparison cohort.ResultsThe 20-year absolute risk of premature MACCE was 1.3% (95% CI 1.2%; 1.3%) for women without migraine and without PIH (n = 1,288,541), 2.2% (95% CI 2.0%; 2.4%) for women with migraine (n = 54,827), 2.8% (95% CI 2.6%; 3.1%) for women with PIH (n = 49,008), and 3.1% (95% CI 2.1%; 4.4%) for women with both migraine and PIH (n = 3,140). The adjusted HR of premature MACCE was 1.66 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.50-1.84) for women with migraine, 2.76 (95% CI 2.52-3.03) for women with PIH, and 2.41 (95% CI 1.61-3.61) for women with both migraine and PIH.DiscussionMigraine and PIH separately increased the risk of premature MACCE. The risk of premature MACCE among women who had both migraine and PIH was similar to that among women with PIH only.
Maternal Diabetes and Overweight and Congenital Heart Defects in Offspring; Importance: Maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity are known to be associated with increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) in offspring, but there are no large studies analyzing outcomes associated with these factors in 1 model. Objective: To investigate the association of maternal diabetes and overweight or obesity with CHDs among offspring in 1 model. Design, Setting, and Participants: This nationwide, population-based register study was conducted in a birth cohort from Finland consisting of all children born between 2006 and 2016 (620751 individuals) and their mothers. Data were analyzed from January 2022 until November 2023. Exposures: Maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI; calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared), categorized as underweight (<18.5), normal (18.5-24.9), overweight (25.0-29.9), and obesity (≥30), was assessed. Maternal diabetes status, classified as no diabetes, type 1 diabetes (T1D), type 2 or other diabetes, and gestational diabetes, was assessed. Main Outcomes and Measures: Odds ratios (ORs) of isolated CHDs in children were found. In addition, 9 anatomical CHD subgroups were studied. Results: Of 620751 children (316802 males [51.0%]; 573259 mothers aged 20-40 years [92.3%]) born in Finland during the study period, 10254 children (1.7%) had an isolated CHD. Maternal T1D was associated with increased odds of having a child with any CHD (OR, 3.77 [95% CI, 3.26-4.36]) and 6 of 9 CHD subgroups (OR range, 3.28 [95% CI, 1.55-6.95] for other septal defects to 7.39 [95% CI, 3.00-18.21] for transposition of great arteries) compared with no maternal diabetes. Maternal overweight was associated with left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.10-1.49]) and ventricular septal defects (OR, 0.92 [95% CI, 0.86-0.98]), and obesity was associated with complex defects (OR, 2.70 [95% CI, 1.14-6.43]) and right outflow tract obstruction (OR, 1.31 [95% CI, 1.09-1.58]) compared with normal maternal BMI. Conclusions and Relevance: This study found that maternal T1D was associated with increased risk for most types of CHD in offspring, while obesity and overweight were associated with increased risk for complex defects and outflow tract obstruction and decreased risk for ventricular septal defects. These different risk profiles of T1D and overweight and obesity may suggest distinct underlying teratogenic mechanisms..
Primary care management post gestational diabetes in Australia; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GD) have a high risk of developing diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD). Aim: To assess whether diabetes screening and CVD risk screening occurred in general practice (GP) among postpartum women with GD. Methods: This is a retrospective study of clinical record data of women with GD, under active GP management, from the MedicineInsight programme, run by Australia's National Prescribing Service MedicineWise, with GP sites located in Australia from January 2015 to March 2021. Documentation of screening for diabetes, assessment of lipids and measurement of blood pressure (BP) was assessed using proportions and mixed-effects logistic regression with a log follow-up time offset. Results: There were 10 413 women, with a mean age of 37.9 years (standard deviation, 7.6), from 406 clinics with a mean follow-up of 4.6 years (interquartile range, 1.8–6.2 years) A total of 29.41% (3062/10 413; 95% confidence interval [CI], 28.53–30.28) had not been assessed for diabetes, 37.40% (3894/10 413; 95% CI, 36.47–38.32) were not assessed for lipids and 2.19% (228/10 413; 95% CI, 1.91–2.47) had no BP documented. In total, 51.82% (5396/10 413; 95% CI, 50.86–52.78) were screened for all three (diabetes + lipids + BP) at least once. Obesity, comorbidities and dyslipidaemia were associated with increased likelihood of screening. New diabetes diagnosis was documented in 5.73% (597/10 413; 95% CI, 5.29–6.18) of the cohort. Conclusion: Screening for diabetes and hyperlipidaemia was suboptimal in this high-risk cohort of women with prior GD. Improved messaging that women with a GD diagnosis are at high cardiovascular risk may improve subsequent screening.
Doula Support and Pregnancy-Related Complications and Death Among Childbearing Women in the United States: A Scoping Review; Introduction: The potential benefits of perinatal doula support are many; however, doulas are underutilized, which may heighten pregnancy-related complications. In this scoping review, we assess the influence of perinatal doula support on pregnancy-related complications and death in the United States. Methods: We searched PubMed, CINAHL, Scopus, and Alt HealthWatch for literature on doula support and its influence on pregnancy-related complications (maternal fever or infection, postpartum hemorrhage, amniotic fluid embolism, complications from anesthesia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary or thrombotic embolism, and cerebrovascular accident). Peer-reviewed articles written in English and conducted in the United States from 1969 to 2021 were included. Screening at all levels was blinded. We extracted data based on title, author, year, design, population, sample size, methods, limitations, recommendations, and definition of doula support. Results: Following removal of duplicates, review of 3679 article titles and abstracts yielded 42 articles for full-text review; 3 articles met final inclusion criteria. One included study focused on intrapartum doula support and 2 on doula support that extended throughout the perinatal period. Within the included studies, doula support was associated with decreased rates of intrapartum maternal fever and gestational hypertension; however, it was not associated with decreased rates of gestational diabetes or depression. Discussion: The literature has addressed the benefits of perinatal doula support, but studies with validated tools to examine associations between doula support and pregnancy-related complications and death are lacking. The studies that addressed intrapartum and continuous doula care included large generalizable samples, from which future research can draw to improve the practice of caring for patients during the perinatal period. Extensive research shows that unfavorable conditions can influence perinatal outcomes across generations. Implementing doula support may offer a potential approach to reduce and help alleviate resulting disparities in perinatal health.
Establishing a regional registry for neonatal encephalopathy: impact on identification of gaps in practice; Background: Neonatal encephalopathy (NE) continues to be a significant risk for death and disability. To address this risk, regional guidelines were developed with the support of a malpractice insurance patient safety organization. A NE registry was also established to include 14 centers representing around 50% of deliveries in the state of Massachusetts. The aim of this study was to identify areas of variation in practice that could benefit from quality improvement projects. Methods: This manuscript reports on the establishment of the registry and the primary findings to date. Results: From 2018 to 2020, 502 newborns with NE were evaluated for Therapeutic Hypothermia (TH), of which 246 (49%) received TH, representing a mean of 2.91 per 1000 live births. The study reports on prenatal characteristics, delivery room resuscitation, TH eligibility screening, and post-natal management of newborns with NE who did and did not receive TH. Conclusions: The registry has allowed for the identification of areas of variation in clinical practices, which have guided ongoing quality improvement projects. The authors advocate for the establishment of local and regional registries to standardize and improve NE patient care. They have made the registry data collection tools freely available for other centers to replicate this work. Impact: Malpractice insurance companies can take an active role in supporting clinicians in establishing clinical practice guidelines and regional registries.Establishing a collaborative regional neonatal encephalopathy (NE) registry is feasible.Data Collection tools for a NE registry have been made publicly available to be adopted and replicated by other groups.Establishing a regional NE registry allowed for the identification of gaps in knowledge, variations in practice, and the opportunity to advance care through quality improvement projects.
Cardiogenic shock in pregnancy; Cardiac disease complicates 1%–4% of pregnancies globally, with a predominance in low and middle-income countries (LMICs). Increasing maternal age, rates of obesity, cardiovascular comorbidities, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes all contribute to acquired cardiovascular disease in pregnancy. Additionally, improved survival in congenital heart disease (CHD) has led to increasing numbers of women with CHD undergoing pregnancy. Implementation of individualised care plans formulated through pre-conception counselling and based on national and international guidance have contributed to improved clinical outcomes. However, there remains a significant proportion of women of reproductive age with no apparent comorbidities or risk factors that develop heart disease during pregnancy, with no indication for pre-conception counselling. The most extreme manifestation of cardiac disease is cardiogenic shock (CS), where the primary cardiac pathology results in inadequate cardiac output and hypoperfusion, and is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. Key to management is early recognition, intervention to treat any potentially reversible underlying pathology and supportive measures, up to and including mechanical circulatory support (MCS). In this narrative review we discuss recent developments in the classification of CS, and how these may be adapted to improve outcomes of pregnant women with, or at risk of developing, this potentially lethal condition.
Global, Regional and National Trends in the Burden of Neonatal Respiratory Failure and essentials of its diagnosis and management from 1992 to 2022: a scoping review; Neonatal respiratory failure (NRF) is an emergency which has not been examined extensively. We critically synthesized the contemporary in-hospital prevalence, mortality rate, predictors, aetiologies, diagnosis and management of NRF to better formulate measures to curb its burden. We searched MEDLINE and Google Scholar from 01/01/1992 to 31/12/2022 for relevant publications. We identified 237 papers from 58 high-income and low-and middle-income countries (LMICs). NRF prevalence ranged from 0.64 to 88.4% with some heterogeneity. The prevalence was highest in Africa, the Middle East and Asia. Globally as well as in Asia and the Americas, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) was the leading aetiology of NRF. Neonatal sepsis was first aetiology in Africa, whereas in both Europe and the Middle East it was transient tachypnoea of the newborn. Independent predictors of NRF were prematurity, male gender, ethnicity, low/high birth weight, young/advanced maternal age, primiparity/multiparity, maternal smoking, pregestational/gestational diabetes mellitus, infectious anamneses, antepartum haemorrhage, gestational hypertensive disorders, multiple pregnancy, caesarean delivery, antenatal drugs, foetal distress, APGAR score, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and poor pregnancy follow-up. The NRF-related in-hospital mortality rate was 0.21–57.3%, highest in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. This death toll was primarily due to RDS globally and in all regions. Clinical evaluation using the Silverman-Anderson score was widely used and reliable. Initial resuscitation followed by specific management was the common clinical practice. Conclusion: NRF has a high burden globally, driven by RDS, especially in LIMCs where more aggressive treatment and innovations, preferably subsidized, are warranted to curb its alarming burden. (Table presented.).
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of type 2 diabetes in postmenopausal women; Background: Although gestational diabetes mellitus and delivering high-birthweight infants are known to predict a higher risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus, the association of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and other adverse pregnancy outcomes with type 2 diabetes mellitus is not well established. Objective: This study aimed to examine the associations between different types of adverse pregnancy outcomes and incident type 2 diabetes mellitus among postmenopausal women. Study Design: The Women's Health Initiative, a nationwide cohort of postmenopausal women, collected self-reported history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and delivering low- birthweight (<2500 g) or high-birthweight (>4500 g) infants. Participants were followed up annually for self-reported incident type 2 diabetes mellitus treated with medication from baseline (1993–1998) to March 2021. This study used logistic regression to examine the associations of any and individual adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes mellitus. Stratified analyses were performed to assess effect modification by body mass index, race and ethnicity, education, parity, breastfeeding, and age at first birth. Results: This analysis included 49,717 women without a history of diabetes mellitus at enrollment who had a least 1 pregnancy and responded to the questionnaire about adverse pregnancy outcomes. After adjusting for body mass index, demographic, lifestyle, and reproductive factors, gestational diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 2.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.94–2.63), high birthweight (odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.18–1.44), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.18; 95% confidence interval, 1.08–1.30) were independently associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus, whereas preterm birth and low birthweight were not associated with diabetes mellitus risk. A history of ≥2 adverse pregnancy outcomes was associated with higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 1.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.28–1.88). This study further observed higher odds of type 2 diabetes mellitus (odds ratio, 3.69; 95% confidence interval, 2.38–5.70) among women with a history of both gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than those without any adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion: Postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, those delivering high-birthweight infants, or those with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are at risk of future type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, women with ≥2 conditions had an augmented risk and might be prioritized for screening and prevention efforts for type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Systematic review of guidelines on neonatal hypoglycemia; Objective: In recent years, a series of clinical guidelines on neonatal hypoglycemia have been developed in different countries and regions. This systematic review was aimed at providing evidence for clinical decision-making and providing ideas for future research by comparatively analyzing the contents of various guidelines. Methods: A multilateral approach was used, including comprehensive literature searches and online research. The retrieved studies were screened by two independent reviewers according to our inclusion criteria. The two reviewers independently extracted the descriptive data. Four appraisers assessed the guidelines using the AGREE-II instrument. Results: Ten clinical guidelines on neonatal hypoglycemia were included, with a mean score of 45.28%–83.45% in six domains. The guidelines are relatively consistent in their recommendations on clinical symptoms of neonatal hypoglycemia, but different in risk factors, preventive measures, thresholds for clinical management of hypoglycemia, target glucose ranges for its control, and pharmacotherapy. Conclusion: By summarising the recommendations in the guidelines on neonatal hypoglycemia, we found that blood glucose values were not the only observational indicator, and other indicators (e.g., ketone bodies, lactate) related to glucose metabolism should also be considered for a comprehensive assessment. There is still a lack of consensus on thresholds for the clinical management of hypoglycemia and target glucose ranges for its control, and the recommendations on its pharmacotherapy are rather simple and sketchy. In the future, more high-quality studies are required to further improve the early identification of neonatal hypoglycemia and intervention strategies against it.
Artificial intelligence approaches to physiological parameter analysis in the monitoring and treatment of non-communicable diseases: A review; The wide availability of electronic medical data from multiple sources, such as clinical settings and wearable devices, evidences an important opportunity for the analysis of non-communicable diseases with high mortality rates globally and costly management expenditures, like cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular or chronic respiratory diseases. Advances in artificial intelligence (AI) have a great potential to use the information obtained from the constant monitoring of physiological parameters to create models that can serve as support in the warning of possible health complications, enabling medical professionals to provide anticipated care, thus benefiting national economies through reduction of medical expenses. The present study is a systematic review of different scientific databases taking two time periods, from 1956 to 2021 and from 2011 to 2021, to show the trends in the use of artificial intelligence algorithms and the performances obtained in the monitoring and detection of non-communicable diseases using electronic data. It is found that the analysis of cancer data predominates over that of other non-communicable diseases; also, the best performance of AI techniques was not achieved by artificial neural networks despite being the most reported computing systems in the time period considered.
Metformin prescription for U.S. veterans with prediabetes, 2010–2019; Affecting an estimated 88 million Americans, prediabetes increases the risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and independently, cardiovascular disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Nevertheless, little is known about the use of metformin for diabetes prevention among patients in the Veterans Health Administration, the largest integrated healthcare system in the U.S. This is a retrospective observational cohort study of the proportion of Veterans with incident prediabetes who were prescribed metformin at the Veterans Health Administration from October 2010 to September 2019. Among 1,059,605 Veterans with incident prediabetes, 12,009 (1.1%) were prescribed metformin during an average 3.4 years of observation after diagnosis. Metformin prescribing was marginally higher (1.6%) among those with body mass index (BMI) ≥35 kg/m2, age <60 years, HbA1c≥6.0%, or those with a history of gestational diabetes, all subgroups at a higher risk for progression to T2DM. In a multivariable model, metformin was more likely to be prescribed for those with BMI ≥35 kg/m2 incidence rate ratio [IRR] 2.6 [95% confidence intervals (CI): 2.1–3.3], female sex IRR, 2.4 [95% CI: 1.8–3.3], HbA1c≥6% IRR, 1.93 [95% CI: 1.5–2.4], age <60 years IRR, 1.7 [95% CI: 1.3–2.3], hypertriglyceridemia IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.2–1.9], hypertension IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1–2.1], Major Depressive Disorder IRR, 1.5 [95% CI: 1.1–2.0], or schizophrenia IRR, 2.1 [95% CI: 1.2–3.8]. Over 20% of Veterans with prediabetes attended a comprehensive structured lifestyle modification clinic or program. Among Veterans with prediabetes, metformin was prescribed to 1.1% overall, a proportion that marginally increased to 1.6% in the subset of individuals at highest risk for progression to T2DM.
Outcomes in low-risk patients before and after an institutional policy offering 39-week elective induction of labor; Objective: Elective induction of labor versus expectant management at 39 weeks gestation in low-risk nulliparous patients was shown in the ARRIVE randomized trial of over 6000 patients to decrease risks of cesarean delivery without significant change in the composite perinatal outcome. We aimed to pragmatically analyze the effect of offering elective induction of labor (eIOL) to all low-risk patients. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of low-risk nulliparous and multiparous patients delivering live, non-anomalous singletons at a single center at greater than or equal to 39 0/7 weeks gestational age. Those with prior or planned cesarean delivery, ruptured membranes, medical comorbidities, or contraindications to vaginal delivery were excluded. Patients were categorized as before (pre-eIOL; 1/2012–3/2014) or after (post-eIOL; 3/2019–12/2021) an institution-wide policy offering eIOL at 39 0/7 weeks. Births occurring April 2014 to December 2018 were allocated to a separate cohort (during-eIOL) given increased exposure to eIOL as our center recruited participants for the ARRIVE trial. The primary outcome was cesarean birth. Secondary outcomes included select maternal (e.g. chorioamnionitis, operative delivery, postpartum hemorrhage) and neonatal morbidities (e.g. birthweight, small- and large-for gestational age, hypoglycemia). Characteristics and outcomes were compared between the pre and during-eIOL, and pre and post-eIOL groups; adjusted OR (95% CI) were calculated using multivariable regression. Subgroup analysis by parity was planned. Results: Of 10,758 patients analyzed, 2521 (23.4%) were pre-eIOL, 5410 (50.3%) during-eIOL, and 2827 (26.3%) post-eIOL. Groups differed with respect to labor type, age, race/ethnicity, marital and payor status, and gestational age at care entry. Post-eIOL was associated with lower odds of cesarean compared to pre-eIOL (aOR 0.83 [95% CI 0.72–0.96]), which was even lower among those specifically undergoing labor induction (aOR 0.58 [0.48–0.70]. During-eIOL was also associated with lower odds of cesarean compared to pre-eIOL (aOR 0.79 [0.69–0.90]). Both during and post-eIOL groups were associated with higher odds of chorioamnionitis, operative delivery, and hemorrhage compared to pre-eIOL. However, only among post-eIOL were there fewer neonates weighing ≥4000 g, large-for-gestational age infants, and neonatal hypoglycemia compared to pre-IOL. Conclusion: An institutional policy offering eIOL at 39 0/7 to low-risk patients was associated with a lower cesarean birth rate, lower birthweights and lower neonatal hypoglycemia, and an increased risk of chorioamnionitis and hemorrhage.
Effect of pelvic artery embolization for postpartum hemorrhage on subsequent pregnancies: a single-center retrospective cohort study; Objective: Pelvic artery embolization (PAE) is a uterus-saving treatment for postpartum hemorrhage (PPH); however, subfertility or abnormal placentation for subsequent pregnancy has been a concern in several previous reports. This study aimed to investigate the impact of PAE on subsequent pregnancies in women with a history of PPH. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on women transferred to the tertiary center for PPH and delivered for the next pregnancy at the same center later. The study group was divided into two groups based on PAE application to treat previous PPH. Results: Of the 62 women included, 66% (41/62) had received PAE for the previous PPH, while 21 had not. Pregnancy outcomes for subsequent pregnancies were compared between the PAE and non-PAE groups. The PAE group had a higher estimated blood loss volume for the present delivery than the non-PAE group (600 vs. 300 mL, p = 0.008). The PAE group also demonstrated a higher incidence of placenta previa (4.8% vs. 24.4%, p = 0.080) and placenta accreta (0% vs. 14.6%, p = 0.082) than the non-PAE group, although the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that the use of PAE to treat PPH may increase the risk of bleeding, placenta previa, and placenta accreta spectrum in subsequent pregnancies.
Values of Caprini Risk Assessment Scale and D-Dimer for Predicting Venous Thromboembolism During Puerperium; Purpose: To evaluate the predictive value of the combination of the Caprini risk assessment model (RAM) and D-dimer for venous thromboembolism (VTE) during puerperium. Patients and Methods: This was a retrospective case–control study. Thirty-one puerperium patients with VTE were included as cases, and 279 puerperium women without VTE were matched to cases according to age, number of fetuses, birth day and delivery mode at the ratio of 9:1. Demographic data, clinical data and laboratory parameters within postpartum 24 h were collected. Multivariate analysis, employing the forward stepwise model, was conducted to identify independent factors associated with VTE during puerperium. The predictive values of Caprini RAM, D-dimer and their combination were evaluated using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, and the area under curve (AUC) was compared using Z test. Results: Univariate analysis demonstrated that there were significant differences in D-dimer levels, Caprini score, scarred uterus, adherent placenta, postpartum hemorrhage and intrauterine infection between cases and controls (P<0.05). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that D-dimer levels (OR: 1.754, 95% CI: 1.237–3.182), Caprini score (OR: 1.209, 95% CI: 1.058–2.280), scarred uterus (OR: 1.978, 95% CI: 1.258–3.794), postpartum hemorrhage (OR: 2.276, 95% CI: 1.334–4.347) and intrauterine infection (OR: 2.575, 95% CI: 1.463–4.618) were independently associated with VTE during puerperium with adjustment for adherent placenta and fetal birth weight. The AUCs of D-dimer levels, Caprini score and their combination were 0.748 (SE: 0.030, 95% CI: 0.688–0.807), 0.647 (SE: 0.035, 95% CI: 0.578–0.716) and 0.840 (SE: 0.025, 95% CI: 0.791–0.888). Combination prediction had a higher AUC compared with that of independent prediction (0.840 vs 0.748, Z=2.356, P=0.009; 0.840 vs 0.647, Z=4.487, P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 83.9% and specificity of 80.3%. Conclusion: The combination of the Caprini RAM and D-dimer could significantly elevate the predictive value for VTE during puerperium, and this new tool had the potential in the prediction of VTE during puerperium.
Pregnancy-associated risk factors for future cardiovascular disease–early prevention strategies warranted; We summarize convincing evidence that future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk increases one-fold to four-fold for women with a history of pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, placental abruption and preterm birth. A concomitant occurrence of two or more complications in the same pregnancy further potentiates the risk. These women should be informed of their future CVD risks during the postpartum check-up taking place after delivery, and also, if needed, treated, for example, for persisting high blood pressure. In these women with high blood pressure, check-up should take place within 7–10 days, and if severe hypertension, within 72 h. Women without diagnostic signs and symptoms should be examined for the first time 1–2 years postpartum and then at intervals of 2–3 years for a complete CVD risk profile including clinical and laboratory assessments. Women should be informed for future CVD risks and their effective prevention with healthy lifestyle factors. Combined oral contraceptives should be avoided or used with caution. If laboratory or other clinical findings indicate, then vigorous treatments consisting of non-medical and medical (antihypertensives, statins, antidiabetic and anti-obesity therapies) interventions should be initiated early with liberal indications and with ambitious therapeutic goals. Low-dose aspirin and menopausal hormone therapy should be used in selected cases. Active control and treatment policies of these women with pregnancy-related risks will likely result in decreases of CVD occurrence in later life.
Fibrinogen as a potential diagnostic marker for prediction and evaluation of postpartum hemorrhage: a retrospective study; Objective: To investigate whether prenatal fibrinogen (FIB) or other related factors could be utilized to evaluate the risk of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Methods: A retrospective study was conducted in a database from January 2015 to December 2019. A total of 128 patients were enrolled and evaluated with FIB, in which 55 patients were assigned to low FIB and 73 in normal FIB. Results: According to the volume of blood loss, the mean of the low FIB group (<4 g/L) was markedly higher than that of the normal FIB group (≥4 g/L). Prenatal FIB was negatively correlated with PPH volume. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve results indicated that the value of prenatal FIB was 0.701 to predict refractory PPH. Conclusions: Prenatal FIB was significantly related to thrombin time (TT), which may be an independent factor to predict the coagulation state of prenatal pregnancy.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome among Pregnant Women Presenting with Decreased Fetal Movements in Third Trimester; Background: Decreased fetal movement is one of the common complaints among the pregnant women presenting to emergency department. 55% of pregnancies with stillbirth gave history of decreased fetal movements prior to the diagnosis. It occurring on multiple occasions has increased risk of poor perinatal outcome. Hence early diagnosis of the cause for decreased fetal movements’ helps to initiate intervention when the fetus is still compensated; thus prevents progression to fetal death. Aims and Objectives of the Study: To estimate obstetric & perinatal outcomes of pregnant women presenting with decreased fetal movements in third trimester. To estimate obstetric & perinatal outcomes of pregnant women presenting with decreased fetal movements in third trimester. Materials: A prospective descriptive hospital based study in 197 pregnant women who presented with decreased fetal movements in the third trimester to the labour room of Govt. Medical College, Kottayam during February 2021 to October 2021 were included after ensuring the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Then they were followed up until delivery to study the maternal & perinatal outcome. Results: Among the 197 study subjects, 56.3% were Primigravida. 14.2% were presented with more than once with decreased fetal movements. The incidence was 12.2% with intrauterine fetal demise (IUD) at presentation. 77.15% were induced, 32% had caesarean section. Among the 173 live babies, 7.5% had APGAR < 7, 23.1% had fetal distress, 12.1% had perinatal asphyxia requiring resuscitation, 6.4% had meconium aspiration syndrome and 27.7% required admission in NICU. 27.9% were preterm and 16.2% had perinatal mortality. Conclusions: Women presenting with reduced fetal movement are associated with poor perinatal outcomes like preterm birth, low APGAR score, perinatal asphyxia requiring resuscitation, respiratory distress, meconium aspiration syndrome, NICU admission and perinatal mortality and also an increased rate of cesarean section. The patients with obstetric and medical complications in the present or previous pregnancies; presenting with decreased perception of fetal movements for more than one time was associated with poor perinatal outcome.
Role of Intrapartum CTG in Reliable Prediction of Fetal Outcome: A Tertiary Care Hospital Based Study; Background: Fetal mortality, morbidity and neurological sequelae of fetal hypoxia can be reduced to a significant extent by effective monitoring in Intrapartumperiod. The study aims to evaluate the role of intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) in accurately predicting the fetal outcome. Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted at the department of obstetrics and gynecology in the department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Patna Medical College and hospital, Patna, Bihar, India.) A total of 106 patients in labour participated in this study during the period of December 2022 to December 2023 who had delivered their child either by lower uterine caesarian section (LUCS) or normal vaginal delivery (NVD) during the study period. Result: In this study, most patients were between 20 – 25 years of age(68.86%). With respect to Parity, 44 out of 106 were primigravida (41%), 53 were multigravidas (50%). Out of the total patients enrolled, CTG was reactive in 74 cases (69.8%) and Non-reactive in 32 patients(30.18%). In this study, the non-reactive CTG accurately predicted poor Apgar in 65.51% cases. Of intrapartum CTG, findings were falsely positive in 11.7% cases and 34.5% were false negative. Conclusions: CTG is one of the reliable methods of monitoring the fetus. Non-reactive CTG record with a high probability indicates the likelihood of the presence of perinatal asphyxia. However reactive CTG is not an accurate marker of fetalwell being. If fetal distress is suspected, optimal and adequate interventions or further investigations should be undertaken as necessitated.
Postoperative Coagulation State Predicts Deep Vein Thrombosis After Cesarean Section in Elderly Pregnant Women; Introduction: We aimed to evaluate the risk factors for the development of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) within one month after delivery in pregnant women of advanced maternal age undergoing cesarean section and explore the predictive value of fasting coagulation indicators in relation to the development of DVT. Methods: A total of 176 eligible postpartum women were included in this study. Sixty-seven cases developed DVT within one month after delivery (DVT group), while 109 cases did not experience DVT (NDVT group). Within 24 hours after cesarean section, fasting coagulation indicators are measured. Coagulation system analysis was performed using the STA-R Evolution fully automated coagulation analyzer. Results: The women who developed DVT were found to be older, had a higher proportion of women with previous childbirth experiences, and had a higher proportion of women with comorbidities. Our results revealed significant differences in the levels of activated partial thromboplastin time and prothrombin time between the NDVT group and the DVT group. In contrast, the DVT group displayed significantly higher levels of D-dimer, plasma fibrinogen and platelet count when compared to the NDVT group. The AUC for the combined test model was substantially higher compared to individual parameters. Discussion: Multiple parameters of the postoperative coagulation state in the combined test model provided a more accurate prediction of DVT occurrence in elderly pregnant women after cesarean section.
Previous High-Intensity Breastfeeding Lowers the Risk of an Abnormal Fasting Glucose in a Subsequent Pregnancy Oral Glucose Tolerance Test; Breastfeeding is associated with reduced lifetime cardiometabolic risk, but little is known regarding the metabolic benefit in a subsequent pregnancy. The primary aim of this study was to investigate the association between breastfeeding duration and intensity and next pregnancy oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. A retrospective cohort study was conducted from March 2020 to October 2022. All multiparous women who met inclusion criteria and gave birth during the study period were eligible for inclusion. Analysis was stratified by risk for gestational diabetes (GDM). High GDM risk criteria included previous GDM and BMI > 35 kg/m2. The association between breastfeeding duration and high-intensity breastfeeding (HIBF) and subsequent pregnancy OGTT were assessed with multivariate logistic models adjusted for statistically and clinically relevant covariables. There were 5374 multiparous participants who met the inclusion criteria for analysis. Of these, 61.7% had previously breastfed for >6 months, and 43.4% were at high risk for GDM. HIBF was associated with 47% reduced odds of an abnormal fasting glucose in a subsequent pregnancy OGTT (aOR 0.53; 95%CI 0.38–0.75; p < 0.01). There was no association between HIBF and other glucose results on the OGTT. Women who smoked were least likely to breastfeed at high intensity (aOR 0.31; 95%CI 0.21–0.47; p < 0.01). South Asian women had 65% higher odds of HIBF than women who identified as White/European (aOR 1.65; 1.36–2.00; p < 0.01). This study highlights the importance of exclusive breastfeeding to potentially reduce the prevalence of GDM and may also translate into long-term reduction of cardiometabolic risk.
c.1103T>C (p.Ile368Th) de novo Variant in Synaptotagmin 1 (SYT1) Gene is Pathogenic, Leading to an Ultra-Rare Neurodevelopmental Disorder: The Baker-Gordon Syndrome; Baker-Gordon Syndrome (BAGOS) is a genetically determined 4 (NDD), represented by a phenotypic spectrum of moderate to severe intellectual disability, resulting from mutations in the synaptotagmin 1 (SYT1) gene. Its prevalence is estimated at 1:1,000,000 and the known gene variants have indicated complete penetrance with variable expressivity. SYT1 is a membrane trafficking protein in presynaptic vesicles, which exerts a complex influence on synaptic transmission, with fundamental roles in the release of neurotransmitters and facilitators of endocytosis, impacting both neurotransmission and neuron plasticity. The current case report describes the first Brazilian male patient diagnosed at 17-year-old, and the 39th reported case globally using whole-exome sequencing. A de novo heterozygous missense mutation at chr12q:79448958 (NM_005639.2; c.1103T>C; p.Ile368Thr) in the SYT1 was found and classified as a pathogenic variant. The proband’s clinical phenotype was compatible with BAGOS, involving behavioral changes such as irritability and severe intellectual disability. Knowledge about the mechanism of action and the extent of the genotypic and phenotypic presentations of the mutations in the SYT1 is still unfolding. Thus, we aimed to describe additional genotype– phenotype correlation for BAGOS, contributing to the expansion of the existing knowledge of such a heterogeneous ultra-rare syndrome, and, therefore, improve its diagnostic yield, case management, and therapeutic journey for future patients.
Anaesthetic management of a parturient with an unrepaired coronary arteriovenous fistula for caesarean section; Coronary arteriovenous fistulas are an abnormal conduit between a coronary artery and another cardiovascular lumen, without an intervening capillary bed. The reported prevalence is 0.002–0.3%. Physiologic consequences such as congestive heart failure, coronary steal phenomenon and fistula aneurysm formation and rupture are possible. There are limited reports of symptomatic coronary arteriovenous fistulas in association with pregnancy. We describe a 19-year-old woman with symptomatic left circumflex artery to coronary sinus fistula, terminating into a large exophytic varix in the right atrium, presenting for an elective caesarean section at 37 weeks gestational age. Our anaesthetic management strategy aimed to optimise myocardial perfusion, maintain euvolemia, avoid right ventricular obstruction from exophytic varix and avoid sympathetic stimulation or sudden increases in pulmonary vascular resistance. A slowly titrated epidural was used as the primary anaesthetic. Our patient tolerated the procedure well and was discharged home on postoperative day two. Understanding of the potential physiologic consequence of coronary arteriovenous fistulas, and interaction with the physiologic changes of pregnancy and delivery, are essential for the management of these cases.
Quality Concerns of Lip Care Cosmetics and Applicable Regulatory Framework: Need for a Harmonized Cosmetovigilance Programme; Cosmetics still have a glitzy attraction, but the public is increasingly concerned about their toxicity. Since 2500 BC, one way of enhancing the beauty of lips has been using lipstick compositions. Lip care cosmetic product usually contains emollients, waxes, texturing agents, preservatives, and oils. Women apply lipstick two to several times per day, according to the researchers. In terms of substance exposure, that translates as consuming or holding onto approximately 87 mg of lipstick every day. It has been shown to contain trace amounts of heavy metals such as Cd, Cr, Cu, Co, Ni and Pb. Cosmetics either contain trace levels of these harmful metals on purpose or as impurities in the raw materials. Long-term exposure to these chemicals can pose serious risks to human health, most notably skin cancer. Mineral pigments, which are frequently used to make lipstick, cause products to get contaminated with heavy metals. So, there is necessity for stringent regulation of cosmetics in a harmonized way. It is crucial to regulate this business to safeguard consumers and society. This review article provides an overview of the many regulations that apply to cosmetics across the world as well as suggestions regarding the same.
Advances in Mass Spectrometry-Based Blood Metabolomics Profiling for Non-Cancer Diseases: A Comprehensive Review; Blood metabolomics profiling using mass spectrometry has emerged as a powerful approach for investigating non-cancer diseases and understanding their underlying metabolic alterations. Blood, as a readily accessible physiological fluid, contains a diverse repertoire of metabolites derived from various physiological systems. Mass spectrometry offers a universal and precise analytical platform for the comprehensive analysis of blood metabolites, encompassing proteins, lipids, peptides, glycans, and immunoglobulins. In this comprehensive review, we present an overview of the research landscape in mass spectrometry-based blood metabolomics profiling. While the field of metabolomics research is primarily focused on cancer, this review specifically highlights studies related to non-cancer diseases, aiming to bring attention to valuable research that often remains overshadowed. Employing natural language processing methods, we processed 507 articles to provide insights into the application of metabolomic studies for specific diseases and physiological systems. The review encompasses a wide range of non-cancer diseases, with emphasis on cardiovascular disease, reproductive disease, diabetes, inflammation, and immunodeficiency states. By analyzing blood samples, researchers gain valuable insights into the metabolic perturbations associated with these diseases, potentially leading to the identification of novel biomarkers and the development of personalized therapeutic approaches. Furthermore, we provide a comprehensive overview of various mass spectrometry approaches utilized in blood metabolomics research, including GC-MS, LC-MS, and others discussing their advantages and limitations. To enhance the scope, we propose including recent review articles supporting the applicability of GC×GC-MS for metabolomics-based studies. This addition will contribute to a more exhaustive understanding of the available analytical techniques. The Integration of mass spectrometry-based blood profiling into clinical practice holds promise for improving disease diagnosis, treatment monitoring, and patient outcomes. By unraveling the complex metabolic alterations associated with non-cancer diseases, researchers and healthcare professionals can pave the way for precision medicine and personalized therapeutic interventions. Continuous advancements in mass spectrometry technology and data analysis methods will further enhance the potential of blood metabolomics profiling in non-cancer diseases, facilitating its translation from the laboratory to routine clinical application.
A Study of Oral versus Vaginal Misoprostol for Labour Induction; Background: Labor induction involves initiating uterine contractions before the onset of spontaneous labor. It is recommended in situations where the advantages to both the mother and fetus outweigh those of continuing the pregnancy. The present study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of 50 µg of misoprostol vaginal with oral for labor induction. Methods: Term pregnant women admitted to the labor room and antenatal wards of the Obstetrics and Gynecology department were included in the study. The oral drug consisted of 50 µg of misoprostol in the first dose and 100 µg in subsequent doses, while the vaginal drug contained 25 µg in all doses. Eligible participants were pregnant women between 37 and 42 weeks of gestation, carrying a single, live fetus in cephalic presentation, with reassuring fetal heart rates and intact membranes. Results: The Bishop Score at the time of induction in both arms ranged between 0 and 6 with a mean of 3.30 in the vaginal group and 3.25 in the oral group. All patients were induced with misoprostol either the vaginal route or the oral route along with placebo. The median number of doses of misoprostol used in the vaginal and oral groups was 2 in each group. In the vaginal misoprostol group, 30 cases (60%) resulted in vaginal delivery, while in the oral misoprostol group, 28 cases (56%) ended in vaginal delivery, totaling 58 cases. Instrumental: In the vaginal misoprostol group, 10 cases (20%) required instrumental delivery, and in the oral misoprostol group, 9 cases (18%) underwent instrumental delivery, totaling 19 cases. Both the vaginal and oral misoprostol groups had 10 cases (20%) and 13 cases (26%), respectively, that ended in cesarean section, totaling 23 cases. Conclusion: Our study within its limitations determined that oral misoprostol exhibits comparable effectiveness to vaginal misoprostol in cervical ripening and achieving vaginal delivery within 24 hours. Rates of hyperstimulation and cesarean section were similar between both groups. Additionally, the oral misoprostol group demonstrated a reduced need for oxytocin augmentation.
Gestational Weight Gain, Pregnancy Related Complications and the Short-Term Risks for the Offspring; Background and objectives: Maternal obesity influences pregnancy course in several different manners, and imbalanced nutrition during pregnancy may lead to various adverse pregnancy outcomes. Additionally, nutritional status during pregnancy may have implications for the health of the offspring and may possibly influence early motor development in children. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) on pregnancy outcomes and infant’s motor development within the first twelve months of life. Materials and methods: The study included 200 participants divided in two groups based on their gestational weight gain. Maternal, perinatal, and neonatal factors were analyzed, and early motor development was assessed using the Alberta infant motor scale (AIMS). Results: EGWG was significantly associated with: pre-pregnancy BMI (p < 0.001), family history for cardiovascular diseases (p = 0.013) and diabetes mellitus (p = 0.045), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (p = 0.003), gestational diabetes mellitus (p < 0.001), gestational anemia (p = 0.001), vitamin D deficiency (p = 0.001), metformin use (p = 0.045), pre-labor premature rupture of membranes (p = 0.031), amniotic fluid index (p = 0.047), and APGAR score in the first five min of life (p = 0.007). Scored by AIMS, EGWG was significantly associated with parameters of early motor development at the age of three AIMS total (p < 0.001), six AIMS total (p < 0.001), nine AIMS total (p < 0.001), and twelve AIMS total (p < 0.001) months of infant’s life. Conclusions: The link between EGWG and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in offspring is a complex and multifaceted issue. Our results imply significant alterations in early motor development in the group of infants born from mothers who gained weight excessively during pregnancy. Further studies are needed to unravel the intricacies of this relationship and inform strategies for preventive interventions and supportive care during pregnancy and infancy.
A Review from a Clinical Perspective: Recent Advances in Biosensors for the Detection of L-Amino Acids; The field of biosensors is filled with reports and designs of various sensors, with the vast majority focusing on glucose sensing. However, in addition to glucose, there are many other important analytes that are worth investigating as well. In particular, L-amino acids appear as important diagnostic markers for a number of conditions. However, the progress in L-amino acid detection and the development of biosensors for L-amino acids are still somewhat insufficient. In recent years, the need to determine L-amino acids from clinical samples has risen. More clinical data appear to demonstrate that abnormal concentrations of L-amino acids are related to various clinical conditions such as inherited metabolic disorders, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes, muscle damage, etc. However, to this day, the diagnostic potential of L-amino acids is not yet fully established. Most likely, this is because of the difficulties in measuring L-amino acids, especially in human blood. In this review article, we extensively investigate the ‘overlooked’ L-amino acids. We review typical levels of amino acids present in human blood and broadly survey the importance of L-amino acids in most common conditions which can be monitored or diagnosed from changes in L-amino acids present in human blood. We also provide an overview of recent biosensors for L-amino acid monitoring and their advantages and disadvantages, with some other alternative methods for L-amino acid quantification, and finally we outline future perspectives related to the development of biosensing devices for L-amino acid monitoring.
A Mechanistic Review on How Berberine Use Combats Diabetes and Related Complications: Molecular, Cellular, and Metabolic Effects; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid that can be extracted from herbs such as Coptis, Phellodendron, and Berberis. BBR has been widely used as a folk medicine to treat various disorders. It is a multi-target drug with multiple mechanisms. Studies have shown that it has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties and can also adjust intestinal microbial flora. This review focused on the promising antidiabetic effects of BBR in several cellular, animal, and clinical studies. Based on previous research, BBR significantly reduced levels of fasting blood glucose, hemoglobin A1C, inflammatory cytokines, and oxidative stress markers. Furthermore, BBR stimulated insulin secretion and improved insulin resistance through different pathways, including up-regulation of protein expression of proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR)-γ, glucose transporter (GLUT) 4, PI3K/AKT, and AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) activation. Interestingly, it was demonstrated that BBR has protective effects against diabetes complications, such as diabetic-induced hepatic damage, cardiovascular disorders, nephropathy, and neuropathy. Furthermore, multiple clinical trial studies have emphasized the ameliorative effects of BBR in type 2 diabetic patients.
Down-Regulation of CPEB4 Alleviates Preeclampsia through the Inhibition of Ferroptosis by PFKFB3; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicated with preeclampsia can lead to polyhydramnios, ke-tosis. Herein, we explored that CPEB4 in cancer progression of preeclampsia and its underlying mechanism. All the serum samples were collected from patients with preeclampsia. These was the induction of CPEB4 in patients with preeclampsia. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was positive correlation with Proteinuria, systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was also negative correlation with body weight of infant in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression also was negative correlation with GPX4 level and GSH activity level in patients. The serum of CPEB4 mRNA expression was positive correlation with iron content in patients. CPEB4 gene inhibited trophoblast cell proliferation. CPEB4 gene promoted trophoblast cell ferroptosis by mitochondrial damage. CPEB4 gene induced PFKFB3 expression by the inhibition of PFKFB3 Ubiquitination. PFKFB3 inhibitor reduced the effects of CPEB4 on cell proliferation and ferroptosis of trophoblast cell. Taken together, the CPEB4 promoted trophoblast cell ferroptosis through mitochondrial damage by the induction of PFKFB3 expression, CPEB4 as an represents a potential therapeutic strategy for the treatment of preeclampsia or various types of GDM.
Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy and Pre-Pregnancy Hypertension with Subsequent Incident Venous Thromboembolic Events; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and pre-pregnancy hypertension contribute to maternal morbidity and mortality. We examined the association of HDP and pre-pregnancy hypertension with subsequent venous thromboembolic (VTE) events. The retrospective cohort study included 444,859 women with ≥1 live, singleton birth in South Carolina (2004–2016). Hospital and emergency department visit and death certificate data defined incident VTE, HDP, and pre-pregnancy hypertension. Birth certificate data also defined the exposures. Adjusted Cox proportional hazards methods modeled VTE events risk. Of the cohort, 2.6% of women had pre-pregnancy hypertension, 5.8% had HDP, 2.8% had both pre-pregnancy hypertension and HDP (both conditions), and 88.8% had neither condition. The risk of incident VTE events within one year of delivery was higher in women with HDP (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.62, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.15–2.29) and both conditions (HR = 2.32, 95% CI: 1.60–3.35) compared to those with neither condition as was the risk within five years for women with HDP (HR = 1.35, 95% CI: 1.13–1.60) and for women with both conditions (HR = 1.82, 95% CI: 1.50–2.20). One- and five-year risks did not differ in women with pre-pregnancy hypertension compared to women with neither condition. Compared to non-Hispanic White (NHW) women with neither condition, the incident VTE event risk was elevated within five years of delivery for NHW (HR = 1.29, 95% CI: 1.02–1.63; HR = 1.59, 95% CI: 1.16–2.17) and non-Hispanic Black (NHB; HR = 1.51, 95% CI: 1.16–2.96; HR = 2.08, 95% CI: 1.62–2.66) women with HDP and with both conditions, respectively, and for NHB women with pre-pregnancy hypertension (HR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.09–2.07). VTE event risk was highest in women with HDP, and the event rates were higher in NHB women than in NHW women in the same exposure group.
Prophylactic tranexamic acid for reducing intraoperative blood loss during cesarean section in women at high risk of postpartum hemorrhage: A double-blind placebo randomized controlled trial; Background: Postpartum hemorrhage remains a leading cause of maternal mortality especially in developing countries. The majority of previous trials on the effectiveness of tranexamic acid in reducing blood loss were performed in low-risk women for postpartum hemorrhage. A recent Cochrane Systematic Review recommended that further research was needed to determine the effects of prophylactic tranexamic acid for preventing intraoperative blood loss in women at high risk of postpartum hemorrhage. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of tranexamic acid in reducing intraoperative blood loss when given prior to cesarean delivery in women at high risk of postpartum hemorrhage. Study design: The study is a double-blind randomized controlled trial. Methods: The study consisted of 200 term pregnant women and high-risk preterm pregnancies scheduled for lower-segment cesarean delivery at Enugu State University of Science and Technology, Teaching Hospital, Parklane, Enugu, Nigeria. The participants were randomized into two arms (intravenous 1 g of tranexamic acid or placebo) in a ratio of 1:1. The participants received either 1 g of tranexamic acid or placebo (20 mL of normal saline) intravenously at least 10 min prior to commencement of the surgery. The primary outcome measures were the mean intraoperative blood loss and hematocrit change 48 h postoperatively. Results: The baseline sociodemographic characteristics were similar in both groups. The tranexamic acid group when compared to the placebo group showed significantly lower mean blood loss (442.94 ± 200.97 versus 801.28 ± 258.68 mL; p = 0.001), higher mean postoperative hemoglobin (10.39 + 0.96 versus 9.67 ± 0.86 g/dL; p = 0.001), lower incidence of postpartum hemorrhage (1.0% versus 19.0%; p = 0.001), and lower need for use of additional uterotonic agents after routine management of the third stage of labor (39.0% versus 68.0%; p = 0.001), respectively. However, there was no significant difference in the mean preoperative hemoglobin (11.24 ± 0.88 versus 11.15 ± 0.90 g/dL; p = 0.457), need for other surgical intervention for postpartum hemorrhage (p > 0.05), and reported side effect, respectively, between the two groups. Conclusion: Prophylactic administration of tranexamic acid significantly decreases postpartum blood loss, improves postpartum hemoglobin, decreases the need for additional uterotonics, and prevents postpartum hemorrhage following cesarean section in pregnant women at high risk of postpartum hemorrhage. Its routine use during cesarean section in high-risk women may be encouraged. The trial was registered in the Pan-African Clinical Trial Registry with approval number PACTR202107872851363.
Analysis of risk factors and changes in myocardial biomarker levels in 122 cases of early neonatal anemia; Background/aim: Anemia in the first week after birth, which could affect growth, development, and organ function, should be an important warning sign to clinicians. The aim of this study was to assess the related risk factors of early neonatal anemia and to analyze the effect of anemia on the expression levels of myocardial markers in newborns. Materials and methods: Clinical data from 122 confirmed cases of anemic newborns and 108 nonanemic newborns were collected to analyze the independent risk factors for early anemia using logistic regression analyses. Blood samples were collected from both groups for the detection of myocardial markers, including the protein marker cardiac troponin T (cTnT), as well as enzyme markers creatine kinase isoenzyme MB (CK-MB) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH). Results: Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that preterm birth (OR: 3.589 [1.119–11.506], p < 0.05), multiple pregnancy (OR: 4.117 [1.021–16.611], p < 0.05), and abnormal placenta (OR: 4.712 [1.077–20.625], p < 0.05) were independent risk factors for early neonatal anemia. The levels of myocardial markers, including cTnT (303.1 ± 244.7 vs. 44.2 ± 55.41 ng/L), CK-MB (6.803 ± 8.971 vs. 2.5326 ± 2.927 µkat/L), and LDH (32.42 ± 35.26 vs. 19.73 ± 17.13 µkat/L), were significantly higher in the anemic group than in the nonanemic group. Conclusion: Multiple pregnancy, preterm birth, and abnormal placenta were identified as risk factors for early neonatal anemia. The occurrence of early neonatal anemia was associated with increased levels of myocardial markers.
Potential Mediators for Treatment Effects of Novel Diabetes Medications on Cardiovascular and Renal Outcomes: A Meta-Regression Analysis; BACKGROUND: Prior research suggests clinical effects of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) are mediated by changes in glycated hemoglobin, body weight, systolic blood pressure, hematocrit, and urine albumin-creatinine ratio. We aimed to confirm these findings using a meta-analytic approach. METHODS AND RESULTS: We updated a systematic review of 9 GLP-1RA and 13 SGLT2i trials and summarized longitudinal mediator data. We obtained hazard ratios (HRs) for cardiovascular, renal, and mortality outcomes. We performed linear mixed-effects modeling of LogHRs versus changes in potential mediators and investigated differences in meta-regression associations among drug classes using interaction terms. HRs generally became more protective with greater glycated hemoglobin reduction among GLP-1RA trials, with average HR improvements of 20% to 30%, reaching statistical significance for major adverse cardiovascular events (ΔHR, 23%; P=0.02). Among SGLT2i trials, associations with HRs were not significant and differed from GLP1-RA trials for major adverse cardiovascular events (Pinteraction =0.04). HRs for major adverse cardiovascular events, myocardial infarction, and stroke became less efficacious (ΔHR, −15% to −34%), with more weight loss for SGLT2i but not for GLP-1RA trials (ΔHR, 4%−7%; Pinteraction <0.05). Among 5 SGLT2i trials with available data, HRs for stroke became less efficacious with larger increases in hematocrit (ΔHR, 123%; P=0.09). No changes in HRs by systolic blood pressure (ΔHR, −11% to 9%) and urine albumin-creatinine ratio (ΔHR, −1% to 4%) were found for any outcome. CONCLUSIONS: We confirmed increased efficacy findings for major adverse cardiovascular events with reduction in glycated hemoglobin for GLP1-RAs. Further research is needed on the potential loss of cardiovascular benefits with increased weight loss and hematocrit for SGLT2i.
Endometrial preparation protocols prior to frozen embryo transfer – convenience or safety?; The number of frozen embryo transfer (FET) cycles is increasing rapidly worldwide. Different endometrial preparations for FET result in comparable live birth rates. However, several recent publications have reported higher maternal risks for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), pre-eclampsia and postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) in programmed cycles (PC-FET) compared with natural cycles and modified natural cycles with an intact corpus luteum. Nevertheless, PC-FET is frequently used in ovulatory women despite the increased risks for HDP, pre-eclampsia and PPH. Although randomized controlled studies have been suggested, PC-FET raises several methodological problems. Large study populations would be required to investigate the outcomes in question, and the inclusion of ovulatory women, where the intervention may increase the risk of a negative outcome, is ethically troublesome. In the authors’ opinion, the existing evidence from large observational studies and systematic reviews is sufficiently strong to recommend an endometrial preparation strategy that aims to maintain or stimulate the corpus luteum to minimize the risk of HDP and pre-eclampsia after FET cycles.
Influence of gestational diabetes mellitus on subclinical myocardial dysfunction during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: The correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subclinical myocardial dysfunction has been poorly investigated. Accordingly, we performed a meta-analysis to examine the influence of GDM on left ventricular (LV) global longitudinal strain (GLS), assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography (STE), during pregnancy. Study design: All echocardiographic studies assessing conventional echoDoppler parameters and LV-GLS in GDM women vs. healthy controls, selected from PubMed and EMBASE databases, were included. The risk of bias was assessed by using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Quality Assessment of Case-Control Studies. The subtotal and overall standardized mean differences (SMDs) of LV-GLS were calculated using the random-effect model. Results: The full-texts of 10 studies with 1147 women with GDM and 7706 pregnant women without diabetes were analyzed. GDM women enrolled in the included studies were diagnosed with a small reduction in LV-GLS in comparison to controls (average value −19.4 ± 2.5 vs −21.8 ± 2.5 %, P < 0.001) and to the accepted reference values (more negative than −20 %). Substantial heterogeneity was detected for the included studies, with an overall statistic value I2 of 94.4 % (P < 0.001). Large SMDs were obtained for the included studies, with an overall SMD of −0.97 (95 %CI −1.32, −0.63, P < 0.001). Egger's test for a regression intercept gave a P-value of 0.99, indicating no publication bias. On meta-regression analysis, all moderators and/or potential confounders (age at pregnancy, BMI, systolic blood pressure and ethnicity) were not significantly associated with effect modification (all P < 0.05). Conclusions: GDM is independently associated with subclinical myocardial dysfunction in pregnancy. STE analysis allows to identify, among GDM women, those who might benefit of targeted non-pharmacological and/or pharmacological interventions, aimed at reducing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular complications later in life.
Evaluation of Serum Interleukin-6 Levels in Diabetic Foot Ulcers.; Introduction: Interleukin-6 (IL-6) is a cytokine, which has an important role in inflammation. Diabetic Foot Ulcers are one of the complications of Diabetes Mellitus (DM). DM is a chronic inflammatory disease and up to one-third of diabetic patients may suffer from Diabetic foot ulcers (DFU) during their life span. So this study aimed to evaluate the serum levels of IL-6 in diabetic patients with infective or non-infective foot lesions (IDFU/NIDFU). Methodology: In this study total 100 patients were enrolled and divided into three groups containing 40, 30 and 30 in each group. All patients went through full history taking and clinical examination of diabetic foot ulcer. Serum IL-6 was estimated by ROCHE Cobas e411 machine. Results: Serum IL-6 level in control group were found 38.65±22.37 pg/ml. In NIDFU patients Serum IL-6 level were found 135.1±139.26 pg/ml. In IDFU patients Serum IL-6 level was 580.97±398.15pg/ml (p < .0001). Conclusion: IL-6 appears to be a relatable marker in Diabetic Foot Ulcers progression.
Clinicoetiological Study of Shock in Neonates Admitted in NICU and their Immediate Outcome; Shock represents a complex condition characterized by the acute failure of the circulatory system, leading to compromised tissue and organ perfusion. This results in an imbalance between the demand and supply of oxygen and nutrients. The incidence of neonatal shock in India is 16 per 1000 live births, and globally it is 10 per 1000 live births. Mortality in neonatal intensive care units is frequently attributed to shock-related complications and multiorgan dysfunction syndrome (MODS). A prospective observational study was carried out from October 2018 to September 2020 in the NICU Department of Pediatrics, conducted in ASRAM hospital, Eluru, Andhra Pradesh. Results showed that majority (86%) of the neonates with shock was of below 7 days age. The type of shock in 34 cases out of 50 (68%) was distributive shock. 14 cases had hypovolemic shock and 2 had obstructive shock. Ventilator support was needed in 36% of cases and continuous positive airway pressure was given to 28% cases.
Association of Congenital Heart Defects (CHD) with Factors Related to Maternal Health and Pregnancy in Newborns in Puerto Rico; Background: Given the pervasive issues of obesity and diabetes both in Puerto Rico and the broader United States, there is a compelling need to investigate the intricate interplay among body mass index (BMI), pregestational, and gestational maternal diabetes, and their potential impact on the occurrence of congenital heart defects (CHD) during neonatal development. Methods: Using the comprehensive System of Vigilance and Surveillance of Congenital Defects in Puerto Rico, we conducted a focused analysis on neonates diagnosed with CHD between 2016 and 2020. Our assessment encompassed a range of variables, including maternal age, gestational age, BMI, pregestational diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, history of abortion, and presence of preeclampsia. Results: A cohort of 673 patients was included in our study. The average maternal age was 26 years, within a range of 22 to 32 years. The mean gestational age measured 39 weeks, with a median span of 38 to 39 weeks. Of the 673 patients, 274 (41%) mothers gave birth to neonates diagnosed with CHD. Within this group, 22 cases were linked to pre-gestational diabetes, while 202 were not; 20 instances were associated with gestational diabetes, compared to 200 without; and 148 cases exhibited an overweight or obese BMI, whereas 126 displayed a normal BMI. Conclusion: We identified a statistically significant correlation between pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and the occurrence of CHD. However, our analysis did not show a statistically significant association between maternal BMI and the likelihood of CHD. These results may aid in developing effective strategies to prevent and manage CHD in neonates.
Corrigendum to “Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth” [Eur. J. Obstet. Gynecol. Reprod. Biol. 286 (2023) 40-46, (S0301211523001884), (10.1016/j.ejogrb.2023.05.009)]; The authors regret that there is a mistake in Figure 1. The number of cases shown in ‘’Completed PreCaris-study’’ should not be 210, but 350. In addition, there was a mistake in the heading of Figure 1. The revised figure and heading are shown below. Title: Figure 1. Flowchart of the study population. GDM, gestational diabetes mellitus; HDP, hypertensive disorder pregnancy; PTB, preterm birth. Other: maternal death, renal disease, coagulation disorders or Raynaud's syndrome.[Formula presented] The authors would like to apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Referral patterns and outcomes of children who failed Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers screening during routine health screening at maternal and child health clinics in the northeast district of Penang: A retrospective cohort study; Introduction: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a developmental disability that causes significant social, communication and behavioural challenges. The Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) is a parent-administered screening questionnaire for ASD used at 18 and 36 months of age. This study aimed to determine the outcomes of children who failed M-CHAT screening during routine health screening at maternal and child health clinics in northeast district, Penang and the prevalence of ASD among those with a final diagnosis. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted at 12 maternal and child health clinics. All children who failed M-CHAT screening at 18 and 36 months from January 2017 to December 2021 and received a final diagnosis before 31 March 2022 were recruited. All information required was recorded in a data collection form and analysed using SPSS. Multiple logistic regression was performed to assess the association between the factors and ASD status. Results: Eighty-two children failed M-CHAT screening. Fifty children did not receive a final diagnosis. Among 32 children who received a final diagnosis, 25 were diagnosed with ASD (78.1%). Among the children who underwent M-CHAT screening, the odds of having ASD increased by a factor of 1.2 for every 1-unit increase in age at final diagnosis. Conclusion: In northeast district, Penang, more than half of children who fail M-CHAT screening have no final diagnosis. The specificity of the M-CHAT is 78.1% among children with a final diagnosis of ASD. The age at final diagnosis is positively associated with the diagnosis of ASD.
Evaluation of cardiac and non-cardiac side effects of low dose oxytocin used during caesarean section Cardiac and non-cardiac side effects of oxytocin; Aim: Low-dose administration (<5 units) of oxytocin used in the prophylaxis of postpartum haemorrhage has been recommended because of its haemodynamic side effects. We aimed to analyse the cardiac and non-cardiac side effects of oxytocin, which we prefer to administer 2 units as a low dose, in a large patient population. Material and Methods: In this observational drug study, patients aged 18-40 years with ASA II physical status scheduled for elective caesarean section under spinal anaesthesia were included. Oxytocin 2 unit intravenous bolus in 5-10 seconds was administered after placenta removal. 23 unit/1000 ml oxytocin infusion was started to be administered within 4 hours after bolus. Cardiac side effects such as hypotension, tachycardia, arrhythmia, T-negativity, ST depression and other adverse effects such as nausea-vomiting, headache, flushing, burning sensation on the face, metallic taste on the tongue after oxytocin bolus were assessed. Results: The study included 417 patients. Tachycardia was the most common cardiac side effect with a rate of 42.9%, while T-negativity was the least common cardiac side effect with a rate of 1%. Hypotension was observed in 14.6%, chest pain in 10.1% and dyspnea in 5.5%. Headache was the most common non-cardiac side effect (21.6%). The most common type of headache was throbbing (12.5%). Nausea-vomiting occurred in 13.7%, metallic taste on the tongue in 9.4%. 56 patients required methylergonovine. The estimated blood loss was 618.5 ± 326.3 ml. Discussion: Cardiac and non-cardiac side effects can be seen even with low dose (2 unit) oxytocin administered bolus in 5-10 seconds.
Factors Influencing Mode of Delivery in Primigravida: Outcomes and Challenges; Background: Caesarean deliveries are associated with increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality when compared to spontaneous vaginal deliveries. Therefore, this study was conducted to analyse the factors influencing mode of delivery in primigravida to reduce caesarean section rates. Methods: This is a retrospective observational study done at PMCH & RI for a period of 12 months. The data was collected through predesigned proforma by reviewing medical records and analysed using SPPS software. Results: Out of 1101 deliveries during the study period 608 were primigravida in which 8 were excluded for multiple pregnancy. Out of 600 deliveries, 371 (61.83%) had vaginal delivery and 229 (38.16%) underwent caesarean section. Maternal age of 20-25 years, spontaneous onset / progress of labour, Fetal weight 2.5-3 kgs, clear liquor were the significant facilitating factors for normal vaginal delivery. Conclusion: The prediction of mode of delivery depends on both obstetrics and fetal parameters. Proper counselling and pain management may encourage patient to choose vaginal delivery can significantly reduce caesarean section rates.
Association of maternal body mass index change with risk of large for gestational age among pregnant women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: a retrospective cohort study; Objective: To investigate the associations of body mass index (BMI) change and large for gestational age (LGA) among prepregnancy normal-weight women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The retrospective study including 9515 normal-weight pregnant women (1331 women with GDM and 8184 without GDM) was conducted in Fujian Maternity and Child Health Hospital in 2020. The BMI change was calculated as gestational weight gain in kilograms by maternal height in meters. The binary logistic regression, stratified analyses, restricted cubic spline models and additive interaction analysis were adopted to reveal the relationship between BMI change and LGA. Results: Pregnant women with GDM had a lower level of BMI change but a higher incidence of LGA compared with those without GDM. After adjustment for covariates variables, we found that the risk of LGA was associated with the highest quartile of BMI change (OR = 1.89, 95%CI:1.27–2.8 for GDM and OR = 1.48,95%CI:1.27–1.75 for non-GDM). There were significant linear relationships of BMI change and LGA with the inflection point of 5.096 and 5.401 kg/m2 in GDM and non-GDM groups. Significant additive interaction was observed between parity and BMI change level concerning LGA. A significant difference in BMI change and gestational weight gain (GWG) for LGA prediction was detected. Conclusion: Higher BMI changes were significantly associated with a higher risk of LGA in pregnant women with or without GDM in a linear dose-response relationship, with the threshold around 5.096 and 5.401 kg/m2, respectively. These suggested that BMI changes may be a useful predictor for the incidence of LGA in singleton pregnant women.
Update on sex specific risk factors in cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide and accounts for roughly 1 in 5 deaths in the United States. Women in particular face significant disparities in their cardiovascular care when compared to men, both in the diagnosis and treatment of CVD. Sex differences exist in the prevalence and effect of cardiovascular risk factors. For example, women with history of traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, tobacco use, and diabetes carry a higher risk of major cardiovascular events and mortality when compared to men. These discrepancies in terms of the relative risk of CVD when traditional risk factors are present appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed differences among men and women. Sex-specific cardiovascular disease research—from identification, risk stratification, and treatment—has received increasing recognition in recent years, highlighting the current underestimated association between CVD and a woman's obstetric and reproductive history. In this comprehensive review, sex-specific risk factors unique to women including adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and newborn size for gestational age, as well as premature menarche, menopause and vasomotor symptoms, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and infertility will be discussed in full detail and their association with CVD risk. Additional entities including spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), coronary microvascular disease (CMD), systemic autoimmune disorders, and mental and behavioral health will also be discussed in terms of their prevalence among women and their association with CVD. In this comprehensive review, we will also provide clinicians with a guide to address current knowledge gaps including implementation of a sex-specific patient questionnaire to allow for appropriate risk assessment, stratification, and prevention of CVD in women.
The functions and applications of extracellular vesicles miRNAs in adverse pregnancy; During pregnancy, the maintenance of maternal health and fetal development is finely regulated by various factors. Adverse pregnancy can lead to pregnancy complications, premature birth, malformations, and congenital diseases in the fetus. Early detection and treatment of maternal-fetal diseases are crucial. Extracellular vesicles miRNAs serve as a means of communication between the mother and the fetus during pregnancy, undergoing significant changes in secretion and types during disease states, and playing an important regulatory role in the occurrence and development of diseases. Therefore, in pathologic conditions, extracellular vesicles miRNAs may mediate maternal-fetal communication, potentially leading to abnormal fetal development, and serve as early detection biomarkers for fetal diseases. Modified extracellular vesicles miRNAs can also be used as novel drugs for treating intrauterine diseases.
Intravenous versus intramuscular oxytocin injection for preventing uterine atonic primary postpartum haemorrhage in third stage of labour: A double-blind randomised controlled trial; Objectives: To compare the efficacy and safety of intravenous and intramuscular oxytocin in preventing atonic primary postpartum haemorrhage in the third stage of labour. Methods: A double-blind randomised clinical study on consenting women without risk factors for primary postpartum haemorrhage in labour at term. Two hundred and thirty-two women were randomly allotted into intravenous (n = 115) and intramuscular (n = 117) oxytocin groups in the active management of the third stage of labour. All participants received 10 IU of oxytocin, either IV or IM, and 1 ml of water for injection as a placebo via a route alternate to that of administration of oxytocin within 1 min of the baby’s delivery. The primary outcome measures were mean postpartum blood loss and haematocrit change. Trial Registration No.: PACTR201902721929705. Results: The baseline socio-demographic and clinical characteristics were similar between the two groups (p > 0.05). There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups with regards to the mean postpartum blood loss (254.17 ± 34.85 ml versus 249.4 ± 39.88 ml; p = 0.210), haematocrit change (2.4 (0.8%) versus 2.1 (0.6%); p = 0.412) or adverse effects (p > 0.05). However, the use of additional uterotonics was significantly higher in the intravenous group (25 (21.73%) versus 17 (14.53%); p = 0.032). Conclusion: Although oxytocin in both study groups showed similar efficacy in terms of preventing atonic primary postpartum haemorrhage, participants who received intravenous oxytocin were more likely to require additional uterotonics to reduce their likelihood of having an atonic primary postpartum haemorrhage. However, both routes have similar side effect profiles.
Do maternal haemodynamics have a causal influence on treatment for gestational diabetes?; Background: Arterial stiffening is believed to contribute to the worsening of insulin resistance, and factors which are associated with needing pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes (GDM), such as maternal obesity or advanced age, are associated with impaired cardiovascular adaptation to pregnancy. In this observational study, we aimed to investigate causal relationships between maternal haemodynamics and treatment requirement amongst women with GDM. Methods: We assessed maternal haemodynamics in women with GDM, comparing those who remained on dietary treatment with those who required pharmacological management. Maternal haemodynamics were assessed using the Arteriograph® (TensioMed Ltd, Budapest, Hungary) and the NICOM® non-invasive bio-reactance method (Cheetah Medical, Portland, Oregon, USA). A graphical causal inference technique was used for statistical analysis. Results: 120 women with GDM were included in the analysis. Maternal booking BMI was identified as having a causative influence on treatment requirement, with each unit increase in BMI increasing the odds of needing metformin and/or insulin therapy by 12% [OR 1.12 (1.02 − 1.22)]. The raw values of maternal heart rate (87.6 ± 11.7 vs. 92.9 ± 11.90 bpm, p = 0.014) and PWV (7.8 ± 1.04 vs. 8.4 ± 1.61 m/s, p = 0.029) were both significantly higher amongst the women requiring pharmacological management, though these relationships did not remain significant in causal logistic regression. Conclusions: Maternal BMI at booking has a causal, rather than simply associational, relationship on the need for pharmacological treatment of GDM. No significant causal relationships were found between maternal haemodynamics and the need for pharmacological treatment.
Possibilities of cardiometabolic diseases prevention in women with pregnancy adverse outcomes in medical history; Obstetric complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive abnormalities of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, premature birth, habitual abortion increase the risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in women subsequently. The presence of these pregnancy outcomes in medical history should be a valid reason to assess cardiometa-bolic risk and to carry out primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases. An important issue is the modification of lifestyle since the postpartum period through the whole life. Lactation and breast feeding can also reduce cardiovascular risk in woman. An in-creasing number of scientific articles, manuals and guidelines on effective prevention and screening strategies of cardiometabol-ic diseases’ prevention after adverse pregnancy outcomes have been published in recent years. However, these guidelines are developed within standards of practice in developed countries and may often not be used in developing countries due to different conditions of health care system. Thus, several solutions aimed at reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with adverse pregnancy outcomes have been proposed for implementation in the health system.
Pattern of Morbidity and Mortality of Neonates Admitted in NICU; Background: Neonatal period is the most vulnerable period of human life for diseases and most of these are preventable. Globally important causes of neonatal mortality (NNM) are prematurity, birth asphyxia and sepsis in low income countries whereas, prematurity and malformations are leading causes of death in developed countries. Aims: The present study was aimed to describe the current clinical spectrum of morbidity and mortality of neonates admitted in NICU of a service hospital. Material and Methods: The study was a hospital based prospective observational study conducted over a period of one year from May 2015 to June 2016 in Department of Neonatology in which 195 Neonates admitted in NICU of our hospital during the study period were included in study. Results: Common morbidity seer was respiratory distress (57.4%), neonatal jaundice (28.7%), Neonatal sepsis (16.9%), NEC (4.1%), birth asphyxia (14.9%), hypoglycemia (5.1%), apnoea (9.2%), neonatal seizures (9.7%), congenital heart disease (12.8%), Retinopathy of prematurity (5.6%) and surgical intervention (7.2%). Conclusion: respiratory distress in preterm neonates, neonatal jaundice, and Sepsis & birth asphyxia are leading causes of morbidities in neonates. Maternal history of preterm delivery, bad obstetric history, Rh Isoimmunization should be discussed among Obstetrician and Pediatrician and planned accordingly. Outcome of birth asphyxia cases can be favorable causing less of mortality with timely and appropriate neonatal resuscitation interventions.
Female obesity increases the risk of preterm birth of single frozen-thawed euploid embryos: a retrospective cohort study; Introduction: Obesity has been associated with an increased risk of reproductive failure, especially preterm birth. As preimplantation genetic testing for aneuploidies (PGT-A) is increasingly used worldwide, however, it is still unclear whether body mass index (BMI) has an effect on the preterm birth rate in patients undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) with PGT-A when transferring a single euploid blastocyst. Materials and methods: This retrospective, single-center cohort study included 851 women who underwent the first cycle of frozen-thawed single euploid blastocyst transfer with PGT-A between 2015 and 2020. The primary outcome was the preterm birth rate. Secondary outcomes were clinical pregnancy, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy complications, and live birth. Results: Patients were grouped by World Health Organization (WHO) BMI class: underweight (<18.5, n = 81), normal weight (18.5–24.9, n = 637), overweight (25–30, n = 108), and obese (≥30, n = 25). There was no difference in the clinical pregnancy, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy complication, and live birth by BMI category. In multivariate logistic regression analysis, preterm birth rates were significantly higher in women with overweight (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3.18; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.29–7.80, p =.012) and obese (aOR 1.49; 95% CI, 1.03–12.78, p =.027) compared with the normal weight reference group. Conclusion: Women with obesity experience a higher rate of preterm birth after euploid embryo transfer than women with a normal weight, suggesting that the negative impact of obesity on IVF and clinical outcomes may be related to other mechanisms than aneuploidy.
Multidisciplinary management of cardiovascular disease in women: Delphi consensus; Background: Current clinical guidelines on cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not specifically address the female population. The aim of this consensus is to know the opinion of a group of experts on the management of CVD in women. Methods: Through a Delphi consensus, 31 experts in cardiology, 9 in gynecology and obstetrics, and 14 primary care physicians, showed their degree of agreement on 44 items on CVD in women divided into the following groups: (1) risk factors and prevention strategies; (2) diagnosis and clinical manifestations; and (3) treatment and follow-up. Results: After two rounds, consensus in agreement was reached on 27 items (61.4%). Most of the non-consensus items (31.8%) belonged to group 3. The lack of consensus in this group was mainly among gynecologists and primary care physicians. The panelists agreed on periodic blood pressure control during pregnancy and delivery to detect hypertensive disorders, especially in women with a history of preeclampsia and/or gestational hypertension, and diabetes mellitus control in those with gestational diabetes. Also, the panelists agreed that women receive statins at a lower intensity than men, although there was no consensus as to whether the efficacy of drug treatments differs between women and men. Conclusions: The high degree of consensus shows that the panelists are aware of the differences that exist between men and women in the management of CVD and the need to propose interventions to reduce this inequality. The low level of consensus reveals the lack of knowledge, and the need for information and training on this topic.
Significance of cervical secretion culture in predicting maternal and fetal outcome in pregnant women with premature rupture of membranes: a retrospective cohort study; Background: To investigate the clinical value of cervical secretion culture in pregnant women with premature rupture of membranes (PROM) in predicting maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical records of pregnant women who underwent obstetric examination and delivered in Fujian Maternal and Child Healthcare from December 2013 to December 2016. Pregnant women with a clear diagnosis of PROM, who underwent cervical secretion culture immediately after hospital admission were selected for the study. The primary outcome was the occurrence of chorioamnionitis. The secondary outcome was neonatal admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Correlation between maternal and fetal outcomes and the results of the cervical secretion culture was analyzed by one-way analysis and multifactorial analysis, respectively. The predictive efficacy of cervical secretion culture was evaluated using receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), area under the curve (AUC) and the integrated discrimination improvement (IDI). Results: A total of 7,727 pregnant women with PROM were included in the study. Of them, 1812 had positive cervical secretion cultures (635 positive for mycoplasma infection, 475 for bacterial, 637 for fungal, and 65 for chlamydial infections). Pregnant women with positive mycoplasma and bacterial cultures had higher rates of developing chorioamnionitis compared to women with negative cervical secretion cultures (9%, 12% vs. 1%, respectively). Similarly, positive mycoplasma and bacterial cultures were associated with higher rate of the preterm (before 34 weeks) labor (3%, 3% vs. 1% in women with negative cultures, respectively), and neonatal admission to the NICU (9%, 11% vs. 7%, respectively). After adjusting for various confounding factors, our analysis demonstrated that a positive cervical secretion culture for mycoplasma or bacterial pathogens remained an independent risk factor for chorioamnionitis. Cervical secretion culture outcome was less effective in predicting chorioamnionitis (AUC 0.569) compared to white blood count (WBC) (AUC 0.626) and C-reactive protein (CRP) levels (AUC 0.605). The IDI of the combined predictive model incorporating WBC, CRP, maternal fever and cervical secretion culture results was 0.0029. Conclusion: Positive cervical secretion cultures, especially for mycoplasma and bacteria, are associated with higher incidence of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. However, the predictive value of this test is poor, and cannot be efficiently used for predicting chorioamnionitis.
Dietary nutrients during gestation cause obesity and related metabolic changes by altering DNA methylation in the offspring; Growing evidence shows that maternal nutrition from preconception until lactation has an important effect on the development of non-communicable diseases in the offspring. Biological responses to environmental stress during pregnancy, including undernutrition or overnutrition of various nutrients, are transmitted in part by DNA methylation. The aim of the present narrative review is to summarize literature data on altered DNA methylation patterns caused by maternal macronutrient or vitamin intake and its association with offspring’s phenotype (obesity and related metabolic changes). With our literature search, we found evidence for the association between alterations in DNA methylation pattern of different genes caused by maternal under- or overnutrition of several nutrients (protein, fructose, fat, vitamin D, methyl-group donor nutrients) during 3 critical periods of programming (preconception, pregnancy, lactation) and the development of obesity or related metabolic changes (glucose, insulin, lipid, leptin, adiponectin levels, blood pressure, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease) in offspring. The review highlights that maternal consumption of several nutrients could individually affect the development of offspring’s obesity and related metabolic changes via alterations in DNA methylation.
Familial Hypercholesterolemia and Type 2 Diabetes: Diagnostic and Therapeutic Challenges; Familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is a largely underdiagnosed and undertreated disease. Findings regarding the coexistence and interplay between FH and type 2 diabetes (T2D) are conflicting. Epidemiological data suggest an approximately halved prevalence of T2D in FH and an approximately doubled cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, dependent on mutation type, age, sex, lifestyle, associated pathologies and therapy. For conference attending physicians involved in hypercholesterolemia management, a FH survey was developed including diagnostic-screening situations, severity assessment, while for hypercholesterolemia patients with premature CVD, a web-based tool was prepared for identification of familial cases. For diagnosis, the Simon Broome, DLCN and MEDPED criteria were used. Physicians showed difficulties in FH identification and risk stratification, overestimating the role of associated metabolic changes and underestimating identified mutations characterized by increased CVD risk at any LDL-C level. In children, neither universal nor early lipid screening in strong family history was recommended, unlike in cases with associated metabolic disturbances. In patients, 21.73% presented definite and/or probable FH diagnosis by at least two scoring systems, 3.84% manifesting also T2D. The case of a 45-year-old patient with gestational diabetes and PCOS, conflicting algorhithms-based FH diagnosis and no means for genetic testing, good cholesterol response to statins but aggravating aorta stenosis exemplifies management challenges. In conclusion, FH identification and individual risk assessment may be assisted by targeting selected patients for diagnosis and physicians for raising awareness, but limited access to mutation analysis and novel non-diabetogenic lipid lowering therapies incumber management of FH and the reduced number of cases with coexisting T2D.
Neonatal Graves disease with persistent hypoglycemia: A case report; Neonatal Graves disease is the most common cause of hyperthyroidism during the newborn period. Maternal Graves disease increases the risk of intrauterine growth restriction, small for gestational age, and neonatal Graves disease. Intrauterine growth restriction and small for gestational age are associated with hypoglycemia and transient neonatal hyperinsulinism. Neonatal Graves disease with severe persistent hypoglycemia has not been well described. We present the case of a female patient born at 34 weeks and 3 days with a birth weight of 1.6 kg (fifth percentile) to a mother with recent treatment for Graves disease. Prenatal ultrasounds were significant for intrauterine growth restriction and small for gestational age. The mother did not begin hyperthyroidism medical therapy until 23 weeks and 2 days of gestation. After the infant was born, the infant not only had symptoms of hyperthyroidism such as tachycardia and abnormal thyroid values but also had persistent hypoglycemia, which could be due to maternal propranolol usage, prematurity, IUGR, increased metabolism due to neonatal Graves, and transient stress-induced hyperinsulinism. The infant was started on methimazole for hyperthyroidism and propranolol for tachycardia. She was also started on diazoxide for persistent hypoglycemia. By 6 months of age, the hyperthyroidism and hypoglycemia had resolved. This is an interesting case of neonatal Graves disease with severe persistent hypoglycemia which we suspect is due to transient neonatal hyperinsulinism induced by multiple stress responses.
Study of Hypoglycemia in At Risk Neonates and their Neurodevelopmental Outcome; Introduction: Hypoglycemia amongst neonates is the most commonly encountered metabolic problem and is known to be due to failure of metabolic adaptation to the postnatal environment. Premature, small for gestational age, neonates born to mother with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes, and neonates with hyperinsulinaemia are at high risk for developing neonatal hypoglycemia.[9,10] The rate of hypoglycemia amongst neonates born to diabetic mothers ranges between 8–30% whereas that amongst neonates of non-diabetic mother is much lower i.e. approximately 3%. Objectives: To determine incidence of hypoglycemia and factors associated with hypoglycemia in at risk neonates Methodology: This study was conducted among sick newborn care unit, Department of Pediatrics, Gandhi Medical College and associated Kamla Nehru Hospital, Bhopal from 1st October 2018 to 31st March 2020. All the at risk neonates diagnosed as hypoglycemia (Blood glucose ≤45 mg/dl) in SNCU i.e. small for gestational age, low birth weight babies, large for gestational age and infant of diabetic mother were includes for this study. Neonates admitted in SNCU with Moderate to severe Respiratory distress, Perinatal asphyxia, Shock, Sepsis, Congenital heart diseases, Major congenital Malformation & Meconium aspiration syndrome were excluded from the study. Results: Majority of neonates in both the groups (96.7%) belonged to age range of less than or equal to 6 hours whereas only 3.3% neonates were aged more than 6 hours. Mean age of neonates with and without hypoglycaemia was 3.28±1.55 and 3.04±1.52 hours respectively. In present study, out of 50 hypoglycaemic neonates, 40% were males whereas 60% were females. Similarly out of 70 neonates with normal RBS levels, 44.3% were males whereas 55.7% were females. About 76% neonates with hypoglycaemia were inborn whereas 24% were outborn. Similarly, about 82.9% neonates with normal glycaemic status were inborn whereas only 17.1% neonates were outborn. Conclusion: Our study conclude that Pre-eclampsia was significantly associated with neonatal hypoglycaemia. Common risk factors among neonates with hypoglycaemia were low birth weight, NNH, and IUGR but no statistically significant association between these factors and hypoglycaemia was observed. Hypoglycaemia significantly affect neurodevelopmental outcome of neonates in long term.
Maternal diabetes and risk of offspring congenital heart diseases: the Japan Environment and Children’s Study; Background: Few prospective cohort studies have examined the association between maternal diabetes, including pre-pregnancy and gestational diabetes, and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in Asian offspring. Methods: We examined the association between maternal diabetes and offspring CHD among 97,094 mother-singleton infant pairs in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) between January 2011 and March 2014. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) of offspring CHD based on maternal diabetes (pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes) were estimated using logistic regression after adjusting for maternal age at delivery, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), maternal smoking habits, alcohol consumption, annual household income, and maternal education. The diagnosis of CHD in the offspring was ascertained from the transcript of medical records. Results: The incidence of CHD in the offspring was 1,132. Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes, was associated with a higher risk of offspring CHD: multivariable OR (95%CI) = 1.81 (1.40–2.33) for maternal diabetes, 2.39 (1.05–5.42) for pre-pregnancy diabetes and 1.77 (1.36–2.30) for gestational diabetes. A higher risk of offspring CHD was observed in pre-pregnancy BMI ²25.0 kg/m2 (OR = 2.55, 95% CI: 1.74–3.75) than in pre-pregnancy BMI <25.0 kg/m2 (OR = 1.49, 95% CI: 1.05–2.10, p for interaction = 0.04). Conclusions: Maternal diabetes, including both pre-pregnancy and gestational, was associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring.
The effect of primrose on cardiovascular and physical health of women: A review and meta-analysis; Introduction & Background: Cardiovascular disease is on the agenda worldwide due to its many costs. This study aims to investigate the effects of evening primrose oil on women’s mental health. Methods: The search strategy of electronic databases included PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Scopus. Original clinical trials from January 1, 2023 published in English were searched by two independent investigators in two stages. Results: Administration of vitamin D and EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes. The level of LDL showed a statistically significant decrease in evening primrose compared to the control group in prediabetes postmenopausal women. However, the levels of FBS, HDL, TG and cholesterol did not change statistically. The use of vaginal EPO significantly improved the Bishop score in pregnant women and cervical dilatation before hysteroscopy. Evening primrose oil significantly reduced menopausal symptoms such as psychological symptoms and hot flashes. Sexual function and postpartum pain were significantly improved in patients receiving EPO. The effect of EPO and vitamin E in relieving breast pain was the same. The results of meta-analysis showed that evening primrose oil can significantly reduce the severity of periodic mastalgia compared to the control (-0.3 to-0.53: CI 95%) is-0.92, which is statistically significant has (p=0.01). Conclusion: EPO can be recommended as a safe and effective drug to improve cardiac function by controlling cholesterol and menopause symptoms, sexual function and postpartum complications, breast pain. Also, EPO improves blood sugar and lipid profile in women with gestational diabetes.
Interleukin-38 and Insulin Resistance; Insulin resistance, i.e., decreased biological response to insulin, is a risk factor for many diseases, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), cardiovascular disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, some forms of cancer and neurodegenerative diseases. One of its main causes is chronic low-grade inflammation, mediated by the proinflammatory pathways, such as the c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) pathway and the nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) pathway. Interleukin (IL)-38 (IL-38) is a newly discovered cytokine that belongs to the IL-1 family. There are three hypothetical pathways through which IL-38 may bind to the specific receptors and inhibit their proinflammatory activity. Those pathways are associated with IL-36 receptor (IL-36R), IL-1 receptor accessory protein-like 1 (IL1RAPL1) and IL-1 receptor 1 (IL1R1). There are studies linking IL-38 to improve insulin sensitivity through the difference in serum IL-38 in patients with insulin resistance or the correlation of IL-38 concentrations with insulin resistance indexes. However, many questions still remain regarding the biological activity of IL-38 itself and its role in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance. The goal of this study is to showcase IL-38, its biological activity, hypothesized signaling pathways, connection with insulin resistance and future perspectives of research on IL-38. We present that IL-38 associated signaling can be a potential target for the treatment of insulin resistance and associated diseases.
Efficacy and safety of oral and vaginal administration of misoprostol for induction of labor in high-risk obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aims to compare the safety and efficacy of misoprostol administered orally and vaginally in obese pregnant women at term with either gestational hypertension or diabetes. Methods: A total of 264 pregnant women were enrolled and categorized into two groups based on their primary condition: hypertension (134 cases) or diabetes mellitus (130 cases) and were further divided into subgroups for misoprostol administration: orally (Oral group) or vaginally (Vaginal group). The primary outcomes measured were changes in the Bishop score following treatment, induction of labor (IOL) success rates, requirement for oxytocin augmentation, duration of labor, mode of delivery, and cesarean section rates. Results: Significant enhancements in Bishop scores, decreased cesarean section rates and increased success rates of IOL were noted in both administration groups. The incidence of vaginal delivery within 24 h was significantly higher in the Vaginal group compared to the Oral group. Adverse effects, including nausea, uterine overcontraction, hyperfrequency of uterine contraction and uterine hyperstimulation without fetal heart rate deceleration, were significantly more prevalent in the Vaginal group than in the Oral group. Conclusion: Misoprostol administration, both orally and vaginally, proves effective for labor induction in obese pregnant women with hypertension or diabetes. However, the oral route presents a lower risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, suggesting its preference for safer labor induction in this demographic.
The impact of gut microbiota on autoimmune thyroiditis and relationship with pregnancy outcomes: a review; Autoimmune thyroiditis (AITD) is a T-cell-mediated, organ- specific autoimmune disease caused by interactions between genetic and environmental factors. Patients with AITD show thyroid lymphocyte infiltration and an increase in the titer of thyroid autoimmune antibodies, thereby altering the integrity of thyroid follicle epithelial cells and dysregulating their metabolism and immune function, leading to a decrease in multi-tissue metabolic activity. Research has shown that patients with AITD have a significantly higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as infertility and miscarriage. Levothyroxine(LT4) treatment can improve the pregnancy outcomes of normal pregnant women with thyroid peroxidase antibodies(TPOAb) positivity, but it is not effective for invitro fertilization embryo transfer (IVF-ET) in women with normal thyroid function and positive TPOAb. Other factors may also influence pregnancy outcomes of patients with AITD. Recent studies have revealed that the gut microbiota participates in the occurrence and development of AITD by influencing the gut-thyroid axis. The bacterial abundance and diversity of patients with Hashimoto thyroiditis (HT) were significantly reduced, and the relative abundances of Bacteroides, fecal Bacillus, Prevotella, and Lactobacillus also decreased. The confirmation of whether adjusting the composition of the gut microbiota can improve pregnancy outcomes in patients with AITD is still pending. This article reviews the characteristics of the gut microbiota in patients with AITD and the current research on its impact in pregnancy.
Reprogramming of the developing heart by Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and maternal diabetes exposure; Introduction: Maternal diabetes is a recognized risk factor for both short-term and long-term complications in offspring. Beyond the direct teratogenicity of maternal diabetes, the intrauterine environment can influence the offspring’s cardiovascular health. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system are implicated in conditions such as sudden infant death syndrome, cardiac arrhythmic death, heart failure, and certain congenital heart defects in children from diabetic pregnancies. However, the mechanisms by which maternal diabetes affects the development of the cardiac sympathetic system and, consequently, heightens health risks and predisposes to cardiovascular disease remain poorly understood. Methods and results: In the mouse model, we performed a comprehensive analysis of the combined impact of a Hif1a-deficient sympathetic system and the maternal diabetes environment on both heart development and the formation of the cardiac sympathetic system. The synergic negative effect of exposure to maternal diabetes and Hif1a deficiency resulted in the most pronounced deficit in cardiac sympathetic innervation and the development of the adrenal medulla. Abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system were accompanied by a smaller heart, reduced ventricular wall thickness, and dilated subepicardial veins and coronary arteries in the myocardium, along with anomalies in the branching and connections of the main coronary arteries. Transcriptional profiling by RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) revealed significant transcriptome changes in Hif1a-deficient sympathetic neurons, primarily associated with cell cycle regulation, proliferation, and mitosis, explaining the shrinkage of the sympathetic neuron population. Discussion: Our data demonstrate that a failure to adequately activate the HIF-1α regulatory pathway, particularly in the context of maternal diabetes, may contribute to abnormalities in the cardiac sympathetic system. In conclusion, our findings indicate that the interplay between deficiencies in the cardiac sympathetic system and subtle structural alternations in the vasculature, microvasculature, and myocardium during heart development not only increases the risk of cardiovascular disease but also diminishes the adaptability to the stress associated with the transition to extrauterine life, thus increasing the risk of neonatal death.
Fetal endothelial colony-forming cells: Possible targets for prevention of the fetal origins of adult diseases; Endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs), a subset of circulating and resident endothelial progenitor cells, are capable of self-renewal and de novo vessel formation, and are known key regulators of vascular integrity and homeostasis. Numerous studies have found that exposure to hostile environment during the fetal development exerts a profound influence on the level and function of ECFCs, which may be the underlying factor linking endothelial dysfunction to cardiovascular disease of the offspring in later life. Herein, we focus on the latest findings regarding the effects of pregnancy-related disorders on the frequency and function of fetal ECFCs. Subsequently, we discuss about placental ECFCs and put forward some details that should be paid attention to in the process of ECFC isolation and culture. Overall, the information presented in this review highlight the potential of ECFCs as a future biomarker or even therapeutic targets for the pregnancy-related adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
The heart-mind relationship in women cardiovascular primary prevention: the role of depression, anxiety, distress and Type-D personality in the 10-years cardiovascular risk evaluation; Introduction: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading cause of death among women. Prevention programmes underscore the need to address women-specific risk factors. Additionally, mental well-being is a significant aspect to consider when grappling with cardiovascular disease in women, particularly depression, anxiety, distress, and personality traits. This study aimed to create “at-risk” psychological profiles for women without prior cardiovascular disease history and to evaluate the association between anxiety, depression, distress, and Type-D personality traits with increased cardiovascular risk over 10 years. Methods: 219 women voluntarily participated in the “Monzino Women's Heart Centre” project for primary prevention and early diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases. Psychological profiles were developed utilising cluster analysis. Results: The primary finding indicating that belonging to the “at-risk” psychological cluster was associated with a surge in the 10-year cardiovascular risk prediction score, despite the number of comorbid risk factors (Psychological “at-risk” cluster: β =.0674; p =.006; Risk factors: β =.0199; p =.242). Conclusions: This finding suggests that psychological well-being of women should be assessed from the very beginning of cardiovascular prevention programmes.
Pre-Delta, Delta, and Omicron Periods of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pandemic and Health Outcomes During Delivery Hospitalization; OBJECTIVE:To examine the relationship between coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) diagnosis at delivery and adverse maternal health and pregnancy outcomes during pre-Delta, Delta, and Omicron variant predominance, with a focus on the time period of Omicron variant predominance.METHODS:We conducted a cross-sectional observational study with data from delivery hospitalizations in the Premier Healthcare Database from February 2020 to August 2023. The pre-Delta (February 2020-June 2021), Delta (July 2021-December 2021), and Omicron (January 2022-August 2023) periods of variant predominance were examined. Exposure to COVID-19 was identified by having a diagnostic code for COVID-19 during the delivery hospitalization. Adjusted prevalence ratios (aPRs) were calculated to compare the risks of adverse maternal and pregnancy outcomes for women with and without COVID-19 diagnoses at the time of delivery for each variant period.RESULTS:Among 2,990,973 women with delivery hospitalizations, 1.9% (n=56,618) had COVID-19 diagnoses noted at delivery admission discharge, including 26,053 during the Omicron period. Across all variant time periods, the prevalence of many adverse maternal and pregnancy outcomes during the delivery hospitalization was significantly higher for pregnant women with COVID-19 compared with pregnant women without COVID-19. In adjusted models, COVID-19 during the Omicron period was associated with significant increased risks for maternal sepsis (COVID-19: 0.4% vs no COVID-19: 0.1%; aPR 3.32, 95% CI, 2.70-4.08), acute respiratory distress syndrome (0.6% vs 0.1%; aPR 6.19, 95% CI, 5.26-7.29), shock (0.2% vs 0.1%; aPR 2.14, 95% CI, 1.62-2.84), renal failure (0.5% vs 0.2%; aPR 2.08, 95% CI, 1.73-2.49), intensive care unit admission (2.7% vs 1.7%; aPR 1.64, 95% CI, 1.52-1.77), mechanical ventilation (0.3% vs 0.1%; aPR 3.15, 95% CI, 2.52-3.93), in-hospital death (0.03% vs 0.01%; aPR 5.00, 95% CI, 2.30-10.90), stillbirth (0.7% vs 0.6%; aPR 1.17, 95% CI, 1.01-1.36), and preterm delivery (12.3% vs 9.6%; aPR 1.28, 95% CI, 1.24-1.33).CONCLUSION:Despite the possibility of some level of immunity due to previous severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, vaccination, or testing differences, risks of adverse outcomes associated with COVID-19 diagnosis at delivery remained elevated during the Omicron variant time period.
Challenges, risks, and opportunities of antiretroviral drugs in women of reproductive potential; Introduction: The HIV/AIDS epidemic has been one of the greatest challenges in global health, significantly affecting women of reproductive potential. Considerable advances in antiretroviral therapy for women living with HIV have contributed to improvements in quality of life, better reproductive and birth outcomes, and a reduced risk of perinatal transmission. Areas covered: Despite the progress made, persistent challenges in access and adherence to antiretroviral drugs may limit their benefits for some women. More pharmacokinetic and safety studies in pregnant and lactating women are urgently needed, as are prospective surveillance systems to evaluate associations between fetal and infant antiretroviral exposures, drug–drug interactions, and pregnancy outcomes. Expert opinion: Multipurpose technologies, such as combined HIV and other STI or unintended pregnancy prevention, and innovative delivery methods, such as the development of long-acting antiretrovirals, have the potential to reduce adherence challenges and enhance quality of life for women with HIV. Parallel advances in drug safety testing and surveillance are needed to ensure the health and safety of women with or at risk for HIV and children at risk for perinatal transmission.
Association Analysis Between Maternal Neutrophil Ratio and the Risk of Histological Chorioamnionitis in Pregnant Women with Premature Rupture of Membranes in Late Pregnancy; Background: We aimed to investigate the association between maternal neutrophil ratio and histological chorioamnionitis (HCA) risk in pregnant women with premature rupture of membranes (PROM) in late pregnancy. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on 95 cases of women with PROM in their late pregnancy between March 2018 and August 2021. These women were divided into two groups based on the presence of HCA. General clinical data and laboratory indicators were compared between the two groups. A generalized additive model was used for curve fitting, and a segmented regression model was used to explain further the non-linear relationship between neutrophil ratio and HCA risk. Results: After adjusting for confounding factors, the curve fitting showed a “U”-shaped curve relationship between the neutrophil ratio and the risk of HCA. When the neutrophil ratio was <76.3%, the risk of HCA exhibited a decreasing trend, but the difference was not statistically significant (adjusted OR = 0.884, 95% CI: 0.781–1.001, P = 0.053). However, when the neutrophil ratio was >76.3%, the HCA risk was significantly increased (adjusted OR = 1.339, 95% CI: 1.067–1.680, P = 0.012). Furthermore, we equally divided the neutrophil ratio into three groups. The risk of HCA was significantly increased in the low-ratio group (OR = 4.292, 95% CI: 1.247– 14.706, P = 0.021) compared with the middle-ratio group, which was used as the reference group. Similarly, the HCA risk of the high-ratio group (OR = 13.145, 95% CI: 1.796–96.233, P = 0.011) was also significantly enhanced. However, there was no significant difference in HCA risk between the high-ratio and low-ratio groups (OR = 1.182, 95% CI: 0.357–3.909, P = 0.784). Conclusion: There was a significant “U”-shaped relationship between maternal neutrophil ratio and HCA risk in women with PROM in late pregnancy.
Retrospective study of 60 cases of uterine rupture at the Maternity Center of Monastir, Tunisia; Uterine rupture is a life-threatening obstetric complication. The purpose of this study was to investigate the epidemiological features, maternal and foetal prognosis and different treatment options for uterine rupture in healthy and scarred uteri. We conducted a retrospective monocentric descriptive and analytical study of 60 cases of uterine rupture collected in the Department of Gynaecology-Obstetrics of the Center of Maternity and Neonatology, Monastir, from 2017 to 2021. Patients were classified according to the presence or absence of a uterine scar. Sixty patients were enrolled in the study. The majority of cases of rupture occurred in patients with scarred uterus (n=55). The most common clinical sign was abnormal foetal heart rate. No maternal deaths were recorded and perinatal mortality rate was 11%. Mean BMI, fetal macrosomia rate and mean parity were significantly higher in the healthy uterus group than in the scarred uterus group (p=0.033, 0.018, and 0.013, respectively). The maternal complications studied (post-partum haemorrhage, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, prolonged hospitalisation) were significantly more frequent in patients with unscarred uterine rupture (p=0.039; p=0.032; p=0.009; p=0.025 respectively). Uterine rupture is a life-threatening obstetrical event for the foetus and the mother. Fetal heart rate abnormality is the most common sign associated with uterine rupture. Management is based on conservative treatment in most cases. Patients with scarred uterus have a better prognosis.
Cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother; Introduction: Cardiac involvement is one of the most important clinical manifestations and complications in the newborn of a diabetic mother. Objective: Presentation of the main aspects of cardiac involvement in the newborn of a diabetic mother and the usefulness of echocardiography (Echo) for the diagnosis and follow-up of their evolution. Method: Patients(pts): 76 newborns of diabetic mothers (IDM), followed over a period of 6 years. Patients were investigated in the first week of life and 49 were reevaluated at 6-12 months by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT) and Doppler echo for congenital and/or acquired heart disease. Fetal echo was performed in 36 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal echo revealed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of the left ventricle (LV) in 9 cases, confirmed by postnatal echo. Clinical examination of the newborns: macrosomia (40% of cases), in 32 pts a systolic murmur was found, only 2 pts with signs of heart failure and the other being asymptomatic or showing signs of pathology other than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy in 14 cases and disturbed ventricular repolarization in 30 pts. Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12 pts). The echo showed: non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric interventricular septum (LVS) hypertrophy (32 pts: 42% of cases), pulmonary arterial hypertension of newborn (5 pts), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52% of cases) and congenital cardiac anomalies: PDA (6), VSD (3), coarctation of the aorta (1), ASD (4 pts). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of maternal diabetes, pre-pregnancy or gestational diabetes, but rather with inadequate blood sugar control. Follow-up at 6–12 months (21 pts) revealed a morphologically normal cardiac appearance in 14 pts or a significant reduction in HCMP (7 pts), all showing normal LV diastolic and systolic function. Conclusion: The newborns of a diabetic mothers have a high risk for cardiac damage, either congenital heart malformations (19%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP (42% of cases) and disorders of LV diastolic function (53%). This fact justifies early cardiac screening for all these newborns with or without symptoms of cardiac distress. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be mandatory for all such patients. Echocardiography is the most sensitive and non-invasive diagnostic method, useful for both primary diagnosis and follow-up.
Metabolic Dysfunction-associated Fatty Liver Disease: An Urgent Call for Global Action; There has been an exponential increase in the global prevalence of fatty liver disease in recent years in association with the obesity pandemic worldwide. 'Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease', the new terminology adopted by an international panel of experts in 2020 to largely replace the old term 'non-alcoholic fatty liver disease', has now been accepted by most hepatologists and diabetologists across the globe. The term metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease was created to better reflect the metabolic-and liver-specific manifestations and complications of fatty liver disease. It is important to disseminate our current understanding of this enigmatic disease among the global scientific fraternity. Recent publications, including articles from the latest issue of Endocrinology & Metabolism Clinics of North America, are attempting to fill this knowledge gap.
Optimal Glycated Hemoglobin Cutoff for Diagnosis of Diabetes and Prediabetes in Chinese Breast Cancer Women; Purpose: Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) is widely used in diabetes management and now recommended for diagnosis and risk assessment. Our research focused on investigating the optimal cutoff points of HbA1c for diagnosis of diabetes and prediabetes in Chinese breast cancer women, aiming to enhance early detection and tailor treatment strategies. Patients and Methods: This study involved 309 breast cancer women without diabetes history in China. Patients were categorized into groups of newly diagnosed diabetes, prediabetes, and normal glucose tolerance using oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) according to the 2010 ADA criteria. HbA1c data were collected from all patients. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis was used to assess the effectiveness of the HbA1c screening. Results: Among the 309 breast cancer women without diabetes history, 96 (31.0%) were identified with diabetes and 130 (42.1%) had prediabetes according to OGTT, and the incidence of normal glucose tolerance was only 26.9% (83). ROC curve analysis, using OGTT as a reference, revealed that the area under the curve of 0.903 (P<0.001, 95% CI, 0.867–0.938) for HbA1c alone, indicating high accuracy. The optimal HbA1c cutoff for identifying diabetes was determined to be 6.0%, with a sensitivity of 78.1% and specificity of 86.4%. For prediabetes, the ROC curve for HbA1c alone showed that the area under the ROC curve of 0.703 (P<0.001, 95% CI, 0.632–0.774), with an optimal cutoff of 5.5% (sensitivity of 76.9% and specificity of 51.8%). Conclusion: The prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes is very high in breast cancer women without diabetes history in China. The optimal cutoff points of HbA1c for identifying diabetes and prediabetes are 6.0% and 5.5% in Chinese breast cancer women, respectively.
Diabetes: a review of its pathophysiology, and advanced methods of mitigation; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a long-lasting metabolic non-communicable disease often characterized by an increase in the level of glucose in the blood or hyperglycemia. Approximately, 415 million people between the ages of 20 and 79 years had DM in 2015 and this figure will rise by 200 million by 2040. In a study conducted by CARRS, it’s been found that in Delhi the prevalence of diabetes is around 27% and for prediabetic cases, it is more than 46%. The disease DM can be both short-term and long-term and is often associated with one or more diseases like cardiovascular disease, liver disorder, or kidney malfunction. Early identification of diabetes may help avoid catastrophic repercussions because untreated DM can result in serious complications. Diabetes’ primary symptoms are persistently high blood glucose levels, frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Therefore, DM is classified into four major categories, namely, Type 1, Type 2, Gestational diabetes, and secondary diabetes. There are various oral and injectable formulations available in the market like insulin, biguanides, sulphonylureas, etc. for the treatment of DM. Recent attention can be given to the various nano approaches undertaken for the treatment, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus. Various nanoparticles like Gold Nanoparticles, carbon nanomaterials, and metallic nanoparticles are some of the approaches mentioned in this review. Besides nanotechnology, artificial intelligence (AI) has also found its application in diabetes care. AI can be used for screening the disease, helping in decision-making, predictive population-level risk stratification, and patient self-management tools. Early detection and diagnosis of diabetes also help the patient avoid expensive treatments later in their life with the help of IoT (internet of medical things) and machine learning models. These tools will help healthcare physicians to predict the disease early. Therefore, the Nano drug delivery system along with AI tools holds a very bright future in diabetes care.
Insulin resistance: Risk factors, diagnostic approaches and mathematical models for clinical practice, epidemiological studies, and beyond; Insulin resistance (IR) is a multifactorial metabolic disorder associated with the development of cardiometabolic syndrome, cardiovascular diseases and obesity. Factors such as inflammation, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglucagonemia, mitochondrial dysfunction, glucotoxicity and lipotoxicity contribute to the development of IR. Despite being extensively studied for over 60 years, assessing the incidence of IR, developing effective prevention strategies, and implementing appropriate therapeutic approaches remain challenging. This review explores the multifaceted nature of IR, including its association with various conditions such as obesity, primary hypertension, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, Alzheimer's disease, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, chronic kidney disease and cancer. Additionally, we discuss the complexity of diagnosing and quantifying IR, emphasizing the lack of absolute, common criteria for classification. We delve into the use of mathematical models in clinical and epidemiological studies, focusing on the choice between insulin, triglycerides, or waist-to-hip ratio as IR determinants. Furthermore, we highlight the importance of reliable input data and caution in interpreting results when utilizing mathematical models for IR assessment. This narrative review aims to provide insights into the challenges and considerations involved in conducting IR diagnostics, with implications for clinical practice, epidemiological research, and future advancements in this field.
Pustular psoriasis: A distinct aetiopathogenic and clinical entity; Pustular psoriasis is a distinct subset of psoriasis that presents with involvement of the skin in the form of sterile pustules along with systemic manifestations. Though it has been conventionally grouped under the umbrella of psoriasis, recent research has shed light on its pathogenetic mechanisms associated with the IL-36 pathway, which is distinct from conventional psoriasis. Pustular psoriasis in itself is a heterogeneous entity consisting of various subtypes, including generalized, localised, acute, and chronic forms. There is confusion regarding its current classification as entities like deficiency of IL-36 antagonist (DITRA) which are closely related to pustular psoriasis both in their pathogenetic mechanism and its clinical manifestations, are not included under pustular psoriasis. Entities like palmoplantar pustulosis, which presents with similar clinical features but is pathogenetically distinct from other forms of pustular psoriasis, are included under this condition. Management of pustular psoriasis depends upon its severity; while some of the localised variants can be managed with topical therapy alone, the generalized variants like Von Zumbusch disease and impetigo herpetiformis may need intensive care unit admission and tailor-made treatment protocols. The advent of newer biologics and better insight into the pathogenesis of pustular psoriasis has opened the way for newer therapies, including tumour necrosis factor-alpha inhibitors, interleukin-1 inhibitors, interleukin-17 inhibitors, and granulocyte monocyte apheresis. It continues to be an enigma whether pustular psoriasis is actually a variant of psoriasis or an entirely different disease entity, though we feel that it is an entirely different disease process.
Lung-Gut Microbiota and Tryptophan Metabolites Changes in Neonatal Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Purpose: Neonatal Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (NARDS) is a severe respiratory crisis threatening neonatal life. We aim to identify changes in the lung-gut microbiota and lung-plasma tryptophan metabolites in NARDS neonates to provide a differentiated tool and aid in finding potential therapeutic targets. Patients and Methods: Lower respiratory secretions, faeces and plasma were collected from 50 neonates including 25 NARDS patients (10 patients with mild NARDS in the NARDS_M group and 15 patients with moderate-to-severe NARDS in the NARDS_S group) and 25 control patients screened based on gestational age, postnatal age and birth weight. Lower airway secretions and feces underwent 16S rRNA gene sequencing to understand the microbial communities in the lung and gut, while lower airway secretions and plasma underwent LC-MS analysis to understand tryptophan metabolites in the lung and blood. Correlation analyses were performed by comparing differences in microbiota and tryptophan metabolites between NARDS and control, NARDS_S and NARDS_M groups. Results: Significant changes in lung and gut microbiota as well as lung and plasma tryptophan metabolites were observed in NARDS neonates compared to controls. Proteobacteria and Bacteroidota were increased in the lungs of NARDS neonates, whereas Firmicutes, Streptococcus, and Rothia were reduced. Lactobacillus in the lungs decreased in NARDS_S neonates. Indole-3-carboxaldehyde decreased in the lungs of NARDS neonates, whereas levels of 3-hydroxykynurenine, indoleacetic acid, indolelactic acid, 3-indole propionic acid, indoxyl sulfate, kynurenine, and tryptophan decreased in the lungs of the NARDS_S neonates. Altered microbiota was significantly related to tryptophan metabolites, with changes in lung microbiota and tryptophan metabolites having better differentiated ability for NARDS diagnosis and grading compared to gut and plasma. Conclusion: Significant changes occurred in the lung-gut microbiota and lung-plasma tryptophan metabolites of NARDS neonates. Alterations in lung microbiota and tryptophan metabolites were better discriminatory for the diagnosis and grading of NARDS.
Clinical effects of Cook® cervical ripening balloon on promoting cervical dilation for early termination of pregnancy in high-risk parturients.; We aimed to evaluate the clinical effects of oxytocin, misoprostol, controlled-release dinoprostone suppository, and Cook® cervical ripening balloon on early termination of pregnancy in high-risk parturients. Four hundred high-risk full-term parturients not in labor who were unsuitable for awaiting delivery and treated from May 2018 to July 2020 were divided into groups I-IV with a random number table (n=100). They received labor induction by oxytocin, misoprostol, controlled-release dinoprostone suppository, and Cook® cervical ripening balloon, respectively. The general data, cervical ripening effect, delivery outcome, delivery time, adverse reactions, and neonatal conditions were compared. The time from the beginning of labor induction to labor and duration of the first, third, and total stages of labor were shorter in group II-IV than in group I (p<0.05). The incidence rates of excessive uterine contraction in groups II and III were higher than those of groups I and IV, and the incidence rates of fetal distress in groups I-III exceeded that of group IV (p<0.05). The neonatal Apgar scores of groups III and IV were higher than those of groups I and II (p<0.05). Cook® cervical ripening can promote cervical maturation and shorten the labor induction time and stage of labor.
An In-depth Examination of Pregnancy: Investigating Physiological Mechanisms and Pathological Factors; Prospective mothers who are at risk of aortic problems face difficulties. AOD may indicate aortic disease in certain pregnant women. Refer them to a tertiary care facility for delivery treatment and pregnancy monitoring. Current medications must not cause birth defects or teratogenicity. In the second and third trimesters, several medications may induce foetal central nervous system toxicity. Pregnant women change medically and physically to help their child. All organs are affected by these post-conception changes. Extra oxygen is required during a normal pregnancy. This is due to a 15% rise in metabolic rate and a 20% increase in oxygen demand. Tidal volume has increased minute ventilation by 40-50%, but respiratory rate has risen. Hyperventilation by the mother raises arterial pO2, decreases pCO2, and lowers serum bicarbonate to 18-22 mmol/l. With early pregnancy insulin-secreting beta-cell hyperplasia, insulin sensitivity and secretion increase, followed by insulin resistance. Early experiences and exposures have long been researched in the developmental sciences to see how they impact later development in individuals and among people. They contend that healthy development does not begin at birth. Pregnant and non-pregnant women are both affected by ischemic heart disease. Hypertension, high cholesterol, high triglycerides, diabetes, obesity, smoking, and inactivity are all risk factors for ischemic heart disease. When the embryo implants outside the uterus, this is known as an ectopic pregnancy. Despite the fact that stomach pain and vaginal bleeding are frequent, only half of women experience them. The pain might be minor, severe, or unbearable. Ectopic pregnancies account for fewer than 2% of all pregnancies worldwide. Ectopic pregnancies may occur as a consequence of chlamydia infection, smoking, tubal ligation, infertility, or assisted reproductive technology.
The Validity of Labour Admission Test as Screening Test in Predicting Fetal Outcome; Background: It is estimated that 20-40% stillbirths in the non-anomalous category occur as result of intrauterine hypoxia and are therefore potentiality preventable. In this context, a screening test is ideally needed at the time of onset of labour which can detect the already existing compromise on the fetus and which can predict its wellbeing for next hours in labour, so that timely intervention can prevent irreversible neurological damage and death. This study was undertaken with the purpose of evaluating the efficacy of labour admission test as a screening test to identify the compromised fetus or fetus at risk and to correlate with perinatal outcome. Methodology: This study was conducted as a cross sectional studies in 400 antenatal women admitted in lab our ward in a tertiary care teaching hospital for the period of one year. Mothers were selected randomly who belonged to both low and high-risk group. Low risk cases are those pregnant women with singleton term fetus in cephalic presentation, with labour pains either spontaneous or accelerated. High-risk cases are those with postdated pregnancy, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, IUGR/ oligohydramnios, Anemia, Rh Incompatibility, Post caesarean pregnancy and heart disease complicating pregnancy "Fetal care" fetal monitoring system (CTG machine) was used in this study. In this study admission test was done for 400 patients at the time of admission to labour ward. Patients were followed according to the 'AT' results. Results: of 400 patients in our study, 255 were low risk cases and 145 were high-risk cases. CTG was done in all patients.280 cases had reassuring pattern (70%), 68 cases had non reassuring pattern (17%), and 52 cases had abnormal tracing pattern. Of the 400 cases, 280 had labour natural, 114 (29%) went for Cesarean Section and 6 cases (1%) went for Forceps Delivery. Among 280 patients who had reassuring CTG, 15 babies were admitted in NICU. 35% of the babies of non-assuring group were admitted in NICU. 56% of the babies of the abnormal CTG group were admitted in NICU. Therefore, NICU admission is more in the non-reassuring and abnormal CTG group. Sensitivity was 83.54%. Specificity was 78.55% in our study. Diagnostic accuracy of the test was 79.25%. Conclusion: An ideal screening test should have high sensitivity and negative predictive value as this test is found to have the above features in my study, it is certainly recommended as a screening test for fetal distress at the time of admission.
Prevalence and adverse perinatal outcomes of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province, China; Background: Anaemia in pregnancy is one of the most frequent complications related to pregnancy and is a public health concern. This article examines the prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy and the associations between anaemia and adverse perinatal outcomes in Hebei Province, China. Methods: We used SPSS software to describe the incidence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy in Hebei Province and analysed the clinical characteristics in anaemic patients and the relationship between anaemia and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: The overall prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy was 35.0% in Hebei Province. The prevalence of anaemia in the population with a high education level was lower than that in the population with a low education level. The incidence rate in rural areas was higher than that in urban areas. After adjustment for confounding factors, anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is an independent risk factor in terms of placenta previa, placental abruption, uterine atony, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, heart disease, postpartum haemorrhage, premature birth, laceration of birth canal, puerperal infection, caesarean section and large for gestational age. Conclusions: The prevalence of anaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. A comprehensive approach to prevent anaemia is needed to improve maternal and child health outcomes.
Maternal self-reported polycystic ovary syndrome with offspringãnd maternal cardiometabolic outcomes; STUDY QUESTION: Do children born to mothers with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) haveãnãdverse cardiometabolic profile includingãrterial stiffnessãt 9 years ofãge compared to other children? SUMMARY ANSWER: Children of mothers with PCOS did not have differing cardiometabolic outcomes than children without exposure. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While women with PCOS themselves have higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions suchãs obesityãnd diabetes, the evidence on intergenerational impact is unclear. Given in utero sequalae of PCOS (e.g. hyperandrogenism, insulin resistance), the increased risk could be to both boysãnd girls. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: The Upstate KIDS cohort isã population-based birth cohort established in 2008-2010 to prospectively study the impact of infertility treatment on children's health. After ∼10 years of follow-up, 446 mothersãnd their 556 childrenãttended clinical visits to measure blood pressure (BP), heart rate,ãrterial stiffness by pulse wave velocity (PWV), meanãrterial pressure, lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c),ãndãnthropometrics. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Women self-reported ever diagnoses of PCOS ∼4 monthsãfter delivery of their children in 2008-2010. Linear regression modelsãpplying generalized estimating equations toãccount for correlation within twins were used to examineãssociations with each childhood cardiometabolic outcome. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: In this cohort with women oversampled on infertility treatment, ∼14% of women reportedã PCOS diagnosis (n=61). We observed similarities in BP, heart rate, PWV, lipids, hsCRP, HbA1c,ãndãnthropometry (P-values >0.05)ãmong children born to mothers withãnd without PCOS. Associations did not differ by child sex. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The sample size of women with PCOS precluded further separation of subgroups (e.g. by hirsutism). The population-basedãpproach relied on self-reported diagnosis of maternal PCOS even though self-report has been found to be valid. Participants were predominantly non-Hispanic Whiteãndã high proportion were using fertility treatment due to the original design. Differences in cardiometabolic health may beãpparent later inãge, suchãsãfter puberty. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results provide some reassurance that cardiometabolic factors do not differ in children of women withãnd without self-reported PCOS during pregnancy.
Dendrobine: A neuroprotective Sesquiterpenic Alkaloid for the Prevention and Treatment of Diseases: A Review; A sesquiterpenic alkaloid dendrobine is the major bioactive compound extracted from Dendrobium nobile Lindl. This compound was structurally very similar to picrotoxinin (neurotoxin) containing bicyclic or tricyclic ring while dendrobine containing tetracyclic rings with up to 7 stere-ogenic centers showing numerous neuroprotective effects. Several sesquiterpenic alkaloids such as (+)-(1R,5R,6S,8R,9R)-8,12-dihydroxy-copacamphan-3-en-2-one, dendrobine, denrine B, (+)-(1R,2S,3R,4S,5R,6S,9R)-3,11,12-trihydroxypicrotoxane-2(15)-lactone, dendroxine B, nobilonine, 13-Hydroxy-14-oxodendrobine, 6-Hydroxy-nobilonine and (−)-(1S,2R,3S,4R,5S,6R,9S,12R)-3,11,13-trihydroxypicrotoxane-2(15)-lactone were isolated from D. nobile This comprehensive review summarizes the necessary information on the morphology, biochemistry and pharmacology of dendrobine. The phytochemical profile had potent in-vivo and in-vitro efficacy in neuroprotection, nerve function, memory enhancement, cognitive disorders, anxiety and depression, anti-oxidant, psychological conditions, increasing serotonin concentration in synapse anxiolytic, tranquilizing, anti-stress, neurodegenerative (Alzheimer’s disease and Parkinson), anti-inflammatory and analge-sic. The compound dendrobine activates neuro synapses, serotonergic synapse and signaling pathways during neurotransmission playing important role in Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson's disease, anxiety and long-term depression.
Genetic and inflammatory factors underlying gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a significant global health concern, impacting both maternal and fetal well-being. Early detection and treatment are imperative to mitigate adverse outcomes during pregnancy. This review delves into the pivotal role of insulin function and the influence of genetic variants, including SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, and GCK, in GDM development. These genetic variations affect beta-cell function and insulin activity in crucial tissues, such as muscle, disrupting glucose regulation during pregnancy. We propose a hypothesis that this variation may disrupt zinc transport, consequently impairing insulin production and secretion, thereby contributing to GDM onset. Furthermore, we discussed the involvement of inflammatory pathways, such as TNF-alpha and IL-6, in predisposing individuals to GDM. Genetic modulation of these pathways may exacerbate glucose metabolism dysregulation observed in GDM patients. We also discussed how GDM affects cardiovascular disease (CVD) through a direct correlation between pregnancy and cardiometabolic function, increasing atherosclerosis, decreased vascular function, dyslipidemia, and hypertension in women with GDM history. However, further research is imperative to unravel the intricate interplay between inflammatory pathways, genetics, and GDM. This understanding is pivotal for devising targeted gene therapies and pharmacological interventions to rectify genetic variations in SLC30A8, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, IRS1, GCK, and other pertinent genes. Ultimately, this review offers insights into the pathophysiological mechanisms of GDM, providing a foundation for developing strategies to mitigate its impact.
Comparison of Recovery Characteristics From Spinal Anaesthesia Between 1% 2 Chloroprocaine and 0.5% Bupivacaine Heavy in Elective LSCS; Neuraxial anaesthesia is the favored approach for caesarean sections, often employing local anaesthetics such as Bupivacaine, Chloroprocaine and Ropivacaine. However, there's limited data comparing 2-Chloroprocaine to Bupivacaine specifically in patients undergoing LSCS. An optimal spinal anaesthetic for brief surgeries should offer swift onset and offset while ensuring effective postoperative pain management." Aim of our study is to compare the recovery characteristics of spinal anaesthesia between 1% 2-Chloroprocaine and 0.5% Bupivacaine heavy in elective LSCS. In this comparative study, 30 pregnant females aged 18-35 years with ASA #2 status posted for elective LSCS under Subarachnoid block were randomly divided into 2 groups of 15 each. Bupivacaine group was administered with 2ml (10mg) of 0.5% Bupivacaine heavy while Chloroprocaine group was administered with 2.5ml (25mg) of 1% 2 Chloroprocaine, characteristics of sensory, motor block and hemodynamic characteristics were recorded. It was found that there were no significant variation between the groups with respect to age, height, weight, BMI and duration of surgery and hemodynamic parameters. The duration of postoperative analgesia and time of 2 segment regression were significantly faster in Chloroprocaine group (70.58±21.15min) and (45±6.9min) compared to Bupivacaine group (168.41±17.94min) and (128±27.82min). Similarly, Duration of motor blockade was far more in Bupivacaine group (127.45min±16.32min) compared to Chloroprocaine group (59.75min±9.97min). Hypotension and bardycardia occurred more frequently in Bupivacaine group when compared to Chloroprocaine group but these were in acceptable range and not statistically significant. Spinal anaesthesia with 1% 2 Chloroprocaine for LSCS in comparison to 0.5% Bupivacaine Heavy produces adequate sensory and motor block without unnecessary prolonged postoperative stay and serious hemodynamic changes.
Role of Umbilical Artery Doppler in Prediction of Adverse Perinatal outcomes in Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Background: Using Umbilical Artery Doppler indices to detect fetoplacental compromise early and to understand the predictive significance of each index in predicting perinatal outcome and therapeutic methods for these patients. Methods: The present prospective study was conducted at Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Bokaro General Hospital from 1st September 2018 to 31st March 2020 (18 months) on 100 women with hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Umbilical artery doppler evaluation done in all the patients at (28-32) weeks, (33-36) weeks and (37-40) weeks of gestation and more frequently in those patients having deranged Doppler. Patients divided into two groups women with abnormal Umbilical artery indices and normal indices. Perinatal outcome of both the groups were compared, analyzed statistically using Chi-square test. Multiple pregnancy, chronic hypertension, fetal congenital anomalies, systemic disease and those lost to follow up till delivery were excluded from study. Results: A total of 100 women with pregnancy induced hypertension were taken into this study after considering inclusion and exclusion criteria. After last Doppler study, patients were divided into two groups, study group and the control group. Out of 100 the study group contain 38 women with abnormal umbilical artery Doppler indices and the control group contain 62 women with abnormal umbilical artery Doppler indices. Hypertension in pregnancy affects women of all ages. In our study the mean maternal age was 27.76 years. Conclusion: The most accurate way to anticipate unfavorable prenatal outcomes and assist in choosing the right moment for intervention to enhance perinatal outcomes is with umbilical artery PI.
Risk factors analysis and multidisciplinary team first-aid simulation training for umbilical cord prolapse can improve neonatal outcomes; Objective: In the present study, we sought to identify risk factors for umbilical cord prolapse (UCP) and adapt the multidisciplinary team (MDT) first-aid simulation training for UCP patients. We evaluated the usefulness of the MDT first-aid simulation by comparing delivery outcomes for UCP patients before and after its implementation. Material and methods: A retrospective review was conducted on 149 UCP cases (48 overt and 101 occult) and 298 control deliveries that occurred at the Third Affiliated Hospital of Sun Yat-sen University from January 1998 to December 2022. Patient data were compared between the groups. One-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used for means comparison, and the chi-square test was used for categorical data. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to identify factors significantly associated with UCP. Results: Overt UCP was strongly associated with all adverse delivery outcomes. Both univariate and multivariate analyses identified multiparity, breech presentation, polyhydramnios, and low birth weight as independent risk factors for overt UCP (all odds ratios [OR] > 1; all p < 0.05). Preterm labor and abnormal placental cord insertion were identified as independent risk factors for occult UCP (all OR > 1; all p < 0.05). After 2014, when obstetrical staff received MDT first-aid simulation training, patients with overt UCP experienced shorter decision-to-delivery intervals due to more timely cesarean sections. They also had higher Apgar scores at 1, 5, and 10 min, and lower admission rates to the neonatal intensive care unit compared to patients before 2014 (all p < 0.05). Conclusion: MDT first-aid simulation training for overt UCP can improve neonatal outcomes. However, medical simulation training efforts should initially focus on the early identification of risk factors for both overt and occult UCP.
793 Maternal risk factors for preeclampsia and prescription practices of low dose aspirin for preeclampsia prophylaxis; Objective: To determine how prophylactic low dose aspirin (LDA) prescription rates differed across different maternal risk factors for preeclampsia. Study Design: Retrospective study of patients that met SMFM criteria to initiate LDA ppx who received prenatal care and delivered at a single academic center between January - May 2021. Exclusion criteria: age < 18 years old, transfer of care >28 weeks, and delivery < 20 weeks gestation. Patient characteristics, moderate risk (MR) and high risk (HR) criteria, and pregnancy outcomes were collected. Rate of aspirin prescription across different MR and HR factors for preeclampsia groups were compared. Statistical analysis was performed using Chi square and univariate analysis with significance defined as p < 0.05. Results: Of the 622 patients who were included in the study, 60.3% of patients met criteria to initiate LDA prophylaxis with either 2 MR factors or at least 1 HR factor. Risk factors that were more likely to be prescribed LDA were a history of preeclampsia, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, autoimmune disease, and APLS (Table 1). 82 patients (67.8%) with 1 high risk factor were prescribed LDA, compared to only 13.8% (n=35) of patients with 2 moderate risk factors (OR 13.15, 95% CI 7.8-22.2). When comparing patients with 2 or more high risk factors to patients with 1 high risk factor or 2 moderate risk factors only, providers prescribed LDA at a rate of 92.3% vs. 29.0% (OR 29.4, 95% CI 3.8-228.7), respectively. Risk factors with no significant differences in rates of LDA prescription included obesity (BMI >30), class III obesity (BMI >40), kidney disease, cardiac disease, gestational diabetes, thrombophilia, obstructive sleep apnea, hypothyroidism, AMA, and interpregnancy interval >10 years. Conclusion: Patients with 2 or more high risk factors for preeclampsia were more likely to be appropriately prescribed LDA than patients with only 1 high risk factor or only moderate risk factors. [Formula presented]
426 Brain natriuretic peptide testing and severe maternal morbidity in pregnancies affected by heart disease; Objective: We aimed to describe patterns of brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) testing and levels prior to delivery hospitalization among pregnant patients with and without heart disease, and the association between BNP and severe maternal morbidity (SMM). Study Design: This retrospective cohort study included a nationwide sample of pregnant patients in EPIC Cosmos from 2018-2022 who delivered at 22-42 weeks. BNP or NT-proBNP drawn within 90 days preceding delivery were identified and categorized as normal or elevated (BNP ≥ 100 or NT-proBNP ≥ 300 pg/mL). Patients were classified as having no heart disease (no HD), congenital heart disease (CHD), acquired (AHD), or both by ICD-10 code. The primary outcomes were SMM and non-transfusion SMM per CDC definitions. Heart disease, race/ethnicity, social vulnerability index, insurance, obesity, chronic renal disease, diabetes, and gestational diabetes were included as covariates in logistic regression models exploring the association between BNP testing and SMM. Results: 1,817,361 pregnant individuals were included, of whom 1,679,306 (92.4%) had no HD, 13,648 (0.75%) CHD, 117,963 (6.49%) AHD, and 6,444 (0.35%) both. The groups differed with respect to all covariates (p< 0.001), including the proportion with a BNP within 90 days of delivery (no HD 4,685 (0.3%), CHD 131 (1.0%), AHD 2,030 (1.7%), and both 340 (5.3%); p< 0.001). Of those who experienced SMM (N=39,331), 38,652 (98.3%) had no BNP testing, 512 (1.3%) had normal BNP, and 167 (0.4%) had elevated BNP levels. The odds of SMM and non-transfusion SMM were higher in patients who had a BNP within 90 days of delivery even if it was normal (SMM aOR 2.5, 95% CI 2.3, 2.8; non-transfusion SMM aOR 3.4, 95% CI 3.1, 3.8), and higher still if BNP was elevated (SMM aOR 8.6, 95% CI 7.1, 10.3; non-transfusion SMM aOR 12.4, 95% CI 10.0, 15.3). Conclusion: Clinical judgment triggering BNP collection within 90 days of delivery likely identifies a cohort of patients at higher risk of SMM regardless of the result, but elevated results are associated with higher SMM risk. [Formula presented]
344 Adverse pregnancy outcomes and predicted 30-year risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 2-7 years after delivery; Objective: To determine whether adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with higher 30-year predicted risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) 2-7 years after delivery. Study Design: This was a secondary analysis from the prospective Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study-Monitoring Mothers-to-Be Heart Health Study cohort. The primary exposures included APOs modelled individually: abnormal fetal growth (i.e., either SGA (< 10th percentile) or LGA (≥ 90th percentile)), hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), and preterm birth (PTB) < 37 weeks; and secondarily, we examined the total number of APOs (0, 1, ≥2) that were found to be significantly associated with CVD risk. The primary outcome was high predicted 30-year CVD risk defined ≥10%; secondarily, we evaluated CVD risk as a continuous measure. Predicted risk was quantified by the Framingham Risk Score for atherosclerotic CVD (i.e., coronary heart disease and/or stroke). Results: Among 4,299 individuals, 12.8% had an SGA infant, 7.6% had a LGA infant, 13.4% developed HDP, 4.3% developed GDM, and 8.3% had a PTB. At 2-7 years after delivery (median: 2.7 years), the median predicted 30-year ASCVD risk was 2.2% (IQR: 1.4, 3.4). Individuals who experienced HDP (aRR: 1.88; 95% CI: 1.15, 3.07), GDM (aRR: 1.95; 95% CI: 1.10, 3.47), and PTB (aRR: 2.26; 95% CI: 1.32, 3.88) were more likely to have a high predicted risk for CVD (i.e., ≥10%) 2-7 years postpartum. High CVD risk increased with the number of APOs experienced (1: aRR: 2.32; 95% CI: 1.40, 3.85; >2: aRR: 3.45; 95% CI: 1.76, 6.76). These results were similar when the predicted probability was analyzed as a continuous outcome. Neither having a LGA nor an SGA infant was associated with CVD risk. Conclusion: Two-to-seven years after a first pregnancy, individuals who had APOs, including HDP, GDM, and PTB, were more likely to have a higher predicted 30-year risk of CVD. High risk status increased with the number of APOs experienced. These results suggest research is needed to examine the value of APO history in CVD risk scores. [Formula presented]
746 Peripartum cardiomyopathy delivery hospitalization and postpartum readmission trends, risk factors, and outcomes; Objective: To evaluate prevalence of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) during birth and postpartum hospitalizations, and to analyze associated trends, risk factors, and clinical outcomes. Study Design: Birth hospitalizations and postpartum readmissions within 5 months of delivery were analyzed from the 2010-2020 Nationwide Readmissions Database. Temporal trends in PPCM diagnoses were analyzed with joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change (AAPC) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Clinical, demographic, and hospital factors associated with PPCM, and odds for severe adverse outcomes including mortality were assessed using adjusted logistic regression models with odds ratios (OR) as measures of effect. Results: Of 39.8 million birth hospitalizations, 9,210 were complicated by PPCM (2.3 per 10,000 birth hospitalizations). Prevalence of PPCM among 5-month readmissions was 4.8 per 10,000. PPCM prevalence during birth hospitalization increased from 2010 to 2020 (AAPC 2.2%, 95% CI 1.0%, 3.4%); prevalence of new PPCM diagnoses during readmissions did not (AAPC 0.0%, 95% CI -1.6%, 1.6%). Factors associated with peripartum cardiomyopathy (Table) include preeclampsia with severe features (aOR 13.9, 95% CI 12.5, 15.3), preeclampsia without severe features (aOR 6.0, 95% CI 5.3, 6.8), superimposed preeclampsia without severe features (aOR 10.2, 95% CI 8.5, 12.3), multiple gestation (aOR 2.7, 95% CI 2.3, 3.0), pre-gestational diabetes (aOR 1.8, 95% CI 1.6, 2.1), chronic hypertension (aOR 6.3, 95% CI 5.5, 7.2), and maternal age 40-54 years (aOR 1.9, 95% CI 1.7, 2.2, ref age 25-29). PPCM readmissions were associated with 10% of overall postpartum deaths, 21% of cardiac arrest/ventricular fibrillation diagnoses, 18% of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation cases, and 40% of cardiogenic shock cases. Conclusion: PPCM prevalence during birth hospitalizations has increased over time. Preeclampsia and maternal chronic conditions were associated with the highest odds of PPCM. PPCM accounts for a significant proportion of severe postpartum adverse cardiopulmonary outcomes and death. [Formula presented]
1094 Postpartum Hemorrhagic Morbidity in Those With Versus Without Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: There is conflicting evidence on the role of hyperglycemia and postpartum hemorrhage. Due to vascular and perfusion abnormalities, we hypothesized that post-partum hemorrhagic morbidity would be higher among those with versus without diabetes mellitus (DM—gestational or pregestational). Our objective was to compare the composite of maternal hemorrhagic morbidity (CMHM) in those with and without DM. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of all singleton deliveries ≥ 14 weeks at a Level IV center between March 2020 and February 2022. Inclusion criteria were those with known DM status. The primary outcome was a composite maternal hemorrhagic-morbidity (CMHM) defined as: blood loss ≥ 1000 mL, use of uterotonics (excluding prophylactic oxytocin), mechanical tamponade, surgical intervention for atony (O’Leary, B-Lynch, or uterine artery embolization), blood transfusion, venous thromboembolism, admission to the intensive care unit, hysterectomy, or maternal death. Multivariable Poisson regression models were used to estimate adjusted relative risks (aRR), adjusted with variables identified in the univariate analysis. Results: Of the 8,623 deliveries during the study period, 8,357 (97%) met the inclusion criteria. and among them 1,003 (12.0%)—632 (63%) with GDM and 371 (37%) with pregestational—had DM and the remaining 7,354 (88.0%) individuals did not. There were no significant differences in CMHM between the groups (without diabetes 20.6% vs. with diabetes 27.3%; aRR 1.08, 95% CI 0.96-1.22). In subgroup analysis comparing those without diabetes compared to those with gestational diabetes, there was no significant difference (20.6% v. 25.2%; aRR 1.09, 95% CI 0.95-1.26). Similarly, examining those without diabetes compared to those with pregestational diabetes, there was no significant difference (20.6% v. 31.0%; aRR 1.05, 95% CI 0.89-1.24) (Table 1). Conclusion: In our population, pregnancies complicated by diabetes were not at a significantly higher risk of hemorrhagic-related morbidity compared to those without diabetes. [Formula presented]
441 Association of nocturnal heart rate and development of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Objective: Prior data suggest nocturnal heart rate (NHR) may represent a marker of cardiometabolic disease risk in non-pregnant adults, but data on NHR and pregnancy outcomes are limited. We sought to assess the association of NHR with gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of nulliparas enrolled in a prospective observational cohort at 8 clinical sites who completed a home sleep study using the Embletta-Gold device with bipolar electrocardiogram at baseline (60-136 weeks) and follow-up visits (220-296 weeks). We excluded those with chronic hypertension or pregestational diabetes. The primary exposure was the mean NHR at baseline and follow-up (analyzed separately). Secondary exposures were the minimum and maximum NHR at each visit. The outcomes were GDM and HDP. Independent samples t-tests compared each exposure among gravidas with and without the outcomes of interest. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the odds of each outcome per 5-beat increase in NHR at baseline and follow-up. Results: Among 2,952 eligible nulliparas, 4.1% (118/2911) developed GDM and 13.6% (392/2890) developed HDP. The mean (standard deviation) for the mean, minimum, and maximum NHR was 71 (8), 46 (11), and 102 (14) at baseline, and 78 (9), 51 (13), and 108 (15) at follow-up. Gravidas who developed GDM had higher mean, minimum, and maximum NHR at baseline and follow-up than unaffected gravidas (p ≤ 0.01, Table), with each exposure associated with higher adjusted odds of GDM. Gravidas who developed HDP also had higher mean NHR (baseline and follow-up), higher minimum NHR (baseline), and higher maximum NHR (follow-up) (p < 0.01) than those without HDP. For each 5-beat increase in mean NHR at the baseline visit, the adjusted odds of GDM and HDP were higher by 39% and 10%, respectively, with similar increased odds at follow-up. Conclusion: Higher mean, minimum, and maximum NHR in pregnancy appear to be associated with higher odds of GDM and HDP. This may reflect increased sympathetic and/or decreased parasympathetic activity in affected gravidas. [Formula presented]
The RhoA guanine exchange factor ABR: a glucose-sensitive mediator of actin reorganization in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells altered by gestational diabetes mellitus; Abstract: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) programs the fetus, increasing offspring risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease later in life. Hyperglycaemia is widely recognized as the driving force of diabetes-induced programming. We have previously shown that GDM exposure alters DNA methylation and gene expression associated with actin remodelling in primary feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we hypothesized that hyperglycaemic insults underlie programmed changes in fpEC morphology and actin organization by GDM. Therefore, arterial fpECs isolated after normal and GDM pregnancy, as well as normal fpECs that were exposed to hyperglycaemia in vitro, were analysed for the effect of GDM and hyperglycaemia on actin organization and network formation. Integration of gene expression and DNA methylation data identified the RhoA activator active BCR-related (ABR) as programmed by GDM and altered by in vitro hyperglycaemia. ABR silencing in GDM-exposed cells reduced RhoA activity by 34 ± 26% (P = 0.033) and restored normal fpEC phenotype. In fact, in vitro hyperglycaemia induced a similar fpEC phenotype as intrauterine exposure to GDM, i.e. round morphology and increased network formation on Matrigel by 34 ± 33% (P = 0.022) vs. 22 ± 20% for GDM (P = 0.004). Thus, we identified ABR as a novel glucose sensitive regulator of actin organization and cell shape, programmed by GDM and upregulated by hyperglycaemia. Identification of mechanisms induced by hyperglycaemia and affecting endothelial function in the long term will contribute to understanding GDM-induced programming of offspring endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. Future studies could focus on investigating the prevention or reversal of such malprogramming. (Figure presented.). Key points: In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects future health of the offspring, with an increased risk for endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease in later life. GDM alters DNA methylation and expression of ABR in feto-placental arterial endothelial cells (fpEC), a model for endothelial cells exposed to the intrauterine environment of the fetus. GDM phenotype of fpECs is also induced by hyperglycaemia in vitro, and is characterized by altered actin organization and cell shape, which can be restored by ABR silencing. Revealing the cellular mechanisms induced by GDM and hyperglycaemia is important for understanding the mechanisms of how these conditions disturb endothelial function in the offspring.
Exploring Innovative Approaches in Type-2 Diabetes Management: A Comprehensive Review on Nano-carriers and Transdermal Drug Delivery; Diabetes is a chronic metabolic disorder characterized by elevated blood sugar levels and encompasses various types like type 1, type 2, gestational, and prediabetes. This review delves into the intricacies of type-2 diabetes mellitus and its ideal management. Presently, a spectrum of herbal and synthetic drugs is employed for type-2 diabetes mellitus management. We gathered information about diabetes mellitus from articles published up to 2024 and listed in PubMed, Web of Science, Elsevier, Google Scholar, and similar databases. The keywords used in our search included “diabetes”, “herbal drugs”, “nano-carriers”, “transdermal drug delivery”, etc. By carefully analyzing the research on type-2 diabetes-mellitus, it was found that there is an increase in diabetes-based research, which can be demonstrated by contemplating the PubMed search engine results using transdermal delivery for type-2 diabetes-mellitus as a keyword. The oral consumption of these drugs is associated with numerous side effects, including obesity, pancreatic cancer, and hormonal imbalances. To surmount these challenges, the utilization of nano-carriers and transdermal drug delivery systems emerges as a promising avenue aiming to enhance the therapeutic efficacy of drugs. Nano-carriers represent a revolutionary approach, integrating cutting-edge technologies, inventive strategies, and methodologies to deliver active molecules in concentrations that are both safe and effective, thereby eliciting the desired pharmacological response. This review critically examines the constraints associated with traditional oral administration of anti-diabetic drugs and underscores the manifold initiatives undertaken to revolutionize drug delivery. This review focuses on the limitations associated with the conventional oral administration of anti-diabetic drugs and the many initiatives made so far for the effective and safe delivery of drugs using innovative constituents and techniques.
Phenome-Wide Investigation of the Causal Associations Between Pre-Pregnancy Obesity Traits and Gestational Diabetes: A Two-Sample Mendelian Randomization Analyses; Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with gestational diabetes in observational studies, but whether this relationship is causal remains to be determined. To evaluate whether pre-pregnancy obesity traits causally affect gestational diabetes risk, a two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was performed utilizing summary-level statistics from published genome-wide association studies (GWAS). Obesity-related traits included body mass index (BMI), overweight, obesity, obesity class 1, obesity class 2, obesity class 3, childhood obesity, waist circumference (WC), hip circumference (HC), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Effect estimates were evaluated using the inverse-variance weighting method. Weighted median, MR-Egger, simple mode, and weighted mode were performed as sensitivity analyses. Genetically predicted pre-pregnancy BMI [odds ratio (OR) = 1.68; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.45–1.95; P = 9.13 × 10–12], overweight (OR = 1.49; 95% CI: 1.21–1.85; P = 2.06 × 10–4), obesity (OR = 1.25; 95% CI: 1.18–1.33; P = 8.01 × 10–13), obesity class 1 (OR = 1.31; 95% CI: 1.17–1.46; P = 1.49 × 10–6), obesity class 2 (OR = 1.26; 95% CI: 1.16–1.37; P = 5.23 × 10–8), childhood obesity (OR = 1.33; 95% CI: 1.23–1.44; P = 4.06 × 10–12), and WHR (OR = 2.35; 95% CI: 1.44–3.83; P = 5.89 × 10–4) were associated with increased risk of gestational diabetes. No significant association was observed with obesity class 3, WC, HC, percent liver fat, visceral adipose tissue volume, or abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue volume. Similar results were observed in sensitivity analyses. Therefore, genetically predicted pre-pregnancy obesity traits may increase the risk of gestational diabetes. Weight control before pregnancy may be beneficial to prevent gestational diabetes.
346 HDP and GDM and predicted risk of maternal cardiovascular disease 10-14 years after delivery; Objective: To determine whether hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with a higher 10- and 30-year predicted risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD), as quantified by the Framingham Risk Score 10-14 years after delivery. Study Design: A secondary analysis from the prospective Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) Follow-up Study. The exposure (expressed as a multiple dichotomous variable) was HDP alone, GDM alone, or both HDP and GDM, compared with none of these (reference). The primary outcomes were high predicted 10- and 30-year ASCVD risk (composite of fatal and non-fatal coronary heart disease and stroke). We used the Framingham Risk Score defined as >7.5% at 10 years and >20% at 30 years per current guidelines. Secondarily, we examined predicted ASCVD risk as a continuous measure. Modified Poisson and linear regression models adjusted for baseline covariates: field center, age, BMI, height, smoking and alcohol use, and parity, all measured at the OGTT during pregnancy. Results: Of 4,432 assessed individuals, the median age was 30.5 and the median BMI was 26.5 at baseline. A total of 8.2% (n=364) developed HDP alone, 11.2% (n=497) developed GDM alone, and 2.5% (N=112) developed both HDP and GDM. At 10-14 years after delivery (median 11.6), individuals with HDP alone (aRR: 1.02; 95% CI: 1.01-1.04) and GDM alone (aRR: 1.02; 95% CI: 1.01-1.04) were at higher predicted 10-year ASCVD risk compared with those with neither HDP nor GDM. Individuals with HDP alone (aRR: 1.01; 95% CI: 1.01-1.03), GDM alone (aRR:1.04; 95% CI: 1.02-1.06), and both HDP and GDM (95% CI: 1.06; 95% CI: 1.01-1.10) were at higher predicted risk of 30-year CVD compared with those with neither HDP nor GDM. These results were similar when modeling ASCVD risk as a continuous percentage (TABLE). Conclusion: Pregnant individuals with HDP and GDM in the HAPO FUS cohort who were 10-14 years after delivery were more likely to be at high predicted risk of ASCVD. [Formula presented]
1050 Stillbirth as a risk factor for dementia: a prospective population-based UK Biobank study; Objective: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) have been reported to increase the risk of long-term cardiovascular or metabolic disease later in life. In the current study, we tried to evaluate the risk of dementia in middle-aged women according to the history of APO. Study Design: The UK Biobank is a prospective cohort study from 2006 to 2010, encompassing > 500,000 individuals at 40-60 years from the United Kingdom. Among them, we included 220,395 women and compared the new onset of dementia according to the history of APO using the Cox proportional hazard model. Results: In middle-aged women, dementia has newly occurred in a total of 3,047 women (1.38%) during follow up. Among APOs, only history of stillbirth increased the risk of dementia whereas other APOs such as hypertensive disease in pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and recurrent spontaneous abortion was not associated with the risk of dementia. Even after adjusting the confounding variables, women who had a history of stillbirth increased risk of a new onset of dementia. (HR 1.1855, p=0.048). Conclusion: History of stillbirth was associated with an increased risk of dementia and should be also considered as a risk factor for dementia. [Formula presented]
A study of the effect of abnormal amniotic fluid volume on maternal and fetal outcome; Background: Amniotic fluid has many important functions and is regulated by multiple factors. It is integral to fetal development, including fetal pulmonary, gastrointestinal, and musculoskeletal maturation. It also acts to cushion the fetus from trauma. It is also believed to be sterile and possesses bacteriostatic properties. Amniotic fluid is regulated by fetal swallowing, fetal urine production, lung secretions, and intramembranous absorption. Amniotic fluid abnormalities (either increased or decreased fluid) are due to dysregulation of these processes from maternal or fetal disease. Normal amniotic fluid volume has been extensively studied using direct measurement, dye dilution methods, and ultrasound estimation. Materials and methods: The present study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Arundathi Hospital over a period of 1 year. This study subjects consisted of registered antenatal patients at term gestation with single live fetus in cephalic presentation. The study group subjects constituted registered 90 antenatal cases presented at gestational age above 37 weeks. The mothers during their first visit were included for detailed history, clinical examination and blood investigations as follows. Detailed case history including age / parity / menstrual history / obstetric history/ past and family history were taken. Detailed general and systemic examination of the patient was done. Result: The study was done on 90 antenatal patients with oligohydramnios. The mean age group of the study participants was 28.39±6.49 years. Majority (50%) of them were primigravida and most of them (44%) belonged to the age group of 26 to 30 years. 41(82%) patients required an emergency LSCS and 35 (38.9%) of the new-born required an extra care and were admitted in NICU. Gestational age, birth weight and abnormal doppler study were found to have an association with the perinatal outcome. The present study revealed that children with increased birth weight and gestational age had a favourable perinatal outcome. Those with an abnormal doppler study had an unfavourable perinatal outcome. Other factors like age of the mother, parity, mode of delivery and AFI did not have any association with perinatal outcome. Perinatal mortality in the present study was 8.9%. Conclusion: In conclusion, due to such adverse outcomes mentioned in patients with borderline AFI and because there is no sufficient evidence and specific decision about delivery based on a borderline AFI, there should be a close observation and antepartum surveillance for them. Also, further studies with prospective design are needed.
The progress of clinical research on the detection of 1,5-anhydroglucitol in diabetes and its complications; 1,5-Anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) is sensitive to short-term glucose fluctuations and postprandial hyperglycemia, which has great potential in the clinical application of diabetes as a nontraditional blood glucose monitoring indicator. A large number of studies have found that 1,5-AG can be used to screen for diabetes, manage diabetes, and predict the perils of diabetes complications (diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease, diabetic retinopathy, diabetic pregnancy complications, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, etc.). Additionally, 1,5-AG and β cells are also associated with each other. As a noninvasive blood glucose monitoring indicator, salivary 1,5-AG has much more benefit for clinical application; however, it cannot be ignored that its detection methods are not perfect. Thus, a considerable stack of research is still needed to establish an accurate and simple enzyme assay for the detection of salivary 1,5-AG. More clinical studies will also be required in the future to confirm the normal reference range of 1,5-AG and its role in diabetes complications to further enhance the blood glucose monitoring system for diabetes.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and renal-vascular function in the early years after delivery; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs: hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and placental disorders) are associated with cardiovascular disease risk or blood volume abnormalities. Traditional risk factors might not identify highest risk people in the early years after APO deliveries. Test the hypothesis that vascular function is worse, and plasma volume-regulating renal hormones are lower after delivery in people who did versus did not have an APO. Adult participants 6 mo–3 years postdelivery of a singleton infant participated in this cross-sectional study. Exclusion criteria included current smoking, current use of certain medications, and diabetes outside of pregnancy. Differences in measurements between participants with versus without APOs were determined with t tests or Wilcoxon tests. Associations of renal hormones with APO history were assessed with linear regression, adjusted for age, race, body mass index (BMI), and sodium consumption. Of 86 participants, 38 (44%) had an APO history. Those with APOs were more likely to identify as Black and had a higher BMI, 34.0 kg/m2 [interquartile range (IQR), 24.6, 39.3] versus 24.2 kg/m2 [IQR, 21.2, 31.3], P < 0.05. Most brachial and all aortic blood pressures were higher in those with APOs: median aortic blood pressure was 102/74 versus 96/68 mmHg, P ≤ 0.05. There were no differences in arterial stiffness or endothelial function between groups. Aldosterone was lower (54 [IQR, 28–84] vs. 80 [IQR, 39–150] pmol/L) in participants with past APOs. Blood pressures were higher, and aldosterone was lower in participants with past APOs. Associations of aldosterone with APO history persisted after adjustment. Neither renin nor aldosterone were related to vascular function. NEW & NOTEWORTHY Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Traditional CVD risk factors may not fully capture excess CVD risk soon after APOs. Vascular dysfunction and plasma volume irregularities may be detectable. We found people with APOs had worse blood pressures, higher BMI, and lower aldosterone levels versus those without APOs in the early years after delivery. Vascular function was similar between groups. Future research should assess vascular function and renal hormones at multiple timepoints during the perinatal period.
Efficacy and Safety of DPP-4 Inhibitors and Metformin Combinations in Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Literature Review and Network Meta-Analysis; Objective: Several oral antidiabetic regimens are available for treating type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP4i) being one of them. We conducted a network meta-analysis (NMA) comparing DPP4i plus metformin (Met) combination with other Met-based oral antidiabetic drug (OAD) combinations used in treating patients with T2DM. Methods: We searched PubMed and Embase from inception until 19th April, 2022 for phase II and phase III trials in patients with T2DM on Met-based traditional OADs. The primary outcome was assessed by change in glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and 2-hour post-prandial blood glucose (2h-PPG). The secondary safety outcomes assessed were hypoglycemic events, serious adverse events (SAEs), cardiovascular (CV) events, and gastrointestinal (GI) events. Results: Sixty-two trials were included in the analysis. The combination of DPP4i + Met revealed a comparable mean reduction in HbA1c levels to the glinides (Gli) + Met combination (mean difference [MD]: −0.03%, 95% CI: 0.69, −0.65), although the difference was not statistically significant. The mean HbA1c reduction with DPP4i + Met was greater than with sulfonylureas (SU) + Met (MD: −0.05, 95% CI: −0.29, 0.39), thiazolidinedione (TZD) + Met (MD: −0.69, 95% CI: −1.39, −0.02), and SU + TZD (MD: 0.21; 95% CI: −1.30, 1.71), with no statistical significance. DPP4i + Met demonstrated a non-significant lower incidence of CV events in comparison to TZD + Met (RR: 1.01, 95% CI: 0.46, 2.45) and SU + Met (RR: 1.06, 95% CI: 0.61, 2.06). Conclusion: DPP4i in combination with Met was efficacious and had a well-tolerated safety profile compared with other traditional OADs. This combination can be considered as a suitable treatment option for patients with T2DM.
Comparative Study of Vaginal, Sublingual, and Buccal Misoprostol in Induction of Labor in Term Pregnancy; Background: One typical procedure used when there is a maternal or fetal indication for a pregnancy termination is induction of labor (IOL). Pregnant women are inducing labor in large numbers in both developed and developing nations. This study compared the efficaciousness of sublingual, vaginal, and buccal misoprostol for inducing labor in a full-term pregnancy. Methods: From July 2023 to December 2023, this study was conducted at the SKMCH, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology in Muzaffarpur, Bihar. A random allocation of 150 subjects was made to receive 50 μg of buccal, 25 μg of vaginal, and 50 μg of sublingual misoprostol. The problems for the mother and fetus, as well as the hour 1 and hour 6 Bishop Scores, were noted. Results: Between the three groups, there were no differences in maternal (P>0.05) or fetal (P>0.05) problems. Additionally, there were no differences between these groups for Bishop score hour 1 (P = 0.146), Bishop score hour 6 (P = 0.704), or total dose (P = 0.15). Based on the buccal, sublingual, and vaginal deliveries that were made in each group, our study identified a difference (P = 0.015) in the three groups' ability to achieve a conventional vaginal birth within a day. Compared to the other groups, the Buccal group used oxytocin at a higher rate (P = 0.022). Conclusion: This study found that while there was no difference in the three groups' rates of fetal and maternal problems, there was a significant difference in the use of oxytocin and vaginal deliveries within 24 hours of the start of induction.
The associations of maternal liver biomarkers in early pregnancy with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study and Mendelian randomization analysis; Background: Associations of liver function with the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remain unclear. This study aimed to examine the relationship and the potential causality between maternal liver biomarkers and the risk of subsequent GDM, as well as to evaluate the interaction between liver biomarkers and lipids on GDM risk. Methods: In an ongoing Zhoushan Pregnant Women Cohort, pregnant women who finished the first prenatal follow-up record, underwent liver function tests in early pregnancy, and completed the GDM screening were included in this study. Logistic regression models were used to investigate the association, and the inverse-variance weighted method supplemented with other methods of two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was applied to deduce the causality. Results: Among 9,148 pregnant women, 1,668 (18.2%) developed GDM. In general, the highest quartile of liver function index (LFI), including ALT, AST, GGT, ALP, and hepatic steatosis index, was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM (OR ranging from 1.29 to 3.15), especially an elevated risk of abnormal postprandial blood glucose level. Moreover, the causal link between ALT and GDM was confirmed by the MR analysis (OR=1.28, 95%CI:1.05-1.54). A significant interaction between AST/ALT and TG on GDM risk was observed (P interaction = 0.026). Conclusion: Elevated levels of LFI in early pregnancy were remarkably associated with an increased risk of GDM in our prospective cohort. Besides, a positive causal link between ALT and GDM was suggested.
Establishment of a Latin American dataset to enable the construction of gestational weight gain charts for adolescents; Gestational weight gain is an important indicator for monitoring nutritional status during pregnancy. However, there are no gestational weight gain references created for adolescents or national datasets to enable the construction of such graphs up to date. This manuscript aims to describe the creation of a Latin American dataset to construct gestational weight gain references for adolescents aged 10–19 years old. Gestational weight gain data from studies conducted in nine countries (Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay) collected between 2003 and 2021 were harmonized. Data on height, weight, and gestational age in at least two gestational trimesters were included. Pregnant adolescents should be free of diseases that could affect weight, and newborns should weigh between 2,500–4,000 g and be free of congenital malformations. The final dataset included 6,414 individuals after data cleaning. Heterogeneity between the countries was assessed by calculating standardized site differences for GWG and z scores of height-for-age. Several imputation procedures were tested, and approximately 10% of the first-trimester weights were imputed. The prevalence of individuals with underweight (1.5%) and obesity (5.3%) was low, which may lead to problems when modeling the curves for such BMI categories. Maternal height and gestational weight gain did not show significant differences by country, according to the standardized site differences. A harmonized dataset of nine countries with imputed data in the first trimester of pregnancy was prepared to construct Latin American gestational weight gain curves for adolescents.
Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation may benefit from the addition of N-acetylcysteine to facilitate motor learning in infants of diabetic mothers failing oral feeds; Objective: This study aims to determine if pretreating with enteral N-acetylcysteine (NAC) improves CNS oxidative stress and facilitates improvement in oromotor skills during transcutaneous auricular nerve stimulation (taVNS) paired with oral feedings in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) who are failing oral feeds. Methods: We treated 10 IDMs who were gastrostomy tube candidates in an open-label trial of NAC and taVNS paired with oral feeding. NAC (75 or 100 mg/kg/dose) was given by nasogastric (NG) administration every 6 h for 4 days, then combined with taVNS paired with 2 daily feeds for another 14 days. NAC pharmacokinetic (PK) parameters were determined from plasma concentrations at baseline and at steady state on day 4 of treatment in conjunction with magnetic resonance spectroscopic (MRS) quantification of CNS glutathione (GSH) as a marker of oxidative stress. We compared increases in oral feeding volumes before and during taVNS treatment and with a prior cohort of 12 IDMs who largely failed to achieve full oral feeds with taVNS alone. Results: NAC 100 mg/kg/dose every 6 h NG resulted in plasma [NAC] that increased [GSH] in the basal ganglia with a mean of 0.13 ± 0.08 mM (p = 0.01, compared to baseline). Mean daily feeding volumes increased over 14 days of NAC + taVNS compared to the 14 days before treatment and compared to the prior cohort of 12 IDMs treated with taVNS alone. Seven IDMs reached full oral feeds sufficient for discharge, while three continued to have inadequate intake. Conclusion: In IDM failing oral feeds, NAC 100 mg/kg/dose every 6 h NG for 4 days before and during taVNS paired with oral feeding increased CNS GSH, potentially mitigating oxidative stress, and was associated with improving functional feeding outcomes compared to taVNS alone in a prior cohort. This represents a novel approach to neuromodulation and supports the concept that mitigation of ongoing oxidative stress may increase response to taVNS paired with a motor task.
Isolation, Identification and Antibiotic Susceptibility Testing of Bacterial Pathogens from Blood Cultures of Neonates With Clinical Signs of Sepsis in A Tertiary Care Centre; Neonatal mortality rate is one of the indications for measuring the health status of a nation. Neonates harbor an immature immune system, rendering them highly susceptible to infections that can cause life threatening consequences. In developed countries, Group B streptococci and coagulase negative staphylococci are the common etiological agents of neonatal sepsis. But in developing countries, the bacteriological profile varies, not only from place to place but also from time to time. Blood culture is the gold standard for the diagnosis of septicaemia and ideally should be done prior to starting antibiotics. Developed to recover microorganisms from blood, but each having its own limitations. Newer blood culture techniques using highly enriched media and a continuous monitoring system, as BacT/Alert system have improved the turnaround time for cultures to about 12 hours. They are highly sensitive, detecting organisms as low as1-2 colony forming units per millilitre. A positive blood culture and antibiotic susceptibility profile is the best guide to effective antibiotic therapy This is a cross sectional with study sample size 142.Blood samples of neonates with sepsis for, isolation, identification and antibiotic susceptibility testing of bacterial pathogens from blood culture of neonates with clinical sign of sepsis from department of paediatrics in our hospital are included. 142 neonates with clinical signs of sepsis were enrolled in the study. 84(59.2%) were males and 58(40.8%) were females. Majority of the neonates (90, 63.4%) had birth weight greater 2.5kg, 37(26.1%) neonates had weight less than 2.5kg and 13(9.2%) <1.5kg and 2 of them <1 kg.116(81.7%) neonates presented with EOS and 26(18.3%) with LOS. 59(41.5%) neonates were born preterm. 80(56.3%) babies were born by lower segment caesarian section (LSCS), 56(39.4%) were by normal vaginal delivery and 6 of them by assisted vaginal delivery. 77(54.2%) neonates with clinical signs of sepsis had hyperbilirubinemia (NNHB)50(35.2%) neonates presented with respiratory distress. Among the 11 Gram positive organisms, all were susceptible to linezolid and vancomycin, 72.5% to amikacin,63.5% to ofloxacin, 54.5% to gentamicin, 9.09% each to ampicillin, cephalexin cloxacillin. Among the 7-gram negative organisms, all were susceptible to meropenem and colistin,57.1% each to gentamicin, amikacin piperacillin-tazobactam, 42.8% to ciprofloxacin28.5% to ofloxacin. There were 8 definite pathogens, 10 possible pathogens2 skin contaminants. In a reduced usage of antibiotics in the ICUs can prevent emergence of multidrug resistant bacteria. Moreover, hand hygiene forms the cornerstone in preventing the transmission of these resistant bugs.
Quantifying fetal heart health in gestational diabetes: a new approach with fetal heart quantification technology; Objective: This study aimed to assess the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal heart structure and function using a technique called fetal heart quantification (Fetal HQ), with a focus on mitochondrial dynamics, which employs advanced imaging technology for comprehensive analysis. Methods: A total of 180 fetuses with normal heart structures, aged 24–40 weeks of gestation, were examined. A 2–3 s cine loop in the standard four-chamber oblique view was captured and analyzed using the speckle-tracking technique with Fetal HQ. Various echocardiographic parameters were evaluated, including four-chamber view (4CV), global spherical index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), 24-segment spherical index (SI), ventricular fractional area change (FAC), cardiac output (CO), and stroke volume (SV). These parameters were compared between the GDM group and the control group during two gestational periods: 24+0 to 28+0 weeks and 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Statistical analysis was performed using independent samples t-tests and Mann-Whitney U tests to identify significant differences. Results: Twenty fetuses from mothers with GDM and 40 from the control group were recruited at 24+0 to 28+0 weeks. At 28+1 to 40+1 weeks, 40 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 80 from the control group were recruited. The fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar between the GDM and control groups. However, compared to the controls, right ventricular function in the GDM group was lower only at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. In the GDM group, the global spherical index (GSI) was lower than in the control group at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks (1.175 vs. 1.22; p = 0.001). There were significant decreases in ventricular FAC (38.74% vs. 42.83%; p < 0.0001) and 4CV GLS for the right ventricle (−22.27% vs. −26.31%; p = 0.005) at 28+1 to 40+1 weeks. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that GDM is associated with decreased right ventricular function in the fetal heart, particularly during the later stages of pregnancy (28+1 to 40+1 weeks), compared to fetuses from healthy pregnancies. The Fetal HQ technique represents a valuable tool for evaluating the structure and function of fetal hearts affected by GDM during the advanced stages of pregnancy.
Analysis of the performance of health services in a group of vulnerable municipalities; This work was a descriptive study that analyzed the performance of health services in 112 municipalities (g100) characterized by more than 80,000 inhabitants, low public revenue, and socioeconomic vulnerability. Based on the Proje-to de Avaliação de Desempenho do Sistema de Saúde, 31 indicators of funding, resources, access, effectiveness, acceptability, and appropriateness were selected for the period of 2017-2020, and were compared to the variations of each year’s indicators year on year. In 2020, an increase in funding, especially SUS transfers (31.6%), was observed. The availability of hospital beds had been decreasing between 2017 and 2019, but began to increase again in 2020; likewise, the availability of health professionals also showed a slight increase. A decline was observed in cervi-cal and breast cancer screening exams of nearly 40% (2020), as well as a decrease in surgical pro-cedures, such as cataracts and angioplasties. The hospitalizations due to conditions manageable by primary care were 15.8% in 2020, 14.1% lower than in 2019. A 55.8% increase in mortality due to diabetes and greater tuberculosis treatment non-adherence was also observed. The pandemic context calls for caution when interpreting results, which highlight access barriers and post-ponements of proper health care.
Vitamin D supplementation for cardiometabolic risk markers in pregnant women based on the gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity status : a randomized clinical trial; Purpose: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or obesity are vulnerable to impaired gestational cardiovascular health (CVH) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. It is unclear if prenatal vitamin D supplementation improves gestational CVH, especially in women at high risk for developing CVD. Our goal was to find out if vitamin D supplementation could protect against gestational CVH, including the women with GDM or obesity. Design: We randomly assigned women with a serum 25(OH)D concentration < 75 nmol/L to receive 1600 IU/d (intervention group) or 400 IU/d (control group) of vitamin D3 for two months at 24–28 weeks’ gestation. The primary outcome was gestational CVH marks (lipids, inflammatory cytokines, endothelial function). Results: There were 1537 participants divided into the intervention (N = 766) and control groups (N = 771). No baseline differences existed among study groups in CVH markers. At the two-month visit, the intervention group’s HDL-C levels (2.01 ± 0.39 VS 1.96 ± 0.39 mmol/L) were significantly higher than those of the control group, while the hs-CRP levels were significantly lower (3.28 ± 2.02 VS 3.64 ± 2.42 mg/L). Subgroup analysis found that HDL-C, TC, hs-CRP, E-Selectin, and SBP were improved in the intervention group among women with GDM or overweight/obesity, and the improvement was not found in women without GDM or overweight/obesity. Vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased the mean triglyceride-glucose index at the two-month visit in women with GDM. Conclusions: Vitamin D supplementation at mid-gestation might optimize the gestational CVH status for pregnant women, particularly the women with GDM or obesity, which is advantageous for later-life primary prevention of CVD. Clinical trial registration: The Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100051914, 10/9/2021, Prospective registered, https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=134700).
Association between aluminum and iron exposure in maternal blood and umbilical cord blood and congenital heart defects in children; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHDs) is the major cause of mortality from birth defects, affecting up to 1% of live births worldwide. However, the relationship between aluminum (Al) and iron (Fe) levels and the risk of CHDs has yielded inconsistent results. Methods: We conducted a pair-matched case–control study that included 97 CHDs and 194 non-CHDs to investigate the association and interaction between Al/Fe exposure and the risk of CHDs in a birth cohort study in Lanzhou, China. Results: Higher concentrations of cord blood Al were associated with a greater risk of total CHDs (aOR = 2.826, 95% CI [1.009–7.266]) and isolated CHDs (aOR = 10.713, 95% CI [1.017–112.851]) compared to the lowest Al level. Both in maternal blood and cord blood, a significant dose-effect was observed between Al level and total CHDs (Ptrend < 0.05), but a similar pattern was not observed for Fe. High Al in addition to high Fe appeared to elicit a stronger association with CHDs than both lowest tertile of Al and Fe level in umbilical cord blood, particularly for multiple CHDs, septal defects and patent ductus arteriosus. Conclusions: Our study suggests that exposure to Al during pregnancy (≥2,408 mg/L) is significantly associated with an increased risk of CHDs in offspring, especially septal defects, and that high levels of Al and Fe are strongly correlated with fetal heart development. Further research is needed to understand the underlying mechanisms.
Double Balloon Combined with Oxytocin in Labor Induction: Analysis of Multivariate Factors Affecting the Efficacy of Cervical Ripening; Objective: Labor induction during the late trimester of pregnancy is a common option of terminating pregnancy by inducing uterine contractions through medication or cervical mechanical dilation. However, there are few researches on the factors influencing the effectiveness of cervical ripening balloon combined with oxytocin in inducing labor. To explore factors affecting the efficacy of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin in labor induction. Methods: Using a convenient sampling method, this study retrospectively collected the clinical data of 230 pregnant women who underwent cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction in our hospital from September 2021 to August 2022. The included subjects were divided into a vaginal delivery group (n = 180) and a cesarean section group (n = 50) based on the delivery mode for comparing relevant indicators between the two groups. Results: The presence of acute chorioamnionitis (OR = 1.456, 95% CI: 1.257–2.112), fetal distress (OR = 1.371, 95% CI: 1.331– 2.633), and the placement of cervical ripening balloon catheter for >12h (OR = 1.563, 95% CI: 1.231–3.263) were risk factors for successful application of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction in pregnant women; while multi-gravidity (OR = 0.736, 95% CI: 0.455–0.875) was a protective factor. In addition, evaluation of the predictive value revealed that acute chorioamnionitis, fetal distress, the placement of cervical ripening balloon catheter for >12h, and gravidity all had certain predictive value for the failure of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction, with the highest predictive value found through joint predictive (AUC: 0.931, 95% CI: 0.714–0.811). Conclusion: Cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction may have a high success rate in multigravida. Acute chorioamnionitis, fetal distress, and prolonged placement of the balloon may have a negative impact on the success rate of cervical ripening double balloon combined with oxytocin for labor induction.
Assessing the causal association of pregnancy complications with diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: To the best of our knowledge, numerous observational studies have linked pregnancy complications to increased risks of diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), causal evidence remains lacking. Our aim was to estimate the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes with diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: A two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) analysis was employed, which is not subject to potential reverse causality. Data for pregnancy complications were obtained from the FinnGen consortium. For primary analysis, outcome data on diabetes, related traits, stroke, and coronary heart disease (CHD) were extracted from the GWAS Catalog, MAGIC, MEGASTROKE, and CARDIoGRAMplusC4D consortium. The MAGIC and UKB consortium datasets were used for replication and meta-analysis. Causal effects were appraised using inverse variance weighted (IVW), weighted median (WM), and MR-Egger. Sensitivity analyses were implemented with Cochran’s Q test, MR-Egger intercept test, MR-PRESSO, leave-one-out (LOO) analysis and the funnel plot. Results: Genetically predicted gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was causally associated with an increased diabetes risk (OR=1.01, 95% CI=1-1.01, P<0.0001), yet correlated with lower 2-hour post-challenge glucose levels (OR=0.89, 95% CI=0.82-0.97, P=0.006). Genetic liability for pregnancy with abortive outcomes indicated decreased fasting insulin levels (OR=0.97, 95% CI=0.95-0.99, P=0.02), but potentially elevated glycated hemoglobin levels (OR=1.02, 95% CI=1.01-1.04, P=0.01). Additionally, hypertensive disorders in pregnancy was tentatively linked to increased risks of stroke (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.04-1.18, P=0.002) and CHD (OR=1.3, 95% CI=1.2-1.4, P=3.11E-11). Gestational hypertension might have a potential causal association with CHD (OR=1.11, 95% CI=1.01-1.22, P=0.04). No causal associations were observed between preterm birth and diabetes, stroke, or CHD. Conclusion: The findings of this study provide genetic evidence that gestational diabetes, pregnancy with abortive outcomes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy may serve as early indicators for metabolic and cardiovascular risks. These insights are pivotal for the development of targeted screening and preventive strategies.
Coexistence of Standard Modifiable, Other Classical, and Novel and Classical Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women; Background: The coexistence of multiple standard modifiable risk factors (SMuRFs),classical and novel risk factors (RFs) for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is common in the Middle East (ME). There is a paucity of data on the coexistence of these RFs in ME young women. Aim: Comparing the prevalence and the statistical patterns of the SMuRFs, classical and novel RFs in target population. Methods: In this case-control (1:2) study, consecutive young women aged 18–50 years were enrolled in 12 centers (July 2021 to October 2023). Prevalence and coexistence of 19 RFs were compared between cases with ASCVD and their controls. The RFs included SMuRFs (hypertension, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, and cigarette smoking), other classical RF (obesity, family history of premature ASCVD, and physical inactivity), novel RFs and social determinants of health (health insurance, place of residence, depression, and level of education). Results: The study included 627 subjects; 209 had ASCVD (median age 46 years, IQR 49–42 years) and 418 controls (median age 45 years, IQR 48–41 years). The presence of 1–2 RFs; (ASCVD: 63.2%, Control: 54.1%, p=0.037) and 3–4 RFs; (ASCVD: 27.8%, Control: 3.3%, p < 0.001) SMuRFs was more prevalent in women with ASCVD. Similarly, the presence of 4–5 RFs; (ASCVD: 40.7%, Control: 14.6%, p<0.001), and 6–7 (ASCVD: 10.5%, Control: 1%, p < 0.001). The classical RF were also significantly common in these women. The distribution of multiple novel RF was not statistically significant across both groups. Finally, regarding the socioeconomic RFs in women with ASCVDs, the presence of 1–2 RFs (ASCVD: 59.8%, Control: 76.1%, p < 0.001) was significantly less common while the presence of 3–4 RFs (ASCVD: 39.2%, Control: 21.8%, p < 0.001) was vastly more common. Conclusion: An elevated rate of coexistence of classical RF in the case group, mainly socioeconomic and SMuRFs. By managing them primary and secondary ASCVDs prevention attained.
Second-trimester Uterine Artery Doppler Pulsatility Index in Singleton Pregnant Women with and without Risk of Pre-eclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) is gestational hypertension and one of the most serious disorders in pregnant women. Objective: This study aimed to compare second-trimester uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index (UAPI) in singleton pregnant women with and without risk of PE. Methods: A case-control study was carried out among 200 singleton pregnant women in the second trimester of pregnancy, who were referred to Imam Hospital in Ahvaz (Iran). The data were recorded on their demographic, obstetric, clinical characteristics, and Doppler indices. The average UA-PI value was considered as the mean PI between the right and left arteries. Women who were categorized into Groups 1 and 2 had a moderate-high and low risk of PE, respectively. Results: The mean UA-PI, right UA-PI, left UA-PI, systolic and diastolic blood pressures (BP), age, body mass index (BMI), and abdominal circumference (AC) of women in Group 1 were significantly higher than those in Group 2 (p<0.05). Furthermore, Group 1 had a higher frequency of abortions, comorbidities, abnormal UA Doppler results, and nulliparous women than Group 2 (p<0.05). Based on maternal age (<35, ≥35), BMI (<25, ≥25), comorbidities (yes, no), and nulliparity (yes, no) categories, those who were in Group 1 had a significantly higher mean systolic and diastolic BP, UA-PI, right UA-PI, and left UA-PI than their counterparts in Group 2 (p<0.001). Conclusion: This study declared the second-trimester UA-PI had good potential for timely prediction of PE risk in pregnant women.
Reach and effectiveness of a non-university cardio-obstetrics program; Background: Current guidelines recommend multidisciplinary cardiovascular obstetric programs (CVOB) to manage complex pregnant patients with cardiovascular disease. Minimal evaluation of these programs exists, with most of these programs offered at university-based centers. Methods: A cohort of 113 patients managed by a CVOB team at a non-university health system (2018–2019) were compared to 338 patients seen by cardiology prior to the program (2016–2017). CVOB patients were matched with comparison patients (controls) on modified World Health Organization (mWHO) category classification, yielding a cohort of 102 CVOB and 102 controls. Results: CVOB patients were more ethnically diverse and cardiovascular risk was higher compared to controls based on mWHO ≥ II-III (57% vs 17%) and. After matching, CVOB patients had more cardiology tests during pregnancy (median of 8 tests vs 5, p <.001) and were more likely to receive telemetry care (32% vs 19%, p =.025). The median number of perinatology visits was significantly higher in the CVOB group (8 vs 2, p <.001). Length of stay was a half day longer for vaginal delivery patients in the CVOB group (median 2.66 vs 2.13, p =.006). Conclusion: Implementation of a CVOB program resulted in a more diverse patient population than previously referred to cardiology. The CVOB program participants also experienced a higher level of care in terms of increased cardiovascular testing, monitoring, care from specialists, and appropriate use of medications during pregnancy.
Overcoming clozapine’s adverse events: a narrative review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Introduction: Clozapine is the gold standard treatment for treatment-resistant schizophrenia, however adverse events remain a clinical challenge. Areas covered: This review presents a narrative synthesis of systematic reviews and meta-analyses that have reported the onset, incidence, prevalence, and management of clozapine’s adverse events. We conducted a systematic literature search using PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, OvidMEDLINE, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews from inception to April 2024. Expert opinion: Effective management of clozapine’s adverse events necessitates multi-faceted, individualized, and shared-decision strategies. Despite a lack of high-quality systematic evidence, expert inter-disciplinary solutions are provided to help address a critical need for clinical guidance. This 35-year update offers an evidence-based framework to assist clinicians, patients, and caregivers navigate the adverse events associated with clozapine therapy.
D-Dimer Reference Range in Each Trimester of Pregnancy- A need to Detect Venous Thromboembolism of Pregnancy; Introduction: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is common in pregnant females but limitations of timely diagnosis, using non-invasive techniques, delays the diagnosis and cause increased morbidity. Inability to use radiological methods and physiological increase of D-dimer values in pregnancy inhibits the use of nonpregnant reference ranges of D-dimer. The Present study aims to develop a reference range for healthy pregnant women. Material and Method: Firstly, the normal non-pregnant reference range of D-dimer was established in laboratory. Using the strict exclusion criteria on 100 pregnant females, only 17 were included finally in study group. The preanalytical variables which can affect the D-dimer values were taken care. Four samples from each participant were drawn during each trimester, including 4 weeks post-partum. Results: A progressive increase in D-dimer was noted as the period of gestation increased followed by a fall at 4 weeks post-partum. The D-dimer values were statistically different from each other in all trimesters and postpartum. The 75th percentile of D dimer levels in all the three trimesters and at 4 weeks post-partum exceeded 255 ng/ml (the reference value given in kit insert). When these values were compared with the values from pregnant females with DVT in each trimester, it showed statistically significant difference with a pattern as Ddimer values were 5 times, 4 times and 3 times higher respectively in 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimester in pregnant women with DVT as compared to normal pregnancy values in our study. Conclusion: The normal D-dimer reference range of pregnancy if known can help to diagnose VTE.
Female-specific risk factors for cardiovascular disease: an update; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. While it was previously believed that men have greater susceptibility to CVD, recent research suggests that women face an increased risk of CVD after the onset of menopause, primarily due to the loss of the protective effects of estrogens. Premature ovarian insufficiency (POI), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and gestational factors, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and preeclampsia, are specific reproductive disorders that may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD at earlier ages, i.e., before the onset of menopause. This suggests that women with these conditions should be closely monitored for CVD risk factors even before reaching menopause. Such early intervention may help reduce the incidence of CVD and improve overall cardiovascular health in this population. The precise pathophysiological mechanism underlying the development of CVD in women with menopause, premature POI, PCOS, and gestational factors remains elusive. This review article seeks to elucidate the latest research on the relationship between these conditions and CVD in women, aiming to explore the underlying pathogenic mechanisms contributing to this association.
Human Genetics of Truncus Arteriosus; Integrated human genetics and molecular/developmental biology studies have revealed that truncus arteriosus is highly associated with 22q11.2 deletion syn-drome. Other congenital malformation syndromes and variants in genes encoding TBX, GATA, and NKX transcription factors and some signaling proteins have also been reported as its etiology.
Outcomes of Very Low Birth Weight Infants (<1.5 kg) and Preterm Infants (Gestational Age=32 Weeks) at tertiary care hospital in western Gujarat; Very low birth weight (VLBW) infants, constituting approximately 4‐8% of live births, account for a significant proportion of neonatal mortality. Both birth weight (BW) and gestational age (GA) are critical in determining neonatal outcomes, with lower values correlating with higher morbidity and mortality rates. This study investigates the mortality and morbidity rates among VLBW infants or those born at =32 weeks of gestation in the NICU, while exploring associated maternal risk factors. This prospective observational cohort study was conducted from January 1, 2017, to December 31, 2017. Data were collected on maternal demographics, antenatal care, mode of delivery, infant characteristics, and clinical outcomes including respiratory support, surfactant therapy and complications such as chronic lung disease (CLD), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC), and intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH). Definitions for clinical conditions were based on established criteria. The study included 307 VLBW infants or those born at =32 weeks. The overall mortality rate was 16%, with survival rates varying by GA: 68.1% for =28 weeks, 90.8% for 29‐32 weeks, and 94.7% for >32 weeks. The incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) was 9.1%, significantly lower than reported in other studies, which may be attributed to improved NICU practices. The incidence of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) was 30.2% and retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) requiring treatment was 16.2%. Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) was observed in 4.2% of the infants and the incidence of germinal matrix hemorrhage/intraventricular hemorrhage (GMH/IVH) was 15.6%. The average length of NICU stay was 34.8 days. The survival rate of VLBW infants improved with increasing birth weight and gender was not a significant mortality risk factor. The study highlights the impact of enhanced NICU practices on reducing BPD and NEC rates. These findings underscore the importance of continued advancements in neonatal care to improve outcomes for VLBW infants.
Left atrial strain assessment unveils left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates with transient tachypnea of the newborn: A prospective observational study; Introduction: An inadequate clearance of lung fluid plays a key role in the pathogenesis of transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN). Objectives: To evaluate if left ventricular diastolic dysfunction contributes to reduced clearance of lung fluid in TTN. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography and lung ultrasound were performed at 2, 24 and 48 h of life (HoL) to assess biventricular function and calculate lung ultrasound score (LUS). Left atrial strain reservoir (LASr) provided surrogate measurement of left ventricular diastolic function. Results: Twenty-seven neonates with TTN were compared with 27 controls with no difference in gestation (36.1 ± 2 vs. 36.9 ± 2 weeks) or birthweight (2508 ± 667 vs. 2718 ± 590 g). Biventricular systolic function was normal in both groups. LASr was significantly lower in cases at 2 (21.0 ± 2.7 vs. 38.1 ± 4.4; p < 0.01), 24 (25.2 ± 4.5 vs. 40.6 ± 4.0; p < 0.01) and 48 HoL (36.5 ± 5.8 and 41.6 ± 5.2; p < 0.01), resulting in a significant group by time interaction (p < 0.001), after adjusting for LUS and gestational diabetes. A logistic regression model including LUS, birth weight and gestational diabetes as covariates, showed that LASr at 2 HoL was a predictor of respiratory support at 24 HoL, with an adjusted odds ratio of 0.60 (CI 0.36–0.99). Conclusions: LASr was reduced in neonates with TTN, suggesting diastolic dysfunction, that may contribute to the delay in lung fluid clearance.
Impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes on brain vascular health and cognition; A State of the Art lecture titled “Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Brain Vascular Health and Cognition” was presented at the International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress in 2023. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, encompassing conditions such as gestational hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, stillbirth, and gestational diabetes, may form part of an underrecognized pathway from early adulthood reproductive health factors to later-life vascular cognitive impairment and dementia in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are caused by dysregulated vascular and metabolic adaptations during pregnancy, and these pathophysiological changes may persist after delivery. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may contribute to the increased risk of cognitive impairment and dementia directly through vascular and metabolic dysregulation and subsequent development of cardiovascular diseases, or other biological processes may be at play, such as shared maternal risk factors. Extensive epidemiologic evidence has shown that many cognitive impairment and dementia cases may be prevented or delayed by strategies targeting midlife cardiovascular health. Despite the recognized importance of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular health, the literature on associated long-term health outcomes is limited. In this State of the Art review article, we summarize the current epidemiologic evidence on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cognitive impairment and dementia and provide an overview of the potential pathophysiological mechanisms. Finally, we summarize relevant new data on this topic presented during the 2023 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis Congress.
Study of Normal and Abnormal Liquor Volume and Its Correlation with Perinatal Outcome; Background: Surrounding the developing embryo, amniotic fluid (AF) is essential to the correct development of the fetus. A decrease in the volume of amniotic fluid may be the initial sign of an illness in the mother or a fetal defect. This study compares and evaluates the perinatal outcomes for mothers whose amniotic fluid volume is abnormal or normal. Method: A prospective comparative study was conducted for a period of 8 months from September 2021 to April 2022. Group I consist of 50 patients with normal amniotic fluid and group II consists of 50 patients with either oligohydramnios or polyhydramnios. Amniotic fluid index (AFI) was calculated using Phalen’s four quadrant technique using ultrasound. The perinatal outcome was judged by assessing the fetal distress predicted by abnormal fetal heart rate (FHR) or meconium stained liquor, one minute and 5 minute Apgar score, frequency of admission to neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), baby weight of less than 10th percentile for gestation age and perinatal mortality. Results: In contrast to normal AFI subjects, patients in group II (abnormal AFI) were found to have higher rates of induction of labor, cesarean section, and meconium-stained liquor. Similarly, perinatal outcome measures such as low birth weight, increased frequency of NICU admission due to respiratory distress, and a low APGAR score were found to be more common in the abnormal AFI group, with the difference being found to be statistically significant. Conclusion: Women who require heightened antepartum surveillance for pregnancy difficulties can be identified with the aid of an AFI measurement during the antepartum or intrapartum period. These women should be treated in a dedicated unit to adequately address the complications.
Epicardial fat thickness in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and its association with N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide; OBJECTIVE: The female population with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a postpartum profile with increased cardiovascular (CV) risk factors and heightened prospective CV risk. Epicardial fat tissue was reported to be related to cardiometabolic diseases as metabolically active adipose tissue and natriuretic peptides (NPs) have been shown to have metabolic effects. This study’s aim was to determine the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and NPs in the female population diagnosed with GDM. PATIENTS AND METHODS: The study involved 161 pregnant women: 96 with GDM, and 65 healthy controls. GDM was diagnosed following the American Diabetes Association (2013) norms for diagnosing diabetes. All patients underwent echocardiography to measure EFT. N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and other parameters were quantified in blood samples. The Independent Samples t-test, Pearson’s correlation test, and a multivariable logistic regression analysis (LRA) were performed for statistical evaluation. A p-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: Fasting (91.46±14.29 mg/dl vs. 82.18±8.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), first-hour (202.30± 21.60 mg/dl vs. 161.57±16.21 mg/dl) (p<0.001), and second-hour (176.95±20.43 mg/dl vs. 130.93±16.95 mg/dl) glucose levels (p<0.001), fasting insulin level (14.54±3.50 mUL/mL vs. 11.51±2.04 mUL/mL; p<0.001), and Homeostatic Model Assessment for Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) value (3.28±0.99 vs. 2.31±0.45; p<0.0001) in GDM Group were significantly higher than Control Group. The GDM Group also had significantly increased EFT values compared to the Control Group (4.74±0.65 mm vs. 3.77±0.66 mm; p<0.0001), whereas NT-proBNP levels of diabetic women were considerably lower compared to controls (21.59±19.86 pg/ml vs. 39.74±33.96 pg/ ml; p<0.0001). In addition, EFT thickness and the NT-proBNP level were determined to be significantly negatively correlated (r=-32, p<0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: EFT evaluation might play a prognostic role in detecting cardiometabolic risk associated with potential disorders such as GDM. This study showed a potential interplay between epicardial adipose tissue and NPs secreted by cardiomyocytes and practical effects on fat metabolism in GDM subjects.
A Randomized Trial of the Efficacy of Three Weight Loss Diet Interventions in Overweight/Obese with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Background: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent, complex, heterogeneous, polygenic endocrine disorder characterized by metabolic and reproductive dysfunction that affects 8-13% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The pathogenesis of PCOS has not been fully clarified and includes genetics, obesity, and insulin resistance (IR). Oxidative stress (OS) of PCOS is independent of obesity. It can induce IR through post-insulin receptor defects, impair glucose uptake in muscle and adipose tissue, and exacerbate IR by reducing insulin secretion from pancreatic β-cells. Objective: To investigate the effects of Calorie Restricted Diet (CRD), High Protein Diet (HPD), and High Protein and High Dietary Fiber Diet (HPD+HDF) on body composition, insulin resistance, and oxidative stress in overweight/obese PCOS patients. Methods: A total of 90 overweight/obese patients with PCOS were selected to receive an 8-week medical nutrition weight loss intervention at our First Hospital of Peking University, and we randomly divided them into the CRD group (group A), the HPD group (group B), and the HPD+HDF group (group C), with 30 patients in each group. We measured their body composition, HOMA-IR index, and oxidative stress indicators. The t-test, Mann-Whitney U test, analysis of variance (ANOVA), and Kruskal-Wallis H test were used to compare the efficacy of the three methods. Results: After eight weeks, the body weights of the three groups decreased by 6.32%, 5.70% and 7.24%, respectively, and the Visceral Fat Area (VFA) values decreased by 6.8 cm2, 13.4 cm2 and 23.45 cm2, respectively, especially in group C (p <0.05). The lean body mass (LBM), also known as the Fat-Free Mass (FFM) values of group B and group C after weight loss, were higher than that of group A (p <0.05). After weight loss, the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index and malondialdehyde (MDA) were decreased. Superoxide dismutase (SOD) was increased in all three groups (p <0.05), and the changes in SOD and MDA in group B and group C were more significant (p <0.05). HOMA-IR index positively correlated with body mass index (BMI) (r=0.195; p <0.05); MDA positively correlated with per-cent of body fat (PBF) (r=0.186; p <0.05) and HOMA-IR index (r=0.422; p <0.01); SOD positively correlated with LMI/FFMI (r=0.195; p <0.05), negatively correlated with HOMA-IR index (r=-0.433; p <0.01). Conclusion: All three diets were effective in reducing the body weight of overweight/obese patients with PCOS by more than 5% within 8 weeks and could improve both insulin resistance and oxidative stress damage. Compared with CRD, HPD and HPD+HDF diets could better retain lean body mass and significantly improve oxidative stress damage.
A four-year-old girl with pathogenic variant in the NAA10 gene and precocious puberty – case report and literature review; The NAA10 gene encodes N-alpha-acetyltransferase 10 which plays an important role in cell growth, differentiation, DNA damage, metastasis, apoptosis, stress response and autophagy. Defects in the NAA10 gene correlate with the diagnosis of NAA10-related syndrome (Ogden syndrome). The most common symptoms of NAA10-related syndrome are: global developmental delay, non-verbal or limited speech, autism spectrum disorder, feeding difficulties, motor delay, muscle tone disturbances, and long QT syndrome. To-date, there are about 100 patients who have been reported with this condition. The case report presents the clinical study of a girl aged 4 years and 3 months diagnosed with Ogden syndrome. She had many characteristic features of the disorder, as well as precocious puberty. This girl represents the case of a patient with p.Arg83Cys mutation in NAA10 gene as well as precocious puberty.
SARS-CoV-2 anti-RBD and anti-N protein responses are differentially regulated between mother-child pairs: insight from a national study cohort at the Faroe Islands; Background: Knowledge about SARS-CoV-2 antibody dynamics in neonates and direct comparisons with maternal antibody responses are not well established. This study aimed to characterize and directly compare the maternal and infant antibody response in a national birth cohort from the Faroe Islands. Methods: The levels of immunoglobulins (Ig) targeting the receptor binding domain (RBD) of the spike protein and the nucleocapsid protein (N protein) of SARS-CoV-2 were investigated in maternal blood and umbilical cord blood from neonates. The study included 537 neonates and 565 mothers from the Faroe Islands, and follow-up samples were collected 12 months after birth. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess associations of maternal parameters with maternal and neonatal Ig levels and pregnancy outcomes. Results: The finding showed that neonates acquired varying levels of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies through transplacental transfer, and the levels were significantly influenced by the mother’s vaccination and infection status. The study also found that maternal vaccination and the presence of SARS-CoV-2 antibodies targeting spike RBD were associated with gestational age and APGAR scores. Furthermore, the anti-RBD and -N protein-specific antibody response dynamics during 12 months after birth exhibited differences between mothers and children. RBD and N protein responses were maintained at follow-up in the mother’s cohort, while only the N protein response was maintained at follow-up in the children’s cohort. Conclusion: In conclusion, SARS-CoV-2-specific immune responses in newborns rely on maternal immunity, while the persistence of SARS-CoV-2-specific Igs appears to be differently regulated between mothers and children. The study provides new insights into the dynamics of SARS-CoV-2-specific immune responses in newborns and underscores the nuanced relationship between maternal factors and neonatal humoral responses.
Impact of Maternal Prepregnancy Overweight and Obesity on Obstetric Outcome and Neonatal Outcome; Background: Obesity in pregnancy predisposed to various serious pregnancy complications and to higher long-term morbidity and mortality rates. Overweight and obese women have reproductive disadvantages. Obesity in pregnancy puts the mother and baby at the risk of several complications such as preeclampsia eclampsia, diabetes mellitus, preterm labour, Malpresentations, assisted vaginal delivery, instrumental delivery, elective caesarean delivery, shoulder dystocia, post-partum haemorrhage, pelvic infection and wound infection. Neonates of these mothers were mostly large for gestational age, macrosomia, congenital malformation particularly spina bifida, cleft lip and palate heart disease and still birth. Aim: To study the antenatal complications, obstetric outcome and neonatal outcome in overweight and obese women and women with normal BMI. Material & Method: Prospective comparative Study, done in 400 pregnant women attending Outpatient and Inpatient of Government Maternity Hospital, Tirupati for two years period. Results & Conclusion: In our study the numerous maternal and neonatal complications were observed among overweight and obese pregnant women which were a considerable challenge in obstetrics. In addition, overweight and obesity among women of reproductive age group was associated with a number of health risks factors. This shows the importance what we should give and what level of measures we should take to reduce the increasing incidence of obesity among reproductive women. The ideal time of intervention is before women become pregnancy, because it is not advised to reduce weight during pregnancy as it causes harm to both mother and baby. This shows the need of pre-pregnancy weight reduction and counseling to young reproductive women. Obese women, who became pregnant, should be aware of all risk that maternal obesity leads to during course of pregnancy and its adverse neonatal effect.
Comparative Study of Efficacy and Safety of Oral Nifedipine and Intravenous Labetalol for Hypertensive Emergencies in Pregnancy; Background: Hypertensive emergency in pregnancy is defined as per sistent acute-onset, severe hypertension (Systolic BP>160 mmHg or diastolic BP >110 mmHg or both) in the setting of preeclampsia or eclampsia. Objective: Compare safety and efficacy of oral nifedipine and intravenous labetalol for acute blood pressure control in hypertensive emergencies of pregnancy Study Design: a randomised comparative hospital based study conducted in Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, J.L.N Medical College, Bhagalpur from April 2020 to December 2020 in 80 women with hypertensive emergencies. Method: Divided into 2 groups of 40 each. Nifedipine group received 10mg tab every 20 min till maximum of 5 doses and labetalol group was given iv labetalol in escalating doses of 20, 40, 40, 80and 80mg every 20 min till a target BP was achieved. Results: In our study, mean time required to achieve target BP in nifedipine and labetalol group was 4514.84 and 54+18.22 minutes (p value 0.018) respectively. Mean decrease in SBP after treatment was 59 ± 21.1 mmHg in Nifedipine group as compared to 42.25 ± 22.7 mmHg in Labetalol (p-value = 0.001). Also the mean decrease in DBP in nifedipine group was 37.5 ± 11.49mmHg as compared to 27.75 ± 15.34 mmHg in labetalol group (p-value = 0.001). There were no significant differences between side effects and fetomaternal outcome. Conclusion: Oral Nifedipine controls hypertension more rapidly and with fewer doses and is as safe as iv Labetalol.
A STUDY OF MULLERIAN ANOMALIES IN PREGNANCY: CASE SERIES IN A TERTIARY CARE CENTRE; Background: Mullerian duct anomalies occur due to the abnormal fusion and canalisation of the mullerian (paramesonephric) duct. In mullerian anomalies uterine anomalies are the most common anomalies. Mullerian anomalies occur in 3-4% of population. Mullerian anomalies have low prevalence as they often remain asymptomatic and undiagnosed. Women with uterine anomalies are associated with a higher incidence of infertility, recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL), preterm labour, FGR, PROM, Malpresentations, retained placenta and increased caesarean section rate. This case series aimed to summarize the prevalence of mullerian anomalies, maternal and perinatal outcome of pregnancy in women with mullerian anomalies. Materials and Methods: This was a case series conducted in tertiary care centre, Government General Hospital, Guntur over a period of seven months (June 2023 to December 2023). Ethical approval was obtained from institutional ethical committee. Out of all the total deliveries, 14 cases of uterine anomalies were studied, either diagnosed before or during pregnancy or as an incidental finding during caesarean section. All detailed data such as demographic data, maternal age, parity, mode of delivery, obstetrical history, obstetric outcome, and foetal outcome were recorded. Results: In our hospital out of 3680 deliveries,14 pregnancies were identified to have mullerian anomalies. The prevalence of mullerian anomalies in our study was 0.3%. All the cases have undergone caesarean sections. Preterm labour, malpresentations especially breech presentation and foetal growth restriction were common in the study. Conclusion: Mullerian anomalies are asymptomatic or often have subtle gynaecological symptoms. Pregnancy with uterine anomalies have an adverse obstetric outcome and hence require proper counselling and close monitoring during antenatal period and during labour. Asymptomatic course, lack of MRI, and less preference for HSG as it is an invasive procedure are the causes of low rate of pre conceptional diagnosis.
Factors associated with depression during pregnancy in women receiving high- and low-risk prenatal care: a predictive model; Introduction: Depression during pregnancy can put strain on pregnant women’s interpersonal relationships, the formation of emotional bonds with the fetus, and the adaptation to the new routine and social role post-pregnancy. Some studies have associated socioeconomic factors, emotional factors, interpersonal relationships, perceived social support, gestational risk, and the occurrence of certain diseases during pregnancy with higher risk of depression. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of depression during pregnancy and associated factors in low- and high-risk prenatal patients at a Brazilian university hospital. Methods: This study presents a retrospective and prospective cross-sectional design. A total of 684 prenatal psychological analysis records from a Brazilian tertiary university service were retrospectively evaluated to assess depression through the PRIME-MD questionnaire between 2002–2017. Between 2017 and 2018, 76 patients treated at the same service were prospectively evaluated with the aforementioned instrument. Medical records were accessed to obtain labor and birth data. Multivariate analyses assessed the association between sociodemographic, gestational or obstetric, and health variables and the presence of depression during pregnancy. Results: A total of 760 pregnant women were included in the study, with a depression prevalence of 20.66% (n = 157). At the time of assessment, 48 (21.05%) women from the low-risk pregnancy group and 109 (20.49%) from the high-risk pregnancy group were depressed. The mean age was 30.01 ± 6.55 years in the group with depression and 29.81 ± 6.50 years in the group without depression. In the univariate analysis, there was an association of risk for depression with absence of paid work, absence of a partner, low family income and diagnosis of epilepsy, being a protective factor the presence of diabetes during pregnancy. However, in the multivariate analysis, a lower family income, not having a partner at the time of the assessment, and the prevalence of epilepsy were independently associated with an increased risk of depression during pregnancy. Conclusion: This study showed that 1 in 5 women had depression during pregnancy, with no association with obstetric risk, but those women living in unfavorable economic conditions, without a partner, and having epilepsy were at increased risk of depression.
Preferred lifestyle intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of postpartum women following cardiometabolic pregnancy complications; Background: Women with cardiometabolic pregnancy complications are at increased risk of future diabetes and heart disease which can be reduced through lifestyle management postpartum. Objectives: This study aimed to explore preferred intervention characteristics and behaviour change needs of women with or without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications for engaging in postpartum lifestyle interventions. Design: Quantitative cross-sectional study. Methods: Online survey. Results: Overall, 473 women were included, 207 (gestational diabetes (n = 105), gestational hypertension (n = 39), preeclampsia (n = 35), preterm birth (n = 65) and small for gestational age (n = 23)) with and 266 without prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications. Women with and without complications had similar intervention preferences, with delivery ideally by a healthcare professional with expertise in women’s health, occurring during maternal child health nurse visits or online, commencing 7 weeks to 3 months post birth, with 15- to 30-min monthly sessions, lasting 1 year and including monitoring of progress and social support. Women with prior complications preferred intervention content on women’s health, mental health, exercise, mother’s diet and their children’s health and needed to know more about how to change behaviour, have more time to do it and feel they want to do it enough to participate. There were significant differences between groups, with more women with prior cardiometabolic pregnancy complications wanting content on women’s health (87.9% vs 80.8%, p = 0.037), mother’s diet (72.5% vs 60.5%, p = 0.007), preventing diabetes or heart disease (43.5% vs 27.4%, p < 0.001) and exercise after birth (78.3% vs 68.0%, p = 0.014), having someone to monitor their progress (69.6% vs 58.6%, p = 0.014), needing the necessary materials (47.3% vs 37.6%, p = 0.033), triggers to prompt them (44.0% vs 31.6%, p = 0.006) and feeling they want to do it enough (73.4%, 63.2%, p = 0.018). Conclusion: These unique preferences should be considered in future postpartum lifestyle interventions to enhance engagement, improve health and reduce risk of future cardiometabolic disease in these high-risk women.
Impact of maternal diabetes mellitus on fetal atrial strain; While Maternal Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is well known to affect the size and function of multiple fetal organ systems, effects on developing heart chamber function remain difficult to assess. We sought to determine the independent impact of maternal DM on fetal cardiac function in middle pregnancy. We prospectively recruited mothers with all categories of DM and non-diabetic healthy controls (NDC). Echocardiograms were optimized for chamber quantification and strain analysis. Left atrial area (LAA), LA strain (LAS), right atrial strain (RAS), global longitudinal ventricular strain (GLS) and Right ventricular free wall strain (RV FWS) were evaluated by 2 blinded operators. After excluding 9 mothers with poor fetal image quality, images from 104 mothers with DM and 47 NDC were analyzed. Mothers with DM and NDCs were well matched for age, blood pressure, smoking prevalence, and gestational age. Fetal heart rate (FHR) was significantly higher in fetuses of mothers with DM compared to NDC (147 ± 10 bpm vs. 144 ± 8, p = 0.04). LAA in fetuses of mothers with DM trended towards being larger in size (1.68 ± 0.4cm2 vs. 1.56 ± 0.4cm2, p = 0.08). Fetal septal diameters were larger in maternal DM compared to NDC (2.7 ± 0.5 cm vs. 2.5 ± 0.5 cm, p = 0.001). GLS was similar between the groups. Fetal LAS was lower in maternal DM (28.8 ± 8.8% vs. 33.3 ± 10.4%, p = 0.007) and was independently associated with maternal DM after adjusting for GLS and FHR. Fetal RAS was lower in maternal DM (27.7 ± 10.4% vs. 31.8 ± 10.3%, p = 0.007), however only determinates were estimated fetal weight and RV FWS. Maternal DM independently impairs fetal LA function in mid pregnancy. These early functional changes in the developing heart warrant future studies investigating impact on cardiovascular health.
The infants’ gut microbiome: setting the stage for the early onset of obesity; In the past three decades, dietary and lifestyle changes worldwide have resulted in a global increase in the prevalence of obesity in both adults and children. Known to be highly influenced by genetic, environmental and lifestyle factors, obesity is characterized by a low-grade chronic inflammation that contributes to the development of other metabolic diseases such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recently, the gut microbiome has been added as a cause/contributor to the development of obesity. As differences in the microbiome between obese and normoweight individuals have been observed, we set out to determine whether infants harbor an obesogenic microbiome early on and whether the pre-pregnancy status of the mother (obese or normoweight) is correlated to their infant’s microbiome composition. Using shotgun sequencing, we analyzed stool samples throughout the first year of life from infants born to obese (n = 23 participants, m = 104 samples) and normoweight (n = 23 participants, m = 99 samples) mothers. We found that the infants’ microbiome diversity at taxonomic and functional levels was significantly influenced by time (ANOVA p < 0.001) but not by the mother’s pre-pregnancy status. Overall, no deterministic succession of taxa or functions was observed. However, infants born to obese mothers were found to have a significantly higher Bacillota/Bacteroidota ratio (p = 0.02) at six months, were significantly depleted from six months old of the well-established obesity biomarkers Akkermansia municiphila and Faecalibacterium prausnitzii (p < 0.01), and were at one week old, significantly enriched in pathways such as the UDP-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine biosynthesis II (p = 0.02) involved in leptin production, suggesting perhaps that there may exist some underlying mechanisms that dictate the development of an obesogenic microbiota early on.
A PROSPECTIVE, OBSERVATIONAL STUDY TO UNDERSTAND THE DRUG USAGE COMPOSITION OF ANTI-DIABETIC MEDICATIONS IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus is a pandemic disease that has struck each and every corner of the world. According to the Indian Council of Medical Research-Indian Diabetes study (ICMR), a national diabetes study, India currently has 62.4 million people with diabetes. This is set to increase to over 100 million by 2030. The prevalence of diabetes among adults has reached approximately 20% in urban and approximately 10% in rural populations in India. Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was carried out for a period of 1 year from January 2023 to December 2023 at Department of General Medicine, Tagore Medical College Hospital, Rathinamangalam, Melakottaiyur, Chennai. A total of 1113 patients were screened, from which 138 cases of DM aged between 20 to 80 yrs. Who were under treatment and following life style modification and diet advice were included in the study. Majority of the patients belonged to low and middle socioeconomic groups. Patients not willing for informed consent, those with diabetic complications and serious medical conditions requiring subsequent hospital admissions, prediabetic status, Gestational Diabetes were excluded from the study. Results: The prevalence was about 6.19% and 68.11% of them were 40-60 years of age. Metformin was the most commonly prescribed drug and 21.74% of patients were on monotherapy. Glimepiride and Metformin (33.33%) was the mostly used oral combination followed by Glibenclamide and Metformin (8.69%). Inj. Human Mix insulin with Metformin was used in 27.53%. 15.94% of patients were on statins. The most common comorbid condition was hypertension (21.73%) followed by dyslipidaemia (8.6%). Conclusion: With increasing prevalence of the disease, this study provides an insight to create awareness about the drug usage among rural population. OADs are still the predominantly prescribed drugs, but there was a shift towards the use of insulin in the management of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. Intensification of current drug treatment as well as planning multiple drug interventions with lifestyle modification is necessary. Metformin is the most commonly used drug and among the sulfonylureas Glimepiride is the most commonly used.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancy at Tertiary Care Centre in Rural Karnataka; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a condition in pregnancy where adverseperinatal outcomes in mother occurs.Effect of longstanding diabetesmellitus on adult heart might lead to dysfunction and diabeticcardiomyopathy. Microvascular processes and subcellular disturbancescause structural and functional damage to the diabetic heart, even without overt coronary artery disease.GDM patients might have impaired cardiacfunctions compared to healthy pregnant women. Objective: In view of this, this study was undertaken to assess the Maternal cardiac adaptation of women at term with and without GDM. Methods: A prospective study was conducted among 60 pregnant women, 30 with GDM and 30 without GDMduring2022 to2023admitted inthe department of obstetrics and gynaecology at Adichunchanagiri Institute of Medical Sciences, B.G Nagara, Karnataka. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in echocardiogenic findings of both groups. Results revealed that echocardiogenic parameters, including normal heart rate, left ventricular relative wall thickness, LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity, Ejection fraction >60%,Pulmonary artery systolic pressure,IVC findings,regionalwall motion abnormality are normal.These findings suggest that diabetesdonot appear to have impact on echocardiac measures compared to normalANC women. Conclusion: These results suggest that during pregnancy the presence ofgestational diabetes maynot impact cardiac function compared to normalantenatal women.
Study of Proportion of Cardiovascular Complications in Young Onset Type 2 Diabetes: Cross-Sectional Study in Tertiary Care Hospital South Gujarat; Background: Early-onset type 2 diabetes in adults is associated with more progressive cardiovascular disease than late-onset type 2 diabetes. The correlation between diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) is well established, with CVD being the leading cause of death among individuals with diabetes. Young-onset diabetes is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular and microvascular complications. This study aimed to assess the prevalence of cardiovascular complications in individuals with early-onset type 2 diabetes. Methods: This observational study was conducted on 100 adult patients diagnosed with diabetes based on ADA criteria. Blood and urine investigations were performed, and cardiovascular abnormalities were evaluated using electrocardiography and echocardiography. Data were analyzed using Epi Info and descriptive statistics, including means and percentages, were calculated. Results: The mean duration of diabetes among the participants was 2.97 ± 1.64 years. Overweight status was observed in 49% of the patients, with 30% classified as having grade I obesity. Myocardial infarction was present in 15% of the patients with diabetes, while 9% had metabolic syndrome. Polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, hypothyroidism, smoking, and alcohol use were reported in 3%, 6%, 6%, 21%, and 3% of the patients, respectively. Electrocardiogram findings were normal in 82% of the patients, with 6% showing left ventricular hypertrophy along with ST depression and T inversion. Conclusion: The study concludes that myocardial infarction is a prevalent cardiac complication in early-onset diabetes mellitus. Male sex, metabolic syndrome, and elevated triglyceride and cholesterol levels are significant factors associated with myocardial infarction in early-onset type 2 diabetes. Screening and appropriate treatment are recommended for these patients.
ORAL PRESENTATION ABSTRACTS; Objectives: This study investigated the effect of aerobic exercise on serum irisin, preptin levels in overweight women and their relationship with routine biochemical tests. Methods: The study included 25 healthy controls and 25 overweight sedentary women (BMI>25). The exercise training was performed 3 days a week for 12 weeks. Anthropometric measurements were performed and fasting blood samples were collected before and after exercise period. All samples were centrifuged at 1500xg for 10 minutes and the serum was separated. Serum irisine and preptin levels were analyzed by ELISA method. Routine biochemical parameters were assayed by spectrophotometric, hsCRP levels by nephelometric and insulin levels by immunoassay method using auto analyzers. Results: There was a significant decrease in BMI and fat mass in the post-exercise group compared with pre-exercise (p<0.001). Serum irisin levels were significantly lower in pre- and post-exercise group compared to controls (p<0.001), but no significant change was observed after exercise period. Preptin levels were significantly higher in the pre-exercise group (median/IQR, 558.2 /351,2-756,8 pg/ml) compared to the controls (median / IQR, 137.1/85.2-427.9 pg/ ml), and significantly reduced in post-exercise group (medium/IQR, 243.1/179.2-330 pg/ml) compared to pre-exercise group. In the pre-exercise group, a significant negative correlation was observed between irisin and body mass index (r=-0.443, p=0,027), while a positive correlation was found between preptin and body weight (r=0.438, p=0.029). Conclusions: Twelve weeks of aerobic exercise in overweight sedentary women has lowering effect on serum preptin levels but no effect on serum irisin levels.
Risk Factors and Clinical Features of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in a Chinese Population; Purpose: We investigated the risk factors and characteristic clinical features of peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) to lay the groundwork for early identification, screening, diagnosis, and intervention in high-risk pregnant women. Patients and methods: A retrospective case-control study was conducted to analyze data from 44 patients with PPCM and 226 normal pregnant women from a Chinese population. Results: Significant differences were found between the groups in terms of various factors such as age, body mass index (BMI), heart rate, and medical history. Logistic regression models identified abnormal electrocardiography (OR=18.852), upper respiratory tract infection (OR=41.822), gestational hypertension (OR=18.188), and cesarean section ( OR=8.394) as risk factors for PPCM. Common clinical features observed in patients with PPCM included cough, wheezing, and chest tightness (68.18%), left heart enlargement (56.82%) and valvular insufficiency (81.82%). Additionally, cardiotropic virus was detected in a subset of patients (43.18%) and NT-proBNP was elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL (81.82%). Conclusion: In the Chinese population, the presence of abnormal electrocardiograms during pregnancy, history of upper respiratory tract infection, gestational hypertension, and maternal choice of cesarean section suggest the possibility of PPCM development. Factors such as advanced age, family history of cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, eclampsia, anemia, and hypoproteinemia should be considered. Clinically, patients present with cough, wheezing, chest tightness, enlarged left heart, valvular insufficiency and NT-proBNP elevated ≥ 400 pg/mL. This study could serve as a valuable reference for medical practitioners for the early identification and screening of patients with PPCM.
Australian burden of disease study: health equity through data disaggregation; This paper underscores the imperative for enhanced data disaggregation within the Australian Burden of Disease Studies (ABDS). While the ABDS offers a detailed assessment of disease burden, it falls short in providing systematic, disaggregated data–key to equitable healthcare and informed policymaking. Given Australia’s rich linguistic, ethnic, and cultural tapestry, aggregated health data often obscures the true extent of health disparities among diverse groups. The absence of detailed health data can precipitate unforeseen inequities with profound societal repercussions, including social unrest, diminished trust in healthcare and governance, economic downturns, educational gaps, mental health crises, political challenges, and stigmatisation. Such disparities undermine confidence in health systems and advisories, potentially fostering scepticism towards official health communications. Health disparities can lead to economic inadequacies, inflated healthcare expenditures, and stunted economic growth. Communities suffering from poor health are economically disadvantaged, and unexpected health inequities can derail educational achievements, particularly for students from underprivileged backgrounds who may face additional obstacles due to health-related absences or resource scarcity. The mental health burden from health disparities can escalate community-wide psychological distress, manifesting in heightened depression, anxiety, and trauma rates. The stigmatisation of certain groups exacerbates societal divisions and impedes unity. Politically, health inequities demand attention, with leaders facing scrutiny over their handling of these issues. Nevertheless, such challenges can catalyse community solidarity and advocacy for systemic change, fostering resilience. Addressing these disparities necessitates a comprehensive strategy encompassing disaggregated data access, equitable healthcare provision, policy reform, and community involvement. The ABDS 2023 report that Australians lost 5.6 million years of potential healthy life, with chronic disease imposing a more significant toll than premature mortality. The primary contributors to this burden were cancers, mental health conditions, and substance abuse disorders. However, this collective data fails to illuminate the disparate disease impacts on culturally, ethnically, and linguistically diverse populations. The ABD Study highlighted that in 2018, Indigenous Australians lost nearly 240,000 years of healthy life due to illness and early death, equating to 289 years per 1,000 individuals. Conditions like diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, renal disorders, strokes, and respiratory issues were more prevalent among individuals with limited English proficiency compared to fluent speakers. Gestational diabetes rates were notably higher in South Asian, Vietnamese, and African migrants compared to the native-born populace. The article emphasises the critical role of disaggregated health data in shaping effective health policies, optimising resource allocation, and promoting equitable health outcomes aligned with the Sustainable Development Goals. It advocates for integrating such data in public health practices to mitigate health disparities and enhance the welfare of all Australians. Ensuring the widespread availability of legally mandated disaggregated health data is vital for identifying, monitoring, and addressing health disparities within Australia’s multicultural society.
Analysis of CTG patterns in cases with metabolic acidosis at birth with and without neonatal neurological alterations; Objective: To determine cardiotocographic patterns in newborns with metabolic acidosis, based on clinical signs of neurological alteration (NA) and the need for hypothermic treatment. Methods: All term newborns with metabolic acidosis in a single center from 2016 to 2020 were included in the study. Three segments of intrapartum CTG (cardiotocography) were considered (first 30 min of active labor, 90 to 30 min before birth, and last 30 min before delivery) and a longitudinal analysis of CTG pattern was performed according to the 2015 FIGO classification. Results: Three hundred and twenty-four neonates with metabolic acidosis diagnosed at birth were divided into three groups: the first group included all neonates with any clinical sign of neurological alteration, requiring hypothermia according to the recommendation of the Italian Society of Neonatology (group TNA—Treated neurological Alteration, n = 17), the second encompassed neonates with any clinical sign of neurological alteration not requiring hypothermia (group NTNA—Not Treated neurological Alteration, n = 83), and the third enclosed all neonates without any sign of clinical neurological involvement (group NoNA—No neurological Alteration, n = 224). The most frequent alterations of CTG in TNA group were late decelerations, reduced variability, bradycardia, and tachysystole. Unexpectedly, from the longitudinal analysis of the CTG, 49% of all cases with metabolic acidosis never showed a pathological CTG with normal trace at the beginning of labor followed by normal or suspicious trace in the final part of labor, the same as in TNA and NTNA groups (10 and 39%, respectively). Conclusions: CTG has limited specificity in identifying cases of acidosis at birth, even in babies who will develop NA.
STUDY OF MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOME IN PREGNANT WOMEN WITH THYROID DISORDERS.; Introduction: Thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy is one of the most prominent endocrinological disorders after diabetes mellitus. Physiological changes in thyroid status and non-adaptation to these changes during pregnancy leads to imbalance in thyroid hormones. Aim & Objective: To study the maternal and foetal outcome. To reduce maternal and fetal complications by evaluating TSH,T3,T4. Materials and Methods: A Prospective Study conducted on pregnant women with thyroid dysfunction. Data of maternal and fetal out come collected. Results:100 pregnant women with thyroid dysfunction during the study.95 had high TSH and 5 low TSH. Mean maternal age was 25.89 years. 43% Primi gravida and 57 % multigravida.64% of hypothyroid pregnant women are overweight and obese.52% had previous history of thyroid dysfunction. The mean gestational age of delivery was 37.5 weeks, spontaneous vaginal birth 46%, assisted vaginal delivery 2%,LSCS 52% Outcome of pregnancy in thyroid dysfunction was pre-eclampsia 20% abruptio placenta 6% gestational diabetes mellitus 6% abortion 3% oligohydramnios 13% IUGR 23.8% preterm delivery 47%. Foetal outcome low birthweight 37%, foetal distress 31.7%, NICU admissions 12.9%, stillbirth 5%, and neonatal death 5.9%. Conclusion: Universal screening for thyroid disorders is recommended for all women in the pre-conception period or in early pregnancy. Early diagnosis and treatment with regular followup to ensure favourable maternal and foetal outcomes.
Diabetes in pregnancy and offspring cardiac function: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with impaired offspring cardiac function. The objective of this systematic review was to determine the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on cardiac function in the offspring measured by echocardiography. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane CENTRAL and Web of Science databases were searched from 1992 to June 27, 2023. Studies reporting offspring (age < 18 years) cardiac function by echocardiography compared between any type of diabetes in pregnancy and healthy control pregnancies were included. Study selection, quality assessment and risk of bias was independently performed by two reviewers. Meta-analyses was performed where possible. Results: Thirty-one observational studies were included 1,679 cases and 2,694 controls. In the first week of life (23 studies, n = 2,663), intraventricular septum diastolic diameter (hypertrophy) was increased, while myocardial performance index (global function) and LV E/A-ratio (diastolic function) were decreased. No difference was found for left ventricular ejection fraction (systolic function). At 1–6 months (4 studies, n = 454) studies found hypertrophy, and decreased global function, but no difference in systolic or diastolic function. At 1–8 years (7 studies, n = 1,609) no difference was found. The available data did not allow for sub-analysis based on the type of diabetes, treatment, or glycemic control. Conclusions: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and impaired global cardiac function in infants up to six months old. The few studies reporting on older children found no difference in the parameters investigated. Longitudinal studies employing more advanced echocardiographic measures or MRI are needed to evaluate consequences for long-term cardiac health. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/, identifier (CRD42022312471).
Retrospective analysis of the effect of SGLT-2 inhibitors on renal function in patients with type 2 diabetes in the real world; Introduction: The protective effect of sodium–glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitors on the kidneys has been widely recognized. However, limited research has reported the changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of real-world patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) over time after administration of SGLT-2 inhibitors. This study aimed to reflect the trend of eGFR changes over time in T2DM patients having different baseline eGFR after SGLT-2 inhibitors administration in the real world. Methods: A single-center retrospective study was performed in a tertiary public hospital in Beijing, China. In total, 998 outpatients with T2DM who initiated SGLT-2 inhibitors treatment were included in the study. The changes in eGFR, urinary albumin/creatinine ratio (UACR), and glycolipid metabolism indicators were analyzed during the 18-month follow-up period. Results: The eGFR levels significantly decreased to their lowest point (−3.04 mL/min/1.73 m2) in the first 3 months after initiation of SGLT-2 inhibitors treatment, however, gradually returned to the baseline level after 1 year. Compared to the subgroup with eGFR >90 mL/min/1.73 m2, improvements in renal function were more significant in patients with T2DM from the 60 < eGFR ≤90 mL/min/1.73 m2 and eGFR ≤60 mL/min/1.73 m2 subgroups after treatment with SGLT-2 inhibitors. Similarly, SGLT-2 inhibitors reduced the UACR in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Conclusion: This study further confirmed the real-world long-term protective effect of SGLT-2 inhibitors on the kidneys of patients with T2DM, which is not related to baseline renal function and blood glucose.
Low circulating levels of neuregulin 4 as a potential biomarker associated with the severity and prognosis of obesity-related metabolic diseases: a systematic review; Background: Neuregulin 4 (Nrg4) is a brown adipose tissue-derived adipokine that greatly affects systemic metabolism and improves metabolic derangements. Although abnormal circulating levels of Nrg4 are common in obesity, it remains elusive whether low or elevated levels of this batokine are associated with the onset of metabolic diseases. Aim: To assess Nrg4 levels and its role as a feasible biomarker to predict the severity of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Methods: A search for relevant studies was performed systematically using prominent search engines, including PubMed, Google Scholar, and Embase, by following PRISMA guidelines. Results: Ample clinical evidence reported low serum/plasma levels of Nrg4 in obesity and these were inversely proportional to the indices of metabolic syndrome, including body mass index, waist circumference, triglycerides, fasting plasma glucose, and homoeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance as well as high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Low circulating Nrg4 levels may aid in the prediction of morbid obesity, and subsequent GDM, T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD. Conclusion: Current clinical evidence emphasizes that the circulating levels of Nrg4 are decreased in morbid obesity, and it also highlights that Nrg4 May serve as a potential prognostic biomarker for obesity-related metabolic diseases.
Associations between first-trimester screening biomarkers and maternal characteristics with gestational diabetes mellitus in Chinese women; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can result in adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Predicting those at high risk of GDM and early interventions can reduce the development of GDM. The aim of this study was to examine the associations between first-trimester prenatal screening biomarkers and maternal characteristics in relation to GDM in Chinese women. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of singleton pregnant women who received first-trimester aneuploidy and preeclampsia screening between January 2019 and May 2021. First-trimester prenatal screening biomarkers, including pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A), free beta-human chorionic gonadotropin, and placental growth factor (PLGF), along with maternal characteristics, were collected for analysis in relation to GDM. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and logistic regression analyses were used to evaluate variables associated with GDM. Results: Of the 1452 pregnant women enrolled, 96 developed GDM. PAPP-A (5.01 vs. 5.73 IU/L, P < 0.001) and PLGF (39.88 vs. 41.81 pg/mL, P = 0.044) were significantly lower in the GDM group than in the non-GDM group. The area under the ROC curve of combined maternal characteristics and biomarkers was 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.68–0.79, P < 0.001). The formula for predicting GDM was as follows: P = 1/[1 + exp (-8.148 + 0.057 x age + 0.011 x pregestational body mass index + 1.752 x previous GDM history + 0.95 x previous preeclampsia history + 0.756 x family history of diabetes + 0.025 x chronic hypertension + 0.036 x mean arterial pressure - 0.09 x PAPP-A - 0.001 x PLGF)]. Logistic regression analysis revealed that higher pregestational body mass index (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.03, 95% CI 1.01 - 1.06, P = 0.012), previous GDM history (aOR 9.97, 95% CI 3.92 - 25.37, P < 0.001), family history of diabetes (aOR 2.36, 95% CI 1.39 - 4.02, P = 0.001), higher mean arterial pressure (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 1.07 - 1.27, P < 0.001), and lower PAPP-A level (aOR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83 - 1.00, P = 0.040) were independently associated with the development of GDM. The Hosmer-Lemeshow test demonstrated that the model exhibited an excellent discrimination ability (chi-square = 3.089, df = 8, P = 0.929). Conclusion: Downregulation of first-trimester PAPP-A and PLGF was associated with the development of GDM. Combining first-trimester biomarkers with maternal characteristics could be valuable for predicting the risk of GDM.
Predictive Value of Serum Immune-Inflammatory Markers for Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Pregnant Women with Thrombophilia: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: Thrombophilia combined with pregnancy poses significant risks for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Unfortunately, there are no indicators at high risk for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study investigates the predictive efficiency of serum immune-inflammatory markers on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This retrospective cohort study includes 223 pregnant women diagnosed with thrombophilia who delivered at the Fujian Provincial Hospital South Branch from January 2022 to April 2024. Clinical information and pregnancy outcomes were collected. The systemic immune-inflammation index (SII), systemic inflammation response index (SIRI), and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) were calculated using blood samples. The relationship and predictive accuracy between immune-inflammatory markers and adverse pregnancy outcomes were analyzed. Results: In this study, 50 (22.4%) patients had adverse pregnancy outcomes. Significant differences were observed in neutrophils counts, monocytes counts, LDH, SII, and SIRI levels between the adverse pregnancy outcome groups (APOs) and the control groups (P<0.05). The area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis revealed that SII (AUC=0.762), SIRI (AUC=0.764), and LDH (AUC=0.732) had high predictive values for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Notably, the combined model had the highest AUC of 0.805. Multivariate logistic regression identified SII had the highest odd ratio (OR) (OR=8.512; 95% CI (3.068–23.614)), followed by LDH (OR=4.905; 95% CI (1.167–11.101)), SIRI (OR=3.549; 95% CI(0.847–8.669)), and neutrophils count (OR=1.726; 95% CI (0.563–2.938)) as independent risk factors for adverse outcomes. Conclusion: Elevated levels of immune-inflammatory markers such as SII, SIRI, and LDH level are strong predictors of adverse pregnancy outcomes in thrombophilia-complicated pregnancies. These markers are significantly associated with maternal-neonatal outcomes. Our findings underscore the importance of monitoring immune-inflammatory markers in pregnant women with thrombophilia to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Clinical Profile of Obstetric Admission in a Tertiary Care Intensive Care Centre in Northern India; Obstetric critical care and interventions in intensive care unit (ICU) can improve the maternal outcome. ICU admission is on rise in pregnant women due to factors including increasing maternal age, increasing caesarean rates, levels of obesity and other comorbidities. We retrospectively studied the peripartum admissions (pregnant or within 6‐weeks postpartum) in obstetric ICU in SMGS hospital, GMC Jammu over a period of one year (from Jan, 2023 to Dec, 2023) in terms of demography, diagnosis and comorbidities at time of admission, length of stay, ICU care and interventions given, outcome and ICU admission rate. Their mean age was 30.12±5.0 years. Out of 23804 obstetric admissions during the study period, a total of 305 patients were admitted to ICU with 1.28% as the rate of ICU admission. 42.47% had an obstetric cause of admission, whereas 14.1% had a non‐obstetric cause of admission in the ICU. Among obstetric causes, obstetric hemorrhage was seen in 42.47% cases followed by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in 29.77% cases and sepsis in 17.93% cases. Among non‐obstetric causes, anemia was prevalent in 7.2% followed by epilepsy in 3.9%, cardiac disorders in 1.3% and others (like chronic or acute renal failure, Diabetes) in 1.3% cases. Average stay in the ICU was 6.9±3.99 days. As intervention, 84.59% patients required blood or blood product transfusion followed by 35.08% requiring mechanical ventilation and 20% requiring ianotropic support. Out of 20 patients died, 7 (35%) died of complications of obstetrics hemorrhage while 8 (40%) died of complications of hypertensive disorder sequele. The data revealed that ICU admissions is common in old age (>30 years), multigravidae with caesareans as a more common mode of delivery. The leading cause of admission was obstetrics hemorrhage followed by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as the major cause of admission. The majority of patients required blood or blood products transfusions, mechanical ventilation, vasopressors Notably, the majority died of complications of obstetrics hemorrhage while followed by complications of hypertensive disorder sequele.
Umbilical Vascular Thromboembolism: High-Risk Factors, Diagnosis, Management, and Pregnancy Outcomes: A Scoping Review; Umbilical vascular thromboembolism is a rare condition that can lead to serious consequences such as fetal hypoxia, fetal growth restriction, and even stillbirth. However, there is currently a lack of research on the pathology, pathogenesis, clinical management, and prognosis of this condition. Therefore, the purpose of this article is to analyze this condition’s high-risk factors, clinical characteristics, pregnancy management, and discuss its corresponding pregnancy outcomes. Databases such as PubMed are searched using the relevant keywords of umbilical vascular thromboembolism in worldwide. And related information is analyzed such as maternal risk factors, fetal risk factors, umbilical cord and placental risk factors, and pregnancy outcomes. The literature search yields 113 articles, 64 of which meet the inclusion criteria for umbilical vascular thromboembolism. There are 4 retrospective cohort studies and 8 case series, the rest are all case reports. A total of 262 cases of umbilical vascular thromboembolism are found. The most common maternal complications and fetal related risk factors are diabetes (25 cases, 9.5%) and stillbirths (106 cases, 40.5%), respectively. Among these 262 cases, 98 (37.4%) cases are found by prenatal ultrasound to have umbilical vascular thromboembolism and the fetus is in a viable state with complete clinical information. In addition, considering the effectiveness and safety of low molecular weight heparin in thromboembolic conditions, twenty-four patients of umbilical artery thromboembolism attempted to use low molecular weight heparin during observation. Maternal diabetes was the highest risk factor for this condition. When umbilical artery thromboembolism occurs, the incidence of stillbirth increases. Premature patients with this condition can continue their pregnancy under close external monitoring. However, due to the small sample size, further research is needed.
FETAL GROWTH RESTRICTION IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS: FROM PATHOGENESIS TO MANAGEMENT TACTICS; This review presents the new scientific data on the development of placenta-associated complications, in particular fetal growth restriction (FGR), in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is associated with a large number of complications for both mother and fetus. Moreover, it increases the risk of miscarriage and preterm labor, pre-eclampsia, placental abruption, HELLP syndrome, preterm rupture of membranes and cesarean section. GDM can lead to later maternal complications such as type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and cardiovascular diseases. In addition to unfavorable outcomes for the mother, GDM has a negative impact on the fetus: it leads to diabetic fetopathy, congenital malformations, stillbirth, respiratory/cerebral distress syndrome of the newborn, etc. Although fetal macrosomia is a widely recognized consequence of GDM, babies with FGR are also born in GDM, and such pregnancies have a higher risk of adverse outcomes. This review presents the results of studies proving the possibility of FGR development in GDM and the characteristics of its pathophysiology, data on histologic changes in the placental tissue. The paper demonstrates the significance of lipid profile disorders in pregnant women with GDM in the pathogenesis of fetal growth abnormalities and FGR development. This study examines the characteristics of the hemostasis system in cases of FGR in women with GDM, the possibilities of prenatal diagnosis, including ultrasound, and the role of biochemical markers. The modern approach to managing pregnancy and labor in women with GDM and FGR is considered. Conclusion: Further study of the pathophysiologic basis of placenta-associated complications of pregnancy, including FGR in women with GDM is necessary because it will contribute to the development of new preventive, diagnostic, and therapeutic strategies.
STUDY OF CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE IN CHILDREN OF NORTH KARNATAKA; Background: Congenital heart anomalies (CHD) are an important cause of morbidity and mortality in children. They cause great financial burden and worry to parents and the whole family; hence, early detection may prevent morbidity and mortality in such children. Materials and Methods: Out of 70 children with CHD, 35 had acynotic CHD and 35 had cyclotic CHD. Every patient was exposed to 2-D echocardiography and a color dropper to rule out CHD and be classified as having acynotic or cyclotic CHD. Result: In acynotic CHD, the highest prevalence was 19 (54.2%) ventricular septal defects, and least 1 (2.85%) included atrio-ventricular septal defects, pulmonary stenosis, and aortic stenosis. In cynotic CHD, the highest prevalence was 16 (45.7%), and the least prevalence was 2 (5.7%), including Truncus arteriosus, double inlet left ventricle. Conclusion: As CHD is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality in children, Early access to medical aid and proper surgery is necessary to avoid morbidity and mortality and improve their quality of life.
Effects of multidimensional exercise management on self-efficacy, blood glucose control, and delivery outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the effects of multidimensional quantitative exercise management on self-efficacy, blood glucose control, and delivery outcomes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted with 150 pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Participants were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (Exp), which received a multidimensional quantitative exercise management intervention, or the control group (Con), which received standard GDM management. Results were compared between the groups included self-efficacy scores, blood glucose levels, and delivery outcomes. Results: Exp group of pregnant women exhibited drastically superior self-efficacy scores as well as more stable blood glucose levels during pregnancy relative to Con group (P < 0.05). Moreover, visual analogue scale (VAS) of pregnant women and Apgar scores of infants in Exp group were considerably better than those in Con group (P < 0.05). In contrast to Con group, pregnant women in Exp group had considerably better labor outcomes along neonatal complication rates (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Multidimensional quantitative exercise management had a positive impact on pregnant women with GDM. This intervention method can improve self-efficacy levels along better blood glucose control, and enhance delivery outcomes. These findings suggested that multidimensional quantitative exercise management has potential clinical value in the management of GDM, providing an effective management strategy to improve the health conditions of both pregnant women and infants.
Prenatal Risk and Later Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities; The fetal period is marked by heightened vulnerability to environmental insults. The complex and patterned organization of the fetal brain lays the foundation for later maturation and behavior. Prenatal influences play a critical role in shaping the developmental trajectory of intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD). This chapter explores prenatal risk factors, including maternal physical and mental health and exposure to adversity, teratogens, environmental hazards, and systemic factors. We consider how exposure to these factors shapes long-term neurodevelopmental processes that lead to functional abnormalities, subsequently contributing to IDD. We discuss these factors to underscore the importance of public health interventions and targeted strategies to foster healthy pregnancies, support optimal neurodevelopment, and mitigate the long-term consequences of early life adversities.
Inflammatory indices—Systemic Immune-Inflammation Index (SII) and Systemic Inflammatory Response Index (SIRI)—during Pregnancy and Associations with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent complication during pregnancy. This study aimed to explore the associations between inflammatory indices during pregnancy and the development of GDM. Methods: Data from the Fujian Birth Cohort Study between March 2019 and December 2022 were used. Participants who delivered a live-born singleton were included and categorized into GDM and non-GDM groups. Two inflammatory indices, the systemic immune-inflammation index (SII) and systemic inflammatory response index (SIRI), were calculated for each trimester of pregnancy via hematological parameters from complete blood count tests. The distributions of inflammatory indicators across trimesters were compared between the GDM and non-GDM groups. Additionally, multivariable logistic regression models were employed to investigate the associations between inflammatory indices and the incidence of GDM. Results: A total of 17297 participants were included, 21.2% of whom were diagnosed with GDM. In the first trimester, the median SIIs for the GDM and non-GDM groups were 817.7×109/L and 756.9×109 /L, respectively, whereas the median SIRIs were 1.6×109 /L and 1.5×109/L, respectively. In both groups, the SII increased to its peak in the second trimester before declining, whereas the SIRI progressively increased throughout pregnancy. The SII and SIRI were greater in the GDM group than in the non-GDM group during the first two trimesters but lower in the third trimester. Nonlinear positive associations between first-trimester SII and SIRI levels and GDM were observed, with extreme quartile odds ratios of 1.32 (95% CI: 1.19, 1.48) and 1.39 (95% CI: 1.24, 1.55), respectively. Conclusion: The SII and SIRI increased and reached their peak values in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy, respectively. Elevated levels of the SII and SIRI in early pregnancy were linked to an increased risk of GDM, suggesting their potential utility as screening tools for GDM.
Lifetime history of gestational diabetes and cognitive function in parous women in midlife; Aims/hypothesis: We aimed to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cognitive function in midlife. Methods: We conducted a secondary data analysis of the prospective Nurses’ Health Study II. From 1989 to 2001, and then in 2009, participants reported their history of GDM. A subset participated in a cognition sub-study in 2014–2019 (wave 1) or 2018–2022 (wave 2). We included 15,906 parous participants (≥1 birth at ≥18 years) who completed a cognitive assessment and were free of CVD, cancer and diabetes before their first birth. The primary exposure was a history of GDM. Additionally, we studied exposure to GDM and subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (neither GDM nor type 2 diabetes, GDM only, type 2 diabetes only or GDM followed by type 2 diabetes) and conducted mediation analysis by type 2 diabetes. The outcomes were composite z scores measuring psychomotor speed/attention, learning/working memory and global cognition obtained with the Cogstate brief battery. Mean differences (β and 95% CI) in cognitive function by GDM were estimated using linear regression. Results: The 15,906 participants were a mean of 62.0 years (SD 4.9) at cognitive assessment, and 4.7% (n=749) had a history of GDM. In models adjusted for age at cognitive assessment, race and ethnicity, education, wave of enrolment in the cognition sub-study, socioeconomic status and pre-pregnancy characteristics, women with a history of GDM had lower performance in psychomotor speed/attention (β −0.08; 95% CI −0.14, −0.01) and global cognition (β −0.06; 95% CI −0.11, −0.01) than those without a history of GDM. The lower cognitive performance in women with GDM was only partially explained by the development of type 2 diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation: Women with a history of GDM had poorer cognition than those without GDM. If replicated, our findings support future research on early risk modification strategies for women with a history of GDM as a potential avenue to decrease their risk of cognitive impairment. Graphical Abstract: (Figure presented.)
Determinants of distress levels in high-risk pregnant women - cross-sectional study; Introduction and aim. Global and national care recommendations indicate that women with high-risk pregnancies should receive personalized and qualified care during this period. This study was conducted to determine the distress levels in high-risk pregnant women and affecting factors. Material and methods. The cross-sectional this study was conducted with total of 416 high-risk pregnant women who met the inclusion criteria in the obstetrics clinic of a training and research hospital. The study data were collected with data collection form and “Tilburg Pregnancy Distress Scale (TPDS).” Results. The mean TPDS total score of high-risk pregnant women was 18.25±6.85. It was found that planning pregnancy, gravida, and diagnosis of gestational hypertension, systemic diseases, and gestational diabetes in the present pregnancy was associated with pregnancy-specific distress (p<0.05; β=0.291, β=0.158, β=0.272, β=0.137, β=0.116, respectively). Conclusion. It is advised that health professionals assess the distress levels of high-risk pregnant women and give personalized care during prenatal period.
Placental growth factor alleviates hyperglycemia-induced trophoblast pyroptosis by regulating mitophagy; Introduction: Hyperglycemia is closely related to trophoblast dysfunction during pregnancy and results in suppressed invasion, migration, and pro-inflammatory cell death of trophoblasts. Hyperglycemia is a dependent risk factor for gestational hypertension accompanied by decreased placental growth factor (PLGF), which is important for maternal and fetal development. However, there is currently a lack of evidence to support whether PLGF can alleviate trophoblast cell dysfunction caused by high blood sugar. Here, we aim to clarify the effect of hyperglycemia on trophoblast dysfunction and determine how PLGF affects this process. Methods: The changes in placental tissue histomorphology from gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients were compared with those of normal placentas. HTR8/SVneo cells were cultured in different amounts of glucose to examine cellular pyroptosis, migration, and invasion as well as PLGF levels. Furthermore, the levels of pyroptosis-related proteins (NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β, and Gasdermin D [GSDMD]) as well as autophagy-related proteins (LC3-II, Beclin1, and p62) were examined by Western blotting. The GFP-mRFP-LC3-II system and transmission electron microscopy were used to detect mitophagy levels, and small interfering RNAs targeting BCL2 Interacting Protein 3 (siBNIP3) and PTEN-induced kinase 1 (siPINK1) were used to determine the role of mitophagy in pyroptotic death of HTR-8/SVneo cells. Results: Our results show that hyperglycemia upregulates NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β at the protein level in GDM patients. High glucose (HG, 25 mM) inhibits viability, invasion, and migration of trophoblast cells while suppressing superoxide dismutase levels and promoting malondialdehyde production, thus leading to a senescence associated beta-gal-positive cell burst. PLGF levels in nucleus and the cytosol are also inhibited by HG, whereas PLGF treatment inhibited pyroptosis-related protein levels of NLRP3, pro-caspase1, caspase1, IL-1β, and GSDMD, Gasdermin D N-terminal domain (GSDMD-N). HG-induced mitochondrial dysfunction and BNIP3 and PINK1/Parkin expression. Knocking down BINP3 and PINK1 abolished the protective role of PLGF by preventing mitophagy. Conclusion: PLGF inhibited hyperglycemia, while PLGF reversed hyperglycemic injury by promoting mitophagy via the BNIP3/PINK1/Parkin pathway. Altogether, these results suggest that PLGF may protect against trophoblast dysfunction in diabetes.
Unexplained fetal tachycardia: A case report; BACKGROUND This study aimed to explore the possible etiology and treatment of severe fetal tachycardia in the absence of organic disease and provide a reference for clinical management of severe fetal tachycardia. CASE SUMMARY A 29-year-old pregnant woman, with a gravidity 1 parity 0, presented with a fetal heart rate (FHR) of 243 beats per minute during a routine antenatal examination at 31 + 2 wk of gestation. Before termination of pregnancy at 38 wk of gestation, the FHR repeatedly showed serious abnormalities, lasting more than 30 min. However, the pregnant woman and the fetus had no clinical symptoms, and repeated examination revealed no organic lesions. The mother and the baby were regularly followed up. CONCLUSION This was a case of severe fetal tachycardia with no organic lesions and management based on clinical experience.
First-trimester predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes—a base for implementation of strategies to prevent cardiovascular disease development; Introduction: This study aimed to establish efficient, cost-effective, and early predictive models for adverse pregnancy outcomes based on the combinations of a minimum number of miRNA biomarkers, whose altered expression was observed in specific pregnancy-related complications and selected maternal clinical characteristics. Methods: This retrospective study included singleton pregnancies with gestational hypertension (GH, n = 83), preeclampsia (PE, n = 66), HELLP syndrome (n = 14), fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 82), small for gestational age (SGA, n = 37), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 121), preterm birth in the absence of other complications (n = 106), late miscarriage (n = 34), stillbirth (n = 24), and 80 normal term pregnancies. MiRNA gene expression profiling was performed on the whole peripheral venous blood samples collected between 10 and 13 weeks of gestation using real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Results: Most pregnancies with adverse outcomes were identified using the proposed approach (the combinations of selected miRNAs and appropriate maternal clinical characteristics) (GH, 69.88%; PE, 83.33%; HELLP, 92.86%; FGR, 73.17%; SGA, 81.08%; GDM on therapy, 89.47%; and late miscarriage, 84.85%). In the case of stillbirth, no addition of maternal clinical characteristics to the predictive model was necessary because a high detection rate was achieved by a combination of miRNA biomarkers only [91.67% cases at 10.0% false positive rate (FPR)]. Conclusion: The proposed models based on the combinations of selected cardiovascular disease-associated miRNAs and maternal clinical variables have a high predictive potential for identifying women at increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; this can be incorporated into routine first-trimester screening programs. Preventive programs can be initiated based on these models to lower cardiovascular risk and prevent the development of metabolic/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases because timely implementation of beneficial lifestyle strategies may reverse the dysregulation of miRNAs maintaining and controlling the cardiovascular system.
Gestational diabetes causes hyperactivity of the sympathetic nervous system and hypertension in adult mice offspring; Background: Gestational diabetes can lead to increased blood pressure in offspring, accompanied by impaired renal sodium excretion function and vasoconstriction and diastole dysfunction. However, there are few studies on whether it is accompanied by increased sympathetic nerve activity. Methods: Pregnant C57BL/6 mice were intraperitoneally injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) or citrate buffer at day 0 of gestation. The mice of control mother offspring (CMO) and diabetic mother offspring (DMO) at 16 weeks of age were infused with vehicle (artificial cerebrospinal fluid, aCSF, 0.4 μL/h) or tempol (1 mmol/L, 0.4 μL/h) into the bilateral paraventricular nucleus (PVN) of mice for 4 weeks, respectively. Results: Compared with CMO group, SBP and peripheral sympathetic nerve activity (increased heart rate, LF/HF and plasma norepinephrine and decreased SDNN and RMSSD) were increased in DMO group, which was accompanied by increased angiotensin II type-1 receptor (AT1R) expression and function in PVN. The increase in AT1R expression levels was attributed to a decrease in the methylation level of the AT1R promoter region, resulting in an increase in AT1R mRNA levels in PVN of DMO. Moreover, compared with CMO group, the levels of oxidative stress were increased and DNMT1 expression was decreased in PVN of DMO. Bilateral PVN infusion of tempol attenuated oxidative stress increased the level of DNMT1 expression and the binding of DNMT1 to the AT1R promoter region, which reduced mRNA and protein expression level of AT1R, heart rate and SBP in DMO, but not in CMO. Conclusions: The present study provides evidence for overactive sympathetic nervous systems in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes-induced hypertension in offspring. Central antioxidant intervention in the PVN may be an important treatment strategy for fetal-programmed hypertension.
Oral feeding challenges of infants of diabetic mothers; Objective: The presence of diabetes before or during pregnancy can increase perinatal mortality and morbidities. It is well known an infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) may experience complications such as macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, cardiac anomalies, and other abnormalities of organogenesis. Medical providers including physicians, nurses, and speech therapists have experienced challenges with helping IDMs orally feed. Challenges with oral feeding can lead to prolonged hospital stays and placement of supplemental feeding devices. The etiology of an IDM's oral feeding delays is not well understood and does not necessarily affect all infants. Study design: This descriptive review explores what is known about potential contributing factors to feeding difficulty in IDMs, including differences in infant behavior and swallowing mechanics. Results: Some IDMs are unable to maintain active alert states and have decreased autonomic regulation and motor control. Studies of sucking and swallowing demonstrate reduced sucking pressure, fewer sucking bursts, and slowing of esophageal sphincter function. Conclusion: The increasing prevalence of diabetes during pregnancy makes further investigations into the characteristics and trajectories of state, behavior, and oral feeding of IDMs imperative.
Relationship between life’s essential 8 and the risk of gestational diabetes among us adults; Objective: The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between Life’s Essential 8 (LE8) and the risk of gestational diabetes among US adults. Method: We used National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys 2007–2018 data to perform this study. LE8 scores comprised 4 health behaviors (diet, physical activity, nicotine exposure, and sleep duration) and 4 health factors (BMI, non-high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol, blood glucose, and blood pressure). Then, LE8 were categorized into low CVH (0 to 49 scores), moderated CVH (50 to 79 scores), and high CVH (80 to 100 scores). Weighted multivariate Logistic regression analysis model were used to estimate the relationship between LE8 and gestational diabetes. Result: A total of 3,189 participants were included, and the portion of gestational diabetes was 15.33%, 11.46%, 7.71% in low CVH, moderate CVH, and high CVH, respectively. Adjustment for covariates, we found that high CVH (OR: 0.49, 95%CI: 0.29–0.83, p = 0.01) was associated with decreased of gestational diabetes, not moderate CVH (OR: 0.78, 95%CI: 0.50–1.20, p = 0.25). This inverse associations were dose-response dependent (p-nonlinear = 0.982). This inverse associations were significant in subgroup. Significant interaction between CVH and family diabetes with the risk of gestational diabetes was found (P for interaction = 0.04). High CVH (OR: 0.357, 95%CI: 0.176–0.724, p = 0.005) could significantly decrease the risk of gestational diabetes in the population with family diabetes. The results were generally robust in sensitivity analyses after excluding of ASCVD participants. Conclusion: The high CVH could decrease the risk of gestational diabetes, especially in the population of family diabetes.
Early puberty: a review on its role as a risk factor for metabolic and mental disorders; Accumulating evidence indicates that there is a trend of early puberty onset in humans. The early timing of puberty has raised concerns due to its association with significant negative health outcomes. However, overall impact and potential risk of early puberty remain uncertain. In this study, we conducted a comprehensive review of existing epidemiological studies to gain insights into the long-term adverse health effects associated with early puberty. Our objective was to provide a consolidated summary of these outcomes at a population level by considering studies that encompass various indicators of puberty. In all, early puberty has been identified as a potential risk factor for various metabolic diseases, such as obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Children who experience early puberty are more likely to have a higher body mass index (BMI) during adulthood, increasing their risk of obesity. Early puberty also has been found to be an independent risk factor for diabetes mellitus, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), as earlier onset of menarche in girls and voice breaking in boys is associated with a higher prevalence of T2DM. Furthermore, evidence suggests that early puberty may contribute to an elevated risk of CVD, including conditions like coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, angina, and hypertension. In addition, adolescents who experience early puberty, particularly girls, are more likely to suffer from mental problems, such as behavioral dysfunction and depression. Notably, early puberty has a more significant impact on girls than boys. Further research should consider the underlying mechanisms and potential preventive measures.
Maternal hemoglobin A1c and left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes; Objective: Maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) has been suggested to be a predictor of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in the offspring of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, although there is little data supporting this contention. We aimed to assess the relationship between maternal HbA1c and postnatal LVH. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus from 2015 to 2021 at our institution. The primary predictor was maternal HbA1c; neonatal left ventricular mass (LVM) z-score was the primary outcome; LVM z-score was considered as both a continuous variable and a binary variable by dichotomizing at 4 to define LVH. Additionally, we used linear regression to determine the relationship between maternal HbA1c and LVM z-score. Results: There were 116 infants who met inclusion (50% female). Mean maternal HbA1c was generally higher in infants with LVH compared to those without LVH (8.2% with LVH vs. 7.2% without LVH [p = 0.009] in the second trimester, and 7.8% vs. 7.0% [p = 0.025] in the third trimester; no significant difference for first trimester). A greater percentage of infants with LVH were intubated (36% vs. 6%, p < 0.001) and had longer average days of hospitalization (9 vs. 5, p = 0.044). Second and third trimester HbA1c was weakly associated with LVM z-score (R2 = 0.063, p < 0.001 and R2 = 0.068, p < 0.001, respectively); first trimester HbA1c was not significantly predictive of LVM z-score. Conclusion: Second and third trimester HbA1c is modestly predictive of LVH in infants born to mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus.
STUDY TO ANALYSE INDEPENDENT ASSOCIATION BETWEEN ABNORMAL BMI AND OBSTETRIC CO-MORBIDITIES; Background: Obesity causes major changes in maternal intermediary metabolism & these women are more prone to preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, operative vaginal Deliveries & caesarean deliveries. Present study was aimed to analyse independent association between abnormal BMI and obstetric co-morbidities at a tertiary hospital. Material and Methods: Present study was single-center, prospective, observational study, conducted in pregnant women with singleton pregnancies attending antenatal clinic at our hospital in first trimester, planning to deliver at the same hospital. Pregnant women were placed in standard BMI categories and the obstetric outcome variables were evaluated. Results: During the study period 200 patients were observed. Out of them 85(42.5%) fall in normal Body mass index (BMI), 33(16.5%) fall in underweight category, 63(31.5%) fall in overweight category & 19(9.5%) fall in obese group. Majority of the LSCS (57.9%) were from obese group. Majority of vaginal deliveries (90.9%) were from underweight group. (P≤ 0.001, highly significant). The incidence of GDM was highest in obese group (42.1%) (P≤ 0.001, highly significant) Preeclampsia rate was highest in obese group (26.3%) followed by overweight group (15.87%) (P=0.078). Increased rate of LSCS (41.5%) was associated with high BMI group when compared with normal group (22.4 %) & in underweight group (9.1%) (P=0.001, highly significant). Majority of vaginal deliveries (90.9%) were from underweight group. Rate of preeclampsia was increased in high BMI group (18.3 %) when compared with normal group (7 %) & underweight group (9 %) (P=0.071). Rate of GDM was significantly raised in high BMI group (14.6%) compared to normal (3.52%) & underweight group (3%) (P=0.015). The highest number of postpartum infection 7.3% were from High BMI group when compared with 2.4% from normal BMI group. (P=0.277). Conclusion: Obesity is associated with increased incidence of caesarean delivery, Gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, postpartum infection, and induction of labour.
The role of pyroptosis in the occurrence and development of pregnancy-related diseases; Pyroptosis is a form of programmed cell death that is crucial in the development of various diseases, including autoimmune diseases, atherosclerotic diseases, cancer, and pregnancy complications. In recent years, it has gained significant attention in national and international research due to its association with inflammatory immune overactivation and its involvement in pregnancy complications such as miscarriage and preeclampsia (PE). The mechanisms discussed include the canonical pyroptosis pathway of gasdermin activation and pore formation (caspase-1-dependent pyroptosis) and the non-canonical pyroptosis pathway (cysteoaspartic enzymes other than caspase-1). These pathways work on various cellular and factorial levels to influence normal pregnancy. This review aims to summarize and analyze the pyroptosis pathways associated with abnormal pregnancies and pregnancy complications. The objective is to enhance pregnancy outcomes by identifying various targets to prevent the onset of pyroptosis.
Associations of childhood physical activity and screen time with cardiometabolic health in preteens who were born to mothers with previous macrosomic delivery: Findings from the ROLO longitudinal birth cohort study; Background: Macrosomia (birthweight ≥4 kg) may alter the associations of physical activity (PA) and screen time (ST) throughout childhood with later cardiometabolic risk. Objective: To investigate associations of PA and ST over a 4–6-year follow-up period with cardiometabolic outcomes in preteens (9–11-year-olds) who were born to mothers with previous macrosomic delivery. Methods: This is an analysis of 402 preteens from the ROLO study, who were born to mothers that previously delivered an infant with macrosomia. Parental-reported measures of PA and ST were obtained in early childhood at 5-years of age. Preteen self-reported PA, parental-reported ST, anthropometry, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, heart rate, cardiorespiratory endurance, and blood biomarkers were obtained at 9–11-years. Crude and adjusted linear regression models explored associations and the interaction of birthweight was investigated in all models. Results: Early childhood PA and ST at the 5-year follow-up were not related to preteen cardiometabolic outcomes. In adjusted models, higher preteen PA was associated with lower sum of skinfolds (B = −3.00, 95% CI −5.98, −0.02, p = 0.048) and higher cardiorespiratory endurance (B = 0.50, 95% CI 0.20, 0.80, p = 0.001) at the same time point. No strong evidence for modification by birthweight was found. Conclusion: Higher preteen PA may have potential benefits for cardiometabolic health, irrespective of birthweight.
Infant of a diabetic mother: clinical presentation, diagnosis and treatment; An infant of a diabetic mother is defined as a newborn born to a mother who has diabetes during pregnancy. The term diabetic mother refers to pregnant women with diabetes diagnosed either before (type 1 or 2 diabetes) or during pregnancy (gestational diabetes). Rising incidence of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in young women and increasing maternal age at conception account for the higher risk of birth complications and adverse maternal and infant outcomes. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) because of mother's diabetes are prone to developing complications and the most common include: large birth weight and complications resulting from it (i.e. birth injuries, perinatal asphyxia), cardiovascular and respiratory insufficiency (poor tolerance of labor stress), neonatal hypoglycemia and it's complications, delayed lung maturity (fetal hyperinsulinism and the opposite function of insulin to cortisol), cardiomegaly and hypertrophy of the intraventricular septum (functional narrowing of the outflow of the left ventricle and cardiac failure), congenital malformations (most often of the central nervous system and heart). Less common complications in IDMs are: persistent pulmonary hypertension, hyperbilirubinemia, renal vein thrombosis, small left colon syndrome, intrauterine death, polycythemia, and a predisposition to obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes later in life. This article presents current knowledge about pathological conditions and the recommended management for IDMs.
An Enhanced Postpartum Transition Program to Primary Care; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease, yet few individuals receive postpartum care with primary care clinicians (PCP). To facilitate transitions of care to PCPs and improve cardiovascular health monitoring within the first 13 months postpartum, we developed and piloted an enhanced postpartum referral pathway for patients with GDM or HDP. Methods: Eligible patients included those who received perinatal care at a large, urban, academic medical center, experienced GDM or HDP during their most recent pregnancy, and lacked an existing PCP. Resident, faculty, and advanced practitioners referred patients during antenatal, delivery-related, or postpartum visits. A dedicated scheduler contacted patients to schedule an appointment with a women’s health-focused resident or faculty PCP. The percent of patients who attended a postpartum PCP visit, who had an HbA1c and cholesterol panel checked within the first 13 months postpartum, were compared between patients referred and not referred to the program using adjusted odds ratios (aOR). Results: Of 129 individuals referred, 48.1% attended a PCP visit, 31.8% completed cholesterol screening, and 41.9% completed HbA1c screening within 13 months postpartum. After adjusting for age, parity, insurance, and referral indication, referred individuals had greater odds for each outcome (PCP visit: aOR = 6.0, 95% CI 4.0-9.0; cholesterol: aOR = 2.4, 95% 1.6-3.9; HbA1c: aOR = 2.5, 95% CI 1.7-3.7) compared with nonreferred individuals in the same time period. Discussion: A enhanced postpartum PCP referral pathway pilot for birthing individuals was associated with improved follow-up in the first year postpartum.
An Unusual Case of Brachial Artery Thrombosis in a Neonate Following Humerus fracture at Birth; A female infant of a diabetic mother born through LSCS at 39 weeks of gestation with a birth weight of 2908 grams was noted to have a paucity of movement of the left upper limb soon after birth. The extremity was pale, had markedly deranged perfusion, and was cold to touch with absent brachial, radial, and ulnar arterial pulsations. There was a swelling noted over the middle of the left arm, which was tender and associated with crepitus suspicious of a fracture. The right upper limb and lower limbs were normal. An urgent X-ray of the left upper limb showed a displaced fracture of the left humerus fracture and the Doppler study revealed absent flow in the brachial artery distal to the fracture site without thrombus. Urgent close reduction of the fracture following which the doppler showed a thrombus in the brachial artery extending up to its bifurcation. The thrombosis was managed medically with low molecular weight heparin and aspirin. There was a gradual improvement of limb perfusion with normalcy achieved on day 3 of life with no residual complications even on follow-up. The workup of neonatal thrombosis, its immediate management and current evidence for the same have been discussed in detail.
STUDY ON MATERNAL OBESITY AND ITS OUTCOMES ON PREGNANCY; Background: Obesity is a worldwide growing health concern. Maternal obesity can result in negative outcomes for both women and fetuses. The maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, heart disease, and hypertension. The fetuses born to obese women are at increased risk of still births, congenital anomalies and an increased risk of developing obesity and heart disease in the future. Materials and Methods: This study was conducted by the department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, NRI Medical College, Chinakakani, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh,over a period of 1 year, i.e. from February 2023 to January 2024, including 100 pregnant women who were obese (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2). Result: 54% of women belonged to Class II obesity. Most of the study participants were multigravida. Elective cesarean section was the most common mode of delivery. Gestational diabetes was the most common maternal complication, followed by hypothyroidism. The incidence of still births in present study is 11%. Conclusion: Counseling prior to pregnancy, especially to women who are obese is a must. Awareness must be created regarding health risks of women and their future offspring through health programs. High risk pregnancies must be managed at a tertiary care center which has proper facilities with an NICU.
Exploring predisposing factors of hearing loss in prematurely born children: A nationwide case-control study; Background: We conducted a nationwide population-based case-control study to analyse potential predisposing factors for hearing loss (HL) that present during the fetal, perinatal, and postnatal periods in prematurely born children. Methods: This study enrolled 21,576 children born at < 37 weeks of gestation; 3,596 with HL and 17,980 with normal hearing born between 2002 and 2015, matched for sex, age at diagnosis, and enrollment time. Data were abstracted from the concatenation of three nationwide databases for overall risk factors till the diagnosis of HL. Results: Maternal HL, maternal diabetes, particularly type 1 diabetes mellitus, and at or before 32 weeks of gestation were the major obstetric risk factors for HL. Prematurely born children who were born via cesarean section and received a combination of antenatal steroids and magnesium sulfate exhibited a significantly reduced risk of developing HL. Ear malformation was a critical predictor for HL. The major postnatal risk factors included seizure and ototoxic drugs use. Premature infants diagnosed with more than 1 diagnosis of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, necrotizing enterocolitis, and intracerebral hemorrhage were at an increased risk of developing HL. Congenital CMV infection and recurrent acute otitis were also independent postnatal factors for HL in prematurely born children. Conclusion: To reduce the incidence of childhood HL in prematurely born children, aggressive management of premature birth-related consequences and treatable causes and longitudinal audiological follow-up with early detection and adequate intervention are crucial.
Comparison of Placental Location on Ultrasound in Preeclampsia and Normotensive Pregnancy in Third Trimester; Background: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy account for 15%-20% maternal and 20%-25% perinatal mortality. There is interest in predicting preeclampsia (PE) early in pregnancy to reduce PE and its subsequent complications. There is no cheap and easily available, reliable predictor for PE. Some studies have shown that the lateral location of placenta is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes due to PE. The lateral placenta is yet to be proven as a strong predictor of PE to initiate preventive measures. Placental localization can be easily done on routine ultrasonography during pregnancy. In the light of these observations, a prospective study was done to study any association between PE and placental location by ultrasound in third trimester. Research Question: Is there any association between placental location on ultrasound and preeclampsia in third trimester? The objective is to study association between location of placenta and preeclampsia and compare placental location in normotensive pregnancies with that in PE in third trimester. Methods: A prospective comparative, case-control, observational study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at North DMC Medical College and Hindu Rao Hospital, Delhi, India, from August 2019 to April 2020. The study population included 200 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy in third trimester, without any medical disorders such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, renal disease, cardiac disease, and coagulation disorder or smoking. One hundred women had preeclampsia and 100 were normotensive controls. Ultrasound was done after filling F form as per the Government of India guidelines to rule out sex determination, and placenta was localized by ultrasound. Placenta was classified as central when it was equally distributed between the right and left sides of the uterus irrespective of anterior, posterior, or fundal position and lateral when 75% or more of the placental mass was on one side of the midline. Placental location was compared in hypertensive and normotensive pregnancies. Results: Out of the total 200 women, 152 (76%) had central and 48 (24%) had lateral placenta. Ninety-two percent of controls and 60% of cases had central placenta. Forty percent of cases and only 8% normotensive women had lateral placenta. Lateral placenta was five times more frequent in presence of PE as compared to normotensive controls. Out of 152 women with central placenta, 92 (60.5%) women were normotensive but with lateral placenta, only 8 (16.7%) had normal blood pressure. PE was present in 83% of women with lateral placenta and in only 39.47% with central placenta. This difference was statistically significant as P < 0.0001 as per Chi-square test. This reflects a significant association between lateral position of placenta and occurrence of PE. As per odds ratio (0.1304) patients without lateral placenta had 90% protection against preeclampsia. Conclusion: Central placenta is more common than lateral placenta. Lateral placenta is seen five times more frequently among hypertensive women and this difference is statistically significant. The absence of lateral placenta provides 90% protection against PE but the severity of PE was not affected by placental location.
Dyslipidemia management in women of reproductive potential: An expert clinical consensus from the national lipid association; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women and its incidence has been increasing recently, particularly among younger women. Across major professional society guidelines, dyslipidemia management remains a central tenet for atherosclerotic CVD prevention for both women and men. Despite this, women, particularly young women, who are candidates for statin therapy are less likely to be treated and less likely to achieve their recommended therapeutic objectives for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels. Elevated LDL-C and triglycerides are the two most common dyslipidemias that should be addressed during pregnancy due to the increased risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and pre-term delivery, as well as pancreatitis in the presence of severe hypertriglyceridemia. In this National Lipid Association Expert Clinical Consensus, we review the roles of nutrition, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy as strategies to address elevated levels of LDL-C and/or triglycerides among women of reproductive age. We include a special focus on points to consider during the shared decision-making discussion regarding pharmacotherapy for dyslipidemia during preconception planning, pregnancy, and lactation.
How Informal Carers Support Video Consulting in Physiotherapy, Heart Failure, and Cancer: Qualitative Study Using Linguistic Ethnography; Background: Informal carers play an important role in the everyday care of patients and the delivery of health care services. They aid patients in transportation to and from appointments, and they provide assistance during the appointments (eg, answering questions on the patient’s behalf). Video consultations are often seen as a way of providing patients with easier access to care. However, few studies have considered how this affects the role of informal carers and how they are needed to make video consultations safe and feasible. Objective: This study aims to identify how informal carers, usually friends or family who provide unpaid assistance, support patients and clinicians during video consultations. Methods: We conducted an in-depth analysis of the communication in a sample of video consultations drawn from 7 clinical settings across 4 National Health Service Trusts in the United Kingdom. The data set consisted of 52 video consultation recordings (of patients with diabetes, gestational diabetes, cancer, heart failure, orthopedic problems, long-term pain, and neuromuscular rehabilitation) and interviews with all participants involved in these consultations. Using Linguistic Ethnography, which embeds detailed analysis of verbal and nonverbal communication in the context of the interaction, we examined the interactional, technological, and clinical work carers did to facilitate video consultations and help patients and clinicians overcome challenges of the remote and video-mediated context. Results: Most patients (40/52, 77%) participated in the video consultation without support from an informal carer. Only 23% (12/52) of the consultations involved an informal carer. In addition to facilitating the clinical interaction (eg, answering questions on behalf of the patient), we identified 3 types of work that informal carers did: facilitating the use of technology; addressing problems when the patient could not hear or understand the clinician; and assisting with physical examinations, acting as the eyes, ears, and hands of the clinician. Carers often stayed in the background, monitoring the consultation to identify situations where they might be needed. In doing so, copresent carers reassured patients and helped them conduct the activities that make up a consultation. However, carers did not necessarily help patients solve all the challenges of a video consultation (eg, aiming the camera while laying hands on the patient during an examination). We compared cases where an informal carer was copresent with cases where the patient was alone, which showed that carers provided an important safety net, particularly for patients who were frail and experienced mobility difficulties. Conclusions: Informal carers play a critical role in making video consultations safe and feasible, particularly for patients with limited technological experience or complex needs. Guidance and research on video consulting need to consider the availability and work done by informal carers and how they can be supported in providing patients access to digital health care services.
Maternal Cardiac Function in Pregnancies with Metabolic Disorders; The obesity epidemic is growing and poses significant risks to pregnancy. Metabolic impairment can be associated with short- and long-term maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The cardiovascular implications are known in those with metabolic disorder outside of pregnancy; however, little is known of the cardiac function in pregnancies complicated by obesity. Maternal cardiac adaptation plays a vital role in normal pregnancy and is known to be involved in the pathophysiology of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Bariatric surgery is the most successful treatment for sustainable weight loss and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery can drastically change the maternal metabolic profile and pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we discuss the available evidence on maternal cardiac function in pregnancies affected by obesity and its associated consequences of gestational diabetes and hypertension (chronic and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy), as well as pregnancies following bariatric surgery.
Exploring the Antidiabetic Potential of Ethanolic Extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata Stem Bark Against Alloxan-Induced Diabetes in Wistar Rats; The study aimed to identify the impact of oral supplementation of ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata in treating diabetes. Oral administration of ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata at doses of 200 mg/ kg and 400 mg/kg was carried out for 21 d in rats that had been induced to diabetes by alloxan. To explore the effect of ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata on stress-induced pancreatic inflammation in alloxaninduced diabetic rats, the following parameters were assessed viz., blood glucose, hemoglobin A1c, insulin, lipid content, liver biochemical parameters, enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants and inflammatory mediators. There was a marked improvement in blood glucose and hemoglobin A1c levels after 21 d of treatment as well as insulin and serum biochemical parameter restoration. This suggests that they may have the ability to boost endogenous insulin synthesis. Research on ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata's effects revealed that it possesses strong anti-inflammatory and antioxidant capabilities. The fact is that it could regulate the contents of malondialdehyde, protein carbonyl content, tumour necrosis factor-α and interleukin-6 in pancreatic tissue, as well as raise levels of superoxide dismutase, catalase and glutathione, proved this. In addition, ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata considerably reduced the cellular damage caused by alloxan to the islet and acinar cells of the pancreas. One possible explanation is that ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata contains boswellic acid. The results of this study provide promising evidence that ethanolic extract of Boswellia ovalifoliolata can improve diabetic indices, which could pave the way for a new approach to diabetes care. Finding new, all-natural ways to manage diabetes is a major goal of this study.
Diagnosis, Classification and Management of Fetal Growth Restriction: A Practice Update; Background & Methods: The aim of the study is to Diagnose, classify and manage Fetal growth restriction: A practice update. All eligible pregnancies underwent serial sonographic evaluation of fetal weight at 2-weekly intervals until birth and all normally formed fetuses underwent evaluation of amniotic fluid volume. biophysical profile scoring (BPP) and multivessel Doppler UA, middle cerebral artery (MCA), ductus venosus (DV), umbilical vein (UV), aortic isthmus (Aol) and myocardial performance index (MPI) at every subsequent contact with the research sonographers. Results: We found 27% in composite & 12% no morbidity. 02% each in maternal diabetes respectively, we found, 08% in male & 03% in female of Perinatal Morbidity, 1.2% in male & 0.1% in female in Perinatal Mortality. Conclusion: Significant advances have been made in the understanding the complex etiology and pathophysiology of FGR. This knowledge will certainly aid the clinician to optimize antepartum monitoring and timely planned delivery of FGR infants. Biophysical tests and multivessel Doppler have predictive abilities in detecting academia but their strengths need further evaluation. The temporal correlation between the commonly used tools and preterminal fetal status remains unclear. There are emerging recommendations to combine the use of multiple monitoring tools in models to improve the prediction of adverse outcome. Nonetheless, there is still no definitive cure for FGR and the management strategies for pregnancies complicated by FGR are based on limited evidence. Well-designed randomized clinical trials are much needed that specifically target the different management options.
Correlation between lipid levels at different stages of pregnancy and pregnancy outcome and complications; Objective: To explore correlation between lipid levels at different stages of pregnancy and outcomes and complications of pregnancy. Methods: The clinical data of 1000 parturients were retrospectively analyzed. The incidence of perinatal complications was counted, and the blood lipid levels of pregnant women with and without complications during pregnancy were compared. Additionally, the pregnancy outcomes of women with different lipid levels were compared. Results: There were statistically significant differences in total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) levels among early, mid, and late pregnancy (all P < 0.05). Single-factor analysis showed that TG in the complication group was higher than that of the non-complication group, while high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) was lower (both P < 0.05). Dyslipidemia was detected in 932 (95.20%) of cases in the complication group and 19 (90.48%) cases in the non-complication group, with no significant difference between the groups (P=0.630). There was also no significant difference in the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcome between the dyslipidemia and non-dyslipidemia groups (P=0.396). Multifactor analysis showed that TC, TG, HDL, and LDL-C in the first, second, or third trimesters were not risk factors for complications or adverse pregnancy outcome (P > 0.05). Correlation analysis indicated that TC, TG, HDL-C, and LDL-C in the first, second, and third trimesters of pregnancy had no significant correlation with the number of complications (First trimester: r=0.099, 0.146, -0.106, 0.137; Second trimester: r=0.027, 0.152, -0.102, 0.009; Third trimester: r=0.031, 0.191, -0.064, -0.056). Conclusion: The serum lipid levels of pregnant women increased significantly in the second and third trimesters. However, there was no correlation between these elevated serum lipid levels and pregnancy complications or adverse outcome.
Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Novel and Traditional Risk Factors in Middle Eastern Young Women. The ANCORS-YW Study; Background: There is paucity of data on the prevalence of novel and traditional cardiovascular risk factors in young women with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the Middle East. We sought to evaluate clinical profiles and prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors in Middle Eastern young women with ASCVD compared with age-matched controls. Methods: Women 18–50 years of age who have ASCVD were enrolled and each was aged-matched with two women with no ASCVD. Prevalence of novel and traditional risk factors was compared in the two groups. Multivariable analyzes examined the independent association of 16 factors with ASCVD. Results: Of 627 young women enrolled mean age 44.1 ± 5.2 years; 209 had ASCVD and 418 served as controls. Women with ASCVD had significantly higher prevalence of five of the studied traditional risk factors (hypertension, type 2 diabetes [T2D], smoking, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol serum levels, and family history of premature ASCVD [FHx]) than women with no ASCVD. Additionally, of the 11 novel and psychosocial risk factors studied, four showed significantly higher prevalence in young women with ASCVD (preterm delivery, hypertensive disease of pregnancy gestational diabetes, and low level of education). Multivariable analyzes showed hypertension, T2D, smoking, FHx, persistent weight gain after pregnancy and low level of education were independently associated with ASCVD. Conclusions: In this study of young Middle Eastern women; traditional risk factors as well as persistent weight gain after pregnancy were more prevalent in women with ASCVD compared with controls.
Knowledge, attitudes, and practices of Lebanese patients with type II diabetes towards the use and abuse of dietary supplements: A cross-sectional study; Background: Dietary supplements (DS) use among Lebanese patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) increased widely due to the country’s economic and financial situation. This study was conducted (1) to estimate the prevalence of DS use among persons with T2DM amid the escalating economic crisis in Lebanon; (2) to explore the knowledge, attitude, and practice (KAP) of DS use; and (3) to determine any significant association between socio-economic and socio-demographic factors and the use of DS modality Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted during the worst episode of the economic crisis between October and April 2022 on 460 adult patients with T2DM of both sexes. Patients were interviewed using a pre-tested questionnaire. Results: Almost 4 out of 10 patients with T2DM in our study were found to be using DS, where 27.6% take multivitamins frequently. One-third of the participants agreed that nutritional supplements are necessary to control diabetes symptoms and complications. Around 41.1% of the participants complained about hypoglycemia and used DS to control their blood sugar levels (56.4%), while the rest used it to improve their health (35.5%) and control their diet (2.2%). The predictors of DS usage were the patient’s level of education [OR=3.9, CI=1.5-10, p=0.003), self-monitoring of blood sugars (OR=4.9, CI=1.68-14.6; p=0.004) and reading the nutrition label [OR=59.3, CI=6.3-55.8, p=0.000]. Conclusion: This study estimated the prevalence of DS use and abuse, among persons with diabetes type II and found three significant predictors of DS use among patients with T2DM. Public health experts should encourage healthy discussions and awareness with their patients to comprehend their views regarding DS use.
EXPLORING THE IMPACT: CLINICAL PRESENTATION AND OUTCOMES IN PATIENTS WITH PERIPARTUM CARDIOMYOPATHY; Background: The study analysed the clinical profiles and outcomes of women with peripartum cardiomyopathy. Materials and Methods: This study was a retrospective, observational investigation. Data were extracted from patient records. Result: The incidence of peripartum cardiomyopathy was found rare. 26 women, with an average age of 22.3 years and an average gestational age of 35.6 weeks, were included in the study, with 15 of them being primigravidae. Maternal and fetal deaths occurred in 4 and 8 subjects, respectively. The presence of mild-to-moderate maternal anemia was found to be associated with fetal mortality. Reduced left ventricular ejection fraction and cardiogenic shock were significantly associated with adverse maternal outcomes. Conclusion: The study concluded that peripartum cardiomyopathy with poor left ventricular ejection fraction and shock is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, while non-severe maternal anemia predisposes to adverse fetal outcomes.
A PROSPECTIVE STUDY OF MATERNAL RISK FACTORS IN RELATION TO PRETERM BABIES AND THEIR IMMEDIATE OUTCOME IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL, GUNTUR; Background: Preterm birth (neonate born <37 completed weeks) is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in newborns and survivors have significant risk of long-term neurodevelopmental sequelae and functional impairments. In recent years, the incidence of preterm birth has shown a steady rise globally, mainly due to indicated (or medically induced) preterm delivery, and multifetal pregnancy after artificial reproductive techniques and fertility-inducing drugs.[1] Worldwide, approximately 15 million preterm births occur annually, indicating a global preterm birth rate of about 11%.[2] Approximately 10% of all births in the United States of America are preterm.3 The incidence is higher in developing countries (13% in India).[3] Low birth weight (LBW) has been defined by WHO as birth weight of less than 2.5 kg. In India, 8 million LBW infants are born every year or around 40% of the total of 20 million LBW babies born globally.1The etiology of preterm birth is multifactorial and requires complex interactions between fetal, placental, uterine, and maternal factors. The major immediate complications encountered in preterm newborns are difficult delivery room resuscitation, respiratory distress syndrome, apnea, hypotension, hypothermia, hypoglycaemia, necrotising enterocolitis, intracranial haemorrhage, feeding difficulties, and vulnerability to infections and iatrogenic complications. With advanced medical care, low birth weight (LBW) survival has been steadily improving in the past years. The survival among infants born 22-24 week gestation increased from 30% in 2000–2003 to 36% in 2008–2011 and now to 50-60%.[4] Hence, comes this prospective study to assess the maternal risk factors, clinical profile and immediate outcome of preterm babies, an important indicator of maternal and new born health in India. Aims & Objectives: 1. Study of maternal risk factors associated with preterm birth. 2. Study of the immediate outcome of preterm babies during their stay in hospital Materials and Methods: After approval from the Institutional Ethics Committee, a prospective, observational study was conducted by the Department of Pediatrics about maternal risk factors and associated neonatal morbidities among 250 preterm babies admitted in NICU at a tertiary care teaching hospital, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh. Results: In the present study, the major maternal risk factors that contribute to preterm births are oligohydramnios (26%) being the most common risk factor, followed by Bad obstetric history like previous abortions/deaths (20%), PROM (15.6%), gestational hypertension (15.2%). Hypothyroidism, GDM, eclampsia, APH, multiple pregnancy, infections were other risk factors. The most common neonatal morbidities in our study was RDS (58.8%) followed by sepsis (44.8%), NNJ (38%), Birth asphyxia (18%) and AOP (15.6%). Metabolic abnormalities like hypoglycaemia and hypocalcemia, congenital heart disease like congenital heart disease like acyanotic/cyanotic CHD, MAS, NEC, seizures were other morbidities. Conclusion: It is important to detect risk factors early (maternal & fetal) through Pre-registration of all pregnant women for routine ANC and follow-up and educating mothers about early recognition of morbidities related to preterm babies and treating them.
Evaluating The Role Of Low Carbohydrate Diets In Polycystic Ovarian Disease Management; Polycystic Ovarian Disease (PCOD) stands as the most prevalent hormonal condition impacting women in their reproductive age. It is primarily featured by elevated androgen levels, irregular ovulation, and the presence of metabolic syndrome. When it comes to addressing hormonal balance, weight control, and feelings of fullness in women with PCOD, a low-carbohydrate diet (LCD) may offer better favorable option compared to a traditional dietary approach. This comprehensive analysis aims to explain the influence of a low carbohydrate diet on PCOD, drawing from a variety of experiments and surveys conducted by esteemed researchers across the globe. Recent investigations have highlighted the pivotal role of insulin resistance in the regulation of PCOD, a factor that is also influenced by the adoption of a low carbohydrate intake. Notably, the impact of LCD on weight reduction, when compared to a standard diet, was modest but significantly remarkable. In the context of PCOD, limitations on calorie intake and the resulting weight loss seem to play a significant role in regulating factors such as ovulation rates, the likelihood of conception, glucose and insulin levels, insulin resistance, and hormones related to satiety. This suggests that the specific makeup of the diet takes a secondary role. It becomes clear that a low-carbohydrate diet (LCD) not only stands out for its impact on calorie control and weight loss but also extends its influence to encompass the complexities of managing PCOD.
Association between sleep disturbances during pregnancy and adverse perinatal outcomes; Objective: To describe the changes in sleep pattern throughout pregnancy and to evaluate the relationship between sleep and adverse perinatal outcomes. Methods: Pregnant women at Qianfoshan Hospital completed questionnaires regarding their sleep during each of the three trimesters. Additionally, a subset of participants engaged in objective sleep monitoring using actigraphy devices. In the perinatal period, the following data were collected: pregnancy complications; gestational age; mode of delivery; Apgar scores for the neonate; and birth weight. Results: The total night sleep time in the second trimester was about 15 minutes shorter than that in the first trimester (P=0.024), and about 31 minutes shorter in the third trimester than in the second trimester (P<0.001). The sleep efficiency in the second trimester was about 10.23% lower than in the first trimester (P<0.001), and the efficiency in the third trimester was about 5.16% lower than in the second trimester (P<0.001). The occurrence of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) was associated with sleep duration (P=0.019), sleep efficiency (P<0.001) and PSQI scores (P<0.001) in the first trimester. Furthermore, the mode of delivery was also found to be associated with sleep duration (P=0.011), sleep efficiency (P<0.001) and PSQI scores (P<0.001) in the first trimester. Conclusion: With the development of the pregnancy process, the sleep situation gets worse. Pregnant women’s sleep situation in the first trimester of pregnancy is associated with the occurrence of PIH and delivery mode.
Embryonic, Fetal, and Neonatal Complications in Infants of Diabetic Mothers: Insights from the Cincinnati Diabetes in Pregnancy Program Project Grant; This study aimed to review how the Cincinnati Diabetes in Pregnancy Program Project Grant (PPG) contributed to the understanding and treatment of neonatal complications in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). This is a retrospective review of all PPG work on glycemic control at different pregnancy time points and its association with embryonic, fetal, and neonatal complications, such as congenital malformations (CMs), intrauterine growth restriction, macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), asphyxia, and polycythemia. We found that maternal vasculopathy and poor glycemic control during embryogenesis, but not frequency of maternal hypoglycemic episodes or insulin therapy, are independent risk factors for major CMs. A suggestive association of major CMs with maternal Magnesium deficiency was also observed. Poor glycemic control during late embryogenesis and early fetal development was associated with an increased risk of minor CMs. We described a biphasic pattern of fetal growth whereby early growth delay was followed by enhanced fetal growth associated with neonatal macrosomia. Macrosomia was associated with poorer glycemic control in the third trimester and an increased risk of birth trauma. Macrosomia was also correlated with animal-origin insulin concentrations in cord blood, demonstrating that insulin bound to antibodies can cross the placenta and may affect the fetus. We also showed that neonatal hypoglycemia was significantly associated with third-trimester glycemic control, in addition to hyperglycemia occurring during labor. With modern management and adequate prenatal care, IDMs are no longer at increased risk for RDS. Perinatal asphyxia was associated with increased proteinuria appearing in pregnancy, maternal hyperglycemia before delivery, and prematurity. Polycythemia in IDMs is prevalent and correlates with proxy measurements of fetal hypoxemia (nucleated red blood cells at delivery) and poorer glycemic control in late pregnancy. The PPG in its various phases revealed the important role of glycemic control at nearly every stage of pregnancy including labor.
Diagnostic and Management Challenges of Acute Fatty Liver of Pregnancy: A Case Series; Introduction: Acute fatty liver of pregnancy remains an elusive and potentially fatal complication of a rare liver disease in late pregnancy. Due to sparse research, diagnostic dilemmas, and multi-organ involvement of the disease, it is imperative to elaborate the evaluation and management principles to confine the outcomes. Case Reports: Here, we aim to discuss in detail the peripartum manifestations and goal-directed management protocols in a case series of four patients managed at a tertiary care setup in India. Conclusion: It was found that all four cases had varied presentations ranging from asymptomatic hypoglycemia to liver failure and multiorgan dysfunction requiring a multidisciplinary perioperative care approach to prevent complications by incorporating supportive care along with latest available point of care diagnostics, interventional care, Extracorporeal Membrane Oxygenation (ECMO) and Continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT).
Comparison of efficacy and safety of three different concentrations of ropivacaine for labor pain management using patient-controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA): A double-blind, randomized controlled trial; Background and Aims: Labor pain is consistently ranked high on the various pain rating scales, when compared to other painful life experiences, and the experience of labor during the process of childbirth is both complex and subjective. Though patient-controlled epidural analgesia (PCEA) using dilute concentrations of local anesthetics (LAs) has been a popular method to control labor pain, yet the optimal dose and regimen for PCEA remain ambiguous. So, the present study was undertaken to evaluate the safety and efficacy of three different concentrations of ropivacaine for labor analgesia using PCEA. Materials and Methods: Seventy-five healthy nulliparous women who gave voluntary consent for labor analgesia using PCEA were randomly assigned to three groups to receive three different ropivacaine concentrations (0.0625%, 0.1%, and 0.125%) with adjuvant fentanyl 2 μg/ml, after double-blinding. Analgesic efficacy, neuraxial blockade, vital parameters, neonatal outcomes, maternal satisfaction, and side effects were assessed. Primary outcome was total dose of ropivacaine consumed in milligrams. Results: Number of pain breakthroughs (Visual Analog Score >4) and PCEA demand and rescue boluses were found to be statistically more in group 0.0625% (P < 0.01), followed by group 0.1% and were the least in 0.125%. Still, total drug consumed in milligrams was significantly less in 0.0625% group. Maternal satisfaction was comparable among the three groups (P = 0.33). There was no significant difference in maternal side effects and neonatal APGAR scores among the three groups. Conclusion: When three different concentrations of ropivacaine, that is, 0.0625%, 0.1%, and 0.125%, are used for labor analgesia, the use of 0.125% ropivacaine leads to higher total amount of ropivacaine consumed. Despite the lower efficacy in terms of breakthrough pain episodes observed with a 0.0625% ropivacaine concentration for labor analgesia, maternal satisfaction remained consistent across all three doses of ropivacaine. PCEA demand and rescue boluses for the lowest concentration, that is, 0.0625%; and did not affect maternal satisfaction with the management of labor pain.
Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Prenatal Risk Factors for Congenital Heart Disease: Maternal Chronic Diseases and Parental Exposures; Background: There is considerable heterogeneity in studies on prenatal risk factors for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). We performed a meta-analysis of all nongenetic factors of CHDs. This report presents results of factors related to maternal chronic diseases and parental exposures. Methods: A systematic search encompassing concepts of CHD and risk factors was used, using the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles, (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHDs, (3) between 1989 and 2022. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using a random-effect model. Results: Inclusion criteria were met for 170 studies. There was an association between being overweight or obese and CHDs (OR, 1.26; 95% CI, 1.15-1.37), with a dose-effect relationship. Pregestational diabetes (PGDM) was associated with CHDs (OR, 3.51; 95% CI, 2.86-4.3), without difference between type 1 and type 2 PGDM. The effect size of gestational diabetes was less than that of PGDM (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.18-1.61). There was an association between CHDs and pre-eclampsia (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.32-3.05), paternal smoking (OR, 1.32; 95% CI, 1.03-1.70), and alcohol use (OR, 1.50; 95% CI, 1.08-2.08). A smaller association was found with maternal smoking and advanced maternal age. Conclusions: There exists robust evidence for increased risk of CHD in the presence of obesity, maternal diabetes, maternal smoking, and increased maternal age. The effect sizes were relatively modest, except for PGDM. The robustness of the evidence decreased when CHDs were divided into subgroups or when the analyses were restricted to severe CHDs.
Vitamin D Deficiency In Expectant Mothers Attending A Tertiary Care Hospital In Southern Odisha.; In addition to being a lipid-soluble vitamin, vitamin D is also a steroid hormone that the skin can produce on its own when exposed to sunlight. A lack of vitamin D is linked to a number of health problems, including impaired immune function, an increased risk of cancer, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, rheumatic disease, muscle weakness, chronic pain, and neuropsychiatric disorders. Vitamin D insufficiency is frequent during pregnancy, particularly in high-risk populations such as vegetarians, women who live in cold climes or northern latitudes, wear clothing that protects them from the sun, and ethnic minorities, particularly those with darker complexion. It is a significant risk factor for low foetal growth, neonatal development, and infantile rickets. Furthermore, vitamin Ddeficiency may put expectant mothers at risk for preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. The purpose of this study is to assess the incidence of vitamin D insufficiency in Jammu and Kashmir, a state in northern India. A total of 120 pregnant women had their levels of vitamin D (25-OH D) checked; of them, 52 (43.3%) had levels below 20 ngm/ml, 41 (34.1%) had levels between 20–30 ngm/ml, and 27 (22.5%) had levels over 30 ngm/ml. The study undercuts the need for more research in this field by demonstrating the startlingly high frequency of vitamin D insufficiency among pregnant women who were otherwise in good health.
Title of the article- THE INCIDENCE OF RETINOPATHY OF PREMATURITY AT A TERTIARY HOSPITAL; Purpose: To study the incidence and risk factors of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP). Methods: A prospective observational study of premature babies admitted in NICU from December 2021 to December 2022 with a gestational age of 32 weeks or less at birth and a birth weight of 1500 g or less was made. Sick infants were included even if they were older and heavier. ROP screening was done in 200 cases from the fourth postnatal week and was followed up. Results: The incidence of ROP was 19.5%. Most common maternal risk factor was pregnancy induced hypertension (17.9%). Low birth weight (LBW) and respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (89.7%) were the most common risk factors in infants. Conclusion: In our study the most common risk factors were LBW and RDS.
Evaluating The Role Of Anthropometric Indicators In Predicting Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Hospital Based Study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent endocrine disorder identified by glucose intolerance during pregnancy, associated with numerous complications for both the mother and the child. Methods This study investigates the correlation between anthropometric parameters, specifically mid-arm circumference (MAC), bicipital skinfold thickness (BSFT), and tricipital skinfold thickness (TSFT), and the development of GDM. Conducted at the Sir Sunderlal Hospital, Banaras Hindu University, the study involved 250 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation, screened using a 75 g Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT). Anthropometric measurements were analyzed using Pearson's correlation coefficient and multivariate logistic regression. Results The findings reveal that while weight and height did not significantly predict GDM, both tricipital skin fold thickness and Bicipital skin fold thickness exhibited a significant positive correlation with Gestational diabetes mellitus incidence (Odds ratio for TSFT = 1.35, BSFT = 1.29). This suggests that TSFT and BSFT are reliable indicators for early GDM prediction. Conclusion The study concludes that incorporating regional anthropometric measurements, particularly TSFT and BSFT, into prenatal care protocols could enhance early GDM detection and intervention, potentially improving maternal and fetal outcomes. Future research should focus on refining these predictive models and integrating them into broader maternal health strategies to mitigate GDM-related risks.
A STUDY OF NEONATAL OUTCOME IN INFANTS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS ADMITTED IN NICU OF TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL; Back ground: Infants who are born to Diabetic mothers have been found to be at a significantly increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality risks. The improvement of the outcome of diabetes pregnancies through the use of appropriate maternal glycaemic control has been a goal for doctors. Materials and Methods: Prospective observational study was conducted in Department Of Pediatrics, Kurnool Medical College and Government General Hospital from January 2021 – December 2022. The data of IDMs were collected from postnatal ward. All IDMs delivered during this period staying in postnatal ward were included in this study. The outcomes were compared between the hypoglycaemic and normoglycemic IDMs and between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-GDM in hypoglycaemic group using Chi-square test and Fisher’s exact test. The data analysis was performed with Epi-enfo7 software. Statistical significance was set at P < 0.05. Results: Out of 100, 16.25% had birth weight more than 4 Kg, 60% had hypoglycaemia. 23.75% of neonates are Large for gestational age, 45% developed hypocalcaemia and 43% developed hyperbilirubinemia. 62% had polycythaemia, congenital anomalies in 15%, 8.75% had birth injuries, incidence of mortality was 10%. Conclusion: GDM and ODM are common metabolic disorders in pregnancy which cause variety of neonatal complications .All pregnant mothers must undergo diabetes screening. They need better glycaemic management and regular follow-up. Delivery should be planned in order to decrease the risk of shoulder dystocia and birth injuries, and the rate of emergency caesarean sections. To enhance newborn outcomes, all babies born to mothers with diabetes should be admitted to the neonatal care unit for observation. Need special attention to mothers for GDM prevention and DM therapy.
Study of Body Composition Parameters namely Body Fat percentage and Lean Body Mass percentage in Hypothyroidism; Background: Most common functional disorder of the thyroid gland is Hypothyroidism. It is characterised by various clinical manifestations resulting from deficiency of thyroid hormones. It is estimated that about 01% to 10% of the worldwide population suffers from thyroid disorders. Thyroid profile in Hypothyroidism should be monitored regularly and prompt treatment with Levothyroxine is mandatory to prevent various complications in these cases. Objectives: Present study was undertaken to study two Body Composition Parameters namely first was Body Fat percentage and second Lean Body Mass percentage in newly diagnosed hypothyroid subjects and in hypothyroid subjects who were receiving thyroxine supplementation therapy for more than 5 years. Study also aimed to find out if there was any significant improvement in these parameters after treatment. Material and methods: Ninety adults (Males & Females) of age group more than 30 years were selected after screening from the Medicine Out Patient department of this Institute. They were divided into three equal groups of 30 subjects (28 female and 2 males) each belonging to the same socio-economic status. Group I: Euthyroid subjects (Control group), Group II: Newly diagnosed and untreated hypothyroid patients and Group III: Hypothyroid patients taking synthetic thyroid hormone for more than 5 years. Individual subjects having diabetes, pregnancy, cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal or liver diseases and endocrine disorders other than hypothyroidism were strictly excluded from the study. The study protocol was approved by the Institutional Ethics Committee. Written informed consent was obtained from all the study subjects enrolled in the study. Statistics Applied: One-way ANNOVA test was applied to study statistically significant variation in three Groups and multiple comparisons between Group I vs. Group II, Group I vs. Group III, and Group II vs. Group III done by Tukey test. Results and conclusions: Significantly high value of Body fat % was found in Group II as in comparison with Group I. No statistically significant difference in Body fat % was found in Group I and Group III. Value of Body fat % in Group III was found significantly lower as compared to Group II. Value of Lean Body Mass % was found significantly low in Group II as in comparison with Group I. No statistically significant difference in Lean Body Mass % was found in Group I and Group III. Significantly high value of Lean Body Mass % in Group III was found as compared to Group II. Thyroxine replacement causes increase in oxygen consumption, energy expenditure and improves over all metabolism in body and because of these values of body fat and lean body mass were almost normalised in group III as they were getting treatment more than 5 years.
“Prospective Study of Umbilical and Uterine Artery Doppler in Predicting Pregnancy Outcome in High-Risk Pregnancies”; Introduction: Bilateral uterine arteries supplying gravid uterus undergoes physiological changes in pregnancy to maintain its high volume. In our country, pregnancy is very important stage for every women .Foetal morbidity and mortality is very high due to pre-eclampsia,it can also lead to complications like HELLP syndrome,DIC,abruption and increased chances of caesarean section.It can cause foetal complications like FGR,preterm labour,intra uterine foetal death .Doppler ultrasound helps to screen and diagnose complications early in the pregnancy. High risk pregnancies can lead to maternal and foetal mortality and morbidity. Early identification of the risk factors can protect mother and foetus from harmful effects of pregnancy. Doppler ultrasound is a recent advance in the field of foetal medicine, cost effective, non-invasive technique without any exposure to contrast media or harmful radiation during pregnancy to identify high risk factors to prevent pregnancy complications. Material and methods: Role of umbilical and uterine artery Doppler in predicting pregnancy outcome in high risk pregnancies. We will do a prospective study on 150 patients with high risk factors having chronic or pregnancy induced hypertension, eclampsia or pregnancy induced hypertension in previous pregnancy,anemia, diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus, elderly gravida (>35 years),grand multipara(>=5). We will perform Doppler study of Umbilical and Uterine artery at 16-22 weeks. Study design-prospective observational study. Results Out of 150 patients 43 had PIH,36 had anemia,25 had gestational diabetes mellitus. Abnormal Doppler study consisted of presence of uterine artery notching, increased PI>1.45 and increased RI>0.58. In Our study out of 150,abnormal uterine artery Doppler results were noted in 40%.In umbilical artery Doppler Out of 150 patients 97 had raised RI,PI and 53 had Normal RI, PI.Out of 97, 74 had poor perinatal outcome,16 had good perinatal outcome and 7 had IUD.Out of 150 patients 90 had raised S/D ratio,52 had normal S/D ratio and 8 had absent S/D ration. Among those with abnormal Doppler results,pre eclampsia was seen in 11.3%,6.6 % foetuses had IUGR and were small for gestational age,6% required NICU admission. Intrauterine death occurred in 4.6% cases. Pre-eclampsia was seen in 84% having high RI with DN whereas only 16% pre eclampsia had raised RI without DN. Pre eclampsia was not found in 76.6% having high RI without DN whereas only 23.4%has pre eclampsia having high RI with DN. Conclusion Our data confirmed the efficacy of second trimester screening of high risk pregnancies using Doppler studies. Raised RI,PI and S/D ratio of umbilical artery could predict IUGR,poor perinatal outcome and risk of intrauterine foetal death with good sensitivity. The presence of high RI of uterine artery Doppler and/or the appearance of DN is associated with an increased risk of development of preeclampsia. Therefore,we recommend the introduction of this technique into routine antenatal care for high risk pregnancies.
Study of obstetric admission to the intensive care unit of a tertiary care hospital in western part of India; Background: Obstetric ICU admission is on rise in pregnant women due to factors including increasing maternal age, increasing rates and levels of obesity and other co-morbidities. The present study was done to analyze admission rate, outcome and trends in women requiring peripartum admission to ICU. Method: It is a retrospective observational study of obstetrics intensive care unit admission over a period of 1 year. Demographic characteristics, risk factors, ICU management and outcome were analyzed. Result: Out of 1726 deliveries during the study period, a total of 88 patients were admitted to ICU. Thus the rate of ICU admission in our study was 5.09%. Severe pre-eclampsia, post-partum hemorrhage, eclampsia was most common diagnosis at the time of ICU admission. Mortality during study period was 5.6%. Conclusion: There has to be Multidisciplinary team approach for Management including Obstetrician and Intensivist for critical care requiring patients. Good Antenatal care, Screening of high-risk patient, timely referral and primary ICU Training to all Healthcare professionals may improve Clinical outcome and Better Management of these critically ill obstetric patients and can help to reduce maternal Morbidity and Mortality in developing countries.
Spectrum of Co-Morbidities in a Hospital Population with Hashimoto's Thyroiditis; Introduction: Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT) is the most common thyroid autoimmune disease (AID) with an increasing incidence. A number of studies have shown that HT often combines with other autoimmune endocrine and non-endocrine diseases to form autoimmune polyglandular syndromes (APS). Most studies evaluating different AID associations have examined the prevalence of HT in nonthyroidal AID, and not vice versa. Data on the prevalence of non-autoimmune co-morbidities in HT are scarce. Aim: To determine the frequency and type of all co-morbidities in an unselected sample of hospitalized HT patients by assessing their interrelationship with sex, age, functional status and activity of the autoimmune process of the thyroid gland. Material and methods: Randomized cross-sectional study in 447 adult patients with HT (from 18 to 88 years, mean age 45,81±16,18 years) – 372 women (83,2%) and 75 men (16,8%), hospitalized in the Clinic of Endocrinology and Metabolic Diseases, “Sv. Georgy” University Hospital. Functional (FT3, FT4, TSH), immunological (anti-TPOAB, anti-TgAB, TRAB) and ultrasound status of the thyroid gland was assessed and a wide range of clinical and laboratory tests were performed to evaluate the main disease and co-morbidities. Results: HT was more common in females (female-to-male ratio = 4,96:1), prevailed in the age group of 29-61 years with the highest frequency (24,61%) in the range of 29-39 years. No statistically significant differences were found in the percentage distribution of participants in different age groups by sex. In the current hospital sample with HT, the euthyroid state predominated – 75%, followed by hypothyroidism in 21,6% and Hashitoxicosis in 3.4%. There were no sex-related differences in thyroid hormone and antibody levels. We found a variety of co-morbidities in 379 (84.8%) of the TH patients without significant gender determined differences in their frequency. Only hematological co-morbidities occurred nearly 2 times more often in men (p=0,032). The most frequent co-morbidities were arterial hypertension (38,26%), metabolic syndrome (26,85%), diabetes mellitus type 2 (20,13%), coronary artery disease - 11,86%, degenerative joint diseases – 10,51%, anemias of different types – 9,62%; PCOS in women – 9,14%, benign prostatic hyperplasia in men – 6,67%. The percentage of adenomas involving the pituitary, adrenal and parathyroid glands was high – a total of 13,42%, with some patients having more than one adenoma within the MEN. We found autoimmune co-morbidities in 13,65%. APS were detected in 8,05%, as follows: APS type 3 –7,16%, with APS type 3A occupying 3,58%; APS type 1 and type 2 – 0,45% each. Thyroid-associated ophthalmopathy (TAO) was present in 1,34% of cases. There were significant age-related differences in the frequency of co-morbidities between different decades. The mean age of patients with only HT (36,80±10,63 years) was lower than that of patients with concomitant non-autoimmune (46,22±16,29 years) and autoimmune (45,54±14,77 years) diseases, p<0,001. The presence of co-morbidities was not directly related to the function of the thyroid gland at the time of the study - they were observed in 85,9% of patients with euthyroid, in 80,2% with hypothyroid and in 86,7% with hyperthyroid state, excluding rheumatological diseases – in 33,3 % in hyperthyroidism, in 16,7% in hypothyroidism and in 9,9% in euthyroidism. TSH-receptor antibodies were higher in presence of concomitant AID (p=0,043). Conclusion: The study is pioneering for the country in terms of the sample size and the range of analyzes characterizing the co-morbidities in hospitalized HT patients, proving their widespread occurence and providing guidelines for screening and follow-up in the clinical practice with a view to improve the quality of care.
Comparison of Mid arm circumference, Ponderal index and MAC/HC ratio to find the reliable parameter for identification of intrauterine growth restricted babies-CROSS SECTIONAL STUDY; BACKGROUND:All over the world,approximately 10-15%of all pregnancies are impacted by intrauterine growth restriction, resulting in babies who are twenty times more likely to experience neonatal deaths than those with normal birth weights. Despite numerous perinatal programs in our country, the incidence of low birth weight babies in India remains at around 30%. AIM: 1.To study the anthropometric measurements of small for gestational age babies born between 28 weeks to 42 weeksof gestation and to determine if these anthropometric parameters has correlation and can be used as a screening toolfor detecting growth restricted babies, admitted in RL JalappaHospital. MATERIALS AND METHODS:A cross sectional study of comparison of mid arm circumference, ponderal index and MAC/HC ratio to find the reliable parameter for identificationof intrauterine growth restricted babies in all SGA babies admitted in RL Jalappa Hospital,Tamaka,Karnataka,India. RESULTS:A total of 254 SGA babies are included in thisstudy, out of which 133(52.36%) were female babies and121(47.64%) were male babies. Among the study population hypertension was the leading comorbidity causing SGA babies noted in 115(45.28%).The highest correlation among all measurements was observed between birth weight and midarm circumference.Mid arm circumference shows that it is a better predictor of SGA babies in our study as compared to other anthropometric parameters. CONCLUSION:Measurement of mid arm circumference is easier, convenient and statistically superior to other anthropometrical parameters in detection of low birth weight newborn babies.
Fetomaternal Outcome in Preterm Birth; Background: Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant morbidity and mortality in the world. It affects not only the immediate neonatal period but also affects infancy, childhood and even adulthood. The aim of the study was to know various associated factors and outcome of preterm delivery and also the neonatal outcome. Methods: This is Retrospective Observational study conducted on 110 women with preterm birth in obstetrics and gynaecology department at tertiary care hospital from November, 2023 to April, 2024. General physical examination and systemic examination and obstetrical examination was carried out for the participants. Results: Patients with a history of previous one or more preterm deliveries and abortions have higher chances of recurrence of preterm birth; in this study, they accounted for 20.9% and 17.6%, respectively. There is higher incidence of preterm birth seen in lower socioeconomic class. The commonest obstetrical risk factor in our study was preterm premature rupture of membrane (PPROM) accounting for 23.63% followed by anaemia accounting for 16.36%. Out of total number of live births 42(38.18%) babies required NICU admission. 9.5% neonatal deaths were seen in gestational age 34 weeks to <37 weeks, whereas 20% and 33.34% mortality were seen in 32 weeks to <34 weeks and 28 weeks to <32 weeks of gestation. The most common neonatal complications were Respiratory distress syndrome (32.75%), Septicaemia (18.10%), jaundice (15.52%) and Meconium aspiration syndrome (8.62%). Conclusions: Preterm labour and birth remain a major cause of perinatal mortality & morbidity in developing countries like India. Proper antenatal care, early detection and correction of risk factors, institutional delivery and good neonatal care facilities can improve the outcome of preterm labour.
Proportion of Overt Diabetes among Women Who had Gestational Diabetes Mellitus : A Cross Sectional Study at a Tertiary Care Hospital, Mandya; Background Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has its effect both on the pregnant women and the fetus, like- higher rates of cesarean deliveries, pregnancy induced hypertension and higher risk of developing Type 2 Diabetes in future. Objective To estimate proportion of Overt Diabetes among Pregnant women who were diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and to evaluate awareness regarding screening for Overt Diabetes in women who were diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. Methods It is a cross sectional observational study where details of the pregnant women who were diagnosed to have Gestational Diabetes Mellitus delivered during the period January 2022 to December 2022 is taken from medical records. Through phone call participants are interrogated about the screening for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at or after 6-12 weeks of post postpartum and annually thereafter and the details of the same will be noted. Those who are not screened for the Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus at or after 6-12 weeks of post postpartum will be advised to undergo screening for the same and followed up accordingly. Results Progression to Dysglycemia (Over Diabetes Mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance) among GDM women is nearly 26% within 2 years post-delivery. Among the women who developed diabetes, 72% had a history of insulin administration during pregnancy. Despite this rapid conversion rate, 42% of GDM women did not undergo screening as per the protocol, with the major reasons being a lack of awareness about the risk of conversion to overt diabetes and inadequate counseling regarding the screening protocols post-delivery. Conclusion In Indian women with GDM, progression to type 2 Diabetes mellitus is high. Hence measures should be taken to provide proper counseling to women with GDM about the risk of converting to Overt Diabetes and the need for screening.
CORRELATION BETWEEN ULTRASONOGRAPHIC ESTIMATED FETAL WEIGHT AND MODE OF DELIVERY AMONG THE NULLIPAROUS DIABETIC PREGNANT WOMEN WITH FETAL OUTCOME; Background: The management of pregnant women with diabetes is a critical aspect of prenatal care, necessitating vigilant monitoring and individualized decision-making to ensure the best possible fetal and maternal outcomes. Ultrasonographic estimation of fetal weight has become an indispensable tool in obstetric practice ,offering a non -invasive means to assess fetal growth and well-being. Ultrasound plays a crucial role in managing pregnancies complicated by diabetes. In particular, ultrasound can accurately estimate fetal weight, which helps in determining the optimal timing and mode for delivery. Association between estimated fetal weight and fetal outcomes is also crucial for optimizing prenatal care and delivery management. OBJECTIVE: To Correlate between ultrasonographic estimated fetal weight and mode of delivery in nulliparous diabetic pregnant women with fetal outcome. METHODS: Our study was a time bound, hospital based and cross-sectional observational study done in the Department of Radio-diagnosis, M.G.M. Medical College and M.Y. Hospital Indore, Madhya Pradesh, India. During Obstetric Ultrasound, Fetal weight was recorded with gestational age of more than 34 weeks. Post delivery, fetal outcomes were assessed. RESULTS: Out of total 104 pregnant nulliparous diabetic women, majority 46 (44.2%) of patients belonged to the age group of 25-30 years of age. The mean age group of patients was 25.83 ± 2.6 years. Among the 104 pregnant women, the majority of 51 (49%) women underwent cesarean section delivery, while 45 (43%) women had normal vaginal delivery and a smaller subset of 8 (7.6%) women underwent instrumental delivery. majority of 60 (57.6%) fetuses were considered as appropriate for gestational age, 35 (33.6%) patients were considered large for gestational age and 9 patients (9.6%) as small for gestational age. The correlation between ultrasonographic estimated fetal weight and mode of delivery was noticeable in diabetic nulliparous pregnant women. CONCLUSION: We found that that utilizing ultrasound for estimating fetal weight may lead to an increased likelihood of cesarean delivery. Thus, ultrasound can accurately estimate fetal weight, which helps in determining mode for delivery and also provides detailed information about fetal growth patterns and potential abnormalities which allows for timely interventions reducing the adverse effects of maternal diabetes on pregnancy.
Study of effects of maternal age on obstetric and neonatal outcome in primiparous women; Background Maternal age is an essential determinant of obstetric and neonatal outcomes. This study aims to evaluate the impact of maternal age on these outcomes in primiparous women in Bihar. Material and methods: A retrospective community-based study was conducted on 50 primiparous women between November 2021 and July 2023 in Murho PHC, Madhepura, Bihar. Data were collected from medical records and included maternal age, obstetric outcomes (e.g., mode of delivery, gestational age at delivery, complications), and neonatal outcomes (e.g., birth weight, Apgar scores, neonatal complications). The participants were categorized into two groups: younger mothers (≤25 years) and older mothers (>25 years). Statistical analyses were performed to compare outcomes between these groups. Results: The study included 30 younger mothers and 20 older mothers. The average gestational age at delivery was 39 weeks in younger mothers and 38 weeks in older mothers. The rate of cesarean deliveries was higher in older mothers (40%) compared to younger mothers (20%). Preterm birth rates were 10% in younger mothers and 15% in older mothers. Neonatal complications, such as low birth weight and low Apgar scores, were more prevalent in infants born to older mothers. The average birth weight was 3.2 kg for younger mothers and 2.9 kg for older mothers. Conclusion: Maternal age significantly impacts obstetric and neonatal outcomes in primiparous women. Older mothers are more likely to experience adverse outcomes, including higher rates of cesarean delivery and neonatal complications. These findings underscore the importance of targeted prenatal care for older primiparous women to mitigate potential risks.
Prevalence of congenital heart defects in infants of diabetic mothers; Background Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are structural abnormalities in the heart present at birth, representing a major cause of morbidity and mortality in infants. Maternal diabetes has been implicated as a significant risk factor for CHDs. This study aims to determine the prevalence of CHDs in infants born to diabetic mothers and to identify the types of defects most commonly observed in this population. Materials and Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted involving 500 infants born to diabetic mothers at a tertiary care hospital between January 2018 and December 2022. Maternal diabetes was classified into pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Infants were screened for CHDs using echocardiography within the first week of life. Data on maternal demographics, glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes were collected and analyzed. Results Out of the 500 infants studied, 75 (15%) were diagnosed with CHDs. The prevalence of CHDs was significantly higher in infants of mothers with PGDM (20%) compared to those with GDM (10%). The most common types of CHDs identified were ventricular septal defects (VSDs) (40%), atrial septal defects (ASDs) (25%) and patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) (20%). Poor glycemic control during pregnancy was associated with a higher risk of CHDs (p < 0.01). Conclusion The study reveals a high prevalence of CHDs in infants of diabetic mothers, particularly among those with pre-gestational diabetes. These findings underscore the importance of stringent glycemic control and routine cardiac screening in pregnant women with diabetes to reduce the risk of congenital heart defects in their offspring.
PREVALENCE OF THYROID DISORDERS AND OUTCOMES ASSOCIATED WITH THYROID DISORDERS, IN ANTENATAL WOMEN ATTENDING TERTIARY CARE IN INDIA; Introduction: Thyroid dysfunction is the most common endocrinological disorder in pregnancy, only second to diabetes. If not treated, they can have adverse effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes.Maternal complications include miscarriage, anaemia, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption, preterm delivery, increased rate of caesarean section, and postpartum haemorrhage. Fetal outcomes include preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), perinatal morbidity and mortality, increased NICU admission; and neuropsychological and cognitive impairment.Thus it is important to adopt appropriate strategies to identify women at risk of these adverse outcomes for early detection and initiation of effective treatment, hence the study was undertaken. Methodology: A cross - sectional study was conducted in 400 pregnant women attending antenatal outpatient department in a tertiary care after obtaining ethical committee approval. This study was conducted from march 2020 to September 2023, after obtaining written informed consent from patients. Demographic data included maternal age, parity, years of marital life, infertility, family history of thyroid disorder, menstrual history. Maternal co-morbidities pertaining to thyroid dysfunction include history of miscarriage, anaemia, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, oligohydramnios, preterm delivery and increased rate of caesarean section. Fetal outcomes include LBW, Low Apgar score, and increased NICU admission. Routine hematological parameters and estimation of T3, T4 and TSH was conducted. The categorical variables were assessed using Pearson chi-square test and continuous variable using t test. The test was considered significant when the p value is less than 0.05. Results: The prevalence of thyroid disorders in this study was 16% (64/400 patients), with subclinical hypothyroidism (10.75%) being the commonest, followed by overt hypothyroidism (3.25%) and subclinical hyperthyroidism (2%).Thyroid disorders seen in more proportion of patients with gravida 1(68.75%) compared to gravida 2 (31.25%) which was significant. More proportion of patients with thyroid disorders have anaemia, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and significant family history when compared with euthyroid patients and this was significant statistically. Preterm labour, assisted labour and cesarean section was seen in more patients with thyroid disorders compared to euthyroid patients. Fetal complications like low birth weight, low APGAR score and need for NICU admission was seen in more babies with mothers having thyroid disorders which was significant statistically. Conclusion: Our study shows high complication rates associated with thyroid disorders in pregnancy, thus insisting on screening for thyroid disorders for better foetal and maternal outcomes
Association between Metformin Use in Early Gestational or Type 2 Diabetes in Pregnancy and Preterm Preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE:To estimate the association between maternal metformin use for the treatment of early gestational or pre-existing type 2 diabetes and preterm preeclampsia.METHODS:This is a planned secondary analysis of the MOMPOD study (Medical Optimization of Management of Overt Type 2 Diabetes in Pregnancy), a randomized trial comparing the effect of adding metformin with insulin treatment on composite neonatal outcome in singleton pregnancies with early gestational or type 2 diabetes. Participants were randomized at 11-23 weeks of gestation to 1,000 mg metformin twice daily or placebo until delivery. A subset of participants had maternal blood collected at 24-30 weeks of gestation, and serum soluble endoglin, apolipoprotein B, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase 1, placental growth factor, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, adiponectin, and vascular endothelial growth factor levels were measured. Our primary outcome was preterm preeclampsia, defined as preeclampsia requiring delivery before 37 weeks of gestation. Secondary outcomes included preterm preeclampsia requiring delivery before 34 weeks of gestation and differences in serum biomarkers. Multivariable regression analysis was used to estimate the associations between metformin use and primary or secondary study outcomes.RESULTS:Of 831 participants, 119 (14.3%) developed preeclampsia requiring delivery before 37 weeks of gestation: 57 of 416 (13.7%) in the placebo group and 62 of 415 (14.9%) in the metformin group. Thirty-seven (4.4%) developed preeclampsia requiring delivery before 34 weeks of gestation: 15 (3.6%) receiving placebo and 22 (5.3%) receiving metformin. Compared with placebo, metformin was not associated with a significant difference in the occurrence of preeclampsia before 37 weeks of gestation (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.04, 95% CI, 0.70-1.56) or before 34 weeks (aOR 1.43, 95% CI, 0.73-2.81). Similarly, there was no association between maternal metformin use and serum biomarker levels.CONCLUSION:Among parturients with early gestational or pre-existing type 2 diabetes, the addition of metformin to insulin was not associated with lower odds of preterm preeclampsia or with serum biomarkers associated with cardiovascular disease risk.
Effects of perinatal disease activity on offspring’s growth in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus; Introduction: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a prototypic autoimmune disorder with a variable clinical course, ranging from mild to severe forms. It mainly occurs in women, especially those of fertile age. The aim of the study was to systematically analyze the associations of perinatal disease activity with adverse outcomes of Chinese patients with SLE and their offspring. Material and methods: Data of prenatal SLE patients and healthy pregnant woman admitted to our hospital during the period October 2001 to January 2018 were retrospectively collected, and the status of offspring of SLE patients was followed up in March 2020. Disease activity was evaluated by SLE disease activity index 2000 (SLEDAI-2k), and those with scores > 6 were defined as having active disease. Results: In total, 198 deliveries of 194 SLE patients and 199 deliveries of healthy women were documented. Maternal and fetal adverse outcomes occurred in 74 (37.4%) and 90 (45.5%) deliveries of SLE patients, respectively, which were significantly higher than those of healthy subjects. Among SLE patients, the active group had higher rates of gestational hypertension (p < 0.001), preeclampsia/eclampsia (p < 0.001), low birth weight (p < 0.001), premature birth (p < 0.001) and fetal growth restriction (FGR) (p < 0.01) than the inactive group. Multivariate logistic analysis revealed that perinatal renal activity was associated with gestational hypertension (OR = 4.43, p < 0.001), preeclampsia/ eclampsia (OR = 9.14, p < 0.001), low birth weight (OR = 2.24, p < 0.05) and premature birth (OR = 4.20, p < 0.001). Compared with the general population, offspring of SLE patients had relatively high rates of eczema (50/142, 35.2%) and congenital heart disease (6/142, 4.2%), which were irrelevant to perinatal disease activity, but related to specific antibodies. Conclusions: For perinatal women with SLE, renal activity is associated with a variety of adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, maternal perinatal disease activity does not seem to affect the growth of their offspring.
Gender-specific characteristics of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women: Focus on pregnancy factors; The prevalence of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) is relentlessly increasing, especially in women. Therefore, an important task is search for novel markers and early predictors of the disease. Evaluation of the association between physiological factors and complications of pregnancy and the development both early and longterm heart failure (HF) is also a substantial question. The younger women cohort is of particular interest because of the high prevalence of HFpEF among women in Russia. The purpose of the review is to assess gender differences in the HF, as well as to summarize the results of studies on the association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and development of HFpEF. The article describes the gender characteristics of the development of various HF types. We considered the morphofunctional, neurohumoral and age factors associated with the HF development in women, as well as the differences in the influence of the leading risk factors for HF between men and women. Particular attention is paid to the role of pregnancy factors in the development of various HF types. The following HF development variants in women have been identified: early (peripartum) and late (diagnosed in postmenopause). The pathophysiological mechanisms of the impact of extragenital pregnancy complications on HF development are described separately. Particular attention is paid to studying the relationship between pregnancy complications and HFpEF development in the long-term prognosis, as the most characteristic form of HF for women. The leading pregnancy complications associated with HFpEF development in postmenopause are hypertensive disorders (including preeclampsia and eclampsia) and gestational diabetes mellitus. A wider study of the association of pregnancy complications with HFpEF in a woman's future is necessary to identify new mechanisms for its development.
The Impact of a Lifestyle Intervention on Postpartum Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Hispanic Women With Abnormal Glucose Tolerance During Pregnancy: Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Trial; BACKGROUND: Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with higher rates among Hispanics. However, studies on the impact of lifestyle interventions on postpartum CVD profiles are sparse. METHODS: This is a secondary analysis of a controlled trial among a subsample of Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance participating in Estudió PARTO (Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes; mean age = 28.2 y, SD: 5.8) who were randomized to a culturally modified Lifestyle intervention (n = 45) or a comparison Health and Wellness intervention (n = 55). Primary endpoints were biomarkers of cardiovascular risk (lipids, C-reactive protein, fetuin-A, and albumin-to-creatinine ratio) and insulin resistance (fasting insulin, glucose, HbA1c, homeostasis model assessment, leptin, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and adiponectin) measured at baseline (6-wk postpartum) and 6 and 12 months. RESULTS: In intent-to-treat analyses, there were no significant differences in changes in biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance over the postpartum year. In prespecified sensitivity analyses, women adherent with the Lifestyle Intervention had more favorable improvements in insulin (intervention effect = -4.87, SE: 1.93, P = .01) and HOMA-IR (intervention effect = -1.15, SE: 0.53, P = .03) compared with the Health and Wellness arm. In pooled analyses, regardless of intervention arm, women with higher postpartum sports/exercise had greater increase in HDL-cholesterol (intervention effect = 6.99, SE: 1.72, P = .0001). CONCLUSIONS: In this randomized controlled trial among Hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance, we did not observe a significant effect on postpartum biomarkers of CVD risk or insulin resistance. Women adherent to the intervention had more favorable changes in insulin and HOMA-IR.
Determinants of childbearing intentions among pregnant women with a suspected fetal congenital heart disease; BACKGROUND: The Saudi population is characterized by a high fertility rate, a conservative sociocultural context, and an ongoing societal and lifestyle transition. Yet, data regarding childbearing intentions and the associated factors is scarce. Furthermore, childbearing intention may be impacted by abnormal pregnancy events, such as the clinical suspicion or diagnosis of a fetal congenital disease and the negative experience that may result from it. OBJECTIVES: The present study explored childbearing intention and determined the sociodemographic and health-related factors discouraging from future pregnancies among women visiting the cardiology clinic for antenatal screening of congenital heart diseases (CHD). METHODS: A one-year cross-sectional study involved 150 consecutive pregnant women aged between 18 and 47 years old, who presented for antenatal screening of CHD at the fetal echocardiography clinic for, of a teaching hospital in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. An interview-based questionnaire was administered before the clinic visit and collected sociodemographic data, obstetrical history, risk factors of congenital diseases, mothers' knowledge about fetal echocardiography and CHDs, and childbearing intention (the primary outcome). RESULTS: Fetal echocardiography and CHD were correctly described by 60 % and 31.3 % of the participants respectively, while 40.7 % and 12 % recognized the association of congenital diseases with consanguinity and advanced maternal age respectively. Childbearing intentions showed 68.0 % of the participants declared desiring a future baby while the remaining 32.0 % declared having no further pregnancy expectations. Attitudes towards a hypothetical baby with CHD were positive in 97.3 % of the participants, and only 30 % declared that the fetal echocardiography results will impact their future childbearing decision. However, childbearing intention showed no significant association with knowledge or attitudes towards CHD. On the other hand, childbearing intention was independently associated with the number of children (OR=0.34; p<0.001), consanguinity with husband (OR=3.64; p = 0.010), and history of gestational diabetes (OR=0.28; p = 0.040). CONCLUSION: Fertility expectations among Saudi mothers are more likely to be impacted by the personal experience and judgment of own pregnancy fitness, while no significant impact of fetal risks and events. This demonstrates a certain level of autonomy balanced with deeply rooted religious ethics yet combined with a lack of awareness about fetal and maternal risks associated with advanced maternal age and consanguinity. We emphasize the unmet need of education and family planning.
Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an added burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, menstrual irregularity, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [preeclampsia, gestational hypertension], gestational diabetes, preterm delivery), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. Recent data indicate shared genetic architecture between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cardiovascular disease, partly explaining the excess cardiovascular risk observed in affected women across the life course. In addition, the menopause transition represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (e.g., premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Heightened cardiovascular disease risk associated with premature age of menopause extends to a diverse set of cardiovascular conditions (e.g., coronary artery disease, ischemic stroke, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and aortic valve stenosis) and does not appear to be fully explained by postmenopausal sex hormone deficiency. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors (e.g., hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes) explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate unique sex-specific disease mechanisms toward improved prediction, prevention, and treatment. History of adverse pregnancy outcomes and premature age of menopause are now incorporated in multi-society guidelines as “riskenhancing factors” to refine risk assessment for coronary heart disease and stroke and guide allocation of primary prevention statin therapy. Overall, a history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
A CASE OF EUGLYCEMIC DIABETIC KETOACIDOSIS IN A COVID-19-POSITIVE PREGNANT PATIENT; INTRODUCTION: Euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is a rare but known complication in pregnancy. Since the emergence of the novel SARS-CoV-2 virus we have witnessed many cases of unusual and severe DKA associated with this infection. DESCRIPTION: This is the case of a 45-year-old female, pregnant at 37 weeks, known with gestational diabetes (GDMA1) who presented with fever, cough, body aches, three-day history of intractable nausea and vomiting. The patient sought medical attention for intractable nausea and vomiting. Her medications were prenatal vitamins. On admission her vitals were significant for a heart rate 102 beats/minute. Physical exam was unremarkable except for dry mucosal membranes and a gravid uterus appropriate for gestational age. Her chemistry revealed a sodium of 134 mEq/L, a potassium of 4.1 mEq/L, a chloride of 111 mEq/L, a bicarbonate of 12 mEq/L, a BUN of 6mg/dL, and a creatinine of 0.7mg/dL. Her anion gap was 17 mEq/L. Her initial blood glucose was 82mg/dL. Her arterial blood gas revealed a pH of 7.27, a PaCO2 of 14 kPa, a PaO2 of 123, a bicarbonate of 6.1mmol/L, with a base deficit of -18mmol/L. She had positive ketones in her blood and urine. Lactic acid level was 1.2 mmol/L. She also had a positive SARS-CoV-2 test. In the emergency department chest radiograph and cardiac computed tomography angiography with pulmonary embolism protocol were performed. These were negative for any acute pathology. A fetal Non-stress Test (NST) was reactive. The patient was given two ampoules of sodium bicarbonate and initially hydrated with isotonic fluids. She was given antiemetics and broad spectrum antibiotics. She was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit given her SARSCoV- 2 positivity and was observed. Her acidosis worsened, and a diagnosis of Euglycemic DKA was suspected. The patient was placed on standard diabetic ketoacidosis protocol with an insulin drip and Dextrose 5% in Water. There was a marked improvement in her overall clinical picture and a resolution of her anion gapped metabolic acidosis within 12 hours of treatment. The patient recovered unremarkably and was discharged home on hospital day 5. DISCUSSION: This case shows the necessity of recognizing this lesser encountered clinical scenario. With the correct treatment resolution can rapidly be achieved.
A Rare and Serious Cause of “Blueberry Muffin Syndrome”; Urgent dermatology review was sought for a neonate born at term via emergency caesarean section for reduced movements. The pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes and infection with suspected coxsackie virus in the second trimester. There were 15 purple/blue nodules consistent with “blueberry muffin syndrome” and associated anaemia (118 g/L). Due to hypoxia, she was given antibiotics for suspected sepsis. TORCH screen was negative and USS abdomen and cranium were normal. A blood film showed B cell aplasia and LDH was raised (710 unit/L). CXR showed a mediastinal mass, left pleural effusion and left lung opacity. A skin biopsy was taken, chest drain placed and the baby transferred to Great Ormond Street. She was subsequently diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia following bone marrow and lumbar puncture. All three skin biopsies showed a malignant infiltrate with one displaying positivity for CD12 and CD33. CT and MRI scans have shown widespread nodules in the lungs, liver, kidneys, bones and intra-cranially. She is being treated with chemotherapy which has been complicated by a cardiac arrest and severe mucositis leading to colostomy. She is also NG fed and has sensorineural hearing loss. The nodules seen in “blueberry muffin syndrome” are most commonly extramedullary erythropoiesis but can also represent purpura or metastases. The causes are congenital infections, blood disorders or tumours. There is frequently associated anaemia (as in our case) and hepatosplenomegaly. This case demonstrates a rare and concerning cause of the syndrome and highlights the role dermatologists can play in diagnosis.
Factors Associated With Influenza Vaccination During Pregnancy: A Real-World Evidence-Based Study; Pregnant women are at increased risk of influenza-related complications. However, the rate of influenza vaccination among pregnant women in Taiwan is low. By analyzing real-world data in this study, we investigated the factors associated with influenza vaccination during pregnancy in Taiwan. This study was a cross-sectional study. We collected real-world data from 2 databases in Taiwan: the Birth Certificate Database and the National Health Insurance Research Database. The study population was pregnant between October 2014 and December 2016 in Taiwan. The multivariate logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with influenza vaccination, including maternal sociodemographics, trimester, comorbidities, and health-care utilization. The vaccination rate of among pregnant women was 8.2%. Factors significantly associated with a high likelihood of influenza vaccination were age between 30 and 34 years (odds ratio [OR]: 1.14; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.10-1.19), second trimester (OR: 1.80; 95% CI: 1.75-1.85), income equal to or exceeding NT$ 38 201 (OR: 1.92; 95% CI: 1.86-1.99), hypertension (OR: 1.16; 95% CI: 1.05-1.29), cardiovascular disease (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.17-1.42), autoimmune disease (OR: 1.47; 95% CI: 1.38-1.58), and chronic pulmonary disease (OR: 1.24; 95% CI: 1.18-1.31). A low level of urbanization, at least 1 hospitalization in the previous year, and the presence of pregnancy complications (eg, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa) were associated with a lower likelihood rate of influenza vaccination. The influenza vaccination rate among pregnant women in Taiwan was low. Age, gestational age, income level, urbanization level, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, autoimmune disease, chronic pulmonary disease, and pregnancy complications may be associated with influenza vaccination among pregnant women.
Reproductive health history and late life cognition in Tobagonian women; Objective: Dementia prevalence is higher for women compared to men, with women of African ancestry being especially vulnerable. Emerging evidence suggests reproductive health may play a role in dementia risk, yet no data exists in the Caribbean region. We assessed the association of reproductive health with cognition in the Tobago Women Study. Methods: Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST) and self-reported reproductive health data were obtained from 776 women aged 55.8+8.9 years in 2021-23, who reported having had at least one pregnancy. Multivariable regression models estimated the association between 5 indicators of reproductive health (age at first live birth, parity, pregnancy complications, age at menarche and menopause) and DSST score, adjusted for age and education level, and further adjusted for cardiometabolic conditions, due to their known association with DSST. Results: Among 776 women, 43 did not have any live child birth, and the average parity was 2.83+2.4. A total of 172 of 776 (22%) women in this cohort had at least one pregnancy complication; five (5)% had pre-eclampsia, 2% had gestational diabetes and 16% had another, non-specified pregnancy complication. Age at first live birth was 22.6 (5.6), age at menarche and menopause were 12.7 (1.9) and 48.9 (5.8), respectively. Older age at first live birth was positively related with DSST (standardized beta: 0.145, p<0.001); this association remained independent of cardiometabolic conditions, parity and pregnancy complications. Conversely, parity, history of pregnancy complications, age at menarche or menopause were not associated with DSST after adjustment for cardiometabolic conditions. Conclusion: In this population-based study of women of African ancestry, older age at the time of first live birth appears protective for cognitive function, independent of number of children or complications. Our results indicate potential novel strategies to protect women from dementia risk.
EVALUATION OF NEONATAL OUTCOMES IN INFANTS OF MOTHERS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS AND MACROSOMIC INFANTS; Aim To recognize the morbidities of babies born to diabetic mothers, to determine the effects of macrosomia that develops without diabetes and to determine their common or different aspects. Material and Method Prenatal, natal and postnatal period characteristics, morbidity and mortality rates of macrosomic infants of both diabetic and non-diabetic mothers in the NICU and at the maternal bedside in the last 15 years, non-macrosomic NICU infants and infants with macrosomia of 4000-4499 g, 500-4999 g and >5000 g were evaluated by univariate and multivariate analyses. Results Data from 534 infants were retrospectively analyzed. Among macrosomics, maternal blood glucose and HbA1c were higher, cardiac pathologies and polyhydramnios were more frequent in those with infant of diabetic mothers (IDM) (n=161) compared to those without IDM (n=154). Among the morbidities that were found to be significant in single analyses, the factors affecting hypoglycemia were found to be the presence of macrosomia (5.73-fold higher), increased 1st minute Apgar score (1.32-fold decrease), increased 5th minute Apgar score had 2.46-fold decreasing effect on birth traumas, increased maternal blood glucose increased sepsis 1.007-fold, and increased 5th minute Apgar score had 1.623-fold decreasing effect. In macrosomic infants, the development of transient tachypnea of neonate was 2.747 times higher, and an increase in the 5th minute Apgar score had 1.610-fold decreasing effect. In infants who underwent advanced resuscitation, the risk of developing Type 1 RDS was 4.342 times higher, and an increase in the 5-minute Apgar score had 1.764-fold decreasing effect on RDS. One unit increase in maternal blood glucose increased the risk of higher macrosomia level by 1.013 times. Conclusions Our study shows that in addition to the presence of diabetes mellitus, maternal blood glucose control and the associated degree of macrosomia affect outcomes. Further study of the similarities and differences between IDM and macrosomic infants in larger samples may be instructive.
Clinical analysis of 86 cases of acute fatty liver of pregnancy; Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics and maternal and fetal prognosis of pregnant women with acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). Methods: The clinical data of 86 AFLP pregnant women admitted to the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from September 2017 to August 2022 were collected, and their general data, clinical characteristics, laboratory tests and maternal and fetal outcomes were retrospectively analyzed. Results: (1) General information: the age of the 86 pregnant women with AFLP was (30.8±5.4) years, and the body mass index was (21.0±2.5) kg/m2. There were 50 primiparas (58.1%, 50/86) and 36 multiparas (41.9%, 36/86). There were 64 singleton pregnancies (74.4%, 64/86) and 22 twin pregnancies (25.6%, 22/86). (2) Clinical characteristics: the main complaints of AFLP pregnant women were gastrointestinal symptoms, including epigastric pain (68.6%, 59/86), nausea (47.7%, 41/86), anorexia (46.5%, 40/86), vomiting (39.5%, 34/86). The main non-gastrointestinal symptoms were jaundice of skin and/or scleral (54.7%, 47/86), edema (38.4%, 33/86), fatigue (19.8%, 17/86), bleeding tendency (16.3%, 14/86), polydipsia or polyuria (14.0%, 12/86), skin itching (8.1%, 7/86), and 17.4% (15/86) AFLP pregnant women had no obvious symptoms. (3) Laboratory tests: the incidence of liver and kidney dysfunction and abnormal coagulation function in AFLP pregnant women was high, and the levels of blood ammonia, lactate dehydrogenase and lactic acid were increased, and the levels of hemoglobin, platelet and albumin decreased. However, only 24 cases (27.9%, 24/86) of AFLP pregnant women showed fatty liver by imageology examination. (4) Pregnancy outcomes: ① AFLP pregnant women had a high incidence of pregnancy complications, mainly including renal insufficiency (95.3%, 82/86), preterm birth (46.5%, 40/86), hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (30.2%, 26/86), gestational diabetes mellitus (36.0%, 31/86), fetal distress (24.4%, 21/86), pulmonary infection (23.3%, 20/86), disseminated intravascular coagulation (16.3%, 14/86), multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (16.3%, 14/86), hepatic encephalopathy (9.3%, 8/86), and intrauterine fetal death (2.3%, 2/86). ② Treatment and outcome of AFLP pregnant women: the intensive care unit transfer rate of AFLP pregnant women was 66.3% (57/86). 82 cases were improved and discharged after treatment, 2 cases were transferred to other hospitals for follow-up treatment, and 2 cases (2.3%, 2/86) died. ③ Neonatal outcomes: except for 2 cases of intrauterine death, a total of 106 neonates were delivered, including 39 cases (36.8%, 39/106) of neonatal asphyxia, 63 cases (59.4%, 63/106) of neonatal intensive care unit admission, and 3 cases (2.8%, 3/106) of neonatal death. Conclusions: AFLP is a severe obstetric complication, which is harmful to mother and fetus. In the process of clinical diagnosis and treatment, attention should be paid to the clinical manifestations and laboratory tests of pregnant women, early diagnosis and active treatment, so as to improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Multifaceted Fontan Patients and Their Response to Pregnancy; We present 4 patients with Fontan circulation who underwent successful pregnancies, albeit with complications that required close monitoring and timely intervention. Each Fontan patient presents with a unique clinical picture, making risk stratification challenging but all the more important.
Unicuspid Aortic Valve With Severe Aortic Stenosis and Progressive Heart Failure During Pregnancy; A 39-year-old gravida 7 para 6 woman with unicuspid aortic valve and severe symptomatic stenosis was admitted to the hospital at 15 weeks gestation. We describe maternal cardiovascular complications and their implication on obstetric and fetal care. We also describe our multidisciplinary approach to caring for this complex patient.
Haematinic deficiency in pregnancy: another HELLP mimic; Haematinic deficiency is not uncommon in pregnancy. Folate deficiency is more common than B12 deficiency because of the increased uptake of folate in pregnancy, and the fact that B12 stores take much longer to deplete. Described here are five cases of anaemia in pregnancy secondary to severe haematinic deficiency with subsequent management and pregnancy outcomes. In the majority of cases, the women were proteinuric, but systemically well and normotensive. Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura and HELLP were both considered, but the identification of very abnormal folate levels of less than 3 μg/L in all and low B12 deficiency in the majority made haematinic deficiency the most likely diagnosis. They all received high dose folic acid, parenteral vitamin B12 and oral iron and made good haematological recoveries. Adequate antenatal correction of vitamin deficiency like this avoids bone marrow suppression and helps minimise poor obstetric outcomes associated with pre-existing anaemia including post-partum haemorrhage.
Acute leg pain and weakness in pregnancy: A new diagnosis of myotonic dystrophy; We present a unique case of a 44-year-old woman who presented at 29 weeks’ gestation with proximal limb pain and elevated creatine kinase. This occurred in the background of premature cataracts, atrial fibrillation and abnormal liver function. Clinical, pathological and neurodiagnostic findings supported a diagnosis of myotonic dystrophy, confirmed by genetic testing which revealed dystrophia myotonica protein kinase gene expansion. Muscle biopsy found both recent necrotising and chronic myopathic processes. Following delivery, the mother's myalgia resolved and creatine kinase quickly declined. The fetus was diagnosed with congenital myotonic dystrophy. We review the impact of myotonic dystrophy on pregnancy and discuss potential explanations for this patient's clinical course. This case emphasises the importance of considering myotonic dystrophy as a differential diagnosis in the right clinical context and the need for pre-pregnancy assessment and genetic counselling in women with known myotonic dystrophy.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with pulmonary hypertension: a retrospective study in China; Background: In recent years, with the development of monitoring conditions and the application of pulmonary vascular-targeted drugs, pregnancy outcomes in women with pulmonary hypertension (PH) have improved, but the maternal mortality rate is still high. The purpose of this study was to describe the maternal-foetal outcomes in pregnant women with PH. Methods: The clinical data of 154 pregnant women with PH who were admitted to the Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University from January 2011 to December 2020 were collected and descriptively analysed. Results: Among the 154 pregnant women with PH, 6 (3.9%) had idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension (iPAH), 41 (26.6%) had pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with congenital heart disease (CHD-PAH), 45 (29.2%) had PAH related to other diseases (oPAH), and 62 (40.3%) had PH related to left heart disease (LHD-PH). The systolic pulmonary artery pressure (sPAP) was 36–49 mmHg in 53.2% of the patients, 50–69 mmHg in 22.1% of the patients and ≥ 70 mmHg in 24.7% of the patients. Five (3.2%) pregnant women died within 1 week after delivery; iPAH patients had the highest mortality rate (3/6, 50%). Fifty-four patients (35.1%) were admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU), and the incidence of heart failure during pregnancy was 14.9%. A total of 70.1% of the patients underwent caesarean section; 42.9% had premature infants; 28.6% had low-birth-weight (LBW) infants; 13.0% had very-low-birth-weight (VLBW) infants; 3.2% had extremely-low-birth-weight (ELBW) infants; 61% had small for gestational age (SGA) infants; and 1.9% experienced neonatal mortality. Conclusion: There were significant differences in the maternal-foetal outcomes in the iPAH, CHD-PAH, oPAH and LHD-PH groups. Maternal mortality was highest in the iPAH group; therefore, iPAH patients should be advised to prevent pregnancy. Standardized and multidiscipline-assisted maternal management is the key to improving maternal-foetal outcomes.
Lipolysis and gestational diabetes mellitus onset: a case-cohort genome-wide association study in Chinese; Background: Genetic knowledge of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women is quite limited. This study aimed to identify the risk factors and mechanism of GDM at the genetic level in a Chinese population. Methods: We conducted a genome-wide association study (GWAS) based on single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) array genotyping (ASA-CHIA Bead chip, Illumina) and a case-cohort study design. Variants including SNPs, copy number variants (CNVs), and insertions-deletions (InDels) were called from genotyping data. A total of 2232 pregnant women were enrolled in their first/second trimester between February 2018 and December 2020 from Anqing Municipal Hospital in Anhui Province, China. The GWAS included 193 GDM patients and 819 subjects without a diabetes diagnosis, and risk ratios (RRs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated by a regression-based method conditional on the population structure. The calling and quality control of genotyping data were performed following published guidelines. CNVs were merged into CNV regions (CNVR) to simplify analyses. To interpret the GWAS results, gene mapping and overexpression analyses (ORAs) were further performed to prioritize the candidate genes and related biological mechanisms. Results: We identified 14 CNVRs (false discovery rate corrected P values < 0.05) and two suggestively significant SNPs (P value < 0.00001) associated with GDM, and a total of 19 candidate genes were mapped. Ten genes were significantly enriched in gene sets related to lipase (triglyceride lipase and lipoprotein lipase) activity (LIPF, LIPK, LIPN, and LIPJ genes), oxidoreductase activity (TPH1 and TPH2 genes), and cellular components beta-catenin destruction complex (APC and GSK3B genes), Wnt signalosome (APC and GSK3B genes), and lateral element in the Gene Ontology resource (BRCA1 and SYCP2 genes) by two ORA methods (adjusted P values < 0.05). Conclusions: Genes related to lipolysis, redox reaction, and proliferation of islet β-cells are associated with GDM in Chinese women. Energy metabolism, particularly lipolysis, may play an important role in GDM aetiology and pathology, which needs further molecular studies to verify.
Neonatal intensive care admission for term neonates and subsequent childhood mortality: a retrospective linkage study; Background: Neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission among term neonates is a rare event. The aim of this study was to study the association of the NICU admission of term neonates on the risk of long-term childhood mortality. Methods: A single-center case–control retrospective study between 2005 and 2019, including all in-hospital ≥ 37 weeks’ gestation singleton live-born neonates. The center perinatal database was linked with the birth and death certificate registries of the Israeli Ministry of Internal Affairs. The primary aim of the study was to study the association between NICU admission and childhood mortality throughout a 15-year follow-up period. Results: During the study period, 206,509 births were registered; 192,527 (93.22%) term neonates were included in the study; 5292 (2.75%) were admitted to NICU. Throughout the follow-up period, the mortality risk for term neonates admitted to the NICU remained elevated; hazard ratio (HR), 19.72 [14.66, 26.53], (p < 0.001). For all term neonates, the mortality rate was 0.16% (n = 311); 47.9% (n = 149) of those had records of a NICU admission. The mortality rate by time points (ratio1:10,0000 births) related to the age at death during the follow-up period was as follows: 29, up to 7 days; 20, 7–28 days; 37, 28 days to 6 months; 21, 6 months to 1 year; 19, 1–2 years; 9, 2–3 years; 10, 3–4 years; and 27, 4 years and more. Following the exclusion of congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities, NICU admission remained the most significant risk factor associated with mortality of the study population, HRs, 364.4 [145.3; 913.3] for mortality in the first 7 days of life; 19.6 [12.1; 32.0] for mortality from 28 days through 6 months of life and remained markedly elevated after age 4 years; HR, 7.1 [3.0; 17.0]. The mortality risk related to the NICU admission event, adjusted for admission diagnoses remained significant; HR = 8.21 [5.43; 12.4]. Conclusions: NICU admission for term neonates is a pondering event for the risk of long-term childhood mortality. This group of term neonates may benefit from focused health care.
Locating illness behavior as a social practice among women in Jammu city; This paper seeks to understand the patterns of social experiences of women patients by means of an empirical study undertaken in the Jammu region of the union territory of Jammu and Kashmir in India. Social factors play an immense role in determining the onset and management of lifestyle diseases among South Asian women. These social factors entail some peculiar entities that require detailed investigation. Data were collected in Government Medical College Hospital, Jammu, and its allied hospitals. Results show that for women, social factors and their impact on illness patterns have a strong bearing on their care-seeking behavior. Care-seeking behavior of women in this part of the country is determined by their social status and is determined by the meanings that are provided to these illness experiences. Therefore, physical pain and related symptoms were not found to impact these women as much as changes in their socio-familial status due to the onset of lifestyle diseases. These diseases can broadly be categorized into three categories, namely, socially stigmatising diseases, socially irrelevant diseases, and socio-economically burdensome diseases. However, these categories are not fixed for a particular disease. As the experiences of the women undergo change, so does the categorization of the disease. Hence, diabetes may be a socially irrelevant disease at one point of time. Nevertheless, as the condition of the patient deteriorates, diabetes becomes a socio-economically burdensome disease. That is why lifestyle diseases keeps circulating from one category to another every time a patient encounters a new result arising from a lifestyle disease.
Assessment of role of cranial ultrasound (CUS) in the evaluation of high-risk preterm and term neonates; Background: Cranial ultrasonography (CUS) has become an important tool to depict normal brain anatomy and to detect the ischemic and hemorrhagic brain injury patterns in high-risk neonates. The present study aimed to assess the utility of CUS to diagnose the spectrum of brain injury patterns in high-risk preterm and term neonates admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and to find the association of CUS findings in various adverse antenatal and perinatal feto-maternal factors. Results: Out of the 200 neonates, 76 (38%) neonates had abnormal CUS findings and 124 (62%) had a normal CUS. Germinal matrix hemorrhage-intraventricular hemorrhage (GMH-IVH) (28/76; 36.8 %) was the commonest abnormality with GMH (grade 1) in 14/76 (18.4%), grade 2 in 7 (9.2%), grade 3 in 5 (6.5%), and grade 4 in 2 (2.63%). The other findings observed were cerebral edema (14/76; 18.4%), thalamic hyperechogenicity (10/76; 13.1%), periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) (4/76; 5.2%), and congenital anomalies (8; 10.5%). Abnormal CUS findings had a statistically significant association with birth weight <2000 g, prematurity, Apgar score <7, and adverse peri-natal fetal and maternal factors (all p-values <0.05). Abnormal CUS findings had a statistically significant association with poor cry, poor activity, abnormal tone, and presence of cyanosis (all p-values <0.05). Conclusion: In this cohort study of high-risk preterm and term infants GMH-IVH, cerebral edema, thalamic hyperechogenicity, PVL, and congenital malformations were the commonest lesions detected on CUS. Abnormal CUS findings were found to have a statistically significant association with various adverse peri-natal fetal and maternal factors.
Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy and the risk of offspring diabetes mellitus in childhood, adolescence, and early adulthood: a nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: Maternal hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDP) have been suggested to contribute to the development of offspring cardiovascular disease later in life, but empirical evidence remains inconsistent. This study was aimed to assess the association of maternal overall and type-specific HDPs with diabetes in offspring from childhood to early adulthood. Methods: Using Danish national health registers, a total of 2,448,753 individuals born in Denmark from 1978 to 2018 were included in this study. Maternal HDP included chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. The outcome of interest was diabetes in offspring (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes). The follow-up of offspring started at birth and ended at the first diagnosis of diabetes, emigration from Denmark, death, or time end on 31 December 2018, whichever came first. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to evaluate the hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of the association between maternal HDP and diabetes (including type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes) in offspring from birth to young adulthood (up to 41 years), with the offspring’s age as the time scale. Results: During a follow-up of up to 41 (median: 19.3) years, 1247 offspring born to mothers with HDP and 23,645 offspring born to mothers without HDP were diagnosed with diabetes. Compared with offspring born to mothers without HDP, those born to mothers with HDP had an increased risk for overall diabetes (HR=1.27, 95% CI=1.20–1.34), as well as for type 2 diabetes (HR=1.57, 95% CI=1.38–1.78) and gestational diabetes (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.25–1.49). We did not observe obvious increased risk for type 1 diabetes (HR=1.08, 95% CI=0.98–1.18). Offspring of mothers with gestational hypertension (HR=1.37, 95% CI=1.00–1.88) or preeclampsia (HR=1.62, 95% CI=1.41–1.87) had higher risks of type 2 diabetes. The strongest association was observed for severe preeclampsia, with a 2-fold risk of type 2 diabetes (HR=2.00, 95% CI=1.42–2.82). The association between maternal HDP and type 1 diabetes did not reach statistical significance, except for maternal gestational hypertension (HR=1.41, 95%CI=1.17–1.71). In addition, we found that offspring born to mothers with any subtypes of maternal HDP had higher risk of gestational diabetes, and the corresponding HRs (95%CIs) for chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia were 1.60 (1.06–2.41), 1.29 (1.04–1.59), and 1.38 (1.24–1.53), respectively. We also observed stronger associations among offspring of mothers with HDP and comorbid diabetes (HR=4.64, 95%CI=3.85–5.60) than offspring of mothers with HDP or diabetes alone. Conclusions: Offspring of mothers with HDP, especially mothers with comorbid diabetes, had an increased risk of diabetes later in their life. Our findings suggest that timely and effective prevention of HDP in women of childbearing age should be taken into consideration as diabetes prevention and control strategies for their generations.
A review on the effect of garlic on diabetes, BDNF, and VEGF as a potential treatment for diabetic retinopathy; Background: Garlic is one of the favorite herbs in traditional medicine that has been reported to have many medicinal features. The aim of the current study is to review the latest documents on the effect of garlic on diabetes, VEGF, and BDNF and, finally, to review the existing studies on the effect of garlic on diabetic retinopathy. Main text: The therapeutic effect of garlic on diabetes has been investigated in various studies. Diabetes, especially in advanced stages, is associated with complications such as diabetic retinopathy, which is caused by the alteration in the expression of molecular factors involved in angiogenesis, neurodegeneration, and inflammation in the retina. There are different in-vitro and in-vivo reports on the effect of garlic on each of these processes. Considering the present concept, we extracted the most related English articles from Web of Science, PubMed, and Scopus English databases from 1980 to 2022. All in-vitro and animal studies, clinical trials, research studies, and review articles in this area were assessed and classified. Result and conclusion: According to previous studies, garlic has been confirmed to have beneficial antidiabetic, antiangiogenesis, and neuroprotective effects. Along with the available clinical evidence, it seems that garlic can be suggested as a complementary treatment option alongside common treatments for patients with diabetic retinopathy. However, more detailed clinical studies are needed in this field.
Role of foetal kidney size on kidney function in childhood: the born in bradford cohort renal study; Background: Foetal and early childhood development contributes to the risk of adult non-communicable diseases such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. We aimed to investigate whether kidney size at birth is associated with markers of kidney function at 7–11 years. Methods: Foetal kidney dimensions were measured using ultrasound scans at 34 weeks gestation and used to derive kidney volume (cm3) in 1802 participants in the Born in Bradford (BiB) birth cohort. Blood and urine samples were taken from those who participated in the BiB follow-up at 7–11 years (n = 630) and analysed for serum creatinine, cystatin C, urea, and urinary albumin to creatinine ratio (ACR), protein to creatinine ratio (PCR) and retinol binding protein (RBP). Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated using Schwartz creatinine only and combined with cystatin C, and cystatin C only Zappitelli and Filler equations. Linear regression was used to examine the association between foetal kidney volume and eGFR, ACR, PCR and blood pressure, unadjusted and adjusted for confounders. Results: Kidney volume was positively associated in adjusted models with eGFR calculated using Schwartz combined (0.64 ml/min diff per unit increase in volume, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.02), Zappitelli (0.79, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.20) and Filler (2.84, 95% CI 1.40 to 4.28). There was an association with the presence of albuminuria but not with its level, or with other urinary markers or with blood pressure. Conclusion: Foetal kidney volume was associated with small increases in eGFR in mid-childhood. Longitudinal follow-up to investigate the relationship between kidney volume and markers of kidney function as children go through puberty is required.
Effects of diabetes on microglial physiology: a systematic review of in vitro, preclinical and clinical studies; Diabetes mellitus is a heterogeneous chronic metabolic disorder characterized by the presence of hyperglycemia, commonly preceded by a prediabetic state. The excess of blood glucose can damage multiple organs, including the brain. In fact, cognitive decline and dementia are increasingly being recognized as important comorbidities of diabetes. Despite the largely consistent link between diabetes and dementia, the underlying causes of neurodegeneration in diabetic patients remain to be elucidated. A common factor for almost all neurological disorders is neuroinflammation, a complex inflammatory process in the central nervous system for the most part orchestrated by microglial cells, the main representatives of the immune system in the brain. In this context, our research question aimed to understand how diabetes affects brain and/or retinal microglia physiology. We conducted a systematic search in PubMed and Web of Science to identify research items addressing the effects of diabetes on microglial phenotypic modulation, including critical neuroinflammatory mediators and their pathways. The literature search yielded 1327 records, including 18 patents. Based on the title and abstracts, 830 papers were screened from which 250 primary research papers met the eligibility criteria (original research articles with patients or with a strict diabetes model without comorbidities, that included direct data about microglia in the brain or retina), and 17 additional research papers were included through forward and backward citations, resulting in a total of 267 primary research articles included in the scoping systematic review. We reviewed all primary publications investigating the effects of diabetes and/or its main pathophysiological traits on microglia, including in vitro studies, preclinical models of diabetes and clinical studies on diabetic patients. Although a strict classification of microglia remains elusive given their capacity to adapt to the environment and their morphological, ultrastructural and molecular dynamism, diabetes modulates microglial phenotypic states, triggering specific responses that include upregulation of activity markers (such as Iba1, CD11b, CD68, MHC-II and F4/80), morphological shift to amoeboid shape, secretion of a wide variety of cytokines and chemokines, metabolic reprogramming and generalized increase of oxidative stress. Pathways commonly activated by diabetes-related conditions include NF-κB, NLRP3 inflammasome, fractalkine/CX3CR1, MAPKs, AGEs/RAGE and Akt/mTOR. Altogether, the detailed portrait of complex interactions between diabetes and microglia physiology presented here can be regarded as an important starting point for future research focused on the microglia–metabolism interface.
Effect of vitamin D supplementation on type 2 diabetes biomarkers: an umbrella of interventional meta-analyses; Background: Vitamin D supplementation exerts several supporting effects on improving glycemic status, however, results are inconclusive. Thus, in the present study, we aimed to conduct an umbrella of meta-analysis regarding the impact of vitamin D on type 2 diabetes (T2DM) biomarkers. Methods: The Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and Google Scholar online databases were searched up to March 2022. All meta-analyses evaluating the impact of vitamin D supplementation on T2DM biomarkers were considered eligible. Overall, 37 meta-analyses were included in this umbrella meta-analysis. Results: Our findings indicated that vitamin D supplementation significantly decreased fasting blood sugar (FBS) (WMD = − 3.08; 95% CI: − 3.97, − 2.19, p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.26; 95% CI: − 0.38, − 0.14, p < 0.001), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) (WMD = − 0.05; 95% CI: − 0.10, − 0.01, p = 0.016, and SMD = − 0.16; 95% CI: − 0.27, − 0.05, p = 0.004), insulin concentrations (WMD = − 2.62; 95% CI: − 4.11, − 1.13; p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.33; 95% CI: − 0.56, − 0.11, p = 0.004), and homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) (WMD = − 0.67; 95% CI: − 1.01, − 0.32, p < 0.001, and SMD = − 0.31; 95% CI: − 0.46, − 0.16, p < 0.001). Conclusion: This umbrella meta-analysis proposed that vitamin D supplementation may improve T2DM biomarkers.
Combined maternal risk factors and the Quadruple test to predict late-onset preeclampsia in pregnant Thai women; Background: This study aimed to evaluate the predictive power of a model combining maternal risk factors and the Quadruple screen test for late-onset preeclampsia (PE). Methods: All pregnant women that received the Quadruple test for Down syndrome at 15+ 0-20+ 6 weeks’ gestation were recruited. Maternal serum α-fetoprotein, β-human chorionic gonadotropin, unconjugated estriol, and inhibin A were measured as multiples of the median. A logistic regression model was used to identify predictors associated with late-onset PE with severe features. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve and area under the curve (AUC) were used to assess the model’s predictive ability. Results: Fifty-five of the 2,000 pregnant women had PE, and 31 of 55 women had late-onset PE. Multivariate analysis identified maternal age ≥ 35 years, inhibin A, history of previous PE, history of infertile, cardiac disease, chronic hypertension, and thyroid disease as significant risk factors. The area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristic curve was 0.78. The likelihood ratio to predict late-onset PE was 49.4 (total score > 60). Conclusions: Our model combining serum inhibin A with maternal risk factors was useful in predicting late-onset PE. Close monitoring of these patients is recommended.
Pathophysiological mechanisms and therapeutic approaches in obstructive sleep apnea syndrome; Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS) is a common breathing disorder in sleep in which the airways narrow or collapse during sleep, causing obstructive sleep apnea. The prevalence of OSAS continues to rise worldwide, particularly in middle-aged and elderly individuals. The mechanism of upper airway collapse is incompletely understood but is associated with several factors, including obesity, craniofacial changes, altered muscle function in the upper airway, pharyngeal neuropathy, and fluid shifts to the neck. The main characteristics of OSAS are recurrent pauses in respiration, which lead to intermittent hypoxia (IH) and hypercapnia, accompanied by blood oxygen desaturation and arousal during sleep, which sharply increases the risk of several diseases. This paper first briefly describes the epidemiology, incidence, and pathophysiological mechanisms of OSAS. Next, the alterations in relevant signaling pathways induced by IH are systematically reviewed and discussed. For example, IH can induce gut microbiota (GM) dysbiosis, impair the intestinal barrier, and alter intestinal metabolites. These mechanisms ultimately lead to secondary oxidative stress, systemic inflammation, and sympathetic activation. We then summarize the effects of IH on disease pathogenesis, including cardiocerebrovascular disorders, neurological disorders, metabolic diseases, cancer, reproductive disorders, and COVID-19. Finally, different therapeutic strategies for OSAS caused by different causes are proposed. Multidisciplinary approaches and shared decision-making are necessary for the successful treatment of OSAS in the future, but more randomized controlled trials are needed for further evaluation to define what treatments are best for specific OSAS patients.
Targeting protein modifications in metabolic diseases: molecular mechanisms and targeted therapies; The ever-increasing prevalence of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) represents a major public health burden worldwide. The most common form of NCD is metabolic diseases, which affect people of all ages and usually manifest their pathobiology through life-threatening cardiovascular complications. A comprehensive understanding of the pathobiology of metabolic diseases will generate novel targets for improved therapies across the common metabolic spectrum. Protein posttranslational modification (PTM) is an important term that refers to biochemical modification of specific amino acid residues in target proteins, which immensely increases the functional diversity of the proteome. The range of PTMs includes phosphorylation, acetylation, methylation, ubiquitination, SUMOylation, neddylation, glycosylation, palmitoylation, myristoylation, prenylation, cholesterylation, glutathionylation, S-nitrosylation, sulfhydration, citrullination, ADP ribosylation, and several novel PTMs. Here, we offer a comprehensive review of PTMs and their roles in common metabolic diseases and pathological consequences, including diabetes, obesity, fatty liver diseases, hyperlipidemia, and atherosclerosis. Building upon this framework, we afford a through description of proteins and pathways involved in metabolic diseases by focusing on PTM-based protein modifications, showcase the pharmaceutical intervention of PTMs in preclinical studies and clinical trials, and offer future perspectives. Fundamental research defining the mechanisms whereby PTMs of proteins regulate metabolic diseases will open new avenues for therapeutic intervention.
Optimizing the timing of antenatal corticosteroid administration prior to anticipated preterm birth: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To examine suboptimal antenatal corticosteroid (ACS) administration based on indications and maternal-obstetrical factors. Methods: Women who prematurely delivered (24 + 0 to 36 + 6 gestational weeks) a viable neonate following ACS treatment between 2012 and 2019 were identified by a retrospective database review. The cohort was divided into patients in whom ACS administration was optimally timed (≥24 h to ≤7 days) or suboptimally timed (>7 days). The groups were compared for ACS indications and maternal, obstetrical, and neonatal parameters. Results: The cohort included 399 women. ACS timing was optimal in 233 patients (58%) and was associated with nulliparity (109 [46.8%] vs. 54 [32.5%], P = 0.004) and preterm premature rupture of membranes (89 [38.2%] vs. 45 [27.1%], P = 0.021). Suboptimal timing was associated with chronic hypertension (22 [9.4%] vs. 36 [21.7%], P < 0.001) and asymptomatic cervical shortening (23 [9.9%] vs. 26 [15.7%], P = 0.020). Optimal ACS timing was associated with higher neonatal intensive care unit admission (135 [58%] vs. 71 [42.8%], P = 0.003). On multivariate analysis, the adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of neonatal intensive care unit admission was 0.69 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.58–0.83, P < 0.001) and 0.99 (95% CI, 0.99–1, P = 0.003) when adjusted for gestational age and birth weight, respectively. When adjusting for maternal age, the aOR for suboptimal ACS administraion due to chronic hypertension was 2.65 (95% CI, 1.49–4.72; P < 0.001). Conclusion: Optimal timing of ACS varies based on different maternal characteristics and clinical indications. In the presence of certain parameters physicians tend to administer ACS suboptimally, diminishing its beneficial effect.
Clear cell endometrial carcinoma with high microsatellite instability in a complicated pregnancy: a case report; Background: Endometrial carcinomas are the most common female genital malignancies. They are very rare in pregnancy and worldwide less than 60 cases associated with pregnancy are published. No clear cell carcinoma has been described in a pregnancy with a live birth. Case presentation: We present the course of a 43-year-old Uyghur female patient with the diagnosis of endometrial carcinoma with a deficiency in the DNA mismatch repair system in the pregnancy. The malignancy with clear cell histology was confirmed by biopsy following the delivery via caesarean section due to preterm birth of a fetus with sonographically suspected tetralogy of Fallot. Earlier whole exome sequencing after amniocentesis had shown a heterozygous mutation in the MSH2 gene, which was unlikely to be related to the fetal cardiac defect. The uterine mass was initially deemed an isthmocervical fibroid by ultrasound and was confirmed as stage II endometrial carcinoma. The patient was consequently treated with surgery, radiotherapy and chemotherapy. Six months after the adjuvant therapy, re-laparotomy was performed due to ileus symptoms and an ileum metastasis was found. The patient is currently undergoing immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy with pembrolizumab. Conclusion: Rare endometrial carcinoma should be included in the differential diagnosis of uterine masses in pregnant women with risk factors.
Outcomes of vertex-vertex vs. vertex-breech presentation in twin pregnancy after vaginal delivery in China; Objective: To compare the maternal and neonatal outcomes of twin pregnancies between vertex and nonvertex presentations of the second twin in vaginal delivery. Methods: In this unicentric retrospective cohort study, we collected data from 213 cases of vaginal twin deliveries from January 2016 to July 2020. Participants were divided into the vertex-vertex presentation group (VV) and vertex-breech presentation group (VB). Data on maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between groups. Results: Among the 213 mothers and 426 infants (213 twin pairs), there were 140 women in the VV group and 73 women in the VB group (65.73% vs. 34.27%). Infants in the VB group had a higher incidence of admission to NICU (51.43% vs. 68.49%, p = 0.017), lower 1-min (11.43% vs. 28.77%, p < 0.001) and 5-minute Apgar scores (1.43% vs. 4.11%, p = 0.043) for the second twin. However, after the adjustment for sex of the twin, birth weight, chorionicity, and gestational age, the greater risk of admission to NICU and low 5-min Apgar score was no longer significantly different. Conclusion: VB twins are at no greater overall risk of a poor outcome due to breech presentation in the second twin. However, the presentation of the second fetus represents a risk factor for a low 1-min Apgar score. Obstetricians and midwives should consider appropriate interventions for second twins who present breech versus vertex.
Perinatal factors impacting echocardiographic left ventricular measurement in small for gestational age infants: a prospective cohort study; Introduction: Infants born small for gestational age (SGA) have an increased risk of developing various cardiovascular complications. While many influencing factors can be adjusted or adapt over time, congenital factors also have a significant role. This study, therefore, seeks to explore the effect of perinatal factors on the left ventricular (LV) parameters in SGA infants, as assessed immediately after birth. Methods and materials: This single-center prospective cohort study, conducted between 2014 and 2018, involved healthy SGA newborns born > 35 weeks’ gestation, delivered at New York-Presbyterian Brooklyn Methodist Hospital, and a gestational age (GA)-matched control group of appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants. Data analysis was performed using multivariate linear regression in STATA. Results: The study enrolled 528 neonates, 114 SGA and 414 AGA. SGA infants exhibited a mean GA of 38.05 weeks (vs. 38.54), higher male representation (69.3% vs. 51.5%), lower birth weight (BW) (2318g vs 3381g), lower Apgar scores at birth, and a higher rate of neonatal intensive care unit admission compared to AGA infants (41.2% vs.18.9%; p<0.001). Furthermore, SGA infants were more likely to be born to nulliparous women (63.16% vs. 38.16%; p<0.001), with lower body mass index (BMI) (29.8 vs. 31.7; p=0.004), a lower prevalence of gestational maternal diabetes (GDM) (14.9 % vs. 35.5%; p<0.001), and a higher prevalence of preeclampsia (18.4 % vs. 6.52%; p<0.001). BW was identified as the most significant predictor affecting most LV parameters in this study (p<0.001), except shortening fraction, asymmetric interventricular septal hypertrophy and Inter-ventricular septal thickness/LV posterior wall ratio (IVS/LVPW). Lower GA (coefficient = -0.09, p=0.002), insulin use in GDM (coefficient = 0.39, p=0.014), and low APGAR scores at 1 minute (coefficient = -0.07, p<0.001) were significant predictors of IVS during diastole (R-squared [R2]=0.24). High maternal BMI is marginally associated with LVPW during systole (R2=0.27, coefficient = 0.01, p=0.050), while male sex was a significant predictor of LV internal dimension during diastole (R2=0.29, p=0.033). Conclusion: This study highlights the significant influence of perinatal factors on LV parameters in SGA infants, with BW being the most influential factor. Although LV morphology alone may not predict future cardiovascular risk in the SGA population, further research is needed to develop effective strategies for long-term cardiovascular health management in this population.
Outcomes of pregnancy in women with different types of pulmonary hypertension; Background: Pulmonary hypertension (PH) is considered to increase maternal and fetal risk, and we attempt to explore pregnancy outcomes in women with different types of PH. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of pregnant women with PH who were admitted to Anzhen Hospital from January 2010 to December 2019, and followed up on these parturients and their offspring. Results: Three hundred and sixty-six pregnant women with PH were collected, including 265 pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with congenital heart disease (CHD), 65 PH caused by left heart disease, 12 idiopathic PH, and 24 PH associated with other diseases. Maternal mean age was 28.4 ± 4.4 years and 72.1% were nulliparous. The estimated systolic pulmonary artery pressure was < 50 mmHg in 40.2% of patients, 50–70 mmHg in 23.2%, and > 70 mmHg in 36.6%. In more than 94% of women, a diagnosis of PH was made before pregnancy. During pregnancy, heart failure occurred in 15% of patients. Cesarean section was performed in 90.5% (20.4% emergency). Complications included fetal mortality (0.5%), preterm delivery (40.4%), and low birth weight (37.7%). A total of 20 mothers died (5.5%). The highest mortality rate was found in patients with idiopathic PH (4/12, 33.3%). A total of 12 children died (3.3%), 5 (1.4%) of them after discharge from the hospital, and 7 (1.9%) were in hospital. Conclusions: Although most of these women are fertile, PH does increase maternal and fetal risk. Women with idiopathic PH and Eisenmenger syndrome are not recommended to have children.
Predicting labor onset relative to the estimated date of delivery using smart ring physiological data; The transition from pregnancy into parturition is physiologically directed by maternal, fetal and placental tissues. We hypothesize that these processes may be reflected in maternal physiological metrics. We enrolled pregnant participants in the third-trimester (n = 118) to study continuously worn smart ring devices monitoring heart rate, heart rate variability, skin temperature, sleep and physical activity from negative temperature coefficient, 3-D accelerometer and infrared photoplethysmography sensors. Weekly surveys assessed labor symptoms, pain, fatigue and mood. We estimated the association between each metric, gestational age, and the likelihood of a participant’s labor beginning prior to (versus after) the clinical estimated delivery date (EDD) of 40.0 weeks with mixed effects regression. A boosted random forest was trained on the physiological metrics to predict pregnancies that naturally passed the EDD versus undergoing onset of labor prior to the EDD. Here we report that many raw sleep, activity, pain, fatigue and labor symptom metrics are correlated with gestational age. As gestational age advances, pregnant individuals have lower resting heart rate 0.357 beats/minute/week, 0.84 higher heart rate variability (milliseconds) and shorter durations of physical activity and sleep. Further, random forest predictions determine pregnancies that would pass the EDD with accuracy of 0.71 (area under the receiver operating curve). Self-reported symptoms of labor correlate with increased gestational age and not with the timing of labor (relative to EDD) or onset of spontaneous labor. The use of maternal smart ring-derived physiological data in the third-trimester may improve prediction of the natural duration of pregnancy relative to the EDD.
Development and validation of a facile rapid assessment scale for perinatal venous thromboembolism in puerperium in Chinese women; Background: It is still urgent and challenge to develop a simple risk assessment scale for venous thromboembolism (VTE) in puerperium in Chinese women. Methods: The study, a retrospective case-control study, was conducted in 12 hospitals in different cities in China. A total of 1152 pregnant women were selected, including 384 cases with VTE and 768 cases without VTE. A logistic regression method was conducted to determine the risk factors of VTE. Results: Age, BMI before delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, family history (thrombosis, diabetes, cardiovascular disease), and assisted reproductive technology were independent risk factors (P<0.05). The difference between the high-risk group and the low-risk group was statistically significant(P<0.001) with a sensitivity of 0.578, specificity of 0.756, Yuden index o.334, and area under the ROC curve of 0.878. Conclusions: The age (≥ 35 years), BMI before delivery (≥ 30 kg/m2), gestational diabetes mellitus, family history of related diseases and assisted reproductive technology are more likely to cause VTE after full-time delivery. The simple and rapid assessment scale of VTE in women after full-term delivery has perfect discrimination (P < 0.001), which can be applied to predict the risk of VTE in Chinese full-term postpartum women.
Maternal diet quality and associations with plasma lipid profiles and pregnancy-related cardiometabolic health; Purpose: To assess the relationship of early pregnancy maternal diet quality (DQ) with maternal plasma lipids and indicators of cardiometabolic health, including blood pressure (BP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational weight gain (GWG). Methods: Women (n = 215) aged 18–40 years with singleton pregnancies were recruited at 10–20 weeks gestation. Diet quality was assessed by the Dietary Guideline Index, calculated at early ([mean ± SD]) (15 ± 3 weeks) and late (35 ± 2 weeks) pregnancy. Lipidomic analysis was performed, and 698 species across 37 lipid classes were measured from plasma blood samples collected at early (15 ± 3 weeks) and mid (27 ± 3 weeks)-pregnancy. Clinical measures (BP, GDM diagnosis, weight) and blood samples were collected across pregnancy. Multiple linear and logistic regression models assessed associations of early pregnancy DQ with plasma lipids at early and mid-pregnancy, BP at three antenatal visits, GDM diagnosis and total GWG. Results: Maternal DQ scores ([mean ± SD]) decreased significantly from early (70.7 ± 11.4) to late pregnancy (66.5 ± 12.6) (p < 0.0005). At a false discovery rate of 0.2, early pregnancy DQ was significantly associated with 13 plasma lipids at mid-pregnancy, including negative associations with six triglycerides (TGs); TG(54:0)[NL-18:0] (neutral loss), TG(50:1)[NL-14:0], TG(48:0)[NL-18:0], TG(52:1)[NL-18:0], TG(54:1)[NL-18:1], TG(50:0)[NL-18:0]. No statistically significant associations were found between early pregnancy DQ and BP, GDM or GWG. Conclusion: Maternal diet did not adhere to Australian Dietary Guidelines. Diet quality was inversely associated with multiple plasma TGs. This study provides novel insights into the relationship between DQ, lipid biomarkers and cardiometabolic health during pregnancy.
Telehealth in antenatal care: recent insights and advances; Background: For decades, antenatal care in high-resource settings has involved 12–14 face-to-face visits across pregnancy. The COVID-19 pandemic forced many care providers to rapidly embrace telehealth to reduce face-to-face visits. Here we review recent advances in telehealth used to provide antenatal care. Main body: We conducted a narrative review examining the impact of telehealth on obstetric care. Two broad types of telehealth are used in antenatal care. The first is real-time telehealth, where consultations are done virtually instead of face-to-face. The second is remote monitoring, where in-clinic physical examinations are replaced with at-home alternatives. These can include blood pressure monitoring, fetal heart rate monitoring, and emerging technologies such as tele-ultrasound. Large cohort studies conducted during the pandemic era have shown that telehealth appears not to have increased adverse clinical outcomes for mothers or babies. However, further studies may be required to confidently conclude rare outcomes are unchanged, such as maternal mortality, serious morbidity, or stillbirth. Health economic studies suggest telehealth has the potential to reduce the financial cost of care provision. Telehealth in antenatal care seems to be acceptable to both pregnant women and healthcare providers. Conclusion: Adoption of telehealth technologies may improve the antenatal care experience for women and reduce healthcare expenditure without adversely impacting health outcomes for the mother or baby. More studies are warranted to confirm telehealth does not alter the risk of rare outcomes such as maternal or neonatal mortality.
The impact of macrosomia on cardiometabolic health in preteens: findings from the ROLO longitudinal birth cohort study; Background: Macrosomia (birthweight ≥ 4 kg or ≥ 4.5 kg) is strongly associated with a predisposition to childhood obesity, which in turn is linked with adverse cardiometabolic health. Despite this, there is a lack of longitudinal investigation on the impact of high birthweight on cardiometabolic outcomes in youth. The preteen period represents an important window of opportunity to further explore this link, to potentially prevent cardiometabolic profiles worsening during puberty. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of 9–11-year-olds (n = 405) born to mothers in the ROLO longitudinal birth cohort study, who previously delivered an infant with macrosomia. Preteens were dichotomised into those born with and without macrosomia, using two common cut-off criteria (birthweight ≥ 4 kg (n = 208) and < 4 kg; ≥ 4.5 kg (n = 65) and < 4.5 kg). Cardiometabolic health was assessed using anthropometry, dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, blood pressure, heart rate, cardiorespiratory endurance (20-m shuttle run test), and non-fasting serum biomarkers for a subgroup (n = 213). Statistical comparisons between the two groups were explored using independent t-tests, Mann–Whitney U tests, and Chi-square tests. Crude and adjusted linear regression models investigated associations between macrosomia and preteen cardiometabolic outcomes. Results: In total, 29.3% (n = 119) of preteens had overweight/obesity based on their BMI z-score. Preteens born ≥ 4 kg had lower median (IQR) C3 concentrations (1.38 (1.22, 1.52) g/L vs. 1.4 (1.26, 1.6) g/L, p = 0.043) and lower median (IQR) ICAM-1 concentrations (345.39 (290.34, 394.91) ng/mL vs. 387.44 (312.91, 441.83) ng/mL, p = 0.040), than those born < 4 kg. Those born ≥ 4.5 kg had higher mean (SD) BMI z-scores (0.71 (0.99) vs. 0.36 (1.09), p = 0.016), and higher median (IQR) lean mass (24.76 (23.28, 28.51) kg vs. 23.87 (21.9, 26.79) kg, p = 0.021), than those born < 4.5 kg. Adjusted linear regression analyses revealed birthweight ≥ 4 kg was negatively associated with C3 concentration (g/L) (B = − 0.095, 95% CI = − 0.162, − 0.029, p = 0.005) and birthweight ≥ 4.5 kg was positively associated with weight z-score (B = 0.325, 95% CI = 0.018, 0.633, p = 0.038), height z-score (B = 0.391, 95% CI = 0.079, 0.703, p = 0.014), lean mass (kg) (B = 1.353, 95% CI = 0.264, 2.442, p = 0.015) and cardiorespiratory endurance (B = 0.407, 95% CI = 0.006, 0.808, p = 0.047). Conclusion: This study found no strong evidence to suggest that macrosomia is associated with adverse preteen cardiometabolic health. Macrosomia alone may not be a long-term cardiometabolic risk factor. Trial registration ISRCTN54392969 registered at www.isrctn.com .
Analysis of cortisol mechanism to predict common genes between PCOS and its co-morbidities; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial endocrine disorder and one of the main causes of PCOS is hormonal imbalance due to lifestyle changes. Estrogen, progesterone, testosterone, cortisol and melatonin are the major hormones that regulate the menstrual cycle and other endocrine disorders in women. The hormone cortisol, in particular, can lead to many comorbid conditions related to PCOS. In this proposed work, PubMed articles were mined using R program to retrieve target genes for PCOS. The NCBI Gene/Genome database was used to download PCOS genes, and genes related to cortisol and major comorbid diseases. Then, commonly intersecting genes among PCOS–Cortisol–Comorbids were identified. From the obtained results, the top seven genes were considered as Hub–Bottleneck genes based on the Degree and Betweenness values of the 26 intersecting (merged) genes. Functional annotation and pathway analysis were performed to examine significant pathways of Hub–Bottleneck genes.
Caring for the hypertensive newborn: a prospective evaluation of risk factors, clinical profile, management, and predictors of outcome of neonatal hypertension; With the advancement of neonatal care and routine blood pressure monitoring, neonatal hypertension (NHT) has been increasingly recognised over the past few decades. NHT is known to cause target organ damage and risk of renal dysfunction later in life. However, diagnosis and management of NHT remain challenging, and there is a lack of evidence on the persistence of hypertension beyond the neonatal period and factors predicting its severity. This study aimed to identify risk factors, clinical profiles, predictors of the severity of hypertension, and short-term outcomes of NHT. A cohort of neonates diagnosed with hypertension requiring pharmacotherapy from September 2019 to July 2021 was prospectively enrolled. Demographic data, risk factors, the severity of hypertension, target organ damage, and follow-up for the persistence of hypertension at 3, 6, and 12 months of age were recorded. Of 1682 neonates admitted during this period, 34 had hypertension requiring pharmacotherapy, with a hospital incidence rate of 2%. Of these, 19 (55.9%) were preterm, 14 (41.2%) very low birth weight, and 15 (44.1%) were small for gestational age. Malignant hypertension was seen in 29 (85%) cases, moderate hypertension in 5 (15%) cases, and target organ damage (heart, brain, liver) was seen in 10 (29.4%) cases. On univariate and multivariate regression, an increasing total number of postnatal risk factors was an independent predictor of the occurrence of hypertensive crisis (OR = 3.5, p = 0.04; 95% CI 1.06–11.42). A significant positive correlation (p = 0.004) was observed between total number of postnatal risk factors and the duration of hospital stay. Renal causes of hypertension were identified significantly earlier (day 14 vs. 23, p = 0.01, 95% CI 2.5–17) and had shorter hospital stay (24 vs 45 days, p = 0.002, 95% CI 834). At 3 months follow-up, 7 (20.6%) babies were still requiring antihypertensive therapy, and 1 (3%) required antihypertensives at 6 and 12 months of age. Conclusion: NHT is a clinically important but underrecognised entity. Hypertension was seen in preterm, low birth weight neonates and associated with certain maternal and postnatal risk factors, with majority responding to a single drug. Neonates with multiple comorbid illnesses need careful monitoring for hypertension as they are at a higher risk of developing hypertensive crisis. Most NHT cases were normotensive at the time of discharge and did not require pharmacotherapy beyond the neonatal period. What is Known: • Neonatal hypertension (NHT) is an under-recognised entity, and the spectrum of clinical presentation varies from asymptomatic to severe target organ damage. • Hypertension is commonly seen in preterm, low birth weight neonates and associated with certain maternal and postnatal risk factor. What is New: • NHT is mostly transient, but intrauterine growth retardation, use of antenatal steroids, renal dysfunction due to congenital anomalies, drugs, and chronic lung disease may lead to the persistence of hypertension beyond the neonatal period. • Neonates with multiple comorbid illnesses need careful monitoring for hypertension as they are at a higher risk of developing hypertensive crisis. Three-fourths of hypertensive neonates respond to a single antihypertensive drug, and only one-fourth of patients required an additional drug to control hypertension. Most neonates respond to short duration of treatment, and only a few patients require long-term therapy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies—a scoping review; Background: Globally, gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1 in 6 pregnancies and increases future risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the affected women. There is a lack of consensus on the optimal follow-up of these women. eHealth is emerging as a health care tool, but its practical utility and advantages over standard care in the follow-up after pregnancy complications remains to be determined. Our aim was to systematically review the existing literature on cardiovascular follow-up after gestational diabetes, the utility of eHealth technology for this purpose, and to identify research gaps. Methods: We performed a systematic scoping review following a published protocol and the Joanna Briggs methodology for studies up until May 2022. Four databases were searched: Ovid MEDLINE, Embase, Maternity and Infant Care, and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Primary research articles and systematic reviews were included in the final analyses. Two reviewers independently screened abstracts and performed full text assessment. Data was extracted using a data charting form. In all stages of the process, if consensus was not reached, a third reviewer was consulted. The findings from the data charting process provided the basis for summarizing the findings from the included studies. Results: The search of the databases generated 2772 hits. After removing duplicates and manually adding a total of 19 studies, reviews, and guidelines, a total of 2769 titles and abstracts were screened, and 97 papers underwent full-text review. In the final analyses, 15 articles and 12 systematic reviews were included, whereas guidelines are presented as supplementary material. No studies were identified that examined follow-up regarding long-term overall cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes. Various lifestyle interventions were tested for individual cardiovascular risk factors, with diverging effects. eHealth technologies were found acceptable by participants but had no consistent, statistically significant effect on relevant health outcomes. Conclusions: This scoping review of the existing literature revealed neither an established systematic cardiovascular follow-up strategy for women after gestational diabetes nor evidence that eHealth technologies are superior to conventional follow-up. Further research into the utility of eHealth in cardiovascular follow-up after complicated pregnancies should include longer-term follow-up and core cardiovascular outcomes. Systematic review registration: The protocol for this scoping review was published at Open Science Framework (osf.io/p5hw6).
Fetal echocardiography changes of the right ventricle of well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: There is few evidence of right ventricular (RV) function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, the aim of this study was to assess the RV function of fetuses using routine and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography (2D STE) to determine the effects of well-controlled GDM in the third trimester. Methods: We used a Philips Epiq7C ultrasound instrument to obtain RV data sets from 63 subjects from July 2019 to February 2022. We compared the free wall thickness (FWT), fractional area change (FAC), Tei index (TEI), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and free wall longitudinal strain(FWLS)of the RV in mothers with well-controlled GDM and normal gestational age-matched fetuses. Results: 63 third trimester fetuses (32 GDM; 31 healthy controls) met the enrolment criteria. Significant differences in fetal RV were detected between the GDM and control groups for the FAC (36.35 ± 6.19 vs. 41.59 ± 9.11; P = 0.008) and the FWLS (-18.28 ± 4.23 vs. -20.98 ± 5.49; P = 0.021). There was a significant difference among the segmental strains of the base, middle and apex of the RV free wall in the healthy controls (P = 0.003), but in the GDM group, there was no statistical difference (p = 0.076). RV FWLS had a strong correlation with FAC (r = 0.467; P = 0.0002). Conclusions: In well-controlled GDM, there was measurable fetal RV hypertrophy and significant systolic function decline, indicating the presence of ventricular remodeling and dysfunction. 2D-STE can evaluate the RV free wall contraction in a more comprehensive way.
The impact of epilepsy and antiseizure medications on pregnancy and neonatal outcomes: A nationwide cohort study; Purpose: Our objective was to assess the adverse outcomes during pregnancy, as well as for the fetus and neonates, in women with epilepsy, both with and without the use of antiseizure medications (ASMs). Methods: A cohort of singleton pregnancies between January 1, 2004 and December 31, 2014 was identified using the Taiwan National Health Database. The pregnancies were categorized into ASM exposure, ASM nonexposure, and control (consisting of women without an epilepsy diagnosis) groups. We recorded adverse outcomes in neonates and documented pregnancy complications. The generalized estimating equation with logit link was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios. Results: There were 629 singleton pregnancies in the group exposed to ASMs, 771 in the epilepsy group without ASM exposure, and 2,004,479 in the control group. Women with epilepsy had a significantly higher risk of puerperal cerebrovascular diseases (adjusted odds ratios in the exposure and nonexposure groups = 54.46 and 20.37, respectively), respiratory distress syndrome (5.1 and 2.99), mortality (3.15 and 3.22), sepsis (2.67 and 2.54), pregnancy-related hypertension (1.71 and 1.8), preeclampsia (1.87 and 1.79), cesarean delivery (1.72 and 2.15), and preterm labor (1.38 and 1.56). The use of ASMs may increase the risk of eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio = 12.27). Compared to controls, fetuses/neonates born to women with epilepsy had a higher risk of unexplained stillbirth (adjusted odds ratios in the exposure and nonexposure groups = 2.51 and 2.37, respectively), congenital anomaly (1.37 and 1.33), central nervous system malformation (3.57 and 2.25), low birth weight (1.90 and 1.97), and a low Apgar score at 5 min (2.63 and 1.3). The use of ASMs may introduce an additional risk of small for gestational age; the adjusted odds ratio was 1.51. Conclusion: Women with epilepsy, irrespective of their exposure to ASMs, had a slightly elevated risk of pregnancy and perinatal complications. Puerperal cerebrovascular diseases may be a hidden risk for women with epilepsy.
C-reactive protein during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicts adverse metabolic health outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with gestational diabetes; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher insulin resistance and/or reduced secretion, an increased risk of future diabetes and cardiovascular disease, which may be due to a pathological activation of the innate immune system. C-reactive protein (CRP) is induced by inflammatory cytokines and reflects innate immune activity. We investigated the prospective associations between CRP during the perinatal period with adverse metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum in women with previous GDM. Methods: We analyzed data from the MySweetheart trial that included 211 women with GDM at 28–32 weeks gestational age (GA). CRP was measured during pregnancy at 28-32 weeks GA, at 6–8 weeks and at 1 year postpartum. Metabolic outcomes at 1 year postpartum included weight, total and central body fat, measures of insulin resistance and secretion and presence of the metabolic syndrome (MetS). A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test was performed to measure glucose and insulin values every 30 min over 2 h to calculate indices of insulin resistance (MATSUDA, HOMA-IR) and of absolute (AUCins/glu, HOMA-B) and insulin resistance-adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2). Results: CRP during pregnancy and at 6–8 weeks postpartum predicted increased weight, body fat and visceral adipose tissue (VAT), insulin resistance (higher HOMA-IR, lower MATSUDA), absolute insulin secretion (HOMA-B, AUCins/glu), a reduced adjusted insulin secretion (ISSI-2) and a higher prevalence of the MetS at 1 year postpartum (all p ≤ 0.036). These relationships particularly those concerning CRP during pregnancy, were independent of weight (for VAT, insulin resistance and secretion indices, MetS; all p ≤ 0.032) and of body fat (for VAT, MATSUDA, MetS; all p ≤ 0.038). Conclusion: CRP during pregnancy and in the early postpartum predicted an adverse cardio-metabolic profile in women with prior GDM at 1 year postpartum independent of weight. The prospective association of CRP with increased insulin resistance and reduced adjusted insulin secretion hint to the role of inflammation in the development of impaired metabolism after GDM and could be used as an early marker for risk stratification.
Fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity: A potential threat for programming cardiovascular disease; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal obesity (MO) increase the risk of adverse fetal outcomes, and the incidence of cardiovascular disease later in life. Extensive research has been conducted to elucidate the underlying mechanisms by which GDM and MO program the offspring to disease. This review focuses on the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in programming the offspring for cardiovascular disease in GDM and MO pregnancies. We discuss how pre-existing maternal health conditions can lead to vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit and the fetus. We also examine the role of fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction in impairing fetal cardiovascular system development and the involvement of nitric oxide and hydrogen sulfide in mediating fetoplacental vascular dysfunction. Furthermore, we suggest that the L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide and the Adenosine-L-Arginine-Nitric Oxide (ALANO) signaling pathways are pertinent targets for research. Despite significant progress in this area, there are still knowledge gaps that need to be addressed in future research.
No effect of multi-strain probiotic supplementation on metabolic and inflammatory markers and newborn body composition in pregnant women with obesity: Results from a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study; Background and aims: Modulation of the gut microbiome composition with probiotics may have beneficial metabolic effects in pregnant women with obesity. The aim was to investigate the effect of probiotic supplementation during pregnancy on metabolic and inflammatory markers and the body composition of the offspring. Methods and results: A randomized double-blind trial in 50 pregnant women (pre-pregnancy BMI ≥30 and < 35 kg/m2) comparing multi-strain probiotics (Vivomixx®; 450 billion CFU/d) versus placebo from 14 to 20 weeks of gestation until delivery was carried out. Participants were followed with two predelivery visits at gestational week 27–30 and 36–37 and with one postdelivery visit. All visits included fasting blood samples (C-reactive protein (CRP), alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), insulin, C-peptide, glucose, glucagon, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1)). At delivery, umbilical cord blood samples were collected (GLP-1 and glucagon). At the postdelivery visit, a dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA) scan of the newborn was performed. Forty-nine of 50 participants completed the study until delivery, and 36 mother-offspring dyads underwent postdelivery examinations including a DXA scan. There were no significant differences in changes in measured biomarkers between the probiotic versus the placebo group. No differences were found in newborn body composition or GLP-1 and glucagon. GLP-1 measured in umbilical blood samples was positively correlated to fat percent in offspring from the probiotic group. Conclusion: In this study of pregnant women with obesity and their newborns, there was no effect of probiotic supplementation in mothers or babies on metabolic or inflammatory biomarkers or on body composition of offspring. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov as NCT02508844.
Chest pain and cardiovascular diseases in women: Diagnostics and treatment; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of global mortality not only in men but also in women. The incidence of CVD significantly increases in women, especially after the menopause. Sex and gender differences in the incidence, prevalence and mortality of CVD are due to hormonal, anatomical, and sociocultural differences. As part of the primary and secondary prevention of coronary heart disease (CHD), risk factors specific for women, such as autoimmune diseases and pregnancy-associated diseases (e.g., gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia) should also be taken into account in addition to the classical cardiovascular risk factors. Furthermore, in women with angina pectoris it should be considered that women in particular frequently suffer from ischemia with nonobstructive coronary arteries (INOCA) that can be caused, for example, by coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) or coronary spasms. Based on this, the diagnostics should not be terminated in symptomatic women after coronary angiography with normal epicardial vessels. A targeted diagnostics for CMD and coronary spasms should be carried out at an early stage.
Association of Maternal Cigarette Smoking with Neonatal Death: A Population-Based Cohort Study; Introduction: Maternal pregnancy smoking has adverse perinatal outcomes and the relationship between maternal smoking and neonatal death has not been fully elucidated. We aimed to examine the risk of neonatal death in relation to maternal smoking and to quantify potential mediators of these associations. Methods: We did a population-based cohort study using Period Linked Birth-Infant Death data from 2016 to 2019 in the US National Vital Statistics System. The exposure was maternal smoking status. The main outcome was neonatal death. Association between maternal smoking and neonatal death was estimated through logistic regression. Mediation analysis was performed to assess the extent to which the association between maternal smoking and neonatal death was mediated by neonatal complications. Results: The final sample consisted of 14,717,020 mothers with live singleton births. The overall neonatal mortality rate was 2.2 per 1,000 live births. Maternal pregnancy smoking was associated with an increased risk of neonatal death {adjusted odds ratio (aOR, 1.33 [95% CI, 1.28-1.38]; p < 0.001)}, while smoking cessation during the whole pregnancy showed a comparable risk of neonatal death with nonsmokers (aOR, 1.06 [95% CI, 0.99-1.14]; p = 0.116). Mediation analysis indicated that the association between pregnancy smoking and neonatal death might be mainly mediated by preterm birth and low Apgar score at 5 min. Conclusions: Maternal pregnancy smoking, regardless of pregnancy trimester and intensity, was associated with increased risk of neonatal death. Efforts are needed for policymakers to promote smoking cessation before pregnancy, and professional perinatal care should be provided for those who smoked during pregnancy.
Correction: Gestational diabetes mellitus, follow-up of future maternal risk of cardiovascular disease and the use of eHealth technologies – a scoping review (Systematic Reviews, (2023), 12, 1, (178), 10.1186/s13643-023-02343-w); Following publication of the original article [1], the authors found one mistake while reading the article. In Fig. 1 as follows, in the second box in the right column, it should be “2672 studies irrelevant”. (Figure presented.) PRISMA flowchart The correct figure is shown here and the original article has been corrected.
Assessment of Myocardial Function in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Using Deformation Imaging over the First Year of Age; Objective: To assess serial myocardial performance and pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) over the first year of life. Study design: This was a prospective, observational study. Echocardiography was performed at birth, 6 months, and 1 year of age. Pulmonary artery acceleration time and left ventricular (LV) eccentricity index provided surrogate measurements of PVR. Biventricular function was assessed by tissue Doppler imaging and deformation analysis. Results: Fifty infants of mothers with GDM were compared with 50 controls with no difference in gestation (38.9 ± 0.8 weeks vs 39.3 ± 0.9 weeks; P = .05) or birthweight (3.55 ± 0.49 kg vs 3.56 ± 0.41 kg; P = .95). At 1 year of age, the pulmonary artery acceleration time was lower (70 ± 11 vs 79 ± 10; P = .01) in the GDM group. LV global longitudinal strain (24.7 ± 1.9 vs 28.8 ± 1.8 %; P < .01), LV systolic strain rate (1.8 ± 0.2 vs 2.1 ± 0.3 1/s; P < .01), and RV free wall strain (31.1 ± 4.8 vs 34.6 ± 3.9 %; P < .01) were lower in the GDM cohort at 1 year of age (all P values adjusted for gestation, mode of delivery, and maternal body mass index). Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate higher indices of PVR and lower biventricular function in infants of mothers with GDM compared with controls at each time point assessed in this study over the first year of life.
New Insights into Prospective Health Potential of ω-3 PUFAs; Purpose of Review: Docosahexaenoic acid and eicosapentaenoic acid are the two essential long-chain ω-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (ω-3 PUFAs) promoting human health which are obtained from diet or supplementation. The eicosanoids derived from ω-6 and ω-3 PUFAs have opposite characteristics of pro- and anti-inflammatory activities. The proinflammatory effects of ω-6 PUFAs are behind the pathology of the adverse health conditions of PUFA metabolism like cardiovascular diseases, neurological disorders, and inflammatory diseases. A balanced ω-6 to ω-3 ratio of 1–4:1 is critical to prevent the associated disorders. But due to modern agricultural practices, there is a disastrous shift in this ratio to 10–20:1. This review primarily aims to discuss the myriad health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs uncovered through recent research. It further manifests the importance of maintaining a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio. Recent Findings: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit protective effects against diabetes mellitus–associated complications including diabetic retinopathy, diabetic nephropathy, and proteinuria. COVID-19 is also not an exception to the health benefits of ω-3 PUFAs. Supplementation of ω-3 PUFAs improved the respiratory and clinical symptoms in COVID-19 patients. Summary: ω-3 PUFAs exhibit a variety of health benefits including anti-inflammatory property and antimicrobial property and are effective in protecting against various health conditions like atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus, COVID-19, and neurological disorders. In the present review, various health potentials of ω-3 PUFAs are extensively reviewed and summarized. Further, the importance of a balanced ω-6 to ω-3 PUFA ratio has been emphasized besides stating the diverse sources of ω-3 PUFA.
Headaches during pregnancy and the risk of subsequent stroke; Background: Primary headache disorder is a known risk factor for stroke in women and usually improves during the first trimester of pregnancy. However, despite this, some women develop headaches during pregnancy (G-HA), and the effect of this headache on subsequent stroke is unknown. In this study, we evaluated the association between G-HA and stroke after delivery in women. Methods: Based on the Korean National Health Insurance Service database, we included women hospitalized for delivery between 2012 and 2013. G-HA was defined as a headache diagnosed during pregnancy. Primary outcome was any stroke that occurred during the observational periods from delivery to December 31, 2020. All diseases were identified based on data registered in the database using the International Classification of Disease-10th Revision-Clinical Modification codes. Results: Of 906,187 pregnant women, G-HA was found in 56,813 (6.3%). During the observational periods, the G-HA (+) group had a significantly higher risk of any stroke [adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) = 1.59, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.30–1.95], ischemic stroke (aHR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.12–2.01), hemorrhagic stroke (aHR = 1.63, 95% CI: 1.23–2.15), and intracerebral hemorrhage (aHR = 1.63, 95% CI: 1.19–2.23) than the G-HA (-) group. When analyzed considering the interaction with history of headache disorder, G-HA showed a significant association with hemorrhagic stroke, but lost its effect on ischemic stroke. Conclusions: We demonstrated that G-HA was associated with subsequent stroke occurrence after delivery. However, the relationship between G-HA and ischemic stroke is mitigated by a history of pre-pregnancy headache disorder.
Hypertensive pregnancy complications and maternal characteristics as predictors of cardiovascular health within ten years after delivery; Objective: To identify the combination of maternal characteristics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) associated with hypertensive and other cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) within ten years following delivery. The aim is to understand who should receive the most intensive primary cardiovascular disease prevention. Study design: A prospective cohort study. Main outcome: The population was the FINNPEC cohort (2008–2011), including women with (n = 1837) and without (n = 847) HDP. The main exposures were maternal hypertensive pregnancy complications linked with maternal pregnancy data from hospital records. The outcomes were hypertensive diseases and other CVDs (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). Results: Women with de novo pre-eclampsia (PE) had an elevated risk for hypertensive diseases within ten years following delivery. The risk of CVD was increased in women with superimposed PE and chronic hypertension (CHT) only. Women with de novo PE and hypertensive diseases were more often primiparous (41.4% vs. 23.0%, p = 0.020), had gestational diabetes (GDM) (31.0% vs. 11.7%, p = 0.002), and higher pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) (28.7 ± 5.8 vs. 24.6 ± 4.8 kg/m2, p = 0.001), compared with women who remained normotensive. Women with superimposed PE with CVD had more likely early-onset PE, preterm delivery and were older than women without later CVD. Conclusions: Healthcare professionals should target early prevention of CVDs in women with chronic hypertension during pregnancy; of those who developed superimposed PE prior to 34th weeks of gestation and who delivered preterm. Women with de novo PE who are overweight/obese, primiparous, and with concurrent GDM need regular blood pressure monitoring.
Impact of obesity on female puberty and pubertal disorders; The worldwide epidemic of obesity appears to be one of the crucial health problems. One-third of children and adolescents in the United States are classified as either overweight or obese and 6% of adolescents are severely obese. With the development of high technology, children, and adolescents, spend more time in sedentary life. Together with the availability of consuming fast caloric food, it is almost unavoidable to get an imbalance between caloric intake and caloric expenditure of energy, resulting in the accumulation of fat-energy stores. Obesity has an enormous impact on physical and psychological health and is associated with more than 29 adverse health consequences previously identified in the adult population only, such as type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, postmenopausal breast cancer, and others. In addition, excess adiposity may exert a harmful effect on the reproductive system, resulting in precocious puberty, irregular menstrual cycle, polycystic ovary syndrome, and high-risk sexual behavior. Intervention programs for healthy lifestyle modification, consisting of caloric restriction together with physical activity did not gain the expected efficacy. Other approaches as medical and surgical therapies are currently not evidence-based for the young population. The obesity crisis in children and adolescents requires a better understanding of etiology, pathophysiology, and management of obesity in this unique population. Researchers and physicians must “turn over every stone” to find a solution for deviating obesity ascent.
Postpartum follow-up of women with preeclampsia: facilitators and barriers — A qualitative study; Background: Pregnancy causes physiological changes to the maternal organ systems that can be regarded as a cardiometabolic stress test for women. Preeclampsia, a pregnancy complication characterized by new onset of hypertension in combination with proteinuria or end-organ dysfunction, affects approximately 2–8% of pregnancies. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, have been described as a failed stress test and have been consistently linked with increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. The postpartum period is therefore often regarded as a window of opportunity for cardiovascular disease prevention. However, we lack knowledge about how women with preeclampsia experience current postpartum care in the Norwegian health system. The aim of this qualitative study is to uncover women’s perspectives and preferences regarding postpartum follow-up. Methods: Semi-structured telephone interviews were conducted with 17 women following a six-month lifestyle intervention study. Participants were 9–20 months postpartum, following a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Data were analyzed using Malterud’s systematic text condensation. Results: We identified five themes, each with 2–3 subthemes, that demonstrate how women with recent preeclampsia experience postpartum follow-up: (1) fear and uncertainty (a body out of balance and facing an uncertain future), (2) a conversation on lifestyle – not really that difficult (preeclampsia as a gateway, a respectful approach, and a desire for more constructive feedback), (3) when your own health is not a priority (a new everyday life, out of focus, and lack of support), (4) motivation for lifestyle changes (an eye opener, lack of intrinsic motivation, and a helping hand), and (5) lack of structured and organized follow-up (there should be a proper system, a one-sided follow-up care, and individual variation in follow-up care). Conclusions: Findings from this study highlight the need for more systematic postpartum follow-up for women after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Further research is required to explore the potential use of standardized guidelines and routine invitations to postpartum care. Furthermore, exploring health care professionals’ experiences is crucial to ensure their engagement in postpartum care after complicated pregnancies.
Associations of elevated glucose levels at each time point during OGTT with fetal congenital heart diseases: a cohort study of 72,236 births; Background: It remains unclear how the condition of glucose metabolism during pregnancy affects fetal outcomes. This study aimed to investigate the associations of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and elevated glucose levels at each time point during oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with congenital heart disease (CHD) risk in offspring. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of mothers with singleton pregnancies of 20 weeks or more registered at Maternal and Child Health Centers in Fujian Province, China. The OGTT results and offspring CHD occurrence were collected. We used logistic regression to analyse the association between elevated blood glucose at each time point during OGTT and CHD. Results: A total of 71,703 normal and 533 CHD fetuses were included. Compared to the corresponding normal group, women with GDM, elevated blood glucose at different time points in OGTT (0 h ≥ 5.1 mmol/L, 1 h ≥ 10 mmol/L, and 2 h ≥ 8.5 mmol/L) showed an increased risk of CHD in offspring (adjusted OR = 1.41, 1.36, 1.37, and 1.41, all P < 0.05, respectively). Compared to group 1 (normal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), the risk of CHD was higher in group 3 (normal OGTT 0 h and abnormal OGTT 1 h or 2 h) and group 4 (abnormal OGTT 0 h, 1 h and 2 h), OR = 1.53 and 2.21, all P < 0.05, respectively. Moreover, we divided participants by advanced maternal age, multipara, assisted reproduction, fetal sex, and others, similar associations were observed in the subgroup analyses. Conclusion: Elevated blood glucose at different time points during OGTT was associated with CHD in offspring. Fetuses of pregnant women with GDM should be screened for a high risk of CHD.
Genetic and Epigenetic Factors in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pathology; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is the carbohydrate intolerance occurring during pregnancy. The risk factors of GDM include obesity, advanced maternal age, polycystic ovary syndrome, multigravidity, a sedentary lifestyle, and pre-existing hypertension. Additionally, complex genetic and epigenetic processes are also believed to play a crucial role in the development of GDM. In this narrative review, we discuss the role of genetic and epigenetic factors in gestational diabetes mellitus pathogenesis.
A Retrospective before and after Assessment of Multidisciplinary Management for Postpartum Hemorrhage; Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) remains a major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. While PPH treatment guidelines exist, data on their effect on reduction in red blood cell (RBC) transfusions and use of hemostatic products are scarce. Continuous evaluation of PPH management is important to assess potential pitfalls and incorporate new treatment options. We retrospectively compared PPH management and administration of RBC and hemostatic products before and after international guideline implementation. The primary endpoint was RBC administration for PPH. Secondary endpoints were hemoglobin trigger for RBC administration, administration of hemostatic products and surgical therapies. In total 235 patients had a PPH, 59 in 2011 and 176 in 2018. In 2018, fewer patients received RBC within 24 h (2018: 10% vs. 2011: 32%, p < 0.001) and 24 h after delivery (2018: 4.5% vs. 2011: 37%, p < 0.001). The number of RBC units transfused per case was significantly lower in 2018 (two vs. four units in 2011, p = 0.013). A significantly reduced transfusion of fresh frozen plasma and platelets was observed in 2018 (p < 0.001 and p = 0.002, respectively). In 2011, additional surgeries for PPH in both the acute and subacute phase were performed more frequently. Local implementation of multidisciplinary PPH guidelines is feasible and was associated with a significant reduction in transfused blood products.
Breathing Practices for Stress and Anxiety Reduction: Conceptual Framework of Implementation Guidelines Based on a Systematic Review of the Published Literature; Anxiety and stress plague populations worldwide. Voluntary regulated breathing practices offer a tool to address this epidemic. We examined peer-reviewed published literature to understand effective approaches to and implementation of these practices. PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched to identify clinical trials evaluating isolated breathing-based interventions with psychometric stress/anxiety outcomes. Two independent reviewers conducted all screening and data extraction. Of 2904 unique articles, 731 abstracts, and 181 full texts screened, 58 met the inclusion criteria. Fifty-four of the studies’ 72 interventions were effective. Components of effective and ineffective interventions were evaluated to develop a conceptual framework of factors associated with stress/anxiety reduction effectiveness. Effective breath practices avoided fast-only breath paces and sessions <5 min, while including human-guided training, multiple sessions, and long-term practice. Population, other breath paces, session duration ≥5 min, and group versus individual or at-home practices were not associated with effectiveness. Analysis of interventions that did not fit this framework revealed that extensive standing, interruptions, involuntary diaphragmatic obstruction, and inadequate training for highly technical practices may render otherwise promising interventions ineffective. Following this evidence-based framework can help maximize the stress/anxiety reduction benefits of breathing practices. Future research is warranted to further refine this easily accessible intervention for stress/anxiety relief.
The Role of the FGF19 Family in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes: A Narrative Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy complications. Understanding the pathogenesis and appropriate diagnosis of GDM enables the implementation of early interventions during pregnancy that reduce the risk of maternal and fetal complications. At the same time, it provides opportunities to prevent diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular diseases in women with GDM and their offspring in the future. Fibroblast growth factors (FGFs) represent a heterogeneous family of signaling proteins which play a vital role in cell proliferation and differentiation, repair of damaged tissues, wound healing, angiogenesis, and mitogenesis and also affect the regulation of carbohydrate, lipid, and hormone metabolism. Abnormalities in the signaling function of FGFs may lead to numerous pathological conditions, including metabolic diseases. The FGF19 subfamily, also known as atypical FGFs, which includes FGF19, FGF21, and FGF23, is essential in regulating metabolic homeostasis and acts as a hormone while entering the systemic circulation. Many studies have pointed to the involvement of the FGF19 subfamily in the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases, including GDM, although the results are inconclusive. FGF19 and FGF21 are thought to be associated with insulin resistance, an essential element in the pathogenesis of GDM. FGF21 may influence placental metabolism and thus contribute to fetal growth and metabolism regulation. The observed relationship between FGF21 and increased birth weight could suggest a potential role for FGF21 in predicting future metabolic abnormalities in children born to women with GDM. In this group of patients, different mechanisms may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in women in later life, and FGF23 appears to be their promising early predictor. This study aims to present a comprehensive review of the FGF19 subfamily, emphasizing its role in GDM and predicting its long-term metabolic consequences for mothers and their offspring.
Transgenerational Epigenetic DNA Methylation Editing and Human Disease; During gestation, maternal (F0), embryonic (F1), and migrating primordial germ cell (F2) genomes can be simultaneously exposed to environmental influences. Accumulating evidence suggests that operating epi- or above the genetic DNA sequence, covalent DNA methylation (DNAme) can be recorded onto DNA in response to environmental insults, some sites which escape normal germline erasure. These appear to intrinsically regulate future disease propensity, even transgenerationally. Thus, an organism’s genome can undergo epigenetic adjustment based on environmental influences experienced by prior generations. During the earliest stages of mammalian development, the three-dimensional presentation of the genome is dramatically changed, and DNAme is removed genome wide. Why, then, do some pathological DNAme patterns appear to be heritable? Are these correctable? In the following sections, I review concepts of transgenerational epigenetics and recent work towards programming transgenerational DNAme. A framework for editing heritable DNAme and challenges are discussed, and ethics in human research is introduced.
Postpartum lifestyle behaviour among women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus: Evidence from the HUNT study; Introduction Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recommendations for postpartum follow-up include targeted lifestyle advice to lower the risk. The aim of this study was to compare postpartum lifestyle behaviours and perceptions among women with and without a history of GDM. In addition, we examined whether lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM participating in a lifestyle intervention study differed from lifestyle behaviours of women with a history of GDM in the general population. Research design and methods We linked data from the fourth survey of the population-based Trøndelag Health Study (HUNT4) to information from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for women with registered births between 2000 and 2019. Using logistic regression, we compared lifestyle behaviours in women with and without GDM. In secondary analyses, lifestyle behaviours in women with GDM participating in a postpartum lifestyle intervention study were compared with HUNT participants with GDM using Fisher's exact tests/t-tests. Results A high proportion of the women in our population, regardless of GDM history, reported several unhealthy lifestyle behaviours. We found no significant association between history of GDM and lifestyle behaviours. The lifestyle intervention study for women with a history of GDM appeared to recruit women with more favourable lifestyle behaviours. Conclusions Women, regardless of GDM history, could potentially benefit from further support for lifestyle improvement, but it may be especially important in women with a history of GDM given their increased risk of T2DM and CVD. Interventions targeting women with GDM might not reach the women with the unhealthiest lifestyle behaviours, and measures to reach out to all women should be further investigated.
Diabetes mellitus: Classification, mediators, and complications; A gate to identify potential targets for the development of new effective treatments; Nowadays, diabetes mellitus has emerged as a significant global public health concern with a remarkable increase in its prevalence. This review article focuses on the definition of diabetes mellitus and its classification into different types, including type 1 diabetes (idiopathic and fulminant), type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hybrid forms, slowly evolving immune-mediated diabetes, ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes, and other special types. Diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus are also discussed. The role of inflammation in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes is explored, along with the mediators and potential anti-inflammatory treatments. Furthermore, the involvement of various organs in diabetes mellitus is highlighted, such as the role of adipose tissue and obesity, gut microbiota, and pancreatic β-cells. The manifestation of pancreatic Langerhans β-cell islet inflammation, oxidative stress, and impaired insulin production and secretion are addressed. Additionally, the impact of diabetes mellitus on liver cirrhosis, acute kidney injury, immune system complications, and other diabetic complications like retinopathy and neuropathy is examined. Therefore, further research is required to enhance diagnosis, prevent chronic complications, and identify potential therapeutic targets for the management of diabetes mellitus and its associated dysfunctions.
Hemodynamic evaluation of extremely low birth weight infants during the first 7 days of life; Background and aim: We aimed to investigate the hemodynamic status of extremely low birth weight (ELBW) infants during the transitional period under intensive management. Methods: This retrospective cohort study analyzed left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), left ventricular end-systolic wall stress (ESWS), left ventricular internal dimension in diastole (LVIDd), and mean arterial pressure (MAP) of ELBW infants during their first week of life. Small for gestational age (SGA), histological chorioamnionitis (hCAM), severe intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), and non-survival to discharge infants were compared to their counterparts. Results: Sixty-two infants (25.7 ± 2.1 weeks, 700.7 ± 165.4 g) were analyzed. MAP gradually increased. Median LVEF was 69.8 % on day 1, decreased to 62.7 % on day 2, then increased throughout the week. ESWS was lowest at birth, rose to 28.2 g/cm2 on day 2, and decreased on day 6. There were no significant changes in LVIDd. SGA infants had higher MAP throughout, higher LVEF on day 2 and 3, but lower LVEF on day 5 to 7. LVIDd was lower in hCAM group. Severe IVH group had a more significant drop in LVEF on day 2, higher ESWS, and a higher incidence of hemodynamic significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA). Non-survival had lower LVIDd. Conclusions: MAP increased gradually. Hemodynamic instability was observed in the first two days, with decreased LVEF and increased ESWS before stabilization. We observed an alteration in hemodynamic adaptation in SGA and hCAM infants. Severe IVH group experienced early hemodynamic instability and a higher incidence of hsPDA.
Considering gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension history across two pregnancies in relationship to cardiovascular disease development: A retrospective cohort study; Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertension (GHTN) occurrences signal elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. There is little study of occurrence and recurrence of these conditions in relationship to CVD. Among women with two singleton pregnancies, we aimed to quantify CVD risk in relationship to the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences. Methods: In this Quebec-based retrospective cohort study (n = 431,980), we ascertained the number of GDM/GHTN occurrences over two pregnancies and assessed for CVD over a median of 16.4 years (cohort inception 1990–2012, outcomes 1990–2019). We defined CVD as a composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina, requiring hospitalization and/or causing death. We adjusted Cox proportional hazards models for offspring size, preterm/term birth status, maternal age group, time between deliveries, ethnicity, deprivation level, and co-morbid conditions. Results: Compared to absence of GDM/GHTN in either pregnancy, one GDM/GHTN occurrence increased CVD hazards by 47% (hazard ratio [HR] = 1.47, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.35–1.61), two occurrences nearly doubled hazards (HR = 1.91, 95% CI 1.68–2.17), and three or more approximately tripled CVD hazards (HR = 2.93, 95% CI 2.20–3.90). Individual components of the composite demonstrated similar findings. Conclusions: Health care providers and mothers should consider a complete history of GDM/GHTN occurrences to ascertain the importance and urgency of preventive action.
Abstract #1589534: Assessing Diabetes Care Compliance and Health Outcomes in People With Type 2 Diabetes: A Study from Nizwa Polyclinic, Oman; Objective: Diabetes is a serious, long-term condition affecting millions globally, with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) constituting the majority of cases. Effective T2DM management relies on education, lifestyle changes, medication, and support. However, adherence to established standards of care remains a challenge in certain regions. This study aims to evaluate the level of compliance with these standards at Nizwa Polyclinic’s diabetic unit and compare the results with regional and international benchmarks. Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on the medical records of 167 Omani adults aged 30-60 years, diagnosed with T2DM before 2019, and regularly attending the diabetic unit. Exclusions included patients diagnosed in 2019, those younger than 30 or older than 60, type 1 diabetics, gestational diabetes, and pregnant women with diabetes. Results: Among the 167 patients, 53.41% were female, and the mean age was 50.1 ± 7.29 years. Approximately 85% of patients attended 4 or more visits per year. Oral hypoglycemic agents were the most common medications prescribed (53.98%), followed by insulin (17.05%), combined therapy (26.7%), and lifestyle modifications (2.27%). About 51.7% of patients were taking antihypertensive medications. The level of adherence to standards of diabetic care in NPC was evaluated. Measurements of weight and blood pressure were performed in 100% of patients during each visit. Annual investigations, including glycated hemoglobin (A1c) (98.3%), lipid profile (99.43%), and renal function (98.86%), were almost universally conducted. However, ophthalmic examinations (78.98%) and foot examinations (70.45%) were less frequent. Documentation of lifestyle modifications (89.77%) and hypoglycemia advice (58.5%) were recorded for a significant proportion of patients. The study assessed various outcome indicators related to diabetes management. Among the patients, 53.48% had controlled A1c levels (A1c <7%), 24.69% had fairly controlled A1c levels (A1c 7-8%), and 21.83% had poorly controlled A1c levels (A1c >8%). Dyslipidemia was prevalent in 52.84% of patients, with controlled lipid profiles for non-HDL levels <3.5 mmol/L or LDL levels <2.6 mmol/L. 75.57% of patients achieved controlled systolic blood pressure (<140 mm Hg). Cardiovascular complications were present in 10.23% of patients, while diabetic retinopathy was observed in 21.02% of patients. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) was classified as grade 1, 2, 3, and 4 in 68.18%, 27.27%, 3.98%, and 0.57% of patients, respectively, and 76.14% had no urinary protein. Diabetic neuropathy was identified in 23.86% of patients, while 64.77% had normal foot examination results, and 9.66% had an abnormal ankle-brachial index (ABI). Discussion/Conclusion: The study emphasizes comprehensive diabetes management at Nizwa Polyclinic, addressing glycemic control, retinopathy screening, and patient education. Enhancing lifestyle modifications and medication adherence is crucial for optimal outcomes. A multidisciplinary approach involving health care providers and community resources is essential for effective diabetes care.
Reference-range of arterial stiffness by cardio-ankle vascular index in normal pregnancy; Objective: To establish the arterial stiffness, represented by the cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) at various gestational ages among low-risk pregnant women. The second objective is to construct the reference range of mean arterial pressure and maternal heart rate during pregnancy. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on low risk pregnant Thai women, meeting the following inclusion criteria: 1) singleton pregnant women aged 18 years old or over; 2) gestational age between 11 and 40 weeks; 3) low-risk pregnancy without any underlying medical diseases; and 4) known final pregnancy outcomes. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal growth restriction were excluded. The mean CAVI, mean arterial pressure (MAP), and heart rate were measured at each gestational age. Results: A total of 329 measurements for each parameter were available for analysis. CAVI was significantly correlated with gestational age with the best fitted model: CAVI = 6.952 – 0.076(GA) + 0.001(GA)2; SD = 0.742 (R2 = 0.049; p-value < 0.001). The maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI were correlated with CAVI. CAVI gradually increased with maternal age and decreased with increasing body mass index (BMI). The MAP and heart rate of normal pregnancy in each gestation were conducted. Conclusion: The reference range of CAVI in normal pregnancies as a function of gestational age and the model for predicting CAVI based on multiple regression analysis are constructed and presented. These reference ranges may be useful in predicting risk of cardiovascular disorders during pregnancy.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of competing interest statements in previously published articles (Obesity Medicine (2022) 33, (S2451847622000379), (10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100425)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in the published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Obesity Medicine. The appropriate Declaration/Competing Interest statements, provided by the Authors, are included below. 1. “Optimal dosage of vitamin D supplementation in obese patients with low serum levels of 25-Hydroxyvitamin D. A systematic review” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 29: 100381] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2021.100381Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 2. “Comparison of Foeniculum Vulgare versus metformin on insulin resistance and anthropometric indices of women with polycystic ovary, an open-label controlled trial study” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 31: 100401] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100401Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 3. “Identifying overnutrition risk groups in Bangladeshi married women based on sociodemographic factors: A classification and regression tree model” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100425] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100425Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 4. “Predictors of online vs. in-person preference for lifestyle change programs among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100424] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100424Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 5. “The effect of 12 weeks aerobic, resistance and combined trainings on peripheral vascular disease in type 2 diabetes with peripheral neuropathy in men” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 34: 100439] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100439Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 6. “Prevalence and knowledge of cardiovascular disease risk factors among young adults in Saudi Arabia” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 36: 100457] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100457Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 7. “A retrospective study assessing the effects of bariatric surgery on comorbid conditions and quality of life in obese individuals” [Obesity Medicine, 2023; 38: 100479] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2023.100479Declaration of competing interest: The Authors have no interests to declare. 8. “Body weight and prandial variation of plasma metabolites in subjects undergoing gastric band-induced weight loss” [Obesity Medicine, 2022; 33: 100434] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.obmed.2022.100434Declaration of competing interest: The authors declare the following financial interests/personal relationships which may be considered as potential competing interests: Dr. José O. Alemán is a Consultant for Novo Nordisk; Clinical Advisor and Consultant for Intellihealth.
Severe maternal morbidity by race and ethnicity before vs. during the COVID-19 pandemic; Purpose: To examine the change in racial disparity in severe maternal morbidity (SMM) during the COVID-19 pandemic and the associations between SARS-CoV-2 infection and SMM. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used linked databases of all livebirths delivered between 2018 and 2021 in South Carolina (n = 162,576). Exposures were 1) pre-pandemic and pandemic periods (before vs. March 2020 onwards); 2) SARS-CoV-2 infection, severity, and timing of first infection. Log-binomial regression models were used. Results: SMM rate was higher among pandemic childbirths than pre-pandemic period (p = 0.06). The risk of SMM among Hispanics was doubled from pre-pandemic to pandemic periods (adjusted relative risk (aRR)= 2.50, 95% CI: 1.27, 4.94). During pre-pandemic, compared to White women, Black women (aRR=1.37, 95% CI: 1.14–1.64), while Hispanics had lower risk of SMM (aRR=0.42, 95% CI: 0.24–0.73). During the pandemic, the Black-White difference in the risk of SMM persisted (aRR=1.24, 95% CI: 1.00–1.54) and Hispanic-White difference in SMM risk became insignificant (aRR=0.85, 95% CI: 0.54–1.34). SARS-CoV-2 infection, its severity, and the late diagnosis were associated with 1.78–5.06 times higher risk of SMM. Conclusions: During pandemic, Black-White racial disparity in SMM persisted but the relative pre-pandemic advantage in SMM among Hispanic women over White women disappeared during the pandemic.
Comparative study of diabetic ketoacidosis in the elderly and non-elderly patients: A nine-year experience from an academic hospital in North India; Background and aims: Despite an increasing prevalence of the aged population with diabetes in low-middle-income countries, there is limited literature on geriatric hyperglycemic emergencies. The present study aimed to compare the spectrum and outcomes of diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) between elderly and non-elderly adult patients in India. Methods: Seventy-seven elderly patients (≥60 years) were compared to 477 non-elderly patients (13–59 years) with DKA admitted to the medical emergency, Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research, Chandigarh, India, between January 2014 and December 2022. Clinical features, laboratory parameters, precipitating factors, and in-hospital outcomes were reviewed. Results: Elderly patients less commonly had vomiting and abdominal pain than non-elderly patients (31.3 % vs. 66.2 %, 27.3 % vs. 60.1 %, respectively) and typically presented with dyspnea (48.5 %), altered mental status (47.8 %), and fever (46.3 %). Ketonemia and metabolic acidosis were significantly more marked in non-elderly patients, whereas elderly patients frequently had anemia, hypoalbuminemia, and renal dysfunction. The most common precipitations of geriatric DKA were infections (70.1 %), followed by treatment non-adherence (66.2 %) and non-infectious disorders (35.1 %). Infections and non-infectious disorders were significantly more frequent in elderly patients than in non-elderly patients. Respiratory and urinary tract infections were prevalent in both age groups. In-hospital survival was 74.9 % (n = 415) and remained lower in older patients (48.1 % vs. 79.2 %, P-value <0.001). The independent prognostic factors were age (OR 1.030, 95 % CI 1.006–1.054, P = 0.014), Glasgow coma scale (OR 0.789, 95 % CI 0.717–0.869, P <0.001), and infection trigger (OR 6.635, 95 % CI 2.852–15.441, P <0.001). Conclusion: Older patients with DKA present atypically, frequently have precipitation with infections and noninfectious disorders, and have poor outcomes.
Cord blood DNA methylation signatures associated with preeclampsia are enriched for cardiovascular pathways: insights from the VDAART trial; Background: Preeclampsia has been associated with maternal epigenetic changes, in particular DNA methylation changes in the placenta. It has been suggested that preeclampsia could also cause DNA methylation changes in the neonate. We examined DNA methylation in relation to gene expression in the cord blood of offspring born to mothers with preeclampsia. Methods: This study included 128 mother-child pairs who participated in the Vitamin D Antenatal Asthma Reduction Trial (VDAART), where assessment of preeclampsia served as secondary outcome. We performed an epigenome-wide association study of preeclampsia and cord blood DNA methylation (Illumina 450 K chip). We then examined gene expression of the same subjects for validation and replicated the gene signatures in independent DNA methylation datasets. Lastly, we applied functional enrichment and network analyses to identify biological pathways that could potentially be involved in preeclampsia. Findings: In the cord blood samples (n = 128), 263 CpGs were differentially methylated (FDR <0.10) in preeclampsia (n = 16), of which 217 were annotated. Top pathways in the functional enrichment analysis included apelin signaling pathway and other endothelial and cardiovascular pathways. Of the 217 genes, 13 showed differential expression (p's < 0.001) in preeclampsia and 11 had been previously related to preeclampsia (p's < 0.0001). These genes were linked to apelin, cGMP and Notch signaling pathways, all having a role in angiogenic process and cardiovascular function. Interpretation: Preeclampsia is related to differential cord blood DNA methylation signatures of cardiovascular pathways, including the apelin signaling pathway. The association of these cord blood DNA methylation signatures with offspring's long-term morbidities due to preeclampsia should be further investigated. Funding: VDAART is funded by National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute grants of R01HL091528 and UH3OD023268. HMK is supported by Jane and Aatos Erkko Foundation, Paulo Foundation, and the Pediatric Research Foundation. HM is supported by K01 award from NHLBI (1K01HL146977-01A1). PK is supported by K99HL159234 from NIH/NHLBI.
Right Internal Iliac Pseudoaneurysm in Pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Internal iliac pseudoaneurysm is a rare and often asymptomatic finding. Diagnosing pseudoaneurysms are critical, as rupture may lead to shock and carries a high mortality rate for patient and fetus. CASE: A G2P1 female at 34 4/7 weeks pregnancy is found to have a ruptured right internal iliac pseudoaneurysm. CT angiogram confirmed the diagnosis after routine prenatal ultrasound for abdominal pain raised concern for the finding. Primary caesarian delivery was performed with vascular surgery for concurrent delivery and pseudoaneurysm coiling. CONCLUSION: Pseudoaneurysm should be considered in diagnosis for pelvic or abdominal pain in pregnant women. A complex heterogenous adnexal mass with blood flow in pregnancy warrants further studies including CT angiogram.
Misoprostol with balloon vs oxytocin with balloon in high-risk pregnancy induction: a randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Pregnancies at high risk for maternal, fetal, or placental complications often necessitate induction of labor in the late preterm or early term period for delivery. Limited data exist on the safest method of induction to use in this specific patient population. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the combination of oxytocin plus a Cook balloon vs misoprostol plus a Cook balloon for induction of labor in high-risk pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted an open-label, randomized controlled trial at a single institution from July 2020 to May 2022. The study was approved by the institutional review board and registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04492072). Individuals with a high-risk pregnancy, at least ≥22 weeks’ gestation, with a singleton in cephalic presentation, Bishop score ≤6, and intact membranes were offered enrollment. A high-risk pregnancy was defined as a pregnancy with any of the following complications: hypertensive disease of pregnancy, fetal growth restriction, oligohydramnios, suspected placental abruption requiring delivery, uncontrolled pregestational diabetes, or abnormal biophysical profile or nonstress test requiring delivery. The primary outcome was the rate of cesarean delivery. Secondary maternal outcomes included induction to delivery interval, number of vaginal deliveries within 24 hours, rates of uterine tachysystole, intraamniotic infection, operative vaginal delivery, and postpartum hemorrhage. Secondary fetal outcomes included fetal heart rate abnormalities, stillbirth, Apgar scores <7 at 5 minutes, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, arterial umbilical blood pH <7.1, sepsis, and neonatal death. A subgroup analysis was planned for the primary outcome to assess the different indications for cesarean delivery. An intent-to-treat analysis was performed. RESULTS: During the 22 months of the trial, a total of 150 patients were randomized, and 73 (49%) of those were induced with oxytocin and a Cook balloon and 77 (51%) were induced with misoprostol and a Cook balloon. There was no significant difference in the overall rate of cesarean delivery between the study groups, (21.9% vs 31.1%; relative risk, 0.70; 95% confidence interval, 0.41–1.21), nor among those for which the cesarean delivery was performed for a specific indication. There were no differences in the secondary maternal and fetal or neonatal adverse outcomes. CONCLUSION: In high-risk pregnancies, the rate of cesarean delivery and adverse maternal and fetal outcomes were similar for induction of labor with oxytocin and a Cook balloon and for induction with misoprostol and a Cook balloon.
Population-based birth cohort study on diabetes in pregnancy and infant hospitalisations in Cree, other First Nations and non-Indigenous communities in Quebec; Objectives Diabetes in pregnancy, whether pre-gestational (chronic) or gestational (de novo hyperglycaemia), increases the risk of adverse birth outcomes. It is unclear whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of postnatal morbidity in infants. Cree First Nations in Quebec are at high risk for diabetes in pregnancy. We assessed whether pre-gestational or gestational diabetes may increase infant hospitalisation (an infant morbidity indicator) incidence, and whether this may be related to more frequent infant hospitalisations in Cree and other First Nations in Quebec. Design Population-based birth cohort study through administrative health data linkage. Setting and participants Singleton infants (≤1 year) born to mothers in Cree (n=5070), other First Nations (9910) and non-Indigenous (48 200) communities in rural Quebec. Results Both diabetes in pregnancy and infant hospitalisation rates were much higher comparing Cree (23.7% and 29.0%) and other First Nations (12.4% and 34.1%) to non-Indigenous (5.9% and 15.5%) communities. Compared with non-diabetes, pre-gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of any infant hospitalisation to a greater extent in Cree and other First Nations (relative risk (RR) 1.56 (95% CI 1.28 to 1.91)) than non-Indigenous (RR 1.26 (1.15 to 1.39)) communities. Pre-gestational diabetes was associated with increased risks of infant hospitalisation due to diseases of multiple systems in all communities. There were no significant associations between gestational diabetes and risks of infant hospitalisation in all communities. The population attributable risk fraction of infant hospitalisations (overall) for pre-gestational diabetes was 6.2% in Cree, 1.6% in other First Nations and 0.3% in non-Indigenous communities. Conclusions The study is the first to demonstrate that pre-gestational diabetes increases the risk of infant hospitalisation overall and due to diseases of multiple systems, but gestational diabetes does not. High prevalence of pre-gestational diabetes may partly account for the excess infant hospitalisations in Cree and other First Nations communities in Quebec.
A Study on Echocardoigraphical Assessment of Epicardial Adipose Tissue Thickness in Predicting Gesessional Diabetes Mellitus and its Feto-Maternal Outcomes in a Tertiary Care Centre; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus(GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy. History of GDM is associated with elevated risk of GDM in future pregnancies, long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities and the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. There are no established guidelines for the prediction of GDM. Aim: The aim of this study is to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) thickness in predicting GDM and its feto-maternal outcomes during the early second trimester of pregnancy. Methods and Results (Case Summary): This is a prospective Cohort study conducted at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital from May 2022 to May 2023. This study included 400 pregnant women attending OPD, Department of OBG, CMCH during the study period. Transthoracic ECHO was performed in those pregnant women at 16 -20 weeks of gestation.We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM. This study involved 56 pregnant women with GDM and 344 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR = 2.64; 95% CI: 2.49–3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P < 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P < 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.547. When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.54 mm, the sensitivity was 96.14% and the specificity was 49.13%. Conclusion: Although many risk factors for GDM have been identified, no validated tool exists to predict the risk of GDM. Echocardiographic EAT thickness is significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis.
EPH219 The Effect of Gestational Weight Gain on Pregnancy Outcome; Objectives: Weight gain during pregnancy is a physiological process with the chance of becoming pathological. Too little or too much gain of weight could increase the occurrence of risks regarding the outcome of the pregnancy, (e.g., gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertonia, preeclampsia). Methods: We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional, quantitative, descriptive study with document analysis in August 2021 at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Clinical Centre, University of Pécs, Hungary. Non-probability targeted sampling was used to include women who gave birth between January 1 and June 30, 2020. Women with singular pregnancies, live births and with completed 37th gestational week were included. Those who smoked or suffered from hypo/hyperthyreosis or heart disease were excluded. Analysis was made with Microsoft Excel 2019, descriptive statistics and χ2 test were calculated (p<0.05). Results: Weight gain of <10 kg significantly correlated with the prevalence of complications during pregnancy (p<0.05). Regarding the prevalence of episiotomy, we found significant difference between birth weight for those with below average birth weight (p<0.05). For weight gain of <10 kg, a higher proportion of newborns were born with a lower birth weight than those with a normal or above-average weight. For >20 kg weight gain, a higher proportion of newborns were born with above average weight than with normal and below average weight. There was a significant connection between prevalence of illnesses during pregnancy and body mass index. Those who were overweight before conception also had a higher incidence of intrapartum morbidity (p<0.05). Primiparas required episiotomy more often than multiparas (p<0.05). Conclusions: Our results have shown from several approaches that suboptimal weight gain can lead to adverse consequences for perinatal outcomes. Therefore, attention should be paid to the development of an ideal body weight within antenatal care.
Prevalence of IHD among different age brackets in patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background & aim: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) has been the leading cause of death globally. However, in recent years, there is a decline in mortality rate due to IHD in developed countries but this remains high in developing and underdeveloped countries. The prevalence of IHD differs by age and studies on IHD burden and risk factors are still lacking. This study aimed to investigate prevalence of IHD in different age brackets among uncontrolled Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) patients. Method: A single-centre, cross-sectional study was conducted on T2DM patients registered with DMTAC (Diabetes Medication Therapy Adherence Clinic) from October 2009 to March 2020 at a cardio referral centre in Malaysia using Electronic Medical Records. Adult patients aged ≥18 years old with uncontrolled T2DM (defined as HbA1c ≥7%) had their medical records examined for IHD upon first contact with the DMTAC pharmacist. Patients with incomplete data, pregnant, having type 1 diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus were excluded. Results: A total of 495 participants with uncontrolled T2DM were included in the final analysis. The mean HbA1c in the overall cohort was 10.5%. Compared to patients who were younger (<50 years), uncontrolled T2DM patients who were ≥ 50 years had significantly lower BMI, longer duration of controlled diabetes (>10 years), greater proportion of underlying hypertension and hyperlipidaemia compared to the younger ones (< 50 years). About 19% (n = 94) had an IHD event. A total of 2.7% of those less than 40 years old had IHD, followed by 15.7% within the 40-49 age bracket group, 20.3% in 50-59 years old, and 28.6% in more than 60 years old. Based on our study, it was found that uncontrolled diabetic patients with age bracket group 40-49 years old had OR 5.0 (1.1-23.2; P = 0.038), 50-59 years old of OR 5.3 (1.2-23.5; P = 0.028) and more than 60 with OR 7.0 (1.6-31.6; P = 0.011). Conclusion: With the understanding of the recent outlook on IHD among diabetic patients, further studies can be done to enhance the effectiveness of primary and secondary prevention of IHD among diabetic patients.
Risk of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in women with vaginal bleeding before 20 gestational weeks: Danish population-based cohort study; Background: Women's reproductive health is associated with cardiovascular morbidity. However, an association of vaginal bleeding (VB) in pregnancy with diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes has scarcely been investigated. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study in Denmark (1994-2018). Using nationwide registries, among 903327 women we identified 1901725 pregnancies: 39265 ended in childbirth and were affected by VB; 1389285 ended in childbirth and were unaffected by VB; 333785 ended in a termination, and 139390 ended in a miscarriage. The outcomes were diabetes types 1 and 2, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease including myocardial infarction, atrial fibrillation or flutter, heart failure and ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke. We computed incidence rates and hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for age, calendar year of pregnancy end, morbidities and reproductive and socioeconomic factors, using inverse probability of treatment-weighted Cox proportional hazards regression. Results: In analyses of VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancies, aHRs were 1.15 (1.03-1.28) for diabetes type 1, 1.19 (1.13-1.26) for diabetes type 2, 1.19 (1.14-1.25) for hypertension, 1.26 (1.16-1.37) for ischaemic heart disease, 1.21 (1.03-1.42) for myocardial infarction, 1.32 (1.14-1.51) for atrial fibrillation or flutter and 1.23 (0.99-1.52) for heart failure. aHRs were 1.41 (1.26-1.57) and 1.46 (1.23-1.72) for ischaemic and haemorrhagic stroke, respectively. When contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with terminations, aHRs were up to 1.3-fold increased for diabetes and hypertension; however, when contrasting VB-affected pregnancies with miscarriages, estimates were below or close to the null value. Conclusions: Women's risks of diabetes and cardiovascular outcomes later in life were increased following VB-affected vs VB-unaffected pregnancy or termination, but not following VB-affected pregnancy vs miscarriage.
Preventing CVD in Women: Common Questions and Answers; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in the United States. Women have unique risk factors for CVD, including pregnancy, hormones, autoimmune disorders, and psychological stress. Most risk calculators underestimate the risk of CVD in women; therefore, it is essential that physicians have a heightened awareness of risk-enhancing factors. A thorough history of adverse pregnancy conditions, hormonal factors, autoimmune diseases, and psychological stress, including adverse social determinants of health, should be documented in the electronic health record. A risk assessment using the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease Risk Calculator should be routinely performed, and those with borderline (5% to less than 7.5%) and intermediate (7.5% to less than 20%) risk should undergo lifestyle modification counseling and shared decision-making regarding the initiation of a statin, aspirin, or antihypertensive therapy. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be screened at four to 12 weeks postpartum with a two-hour oral glucose tolerance test, and, if normal, the test should be repeated every one to three years. Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be assessed within three months of delivery, and CVD risk assessment should occur annually thereafter. Because women with a history of adverse pregnancy conditions have higher rates of traditional CVD risk factors that emerge at younger ages, earlier and more frequent monitoring should be considered. Optimizing management of mood disorders, traditional CVD risk factors, and autoimmune diseases and considering the effects of social determinants of health are essential. Lifestyle modification counseling should include guidance to adhere to a plant-based diet that is mostly vegetables, fruits, legumes, nuts, whole grains, and fish; 150 minutes of moderate-intensity or 75 minutes of vigorous-intensity exercise weekly; and tobacco cessation.
Blood Cell Parameters From Early to Middle Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Context: Chronic low-grade inflammation may play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). However, prospective studies on the relations of inflammatory blood cell parameters during pregnancy with GDM are lacking. Objective: To prospectively investigate the associations of inflammatory blood cell parameters in both early and middle pregnancy, and their change patterns from early to middle pregnancy, with GDM risk. Methods: We used data from the Tongji-Shuangliu Birth Cohort. Inflammatory blood cell parameters (white blood cells [WBC], neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes, neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio [NLR], and platelets) were assayed before 15 weeks and between 16 and 28 weeks of gestational age. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations between inflammatory blood cell parameters and GDM. Results: Of the 6354 pregnant women, 445 were diagnosed with GDM. After adjustment for potential confounders, WBC, neutrophils, lymphocytes, monocytes, and NLR in early pregnancy were positively associated with GDM risk (odds ratios [95% CI] for extreme-quartile comparison were 2.38 [1.76-3.20], 2.47 [1.82-3.36], 1.40 [1.06-1.85], 1.69 [1.27-2.24], and 1.51 [1.12-2.02], respectively, all P for trend ≤ .010). Similarly, higher levels of WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR in middle pregnancy were associated with increased risk of GDM (all P for trend ≤ .014). Stable high levels (≥ median in both early and middle pregnancy) of WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR were positively associated with GDM risk (all P ≤ .001). Conclusion: Increased WBC, neutrophils, monocytes, and NLR in both early and middle pregnancy and their stable high levels from early to middle pregnancy were associated with higher GDM risk, highlighting that they might be clinically relevant for identifying individuals at high risk for GDM.
Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an added burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, menstrual irregularity, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [preeclampsia, gestational hypertension], gestational diabetes, preterm delivery), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. Recent data indicate shared genetic architecture between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cardiovascular disease, partly explaining the excess cardiovascular risk observed in affected women across the life course. In addition, the menopause transition represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (e.g., premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Heightened cardiovascular disease risk associated with premature age of menopause extends to a diverse set of cardiovascular conditions (e.g., coronary artery disease, ischemic stroke, heart failure, atrial fibrillation, and aortic valve stenosis) and does not appear to be fully explained by postmenopausal sex hormone deficiency. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors (e.g., hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes) explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate unique sex-specific disease mechanisms toward improved prediction, prevention, and treatment. History of adverse pregnancy outcomes and premature age of menopause are now incorporated in multi-society guidelines as 'riskenhancing factors' to refine risk assessment for coronary heart disease and stroke and guide allocation of primary prevention statin therapy. Overall, a history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
Late-Breaking Basic Science Abstracts: From the American Heart Association's Scientific Sessions 2023; The proceedings contain 38 papers. The topics discussed include: a single administration of an epigenetic editor targeting human PCSK9 robustly and durably lowers cholesterol in vivo; CRISPR-mediated allele-specific epigenetic editing alleviates hypertrophic cardiomyopathy by suppressing mutant MYH6 Allele in mice without impacting overall gene expression; nucleotide imbalance causes impaired cardiomyocyte maturation and mitochondrial dysfunction via Ampkin the embryonic heart of diabetic pregnancy; loss of the transcription factor ZBTB16 in the aged heart impairs endothelial niche functions and induces cardiac dysfunction; nuclear location of glycolysis-regulating enzyme promotes heart regeneration via driving DNA replication; transcriptomic mapping of human blood vessels defines spatially restricted adventitial progenitor niche; and NLRP3 inflammasome mediates aortic valve calcification through the loss of lysosomal function in osteoclasts.
Comparison of ABPM data in type 2 diabetes and non-diabetic hypertensive patients; Background: Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) parameters are useful for in-depth analysis of hypertension. In this study, we tried to compare ABPM parameters in Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and non-diabetic patients. Methods: In this observational study conducted over a period of 1year, 98 hypertensive patients (T2DM/Non-DM: 48/50) were analysed. ABPM was performed with an oscillometric (Meditech) device. Patients with secondary hypertension (other than diabetes), pregnancy, advanced systemic disease and active cardiovascular disease were excluded. Results: Comparative ABPM data in T2DM & Non-DM patients Mean systolic BP, Maximum systolic blood pressure & blood pressure variability were more in non-diabetic patients (p <0.05). Comparatively lesser T2DM patients had normal morning surge (< 20 mm of Hg) than non-dm patients (p<0.01) Extreme dipping was more common in T2DM patients (p<0.01). Conclusion: ABPM abnormalities were common in both diabetic as well as non-diabetic patients. Baselinemean blood pressure, maximum mean systolic blood pressure, masked blood pressure effect and blood pressure variability were more in non-diabetic patients. Maximum mean diastolic blood pressure, extreme dipping, reverse dipping, and exaggerated morning surge were relatively more common in diabetic patients.
Incidence of Maternal and Perinatal Morbidity in Sickle Cell Disease and Sickle Cell Trait Patients during Pregnancy; Background: Sickle cell disease (SCD) patients have a higher risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity during pregnancy than the general population. Pregnancy in SCD is associated with increased metabolic demands, a hypercoagulable state, endothelial dysfunction, severe anemia, and increased vaso-occlusive episodes. We designed a study to retrospectively review the clinical outcomes of pregnant patients with SCD and SCD trait to examine the incidence of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. We hypothesized that SCD patients should have a higher morbidity during pregnancy and SCD trait patients should not have higher morbidity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study and reviewed 29,822 patient encounters. Pregnant patients with the SCD genotype - Hb SS, Hb S beta 0 thalassemia, Hb S beta + thalassemia and Hb SC disease, and sickle cell trait (SCD trait) - Hb AS were included. Maternal clinical outcome variables for the entire pregnancy duration were vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC), deep vein thrombosis (DVT), pulmonary embolism (PE), infections - sepsis, septic shock, asymptomatic bacteriuria, acute pyelonephritis, and urinary tract infection (UTI), cerebrovascular accident (CVA), myocardial infarction (MI) and transient ischemic attack (TIA). Clinical outcome variables for pregnancy complications were preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and C-section rate. Clinical outcome variables for neonatal complications included preterm birth and low birth weight. ICD 9 and ICD 10 codes were used to search for the pregnancy, SCD, sickle cell trait, maternal and neonatal outcomes. Data was collected from the Health Facts Database, which contains de-identified information from electronic medical records (EMR) of hospitals in which Cerner© has a data use agreement. The categorical clinical outcome variables were analyzed using Chi-square test. Results: There were 29,822 patient encounters reviewed. Patients with SCD had higher percentages for C-section rates, CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, septic shock, and VOC compared to those with SCD trait. C-section rates were higher in SCD patients with 76.43% versus 13.76% in SCD trait patients. CVA was higher in SCD patients with 73.78% versus 0% in SCD trait patients. Preeclampsia was higher in SCD patients with 75.92% in SCD patients versus 5.43% in SCD trait patients. Sepsis and septic shock were higher in SCD patients with 73.75% in SCD patients versus 0% in SCD trait patients. VOC was evident in SCD patients with 0.06% versus 0% in SCD trait patients. Patients with SCD trait had higher percentages for asymptomatic bacteriuria, GDM, low birth weight, preterm birth, and UTI compared to patients with SCD. Asymptomatic bacteriuria was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.25% versus 0.08 in SCD patients. GDM was higher in SCD trait patients with 3.09% versus 0% in SCD patients. Low birth weight was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.61% versus 0.17% in SCD patients. Preterm birth was higher in SCD trait patients with 0.78% versus 0.44% in SCD patients. UTI was noted in SCD trait patients with 0.02% versus 0% in SCD patients. There were no findings for DVT, PE, acute pyelonephritis, MI, and TIA in both SCD and SCD trait patients. Conclusion: Pregnant patients with SCD were more likely to have C-sections, CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, septic shock, and VOC. Pregnant patients with SCD trait were more likely to have asymptomatic bacteriuria, GDM, low birth weight, preterm birth, and UTI. Our findings indicate that prevention and management of CVA, preeclampsia, sepsis, and septic shock is important for pregnant patients with SCD to prevent adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The higher rate of C-sections may have been to reduce the severity of maternal and perinatal morbidity in SCD patients. Our study has significant limitations - retrospective nature and use of ICD9 and ICD10 codes for clinical outcome variables. Certain clinical outcome variables, such as CVA, sepsis or septic shock, may have been overestimated as these diagnoses may have been recorded prior to the start of pregnancy in the EMR. Nevertheless, SCD patients have higher maternal and perinatal morbidity that needs to be addressed.
Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic Health: A Presidential Advisory from the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health reflects the interplay among metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, and the cardiovascular system and has profound impacts on morbidity and mortality. There are multisystem consequences of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health, with the most significant clinical impact being the high associated incidence of cardiovascular disease events and cardiovascular mortality. There is a high prevalence of poor cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population, with a disproportionate burden seen among those with adverse social determinants of health. However, there is also a growing number of therapeutic options that favorably affect metabolic risk factors, kidney function, or both that also have cardioprotective effects. To improve cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health and related outcomes in the population, there is a critical need for (1) more clarity on the definition of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome; (2) an approach to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic staging that promotes prevention across the life course; (3) prediction algorithms that include the exposures and outcomes most relevant to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health; and (4) strategies for the prevention and management of cardiovascular disease in relation to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health that reflect harmonization across major subspecialty guidelines and emerging scientific evidence. It is also critical to incorporate considerations of social determinants of health into care models for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and to reduce care fragmentation by facilitating approaches for patient-centered interdisciplinary care. This presidential advisory provides guidance on the definition, staging, prediction paradigms, and holistic approaches to care for patients with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome and details a multicomponent vision for effectively and equitably enhancing cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic health in the population.
A Synopsis of the Evidence for the Science and Clinical Management of Cardiovascular-Kidney-Metabolic (CKM) Syndrome: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; A growing appreciation of the pathophysiological interrelatedness of metabolic risk factors such as obesity and diabetes, chronic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease has led to the conceptualization of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. The confluence of metabolic risk factors and chronic kidney disease within cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome is strongly linked to risk for adverse cardiovascular and kidney outcomes. In addition, there are unique management considerations for individuals with established cardiovascular disease and coexisting metabolic risk factors, chronic kidney disease, or both. An extensive body of literature supports our scientific understanding of, and approach to, prevention and management for individuals with cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome. However, there are critical gaps in knowledge related to cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome in terms of mechanisms of disease development, heterogeneity within clinical phenotypes, interplay between social determinants of health and biological risk factors, and accurate assessments of disease incidence in the context of competing risks. There are also key limitations in the data supporting the clinical care for cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome, particularly in terms of early-life prevention, screening for risk factors, interdisciplinary care models, optimal strategies for supporting lifestyle modification and weight loss, targeting of emerging cardioprotective and kidney-protective therapies, management of patients with both cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease, and the impact of systematically assessing and addressing social determinants of health. This scientific statement uses a crosswalk of major guidelines, in addition to a review of the scientific literature, to summarize the evidence and fundamental gaps related to the science, screening, prevention, and management of cardiovascular-kidney-metabolic syndrome.
The EVA (Early Vascular Aging) Study: Association of Central Obesity With Worse Arterial Health After Preeclampsia; BACKGROUND: Women with preeclampsia have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. This is partly explained by the worse arterial health after preeclampsia. Central obesity (CO) is a risk factor for both preeclampsia and cardiovascular disease. Whether CO contributes to further worsening of arterial health after preeclampsia remains unclear. Our objective was to evalu-ate the effect of CO and previous preeclampsia on arterial hemodynamics. METHODS AND RESULTS: We studied 40 women with previous preeclampsia (<6 years) and 40 age-matched controls with previous normotensive pregnancy in the same timeframe. We estimated arterial hemodynamics with validated techniques combining applanation tonometry and echocardiography. CO was defined as a waist-to-hip ratio ≥0.85. Differences in arterial hemodynamics across the 3 groups (preeclampsia with CO, preeclampsia without CO, and controls) were assessed with multivariable linear regression models adjusted for potential confounders. Twenty-six (65%) of the participants with preec-lampsia had CO compared with 18 (45%) controls. Mean waist-to-hip ratio in patients with preeclampsia with CO, those with preeclampsia and no CO, and controls was 0.94±0.05, 0.80±0.04, and 0.83±0.07, respectively. In multivariable analyses, women with preeclampsia and CO had higher central blood pressure, arterial stiffness (carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity), steady arterial load (systemic vascular resistance), and wave reflections (reflected pressure wave amplitude, augmentation index) compared with controls (P<0.05 for each). Fewer hemodynamic domains were altered in the preeclampsia with no CO group, with higher central diastolic blood pressure, systemic vascular resistance, and wave reflections than controls (P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Women with previous preeclampsia who also experience CO have the greatest alterations in arterial health and hemodynamics. Patients with preeclampsia with CO may represent a higher-risk subgroup who could be targeted for risk stratification and primary prevention of cardiovascular disease.
Association of Gestational Diabetes with Subsequent Long-Term Risk of Mortality; Importance: Gestational diabetes has been associated with numerous chronic diseases. However, few studies have examined the association of gestational diabetes with long-term mortality risk. Objective: To investigate the associations between gestational diabetes and long-term risks of total and cause-specific mortality. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study analyzed participants of the Nurses' Health Study II who were followed for 30 years (1989-2019). Participants included US female nurses aged 25 to 42 years who reported at least 1 pregnancy (≥6 months) at 18 years or older across their reproductive life span. Data were analyzed from May 1, 2022, to May 25, 2023. Exposure: Gestational diabetes across the reproductive life span. Main Outcomes and Measures: Hazard ratios (HRs with 95% CIs) for total and cause-specific mortality were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression models. Results: A total of 91426 parous participants were included, with a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years and a body mass index of 24.1 (4.7) at baseline. During a follow-up period of 2609753 person-years, 3937 deaths were documented, including 255 deaths from cardiovascular disease and 1397 from cancer. Participants with a history of gestational diabetes had a higher crude mortality rate than those without a history of gestational diabetes (1.74 vs 1.49 per 1000 person-years; absolute difference = 0.25 per 1000 person-years). The corresponding HR for total mortality was 1.28 (95% CI, 1.13-1.44), which did not materially change after additional adjustment for potential confounders and lifestyle factors during the reproductive life span (HR, 1.25; 95% CI, 1.11-1.41). The association persisted regardless of the subsequent development of type 2 diabetes and was more robust among participants who adopted less healthy lifestyles; experienced gestational diabetes in 2 or more pregnancies (HR, 1.48; 95% CI, 0.99-2.19); had gestational diabetes both in the initial and subsequent pregnancies (HR, 1.71; 95% CI, 1.11-2.63); and concurrently reported hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HR, 1.80; 95% CI, 1.21-2.67), preterm birth (HR, 2.46; 95% CI, 1.66-3.64), or low birth weight (HR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.21-3.68). Cause-specific mortality analyses revealed that gestational diabetes was directly associated with the risk of mortality due to cardiovascular disease (HR, 1.59; 95% CI, 1.03-2.47). Additionally, gestational diabetes was inversely associated with cancer mortality (HR, 0.76; 95% CI, 0.59-0.98); however, it was only evident among participants who later developed type 2 diabetes. Conclusions and Relevance: Results of this cohort study suggest that participants who reported a history of gestational diabetes exhibited a small but elevated risk of subsequent mortality over 30 years. The findings emphasize the importance of considering gestational diabetes as a critical factor in later-life mortality risk..
Maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnant patients with colorectal cancer: a population-based study; Purpose: This study aimed to investigate the maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnant patients with CRC using a large population-based database. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from 2009 to 2019. Pregnant patients with and without CRC were compared for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, maternal and perinatal outcomes, and hospital burden. Results: The study included 306 pregnancies with CRC and 40,887,353 pregnancies without CRC. Pregnant patients with CRC were older and more likely to be White. A significant association was observed between CRC and a history of inflammatory bowel disease or a family history of gastrointestinal cancer. Pregnant patients with CRC had higher odds of maternal death (AOR 260.99, 95% CI 33.36–2041.64), cardiac arrhythmia (AOR 13.73, 95% CI 4.21–44.76), acute kidney injury (AOR 32.6, 95% CI 5.29–200.77), severe sepsis (AOR 163.98, 95% CI 22.05–1219.65), and respiratory failure (AOR 31.67, 95% CI 4.11–243.98). Furthermore, the CRC group experienced higher odds of cesarean section (AOR 1.78, 95% CI 1.05–3.03), preterm birth (AOR 4.16, 95% CI 2.05–8.47), and intrauterine death (AOR 13.18, 95% CI 3.33–52.16). Distinct differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes were observed based on the location of CRC. Pregnant patients with CRC faced higher hospital charges and had longer hospital stays during delivery hospitalization compared to those without CRC. Conclusion: Pregnant patients with CRC are at increased risk for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, emphasizing the importance of early detection, timely intervention, and comprehensive management during pregnancy.
Which people with diabetes are treated with a disposable, half-unit insulin pen? A real-world, retrospective, database study in Spain; Introduction: Insulin lispro 100 units/mL Jr KwikPen is the first prefilled, disposable, half-unit insulin pen that delivers 0.5–30 units in increments of 0.5 units for the treatment of patients with diabetes. This study describes the profile of patients in Spain who initiated insulin therapy with Jr KwikPen in a real-world setting. Methods: This retrospective, observational study based on IQVIA's electronic medical records database included patients with Type 1 (T1D) or Type 2 (T2D) diabetes who initiated therapy with Jr KwikPen between May 2018 and December 2020. Sociodemographic, clinical, and treatment characteristics at treatment initiation were analysed descriptively. Results: A total of 416 patients were included. The main characteristics of the T1D/T2D groups (N = 326/90), respectively were as follows: female sex, 61.7%/65.6%; mean age (standard deviation [SD]), 32.5 (20.7)/55.5 (16.6) years; body mass index, 20.9 (4.2)/25.2 (4.6) kg/m2 (N = 239/77); HbA1c, 7.8 (1.7)%/8.0 (1.5)% (N = 141/64); and presence of diabetes-associated comorbidities, 27.9%/64.4%. Only 32.8% of patients with T1D were < 18 years old. Among Jr KwikPen users, 12.3% (T1D/T2D, 7.7%/28.9%) were ≥ 65 years old, 17.1% patients were newly diagnosed, and 3.8% were pregnant women. The mean (SD) total insulin dose pre-index for T1D/T2D was 43.1 (23.6) and 40.7 (21.6) UI/day, respectively. The mean (SD) insulin dose at the start of Jr KwikPen use was 26.63 (16.56) and 22.58 (13.59) UI/day for T1D/T2D, respectively. Jr KwikPen was first prescribed mainly by endocrinologists (58.7%) or paediatricians (22.6%). Conclusions: The profile of patients who initiated therapy with Jr KwikPen in routine practice was broad with many patients being adults. Most of these patients had T1D, inadequate glycemic control, and multiple associated comorbidities. These results suggest that Jr KwikPen is prescribed in patients who may benefit from finer insulin dose adjustments, namely children, adolescents, adults, older individuals, or pregnant women with T1D or T2D.
Ambient air pollution and maternal cardiovascular health in pregnancy; In this review, we summarise the current epidemiological and experimental evidence on the association of ambient (outdoor) air pollution exposure and maternal cardiovascular health during pregnancy. This topic is of utmost clinical and public health importance as pregnant women represent a potentially susceptible group due to the delicate balance of the feto-placental circulation, rapid fetal development and tremendous physiological adaptations to the maternal cardiorespiratory system during pregnancy. Several meta-analyses including up to 4 245 170 participants provide robust evidence that air pollutants, including particulate matter, nitrogen oxides and others, have adverse effects on the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular events during labour. Potential underlying biological mechanisms include oxidative stress with subsequent endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation, β-cell dysfunction and epigenetic changes. Endothelial dysfunction can lead to hypertension by impairing vasodilatation and promoting vasoconstriction. Air pollution and the consequent oxidative stress can additionally accelerate β-cell dysfunction, which in turn triggers insulin resistance leading to gestational diabetes mellitus. Epigenetic changes in placental and mitochondrial DNA following air pollution exposures can lead to altered gene expression and contribute to placental dysfunction and induction of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The maternal and fetal consequences of such cardiovascular and cardiometabolic disease during pregnancy can be serious and long lasting, including preterm birth, increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus or cardiovascular disease later in life. Acceleration of efforts to reduce air pollution is therefore urgently needed to realise the full health benefits for pregnant mothers and their children.
Genetic Contributions to Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Purpose of Review: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), low birthweight (LBW), and preterm birth (PTB), along with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) are associated with short- and long-term maternal and fetal cardiovascular risks. This review focuses on the genetic contributions to the risk of APOs and PPCM. Recent Findings: The expansion of genome-wide association studies (GWAS) has led to a better understanding of the biological mechanisms underpinning APO, PPCM, and the predisposition to cardiovascular disease across the life course. Genetic loci known to be involved with the risk of hypertension (FTO, ZNF831) have been associated with the development of overall HDP and preeclampsia. Additionally, four loci significantly associated with type 2 diabetes have been associated with GDM (CDKAL1, MTNR1B, TCF7L2, CDKN2A-CDKN2B). Variants in loci known to affect gene coding for proteins involved in immune cell function and placental health (EBF1, EEFSEC, AGTR2, 2q13) have been implicated in the development of PTB and future cardiovascular risks for both the mother and the offspring. Genetic similarities in rare variants between PPCM and dilated cardiomyopathy have been described suggesting shared pathophysiologic origins as well as predisposition for future risk of heart failure, highlighting the need for the development of PPCM genetic counseling guidelines. Summary: Genetics may inform mechanisms, risks, and counseling for individuals after an APO or PPCM. Through recent advances in genetic techniques and analytic approaches, new insights into the underlying biological mechanisms and genetic variants leading to these risks have been discovered.
Ideal cardiovascular health metrics and risk of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background and aims: Studies suggest a potential link between ideal cardiovascular health (CVH) and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, systematic reviews are lacking to pool these data and present a balanced review about this association. Methods and results: We performed a systematic search of PubMed/Medline, Web of Sciences, and Scopus from inception until November 2022 to search for prospective observational studies assessing the link between ideal CVH metrics, as introduced by the American Heart Association, and the risk of T2D in adults. Nine cohort studies with 78,912 participants and 6242 cases of T2D were included. The pooled relative risk of T2D for the highest versus the lowest category of ideal CVH metrics was 0.36 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.25, 0.47; risk difference: 5 fewer per 100 patients, 95% CI: 6 fewer, 4 fewer; Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation certainty = high). Each unit increase in the components of the ideal CVH metrics was associated with a 20% lower risk of T2D. Dose-response meta-analysis indicated a monotonic inverse association between ideal CVH metrics and the risk of T2D. Results from analysis of individual components showed that having a normal weight, adopting a healthy diet, and having normal blood pressure levels were associated with a reduced risk of T2D. Conclusions: Having an ideal CVH profile and a unit increase in any CVH metric are inversely associated with the risk of T2D. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42022376934.
Higher Dose Noninvasive Transcutaneous Auricular Vagus Nerve Stimulation Increases Feeding Volumes and White Matter Microstructural Complexity in Open-Label Study of Infants Slated for Gastrostomy Tube; Objective: To determine whether transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) paired with twice daily bottle feeding increases the volume of oral feeds and white matter neuroplasticity in term-age-equivalent infants failing oral feeds and determined to need a gastrostomy tube. Study design: In this prospective, open-label study, 21 infants received taVNS paired with 2 bottle feeds for 2 - 3 weeks (2x). We compared 1) increase oral feeding volumes with 2x taVNS and previously reported once daily taVNS (1x) to determine a dose response, 2) number of infants who attained full oral feeding volumes, and 3) diffusional kurtosis imaging and magnetic resonance spectroscopy before and after treatment by paired t tests. Results: All 2x taVNS treated infants significantly increased their feeding volumes compared with 10 days before treatment. Over 50% of 2x taVNS infants achieved full oral feeds but in a shorter time than 1x cohort (median 7 days [2x], 12.5 days [1x], P < .05). Infants attaining full oral feeds showed greater increase in radial kurtosis in the right corticospinal tract at the cerebellar peduncle and external capsule. Notably, 75% of infants of diabetic mothers failed full oral feeds, and their glutathione concentrations in the basal ganglia, a measure of central nervous system oxidative stress, were significantly associated with feeding outcome. Conclusions: In infants with feeding difficulty, increasing the number of daily taVNS-paired feeding sessions to twice-daily significantly accelerates response time but not the overall response rate of treatment. taVNS was associated with white matter motor tract plasticity in infants able to attain full oral feeds. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04643808).
Understanding the Complex Etiology and Complications of Preterm Birth – A Narrative Review; Preterm birth, which is defined as the delivery of a newborn before 37 weeks of gestation—remains a great problem for the medical community. Preterm birth has a complicated etiology that involves interactions between environmental, genetic, and maternal health factors. The relevant factors include genetic predisposition, inflammation, infection, and maternal stress. Inadequate prenatal care, and other lifestyle choices can also increase the chance of premature birth. These risk variables' complex underlying mechani sms are still being understood. Preterm birth has a wide range of effects on many organ systems and developmental stages. Due to their underdeveloped lungs, preterm newborns frequently have respiratory distress syndrome, which makes them more susceptible to infections. Long-term effects frequently include neurodevelopmental difficulties, such as cerebral palsy and learning difficulties. Care is made more difficult by gastrointestinal problems including necrotizing enterocolitis. Furthermore, families may experience significant emotional and financial hardships as a result of preterm birth. The complex web of circumstances that contribute to premature delivery and the wide range of difficulties that preterm newborns experiences were elaborated in this article.
Ceramides during Pregnancy and Obstetrical Adverse Outcomes; Ceramides are a group of sphingolipids located in the external plasma membrane layer and act as messengers in cellular pathways such as inflammatory processes and apoptosis. Plasma ceramides are biomarkers of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer’s disease, various autoimmune conditions and cancer. During pregnancy, ceramides play an important role as stress mediators, especially during implantation, delivery and lactation. Based on the current literature, plasma ceramides could be potential biomarkers of obstetrical adverse outcomes, although their role in metabolic pathways under such conditions remains unclear. This review aims to present current studies that examine the role of ceramides during pregnancy and obstetrical adverse outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications.
Portable Infrared-Based Glucometer Reinforced with Fuzzy Logic; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic condition characterized by high blood glucose levels owing to decreased insulin production or sensitivity. Current diagnostic approaches for gestational diabetes entail intrusive blood tests, which are painful and impractical for regular monitoring. Additionally, typical blood glucose monitoring systems are restricted in their measurement frequency and need finger pricks for blood samples. This research study focuses on the development of a non-invasive, real-time glucose monitoring method based on the detection of glucose in human tears and finger blood using mid-infrared (IR) spectroscopy. The proposed solution combines a fuzzy logic-based calibration mechanism with an IR sensor and Arduino controller. This calibration technique increases the accuracy of non-invasive glucose testing based on MID absorbance in fingertips and human tears. The data demonstrate that our device has high accuracy and reliability, with an error rate of less than 3%, according to the EGA. Out of 360 measurements, 97.5% fell into zone A, 2.2% into zone B, and 0.3% into zone C of the Clarke Error Grid. This suggests that our device can give clinically precise and acceptable estimates of blood glucose levels without inflicting any harm or discomfort on the user.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Pregnant Women with Abnormal 50 g Glucose Challenge Tests in Nakhon Si Thammarat, Thailand: A Retrospective Study; (1) Background: An abnormal 50 g glucose challenge test (50 g GCT) during pregnancy, even without a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), may result in undesirable obstetric and neonatal outcomes. This study sought to evaluate the outcomes in pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCT in secondary care hospitals in Thailand. (2) Methods: A total of 1129 cases of pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCT results who delivered between January 2018 and December 2020 at Thasala, Sichon, and Thungsong hospitals were retrospectively reviewed and divided into three groups: abnormal 50 g GCT and normal 100 g oral OGTT (Group 1; n = 397 cases), abnormal 50 g GCT and one abnormal 100 g OGTT value (Group 2; n = 452 cases), and GDM (Group 3; n = 307 cases). (3) Results: Cesarean section rates in group 3 (61.9%) were statistically higher than those in groups 1 (43.6%) and 2 (49.4%) (p < 0.001). In addition, the highest rate of birth asphyxia was found in group 2 (5.9%), which was significantly higher than that in Groups 1 (1.8%) and 3 (3.3%) (p = 0.007). (4) Conclusions: Pregnant women with abnormal 50 g GCTs without a diagnosis of GDM had undesirable maternal and neonatal outcomes, as well as those who had GDM, suggesting that healthcare providers should closely monitor them throughout pregnancy and the postpartum period.
Maternal Pre-Existing Diabetes: A Non-Inherited Risk Factor for Congenital Cardiopathies; Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common form of birth defects in humans. They occur in 9 out of 1000 live births and are defined as structural abnormalities of the heart. Understanding CHDs is difficult due to the heterogeneity of the disease and its multifactorial etiology. Advances in genomic sequencing have made it possible to identify the genetic factors involved in CHDs. However, genetic origins have only been found in a minority of CHD cases, suggesting the contribution of non-inherited (environmental) risk factors to the etiology of CHDs. Maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with a three- to five-fold increased risk of congenital cardiopathies, but the underlying molecular mechanisms are incompletely understood. According to current hypotheses, hyperglycemia is the main teratogenic agent in diabetic pregnancies. It is thought to induce cell damage, directly through genetic and epigenetic dysregulations and/or indirectly through production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). The purpose of this review is to summarize key findings on the molecular mechanisms altered in cardiac development during exposure to hyperglycemic conditions in utero. It also presents the various in vivo and in vitro techniques used to experimentally model pregestational diabetes. Finally, new approaches are suggested to broaden our understanding of the subject and develop new prevention strategies.
Impaired Angiogenic Function of Fetal Endothelial Progenitor Cells via PCDH10 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Maternal hyperglycemia, induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has detrimental effects on fetal vascular development, ultimately increasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases in offspring. The potential underlying mechanisms through which these complications occur are due to functional impairment and epigenetic changes in fetal endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), which remain less defined. We confirm that intrauterine hyperglycemia leads to the impaired angiogenic function of fetal EPCs, as observed through functional assays of outgrowth endothelial cells (OECs) derived from fetal EPCs of GDM pregnancies (GDM-EPCs). Notably, PCDH10 expression is increased in OECs derived from GDM-EPCs, which is associated with the inhibition of angiogenic function in fetal EPCs. Additionally, increased PCDH10 expression is correlated with the hypomethylation of the PCDH10 promoter. Our findings demonstrate that in utero exposure to GDM can induce angiogenic dysfunction in fetal EPCs through altered gene expression and epigenetic changes, consequently increasing the susceptibility to cardiovascular diseases in the offspring of GDM mothers.
Role of IL-34 and its receptors in inflammatory diseases; In recent years, IL-34 has been widely discussed as a novel cytokine. IL-34 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine binding four distinct receptors, namely CSF-1R, syndecan-1, PTP-ζ and TREM2. Previous studies have shown that IL-34 and its receptors play important roles in the development and progression of various inflammatory diseases. Therefore, IL-34 has the potential to be a biomarker and therapeutic target for inflammatory diseases. However, further study is still needed to identify the specific mechanism through which IL-34 contributes to illness. In this article, we review the recent advances in the biological roles of IL-34 and its receptors as well as their roles in the development and therapeutic application of inflammatory diseases.
Commentary from the Italian Association of Medical Diabetologists (AMD) and Italian Society of Diabetology (SID) Interassociative Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group on the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes: An open debate; The current board of the interassociative Italian association of medical diabetologists (AMD)/Italian society of diabetology (SID) Diabetes and Pregnancy Italian Study Group commented about two recent papers published in the New England Journal of Medicine that investigated the screening and diagnostic methods for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). It is well recognized that effective screening and accurate, early diagnosis of GDM contributes to better management of these women in order to reduce adverse maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes. However, there is worldwide controversy concerning which screening (selective or universal; one step or two steps) and which diagnostic criteria (glucose thresholds) are appropriate. The main findings of these papers are discussed along with their implications for the management of pregnant women.
High-risk HPV associated carcinoma with trophoblastic differentiation. A case report highlighting features of an aggressive somatic malignancy with elevated BHCG levels; We report a case of a poorly differentiated somatic carcinoma with trophoblastic differentiation of the cervix in a 29-year-old woman. Her recent antecedent pregnancy, rising serum Beta-Human Chorionic Gonadotropin titres and cervical based site raised the possibility of a non-choriocarcinomatous gestational trophoblastic neoplasm. The available tumor morphology, although not classic, was suggestive of epithelioid trophoblastic tumor (ETT). Immunohistochemistry was equivocal in separating the two differential diagnoses of a carcinoma with trophoblastic differentiation versus an ETT. Genotypic analysis revealed that the tumor harboured an identical genetic profile to that of the normal tissue, excluding the possibility of an ETT. High-risk human papilloma virus (HPV) testing using a highly sensitive real-time PCR method confirmed the presence of an HPV16 subtype. We concluded that the tumor represents a poorly differentiated HPV associated squamous cell carcinoma.
Pregnancy and spontaneous cervical artery dissection: A propensity-matched retrospective cohort study; Objectives: We hypothesized that pregnant women would have an increased risk of spontaneous cervical artery dissection (sCeAD) affecting the carotid or vertebral arteries over one-year follow-up after the first trimester ultrasound compared to matched non-pregnant controls. Materials and Methods: We queried a United States research network (TriNetX, Inc.) of de-identified medical records of >111 million patients, with data spanning 2008-2023. We included women aged ≥18 and excluded those with trauma and conditions potentially causative of sCeAD. Women were divided into cohorts based on a1 first trimester ultrasound and subsequent labor, delivery, or full-term pregnancy, or2 gynecological examination and no pregnancy. We used propensity matching to control for variables associated with sCeAD and calculated the risk ratio (RR) of sCeAD occurring over one-year follow-up from the index date of ultrasound or gynecological exam. Results: After matching, the incidence rate of sCeAD in the pregnancy cohort was 8.0 (95% CI: 8.0-8.1) per 100,000 person-years, compared to 3.9 (95% CI: 3.9-3.9) per 100,000 person-years in the non-pregnancy cohort, yielding an RR (95% CI) of 2.06 (1.17-3.61; P=.0104). A cumulative incidence graph suggested that most cases of sCeAD in the pregnancy cohort occurred during pregnancy rather than the postpartum period. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate that women have a twofold increased risk of sCeAD during pregnancy and the postpartum period compared to non-pregnant women. Further research is needed to determine whether maternal comorbidities such as preeclampsia account for these findings, and clarify when sCeAD occurs in relation to pregnancy or the postpartum period.
Comparing the pregnancy outcomes of cleavage and blastocyst stage in frozen embryo transfer cycles: A cross-sectional study; Background: In vitro fertilization has advanced in many ways, and new techniques are challenging. Blastocyst transfer is an alternative method for embryo transfer (ET) to improve in vitro fertilization outcomes. Objective: The present study was performed to determine the effect of pregnancies resulting from ET in the blastocyst stage compared to the cleavage stage in frozen cycles to select a better method of assisted reproduction. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 194 women who referred to the Yazd Reproductive Sciences Institute, Yazd, Iran, between April 2019 and December 2020. They had a frozen ET as either cleavage or blastocyst (n = 97/each group). The study compared the pregnancy and fetal outcomes in the 2 groups of ET at the cleavage and blastocyst stages. Results: The results showed that the blastocyst stage group had higher levels of anti-Mullerian hormone, ovule number, 2 pronuclear number, and embryo number than the cleavage stage group. The frequency of chemical pregnancies was 52.6% and 36.1% in blastocyst and cleavage group respectively (p = 0.02). Also, the frequency of clinical pregnancies was 41.2% and 22.7% in blastocyst and cleavage group respectively (p < 0.001). No statistically significant difference was observed between 2 groups in abortion, preterm delivery, multiple births, preterm premature rupture of membranes, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, ectopic pregnancy, neonatal hospitalization in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, and fetal abnormalities (p > 0.05). Conclusion: The results showed that transmission in the blastocyst stage compared to the cleavage stage is associated with an increase in chemical and clinical pregnancy, while other pregnancy outcomes are the same in both groups.
The correlation with abnormal fetal outcome and a high level of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein in mid-trimester; Objective: To evaluate the correlation of high levels [>2.0 multiples of median (MoM)] of amniotic fluid alpha-fetoprotein (AFAFP) in midtrimester with abnormal fetal outcome. Materials and methods: We retrospectively studied 6245 pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who had undergone amniocentesis between 15 and 27 weeks’ gestation at Mackay Memorial Hospital between January 2014 and June 2020. Fifty-five cases had high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM). We investigated the abnormal fetal outcomes. Results: Among the fifty-five cases with high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM), thirty (54.5%) had fetal chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and/or adverse obstetric events. Eight cases (14.5%) had chromosomal abnormalities including trisomy 21 (3 cases), trisomy 18 (3 cases), mosaic trisomy 18 (1 cases), and mosaic ring 13 (1 case). Seventeen cases (30.9%) had major structural abnormalities including abdominal wall defect (6 cases) and central nervous system (5 cases), gastrointestinal tract (3 cases), cardiovascular (2 cases), and genitourinary tract (2 cases) abnormalities. Fifteen cases (27%) had adverse obstetric events, including preterm delivery (5 cases), intrauterine fetal demise (4 cases), small for gestational age (4 cases), preeclampsia (4 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (2 cases), gestational hypertension (1 case), preterm prelabor rupture of membrane (1 case), prolonged labor (1 case), and preterm uterine contraction (1 case). Conclusion: A high AFAFP level (>2.0 MoM) in midtrimester can be associated with abnormal fetal outcome, including chromosomal abnormalities, major structural abnormalities, and adverse obstetric events. Women with a prenatal diagnosis of high AFAFP levels (>2.0 MoM) should be alerted of the possibility of abnormal fetal outcomes, and further detailed genetic studies and serial sonographic examinations are recommended.
Safe delivery planning of patients with moyamoya disease in pregnancy: Case series of a single center; Objective: Moyamoya disease (MMD) is a rare cerebral vascular disease and there is limited clinical experience for pregnant women. Cerebrovascular condition might deteriorated during pregnancy. Management and mode of delivery is challenging for obstetrics specialist. Case report: Three cases of parturients with moyamoya disease delivered in National Taiwan University Hospital are presented. All were previously diagnosed and one had stroke incidence before current pregnancy course. Two delivered with Cesarean section and one with vaginal delivery, and all delivered at term without maternal or neonatal complication. Conclusion: Although delivery method of parturients with MMD has been debating, vaginal delivery may be suitable for certain cases under adequate monitoring and case selection.
A case of cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis with massive xanthomas but without a considerable increase in serum cholestanol levels; Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis (CTX) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder caused by mutations in the sterol 27-hydroxylase gene (CYP27A1). Due to the deficiency of 27-hydroxylase, the synthesis of bile acids from cholesterol is impaired and excessive cholestanol accumulates in various tissues, such as the central nervous system, tendons, and lenses. Patients with CTX typically manifest intellectual decline, pyramidal tract symptoms, cerebellar symptoms, tendon xanthomas, juvenile cataracts, neonatal jaundice, chronic diarrhea, osteoporosis, and premature cardiovascular disease. Here, we report the atypical case of a 35-year-old female with CTX having massive xanthomas but without a considerable increase in serum cholestanol levels (3.9 µg/mL). In the differential diagnosis of xanthoma, CTX should not be ruled out even if the serum levels of cholestanol are not high, and genetic testing is necessary to make the appropriate diagnosis.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated with Premature Coronary Artery Disease: Linking Three Cohorts; Background: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at higher risk for the development of coronary artery disease (CAD) later in life. We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM, and risk of premature CAD (PCAD). Methods: This research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by using a retrospective, age-matched case–control study design. Cases (n = 721) were ascertained from the Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to ascertain their prior pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n = 194) were selected from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised women who were healthy or had other health conditions unrelated to CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (–5 years), and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography. Results: Compared with women without a history of PCAD, women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced the placenta-mediated pregnancy complications of preterm birth (adjusted odds ratio [OR] = 2.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21–5.00) or low-birth weight (adjusted OR = 2.44, 95% CI: 1.22–4.88), or have been diagnosed with active asthma during pregnancy (adjusted OR = 3.52, 95% CI: 1.05–11.76). Conclusion: Placenta-mediated pregnancy complications should be recognized as clear risk markers for future PCAD.
META ANALYSIS OF RISK FACTORS OF FETAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE IN MATERNAL OBESITY AND DIABETES; BACKGROUND: The causes of congenital heart disease (CHD) are intertwined, multifactorial and often elusive. There are many studies on prenatal risk factors for CHD, but the level of evidence on the quantitative effects of many of them is often low. There is no comprehensive systematic review of all prenatal CHD risk factors. Our objective is to perform a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis for all CHD risk factors. This abstract reports CHD risk in the presence of maternal diabetes and obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: PRISMA guidelines were used. A comprehensive search strategy encompassing the concepts of CHD and risk factors was used on PubMed, MEDLINE and Scopus databases. We retrieved 4862 records and screened them for the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHD, (3) published between 1989 and 2022. Meta-analyses with fixed and random effects models were performed. Pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) are reported. There were 27, 25 and 24 articles that met criteria for inclusion in meta-analyses of obesity, pre-gestational diabetes (PGDB) and gestational diabetes (GDB), respectively. There was an association between being overweight/obese and CHD (OR 1.32; 95%CI 1.16-1.50). We observed a dose-effect relationship, with ORs for being overweight, obese and morbidly obese being respectively 1.06 (95%CI 1.02-1.10), 1.17 (95%CI 1.12-1.23) and 1.43 (95%CI 1.35-1.53). PGDB was associated with CHD with an OR of 3.51 [95%CI 2.86-4.3]. Odds ratio between type I (OR 3.45; 95%CI 2.28-5.22) and type II (OR 2.88; 95%CI 1.58-5.26) diabetes were similar. Significant heterogeneity was observed (I2 = 85%, p = 0.0001), likely in part due to variations in measures of exposition. The effect size of GDB was less than PGDB (OR 1.27; 95%CI 1.06-1.53). Some studies reported a dose-effect relationship between HgA1C and CHD risk, but insufficient data existed for a meta-analysis. CONCLUSION: Pre-gestational diabetes is strongly and consistently associated with CHD risk. Further studies are necessary to assess whether glycemic control decreases the risk of CHD. The association of gestational diabetes and obesity with CHD was weaker, although there was a dose-response pattern with severity of obesity. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
RECOGNIZING THE RISKS TO WOMEN FOR CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE: AN INITIATIVE IN THE CARDIAC IMAGING PROGRAM; BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown non-traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors to include some of the following: premature menopause, pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, and autoimmune disease. Most Canadian women have at least one risk factor for CVD, yet despite public awareness, there is still significant knowledge gaps among Canadian women about these risks. The University of Ottawa Heart Institute (UOHI) Cardiac Imaging Department nursing staff participated in the Women’s Heart Health Education Day held by the institute in the fall of 2022 to better equip and understand the CVD risks posed to women. Recognizing these risks, the nursing staff sought to develop an initiative to better assess the CVD risk factors for female patients (and those assigned the female sex at birth), and to increase their awareness. Purpose: Improving the nursing assessment and education of female-specific cardiovascular risk factors in the Cardiac Imaging department. METHODS AND RESULTS: The nursing staff completed a literature review of assessment tools for cardiovascular risk factors and conducted an environmental scan to evaluate the current standard of practice for assessment and education of patients undergoing a cardiac Computerized Tomography (CT) procedure. The nursing staff also conducted a focus group with patient partners. The initiative was presented, and the patients were given the opportunity to provide qualitative feedback. The literature review and environmental scan yielded limited assessment tools and education resources of risk factors for female patients undergoing a cardiac CT. Therefore, the nursing staff, in collaboration with institutional experts on women heart health developed a more comprehensive assessment tool for assessing female specific risk factors for patients undergoing a cardiac CT. A resource tool for educating the patients and raising awareness was developed. To assess the effectiveness of the intervention, a survey was developed to assess the patients’ satisfaction and confidence level to discuss their specific risk factors with the primary care provider, after receiving the education from the nurse at cardiac CT. Focus group qualitative data was analyzed by the nursing staff, and two themes were interpreted: “Knowledge is power” and “Optimizing the questions” (Table 1). CONCLUSION: The nursing staff adapted the initiative to the patient’s feedback from the focus group. These changes included edits to the assessment and survey questions to further improve the nursing assessment of staff in CT area (Figure 1). The nursing staff is now implementing this initiative with the goal of empowering female patients through education and better understanding of their cardiovascular health. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
VARIOUS COMBINATIONS OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND GESTATIONAL HYPERTENSION IN TWO PREGNANCIES AND ASSOCIATIONS WITH CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GHTN) are established cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators, but the nuances of patterns across pregnancies are uncertain. The current evidence forces ‘ever GDM/never GDM’ and ‘ever GH/never GH’ dichotomies when incorporating these into CVD risk assessment; however, it is unclear whether CVD risk increases with GDM/GHTN recurrence, with first time occurrence in a second pregnancy, or with first pregnancy occurrence followed by second pregnancy absence. We are examining GDM/GHTN history across two singleton pregnancies in relationship to the development of CVD. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used Quebec healthcare administrative and vital statistics data for this retrospective cohort study. We considered women without prior CVD who had two singleton deliveries between 1990-2012 and defined 16 patterns of GDM/GHTN combinations across two pregnancies. The outcome was a CVD composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina requiring hospitalization or resulting in death. We followed women from 12 weeks after the second delivery until the first of this outcome, death, or end of the study period (2019). We constructed Cox models to assess CVD hazard ratios of women with various GDM/GHTN combinations versus those without GDM and GHTN. In separate analyses, we recategorized GDM/GHTN as cumulative occurrence (zero, one, two, or three or more) across two pregnancies. Confidentiality rules in Quebec require rounded values for frequency measures with rounding at the unit level only at time of submission for final publication. We present here approximate values for frequencies and overall trends observed and wish to provide all 16 specific hazard ratios during the presentation. Among over 430,000 mothers, more than 4,000 CVD events occurred during the 18-year median follow-up period. The highest hazards for CVD occurred in those with both GDM and GH in both pregnancies, with a hazard ratio of greater than 4. Various combinations of 3 diagnoses of GDM and/or GH across two pregnancies were associated with hazard ratios that ranged between 2.5-3.8. With two diagnoses of GDM and/or GH, there was an approximately a 2-fold increase in CVD hazards. With a single diagnosis of GDM or GH, the increase in hazards ranged between 40-60%. CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate that the cumulative number of GDM and GH diagnoses across two singleton pregnancies can be used to provide more precise estimates of CVD hazards than simple dichotomies of ever/never GDM and ever/never GH; this must stimulate attentive surveillance and CVD prevention efforts by health care providers, mothers, and health systems. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Gestational weight gain charts for Latin American adolescents; Monitoring gestational weight gain (GWG) throughout pregnancy among adolescents is important for detecting individuals at risk and timely intervention. However, there are no specific tools or guidelines for GWG monitoring of this group. We aimed to construct GWG charts for pregnant adolescents (10–19 years old) according to pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) using a pooled dataset from nine Latin American countries. Datasets from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay collected between 2003 and 2021 were combined after data cleaning and harmonization. Adolescents free of diseases that could affect GWG and who gave birth to newborns weighing between 2,500–4,000 g and free of congenital malformations were included. Multiple imputation techniques were applied to increase the sample size available for underweight and obesity categories. Generalized Additive Models for Location, Scale, and Shape were used to construct the charts of GWG according to gestational age. Internal and external validation procedures were performed to ensure that models were not over-adjusted to the data. The cohort included 6,414 individuals and 29,414 measurements to construct the charts and 1,684 individuals and 8,879 measurements for external validation. The medians (and interquartile ranges) for GWG at 40 weeks according to pre-pregnancy BMI were: underweight, 14.9 (11.9–18.6); normal weight, 14.0 (10.6–17.7); overweight, 11.6 (7.7–15.6); obesity, 10.6 kg (6.7–14.3). Internal and external validation showed that the percentages above/ below selected percentiles were close to those expected, except for underweight adolescents. These charts describe the GWG throughout pregnancy among Latin American adolescents and represent a significant contribution to the prenatal care of this group. GWG cut-offs based on values associated with lower risks of unfavorable outcomes for the mother-child binomial should be determined before implementing the charts in clinical practice.
Review of short-term and long-term adverse effects of covid-19 vaccination during pregnancy; Background: The covid-19 pandemic sparked a debate about the safety of vaccines during pregnancy. However, pregnant women were excluded from the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine phase 3 trials. As two years have passed since the first Covid-19 vaccine and more studies have been conducted, we want to evaluate the scientific literature to determine any actual risks in taking the vaccine during pregnancy. Methods: We conducted literature research using PubMed and Google Scholar databases from January to April 2023. As the review considers short- and long-term adverse effects it was divided into two parts. The first part was conducted as a systematic review. The second concerning long-term negative effects due to lack of research is a literature review. The inclusion criteria for the systematic review part were singleton pregnancies, women vaccinated during pregnancy, and studies from 2020 and later. The most common short-term pregnancy adverse effects were included in the search: preterm delivery, small gestation age, intrauterine death, congenital defects, stillborn, fetal growth retardation, spontaneous abortion. Maternal immune activation was the primary concern for the long-term adverse effects and whether vaccination could cause it. The search terms included maternal immune activation, fetal neurodevelopment, neuropsychiatric disorders and the studies used were from 2019. Results: Most studies showed no significant difference in short-term adverse effects between vaccinated and non-vaccinated women and their fetuses. However, the literature is insufficient to evaluate possible long-term adverse effects. Conclusion: Available evidence supports the safety of administering SARS-CoV-2 vaccines to pregnant women, but further systematic reviews and meta-analyses are essential. Maternal immune activation caused by vaccination may impact a child's neurodevelopment and should be a concern for future studies.
Impact of moderate-to-late preterm birth on neurodevelopmental outcomes in young children: Results from retrospective longitudinal follow-up with nationally representative data; This study investigated the relationship between moderate-to-late preterm (MLPT) birth and the risk of neurodevelopmental impairments (NIs) in young children compared with the risks associated with very preterm (VPT) and full-term (FT) birth based on nationally representative large-scale population data. Retrospective follow-up was conducted over 71 months for 738,733 children who were born and participated in the Korean National Health Screening Program for Infants and Children (NHSPIC) between 2011 and 2013. Using a data linkage between the NHSPIC and Korean healthcare claim information, data on birth year, sex, delivery type, birth weight, growth abnormality, gestational age, breastfeeding history, maternal age, NIs, multiple gestation, preterm labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking during pregnancy, and socioeconomic status were collected and included in the final analysis. Cox proportional hazards models were applied to identify the impact of gestational age on NI risk, with all variables adjusted as appropriate. Overall, 0.9% and 3.8% rates of VPT and MLPT births were identified, respectively. NI incidence was highest among VPT children (34.7%), followed by MLPT (23.9%) and FT (18.2%) children. Both VPT (hazard ratio [HR], 1.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.03 to 2.05) and MLPT (HR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.04 to 1.41) births were associated with increased NI risk. Low birth weight, PROM, and smoking during pregnancy were also associated with increased NI risk, while longer breastfeeding and higher socioeconomic status were associated with decreased risk. Special attention must be given to NIs for both VPT and MLPT children.
Increased cesarean section rate and premature birth according to modified WHO maternal cardiovascular risk in pregnant women with congenital heart disease; Background During pregnancy and delivery, hemodynamics are altered and complex congenital heart disease has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. We sought to investigate pregnancy outcome and complications in relation to complexity of heart condition. Materials and methods We studied women with ACHD discussed at multidisciplinary conferences at Lund University Hospital March 2009-May 2021. We studied 149 pregnancies in 101 women. We scored each woman retrospectively according to the modified World Health Organization (mWHO) risk classification and included patients in risk class I (n = 36, 24.1%), II (n = 43, 28.9%), II-III (n = 43, 28.9%), III (n = 24, 16.1%) and IV (n = 3, 2.0%). Results Women with mWHO class ≥III underwent cesarean section more often than women in less complex mWHO classes, (OR, 5.1; 95% CI, 2.0–12.5; p<0.001). The odds of premature delivery were significantly higher among pregnant women with mWHO class ≥III (OR, 6.7; 95% CI, 2.6–17.4; p<0.001). We found no difference in incidence of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, hemorrhage >1000 ml or cardiac defect in the neonate depending on WHO-class. Women in mWHO classes III-IV had a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) compared to women in mWHO classes I, II, II-III (p<0.007). Conclusions Our findings indicate that women with more complex heart disease (mWHO classes III or IV) tend to have a higher rate of cesarean section, premature birth and FGR.
Maternal and Fetal Cardiovascular Responses to Acute High-Intensity Interval and Moderate-Intensity Continuous Training Exercise during Pregnancy: A Randomized Crossover Trial; (Abstracted from Sports Med 2023;53(9):1819-1833) Current recommendations for exercise during pregnancy largely refer to moderate-intensity continuous training (MICT), which has been shown by many studies to be beneficial to both mother and fetus by reducing preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and depression. Although MICT has been shown to be effective, only 15% of individuals meet the recommended 150-minutes-a-week threshold for MICT; many individuals report their main obstacle as lack of time.
Type 2 diabetes linked FTO gene variant rs8050136 is significantly associated with gravidity in gestational diabetes in a sample of Bangladeshi women: Meta-analysis and case-control study; Objective Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a growing public health concern that has not been extensively studied. Numerous studies have indicated that a variant (rs8050136) of the fat mass-associated gene, FTO, is associated with both GDM and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). We conducted a meta-analysis on the association between the FTO single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) rs8050136 and T2DM, followed by a case-control study on the association of the said SNP and GDM in a sample of Bangladeshi women. Method A total of 25 studies were selected after exploring various databases and search engines, which were assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS). The MetaGenyo web tool was used to conduct this meta-analysis. A case-control study was performed on 218 GDM patients and 284 controls to observe any association between FTO rs8050136 and GDM. Genotyping was performed using the tetra-primer amplification refractory mutation system-polymerase chain reaction (T-ARMS) method, and statistical analyses were performed using various statistical softwares. Results In the meta-analysis 26231 cases and 43839 controls were examined. Pooled association analyses revealed a statistically significant relationship between the FTO rs8050136 polymorphism and an elevated risk of T2DM under all genetic models (P<0.05). In the case-control study, synergistic analyses of the SNP and gravida with GDM revealed a significant (P<0.01) association with an increase in odds by 1.6 to 2.4 folds in multigravida and decrease in odds by 2 folds in primigravida. A positive family history of diabetes and the minor allele of this SNP collectively increased the risk of developing GDM by many-fold (1.8 to 2.7 folds). However, after accounting for family history of diabetes and gravidity, analyses showed no significant association with GDM. Conclusion Our meta-analysis revealed a significant association between SNP rs8050136 of FTO with T2DM, and this variant was substantially associated with an increased risk of GDM in a sample of Bangladeshi multigravida women.
Causes, Timing, and Factors Related to Neonatal Death: A Descriptive Study; Background: Neonatal and pediatric health have a great share in global health programs. However, the neonatal mortality rate still shows unacceptable figures and statistics worldwide. Objectives: To investigate the timing and causes of neonatal death. Methods: In this retrospective descriptive study conducted in neonatal care units of Mahdiyeh Hospital in Tehran, Iran, the census sampling method was used to include all the medical records of the expired neonates during 2015-2020. Neonatal and maternal demographics and health complications were recorded. Descriptive statistics such as mean, standard deviation, frequency, and associations were analyzed to compare factors recorded as causes of neonatal death and its timing. A P-value of < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: Out of 24049 live births, 755 neonates had expired (3.1%). The expired neonates’ average birth weight was 1616 ± 905 grams, and 35.9% weighed under 1000 grams. Most (80.8%) expired neonates were preterm (30.9 ± 4.8 gestational weeks), and the most common causes of neonatal death were prematurity (23.6%), congenital anomaly (19.9%), respiratory distress syndrome or RDS (19.5%), sepsis (13.2%), and asphyxia (7%). Most (60.7%) neonates died between the second and seventh days of birth. The following conditions were associated with an early-period neonatal death rather than a later-period: multiple births (OR = 2.8), normal vaginal delivery (OR = 2.03), low-birth-weight, diabetic mothers, neonatal heart disease, neonatal neurological diseases, RDS, asphyxia, familial marriage, and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (P < 0.05). Being male (P = 0.005) or being multiple births (P < 0.0001) were associated with a higher risk of death. While 57% of mothers delivered through Cesarean section, among the expired neonates, 66.9% were delivered through Cesarean section. In expired neonates, Apgar scores were low in the first (5.71) and fifth (7.27) minutes of birth. Conclusions: Our study showed that prematurity, congenital anomaly, RDS, sepsis, and asphyxia were the most prevalent causes of death among expired neonates, respectively. Preterm birth and low birth weight were prevalent among expired neonates. Conducting regular similar studies periodically is important to identify, manage, and reduce neonatal mortality rates as an indicator of health promotion in the country.
Rates and Risk Factors of Pregnancy-Related Ischemic Stroke During Labor Admissions; Background: Pregnancy-related stroke is a relatively uncommon yet devastating complication. However, the rates and associated risk factors of stroke in this context remain poorly described. Hypothesis: We aim to evaluate rates and associated risk factors for stroke. Methods: We conducted a population-based retrospective study using national inpatient data from 2016 to 2020 to assess ischemic stroke rates and identify associated risk factors during labor admissions. Regression analysis was performed, adjusting for multiple patient characteristics, to determine significant factors related to stroke occurrence. Results: We examined a total of 19,089,780 labor admissions. The incidence of ischemic stroke during labor admissions was recorded at a rate of 445 per 100,000 cases. Several factors showed significant associations with ischemic stroke in this context. Atrial fibrillation exhibited a strong correlation (odds ratio [OR] 5.98, 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.16-30.92], p=0.033), as did dyslipidemia (OR 9.54, 95% CI [4.38-20.80], p<0.001), heart failure (OR 3.95, 95% CI [1.09-14.34], p=0.037), chronic kidney disease (OR 6.27, 95% CI [1.92-20.47], p=0.002), cesarean section (OR 2.23, 95% CI [1.60-3.13], p<0.001), chronic hypertension (OR 1.67, 95% CI [1.12-2.47], p=0.011), and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (OR 7.00, 95% CI [4.94-9.44], p<0.001). However, factors such as advanced maternal age, race/ethnicity, income quartile, gestational and non-gestational diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease, tobacco use, polycystic ovarian syndrome, and peripartum cardiomyopathy did not exhibit significant associations with stroke. Conclusion: Our study highlights an incidence rate of 445 per 100,000 cases for pregnancy-related ischemic stroke during labor admissions and identified certain associated risk factors. These findings provide valuable guidance to healthcare professionals in identifying high-risk individuals. (Figure Presented).
Economic Burden of Pregnancy Among Privately Insured Women With Congenital Heart Disease; Background: Women with congenital heart defects (CHD) are increasingly reaching childbearing age. Understanding their healthcare costs in pregnancy may inform resource allocation, financial planning, and preconception counseling. Methods: We used 2010-2016 US commercially insured beneficiaries' data within the IBM MarketScan® database to identify pregnancies among 18-55-year-old women with CHD and matched controls without CHD. We assessed baseline characteristics, cardiac and noncardiac conditions, pregnancy related conditions, birth outcomes, and cesarean section. We estimated total and out-of-pocket (OOP) costs, compiled and adjusted to 2016 medical component of the consumer price index. Negative binomial mixed model was used. Results: There were 6385 pregnancies in 5077 women with CHD (672 pregnancies among severe and 5713 among nonsevere) and 9438 pregnancies in 7737 controls. Compared to controls, pregnancies with CHD were more likely to be 35+ years of age at delivery, resided in the Northeast and West regions, had flexible insurance plans, cardiac conditions, noncardiac conditions, birth outcomes, pregnancy related conditions and cesarean sections, while there was no difference in the year of delivery and gestational diabetes rates. After adjusting for all covariates, having CHD was an independent predictor of higher adjusted pregnancy-related cost ratio for total (1.49, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.40, 1.59) and OOP costs (1.27, 95% CI 1.19, 1.35). The adjusted mean total and OOP cost difference for pregnancy per patient for any CHD, severe CHD, and nonsevere CHD was significantly higher than controls (Figure). Total expenditure and OOP cost of CHD pregnancies during the study period were $162.5 and $15.7 million dollars respectively. Conclusions: We provide novel estimates of economic burden of pregnancy among privately insured CHD patients for clinical and financial counseling and planning for patients, payors and policymakers. (Figure Presented).
Cohort profile update: the Norwegian STORK Groruddalen (STORK G) pregnancy and birth cohort—the role of ethnicity and causal pathways for obesity, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues; Purpose The STORK Groruddalen cohort was set up in 2008 to explore ethnic differences in: (1) maternal health, primarily gestational diabetes (GDM) and related health issues during pregnancy and post partum, and effects of exposures on risk for type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and other health issues, and (2) offspring’s growth and body composition, overweight/obesity and effects of early life exposures. Participants 823 women (74% of invited) were followed from gestational week (GW) 15. Data were collected from 618 fathers. In total, 59% of women and 53% of fathers had origin from non-Western countries. Maternal mean age was 29.9 years (SD 4.9), and body mass index (BMI) 25.3 kg/m2 (4.9). Data were obtained from 772 women (94%) at GW 28, and 662 women (80%) 14 weeks post partum. Eleven years post partum, 385 women (53% of eligible/47% of original cohort) attended, age was 42.0 years (4.8) and BMI 27.1 kg/m2 (5.1). We have data for 783 children at birth, and for 586 at last time point, mean age 8.6 (0.5) years, weight 30.7 (6.8) kg and length 133.9 (6.3) cm. Findings to date We collected questionnaire data from parents, clinical measurements and blood samples from mothers, and data on children’s growth (mid-pregnancy to 8 years). Our biobank includes maternal blood and urine samples, biopsy material from placentas and umbilical venous cord blood. We found several clinically important differences in maternal health, with higher risk in ethnic minority groups for GDM, insulin resistance, vitamin D and iron deficiency, depressive symptoms and physical inactivity. Contrasting patterns of fetal growth and risk of overweight/thinness at preschool age were observed across ethnic groups. Maternal GDM, obesity and high gestational weight gain were associated with children’s BMI trajectories. Future plans We will examine the impact of maternal and fetal health and development during pregnancy on long-term outcomes for mothers and offspring.
Body Mass Index, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Cardiovascular Disease Risk; BACKGROUND: Obesity is a well-established risk factor for both adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is not known whether APOs are mediators or markers of the obesity-CVD relationship. This study examined the association between body mass index, APOs, and postpartum CVD risk factors. METHODS: The sample included adults from the nuMoM2b (Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-To-Be) Heart Health Study who were enrolled in their first trimester (6 weeks-13 weeks 6 days gestation) from 8 United States sites. Participants had a follow-up visit at 3.7 years postpartum. APOs, which included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and gestational diabetes, were centrally adjudicated. Mediation analyses estimated the association between early pregnancy body mass index and postpartum CVD risk factors (hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes) and the proportion mediated by each APO adjusted for demographics and baseline health behaviors, psychosocial stressors, and CVD risk factor levels. RESULTS: Among 4216 participants enrolled, mean±SD maternal age was 27±6 years. Early pregnancy prevalence of overweight was 25%, and obesity was 22%. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy occurred in 15%, preterm birth in 8%, small-for-gestational-age birth in 11%, and gestational diabetes in 4%. Early pregnancy obesity, compared with normal body mass index, was associated with significantly higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (adjusted odds ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.10-1.18]), hyperlipidemia (1.11 [95% CI, 1.08-1.14]), and diabetes (1.03 [95% CI, 1.01-1.04]) even after adjustment for baseline CVD risk factor levels. APOs were associated with higher incidence of postpartum hypertension (1.97 [95% CI, 1.61-2.40]) and hyperlipidemia (1.31 [95% CI, 1.03-1.67]). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mediated a small proportion of the association between obesity and incident hypertension (13% [11%-15%]) and did not mediate associations with incident hyperlipidemia or diabetes. There was no significant mediation by preterm birth or small-for-gestational-age birth. CONCLUSIONS: There was heterogeneity across APO subtypes in their association with postpartum CVD risk factors and mediation of the association between early pregnancy obesity and postpartum CVD risk factors. However, only a small or nonsignificant proportion of the association between obesity and CVD risk factors was mediated by any of the APOs, suggesting APOs are a marker of prepregnancy CVD risk and not a predominant cause of postpartum CVD risk.
The Relationship between Coronary Flow Reserve and the TyG Index in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent metabolic disorder characterized by glucose intolerance during pregnancy. The triglyceride glucose (TyG) index, a marker of insulin resistance, and coronary flow reserve (CFR), a measure of coronary microvascular function, are emerging as potential indicators of cardiovascular risk. This study aims to investigate the association between CFR and the TyG index in GDM patients. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study of 87 GDM patients and 36 healthy controls was conducted. The participants underwent clinical assessments, blood tests, and echocardiographic evaluations. The TyG index was calculated as ln(triglycerides × fasting glucose/2). CFR was measured using Doppler echocardiography during rest and hyperemia induced by dipyridamole. Results: The study included 87 individuals in the GDM group and 36 individuals in the control group. There was no significant difference in age between the two groups (34.1 ± 5.3 years for GDM vs. 33.1 ± 4.9 years for the control, p = 0.364). The TyG index was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the controls (p < 0.001). CFR was lower in the GDM group (p < 0.001). A negative correlation between the TyG index and CFR was observed (r = -0.624, p < 0.001). Linear regression revealed the TyG index as an independent predictor of reduced CFR. Conclusions: The study findings reveal a significant association between the TyG index and CFR in GDM patients, suggesting their potential role in assessing cardiovascular risk.
Rare cause of abdominal pain in the third trimester: Uterine torsion; The occurrence of uterine torsion is rare, as the uterus is supported in place by the uterine ligaments. When occurring during pregnancy, it is associated with increased perinatal mortality and maternal morbidity. We report a case of uterine torsion in a 36-week pregnant woman with a history of one previous caesarean section who presented with acute abdominal pain and signs of fetal distress. A 180 degree uterine torsion was recognised during emergency caesarean section with detorsion done prior to delivery and the baby was delivered in good condition. This case highlights the importance of prompt recognition and decision-making in managing this rare obstetric emergency to achieve a successful maternal and foetal outcome.
Randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: Study protocol for the before the BEGINNING trial; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods and analysis This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks post partum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the € intention to treat' principle using linear mixed models. Ethics and dissemination The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results. Trial registration number Clinical trial gov NCT04585581.
Pregnancy-associated stroke and the recurrence of stroke and other complications in subsequent pregnancies: Population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: To examine the outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies from women with a previous pregnancy-associated stroke (PAS) in comparison to matched controls. Design: Population-based retrospective cohort study. Setting and population: All women with a PAS in Finland 1987–2016 (n = 235) and controls (n = 694). Methods: We identified all subsequent deliveries and induced and spontaneous abortions for women with a previous PAS and their matched controls from the Medical Birth Register and the Hospital Discharge Register until 2016. The number, course and outcomes of the subsequent pregnancies were compared. Patient records were studied for PAS recurrence. Main outcome measures: PAS recurrence and pregnancy complications. Results: Women with a previous PAS had fewer subsequent deliveries: 73 (31.1%) women had 122 deliveries in all, whereas 303 (47.3%) of the controls had 442 deliveries (age-adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.54, 95% CI 0.38–0.76). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (17.2% versus 5.7%, age-adjusted OR 4.0, 95% CI 1.7–9.3), especially chronic hypertension (age-adjusted OR 5.9, 95% CI 1.5–24.7), and any diabetes during pregnancy (24.6% versus 14.5%, age-adjusted OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.1–3.8) were more common in cases. Regarding HDP, the difference between groups was explained by underlying factors such as index pregnancy HDP (multivariable OR 2.4, 95% CI 0.8–6.7). PAS recurred in four cases (5.5%). Conclusions: Subsequent pregnancies of women with a history of PAS are more often complicated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and any diabetes during pregnancy. PAS recurrence risk is considerable.
Homozygous 22q11.2 distal type II microdeletion is associated with syndromic neurodevelopmental delay; Genomic disorders result from heterozygous copy number variants (CNVs). Homozygous deletions spanning numerous genes are rare, despite the potential contribution of consanguinity to such instances. CNVs in the 22q11.2 region are mediated by nonallelic homologous recombination between pairs of low copy repeats (LCRs), from amongst eight LCRs designated A-H. Heterozygous distal type II deletions (LCR-E to LCR-F) have incomplete penetrance and variable expressivity, and can lead to neurodevelopmental issues, minor craniofacial anomalies, and congenital abnormalities. We report siblings with global developmental delay, hypotonia, minor craniofacial anomalies, ocular abnormalities, and minor skeletal issues, in whom chromosomal microarray identified a homozygous distal type II deletion. The deletion was brought to homozygosity as a result of a consanguineous marriage between two heterozygous carriers of the deletion. The phenotype of the children was strikingly more severe and complex than that of the parents. This report suggests that the distal type II deletion harbors a dosage-sensitive gene or regulatory element, which leads to a more severe phenotype when deleted on both chromosomes.
A Systematic Approach to Treating Early Metabolic Disease and Prediabetes; At least 70% of US adults have metabolic disease. However, less is done to address early disease (e.g., overweight, obesity, prediabetes) versus advanced disease (e.g., type 2 diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease). Given the burden of advanced metabolic disease and the burgeoning pandemics of obesity and prediabetes a systematic response is required. To accomplish this, we offer several recommendations: (A) Patients with overweight, obesity, and/or prediabetes must be consistently diagnosed with these conditions in medical records to enable population health initiatives. (B) Patients with early metabolic disease should be offered in-person or virtual lifestyle interventions commensurate with the findings of the Diabetes Prevention Program. (C) Patients unable to participate in or otherwise failing lifestyle intervention must be screened to assess if they require pharmacotherapy. (D) Patients not indicated for, refusing, or failing pharmacotherapy must be screened to assess if they need bariatric surgery. (E) Regardless of treatment approach or lack of treatment, patients must be consistently screened for the progression of early metabolic disease to advanced disease to enable early control. Progression of metabolic disease from an overweight yet otherwise healthy person includes the development of prediabetes, obesity ± prediabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, type 2 diabetes, chronic kidney disease, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Systematic approaches in health systems must be deployed with clear protocols and supported by streamlined technologies to manage their population’s metabolic health from early through advanced metabolic disease. Additional research is needed to identify and validate optimal system-level interventions. Future research needs to identify strategies to roll out systematic interventions for the treatment of early metabolic disease and to improve the metabolic health among the progressively younger patients being impacted by obesity and diabetes.
Safety of entecavir antiviral therapyduring an accidental pregnancy in patients with chronic hepatitis B; The present study aimed to investigate the effects of accidental pregnancy CHB patients' reproductive age on their offspring during entecavir (ETV) antiviral therapy. A total of 112 couples were retrospectively enrolled, and they were divided into an observational and control group. A total of 53 couples who had accidental pregnancies while receiving long-term ETV antiviral medication were recruited for the observational group. The control group consisted of 59 couples who became pregnant accidentally while receiving long-term tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) antiviral treatment. All mothers persisted in their pregnancies in the observational group, and ETV was promptly replaced with TDF. Every mother remained pregnant and continued to use TDF in the control group. The maternal and baby safety profiles, including the prevalence of congenital disabilities, were comparable across the observational and control groups at delivery. In addition, no unusual indications or symptoms of the newborns were noted during the follow-up intervals of 28, 48, and 96 weeks postpartum. Initiating ETV or TDF in early and middle pregnancy seems safe for mothers and infants. Important data from the present study support using ETV in early-mid gestational accidental pregnancies and the prompt substitution of TDF antiviral medication for ETV.
Maternal and fetal health outcomes in systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancies in the Emirati population: A comparative study; Objectives: To evaluate adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), compare their maternal and fetal outcomes with those of age-matched pregnant women without SLE, and identify factors linked to increased risks of adverse outcomes. Methods: Medical records from Tawam Hospital were reviewed retrospectively to identify patients with SLE and a history of pregnancy. Demographics, clinical variables, and maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained. A one-to-one age-matched healthy control group was randomly selected. The outcomes and odd ratios of women with and without SLE were compared, and factors associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes were examined. Results: The outcomes of 78 SLE pregnancies in 39 women were analyzed. Adverse maternal outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), occurred in 32% of pregnancies, whereas adverse fetal outcomes, such as low-birth weight and preterm deliveries, occurred in 51% of pregnancies. Pregnant women with SLE had a 5-fold higher risk of GDM, had higher odds of maternal hypertension, and were more likely to deliver through cesarean section than those without SLE. Preterm deliveries and low-birth weight were also more common in SLE pregnancies. Steroid use during pregnancy was significantly associated with an increased risk of GDM development. Lupus nephritis, maternal hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and GDM were linked to preterm deliveries. Conclusion: Pregnant women with SLE were at a higher risk for adverse maternal and fetal outcomes than age-matched pregnant women without SLE. These findings can guide clinical management and emphasize the need for close monitoring of SLE pregnancies.
Second international consensus report on gaps and opportunities for the clinical translation of precision diabetes medicine; Precision medicine is part of the logical evolution of contemporary evidence-based medicine that seeks to reduce errors and optimize outcomes when making medical decisions and health recommendations. Diabetes affects hundreds of millions of people worldwide, many of whom will develop life-threatening complications and die prematurely. Precision medicine can potentially address this enormous problem by accounting for heterogeneity in the etiology, clinical presentation and pathogenesis of common forms of diabetes and risks of complications. This second international consensus report on precision diabetes medicine summarizes the findings from a systematic evidence review across the key pillars of precision medicine (prevention, diagnosis, treatment, prognosis) in four recognized forms of diabetes (monogenic, gestational, type 1, type 2). These reviews address key questions about the translation of precision medicine research into practice. Although not complete, owing to the vast literature on this topic, they revealed opportunities for the immediate or near-term clinical implementation of precision diabetes medicine; furthermore, we expose important gaps in knowledge, focusing on the need to obtain new clinically relevant evidence. Gaps include the need for common standards for clinical readiness, including consideration of cost-effectiveness, health equity, predictive accuracy, liability and accessibility. Key milestones are outlined for the broad clinical implementation of precision diabetes medicine.
FIGO good practice recommendations for cesarean delivery: Prep-for-Labor triage to minimize risks and maximize favorable outcomes; Cesarean delivery is an abdominal surgical procedure performed for child delivery when the vaginal route is not feasible or desired due to maternal/fetal indications. All childbirth facilities should be able to safely perform a cesarean, which is not the current reality. For planned cesarean delivery, the facility must be prepared for the patient. In contrast, for unplanned arrivals at the facility, FIGO's Prep-for-Labor triage method allows rapid decision-making on whether cesarean delivery can be safely performed on site or whether transfer to an advanced care center is needed. A checklist of staff/tools for safe on-site cesarean delivery is provided to enable timely decision-making. Maternal complications following cesarean are three-fold higher than vaginal delivery. To prevent nonmedically indicated cesarean by favoring vaginal delivery, up-to-date safe and effective guidance is provided, defining labor, second stage length, and status before an arrested labor is confirmed. Whether cesarean delivery is planned or emergency, the Misgav Ladach simplified procedure is proposed as it is suitable for both low- and high-risk cases, including twins, thereby reducing both operative morbidity and postoperative recovery. A trial of labor after first cesarean (TOLAC) should be pursued when feasible, for which the indications, contraindications, safeguards, and steps of safe labor induction are delineated. Implementation of these good practice recommendations will improve childbirth by reducing excessive nonindicated cesareans, while precisely defining the resources and postoperative care required for safe performance on site. Enabling safe childbirth by cesarean and TOLAC, even at sites with low rates currently, will significantly improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Efficacy of Time-Restricted Eating and Behavioral Economic Intervention in Reducing Fasting Plasma Glucose, HbA1c, and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Patients with Impaired Fasting Glucose: A Randomized Controlled Trial; This randomized controlled trial is aimed at assessing the efficacy of combining time-restricted eating (TRE) with behavioral economic (BE) interventions and comparing it to TRE alone and to the usual care for reducing fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), and other cardiometabolic risk factors among patients with impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Seventy-two IFG patients aged 18–65 years were randomly allocated for TRE with BE interventions (26 patients), TRE alone (24 patients), or usual care (22 patients). Mean FPG, HbA1c, and other cardiometabolic risk factors among the three groups were compared using a mixed-effect linear regression analysis. Mean body weight, FPG, HbA1c, fasting insulin, and lipid profiles did not significantly differ among the three groups. When considering only patients who were able to comply with the TRE protocol, the TRE group showed significantly lower mean FPG, HbA1c, and fasting insulin levels compared to the usual care group. Our results did not show significant differences in body weight, blood sugar, fasting insulin, or lipid profiles between TRE plus BE interventions, TRE alone, and usual care groups. However, TRE might be an effective intervention in lowering blood sugar levels for IFG patients who were able to adhere to the TRE protocol.
Towards Novel Nutritional Strategies in Gestational Diabetes: Eating Behaviour and Obesity in Women with Gestational Diabetes Compared with Non-Pregnant Adults; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Effective nutritional strategies are needed to reduce BMI and improve long-term maternal cardiometabolic health, but the relative contribution of maternal eating behaviour, a potential barrier to dietary change, has not been explored. We compared eating behaviour in women with gestational diabetes with that of men and non-pregnant women with comparable risk factors, and tested associations between eating behaviour traits and BMI in women with gestational diabetes. We hypothesized that eating behaviour would be unfavourable in gestational diabetes and would be associated with BMI. Methods: Participants (n = 417) including 53 men, 164 non-pregnant women and 200 women with gestational diabetes (singleton pregnancy; 29 weeks’ gestation) were recruited into three prospective studies assessing weight loss interventions, with similar entry criteria. The three-factor eating questionnaire (TFEQ-R18) assessed uncontrolled eating, emotional eating and cognitive restraint at study enrolment. Associations between BMI at study enrolment and TFEQ-R18 (% maximum score) were assessed using linear regression. Results: Women with gestational diabetes had significantly lower uncontrolled eating scores vs. men (53% vs. 65%; p < 0.001) and non-pregnant women (53% vs. 66%; p < 0.001), lower emotional eating scores vs. non-pregnant women (60% vs. 71%; p < 0.001) and higher cognitive restraint (p < 0.001 vs. men and non-pregnant women). In women with gestational diabetes, emotional eating scores were positively associated with BMI at study enrolment (beta coefficient 7.8 (95% CI 3.9 to 11.7), p < 0.001). Conclusions: Women with gestational diabetes have favourable eating behaviour compared with other population groups. Because BMI at study enrolment was associated with emotional eating, nutritional strategies which reduce emotional eating may provide new opportunities to improve long-term maternal health after gestational diabetes.
Deep Medullary Vein Thrombosis in Newborns: A Systematic Literature Review; Background: Deep medullary vein (DMV) thrombosis is a rare cause of brain damage in both preterm and full-term neonates. In this study, we aimed to collect data on clinical and radiological presentation, treatment, and outcome of neonatal DMV thrombosis. Methods: Systematic literature review on neonatal DMV thrombosis was carried out in PubMed, ClinicalTrial.gov, Scopus, and Web of Science up to December 2022. Results: Seventy-five published cases of DMV thrombosis were identified and analysed (preterm newborns were 46%). Neonatal distress, respiratory resuscitation, or need for inotropes were present in 34/75 (45%) of patients. Signs and symptoms at presentation included seizures (38/75, 48%), apnoea (27/75, 36%), lethargy or irritability (26/75, 35%). At magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), fan-shaped linear T2 hypointense lesions were documented in all cases. All had ischaemic injuries, most often involving the frontal (62/74, 84%) and parietal lobes (56/74, 76%). Signs of haemorrhagic infarction were present in 53/54 (98%). Antithrombotic treatment was not mentioned in any of the studies included. Although mortality was low (2/75, 2.6%), a large proportion of patients developed neurological sequelae (intellectual disability in 19/51 [37%] and epilepsy in 9/51 [18%] cases). Conclusions: DMV thrombosis is rarely identified in the literature, even if it is possibly under-recognized or under-reported. Presentation in neonatal age is with seizures and non-specific systemic signs/symptoms that often cause diagnostic delay, despite the pathognomonic MRI picture. The high rate of morbidity, which determines significant social and health costs, requires further in-depth studies aimed at earlier diagnosis and evidence-based prevention and therapeutic strategies.
Metabolomic epidemiology offers insights into disease aetiology; Metabolomic epidemiology is the high-throughput study of the relationship between metabolites and health-related traits. This emerging and rapidly growing field has improved our understanding of disease aetiology and contributed to advances in precision medicine. As the field continues to develop, metabolomic epidemiology could lead to the discovery of diagnostic biomarkers predictive of disease risk, aiding in earlier disease detection and better prognosis. In this Review, we discuss key advances facilitated by the field of metabolomic epidemiology for a range of conditions, including cardiometabolic diseases, cancer, Alzheimer’s disease and COVID-19, with a focus on potential clinical utility. Core principles in metabolomic epidemiology, including study design, causal inference methods and multi-omic integration, are briefly discussed. Future directions required for clinical translation of metabolomic epidemiology findings are summarized, emphasizing public health implications. Further work is needed to establish which metabolites reproducibly improve clinical risk prediction in diverse populations and are causally related to disease progression.
Case of Congenital Hemolytic Anemia with ATP11C and ANK1 Variants; A male infant of Han descent, with a G1P1 mother and gestational age of 40+4 weeks, was born via cesarean section owing to his mother having pregnancy complications, including premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, and gestational diabetes. On the first day after birth, routine blood examination showed that his total red blood cells count was 2.32 × 1012/L, hemoglobin count was 77 g/L, and C-reactive protein count was 48.99 mg/L. After receiving an anti-infection treatment for 10 days and two blood transfusions (100 mL in total), he was discharged from a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Accessory examinations showed that reticulocytes in the peripheral blood were significantly increased, the morphology of red blood cells was normal, and all hemolysis-related examinations were normal; bone marrow examinations showed that the proliferation of the red blood cell system was low and serum ferritin and vitamin B12 levels were elevated. Because of the unexplained hemolysis, a whole-exome sequencing examination was performed. The results showed a hemizygous variant of the ATP11C gene (c.3136a>t/p ile 1046phe) and a frame-shift variant of the ANK1 gene (c.937del/pala313 leufs*19). After a six-month follow-up, the serum ferritin and vitamin B12 levels had gradually decreased to normal levels, and hemoglobin and reticulocyte values were 97 g/L and 7.17%, respectively, in the peripheral blood. No splenomegaly was found in physical examination.
Effects of a low glycemic index or low glycemic load diet on pregnant women at high risk of gestational diabetes: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Aims: To evaluate the effect of low glycemic index or low glycemic load diets on maternal and neonatal outcomes at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Data synthesis: Several databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Embase, OVID, Clinical Trials. gov, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, China Biomedical Database, and Wanfang Database) were searched from January 1990 to January 2022 (updated to November 2022). Randomized controlled trials of low glycemic index diets interventions for women at high risk of GDM were included. From 2131 articles initially were screened, after eliminating duplicates, 1749 titles and abstracts were analyzed. 71 documents that met the inclusion criteria were selected and 3 documents were obtained through searching the reference lists. After reading the full text, 10 studies were retained. Two authors evaluated the studies, extracted data and conducted quality assessment independently. A total of 10 studies with 2304 patients met the inclusion criteria. Compared with the control group, a low glycemic index diet could control the range of weight gain (WMD -1.01, 95% CI -1.41 to -0.61), decrease the incidence of excessive weight gain (OR 0.69, 95% CI 0.54–0.87), lessen the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants (OR 0.32, 95% CI 0.16–0.62) and reduce the incidence of preterm infants (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.29–0.71). Conclusion: A low glycemic index or low glycemic load diet could control maternal weight gain, reduce the incidence of excessive weight gain, and decrease the incidence of large-for-gestational-age infants and preterm infants in group with high risk of GDM. Prospero: CRD42022322697.
Disrupted Balance of the Oxidant–Antioxidant System in the Pathophysiology of Female Reproduction: Oxidative Stress and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; The significance of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of male reproductive processes has been closely studied in the last two decades. Recently, it has become clear that oxidative stress can lead to numerous pathological conditions during female reproductive processes as well, contributing to the development of endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome and various forms of infertility. During pregnancy, physiological generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) occurs in association with several developmental processes including oocyte maturation and implantation. An overproduction of ROS can lead to disturbances in fetal development and increases the risk for missed abortion, intrauterine growth restriction, pre-eclampsia, premature delivery and gestational diabetes. Our review focuses on the etiological role of the disrupted oxidant–antioxidant system during human gestation as it relates to adverse pregnancy outcomes.
The Role of Vitamin D and Its Molecular Bases in Insulin Resistance, Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome, and Cardiovascular Disease: State of the Art; In the last decade, an increasing awareness was directed to the role of Vitamin D in non-skeletal and preventive roles for chronic diseases. Vitamin D is an essential hormone in regulating calcium/phosphorous balance and in the pathogenesis of inflammation, insulin resistance, and obesity. The main forms of vitamin D, Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D3) and Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) are converted into the active form (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D) thanks to two hydroxylations in the liver, kidney, pancreas, and immune cells. Some anti-inflammatory cytokines are produced at higher levels by vitamin D, while some pro-inflammatory cytokines are released at lower levels. Toll-Like Receptor (TLR) expression is increased, and a pro-inflammatory state is also linked to low levels of vitamin D. Regardless of how it affects inflammation, various pathways suggest that vitamin D directly improves insulin sensitivity and secretion. The level of vitamin D in the body may change the ratio of pro- to anti-inflammatory cytokines, which would impact insulin action, lipid metabolism, and the development and function of adipose tissue. Many studies have demonstrated an inverse relationship between vitamin D concentrations and pro-inflammatory markers, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. It is interesting to note that several long-term studies also revealed an inverse correlation between vitamin D levels and the occurrence of diabetes mellitus. Vitamin D supplementation in people has controversial effects. While some studies demonstrated improvements in insulin sensitivity, glucose, and lipid metabolism, others revealed no significant effect on glycemic homeostasis and inflammation. This review aims to provide insight into the molecular basis of the relationship between vitamin D, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, type 1 and 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases.
Gender-Related Factors in Medication Adherence for Metabolic and Cardiovascular Health; This review explores the impact of gender on medication adherence in the context of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Optimal adherence to medication is crucial for achieving treatment goals and preventing adverse outcomes in chronic diseases. The review examines specific conditions such as type 2 diabetes, hypercholesterolemia, arterial hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, and heart failure. In type 2 diabetes, female sex, younger age, new drug prescription, non-white ethnicity, low education level, and low income were identified as predictors of non-adherence. Depressive disorders were also found to influence adherence. In hypercholesterolemia, women exhibited poorer adherence to statin therapy compared to men, with statin-related side effects and patient perception being significant factors. Adherence to anti-hypertensive therapy showed conflicting results, with studies reporting both higher and lower adherence in women. Limited evidence suggests that women may have poorer adherence after acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Regarding heart failure, adherence studies have shown inconsistent findings. The reasons for gender differences in medication adherence are multifactorial and include sociodemographic, disease-related, treatment-related, and psychological factors. This review emphasizes the need for further research to better understand these differences and develop gender-customized interventions that can improve medication adherence and reduce the burden of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases.
Pregnancy Complications and Feto-Maternal Monitoring in Rabbits; Rabbit production holds significant relevance in modern agriculture due to its potential as a sustainable source of high-quality protein and efficient feed conversion, contributing to food security and economic diversification. Nevertheless, studies incorporating feto-maternal monitoring in this species are uncommon. This review gathers research on the monitoring and evaluation of factors affecting rabbit gestation, providing a better understanding of the causes of prenatal development abnormalities. These include studies regarding how chronic maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, maternal stress, ectopic gestation, maternal uterine ischemia and fetal hypoxia, intrauterine growth restriction, superfetation, maternal age, maternal nutritional status, maternal physical condition, maternal and embryonic genotype, and the intrauterine location of rabbit fetuses can potentially impact rabbits’ reproduction and maternal and fetal health. Among other monitoring techniques, ultrasonography, considered one of the best tools for diagnosing pregnancy and conducting follow-up, is also reviewed. Details on measurable fetal-development parameters in rabbits and precautions to be considered before and during the examination are also provided. Additional studies are required to understand why some events occur and their consequences throughout gestation, allowing the determination of new biomarkers or cut-offs that can be helpful for early diagnosis and improve reproductive efficiency.
Posterior Reversible Encephalopathy Syndrome in a Hospitalized Pregnant Woman with SARS-CoV-2 Infection: A Case Report; During pregnancy, SARS-CoV-2 infection (COVID-19) can be complicated, and the mother and neonate’s prognosis is not fully documented. We are presenting the case of a 33-week pregnant patient with confirmed COVID-19 who developed encephalopathy. During the disease and hospitalization in a critical care setting, an emergency C-section was performed with general anesthesia in the ICU due to acidosis and maternal-fetal instability. The baby boy was delivered with an APGAR score of 8, showing no obvious anomalies, and was subsequently intubated. Eight days later, brain imaging revealed posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome. The mother received treatment and was discharged without further complications. At the final follow-up six months after discharge, the patient’s MRI showed laminar necrosis in the two occipitoparietal cortex areas. However, she remained symptom-free and did not report any complications. We also discussed the possible reasons for these findings and their relationship to the infection.
Commentary on “Brain Injury During Transition in the Newborn With Congenital Heart Disease: Hazards of the Preoperative Period”; Brain Injury During Transition in the Newborn With Congenital Heart Disease: Hazards of the Preoperative Period: Jennifer M. Lynch, J. William Gaynor, Daniel J. Licht Seminars in Pediatric Neurology Volume 28, December 2018, Pages 60–65 Infants born with critical congenital heart disease are at risk for neurodevelopmental morbidities later in life. In-utero differences in fetal circulation lead to vulnerabilities which lead to an increased incidence of stroke, white matter injury, and brain immaturity. Recent work has shown these infants may be most vulnerable to brain injury during the early neonatal period when they are awaiting their cardiac surgeries. Novel imaging and monitoring modalities are being employed to investigate this crucial time period and elucidate the precise timing and cause of brain injury in this population.
Sterile inflammation and the NLRP3 inflammasome in cardiometabolic disease; Inflammation plays an important role in the pathophysiology of cardiometabolic diseases. Sterile inflammation, a non-infectious and damage-associated molecular pattern (DAMP)-induced innate response, is now well-established to be closely associated with development and progression of cardiometabolic diseases. The NOD-like receptor (NLR) family pyrin domain-containing 3 (NLRP3) inflammasome is well-established as a major player in sterile inflammatory responses. It is a multimeric cytosolic protein complex which regulates the activation of caspase-1 and subsequently promotes cleavage and release of interleukin (IL)-1 family cytokines, which have a deleterious impact on the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Therefore, targeting NLRP3 itself or the downstream consequences of NLRP3 activation represent excellent potential therapeutic targets in inflammatory cardiometabolic diseases. Here, we review our current understanding of the role which NLRP3 inflammasome regulation plays in cardiometabolic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH), atherosclerosis, ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy. Finally, we highlight the potential of targeting NLPR3 or related signaling molecules as a therapeutic approach.
NEW HEART BLOCK AND FAILURE: A CASE OF ISOLATED CARDIAC SARCOIDOSIS; SESSION TITLE: Cardiovascular Disease Case Report Posters 3 SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Cardiac sarcoidosis is a rare inflammatory disorder characterized by the development of noncaseating granulomas within the myocardium. The clinical presentation could range from florid heart failure to conduction abnormalities including ventricular arrhythmias. CASE PRESENTATION: A 37-year-old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity with a body mass index of 36, recent pregnancy, and childbirth 3 months prior, presented with chest pain and shortness of breath, intermittent and worsening in the past 2-3 days. Her vitals on presentation revealed blood pressure of 177/77 mm Hg, heart rate of 109/min, afebrile, saturating 98% on room air. On examination, her chest was clear to auscultation, with normal S1, S2, and no S3 or murmurs, abdomen was soft and nontender, with no pedal edema. An EKG showed a new right and left bundle-branch block, with Mobitz type 2 heart block, and no other ischemic changes. Troponin levels were elevated at 4784 ng/L, with a brain natriuretic peptide of 150 pg/mL. She underwent emergent coronary angiography, which revealed no evidence of coronary artery disease. A transvenous pacemaker was placed. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed severely decreased left ventricular ejection fraction at 25-30%, global hypokinesis of the left ventricle, grade 2 left ventricular diastolic dysfunction, concentric left ventricular hypertrophy with speckled pattern of the spectrum, and severely reduced strain at -7.7% involving the septum with apical sparing, which were concerning for infiltrative processes. Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging showed an improved ejection fraction of 40%, patchy diffuse mid-wall delayed hyperenhancement, concerning for sarcoidosis, and the patient was started on steroids. Computed tomography of the chest was not typical for pulmonary sarcoidosis. The patient's antigens including enzyme activity, vitamin-D levels were within normal limits, and remaining studies including antinuclear antibody, Anca, cryoglobulins, Sjogren antibody, scleroderma, anticentromere antibody, rheumatoid factor, free kappa, and lambda chains were all within normal limits. The patient underwent biventricular implanted cardioverter-defibrillator. The patient was eventually discharged from the hospital on goal-directed medical therapy and follow up. DISCUSSION: The goal of management includes monitoring disease progression through serial echocardiography, advanced imaging, managing atrioventricular blocks and arrhythmias, and early consideration of the placement of an implantable cardioverted defibrillator (ICD) in high-risk patients. [1] In fact, the 2017 American heart association guidelines recommend ICD placement of a cast on recommendation for patients with sustained ventricular tachycardia and a ventricular ejection fraction of less than 35%. [2] CONCLUSIONS: Effective management of cardiac sarcoidosis requires a multidisciplinary team approach to ensure optimal patient outcomes. REFERENCE #1: Birnie DH, Kandolin R, Nery PB. Sarcoidosis and the heart: A review of the literature. Can J Cardiol. 2013;29(10):1131-9. doi: 10.1016/j.cjca.2013.05.008. PMID: 23849633. REFERENCE #2: Kusumoto FM, Calkins H, Boehmer J, et al. HRS/AHA/ACC Expert Consensus Statement on the Diagnosis and Management of Arrhythmias Associated With Cardiac Sarcoidosis: Executive Summary. J Am Coll Cardiol. 2017;69(1):87-106. doi: 10.1016/j.jacc.2016.10.026. PMID: 27908533. REFERENCE #3: Judson MA. The clinical features of sarcoidosis: a comprehensive review. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2015;49(1):63-78. doi: 10.1007/s12016-014-8459-8. PMID: 24965775. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Rimsha Ali No relevant relationships by Khaldoon Aljassani No relevant relationships by Taaha Mirza No relevant relationships by Navitha Ramesh No relevant relationships by Benjamin Ravichander No relevant relationships by Lillian Sangha No relevant relationships by Bosky Soni
A CASE OF POSTPARTUM MULTIVESSEL SPONTANEOUS CORONARY ARTERY DISSECTION IN A MULTIPAROUS HEALTHY FEMALE; SESSION TITLE: Cardiovascular Disease: It's all About the Tubes! SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Case Reports PRESENTED ON: 10/11/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) in pregnancy or postpartum state is a rare phenomenon with risk factors and management considerations that differ from SCAD in the non‐pregnant population (1). CASE PRESENTATION: A 35-year-old Haitian female with 3 uncomplicated prior pregnancies and a past medical history of gestational diabetes presented to the emergency room at 7 days postpartum with 30 minutes of severe chest pain and left arm weakness. Patient denied any prior cardiac history, connective tissue disease or illicit substance use. Vital signs were notable for blood pressure of 160/90mmHg in both upper extremities and heart rate 87beats/min. Initial electrocardiogram (EKG) displayed ST elevation in antero-lateral and inferior leads (II, III, aVF and V3-V6), and ST depression in leads I and aVL. High-sensitivity troponin was elevated with a peak of 5,440 ng/L. The patient was loaded with aspirin, started on nitroglycerin infusion and treated empirically for postpartum pre-eclampsia with intravenous magnesium. She underwent emergent cardiac catheterization that displayed SCAD of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) artery (about 1.5 cm distal to the left main) to distal end. Right coronary artery was widely patent, but there was concomitant dissection of the small branch of the posterior descending artery (PDA). Echocardiogram was performed showing a left-ventricular ejection fraction estimated at 38% and apical hypokinesis. Patient was subsequently transferred to the cardiac care unit and a repeat EKG showed largely resolved ST elevations. At that point, patient denied ongoing chest pain. On the following day, cardiothoracic surgery and interventional cardiology extensively discussed the case and concluded that the risks of any surgical intervention outweighed its benefits at that time, given extremely friable tissue in the post-partum settings. Investigation for underlying risk factors was largely negative and patient was managed with β blocker, angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor, aldosterone receptor antagonist and aspirin. She was eventually discharged home 7 days later with outpatient cardiology follow up. DISCUSSION: SCAD is a potential complication of pregnancy associated with high-mortality rates (38%–50%) and complex cardiac presentations, such as multivessel disease (1). The predisposing factors are usually hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, connective tissue diseases, and fibromuscular dysplasia. Interestingly, as seen in this case, multiparity has recently been described as a potential association. Estrogen and progesterone exposure during subsequent pregnancies is thought to be responsible for structural changes in the tunica media of the coronary arteries. The combination of this anatomic disruption with pregnancy-related physiologic changes, such as increased cardiac output, could precipitate the event (2). Regarding treatment, non-surgical approach is the safest strategy to manage this population. As exemplified by this patient's LAD and PDA concomitant dissection, anatomical and clinical presentation in peripartum seems to be more complex than in general SCAD, which can result in sinister surgical outcomes (3). CONCLUSIONS: SCAD is a potentially catastrophic complication of pregnancy with challenging cardiac management. We reported a case of postpartum SCAD in a patient with no prior risk factors that received non-surgical management and survived the hospitalization. REFERENCE #1: Tweet MS, Hayes SN, Pitta SR, Simari RD, Lerman A, Lennon RJ, Gersh BJ, Khambatta S, Best PJ, Rihal CS, Gulati R. Clinical features, management, and prognosis of spontaneous coronary artery dissection.Circulation. 2012; 126:579–588. REFERENCE #2: Vijayaraghavan R, Verma S, Gupta N, Saw J. Pregnancy-related spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Circulation. 2014;130(21):1915-20. REFERENCE #3: Ito H, Taylor L, Bowman M, Fry ET, Hermiller JB, Van Tassel JW. Presentation and therapy of spontaneous coronary artery dissection and comparisons of postpartum versus nonpostpartum cases.Am J Cardiol. 2011; 107:1590–1596. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Ricaurte Crespo Trevino No relevant relationships by Rokas Liubauskas No relevant relationships by Lola Ojutalayo No relevant relationships by Ariane Paz y Mino No relevant relationships by Beatriz Rizkallah Alves
DR; SESSION TITLE: Allergy and Airway Case Report Posters SESSION TYPE: Case Report Posters PRESENTED ON: 10/09/2023 12:00 pm - 12:45 pm INTRODUCTION: The anti-thymic stromal lymphopoietin (TSLP) monoclonal antibody tezepelumab is a novel biologic therapy targeting upstream regulation of the Th2 pathway and is currently FDA approved for the add-on treatment of patients with severe asthma. To our knowledge, this is the first case of a patient started on tezepelumab during pregnancy. CASE PRESENTATION: A 36 year-old female with gestational diabetes (GDM) and congenital absence of the left lung and associated congenital heart disease presented to our pulmonary clinic at 28 weeks pregnant. She had been diagnosed with asthma in childhood and was on baseline treatment with a combination of theophylline, inhaled high dose fluticasone/salmeterol, as well as nebulized budesonide and up to three times daily as needed nebulized albuterol. Despite this therapy, she required prednisone approximately four times per year for the last five years for asthma exacerbations. She had previously been treated with a trial of dupilumab with no significant effect on annualized exacerbation rate. Prior to establishing in our clinic she had been started on tezepelumab at 20 weeks into her pregnancy due to poorly controlled asthma. In the eight weeks after starting tezepelumab she did not have an exacerbation of her asthma and had significantly reduced nebulizer usage. The patient gave birth at 33 weeks, 2 days by emergency C-section as a result of concern for preterm labor and history of prior C-section and known placenta accreta. Intraoperatively, her cardiopulmonary mechanics were preserved but she had significant blood loss requiring multiple blood products. She gave birth to a preterm infant at 4 pounds and 4 ounces with good tone and no obvious congenital anomalies, but immature thermoregulation and feeding requiring dextrose containing IV fluids and with irregular respirations requiring non invasive ventilatory support and care in the NICU. DISCUSSION: Tezepelumab is an IgG molecule which theoretically can cross the placental barrier so maternal/fetal outcomes should be monitored. Women with long-standing asthma are at increased risk for complications during pregnancy, believed to be secondary to maternal hypoxia and inflammation. We hypothesize that biologics would offer a protective effect in asthma by decreasing inflammation, and thereby reducing maternal/fetal complications. There is insufficient data on biologics and their safety in pregnancy but as per a review by Shakuntulla et al. in 2022, several women stopped taking biologics during pregnancy due to the uncertainty of the effects of biologics on their fetuses. Given the high prevalence of asthma, more studies are necessary to evaluate the safety of biologics in pregnancy. CONCLUSIONS: This patient with a complicated medical history was started on tezepelumab for uncontrolled asthma during pregnancy and needed an emergent c-section most likely due to non-asthma related factors including GDM and placenta accreta. There is no evidence of complications due to tezepelumab use during pregnancy, with the caveat that the drug was also started when the patient was 20 weeks pregnant, well after organogenesis. More data is needed to better understand the effects of tezepelumab in pregnancy. Reference #1: Shakuntulla F, Chiarella SE. Safety of Biologics for Atopic Diseases During Pregnancy. J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract. 2022 Dec;10(12):3149-3155. DISCLOSURES: Advisory Committee Member relationship with regeneron/Sanofi Please note: 6/01/22-present Added 03/31/2023 by Lauren Eggert, source=Web Response, value=Consulting fee No relevant relationships by Landy Luna diaz No relevant relationships by Aishwarya Yenepalli
VARIOUS COMBINATIONS OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND GESTATIONAL HYPERTENSION IN TWO PREGNANCIES AND ASSOCIATIONS WITH CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GHTN) are established cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators, but the nuances of patterns across pregnancies are uncertain. The current evidence forces ‘ever GDM/never GDM’ and ‘ever GH/never GH’ dichotomies when incorporating these into CVD risk assessment; however, it is unclear whether CVD risk increases with GDM/GHTN recurrence, with first time occurrence in a second pregnancy, or with first pregnancy occurrence followed by second pregnancy absence. We are examining GDM/GHTN history across two singleton pregnancies in relationship to the development of CVD. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used Quebec healthcare administrative and vital statistics data for this retrospective cohort study. We considered women without prior CVD who had two singleton deliveries between 1990-2012 and defined 16 patterns of GDM/GHTN combinations across two pregnancies. The outcome was a CVD composite of myocardial infarction, stroke, and angina requiring hospitalization or resulting in death. We followed women from 12 weeks after the second delivery until the first of this outcome, death, or end of the study period (2019). We constructed Cox models to assess CVD hazard ratios of women with various GDM/GHTN combinations versus those without GDM and GHTN. In separate analyses, we recategorized GDM/GHTN as cumulative occurrence (zero, one, two, or three or more) across two pregnancies. Confidentiality rules in Quebec require rounded values for frequency measures with rounding at the unit level only at time of submission for final publication. We present here approximate values for frequencies and overall trends observed and wish to provide all 16 specific hazard ratios during the presentation. Among over 430,000 mothers, more than 4,000 CVD events occurred during the 18-year median follow-up period. The highest hazards for CVD occurred in those with both GDM and GH in both pregnancies, with a hazard ratio of greater than 4. Various combinations of 3 diagnoses of GDM and/or GH across two pregnancies were associated with hazard ratios that ranged between 2.5-3.8. With two diagnoses of GDM and/or GH, there was an approximately a 2-fold increase in CVD hazards. With a single diagnosis of GDM or GH, the increase in hazards ranged between 40-60%. CONCLUSION: Our findings indicate that the cumulative number of GDM and GH diagnoses across two singleton pregnancies can be used to provide more precise estimates of CVD hazards than simple dichotomies of ever/never GDM and ever/never GH; this must stimulate attentive surveillance and CVD prevention efforts by health care providers, mothers, and health systems. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
META ANALYSIS OF RISK FACTORS OF FETAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE IN MATERNAL OBESITY AND DIABETES; BACKGROUND: The causes of congenital heart disease (CHD) are intertwined, multifactorial and often elusive. There are many studies on prenatal risk factors for CHD, but the level of evidence on the quantitative effects of many of them is often low. There is no comprehensive systematic review of all prenatal CHD risk factors. Our objective is to perform a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis for all CHD risk factors. This abstract reports CHD risk in the presence of maternal diabetes and obesity. METHODS AND RESULTS: PRISMA guidelines were used. A comprehensive search strategy encompassing the concepts of CHD and risk factors was used on PubMed, MEDLINE and Scopus databases. We retrieved 4862 records and screened them for the following inclusion criteria: (1) original peer-reviewed articles (2) quantifying the effects of risk factors for CHD, (3) published between 1989 and 2022. Meta-analyses with fixed and random effects models were performed. Pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) are reported. There were 27, 25 and 24 articles that met criteria for inclusion in meta-analyses of obesity, pre-gestational diabetes (PGDB) and gestational diabetes (GDB), respectively. There was an association between being overweight/obese and CHD (OR 1.32; 95%CI 1.16-1.50). We observed a dose-effect relationship, with ORs for being overweight, obese and morbidly obese being respectively 1.06 (95%CI 1.02-1.10), 1.17 (95%CI 1.12-1.23) and 1.43 (95%CI 1.35-1.53). PGDB was associated with CHD with an OR of 3.51 [95%CI 2.86-4.3]. Odds ratio between type I (OR 3.45; 95%CI 2.28-5.22) and type II (OR 2.88; 95%CI 1.58-5.26) diabetes were similar. Significant heterogeneity was observed (I2 = 85%, p = 0.0001), likely in part due to variations in measures of exposition. The effect size of GDB was less than PGDB (OR 1.27; 95%CI 1.06-1.53). Some studies reported a dose-effect relationship between HgA1C and CHD risk, but insufficient data existed for a meta-analysis. CONCLUSION: Pre-gestational diabetes is strongly and consistently associated with CHD risk. Further studies are necessary to assess whether glycemic control decreases the risk of CHD. The association of gestational diabetes and obesity with CHD was weaker, although there was a dose-response pattern with severity of obesity. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
RECOGNIZING THE RISKS TO WOMEN FOR CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE: AN INITIATIVE IN THE CARDIAC IMAGING PROGRAM; BACKGROUND: Recent studies have shown non-traditional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors to include some of the following: premature menopause, pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, and autoimmune disease. Most Canadian women have at least one risk factor for CVD, yet despite public awareness, there is still significant knowledge gaps among Canadian women about these risks. The University of Ottawa Heart Institute (UOHI) Cardiac Imaging Department nursing staff participated in the Women’s Heart Health Education Day held by the institute in the fall of 2022 to better equip and understand the CVD risks posed to women. Recognizing these risks, the nursing staff sought to develop an initiative to better assess the CVD risk factors for female patients (and those assigned the female sex at birth), and to increase their awareness. Purpose: Improving the nursing assessment and education of female-specific cardiovascular risk factors in the Cardiac Imaging department. METHODS AND RESULTS: The nursing staff completed a literature review of assessment tools for cardiovascular risk factors and conducted an environmental scan to evaluate the current standard of practice for assessment and education of patients undergoing a cardiac Computerized Tomography (CT) procedure. The nursing staff also conducted a focus group with patient partners. The initiative was presented, and the patients were given the opportunity to provide qualitative feedback. The literature review and environmental scan yielded limited assessment tools and education resources of risk factors for female patients undergoing a cardiac CT. Therefore, the nursing staff, in collaboration with institutional experts on women heart health developed a more comprehensive assessment tool for assessing female specific risk factors for patients undergoing a cardiac CT. A resource tool for educating the patients and raising awareness was developed. To assess the effectiveness of the intervention, a survey was developed to assess the patients’ satisfaction and confidence level to discuss their specific risk factors with the primary care provider, after receiving the education from the nurse at cardiac CT. Focus group qualitative data was analyzed by the nursing staff, and two themes were interpreted: “Knowledge is power” and “Optimizing the questions” (Table 1). CONCLUSION: The nursing staff adapted the initiative to the patient’s feedback from the focus group. These changes included edits to the assessment and survey questions to further improve the nursing assessment of staff in CT area (Figure 1). The nursing staff is now implementing this initiative with the goal of empowering female patients through education and better understanding of their cardiovascular health. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
THE RISK OF PERINATAL CARDIOVASCULAR COMPLICATIONS IN PREGNANCIES CONCEIVED BY ASSISTED REPRODUCTIVE TECHNOLOGY; OBJECTIVE: To examine the impact of fertility treatment on the risk of developing cardiovascular complications during pregnancy, in-hospital deliveries, and the early postpartum period. MATERIALS AND METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using medical health records from deliveries at women’s health clinic in the southern state in the Unites States from 2017 until mid-2022. Pregnancies achieved using assisted reproductive technology (ART) were compared with unassisted pregnancies using propensity score matching, based on demographic, preexisting health, and reproductive factors. The study outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, delivery complications (e.g., placental abruption), cesarean delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and postpartum readmission. We used logistic regression to generate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for all study outcomes. RESULTS: Among 45,228 deliveries, 476 (1.06%) pregnancies were achieved using ART and 44,752 (98.94%) were unassisted pregnancies. ART pregnancies had greater prevalence of pre-existing chronic hypertension (11.3% vs. 8.4%, p<0.05) while non-assisted pregnancies had greater incidence of obesity (30.3% vs. 24.4%, p< 0.01) and pulmonary disease (11.8% vs 8.8%, p<0.05). ART pregnancies had significantly higher prevalence of gestational diabetes (17.4% vs. 11.6% p< 0.001), preeclampsia (10.3% vs. 6.0%, p< 0.001), cesarean delivery (56.5% vs. 34.5%, p< 0.001), and hemorrhage (19.5% vs. 8.7%, p< 0.001). In a propensity score matched sample of 405 ART and 1,069 unassisted pregnancies, fertility treatment was associated with increased risk of cesarean delivery (OR=1.33, 95% CI=1.03; 1.72) and postpartum hemorrhage (OR=1.53, 95% CI=1.08-2.16) but not other outcomes (see Table 1). CONCLUSIONS: Women who conceived with ART were at increased risk of cesarean deliveries and postpartum hemorrhage, but not other perinatal cardiovascular complications included in this study. Further studies are required to examine these associations by fertility treatment type (e.g., invasive vs. non-invasive treatments). IMPACT STATEMENT: The observed higher risk of some pregnancy complications appeared to be due to characteristics of the population receiving ART, rather than a consequence of the treatment. Perinatal cardiovascular health optimization could be achieved through early risk stratification, preconception counseling, and lifestyle changes prior to and during pregnancies. SUPPORT: n/a
PREGNANCY AND DELIVERY OUTCOMES AFTER ABDOMINAL MYOMECTOMY (AM) VS LAPAROSCOPIC MYOMECTOMY (LM): AN EVALUATION OF AN AMERICAN POPULATION DATABASE; OBJECTIVE: Women who undergo LM and AM are different populations, with dissimilar risk factors and unlike pregnancy outcomes related to these inherent differences combined with the uniqueness of these two surgeries. The aim was to compare the populations and the obstetrical complications after AM & LM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective cohort study with inclusion of all women who delivered after an AM or LM, from 2004 to 2014 inclusively using the HCUP database with data from 49 States and the District of Columbia, representing 20% of annual hospital admissions in the United States. A multivariate analysis was performed to adjust for potential cofounders. RESULTS: The rate of delivery after LM has decreased significantly while the rate after AM has increased during the study period (P<0.001). The AM group (N=13,868) was characterized by younger patients, lower rates of chronic hypertension (cHTN), and pregestational diabetes when compared to the LM group (N=338) (p<0.001, all). The LM group had lower rates of previous cesarean delivery (CD), multiple gestations, and higher rates of white patients, tobacco smoking, and illicit drug use (p<0.001, all). Pregnant women with LM as compared to AM had decreased rates of pregnancy-induced HTN [adjusted odd ratios (aOR) 0,067, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0,024-0,19], gestational HTN (aOR 0,13, 95%CI 0,02-0,93), preeclampsia (PE) (aOR 0,14, 95%CI 0,04-0,59), and PE or eclampsia superimposed on cHTN (aOR 0,02, 95%CI 0,002-0,18), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (aOR 0,11, 95%CI 0,26-0,44), preterm delivery (aOR 0,38, 95%CI 0,19-0,77), CD (aOR 0,004, 95%CI 0,003-0,007), and small for gestational age deliveries (aOR 0,19, 95%CI 0,13-0,7). The LM group had a higher rate of spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR 44,89, 95%CI 28,95-69,61), operative vaginal deliveries (aOR 11,3, 95%CI 7,88-16,19), uterine rupture (aOR 9,97, 95%CI 2,61-38,08), postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) (aOR 6,52, 95%CI 3,96-10,74), hysterectomy (aOR 29,73, 95%CI 13,62-64,91), transfusion (aOR 6,78, 95%CI 4,34-10,57), venous thromboembolism (aOR 9,7, 95% CI 1,93-48,7), disseminated intravascular coagulation (aOR 4,58, 95% CI 1,52-13,82) and maternal death, (aOR 132,3, 95%CI 4,84-3616,5). There were no statistical differences for rates of placentas praevia, abruptio placentae, and maternal infections. CONCLUSIONS: Women who had AM have underlying risk factors for HTN disorders of pregnancy and GDM. Women who underwent LM have higher risks of PPH, uterine rupture, resultant complications, and death. IMPACT STATEMENT: Following AM, patients should be given medications to lower the risks of pre-eclampsia and early GDM screening. Although many women post-LM undergo vaginal delivery, consideration should be given to better patient selection to prevent uterine rupture or PPH and increased postpartum use of uterotonics. Causes of hemorrhage and resultant complications in LM should be studied, which may be related to inherent difficulties in uterine contractions, or undetected uterine ruptures. SUPPORT: none
Reproductive risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death for women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight - affecting up to 30% of pregnant women - increase the risk of CVD. Early menarche and polycystic ovary syndrome are implicated. Premature and early menopause and significant vasomotor symptoms are all associated. Including reproductive risk assessment is critical when determining CVD risk and implementing evidence-based prevention strategies.
A systematic review of the reporting of resistance training characteristics in studies of pregnant women; Introduction: Exercise during pregnancy is associated with a variety of health benefits including reduced risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, obstetric intervention, and faster post-partum recovery. Current exercise during pregnancy guidelines recommend 150-300 minutes of moderate intensity exercise per week. Within these guidelines, explicit aerobic exercise advice is given (eg. frequency, intensity, type) to appropriately guide pregnant women. In contrast, resistance training guidance is limited to frequency, with no detail on necessary characteristics of resistance training prescription (eg. external load, repetitions, rest breaks). This lack of detail may be related to the lack of empirical evidence to guide recommendations. Therefore, the purpose of this systematic review was to bring together the evidence on resistance training during pregnancy for critical review to identify resistance training characteristics and their reporting frequency, and explore variability among these reported characteristics. Methods: A systematic review (PROSPERO: CRD42022338297) following PRISMA guidelines was conducted. Five databases were searched from inception to 2023. Original research papers reporting any resistance training intervention (standalone or concurrent) during pregnancy were included. Study quality was assessed using the Effective Public Health Practice Project Quality Assessment Tool for Quantitative Studies. Results: Sixty-six papers were included in this review. Frequency of resistance training was reported by 97% (n = 64) of papers, with the most common frequency of training three (45%, n = 30) sessions (range 1-21) per week. Exercise intensity was reported in 61% of papers (n = 40), with ‘moderate’ intensity the most frequently reported (47%, n = 31). Internal intensity was measured using rating of perceived exertion (30%, n = 20), maternal heart rate (12%, n = 8), or both (18%, n = 12). Over one third of papers did not specify internal intensity (39% n = 26). External load was reported by 71% (n = 47) of papers; however, only 12% (n = 8) specified actual weight (0.45-7kg), and one paper specified percentage of 1RM. Over two thirds of papers reported session duration (73%, n = 48), with the most frequent duration being 25 (19%, n = 13) minutes (range 3-70). Similarly, type of resistance training (e.g. machine, resistance band, bodyweight) was reported in 74% (n = 49) of papers, with bodyweight the most frequent type (36%, n = 24). However, 38% of these did not report the actual movements being performed. Sets and repetitions were reported in 71% (n = 47) of papers, and rest durations were reported in only 44% (n = 29) of papers. Quality of evidence ranged from weak (45%, n = 30) to strong (15%, n = 10). Discussion: This systematic review shows that frequency, intensity, and duration were consistently reported, however, there was considerable variability in the level of detail in reporting as well as variability among the resistance training prescriptions. Resistance training modes, specific movements performed, external loads, sets, repetitions, and rest breaks were poorly reported. This lack of detailed reporting makes study replication difficult and results in insufficient evidence to guide resistance training among pregnant women. Impact/Application to the field: This study is a call to action for improved reporting of resistance training in research among pregnant women to provide the necessary evidence-base to build more detailed guidelines from. Declaration: My co-authors and I acknowledge that we have no conflict of interest of relevance to the submission of this abstract.
Postpartum haemorrhage occurring in UK midwifery units: A national population-based case-control study to investigate incidence, risk factors and outcomes; Objectives To estimate the incidence of, and investigate risk factors for, postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in midwifery units (MU) in the UK; to describe outcomes for women who experience PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care. Methods We conducted a national population-based case-control study in all MUs in the UK using the UK Midwifery Study System (UKMidSS). Between September 2019 and February 2020, 1501 women with PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in an MU, and 1475 control women were identified. We used multivariable logistic regression, generating adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to investigate risk factors for PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care. Results The incidence of PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care following birth in an MU was 3.7% (95% CI 3.6%-3.9%). Factors independently associated with PPH requiring transfer to obstetric care were smoking during pregnancy (aOR = 0.73; 95% CI 0.56–0.94), nulliparity (aOR = 1.96; 95% CI 1.66–2.30), previous PPH (aOR = 2.67; 95% CI 1.67–4.25), complications in a previous pregnancy other than PPH (aOR = 2.40; 95% CI 1.25–4.60), gestational age ≥41 weeks (aOR = 1.36; 95% CI 1.10–1.69), instrumental birth (aOR = 2.69; 95% CI 1.53–4.72), third stage of labour ≥60 minutes (aOR = 5.56; 95% CI 3.93–7.88), perineal trauma (aOR = 4.67; 95% CI 3.16–6.90), and birthweight 3500-3999g (aOR = 1.71; 95% CI 1.42–2.07) or ≥4000g (aOR = 2.31; 95% CI 1.78–3.00). One in ten (10.6%) cases received a blood transfusion and one in five (21.0%) were admitted to higher level care. Conclusions The risk factors identified in this study align with those identified in previous research and with current guidelines for women planning birth in an MU in the UK. Maternal outcomes after PPH were broadly reassuring and indicative of appropriate management. NHS organisations should ensure that robust guidelines are in place to support management of PPH in MUs.
Subfertility versus ART: unraveling the origins of fetal cardiac programming; STUDY QUESTION: Do spontaneously conceived (SC) fetuses from subfertile couples show the same signs of cardiac remodeling as those observed after IVF treatments? SUMMARY ANSWER: As opposed to fetuses from IVF, SC fetuses from subfertile couples do not show cardiac remodeling and present a similar cardiac structure and function to those of SC fetuses from fertile couples. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Subjects conceived by IVF present signs of cardiac remodeling and suboptimal function in utero and during childhood, including larger atria, more globular and thicker ventricles, reduced longitudinal motion, and impaired relaxation as compared to SC individuals from fertile couples. There are no previous publications investigating the independent cardiac programming effects of infertility in SC fetuses from subfertile couples (with time-to-pregnancy (TTP) over 12 months). STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A prospective cohort study of 289 singleton pregnancies exposed and not exposed to subfertility recruited from 2019 to 2021, including 96 SC pregnancies from fertile couples (TTP under 12 months), 97 SC from subfertile couples (TTP over 12 months), and 96 from IVF after fresh embryo transfer. Fetal echocardiography was performed in all pregnancies. Epidemiological data and perinatal outcomes were collected in all pregnancies. The overall attrition rate was 15.7%. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: SC from subfertile couples and IVF pregnancies were identified as eligible at pregnancy diagnosis, and eligible SC pregnancies from fertile couples who attended our maternal-fetal unit were invited to participate at third trimester, being matched to the other groups by maternal age. Fetal echocardiography was performed at 29-34 weeks of pregnancy to assess cardiac structure and function, and results were adjusted by parental age, maternal smoking status, child's birth order, birthweight centile, gestational age, and estimated fetal weight at scan. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Parental age, ethnicity, BMI, and smoking exposure, median gestational age and estimated fetal weight were similar in all study groups. There were no significant differences in infertility duration or etiology between the subfertile and the IVF populations (TTP: subfertile median 35 months (interquartile range 20-48) versus IVF: 47 (25-61); P-value = 0.051). While both fertile and subfertile SC groups presented similar fetal cardiac results, IVF fetuses showed larger atria (right atria-to-heart ratio: IVF mean 18.9% (SD 3.4) versus subfertile 17.8% (3.5) versus fertile 17.6% (3.3); adjusted P-value < 0.001), more globular ventricles (right ventricular sphericity index: IVF 1.56 (0.25) versus subfertile 1.72 (0.26) versus fertile 1.72 (0.26); <0.001), and thicker myocardial walls (relative wall thickness: IVF 0.86 (0.22) versus subfertile 0.64 (0.13) versus fertile 0.64 (0.18); <0.001). Whereas SC fetuses from fertile and subfertile couples had preserved cardiac function, IVF fetuses showed signs of suboptimal systolic and diastolic function, with reduced tricuspid ring displacement (IVF 7.26 mm (1.07) versus subfertile 8.04 mm (1.18) versus fertile 7.89 mm (1.51); <0.001) and increased left myocardial performance index (IVF 0.49 (0.08) versus subfertile 0.45 (0.09) versus fertile 0.45 (0.10); <0.001). A sub-analysis including only unexplained infertility cases in subfertile SC and IVF groups showed similar results. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: The fetal cardiac changes reported here are subclinical, and most of the cardiovascular parameters were within normal ranges. Although echocardiographic changes are recognized as potential cardiovascular risk factors, their association with long-term cardiovascular disease remains to be demonstrated. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Subfertility per se does not seem to be associated to fetal cardiac remodeling, which has been previously described in IVF fetuses. Future studies are warranted to further investigate other factors related to the observed fetal cardiac changes associated with ART.
Prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of neonatal thrombocytopenia in neonatal intensive care Units: a single center study; BacKGrOUnd: thrombocytopenia is a common hematological disorder seen in the neonatal period, especially in newborns admitted to the neonatal intensive care Unit (nicU). the clinical and laboratorial presentation is heterogeneous, with different underlying causes and risk factors. there are still few studies about some possible risk factors and their influence on the newborn’s clinical outcome. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence, risk factors and predictors of severity of thrombocytopenia in a level iii nicU. MetHOds: the present analysis was the retrospective study of newborns with thrombocytopenia (platelet count less than 150×109/L) admitted from January 1, 2008, to december 31, 2017. Patients included newborns admitted after the first 72 hours of life and those with thrombocytopenia related to surgical intervention were excluded. resULts: Out of 187 neonates with thrombocytopenia, a total of 134 neonates were included in the study, corresponding to a prevalence of 3.3%. One hundred fourteen (85%) neonates had an early onset presentation (eOt), and 20 (15%) neonates had a late onset presentation (LOt); 68 (50.7%) neonates had severe and 66 (49.3%) had non-severe thrombocytopenia. Sepsis was identified as an independent predictor of LOT. Sepsis by gram-negative bacteria was identified as an independent predictor for severe thrombocytopenia. CONCLUSIONS: Identification of risk factors, early diagnosis and treatment of the underlying causes are crucial for a better approach of neonatal thrombocytopenia. a strong association between sepsis and sepsis by gram-negative bacteria with LOt and severe thrombocytopenia, respectively, enhances the importance of nosocomial sepsis control in nicU.
ASSOCIATION OF SERUM LACTATE DEHYDROGENASE AND GAMMA-GLUTAMYL TRANSFERASE WITH PRE-ECLAMPSIA; Objectives: Pre-eclampsia produces potentially lethal complications including placental abruption, hepatic failure, acute renal failure, and cardiovascular collapse. The present study was planned to find the association between serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT) with pre-eclampsia and compare it with normal healthy control. Methods: This hospital-based case–control study was conducted in the biochemistry department in collaboration with the Department of Gynaecology, Sardar Patel Medical College, Bikaner (Raj). 50 subjects to find whether there are any changes in the levels of serum LDH and GGT in pre-eclamptic patients (case group) compared to that of 50 normal pregnant women (control group). Results: The present study has shown statistically significant (p<0.001) increases in serum LDH levels and GGT in pre-eclamptic patients compared to control subjects. Conclusion: Serum LDH and GGT screening in early pregnancy may be helpful in predicting the occurrence of pre-eclampsia.
The Role of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Conventional Cardiovascular Risk Prediction; OBJECTIVE: Approximately one-third of women in the U.S. experience an adverse pregnancy outcome (APO), which are recognized as sex-specific cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. We examine if APOs confer additional CVD risk beyond that of traditional CVD risk factors. METHODS: Women, age 40-79, with a pregnancy history and no pre-existing CVD were identified in the electronic health record of one health system (n = 2306). APOs included any APO, hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP), and gestational diabetes (GDM). Hazard ratios of time to CVD event were estimated from survival models using Cox proportional hazard regression. Discrimination, calibration, and net reclassification of re-estimated CVD risk prediction models including APOs were examined. RESULTS: There was no significant association between any APO, HDP, or GDM and time to CVD outcome in survival models (95% confidence intervals all include 1). Including any APO, HDP, GDM in the CVD risk prediction model did not significantly improve discrimination and there were no clinically relevant changes in net reclassification of cases and non-cases. The strongest predictor of time to CVD event in the survival models was Black race, with hazard ratios ranging from 1.59 to 1.62, statistically significant for all three models. CONCLUSION: Women with APOs did not have an additional risk of CVD, controlling for traditional risk factors in the PCE and this sex-specific factor did not improve risk prediction. Black race was consistently a strong predictor of CVD even with data limitations. Further study of APOs can help determine how to best use this information for CVD prevention in women.
Trends in Term Intrapartum Stillbirth in Norway; Importance: Fetal death during labor at term is a complication that is rarely studied in high-income countries. There is a need for large population-based studies to examine the rate of term intrapartum stillbirth in high-income countries and the factors associated with its occurrence. Objective: To evaluate trends in term intrapartum stillbirth over time and to investigate the association between the trends and term intrapartum stillbirth risk factors from 1999 to 2018 in Norway. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study used data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway from 1999 to 2018 to examine rates of term intrapartum stillbirth and risk factors associated with this event. A population of 1021268 term singleton pregnancies without congenital anomalies or antepartum stillbirths was included in analyses, which were performed from September 2022 to February 2023. Exposure: The main exposure variable was time, which was divided into four 5-year periods: 1999 to 2003, 2004 to 2008, 2009 to 2013, and 2014 to 2018. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary study outcome was term intrapartum stillbirth. Risk ratios were calculated, and multivariable logistic regression analyses were conducted to identify factors associated with secular trends of term intrapartum stillbirth. Results: The study population consisted of 1021268 term singleton births (maternal mean [SD] age, 29.72 [5.01] years; mean [SD] gestational age, 39.69 [1.27] weeks). During the study period, there were 95 term intrapartum stillbirths (0.09 per 1000 births). Maternal age, the proportion of individuals born in a country other than Norway, and the prevalence of gestational diabetes, labor induction, operative vaginal delivery, and previous cesarean delivery increased over the course of the study period. Conversely, the prevalence of infants large for gestational age, hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, and spontaneous vaginal delivery and the proportion of individuals who smoked decreased. The term intrapartum stillbirth rate decreased by 87% (95% CI, 68%-95%) from 0.15 per 1000 births in 1999 to 2008 to 0.02 per 1000 births in 2014 to 2018. Three in 4 term intrapartum stillbirths (70 of 95) occurred during intrapartum operative deliveries. The increased prevalence of older maternal age and obstetric risk factors were not associated with the variation in intrapartum stillbirth rates among the time periods. The prevalence of term intrapartum stillbirth was higher for individuals who gave birth in maternity units with fewer than 3000 annual births (adjusted odds ratio, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.07-2.61) than for those who gave birth in units with 3000 or more annual births. Conclusions and Relevance: Findings of this study suggest that, despite increases in maternal and obstetric risk factors, term intrapartum stillbirth rates substantially decreased during the study period. Reasons for this decrease may be due to improvements in intrapartum care..
Incidence and Predictors of Mortality among Neonates Admitted for Congenital Heart Disease in Public Comprehensives Specialized Hospitals, Amhara Region, Ethiopia 2023; Background: Congenital heart disease is typically defined as a structural abnormality of the heart and great vessels present at birth. The incidence and mortality of congenital heart disease in neonates vary worldwide and it is the leading cause of birth defects, morbidity and mortality. Objective; to assess incidence and predictors of mortality among neonates admitted for congenital heart disease in public comprehensives specialized hospitals Amhara region, Ethiopia a Retrospective follow -up study 2023 Method; Institution-based retrospective follow-up study was conducted among 583 neonates with congenital heart disease admitted to Amhara region public comprehensive specialized hospitals from January 1st 2018 to December 30th , 2022. The study subjects was selected using simple random sampling techniques. Data were entered into EPI data version 4.6, then exported to STATA version 16. The log-rank test and Kaplan Meier failure curve was used to estimate and compare the probability of death. First bivariable then multivariable regression was done. After computing a hazard ratio with a 95% confidence interval, variables with a p-value of 0.05 or lower was considered to be significant predictors of mortality Results: Out of 583 congenital heart disease neonate 9.9% were developed death. The incidence rate of mortality among congenital heart disease neonates was 11.9% per 1000 with 4844 person-days of observation (95% CI;-0.009-0.015). In this study were found to be Sepsis(AHR:2.24(95%CI:-1.184.23),Cyanoticcongenital heart disease(AHR:3.49(95%CI:1.93-6.28), Home delivery(AHR:1.9(95%,CI:1.06-3.6), had maternal history of Gestational diabetes multiuse (AHR: 1.94 (95% CI 1.04-3.61). Neonates having another congenital malformations. (AHR 2.49(1.33-4.67). neonates have been Airway resuscitation needed during delivery (AHR: 0.43(95%CI: 0.18-0.98). were found to be a significant predictors of Congenital heart disease neonatal mortality. Conclusion and recommendation: The incidence rate of neonatal mortality among congenital heart disease neonate was high as compared to findings of other studies. sepsis, cyanotic congenital heart disease, home delivery, maternal history of gestational diabetes malts, others congenital malformation and Airway resuscitations needed during delivery were significant predictors of mortality for neonates with congenital heart disease. Hence, giving special attention to patients with identified predictors should be better
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as the initial presentation of mitochondrial disease in an infant born to a diabetic mother; In contrast to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy caused by maternal diabetes, neonatal mitochondrial cardiomyopathy is rare and has a poor prognosis. We report an infant born to a mother with maternal diabetes with persistent ventricular hypertrophy, who was diagnosed with mitochondrial disease associated with m.3243A>G mutation in a mitochondrial tRNA leucine 1 gene. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was his initial and only clinical presentation.
Maternal diabetes increases FOXO1 activation during embryonic cardiac development; Maternal diabetes is known to affect heart development, inducing the programming of cardiac alterations in the offspring's adult life. Previous studies in the heart of adult offspring have shown increased activation of FOXO1 (a transcription factor involved in a wide variety of cellular functions such as apoptosis, cellular proliferation, reactive oxygen species detoxification, and antioxidant and pro-inflammatory processes) and of target genes related to inflammatory and fibrotic processes. In this work, we aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal diabetes on FOXO1 activation as well as on the expression of target genes relevant to the formation of the cardiovascular system during organogenesis (day 12 of gestation). The embryonic heart from diabetic rats showed increased active FOXO1 levels, reduced protein levels of mTOR (a nutrient sensor regulating cell growth, proliferation and metabolism) and reduced mTORC2-SGK1 pathway, which phosphorylates FOXO1. These alterations were related to increases in the levels of 4-hydroxynonenal (an oxidative stress marker) and increased mRNA levels of inducible nitric oxide synthase, angiopoietin-2 and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP2) (all FOXO1 target genes relevant for cardiac development). Results also showed increased extracellular and intracellular immunolocalization of MMP2 in the myocardium and its projection into the lumen of the cavity (trabeculations) together with decreased immunostaining of connexin 43, a protein relevant for cardiac function that is target of MMP2. In conclusion, increases in active FOXO1 induced by maternal diabetes initiate early during embryonic heart development and are related to increases in markers of oxidative stress and of proinflammatory cardiac development, as well to an altered expression of proteolytic enzymes that regulate connexin 43. These alterations may lead to an altered programming of cardiovascular development in the embryonic heart of diabetic rats.
Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-Related Risk Factors: A Prospective Women’s Heart Clinic Study; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and having a small-for-gestational-age baby are known to substantially increase a woman’s risk of cardiovascular disease. Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate cardiovascular disease risk in women with these pregnancy-related conditions is lacking. METHODS AND RESULTS: A 6-month prospective cohort study assessed the effectiveness of a multidisciplinary Women’s Heart Clinic on blood pressure and lipid control in women aged 30 to 55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or a small-for-gestational age baby in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary end points were (1) blood pressure <140/90 mm Hg or <130/80 mm Hg if diabetes and (2) total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein cholesterol ratio <4.5. The study recruited 156 women with a mean age of 41.0±4.2 years, 3.9±2.9 years from last delivery, 68.6% White, 20.5% South/East Asian, and 80.5% university-educated. The proportion meeting blood pressure target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, P=0.004), with no significant change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, P=0.182). Systolic blood pressure (−6.9 mm Hg [95% CI, −9.1 to −4.7], P<0.001), body mass index (−0.6 kg/m2 [95% CI, −0.8 to −0.3], P<0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (−4.2 mg/dL [95% CI, −8.2 to −0.2], P=0.042), and total cholesterol (−4.6 mg/dL [95% CI, −9.1 to −0.2] P=0.042) reduced. Heart-healthy lifestyle significantly improved with increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, P=0.012), decreased fast food consumption (33.8% to 11.0%, P<0.001), and increased physical activity (84.0% to 92.9%, P=0.025). CONCLUSIONS: Women at high risk for cardiovascular disease due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors after attending a Women’s Heart Clinic, potentially improving long-term cardiovascular disease outcomes.
Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome in pregnancy: A case report; Scant literature is available regarding pregnancy outcomes in women with Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome, a rare obstructive lung disease. We present a case of a woman with this syndrome in pregnancy. Her baseline pulmonary function tests (PFT) demonstrated moderate airflow obstruction however she had excellent functional status and exercise tolerance. Her disease remained clinically stable in pregnancy. PFTs demonstrated slight worsening of her obstruction with forced expiratory volume in one second (FEV1). 59% and FEV1/FVC ratio 64%. She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes requiring metformin and insulin. Her labor and delivery was uncomplicated with vaginal delivery of a live male at term with no maternal respiratory complications. She did have a delayed postpartum hemorrhage requiring a D&C procedure. This case report demonstrates women with Swyer-James-MacLeod syndrome can have a successful pregnancy and need not avoid pregnancy if desired.
Expert Recommendations for Using Time-in-Range and Other Continuous Glucose Monitoring Metrics to Achieve Patient-Centered Glycemic Control in People With Diabetes; New metrics for assessing glycemic control beyond HbA1c have recently emerged due to the increasing use of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) in diabetes clinical practice. Among them, time in range (TIR) has appeared as a simple and intuitive metric that correlates inversely with HbA1c and has also been newly linked to the risk of long-term diabetes complications. The International Consensus on Time in Range established a series of target glucose ranges (TIR, time below range and time above range) and recommendations for time spent within these ranges for different diabetes populations. These parameters should be evaluated together with the ambulatory glucose profile (AGP). Using standardized visual reporting may help people with diabetes and healthcare professionals in the evaluation of glucose control in frequent clinical situations. The objective of the present review is to provide practical insights to quick interpretation of patient-centered metrics based on flash glucose monitoring data, as well as showing some visual examples of common clinical situations and giving practical recommendations for their management.
Vaginal delivery rate by near delivery sonographic weight estimation and maternal stature among nulliparous women; Background: We evaluated the risk for cesarean delivery among term nulliparous women, categorized by maternal stature and recent sonographic estimated fetal weight (EFW). Methods: A retrospective study including singleton deliveries of nulliparous women between 2011 and 2020, with sonographic EFW within 1 week of delivery. We categorized maternal height into five groups: ≤150, 151-155, 156-160, 161-165, and ≥166 cm. Fetal weight estimation was categorized into five groups as well: ≤2500 g, 2501-2999, 3000-3499, 3500-3999, and ≥4000 g. Results: Overall, 13 107 deliveries were included. The cesarean delivery rate was inversely correlated with maternal height, ranging from 41.0% in group 1 to 13.1% in group 5. The vaginal delivery rate ranged from 33.3% in maternal height group 1 with EFW of ≥4000 g to 85% in maternal height group 5 with EFW of ≤2500 g. In weight categories above 2500 g, maternal height correlated significantly with vaginal delivery rate, except in weight category ≥4000 g in which vaginal delivery rate ranged around 30% in maternal height categories 1-3 and increased significantly in groups 4-5 to 50-60%. In multivariable logistic regression analysis, EFW was independently associated with CD for EFW categories 3500-3999 and ≥4000 g [aOR 95% CI 1.49 (1.08-2.06) and 4.39 (2.97-6.50), respectively]. Maternal height was negatively associated with CD [aOR 95% CI 0.67 (0.64-0.70)] for each increase in maternal height group. Conclusions: Cesarean delivery rate was inversely correlated with maternal height, ranging from 41.0% among women ≤150 cm to 13.1% among women ≥166 cm. Maternal height and EFW of ≥3500 g are independently associated with CD rates among term nulliparous women.
Racial and Ethnic Disparities in U.S Children Undergoing Surgery for Congenital Heart Disease: A Narrative Literature Review; Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) is a significant source of pediatric morbidity and mortality. As in other fields of medicine, studies have demonstrated racial and ethnic disparities in congenital heart disease outcomes. The cause of these outcome disparities is multifactorial, involving biological, behavioral, environmental, sociocultural, and systemic medical factors. Potential contributors include differences in preoperative illness severity secondary to coexisting medical conditions, differences in the rate of prenatal and early postnatal detection of CHD, and delayed access to care, as well as discrepancies in socioeconomic and insurance status, and systemic disparities in hospital care. Understanding the factors that contribute to these disparities is an essential step towards developing strategies to address them. As stewards of the perioperative surgical home, anesthesiologists have an important role in developing institutional policies that mitigate racial disparities. Here, we provide a thorough narrative review of recent research concerning perioperative factors contributing to surgical outcomes disparities for children of all ages with CHD, examine potentially modifiable contributing factors, discuss avenues for future research, and suggest strategies to address disparities both locally and nationally.
Impaired myocardial deformation persists at 2 years in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus; Background: A diabetic intrauterine environment has been proposed as a potential etiological mechanism for in utero programming of cardiac disease, and is associated with impaired fetal cardiac function. We aimed to assess cardiac function in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus (ODM) and determine whether fetal cardiac abnormalities persist during follow-up. Methods: Longitudinal observational study to evaluate and compare myocardial function in 40 ODM to age-matched control offspring (CO). Myocardial deformation was measured using speckle-tracking echocardiography (STE). Results: Significant differences were detected in global longitudinal strain (−20.9 ± 3.1 vs. −23.6 ± 2.2%; p = 0.001), global circumferential strain (−24.4 ± 3.9 vs. −26.9 ± 2.7%; p = 0.017), average radial strain (29.0 ± 9.8 vs. 37.1 ± 7.2%; p = 0.003), average longitudinal systolic strain rate (−1.24 ± 0.25/s vs. −1.47 ± 0.30/s; p = 0.011) and average circumferential systolic strain rate (−1.56 ± 0.37/s vs. −1.84 ± 0.37/s; p = 0.013) in comparison to CO up to 2 years of follow-up. Minimal differences were observed within ODM over the 2-year period. Conclusion: Impaired cardiac function in ODM persists during 2 years follow-up. Functional cardiac assessment might therefore be useful to detect these unfavorable changes, independent of screening for congenital heart disease or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in this population. IMPACT: We demonstrate persistence of subclinical myocardial deformation abnormalities in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus from fetal life to early childhood years.These results extend the cellular observations in basic and translational research of developmental programming into the clinical realm.Persistence of subclinical myocardial deformation abnormalities may shed light on the known incidence of early cardiovascular disease in offspring of mother with diabetes.Cardiac myocardial strain assessment can be useful to detect these abnormalities, independent of screening for congenital heart disease or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in this population.
Previous pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of cardiovascular disease: A nested case–control study in Sweden; Objective: Pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are two common pregnancy complications that affect birth outcomes and are associated with a long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The aims of this study were to investigate if the pre-eclampsia association with CVD is independent of GDM and modified by body mass index (BMI) or GDM. Design: Case–control study. Setting: Sweden. Population: Cases were women with a first CVD event between 1991 and 2008 and a previous pregnancy who were matched with controls without CVD (1:5) by year of birth, age and region of birth. Methods: Conditional logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of GDM, pre-eclampsia and maternal BMI with CVD adjusted for potential confounders and effect modifications with interaction tests. Main outcome measures: CVD. Results: There were 2639 cases and 13 310 controls with complete data. Pre-eclampsia and GDM were independent risk factors for CVD (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.59, 95% CI 2.12–3.17 and aOR 1.47, 95% CI 1.04–2.09, respectively). After stratifying by maternal BMI, the adjusted association of pre-eclampsia with CVD did not differ notably between BMI groups: normal weight (aOR 2.65, 95% CI 1.90–3.69), overweight (aOR 2.67, 95% CI 1.52–4.68) and obesity (aOR 3.03, 95% CI 0.74–12.4). Similar findings were seen when stratifying on GDM/non-GDM. Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia and GDM are independent risk factors for later CVD and having both during pregnancy is a major risk factor for later CVD. The association between pre-eclampsia and CVD is not modified by BMI. Effective CVD preventive programs for high-risk women are urgently needed in order to improve women's long-term health.
Growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) in endocrinology; Human growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is a widely distributed protein that has shown to play multiple roles in both physiological and pathological conditions. In healthy individuals, GDF-15 is mainly expressed in the placenta, followed by the prostate, although low levels of expression have also been detected in different organs. GDF-15 acts through a recently identified receptor called glial-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) receptor alpha-like (GFRAL) which signals through the rearranged during transfection (RET) tyrosine kinase receptor. The effects of GDF-15 are pleiotropic and include appetite regulation, and actions on metabolism, pregnancy, cell survival, immune response, and inflammation. GDF-15 also plays different roles in the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease, autoimmunity, cancer-associated anorexia/cachexia, and diabetes. In recent years, several studies have reported a link between GDF-15 and the endocrine system. In this review, we up-date and summarize the relevant investigations of the relationships between GDF-15 and different endocrine conditions. We also assess the potential pathogenic role and potential therapeutic applications of GDF-15 in the field of endocrinology.
Maternal cardiovascular disorders before and during pregnancy and offspring cardiovascular risk across the life course; Obesity, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia are highly prevalent among women of reproductive age and contribute to complications in >30% of pregnancies in Western countries. An accumulating body of evidence suggests that these cardiovascular disorders in women, occurring before and during their pregnancy, can affect the development of the structure, physiology and function of cardiovascular organ systems at different stages during embryonic and fetal development. These developmental adaptations might, in addition to genetics and sociodemographic and lifestyle factors, increase the susceptibility of the offspring to cardiovascular disease throughout the life course. In this Review, we discuss current knowledge of the influence of maternal cardiovascular disorders, occurring before and during pregnancy, on offspring cardiovascular development, dysfunction and disease from embryonic life until adulthood. We discuss findings from contemporary, large-scale, observational studies that provide insights into specific critical periods, evidence for causality and potential underlying mechanisms. Furthermore, we focus on priorities for future research, including defining optimal cardiovascular and reproductive health in women and men before their pregnancy and identifying specific embryonic, placental and fetal molecular developmental adaptations from early pregnancy onwards. Together, these approaches will help stop the intergenerational cycle of cardiovascular disease.
The Uterine Environment and Childhood Obesity Risk: Mechanisms and Predictions; Purpose of Review: Childhood obesity is a growing health problem in many populations, hence the urgent need to unravel the underlying mechanisms. Some evidence suggests that exposure to suboptimal intrauterine environments can program foetal metabolic health, with adverse consequences in later life, including susceptibility to childhood obesity. Findings: Factors such as high and low foetal birth weight, excessive gestational-weight-gain, maternal stress and smoking are all associated with increased risk of childhood obesity in observational studies. Animal models, where both genetic background and the postnatal environment can be carefully controlled, suggest that several different mechanisms, including epigenetic changes, dysregulation of adipose tissue development and programming of appetite, may be key drivers of developmental programming of childhood obesity. However, the influence of genetics and the post-natal environment are much more difficult to disentangle as independent effects in human studies, which are also complicated by low follow-up rates. Summary: Suboptimal intrauterine environments interact with maternal and foetal genetics and with the postnatal environment to contribute to the risk of childhood obesity. Maternal metabolic challenges, for example obesity and insulin resistance, contribute to the risk of foetal overgrowth and subsequent adiposity in childhood. To protect the long-term health of populations, research focusing on effective means of identifying and intervening in the transgenerational cycle of childhood obesity is required.
A nonsense variant in the N-terminal acetyltransferase NAA30 may be associated with global developmental delay and tracheal cleft; Most human proteins are N-terminally acetylated by N-terminal acetyltransferases (NATs), which play crucial roles in many cellular functions. The NatC complex, comprising the catalytic subunit NAA30 and the auxiliary subunits NAA35 and NAA38, is estimated to acetylate up to 20% of the human proteome in a co-translational manner. Several NAT enzymes have been linked to rare genetic diseases, causing developmental delay, intellectual disability, and heart disease. Here, we report a de novo heterozygous NAA30 nonsense variant c.244C>T (p.Q82*) (NM_001011713.2), which was identified by whole exome sequencing in a 5-year-old boy presenting with global development delay, autism spectrum disorder, hypotonia, tracheal cleft, and recurrent respiratory infections. Biochemical studies were performed to assess the functional impact of the premature stop codon on NAA30's catalytic activity. We find that NAA30-Q82* completely disrupts the N-terminal acetyltransferase activity toward a classical NatC substrate using an in vitro acetylation assay. This finding corresponds with structural modeling showing that the truncated NAA30 variant lacks the entire GNAT domain, which is required for catalytic activity. This study suggests that defective NatC-mediated N-terminal acetylation can cause disease, thus expanding the spectrum of NAT variants linked to genetic disease.
Obesity and Dyslipidemia: A Review of Current Evidence; Purpose of Review: Obesity is accompanied by atherogenic dyslipidemia, a specific lipid disorder characterized by both quantitative and qualitative changes of plasma lipoproteins. The main alterations in the lipid profile include hypertriglyceridemia, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level, and elevated small dense low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles. Epidemiological data show that obesity is more common in women and is a frequent risk factor for reproductive disorders, metabolic complications in pregnancy, and cardiometabolic disease later in life. The aim of this narrative review is to discuss recent advances in the research of dyslipidemia in obesity, with an emphasis on female-specific disorders and cardiometabolic risk. Recent Findings: The focus of current research on dyslipidemia in obesity is moving toward structurally and functionally modified plasma lipoproteins. Special attention is paid to the pro-atherogenic role of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and their remnants. Introduction of advanced analytical techniques enabled identification of novel lipid biomarkers with potential clinical applications. In particular, proteomic and lipidomic studies have provided significant progress in the comprehensive research of HDL’s alterations in obesity. Obesity-related dyslipidemia is a widespread metabolic disturbance in polycystic ovary syndrome patients and high-risk pregnancies, but is seldom evaluated with respect to its impact on future cardiometabolic health. Summary: Obesity and associated cardiometabolic diseases require a more depth insight into the quality of lipoprotein particles. Further application of omics-based techniques would enable a more comprehensive evaluation of dyslipidemia in order to reduce an excessive cardiovascular risk attributable to increased body weight. However, more studies on obesity-related female reproductive disorders are needed for this approach to be adopted in daily clinical practice.
Evaluation of fetal myocardial performance index in gestational diabetes mellitus; This study aimed to compare fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) between fetuses of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy controls and to evaluate the relationship between MPI and maternal glucose levels. This was a prospective study of 90 pregnant women, including 50 pregnancies with GDM (27 pregnancies with insulin-regulated GDM and 23 pregnancies with diet-regulated GDM) and 40 healthy controls. Isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) + isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT)/ejection time (ET) were used to calculate the MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Fetal MPI, PR interval, E/A ratio, maternal plasma glucose levels on the day of MPI measurement, and neonatal outcomes were compared. The fetal left-MPI was significantly higher in the GDM group than healthy controls (0.43 ± 0.04 vs. 0.40 ± 0.06, p = 0.007). The best cut-off level for MPI was >0.41 to predict adverse perinatal outcomes (sensitivity: 70%, specificity: 68%, area under the curve: 0.715, 95% confidence interval: 0.5143–0.8205, p < 0.001). The fetal MPI values showed no correlation with maternal plasma fasting, postprandial glucose, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) levels. Reduced E/A ratio, higher neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and the need for cesarean delivery were detected in the GDM group. Fetal MPI is impaired in women with GDM, and the need for insulin therapy is associated with higher MPI values and adverse neonatal outcomes. Fetal MPI can help detect fetuses with potential adverse outcome risks, owing to impaired fetal cardiac function.
Addressing Cardiovascular Risk Across the Arc of a Woman’s Life: Sex-Specific Prevention and Treatment; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in the United States of America. Despite this, women are underdiagnosed, less often receive preventive care, and are undertreated for CVD compared to men. There has been an increase in sex-specific risk factors and treatments over the past decade; however, sex-specific recommendations have not been included in the guidelines. We aim to highlight recent evidence behind the differential effect of traditional risk factors and underscore sex-specific risk factors with an intention to promote awareness, improve risk stratification, and early implementation of appropriate preventive therapies in women. Recent Findings: Women are prescribed fewer antihypertensives and lipid-lowering agents and receive less cardiovascular care as compared to men. Additionally, pregnancy complications have been associated with increased cardiovascular mortality later in life. Findings from the ARIC study suggest that there is a perception of lower risk of cardiovascular disease in women. The SWEDEHEART study which investigated sex differences in treatment, noted a lower prescription of guideline-directed therapy in women. Women are less likely to be prescribed statin medications by their providers in both primary and secondary prevention as they are considered lower risk than men, while also being more likely to decline and discontinue treatment. A woman’s abnormal response to pregnancy may serve as her first physiological stress test which can have implications on her future cardiovascular health. This was supported by the CHAMPs study noting a higher premature cardiovascular risk after maternal complications. Adverse pregnancy outcomes have been associated with a 1.5–4.0 fold increase in future cardiovascular events in multiple studies. Summary: In this review, we highlight the differences in traditional risk factors and their impact on women. Furthermore, we address the sex-specific risk factors and pregnancy-associated complications that increase the risk of CVD in women. Adherence to GDMT may have implications on overall mortality in women. An effort to improve early recognition of CVD risk with implementation of aggressive risk factor control and lifestyle modification should be emphasized. Future studies should specifically report on differences in outcomes between males and females. Increased awareness and knowledge on sex-specific risks and prevention are likely to lower the prevalence and improve outcomes of CVD in women.
Surgical complications in pregnancy after bariatric surgery; a case series; Background: Obesity is a rising world-wide problem and bariatric surgery, also in the reproductive age, is increasingly performed. Bariatric procedures are associated with surgical complications during pregnancy, such as internal herniation. Cases: In this case series three cases with severe surgical complications after Roux-Y gastric bypass are described. In all three cases surgery was needed to prevent further complications. In one case subtotal bowel resection had to be performed because of extensive necrosis and intra-uterine fetal death was found. Conclusion: Though surgical complications after Roux-Y gastric bypass are not very common, complications can be very serious and lead to severe morbidity and even mortality for mother and fetus. Because of the severity of complications, delaying bariatric surgery or considering alternative bariatric techniques with fewer (severe) complications should be considered in obese women in childbearing age.
Genetic Testing Guidelines Impact Care in Newborns with Congenital Heart Defects; Objective: To evaluate genetic evaluation practices in newborns with the most common birth defect, congenital heart defects (CHD), we determined the prevalence and the yield of genetic evaluation across time and across patient subtypes, before and after implementation of institutional genetic testing guidelines. Study design: This was a retrospective, cross-sectional study of 664 hospitalized newborns with CHD using multivariate analyses of genetic evaluation practices across time and patient subtypes. Results: Genetic testing guidelines for hospitalized newborns with CHD were implemented in 2014, and subsequently genetic testing increased (40% in 2013 and 75% in 2018, OR 5.02, 95% CI 2.84-8.88, P < .001) as did medical geneticists’ involvement (24% in 2013 and 64% in 2018, P < .001). In 2018, there was an increased use of chromosomal microarray (P < .001), gene panels (P = .016), and exome sequencing (P = .001). The testing yield was high (42%) and consistent across years and patient subtypes analyzed. Increased testing prevalence (P < .001) concomitant with consistent testing yield (P = .139) added an estimated 10 additional genetic diagnoses per year, reflecting a 29% increase. Conclusions: In patients with CHD, yield of genetic testing was high. After implementing guidelines, genetic testing increased significantly and shifted to newer sequence-based methods. Increased use of genetic testing identified more patients with clinically important results with potential to impact patient care.
(Over‑)Nutrition and its impact on placenta function: Changes in maternal–fetal exchange in obesity and gestational diabetes; An adequate exchange of nutrients via the placenta is of particular importance for optimal growth of an unborn fetus. Therefore, pregnancy represents a highly sensitive time frame where an inadequate or unbalanced diet together with overweight/obesity or related metabolic conditions such as gestational diabetes can impact infant health for life. Of particular importance is the placenta as the first fetal–maternal contact organ. Both nutrient availability and placental nutrient transporters are characterized by the obesogenic/diabetic phenotype of the mother and impact fetal development. Disturbed fetal programming of organ function and metabolic processes will increase the risk for later development of chronic diseases such as obesity, type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease. In this review, current dietary guidelines during pregnancy, function and nutrient transport in the placenta, fetal–maternal exchange, and aspects involving placental immunological pathways are presented with a particular focus on changes induced by obesity and/or gestational diabetes.
A Survey on the Relationship Between Fetal Heart Rate in the First Trimester and Gestational Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can complicate pregnancy. Ultrasound examination of the fetal heart rate (FHR) is essential to routine pregnancy care. Several studies have reported the effect of GDM on FHR. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the relationship between FHR in the first trimester and GDM. Methods: This cohort study was conducted on 214 pregnant women in the first trimester. The FHR of all fetuses was measured once in the first and second trimesters after a glucose challenge test (GCT). Based on the GCT, all pregnant women were divided into two groups (GDM and healthy). The data were analyzed by SPSS software version 16 to investigate the relationship between GDM and the first-trimester FHR. Results: The mean FHR of the first trimester in GDM and healthy pregnant women was 164.38 ± 7.20 and 164.25 ± 7.43, respectively (P = 0.930). After GCT, the mean FHR in GDM and healthy pregnant women was 144.97 ± 7.60 and 146.65 ± 8.71, respectively (P = 0.326). The FHR in the first trimester and after GCT in GDM and healthy pregnant women were not significantly different. The logistic regression results showed that FHR cannot predict GDM. Conclusions: Based on the results, the fetus’s heart rate cannot be used to predict gestational diabetes.
Procalcitonin-Based Antibiotic Use for Neonatal Early-Onset Bacterial Infections: Pre- and Post-Intervention Clinical Study; We previously reported the 95th percentile cutoff value of the serum procalcitonin (PCT) reference curve for diagnosing early-onset bacterial infection. We aimed to verify the effectivity of these novel diagnostic criteria by comparing antibiotic use and incidence of early-onset bacterial infection between pre- and post-introduction periods. We included newborns admitted to our neonatal intensive care unit who underwent blood tests within 72 h after birth between 2018 and 2022. The neonates were divided into the pre-intervention (admitted before the introduction, n = 737) or post-intervention (admitted after the introduction, n = 686) group. The days of antibiotics therapy (DOT) per 1000 patient days up to 6 days after birth, percentage of antibiotic use, and incidence of early-onset bacterial infection were compared between the groups. The post-intervention group had significantly lower DOT per 1000 patient days (82.0 days vs. 211.3 days, p < 0.01) and percentage of newborns receiving antibiotics compared with the pre-intervention group (79 (12%) vs. 280 (38%), respectively, p < 0.01). The incidence of early-onset bacterial infections did not differ between the groups (2% each, p = 0.99). In conclusion, our diagnostic criteria using the 95th percentile cutoff value of the serum PCT reference curve for early-onset bacterial infection were proven safe and effective, promoting appropriate use of antibiotics.
Hypertriglyceridemia in gestational diabetes: Case report and review of the literature; Background: Hypertriglyceridemia is a rare but potentially severe complication of pregnancy. It is seen in women with inherited lipid disorders, thyroid disease, nephrotic syndrome, diabetes and is associated with certain medication. Hypertriglyceridaemia can cause pancreatitis, pre-eclampsia and foetal compromise. Treatment is often challenging-many medications are not approved during pregnancy and much of the evidence comes from small case reports and case series. Here was present the case of a lady with type 2 diabetes and hypertriglyceridemia, outline our treatment plan and progress and review the literature. Case presentation: We describe the case of a 37 year old pregnant lady with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus who developed severe hypertriglyceridemia in her third trimester. Baseline body mass index and triglyceride level entering pregnancy were 45.2 kg/m2 and 2.2 mmol/L (0.4–2.0). At week 31 this lady required >1 unit/kg of insulin. A random lipid level done to investigate large foetal size identified a triglyceride level of 27 mmol/L. Treatment with a reduced fat diet, strict glycaemic control and omega 3 fatty acids was initiated and triglycerides reduced to <5mmol/L. A healthy infant weighting 3.3kg was delivered at 36 + 5. Post-partum lipids returned to baseline levels without treatment and insulin was discontinued after delivery. Conclusion: Treatment of this rare condition is often complex and required multi-disciplinary input. In cases such as this dietic support and strict glycaemic control are the corner stones of treatment, however a number of oral and parenteral treatment options are available for those with severe complications.
A Relation between Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy and Delivering Small for Gestational Age Infant—A Systematic Review; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) during pregnancy can negatively affect both the mother and the baby. Our main goal is to show whether there is an association between OSA during pregnancy and delivering small for gestational age (SGA) infants. This systematic review was conducted according to the PRISMA 2020 statement using three databases: MEDLINE via PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane Library. All databases were last accessed on 1 June 2023. The implemented systematic literature search identified 744 articles. After excluding reviews, meta-analyses, book chapters, case reports, and letters, 47 studies were analyzed, 18 of which finally met the inclusion criteria. The included studies mainly indicate that OSA during pregnancy may not significantly impact SGA, but some of them have shown the existence of this relation. Nevertheless, it is recommended that all pregnant women should be screened for symptoms of OSA and that sleep tests should be performed on those who show signs of it. Detecting and treating OSA early in pregnancy can help reduce the condition’s negative effects. However, more extensive studies are still needed to gather clear evidence on the impact of an OSA diagnosis on mothers and babies.
Poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction correlate with increased circulating fetal microchimerism in diabetic pregnancies; Fetal microchimerism (FMc) arises during pregnancy as fetal cells enter maternal circulation and remain decades postpartum. Circulating FMc is increased in preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, and as we recently showed, is associated with biomarkers of placental dysfunction in normotensive term pregnancies. Diabetes mellitus (DM) also correlates with placental dysfunction. We hypothesize that poor glucose control and markers of placental dysfunction are associated with increased circulating FMc in diabetic pregnancies. We included 122 pregnancies preceding active labor (pregestational DM, n = 77, gestational DM (GDM), n = 45) between 2001 and 2017. Maternal and fetal samples were genotyped for various human leukocyte antigen (HLA) loci, and other polymorphisms to identify fetus-specific alleles. We used validated polymerase chain reaction (PCR) assays to quantify FMc in maternal peripheral blood buffy coat. Negative binomial regression with adjustment for confounders was used to assess FMc quantity. In pregestational DM, increased circulating FMc correlated with elevation of HbA1c (≥ 6.0 %) (detection rate ratio (DRR) = 4.9, p = 0.010) and a 1000 pg/mL rise in the anti-angiogenic biomarker soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1) (DRR = 1.1, p = 0.011). In GDM, increased FMc correlated with elevated 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test results (DRR = 2.3, p = 0.046) and birthweight < 10th or > 90th percentile (DRR = 4.2, p = 0.049). These findings support our novel hypothesis that FMc correlates with poor glucose control and various aspects of placental dysfunction in DM. Whether increased FMc in pregnancies with poor glucose control and placental dysfunction contributes to the risk of preeclampsia in diabetic pregnancies and to the increased risk of chronic cardiovascular disease later in life remains to be investigated.
Major trauma in pregnancy: prediction of maternal and perinatal adverse outcomes; BACKGROUND: Trauma, largely the consequence of motor vehicle crashes, is the leading cause of pregnancy-associated maternal mortality. Prediction of adverse outcomes has been difficult in pregnancy given the infrequent occurrence of traumatic events and anatomic considerations unique to pregnancy. The injury severity score, an anatomic scoring system with weighting dependent on severity and anatomic region of injury, is used in the prediction of adverse outcomes in the nonpregnant population but has yet to be validated in pregnancy. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to estimate the associations between risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes after major trauma in pregnancy and to develop a clinical prediction model for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective analysis of a cohort of pregnant patients who sustained major trauma and who were admitted to 1 of 2 level 1 trauma centers. Three composite adverse pregnancy outcomes were evaluated, namely adverse maternal outcomes and short- and long-term adverse perinatal outcomes, defined as outcomes occurring within the first 72 hours of the traumatic event or encompassing the entire pregnancy. Bivariate analyses were performed to estimate the associations between clinical or trauma-related variables and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to predict each adverse pregnancy outcome. The predictive performance of each model was estimated using receiver operating characteristic curve analyses. RESULTS: A total of 119 pregnant trauma patients were included, 26.1% of whom met the severe adverse maternal pregnancy outcome criteria, 29.4% of whom met the severe short-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome definition, and 51.3% of whom met the severe long-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome definition. Injury severity score and gestational age were associated with the composite short-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcome with an adjusted odds ratio of 1.20 (95% confidence interval, 1.11–1.30). The injury severity score was solely predictive of the adverse maternal and long-term adverse perinatal pregnancy outcomes with odds ratios of 1.65 (95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.09) and 1.14 (95% confidence interval, 1.07–1.23), respectively. An injury severity score ≥8 was the best cutoff for predicting adverse maternal outcomes with 96.8% sensitivity and 92.0% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.990±0.006). An injury severity score ≥3 was the best cutoff for the short-term adverse perinatal outcomes, which correlates with a 68.6% sensitivity and 65.1% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.755±0.055). An injury severity score ≥2 was the best cutoff for the long-term adverse perinatal outcomes, yielding a 68.3% sensitivity and 72.4% specificity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve, 0.763±0.042). CONCLUSION: For pregnant trauma patients, an injury severity score of ≥8 was predictive of severe adverse maternal outcomes. Minor trauma in pregnancy, defined in this study as an injury severity score <2, was not associated with maternal or perinatal morbidity or mortality. These data can guide management decisions for pregnant patients who present after trauma.
Selenium supplementation effect on glycemic control: A GRADE-assessed systematic review and dose-response meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Results: from different studies on the effects of selenium supplementation on glycemic control are still debated. To fill this knowledge gap, we investigated the overall effects of selenium supplementation on some glycemic parameters such as fasting blood sugar (FBS), hemoglobinA1c (HbA1c), fasting insulin, quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI), and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). A comprehensive literature search was conducted from inception to April 2023 on Scopus, Web of Science, PubMed, Google Scholar, and Cochrane databases. All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) which reported an effect of selenium supplementation on glycemic parameters were included. A random-effects model was used to estimate the weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% CI for each outcome. Between-studies heterogeneity was assessed by the I2 and Cochran's Q test. 20 trials were included in the meta-analysis. Pooled analysis showed that selenium intake significantly reduced fasting insulin (WMD: −3.02 µIu/mL, 95% CI; −5.13, −0.90, P = 0.005) and increased QUICKI levels (WMD: 0.01, 95% CI: 0.01, 0.02, P = 0.005). However, selenium supplementation did not change FBS (WMD: −1.32 mg/dL, 95% CI; −4.02, 1.37, P = 0.332), HbA1c (WMD = 0.05%, 95% CI: −0.19, 0.28, p = 0.701), and HOMA-IR (WMD: −0.82, 95% CI; −2.14, 0.50, P = 0.223). Moreover, we found that there is a non-linear association between selenium supplementation dosage and FBS (P-nonlinearity = 0.008). In conclusion, our study findings indicate some benefits of selenium on fasting insulin, and QUICKI compared with placebo, but elicits no effect on HbA1c, HOMA-IR, and FBS. Further well-designed RCTs with larger samples are necessary to ascertain the effects of selenium supplementation on glycemic control.
Gender-based research underscores sex differences in biological processes, clinical disorders and pharmacological interventions; Earlier research has presumed that the male and female biology is similar in most organs except the reproductive system, leading to major misconceptions in research interpretations and clinical implications, with serious disorders being overlooked or misdiagnosed. Careful research has now identified sex differences in the cardiovascular, renal, endocrine, gastrointestinal, immune, nervous, and musculoskeletal systems. Also, several cardiovascular, immunological, and neurological disorders have shown differences in prevalence and severity between males and females. Genetic variations in the sex chromosomes have been implicated in several disorders at young age and before puberty. The levels of the gonadal hormones estrogen, progesterone and testosterone and their receptors play a role in the sex differences between adult males and premenopausal women. Hormonal deficiencies and cell senescence have been implicated in differences between postmenopausal and premenopausal women. Specifically, cardiovascular disorders are more common in adult men vs premenopausal women, but the trend is reversed with age with the incidence being greater in postmenopausal women than age-matched men. Gender-specific disorders in females such as polycystic ovary syndrome, hypertension-in-pregnancy and gestational diabetes have attained further research recognition. Other gender-related research areas include menopausal hormone therapy, the “Estrogen Paradox” in pulmonary arterial hypertension being more predominant but less severe in young females, and how testosterone may cause deleterious effects in the kidney while having vasodilator effects in the coronary circulation. This has prompted the National Institutes of Health (NIH) initiative to consider sex as a biological variable in research. The NIH and other funding agencies have provided resources to establish state-of-the-art centers for women health and sex differences in biology and disease in several academic institutions. Scientific societies and journals have taken similar steps to organize specialized conferences and publish special issues on gender-based research. These combined efforts should promote research to enhance our understanding of the sex differences in biological systems beyond just the reproductive system, and provide better guidance and pharmacological tools for the management of various clinical disorders in a gender-specific manner.
Pregnancy-Induced Hypertensive Disorder and Risks of Future Ischemic and Nonischemic Heart Failure; Background: Although adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, studies on timing and subtypes of heart failure after a hypertensive pregnancy are lacking. Objectives: The goal of this study was to assess the association between pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder and risk of heart failure, according to ischemic and nonischemic subtypes, and the impact of disease characteristics and the timing of heart failure risks. Methods: This was a population-based matched cohort study, comprising all primiparous women without a history of cardiovascular disease included in the Swedish Medical Birth Register between 1988 and 2019. Women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder were matched with women with normotensive pregnancies. Through linkage with health care registers, all women were followed up for incident heart failure, classified as ischemic or nonischemic. Results: In total, 79,334 women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder were matched with 396,531 women with normotensive pregnancies. During a median follow-up of 13 years, rates of all heart failure subtypes were more common among women with pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder. Compared with women with normotensive pregnancies, adjusted HRs (aHRs) with 95% CIs were as follows: heart failure overall, aHR: 1.70 (95% CI: 1.51-1.91); ischemic heart failure, aHR: 2.28 (95% CI: 1.74-2.98); and nonischemic heart failure, aHR: 1.60 (95% CI: 1.40-1.83). Disease characteristics indicating severe hypertensive disorder were associated with higher heart failure rates, and rates were highest within the first years after the hypertensive pregnancy but remained significantly increased thereafter. Conclusions: Pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder is associated with an increased short-term and long-term risk of incident ischemic and nonischemic heart failure. Disease characteristics indicating more severe forms of pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorder amplify the heart failure risks.
Association Between Maternal Glucose Levels in Gestational Diabetes Screening and Subsequent Hypertension; BACKGROUND: We assessed the association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and subsequent hypertension. METHODS: This population-level, retrospective cohort study examined women aged 12 to 54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at ≥29 weeks of gestation from October 1, 2008 to December 1, 2018 followed until March 31, 2019 in Alberta, Canada. Women were stratified by results in the 50-gram glucose challenge test and by 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test subtypes (normal oral glucose tolerance test, elevated fasting plasma glucose only [elevated fasting], elevated postload glucose only, or both elevated fasting and postload glucose [combined]. Time to development of hypertension was modeled using Cox proportional hazards models. RESULTS: Of 313 361 women, 231 008 (79.1%) underwent a glucose challenge test only while 60 909 (20.9%) underwent either an oral glucose tolerance test only or both. Nine thousand five hundred eighty (3.1%) developed hypertension, and 2824 (0.9%) developed cardiovascular disease over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1-mmol/L increase in glucose in the glucose challenge test increased the risk of subsequent hypertension by 15% (adjusted hazard ratio and 95% CI, 1.15 [1.14-1.16]). Among those who underwent the oral glucose tolerance test, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent hypertension, followed by elevated fasting, then elevated postload glucose only (reference: glucose challenge test ≤7.1 mmol/L, adjusted hazard ratio [95% CI]: elevated postload glucose only, 1.83 [1.68-2.00]; elevated fasting 2.02 [1.70-2.40]; combined, 2.65 [2.33-3.01]). No significant associations between maternal glucose levels and cardiovascular disease were observed. CONCLUSIONS: Increasing maternal glucose levels in pregnancy were associated with increasing risk of subsequent hypertension. These findings may help identify higher-risk women who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction.
Impact of youth onset type 2 diabetes during pregnancy on microvascular and cardiac outcomes; Aims: To examine the impact of pregnancy on microvascular and cardiovascular measures in women with youth-onset T2D. Methods: Microvascular and cardiovascular measures were compared in in a cohort of 116 women who experienced a pregnancy of ≥ 20 weeks gestation and 291 women who did not among women in the Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) study. Results: Cox regression models adjusted for participant characteristics at baseline including age, race/ethnicity, household income, diabetes duration, HbA1c (>6%), and BMI, demonstrated those who experienced pregnancy had 2.76 (1.38–5.49; p = 0.004) fold increased risk of hyperfiltration (eGFR ≥ 135 ml/min/1.73 m2), compared to those without a pregnancy. No differences were observed in rates of retinopathy (48.9% vs. 41.1%) or neuropathy (23.3% vs. 16.3%) in women who experienced pregnancy vs. women who did not, respectively. In fully adjusted models, pregnancy did not impact changes in echocardiographic or arterial stiffness compared to changes in women who were never pregnant. Conclusions: These results indicate that pregnancy increases the risk of hyperfiltration in women with youth-onset T2D, but not other micro or macrovascular complications. The rates of vascular complications are very high in youth-onset T2D potentially obscuring micro- and macrovascular changes attributable to pregnancy. Clinical Trial Information: ClinicalTrials.gov numbers, NCT01364350 and NCT02310724.
An Adverse Obstetric Event Following Conversion of DAPT to a Single Antiplatelet Agent in a Pregnant Woman with Coronary Artery Disease Treated by Angioplasty: A Case Report; Aim: To describe the adverse fetal outcome at term due to discontinuation of clopidogrel before delivery in woman with coronary artery disease who was on dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) for 5 years. Background: Acute myocardial infarction (MI) during pregnancy is reported more often than pregnancy outcomes in woman with coronary artery disease (CAD). The recommendation regarding the mode of delivery in women with preexisting CAD is not uniform, and the role of continuing DAPT before delivery is a matter of debate in the literature. Case description: A 38-year-old primigravida with a history of CAD for 5 years was hospitalized at 37 weeks for safe confinement. She was a tailor by occupation and was diagnosed with CAD 5 years ago, for which she underwent primary percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with an everolimus-eluting stent of the left anterior descending (LAD) artery. She has been taking tablet (Tab) aspirin, Tab clopidogrel, β-blockers, and statins since then. She was married for 20 years and was investigated for primary infertility. Her cycles were irregular, and she was diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), treated with oral ovulogens without success, and stopped further fertility treatment when diagnosed with CAD. She recognized herself as pregnant only at 32 weeks. She was scheduled to be delivered by elective cesarean section (CS) at 38 weeks. The cardiologist and the anesthesiologist advised her to stop clopidogrel 1 week before CS. She suffered from sudden intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD) the day before the scheduled CS and went into labor. She was delivered by emergency cesarean, and the stillborn baby weighed 3.4 kg. Conclusion: Discontinuing DAPT in pregnant women with CAD may lead to IUFD. Clinical significance: Continuing DAPT from pregnancy till delivery or substituting with heparin to prevent thrombosis is essential, possibly preventing sudden intrauterine death. The benefits should be weighed against the risk of bleeding when such therapy is stopped.
Severe pre-eclampsia as a rare cause of profound hyponatraemia; Profound hyponatraemia, defined as sodium <125 mmol/L, is a very rare complication of pre-eclampsia (PET) with a relative paucity of cases reported. Pre-eclampsia is a multisystem disorder with a maternal mortality of up to 20%. Hyponatraemia is associated with disease severity, twin pregnancy, advanced maternal age, in vitro fertilisation and HELLP (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets). The authors present the case of a low-risk nulliparous woman presenting with frontal headache and normal BP at 31 +2 weeks gestation. Laboratory investigations confirmed a sodium of 123 mmol/L. Her urine protein creatinine ratio was 322 mg/mmol. She developed PET (BP 171/100 mm Hg) refractory to pharmacological management. She underwent an emergency lower segment caesarean section and was delivered of a live neonate. The maternal serum sodium normalised within 24 hours. Hyponatraemia should be regarded as a marker of severity in the setting of pre-eclampsia and may be an indication for an expedited delivery. Prompt management is required to prevent convulsions, maternal mortality and adverse fetal outcomes.
44461 Neonatal lupus presenting with a blueberry muﬃn-like eruption at the time of birth; A male neonate born at 39 weeks’ gestation by vaginal delivery presented at the time of birth with a diﬀuse eruption of pink to red macules and thin papules on the face, trunk, and extremities, resembling a “blueberry muﬃn rash.” The pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes but the mother was otherwise healthy with no family history of autoimmune disease or immunodeficiencies. Labs were significant for thrombocytopenia with platelets 38. Extensive infectious work-up was negative, including CMV, parvovirus, and HSV 1&2 PCRs. The mother’s TORCH panel was also negative. A biopsy was performed that was overall nonspecific. There was a mild perivascular and perieccrine infiltrate of crushed inflammatory cells and no evidence of extramedullary hematopoiesis, leukemia cutis, or mastocytosis. He presented to outpatient dermatology follow-up at the age of 2 months, now with subtle annular plaques on the temples and pre-auricular cheeks as well as periorbital edema and erythema. The mother, who was completely asymptomatic, went for additional labs which showed positive anti-SSA, anti-SSB, and anti-RNP antibodies. The patient underwent additional testing and had a similar antibody profile. He was subsequently diagnosed with neonatal lupus. EKG and echocardiogram were performed which were both normal. He is now 4 months old and his platelet numbers have stabilized. He continues to improve with diligent sun protection alone. We present this case of neonatal lupus that presented at the time of birth with a “blueberry muﬃn-like” eruption to highlight an atypical congenital cutaneous manifestation that may lead to a delay in diagnosis.
Prophylactic Management of Women with Bipolar Disorder during Pregnancy and the Perinatal Period: Clinical Scenario-Based Practical Recommendations from A Group of Perinatal Psychiatry Authors; Many women with bipolar disorder experience episodes of illness or relapses over the perinatal period, especially in the immediate postpartum period. Risks associated with treated/untreated psychopathologies and fetal exposure to bipolar medications make the management of bipolar disorder during these periods challenging for clinicians and patients. In light of the available effectiveness and reproductive safety data, the current clinical update based on the opinions of a group of international perinatal psychiatry authors recommends general considerations and specific management strategies for each possible clinical scenario, including mixed features, predominant polarity, diagnosis of subtypes of bipolar disorder, severity of previous episodes, and risk of recurrence of mood episodes.
PO2_03. Body mass composition indices and circulating lipids one or three years after pregnancy complications; Background: Women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), like preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, have an increased risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). Dyslipidemia and overweight are associated with HDP and represent modifiable risk factors for CVD. To aid in early CVD prevention, simple screening tools for excessive CVD risk are warranted. Abdominal obesity is a stronger risk factor for CVD than general adiposity. Consequently, waist circumference, hip circumference and waist-to-hip ratio are more useful predictors of CVD risk in the general population than BMI (body mass index). Also, non-traditional body composition indices, including estimated Total Body Fat, A Body Shape Index, Index of Central Obesity and waist-to-hip-to-height ratio have shown stronger associations to cardiovascular death in the general population. We aimed to investigate if other body composition indices than BMI associate more strongly with postpartum circulating lipids after pregnancy complications. Methods: We examined 400 women 1 or 3 years after a normotensive, hypertensive or diabetic pregnancy, including measurements of fasting lipids and body composition (BMI, waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio, waist-to-hip-to-height ratio, Index of Central Obesity, A Body Shape Index and estimated Total Body Fat). Associations were investigated by univariate regression, stratified for pregnancy outcomes. A p-level <0.050 was considered statistically significant. Results: The previous HDP and GDM groups displayed higher median systolic and diastolic blood pressures compared to controls. Both groups also had higher median body composition indices compared to the control group, but the pattern differed across the various indices. Only the GDM group displayed significantly different lipid values compared to the control group, and displayed a more dyslipidemic profile with elevated triglycerides (median 0.93 vs 0.67 mmol/L) and ApoB (median 0.88 vs 0.81 mg/dL), as well as lower HDL (median 1.25 vs 1.51 mg/dL), all p<0.05. In univariate analyses, lipid values more often associated with body composition indices in the preeclampsia and control groups, as compared to the GDM and gestational hypertension groups. Conclusion: Neither traditional nor more recently developed indices of body mass composition fully explain lipid variation in women with previous pregnancy complications. Our future work will explore whether cardiovascular function and structure one or three years postpartum correlate independently with previous pregnancy complications, after adjustment for relevant confounders. Conflicts of interests: No conflict to declare.
Uptake of the core outcome set on polycystic ovary syndrome before and after its publication; STUDY QUESTION: Does the core outcome set (COS) on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) impact the selection of research outcomes? SUMMARY ANSWER: Following the publication of the COS on PCOS, an increasing number of trials are reporting both the generic domain and body mass index; however, the uptake of this COS has not been as extensive as expected. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: The COS on PCOS included 33 core outcomes in the following seven domains: the generic (3), metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), psychological (3), oncological (1), and long-term (1). This was done to improve consistency in outcome selection and definition. However, thus far, no studies have investigated the effectiveness of this COS in the above-mentioned tasks. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A methodological study based on the trial registries, including 395 eligible clinical trials registered between 1 January 2018 and 21 September 2022. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: A total of 1258 registered clinical studies on PCOS were retrieved from the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform. Of those, 395 were selected according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria, and divided into two groups based on the publication date of the COS on PCOS (4 February 2020): pre-publication and post-publication. The practical uptake of this COS was explored after data collation, assessment, comparison of the uptake of core outcomes or domains before and after the publication of this COS, and correlation analysis between the domains. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: There were 26 out of 33 core outcomes and five out of seven domains reported in the 395 trials. The highest uptake was observed for the reproductive domain and the reproductive hormonal profile (63.0% and 38.7%, respectively). After the publication of the COS on PCOS, the uptake of the generic domain and body mass index increased from 24.1% to 35.8% (P = 0.011) and 17.8% to 26.5% (P = 0.039), respectively. The total number of reported core outcomes in the generic domain met statistical significance (P = 0.012). Moreover, multivariable analyses still supported the above finding in the generic domain. Correlation analysis showed that most of the domains were positively correlated with each other. However, the pregnancy domain was negatively correlated with the metabolic domain. Reasons responsible for the unsatisfactory uptake may be the absence of specific definitions of core outcomes, as well as the lack of awareness among researchers regarding this COS. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Due to the lack of standardized definition of outcomes, it was difficult to avoid some subjectivity in the process of consistency assessment. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Two years after its publication, there was no substantial improvement in the uptake of the COS on PCOS. This suggests that this COS may require further revision, refinement, and promotion to improve the comparability of PCOS studies. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This work was funded by Beijing Municipal Health Science and Technology Achievements and Appropriate Technology Promotion Project (BHTPP2022069), and the special fund of Beijing Key Clinical Specialty Construction Project. The authors do not have conflicts of interest to declare. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: N/A.
2023 Clinical Practice Guidelines for Diabetes Mellitus of the Korean Diabetes Association; In May 2023, the Committee of Clinical Practice Guidelines of the Korean Diabetes Association published the revised clinical practice guidelines for Korean adults with diabetes and prediabetes. We incorporated the latest clinical research findings through a comprehensive systematic literature review and applied them in a manner suitable for the Korean population. These guidelines are designed for all healthcare providers nationwide, including physicians, diabetes experts, and certified diabetes educators who manage patients with diabetes or individuals at risk of developing diabetes. Based on recent changes in international guidelines and the results of a Korean epidemiological study, the recommended age for diabetes screening has been lowered. In collaboration with the relevant Korean medical societies, recently revised guidelines for managing hypertension and dyslipidemia in patients with diabetes have been incorporated into this guideline. An abridgment containing practical information on patient education and systematic management in the clinic was published separately.
Does treatment modality affect measures of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether arterial stiffness (AS) differs between healthy women and women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) managed by different treatment modalities. METHODS: This was a prospective longitudinal cohort study comparing AS in pregnancies complicated by GDM and low-risk controls. AS was assessed by recording aortic pulse-wave velocity (AoPWV), brachial augmentation index (BrAIx) and aortic augmentation index (AoAIx) using the Arteriograph® at four gestational-age windows: 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks (W1); 28 + 0 to 31 + 6 weeks (W2); 32 + 0 to 35 + 6 weeks (W3) and ≥ 36 + 0 weeks (W4). Women with GDM were considered both as a single group and as subgroups stratified by treatment modality. Data were analyzed using a linear mixed model on each AS variable (log-transformed) with group, gestational-age window, maternal age, ethnicity, parity, body mass index, mean arterial pressure and heart rate as fixed effects and individual as a random effect. We compared the group means including relevant contrasts and adjusted the P-values using Bonferroni correction. RESULTS: The study population comprised 155 low-risk controls and 127 women with GDM, of whom 59 were treated with dietary intervention, 47 were treated with metformin only and 21 were treated with metformin + insulin. The two-way interaction term of study group and gestational age was significant for BrAIx and AoAIx (P < 0.001), but there was no evidence that mean AoPWV was different between the study groups (P = 0.729). Women in the control group demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with the combined GDM group at W1-W3, but not at W4. The mean difference in log-transformed BrAIx was -0.37 (95% CI, -0.52 to -0.22), -0.23 (95% CI, -0.35 to -0.12) and -0.29 (95% CI, -0.40 to -0.18) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. The mean difference in log-transformed AoAIx was -0.49 (95% CI, -0.69 to -0.30), -0.32 (95% CI, -0.47 to -0.18) and -0.38 (95% CI -0.52 to -0.24) at W1, W2 and W3, respectively. Similarly, women in the control group also demonstrated significantly lower BrAIx and AoAIx compared with each of the GDM treatment subgroups (diet, metformin only and metformin + insulin) at W1-W3. The increase in mean BrAIx and AoAIx seen between W2 and W3 in women with GDM treated with dietary management was attenuated in the metformin-only and metformin + insulin groups. However, the mean differences in BrAIx and AoAIx between these treatment groups were not statistically significant at any gestational-age window. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by GDM demonstrate significantly higher AS compared with low-risk pregnancies regardless of treatment modality. Our data provide the basis for further investigation into the association of metformin therapy with changes in AS and risk of placenta-mediated diseases. © 2023 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
EPILEPSY PHENOTYPE IN A LARGE COHORT OF NEONATAL ARTERIAL ISCHEMIC STROKE (NAIS) AND PRESUMED PERINATAL ARTERIAL ISCHEMIC STROKE (PPAIS); Introduction: The aim of this study is to characterize the epilepsy phenotype and outcomes in a large cohort of neonatal arterial ischemic stroke (NAIS) and presumed perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PPAIS). Methods: This was a hospital based retrospective cohort study. Children aged less than 18 years of age with NAIS and PPAIS were included. Children with concurrent hypoxia, cerebral venous thrombosis or parenchymal haemorrhage and those who do not have a complete record set were excluded. Results: A total of 250 patients were enrolled. 136 (54.4%) had NAIS and 114 (45.6%) had PAIS. 150 (60%) were males and 100 (40%) were females. The mean age of last follow-up was 14 years. Most common antenatal risk factors were pregnancy induced hypertension (9%) and gestational diabetes (9%). 14% were born preterm and the rest were born term. The most common arterial territory involved was MCA (88.9%) and there was left preponderance (60.8%). The most common etiology for stroke was presumed placental embolism in 48% (120). Among the NAIS group, the most common presentation was seizures in 67%, with the most common type being asymmetric-clonic (75%). 28% of children had unprovoked seizures following NAIS later in life. Among the PPAIS group, seizures were the first presenting symptom in 13.1% (15). 49% of those in the PPAIS group had epilepsy. Focal epilepsy was the most common epilepsy syndrome following PPAIS. Infantile spasms (IS) were seen in 18 (7.2%) and epileptic encephalopathy with continuous spike-wake in slow wave sleep in 9 (3.6%). Drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) was seen in 16 (6.4%). 9 underwent epilepsy surgery (6-hemispherectomy and 3-focal resections) with all achieving ILAE Class I outcome. Conclusion: This study shows that epilepsy in later childhood is seen in one-third of children with NAIS, with 7.2% developing IS and 6.4% developing DRE.
Investigating long-term complications of gestational diabetes using real-world data; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to be associated with the development of Type 2 Diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and possibly other long-term complications. Our aim is to better understand long-term outcomes for women having suffered GDM in the general population. Materials and methods: Among 2.3 million people in Northwest London in the DISCOVER-NOW dataset we identified a cohort of 400 subjects coded with GDM in primary care between 2010 and 2011 and followed them up through to 2021. Our comparator cohort of pregnant women without a coding for any form of diabetes contains 64, 709 subjects. We then analysed coding for a variety of complications (e.g. Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD), Hypertension, Eye disease, Cerebrovascular disease, Ischaemic heart disease, liver disease, and diabetic foot disease). We also extracted data on baseline demographics. Results: We report basic demographic data on the two groups including age of first pregnancy, ethnicity, BMI, and smoking status. Though the two groups of women were broadly similar in terms smoking status, BMIs coded for in the GDM group were notably higher. The average age of first pregnancy in the non-diabetic cohort was 30.3 vs. 31.4 in the GDM cohort. We also report co-morbidities accrued in the two groups. The most coded-for comorbidity in the non-diabetic cohort in the follow-up period was hypertension, with 4225 (6.5%) subjects coded for it. In the GDM group, though 48 (12%) did develop hypertension, eye complications were more often coded for, with 75 (18.8%) subjects coded for these (not to mention progression to T2DM which was coded for in 24.5% of GDM subjects vs. 2.5% of non-diabetic subjects). Conclusion: We have demonstrated, from real-world data, the consequences of GDM over a ten-year period, including development of retinopathy, progression to T2DM and liver disease. A longer follow-up period will provide further details of conditions developing more slowly, such as CKD. (Figure Presented).
Lower NT-proBNP and higher cardiovascular risk factors in south Asian vs Nordic women 1-3 years after gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Individuals of South Asian origin have higher CVD risk after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) than white Europeans. Lower natriuretic peptide (NP) levels have been linked to cardiovascular risk in insulin resistant populations. We aimed to compare ethnic differences in cardiac biomarkers and cardiovascular risk factors in women with normal glucose tolerance and prediabetes/diabetes, 1-3 years after GDM. Materials and methods: We examined 179 South Asian (mean (SD) age 34.5 (4.2) yrs, BMI 29.3 (6.8) kg/m2, WHR 0.90 (0.06)) and 108 Nordic (age 36.5 (4.9) yrs, BMI 29.0 (5.4) kg/m2, WHR 0.88 (0.09)) women living in Oslo, Norway, with clinical examination, fasting blood samples and OGTTs. We compared the levels of the cardiac biomarkers N-terminal pro B-type NP (NT-proBNP) and cardiac troponin T (cTnT), and cardiac risk factors, including lipoproteins and blood pressure, across categories of glucose tolerance. We also assessed insulin sensitivity by HOMA2-S and Matsuda insulin sensitivity index (Matsuda-ISI), and the inflammation markers interleukin 6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP) and growth differentiation factor (GDF) 15. Spearman correlation was used to estimate associations between NTproBNP and markers of cardiovascular risk or inflammation. Results: In the total population, the median [Q1-Q3] concentration of NT-proBNP was 31 [17-50] ng/L, and 258 (90%) had undetectable levels of cTnT. South Asian women had lower levels of NT-proBNP than Nordic women both in the normoglycaemic (median 30 vs 42 ng/L) and in the prediabetes/diabetes group (median 22 vs 44 ng/L). Levels of triglycerides were higher and HDL-cholesterol lower among South Asian women across glycaemic status, and Lp(a) were also higher in the group with prediabetes/diabetes. Markers of insulin sensitivity were lower, and several inflammatory markers were higher in South Asian vs Nordic women. In the total population, NT-proBNP correlated with fasting insulin (r=-0.41, p<0.001), HOMA2-S (r=0.41, p<0.001), and Matsuda-ISI (r=0.46, p<0.001) independent of glucose tolerance. In Nordic women with prediabetes/diabetes, NT-proBNP correlated with WHR (r=0.32, p=0.022). NT-proBNP did not correlate with BMI or the tested inflammation markers. There were no significant differences in cTnT levels between the groups, and cTnT levels did not correlate with markers of insulin sensitivity or inflammation. Conclusion: We discovered major differences in the levels of NTproBNP between South Asian and Nordic women examined 1-3 years after GDM. These differences were independent of glycaemica status, but significantly associated with markers of insulin sensitivity. Whether this finding of lower NT-proBNP in South Asians after GDM is an early marker of CVD deserves further studies.
Effect of an interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: the MySweetheart trial; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) increases the risk of depression, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We tested the effect of a pre- and postpartum complex interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention on metabolic and mental health outcomes in women with GDM. Materials and methods: This single blinded randomized controlled trial was conducted at the Lausanne Hospital between September/ 2016 and October/2021. 211 pregnant women with GDM were randomly assigned (1:1) to the intervention (n=105) or a guidelinesbased usual-care (n=106). In addition to usual-care, the intervention consisted of four interdisciplinary lifestyle visits during pregnancy and four in the postpartum, two peer-support workshops, and a bimonthly telemedicine coach support. It focused on tailored behavioral and psychosocial strategies to improve diet, physical activity, mental health, social support, adherence to gestational weight gain (GWG) and weight retention recommendations. Primary outcomes were between-group differences in the decrease in weight and attenuation of depression symptom scores between inclusion and 1-year postpartum. Assessors were blinded to outcomes. Results: 84 women in the intervention and 95 in the usual-care completed the study. There were no differences in the decrease in weight (β=-0•40 [95% CI:-2•1, 1•2]) or depression scores (β=-0•95 [95% CI:-2•46, 0•54]). Outcomes of body composition, glycemic parameters, aerobic and muscular fitness did not differ. The intervention led to an increase in fat-free mass at 1-year postpartum (β=0•02 [95% CI:-0•05, -0•02]) after covariate adjustment. It decreased insulin use, GWG (β=-1•20 [95% CI: -2•14, -0•26]), and the rate of weekly weight gain (β=-0•14 [95% CI: -0•25, -0•03]) and led to a higher proportion of women without weight retention at 1-year postpartum (34•1% vs 20•8%, p=0•034). Conclusion: Compared to an active guidelines-based usual-care, the intervention did not lead to additional decreases in weight or attenuation of depression symptoms at 1-year postpartum. However, it decreased insulin use, GWG during pregnancy and increased the proportion of women without weight retention.
Adipose tissue insulin resistance, liver fat and fetuin-A in South Asian and Nordic women after gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Individuals of South Asian (SA) ethnicity are more prone to develop type 2 diabetes (T2D) compared to white Europeans. A surplus of metabolic active visceral fat seem to be important for this increased risk, but the mechanisms remain incompletely understood. We focused on the inter-tissue cross-talk between adipose tissue (AT) and the liver in the development of insulin resistance (IR) and hypothesised that differences in this cross-talk contribute to the increased risk of T2D in SA women. Materials and methods: 179 SA (from India, Pakistan, Sri Lank and Bangladesh) and 108 Nordic (from Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Finland and Iceland) women living in Oslo, Norway underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) 1-3 years after gestational diabetes. Non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA), very-low-density lipoprotein triacylglycerol (VLDL-TG), glucose, insulin and C-peptide were measured during the OGTT in addition to fasting blood fetuin- A, leptin, adiponectin, C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), and high- and low-density cholesterol (HDL-c and LDL-c) levels. Results: 31% of SA and 53% of Nordic women had a normal OGTT. In women with normoglycaemia, SA exhibited lower suppression of NEFA levels during the OGTT than NO normoglycaemic women, but a similar NEFA response as in women with prediabetes/ T2D. Normoglycaemic SA also displayed higher levels of VLDL-TG than NO, again with a similar response pattern as seen in women with prediabetes/T2D. Normoglycaemic SA were moving up the curve when comparing NEFA as a function of insulin levels, approaching women with prediabetes/T2D. Markers of AT IR were positively correlated to plasma levels of leptin, CRP and IL-6, and negatively correlated to plasma adiponectin levels. The median plasma CRP and IL-6 levels were higher whereas plasma adiponectin levels were lower in normoglycaemic SA than in NO. The median plasma fetuin-A concentration was higher in normoglycaemic SA than in NO and mediated 10% of the ethnic difference in AT IR. Normoglycaemic SA displayed higher levels of liver fat markers, lower hepatic insulin clearance and plasma HDL-c levels and increased peripheral insulin concentrations than NO controls. Conclusion: We observed clear signs of AT IR in SA that were associated with increased liver fat content and signs of dyslipidaemia. AT IR was partly explained by markers of AT inflammation and increased plasma levels of fetuin-A. We suggest that targeting AT dysfunction may lower the risk of T2D and cardiovascular disease in SA.
Histone epigenetic signature and gestational diabetes: role of the acetyltransferase p300 in the transmission of the maternal phenotype to the offspring; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GD) is characterized by chronic hyperglycemia during pregnancy. GD women and their offspring are predisposed to atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Growing evidence shows that maternal GD may have an impact on the offspring epigenome, suggesting GD as an interesting model to elucidate molecular mechanisms possibly involved in the transmission of abnormal phenotypes to GD offspring. Therefore, we investigated the role of histone modifications, such as H3K27acetylation and H3K4monomethylation, in the onset of inflammatory phenotype and whether they are transmitted to the offspring, focusing on the role of histone acetyltransferase p300. Materials and methods: We employed peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from GD and control women as well as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) and cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMC) from newborn's umbilical cords. H3K27ac and H3K4me1 on a putative enhancer region of NF-κB p65 gene were assessed by Chromatin Immunoprecipitation, RT-qPCR and Luciferase assay. Protein expression of histone acetyltransferase p300 and NF-κB p65 were evaluated by flow-cytometry following p300 gene silencing. Results: We found higher NF-κB p65 expression in HUVEC, PBMC and CBMC from GD women compared to controls. Most importantly, we detected increased levels of H3K4me1 and H3K27ac at a region proved to be a putative enhancer of NF-κB p65 in all GD cells. Additionally, protein expression of p300 was significantly higher in GDHUVEC compared to control cells and its gene silencing was able to significantly inhibit NF-κB p65 protein expression. Conclusion: Our results suggest that a complex interplay of histone modifications may be responsible for the inflammation associated to chronic hyperglycemia and this provides the basis for demonstrating the transmission of these modifications to the offspring. Although further elucidations are needed, our results open towards new pharmacological reprogramming of adverse histone modifications to dampen early abnormal phenotypes in GD offspring which may accelerate ASCVD burden.
OVERLOOKED ASPECTS OF LABORATORY TESTING THAT CAN LEAD TO MISDIAGNOSIS; Laboratory tests with discrete decision limits are often used in clinical guidelines as part of the definition of certain conditions (e.g. diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes, acute coronary syndrome, chronic kidney disease), or serve as a trigger for initiating or changing patient management. Variation of test results around decision and reference limits may result in misclassification of conditions, including overdiagnosis. Clinical guideline teams often overlook the preanalytical, analytical and post-analytical aspects of tests which can grossly influence the clinical performance and interpretation of laboratory results especially around diagnostic cut-offs. We reviewed the literature and carried out modelling studies to investigate the potential impact of these less known variables on diagnostic and patient management decisions. We present examples on 1/how sample collection/transport/and processing can change the diagnosis of gestational diabetes; 2/ how incorrect reference intervals cited in key international guidelines for liver function tests can increase the prevalence of liver disease and generate further unnecessary testing; 3/ how analytical and biological variation of glucose and HbA1c can easily shift patients across decision limits and lead to misdiagnosis or mismanagement of patients with diabetes; 4/how universal decision limits in guidelines can misinform clinical decisions when in practice multiple non-standardised laboratory methods are used for measurement; and 5/how poorly these laboratory testing-related variables are addressed and reported in large trials and guidelines. We propose that guideline development groups include professionals from laboratory medicine especially when a laboratory test is part of a disease definition. Guideline teams should consider the uncertainty of test results due to preanalytical, analytical and postanalytical variations and define a grey zone of results around discrete decision limits for judicious use in clinical practice. Laboratory professionals should inform and educate clinical staff about the uncertainty of test results and constantly improve the performance of their laboratory methods and their pre-and postanalytical performance.
EVALUATION OF THE CLINICAL AND THE RISK FACTORS OF CONGENITAL ANOMALIES OF KIDNEY AND URINARY TRACT IN CHILDREN; Propose and Aims: Congenital Anomalies of the Kidney and Urinary Tract (CAKUT) is the most frequent form of malformation at birth that occur in 1 in 500 live births and represent the cause of 30-60% of childhood-onset and 7% of adult end-stage renal disease worldwide and predispose patients to hypertension and cardiovascular disease throughout life. This study evaluated the prenatal and postnatal characteristics of CAKUT patients and aimed to examine the factors affecting the surgical indications of CAKUT patients. Material and Methods: The current study retrospectively examined the information of patients registered with the diagnosis of CAKUT in a tertiary hospital database. This study analyzed data regarding the patient's antenatal diagnosis age, postnatal radiological findings, the mother and father's clinical characteristics, the mother and father's disease and drug status, and the course of CAKUT in the pediatric population. Results: The study included six hundred fifty-eight children under 18 diagnosed with CAKUT and followed up in Ondokuz Mayis University Faculty of Medicine Department of Pediatric Nephrology. 449 (68.23%) of these cases were interpreted antenatally, and the mean age of diagnosis was 22.14 (SD 3.77) pregnancy weeks. The most common feature was antenatal hydronephrosis (49.1%), and the most common abnormalities in the postnatal period were VUR (15%), agenesis (12%), and UP stenosis (5.9%). There was a decrease in hydronephrosis in 161 (24.5%) patients, complete healing in 96 (14.6%) patients, and no improvement in 200 (30.4%) CAKUT patients. 161 (24.5%) of the 658 CAKUT patients underwent surgery in the long-term follow-up period. The most common reasons for the surgery were UP stenosis (39 patients), VUR (28 patients), UV stenosis (4 patients), ureterocele excision (4 patients), and urethral diverticulum correction (2 patients). Follow-up of the indication for surgery and related conditions revealed that factors such as gender, prematurity, parental consanguinity, maternal gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, maternal/paternal smoking, family history of renal disease, chronic drug use, hypertension did not significantly affect the decision to underwent surgery. The presence of hydronephrosis or any urinary tract and renal abnormality in antenatal, postnatal, and on the 1-2-6-month late follow-up ultrasonographic control are significantly related to surgery indication in CAKUT patients. Conclusion: In our study, approximately 70% of the patients were diagnosed in the antenatal period, and hydronephrosis was the most common CAKUT. About 25% of the patients underwent surgical intervention; the most common cause was ureteropelvic obstruction. The effect of family history and environmental factors were not associated with the clinical course of CAKUT patients. Determination of prognostic factors and close multidisciplinary follow-up of CAKUT, one of the causes of end-stage renal disease, will guide its long- term approach.
THIRD TRY IS THE CHARM: UNANTICIPATED GENERAL ANAESTHESIA FOR C-SECTION IN MYOCARDITIS; Background and Aims We present the case of a 39 weeks parturient, scheduled to an elective c-section due to a myocarditis caused by COVID-19 mRNA vaccination. Methods The myocarditis had developed following her second COVID-19 vaccine during her 29th week of gestation. Her prior history included gestational diabetes, and smoking. She presented with retrosternal pain and nausea, increased troponin, leucocytosis, infra-PR and diffuse ST elevation. Her echocardiogram had an ejection fraction of 55% with apical and inferolateral hypokinesia but the coronarography excluded active coronary disease. She was discharged after 4 days with resolution of symptoms and medicated. After a careful multidisciplinary assessment, an elective c-section at term was decided. Results Myocarditis following COVID-19 vaccination is a rare complication of mRNA vaccines. Because pregnant people are at increased risk of severe disease and obstetrics complications, their vaccination is considered effective and safe. For parturients with myocarditis, caesarean delivery under epidural anaesthesia is considered to be a safer alternative. It avoids the stress of laryngoscopy, tracheal intubation on a potential difficult airway, and the potential problems of mechanical ventilation. In this case, due to a faulty syringe, we could not estimate how much dose of bupivacaine and sufentanil had been injected to the subarachnoid space. Despite careful administration of epidural ropivacaine, a satisfactory blockade could not be obtained. Carefully titrated general anaesthesia had to be induced to avoid cardiovascular depression. The surgery carried out uneventfully, and a healthy new-born was delivered. Conclusions This case shows that despite meticulous technique, unsatisfactory blocks can still occur due to material defect.
Use of digital technologies in public health: a narrative review; Background and aim: Websites, social media networks and mobile applications constitute important communication tools, while simultaneously enabling the population to increase their knowledge of health issues. This study aims to describe digital health experiences in Public Health to examine the different possible uses of digital technologies by Public Health Operators (PHOs) and Health Care Workers (HCWs) and the role these tools play in the efficiency of the health interventions undertaken. Methods: A narrative literature survey was conducted by consulting the PubMed and Scopus databases to find articles relevant to the topic of interest. The selection criteria adopted for manuscript screening involved including the survey studies dealing with the use of digital means such as new media in Public Health, published between 1 January 2012 and 31 May 2021. Results: Based on the keywords, 2,019 manuscripts were identified, of which 45 were included. The articles were grouped according to the digital tool (social media network, mobile application and websites) employed by PHOs and/or HCWs in health promotion initiatives. Specifically, this was broken down into: i) the use of social media in public health: 24 articles, ii) the use of mobile applications: 10 articles, iii) the use of websites: 8 articles and iv) the use of the three digital tools combined: 3 articles. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that digital technologies may play a useful role in Public Health to improve communication between health professionals and patients, provide quality care even remotely and facilitate the achievement of health outcomes for the population from a Health Literacy perspective. (www.actabiomedica.it).
A rare cause of respiratory failure in pregnancy-acute exacerbation of undiagnosed Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis mimicking complication of severe preeclampsia; Respiratory failure occurs in 0.1-0.2% of pregnancy patients. This can be due to pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, asthma, gastric aspiration, and viral pneumonitis. Rarely exacerbation of underlying diseases (like asthma, Interstitial Lung Disease, ILD, etc.) can cause respiratory failure. The underlying disease can be recognized previously or presented as exacerbation in pregnancy for the first time. Respiratory failure leads to harm to both mother and fetus; hence, the cause should be evaluated as soon as possible. Here, we are describing the case of acute exacerbation of Hypersensitivity Pneumonitis (HP) in a pre-eclampsia patient.
Epidemiology of Congenital Heart Disease in Qatar: Preliminary findings from the Sidra Medicine Cardiac Registry.; Background Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common congenital anomalies in newborns. The birth prevalence of CHD across the world is variable, reflecting differences in diagnostic capabilities as well as environmental and/or genetic risk factors between regions. Here, we aim to determine the epidemiology of CHD in Qatar in terms of the magnitude, subtypes, associated risk factors and complications. Methods and results Data for 76 subjects with CHD were extracted from the Sidra cardiac registry database in October 2022. Extracted information for each subject included on age, nationality, gender, CHD diagnosis, outcomes of CHD, and comorbidities. Maternal history for some of the risk factors were also obtained from the registry. Statistical analysis was performed using Chi-Square tests and Fisher’s Exact tests. Most of the subjects were from the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region (52.6%), followed by Southeast Asian (30.3%) and Qatari (14.5%). The three most common CHD types were ventricular septal defect (VSD), Atrial septal defect (ASD), and Transposition of the great arteries (TGA). About 32% subjects were born by parents who are first-degree cousins. This association was statistically significant (P<0.05). About 6.9% subjects in this cohort were born to mothers who had Pre-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. Conclusion The most common CHD type in this study was VSD followed by ASD. The rate of parental consanguinity was generally high among patients with CHDs. The pattern of non-genetic risk factors, comorbidities, and outcomes in patients with CHD was similar to those previously reported in other studies.
Added Predictive Value of Female-Specific Factors and Psychosocial Factors for the Risk of Stroke in Women Under 50; Background and ObjectivesFemale-specific factors and psychosocial factors may be important in the prediction of stroke but are not included in prediction models that are currently used. We investigated whether addition of these factors would improve the performance of prediction models for the risk of stroke in women younger than 50 years.MethodsWe used data from the Stichting Informatievoorziening voor Zorg en Onderzoek, population-based, primary care database of women aged 20-49 years without a history of cardiovascular disease. Analyses were stratified by 10-year age intervals at cohort entry. Cox proportional hazards models to predict stroke risk were developed, including traditional cardiovascular factors, and compared with models that additionally included female-specific and psychosocial factors. We compared the risk models using the c-statistic and slope of the calibration curve at a follow-up of 10 years. We developed an age-specific stroke risk prediction tool that may help communicating the risk of stroke in clinical practice.ResultsWe included 409,026 women with a total of 3,990,185 person-years of follow-up. Stroke occurred in 2,751 women (incidence rate 6.9 [95% CI 6.6-7.2] per 10,000 person-years). Models with only traditional cardiovascular factors performed poorly to moderately in all age groups: 20-29 years: c-statistic: 0.617 (95% CI 0.592-0.639); 30-39 years: c-statistic: 0.615 (95% CI 0.596-0.634); and 40-49 years: c-statistic: 0.585 (95% CI 0.573-0.597). After adding the female-specific and psychosocial risk factors to the reference models, the model discrimination increased moderately, especially in the age groups 30-39 (Δc-statistic: 0.019) and 40-49 years (Δc-statistic: 0.029) compared with the reference models, respectively.DiscussionThe addition of female-specific factors and psychosocial risk factors improves the discriminatory performance of prediction models for stroke in women younger than 50 years.
Parental genetically predicted liability for coronary heart disease and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; Background. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask a woman’s underlying risk for coronary heart disease (CHD). To test this, we estimated associations between genetically predicted liability for CHD and risk of APOs in mothers and their male partners. We hypothesized that associations would be found for women, but not their partners (negative controls). Methods. We studied up to 83,969 women (and up to 55,568 male partners) participating in the Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study or the Trøndelag Health Study with genotyping data and information on history of any APO in their pregnancies (miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, and spontaneous preterm birth). Maternal and paternal genetic risk scores (GRS) for CHD were generated using 148 gene variants (p-value < 5 × 10-8, not in linkage disequilibrium). Associations between GRS for CHD and each APO were determined using logistic regression, adjusting for genomic principal components, in each cohort separately, and combined using fixed effects meta-analysis. Results. One standard deviation increase in the GRS for CHD in women was related to increased risk of any hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.08, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.05-1.10), pre-eclampsia (OR 1.08, 95% CI 1.05-1.11), and small for gestational age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 1.01-1.06). Imprecise associations with lower odds of large for gestational age (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.96 to 1.00) and higher odds of stillbirth (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.98 to 1.11) were suggested. These findings remained consistent after adjusting for number of total pregnancies and the male partners' GRS and restricting analyses to stable couples. Associations for miscarriage, gestational diabetes, and spontaneous preterm birth were close to the null. In male partners, there was weak evidence of an association with spontaneous preterm birth (OR 1.02 [0.99 to 1.05]), but not with other APOs. Conclusions. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small for gestational age and stillbirth unmask women with a genetically predicted existing propensity for CHD. The association of paternal genetically predicted CHD risk with spontaneous preterm birth needs further exploration.
Experiences with an integrated screening programme targeted at women who had a hypertensive disorder or diabetes in pregnancy in the Netherlands: a qualitative study; Objectives Pregnancy is a predictor of women's health later in life. The risk of eventually developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) and/or type 2 diabetes (T2D) increases three to seven times, after pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. The Heart for Women in The Hague project was designed to offer targeted screening to this high-risk population. This research aimed to gather insight regarding the initial experiences of healthcare providers and women with pre-eclampsia, hypertension gravidarum or gestational diabetes. Design and setting This study applied a qualitative semistructured interview design using an interview guide based on € The Consolidated Framework for Implementation Research (CFIR).' Interviews were recorded, transcribed and coded in accordance with the five main CFIR themes. The setting of the study was primary and secondary care in The Hague, the Netherlands. Interviews were carried out from December 2021 until February 2022. The language was Dutch or English. Participants Participants (n=13) were women of the target population (n=7) and relevant healthcare professionals (n=6). Results Healthcare providers and women were generally positive concerning screening. Healthcare providers agreed that this forgotten group deserves attention and felt that the regional transmural agreement (RTA) provided a clear policy. Women stated that they would like screening to continue and were open-minded regarding lifestyle guidance. Reported barriers included current lack of an easy way of contacting the population after a year, lack of knowledge among the women concerning increased risk, unfamiliarity of new colleagues with the RTA and lack of evidence that screening actually prevents disease. Conclusion Implementation of screening programmes to prevent or delay the development of CVD and/or T2D after complicated pregnancies will likely improve awareness in both patients and healthcare providers. Healthcare providers considered the RTA important because it concerns a forgotten high-risk population. Future research should focus on the improved effectiveness of tailored interventions to delay or prevent CVD.
Temporal profile of adverse drug reactions and associated clinical factors: A prospective observational study in a neonatal intensive care unit; Objective Although adverse drug reactions (ADRs) are quite common in hospitalised neonates, pharmacovigilance activities in this public are still incipient. This study aims to characterise ADRs in neonates in a neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), identifying causative drugs, temporal profile and associated factors. Design Prospective observational study. Setting NICU of a public maternity hospital in Natal/Brazil. Participants All neonates admitted to the NICU for more than 24 hours and using at least one medication were followed up during the time of hospitalisation. Primary outcome measures Incidence rate and risk factors for ADRs. The ADRs were detected by an active search in electronic medical records and analysis of spontaneous reports in the hospital pharmacovigilance system. Results Six hundred neonates were included in the study, where 118 neonates had a total of 186 ADRs. The prevalence of ADRs at the NICU was 19.7% (95% CI 16.7% to 23.0%). The most common ADRs were tachycardia (30.6%), polyuria (9.1%) and hypokalaemia (8.6%). Tachycardia (peak incidence rate: 57.1 ADR/1000 neonates) and hyperthermia (19.1 ADR/1000 neonates) predominated during the first 5 days of hospitalisation. The incidence rate of polyuria and hypokalaemia increased markedly after the 20th day, with both reaching a peak of 120.0 ADR/1000 neonates. Longer hospitalisation time (OR 0.018, 95% CI 0.007 to 0.029; p<0.01) and number of prescribed drugs (OR 0.127, 95% CI 0.075 to 0.178; p<0.01) were factors associated with ADRs. Conclusion ADRs are very common in NICU, with tachycardia and hyperthermia predominant in the first week of hospitalisation and polyuria and hypokalaemia from the third week onwards.
Assessment of atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: We aimed to assess atrial conduction time and P-wave dispersion (PWD) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Methods: Thirty patients with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included to the study. Atrial conduction times (PA) were calculated by the time interval from the onset of the P wave on the electrocardiography (ECG) to the onset of the late diastolic flow (Am wave) on echocardiography and from the lateral mitral annulus (PA lateral), septal mitral annulus (PA septum), and right ventricular tricuspid annulus (PA tricuspid). The difference between (PA lateral-PA tricuspid) was defined as interatrial electromechanical delay (EMD); the difference between (PA septum-PA tricuspid) as intra-atrial EMD; and the difference between (PA lateral-PA septal) as intraleft atrial EMD. Results: Mean PWD was higher in GDM (52.7 ± 5.1 ms vs. 28.9 ± 4.2 ms, p < 0.001). PA lateral, PA septal and PA tricuspid were significantly higher in the GDM patients compared to the control group (65.7 ± 4.2 ms vs. 47.7 ± 4.7 ms, p < 0.001; 56.1 ± 3.4 ms vs. 40.8 ± 3.7 ms, p < 0.001 and 48.4 ± 3.9 ms vs. 36.0 ± 3.6 ms, p < 0.001, respectively). Interatrial, intra-atrial, and intraleft atrial EMDs were also significantly higher in the GDM group (median values: 18 ms vs. 12 ms; 10 ms vs 7.5 ms; 8 ms vs. 4 ms, respectively, p < 0.001 for all). There was a positive correlation between intra-atrial delay time and PWD in GDM group (r = 0.39, p = 0.033). Conclusion: We suggest that patients with GDM have higher PWD and higher atrial conduction and EMD times compared to otherwise healthy pregnant control group.
Prevalence and outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus in Indian women: Insights from a large real-world study over ten years at tertiary care research institute; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly noted during the second trimester of pregnancy. There is limited clinical evidence for the diagnosis of GDM during the third trimester of pregnancy, particularly in Indian pregnant women. Objective: To assess and validate the clinically suitable strategy for screening, diagnosis, and monitoring of gestational glucose intolerance (GGI) and GDM during pregnancy in Indian women visiting the tertiary care research institute. Methods: This was a single-center, retrospective epidemiological data analysis of a real-life scenario. Data of Indian pregnant women visiting tertiary care centers were retrieved and analyzed. Analysis was performed for the prevalence of GDM; progression of GGI to GDM; and neonatal outcome. The Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group of India (DIPSI) criteria were used and validated. Results: The data of 20,232 pregnant women over the period of June 2012 to March 2022 was retrieved and analyzed. A total of 2192 pregnant women reported GDM. These women were further analyzed for the prevalence of GGI and progression of GGI to GDM by using DIPSI guidelines. Out of 2192 pregnant women, 49 women lost follow-up. A total of 646 (29.47%), 1149 (52.42%), and 397 (18.11%) pregnant women were diagnosed with GDM during the first, second, and third trimesters, respectively. Almost 47.77% and 14.83% of women with normal blood glucose levels progressed to GDM in the second and third trimesters, respectively. Few women who had GGI in the first trimester progressed to GDM in the second trimester (4.65%) and third trimester (1.69%). Similarly, only 1.6% of women who had GGI in the second trimester progressed to GDM in the third trimester. Neonatal complications were analyzed, and 14 neonatal deaths were noted. Conclusion: The study validated DIPSI guidelines and concluded that DIPSI guidelines are important and clinically relevant for the screening of GDM in resource-limiting settings. The screening of pregnant women for GDM in the third trimester is equally important for the diagnosis, timely management, and prevention of complications. Also, monitoring and treatment of women with GGI play a crucial role to prevent the progression of GGI to GDM.
A comparison in women with newly diagnosed diabetes between those with and without a history of gestational diabetes: a new perspective; Aims: Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) entails increased risk of future diabetes. We describe the characteristics of women with previous GDM and compare with no previous GDM from the cohort Diabetes in Kalmar and Kronoberg (DKK) of 1248 adults, 40% women, with new diabetes, and factors affecting age and C-peptide levels at diagnosis of diabetes. Methods: Age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, BMI, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, smoking, physical activity, and pre-existing myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial insufficiency were registered at ordinary care visits close to diagnosis of diabetes, for the 43 women (9.4% of 456 from DKK with complete data for this analysis) with self-reported previous GDM (yes/no) and 86 controls without it, matched for date of diagnosis of diabetes. Blood samples were centrally analyzed for GADA and C-peptide for classification of diabetes. Results: Women with previous GDM had lower mean age-at-diagnosis of diabetes, 53.4 vs 65.0 years, lower systolic blood pressure (SBP), 131.2 vs 137.5 mmHg, and fewer had pre-existing hypertension than without previous GDM (p < 0.001–0.05). Among antibody negative women with previous GDM, BMI (p = 0.024), hypertension (p = 0.023) and hyperlipidemia (p < 0.001) were associated with higher levels of C-peptide, while physical activity was inversely associated (p = 0.035), and SBP (p = 0.02) and hypertension (p = 0.016) were associated with age-at-diagnosis of diabetes. Conclusions: Women with previous GDM were a decade younger and had lower prevalence of hypertension at diagnosis of diabetes; C-peptide levels were associated with BMI, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia and showed a tendency to be lower, possibly indicating a phenotype with higher risk of overt cardiovascular disease later in life.
Paternal age, risk of congenital anomalies, and birth outcomes: a population-based cohort study; The objective of the study was to explore the impact of paternal age on the risk of congenital anomalies and birth outcomes in infants born in the USA between 2016 and 2021. This retrospective cohort study used data from the National Vital Statistics System (NVSS) database, a data set containing information on live birth in the USA between 2016 and 2021. Newborns were divided into four groups based on their paternal age (< 25, 25–34, 35–44, and > 44 years) and using the 25–34 age group as a reference. The primary outcomes were congenital anomalies involving structural anomalies and chromosome anomalies. Secondary outcomes were preterm birth, low birth weight, severe neonatal perinatal asphyxia, and admission to neonatal intensive care units (NICU). A multivariable logistic regression model was used to analyze the association between paternal age and outcomes. Overall, 17,764,695 live births were included in the final analyses. After adjusting confounding factors, advanced paternal age > 44 years was associated with increased odds of congenital anomalies (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.17, 95%CI 1.12–1.21) compared with the 25–34 age group, mainly for the chromosomal anomalies (aOR = 1.59, 95%CI 1.40–1.78) but not the structure anomalies (aOR = 1.03, 95%CI 0.97–1.09). The risk of preterm delivery, low birth weight, and NICU hospitalization in their infants was increased by advanced parental age as well. Conclusion: Advanced paternal age increases the risk of congenital anomalies, especially chromosomal anomalies in their offspring, implying prenatal genetic counseling is required. What is Known: • There's a rising trend of advanced paternal age, which is associated with an increased likelihood of premature birth and low birth weight in their offspring. However, the exploration between paternal age and congenital abnormalities in offspring was limited and contradictory. What is New: • Infants with a paternal age > 44 years were more likely to be born with congenital anomalies, especially chromosomal anomalies.
Synergistic effect of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and history of gestational diabetes to increase risk of type 2 diabetes; Whether non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) improves risk prediction for subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is uncertain. We examined the combined effects of NAFLD and pGDM on risk prediction for incident T2DM. This retrospective cohort study included 97,347 Korean parous women without diabetes mellitus at baseline whose mean (SD) age was 39.0 (7.8) years. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident T2DM according to self-reported pGDM and ultrasound-diagnosed NAFLD at baseline. When combined with conventional diabetes risk factors, the incremental predictive ability of NAFLD and pGDM to identify incident T2DM was assessed. During a median follow-up of 3.9 years, 1,515 cases of incident T2DM occurred. Multivariable-adjusted HRs (95% confidence intervals [CIs]) for incident T2DM comparing pGDM alone, NAFLD alone, and both NAFLD and pGDM to the reference (neither NAFLD nor pGDM) were 2.61 (2.06–3.31), 2.26 (1.96–2.59), and 6.45 (5.19-8.00), respectively (relative excess risk of interaction = 2.58 [95% CI, 1.21–3.95]). These associations were maintained after adjusting for insulin resistance, body mass index, and other potential confounders as time-dependent covariates. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improved risk prediction for incident T2DM (based on Harrell’s C−index, also known as the concordance index, and net reclassification improvement) compared to conventional diabetes risk factors. In conclusion, NAFLD synergistically increases the risk of subsequent T2DM in women with pGDM. The combination of NAFLD and pGDM improves risk prediction for T2DM.
Is There Any Correlation Between QT Dispersion and Echocardiographic Indices in Term Neonates with and Without Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can cause diastolic dysfunction and asymmetric ventricular septal hypertrophy in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDMs). Ventricular thickness can affect QT interval and other QT parameters. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate and compare the duration of QT, corrected QT (QTc), QT dispersion (QTD), and echocardio-graphic indices in two groups of neonates of mothers with and without GDM. Methods: In this case-control study, 76 term neonates were enrolled. The case group (n = 38) included IGDM, and the control group (n = 38) included neonates born to healthy mothers. The QT, QTD, and QTc were calculated based on electrocardiographic results. Ejection fraction (EF), interventricular septal thickness at the end of diastole (IVSTD), left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD), left ventricular end-systolic diameter (LVESD), and left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPWT) were evaluated by performing echocardiography, and the two groups were compared regarding them. Data were analyzed using SPSS version 21. Results: In this study, neonates’ mean age and weight were 4.18 ± 1.3 days and 3418.16 ± 549.24 grams, respectively. As for the gen-der of neonates, 68.4% in the case group and 47.4% in the control group were female. The two groups had no significant difference regarding age, weight, and sex (P > 0.05). Minimum QTc (QTc min) was significantly higher in the case group (P = 0.046). Consider-ably lower EF and higher IVSTD were found in the case group (P = 0.011 and P = 0.05 respectively). In univariate analysis, echocardio-graphic parameters were not the predictors of QTD (P > 0.05); in multivariate analysis, however, QTD was significantly correlated with LVEDD (P = 0.001) and LVESD (P = 0.015). Conclusions: A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was detected in IGDMs compared to infants of the healthy mothers without any correlation with ECG indices. This involvement was accompanied by relatively decreased EF verified by echocardiography. Most ECG findings, including QTD values, had no linear relationship with echocardiographic parameters except for LVEDD and LVESD.
Expanding the Role of Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Modern Diabetes Care Beyond Type 1 Disease; Application of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) has moved diabetes care from a reactive to a proactive process, in which a person with diabetes can prevent episodes of hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia, rather than taking action only once low and high glucose are detected. Consequently, CGM devices are now seen as the standard of care for people with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Evidence now supports the use of CGM in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) on any treatment regimen, not just for those on insulin therapy. Expanding the application of CGM to include all people with T1DM or T2DM can support effective intensification of therapies to reduce glucose exposure and lower the risk of complications and hospital admissions, which are associated with high healthcare costs. All of this can be achieved while minimizing the risk of hypoglycemia and improving quality of life for people with diabetes. Wider application of CGM can also bring considerable benefits for women with diabetes during pregnancy and their children, as well as providing support for acute care of hospital inpatients who experience the adverse effects of hyperglycemia following admission and surgical procedures, as a consequence of treatment-related insulin resistance or reduced insulin secretion. By tailoring the application of CGM for daily or intermittent use, depending on the patient profile and their needs, one can ensure the cost-effectiveness of CGM in each setting. In this article we discuss the evidence-based benefits of expanding the use of CGM technology to include all people with diabetes, along with a diverse population of people with non-diabetic glycemic dysregulation.
Renal hyperfiltration revisited—Role of the individual body surface area on mortality; Background: Higher than normal estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), i.e. renal hyperfiltration (RHF), has been associated with mortality. Methods: A population-based screening program in Finland identified 1747 apparently healthy middle-aged cardiovascular risk subjects in 2005–2007. GFR was estimated with the creatinine-based Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) equation indexed for 1.73 m2 and for the actual body surface area (BSA) of the subjects. This individually corrected eGFR was calculated as eGFR (ml/min/BSA m2) = eGFR (ml/min/1.73 m2) x (BSA/1.73). BSA was calculated by the Mosteller formula. RHF was defined as eGFR of more than 1.96 SD above the mean eGFR of healthy individuals. All-cause mortality was obtained from the national registry. Results: The higher the eGFR, the greater was the discrepancy between the two GFR estimating equations. During the 14 years of follow-up, 230 subjects died. There were no differences in mortality rates between the categories of individually corrected eGFR (p = 0.86) when adjusted for age, sex, body mass index, systolic BP, total cholesterol, new diabetes, current smoking, and alcohol use. The highest eGFR category was associated with increased standardized mortality rate (SMR) when CKD-EPI formula indexed for 1.73 m2 was used, but SMR was at the population level when individually corrected eGFR was applied. Conclusions: Higher than normal eGFR calculated by the creatinine-based CKD-EPI equation is associated with all-cause mortality when indexed to 1.73 m2, but not when indexed to actual BSA of a person. This challenges the current perception of the harmfulness of RHF in apparently healthy individuals.
Effect of glycemic control on fetal hearts of pregestational diabetic women by tissue doppler and M-mode imaging; Objective: To determine whether changes in fetal heart function according to glycemic control in pregnant women with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes using spectral tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and M-mode imaging. Methods: This study included 68 pregestational diabetic women (DM) at 30–32 gestational weeks. All participants were divided into two groups: type 1(n = 17) and type 2(n = 51), and then these groups were divided into the subgroups as well-controlled and poorly controlled, according to fasting glucose (FG) and 1-h postprandial glucose (PPG) values. Cardiac parameters were compared for well- and poorly-controlled groups with TDI and M-mode imaging. The correlation of cardiac parameters with FG, PPG, and HbA1c values was evaluated. Their roles in predicting neonatal outcomes were also assessed. Results: Thickness measurements, early diastolic annular peak velocity (E’), late diastolic annular peak velocity (A’), tissue isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT’), and tissue myocardial performance index (MPI’) were increased in both poorly controlled groups. Tissue ejection time (ET') was significantly reduced in the poorly controlled groups, while tissue isovolumetric contraction time (ICT') was not significantly changed in any group. Tricuspid, mitral, and septal annular plane excursions (TAPSE, MAPSE, and SAPSE, respectively) were significantly decreased in all poorly controlled subgroups. E', E'/A’, MPI’, IRT', ET', and M-mode imaging parameters significantly correlated with FG notably. Conclusion: Maternal hyperglycemia leads to subtle changes in systolic and diastolic functions both in the interventricular septum and ventricles, so it is essential to ensure glycemic control in both Type 1 and Type 2 DM.
Research Progress of Maternal Metabolism on Cardiac Development and Function in Offspring; The developmental origin of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis refers to the adverse effects of suboptimal developmental environments during embryonic and early fetal stages on the long-term health of offspring. Intrauterine metabolic perturbations can profoundly impact organogenesis in offspring, particularly affecting cardiac development and giving rise to potential structural and functional abnormalities. In this discussion, we contemplate the existing understanding regarding the impact of maternal metabolic disorders, such as obesity, diabetes, or undernutrition, on the developmental and functional aspects of the offspring’s heart. This influence has the potential to contribute to the susceptibility of offspring to cardiovascular health issues. Alteration in the nutritional milieu can influence mitochondrial function in the developing hearts of offspring, while also serving as signaling molecules that directly modulate gene expression. Moreover, metabolic disorders can exert influence on cardiac development-related genes epigenetically through DNA methylation, levels of histone modifications, microRNA expression, and other factors. However, the comprehensive understanding of the mechanistic underpinnings of these phenomena remains incomplete. Further investigations in this domain hold profound clinical significance, as they can contribute to the enhancement of public health and the prevention of cardiovascular diseases.
Familial Partial Lipodystrophy: Clinical Features, Genetics and Treatment in a Greek Referral Center; Familial partial lipodystrophy (FPLD) is a rare syndrome in which a patient’s phenotype is not merely dependent on the specific genetic mutation, but it is also defined by a combination of other demographic, environmental and genetic factors. In this prospective observational study in a Greek referral center, we enrolled 39 patients who fulfilled the clinical criteria of FPLD. A genetic analysis was conducted, which included sequence and deletion/duplication analyses of the LMNA and PPRARG genes, along with anthropometric and metabolic parameters. The treatment responses of patients who were eligible for treatment with metreleptin were evaluated at 3 and 12 months. In most of the patients, no significant changes were detected at the exon level, and any mutations that led to changes at the protein level were not associated with the lipodystrophic phenotype. On the contrary, various changes were detected at the intron level, especially in introns 7 and 10, whose clinical significance is considered unknown. In addition, treatment with metreleptin in specific FPLD patients significantly improved glycemic and lipidemic control, an effect which was sustained at the 12-month follow-up. More large-scale studies are necessary to clarify the genetic and allelic heterogeneity of the disease, along with other parameters which could predict treatment response.
Intracranial hemorrhages in infants of diabetic mothers: A national cohort study; Objective: To assess the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) with intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) and other intracranial hemorrhages (ICH) in newborns. Study design: We analyzed the National Inpatient Sample dataset and compared prevalence of IVH and other subtypes of ICH in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) vs. those born to mothers without DM. Regression models were used to control for demographic and clinical confounding variables. Result: A total of 11,318,691 infants were included. Compared to controls, IDMs had increased prevalence of IVH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.12–1.23, p < 0.001) and other ICH (aOR = 1.18, CI: 1.07–1.31, p = 0.001). Severe IVH (grades 3 & 4) was encountered less frequently in IDMs (aOR = 0.75, CI: 0.66–0.85, p < 0.001) than controls. Gestational DM was not associated with increased IVH after controlling for the demographic, clinical and perinatal confounders in the logistic regression model (aOR = 1.04, CI: 0.98–1.11, p = 0.22). Conclusion: Chronic maternal DM is associated with increased neonatal IVH and other ICH but not severe IVH. This association needs to be confirmed in further studies.
Fetal Cardiac Hemodynamic and Sonographic Anomalies in Maternal COVID-19 Infection Depending on Vaccination Status—Polish Multicenter Cohort Study; Most obstetrical studies have focused on maternal response to the SARS-CoV-2 virus but much less is known about the effect of COVID-19 on fetal physiology. We aimed to evaluate the effect of the maternal SARS-CoV-2 infection on the fetal homeostasis with the use of detailed ultrasonography and echocardiography and consideration of the effect of vaccination. This was a multi-center study of fetuses who had prenatal detailed ultrasound and echocardiographic examinations performed by fetal cardiology specialists. The subjects were divided based on the COVID vaccination status (vaccinated women who did not have COVID-group V, unvaccinated women who had COVID-group UV, and unvaccinated women who did not have COVID-control group). We evaluated the ultrasound and echocardiography results obtained. The study group included 237 gravidas from four prenatal cardiology centers. In the group of fetuses with normal heart anatomy, normal cardiovascular function had 147 (81%) fetuses and functional cardiovascular anomalies were present in 35 (19%) cases. Functional cardiovascular anomalies were present in 11 (16%) fetuses in the V group, 19 (47%) fetuses in the UV group and 5 (8%) fetuses in the control group (p < 0.01). There were 56 (24%) fetuses with extracardiac anomalies. Extracardiac anomalies were present in 20 (22%) fetuses in the V group, 22 (45%) fetuses of the UV group and in 14 (14%) fetuses in the control group (p < 0.01). Our study has proved that maternal COVID-19 infection can affect the fetal physiology and mild cardiac and extracardiac markers detected by fetal ultrasonography and echocardiography. Moreover, maternal vaccination results in lower occurrence of these findings in fetuses.
Paediatric survivors beyond infancy with Stüve-Wiedemann syndrome – A case series from the West Midlands, UK; Stüve-Wiedemann Syndrome (STWS) is an autosomal recessive condition caused by variants in the LIFR gene, presenting with respiratory failure, hyperthermia and skeletal dysplasia in the neonatal period. Historically identified as a lethal condition, more children are now managed holistically from early in life with multidisciplinary team involvement with improved outcomes. This stems from early diagnosis, supported by molecular testing in the pre and postnatal periods. This report includes five such cases with survival in childhood to 10 years old in the UK affected by skeletal abnormalities, hyperthermia, respiratory distress and their diagnostic odyssey. All cases have a molecular diagnosis; two patients (family 1) were found to be homozygous for a novel pathogenic LIFR variant NM_002310.5:c.704G > A, p.(Trp235Ter). One patient (family 2) is compound heterozygous with the previously reported LIFR variant NM_002310.5:c.756dup p.(Lys253Ter), and a second novel variant NM_002310.5:c.397+5G > A. Two patients (family 3) are homozygous for one of the same LIFR variants NM_002310.5:c.756dup p.(Lys253Ter) as in family 2. This report discusses genotypic and phenotypic data for five patients with STWS, as well as the need for multi-disciplinary, proactive management and genetic counselling.
Charting the Path: Navigating Embryonic Development to Potentially Safeguard against Congenital Heart Defects; Congenital heart diseases (CHDs) are structural or functional defects present at birth due to improper heart development. Current therapeutic approaches to treating severe CHDs are primarily palliative surgical interventions during the peri- or prenatal stages, when the heart has fully developed from faulty embryogenesis. However, earlier interventions during embryonic development have the potential for better outcomes, as demonstrated by fetal cardiac interventions performed in utero, which have shown improved neonatal and prenatal survival rates, as well as reduced lifelong morbidity. Extensive research on heart development has identified key steps, cellular players, and the intricate network of signaling pathways and transcription factors governing cardiogenesis. Additionally, some reports have indicated that certain adverse genetic and environmental conditions leading to heart malformations and embryonic death may be amendable through the activation of alternative mechanisms. This review first highlights key molecular and cellular processes involved in heart development. Subsequently, it explores the potential for future therapeutic strategies, targeting early embryonic stages, to prevent CHDs, through the delivery of biomolecules or exosomes to compensate for faulty cardiogenic mechanisms. Implementing such non-surgical interventions during early gestation may offer a prophylactic approach toward reducing the occurrence and severity of CHDs.
Pre-Eclampsia: From Etiology and Molecular Mechanisms to Clinical Tools—A Review of the Literature; Pre-eclampsia is a severe pregnancy-related complication that manifests as a syndrome with multisystem involvement and damage. It has significantly grown in frequency during the past 30 years and could be considered as one of the major causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. However, the specific etiology and molecular mechanisms of pre-eclampsia are still poorly known and could have a variety of causes, such as altered angiogenesis, inflammations, maternal infections, obesity, metabolic disorders, gestational diabetes, and autoimmune diseases. Perhaps the most promising area under investigation is the imbalance of maternal angiogenic factors and its effects on vascular function, though studies in placental oxidative stress and maternal immune response have demonstrated intriguing findings. However, to determine the relative importance of each cause and the impact of actions aiming to significantly reduce the incidence of this illness, more research is needed. Moreover, it is necessary to better understand the etiologies of each subtype of pre-eclampsia as well as the pathophysiology of other major obstetrical syndromes to identify a clinical tool able to recognize patients at risk of pre-eclampsia early.
The effect of coronavirus infection (COVID19) on fetomaternal blood flow at term; Aim: The aim of this study is to evaluate maternal and fetal blood flow parameters of term pregnant women who had recovered from COVID-19 during pregnancy. Material and Methods: The study was conducted on 100 term pregnant women followed at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Health Sciences, Erzurum Regional Training and Research Hospital, Erzurum, Turkey. All of these pregnant women agreed to participate in the study. Two groups were formed. Patients with a term pregnancy who had a positive reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection at any week of pregnancy, who later recovered, were included in the study group (Group 1). The control group (Group 2) consisted of 50 healthy term pregnant women. Smokers, alcohol users, multiple pregnancies, complicated pregnancies (such as preeclampsia, fetal malformation, gestational diabetes, placenta previa), and those with a pregnancy below 37 weeks were not included. First, a routine ultrasound examination was performed on all pregnant women. Then, the umbilical artery, uterine artery, and middle cerebral artery pulsatility index (PI), resistance index (RI), and systole/diastole ratios (S/D) were recorded using Doppler ultrasonography. Obtained data and results were compared between groups using the independent T-test. Results: Demographic characteristics of the groups were similar. There was no difference between the groups in terms of maternal and fetal blood flow parameters. Discussion: In this current study, fetal and maternal blood flow parameters of term pregnant women who recovered and did not have coronavirus infection during pregnancy were compared. The uterine, umbilical and mid cerebral artery blood flow parameters of the participants were observed to be similar.
Overview of pregnancy in solid-organ transplantation; Purpose of reviewPregnancy in solid organ transplantation (SOT) is a very complex part of transplant medicine wherein there is scarce information available in the literature. Solid organ transplant recipients often have comorbidities, such as hypertension and diabetes, which add additional risk to a pregnancy.Recent findingsWe present this review article on the various aspects of different types of immunosuppressant medications used in pregnancy with added inputs on contraception and fertility after transplant. We described the antepartum and postpartum considerations and discussed the adverse effects of the immunosuppressive medications. Maternal and fetal complications of each SOT have been also discussed in this article.SummaryThis article will serve as the primary review articles for the use of immunosuppressive medications during pregnancy with consideration during pregnancy after SOT.
Root causes of long-term complications of gestational diabetes mellitus: Metabolic disturbances of the host and gut microbiota; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses a risk of short-term and long-term complications for both mother and fetus. However, there is a lack of consensus on the screening approach and pathophysiology of GDM. Methods: Women were screened at 24 to 28 weeks gestation using the one-step screening approach and serum samples were collected for metabolomics based on 1H NMR spectroscopy. A random forest classifier was developed to evaluate its diagnostic efficacy on GDM. Results: Serum metabolic fingerprints of women with GDM differed significantly from those with normoglycemic. Of the 59 differential metabolites identified, 25 were well-known risk metabolites associated with type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases, such as branched-chain amino acids and trimethylamine N-oxide. In addition, most of the differential metabolites were microbial metabolites or could be metabolized by gut microbes. The correlation between serum metabolites and maternal 75 g OGTT glucose values supported the establishment of a random forest classifier, which selected 21 metabolites to predict GDM with an AUC of 0.988. Conclusions: Metabolic disturbances in the host and gut microbiota may be a persistent contributor to the risk of developing type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases in GDM. Targeting microbiota is one intervention that needs to be considered.
Birth Weight in Consecutive Pregnancies and Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Mortality Among Spontaneous and Iatrogenic Term Births: A Population-Based Cohort Study; Knowledge on the association between offspring birth weight and long-term risk of maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality is often based on firstborn infants without consideration of women’s consecutive births. We studied long-term CVD mortality according to offspring birth weight patterns among women with spontaneous and iatrogenic term deliveries in Norway (1967–2020). We constructed birth weight quartiles (Qs) by combining standardized birth weight with gestational age in quartiles (Q1, Q2/Q3, and Q4) for the women’s first 2 births. Mortality was estimated using Cox regression and expressed as hazard ratios (HRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Changes in offspring birth weight quartiles were associated with long-term maternal CVD mortality. Compared with women who had 2 term infants in Q2/Q3, women with a first offspring in Q2/Q3 and a second in Q1 had higher mortality risk (HR = 1.33, 95% CI: 1.18, 1.50), while risk was lower if the second offspring was in Q4 (HR = 0.78, 95% CI: 0.67, 0.91). The risk increase associated with having a first infant in Q1 was eliminated if the second offspring was in Q4 (HR = 0.99, 95% CI: 0.75, 1.31). These patterns were similar for women with iatrogenic and spontaneous deliveries. Inclusion of information from subsequent births revealed heterogeneity in maternal CVD mortality which was not captured when using only information based on the first offspring.
Obesity affects maternal and neonatal HDL metabolism and function; Background and Aims: Pre-gravid obesity is one of the major risk factors for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), increased risk of congenital heart defects in their children, and premature death from cardiovascular events. However, the biological mechanisms, which underpin these adverse outcomes, are not well understood. High-density lipoproteins (HDL) are anti-atherogenic by promoting efflux of cholesterol from macrophages and suppression of inflammation. Functional impairment of HDL in obese and GDM-complicated pregnancies may have long-term effects on maternal and fetal health. In the present study, we assessed metrics of HDL function in sera of overweight/obese pregnant women and in cord blood at delivery. Methods: In this study, 186 obese and 34 normal weight women were included. We assessed arylesterase-activity of PON1, LCAT activity, HDL cholesterol efflux capacity, and anti-oxidative-capacity of maternal serum and in cord blood. Results: We observed that pre-gravid obesity was associated with impaired serum anti-oxidative capacity and LCAT activity in both mothers and offspring, whereas maternal cholesterol efflux capacity was increased. Functionalities of maternal and fetal HDL correlated robustly. Gestational diabetes did not further alter HDL functionality in obese women. Conclusions: Obesity affects functional parameters of HDL in mothers and children. We observed that serum antioxidant capacity was significantly reduced in obese mothers and their offspring. Maternal and fetal HDL-related functions correlate between mothers and their children.Gestational diabetes did not significantly further alter the parameters of HDL functionality in obese women, so obesity itself appears to have a major impact on HDL functionality in mothers and their offspring.
Fetal congenital heart diseases: Diagnosis by anatomical scans, echocardiography and genetic tests; Objective: To determine the distribution of major fetal congenital heart diseases (CHDs) diagnosed antenatally during routine second-trimester obstetric anatomical scans in an unselected population at a single tertiary centre and to characterise and stratify risk factors, genetic diagnosis and long-term health at 4 years old. Method: A single-centre cohort study of all major fetal CHDs detected on routine obstetric fetal anatomical ultrasound scans between January 2014 and December 2017 was performed in an unselected population. Demographic details, fetal echocardiogram reports, genetic test results, delivery outcomes and postnatal progress were stratified by CHD subtype. Results: Of 20,031 screened pregnancies, 109 pregnancies (0.53%) had major fetal CHDs. The most common subtypes were coarctation of aorta (17.4%), transposition of great arteries (16.5%), and tetralogy of Fallot and univentricular hearts (13.8% each). Of the 60.5% that underwent confirmatory genetic testing—mostly conventional karyotyping and testing for 22q11 microdeletion—about a quarter had abnormalities, of which 22q microdeletion was the most common. We had complete obstetric data in 85 pregnancies (78%), of which 76.5% progressed to live birth. Among these, 92.1% of postnatal echocardiograms concurred with antenatal ones. At 4 years old, 43.2% of offspring had no medical or developmental issues, 20.0% had mild medical or developmental issues, 21.5% had major medical or developmental issues, and 12.3% had deceased. Conclusion: Fetal echocardiograms accurately diagnose CHDs. Future studies should evaluate the roles of chromosomal microarray and next-generation sequencing in diagnosing CHD.
Minimum effective dose of oxytocin bolus during the caesarean section for patients at high vs low risk of uterine atony: A non-randomized, dual-arm, dose-finding prospective trial; Background and Aims: There are scanty data for oxytocin dose in patients at high risk of uterine atony. We aimed to compare the effective dose (ED) 90 of oxytocin for adequate uterine tone during the caesarean section in patients at high-risk vs low-risk uterine atony. Methods: This dose-finding study was undertaken after ethical approval in non-labouring women aged >18 years with pre-defined risk factors for uterine atony (high-risk group) vs those without such factors (low-risk group) (n = 39 each). Starting dose of oxytocin in the first patient of low-risk and high-risk groups was 1 and 3 IU, respectively. Achieving adequate uterine tone at 3 min of oxytocin bolus was designated 'success', while inadequate tone constituted 'failure'. If the response was 'failure', the dose of oxytocin was increased for the next patient by 0.5 or 0.2 IU (high- and low-risk groups, respectively). In case of a successful response, the dose for the next patient was decreased with a probability of 1/9 using the same dosing intervals or otherwise kept unchanged. Results: The ED90 (95% CI) of oxytocin bolus was 4.7 (3.3-6.0) IU for the high-risk group and 2.2 (1.3-3.2) IU for the low-risk group (P = 0.044). Oxytocin-associated tachycardia (P = 0.247) and hypotension (P = 0.675) were clinically greater for the high-risk vs low-risk group but statistically similar. Conclusion: Non-labouring patients with high-risk factors for uterine atony require a greater dose of initial oxytocin bolus to achieve adequate uterine tone during the caesarean section compared to those without risk factors.
Guidelines and Recommendations for Laboratory Analysis in the Diagnosis and Management of Diabetes Mellitus; BACKGROUND: Numerous laboratory tests are used in the diagnosis and management of diabetes mellitus. The quality of the scientific evidence supporting the use of these assays varies substantially. APPROACH: An expert committee compiled evidence-based recommendations for laboratory analysis in screening, diagnosis, or monitoring of diabetes. The overall quality of the evidence and the strength of the recommendations were evaluated. The draft consensus recommendations were evaluated by invited reviewers and presented for public comment. Suggestions were incorporated as deemed appropriate by the authors (see Acknowledgments). The guidelines were reviewed by the Evidence Based Laboratory Medicine Committee and the Board of Directors of the American Association of Clinical Chemistry and by the Professional Practice Committee of the American Diabetes Association. CONTENT: Diabetes can be diagnosed by demonstrating increased concentrations of glucose in venous plasma or increased hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c) in the blood. Glycemic control is monitored by the people with diabetes measuring their own blood glucose with meters and/or with continuous interstitial glucose monitoring (CGM) devices and also by laboratory analysis of Hb A1c. The potential roles of noninvasive glucose monitoring, genetic testing, and measurement of ketones, autoantibodies, urine albumin, insulin, proinsulin, and C-peptide are addressed. SUMMARY: The guidelines provide specific recommendations based on published data or derived from expert consensus. Several analytes are found to have minimal clinical value at the present time, and measurement of them is not recommended.
A RARE CASE OF THROMBUS IN TRANSIT THROUGH A PATENT FORAMEN OVALE; Case Report: Case Description: A 39-year-old African American female, with a past medical history of gestational diabetes and anemia, presented with chest pain, cough, and worsening shortness of breath for the past 2 days. She had a provoked deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism about 10 years ago, in the setting of Achilles tendon repair (for which she received 6 months of anticoagulation). On presentation, she was 6 weeks postpartum after a normal vaginal delivery and had tested positive for COVID 8 days prior. In the emergency department, she was hypotensive, tachypnoeic, and hypoxic. Systemic examination was unremarkable. Laboratory studies showed significantly elevated D-dimer and mildly increased troponin. EKG showed sinus tachycardia, right bundle branch block, and S1Q3T3 pattern. The patient was subsequently diagnosed with a massive acute pulmonary embolism with some degree of right heart strain on computed tomography angiography of the chest, for which she underwent IR-guided bilateral suction thrombectomy. Later transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) performed with an apical four-chamber view demonstrated about a 4 cm serpiginous mass extending from the left atrium into the left ventricle, which was thought to be a thrombus in transit. The patient remained hemodynamically stable and was initiated on an intravenous heparin drip. A multidisciplinary approach was adopted. Hematology, cardiology, and cardiothoracic surgery were consulted, and after thorough discussions, the patient was deemed very high risk for surgery and was maintained on a heparin drip. Serial TTE over the following days showed decreasing thrombus size and then a TEE 8 days post-diagnosis, demonstrated a PFO however no thrombus was visualized. The patient was transitioned to DOACS and later discharged home, with a plan to follow up with CT surgery for possible closure of the PFO with an atrial occluder at a later date. Discussion: Thrombus-in-transit (TIT) is a rare finding that is defined as a right heart thrombus that is unattached to any intracardiac structure. TIT crossing a patent foramen ovale in the context of pulmonary embolism is even rarer and is associated with a high morbidity and mortality rate. Diagnosis of this entity has been reported almost exclusively with an echocardiogram. Surgery is the most successful therapeutic option and appears to provide the most definitive therapy, including the closure of the right-to-left heart communication. Resolution of thrombus using only anticoagulants or thrombolytics is a reasonable alternative in patients deemed unfit for surgery. Owing to its high mortality, we emphasize the need for heightened suspicion and active search for TIT in patients with pulmonary embolism and stroke. (Figure Presented).
AN EXPLORATION OF THE ADIPOSE TISSUE OVERFLOW HYPOTHESIS BETWEEN WHITE BRITISH AND PAKISTANI CHILDREN: RESULTS FROM THE BORN IN BRADFORD COHORT STUDY; Background South Asian populations are known to be at an increased risk of non-communicable diseases, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Both greater central adiposity and total higher adiposity for a given BMI compared to White peers may be related to differences. This study aims to explore the adipose tissue overflow hypothesis of Sniderman et. al, which proposes that, compared to White Europeans, South Asians have comparatively small, peripheral, superficial subcutaneous adipose tissue depots in children given the relative paucity of evidence to date. Methods Skinfold measurements from the subscapular, triceps and thighs were collected at 6-41 months from White British (N= 561) and Pakistani (N = 651) ethnic background infants from a subset of the Born in Bradford study, a multi-ethnic cohort based in the North of England. Linear spline models of skinfold growth for all three sites were developed, and results indicated best fitting knot placements were at 13 and 21 months for subscapular skinfolds, 11 and 23 months for triceps skinfolds, and 13 and 16 months for thigh skinfolds. Separate trajectories were created for each ethnic and sex group and models were adjusted for potential confounders such as birthweight, length of gestation and gestational diabetes. Results White British boys had lower skinfold values at six months than Pakistani boys for subscapular skinfolds (mean difference -0.16 mm (95% C.I.-0.24 to -0.08) whilst having higher triceps, 0.51 mm (95% C.I. 0.38 to 0.65) and thigh skinfolds (0.53 mm (95% C.I. 0.25 to 0.80). White British girls also had lower subscapular skinfolds (-0.50 mm (95% C.I.-0.57 to -0.40); and greater triceps compared with Pakistani girls (0.31 mm (95% C.I. 0.16 to 0.46)), but unlike in males, had lower thigh skinfolds (-0.81 mm (-1.13 to -0.50)) compared to Pakistani girls. The modelled trajectories of triceps and thigh skinfold showed higher mean values for White British children compared to Pakistani children of both sexes, from 7 months onwards, though the estimated magnitude of these ethnic differences was larger for triceps. In contrast mean subscapular skinfold trajectories tracked very similarly by sex group, and showed no consistent ethnic differences. Conclusion The results of our study provide some support for the adipose tissue overflow hypothesis in early life, with our findings showing South Asians on average having smaller fat compartments at the periphery and larger truncal deposits. Our findings require confirmation in larger cohorts, and further elucidation of the longer term cardiometabolic impacts of these early life adiposity site differences.
Reintubation Rate between Nasal High-Frequency Oscillatory Ventilation versus Synchronized Nasal Intermittent Positive Pressure Ventilation in Neonates: A Parallel Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: Nasal high-frequency oscillatory ventilation (nHFOV) and synchronized nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation (sNIPPV) were the new modes of noninvasive ventilation. This study's aim was to clarify as to which of the nHFOV and sNIPPV modes was superior in preventing postextubation failure or reintubation in neonates. Study Design: An open-label parallel randomized study was performed. Extubated preterm and term neonates were randomly allocated into nHFOV or sNIPPV modes; the reintubation rate was evaluated within 7 days after extubation between the two modes. Subgroup analyses were performed for preterm (gestational age <37 weeks) and very preterm (gestational age <32 weeks) neonates. The sample calculation was 1,050 neonates; however, this trial was stopped early as enrollment was too slow. Results: From July 2020 to June 2022, 202 neonates were assessed for eligibility and 69 neonates were excluded. Finally, 133 neonates were randomly allocated to the study interventions (nHFOV = 67, sNIPPV = 66). The median gestational age and birth weight were 33 (30-37) weeks and 1,910 (1,355-2,836) g, respectively. The reintubation rate within 7 days did not significantly differ between the groups (nHFOV [5/67, 7%] vs. sNIPPV [4/66, 6%]); risk difference [95% confidence interval] = 0.01 [-0.08 to 0.11]; p = 0.99), including preterm (nHFOV [4/55, 7%] vs. sNIPPV [3/44, 7%]) and very preterm (nHFOV [3/25, 12%] vs. sNIPPV [3/25, 12%]) neonates. Conclusion: After neonatal extubation, there was no significant difference of reintubation rates within 7 days between nHFOV and sNIPPV. This trial has been registered in the ClinicalTrials.gov database (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04323397). First posted registration on March 26, 2020.
Evaluation of subclinical atherosclerosis and cardiac functions in children of mothers with gestational diabetes and maternal obesity; Background and aims: We aimed to evaluate the effects of maternal obesity or gestational diabetes on body composition, lipid, and glucose metabolism, arterial morphology, and functions in children, and to investigate these effects in terms of cardiometabolic diseases. Methods: The study group was composed of 48 children who had a history of gestational diabetes or maternal obesity, and the control group was composed of 33 children. Echocardiographic assessments were performed. Socio-economic status and education level of mothers were obtained. Results: In the study group, carotid intima-media thickness, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and arterial stiffness values were found to be significantly higher compared to the control group (p < 0.001, p < 0.001, p = 0.003, respectively), while arterial distensibility and arterial strain values were found to be significantly lower (p = 0.003, p = 0.008, respectively). Among the children who had similar body mass index in both groups, children in the study group had higher carotid intima-media thickness and epicardial adipose tissue thickness values. Arterial stiffness values were significantly reduced (p = 0.028) and arterial distensibility and strain values were significantly increased (p = 0.039, p = 0.033, respectively) in the children whose mothers had gestational diabetes and high socio-economic status. Left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic internal thickness were found to be significantly increased in the children who had obese and unemployed mothers (p = 0.04, p = 0.03, respectively). Conclusion: Low socio-economic status was found to be associated with increased maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Poor socio-economic status, poor glycaemic control and being overweight during pregnancy indicate negative cardiometabolic outcomes for children in the long term.
Incidence of Neonatal Seizures in China Based on Electroencephalogram Monitoring in Neonatal Neurocritical Care Units; Importance: Neonatal seizures pose a significant challenge in critical care, and continuous video electroencephalography (cEEG) monitoring holds promise for early detection of seizures. However, large-scale data on the incidence of neonatal seizures and monitoring systems in China are lacking. Objectives: To determine the incidence of neonatal seizures in infants with high risk in China. Design, Setting, and Participants: A large, cross-sectional multicenter study was conducted from January 2017 to December 2018 in the neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) of 7 tertiary medical centers in China. Neonates with high risk were included, and cEEG monitoring was conducted. Data were collected between January 1, 2017, and January 31, 2020. The data were analyzed between January 2021 and January 2022. Main Outcomes and Measures: The incidence of neonatal seizures, categorized by etiology, and seizure burden. Results: A total of 20310 neonates with high risk were included (10495 [51.7%] male; mean [SD] postmenstrual age, 37.7 [3.7] weeks), and seizures were observed in 3423 infants (16.9%). The highest proportion of seizures was attributed to acute neonatal encephalopathy (1448 [42.3%]). The incidence of seizures decreased with postmenstrual age and birth weight, with the highest occurrence observed in neonates with postmenstrual age of less than 28 weeks (237 of 879 [27.0%]) or birth weight of less than 1.0 kg (269 of 914 [29.4%]). Preterm infants had a higher proportion of moderate and severe seizure burdens compared with full-term infants (moderate severity: 248 of 1199 [20.7%] vs 454 of 2224 [20.4%]), but no significant differences were observed in etiology. Seizure burden was highest with genetic syndromes (49 of 188 [26.1%]), central nervous system malformations (33 of 127 [26.0%]), and inborn errors of metabolism (27 of 113 [23.9%]). During hospitalization, 7.8% of neonates with seizures died (267 neonates), with 81.3% of these cases having a moderate or severe seizure burden (217 neonates). Mortality was generally higher in preterm vs full-term infants (98 of 1199 [8.2%] vs 169 of 2224 [7.6%]) and increased with the severity of seizure burden (217 of 267 neonates with moderate or severe burden [81.3%]). Conclusions and Relevance: This cross-sectional study of neonatal seizures underscores the substantial burden seizures pose to high-risk infants with brain injury in China, particularly those who are born prematurely or who have congenital conditions..
Trends in Cardiovascular Health Counseling among Postpartum Individuals; Importance: Poor prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH) and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are key risk factors for subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) in birthing adults. The postpartum visit offers an opportunity to promote CVH among at-risk individuals. Objective: To determine prevalence, predictors, and trends in self-reported CVH counseling during the postpartum visit. Design, Setting, and Participants: Serial, cross-sectional analysis of data from 2016-2020 from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (PRAMS), a nationally representative, population-based survey. The primary analysis included individuals who attended a postpartum visit 4 to 6 weeks after delivery with available data on receipt of CVH counseling, self-reported prepregnancy CVD risk factors (obesity, diabetes, and hypertension), and APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth) (N = 167705 [weighted N = 8714459]). Exposures: Total number of CVD risk factors (0, 1, or ≥2 prepregnancy risk factors or APOs). Main Outcomes and Measures: Annual, age-adjusted prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling per 100 individuals, defined as receipt of counseling for healthy eating, exercise, and losing weight gained during pregnancy, was calculated overall and by number of CVD risk factors. Average annual percent change (APC) assessed trends in CVH counseling from 2016 through 2020. Data were pooled to calculate rate ratios (RRs) for counseling that compared individuals with and without CVD risk factors after adjustment for age, education, postpartum insurance, and delivery year. Results: From 2016 through 2020, prevalence of self-reported postpartum CVH counseling declined from 56.2 to 52.8 per 100 individuals among those with no CVD risk factors (APC, -1.4% [95% CI, -1.8% to -1.0%/y]), from 58.5 to 57.3 per 100 individuals among those with 1 risk factor (APC, -0.7% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.1%/y]), and from 61.9 to 59.8 per 100 individuals among those with 2 or more risk factors (APC, -0.8% [95% CI, -1.3% to -0.3%/y]). Reporting receipt of counseling was modestly higher among individuals with 1 risk factor (RR, 1.05 [95% CI, 1.04 to 1.07]) and with 2 or more risk factors (RR, 1.11 [95% CI, 1.09 to 1.13]) compared with those who had no risk factors. Conclusions and Relevance: Approximately 60% of individuals with CVD risk factors or APOs reported receiving CVH counseling at their postpartum visit. Prevalence of reporting CVH counseling decreased modestly over 5 years.
A randomised controlled trial of preconception lifestyle intervention on maternal and offspring health in people with increased risk of gestational diabetes: study protocol for the BEFORE THE BEGINNING trial; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for type 2 diabetes in the mother and cardiometabolic diseases in the child. The preconception period is an optimal window to adapt the lifestyle for improved outcomes for both mother and child. Our aim is to determine the effect of a lifestyle intervention, initiated before and continued throughout pregnancy, on maternal glucose tolerance and other maternal and infant cardiometabolic outcomes. Methods and analysis: This ongoing randomised controlled trial has included 167 females aged 18-39 years old at increased risk for GDM who are contemplating pregnancy. The participants were randomly allocated 1:1 to an intervention or control group. The intervention consists of exercise (volume is set by a heart rate-based app and corresponds to ≥ 1 hour of weekly exercise at ≥ 80% of individual heart rate maximum), and time-restricted eating (≤ 10 hours/day window of energy intake). The primary outcome measure is glucose tolerance in gestational week 28. Maternal and offspring outcomes are measured before and during pregnancy, at delivery, and at 6-8 weeks postpartum. Primary and secondary continuous outcome measures will be compared between groups based on the “intention to treat” principle using linear mixed models. Ethics and dissemination: The Regional Committees for Medical and Health Research Ethics in Norway has approved the study (REK 143756). The anonymised results will be submitted for publication and posted in a publicly accessible database of clinical study results.
Red meat consumption, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex and setting, however, whether the associations vary by sex and setting remains unclear. Methods and results: This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to summarize the evidence concerning the associations of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD and its subtypes [coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and heart failure], type two diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to assess differences by sex and setting (western vs. eastern, categorized based on dietary pattern and geographic region). Two researchers independently screened studies from PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published by 30 June 2022. Forty-three observational studies (N = 4 462 810, 61.7% women) for CVD and 27 observational studies (N = 1 760 774, 64.4% women) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.16 for unprocessed red meat (per 100 g/day increment); 1.26, 95% CI 1.18 to 1.35 for processed red meat (per 50 g/day increment)], CVD subtypes, T2DM, and GDM. The associations with stroke and T2DM were higher in western settings, with no difference by sex. Conclusion: Unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CVD subtypes, and diabetes, with a stronger association in western settings but no sex difference. Better understanding of the mechanisms is needed to facilitate improving cardiometabolic and planetary health.
The association of breast feeding for at least six months with hemodynamic and metabolic health of women and their children aged three years: an observational cohort study; BACKGROUND: Breastfeeding is important for both mother and child in reducing risk of future cardiovascular disease. Therefore, it may be an effective method to improve cardio-metabolic health, particularly those who are exposed to pregnancy complications which increase later CVD risk for both mother and child. The aim of this study is to assess differences in cardiometabolic health at three years postpartum in mothers who breastfed for at least six months and their children compared to those who did not. METHODS: Women and children from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy (STOP) study (2015-2017) were invited to attend a health check-up at three years postpartum. Women's breastfeeding status at least six months postpartum was ascertained through their child health record. Anthropometric and hemodynamic measurements were taken from women and their children. A fasting blood sample was taken from women to measure blood glucose and lipids. RESULTS: A total of 160 woman-child dyads were assessed in this study. Women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal BMI, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, central systolic blood pressure, and central diastolic blood pressure than those who did not and this did not change after adjusting for BMI and socioeconomic index in early pregnancy, prenatal smoking and maternal age in early pregnancy. Subgroup analysis on women who had one or more pregnancy complications during the index pregnancy (i.e. preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, delivery of a small for gestational age infant, delivery of a preterm infant, and/or gestational diabetes mellitus) demonstrated that women who breastfed for at least six months had significantly lower maternal systolic and diastolic blood pressures, serum insulin and triglycerides, and higher HDL cholesterol. There were no differences in child anthropometric or hemodynamic variables at three years of age between those children who had been breastfed for at least six months and those who had not. CONCLUSION: Breastfeeding for at least six months may reduce some maternal; cardiovascular risk factors in women at three years postpartum, in particular, in those who have experienced a complication of pregnancy. TRIAL REGISTRATION: ACTRN12614000985684 (12/09/2014).
Global, regional, and national burden of diabetes from 1990 to 2021, with projections of prevalence to 2050: a systematic analysis for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2021; Background: Diabetes is one of the leading causes of death and disability worldwide, and affects people regardless of country, age group, or sex. Using the most recent evidentiary and analytical framework from the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study (GBD), we produced location-specific, age-specific, and sex-specific estimates of diabetes prevalence and burden from 1990 to 2021, the proportion of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in 2021, the proportion of the type 2 diabetes burden attributable to selected risk factors, and projections of diabetes prevalence through 2050. Methods: Estimates of diabetes prevalence and burden were computed in 204 countries and territories, across 25 age groups, for males and females separately and combined; these estimates comprised lost years of healthy life, measured in disability-adjusted life-years (DALYs; defined as the sum of years of life lost [YLLs] and years lived with disability [YLDs]). We used the Cause of Death Ensemble model (CODEm) approach to estimate deaths due to diabetes, incorporating 25 666 location-years of data from vital registration and verbal autopsy reports in separate total (including both type 1 and type 2 diabetes) and type-specific models. Other forms of diabetes, including gestational and monogenic diabetes, were not explicitly modelled. Total and type 1 diabetes prevalence was estimated by use of a Bayesian meta-regression modelling tool, DisMod-MR 2.1, to analyse 1527 location-years of data from the scientific literature, survey microdata, and insurance claims; type 2 diabetes estimates were computed by subtracting type 1 diabetes from total estimates. Mortality and prevalence estimates, along with standard life expectancy and disability weights, were used to calculate YLLs, YLDs, and DALYs. When appropriate, we extrapolated estimates to a hypothetical population with a standardised age structure to allow comparison in populations with different age structures. We used the comparative risk assessment framework to estimate the risk-attributable type 2 diabetes burden for 16 risk factors falling under risk categories including environmental and occupational factors, tobacco use, high alcohol use, high body-mass index (BMI), dietary factors, and low physical activity. Using a regression framework, we forecast type 1 and type 2 diabetes prevalence through 2050 with Socio-demographic Index (SDI) and high BMI as predictors, respectively. Findings: In 2021, there were 529 million (95% uncertainty interval [UI] 500–564) people living with diabetes worldwide, and the global age-standardised total diabetes prevalence was 6·1% (5·8–6·5). At the super-region level, the highest age-standardised rates were observed in north Africa and the Middle East (9·3% [8·7–9·9]) and, at the regional level, in Oceania (12·3% [11·5–13·0]). Nationally, Qatar had the world's highest age-specific prevalence of diabetes, at 76·1% (73·1–79·5) in individuals aged 75–79 years. Total diabetes prevalence—especially among older adults—primarily reflects type 2 diabetes, which in 2021 accounted for 96·0% (95·1–96·8) of diabetes cases and 95·4% (94·9–95·9) of diabetes DALYs worldwide. In 2021, 52·2% (25·5–71·8) of global type 2 diabetes DALYs were attributable to high BMI. The contribution of high BMI to type 2 diabetes DALYs rose by 24·3% (18·5–30·4) worldwide between 1990 and 2021. By 2050, more than 1·31 billion (1·22–1·39) people are projected to have diabetes, with expected age-standardised total diabetes prevalence rates greater than 10% in two super-regions: 16·8% (16·1–17·6) in north Africa and the Middle East and 11·3% (10·8–11·9) in Latin America and Caribbean. By 2050, 89 (43·6%) of 204 countries and territories will have an age-standardised rate greater than 10%. Interpretation: Diabetes remains a substantial public health issue. Type 2 diabetes, which makes up the bulk of diabetes cases, is largely preventable and, in some cases, potentially reversible if identified and managed early in the disease course. However, all evidence indicates that diabetes prevalence is increasing worldwide, primarily due to a rise in obesity caused by multiple factors. Preventing and controlling type 2 diabetes remains an ongoing challenge. It is essential to better understand disparities in risk factor profiles and diabetes burden across populations, to inform strategies to successfully control diabetes risk factors within the context of multiple and complex drivers. Funding: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Resection of an immature intrapericardial teratoma from a premature neonate presenting as hydrops foetalis; Intrapericardial teratoma is a germ-cell tumor that typically arises from the base of the heart. This rare cardiac tumour is the second most common tumor diagnosed in fetuses and newborn. Although benign, it can be massive in size causing direct compression on the heart and associated with significant pericardial effusion resulting life-threatening complications such as cardiac tamponade, heart failure, foetal hydrops, and sudden death. Early antenatal diagnosis and surgical intervention improve the survival. We present a case of immature intrapericardial teratoma diagnosed at 25 weeks of gestation but required multiple foetal pericardiocentesis and premature delivery due to massive pericardial effusion. The importance of multidisciplinary team approach to ensure successful management was highlighted in this case report.
Association between air pollutants and birth defects in Xiamen, China; Objective: To explore the relationship between common air pollution and common birth defects, and to provide reference for the prevention of birth defects. Methods: We conducted a case-control study in Xiamen, a city in southeastern China from 2019 to 2020. Logistics regression was used to analyze the relationship between sulfur dioxide(SO2), fine particulate matter 2.5(PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide(NO2), ozone(O3), carbon monoxide(CO) and the occurrence of common birth defects such as congenital heart disease, facial cleft, and finger deformity. Results: SO2 significantly increased the risk of birth defects such as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or cleft palate, and ear deformity in the first and second months of pregnancy. Conclusion: Exposure to common air pollutants increases the risk of birth defects, and SO2 significantly affects the occurrence of birth defects in the first two months of pregnancy.
Normative echocardiography data of myocardial adaptation to extrauterine life: a review of prospective studies; Recent research has increased focus and interest in characterizing the physiology of the transition circulation using echocardiography. Critique of published normative neonatal echocardiography data among healthy term neonates has not been performed. We have performed a comprehensive literature review using the key terms: cardiac adaptation, hemodynamics, neonatal transition, term newborns. Studies were included if they had reported echocardiography indices of cardiovascular function in the presence of maternal diabetes, intrauterine growth restricted newborns and prematurity and had a comparison group of healthy term newborns within first seven postnatal days. Sixteen published studies evaluating transitional circulation in healthy newborns were included. There was marked heterogeneity in the methodologies used; specifically, inconsistency in time of evaluation and imaging techniques used makes it challenging to determine specific trends of expected physiologic changes. Some studies revealed nomograms for echocardiography indices, though limitations persist in terms of sample size, number of reported parameters and consistency of measurement technique. A comprehensive standardized echocardiography framework which includes consistent techniques for assessment dimensions, function, blood flow, pulmonary/systemic vascular resistance, and shunts pattern is warranted to ensure consistency in the use of echocardiography to guide care of healthy and sick newborns.
Fetal Cardiac Function at Midgestation in Women Who Subsequently Develop Gestational Diabetes; Importance: Fetuses in women with gestational diabetes (GD) compared with those without GD show evidence of subclinical cardiac functional and morphological changes. However, it is uncertain whether glycemia or the adverse maternal underlying risk factor profile is the main driver for fetal cardiac remodeling. Objective: To assess cardiac morphology and function at midgestation in fetuses of mothers prior to development of GD and compare them with those of unaffected controls. Design, Setting, and Participants: During this prospective nonintervention screening study at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation, fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants. Pregnancy complications were obtained from the medical records of the women. Fetal cardiac morphology and function were assessed in all participants at Harris Birthright Research Institute at King's College Hospital, London, United Kingdom. Participants included pregnant women with singleton pregnancy who attended their routine fetal ultrasound examination at midgestation and agreed to participate in the Advanced Cardiovascular Imaging Study in pregnancy. Main Outcome and Measures: Comparison of fetal cardiac morphology and function between mothers who subsequently developed GD and those who did not develop GD. Methods: This was a prospective nonintervention screening study of 5620 women with singleton pregnancies at 19 to 23 weeks' gestation. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricle. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity index. Results: The 5620 included patients had a mean age of 33.6 years. In 470 cases, the women were diagnosed with GD after the midgestation echocardiographic assessment (8.4%). Women with GD, compared with the non-GD group, were older, had higher BMI, higher prevalence of family history of diabetes, non-White ethnicity, chronic hypertension, and GD in a previous pregnancy. In fetuses of the GD group compared with the non-GD group, there was mild increase in interventricular millimeter thickness (0.04; 95% CI, 0.03-0.06 mm) and left atrial area (0.04; 95% CI, 0.04-0.05), whereas left and right functional indices were comparable between groups with the exception of left ventricular ejection fraction, which was marginally improved in the GD group (0.02; 95% CI, 0.03-0.03). Conclusions and Relevance: This study demonstrates that prior to development of GD, there was mild alteration in fetal cardiac morphology without affecting cardiac function. This suggests that the adverse maternal risk factor profile and not only the glycemia might contribute to cardiac remodeling noted in fetuses of women with GD..
Prenatal Health Care Outcomes Before and During the COVID-19 Pandemic Among Pregnant Individuals and Their Newborns in an Integrated US Health System; Importance: The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the use of telemedicine. However, data on the integration of telemedicine in prenatal health care and health outcomes are sparse. Objective: To evaluate a multimodal model of in-office and telemedicine prenatal health care implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic and its association with maternal and newborn health outcomes. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study of pregnant individuals using longitudinal electronic health record data was conducted at Kaiser Permanente Northern California, an integrated health care system serving a population of 4.5 million people. Individuals who delivered a live birth or stillbirth between July 1, 2018, and October 21, 2021, were included in the study. Data were analyzed from January 2022 to May 2023. Exposure: Exposure levels to the multimodal prenatal health care model were separated into 3 intervals: unexposed (T1, birth delivery between July 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020), partially exposed (T2, birth delivery between March 1, 2020, and December 5, 2020), and fully exposed (T3, birth delivery between December 6, 2020, and October 31, 2021). Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes included rates of preeclampsia and eclampsia, severe maternal morbidity, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. The distributions of demographic and clinical characteristics, care processes, and health outcomes for birth deliveries within each of the 3 intervals of interest were assessed with standardized mean differences calculated for between-interval contrasts. Interrupted time series analyses were used to examine changes in rates of perinatal outcomes and its association with the multimodal prenatal health care model. Secondary outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, depression, venous thromboembolism, newborn Apgar score, transient tachypnea, and birth weight. Results: The cohort included 151 464 individuals (mean [SD] age, 31.3 [5.3] years) who delivered a live birth or stillbirth. The mean (SD) number of total prenatal visits was similar in T1 (9.41 [4.75] visits), T2 (9.17 [4.50] visits), and T3 (9.15 [4.66] visits), whereas the proportion of telemedicine visits increased from 11.1% (79 214 visits) in T1 to 20.9% (66 726 visits) in T2 and 21.3% (79 518 visits) in T3. NICU admission rates were 9.2% (7014 admissions) in T1, 8.3% (2905 admissions) in T2, and 8.6% (3615 admissions) in T3. Interrupted time series analysis showed no change in NICU admission risk during T1 (change per 4-week interval, -0.22%; 95% CI, -0.53% to 0.09%), a decrease in risk during T2 (change per 4-week interval, -0.91%; 95% CI, -1.77% to -0.03%), and an increase in risk during T3 (change per 4-week interval, 1.75%; 95% CI, 0.49% to 3.02%). There were no clinically relevant changes between T1, T2, and T3 in the rates of risk of preeclampsia and eclampsia (change per 4-week interval, 0.76% [95% CI, 0.39% to 1.14%] for T1; -0.19% [95% CI, -1.19% to 0.81%] for T2; and -0.80% [95% CI, -2.13% to 0.55%] for T3), severe maternal morbidity (change per 4-week interval , 0.12% [95% CI, 0.40% to 0.63%] for T1; -0.39% [95% CI, -1.00% to 1.80%] for T2; and 0.99% [95% CI, -0.88% to 2.90%] for T3), cesarean delivery (change per 4-week interval, 0.06% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.23%] for T1; -0.03% [95% CI, -0.49% to 0.44%] for T2; and -0.05% [95% CI, -0.68% to 0.59%] for T3), preterm birth (change per 4-week interval, 0.23% [95% CI, -0.11% to 0.57%] for T1; -0.37% [95% CI, -1.29% to 0.55%] for T2; and -0.15% [95% CI, -1.41% to 1.13%] for T3), or secondary outcomes. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that a multimodal prenatal health care model combining in-office and telemedicine visits performed adequately compared with in-office only prenatal health care, supporting its continued use after the pandemic.
Consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Background: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations. Methods: MySweetHeart cohort study aimed to assess the effect of maternal gestational diabetes (GDM) on offsprings’ cardiovascular health. Newborns underwent clinical and echocardiographic examinations between 2016 and 2020. Results: Compared to mothers without GDM (n = 141), mothers with GDM (n = 123) were more likely to have had GDM in previous pregnancies and had higher weight, BMI, blood glucose, and HbA1c. Newborns of both groups showed similar clinical characteristics. Echocardiography was performed on the 3rd (interquartile range, IQR, 2nd–4th) day of life in 101 offsprings of mothers without and 116 offsprings of mothers with GDM. Left ventricular (LV) mass was similar. Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall (z-score +0.15, IQR –0.38/0.62, versus +0.47, IQR –0.11/+1.1, p = 0.004), a smaller end-systolic (1.3 mL, IQR 1.0–1.5 mL, versus 1.4 mL, IQR 1.2–1.8 mL, p = 0.044) but a similar end-diastolic LV volume. They also had shorter tricuspid valve flow duration and aortic valve ejection time, lower tricuspid E-wave and pulmonary valve velocities. Conclusions: Newborns of mothers with or without GDM had similar clinical characteristics and LV mass. However, some echocardiographic differences were detected, suggesting an altered myocardial physiology among infants of mothers with GDM. Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02872974). Impact: Hyperglycaemic disorders of pregnancy are known to be associated with offspring cardiovascular alterations.Clinical characteristics and estimated left ventricular (LV) mass were similar in children issued from mothers with and without gestational diabetes (GDM).Children born to mothers with GDM had a thicker posterior LV wall and a smaller end-systolic LV volume.Although LV mass is not different, myocardial physiology may be altered in these infants. Further studies should investigate the endothelial function of this population and the cardiovascular evolution of these children over time.
Maternal obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus, and diet in association with neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children; Background: Maternal metabolic disturbances and diet may influence long-term infantile neurodevelopment. We investigated whether maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), obesity, and diet could affect the neurodevelopment of 2-year-old children. Methods: Neurodevelopment of children (n = 243) born to mothers with overweight or obesity was assessed with the Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development–Third Edition, and the Hammersmith Infant Neurological Examination. Maternal adiposity was determined by air displacement plethysmography, and GDM with an oral glucose tolerance test. Dietary assessment included diet quality and fish consumption questionnaires, and three-day food diaries, from which dietary inflammatory index (DII®) scores were computed. Results: GDM was associated with weaker expressive language skills (adj.β = −1.12, 95% CI = −2.10;−0.15), and higher maternal adiposity with weaker cognitive, language, and motor skills in children (adj.p < 0.05). Maternal good dietary quality (adj.β = 0.87, 95% CI = 0.004;1.73) and higher fish consumption (adj.p = 0.02) were related to better expressive language skills. DII scores were not associated with children’s neurodevelopment. Conclusions: Findings suggest that GDM and higher maternal adiposity may lead to weaker neurodevelopmental skills, although still within the mean normative range in this population of children. Good dietary quality and higher fish consumption during pregnancy could benefit a child’s language development. Impact: Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal higher adiposity may have unfavorable effects on a 2-year-old child’s neurodevelopment.An overall good quality of diet and higher fish consumption during pregnancy may result in more favorable cognitive and language skills when the child is 2-year-old.Our findings reveal that women with overweight or obesity, a risk group for pregnancy complications, could benefit from dietary counseling to support their children’s neurodevelopment.
Maternal migraine and risk of pediatric cancers; Background: Maternal migraine has been linked to adverse birth outcomes including low birth weight and preterm birth, as well as congenital anomalies in offspring. It has been speculated that this may be due to the use of medications in pregnancy, but lifestyle, genetic, hormonal, and neurochemical factors could also play a role. There is evidence for varying cancer incidences among adults with migraine. Here, we utilized data from national registries in Denmark to examine associations between maternal diagnoses of migraine and risk for cancer in offspring. Methods: We linked several national registries in Denmark to identify cases from the Cancer Registry among children less than 20 years (diagnoses 1996–2016) and controls from the Central Population Register, matched to cases by birth year and sex (25:1 matching rate). Migraine diagnoses were identified from the National Patient Register using International Classification of Diseases, versions 8 and 10 codes and migraine-specific acute or prophylactic treatment recorded in the National Pharmaceutical Register. We used logistic regression to estimate the risk of childhood cancers associated with maternal migraine. Results: Maternal migraine was positively associated with risk for non-Hodgkin lymphoma (odds ratio [OR] = 1.70, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.01–2.86), central nervous system tumors ([OR = 1.31, 95% CI: 1.02–1.68], particularly glioma [OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.12–2.40]), neuroblastoma (OR = 1.75, 95% CI: 1.00–3.08), and osteosarcoma (OR = 2.60, 95% CI: 1.18–5.76). Conclusions: Associations with maternal migraine were observed for several childhood cancers, including neuronal tumors. Our findings raise questions about the role of lifestyle factors, sex hormones, genetic, and neurochemical factors in the relationship between migraine and childhood cancers.
Structured group education programme and accompanying mHealth intervention to promote physical activity in women with a history of gestational diabetes: A randomised controlled trial; Aims: Assess effectiveness of a hybrid intervention targeting physical activity in women with prior gestational diabetes. Methods: Randomised controlled trial with parallel arms. 293 women (35.1 ± 5.1 years; 40% ethnic minority) recruited from two hospitals and randomised to routine care or hybrid lifestyle intervention comprising two group sessions and access to a mobile web app. Primary outcome was a change in objectively measured physical activity at 12 months. Secondary outcomes included self-efficacy for exercise, quality of life and anxiety and depression. Linear regression compared outcome measures between groups. Results: 83% of intervention participants attended at least one group session, of who 66% registered to use the app. There was a non-significant increase in physical activity at 12 months (between-group difference of 0.95 mg [95% CI: −0.46 to 2.37]), equivalent to approximately 500 steps per day. Intervention participants reported higher self-efficacy for exercise (0.54, 95% CI: 0.05 to 1.102; p = 0.029), lower anxiety (−0.91, 95% CI: −1.74 to −0.09; p = 0.031), and higher quality of life (0.05, 95% CI: 0.004 to 0.09; p = 0.032), compared to controls. Conclusions: The intervention improved confidence in exercise and quality of life. Further research is needed to improve participant engagement with physical activity interventions in multi-ethnic populations with a history of gestational diabetes.
Real-World Patterns of Basal Insulin Use with Other Diabetes Medications Among People with Type 2 Diabetes Between 2014 and 2020; Introduction: Basal insulin’s position in the type 2 diabetes (T2D) treatment paradigm has undergone significant revisions since the advent of diabetes medications such as glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2is), which offer cardiorenal protection for people with T2D (PwT2D). This study aimed to characterize the demographic, clinical, and diabetes medication utilization patterns of PwT2D initiating basal insulin between 2014 and 2020 over the time period when these revisions were occurring. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted using the IBM® MarketScan® databases and included adults with T2D who initiated basal insulin therapy (basal insulin initiators) in 2015, 2017, or 2019. Patient characteristics, medication utilization patterns, and time to add an additional diabetes drug class were compared across years. Characteristics of users of basal insulin-GLP-1RA combination therapy (GLP-1RA-basal insulin dual users) were also compared across years. Results: Between 2015 and 2019, initiation of basal insulin therapy remained steady, with 1.6–1.9% of PwT2D starting basal insulin in each year. GLP-1RA and SGLT-2i use increased pre- and post-basal insulin initiation (pre-basal: GLP-1RA, from 14.8% to 25.2%, p < 0.0001; SGLT-2i, from 11.4% to 20.5%, p < 0.0001; post-basal: GLP-1RA, from 16.7% to 30.5%, p < 0.0001; SGLT-2i, from 13.4% to 23.3%, p < 0.0001]). The proportion of PwT2D with underlying cardiovascular and renal diseases did not increase during this period. Among basal insulin initiators without prior GLP-1RA, SGLT-2i, or bolus insulin use, time to adding on these agents decreased, with 14.0–15.6% starting bolus insulin within the first year. Among GLP-1RA-basal insulin dual initiators, the proportion of those with underlying cardiovascular disease was not higher among GLP-1RA first users. Conclusions: In this real-world study, insulin remained key in the T2D treatment paradigm. A growing proportion of PwT2D utilized GLP-1RAs and SGLT-2is before and after initiation of basal insulin therapy. At the same time, there was no increase in the proportion of those initiating basal insulin who had cardiorenal comorbidity profiles for which treatment guidelines have recommended the use of GLP-1RAs or SGLT-2is.
Ambulatory care for women with gestational diabetes in Germany: Gestational diabetes from the perspective of practices specializing in diabetes; Almost 60,000 pregnancies in Germany were affected by gestational diabetes in 2021 (about 1 in 13). Screening, diagnostics, therapy, and follow-up care require continuous good interdisciplinary communication between obstetric practices, practices specializing in diabetology, midwives, and maternity hospitals. Letters, e‑doctor’s letters, and insert sheets for the maternity pass can support this process. A healthy, specially adapted diet and sufficient exercise are the cornerstones of treatment. If the metabolic goals are not met with this, insulin treatment is indicated in coordination with the obstetric practice. Pregnant women with insulin treatment or unstable blood sugar levels should deliver their babies in maternity hospitals with a level 1 or 2 perinatal center. Breastfeeding has a positive effect not only on the child’s metabolic future, but also on the mother. Postpartum follow-up is key for primary prevention of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Despite various efforts to increase the proportion of mothers who take part in postpartum diabetes screening, only 40% appear to do so. The lifelong increased metabolic risk of mothers after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) must be considered in the aftercare and prevention strategy in gynecological and general practitioner practices. The GestDiNa_basic project examines the current GDM aftercare situation and develops components of a care model for patient-centered aftercare.
Update of the National Diabetes Surveillance: Overview on indicators from the fields of action improving the early detection and treatment of diabetes, reducing the complications of diabetes and reducing the burden and costs of disease; Background: The fragmented information on diabetes in Germany led to the funding of the project National Diabetes Surveillance at the Robert Koch Institute (RKI) by the Federal Ministry of Health. Objective: The aim is to establish and continuously improve an indicator-based and user-oriented reporting on risk factors, prevalence, care, and health-related consequences of diabetes. Methods: The consented indicators are depicted on the basis of RKI health surveys, claims and documentation data, official statistics, and diabetes registries. Results are provided through interactive visualizations and other formats on the diabetes surveillance website. Results: Overall, more than 90% of all diabetes cases are classified as type 2 and about 5.5% as type 1. Most of the recommendations for the quality of care for type 2 diabetes are achieved by the majority of adults, yet potential for improvement remains, which is consistent with the quality of care self-assessed as intermediate. The increasing use of therapeutic technologies in children and adolescents with type 1 diabetes indicates an improvement in care. The screening rate for gestational diabetes has increased, but women with gestational diabetes remain at increased risk of selected complications. Cardiovascular diseases and depressive symptoms occur more frequently in persons with diabetes than in those without diabetes. The rate of ambulatory care-sensitive hospitalizations has decreased. Of all the years of life lost, 67.4% are due to health limitations for type 2 diabetes and 54.3% are due to death for type 1 diabetes. Discussion: The Diabetes Surveillance is a pilot project and serves as the basis for the development of comprehensive surveillance for other non-communicable diseases in Germany.
Focus on Metformin: Its Role and Safety in Pregnancy and Beyond; Metformin is used worldwide in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and has been used in the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy since the 1970s. It is highly acceptable to patients due to its ease of administration, cost and adverse effect profile. It is effective in reducing macrosomia, large-for-gestational-age infants and reduces maternal weight gain. Despite its many advantages, metformin has been associated with reductions in foetal size and has been associated with an increase in infants born small-for-gestational-age in certain cohorts. In this article, we review its efficacy, adverse effects and long-term follow-up before, during and after pregnancy for both mother and infant. We also evaluate the other forms of treatment for gestational diabetes, including oral therapies, insulin therapy and emerging treatments.
Hyperlipidaemia and severe hypertriglyceridaemia in pregnancy; Key content: Lipid and triglyceride levels increase in pregnancy and do not pose problems for most women. However, pregnancy-specific factors and genetic aberrations, especially mutations, may result in supraphysiological hypercholesterolaemia (HC) and severe hypertriglyceridaemia (sHTG). HC and sHTG are associated with complications in pregnancy, including acute pancreatitis, hyperviscosity syndrome and pre-eclampsia. Abnormally high levels of lipids and triglycerides also affect fetal growth and the onset of gestational diabetes. The clinical presentation and diagnosis of HC and sHTG are varied. Management options include lifestyle and dietary restriction/modification, omega-3, bile-acid sequestrants, fenofibrate, statins and plasmapheresis. Learning objectives: To understand the physiological changes that occur in lipids in pregnancy and how these are modulated. To appreciate the importance of severe HC and HTG in pregnancy, including their effects on maternal morbidity and mortality. To understand the various approaches to management and the importance of multidisciplinary management. Ethical issues: Should every woman be screened for HTG and HC during pregnancy? How safe are statins and other treatments for lipid disorders in pregnancy? Should women with very severe HTG be discouraged from getting pregnant?.
Left ventricular diastolic function in the fifth decade of life in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in women and defining its risk factors is necessary to reduce its prevalence. A history of preeclampsia is shown to be associated with hypertension and alterations in left ventricular (LV) diastolic function parameters. Because of overlapping mechanisms between preeclampsia and spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB), our most recent study investigated the association between SPTB and hypertension, and found an almost 2 times higher prevalence of hypertension after SPTB. No previous studies have focused on the association between SPTB and LV diastolic function. The aim of this study is to investigate LV diastolic function as potential early parameter of CVD in women with a history of SPTB. Study design: We included cases with a history of SPTB between 22 and 37 weeks and controls who had a term birth. Women with hypertensive disorders or gestational diabetes in any of their pregnancies, were excluded. Both groups underwent cardiovascular risk assessment and transthoracic echocardiography 9 to 16 years after pregnancy. Echocardiographic measures were adjusted using a linear regression analysis accounting for hypertension and other risk factors known to be associated with CVD. A subgroup analysis was performed based on hypertension at follow-up. Results: A total of 94 cases and 94 controls were included, on average 13 years after pregnancy. There were no significant differences in LV diastolic function parameters. Women with a history of SPTB and diagnosed hypertension at follow-up, showed significant higher late diastolic mitral flow velocity, lower e'septal velocity and higher E/e'ratio, compared to women with a history of SPTB without hypertension, although within normal ranges. Conclusions: When a history of SPTB is accompanied by hypertension at follow-up, significant changes in LV diastolic function were seen. Therefore, hypertension is the central factor in preventive screening methods, and transthoracic echocardiography has no additional value at this follow-up duration.
High Versus Low Adherence to the Mediterranean Diet for Prevention of Diabetes Mellitus Type 2: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Diabetes mellitus type 2 (DMT-2) presents with a growing incidence, and its complications contribute mainly to cardiovascular disease and overall mortality. DMT-2 prevention and early stage management include lifestyle modification by adopting healthy eating patterns and increasing physical activity levels. The Mediterranean diet (MD) is associated with beneficial effects on human health and has been found effective for preventing and managing DMT-2. The purpose of this meta-analysis is to investigate whether the level of MD adherence plays a role in DMT-2 prevention and to what extent. A systematic literature search in PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Science Core Collection, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases was conducted until November 2022, and related observational studies fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included. The literature search concluded with 24 studies in the qualitative analysis and 23 studies in the quantitative analysis. Of those, 18 cohort studies were eligible for meta-analysis with hazard ratio as effect size and five studies providing odds ratio as effect size. The cohort studies included 248,140 participants with a mean follow-up of 10.8 years (3 to 22 years). Individuals with high adherence to MD presented an 11% and 18% decrease in risk and odds, respectively, of developing DMT-2 compared to those with low MD adherence (HR 0.89, 95%CI 0.83 to 0.95) and (OR 0.82, 95%CI 0.72 to 0.93). In studies where the follow-up was longer than 10 years, the 12% decrease in the risk of developing DMT-2 remained (HR 0.88 95%CI 0.84 to 0.92), whereas in studies where follow-up was less than 10 years, no difference between groups with different levels of adherence was found. Long-term high MD adherence is associated with a reduced risk of developing DMT-2, but further studies are needed to confirm these results.
An Early Mediterranean-Based Nutritional Intervention during Pregnancy Reduces Metabolic Syndrome and Glucose Dysregulation Rates at 3 Years Postpartum; A Mediterranean diet (MedDiet)-based intervention reduces the rate of immediate postpartum maternal metabolic disorders. Whether these effects persist long-term remains to be determined. A total of 2526 normoglycemic women were randomized before the 12th gestational week (GW). IG women followed a MedDiet with extra virgin olive oil (EVOO) (>40 mL/day) and a handful of nuts daily, whereas CG women had to restrict all kinds of dietary fat. At 3 months postpartum, a motivational lifestyle interview was held. The endpoint of the study evaluated the rate of abnormal glucose regulation (AGR) and metabolic syndrome (MetS) at 3 years postpartum in women of the San Carlos cohort. A total of 369/625 (59%) CG women and 1031/1603 (64.3%) IG women were finally analyzed. At 3 months and 3 years postdelivery, the IG women showed higher adherence to the MedDiet, which was associated with lower values of body mass index (BMI) and lipid and glycemic profiles. Body weight change and waist circumference were lower in the IG women. After applying multiple regression analysis, the ORs (95%CI) resulted in AGR (3.18 (2.48–4.08); p < 0.001)/MetS (3.79 (1.81–7.95); p = 0.001) for women with GDM and higher OR for development of MetS in CG women (3.73 (1.77–7.87); p = 0.001). A MedDiet-based intervention early in pregnancy demonstrated persistent beneficial effects on AGR and MetS rates at 3 years postpartum.
Impact of Obesity and Diabetes in Pregnant Women on Their Immunity and Vaccination; Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes are at increased risk of developing infections and other complications during pregnancy. Several mechanisms are involved in the immunological mechanisms that contribute to reduced immunity in these populations. Both obesity and diabetes are associated with chronic low-grade inflammation that can lead to an overactive immune response. Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes often have an increase in pro-inflammatory cytokines and adipokines, such as TNF-α, IL-6, IL-1β, leptin, and resistin, which are involved in the inflammatory response. Insulin resistance can also affect the functioning of immune cells. Furthermore, both conditions alter the composition of the gut microbiome, which produces a variety of biomolecules, including short-chain fatty acids, lipopolysaccharides, and other metabolites. These substances may contribute to immune dysfunction. In addition to increasing the risk of infections, obesity and diabetes can also affect the efficacy of vaccinations in pregnant women. Pregnant women with obesity and diabetes are at increased risk of developing severe illness and complications from COVID-19, but COVID-19 vaccination may help protect them and their fetuses from infection and its associated risks. Since both obesity and diabetes classify a pregnancy as high risk, it is important to elucidate the impact of these diseases on immunity and vaccination during pregnancy. Research examining the efficacy of the COVID-19 vaccine in a high-risk pregnant population should be of particular value to obstetricians whose patients are hesitant to vaccinate during pregnancy. Further research is needed to better understand these mechanisms and to develop effective interventions to improve immune function in these populations.
Risk of retinopathy in women with pregnancy-induced hypertension: a nationwide population-based cohort study of 9-year follow-up after delivery; BACKGROUND: The retina is potentially associated with several physiological, hormonal, and metabolic changes during pregnancy. The few available epidemiologic studies of ocular changes in pregnancy have mainly concerned retinopathies. Pregnancy-induced hypertension, which leads to ocular manifestations including blurred vision, photopsia, scotoma, and diplopia, might induce reactive changes in the retinal vessels. Although several studies have suggested the existence of pregnancy-induced hypertension–related retinal ocular disease, there are few large cohort studies on this topic. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to investigate the risk of major retinal diseases including central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy in the long-term postpartum stage according to the presence of previous pregnancy-induced hypertension in a large cohort based on the Korean National Health Insurance Database. STUDY DESIGN: On the basis of Korean health data, 909,520 patients who delivered from 2012 to 2013 were analyzed. Among them, patients who had previous ocular diseases or hypertension and multiple births were excluded. Finally, 858,057 mothers were assessed for central serous chorioretinopathy (ICD-10: H35.70), diabetic retinopathy (ICD-10: H36.0, E10.31, E10.32, E11.31, E11.32, E12.31, E13.31, E13.32, E14.31, E14.32), retinal vein occlusion (ICD-10: H34.8), retinal artery occlusion (ICD-10: H34.2), and hypertensive retinopathy (ICD-10: H35.02) for 9 years after delivery. Enrolled patients were divided into 2 groups: 10,808 patients with and 847,249 without pregnancy-induced hypertension. The primary outcomes were the incidence of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, retinal artery occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy 9 years after delivery. Clinical variables were age, parity, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus, and postpartum hemorrhage. In addition, pregestational diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, and cardiovascular diseases were adjusted. RESULTS: Postpartum retinal disease during the 9 years after delivery and total retinal diseases showed higher rates in patients with pregnancy-induced hypertension. In detail, the rates of central serous chorioretinopathy (0.3% vs 0.1%), diabetic retinopathy (1.79% vs 0.5%), retinal vein occlusion (0.19% vs 0.1%), and hypertensive retinopathy (0.62% vs 0.05%) were higher than those found in patients without pregnancy-induced hypertension. After adjusting for confounding factors, pregnancy-induced hypertension was associated with development of postpartum retinopathy, with a >2-fold increase (hazard ratio, 2.845; 95% confidence interval, 2.54–3.188). Furthermore, pregnancy-induced hypertension affected the development of central serous chorioretinopathy (hazard ratio, 3.681; 95% confidence interval, 2.667–5.082), diabetic retinopathy (hazard ratio, 2.326; 95% confidence interval, 2.013–2.688), retinal vein occlusion (hazard ratio, 2.241; 95% confidence interval, 1.491–3.368), and hypertensive retinopathy (hazard ratio, 11.392; 95% confidence interval, 8.771–14.796) after delivery. CONCLUSION: A history of pregnancy-induced hypertension increases the risk of central serous chorioretinopathy, diabetic retinopathy, retinal vein occlusion, and hypertensive retinopathy according to 9-year long-term ophthalmologic follow-up.
The Contribution across Three Generations of Mercury Exposure to Attempted Suicide among Children and Youth in Grassy Narrows First Nation, Canada: An Intergenerational Analysis; BACKGROUND: For 60 y, the people of Asubpeeschoseewagong Anishinabek (Grassy Narrows First Nation) have endured the effects of massive mercury (Hg) contamination of their river system, central to their traditions, culture, livelihood, and diet. In the years following the Hg discharge into the English–Wabigoon River system by a chloralkali plant in the early 1970s, there was a dramatic increase in youth suicides. Several authors attributed this increase solely to social disruption caused by the disaster. OBJECTIVE: This research examined the possible contribution of Hg exposure across three generations on attempted suicides among today’s children (5–11 y old) and youth (12–17 y old), using a matrilineal intergenerational paradigm. METHODS: Information from the 2016–2017 Grassy Narrows Community Health Assessment (GN-CHA) survey was merged with Hg biomonitoring data from government surveillance programs (1970–1997). Data from 162 children/youth (5–17 years of age), whose mothers (n = 80) had provided information on themselves, their parents, and children, were retained for analyses. Direct and indirect indicators of Hg exposure included a) grand-father had worked as a fishing guide, and b) mother’s measured and estimated umbilical cord blood and childhood hair Hg and her fish consumption during pregnancy with this child. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used to examine significant links from grandparents (G0) to mothers’ exposure and mental health (G1) and children/youth (G2) risk for attempted suicide. RESULTS: Mothers’ (G1) median age was 33 y, 86.3% of grandmothers (G0) had lived in Grassy Narrows territory during their pregnancy, and 52.5% of grandfathers (G0) had worked as fishing guides. Sixty percent of children (G2) were <12 years of age. Mothers reported that among teenagers (G2: 12–17 years of age), 41.2% of girls and 10.7% of boys had ever attempted suicide. The SEM suggested two pathways that significantly linked grandparents (G0) to children’s (G2) attempted suicides: a) through mothers’ (G1) prenatal and childhood Hg exposure and psychological distress, and b) through maternal fish consumption during pregnancy (G1/G2), which is an important contributor to children’s emotional state and behavior.
Long-term Outcomes Associated With Post-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications; Background. Kidney donors have increased risk of postdonation gestational hypertension (gHTN) and preeclampsia. In the general population, pregnancy complications are associated with long-term maternal risk. However, little data exist on whether donors with postdonation pregnancy-related complications have similar increased long-term risks. We studied whether postdonation gHTN, preeclampsia/eclampsia, or gestational diabetes (gDM) was associated with increased risk of developing hypertension, DM, cardiovascular disease, or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Methods. Postdonation pregnancies with complications were matched to pregnancies without complications based on time from donation. Incidence of outcomes was compared using sequential Cox regression with robust standard errors. Donors with predonation pregnancy complications were excluded. Models were adjusted for age at pregnancy, gravidity, year of donation, and family history of hypertension, DM, and heart disease. Results. Of the 384 donors with postdonation pregnancies (median [quartiles] follow-up of 27.0 [14.2-36.2] y after donation), 39 experienced preeclampsia/eclampsia, 29 gHTN without preeclampsia, and 17 gDM. Median interval from donation to first pregnancy with preeclampsia was 5.1 (2.9-8.6) y; for gHTN, 3.7 (1.9-7.8) y; and for gDM, 7.3 (3.7-10.3) y. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 2.70; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.53-4.77) and gHTN (HR 2.39; 95% CI, 1.24-4.60) were associated with development of hypertension. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (HR 2.15; 95% CI, 1.11-4.16) and gDM (HR 5.60; 95% CI, 1.41-22.15) were associated with development of DM. Pregnancy-related complications were not associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease or estimated glomerular filtration rate <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Conclusions. In our single-center study, postdonation preeclampsia, gHTN, or gDM was associated with long-term risk of hypertension or DM.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and risk of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease: a prospective cohort study; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have been associated with respiratory dysfunction during pregnancy and postpartum. In this study, we explored the associations between HDPs (gestational hypertension and preeclampsia) and the risk of incident asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) during adulthood and the potential mediating role of chronic hypertension. Methods: We included parous nurses in the Nurses’ Health Study II reporting a pregnancy lasting no less than 6 months. The associations between HDPs and asthma and COPD were estimated using Cox proportional hazards models with adjustment for confounders. Findings: We included 73,807 nurses [92.5% (68,246 of 73,807) White] in asthma analyses and 79,843 [92.4% (73,746 of 79,843) White] in COPD analyses, whose mean (SD, range) age, at baseline, were both 34.8 (4.7, 25.0–44.0) years. During 24 years of follow-up, we identified 2663 incident cases of asthma and 537 COPD. Compared with nurses without HDPs, nurses reporting HDPs had an increased HR for incident asthma and COPD of 1.22 (95% CI 1.10–1.36) and 1.39 (95% CI 1.11–1.74), respectively. The risk of asthma was similar when gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were assessed separately [HR = 1.25 (95% CI 1.08–1.43) and 1.24 (95% CI 1.11–1.38), respectively]. However, only nurses with preeclampsia had a higher risk of COPD (HR = 1.41, 95% CI 1.11–1.78). Mediation analyses estimated that chronic hypertension explained 18.6% (95% CI 8.9–35.0%) and 10.7% (95% CI 2.9–32.4%) of the associations between HDPs and asthma and COPD, respectively. Interpretation: HDPs may serve as useful markers of increased susceptibility to chronic respiratory diseases during adulthood. Funding: The National Institutes of Health grants.
Clinical Evaluation on Usage of Drugs during Antinatal Care in Tertiary Care Hospital; Background: Pregnancy lasts for a period of 40 weeks from the last menstrual period. Babies born before 37 weeks are considered as „preterm. Complications during gestation may contain gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, iron-deficiency anemia, and severe nausea and vomiting. Pregnancy normally lasts for 40 weeks and is broken up into three trimesters. Each trimester of pregnancy brings about changes to both the developing foetus and the pregnant woman's body. The teratogenic impact is dependent on the substance as well as the various phases of pregnancy where the teratogen is exposed. Drugs given instantly after fertilisation may kill the foetus or end the pregnancy, but there won't be any birth abnormalities because no organs have started to form. When dangerous medications are administered during the period of organogenesis, birth abnormalities or malformations are discovered. Developmental and functional problems start when the foetus is exposed to a teratogen during the fetogenesis stage. Result: According to this study, the highest numbers of subjects are in the age group of 18-25 years (58%). The maximum age of pregnant women in the study group is 43 years while the minimum age is 18 years. According to US FDA Pregnancy risk categorization, in this study 34% of the drugs prescribed from category A, 19% from category B, 16% from category C, 0.4% from category D and 0.2% from category X.
Correlation of Paired Umbilical Cord pH with Abnormal Cardiotocograph in Singleton Non-high-risk Term Pregnancies; Background: Early and accurate detection of fetal asphyxia is crucial to prevent perinatal mortality and morbidity. This study aims to study the relationship between the intrapartum fetal condition by cardiotocography (CTG) and paired umbilical cord pH and to correlate the CTG to the paired umbilical cord pH. Methods: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in Kasturba Hospital, Delhi. Only singleton-term non-high-risk pregnancies with cephalic presentation admitted in active labor were included in the study. About 360 participants were recruited, and CTG was performed on all of them at admission, at rupture of membranes (ROM), and before delivery. Those with normal and indeterminate CTG were labeled as controls, and those with abnormal CTG were labeled as the study group. There were 300 controls and 60 subjects in the study group. Cardiotocography was performed at admission, at ROM, and before delivery. Immediately after delivery, paired cord samples were collected for blood gas analysis. Umbilical arterial (UA) pH < 7.1 and umbilical venous (UV) pH < 7.2 were taken as acidosis according to institutional guidelines. Results: There was a significant association between CTG at ROM and acidosis by UA pH (p = 0.0015), UA base deficit (p < 0.0001), and UV pH (p < 0.00001). Also, a significant association between CTG before delivery and acidemia by UA pH (p < 0.00001), UA base deficit (p < 0.00001), and UV pH (p < 0.00001) was found. Conclusion: An abnormal CTG trace predicts a greater possibility of intrapartum fetal acidosis. Therefore, screening by CTG before delivery as a routine is recommended. The practice of performing CTG in labor rooms in peripheral health centers where blood gas analysis machines are not available would enable early prediction and risk estimation in short-term neonatal outcomes, thereby decreasing associated morbidity and mortality.
Metabolite Biomarkers and Predictive Model Analysis for Patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus With and Without Complications; Objective: Understanding the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes mellitus including the interaction between the inherent susceptibility, lifestyles, and environment is believed to cast hope to predict, prevent, and personalize cure for type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications. To identify the differentially expressed metabolites as potential diabetes-associated metabolite biomarkers that identify individuals with and without diabetes. Methods: Sixty-four subjects were recruited to identify the systemic metabolic changes and biomarkers related to type 2 diabetes mellitus, and the related complications (ischemic heart disease and chronic kidney disease) using quadrupole time-of-flight liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. The top 5 biomarkers were identified, and the prediction accuracies for models developed by 4 algorithms were compared. Result: Tyrosine, tryptophan, glycerophospholipid, porphyrin and chlorophyll, sphingolipid metabolism, and glyco sylph ospha tidyl inosi tol-a nchor biosynthesis were the lipids and amino acid-related pathways differentially regulated in the type 2 diabetes mellitus patients compared to normal subjects and patients with complications. Hydroxyprolyl-leucine and N-palmitoyl threonine were higher in patients; 4,4- Thiob is-2- butan one, geran yl-hy droxy benzo ate, and Sesamex were higher in patients with chronic kidney disease complications; Asp Glu Trp, Trp Met Met were higher in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and ischemic heart disease compared to those normal subjects without risk. Random forest produced a consistently higher accuracy of more than 70% in the prediction for all the comparison groups. Pathways perturbated and biomarkers differentially regulated in individuals with risks or with the existing conditions of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications of ischemic heart disease and chronic kidney disease were identified using time-of-flight liquid chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. Conclusion: Metabolomics is a new emerging field that provides comprehensive phenotypic information on the disease and drug response of a patient. It serves as a potential comprehensive therapeutic drug monitoring approach to be adopted in the near future for pharmaceutical care.
An Umbrella Review on Potato Consumption and Human Health; Objectives: The objective was to review the state of the science on potato consumption and the effect on human health. Methods: Searcheswere completed on PubMed through 2022 to identify meta-analyses describing the impact of potato intake on health. Data were extracted on trial designs, outcomes assessed, the form of potato consumed (total intake, fried, or not fried), statistical methods, select results, and sub-group analyses. Results: Fifty-eight articles were screened with 9 metaanalyses included for review, 8 of which exclusively analyzed epidemiological data. Several meta-analyses suggest potato intake increases relative risk for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), with mixed results linking intake to gestational diabetes, hypertension, and risk of cancer. No meta-analyses suggested a relationship between consumption and mortality, stroke, or coronary heart disease. Sub-group analyses suggest the relationship between potato consumption and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus is stronger in Western populations, men, normal weight subjects, and in studies with greater sample sizes and follow-up durations. Some sub-group analyses (e.g., geographical location) were confounded with total intake. Total potato intake below 100 g/d did not consistently result in increased relative risk for any disease. Conclusions: While potato intake has been linked to increased risk of T2DM, recent evidence suggests total potato intake below 100 g/d does not increase risk and may even reduce risk for some chronic diseases. Total intake was confounded with some sub-group analyses, masking the true effect of each subgroup. There was insufficient evidence to clearly delineate the effects of fried and non-fried potato intake. These data suggest the relationship between potato intake and health warrants greater statistical consideration for confounds. Regardless, there was a substantial lack of intervention trials to support findings from the epidemiological data. Funding Sources: Traverse Science did not receive funding to perform the review or write the abstract.
Anterior STEMI Following Ergometrine Administration for Post-Partum Haemorrhage; Background: Ergometrine is rarely associated with coronary vasospasm and myocardial ischaemia in the setting of acute post-partum haemorrhage. This case illustrates a rare presentation of ST elevation myocardial infarction secondary to proven coronary vasospasm from ergometrine administration in post-partum haemorrhage. Case Presentation: A gravida 2, para 1 (G2 P1) 43-year-old female underwent caesarean section at 39 weeks gestation due to fetal macrosomia. Her background was significant for gestational diabetes and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) with an undetectable viral load treated with raltegravir, emtricitabine and tenofovir alafenamide. The procedure was complicated by uterine atony with one litre of blood loss for which the patient was treated with 40 units syntocinon and 250 micrograms intramuscular, followed by 250 micrograms intravenous, ergometrine. Following the ergometrine infusion, the patient developed severe central chest pain with anterior ST elevation and inferior ST depression captured on electrocardiogram. Transthoracic echocardiogram demonstrated moderate to severe segmental impairment in LAD territory. Urgent invasive coronary angiogram illustrated an 80% proximal LAD obstruction which improved with glyceryl trinitrate administration to a residual 30% stenosis. Optical coherence tomography demonstrated fibrous plaque in the proximal LAD and confirmed a 30% stenosis. The findings were consistent with coronary vasospasm. Troponin T peaked at 4,533 ng/L. The patient was commenced on nifedipine, ramipril, aspirin and rosuvastatin. Follow-up echocardiography showed mild to moderate left ventricular impairment. Conclusion: The case above outlines the important but rare cause of coronary vasospasm in a patient with chest pain receiving ergometrine infusion.
Women's Heart Clinics to Prevent Cardiovascular Disease in Women With Pregnancy-related Risk Factors: A Prospective Study; Importance: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), and having a small for gestational age (SGA) baby increase a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Despite this, evidence for models of care that mitigate CVD risk is lacking. Objective: To assess the effectiveness of a Women's Heart Clinic (WHC) on blood pressure (BP) and lipid control. Method: A six-month prospective cohort study of women aged 30-55 years with a past pregnancy diagnosis of HDP, GDM or an SGA baby attended a multidisciplinary WHC in Melbourne, Australia. The co-primary endpoints were: 1) BP<140/90mmHg or <130/80mmHg if diabetes mellitus and 2) total cholesterol to high density lipoprotein-cholesterol ratio (TC:HDL-C)<4.5. Results: 156 women were recruited with a mean age of 41.0±4.2years, a mean of 3.9±2.9 years from last delivery with 23.1% past HDP, 60.3% GDM, 13.5% both HDP and GDM and, 3.2% with an SGA baby. The proportion meeting BP target increased (69.2% to 80.5%, p=0.004); no change in lipid targets (80.6% to 83.7%, p=0.182), and reductions in mean systolic BP(-6.9mmHg, 95% confidence interval (CI): -9.1,-4.7, p<0.001), body mass index (-0.6kg/m2, CI: -0.8,-0.3, p<0.001), LDL-cholesterol (0.1mmol/L, CI: 0-0.2, p=0.042) and total cholesterol (0.1mmol/L, CI: 0-0.2, p=0.042). Heart-healthy lifestyle improved: increased fish/olive oil (36.5% to 51.0%, p=0.012), decreased fast food (33.8% to 11.0%, p<0.001) consumption, improved exercise targets (84.0% to 92.9%, p=0.025). Conclusion: Women at high risk for CVD due to past pregnancy-related conditions experienced significant improvements in multiple cardiovascular risk factors, after attending a Women's Heart Clinic with potential improved long-term CVD outcomes.
Sociodemographic and Clinical Characteristics Associated With Improved Awareness of Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Women With Past Pregnancy Complications; Background: Women with past pregnancy complications of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and/or having small for gestational age (SGA) babies have increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We investigated women's awareness of their CVD risk after a Women's Heart Clinic (WHC) and variables associated with higher CVD risk awareness. Methods: Women aged 30–55 years with past GDM, HDP and/or SGA babies were recruited into a 6-month prospective cohort study with a WHC intervention. A CVD Knowledge Survey was used to assess women's awareness of their CVD risk at baseline and 6-months following the WHC. McNemar's test was used to assess awareness of CVD risk before and after the WHC. Logistic regression was used to assess variables associated with improved understanding of CVD risk after the WHC. Results: 156 women (mean age 41.0±4.2 years) were recruited, with 23.1% HDP only, 60.3% GDM only, 13.5% both HDM/GDM, and 3.2% SGA baby. At baseline, 37.2% (95% CI: 29.6%-44.8%) of women had understood their CVD risk. CVD risk awareness improved significantly after the WHC (37.2% to 76.1%, p<0.001). Women who improved their CVD risk awareness were more likely to have private health insurance (OR 4.24, 95% CI 1.65-11.42; p=0.03), be overweight (body mass index>25) (OR 3.55 95% CI 1.52-8.80; p=0.004) and be diagnosed with non-gestational hypertension (OR 2.88, 94% CI 1.11-8.39; p=0.038). Conclusion: Only a third of women understood that past pregnancy diagnosis with HDP, GDM and/or SGA increased their CVD risk. CVD risk awareness significantly improved after attending a WHC.
Conservative Treatment of Fetal Goitrous Hypothyroidism Due to Thyroglobulin Mutations: A Case Report and Literature Review; With the advances in fetal medicine, there will be more cases of congenital hypothyroidism (CH) diagnosed in the fetal period. However, there is no consensus on the management protocol. We present a successful case of conservatively managed fetal goitrous hypothyroidism due to compound heterozygous TG mutations. Goiter was observed in a fetus at 23 weeks of gestation. Because there was no evidence of transplacental passage of antithyroid antibody and drugs, iodine overload, and iodine deficiency, the fetus was highly suspected to have CH. Considering the potential risks of amniocentesis/cordocentesis, and lack of available parenteral levothyroxine in China, the fetus was closely monitored thereafter. A male neonate was delivered vaginally without complications at 39 weeks of gestation. We verified severe hypothyroidism in the infant and immediately initiated levothyroxine therapy. His growth and mental development were normal at the age of 8 month. Whole-exome sequencing showed that the neonate had two compound heterozygous mutations in the TG gene. We also performed a literature review of the prognosis of postnatal treatment of CH due to TG mutations and the result showed that postnatal treatment of CH due to TG mutations has a favorable prognosis. However, further prospective studies are warranted to verify this conclusion.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Gynecology and Obstetrics (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the “fourth-trimester” concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
EFFECTS OF DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, OR LOW SELF-ESTEEM UPON GLYCEMIC VARIABILITY, IN DIABETIC PREGNANT VERSUS NON-PREGNANT PATIENTS; Objective. We analyzed the correlation between glycemic variability and psychological problems such as depression, anxiety disorder, and low self-esteem in pregnant and non-pregnant (excluding gestational diabetes) patients with diabetes. Besides its originality, this study might contribute to better / earlier diagnosis of these psychological conditions, with a special interest in pregnant diabetic women. Better management and cost reduction of care could be a consequence. Methods. We compared diabetic pregnant and non-pregnant women from the perspective of the glycemic variability (for a period of 15 days prior inclusion in the study) and their results on the standardized questionnaires: Beck depression inventory, Hamilton anxiety scale – HRSA, Rosenberg self-esteem test. Results and Conclusions. A statistically significant correlation was identified in both groups between the glycemic oscillation and depression, anxiety, and low self-esteem. Diabetic pregnant women had a higher statistical significance for the correlation between the glycemic oscillation and depression, as well as between the glycemic oscillation and anxiety than non-pregnant diabetic patients. The present data justify further research. Our results could be developed into a preliminary intervention protocol, using the daily glycemic values measurements, collected by patients.
Comparison of fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology between the infants of mothers with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus and normal controls; Objective: To compare fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the controls Patients and methods: Pregnant women at average risk of GDM underwent 100-g, 3-h-OGTT at 24–28 weeks of gestation for diagnosis of GDM. Both GDM group and the control group underwent fetal echocardiography at 32–36 weeks to assess cardiac dimensions. The neonates underwent echocardiography within 48 h after birth to assess cardiac morphology. Results: A total of 154 pregnant women were recruited, including 60 in the GDM group and 94 in the control group. All of the study group were well controlled for GDM. Most baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. All obstetric outcomes were not significantly different between the two groups. Morphological cardiac dimensions in the fetuses and newborns of both groups were also not significant different. Subgroup analysis in the study group showed no significantly different in cardiac morphology between the group with diet control and that of insulin control. Conclusion: Fetal and neonatal cardiac morphologic changes among mothers with well-controlled GDM are not significantly different from those in the controls. It is possible that good control of maternal blood glucose can prevent fetal and neonatal cardiac abnormalities.
Cardiorespiratory Monitoring Data to Predict Respiratory Outcomes in Extremely Preterm Infants; Rationale: Immature control of breathing is associated with apnea, periodic breathing, intermittent hypoxemia, and bradycardia in extremely preterm infants. However, it is not clear if such events independently predict worse respiratory outcome. Objectives: To determine if analysis of cardiorespiratory monitoring data can predict unfavorable respiratory outcomes at 40 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA) and other outcomes, such as bronchopulmonary dysplasia at 36 weeks PMA. Methods: The Prematurity-related Ventilatory Control (PreVent) study was an observational multicenter prospective cohort study including infants born at,29 weeks of gestation with continuous cardiorespiratory monitoring. The primary outcome was either “favorable” (alive and previously discharged or inpatient and off respiratory medications/O2/support at 40 wk PMA) or “unfavorable” (either deceased or inpatient/previously discharged on respiratory medications/O2/support at 40 wk PMA). Measurements and Main Results: A total of 717 infants were evaluated (median birth weight, 850 g; gestation, 26.4 wk), 53.7% of whom had a favorable outcome and 46.3% of whom had an unfavorable outcome. Physiologic data predicted unfavorable outcome, with accuracy improving with advancing age (area under the curve, 0.79 at Day 7, 0.85 at Day 28 and 32 wk PMA). The physiologic variable that contributed most to prediction was intermittent hypoxemia with oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry,90%. Models with clinical data alone or combining physiologic and clinical data also had good accuracy, with areas under the curve of 0.84–0.85 at Days 7 and 14 and 0.86–0.88 at Day 28 and 32 weeks PMA. Intermittent hypoxemia with oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry,80% was the major physiologic predictor of severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia and death or mechanical ventilation at 40 weeks PMA. Conclusions: Physiologic data are independently associated with unfavorable respiratory outcome in extremely preterm infants.
Feto maternal outcome in patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy in a tertiary care centre in Kashmir; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) or postpartum cardiomyopathy is an uncommon form of heart failure that occurs during the last month of pregnancy or up to 5 months postpartum. The exact incidence is uncertain perhaps due to the misdiagnosis of this entity. The aim of the study was to understand the clinical profile, risk factors and management of the patients with PPCM and their fetomaternal outcome. Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gyneacology Government Medical College Srinagar over a period of 30 months between October 2019 to April 2022.The study included women who had features of heart failure in the last 6 weeks of pregnancy or 5 months postpartum, with absence of other identifiable causes of heart failure or absence of features of heart failure prior to the last month of pregnancy and absence of left ventricular dysfunction prior to this. Results: Most of our patients were multigravid as with a mean age of 31years.14 out of 22 cases presented with complaints of dyspnea. 63% of patients had ejection fraction between 26-35%. Hypertension was present as a risk factor in 45.4% cases. Maternal Mortality was 5out of 22 patients and Neonatal Mortality was 2 out of 22 cases. Conclusion: Our prospective cohort study concluded that the maternal outcome was poor in cases with decreased ejection fraction and severe symptoms. Early identification and management of the disease is a crucial step for improvising the feto-maternal outcome. An integral slant comprising of the cardiologist, intensivist, obstetrician and perinatologist is required for a successful fetomaternal outcome.
Thirty years of fruitful collaborations between a physician and mass spectrometrists in diabetes field; The nonenzymatic protein glycation and the subsequent formation of advanced glycation end products is a process involved in the long-term complications of diabetes. In this context the collaboration, in the last 30 years, between my research group, operating in the DPT of Medicine of Padua University, and the mass spectrometric group, operating in CNR of Padua, are described and discussed. The development of new mass spectrometric techniques has allowed investigation more indepth, starting from the applications on small molecules responsible for the browning observed in the interactions between sugars and proteins, and growing up to intact proteins as albumin, immunoglobulin, hemoglobin, and so forth, with the determination of their glycation levels as well as their glycation sites. This study has helped to clarify the role of advanced glycation end products in the pathogenesis of the chronic complications of diabetes. In particular the results obtained in diabetic nephropathy, diabetic cardiovascular disease and in placenta samples of patients affected by gestational diabetes are described in this review.
Mass spectrometry-based "omics" technologies for the study of gestational diabetes and the discovery of new biomarkers; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications occurring during pregnancy. Diagnosis is performed by oral glucose tolerance test, but harmonized testing methods and thresholds are still lacking worldwide. Short-term and long-term effects include obesity, type 2 diabetes, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. The identification and validation of sensitidve, selective, and robust biomarkers for early diagnosis during the first trimester of pregnancy are required, as well as for the prediction of possible adverse outcomes after birth. Mass spectrometry (MS)-based omics technologies are nowadays the method of choice to characterize various pathologies at a molecular level. Proteomics and metabolomics of GDM were widely investigated in the last 10 years, and various proteins and metabolites were proposed as possible biomarkers. Metallomics of GDM was also reported, but studies are limited in number. The present review focuses on the description of the different analytical methods and MS-based instrumental platforms applied to GDM-related omics studies. Preparation procedures for various biological specimens are described and results are briefly summarized. Generally, only preliminary findings are reported by current studies and further efforts are required to determine definitive GDM biomarkers.
APPLYING CRITICAL RACE FEMINISM TO EXPLORE BARRIERS AND FACILITATORS TO POSTPARTUM PRIMARY CARE UTILIZATION AMONG BLACK WOMEN WITH CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE RISK FACTORS: A QUALITATIVE STUDY; BACKGROUND: Black women with pregnancy complications, including excess gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes and hypertension, have a high risk for future chronic disease. Effective transitioning to primary care in the postpartum period may reduce chronic disease risk factors and thus improve racial disparities in maternal health and long-term health. Utilization of postpartum primary care is lower for Black (vs. White) women, but few studies have explored the unique experiences of Black postpartum women, while considering the intersecting influences of racism, sexism, and classism on their lived experiences. Our objectives are to: 1) identify barriers and facilitators to postpartum primary care utilization among Black women with cardiometabolic risk factor and 2) explore the cultural, social, and historical context that may influence postpartum primary care utilization among Black postpartum women with cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We recruited 18 Black women within one year of delivery with cardiometabolic complications prior to or during pregnancy (pre-pregnancy chronic hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes) from early home visiting programs in Baltimore, Maryland. We conducted in-depth interviews from May 2020-June 2021. Two researchers trained in qualitative analysis conducted and analyzed the data. We created predetermined codes guided by critical race feminism theory and the research objectives. We used a hybrid inductive and deductive thematic analysis to identify codes and themes. RESULTS: We identified eight main themes: 1) limited knowledge on the concept and need for postpartum primary care 2) gaps in care transitions and communication between the obstetric and primary care providers 3) pregnancy and childbirth as critical life experiences that influence postpartum health and future well-being 4) unique mental health and wellness needs that emerge postpartum 5) patientprovider relationship affecting care experiences 6) structural and personally mediated racism not explicitly articulated, but present and ubiquitous influences 7) intersectional experiences of Black motherhood/womanhood as sources of unique stress and resilience and 8) sociocultural ideals about health and healthcare influence care-seeking. CONCLUSIONS: Black women's experiences before, during, and after pregnancy provide valuable insights into facilitators and barriers to utilizing postpartum primary care. Interventions at the patient, provider, and system levels that are attentive to intersectional identities and lived expereinces, may promote health equity for Black women's postpartum primary care and ultimately improve maternal and cardiovascular health.
Oligohydramnios: A risk of adverse perinatal outcomes; Introduction: Oligohydramnios is diagnosed when amniotic fluid index is less than 5. The incidence is between 1% and 4.4%. Although there are various maternal, fetal and placental contributory factors, the cause in the majority of cases is unknown. Most oligohydramnios cases warrant obstetric intervention. Case Description: A 22-year-old, Gravida 3 Parity 1+1 lady was diagnosed to have gestational diabetes at 15 weeks of gestation, which was well controlled with diet throughout pregnancy. At 34 weeks of gestation, ultrasound examination showed oligohydramnios. Ultrasound assessment confirmed both fetal kidneys were present, and bladder was seen. End diastolic flow was present in umbilical doppler and estimated fetal weight was 2.07 kilograms. After the administration of dexamethasone for fetal lung maturity, induction of labour was started with Cook's balloon catheter. After 5 hours, cardiotocograph showed fetal tachycardia with a non-reassuring tracing. The emergency lower segment caesarean section was performed and a baby of 2.07 kilograms was born with Apgar score 1 in 1 minute and 5 minutes. Umbilical cord blood pH of artery and vein were 7.35 and 7.338 respectively. The baby passed away the next day. Discussion: Pregnancy with oligohydramnios have a higher chance of g induction of labour which is beneficial. Pregnancies complicated with only oligohydramnios without underlying disorders may not be associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. But there is evidence that oligohydramnios cases with underlying disorders, their labours are likely to be associated with abnormal cardiotocographs, a higher rate of emergency caesarean sections and adverse neonatal outcomes.
Amniotic fluid embolism: A successful outcome; Introduction: Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE), characterized by sudden cardiorespiratory collapse and disseminated intravascular coagulation, is a rare obstetric emergency with a high maternal mortality rate. An estimated 2-6/100,000 pregnancies are affected by amniotic fluid embolism and comprise of 10% of maternal deaths. Case Description: A 37-yearold, G7P6 at 37 weeks of gestation, was admitted for expectant management of asymptomatic major placenta praevia since 34 weeks. She was diagnosed with asymptomatic sinus arrhythmia with resolved bradycardia in 2020. Her last echocardiogram in September 2020 was reported as normal. She also had chronic hypertension not on treatment, and a history of macrosomia with an uneventful vaginal delivery. The patient developed contractions and vaginal bleeding prior to her planned operation hence emergency caesarean section was performed. During the delivery, patient developed: 1) cardiac arrest requiring intubation and cardioversion, and 2) primary postpartum haemorrhage secondary to disseminated intravascular insemination requiring massive blood transfusion. Hysterectomy and bilateral internal iliac artery ligation were then performed. The baby weighed 3.7 kg and was admitted to the Neonatal Ward for transient tachypnoea of the newborn with a good Apgar score. Postoperatively, she was nursed in the Intensive Care Unit, and extubated the day after. On day 3, she developed intra-abdominal bleeding from the bladder base and retroperitoneal areas, requiring re-laparotomy and haemostatic sutures. Discussion: Studies vary depending on how the data is collected, but the mortality rate is as high as 60%. Prompt management and treatment of patients with AFE will improve survival. Survivors may have long-term physical or psychological side effects.
Inflammation and decreased cardiovagal modulation are linked to stress and depression at 36th week of pregnancy in gestational diabetes mellitus; Stress and depression have been reported in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Though inflammation and oxidative stress are associated with depression, there are no reports of link of cardiometabolic risks (CMR) to stress and depression in GDM. Normal pregnant women (control group, n = 164) and women with GDM (study group, n = 176) at 36th week of gestation were recruited for the study. Blood pressure (BP), body composition, heart rate variability (HRV), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), markers of insulin resistance, oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, were assessed. Perceived stress score (PSS), quality of life (QoL) scale, Indian diabetic risk score (IDRS) and Edinburg postnatal depression score (EPDS) were assessed. Association of potential contributors to PSS and EDPS were assessed by correlation and regression analyses. There was significant increase in PSS, EPDS, IDRS scores, HbA1C, malondialdehyde (MDA) (oxidative stress marker) and high-sensitive C-reactive protein and interleukin-6 (inflammatory markers), and significant decrease in total power (TP) of HRV (marker of cardiovagal modulation), QoL and nitric oxide (endothelial dysfunction marker) in study group compared to control group. Though many cardiometabolic risk parameters were correlated with PSS and EPDS, the significant independent association was observed for TP, HbA1C, MDA and interleukin-6. However, interleukin-6 had maximum contribution to PSS (β = 0.550, p < 0.001) and EPDS (β = 0.393, p < 0.001) as demonstrated by multiple regression analysis. Inflammation, oxidative stress, glycation status and decreased cardiovagal modulation are associated with stress and depression at 36th week of gestation in GDM.
Congenital Heart Disease Diagnosed With Echocardiogram In Newborns With Asymptomatic Cardiac Murmurs; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is defined as a gross structural abnormality of the heart or intrathoracic great vessels that causes significant functional impairment. Twenty-eight percentage of all major congenital anomalies consists of heart defects and along with neural tube defects they account for two-thirds of all congenital malformations. The estimated birth prevalence of CHD is 8/1000 live births with a significant geographical difference. A recent systemic review reported that the highest prevalence (9.3/1000 live births) was in Asia due to high birth rate and consanguineous marriages and the lowest prevalence was in Africa (8.2/1000 live births). In India, over 180,000 children are born with CHD every year with state-wise variation and contribute to 10% of the present infant mortality. Nearly one-third of the CHD are critical requiring intervention in the 1st year of life. Methods: This was a cross sectional study carried out in the Department of Paediatrics, Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences, Karad, Maharashtra, India, for one and half year. 100 term neonates with asymptomatic, non-syndromic cardiac murmurs noticed during routine neonatal examination were studied. Results: Among the 100 newborns with ANCM, 81 newborns were diagnosed with Echo as having CHD, and atrial septal defect was the most common congenital malformation. 7 out of 100 newborns with ANCM diagnosed with CHD were referred to higher centre for cardiac intervention. Conclusion: On the basis of present study, routine 2d echo screening is advised for all babies with ANCM since 81% of our ANCM’s were diagnosed to have CHD, rest of which 8.6% cases require immediate cardiac referral.
Role of metformin in the management of type 2 diabetes: recent advances; Metformin is one of the oldest antidiabetic medications, commonly used in the management of type 2 diabetes. Its mechanism of action is based on reducing glucose production in the liver, decreasing insulin resistance, and increasing insulin sensitivity. The drug has been studied extensively and has been shown to be effective in lowering blood glucose levels without increasing the risk of hypoglycemia. It has been used for the treatment of obesity, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. According to current guidelines, metformin can be used as the first-line agent in the management of diabetes; however, in individuals with type 2 diabetes who would benefit from cardio-renal protection, newer agents, such as sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors and glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists, are favored as the first-line therapy. The novel classes of antidiabetic medications have demonstrated significant positive effects on glycemia with added benefits in patients with obesity, renal disease, heart failure, and cardiovascular disease. The emergence of these more effective agents has significantly altered the way diabetes is managed, thus prompting re-evaluation of metformin as the initial therapy for all patients with diabetes.
Aneurysms of the fetal arterial duct are usually benign; Introduction: Fetal arterial duct aneurysm, saccular, or fusiform enlargement of the arterial duct affect > 8% of pregnancies. It is uncommonly associated with serious sequelae postnatally, including thromboembolic events such as stroke and left pulmonary artery obstruction, rupture with demise, and vocal cord compression. Risk factors include maternal diabetes, late maternal age, maternal blood type A, large size for gestational age, and connective tissue disorders. The clinical importance remains unknown, making it difficult to determine how to monitor this finding postnatally. Methods: This is a retrospective echocardiogram study assessing the outcomes of fetally diagnosed arterial duct aneurysm. Images and records were reviewed to confirm the diagnosis and assess risk factors and outcomes. Descriptive statistics were performed. Results: Fifty-three affected fetuses were identified. The median gestational age at diagnosis was 34.9 weeks (IQR 32.6, 36.6). The median maternal age was 31 years (IQR 27.3-34.1). Eight (15%) had maternal diabetes. The most common blood type was type O. The median maximal dimension of the aneurysm was 7.6 mm (IQR 6.1, 8.7). The aortic end was the maximal dimension in 67.9%. Median postnatal follow-up period was 76 days (IQR 7.5, 368). No patients sustained postnatal demise related to the duct, rupture of the ductal aneurysm, cerebral infarction, or other sequelae. No newborn had associated connective tissue disorders. No patients underwent ductal intervention. Conclusion: In our experience, no adverse outcomes related to the ductal aneurysm were identified. This should be considered when counselling families about the need for postnatal follow-up.
Emergency internal iliac artery temporary occlusion after massive hemorrhage during surgery of cesarean scar pregnancy: A case report; BACKGROUND Cesarean scar pregnancy (CSP) is rare but may result in uterine rupture during pregnancy or massive hemorrhage during abortion procedures. Awareness of this condition is increasing, and most patients with CSP are now diagnosed early and can be managed safely. However, some atypical patients are misdiagnosed, and their surgical risks are underestimated, increasing the risk of fatal hemorrhage. CASE SUMMARY A 27-year-old Asian woman visited our institution because of abnormal pregnancy, and she was diagnosed with a hydatidiform mole through transvaginal ultrasound (TVS). Under hysteroscopy, a large amount of placental tissue was found in the scar of the lower uterine segment, and a sudden massive hemorrhage occurred during the removal process. The bilateral internal iliac arteries were temporarily blocked under laparoscopy, and scar resection and repair were rapidly performed. She was discharged in good condition 5 d after the operation. CONCLUSION Although TVS is widely used in the diagnosis of CSP, delays in the diagnosis of atypical CSP remain. Surgical treatment following internal iliac artery temporary occlusion may be an appropriate management method for unanticipated massive hemorrhage during CSP surgery.
Pregnancy as an Early Cardiovascular Moment: Peripartum Cardiovascular Health; Pregnancy is commonly referred to as a window into future CVH (cardiovascular health). During pregnancy, physiological adaptations occur to promote the optimal growth and development of the fetus. However, in approximately 20% of pregnant individuals, these perturbations result in cardiovascular and metabolic complications, which include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, and small-for-gestational age infant. The biological processes that lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes begin before pregnancy with higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes observed among those with poor prepregnancy CVH. Individuals who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes are also at higher risk of subsequent development of cardiovascular disease, which is largely explained by the interim development of traditional risk factors, such as hypertension and diabetes. Therefore, the peripartum period, which includes the period before (prepregnancy), during, and after pregnancy (postpartum), represents an early cardiovascular moment or window of opportunity when CVH should be measured, monitored, and modified (if needed). However, it remains unclear whether adverse pregnancy outcomes reflect latent risk for cardiovascular disease that is unmasked in pregnancy or if adverse pregnancy outcomes are themselves an independent and causal risk factor for future cardiovascular disease. Understanding the pathophysiologic mechanisms and pathways linking prepregnancy CVH, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and cardiovascular disease are necessary to develop strategies tailored for each stage in the peripartum period. Emerging evidence suggests the utility of subclinical cardiovascular disease screening with biomarkers (eg, natriuretic peptides) or imaging (eg, computed tomography for coronary artery calcium or echocardiography for adverse cardiac remodeling) to identify risk-enriched postpartum populations and target for more intensive strategies with health behavior interventions or pharmacological treatments. However, evidence-based guidelines focused on adults with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are needed to prioritize the prevention of cardiovascular disease during the reproductive years and beyond.
Comparison of Stroke Recurrence, Cardiovascular Events, and Death among Patients with Pregnancy-Associated vs Non-Pregnancy-Associated Stroke; Importance: Women with pregnancy-associated stroke might have different risks of stroke recurrence, including during subsequent pregnancies, and other cardiovascular events due to pregnancy-specific stroke risk factors, such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or gestational diabetes. Objective: To estimate the rate of stroke recurrence, cardiovascular hospitalization, and death in women with pregnancy-associated stroke compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke. Design, Setting, and Participants: This cohort study included all women aged 15 to 49 years in France who were affiliated with the general scheme of French health care insurance (94% of women) and had a first hospitalization for stroke between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2018. Women were followed up until December 31, 2020, with the registration of stroke recurrence, hospitalization for cardiovascular conditions, and death. Data were from the French health care database Système National des Données de Santé. Statistical analyses were conducted between December 2021 and September 2022. Exposure: Pregnancy status at the time of stroke. Main Outcomes and Measures: Poisson regressions were used to estimate incidence rates of these events with 95% CIs. We used Cox proportional hazards regression models to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) of each event during the follow-up for women with a pregnancy-associated stroke vs women with a non-pregnancy-associated stroke. Results: Among women aged between 15 and 49 years between 2010 and 2018 and living in France, 1204 had a pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean (SD) age of 31.5 (5.8) years, and 31697 had a non-pregnancy-associated stroke at a mean age of 39.6 (8.2) years. Among the 1204 women with a pregnancy-associated stroke, the incidence rate was 11.4 (95% CI, 9.0-14.3) per 1000 person-years, with 2 recurrent events during a subsequent pregnancy. Compared with women with non-pregnancy-associated stroke, women with pregnancy-associated stroke had lower risks of ischemic stroke (adjusted HR, 0.53; 95% CI, 0.36-0.77), cardiovascular events (adjusted HR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.49-0.69), and death (adjusted HR, 0.42; 95% CI, 0.22-0.79). In contrast, the risk of recurrent intracerebral hemorrhage and cerebral venous thrombosis did not differ significantly, whereas the risks of venous thromboembolism (HR, 2.02; 95% CI, 1.14-3.58) and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation (HR, 3.93; 95% CI, 1.10-14.0) were increased. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, although the risks of ischemic stroke, overall cardiovascular events, and mortality were lower after a pregnancy-associated stroke than after a non-pregnancy-associated stroke, the risks of venous thromboembolism and acute coronary syndrome with ST-segment elevation were higher. Recurrent stroke during a subsequent pregnancy remained rare.
Role of advanced (magnetic resonance) neuroimaging and clinical outcomes in neonatal strokes: Experience from tertiary care center; Neonatal strokes constitute a major cause of pediatric mortality and morbidity. Neuroimaging helps in its diagnosis as well as prognostication. However, advanced imaging, including magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), carries multiple challenges. Limited data exists in the literature on imaging-based predictors of neurological outcomes in neonatal stroke in the Indian population. In this study, we reviewed our available data on neonatal stroke patients between 2015 and 2020 for clinico-radiological patterns. During this period, 17 neonatal strokes were admitted and the majority were term births with a slight male preponderance. Seizures and encephalopathy were the most common presentation. Multiple maternal risk factors such as gestational diabetes, meconium-stained liquor, APLA syndrome, fever, deranged coagulation profile, oligohydramnios, cord prolapse, and non-progressive labor were seen. Cardiac abnormalities were seen in only less than half of these patients with the most common finding being atrial septal defects (ASD). Transcranial ultrasound was performed in eight neonates and the pick-up rate of ultrasound was poor. MR imaging showed large infarcts in 11 patients. The MCA territory was most commonly involved. Interestingly, five neonates had venous thrombosis with three showing it in addition to arterial thrombosis. Associated ictal, as well as Wallerian changes, were noted in 10. Although large territorial infarcts were the most common pattern, non-contrast MR angiography did not show major vessel occlusion in these cases. Outcomes were fairly good and only three patients had a residual motor deficit at 1 year. No recurrence of stroke was seen in any of the neonates.
Antenatal Hyperechogenic Colon and Cystinuria; A male newborn was investigated for history of antenatal hyperechogenic colon (HEC) detected at 32 weeks of gestation. In the first week of life, urinary ultrasonography showed nephrolithiasis. Urinary amino acid analysis expressed increased excretion of dibasic amino acids, and high urinary cystine levels were detected in both spot and 24-hour urine specimens. He was diagnosed as cystinuria, and genetic analysis of the patient revealed a heterozygous mutation in SLC7A9 gene. Antenatal presentation of cystinuria with HEC is rare and reported to be associated with a more severe disease course.
Association of plant-based dietary patterns in first trimester of pregnancy with gestational weight gain: results from a prospective birth cohort; Background/objectives: Plant-based dietary patterns are becoming more popular worldwide. We aimed to examine the relationship between plant-based dietary patterns and the risk of inadequate or excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) in Iranian pregnant women. Methods: We prospectively followed 657 pregnant women in Iran. Adherence to the plant-based diet, represented by plant-based (PDI), healthy (hPDI) and unhealthy plant-based (uPDI) dietary indexes was evaluated by applying a 90-item food frequency questionnaire during the first trimester of pregnancy. Multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional-hazards regression model was used to compute hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) across quartiles of plant-based diet scores. Results: Over 25,562 person-weeks of follow-up, we documented 106 and 294 participants with inadequate and excessive GWG, respectively. We found a strong inverse association between adherence to the PDI and inadequate GWG after adjustment for demographic and confounding variables. Women in the highest quartile of the PDI had 50% lower risk of inadequate GWG than those in the lowest quartile (adjusted HR: 0.50; 95%CI 0.29, 0.89; P = 0.02). No significant association was found between hPDI and uPDI and inadequate GWG. There was no association between PDI, hPDI, and uPDI and the risk of excessive GWG. Conclusions: Greater adherence to a plant-based diet during the first trimester of pregnancy may be associated with a lower risk of inadequate GWG. This finding needs to be confirmed in larger cohort studies, considering other pregnancy outcomes such as birth weight and the potential changes across the trimester in terms of food types and quantity.
New onset MDA-5 positive dermatomyositis and massive perivillous fibrin deposition in third trimester of pregnancy: A case report; We report a case of a 42-year-old woman (Gravida 1, Para 1) who presented in her third trimester of pregnancy with a photo distributed eruption and arthralgias and was subsequently diagnosed with dermatomyositis. She had an emergency Caesarean section at 34 weeks plus 6 days gestation due to decreased fetal movements and non-reassuring fetal heart rate. Her placenta was sent for histopathology and showed features of massive perivillous fibrin deposition. To our knowledge, this is the first case of MDA-5 positive dermatomyositis in pregnancy with a live delivery.
Effect of third trimester maternal vitamin D levels on placental weight to birth weight ratio in uncomplicated pregnancies; Objectives: Vitamin D has critical role for the fetal and placental development. Today, placental weight (PW), fetal birth weight (BW), and the PW/BW ratio are used as markers of fetal development. The aim of this study is to evaluate the relationship between vitamin D levels and these markers in uncomplicated pregnancies. Methods: This study included 108 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, defined as full-term and healthy pregnancies without perinatal complications. Vitamin D levels <12 ng/mL were classified as deficient, 12-20 ng/mL as insufficient, and >20 ng/mL as normal. Postnatal BW and PW were compared according to maternal serum vitamin D levels. Results: Maternal age, maternal height, maternal weight, body mass index, nulliparity, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery, and fetal gender were similar between groups. Postnatal BW, PW, fetal height at birth, and fetal head circumference parameters were similar between the groups. The PW/BW ratio was 21.77±2.20 in the vitamin D deficient group, 21.20±2.40 in the insufficient group, and 19.98±2.37 in the normal group (p=0.012). In addition, there was a significant negative correlation between vitamin D level and the PW/BW ratio (p=0.012, r=0.031). Conclusions: Our results indicated that PW/BW ratio which is the marker for prediction adverse perinatal outcomes were significantly increased in the presence of vitamin D deficiency and insufficiency.
Sex differences in type 2 diabetes; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in both sexes, but men are usually diagnosed at a younger age and lower body fat mass than women. Worldwide, an estimated 17.7 million more men than women have diabetes mellitus. Women appear to bear a greater risk factor burden at the time of their type 2 diabetes diagnosis, especially obesity. Moreover, psychosocial stress might play a more prominent role in diabetes risk in women. Across their lifespan, women experience greater hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors than men. Pregnancies can unmask pre-existing metabolic abnormalities, resulting in the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which appears to be the most prominent risk factor for progression to type 2 diabetes in women. Additionally, menopause increases women’s cardiometabolic risk profile. Due to the progressive rise in obesity, there is a global increase in women with pregestational type 2 diabetes, often with inadequate preconceptual care. There are differences between men and women regarding type 2 diabetes and other cardiovascular risk factors with respect to comorbidities, the manifestation of complications and the initiation of and adherence to therapy. Women with type 2 diabetes show greater relative risk of CVD and mortality than men. Moreover, young women with type 2 diabetes are currently less likely than men to receive the treatment and CVD risk reduction recommended by guidelines. Current medical recommendations do not provide information on sex-specific or gender-sensitive prevention strategies and management. Thus, more research on sex differences, including the underlying mechanisms, is necessary to increase the evidence in the future. Nonetheless, intensified efforts to screen for glucose metabolism disorders and other cardiovascular risk factors, as well as the early establishment of prophylactic measures and aggressive risk management strategies, are still required for both men and women at increased risk of type 2 diabetes. In this narrative review we aim to summarise sex-specific clinical features and differences between women and men with type 2 diabetes into risk factors, screening, diagnosis, complications and treatment. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Preventing Adverse Cardiovascular Outcomes in Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity; Purpose of Review: Obesity is a chronic disease that is becoming increasingly prevalent, and more individuals of reproductive age have obesity prior to becoming pregnant. Obesity in pregnancy is associated with short- and long-term adverse consequences for both the birthing person and their offspring which have been associated with increased long-term cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The goal of this review is to discuss what is currently understood about the relationship between maternal obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), the association between APOs and future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, and what evidence-based interventions can be implemented to prevent adverse outcomes in this population. Recent Findings: Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of APOs such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preterm birth as well as an increased risk of future CVD, such as metabolic syndrome, chronic hypertension, coronary heart disease, and stroke. The impact of maternal obesity also extends beyond the pregnant individual to the offspring, increasing the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality, as well as of congenital malformations, prematurity, and long-term health problems such as insulin resistance and childhood obesity. Prevention guidelines are incorporating the increased risk of adverse outcomes from maternal obesity into formalized risk assessments to guide both prenatal and postpartum care. It is becoming evident that a multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics team is an important part of providing comprehensive care for pregnant individuals with obesity and other cardiovascular risk factors, including preexisting CVD and a history of prior APOs. There remains a need for further studies to better understand the mechanisms underlying the relationship between maternal obesity and APOs, as well as the racial and ethnic disparities that have been noted in the prevalence of APOs and associated CVD risk and mortality. Summary: There is increasing awareness that obesity in pregnancy is associated with various short- and long-term adverse maternal and offspring outcomes. There are multiple screening and prevention strategies that may be implemented before, during, and after pregnancy to prevent these adverse outcomes.
Prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, associated factors and pregnancy complications in a primigravida population; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are among obstetrics' most intriguing and yet unsolved problems. It is one of the major causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. This study estimates the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, their associated risk factors and pregnancy complications in primiparous women. Methods: All primigravida who gave birth in our hospital from December 2020 to December 2021 were included in the study. The prevalence, risk factors, mode of delivery, and maternal and fetal outcomes of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravidae were collected from the patient's medical records. Statistical analysis was done using the SPSS 18.0 software package. The Chi-square test was used to analyse the association between the risk factors and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravida. Results: A total of 807 women were included in the study, and the mean age was 26.34 ​± ​3.84 years. The prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in primigravidae was found to be 18.6%. Among the prevalent population, 79.3% of women had gestational hypertension. The findings indicate that hypertension in pregnancy has a significant relationship with risk factors such as increased maternal age (p ​< ​0.004), family history of hypertension in pregnancy (p ​< ​0.001), body mass index >30 ​kg/m2(p ​< ​0.001), hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (p ​< ​0.001), IVF pregnancy (p ​< ​0.004) and polycystic ovary syndrome (p ​< ​0.001). The most reported adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes were placental abruption (p ​< ​0.001), postpartum haemorrhage (p ​< ​0.001), prematurity (p ​< ​0.001), and fetal growth restriction (p ​< ​0.001). Conclusion: The study emphasises the importance of knowledge and timely assessment of risk factors of HDP. It also highlights the need for pre-conceptional counselling, which includes early detection, careful monitoring and treatment of HDP for preventing morbidity and mortality related to this disorder and it should be followed up even in the postpartum period.
Short-Term Outcomes of Singleton Newborns Born to Very Advanced Age Mothers—A Case Control Study in a Single Maternity and Neonatal Center in Israel; Background: Increasing rates of very advanced maternal age (VAMA, 45 years of age and older) are reported worldwide. Data are available on maternal pregnancy-related morbidity, but they are lacking on the infants’ overall post-partum well-being, including congenital malformations, neonatal complications, and breastfeeding status. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review during the period of 7 years (January 2013 to December 2019). Clinical data recorded in the medical files of 626 VAMA mothers and their singleton newborns in comparison to matched controls comprised advanced maternal age (AMA) mothers and mothers between 20 and 35 years of age. Univariate and multivariate analysis of the data was performed. Results: The infants were significantly less exclusively breastfed during hospitalization (17.4% vs 33.9% and 32.1%, respectively, P <.001). The rate of early transient hypoglycemia was also significantly higher among the newborns of VAMA mothers compared to the AMA and younger-aged mothers (14.7% vs 11.8% and 7%, respectively, P <.001), as was special care unit hospitalization (18.7% vs 15.5% and 13.3%, respectively, P =.03). There was no difference in any other analyzed parameters. Conclusions: Newborns of VAMA mothers are less likely to be exclusively breastfed during hospitalization. They do not exhibit significantly increased major neonatal morbidities, but are more likely to sustain hypoglycemia and neonatal caregivers should be alert to the possibility of newborn early transient hypoglycemia. In an era of growing evidence of the beneficial impact of breast milk on development and immunization, VAMA mothers should be guided and encouraged to breastfed their newborns.
Application of the Modified Early Obstetrical Warning System (MEOWS) in postpartum patients in the emergency department; Introduction: Over the last two decades, there has been a steady rise in severe maternal morbidity and pregnancy-related deaths in Canada and the USA. The Modified Early Obstetric Warning System (MEOWS) is a risk stratification tool designed to predict severe maternal morbidity and mortality and has been validated for use in obstetrical wards. The objective of this study was to determine if MEOWS could accurately identify patients at risk of severe maternal morbidity and mortality in the ED setting. Methods: This was a chart review of patients presenting to an academic tertiary care centre (annual ED census 65,000) with a postpartum complaint within 6 weeks of delivery between May 2020 and March 2022. The exposure was the presence of a trigger, defined as one severely abnormal (red) or two mildly abnormal (yellow) physiological measurements during the ED visit. The diagnostic accuracy of the tool to identify patients at risk of severe maternal morbidity severe maternal morbidity or mortality was estimated by calculating the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive value. Results: Two hundred and sixty-seven patients were included, of which 21 (7.9%) met the criteria for severe maternal morbidity. There were no maternal deaths. Overall, the sensitivity of the MEOWS tool was 85.7% (95% CI 63.7–97.0%), specificity was 67.9% (95% CI 61.7–73.7%), positive predictive value was 18.6% (95% CI 15.1–22.7%), and negative predictive value was 98.2% (95% CI 95.1–99.4%). Severe preeclampsia and eclampsia were the most common outcome category of severe maternal morbidity, representing 16 (76.2%) cases. Most patients (86.5%) were discharged directly from the ED, and 90.0% did not return within 30 days. Conclusions: This study is the first to explore the utility of MEOWS in postpartum ED patients. The presence of a MEOWS trigger at ED triage or the first ED nursing assessment was associated with severe maternal morbidity. Thus, MEOWS may be a valuable tool to identify postpartum patients at risk of severe outcomes early in an ED visit.
Increased urinary albumin leakage is related to injuries of glomerular glycocalyx and podocytes, and associated with tubular dysfunction in preeclampsia; Objective: The pathogenesis of preeclampsia (PE) is known to be endothelial cell damage; however, the existence of dysfunction in glomerular endothelial glycocalyx, podocytes and tubules remains unclear. The glomerular endothelial glycocalyx, basement membrane, podocytes, and tubules are permeability barriers against albumin excretion. This study aimed to assess the relationship between urinary albumin leakage and injuries of the glomerular endothelial glycocalyx, podocytes, and tubules in patients with PE. Methods: A total of 81 women with uncomplicated pregnancies (control, n = 22), PE (PE, n = 36), or gestational hypertension (GH) (GH, n = 23) were enrolled. We assessed urinary albumin and serum hyaluronan for glycocalyx injuries, podocalyxin for podocytes injuries, and urinary N-acetyl-β-D-glucosaminidase (NAG) and liver-type fatty acid-binding protein (L-FABP) for renal tubular dysfunctions. Results: The serum hyaluronan and the urinary podocalyxin levels were higher in the PE and GH groups. The urinary NAG and L-FABP levels were higher in the PE group. Urinary NAG and L-FABP levels positively correlated with urinary albumin excretion. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that increased urinary albumin leakage is related to injuries of the glycocalyx and podocytes, and associated with tubular dysfunction in pregnant women with PE. The clinical trial described in this paper was registered at the UMIN Clinical Trials Registry under registration number UMIN000047875. URL of registration: https://centre6.umin.ac.jp/cgi-open-bin/ctr_e/ctr_view.cgi?recptno=R000054437.
Association of maternal hypertension and diabetes with variants of the NKX2-5, LEFTY1 and LEFTY2 genes in children with congenital heart defects: a case-control study from Pakistani Population; Background: Globally, congenital heart defect (CHD) is the most common congenital malformation, responsible for higher morbidity and mortality in the pediatric population. It is a complex multifactorial disease influenced by gene-environment and gene-gene interactions. The current study was the first attempt to study these polymorphisms in common clinical phenotypes of CHD in Pakistan and the association between maternal hypertension and diabetes with single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in children. Methods: A total of 376 subjects were recruited in this current case-control study. Six variants from three genes were analyzed by cost-effective multiplex PCR and genotyped by minisequencing. Statistical analysis was done by GraphPad prism and Haploview. The association of SNPs and CHD was determined using logistic regression. Results: The risk allele frequency was higher in cases as compared to healthy subjects, but the results were not significant for rs703752. However, stratification analysis suggested that rs703752 was significantly associated with the tetralogy of Fallot. The rs2295418 was significantly associated with maternal hypertension (OR = 16.41, p = 0.003), while a weak association was present between maternal diabetes and rs360057 (p = 0.08). Conclusion: In conclusion, variants in transcriptional and signaling genes were associated with Pakistani pediatric CHD patients that showed varied susceptibility between different clinical phenotypes of CHD. In addition, this study was the first report regarding the significant association between maternal hypertension and the LEFTY2 gene variant.
Remote patient monitoring for management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a common medical complication of pregnancy, and its treatment is complex. Recent years have seen an increase in the application of mobile health tools and advanced technologies, such as remote patient monitoring, with the aim of improving care for diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Previous studies of these technologies for the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy have been small and have not clearly shown clinical benefit with implementation. Objective: Remote patient monitoring allows clinicians to monitor patients’ health data (such as glucose values) in near real-time, between office visits, to make timely adjustments to care. Our objective was to determine if using remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes in pregnancy leads to an improvement in maternal and neonatal outcomes. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of pregnant patients with diabetes mellitus managed by the maternal-fetal medicine practice at one academic institution between October 2019 and April 2021. This practice transitioned from paper-based blood glucose logs to remote patient monitoring in February 2020. Remote patient monitoring options included (1) device integration with Bluetooth glucometers that automatically uploaded measured glucose values to the patient's Epic MyChart application or (2) manual entry in which patients manually logged their glucose readings into their MyChart application. Values in the MyChart application directly transferred to the patient's electronic health record for review and management by clinicians. In total, 533 patients were studied. We compared 173 patients managed with paper logs to 360 patients managed with remote patient monitoring (176 device integration and 184 manual entry). Our primary outcomes were composite maternal morbidity (which included third- and fourth-degree lacerations, chorioamnionitis, postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion, postpartum hysterectomy, wound infection or separation, venous thromboembolism, and maternal admission to the intensive care unit) and composite neonatal morbidity (which included umbilical cord pH <7.00, 5 minute Apgar score <7, respiratory morbidity, hyperbilirubinemia, meconium aspiration, intraventricular hemorrhage, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, pneumonia, seizures, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, shoulder dystocia, trauma, brain or body cooling, and neonatal intensive care unit admission). Secondary outcomes were measures of glycemic control and the individual components of the primary composite outcomes. We also performed a secondary analysis in which the patients who used the two different remote patient monitoring options (device integration vs manual entry) were compared. Chi-square, Fisher's exact, 2-sample t, and Mann-Whitney tests were used to compare the groups. A result was considered statistically significant at P<.05. Results: Maternal baseline characteristics were not significantly different between the remote patient monitoring and paper groups aside from a slightly higher baseline rate of chronic hypertension in the remote patient monitoring group (6.1% vs 1.2%; P=.011). The primary outcomes of composite maternal and composite neonatal morbidity were not significantly different between the groups. However, remote patient monitoring patients submitted more glucose values (177 vs 146; P=.008), were more likely to achieve glycemic control in target range (79.2% vs 52.0%; P<.0001), and achieved the target range sooner (median, 3.3 vs 4.1 weeks; P=.025) than patients managed with paper logs. This was achieved without increasing in-person visits. Remote patient monitoring patients had lower rates of preeclampsia (5.8% vs 15.0%; P=.0006) and their infants had lower rates of neonatal hypoglycemia in the first 24 hours of life (29.8% vs 51.7%; P<.0001). Conclusion: Remote patient monitoring for the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy is superior to a traditional paper-based approach in achieving glycemic control and is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes.
An update to tranexamic acid trends during the peripartum period in the United States, 2019 to 2021; BACKGROUND: Results from the 2017 World Maternal Antifibrinolytic trial found that patients who received tranexamic acid during delivery had significantly lower rates of death and hysterectomy. Several months after the World Maternal Antifibrinolytic trial publication, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists endorsed the consideration of tranexamic acid usage when traditional uterotonics fail during postpartum hemorrhage. Since then, tranexamic acid usage has become more mainstream for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to evaluate tranexamic acid trends in obstetrics both temporally and geographically within the United States. Additional outcomes included patient demographics and perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This retrospective cohort study included 19 hospitals divided into East, Central, and West geographic regions within the Universal Health Services, Incorporated network. Rates of tranexamic acid use were compared from July 2019 through June 2021. Patient demographics and perinatal outcomes were analyzed for tranexamic acid recipients. RESULTS: During the two-year study period, 3.2% (1580/50,150) of patients received tranexamic acid during delivery. The western region of the United States demonstrated increased tranexamic acid use over the 2-year study period. Recipients of tranexamic acid were more likely to have a history of postpartum hemorrhage (P<.0001), chronic hypertension (P<.0001), preeclampsia (P<.0001), and/or diabetes (P=.004). Patients who received tranexamic acid did not have an increased likelihood of venous thromboembolism in comparison with those who did not receive tranexamic acid (8 [0.5%] vs 226 [0.5%]; P=.77). Of those who received tranexamic acid, 53.2% (840/1580) had an estimated blood loss <1000 mL. CONCLUSION: Nationally, a higher percentage of patients received tranexamic acid without a postpartum hemorrhage diagnosis compared with previous studies, and the western region of the United States had an overall increased use of tranexamic acid during delivery compared with previous years. There was no increased risk of venous thromboembolism in those who received tranexamic acid, regardless of postpartum hemorrhage diagnosis.
Does a three-hour delayed pushing benefit the mode of delivery?; Objective: The objective of this study was to compare two strategies for passive second stage management: three-hour vs two-hour delayed pushing after the diagnosis of full cervical dilation on mode of delivery and perinatal outcomes. Study Design: This retrospective observational study included low-risk nulliparous women who reatched full cervical dilation under epidural analgesia with a single term fetus in cephalic presentation and normal fetal heart rate, between September and December 2016. Mode of delivery (spontaneous vaginal delivery versus operative delivery including cesarean section and instrumental vaginal delivery) and perinatal outcomes (post-partum hemorrhage, perineal lacerations, 5-min Apgar score, umbilical cord pH and transfer to neonatal intensive care unit) were compared between two maternity units: maternity unit A, where women could have up to a three-hour delayed pushing period after full cervical dilation diagnosis, and maternity unit B, where the delayed pushing period was a maximum of 2 h. Outcomes were compared using univariate and multivariable analyses. Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) were estimated using a logistic regression multivariable model that included potential cofounders. Results: During the study period, 614 women were included, 305 in maternity unit A and 309 in maternity unit B. Women's pre-existing characteristics were comparable between the two maternity units. Women delivering in the maternity unit A had significantly lower risks of having an operative delivery compared to women delivering in the maternity unit B (respectively 18.4 vs 26.9%; aOR = 0.64; 95%CI [0.43 – 0.96]). Perinatal outcomes were comparable in the two maternity units, particularly in terms of post-partum hemorrhage rates (7.4 vs 7.8%; aOR = 1,19 [0.65 - 2.19]). Conclusion: Increasing the possible length of the delayed pushing period from 2 to 3 h after the diagnosis of full cervical dilation in low-risk nulliparous women appears to reduce operative deliveries without adverse effects on maternal or neonatal morbidity.
Maternal and Child Health, Non-Communicable Diseases and Metabolites; Mothers influence the health and disease trajectories of their children, particularly during the critical developmental windows of fetal and neonatal life reflecting the gestational–fetal and lactational–neonatal phases. As children grow and develop, they are exposed to various stimuli and insults, such as metabolites, that shape their physiology and metabolism to impact their health. Non-communicable diseases, such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, cancer and mental illness, have high global prevalence and are increasing in incidence. Non-communicable diseases often overlap with maternal and child health. The maternal milieu shapes progeny outcomes, and some diseases, such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, have gestational origins. Metabolite aberrations occur from diets and physiological changes. Differential metabolite profiles can predict the onset of non-communicable diseases and therefore inform prevention and/or better treatment. In mothers and children, understanding the metabolite influence on health and disease can provide insights for maintaining maternal physiology and sustaining optimal progeny health over the life course. The role and interplay of metabolites on physiological systems and signaling pathways in shaping health and disease present opportunities for biomarker discovery and identifying novel therapeutic agents, particularly in the context of maternal and child health, and non-communicable diseases.
Personalized Medicine of Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Depression Treatment in Obese and Metabolically Dysregulated Patients; The co-occurrence of depression and obesity has become a significant public health concern worldwide. Recent studies have shown that metabolic dysfunction, which is commonly observed in obese individuals and is characterized by inflammation, insulin resistance, leptin resistance, and hypertension, is a critical risk factor for depression. This dysfunction may induce structural and functional changes in the brain, ultimately contributing to depression’s development. Given that obesity and depression mutually increase each other’s risk of development by 50–60%, there is a need for effective interventions that address both conditions. The comorbidity of depression with obesity and metabolic dysregulation is thought to be related to chronic low-grade inflammation, characterized by increased circulating levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and C-reactive protein (CRP). As pharmacotherapy fails in at least 30–40% of cases to adequately treat major depressive disorder, a nutritional approach is emerging as a promising alternative. Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFAs) are a promising dietary intervention that can reduce inflammatory biomarkers, particularly in patients with high levels of inflammation, including pregnant women with gestational diabetes, patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and overweight individuals with major depressive disorder. Further efforts directed at implementing these strategies in clinical practice could contribute to improved outcomes in patients with depression, comorbid obesity, and/or metabolic dysregulation.
Real-Time Prediction for Neonatal Endotracheal Intubation Using Multimodal Transformer Network; Neonates admitted to neonatal intensive care units (NICUs) are at risk for respiratory decompensation and may require endotracheal intubation. Delayed intubation is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, particularly in urgent unplanned intubation. By accurately predicting the need for intubation in real-time, additional time can be made available for preparation, thereby increasing the safety margins by avoiding high-risk late intubation. In this study, the probability of intubation in neonatal patients with respiratory problems was predicted using a deep neural network. A multimodal transformer model was developed to simultaneously analyze time-series data (1-3 h of vital signs and FiO2 setting value) and numeric data including initial clinical information. Over a dataset including information of 128 neonatal patients who underwent noninvasive ventilation, the proposed model successfully predicted the need for intubation 3 h in advance (area under the receiver operator characteristic curve = 0.880 pm 0.051, F1-score = 0.864 pm 0.031, sensitivity = 0.886 pm 0.041, specificity = 0.849 pm 0.035, and accuracy = 0.857 pm 0.032). Moreover, the proposed model showed high generalization ability by achieving AUROC 0.890, F1-score 0.893, specificity 0.871, sensitivity 0.745, and accuracy 0.864 with an additional 91 dataset for testing.
Exploring the Potential of Nanotechnology in Pediatric Healthcare: Advances, Challenges, and Future Directions; The utilization of nanotechnology has brought about notable advancements in the field of pediatric medicine, providing novel approaches for drug delivery, disease diagnosis, and tissue engineering. Nanotechnology involves the manipulation of materials at the nanoscale, resulting in improved drug effectiveness and decreased toxicity. Numerous nanosystems, including nanoparticles, nanocapsules, and nanotubes, have been explored for their therapeutic potential in addressing pediatric diseases such as HIV, leukemia, and neuroblastoma. Nanotechnology has also shown promise in enhancing disease diagnosis accuracy, drug availability, and overcoming the blood–brain barrier obstacle in treating medulloblastoma. It is important to acknowledge that while nanotechnology offers significant opportunities, there are inherent risks and limitations associated with the use of nanoparticles. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the existing literature on nanotechnology in pediatric medicine, highlighting its potential to revolutionize pediatric healthcare while also recognizing the challenges and limitations that need to be addressed.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion:: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
INTRADUCTAL PAPILLARY NEOPLASM OF THE BILE DUCT: A CASE REPORT; Institutions: Bridgeport Hospital, USA; Yale New Haven Hospital, USA. Disclosure compliance: I understand. Participant disclosure: Samdish Sethi: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Mark McFarland: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Cheng-Hung Tai: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Karthik Mathialagan: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Gabriel Lerner: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest; Caroline Loeser: NO financial relationship with a commercial interest. Introduction: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct (IPNB) are considered a precursor lesion to cholangiocarcinoma. It is a rare tumor that is more commonly diagnosed in males, with a median age of presentation in the 60’s and higher incidence in East Asian countries. Establishing a diagnosis may be challenging, given its low incidence and lack of specificity in clinical manifestations. Here, we present a case of a IPNB in an otherwise healthy middle-aged female. Case: A 37-year-old African American female with past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented four months postpartum with two weeks of right upper quadrant pain, scleral icterus and pale colored stools. Labs were significant for a total bilirubin of 16.6 mg/dL (direct bilirubin 13.8 mg/dL), alkaline phosphatase 781 U/L, AST 311 U/L and ALT 524 U/L. Contrast enhanced CT of the abdomen revealed a complex cystic structure measuring 4.8 x 4.4 cm in the right hepatic lobe that extended into the porta hepatis. MRCP demonstrated the hepatic lesion with adjacent intrahepatic biliary dilatation. Therapeutic and diagnostic ERCP was performed with placement of two 7 French 10 cm pigtail plastic stents into the right and left cystically dilated intrahepatic ducts. Spyglass cholangioscopy revealed a cystic mass with papillary projections, and fish-egg appearance with marked neovascularization. Spy bite biopsy confirmed intraductal papillary adenocarcinoma of the bile duct, intestinal type. Her hospital course was complicated by stent obstruction from mucin and proximal dilation of the left and right intrahepatic bile ducts. Interventional radiology placed a right and left external biliary drain. Patient was readmitted multiple times for sepsis and developed fungemia on subsequent admission and elected for hospice care. Discussion: Intraductal papillary neoplasm of the bile duct accounts for 10-15% of bile duct tumors. According to the immunohistochemical profiles of the mucin core proteins, IPNBs are classified into four types: pancreaticobiliary, intestinal, gastric, or oncocytic. 40%-80% of IPNBs contain a component of either invasive carcinoma, tubular or mucinous adenocarcinoma, suggesting that IPNB is a disease with high potential for malignancy. The incidence is much higher in East Asian countries such as Taiwan, Japan, and Korea. Patients are usually asymptomatic in their initial stages, but may present with nonspecific symptoms such as right upper quadrant pain, nausea, and vomiting. At later stages, patients may also present with jaundice and cholangitis secondary to biliary obstruction. With earlier recognition and treatment, patients have a better prognosis and post-surgical outcomes than in patients diagnosed with cholangiocarcinoma. Large-scale studies are needed to aid in its diagnosis and management. [Formula presented] Contrast enhanced CT scan demonstrating mutiloculated complex cystic hepatic lesion extending into porta hepatis. [Formula presented] Hemotoxylin and eosin histopathology section reveals a minute fragment of villiform neoplastic growth. Tumor cells have cuboidal to tall columnar shape with enlarged, focally cigar-shaped nuclei and abundant eosinophilic cytoplasm.
Real-World Effectiveness of SGLT2 Inhibitors Vs Metformin As First-Line Therapy in Type 2 Diabetes; Objectives: While sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2is) provide cardiovascular benefit when used in patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) at increased cardiovascular risk, real-world effectiveness of SGLT2is as first-line treatment for T2D has not been widely studied. We compared the effectiveness of first-line treatment with an SGLT2i vs metformin in an all-comer population with T2D eligible for both therapies. Methods: Treatment-naïve T2D patients newly prescribed an SGLT2i or metformin as monotherapy between 2016 and 2022 were identified in the Truveta platform, which aggregates and normalizes de-identified EHR data from a group of US health care systems (HCS). We excluded patients not receiving regular care at the HCS and those with HIV, ESRD, transplant, history of gestational diabetes, missing sex, or missing age. Patients were followed until outcome occurrence, initiation of the comparator drug, loss to follow-up, or end of the study period (12/31/2022). We used 1:1 nearest neighbor propensity score matching to balance populations. The time to a composite cardiovascular outcome (hospitalization for heart failure, myocardial infarction, or ischemic stroke) was compared using a matched and adjusted Cox proportional hazards model. For the subset of patients with available baseline and 12-month A1c values, we compared change in 12-month A1c using propensity score matched and adjusted linear regression. Results: Of 135,729 patients meeting our study criteria, 12,848 remained after 1:1 propensity score matching. Cardiovascular outcomes did not differ significantly between those on an SGLT2i and metformin (hazard ratio: 1.025 [95% CI: 0.901, 1.166]). Among those with baseline and 12-month A1c values available (n = 5,472), SGLT2i use was associated with a smaller absolute decrease in A1c by 0.25% (0.19% - 0.32%). Conclusions: In a real-world EHR dataset, patients initiated on an SGLT2i had similar risk of cardiovascular events to those initiated on metformin, but experienced a smaller 12-month reduction in A1c.
Risk perception of non-communicable diseases: A systematic review on its assessment and associated factors; Background The burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) is increasing. Risk perception of NCDs is an important factor towards the uptake of preventive health interventions. There are various questionnaires assessing risk perception of NCDs, but no internationally standardized questionnaire has been available. Identification of factors associated with risk perception of NCDs may facilitate the development of targeted interventions. This systematic review aims to identify available questionnaire assessing risk perception of NCDs and the factors associated with risk perception of NCDs. Methods The reporting of this systematic review is in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. We carried out a literature search through three databases (Scopus, PubMed, Web of Science) and targeted original article published in English between 2012 and 2021. Quality appraisal of the eligible articles was conducted using the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. Findings were synthesized using content analysis. Results A total of 86 studies were included. We found a variety of questionnaires assessing risk perception of NCDs, with many differences in their development, domains, items and validity. We also identified several personal, sociopsychological and structural factors associated with risk perception of NCDs. Limitations Most of the included studies were of cross-sectional design, and therefore the quality of evidence was considered low and exhibit a high risk of bias. The role of publication bias within this systematic review should be acknowledged as we did not include grey literature. Additionally, language bias must be considered as we only included English-language publications. Conclusion Further development and testing of available questionnaire is warranted to ensure their robustness and validity in measuring risk perception of NCDs. All the identified factors deserve further exploration in longitudinal and experimental studies.
Maternal diabetes mellitus and birth defects in Taiwan: A 5-year nationwide population-based cohort study; Background: Birth defects (BDs) are the main causes of mortality and disability in infants and children. Associations between maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), including gestational DM (GDM) and pregestational DM (type 1 or type 2), and the risk of BDs have been reported. This study aims to determine the relationship between maternal DM and BDs and to investigate whether reducing the incidence of DM can decrease the incidence of BDs. Methods: We identified all births in Taiwan from the National Birth Defects Surveillance Program between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2014. Information on the infants' characteristics (sex, gestational age, and birth weight) and mothers' characteristics (age, parity, and associated diseases, including DM) were obtained from the National Birth Registry and National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD) in Taiwan. BDs were coded according to the International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision - Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes 740-759. Results: Multiple logistic regression analysis with adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for all BDs showed that the aOR (95% CI) was 1.002 (0.965-1.041), and the p-value was 0.9139 in the GDM group. In the type 1 DM group, the aOR (95% CI) was 1.748 (1.110-2.754), and the p-value was 0.016. In the type 2 DM group, the aOR (95%CI) was 1.175 (1.005-1.375), 1.331 (1.196-1.482), and 1.391 (1.216-1.592), and the p-value was 0.0437, <0.0001, and <0.0001 for the duration of mothers with type 2 DM <2, 2 to 5, >5 years, respectively. Conclusion: Mothers with pregestational DM (type 1 or type 2) increase the incidence of BD. Appropriate maternal glycemic control may achieve good pregnancy and perinatal outcomes.
Neonatal Scrub Typhus-A Series of Five Cases; Scrub typhus is a rickettsial infection caused by Orientia tsutsugamushi. This is transmitted by trombiculid mite called chiggers. A number of cases of scrub typhus are being reported from North India. However, there has been a steady increase in the number of cases from Southern India, especially Tamil Nadu, Kerala, and Karnataka. The manifestation of the disease is due to the vasculitis and perivasculitic involvement. This vasculitis is responsible for oedema, skin rash and end organ ischaemic injury. A skin lesion called eschar is pathognomic of this condition, which is present in 40% of the cases. It is a close differential diagnosis for other common infectious diseases like- dengue fever, malaria, enteric fever and severe sepsis. Scrub typhus is rare in neonates. Herewith, the authors reported five cases of neonatal scrub typhus with varied clinical manifestations. All the five neonates (2 females and 3 males) had fever and high C-reactive Protein (CRP), two had hepatosplenomegaly, two presented with shock, one had paralytic ileus, one baby had features of aseptic meningitis and one had pericardial and pleural effusion. Two out of five babies had an eschar, which is pathognomonic of scrub typhus.Three babies were treated with doxycycline and two babies required Intravenous (i.v.) azithromycin. All of them recovered completely, except one baby, who succumbed to the illness. A high index of suspicion is required to diagnose scrub typhus in neonates early.Timely intervention will prevent morbidity and mortality.
Survival of 2nd trimester pregnant patient and di-di twin on COVID-19 ECMO; A 35-year-old unvaccinated woman, pregnant with twins at 22 weeks and 5 days of gestation presented with worsening hypoxia, due to COVID-19 pneumonia (PNA) with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). The patient was placed on V-V ECMO (veno-venous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation) and delivered twin babies by cesarean section (C-section) at 23 weeks and 5 days of gestation. The patient was successfully weaned off ECMO 42 days after initiation, and the twins were also extubated in NICU.
Rhabdomyolysis after Intravenous Iron Sucrose Infusion during Pregnancy; BACKGROUND:Iron infusions have become increasingly common in the treatment of iron-deficiency anemia during pregnancy. Although iron infusions are generally well tolerated, adverse reactions have been reported.CASE:A pregnant patient was diagnosed with rhabdomyolysis after receiving a second dose of intravenous (IV) iron sucrose at 32 6/7 weeks of gestation. On admission to the hospital, creatine kinase was 2,437 units/L, sodium was 132 mEq/L, and potassium was 2.1 mEq/L. Intravenous fluids and electrolyte repletion were administered, with improvement of symptoms within 48 hours. Creatinine kinase normalized 1 week after hospital discharge.CONCLUSION:Rhabdomyolysis can be associated with IV iron infusion during pregnancy.
Association of a Remote Blood Pressure Monitoring Program With Postpartum Adverse Outcomes; OBJECTIVE:To use administrative claims data to evaluate the association of a remote blood pressure monitoring program with adverse postpartum clinical outcomes in patients with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy.METHODS:This was a retrospective cohort study of Independence Blue Cross members with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy diagnosis across three obstetric hospitals from 2017 to 2021. Patients who were enrolled in twice-daily text-based blood pressure monitoring for 10 days postpartum were compared with two propensity-score matched cohorts of patients who met the program criteria: an asynchronous cohort (cohort A), consisting of patients at any of the three participating hospitals before remote monitoring program implementation, and a contemporaneous cohort (cohort C), consisting of patients at other hospitals during the same time period as clinical use of the program. Patients with less than 16 months of continuous insurance enrollment before delivery were excluded. Claims for adverse clinical outcomes after delivery discharge were evaluated. Health care service utilization and total medical costs were evaluated.RESULTS:The 1,700 patients in remote blood pressure monitoring program were matched to 1,021 patients in cohort A and 1,276 in cohort C. Within the first 6 months after delivery, patients enrolled in remote monitoring were less likely to have the composite adverse outcome than those in cohort A (2.9% vs 4.7%; OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40-0.98). There was no statistically significant difference relative to cohort C (3.2% vs 4.5%; OR 0.71, 95% CI 0.47-1.07). The remote monitoring group had more cardiology visits and fewer postnatal emergency department (ED) visits and readmissions compared with both comparison cohorts. Reductions in ED visits and readmissions drove overall lower total medical costs for the program cohort.CONCLUSION:Patients enrolled in a remote blood pressure monitoring program were less likely to experience an adverse outcome in the first 6 months after delivery. Reductions in ED visits and readmissions resulted in lower postpartum total medical costs compared with both control cohorts. Broad implementation of evidence-based remote monitoring programs may reduce postpartum adverse outcomes, thereby reducing morbidity and mortality in populations such as the one studied here.
Timing and Preventability of Cardiovascular-Related Maternal Death; OBJECTIVE:To describe the clinical profile, management, and potential preventability of maternal cardiovascular deaths.METHODS:We conducted a retrospective, descriptive study of all maternal deaths resulting from a cardiovascular disease during pregnancy or up to 1 year after the end of pregnancy in France from 2007 to 2015. Deaths were identified through the nationwide permanent enhanced maternal mortality surveillance system (ENCMM [Enquête Nationale Confidentielle sur les Morts Maternelles]). Women were classified into four groups based on the assessment of the national experts committee: those who died of a cardiac condition and those who died of a vascular condition and, within these two groups, whether the condition was known before the acute event. Maternal characteristics, clinical features and components of suboptimal care, and preventability factors, which were assessed with a standard evaluation form, were described among those four groups.RESULTS:During the 9-year period, 103 women died of cardiac or vascular disease, which corresponds to a maternal mortality ratio from these conditions of 1.4 per 100,000 live births (95%CI 1.1-1.7). Analyses were conducted on 93 maternal deaths resulting from cardiac (n=70) and vascular (n=23) disease with available data from confidential inquiry. More than two thirds of these deaths occurred in women with no known pre-existing cardiac or vascular condition. Among the 70 deaths resulting from a cardiac condition, 60.7%were preventable, and the main preventability factor was a lack of multidisciplinary prepregnancy and prenatal care for women with a known cardiac disease. For those with no known pre-existing cardiac condition, preventability factors were related mostly to inadequate prehospital care of the acute event, in particular an underestimation of the severity and inadequate investigation of the dyspnea. Among the 23 women who died of a vascular disease, three had previously known conditions. For women with no previously known vascular condition, 47.4%of deaths were preventable, and preventability factors were related mostly to wrong or delayed diagnosis and management of acute intense chest or abdominal pain in a pregnant woman.CONCLUSION:Most maternal deaths attributable to cardiac or vascular diseases were potentially preventable. The preventability factors varied according to the cardiac or vascular site and whether the condition was known before pregnancy. A more granular understanding of the cause and related risk factors for maternal mortality is crucial to identify relevant opportunities for improving care and training health care professionals.
Comparison of Adverse Maternal Outcome in Early Onset Versus Delayed Onset Preeclampsia; Aim: To determine the association of adverse maternal outcome with early onset preeclampsia than delayed onset preeclampsia. Study Design: Cohort study. Place and Duration of Study: Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology Unit-II, DHQ Hospital, Mirpur, AJK from 30th December 2020 to 29th June 2021. Methodology: A total of 60 (30 early onset pre-eclampsia and 30 delayed onset pre-eclampsia) females of age 18-40 years with parity <5, presenting at gestational age >24 weeks were included. Patients with chronic or gestational diabetes (BSR>186mg/dl), chronic hypertension (BP≥140/90mmHg), cardiac disease (on medical record), multiple gestation (on ultrasound), abnormal placenta (abruption, previa, accrete, increta, percreta on ultrasound) were excluded. Females were evaluated for eclampsia (BP>160/100mmHg along with convulsions), DIC, HELLP syndrome and avascular tubular necrosis by using blood samples and ultrasound findings. Results: The adverse maternal outcome i.e. eclampsia was recorded in 11 (36.67%) in exposed group (early onset preeclampsia) versus 04 (13.33%) in unexposed group (delayed onset pre-eclampsia) (p= 0.053; relative risk = 2.75), acute tubular necrosis was recorded in 05 (16.67%) in exposed group (early onset pre-eclampsia) while 00 (0.0%) in unexposed group (delayed onset pre-eclampsia) (p = 0.099; relative risk = 11.00), DIC was recorded in 03 (10.0%) versus 00 (0.0%) respectively (p= 0.192; relative risk = 7.00) and HELLP syndrome in 06 (20.0%) versus 00 (0.0%) respectively (p = 0.076; relative risk = 13.0). Practical Implication: We recommend that a proper protocol should be designed in these high risk patients for antenatal monitoring and proper management plans in order to reduce the morbidity and mortality of the mother and fetus. Conclusion: This study concluded that adverse maternal outcome is higher in early onset preeclampsia as compared to delayed onset preeclampsia.
Pregnancy-associated Cancer and Chemotherapy during Pregnancy; The diagnosis of pregnancy-associated cancer, although rare, is a condition of great human and social significance and difficult clinical management. A pregnancy-associated neoplasm is defined as a cancer diagnosis made during pregnancy or within 12 months after delivery/abortion. The most common cancers in pregnancy occur most frequently in women of reproductive age with an incidence overall like that observed in non-pregnant women of the same age. This incidence is likely to increase in view of both the expected increase in certain malignancies among young women (particularly breast cancer and melanoma) and the increasing frequency of pregnancies undertaken later in life (fourth and fifth decades of life) that is characterizing modern society. Chemotherapy is generally contraindicated before 12 weeks of pregnancy due to the increased risk of congenital anomalies while exposure in the second and third trimester of pregnancy to chemotherapy has been associated with more growth restriction and preterm delivery. Clinical decisions about the optimal management should consider maternal and fetal characteristics with the involvement of a multidisciplinary team.
Impact of Adverse Gestational Milieu on Maternal Cardiovascular Health; Cardiovascular disease affects 1% to 4% of the nearly 4 million pregnancies in the United States each year and is the primary cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with cardiovascular complications during pregnancy persisting into the postpartum period. Recently, investigations have identified an altered sex hormone milieu, such as in the case of hyperandrogenism, as a causative factor in the development of gestational cardiovascular dysfunction. The mechanisms involved in the development of cardiovascular disease in postpartum women are largely unknown. Animal studies have attempted to recapitulate adverse pregnancy outcomes to investigate causal relationships and molecular underpinnings of adverse gestational cardiac events and progression to the development of cardiovascular disease postpartum. This review will focus on summarizing clinical and animal studies detailing the impact of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and maternal obesity, on gestational cardiometabolic dysfunction and postpartum cardiovascular disease. Specifically, we will highlight the adverse impact of gestational hyperandrogenism and its potential to serve as a biomarker for maternal gestational and postpartum cardiovascular dysfunctions.
EARLY DETECTION AND TREATMENT OF IMPAIRED GLUCOSE AND HYPERINSULINEMIA IN EARLY PREGNANCY TO PREVENT DIABETES AND CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE IN ADULTS; Objective: So far, no attempt has been made the Prevention of Diabetes and CVD in the community. There is a concept that GDM is the mother of Non-Communicable Diseases. Hence, the aim is to decide the glycemia level which predicts the development of GDM. The suggestion is that HbA1C of more than 5.3 (110mg/dl) during the 10th week of pregnancy predicts GDM. HBA1C 5.7 during pregnancy establishes GDM in Asian ethnicity, and HbA1c measured in the first trimester is helpful for early prediction of GDM. A blood test performed at the 10th week of pregnancy and if PPBS >110 mg% may help identify a pregnant woman at risk of GDM. Hence in the 8th week itself, PPBS has to be estimated. If the PPBS is >110 mg%, a grace period of two weeks is available to maintain PPBS<110mg% at the 10th week. Another essential physiology is that at the 11th week, Fetal beta cell insulin secretion starts. If PPBS remains, more than 110 mg% fetal hyperinsulinemia occurs, which is undesirable. Design and method: Testing for PPBS at the 8th week with 110mg/dl so that enough time is available before fetal insulin secretion starts in the 11th week. If PPBS more than 110mg/dl in the 8th week, the PPBS should be controlled with MNT and Exercise and, if necessary, with Metformin so that PPBS should be maintained at less than 110mg/dl (99 +/- 10) till the 12th week. At the 16th week, 75gm OGCT (DIPSI Test) should be done to know whether she develops GDM and, if negative, be repeated at the 24th and 32nd weeks. Points to Remember:PPBS more than 110mg/dl around the 10th week predicts GDM Fetal Beta Cell starts secreting insulin in the 11th week.The maternal PPBS should be less than 110mg/dl till the 12th week. Results: The Pregnant woman is unlikely to develop Gestational Diabetes if 2-hour PPBS around the 10th Week is less than <110 mg/dl with MNT or Metformin Conclusions: Early Pregnancy hyperglycemia at 8th Weeks detection and treatment may prevent future Diabetes and NCDs especially CVD. (Figure Presented).
OXALATE METABOLISM IN PRIMARY HYPEROXALURIA TYPE 1 TREATED WITH LUMASIRAN IMMEDIATELY AFTER BIRTH: STILL NOT EARLY ENOUGH; Background and Aims: Severe primary hyperoxaluria type 1 (PH1) with rapid onset nephrocalcinosis and renal function loss in early infancy required so far combined liver and kidney transplant. RNA interfering drugs are the new challenge for these children. Here we present the first case of a newborn affected by PH1 treated with RNA-interfering Lumasiran 6 hours after birth. Method: Diagnosis of PH1 (homozygous mutation AGXT c.731T>C9 [p.Ile244Thr]) was done at 11 weeks of pregnancy on chorionic villus due to family history. Parents are first cousins, both heterozygous carriers of the mutation. Their first child is homozygous, affected by PH1, in dialysis for massive nephrocalcinosis since two months of life, kidney-liver transplanted at 14 months, with multiple comorbidities, severe retinal oxalate deposition, early ischemic stroke and post-transplant lympho-proliferative disease. Mother blood Oxalate, Glycolate and Urinary Oxalate during pregnancy proved normal (3 umol/L and 4 umol/L; 35 umol/mmol). Fetal morphology at ultrasound was normal, showing a male fetus large for gestational age, due to gestational diabetes, and polyhydramnios. At 37w cesarean section was performed. Birth weight 4120 g; Length 49.9 cm (99° centile for gestational age). Apgar score 9/9. Cord blood and amniotic fluid were obtained for Oxalate dosage and Sanger sequencing for diagnosis confirmation. Umbilical central venous line and bladder catheter were placed for immediate start of infusions and serial sampling. Results: PH1 was confirmed due to Homozygous mutation AGXT c.731T>C9 [p.(Ile244Thr)]. Oxalate on cord blood was 15 umol/L (nv <10), on amniotic fluid 55 umol/L (nv 19-71), on first urine 401 umol/mmolCr (nv < 300 umol/mmolCr). Blood Oxalate at 6h of life rose to 32 umol/L, Glycolate to 107 umol/L and urinary Oxalate to 573 umol/mmolCr. Serum Creatinin was normal (0.3 mg/dl). At 6 hours of life the child was treated with Glycolate Oxidase RNAi Lumasiran at the dose 6 mg/kg subcutaneously, in combination with Pyridoxin 10 mg/kg/day. Hyperhydration (240 ml/kg/day) was maintained iv for 16 days in combination with oral water and potassium citrate (500 mg in 500 ml/day) above breast feeding. Blood Oxalate was serially assessed every 48 hrs showing a peak level of 108 umol/l (nv <10) at day 6, higher than the supersaturation level of 60 umol/L, then a gradual decline (65-56-62 umol/L at 10-20-30 days respectively). Lumasiran 6 mg/kd was repeated at 30 and 60 days according to schedule, then at 3 mg/kg every month. After the second dose of Lumasiran a steeper decline of blood Oxalate was observed (31-17 umol/L at 45-60 days respectively) reaching the upper normal limit of 12 umol/L after three doses, at 80 days. Urinary Oxalate in spite of Lumasiran early start rose until a maximum of 4173 umol/mmolCr (nv for age <300 umol/mmolCr) at 13 days and gradually declined to 765 umol/mmolCr at 80 days, after three doses. Blood and urine Glycolate initially paralleled Oxalate then increased after each Lumasiran dose. Renal ultrasound normal at birth, showed only minimal hyperechogenic spots during the first 2 months, then mild bilateral hyperechogenic papillary deposits without signs of nephrocalcinosis/stones. Renal function at 3 months of life is normal (serum Creatinine 0.2 mg/dl); child growth on the higher centiles (7 kg), with no adverse events. Conclusion: Blood and urine Oxalate serial analysis in a severe case of PH1 treated immediately after birth show that Glycolate Oxidase inhibition has a latency of at least 15 days, even when no previous deposits are present. In these days extremely high level of urine and blood Oxalate, far higher than supersaturation level, are reached, in spite of normal renal function, hyperhydration, B6 and citrate supplementation. This case confirms that familiar severe forms of PH1 should be treated immediately after birth with Lumasiran in combination with aggressive supportive therapy to avoid irreversible nephrocalcinosis and renal failure. Prenatal treatment of these cases might be considered in future. (Figure Presented).
EARLY DAPAGLIFLOZIN UTILIZATION FOR CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE TREATMENT IN JAPAN; Background and Aims: In 2021, dapagliflozin was approved for the treatment of adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) in Japan. This observational analysis is part of the multinational OPTIMISE-CKD study program and aims to describe early dapagliflozin utilization in CKD following approval in Japan, contextualized by contemporary CKD management. Method: Adult patients with CKD in hospital claims data from the Medical Data Vision Co. Ltd database (MDV; Tokyo, Japan) during 1 March 2020 - 28 February 2022 were included. CKD was defined as any of the following: 2 estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) measures ≥90 days apart of which the second was ≤75 ml/min/1.73m2, or a CKDdiagnosis code. Patients with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, <365 days continuous enrolment or who were on dialysis were excluded. The remaining patients were considered eligible for dapagliflozin 10 mg treatment. Dapagliflozin initiators had a recorded prescription for dapagliflozin 10 mg on or after 26 August 2021, and no previous dapagliflozin 10 mg prescription. Results: A total of 2,297 patients in MDV met the study criteria and had initiated dapagliflozin during the first 6months since approval. The median age was 70 years (interquartile range; IQR 57-79 years), 33% were female and 50% had a recorded CKD diagnosis. For the 594 initiators who had eGFR data, the CKD stage distribution was as follows: 27% stage 1-2, 28% stage 3a, 28% stage 3b, 16% stage 4 and 1% stage 5 (non-dialysis). The average eGFR among these patients was 49 ml/min/1.73 m2 (standard deviation; SD 19 ml/min/1.73 m2). The most common comorbidities were heart failure (37%), hypertension (34%) and type 2 diabetes (34%). Renin-angiotensin system inhibitors (RASi; 58%), calcium channel blockers (37%) and lipid-lowering drugs (37%) were commonly prescribed. Dapagliflozin 10 mg was most commonly initiated in nephrology departments (42%), with a mean initial prescription duration of 41 days (SD 22.6 days). The 180,462 patients who did not initiate dapagliflozin 10mg were older on average (median 78 years; IQR 69-85 years), and 42% were female. The comorbidity profiles were similar, except that 24% of patients had type 2 diabetes. The distribution of CKD stages among the 95,465 patients with available data was slightly different: 59% stage 1-2, 22% stage 3a, 11% stage 3b, 6% stage 4 and 3% stage 5 (non-dialysis). Only 23% of patients were prescribed RASi and 41% were prescribed any kind of cardiovascular treatment. Conclusion: Early use of dapagliflozin in Japan was observed in a broad range of patients with CKD with respect to baseline characteristics. These preliminary data suggest that there is a large proportion of CKD patients who may be eligible, but not yet treatedwith dapagliflozin 10mg, which has shown to attenuate disease progression and reduce adverse outcomes. Considering that the majority of prescriptions was made in nephrology departments, there might be opportunities in other healthcare specialties to improve CKD diagnosis and treatment. Additional analyses, including sensitivity analyses using more conservative CKD definitions, could further specify the unmet need and highlight activities that may increase prescriptions among patients who might benefit from treatment. Further analyses across more patients and countries in the OPTIMISE-CKD programwill provide additional insight into the real-world experience of novel treatments for CKD and facilitate optimized CKD management.
MATERNAL MYOCARDIAL ALTERATIONS DURING PREGNANCY AND THEIR RECOVERY TWELVE MONTHS' POST-PARTUM IN WOMEN WITH PREGNANCIES COMPLICATED BY GESTATIONAL DIABETES OR PREECLAMPSIA- A SINGLE CENTRE, LONGITUDINAL COHORT STUDY; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are the leading obstetric complications of pregnancy. Both are associated with a substantial increase in the risk of long-term cardiovascular disease. However, pregnant women are underrepresented in clinical research and the mechanisms of long-term cardiovascular complications in women with obstetric complications remains to be elucidated. Objectives This longitudinal cohort study was designed to assess maternal cardiac alterations during the third trimester of pregnancy and their recovery twelve-months post-partum in women with GDM (n=30) or preeclampsia (n=22) compared to women with healthy pregnancies (HP)(n=38). Methods 31P-MRS and CMR were used to define myocardial phosphocreatine to ATP ratio (PCr/ATP), tissue characteristics, left ventricular (LV) volumes, mass, ejection fraction (EF), global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and diastolic function (mitral in-flow E/A ratio). Investigations were repeated 12- months postpartum. With obesity as a major and common risk factor for both GDM and PE, 10 overweight and 10 normal- weight nulliparous women served as non-pregnant controls. Results Participants were matched for age and ethnicity. Both the GDM and PE groups had higher BMI compared to the HP. Compared to the HP group, women with GDM had higher LV mass (90[85,94] vs 103[96,112]g; p=0.001) and lower myocardial PCr/ATP (2.2[2.1,2.4] vs 1.9[1.7,2]; p<0.0001), LV end-diastolic volumes (EDV)(76[72,80] vs 67[63,71]ml, p=0.03) and GLS (20[18,21] vs 18[17,19]%; p=0.008). Compared to the HP group, at similar magnitudes to women with GDM, the women with PE exhibited higher LV mass (90[85,94] vs 118[111,125] g; p<0.0001) and lower myocardial PCr/ATP (2.2[2.1,2.4] vs 1.9[1.8,2.1]; p=0.0004) and GLS (20[18,21] vs 16[14,17] %; p=0.01). There were no significant differences in PCr/ATP, LV EDV, mass or GLS between the GDM and PE groups. Twelve-months postpartum there were no significant changes in any of the cardiac assessments in women in the HP, GDM or PE groups compared to their respective third-trimester pregnancy assessments (Figure-1). Compared to nulliparous normal-weight controls, HP was associated with no significant differences in myocardial PCR/ ATP, LV volumes, mass, EF, diastolic function, or GLS. The overweight nulliparous controls showed significantly higher LV mass and lower myocardial PCr/ATP and GLS than normalweight controls. There were no significant differences in LV mass, PCr/ATP or GLS between the overweight nulliparous controls and GDM or PE groups during or after pregnancy. Myocardial triglyceride content [% of water signal] in HP was 0.77 (0.39,1.2) % versus GDM 0.96 (0.4,1.5) % and PE 0.38 (0.3,1) %, p=0.3 indicating myocardial steatosis in the GDM cohort. The babies born to women in the HP group were on average of higher birth-weight compared to the GDM and preeclampsia groups (HP:3407(3261,3553) vs GDM:3003 (2680,3325) vs Preeclampsia:3010(2785,3235) g; p=0.02). Placental mal-perfusion and infarction was detected in a higher percentage of women with GDM (59%) and preeclampsia (55%) than in HP (39%). Conclusions Despite distinct aetiologies women with GDM and PE exhibit a similar myocardial phenotype during and after pregnancy with persistent subtle abnormalities in myocardial PCr/ATP ratio, LV mass and GLS compared to women with HP during pregnancy and twelve months' postpartum assessments. Women with GDM and PE show similar myocardial alterations to nulliparous women with obesity, suggesting that the myocardial changes are predominantly driven by obesity- associated metabolic dysfunction.
CLINICAL COURSES AND PREGNANCY OUTCOMES OF TWELVE CASES COMPLICATED WITH BEHCET'S DISEASE IN OUR INSTITUTION; Background: The proportion of women with Behcet's disease (BD) has increased in recent years. BD is often diagnosed at or before the time of conception, however, its impact on the clinical courses and pregnancy outcomes is not fully understood. Previous reports showed that patients with BD had a higher rate of complications such as puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes [1], or pregnancy outcomes like miscarriage and fetal growth restrictions [2]. Therefore, it is important to reveal the clinical course and pregnancy outcomes in patients with BD. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to analyze the BD pregnancy cases experienced at our facility, and to idetermine the impact of disease on the course of pregnancy. Methods: We used the data of BD patients who had been treated at planning for pregnancy and gave birth from a single center cohort of rheumatic disease pregnancy registry in our institution. The impact of BD disease activity of BD on pregnancy outocomes was examined, including therapeutic agents such as glucocorticoid (GC) and biologics. Results: There were 12 pregnancies complicated by BD included in this analyis. The age at conception was 32.6 ± 3.6 years old, and the disease duration was 4.4 ± 3.0 years. The mean BD current activity form (BDCAF) was 0.6 ± 0.8 in 4 oral ulcers and 2 genital ulcers in the involved domain just before conception. At conception, six cases received GC, in addition, two case received adalimumab, and one case received colchicine. There were 4 cases of exacerbation of disease activity (increase of BDCAF) during pregnancy, and the active domains during pregnancy were 3 cases of oral ulcer, 2 cases of genital ulcer, and 1 case of rash and arthritis. Two cases of them needed to increase GC dose, and mean GC dose was 5.6 ± 2.1 mg per day. Table showed pregnancy outcomes. All cases were live births and three cases gave birth in cesarean section, two of which were emergency cesarean section due to abnormal heart rate of the infants. Mean gestational weeks was 39.2 ± 1.5 weeks, and mean birth weight was 2724.4 ± 227.1 gram. Five of the patients had had adverse pregnancy outcomes, three of which required neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) management at birth. In the cases which had exacerbation during pregnancy, three forth had these adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusion: In the pregnancies with BD, the disease activity was relatively stable in many cases, however, attention should be paid to the increase in disease activity, including the subsequent pregnancy outcome. It is also necessary to consider whether to continue biologics and colchicine for controlling disease activity.
Doppler Ultrasound for Fetal Assessment in High Risk Pregnancies; Background: When it comes to the provision of antenatal care or research, pregnant women tend to be divided into low- and high-risk populations; however, the boundaries between the groups are often blurred. For most researchers, 'high-risk status' includes maternal conditions associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity such as diabetes, hypertensive disorders (chronic hypertension and pre-eclampsia) and cardiac disorders. The waveform analysis of the feto- maternal circulation by Doppler ultrasound has become a quick and a simple way for the assessment of fetal well-being in high-risk pregnancies. It helps identify fetuses at risk of hypoxia and acidaemia, when the results are applied clinically; they contribute to reduced perinatal mortality rates. Objectives: The main objective of this study is to evaluate Doppler flow indices as an index for assessing fetal wellbeing in high-risk pregnancies. Methods: A total of 40 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies at a gestational age ≥ 3234 weeks were included in this study, 30 of them had a high risk factor were selected as 10 preeclampsia patient, 10 gestational diabetes patient, 10 cardiac patient, the remaining 10 women had no obstetric disorder or any risk factor were selected as control. All pregnant women underwent uniform antenatal assessment protocol that includes an Ultrasound examination and Doppler evaluation of fetoplacental circulation: umbilical artery (UA), middle cerebral artery (MCA) and ductus venosus (DV) Doppler ultrasound studies. Results: Our findings showed no statistically significant difference in the Doppler indices between gestational diabetes group and control group. There was only a considerable change in DV Doppler waveform in this study that is also insignificant. At preeclampsia group, it was found that there was statistically significant difference regarding UA RI, MCA RI, and MCA RI/UA RI ratio compared to control group. In the cardiac group, fetal Doppler indices were comparable to those of the control group. Conclusion: The result of the present study suggest that Doppler indices in the third trimester may be useful markers of fetal well-being in high risk pregnancy. Hypertensive disorders with pregnancy can be considered the most important indication for third trimester Doppler examination. Two-vessel examination in these cases seems a good practice.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pregnant Patients With Mechanical and Bioprosthetic Heart Valves; BACKGROUND: Guidelines for choice of prosthetic heart valve in people of reproductive age are not well established. Although biologic heart valves (BHVs) have risk of deterioration, mechanical heart valves (MHVs) require lifelong anticoagulation. This study aimed to characterize the association of prosthetic valve type with maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using the 2008 to 2019 National Inpatient Sample, we identified all adult patients hospitalized for delivery with prior heart valve implantation. Multivariable regressions were used to analyze the primary outcome, major adverse cardiovascular events, and secondary outcomes, including maternal and fetal complications, length of stay, and costs. Among 39 871 862 birth hospitalizations, 4152 had MHVs and 874 had BHVs. Age, comorbidities, and cesarean birth rates were similar between patients with MHVs and BHVs. The presence of a prosthetic valve was associated with over 22-fold increase in likelihood of major adverse cardiovascular events (MHV: adjusted odds ratio, 22.1 [95% CI, 17.3–28.2]; BHV: adjusted odds ratio, 22.5 [95% CI, 13.9–36.5]) as well as increased duration of stay and hospitalization costs. However, patients with MHVs and BHVs had no significant difference in the odds of any maternal outcome, including major adverse cardiovascular events, hyper-tensive disease of pregnancy, and ante/postpartum hemorrhage. Similarly, fetal complications were more likely in patients with valve prostheses, including a 4-fold increase in odds of stillbirth, but remained comparable between MHVs and BHVs. CONCLUSIONS: Patients hospitalized for delivery with prior valve replacement carry substantial risk of adverse maternal and fetal events, regardless of valve type. Our findings reveal comparable outcomes between MHVs and BHVs.
Maternal dietary caffeine consumption and risk of birth defects in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, 1997–2011; Background: Caffeine consumption is common during pregnancy, but published associations with birth defects are mixed. We updated estimates of associations between prepregnancy caffeine consumption and 48 specific birth defects from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS) for deliveries from 1997 to 2011. Methods: NBDPS was a large population-based case–control study conducted in 10 U.S. states. We categorized self-reported total dietary caffeine consumption (mg/day) from coffee, tea, soda, and chocolate as: <10, 10 to <100, 100 to <200, 200 to <300, and ≥ 300. We used logistic regression to estimate adjusted odds ratios (aORs [95% confidence intervals]). Analyses for defects with ≥5 exposed case children were adjusted for maternal race/ethnicity, age at delivery, body mass index, early pregnancy cigarette smoking and alcohol use, and study site. Results: Our analysis included 30,285 case and 11,502 control children, with mothers of 52% and 54%, respectively, reporting consuming <100 mg caffeine, and 11% of mothers of both cases and controls reported consuming ≥300 mg per day. Low (10 to <100 mg/day) levels of prepregnancy caffeine consumption were associated with statistically significant increases in aORs (1.2–1.7) for 10 defects. Associations with high (≥300 mg/day) levels of caffeine were generally weaker, except for craniosynostosis and aortic stenosis (aORs = 1.3 [1.1–1.6], 1.6 [1.1–2.3]). Conclusions: Given the large number of estimates generated, some of the statistically significant results may be due to chance and thus the weakly increased aORs should be interpreted cautiously. This study supports previous observations suggesting lack of evidence for meaningful associations between caffeine consumption and the studied birth defects.
Cohort profile: Bangladesh Cook Stove Pregnancy Cohort Study (CSPCS); Purpose The Cook Stove Pregnancy Cohort Study (CSPCS) was designed to assess the effects of biomass fuel use on household air pollution (HAP) as well as the effects of HAP (fine particulate matter, PM 2.5) on birth outcomes and acute lower respiratory infection (ALRI) among infants in Bangladesh. Participants We recruited 903 women within 18 weeks of pregnancy from rural and semiurban areas of Bangladesh between November 2016 and March 2017. All women and their infants (N=831 pairs) were followed until 12 months after delivery and a subset have undergone respiratory and gut microbiota analysis. Methods Questionnaires were administered to collect detailed sociodemographic, medical, nutritional and behavioural information on the mother-child dyads. Anthropometric measurements and biological samples were also collected, as well as household PM 2.5 concentrations. Findings to date Published work in this cohort showed detrimental effects of biomass fuel and health inequity on birth outcomes. Current analysis indicates high levels of household PM 2.5 being associated with cooking fuel type and infant ALRI. Lastly, we identified distinct gut and respiratory microbial communities at 6 months of age. Future plans This study provides an economical yet effective framework to conduct pregnancy cohort studies determining the health effects of adverse environmental exposures in low-resource countries. Future analyses in this cohort include assessing the effect of indoor PM 2.5 levels on (1) physical growth, (2) neurodevelopment, (3) age of first incidence and frequency of ALRI in infants and (4) the development of the respiratory and gut microbiome. Additional support has allowed us to investigate the effect of in utero exposure to metals on infant neurodevelopment in the first year of life.
Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Women: The Impact of Race and Ethnicity: A Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women, yet differences exist among certain racial and ethnic groups. Aside from traditional risk factors, behavioral and environmental factors and social determinants of health affect cardiovascular health and risk in women. Language barriers, discrimination, acculturation, and health care access disproportionately affect women of underrepresented races and ethnicities. These factors result in a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease and significant challenges in the diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular conditions. Culturally sensitive, peer-led community and health care professional education is a necessary step in the prevention of cardiovascular disease. Equitable access to evidence-based cardiovascular preventive health care should be available for all women regardless of race and ethnicity; however, these guidelines are not equally incorporated into clinical practice. This scientific statement reviews the current evidence on racial and ethnic differences in cardiovascular risk factors and current cardiovascular preventive therapies for women in the United States.
Maternal glucose levels and future risk of developing cardiovascular disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; Introduction Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy has been considered as one of the risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) among women. Although the evidence regarding the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent CVD has been synthesised, there are no systematic reviews covering the evidence of the association among the non-GDM population. This systematic review and meta-analysis, therefore, aim to fill the gap by summarising existing evidence on the association between maternal glucose levels and the risk of future CVD in pregnant women with or without a diagnosis of GDM. Methods and analysis This systematic review protocol was reported following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis Protocols guidelines. Comprehensive literature searches were performed in the following electronic databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL to identify relevant papers from inception to 31 December 2022. All observational studies (case-control studies, cohort studies and cross-sectional studies) will be included. Two reviewers will perform the abstract and full-text screening based on the eligibility criteria through Covidence. The Newcastle-Ottawa Scale will be used to assess the methodological quality of included studies. Statistical heterogeneity will be assessed by using the I 2 test and Cochrane's Q test. If the included studies are found to be homogeneous, pooled estimates will be calculated and meta-analysis will be performed using Review Manager 5 (RevMan) software. Random effects will be used to determine weights for meta-analysis, if needed. Pre-specified subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis will be performed, if needed. The study results will be presented in the sequence of main outcomes, secondary outcomes and important subgroup analysis for each type of glucose level separately. Ethics and dissemination Given no original data will be collected, ethics approval is not applicable for this review. The results of this review will be disseminated by publication and conference presentation. PROSPERO registration number CRD42022363037.
Role of Telemedicine in Diabetes Management; Introduction: Telemedicine is a growing arena that may increase access to care for patients with diabetes. It has more relevance for rural populations or those with limited physical access to health care, for improving diabetes care. Telemedicine can also be used to offer diabetes self-education and transportation barriers for patients living in under-resourced areas or with disabilities. Method: "This review explores the landscape of telemedicine approaches and evidence for incorporation into general practice. Results & Discussion: Telehealth platforms have been shown to be both feasible and effective for health care delivery in diabetes, although there are many caveats that require tailoring to the institution, clinician, and patient population. Research in diabetes telehealth should focus next on how to increase access to patients who are known to be marginalized from traditional models of health care.
Novel identification and modulation of the mechanosensitive Piezo1 channel in human myometrium; Abstract: Approximately 10% of US births deliver preterm before 37 weeks of completed gestation. Premature infants are at risk for life-long debilitating morbidities and death, and spontaneous preterm labour explains 50% of preterm births. In all cases existing treatments are ineffective, and none are FDA approved. The mechanisms that initiate preterm labour are not well understood but may result from dysfunctional regulation of quiescence mechanisms. Human pregnancy is accompanied by large increases in blood flow, and the uterus must enlarge by orders of magnitude to accommodate the growing fetus. This mechanical strain suggests that stretch-activated channels may constitute a mechanism to explain gestational quiescence. Here we identify for the first time that Piezo1, a mechanosensitive cation channel, is present in the uterine smooth muscle and microvascular endothelium of pregnant myometrium. Piezo is downregulated during preterm labour, and stimulation of myometrial Piezo1 in an organ bath with the agonist Yoda1 relaxes the tissue in a dose-dependent fashion. Further, stimulation of Piezo1 while inhibiting protein kinase A, AKT, or endothelial nitric oxide synthase mutes the negative inotropic effects of Piezo1 activation, intimating that actions on the myocyte and endothelial nitric oxide signalling contribute to Piezo1-mediated contractile dynamics. Taken together, these data highlight the importance of stretch-activated channels in pregnancy maintenance and parturition, and identify Piezo1 as a tocolytic target of interest. (Figure presented.). Key points: Spontaneous preterm labour is a serious obstetric dilemma without a known cause or effective treatments. Piezo1 is a stretch-activated channel important to muscle contractile dynamics. Piezo1 is present in the myometrium and is dysregulated in women who experience preterm labour. Activation of Piezo1 by the agonist Yoda1 relaxes the myometrium in a dose-dependent fashion, indicating that Piezo1 modulation may have therapeutic benefits to treat preterm labour.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: Emerging evidence demonstrates that asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels are elevated in patients with or at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Since women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future CVD, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to compare ADMA concentrations between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and postpartum. Methods: PubMed, Google Scholar, EMBASE, and CINAHL databases were searched. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021276796). Study selection, data extraction, and data analyses were performed in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Random-effects model was used to quantify ADMA levels in the study groups. Results: Eleven studies provided data on 1148 women. Mean plasma ADMA concentration was 0.04 μmol/L (95% confidence interval (CI) −0.06–0.15) higher in pregnant women with GDM than those without GDM, but no significant difference was observed. In contrast, our meta-analysis demonstrated a significant increase in postpartum mean ADMA concentration (Mean Difference (MD) 0.11 μmol/L; 95% CI 0.05–0.16) among women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM. Conclusion: Elevated ADMA levels in GDM may be a CVD risk factor, suggesting that ADMA may be a potential biomarker for early CVD risk prediction in women with GDM.
Women's awareness of cardiovascular disease risk after complications of pregnancy; Background: Certain maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, birth of a growth restricted infant, idiopathic preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with a significantly increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease. In Australia, it is relatively unknown how many women with a history of complicated pregnancies are aware of their future cardiovascular disease risk. Aim: The aim of this study was to determine what percentage of women attending a cardiovascular disease prevention clinic in South Australia soon after a complicated pregnancy were aware of their increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: This prospective observational study included 188 women attending a postpartum prevention clinic between 7th August 2018 and 10th February 2021. These women had experienced a serious maternal complication of pregnancy approximately seven months earlier. Women completed a self-administered health awareness survey immediately prior to their first clinic appointment to assess their awareness of their increased cardiovascular risk. Findings: Over two-thirds (69.1 %) of the women were unaware of the association between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease, and 6.4 % of the cohort did not realise they had experienced a complicated pregnancy. Almost 10 % of the cohort did not correctly identify the complication/s they had been diagnosed with during pregnancy. Conclusion: Awareness of the association between complications of pregnancy and future cardiovascular disease was low in our cohort of women who had experienced a complication of pregnancy only seven months earlier. This emphasises the need for improved education for and communication with women to assist in implementing preventative care strategies.
Fetal echocardiography in a low-income setting: relying on local Maternal-fetal medicine experts for detection of fetal cardiac anomalies; Objective: To describe the experience of performing fetal echocardiography (FE) to detect fetal cardiac anomalies prenatally in an Ethiopian setting. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted at St Paul's Hospital Millennium Medical College (Addis Ababa, Ethiopia), from October 1, 2019 to September 30, 2020. Data for FE cases (on a risk-factor indication basis) performed at 22–24 weeks at the hospital during the study period were collected prospectively and analyzed using SPSSS version 23. Simple descriptive statistics were used to analyze the data. Results were presented as percentages and frequencies. Results: A total of 142 women who had FE were analyzed in this study. Fetal structural defect in other systems and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE, seen in 48.2% (67/142) and 25.7% (36/142) of the participants, respectively. There were 5 cases (3.5%) of fetal cardiac anomalies among which were hypoplastic left heart syndrome, pulmonary stenosis, and cardiac tumor. Conclusion: The prevalence of fetal cardiac anomalies in this study was found to be 3.5%. Fetal structural defects and maternal diabetes mellitus were the commonest indications for FE which is consistent with findings from previous similar studies.
Pregnancy complications and later life women's health; There has been increasing recognition of the association between various pregnancy complications and development of chronic disease in later life. Pregnancy has come to be regarded as a physiological stress test, as the strain it places on a woman's body may reveal underlying predispositions to disease that would otherwise remain hidden for many years. Despite the increasing body of data, there is a lack of awareness among healthcare providers surrounding these risks. We performed a narrative literature review and have summarized the associations between the common pregnancy complications including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, spontaneous preterm birth, stillbirth and miscarriage and subsequent development of chronic disease. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, spontaneous preterm birth, gestational diabetes, pregnancy loss and placental abruption are all associated with increased risk of various forms of cardiovascular disease. Gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, early miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus. Pre-eclampsia, stillbirth and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism. Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and stillbirth are associated with increased risk of chronic kidney disease. Gestational diabetes is associated with postnatal depression, and also with increased risk of thyroid and stomach cancers. Stillbirth, miscarriage and recurrent miscarriage are associated with increased risk of mental health disorders including depression, anxiety and post-traumatic stress disorders. Counseling in the postnatal period following a complicated pregnancy, and advice regarding risk reduction should be available for all women. Further studies are required to establish optimal screening intervals for cardiovascular disease and diabetes following complicated pregnancy.
Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels are associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Aims: This cross-sectional study assessed the association of serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels with the risk of diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus in China. Materials and Methods: Patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were included in a multivariate logistic regression analysis to assess the association of dehydroepiandrosterone with diabetic retinopathy after adjusting for confounding factors. A restricted cubic spline was also used to model the association of serum dehydroepiandrosterone level with the risk of diabetic retinopathy and to describe the overall dose–response correlation. Additionally, an interaction test was conducted in the multivariate logistic regression analysis to compare the effects of dehydroepiandrosterone on diabetic retinopathy among age, sex, obesity status, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and glycosylated hemoglobin level subgroups. Results: In total, 1,519 patients were included in the final analysis. Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone was significantly associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus after adjustment for confounding factors (odds ratio [quartile 4 vs quartile 1]: 0.51; 95% confidence interval: 0.32–0.81; P = 0.012 for the trend). Additionally, the restricted cubic spline indicated that the odds of diabetic retinopathy decreased linearly as the dehydroepiandrosterone concentration increased (P-overall = 0.044; P-nonlinear = 0.364). Finally, the subgroup analyses showed that the dehydroepiandrosterone level stably affected diabetic retinopathy (all P for interaction >0.05). Conclusions: Low serum dehydroepiandrosterone levels were significantly associated with diabetic retinopathy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, suggesting that dehydroepiandrosterone contributes to the pathogenesis of diabetic retinopathy.
The function, mechanisms, and clinical applications of metformin: potential drug, unlimited potentials; Metformin has been used clinically for more than 60 years. As time goes by, more and more miraculous effects of metformin beyond the clinic have been discovered and discussed. In addition to the clinically approved hypoglycemic effect, it also has a positive metabolic regulation effect on the human body that cannot be ignored. Such as anti-cancer, anti-aging, brain repair, cardiovascular protection, gastrointestinal regulation, hair growth and inhibition of thyroid nodules, and other nonclinical effects. Metformin affects almost the entire body in the situation taking it over a long period, and the preventive effects of metformin in addition to treating diabetes are also beginning to be recommended in some guidelines. This review is mainly composed of four parts: the development history of metformin, the progress of clinical efficacy, the nonclinical efficacy of metformin, and the consideration and prospect of its application.
Gender and CVD- Does It Really Matters?; Cardiovascular disease is leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Although women generally have a lower prevalence of CVD than men. Number of studies has shown that after an acute cardiovascular (CV) event, women have a greater death rate and a worse prognosis. Gender differences between men and women in terms of epidemiology, pathophysiology and remedial issues are of due to differences in gene expression from the sex chromosomes and posterior differences in sex hormones. According to western societies, majority of ischemic heart disease occurs 7-10 times later in women than in men. Men are more likely, around 3-4 times than women to suffer from ST – elevated myocardial infaction (STEMI) or non-STEMI. In this review, we summarized the gender differences of several typical cardiovascular diseases including coronary artery disease, heart failure, LBBB, atrial fibrillation, effect of drugs and risk factors. Cardiovascular death in women is major concern which is still under-recognition and untreated. Consideration of gender differences is important for prevention, diagnosis, treatment and management of CVD.
Impact of Extracardiac Anomalies on Mortality and Morbidity in Staged Single Ventricle Palliation; Background: This study was intended to determine the impact of extracardiac anomalies on outcomes in patients with functional single ventricle who underwent staged palliation. Methods: We reviewed medical records of patients who underwent first-stage palliation at our center between 2001 and 2020. The prevalence and type of extracardiac anomalies were evaluated, and their impact on outcomes during staged palliation was analyzed. Results: Among 602 patients who underwent first-stage palliation, 81 (14%) patients had associated with extracardiac anomalies. They were more frequently associated with prematurity (P = .03) and low birth weight below 2.5 kg (P < .01). Mortality between first-stage palliation and stage II was similar in patients with and without extracardiac anomalies (24.7% vs 17.1%, P = .10). However, mortality between stage II and stage III was significantly higher in patients with extracardiac anomalies compared with those without (22.2% vs 12.5%, P = .02). Mortality after stage III was also higher in patients with extracardiac anomalies compared with those without (4.9% vs 1.5%, P = .04). In the subgroup analysis of 81 patients with extracardiac anomalies, renal anomalies were identified as a significant risk factor for mortality (P = .03, hazard ratio 2.44). Conclusions: The incidence of extracardiac anomalies in this study was 14%, and patients with extracardiac anomalies were highly associated with prematurity and low birth weight. Presence of extracardiac anomalies was associated with higher mortality between stage II and stage III palliation and after stage III phase, but not before stage II. Among extracardiac anomalies, renal anomalies were identified as a risk factor for mortality.
Influence of Pre-Pregnancy Obesity on Carbohydrate and Lipid Metabolism with Selected Adipokines in the Maternal and Fetal Compartment; A higher body mass index (BMI) before pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of maternal and perinatal complications. This study aimed to analyze selected parameters of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, including adipokines, in obese pre-pregnant women, and their influence on the birth weight of newborns. Materials and Methods: The study group (O) consisted of 34 pregnant women with higher BMI (obese) before pregnancy. The control group (C) was 27 pregnant women with target BMI and physiological pregnancy. The BMI index: body weight [kg]/(height [m]2 was assessed on the first obstetrical visit. The research material was the serum of pregnant women collected in the third trimester of pregnancy and umbilical cord blood collected immediately after delivery. Selected parameters of carbohydrate and lipid metabolism and adipokines were determined. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the study group and the control group concerning the concentrations of insulin, glucose, VLDL, adiponectin, TNF-α, HOMA-IR, as well as LDH and cholesterol in maternal blood serum and umbilical cord blood serum. Total cholesterol and HDL in both maternal blood serum and umbilical cord blood were statistically significantly lower than those in the control group. The concentration of triglycerides (TG) and resistin in the blood serum of obese mothers were higher than those in the control group (p < 0.05). However, no statistically significant differences were found between the two groups regarding the concentrations of TG and resistin in the umbilical cord blood. The concentration of LDL cholesterol in the umbilical blood serum in the obese group was statistically significantly lower than that in the control group. The concentration of leptin in maternal blood serum and umbilical cord blood serum in the study group was statistically significantly higher than that in the control group. Conclusions: Pregestational obesity does not substantially affect the basic parameters of carbohydrate metabolism in pregnant women, but it disturbs the lipid profile, which is manifested by a significant increase in triglycerides and a decrease in the level of HDL cholesterol in the serum. Preexisting obesity increases the concentration of leptin and resistin in the serum of pregnant women, which may be caused by the increased volume of adipose tissue. The concentrations of leptin and resistin in the blood of pregnant women correlate positively, and the concentrations of adiponectin and TNF-α negatively correlate with pre-pregnancy BMI values. There is a positive correlation between the concentration of leptin in the serum of umbilical cord blood and the birth weight of the newborn, which suggests that this parameter contributes to the pathomechanism of macrosomia.
Intrapartum Maternal Fever and Long-Term Infectious Morbidity of the Offspring; Maternal intrapartum fever can lead to various maternal and neonatal complications and is attributed to various etiologies including infectious and non-infectious processes. In this study, we evaluated whether intrapartum fever affects the offspring’s tendency to long-term infectious morbidity. A population-based cohort analysis including deliveries between 1991 and 2021 was conducted. The incidence of hospitalizations of the offspring up to the age of 18 years, due to various infectious conditions, was compared between pregnancies complicated by intrapartum fever and those that were not. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve was used to assess cumulative hospitalization incidence. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. Overall, 538 of the 356,356 included pregnancies were complicated with fever. A higher rate of pediatric hospitalizations due to various infectious conditions was found among the exposed group, which was significant for viral, fungal and ENT infections (p < 0.05 for all). The total number of infectious-related hospitalizations was significantly higher (30.1% vs. 24.1%; OR = 1.36; p = 0.001), as was the cumulative incidence of hospitalizations. This association remained significant after controlling for confounders using a Cox proportional hazards model (adjusted HR = 1.21; 95% CI 1.04–1.41, p = 0.016). To conclude, fever diagnosed close to delivery may influence offspring susceptibility to pediatric infections.
The effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system; Heart rate variability assessment of neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers have shown alterations in the autonomic nervous system (ANS). The objective was to study the effect of maternal pregestational diabetes on ANS at the fetal stage by combining cardiac and movement parameters using a non-invasive fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) technique. This is an observational study with 40 participants where fetuses from a group of 9 Type 1, 19 Type 2 diabetic, and 12 non-diabetic pregnant women were included. Time and frequency domain fetal heart rate variability (fHRV) and coupling of movement and heart rate acceleration parameters related to fetal ANS were analyzed. Group differences were investigated using analysis of covariance to adjust for gestational age (GA). When compared to non-diabetics, the Type 1 diabetics had a 65% increase in average ratio of very low-frequency (VLF) to low-frequency (LF) bands and 63% average decrease in coupling index after adjusting for GA. Comparing Type 2 diabetics to non-diabetics, there was an average decrease in the VLF (50%) and LF bands (63%). Diabetics with poor glycemic control had a higher average VLF/LF (49%) than diabetics with good glycemic control. No significant changes at p < 0.05 were observed in high-frequency (HF) frequency domain parameters or their ratios, or in the time domain. Fetuses of pregestational diabetic mothers exhibited some differences in fHRV frequency domain and heart rate-movement coupling when compared to non-diabetics but the effect of fHRV related to fetal ANS and sympathovagal balance were not as conclusive as observed in the neonates of pregestational diabetic mothers.
Diminished ovarian reserve is a risk factor for preeclampsia and placental malperfusion lesions; Objective: To assess obstetric outcomes and placental findings in pregnancies attained by in vitro fertilization (IVF) in patients with diminished ovarian reserve (DOR). Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: University-affiliated tertiary hospital. Interventions: DOR, defined as an antral follicle count (AFC) of 6 or less (DOR group), compared with patients with no DOR and an antral count above 6 (control group). Patients: Live singleton births after IVF between 2009 and 2017. Main outcome measures: Primary outcomes were placental findings, including anatomic, inflammatory, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation lesions, as categorized according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus. Secondary outcomes included obstetric and perinatal outcomes. Results: A total of 110 deliveries of patients with DOR were compared with 772 controls. Maternal age was higher in the DOR group than in the control group (36.3 ± 4.4 years vs. 35.3 ± 4.1 years, P=.02). Patients with DOR were more likely to have a diagnosis of endometriosis (P=.02) and less likely to have a diagnosis of male factor (P<.001), ovulation disorder (P<.001), or tubal factor (P=.04), or a transfer of a blastocyte (P=.007). After adjustment for confounders, pregnancies in the DOR group were notable for a significantly higher rate of preeclampsia (8.1% vs. 2.7%, adjusted odds ratio: 3.05, 95% confidence interval: 1.33–6.97). On placental examination, DOR was associated with a higher rate of fetal vasculopathy (P=.01) and multiple fetal vascular malperfusion lesions (P=.03), and a lower rate of circummarginate insertion (P=.01) and intervillous thrombosis (P=.02). Conclusion: DOR, specifically defined as an AFC of 6 or less, is associated with a higher incidence of preeclampsia and multiple placental fetal vascular lesions.
The Impact of Extreme Heat Exposure on Pregnant People and Neonates: A State of the Science Review; The relationship between heat exposure and perinatal morbidity and mortality is of increasing concern as global temperatures rise and extreme heat events become more frequent and intense. Heat exposure can lead to a multitude of harmful outcomes for pregnant individuals and neonates, including hospitalization and death. This state of the science review explored the evidence on the associations between heat exposure and negative health outcomes during pregnancy and the neonatal period. Findings suggest that improving health care provider and patient awareness of heat-related risks and implementing specific interventions could mitigate adverse outcomes. Furthermore, public health and other policy interventions are needed to increase thermal comfort and reduce societal exposure to extreme heat and related risks. Early warning systems, medical alerts, provider and patient education, and increased access to health care and thermal comfort may improve pregnancy and early life health outcomes.
Racial and ethnic disparities in the association of maternal infection during pregnancy and risk of cyanotic congenital heart defects in the United States, 2011–2020; Purpose: The etiology of cyanotic congenital heart defects (CCHD) is not well understood. There are scarce data on racial/ethnic disparities in maternal infection and CCHD. We evaluated the relation of maternal infections during pregnancy and risk of CCHD in the United States, and to assess if this association varies by race/ethnicity. Methods: Data were from the National Vital Statistics System comprising 35.3 million singleton livebirths among mothers aged 15–49 years from 2011 to 2020. Logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: After adjustment for sociodemographic and maternal health factors, including prepregnancy body mass index, diabetes, hypertension, and smoking during pregnancy, time to prenatal care was initiated and pregnancy complications, any maternal infection, was associated with elevated odds of CCHD (OR: 1.25, 95% CI: 1.15–1.37). The odds of CCHD were mainly evident for sexually transmitted infections, namely chlamydia and hepatitis-C viral infection. The association was limited to non-Hispanic Black (OR: 1.22, 95% CI: 1.03–1.45), Hispanic (OR: 1.61, 95% CI: 1.33–1.95), and Asian (OR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.42–2.91) mothers. Conclusions: In this population-based study, maternal infection during pregnancy was associated with a modest risk of CCHD in offspring, which was the highest in racial/ethnic minority mothers.
Application of Original Therapy for Stimulation of Oral Areas Innervated by the Trigeminal Nerve in a Child with Beckwith–Wiedemann Syndrome; About 90% of children diagnosed with classic BWS have macroglossia, and 40% of them are submitted to surgical tongue reduction. The purpose of our article is to present a case study of a 5-month-old child with BWS who was treated with an original therapy for stimulation of oral areas innervated by the trigeminal nerve. The therapy included stimulation of the upper and lower lip and muscles of the floor of the mouth. The treatment was provided by a therapist once a week. In addition, the child was stimulated every day at home by his mother. After 3 months, a significant improvement in oral alignment and function was achieved. Preliminary observations of therapy application for stimulation regions innervated by the trigeminal nerve in children with Beckwith–Wiedemann syndrome seem promising. The original therapy for stimulation of oral areas innervated by the trigeminal nerve is a good alternative to existing methods of surgical tongue reduction in children with BWS and macroglossia.
Persistent Tachypnoea in Early Infancy: A Clinical Perspective; Tachypnoea in the newborn is common. It may arise from the many causes of the respiratory distress syndrome such as hyaline membrane disease, transient tachypnoea of the newborn, meconium aspiration etc. Congenital heart disease rarely presents with early tachypnoea on day one or two, in contrast to the early presentation of cyanosis, unless there is “pump” (ventricular) failure such as may occur in a cardiomyopathy/myocarditis, or as a result of severe obstruction to either ventricle. Space-occupying lesions within the chest, for example from a diaphragmatic hernia or a congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation, may present with early tachypnoea, as can a metabolic cause resulting in acidosis. The aim of this paper, however, is to focus on infants where the tachypnoea persists or develops beyond the newborn period, at times with minimal signs but occasionally with serious underlying pathology. They include causes that may have originated in the newborn but then persist; for example, arising from pulmonary hypoplasia or polycythemia. Many congenital cardiac abnormalities, particularly those causing left sided obstructive lesions, or those due to an increasing left to right shunt from large communications between the systemic and pulmonary circulations, need be considered. Respiratory causes, for example arising from aspiration, primary ciliary dyskinesia, cystic fibrosis, or interstitial lung disease, may lead to ongoing tachypnoea. Infective causes such as bronchiolitis or infantile wheeze generally are readily recognisable. Finally, there are a few infants who present with persistent tachypnoea over the first few weeks/months of their life who remain well and have normal investigations with the tachypnoea gradually resolving. How should one approach infants with persistent tachypnoea?
The Impact of Total Deceleration Area and Fetal Growth on Neonatal Acidemia in Vacuum Extraction Deliveries; We aimed to investigate the correlation between total deceleration area (TDA), neonatal birthweight and neonatal acidemia in vacuum extractions (VEs). This is a retrospective study in a tertiary hospital, including VE performed due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR). Electronic fetal monitoring during the 120 min preceding delivery was interpreted by two obstetricians who were blinded to neonatal outcomes. TDA was calculated as the sum of the area under the curve for each deceleration. Neonatal birthweights were classified as low (<2500 g), normal (2500–3999 g) or macrosomic (>4000 g). A total of 85 VEs were analyzed. Multivariable linear regression, adjusted for gestational age, nulliparity and diabetes mellitus, revealed a negative correlation between TDA in the 60 min preceding delivery and umbilical cord pH. For every 10 K increase in TDA, the cord pH decreased by 0.02 (p = 0.038; 95%CI, −0.05–0.00). The use of the Ventouse-Mityvac cup was associated with a 0.08 decrease in cord pH as compared to the Kiwi OmniCup (95%CI, −0.16–0.00; p = 0.049). Low birthweights, compared to normal birthweights, were not associated with a change in cord pH. To conclude, a significant correlation was found between TDA during the 60 min preceding delivery and cord pH in VE performed due to NRFHR.
Single Sporadic Deceleration during Reactive Nonstress Test—Clinical Significance and Risk for Cesarean Delivery; Objective: Evidence regarding the clinical significance of a single sporadic variable deceleration (SSD) in reactive non-stress test (NST) is scarce, and optimal management has yet to be established. We aim to evaluate whether SSD during a reactive NST at term is associated with a higher risk for fetal heart rate decelerations during labor and the need for intervention. Methods: This was a retrospective, case-control study of singleton term pregnancies at one university-affiliated medical center in 2018. The study group consisted of all pregnancies with an SSD in an otherwise reactive NST. For each case, two consecutive pregnancies without SSD were matched in a 1:2 ratio. The primary outcome was the rate of cesarean delivery (CD) due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring (NRFHRM). Results: 84 women with an SSD were compared to 168 controls. SSD during antenatal fetal surveillance did not increase the rate of CD overall or for NRFHRM (17.9% vs. 13.7% and 10.7% vs. 7.7%, respectively, p > 0.05). Rates of assisted deliveries and maternal and neonatal complications were similar between the groups. Conclusions: SSD during a reactive NST in term pregnancies is not associated with an increased risk for adverse perinatal outcomes. SSD should not necessarily require induction of labor, and expectant management is a reasonable alternative.
A Young Female with SARS-CoV-2 Infection Presenting with Concurrent Neurological and Pulmonary Manifestations: A Case Report; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19), besides its well-known deleterious effects on the respiratory system, is also reported to affect the central nervous system (CNS), presenting with neurological manifestations, that are commoner among older patients with associated co-morbidities and in the critically ill with COVID pneumonia. Infective, cerebrovascular, and hypoxic-toxic-metabolic etiology have been implicated. Reported outcomes have been poor with persistent neurological deficits among the majority who have survived. We report a young lady who presented with neurological manifestations alongside moderately severe COVID-19 pneumonia. Diagnosed early and managed as severe encephalopathy after excluding infective and cerebrovascular aetiology. Responded well to conservative measures and made a complete recovery. Early recognition of neurological manifestations of COVID-19 disease followed by the institution of appropriate therapies improved the outcomes.
Neurological Disorders Complicating Pregnancy and its Obstetric Outcomes; Objective: To find the common neurological disorders complicating pregnancy and their obstetric outcome. Materials and methods: This was a retrospective study conducted over a period of 3 years and included all pregnant women with a diagnosis of neurologic disorders who were admitted to the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department at St John’s Medical College, St John’s National Academy of Health Sciences (SJNAHS), Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The study was carried out from January 2016 to December 2018. Results: A total of 60 patients with neurologic disorders were identified during the study period of 3 years. In our study, 57 (95%) women were in the 20–35-year age-group, and the majority were primigravida 38 (63.3%). A total of 56 women (93.3%) delivered at term. A total of 28 (46.6%) women had a cesarean section, and 27 (45%) had a vaginal delivery. Among the neurologic disorders in pregnancy, 36 (60%) women had epilepsy, seven (11.6%) cerebrovascular diseases, six (10%) polio survivors, and four (6.6%) central nervous system (CNS) infections. A total of 16 (44.4%) women with epilepsy (WWE) were seizure-free in index pregnancy, 15 (41.6%) had relapse of seizures during present pregnancy, and five (13.8%) had been newly diagnosed with epilepsy in the index pregnancy. There were no maternal or perinatal deaths. Conclusion: Multidisciplinary approach in a tertiary care center improves both maternal and fetal outcomes.
Women's Knowledge of Future Cardiovascular Risk Associated With Complications of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review to Explore the Interventions, Clinical Measures/Scales, and Knowledge Outcomes in Qualitative and Quantitative Studies; Background: Complications of pregnancy can significantly increase a woman’s risk of future cardiovascular disease. Access to education, behavioural interventions, and follow-up care is essential to reduce future risk for postpartum women. The aim of this review was to explore interventions, clinical measures/scales, and knowledge outcomes of future cardiovascular risk in qualitative and quantitative studies published to date. Methods: Electronic databases were systematically searched (inception-May 2022). Studies including interventions and measurement of awareness and knowledge of future cardiovascular risk among women post-complications during pregnancy. Quality was rated using the Mixed Methods Assessment Tool (MMAT). Results were analyzed in accordance with the Synthesis Without Meta-analysis (SWiM) reporting guideline. Results: Ten studies were included (N=792), of which 3 were randomized controlled trials. All participants had a current diagnosis or history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, including 5 studies with preeclampsia, and 2 studies had current diagnosis or history of gestational diabetes. Of the 7 studies that used online surveys/questionnaires for data collection, 2 reported psychometric properties. Educational interventions were reported in 4 studies using different modes (i.e., pamphlets, information sheets, in-person group sessions, virtual platform with health coaching). We did not identify any psychometrically validated measures of awareness and knowledge of future cardiovascular risk for use with women following complications during pregnancy. No studies reported the association between knowledge, behavior change or any measure of self-monitoring. Conclusion: There is a need for clinical trials incorporating psychometrically validated measures to assess effectiveness of interventions addressing knowledge of future cardiovascular risk among this population.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, Cardiovascular Disease Risk and Lifestyle Behaviours in Premenopausal Females; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) including gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and preterm delivery affects 5-20% of all pregnancies. Long-term consequences of APO include increased risk for developing CVD in midlife and 2-fold increase in the risk of a cardiovascular event within 10 years postpartum. Lifestyle behaviour change may mitigate risk. This study assessed CVD risk, knowledge/perceptions of risk, and lifestyle behaviours in females who have experienced APO. Methods: A nationwide online survey targeting premenopausal, biologically female, young adults (19-49y) collected sociodemographics, biometrics, medical history (including pregnancies), and CVD risk perceptions. Medical CVD risk was calculated from self-reported measures vis-a-vis the Comprehensive Health Improvement Program criteria. A lifestyle score was calculated as a composite of sleep, physical activity and other behaviours. Results: Of 1236 respondents 39.6% reported a previous APO. Compared with no-APO, the APO group showed significantly greater prevalence of being classified high risk for CVD (18 vs 10%), displayed lower knowledge of CVD risks (30±8 vs. 33±7), yet perceived themselves to be at greater risk of developing future CVD (24 vs 15%; p<0.001)). Groups did not differ by exercise status, BMI, nor sociodemographics. APO had a lower lifestyle score (4.4±1.7 vs. 4.7±1.8) with sleep (p=0.01) and stress (p=0.04) the distinguishing factors. Conclusions: A substantive proportion of our sample reported lived experience of an APO. The APO group have a higher perception of future CVD risk, but are less engaged in health-promoting behaviours that may mitigate their future risk. Effective, targeted health messaging for this high-risk population is warranted.
The Prevalence of Cardiovascular Disease Risk among Iraqi women with a history of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background; cardiovascular disease is the main factor in both death and disability. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have a greater risk for future cardiovascular diseases. Objective; Explore the prevalence of cardiovascular risk among women with a history of APOs. Methods; A cross sectional study enrolled 257 women with and without history of APOs, were put into 2 groups accordingly. World Health Organization and the International Society of Hypertension (WHO/ISH) and Framingham risk score (FRS) were used. Laboratory and clinical measures were done. Results; All women enrolled were over 40 years age, women with APOs mostly overweight and obese, positive medical history compared to those without (P<0.01). Among APOs, women with gestational diabetes were in the high-risk level (P <0.01). Medical history of hypertension, diabetes, anemia and hypothyroidism were highly prevalence in women with APOs (P<0.01). Conclusion; FRS, but not WHO/ISH can be used to identify high cardiovascular risk. Gestational diabetes was notable predictor for the high-risk level.
The Association Between Placenta-Mediated Diseases of Pregnancy and Postpartum Maternal Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors: A Systematic Review; Objective: To assess the association between history of placenta-mediated diseases (PMDs) in pregnancy and maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in the postpartum period. Background: PMDs encompass pregnancy complications resulting from abnormal placental development and/or function. PMDs are associated with future CVD risk and represent a female-specific indication for CVD risk screening in the postpartum period to reduce the burden of disease on these patients. However, as implementation of these recommendations is still in its infancy, improvements to risk screening strategies are warranted. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL, and Scopus databases were searched from inception to June 27, 2022 for studies on the estimated risk for future CVD following a PMD – including: preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome, fetal growth restriction, small for gestational age, placental abruption, pre-term birth, gestational diabetes, or stillbirth. Studies that reported traditional clinical and biochemical risk factors or reported a risk score were included. Results: The search yielded 11,039 articles of which 104 met our inclusion criteria. The majority of the studies evaluated preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. All PMD types demonstrated evidence of increased CVD risk markers at varying timepoints postpartum. At least one study per PMD type had non-optimal measures of systolic blood pressure, BMI, and total cholesterol. Conclusions: Women with a history of PMDs demonstrate heightened evidence of CVD risk markers post-partum. As such, a detailed obstetric history at CVD risk assessments is warranted. Further, systolic blood pressure, BMI, and total cholesterol may be CVD risk markers specifically relevant to this population. Improved risk assessment tools and triage strategies in the postpartum period should be explored for women with a history of PMDs.
Environment-and epigenome-wide association study of obesity in ‘Children of 1997’ birth cohort; Background: Increasing childhood obesity is a global issue requiring potentially local solutions to ensure it does not continue into adulthood. We systematically identified potentially modifiable targets of obesity at the onset and end of puberty in Hong Kong, the most economically developed major Chinese city. Methods: We conducted an environment-wide association study (EWAS) and an epigenome-wide association study of obesity to systematically assess associations with body mass index (BMI) and waist–hip ratio (WHR) in Hong Kong’s population-representative ‘Children of 1997’ birth cohort. Univariable linear regression was used to select exposures related to obesity at ~11.5 years (BMI and obesity risk n ≤ 7119, WHR n = 5691) and ~17.6 years (n = 3618) at Bonferroni-corrected signif-icance, and multivariable regression to adjust for potential confounders followed by replicated multivariable regression (n = 308) and CpG by CpG analysis (n = 286) at ~23 years. Findings were compared with evidence from published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and Mendelian random-ization (MR) studies. Results: At ~11.5 and~17.6 years the EWAS identified 14 and 37 exposures associated with BMI, as well as 7 and 12 associated with WHR, respectively. Most exposures had directionally consistent associations at ~23 years. Maternal second-hand smoking, maternal weight, and birth weight were consistently associated with obesity. Diet (including dairy intake and artificially sweetened bever-ages), physical activity, snoring, binge eating, and earlier puberty were positively associated with BMI at ~17.6 years, while eating before sleep was inversely associated with BMI at ~17.6 years. Findings for birth weight, dairy intake, and binge eating are consistent with available evidence from RCTs or MR studies. We found 17 CpGs related to BMI and 17 to WHR. Conclusions: These novel insights into potentially modifiable factors associated with obesity at the outset and the end of puberty could, if causal, inform future interventions to improve population health in Hong Kong and similar Chinese settings. Funding: This study including the follow-up survey and epigenetics testing was supported by the Health and Medical Research Fund Research Fellowship, Food and Health Bureau, Hong Kong SAR Government (#04180097). The DNA extraction of the samples used for epigenetic testing was supported by CFS-HKU1.
Diagnosis of Pregnancy Complications Using Blind Ultrasound Sweeps Performed by Individuals Without Prior Formal Ultrasound Training; Objective: To estimate the diagnostic accuracy of blind ultrasound sweeps performed with a low-cost, portable ultrasound system by individuals with no prior formal ultrasound training to diagnose common pregnancy complications. Methods: This is a single-center, prospective cohort study conducted from October 2020 to January 2022 among people with second- and third-trimester pregnancies. Nonspecialists with no prior formal ultrasound training underwent a brief training on a simple eight-step approach to performing a limited obstetric ultrasound examination that uses blind sweeps of a portable ultrasound probe based on external body landmarks. The sweeps were interpreted by five blinded maternal-fetal medicine subspecialists. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values for blinded ultrasound sweep identification of pregnancy complications (fetal malpresentation, multiple gestations, placenta previa, and abnormal amniotic fluid volume) were compared with a reference standard ultrasonogram as the primary analysis. Kappa for agreement was also assessed. Results: Trainees performed 194 blinded ultrasound examinations on 168 unique pregnant people (248 fetuses) at a mean of 28±5.85 weeks of gestation for a total of 1,552 blinded sweep cine clips. There were 49 ultrasonograms with normal results (control group) and 145 ultrasonograms with abnormal results with known pregnancy complications. In this cohort, the sensitivity for detecting a prespecified pregnancy complication was 91.7% (95% CI 87.2-96.2%) overall, with the highest detection rate for multiple gestations (100%, 95% CI 100-100%) and noncephalic presentation (91.8%, 95% CI 86.4-97.3%). There was high negative predictive value for placenta previa (96.1%, 95% CI 93.5-98.8%) and abnormal amniotic fluid volume (89.5%, 95% CI 85.3-93.6%). There was also substantial to perfect mean agreement for these same outcomes (range 87-99.6% agreement, Cohen range 0.59-0.91, P<.001 for all). Conclusion: Blind ultrasound sweeps of the gravid abdomen guided by an eight-step protocol using only external anatomic landmarks and performed by previously untrained operators with a low-cost, portable, battery-powered device had excellent sensitivity and specificity for high-risk pregnancy complications such as malpresentation, placenta previa, multiple gestations, and abnormal amniotic fluid volume, similar to results of a diagnostic ultrasound examination using a trained ultrasonographer and standard-of-care ultrasound machine. This approach has the potential to improve access to obstetric ultrasonography globally.
Placental abruption at near-term and term gestations: pathophysiology, epidemiology, diagnosis, and management; Placental abruption is the premature separation of the placenta from its uterine attachment before the delivery of a fetus. The clinical manifestations of abruption typically include vaginal bleeding and abdominal pain with a wide variety of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns. Clinical challenges arise when pregnant people with this condition present with profound vaginal bleeding, necessitating urgent delivery, especially when there is a concern for maternal and fetal compromise and coagulopathy. Abruption occurs in 0.6% to 1.2% of all pregnancies, with nearly half of abruption occurring at term gestations. An exposition of abruption at near-term (defined as the late preterm period from 34 0/7 to 36 6/7 weeks of gestation) and term (defined as ≥37 weeks of gestation) provides unique insights into its direct effects, as risks associated with preterm birth do not impact outcomes. Here, we explore the pathophysiology, epidemiology, and diagnosis of abruption. We discuss the interaction of chronic processes (decidual and uteroplacental vasculopathy) and acute processes (shearing forces applied to the abdomen) that underlie the pathophysiology. Risk factors for abruption and strengths of association are summarized. Sonographic findings of abruption and fetal heart rate tracings are presented. In addition, we propose a management algorithm for acute abruption that incorporates blood loss, vital signs, and urine output, among other factors. Lastly, we discuss blood component therapy, viscoelastic point-of-care testing, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and management of abruption complicated by fetal death. The review seeks to provide comprehensive, clinically focused guidance during a gestational age range when neonatal outcomes can often be favorable if rapid and evidence-based care is optimized.
Assessment of uterine contractions in labor and delivery; Normal labor and delivery are dependent on the presence of regular and effective contractions of the uterine myometrium. The mechanisms responsible for the initiation and maintenance of adequate and synchronized uterine activity that are necessary for labor and delivery result from a complex interplay of hormonal, mechanical, and electrical factors that have not yet been fully elucidated. Monitoring uterine activity during term labor and in suspected preterm labor is an important component of obstetrical care because cases of inadequate and excessive uterine activity can be associated with substantial maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Inadequate labor progress is a common challenge encountered in intrapartum care, with labor dystocia being the most common indication for cesarean deliveries performed during labor. Hereafter, an accurate assessment of uterine activity during labor can assist in the management of protracted labor by diagnosing inadequate uterine activity and facilitating the titration of uterotonic medications before a trial of labor is prematurely terminated. Conversely, the ability to diagnose unwanted or excessive uterine activity is also critical in cases of threatened preterm labor, tachysystole, or patients undergoing a trial of labor after cesarean delivery. Knowledge of uterine activity in these cases may guide the use of tocolytic medications or raise suspicion of uterine rupture. Current diagnostic capabilities are less than optimal, hindering the medical management of term and preterm labor. Currently, different methods exist for evaluating uterine activity during labor, including manual palpation, external tocodynamometry, intrauterine pressure monitoring, and electrical uterine myometrial activity tracing. Legacy uterine monitoring techniques have advantages and limitations. External tocodynamometry is the most widespread tool in clinical use owing to its noninvasive nature and its ability to time contractions against the fetal heart rate monitor. However, it does not provide information regarding the strength of uterine contractions and is limited by signal loss with maternal movements. Conversely, the intrauterine pressure catheter quantifies the strength of uterine contractions; however, its use is limited by its invasiveness, risk for complications, and limited additive value in all but few clinical scenarios. New monitoring methods are being used, such as electrical uterine monitoring, which is noninvasive and does not require ruptured membranes. Electrical uterine monitoring has yet to be incorporated into common clinical practice because of lack of access to this technology, its high cost, and the need for appropriate training of clinical staff. Further work needs to be done to increase the accessibility and implementation of this technique by experts, and further research is needed to implement new practical and useful methods. This review describes current clinical tools for uterine activity assessment during labor and discusses their advantages and shortcomings. The review also summarizes current knowledge regarding novel technologies for monitoring uterine contractions that are not yet in widespread use, but are promising and could help improve our understanding of the physiology of labor, delivery, and preterm labor, and ultimately enhance patient care.
Analysis of Cardiovascular Complications during Delivery Admissions Associated with COVID-19; Abstract BACKGROUND: Persons with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection have an increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. However, data on acute cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions remain limited. OBJECTIVE: To determine whether birthing individuals with COVID-19 have an increased risk of acute peripartum cardiovascular complications during their delivery admission. METHODS: This population-based retrospective cohort study used the National Inpatient Sample (2020) by utilizing ICD-10 codes to identify delivery admissions with a diagnosis of COVID-19. A multivariable logistic regression model was developed to report an adjusted odds ratio for the association between COVID-19 and acute peripartum cardiovascular complications. RESULTS: A total of 3,458,691 weighted delivery admissions were identified, of which 1.3% were among persons with COVID-19 (n=46,375). Persons with COVID-19 were younger (median 28 vs. 29 years, p<0.01) and had a higher prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm births and Cesarean delivery (p<0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, COVID-19 remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (aOR 1.33 [1.29-1.37]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR 2.09 [1.54-2,84]), acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (aOR 12.94 [8.85-18.90]), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.55 [1.45-1.67]) compared with no COVID-19. Likewise, the risk of in-hospital mortality, AKI, stroke, pulmonary edema, and VTE was higher with COVID-19. For resource utilization, cost of hospitalization ($5,374 vs. $4,837, p<0.01) was higher for deliveries among persons with COVID-19. CONCLUSIONS: Persons with COVID-19 had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, ACS, arrhythmias, in-hospital mortality, pulmonary edema, AKI, stroke, and VTE during delivery hospitalizations. This was associated with an increased cost of hospitalization. Keywords: COVID-19, Pregnancy, GDM, PCOS, Preeclampsia, CVD, Cardiovascular Disease Abbreviations: COVID-19: Coronavirus disease-2019, GDM: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, PCOS: Polycystic Ovary Syndrome, National Inpatient Sample: NIS, AHRQ: Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, HCUP: the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Funding and Conflicts of Interest Dr. Michos reports Advisory Board participation for Amgen, AstraZeneca, Amarin, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, Esperion, Novartis, Novo Nordisk, and Pfizer. The remaining authors have nothing to disclose.
Relationship Between Gestational Insulinresistance, Dyslipidemia and Variations of Pulse Wave Velocity; Abstract Background:Gestational diabetes( GD) is a state of hyperglycemia that first appears during pregnancy. This condition, associated with insulinresistance, represents a cardiovascular risk factor. Objective: Our aim is to assess the relationship between gestational insulinresistance, pulse wave velocity and lipidic cardiovascular risk factors. Methods:This was a prospective, descriptive and comparative study on 60 pregnant women aged 20 to 35 and located between the twentieth and thirtieth week of gestational age. They were divided into two groups: the control group(G1) was composed of 25 normoglycemic pregnancies with no history of disease or risk factor for gestational diabetes; the diabetic group(G2), was made up of 35 pregnant women suffering only from gestational diabetes without any other chronic pathology that could affect the quality of the vessels or the normal course of pregnancy. Parameters measured were: age, weight, height, blood pressure (BP), triglycerides, cholesterol, HOMA-IR index and finger-toe pulse wave velocity(PWVft). Results:The two groups are matched by age (G1:28±4; G2:29±3). The blood pressure values are in a normal range (systolic BP: [110-132]; diastolic BP: [63-87]; average BP: [79-103]). Values of:Total cholesterol (G1:0.95±0.08; G2:2.4±0.7;p˂0.0001), HDL cholesterol (G1:0.44±0.02;G2:08 ±0.2;p˂0.0001), LDL cholesterol (G1:0.40±0.05;G2:1.3±0.5;p˂0.0001), triglycerides (G1:0.65± 0.49; G2:1.48±0.27; p=0.0018), HOMA-IR index (G1:1.31±1.05; G2:7.4±1.07; p˂0.01 ), PWVft (G1:5.99±1.23; G2:10.3±1.9; p˂0.0001) are significantly higher in diabetic group. HOMA-IR, total cholesterol and triglycerides are correlated with PWVft(respectively r=0.8931; p˂ 0.0001; r=0.9867; p˂ 0.0001; r=0.9507; p˂ 0.0001). Conclusion: Increase of PWVft provides an index of vascular status and may represent a link between insulinresistance, dyslipidemia and the tendency for future cardiovascular disease. Keywords: gestational diabetes-insulinresistance-pulse wave velocity-dyslipidemia Abbreviations: GD: Gestational diabetes, PWVft: finger-toe pulse wave velocity, HOMA-IR index: insulinresistance index of HOMA Funding and Conflicts of Interest Funding: No funding sources Conflict of interest: None declared Ethical approval: The study was approved by the Institutional Ethics Committee (Ref:0051/2015/CER/UCAD)
Maternal Diabetes in Youth-Onset Type 2 Diabetes Is Associated with Progressive Dysglycemia and Risk of Complications; Context: Prenatal exposures, including undernutrition, overnutrition, and parental diabetes, are recognized risk factors for future cardiometabolic disease. There are currently no data on effects of parental diabetes on disease progression or complications in youth-onset type 2 diabetes (T2D). Objective: We analyzed effects of parental diabetes history on glycemic outcomes, β-cell function, and complications in a US cohort of youth-onset T2D. Methods: Participants (N = 699) aged 10 to 17 years with T2D were enrolled at 15 US centers and followed for up to 12 years as part of the TODAY (Treatment Options for type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth) and TODAY2 follow-up studies. Information about diabetes diagnosis in biological mothers was available for 621 participants (never = 301; before or during pregnancy = 218; after pregnancy = 102) and in biological fathers for 519 (no diabetes = 352; paternal diabetes = 167). Results: Maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with loss of glycemic control over time, defined as glycated hemoglobin A1c greater than or equal to 8% for more than 6 months (P= .001). Similarly, maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with increased risk of glomerular hyperfiltration (P= .01) and low heart rate variability (P= .006) after 12 years of follow-up. Effects were largely independent of age, sex, race/ethnicity, and household income. Maternal diabetes during vs after pregnancy had similar effects on outcomes. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes, regardless of whether diagnosed during vs after pregnancy, is associated with worse glycemic control, glomerular hyperfiltration, and reduced heart rate variability in youth with T2D in TODAY. The strong associations of diabetes outcomes with maternal diabetes suggest a possible role for in utero programming.
Septic shock secondary to invasive Group A Streptococcus following elective caesarean section; Introduction: Sepsis remains a leading direct cause of maternal death1. We report a case of septic shock secondary to invasive group A streptococcus (iGAS) following elective caesarean section (CS). Case Report: A 42-year-old, primiparous woman presented to our maternity unit in septic shock, eight days post elective CS (gestational diabetes; IVF) - under spinal anaesthesia. On arrival, she was in extremis; despite aggressive resuscitation with intravenous fluids and vasopressors, arterial lactate was 12 on arrival to intensive therapy unit (ITU). At laparotomy, two and a half litres of purulent free fluid were drained from the abdomen and inotropic requirements rapidly escalated. Anaerobic/aerobic blood and peritoneal fluid cultures grew streptococcus pyogenes within 24 h. Multi organ failure ensued. Bedside echocardiography demonstrated severely impaired left ventricle with ejection fraction of 20-25%, acute respiratory distress syndrome, acute kidney injury, persistent acidosis and coagulopathy. Despite escalating support with maximal noradrenaline, vasopressin, adrenaline and milrinone, renal filtration and 100% inspired oxygen, she suffered a prolonged period (ten hours) of severe hypoxia (saturations down to 76%). Intravenous immunoglobulin commenced for streptococcal toxic shock syndrome with regular antimicrobial review. Radiological imaging suggested ongoing uterine collection and further surgical source removal took place on day seven. Despite withdrawal of sedation the patient remained unconscious for several days and CT head showed multifocal foci of subcortical haemorrhages. Cardiovascular support was weaned; however, inotrope necrosis of all digits/toes was already evident. She was successfully extubated on day 18 and discharged home 60 days later with ongoing plastic surgery and rehabilitation input regarding future prostheses and psychological support. Caldicott approval and patient consent gained. Discussion: This case highlights the importance of ‘thinking sepsis’ for timely recognition/management - mortality rates secondary to sepsis are continuing to increase steadily [1]. Higher than expected rates of iGAS are still occurring, particularly in Yorkshire and Humber [2]. It further highlights the need for prompt involvement of anaesthetics/ITU, as occurred in this case, alongside the vital role of multidisciplinary team working - particular emphasis on rehabilitation/psychology for the sequelae following such a critical illness.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future risk of heart failure; Purpose of reviewCardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Women with history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have approximately two-fold risk of future CVD, but until recently the association with future heart failure (HF) was unclear. Here, we summarize evidence for associations of APOs with HF, potential underlying mechanisms, and future directions for clinical translation.Recent findingsWomen with history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) have roughly two-fold risk of future HF compared with other parous women even after accounting for interval development of coronary artery disease. The HDPs portend heightened risk of HF with both reduced and preserved ejection fraction. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and other APOs such as preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age delivery, and placental abruption may also confer additional risk for HF development. Possible underlying mechanisms linking APOs to HF include shared upstream risk factors and genetics, accelerated development of cardiometabolic risk factors postpartum, persistent endothelial and microvascular dysfunction, and impaired natriuretic peptide signaling.SummaryHistory of APOs, including HDPs and GDM, confer increased risk for development of HF years after delivery. Further research is needed to define strategies to optimize prepregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular health toward HF prevention.
Prevalence, characteristics, and health-related quality of life of continuous glucose monitoring use according to the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System 2014-2020; BACKGROUND: Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) can improve behavioral and clinical outcomes. The use of CGM in realworld practice appears to be increasing. However, actual prevalence and characteristics of using CGM in real-world practice are unknown. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the prevalence of CGM use by American adults with diabetes mellitus and differences in demographics and health-related quality of life (HRQOL) between users of CGM and self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). METHODS: This serial cross-sectional study using 2014-2020 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System data included nonpregnant adults with self-reported diabetes using CGM or 4-15 times daily SMBG. Outcomes were prevalence of CGM use, demographics, and the 4-item Centers for Disease Control and Prevention HRQOL (CDC HRQOL-4). Unadjusted analysis was performed using univariable regression, and adjusted analysis was performed using nearest neighbor matching to compare CDC HRQOL-4 between SMBG and CGM groups in SAS Studio version 5.2. RESULTS: Among 12,053 included respondents, 231 (1.9%) reported using CGM, and prevalence increased from 0.4% in 2014 to 4.1% in 2020. Compared with SMBG users, CGM users were more likely to be younger (50.3 years vs 56.1 years; P < 0.001), employed (59.6% vs 30.6%; P = 0.001), earn at least $75,000/year (48.5% vs 22.0%, P < 0.001), have insurance coverage (99.7% vs 95.4%; P = 0.005), and report fewer comorbidities (history of myocardial infarction, stroke, arthritis, depressive disorder, and kidney disease; all P < 0.05). After nearest neighbor matching, diabetes management-related characteristics were shown to have statistically significant differences between CGM and SMBG users including: age at diabetes diagnosis (30.6 vs 35.6 years; P = 0.005), not seeing a doctor because of cost concern (2.6% vs 7.8%; P = 0.011), checking hemoglobin A1c biannually (91.3% vs 86.6%; P = 0.047), performing daily foot self-examination (58.9% vs 69.6%; P = 0.028), receiving foot examination by a health care professional annually (87.9% vs 93.5%; P = 0.048), and receiving a shingles vaccine in the past (16.5% vs 10.1%; P = 0.024). CDC HRQOL-4 were shown to be similar between the 2 groups across the 4 domains (general health, physical, mental, and combined physical and mental health). CONCLUSIONS: An increased trend in CGM use was observed from 2014 to 2020. Economic factors were associated with CGM use over SMBG, and CGM use did not show a difference in HRQOL measured across the 4 domains.
Intrapartum Atosiban Treatment During Tachysystole and Non-reassuring Fetal Monitoring: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Background: Uterine tachysystole during labor can lead to a decrease in fetal oxygen saturation and intracerebral oxygen saturation. Acute tocolysis using atosiban can inhibit uterine smooth muscle activity, potentially improving fetal status and facilitating vaginal delivery or allowing time to prepare for operative delivery. Objectives: To compare maternal and neonatal outcomes in cesarean and vaginal deliveries following atosiban administration during fetal prolonged deceleration and tachysystole at gestational age 37 0/7 to 43 0/7 weeks. Methods: We conducted a single-center, descriptive retrospective cohort study at a large tertiary referral center. Results: Of the 275 patients treated with atosiban, 186 (68%) delivered vaginally (either spontaneous delivery or instrumental delivery) and 89 (32%) underwent a cesarean delivery. In a univariate analysis, cesarean delivery was associated with higher body mass index (27.9 ± 4.3 vs. 30.2 ± 4.8, P = 0.003). Second stage atosiban administration was associated with vaginal delivery (89.3% vs. 10.7%, P = 0.01). Cesarean delivery was associated with lower Apgar at 1 and 5 minutes and a higher rate of neonatal intensive care unit admissions. The incidence of PPH among women treated with atosiban in our study (2.3-4.3%) was higher than the incidence reported in the literature (1-3%) Conclusions: Atosiban may be an effective acute intervention for non-reassuring fetal heart rate during tachysystole, increasing the rate of vaginal delivery and potentially reducing the need for cesarean delivery. However, the potential risk of postpartum hemorrhage should be taken into consideration.
Clinical Manifestation, Laboratory Findings and Adverse Outcomes of COVID 19 Infection in Pregnant Women: A Cross-Sectional Study in the West of Iran; Background & Objective: Pregnancy is a unique immunological condition in which the immune system is affected and therefore there is a greater risk of severe disease and mortality from COVID-19 disease. The present study aimed to evaluate the clinical manifestation, laboratory findings, and adverse outcomes among a population of pregnant women confirmed with COVID 19 infection. Materials & Methods: In present cross-sectional study, all pregnant women with COVID-19 referred to Mousavi Hospital in Zanjan City from February 2020 to August 2021 including 232 patients were examined. We used a researcher-made checklist to extract the required information, including socio-demographic data, potential risk factors, clinical manifestations, laboratory parameters, and fetal, and neonatal outcomes of the patients. Comparison of laboratory parameters in women with COVID-19 according to ICU admission was made using independent t-test and Mann-Whitney U test. Results: 47.4%, of women were 30 to 40 years old, 45.7% were illiterate. Weakness, myalgia, dry cough, and fatigue were the most common clinical symptoms (>90%). Patients had abnormal levels of ALT and AST, whereas the means of other laboratory parameters were in the normal range. Forty-one (17.6%) of patients were admitted to the ICU. The means of C-reactive protein (46.58 vs. 25.87), lactate dehydrogenase (586.31 vs. 480.97), Blood urea nitrogen (9.43 vs. 8.26), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (62.40 vs. 46.11) were statistically higher in patients admitted to ICU than those who were not in the ICU (P <0.05). Mortality rates among women who had a vaginal delivery and C-section were 3% and 6.1%, respectively. Conclusion: The most common laboratory findings in COVID-19-infected mothers were lymphopenia and elevated CRP, ALT, D-Dimer, and LDH. An increased hospitalization in ICU and higher rates of mother and fetal death were complications of pregnancy and childbirth in COVID-19-infected women.
HEALTH INSURANCE STATUS AND MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOMES AMONG PREGNANT PATIENTS WITH INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE; Introduction: The peak age of onset for inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) overlaps with women's reproductive age. There has also been an increase in IBD in the pregnant population in recent years. Studies suggest women with IBD may have worse maternal and fetal outcomes and increased hospital resource utilization during pregnancy. We hypothesize that insurance status as a social determinant of health (SDOH) may play a role in these outcomes. Methods: The National Inpatient Sample (NIS) from 2016-2017 was analyzed to identify all pregnant women and stratified by IBD diagnosis based on ICD 10 codes. Maternal outcomes of interest were hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, post-partum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, postpartum endometritis, spontaneous abortion, missed abortion, postabortion complications, ectopic pregnancy, polyhydramnios, hyperemesis, mental disorder during pregnancy, prolonged pregnancy, and length of stay. Fetal outcomes of interest were preterm delivery, fetal growth restriction, fetal death, fetal distress, cord complications and large for gestational age. Univariate analyses were conducted to determine the effect of insurance status (public, private, self-pay) on maternal and fetal outcomes. Outcomes were adjusted for age, race, hospital bed size, location/teaching status of hospital, hospital region, median household income, and Charlson Comorbidity index. Results: There was a total of 17,144 records for hospitalized pregnant women with IBD, of which 4,970 had public health insurance, 12,024 had private health insurance and 150 were self-pay (Table 1). After adjusting for potential confounders, pregnant women with IBD with public health insurance had increased odds of hospitalization for pregnancy-related mental disorders, hyperemesis, fetal growth restriction, and spontaneous abortion and lower odds of hospitalization for prolonged pregnancy than those with private insurance. The mean length of stay (LOS) for pregnant IBD patients was higher than those without IBD. Patients with public insurance had a higher mean LOS than other insurance types regardless of IBD status (Table 2). Conclusion: NIS data suggest an association with increased adverse maternal/ fetal outcomes for pregnant IBD patients with public compared to private health insurance. While public health insurance appears to have a protective factor for prolonged pregnancy, the increased odds of the other adverse outcomes described are likely of higher threat to maternal and fetal health. Other SDOH factors may also have a role in these outcomes among pregnant women with IBD and further studies are warranted.
Comparison of a Newly-Designed and Conventional Strap Used for Cardiotocograph Recoding in Preterm Labor; 1 Division of Maternal Newborn Nursing and Midwifery, Ramathibodi School of Nursing, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand; 2 Obstetrics and Gynecology, Faculty of Medicine, Ramathibodi Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand Objective: 1) To compare the outcomes of fetal heart rate monitoring using a newly-designed elastic cardiotocograph (CTG) bandage and a conventional ultrasound transducer bandage, and 2) to evaluate the satisfaction of the participants and labor staff using the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage compared to those using the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage. Materials and Methods: The researchers invented the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage and conducted a quasi-experimental study with thirty-four pregnant women gestational age under 37 weeks using both the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage and the conventional ultrasound transducers. A comparison of the outcomes of fetal heart rate monitoring between the two methods was done using Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Then, two instruments (the CTG band satisfaction questionnaire for women, and the CTG band satisfaction questionnaire and fetal heart rate graph absence record for the labor staff) were administered to the respective participants. They were adapted for the study based on the diffusion of innovation model, which postulated that an innovation was generally adopted when five main factors (compatibility, complexity, trial-ability, observability, and relative advantage) were met. Results: The median score of signals of fetal heart rate loss when solely using the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage was only 1.0 times and the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage was 3.0 times. There was a significant difference (p<0.001). Most members of the labor staff were satisfied with the suitability of the newly-designed elastic CTG bandage. Conclusion: The newly-designed elastic CTG bandage improved the quality of fetal heart rate assessment compared to the conventional ultrasound transducer bandage, resulting in the reduction of errors during examinations and the labor staff’s workloads while providing the ability to continuously assess the fetal heart rate.
Surveys on management of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome in ten hospitals in Northwest China in 2016 and 2021; Objective To analyze the status of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) management in 10 hospitals in Northwest China over the past five years and to investigate the strategies for improving the prevention and treatment of RDS. Methods This retrospective study involved premature infants with RDS who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care units (NICU) of 10 hospitals (six in Shaanxi Province, three in Gansu Province, and one in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region) of the Northwest China Neonatal Collaborative Group within 3 d after birth from January 1 to December 31, 2016, and from January 1 to December 31, 2021. Basic information, perinatal condition, treatment approaches, complications, and prognosis of the patients were compared. T-test, rank sum, and Chi-square tests were used for statistical analysis. Result (1) This study enrolled 322 premature infants with RDS in 2016 and 349 in 2021. Premature infants at the gestational age of 30 to 33 weeks were mainly affected, and the majority were male [64.3% (207/322) and 57.3% (200/349)]. The average maternal age in 2021 was older than that in 2016 [(30.6±4.8) years vs (28.6±5.4) years, t=24.02, P<0.001], and the proportion of women at advanced maternal age was also higher in 2021 [19.2% (67/349) vs 12.4% (40/322), χ2=4.18, P<0.05]. (2) The proportions of pregnancies conceived with assisted reproductive technologies [11.7% (41/349) vs 1.9% (6/322), χ2=25.12], underwent routine prenatal examinations [58.5% (204/349) vs 30.4% (98/322), χ2=53.33], exposed to steroids [62.2% (217/349) vs 28.6% (92/322), χ2=82.58] and delivered by cesarean section or elective cesarean section [73.6% (257/349) vs 51.6% (166/322), χ2=35.06; 24.1% (84/ 349) vs 6.5% (21/322), χ2=39.07], as well as the ratio of cesarean scar pregnancy [7.4% (26/349) vs 3.4% (11/322), χ2=5.23] were all higher in 2021 than those in 2016 (all P<0.05). Moreover, the incidence of fetal distress [30.1% (105/349) vs 20.2% (65/322), χ2=8.68], gestational hypertension [24.6% (86/349) vs 13.0% (42/322), χ2=14.59], premature rupture of membranes [16.0% (56/349) vs 10.2% (33/322), χ2=4.89], meconium-stained amniotic fluid [12.6% (44/349) vs 5.6% (18/322), χ2=9.83], placental abruption [10.3% (36/349) vs 5.3% (17/322), χ2=5.84], gestational diabetes mellitus [10.3% (36/349) vs 1.6%(5/322), χ2=22.41], chorioamnionitis [4.6%(16/349) vs 0.9% (3/322), χ2=8.12], thyroid dysfunction [4.3% (15/349) vs 0.6% (2/322), χ2=7.88] and heart disease [4.3% (15/349) vs 0.3% (1/322), χ2=9.17] were higher in 2021 than in 2016 (all P<0.05). (3) In 2021, the rate of pulmonary surfactant (PS) usage, the dosage of porcine PS, and the proportion of bovine PS usage were all significantly higher than those in 2016 [73.6% (257/349) vs 67.1% (216/322), χ2=11.62; (178.5±38.0) mg/kg vs (165.2±42.8) mg/kg, t=7.85; 47.9% (123/257) vs 19.4% (42/216), χ2=41.72; all P<0.01]. No significant difference in the incidence of intubation-surfactant-extubation (INSURE), early PS administration (≤2 h after birth), or the arterial blood gas values before and after PS treatment was found between the cases enrolled in 2021 and 2016. The duration of antibiotic treatment [7.0 d (5.0-14.0 d) vs 5.0 d (1.0-8.0 d), Z=7.55] and assisted ventilation [144 h (81-264 h) vs 73 h (47-134 h), Z=8.20] and the median hospital stay [24 d(14-42 d) vs 16 d (10-25 d), Z=6.74] were significantly longer in 2021 than in 2016 (all P<0.01). More patients required nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation [29.6% (100/338) vs 1.0% (3/306), χ2=97.81] and conventional ventilation [42.6% (144/338) vs 30.1% (92/306), χ2=10.87] in 2021 as compared with those five years ago (both P<0.01). (4) In 2021, the incidence of patent ductus arteriosus [15.5% (54/349) vs 6.2% (20/322), χ2=63.40], bronchopulmonary dysplasia [9.2% (32/349) vs 2.8% (9/322), χ2=12.88], persistent pulmonary hypertension [5.4% (19/349) vs 0.6% (2/322), χ2=12.85], periventricular leukomalacia [4.3% (15/349) vs 1.2% (4/322), χ2=7.52] and pneumothorax [3.4% (12/349) vs 0.3% (1/322), χ2=9.68] increased as compared with those in 2016 (all P<0.05), while the incidence of nosocomial infection decreased significantly [7.4% (26/349) vs 19.6% (63/322), χ2=21.37, P<0.001]. (5) The cure rate of premature infants with RDS was 70.8% (247/349) in 2021, which was significantly higher than that in 2016 [56.2% (181/322), χ2=15.37, P<0.001]. Moreover, the rate of withdrawing treatment and the total mortality rate was lower in 2021 than in 2016 [7.7% (27/349) vs 14.3% (46/322), χ2=7.41; in-hospital: 1.4% (5/349) vs 5.6% (18/322), χ2=8.74; out of hospital: 8.3% (29/349) vs 13.7% (44/322), χ2=4.96; all P<0.05]. Conclusions The clinical management of RDS in premature infants in the involved hospitals has been improved. However, there is room for improvement in prenatal examinations.
Investigating the relationship between the serum fat level of pregnant mothers and the birth weight of the fetus: a brief report; Background: birth weight is associated with neonatal mortality and morbidity .In recent studies, fetal growth is related to the risk of developing type two diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The mother’s nutrition and metabolism are major determinants of fetal growth. Some complications of low birth weight are hypocalcemia, hypoglycemia, intrauterine death. Any substance or hormone that can cross the placenta may affect the fetal growth and birth weight, including the maternal lipid during pregnancy. The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on neonatal birth weight has been documented. Lipids and amino acids usually are not considered in the clinical management of pregnancy because there is less known about the role of these nutrients in the well-being of the pregnancy. This study aimed to determine the relationship between levels of serum lipids in pregnancy and fetal birth weight. Methods: This descriptive cross-sectional study was performed on 170 pregnant women referred to Kerman medical university clinics in Iran from March 2019 to April 2020. After explaining the objectives of the study and gaining informed consent from the individuals, the maternal lipid profile during the first trimester of pregnancy, was measured within the first visit through a sample taken from the maternal blood. Pregnant women were monitored during pregnancy, and the variables were measured (Age, BMI, weight, frequency of pregnancy, weight gain in pregnancy, lipid and blood glucose profiles). The results of the samples were analyzed using SPSS software, version 20 (IBM SPSS, Armonk, NY, USA). Results: The results indicated that the newborn weight increases with an increment in the maternal blood cholesterol (P=0.001) and triglyceride (P=0.001) levels. In addition, it was found that the increasing HDL (P=0.867) and LDL (P=0.803) levels of the pregnant women’s blood, does not lead to the birth weight increase of the infants. Conclusion: Results of our study generally indicate that triglyceride and cholesterol levels are related to fetal birth weight. Studies with high sample sizes are recommended to investigate all neonatal weight gain variables.
Polygenic risk scores for disease progression in clinically related events; Background/Objectives: Predicting who is at elevated risk of developing a severe disease remains an important task in many clinical disciplines to optimize screening and prevention. Methods: Here, we test the utility of polygenic risk scores (PRSs) in a potentially actionable clinical setting where a patient presents with an unspecified symptom using electronic health records of 356,077 Finns. Examples for such scenarios are individuals with an unclear possible seizure at risk to develop epilepsy or individuals with unclear stomach complaints (irritable bowel syndrome) at risk to develop an autoimmune inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Results: In 7,083 individuals with irritable bowel syndrome, we found that individuals with the top 10% of IBD-PRS showed an increased risk (HR 2.24, 95% CI 1.60-3.15) of developing IBD after 10 years compared to individuals with lower IBD-PRS. In young adults (age < 40) the effect of IBD-PRS was larger: the top 10% of IBD-PRS had a risk of developing IBD of ca. 14%. Individuals in the bottom 25% of IBD-PGS were consistently at low risk (<5%) to develop IBD. Disease-specific PRS had a more modest benefit in scenarios of high genetic correlation between two endpoints such as predicting myocardial infarction in individuals with angina pectoris or onset of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes. Analyses are replicated in a biobank network (n=1.2 Million). Conclusion: We are thus presenting scenarios and methods to improve the utility of PRSs for predicting disease progression.
Sleep quality and metabolic consequences in overweight or obese children and adolescents; Background: Emerging evidence has assigned an important role to sleep as a modulator of metabolic homeostasis. The impact of variations in sleep quality in cardiometabolic function encompasses a wide array of disorders spanning from obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease risk and mortality, in both adults and children. Yet little is known about the impact of sleep disturbances in overweight or obese children. Aim: The aim of this study was to characterize sleep in children with overweight or obesity and to examine the associations between child sleep and components of metabolic syndrome in overweight or obese children and adolescents. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted from June 2022 to August 2022. Overweight and obese children evaluated in Pediatrics consultations in our Center were included. The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index questionnaire was applied to patients (or patient's parents/guardians). Sleep quality was classified as follows: 0-5=good sleep quality; 6-10=poor sleep quality; >10=sleep disorder. Additional data was collected from the clinical file. The data was treated by the software IBM SPSS Statistics 27 at a significance level of 5%. A multivariate analysis was performed with adjustment for gender, age, history of gestational diabetes, maternal and paternal education, weeks of gestation at birth and whether the child was breastfed. Results: Sixty-nine patients were included (BMI: 29.9±6.3Kg/m2; age: 12.4±3.3years), of which 44.9%% were female. This last group had higher global Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index score (11.5±7.3 vs. 10.9±6.8, p=0.013. Twenty-eight percent of children met criteria for poor sleep quality and 47.1% of sleep disorder. There was a positive correlation between both BMI (r=0.305; p=0.001) and Z-score of BMI (r=0.269, p= 0.025) and sleep score quality but this association was no longer observed after adjusting for confounders (β=0.401, p=0.078 and β=4.456, p=0.078, respectively). A higher level of maternal education and age was inversely associated with worse sleep quality (p=0.013 and 0.039 respectively). No relationship was found between sleep quality and lipid profile, hepatic steatosis, blood pressure or A1c. Conclusion: Poor sleep quality may be inversely related to BMI, however, the small size of the sample and the fact that normoweight children were not included may have meant that significant differences were not obtained between the groups. It seems that the confounding factors were more correlated with the sleep quality score than the metabolic parameters, since adjusting for them does not show a significant association between BMI and the sleep quality score. Further studies are needed to assess sleep quality among children with and without obesity, in a population with more patients and more uniform ages.
Glucagon-Induced Hypoglycemia in a Patient With Cirrhosis; Introduction: Glucagon is commonly used as a treatment for severe hypoglycemia by stimulating hepatic gluconeogenesis and glycogenolysis to produce glucose.1 We report a case of hypoglycemia secondary to glucagon use in a patient with decompensated cirrhosis. Case: A 39- year-old female with resolved gestational diabetes and primary biliary cholangitis complicated by cirrhosis with esophageal varices presented with abdominal pain, cholestatic transaminitis, bradycardia (40-50 bpm), and normoglycemia (85 mg/dL). Pertinent home medications included propranolol but no insulin or insulin secretagogues. Antibiotics and octreotide/proton pump inhibitor (PPI) infusions were initiated for empiric treatment of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis and gastrointestinal bleed (both later excluded). A glucagon infusion was started for suspected propranolol overdose. Several hours later, she was diaphoretic and unresponsive, with a heart rate of 30-40 bpm and blood glucose of 30 mg/dL. Dopamine and 10% dextrose infusions were initiated, while octreotide/PPI and glucagon were discontinued, resolving her bradycardia, hypoglycemia, and hypoglycemic symptoms. Follow-up exercise stress test found impaired heart rate response, but she attained an exercise heart rate > 110 bpm. Her sinus bradycardia was likely vagally-mediated in the setting of abdominal pain and nausea, as her resting heart rate improved to 70-90 bpm. Diagnostic evaluation of unexplained hypoglycemia found a normal free insulin (13 uU/mL, ref: 3-25), proinsulin (4.1 pmol/L, ref: ≤ 8), serum free cortisol (0.4 ug/dL, ref: 0.21-1.04), cortisol-binding globulin (2.7 mg/dL, ref: 1.7-3.1), negative sulfonylurea panel, and elevated Cpeptide (6.1 ng/mL, ref: 0.5-3.3). Beta-hydroxybutyrate (BHB) was normal (< 2.1 mg/dL) but obtained after the dextrose infusion was initiated. Discussion: The differential diagnosis of hypoglycemia in patients without diabetes is classified into exogenous and endogenous etiologies. The normal insulin, elevated C-peptide, and negative sulfonylurea panel were inconsistent with exogenous insulin or insulin secretagogue administration. The absence of a prior history of hypoglycemia made endogenous hyperinsulinism (i.e. insulinoma, nesidioblastosis, or insulin autoimmune hypoglycemia) unlikely. BHB levels may be decreased in the setting of elevated insulin levels due to its antiketogenic effect. However, the BHB level was drawn following the dextrose infusion which confounds this finding. Insulin and glucagon are important counterregulatory hormones in glucose homeostasis.1 Though liver disease is associated with altered gluconeogenesis and reduced glycogen stores, hypoglycemia is rare in cirrhosis.2 However, with a progluconeogenic stimulus (i.e, glucagon), patients with impaired gluconeogenesis due to cirrhosis may have an inadequate metabolic response.3-4 This case highlights that glucagon should be used with caution in patients with cirrhosis to avoid severe hypoglycemia.
Synergistic Effects of Maternal Diabetes and HIF-1α Dysregulation on Embryonic Development of Cardiac Sympathetic Innervation; Introduction: Maternal diabetes during embryonic development has been associated with adverse health outcomes, including an increased risk of obesity, metabolic dysfunction, and cardiovascular diseases. Cardiac sympathetic innervation plays a critical role in regulating heart function, and any alternation in its development or function may lead to a range of health issues, from sudden infant death syndrome to common adult diseases such as hypertension or heart failure. Methods: In this study, we used a transgenic mouse model with a conditional deletion of Hif1a (Hif1aCKO) in sympathetic neurons, in combination with our established model of maternal diabetes induced by streptozocin. Results: Our preliminary data showed that total sympathetic chain size was significantly smaller in diabetic Hif1aCKO embryos compared to the controls. Hif1aCKO hearts developing under the influence of maternal diabetes showed impaired sympathetic innervation. Diabetic environment effected the branching and thickness of innervation, together with the density of sympathetic neurons. Furthermore, the size of the adrenal gland and the number of chromaffin cells in the adrenal medulla was decreased in diabetic Hif1aCKO embryos. RNA sequencing revealed changes between the transcriptome of sympathetic neurons from mutant and control embryos. Conclusions: Our study indicate that maternal diabetes and Hif1a deficiency have combinatorial effects on the development of the cardiac sympathetic nervous system. Consequently, HIF1a dysregulation may contribute to various sympathetic abnormalities underlying cardiac pathologies, including heart failure and sudden cardiac death. These findings highlight the importance of considering maternal health and genetic factors in the development of adverse cardiac outcomes in offspring.
Lost Gains: The long-term cardiovascular consequences of short-term exercise cessation after gestational diabetes for the maternal heart; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder. After GDM, women have a higher risk of developing non-communicable diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD). Mitochondrial dysfunction is often observed in CVD. Exercise is a recommended non-pharmacological strategy to improve GDM's metabolic imbalance. However, the maternal long-term cardiac consequences of GDM exercise regimens cessation after pregnancy are yet to unfold. We aimed to identify the cardiac alterations induced by exercise exclusively during GDM-pregnancy that prevailed eight weeks after exercise cessation. Methods: Sprague-Dawley females were fed a control (C) or high-fat-high-sugar (HFHS) diet starting 7 weeks pre-gestation to induce GDM and subjected either to a sedentary (S) or exercise (Ex) behaviour during pregnancy (n ≥ 6 /group). Oral glucose tolerance tests and gestational weight gain (GWG) were evaluated. Eight weeks after delivery and exercise cessation, plasma parameters and isolated cardiac mitochondria were analysed, and cardiac tissue evaluated through histology, immunoblotting, and enzymatic activities. T-tests were used with p < 0.05 considered statistically significant. Results: The GDM impaired glucose homeostasis during gestation, but exercise prevented the HFHS-diet-induced GWG by 30%. GDM increased plasma insulin-like growth factor-1 levels (p < 0.05 GDM-S; p < 0.0001 GDM-Ex), while exercise decreased adiponectin levels. GDM-Ex hearts had decreased inflammatory cytokines levels (TNFα, IL-6) in the cardiac tissue, despite slightly increased perivascular collagen deposition. However, GDM-cardiac mitochondria exhibited longer ADP phosphorylation depolarization lag phase (p < 0.05 GDM-S; p < 0.01 GDM-Ex) and decreased respiratory control ratio using complex-I substrates. GDM-Ex showed declined glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase activity in the cardiac tissue and reduced mitochondrial ATP levels. Conclusions: Exercise performed exclusively during GDM and subsequent eight-week exercise cessation can result in potentially beneficial adaptations in the maternal organism. However, the morphological and molecular analyses, especially regarding energy metabolism, highlight the need for personalized and adapted exercise recommendations during GDM to prevent long-term cardiac consequences.
Epicardial fat thickness in infants of diabetic mothers; Background and Aim: In adults and children epicardial fat thickness (EFT) has been related to metabolic syndrome and other cardiovascular risks factors. This study compares the epicardial fat thickness (EFT) between infants of diabetic mother(IDM) and infants of non-diabetic mother(INDM) and its assotiation with other echocardiographic parameters. Method: A cross sectional study was perfomed in 64 IDM and 29 INDM (93 in total). In both groups an echocardiogram was performed within the first 24h of extrauterine life, for the purpose of measuring the EFT dimensions Results: The EFT (3.6 vs. 2.5 mm, p < 0.0001), the interventricular septum thickness (IVST) (6.2 vs. 5.2 mm, p < 0.0001) and the IVST/left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) (1.3 vs. 1.1, p = 0.001) were higher in the IDM; while the left ventricular ejection fraction [LVFE] (71.1 vs. 77.8; p < 0.0001) was lower than in the INDM, respectively. There was a positive correlation between EFT with (IVST) (r = 0.577; p = 0.0001), left ventricule posterior wall (LVPW) (r = 0.262; p = 0.011), IVST/LVPW index (r = 0.353; p = 0.001), and a negative correlation with LVFE was observed (r =-0.376; p = 0.0001). Conclusions: IDM presented higher EFT than INDM. This was positively related with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular thickness and negatively related with left ventricular ejection function.
Impact of maternal gestational diabetes on fetal perinatal cardiac adaptation and cardiovascular health outcomes in offspring; Background and Aim: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with fetal hypersinsulinemia, increased metabolic rate, erythropoietin level and hypoxaemia. GDM increases fetal cardiac remodeling and myocardial dysfunction that could potentially predispose to cardiovascular disease in offspring. Our study aimed to investigate fetal perinatal cardiac adaptation and cardiovascular outcomes in offspring of GDM pregnancies. Method: Prospective follow up study of 37 normal control and 24 GDM pregnancies assessed as fetuses (mean age 37±1 weeks) and again in infancy (mean age 8±2 months). Conventional echocardiography techniques, tissue Doppler imaging and speckle tracking echocardiography were applied for assessment of left (LV) and right ventricular (RV) geometry and function. Echocardiographic indices were normalised by ventricular size adjusting for differences in body weight between groups. Results: Compared to controls, term fetuses from GDM pregnancies demonstrated significant alterations in cardiac geometry with more globular RV chamber (RV sphericity index, 0.66 vs 0.60), thickened LV (4.0 vs 3.07mm) and RV (4.1 vs 3.1mm) walls and IVS (3.9 vs 3.1mm). GDM fetuses also had increased biventricular global longitudinal systolic contractility (MAPSE, 0.29 vs 0.26mm; TAPSE, 0.46 vs 0.37mm), impaired diastolic function (IVS E', 0.20 vs 0.16cm/s; LV torsion, 5.89 vs 3.45deg/cm) and elevated biventricular cardiac output (LV CO, 247 vs 219ml/min/kg; RV CO, 330 vs 264ml/min/kg; p<0.01 for all). Although geometrical changes normalised in maternal GDM offspring, there were persistently increased MAPSE (0.30 vs 0.27mm), SAPSE (0.29 vs 0.24mm), IVS late diastolic velocity A' (0.26 vs 0.21cm/s) and altered myocardial deformation (basal radial strain, 29 vs 19%; apical radial strain, 31 vs 39%). Conclusions: Perinatal cardiac remodeling and myocardial dysfunction in term fetuses of GDM pregnancies most likely reflect a response to the adverse hyperglycemic intrauterine environment. Evidence of persistent alterations in ventricular geometry and function could indicate a predisposition to cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring of diabetic mothers in future life.
Patency of neonatally identified interatrial communications in young children; Background and Aim: Atrial septal defect (ASD) of the secundum type is one of the most common congenital heart defects. In newborns, it is challenging to distinguish ASDs from normal physiological interatrial communications (IACs) within the oval fossa, i.e. patency of the oval foramen (PFO). On this basis, we recently developed an algorithm for classification of neonatal IACs identified by transthoracic echocardiography. According to the algorithm, an IAC are defined as an ASD if the defect are ≥4 mm, has a location in the inferior part of the septum or if multiple communications are present. In this study, we investigate the patency of neonatally identified IACs categorized by the algorithm as ASDs or PFOs in young children. Method: Children participating in the Copenhagen Baby Heart Study, who had an IAC detected during the first 30 days after birth, are included for a follow-up echocardiogram at 4-5 years of age. We aim to include 600 chidren with a neonatally identified IAC categorized as PFO and 600 categorized as ASD according to the algorithm. We exclude children with other types of congenital heart disease, twins, children born prematurely or small for gestestional age, and children exposed to maternal diabetes or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. The follow-up echocardiograms are assessed for patency of an IAC by a single operator blinded to the neonatal IAC subtype. A patent IAC are defined as the presence of a color Doppler flow crossing the atrial septum in combination with either a visual defect on the transsectional image or flow acceleration in the color Doppler signal. Results: Data collection is ongoing. Currently, 152 children (median age 4.7 [interquartile range 4.5-5.0] years, 63% female) have been examined. Neonatally, the IACs were classified as ASDs in 57 newborns and PFOs in 95 newborns. The followup echocardiograms showed patency of the IAC in 17 of the children with an ASD (30%) and 13 of the children with PFO (14%), (p = 0.015 for difference). Conclusions: These preliminary findings show a significantly higher patency of neonatal ASDs versus neonatal PFOs in children examined at 4-5 years of age. This supports the value of the novel diagnostic algorithm.
Echocardiographic normative reference intervals for left ventricular parameters in 13, 454 infants-a copenhagen baby heart study; Background and Aim: Reference intervals are required to distinguish between normal and pathological structural and functional cardiac variation. Left ventricular parameters are particularly important in the diagnostic work-up of infants suspected of congenital heart diseases and are also predictors of clinical outcome. However, data from healthy infants are limited, and current reference intervals provide an inadequate approximation of normal reference ranges. The aim of the present study was to develop neonatal normative reference intervals and Z-scores for echocardiographic measurements of left ventricular structure and function based on a large group of healthy newborns. Method: The study population included 13, 454 healthy infants from the Copenhagen Baby Heart Study (CBHS) who were born at term (37 to 42 completed weeks' gestation) to healthy mothers (excluding mothers with maternal pre-gestational or gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, systemic connective tissue disorders, neurological disorders, psychiatric disorders, kidney disease, congenital heart disease), had an echocardiogram performed within 30 days of birth, and did not have congenital heart disease at CBHS examination (excluding children with septal defects, valve disease, conotruncal defect, other). We developed nomograms for ten left ventricular parameters by modelling these measures as a function of body surface area through joint modelling of the mean, standard deviation, skewness and kurtosis. We then evaluated the impact of infant sex and age at echocardiography on model fit. Results: Infants in the study population (48.5% females) had a median body surface area of 0.23 m2 (interquartile range 0.22-0.25 m2) and a median age of 12.0 days (interquartile range 8.0-15.0 days) at examination. All normative reference intervals performed well in both sexes without stratification on infant sex. In contrast, creation of separate reference models for infants examined <7 days of age and those examined at 7-30 days of age was necessary to optimize reference intervals performance. Conclusions: This study provides normative reference intervals and Z-scores for ten clinically widely used echocardiographic measures of left ventricular structure and function based on a large cohort of newborns. These results provide highly needed reference material for clinical application by paediatric cardiologists serving newborn populations.
Maternal pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes and the risk of bicuspid aortic valve in the offspring; Background and Aim: Approximately 6% of all pregnancies in Denmark are affected by maternal pre-existing or gestational diabetes, well-known risk factors for congenital heart defects. Bicuspid aortic valve is one of the most common congenital heart defects. Most bicuspid aortic valve cases are sporadic. While previous studies have demonstrated a strong genetic component, a monogenic inheritance does not explain all cases and a multifactorial aetiology has been proposed. Maternal diabetes increases the risk of structural heart disease in the offspring but the association between maternal diabetes and the risk of bicuspid aortic valve in the offspring has been sparsely investigated. The purpose of the present study is to assess the prevalence of bicuspid aortic valve in children born to mothers with pre-existing or gestational diabetes, with systematic transthoracic echocardiography (TTE), in a large, population-based cohort of neonates, and compare with children born to mothers without diabetes. Method: Systematic, standardized TTE was performed in over 25.000 neonates included in a population-based cohort study between 2016 and 2018, the Copenhagen Baby Heart Study. Currently a continued inclusion of neonates of mothers with pre-existing or gestational diabetes is ongoing to increase the exposed group of neonates. Information about maternal pre-existing and gestational diabetes is collected from review of the mother's medical records and from an Obstetrical Database maintained by the participating hospitals. The exposed neonates will be compared with controls, neonates in the cohort not exposed to maternal diabetes. Results: The collection of data is still ongoing, but preliminary results are expected during the spring of 2023. Conclusions: We expect the results of this study to increase our knowledge of the effects of maternal pre-existing and gestational diabetes on the offspring's risk of bicuspid aortic valve. Both negative and positive results will be of importance since it can help clinicians in their guidance of women and their pregnancies. Depending on the results of this study, echocardiographic screening of infants born to mothers with diabetes may be indicated.
The nest study: Nicom vs echo in the screening of transient hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCUM); Background and Aim: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder of pregnancy. An increasing number of infants are exposed to hyperglycaemia antenatally, with the national prevalence estimated at 10.1-12.4%. Transient HOCUM and interatrial/interventricular communications remain the most common cardiac sequelae for such infants. In particular, transient HOCUM has an estimated global incidence of 13-44%. We aimed to determine if NICOM (non-invasive cardiac output monitoring) technology could be used as an alternative screening tool to echocardiography in detecting transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HOCUM) in infants born to mothers with GDM. Method: A single-centre prospective observational cohort study was conducted. All infants were recruited in the postnatal period prior to the routine newborn baby check assessment. Fifty infants underwent echocardiography, while 29/50 were paired with a NICOM assessment. A sample size of 29 patients was required to detect a significant correlation (Cohen's r = 0.5) between both variables, with a power of 80%. Results: 4/46 patients (8.7%) were noted to have a z-score of >2 for both the interventricular septal wall thickness and left posterior ventricular wall in diastole, consistent with a diagnosis of transient HOCUM. 26 out of 46 infants born to mothers with diabetes had significant thickening (Z-score >2) of either the interventricular septum or the left ventricular posterior wall. The incidence of transientHOCUMwas not associated with the degree of maternal glycaemic control, maternal BMI or the method of diabetes management (all P > 0.05). NICOM was not significantly correlated with ECHO LVO values (r(25) = 0.2, p =-0.31) or Bland Altman analysis. Conclusions: Our cohort's incidence of transient HOCUM was lower than in previous studies, 8.7% versus 13-44%. NICOM is not an effective screening tool for transient HOCUM based on a poor Pearson correlation and the broad limits of agreement found with the Bland Altman plot. Infants born to mothers with GDM would not benefit from routine echocardiography screening beyond the current standard of care. This is because all cases of clinically relevant congenital heart disease would have been detected with the current standard of care-newborn bedside examination followed by targeted ECHO as clinically indicated.
A 36-week new-born baby with calcified thrombus in ductus aneurism extending to LPA; Background and Aim:We present a case of a 36-week-old baby who was diagnosed with LPA thrombus and Ductal thrombus on 5th day of life. The baby was born from first uneventful IVF pregnancy. There was no maternal diabetes, no infection, no clotting disorder. Method: Noted restricted growth and delivery was induced. Delivered in good condition at 36 weeks via emergency CS for foetal bradycardia with birth weight of 2.4 kg. At 12 h of age had low blood sugar and was screened for infection. Chest XR raised concerns about boot shaped heart and local echo found suspicion of LPA thrombus. The baby was started on enoxaparin and transferred to our centre. Further imaging-echocardiogram, CT and MRI demonstrated calcified thrombus in ductal aneurism extending to LPA. The left pulmonary artery was compressed but flow void could be seen. Results: After starting enoxaparin, the flow in LPA seemed to improve. The case was discussed at JCC, and the decision was to continue conservative treatment with enoxaparin as the baby was haemodynamically stable. The patient was discharged home on enoxaparin treatment for 6 months. Investigations: Coagulation screen:Anti-thrombin activity 38.3 (normal range 39-93) Free protein S and protein C-normal Lupus anti-coagulant screen-insufficient Factor 5 Leiden and prothrombin-pending Lipoprotein A-pending Factor 10A-0.71 ECG, CT MRI-confirming thrombus in Ductus arteriosus aneurism extending to LPA. Arthropathy and connective tissue genes panel pending. Conclusions: Neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurism is a rare entity. It can be incidental finding, but it can also lead to complications like thrombosis, infection, aneurism rupture, infection, or compression of nearby structures (1). The possible risk factors for neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurism and clotting are genetic syndromes, elastin tissue disorders, clotting disorders (1). Our patient has a large ductus arteriosus aneurism with a calcified thrombus in it and the decision was for conservative anticoagulation treatment.
Hypertrophy of the heart in an infant; Background and Aim: Myocardial hypertrophy is a heterogeneous group of diseases. In the group of newborns and infants, cardiomyopathy, congenital heart defects, gestational diabetes, arterial hypertension and metabolic diseases should be taken into account. Method: This case report presents a 9-month-old infant with a severe hypertrophy of the left ventricles. Results: A male infant, born from pregnancy III complicated by arterial hypertension, delivery I, by caesarean section at 38 hbd with a body weight of 3500 g with 10 points on the Apgar scale. At 5 weeks old the patient got urinary tract and COVID-19 infections. During hospitalization at the 3 months old, because of urosepsis, a chest X-ray showed an enlarged cardiac silhouette. The diagnostics was extended with echocardiography and generalized hypertrophy of the myocardium was found, especially of the left ventricle, without narrowing the outflow tract of the left ventricle. ECG showed generalized hypertrophy of both ventricles. Proteinuria was found in the urinalysis. Because of that propranolol was used in the treatment. Initially, blood pressure (RR) was 90-100/40-65mmHg. Differential diagnosis was performed. During observation, elevatedRRvalues of 137-144/88-112mmHg were measured, and further antihypertensive drugs were added to the treatment. Complex ventricular arrhythmia was recorded on the 24-hours ECG. Despite the normal Doppler USG result in the neonatal period, the examination was repeated and the tardus-parvus spectrum was recorded of the right kidney. In angioCT of the kidneys, bilateral critical stenosis of the kidneys arteries was found, as well as anomalies of the blood supply to the lower poles of the kidneys. The boy was transferred to the Department of Nephrology, Children'sMemorialHealth Institute, where kidney scintigraphy was performed, antihypertensive treatment was modified, resulting in normalization of blood pressure values. Due to the size of the vessels and renal vascular anomaly, the patient was disqualified from surgical treatment Conclusions: Renal vascular hypertension can cause significant myocardial hypertrophy and, as a result, further complications may occur. There is a chance that hypertrophy of the heart will decrease when the normal range of blood pressure will be maintained. The impact of viral and bacterial infections on renal vascular endothelial damage is not fully understood.
Predictors and risk factors of short-term and long-term outcomes among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring: Moving toward precision prognosis?; As part of the American Diabetes Association Precision Medicine in Diabetes Initiative (PMDI) – a partnership with the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) – this systematic review is part of a comprehensive evidence evaluation in support of the 2nd International Consensus Report on Precision Diabetes Medicine. Here, we sought to synthesize evidence from empirical research papers published through September 1st, 2021 to evaluate and identify prognostic conditions, risk factors, and biomarkers among women and children affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), focusing on clinical endpoints of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D) among women with a history of GDM; and adiposity and cardiometabolic profile among offspring exposed to GDM in utero. We identified a total of 107 observational studies and 12 randomized controlled trials testing the effect of pharmaceutical and/or lifestyle interventions. Broadly, current literature indicates that greater GDM severity, higher maternal body mass index, belonging to racial/ethnic minority group; and unhealthy lifestyle behaviors would predict a woman’s risk of incident T2D and CVD, and an unfavorable cardiometabolic profile among offspring. However, the level of evidence is low (Level 4 according to the Diabetes Canada 2018 Clinical Practice Guidelines for diabetes prognosis) largely because most studies leveraged retrospective data from large registries that are vulnerable to residual confounding and reverse causation bias; and prospective cohort studies that may suffer selection and attrition bias. Moreover, for the offspring outcomes, we identified a relatively small body of literature on prognostic factors indicative of future adiposity and cardiometabolic risk. Future high-quality prospective cohort studies in diverse populations with granular data collection on prognostic factors, clinical and subclinical outcomes, high fidelity of follow-up, and appropriate analytical approaches to deal with structural biases are warranted.
Brain responses to food viewing in women during pregnancy and post partum and their relationship with metabolic health: Study protocol for the FOODY Brain Study, a prospective observational study; Introduction Food cravings are common in pregnancy and along with emotional eating and eating in the absence of hunger, they are associated with excessive weight gain and adverse effects on metabolic health including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Women with GDM also show poorer mental health, which further can contribute to dysregulated eating behaviour. Food cravings can lead to greater activity in brain centres known to be involved in food 'wanting' and reward valuation as well as emotional eating. They are also related to gestational weight gain. Thus, there is a great need to link implicit brain responses to food with explicit measures of food intake behaviour, especially in the perinatal period. The aim of this study is to investigate the spatiotemporal brain dynamics to visual presentations of food in women during pregnancy and in the post partum, and link these brain responses to the eating behaviour and metabolic health outcomes in women with and without GDM. Methods and analysis This prospective observational study will include 20 women with and 20 without GDM, that have valid data for the primary outcomes. Data will be assessed at 24-36 weeks gestational age and at 6 months post partum. The primary outcomes are brain responses to food pictures of varying carbohydrate and fat content during pregnancy and in the post partum using electroencephalography. Secondary outcomes including depressive symptoms, current mood and eating behaviours will be assessed with questionnaires, objective eating behaviours will be measured using Auracle and stress will be measured with heart rate and heart rate variability (Actiheart). Other secondary outcome measures include body composition and glycaemic control parameters. Ethics and dissemination The Human Research Ethics Committee of the Canton de Vaud approved the study protocol (2021-01976). Study results will be presented at public and scientific conferences and in peer-reviewed journals.
Maternal diabetes as a teratogenic factor for congenital heart defects in infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are shown to have an association with maternal diabetes mellitus. The Bahraini population has a high prevalence of diabetes 16.3% thus putting it at increased risk of developing CHDs in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Objective: Describing the prevalence of CHDs in IDM in the Kingdom of Bahrain. Design: A retrospective clinical study. Setting: Bahrain Defense Force Hospital, Kingdom of Bahrain. Methods: The study took place from January 1998 to January 2020. A history was recorded for all patients who were referred to the only tertiary cardiac center in Bahrain for echocardiography. Data was recorded on an Excel Sheet for analysis. A cardiac anatomy survey was conducted by an experienced pediatric cardiologist for each patient and the defects were categorized into acyanotic and cyanotic lesions. Results: Five thousand five hundred sixty-nine patients were referred for cardiac echocardiography. Three thousand two hundred fifty-six patients were diagnosed with CHDs, 2,987 were non-IDM whereas 269 were IDM. Patients diagnosed with non-structural defects were excluded. Atrial septal defect (ASD) was identified in 744 patients and was more likely to occur in non-IDM (p-value =.005). Hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy (HOCM) was identified in 35 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value <.001). Transposition of the great arteries (TGAs) was identified in 80 patients and was more likely to occur in IDM (p-value.002). Double inlet left ventricle (DILV), Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome (HPLHS), and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts were all more likely to occur in IDM with p-values <.05. Conclusion: This study showed significant association between fetal exposure to diabetes and the development of ASD, HOCM, TGA, DILV, HPLHS, and Other Uni-Ventricular Hearts.
Diagnosis and Management of Prediabetes: A Review; Importance: Prediabetes, an intermediate stage between normal glucose regulation and diabetes, affects 1 in 3 adults in the US and approximately 720 million individuals worldwide. Observations: Prediabetes is defined by a fasting glucose level of 100 to 125 mg/dL, a glucose level of 140 to 199 mg/dL measured 2 hours after a 75-g oral glucose load, or glycated hemoglobin level (HbA1C) of 5.7% to 6.4% or 6.0% to 6.4%. In the US, approximately 10% of people with prediabetes progress to having diabetes each year. A meta-analysis found that prediabetes at baseline was associated with increased mortality and increased cardiovascular event rates (excess absolute risk, 7.36 per 10000 person-years for mortality and 8.75 per 10000 person-years for cardiovascular disease during 6.6 years). Intensive lifestyle modification, consisting of calorie restriction, increased physical activity (≥150 min/wk), self-monitoring, and motivational support, decreased the incidence of diabetes by 6.2 cases per 100 person-years during a 3-year period. Metformin decreased the risk of diabetes among individuals with prediabetes by 3.2 cases per 100 person-years during 3 years. Metformin is most effective for women with prior gestational diabetes and for individuals younger than 60 years with body mass index of 35 or greater, fasting plasma glucose level of 110 mg/dL or higher, or HbA1clevel of 6.0% or higher. Conclusions and Relevance: Prediabetes is associated with increased risk of diabetes, cardiovascular events, and mortality. First-line therapy for prediabetes is lifestyle modification that includes weight loss and exercise or metformin. Lifestyle modification is associated with a larger benefit than metformin..
Impaired Maternal-Fetal Environment and Risk for Preoperative Focal White Matter Injury in Neonates With Complex Congenital Heart Disease; BACKGROUND: Infants with congenital heart disease (CHD) are at risk for white matter injury (WMI) before neonatal heart sur-gery. Better knowledge of the causes of preoperative WMI may provide insights into interventions that improve neurodevel-opmental outcomes in these patients. METHODS AND RESULTS: A prospective single-center study of preoperative WMI in neonates with CHD recorded data on primary cardiac diagnosis, maternal-fetal environment (MFE), delivery type, subject anthropometrics, and preoperative care. Total maturation score and WMI were assessed, and stepwise logistic regression modeling selected risk factors for WMI. Among subjects with severe CHD (n=183) who received a preoperative brain magnetic resonance imaging, WMI occurred in 40 (21.9%) patients. WMI prevalence (21.4%–22.1%) and mean volumes (119.7–160.4 mm3) were similar across CHD diagnoses. Stepwise logistic regression selected impaired MFE (odds ratio [OR], 2.85 [95% CI, 1.29– 6.30]), male sex (OR, 2.27 [95% CI, 1.03– 5.36]), and older age at surgery/magnetic resonance imaging (OR, 1.20 per day [95% CI, 1.03–1.41]) as risk factors for preoperative WMI and higher total maturation score values (OR, 0.65 per unit increase [95% CI, 0.43– 0.95]) as protective. A quarter (24.6%; n=45) of subjects had ≥1 components of impaired MFE (gestational diabetes [n=12; 6.6%], gestational hypertension [n=11; 6.0%], preec-lampsia [n=2; 1.1%], tobacco use [n=9; 4.9%], hypothyroidism [n=6; 3.3%], and other [n=16; 8.7%]). In a subset of 138 subjects, an exploratory analysis of additional MFE-related factors disclosed other potential risk factors for WMI. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to identify impaired MFE as an important risk factor for preoperative WMI. Vulnerability to preoperative WMI was shared across CHD diagnoses.
Prepregnancy Migraine, Migraine Phenotype, and Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Background and ObjectiveMigraine is a highly prevalent neurovascular disorder among reproductive-Aged women. Whether migraine history and migraine phenotype might serve as clinically useful markers of obstetric risk is not clear. The primary objective of this study was to examine associations of prepregnancy migraine and migraine phenotype with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes.MethodsWe estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed migraine and migraine phenotype with adverse pregnancy outcomes in the prospective Nurses' Health Study II (1989-2009). Log-binomial and log-Poisson models with generalized estimating equations were used to estimate relative risks (RRs) and 95% CIs for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and low birthweight.ResultsThe analysis included 30,555 incident pregnancies after cohort enrollment among 19,694 participants without a history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, or cancer. After adjusting for age, adiposity, and other health and behavioral factors, prepregnancy migraine (11%) was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR = 1.28; 95% CI = 1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR = 1.40; 95% CI = 1.19-1.65) compared with no migraine. Migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR = 0.99; 95% CI = 0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR = 1.05; 95% CI = 0.91-1.22). Risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among participants with migraine with aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.22-1.88) than migraine without aura (RR vs no migraine = 1.30; 95% CI = 1.04-1.61; p-heterogeneity = 0.32), whereas other outcomes were similar by migraine phenotype. Participants with migraine who reported regular prepregnancy aspirin use had lower risks of preterm delivery (<2×/week RR = 1.24; 95% CI = 1.11-1.38; ≥2×/week RR = 0.55; 95% CI = 0.35-0.86; p-interaction < 0.01) and preeclampsia (<2×/week RR = 1.48; 95% CI = 1.25-1.75; ≥2×/week RR = 1.10; 95% CI = 0.62-1.96; p-interaction = 0.39); however, power for these stratified analyses was limited.DiscussionMigraine history, and to a lesser extent migraine phenotype, appear to be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management. Future research should determine whether aspirin prophylaxis may be beneficial for preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant individuals with a history of migraine.
Neuropathological report of propionic acidemia; Propionic acidemia (PA) is an autosomal recessive inheritable metabolic disease caused by mutations in the propionyl CoA carboxylase gene (PCC) that affects multiple systems of the human body. Here, we report neuropathological findings of a PA patient. The patient was a male infant who presented with increasing lethargy and poor feeding from four days postpartum. He gradually became comatose and died from complications after liver transplantation at three months old. The results of laboratory examination were consistent with PA, and genetic analysis revealed compound heterozygous mutations in the gene for PCC subunit beta: c.838dupC (rs769968548) and c.1127G>T (rs142982097). Brain-restricted autopsy was performed 23 h after his death, and the neuropathological examination revealed distinct astrocytosis, oligodendrocytic loss, neuronal loss, and demyelination across the brainstem, motor cortex, basal ganglia, and thalamus. Spongiosis, vacuolization, and the appearance of Alzheimer type II astrocytes and activated microglia were observed as well. This is the first brain autopsy report of PA with a clear genetic cause.
Metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease as a risk factor for adverse outcomes in subsequent pregnancy: a nationwide cohort study; Background and purpose: A recent international expert consensus opinion suggested that metabolic dysfunction-associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD) replaces nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), since MAFLD is a better predictor of cardiovascular disease. We estimated the prevalence of FLD in fertile females and evaluated the clinical impact of either NAFLD or MAFLD on maternal and fetal outcomes during subsequent pregnancy. Methods: The study population included fertile females who underwent health examinations and became pregnant within 1 year of health examination. Hepatic steatosis was defined as a fatty liver index of ≥ 30. The fertile females were divided into four groups: neither-FLD, NAFLD-only, MAFLD-only, and both-FLDs. During subsequent pregnancy, the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes, pregnancy-associated hypertension, preterm birth, and low birthweight, were compared among the four groups. Results: The study population comprised 762,401 females, including 720,606 with neither-FLD, 318 with NAFLD-only, 14,371 with MAFLD-only, and 27,106 with both-FLDs. Compared to females with neither-FLD, the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes was higher in females with any FLD, with an adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI 1.25–2.41) in the NALFD-only group, 2.65 (2.53–2.77) in the MAFLD-only group, and 2.39 (2.31–2.48) in the both-FLDs group. Pregnancy outcomes (cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, and low birthweight) were worse in females with MAFLD compared with NAFLD. Conclusion: Any form of FLD is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. These data suggest that MAFLD is associated with a higher risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes for both mother and fetus than NAFLD.
Fetal heart rate responses to maternal sleep-disordered breathing; Background: Maternal sleep-disordered breathing is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and is considered to be deleterious to the developing fetus. Maternal obesity potentiates sleep-disordered breathing, which, in turn, may contribute to the effect of maternal obesity on adverse fetal outcomes. However, only a few empirical studies have evaluated the contemporaneous effects of maternal sleep-disordered breathing events on fetal well-being. These events include apnea and hypopnea with accompanying desaturations in oxyhemoglobin. Objective: This study aimed to reconcile contradictory findings on the associations between maternal apnea or hypopnea events and clinical indicators of fetal compromise. It also sought to broaden the knowledge base by examining the fetal heart rate and heart rate variability before, during, and after episodes of maternal apnea or hypopnea. To accomplish this, we employed overnight polysomnography, the gold standard for ascertaining maternal sleep-disordered breathing, and synchronized it with continuous fetal electrocardiography. Study Design: A total of 84 pregnant women with obesity (body mass index >30 kg/m2) participated in laboratory-based polysomnography with digitized fetal electrocardiography recordings during or near 36 weeks of gestation. Sleep was recorded, on average, for 7 hours. Decelerations in fetal heart rate were identified. Fetal heart rate and heart rate variability were quantified before, during, and after each apnea or hypopnea event. Event-level intensity (desaturation magnitude, duration, and nadir O2 saturation level) and person-level characteristics based on the full overnight recording (apnea-hypopnea index, mean O2 saturation, and O2 saturation variability) were analyzed as potential moderators using linear mixed effects models. Results: A total of 2936 sleep-disordered breathing events were identified, distributed among all but 2 participants. On average, participants exhibited 8.7 episodes of apnea or hypopnea per hour (mean desaturation duration, 19.1 seconds; mean O2 saturation nadir, 86.6% per episode); nearly half (n=39) of the participants met the criteria for obstructive sleep apnea. Only 45 of 2936 apnea or hypopnea events were followed by decelerations (1.5%). Conversely, most (n=333, 88%) of the 378 observed decelerations, including the prolonged ones, did not follow an apnea or a hypopnea event. Maternal sleep-disordered breathing burden, body mass index, and fetal sex were unrelated to the number of decelerations. Fetal heart rate variability increased during events of maternal apnea or hypopnea but returned to initial levels soon thereafter. There was a dose-response association between the size of the increase in fetal heart rate variability and the maternal apnea-hypopnea index, event duration, and desaturation depth. Longer desaturations were associated with a decreased likelihood of the variability returning to baseline levels after the event. The mean fetal heart rate did not change during episodes of maternal apnea or hypopnea. Conclusion: Episodes of maternal sleep apnea and hypopnea did not evoke decelerations in the fetal heart rate despite the predisposing risk factors that accompany maternal obesity. The significance of the modest transitory increase in fetal heart rate variability in response to apnea and hypopnea episodes is not clear but may reflect compensatory, delimited autonomic responses to momentarily adverse conditions. This study found no evidence that episodes of maternal sleep-disordered breathing pose an immediate threat, as reflected in fetal heart rate responses, to the near-term fetus.
Platelets and endothelial dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased in recent years, along with the higher prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age. GDM is a pathology associated with vascular dysfunction in the fetoplacental unit. GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction alters the transfer of nutrients to the foetus affecting newborns and pregnant women. Various mechanisms for this vascular dysfunction have been proposed, of which the most studied are metabolic alterations of the vascular endothelium. However, different cell types are involved in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction, including platelets. Platelets are small, enucleated cell fragments that actively take part in blood haemostasis and thrombus formation. Thus, they play crucial roles in pathologies coursing with endothelial dysfunction, such as atherosclerosis, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes mellitus. Nevertheless, platelet function in GDM is understudied. Several reports show a potential relationship between platelet volume and mass with GDM; however, platelet roles and signaling mechanisms in GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction are unclear. This review summarizes the reported findings and proposes a link among altered amount, volume, mass, reactivity, and function of platelets and placenta development, resulting in fetoplacental vascular dysfunction in GDM.
Aspirin for the Prevention of Early and Severe Pre-Eclampsia Recurrence: A Real-World Population-Based Study; Background: Many clinical trials have reported that low-dose aspirin decreases the risk of pre-eclampsia in women with prior pre-eclampsia. However, its impact in a real-world population has not been fully assessed. Objectives: To assess the rates of low-dose aspirin initiation during pregnancy in women with a history of pre-eclampsia, and to evaluate the impact of low-dose aspirin in prevention of pre-eclampsia recurrence in a real-world population. Study Design: CONCEPTION is a French nationwide cohort study which uses data from the country’s National Health Data System database. We included all women in France who gave birth at least twice between 2010–2018, and who had pre-eclampsia during their first pregnancy. Every dispensing of low-dose aspirin (75–300 mg) between the beginning of their second pregnancy and 36 weeks of gestation (WG) was identified. We used Poisson regression models to estimate the adjusted incidence rate ratios (aIRRs) of receiving aspirin at least once during their second pregnancy. In women who had early and/or severe pre-eclampsia during their first pregnancy, we estimated the IRRs of pre-eclampsia recurrence during their second pregnancy according to the aspirin therapy. Results: In 28,467 women who were included in the study, the aspirin initiation rate during the second pregnancy ranged from 27.8% for women in whose first pregnancy the pre-eclampsia was mild and late, to 79.9% for those women whose pre-eclampsia was severe and early. Just over half (54.3%) of those treated with aspirin-initiated treatment before 16 WG and adhered to treatment. Compared with women with mild and late pre-eclampsia, the aIRRs (95% CI) for receiving aspirin at least once during the second pregnancy were 1.94 (1.86–2.03) for women with severe and late pre-eclampsia, 2.34 (2.17–2.52) for those with early and mild pre-eclampsia, and 2.87 [2.74–3.01] for those with early and severe pre-eclampsia E. Social deprivation was associated with a lower initiation of aspirin (IRR = 0.74 [0.70–0.78]). Aspirin was not associated with a lower risk of mild and late pre-eclampsia, severe and late pre-eclampsia, or mild and early pre-eclampsia during the second pregnancy. The aIRRs for severe and early pre-eclampsia during the second pregnancy were 0.77 (0.62–0.95) for women who received prescribed aspirin at least once, 0.71 (0.5–0.89) for those who initiated aspirin therapy before 16 WG, and 0.60 (0.47–0.77) for those who adhered to aspirin treatment throughout their second pregnancy. The risk of severe and early pre-eclampsia was lower only when the prescribed mean daily dose was ≥ 100 mg/day. Conclusion: In women with a history of pre-eclampsia, aspirin initiation during a second pregnancy and adherence to the prescribed dosage were largely insufficient, especially for women experiencing social deprivation. Aspirin initiated before 16 WG at a dose ≥ 100 mg/day was associated with a lower risk of severe and early pre-eclampsia.
Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine Special Statement: Quality metric on the rate of postpartum diabetes screening after pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus; As many as 1 in 3 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus have impaired glucose metabolism when screened postpartum. These patients have a 40% to 70% lifetime risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus, but progression can be delayed or prevented by lifestyle interventions or medication. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Diabetes Association recommend a glucose tolerance test at 4 to 12 weeks postpartum for all patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite these recommendations, postpartum screening rates are typically <50%, representing a major healthcare “quality gap.” The Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine proposes a uniform metric that identifies the percentage of persons with gestational diabetes mellitus who completed a 75-g, 2-hour glucose tolerance test within 12 weeks after delivery. The metric is designed to be measured using diagnosis and procedure codes in payor claims data. Barriers to screening are discussed. Possible uses of the metric for quality improvement projects are outlined. Increasing the rate of postpartum diabetes screening should facilitate timely referral to implement lifestyle modifications, medication, and long-term follow-up. Use of the metric in financial incentive programs is discouraged at this time.
Genetics and Epigenetics: Implications for the Life Course of Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is one of the most common complications of pregnancy, affecting as many as one in six pregnancies. It is associated with both short- and long-term adverse outcomes for the mother and fetus and has important implications for the life course of affected women. Advances in genetics and epigenetics have not only provided new insight into the pathophysiology of GDM but have also provided new approaches to identify women at high risk for progression to postpartum cardiometabolic disease. GDM and type 2 diabetes share similarities in their pathophysiology, suggesting that they also share similarities in their genetic architecture. Candidate gene and genome-wide association studies have identified susceptibility genes that are shared between GDM and type 2 diabetes. Despite these similarities, a much greater effect size for MTNR1B in GDM compared to type 2 diabetes and association of HKDC1, which encodes a hexokinase, with GDM but not type 2 diabetes suggest some differences in the genetic architecture of GDM. Genetic risk scores have shown some efficacy in identifying women with a history of GDM who will progress to type 2 diabetes. The association of epigenetic changes, including DNA methylation and circulating microRNAs, with GDM has also been examined. Targeted and epigenome-wide approaches have been used to identify DNA methylation in circulating blood cells collected during early, mid-, and late pregnancy that is associated with GDM. DNA methylation in early pregnancy had some ability to identify women who progressed to GDM, while DNA methylation in blood collected at 26–30 weeks gestation improved upon the ability of clinical factors alone to identify women at risk for progression to abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum. Finally, circulating microRNAs and long non-coding RNAs that are present in early or mid-pregnancy and associated with GDM have been identified. MicroRNAs have also proven efficacious in predicting both the development of GDM as well as its long-term cardiometabolic complications. Studies performed to date have demonstrated the potential for genetic and epigenetic technologies to impact clinical care, although much remains to be done.
Carbohydrate Intake and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Prospective Studies; The purpose of this study is to understand the conflicting results from previous studies on the association between carbohydrate intake and cardiovascular disease (CVD) by conducting a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the most recent scientific evidence. A systematic review used three electronic databases to gather literature on the association between carbohydrate intake and CVD. Considering the discrepancies, either fixed or random effect models were chosen to determine the effect size, and sensitivity analysis results, as well as publication bias, were also presented. The meta-analysis found that individuals with the highest carbohydrate intake had a 1.15-fold increased risk of CVD compared to those with the lowest intake (hazard ratio, HR: 1.15, 95% confidence interval, CI: 1.07–1.23). Further subgroup analysis revealed that this association was only present in Asia, with a 1.52-fold increased risk (HR: 1.52, 95% CI: 1.17–1.97), while no associations were seen in the Americas, Europe, and Oceania. The relationship between carbohydrate intake and CVD was non-linear, with a marked escalation beyond 60% of total energy from carbohydrates. Our findings suggest that a high-carbohydrate diet may raise the risk of CVD, particularly in Asian populations. This association may be due to the higher carbohydrate consumption and genetic variations found in Asia.
The Role of Copper Intake in the Development and Management of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review; Diabetes mellitus is a worldwide public health issue with numerous complications. Several risk factors are associated with diabetes, mainly due to patients following an unhealthy lifestyle. Copper is a crucial trace element, with various physiological actions. Different intake levels of copper might contribute to diabetes development due to its dual action as both an anti- and pro-oxidant. Aim: Due to the inconclusive findings regarding the relationship between copper consumption and the management of diabetes, we decided to conduct this extensive systematic review. Up to this date, no similar study has been available in the literature. In this review, we used the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis (PRISMA) guidelines. Relevant articles were identified by searching the electronic databases CINAHL, EMBASE and Medline from their respective index dates to September 2022 using keywords such as “Copper Intake” and “Type 2 Diabetes”. Any paper that has investigated copper exposure through supplementation or any other method that indicates copper intake in human subjects with type 2 diabetes and measures at least one of the outcomes of interest related to diabetes was included in this review. This review is comprised of 4 cross-sectional studies, 3 cohort studies, 2 RCTs, and 2 interventional studies. Two cohort studies found positive associations between copper intake and the risk of developing T2DM, while no significant association was found in the third study. Regarding diabetes outcomes in the four cross-sectional studies, two found inverse associations, one found a positive relationship, and one found no significant association. In interventional studies, all studies found a protective effect of copper, including the RCT, while one found no significant association. The results are inconsistent concerning the association between copper consumption and the likelihood of developing diabetes are inconsistent. Individuals should receive an adequate dietary amount of copper that is within the RDA levels (900 µg/day) to avoid copper deficiency or toxicity. Further studies, especially RCTs, are strongly needed to enable researchers to elucidate more robust conclusions regarding this association.
The Association of Specific Dietary Patterns with Cardiometabolic Outcomes in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Scoping Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with a significantly increased risk of later type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Post-natal interventions aim to reduce this risk by addressing diet and lifestyle factors and frequently focus on restricting energy or macronutrient intake. With increased interest in the role of complete dietary patterns in the prevention of cardiometabolic disease, we sought to evaluate what is known about the role of dietary patterns in reducing cardiometabolic risk in women with previous GDM. A systematic search was conducted to identify studies relating to dietary pattern and cardiometabolic parameters in women with a history of GDM. The search criteria returned 6014 individual studies. In total, 71 full texts were reviewed, with 24 studies included in the final review. Eleven individual dietary patterns were identified, with the Alternative Health Eating Index (AHEI), Mediterranean diet (MD), and low glycaemic index (GI) as the most commonly featured dietary patterns. Relevant reported outcomes included incident T2DM and glucose tolerance parameters, as well as several cardiovascular risk factors. Dietary patterns which have previously been extensively demonstrated to reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disorders in the general population, including AHEI, MD, and DASH, were found to be associated with a reduction in the incidence of T2DM, hypertension, and additional risk factors for cardiometabolic disease in women with a history of GDM. Notable gaps in the literature were identified, including the relationship between dietary patterns and incident CVD, as well as the relationship between a low GI diet and the development of T2DM in this population.
Impact of Maternal Weight Gain on the Newborn Metabolome; Pre-pregnancy obesity and excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) appear to affect birth weight and the offspring’s risk of obesity and disease later in life. However, the identification of the mediators of this relationship, could be of clinical interest, taking into account the presence of other confounding factors, such as genetics and other shared influences. The aim of this study was to evaluate the metabolomic profiles of infants at birth (cord blood) and 6 and 12 months after birth to identify offspring metabolites associated with maternal GWG. Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (NMR) metabolic profiles were measured in 154 plasma samples from newborns (82 cord blood samples) and in 46 and 26 of these samples at 6 months and 12 months of age, respectively. The levels of relative abundance of 73 metabolomic parameters were determined in all the samples. We performed univariate and machine-learning analysis of the association between the metabolic levels and maternal weight gain adjusted for mother‘s age, Body Mass Index (BMI), diabetes, diet adherence and infant sex. Overall, our results showed differences, both at the univariate level and in the machine-learning models, between the offspring, according to the tertiles of maternal weight gain. Some of these differences were resolved at 6 and 12 months of age, whereas some others remained. Lactate and leucine were the metabolites with the strongest and longest association with maternal weight gain during pregnancy. Leucine, as well as other significant metabolites, have been associated in the past with metabolic wellness in both general and obese populations. Our results suggest that the metabolic changes associated to excessive GWG are present in children from early life.
Optimizing Blood Glucose Control through the Timing of Exercise in Pregnant Individuals Diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of moderate intensity walking on postprandial blood glucose control for pregnant individuals with (GDM) and without gestational diabetes mellitus (NON-GDM). Using a randomized cross-over design, individuals completed 5 days of exercise (three 10-min walks immediately after eating (SHORT), or one 30-min walk (LONG) outside of 1 h after eating). These protocols were preceded and separated by 2-days of habitual exercise (NORMAL). Individuals were instrumented with a continuous glucose monitor, a physical activity monitor for 14-days, and a heart rate monitor during exercise. Participants completed a physical activity enjoyment scale (PACES) to indicate their protocol preference. The GDM group had higher fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose values compared to NON-GDMs across all conditions (effect of group, p = 0.02; p = 0.02; p = 0.03, respectively). Fasting, 24-h mean, and daily peak glucose were not influenced by the SHORT or LONG exercise (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Blood glucose values were higher among the GDM group for at least 1 h after eating, yet the exercise intervention had no effect on 1 or 2 h postprandial glucose values (effect of intervention, p > 0.05). Physical activity outcomes (wear time, total activity time, and time spent on each intensity) were not different between the groups nor interventions (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05,). There were no differences between the groups or interventions for the PACES score (effect of group, p > 0.05; effect of intervention, p > 0.05). To conclude, there were no differences between the groups or exercise protocols on blood glucose control. More research is warranted to elucidate higher exercise volumes in this outcome for individuals with GDM.
Liver X Receptor Activation Attenuates Oxysterol-Induced Inflammatory Responses in Fetoplacental Endothelial Cells; Oxysterols are oxidized cholesterol derivatives whose systemic levels are found elevated in pregnancy disorders such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Oxysterols act through various cellular receptors and serve as a key metabolic signal, coordinating inflammation. GDM is a condition of low-grade chronic inflammation accompanied by altered inflammatory profiles in the mother, placenta and fetus. Higher levels of two oxysterols, namely 7-ketocholesterol (7-ketoC) and 7β-hydroxycholesterol (7β-OHC), were observed in fetoplacental endothelial cells (fpEC) and cord blood of GDM offspring. In this study, we tested the effects of 7-ketoC and 7β-OHC on inflammation and investigated the underlying mechanisms involved. Primary fpEC in culture treated with 7-ketoC or 7β-OHC, induced the activation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and nuclear factor kappa B (NFκB) signaling, which resulted in the expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-6, IL-8) and intercellular cell adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1). Liver-X receptor (LXR) activation is known to repress inflammation. Treatment with LXR synthetic agonist T0901317 dampened oxysterol-induced inflammatory responses. Probucol, an inhibitor of LXR target gene ATP-binding cassette transporter A-1 (ABCA-1), antagonized the protective effects of T0901317, suggesting a potential involvement of ABCA-1 in LXR-mediated repression of inflammatory signaling in fpEC. TLR-4 inhibitor Tak-242 attenuated pro-inflammatory signaling induced by oxysterols downstream of the TLR-4 inflammatory signaling cascade. Taken together, our findings suggest that 7-ketoC and 7β-OHC contribute to placental inflammation through the activation of TLR-4. Pharmacologic activation of LXR in fpEC decelerates its shift to a pro-inflammatory phenotype in the presence of oxysterols.
Influence of Strict Lockdown on Vitamin D Deficiency in Pregnant Women: A Word of Caution; The main source of vitamin D results from skin sunlight exposure. Vitamin D deficiency (VDD) is linked to several adverse events during pregnancy. While performing a cross-sectional study with 886 pregnant women in Elda (Spain) from September 2019 to July 2020 to determine the association of VDD with gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to body mass index, a strict lockdown (SL) due to the COVID-19 pandemic was declared from 15 March 2020 to 15 May 2020. To determine if VDD prevalence in the local population of pregnant women was influenced by SL, a retrospective cross-sectional study was conducted to estimate the prevalence odds ratio (POR) for the association of VDD and SL. A crude logistic regression model was calculated, and then further adjusted by the biweekly measured vitamin D-specific UVB dose in our geographical area. The POR during SL was 4.0 (95%CI = 2.7–5.7), with a VDD prevalence of 77.8% in the quarantine period. Our results revealed that VDD prevalence in pregnant women was influenced by SL. This valuable information could guide us in future if public officials order the population to stay indoors for any given reason.
The prospective association of hyperandrogenism, oligomenorrhea and polycystic ovary syndrome with incident gestational diabetes: The coronary artery risk development in young adults women's study; In this 28-year prospective study of 455 women (mean age: 26 years), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) was associated with a 2.6-fold elevated risk of gestational diabetes (GDM). However, hyperandrogenism or oligomenorrhea in the absence of PCOS was not associated with GDM.
EARLY PLASMAPHERESIS: A VIABLE TREATMENT OPTION FOR HYPERTRIGLYCERIDEMIA INDUCED ACUTE PANCREATITIS IN A PREGNANT WOMAN; Acute pancreatitis is a devastating complication in pregnancy with an incidence of 1 in 1000-10,000 and occurs most commonly in third trimester. It is associated with high maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We report a case of hypertriglyceridemia induced acute pancreatitis in a pregnant woman and successful outcome following plasmapheresis. A 26-year-old gravida 1, para 0 presented to the hospital with low grade fever, abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting at 31 weeks gestation. She was found to be tachycardic and febrile on exam with epigastric tenderness. Patient's history was pertinent for hypertriglyceridemia and pregnancy has been complicated by gestational diabetes. There was an initial concern for pre-term labor and received iv magnesium sulfate for neurophrophylaxis along with a dose of betamethasone to promote fetal lung maturity. Labs were remarkable for elevated white count 13.8 10A9/L, hyperglycemia with glucose level of 242 mg/dL, metabolic acidosis with HC03 of 14 mmol/L, high anion gap of 19 mmol/L, elevated lipase at 1,101 IU/L, ALP 155 units/L. RUQ ultrasound did not show gallstones. Due to severity of pain, a general surgery consultation was obtained. No surgical intervention was recommended. Lipid profile was obtained that revealed significantly elevated serum triglyceride (TG) level at 4,071 mg/dL suggestive of hypertriglyceridemia induced pancreatitis. She was treated with IV insulin along with IV fluids, low fat diet, therapeutic plasma exchange, Omega-3 fatty acids and fenofibrate with improvement in triglyceride levels to <500 upon discharge. Fetal status was reassuring throughout with normal growth, BPP, NST and patient delivered at term. Hypertriglyceridemia induced acute pancreatitis is a challenging complication of pregnancy as it can be complicated by obstetrical emergencies. Clinicians should be cognizant of this rare etiology as delaying diagnosis could Jeopardize fetal outcomes. Plasmapheresis is an effective therapeutic option for rapidly lowering TG in such cases like our patient. The indications of plasmapheresis include patient refractory to nutritional and pharmacological approaches, serum TG > 1000 mg/dL, serum lipase 3 x ULN, severe hypocalcemia, lactic acidosis, and worsening inflammation and organ dysfunction.
Role of cord blood IGF-1 and maternal HbA1c levels to predict interventricular septal hypertrophy among infants of diabetic mothers: A case-control study; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) develop interventricular septal hypertrophy (ISH) (> 6 mm) [1]. The proportion of IDMs developing ISH varies from country to country. Maternal HbA1c and cord blood Insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) levels have been found useful to predict ISH. Methods: This was a case-control study of term neonates of diabetic mothers (cases) and of non-diabetic mothers (controls) to evaluate echocardiographic (ECHO) differences among cases and controls and to find the correlation of interventricular septal thickness (IVS) thickness with maternal HbA1C and cord blood IGF-1 levels. Results: Of 32 cases and 34 controls (mean gestational age 37.7 ± 0.9 weeks), 15 (46.8 %) cases, no control developed ISH. Septal thickness was more (6 ± 0.15 cm vs 3 ± 0.06 cm; p = 0.027) in cases than controls. Functional ECHO parameters including left ventricle ejection fraction were comparable (p = 0.9) among the two groups. Maternal HbA1C levels were higher (6.5 % ± 1.3 vs 3.6 % ± 0.7; p = 0.001) with a positive correlation with IVS (Pearson's coefficient 0.784, p < 0.001). Cord blood IGF1 levels were too higher in cases (99.1 ± 6.09 ng/ml vs 37.1 ± 2.99 ng/ml; p < 0.001) with moderate correlation with IVS thickness (Pearson's coefficient 0.402; p = 0.00). Receiver operator curve analysis showed, that at a cut-off of 72 ng/ml, cord blood IGF1 predicted ISH with 72 % sensitivity; 88 % specificity and at a cut-off of 7.35 %, maternal HbA1c predicted ISH with sensitivity; specificity of 93.8 % and 72.1 % respectively. Conclusion: ISH was present in 46.8 % in cases as compared to none in controls. IVS thickness correlated well with maternal HbA1C and moderately with cord blood IGF-1 levels. Functional parameters on ECHO were unaffected by maternal diabetic control. At the cut-off of maternal HbA1c of 7.35 % and cord blood IGF-1 of 72 ng /ml, babies need to be monitored clinically with ECHO to look for ISH.
Maternal Cardiovascular Morbidity Events Following Preeclampsia: A Retrospective Cohort Study; BACKGROUND: Patients with preeclampsia are at high risk for long-term cardiovascular events, yet the short-term, acute cardiovascular complications that follow preeclampsia are understudied. The objective of this study was to compare the short-term, acute maternal cardiovascular morbidity events after delivery among patients with a diagnosis of preeclampsia versus those without this diagnosis. METHODS: In this retrospective cohort study, the Premier inpatient database was used to examine a cohort of obstetric patients older than 18 years, who delivered from January 1, 2016, to September 30, 2020. A diagnosis of preeclampsia and preeclampsia with severe features during delivery hospitalization were the exposures of interest. The primary outcome was a composite of maternal cardiovascular morbidity events during delivery hospital admission. The secondary outcome was the occurrence of maternal cardiovascular morbidity events during a readmission within 90 days of delivery hospitalization. RESULTS: In total, 4,488,759 patients met inclusion criteria, of which 158,114 (3.5%) were diagnosed with preeclampsia without severe features, and 117,940 (2.6%) with preeclampsia with severe features. Adjusted odds of maternal cardiovascular morbidity events were higher in patients with preeclampsia and in those with preeclampsia with severe features compared with those without preeclampsia during delivery hospitalization (adjusted odds ratio [OR] [95% confidence interval {CI}] 1.87 [1.78-1.97] and 4.74 [4.44-5.05], respectively) and within 90 days (adjusted OR [95% CI] 2.01 [1.83-2.21] and 2.32 [2.10-2.57], respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with both preeclampsia and preeclampsia with severe features have higher rates of maternal cardiovascular morbidity events than those without preeclampsia. Future studies are necessary to examine which patients with preeclampsia are at highest risk for cardiovascular complications.
Mermaid syndrome: Rare genetic anomaly; Mermaid syndrome (Sirenomelia) is a rare fatal congenital anomaly. The prevalence is reported to be 1 in 100,000 births. The baby appears to have a fish-like tail and joined legs featuring a mermaid at the time of birth or during antenatal screening. Most of these patients die shortly after birth, denoting rare survival rate. Gastrointestinal and genitourinary obstruction with single umbilical artery are the clinical symptoms. Two important hypotheses support the Sirenomelia disorder: the artery steal hypothesis, called the vitelline artery, and the blastogenesis defect hypothesis. There is no known reason for MS, but certain risk factors need to be identified, which include mother aged more than 40 years or less than 20 years at the time of giving birth, cousin marriage, exposure to teratogenic agents, and family history. A case of this rare congenital disorder was seen in Civil Hospital Faisalabad, Pakistan, which was referred from Duniyapur, District Lodhran, Pakistan. The neonate presented with fused lower limbs, congenital heart disease, and high-grade fever. The mother had a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. The baby had fused legs, unidentified internal and external genital system, thumbs anomaly, bile in vomit, and despite lifesaving efforts, the patient expired after five days of birth. There is lack of information regarding symptoms and a lack of prenatal screening for MS. Hence, there is a need to create awareness among health care professionals to identify the disease on screening for early diagnosis.
α/β- and β-Blocker Exposure in Pregnancy and the Risk of Neonatal Hypoglycemia and Small for Gestational Age; Background: α/β- and β-blockers are essential in pregnant women's perinatal congenital heart disease management. Nevertheless, data on the effects of α/β- and β-blockers on pregnant women and fetuses are limited. We examined the risks of neonatal hypoglycemia and small for gestational age (SGA) associated with maternal exposure to α/β- and β-blockers. Methods and Results: All consecutive pregnant women with heart disease admitted to our hospital between January 2014 and October 2020 were included. Of 306 pregnancies (267 women), 32 were in the α/β-blocker group, 11 were in the β-blocker group, and 263 were in the control group. All 32 pregnancies in the α/β-blocker group were treated with carvedilol. In the β-blocker group, 4 women were treated with bisoprolol, 3 were treated with propranolol, 2 were treated with atenolol, 1 was treated with metoprolol, and 1 was treated nadolol. The incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia was higher in pregnant women taking carvedilol than in the control group (P=0.025). SGA was observed significantly more frequently in pregnant women taking β-blockers than in the carvedilol and control groups (P<0.001). Conclusions: Carvedilol administration during pregnancy was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia; however, it did not occur in a time- or dose-dependent manner. Routine monitoring of blood glucose levels in newborns exposed to α/β- and β-blockers is essential.
Prepregnancy Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in a Safety-Net Hospital; Background: Many adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with elevated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. However, APO data in the context of pre-existing CVD risk factors, and from diverse populations, are limited. We assessed the occurrence of APOs among individuals with and without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, overall and by race/ethnicity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective study using electronic medical record data from a large urban safety-net hospital. Individuals with prenatal care and delivery between 2016 and 2018 at the hospital were included, and data from prenatal intake through the delivery hospitalization were captured. The exposure, prepregnancy CVD risk factors (hypertension, diabetes, tobacco use, and obesity), and the outcome, APOs (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and stillbirth), were identified from electronic medical records. Results: We identified 3760 unique delivering individuals, of whom 55.1% self-identified as Black non-Hispanic and 17% as Hispanic. Prepregnancy CVD risk factor prevalence was 45.6%, most commonly obesity (26.6%). APO prevalence was 35.6%, most commonly a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (20.1%). Overall, 45.7% of APOs occurred in the absence of recognized prepregnancy CVD risk factors, representing 16.3% of the total sample. Among individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors, APO prevalence was 30.0% and did not vary by race/ethnicity. Conclusions: In this racially and ethnically diverse hospital-based sample, APOs were present in one in three parous individuals without prepregnancy CVD risk factors - a group with potentially elevated CVD risk who might otherwise be missed by traditional CVD risk factor screening.
NICU Versus Mother/Baby Unit Admission for Low-Acuity Infants Born at 35 Weeks’ Gestation; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the effect of NICU admission of low-acuity infants born at 35 weeks’ gestation versus care in a mother/baby unit, on inpatient and outpatient medical outcomes. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included 5929 low-acuity infants born at 350/7 to 356/7 weeks’ gestation at 13 Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals with level II or level III NICUs between January 1, 2011, and December 31, 2021. Exclusion criteria included congenital anomalies and early respiratory support or antibiotics. We used multivariable regression and regression discontinuity analyses to control for confounding variables. RESULTS: Infants admitted to the NICU within 2 hours of birth (n 5 862, 14.5%) had a 58 hour adjusted (98-hour unadjusted) longer length of stay. NICU admission was associated with an increased probability of a length of stay $96 hours (67% vs 21%; adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 4.94; 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.96–6.16). Regression discontinuity results suggested a similar (57 hour) increase in length of stay. Readmission risk, primarily for jaundice, was lower for those admitted to the NICU (3% vs 6%; aOR, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.27–0.69). Infants admitted to the NICU were slightly less likely to be receiving exclusive breast milk at 6-month follow-up (15% vs 25%; aOR, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.55–0.97; adjusted marginal risk difference -5%). CONCLUSIONS: Admitting low-acuity infants born at 35 weeks’ gestation to the NICU was associated with decreased readmission, but with longer length of stay and decreased exclusive breast milk feeding at 6 months. Routine NICU admission may be unnecessary for low-acuity infants born at 35 weeks’ gestation.
Evaluation of the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index; BACKGROUND: We aimed to evaluate the fetal cardiac functions with Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: In this study, 35 patients who were diagnosed with GDM, and 35 pregnant without glucose intolerance and their babies were evaluated. Fetal echocardiographic, biometric measurements, umbilical artery pulsatility indices (UAPI) and ductus venosus pulsatility indices (DVPI) measurements were performed to evaluate fetal well-being between the groups. RESULTS: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of UAPI, DVPI, systolic functions, the mode of delivery and 5-minute APGAR scores (P=0.849, P=0.485, P=0.770, P=0.060, P=0.587). There was statistically significant difference between the isovolumetric relaxation time and isovolumetric contraction time of groups (P=0.006, P=0.03). The MPI results were statistically different between the groups (P=0.000). Postpartum need for hospitalization was more frequently observed in GDM than the control group (P=0.014). CONCLUSIONS: MPI, which is independent of the ventricular anatomy and fetal heart rate, showing both diastolic and systolic functions, was found significantly higher in GDM. We recommend performing MPI measurement routinely to fetal cardiac functions in GDM.
Parental factors that impact the ecology of human mammary development, milk secretion, and milk composition—a report from “Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN)” Working Group 1; The goal of Working Group 1 in the Breastmilk Ecology: Genesis of Infant Nutrition (BEGIN) Project was to outline factors influencing biological processes governing human milk secretion and to evaluate our current knowledge of these processes. Many factors regulate mammary gland development in utero, during puberty, in pregnancy, through secretory activation, and at weaning. These factors include breast anatomy, breast vasculature, diet, and the lactating parent's hormonal milieu including estrogen, progesterone, placental lactogen, cortisol, prolactin, and growth hormone. We examine the effects of time of day and postpartum interval on milk secretion, along with the role and mechanisms of lactating parent-infant interactions on milk secretion and bonding, with particular attention to the actions of oxytocin on the mammary gland and the pleasure systems in the brain. We then consider the potential effects of clinical conditions including infection, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, cardiovascular health, inflammatory states, mastitis, and particularly, gestational diabetes and obesity. Although we know a great deal about the transporter systems by which zinc and calcium pass from the blood stream into milk, the interactions and cellular localization of transporters that carry substrates such as glucose, amino acids, copper, and the many other trace metals present in human milk across plasma and intracellular membranes require more research. We pose the question of how cultured mammary alveolar cells and animal models can help answer lingering questions about the mechanisms and regulation of human milk secretion. We raise questions about the role of the lactating parent and the infant microbiome and the immune system during breast development, secretion of immune molecules into milk, and protection of the breast from pathogens. Finally, we consider the effect of medications, recreational and illicit drugs, pesticides, and endocrine-disrupting chemicals on milk secretion and composition, emphasizing that this area needs much more research attention.
Strangulated interstitial interparietal hernia following lower segment caesarean section: a case report; Interparietal hernias are rare and occur most commonly in the long-term postoperative setting following abdominopelvic surgery. This case report describes the development of a strangulated interparietal hernia through a defect in the posterior rectus sheath 4 days post-lower segment caesarean section (LSCS) in a 36-year-old female. Whilst she had an acute abdomen, she did not have a palpable incisional hernia. Her interparietal hernia was identified via a computed tomography scan of her abdomen and pelvis. She underwent a midline laparotomy where ischaemic small bowel was found within her hernia. This was resected and she had an unremarkable recovery. This case is the first of its kind and highlights the diagnostic challenge of interparietal hernias in acute postoperative patients as well as the importance of having a low threshold for suspicion for complicated interparietal hernias in patients with an acute abdomen following LSCS.
Progesterone for women with threatened miscarriage (STOP trial): a placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial; STUDY QUESTION: In women with threatened miscarriage, does progesterone supplementation until the completion of the first trimester of pregnancy increase the probability of live birth? SUMMARY ANSWER: In women with threatened miscarriage, 400 mg vaginal progesterone nightly, from onset of bleeding until 12 weeks, did not increase live birth rates. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Limited evidence has indicated that vaginal micronized progesterone may make little or no difference to the live birth rate when compared with placebo in women with threatened miscarriage. Subgroup analysis of one recent randomized trial reported that in women with bleeding and at least one previous miscarriage, progesterone might be of benefit. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: We performed a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial between February 2012 and April 2019. Eligible pregnant women under 10 weeks gestation, experiencing a threatened miscarriage as apparent from vaginal bleeding were randomized into two groups in a 1:1 ratio: the intervention group received 400 mg progesterone as vaginal pessaries, the control group received placebo vaginal pessaries, both until 12 weeks gestation. The primary endpoint was live birth. We planned to randomize 386 women (193 per group). The study was stopped at a planned interim analysis for futility after randomization of 278 women. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: This trial was conducted at the Mater Mothers' Hospital, a tertiary centre for maternity care in South Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. We randomized 139 women to the intervention group and 139 women to the placebo group. Primary outcome data were available for 136 women in the intervention group and 133 women in the placebo group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The live birth rates were 82.4% (112/136) and 84.2% (112/133) in the intervention group and placebo group, respectively (risk ratio (RR) 0.98, 95% CI 0.88 to 1.09; risk difference -0.02, 95% CI -0.11 to 0.07; P = 0.683). Among women with at least one previous miscarriage, live birth rates were 80.6% (54/67) and 84.4% (65/77) (RR 0.95, 95% CI 0.82-1.11; P = 0.550). No significant effect was seen from progesterone in women with two (RR 1.28, 95% CI 0.96-1.72; P = 0.096) or more (RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.53-1.19; P = 0.267) previous miscarriages. Preterm birth rates were 12.9% and 9.3%, respectively (RR 1.38; 95% CI 0.69 to 2.78; P = 0.361). Median birth weight was 3310 vs 3300 g (P = 0.992). There were also no other significant differences in obstetric and perinatal outcomes. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Our study was single centre and did not reach the planned sample size because it was stopped prematurely at an interim analysis. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: We did not find evidence supporting the treatment effect of vaginal progesterone in women with threatened miscarriage. Progesterone in this setting should not be routinely used for threatened miscarriage. The treatment effect in women with threatened miscarriage after previous miscarriages warrants further research. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Mothers' and babies Golden Casket Clinical Fellowship (L.A.M.). Progesterone and placebo pessaries were provided by Perrigo Australia. B.W.J.M. reports grants from NHMRC, personal fees from ObsEva, personal fees from Merck KGaA, personal fees from Guerbet, personal fees from iGenomix, outside the submitted work. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ACTRN12611000405910 TRIAL REGISTRATION DATE: 19 April 2011 DATE OF FIRST PATIENT'S ENROLMENT: 06 February 2012
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: the HELIUS study; Aims Little is known about how pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk are associated, specifically among ethnic minorities. In this study, we examined this association in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening. Methods We conducted a cross-sectional study combining obstetric history from the Dutch perinatal registry with data on cardiovas- and results cular risk up to 15 years after pregnancy from the multi-ethnic HELIUS study. We included 2466 parous women of Dutch, South-Asian Surinamese, African Surinamese, Ghanaian, Turkish, and Moroccan origin. Associations were studied across ethnicities and predictive value of pregnancy complications for CVD risk factors above traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening was assessed using Poisson regression. History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and preterm birth were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension and chronic kidney disease across most groups [prevalence ratio (PR): 1.6-1.9]. Gestational diabetes mellitus was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk, particularly in ethnic minority groups (PR: 4.5-7.7). Associations did not significantly differ across ethnic groups. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. Conclusion History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, and gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with CVD risk factors in parous women, without evidence of a differential association across ethnic groups. However, addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of prevalent CVD risk factors.
Independent factors associated with birth defects during the whole of pregnancy in Shenyang City, China: a case-control study; Background: Birth defects, as a kind of diseases that seriously affect human life, have always attracted much attention. In the past, perinatal data have been studied for birth defects. This study analyzed the surveillance data of birth defects during the perinatal period and the whole of pregnancy, as well as the independent influencing factors, to help to minimize their risk of birth defects. Methods: A total of 23,649 fetuses delivered in the hospital from January 2017 to December 2020, were enrolled in this study. There were 485 cases of birth defects, including live births and stillbirths by detailed inclusion and exclusion criteria. Maternal and neonatal clinical data were collated to analyze the influencing factors associated with birth defects. Pregnancy complications and comorbidities were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Chinese Medical Association. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between independent variables and birth defect events. Results: The incidence of birth defects during the whole of pregnancy was 175.46/10,000, while the incidence of perinatal birth defects was 96.22/10,000. The birth defect group had significantly higher maternal age, gravidity, parity, rate of preterm birth, cesarean section (CS) rate, scarred uterus, stillborn, and male newborns compared to the control group. Multivariate logistic regression model analysis showed that preterm birth [odds ratio (OR): 1.69, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.01 to 2.86], CS (OR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.08 to 1.98), scarred uterus (OR: 1.70, 95% CI: 1.01 to 2.85), and low birth weight (OR >4 compared to the other two classes) were significantly associated with birth defects during the whole of pregnancy (all P<0.05). The independent influencing factors associated with perinatal birth defects included CS (OR: 1.43, 95% CI: 1.05 to 1.93), gestational hypertension (OR: 1.70, 95%: 1.04 to 2.78), and low birth weight (OR >3.70 compared to the other two classes). Conclusions: The discovery and monitoring of known influencing factors associated with birth defects, such as, preterm birth, gestational hypertension, low birth weight, should be enhanced. For the controllable influencing factors, obstetrics providers should work with patients to minimize their risk of birth defects.
Positive screen on Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) born with very low birth weight and intrauterine growth restriction: a cross-sectional study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to verify the Modified Checklist for Autism in Toddlers (M-CHAT) responses among children born with very low birth weight (VLBW) with and without (IUGR). METHODS: A cross-sectional study was carried out with toddlers born with VLBW, with and without IUGR. IUGR was based both on fetal ultrasound and birth weight for gestational age. M-CHAT was completed by the parents. RESULTS: Sixty-nine children completed the study and 30 (43.4%) screened positive for ASD. Analysis of children with positive and negative M-CHAT screens found no significant differences, except IUGR; 13 (43.3%) vs. 6 (15.3%), P=0.021. Multivariate analysis showed that IUGR remained significant; OR=5.3 (1.3-21.8), P=0.019. CONCLUSIONS: Toddlers born with very low birth weight associated with IUGR have a high risk for autism, according to the M-CHAT. Further studies are needed to confirm these results.
Iron and β-Cell Function: Implications for Diabetes Pathophysiology; Background: The intricate relationship between iron metabolism and diabetes mellitus has become a subject of increasing interest, with a growing body of evidence suggesting that iron plays a significant role in the pathophysiology of diabetes. Specifically, the impact of iron on β-cell function has emerged as a critical area of study. β-cells, located in the pancreatic islets of Langerhans, are responsible for insulin synthesis and secretion. Purpose: Understanding how iron influences these vital cells is crucial for unraveling the complexities of diabetes development and progression. Methods: This review synthesizes current literature on the interaction between iron and β-cell function, exploring the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying this relationship. We conducted a systematic search of databases, including PubMed and Scopus, to identify relevant studies published up to the present date. Articles were selected based on their focus on iron homeostasis, β-cell function, and their implications for diabetes pathophysiology. Results: Iron is an essential micronutrient that participates in various cellular processes, including energy metabolism and reactive oxygen species (ROS) regulation. In β-cells, iron is intricately involved in insulin synthesis, folding, and maturation. However, an imbalance in iron homeostasis can lead to oxidative stress, mitochondrial dysfunction, and impaired insulin secretion. The reviewed literature provides compelling evidence that alterations in iron levels can adversely affect β-cell function, contributing to the development and progression of diabetes. Excess iron has been associated with increased oxidative stress within β-cells, leading to damage and dysfunction. Furthermore, iron-induced ROS may activate inflammatory pathways, promoting β-cell apoptosis and insulin resistance in peripheral tissues. Conversely, iron deficiency may also impact β-cell health. Insufficient iron availability can compromise the efficiency of insulin synthesis and secretion, potentially contributing to glucose dysregulation. Iron-deficient conditions may lead to alterations in cellular energy metabolism, further exacerbating the vulnerability of β-cells to stressors. Conclusions: Understanding the nuanced interplay between iron and β-cell function has implications for diabetes management. Therapeutic strategies aimed at modulating iron levels, such as iron chelation or dietary interventions, hold promise for preserving β-cell health and improving glycemic control. This review underscores the intricate relationship between iron and β-cell function, providing valuable insights into the pathophysiology of diabetes. Whether through excess or deficiency, iron significantly influences the health and function of β-cells, shaping the landscape of diabetes development. Further research is warranted to delineate the precise mechanisms involved and to explore targeted interventions that may harness the therapeutic potential of modulating iron levels in diabetes management.
'Essentia-lly Alkalemic': Severe Metabolic Alkalosis and Life-Threatening Hypokalemia After Chronic Alkali Water Consumption: A Case Report; Background: Commercially available alkaline water, including 'Essentia' (pH 9.5), has increased in popularity. The suggested health benefits of alkaline water include antioxidant, immune support, and homeostatic effects. However, there is a dearth of literature as to the adverse effects of alkaline water consumption. We report a case of metabolic alkalosis and profound hypokalemia in the setting of daily Essentia water consumption. Case Report: A 48-year-old female with a past medical history of gestational diabetes, mitral valve prolapse, necrotizing pancreatitis, and portal venous thrombosis, presented to the emergency department (ED) after three weeks of lethargy, weakness, difficulty walking, and vomiting. She endorsed having only two episodes of emesis during the illness, as well as progressive difficulty walking with five associated falls. She endorsed daily consumption of Essentia Mineral Water (pH 9.5) for the month prior to presentation (five liters per day). Vital signs were: heart rate 121 beats/ minutes; blood pressure 129/106 mmHg; respiratory rate 16 breaths/minute; oxygen 100% on room air; temperature 101°F. Electrocardiogram showed sinus tachycardia with a QTc of 630 milliseconds. Initial labs showed: pH 7.69; bicarbonate 54 mEq/L; PCO2 43; potassium 1.6; lactate 13.2; magnesium 0.9 mEq/L. In the ED she received two grams of magnesium, two liters of normal saline, and 70 milliequivalent (mEq) of potassium chloride (KCl), without significant improvement of the lab derangements. She was admitted to the intensive care unit (ICU) for further electrolyte/ fluid repletion and QTc monitoring. While in the ICU, she received an additional 40 mEq of KCl. However, her potassium eventually rebounded to 6.6, which was reflexively treated with calcium, insulin, and dextrose. Ultimately, after four days of supportive care, the patient returned to normal electrolyte levels. Conclusion: There is limited data on metabolic alkalosis and hypokalemia after alkaline water ingestion. This case demonstrates the potential for severe alkalemia and symptomatic hypokalemia after a chronic alkali water ingestion.
PREGNANCY OUTCOMES IN WOMEN WITH SICKLE CELL DISEASE IN IRELAND: A RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW; Background: Sickle cell disease (SCD) is one of the most common single gene disorders worldwide and is characterised by significant morbidity and early mortality.[1] Pregnancy in SCD is associated with an increased risk of maternal and foetal complications.[2,3] The 2011 RCOG and the 2021 BSH guidelines[5,6] on the management of pregnancy in SCD have provided the basis for best practice care in the UK over the past decade and is the guidance which we follow in Ireland. To date, there is no published data on outcomes for pregnant women with SCD in Ireland. The number of Irish patients with SCD has risen over the past 20 years. Without a national database, the exact prevalence is not known but currently there are at least 600 adults and children with SCD in Ireland, whose population is just over 5 million.[4] Aims: Our study assesses outcomes of pregnant patients with SCD from 2015 to 2022. Our aims were to: • Assess adherence to current guidelines • Assess pregnancy outcomes and maternal complications • Assess transfusion rates amongst our patient cohort. Method: This is a retrospective cohort study. We do not have a directly matched cohort, but have compared our findings to published data on Irish pregnancy outcomes from the Irish Maternity Indicator System National Report and have correlated our findings with studies of women with SCD who were managed in UK centres.[8,9,10] Results: We reviewed outcomes of 29 pregnancies in 19 women over a 7-year period. The median age was 29 (range 20-41) and the predominant maternal sickle genotype was HbSS (65.5%). Before conception, 55.2% of cases had pre-existing complications of SCD, including acute chest syndrome (ACS), pulmonary hypertension (PHTN) and prior stroke. In accordance with current guidelines, 100% of women (n=29) were prescribed folic acid, penicillin, and aspirin prophylaxis. 51.7% (n=15) of women had documented maternal complications during pregnancy, including ACS (34%), vaso-occlusive crisis (34%), gestational diabetes (10%), VTE (3%) and UTI (3%). Two women (7%) developed Covid-19 pneumonitis despite vaccination. There was one case of maternal bacteraemia (3%). 65.5% of cases (n=19) required blood transfusion during pregnancy. One woman was already on a blood transfusion programme for disease modification prior to pregnancy. In 6 cases (20.6%), a transfusion programme was commenced during pregnancy due to prior pregnancy complications or intrauterine growth restriction. During pregnancy, 27.6% (n=8) of women required emergency red cell exchange for ACS. Prior studies have suggested that between 30% and 70% of pregnant women with SCD require at least one blood transfusion during pregnancy.[8,9,10] By comparison, only 2.6% of the Irish general obstetric population required transfusion during pregnancy.[7] 20.6% (n=6) of births were preterm at <37 weeks' gestation. There was one live preterm birth (3%) at <34 weeks and one intrauterine death (3%) at 23 weeks' gestation. Similar to UK data[9], 31% of women required critical care stay (n=9) during pregnancy, in comparison with 1.44% nationwide in 2020.[7] Conclusion: It is well established that pregnancy in SCD is high risk, and despite adherence to current guidelines, we have shown very high rates of critical care admission, significant transfusion requirement and hospital admissions. Our findings are comparable to published UK outcomes and they further support the need for a comprehensive specialist care setting for this patient cohort.
Clinical and Radiological Features of Intracerebral Hemorrhage in Pregnant and Postpartum Patients; Objective: To characterize intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) in pregnant and postpartum patients. Background: ICH is a leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. Detailed data are limited regarding clinical and radiological features of ICH in pregnancy and postpartum. Design/Methods: We retrospectively reviewed medical records and brain imaging from pregnant or postpartum patients admitted to the neurological intensive care unit at one center with ICH between 1/01/2012 and 12/31/2021. We described clinical characteristics and ICH radiological features including presence of a culprit vascular lesion, and deep or lobar location in those patients without vascular lesions. Results: A total of 23 patients were identified (median age 34 years, IQR 8), of whom 11 (48%) were pregnant and 12 (52%) were postpartum. Among pregnant patients, 3 (25%) ICH occurred in the 1 trimester, 6 (50%) in the 2 , and 3 (25%) in the 3 , with median gestational age of 22 weeks at time of the index event. Among postpartum patients, 58% of events occurred within 1 week after delivery. Radiological features were as follows: 6 (26%) had a culprit vascular lesion identified (5 AVM, 1 aneurysm), and 1 (4%) had hemorrhagic venous infarction. Of the 16 primary ICH, 11 (69%) were lobar (frontal, parietal or occipital); 3 (19%) were deep (cerebellar, brainstem, thalamus or basal ganglia), and 2 (13%) had both lobar and deep hemorrhage. Among patients with primary ICH, none had pre-existing hypertension, 4 (25%) had pre-pregnancy obesity, 1 (6%) had pre-gestational diabetes, and 5 (31%) had preeclampsia/eclampsia. Among patients with preeclampsia/eclampsia, 3 had lobar hemorrhages and 2 had deep hemorrhages. Conclusions: Among pregnant or postpartum patients admitted to an academic medical center with ICH, the majority (70%) had no culprit vascular lesion. These hemorrhages were predominantly lobar and occurred in patients with and without preeclampsia/eclampsia, suggesting an underlying pregnancy-related small vessel vasculopathy.
Preexisting Cerebrovascular Disease in Pregnancy: a Case Series on Pregnancy Outcomes; Objective: To characterize adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) in patients with preexisting cerebrovascular disease (CVD). Background: Detailed data are lacking regarding APO in pregnant patients with CVD, limiting neurologists' ability to counsel patients. Design/Methods: We reviewed medical records of 35 patients with CVD evaluated in a neuro-obstetrics subspecialty clinic embedded within a high risk maternal-fetal medicine practice between August 2019 and December 2021. Patients were referred for neurological evaluation during or prior to pregnancy. We described subsequent maternal and fetal APO, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre term birth (PTB), fetal growth restriction (FGR), and small for gestational age infant (SGA), as well as delivery mode, postpartum readmissions and recurrent acute CVD. Results: A total of 35 patients were included (6 TIA, 14 ischemic stroke, 1 subarachnoid hemorrhage, 1 intracerebral hemorrhage, 5 cerebral venous thrombosis, 3 unruptured aneurysm, 2 arteriovenous malformation, 1 cervical artery dissection, 2 reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome [RCVS]). Average age at delivery was 33 years, and most patients (91%) had vascular risk factors including obesity (23%), chronic hypertension (20%), diabetes mellitus (11%), history of prior APO (26%), and migraine (57%). All patients with prior TIA, ischemic stroke, or cerebral venous thrombosis received antithrombotics during pregnancy. Overall, APO occurred in 44% of pregnancies, and included PTB (28%), HDP (19%), GDM (14%), FGR (8%), and SGA (8%). Cesarean deliveries occurred in 42% of pregnancies, all for obstetric indications. Two patients were readmitted postpartum, one for neurological symptoms (headache) with normal brain imaging, and one for an obstetrical complication. One patient experienced recurrent postpartum CVD (RCVS), without readmission. Conclusions: In patients with CVD history, APO were common but recurrent acute CVD was rare. Patients with prior CVD may be at high risk for APO due to underlying vascular risk factors rather than specific CVD diagnosis.
A CTS Team Approach to Fetal Hyperinsulinemia in Diabetic Pregnancy and its Effects on Vasculature and Early Life Metabolism; OBJECTIVES/GOALS: Fetal glucose dynamics mediate many of the adverse outcomes seen in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). The goals of this study are to identify: (1) rates of blood glucose change in normoglycemic and hypoglycemic IDM; (2) their relation to in-utero insulin exposure; and (3) their transcriptional impacts on placental and umbilical vasculature. METHODS/ STUDY POPULATION: Using a longitudinal prospective study design, placental/umbilical cord tissue and maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) are being collected from mothers diagnosed with Type 1, Type 2, or gestational diabetes mellitus. Blood glucose levels are also collected from their infants at birth, and every 3-4 hours for up to 9 hours to determine the rate of change. Linear regression modeling will be used to determine associations between placental and umbilical endothelial RNA expression, umbilical cord insulin levels, and maternal HbA1c within each diabetic sub-type. Gene expression from endothelial specimens will be compared between diabetic subtypes and between normoglycemic and hypoglycemic infants via paired t-tests using Benjamini-Hochberg procedure for false discovery rate correction. RESULTS/ANTICIPATED RESULTS: We hypothesize the following; (1) glucose levels will have a steeper rate of change in hypoglycemic infants; (2) maternal HbA1c and in-utero insulin levels will correlate with the level of transcriptional change identified in placental and umbilical endothelial samples; (3) a negative association will exist between cord insulin levels and the rate of change in infant glucose levels; and (4) a positive association will exist between cord insulin level and transcriptional change on the placental and umbilical endothelium. DISCUSSION/ SIGNIFICANCE: Identifying gene expression changes in diabetic placental/umbilical endothelium, and the role of insulin/glucose in these changes, is key to managing diabetic vasculopathy and its adverse outcomes. Understanding infant insulin response may also guide management of hypoglycemia and decrease the risk for neonatal intensive care unit admission.
Pregnancy Complications and Long-Term Mortality in a Diverse Cohort; Background: Pregnancy complications are associated with increased risk of development of cardiometabolic diseases and earlier mortality. However, much of the previous research has been limited to White pregnant participants. We aimed to investigate pregnancy complications in association with total and cause-specific mortality in a racially diverse cohort and evaluate whether associations differ between Black and White pregnant participants. Methods: The Collaborative Perinatal Project was a prospective cohort study of 48 197 pregnant participants at 12 US clinical centers (1959-1966). The Collaborative Perinatal Project Mortality Linkage Study ascertained participants' vital status through 2016 with linkage to the National Death Index and Social Security Death Master File. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHRs) for underlying all-cause and cause-specific mortality were estimated for preterm delivery (PTD), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes/impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/IGT) using Cox models adjusted for age, prepregnancy body mass index, smoking, race and ethnicity, previous pregnancies, marital status, income, education, previous medical conditions, site, and year. Results: Among 46 551 participants, 45% (21 107 of 46 551) were Black, and 46% (21 502 of 46 551) were White. The median time between the index pregnancy and death/censoring was 52 years (interquartile range, 45-54). Mortality was higher among Black (8714 of 21 107 [41%]) compared with White (8019 of 21 502 [37%]) participants. Overall, 15% (6753 of 43 969) of participants had PTD, 5% (2155 of 45 897) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and 1% (540 of 45 890) had GDM/IGT. PTD incidence was higher in Black (4145 of 20 288 [20%]) compared with White (1941 of 19 963 [10%]) participants. The following were associated with all-cause mortality: preterm spontaneous labor (aHR, 1.07 [95% CI, 1.03-1.1]); preterm premature rupture of membranes (aHR, 1.23 [1.05-1.44]); preterm induced labor (aHR, 1.31 [1.03-1.66]); preterm prelabor cesarean delivery (aHR, 2.09 [1.75-2.48]) compared with full-Term delivery; gestational hypertension (aHR, 1.09 [0.97-1.22]); preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.14 [0.99-1.32]) and superimposed preeclampsia or eclampsia (aHR, 1.32 [1.20-1.46]) compared with normotensive; and GDM/IGT (aHR, 1.14 [1.00-1.30]) compared with normoglycemic. P values for effect modification between Black and White participants for PTD, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and GDM/IGT were 0.009, 0.05, and 0.92, respectively. Preterm induced labor was associated with greater mortality risk among Black (aHR, 1.64 [1.10-2.46]) compared with White (aHR, 1.29 [0.97-1.73]) participants, while preterm prelabor cesarean delivery was higher in White (aHR, 2.34 [1.90-2.90]) compared with Black (aHR, 1.40 [1.00-1.96]) participants. Conclusions: In this large, diverse US cohort, pregnancy complications were associated with higher mortality nearly 50 years later. Higher incidence of some complications in Black individuals and differential associations with mortality risk suggest that disparities in pregnancy health may have life-long implications for earlier mortality.
COVID-19 related liver injuries in pregnancy; While severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) quickly spread across the globe, our understanding of its pathogenic mechanisms evolved. Importantly, coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is now considered a syndromic multisystem inflammatory disease involving not only the respiratory system but also the cardiovascular, excretory, nervous, musculoskeletal, and gastrointestinal systems. Moreover, a membrane-bound form of angiotensinconverting enzyme 2, the entry receptor for SARS-CoV-2, is expressed on the surface of cholangiocytes and hepatocytes, suggesting the potential of COVID-19 to involve the liver. With the widespread distribution of SARS-CoV-2 throughout the population, infection during pregnancy is no longer a rare occurrence; however, little is known about the course of hepatic injuries and related outcomes in pregnant SARS-CoV-2-positive women. Thus, the understudied topic of COVID-related liver disease during pregnancy poses a great challenge for the consulting gynecologist and hepatologist. In this review, we aim to describe and summarize potential liver injuries in pregnant women with COVID-19
Caudal regression syndrome without maternal diabetes mellitus; Caudal regression is a rare complex disorder impacting the formation of the caudal segment of the spine and spinal cord. We report a preterm newborn baby who was referred to us due to respiratory distress syndrome and bilateral knee contracture. A clinical examination and a radiographic skeletal survey revealed a short spinal cord with complete agenesis of the lumbar, sacrum and coccygeal spine, and hypoplastic iliac bones with bilateral knee contractures. The mother did not have diabetes. The long-term outcome is not well-known in our set-up.
Trajectories of maternal D-dimer are associated with the risk of developing adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes: A prospective birth cohort study; Objective: To assess the relationships of maternal D-dimer trajectories with the risk of developing adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes (AMPOs). Methods: A prospective birth cohort study was conducted in China, and 7,095 women who had singleton birth were included. The latent class growth model was used to determine the maternal D-dimer trajectory. Results: Three maternal D-dimer trajectories were identified: (1) slight increase (43.6%), (2) rapid rise (51.3%), (3) sustained high (5.1%). Compared to pregnant women with a slight increase in D-dimer trajectory, the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, placenta previa, macrosomia, large for gestational age (LGA), and increased postpartum bleeding was significantly increased in those with a rapid rise trajectory (adjusted OR = 1.22, 2.00, 1.80, and 1.56, adjusted β = 15.92 ∼ 25.1 ml, respectively, P < 0.05), and women with a sustained high trajectory also demonstrated a relatively elevated risk of macrosomia and LGA (adjusted OR = 2.11 and 1.82, respectively, P < 0.05). While the odds of pregnancy-induced hypertension, low birth weight, and small for gestational age in pregnant women with the rapid rise D-dimer trajectory and fetal distress in those with sustained high trajectory exhibited a reduction (adjusted OR = 0.62, 0.38, 0.54, and 0.64, respectively, P < 0.05). Conclusion: This study highlights the influence of inappropriate maternal D-dimer trajectories on the risk of AMPOs.
Arteriovenous malformation of the small intestine presenting with a transfusion-dependent anaemia in pregnancy; Gastrointestinal bleeding that originates in the small intestine is often difficult to diagnose. Bleeding from a small intestinal arteriovenous malformation (AVM) is rare, with congenital AVMs more commonly located in the rectum or sigmoid. There is a relative paucity of cases reported in the literature. In the gastrointestinal tract, it can cause acute and chronic bleeding, which can be fatal. Although the incidence of small bowel AVMs is quite low, such lesions can be identified as the bleeding source in patients with obscure gastrointestinal bleeding (OGIB) harbouring severe, transfusion-dependent anaemia. It can be exceedingly difficult to localise and diagnose gastrointestinal tract bleeding, particularly in cases of occult small bowel AVMs. CT angiography and capsule endoscopy can help to establish the diagnosis. Laparoscopy is an appropriate and beneficial treatment modality for small bowel resection. The authors present the case of a primigravida woman in her late 20s diagnosed with a symptomatic transfusion-dependent anaemia during her pregnancy. She developed OGIB and despite no history of chronic liver disease became encephalopathic. Due to her physical deterioration and uncertain diagnosis, her caesarean section was performed at 36+6 weeks to expedite investigations and treatment. She was diagnosed with a jejunal AVM and underwent coiled embolisation of her superior mesenteric artery. She became haemodynamically unstable and underwent a laparotomy and small bowel resection. A full non-invasive liver screen was negative, however, her MRI liver described multiple focal nodular hyperplasia (FNH) lesions raising the possibility of FNH syndrome in the context of a previous AVM malformation. A prompt stepwise, multimodality diagnostic approach is required to prevent patient morbidity and mortality.
DEVELOPMENT AND VALIDATION OF A MACHINE LEARNING RISK-PREDICTION MODEL FOR ACUTE PERIPARTUM CARDIOVASCULAR COMPLICATIONS AMONG INDIVIDUALS WITH PREECLAMPSIA AT THE TIME OF DELIVERY ADMISSIONS; Background Preeclampsia is known to be associated with increased risk of developing acute cardiovascular (CV) complications Methods We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019) while utilizing ICD-9/10 codes to identify delivery admissions. Data was split into training, validation, and a test set, with a ratio of 0.7, 0.2, and 0.1 respectively. Acute CV complications constituted peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute heart failure, stroke, arrhythmias, acute kidney injury, pulmonary edema and venous thromboembolism. A machine learning framework. was used to develop an acute CV peripartum risk score (CVP-RS). Results A total of 589,929 cases of preeclampsia were included in the analysis. Of the patients with preeclampsia, 4091 (0.7%) developed acute CV complications. Individuals with acute CV complications, vs those without, were older (median 29 vs. 28 years, p<0.01) and had a higher prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (0.9% vs 0.7%), gestational diabetes (5.8% vs 3.8%), obesity (15.7% vs 10%), and dyslipidemia (1.3% vs 0.3%). Variables to be included in the CVP-RS score were ranked by importance using a parsimony plot (A). A total of 13 variables were selected based on predictive ability. On performance evaluation using the testing dataset, an area under the curve of 0.67 (95% CI 0.66-0.69) was achieved. (B) The CVP-RS score interpretation is illustrated in Panel C and D. Conclusion CVP-RS score is an easy to use risk prediction tool for acute peripartum CV complications. [Formula presented]
NATIONAL INPATIENT MATERNAL OUTCOMES IN THOSE WITH AUTOIMMUNE CONNECTIVE TISSUE DISEASE.; Background Autoimmune connective tissue diseases (CTD) predominantly affect women during their reproductive years. Maternal complications are often considered risk factors for future cardiovascular disease. CTDs such as systemic lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, and systemic sclerosis has been associated with poor maternal and fetal complications. We aim to evaluate pregnancy outcomes in CTD cohort compared to a cohort without CTD. Methods We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study using the national inpatient data sample to evaluate pregnancy and fetal outcomes in women with CTD, compared to those without CTD, delivering between 2015 and 2018. Regression analysis was performed and adjusted for multiple patient characteristics to compare maternal and fetal outcomes. Results Of the total 864,654 births in our cohort, 995 were to women with CTD. Table 1 highlights differences between both cohorts. Women with CTD were more likely to develop preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, need labor induction, preterm labor, fetal distress, and post-partum hemorrhage. These findings were not significant when we adjusted for other variables. Total cost and length of stay were higher in CTD patients but were not statistically significant. Conclusion Women with CTD experience higher rates of maternal complications likely related to other confounders. Preconception counseling should take these risks into consideration. [Formula presented]
Women’s Reproductive Milestones and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: A Review of Reports and Opportunities From the CARDIA Study; In 1985 to 1986, the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study enrolled 5115 Black or White participants, including 2788 women, aged 18 to 30 years. Over the following 35 years, the CARDIA study amassed extensive longitudinal data on women’s reproductive milestones, spanning menarche to menopause. Although not initially conceived as a study of women’s health, >75 CARDIA study publications address relationships between reproductive factors and events with cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease, and social determi-nants of health. The CARDIA study was one of the earliest population-based reports to note Black-White differences in age at menarche and associations with cardiovascular risk factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes and preterm birth, have been assessed along with postpartum behaviors, such as lactation. Existing studies have examined risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes and lactation, as well as their relationship to future cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors, diagnoses, and subclinical atherosclerosis. Ancillary studies examining components of polycystic ovary syndrome and ovarian biomarkers, such as anti-Müllerian hormone, have facilitated examination of reproductive health in a population-based cohort of young adult women. As the cohort transitioned through menopause, examination of the importance of pre-menopausal cardiovascular risk factors along with menopause has improved our understanding of shared mechanisms. The cohort is now aged in the 50s to mid-60s, and women will begin to experience a greater number of cardiovascular events as well as other conditions, such as cognitive impairment. Thus, in the next decade, the CARDIA study will provide a unique resource for understanding how the women’s reproductive life course epidemiology informs cardiovascular risk, as well as reproductive and chronological aging.
Inference of Causal Relationships Between Genetic Risk Factors for Cardiometabolic Phenotypes and Female-Specific Health Conditions; BACKGROUND: Cardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid, but their relationship with female-specific or overwhelmingly female-predominant health conditions (breast cancer, endometriosis, pregnancy complications) is understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to women. METHODS AND RESULTS: Using electronic health record data from 71 008 ancestrally diverse women, we examined relationships between 23 obstetrical/gynecological conditions and 4 cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index, coronary artery disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension) by performing 4 analyses: (1) cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture, (2) polygenic risk score–based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk, (3) Mendelian randomization for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships, and (4) chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of women with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. We observed 27 significant associations between cardiometabolic polygenic scores and obstetrical/gynecological conditions (body mass index and endometrial cancer, body mass index and polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and polycystic ovarian syndrome). Mendelian randomization analysis provided additional evidence of independent causal effects. We also identified an inverse association between coronary artery disease and breast cancer. High cardiometabolic polygenic scores were associated with early development of polycystic ovarian syndrome and gestational hypertension. CONCLUSIONS: We conclude that polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with elevated risk of certain female-specific health conditions.
ADVERSE PREGNANCY OUTCOMES AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK-HOW TO IMPROVE RISK ASSESSMENT IN THE PRIMARY CARE SETTING; Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of mortality in women globally. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) confer an increased risk of CVD. Obtaining a detailed obstetric history is a Class I recommendation from the ACC. We hypothesized that despite this recommendation, few internal medicine (IM) residents in Lankenau's outpatient clinic ask patients about pregnancy history and are not identifying patients who are at increased risk for CVD. We also hypothesized that incorporating obstetric history into our note template in the resident clinic would improve CVD risk assessment. Methods A retrospective chart review was performed of female patients (ages 18-60 years old) who were evaluated as an initial encounter at the IM Resident Clinic between 1/2019-3/2019 and had not previously seen a cardiologist. It was determined if an obstetric history was obtained during the initial visit for each patient and if history of pregnancy complications and APOs (eg preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) were obtained. Residents attended an educational lecture in March 2021 regarding how to assess CVD risk in women. Starting June 2021, the internal medicine outpatient note template was changed to include an area to document obstetric history and complications. We then performed the same retrospective chart review for new patient visits from 6/2021-10/2021. Results For 110 new female patient visits, pregnancy history and APO history were obtained only 31.8% and 8.18% of the time respectively. After our interventions, for 85 new female patient visits over 4 months, obstetric history and APO history was obtained 58.3% and 39.3% of the time respectively. This reflects a 26.5% increase in obtaining pregnancy history and 31.1% improvement in obtaining a complication history and assessing CVD risk. Conclusion Our study demonstrates that educational lectures and changes to EMR note templates to include obstetric history significantly increased rates of assessment of APOs which provided a more complete CVD risk assessment.
USE OF EXTRACORPOREAL MEMBRANE OXYGENATION (ECMO) IN A POSTPARTUM PATIENT WITH SUSPECTED REVERSE TAKOTSUBO CARDIOMYOPATHY (TCM); Background Data on ECMO in the peripartum period is limited. We present a case of a patient with cardiogenic shock immediately post delivery, likely due to TCM, with successful recovery on V-A ECMO. Case A 38-year-old South Asian G1P0 woman, with a history of hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes presented at 36 weeks gestation for induction of labor in the setting of cholestasis. Labor course was complicated by chorioamnionitis, treated with intravenous antibiotics. She underwent successful normal spontaneous vaginal delivery of a healthy baby boy, but within hours of delivery, developed progressive dyspnea with escalating oxygen requirements. Echocardiogram demonstrated globally reduced left ventricular systolic function with apical hyperkinesis and a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of 15%. Labs were notable for a troponin I of 17.8 ng/mL (0-0.04 ng/mL), BNP 1,470 pg/mL (<100 pg/mL), lactate 2.8 mmol/L (<2 mmol/L), and white blood cell count 39.9 K/uL (4.5-11 K/uL). Invasive coronary angiography was normal. Right heart catheterization demonstrated elevated biventricular filling pressures and mildly reduced cardiac index on high dose inotropes, so an intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) was placed. Given progressive hemodynamic instability, she was placed on V-A ECMO. She was decannulated from ECMO after four days and IABP was removed four days later. Echocardiogram one week after presentation showed significant LVEF recovery of 44%. She was initiated on low dose beta blockade and discharged two weeks after initial presentation. Echocardiogram at two months showed complete recovery with LVEF 57%. The patient opted against breastfeeding. Subsequent genetic testing was negative for inherited cardiomyopathies. Decision-making In this case, the presence of apical hyperkinesis with severe basal segment hypokinesis, along with rapid recovery in her LVEF, is suggestive of a reverse TCM phenotype. The patient responded clinically to early mechanical circulatory support (MCS). Conclusion Cardiogenic shock, regardless of etiology, in the peripartum period requires prompt recognition and action, including early multidisciplinary cardio-obstetric management.
POSTPARTUM ATRIAL FIBRILLATION IN A PRE-ECLAMPTIC PATIENT; Background Postpartum atrial fibrillation (AF) is an uncommon tachyarrhythmia that can present clinical challenges to the treatment team. There are certain management considerations in treating postpartum women who develop AF including safety and efficacy of anticoagulation, rate or rhythm control as well as drug exposure to infants throughout breastfeeding. Case A G1P0 23-year-old female with a history of morbid obesity and type 1 gestational diabetes mellitus presented at 37 weeks gestation for routine prenatal visit with pre-eclampsia with severe features with blood pressure 165/103. She underwent induction of labor with oxytocin and had a successful vaginal delivery. On postpartum day 2, the patient complained of palpitations and was noted to be in AF by telemetry. EKG showed AF with rapid ventricular response with rates up to 150 beats per minute. She was started on propranolol, nifedipine, hydralazine, and therapeutic enoxaparin. On postpartum day 4, she spontaneously converted to normal sinus rhythm and was discharged in stable condition. The patient had an unremarkable 4-week follow-up with her obstetrician with no symptoms or signs of arrhythmia. Decision-making Our patient was diagnosed with gestational hypertension at 37 weeks of gestation and then diagnosed with preeclampsia with severe features. Hypertension is also a well-known known risk factor for AF. The pathophysiology involves cardiac remodeling of the left ventricle and subsequent morphologic changes of the left atria lead to ectopic foci of depolarization and can disrupt electrical pathways precipitating AF. Our patient's hypertension was controlled with nifedipine and hydralazine. Rate control was achieved with propranolol. Our patient was anticoagulated with enoxaparin for a CHA2DS2-VASc score of 3 due to gender, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. These medications were selected due to their efficacy and their safety with respect to breastfeeding. Conclusion This case highlights management of AF in the postpartum period. Although AF is a common arrhythmia with clear guidelines for management, AF in the postpartum period has not been well explained and appropriate management has not been well defined.
THE 4TH TRIMESTER: ASSESSING LONG-TERM CARDIOVASCULAR OUTCOMES AND HEALTH EQUITY IN A LARGE MIDWESTERN HEALTH SYSTEM; Background Given increased risk for postpartum complications and cardiovascular disease for patients with gestational hypertension (HTN), preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM), leading organizations advocate for postpartum follow-up standards. This study estimated 1) the percentage of patients who received evidence-based care within 6-months postpartum, including blood pressure (BP) or blood glucose (BG) screening, and if elevated, if they were prescribed medication or referred for risk reduction resources; 2) rates of care between racial groups. Methods Retrospective analysis of 2,029 patients with gestational HTN, preeclampsia, and/or GDM who delivered between January 1-December 31, 2021 and received care at an Allina institution. Results Of 920 patients with GDM, 29% had their BG screened. Of those with elevated BG, 11% were prescribed medication and 21% had a referral for risk reduction. Of patients with gestational HTN or preeclampsia who remained hypertensive postpartum, 52% and 61% were prescribed medications, respectively; <15% had a referral for risk reduction. Black or African American patients with any diagnosis were least likely to be referred for risk reduction or receive follow-up BP screening. Conclusion In a large urban system, many patients with enhanced cardiac risk did not receive appropriate follow-up, disproportionately affecting people of color. This study highlights the need for additional awareness and novel ways to provide optimal risk reduction. [Formula presented]
TRANSCATHETER AORTIC VALVE REPLACEMENT FOR SYMPTOMATIC SEVERE AORTIC VALVE STENOSIS DURING PREGNANCY IN AN ADULT WITH CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE; Background Cardiovascular disease is the most common cause of pregnancy-related mortality. Pregnant women with symptomatic, severe aortic stenosis (AS) carry the greatest complication risk. We present a case of transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) during pregnancy. Case A 34-year-old G8P1243 female with bicuspid aortic valve (BAV), hypertension, history of IV drug use, aortic valve endocarditis, recurrent fetal loss, and gestational diabetes presented to Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) clinic at 15-weeks gestation. TTE revealed a calcified BAV with severe AS (Fig 1A-B). At 17 weeks, she was hospitalized for symptomatic hypertension (>160/100). With abdominal shielding and Sentinel cerebral protection device, a 34mm Medtronic Evolut R Corevalve was deployed (Fig 1C-E). Procedural fluoroscopy time: 21.5 mins. Post-TAVR TTE revealed reduction in valve gradient (Fig 1F). She was discharged on post-procedure day 2 and underwent C-section at 36 weeks. [Formula presented] Decision-making During initial counseling, patient affirmed desire to continue pregnancy. Multidisciplinary meetings suggested a higher risk of fetal loss with SAVR. TAVR was pursued with shared decision making. Conclusion Symptomatic, severe AS during pregnancy is associated with heart failure and hospitalization. Expansion of TAVR use in the pregnant ACHD patient provided a safer option for both mother and fetus. Multidisciplinary collaboration was key to formulating an individualized plan of care and successful outcome.
ADVERSE CARDIOVASCULAR AND OBSTETRIC DELIVERY COMPLICATIONS FOR AMERICAN INDIAN AND ALASKA NATIVE POPULATIONS; Background American Indian or Alaska Native (AI/AN) populations have a high prevalence of cardiovascular (CV) risk factors; however, the incidence of adverse obstetric (OB) and CV complications during pregnancy has not yet been cohesively examined. We aim to examine adverse outcomes for AI/AN women during delivery hospitalization. Methods We used the 2016-2019 National Inpatient Sample data to compare demographics, comorbidities, and OB and CV complications during delivery hospitalizations. Results Among?>14 million deliveries, 106,033 (1.4 %) were among NA/AI women. Compared to their White counterparts, NA/AI women had greater prevalence of multiple cardiovascular comorbidities including pre-existing diabetes (2.2% vs 0.8%) and obesity (12.3% vs 8.1%), as well as adverse pregnancy outcomes including gestational diabetes (10.7% vs 6.7%), preeclampsia (7.1% vs 5.1%), peripartum cardiomyopathy (0.1% vs <0.01%), placental hemorrhage (6.3% vs 3.8%), and preterm delivery (5.3% vs 3.9%). NA/AI women also had greater incidence of cardiovascular complications including acute renal failure (0.1% vs <0.1%) and acute congestive heart failure (0.2% vs <0.1%) (Table). Conclusion AI/AN women had greater underlying CV comorbidities and both OB and CV complications at delivery. These women may benefit from specialized care from a Cardio-OB team. Table 1: Cardiovascular Comorbidities and Obstetric Delivery Complications [Formula presented]
Contemporary pregnancy outcomes for women with moderate and severe congenital heart disease; Background: Women with congenital heart disease (CHD) are surviving into adulthood, with more undergoing pregnancy. Methods: Retrospective review of the Vizient database from 2017–2019 for women 15–44 years old with moderate, severe or no CHD and vaginal delivery or caesarean section. Demographics, hospital outcomes and costs were compared. Results: There were 2,469,117 admissions: 2,467,589 with no CHD, 1277 with moderate and 251 with severe CHD. Both CHD groups were younger than no CHD, there were fewer white race/ethnicity in the no CHD group and more women with Medicare in both CHD groups compared to no CHD. With increasing CHD severity there was an increase in length of stay, ICU admission rates and costs. There were also higher rates of complications, mortality and caesarean section in the CHD groups. Conclusion: Pregnant women with CHD have more problematic pregnancies and understanding this impact is important to improve management and decrease healthcare utilization.
High prevalence of reduced fertility and use of assisted reproductive technology in a German cohort of patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy; Background: Over the past decades the use of assisted reproduction technology (ART) increased worldwide. ARTs are associated with an elevated risk for cardiovascular complications. However, a potential relation between subfertility/ARTs and the heart disease peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) has not been systematically analyzed yet. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was carried out, including n = 111 PPCM patients from the German PPCM registry. Data from PPCM patients were compared to those from postpartum women in the German general population. Results: The prevalence of reported subfertility was high among PPCM patients (30%; 33/111). Most of the subfertile PPCM patients (55%; 18/33) obtained vitro fertilizations (IVF) or intracytoplasmic sperm injections (ICSI). PPCM patients were older (p < 0.0001), the percentage of born infants conceived by IVF/ICSI was higher (p < 0.0001) with a higher multiple birth (p < 0.0001), C-section (p < 0.0001) and preeclampsia rate (p < 0.0001), compared to postpartum women. The cardiac outcome was comparable between subfertile and fertile PPCM patients. Whole exome sequencing in a subset of n = 15 subfertile PPCM patients revealed that 33% (5/15) carried pathogenic or likely pathogenic gene variants associated with cardiomyopathies and/or cancer predisposition syndrome. Conclusions: Subfertility occurred frequently among PPCM patients and was associated with increased age, hormonal disorders, higher twin pregnancy rate and high prevalence of pathogenic gene variants suggesting a causal relationship between subfertility and PPCM. Although this study found no evidence that the ART treatment per se increases the risk for PPCM or the risk for an adverse outcome, women with subfertility should be closely monitored for signs of peripartum heart failure. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Associations between plasma sulfur amino acids and specific fat depots in two independent cohorts: CODAM and The Maastricht Study; Purpose: Sulfur amino acids (SAAs) have been associated with obesity and obesity-related metabolic diseases. We investigated whether plasma SAAs (methionine, total cysteine (tCys), total homocysteine, cystathionine and total glutathione) are related to specific fat depots. Methods: We examined cross-sectional subsets from the CODAM cohort (n = 470, 61.3% men, median [IQR]: 67 [61, 71] years) and The Maastricht Study (DMS; n = 371, 53.4% men, 63 [55, 68] years), enriched with (pre)diabetic individuals. SAAs were measured in fasting EDTA plasma with LC–MS/MS. Outcomes comprised BMI, skinfolds, waist circumference (WC), dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (DXA, DMS), body composition, abdominal subcutaneous and visceral adipose tissues (CODAM: ultrasound, DMS: MRI) and liver fat (estimated, in CODAM, or MRI-derived, in DMS, liver fat percentage and fatty liver disease). Associations were examined with linear or logistic regressions adjusted for relevant confounders with z-standardized primary exposures and outcomes. Results: Methionine was associated with all measures of liver fat, e.g., fatty liver disease [CODAM: OR = 1.49 (95% CI 1.19, 1.88); DMS: OR = 1.51 (1.09, 2.14)], but not with other fat depots. tCys was associated with overall obesity, e.g., BMI [CODAM: β = 0.19 (0.09, 0.28); DMS: β = 0.24 (0.14, 0.34)]; peripheral adiposity, e.g., biceps and triceps skinfolds [CODAM: β = 0.15 (0.08, 0.23); DMS: β = 0.20 (0.12, 0.29)]; and central adiposity, e.g., WC [CODAM: β = 0.16 (0.08, 0.25); DMS: β = 0.17 (0.08, 0.27)]. Associations of tCys with VAT and liver fat were inconsistent. Other SAAs were not associated with body fat. Conclusion: Plasma concentrations of methionine and tCys showed distinct associations with different fat depots, with similar strengths in the two cohorts.
Obstetric Care Consensus #11, Pregnancy at age 35 years or older; Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data from 2020 demonstrate the continued upward trend in the mean age of pregnant individuals in the United States. Observational studies demonstrate that pregnancy in older individuals is associated with increased risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes—for both the pregnant patient and the fetus—that might differ from those found in younger pregnant populations, even in healthy individuals with no other comorbidities. There are several studies that suggest that advancing age at the time of pregnancy is associated with greater disparities in severe maternal morbidity and mortality. This document seeks to provide evidence-based clinical recommendations for minimizing adverse outcomes associated with pregnancy with anticipated delivery at an advanced maternal age. The importance and benefits of accessible health care from prepregnancy through postpartum care for all pregnant individuals cannot be overstated. However, this document focuses on and addresses the unique differences in pregnancy-related care for women and all those seeking obstetrical care with anticipated delivery at the age of 35 years or older within the framework of routine pregnancy care. This Obstetric Care Consensus document was developed using an a priori protocol in conjunction with the authors listed above.
Disparities in surgical health service delivery and outcomes for indigenous children; Background: Evidence of health disparities for Indigenous children requiring surgical care is lacking. We present a systematic review of the literature examining possible disparities in surgical care and outcomes for pediatric patients of Indigenous ethnicity. Data sources: PubMed, Cochrane, MEDLINE, gray literature. Methods: Literature review, using PubMed, Cochrane, MEDLINE, and gray literature was conducted to identify articles published more than 2010–2020 examining children's surgical health service delivery (epidemiology, access, operations provided) and outcomes for pediatric patients of Indigenous ethnicity compared with others. Extracted data included study design, setting, participant race/ethnicity, operations examined, and surgical outcomes. Article quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scales. Results: From 411 abstracts, 125 articles were reviewed and 33 included for data abstraction. These were cohort and cross-sectional studies investigating a wide range of patient populations and procedures across the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand. Articles were organized naturally by theme into birth malformations (15 articles), trauma (6 articles), pediatric general surgery/appendicitis (5 articles), pediatric otolaryngology (6 articles), and renal transplant (1 article) surgery. Four articles also described access and resource utilization related to inpatient care. Notable disparities observed included apparent increased prevalence of gastroschisis, rates of traumatic fatality, non accidental injury, and self harm among North American Indigenous children. Conclusions: Indigenous children appear to be vulnerable to a number of health and treatment outcome disparities related to conditions treated by surgeons. Surgeons are thus uniquely poised to act in identifying and eliminating Indigenous ethnicity-based pediatric health disparities.
First case of neonatal fungemia caused by Aureobasidium melanogenum; Aureobasidium melanogenum is a saprophytic, dematiaceous, yeast-like fungus rarely implicated in human infections. Here, we report the first case of A. melanogenum fungemia in a 30-week-old preterm, very low birth weight neonate born to a primigravida with history of gestational diabetes, pregnancy induced hypertension and oligohydramnios. The baby developed respiratory distress, hypotension, bradycardia, coagulopathy and septic shock shortly after birth, and eventually succumbed to multiple organ dysfunction syndrome on day 9 of life. Paired blood culture showed growth of a dematiaceous yeast-like fungus which was identified as A. melanogenum by rDNA internal transcribed spacer (ITS) sequencing. Antifungal susceptibility testing of the isolate showed high minimum inhibitory concentration of fluconazole (32 µg/mL), indicating resistance. Diagnosis of A. melanogenum fungemia is difficult as it is easily confused with Candida species in Gram stained smears and similar colony morphology during the initial stages of growth. Also, the conventional diagnostic methods, such as VITEK 2 and MALDI-TOF MS are unreliable for identification of this pathogen. Accurate identification using molecular techniques is crucial for making treatment decisions as A. melanogenum shows substantial antifungal resistance. Clinicians should be aware that yeast-like cells in blood culture are not only indicative of Candida species, but also rare pathogens like A. melanogenum and should exercise caution while starting fluconazole therapy. At present, there are no established susceptibility breakpoints for Aureobasidium spp. Further studies are needed to determine the optimal treatment for such infections.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with sickle cell disease in California; Adverse pregnancy outcomes occur frequently in women with sickle cell disease (SCD) across the globe. In the United States, Black women experience disproportionately worse maternal health outcomes than all other racial groups. To better understand how social determinants of health impact SCD maternal morbidity, we used California's Department of Health Care Access and Information data (1991–2019) to estimate the cumulative incidence of pregnancy outcomes in Black women with and without SCD—adjusted for age, insurance status, and Distressed Community Index (DCI) scores. Black pregnant women with SCD were more likely to deliver at a younger age, use government insurance, and live in at-risk or distressed neighborhoods, compared to those without SCD. They also experienced higher stillbirths (26.8, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 17.5–36.1 vs. 12.4 [CI: 12.1–12.7], per 1000 births) and inpatient maternal mortality (344.5 [CI: 337.6–682.2] vs. 6.1 [CI: 2.3–8.4], per 100 000 live births). Multivariate logistic regression models showed Black pregnant women with SCD had significantly higher odds ratios (OR) for sepsis (OR 14.89, CI: 10.81, 20.52), venous thromboembolism (OR 13.60, CI: 9.16, 20.20), and postpartum hemorrhage (OR 2.25, CI 1.79–2.82), with peak onset in the second trimester, third trimester, and six weeks postpartum, respectively. Despite adjusting for sociodemographic factors, Black women with SCD still experienced significantly worse pregnancy outcomes than those without SCD. We need additional studies to determine if early introduction to reproductive health education, continuation of SCD-modifying therapies during pregnancy, and increasing access to multidisciplinary perinatal care can reduce morbidity in pregnant women with SCD.
Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 levels of infants of diabetic mothers are correlated with diastolic dysfunction detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography; Tissue Doppler echocardiography (TDI) is a convenient method to detect cardiac dysfunction in the infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Umbilical cord serum insulin-like growth factor-1 (IGF-1) is known to be higher in IDMs. We aimed to determine whether there is a relation between diastolic functions examined by TDI and cord serum IGF-1 levels of IDMs. Cord serum IGF-1 levels of 32 IDMs and 22 healthy infants were measured. The cardiac functions of the infants were evaluated by M-Mode and TDI. For statistical analysis, Mann–Whitney U and Spearman correlation tests were used for continuous variables, and the chi-square test was used for categorical variables. The cord serum IGF-1 levels of the IDMs were higher (p = 0.000). The left ventricle (LV) e', LVa', LV e'/a', and LV Tei index, indicating left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in IDMs, were detected (LV e' p = 0.016; LV a' p = 0.003; LV e'/ a' p = 0.000; LV Tei index p = 0.023). IDMs’ cord serum IGF-1 levels were found weakly correlated with the interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (LVPW) thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' in TDI (IVS r = 0.357, p = 0.008; LVPW r = 0.289, p = 0.034; LV e' r = 0.297, p = 0.029; LV e'/ a' r = 0.031, p = 0.014). Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI. A weak correlation was found between IGF-1 levels and IVS and LVPW thicknesses in M-Mode and LV e' and LV e'/a' parameters in TDI, revealing diastolic dysfunction in IDMs.What is Known:• The umbilical cord blood serum IGF-1 level of IDMs is higher than in infants of healthy mothers.• Diastolic dysfunction is a well-studied and frequently observed consequence in IDMs.What is New:• This is the first study to examine the relationship between cord serum IGF-1 levels and diastolic functions of IDMs assessed by TDI.• A weak correlation was detected between the median cord serum IGF-1 level of IDMs and the median values of IVS, LVPW, LV e', LV a', LV e'/a' ratio.
Fetal Risks and Morbidity in Pregnant Individuals with Obesity; Purpose of Review: To provide an up-to-date summary on the fetal risks associated with maternal obesity, specifically the risks of fetal anomalies, abnormal fetal growth, and stillbirth. Recent Findings: With the emerging data on fetal outcomes in individuals with the highest class of obesity, there is growing evidence that for many fetal adverse outcomes, there is a direct relationship between increasing maternal obesity class and the severity of the fetal outcome. Summary: Maternal obesity is associated with an increased risk of various fetal anomalies including fetal congenital cardiac disease, although there is a decreased risk of fetal gastroschisis. There is also an increased risk of both fetal macrosomia and fetal growth restriction in individuals with obesity. There is an approximately twofold increase in the risk of stillbirth in individuals with obesity. For many of these fetal risks, there is dose-response relationship between obesity class and severity of the fetal outcome. Fetal aneuploidy and sonographic screening strategies can be more challenging in individuals with obesity, which may contribute to under-detection and increased neonatal morbidity. At this time, prevention of these fetal risks is focused on prenatal weight optimization.
Resuscitation with Intact Cord Versus Clamped Cord in Late Preterm and Term Neonates: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: To compare the effect of intact cord versus clamped cord resuscitation on the physiologic transition of neonates receiving positive-pressure ventilation (PPV) at birth. Study design: This open-label, parallel-group, randomized controlled superiority trial was conducted in a tertiary care hospital in India. Neonates born at ≥34 weeks of gestation after a complicated pregnancy or labor were randomized just before birth to receive resuscitation according to the Neonatal Resuscitation Program algorithm with either an intact cord (intact cord resuscitation group) or after early cord clamping (early cord clamping resuscitation group). The allocated study intervention was administered if the neonate needed PPV at birth. The primary outcome was expanded Apgar score at 5 minutes after birth. Results: Birth weight, gestational age, and the incidence of pregnancy complications were similar in the 2 study groups. The proportion of neonates who received PPV was lower in the intact cord resuscitation group (28.7% vs 36.5%, P = .05; relative risk, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.61-1.01). Among neonates who received PPV, the expanded Apgar score at 5 minutes was significantly higher in the intact cord resuscitation group (median, 15 [IQR, 14-15] vs 14 [IQR, 13-15]; P < .001). The expanded Apgar score at 10 minutes, Apgar scores at 5 and 10 minutes, and oxygen saturation at 1, 5, and 10 minutes were also higher in the intact cord resuscitation group. Conclusion: In late preterm and term neonates, resuscitation with an intact cord results in better postnatal physiologic transition than the standard practice of resuscitation after immediate cord clamping. Trial registration: Clinical Trial Registry of India (www.ctri.nic.in); trial registration no. CTRI/2020/02/023379.
Reproductive health after thoracic transplantation: An ISHLT expert consensus statement; Pregnancy after thoracic organ transplantation is feasible for select individuals but requires multidisciplinary subspecialty care. Key components for a successful pregnancy after lung or heart transplantation include preconception and contraceptive planning, thorough risk stratification, optimization of maternal comorbidities and fetal health through careful monitoring, and open communication with shared decision-making. The goal of this consensus statement is to summarize the current evidence and provide guidance surrounding preconception counseling, patient risk assessment, medical management, maternal and fetal outcomes, obstetric management, and pharmacologic considerations.
Nutritional Health Knowledge and Literacy among Pregnant Women in the Czech Republic: Analytical Cross-Sectional Study; Adequate nutrition and the nutritional status of pregnant women are critical for the health of both the mother and the developing foetus. Research has shown a significant impact of nutrition on the child’s health and the future risk of developing chronic noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. There is currently no data on the level of nutritional knowledge of Czech pregnant women. This survey aimed to evaluate their level of nutritional knowledge and literacy. An analytical cross-sectional study was conducted in two healthcare facilities in Prague and Pilsen between April and June 2022. An anonymous self-administered paper-form questionnaire for assessing the level of nutritional knowledge (40 items) and the Likert scale for assessing nutrition literacy (5 items) were used. A total number of 401 women completed the questionnaire. An individual’s nutritional knowledge score was calculated and compared with demographic and anamnestic characteristics using statistical methods. The results showed that only 5% of women achieved an overall nutritional score of 80% or more. University education (p < 0.001), living in the capital city (p < 0.001), experiencing first pregnancy (p = 0.041), having normal weight and being overweight (p = 0.024), and having NCDs (p = 0.044) were statistically significantly associated with a higher nutritional knowledge score. The lowest knowledge scores were found in the areas of optimal energy intake, optimal weight gain, and the role of micronutrients in diet during pregnancy. In conclusion, the study shows limited nutrition knowledge of Czech pregnant women in some areas of nutrition. Increasing nutritional knowledge and nutrition literacy in Czech pregnant women is crucial for supporting their optimal course of pregnancy and the future health of their offspring.
Muscle sympathetic nerve activity during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to quantify the impact of healthy and complex pregnancy on muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) at rest, and in response to stress. Structured searches of electronic databases were performed until February 23, 2022. All study designs (except reviews) were included: population (pregnant individuals); exposures (healthy and complicated pregnancy with direct measures of MSNA); comparator (individuals who were not pregnant, or with uncomplicated pregnancy); and outcomes (MSNA, BP, and heart rate). Twenty-seven studies (N = 807) were included. MSNA burst frequency was higher in pregnancy (n = 201) versus non-pregnant controls (n = 194) (Mean Differences [MD], MD: 10.6 bursts/min; 95% CI: 7.2, 14.0; I2 = 72%). Accounting for the normative increase in heart rate with gestation, burst incidence was also higher during pregnancy (Pregnant N = 189, non-pregnant N = 173; MD: 11 bpm; 95% CI: 8, 13 bpm; I2 = 47%; p < 0.0001). Meta-regression analyses confirmed that although sympathetic burst frequency and incidence are augmented during pregnancy, this was not significantly associated with gestational age. Compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, individuals with obesity, obstructive sleep apnea, and gestational hypertension exhibited sympathetic hyperactivity, while individuals with gestational diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia did not. Uncomplicated pregnancies exhibited a lesser response to head-up tilt, but an exaggerated sympathetic responsiveness to cold pressor stress compared to non-pregnant individuals. MSNA is higher in pregnant individuals and further increased with some, but not all pregnancy complications. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42022311590.
Evidence of lifestyle interventions in a pregnant population with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes: A systematic review and narrative synthesis; Background: Pregnant people with chronic hypertension, pre-existing diabetes or both are at high risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Lifestyle interventions play an important role in disease management in non-pregnant populations. Aim: To review the existing evidence of randomised controlled trials (RCTs) that examine lifestyle interventions in pregnant people with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes. Methods: A systematic review and narrative synthesis was conducted. Five electronic databases were searched from inception to April 2021 for RCTs evaluating antenatal lifestyle interventions in people with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes with outcomes to include weight or blood pressure change. Results: Nine randomised controlled trials including 7438 pregnant women were eligible. Eight studies were mixed pregnant populations that included women with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes. One study included only pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. Intervention characteristics and procedures varied and targeted diet, physical activity and/or gestational weight. All studies reported weight and one study reported blood pressure change. Outcome data were frequently unavailable for the subset of women of interest, including subgroup data on important pregnancy and birth complications. Eligibility criteria were often ambiguous and baseline data on chronic hypertension was often omitted. Conclusion: A lack of primary interventional trials examining the effect of lifestyle interventions on weight and blood pressure outcomes in pregnant populations with chronic hypertension and/or pre-existing diabetes was evident. Lifestyle modification has the potential to alter disease progression. Future trials should address the ambiguity and frequent exclusion of these important populations.
The role of miRNAs in insulin resistance and diabetic macrovascular complications – A review; Diabetes is the most prevalent metabolic disturbance disease and has been regarded globally as one of the principal causes of mortality. Diabetes is accompanied by several macrovascular complications, including stroke, coronary artery disease (CAD), and cardiomyopathy as a consequence of atherosclerosis. The onset of type 2 diabetes is closely related to insulin resistance (IR). miRNAs have been linked to various metabolic processes, including glucose homeostasis, regulation of lipid metabolism, gluconeogenesis, adipogenesis, glucose transporter type 4 expression, insulin sensitivity, and signaling. Consequently, miRNA dysregulation mediates IR in some target organs, comprising liver, muscle, and adipose tissue. Moreover, miRNAs are crucial in developing diabetes and its associated macrovascular complications through their roles in several signaling pathways implicated in inflammation, apoptosis, cellular survival and migration, the proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells, neurogenesis, angiogenesis, autophagy, oxidative stress, cardiac remodeling, and fibrosis. Therefore, the purpose of this review is to clarify the role of miRNAs in hepatic, muscle, and adipose tissue IR and explain their roles in the pathogenesis of macrovascular diabetic complications, including stroke, CAD, and cardiomyopathy. Also, explain their roles in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Besides, this review discusses the latest updates on the alteration of miRNA expression in diabetic macrovascular complications.
Research Progress on the Construction and Application of a Diabetic Zebrafish Model; Diabetes is a metabolic disease characterized by high blood glucose levels. With economic development and lifestyle changes, the prevalence of diabetes is increasing yearly. Thus, it has become an increasingly serious public health problem in countries around the world. The etiology of diabetes is complex, and its pathogenic mechanisms are not completely clear. The use of diabetic animal models is helpful in the study of the pathogenesis of diabetes and the development of drugs. The emerging vertebrate model of zebrafish has many advantages, such as its small size, large number of eggs, short growth cycle, simple cultivation of adult fish, and effective improvement of experimental efficiency. Thus, this model is highly suitable for research as an animal model of diabetes. This review not only summarizes the advantages of zebrafish as a diabetes model, but also summarizes the construction methods and challenges of zebrafish models of type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, and diabetes complications. This study provides valuable reference information for further study of the pathological mechanisms of diabetes and the research and development of new related therapeutic drugs.
Improving Postpartum and Long-Term Health After an Adverse Pregnancy Outcome: Examining Interventions From a Health Equity Perspective; Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) that affect 15% of pregnancies in the United States. These APOs have long-term health implications, with greater risks of future cardiovascular and chronic disease later in life. In this manuscript, we review the importance of timely postpartum follow-up and transition to primary care after APOs for future disease prevention. We also discuss interventions to improve postpartum follow-up and long-term health after an APO. In recognizing racial and ethnic disparities in APOs and chronic disease, we review important considerations of these interventions through a health equity lens.
Subchorionic Hematoma Association with Pregnancy Complications and Outcomes in the Third Trimester; Introduction: Our objective was to explore the clinical features, pregnancy complications, and outcomes of subchorionic hematomas (SCHs) in the third trimester. Material and methods: This was a retrospective analysis and evaluation of 1112 cases diagnosed with SCHs from January 2014 to December 2020. Comparisons were performed according to the clinical features (e.g., number of pregnancies, parity, gestational weeks, and age), pregnancy complications, and outcomes associated with SCHs. Results: In total, 71.85% (799/1112) of the patients were diagnosed with different pregnancy complications. The overall rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP), premature rupture of membranes (PROM), and IVF were 12.14%, 7.55%, 17.27%, and 10.34%, respectively. The positive rates for newborn outcomes such as premature birth and low birth weight (LBW) were 9.35% and 6.47%, respectively. There was a significant relationship between repeated pregnancies and the incidence of GDM (p < 0.05), but not HDCP, PROM, or IVF. The proportion of SCH patients who conceived through IVF was significantly higher among primiparas than among multiparas (p < 0.05), but was not significantly different in terms of GDM, HDCP, or PROM. Premature birth was not a high-risk factor for most SCH patients with HDCP, IVF, or PROM (p < 0.05), most of whom delivered at term. The rate of cesarean sections for SCH patients with GDM, HDCP, or IVF was significantly higher than that for vaginal deliveries (p < 0.05), but this was not affected by age. Conclusions: The coexistence of SCHs with HDCP, IVF, or PROM lacked an effective predictive value for premature birth, but increased the rate of a cesarean section.
Patterns of immunosuppressive drug use during pregnancy in women with systemic vasculitis: A nationwide population-based cohort study; Objective: Systemic vasculitis (SV) rarely affects women of childbearing age and only small series have been reported to date in pregnant patients. The discovery of an unplanned pregnancy can be an urgent cause for modifying treatments. This study aimed to describe immunosuppressive drugs use before, during and after pregnancy in women with SV. Methods: We conducted a cohort study using the French nationwide claims database. We included all women with SV being pregnant between 2013 and 2018. Exposure of interest was defined as exposure to oral systemic or injectable immunosuppressive drug identified using out-hospital reimbursement data and in-hospital reimbursement for expensive drugs. Results: Of 3,246,454 pregnancies, 649 pregnancies were observed in 606 women with SV. Immunosuppressant and glucocorticoids use decreased before pregnancy and then increased after pregnancy (48.4%, 40.7%, 50.4%, respectively before, during, after). Prevalence of glucocorticoids use was broadly stable during pregnancy from 27.9% to 27.6% and 23.7% in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd trimesters, respectively, with a daily dose of about 5 mg. The number of patients treated with non-recommended immunosuppressant during pregnancy gradually decreased before pregnancy and then increased after delivery, whereas proportion of systemic vasculitis flare, estimated from the glucocorticoids daily dose, did not increase significantly during pregnancy. Conclusion: Immunosuppressants and glucocorticoids use decreased before pregnancy and remained stable throughout, suggesting a vasculitis control during this period. Our findings support the importance of pre-conceptional consultations to review medications, and switch not-recommended and teratogenic medications to drugs considered being safe during pregnancy.
Association of circadian rest-activity rhythms with cardiovascular disease and mortality in type 2 diabetes; Aims: To examine the associations of disrupted circadian rest-activity rhythm (CRAR) with cardiovascular diseases and mortality among people with type 2 diabetes. Methods: A total of 3147 participants with baseline type 2 diabetes (mean age 65.21 years, 39.78% female; mean HbA1c 50.02 mmol/mol) from UK Biobank were included. The following CRAR parameters were derived from acceleration data: interdaily stability (IS), intradaily variability (IV), relative amplitude (RA), most active 10 h period onset (M10 onset), and least active 5 h period onset (L5 onset). We used Cox proportional hazards models to estimate the associations of CRAR with cardiovascular diseases and mortality, adjusting for sociodemographic, lifestyle, and health characteristics. Results: Participants in the lowest quartile of IS and RA exhibited the greatest risk of developing cardiovascular disease (IS, hazard ratio [HR]Q1 vs. Q4 1.40 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.04, 1.88]; RA, HRQ1 vs. Q4 2.45 [95% CI 1.73, 3.49]). However, the association between delayed L5 onset and cardiovascular disease risk did not reach statistical significance. Additionally, we found that high IV and low RA were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Conclusion: Objectively determined CRAR disturbances may increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases and mortality among people with type 2 diabetes.
Breech presentation induction compared to cephalic presentation: Effectiveness and characteristics; Introduction: The objective of our study was to compare the effectiveness of induction in cephalic presentations to that of breech presentations as well as the characteristics of the latter and the maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality. Material and methods: This was a single-center retrospective study carried out at the Lille University Hospital in the Jeanne de Flandre Maternity Hospital including all patients with a breech fetus for whom an induction was indicated beyond 37 weeks of gestation between January 2014 and December 2020. A matching was performed to include 2 cephalic presentations for one breech presentation. The primary outcome was successful induction defined by two things: passage into the active phase (cervical dilatation > 5 cm) and vaginal delivery. Results: 101 inductions of breech presentations were included and matched to 202 cephalic presentations. After adjustment by BISHOP score, there was no significant difference in the caesarean section rate between the two groups (25.7% in cephalic vs 33.7% in breech, OR 0.67 [CI95% 0.38–1.18]) or in the rate of transition to active phase (80.7% in cephalic vs 82.2% in breech, OR 1.26 [CI95% 0.65–2.44]). Post-partum blood loss was not significantly different between the two groups (14.4% in cephalic vs 12.9% in breech, OR 1.22 [CI95% 0.57–2.57]). Moderate neonatal acidosis was more frequent in the breech group (6,4% in cephalic vs 15,8% in breech, OR 3.04 [CI95% 1.38–6.71]). Conclusion: Induction of breech births beyond 37 weeks of gestation appeared to be as effective as induction of cephalic presentations. There was no difference in the rate of caesarean section and transition to active labor. Maternal morbidity was not increased.
Adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes across different advanced maternal ages: A population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: Characterize the risk for adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes among different advanced maternal ages (AMA). Study design: We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample to characterize adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes among different AMA groups. Patients aged 44–45 (n = 19,476), 46–49 (n = 7528) and 50–54 years (n = 1100) were compared to patients aged 38–43 years (n = 499,655). A multivariate logistic regression analysis adjusted for statistically significant confounding variables. Results: With advancing age, rates of chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, thyroid disease and multiple gestation increased (p < 0.001). The adjusted risk of hysterectomy and need for blood transfusion substantially increased with advancing age, reaching up to an almost 5-fold (aOR, 4.75, 95 % CI, 2.76–8.19, p < 0.001) and 3-fold (aOR, 3.06, 95 % CI, 2.31–4.05, p < 0.001) increased risk, respectively, in patients aged 50–54 years. The adjusted risk of maternal death increased 4-fold in patients aged 46–49 years (aOR, 4.03, 95 % CI, 1.23–13.17, p = 0.021). Adjusted risks of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders, including gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, increased by 28–93 % across advancing age groups (p < 0.001). Adjusted neonatal outcomes demonstrated up to a 40 % elevated risk of intrauterine fetal demise in patients aged 46–49 years (aOR, 1.40, 95 % CI, 1.02–1.92, p = 0.04) and a 17 % increased risk of having a small for gestational age neonate in patients aged 44–45 years (aOR, 1.17, 95 % CI, 1.05–1.31, p = 0.004). Conclusions: Pregnancies at AMA are at increased risk for adverse outcomes, particularly for pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders, hysterectomy, blood transfusion, and maternal and fetal mortality. Although comorbidities associated with AMA influence the risk of complications, AMA was demonstrated to be an independent risk factor for major complications, with its impact varying across ages. This data imparts clinicians with the ability to provide more specific counseling to patients of varied AMA. Older patients seeking to conceive must be counseled regarding these risks in order to make well-informed decisions.
Impact of SGLT2 inhibitors on metabolic status in patients with psychiatric disorders undergoing treatment with second‑generation antipsychotics (Review); Metabolic dysfunctions have been reported in patients diagnosed with severe mental illnesses who are undergoing treatment with antipsychotics, especially second‑generation agents. Sodium‑glucose co‑transporter 2 inhibitors (SGLT2Is) and glucagon‑like peptide receptor agonists are new‑generation antidiabetics whose favour‑ able effects in the treatment of diabetes mellitus in the non‑psychiatric population may raise interest in their use in patients presenting with severe mental illnesses and metabolic comorbidities possibly related to the use of antipsychotics. The objectives of this review were to investigate the evidence to support the use of SGLT2Is in this population and to find the most important aspects that need to be addressed by future research. A total of one preclinical trial, two guideline‑format clinical recommendations, one systematic review and one case report were found, and their conclusions were analysed. The results support the following conclusions: i) SGLT2Is may be combined with metformin in selected cases of type 2 diabetes mellitus in the context of antipsychotic treatment, as they have been associated with favourable metabolic effects; and ii) data for the recommendation of SGLT2Is as second‑line treatment in patients with diabetes mellitus who are also treated with olanzapine or clozapine are supported by very limited preclin‑ ical and clinical evidence. Further high‑quality, large‑scale research is needed in the field of the management of metabolic dysfunctions in patients with severe psychiatric illnesses who undergo treatment with second‑generation antipsychotics.
Manually Controlled, Continuous Infusion of Phenylephrine or Norepinephrine for Maintenance of Blood Pressure and Cardiac Output during Spinal Anesthesia for Cesarean Delivery: A Double-Blinded Randomized Study; BACKGROUND: To counteract the vasoplegia induced by spinal anesthesia (SA) and maintain blood pressure (BP) during cesarean delivery, phenylephrine is currently recommended, but norepinephrine might offer superior preservation of cardiac output. We aimed to compare the hemodynamic effects of phenylephrine and norepinephrine administered by manually adjusted continuous infusion during elective cesarean delivery. METHODS: In this pragmatic, parallel-group, double-blind randomized controlled trial, 124 parturients scheduled for elective cesarean delivery under SA in a tertiary maternity in France, between February 2019 and December 2020, were randomized to receive norepinephrine at a starting rate of 0.05 μg·kg-1·min-1(n = 62) or phenylephrine at a starting rate of 0.5 μg·kg-1·min-1(n = 62). In both groups, the vasopressor infusion rate was then manually adjusted to maintain maternal systolic BP above 90% of the baseline value. The primary outcome, the change in cardiac index (CI) measured by thoracic bioreactance from SA to umbilical cord clamping, was analyzed through repeated measures analysis of variance and post hoc t tests. Secondary outcomes included maternal BP and neonatal outcomes. RESULTS: In the norepinephrine group, cardiac index was maintained between 90% and 100% of baseline from SA to umbilical cord clamping, whereas it was maintained at significantly lower values (81%-88%) in the phenylephrine group (P =.001). The percentage of elapsed time with a mean maternal BP <65 mm Hg and with systolic BP <80% of the baseline value was higher in the phenylephrine group: 2.9% (7.3) vs 0.5% (1.8) (absolute risk difference [ARD], -2.4%; 95% confidence interval, -4.4 to -0.5; P =.012) and 8.5% (16.6) vs 2.3% (5.2) (ARD, -6.2%; 95% confidence interval, -10.6 to -1.8; P =.006). Excluding parturients with gestational diabetes, severe neonatal hypoglycemia was more common in the phenylephrine group at 19.6% (9/46) vs 4.1% (2/49) (P =.02). The other neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: When administered by manually adjusted infusion during SA for cesarean delivery, norepinephrine was associated with a higher CI; both infusions were effective for maintaining BP.
IDF2022-0499 The association between maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and post-partum hypertension; Background There is little real-world data examining the association of maternal glucose levels in pregnancy and development of hypertension (HTN) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Aim We aimed to assess the relationship between gestational diabetes screening test results and the development of HTN and CVD. Method This population level, retrospective cohort study examined females aged 12–54 years with singleton pregnancies completed at ≥29 weeks of gestation from 1 Oct 2008 to 1 Dec 2018, followed until 31 Mar 2019 in Alberta, Canada (population ~4.2 million). Females were stratified by glucose levels in the 50-g glucose challenge test (GCT) as well as by 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) subtypes (normal OGTT, elevated fasting plasma glucose only (EF), elevated post-load glucose only (EPL), or elevation in both fasting and post-load glucose (combined)). Primary outcome was development of HTN >120 days postpartum, secondary outcome was development of CVD. Time to development of HTN was modelled using Cox proportional hazard models. Results Of 313,361 females, 231,008 (79.1%) underwent a GCT only while 60,909 (20.9%) underwent either OGTT only or both. 9,580 (3.1%) developed HTN and 2,824 (0.9%) developed CVD over a median follow-up of 5.7 years. Every 1 mmol/L increase in glucose in the GCT increased risk of subsequent HTN by 15%, adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI): 1.15 (1.14, 1.16), respectively. Among those who underwent the OGTT, the combined group conferred the highest risk of subsequent HTN, followed by the EF group, then the EPL group (reference: GCT≤7.1 mmol/L, aHR (95%CI): EPL 1.83 (1.68, 2.00); EF 2.02 (1.70, 2.40); Combined 2.65 (2.33, 3.01)) (Figure 1). [Formula presented] Conclusion Increased maternal glucose levels in pregnancy are associated with increased risk of post-partum HTN. CVD rates remained low, which was reassuring given the duration of follow up. These findings may help identify higher-risk females who should be targeted for earlier postpartum cardiovascular risk reduction.
IDF2022-1173 Various combinations of gestational diabetes and gestation hypertension in two pregnancies and associations with CVD; Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) are risk indicators for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women [1,2]. Current evidence forces ‘ever GDM/never GDM’ and ‘ever GH/never GH’ dichotomies when incorporating pregnancy histories into CVD risk assessment. Aim We are examining GDM and GH history across two singleton pregnancies in relationship to the development of myocardial infarction, stroke, and hospitalized angina. Method Retrospective cohort study in Quebec, Canada. Administrative data includes International Disease Classification-coded outpatient and inpatient diagnoses. Birth registry includes offspring sex, gestational age, birth weight, and maternal and paternal countries of birth and languages spoken. We are analyzing data from women with two consecutive singleton deliveries from April 1990 to December 2012, with follow-up data to April 2019. We are examining associations between all possible combinations of GDM and GH across two pregnancies (16 categories) using multivariable Cox regression models. The reference group is mothers without GDM or GH in either pregnancy. Confidentiality rules in Quebec require rounded values for frequency measures with rounding at the unit level only at time of submission for final publication. We present here approximate values for frequencies and overall trends observed. We will provide more specific values at the time of presentation. Results Among over 430,000 mothers, over 4,000 CVD events occurred. The highest hazards for CVD occurred in those with both GDM and GH in both pregnancies, with a hazard ratio of greater than 4. Various combinations of 3 diagnoses of GDM and/or GH across two pregnancies were associated with hazard ratios that ranged between 2.5 and 3.8. With two diagnoses of GDM and/or GH, there was an approximately a 2-fold increase in CVD hazards. With a single diagnosis of GDM or GH, the increase in hazards ranged between 40 and 60%. Conclusion The cumulative number of GDM and GH diagnoses across two singleton pregnancies can provide more precise estimates of CVD hazards than simple dichotomies of ever/never GDM or GH.
Development of delayed thyroid stimulating hormone elevation in small-for-gestational-age infants: is a second screening needed?; Purpose: Recent reports indicate that small for gestational age (SGA) could be a risk factor for delayed thyroid stimulating hormone (dTSH) elevation in preterm infants. The development of dTSH elevation in SGA late-preterm infants with a gestational age of 34–36 weeks has been investigated in only a few studies. Methods: In the present retrospective study, 70 SGA infants and 86 sex-and gestational age-matched controls who presented with normal results on initial thyroid function testing were included. Results: SGA infants had a significantly higher prevalence of dTSH elevation (15.7% vs. 3.5%, P=0.009) compared with appropriate-for-gestational age infants. In SGA infants, the mean age at the time of dTSH was 24 days. Development of dTSH was associated with SGA and medical treatment with dopamine or furosemide. After adjusting for confounding factors, multiple logistic regression analysis showed SGA was a significant risk factor for the development of dTSH elevation (odds ratio, 23.2; 95% confidence interval, 2.27–236.91; P=0.008). Conclusion: SGA infants may be at risk for dTSH and clinicians could consider a second thyroid screening test around the age of 1 month.
Rubrometabolic Syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a conglomeration of several conditions including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), insulin resistance, elevated blood pressure, and dyslipidemia is reaching epidemic proportions. Anemia is caused by iron deficiency or dysregulation of iron homeostasis, leading to tissue hypoxia. Coexistence of anemia and MS or its components has been reported in the literature. The term "rubrometabolic syndrome"acts as a unifying entity linking the importance of blood in health and anemia in MS; it justifies two principles - redness of blood and low-grade inflammation. Chronic low-grade inflammation in MS affects iron metabolism leading to anemia. Tissue hypoxia that results from the anemic condition seems to be a major causative factor for the exacerbation of several microvascular and macrovascular components of T2DM, which include diabetic neuropathy, nephropathy, retinopathy, and cardiovascular complications. In obesity, anemia leads to malabsorption of micronutrients and can complicate the management of the condition by bariatric surgery. Anemia interferes with the diagnosis and management of T2DM, obesity, dyslipidemia, or hypertension due to its effect on pathological tests as well as medications. Since anemia in MS is multifaceted, the management of anemia is challenging as overcorrection of anemia with erythropoietin-stimulating agents can cause detrimental effects. These limitations necessitate availability of an effective and safe therapy that can maintain and elevate the hemoglobin levels along with maintaining the physiological balance of other systems. This review discusses the physiological links between anemia and MS along with diagnosis and management strategies in patients with coexistence of anemia and MS.
The Impact of Maternal Preeclampsia and Hyperglycemia on the Cardiovascular Health of the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Objectives The objective of this review was to assess the impact of maternal preeclampsia or hyperglycemia on the body composition and cardiovascular health in the offspring. Study Design We conducted a systematic review utilizing PubMed, EBSCO, CINAHLPlus, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science to include all studies assessing the impact of preeclampsia/eclampsia and/or gestational/pregestational diabetes mellitus on the health of the offspring (children <10 years of age). The health measures included anthropometry, cardiac dimensions and function, and vascular function. We performed a meta-analysis using Review Manager software and computed net risk ratio (RR) with 95% confidence interval (CI) for dichotomous data and mean difference (MD) with 95% CI for continuous data. Results There were 6,376 studies in total, of which 45 were included in the review and 40 in the meta-analysis. The results demonstrated higher birth weight (MD: 0.12 kg; 95% CI: 0.06-0.18) and systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP; MD: 5.98 mm Hg; 95% CI: 5.64-6.32 and MD: 3.27 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.65-5.89, respectively) in the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to controls. In contrast, the offspring of mothers with preeclampsia had lower birth weight (MD: -0.41 kg; 95% CI: -0.7 to -0.11); however, they had increased systolic (MD: 2.2 mm Hg; 95% CI: 1.28-3.12) and diastolic BP (MD: 1.41 mm Hg; 95% CI: 0.3-2.52) compared to controls. There is lack of data to conduct a meta-analysis of cardiac morphology, functional, and vascular imaging parameters. Conclusion These findings suggest that the in-utero milieu can have a permanent impact on the body composition and vascular health of the offspring. Future work warrants multicenter prospective studies to understand the mechanism and the actual effect of exposure to maternal hyperglycemia and high BP on the cardiovascular health of the offspring and long-term outcomes. Key Points Adverse in-utero exposures may have an impact on cardiovascular risk in children. Maternal hyperglycemia/preeclampsia lead to changes in birthweight and BP. Limited echocardiographic and vascular imaging data in these cohorts necessitates future work.
Vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVES: To examine the vascular phenotype at 35-37 weeks' gestation of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and compare it to that in women without GDM, using ophthalmic artery Doppler and carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study of women attending for a routine hospital visit at 35 + 0 to 37 + 6 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, ophthalmic artery Doppler for calculation of the peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio and assessment of cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central systolic and diastolic blood pressure, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and augmentation index. All measurements were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared with those in the non-GDM group. RESULTS: The study population of 2018 pregnancies contained 218 (10.8%) that developed GDM, including 78 (35.8%) that were treated with diet alone, 81 (37.2%) treated with metformin and 59 (27.1%) treated with insulin with or without metformin. In the GDM group, compared with the non-GDM group, there were significantly higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio, carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity and central systolic blood pressure, but there was no significant difference in cardiac output, stroke volume, total peripheral resistance, central diastolic blood pressure or augmentation index. In the GDM group, women treated with metformin or insulin had a higher ophthalmic artery PSV ratio compared with those treated with diet alone. Additionally, compared with the diet group, the metformin group had higher central systolic blood pressure and the insulin group had a higher carotid-femoral pulse-wave velocity. CONCLUSION: Women with GDM have evidence of early vascular disease, and this may contribute to their long-term cardiovascular risk. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Follow-up and screening for type-2 diabetes mellitus in women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) that is possible to prevent by systematic follow-up and preventive measures. The aim of this study was to examine whether women with previous GDM were offered follow-up in primary care, according to Swedish national guidelines. DESIGN: Retrospective review of electronic medical records. SETTING: Primary care in southern Sweden, Skåne county. SUBJECTS: Women who received a GDM diagnosis in 2018 at the Endocrinology department, Skåne University Hospital in Lund. The study population consisted of a total number of 161 patients, whereof 83 patients were included. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Whether primary care offered follow-up for T2DM after GDM and if any communication took place between secondary and primary care. Furthermore, it was examined whether the quality of the follow-up was in accordance with the national guidelines. RESULTS: Of the study population, a total of 29% (n = 24) had been followed-up by primary care. In 55% (n = 46) of the cases, there was no communication between secondary and primary care. Plasma glucose was checked in all (n = 20) cases where follow-up could be evaluated. Conversations about lifestyle habits took place in 70% (n = 14) of the cases. Weight and risk factors for cardiovascular disease were controlled in less than half (n = 9) of the patients. Lifestyle advice was offered in two cases and in 24% (n = 20) of the cases an annual check-up was planned. CONCLUSIONS: The follow-up of women with previous GDM in primary care in southern Sweden was lacking in seven out of 10 cases and showed great potential for improvement.Key PointsGestational diabetes is an established risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes.Earlier research has recognized that risk reduction is possible by systematic follow-up and preventive measures, but the extent of follow-up in primary care in southern Sweden remains unknown.This study demonstrates a lack of follow-up according to national guidelines for women with previous gestational diabetes in primary care in southern Sweden.There is great potential to improve the care of these patients with relatively simple means.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcomes in Recurrent Gestational Diabetes (rGDM) - Implications for Screening, Monitoring and Management; Background & Purpose: GDM is a common metabolic disorder[1], characterized by pregnancy-induced dysregulation of glucose homeostasis feedback systems[2]. Mothers with GDM have a 30-40% rGDM rate[3] and a 40-60% increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the following 10 years[4, 5]. Increasingly, it is thought that GDM can induce stable epigenetic modifications in the offspring, and therefore a lifelong increased risk of cardiometabolic disorders[6, 7]. Prompt identification and treatment of GDM may modify these risks. However, debate remains as to the optimum rGDM screening method. In our unit, we offer all women early blood glucose monitoring (eBGM) in subsequent pregnancies, and so undertook a retrospective study on maternal and perinatal outcomes in our cohort. Methods: Single-centre retrospective observational study including women with rGDM delivering from 29/02/2020 to 24/05/2021. Antecedent pregnancy data included those whom delivered from 22/4/ 14 to 03/10/20. Women were identified and data obtained for statistical analysis through online maternity databases. Results: 51 women with rGDM were identified from the dataset, encompassing 109 pregnancies. There were no statistically significant differences in booking BMI, HbA1c at diagnosis, rates of induction of labour, or birth weight in subsequent pregnancies. Though requirement for pharmacological management became more likely as GDM recurred (p=0.037), rates of maternal and perinatal complications decreased (P= 0.007, P=0.02, respectively). Conclusion: The decreasing rate of maternal and perinatal complications observed may be attributed to increased rates of pharmacological management of GDM in the context of a stable BMI across pregnancies. We hypothesise that by screening and treating women earlier, we reduce the impact of metabolic dysregulation and therefore adverse health outcomes for mothers and their offspring [8]. We intend to undertake a randomized study of eBGM compared to later screening tests, such that we can ascertain how we may best improve metabolic health for women and their children.
ISOM/NASOM 2022 Abstracts; The proceedings contain 45 papers. The topics discussed include: collaborating with cardiac services when treating parturients with complex cardiac disease. creating a standard of practice; impact of pregnancy-related acute kidney injury on maternal and fetal outcomes in high dependency unit admissions in the United Kingdom; management of the pregnant and post-partum patient on the acute medical ward: a retrospective audit; national time trends in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in Denmark and Canada, 2005-2018 - a path towards poorer cardiometabolic health?; patient perspectives on lifestyle intervention programs after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a qualitative study; a case of spontaneous hemoperitoneum in pregnancy; a congenital conundrum: chondrodysplasia punctata in maternal mixed connective tissue disease; and successful management of idiopathic granulomatous mastitis in pregnancy and lactation with prednisone and azathioprine.
Placental Fatty Acid Transport and Metabolism in a Rat Model of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common maternal condition associated with a higher incidence of hypertensive disorders, lipid metabolic abnormalities and puerperal infection. In addition, GDM signifcantly increases the risks of excess fat accretion, obesity and glucose intolerance in ofspring. Although GDM is known to alter glucose metabolism, little is known about lipid metabolism. This study aims to test whether insulin resistance (i.e., reduced insulin receptor signaling), the key feature and main cause of GDM, alters maternal blood pressure and placental n-6 and n-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LCPUFA) metabolism and transport. Further, the molecula basis of these alterations was assessed by examining the placental expression of genes of fatty acid oxidation and transport. A novel rat model of GDM generated by administration of an insulin receptor antagonist to pregnant rats was used for this study. Methods: Pregnant Sprague Dawley rats were administered with S961, an insulin receptor antagonist (30 nmol/kg s.c. daily), or vehicle from gestational day (GD) 7 to 20. Daily maternal body weight, food, and water intake were measured. Blood pressure assessment and glucose tolerance test were done on GD 20. Placenta and fetal plasma were collected on GD 20 and processed for measurement of LCPUFA using LC-mass spectrometry. Assessment of expression of genes related to lipid metabolism and transport was done in the placenta using RT2 Profiler PCR arrays. Results: Blockade of insulin action with S961 in pregnant rats signifcantly increased maternal blood pressure and heart rate. S961 treatment did not alter maternal body weight gain and food and water intake but induced glucose intolerance with signifcant increases in fasting glucose and insulin levels. The placenta concentrations of n3 and n6 LCPUFA were signifcantly decreased by 6% and 13%, respectively, while their fetal plasma levels were signifcantly increased by 15% and 5% in rats with blockade of insulin action. Placental expression of genes related to fatty acid β-oxidation (medium-chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase, Acyl-CoA Thioesterase 2, Acyl-CoA Synthetase Bubblegum Family Member 1, and Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase 1B) and transport (fatty acid binding protein 3 and Solute Carrier Family 27 Member 3) were signifcantly upregulated in S961 treated rats. Conclusion: In summary, this study indicates that insulin resistance during pregnancy induces hypertension and impairment of placental metabolism with increased β-oxidation and transplacental transport of n3 and n6 LCPUFA to the fetus. The increased transplacental transport of fatty acids to the fetus could contribute to fetal fat accretion and metabolic dysfunction in the ofspring.
Effects of Adverse Childhood Experiences on Perinatal Outcomes in Patients with Cardiac Disease: A Pilot Study; Introduction: Little is known on how Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACE) afect pregnancy and perinatal outcomes. This is particulaly crucial for pregnant patients with cardiac disease, in whom addressing stressors and decreasing heart strain is essential for improved outcomes. Therefore, we sought to characterize perinatal outcomes in patients with cardiac disease and ACEs. Methods: This was a prospective cohort of pregnant patients with cardiac disease who delivered at a single institution between 2012-2022. Perinatal data from their first recorded pregnancy were abstracted from medical records. Validated ACE questionnaires, which include categories in the realms of abuse, neglect and household dysfunction before the age of 18, were sent. ACE scores were compared to perinatal outcomes including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes (GDM), fetal growth restriction (FGR), intrauterine fetal death (IUFD), preterm delivery, APGAR score and birthweight. Logistic and linear regression models were used to quantify odds ratios for categorical and continuous outcomes respectively. Regressions were adjusted for body mass index (BMI), a potential confounder. A p value of <0.05 was statistically signifcant. Results: Out of 326 patients who met inclusion criteria, 82 completed the ACE questionnaire. Of those, 50% reported experiencing ACEs. Demographics, prior medical history and baseline cardiac disease severity by modifIed WHO were similar in patients with and without ACEs (Table 1). After adjusting for BMI, for each additional ACE, there was an increased odds of FGR (aOR: 1.36; CI: 1.01-1.86; P=0.04) (Table 2). Moreover, there was one IUFD in a patient who reported ACEs. Conclusion: In our study, 50% of cardiac patients experienced an ACE, less than the national average of two-thirds. Greater number of ACEs was associated with FGR. This study brings to light the need for further research on large populations to uncover the true impact of ACEs on pregnancies in cardiac patients. [Figure Presented].
Effect of Vitamin B12 on the Cell Turnover of Cultured Villous Explants; Introduction: Vitamin B12 defciency in early pregnancy is related to adverse lipid profile and metabolic disorders such as fetal growth restriction, low fetal weight and preterm birth, and obesity, dyslipidemia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the mothers. Previous studies suggest potential effects of B12 defciency on placental development and function which could lead to impaired fetal growth. However, the direct effects of B12 on trophoblast is unknown. This study aimed to explore the effect of defcient or sufcient B12 on trophoblast turnover and endocrine function. Methods: Villous explants (n=10) from uncomplicated pregnancies were treated with Control (B12-500nM) or low B12 (25pM) concentration and cultured for 7 days under 21% O2. Conditioned culture medium was collected at day 4 and day 7 when the placental explants were harvested for whole protein measurement or immunochemistry staining. Human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) secretion and human placental lactogen (hPL) secretion were measured in the conditioned culture medium by ELISA to assess syncytiotrophoblast differentiation, and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) release was determined to assess necrosis. Immunohistochemical staining of Ki67 and M30 was performed to measure the number of cells in cycle and apoptotic cells. Results: hCG secretion was comparable between B12 defcient and sufcient group at both time points day 4 and day 7. The secretion of hPL decreased signifcantly from day 4 to day 7 in both treatment groups (day 4 vs day 7: Control, median ± IQR, 89.23±43.38 vs 63.55±25.00, (P=0.002), low B12, median ± IQR, 117.9±84.67 vs 71.91±58.22, (P=0.027)), but there was no signifcant effect of B12 defciency or at day 4 or day 7. LDH release was higher in B12 defciency at day 4, but no alteration was found at day 7. The rate of cell numbers in cycle or apoptotic cells were comparable between B12 defcient or sufcient group. Conclusion: These data demonstrate that vitamin B12 levels do not have a signifcant impact on trophoblast proliferation, apoptosis or endocrine function. However, to understand the relationship between B12 defciency and impaired fetal growth, metabolic pathways afecting placental dysfunction and their underlying epigenetic mechanisms should be explored in future.
Post-Natal Folate Supplementation Increases Cardiac Expression of Dnmt-1 Abrogates Cardiac Hypertrophy in Ofspring of Diabetic Dams; Introduction: Maternal diabetes disrupts cardiac gene expression and elevates the risk of cardiac disease in their ofspring. Abnormal DNA methylation in utero leads to abnormal cardiac gene expression through critical periods of embryonic heart development. This study sought to determine if maternal diabetes leads to abnormal DNA methylation during embryonic heart development and persists into adulthood. We hypothesized that adult cardiac hypertrophy in ofspring of diabetic dams originates from altered gene programming (decreased Dnmt-1) during embryonic heart development and restored with post-natal administration of a methyl donor (folate supplementation). Methods: Before mating, we induced maternal hyperglycemia in eight-week-old CD1 female mice treated with 150 mg/kg streptozotocin. Control animals received normal saline. Control and hyperglycemic female mice were mated with wild-type CD1 males for timed pregnancies. On embryonic day 10.5, we harvested hearts, extracted DNA/RNA, and performed whole-genome bisulfte sequencing and RNA sequencing respectively. Genes relevant to the hypertrophy cardiomyopathy pathway and methylation were selected and gene expression was confrmed in embryonic and adult hearts with real-time polymerase chain reaction, immunohistochemistry, and immunoblotting (quantifIed by Qu path and Image J). Additionally, we performed longitudinal echocardiograms in first generational ofspring. We analyzed all data with Graphpad using Mann-Whitney, Kruskal-Wallis, and two-way ANOVA with the posthoc Tukey test. A p-value less than 0.05 was considered statistically signifcant. Results: Using correlative DNA methylation and mRNA expression datasets, we identified Calcium Voltage-gated channel subunit Alpha 1D, a gene enriched in the left ventricula hypertrophy pathway. We found that hypomethylation and overexpression of Cacna1D in embryonic hearts correlate with cardiac hypertrophy in adult hearts of diabetic dams. In addition, Dnmt-1 expression was decreased in ofspring of diabetic dams during embryonic heart development and persisted into adult ofspring of diabetic dams. Dnmt-1 expression was restored in male ofspring of diabetic dams after administration of a folate rich diet. The folate rich diet abrogated left ventricula cardiac hypertrophy in adult male ofspring of diabetic dams. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes altered epigenetic programming of embryonic cardiac gene expression which persisted into adulthood ofspring of diabetic dams. Our findings demonstrate that diabetes-related post-natal cardiac hypertrophy is associated with decreased Dnmt-1 expression increased with administration of a high folate diet in ofspring of diabetic dams.
Lifestyle and nutrition intake as a risk factor for PCOS: Developing country perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome is closely related to complex multisystem conditions such as metabolic, endocrine, psychological, fertility, and pregnancy-related implications at all stages of life. The majority of women with PCOS manifest several metabolic features including obesity, insulin resistance (IR), dyslipidemia, and hyperandrogenism. PCOS results in an increased risk of developing metabolic disease such as type 2 diabetes, non- alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cardiovascular disease; various pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, growth restriction, miscarriage, stillbirth, and premature delivery. PCOS affects more than 10% of women of reproductive age, an estimated more than 200 million women worldwide. PCOS is thought to be increasing in incidence in both developing and developed countries as a result of lifestyle-related changes in diet quality, reduced physical activity, endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs), changes in light exposure, sleep disturbances, increased stress levels, and others. Lifestyle influencing changes in the character of the gastrointestinal microbiome is another important factor in the etiology of PCOS. Several studies have reported reduced alpha diversity of the microbiome which has been associated with metabolic, endocrine, and clinical features observed in women with PCOS. The resulting dysbiosis has been shown to be reversible after interventions aimed at improving diet or treatment with probiotics or symbiotic. In our observations, we found that inadequate daily fiber intake, lack of intake of several micronutrients such as vitamin D, B6, niacin and folic acid had a significant relationship with the incidence of PCOS in Jakarta.
Metabolic syndrome including DM & obesity; Preconception counseling for pre-existing diabetes and maternal obesity is a beneficial and cost-effective measure to ensure a safe pregnancy and postpartum journey. It should be encouraged especially in the setting of primary healthcare and endocrine clinic visit as an opportunistic approach toward pre-pregnancy care. If pregnancy is not intended, the women should be advised for effective contraception. Among aspect need to be advised to the women is the importance of proper glycaemic control before embarking into pregnancy, preferably with HbA1c of less than 6.0%. Adverse outcomes in a poorly control diabetes include specific embryopathy and stillbirth; increased risk of miscarriage, preterm labor, Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, macrosomia and polyhydramnious. The women also need to be educated and selfempowered with regards to their glycaemic control with diet modification, medications and exercises; and for obese women: regarding their weight reduction process. During pre-conception session, evaluation of vasculopathy complications need to be performed. This includes retinal assessment, urine check-up for proteinuria, serum lipid assessment, and electrocardiogram. Young women with type 1 DM should have baseline thyroid assessment. Glycaemic control needs to explored including history of hypoglycaemia and ketoacidosis. Tighter glycaemic control is recommended prior to conception together with administration of folic acid supplement. Among early plan that need to be emphasized during pre-conception counseling are early dating scan, aspirin and calcium supplementation and understanding of more frequent antenatal visits. It is important for both the physicians and patients to understand the interplay of DM and pregnancy, that is, how DM affects pregnancy and how pregnancy affects the disease.
DEXTROSE GEL PROPHYLAXIS for NEONATAL HYPOGLYCAEMIA and NEUROCOGNITIVE FUNCTION at EARLY-SCHOOL-AGE: A RANDOMISED DOSAGE STUDY; Background: In late preterm and term babies born at risk of neonatal hypoglycaemia, prophylactic buccal dextrose gel reduces the incidence of hypoglycaemia but effects on neurodevelopment in early childhood have been conflicting, with both benefit and harm reported. We assessed neurocognitive function at early school-age in children in the pre-hPOD dosage trial. Methods: Infants at risk of hypoglycaemia (diabetic mother, small, large, late preterm) were randomised after birth to one of four doses of 40% dextrose gel: 200 mg/kg once, 400 mg/kg once, 200 mg/kg for four doses (total 800 mg/kg) or 400 mg/kg once and 200 mg/kg for three doses (total 1000 mg/kg) or equivolume placebo gel. At 6-7 years' corrected age children were assessed for executive function, language, episodic memory, coordination and balance using the NIH Toolbox. The primary outcome was neurocognitive impairment, defined as a standard score <85 in ≥1 Toolbox tests (1SD below normative mean). Dextrose groups were compared to a combined placebo group, adjusted for recruitment site, risk factor for hypoglycaemia, socioeconomic status, gestation length, with Dunnett family-wise error correction (α = 0.05). Results: Of 392 eligible children, 308 (79%) were assessed for the primary outcome at a mean age 6.8 (0.3) years. There were no significant differences in the rate of neurocognitive impairment between the combined placebo group (56%) and the dextrose gel groups (Single 200 mg/kg 46%; Single 400 mg/kg 48%; Multiple 800 mg/kg 45%; Multiple 1000 mg/kg 50%; adjusted P all comparisons >0.2). Conclusions: Prophylactic dextrose gel in neonates at risk of hypoglycaemia does not appear to alter neurocognitive impairment at early school-age.
A RETROSPECTIVE COHORT STUDY of REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH OUTCOMES and PREGNANCY CARE in TURNER SYNDROME; Background: Hypergonadism and infertility are characteristic of Turner Syndrome (TS). Pregnancies in TS patients are considered high risk. Methods: Retrospective audit of medical records of 87 TS patients attending a single tertiary centre from 2010 to 2022. Karyotype, medical and reproductive data were collected. Antenatal care was compared to international TS recommendations 1. Results: Identified karyotypes were 45,X (31/87) and mosaic (56/87). Spontaneous menarche occurred in 6.7% (2/30) and 36.3% (20/55) of 45,X and mosaic TS respectively. Primary amenorrhoea affected 74.1% (63/85) of TS patients overall. 25 pregnancies occurred in 13 patients, resulting in 16 live births; 10/25 occurred spontaneously (only mosaic TS) and 15/25 required ART. No patients had contraindications to pregnancy. One woman had pre-existing hypertension and one developed T2DM interpregnancy. All women had an echocardiogram ≥2 years pre-pregnancy and 62.5% during pregnancy. All women had a 28-week OGTT and 50% had an early OGTT. Increase in Aortic Size Index was observed in two thirds of women with baseline and antenatal echocardiograms but remained ≥1.79 cm/m2 (normal <2.1 cm/m 2 ). Gestational diabetes and preeclampsia occurred in 22% and 14% of pregnancies respectively. Mean(SD) delivery gestation was 37 ± 3.3 completed weeks. Preterm delivery occurred in 22.2% pregnancies. Two thirds of primiparous patients delivered by Caesarean section. One third of neonates were small for gestational age. Conclusions: Mosaic karyotype is associated with spontaneous menarche and pregnancy. Deficiencies in antenatal cardiac and diabetes screening recommendations were observed. TS women have higher rates of perinatal complications compared with the background population. These findings highlight the need for increased awareness and multi-disciplinary antenatal care for TS women.
Machine learning prediction of early postpartum prediabetes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Early onset of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease are common complications for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. About half of the women with gestational diabetes develop postpartum prediabetes within 10 years of the index pregnancy. These women also have double the risk of developing cardiovascular disease than women without a history of gestational diabetes. Currently, there is no accurate way of knowing which women with gestational diabetes are likely to develop postpartum prediabetes. This study aims to predict the risk of postpartum prediabetes in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Methods: We build a sparse logistic regression-based machine learning model to learn key variables significant for the prediction of postpartum prediabetes, from antenatal data with maternal anthropometric and biochemical variables as well as neonatal characteristics of 607 UK women diagnosed with gestational diabetes. We evaluate the performance of the proposed model in addition to other more advanced machine learning methods using established metrics such as the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve and specificity for pre-determined values of sensitivity. We use K-L divergence and information graphs to evaluate and compare different thresholds of classification for targeted screening options in resource-constrained settings. We also perform a decision curve analysis to study the net standardized benefit of our model compared to the universal screening approach. Results: Strikingly, our sparse logistic regression approach selects only two variables as relevant but gives an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.72, outperforming all other methods. It can identify postpartum prediabetes in women with gestational diabetes using the Rule-in test with 92% specificity at an optimal probability threshold of 0.381 and using the Rule-out test with 92% sensitivity at an optimal probability threshold of 0.140. Conclusion: We propose a simple logistic regression model, which needs only the antenatal fasting glucose at OGTT and HbA1c soon after the diagnosis of GDM, to predict, with remarkable accuracy, the probability of postpartum prediabetes in women with gestational diabetes. We envision this to be a practical solution, which coupled with a targeted follow-up of high-risk women, could yield better cardiometabolic outcomes in women with a history of GDM.
Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics - 2023 Update: A Report from the American Heart Association; Background: The American Heart Association, in conjunction with the National Institutes of Health, annually reports the most up-to-date statistics related to heart disease, stroke, and cardiovascular risk factors, including core health behaviors (smoking, physical activity, diet, and weight) and health factors (cholesterol, blood pressure, and glucose control) that contribute to cardiovascular health. The Statistical Update presents the latest data on a range of major clinical heart and circulatory disease conditions (including stroke, congenital heart disease, rhythm disorders, subclinical atherosclerosis, coronary heart disease, heart failure, valvular disease, venous disease, and peripheral artery disease) and the associated outcomes (including quality of care, procedures, and economic costs). Methods: The American Heart Association, through its Epidemiology and Prevention Statistics Committee, continuously monitors and evaluates sources of data on heart disease and stroke in the United States to provide the most current information available in the annual Statistical Update with review of published literature through the year before writing. The 2023 Statistical Update is the product of a full year's worth of effort in 2022 by dedicated volunteer clinicians and scientists, committed government professionals, and American Heart Association staff members. The American Heart Association strives to further understand and help heal health problems inflicted by structural racism, a public health crisis that can significantly damage physical and mental health and perpetuate disparities in access to health care, education, income, housing, and several other factors vital to healthy lives. This year's edition includes additional COVID-19 (coronavirus disease 2019) publications, as well as data on the monitoring and benefits of cardiovascular health in the population, with an enhanced focus on health equity across several key domains. Results: Each of the chapters in the Statistical Update focuses on a different topic related to heart disease and stroke statistics. Conclusions: The Statistical Update represents a critical resource for the lay public, policymakers, media professionals, clinicians, health care administrators, researchers, health advocates, and others seeking the best available data on these factors and conditions.
Social Determinants of Health, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Individuals of Vietnamese Origin; In 2022, the Vietnamese population in the United States (US) comprises 2.2 million individuals, and Vietnam ranks as the sixth most frequent country of origin among immigrants in the US. The American Heart Association and the National Institutes of Health have called for research to define the burden of cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease, and their determinants across Asian American subgroups, including Vietnamese Americans. Despite these calls, Vietnamese Americans remain remarkably overlooked in cardiovascular research in the US. Studies in Vietnam, small cross-sectional surveys in the US, and research using US mortality data point to a high prevalence of hypertension and tobacco use among men and a high incidence of gestational diabetes among women. Moreover, Vietnamese Americans have one of the highest rates of cerebrovascular mortality in the country. Adverse social determinants of health—including frequent language barriers, limited health literacy, and low average income—have been suggested as important factors that contribute to cardiovascular risk in this group. In this narrative review, we summarize the existing knowledge in this space, highlight the distinct characteristics of cardiac risk in both Vietnamese and Vietnamese American individuals, discuss upstream determinants, and identify key knowledge gaps. We then outline several proposed interventions and emphasize the need for further studies in this underrepresented population. Our aim is to increase awareness of the significant burden of risk factors and cardiovascular disease shouldered by this large—but thus far overlooked—population in the US, boost research in this space, and help inform tailored, effective preventive interventions.
A case report of necrotizing enterocolitis in a moderately preterm neonate with LCHADD—A call to focus on the basics while utilizing advanced new therapies; Long-chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency (LCHADD) is an autosomal recessive condition of impaired beta-oxidation. Traditionally, treatment included restriction of dietary long-chain fatty acids via a low-fat diet and supplementation of medium chain triglycerides. In 2020, triheptanoin received FDA approval as an alternative source of medium chain fatty acids for individuals with long-chain fatty acid oxidation disorders (LC-FAOD). We present a case of a moderately preterm neonate born at 33 2/7 weeks gestational age with LCHADD who received triheptanoin and developed necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). Prematurity is known as a major risk factor for NEC, with risk increasing with decreasing gestational age. To our knowledge, NEC has not previously been reported in patients with LCHADD or with triheptanoin use. While metabolic formula is part of the standard of care for LC-FAOD in early life, preterm neonates may benefit from more aggressive attempts to use skimmed human milk to minimize exposure to formula during the risk period for NEC during feed advancement. This risk period may be longer in neonates with LC-FAOD compared to otherwise healthy premature neonates.
Association between History of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Coronary Artery Disease Assessed by Coronary Computed Tomography Angiography; Importance: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are recognized risk enhancers for cardiovascular disease, but the prevalence of subclinical coronary atherosclerosis after these conditions is unknown. Objective: To assess associations between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomography angiography screening. Design, Setting, and Participants: Cross-sectional study of a population-based cohort of women in Sweden (n = 10528) with 1 or more deliveries in 1973 or later, ascertained via the Swedish National Medical Birth Register, who subsequently participated in the Swedish Cardiopulmonary Bioimage Study at age 50 to 65 (median, 57.3) years in 2013-2018. Delivery data were prospectively collected. Exposures: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational-age infant, and gestational diabetes. The reference category included women with no history of these exposures. Main Outcomes and Measures: Coronary computed tomography angiography indexes, including any coronary atherosclerosis, significant stenosis, noncalcified plaque, segment involvement score of 4 or greater, and coronary artery calcium score greater than 100. Results: A median 29.6 (IQR, 25.0-34.9) years after first registered delivery, 18.9% of women had a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, with specific pregnancy histories ranging from 1.4% (gestational diabetes) to 9.5% (preterm delivery). The prevalence of any coronary atherosclerosis in women with a history of any adverse pregnancy outcome was 32.1% (95% CI, 30.0%-34.2%), which was significantly higher (prevalence difference, 3.8% [95% CI, 1.6%-6.1%]; prevalence ratio, 1.14 [95% CI, 1.06-1.22]) compared with reference women. History of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia were both significantly associated with higher and similar prevalence of all outcome indexes. For preeclampsia, the highest prevalence difference was observed for any coronary atherosclerosis (prevalence difference, 8.0% [95% CI, 3.7%-12.3%]; prevalence ratio, 1.28 [95% CI, 1.14-1.45]), and the highest prevalence ratio was observed for significant stenosis (prevalence difference, 3.1% [95% CI, 1.1%-5.1%]; prevalence ratio, 2.46 [95% CI, 1.65-3.67]). In adjusted models, odds ratios for preeclampsia ranged from 1.31 (95% CI, 1.07-1.61) for any coronary atherosclerosis to 2.21 (95% CI, 1.42-3.44) for significant stenosis. Similar associations were observed for history of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension among women with low predicted cardiovascular risk. Conclusions and Relevance: Among Swedish women undergoing coronary computed tomography angiography screening, there was a statistically significant association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes and image-identified coronary artery disease, including among women estimated to be at low cardiovascular disease risk. Further research is needed to understand the clinical importance of these associations..
The protective effect of zinc, selenium, and chromium on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of rats with gestational diabetes mellitus; The offspring of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers are considered to be at the risk of cardiovascular diseases due to intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure. Our previous study showed that zinc, selenium, and chromium dramatically alleviated glucose intolerance in GDM rats and their offspring (P < 0.05). However, the effects of these elements on the damage of the cardiac myocytes of GDM offspring and the underlying mechanisms have not been demonstrated. Here, we investigated the beneficial effects of zinc (10 mg per kg bw), selenium (20 μg per kg bw), and chromium (20 μg per kg bw) supplementation on myocardial fibrosis in the offspring of GDM rats induced by a high-fat and sucrose (HFS) diet. The results showed that maternal GDM induced glucose intolerance, oxidative stress, cardiac inflammation and myocardial fibrosis in offspring rats during different ages (3 days, 3 weeks, and adulthood), which were ameliorated by zinc, selenium and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). The activity of cardiac damage markers such as creatine kinase-myocardial band isoenzyme (CK-MB), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and aspartate aminotransferase (AST) decreased by 40-60% in element-supplemented offspring compared to that in non-supplemented offspring of GDM dams (P < 0.05). Moreover, maternal GDM-induced expression of fibrosis-related proteins and the transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1)/small mothers against decapentaplegic homolog 3 (Smad3) signaling pathway in the heart tissue of offspring was down-regulated by zinc, selenium, and chromium supplementation (P < 0.05). In conclusion, zinc, selenium, and chromium may play a protective role in maternal GDM-induced myocardial fibrosis in offspring from birth to adulthood by inactivating the TGF-β1/Smad3 pathway.
Placental location and obstetrical-neonatal outcomes: A retrospective study; Objective: To explore the potential association of lateral placentation with pregnancy outcome. Methods: The database of a tertiary medical center was searched for women who gave birth to a singleton neonate from 2012 to 2020 for whom placental location was documented during antepartum sonographic examination. Clinical data were compared between patients with a central (anterior/posterior/fundal) or lateral placenta using standard statistics. The primary outcome measure was neonatal birthweight, and secondary outcome measures were pregnancy complications and mode of delivery. Results: The cohort included 12 306 women: 11 608 (94%) with a central placenta and 698 (5.6%) with a lateral placenta. The lateral placenta group had higher rates (P < 0.05) of prior and current cesarean delivery, assisted delivery, and preterm birth. On multivariate regression analyses, placental location (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.36; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.11–1.66) and maternal age (aOR, 1.02; 95% CI, 1.01–1.03) were associated with risk of preterm birth. Lateral placenta (aOR, 1.22; 95% CI, 1.02–1.47), maternal age (aOR, 1.07; 95% CI, 1.06–1.08), parity (aOR, 0.32; 95% CI, 0.28–0.35), and prior cesarean delivery (aOR, 12.00; 95% CI, 10.60–13.60) were associated with risk of current cesarean delivery. Conclusion: The findings suggest that lateral placentation may pose a risk of preterm birth and cesarean delivery compared with central placentation.
Risk factors for Bakri balloon tamponade failure in the management of postpartum hemorrhage; Objective: To predict risk factors for Bakri balloon tamponade (BBT) failure in the management of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Methods: The data of 599 patients who underwent BBT were retrospectively analyzed from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2021 in a tertiary hospital in Shanghai, East China. The patients were divided into the failure group and the success group. Failure was defined as the inability to control bleeding, which required surgical interventions. Maternal characteristics, PPH characteristics, PPH management approaches, and maternal complications were compared between the groups. The independent predictors of BBT failure were analyzed by logistic regression analysis. Results: The overall success rate of BBT was 83.0% (497/599). The blood loss before and after balloon insertion in the failure group was significantly greater than that in the success group. Of the 102 failures, B-Lynch suture was performed in one patient, uterine artery embolization was performed in 99 patients (with one failure), and total hysterectomy was performed in three patients. Some risk factors, including twin gestation (odds ratio [OR] 9.68), placenta accreta spectrum with/without placenta previa (OR 4.45), estimated blood loss at least 1135 ml at balloon insertion (OR 3.35), multiparous (OR 2.72), and in vitro fertilization-embryo transfer (OR 2.00) were strongly associated with BBT failure. Conclusion: BBT seemed to be a less effective tool in the management of PPH due to placenta accreta spectrum with/without placenta previa and twin gestation.
Obstetrical and neonatal complications in hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia: A retrospective study; Objective: To retrospectively describe a large series of pregnancies in women with hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia followed in our reference centre, plus neonatal outcomes, to better understand the risks of complications and to improve their prevention. Design: A retrospective descriptive study conducted through a phone questionnaire. Setting: Reference centre for hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia in Lyon, France. Population: Women meeting the following criteria: (1) alive and aged ≥18 years; (2) with a definite clinical and/or genetic diagnosis of hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia; and (3) with at least one full-term pregnancy. Main outcome measures: Maternal and perinatal outcomes of pregnancies in women with hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia. Results: Five hundred and sixty-two pregnancies were reported in 207 women with hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia. A total of 271 complications (48.2%) were registered. Of these, 149 (55%) non-specific complications, 110 (40.6%) non-severe specific complications and 12 (4.4%) severe specific complications were registered. There were four cases of haemoptysis and two cases of transient ischaemic attack related to pulmonary arteriovenous malformations. Four patients had severe decompensated dyspnoea, related to pulmonary arteriovenous malformations in three cases and to pulmonary arteriovenous malformations associated with severe hepatic arteriovenous malformations in one case. Hepatobiliary necrosis occurred in one case. Epidural or spinal anaesthesia was performed in 139 of 452 deliveries (31%), without complications. There were 12 reports of congenital anomalies in 461 live births (3%). Conclusions: Most pregnancies in hereditary haemorrhagic telangiectasia women are uneventful; complications are rare but can be severe. Women thus need to be educated about screening and possible pregnancy-related risks before becoming pregnant.
Obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome: Prenatal consequences of Ras/MAPK dysregulation; We systematically delineated the prenatal phenotype, and obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of the RASopathy cardio-facio-cutaneous (CFC) syndrome. A comprehensive, retrospective medical history survey was distributed to parents of children with confirmed CFC in collaboration with CFC International, Inc. Data were collected on CFC gene variant, maternal characteristics, pregnancy course, delivery, and neonatal outcomes with the support of medical records. We identified 43 individuals with pathogenic variants in BRAF (81%), MEK1 (14%), or MEK2 (5%) genes. The median age was 8.5 years. Hyperemesis gravidarum, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia occurred in 5/43 (12%), 4/43 (9%), 3/43 (7%), and 3/43 (7%) of pregnancies, respectively. Second and third trimester ultrasound abnormalities included polyhydramnios, macrocephaly, macrosomia, and renal and cardiac abnormalities. Delivery occurred via spontaneous vaginal, operative vaginal, or cesarean delivery in 15/42 (36%), 7/42 (16%), and 20/42 (48%), respectively. Median gestational age at delivery was 37 weeks and median birth weight was 3501 grams. Germline pathogenic vaiants had mutiple congenital consequences including polyhydramnios, renal and cardiac abnormalities, macrosomia, and macrocephaly on second and third trimester ultrasound. Elevated rates of operative delivery and neonatal complications were also noted. Understanding and defining a prenatal phenotype may improve prenatal prognostic counseling and outcomes.
Increased intracranial pressure in a patient with Congenital Heart Defect and Ectodermal Dysplasia (CHDED): Extension of phenotype and review of literature; Congenital heart defect (CHD) is a birth defect that affects the structure of the heart. Although CHD is often multifactorial, it can also be inherited as part of a Mendelian disorder such as in congenital heart defect and ectodermal dysplasia (CHDED). This disorder is caused by de novo variants in PRKD1. Here, we describe a patient with a novel de novo variant of PRKD1 with phenotypic features consistent with CHDED. Previously unreported features were noted including high intracranial pressure (ICP), partial anomalous pulmonary venous return (PAPVR), and bifid uvula. We suggest that these features may be associated with CHDED.
Number of Children and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease in Japanese Women: Findings from the Tohoku Medical Megabank; Aim: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the second largest cause of death in Japanese women. Pregnancy and childbirth are events that put a strain on the cardiovascular system. When postpartum weight retention is insufficient, weight gain due to fat deposition during pregnancy might lead to obesity. Thus, we examined the effects of body mass index (BMI) in middle and older ages and the number of children on CVD and metabolic disorders. Methods: From the Tohoku Medical Megabank database, we used data from 32,000 women aged ≥ 50 years. This database contains obstetrical history, medical history, and laboratory data obtained once from 2013 to 2015. Results: The mean age of participants was 64.2 years, and 47.7% of women had two children. Compared with nulliparous women, those who had a higher number of children had higher BMI and systolic blood pressure. The prevalence of CVD was highest in obese class I (30 kg/m2 ≤ BMI) women with three or more children and the prevalence of hypertension was high in pre-obese (25 kg/m2 ≤ BMI 30 kg/m2) and obese class I women with children. Conversely, the prevalence of diabetes and proportion of women whose HbA1c values were 6.5% was highest in obese class I women with no children. Conclusion: In this study, we found that not only BMI but also the number of children influenced the health status of middle-and older-aged women, suggesting the importance of childbirth history in the health management of women.
Decreased flow-mediated dilation in gestational diabetes in pregnancy and post-partum. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical complication during pregnancy. Endothelial dysfunction is considered an early step in the progression of atherosclerosis that may contribute to subclinical target organ damage. This meta-analysis aimed to systemically review the existing data regarding endothelial dysfunction between women with and without GDM during pregnancy and post-partum using flow-mediated dilation (FMD). Materials and Methods: Eligible studies (cohort and observational) published until October 2021 were identified in the MEDLINE, Scopus, Cochrane Library database and grey literature sources were searched. Results: The search yielded 2272 studies, of which 17 were fully reviewed and 12 studies (N = 740 pregnant women) were finally included. Pregnant women with GDM exhibited a significantly lower FMD compared to pregnant women without GDM (pooled mean difference −3.12; 95% CI −5.36 to −0.88). Moreover, in the immediate (1–6 months) post-partum period, women with previous GDM showed lower FMD compared to healthy women without GDM history (pooled mean difference −7.52; 95% CI −9.44 to −5.59), whereas FMD did not differ in the late post-partum period (more than 4 years). Conclusions: Flow-mediated dilation is decreased in women with GDM during pregnancy and in the immediate post-partum period, compared to women without GDM, indicating that the endothelial dysfunction noted during the pregnancy in those women persists in the immediate post-partum period too. Clinical trial registration: PROSPERO CRD42021283113 (www.ClinicalTrials.gov).
U-shaped Association Between Folic Acid Supplementation and the Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in Chinese Women; Objective: Our aim in this study was to assess the association between folic acid (FA) supplementation before and during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese women. Methods: This case–control study was conducted at 2 hospitals in central China. A total of 1,300 pregnant women, including 396 GDM patients and 904 controls, participated in the study. Information on the dose and duration of FA supplementation was collected using a self-report questionnaire at enrolment (24 to 28 weeks of gestation). Results: We observed a U-shaped association between FA supplementation and GDM risk that demonstrated a 228% increased risk of GDM among women who never took FA supplements, a 28% increased risk among women who took supplements containing <400 μg/day FA or took FA supplements for <1 month and a 188% increased risk among women who took supplements containing ≥800 μg/day FA for an adequate duration (>1 month before pregnancy and >3 months during pregnancy) compared with women who took supplements containing 400 to 799 μg/day FA for an adequate duration (all p<0.05). For women who took supplements containing ≥800 μg/day FA for an adequate duration, the association between FA supplementation and GDM risk appeared to be stronger among those women with a prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) of ≥25 kg/m2 than among those with a prepregnancy BMI of <25 kg/m2 (p=0.006 for interaction). Conclusions: There was a U-shaped association of FA supplementation with GDM risk; that is, FA supplementation both below and above the recommended levels may increase the risk of GDM.
Emergent prelabor cesarean delivery in solid organ transplant recipients: associated risk factors and outcomes; Background: Pregnancies after solid organ transplant are at a higher risk of antepartum admission and pregnancy complications including cesarean delivery. Emergent prelabor cesarean delivery is associated with increased maternal and neonatal morbidity in other high-risk populations, but its incidence and impact in transplant recipients is not well-understood. Objective: This study aimed to characterize the risk factors and outcomes of emergency prelabor cesarean delivery in kidney and liver transplant recipients. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of all kidney and liver transplant recipients at >20 weeks gestation enrolled in the Transplant Pregnancy Registry International between 1976 and 2019. Participants admitted antepartum who required emergency prelabor cesarean delivery were compared with those admitted antepartum who underwent nonemergent birth. The primary outcomes were severe maternal morbidity and neonatal composite morbidity. Multivariable logistic regression was conducted for neonatal composite morbidity. Results: Of 1979 births, 181 pregnancies (188 neonates) with antepartum admission were included. 51 pregnancies (53 neonates, 28%) were delivered by emergent prelabor cesarean delivery compared with 130 pregnancies (135 neonates, 72%) admitted antepartum who subsequently did not require emergent delivery. The most common indication for emergent delivery was nonreassuring fetal heart tracing (44 pregnancies /51 emergent deliveries = 86%). Pregnant people who underwent emergent prelabor cesarean delivery were less likely to deliver at a transplant center (37.3% vs 41.5%; P=.04) and had increased rates of chronic hypertension (33.3% vs 16.2%; P=.02). There was no significant difference in severe maternal morbidity (3.9% vs 4.6%; P=.84), though there was an increase in surgical site infection in the emergent prelabor cesarean delivery cohort (3.9% vs 0%; P=.02). Among those with emergent prelabor cesarean delivery, there was a significant increase in neonatal composite morbidity (43.4% vs 19.3%; P<.001) with earlier gestational age at delivery (33.4 vs 34.7 weeks; P=.02), lower birthweight (1899 g vs 2321 g; P<.001), lower birthweight percentile (30.3% vs 40.6%; P=.03), increased neonatal intensive care unit admission (52.8% vs 35.6%; P=.03), and increased neonatal mortality (11.3% vs 1.5%; P=.002). After adjusting for year of conception, race, hypertensive disorders, and fetal malformations, there was a persistent increased risk of neonatal morbidity (adjusted odds ratio, 3.01; 95% confidence interval, 1.50–6.08; P=.002) associated with emergent prelabor cesarean delivery after transplant. Conclusion: Almost one-third of kidney and liver transplant recipients admitted antepartum had an emergency prelabor cesarean delivery, and 63% of this cohort delivered outside of a transplant center. Pregnancies after transplantation should involve multidisciplinary transplant-obstetrics collaboration to ensure optimal antepartum disease management, especially for preexisting hypertension, to prevent and mitigate obstetrical and neonatal morbidity in the setting of emergent cesarean delivery.
Markers of Cardiovascular Risk Associated with Pregnancy; Purpose of Review: The purpose of the review is to summarize the unique cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors encountered during pregnancy and to provide the reader with a framework for acquiring a comprehensive obstetric history during the cardiovascular (CV) assessment of women. Recent Findings: Individuals with a history of pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, low birth weight, and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy are at a higher risk of developing short- and long-term CV complications compared to those without adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). Women with a history of APOs can be at increased risk of CVD even after achieving normoglycemia and normal blood pressure control postpartum. Risk assessment and stratification in women must account for these APOs as recommended by the 2019 American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association (AHA) guideline on the primary prevention of CVD. Early recognition, monitoring, and treatment of APOs are key to limiting CVD complications late in maternal life. Summary: Recognition of APOs as female-specific cardiovascular risk factors is critical for risk stratification for women and birthing persons. Further research is needed to understand the complex interplay between genetics, environmental, behavioral, and maternal vascular health, and the association between APOs and CVD risk.
Use of artificial intelligence in obstetrics: not quite ready for prime time; Artificial intelligence is finding several applications in healthcare settings. This study aimed to report evidence on the effectiveness of artificial intelligence application in obstetrics. Through a narrative review of literature, we described artificial intelligence use in different obstetrical areas as follows: prenatal diagnosis, fetal heart monitoring, prediction and management of pregnancy-related complications (preeclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, and placenta accreta spectrum), and labor. Artificial intelligence seems to be a promising tool to help clinicians in daily clinical activity. The main advantages that emerged from this review are related to the reduction of inter- and intraoperator variability, time reduction of procedures, and improvement of overall diagnostic performance. However, nowadays, the diffusion of these systems in routine clinical practice raises several issues. Reported evidence is still very limited, and further studies are needed to confirm the clinical applicability of artificial intelligence. Moreover, better training of clinicians designed to use these systems should be ensured, and evidence-based guidelines regarding this topic should be produced to enhance the strengths of artificial systems and minimize their limits.
Circulating angiotensin II type I receptor – autoantibodies in diabetic pregnancies; Pregnant women with either pre-existing or gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of preeclampsia as well as future cardiovascular disease. The renin-angiotensin system is dysregulated in both diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. In preeclampsia, maternal levels of circulating agonistic autoantibodies against the angiotensin II Type I receptor (AT1-AAs) are increased. Circulating AT1-AAs are thought to contribute to both the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and the increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Studies exploring AT1-AA in diabetes outside pregnancy suggest their potential for both metabolic and cardiovascular pathogenicity. No studies have investigated AT1-AAs in diabetic pregnancies. We hypothesized elevated maternal circulating AT1-AA levels in pregnancies complicated by any type of diabetes mellitus. Third-trimester maternal serum from 39 women (controls: n = 10; type 1 diabetes: n = 9; type 2 diabetes: n = 10; gestational diabetes=10) were analyzed for AT1-AA using an established bioassay method. Circulating AT1-AAs were present in 70% (7/10) of the controls and 83% (24/29) of the diabetes group (P = 0.399). Presence of AT1-AA was correlated to hsCRP levels (P = 0.036), but neither with maternal circulating angiogenic factors (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor), nor with maternal or fetal characteristics indicative of metabolic disease or placental dysfunction. Our study is the first to demonstrate presence of circulating AT1-AAs in pregnant women with any type of diabetes. Our findings suggest AT1-AAs presence in pregnancy independently of placental dysfunction, nuancing the current view on their pathogenicity. Whether AT1-AAs per se contribute to increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and future cardiovascular disease remains currently unanswered.
A neonatal case of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis with intrauterine onset after COVID-19 infection during pregnancy: Cause or coincidence?; Coronavirus 19 disease (COVID-19) is known to predispose patients to increased thrombotic events and the risk is higher in pregnancy which is already a hypercoagulable state. Vertical transmission of the disease during pregnancy was neglected according to data early in the pandemic, however, despite conflicting results from different studies, there is an increasing suspicion of vertical transmission with the rise of new fetal and neonatal cases and perinatal transmission can be higher than expected. An early term neonate, with the history of maternal COVID-19 infection in the start of third trimester, was diagnosed as cerebral venous sinus thrombosis and chronic hemorrhagic ischemia, with intrauterine onset.
Crucial Regulatory Role of Organokines in Relation to Metabolic Changes in Non-Diabetic Obesity; Obesity is characterized by an excessive accumulation of fat leading to a plethora of medical complications, including coronary artery disease, hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus or impaired glucose tolerance and dyslipidemia. Formerly, several physiological roles of organokines, including adipokines, hepatokines, myokines and gut hormones have been described in obesity, especially in the regulation of glucose and lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, oxidative stress, and low-grade inflammation. The canonical effect of these biologically active peptides and proteins may serve as an intermediate regulatory level that connects the central nervous system and the endocrine, autocrine, and paracrine actions of organs responsible for metabolic and inflammatory processes. Better understanding of the function of this delicately tuned network may provide an explanation for the wide range of obesity phenotypes with remarkable inter-individual differences regarding comorbidities and therapeutic responses. The aim of this review is to demonstrate the role of organokines in the lipid and glucose metabolism focusing on the obese non-diabetic subgroup. We also discuss the latest findings about sarcopenic obesity, which has recently become one of the most relevant metabolic disturbances in the aging population.
Pregnancy-Related Complications and Incidence of Atrial Fibrillation: A Systematic Review; Pregnancy-related complications are associated with a higher risk of various incident cardiovascular diseases, but their specific potential relationship with incident atrial fibrillation (AF) is less clear. This systematic review summarises the available evidence from observational studies which have examined associations between pregnancy-related complications and the risk of AF. MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) were searched for studies between 1990 to 10 February 2022. Pregnancy-related complications examined included hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth. Study selection, data extraction and quality assessment were completed independently by two reviewers. Narrative synthesis was used to evaluate the results of the included studies. Nine observational studies were included, with eight eligible for narrative synthesis. Sample sizes ranged from 1839 to 2,359,386. Median follow-up ranged from 2 to 36 years. Six studies reported that pregnancy-related complications were associated with a significantly increased risk of incident AF. Hazard ratios (HRs) (95% confidence intervals) for the four studies that evaluated HDP ranged from 1.1 (0.8–1.6) to 1.9 (1.4–2.7). For the four studies that evaluated pre-eclampsia, HRs ranged from 1.2 (0.9–1.6) to 1.9 (1.7–2.2). Current evidence from observational studies suggests pregnancy-related complications are associated with a significantly higher risk of incident AF. However, only a small number of studies examining each pregnancy-related complication were identified, and considerable statistical heterogeneity was observed. Further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF.
Support Provided by Caregivers for Community-Dwelling Diabetic Hispanic Adults with Intellectual Disabilities and Comorbid Conditions; Diabetes is an age-related chronic health condition and a major public health concern. Diabetes is one of the significant causes of morbidity and mortality and a major contributing factor to dementia. Recent research reveals that Hispanic Americans are at an increased risk of chronic conditions such as diabetes, dementia, and obesity. Recent research also revealed that diabetes develops at least ten years earlier in Hispanics and Latinos than in neighboring non-Hispanic whites. Furthermore, the management of diabetes and providing necessary/timely support is a challenging task for healthcare professionals. Caregiver support is an emerging area of research for people with diabetes, mainly family caregiver support work for Hispanic and Native Americans. Our article discusses several aspects of diabetes, factors associated with diabetes among Hispanics, its management, and how caregivers can support individuals with diabetes.
Do Anti-SARS-CoV-2 Monoclonal Antibodies Have an Impact on Pregnancy Outcome? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have been used as a rescue strategy for pregnant women affected by COVID-19. To explore its impact on maternal-fetal health, we included all observational studies reporting maternal, fetal, delivery and neonatal outcomes in women who underwent mAbs infusion for COVID-19. Primary outcome was the percentage of preterm delivery. We used meta-analyses of proportions to combine data for maternal, fetal, delivery and neonatal outcome of women treated with mAbs for COVID-19 and reported pooled proportions and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for categorical variables or mean difference (MD) with their 95% confidence intervals for continuous variables. Preterm birth was observed in 22.8% of cases (95% CI 12.9–34.3). Fetal distress was reported in 4.2% (95% CI 1.6–8.2). Gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia were observed in 3.0% (95% CI 0.8–6.8) and 3.4% (95% CI 0.8–7.5) of cases, respectively. Fetal growth restriction was observed in 3.2% of fetuses (95% CI 0.8–7.0). Secondary prophylaxis with mAbs is currently considered the best treatment option for people with mild to moderate COVID-19 disease. More attention should be paid to infants born from mothers who were treated with mAbs, for the risk of immunosuppression.
Impact of Prenatal Exposure to Maternal Diabetes and High-Fat Diet on Postnatal Myocardial Ketone Body Metabolism in Rats; Infants exposed to diabetic pregnancy are at higher risk of cardiomyopathy at birth and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) as adults. Using a rat model, we showed how fetal exposure to maternal diabetes causes cardiac disease through fuel-mediated mitochondrial dysfunction, and that a maternal high-fat diet (HFD) exaggerates the risk. Diabetic pregnancy increases circulating maternal ketones which can have a cardioprotective effect, but whether diabetes-mediated complex I dysfunction impairs myocardial metabolism of ketones postnatally remains unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (NRCM) from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring oxidize ketones as an alternative fuel source. To test our hypothesis, we developed a novel ketone stress test (KST) using extracellular flux analyses to compare real-time ß-hydroxybutyrate (βHOB) metabolism in NRCM. We also compared myocardial expression of genes responsible for ketone and lipid metabolism. NRCM had a dose-dependent increase in respiration with increasing concentrations of βHOB, demonstrating that both control and combination exposed NRCM can metabolize ketones postnatally. Ketone treatment also enhanced the glycolytic capacity of combination exposed NRCM with a dose-dependent increase in the glucose-mediated proton efflux rate (PER) from CO2 (aerobic glycolysis) alongside a decreased reliance on PER from lactate (anaerobic glycolysis). Expression of genes responsible for ketone body metabolism was higher in combination exposed males. Findings demonstrate that myocardial ketone body metabolism is preserved and improves fuel flexibility in NRCM from diabetes- and HFD-exposed offspring, which suggests that ketones might serve a protective role in neonatal cardiomyopathy due to maternal diabetes.
Novel circRNA-miRNA-mRNA networks regulated by maternal exercise in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes; Background: Maternal exercise lowers the incidence of congenital heart defects (CHDs) induced by pregestational diabetes. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the beneficial effects of maternal exercise remain unclear. The present study aimed to identify circular RNA (circRNA), microRNA (miRNA) and mRNA networks that are regulated by maternal exercise in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. Methods: Pregestational diabetes was induced in adult C57BL/6 female mice by streptozotocin. The expression profiles of circRNAs, miRNAs and mRNAs in E10.5 fetal hearts of offspring of control and diabetic mothers with or without exercise were analyzed using next generation sequencing. circRNA-miRNA-mRNA networks in fetal hearts were mapped and key candidate transcripts were verified by qPCR analysis. Results: Pregestational diabetes dysregulated the expression of 206 circRNAs, 66 miRNAs and 391 mRNAs in fetal hearts. Maternal exercise differentially regulated 188 circRNAs, 57 miRNAs and 506 mRNAs in fetal hearts of offspring of pregestational diabetes. A total of 5 circRNAs, 12 miRNAs, and 28 mRNAs were incorporated into a final maternal exercise-associated regulatory network in fetal hearts of offspring of maternal diabetes. Notably, maternal exercise normalized the dysregulated circ_0003226/circ_0015638/miR-351-5p and circ_0002768/miR-3102-3p.2-3p pairs in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. Conclusion: Maternal exercise reverses the dysregulated circ_0003226/circ_0015638/miR-351-5p and circ_0002768/miR-3102-3p.2-3p pairs, and partially normalizes circRNA, miRNA, and mRNA expression profiles in fetal hearts of pregestational diabetes. These findings shed new light on the potential mechanisms of the beneficial effects of maternal exercise on the developing heart in diabetic pregnancies.
Clinical risk factors of adverse outcomes among women with COVID-19 in the pregnancy and postpartum period: a sequential, prospective meta-analysis; Objective: This sequential, prospective meta-analysis sought to identify risk factors among pregnant and postpartum women with COVID-19 for adverse outcomes related to disease severity, maternal morbidities, neonatal mortality and morbidity, and adverse birth outcomes. Data Sources: We prospectively invited study investigators to join the sequential, prospective meta-analysis via professional research networks beginning in March 2020. Study Eligibility Criteria: Eligible studies included those recruiting at least 25 consecutive cases of COVID-19 in pregnancy within a defined catchment area. Methods: We included individual patient data from 21 participating studies. Data quality was assessed, and harmonized variables for risk factors and outcomes were constructed. Duplicate cases were removed. Pooled estimates for the absolute and relative risk of adverse outcomes comparing those with and without each risk factor were generated using a 2-stage meta-analysis. Results: We collected data from 33 countries and territories, including 21,977 cases of SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy or postpartum. We found that women with comorbidities (preexisting diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease) vs those without were at higher risk for COVID-19 severity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (fetal death, preterm birth, low birthweight). Participants with COVID-19 and HIV were 1.74 times (95% confidence interval, 1.12–2.71) more likely to be admitted to the intensive care unit. Pregnant women who were underweight before pregnancy were at higher risk of intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 5.53; 95% confidence interval, 2.27–13.44), ventilation (relative risk, 9.36; 95% confidence interval, 3.87–22.63), and pregnancy-related death (relative risk, 14.10; 95% confidence interval, 2.83–70.36). Prepregnancy obesity was also a risk factor for severe COVID-19 outcomes including intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 1.81; 95% confidence interval, 1.26–2.60), ventilation (relative risk, 2.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–3.51), any critical care (relative risk, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.28–2.77), and pneumonia (relative risk, 1.66; 95% confidence interval, 1.18–2.33). Anemic pregnant women with COVID-19 also had increased risk of intensive care unit admission (relative risk, 1.63; 95% confidence interval, 1.25–2.11) and death (relative risk, 2.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.15–4.81). Conclusion: We found that pregnant women with comorbidities including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease were at increased risk for severe COVID-19–related outcomes, maternal morbidities, and adverse birth outcomes. We also identified several less commonly known risk factors, including HIV infection, prepregnancy underweight, and anemia. Although pregnant women are already considered a high-risk population, special priority for prevention and treatment should be given to pregnant women with these additional risk factors.
Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health: Consensus Bundle on Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care; Cardiac conditions are the leading cause of pregnancy-related deaths and disproportionately affect non-Hispanic Black people. Multidisciplinary maternal mortality review committees have found that most people who died from cardiac conditions during pregnancy or postpartum were not diagnosed with a cardiovascular disease before death and that more than 80% of all pregnancy-related deaths, regardless of cause, were preventable. In addition, other obstetric complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, are associated with future cardiovascular disease risk. Those with cardiac risk factors and those with congenital and acquired heart disease require specialized care during pregnancy and postpartum to minimize risk of preventable morbidity and mortality. This bundle provides guidance for health care teams to develop coordinated, multidisciplinary care for pregnant and postpartum people with cardiac conditions and to respond to cardio-obstetric emergencies. This bundle is one of several core patient safety bundles developed by the Alliance for Innovation on Maternal Health that provide condition- or event-specific clinical practices for implementation in appropriate care settings. The Cardiac Conditions in Obstetric Care bundle is organized into five domains: 1) Readiness, 2) Recognition and Prevention, 3) Response, 4) Reporting and Systems Learning, and 5) Respectful Care. This bundle is the first by the Alliance to be developed with the fifth domain of Respectful Care. The Respectful Care domain provides essential best practices to support respectful, equitable, and supportive care to all patients. Further health equity considerations are integrated into elements in each domain.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes following SARS-CoV-2 infection; Infection with SARS-CoV-2 causing COVID-19 in pregnancy is known to confer risks to both the pregnant patient and fetus. A review of the current literature demonstrates that pregnant individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection are at risk for higher composite morbidity, intensive care unit admission, ventilatory support, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, and neonatal intensive care unit admissions compared to pregnant individuals without SARS-CoV-2. Worse obstetric morbidity and mortality generally correlate with the severity of COVID-19. Comorbidities such as diabetes increase the risk of severe COVID-19. An increased risk of stillbirth appears to be predominantly confined to pregnancies affected in the Delta variant time period. Further, vaccination against SARS-CoV-2 has been demonstrated to be safe and effective in pregnancy and while breastfeeding. Therefore, continued counseling encouraging vaccination remains imperative. The long-term maternal and neonatal consequences of pregnancies affected by SARS-CoV-2 remain unknown, and therefore continued research in this regard is warranted.
Neonatal Diabetes Mellitus in infant due to insulin gene mutation; Neonatal Diabetes (ND) is a rare genetic disease (1 in 90,000 live births); most cases will be diagnosed before 6 months of age. The third cause by frequency, is mutations of the insulin gene (INS); the majority are heterozygous mutations affecting the structure of preproinsulin; these are transmitted in an autosomal dominant manner. Clinical Case: Third Child of non-consanguineous parents, male, controlled pregnancy at high obstetric risk by type 1 diabetic mother with insulin therapy, hypertension and doppler ultrasound with single umbilical, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of pregnancy 6.3%, complete corticosteroid therapy, 34 weeks premature caesarean section premature rupture of the membrane, birth weight: 2kg. (SD -1.9) birth size: 39cm. (SD -3.3). Newborn physical exam unique umbilical artery, normal abdominal ultrasound, connatal infection received antibiotic treatment, glycemic alteration 7 days of life but no value above 190, it is performed echocardiography shows congenital heart disease, refer to our hospital for surgical. He was readmitted at one month of life, laryngeal stridor associated with severe respiratory distress with the need for nebulized adrenaline plus dexamethasone and subsequent connection to invasive mechanical ventilation with hyperglycemia up to 541 without acidosis or ketosis with Hba1c of 5.4%, GAD antibodies (-), rest negative, C peptide is not taken, start pump continuous insulin infusion up to 0.04 IU / kg / hour progressive decrease until suspension with normoglycemia. He was he was discharged home. After 6 months, he was readmitted to the intensive care unit due to pneumonia with glycemia up to 427mg/dl with ketones without acidosis, Hba1c of 11.8%, continuous insulin infusion pump started up to 0.08 iu / kg / hour, insulin was started subcutaneous, immunological markers of diabetes are taken again, resulting in all negative antibodies and c-peptide of 1.8ng / ml, a change from insulin to glibenclamide is made with initial a favorable response. 22q11.2 deletion syndrome study was negative. Normal Karyotype 46,XY. A genetic study was carried out on him and his parents where he and his mother resulted heterozygous for a pathogenic variant in the INS gene c.325T>G (p.Cys109Gly). With this result, glibenclamide was discontinued and intensified therapy with subcutaneous insulin was started. Discussion: Heterozygous INS gene mutations can cause isolated permanent early-infancy diabetes. The identification of insulin mutations as a cause of neonatal diabetes will facilitate the diagnosis and possibly, in time, treatment of this disorder.
Cardiovascular Complications of Down Syndrome: Scoping Review and Expert Consensus; Cardiovascular disease is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in individuals with Down syndrome. Congenital heart disease is the most common cardiovascular condition in this group, present in up to 50% of people with Down syndrome and contributing to poor outcomes. Additional factors contributing to cardiovascular outcomes include pulmonary hypertension; coexistent pulmonary, endocrine, and metabolic diseases; and risk factors for atherosclerotic disease. Moreover, disparities in the cardiovascular care of people with Down syndrome compared with the general population, which vary across different geographies and health care systems, further contribute to cardiovascular mortality; this issue is often overlooked by the wider medical community. This review focuses on the diagnosis, prevalence, and management of cardiovascular disease encountered in people with Down syndrome and summarizes available evidence in 10 key areas relating to Down syndrome and cardiac disease, from prenatal diagnosis to disparities in care in areas of differing resource availability. All specialists and nonspecialist clinicians providing care for people with Down syndrome should be aware of best clinical practice in all aspects of care of this distinct population.
High-proportion breast milk feeding is associated with a reduction in the incidence of IVH in very preterm infants; Objective: To investigate the protective effect of high-proportion breast milk feeding (>50%) on intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) in very preterm infants (VPIs). Methods: This was a retrospective secondary analysis of a prospective multi-center study, which included 604 VPIs from six hospitals in eastern China between September 2019 and December 2020. The 604 VPIs were divided into two groups according to whether IVH occurred. High-proportion breast milk feeding was defined as breast milk accounting for 51–100% of the total feeding amount both within 7 days and throughout the hospitalization. The IVH grades and the rate of high-proportion breast milk feeding were analyzed. Furthermore, to explore the relationship between high-proportion breast milk feeding and IVH grading, the VPIs' general information, perinatal factors, growth, and nutritional status during hospitalization, and related complications were compared between the two groups. Results: High-proportion breast milk feeding was reported in 63.41% of the VPIs. Furthermore, IVH grades I–II and III–IV were noted in 39.73% (240/604) and 1.66% (10/604) of the VPIs, respectively. Univariate analysis revealed that IVH occurrence in VPIs is influenced by perinatal factors, invasive respiratory therapy, high-proportion breast milk feeding, start feeding with breast milk, the cumulative amount of early parenteral nutrition, postnatal complications, physical growth, and other factors (P < 0.05). After adjustments for gestational age, birth weight, and possible influencing factors through binary logistic regression analysis, the results revealed that high-proportion breast milk feeding and and start feeding with breast milk were associated with a lower total incidence of IVH. Further stratification showed that high-proportion breast milk feeding was associated with a lower incidence of grade I–II IVH. Similarly, after adjusting for the same factors, breast milk feeding >50% in the 1st week was associated with a decreased incidence of total IVH and further stratification showed that it was associated with a lower incidence of grade I–II IVH. Conclusion: High-proportion breast milk feeding and breast milk feeding more than 50% of total intake during the 1st week might be protective factors for IVH grade I–II in VPIs, which further verified the neuroprotective effect of breast milk. In clinical practice, the construction of breast milk banks should be strengthened, breast milk feeding should be encouraged in neonatal intensive care units, and efforts should be made to increase breast milk feeding rates to improve the outcomes of VPIs.
Chronic granulomatous disease associated with Duchenne muscular dystrophy caused by Xp21.1 contiguous gene deletion syndrome: Case report and literature review; Chronic granulomatous disease (CGD) and Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) are X-linked recessive disorders whose genes are 4.47 Mb apart within Xp21.1. A combination of both diseases is rare with only five cases reported in the literature where it is known as Xp21.1 “contiguous gene deletion syndrome”. We describe a male neonate who presented with sepsis at 19 days of age. The diagnosis of CGD with DMD was established through copy number variation sequencing (CNV-seq) with an extensive 7.5 Mb deletion of Xp21.2-Xp11.4 of the proband. One of his elder sisters and his mother are carriers. The deletion includes six known genes: glycerol kinase (GK), dystrophin (DMD), cilia- and flagella-associated protein 47 (CFAP47), gp91 (CYBB), Kell antigen (XK), and retinitis pigmentosa GTPase regulator (RPGR). Laboratory assays revealed an increased creatine kinase (CK) level, decreased gp91 expression, and a positive nitroblue tetrazolium test. Due to the extensive gene deletion and the poor prognosis, the family determined to pursue conservative management without further laboratory workup. The patient passed away from a fulminant infection at the age of three-month at a local medical facility. To the best of our knowledge, this case of Xp21.1 contiguous gene deletion syndrome represents the most extensive deletion of genes in this region ever reported. A literature review of similar cases is presented.
Vitamin B12deficiency presenting with a pancytopenia in pregnancy; Vitamin B12 deficiency is a significant public health problem globally. Although it is a well-known cause of macrocytic anaemia and in advanced cases, pancytopenia, there remains a relative paucity of cases reported in pregnancy. It is associated with an increased risk of pregnancy complications and adverse birth outcomes such as neural tube defects, preterm birth, low birth weight, neurological sequelae and intrauterine death. It has a predilection for individuals aged >60 years. It has been implicated in a spectrum of neuropsychiatric disorders and it may also exert indirect cardiovascular effects. Severe vitamin B12 deficiency may present with haematological abnormalities that mimic thrombotic microangiopathy such as HELLP syndrome (haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets) or it may present as pseudothrombotic microangiopathy (Moschcowitz syndrome) characterised by anaemia, thrombocytopenia and schistocytosis. It can also closely mimic thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, hence posing a diagnostic challenge to the unwary physician. Serological measurement of vitamin B12 levels confirms the diagnosis. Oral supplementation with vitamin B12 remains a safe and effective treatment. The authors describe the case of a multiparous woman in her late 20s presenting with a plethora of non-specific symptoms at 29 +5 weeks' gestation. Her haemoglobin was 45 g/L, platelets 32×10 9 /L, vitamin B12 <150 ng/L and serum folate <2 μg/L. She was not a vegetarian, but her diet lacked nutrition. Following parenteral B12 supplementation, her haematological parameters improved. The pregnancy was carried to term. Due to the plethora of non-specific symptoms, the diagnosis can be challenging to establish. Adverse maternal or fetal outcomes may occur. Folic acid supplementation may mask an occult vitamin B12 deficiency and further exacerbate or initiate neurological disease.
The interplay between prolactin and cardiovascular disease; Hyperprolactinemia can be caused by several conditions and its effects on the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis are understood in more detail. Nevertheless, in recent decades, other metabolic effects have been studied and data pointed to a potential increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. A recent study showed a decrease in total and LDL- cholesterol only in men with prolactinoma treated with dopamine agonists (DA) supporting the previous results of a population study with increased CVD risk in men harboring prolactinoma. However, other population studies did not find a correlation between prolactin (PRL) levels and CVD risk or mortality. There is also data pointing to an increase in high-density lipoprotein levels, and decreases in triglycerides, carotid-intima-media thickness, C-reactive protein, and homocysteine levels in patients with prolactinoma on DA treatment. PRL was also implicated in endothelial dysfunction in pre and postmenopausal women. Withdrawal of DA resulted in negative changes in vascular parameters and an increase in plasma fibrinogen. It has been shown that PRL levels were positively correlated with blood pressure and inversely correlated with dilatation of the brachial artery and insulin sensitivity, increased homocysteine levels, and elevated D-dimer levels. Regarding possible mechanisms for the association between hyperprolactinemia and CVD risk, they include a possible direct effect of PRL, hypogonadism, and even effects of DA treatment, independently of changes in PRL levels. In conclusion, hyperprolactinemia seems to be associated with impaired endothelial function and DA treatment could improve CVD risk. More studies evaluating CVD risk in hyperprolactinemic patients are important to define a potential indication of treatment beyond hypogonadism.
Systematic review of transcriptome and microRNAome associations with gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk for preterm birth and related complications for both the pregnant person and newborn. Changes in gene expression have the potential to characterize complex interactions between genetic and behavioral/environmental risk factors for GDM. Our goal was to summarize the state of the science about changes in gene expression and GDM. Design: The systematic review was conducted using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Methods: PubMed articles about humans, in English, from any date were included if they described mRNA transcriptome or microRNA findings from blood samples in adults with GDM compared with adults without GDM. Results: Sixteen articles were found representing 1355 adults (n=674 with GDM, n=681 controls) from 12 countries. Three studies reported transcriptome results and thirteen reported microRNA findings. Identified pathways described various aspects of diabetes pathogenesis, including glucose and insulin signaling, regulation, and transport; natural killer cell mediated cytotoxicity; and fatty acid biosynthesis and metabolism. Studies described 135 unique miRNAs that were associated with GDM, of which eight (miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-222-3p, miR-210-3p, and miR-342-3p) were described in 2 or more studies. Findings suggest that miRNA levels vary based on the time in pregnancy when GDM develops, the time point at which they were measured, sex assigned at birth of the offspring, and both the pre-pregnancy and gestational body mass index of the pregnant person. Conclusions: The mRNA, miRNA, gene targets, and pathways identified in this review contribute to our understanding of GDM pathogenesis; however, further research is warranted to validate previous findings. In particular, longitudinal repeated-measures designs are needed that control for participant characteristics (e.g., weight), use standardized data collection methods and analysis tools, and are sufficiently powered to detect differences between subgroups. Findings may be used to improve early diagnosis, prevention, medication choice and/or clinical treatment of patients with GDM.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in neonates: A meta-analysis; Objective: The objective is to identify the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in neonates by a meta-analysis, and to provide a reference for the prevention of NEC. Methods: The databases, including Chinese Biomedical Literature Datebase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang database, and Weipu Periodical database, PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, were searched for studies on the risk factors for NEC in neonates. The meta-analysis was carried out with the aid of Stata software. Results: A total of 52 studies were included, with 48 case-control studies and 4 cohort studies. There were 166,580 neonates in total, with 33,522 neonates in the case group and 133,058 neonates in the control group. The meta-analysis showed that gestational diabetes (OR = 3.62, 95% CI:1.77–7.41), premature rupture of membranes (OR = 3.81, 95% CI:1.16–12.52), low birth weight (OR = 3.00, 95% CI:2.26–3.97), small for gestational age (OR = 1.85, 95% CI:1.15–2.97), septicemia (OR = 4.34, 95% CI:3.06–6.15), blood transfusion (OR = 3.08, 95% CI:2.16–4.38), congenital heart disease (OR = 2.73, 95% CI:1.10–6.78), respiratory distress syndrome (OR = 2.12, 95% CI:1.24–3.63), premature birth (OR = 5.63, 95% CI:2.91–10.92), pneumonia (OR = 4.07, 95% CI:2.84–5.82) were risk factors for NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding (OR = 0.37, 95% CI:0.23–0.59), take probiotics (OR = 0.30, 95% CI:0.22–0.40), prenatal use of glucocorticoids (OR = 0.39, 95% CI:0.30–0.50), Hyperbilirubinemia (OR = 0.28, 95% CI:0.09–0.86) were protective factors for NEC in neonates. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, low birth weight, small for gestational age, septicemia, blood transfusion, congenital heart disease, respiratory distress syndrome, premature birth, and pneumonia may increase the risk of NEC in neonates. Breastfeeding, taking probiotics, prenatal use of glucocorticoids, and Hyperbilirubinemia may reduce the risk of NEC in neonates.
Asprosin in health and disease, a new glucose sensor with central and peripheral metabolic effects; Adipose tissue malfunction leads to altered adipokine secretion which might consequently contribute to an array of metabolic diseases spectrum including obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disorders. Asprosin is a novel diabetogenic adipokine classified as a caudamin hormone protein. This adipokine is released from white adipose tissue during fasting and elicits glucogenic and orexigenic effects. Although white adipose tissue is the dominant source for this multitask adipokine, other tissues also may produce asprosin such as salivary glands, pancreatic B-cells, and cartilage. Significantly, plasma asprosin levels link to glucose metabolism, lipid profile, insulin resistance (IR), and β-cell function. Indeed, asprosin exhibits a potent role in the metabolic process, induces hepatic glucose production, and influences appetite behavior. Clinical and preclinical research showed dysregulated levels of circulating asprosin in several metabolic diseases including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD), and several types of cancer. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the asprosin role in the etiology and pathophysiological manifestations of these conditions. Asprosin could be a promising candidate for both novel pharmacological treatment strategies and diagnostic tools, although developing a better understanding of its function and signaling pathways is still needed.
Serum microcystin-LR levels and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A Chinese nested case-control study; Background: Previous experimental studies have reported an association between microcystin-LR (MC-LR) and glucose homeostasis, but whether exposure to MC-LR is a risk factor for the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) requires further epidemiological study. This study aims to explore the effects of MC-LR on GDM. Methods: A prospective nested case-control study was performed in the Hunan Provincial Maternal and Child Health Hospital (HPMCHH) in South China. A total of 119 patients with GDM and 238 controls were enrolled in the study. The two independent samples t-test, or chi-square test was used to compare the difference between the GDM group and the non-GDM group. Binary logistic regression was used to obtain odds ratios (ORs) by controlling for confounders. Results: The cumulative incidence of GDM in our sample was 13.7%. The detection rate of MC-LR in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the control group (44.2% vs. 29.4%; p=0.007). Our results show that an elevated serum MC-LR level in the first trimester of pregnancy was related to an increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.924; 95% CI: 1.092-3.391; p<0.05). When stratified by age, educational level, parity, and passive smoking, significantly relationships were observed among those aged >30 years, lower income, higher education, none passive smoking, and more likely to be multiparous. Conclusions: Our data reveals that serum MC-LR level in the first trimester is independently associated with GDM.
Firmicutes/Bacteroidetes Ratio of Gut Microbiota and Its Relationships with Clinical Parameters of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; BACKGROUND: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a global health problem with multifactorial etiopathogenesis. Recent studies show gut microbiota dysbiosis that plays a crucial role in pathogenesis and complications of T2DM. Firmicutes and Bacteroidetes phylum ratio (F/B ratio) is one of the markers for gut microbiota dysbiosis which remains to be investigated in recent decades. AIM: The present study summarized the correlation between B/F ratio with some clinical parameters of T2DM. METHODS: A systematic review of the literature for clinical studies was performed on PubMed, ProQuest, and Google Scholar. Studies were assessed for risk of bias using Newcastle–Ottawa scale. All observational cross-sectional, case–control, and cohort studies that studied F/B or B/F ratio in T2DM were included. Key evidence was analyzed and qualitatively synthesized. RESULT: Seven relevant studies were included. Five studies were high-quality and two studies were medium-quality. The F/B ratio of the gut microbiota varies in different types of T2DM and is associated with different clinical parameters. The F/B ratio decreased inT2DM and had significant negative correlation with OGTT blood glucose but had unsignificant correlation with fasting fasting blood glucose, postprandial blood glucose, and HbA1C. The F/B ratio might increase in T2DM and was positively correlated with lean tissue index and associated with the wider left atrial size. CONCLUSION: Current systematic review demonstrated that intestinal microbiota dysbiosis played a key role in the pathogenesis of T2DM. The gut microbiota F/B ratio was varied and was associated with various clinical parameters in T2DM.
Quantitative cardiac autonomic outcomes of hydrotherapy in women during the first stage of labor; Introduction: Most hydrotherapy studies during childbirth report findings related to pain using a widespread set of subjective measures. In this study, ECG biomarkers as quantitative cardiac autonomic outcomes were used to assess the effects of warm shower hydrotherapy on laboring women during the first stage of labor. Methods: This was a prospective single-blind cohort study on stage I delivering women. Their cardiac autonomic function was assessed using heart rate variability (HRV) measures during a deep breathing test using point-of-care testing comprised of an HRV scanner system with wireless ECG enabling real-time data analysis and visualization. Labor pain and anxiety were assessed using the Visual Analog Scale for Pain (VASP) and the Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). A total of 105 pregnant women in the first stage of labor who received warm shower hydrotherapy, intravenous analgesia (scopolamine + sodium dipyrone), or spinal anesthetic (bupivacaine + morphine) were enrolled. Results: In women during the first stage of labor, parasympathetic modulation reflected through RMSSD (root mean square of successive RR interval differences) was significantly reduced by hydrotherapy and intravenous analgesia (before vs. after mean rank diff. 35.73 and 65.93, respectively, p < 0.05). Overall HRV (SDNN, standard deviation of RR intervals) was significantly decreased only by intravenous analgesia (before vs. after mean rank diff. 65.43, p < 0.001). Mean heart rate was significantly increased by intravenous analgesia, while spinal anesthesia reduced it, and hydrotherapy did not alter it (before vs. after mean rank diff. –49.35*, 70.38*, –24.20NS, respectively, *p < 0.05, NS not significant). Conclusion: This study demonstrates that warm shower therapy may impact the sympathovagal balance via parasympathetic withdrawal in women during the initial stage of labor. The findings of this study provide quantitative support for using warm shower hydrotherapy during labor via point-of-care testing. The dependability of hydrotherapy as a non-pharmacological treatment is linked to the completion of more clinical research demonstrating quantitative evidence via outcome biomarkers to support indications on stress and birth progress.
Maternal hypothyroidism and its effect on placental histopathology in singleton live births resulting from in vitro fertilization treatment; We aimed to examine the impact of maternal hypothyroidism on placental pathology and perinatal outcomes in singleton live births resulting from IVF, using medical records of IVF births between 2009 and 2017 at a tertiary hospital. The primary outcomes included anatomical, inflammation, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation placental features. Secondary outcomes included foetal, maternal, perinatal, and delivery complications. There were 1,057 live births, of which 103 (9.7%) and 954 (90.3%) were in the study and control groups, respectively. Patients in the study group were more likely to have diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, and non-reassuring foetal heart rate (NRFHR) tracing during delivery. After adjustment for potential confounding factors, hypothyroidism was significantly associated with the bilobed placenta (aOR 4.1; 95% CI 1.2–14.3), retroplacental haematoma (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.2–4.9), decidual arteriopathy (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2–4.1) and subchorionic thrombi (aOR 2.4; 95% CI 1.3–5.0). Additionally, there was a statistically significant relationship with NRFHR tracing. The incidence of acute chorioamnionitis and severe foetal inflammatory response was higher in the study group. In conclusion, the placental histopathology patterns of singleton IVF live births show that maternal hypothyroidism has a significant impact on adverse perinatal outcomes.
Long-term effects of preeclampsia on maternal cardiovascular health and postpartum utilization of primary care: an observational claims data study; Purpose: Preeclampsia occurs in up to 15% of pregnancies and constitutes a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease. This observational cohort study aimed to examine the association between preeclamptic pregnancies and cardiovascular outcomes as well as primary and specialized care utilization after delivery. Methods: Using statutory claims data we identified women with singleton live births between 2010 and 2017. Main outcomes included the occurrence of either hypertension or cardiovascular disease after one or more preeclamptic pregnancies, number of contacts to a general practitioner or cardiologist after delivery and prescribed antihypertensive medication. Data were analyzed using Cox proportional hazard regression models adjusted for maternal age, diabetes, dyslipidemia, and obesity. Results: The study cohort consisted of 181,574 women with 240,698 births. Women who experienced preeclampsia once had an increased risk for cardiovascular (hazard ratio, HR = 1.29) or hypertensive (HR = 4.13) events. In women affected by recurrent preeclampsia, risks were even higher to develop cardiovascular disease (HR = 1.53) or hypertension (HR = 6.01). In the following years after delivery, general practitioners were seen frequently, whereas cardiologists were consulted rarely (0.3 and 2.4%). Conclusion: Women affected by preeclampsia experience an increased risk of developing chronic hypertension and cardiovascular disease, especially those with recurrent preeclampsia. Future medical guidelines should take this potential risk into account.
Livedo racemosa associated with central venous catheter use in a newborn; Livedo racemosa (LRac) refers to violaceous, red, or blue netlike mottling of the skin in an irregular pattern caused by circulatory abnormalities. Central venous catheters (CVC) are widely used in neonates who require intensive care to offer steady intravenous access. CVCs are covered with a hydrophilic polymer gel that reduces friction between the sheath and the vessel wall, thereby minimizing vascular spasm, irritation, and aneurysm formation. However, the introduction of foreign material into the vein carries a risk of embolization. Recently, LRac was reported as a cutaneous manifestation of hydrophilic polymer gel embolization (HPE) in adults. We present a case of LRac in a newborn that developed following CVC insertion and resolved spontaneously after the catheter was removed.
Evolution of the diagnostic value of “the sugar of the blood”: hitting the sweet spot to identify alterations in glucose dynamics; In this paper, we provide an overview of the evolution of the definition of hyperglycemia during the past century and the alterations in glucose dynamics that cause fasting and postprandial hyperglycemia. We discuss how extensive mechanistic, physiological research into the factors and pathways that regulate the appearance of glucose in the circulation and its uptake and metabolism by tissues and organs has contributed knowledge that has advanced our understanding of different types of hyperglycemia, namely prediabetes and diabetes and their subtypes (impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, combined impaired fasting plasma glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus), their relationships with medical complications, and how to prevent and treat hyperglycemia.
Feasibility and acceptability of continuous at-home glucose monitoring during pregnancy: a mixed-methods pilot study; Background: Continuous monitoring of glucose (CGM) via subcutaneous patch is an accurate self-monitoring tool of blood glucose, but also introduces a range of additional benefits such as real-time feedback. While its value among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is established in high-income countries, little is known about the feasibility and acceptability among pregnant women without GDM in low-resource settings in low- and middle-income countries. Objectives: This study aims to assess the feasibility and acceptability of CGM with pregnant mothers in South Africa and to explore the value of a collected data set for GDM prevention. Methods: Ten women between 12 and 18 weeks pregnant were recruited from the antenatal clinic at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital into a prospective mixed-methods pilot study. Demographic and anthropometric data, HbA1c and a lipid panel were collected. Women then wore two consecutive Freestyle Libre 2 patches for a total of 28 days. In-depth interviews were undertaken with all 10 women on study exit to explore themes of acceptability and the use of technology during pregnancy. Thematic analysis was performed on the qualitative data while exploratory data-analysis techniques were applied to the CGM data. Results: Pregnant women (n = 10) had a mean (SD) age of 29.81 years (4.39), with most being unemployed (8), unmarried (8) and without a tertiary degree (7). Analysis suggests that fear of use was greater than the actual discomfort experienced during use of the CGM patch. The main barrier to use was the patch falling off and women being uncomfortable to reapply it. This was borne out by all 10 women wearing the first patch for at least 12 of the 14 days, but only 4 managing the same with patch two–primarily applied by themselves at home. Women expressed support for the use of technology during pregnancy, especially as it related to feeling that their pregnancy was being monitored and that they were being supported. Conclusion: In this pilot study, women overwhelmingly found the wearing of a CGM patch during pregnancy to be acceptable. Feasibility was reasonable with most data being successfully retrieved from the devices over a two-week period. Longer use was found to have additional challenges. The use of CGM patches appear to be a possible candidate for inclusion in GDM prevention or behavioural interventions during pregnancy in South Africa.
Successful Management of Maternal Left Atrial Myxoma in Pregnancy; A 29-year-old woman (gravida 3, para 2) presented at 28 weeks+2 days of gestation with a two-months history of dyspnea associated with orthopnea and occasional palpitations. On transthoracic echocardiography, she was diagnosed with a 3.2 × 2.7 cm left atrial myxoma. The patient underwent open surgical resection at 30 weeks of gestation. She had an uneventful postoperative recovery and was discharged on the ninth day. At 41 weeks of gestation, she gave birth by cesarean to a healthy baby of normal weight. Both the mother and the baby were discharged in stable condition.
Does depression increase the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus? A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Data on the relationship between depression and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce and conflicting. We, hereby, aimed to review evidence if prior depression increases the risk of GDM. Methods: PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL, and Google Scholar databases were searched from inception to 11th September 2021 for English language studies reporting the relationship between depression and subsequent risk of GDM. Results: Ten studies were included. Meta-analysis of data from nine studies including 127,195 patients indicated that prior depression was associated with a significantly increased risk of GDM (OR: 1.29 95% CI: 1.10, 1.52). There was no change in the significance of the results on sensitivity analysis. On subgroup analysis based on study location, we noted that the association between depression and GDM was seen only in USA-based studies with the pooled analysis of non-USA studies indicating no such relationship. Similar conflicting results were noted on subgroup analysis based on diagnostic criteria for GDM and depression. Conclusion: Our study indicates that prior depression can lead to a 29% increased risk of GDM in pregnant females. Current evidence is derived from a limited number of studies with significant heterogeneity in the timing and diagnostic criteria for depression.
Transfixing Anterior Laryngeal Cleft in a Malformed Stillborn at Term: Case Report; Introduction: Laryngeal clefts (LC) are upper respiratory malformations predominately found in the posterior laryngeal wall. The frequency is 1:10,000, more frequently affect males, and can be syndromic features. There is no report of a transfixing anterior laryngeal cleft. Case report: This diabetic mother at full-term pregnancy delivered a stillborn macrosomic 4780 g dysmorphic stillborn male with left renal agenesis, aortic coarctation, and anterior laryngeal cleft. Conclusion: Anterior laryngeal clefts can occur, and in this case, occurred in association with renal agenesis and maternal diabetes.
Infants with macrosomia and infants of diabetic mothers have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in childhood; Incidence of diabetes during pregnancy is increasing worldwide, and intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure may have long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children. We investigated prospectively the risk of atherosclerosis and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in infants born macrosomic and in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) at the age of 8–9 years in 2021. A total of 49 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM group) and 13 macrosomic infants (macrosomic group) were included in the study. They were compared with 26 age-matched healthy children with birth weight appropriate for gestational age born to non-diabetic mothers (control group). Anthropometric measurements, atherosclerosis risk factors, and CIMT measurements were performed. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of age, gender, actual anthropometric measurements, blood pressure measurements, laboratory parameters, or atherosclerosis risk factors. Gestational age was lower in the IDM group (p < 0.001), while birth weight was higher in the macrosomic group (p < 0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol level was lower in the IDM group than the other groups. Duration of exclusive and total breastfeeding was lower in IDM group than in the control group (p < 0.001 for both). Body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist-to-hip ratio, and waist-to-height ratio were higher in those breastfed for less than 6 months in the IDM group. The CIMT values were statistically higher in IDM [0.43 ± 0.047 (0.34–0.60)] and macrosomic [0.40 ± 0.055 (0.33–0.50)] groups than control group [0.34 ± 0.047 (0.26–0.45)]. Conclusion: CIMT values were higher in IDM and macrosomic groups at 8–9 years old age compared to children born with normal birth weight. This indicates intrauterine exposure in both groups. And also, breastfeeding seems very important for IDMs.What is Known:• Intrauterine hyperglycemia exposure has long-term adverse effects on the cardiovascular health of children.• Infants of diabetic mothers have higher carotid artery intima-media thickness at birth.What is New:• Both infants of diabetic mothers and infants with macrosomia have increased carotid artery intima-media thickness at the age of 8-9 years.• Duration of breast feeding is important especially in infants of diabetic mothers as body mass index, skinfold thickness, waist to hip and height ratio were higher in those breastfed less than 6 months.
Physician cesarean delivery rates and severe perinatal morbidity among low-risk nulliparas; Objective: To estimate the individual physician cesarean delivery rate associated with serious perinatal morbidity. Study design: Study of nulliparous, term, singleton, vertex deliveries with maternal-neonatal dyad data (2015–2017) in the MarketScan Research Database. An individual cesarean delivery rate was calculated for all delivering physicians. The primary maternal outcome included transfusion of ≥4 units of blood, intensive care unit (ICU) admission, venous thromboembolism, or hysterectomy. The primary neonatal outcome included hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, seizure, cardiopulmonary resuscitation or ventilator use (within 24 h), or ICU admission. Multivariable modeling of the association between physician cesarean delivery rate and each outcome was performed. Results: Among 77,058 maternal-neonatal dyads, the maternal composite occurred in 1.3% of deliveries and neonatal composite in 3.6% of deliveries. The likelihood of the maternal (aOR 1.03 for each 3% increase in physician cesarean delivery rate, 95% CI 1.021–1.043) and neonatal (aOR 1.02 for each 3% increase, 95% CI 1.014–1.027) composite outcome increased linearly with increasing physician cesarean delivery rate. Conclusions: Severe perinatal morbidity was associated with increasing individual physician cesarean delivery rates.
Does the type of pushing at delivery influence pelvic floor function at 2 months postpartum? A pragmatic randomized trial—The EOLE study; Introduction: Maternal pushing techniques during the second stage of labor may affect women's pelvic floor function. Our main objective was to assess the impact of the type of pushing used at delivery on the mother's medium-term pelvic floor function. Material and methods: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial (clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02474745) that took place in four French hospitals from 2015 through 2017 (n = 250). Women in labor with a singleton fetus in cephalic presentation at term who had undergone standardized training in both of these types of pushing were randomized after cervical dilation ≥7 cm. The exclusion criteria were a previous cesarean, a cesarean delivery in this pregnancy or a fetal heart rate anomaly. In the intervention group, open-glottis (OG) pushing was defined as a prolonged exhalation contracting the abdominal muscles to help move the fetus down the birth canal. Closed-glottis (CG) pushing was defined as Valsalva pushing. The principal outcome was the stage of pelvic organ prolapse (POP) assessed by the Pelvic Organ Prolapse-Quantification 2 months after delivery. A secondary outcome was incidence of urinary incontinence (UI). The results of our multivariable, modified intention-to-treat analysis are reported as crude relative risks (RRs) with their 95% confidence intervals. Results: Our analysis included 207 women. Mode of birth was similar in both groups. The two groups did not differ for stage II POP: 10 of 104 (9.4%) in the OG group compared with 7 of 98 (7.1%) in the CG group, for a RR 1.32, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.52–3.33, and an adjusted RR of 1.22, 95% CI 0.42–3.6. Similarly, the incidence of UI did not differ: 26.7% in the OG group and 28.6% in the CG group (aRR 0.81, 95% CI 0.42–1.53). Subgroup analysis suggests that for secundiparous and multiparous women, OG pushing could have a protective effect on the occurrence of UI (RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.13–0.80). Conclusions: The type of directed pushing used at delivery did not impact the occurrence of pelvic organ prolapse 2 months after delivery. OG pushing may have a protective effect against UI among secundiparous and multiparous women.
The Association between Placenta Accreta Spectrum Severity and Incidence of Small for Gestational Age Neonates; Objective The aim of the study is to evaluate whether pathologic severity of placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) is correlated with the incidence of small for gestational age (SGA) and neonatal birthweight. Study Design This was a multicenter cohort study of viable, non-anomalous, singleton gestations delivered with histology-proven PAS. Data including maternal history, neonatal birthweight, and placental pathology were collected and deidentified. Pathology was defined as accreta, increta, or percreta. The primary outcome was rate of SGA defined by birth weight less than the 10th percentile. The secondary outcomes included incidence of large for gestational age (LGA) babies as defined by birth weight greater than the 90th percentile as well as incidence of SGA and LGA in preterm and term gestations. Statistical analysis was performed using Chi-square, Kruskal-Wallis, and log-binomial regression. Increta and percreta patients were each compared with accreta patients. Results Among the cohort of 1,008 women from seven United States centers, 865 subjects were included in the analysis. The relative risk (RR) of SGA for increta and percreta did not differ from accreta after adjusting for confounders (adjusted RR = 0.63, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.36-1.10 for increta and aRR = 0.72, 95% CI: 0.45-1.16 for percreta). The results were stratified by placenta previa status, which did not affect results. There was no difference in incidence of LGA (p = 1.0) by PAS pathologic severity. The incidence of SGA for all PAS patients was 9.2% for those delivered preterm and 18.7% for those delivered at term (p = 0.004). The incidence of LGA for all PAS patients was 12.6% for those delivered preterm and 13.2% for those delivered at term (p = 0.8203). Conclusion There was no difference in incidence of SGA or LGA when comparing accreta to increta or percreta patients regardless of previa status. Although we cannot suggest causation, our results suggest that PAS, regardless of pathologic severity, is not associated with pathologic fetal growth in the preterm period. Key Points PAS severity is not associated with SGA in the preterm period. PAS severity is not associated with LGA. Placenta previa does not affect the incidence of SGA in women with PAS.
Management of term breech presentation; Key content: While most breech babies are delivered by caesarean section, a small number are born vaginally. Detailed counselling and an accoucher skilled in vaginal breech birth (VBB) are essential for offering the modality. External cephalic version (ECV) is safe, acceptable to most women, has few contraindications and increases vaginal birth rates. Undiagnosed term breech presentation can largely be prevented by routine third-trimester ultrasound. Research is needed to evaluate the efficacy of VBB simulation training in clinical practice. Learning objectives: To understand the evidence base around breech presentation at term, including ECV, VBB, caesarean section and adjunctive methods of cephalic version. To understand the prerequisites for, and contraindications to, VBB. To understand the principles of physiological breech birth. To appreciate the variation in management of term breech presentation internationally and understand the impact of various publications. Ethical issues: With falling rates of VBB, and many units now unable to offer the modality, questions surround the appropriateness of national guidance continuing to present vaginal breech as routine. Conversations around breech birth isolate discussion of risk to the fetus. Maternal risk, which may extend beyond the current pregnancy, cannot be overlooked.
Early Life Determinants of Vascular Structure in Fetuses, Infants, Children, and Adolescents: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Objective: To investigate the association between early life exposures during the first 1000 days (conception to age 24 months) and aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), an early indicator of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, in youths. Study design: The MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, CINAHL, and Allied and Complementary Medicine databases were searched from inception to July 2021. Eligibility criteria included observational controlled studies in youths aged <20 years with risk factors/exposures during the first 1000 days and aIMT measurements (unadjusted mean ± SD). Outcome data were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis. Meta-regression was used to investigate confounders. Results: A total of 8657 articles were identified, of which 34 were included in our meta-analysis. The age of participants ranged from 22.9 weeks gestation in utero to 10.9 years. In the meta-analysis (n = 1220 cases, n = 1997 controls), the following factors were associated with greater aIMT: small for gestational age (SGA) status (14 studies, mean difference, 0.082 mm; 95% CI, 0.051-0.112; P < .001; I2 = 97%), intrauterine growth restriction (6 studies; mean difference, 0.198 mm, 95% CI, 0.088-0.309; P < .001; I2 = 97%), preeclampsia (2 studies; mean difference, 0.038 mm; 95% CI, 0.024-0.051; P < .001; I2 = 38%), and large for gestational age (LGA) status (3 studies; mean difference, 0.089 mm; 95% CI, 0.043-0.0136; P < .001; I2 = 93%). In meta-regression, older age (P < .001), higher prevalence of maternal smoking (P = .04), and SGA (P < .001) were associated with greater difference in aIMT in preterm participants compared with controls. Limitations included the high heterogeneity present in most meta-analyses and the scope of our meta-regression. Conclusions: Adverse early life exposures are associated with greater aIMT in youths, consistent with an increased risk for CVD later in life. Further research is needed to determine whether intervention and preventive strategies deliver clinical benefits to improve future cardiovascular health.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology (from a National Inpatient Sample Analysis 2008 to 2019); Women who conceive through assisted reproductive technology (ART) have a known increased risk of obstetric complications. However, whether ART is also associated with higher risk of developing cardiovascular complications during delivery admissions has not been well established. We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008 to 2019) and used the International Classification of Diseases codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedures. A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among women who conceived through ART (n = 108,542). Women with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs 28 years, p <0.01) and had a higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p <0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, co-morbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum cardiovascular complications, including pre-eclampsia/eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.45 to 1.51), heart failure (aOR 1.94, 95% CI 1.10 to 3.40), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39, 95% CI 1.30 to 1.48), compared with natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.25 to 2.92), ischemic stroke (aOR 1.73, 95% CI 1.24 to 2.43), hemorrhagic stroke (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.11), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29, 95% CI 2.02 to 2.61), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92, 95% CI 1.63 to 2.25) were higher with ART. However, odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs 2 days, p <0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs $3,922, p <0.01) were higher for deliveries among women with a history of ART. In conclusion, women who conceived with ART had higher risk of pre-eclampsia, heart failure, arrhythmias, stroke, and other complications during their delivery hospitalizations. This may, in part, contribute to their increased resource utilization seen.
Association of adverse pregnancy outcomes and multiple gestation with natural menopause: A population-based cohort study; Objective: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and early menopause are each associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD); whether APOs are associated with age at menopause is unclear. We examined the association of gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth, and multiple gestation with age at natural menopause. Study design: Observational, prospective study within the Nurses' Health Study II cohort (1989–2019). Main outcomes measures: Risk of early natural menopause, defined as occurring before the age of 45 years, and age at onset of natural menopause (hazard ratio (HR) >1 indicates younger age at menopause). Results: The mean [SD] baseline age of 69,880 parous participants was 34.5 [4.7] years. Compared with participants who had a term singleton first birth, those with a term multiple-gestation first birth had higher risk of early menopause (HR: 1.65, 95% CI: 1.05, 2.60) and younger age at natural menopause (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.31, 1.63). Estimates for preterm multiple gestation were of similar magnitude. Menopause occurred at a younger age for those with a preterm birth with spontaneous labor (HR: 1.08, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.14) compared to those with a term birth with spontaneous labor. Conversely, estimates for GDM (HR: 0.95, 95% CI: 0.89, 1.02) and HDP (preeclampsia, HR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.89, 0.97) suggested an association with older age at menopause. Conclusions: In this large cohort study, several statistically significant associations between APOs and age at natural menopause were observed. A deeper understanding of the relationships among APOs, menopause, and CVD is needed to help identify people at higher risk for early menopause and later CVD.
Physical activity and pregnancy outcomes: an expert review; This expert review aimed to assess current literature on the effect and tracking of physical activity during pregnancy and associated outcomes. Self-reported physical activity may be inaccurate given the subjective nature of the questionnaires. The accelerometer ActiGraph is considered the “gold standard” to objectively measure physical activity. However, other more user-friendly wearable devices are now widely available and may accurately track physical activity. Conclusive data from both validated activity questionnaires and accelerometers indicate that physical activity is safe during pregnancy. In addition, studies of physical activity during pregnancy that evaluate pregnancy outcomes have found reduced risks of preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus and improved mental health among individuals who regularly engage in physical activity. In the United States, approximately 48% of pregnant individuals gain more than the recommended amount of weight during pregnancy; excessive gestational weight gain is associated with an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, including preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus, and corresponding higher adverse short- and long-term maternal and offspring health outcomes. Although physical activity is safe during pregnancy and may reduce excessive gestational weight gain and resultant pregnancy complications, further research is needed to determine the frequency and duration of specific types of physical activity during pregnancy. Providers should encourage physical activity before and during pregnancy and educate patients regarding the benefits and safety of physical activity.
Pregnancy as an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus: FIGO Best Practice Advice; Gestational diabetes (GDM) impacts approximately 17 million pregnancies worldwide. Women with a history of GDM have an 8–10-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women without prior GDM. Although it is possible to prevent and/or delay progression of GDM to type 2 diabetes, this is not widely undertaken. Considering the increasing global rates of type 2 diabetes and CVD in women, it is essential to utilize pregnancy as an opportunity to identify women at risk and initiate preventive intervention. This article reviews existing clinical guidelines for postpartum identification and management of women with previous GDM and identifies key recommendations for the prevention and/or delayed progression to type 2 diabetes for global clinical practice.
Acute coronary syndrome during pregnancy and postpartum in France: the nationwide CONCEPTION study; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular diseases, including acute coronary syndromes, are the leading cause of maternal death in many developed countries. OBJECTIVE: We assessed acute coronary syndrome incidences during pregnancy, peripartum, and postpartum periods. We also compared overall pregnancy (ie, covering all 3 periods) incidence with that found in nonpregnant women of childbearing age. STUDY DESIGN: All women aged between 15 and 49 years without ischemic heart disease who delivered between 2010 and 2018 in France were included in the CONCEPTION cohort. Data were extracted from the French National Health Insurance Information System database. Acute coronary syndromes were defined according to the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision codes recorded in the principal hospital diagnosis. We used Poisson regression to estimate crude acute coronary syndrome incidences, and tested age-adjusted Poisson models to compare the incidence risk ratio of acute coronary syndrome between pregnant and nonpregnant women, with 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Among 6,298,967 deliveries in France, we observed 225 first-time acute coronary syndrome diagnoses during overall pregnancy (overall pregnancy-related acute coronary syndrome incidence, 4.34/100,000 person-years; 1 case/23,000 pregnancies). In multivariate analysis, independent factors associated with acute coronary syndrome were age, social deprivation, obesity, tobacco use, chronic hypertension, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (all P<.05). Among the nonpregnant women aged 15 to 49 years in the general French population, 18,247 cases of acute coronary syndrome (incidence, 16.5/100,000 person-years) occurred throughout the whole study period (>100 million person-years). Compared with the acute coronary syndrome incidence in nonpregnant women, age-adjusted overall pregnancy-related acute coronary syndrome incidence was lower (incidence rate ratio, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.57-0.98; P<.05). Although compared with nonpregnant women, age-adjusted incidence rates were lower during pregnancy, risk was increased during peripartum and postpartum periods. CONCLUSION: With an incidence of 4.34 per 100,000 person-years, acute coronary syndrome still accounts for a significant proportion of maternal mortality. The peripartum and postpartum periods remain high-risk periods, and greater efforts should be made in terms of acute coronary syndrome prevention, especially because several cardiovascular risk factors are treatable, such as tobacco use and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Diabetes-related distress and associated factors among adults with diabetes in Germany: Results of the nationwide study “Disease knowledge and information needs – Diabetes mellitus 2017”; Background: Diabetes-related distress (DRD) can affect diabetes management adversely. In lack of population-based data, the frequency and determinants of DRD among adults with diabetes in Germany remain controversial. Methods: This study included 1367 adults with diabetes who participated in a nationwide health telephone survey conducted among German adults aged 18 years and older in 2017. The short form of the Problem Areas in Diabetes (PAID-5) scale was used to assess DRD. The associations of high DRD (PAID-5 sum score ≥ 8) with socio-demographics, diabetes-related risk factors, diabetes clinical characteristics as well as quality of self-care and chronic illness care assessed by patients were tested in multivariable logistic regression models. Results: The overall DRD prevalence was 15.1% (95% confidence intervals, 95% CIs, 12.5–18.0%) with no significant difference between men (14.7%, 95% CIs 11.2–19.1%) and women (15.4%, 11.9–19.8%). In multivariable analyses, DRD was significantly associated with younger age (odds ratio 0.96, 95% CIs 0.94–0.98, per year), immigration background (2.26, 1.16–4.42), current smoking (2.06, 1.14–3.70), insulin use (2.57, 1.45–4.56), and the presence of diabetes-specific complications (1.80, 1.10–2.94) or depressive symptoms (5.34, 3.24–8.81). Among those with depressive symptoms (18,4% of the study population), 38.3% also had DRD, which accounted for 7.0% (95% CIs 5.3–9.3%) of the study population. Conclusion: DRD is a common health problem among adults with diabetes in Germany, and highly correlates with depressive symptoms, current smoking, immigration background, and insulin use. Addressing DRD needs to become an integrative part of ambulatory diabetes care.
Does a video module improve patient adherence to recommended gestational weight gain guidelines?; Objectives: We aim to assess if implementation of an educational video module can improve patient adherence to recommended weight gain guidelines. Secondarily, we investigated if patients’ knowledge about gestational weight gain was improved with use of the video, as well as if there was a difference in maternal and neonatal outcomes, and patient satisfaction. Methods: This was an IRB-approved, prospective cohort study conducted from February 2019 to October 2019. Patients were recruited from a large academic practice during their first trimester of pregnancy. Patients in the control cohort received routine care. Patients in the video cohort watched a 5-min educational video module about gestational weight gain. Pre-pregnancy weight and baseline demographics were recorded. All patients took a baseline questionnaire assessing gestational weight gain knowledge upon enrollment, and again 4 weeks later. Pre and post score differences were calculated. On admission to the hospital for delivery, all patients’ gestational weight gain was calculated, and the overall gestational weight gain differences between the two groups were calculated. Maternal and neonatal delivery outcomes were also collected. T-tests, Mann-Whitney U tests, and Chi-square analyses were used to compare groups, and a p-value of <.05 was deemed statistically significant. Results: During the study period, 155 patients were recruited, with 79 in control cohort and 76 in video cohort, respectively. There was no significant difference in the percentage of patients who gained the appropriate amount of weight between the two groups; 25% (18/74) of patients in the control vs. 25% (17/68) of patients in video cohort (p =.926). There was no difference in the improvement of the pre and post assessment scores when compared between the two cohorts; the average score improvement was 1.72 ± 15.09% for the control, vs. 6.20 ± 12.51% for video cohort (p =.129). There was no difference in maternal or neonatal outcomes between the two groups. Patients were overall satisfied with the video module, with 67.6% (n = 45) reporting the video to be very educational. Conclusions: Use of a video module did not improve GWG outcomes or knowledge in our study. Future work can focus on use of a recurring intervention throughout pregnancy, either with app-based technology or multiple videos.
Gender Differences and Cardiometabolic Risk: The Importance of the Risk Factors; Metabolic syndrome (Mets) is a clinical condition characterized by a cluster of major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes: proatherogenic dyslipidemia, elevated blood pressure, dysglycemia, and abdominal obesity. Each risk factor has an independent effect, but, when aggregated, they become synergistic, doubling the risk of developing cardiovascular diseases and causing a 1.5-fold increase in all-cause mortality. We will highlight gender differences in the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and clinical expression of the aforementioned Mets components. Moreover, we will discuss gender differences in new biochemical markers of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk.
Preeclampsia and Obesity—The Preventive Role of Exercise; Obesity is now recognized as a worldwide epidemic. An inadequate diet and reduced physical activity are acknowledged as the leading causes of excess body weight. Despite growing evidence that obesity is a risk factor for unsuccessful pregnancies, almost half of all women who become pregnant today are overweight or obese. Common complications of pregnancy in this group of women are preeclampsia and gestational hypertension. These conditions are also observed more frequently in women with excessive weight gain during pregnancy. Preeclampsia is one of the most serious pregnancy complications with an unpredictable course, which in its most severe forms, threatens the life and health of the mother and her baby. The early identification of the risk factors for preeclampsia development, including obesity, allows for the implementation of prophylaxis and a reduction in maternal and fetal complications risk. Additionally, preeclampsia and obesity are the recognized risk factors for developing cardiovascular disease in later life, so prophylaxis and treating obesity are paramount for their prevention. Thus, a proper diet and physical activity might play an essential role in the prophylaxis of preeclampsia in this group of women. Limiting weight gain during pregnancy and modifying the metabolic risk factors with regular physical exercise creates favorable metabolic conditions for pregnancy development and benefits the elements of the pathogenetic sequence for preeclampsia development. In addition, it is inexpensive, readily available and, in the absence of contraindications to its performance, safe for the mother and fetus. However, for this form of prevention to be effective, it should be applied early in pregnancy and, for overweight and obese women, proposed as an essential part of planning pregnancy. This paper aims to present the mechanisms of the development of hypertension in pregnancy in obese women and the importance of exercise in its prevention.
Serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein in pregnancy complications and correlation with markers of placental dysfunction; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension), diabetes mellitus, and placental dysfunction confer an increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular disease. Preeclampsia is also associated with acute atherosis that involves lesions of uteroplacental spiral arteries, resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. Serum amyloid A1 is involved in hypercoagulability and atherosclerosis and may aggregate into amyloid—aggregations of misfolded proteins. Pregnancy zone protein may inhibit amyloid aggregation. Amyloid is involved in Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease; it has been identified in preeclampsia, but its role in preeclampsia pathophysiology is unclear. OBJECTIVE: We hypothesized that serum amyloid A1 would be increased and pregnancy zone protein decreased in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and diabetic pregnancies and that serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein would correlate with placental dysfunction markers (fetal growth restriction and dysregulated angiogenic biomarkers) and acute atherosis. STUDY DESIGN: Serum amyloid A1 is measurable in both the serum and plasma. In our study, plasma from 549 pregnancies (normotensive, euglycemic controls: 258; early-onset preeclampsia: 71; late-onset preeclampsia: 98; gestational hypertension: 30; chronic hypertension: 9; diabetes mellitus: 83) was assayed for serum amyloid A1 and pregnancy zone protein. The serum levels of angiogenic biomarkers soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 and placental growth factor were available for 547 pregnancies, and the results of acute atherosis evaluation were available for 313 pregnancies. The clinical characteristics and circulating biomarkers were compared between the pregnancy groups using the Mann-Whitney U, chi-squared, or Fisher exact test as appropriate. Spearman's rho was calculated for assessing correlations. RESULTS: In early-onset preeclampsia, serum amyloid A1 was increased compared with controls (17.1 vs 5.1 µg/mL, P<.001), whereas pregnancy zone protein was decreased (590 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.002). Pregnancy zone protein was also decreased in diabetes compared with controls (683 vs 892 µg/mL, P=.01). Serum amyloid A1 was associated with placental dysfunction (fetal growth restriction, elevated soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio). Pregnancy zone protein correlated negatively with soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 to placental growth factor ratio in all study groups. Acute atherosis was not associated with serum amyloid A1 or pregnancy zone protein. CONCLUSION: Proteins involved in atherosclerosis, hypercoagulability, and protein misfolding are dysregulated in early-onset preeclampsia and placental dysfunction, which links them and potentially contributes to future maternal cardiovascular disease.
Diazoxide-Induced Hypertrichosis in a Neonate With Transient Hyperinsulinism; Diazoxide is one of the FDA-approved pharmacologic treatments for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia, however, its adverse effects in infants are not well described. We reported a 37-week-old boy with the diagnosis of hypoglycemia. We started a dextrose infusion, but we used oral diazoxide, due to hypoglycemia episodes despite the increase in dextrose intake. The newborn had a normoglycemic condition after gradually increasing the diazoxide dose to 15 mg/kg/day. He was fully breastfed and discharged at 14 days of age with ongoing diazoxide. In weekly serial clinical follow-ups, the parents noticed an increase in the growth of forehead and facial hair that was diagnosed as diazoxide-induced hypertrichosis. Diazoxide was gradually tapered, and hypertrichosis continued until 1 month after dioxide discontinuation. Diazoxide use in NICU settings has increased over time. Diazoxide has many side effects, one of which is hypertrichosis. Many diazoxide side effects have been reported in adults or children and few studies have reported the prevalence of these adverse effects of diazoxide in neonates and infants.
Dietary cholesterol consumption and incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A dose–response meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies; Background and aim: The purpose of this meta-analysis was to evaluate the dose–response relationship between dietary cholesterol (DC) consumption and the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Methods and results: Prospective studies with the endpoint of T2DM were included. The Random-effect model weighted by inverse variance was used. Meta-regression and subgroup analyses were conducted to explore the potential sources of heterogeneity by specified study characteristics. Restricted cubic splines regression models were used to estimate the dose–response relationship. 11 prospective studies comprising of 355 230 subjects were included. Compared to lowest DC consumption, highest DC consumption was associated with an increased risk of T2DM (RR 1.15, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.28, P = 0.012; chi-squared = 31.41, I-squared 58.6%, P heterogeneity = 0.003). Subgroup analyses have shown that this positive association was more evident in western countries than in eastern countries (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.36 VS 1.34, 95% CI 0.84 to 1.29; P subgroup difference = 0.02). For 100 mg/d increment in DC intake, the pooled RR was 1.05, (95% CI 1.04 to 1.07, Plinearity = 0.000, Pnonlinearity = 0.02), 1.06 (95% CI 1.04 to 1.07, Plinearity=0.000), and 1.01 (95% CI 0.98 to 1.05, Plinearity = 0.525) for the incidence of T2DM, in western and eastern countries, respectively. Conclusions: Our study suggests that there is a positive dose–response association between DC consumption and the incidence of T2DM, especially in western countries. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020216318.
Vitamin C supplementation for diabetes management: A comprehensive narrative review; Growing evidence suggests that vitamin C supplementation may be an effective adjunct therapy in the management of people with diabetes. This paper critically reviews the current evidence on effects of vitamin C supplementation and its potential mechanisms in diabetes management. Evidence from meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) show favourable effects of vitamin C on glycaemic control and blood pressure that may be clinically meaningful, and mixed effects on blood lipids and endothelial function. However, evidence is mostly of low evidence certainty. Emerging evidence is promising for effects of vitamin C supplementation on some diabetes complications, particularly diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is a notable lack of robust and well-designed studies exploring effects of vitamin C as a single compound supplement on diabetes prevention and patient-important outcomes (i.e. prevention and amelioration of diabetes complications). RCTs are also required to investigate potential preventative or ameliorative effects of vitamin C on gestational diabetes outcomes. Oral vitamin C doses of 500–1000 mg per day are potentially effective, safe, and affordable for many individuals with diabetes. However, personalisation of supplementation regimens that consider factors such as vitamin C status, disease status, current glycaemic control, vitamin C intake, redox status, and genotype is important to optimize vitamin C's therapeutic effects safely. Finally, given a high prevalence of vitamin C deficiency in patients with complications, it is recommended that plasma vitamin C concentration be measured and monitored in the clinic setting.
Fetal heart biventricular diameter/foot length index as a diagnostic marker of fetal macrosomia in the second and third trimester of pregnancy; Purpose: Fetal macrosomia may have serious effects on both mother and newborn, so it is important to correctly evaluate the fetal weight before delivery. Fetal routine biometry, height of the fundus of uterus, interventricular septal thickness seems to be very good but still not perfect. In our study the relation between fetal biventricular (AP) diameter and fetal foot length was elaborated in the 2nd and 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Material and methods: The analyzed group (n = 423 fetuses) was divided into 2 subgroups: a control group (n = 109 fetuses) with normal biometry, normal heart anatomy and normal cardiac function, no extracardiac malformation, no extracardiac anomalies, gestational age ranged from 17.5 to 37.1 weeks of gestation, born at term with birth weight 3000–3600 g, and a study group (n = 314 fetuses) with gestational age 17.5–39.5 weeks. Among the study group there were 20 patients (n = 20 fetuses) with macrosomia defined as a neonatal birth weight of greater than or equal to 4000 g. The control group was used to generate normograms on fetal AP, foot length and AP/Foot Index. The Statistica 13.3 and Excel 365 software were used to calculate the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value and negative predictive values. Results: In control group, the mean biventricular fetal heart (AP) measurement was 23 mm (12.9 mm–38 mm), the mean foot length was 43 mm (24 mm–71 mm), and the mean AP/Foot Index was 0.52 (0.40–0.65). The value of the AP/Foot Index in the second trimester of the control group was 0.53, whereas the AP/Foot Index in the third trimester of pregnancy was 0.51. The use of standard fetal biometry resulted in the prediction of macrosomia in 20%, whereas the AP/Foot index in addition to standard fetal biometry enabled the detection of 65% of macrosomia. Conclusions: The AP/Foot Index higher than 0.52 has greater sensitivity and negative predictive value to detect macrosomia compared to standard ultrasound fetal biometry.
Clinical outcomes of pulmonary hypertension in pregnancy among women with congenital heart disease in China; Objective: Pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) increases the risk for perinatal women and newborns, especially in women with congenital heart disease (CHD). We explored the maternal, perinatal, and postneonatal outcomes of PAH in pregnant women with CHD in China. Methods: A total of 95 pregnant women with CHD-PAH in Beijing Anzhen Hospital from 2009 to 2013 were included retrospectively. We described their characteristics and examined the associations between the grade of PAH and maternal, perinatal, and postneonatal outcomes. Results: The New York Heart Association (NYHA) classification grade, delivery mode, and infant outcomes in CHD-PAH patients were analyzed. Overall 95 patients with CHD-PAH, there were 17 patients in mild group(17.7%), 27 patients in moderate group (28.1%), and 51 patients in severe group (53.1%)The CHD patients with mild PAH, were mostly NYHA class I–II and CHD patients with severe PAH were NYHA class II–IVs. Cesarean section (67.7%) was the most common method of delivery. The rate of therapeutic abortion in the severe group (76.9%) was obviously higher than that in other groups (11.5% in mild group and moderate group respectively), whereas there was no term delivery in severe group, with 2 cases in mild group and moderated group respectively. The rates of heart failure and therapeutic abortion in pregnant women were positively associated with the severity of PAH. The rate of term delivery was higher in patients whose CHD had been corrected by cardiac surgery (83.3%) before pregnancy. Conclusion: Patients with severe PAH have poor cardiac adaptability, poor maternal and fetal outcomes, and are contraindicated during pregnancy. Patients with mild PAH are not absolutely contraindicated during pregnancy, but their heart burden increases significantly in the third trimester. Patients in mid-gestation should preferentially be delivered by cesarean section. When pregnant patients prefer to continue pregnancy, their close monitoring is essential. We provide useful data for guiding management of pregnancy and delivery in patients with CHD in China.
Significant publications in diabetes pharmacotherapy and technology in 2020; Introduction: The most significant articles on diabetes pharmacotherapy and technology in the peer-reviewed literature from 2020, as determined by a panel of pharmacists with expertise in diabetes care and education, are summarized. Areas covered: Members of the Association of Diabetes Care and Education Specialists Pharmacy Community of Interest were selected to review articles published in prominent peer-reviewed journals in 2020 that most impacted diabetes pharmacotherapy and technology. A list of 37 nominated articles were compiled (22 in diabetes pharmacotherapy and 15 in diabetes technology). Based on discussion among the authors, the articles were ranked based on significant contribution, impact, and diversity to diabetes pharmacotherapy and technology. The top 10 highest ranked publications (n = 6 for diabetes pharmacotherapy and n = 4 in diabetes technology) are summarized in this article. Expert opinion: With the significant number of publications in diabetes care and education, it can be challenging and overwhelming to remain current with published literature. This review article may be helpful in identifying key articles in diabetes pharmacotherapy and technology from the year 2020.
Establishment and validation of a predictive nomogram for gestational diabetes mellitus during early pregnancy term: A retrospective study; Objective: This study aims to develop and evaluate a predictive nomogram for early assessment risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during early pregnancy term, so as to help early clinical management and intervention. Methods: A total of 824 pregnant women at Zhongnan Hospital of Wuhan University and Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Hubei Province from 1 February 2020 to 30 April 2020 were enrolled in a retrospective observational study and comprised the training dataset. Routine clinical and laboratory information was collected; we applied least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (LASSO) logistic regression and multivariate ROC risk analysis to determine significant predictors and establish the nomogram, and the early pregnancy files (gestational weeks 12–16, n = 392) at the same hospital were collected as a validation dataset. We evaluated the nomogram via the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve, C-index, calibration curve, and decision curve analysis (DCA). Results: We conducted LASSO analysis and multivariate regression to establish a GDM nomogram during the early pregnancy term; the five selected risk predictors are as follows: age, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), fibrinogen-to-albumin ratio (FAR), blood urea nitrogen-to-creatinine ratio (BUN/Cr), and blood urea nitrogen-to-albumin ratio (BUN/ALB). The calibration curve and DCA present optimal predictive power. DCA demonstrates that the nomogram could be applied clinically. Conclusion: An effective nomogram that predicts GDM should be established in order to help clinical management and intervention at the early gestational stage.
Use of Sotrovimab in a cohort of pregnant women with a high risk of COVID 19 progression: a single-center experience; Neutralizing monoclonal antibodies (mAbs) have been shown to reduce disease progression in patients with underlying predisposing conditions. Unfortunately, there is no evidence on the use of Sotrovimab in pregnant women. Herein we present a case series of pregnant women who received mAbs with Sotrovimab following the Italian Drug Agency (AIFA) indications. Since February 1, 2022 all pregnant women–regardless of gestational age–admitted to Obstetrics & Gynaecology of Policlinico University of Bari, with positive nasopharyngeal NAAT for SARS-CoV-2 were screened according to the AIFA indications for Sotrovimab and, if eligible, were proposed for treatment. Data on COVID-19, pregnancy, delivery, newborn outcomes, and adverse events were collected. From February 1 to May 15, 2022, 58 pregnant women were screened. Fifty (86%) patients were eligible, 19 of them (32.7%) denied their consent, in 18 cases (31%), the drug was temporarily unavailable, and the remaining 13 (22%) were treated with Sotrovimab. Out of these 13 patients, 6 (46%) were in the 3rd and 7 (54%) in the 2nd trimester of pregnancy. None of the 13 patients experienced adverse reactions due to Sotrovimab and all had a good clinical outcome. Furthermore, evaluating pre- and post-infusion clinical status and hematochemical profile, a reduction in D-dimers and an increase in SARS-CoV-2 antibodies (p < 0.01) during the 72 h following the infusion were observed. Our data, the first on the use of Sotrovimab in pregnant women, showed the safety and efficacy drug profile and its potential crucial role in preventing COVID-19 disease progression.
Low Apgar score and asphyxia complications at birth and risk of longer-term cardiovascular disease: a nationwide population-based study of term infants; Background: Most follow-up studies have focused on the long-term consequences of asphyxia at birth on the brain. The aim of this study was to investigate associations between low Apgar score and asphyxia-related complications and subsequent risks of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in childhood and early adulthood. Methods: This population-based cohort study included 2,826,424 non-malformed singleton births, born at term (≥37 weeks’ gestation) between 1988 and 2018 in Sweden. Primary exposure was a composite of asphyxia-related complications, defined as a) Apgar score 0–3 at 1-min; or b) Apgar score 0–3 at 5-min; or c) neonatal seizures (including hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy). Using Cox regression, we estimated the risk of CVD after 1 year of age, defined as stroke, coronary heart disease, heart failure, and atrial fibrillation. Results: Overall, there were 4165 cases with cardiovascular diseases. Individuals with asphyxia-related complications had adjusted hazard ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.90 (1.54 to 2.34) for cardiovascular disease, 2.29 (1.74 to 3.03) for stroke, 2.17 (1.37 to 3.42) for heart failure, and 1.38 (0.87 to 2.17) for atrial fibrillation. Hazard ratios for CVD were elevated among individuals with Apgar score 0–3 at 1 and 5 min, and those with neonatal seizures. Compared with unexposed individuals, neonatal seizures were associated with 5 times higher rates of stroke and heart failure, respectively. Interpretation: Asphyxia-related complications and its neonatal complications, especially low Apgar score and neonatal seizures, are associated with increased risks of CVD in childhood and early adulthood, although the absolute risk of CVD is low in young age. Funding:Swedish Research Council and theSwedish Heart-Lung Foundation
Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Perinatal Outcomes Across the Pandemic at an Academic Medical Center in New York City; OBJECTIVE: To investigate perinatal complications associated with severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection during pregnancy in the four major waves of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic in the Bronx, New York. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study included all patients who delivered at a single academic medical center between March 1, 2020, and February 13, 2022. SARS-CoV-2 positivity was defined as a positive SARS-CoV-2 test result during pregnancy. Primary outcomes were preterm birth, low birth weight, stillbirth, cesarean delivery, and preeclampsia associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Secondary analyses examined outcomes by predominant variant at the time of infection. Group differences in categorical variables were tested using χ2 tests. RESULTS: Of the 8,983 patients who delivered, 638 (7.1%) tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy. Age, race, ethnicity, and major comorbidities did not differ significantly between the SARS-CoV-2-positive and SARS-CoV-2-negative cohorts (P>.05). Primary outcomes did not differ between the SARS-CoV-2-positive and SARS-CoV-2-negative cohorts (P>.05). There was a marked increase in positive SARS-CoV-2 test results in individuals who gave birth during the Omicron wave (140/449, 31.2%). However, among patients who tested positive for SARS-CoV-2 infection, the preterm birth rate during the Omicron wave (9.9%) was significantly lower than during the original wave (20.3%) and the Alpha (18.4%) wave (P<.05). Vaccination rates were low before the Omicron wave and rose to 47.2% during the Omicron wave among individuals hospitalized with SARS-CoV-2 infection. Finally, second-trimester infection was significantly associated with worse perinatal outcomes compared with third-trimester infection (P<.05). CONCLUSION: There was a general trend toward improvement in preterm birth rates across the pandemic among pregnant patients with SARS-CoV-2 infection. The Omicron variant was more infectious, but the preterm birth rate during the Omicron wave was low compared with that during the original wave and the Alpha wave.
Validation of a predictive model for coronary artery disease in patients with diabetes; Background No reliable model can currently be used for predicting coronary artery disease (CAD) occurrence in patients with diabetes. We developed and validated a model predicting the occurrence of CAD in these patients.MethodsWe retrospectively enrolled patients with diabetes at Henan Provincial People's Hospital between 1 January 2020 and 10 June 2020, and collected data including demographics, physical examination results, laboratory test results, and diagnostic information from their medical records. The training set included patients (n = 1152) enrolled before 15 May 2020, and the validation set included the remaining patients (n = 238). Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed in the training set to develop a predictive model, which were visualized using a nomogram. The model's performance was assessed by area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (AUC) and Brier scores for both data sets.ResultsSex, diabetes duration, low-density lipoprotein, creatinine, high-density lipoprotein, hypertension, and heart rate were CAD predictors in diabetes patients. The model's AUC and Brier score were 0.753 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.727-0.778] and 0.152, respectively, and 0.738 (95% CI 0.678-0.793) and 0.172, respectively, in the training and validation sets, respectively.ConclusionsOur model demonstrated favourable performance; thus, it can effectively predict CAD occurrence in diabetes patients.
Diabetes and Pregnancy; The quality of metabolic control at the beginning of pregnancy already determines the course and outcome of pregnanies with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The preconceptional counseling and support provided by experienced teams is more important than modern technical equipment with insulin pumps and sensors for continuous glucose measurement. The incidence of congenital malformations is significantly reduced by a periconceptional HbA1c level < 6.5 % and folic acid supplementation started preconceptionally. To prevent preeclampsia, all women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus should be offered low-dose ASA, starting before 16 weeks of pregnancy. If the pregnant woman has a BMI < 25 kg/m² and persistently elevated fasting blood glucose levels, a GCK-MODY should be considered. For the diagnosis of asymptomatic gestational diabetes mellitus, all women in Germany with 24 + 0 to 27 + 6 weeks of pregnancy are offered a two-stage screening. Structured follow-up care is required after gestational diabetes mellitus, because these women have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular complications. Pregnant women with COVID-19 and hyperglycemia have an increased risk of a severe course of the infection, which is further increased by obesity - they are an important target group for vaccination with an mRNA vaccine.
Cardiovascular risk profile after a complicated pregnancy across ethnic groups: The HELIUS study; Objective: Little is known about pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk among ethnic minority populations. In this study we examined the association between pregnancy complications and CVD risk factors in women from six ethnic groups, and the potential value of pregnancy complications as an eligibility criterion for CVD risk screening in addition to traditional risk factors. Study Design: We created a retrospective cohort by combining pregnancy data from the Dutch perinatal registry with baseline data on cardiovascular risk from the HELIUS study. We included 2,466 women who participated in the HELIUS study with at least one pregnancy between 2000 and baseline measurement (2011-2015). Poisson regression analyses were conducted, adjusted for confounding factors and traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. Results: History of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and preterm birth (PTB) were associated with higher prevalence of chronic hypertension, chronic kidney disease and high metabolic risk across most groups (Figure 1). Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was associated with increased type 2 diabetes mellitus risk (Figure 2). We found no evidence for interaction between ethnicity and pregnancy complications. However, absolute rates of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular risk factors were higher among Surinamese and Ghanaian women compared to Dutch origin women. The prediction models did not improve substantially after adding pregnancy complications to the traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening. Conclusion: History of HDP, PTB and GDM is equally associated with increased CVD risk in parous women across ethnic groups, but absolute risks vary. This warrants extra attention for the cardiovascular risk profile among these groups before and after pregnancy. Addition of pregnancy complications to traditional eligibility criteria for CVD risk screening does not substantially improve the prediction of CVD risk factors if uptake of protocolised screening is high. However, in absence of such screening, pregnancy complications may serve as a red flag. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and the development of short-term maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors; Objective: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are linked to future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and events. We sought to examine the association between APOs and short-term established CVD risk factors in a contemporary, high-risk, racially, and ethnically diverse hospital population in North Carolina. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study of patients who delivered from January 2016 until December 2020 in two health care systems with at least one pre-delivery and one postpartum appointment who were free of CVD and outcomes of interest at baseline. The first eligible pregnancy in the study period served as the index pregnancy. APOs were defined using ICD-10 codes for gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small for gestational age infant. Patients were followed until December 2021 for the development of CVD risk factors after delivery hospitalization (chronic hypertension, hyperlipidemia, type 2 diabetes, prediabetes; defined by ICD-10 codes). The crude cumulative hazard for CVD risk factors was estimated at three and five years after delivery. Results: One quarter of patients (25.7%; 14,482 of 56,317) had ≥1 APO. Median length of follow-up was 1.9 years (interquartile range: 0.8-3.3). Among those with an APO, 18.1% developed a CVD risk factor after delivery compared to 6.7% of patients without an APO (Table). Among those who were followed for the full year after delivery, 7.7% of patients with an APO developed a CVD risk factor within 1 year. The estimated cumulative hazard of developing a CVD risk factor after APO pregnancy was 21.7% three years after delivery and 54.3% five years after delivery (Figure). Patients with an APO were most likely to develop chronic hypertension after delivery, except for those with gestational diabetes who were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes. Conclusion: In this high-risk population, patients with an APO had a multifold risk of developing CVD risk factors in the short-term following their delivery compared to those without an APO. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Intrapartum trends of NT-proBNP and hs-TnT in patients with severe features of preeclampsia; Objective: Because preeclampsia with severe features (SPE) is a multisystem disorder associated with long-term cardiac morbidity, our aim was to examine two analytes in patients with SPE during labor. NT-proBNP and high sensitivity troponin-T (hs-TnT) are sensitive markers of cardiac stretch and ischemia, respectively. We hypothesized that patients with SPE would have increased levels of these analytes as compared with normal laboring patients. Study Design: This was a prospective cohort study at a single academic center. Patients with intrapartum SPE and normal controls were recruited for inclusion on admission to the labor unit. Patients with chronic hypertension, heart disease, renal disease, BMI >45kg/m2, pregestational diabetes, and medication-treated gestational diabetes were excluded. Venous blood was collected for NT-proBNP and hs-TnT measurement at three time points: 0-2 hours, 4 hours, and 12 hours after admission. A mixed random effects regression model was used to compare analyte levels at each time point and to compare trends over time. Power analysis yielded a goal sample of 25 patients with a 12 hour and at least 1 other sample in each arm. Results: Of 78 patients recruited, 36 had SPE and 42 were normal controls with 25 in each arm having collection at all time points. Demographics between the SPE and normal laboring patients were similar (Table). Although there were no differences in hs-TnT trends or levels at the three time points (all 3 timepoints for hs-TnT P >0.05), the NT-proBNP trends were significantly different between the two cohorts (P< 0.001, Figure). After adjustment for multiple comparisons, the NT-proBNP mean was elevated in the SPE group at 0-2 and 4 hours, but not at 12 hours (Figure). Conclusion: When measured during the intrapartum period, levels of NT-proBNP were almost doubled in patients with SPE when compared to normal controls with most pronounced differences noted during early labor. These findings suggest cardiac dysfunction with SPE may precede admission to labor and delivery and offer future insights to strategies to reduce maternal cardiac morbidity and mortality. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Maternal congenital heart disease and effects on neonatal outcomes: the other side of the dyad; Objective: As a result of improved childhood survival, more patients with congenital heart disease (CHD) are reaching reproductive age, leading to a growing high risk obstetric population. Though much knowledge has been gained in this cohort, less is known about their offspring compared to other cardiac populations. In this study, we sought to determine the fetal and neonatal outcomes from pregnancies complicated with maternal CHD in comparison to acquired heart disease. Study Design: We studied a retrospective cohort of patients with cardiac disease that delivered between 2012-2022 (N=384) at a single tertiary care institution. Neonatal outcomes were compared between pregnancies complicated by CHD (N=190) and acquired heart disease (N=194) using logistic and linear regressions. The primary outcome was neonatal death. Multivariate regression was used to adjust for possible preset confounders such as chronic hypertension (cHTN), and pre-gestational diabetes. A P value of < 0.05 indicated statistical significance. Results: Patients with CHD had lower BMI, were younger, were more likely to have had open heart surgery and less likely to have cHTN in our cohort (Table 1). Six patients opted for termination (4 in CHD group). Of the continued pregnancies, patients with CHD had lower birthweights than patients with acquired heart disease (Table 2). Notably, there were 5 neonatal deaths in the CHD group. These were associated with extreme prematurity (2) and/or congenital malformations (4), three of which were detected postnatally. Conclusion: In our study, pregnancies afflicted by CHD had lower birthweights despite similar rates of prematurity. This highlights the need for future studies to add focus to neonatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by CHD as well as risk stratification between types of heart disease. Management should include preconception counseling, access to timely termination and prenatal assessments with a multidisciplinary cardio-obstetric team and a dedicated neonatal support for optimal care of this high-risk population. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Cardiovascular diseases among macrosomic infants of diabetic mothers; Objective: While the association between diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and cardiac morbidity of the offspring is well characterized, few existing investigations have assessed the long-term cardiovascular outcomes of macrosomic infants in specific. In this study we have examined the contributory role of diabetes on cardiac disease formation among macrosomic offspring. Study Design: A population-based cohort analysis including deliveries of macrosomic infants (birthweight above 4 kilograms) between the years 1991 to 2021 at a tertiary referral hospital was conducted. Incidence of hospitalizations due to various cardiovascular conditions was compared between infants of women with and without diabetes. A Kaplan-Meyer survival curve was used to assess cumulative hospitalization incidence. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. Results: Of the 16,466 macrosomic infants, 11% were of women with diabetes during pregnancy (pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus). Offspring of both diabetic and nondiabetic mothers had comparable rates of cardiovascular-related hospitalization during childhood and adolescence (1.5% and 1.1% respectively, p=0.155; Table). Cumulative incidence of hospitalizations was similar, as shown in the Kaplan-Meyer survival curve (log rank p-value=0.246; Figure), and A Cox proportional hazards model found no association as well (adjusted HR = 1.27, 95% CI 0.82–1.95, p=0.284). Conclusion: In our population of macrosomic infants, diabetes mellitus does not seem to be associated with elevated rates of cardiovascular diseases. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Pregnancy outcomes and iron status in context of beta thalassemia major and intermedia: a meta-analysis; Objective: The objective is to provide risk estimates of the maternal/neonatal outcomes in Thalassemia Major (TM) and Thalassemia Intermedia (TI), and explore the impact of pregnancy on iron status. Study Design: The study was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42020182475). Risk of bias was assessed by the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale and JBI Checklist. Results: Fifteen studies, 429 participants and 684 pregnancies were included. Studies had a moderate/high risk of bias. Meta-analysis demonstrated an increased risk of thrombosis of 3.7% (95% CI 1.2-75) in βTI compared to βTM (0.9% (95% CI 0.1-2.6)). The risk of heart failure was similar for βTM and βTI [1.6% (95% CI 0.4-3.7) vs. 1.1% (95% CI 0.4-3.7), respectively]. The proportion of patients who developed gestational diabetes (GDM) and pre-eclampsia in βTM was 3.9% (95% CI 1.3-8.0) and 11.3% (95% CI 6.2-15.3), and maternal mortality was 3.7% (95% CI 0.78-8.6). Cesarean delivery rate was 83.9% (95% CI 65.2-96.2) in TM and 67% (95%CI 66-77.2) in TI. There were no significant differences in the rate of stillbirth/small for gestational age neonates/preterm birth. For βTM, there was a significant increase in RBC requirements during pregnancy, increasing from 102 to 139ml of RBC/kg/year. (p= 0.001; I2 91%,P< 0.0001). In pregnancies with βTI, 70% (95% CI 57.7-81.3) required a red cell transfusion during pregnancy. Overall, the pooled mean serum ferritin concentration was significantly increased in βTM (1005 ng/mL) vs βTI (332 ng/mL)(P< 0.0001) (Figure 1). There was a significant increase in liver iron concentration from 4.6 (±2.7) to 11.9 (±3.2) mg/g dry weight (p< 0.0001) and a significant decrease in myocardial T2* (36.2±2.5 ms to 31.1 ms±3.4) during pregnancy. Conclusion: While pregnancy outcomes are favourable, there is a doubling of the risk of stillbirth and increased risk of GDM, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, and Caesarean section. In βTM, there is an escalation of iron loading during pregnancy, as reflected by a rise in serum ferritin, increase in liver iron concentration and decrease in myocardial MRI T2*, which may translate to an increased risk of cardiac complications. [Formula presented]
Impact of maternal aspirin therapy on neonatal epigenetic patterns; Objective: Aspirin 81mg (bASA) between 10-12 weeks gestation is recommended for the prevention of preeclampsia. Maternal preeclampsia is associated with cord-blood epigenetic changes and childhood cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the effects of bASA on the neonate. We examined epigenetic differences in neonatal cord blood with maternal exposure to bASA compared to control group (non-exposed). Study Design: Prospective study examining differential DNA methylation in cord blood cells of term singleton infants born to mothers with or without bASA use. Deliveries complicated by chorioamnionitis or gestational hypertension spectrum were excluded. The umbilical cord blood was collected and genomic DNA was isolated using QIAamp Blood Mini kit. The Illumina Methylation EPIC Array technology was utilized to interrogate the methylation level at each CpG-site across the genomic DNA. The Illumina iScan Reader was used to analyze the image and data from Methylation EPIC Bead Chip. Data processing was performed with Illumina GenomeStudio software. Partek Genomics Suite software was used to determine if there was statistical significance and validity for each methylation site. Results: Patients in each group did not differ in maternal diabetes or hypertension (p=0.52). The two groups exhibited statistically significant differences in DNA methylation across the genome (Figure 1). Notably, the top canonical pathway involved was TGF signaling (p=7.73E-04, overlap 3.1%, 3/96) and top disease processes included hematologic (p=4.06E-02 – 4.23E-05, N=23 molecules) and cardiovascular (p=4.41E-02 – 2.64E-04, N=10 molecules) (Table 1). Conclusion: We identified significant differences in the epigenetic methylation patterns of genomic clusters between bASA exposed and non-exposed neonates. TGF signaling was significantly altered between groups and is implicated in fetal vascular, lung, and cardiac development and maternal/fetal immune tolerance. Whether bASA can mitigate the infant epigenetic impact of maternal preeclampsia remains to be seen. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Pregnancy outcomes of women with congenital heart disease in South Korea: a nationwide cohort study; Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes of women with congenital heart disease Study Design: This nationwide cohort study used data from the National Health Insurance Corporation (NHIC) in South Korea from January 1, 2012, and December 31, 2020. We included all Korean women who had more than one delivery during the study period and had been identified with adult congenital heart disease (ACHD) using diagnostic codes within 1 year before delivery for an outpatient or inpatient. Primary outcomes included maternal composite morbidity (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, placenta previa, stillbirth, preterm birth, postpartum hemorrhage) and neonatal morbidity (low-birth-weight infants, large-for-gestational-age infants). Results: The 2,911 women with ACHD (0.11%) included in the analysis of maternal outcomes had significantly higher odds of maternal morbidity compared with women without ACDH (n=2,663,588). The maternal composite morbidity showed higher odds in women with ACHD (one or more: aOR, 1.324 [95% CI, 1.1.216-1.442]; one: aOR 1.262 [1.154-1.380]; two: aOR 1.593 [1.292-1.965]; three or more: aOR 2.023 [1.086-3.767]). Women with ACHD had significantly higher odds of preterm birth (aOR, 2.218; 95% CI, 1.804-2.726) and low birth weight (LBW) infants (aOR, 1.331; 95% CI, 1.164-1.522). The frequency of stillbirth was not different between women without ACHD (0.02%) and those with ACHD (0%). Conclusion: With help of exact prenatal and postnatal diagnosis and advanced surgical and/or medical treatment, women with ACHD who survived could have healthy pregnancies. However, the risk of preterm birth and maternal morbidity is still higher in women with ACHD. Therefore, optimal clinical care should be considered to reduce the heightened risks of ACHD.
History of offspring congenital heart disease in pregnancy increases risk of preeclampsia in subsequent pregnancy; Objective: We sought to explore the association between offspring congenital heart disease (CHD) in a prior pregnancy and the development of preeclampsia in a subsequent pregnancy. Study Design: We conducted a cohort study of births in California (2000-2012) that included two consecutive singleton pregnancies with gestational age of 23-42 weeks. We excluded pregnancies complicated by pre-existing diabetes or major identified chromosomal anomalies (including patent ductus arteriosus and patent foramen ovale). We used multivariable logistic regression to examine the association of fetal CHD in the index pregnancy with preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy, and controlled for race/ethnicity, age, education, insurance status, and presence of gestational diabetes. We further examined the association of fetal CHD in the index pregnancy with preterm delivery in patients with preeclampsia. Results: Among 985,530 pregnant patients, 2.57% had preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (see figure). Those with a baby with CHD in the index pregnancy had higher rates of preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy compared to those without a baby with CHD in the index pregnancy (4.07% vs 2.57 %, p < 0.001). After adjusting for potential confounders, the increased risk of preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy persisted (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.33-1.77). Among those who had preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy, the risk of an early delivery (< 34 weeks) was higher for patients who had a baby with CHD in the index pregnancy (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.16-2.05). Conclusion: For pregnancies complicated by offspring CHD, there is an increased risk of preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy. Among preeclamptic patients, the risk of an early delivery is increased in those who had a baby with CHD in their index pregnancy. These findings suggest a link across pregnancies between offspring cardiac development and preeclampsia for the pregnant patient that is more pronounced, and potentially mechanistically interrelated with earlier preeclampsia. [Formula presented]
Putting the “f”etus back in maternal-fetal telemedicine: a prospective pilot study; Objective: Hybrid care programs bring advantages of virtual visits (cost, logistics and comfort) and in-person visits (doctor-patient relationship and extended clinical evaluation). For maternal-fetal telemedicine to become a mainstream of MFM, the virtual visits must be comprehensive, and extend beyond maternal assessment to fetal wellbeing. We sought to assess the feasibility of hybrid care for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study Design: A prospective pilot clinical study. Women with a singleton pregnancy and GDM at ≥31 weeks of gestation were recruited. Patient journey included alternating in-person and remote visits for a duration of four weeks. The remote visit included maternal assessment - vital signs, glycemic control (documented in Datos app), urinalysis (Healthy.io), fetal heart rate assessment (INVU by Nuvo™) and ultrasound measured maximal vertical pocket (PulseNmore) yielding a modified biophysical profile (mBPP) [Figure1]. Total visit length was compared between the virtual and in-person visits. Usefulness, effectiveness, reliability, and patient satisfaction were assessed with the telehealth usability questionnaire (TUQ). Results: 20 participants with GDM between 31-34 gestational weeks at recruitment were enrolled [Table1]. One participant withdrew consent after one virtual visit. 38/39 (97.4%) of remote visits concluded in comprehensive assessment including mBPP to the physician's satisfaction. One referral to in-person monitoring occurred due to technical difficulties. Total remote visit length was significantly shorter (65.4±21.6 min) compared to the in-person visit (171.1±21.4 min, P< 0.001). TUQ results indicate high usability of the telehealth system (6.6/7). No adverse events or safety incidents occurred. Conclusion: A hybrid maternal-fetal program consisting of alternating in-person and virtual visits is feasible, saves time and improves women satisfaction. Use of the service and technologies requires a learning process for both the care team and the women. Shifting maternal-fetal surveillance to women’s home or work has broad implications with many advantages. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Obesity in Pregnancy; Obesity poses a significant maternal risk during pregnancy, after delivery, and for long-term health issues. Maternal obesity can also adversely affect outcomes for the fetus, neonate, and child. Evidence-based management of maternal obesity should be established before pregnancy and continued after delivery and over the course of a lifetime. This is a review of the factors associated with obesity in pregnancy and the management considerations for people with obesity who are considering getting pregnant, are pregnant, or have given birth. Epidemiology. Obesity is defined as a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 or higher. Although this threshold balances the sensitivity and specificity for identifying those at risk of disease from excess body fat, it does not take into consideration individual differences in frame size, lean body mass, and fat distribution patterns. Over the past 2 decades, the prevalence of obesity in the United States has increased among women 20 to 39 years of age from 29.8% in 2001-2002 to 39.7% in 2017-2018. Of those who had a live birth in 2020, 26.7% were overweight, and 29.5% were obese. Prepregnancy obesity disproportionately affects American Indian or Alaska Native (40%), non-Hispanic Black (39%), and Hispanic (32%) women versus non-Hispanic White (26%) or non-Hispanic Asian (10%) women. Antepartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with obesity are more likely to experience irregular or absent ovulation, less likely to conceive per cycle, and more likely to experience subfertility or infertility. Obesity has also been associated with delayed conception, increased rate of miscarriage, and poorer outcomes from assisted reproductive technology treatments.Women with obesity are also 3 to 4 times more likely to have gestational diabetes, which increases the risk of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery (CD). Gestational diabetes is more prevalent in Hispanic, non-Hispanic Black, Native American, Alaska Native, or Pacific Islander women than non-Hispanic White women. Up to 70% of women with obesity can expect to develop diabetes 22 to 28 years after pregnancy. A small, but significant, positive association also has been found between obesity and maternal depressive symptoms and anxiety before and after childbirth. Stigma is associated with obesity, which can lead to more depressive symptoms, poor eating behaviors, and stress. In addition, women with poor mental health often struggle with weight management. Fetal Conditions. Maternal obesity has been associated with an increased risk of structural anomalies, including a strong causal relationship for congenital heart defects and moderate causal relationship for neural tube defects. Meta-analyses have also shown positive, dose-response associations between maternal BMI and macrosomia and large for gestational age. Among women with obesity, the risk of stillbirth is as high as 2.1 times as that in women with normal weight, although other mechanisms may be involved in reported associations. Labor, Delivery, and Postpartum Conditions. Compared with women of normal weight, those with a BMI of ≥50 kg/m2 have the highest risk of maternal morbidity during hospitalization (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 1.99; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.57-2.54). The association between maternal obesity and preterm birth is unclear, but a recent meta-analysis found a significant overall pooled OR of 1.17 (95% CI, 1.13-1.21). Although the association between obesity and preterm birth is of higher magnitude at earlier gestational ages, a dose-response effect with BMI has not been established. In addition, a study has shown that women with obesity have higher rates of labor induction, oxytocin augmentation, failure of labor to progress, and instrumental delivery than those with normal weight. There is also a higher risk of postterm birth with increasing BMI in women with BMI ≥50 kg/m2 (OR, 1.75; 95% CI, 1.50-2.04). Women with obesity are at higher risk for CD and associated complications, such as anesthesia-related complications, wound complications, excessive blood loss, venous thrombosis, postpartum endometritis, and failure of vaginal birth after CD. A meta-analysis also found that women in labor, who are obese, are more likely to experience wound, urinary tract, perineum, or chest or breast infections (pooled OR, 3.34; 95% CI, 2.74-4.06). The risk of venous thromboembolism is 4 times as high in women with obesity who are in labor, but there is a less strong association with BMI at delivery. Management Considerations. Preferably before conception, but certainly during the antepartum period, health care providers should inform women about the risks of obesity and the benefits of weight loss before pregnancy and in the long term. Counseling should include recommendations to adopt healthy eating and exercise habits, as well as discussions around actual and appropriate ranges of weight gain. Obese patients should also be screened for high blood pressure, proteinuria, depression, and obstructive sleep apnea, as well as pregestational type 2 diabetes mellitus at the initial prenatal visit with a follow-up glucose challenge test if the initial test is normal. Forwomen with BMI ≥35 kg/m2, daily intake of aspirin (75mg) is recommended from 12 weeks' gestation until birth to reduce the risk of preeclampsia. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommends weekly antenatal surveillance for fetal well-being, starting at 34 weeks of gestation for women with a prepregnancy BMI ≥40 kg/m2 and by 37 weeks for women with a prepregnancy BMI of 35 to 39 kg/m2. During labor and delivery, additional staff and equipment may be needed, depending on the patient's weight. Vaginal birth should be encouraged, and a history of bariatric surgery should not be an indication for CD. For women with obesity undergoing CD, some experts recommend increasing the preoperative dose of cefazolin, although there is mixed evidence on its clinical benefit. Some trials have assessed broadening or extending antibiotic coverage for women undergoing CD, such as adding azithromycin to standard antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce the risk of postoperative infection or a prophylactic 48-hour course of oral cephalexin and metronidazole postoperatively to reduce surgical site infections. Neuraxial anesthetic techniques should be used preferentially in patients with obesity. Mechanical thromboprophylaxis with pneumatic compression before and after CD is recommended.Weight-based dosing of pharmacologic options for thromboprophylaxis is consideredmore effective thanBMI-stratified dosage after CD in women with class III obesity. During postpartum care, women with obesity may need early breast-feeding support. Counseling should include information about the risks associated with obesity for women and infant along with recommendations for postpartum weight loss. Management of Obesity and Gestational Weight Gain. Both environmental and genetic factors play a role in positive weight balance and weight gain over time. Early obesitymanagement can minimize weight gain during pregnancy and reduce the prevalence of gestational diabetes. Studies show that when prenatal health care providers make these lifestyle recommendations, they are more successful. One study found that women who underwent motivational interviewing monthly for 7 to 8months had greater weight loss by 2 kg than a control group receiving only emotional support. However, these interventions often fail when people revert to previous eating and exercise habits after intensive management, suggesting that management of obesity requires a long-term approach.
Case Report: 2-Year-old with Wilms Tumors, Familial Heterozygous DIS3L2 Mutation, and Cutis Marmorata Telangiectatica Congenita; Biallelic variants in DI3SL2 cause Perlman Syndrome, associated increased risk for Wilms tumor. Cutis Marmorata Telangiectatica Congenita (CMTC) is a rare congenital disorder characterized by cutaneous vascular anomalies. We report a 2-year-old boy with both Wilms tumor and CMTC. Genetic testing, prompted by his complex presentation, revealed 1 somatic mutation and 1 familial germline mutation in the DIS3L2 gene, suggesting a 2-hit causation of Wilms tumor. Separately, a single GNA11 somatic mutation was identified to explain the CMTC. We suggest that genetic testing for germline mutations associated with Wilms tumor susceptibility be considered even in cases without known family history.
Investigation of risk factors associated with impaired glucose regulation: Using the momentum equation to assess the impact of risk factors on community residents; Objective: To identify risk factors for impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and assess their impact on community residents, this study used a questionnaire to conduct cross-sectional surveys and analysis. Methods: Overall, 774 residents of an urban community in northern China (Jian city) participated in this study. Trained investigators conducted surveys using questionnaires. Based on their medical history, respondents were divided into three glucose status groups as follows: normal (NGT), IGR, and diabetes mellitus (DM). Statistical analysis of survey data was performed using SPSS v. 22.0. Results: Age, hypertension, family history of diabetes (FHD), dyslipidemia, obesity, and cardiovascular and cerebral disease (CVD) were positively correlated with IGR in men and women. IGR was negatively correlated with a sedentary lifestyle in men and positively correlated with being overweight in women. The number of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) risk factors per subject was positively correlated with age in the NGT group. Glucose status deteriorated with increasing age and the number of risk factors. FHD was the strongest risk factor in both men and women. Conclusions: Prevention of IGR includes weight control, physical activity, and prevention of hypertension and dyslipidemia, especially in subjects with FHD.
Association of Maternal Glucose Concentrations During Pregnancy With Cardiovascular Alterations in Early Childhood: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study; Background: Maternal hyperglycemia has been associated with cardiovascular disease risks in offspring. Previous studies were mostly conducted to test this association in pregnancies with (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus. However, the association may not be limited to populations with diabetes only. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess the association between gestational glucose concentrations in women without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus and childhood cardiovascular alterations at the age of 4 y. Methods: Our study was based on the Shanghai Birth Cohort. Briefly, among 1016 nondiabetic mothers (age: 30.8 ± 3.42 y; BMI: 21.3 ± 2.94) and their offsprings (age: 4.41 ± 0.22 y; BMI: 15.0 ± 1.56; 53.0% males), results of maternal 1-h oral OGTT between 24 and 28 gestational weeks were obtained. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography, and vascular ultrasound were performed at 4 y old. Linear regression and binary logistic regression were conducted to test the association between maternal glucose and childhood cardiovascular outcomes. Results: Compared with children from mothers with glucose concentrations in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had higher BP (systolic: 97.0 ± 7.41 compared with 98.9 ± 7.82 mmHg, P = 0.006; diastolic: 56.8 ± 5.83 compared with 57.9 ± 6.03 mmHg, P = 0.051) and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (92.5 ± 9.15 compared with 90.8 ± 9.16 %, P = 0.046). Also, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose concentrations across the full range were associated with higher childhood BP (systolic: β: 0.56; 95% CI: 0.19, 0.93; diastolic: β: 0.36; 95% CI: 0.05, 0.66). Logistic regression showed, compared with children from mothers in the lowest quartile, children from mothers in the highest quartile had a 58% (OR=1.58; 95% CI: 1.01, 2.47) higher odds of elevated systolic BP (≥90th percentile). Conclusions: In a population without (pre)gestational diabetes mellitus, higher maternal OGTT 1-h glucose were associated with childhood cardiovascular structure and function alterations. Further studies are needed to assess whether interventions to reduce gestational glucose will mitigate subsequent cardiometabolic risks in offspring.
Guideline No. 432a: Cervical Ripening and Induction of Labour – General Information; Objective: This guideline presents evidence and recommendations for cervical ripening and induction of labour. It aims to provide information to birth attendants and pregnant individuals on optimal perinatal care while avoiding unnecessary obstetrical intervention. Target Population: All pregnant patients. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Consistent interprofessional use of the guideline, appropriate equipment, and trained professional staff enhance safe intrapartum care. Pregnant individuals and their support person(s) should be informed of the benefits and risks of induction of labour. Evidence: Literature published to March 2022 was reviewed. PubMed, CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library were used to search for systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials, and observational studies on cervical ripening and induction of labour. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified by searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Validation Methods: The authors rated the quality of evidence and strength of recommendations using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach. See online Appendix A (Tables A1 for definitions and A2 for interpretations of strong and conditional [weak] recommendations). Intended Audience: All providers of obstetrical care. RECOMMANDATIONS: 1. Induction of labour should be a shared decision between the pregnant individual and the care provider, with respect for an individual's choice. The consent discussion should be documented and include the benefits and risks of both induction and expectant management, along with the induction process, including methods, timing, and how these may affect the patient and fetus (strong, moderate). 2. All pregnant individuals should be offered a first-trimester dating ultrasound at 8–12 weeks gestation to confirm gestational age (strong, high). 3. Regular sweeping of the membranes may be offered from 38 weeks gestation to reduce the incidence of late term pregnancy. Group B Streptococcus is not a contraindication to a membrane sweep (conditional, low). 4. Castor oil, nipple stimulation, and breast compression can reduce the need for induction of labour and may be offered to low-risk individuals at term (conditional, low). 5. Late term induction of labour should be offered at or after 41 weeks gestation (strong, high). 6. Suspected macrosomia or large for gestational age alone is not an indication for induction of labour before 39 weeks (conditional, low). 7. Cesarean delivery may be considered for ultrasound estimated fetal weight >4500 g in the presence of diabetes and estimated fetal weight >5000 g in the absence of diabetes (conditional, moderate). 8. Routine elective induction of labour at 39 weeks gestation is not recommended. If requested, the provider should take into account patient preferences, local health care resources, and local cesarean delivery rates associated with induction (strong, moderate). 9. Induction of labour may be offered at 39 weeks gestation for advanced maternal age (≥40 years) (strong, high). 10. There is insufficient evidence that induction of labour is associated with maternal or fetal benefits for pregnancies conceived via assisted reproductive technologies (conditional, low). 11. For patients who are positive for group B Streptococcus with a singleton pregnancy and term rupture of membranes, IOL should be offered as soon as resources allow, and antibiotic prophylaxis should be started while awaiting IOL (conditional, moderate). 12. For patients who are negative for group B Streptococcus with a singleton pregnancy and term rupture of membranes, IOL may be offered as soon as resources allow. Expectant management for up to 24 hours is also acceptable. Digital pelvic exams should be avoided until active labour begins, and then done only when indicated (strong, moderate). 13. Either oral misoprostol or oxytocin can be used for induction of labour in the setting of term pre-labour rupture of membranes, regardless of Bishop score (strong, high). 14. The modified Bishop score should be used and documented to determine if cervical ripening is required (strong, high). 15. Fetal presentation should be confirmed by abdominal exam and/or ultrasound prior to inducing labour (strong, high). 16. Quality assurance audits for induction of labour practices are important within health care organizations. Important quality measures include the indication for induction, the induction approach, and outcomes (strong, high).
Novel TCF7L2 familial linkage and association with Type 2 diabetes, depression, and their comorbidity; OBJECTIVE: Alterations in the activity of the transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) generate defects previously associated with neuropsychiatric disorders. We investigated the role of the TCF7L2 gene in major depressive disorder (MDD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and MDD-T2D comorbidity. We tested whether TCF7L2 is in linkage to and/or in linkage disequilibrium (LD, namely association) with MDD, T2D, and MDD-T2D. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In 212 families with T2D and MDD in the Italian population, we analyzed 80 microarray-based SNPs using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with T2D and MDD under the recessive model with complete penetrance (R1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the dominant models with complete penetrance (D1), recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). RESULTS: We found several novel linkage signals and genetic associations. In addition, we found two new transcription-factor (TF) binding sites created by two risk variants found: the MDD-risk variant rs12255179 creates a new TF-binding site for the CCAAT/enhancer-binding protein α (C/EBPα), and the T2D-risk variant rs61872794 creates a new TF-binding site for the organic cation-uptake transporter (OCT1). Both new binding sites are related to insulin metabolism. CONCLUSIONS: These results highlight the cross-interactivity between T2D and MDD. Further replication is needed in diverse ethnic groups.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on the Growth, Development, and Stem Cells of Offspring; The effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring include macrosomia, hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, cardiovascular disease, neural and mental injury, etc. The effects of GDM on the health status of offspring are sustained although pregnancy has ended. It has been proposed that fetal reprogramming causes long-term consequences to metabolic health in offspring. An intrauterine high-glucose environment may lead to changes in the multi-differentiation proficiency of intracorporal stem cells, showing decreased proliferation and osteogenic ability, increased adipogenic ability, accelerated apoptosis, and occurrence of premature failure. This environment also reduces the mobilization of bone marrow stem cells, whereas it increases that of medullary cells. This results in pro-inflammatory conditions and sustained inflammation in the body, thereby increasing the risk of obesity, cardiovascular and neurological disorders, and metabolic abnormalities. Stem cells derived from the amniotic membrane, umbilical cord, or placenta may be a reliable predictor of the long-term effects of GDM on offspring. The levels of blood glucose during pregnancy should be effectively controlled to reduce harm to the neonate.
Prevalence of birth injuries and associated factors among newborns delivered in public hospitals Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 2021. Crossectional study; Background Birth injury is harm that a baby suffers during the entire birth process. It includes both birth asphyxia and birth trauma. In Ethiopia, birth injury has become the leading cause of neonatal morbidity and mortality, accounting around 28%-31.6% of neonatal mortality. The study aimed to assess the prevalence and factors associated with birth injuries among newborns delivered in public hospitals Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, 2021. Methods Institution based cross-sectional study was conducted from February 15th to April 20th, 2021 in selected public hospitals of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Random sampling and systematic random sampling were used. Data was entered by using Epi data version 4.0.2 and exported in to SPSS Software version 25 for analysis. Both bivariate and multivariable logistic regressions analyses were used. Finally P-value <0.05 was used to claim statistically significant. Result The prevalence of birth injury was 24.7%. In the final model, birth asphyxia was significantly associated with the short height of the mothers (AOR = 10.7, 95% CI: 3.59–32.4), intrapartal fetal distress (AOR = 4.74, 95% CI: 1.81–12.4), cord prolapse (AOR = 7.7. 95% CI: 1.45–34.0), tight nuchal cord (AOR = 9.2. 95% CI: 4.9–35.3), birth attended by residents (AOR = 0.19, 95% CI: 0.05–0.68), male sex (AOR = 3.84, 95% CI: 1.30–11.3) and low birth weight (AOR = 5.28, 95% CI: 1.58–17.6). Whereas, birth trauma was significantly associated with gestational diabetic mellitus (AOR = 5.01, 95% CI: 1.38–18.1), prolonged duration of labor (AOR = 3.74, 95% CI: 1.52–9.20), instrumental delivery (AOR = 10.6, 95% CI: 3.45–32.7) and night time birth (AOR = 4.82, 95% CI: 1.84–12.6). Conclusion The prevalence of birth injury among newborns has continued to increases and become life-threatening issue in the delivery and neonatal intensive care unit in the study area. Therefore, considering the prevailing factors, robust effort has to be made to optimize the quality obstetric care and follow up and emergency obstetrics team has to be strengthened to reduce the prevalence of birth injury.
Dynamic changes in gut microbiota during pregnancy among Chinese women and influencing factors: A prospective cohort study; Gut microbiota (GM) dynamics during pregnancy vary among different populations and are affected by many factors, such as living environments and diet. This study aims to observe and evaluate the changes in the structure and function of the GM from the first to the third trimester of pregnancy in Chinese women, and to explore the main factors affecting the changes in intestinal microecology. Fifty-five Chinese pregnant women were recruited for this study and their fecal samples were collected during the first (P1), second (P2), and third trimesters (P3) of pregnancy. We exploited metagenomic sequencing to compare the composition and function of the GM in different pregnancy periods. Bioinformatic analysis revealed that there were differences in the composition of the GM among P1, P2, and P3, as indicated by the increase in α-diversity and β-diversity of the GM and the differences in the relative abundances of distinct bacterial phyla. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was the main factor (P < 0.05) that affected the changes in GM at various stages of pregnancy. There were also disparities in the structure of the GM between the GDM group and non-GDM group in the P1, P2, and P3. The GDM group exhibited increased abundances in Ruminococcus_gnavus, Akkermansia_muciniphila, Alistipes_shahii, Blautia_obeum, and Roseburia_intestinalis; while, the abundances of Bacteroides coprocola, Bacteroides plebeius, Erysipelatoclostridium ramosum, and Prevotella copri were increased in the non-GDM group. Three of the four species enriched in the non-GDM group manifestied significantly negative correlations with the insulin-signaling pathway and lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis (r ≤ −0.3, adjusted P < 0.05). In the GDM group, Bacteroides vulgatus and Ruminococcus gnavus were significantly and positively correlated with insulin signaling pathway and lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis (r ≤ −0.3, adjusted P < 0.05) among the species enriched from early pregnancy. Virtually all of the species enriched in P2 and P3 were positively correlated with steroid hormone biosynthesis. These results suggest a potential role for the GM in the development of GDM, enabling the potential prevention of GDM by targeting the GM.
A review on prediction of diabetes using machine learning and data mining classification techniques; Machine learning (ML) and data mining (DM) techniques have grown in popularity among researchers and scientists in various fields. The healthcare industry could not be an exception to it. Diabetes or diabetes mellitus, a gaggle of metabolic disorder, can be caused due to age, obesity, lack of exercise, hereditary diabetes, living style, bad diet, hypertension, etc. and for that, the entire body system can be affected harmfully and be susceptible to dangerous diseases like heart disease, kidney disease, stroke, eye problem, nerve damage, etc. For this, we tried to go for a systematic review on diabetes by applying ML and DM classification algorithms for prediction and diagnosis. Concerning the sort of knowledge, medical datasets as well as Pima Indian Diabetes Datasets (PIDDs) provided by the UCI-ML Repository were mainly used. This survey may be useful for further investigation in predictions and resulting valuable knowledge on diabetes.
N-Acetyl-l-cysteine ameliorates gestational diabetes mellitus by inhibiting oxidative stress; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide. How to effectively treat GDM has always been a concern of people.Research methods: In this study, a diabetes model was established by drug-induced mice. Subsequently, the blood glucose levels and serum insulin changes of the mice after N-acetyl-l-cysteine (NAC) treatment were observed. At the same time, the effect of NAC on reproduction of GDM mice was recorded.Results of the study: Mice fed NAC showed significantly improved glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity compared to Diabetic/Control. Total serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides, and serum low-density lipoprotein were significantly reduced, and atherosclerosis index was much lower than in control mice. In addition, Diabetic/Control mice had lower litter sizes and higher birth weights. NAC treatment significantly restored litter size and reduced birth weight in Diabetic/Control mice. It was found in WB assay that the NAC-fed group significantly increased nuclear Nrf2 and HO-1 expression levels.Conclusion: NAC can improve blood glucose tolerance in GDM mice; NAC effectively relieves the symptoms of hyperlipidemia caused by GDM; NAC enhances the expression of Nrf2/HO-1 in the liver, thereby restoring redox homeostasis. NAC can reduce gestational diabetes-related disease indicators by oral administration, and has a beneficial effect on the offspring of pregnant mice (reduces its diabetes disease indicators).
Can type 1 diabetes be an unexpected complication of obesity?; Type 1 diabetes (T1D) is one of the most common chronic autoimmune diseases, characterized by absolute insulin deficiency caused via inflammatory destruction of the pancreatic β-cell. Genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors play a role in the development of diseases. Almost ⅕ of cases involve people under the age of 20. In recent years, the incidence of both T1D and obesity has been increasing, especially among children, adolescents, and young people. In addition, according to the latest study, the prevalence of overweight or obesity in people with T1D has increased significantly. The risk factors of weight gain included using exogenous insulin, intensifying insulin therapy, fear of hypoglycemia and related decrease in physical activity, and psychological factors, such as emotional eating and binge eating. It has also been suggested that T1D may be a complication of obesity. The relationship between body size in childhood, increase in body mass index values in late adolescence and the development of T1D in young adulthood is considered. Moreover, the coexistence of T1D and T2D is increasingly observed, this situation is called double or hybrid diabetes. This is associated with an increased risk of the earlier development of dyslipidemia, cardiovascular diseases, cancer, and consequently a shortening of life. Thus, the purpose of this review was to summarize the relationships between overweight or obesity and T1D.
Can Twitter posts serve as early indicators for potential safety signals? A retrospective analysis; BACKGROUND: As Twitter has gained significant popularity, tweets can serve as large pool of readily available data to estimate the adverse events (AEs) of medications. OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated whether tweets were an early indicator for potential safety warnings. Additionally, the trend of AEs posted on Twitter was compared with AEs from the Yellow Card system in the United Kingdom. METHODS: English Tweets for 35 drug-event pairs for the period 2017-2019, two years prior to the date of EMA Pharmacovigilance Risk Assessment Committee (PRAC) meeting, were collected. Both signal and non-signal AEs were manually identified and encoded using the MedDRA dictionary. AEs from Yellow Card were also gathered for the same period. Descriptive and inferential statistical analysis was conducted using Fisher's exact test to assess the distribution and proportion of AEs from the two data sources. RESULTS: Of the total 61,661 English tweets, 1,411 had negative or neutral sentiment and mention of at least one AE. Tweets for 15 out of the 35 drugs (42.9%) contained AEs associated with the signals. On pooling data from Twitter and Yellow Card, 24 out of 35 drug-event pairs (68.6%) were identified prior to the respective PRAC meetings. Both data sources showed similar distribution of AEs based on seriousness, however, the distribution based on labelling was divergent. CONCLUSION: Twitter cannot be used in isolation for signal detection in current pharmacovigilance (PV) systems. However, it can be used in combination with traditional PV systems for early signal detection, as it can provide a holistic drug safety profile.
Study of Clinical Profile of Infant of Diabetic Mother and Evaluation of Perinatal Outcome: An Observational Study; Background: Because of sedentary lifestyles, urbanisation, and rising rates of obesity, diabetes has now spread throughout the world and is becoming more common in developing countries like India. Pregnancy-related cases of diabetes are continuously increasing, most likely concurrently with the increased prevalence of obesity among women of childbearing age. Women who have diabetes are more likely to experience perinatal/neonatal difficulties (such as prematurity, respiratory distress, and metabolic abnormalities including hypoglycemia and electrolyte derangements) and foetal issues (such as congenital malformations, foetal growth abnormalities, and stillbirth). The purpose of this study is to evaluate the perinatal outcome and the clinical profile of a diabetic mother's infant. Methods: From May 2022 to October 2022, the current observational study was carried out in department of Pediatrics at Sri Krishna Medical College and Hospital, Muzaffarpur, Bihar. The study includes a total of 46 infants delivered to diabetic mothers. An oral glucose tolerance test, history, and HbA1C are used to screen for gestational diabetes. Preeclampsia, macrosomia, foetal congenital abnormalities, preterm, and perinatal death are only a few of the severe maternal and newborn outcomes associated with poor early glycemic management of the mother during the prenatal period. Result: 46 infants in total were studied. The most frequent complication is hypoglycemia (40%) followed by hyperbilirubinemia (28%), polycythemia (12%), respiratory distress (26%), macrosomia (28%), cardiac anomalies {septal hypertrophy (21%), PDA (17%), and VSD (8%)}. Less common complications are cleft palate (4%), undescended testis (8%). Conclusion: In this study, we discovered that newborns of diabetes mothers with uncontrolled hyperglycemia had a higher incidence of metabolic and structural problems. To optimise maternal and newborn outcomes, it is crucial to keep track of glucose management and HbA1C levels. Neonatal morbidity risk is directly correlated with maternal blood sugar levels. To identify a neonate with asymptomatic hypoglycemia, strict glucose monitoring is necessary.
Traumatic brain injury during pregnancy is associated with increased rate of cesarean section: a nationwide multi-register study in Finland; Objective: The literature on the incidence of traumatic brain injury (TBI) during pregnancy is lacking. Furthermore, only studies with small sample size have analyzed the impact of TBI during pregnancy to maternal and fetal outcomes. Thus, we aim to report the incidence of TBIs during pregnancy and study the pregnancy outcomes using nationwide high-quality registers. Methods: This nationwide retrospective register-based matched cohort study utilized two national registers. All fertile-aged (15–49 years) women with a TBI hospitalization period during pregnancy were retrieved the Care Register for Health Care. Data were then linked with the data from the National Medical Birth Register (MBR). Propensity score matching was conducted according to maternal age during pregnancy, previous cesarean section (CS), maternal smoking status, maternal body mass index, and maternal gestational diabetes. The matching was conducted using the nearest neighbor methods with a caliber width if 0.15, and with a ratio 1:3 (patients/references). Adverse maternal and fetal outcomes were compared between patient group and reference group using Chi-squared tests. Results: A total of 392 women having a TBI during pregnancy were found. The control group consisted of 722,497 women without TBI during pregnancy. Of the TBIs occurring during pregnancy, the most common types of TBIs were concussion (S06.0) (n = 359, 91.6%), diffuse traumatic brain injury (S06.2) (n = 11, 2.8%), traumatic subdural hemorrhage (n = 7, 1.8%), and unspecified intracranial injury S06.9 (n = 6, 1.5%). The incidence rates of pregnancies with a TBI have remained similar during pregnancy in Finland, peaking at 0.8 per 1000 pregnancies in 2016. The Chi-squared test showed higher rate for CS among women with TBI than for their matched references (21.4% vs. 15.5%, p = .008). Especially, women with TBI during 3rd trimester had higher rate for CS (29.0 vs. 15.0%, p = .016). Conclusions: The main findings of this study were that the incidence rates for TBI during pregnancy have remained similar during our study period (2004–2018). TBI during pregnancy, even a mild one, is associated with an increased rate for CS. Especially, TBI during the 3rd trimester was associated with high rate for CS, but the etiology behind this remains unknown. In addition, we found no evidence of difference in fetal outcomes, such as preterm birth, low birth weight, or need for intensive care unit. Future studies should focus on the indications for elective CS, and reasons for unplanned CS among women with TBI during pregnancy, as these could possibly provide important information on the effects of TBI on the course of childbirth.
Delayed versus immediate cord clamping in dichorionic twins <32 weeks: a retrospective study; Objectives: Strong evidence imply that delayed cord clamping (DCC) provides significant benefits for singleton neonates. However, there is little information about the safety or efficacy of DCC in twins to recommend for or against DCC in twins in guidelines. We aimed to determine the effect of DCC on dichorionic twins born at <32 weeks of gestation. Study design: This is a retrospective cohort study comparing the neonatal and maternal outcomes of immediate cord clamping (ICC) [<15 second (s)] versus DCC (at 60 s). Generalized estimating equations models were performed accounting for twin correlation. Results: A total of 82 pairs of twins (DCC: 41; ICC: 41) were included in analysis. The primary outcome of death before discharge occurred in 3.66% of twins in the DCC group and 7.32% in the ICC group, without a significant difference between the groups. Compared to ICC group, DCC was associated with increased hemoglobin levels [β1 coefficient 6.51; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69–12.32. β2 coefficient 5.80; 95% CI 0.07–11.54] at 12–24 h of life. There were no significant differences between the groups in neonatal death, neonatal major morbidities and maternal bleeding complications, although DCC was associated with higher estimated maternal blood loss in the cesarean section group (p =.005). Conclusions: DCC for 60 s in dichorionic twins born at <32 weeks of gestation was associated with increased neonatal hemoglobin levels, when compared with ICC. The finding of a higher estimated maternal blood loss by cesarean section in the DCC group calls for further trials to assess maternal safety of this procedure in this patient population.
Gestational diabetes mellitus (Update 2023); Gestational diabetes (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and the offspring. Women detected to have diabetes early in pregnancy receive the diagnosis of overt, non-gestational, diabetes (glucose: fasting ≥126mg/dl, spontaneous ≥200mg/dl or HbA1c≥ 6.5% before 20 weeks of gestation). GDM is diagnosed by an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT) or increased fasting glucose (≥92mg/dl). Screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes at the first prenatal visit is recommended in women at increased risk (history of GDM/pre-diabetes; malformation, stillbirth, successive abortions or birth weight >4500g previously; obesity, metabolic syndrome, age >35 years, vascular disease; clinical symptoms of diabetes (e.g. glucosuria) or ethnic origin with increased risk for GDM/T2DM (Arab, South- and Southeast Asian, Latin American)) using standard diagnostic criteria. Performance of the oGTT (120min; 75g glucose) may already be indicated in the first trimester in high-risk women but is mandatory between gestational week 24–28 in all pregnant women with previous non-pathological glucose metabolism. Following WHO recommendations, which are based on the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study, GDM is defined, if fasting venous plasma glucose is ≥92mg/dl or 1h≥ 180mg/dl or 2h≥ 153mg/dl after glucose loading (international consensus criteria). In case of one pathological value a strict metabolic control is mandatory. After bariatric surgery we do not recommend to perform an oGTT due to risk of postprandial hypoglycemia. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counseling, be instructed in blood glucose self-monitoring and motivated to increase physical activity to moderate intensity levels—if not contraindicated (Evidence level A). If blood glucose levels cannot be maintained in the therapeutic range (fasting <95mg/dl and 1h after meals <140mg/dl, Evidence level B) insulin therapy should be initiated as first choice (Evidence level A). Maternal and fetal monitoring is required in order to minimize maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and perinatal mortality. Regular obstetric examinations including ultrasound examinations are recommended (Evidence level A). Neonatal care of GDM offspring at high risk for hypoglycaemia includes blood glucose measurements after birth and if necessary appropriate intervention. Monitoring the development of the children and recommendation of healthy lifestyle are important issues to be tackled for the whole family. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance by a 75g oGTT (WHO criteria) 4–12 weeks postpartum. Assessment of glucose parameters (fasting glucose, random glucose, HbA1c or optimally oGTT) are recommended every 2–3 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women have to be instructed about their increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease at follow-up. Possible preventive meassures, in particular lifestyle changes as weight management and maintenance/increase of physical activity should be discussed (evidence level A).
Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus—clinical recommendations (Update 2023); Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect pathophysiology, screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies of diseases as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels and decreased estrogen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
The Therapeutic Activities of Metformin: Focus on the Nrf2 Signaling Pathway and Oxidative Stress Amelioration; In the present study, the health-protective and therapeutic properties of MET have been discussed, focusing on the effect of MET on the Nrf2 expression in patients with different pathological conditions. Metformin (MET) regulates high blood glucose, thus being an integral part of the antidiabetic medications used to treat type 2 diabetes mellitus. It belongs to biguanide class medications that are administered through the oral route. Moreover, the agent is widely known for its anti-cancer, anti-oxidant, anti-inflammatory, and neuroprotective effects. The MET modulates the nuclear factor erythroid-2 related factor-2 (Nrf2) signaling pathway, which in turn yields the above-mentioned medical benefits to patients. The Nrf2 signaling pathways are modulated in multiple ways described subsequently: 1) MET acts on the cancer cells and inactivates Raf-ERK signaling, thus reducing Nrf2 expression, 2) MET obstructs the expression of proteins that are involved in apoptosis of tumor cells and also prevents tumor cells from oxidation through an AMPK-independent pathway; 3) MET carries out Keap1-independent mechanism for reducing the levels of Nrf2 protein in cancer cells; 4) MET upregulates the Nrf2-mediated transcription to stimulate the anti-oxidant process that prevents oxidative stress in cells system and consequently gives neuroprotection from rotenone and 5) MET downregulates p65 and upregu-lates Nrf2 which helps improve the angiogenesis impairment stimulated by gestational diabetes mellitus. This article presents an analysis of the health-protective properties of MET and also sheds light on the effect of MET on the Nrf2 expression in patients with different pathological conditions.
Cerebral regional tissue Oxygen Saturation to Guide Oxygen Delivery in preterm neonates during immediate transition after birth (COSGOD III): multicentre randomised phase 3 clinical trial; Objective To investigate whether monitoring of cerebral tissue oxygen saturation using near infrared spectroscopy in addition to routine monitoring combined with defined treatment guidelines during immediate transition and resuscitation increases survival without cerebral injury of premature infants compared with standard care alone. Design Multicentre, multinational, randomised controlled phase 3 trial. setting 11 tertiary neonatal intensive care units in six countries in Europe and in Canada. ParticiPants 1121 pregnant women (<32 weeks’ gestation) were screened prenatally. The primary outcome was analysed in 607 of 655 randomised preterm neonates: 304 neonates in the near infrared spectroscopy group and 303 in the control group. interventiOn Preterm neonates were randomly assigned to either standard care (control group) or standard care plus monitoring of cerebral oxygen saturation with a dedicated treatment guideline (near infrared spectroscopy group) during immediate transition (first 15 minutes after birth) and resuscitation. Main OutcOMe Measure The primary outcome, assessed using all cause mortality and serial cerebral ultrasonography, was a composite of survival without cerebral injury. Cerebral injury was defined as any intraventricular haemorrhage or cystic periventricular leukomalacia, or both, at term equivalent age or before discharge. results Cerebral tissue oxygen saturation was similar in both groups. 252 (82.9%) out of 304 neonates (median gestational age 28.9 (interquartile range 26.9-30.6) weeks) in the near infrared spectroscopy group survived without cerebral injury compared with 238 (78.5%) out of 303 neonates (28.6 (26.6-30.6) weeks) in the control group (relative risk 1.06, 95% confidence interval 0.98 to 1.14). 28 neonates died (near infrared spectroscopy group 12 (4.0%) v control group 16 (5.3%): relative risk 0.75 (0.33 to 1.70). cOnclusiOn Monitoring of cerebral tissue oxygen saturation in combination with dedicated interventions in preterm neonates (<32 weeks’ gestation) during immediate transition and resuscitation after birth did not result in substantially higher survival without cerebral injury compared with standard care alone. Survival without cerebral injury increased by 4.3% but was not statistically significant.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risk of ischemic heart disease in mothers: national cohort and co-sibling study; Objective: To examine the associations between five major adverse pregnancy outcomes and long term risks of ischemic heart disease in mothers. Design: National cohort study. Setting: Sweden. Participants: All 2 195 266 women with a first singleton delivery in Sweden during 1973-2015. Main outcome measures: The main outcome measure was incidence of ischemic heart disease from delivery to 2018, identified from nationwide inpatient and outpatient diagnoses. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with preterm delivery, small for gestational age, pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, adjusting for other adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal factors. Co-sibling analyses assessed for confounding by shared familial (genetic and environmental) factors. Results: During 53.6 million person years of follow-up, ischemic heart disease was diagnosed in 83 881 (3.8%) women. All five adverse pregnancy outcomes were independently associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease. In the 10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios for ischemic heart disease associated with specific adverse pregnancy outcomes were 2.09 (95% confidence interval 1.77 to 2.46) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.72 (1.55 to 1.90) for preterm delivery, 1.54 (1.37 to 1.72) for pre-eclampsia, 1.30 (1.09 to 1.56) for gestational diabetes, and 1.10 (1.00 to 1.21) for small for gestational age. The hazard ratios remained significantly increased even 30-46 years after delivery: 1.47 (1.30 to 1.66) for other hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 1.40 (1.29 to 1.51) for gestational diabetes, 1.32 (1.28 to 1.36) for pre-eclampsia, 1.23 (1.19 to 1.27) for preterm delivery, and 1.16 (1.13 to 1.19) for small for gestational age. These findings were only partially (<45%) explained by shared familial (genetic or environmental) factors. Women who experienced multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes showed further increases in risk (eg, <10 years after delivery, adjusted hazard ratios associated with 1, 2, or ≥3 adverse pregnancy outcomes were 1.29 (1.19 to 1.39), 1.80 (1.59 to 2.03), and 2.26 (1.89 to 2.70), respectively)). Conclusions: In this large national cohort, women who experienced any of five major adverse pregnancy outcomes showed an increased risk for ischemic heart disease up to 46 years after delivery. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be considered for early preventive evaluation and long term risk reduction to help prevent the development of ischemic heart disease.
TIGAR deficiency induces caspase-1-dependent trophoblasts pyroptosis through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a common complication of pregnancy, is risky for both mother and fetus. Previous studies about TP53-induced glycolysis and apoptosis regulator (TIGAR) focused on the occurrence and development of cancer, cardiovascular disease, and neurological disease, however, it is still unclear whether TIGAR plays a regulatory role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Utilizing HG exposure, we explored the role of TIGAR in oxidative stress limitation, excessive inflammatory toxicity defense, and pyroptosis prevention. Results: TIGAR was up-regulated in vivo and in vitro under HG condition, and loss of TIGAR increased ROS in trophoblast cells which drove a phenotypic switch and hindered the capacity of migration, invasion, and tube formation. This switch depended on the increased activation of NLRP3-ASC-caspase-1 signaling, which caused a distinctive characteristic of pyroptosis, and these findings could finally be reverted by antioxidant treatment (NAC) and receptor block (MCC950). Collectively, trophoblast pyroptosis is an upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, which is promoted by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome. Conclusion: Taken together, our results uncovered that, as the upstream event of TIGAR deficiency-induced inflammation, pyroptosis is stimulated by ROS accumulation through NLRP3-ASC inflammasome.
Term breech presentation vaginal births in Tibet: A retrospective analysis of 451 cases; Background: In high altitude areas, like Tibet, most fetuses in breech presentation at term are delivered vaginally owing to a variety of reasons, but this has not been published. Objective: This study aimed to provide references and evidence for the delivery of breach presentation term fetuses in high altitude areas, through comparing and analyzing the data of full-term singleton fetuses with breech or cephalic presentation in Naqu People’s Hospital, Tibet. Study design: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 451 breech presentation fetuses mentioned above over a period of 5 years (2016–2020). A total of 526 cephalic presentation fetuses’ data within 3 months (1 June to 1 September 2020) of the same period were collected too. Statistics were compared and assembled on fetal mortality, Apgar scores, and severe neonatal complications for both planned cesarean section (CS) and vaginal delivery. In addition, we also analyzed the types of breech presentation, the second stage of labor, and damage to the maternal perineum during vaginal delivery. Results: Among the 451 cases of breech presentation fetuses, 22 cases (4.9%) elected for CS and 429 cases (95.1%) elected for vaginal delivery. Of the women who chose vaginal trial labor, 17 cases underwent emergency CSs. The perinatal and neonatal mortality rate was 4.2% in the planned vaginal delivery group and the incidence of severe neonatal complications was 11.7% in the transvaginal group, no deaths were detected in the CS group. Among the 526 cephalic control groups with planned vaginal delivery, the perinatal and neonatal mortality was 1.5% (p = 0.012), and the incidence of severe neonatal complications was 1.9%. Among vaginal breech deliveries, most of them were complete breech presentation (61.17%). Among the 364 cases, the proportion of intact perinea was 45.1%, and first degree lacerations accounted for 40.7%. Conclusion: In the Tibetan Plateau region, vaginal delivery was less safe than cephalic presentation fetuses for full-term breech presentation fetuses delivered in the lithotomy position. However, if dystocia or fetal distress can be identified in time and then encouraged to convert to cesarean, its safety will be greatly improved.
Never a dull enzyme, RNA polymerase II; RNA polymerase II (Pol II) is composed of 12 subunits that collaborate to synthesize mRNA within the nucleus. Pol II is widely recognized as a passive holoenzyme, with the molecular functions of its subunits largely ignored. Recent studies employing auxin-inducible degron (AID) and multi-omics techniques have revealed that the functional diversity of Pol II is achieved through the differential contributions of its subunits to various transcriptional and post-transcriptional processes. By regulating these processes in a coordinated manner through its subunits, Pol II can optimize its activity for diverse biological functions. Here, we review recent progress in understanding Pol II subunits and their dysregulation in diseases, Pol II heterogeneity, Pol II clusters and the regulatory roles of RNA polymerases.
The roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis; Ferroptosis represents a novel non-apoptotic form of regulated cell death that is driven by iron-dependent lipid peroxidation and plays vital roles in various diseases including cardiovascular diseases, neurodegenerative disorders and cancers. Plenty of iron metabolism-related proteins, regulators of lipid peroxidation, and oxidative stress-related molecules are engaged in ferroptosis and can regulate this complex biological process. Sirtuins have broad functional significance and are targets of many drugs in the clinic. Recently, a growing number of studies have revealed that sirtuins can participate in the occurrence of ferroptosis by affecting many aspects such as redox balance, iron metabolism, and lipid metabolism. This article reviewed the studies on the roles of sirtuins in ferroptosis and the related molecular mechanisms, highlighting valuable targets for the prevention and treatment of ferroptosis-associated diseases.
Treating to Target Glycaemia in Type 2 Diabetes Pregnancy; There is an increasing awareness that in those who develop early-onset (18-39 years) adult type 2 diabetes, an increase in insulin resistance, deterioration in beta-cell, and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors are particularly pronounced. Pregnant women with type 2 diabetes have additional risk factors for serious adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as added barriers regarding healthcare access before, during, and after pregnancy. Compared to pregnant women with type 1 diabetes, those with type 2 diabetes are older, have higher body mass index (BMI), with more metabolic comorbidities and concomitant medications, are more likely to belong to minority ethnic groups, and live in the highest areas of socio-economic deprivation. Approximately, one in seven pregnant women with type 2 diabetes (median age 34 years) are taking ACE-inhibitors, statins (13%), and/or other potentially harmful diabetes therapies (7%). Fewer than one in four are taking a high dose of folic acid before pregnancy, which may suggest that planning for pregnancy is not a priority for women themselves, their healthcare professionals, or the healthcare system. Knowledge of the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and unique management considerations of early-onset type 2 diabetes is essential to providing evidence-based care to pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. This narrative review will discuss contemporary data regarding type 2 diabetes pregnancy outcomes and the increasing recognition that different types of diabetes may require different treatment strategies before, during, and after pregnancy.
Current Practice and Controversies in Screening for Gestational Diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with fetal and maternal complica-tions, and the prevalence has been increasing over the past decades. Hence, it is imperative to effectively screen, manage and monitor patients with GDM, but there continues to be a lack of consensus on optimal screening for GDM internationally. In this review, we discuss the current screening methods for GDM, some of which are controversial and vary across several different healthcare systems. We also discuss the changes adapted to these guidelines during the COVID-19 pandemic and review novel approaches to the screening of GDM.
A prediction model for short-term neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants with gestational age less than 32 weeks; Introduction: Early identification and intervention of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants may significantly improve their outcomes. This study aimed to build a prediction model for short-term neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants using machine learning method. Methods: Preterm infants with gestational age < 32 weeks who were hospitalized in The Maternal and Child Health Hospital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and were followed-up to 18 months corrected age were included to build the prediction model. The training set and test set are divided according to 8:2 randomly by Microsoft Excel. We firstly established a logistic regression model to screen out the indicators that have a significant effect on predicting neurodevelopmental impairment. The normalized weights of each indicator were obtained by building a Support Vector Machine, in order to measure the importance of each predictor, then the dimension of the indicators was further reduced by principal component analysis methods. Both discrimination and calibration were assessed with a bootstrap of 505 resamples. Results: In total, 387 eligible cases were collected, 78 were randomly selected for external validation. Multivariate logistic regression demonstrated that gestational age(p = 0.0004), extrauterine growth restriction (p = 0.0367), vaginal delivery (p = 0.0009), and hyperbilirubinemia (0.0015) were more important to predict the occurrence of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants. The Support Vector Machine had an area under the curve of 0.9800 on the training set. The results of the model were exported based on 10-fold cross-validation. In addition, the area under the curve on the test set is 0.70. The external validation proves the reliability of the prediction model. Conclusion: A support vector machine based on perinatal factors was developed to predict the occurrence of neurodevelopmental impairment in preterm infants with gestational age < 32 weeks. The prediction model provides clinicians with an accurate and effective tool for the prevention and early intervention of neurodevelopmental impairment in this population.
An overview of natural products that modulate the expression of non-coding RNAs involved in oxidative stress and inflammation-associated disorders; Oxidative stress is a state in which oxidants are produced in excess in the body’s tissues and cells, resulting in a biological imbalance amid the generation of reactive oxygen and nitrogen species (RONS) from redox reactions. In case of insufficient antioxidants to balance, the immune system triggers signaling cascades to mount inflammatory responses. Oxidative stress can have deleterious effects on major macromolecules such as lipids, proteins, and nucleic acids, hence, Oxidative stress and inflammation are among the multiple factors contributing to the etiology of several disorders such as diabetes, cancers, and cardiovascular diseases. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) which were once referred to as dark matter have been found to function as key regulators of gene expression through different mechanisms. They have dynamic roles in the onset and development of inflammatory and oxidative stress-related diseases, therefore, are potential targets for the control of those diseases. One way of controlling those diseases is through the use of natural products, a rich source of antioxidants that have drawn attention with several studies showing their involvement in combating chronic diseases given their enormous gains, low side effects, and toxicity. In this review, we highlighted the natural products that have been reported to target ncRNAs as mediators of their biological effects on oxidative stress and several inflammation-associated disorders. Those natural products include Baicalein, Tanshinone IIA, Geniposide, Carvacrol/Thymol, Triptolide, Oleacein, Curcumin, Resveratrol, Solarmargine, Allicin, aqueous extract or pulp of Açai, Quercetin, and Genistein. We also draw attention to some other compounds including Zanthoxylum bungeanum, Canna genus rhizome, Fuzi-ganjiang herb pair, Aronia melanocarpa, Peppermint, and Gingerol that are effective against oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders, however, have no known effect on ncRNAs. Lastly, we touched on the many ncRNAs that were found to play a role in oxidative stress and inflammation-related disorders but have not yet been investigated as targets of a natural product. Shedding more light into these two last points of shadow will be of great interest in the valorization of natural compounds in the control and therapy of oxidative stress- and inflammation-associated disorders.
A Review on Autism Spectrum Disorder: Pathogenesis, Biomarkers, Pharmacological and Non-Pharmacological Interventions; Autistic spectrum disorder (ASD) is a complicated developmental disease characterized by persistent difficulties in social interaction, speech and nonverbal communication, and restricted/ repetitive activities. Our goal is to deliver a step ahead awareness on neurodevelopment in ASD through early behavioral screenings, genetic testing, and detection of various environmental triggers. This would significantly reduce the tally of people with autistic characteristics. As of now, much work is to be done in understanding and treating ASD. Firstly, awareness campaigns must be organized and maintained so that ASD children can be identified and treated feasibly. Secondly, prenatal and pre-pregnancy environmental risk awareness, including advice against consanguineous marriages, information on optimum mother nutrition, and minimizing pollutants exposure, can be focused. Finally, the extension of genetic screening along with early postnatal monitoring of newborn feeding, nutrition, and eye contact will help in early therapy. People with ASD have strict dietary habits, but they are also more prone to gastrointestinal problems, including diarrhoea, constipation, and sometimes irritable bowel syndrome. Despite significant studies on the symptoms and possible causes of ASD, GI dysfunction is becoming a hot issue of discussion. Dietary strategies can partially help to alleviate both GI and behavioural issues due to the link between gut-microbiota and brain activity. Dietary treatments may be less expensive, easier to administer and have fewer adverse effects than pharmacological in-terventions. Hence, there is an increasing interest in autistic children's customized diets and supple-ments. Future studies should look at whether these diets are applicable to diverse people and whether they are practical in various circumstances (areas with fewer resources, lower socioeconomic areas, countries with different dietary restrictions, etc.). The dietary phytochemicals, including curcumin, resveratrol, naringenin, and sulforaphane, have a substantial role as neurotherapeutic agents. These agents can act as an antioxidant, immunomodulator, gut microbiota modulator and Nrf2 activator to provide benefits to ASD patients. Hence an urgent need is to create brain-targeted delivery methods for these dietary phytochemicals and to investigate their therapeutic value in ASD.
Heart Disease in Pregnancy: A Multi Disciplinary Approach; Background: Cardiac Disease is an important cause of maternal morbidity and mortality both in antepartum and postpartum period. The overall incidence of heart disease in pregnancy is 2-4%. It can be congenital or acquired. In developing countries Rheumatic heart disease continues to be the major cause of morbidity and morbidity. Objective of present study was to determine the maternal outcome in pregnant women with heart disease and early intervention. Outcome of the study will highlight the effectiveness of cardiac intervention in appropriate patients and its outcome both maternal and fetal. Method: It is a prospective observational study. Conducted at Government Rajaji Hospital, Madurai for a period of 12 months from January 2020 to December 2020. Government Rajaji Hospital is a tertiary care referral centre, a Cemonc hospital where 216 pregnant woman with previously established or newly diagnosed during pregnancy were included in the study. They were registered and monitored from the time of registration and followed up till 12 months postpartum period. Results: Incidence of heart disease in our hospital is 1.3%. Among 216 mothers, 85.6% cases are of Rheumatic heart disease. Most of them belongs to mild moderate valvular lesion. Among 59 severe mitral stenotic heart disease, percutaneous mitral valve commissurotomy (PTMC) done for 11 cases. 11 of them delivered successfully without any adverse intrapartum and postpartum events. Overall mortality rate of heart disease complicating pregnancy in our institution is 0.4%.
First Trimester Tricuspid Regurgitation: Clinical Significance; Tricuspid regurgitation is a cardiac valvular anomaly that consists of the return of blood to the right atrium during systole due to incomplete valve closure. This structure can be visualized on ultrasound between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation in most cases. Despite being a common find-ing, even in healthy fetuses, the presence of tricuspid regurgitation may be associated with chromosomal and structural abnormalities. The evaluation of tricuspid flow and the presence of regurgitation on first-trimester ultrasound has shown promising results regarding its role in the early detection of aneuploidies, congenital heart defects, and other adverse perinatal outcomes. This review article aims to demonstrate the importance of tricuspid regurgitation as a secondary marker, and consequently, significant benefits of its early detection when added to the combined first-trimester screening. Its value will be discussed, namely its sensitivity and specificity, alone and together with other current markers in the fetal assessment performed in the first-trimester ultrasound.
Comparation of Waist Circumference-Length Ratio and Ponderal Index in Preterm Infants of Higher and Lower Gestational Ages at Birth; Introduction: Preterm infants are more likely than full-term babies to acquire obesity, hypertension, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. Preterm babies have higher total fat mass or adiposity compared to term babies, in addition to higher visceral fat as a percentage of total body fat storage. Adipose tissue is metabolically active, and the fat cells that make up this tissue secrete a class of bioactive substances known as adipokines. Methodology: For 100 infants born preterm and 100 infants born full-term, a chart review was done. We measured the baby's weight at birth, length, waist size, and hospital discharge weight (WC). The body mass index (BMI), ponderal index, and width to length ratio (WLR) were calculated. According to birth weight (BW), preterm newborns were divided into quartiles (Q1-Q4). Result: As comparison to preterm infants in higher BW quartiles or full-term infants, preterm neonatal 2 in the lowest BW quartile (Q1) had considerably shorter mean length, WC, WLR, BMI, and ponderal index at birth. Although their weight, length, and BMI remained significantly below term infants, preterm infants in Q1 experienced a disproportionate increase in WLR and ponderal index. As a result, at discharge, their WLR and ponderal index were higher than infants in Q2–3, similar to infants in Q4, and greater than full-term newborns. Discharge WLR and ponderal index increased in Q1 in addition to a decrease in postmenstrual age at delivery. Conclusion: We describe normative birth data for WLR and PI in preterm and full-term neonates according to gestational age and gender. WLR and ponderal index grow disproportionately in premature infants with lower birth postmenstrual ages.
Effect of Gymnema sylvestre in the Control of Diabetes: A Review; Gymnema sylvestre is a plant of the Asclepiadaceae family that grows worldwide. It is one of the most potent medicinal plants. G. sylvestre leaves are commonly utilised in the treatment of diabetes mellitus.In Indian herbal medicines, it is used as a diuretic drug. The most important active chemical ingredient taken out from the Gymnema plant are gymnemic acids which help prevent glucose absorption. This herb is famous for its antihelmentic, anti-inflammatory, diuretic and stomach-friendly qualities. Leucoderma, constipation, hemorrhoids, jaundice, cardiopathy, asthma, bronchitis and dyspepsia are said to be treated with this plant. The Gymnema leaves are chewed to reduce the appetite for sweet and bitter items and applied on the affected body regions to heal a variety of illnesses. An examination of the literature found that the plant has anti-inflammatory, anti-obesity, hypolipidaemic, antidiabetic, free radical scavenging and antibacterial properties. According to literature reviews, Gymnema is an extensively used plant for the cure and management of a lot of disorders and is a key constituent in numerous ayurvedic formulations. However, scientists have not made much effort to prove its efficacy. The current review focuses on G. sylvestre’s folk and ayurvedic usage and pharmacognostic, pharmacological and phytochemical research. G. sylvestre may aid weight reduction by reducing sweet cravings and controlling blood sugar levels. This review highlights the plant description, literature and phytochemistry of G. sylvestre. It also talks briefly about diabetes mellitus and how G. sylvestre can be useful in the treatment of it. We also discuss about the side effects and toxicity of it.
The Efficacy of Erythrocyte Transfusion in Very Low Birth Weight Infants with Premature Anemia; Objective: This study aimed to determine the clinical efficacy of erythrocyte transfusion (ET) in premature infants. Material and Methods: Very low birth weight (VLBW) infants with gestational age (GA) < 32 weeks and/or birth weight (BW) <1500 g and hospitalized in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) between 2012-2018 were retrospectively evaluated. ET was performed according to Ohls 2007 and Turkish Neonatalogy Society Blood Products Transfusion Guidelines. Results: 72 infants included in this study. Mean BW was 1325 g (680-2290 g), GA was 30 weeks (25-32), median postnatal age was 36.7±26.9 days (8-129), number of ET during hospitalization was 2±1.2 (1-6). There were no significant changes in mean heart rates (p=0.183) and median respiratory rates before and after ET (p=0.123). Weight gain (16 g/day-11 g/day) was statistically similar before and after ET (p=0.861). A significant decrease in apnea, noninvasive ventilation (NIV) and caffeine therapy requirements after ET was determined (p<0.001, p=0.016 and p=0.016). Serum lactate (2.9-1.5) levels were decreased by ET (p=0.017). Conclusion: Premature infants should closely follow-up for anemia and related symptoms during NICU stay. ET may help to decrease frequency of apnea of prematurity, requirements of caffeine therapy and NIV. ET improves tissue oxygenation in VLBW infants with anemia. Decision of ET should be made according to severity of symptoms, and should be performed according to international, national or local transfusion guidelines.
Assessing Cardiac Functions in Large for Gestational Age Infants using Tissue Doppler Imaging; Objective: To assess cardiac functions of large for gestational age (LGA) infants with no maternal gestational diabetes mellitus using tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Methods: LGA infants of nondiabetic mothers and appropriate for gestational age (AGA) infants were included in this study. Conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler echocardiography were performed in all patients. Results Totally 78 neonates, of these, 37 term LGA infants were in study group and 41 gestational-age matched AGA infants constituted the control group. The mean birth weight of LGA infants was 4175 ±249.4 g; AGA infants was 3317±183.9 g (p <0.001). Among left and right ventricle tissue Doppler parameters; Left ventricular Am velocity was significantly higher and Em/Am ratio was lower in LGA infants and right ventricular Em/Am ratio and Em velocity was significantly lower in LGA infants compared to control group. Among tissue Doppler myocardial performance index parameters, LGA infants had significantly higher values than controls regarding left ventricular (p<.001), and right ventricular (p<.001) myocardial performance indices. Conclusion The results of our study suggest that term LGA infants may have a predisposition for cardiac structural changes and diastolic dysfunction. TDI is a feasible technique in neonates that provides direct information on the myocardium, allowing analysis of both systolic and diastolic functions in one waveform. The addition of TDI to standard neonatal echocardiography may provide additional information on cardiac functions of LGA infants
Machine learning applied in maternal and fetal health: a narrative review focused on pregnancy diseases and complications; Introduction: Machine learning (ML) corresponds to a wide variety of methods that use mathematics, statistics and computational science to learn from multiple variables simultaneously. By means of pattern recognition, ML methods are able to find hidden correlations and accomplish accurate predictions regarding different conditions. ML has been successfully used to solve varied problems in different areas of science, such as psychology, economics, biology and chemistry. Therefore, we wondered how far it has penetrated into the field of obstetrics and gynecology. Aim: To describe the state of art regarding the use of ML in the context of pregnancy diseases and complications. Methodology: Publications were searched in PubMed, Web of Science and Google Scholar. Seven subjects of interest were considered: gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, perinatal death, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, cesarean section, and fetal malformations. Current state: ML has been widely applied in all the included subjects. Its uses are varied, the most common being the prediction of perinatal disorders. Other ML applications include (but are not restricted to) biomarker discovery, risk estimation, correlation assessment, pharmacological treatment prediction, drug screening, data acquisition and data extraction. Most of the reviewed articles were published in the last five years. The most employed ML methods in the field are non-linear. Except for logistic regression, linear methods are rarely used. Future challenges: To improve data recording, storage and update in medical and research settings from different realities. To develop more accurate and understandable ML models using data from cutting-edge instruments. To carry out validation and impact analysis studies of currently existing high-accuracy ML models. Conclusion: The use of ML in pregnancy diseases and complications is quite recent, and has increased over the last few years. The applications are varied and point not only to the diagnosis, but also to the management, treatment, and pathophysiological understanding of perinatal alterations. Facing the challenges that come with working with different types of data, the handling of increasingly large amounts of information, the development of emerging technologies, and the need of translational studies, it is expected that the use of ML continue growing in the field of obstetrics and gynecology.
An Evidence-Based Review of Diabetes Care: History, Types, Relationship to Cancer and Heart Disease, Co-Morbid Factors, and Preventive Measures; Diabetes is characterized by hyperglycemia due to the decreased and inadequate levels of insulin in the body, resistance to the effects of insulin, or a combination of both. There are three types of diabetes. However, Type 2 disease is the most common, followed by Type 1 and gestational diabetes. Most common factors responsible for diabetes are obesity or being over-weight, impaired glucose tolerance, insulin resistance, ethnic background, sedentary lifestyle, and family history. Because of the increased longevity, it is becoming a disease of the elderly, thus contributing to the complexity of managing it in the ageing population. Diabetes also has implications for cancer and heart disease. Some studies have shown increased cancer risk in pre-diabetic and diabetic individuals. A recent major study draws firm conclusion that diabetes promotes a person’s risk of developing different types of cancer. The occurrence and mortality of cancer types, e.g., pancreas, liver, colorectal, breast, endometrial, and bladder cancers, may pro-duce a modest rise in diabetics. Women with diabetes are 27% likelier to develop cancer compared to healthy women. On the other hand, only 19% more men with diabetes are likely to develop cancer when compared to healthy men. Preventive measures such as proper diet, physical activity, weight management, smoking cessation, and controlling obesity may improve Type 2 diabetes (T2D) outcomes and some forms of cancer. Developing awareness of the genetic association relationship between T2D and coronary heart disease has begun to provide the potential for better prevention and treatment of both disorders. Significant preventive measures for diabetes include-the consumption of nutrients such as vitamin D, nuts, minerals chromium and mag-nesium, controlling weight, hypertension, plant foods, and a Mediterranean plant-based diet along with increased exercise.
Three-dimensional Power Doppler Ultrasonography Evaluation of Maternal Orbital Perfusion in Pregnancies with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Determine the level of maternal orbital perfusion in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnant women using maternal orbital vascular sonobiopsy (MOVS) and three-dimensional (3D) power Doppler ultrasound methods. Methods: The use of 3D power Doppler ultrasonography (3D-PDUS) for maternal orbital perfusion, together with virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) histogram analysis, was carried out in 33 pregnancies between 25 and 40 weeks of gestation, including 18 cases of normal pregnancy (control) and 15 cases of gestational diabetes. The 3D power Doppler indices, such as the vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization FI (VFI), were calculated in both orbits of the individual group. The average value of each index for the two orbits was evaluated for further investigation. Both inter and intraobserver agreements of 3D-PDUS were examined. Results: In the Bland–Altman test, the mean percentage difference and 95% limits of intra and interobserver agreements for VI, FI, and VFI were 0.0803% (7.3417,-7.181) and-0.6823% (10.8095,-12.1742),-0.4816% (6.0624,-7.0256) and 0% (9.0746,-8.8384), and 0.0058% (2.6937,-2.6821) and-0.2892% (3.8910,-4.4694), respectively. The correlation for all three 3D-PD indices, that is, VI, FI, and VFI, was higher than 0.75 (0.7832–0.9749). The VI, FI, and VFI levels between control and GDM pregnancies did not change significantly. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that MOVS, which was assessed using 3D-PDUS and VOCAL histogram analysis, can offer fresh perspectives on observing maternal orbital perfusion in both healthy and dysfunctional pregnancies.
Clinical characterisation and management outcome of obstetric patients following intensive care unit admission for COVID-19 pneumonia; This study aims to examine the clinical characteristics and mortality-related factors of obstetric patients, who were taken to the intensive care unit due to Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19). This study included 31 patients in the peripartum period with COVID-19 pneumonia, followed up in the intensive care unit (ICU) from March 2020 to December 2020. Symptoms, laboratory values, intensive care unit duration of stay, complications, the requirement of non-invasive and invasive mechanical ventilation, and mortality were recorded. The mean age was 30.7 ± 6.2 years and the mean gestational age was 31.1 ± 6.4 weeks. Among the patients, 25.8% had a fever, 87.1% had a cough, 96.8% had dyspnoea and 77.4% had tachypnoea. Seventeen patients (54.8%) had mild, 6 (19.4%) had moderate and 8 (25.8%) had severe pulmonary involvement on computed tomography. Sixteen (51.6%) patients required high-frequency oscillatory ventilation, 6 (19.3%) patients required continuous positive airway pressure, and 5 (16.1%) patients required invasive mechanical ventilation. Sepsis complicated by septic shock and multiorgan failure occurred in 4 patients and all of them died. The ICU duration of stay was 4.9 ± 4.3 days. We have found that older maternal age, obesity, high LDH, AST, ALT, ferritin, leukocyte, CRP, and procalcitonin values, and severe lung involvement were mortality-related factors.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregnant women are in the high-risk group for Covid-19 disease and its complications. Although most pregnant women are asymptomatic, severe infection-related hypoxia can cause serious foetal and maternal problems. What do the results of this study add? When we examined the literature, we found that the number of studies on pregnant women with severe Covid-19 infection was limited. For this reason, with our study results, we aim to contribute to the literature by determining the biochemical parameters and patient-related factors associated with severe infection and mortality in pregnant patients with severe Covid-19 infection. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? With our study results, predisposing factors for the development of severe Covid-19 infection in the pregnant patient population and biochemical parameters that are early indicators of severe infection were determined. In this way, pregnant women in the high-risk group can be followed closely and the necessary treatments can be started quickly so disease-related complications and mortality can be reduced.
Surgery Before Pregnancy in Women with Congenital Heart Disease: A Retrospective Study; Background: This study aimed to investigate if surgery before pregnancy would result in better maternal and fetal outcomes in patients with congenital heart disease. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted using data collected from the medical records of pregnant patients with congenital heart disease, who were seen at Beijing Anzhen Hospital between 2010 and 2019. The patients were divided into surgical and non-surgical groups, and the differences in outcomes were compared. Results: A total of 999 patients with congenital heart disease (mean age, 28.7±4.3 years) were enrolled, with 403 (40.0%) and 596 (60.0%) in the surgical and non-surgical groups, respectively. The percentages of almost all adverse events were higher in the non-surgical group than in the surgical group. The adverse events included preterm delivery (9.9 vs. 17.1%), low birth weight (6.5 vs. 11.6%), heart failure (2.7 vs. 6.7%), cesarean section (75.7 vs. 85.9%), pulmonary hypertension (13.6 vs. 36.2%), and death (0.5 vs. 2.3%) (all P < 0.05). A total of 16 (1.6%) patients died, including 14 and two in the non-surgical and surgical groups, respectively. Regardless of the type of congenital heart disease, preterm delivery and low birth weight were more common in the nonsurgical group compared with the surgical group, and there were no statistical between group differences in the other remaining events. Conclusions: In the non-surgical group, the results were similar regardless of the type of congenital heart disease, except for preterm delivery and low birth weight. The overall outcome of the surgical group was better than that of the non-surgical group, and surgery before pregnancy reduced maternal and infant risk.
Could maternal serum MFG-E8 level predict adverse first trimester pregnancy outcome? A preliminary study; Background/aim: Milk fat globule-epidermal growth factor 8 (MFG-E8) is expressed in the endometrial epithelium and its expression increases during the implantation process. Due to this knowledge, we aimed to investigate the maternal serum MFG-E8 levels on both healthy pregnant women in the first trimester and pregnant women complicated with missed abortion and threatened abortion in the first trimester. Materials and methods: This prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted in a tertiary referral hospital, department of obstetrics between July 2020 and February 2021 after ethical committee approval. The study population was consisted of 30 healthy pregnant women (HP) in the first trimester, 30 pregnant women suffering from threatened abortion (TA) in the first trimester and 30 pregnant women suffering from missed abortion (MA) in the first trimester. Maternal serum MFG-E8 levels were analyzed with enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Delivery and neonatal outcomes of the study population was evaluated. The continuous variables were compared among three groups with variance analysis with post hoc tests. The categorical variables were compared with chi-square and Fisher’s exact tests where applicable. Results: The mean age of the study population was 29.36 ± 5.31 years. There was no significant difference among three groups for parameters of age, body mass index, parity number, and gestational week. Despite being within normal ranges, the mean neutrophil and international normalized ratio values of the three groups showed statistically significant difference (p < 0.05). The mean maternal serum MFG-E8 levels of MA, TA, and HP groups were 270 ± 152.3, 414.7 ± 236.7, and 474 ± 222.5 ng/mL, respectively (p = 0.001). It was found that mean of MFG-E8 of the MA group was statistically significantly lower than those of the other two groups (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Although maternal serum MFG-E8 level seems to be a parameter that differ between live and nonlive pregnancies, studies with large number of cases are needed to discuss our results and to determine a cut-off value for prediction.
Neurological Phenotypes of IRF2BPL Gene Variants: A Report of Four Novel Variants; IRF2BPL gene variants have recently been associated to developmental disability and epilepsy in children and movement disorders in adults. So far, only few cases have been reported; here we present four novel cases identified by exome sequencing, while investigating developmental delay, adult-onset cerebellar ataxia or regression.
Listeriosis During Pregnancy: Maternal and Neonatal Consequences—A Case Report; Listeriosis is a rare but extremely dangerous infection for both mother and fetus. This pathogen can spread in humans’ bodies by consumption of contaminated food. The main high-risk groups of people for being infected are immunosuppressed and especially pregnant women. We present a case of materno-neonatal listeriosis illustrating that empiric antimicrobial therapy of chorioamnionitis during labor and neonate postpartum can also cover listeriosis which was not diagnosed prior to obtaining cultures.
Incidence of Fetal Myocardial Hypertrophy in Mother with Diabetes Mellitus by Using Cardio-Spatiotemporal Image Correlation (STIC) M-Mode; Objective: The aim was to demonstrate the prevalence of fetal myocardial hypertrophy (FMH) in diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) M-mode. Material and Methods: This prospective descriptive study was conducted at Bhumibol Adulyadej Hospital (BAH) Royal Thai Air Force between April and December 2022. Participants were singleton DM pregnant women with gestational age (GA) between 18 and 40 weeks who had antenatal care and delivery at BAH. DM screening was randomized blood sugar obtained from all participants. All participants underwent fetal heart exams by four-dimension ultrasound with STIC M-mode. Results: One hundred and forty-five participants were recruited and classified as pregestational (PDM) and gestational DM (GDM) at 31 and 114 cases, respectively. The mean age of participants was 31.7 years old. Fasting blood sugar (FBS) of PDM was significantly higher than GDM (105.1 vs 87.0 mg%). GDMA2 had more elevated FBS than GDMA1 (p < 0.001). PDM had significantly greater FBS and two-hour postprandial blood sugar (2hr-PP) than GDM (105.1/87.0 and 151.5/117.9 mg%, respectively). FBS and 2hr-PP of GDMA2 were more than GDMA1 with statistical significance. Good glycemic control of GDM was significantly better than PDM. GDMA1 had better glycemic control than GDMA2 with statistical significance. Four-fifth (115/145) of participants had FMH. FMH and estimated fetal weight among PDM and GDM were comparable. Both good and poor glycemic control had similar FMH. Neonatal outcomes of FMH or non-FMH infants were similar. Conclusion: The prevalence of FMH in diabetic pregnant women was 79.3%. Glycemic control had no correlation to FMH.
Perioperative anesthesia management for pregnant mother with multivalvular heart disease and moderate pulmonary hypertension who underwent caesarean section, in resource limiting area 2022: A case report; Introduction: As measured by a right heart catheterization, pulmonary hypertension is an increase in mean pulmonary arterial pressure of more than 25 mmHg at rest or more than 30 mmHg during exercise. Some of the cardiac heart conditions that may develop during pregnancy include severe mitral regurgitation and mild tricuspid regurgitation. Prior to delivery, pregnant patients with pulmonary hypertension and significant multivalvular heart disease need to undergo careful preoperative, multidisciplinary assessment, and anaesthetic planning to maximize cardiac function during the peripartum period and make informed decisions about the delivery mood and anaesthetic technique. Case Presentation: A 30-year-old Para two Gravid three pregnant mother presented with chronic rheumatic heart disease, severe mitral regurgitation, moderate pulmonary hypertension, severe left atrial dilatation, mild aortic regurgitation, and mild tricuspid regurgitation scheduled for elective cesarean section. She had one previous cesarean section four years ago with an indication of fetal macrosomia. Her cardiac condition, however, was moderate mitral regurgitation, mild left atrial dilatation, mild pulmonary hypertension, and no tricuspid or aortic regurgitation. She had continuous follow-ups after diagnosis until now but has not taken any medication. Conclusion: Anaesthesia management in a patient with severe mitral regurgitation, moderate pulmonary hypertension, severe left atrial dilatation, mild aortic regurgitation, and mild tricuspid regurgitation was challenging in resource limited area. Even if spontaneous delivery is recommended for the patients with cardiac findings, a cesarean delivery will need in the area where limited access to support it. Goal-directed perioperative management with multidisciplinary involvement helps the patient to have a good outcome.
Prospective Study of Perinatal Outcomes in Infants of Diabetic Mothers; This prospective study aimed to investigate the incidence of perinatal complications in infants of diabetic mothers and the impact of maternal glycemic control on neonatal outcomes at Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital, Pune, from April 2011 to April 2012. Out of 1074 deliveries during the study period, 118 involved pregnancies with diabetes, resulting in a gestational diabetes incidence of 9.4%. Among the 130 live born infants of diabetic mothers studied, there were no reported mortalities. Approximately 13.07% of the mothers had pregestational diabetes, while the rest had gestational diabetes. Vaginal delivery occurred in 40.7% of cases, with assistance provided in 35% of these deliveries. Cesarean sections were performed in 59.2% of cases. Full-term deliveries were observed in 73.07% of cases, and 26.92% were preterm. The incidence of low birth weight was 20%, while rates of large for gestational age, appropriate for gestational age, and small for gestational age were 32.23%, 63.63%, and 4.13% respectively, based on Indian growth curves. Neonatal complications, excluding preterm and large/small for gestational age infants, were present in 67% of cases, with hypoglycemia being the most common (48.46%). Hypoglycemia was more prevalent in the pregestational diabetes mellitus group compared to the gestational diabetes mellitus group. Hyperbilirubinemia and hypocalcemia were also frequently observed. Major malformations were found in 17% of cases, predominantly cardiac malformations, with atrial septal defects being the most common structural heart disease. The study highlights the significance of implementing meticulous, protocol-based care for infants born to diabetic mothers.
Serum amyloid A and metabolic disease: evidence for a critical role in chronic inflammatory conditions; Serum amyloid A (SAA) subtypes 1–3 are well-described acute phase reactants that are elevated in acute inflammatory conditions such as infection, tissue injury, and trauma, while SAA4 is constitutively expressed. SAA subtypes also have been implicated as playing roles in chronic metabolic diseases including obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, and possibly in autoimmune diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosis, rheumatoid arthritis, and inflammatory bowel disease. Distinctions between the expression kinetics of SAA in acute inflammatory responses and chronic disease states suggest the potential for differentiating SAA functions. Although circulating SAA levels can rise up to 1,000-fold during an acute inflammatory event, elevations are more modest (∼5-fold) in chronic metabolic conditions. The majority of acute-phase SAA derives from the liver, while in chronic inflammatory conditions SAA also derives from adipose tissue, the intestine, and elsewhere. In this review, roles for SAA subtypes in chronic metabolic disease states are contrasted to current knowledge about acute phase SAA. Investigations show distinct differences between SAA expression and function in human and animal models of metabolic disease, as well as sexual dimorphism of SAA subtype responses.
Umbilical artery thrombosis and maternal positive autoimmune antibodies: two case reports and a literature review; Background: Previous studies have shown that abnormal increases in autoimmune antibodies in pregnant women may increase the risk of maternal thrombosis. However, at our hospital, two pregnant women presented with umbilical artery thrombosis and positive maternal autoantibodies were detected in both, which led us to consider whether maternal autoantibodies also played a role in umbilical artery thrombosis. Case presentation: Case 1: Fetal ultrasound of a 34-year-old pregnant woman at 30+4 weeks gestation showed two umbilical arteries, with an inner diameter of approximately 0.15 cm for the smaller was artery. However, only a single umbilical artery blood flow signal was detected. Due to fetal distress, which was noted on abnormal cardiotocography and Doppler ultrasound, an emergency cesarean section was performed at 31+1 weeks gestation. The Apgar score of the newborn was 3-8-8. Umbilical cord examination detected thrombosis in the two umbilical arteries. Moreover, blood test results during pregnancy showed nRNP/Sm antibody (+) and SS antibody (+++). Case 2: The first systematic ultrasound of a 33-year-old twin pregnancy at 24+3 weeks gestation was normal, but routine fetal ultrasound at 27+1 weeks gestation showed only one umbilical artery between fetus A and the placenta. Blood test results showed that the patient was anti-nRNP/Sm antibody (+) in the rheumatoid immune activity test at 27+3 weeks gestation. An emergency cesarean section was performed at 34+6 weeks gestation because of the single umbilical artery and abnormal maternal coagulation. Both umbilical cords of fetus A and B blood test results showed anti-nRNP/Sm antibody (++). The pathological examination of the umbilical cord and placenta showed the presence of old thrombosis in one of the umbilical arteries of fetus A. Conclusions: Abnormal maternal autoantibodies may be a risk factor for umbilical artery thrombosis. For these pregnant women, conducting more detailed ultrasound monitoring might get early detection of UAT formation and avoid the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Hepatokines fetuin A and fetuin B status in women with/without gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To assess circulating fetuin A and fetuin B levels in participants with and without Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and to find out their correlations with other different parameters relating to gestational diabetes in Saudi women. Methods: A total of 123 Saudi pregnant women (N: 46 GDM and N: 77 healthy control) were included in this observational study. Fasting blood samples were collected to assess serum lipids, insulin and fetuin A and fetuin B. Serum fetuin A and fetuin B were quantified by commercially available kits. Results: The median value of fetuin A was slight lower in GDM patients [2003 pg/ml (866-3369)] than in the control group [2015 pg/ml (1060-2951)] without significant difference (P=0.95). The median value of fetuin B was also slight lower in GDM patients [3292 ng/ml (782-6740)] than the control group [3514 ng/ml (364-14854)] but without significant difference (P=0.564). There was a significant inverse correlation between fetuin B and total cholesterol in control group. Conclusions: The present study did not find a significant association between fetuins A and B with GDM or insulin resistance, but there was a significant inverse correlation between fetuin B and total cholesterol in the control group, reflecting good glucose control and adequate use of lipids in the nutrition of the fetus. Further research is required in the future to understand fetuin’s role in the progression of GDM in Saudi women.
The clinical value of prenatal ultrasound in the diagnosis of caudal regression syndrome; Objective: Caudal regression syndrome (CRS) is a rare and fatal anomaly that can easily be missed in prenatal two-dimensional (2D) ultrasonography. This retrospective analysis aimed to determine the performance of combined 2D and three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound for the prenatal diagnosis of CRS. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed 168 fetuses diagnosed with spinal lesions by combined 2D and 3D ultrasound at the First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University from January 2016 to June 2022. We analyzed the sonographic characteristics of these cases and assessed the diagnostic value of ultrasound in fetal CRS. Results: Fourteen fetuses were confirmed to have CRS after labor induction and postpartum, and 13 of these were correctly identified by prenatal ultrasound imaging. The sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, and Youden index of prenatal ultrasound were 85.7%, 93.5%, 92.9%, and 0.79, respectively. Conclusion: The typical prenatal sonographic features of CRS include different degrees of lumbar and sacrococcygeal spine loss combined with abnormal lower limb development. Prenatal ultrasound can assess the extent and location of lesions, highlighting its high diagnostic value.
Third trimester HbA1c as a prognostic indicator in the prediction of large-for-gestational age babies in South Indian women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study; Background: The prevalence of hyperglycemia first detected during pregnancy is showing an escalating increase in recent years contributed by the increasing obesity prevalence, advanced maternal age at delivery, and the universal screening protocol during the first antenatal visit. There exists a very little data on the role of HbA1c in pregnancy and the results remain inconsistent. There is a need to define diagnostic criteria to predict the adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Aims and Objectives: This study was aimed to assess the role of HbA1c as a prognostic indicator of third trimester mean blood glucose in GDM pregnancies and in predicting the birth of large for gestational age (LGA) babies. Materials and Methods: 200 pregnant women with GDM and 200 pregnant women without GDM and their neonates participated in this analytical cross-sectional study. Maternal age, height, weight, BMI, and neonatal birth weight were recorded. Third trimester maternal HbA1c level was analyzed by high-performance liquid chromatography. The association between HbA1c and LGA births was analyzed. Results: The mean HbA1c levels and percentage of LGA births were high in GDM group. Multiple logistic regression analysis showed association between high HbA1c values and LGA births in GDM. A Receiver operating characteristic curve was drawn to derive the optimal cut-off value, sensitivity, and specificity of HbA1c in predicting birth of LGA neonates in GDM. Conclusion: This study shows that high third trimester HbA1c levels in GDM increase the risk of LGA births. Further studies are needed to define standard cut-off values of glycated Hb in each trimester of pregnancy.
Isolated Agnathia-Otocephaly Complex Diagnosed Prenatally for Ex-Utero Intrapartum Treatment: A Case Report; Objective: Background: Case Report: Conclusions: Congenital defects/diseases Agnathia-otocephaly complex (AOC) is a rare congenital malformation due to a first-branch arch disorder and has been considered lethal. However, milder variants of the isolated type of AOC have been reported as non-lethal. The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) procedure is basically indicated for a fetus with a high risk of airway obstruction immediately after birth; it is not indicated for all AOC cases but is chosen to treat cases until the airway can be evaluated to achieve a better prognosis. A 37-year-old woman was referred with reported fetal facial deformity and polyhydramnios at 27 weeks of gestation. Our fetal ultrasound scans showed agnathia, microstomia, and synotia, but not holoprosencephaly. Isolated AOC was diagnosed prenatally. Magnetic resonance imaging and microbubble tests revealed delayed fetal lung maturation, although it was not completely unmatured. With patient agreement, an emergency cesarean section with EXIT was performed because of clinical chorioamnionitis at 35 weeks of gestation. Tracheostomy was attempted for 16 min during EXIT and was completed 4 min after delivery. Despite this, the neonate died 12 h after delivery from severe respiratory failure and a tension pneumothorax caused by a hypoplastic lung. There is controversy surrounding the non-lethality of all isolated AOC cases and the non-contraindication of EXIT procedures. Our case was estimated as the milder variant, and the EXIT procedure was indicated; however, the neonate died of the hypoplastic lung. The evaluation methods of lung maturation are inconsistent, and the indication of the invasive EXIT procedure must be carefully considered.
The effect of intrapartum prolonged oxygen exposure on fetal metabolic status: secondary analysis from a randomized controlled trial; Objective: The aim of the study is to assess the effect of maternal prolonged oxygen exposure during labor on fetal acid–base status, fetal heart rate tracings, and umbilical cord arterial metabolites. Design: The study was conducted as a secondary analysis. Setting(s): The study was set in three tertiary teaching hospitals in Beijing, China. Participants: Approximately 140 women in the latent phase of labor with no complications participated in the study. Intervention: Participants were randomly allocated in a 1:1 ratio to receive either 10 L of oxygen per minute in a tight-fitting simple facemask until delivery or room air only. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was the umbilical cord arterial lactate. Results: Baseline demographics and labor outcomes were similar between the oxygen and room air groups; the time from randomization to delivery was 322 ± 147 min. There were no differences between the two groups in the umbilical cord arterial lactate (mean difference 0.3 mmol/L, 95% confidence interval −0.2 to 0.9), the number of participants with high-risk category II fetal heart rate tracings (relative risk 0.94, 95% confidence interval 0.68 to 1.32), or the duration of those high-risk tracings (mean difference 3.6 min, 95% confidence interval −9.3 to 16.4). Prolonged oxygen exposure significantly altered 91 umbilical cord arterial metabolites, and these alterations did not appear to be related to oxidative stress. Conclusion: Maternal prolonged oxygen exposure during labor did not affect either the umbilical cord arterial lactate or high-risk category II fetal heart rate tracings but might result in alterations to the umbilical cord arterial metabolic profile. Clinical trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov, identifier NCT03764696.
Perinatal and neonatal characteristics of Prader–Willi syndrome in Japan; Background: Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS) is suspected at birth if extreme hypotonia, difficulty in feeding, hypogonadism, and failure to thrive are present. Genetic diagnosis of PWS can generally be made within the first few months of life; however, a delayed diagnosis of PWS is frequently reported. Although the clinical characteristics of perinatal and neonatal patients with PWS have been reported, there are no such reports on the clinical characteristics of these patients in Japan. Methods: This retrospective, single-center study involved 177 Japanese patients with PWS and their medical data regarding the perinatal and neonatal periods were evaluated. Results: The median maternal age at birth was 34 years; 12.7% of the mothers had a history of assisted reproductive technology (ART). Of the mothers, 13.5% reported polyhydramnios and 4.3% had oligohydramnios. Decreased fetal movement during pregnancy was reported by 76% of the mothers. A total of 60.5% of patients were born by cesarean section. Genetic subtypes included deletions (66.1%), uniparental disomy (31.0%), imprinting defects (0.6%), and other or unknown subtypes (2.3%). The median birth length was 47.5 cm and the median birthweight was 2476 g. Of the 160 patients, 14 (8.8%) were classified as small for gestational age. Most patients had hypotonia (98.8%), and 89.3% required gavage feeding at birth. Breathing problems, congenital heart disease, and undescended testis were noted in 33.1%, 7.0%, and 93.5% of patients, respectively. Conclusion: In our study, higher rates of ART, polyhydramnios, decreased fetal movements, cesarean section, hypotonia, feeding difficulties, and undescended testis were observed in PWS.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Do we need new diagnostic and therapeutic strategies?; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death worldwide affecting both sexes equally. However, in comparison to men, in women, it often is underrecognized and undertreated in both primary and secondary prevention settings. It is clear, that in the healthy population, there are profound differences both anatomically and biochemically between women and men, and this may impact how both groups present when they become ill. Moreover, some diseases affect more frequently women than men such as myocardial ischemia or infarction without obstructive coronary disease, Takotsubo syndrome, some atrial arrhythmias, or heart failure with preserved ejection fraction. Therefore, diagnostic and therapeutic strategies that have been established largely on the basis of clinical studies with a predominantly male population must be adapted before being applied to women. There is a paucity of data regarding cardiovascular disease in women. It is inadequate to only perform a subgroup analysis evaluating a specific treatment or invasive technique when women constitute fifty percent of the population. In this regard, this may affect the time of clinical diagnosis and severity assessments of some valvulopathies. In this review, we will focus on the differences in the diagnosis, management, and outcomes for women with the most frequent cardiovascular pathologies including coronary artery disease, arrhythmia, heart failure, and valvopathies. In addition, we will describe diseases that exclusively affect women that are related to pregnancy, and some of them are life-threatening. Although the lack of research on women plays a role in the poorer outcomes in women, especially in ischemic heart disease, some techniques such as transcatheter aortic valve implantation and transcatheter edge-to-edge therapy seem to have better outcomes in women.
Case report: Expanding the phenotype of FOXP1-related intellectual disability syndrome and hyperkinetic movement disorder in differential diagnosis with epileptic seizures; Objective: We aimed to report on previously unappreciated clinical features associated with FOXP1-related intellectual disability (ID) syndrome, a rare neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by global developmental delay, intellectual disability, and language delay, with or without autistic features. Methods: We performed whole-exome sequencing (WES) to molecularly characterize an individual presenting with ID, epilepsy, autism spectrum disorder, behavioral problems, and facial dysmorphisms as major features. Results: WES allowed us to identify a previously unreported de novo splice site variant, c.1429-1G>T (NM_032682.6), in the FOXP1 gene (OMIM*605515) as the causative event underlying the phenotype. Clinical reassessment of the patient and revision of the literature allowed us to refine the phenotype associated with FOXP1 haploinsufficiency, including hyperkinetic movement disorder and flat angiomas as associated features. Interestingly, the patient also has an asymmetric face and choanal atresia and a novel de novo variant of the CHD7 gene. Conclusion: We suggest that FOXP1-related ID syndrome may also predispose to the development of hyperkinetic movement disorders and flat angiomas. These features could therefore require specific management of this condition.
A Prospective Observational Study of Lower Genital Tract Injuries in Multipara during Vaginal Deliveries in a Tertiary Institution; Background: This study was conducted to assess the incidence of maternal lower genital tract injuries, study the various types of maternal lower genital tract injuries during vaginal delivery and to assess complications and morbidity due to lower genital tract injuries. Methods: This was a hospital-based prospective observational study conducted among 100 female patients admitted to the labour room for vaginal delivery in the Government General Hospital Kakinada, from December 2019 to October 2021 after obtaining clearance from the institutional ethics committee and written informed consent from the study participants. Results: Majority of genital tract injuries occurred in the second gravida of about 69%, 1% of cases belong to the fifth gravida. 76% of cases are booked and 24% are unbooked. Among the women with co-morbidities, the frequency of genital tract injuries in preeclampsia was 10%. The frequency of genital tract injuries in GDM was 2%. The maximum number of genital tract injuries occurred in women with a normal duration of labour (78%). 62% of cases have a birth weight of 3.6-4 kg. 6% of cases have a birth weight of 2.5-3 kg. 60% of cases of genital tract injuries occurred during spontaneous delivery. 40% of cases of genital tract injuries occurred during outlet forceps delivery. 44% of cases were 2nd degree perineal tears. 2% of cases were cervical lacerations. Conclusion: Skilled birth attendants in labour, vigilant labour monitoring, identifying risk factors such as perineal injuries in previous deliveries, a big baby, a timely episiotomy, a proper Ritgen’s manoeuvre, timely and adequate suturing, the allocation of medical personnel depending on risk factors, the provision of emergency obstetric care services that are accessible and affordable, and perineal care in the postnatal period help a lot in reducing the rate of genital tract injuries and complications.
The role of microRNAs in pathophysiology and diagnostics of metabolic complications in obstructive sleep apnea patients; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is one of the most common sleep disorders, which is characterized by recurrent apneas and/or hypopneas occurring during sleep due to upper airway obstruction. Among a variety of health consequences, OSA patients are particularly susceptible to developing metabolic complications, such as metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus type 2. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) as epigenetic modulators are promising particles in both understanding the pathophysiology of OSA and the prediction of OSA complications. This review describes the role of miRNAs in the development of OSA-associated metabolic complications. Moreover, it summarizes the usefulness of miRNAs as biomarkers in predicting the aforementioned OSA complications.
Cardiorespiratory fitness in women after severe pre-eclampsia; Aims: To objectively study cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) and physical activity (PA) and to evaluate limiting factors of exercise intolerance associated with poor CRF after severe pre-eclampsia. Methods: In this single-centre, cross-sectional study, CRF was measured as peak oxygen uptake (VO2peak) during a cardiopulmonary exercise test (CPET) on a treadmill in women 7 years after severe pre-eclampsia. Ninety-six patients and 65 controls were eligible to participate. Cardiac output (CO) was measured by impedance cardiography. PA was measured using accelerometers. Results: In 62 patients and 35 controls (mean age 40 ± 3 years), the VO2peak (in mL·kg–1·min–1) values were 31.4 ± 7.2 and 39.1 ± 5.4, respectively (p<0.01). In the patients, the COpeak was (9.6 L·min-1), 16% lower compared to controls (p<0.01). Twelve patients (19%) had a cardiac limitation to CPET. Twenty-three (37%) patients and one (3%) control were classed as unfit, with no cardiopulmonary limitations. The patients demonstrated 25% lower PA level (in counts per minute; p<0.01) and 14% more time being sedentary (p<0.01), compared with the controls. Twenty-one patients (34%) compared with four (17%) controls did not meet the World Health Organization’s recommendations for PA (p=0.02). Body mass index and PA level accounted for 65% of the variability in VO2peak. Conclusion: Significantly lower CRF and PA levels were found in patients on long-term follow-up after severe pre-eclampsia. CPET identified cardiovascular limitations in one third of patients. One third appeared unfit, with adiposity and lower PA levels. These findings highlight the need for clinical follow-up and exercise interventions after severe pre-eclampsia.
Postpartum ovarian vein thrombosis after cesarean section and vaginal delivery: Two case reports; BACKGROUND Postpartum ovarian vein thrombosis (POVT) is a rare puerperal complication. It is easily missed or misdiagnosed due to its insidious onset and lack of specific clinical symptoms and signs. This paper reports two patients who developed right ovarian vein thrombosis after cesarean section and vaginal delivery, respectively. CASE SUMMARY Case 1 was a 32-year-old female who underwent a cesarean section in labor at 40 wk of gestation due to fetal distress. The patient was persistently febrile after the operation and escalated antibiotic treatment was ineffective. POVT was diagnosed by abdominal computed tomography (CT) and was treated by increasing the dose of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH). Case 2 was a 21-year-old female with a spontaneous vaginal delivery at 39 wk of gestation. The patient developed fever and abdominal pain 3 days after delivery. POVT was promptly identified by abdominal CT, and the condition was quickly controlled after treatment with LMWH and antibiotics. CONCLUSION These two cases occurred after cesarean section and vaginal delivery, respectively. The diagnosis was mainly based on imaging examination due to the unspecific clinical symptoms and signs, the CT scan provided an especially high diagnostic value. Comparing these two cases, escalating antibiotics alone did not provide significant therapeutic benefit, but the early escalation of anticoagulant dosage seemed to shorten the disease course. Therefore, early diagnosis by CT followed by aggressive anticoagulation might have a positive effect on improving the prognosis of the disease.
Implication of DNA methylation during lifestyle mediated weight loss; Over the past 50 years, the number of overweight/obese people increased significantly, making obesity a global public health challenge. Apart from rare monogenic forms, obesity is a multifactorial disease, most likely resulting from a concerted interaction of genetic, epigenetic and environmental factors. Although recent studies opened new avenues in elucidating the complex genetics behind obesity, the biological mechanisms contributing to individual’s risk to become obese are not yet fully understood. Non-genetic factors such as eating behaviour or physical activity are strong contributing factors for the onset of obesity. These factors may interact with genetic predispositions most likely via epigenetic mechanisms. Epigenome-wide association studies or methylome-wide association studies are measuring DNA methylation at single CpGs across thousands of genes and capture associations to obesity phenotypes such as BMI. However, they only represent a snapshot in the complex biological network and cannot distinguish between causes and consequences. Intervention studies are therefore a suitable method to control for confounding factors and to avoid possible sources of bias. In particular, intervention studies documenting changes in obesity-associated epigenetic markers during lifestyle driven weight loss, make an important contribution to a better understanding of epigenetic reprogramming in obesity. To investigate the impact of lifestyle in obesity state specific DNA methylation, especially concerning the development of new strategies for prevention and individual therapy, we reviewed 19 most recent human intervention studies. In summary, this review highlights the huge potential of targeted interventions to alter disease-associated epigenetic patterns. However, there is an urgent need for further robust and larger studies to identify the specific DNA methylation biomarkers which influence obesity.
The Nutritional Needs of Mothers and Babies: A Review; The aim is to assess the importance of measuring healthy habits by pregnant women, that enhance different factors of mother and fetus health. We evaluate the change and variations in dietary recommendations. A female went through a lot of physical and mental changes in different stages of pregnancy and there are some common symptoms such as vomiting, fatigue, nausea, frequent urination, dizziness, etc. Certain hormonal changes are there to balance the body’s fatigue, tiredness, and hormones, few dietary recommendations are mentioned and it has been concluded that diet plays an important role during pregnancy, and meeting all the nutrition needs is an essential factor in planning the diet. Many diseases/deficiencies are there such as goiter, iodine deficiency, folate deficiency, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational weight gain, Neural tube defects, and much more. A detailed view is mentioned below in the following paper: On average, pregnancy lasts 40 to 42 weeks (Nine months). On average, weight gain for a pregnant woman is 12 to 14 kg, thus weight gain can lower the risk of complications during labor and also lower the risk of LBW (low birth weight). Low GWG increases the risk of having an LBW infant. The average weight of the baby should be 2.5-3 kg. A baby having this much body weight should be considered a healthy infant. We provide up-to-date advice for achieving optimal nutrition before conception, throughout breastfeeding, in the first two years of life, and for preschoolers, with an eye on long-term health benefits. These guidelines are intended to aid in the primary prevention of obesity and the non-communicable diseases it is linked to among economically privileged groups, such as European women and children. Medical professionals should be incentivized and educated to promote and advise patients on preconception nutrition, which includes enhancing adolescent nutrition and health. Women who are physically active, eat healthily, don’t smoke, don’t drink excessively, and have a good body mass index (BMI) have a higher chance of having a safe pregnancy. Women of childbearing age should have their consumption and status of specific micronutrients closely monitored, especially folate. Women at risk for insufficient dietary intake of certain micronutrients may benefit from taking dietary supplements containing iron, vitamin D, vitamin B12, iodine, and maybe others. Smoke and alcohol should be strictly eliminated from the diet. Yes, diet plays an important role during pregnancy but staying physically active is equally important for the mother and the baby to promote general health and well-being. Exercise and stretching can reduce the risk of excessive maternal weight gain or gestational weight gain(Obesity). A long walk can greatly help a pregnant woman after lunch or in the morning.
Prediction and prevention of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes: the role of home blood pressure, physical activity, and aspirin; Women with type 1 or type 2 (preexisting) diabetes are four times more likely to develop preeclampsia compared with women without diabetes. Preeclampsia affects 9%–20% of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and 7%–14% of pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. The aim of this narrative review is to investigate the role of blood pressure (BP) monitoring, physical activity, and prophylactic aspirin to reduce the prevalence of preeclampsia and to improve pregnancy outcome in women with preexisting diabetes. Home BP and office BP in early pregnancy are positively associated with development of preeclampsia, and home BP and office BP are comparable for the prediction of preeclampsia in women with preexisting diabetes. However, home BP is lower than office BP, and the difference is greater with increasing office BP. Daily physical activity is recommended during pregnancy, and limiting sedentary behavior may be beneficial to prevent preeclampsia. White coat hypertension in early pregnancy is not a clinically benign condition but is associated with an elevated risk of developing preeclampsia. This renders the current strategy of leaving white coat hypertension untreated debatable. A beneficial preventive effect of initiating low-dose aspirin (150 mg/day) for all in early pregnancy has not been demonstrated in women with preexisting diabetes.
Low-dose esketamine with sufentanil for postcesarean analgesia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective, randomized, double-blind study; Background: Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) require more analgesics after cesarean delivery than those who do not have GDM. Uncontrolled pain following cesarean delivery is a major problem in women with GDM. We investigate the efficacy of low-dose esketamine combined with sufentanil intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (PCA)for postcesarean analgesia in women with GDM. Methods: One hundred forty pregnant women with GDM were enrolled participate in this randomized controlled trial and were randomized into two groups (70 in each group). The esketamine (S) group was given esketamine +sufentanil + ondansetron, and the control (C) group was given sufentanil +ondansetron. The primary outcome is sufentanil consumption at 24 hours postoperatively, the secondary outcomes are sufentanil consumption at 6 hours postoperatively, pain scores at 6, 24 and 48 hours postoperatively. Results: Compared with group C, group S had significantly lower sufentanil consumption at 6 and 24 hours postoperatively (P= 0.049 and P<0.001), significantly lower activities VAS(pain during activities)scores at 6 hours postoperatively, rest and activities VAS (pain at rest and pain during activities)scores at 24 hours postoperatively, and activities VAS scores at 48 hours postoperatively(P=0.022, P =0.002, P=0.001 and P=0.007). Compared to group C, the time to bowel function return was significantly shorter in group S. There was no significant difference in rest VAS (pain at rest) scores at 6 and 48 hours postoperatively (P>0.05). The time to first lactation was not significantly different between the two groups (P>0.05). There was no significant difference in neonatal neurobehavioral scores between the two groups (P>0.05). Conclusion: Compared to sufentanil PCA, adding low dose of esketamine significantly reduced the consumption of sufentanil while providing equally effective post cesarean analgesia in the patients with gestational diabetes.
Effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions for individuals with diabetes: A systematic review and intervention component analysis; Introduction: Tobacco smoking poses a significant threat to the health of individuals living with diabetes. Intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions, such as multiple or long (>20 minutes) behavioral support sessions focused solely on smoking cessation, with or without the use of pharmacotherapy, increase abstinence when compared to brief advice or usual care in the general population. However, there is limited evidence so far for recommending the use of such interventions amongst individuals with diabetes. This study aimed to assess the effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions for individuals living with diabetes and to identify their critical features. Methods: A systematic review design with the addition of a pragmatic intervention component analysis using narrative methods was adopted. The key terms 'diabetes mellitus' and 'smoking cessation' and their synonyms were searched in 15 databases in May 2022. Randomized controlled trials which assessed the effectiveness of intensive stand-alone smoking cessation interventions by comparing them to controls, specifically amongst individuals with diabetes, were included. Results: A total of 15 articles met the inclusion criteria. Generally, the identified studies reported on the delivery of a multi-component behavioral support smoking cessation intervention for individuals with type I and type II diabetes, providing biochemically verified smoking abstinence rates at follow-up at six months. The overall risk-of-bias of most studies was judged to be of some concern. Despite observing inconsistent findings across the identified studies, interventions consisting of three to four sessions, lasting more than 20 min each, were found to be more likely to be associated with smoking cessation success. The additional use of visual aids depicting diabetes-related complications may also be useful. Conclusions: This review provides evidence-based smoking cessation recommendations for use by individuals with diabetes. Nonetheless, given that the findings of some studies were found to be possibly at risk-of-bias, further research to establish the validity of the provided recommendations is suggested.
Determinants of Adverse Birth Outcomes in Public Hospitals of the Somali Region, Eastern Ethiopia: A Multicenter Unmatched Case-Control Study; Background: Pregnancy outcomes that differ from normal live births are known as adverse pregnancy outcomes. Adverse pregnancy outcomes also have significant effects on the infant’s family and society. There is limited data on adverse outcomes in eastern Ethiopia, particularly in the Somali region. Objectives: This study aimed to assess the determinants of adverse birth outcomes in the Somali Region Hospitals. Design: A hospital-based unmatched case-control study was conducted to conduct this study. Methods: A hospital-based unmatched case-control study was conducted between June and July 2021 in pregnant women who attended public hospitals in the Somali region. A total of 327 (109 cases and 218 controls) participants were included in this study. Women who gave birth with at least 1 adverse birth outcome were considered cases, and those who gave birth with normal birth outcomes were considered controls. Cases were recruited consecutively, and controls were selected using systematic sampling methods. Data was gathered using interviews, record reviews, using the pretested standard tools. The data were entered into EpiData version 3.1 and analyzed with SPSS version 22. Multivariable regression analysis with an adjusted odds ratio and a 95% confidence interval was used to identify the factors associated with adverse birth outcomes. Finally, P-values less than.05 were used to identify significantly associated predictors. Results: In the current study, rural residency [AOR = 2.80; 95%CI:(1.61-4.87)] lack of ANC follow-up [AOR = 3.27; 95%CI: (1.77-6.02)], pregnancy-induced hypertension [AOR = 3.28; 95%CI: (1.74-6.17)] being anemic mothers [AOR = 3.51; 95%CI: (2.02-6.07)] and khat chewing [AOR = 4.54; 95%CI: (2.12-9.70)] were identified as determinants of adverse birth outcome. Conclusions: In the current study, rural residency, lack of ANC, being anemic in indexed pregnancies, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and khat chewing were determinants of adverse birth outcomes. Therefore, efforts should be made to enhance ANC follow-up, iron and folic acid supplementation, early treatments of pregnancy-induced hypertension, and information on the risk of chewing khat.
Identifying Candidate Reference Chemicals for In Vitro Testing of the Retinoid Pathway for Predictive Developmental Toxicity; Evaluating chemicals for potential in vivo toxicity based on their in vitro bioactivity profile is an important step toward animal-free testing. A compendium of reference chemicals and data describing their bioactivity on specific molecular targets, cellular pathways, and biological processes is needed to bolster confidence in the predictive value of in vitro hazard detection. Endogenous signaling by all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) is an important pathway in developmental processes and toxicities. Employing data extraction methods and advanced literature extraction tools, we assembled a set of candidate reference chemicals with demonstrated activity on ten protein family targets in the retinoid system. The compendium was culled from Protein Data Bank, ChEMBL, ToxCast/Tox21, and the biomedical literature in PubMed. Finally, we performed a case study on one chemical in our collection, citral, an inhibitor of endogenous ATRA production, to determine whether the literature supports an adverse outcome pathway explaining the compound’s developmental toxicity initiated by disruption of the retinoid pathway. We also deliver an updated Abstract Sifter tool populated with these reference compounds and complex search terms designed to query the literature for the downstream consequences to support concordance with targeted retinoid pathway disruption.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Implications across the Life Span; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has historically been perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy that also serves as a harbinger of maternal risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in the future. In recent decades, a growing body of evidence has detailed additional lifelong implications that extend beyond T2DM, including an elevated risk of ultimately developing cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, the risk factors that mediate this lifetime cardiovascular risk are evident not only after delivery but are present even before the pregnancy in which GDM is first diagnosed. The concept thus emerging from these data is that the diagnosis of GDM enables the identification of women who are already on an enhanced track of cardiometabolic risk that starts early in life. Studies of the offspring of pregnancies complicated by diabetes now suggest that the earliest underpinnings of this cardiometabolic risk profile may be determined in utero and may first manifest clinically in childhood. Accordingly, from this perspective, GDM is now seen as a chronic metabolic disorder that holds implications across the life span of both mother and child.
A neonatal case of vascular ring with Alagille syndrome; A female infant, born at 37 week 5 days to a mother via induced vaginal delivery for preeclampsia, was prenatally diagnosed with a right aortic arch with vascular ring. On the third day of life, the infant exhibited a bronze-gray coloration, and a direct bilirubin of 1.7 mg/dL was detected. The abdominal ultrasound did not visualize the gallbladder. Clinically, the infant displayed features consistent with Alagille syndrome, including unusual facial appearance, butterfly vertebrae, cardiovascular defects, and cholestasis. The geneticist noted that the mother of the patient also exhibited similar features. Both the infant and the mother were diagnosed with Alagille syndrome, both having the same heterozygous JAG1 gene (NM_000214.2) variant (c.1890_1893del, p.Ile630Metfs*112). We believe that the vascular ring observed in our patient is the first reported instance of a vascular ring associated with Alagille syndrome.
Genetics of diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is a complicated disease characterized by a complex interplay of genetic, epigenetic, and environmental variables. It is one of the world's fastest-growing diseases, with 783 million adults expected to be affected by 2045. Devastating macrovascular consequences (cerebrovascular disease, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral vascular disease) and microvascular complications (like retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) increase mortality, blindness, kidney failure, and overall quality of life in individuals with diabetes. Clinical risk factors and glycemic management alone cannot predict the development of vascular problems; multiple genetic investigations have revealed a clear hereditary component to both diabetes and its related complications. In the twenty-first century, technological advancements (genome-wide association studies, next-generation sequencing, and exome-sequencing) have led to the identification of genetic variants associated with diabetes, however, these variants can only explain a small proportion of the total heritability of the condition. In this review, we address some of the likely explanations for this "missing heritability", for diabetes such as the significance of uncommon variants, gene-environment interactions, and epigenetics. Current discoveries clinical value, management of diabetes, and future research directions are also discussed.
Dumping syndrome after bariatric surgery in a pregnant woman: A case report; Dumping syndrome after bariatric surgery is common. However, it is rarely seen during pregnancy because patients are usually advised to avoid pregnancy immediately after surgery. This case highlights the importance of avoidance of pregnancy after bariatric surgery. We report a case of unplanned pregnancy in a 35-year-old woman with a history of subfertility for 8 years who conceived spontaneously 3 months after gastric bypass surgery. This occurred because there was no contraception offered to her after the procedure. The pregnancy was complicated with recurrent episodes of hypoglycaemia secondary to dumping syndrome. Primary care providers need to be vigilant and have a high index of suspicion for dumping syndrome in pregnant obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery.
Effect of Endometriosis on Obstetric Outcomes: A Tertiary Center Experience; Objective: The aim of this study is to compare the course of pregnancy in women with and without endometriosis for obstetric complications. Material and Methods: Patients applied to İstanbul University-Cerrahpasa were included in the case group, 49 patients in the control group, and evaluated retrospectively. Early and late pregnancy complications were recorded. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: A decrease in the rate of spontaneous pregnancy and a significant increase in the IVF rate were observed in the endometriosis group (p<0.05). Gestational hypertension, placental abruption, placental adhesion anomalies, premature rupture of membranes, fetal growth restriction, threat of preterm birth and oligohydramnios there was no significant difference between the two groups (p>0.05). The rate of cesarean delivery was 55.1% in the control group and 61.0% in the endometriosis group (p>0.05). Postpartum uterine atony, bladder injury during cesarean section and requirement of postpartum blood transfusion seen in 6 (6.7%), 2(1.1%), and 1 (11.1%) patients respectively (p<0.05). Neonatal intensive care unit requirement was 39.0% and 24.4% in case and control group (p>0.05). Conclusion: Women with endometriosis are at higher risk for complications during pregnancy. The rates of miscarriage in the early gestational weeks, preeclampsia, placenta previa, gestational diabetes mellitus in the second and third trimesters, postpartum uterine atony, blood transfusion requirement, and surgical complications during cesarean section are higher in women with endometriosis.
Pregnancy Outcome in HIV-Positive Pregnant Women at Tertiary Care Center; Introduction: The Human Immunodeficiency Virus remains a major public health issue in developing countries and it has great impact on pregnant mothers and birth outcomes. Thus, it is very important to identify, estimate CD4 count and treat all pregnant women with HIV infection to reduce mother to child transmission, morbidity and mortality. Aims and Objectives: To study pregnancy outcomes, prevalence of co-infections and ART practices in HIV positive pregnant women at tertiary care centre. Material and Methods: The study was a prospective observational study conducted in Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Government Medical College and Rajendra Hospital, Patiala for a period of one and a half years. All the pregnant females presenting with HIV positive status or diagnosed as HIV positive in our Gynaecology Department for were taken up for study. All women were followed till delivery for development of any complications. Maternal and fetal outcome was noted. The data was collected and analysed statistically. Result: During the study period70 subjects with HIV positive status were enrolled for study. Complications in pregnant women including anemia (p-value-0.0001), preterm labour (p-value-0.044) and gestational diabetes mellitus (p-value-0.0338) were significantly more in the study group as compared to the control group. Neonatal outcomes in HIV positive mothers included fetal growth retardation (p-value-0.00036), low birth weight (p-value-0.0012) and NICU admissions (p-value-0.00036). Major risk factor for mother was positive status of the husband (82.8%). Other risk factors included the previous history of unsterile nasal or ear piercing (11.4%), IM/IV injections from RMP in village (14.3%) and blood transfusion (17.1%). Coinfections like HCV (p-value-0.0062) and Candidiasis (p-value-0.0026) were prevalent in the study group as compared to controls. Conclusion: The accumulated data shows a positive correlation between HIV infection and anemia, preterm labour, GDM, LBW, NICU admissions and coinfections like HCV and candidiasis as compared to controls. It was observed that with increasing awareness, pregnant females had started ART pre-pregnancy and in 1st trimester. In our study, ART was taken for more than 24 weeks by majority of the subjects, which is in accordance with NACO guidelines for the prevention of MTCT.
Evaluation of the Drug Utilization Pattern among Pregnant Women in a Tertiary Care Teaching Hospital; A retrospective study was conducted in a tertiary care teaching hospital to evaluate the drug utilization pattern in pregnant women. A total of 876 pregnant women were enrolled in the study. Parameters such as demography, gravidity, comorbid illness, neonatal outcome, drugs prescribed and their utilization details were collected. The mean age of the study population was found to be 29.4±4.4 y (mean±standard deviation). Majority of them underwent caesarean section (68.2 %) compared to normal vaginal delivery (31.8 %). Most of the neonates were healthy (94.3 %) whereas 0.8 % of the neonates expired during the postnatal period. Diabetes mellitus (33.6 %) was the most common comorbidity, followed by hypertension (28.3 %) and thyroid disorders (18.3 %). Folic acid (15.7 %) and calcium (15.2 %) were the most prescribed drugs, followed by ferrous fumarate (7.1 %), vitamin B12 (5.3 %) and vitamin B6 (3.4 %). In terms of defined daily dose/100 bed d, levothyroxine (369.3) was the most frequently utilized drug, followed by digoxin (53.6), dydrogesterone (27.4) and salbutamol (20.5). Estradiol was only the food and drug administration pregnancy category X drug prescribed, as estradiol supplement as this was required to improve pregnancy rates after in vitro fertilization.
A case of an obese, infertile Japanese woman with type 2 diabetes mellitus achieving a favorable and safe pregnancy outcome after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy; BackgroundObesity is widely known to be a major factor associated with infertility, and weight loss is often recommended to improve fertility in women of reproductive age. One treatment for morbid obesity is metabolic surgery. In obese women with infertility, metabolic surgery has been found to affect pregnancy outcomes. Furthermore, in Japan, infertility treatment has been covered by public insurance since 2022, and obesity with infertility is expected to become an increasingly important social issue. However, there are only a few reports of pregnancy and delivery after surgical weight loss in Japan. Case presentationA 29-year-old woman with a history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovary syndrome was referred to our hospital with morbid obesity and infertility. The patient had undergone infertility treatments for two years but had not been able to become pregnant. At the first visit, her weight was 105.5 kg, and her body mass index was 39.0 kg/m2. When six months of medical therapy failed to achieve sufficient weight loss, the patient was referred to our department for surgical intervention. A preoperative weight loss program was performed for two weeks in the hospital, and then laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy was performed. Thirteen months after the operation, her weight had decreased to 76.0 kg, with a body mass index of 28.1 kg/m2. No anti-diabetic agents were administered after the surgery, and there were no episodes of hyperglycemia. Infertility treatment was continued after the operation, and the patient became pregnant in the first cycle of in vitro fertilization at 12 months after the operation. The entire pregnancy course was uneventful, and a newborn of 3373 g was delivered by vaginal delivery at 40 weeks and 1 day of gestation, which was 20 months after the operation. There were no pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or maternal anemia. ConclusionsWe encountered a case in which weight loss was obtained promptly after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy, leading to a successful pregnancy and delivery. With proper multidisciplinary management, it is possible to become pregnant and deliver safely after surgical weight loss.
Evaluation of an association between maternal prenatal psychological stress and insulin resistance during pregnancy and postpartum; Objectives: Various physiological mechanisms counteract insulin resistance (IR) during normal pregnancy. Psychological stress is a known, independent risk factor for developing IR. Pregnancy-specific psychological stress may cause IR and increase the risk of overt diabetes. Hence, the study aims to evaluate maternal psychological stress using multiple stress markers and their association with changes in IR during pregnancy and postpartum. Materials and Methods: Anthropometric measurements such as height, weight and skinfold thickness were measured using standard techniques. The stress markers were assessed using perceived stress scales (K10 questionnaire), a physiological marker of stress (Heart rate variability [HRV] measures) and biochemical stress markers (Saliva, hair cortisol levels). IR was estimated using homeostasis model assessment-estimated IR (HOMA-IR). The association of stress markers with IR was studied among fifty healthy pregnant women during pregnancy and postpartum. Results: The psychological stress scores and saliva cortisol were significantly higher during pregnancy than postpartum (P = 0.000). A comparison of cardiac autonomic function as assessed by HRV measures shows that high frequency in normalised units (HFnu) was significantly higher during the postnatal period than in the prenatal period (P = 0.000). High frequency (HF) spectral power in absolute units was also significantly higher (P = 0.002) in the postpartum period (2612.30 ± 432.24) when compared with the prenatal period (1446.10 ± 299.15). Low frequency in normalised units (LFnu), low frequency (LF)/HF ratio was significantly higher during the prenatal period than in the postnatal period (P = 0.000). As assessed by HOMA-IR values, IR was significantly higher during the prenatal period than postpartum (P = 0.04). There was a significant positive correlation between prenatal psychological stress scores, HRV parameters (LFnu, LF/HF) and postnatal IR. Conclusion: Pregnancy is associated with higher psychological stress levels and IR than postpartum. Furthermore, the maternal cardiac autonomic marker could predict postnatal IR among healthy pregnant women.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in Infancy; Objective: To report comprehensively the clinical features and the management strategies of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infancy. Methods: Comprehensively retrieved studies published from 2000 to present constituted the study materials for this article. Results: Signs of myocardial ischaemia and cardiomegaly are the predominate manifestations of this lesion. The spectrum of the aetiology and management of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infancy have been updated in the past several decades. Long-term small-dose digoxin combined with prednisone, supplemented by the angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor capto-pril, is an accepted therapy for endocardial fibroelastosis in infancy. The treatment with recombinant human a-glucosidase enzyme replacement therapy can reverse the electrocardiographic changes of infantile Pompe 's disease. Conclusion: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers is usually benign and transient, and the treatment is not needed unless heart failure occurs. Differential diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy from congenital heart defects is important for subsequent management.
Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women after Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional, Single Center Study; Objective: The aim of this study was to assess cardiometabolic risk factors and cardiovascular (CV) risk in the early period after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: Traditional (blood pressure, cholesterol and glucose levels, body mass index, smoking and other) and non-traditional [intima-media thickness (IMT), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), oxidized low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and homocysteine levels] cardiovascular risk factors were assessed in early (6-12 weeks) postpartum period in 48 women after pregnancy complicated with GDM and in 12 women after uncomplicated pregnancy. The clustering of CV risk factors was assessed, as well as relative cardiovascular risk (according to the guidelines of European Society of Cardiology). Results: There were no significant differences between both groups with regard to the examined risk factors, with the exception of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol level, which was within the norm range in all patients after uncomplicated pregnancy, but only in less than 60% patients after GDM. There were also no difference between the groups in mean number of cardiovascular risk factors or in proportion of patients having 1 or 2, or 3, or ≥ 4 risk factor. Similarly, there was no differences in proportion of patients with different relative cardiovascular risk score. Prevalence of IFG, IGT and DM in the post-GDM group was 13.3%. Conclusions: In women with GDM in the early postpartum period the prevalence of CV risk factors and CV risk itself is similar to women after non-complicated pregnancy (the only exception was the low HDL cholesterol level and more prevalent carbohydrate metabolism disturbances in the former group).
Case report: lipoprotein apheresis reduces the risk of cardiovascular events and prolongs pregnancy in a woman with severely elevated lipoprotein(a), cardiovascular disease, and a high risk of preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia is a common and serious pregnancy-induced disease, with potential severe maternal and fetal complications. Recently, an increased lipoprotein (a) (Lp[a]) concentration, an important factor in cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) pathogenesis, has been identified as a sensitive and specific marker of preeclampsia severity. Although lipoprotein apheresis (LA) is currently used in patients with hyperlipoproteinemia(a) and CVD, real-life data on its efficacy among pregnant women with an increased risk of preeclampsia are limited. Case presentation: We present the case of a pregnant woman with severely elevated Lp(a), two previous episodes of the acute coronary syndrome and multivessel coronary disease treated with long-term LA before pregnancy, and a high risk of preeclampsia (as assessed using combined test screening). An increased pulsatility index and early diastolic notch were observed on Doppler interrogation at 18 weeks’ gestation. Biweekly LA therapy was re-initiated at 21 weeks’ gestation. The LA safely removed 70% of the serum Lp(a) concentration and reduced low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) levels by 60%. We also observed an improvement in her urine protein/creatinine ratio, a reduction in the pulsatility index, and a notch on Doppler interrogation. The pregnancy lasted until week 36, when severe preeclampsia prompted an emergency cesarean delivery. Conclusion: Pregnancy in women with elevated Lp(a), CVD, and a high risk of preeclampsia can present challenges in clinical management. Our case report indicates the benefits of LA in preventing atherosclerotic CVD progression during pregnancy, its potential influence on uteroplacental circulation, and prolongation of pregnancy for the best possible intrauterine fetus development. LA may be considered as a treatment option during pregnancy in such conditions. In addition, in pregnant women with CVD, we suggest screening using a combined test and measurement of Lp(a) as a marker of preeclampsia severity.
Association of lupus anticoagulants with risk factors for obstetric complications and adverse gestational outcome; BACKGROUND: Lupus anticoagulant (LA) may be a cause of poor obstetric outcome. OBJECTIVE: To search the association of LA with risk factors for obstetric complications and adverse gestational outcome. METHODS: This retrospective cohort was consisted of 2 groups of pregnancies with poor obstetric history; 1) LA (+) gestations (Study Group, n= 20) and 2) LA (-) gestations (Control Group, 78). All patients were admitted to a special antenatal care program and were examined in terms of risk factors for thrombotic events, placenta-related obstetric complications, and poor gestational outcomes. Patients were administered low-dose low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), low-dose salicylic acid and low-dose corticosteroid (if necessary) within the framework of a prophylaxis protocol in addition to their already existing medications. RESULTS: We have shown that adverse gestational outcome was 1.7-fold more frequent in LA (+) pregnancies with poor obstetric history (p= 0.039, 70% vs. 41%). Higher rates of autoimmune diseases and hereditary thrombophilia were observed among LA (+) patients compared to LA (-) gestations (35% vs. 10.3%, p< 0.012 and 55% vs. 19.2%, p< 0.003, respectively). To identify the effectiveness of low-dose LMWH prophylaxis protocol, we compared gestational outcomes and demonstrated that the miscarriage rate was significantly decreased to half in current pregnancies compared to the previous gestations (73.6% vs. 35%, p= 0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Autoimmune diseases and hereditary thrombophilia are more frequent in LA (+) pregnancies, and these women are prone to obstetric problems. Low-dose LMWH and salicylic acid prophylaxis are critical in the management of LA (+) pregnant women.
Genetic polymorphism of the Dab2 gene and its association with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus in the Chinese Uyghur population; Objective. The human Disabled-2 (Dab2) protein is an endocytic adaptor protein, which plays an essential role in endocytosis of transmembrane cargo, including low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). As a candidate gene for dyslipidemia, Dab2 is also involved in the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus(T2DM). The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of genetic variants of the Dab2 gene on the related risk of T2DM in the Uygur and Han populations of Xinjiang, China. Methods. A total of 2,157 age- and sex-matched individuals (528 T2DM patients and 1,629 controls) were included in this case-control study. Four high frequency SNPs (rs1050903, rs2255280, rs2855512 and rs11959928) of the Dab2 gene were genotyped using an improved multiplex ligation detection reaction (iMLDR) genotyping assay, and the forecast value of the SNP for T2DM was assessed by statistical analysis of clinical data profiles and gene frequencies. Results. We found that in the Uygur population studied, for both rs2255280 and rs2855512, there were significant differences in the distribution of genotypes (AA/CA/CC), and the recessive model (CC vs. CA + AA) between T2DM patients and the controls (P < 0.05). After adjusting for confounders, the recessive model (CC vs. CA + AA) of both rs2255280 and rs2855512 remained significantly associated with T2DM in this population (rs2255280: OR = 5.303, 95% CI [1.236 to −22.755], P = 0.025; rs2855512: OR = 4.892, 95% CI [1.136 to −21.013], P = 0.033). The genotypes (AA/CA/CC) and recessive models (CC vs. CA + AA) of rs2855512 and rs2255280 were also associated with the plasma glucose and HbA1c levels (all P < 0.05) in this population. There were no significant differences in genotypes, all genetic models, or allele frequencies between the T2DM and control group in the Han population group (all P > 0.05). Conclusions. The present study suggests that the variation of the Dab2 gene loci rs2255280 and rs2855512 is related to the incidence of T2DM in the Uygur population, but not in the Han population. In this study, these variations in Dab2 were an independent predictor for T2DM in the Uygur population of Xinjiang, China.
A proposed fetal risk scoring system for gestational diabetes to assist in optimising timing of delivery; Background. The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes, which is related to abnormal gluocose tolerance and hyperinsulinaemia, renders standard fetal monitoring models ineffective, insufficient and inappropriate, as these models revolve around detecting and prognosticating on placenta-mediated disease rather than increased metabolic rates due to hyperinsulinaemia, functional hypoxia and ischaemic trophoblastic thresholds. To improve perinatal morbidity and mortality in gestational diabetes, there is therefore a need to introduce new prognostic parameters and scoring systems. Objectives. A proposed risk scoring system has been developed, based on our previous studies, to risk-categorise patients with gestational diabetes in terms of fetal outcome in view of the fact that the pathophysiology of gestational diabetes is not recognised by standard monitoring models, which revolve around placental insufficiency rather than metabolic anomalies. Methods. Patients with diabetes from four case-control studies were combined to form a total sample of 159 cases for validation of the risk scoring system. Univariate logistic regression analysis was used to assess the effect of individual risk factors with proposed cut-offs on adverse pregnancy outcome. The diagnostic accuracy of the total summative score was assessed by computing the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Results. Four potential parameters were identified to risk-categorise fetuses in a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, i.e. the myocardial performance index (MPI), the E/A ratio (early diastolic filling/late diastolic filling, a marker of diastolic dysfunction), increasing fetal weight (macrosomia), and an increased amniotic fluid index. The total score, obtained by summation of the composite scores for these parameters, ranged from 0 to 11. The total score performed as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome, evidenced by an ROC area under the curve of 0.94. A cut-point of 6 on the score confers a sensitivity of 84.2% and specificity of 90.2% for predicting adverse outcome. Conclusion. To our knowledge, this is the first gestational diabetes scoring system proposed to predict an adverse outcome.
Prevalence and Risk Factors of Preterm Labor among Pregnant Women: A Prospective Cohort Study; Background: Preterm labor is a significant public health concern due to its association with adverse neonatal outcomes. Understanding the prevalence and risk factors of preterm labor is essential for targeted interventions and improved maternal and neonatal health. This prospective cohort study aimed to determine the prevalence of preterm labor and identify the associated risk factors among pregnant women. Methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted on a sample of pregnant women attending prenatal clinics in a specific region. Data on maternal characteristics, medical history, lifestyle factors, and obstetric factors were collected through interviews and medical record reviews. Participants were followed up until delivery, and cases of preterm labor were identified. Statistical analysis, including multivariate regression, was performed to assess the association between potential risk factors and preterm labor. Results: Maternal age, previous preterm birth, and multiple pregnancies exhibited strong associations with preterm labor, as indicated by odds ratios of 1.52, 2.86, and 2.09, respectively (all with p-values <0.001). Maternal smoking, low maternal BMI, and socioeconomic disadvantage also showed statistically significant associations. Other risk factors, such as history of infections, maternal hypertension, maternal diabetes, maternal stress, and maternal substance abuse, had weaker or non-significant associations. These findings highlight the significance of these risk factors in predicting preterm labor in the studied cohort. Conclusion: This prospective cohort study provides valuable insights into the prevalence and risk factors of preterm labor among pregnant women. The findings suggest that targeted interventions addressing modifiable risk factors such as maternal age, smoking, and medical conditions may help reduce the incidence of preterm labor. Further research and implementation of preventive strategies are warranted to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with preterm birth.
MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOME IN GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS AT TERTIARY CARE CENTRE; Introduction and background: Diabetes is the most frequent medical consequence of pregnancy. Women with diabetes can be divided into two categories, diabetes before pregnancy - Pregestational or Overt, and those diagnosed during pregnancy-Gestational Diabetes. In the early 1900s, overt diabetes complicated a mother and her child's horrifying morbidity and mortality during pregnancy. Although tremendously mitigated by the discovery of insulin, overt and gestational diabetes still are formidable complications of pregnancy.1 Aim and objectives Aim: To study the maternal and fetal outcome in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) at a teaching hospital. Objectives: 1. To study the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) at a teaching hospital. 2. To study the maternal and fetal outcome in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) at a teaching hospital. Materials and methods: A prospective observational study conducted among 591 Pregnant women attending the antenatal OP, Government Maternity Hospital, Tirupati were screened for GDM and those diagnosed with GDM elsewhere were followed up to study fetal and maternal outcomes during one year period. Inclusion criteria: 1. Pregnant women of gestational age between 24-28 weeks who have given consent will be screened for GDM. 2. Pregnant women diagnosed with GDM elsewhere and attending the antenatal OP. 3. Patients diagnosed with GDM were followed up to delivery, to study the maternal and fetal outcomes. Exclusion criteria: 1. Patient who are known cases of Diabetes mellitus. 2. Patients on drugs like Steroids, Calcium channel blockers and Thiazides. Results and analysis: In this study, the maximum population of GDM patients came under the age group 26-30 years (33.7%). GDM in teenage pregnancy was encountered in 12.7% of the study population. The elderly gravidas covered 6.8%. In this study, the occurrence of GDM was lesser in the extremes of the age group. The lower incidence in the elderly could be probably because these mothers would have had established pregestational diabetes and therefore did not meet the inclusion criteria. Out of 590 women, 43.7% were primi gravida. 41.5% were 2nd gravidas with a previous live child. Higher order births constituted 11.7%. In this study, 352 out of 591 women were started on insulin (59.5%), 121 (20.5%) were started on OHA and the remaining 118 (20.0%) women had their glycemic control achieved with medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone. Discussion: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious complication of pregnancy that affects an estimated 2–14% of all pregnancies annually. It is characterized by glucose intolerance that begins or is first recognized during pregnancy. GDM during pregnancy is more likely to occur in women who are older, have higher BMIs, are multiparous, or have had GDM in the past. Preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, birth injuries, neonatal hypoglycemia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, and admission to a neonatal intensive care unit are all perinatal outcomes associated with hyperglycemia in pregnancy. Other outcomes include fetal weight equal to or greater than the 90th percentile, primary cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, and preeclampsia without shoulder dystocia.
INCIDENCE OF THROMBOCYTOPENIA AND ASSOCIATED MATERNAL RISK FACTORS IN PRETERM NEONATES ADMITTED IN NICU IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL IN JAIPUR: A PROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL STUDY; Introduction: Neonatal thrombocytopenia is common haematological abnormality and associated with severe morbidity and mortality in preterm neonates, so this study was conducted to find incidence of neonatal thrombocytopenia and associated maternal risk factors in preterm neonates admitted in N.I.C.U. Methodology: This Prospective observational study was conducted among 274 preterm neonates admitted in N.I.C.U., Department of Pediatrics R.D.B.P Jaipuria Hospital Jaipur over a period of 12 months. Exclusion criteria were Gross Congenital Malformations and birth injuries, maternal alcohol and abusive drug addiction and Neonates whose parents or guardians did not agree to be a part of study. Maternal and neonatal record files and charts were analysed and various laboratory tests were conducted as per protocol to obtain demographic, clinical and laboratory data. Results: Out of 274 study participants, 108 (39.42%) were having thrombocytopenia. Out of 108 cases, 58.33% were mild, 23.15% were moderate and 18.52% were having severe thrombocytopenia. Mean gestational age was 34.28±1.818 weeks in thrombocytopenia group. Mean total platelet count was 0.989±0.389 in thrombocytopenia group. There was significant difference in mean platelet count in mild (1.278±0.143), moderate (0.75±0.16) and severe thrombocytopenia group (0.376±0.065) (p<0.001). PIH and IUGR was significantly higher in thrombocytopenia group (p=0.012, 0.002). PROM was significantly higher in no thrombocytopenia group (15.06%) (p=0.049). GDM was more in thrombocytopenia group (12.04%) as compared to no thrombocytopenia group (7.83%) (p=0.342). PIH was maximum (40%) in moderate thrombocytopenia and minimum 11.11% in mild thrombocytopenia. PIH was significantly associated with severity of thrombocytopenia (p=0.009). GDM (p=0.085), IUGR (p=0.067) and PROM (p=0.919) was not found significantly associated with severity of thrombocytopenia. Conclusion: Screening of neonates for risk factors of neonatal thrombocytopenia for platelets count is beneficial in the early diagnosis and management of thrombocytopenia.
A Case of Postnatal Aortic Arch Atresia; Background: Aortic arch atresia is a rare congenital cardiac defect that may occur after birth. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus may increase the risk of aortic arch atresia in newborns after birth. Case Description: A 16-day-old infant was referred to our hospital on the 15th postnatal day after an interrupted or atretic aortic arch was discovered. No obvious abnormality was detected in the infant during the prenatal ultrasound. Laboratory tests showed elevated inflammatory marker levels. Transthoracic echocardiography showed stenosis of the transverse arch of the aorta and a blind end at the distal end of the left subclavian artery. During surgery, it was found that the isthmus of the aorta was uninterrupted but completely occluded due to inflammation. Conclusion: This case demonstrates that type A interrupted aortic arch and coarctation of the aorta can be acquired after birth, and if coarctation of the aorta is complicated by inflammation or if the pregnant women have gestational diabetes mellitus, it can result in aortic arch atresia as the patient’s condition worsens. It is advised to consider aortic arch atresia when imaging reveals type A interrupted aortic arch.
Potential and Prospective of Traditional Indian Medicinal Plants for the Treatment of Diabetes; The emergence of diabetes as a silent epidemic and the failure of conventional medicines to provide a safe, effective, and affordable stance has rendered scientists to go back to the ancient literature on traditional plant-based therapies. Though many spices and herbs are used for usual culinary purposes, organized research on the beneficial effect of such herbs in regard to diabetes is less explored. Traditionally, ayurvedic phyto-based polyherbal formulations have been described to reduce blood glucose levels and ease allied complications related to diabetes. The present review amasses nine ethnomedicinal plants (cinnamon, fenugreek, bitter gourd, neem, Indian bael, black myrobalan, Indian gooseberry, turmeric, and giloy) of the Indian subcontinent frequently mentioned in a traditional setting. Systematic assessment of different extraction methods, computational, in vitro, in vivo, and human trials for diabetes involving plants, is presented. A list of some of the commercially available polyherbal formulations for diabetes, along with their key constituents, is discussed. Finally, considering the concomitant use of herbs along with conventional drugs, a brief perspective on the possible herb-drug interactions, limitations, and future directions is provided. This review sheds light on the bioactive components of pharmaceutically relevant plants mentioned in traditional settings for hypoglycemic control. Subsequently, wider acceptance of complementary therapy for efficient management of diabetes would improve the quality of life of patients across the globe.
The role of the thyroid in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disease in women of childbearing age and can cause metabolic disorder, infertility, and increased anxiety and depression; as a result, it can seriously affect the physical and mental health of fertile women. PCOS is a highly clinically heterogeneous disease with unclear etiology and pathogenesis, which increases the difficulty of treatment. The thyroid gland has complex regulatory effects on metabolism, reproduction, and emotion, and produces hormones that act on almost all cells of the human body. The clinical manifestations of PCOS are similar to some thyroid diseases. Furthermore, some thyroid diseases, such as subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH), not only increase the incidence rate of PCOS, but also exacerbate its associated metabolic abnormalities and reproductive disorders. Interestingly, PCOS also increases the incidence of some thyroid diseases. However, the role of the thyroid in PCOS remains unclear. This review is intended to thoroughly explore the critical role of the thyroid in PCOS by summarizing the comorbidity of PCOS and thyroid diseases and their combined role in metabolic disorders, related metabolic diseases, and reproductive disorders; and by analyzing the potential mechanism through which the thyroid influences the development and progression of PCOS and its symptoms. We hope this review will provide a valuable reference for the role of the thyroid in PCOS.
Relationship between maternal factors and preterm infant birth: a case-control study; Summary Background. The newborn mortality rate is one of the most significant health indicators in a country. According to global data, preterm births account for 60 to 80% of all new-born fatalities caused by congenital abnormalities. Despite extensive study in developed countries, there is virtually little information on the reasons for preterm births in studies in Iran and other regions of the world. Objectives. The aim of this study was to determine the relationship between some maternal factors and preterm birth. Material and methods. This case-control study was performed on 108 mothers who had preterm births (case group) and 108 mothers who had full term births (control group). A trained midwife, through interviews, collected maternal and neonatal data from the mother and their medical records. Results. A strong relationship was reported between preterm birth and history of abortion (8.54 times), history of curettage (6.2 times), gestational diabetes (6.44 times), gestational hypertension (4.92 times), multiple gestation (5.5 times) and unwanted pregnancy (4.41 times), and an inadequate amount of prenatal care (4.81 times) was reported only in the case group. Conclusions. Based on the results, it is important to identify risk factors for preterm delivery in mothers and educate pregnant women during pregnancy. Regular and timely prenatal care helps identify mothers in high-risk groups.
A hospital based prospective study to assess association between birth weight and maternal risk factors; Background: Hence this study was conducted to study the morbidity and mortality rates in in born babies weighing less than 1500gm (ELBW and VLBW)admitted in NICU and to define the associated maternal risk factors. Mortality in both VLBW and ELBW group is still high. There is much variation in survival between developed countries and low income countries like India. Maximum numbers of deaths occur in the early neonatal period in this sub group. If they do not receive proper treatment than it negatively affects their families and their countries economically and mentally for the rest of their lives. Methodology: This Hospital based prospective study was conducted on very low birth weight newborns, born at S.P. Medical College and P.B.M. Associated Group of Hospitals during period of 6 months after analyzing inclusion and exclusion criteria and with the help of consecutive sampling, the questionnaire was administered for the study objects by the researcher. Results: Among the study population,72.8% babies had associated maternal risk factors. In our study maternal risk factors had statistically significant association with ELBW babies as compared to VLBW babies. Out of all maternal risk factors, three most commonest maternal risk factors were primiparity,UTI and PROM. Among all the neonatal morbidities observed in our study,the most common morbidity was RDS followed by sepsis, jaundice, PDA,PVL,NEC,IVH and pulmonary haemorrhage .
Evaluation and comparison of the effects of advanced maternal age on pregnancy outcomes; Introduction: Pregnancy in women aged 35 years or above is generally considered an advanced maternal age (AMA). AMA is associated with an increased rate of maternal and neonatal complications. Our present study assessed and compared the effect of AMA on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Materials and Methods: The study was conducted among 120 rural young, middle-aged and elderly women, selected randomly outpatient at Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Mamata Medical College, Khammam. Outcomes for women 35 years of age or older were compared with younger women. The current study had two groups, one of the study groups with maternal age above 35 years and other one was control group with age less than 35 years. Cases beyond 28 weeks of gestation, both primiparous and multiparous patients were included. Minimum 60 patients were included in each group. Gestational age, presentation, mode of delivery, indications for caesarean, maternal complications and foetal outcomes were analysed. Statistical tests were calculated using SPSS software version 20.0. P ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: In this study statistically significant difference in maternal complications like incidence of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension and preterm labour were observed in advanced maternal age women. Conclusion: Increasing incidence of maternal complications both obstetric and medical were observed in the advanced age mothers (AMA). Pregnancy in women 35 years or older was associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and caesarean delivery.
Non-Invasive Myocardial Work Indices in Infants Born to Mothers With Diabetes in Pregnancy; Background: This study used echocardiography to investigate non-invasive myocardial work (MCW) indices in infants born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) in pregnancy (gestational DM: GDM), including those diagnosed under novel classification criteria and those with pre-existing DM. Methods and Results: This single-centered, retrospective study included 25 infants born to mothers with GDM (termed “infant with GDM”), which was diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test results during pregnancy or the presence of diabetes before the current pregnancy. We evaluated the relationship between the infant's MCW, such as global constructive work (GCW), global work index (GWI), global work efficiency (GWE), and global wasted work (GWW), and the mother's GDM maximal HbA1c during pregnancy. HbA1c level in GDM significantly negatively correlated with GWI* (r=−0.565) and GCW* (r=−0.641). In infants with GDM, GWI and GCW were significantly higher with <6.5% HbA1c than in those with >6.5% HbA1c GDM; however, the specific-layer global longitudinal strain analyses did not show any significant differences between the groups. The pressure-strain loop in infants with >6.5% HbA1c in GDM tended to be smaller than in those infants with <6.5% HbA1c GDM. Conclusions: The hyperglycemic environment of GDM leads to impaired MCW in the infants. MCW is useful for screening for cardiac illnesses among infants with GDM. Appropriate maternal blood glucose management while maintaining HbA1c <6.5% might be beneficial for the cardiac performance of infants with GDM.
Distribution of blood pressure and selected clinicoepidemiological correlate among normal newborns in a tertiary care health centre in South India; Background: BP monitoring is mandatory in all newborns to find out the cardiac as well as renal diseases. Premature infants have a limited ability to auto regulate cerebral blood flow when compared to full-term infants and hypotension is a major concern in them. Measures should be taken to detect neonatal hypotension and hypertension as earlier as possible and thereby they can be managed well. Aim: To determine the normative distribution of blood pressure in healthy newborns in the tertiary care setting in 1st 48 hours of life. To find out the factors affecting blood pressure in healthy newborn and to find out relationship between blood pressure distribution and anthropometric measurements of neonates. Materials and Methods Study design: This is a descriptive cross sectional study was conducted in the post-natal ward of DR.SMCSI Medical College Hospital, Karakonam, Kerala, India. Study population: Newborns in the postnatal ward after physical examination including modified Ballard assessment and APGAR score at 1 and 5 minutes were selected for the study. Study size: Study consisted of 400 Newborn. Study tools and Data collection procedure: Blood pressure measurements were taken at age 0–24 hours and 25-48 hours, three times at five minutes interval to get average values. BP measurement was performed with the neonate in the supine position, either awake or quiet or during sleep. The newborn was left for 10-15 min after the application of appropriate size cuff to the right arm to ensure quietness [12]. The automatic cuff inflation and deflation by the instrument rendered display of the BP values (systolic, diastolic and MAP) on the screen. Values are disregarded if any movement occurred during the measurement. The entire procedure was repeated twice as a standardization procedure for deriving on a single valid measurement. Weights of infants were measured by placing the baby naked on an infant’s weighing scale and length of the newborn was measured using an Infantometer. Results: The mean SBP, DBP and MAP for term babies in the first 24 hours of life were 70.7±14 mmHg, 39.1±11 mmHg and 49.6±11 mmHg respectively. For preterm, the corresponding values were 70.1±21 mmHg, 36.5±12 mmHg and 47.7±13.8 mmHg respectively. A significant positive correlation (p value<0.05) was observed between heart rate and blood pressure values of newborns both at 0-24 and 25-48 hours of life. Conclusion: The normative distribution of mean arterial pressure in the term neonates in the first 48 hours of life was 49±9 mmHg. The normative distribution of mean arterial pressure in the preterm neonates in the first 48 hours of life was 47±13 mmHg. All three parameters (SBP, DBP, and MAP) were lower in preterm neonates compared to term neonates. DBP and MAP values significantly rose with increase in the birth weight of neonates at 0- 24 hours. Blood pressure values of neonates are also influenced by gestational diabetes mellitus and use of antenatal steroid. Maternal age and maternal BMI were found to have a significant influence in the blood pressure values of their babies.
Comparison of Carotis İntima Media Thicknesses İn Gestational Weeks 24-26 and 36-38 İn Pregnant Women With Gestational Diabetes; The aim of this study is to investigate the differences between carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women. METHODS: In this prospective study, 30 patients diagnosed with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included. Serum HDL, LDL, TG, HbA1C and CRP levels, body mass indexes (BMI), and CIMT were measured for all participants included in the study. Measurements were repeated at 36-38 weeks of gestation. The difference between the second and third trimester measurements of both groups was compared. Second trimester CIMT measurements of GDM and healthy pregnant women were 5.483 ± 0.825 mm and 4.866 ± 0.642 mm, respectively, and the difference between the measurements of the two groups was statistically significant. Third trimester CIMT measurements of GDM and healthy pregnant women were 5.516±0.748 mm and 4.983 ±0.724 mm, respectively, and the difference between the measurements of the two groups was statistically significant (p=0.016). The difference between the second and third trimester CIMT measurements of the patients in the GDM group was not statistically significant (p=0.326). The difference between the second and third trimester CIMT measurements of the patients in the control group was not statistically significant (p=0.09). GDM patients are at risk for atherosclerosis. In treated GDM patients, the increase in CIMT can be prevented. These findings may indicate that with early diagnosis and treatment of GDM, our patients can be protected from the atosclerotic consequences of hyperglycemia.
Distribution of congenital anomalies with respect to associated maternal factors and their detection in antenatal period; Introduction: Congenital anomalies account for 8-15% of perinatal death and 13-16% of neonatal death in India[1]. A study of distribution of congenital anomalies and their early detection allows decisions to be made regarding termination of pregnancy, in-utero treatment, mode of delivery, postpartum management, counselling of the parents regarding prognosis and risk of recurrence. Methodology: A prospective enrolment of all consenting pregnant women delivering anomalous newborns within 1 year of study period was done. All study variables were studied in detail. Antenatal ultrasound of all women was noted for weeks of gestation, any fetal anomaly, any liquor or placental abnormality. At the time of delivery, all babies were analysed for gross congenital anomalies. Results: 33.33% anomalous babies were born to mothers of age group of 30-39 years. 50% women had significant past medical and/or family history. 26.66% of anomalous babies were associated with anaemia in pregnant women. 66.66% cases were detected by ultrasonography, while 26.6% cases were missed on USG. 76.66% anomalies were detected between 28 to 36 weeks of gestational age. Most commonly involved system is central nervous system in 53.33% cases followed by Musculo-skeletal system in 40% cases. Conclusion: The study emphasizes on preventive measures for congenital anomaly such as, premarital counselling, periconceptional care in the form of improving maternal nutrition, folic acid supplementation, avoidance of teratogenic agents and the need of anomaly scan in second trimester for early diagnosis of congenital anomalies and their termination to prevent perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Integration of clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters for early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications in pregnancy, impairing both maternal and fetal health in short and long term. As early interventions are considered desirable to prevent GDM, this study aims to develop a simple-to-use nomogram based on multiple common risk factors from electronic medical health records (EMHRs). A total of 924 pregnant women whose EMHRs were available at Peking University International Hospital from January 2022 to October 2022 were included. Clinical demographics and routine laboratory analysis parameters at 8-12 weeks of gestation were collected. A novel nomogram was established based on the outcomes of multivariate logistic regression. The nomogram demonstrated powerful discrimination (the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve = 0.7542), acceptable agreement (Hosmer-Lemeshow test, P = 0.3214) and favorable clinical utility. The C-statistics of 10-Fold cross validation, Leave one out cross validation and Bootstrap were 0.7411, 0.7357 and 0.7318, respectively, indicating the stability of the nomogram. A novel nomogram based on easily-accessible parameters was developed to predict GDM in early pregnancy, which may provide a paradigm for repurposing clinical data and benefit the clinical management of GDM. There is a need for prospective multi-center studies to validate the nomogram before employing the nomogram in real-world clinical practice.
KNOWLEDGE, ATTITUDE, AND PRACTICE OF NURSES AND MIDWIVES CONCERNING PREGNANCY INDUCED HYPERTENSION AND GESTATIONAL DIABETES; Background: Obstetric nurses and midwives play a vital role in providing care and managing pregnant females during the whole course of the pregnancy and it is vital to provide them with proper education and training to provide adequate care and achieve adequate outcomes in pregnant females. Aim: The present study aimed to longitudinally assess the knowledge, attitude, and practice of nurses and midwives concerning pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Methods: The study utilized a questionnaire comprising 56 items concerning practice, attitude, and knowledge and comprising 23, 18, and 15 items respectively on these three subscales. The questionnaire was given to the obstetric nurses and midwives at three different time intervals during the program including the pre-test, post-test, and the three months follow-up. The data gathered were statistically analyzed using Pearson correlation coefficients and ANOVA to assess the significance after 3 months of the questionnaire. Results: The study results showed a significant increase in the levels of practice, attitude, and knowledge of obstetric nurses and midwives after the training which persisted after 3 months of training reinforcement compared to the level before training. The comparison of three subscales showed the positive impact of the training and education on the levels of practice, attitude, and knowledge of obstetric nurses and midwives for gestational diabetes and hypertension. Conclusions: The present study concludes that training and education poses a positive impact on the levels of practice, attitude, and knowledge of obstetric nurses and midwives for gestational diabetes and hypertension.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Gestational Diabetes: A Retrospective Study in a Tertiary Care Center; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prevalent medical condition that can have significant implications for both maternal and fetal health. This retrospective study aims to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes associated with GDM in a tertiary care center. Methods: Medical records of pregnant women diagnosed with GDM who received antenatal care and delivered at the center between January 2021 and December 2022 were analyzed. Maternal characteristics, including age, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), and glycemic control, were assessed. Maternal outcomes, such as mode of delivery and the occurrence of pregnancy complications, were examined. Fetal outcomes, including birth weight, gestational age at delivery, neonatal complications, and the need for neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, were also evaluated. Results: A total of 325 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were included in the study, with an average age of 32.5 years and an average pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) of 26.3 kg/m2. 100% of the participants achieved satisfactory glycemic control during pregnancy. Vaginal delivery was the most common mode of delivery, accounting for 36.9% of the cases, followed by cesarean section at 36.9%. Pregnancy complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, were observed in 13.8% and 10.8% of the cases, respectively. The infants born to women with GDM had an average birth weight of 36.9% and an average gestational age at delivery of 36.9 weeks. Neonatal complications, including macrosomia, hypoglycemia, and respiratory distress syndrome, affected 16.9%, 6.2%, and 7.7% of the newborns, respectively. Approximately 9.2% of the infants required admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Conclusion: This retrospective study provides valuable insights into the maternal and fetal outcomes associated with GDM in a tertiary care center. The findings emphasize the importance of comprehensive monitoring and management of GDM to minimize adverse outcomes for both mother and baby. Further prospective studies are warranted to explore interventions that could optimize outcomes in this population.
Case Report: Abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure after occurrence of perinatal hyperglycaemia in woman with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis; Hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis seldom occurs in the second trimester of pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus. For these patients, the existing knowledge on concomitant hyperglycemia is not sufficient. We report a case of abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure following perinatal hyperglycaemia in woman with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis. The occurrence of abruptio placentae and epileptic seizure may be associated with concomitant hyperglycemia, and the epileptic seizure was terminated after she underwent treatment with insulin. We should pay more attention to the adverse effects of perinatal hyperglycemia and continue to give appropriate insulin treatment even if patients have passed the acute phase of hypertriglyceridemia-induced acute pancreatitis.
Retraction: Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (Computational and Mathematical Methods in Medicine (2022) 2022 (6565109) DOI: 10.1155/2022/6565109); This article has been retracted by Hindawi following an investigation undertaken by the publisher [1]. This investigation has uncovered evidence of one or more of the following indicators of systematic manipulation of the publication process: (1) Discrepancies in scope (2) Discrepancies in the description of the research reported (3) Discrepancies between the availability of data and the research described (4) Inappropriate citations (5) Incoherent, meaningless and/or irrelevant content included in the article (6) Peer-review manipulation The presence of these indicators undermines our confidence in the integrity of the article's content and we cannot, therefore, vouch for its reliability. Please note that this notice is intended solely to alert readers that the content of this article is unreliable. We have not investigated whether authors were aware of or involved in the systematic manipulation of the publication process. Wiley and Hindawi regrets that the usual quality checks did not identify these issues before publication and have since put additional measures in place to safeguard research integrity. We wish to credit our own Research Integrity and Research Publishing teams and anonymous and named external researchers and research integrity experts for contributing to this investigation. The corresponding author, as the representative of all authors, has been given the opportunity to register their agreement or disagreement to this retraction. We have kept a record of any response received.
Pathophysiological impact of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus; Diabetes-related pathophysiological alterations and various female reproductive difficulties were common in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), who had 21.1 million live births. Preeclampsia (PE), which increases maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, affects approximately 3%–5% of pregnancies worldwide. Nevertheless, it is unclear what triggers PE and GDM to develop. Therefore, the development of novel moderator therapy approaches is a crucial advancement. Chemokines regulate physiological defenses and maternal-fetal interaction during healthy and disturbed pregnancies. Chemokines regulate immunity, stem cell trafficking, anti-angiogenesis, and cell attraction. CXC chemokines are usually inflammatory and contribute to numerous reproductive disorders. Fractalkine (CX3CL1) may be membrane-bound or soluble. CX3CL1 aids cell survival during homeostasis and inflammation. Evidence reveals that CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors have been the focus of therapeutic discoveries for clinical intervention due to their considerable participation in numerous biological processes. This review aims to give an overview of the functions of CXC and CX3CL1 chemokines and their receptors in the pathophysiology of PE and GDM. Finally, we examined stimulus specificity for CXC and CX3CL1 chemokine expression and synthesis in PE and GDM and preclinical and clinical trials of CXC-based PE and GDM therapies.
Diabetes Insipidus: Novel Diagnostic Approaches; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a water balance disorder characterized by the excretion of a large amount of hypotonic urine associated with a compensatory polydipsia. The polyuria-polydipsia syndrome includes four major entities: central DI (CDI), gestational DI (GDI), nephrogenic DI (NDI), and primary polydipsia (PP). It is essential to differentiate accurately CDI from the other forms, because a wrong diagnosis can have fatal consequences. Clinical manifestations do not differ between DI and PP, even though the underlying mechanism is different. The diagnostic process is often challenging, especially in distinguishing partial CDI from PP. Hyponatremia orientates toward PP, whereas sodium levels at the upper end of the normal reference or hypernatremia are suggestive of DI. However, plasma sodium is normal in the majority of cases; therefore, the differential diagnosis of polyuria requires dynamic testing of the arginine-vasopressin (AVP)-renal axis. The classical water deprivation test (WDT) combined with a desmopressin (DDAVP) test has a poor diagnostic accuracy, is stressful, and requires adherence by patients, adequate supervision by clinicians, and hospitalization. Copeptin and AVP are secreted in equimolar amounts from the neurohypophysis, but the former is more stable and easier to measure. In recent years, the assessment of circulating copeptin levels, especially after stimulation, has replaced the classical test in clinical practice. Arginine-stimulated copeptin seems to be the most convenient, easy, and accurate tool to diagnose DI, even if a confirmation test using hypertonic saline infusion combined with DDAVP is recommended in doubtful cases.
Clinical characteristics and risk factors of cerebral infarction in 45 newborns; Objective To summarize the clinical characteristics of neonatal cerebral infarction and its risk factors, so as to provide a reference for clinical diagnosis and early prevention of the disease. Methods This study retrospectively analyzed the demographic data, clinical manifestations and brain imaging features of neonates with cerebral infarction (n=45) admitted to the Department of Neonatal Critical Care Medicine of the Affiliated Children's Hospital of Xi'an Jiaotong University from June 2012 to July 2020. Ninety newborns without cerebrovascular disease matched for date of birth and gestational age were selected as the control. Two independent sample t-test, rank-sum test, Chi-square or corrected Chi-square test were used for univariate analysis and binary logistic regression were applied for analyzing the risk factors for neonatal cerebral infarction. Results A total of 45 infants with clinically diagnosed neonatal cerebral infarction were enrolled, including eight small for gestational age and three macrosomia infants. The median age at disease onset was 1 d (1-2 d). There were 71% (32/45) presenting with convulsions as the first symptom, 4% (2/45) admitted with apnea and respiratory distress as the chief complaints, respectively, 11% (5/45) having poor response and 9% (4/45) showing no obvious clinical manifestations. Cranial MRI and magnetic resonance angiography identified left hemisphere lesion in 25 cases (56%), right hemisphere lesion in 16 (36%) and both in four (9%). Thalamus and basal ganglia were involved in 11 cases. The lesions were supplied by middle cerebral artery [38% (17/45)], anterior cerebral artery (n=1), posterior cerebral artery (n=4), anterior and middle cerebral arteries (n=4), middle and posterior cerebral arteries (n=16), or anterior, middle and posterior cerebral arteries (n=3). Univariate analysis showed that the proportions of small for gestational age [18% (8/45) vs 6% (5/90), χ2=5.15], cesarean section after failure of trial of labor [18% (8/45) vs 1% (1/90), χ2=10.85], meconium stained amniotic fluid [33% (15/45) vs 9% (8/90), χ2=12.68], fetal distress [20% (9/45) vs 3% (3/90), χ2=8.34] and neonatal asphyxia [16% (7/45) vs 2% (2/90), χ2=6.56] were all higher in the infarcted infants than those in the control (all P<0.05). Binary logistic regression analysis revealed that small for gestational age (OR= 3.981, 95%CI: 1.075-14.742, P=0.039), cesarean section after failure of trial of labor (OR=17.959, 95%CI: 2.032-158.698, P=0.009) and fetal distress (OR=5.756, 95%CI: 1.129-29.331, P=0.035) were independent risk factors for neonatal cerebral infarction. Conclusions Most neonates with cerebral infarction would have convulsions initially, while some are asymptomatic. Middle cerebral arteries are often involved in the lesion. The risk of this disease may be increased in small for gestational age infants, cesarean section after failure of trial of labor and fetal distressed cases.
The Effects of Maternal Body Mass Index on Maternal and Perinatal Outcome; Background: The increasing prevalence of obesity is presenting a critical challenge to health care services. The precipitous rise in the prevalence of obesity is mirrored in the antenatal population and number of women entering pregnancy with obesity is high. In India 26% of pregnant women are overweight and 8% are obese. Objectives: To study the women from a variety of ethnic groups and socio-economic strata, to determine the effect of maternal BMI on maternal and perinatal outcome. Material and Methods: This was a prospective Observational study. A total of 248 pregnant mothers at first visit in first trimester attending the regular antenatal clinics of OBG Department at St. John’s medical college Hospital between November 2018 – November 2020 were sorted out based on inclusion and exclusion criteria and were included in the study after informed consent. BMI measured using formula of BMI = (weight in kilograms / height in meters2).The cut-off limits for Asians as per (WHO) was taken. Baseline (ANC) routine investigations were performed as per the hospital protocol. All findings were noted in a Performa and records were maintained till delivery. All pregnant mothers were counselled to have followed up visits till delivery. All the babies were be examined by the Neonatologist. APGAR scores of the babies, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions were recorded. The required sample size was 248 for 80% power and 5% statistically significant. The Qualitative data was summarized by count and percentage. Quantitative data was summarized by mean and standard deviation (SD). The association between qualitative variable was assessed by chi square test and contingency table analysis. The quantitative variable was compared according different groups independent t test and ANOVA. Results: The study observed that there is strong association of increased BMI in pregnant mothers and complications like preeclampsia, GDM, caesarean delivery and larger babies. Whereas, underweight women had more chances of preterm delivery needing NICU care for the child. Conclusion: Maternal BMI and pregnancy outcome have strong correlation and young women who are conceiving are overweight. Therefore, it is essential to create awareness in the young women to have healthy life style and regular exercise to maintain normal BMI prior to conception as it is a modifiable risk factor.
Fetomaternal outcome in patients suffering with diabetes in pregnancy; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus is a disorder of carbohydrate metabolism0 It is most common medical complication of pregnancy0 Women can be separated into those who were known to have diabetes before pregnancy-pregestational or overt, and those diagnosed before pregnancy- gestational diabetes0 Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy 10 Pregnancy confers a state of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia that may predispose some women to develop diabetes0 Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs when a woman’s pancreatic function is not sufficient to overcome the diabetogenic environment of pregnancy0 Undiagnosed or inadequately treated GDM can lead to significant maternal & fetal complications 20 Aims and Objectives Feto-maternal outcome in patients of pregnancy with diabetes was studied with following aims * To review different diagnostic criteria for GDM0 * To study proportion of diabetes in pregnancy, both gestational diabetes and overt diabetes0 * To study feto-maternal outcome and complication in pregnancy with diabetes0 * To plan management of pregnancy with diabetes and to decrease fetomaternal morbidity and mortality0 Materials and Methods A prospective case study was conducted on 70 Diabetic Patients at a tertiary care centre ND Desai Institute of Medical science and research, Nadiad, to study the fetomaternal outcome during December 2020 to August 20210 All necessary investigations were carried out0 The data collected was analyzed and tabulations were made0 Result and Discussion Total 70 patients were analyzed0 Out of them maximum patients had gestational diabetes rather than Overt diabetes0 maximum patients belonged to age group 20-29 years0 maximum patients had positive family history of diabetes and were multipara with polyhydroamnios0 Maximum patients required insulin for treatment of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy along with medical nutrition therapy and exercise0 Regular insulin was used in all patients0 maximum patients were delivered by caesarean section0.
A Rare Case of Acute Myocardial Infarction in Pregnancy: Successful Treatment Strategies; BACKGROUND: Acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy is rare, but is associated with a high mortality rate, particularly during labor and delivery. This article concerns a 23-year-old woman with a history of insulin-treated gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism treated with levothyroxine presenting at 32 weeks of pregnancy with acute chest pain and coronary artery occlusion requiring angioplasty followed by cesarean delivery. The aim of this report is to outline the diagnostic difficulties of acute coronary syndromes during pregnancy and to present their treatment. CASE REPORT: A 23-year-old female patient at 32 weeks’ gestation treated for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and hypothyroidism was admitted to the hospital due to acute chest pain. The ECG showed ST-segment elevation in leads I, aVL, and V4-V6 and elevated troponin T. Based on this, the patient was diagnosed with myocardial infarction and given low-molecular heparin, followed by primary coronary angioplasty with revascularization. After the procedure, she received dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) with acetylsalicylic acid and clopidogrel. The pregnancy was terminated at 38 weeks by cesarean section, delivering a healthy baby. CONCLUSIONS: This report shows the importance of rapid and accurate diagnosis and management of acute myocardial infarction during pregnancy, and delivery by cesarean section, to ensure survival of the mother and the child.
Frequency and Pattern of Congenital Heart Defects in Infant of Diabetic Mother at Tertiary Care Hospital; Background and Objective: This study was conducted to evaluate the frequency and pattern of congenital heart defects (CHD) in the infant of pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers presenting at NICU and the causality department of NICH Karachi Pakistan. Methods: It was a cross-sectional study conducted at NICH Karachi, from July to October, 2022. Infants born to diabetic mothers were enrolled in the study and the frequency and pattern of congenital heart diseases were determined by echocardiography which was performed by a pediatric cardiologist who has had expertise in his field for more than 10 years. Results: A total of 147 infants were enrolled in the study with the majority of them being 0 to 15 days of age (n=138, 93.9%) and were male gender (n=88, 59.9%). Nearly a quarter of mothers had pre-gestational diabetes (n=35, 23.8%) while 112 (76.2%) mothers had gestational diabetes. Out of 147, 67 (45.57%) infants had congenital heart defects. The most common heart defect was PFO (n=35, 23%) followed by PDA (n=22, 14.9%), VSD (n=8, 5.4%), ASD (n=4, 2.7%), HCM (n=4, 2.7%), TOF (n=4, 2.7%) and TGA (n=2, 1.36%). A significant difference was seen for ASD (p<0.001), VSD (p<0.001), TGA (p=0.011), HCM (p<0.001), and TOF (p<0.001) in congenital heart defect among infants born to mother having pre-gestational diabetes and gestational diabetes. Conclusion: This study analyzed that nearly half of the infants born to diabetic mothers had congenital heart defects. Thus, it highlights a need for the development of postnatal screening programs for CHD in our population for managing this problem timely. To reduce morbidity and mortality, early CHD diagnosis with screening echocardiography is advised.
The Maternal Outcome of Patients with COVID-19 and their babies in the first 24 hours of Birth; Aim: This study investigates the maternal outcome of patients with COVID-19 and their babies in the first 24 hours of birth in 2021 in Ayatollah Kashani Hospital, Jiroft. Background: The widespread spread of Covid-19 was accompanied by concern about vulnerable groups of society such as pregnant women and infants. This group of people in society is susceptible to this disease due to the weakening of the immune system. Methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted on 81 pregnant women with COVID-19 in 2021 in Ayatollah Kashani Jiroft Hospital. The data collection tool was adjusted according to the maternal and neonatal outcomes, and the inclusion criteria included pregnancy over 34 weeks confirmed by ultrasound and infection with COVID-19 confirmed by PCR test. Data were collected using a checklist and maternal and neonatal outcomes were reported. Data were analyzed with SPSS version 25 software and the significance level was ≤ 0.05. Results: The prevalence of death in mothers with COVID-19 was 3.7%, in the present study, there was no higher rate of cesarean delivery, and 14.8% had premature delivery. The Apgar score of the examined infants at minute 0 was higher than 7, and infant death was not found, 18.5% were transferred to ICU and 29.6% had lung involvement. Conclusion: The results of this research showed that maternal complications, especially maternal death were more than expected but symptoms in infants did not significantly increase and infant death was not found in this study. However, it should be noted that the complications of COVID-19 in infants can be serious.
Phonocardiography and cardiotocography allow dynamic monitoring of the fetus in gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim: To compare the adequacy of calculating the parameters of the fetal cardiointervalogram obtained by Doppler and phonography methods from the degree of obesity in a pregnant woman Materials and methods: The study involved 54 pregnant women aged 16 to 42 years, all women are classified as having a high degree of perinatal risk. The gestational age at the time of the study was 27-41 weeks. In 26 women, the course of pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, in 28 women this diagnosis was absent. The BMI of the study participants ranged from 21 to 35 kg/m2. The cardiotocogram was recorded using Sonicaid Team (Sonicaid Ltd/Huntleigh Healthcare, UK) and FC 1400 (Bionet, South Korea) devices. Recording of the phonocardiogram was carried out using the FetalCare software and hardware complex (Diagnostics+ LLC, Tomsk). For each study, the time when the simultaneous presence of a heart signal on CTG and FCG averaged 23.7 ± 8.8 minutes. Results: Based on the data obtained from CTG and FCG, the dependence of the percentage of the lost signal (%), the volume of intersections of the graphs (%), the correlation between the CTG and FCG graphs (r,%), the percentage of recording with a deviation of the CTG and FCG graph of less than 12.5 beats/min was calculated (1-RO,%), the absolute difference in the values of the average heart rate (bpm), basal rate (BR, bpm), STV and LTV (ms) from the patient's body mass index. Conclusion: Phonocardiography is a promising method for long-term continuous monitoring of the fetal heart rate, given the low cost of equipment and absolute safety for mother and fetus. The conducted study proved the possibility of using the FCG method in obese women, a small dependence of the calculated parameters of the cardiointervalogram on the body mass index. It is necessary to continue developments on the creation of new modifications of fetal monitors based on various principles of heart rate recording.
DEPICTING THE INCIDENCE OF COMPLICATIONS IN THE IN VITRO FERTILIZATION PREGNANCIES; Background: Assisted reproductive technologies have been adopted widely in India with fewer incidences of complications. However, various increased risks including gestational diabetes, hypertension, and prematurity have been seen. Aim: The present clinical study was aimed at analyzing in-vitro fertilization (IVF) pregnancies and associated risk factors and major complications associated with IVF pregnancies. Methods: In 310 females undergoing IVF, the techniques, associated risk factors, and IVF-related complications were studied. The data gathered were analyzed statistically and results were formulated. Results: The study results showed that higher chances of twin pregnancy were associated with embryo transfer using 2 embryos. No significant association was seen in several pregnancies and gestational diabetes or gestational hypertension with p<0.05. The study results showed no significant association between gestational age gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension with p>0.05. Also, no significant correlation was seen in the gestational age and etiology of infertility with p=0.66. Among 68 preterm infants, 18 subjects reported ARDS (acute respiratory distress syndrome). Conclusion: Considering its limitations, the present study concludes that embryo numbers are correlated with multiple pregnancies. In older females, gestational hypertension is commonly seen, whereas, twin pregnancies are more common in younger females undergoing in-vitro fertilization pregnancies. A higher incidence of premature deliveries is seen in IVF pregnancies with no difference in the age of the females.
PLACENTAL THICKNESS EVALUATION IN NORMAL PREGNANCY, GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND PREGNANCY INDUCED HYPERTENSION; Background and purpose: Placental thickness measured at the level of the umbilical cord insertion can be used as a new parameter to estimate gestational age. The present study was undertaken to evaluate the relationship between placental thickness and gestational age and to assess the growth pattern of placenta with advancing gestational age in pregnancy induced hypertension and gestationaldiabetes mellitus. Objectives: 1. To assess the placental thickness in normal pregnancy, Pregnancy induced hypertension andgestational diabetes mellitus 2.To compare the placental thickness in normal pregnancy with placental thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus and in pregnancy induced hypertension. Methods: The study included 120 antenatal cases of gestational age between 24-28 weeks of gestation based on each 40 cases of normal pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pregnancy induced hypertension women aged between 18-40 years, who attending Adichunchanagiri Institute of Medical Sciences and referred to the Radiodiagnosis department for antenatal Ultrasound from the period of November 2019 to May 2020 Results: The study mainly aimed at detailed assessment of placental thickness in normal pregnancy, pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus to assess the spectrum of placental changes and to correlate these findings with severity and duration of maternal disease and with the fetal outcome. A study of 120 pregnant patients were done with the collaboration of Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, to find out the thickness of placenta in pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancy. Mean placental thickness found to be much lower in the study group of pregnancy induced hypertension and increased in gestational diabetes mellitus in comparison to placental thickness of normal pregnancy. Placental thickness of normal pregnancy corresponds to the gestational age with normal fetal outcome. Multiparous women with increasing age groups were more likely to have gestational diabetes mellitus than primi-gravida women. Conclusion: To conclude on the outcome received in our study signifies placental thickness can be used as an accurate indicator for estimating the fetal and maternal well-being. The variations in placental thickness decide whether a fetus is considered to be at risk. Also in our study the thickness of placenta did not show any variation with the location of placenta. Abnormal placental thickness in the early stages helps to detect intrauterine growth restriction(IUGR) and gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM). In normal pregnancy the placental thickness almost corresponds to the gestational age and results in healthy fetus and mother. In GDM the placenta thickness appears thickened and undergoes alterations in its formation, structure, and function. According to the review, these alterations are related to an oxygenation deficiency in the fetus, changes in the transplacental transport of nutrients and other alterations that cause fetal overgrowth by increasing their availability, and other consequences to the developing fetus. Placental thickness is reduced in pregnancy induced hypertension due to increased blood pressure. Pregnancy induced hypertension, produces accelerated maturation and rapid aging of the chorionic villi with the risk of inducing a placental abruption. In addition, placental circulation is reduced causing decrease in oxygen saturation of the fetus.
Maternal thyroid peroxidase antibody positivity and its association with incidence of low birth weight in infants; Background: Autoimmune thyroid disease is a prevalent condition affecting women of reproductive age, leading to thyroid dysfunction and impacting pregnancy outcomes. While the critical role of thyroid hormone in pregnancy outcomes is well-established, the potential association between positive anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (TPOAb) and adverse pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with normal thyroid function remains unclear. Objective: This study aims to investigate the relationship between maternal TPOAb positivity and adverse pregnancy outcomes with normal thyroid function. Methods: We collected baseline information from pregnant women who visited our hospital between February 2009 and June 2012. Blood samples were taken to measure thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), free thyroxine (FT4), TPOAb, and anti-thyroglobulin antibodies (TGAb). The incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes was compared between TPOAb-positive and TPOAb-negative groups among participants with normal thyroid function. Results: A total of 7,046 pregnant women with normal thyroid function were included, comprising 6,700 with negative TPOAb and 346 with positive TPOAb. The TPOAb-positive group exhibited a higher age (26.0 vs. 27.0 years, p = 0.02) and greater serum TSH levels (1.72 vs. 1.94 mIU/L, p = 0.029), while the gestational week of blood collection was lower (31.9 vs. 26.5 weeks, p = 0.001). Univariate analysis revealed a higher incidence of low birth weight (LBW) in offspring of TPOAb-positive women compared to the TPOAb-negative group (3.5% vs. 1.9%, p = 0.035). After adjusting for confounding factors such as age, gestational week of blood collection, menstrual history, education level, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, TGAb, TSH, and FT4, TPOAb positivity emerged as an independent risk factor for LBW infants (OR: 2.317, 95% CI: 1.057–5.076, p = 0.036), while other adverse pregnancy outcomes did not show a significant correlation with TPOAb positivity. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that TPOAb-positive pregnant women with normal thyroid function are more likely to deliver LBW infants. Regular monitoring of TPOAb-positive pregnancies and timely interventions throughout all stages of pregnancy are crucial.
Retrospective Analysis of Pregnancy Outcomes Following External Cephalic Version for Breech Presentation; Objective: We explored the feasibility and safety of external cephalic version (ECV) for cases of breech presentation. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed data from 158 singleton pregnant women with breech presentation at 36 weeks gestation, admitted to Guangzhou Hospital of Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine from January 2018 to March 2022. 42 underwent ECV, categorized as the ECV group, while 116 without ECV comprised the control group. Systematic collection and evaluation of pregnancy outcomes were conducted for both groups. Results: Within the control group, 16 cases experienced a spontaneous transition to head presentation, among which 14 cases resulted in successful vaginal deliveries. In 2 cases, cesarean deliveries were performed due to fetal macrosomia and persistent posterior occipital presentation. Furthermore, 2 cases of breech presentation in pregnant women were successfully delivered vaginally through breech traction, necessitating an emergency procedure due to the wide opening of the uterus. Within the ECV group, 28 cases were successfully inverted to the cephalic presentation. Among them, 1 case underwent an emergency cesarean delivery due to fetal distress during cephalic delivery, 3 cases required cesarean deliveries due to abnormal labor, and 24 cases were successfully delivered vaginally. The comparative analyses showed that the cesarean section rate (18/42 vs 100/116) and non-cephalic delivery rate (14/42 vs 100/116) in the ECV group were significantly lower than those in the control group (P < 0.001). There was no statistically significant differences between the two groups with respect to the rate of newborns with Apgar score < 7 (1/42 vs 3/116), premature rupture of membrane (3/42 vs 20/116), acute fetal distress (2/42 vs 2/116), and cord prolapse (0/42 vs 1/116) (P > 0.05). Conclusion: ECV can effectively reduce the rate of cesarean delivery and non-cephalic deliveries. However, it but requires strict adherence to indications and continuous monitoring.
Prevalence and Missed Cases of Respiratory Distress Syndrome Disease Amongst Neonatal Deaths Enrolled in the Kenya Child Health and Mortality Prevention Surveillance Network (CHAMPS) Program Between 2017 and 2021; Objectives. To describe RDS in neonatal deaths at the CHAMPS-Kenya site between 2017 and 2021. Methods. We included 165 neonatal deaths whose their Causes of death (COD) were determined by a panel of experts using data from post-mortem conducted through minimally invasive tissue specimen testing, clinical records, and verbal autopsy. Results. Twenty-six percent (43/165) of neonatal deaths were attributable to RDS. Most cases occurred in low birthweight and preterm neonates. From these cases, less than half of the hospitalizations were diagnosed with RDS before death, and essential diagnostic tests were not performed in most cases. Most cases received suboptimal levels of supplemental oxygen, and critical interventions like surfactant replacement therapy and mechanical ventilation were not adequately utilized when available. Conclusion. The study highlights the urgent need for improved diagnosis and management of RDS, emphasizing the importance of increasing clinical suspicion and enhancing training in its clinical management to reduce mortality rates.
Study of Maternal and Fetal Outcome in elderly Primigravida.; The elderly primigravida is defined as a women who goes into pregnancy for the first time at the age of 35yrs or more. Increasing importance of education and postponement of marriage and childbearing in order to persue carrier options has led to increase in the population of eldely primigravida .This along with advancement in Assisted reproductive technology has lead to increase in more and more women conceiving for the first time after the age of 35 yrs. Nevertheless the increased fetomaternal complication and consideration as a high risk leading to early intervention among this age group is of concern. Objective: The objective of the study was to find out incidence and to determine fetomaternal outcome in elderly primigravida. Materials and methods: This was a cross sectional study conducted in the Department of obstetrics and gynaecology,MGMMC,Indore from march 2019 to march 2020 for a period of 1 year. Elerly primigravida admitted at term were studied for fetomaternal outcome. Results: Of the total 18050 deliveries,306 were elderly primigravida . Maternal complications seen were oligohydramnios5.8%, Gestational hypertension 2.8%,Breech presentation 5.3%,PROM 3.8%,Placenta previa 2.8%,Gestational diabetes 1.2% and Twin pregnancy 2.2%. Caesarean section rate was 62.4%..Out of which 26.8% were done for cephalopelvic disproportion. 6.6% babies were low birthweight. Conclusion: Although fetomaternal complications are increased in elderly primigravida is increased but with adequate antenatal care, early recognition of complications and timely intervention optimum outcome can be expected.
Novel linkage and association of TCF7L2 variants with PCOS in Italian families; OBJECTIVE: Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) gene variants confer risk for type 2 diabetes and metabolic traits. We investigated the role of TCF7L2-variants in polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), which is a common endocrine metabolic disorder affecting women of reproductive age. We tested whether TCF7L2 variants are in linkage to and/or in linkage disequilibrium [(LD), namely linkage and association)] with PCOS. PATIENTS AND METHODS: Within 212 families from the Italian peninsular population, we analyzed 78 variants using Pseudomarker software for linkage to and LD with PCOS under the dominant model with complete penetrance (D1). In a secondary analysis, we tested the variants under the recessive models with complete penetrance (R1), dominant with incomplete penetrance (D2), and recessive with incomplete penetrance (R2). We tested through in silico analysis the risk variants to detect any potential functional effects. RESULTS: We identified a total of 14 variants in the TCF7L2 gene significantly linked to and/or in LD with the risk of PCOS (p < 0.05) across different models. CONCLUSIONS: This study is the first to report TCF7L2 linkage and linkage disequilibrium in Italian families with PCOS.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Peripheral Arterial Disease and Cardiovascular Events in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Time to Implement Systematic Screening and Update the Management; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It presents with gynaecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. The dominant drivers of pathophysiology are hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance. Both conditions are related to cardiometabolic risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperglycaemia, type 2 and gestational diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnoea. Women with PCOS of reproductive age consistently demonstrated an elevated risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, as indicated by different measurement methods, while findings for menopausal age groups exhibited mixed results. Translation of subclinical atherosclerosis into the increased incidence of peripheral arterial disease and major cardiovascular (CV) events is less clear. Although several expert groups have advised screening, the CV risk assessment and prevention of CV events are frequently underdiagnosed and overlooked aspects of the management of PCOS. A combination of lifestyle management and pharmacotherapy, including the promising new era of anti-obesity medicine, can lead to improvements in cardiometabolic health.
Cardiovascular risk factors during pregnancy impact the postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling; Pregnant women with cardiovascular risk (CVR) factors are highly prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Thus, recent guidelines suggest extending the follow-up period to 1 yr after delivery. We aimed to evaluate cardiovascular remodeling during pregnancy and determine which CVR factors and potential biomarkers predict postpartum cardiac and vascular reverse remodeling (RR). Our study included a prospective cohort of 76 healthy and 54 obese and/or hypertensive and/or with gestational diabetes pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography, pulse-wave velocity (PWV), and blood collection at the 1st trimester (1T) and 3rd trimester (3T) of pregnancy as well as at the 1st/6th/12th mo after delivery. Generalized linear mixed-effects models was used to evaluate the extent of RR and its potential predictors. Pregnant women develop cardiac hypertrophy, as confirmed by a significant increase in left ventricular mass (LVM). Moreover, ventricular filling pressure (E/e0) and atrial volume increased significantly during gestation. Significant regression of left ventricular (LV) volume, LVM, and filling pressures was observed as soon as 1 mo postpartum. The LV global longitudinal strain worsened slightly and recovered at 6 mo postpartum. PWV decreased significantly from 1T to 3T and normalized at 1 mo postpartum. We found that arterial hypertension, smoking habits, and obesity were independent predictors of increased LVM during pregnancy and postpartum. High C-reactive protein (CRP) and low ST2/IL33-receptor levels are potential circulatory biomarkers of worse LVM regression. Arterial hypertension, age, and gestational diabetes positively correlated with PWV. Altogether, our findings pinpoint arterial hypertension as a critical risk factor for worse RR and CRP, and ST2/IL33 receptors as potential biomarkers of postpartum hypertrophy reversal.
The Role of Maternal Health and Nutrition in Neonatal Respiratory Outcomes.; Introduction: The health of neonates, particularly respiratory outcomes, is influenced byvarious maternal factors. This study aimed to investigate the role of maternal health, sociodemographic factors, and nutrition in neonatal respiratory outcomes. Material and Methods: A comprehensive assessment was conducted on pregnant women, focusing on age distribution, socioeconomic status, education, lifestyle habits, medical history, medications, and complications during pregnancy. Subsequent neonatal assessments included respiratory and general health parameters. Results: A significant representation of participants was from the 26-30 age bracket. Hypertension (20%) and diabetes (15%) were prevalent among participants. In neonatal assessments, 15% exhibited signs of respiratory distress, with an average birth weight of 2.8kg. The majority (85%) had an Apgar score between 7-10. Conclusion: Maternal health and socio-demographic factors profoundly impact neonatal respiratory outcomes. The findings emphasize the need for comprehensive prenatal care and interventions to optimize neonatal health.
To evaluate the cerebroplacental ratio and it's diagnostic value in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome; Introduction- A high-risk pregnancy carries a greater risk to the mother or her fetus than an uncomplicated pregnancy. Pregnancy places additional physical and emotional stress on a woman's body. Health problems that occur before a woman becomes pregnant or during pregnancy may also increase the likelihood for a highrisk pregnancy. Doppler is a noninvasive method for evaluation of fetoplacental circulation without any disturbance to human pregnancy. It gives valuable information about hemodynamic situation of the fetus and is an efficient diagnostic test of fetal jeopardy that helps in management of high-risk pregnancy. Doppler ultrasound technology evaluates umbilical artery (and other fetal arteries) waveforms to assess fetal well-being in the third trimester of pregnancy. Aims and objectives- ''To evaluate the cerebroplacental ratio and it's diagnostic value in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome'' in patients with abnormal cerebroplacental ratio and timely intervention in these fetus to prevent adverse perinatal outcome. Material and methods- This study, Prospective observational study, was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics & Gynecology at tertiary care center at central India population periods of 1 Year and 6 Months, from January 2018 to June 2019. Patients those were attended OPD & got admitted as IPD, at 30-36 weeks of gestation comprised the study population. Only those women who fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were willing to participate in the study voluntarily were included in the study after taking an informed consent. Results and conclusion - In our study, 58% and 42% patients in control group were primigravida and multigravida respectively which was comparable to patients in Case group 56% and 44% respectively. Doppler flow velocity analysis can be valuable in antenatal assessment of SGA, FGR and even in AGA for prediction of late onset growth restriction and perinatal adverse outcome. By noninvasive hemodynamic monitoring of umbilical arteries (Feto-placental circulation) and middle cerebral arteries (fetal-circulation) has been a great help to improve perinatal outcome in pregnancy with comorbidities. For the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in women with high-risk pregnancies, the best doppler index according to our study was cerebroplacental ratio (MCA/UA PI ratio). In cases with abnormal doppler, timely interventions lead to improved perinatal outcome. Hence, repeated doppler study in these pregnancies can help to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality in high-risk cases. This study also suggested that CP ratio has the value for identifying those fetuses at risk for adverse perinatal outcome even their weights was greater than the 10th centile but are at risk for adverse outcome or late onset FGR because of an abnormal or lower CP ratio than 50th percentile value for age specific cutoff value.
BREAST PUMP VERSUS MANUAL METHOD FOR EXPRESSION OF BREAST MILK IN FEMALES DELIVERING PRETERM BABIES DURING THE FIRST POSTNATAL WEEK; Background: The production of milk in mothers giving birth to preterm infants is a complex process that is affected by the type of milk expression and timing of milk expression. The literature data existing is scarce concerning the use of breast pumps for long-term supply of milk. Aim: The present clinical study was aimed to comparatively assess the volume of breast milk in breast pump expression and manual method in mothers of preterm infants during the first postnatal week. Methods: The study assessed females who have completed 34 weeks of their gestation where breast pump expression of milk was assessed using the pigeon manual breast pump and manual expression of breast milk using the Marmet technique. The milk expression initiated within the one hour following delivery was assessed. In all females, the volume of expressed breast milk (EBM) was assessed at different times of the first week along with the cumulative volume of milk. Results: The study assessed 85 females where breast pump milk expression was done in 42 females and manual breast milk expression in 43 females. Among 64 females following inclusion, 32 females were allotted to each group. The median volume of expressed breast milk was similar on day 2 and day 7 of manual and pump milk with p=0.12 and 0.64 respectively. The cumulative milk had a median volume having a non-significant difference from pumped milk with p=0.53. In both manual and pumped milk, comparable females gave breast milk only to their neonates in the first postnatal week with p=0.16. Conclusion: The present study concludes that the volume of expressed breast milk is comparable in females of premature neonates using either a manual method or breast pump for milk expression during the first postnatal week.
MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOMES IN POST DATED PREGNANCY: A RETROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL STUDY; Background: Condition where the gestational age is over 42 weeks, is known as post-term pregnancy. This is linked to higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Both mother and the fetus are specifically at risk in postdated pregnancies. Mother experiences issues such as increased use of inductions, instrumental deliveries, prolonged labour, LSCS, and instrumental deliveries that themselves are connected with a number of morbidities, as well as fetal problems ranging from IUGR to macrosomia. The aim of this study was to identify the maternal and perinatal problems connected to postdated pregnancy. Methods: This retrospective observational study was conducted over a period of six months, from May 2022 to November 2022. A total of 71 post-dated pregnant women were included in the study, who presented Lalla Ded Hospital, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Government Medical College Srinagar. Data were retrieved from medical records and analyzed using SPSS version 27. Descriptive statistics and chi-square tests were used for data analysis with P-value < 0.05 taken as statistically significant. Results: The mean age of the study population was ( 27.21±4.62) years, and the majority of the patients (82%) were from rural areas. A total of 33 (46%) normal deliveries were recorded. Out of which 18 spontaneous vaginal deliveries were performed which alone contributed 55% of the total of 33 normal deliveries. The overall rate of cesarean section was 54% (38 cases).The most common indication of C-Section was Non-Reactive Cardiotocography 53% (20 out of 38 cases). Adverse maternal outcomes were recorded among the 31 cases (44%) and the most common outcome observed was prolonged hospital stay 55% (17 out of 31). Out of which stay due to wound infection (23%), and postpartum psychosis (18%) was recorded. The neonatal outcomes included admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (25%), meconium aspiration syndrome (18%), and low Apgar scores (23%). Conclusion: There is an increased risk of adverse fetomaternal outcomes during postdated pregnancies, they can be regarded as high risk pregnancies. The prevalence of post-dated pregnancies can be reduced with routine prenatal care. Appropriate fetal surveillance and management of labor can improve neonatal outcomes.
Placental Changes in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and its association with Perinatal Outcome; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as diabetes with onset or first recognition during gestation. It is a common complication of pregnancy that has become more prevalent over the past few decades. Abnormalities in fetal growth, including increased incidence of both large and small for gestational-age babies, suggest placental dysfunction. The diabetic metabolic situation causes hyperglycemia, hypoglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and oxidative stress in the mother and the fetus. These alterations trigger a sequence of changes in the development of the vessels in the placenta. Consequently, the fetus is affected by this lack of supply of necessary substances or overstimulated by pathological factors with a significant risk for abnormal development. Aim and objective: To observe & study the various gross morphological changes in the placentas of diabetic mothers and their comparison with normal-term placentas. Method and material: The total number of specimens studied in the present study was 80, 40 placentas were from the mothers with uncomplicated/normal pregnancy which were taken as a control group, and 40 placentas from the mother with either gestational or overt diabetes which were taken as a study group. The specimens were collected from the NCMCH, Panipat for 1 year and the study was conducted in the Department Of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Result: The presence of degenerative lesions such as fibrinoid necrosis and vascular lesions like cholangitis was apparent, mainly in the diabetes group. Villous immaturity and the presence of NFRBC as an indication of chronic fetal hypoxia were significantly increased in the placentas of women with diabetes compared with the control group. The fetal/placental weight ratio was significantly lower in the diabetic group. Conclusion: Histological abnormalities were observed more frequently in the diabetic placentas compared to the controls. These findings support the hypothesis that impaired placental function is one of the main reasons for the increased frequency of fetal complications in diabetic pregnancies.
ASSESSMENT OF UMBILICAL CORD COILING INDEX AS A MARKER OF PERINATAL OUTCOME; Background: To assess umbilical cord coiling index as a marker of perinatal outcome. Materials and Methods: One hundred fifty antenatal women who went into labour were included. Umbilical coiling index (UCI) calculated as total number of complete vascular coiling/ total length of cord (cm) at the time of delivery. Based on UCI, three groups as normocoiled (10th- 90th percentile of the mean UCI), hypocoiled (UCI < 10th percentile) and hypercoiled (90th percentile of the mean) in group I, II and III respectively was formed. Result: The mean length of coil was 51.6 cm. The mean number of coil was 12.3 and UCI was 0.29 cm. Vaginal delivery was seen in 40, 34 and 30 and caesarean in 10, 16 and 20 in group I, II and III respectively. Heart rate was normal in 42, 36 and 38 and abnormal in 8, 14 and 12 in group I, II and III respectively. Birth weight was normal in 43, 42 and 40 and low in 7, 8 and 10 in 8, 14 and 12 in group I, II and III respectively. APGAR score was normal in 41, 38 and 35 and low in 9, 12 and 15 in group I, II and III respectively. The difference was significant (P< 0.05). Complications was GDM seen in 5, 3 and 2 and PIH in 2, 4 and 1 in group I, II and III respectively. Abruption was seen in 10, 6 and 8 and Oligohydramnios was seen in 3, 2 and 3 in group I, II and III respectively. The difference was significant (P< 0.05). Conclusion: Abnormal umbilical coiling index was associated with several adverse antenatal and neonatal features.
MATERNAL AND FETAL CORD BLOOD LIPIDS IN INTRAUTERINE GROWTH RESTRICTION; Background: Intrauterine growth restriction is when the fetus fails to achieve its genetic growth potential and is at risk of increased perinatal morbidity and mortality. The primary objectives are to study the incidence of hyperlipidaemia in mothers of IUGR newborns and the impact of cord blood lipid profiles in IUGR newborns. Materials and Methods: We included 50 pregnant women with IUGR who met the inclusion and exclusion criteria. After obtaining informed consent from patients, 4ml of blood was withdrawn from the patient in a fast at 34 to 40 weeks. The lipid profile was assessed by the enzymatic endpoint or cholesterol oxidase method. The advantage is only a smaller sample quantity is needed which is precise, specific, accurate, and more convenient than the conventional lipid assay. Result: 50 IUGR antenatal mothers were included, twenty-three patients were primi, and 27 were multigravida. Thirty-five patients were delivered before 37 weeks, and 15 were delivered after 37 weeks of gestation. Twenty-eight patients were delivered by Cesarean section, and 22 had a normal vaginal delivery. Four mothers have increased LDL levels which is nearly 8%. Eight have increased triglyceride levels by almost 16%, and 10 IUGR newborns have increased triglyceride levels by almost 20%. HDL decreased in 4 mothers, 8%, and nine newborns, nearly 18%. Conclusion: It is clearly understood that IUGR mothers have altered lipid profiles, indirectly affecting the fetus lipid metabolism. It is understood that there is some increase in the fetus's triglycerides and a decrease in HDL.
EFFECT OF INCREASING BODY MASS INDEX ON PREGNANCY OUTCOMES IN NULLIPAROUS WOMEN DELIVERING SINGLETON BABIES; Background: Obesity is a global health problem that is increasing in prevalence. Obesity during pregnancy is considered a high-risk state because it is associated with many complications. This study was conducted to assess the direct relationship of maternal obesity, judged by BMI and its effect on fetomaternal outcome. Materials and Methods: The prospective cohort study was conducted at Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, GMSH, Chandigarh. It includes 300 patients (100 in each of the 3 groups, divided on the basis of BMI). The study includes nulliparous pregnant women attending OPD for antenatal care within first trimester of pregnancy. In all the groups, labor and delivery outcomes were studied along with the mode of delivery and fetal outcome. Result: A total of 330 pregnant women were enrolled in our study. In our study group, 6% of the patients of normal BMI had PIH, 34% of Overweight and 41% of Obese had PIH (P<0.001). Significant results were obtained on comparing failed induction, failure of progress of labour, and shoulder dystocia with increasing BMI (p<0.05). In our study, obese patients had statistically significant incidence of PPH with increasing BMI (P=0.002). In our study, results were statistically significant on comparing APGAR scores with increasing BMI (p=0.045). Conclusion: The present study has shown an association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and the increasing BMI of the mother. There was an insignificant increase in intraoperative complications, wound infection, abnormal fetal heart rate patterns with increasing maternal BMI.
MORBIDITY PROFILE OF NEONATES BORN TO DIABETIC MOTHERS IN A RURAL TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL; Background: According to WHO Fact Sheet, about 422 million people worldwide have diabetes, the majority living in low-and middle-income countries, and 1.6 million deaths are directly attributed to diabetes each year. The prevalence of diabetes mellitus has been increasing over the past few decades. 1Around 463 million adults (20-79 years) were living with diabetes, and by 2045 this will rise to 700 million. To evaluate the morbidity profile of neonates born to diabetic mothers. Materials and Methods: Details of the study methods. Study Design: Observational study, Study Period: 02- Sep-2022 to 20-march-2023, Study Area: Maheshwara Medical College & Hospital, Chitkul village, Hyderabad Source of data: Department of Paediatrics. Study Population: Neonates born to diabetic mothers. Inclusion criteria: All live-born Neonates born to diabetic mothers, Exclusion criteria: Parents who refuse to give informed consent for the study. Sample size: 80.Result: The analysis and interpretation of this study was based on the data collection. The results were compared with the help of descriptive and inferential statistics. The data were compared into excel sheets and analyzed by using STATA. A probability of less than 0.05 was considered as significant. Conclusion: The following conclusions can be drawn from this study. Among the pregnancies complicated by diabetes, GDM continues to have a significant contribution. Hypoglycemia remains the most common biochemical abnormality, followed by hypocalcaemia and hypomagnesemia.
CLINICAL PRESENTATION AND OUTCOME OF EMERGENCY OBSTETRIC HYSTERECTOMY IN A RURAL TERTIARY CARE CENTRE: A CASE SERIES; Background: Emergency Obstetric Hysterectomy (EOH) is surgical removal of the uterus due to life threatening conditions within the puerperium. Post Partum Hemorrhage remains the leading cause. Here we discuss a series of ten cases of Emergency Obstetric Hysterectomy performed in our institute and analyze its cause and outcome. Materials and Methods: A retrospective, record-based study was carried out in Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Thiruvarur Medical College and Hospital, Thiruvarur, Tamilnadu, India, a tertiary care government hospital. Ten patients who underwent emergency obstetric hysterectomy were selected. Labour room register, operation room register for emergency and elective cases, case records, referral slips and mortality register data were reviewed for the same and outcomes were analyzed. Results: Total 10 patients underwent emergency obstetric hysterectomy were included, with the incidence observed at 0.26%. The most common indications were Placenta accreta Spectrum (PAS)- (60%), atonic post-partum hemorrhage (30%), uterine perforation (10%). Previous caesarean section (50%) was the commonest predisposing factors associated with PAS. Total hysterectomy (60%) was observed to be the preferred type of surgery. Out of 10 cases observed one maternal death occurred due to PPH associated with PPCM. Conclusion: The most common indication for obstetric hysterectomy in the past was uterine inertia, which has now been replaced by placenta accreta spectrum.The increasing world-wide incidence of cesarean sectionis now being considered to be responsible for the rising rate of PAS. In our case series also PAS was the most common cause leading to EOH and all these mothers had previous delivery by caesarean section.We conclude that reducing primary caesarean section rate might decrease the incidence of PAS thereby reducing EOH and its morbidity & mortality.
STUDY ON MATERNAL RISK FACTORS AND FETAL OUTCOME IN DELIVERIES WITH MECONIUM STAINED AMNIOTIC FLUID; Background: Meconium is a dark greenish mass of desquamated cells, mucus, and bile that accumulates in the bowel of a fetus and is typically discharged shortly after birth. Meconium-stained amniotic fluid has long been considered to be a bad predictor of fetal outcome. Presence of meconium in amniotic fluid is a potentially serious sign of fetal compromise and associated with poor perinatal outcome. This prospective observational study was undertaken to find out maternal risk factor and fetal outcome in meconium-stained deliveries. The aim of the study is to find the association of risk factors like GHTN, Postdatism, GDM, oligohydramnios, IUGR in fetus who passed meconium in utero. To evaluate fetal outcome in terms of neonatal death. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective observational study. Study period is 2 months (November and December 2021). Conducted at Government Dharmapuri Medical College, Obstetrics and Gynaecology department. Sample size is 100. Study was conducted in patients with cephalic presentation with meconium-stained liquor after spontaneous or artificial rupture of membranes. Amnio infusion with 1 ltr of normal saline was given for all women with Meconium-stained liquor. Labour and fetal heart rate monitoring with CTG was done using partograph and fetal outcome was noted. Result: We noted high risk pregnancies like gestational hypertension (10%), intrauterine growth restriction (5%), gestational diabetes mellitus (2%), oligohydramnios(15%), were associated in fetus with meconium stained liquior. 68% patients had no antenatal high risks. Conclusion: Meconium stained amniotic fluid in found to be associated with maternal risk factors like GHTN(PIH), GDM, IUGR, oligohydraminos and post dated pregnancies. Meconium stained liquor is more commonly associated with caesarean delivery. Continous intrapartum monitoring and immediate intervention with availability of operation theatre and NICu facility might lead to reduction in adverse neonatal outcome in patients with meconium stained amniotic fluid.
Role of liver parameters in diabetes mellitus - A narrative review; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by hyperglycemia and abnormalities in insulin secretion and function. This review article focuses on various liver parameters, including albumin, alanine aminotransferase (ALT), aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphatase (ALP), alpha fetoprotein (AFP), alpha 1 antitrypsin (AAT), ammonia, bilirubin, bile acid, gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), immunoglobulin, lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), and total protein. These parameters play significant roles in the development of different types of diabetes such as type 1 diabetes (T1DM), type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM). The article highlights that low albumin levels may indicate inflammation, while increased ALT and AST levels are associated with liver inflammation or injury, particularly in non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Elevated ALP levels can be influenced by liver inflammation, biliary dysfunction, or bone metabolism changes. High bilirubin levels are independently linked to albuminuria in T1DM and an increased risk of T2DM. Elevated GGT levels are proposed as markers of oxidative stress and liver dysfunction in T2DM. In GDM, decreased serum AFP levels may indicate impaired embryo growth. Decreased AFP levels in T2DM can hinder the detection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Hyperammonemia can cause encephalopathy in diabetic ketoacidosis, and children with T1DM and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder often exhibit higher ammonia levels. T2DM disrupts the regulation of nitrogen-related metabolites, leading to increased blood ammonia levels. Bile acids affect glucose regulation by activating receptors on cell surfaces and nuclei, and changes in bile acid metabolism are observed in T2DM. Increased LDH activity reflects metabolic disturbances in glucose utilization and lactate production, contributing to diabetic complications. Poor glycemic management may be associated with elevated levels of IgA and IgG serum antibodies, and increased immunoglobulin levels are also associated with T2DM.
Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder safely and successfully treated with satralizumab during pregnancy and breastfeeding: a case report; Background: Satralizumab, a monoclonal antibody that recognizes interleukin-6 receptors, is known to reduce the relapse rate in neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD), but its safety during pregnancy has not been established. We present the case of an NMOSD patient who safely completed pregnancy, parturition, and breastfeeding under satralizumab treatment. Importantly, satralizumab transfer to umbilical cord blood, infant serum, or breast milk was not observed. Case presentation: A 37-year-old Japanese female developed anti-aquaporin 4 antibody-positive NMOSD with left optic neuritis. Despite responding to steroid and azathioprine therapy, she experienced moon face and weight gain and desired the prompt reduction of the steroid dosage. She also wanted to conceive a child with a safe and preferably early pregnancy and parturition. Because pregnancy and parturition after the onset of NMOSD elevate the risk of relapse and miscarriage, treatment with satralizumab was initiated with the patient's consent. She experienced normal parturition and continued with satralizumab, steroid, and azathioprine treatments while breastfeeding without experiencing any relapses. Concentrations of satralizumab in the umbilical cord blood, infant serum, and breast milk were below the detection sensitivity. Conclusion: These findings suggest that satralizumab may be safe and effective for the perinatal management of NMOSD, especially when there are concerns about continuing pregnancy and the risk of relapse after parturition.
The Value of Non-invasive Electrocardiography in Assessing Fetal Status at Term Delivery; Background: The electrocardiograph (ECG) is efficient method for the accurate assessment of fetal heart rate. The barriers for accurate assessment are maternal heart rate, uterine contractions and abdominal muscles. Although previous monitoring methods have struggled to overcome these barriers, recent advances have led to a greater degree of success for listening and recording pulse-by-pulse fetal heart rate. Objectives: A prospective cohort study evaluating the use, reliability and safety of non-invasive electrocardiography, in conjunction with Fetal Heart Rate parameters such as, Short Term Variability (STV) together with umbilical cord PH and Apgar score, during the active phase of childbirth. Methods: A total of 41 women with single, normal, full-term pregnancies had systematic obstetric monitoring with Monica AN24. 20 had only monitoring and 21 also had and arterial blood flow measurements. pH was measured and correlated with neonatal Apgar score at 1 and 5 min. The study also included a questionnaire about the safety and usability of obstetric monitoring. Statistical analysis was done using IBM SPSS v. 26.0. Results: Mean age was 28.8 years, (SD ± 6.153). Electrocardiogram recordings (ECG) were classified as normal (71%) and suspicious (29%). Baseline between ECGs was different (p = 0.025) similarly for Short term variability (STV) (p <0.0001). BMI did not differentiate SVT rates. Only high acceleration (p <0.029) and small slowdowns had a statistically significant difference between normal and suspected cardiographs (p <0.029). APGAR score did not differ, whereas the umbilical cord pH was different in normal ECGs compared to the suspect (p = 0.012) and STV was also differentiated. A usability and safety survey was conducted after recording with MONIKA AN24, and the response to whether they would accept recording with the device again, was positive for 96% of the 30 responders. Conclusion: The present study shows that the use of electrocardiography in obstetrics allows to draw conclusions about the fetal hematopoiesis and oxygenation status. This method could be clinically applied and be an important tool for further screening in embryos that may be hypoxic and to decide whether to continue with a vaginal or cesarean delivery, thereby achieving the goal of reducing perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Effects of novel coronavirus Omicron variant infection on pregnancy outcomes: a retrospective cohort study from Guangzhou; Objective: Since 2022, Omicron has been circulating in China as a major variant of the novel coronavirus, but the effects of infection with Omicron variants on pregnant women and newborns are unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the clinical characteristics of Omicron infection during pregnancy and its effect on pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This study retrospectively analyzed the data of 93 confirmed cases of novel coronavirus infection and 109 non-infected patients admitted to the isolation ward of Guangdong Maternal and Child Health Hospital from December 1, 2022 to January 31, 2023, and statistically analyzed the clinical features of Omicron variant infection during pregnancy and its impact on pregnancy outcomes. Further effects of underlying diseases on Omicron infection in pregnant women were analyzed. Results: The incubation period of COVID-19 infection was 0.99±0.86 days, 94.38% of patients had fever or other respiratory symptoms, the lymphocyte count in the infected group was lower than that in the uninfected group, and the lymphocyte count was further reduced in the patients with pregnancy complications or complications. Compared with the uninfected group, APTT and PT were prolonged, platelet count and fibrinogen were decreased in the infected group, all of which had statistical significance. COVID-19 infection during pregnancy increased the rate of cesarean section compared to uninfected pregnant patients, and COVID-19 infection in gestational diabetes resulted in a 4.19-fold increase in cesarean section rate. There was no statistically significant difference in gestational age between the two groups. The incidence of intrauterine distress, turbidity of amniotic fluid and neonatal respiratory distress were higher in the infection group. No positive cases of neonatal COVID-19 infection have been found. Conclusion: The patients infected with omicron during pregnancy often have febrile respiratory symptoms with lymphocyopenia, but the incidence of severe disease is low. Both Omicron infection and gestational diabetes further increase the incidence of cesarean section, and this study found no evidence of vertical transmission of Omicron.
Dyslipidemia of pregnancy in normal and complicated pregnancies. Possibilities of pharmacotherapy; Pathological changes in lipid metabolism are associated with morbidity and mortality not only during gestation but also later in life in mothers and their offspring. These circumstances actualize the study of dyslipidemia and its correction during pregnancy. This article presents an analysis of clinical, randomized and cohort studies, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, clinical cases and guidelines in available full-text publications from PubMed, Elsevier, Scopus, Google Scholar, and E-library for the period 1970–2023. Results. Normal pregnancy is characterized by increasing lipid production that contributes to healthy fetal development. The presence of atherogenic dyslipidemia before pregnancy and during early weeks is marked by high levels of triglycerides and low-density lipoproteins and low levels of high-density lipoproteins, which increases the risk of pathology and adverse pregnancy outcomes, fetal macrosomia, and cardiovascular disease later in life in mothers and their offspring. Pregnancy complications (pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, and diabetes) and maternal obesity may exacerbate adverse changes in lipid profile and clinical outcomes. Current medications used to treat components of the metabolic syndrome include vitamin D (if deficient), probiotics, and omega-3 fatty acids. Fibrates, bile acid sequestrants, metformin and orlistat may be prescribed in certain cases if the benefit of their use exceeds the likelihood of undesirable effects in high-risk pregnant women or in the presence of pregnancy abnormalities.
Histo pathological changes in the placenta of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: - Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic complication in pregnancy affecting the maternal and foetal wellbeing. Aim: - The aim of this original research article is to investigate the histological changes in placenta of GDM and control women. Method: - This study was done in Rama Medical College & Hospital Kanpur. Placenta sample from 100 cases of GDM and 150 of control women collected and histological changes studied. Result: - In this study, the histological changes revealed that Fibrin was in 78% of GDM. Calcification was seen in 42% of GDM. Infarction was found in 4% of GDM, but in control the histological changes revealed Fibrin in 40%, Calcification was 25.3% and Infarction was 4%. Conclusion: - Gestational diabetes mellitus causes significant histological changes.
Congenital heart disease in infant of diabetic mother delivered at Trichy SRM MEDICAL College and Hospital; Introduction: The prevalence of impaired glucose tolerance in pregnancy ranges between 3 and 10% and varies according to the overall prevalence of diabetes. Cardiovascular malformations are among the most common in infant of diabetic mother and more common than in normal pregnancies. In this context, the study was conducted with objective to study neonates born to diabetes mellitus mothers to detect the spectrum of congenital heart disease (CHD) Methodology: This is a cross sectional study conducted among 30 babies born to Diabetic mothers in Trichy SRM medical college and research institute. The semi structured questionnaire was administered to obtain data. All infants underwent thorough physical examination with special attention to cardiovascular system and then pulse oximetry, X ray and Echo cardiogram was conducted. The data collected were entered in Excel and analysed using Epi info version 7 Results: Among 30 infants, 23.3% were having Congenital heart disease. 10% had clinical manifestations and one baby had saturation less than 95%. 2 babies (6.66%) had xray positive changes and 6 babies (80%) had Echo cardio graphic changes. Also poor glycemic status, poor treatment compliance and LGA were significant risk factor of CHD Conclusion: The higher prevalence of CHD in Diabetic mother suggest a need of good glycemic control and treatment compliance in mother during pregnancy. And also there is need of ECHO screening in all babies born to diabetic mothers irrespective of clinical presentation.
Postpartum Diabetes Management; There is an increased prevalence of diabetes in the general population and specifically in women of childbearing potential. The inpatient healthcare team should be prepared to care for women with both pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus. The postpartum period presents a challenge in establishing and maintaining euglycemia. Insulin management and lifestyle modification should be individualized according to the needs of the woman. Diabetes self-management education, lactation support, and other appropriate referrals for additional services should be considered.
Association between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Postpartum Depression among women in Eastern India: A Cohort Study; Background: The purpose of this research was to examine the relationship between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and Postpartum Depression (PPD) in a rural population of Eastern state of India. Material and Methods: Women in their first trimester of pregnancy were recruited and observed for six weeks after delivery. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus was evaluated using a glucose challenge test with 75 grammes of glucose, and PPD was evaluated six weeks after delivery using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale. The statistical significance of differences between variables was determined using the Chi-square test, Fischer's exact test, and the unpaired T-test. Using bivariate and multivariate logistic regression, the association between GDM and PPD was estimated after adjusting for covariates. Results: Out of 218 expectant women recruited, 173 (89.6%) remained in the study. GDM prevalence was 13.1% (95% CI: 10.7–17.3) while PPD prevalence was 9.8% (95% CI: 6.6–12.2). In the GDM group, the incidence of PPD was 14.58% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 4.2–24.9), whereas it was 9.06% (95% CI: 5.76–12.2) in women without GDM. In multivariate logistic regression, however, the association was not significant (Risk Ratio (RR) = 1.56; 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.61–6.16; P-value = 0.50). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that women with GDM are at a greater risk of developing PPD, suggesting that a "at risk" screening strategy should be implemented.
To study the variations of weight of the placenta, insertion, diameter, and spiral turns of the umbilical cord in Gestational diabetes.; Background: As the primary materno-fetal unit, the placenta and umbilical cord (UC) provide fetal life support, welfare, and development by facilitating gas and nutrient exchange. The aim of the study was to study the variations of weight of the placenta, insertion, diameter, and spiral turns of the umbilical cord in GD pregnancy and to compare the same with the uncomplicated or normal pregnancy. Materials & Methods: This research makes use of an observational methodology. After obtaining permission from Institutional Ethics Committee studied at the Department of Anatomy at Indore Medical College & Hospital, Indore. There was a total of 220 human placentas used in this study; 110 were from healthy pregnancies serving as controls, and the remaining 110 were from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia. The morphology of every sample was analyzed. Results: It was determined through statistical analysis that there was no statistically significant difference in diameter between the normal and GD groups (P = 0.39, which is greater than 0.05). Statistically the difference in average weight of placenta between normal and GD group was significant (P = 0.03 which is <0.05). Conclusion: Differences in appearance were observed between normal and GD placentas. Hypoperfusion, a condition associated with GD, appears to be the root cause of these alterations. Larger-scale studies using histological and morphometric techniques on placentas are required before any definitive conclusions can be drawn.
Recent progress in metabolic reprogramming in gestational diabetes mellitus: a review; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a prevalent metabolic disease that can impact the normal course of pregnancy and delivery, leading to adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Its pathogenesis is complex and involves various factors, such as insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction. Metabolic reprogramming, which involves mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation and glycolysis, is crucial for maintaining human metabolic balance and is involved in the pathogenesis and progression of gestational diabetes mellitus. However, research on the link and metabolic pathways between metabolic reprogramming and gestational diabetes mellitus is limited. Therefore, we reviewed the relationship between metabolic reprogramming and gestational diabetes mellitus to provide new therapeutic strategies for maternal health during pregnancy and reduce the risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus.
COMPARISON BETWEEN DIPSI AND IADPSG OGTT CRITERIA AS DIAGNOSTIC TEST FOR DIAGNOSIS OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; BackgroundGestational Diabetes causes several maternal and fetal complications.Recognizing and treating diabetes or any degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications.DIPSI (recommended by FOGSI and validated by MoHFW, India)suggesteda single step testing for GDM. Several studies done in India and abroad have suggested conflicting results as compared to the standard IADPSG 75 gm OGTT. This study compares the efficacy of the sensitivity and specificity of DIPSI OGTT as against gold standard IADPSG OGTT criteria. Material and MethodA prospective Diagnostic Evaluation Study carried out on 450 Antenatal patients at a zonal hospital in Eastern India.All participants were subjected to OGTT test by both IADPSG& DIPSI criteria on two separate occasions 7 days apart in the 1st trimester as well as between 24 to 28 weeks.DIPSI results were compared between 75 patients who were positive & 75 patients who were negative by IADPSG criteria. Sensitivity and specificity were calculated.ResultsSensitivity and Specificity of DIPSI OGTT as against IADPSG OGTT was found to be 90% and 100% respectively. Conclusion The best approach to screen for Gestational Diabetes is undoubtedly the IADPSG Criteria as recommended by WHO.However in resource poor and developing countries like India, DIPSI criteria is also a good alternative to the IADPSG criteria. Larger multicentric multinational studies are required to establish the diagnostic efficacy of DIPSI as an equally efficacious alternative to the standard IADPSG OGTT.
Pre-pregnancy body mass index combined with peripheral blood PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA in a risk prediction model for pre-eclampsia; Objective: This study analyzes the levels of peripheral blood placental growth factor (PLGF), body mass index (BMI), decorin (DCN), lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), uric acid (UA), and clinical indicators of patients with preeclampsia (PE), and establishes a predictive risk model of PE, which can provide a reference for early and effective prediction of PE. Methods: 81 cases of pregnant women with PE who had regular prenatal checkups and delivered in Jinshan Branch of Shanghai Sixth People’s Hospital from June 2020 to December 2022 were analyzed, and 92 pregnant women with normal pregnancies who had their antenatal checkups and delivered at the hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. Clinical data and peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, and UA were recorded, and the two groups were subjected to univariate screening and multifactorial logistic regression analysis. Based on the screening results, the diagnostic efficacy of PE was evaluated using the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Risk prediction nomogram model was constructed using R language. The Bootstrap method (self-sampling method) was used to validate and produce calibration plots; the decision curve analysis (DCA) was used to assess the clinical benefit rate of the model. Results: There were statistically significant differences in age, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational weight gain, history of PE or family history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, and history of renal disease between the two groups (P < 0.05). The results of multifactorial binary logistic stepwise regression revealed that peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA, and pre-pregnancy BMI were independent influences on the occurrence of PE (P < 0.05). The area under the curve of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA levels and pre-pregnancy BMI in the detection of PE was 0.952, with a sensitivity of 0.901 and a specificity of 0.913, which is better than a single clinical diagnostic indicator. The results of multifactor analysis were constructed as a nomogram model, and the mean absolute error of the calibration curve of the modeling set was 0.023, suggesting that the predictive probability of the model was generally compatible with the actual value. DCA showed the predictive model had a high net benefit in the range of 5% to 85%, suggesting that the model has clinical utility value. Conclusion: The occurrence of PE is related to the peripheral blood levels of PLGF, DCN, LDH, UA and pre-pregnancy BMI, and the combination of these indexes has a better clinical diagnostic value than a single index. The nomogram model constructed by using the above indicators can be used for the prediction of PE and has high predictive efficacy.
Risk factors for postpartum hemorrhage in twin pregnancies with cesarean section; The rates of twin pregnancies and cesarean section have increased in recent years, and both of them are at high risks of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). However, few studies have concentrated on the risks of PPH in twin pregnancies and cesarean deliveries. In this study, we aimed to identify the risk factors for PPH among twin-pregnant women with cesarean section. This was a retrospective observational study including 1,649 women with twin pregnancies delivered by cesarean section from 2016 to 2022 in the Second Affiliated Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University, China. The eligible women were divided into PPH group (n = 116) and non-PPH group (n = 1,533) according to the blood loss after delivery within 24 h. The baseline maternal and perinatal characteristics were compared between the two groups. Logistic regression analysis was conducted to identify the potential risk factors for PPH. We found nulliparity, assisted reproductive technology (ART) usage, preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome, placenta previa, placenta accreta and general anesthesia were more common in PPH group than non-PPH group (P < 0.05). Women in PPH group had higher maternal body mass index at delivery and higher combined birthweight of the twins than non-PPH group, but had lower parity (P < 0.05). Seven independent risk factors for PPH were identified after logistic regression analysis: ART usage (OR 2.354 95% CI 1.357–4.083, P = 0.002), preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome (OR 2.605, 95% CI 1.471–4.616, P = 0.001), placenta previa (OR 7.325, 95% CI 3.651–14.697, P < 0.001), placenta accreta (OR 6.296, 95% CI 1.316–30.12, P = 0.021), thrombocytopenia (OR 1.636, 95% CI 1.056–2.535, P = 0.027), general anesthesia (OR 2.394, 95% CI 1.223–4.686, P = 0.011), and combined birthweight (OR 1.00032, 95% CI 1.00005–1.00059, P = 0.020). Collectively, in women with twin pregnancies delivered by cesarean section, the use of ART, preeclampsia or HELLP syndrome, placenta previa, placenta accreta, thrombocytopenia, general anesthesia and the combined birthweight were identified as independent risk factors for PPH. More attention should be paid to women with these risk factors.
Micronized Progesterone or Dydrogesterone? A Comparative Study on the Effects of Two Forms of Progesterone on Pregnancy Outcomes After Threatened Abortion; Background: A significant number of pregnancies are at risk of threatened abortion (TA). Different types of progesterone are used to treat TA. Objectives: In this study, the effects of 2 forms of progesterone on the continuation of pregnancy and TA-caused pregnancy outcomes were compared. Methods: A total of 190 women with a gestational age of 6 - 13 weeks presenting with uterine bleeding, closed cervix, and absence of fetal heart rate diagnosed by vaginal examination and ultrasound were allocated into 2 groups and treated with either (D) dydrogesterone (10 mg twice a day) or (M) micronized progesterone (200 mg, twice a day) for beyond 2 weeks after the cessation of uterine bleeding to ensure that bleeding would not recur. The participants were followed up and received prenatal care until the end of pregnancy. The outcomes of pregnancy were recorded and compared between the 2 groups. Results: The incidence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, intrauterine fetal death (IUFD), placenta previa, and abortion was not significantly different between the 2 groups. However, the prevalence of preterm labor and low birth weight (LBW) was significantly lower in M-treated women (P < 0.001 and P= 0.007, respectively). The baby’s weight and gestational age at delivery were significantly higher in the M group than in the D group (P < 0.001). No serious drug side effects were observed in the 2 groups throughout the study. Conclusions: The results of this study showed that the incidence of preterm labor and LBW was significantly lower in the patients treated with micronized progesterone than in patients treated with dydrogesterone; however, the prevalence of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, IUFD, and abortion was not significantly different between the 2 groups.
Obstetric Medicine: the protocol for a prospective three-dimensional cohort study to assess maternity care for women with pre-existing conditions (ForMaT); Background: Pregnancies in women with pre-existing medical conditions are on the rise. These pregnancies are characterized by an increased rate of maternal and perinatal complications, which can result in higher health care expenditures and altered pregnancy experiences. The purpose of this study is to integrally analyze maternity care for women with pre-existing conditions in the framework of a risk-adapted, interdisciplinary care by recording three substantial parts of maternity care: (1) maternal and perinatal outcome; (2) hospital costs and reimbursements covering the period from preconception counseling or initial antenatal visit to discharge after birth; and (3) women’s experience of reproductive choice and becoming a mother in the presence of a pre-existing condition. Methods: In this observational, prospective, longitudinal, and monocentric cohort study, we aim to include a total of 1,500 women over a recruitment period of 15 months. Women registering for care at the Department of Obstetrics and Prenatal Medicine, University Hospital Bonn, Germany, are allocated to three groups based on their health and risk status: women with pre-existing conditions, as well as healthy women with obstetric risk factor and healthy women with a low-risk pregnancy. Participants are observed from time of initial consultation until discharge after birth. Analysis focuses on (1) maternal and perinatal outcome, especially rate of severe maternal and neonatal morbidity; (2) costs and reimbursements; and (3) surveys to capture of women’s experience and health-related quality of life during the time of reproductive choice, pregnancy, and childbirth in the presence of pre-existing medical conditions. Discussion: With its complex three-dimensional design, the ForMaT-Trial is aiming to provide a comprehensive analysis of pregnancy and childbirth in women with pre-existing conditions. The results may serve as a basis for counseling and care of these women. By analyzing costs of specialized care, data for discussing reimbursement are generated. Lastly, our results may increase awareness for the perception of reproductive choice, pregnancy and motherhood in this continuously rising population. Clinical trial registration: German Clinical Trials Register, DRKS00030061, October 28, 2022.
Examination of neonatal morbidity and mortality in low-birth-weight neonats in an intensive care unit; Background: The most common cause of newborn morbidity is prematurity, especially in very low birth weight (VLBW) infants. The World Health Organisation (WHO) defines very low birth weight neonates as those that weigh less than 1500g at birth, regardless of gestational age. Birth weight is the most important predictor of health problems during pregnancy, delivery and the newborn period. Methods: The Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of the Department of Paediatrics, Vishwanharathi Medical College & General Hospital R T Nagar Near Penchikalapadu, Kurnool, Andhra Pradesh, India was the site of this prospective cohort study. From March 2022 to February 2023, all very low birth weight (VLBW) newborns admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit were included in this study. Results: Hospitalised infants with very low birth weights (LBW) total 315 in this study. The most common maternal risk factor for VLBW is hypertension during pregnancy, followed by anaemia. Most mothers are economically marginal. The result is poor nutrition, anaemia, and babies born with low body mass index. Conclusion: Very low birth weight infants could be prevented with better nutritional guidance to prevent anaemia. It is important to improve antenatal steroid treatment. Most deaths occurred due to sepsis and RDS. Most infant deaths can be traced back to premature birth.
‘’Study of thyroid level in Indian pregnant women’s’’; Introduction- Thyroid dysfunction is a common disorder in pregnancy which affects both maternal and fetal outcomes. There are very less and limited data on prevalence of hypothyroidism during pregnancy from India because no such big study done till now. this study done to define cut off value of serum TSH level in Indian pregnant women as hypothyroid and maternal and fetal outcomes. This study was planned to establish a lower cut off value for serum TSH to diagnose hypothyroidism in Indian pregnant women. Material and Methods - This is a prospective and retrospective cohort study conducted in a period of 1.5 years between September 2021 to April 2023, in the department of Obstetrics & Gynecology GMC Shahdol in 1000 pregnant women’s who comes in antenatal checkup in opd. All healthy pregnant women with singleton pregnancy willing to participate in the study were enrolled. Women which have multiple pregnancy, known chronic medical disorder like diabetes, hypertension, any autoimmune disorder with hyperthyroidism or known hypothyroidism, bad obstetric history with a known cause are excluded from study. However, there are few limitations of this study. We have not assessed trimester specific ranges. Follow up beyond newborn period was not possible because after discharge most infants either did not come for follow up or they were seen in pediatric clinic. We did not carry out thyroid examination using ultrasound, and we have not evaluated other causes of hypothyroidism in these women. All pregnant women underwent ELISA TSH assay. Women with serum TSH >6.2mIU/L underwent Free Thyroxin (FT4) estimation and labelled as overt hypothyroid (OH) (group I) or subclinical hypothyroid (SCH) (group II). Women with serum TSH between 3-6.2mIU/L & 0.4-3mIU/L were labelled as group III & control. Foeto-maternal outcomes were compared between group I,II,III & controls Result - The prevalence of SCH & OH was 6.4% and 3.8%. Pre-eclampsia, gestational DM & IUFD in group I and foetal distress in group II developed in significantly higher number of women (p=0.009, p=0.002, p=0.002 & p=0.004 respectively) Foeto-maternal variables assessed in group III none was significantly different from control group. Conclusion –. There is a high prevalence of hypothyroidism and adverse foeto-maternal outcome is more commonly associated with OH as compared to SCH. TSH 3-6.2mIU/L may be taken as normal during pregnancy in the Indian population. We recommend a higher cut off for serum TSH to diagnose hypothyroidism ie >6.2mIU/L in Indian pregnant women. The strong point of this study is that we have included large number of subjects from India. From this study we know the level of thyroid cut off level in Indian pregnant women’s which can be used for diagnosis and treatment of this disorder.
Multigenerational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes (GDM) changes the maternal metabolic and uterine environment, thus increasing the risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes for both mother and child. Children of mothers who have GDM during their pregnancy are more likely to develop Type 2 Diabetes (T2D), early-onset cardiovascular disease and GDM when they themselves become pregnant, perpetuating a multigenerational increased risk of metabolic disease. The negative effect of GDM is exacerbated by maternal obesity, which induces a greater derangement of fetal adipogenesis and growth. Multiple factors, including genetic, epigenetic and metabolic, which interact with lifestyle factors and the environment, are likely to contribute to the development of GDM. Genetic factors are particularly important, with 30% of women with GDM having at least one parent with T2D. Fetal epigenetic modifications occur in response to maternal GDM, and may mediate both multi- and transgenerational risk. Changes to the maternal metabolome in GDM are primarily related to fatty acid oxidation, inflammation and insulin resistance. These might be effective early biomarkers allowing the identification of women at risk of GDM prior to the development of hyperglycaemia. The impact of the intra-uterine environment on the developing fetus, “developmental programming”, has a multisystem effect, but its influence on adipogenesis is particularly important as it will determine baseline insulin sensitivity, and the response to future metabolic challenges. Identifying the critical window of metabolic development and developing effective interventions are key to our ability to improve population metabolic health.
Case report: Early molecular confirmation and sodium polystyrene sulfonate management of systemic pseudohypoaldosteronism type I; Introduction: Type 1 pseudohypoaldosteronism (PHA) consists of resistance to aldosterone. Neonatal presentation is characterized by salt wasting, hyperkalemia, and metabolic acidosis with high risk of mortality. Type 1 PHA can be autosomal dominant (renal type 1) or autosomal recessive (systemic type 1). Renal PHA type 1 can be feasibly managed with salt supplementation; however, systemic PHA type 1 tends to have more severe electrolyte imbalance and can be more refractory to treatment. Case Presentation: We present a case of a 3-year-old girl with systemic PHA type 1, diagnosed and confirmed molecularly in infancy, who has been successfully managed with sodium polystyrene sulfonate decanted into feeds along with sodium supplementation. On day 5 of life, a full-term female infant presented to the ED for 2 days of non-bloody, non-bilious emesis, along with hypothermia to 94°F. Laboratory results were notable for hyponatremia (Na) of 127, hyperkalemia (K) of 7.9, and acidosis with bicarbonate level of 11.2. Genetic testing ordered within a week of life confirmed PHA type 1 with a homozygous pathogenic frameshift variant in SCNN1A c.575delA (p.Arg192GlyfsX57). Sodium polystyrene sulfonate and feeds were decanted until the age of 16 months, and she was also continued on NaCl supplementation. She was gradually transitioned to directly administered sodium polystyrene sulfonate without any electrolyte issues. She has overall done well after gastrostomy-tube (G-tube) placement without severe hyperkalemia even with several hospitalizations for gastrointestinal or respiratory illnesses. Discussion/Conclusion: A treatment approach to systemic PHA and sodium polystyrene sulfonate administration in neonates and infants is described.
Profile of Pregnant women of 30-34 weeks’ gestation attending Antenatal clinic; Pathophysiological and Clinical Pregnancy is associated with physiologic changes at the level of the uterine vasculature, resulting in a progressive decrease in impedance with advancing gestation. The study group will comprise all pregnant women at 30-34 weeks, who fulfill the inclusion criteria, coming for antenatal screening, to the Obstetrics out-patient department of Hospital after taking written and informed consent. These women were evaluated with ultrasound Doppler study with other routine investigations and CPR were calculated. In the present study, at the time of performing Doppler study, 1.5% had gestational diabetes mellitus, 1.5% had type 2 DM, 1.7% had preeclampsia, 1.22% had gestational hypertension and 0.49% had chronic hypertension. 25% of the patients who had gestational hypertension were associated with Gestational diabetes mellitus and 12% women who developed preeclampsia also were associated with Gestational diabetes mellitus.
Outcome in late onset IUGR babies, associated with risk factors; Despite remarkable differences in the severity of the fetal disease, early- and late-onset FGRs are both associated with poor long-term outcome from neurodevelopmental, cardiovascular and metabolic standpoints. This supports the notion that regardless of the severity, chronic exposure to adverse intrauterine environment is critical to determine adverse fetal programming. Women were categorized into high risk and low risk pregnancies and were followed up till delivery and fetal outcome were noted. Fetal arterial blood PH were noted and correlated with the fetal outcome. In the present study, out of 78 high risk cases, there were total 21 cases of late onset IUGR. There were 3 cases of IUGR associated with preeclampsia, mean POG at birth was 36 weeks, among them 2 had vaginal delivery and 1 underwent LSCS. Two babies had normal CPR and one baby had abnormal CPR. Two babies had abnormal ABG. Birth weights were less than 2.5kg. Mean duration of NICU stay was 6.6 days. No babies were ventilated.
Interdisciplinary fetal-neonatal neurology training applies neural exposome perspectives to neurology principles and practice; An interdisciplinary fetal-neonatal neurology (FNN) program over the first 1,000 days teaches perspectives of the neural exposome that are applicable across the life span. This curriculum strengthens neonatal neurocritical care, pediatric, and adult neurology training objectives. Teaching at maternal-pediatric hospital centers optimally merges reproductive, pregnancy, and pediatric approaches to healthcare. Phenotype–genotype expressions of health or disease pathways represent a dynamic neural exposome over developmental time. The science of uncertainty applied to FNN training re-enforces the importance of shared clinical decisions that minimize bias and reduce cognitive errors. Trainees select mentoring committee participants that will maximize their learning experiences. Standardized questions and oral presentations monitor educational progress. Master or doctoral defense preparation and competitive research funding can be goals for specific individuals. FNN principles applied to practice offer an understanding of gene–environment interactions that recognizes the effects of reproductive health on the maternal-placental-fetal triad, neonate, child, and adult. Pre-conception and prenatal adversities potentially diminish life-course brain health. Endogenous and exogenous toxic stressor interplay (TSI) alters the neural exposome through maladaptive developmental neuroplasticity. Developmental disorders and epilepsy are primarily expressed during the first 1,000 days. Communicable and noncommunicable illnesses continue to interact with the neural exposome to express diverse neurologic disorders across the lifespan, particularly during the critical/sensitive time periods of adolescence and reproductive senescence. Anomalous or destructive fetal neuropathologic lesions change clinical expressions across this developmental-aging continuum. An integrated understanding of reproductive, pregnancy, placental, neonatal, childhood, and adult exposome effects offers a life-course perspective of the neural exposome. Exosome research promises improved disease monitoring and drug delivery starting during pregnancy. Developmental origins of health and disease principles applied to FNN practice anticipate neurologic diagnoses with interventions that can benefit successive generations. Addressing health care disparities in the Global South and high-income country medical deserts require constructive dialogue among stakeholders to achieve medical equity. Population health policies require a brain capital strategy that reduces the global burden of neurologic diseases by applying FNN principles and practice. This integrative neurologic care approach will prolong survival with an improved quality of life for persons across the lifespan confronted with neurological disorders.
Maternal obesity induced metabolic disorders in offspring and myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulation; Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes are associated with childhood obesity and increased cardiovascular risk. In this review, we will discuss and summarize extensive clinical and experimental studies that metabolically imbalanced environment exposure in early life plays a critical role in influencing later susceptibility to chronic inflammatory diseases and metabolic syndrome. The effect of maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, including gestational diabetes cause Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) children to link future development of adverse health issues such as obesity, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease by immune reprogramming to adverse micro-environment. This review also addresses intrauterine environment-driven myeloid reprogramming by epigenetic regulations and the epigenetic markers as an underlying mechanism. This will facilitate future investigations regarding maternal-to-fetal immune regulation and the epigenetic mechanisms of obesity and cardiovascular diseases.
Consensus document of the Spanish Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (SEGO) and the Spanish Interdisciplinary Committee for Vascular Prevention (CEIPV). Opportunity window: vascular risk prevention in women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes and risk of vascular disease.; This document summarises the evidence regarding the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, fetal growth defects (small for gestational age and/or fetal growth restriction), placental abruption, fetal loss, and the risk that a pregnant individual in developing vascular risk factors (VR) that may lead to future vascular disease (VD): coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure. Furthermore, this document emphasises the importance of recognising APOs when assessing VR in women. A history of APOs serves as a sufficient indicator for primary prevention of VD. In fact, adopting a healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting during pregnancy and/or postpartum, and maintaining it throughout life are significant interventions that can reduce VR. On the other hand, breastfeeding can also reduce the future VR of women, including a lower risk of mortality. Future studies evaluating the use of aspirin, statins, and metformin, among others, in women with a history of APOs could strengthen recommendations regarding pharmacotherapy for primary prevention of VD in these patients. Various healthcare system options exist to improve the transition of care for women with APOs between different healthcare professionals and implement long-term VR reduction strategies. One potential process could involve incorporating the fourth-trimester concept into clinical recommendations and healthcare policies.
Evaluation of effect of diabetes mellitus of pregnancy on selected red cell parameters; Background and Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) presents notable health risks to both mothers and infants, primarily attributed to insulin resistance associated with oxidative stress resulting from excessive iron levels. This study aimed to compare the levels of hemoglobin and packed cell volume (PCV) between pregnant women with and without GDM, as these indicators reflect the body's iron status. By examining the relationship between hemoglobin, PCV, and GDM, this research seeks to enhance the understanding of this condition during pregnancy, leading to improved management and preventive strategies. Materials & methods: A case-control study at an Indian tertiary care center included 95 cases (GDM-diagnosed pregnant women) and 105 controls (non-GDM pregnant women). Hemoglobin and PCV levels were measured using venepuncture and automated analysis. Data collection involved a validated questionnaire, and iron supplementation was provided to all participants. Chi-square analysis was used to evaluate the association between elevated hemoglobin and PCV levels and GDM risk (p ≤ 0.05). Results: A significant difference in hemoglobin levels was observed between the cases and controls, highlighting a notable distinction. Furthermore, the cases demonstrated significantly higher PCV values compared to the controls. Conclusion: The research study revealed a statistically significant correlation between elevated maternal hemoglobin levels and PCV with GDM.
BODY WEIGHT'S IMPACT ON PREGNANCY'S RESULTS; Background and objectives: To research the relationship between maternal problems and BMI throughout early pregnancy. To ascertain the relationship between early pregnancy BMI and delivery results. To examine the impact of early pregnancy BMI on the outcome of the newborn. To assess the relationship between gestational weight growth and early pregnancy BMI. To assess the possibility of negative maternal and foetal outcomes in women with excessive BMI levels. Method: 320 pregnant women with singleton, uncomplicated pregnancies who were scheduled at Department of O&G, govt- medical college and hospital, Namakkal district, Tamil nadu state, India between the first 12 weeks of gestation between April 2022 to March 2023 participated in a prospective observational study. Result: Frequency and percentage distribution are shown in the table above. 50.3% of individuals had normal BMIs. Overweight participants comprised 24.6%.Obesity was 10.6%. Underweight women comprised 14.3% of the population. PIH was most common in obese patients (30.43%) and women with normal BMI (0.7%).Using chi-square analysis. X 2 = 14.73, p 0.01) showed a strong association between BMI and PIH. Compared to women with normal BMI, obese women had the most LGA kids. Most SGA kids were born to underweight women. Chi-square analysis was done. Birth weight was significantly correlated with BMI. (X2 =38.598, p<0.001). Conclusion: BMI strongly correlated with worse maternal outcomes in this study. Underweight mothers had low Apgar scores, anaemia, lower fluid volume, and higher rates of caesarean sections. Overweight and obese women had a higher risk of adverse maternal outcomes like gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, increased liquor volume, PPROM, instrumental deliveries and caesarean sections, postpartum complications like postpartum haemorrhage and delayed wound healing, and delivering LGA babies with low Apgar scores. Overweight and obese women gained the most weight, whereas underweight women gained the least. The relative risk of various pregnancy outcomes in high- and low-BMI patients was also assessed and supported.
INCIDENCE OF OLIGOHYDRAMNIOS IN THE THIRD TRIMESTER OF PREGNANCY AND ITS EFFECTS ON THE FOETUS; Background and objective: To define oligohydramnios with respect to age, parity, gestational age distribution, maternal morbidity, and perinatal morbidity. Method: The Department of OG, government Mohan Kumaramangalam medical college hospital, Salem, Tamil nadu, India conducted a prospective study. For 12,000 third-trimester prenatal moms participating in the trial, a history, clinical examination, and ultrasound were performed to determine the amniotic fluid index. Analyses of the results were conducted on 200 patients who had oligoamnios and were monitored. Result: It was 36.7+/- 4.1 weeks on average for gestation. It was 3 +/- 1.04cm on average for the amniotic fluid index. 24 percent of cases had gestational hypertension. 18.8% of pregnancies were postdated. Intrauterine growth limitation occurred 15.3% of the time. Vaginal births were just 37.6 % of births, whereas caesarean sections were performed 59.4% of the time. In 16.47% and 17.05% of babies, respectively, an Apgar score of less than 7 was recorded at 1 minute. 3.7 % of infants died in the first year. Conclusion: All oligohydramnios instances necessitate thorough prenatal testing, parental counselling, and individualised decisions on birth time and method. A better perinatal outcome requires ongoing intrapartum foetal monitoring and excellent newborn care.
Correlation Of Severity Of Asphyxia And Serum Magnesium Level; Background and Objectives- Asphyxia has been shown to be the third most common cause of neonatal death (11%) after preterm birth (24%) and severe infections (12%). Perinatal asphyxia is an end result of significant degree of global hypoxic ischemia during the time of birth. Lack of oxygen delivery from this episode often leads to multiorgan failure. A variety of markers have been examined to identify perinatal hypoxia but studies for early determination of tissue damages due to birth asphyxia are still lacking. Magnesium, the second most common intracellular cation, may play a role in neuroprotection for neonate with perinatal asphyxia. The initial event resulting in fetal hypoxia leading to decreased cardiac output and subsequent decreased cerebral blood flow sets off a cascade of events resulting in brain injury. Methods- This observational cross-sectional study was undertaken in Department of Pediatrics in GMSH-16 in Chandigarh from January, 2021 to June, 2021. The term babies (37 - 41 weeks of gestation) were included in the study. Newborn with congenital anomaly, diabetic mother, small for date babies (IUGR) and mother receiving magnesium therapy during labour were excluded from the study. Sample size was justified with 46 cases. Analysis of data were conducted using IBM SPSS statistical software (version 22.0). Results- With due consideration of all inclusion and exclusion criteria total 46 cases were included in the study. Out of 46 newborns, mild to moderated asphyxia and severe asphyxia were presenting 32(69.6%) & 14(30.4%) cases respectively and HIE I were 20 (43.5%), HIE II were 16 (34.8%) and HIE III were 10 (21.7%). The mean serum magnesium level in neonate with mild to moderate asphyxia was and in neonate with severe asphyxia was respectively (independent, t-test, p=0.001) . Serum magnesium was significantly low in severe birth asphyxia as compare to mild to moderate birth asphyxia (p= 0.001). There was a significant difference in serum magnesium between the HIE stages (ANOVA, p=0.001). Serum magnesium level was significantly low in HIE stage 3. On post-hoc test, the difference in serum magnesium between HIE 1 and HIE 2 was not statistically significant (p=0.398), The difference in serum magnesium between HIE 1 & 3 and HIE 2 & HIE 3 was however statistically significant (p=0.003 and p=0.009, respectively). Hypomagnesaemia was found in 3(15%) neonates in HIE stage I, 3(18.8%) neonates in HIE stage II, 8(80%) neonates in HIE stage III. Hypomagnesaemia was significant in all stages of HIE (ANOVA, p=0.001). Hypomagnesemia was significantly more in HIE stage III as compared to HIE stage I and II (Chi-square test, P=0.001). There was a significant correlation between serum magnesium and Apgar score at 1 minute (Pearson's correlation coefficient, r=0.518, P=0.001). The correlation between serum magnesium and Apgar score at 5 minutes was also statistically significant (Pearson's correlation coefficient, r=0.379, P=0.009). Conclusion- Neonates with severe asphyxia and Hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) grade III have significant hypomagnesemia. Asphyxia can lead to hypomagnesemia, and it is recommended to evaluate levels of magnesium in neonates with asphyxia as a routine test.
To study etiological profile and outcome of respiratory distress in distress in neonates in tertiary care center; Respiratory diseases are the major cause of neonatal mortality (0-7 days of age), the leading cause of morbidity in newborns, and the most common reason for admission to the special care nursery for both term and preterm infants. The aim of the study is to study different underlying causes of respiratory distress and to find out factors associated with the neonatal outcomes. It is a hospital based observational study between June 2021 to August 2021. This study was conducted on 184 neonates at Neonatal Units of Department of Pediatric medicine, SPMCH hospital, S.M.S. Medical College Jaipur (Rajasthan). Assessing the clinical outcome may benefit from a clinical examination of severe respiratory distress using the Downes and Anderson scores for term and preterm infants, respectively. Low birth weight and a late preterm gestational period were fetal risk factors. A better result for the newborn can be achieved with proper antenatal care, early detection of antenatal complications, and avoiding preterm deliveries. Early detection and appropriate management of the condition is essential to ensure better outcome in all the infants presenting with respiratory distress. The same study needs to be conducted in community-based settings with additional samples from different centers, and the meta-analysis will show the full range of respiratory distress in our neighbourhood.
Quantitative evaluation of left ventricular systolic function in hyperglycemia during pregnancy by left ventricular pressure-strain loop; Objective To detect the changes of left ventricular myocardial work parameters, and evaluate the left ventricular systolic function in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy by left ventricular pressure-strain loop (PSL). Methods From June 2021 to March 2022, 97 pregnant women who were admitted to the Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University and clinically diagnosed as gestational hyperglycemia were prospectively and randomly selected. According to the blood glucose level, the patients were divided into gestational dominant diabetes mellitus (ODM) group(39 cases) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group(58 cases). Meanwhile, another 62 healthy pregnant women were selected as control group. The basic clinical data of the pregnant women were collected, and the conventional two-dimensional parameters of the heart were collected. The global longitudinal strain (GLS) was analyzed by two-dimensional speckle tracking technique. Then the cuff blood pressure was used as the left ventricular pressure to construct a non-invasive left ventricular pressure-strain loop. The global myocardial work index (GWI), global constructive work (GCW), global wasted work (GWW) and global work efficiency (GWE) of each group were calculated and compared. The correlation between myocardial performance parameters and GLS, glycated hemoglobin(HbA1c) were analyzed, and the independent factors affecting left ventricular systolic function were obtained by Logistic regression analysis. Twenty cases were randomly selected from the study subjects, and the intraclass correlation coefficients(ICC) of within the observers and between observers were calculated for repeatability test. Results ①Conventional ultrasound parameters: There were no significant differences among the three groups (all P>0.05). ②GLS and left ventricular myocardial performance parameters: GWI, GWE, GCW and GLS in GDM and ODM groups were significantly lower than those in control group (allP<0.001), GWW was significantly higher than control group (P<0.001); GWI, GWE, GCW and GLS in ODM group were lower than those in GDM group (allP<0.001), while GWW was higher than control group (P<0.001). ③GWE, GWI and GCW were negatively correlated with GLS (r=-0.525, - 0.408, -0.435; all P<0.05), GWW was positively correlated with GLS (r=0.348, P<0.05). GWE, GWI and GCW were negatively correlated with HbA1c (r=-0.325, - 0.262, -0.250; all P<0.05), while GWW was positively correlated with HbA1c (r=0.175, P<0.05). GWE, 1 h oral glucose tolerance test and HbA1c were the influencing factors of left ventricular systolic function in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy. ⑤The predictive values of GWI, GWE, GCW, GWW and GLS for cardiac function in patients with gestational hyperglycemia were high, and the predictive value of GWE was the highest (AUC: 0.87, the best truncation value: 94.5%, specificity: 0.76, sensitivity: 0.82) and better than GLS. The repeatability of myocardial work parameters was better in both groups. Conclusions Myocardial work parameters obtained by PSL are early and sensitive parameters for evaluating left ventricular systolic function impairment in patients with hyperglycemia during pregnancy which can provide reliable and objective quantitative indicators for early clinical intervention and improvement of prognosis.
Irisin: A myokine with therapeutic and diagnostic potential in clinical dentistry; Irisin is a novel adipomyokine which has extensive systemic and local effects in different tissues of the body. The scientific interest in understanding the physiological roles of irisin in the body has increased tremendously in the past few years due to its vast therapeutic potential in different fields of medicine. The current narrative review was planned to describe the molecular mechanisms by which irisin regulates oral hard and soft tissues. The information gleaned provided useful insights for future researchers to investigate newly discovered roles of irisin in craniofacial health and disease, and to explore the potential of irisin as a promising therapeutic and diagnostic agent in clinical dentistry.
A CROSS-SECTIONAL STUDY TO FIND A CORRELATION OF ULTRASONOGRAPHIC ESTIMATION OF FETAL WEIGHT WITH ACTUAL BIRTH WEIGHT AS SEEN IN A TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL IN RURAL RAJASTHAN.; Background/Objectives: Fetal growth is a complex process that involves a myriad of interactions between maternal, fetal, and placental factors. It is a critical aspect of prenatal care, as it is a significant determinant of neonatal survival and can help manage high-risk pregnancies[1]. The accurate assessment of fetal weight is crucial for fetuses with suspected significant deviations of intrauterine growth. Materials and Methods: Ultrasound was measured sonographically in 97 fetuses between 34 and 42 weeks of gestation. The sonographic examination and delivery were done in singleton pregnancies. The weight of newborns was measured immediately after delivery. Results: The age distribution of pregnant mothers is found to be highest among 25-35 years at 59.8%, followed by 18-25 years at 38.14% and the least with only two cases above 35 years age group. The mean age is 26.6 years with a standard deviation of ±4.58 years.The mean fetal weight is 2970g ±460.4g with the median for the data set being 2900g. There was a significant positive correlation between the ultrasound estimation of fetal weight and actual birth weight (r = 0.78, P < 0.001). Conclusion: Our study reveals a strong positive correlation between estimated ultrasound fetal weight in relation to actual birth weight.
A case of vitamin B12 deficiency in an exclusively breastfed child.; Vitamin B12 deficiency in infants is a serious concern due to its role in neurological development and hematopoiesis. This deficiency often arises from inadequate intake, necessitating early diagnosis to prevent enduring neurological consequences. We present the case of a 14-month-old girl exclusively breastfed until her presentation with symptoms of asthenia and psychomotor regression. Clinical examination revealed macrocephaly, peripheral hypotonia, and abolished reflexes. Laboratory tests identified macrocytic anemia, neutropenia, and elevated homocysteine levels. Vitamin B12 levels were significantly low. Investigations on the mother showed no anaemia and a vitamin B12-level at the lower range of normal. The child received intramuscular vitamin B12 and well-diversified diet. The evolution was favourable with normal examination at the age of 18 months old. This case underscores the importance of considering vitamin B12 deficiency in breastfed infants with neurological and hematological abnormalities, even when maternal vitamin B12 levels appear normal. Long-term neurological outcomes remain uncertain, emphasizing the need for vigilance in diagnosis and management.
Epigenetic mechanisms of intrauterine fetal senescence: little-known effects of hyperhomocysteinemia during pregnancy; Today, a whole body of evidence base has been formed showing the negative effect of hyperhomocysteinemia (HHС) during pregnancy on the intrauterine fetal development: risk factors associated with development of congenital neural tube defects, congenital heart defects and non-syndromic oral facial clefts. In addition, numerous studies have shown that HHС is a risk factor for serious pregnancy complications such as repeated pregnancy loss, preterm birth, preeclampsia, placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus. At the same time, despite multiple clinical and experimental studies, the significance of HHС effects continues to support the interest to this issue. In recent years, new data were revealed about little-known phenomena pregnancy-associated maternal HHС such as "epigenetic fetal aging" and "fetal atherogenesis". Epigenetic aging is an individual indicator of aging that captures interindividual differences at disease onset throughout life occurring during intrauterine development being reveaked as DNA hypomethylation. Moderate HHС during pregnancy causes fetal DNA hypomethylation, which, according to recent research, may represent the main mechanism underlying health in childhood and adulthood. "Fetal atherogenesis" is another understudied HHС effect emphasizing that the formation of atherosclerotic plaques begins not in adulthood, but in utero. A body of studies has shown that the formation of thickening and fatty streaks in vascular intima involved in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis begins antenatally. The discovery of new aspects of negative intrauterine HHС impact on fetal development necessitates a detailed study of HHС causes as non-modifiable (genetic defects in enzyme systems), and more importantly, conditionally modifiable causes (lack of cofactors, excessive methionine consumption, medications) for their timely leveling. It is also important to study approaches to HHС correction at the preconception stage of a female reproductive function in order to correctly "program" fetus and newborn development.
Increased cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes; The Dutch diabetes guideline advises GPs to screen for diabetes every year in the first five years after the birth of the youngest child, by simply measuring fasting glucose. Based on the increased risk for cardiovascular disease in women with a history of gestational diabetes, it seems appropriate to not only screen for diabetes, but to combine that with monitoring all the other features of the insulin resistance syndrome. Even without a disturbance in glucose tolerance, that could stimulate helpful lifestyle interventions at an earlier stage.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women: A cross sectional study from Vijayapur, Karnataka; Introduction: Worldwide, one in 10 pregnancies is associated with diabetes, 90% of which are GDM. Undiagnosed or inadequately treated GDM can lead to significant maternal & fetal complications. Objectives: To study the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women. Methodology: The present cross sectional observational study was undertaken in the department of obstetrics and gynaecology at Al Ameen Medical College, Vijayapur, Karnataka during the study period from February 2023 to July 2023 including 167 pregnant women attending OPD for antenatal checkup at OBGY department. Results: Majority of them were from 21-25 years age group i.e. 91(54.5%). Majority were multigravida i.e. 118(70.7%) and remaining were primigravida i.e. 49(29.3%). Prevalence of GDM in our study was 11.4%. Prevalence of GGI was 16.2% and that of diabetes was 0.6%. There is significant association between GDM prevalence and age group of ANC mother. (p<0.05). There is no significant association between GDM prevalence and gravida status of ANC mother. (p>0.05) Conclusion: Prevalence of GDM in our study was 11.4%. Prevalence of GDM was more in 20-25 years age group i.e. 7.2% with statistically significant association with age group.
STUDY ON SCREENING FOR GLUCOSE 6 PHOSPHATE DEHYDROGENSASE DEFICIENCY IN NEWBORN BABIES AT OUR TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL; Background: Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency is the most common human enzyme deficiency in the world. G6PD deficiency is an X-linked disorder affecting mostly African, south east Asian and middle-eastern population. In India, there are 13 biochemical variants of G6PD being reported so far out of which Mediterranean type is most common in the caste groups. Aim and Objectives: to find out the incidence of G6PD deficiency in neonates delivered at our tertiary care hospital and to assess the contribution of G6PD deficiency in causing Neonatal jaundice. Materials and Methods: The study was a prospective hospital based type undertaken among the 400 babies delivered at our hospital from. The objective of this study was to find out incidence of G6PD deficiency in babies delivered in our Hospital and to assess its contribution in causing neonatal jaundice. A detailed antenatal history, consanguinity, geographical area of mother, birth order, mode of delivery, gestational age, birth injuries and blood group were recorded in each baby by interviewing the mother after taking consent in prescribed proforma. The following laboratory investigations were carried out, G6PD screening test (fluorescent spot test), Baby blood group and Rh typing, Mother blood group and Rh type and If jaundice present total, direct and indirect bilirubin testing was done. If the sample (cord blood) shows G6PD deficiency by fluorescent spot method, quantitative assay was done. Discussion and Conclusion: This study was conducted to detect incidence of G6PD deficiency in neonates and as a contributory factor in neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. The result of this study shows that incidence of G6PD deficiency in neonates delivered at our hospital is 3%. It contributes significantly for Neonatal Jaundice.
Predicting adverse perinatal outcomes with fetal modified myocardial performance index and epicardial fat tissue thickness in diabetes-complicated pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate fetal modified myocardial performance index (mod-MPI) and fetal epicardial fat tissue (EFT) thickness and its association with adverse perinatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. PATIENTS AND METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study including 90 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 45 pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 90 healthy pregnant women (control group). Two-dimensional gray-scale and Doppler fetal echocardiography were used to calculate the mod-MPI. EFT thickness was measured in the hypoechogenic area between the myocardium and the visceral pericardium on the right ventricle by distinguishing it from the pericardial fluid by Doppler ultrasound. RESULTS: Both mod-MPI values and EFT thickness were significantly higher in diabetic pregnant women (p<0.001; for both). No significant differences were observed in mod-MPI values and EFT thickness between pregnant women with GDM and PGDM. In addition, there was no significant difference in fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thicknesses among diabetic pregnant women based on their treatment requirements. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve revealed that mod-MPI value (cut-off 0.54, 95% CI: 0.629-0.837, p<0.001, sensitivity 64.6%, specificity 61.7%) and EFT thickness (cut-off 1.85 mm, 95% CI: 0.524-0.750, p=0.014, sensitivity 65.8%, specificity 63.9%) could predict adverse neonatal outcomes in diabetic pregnant women. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that both mod-MPI (p=0.003) and EFT thickness (p=0.008) were independently associated with adverse outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal mod-MPI values and EFT thickness increase in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and these measurements may serve as valuable predictors of adverse perinatal outcomes.
New approaches in the diagnosis and prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common pregnancy metabolic disorder in which a person with no history of hyperglycemia exhibits any degree of impaired glucose tolerance during gestation. GDM can be resolved on its own after birth, but mothers with GDM are more at risk for future problems, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease. In addition, GDM can cause macrosomia in infants and obesity or even the risk of diabetes in childhood. Standard diagnostic tests for GDM are the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and glucose challenge test (GCT), which is a mandatory test at 28-28 weeks of pregnancy in most countries. Disorders in various molecular mechanisms, such as hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR), and nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-κB) signaling pathways are involved in GDM. Therefore, a better understanding of these mechanisms can help find new therapeutic and diagnostic strategies accordingly. In this review, we first deal with molecular mechanisms involved in GDM occurrence and then summarized the studies that hired this knowledge for early diagnosis and prognosis of GDM. Finally, we present the latest achievements in the diagnosis of GDM based on exosomes, microRNAs, glycosylated hemoglobin, and inflammatory factors detection in maternal circulation.
Evaluation Of Glycemic And Thyroid Status In Pregnant Women Attending Routine Antenatal Clinic At Our Hospital; Aim and Objectives: to measure the Serum levels of two-hour blood glucose (post 75 gm glucose tolerance test), TSH, FT3 and FT4 in antenatal women, to find out the prevalence of Gestational Diabetes, Sub clinical and overt Hypothyroidism in pregnancy and to measure the levels of anti-TPO antibodies all pregnant women. Materials and Methods: Basic hematological and biochemical investigations were carried out along with thyroid function tests (TSH, FT3, FT4, anti TPO antibody titers). All the patients were subjected to first trimester ultrasound scan to confirm gestational age less than 12 weeks. The reference interval for thyroid panel were as per ATA guidelines. After general and gynecological examination, two-hour blood samples were collected for 75 g OGTT. Thyroid profiles were done by the chemilumine scence method. Discussion and Conclusion: This present study revealed an increase in subclinical hypothyroidism in pregnancy in our population. A significant number of SCH with high anti-TPO antibody titre points towards autoimmunity as being a significant cause of the decreased level of thyroid hormones in pregnancy. However, GDM prevalence was at par with the national figure but with no significant association of SCH, and a high anti-TPO ab titre was found with GDM in our study.
Title- STUDY OF THYROID LEVEL, DIAGNOSE HYPOTHYROIDISM IN INDIAN PREGNANT WOMEN; Introduction- Thyroid dysfunction is a common disorder in pregnancy which affects both maternal and fetal outcomes. There are very less and limited data on prevalence of hypothyroidism during pregnancy from India because no such big study done till now. this study done to define cut off value of serum TSH level in Indian pregnant women as hypothyroid and maternal and fetal outcomes. Material and Methods - This is a prospective and retrospective cohort study conducted in a period of 1.5 years between September 2021 to April 2023, in the department of Obstetrics & Gynecology GMC Shahdol in 1000 pregnant women’s who comes in antenatal checkup in opd. All healthy pregnant women with singleton pregnancy willing to participate in the study were enrolled. Women which have multiple pregnancy, known chronic medical disorder like diabetes, hypertension, any autoimmune disorder with hyperthyroidism or known hypothyroidism, bad obstetric history with a known cause are excluded from study. All pregnant women underwent ELISA TSH assay. Women with serum TSH >6.2mIU/L underwent Free Thyroxin (FT4) estimation and labelled as overt hypothyroid (OH) (group I) or subclinical hypothyroid (SCH) (group II. Result - The prevalence of SCH & OH was 6.4% and 3.8%. Pre-eclampsia, gestational DM & IUFD in group I and foetal distress in group II developed in significantly higher number of women (p=0.009, p=0.002, p=0.002 & p=0.004 respectively) Foeto-maternal variables assessed in group III none was significantly different from control group. Conclusion -. There is a high prevalence of hypothyroidism and adverse foeto-maternal outcome is more commonly associated with OH as compared to SCH. TSH 3-6.2mIU/L may be taken as normal during pregnancy in the Indian population. The strong point of this study is that we have included large number of subjects from India. From this study we know the level of thyroid cut off level in Indian pregnant women’s which can be used for diagnosis and treatment of this disorder.
A PROSPECTIVE STUDY OF MATERNAL OBESITY AND ITS EFFECT ON PREGNANCY; INTRODUCTION; Obesity has significant consequences for the reproductive system, depending upon the amount and distribution of body fat. Epidemiological evidence clearly shows that being overweight contributes to menstrual disorders, infertility, an increased risk of a number of serious adverse pregnancy outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal congenital anomaly, thromboembolism, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, dysfunctional labour, postpartum hemorrhage wound infections, stillbirth and neonatal death. AIMS AND OBJECTIVES; To analyze the significant risk associated with obesity and its consequences on obstetrics management and perinatal outcome. Maternal and Methods: A prospective study was carried out in GMC SHAHDOL, The study enrolled 200 pregnant women with BMI > 25 and equal no. of women with normal BMI (18- 24.9) as control. RESULTS; 76(38%) out of 200 pregnant women were overweight,70(35%) were obese type 1 (BMI 30-34.9), 44(22%) had BMI (35-39.9) and 10(5%) had BMI > 40.In comparison to normal BMI pregnant women, women with BMI >25 had significant risk of gestation hypertension(p=0.004), preeclampsia(p=0.04) GDM and shoulder dystocia (P=0.021), caesarean rate(0.0001) induced labor (0.0001) and decreased incidence of VBAC (p=0.037) with post operative wound infection. Neonates of these women are mostly macrosomic (p=0.021) and high incidence of shoulder dystocia. CONCLUSION; High maternal BMI at booking is associated with increased risk of pregnancy complications. Achieving a normal BMI prior to conception with the institution of healthy eating & exercise regimens may represent an ideal option.
Early versus 6–12 week Postpartum Glucose Tolerance Testingfor Women with Gestational Diabetes and Factors Associated- Observational Study; Background-The World Health Organisation has recommended glucose testing at six weeks postpartum as the earliest point of detection for abnormal glucose tolerance in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Nonetheless, there exists a low prevalence of postpartum glucose testing in numerous regions across the globe, ranging from 30% to 60%. The objective of this study was to ascertain the percentage of women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who underwent glucose testing at six weeks and 12 weeks postpartum, as well as to identify the factors that are linked to compliance with the test. Material and Methods- the present study is Prospective observational cross sectional study done at antenatal outdoor from April 2016 to March 2018 and admitted for delivery at obstetrics and gynaecology, Department B.R.SINGH Hospital Kolkata. total 100 pregnant women had selected as study population on the basis of inclusion and exclusion criteria. Results- Women with GDM ranged from the ages18.00-34.00 years with mean age (Mean ± S.D.) of patients being 25.4400±3.6991 years. Proportion of patients was significantly higher in age group 26-30 years. We found that 80 (80.0%) patients had FBS ≤95 mg/dl at 6 weeks and 90(90%) at 12 weeks follow up. 14 (14.0%) patients had FBS >95-125 mg/dl at 6 weeks and 9 (9.0%) patients at 12 weeks follow-up. 6 (6.0%) patient had FBS >125 mg/dl at 6 weeks follow-up and 1 (1.0%) at 12 weeks follow-up and statistically significant similarly 80 (80.0%) patients had PPBS<140 mg/dl at 6 weeks and 93 (93.0%) at 12weeks follow-up. 15 (15.0%) patients had PPBS 140-199 mg/dl at 6 weeks and 6 (6.0%) at 12 weeks follow-up. 5 (5.0%) patient had PPBS >200 mg/dl at 6 weeks and 1 (1.0%) at 12 weeks follow-up and it is also statistically significant while the association of age is not significant at any interval of time. Conclusion- rates of type 2 diabetes continue to increase, women with GDM should be educated that glucose intolerance may not be temporary, that it can be modified by behaviour changes and that is why postpartum testing is important.
Assessment of Risk Factors for Retinopathy of Prematurity: A Prospective Study; Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is a vasoproliferative vitreoretinopathy affecting the developing retina of premature infants. The incidence of ROP is 24 - 47% worldwide among preterm and high-risk neonates. ROP is a leading cause of preventable childhood blindness. Aim: The aim of this study is to assess the prevalence of ROP and potential risk factors associated with the development of ROP. Methods A prospective screening was performed on 120 preterm and low birth weight neonates admitted in NICU in a tertiary care hospital. All neonates with birth weight of less than 2500 grams and gestational age of less than 37 weeks were included in the study. Neonates with lethal congenital anomalies were excluded from the study. Fundus examination was done from 2nd week of life using an indirect ophthalmoscope with +20D lens. Detailed neonatal and antenatal history were documented. All babies with ROP were identified and classified according to ICROP classification. Follow up were recommended based on retinal findings till the complete vascularization of retina or regression of ROP. Statistical analysis was performed using a statistical software package (SPSS for Windows, version 25). Univariate analysis of qualitative data was done using chi- square test. Results with p value < 0.05 were considered statistically significant with 95% confidence interval. Results In this study, a total of 120 neonates were screened, of which 26 babies were found to have ROP. The prevalence of ROP was found to be 21.7% and there was male preponderance in our study. Univariate analysis showed significant relationship between male gender, respiratory distress syndrome, oxygen therapy, neonatal sepsis, maternal hypertension and ROP. No significant association was observed with low gestational age, neonatal blood transfusion, antenatal corticosteroids, maternal diabetes and ROP. Conclusion Low birth weight, male gender, respiratory distress, oxygen therapy, neonatal sepsis and maternal hypertension are significant risk factors for development of ROP. Screening all preterm neonates with possible risk factors helps in identifying all cases of ROP.
To study risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & Methods: The aim of the study is to study risk factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus. Simple random sampling was done to do OGTT for antenatal women coming to OPD. Before doing OGTT, women were briefed about the study and those who given consent regarding study were included. Results: Association of GDM cases with highrisk factors. Most common risk factor associated with GDM is obesity, followed by family history of diabetes and then age >30 years and overall association of GDM with above mentioned risk factors was found to be significant. Conclusion: In India, thinking that only elderly and obese women will develop GDM has become a myth. The startling fact was that GDM was seen mostly in women between 25-29 years of age group and even in women with normal or decreased BMI. This is probably the result of urbanization and its associated poor lifestyle and lack of exercise. Our study has shown the incidence of GDM of 9.4% in antenatal women. But with the global epidemic of diabetes mellitus involving specially our country, the trends will show a rise only. However, in present scenario most important is to screen all antenatal women for GDM for early diagnosis and better management. This should be a routine practice or investigation along with other investigations done during antenatal period.
STRUCTURAL ANOMALIES DETECTED ON ANTENATAL ULTRASOUND AND ITS ASSOCIATION WITH CONSANGUINITY, PREVIOUS ANOMALIES, MATERNAL DIABETES AND HYPERTENSION IN PATIENTS ATTENDING THE TERTIARY CARE HOSPITAL, ADILABAD, TELANGANA; structural congenital anomalies have been known since time immemorial and are considered as abnormalities of structure present from birth. Serious birth defects are life-threatening or have the potential to result in disability. It is a global problem, but their impact is particularly severe in middle and low-income countries. This study is done to assess the magnitude of congenital anomalies, patterns of congenital anomalies and the association of congenital anomalies with consanguinity, previous anomalies, maternal diabetes and hypertension. This is a retrospective observational study done in the department of radiology, Rajiv Gandhi institute of Medical Sciences. A total of 38,303 antenatal ultrasound scan reports (from July 2017 to March 2022) were reviewed. The overall percentage of fetuses with visible congenital malformation in the present study is 1.45%, the most common organ system anomaly was central nervous system and involved in 149(26.8%) patients. Other systems involved are the following, genitourinary system141 (25.3%), multiple systems 90 (16.2%), cardio vascular system 58 (10.3%), musculo skeletal system 56(10%), facial 36 (6.5%), gastrointestinal system in 10 (1.7%), lymphatic system in 15 (2.6%), Respiratory system in 3 (0.5%). There is history of consanguinity was there among 27.5% of the antenatal mothers. Early identification of gross structural anomalies by second trimester ultrasound scans and counselling of antenatal mothers, genetic screening will help in reduction in the incidence of congenital anomalies at birth.
Study the association between maternal Body Mass Index (BMI) and obstetric & perinatal outcome in singleton pregnancies; Background: High BMI is associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, macrosomia, induction of labour, caesarean deliveries and poor perinatal outcomes.Low BMI has been shown to be associated with an increased risk of preterm deliveries, low birth weight and anemia and a decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, obstetric intervention and postpartum haemorrhage. Aim & Objective: 1. To assess correlation between maternal Body Mass Index (BMI) and perinatal outcome. Methods: Study design: Prospective observational Study. Study setting: Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital, Mumbai (NWMH), (Tertiary Health Centre). Study population: patients who delivered / underwent completion of pregnancy at the institute such cases were included in the study. Sample size: 100 Results: The highest number of patients belonged to the age group of 23-28 yr (61%%), followed closely by the age group of 29-35 yr (33%). Patient between age group 18-22 yr was only 6%. LSCS was performed in 48%, out of which Emergency LSCS constituted 40% & Elective LSCS constituted 8%. P-value for LSCS was 0.001 & for Emergency LSCS was 0.003 suggesting these are more common in BMI Group III & IV. Instrumental Deliveries were performed in 4% of patients out of which Forceps applied in 2% & Vacuum extraction done in 2% patients. Out of 90 patients, in 7 (7.78%) patients second stage of labour was prolonged. Meconium-stained liquor was found more commonly in BMI Group III with P-value for 0.028. Total of 25 patients were diagnosed to be suffering from gestational hypertension. 5 (20%) of them had postpartum haemorrhage & Blood Transfusion was needed in 3 (12%) them. Foetal Distress was found to be the most common complications affecting 18% of patients who participated in this study. P-value for Foetal Distress is 0.011 suggesting significant association being more common in BMI Group IV. Neonatal complications respiratory distress syndrome & Meconium Aspiration Syndrome were found in 4 % & 3% babies without any significant association in any of the BMI group. Conclusion: Vaginal Delivery was the most common obstetric outcome, Neonatal outcome was Live Birth among all the patients.
Glucose intolerance in pregnant women in Kakinada District, Andhra Pradesh, India; Glucose intolerance during pregnancy predisposes the offspring for increased risk of developing glucose intolerance in the future. This vicious cycle is likely to influence and perpetuate the incidence and prevalence of glucose intolerance in any population. No data is available about the prevalence of glucose intolerance during pregnancy in our district, Andhra Pradesh, India and hence a study was undertaken on this aspect. Diagnosis is based on a 2hr 75 gm OGTT. GDM is diagnosed if either Fasting plasma glucose is more than 126 mg/dl or 2 hr plasma glucose more than 140 mg/dl. This study was performed in the antenatal clinics of Government General Hospital, Rangaraya Medical College, Kakinada and CHC Pedapudi of Andhra Pradesh, India. All the pregnant women attending the antenatal clinic for their regular antenatal check-up were screened for gestational diabetes. As a pregnant woman checks into the antenatal clinic, she was advised to get her random blood sugar tested. All the women who were found to have either an RBS near to the upper cut off limit for the normal or any of the classical risk factors for developing gestational diabetes and were advised to get their FBS and PPBS checked were advised to undergo 2hr 75 gm OGTT. Diagnosis was based on the WHO criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus. Among the 600 pregnant women who had got their random blood sugar checked, 278 [46.3%] women were found to have either an RBS near to the upper cut off limit for the normal or any of the classical risk factors for developing gestational diabetes and were advised to get their FBS and PPBS checked. And upon 2hr 75 gm OGTT, 38 [16.8%] women were diagnosed as GDM, taking both FBS ≥126 mg/dl and/or 2 hr PPBS ≥140 mg/dl as cut-off values. Taking only 2 hour blood sugar for analysis, 35 [15.4 %] had a value ≥140 mg/dl. This study has documented the increased prevalence of GDM in our population necessitating universal screening for glucose intolerance in pregnancy. Using 2 hr plasma glucose 140 mg/dl or above as a one step procedure is simple and economical, particularly for the countries ethnically more prone to high prevalence of diabetes.
Clinico-Etiological Profile and Outcome of Neonatal Respiratory Distress in Tertiary Care Hospital, Raichur; Background: The present study will be conducted to assess Clinico-Etiological Profile and Outcome of Neonatal Respiratory Distress in Tertiary Care Hospital, Raichur. Materials & methods: 220 neonates who were admitted in NICU in a Tertiary Care Hospital, Raichur were enrolled in the present study. This was a single center based prospective Study. Inclusion criteria for the present study included both in-born and out-born neonate admitted to NICU with RD.A detailed proforma including name, age, sex, and residence was obtained. The diagnosis of clinical conditions producing respiratory distress (RD) was based mainly on careful scrutiny of the history, clinical and radiological findings. Microsoft word and SPSS 20.0 version were used to analyze the data. P value of less than 0.05 was considered for statistical significance. Results: A total of 220 neonates were enrolled. Prematurity, Hypertension, Oligohydramnios, Polyhydramnios, PROM, Maternal fever and Gestational diabetes were the risk factors seen in 34.55 percent, 17.27 percent, 16.82 percent, 1.82 percent, 9.55 percent, 5.91 percent and 10.45 percent of the patients respectively. Most common clinical presentation was tachypnea seen in 71.82 percent of the patients. Other clinical presentation included chest in drawing, cyanosis, poor perfusion, grunting and nasal flaring. Diagnosis included RDS found to be present in 40.45 percent of the patients. Other diagnosis included TTNB, MAS and sever birth asphyxia. Mortality rate was found to be 8.18 percent. Conclusion: Approximately 8% of all live births were respiratory distress cases. It is recommended that we undertake appropriate and prompt neonatal resuscitation and identify the risk factors as early as feasible in order to reduce the morbidity and death of the newborns with respiratory distress.
Identification of various maternal factors that lead to poor fetal outcome; Background: The present study was conducted for identification of various maternal factors that lead to poor fetal outcome. Materials & methods: 216 patients (108 control & 108 cases) admitted in BMC Sagar who were satisfying the inclusion and exclusion criteria of the study were enrolled conveniently after their written informed consent. For Cases, patients of High-risk pregnancy (PIH, Pre Eclampsia, Eclampsia, Severe Anaemia, Placenta Previa, Placenta Abruptio, Gestational Diabetes, Twin Pregnancy, Precious Pregnancy, Pregnancy with Thyroid disease) were enrolled. For controls, Primigravida & Multigravida subjects with no risk pregnancy were enrolled. Qualitative data was analyzed and explained as frequency and percentage. Bar charts and pie charts are used to explain frequency and percentage. Appropriate statistical tests were applied (Yates Chi-Square test). Results: Out of 108 (high-risk) cases, 75 (34%) patients delivered healthy babies, 16 (7%) patients delivered preterm babies, 08 (3%) delivered IUGR babies, and 09 (4%) delivered IUFD. Out of 35 Anemic cases, 32 (91%) patients delivered healthy babies, 2 (5.7%) patients delivered preterm babies, none of the patients delivered an IUGR baby, and 01 (2.8%) delivered IUFD. Out of cases 6 gestational HTN, 6(100%) patients delivered healthy babies, none of the patients delivered preterm babies, none of the patients delivered IUGR babies, and none of the patients delivered IUFD. Out of 18 severe Pre Eclampsia cases, 9(50%) patients delivered healthy babies, 3(16%). patients delivered preterm babies, 04(22%) delivered IUGR babies, and 02(11.1%) delivered IUFD. Out of 8 Eclampsia cases, 3 (37%) patients delivered healthy babies, and 1 (12.5%) patient. delivered preterm babies, 2 (25%) delivered IUGR babies, and 2 (25%) had delivered IUFD. Out of 8 placenta previa cases, 06 (75%) patients delivered healthy babies, 1(12.5%) patient delivered a preterm baby, none of the patients delivered an IUGR baby, and 01 (12.5%) patient delivered an IUFD baby. Out of 06 Placenta Abruptio cases, 02 (33.3%) patients delivered healthy babies, 02 (33.3%) patients delivered preterm babies, none of the patients delivered an IUGR baby, and 02 (33.3%) had delivered IUFD. Conclusion: There is a high correlation between high-risk pregnancies and poor perinatal outcomes. All the findings of our study show the importance of the identification of risk factors from the comprehensive medical history of women in early pregnancy. Based on the identification of risk factors, the screening should begin early to detect and treat the condition before it endangers the survival of the mother and fetus.
CLINICOPATHOLOGICAL STUDY OF PLACENTA IN IUFD IN A TERTIARY CARE CENTER; Background: Stillbirth is a tragic event for both parents and obstetrician. It is one of the most unfortunate complications of pregnancy. Placenta is a vital organ through which transfer of nutrients and oxygen to foetus occurs and also acts as immune barrier. Placental pathology plays an important role in the foetal deaths to the tune of 11% to 65%. Histopathological examination of placenta and its correlation with the clinical conditions can help in understanding the pathogenic events occurring in cases of stillbirth. The aim and objective are histopathological study of placental study in IUFD and its clinical correlation. Materials and Methods: This is a prospective observational study conducted over two years at MKCG Medical College, Berhampur; Odisha. During this period 232 placentas of intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) cases were examined and sent to histopathology. At the end of the study collected data were tabulated and analyzed. Result: Out of 232 placentae examined, maximum percentages of IUFD (26.7%) were associated with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) followed by abruptio placentae in 14.2% cases and unexplained in 35.7% cases. Other conditions associated with intra uterine fetal death(IUFD) like chronic hypertension, IUGR, PPROM, GDM, malaria, congenital anomalies and placenta previa were 2.2%, 5.2%, 6%, 3%, 0.9%, 5.2% and0.9% respectively. On histopathological examination, intervillous fibrin was present in highest number of placental specimen (81.5%). Retroplacental clot, thrombotic vasculopathy, hypertension related changes, infarction, increased syncytial knotting, intervillous fibrin deposit, intervillous hemorrhage, calcification, villitis and chorioamnionitis were present in 25.9%, 20.2%, 10.8%, 25.8%, 11.2%, 28.8%, 32.7%, 39.7%, 22.8% and 34% of cases respectively. Conclusion: Thrombotic vasculopathy and hypertension related changes were significantly associated with IUFD complicated by HDP. In unexplained intrauterine fetal deaths, the incidence of infarction, thrombotic vasculopathy, intervillous/perivillous fibrin deposition, chorioamnionitis and villitis were higher in histology of placenta. Placental examination plays vital role in identifying the cause of stillbirth. In certain cases, it also predicts risk of recurrence in subsequent pregnancy and helps in prevention of adverse pregnancy outcome.
Cost Analysis of Self-Monitoring Blood Glucose in Nonintensively Managed Type 2 Diabetes; OBJECTIVES: To compare health care resource utilization (HCRU) and costs between self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) and continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) users in adults with nonintensively managed type 2 diabetes (T2D). STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective analysis of the MarketScan Databases. METHODS: Adults with T2D using SMBG or initiating CGM between January 2018 and March 2019 were eligible for inclusion. Inclusion criteria were (1) 2 consecutive claims for T2D or 1 claim for T2D and a claim for glucose-lowering therapy, (2) at least 1 pharmacy claim for SMBG strips or CGM sensors, and (3) continuous enrollment for 1 year before and after the index date. Individuals with evidence of CGM in the preindex period, pregnancy, use of rapid-acting insulin or glucagon, type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, or secondary diabetes at any time during the study period were excluded. SMBG and CGM patients were matched using propensity score, and all-cause HCRU and costs during a 1-year period were compared. RESULTS: A total of 3498 patients were included in each matched cohort. The per-patient per-year (PPPY) all-cause cost was $20,542 in CGM users vs $19,349 in SMBG users (P<.001). The PPPY cost of glucose-lowering medication was $6312 in CGM users vs $5606 in SMBG users (P<.001). No significant differences in the number of emergency department visits or hospitalizations were observed, but CGM users had more all-cause outpatient visits and office visits with an endocrinologist. CONCLUSIONS: In adults with nonintensively managed T2D, SMBG appears to be less costly than CGM and is associated with lower pharmacy costs.
STUDY OF PERIOPERATIVE COMPLICATIONS OF REPEAT CAESAREAN SECTION STUDY; Background: Caesarean section is currently the commonest procedure performed by the obstetricians. Caesarean delivery is defined as birth of the fetus through incision in the abdominal wall and uterine wall. Incidence of CS has climbed high in the present day obstetric practice. CS is often performed for the mother in the past, but now often performed for the well-being of the child. Due to liberalization of primary CS the post CS pregnancy has become common. Aim: To study the intra-operative and postoperative complications in a 200 cases of repeat caesarean sections and to analyze, categorize in relation to age, parity, BMI, medical disorders, number of C-sections, emergency / elective ? section and place of previous section. Material & Methods: It is a hospital based study conducted during the period of October 2012 to September 2013. The present study is to study the intra-operative complications and post-operative complications in repeat CS in 200 cases that were done in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Santhiram Medical College, Nandyal Results: Present study is performed in 200 cases of repeat CS from Santhiram Medical College, Nandyal to analyze, categorize the intraoperative and postoperative complications in relation to age, BMI, no. of CS, medical problems, place of previous CS, type of CS, indication of CS. In the present study out of 200 cases no. of cases with one previous section were 173 (86.5%), no. of cases with 2 previous sections were 25 (12.5%) and with three previous sections were 2 cases (1%). Conclusion: Our results clearly demonstrate that with appropriate prenatal care and adequate preoperative preparation, maintenance of meticulous surgical techniques and careful postoperative follow up can dramatically reduce the intraoperative and post-operative morbidity without any mortality.
Peripartum Neurological Injuries and its Outcomes; Aim: To study the peri-partum neurological injury and its outcomes. Study Design: Cross sectional study Place and duration of study: Department of Neurosurgery & Department of Obstetrics & Gynaecology, Peoples Medical University Hospital, Nawabshah from 1st July 2022 to 30th June 2023. Methodology: Two hundred and fifty women having a high risk of neurological disorders were included. A high-risk pregnancy was defined with the one having increased threat to fetal morbidity as well as risk of disability presented through clinical symptoms of each case. Biochemical analysis using 5cc blood was conducted for testing positive free beta human-chorionicgonadotropin in addition to neurological assessment and Doppler ultrasound. A well-designed questionnaire was adapted for extracting information regarding gravidity, parity, gestational hypertension and diabetes, complete clinical history including neurological symptoms, mortality rate mode of delivery and foetal disorders through modifying-ranking-scale of mother. Results: The mean age, gravidity and parity of the study participants was 29.33±1.2, 2.2±1.7 and 2.1±2.0 respectively. Significant number of neurological disorders was observed in before and after pregnancy. Majority of the participants were underwent C-section (62%). Highest ratio of full-term births were reported followed by preterm and abortion. There were 20% those cases who received severe headache post delivery time, on clinical diagnosis out of those 20% cases there were 3% those having subdural hematoma formation. Congenital disorders were observed in only 1 neonate. Obstetric and neurological profile of each patient with each neurological condition was also assessed. Conclusion: The neurological conditions were frequently reported during pregnancy. Seizures, migraine, cerebral venous and intracranial hypertension and sinus thrombosis were reported by majority of the study participants.
FETO-MATERNAL AND NEONATAL COMPLICATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH HYPOTHYROIDISM IN PREGNANCY; Objective: To analyze and report the maternal, fetal, and neonatal complications in Antenatal hypothyroid women and to give the frequency of the co-existence of Anemia with Hypothyroidism in pregnancy. Methods: A Prospective and an observational study was conducted on 200 Antenatal hypothyroid women admitted to the Obstetrics ward. In the period of 6 mo (August 2022-January 2023), the study was carried out through the examination of medical records of Antenatal women with Hypothyroidism. Results: Of 200 Antenatal hypothyroid women enrolled in the study, Denovo Hypothyroidism was seen in 56% of women. Maternal complications reported include–(Lower Segment Cesarean Section) LSCS seen in 54.5%, Preeclampsia in 19%, mild anemia in 28%, (Post-Partum Hemorrhage) PPH in 7.5%,(Premature Rupture Of Membranes) PROM in 11.5%, Oligohydramnios in 24.5% of women. Fetal complications found were in fetal distress in 21%, in 32.5 %, Respiratory distress in 17.5%, and Low birth weight in 16% of Neonates. Conclusion: Our study concludes that the number of pregnant women affected by Hypothyroidism has increased to a larger extent. Hence, the suspected risk factors of Hypothyroidism have to be addressed and monitored closely to decrease the rate of feto-maternal and neonatal complications in pregnancy, vital for the overall well-being of hypothyroid mothers and their babies.
Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Meta-Analysis; Maternal diabetes has been related to an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. However, inconsistent results were retrieved for studies evaluating the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and CHD in offspring. We therefore performed a systematic review and meta-analysis for comprehensive investigation. Observational studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science according to the aim of the meta-analysis. A randomized-effects model was used to pool the data by incorporating the influence of potential heterogeneity. Twenty-three observational studies, involving 46953078 mother-child pairs, were available for the meta-analysis. Among them, 2131800 mothers were diagnosed as GDM and 214379 newborns had CHD. Overall, maternal GDM was associated with a higher incidence of CHD in offspring [odds ratio (OR): 1.32, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.21 to 1.45, p<0.001; I2=62%]. Sensitivity analysis limited to studies with adjustment of maternal age and other potential confounding factors showed similar results (OR: 1.40, 95% CI: 1.30 to 1.51, p<0.001; I2=47%). Subgroup analysis suggested that the association between maternal GDM and CHD in offspring was not significantly affected by methods for diagnosis of GDM, methods for confirmation of CHD, or study quality scores (p for subgroup difference all>0.05). Subsequent analysis according to types of CHD showed that maternal GDM was associated with higher risks of atrial septal defect, ventricular septal defect, and Tetralogy of Fallot. Maternal GDM may be associated with a higher risk of CHD in offspring.
Continuous glucose monitoring: Benefits and limitations during pregnancy; Diabetes during pregnancy is classified as pre-pregnancy type 1 (DM1) or 2 (DM2) and gestational. A disturbing fact in health is the doubling of the incidence in recent decades worldwide. Hypertensive disorders, preeclampsia, diabetic ketoacidosis, preterm delivery, cesarean section, large for gestational age, shoulder dystocia, congenital anomalies, hypoglycemia and neonatal mortality are maternal and fetal complications associated with this disease and imply a risk in the continuity and arrival at term of the pregnancy. On the other hand, deleterious effects of poor glycemic control have been observed on the long-term health of children, such as metabolic, cardiovascular and neurodevelopmental alterations. For its control, the main tool is capillary glycemic self-monitoring. However, despite achieving the desired values by this method, there is still a high prevalence of complications. The implementation of new technologies such as the continuous glucose monitor (CGM) allows us to have 24-hour glycemic profiles and new metabolic control tools. We consider it important to carry out a bibliographic review of the use of CGM in pregnant women with diabetes and its usefulness in maternal-fetal complication
Association between cardiac arrhythmia before pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a nationwide population-based study in Korea; Given the higher prevalence of cardiac arrhythmias in individuals with diabetes, we investigated the relationship between cardiac arrhythmias and the incidence of gestational diabetes (GDM). This retrospective cohort study utilized data from the Korean Health Insurance Service database, encompassing 1,113,729 women who gave birth between January 2007 and December 2015. After excluding those who did not undergo National Health Screening tests within 1 year prior to pregnancy, those with multifetal pregnancies, and those diagnosed with diabetes, we analyzed 365,880 singleton pregnancies without a history of diabetes. Of these, 3,253 (0.9%) had cardiac arrhythmias, including premature extra beats, supraventricular tachyarrhythmias, and/ or atrial flutter/fibrillation. GDM occurred in 31,938 (8.7%) subjects during pregnancy, and was more prevalent in women with cardiac arrhythmia than in those without (14.9 vs. 8.7%, p < 0.001). In the multivariate analysis, the association between cardiac arrhythmia and GDM remained statistically significant (adjusted odds ratio, 1.78; 95% confidence interval, 1.61 to 1.97; p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis revealed that the risk of GDM was consistently statistically significant in subjects with cardiac arrhythmia, regardless of age, body mass index, and the presence or absence of chronic hypertension. Therefore, cardiac arrhythmias before and during pregnancy appear to be associated with an increased risk of developing GDM.
Role of Ductus Venosus Doppler Sonography for the Prediction of Perinatal Outcome in Term Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Purpose Ductus venosus (DV) Doppler velocimetry reflects fetal cardiac function. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is assumed to impair cardiac function due to fetal hyperglycemia. The purpose of this study was to assess the ability of DV Doppler to predict an adverse perinatal outcome (APO) in term pregnancies with GDM. Methods This is a retrospective cohort study including GDM pregnancies of singleton, non-anomalous fetuses without any signs of placental dysfunction. All GDM women who primarily had a vaginal delivery attempt and in which DV Doppler was examined from 37 + 0 weeks on were included. Receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) analyses were performed to assess the predictive value of DV pulsatility index (DV-PI) regarding a composite APO (CAPO). Furthermore, a subgroup analysis was performed regarding the presence of a large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborn. Results A total of n = 89 cases were included. Overall, CAPO occurred in 26 out of 89 cases (29.2 %). All DV Doppler examinations showed a positive A wave. DV-PI was > 95th percentile in 8 out of 89 cases (9 %). Overall, ROC analysis showed no significant association of DV-PI with CAPO (AUC = 0.523, p = 0.735). However, regarding individual APO parameters, ROC analysis showed a significant association of DV-PI with 5thmin AGPAR (AUC = 0.960, p = 0.027), which was not confirmed after exclusion of LGA cases. Conclusion In GDM pregnancies at term, DV Doppler sonography seems to have no benefit for APO prediction.
Influence of partogram in active management of labour in a primigravida with high-risk pregnancy and correlation to maternal and perinatal outcome; Labour and delivery are focus and climax of the reproductive process. They are both physical and emotional challenge for the mother and a hazardous journey for the fetus. Labour is a dynamic phenomenon characterized by a progressive increase in the frequency, intensity and duration of uterine contractions with progressive dilatation and effacement of the cervix and the fetal descent through the birth canal. This physiological process may lead to pathology and failure to recognize this would result in prolonged labour resulting in increased morbidity and mortality of mother and baby.2 Material And Methods A hospital-based prospective study of 100 pregnant women with high-risk pregnancy attending the department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Gayatri vidyaparishad medical college, Vishakhapatnam, from December 2021-November 2022. The study groups randomly selected a hundred primigravida with high-risk pregnancy fulfilling the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Informed and written consent was taken from all the women participating in the study. The study's primi pregnant women fulfilling inclusion and exclusion criteria were divided into the PARTOGRAM GROUP (P) and the other NO PARTOGRAM (NP). Each group consists of 50 primi pregnant women. In the partogram group, the progress of labour was documented on MODIFIED WHO PARTOGRAPH and the notes on the progress sheet of case record file while standard notes only in no partogram group. Results In our study, 80% of pregnant women gestational age was below 39 weeks. In the NP group, 34% of women at 38 weeks, followed by 32% at 39 weeks. In the P group, 54% were at 38weeks, followed by 18% at 39 weeks and 18% at 40 weeks. Oligohydramnios was predominantly observed in women presented in 39 weeks (48%) gestational age. Gestational hypertension (38.6%) and gestational diabetes mellitus(18.1%) was commonly observed in women in 38 weeks of gestation as both conditions are delivered at 38 weeks. Hypothyroidism was predominantly observed in women at 37 weeks(36.3%) and 39 weeks(24%) of gestation. In individuals' groups, among the NP group, most pregnant women were delivered by FTNVD (60%) followed by 30% cases by LSCS. In P group out of 50 deliveries, 78% of cases delivered by FTNVD, followed by 14% undergone LSCS. Conclusion: Partogram is an excellent tool for reflecting quick and consistent review of labour events, handing over the patient in changing shift duties, especially in low resource settings. It leads to earlier decision making in labour management and shown to reduce cesarean section rates.
Ultrasonographic Study of Fetal Congenital Anomalies in South Burdwan District of West Bengal – A Cross-Sectional Study; Fetal congenital anomalies are one of the most important causes of fetal morbidity and mortality in the world. With the advent of ultrasonography it has become much easier to detect congenital anomalies at earlier stages for further evaluation and management. In this study a total number of 1800 patients were selected for study during the period of first July 2021 to 30th September 2022. Congenital anomalies were detected in 47 patients with a prevalence of 2.6%. Patents were divided in to two groups. Group – I had some underlying medical conditions (380 patients) and group-II had no underlying medical conditions (1420 Patients). Prevalence of congenital anomalies were found to be more in group-I patients with significant P value (0.002). Central nervous system anomalies were found to have the highest incidence 42.5%.
Knowing the unknown: A study to assess the clinical features along with maternal and neonatal outcomes of COVID 19 in pregnancy in a tertiary care center in Coimbatore, India; Objectives: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has created an extraordinary health crisis worldwide.Given the infancy of the pandemic and limited data available for managing it in susceptible populations like pregnant women and neonates, there arises a need to understand the implications of this disease to formulate appropriate guidelines. Hence, this study assessed the clinical features, maternal and neonatal outcomes of COVID-19. Methods: This retrospective cross-sectional research study collected data from101COVID-19positive pregnant women using their case records. Variables analyzed included gestational age, symptoms, maternal investigations, period between test positivity and delivery, mode of delivery, maternal ICU admission/need for respiratory support, maternal mortality rate, and neonatal outcome. Results: Mean gestational age for becoming COVID positive was 36.03 ± 6.66 weeks (3rd trimester). Most cases (69%) were asymptomatic, while some had fever (15.84%), cough (12.87%), and elevated serum ferritin levels (32.67%). Obstetric complications were observed in 61.39% of the cases and 70.3% had cesarean deliveries, most likely due to oligohydramnios (15.49%). No case required ICU admission, but some required heparin (87.13%), steroids (9.9%), remdesivir medication (4.95%), and respiratory support (3.96%). Owing to 2 twin pregnancies, 83 mothers gave birth to 85 babies with a mean neonatal birthweightof2.97 ± 0.47 Kg. No babies were COVID positive and only 4.71% were admitted to NICU. Conclusion: No worsening of maternal and neonatal outcomes due to COVID 19 infection were seen. Obstetrical complications like gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) & pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH)were existing conditions in pregnant women.
A Rare Case of Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD) Complicating Pregnancy; Neuromyelitis Optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) is an antibody mediated neuroinflammatory disorder characterized by recurrent myelitis and optic neuritis. We present a case of pregnant lady presented with hyperemesis gravidarum at 16weeks of gestation. The patient had a rapid course of recurrent episodes of bladder and bowel retention and quadriparesis. MRI brain & spinal cord was suggestive of longitudinal extensive transverse myelitis and aquaporin 4 ab (AQP4-Abs) was positive. Patient was treated for Neuromyelitis Optica Spectrum Disorder (NMOSD).
Role of Modified Biophysical Profile and Doppler Ultrasonography Studies in Predicting Perinatal Outcome in High-Risk Pregnancies: A Comparative Study; Aim: The aim of the present study was to compare MBPP and umbilical artery Doppler flow in high-risk pregnant women in prediction of perinatal outcome in high-risk pregnancies. Material & Methods: A prospective observational and comparative study was done on 100 high-risk pregnant women over 12 months. Antenatal women with singleton pregnancy who delivered within 48 hours of performing MBPP and Doppler USG, with presence of ≥1 high-risk factor like pre-eclampsia/gestational HTN, BOH, post-dated pregnancy, FGR, GDM, maternal heart disease, anaemia, hypothyroidism and IHCP were included in the study. MBPP (NST and AFI) and umbilical artery Doppler was performed. Perinatal outcome was measured in terms of stillbirth/IUD, LBW, Apgar <7 at 5 minutes, admission to NICU, neonatal death within 48 hours of delivery, MSL and neonatal seizures within 24-48 hours. Results: Out of 140 Patients included in our study 84 new born had adverse perinatal outcome. Umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry and MCA was done in all 140 study participants. The three categories of neonatal outcomes were healthy baby, IUGR, and neonatal death. 56 of the 70 patients with normal MBPP (70%) delivered healthy babies. 65 (72.22%) patients delivered healthy neonates. APGAR score was more than 7 in 70 (87.5%) and less than 7 in 10 cases, when Doppler studies was normal while APGAR was more than 7 in 82 patients (91.11%) and less than 7 in 8 patients when Doppler studies was abnormal this was statistically significant. It was seen that MBPP had a sensitivity of 90.60%, specificity 57.93%, PPV 61.06%, NPV 89.08% while that of Umbilical artery Doppler was 88.32%, 53.37%, 55.75% and 87.23% respectively. Conclusion: MBPP is a better predictor of perinatal outcome compared to umbilical artery Doppler USG in high-risk pregnant women. MBPP should be done in all high-risk pregnancies even if Doppler is normal. Both the tests must be performed in all high-risk pregnancies to improve perinatal outcome.
Clinico-Etiologic and Demographic Profile of Neonatal Respiratory Distress: An Observational Study; Aim: The aim of the present study was to assess the demographic and etiological profile of neonatal respiratory distress in a tertiary care-centre in Bihar. Material & Methods: A prospective observational study conducted in the Department of Pediatrics in between the duration of 2 years. During the study period, 500 neonates were included in the study. Results: Neonatal respiratory distress was more common in male babies but difference was not statistically significant. Neonatal respiratory distress was more common in preterm babies than term babies and relative risk was statistically significant. Neonatal respiratory distress was more common in LSCS born babies than NVD born babies and relative risk was statistically significant. P value less than 0.01 was statistically significant. History of PROM, MSAF, GDM and maternal pyrexia were risk factors for the neonatal respiratory distress. Tachypnea, central cyanosis, chest retractions, grunting and abnormal heart rate were major signs of neonatal respiratory distress. On admission to NICU the majority of neonates had SpO2 at room air between 70-75 and therefore depicts the importance of early appropriate optimal ventilation measures. The most common causes of the neonatal respiratory distress were TTN, RDS, MAS and the sepsis. Conclusion: Early diagnosis of specific cause for respiratory distress is very important as different etiologies have different specific treatment and require altogether different ventilatory strategies. The TTN was the most common cause of distress in term newborns, followed by perinatal asphyxia, meconium aspiration, neonatal sepsis, and congenital heart diseases (CHD). Therefore, timely diagnosis and management of these conditions is very imperative to discharge an intact neonate from the NICU.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Speckle-Tracking Echocardiography; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disease that occurs during pregnancy and may result in fetal cardiac dysfunction. Our study aimed to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with GDM by a quantitative analysis software based on speckle-tracking echocardiography. METHODS: Forty-nine fetuses exposed to GDM and 50 normal fetuses were enrolled, and fetal echocardiography were performed and analyzed in this prospective cross-sectional study. We compared cardiac systolic function between the two groups using fetal cardiac quantitative analysis software. RESULTS: In the GDM group, left ventricular (24 ± 4 versus 28 ± 4, P < .001) and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (23 ± 4 versus 26 ± 4, P = .002) and right ventricular free wall strain (26 ± 6 versus 29 ± 5, P = .006) were significantly lower compared with the control group, whereas there was no significant difference in global spherical index (1.2 ± 0.1 versus 1.2 ± 0.1, P = .425). Additionally, 24-segment transverse fraction shortening of the right ventricle was more impaired than the left, and the segments with reduced fraction shortening were mainly located in the mid and apical sections of the right ventricle, and midsection of the left ventricle. CONCLUSION: Fetuses exposed to GDM may have cardiac dysfunction before the onset of cardiac morphologic abnormalities, and the right ventricle is more vulnerable than the left during fetal development.
Association Between Maternal Factors and Risk of Congenital Heart Disease in Offspring: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; INTRODUCTION: This study aimed to summarize the evidence describing the relationship between maternal factors during gestation and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. METHODS: PubMed, EMBASE, and the Cochrane Library were searched for potentially relevant reports from inception to May 2021. Pooled odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) calculated by the random-effects model were used to evaluate the association between maternal factors and CHD risk. RESULTS: There was a significant association between CHD risk and obesity in pregnancy (OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.22-1.37; P < 0.001), smoking in pregnancy (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07-1.25; P < 0.001), maternal diabetes (OR 2.65, 95% CI 2.20-3.19; P < 0.001), and exposure of pregnant women to organic solvents (OR 1.82, 95% CI 1.23-2.70; P = 0.003). No correlations were revealed between CHD susceptibility and advanced maternal age (OR 1.04, 95% CI 0.96-1.12; P = 0.328), underweight (OR 1.02, 95% CI 0.96-1.08; P = 0.519), alcohol intake in pregnancy (OR 1.08, 95% CI 0.95-1.22; P = 0.251), coffee intake (OR 1.18, 95% CI 0.97-1.44; P = 0.105), and exposure to irradiation (OR 1.80, 95% CI 0.85-3.80; P = 0.125). DISCUSSION: Maternal factors including maternal obesity, smoking in pregnancy, maternal diabetes and exposure to organic solvents might predispose the offspring to CHD risk.
Infantile-onset Pompe disease with neutropenia: Treatment decisions in the face of a unique phenotype; Infantile-onset Pompe disease manifests with early signs of cardiomyopathy during the first few days to weeks of life. We present the case of a newborn born via emergency cesarean section with atrial flutter and moderate biventricular hypertrophy who was diagnosed with Pompe disease on New York State newborn screen. Diagnosis was confirmed with repeat leukocyte acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) enzyme activity, GAA gene sequencing, urine Hex4, and evaluation of Cross-Reactive Immunological Material (CRIM) status. The patient was also found to be persistently neutropenic which to our knowledge has not been previously reported in the literature in association with Pompe disease. This report highlights the impact that newborn screening had on time to diagnosis and initiation of treatment with enzyme replacement therapy. We also discuss how our patient's concurrent neutropenia impacted decision making related to immune tolerance induction prior to starting enzyme replacement therapy.
SODIUM-GLUCOSE CO-TRANSPORTER INHIBITORS ARE THE RATIONALE APPROACH TO REDUCE MORTALITY AND MORBIDITY IN TYPE 2 DM PATIENTS WITH HEART FAILURE; Diabetes mellitus is the metabolic syndrome, characterised by inadequate control of blood glucose levels and it is classified into type 1, type 2, maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), gestational diabetes, neonatal diabetes, and steroid-induced diabetes. As per the epidemiological data, 537 million adults of the age between 20-79 years age old are suffering with diabetes.Diabetic mellitus is one of the major risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD), people with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) have a higher cardiovascular morbidity and mortality.T2DM leads can increased risk of vascular disease, with diabetes induced micro and macro vascular complications is the major causes of morbidity and mortality in patients with T2DM. A meta -analysis of 102 studies found that T2DM was associated with a 2-fold increased risk of vascular diseases such as coronary heart disease and stroke, independent of other risk factors including age, sex, smoking, body mass index, and systolic BP.Kidney's role in the reabsorption of glucose from the glucose filtrate as leads to investigation of SGLT2 as a potential therapeutic target for T2DM. SGLT2 inhibitors decrease the capacity of proximal tubule to reabsorb glucose from the glomerular filtrate.Clinical studies have shown that SGLT2 inhibitors improve glycemic control when employed in patients with both early and late stages of T2DM.SGLT2 inhibitors have the potential to reduce CV risk in patients with T2DM not only through beneficial effects on glycemic control, but also via beneficial effect on body weight, bp, lipids, and serum uric acid.
INTERCONCEPTION CARE FOR THE WOMEN WHO SUFFERED FROM HYPERTENSIVE DISORDERS OF PREGNANCY; Interconception Care is Care provided to mothers between pregnancies to improve health outcomes for patients (and their infants). It is important to view postpartum care and preconception care as a continuum, and emphasizes the evaluation of a patients health through a life course perspective that acknowledges the influence of pregnancy on health trajectory. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) such as hypertensive disordes of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, placental abruption, and miscarriages, stillbirths, are at high risk for future development of chronic diseases or Atherosclerotic CVD. Some guidelines recommend that health care providers inform women affected by APO of the risks of future disease and instruct them to maintain a healthy lifestyle postpartum. Referral to an appropriate health provider is recommended, too. However, a clear follow-up system for these women has not yet been established. One reason for this is the lack of evidence for risk stratification and corresponding management during the interconception period, taking into account the next pregnancy. There might also be a lack of awareness among health care providers (especially primary care physicians or internists) about these women. Comprehensive care is needed for postpartum women including prevention and management of chronic disease, pregnancy history, family planning, preconception counseling, postpartum weight management, and postpartum mental health care. This presentation will present the risk of future development of chronic disease in women affected by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy from our cohort study, and will discuss the management of women during the interconception period.
Variant in a very preterm newborn: a case report neonatal onset of inherited myocardial hypertrophy due to rare MYBPC3; Background. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is an inherited myocardial disease present in one in 500 of the general population. It represents the most frequent cause of sudden cardiac death of young people. Inherited HCM in the newborn is rare. Genetic testing is necessary to discriminate transient forms of neonatal HCM, which have been related to gestational diabetes and exposition to prenatal or postnatal corticosteroids in preterm infants. Case presentation. A male infant was born after 31 weeks of gestation to a 45-year-old primigravida, primipara woman who had a medical history of an inherited HCM caused by MYBPC3 mutation. Pregnancy was obtained through homologous blastocyst transfer. Fetal echocardiography performed at 24 weeks of gestation resulted normal. The infant was delivered via cesarean section for non-reassuring fetal monitoring. Initial neonatal resuscitation in the delivery room included intubation, positive pressure ventilation, and oxygen supplementation. Apgar scores resulted 2, 4, and 6 at 1, 5, and 10 minutes, respectively. Afterwards, a transthoracic echocardiography revealed moderate left-ventricular wall thickness, suggestive of an HCM. Conclusions. Because of the family history of heart disease and due to the persistency of HCM in the postnatal period, genetic testing by next-generation sequencing with a comprehensive cardiomyopathy panel was performed. A heterozygous single- nucleotide missense familial variant was found in the MYBPC3 gene (c.3713T > C p. Leu1238Pro). This anomaly is likely pathogenetic of inherited HCM and is a rare variant which is not detected in the ExAC population database (> 60,000 samples) according to the Atlas of Cardiac Genetic Variation.
ADIPOCYTE FATTY ACID-BINDING PROTEIN AND ADIPONECTIN LEVELS IN WOMAN WITH EARLY DIAGNOSED GESTATIONAL DIABETES (GDM); BACKGROUND-AIM Adipocyte fatty acid-binding protein (A-FABP) and Adiponectin are adipocytokines (adipose tissue hormones) with important metabolic effects. A-FABP increases lipolysis and insulin resistance, reduces contractility of cardiomyocytes, supports chronic inflammation and formation of atherosclerotic plaques. Adiponectin improves insulin resistance, his levels are decreased in obesity, type 2 diabetes, and patients with coronary artery disease. It is suspected that disruption of the endocrine function of adipose tissue and the associated change in the expression of these adipokines may lead to the development of hyperglycemia in woman with GDM. Early detection of GDM allows timely intervention, improve adverse metabolic profiles and prevent adverse pregnancy outcomes. METHODS 23 pregnant women with early diagnosed GDM, 29 pregnant women without GDM, and 25 non-pregnant healthy controls. Early GDM was diagnosed based on repeated fasting plasma glucose levels ≥ 5,1 mmol/l and < 7 mmol/ l during the first trimester of pregnancy and exclusion 1 or 2 type diabetes. Adiponectin was determinated with immunochemistry kit Human Adiponectin ELISA (BioVendor, Czech Republic). Levels of A-FABP were assessed using Human Adipocyte AFABP4 ELISA kit (BioVendor, Czech Republic). Early therapeutic intervention was introduced for women with GDM already during their first visit (in the first trimester). RESULTS Levels of adiponectin were significantly descreased and levels of A-FABP were significantly elevated in woman with GDM compared to both pregnant woman without GDM and non-pregnant healthy controls. Both adipokines were associated with markers of visceral adiposity and glucose control. The introduction of early therapeutic intervention was associated with the shifting of circulating concentrations of these adipokines to levels comparable with those in healthy pregnant woman. CONCLUSIONS Women with GDM showed altered adipokine production already in the first trimester of pregnancy. These findings support the importance of GDM screening in the early stages of pregnancy and the possible role of endocrine dysfunction of adipose tissue in the development of gestational diabetes.
SELECT DELIVERY COMPLICATIONS IN MORBIDLY OBESE PATIENTS; Purpose of Study: This study examines delivery complications in morbidly obese women to better prepare obstetric staff for adverse delivery outcomes. Obesity is now considered a global pandemic with a general increase in prevalence in adults, adolescents, children, and women of reproductive age. It is well established that obesity is associated with increased morbidity, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, heart disease, stroke, sleep apnea, and cancer. Obesity is associated with serious consequences for pregnant women and their children in all stages of pregnancy. Obese pregnant women are at greater risk of multiple adverse maternal-fetal outcomes than their normal body mass index (BMI) counterparts, including gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, birth trauma, fetal malformation, and emergent cesarean delivery. This study examines the relationship between BMI and cesarean section operative times, epidural times, and the amount of blood loss during delivery. Methods Used: Deliveries (n = 3066) that occurred in 2019 at Loma Linda University Medical Center were analyzed with respect to antepartum, labor, and delivery outcomes. Patients were divided into categories based on BMI; underweight and normal (BMI <24.9), overweight (BMI 25-25.9), class I obesity (BMI 30-34.9), class II obesity (BMI 35-39.5), and class III obesity (BMI >40). Chi-square tests were conducted and odds ratios were calculated to determine how outcomes varied by mother's BMI. Summary of Results: Cesarean section operative times of patients with Class I, II, and III obesity were each significantly longer than that of patients classified as overweight (p<.0001). Patients with class III obesity also had the greatest number of unscheduled cesarean sections. Epidural placement took significantly more time for Class I and II obesity groups compared to the overweight group (p<.0001). Compared to the overweight group, all classes of obesity had significantly greater estimated blood loss during vaginal and cesarean deliveries (p<.0001). All analyses controlled for age, gravidity, and ethnicity. Conclusions: Our analysis concluded that patients with class III obesity have longer cesarean section operative times, greater rates of unscheduled cesarean sections, longer epidural times, and greater amounts of blood loss compared to their lower BMI counterparts. Implications of these findings include pre-procedure planning on the part of obstetric and anesthesia teams to ensure patient safety and treatment efficiency. Areas of future research include investigating the impact of BMI on other obstetric outcomes, such as breastfeeding rates at delivery and long term.
SHOULD DIAZOXIDE BE CONTRAINDICATED WITH ANY EVIDENCE OF BASELINE PULMONARY HYPERTENSION IN NEONATES?; Purpose of Study: Persistent hypoglycemia in neonates is often due to hyperinsulinism (HI), commonly associated with non-genetic causes like maternal diabetes and fetal growth restriction. Diazoxide is the only agent approved by the FDA for treatment of hypoglycemia due to HI. Diazoxide use is associated with pulmonary hypertension (PH) in 2-3% of pediatric patients, however a case series in neonates suggests a higher rate. We evaluated the risk factors for diazoxide-induced PH in hypoglycemic neonates. Methods Used: Retrospective review of all patients treated with diazoxide in our unit from March 2020 until March 2022. Data on birth weight, gestation, diazoxide timing and dosage and change in respiratory support, clinical course and risk factors for PH, were manually extracted via chart review. PH was defined as need for increased respiratory support and echocardiographic changes. UC Davis IRB deemed study exempt. Summary of Results: Nine neonates were treated with diazoxide. Eight of the nine had non-genetic causes of HI, and these eight had improved blood glucose stability on diazoxide. Three of nine neonates had worsening of PH associated with diazoxide and one of these three died due to a pulmonary hypertensive crisis, despite ECMO (Table 1). The infants who developed PH were born preterm and growth restricted. Two of the three demonstrated intraventricular septal flattening on their pre-diazoxide echocardiograms, while the third did not have signs of PH on baseline echocardiogram but had a history of PH and was being treated with sildenafil. Worsening of PH by echocardiography preceded the need for increased respiratory support in all three patients, and PH persisted after cessation of diazoxide. Among the three infants who developed PH, the two who survived required respiratory support at 36 weeks corrected gestational age-one CPAP 7, 27% and the other CPAP 5, 21%. None of the infants without PH required respiratory support at that time. Conclusions: Three of nine infants treated with diazoxide for HI developed PH requiring increased respiratory support with one death. All these infants were growth restricted and had history or evidence of PH prior to diazoxide initiation. This rate and mortality are much higher than the 2-3% reported in larger pediatric population. Management strategies other than diazoxide should be considered to manage neonatal hypoglycemia in growth restricted neonates with any evidence of PH on baseline echocardiogram. All neonates receiving diazoxide should have close echocardiographic monitoring. (Table Presented).
44th Annual Conference of the Association of Clinical Biochemists in Ireland, ACBI 2022; The proceedings contain 16 papers. The topics discussed include: false identification of icterus by eye in a complex patient with severe neutropenic sepsis; an unusual cause of Hypertriglyceridemia in an Infant; a confectionary cause of biochemical mimic for fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase (FBP1) deficiency; forward thinking for reverse PseudoHyperKalaemia; an unexpected follow-up of increased leucine on newborn blood spot screening; 'that's gas!' - evaluation of the Abbott Alinity carbon dioxide assay; calcium verification with a difference?; changes in diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus during the Covid-19 pandemic at a large maternity hospital in Southwest Ireland; NT-proBNP in primary care. What's the indication and can it be interpreted? and elevated serum neurofilament light chain (NfL) as a potential biomarker in neuropsychiatric disorders.
Impact of Levothyroxine Use during Pregnancy in Hypothyroidism, on Perinatal Outcomes and Child Neurocognitive Development; Background: Thyroid disorders are common chronic pathologies in women of reproductive age. Maternal, fetal, and neonatal complications associated with these disorders have been detected over the past and justify the need for therapeutic management, including levothyroxine. Objective: To identify the risks associated with thyroid disorders and levothyroxine gestational exposure, for the woman and her child. Methods: We conducted a literature review to synthesize current evidence on thyroid disorders and levothyroxine use during pregnancy, using PubMed. We retrieved and examined articles about these disorders and their management in pregnant women, using “thyroid disorders, pregnancy, levothyroxine, perinatal and pediatric outcomes” as keywords. We summarized thyroid diseases and their prevalence in pregnant women and described their associated risks on pregnancy. Benefits and adverse effects of levothyroxine use for hypothyroidism during pregnancy on maternal and pediatric outcomes evaluated in potentially relevant studies were reported. We identified the knowledge gaps regarding the use of levothyroxine during pregnancy. Results: Thyroid disease refers to a spectrum of endocrinology disorders. These disorders include subclinical hypothyroidism, which is the most prevalent among pregnant women (2-5%), overt hypothyroidism (0.2-1%), overt hyperthyroidism (0.2-0.7%) and subclinical hyperthyroidism (0.8-1.7%). Suboptimal treatment of hyperthyroidism was consistently associated with preeclampsia and prematurity. Furthermore, studies estimate a 60% risk of pregnancy loss in overt hypothyroidism and 30% in subclinical hypothyroidism. Management of hypothyroidism during pregnancy remains controversial: levothyroxine has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of pregnancy loss, preterm delivery, and gestational hypertension in some studies, but it increased the risk of gestational diabetes in others. The disparity in the results of these studies was partly explained by variabilities in diagnostic criteria, dose prescribed, and time of therapy initiation. Besides, no positive effect on fetal neurocognitive development, such as IQ improvement, was observed after levothyroxine initiation at the end of the first trimester, in hypothyroidism-diagnosed women: intervention timing might be too late to significantly impact neurodevelopment. Conclusion: Further studies evaluating the impact associated with levothyroxine on perinatal complications and neurocognitive function in children, considering the severity of hypothyroidism, dose adjustment, and therapy initiation moment, are still needed.
How Does Hypothyroidism Alter Perinatal Outcomes in Patients with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome?-An Evaluation of a Population Database; Study question: Does concomitant hypothyroidism in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients have an additive effect on the risk for adverse pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes? Summary answer: In patients with PCOS, hypothyroidism significantly increases the risk for preeclampsia, however risks of other adverse perinatal outcomes are unaltered. What is known already: PCOS and hypothyroidism are common endocrinopathies during reproductive age, and each has been shown to be associated with pregnancy complications. While PCOS has been associated with gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, overt hypothyroidism has been associated with pregnancy loss, intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, and preterm birth. Furthermore, PCOS and thyroid abnormalities are known to be linked, with a higher prevalence of thyroid dysfunction in pregnant PCOS patients compared to controls. However, information on obstetric and neonatal outcomes in women with both PCOS and hypothyroidism is lacking. Study design, size, duration: A retrospective population-based study utilizing data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS), was performed. A dataset of all deliveries between 2004 and 2014 inclusively, was created. This population-based cohort study included 14,882 women with an International Classification of Diseases (ICD)-9 diagnosis of PCOS in the United States. IN 2015 data was converted to ICD-10 codes which are not comparable to ICD-9 codes. Participants/materials, setting, methods: All pregnancy admissions that resulted in delivery or maternal death were included so that patients were counted only once per pregnancy. We compared PCOS women with a concurrent diagnosis of hypothyroidism to those without. Women with hyperthyroidism were excluded. Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to adjust for confounding effects. Main results and the role of chance: Overall, 14,882 women met the inclusion criteria. Amongst them, 1,882 (12.65%) had a concomitant diagnosis of hypothyroidism, and 13,000 (87.35%) did not. Women with concomitant hypothyroidism, compared to those without, were characterized by increased maternal age (25.5% ≥35 years vs. 18%, p<0.001, respectively), and had a higher rate of multiple gestations (7.1% vs. 5.7%, p=0.023). Interestingly, pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were comparable between the groups, except for a higher rate of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) neonates in the group with hypothyroidism (4.1% vs. 3.2%, p=0.033), when not accounting for confounding effects. In a multivariate logistic regression adjusting for potential confounders, hypothyroidism was no longer found to be associated with SGA (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.32, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.99-1.75, p=0.057), but was found to increase the odds for preeclampsia (aOR 1.30, 95% CI 1.06-1.59, p=0.012). Of note when controlling for confounding effects, all other pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes were comparable between the groups, including pregnancy-induced hypertension; eclampsia; gestational diabetes mellitus; preterm premature rupture of membranes; preterm delivery; placental abruption; cesarean delivery; hysterectomy; post-partum hemorrhage; wound complications; maternal death; blood transfusions; maternal infection; venous thromboembolism; disseminated intravascular coagulation; SGA; intrauterine fetal death; and congenital anomalies. Limitations, reasons for caution: Due to our study's retrospective nature, some data is missing such as TSH levels, TPO antibody status, the time period in which hypothyroidism was diagnosed (pre-gestationally or during the 1st, 2nd or 3rd trimesters), and Levothyroxine treatment dose and compliance. Wider implications of the findings: Patients with PCOS and hypothyroidism during pregnancy should be managed with consideration of instituting both preventive measures for preeclampsia development and heightened blood pressure, proteinuria, and symptom monitoring. Interestingly, hypothyroidism did little to affect the already increased rates of pregnancy complications in PCOS. This should be further studied.
Fluoxetine toxicity in a neonate due to maternal exposure with apparent improvement on cessation of breastfeeding; Objective: Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are commonly prescribed in pregnancy. We report a case of fluoxetine toxicity in a neonate following maternal exposure. Case report: A male neonate weighing 3645 g was delivered using forceps following induction of labour at 39 weeks for suspected foetal macrosomia and polyhydramnios. The mother had a history of depression and took fluoxetine 40mg daily. There was no other significant medical history. Epidural analgesia was given. Apgar Scores were 1 at 1 minute, 9 at 5 minutes and 9 at 10 minutes. A venous cord gas taken at delivery showed a pH of 7.38. At 45 minutes postpartum, the baby developed respiratory distress syndrome with mixed respiratory and metabolic acidosis, becoming cyanosed and floppy requiring admission to the neonatal unit. Glucose was 3.4 mmol/L on admission. Abnormal movements, tremor, and extensor posturing were present initially but resolved within hours, although irritability and poor sleep were noted subsequently. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and electroencephalogram (EEG) were normal, and microbiological testing was negative. Gestational diabetes was excluded. Neonatal fluoxetine and norfluoxetine concentrations at age 7 days were measured at 17.2 and 108 ng/mL respectively (adult reference range 120-500 ng/mL). The mother elected to cease breastfeeding temporarily until she could become established on an alternative SSRI, and the patient switched to formula milk. Symptoms improved and the patient was discharged at age 16 days. He remained well at follow-up but was referred for routine echocardiography for a heart murmur detected on admission. Conclusion: Maternal exposure to fluoxetine was deemed to have caused serotonin toxicity on the basis of clinical presentation, measured drug concentrations, reduction in the severity of symptoms following cessation of breastfeeding, and exclusion of other potential causes. Fluoxetine is primarily metabolised by CYP 2D6, which is known to have relatively lower activity in early life, and has been shown to be transferred to infants in breast milk. Similar cases have been reported [1]. Fluoxetine toxicity in this neonate was managed supportively and through cessation of breastfeeding. Neonates may be particularly susceptible to toxicity due to their immature nervous system and drug metabolism pathways. Maternal transmission of fluoxetine is potentially easily missed as a cause of fever and irritability. Utilisation of advice specialist services such as the UK Teratology Information Service and the UK Drugs in Lactation Advisory Service can also aid management.
Season of delivery and risk of venous thromboembolism during hospitalization among pregnant women; Background: Seasons were found to be related to the occurrences of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in hospitalized patients. No previous study has explored whether seasons were associated with VTE risk in pregnant women. This study aimed to investigate the relationships between the season of delivery and VTE risk during hospitalization among pregnant women. Methods: This is a multi-center retrospective cohort study of pregnant women. Participants were those who delivered at seven designated sites in Hubei Province, China, during the period from January 2017 to December 2022. They were categorized according to their season/month of delivery. Information on new-onset VTE during hospitalization was followed. Results: Approximately 0.28% (104/37,778) of the pregnant women developed new-onset VTE during hospitalization for delivery. After adjustment, compared with participants in the spring group, participants in the summer, autumn, and winter groups had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization. The ORs were 2.59 [1.30, 5.15], 2.83 [1.43, 5.60], and 2.35 [1.17, 4.75] for the summer, autumn, and winter groups, respectively. Pregnant women in the combined group (summer + autumn + winter) had an increased risk of VTE during hospitalization than those in the spring group (OR, 2.59 [1.39, 4.85]). By restricting the analyses among pregnant women without in vitro fertilization, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preterm, the results still remained robust. Compared with participants who delivered in March, April, and May, participants who delivered in June, July, September, November, December, and February had a higher risk of VTE during hospitalization. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that pregnant women who delivered in summer, autumn, and winter had an increased VTE risk during hospitalization compared with those who delivered in spring.
The Risk of Perinatal Cardiovascular Complications in Pregnancies Conceived by Assisted Reproductive Technology; Background: Treatment with assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been associated with greater risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, yet the evidence is inconclusive. Objective: We aimed to examine the impact of ART on the risk of developing cardiovascular complications during pregnancy, in-hospital deliveries, and the early postpartum period. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using medical records from deliveries at a tertiary hospital in Louisiana from 2017 until mid-2022. Pregnancies achieved using ART were compared with unassisted pregnancies using propensity score matching based on factors related to demographics and preexisting health conditions, as well as reproductive factors. The study outcomes included gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, delivery complications, cesarean delivery, hemorrhage, and postpartum readmission. We used binomial logistic regression to generate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for all study outcomes. Results: Among 45,228 deliveries, 476 (1.06%) of the pregnancies had been achieved using ART and 44,752 (98.94%) of the pregnancies had been unassisted. ART pregnancies had significantly higher prevalence of gestational diabetes (17.4% versus 11.6%, P < 0.001), preeclampsia (10.3% versus 6.0%, P < 0.001), cesarean delivery (56.5% versus 34.5%, P < 0.001), and hemorrhage (19.5% versus 8.7%, P < 0.001). In a propensity score-matched sample of 405 ART pregnancies and 1,069 unassisted pregnancies, fertility treatment was associated with increased risk of cesarean delivery (OR, 1.33; 95% CI, 1.03-1.72) and hemorrhage (OR, 1.53; 95% CI, 1.08-2.16) but not increased risk of other outcomes. Conclusions: Women who conceived with ART were at increased risk of cesarean deliveries and hemorrhage but not other perinatal cardiovascular complications included in this study. Future studies should examine these associations by fertility treatment type (e.g., invasive versus noninvasive treatments).
Association of pregnancy complications/risk factors with the development of future long-term health conditions in women: Overarching protocol for umbrella reviews; Introduction With good medical care, most pregnancy complications like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, etc resolve after childbirth. However, pregnancy complications are known to be associated with an increased risk of new long-term health conditions for women later in life, such as cardiovascular disease. These umbrella reviews aim to summarise systematic reviews evaluating the association between pregnancy complications and five groups of long-term health conditions: autoimmune conditions, cancers, functional disorders, mental health conditions and metabolic health conditions (diabetes and hypertension). Methods and analysis We will conduct searches in Medline, Embase and the Cochrane database of systematic reviews without any language restrictions. We will include systematic reviews with or without meta-analyses that studied the association between pregnancy complications and the future risk of the five groups of long-term health conditions in women. Pregnancy complications were identified from existing core outcome sets for pregnancy and after consultation with experts. Two reviewers will independently screen the articles. Data will be synthesised with both narrative and quantitative methods. Where a meta-analysis has been carried out, we will report the combined effect size from individual studies. For binary data, pooled ORs with 95% CIs will be presented. For continuous data, we will use the mean difference with 95% CIs. The findings will be presented in forest plots to assess heterogeneity. The methodological quality of the studies will be evaluated with the AMSTAR 2 tool or the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The corrected covered area method will be used to assess the impact of overlap in reviews. The findings will be used to inform the design of prediction models, which will predict the risk of women developing these five group of health conditions following a pregnancy complication. Ethics and dissemination No ethical approvals required. Findings will be disseminated through publications in peer-reviewed journals and conference presentations.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Induces Autonomic Dysfunction and Heart Failure in Older Adult Offspring; Aims Offspring exposed to an adverse fetal environment, such as gestational diabetes, may manifest increased susceptibility to several chronic diseases later in life. In the present study, the cardiovascular function of three different ages of offspring from diabetic rats was evaluated. Methods and results Diabetes mellitus was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (50 mg/kg). The offspring from diabetic (OD) and control rats (OC) were evaluated at three different ages: 6, 12 or 18 months. In the corresponding OC groups, fasting glycemia, baseline mean arterial pressure, and sympathetic tonus increased in the OD rats at 12 (OD12) and 18 (OD18) months of age, while cardiac hypertrophy was observed in all OD groups. Cardiac function evaluation in vivo showed low left ventricular systolic pressure and+dP/dt in the OD18 rats, suggesting a systolic dysfunction. OD12 and OD18 groups showed high left ventricle end-diastolic pressure, suggesting a diastolic dysfunction. OD groups showed an age-related impairment of both baroreflex-mediated tachycardia and baroreflex-mediated bradycardia in OD12 and OD18 rats. In isolated hearts from OD18 rats, both inotropic and tachycardiac responses to increasing isoproterenol were significantly reduced compared to the corresponding OC group. Conclusion These results suggest that gestational diabetes triggers the onset of hyperglycemia hypertension with impaired baroreflex sensitivity and heart failure in older age of offspring, representing important risk factors for death. Therefore, ensuring optimal glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy is important and serves as a key to preventing cardiovascular disease in the offspring in their older age.
A nomogram prediction model for early death in patients with persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn; Background: Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) is a major lethal disorder in neonates that leads to an extremely high mortality rate. Thus, the early identification of adverse outcomes in PPHN is critical for clinical practice. This research attempted to develop a nomogram prediction system for assessing the mortality of newborns with PPHN. Methods: Two hundred and three newborns with PPHN diagnosed from January 2015 to March 2022 were involved in the study. The clinical features of these newborns and pregnancy details were compared between newborns in the survival and lethal groups. Univariable and multivariate analyses were established in sequence to demonstrate the essential risk factors. The nomogram prediction model was built. Results: A total of 203 newborns were included in the analysis. 136 (67.0%) newborns represented the hospital survival group. Plasma pH value (OR = 0.606, p = 0.000, 95% CI 0.45715–0.80315), septicemia (OR = 3.544, p = 0.000, 95% CI 1.85160–6.78300), and abnormal pregnancy history (OR = 3.331, p = 0.008, 95% CI 1.37550–8.06680) were identified as independent risk factors for neonatal death in newborns associated with PPHN. Finally, the nomogram predictive model was established based on multivariate analysis results, indicating the efficacies of prediction and calibration. Conclusion: This study generated an applicable risk score formula using the plasma pH value, septicemia, and abnormal pregnancy history to recognize neonatal death in newborns with PPHN, presenting a sufficient predictive value and calibration.
Mechanisms mediating the impact of maternal obesity on offspring hypothalamic development and later function; As obesity rates have risen around the world, so to have pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy is not only associated with negative health outcomes for the mother and the baby during pregnancy and birth, there is also strong evidence that exposure to maternal obesity causes an increased risk to develop obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Animal models have demonstrated that increased weight gain in offspring exposed to maternal obesity is usually preceded by increased food intake, implicating altered neuronal control of food intake as a likely area of change. The hypothalamus is the primary site in the brain for maintaining energy homeostasis, which it coordinates by sensing whole body nutrient status and appropriately adjusting parameters including food intake. The development of the hypothalamus is plastic and regulated by metabolic hormones such as leptin, ghrelin and insulin, making it vulnerable to disruption in an obese in utero environment. This review will summarise how the hypothalamus develops, how maternal obesity impacts on structure and function of the hypothalamus in the offspring, and the factors that are altered in an obese in utero environment that may mediate the permanent changes to hypothalamic function in exposed individuals.
Randomised clinical trial using Coronary Artery Calcium Scoring in Australian Women with Novel Cardiovascular Risk Factors (CAC-WOMEN Trial): Study protocol; Introduction Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women around the world. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women (Australian Indigenous women) have a high burden of CVD, occurring on average 10-20 years earlier than non-Indigenous women. Traditional risk prediction tools (eg, Framingham) underpredict CVD risk in women and Indigenous people and do not consider female-specific € risk-enhancers' such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and premature menopause. A CT coronary artery calcium score ( € CT-calcium score') can detect calcified atherosclerotic plaque well before the onset of symptoms, being the single best predictor for future cardiac events. A CT-calcium score may therefore help physicians intensify medical therapy in women with risk-enhancing factors. Methods and analysis This multisite, single-blind randomised (1:1) controlled trial of 700 women will assess the effectiveness of a CT-calcium score-guided approach on cardiovascular risk factor control and healthy lifestyle adherence, compared with standard care. Women without CVD aged 40-65 (35-65 for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women) at low-intermediate risk on standard risk calculators and with at least one risk-enhancing factor (eg, HDP, GDM, premature menopause) will be recruited. Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women will be actively recruited, aiming for ∼10% of the sample size. The 6-month coprimary outcomes will be low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and systolic blood pressure. Barriers and enablers will be assessed, and a health economic analysis performed. Ethics and dissemination Western Sydney Local Health District Research Ethics Committee (HREC 2021/ETH11250) provided ethics approval. Written informed consent will be obtained before randomisation. Consent will be sought for access to individual participant Medicare Benefits Schedule, Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme claims usage through Medicare Australia and linked Admitted Patient Data Collection. Study results will be disseminated via peer-reviewed publications and presentations at national and international conferences. Trial registration number ACTRN12621001738819p.
Risk factors for hearing loss in neonates admitted to neonatal intensive care units; Objective This study aimed to research risk factors of hearing loss among neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit. Method Hearing screening tests were performed on 572 neonates in the neonatal intensive care unit. Those who failed screening tests were referred for diagnostic tests. Results The pass rates for automated auditory brainstem response, distortion product otoacoustic emission and acoustic impedance tests at first hearing screening were 69.93 per cent, 70.02 per cent and 92.92 per cent for 1144 ears. Failure in the first screening correlated with preterm birth, very low birth weight, revised advanced maternal age, neonatal hyperbilirubinaemia and Activity, Pulse, Grimace, Appearance, Respiration score less than 8. Thirty cases failed in diagnostic hearing tests for brainstem auditory evoked potentials, 28 failed in otoacoustic emissions and 33 failed in acoustic impedance, which correlated with preterm birth, very low birth weight, twins, advanced maternal age and revised advanced maternal age. Conclusion Abnormalities in the hearing levels of most neonates who needed hearing retests were completely or partially reversible. Preterm birth, very low birth weight, twins and advanced maternal age are potential risk factors for hearing impairment.
Analysis of uptake, effectiveness and safety of COVID-19 vaccinations in pregnancy using the QResearch® database: research protocol and statistical analysis plan; Background The COVID-19 pandemic has affected millions of people globally with major health, social and economic consequences, prompting development of vaccines for use in the general population. However, vaccination uptake is lower in some groups, including in pregnant women, because of concerns regarding vaccine safety. There is evidence of increased risk of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection, but fear of vaccine-associated adverse events on the baby both in short and longer term is one of the main drivers of low uptake for this group. Other vaccines commonly used in pregnancy include influenza and pertussis. These both have reportedly higher uptake compared with COVID-19 vaccination, which may be because they are perceived to be safer. In this study, we will undertake an independent evaluation of the uptake, effectiveness and safety of COVID-19 vaccinations in pregnant women using the QResearch primary care database in England. Objectives A. To determine COVID-19 vaccine uptake in pregnant women compared to uptake of influenza and pertussis vaccinations. B. To estimate COVID-19 vaccine effectiveness in pregnant women by evaluating the risk of severe COVID-19 outcomes following vaccination. C. To assess the safety of COVID-19 vaccination in pregnancy by evaluating the risks of adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes and adverse events of special interest for vaccine safety after COVID-19 vaccination compared with influenza and pertussis vaccinations. Methods This population-based study uses the QResearch® database of primary health care records, linked to individual-level data on hospital admissions, mortality, COVID-19 vaccination, SARS-CoV-2 testing data and congenital anomalies. We will include women aged 16 to 49 years with at least one pregnancy during the study period of 30th December 2020 to the latest date available. Babies born during the study period will be identified and linked to the mother’s record, where possible. We will describe vaccine uptake in pregnant women by trimester and population subgroups defined by demographics and other characteristics. Cox proportional hazards multivariable regression will be used to identify factors associated with vaccine uptake. The effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines in pregnant women will be assessed using a nested matched case-control design to assess hospitalisation, intensive care admission and death with COVID-19. Cases who had the outcome will be matched with up to 10 controls who did not have the outcome on that date by age, calendar date and trimester of pregnancy using incidence density sampling for the occurrence of each outcome after each vaccine dose compared with unvaccinated individuals. For the safety analysis, we will we use logistic regression analyses to determine unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios for the occurrence of maternal (e.g. miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy and gestational diabetes) and perinatal outcomes (e.g. stillbirth, small for gestational age and congenital anomalies) by vaccination status compared to unvaccinated individuals. For the adverse events of special interest for vaccine safety (e.g. venous thromboembolism, myocarditis and Guillain Barre syndrome), we will use time varying Royston-Palmar regression analyses to determine unadjusted and adjusted hazard ratios for the occurrence of each outcome by vaccination status to unvaccinated individuals. Ethics and dissemination QResearch is a Research Ethics Approved Research Database with ongoing approval from the East Midlands Multi-Centre Research Ethics Committee (Ref: 18/EM/0400). This study was approved by the QResearch Scientific Committee on 9th June 2022. This research protocol has been developed with support from a patient and public involvement panel, who will continue to provide input throughout the duration of the study. Research findings will be submitted to pre-print servers such as MedRxIv, academic publication and disseminated more broadly through media releases and community groups and conference presentations.
Clinical characteristics, diagnosis, and management outcome of surfactant deficiency respiratory distress syndrome in term and near-term neonates. A retrospective observational study; Aim: This study aims to describe the clinical characteristics of SRDS in term and late preterm neonates. Methods: This is an observation retrospective chart review of full-term and late preterm neonates born older than 35 to 41 weeks gestation age diagnosed with SRDS. The diagnosis was based on clinical & radiological manifestations of SRDS. Results: 1547 neonates were admitted during this period to NICU with a diagnosis of increased work of breathing for further management. 117 cases of term and near-term neonates (mean GA = 36.8 wks) had a confirmed diagnosis of Surfactant deficiency SRDS. Who compared 60 preterm neonates with SRDS less than 35 weeks gestation (mean GA 27.5 wks) as a control. The mean birth weight was 2.8 kg vs 1.1 kg in the preterm group. SRDS occurs more among the male gender (58%), with CS in 78.6% of all diagnosed cases. No apparent cause was found in 28.2%, while 37.6% of all cases were born to mothers with diabetes mellitus, and 27% were born to mothers with either GBs infection, maternal chorioamnionitis, or prolonged rupture of the membrane. Conclusion: SRDS is not uncommon among full-term and near-term neonates (10/1000 live birth). By far, the most common associated risk factors are maternal diabetes mellitus and cesarean section. It affects males more than females. Most cases will run a mild-to-moderate course that responds to non-invasive ventilation. (www.actabiomedica.it).
Left atrial shortening fraction to predict fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the diagnostic efficiency of left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) in the detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities and dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In this study, we enrolled 256 pregnant women and divided them into GDM group (n = 156) and control group (n = 100). Fetal echocardiography was performed at 24–28 weeks of gestation to measure the LASF and interventricular septum (IVS) thickness. Based on IVS thickness, the GDM group was subdivided into the septal hypertrophy group (GDM I, n = 62) and non-septal hypertrophy group (GDM II, n = 94). LASF and IVS thickness were compared between the GDM and control groups and between GDM I and GDM II groups. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis was performed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of LASF in predicting septal hypertrophy. Results: The GDM group had a larger IVS thickness (P < 0.05) but a lower LASF level (P < 0.001) than those of the control group. GDM I group had significantly lower LASF level than that in the GDM II group (P < 0.001). At 38.41% as the cutoff value, the LASF can predict septal hypertrophy with diagnostic sensitivity and specificity of 96.7% and 65.2%, respectively. Conclusion: Fetal GDM are more likely to induce septal hypertrophy and ventricular dysfunction. LASF is a good indicator of septal hypertrophy or early diastolic dysfunction without septal hypertrophy.
Aortopulmonary window and coronary anatomy - Still a pre-operative diagnostic trouble!; We present a case of aortopulmonary window in which the diagnosis of anomalous left coronary artery originating from pulmonary artery was made intra-operatively even if the coronary arteries anatomy was correctly studied pre-operatively with echocardiography. No evidence of coronary anomalies or indirect sings of coronary anomalies has been noted. Should we improve our pre-operative diagnostic accuracy and how?
Unexpected case of postnatal pancreatitis: first presentation of autoimmune diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the first onset of glucose intolerance in pregnancy without prior known diabetes. While it is commonly associated with metabolic risk factors such as obesity and hypertension, a small percentage of women with GDM have underlying autoimmune causes, with presence of islet-cell antibodies resulting in autoimmune-mediated destruction of the pancreas. We present a case of idiopathic postpartum pancreatitis precipitating fulminant diabetic ketoacidosis in a patient with otherwise well-controlled GDM during pregnancy, and subsequent findings of positive anti-glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody. This is the first presentation of autoimmune diabetes diagnosed postnatally in a woman who has no previous medical or family history.
Hypothermia in neonates born by caesarean section at a tertiary hospital in South Africa; Introduction: neonatal hypothermia has previously been noted in a large proportion of neonates born through Caesarean section at Chris Hani Baragwanath Hospital (CHBAH), yet no study in South Africa specifically explores the extent and severity of the threat of hypothermia to this population of neonates. Objectives: to describe the proportion and severity of neonatal hypothermia in infants born via Caesarean section at CHBAH as well as to document and describe possible contributing factors to neonatal hypothermia in this population. Methods: A neonatal unit's database records were reviewed for demographic information of patients and their mothers, clinical characteristics, body temperature and outcomes. Comparisons between normothermic and hypothermic neonates were performed. Results: Forty-one percent of neonates born via Caesarean section had hypothermia at birth, of whom 71%, 27% and 2% had mild, moderate and severe hypothermia, respectively. Prevalence of admission hypothermia was 42%. On average, neonates were born at term and were of normal birth weight. No maternal factors were found to be statistically significant. Bag-mask ventilation (BMV) and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) [3.4% vs. 0.7%, p-0.033; OR 2.67 (95% CI: 1.06–6.77)] and an elevated lactate [13.25 vs. 3.2 mmol/l, p-0.032; OR 1.13 (95% CI: 1.01–1.26)] were associated with hypothermia. In the multivariable logistic regression analysis hypothermia in neonates was associated with an elevated lactate. Conclusions: Prevalence of hypothermia in neonates born by Caesarean section is high and further prospective studies are required to elucidate the factors contributing to this.
Early and late onset preeclampsia associated with different placental pathology and clinical risk characteristics; Background: Preeclampsia is classified as early onset and late onset types with different clinical manifestation and pathogenesis. Placental pathology of preeclampsia has been largely based on description of the early onset type, and the morphologic features of placenta from late onset preeclampsia were similar to those of non-preeclamptic placentas. Objective: To identify clinically relevant maternal and neonatal risk characteristics and placental pathology for early onset and late onset preeclampsia. Study design We have collected all placental pathology information as well as maternal and neonatal birth information from March 2020 to December 2021 including preeclampsia and non-preeclampsia patients. We compared preterm and term preeclampsia in regards to maternal and neonatal complication and placental pathology by using logistic regression models to determine the important clinical risk factors associated with preeclampsia and placental pathology. Results A total 3724 placentas including 614 placentas from preeclamptic and 3110 non-preeclamptic patients were studied. Preterm preeclampsia (<37 weeks) was similar to early onset preeclampsia (<34 weeks) in maternal and neonatal complications as well as placental pathology, and these features were statistically different from those from term preeclampsia. More male fetuses were associated with early onset preeclampsia and female fetuses associated with late onset term preeclampsia when compared to non-preeclamptic patients. Maternal race/ethnicity and marital status were associated with preeclampsia but this association was no longer significant after logistic regression analysis. Preterm preeclampsia was statistically associated with gestational diabetes, placental infarcts, intrauterine fetal growth restriction and fetal vascular malperfusion, whereas term preeclampsia was associated with decidual vasculopathy and maternal obesity. Conclusions Early onset preeclampsia is a different clinical syndrome from the late onset type with clinical implication of pathogenesis and management.
The impact of bariatric surgery on assisted reproductive technology outcomes: a systematic review protocol; Background: Individuals with obesity are at higher risk of experiencing complications during their pregnancy and may also experience infertility, requiring assisted reproductive technologies (ART) to conceive. The current body of literature demonstrates that bariatric surgery decreases an individual’s risk of developing a variety of obesity-related obstetrical conditions during and after pregnancy. However, the effects of bariatric surgery on ART outcomes are not well understood. Therefore, the paucity in the literature warrants a need to determine these effects. Methods: We will search electronic databases, including MEDLINE, Embase, Scopus, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), as well as the gray literature and the reference lists of included articles. We will screen all studies published between January 1978 and the present day that explore the impact of bariatric surgery on ART outcomes for women and men. We will include observational studies. Two independent reviewers will assess the studies for inclusion and extract data for each article. The main outcome that will be analyzed is live birth rate. Secondary outcomes such as time to conception, number of rounds of ART, type of bariatric surgery, and length of time between bariatric surgery and initiation of ART will also be recorded. Risk of bias will be conducted using the National Institutes of Health Study Quality Assessment Tools. A random effects model will be used to account for statistical analysis and results will be pooled with forest plots. In the event of statistical and reporting heterogeneity, we will provide a qualitative synthesis and narrative review of the results. Discussion: This review will provide information on the outcomes of ART following bariatric surgery and may help healthcare professionals make informed decisions about the length of time between bariatric surgery and initiation of ART. The study findings may be of interest to various stakeholders including patients, bariatric surgeons, obstetricians, and gynecologists, and those who specialize in obesity medicine and reproductive endocrinology and infertility. We plan to disseminate our findings through presentations, publications, and social media releases to individuals who are navigating infertility and are interested in undergoing or have undergone bariatric surgery, healthcare professionals, policymakers, and researchers. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42021252561
Role of Birth Order in the Development of Retinopathy of Prematurity in Multiple Gestation: a Study of 1040 Asian Indian Premature Infants; To evaluate the role of birth order in the development of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) in Asian Indian infants of multiple gestations. A total of 1257 infants born from multiple gestations, screened for ROP between January 2011 to December 2017 under the Karnataka Internet Assisted Diagnosis of Retinopathy of Prematurity (KIDROP) program, were included. The online database of a detailed demographic and clinical record was used for the analysis. Details of postnatal interventions like use of supplemental oxygen, neonatal diseases, congenital heart diseases, phototherapy, and plurality (twins or triplets) were noted. The data was analysed to compare the distribution of ROP and risk factors across the plurality of birth. Of the 1257 infants, 1040 (82.7%) with complete data were included for the analysis. The mean BW of the study cohort was 1605 g (95% CI, 1583–1628 g) and the mean GA was 32.8 weeks (95% CI, 32.7–33.0 weeks). Of the 1040 infants, 719 infants (69.13%) had no ROP and 321 (30.87%) had any stage ROP. Any ROP was seen in 30.80% of first born, 31.00% of second born, and 30.8% of the third born, but this was not statistically significant. Type 1 ROP was seen in 6.3% of first born, 7.5% of second born, and in none of the third born. The incidence of ROP among multiple gestations seems to be dependent on birth weight, irrespective of the birth order. A normal screening protocol used for singleton infants should suffice for infants born out of plurality.
A mouse model of gestational diabetes shows dysregulated lipid metabolism post-weaning, after return to euglycaemia; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease for the mother in the decade after delivery. However, the molecular mechanisms that drive these effects are unknown. Recent studies in humans have shown that lipid metabolism is dysregulated before diagnosis of and during gestational diabetes and we have shown previously that lipid metabolism is also altered in obese female mice before, during and after pregnancy. These observations led us to the hypothesis that this persistent dysregulation reflects an altered control of lipid distribution throughout the organism. Methods: We tested this in post-weaning (PW) dams using our established mouse model of obese GDM (high fat, high sugar, obesogenic diet) and an updated purpose-built computational tool for plotting the distribution of lipid variables throughout the maternal system (Lipid Traffic Analysis v2.3). Results: This network analysis showed that unlike hyperglycaemia, lipid distribution and traffic do not return to normal after pregnancy in obese mouse dams. A greater range of phosphatidylcholines was found throughout the lean compared to obese post-weaning dams. A range of triglycerides that were found in the hearts of lean post-weaning dams were only found in the livers of obese post-weaning dams and the abundance of odd-chain FA-containing lipids differed locally in the two groups. We have therefore shown that the control of lipid distribution changed for several metabolic pathways, with evidence for changes to the regulation of phospholipid biosynthesis and FA distribution, in a number of tissues. Conclusions: We conclude that the control of lipid metabolism is altered following an obese pregnancy. These results support the hypothesis that obese dams that developed GDM maintain dysregulated lipid metabolism after pregnancy even when glycaemia returned to normal, and that these alterations could contribute to the increased risk of later type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Severe phenotypes of B3GAT3-related disorder caused by two heterozygous variants: a case report and literature review; Background: Linkeropathies refers to a series of extremely rare hereditary connective tissue diseases affected by various glycosyltransferases in the biosynthesis of proteoglycans. We report for the first time two heterozygous variants of B3GAT3 in a Chinese infant, in whom Marfan syndrome was suspected at birth. Case presentation: A 2-month-old boy from a non-consanguineous Chinese family without a family history presented severe phenotypes of joint dislocation, obvious flexion contractures of the elbow, arachnodactyly with slightly adducted thumbs, cranial dysplasia, foot abnormalities and aortic root dilation; Marfan syndrome was suspected at birth. Our patient was the youngest, at the age of 2 months, to experience aortic root dilation. Two B3GAT3 variants, NM_012200.2, c.752T>C, p.V251A and c.47C>A, p.S16*, with heterozygosity were identified in the patient by whole-exome sequencing; the variants were inherited from his parents. During close follow-up, significant changes in the cranial profile and obvious external hydrocephalus were present at the age of 7 months, which differs from previously reported cases. Conclusion: We diagnosed a patient with congenital heart defects at an early age with a B3GAT3-related disorder instead of Marfan syndrome and expanded the spectrum of B3GAT3-related disorders. We also provide a literature review of reported B3GAT3 cases; for at least one of the variants, this is the first report of genotype–phenotype correlations in individuals with cardiovascular defects being related to the acceptor substrate-binding subdomain of B3GAT3.
Comparison of clinical features and pregnancy outcomes in early- and late-onset preeclampsia with HELLP syndrome: a 10-year retrospective study from a tertiary hospital and referral center in China; Background: Early-onset preeclampsia (EO-PE) and late-onset preeclampsia (LO-PE) are different subtypes of preeclampsia. We conducted this study to analyze the similarities and differences in the clinical features and pregnancy outcomes in EO- and LO-PE with HELLP syndrome. Methods: This was a retrospective study in a tertiary hospital. Eighty-three parturients with HELLP syndrome were allocated into two groups based on the timing of preeclampsia onset: EO-PE with HELLP (n = 47) and LO-PE with HELLP (n = 36). Results: In total, 31.9% and 63.9% of women in the EO-PE with HELLP and LO-PE with HELLP groups, respectively, were asymptomatic at diagnosis (P = 0.004, OR = 0.265 (0.106–0.662)). Headache or visual symptoms were more frequent in the EO-PE group than in the LO-PE group (48.9% vs. 25%, P = 0.026, OR = 0.348 (0.135–0.896)). Women in the EO-PE with HELLP group had higher SBP and DBP than those in the LO-PE with HELLP group. Laboratory tests, including platelets, liver function, and hemolysis, which are the main indicators for the diagnosis of HELLP syndrome, showed almost no significant differences between the two groups, with kidney function being the only difference observed. Women in the EO-PE with HELLP group had higher Scr than those in the LO-PE with HELLP group. The degree of proteinuria was higher in the EO-PE group than in the LO-PE with HELLP group. The incidence of severe maternal complications was significantly higher in the EO-PE group than in the LO-PE with HELLP group (25.5% vs. 5.6%, P = 0.016, OR = 0.172 (0.036–0.824)). In total, 57.4% and 8.3% of neonates in the EO-PE and LO-PE with HELLP groups were admitted to the NICU, and the difference was statistically significant, even after adjustment for the delivery week (P = 0.009, OR = 0.830 (0.729–0.944)). Postpartum HELLP syndrome was more common in the LO-PE group than in the EO-PE group (30.6% vs. 4.3%, P = 0.001, OR = 9.9 (2.031–48.256)). Conclusions: Compared with LO-PE with HELLP patients, EO-PE with HELLP patients have more obvious kidney damage, higher blood pressure and a higher risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Patients with LO-PE need to be alerted to the occurrence of HELLP syndrome after delivery.
DNA methylation changes in cord blood and the developmental origins of health and disease – a systematic review and replication study; Background: Environmental exposures in utero which modify DNA methylation may have a long-lasting impact on health and disease in offspring. We aimed to identify and replicate previously published genomic loci where DNA methylation changes are attributable to in utero exposures in the NutriGen birth cohort studies Alliance. Methods: We reviewed the literature to identify differentially methylated sites of newborn DNA which are associated with the following five traits of interest maternal diabetes, pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), diet during pregnancy, smoking, and gestational age. We then attempted to replicate these published associations in the Canadian Healthy Infant Longitudinal Development (CHILD) and the South Asian birth cohort (START) cord blood epigenome-wide data. Results: We screened 68 full-text articles and identified a total of 17 cord blood epigenome-wide association studies (EWAS) of the traits of interest. Out of the 290 CpG sites reported, 19 were identified in more than one study; all of them associated with maternal smoking. In CHILD and START EWAS, thousands of sites associated with gestational age were identified and maintained significance after correction for multiple testing. In CHILD, there was differential methylation observed for 8 of the published maternal smoking sites. No other traits tested (i.e., folate levels, gestational diabetes, birthweight) replicated in the CHILD or START cohorts. Conclusions: Maternal smoking during pregnancy and gestational age are strongly associated with differential methylation in offspring cord blood, as assessed in the EWAS literature and our birth cohorts. There are a limited number of reported methylation sites associated in more than two independent studies related to pregnancy. Additional large studies of diverse populations with fine phenotyping are needed to produce robust epigenome-wide data in order to further elucidate the effect of intrauterine exposures on the infants’ methylome.
Amniotic fluid embolism rescued by venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation; Background: Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare but often catastrophic complication of pregnancy that leads to cardiopulmonary dysfunction and severe disseminated intravascular coagulopathy (DIC). Although few case reports have reported successful use of venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (VA-ECMO) with AFE, concerns can be raised about the increased bleeding risks with that device. Methods: This study included patients with AFE rescued by VA-ECMO hospitalized in two high ECMO volume centers between August 2008 and February 2021. Clinical characteristics, critical care management, in-intensive care unit (ICU) complications, and hospital outcomes were collected. ICU survivors were assessed for health-related quality of life (HRQL) in May 2021. Results: During that 13-year study period, VA-ECMO was initiated in 54 parturient women in two high ECMO volume centers. Among that population, 10 patients with AFE [median (range) age 33 (24–40), SAPS II at 69 (56–81)] who fulfilled our diagnosis criteria were treated with VA-ECMO. Pregnancy evolved for 36 (30–41) weeks. Seven patients had a cardiac arrest before ECMO and two were cannulated under cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Pre-ECMO hemodynamic was severely impaired with an inotrope score at 370 (55–1530) μg/kg/min, a severe left ventricular ejection fraction measured at 14 (0–40)%, and lactate at 12 (2–30) mmol/L. 70% of these patients were alive at hospital discharge despite an extreme pre-ECMO severity and massive blood product transfusion. However, HRQL was lower than age-matched controls and still profoundly impaired in the role-physical, bodily pain, and general health components after a median of 44 months follow-up. Conclusion: In this rare per-delivery complication, our results support the use of VA-ECMO despite intense DIC and ongoing bleeding. Future studies should focus on customized, patient-centered, rehabilitation programs that could lead to improved HRQL in this population.
Pregnancy maternal fetal outcomes among pregnancies complicated with atrioventricular block; Background: Atrioventricular block (AVB) during pregnancy is rare. Case study for pregnancy with AVB have been reported but a consensus guideline for peripartum management has not been established. This study aimed to investigate cardiac and obstetric complications and outcomes in our pregnant women with AVB and share our management experience. Methods: This was a retrospective study. We reviewed a total of 74 pregnant women with AVB who delivered at our tertiary care center in the past 10 years. The patients were categorized into four groups according to the degree of block. The data were analyzed and compared among the four groups of patients. Results: Regarding the cardiac complications, the cardiac function level showed significant difference among patient groups. The higher NYHA class were observed in patients with higher degree AVB. Pacemaker was placed before delivery in 32/33 patients with III° AVB, 8/25 patients with II° AVB, and 0/16 patient with I° AVB. Other types of arrhythmias except AVB were present in all groups of patients but more frequently observed in type I patients with II° AVB. No other heart abnormalities were observed among the patient groups. Obstetric complications were found in 21 women (28.4%), including premature labor, premature rupture of membranes (PROM), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, etc. The incidence rate of fetal cardiac abnormalities was 6.58%. But no statistical difference was detected among four groups of patients for fetal and maternal complications and fetal cardiac abnormalities (P>0.05). Caesarean section was performed more in patients with high-degree AVB than in patients with low-degree AVB. No maternal or neonatal death in our cases. Conclusions: Most women with AVB could achieve successful pregnancy and delivery. Patients with II° AVB type II and III° AVB should be monitored vigilantly during pregnancy and post-partum. Temporary pacing before delivery appeared to be beneficial for women with III°AVB, and accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team was recommended.
The implications of exosomes in pregnancy: emerging as new diagnostic markers and therapeutics targets; Extracellular vehicles (EVs) are a heterogeneous group of cell and membranous particles originating from different cell compartments. EVs participate in many essential physiological functions and mediate fetal-maternal communications. Exosomes are the smallest unit of EVs, which are delivered to the extracellular space. Exosomes can be released by the umbilical cord, placenta, amniotic fluid, and amniotic membranes and are involved in angiogenesis, endothelial cell migration, and embryo implantation. Also, various diseases such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction can be related to the content of placental exosomes during pregnancy. Due to exosomes' ability to transport signaling molecules and their effect on sperm function, they can also play a role in male and female infertility. In the new insight, exosomal miRNA can diagnose and treat infertilities disorders. In this review, we focused on the functions of exosomes during pregnancy. [MediaObject not available: see fulltext.].
Red blood cell transfusions post diagnosis of necrotizing enterocolitis and the deterioration of necrotizing enterocolitis in full-term and near-term infants: a propensity score adjustment retrospective cohort study; Background: Necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) is one of serious gastrointestinal inflammatory diseases in newborn infants, with a high morbidity and mortality. Red blood cell transfusion (RBCT) plays a controversial and doubtful role in the treatment of NEC. In present study, we aim to analyze the association between RBCT and the deterioration of NEC. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of near-term and full-term infants with a confirmed diagnosis of Bell’s stage II NEC between Jan 1, 2010 and Jan 31, 2020. The maternal and infant baseline characteristics, treatment information and laboratory test for each case were collected. The eligible subjects were divided into two groups based on receiving RBCT post NEC diagnosis or not. The propensity score was used to eliminate potential bias and baseline differences. A multivariate logistic regression model was used to adjust the propensity score and calculate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidential interval (CI) of RBCT for the deterioration of NEC. Results: A total of 242 infants were included in this study, 60 infants had a history of RBCT post NEC diagnosis, and 40 infants deteriorated from Bell’s stage II to stage III. By adjusting the propensity score, RBCT post NEC diagnosis was associated with an increased risk for NEC deteriorating from stage II to III (adjusted OR 6.06, 95%CI 2.94–12.50, P = 0.000). Conclusions: NEC infants who required RBCT post NEC diagnosis were more likely to deteriorate from stage II to III in full-term and near-term infants.
Preconception leisure-time physical activity and family history of stroke and myocardial infarction associate with preterm delivery: findings from a Norwegian cohort; Background: Preterm birth poses short and long-term health consequences for mothers and offspring including cardiovascular disease sequelae. However, studies evaluating preexisting family history of cardiovascular disease and risk factors, such as physical activity, as they relate prospectively to risk of delivering preterm are lacking. Objectives: To evaluate whether preconception past-year weekly leisure-time physical activity or a family history of stroke or of myocardical infarction prior to age 60 years in first degree relatives associated, prospectively, with preterm delivery. Design: Cohort study. Baseline data from Cohort Norway (1994–2003) health surveys were linked to the Medical Birth Registry of Norway for identification of all subsequent births (1994–2012). Logistic regression models provided odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for preterm delivery (< 37 weeks gestation); multinomial logistic regression provided OR for early preterm (< 34 weeks) and late preterm (34 through to end of 36 weeks gestation) relative to term deliveries. Results: Mean (SD) length of time from baseline health survey participation to delivery was 5.6 (3.5) years. A family history of stroke associated with a 62% greater risk for late preterm deliveries (OR 1.62; CI 1.07–2.47), while a family history of myocardial infarction associated with a 66% greater risk of early preterm deliveries (OR 1.66; CI 1.11–2.49). Sensitivity analyses, removing pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, and stillbirth deliveries, gave similar results. Preconception vigorous physical activity of three or more hours relative to less than 1 h per week associated with increased risk of early preterm delivery (OR 1.52; 95% CI 1.01–2.30), but not late or total preterm deliveries. Light physical activity of three or more hours per week relative to less activity prior to pregnancy was not associated with early, late, or total preterm deliveries. Conclusions: Results suggest that family history of cardiovascular disease may help identify women at risk for preterm delivery. Further, research is needed regarding preconception and very early pregnancy vigorous physical activity and associated risks.
NT-proBNP as a predictor of death and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes; Existing risk prediction scores based on clinical and laboratory variables have been considered inaccurate in patients with Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Circulating concentrations of natriuretic peptides have been used to aid in the diagnosis and to predict outcomes in heart failure. However, there is a growing body of evidence for the use of natriuretic peptides measurements, mainly N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), as a tool in risk stratification for individuals with T2DM. Studies have demonstrated the ability of NT-proBNP to improve outcomes prediction when incorporated into multivariate models. More recently, evidence has emerged of the discriminatory power of NT-proBNP, demonstrating, as a single variable, a similar and even superior ability to multivariate risk models for the prediction of death and cardiovascular events in individuals with T2DM. Natriuretic peptides are synthesized and released from the myocardium as a counter-regulatory response to increased cardiac wall stress, sympathetic tone, and vasoconstriction, acting on various systems and affecting different biological processes. In this article, we present a review of the accumulated knowledge about these biomarkers, underscoring the strength of the evidence of their predictive ability for fatal and non-fatal outcomes. It is likely that, by influencing the functioning of many organs, these biomarkers integrate information from different systems. Although not yet recommended by guidelines, measurement of natriuretic peptides, and particularly NT-proBNP, should be strongly considered in the risk stratification of individuals with T2DM.
Hemodynamic parameters after Delayed Cord Clamping (DCC) in term neonates: a prospective observational study; Background: Delayed cord clamping (DCC) is practiced worldwide, as standard care in both term and preterm babies. Our aim was to determine the hemodynamic effects of DCC on transitional circulation. Material and methods: This prospective observational study was carried out in a tertiary care hospital, at Pune, India, from May 2018 to October 2019.Term neonates born during the study period were included. The primary outcome variables of the study were right ventricular output (RVO), left ventricular output (LVO), superior vena cava (SVC) flow (ml/kg/min) and heart rate(HR) at 12 ± 6 and 48 ± 6 h of life measured by point of care functional echocardiography. Inter-observer and intra-observer variability was calculated for these parameters. Results: Out of a total of 2744 deliveries during the study period, 620 babies were included. Mean gestational age of the enrolled babies was 38.96 ± 1.08 weeks and mean birth weight was 2.9 ± 0.39 kg. Mean heart rate of babies recorded at 12 ± 6 h of life was 127 beats per minute (bpm) whereas it was 128 bpm at 48 ± 6 h of life. RVO {mean (SD)} was 209.55(44.89) and 205.85(46.35) ml/kg/min, LVO {mean (SD)} was 133.68(31.15) and 134.78(29.84) ml/kg/min whereas SVC flow {mean (SD)} was 106.85(26.21) and 109.29(25.11) ml/kg/min at 12 ± 6 and 48 ± 6 h of life respectively. There was good intra-observer agreement in all the variables. SGA babies had a significantly higher heart rate at 12 ± 6 h of life as compared to AGA babies, although this difference in heart rate could not be appreciated at 48 ± 6 h of life. However SGA babies had a higher LVO, RVO and SVC flow than AGA babies at both the time points of observation. Conclusion: After DCC there is less fluctuation in the hemodynamic parameters (heart rate, cardiac output) at the two time points of observation. As compared to AGA babies, SGA babies had a significantly higher baseline heart rate, LVO, RVO and SVC flow. LVO of SGA babies after delayed cord clamping is found to be significantly lower than LVO seen in other studies, favoring the cardio-stabilizing effect of DCC. Brief rationale: This is the first study with a large sample size evaluating the hemodynamic effects of DCC in term neonates by functional echocardiography. The normative data of heart rate and cardiac output of term, stable babies with small for gestational age(SGA) as a special subgroup undergoing DCC requires further evaluation.
Association between first birth caesarean delivery and adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy: a registry-based study in Northern Tanzania; Background: Caesarean delivery (CD) is the commonest obstetric surgery and surgical intervention to save lives of the mother and/or the new-borns. Despite been accepted as safe procedure, caesarean delivery has an increased risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The rising rate of caesarean delivery has been a major public health concern worldwide and the consequences that come along with it urgently need to be assessed, especially in resource limited settings. We aimed to examine the relationship between first birth caesarean delivery and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy among women who delivered at a tertiary hospital in Northern Tanzania. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted using maternally-linked data from Kilimanjaro Christian Medical Centre. All women who had singleton second delivery between the years 2011 to 2015 were studied. A total of 5,984 women with singleton second delivery were analysed. Multivariable log-binomial regression was used to determine the association between first caesarean delivery and maternal-perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy. Results: Caesarean delivery in the first birth was associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in the second pregnancy. These included repeated CD (ARR 1.19; 95% CI: 1.05–1.34), pre/eclampsia (ARR 1.38; 95% CI: 1.06–1.78), gestational diabetes mellitus (ARR 2.80; 95% CI: 1.07–7.36), uterine rupture (ARR 1.56; CI: 1.05–2.32), peri-partum hysterectomy (ARR 2.28; CI: 1.04–5.02) and preterm birth (ARR 1.21; CI: 1.05–1.38). Conclusion: Caesarean delivery in their first pregnancy had an increased risk of repeated caesarean delivery and other adverse maternal-perinatal outcomes in the following pregnancy. Findings from this study highlight the importance of devising regional specific measures to mitigate unnecessary primary caesarean delivery. Additionally, these findings may help both clinicians and women in deciding against or for trial of labor after previous caesarean delivery in an event of absent direct obstetric indication.
Association of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio with preterm necrotizing enterocolitis: a retrospective case-control study; Background: There have been few studies on the relationship between the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC). We conducted a retrospective case-control study to investigate this relationship in preterm neonates. Methods: A total of 199 preterm neonates diagnosed with NEC between January 2018 and January 2020 were included in this study. For each preterm infant with NEC that was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), controls were preterm neonates (matched for gestation and year of birth) who were not diagnosed with NEC. Exclusion criteria were post-maturity, small or large for gestational age (week of pregnancy), congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were used to identify the association between NLR and preterm NEC. Results: This study included 93 preterm neonates with NEC and 106 matched controls. There were no significant differences in gestational age (GA), birth weight (BW), age, sex, vaginal delivery (VD), chorioamnionitis (CA), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) between the groups. Compared with the control group, the lower and higher NLR levels in the NEC group were statistically different. Following univariate analysis, NLR was a risk factor for NEC (odds ratio [OR], 1.40; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.00–1.90; P = 0.042), and according to multivariate analysis, risk factors for NEC were NLR ≥ 3.20 and NLR < 1.60, within 1 week before NEC diagnosis. Thus, NLR values of ≥ 1.60 and < 3.20 were determined as the predictive cut-off values for protecting preterm infants from NEC (Model I: OR, 0.20; 95% CI, 0.10–0.40; P < 0.001) and (Model II: OR, 0.10; 95% CI, 0.00–0.40; P < 0.001]. Conclusions: NLR ≥ 1.60 and NLR < 3.20 were associated with a decreased risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Serum levels of vitamin d and lipid profile in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome: A comparative study; Background: Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most frequent endocrine illnesses in women of reproductive age. It affects around 5-10% of the world's population. Irregular menstrual cycles, prolonged anovulation and hyperandrogenism are all symptoms of the disease. Hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia and cardiovascular disease may develop over time. Aim:To compare the lipid profile and vitamin D levels in women with and without PCOS in relation to obesity and to determine the Luteinizing hormone[LH], Follicle Stimulating Hormone[FSH], prolactin[prl] levels in women with PCOS in relation to obesity Method: A total of 152 subjects were taken for the study.76 PCOS patients were identified ultrasonographically and clinically from November 2015 to July 2017, and 76 normal menstruatingwomen served as controls in the study conducted at Deccan Medical College and Princess EsraHospital, Hyderabad. All the subjects were categorized as obese or lean based on their BMI. Results: In comparison to obese participants without PCOS, PCOS obese subjects had higher TG and TC levels and lower HDL levels, according to the study. When compared to lean subjects without PCOS, PCOS lean subjects had higher TG, TC, and LDL values. The HDL levels of PCOS lean patients were observed to be lower than those of lean subjects without PCOS. Vitamin D levels were also shown to be considerably lower in PCOS patients (both obese and non-obese) than in healthy controls. Conclusion: Supplementary retrospective data-based revisions and randomized meticulous tests with recurrent Vitamin D estimations are required to determine whether Vitamin D deficiency is a co-determinant of hormonal and metabolic irregularities in PCOS, a byproduct of hormonal and metabolic un-evenness in PCOS, or both.
The risk for future cerebrovascular disease in pregnant women with Moyamoya disease: a nationwide population-based study in South Korea; Background: Physiologic changes during pregnancy affect the development of postpartum cerebrovascular disease (CVD) in women with Moyamoya disease. Due to the rare prevalence of Moyamoya disease and its large regional variations, large-scale based studies on the risk of CVD after delivery have not been conducted. This study aimed to evaluate whether women with Moyamoya disease have an increased risk of CVD after delivery. Methods: Research data was collected from the National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who delivered in Korea from 2007 to 2014 were enrolled in this study. We classified women as having CVD if they were diagnosed with any of the following conditions between delivery and December 31, 2016; cerebral infarction (I63.X in the International Classification of Diseases-10th Revision [ICD-10]) and/or intracranial hemorrhage (I61.X, I62.X in ICD-10) and/or subarachnoid hemorrhage (I60.X in ICD-10). Women with Moyamoya disease were identified as having I67.5 in ICD-10. We matched the study cohort by the ratio of 1:10 to analyze the risk CVD occurrence. The matching technique applied in this study was based on the variables of age and parity. To evaluate the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) for CVD in women with Moyamoya disease, we used multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression. Results: Among a total of 3,611,216 Korean women who underwent delivered, we identified 412 women with Moyamoya disease diagnosis and 1420 age- and parity-matched women without Moyamoya disease (control). Compared to the control group, women with Moyamoya disease had a significantly higher rate of Cesarean section, overt DM, and essential hypertension (all p < 0.0001). Among women with Moyamoya disease, 55 (13.35%) women developed CVD within the follow-up postpartum period. The presence of Moyamoya disease was associated with an increased risk of CVD after delivery (adjusted HR 37.42; 95% confidence interval (CI) 17.50-80.02 within 2.3 years) after adjusting for pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension. Conclusion: This population based study showed that the occurrence rate of CVD after delivery was higher in women with Moyamoya disease than in those without. Therefore, careful and long-term postpartum surveillance is required for women with Moyamoya disease.
Morbidity and Mortality in Late Preterm Newborns Followed in a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit; Background: Neonates born between 340/7-366/7 gestational weeks are considered late preterms with fewer risks, compared to smaller babies and more risks for morbidity and mortality than their term peers. The present study aimed to analyze maternal problems, as well as morbidity and mortality of late preterms followed in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Methods: A total of 230 neonates' files were analyzed, and demographic characteristics, respiratory, as well as metabolic and maternal problems, were recorded in this study. Results: Out of 230 neonates, 166 (72, 2%) and 129 (56,1%) newborns were inborn and male, respectively. Moreover, 23 (10%) neonates were born through vaginal delivery. The mean birth weight of the neonates was estimated at 2532.1±540.3 gr. In total, 66, 71, and 93 infants were 34 0/7 and 34 6/7, 35 0/7-356/7, as well as 36 0/7-36 6/7, respectively. The premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, ablatio placenta were obtained at 9.1% (n=21), 2.2% (n=5), and 3.5% (n=8), respectively. In addition, preeclampsia (n=24; 10.4%), cholestasis of pregnancy (n=7; 3%), oligohydramnios (n=26; 11.3%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (n=27; 11.7%) were observed in this study. The rates of transient tachypnea of the newborn, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia, hypoglycemia, indirect hyperbilirubinemia with intensive phototherapy, and feeding intolerance was estimated at 72.2% (n=166), 7.8% (n=18), 5.6% (n=13), 6.1% (n=14), 4.3% (n=10), and 8.7% (n=20), respectively. Any maternal problems and cholestasis of pregnancy were significantly more likely in 340/7 and 346/7 gestational weeks, compared to others (for any maternal problem and cholestasis of pregnancy: P=0.009 and P=0.012, respectively). Conclusion: Evaluation of the late preterms as terms may lead to neglecting some problems. Therefore, late preterms should be closely monitored, especially for respiratory problems in terms of intensive care requirements.
Type 1 diabetes management and hospitalisation in the over 25’s at an Australian outer urban diabetes clinic; Aims: To describe clinic management and referral pathways among adults with type 1 diabetes (T1D) aged > 25 years attending a public outpatient diabetes service. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of people with T1D aged > 25 years seen by endocrinologists in one Australian urban public outpatient in 2017. Electronic and paper medical records were reviewed using a dataset adapted from the UK National Institute for Health and Care Excellence 2015 guidelines. Results: Among the 111 people with T1D (mean age 41 ± 13 years, 55% men, mean body mass index 27.1 ± 5.6 kg/m2), mean HbA1c was 8.1 ± 1.9% (66 ± 19 mmol/mol) (lower than the Australian National Diabetes Audit: 8.5%/69 mmol/mol) with 25.5% meeting the guideline target of < 53 mmol/mol (7.0%). Most people had seen a diabetes educator (80.2%) or dietitian (73.0%) and had complication screening. Complication rates were high (nephropathy 20.4%, retinopathy 27.4%, peripheral neuropathy 30.1%, ischaemic heart disease/acute infarction 10.5%). Overall, 27% of referrals occurred following an acute inpatient admission or emergency department presentation and 13% for management of diabetes in pregnancy. Conclusions: A high proportion of people with T1D accessed public specialist care either during pregnancy or after a largely avoidable acute glycaemia-related hospital presentation. Subsequent care was in line with national specialist standards. This area has a “wait for acute event” rather than “complication prevention” model of care, associated with under-referral to the local multidisciplinary specialist service. Understanding how widespread this model of care is, and ways to reduce its prevalence, are urgently required.
Has the cesarean epidemic in Czechia been reversed despite fertility postponement?; Background: Although the percentage of cesarean sections (CS) in Czechia is below the average of that of other developed countries (23.6%), it still exceeds WHO recommendations (15%). The first aim of the study is to examine the association between a CS birth and the main health factors and sociodemographic characteristics involved, while the second aim is to examine recent trends in the CS rate in Czechia. Methods: Anonymized data on all mothers in Czechia for 2018 taken from the National Register of Expectant Mothers was employed. The risk of cesarean delivery for the observed factors was tested via the construction of a binary logistic regression model that allowed for adjustments for all the other covariates in the model. Results: Despite all the covariates being found to be statistically significant, it was determined that health factors represented a higher risk of a CS than sociodemographic characteristics. A previous CS was found to increase the risk of its recurrence by 33 times (OR = 32.96, 95% CI 30.95–35.11, p<0.001). The breech position increased the risk of CS by 31 times (OR = 31.03, 95% CI 28.14–34.29, p<0.001). A multiple pregnancy increased the odds of CS six-fold and the use of ART 1.8-fold. Mothers who suffered from diabetes before pregnancy were found to be twice as likely to give birth via CS (OR = 2.14, 95% CI 1.76–2.60, p<0.001), while mothers with gestational diabetes had just 23% higher odds of a CS birth (OR = 1.23, 95% CI 1.16–1.31, p<0.001). Mothers who suffered from hypertension gave birth via CS twice as often as did mothers without such complications (OR = 2.01, 95% CI 1.86–2.21, p<0.001). Conclusions: The increasing age of mothers, a significant risk factor for a CS, was found to be independent of other health factors. Accordingly, delayed childbearing is thought to be associated with the increase in the CS rate in Czechia. However, since other factors come into play, further research is needed to assess whether the recent slight decline in the CS rate is not merely a temporal trend.
MODIFIED BIOPHYSICAL PROFILE IN ANTEPARTUM FETAL SURVEILLANCE OF HIGH RISK PREGNANCIES; INTRODUCTION: MODIFIED BIOPHYSICAL PROFILE(MBPP) includes Non stress test (NST) as an indicator of present fetal status and the amniotic fluid index (AFI) as marker of long term fetal status. Antenatal foetal surveillance aims to identify foetuses in high-risk pregnancy groups, such as those with pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, anaemia, oligohydramnios, and other conditions that put them at danger of intrauterine hypoxia and mortality. In such high-risk circumstances, the fetal biophysical profile is one of the most commonly acknowledged tests for assessing foetal well-being. This is prospective observational study conducted between November 2019 to April 2021. AIMS AND OBJECTIVES: ∑ To study the effectiveness of modified biophysical profile as a primary antepartum fetal surveillance in predicting perinatal outcome of high risk pregnancies. ∑ To compare morbidity and mortality in relation to each of the modified biophysical profile's characteristics, namely NST and AFI, individually. INCLUSION CRITERIA: Gestational age of 30 weeks or more, Pre eclampsia, Anemia,Heart disease complicating pregnancy,Gestational Diabetes mellitus/overt diabetes. EXCLUSION CRITERIA: Patient refusal or inability to provide informed consent, Fetuses with congenital anomalies, Multifetal pregnancies,Intrauterine fetal demise. RESULTS : Majority of the cases are in the age group of 21-25 years(46%) and majority of the cases were primigravidae(42%). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is seen in majority of the cases(46%). Mode of delivery in cases where MBPP was normal was vaginal in most of the cases and the incidence of LSCS in cases where MBPP was abnormal was increased. Incidence of perinatal morbidity and mortality is increased when both MBPP parameters were abnormal. CONCLUSION : Modified biophysical profile (MBPP) is easier, less time consuming, cost effective and patient compliant test. When the Modified biophysical profile is normal, it gives reassurance that the fetal status is good with good perinatal outcome. At the same time, when MBPP is abnormal, it indicates that the fetus may be compromised.
Hemodynamic changes associated with neuraxial anesthesia in pregnant women with covid 19 disease: a retrospective case-control study; Background: Neuraxial blocks is the recommended mode of analgesia and anesthesia in parturients with Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19). There is limited data on the hemodynamic responses to neuraxial blocks in COVID-19 patients. We aim to compare the hemodynamic responses to neuraxial blocks in COVID-19 positive and propensity-matched COVID-19 negative parturients. Methods: We conducted retrospective, cross-sectional case–control study of hemodynamic changes associated with neuraxial blocks in COVID-19 positive parturients in a Tertiary care academic medical center. Fifty-one COVID-19 positive women confirmed by nasopharyngeal reverse transcription–polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), were compared with propensity-matched COVID negative controls (n = 51). Hemodynamic changes after neuraxial block were recorded by electronic medical recording system and analyzed using paired and unpaired T- test and Wilcoxon-Mann–Whitney Rank Sum tests. The primary outcome was ≥ 20% change in MAP and HR after neuraxial block placement. Results: In the epidural group, 7% COVID-19 positive parturients had > 20% decrease in mean arterial pressure (MAP) from baseline compared to 15% COVID-19 negative parturients (P = 0.66). In the spinal group, 83% of COVID-19 positive parturients had a decrease in MAP more than 20% from baseline compared to 71% in control (P = 0.49). MAP drop of more than 40% occurred in 29% COVID positive parturients in the spinal group versus 17% in COVID-19 negative parturients (P = 0.5465). In COVID-19 positive spinal group, 54% required vasopressors whereas 38% in COVID-19 negative spinal group required vasopressors (P = 0.387). We found a significant correlation between body mass index (BMI) > 30 and hypotension in COVID (+) parturient with odds ratio (8.63; 95% CI-1.93 – 37.21) (P = 0.007). Conclusion: Incidence and severity of hypotension after neuraxial blocks were similar between COVID-19 positive and COVID-19 negative parturients. BMI > 30 was a significant risk factor for hypotension as described in preexisting literature, this correlation was seen in COVID-19 positive parturients. The likely reason for parturients with BMI > 30 in COVID negative patients not showing similar correlation, is that the sample size was small.
Low total osteocalcin levels are associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality among patients with type 2 diabetes: a real-world study; Background: The association between osteocalcin and mortality has been scantly studied. We aimed to investigate the association between osteocalcin along with its trajectories and mortality based on long-term longitudinal data. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of 9413 type 2 diabetic patients with at least three measurements of total serum osteocalcin within 3 years since their first inpatient diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Baseline, mean values of osteocalcin levels and their trajectories were used as exposures. A multivariable-adjusted Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the association of osteocalcin levels and their trajectories with mortality. Results: During a mean follow-up of 5.37 years, 1638 patients died, of whom 588 were due to cardiovascular events. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) across quintiles of baseline osteocalcin levels were 2.88 (95% confidence interval (CI) 2.42–3.42), 1.65 (95% CI 1.37–1.99), 1.17 (95% CI 0.96–1.42), 1.00, and 1.92 (95% CI 1.60–2.30) for all-cause mortality, and 3.52 (95% CI 2.63–4.71), 2.00 (95% CI 1.46–2.73), 1.03 (95% CI 0.72–1.47), 1.00, 1.67 (95% CI 1.21–2.31) for CVD mortality, respectively. When we used the mean values of osteocalcin as the exposure, U-shaped associations were also found. These U-shaped associations were consistent among patients of different baseline characteristics. Patients with a stable or even increasing trajectory of osteocalcin may have a lower risk of both all-cause and CVD mortality. Conclusions: A U-shape association between baseline osteocalcin and mortality was observed among patients with type 2 diabetes. Patients with lower levels of serum osteocalcin during follow-ups had higher risks for all-cause and cardiovascular mortality.
The effect of synbiotic supplementation on atherogenic indices, hs-CRP, and malondialdehyde, as major CVD-related parameters, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a secondary data-analysis of a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study; Background: Women with GDM have a higher risk of future cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Meanwhile, synbiotics have been demonstrated to have favorable impacts on atherogenic indices, and inflammatory and oxidative stress indicators, all of which are known to be CVD-predictive factors. The aim of this randomized controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of synbiotic supplementation on the atherogenic indices of plasma, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), and plasma malondialdehyde (MDA) in women with GDM. Methods: Eligible pregnant women with GDM were randomized into two groups to receive a daily synbiotic capsule [500 mg of L.acidophilus(5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.plantarum(1.5 × 1010 CFU/g), L.fermentum(7 × 109 CFU/g), L.Gasseri(2 × 1010 CFU/g) and 38.5 mg of fructo-oligo-saccharides], or placebo, for 6 weeks. The ratios of TC/HDL-C, LDL/HDL-C, and logTG/HDL-C were calculated as the atherogenic indices. Serum hs-CRP and MDA concentrations were quantified before and after the intervention. Cohen’s d(d) was used to calculate the magnitude of the effect. Results: Ninety participants completed the study. There was no significant difference in dietary antioxidant and mineral intakes between the two groups. Compared with placebo, synbiotic supplementation resulted in a significant decrease in logTG/HDL-C ratio with a medium–low effect size (mean difference = −0.11; 95% CI −0.21, 0; P values for the placebo and the intervention groups were 0.02, and 0.042, respectively; P between groups = 0.003; d = 0.25). No significant changes were observed in other parameters. Conclusions: Overall, 6 weeks of synbiotic supplementation in women with GDM resulted in a significant improvement in logTG/HDL-C, suggesting that synbiotics may have a beneficial role in reducing the risk of future CVDs associated with GDM. Nevertheless, more studies are needed to confirm the veracity of these results. Trial Registration IRCT201511183140N16 (December 29th, 2015).
Myostatin: a multifunctional role in human female reproduction and fertility – a short review; Myostatin (MSTN) is member of the transforming growth factor β (TGF-β) superfamily and was originally identified in the musculoskeletal system as a negative regulator of skeletal muscle growth. The functional roles of MSTN outside of the musculoskeletal system have aroused researchers' interest in recent years, with an increasing number of studies being conducted in this area. Notably, the expression of MSTN and its potential activities in various reproductive organs, including the ovary, placenta, and uterus, have recently been examined. Numerous studies published in the last few years demonstrate that MSTN plays a critical role in human reproduction and fertility, including the regulation of follicular development, ovarian steroidogenesis, granule-cell proliferation, and oocyte maturation regulation. Furthermore, findings from clinical samples suggest that MSTN may play a key role in the pathogenesis of several reproductive disorders such as uterine myoma, preeclampsia (PE), ovary hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS), and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). There is no comprehensive review regarding to MSTN related to the female reproductive system in the literature. This review serves as a summary of the genes in reproductive medicine and their potential influence. We summarized MSTN expression in different compartments of the female reproductive system. Subsequently, we discuss the role of MSTN in both physiological and several pathological conditions related to the female fertility and reproduction-related diseases.
Physical activity during pregnancy: a systematic review for the assessment of current evidence with future recommendations; Background: Physical activity is essential to maternal and infant health. Healthcare professionals should inform pregnant women about benefits of physical activity to prevent possible health issues. Those recommendations should elaborate on relevant contemporary evidence. The aim of this study was to review evidence-based recommendations for physical activity during pregnancy. Methods: A systematic search, analysis and synthesis of conducted randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted from October 2021 to June 2022 in following databases: PubMed, CINAHL, ScienceDirect and Web of Science. Literature was searched using inclusion and exclusion criteria and following PRISMA recommendations. Results: Benefits for pregnant-women health and well-being were reported while performing aerobic exercise, lumbar stabilization and stretching exercise, water exercise, nerve and tendon-slip exercise, resistance training and strength training. For all exercise modalities it is recommended to perform moderate intensity activities during the whole time of pregnancy. Conclusions: This systematic literature review supplements current knowledge on physical activity of pregnant women. Exercise interventions are listed and suggested in an integrative model with physical-fitness components to contextualize and promote physical activity among pregnant women.
Vitamin D deficiency in British South Asians, a persistent but avoidable problem associated with many health risks (including rickets, T2DM, CVD, COVID-19 and pregnancy complications): the case for correcting this deficiency; High vitamin D deficiency rates, with rickets and osteomalacia, have been common in South Asians (SAs) arriving in Britain since the 1950s with preventable infant deaths from hypocalcaemic status-epilepticus and cardiomyopathy. Vitamin D deficiency increases common SA disorders (type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease), recent trials and non-linear Mendelian randomisation studies having shown deficiency to be causal for both disorders. Ethnic minority, obesity, diabetes and social deprivation are recognised COVID-19 risk factors, but vitamin D deficiency is not, despite convincing mechanistic evidence of it. Adjusting analyses for obesity/ethnicity abolishes vitamin D deficiency in COVID-19 risk prediction, but both factors lower serum 25(OH)D specifically. Social deprivation inadequately explains increased ethnic minority COVID-19 risks. SA vitamin D deficiency remains uncorrected after 70 years, official bodies using ‘education’, ‘assimilation’ and ‘diet’ as ‘proxies’ for ethnic differences and increasing pressures to assimilate. Meanwhile, English rickets was abolished from ~1940 by free ‘welfare foods’ (meat, milk, eggs, cod liver oil), for all pregnant/nursing mothers and young children (<5 years old). Cod liver oil was withdrawn from antenatal clinics in 1994 (for excessive vitamin A teratogenicity), without alternative provision. The take-up of the 2006 ‘Healthy-Start’ scheme of food-vouchers for low-income families with young children (<3 years old) has been poor, being inaccessible and poorly publicised. COVID-19 pandemic advice for UK adults in ‘lockdown’ was ‘400 IU vitamin D/day’, inadequate for correcting the deficiency seen winter/summer 17.5%/5.9% in White, 38.5%/30% in Black and 57.2%/50.8% in SA people in representative UK Biobank subjects when recruited ~14 years ago and remaining similar in 2018. Vitamin D inadequacy worsens many non-skeletal health risks. Not providing vitamin D for preventing SA rickets and osteomalacia continues to be unacceptable, as deficiency-related health risks increase ethnic health disparities, while abolishing vitamin D deficiencwould be easier and more cost-effective than correcting any other factor worsening ethniminority health in Britain.
Clinical presentation, pregnancy complications, and outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 during the Omicron-dominant third wave in Mumbai, India; Objective: To study clinical presentation, disease severity, pregnancy complications, and maternal outcomes in women affected with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) during the third wave compared with the first and second waves of COVID-19. Methods: A retrospective, observational cohort study was conducted among 2058 pregnant and postpartum women with COVID-19 admitted during three wave periods at a tertiary care COVID-19-dedicated hospital. Results: The number of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) -infected pregnant and postpartum women with symptoms of COVID-19 was four times higher during the third wave compared with the first (odds ratio [OR] 4.6, 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.5–6.0, P < 0.001). There was a significantly lower proportion of pregnant and postpartum women with moderate to severe COVID-19 during the third wave (0.6%, 2/318) compared with those during the first wave (2.4%, 27/1143, P < 0.001) and second wave (14.4%, 86/597, P < 0.001). The intensive care/high dependency unit admissions during the third wave were significantly lower (2.5%, 8/318) than during the second wave (14.7%, 88/597; OR 0.2, 95% CI 0.1–0.3, P < 0.001) but similar to the first wave (2.4%, 27/1143). Conclusions: Decreased severity of COVID-19, reduced maternal mortality, and morbidity were reported in the third wave compared with the first wave and second wave of COVID-19 in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, India. Trial Registration: The study is registered with the Clinical Trial Registry of India (Registration no: CTRI/2020/05/025423).
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase the risk of cardiovascular disease and accompany asymptomatic deterioration of the myocardial function. This study aims to identify the subclinical impact of GDM on maternal left ventricular function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE). Methods: We prospectively recruited 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) at 24 to 28 weeks of pregnancy. GDM diagnosis agreed with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional echocardiographic data and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. Results: Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. The average LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) of GDM patients was lower than controls (18.14 ± 2.53 vs. 22.36 ± 6.33, p < 0.001), and 31 patients (66%) in our study had an absolute LV-GLS less than 20%. The LA reservoir and conduit strain in patients with GDM were also significantly reduced (32.71 ± 6.64 vs. 38.00 ± 7.06, 20.41 ± 5.69 vs. 25.56 ± 5.73, p < 0.001). However, there was no significant difference in LA contractile function between the two groups. In multiple regression analysis, LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. Conclusions: 2D-STE could detect the subclinical myocardial dysfunction more sensitively than conventional echocardiography, with LV-GLS and LA conduit strain as independent indicators of the GDM impact on maternal cardiac function during pregnancy.
Betamethasone use and risk factors for pulmonary edema during the perinatal period: a single-center retrospective cohort study in Japan; Background: A few studies have reported that maternal administration of antenatal corticosteroids increased the risk of pulmonary edema (PE). However, despite the increasing usage rate of betamethasone as antenatal corticosteroid, maternal administration of betamethasone as a risk factor for PE has not been well studied. This study aimed to evaluate how maternal backgrounds and complications, tocolytic agents, and betamethasone affect the incidence of PE during the perinatal period and determine the risk factor for PE. Methods: This was a single-center retrospective cohort study in Kurashiki, Japan. The study subjects were patients who had been admitted to our hospital for perinatal management including pregnancy, delivery and puerperium between 2017 and 2020. The primary outcome measure was defined as the incidence of PE during hospitalization. First, in all study subjects, Cox proportional hazards model was used to determine the risk factor for PE during the perinatal period. Next, using propensity score matching, we divided the patients into the betamethasone and betamethasone-free groups and examined the association between betamethasone use and the incidence of PE with Cox proportional hazards model. Results: During the study period, 4919 cases were hospitalized, and there were 16 PE cases (0.3%). In all analyzed subjects, the occurrence of PE was significantly associated with preeclampsia (hazard ratio 16.8, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 5.39–52.7, P < 0.001) and the combined use of the tocolytic agents such as ritodrine hydrochloride and magnesium sulfate, and betamethasone (hazard ratio 11.3, 95% CI 2.66–48.1, P = 0.001). In contrast, after propensity score matching, no statistically significant difference was found between the betamethasone and betamethasone-free groups in the incidence of PE (hazard ratio 3.19, 95% CI 0.67–15.3, P = 0.145). Conclusions: A combined use of tocolytic agents and antenatal corticosteroids such as betamethasone may be an independent risk factor for PE during the perinatal period. On the other hand, betamethasone use alone may not be associated with the incidence of PE. When tocolytic agents and betamethasone are administrated to pregnant women, it is important to pay attention to the appearance of maternal respiratory symptoms.
Fetal echocardiographic parameters in pregnancies complicated by diabetes: a case control study; Background: At present, the prevalence of pregestational diabetes is 2.2% with an overall prevalence of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy of about 16.2%. Fetuses of diabetic mothers are at risk of functional cardiac abnormalities without structural cardiac anomalies especially in the third trimester. The main aim of this study was to assess the association of diabetes with different fetal echocardiographic parameters. Methods: A case control study comprising a total of 120 pregnant women (60 cases and 60 controls). The cases group included fetuses of mothers known to have pre-gestational type 2 diabetes (DM group) while the control group included fetuses of euglycaemic healthy pregnant women. They were examined twice at 23–24 weeks' gestation (visit 1) and followed up at 27–28 weeks’ gestation (visit 2). The Modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod MPI) was obtained in all fetuses. Also, M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the interventricular septum thickness at diastole in a transverse four chamber view. Results: There was a significant increase in Iso-volumetric contraction time (ICT) (45.4 ms ± 8.9), Iso-volumetric relaxation time (IRT) (54.7 ms ± 11.22), Interventricular septal thickness (IVST) (4.08 mm ± 0.8), aortic acceleration time (AAT) (54.16 ms ± 12.77) and MPI (0.64 ± 0.09) in the diabetic group compared to the normal control group ICT (38.5 ms ± 9.59), IRT (46.13 ms ± 10.29), IVST (3.17 mm ± 0.6), AAT (49.73 ms ± 10.68) and MPI (0.5 ± 0.1) (all P values were < 0.001). When comparing parameters assessed at both visits among diabetic patients, there was a significant increase in IVST in the second visit (4.74 ± 0.78 mm) compared to the first visit (4.08 ± 0.8 mm) (P value < 0.05). The incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) was significantly higher in diabetic patients than in the control group. This is was observed in both first and second visit (33.4% and 56.7%) (P value < 0.001). Conclusions: Fetuses of diabetic pregnant females show a significant increase in MPI, decrease in E\A ratio and HCM. These alterations in cardiac functions and structure were found to be continuous throughout the period of time between the two visits.
Cutis verticis gyrata and Noonan syndrome: report of two cases with pathogenetic variant in SOS1 gene; Background: Noonan and Noonan-like syndromes are multisystem genetic disorders, mainly with autosomal dominant trasmission, caused by mutations in several genes. Missense pathogenetic variants of SOS1 gene are the second most common cause of Noonan syndrome (NS) and account approximately for 13% to 17% of cases. Subjects carrying a pathogenetic variant in SOS1 gene tend to exhibit a distinctive phenotype that is characterized by ectodermal abnormalities. Cutis verticis gyrata (CVG) is a rare disease, congenital or acquired, characterized by the redundancy of skin on scalp, forming thick skin folds and grooves of similar aspect to cerebral cortex gyri. Several references in the literature have reported association between nonessential primary form of CVG and NS. Case presentation: we report two cases of newborns with CVG and phenotype suggestive for NS who have been diagnosed to harbour the same pathogenetic variant in SOS1 gene. Conclusions: previously described patients with NS presenting CVG had received only clinical diagnosis. Therefore we report the first patients with CVG in which the clinical suspicion of NS is confirmed by molecolar analysis.
Maternal Intake of Probiotics to Program Offspring Health; Purpose of Review: Probiotics intake may be considered beneficial by prospective and pregnant mothers, but their effects on offspring development are incompletely understood. The purpose of this review was to examine recent pre-clinical and clinical studies to understand how maternal probiotics exposure affects offspring health outcomes. Recent Findings: Effects were investigated in the context of supporting offspring growth, intestinal health, and gut microbiota, preventing allergic diseases, supporting neurodevelopment, and preventing metabolic disorders in pre-clinical and clinical studies. Most human studies focused on infancy outcomes, whereas pre-clinical studies also examined outcomes at adolescence and young adulthood. While still understudied, both pre-clinical and clinical studies propose epigenetic modifications as an underlying mechanism. Optimal timing of intervention remains unclear. Summary: Administration of selected probiotics to mothers has programming potential for sustaining life-long health of offspring. Administration protocols, specific windows of susceptibility, and individual-specific responses need to be further studied.
Maternal Cardiac Changes in Women With Obesity and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE We investigated if women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function, or tissue characteristics. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Thirty-eight healthy, pregnant women and 30 women with GDM were recruited. Participants underwent phosphorus MRS and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine [PCr] to ATP ratio), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal shortening (GLS), and mitral in-flow E-wave to A-wave ratio. RESULTS Participants were matched for age, gestational age, and ethnicity. The following data are reported as mean ± SD. The women with GDM had higher BMI (27 ± 4 vs. 33 ± 5 kg/m2; P = 0.0001) and systolic (115 ± 11 vs. 121 ± 13 mmHg; P = 0.04) and diastolic (72 ± 7 vs. 76 ± 9 mmHg; P = 0.04) blood pressures. There was no difference in N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide concentrations between the groups. The women with GDM had lower myocardial PCr to ATP ratio (2.2 ± 0.3 vs. 1.9 ± 0.4; P < 0.0001), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes (76 ± 12 vs. 67 ± 11 mL/m2; P = 0.002) and higher LV mass (90 ± 13 vs. 103 ± 18 g; P = 0.001). Although ventricular ejection fractions were similar, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM (220% ± 3% vs. 218% ± 3%; P = 0.008). CONCLUSIONS Despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes, women with obesity and GDM manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics in late pregnancy compared with lean women with healthy pregnancy. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with GDM.
The link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular diseases: potential role of extracellular vesicles; Extracellular vesicles are critical mediators of cell communication. They encapsulate a variety of molecular cargo such as proteins, lipids, and nucleic acids including miRNAs, lncRNAs, circular RNAs, and mRNAs, and through transfer of these molecular signals can alter the metabolic phenotype in recipient cells. Emerging studies show the important role of extracellular vesicle signaling in the development and progression of cardiovascular diseases and associated risk factors such as type 2 diabetes and obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that develops during pregnancy and increases the future risk of developing obesity, impaired glucose metabolism, and cardiovascular disease in both the mother and infant. Available evidence shows that changes in maternal metabolism and exposure to the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment can reprogram the fetal genome, leaving metabolic imprints that define life-long health and disease susceptibility. Understanding the factors that contribute to the increased susceptibility to metabolic disorders of children born to GDM mothers is critical for implementation of preventive strategies in GDM. In this review, we discuss the current literature on the fetal programming of cardiovascular diseases in GDM and the impact of extracellular vesicle (EV) signaling in epigenetic programming in cardiovascular disease, to determine the potential link between EV signaling in GDM and the development of cardiovascular disease in infants.
A Study on Clinical Study of Infants of Diabetic Mother; Background:Recently, a number of publications have raised concern about the rising prevalence of diabetes mellitus in Telangana. The International Diabetes Federation has named Saudi Arabia among the top 10 countries with the highest prevalence of diabetes Objective of the Study: To observe and evaluate the incidence and complications seen in infants of diabetic mothers. Materials and Methods: It is a prospective observational time bound study conducted Yashoda Hospital, Telangana, India from December 2019 to November 2020. All live babies born to mothers with GDM or pregestational DM were enrolled in study. Maternal history and complications during labour were recorded. APGAR scores assessed. Investigation for glucose estimation, PCV, serum calcium, serum bilirubin was sent. Chest X ray was done in babies with respiratory distress. 2D ECHO, USG abdomen, USG cranium were done in all babies after stablisation. Results: 70 neonates were born to diabetic mothers. 2 IUD and 6 still born were excluded from study and 62 neonates were evaluated. 2 neonates died.70.96% were term babies and 29 % preterm. 40 infants (64.5%) were born to GDM mothers, 20 (32.3%) to mothers with type 2 DM and 2(3.2%) to type 1 DM. 16.2% were LGA while 12.9% were SGA. Hypocalcemia was seen in 4 neonates (6.7%). Hyperbilirubinemia was seen in 4 (13.3%). Sepsis was seen in 8 neonates. CHDs were seen in 42.9%, most common being ASD/PFO 21.3%. VSD was seen in 10.7%, PDA in 7.1% and septal hypertrophy in 3.5%. One case had pyloric atresia and one had RDS. Association between HbA1c levels and complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, congenital anomalies was not significant in our study. Conclusion: Neonates born to diabetic mother are at a high risk of developing complications like hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia and cardiac defects.
POST PARTUM POSTERIOR REVERSABLE ENCEPHALOPATHY SYNDROME; Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) is an acute neurotoxic syndrome that is characterized by a spectrum neurological and radiological feature from various risk factors.Delay in the diagnosis and treatment may result in death or in irreversible neurological sequelae. Common neurological symptoms includes headache, impairment in level of consciousness, seizures, visual disturbances, and focal neurological deficits. Common triggering factors include blood pressure fluctuations, renal failure, eclampsia, exposure to immunosuppressive or cytotoxic agents and autoimmune disorders.The classic radiographic findings include bilateral subcortical vasogenic edema predominantly affecting the parieto17 occipital regions but atypical features include involvement of other regions, cortical involvement, restricted diffusion, hemorrhage, contrast enhancement. It is the first case of PRES without underlying disease. We report a case of postpartum eclampsia presented 8 days after delivery, which is the latest onset ever described. Wesuggest The presence of prodromal symptoms should be thoroughly investigated, even in the absence of antecedent pre-eclampsia.
A rare association of Down syndrome with Dandy –Walker variant, pulmonary hypertension and childhood interstitial lung disease: A case report of a prognostic dilemma; Associations among Down syndrome (DS), Dandy–Walker variant (DWv), pulmonary hypertension (PH) and childhood interstitial lung disease (chILD) are extremely rare. Several cases of trisomy disorders with Dandy–Walker malformation (DWM) and neurodevelopmental outcomes have been reported. The extent to which moderate to severe pulmonary hypertension with complications of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), PH and chILD leads to substantial morbidity and mortality in infants with DS and DWM should be studied. We report the case of an ex-premature 15-month-old girl with confirmed DS with DWv, who developed PH and chILD. This is the first case study reporting the complexity of multiple associations involving DS and DWv. This case led to a prognostic dilemma and required compassionate parental counselling because of the child's uncertain future.
Effect of hyperglycemia on tbx5a and nppa gene expression and its correlation to structural and functional changes in developing zebrafish heart; The objective of the current study is to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes on structural and functional changes in correlation with these two essential regulators of developing hearts in vivo using zebrafish embryos. We employed fertilized zebrafish embryos exposed to a hyperglycemic condition of 25 mM glucose for 96 h postfertilization. The embryos were subjected to various structural and functional analyses in a time-course manner. The data showed that exposure to high glucose significantly affected the embryo's size, heart length, heart rate, and looping of the heart compared to the control. Further, we observed an increased incidence of ventricular standstill and valvular regurgitation with a marked reduction of peripheral blood flow in the high glucose-exposed group compared to the control. In addition, the histological data showed that the high-glucose exposure markedly reduced the thickness of the wall and the number of cardiomyocytes in both atrium and ventricles. We also observed striking alterations in the pericardium like edema, increase in diameter with thinning of the wall compared to the control group. Interestingly, the expression of tbx5a and nppa was increased in the early development and found to be repressed in the later stage of development in the hyperglycemic group compared to the control. In conclusion, the developing heart is more susceptible to hyperglycemia in the womb, thereby showing various developmental defects possibly by altering the expression of crucial gene regulators such as tbx5a and nppa.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: a nationwide register-based cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and has maternal health implications reaching beyond the perinatal period. We aimed to investigate the incidence and severity of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired beta cell function—insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of subsequent manifest diabetes mellitus—influence incident risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Methods: A nationwide register-based cohort study was conducted on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997–2018. The exposure variable was GDM and primary outcome was overall cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity. Secondary outcomes were major cardiovascular disease (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, and/or stroke/transient cerebral ischemia), hypertension, dyslipidemia, and venous thrombosis. Severity of morbidity was assessed using number of hospital contacts with diagnosis codes related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity and number of redemptions of prescribed medication related to cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women who developed cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity after pregnancy. Results: The median follow-up period was 10.2–11.9 years with a total range of 0–21.9 years. GDM was associated with increased risk of any cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (adjusted HR 2.13 [95% CI 2.07–2.20]), major cardiovascular disease (adjusted HR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55–1.84]), hypertension (adjusted HR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82–1.96], dyslipidemia (adjusted HR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28–4.69]), and venous thrombosis (adjusted HR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16–1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and subsequent development of manifest diabetes exacerbated the risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with more hospital contacts and more redeemed prescriptions in women developing cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (p < 0.001). Conclusions: Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially incident dyslipidemia. Risks were exacerbated by proxies of beta cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse if GDM preceded cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity.
Is early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist protocol an alternative for patients with polycystic ovary syndrome undergoing in vitro fertilization?; Background: We aimed to compare the clinical and perinatal outcomes of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) undergoing in vitro fertilization/intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IVF/ICSI) treatment with either an early-follicular long-acting gonadotropin-releasing hormone agonist (GnRH-a) long protocol (EFLL) or a midluteal short-acting GnRH-a long protocol (MLSL). Methods: This single–center, retrospective study, included patients with PCOS who underwent IVF/ICSI from January 2013 to June 2019 at the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University, Zhengzhou, China. Patients underwent either MLSL (1179 cycles) or EFLL (2390 cycles). The primary outcomes were pregnancy outcomes, perinatal and maternal complications. Results: Fresh embryo transfer (59.12% vs. 55.47%, P = 0.038), clinical pregnancy (75.23% vs. 53.82%, P = 0.001), and live birth rates (63.27% vs. 42.05%, P = 0.010) were higher in the EFLL group. However, the proportion of patients “freezing all" for high risk of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) (24.27% vs. 32.06%, P = 0.001) and ectopic pregnancy (1.51% vs. 5.97%, P = 0.002) were lower in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group. The incidence of gestational diabetes was higher in the EFLL group than in the MLSL group (5.08% vs. 1.42%, RR 3.714, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.474–9.360, P = 0.003). There were no significant differences in the incidence of hypertension, premature rupture of membranes, placenta previa, congenital heart disease, or neonatal weight between the two groups. Logistic regression results showed that age (OR 0.966, 95% CI 0.941–0.993, P = 0.013), treatments (OR 2.380, 95% CI 1.833–3.089, P = 0.001), and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 1.115, 95% CI 1.070–1.162, P = 0.001) were correlated with clinical pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy BMI (OR 1.098, 95% CI 1.002–1.204, P = 0.046), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (OR 3.096, 95% CI 1.900–5.046, P = 0.001), and treatments (OR 3.458, 95% CI 1.359–8.800, P = 0.009) were correlated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Treatments (OR 0.291, 95% CI 0.148–0.575, P = 0.001) and endometrial thickness on trigger day (OR 0.834, 95% CI 0.722–0.962, P = 0.013) were correlated with ectopic pregnancy. Conclusion: The early-follicular long-acting GnRH agonist long protocol can be used as an ideal assisted reproductive technology (ART) pregnancy assistance program for patients with PCOS, but obese patients should be encouraged to lose weight before ART treatments to reduce the risk of GDM.
A review on the role of MEG8 lncRNA in human disorders; Maternally expressed 8 (MEG8) is a long non-coding RNA which is expressed in the nucleus. It is highly expressed in adrenal, placenta and brain. Recent studies have shown contribution of MEG8 in different disorders ranging from neoplastic ones to diabetic nephropathy, atherosclerosis, ischemic stroke, trophoblast dysfunction and abortion, Henoch-Schonlein purpura and osteoarthritis. It has an oncogenic role in the development of lung, pancreatic and liver cancer. In the current review, we summarize the role of this lncRNA in mentioned disorders, based on the evidence obtained from in vitro, in vivo and human studies.
Viewing teratogens through the lens of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+); Background: Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) depletion is associated with numerous diseases in humans. Recently it was revealed that genetic blockage of the NAD+ synthesis pathway in humans causes birth defects in multiple organ systems and miscarriage. Additionally, mice with NAD+ deficiency created through dietary restriction of tryptophan and vitamin B3 were shown to have congenital anomalies affecting virtually every organ system along with miscarriage. Perturbations in NAD+/NADH affect mechanisms of teratogenesis presented by Wilson and others, including genetic alterations, altered energy sources, and lack of precursors and substrates needed for biosynthesis. Methods: Medical literature was evaluated to demonstrate how perturbations in NAD+/NADH affect mechanisms of teratogenesis. In addition, literature describing several different teratogens of various types (infectious, physical, maternal health factors, drugs) was reviewed showing the impact of these teratogens on NAD+ and NAD+/NADH ratios. Result: Many teratogens affect NAD+ by altering its metabolism, decreasing its intracellular availability, or decreasing its production, which in turn is a plausible mechanism for the creation of birth defects. Conclusion: Looking at teratogens through the lens of their impact on NAD+ could provide valuable insight into the mechanism by which some teratogens cause birth defects and miscarriage.
A Prospective Study to Determine the Predictive Ability of HDP-Gestosis Score for the Development of Pre-eclampsia; Background: HDP-gestosis score is a risk scoring system (score 1–3) for the development of pre-eclampsia. When a pregnant woman’s total score is equal to or greater than 3, she is labelled as “at risk for pre-eclampsia” and is managed accordingly. Objectives: To determine the sensitivity, specificity, Positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV) and diagnostic accuracy of HDP-gestosis score for predicting pre-eclampsia. Methods: This prospective study included 473 pregnant women who presented at the department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, from June 2020 to December 2021. After 20 weeks of pregnancy, the patients were assessed for the development of pre-eclampsia. Details of age, gravida, obstetric history, menstrual cycle regularity, polycystic ovarian disease history, duration of marriage, parity, past medical and surgical intervention, previous/present medication, and family history were taken. Gestosis score was calculated and classified into mild (score of 1), moderate (score of 2) and high risk (score of ≥ 3) for the development of Pre-eclampsia (PE). Sensitivity, Specificity, PPV, NPV and diagnostic accuracy of HDP-gestosis score for predicting the development of PE were determined. Results: The mean age, gestational age, and BMI of the women were 28.4 ± 6.8 years, 11.5 ± 2.04 weeks, and 24.5 ± 3.7 kg/m2, respectively. The gestosis score was 2 in 43.13% of the participants, 1 in 42.28%, and ≥ 3 in 14.59% of the women. PE developed in 15.01% (n = 71) participants. The Sensitivity, Specificity, PPV, NPV, and Diagnostic accuracy of HDP-gestosis score for predicting PE were 83.1%, 97.51%, 85.51%, 97.03% and 95.35%, respectively. Conclusion: Gestosis score is a novel early marker for prediction of the development of PE allowing for a prompt management for the patients, thereby curbing the adverse consequences.
Prevention and control of non-communicable diseases in antenatal, intrapartum, and postnatal care: a systematic scoping review of clinical practice guidelines since 2011; Background: Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) are a leading cause of maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide. The World Health Organization is developing new recommendations focusing on the management of NCDs for pregnant, intrapartum, and postnatal women. Thus, to support the development of new guidelines and recommendations, we aimed to determine the availability, focus, and scope of recommendations of current guidelines for the management of NCDs during pregnancy, intrapartum, and postnatal period. Methods: PubMed, Global Index Medicus, TRIP, and Guideline International Network databases were searched on 31 May 2021, to identify any NCD-related guidelines published between 2011 and 2021 with no language or country restrictions. Websites of 165 professional organizations were also searched. Characteristics of included guidelines were analyzed, and recommendations were extracted from guidelines of five high-priority NCD conditions (diabetes, chronic hypertension, respiratory conditions, hemoglobinopathies and sickle cell disease, and mental and substance use disorders). Results: From 6026 citations and 165 websites, 405 guidelines were included of which 132 (33%) were pregnancy-specific and 285 (88%) were developed in high-income countries. Among pregnancy-specific guidelines, the most common conditions for which recommendations were provided were gestational diabetes, circulatory diseases, thyroid disorders, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. For the five high-priority conditions, 47 guidelines were identified which provided 1834 recommendations, largely focused on antenatal care interventions (62%) such as early detection, screening tools, pharmacological treatment, and lifestyle education. Postnatal recommendations largely covered postnatal clinical assessments, lifestyle education, and breastfeeding. Health system recommendations largely covered multidisciplinary care teams and strengthening referral pathways. Conclusions: This study provides a robust assessment of currently available guidelines and mapping of recommendations on NCD management within maternal health services, which will inform the scope of the World Health Organization’s future guideline development activities. This study identified a need to develop guidelines that consider NCDs holistically, with an integrated approach to antenatal, intrapartum, and postnatal care, and that are relevant for resource-limited contexts. Any such guidelines should consider what interventions are most essential to improving outcomes for women with NCDs and their newborns, and how variations in quality of NCD-related care can be addressed.
A randomised placebo-controlled trial of the effectiveness of early metformin in addition to usual care in the reduction of gestational diabetes mellitus effects (EMERGE): study protocol; Background: Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. Current treatments for GDM involve initial medical nutritional therapy (MNT) and exercise and pharmacotherapy in those with persistent hyperglycaemia. Insulin is considered first-line pharmacotherapy but is associated with hypoglycaemia, excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and an increased caesarean delivery rate. Metformin is safe in selected groups of women with GDM but is not first-line therapy in many guidelines due to a lack of long-term data on efficacy. The EMERGE trial will evaluate the effectiveness of early initiation of metformin in GDM. Methods: EMERGE is a phase III, superiority, parallel, 1:1 randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial comparing the effectiveness of metformin versus placebo initiated by 28 weeks (+6 days) plus usual care. Women aged 18–50 years will be recruited. Women with established diabetes, multiple pregnancies, known major congenital malformation or small for gestational age (<10th centile), intolerance or contraindication to the use of metformin, shock or sepsis, current gestational hypertension or pre-eclampsia, significant gastrointestinal problems, congestive heart failure, severe mental illness or galactose intolerance are excluded. Intervention: Immediate introduction of metformin or placebo in addition to MNT and usual care. Metformin is initiated at 500mg/day and titrated to a maximum dose of 2500mg over 10 days. Women are followed up at 4 and 12 weeks post-partum to assess maternal and neonatal outcomes. The composite primary outcome measure is initiation of insulin or fasting blood glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/L at gestational weeks 32 or 38. The secondary outcomes are the time to insulin initiation and insulin dose required; maternal morbidity at delivery; mode and time of delivery; postpartum glucose status; insulin resistance; postpartum body mass index (BMI); gestational weight gain; infant birth weight; neonatal height and head circumference at delivery; neonatal morbidities (neonatal care unit admission, respiratory distress, jaundice, congenital anomalies, Apgar score); neonatal hypoglycaemia; cost-effectiveness; treatment acceptability and quality of life determined by the EQ5D-5L scale. Discussion: The EMERGE trial will determine the effectiveness and safety of early and routine use of metformin in GDM. Trial registration: EudraCT Number 2016-001644-19l; NCT NCT02980276. Registered on 6 June 2017.
The Fourth Trimester: a Time for Enhancing Transitions in Cardiovascular Care; Purpose of Review: The “fourth trimester” concept, defined as the first 12 weeks after delivery (and beyond), is a critical window of time for clinicians to intervene to optimize women’s cardiovascular health after pregnancy. A timely and comprehensive postpartum cardiovascular assessment should be performed in all women following delivery in order to (1) follow up medical conditions present prior to conception, (2) evaluate symptoms and signs of common postpartum complications, and (3) identify risk factors and prevent future adverse cardiovascular outcomes. In this review, we aim to discuss major maternal cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, postpartum weight retention, and postpartum depression, as well as lactation as a potential protective risk modifying factor. Additionally, we will review effectiveness of outpatient interventions to enhance transitions in cardiovascular care during the fourth trimester. Recent Findings: A seamless hand-off from obstetric to primary care, and potentially cardiology, is needed for early detection and management of hypertension, weight, glycemic control, stress and mood, and long-term cardiovascular risk. Additionally, the use of telemedicine, blood pressure self-monitoring, remote activity monitoring, and behavioral health coaches are potentially feasible modalities to augment clinic-based care for cardiovascular risk factors and weight management, but additional studies are needed to study their long-term effectiveness. Summary: Development of a comprehensive postpartum care plan with careful consideration of each patient’s risk profile and access to resources is critical to improve maternal morbidity and mortality, reduce health disparities, and achieve long-term cardiovascular health for women. Supporting postpartum well-being of women during this transition period requires a multidisciplinary approach, especially primary care engagement, and planning should start before delivery.
Epigenetic and transcriptomic alterations in offspring born to women with type 1 diabetes (the EPICOM study); Background: Offspring born to women with pregestational type 1 diabetes (T1DM) are exposed to an intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and has an increased risk of metabolic disease later in life. In this present study, we hypothesize that in utero exposure to T1DM alters offspring DNA methylation and gene expression, thereby altering their risk of future disease. Methods: Follow-up study using data from the Epigenetic, Genetic and Environmental Effects on Growth, Metabolism and Cognitive Functions in Offspring of Women with Type 1 Diabetes (EPICOM) collected between 2012 and 2013. Setting: Exploratory sub-study using data from the nationwide EPICOM study. Participants: Adolescent offspring born to women with T1DM (n=20) and controls (n=20) matched on age, sex, and postal code. Main outcome measures: This study investigates DNA methylation using the 450K-Illumina Infinium assay and RNA expression (RNA sequencing) of leucocytes from peripheral blood samples. Results: We identified 9 hypomethylated and 5 hypermethylated positions (p < 0.005, |ΔM-value| > 1) and 38 up- and 1 downregulated genes (p < 0.005, log2FC ≥ 0.3) in adolescent offspring born to women with T1DM compared to controls. None of these findings remained significant after correction for multiple testing. However, we identified differences in gene co-expression networks, which could be of biological significance, using weighted gene correlation network analysis. Interestingly, one of these modules was significantly associated with offspring born to women with T1DM. Functional enrichment analysis, using the identified changes in methylation and gene expression as input, revealed enrichment in disease ontologies related to diabetes, carbohydrate and glucose metabolism, pathways including MAPK1/MAPK3 and MAPK family signaling, and genes related to T1DM, obesity, atherosclerosis, and vascular pathologies. Lastly, by integrating the DNA methylation and RNA expression data, we identified six genes where relevant methylation changes corresponded with RNA expression (CIITA, TPM1, PXN, ST8SIA1, LIPA, DAXX). Conclusions: These findings suggest the possibility for intrauterine exposure to maternal T1DM to impact later in life methylation and gene expression in the offspring, a profile that may be linked to the increased risk of vascular and metabolic disease later in life.
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review; Introduction: Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Materials and Methods: Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias using NIH guidance. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Results: Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Concerning CPAP usage time, none of the selected studies specified meantime use per night. Four of them (50%) registered the outcomes after CPAP therapy for one night, while three studies (37.5%) underwent CPAP treatment for at least one month, and another trial (12.5%) for at least two weeks. None of the studies reported CPAP adverse effects in pregnant women or neonatal participants. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure (BP) decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Conclusions: CPAP is a safe treatment with long-term benefits for OSA patients, showing a strong correlation with improvement in cardiovascular functions, BP, diabetes, inflammatory markers, subjective sleep quality, quality of life, and mortality. Although physiological changes in pregnancy contribute as risk factors for OSA’s development due to lower respiratory function, upper airway edema, and elevated estrogen, the prevalence and comorbidities related to OSA in the pregnant are still a growing area of study. Despite its undeniable relevance, there were only eight clinical trials about CPAP treatment in the pregnant population and its effects on maternal comorbidities, subjective aspects (sleep quality, daytime sleepiness), fetal, and neonatal outcomes. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy. Acknowledgments: In memory of Christian Guilleminault for his outstanding role in the field of Sleep Medicine.
Effectiveness of a nurse practitioner-led cardiovascular prevention clinic at reduction of metabolic syndrome following maternal complications of pregnancy: a preliminary analysis; Aim: Maternal complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour, and placental abruption, are associated with increased risk of future cardiometabolic disease. Lifestyle interventions that focus on preventative strategies for this young, high-risk population of women may assist in cardiometabolic disease risk reduction. The aim of this preliminary registry analysis was to observe the change in maternal metabolic syndrome status after receiving a nurse practitioner-led lifestyle intervention delivered soon after a complicated pregnancy. Method: This preliminary analysis included 64 eligible women who had attended both baseline (approximately 6 months postpartum) and review (approximately eighteen months postpartum) appointments at the postpartum lifestyle clinic after an index pregnancy complicated by at least one maternal complication of pregnancy. Metabolic syndrome status at both appointments was assessed. Results: At the baseline appointment, 22 (34.4%) women met the criteria for metabolic syndrome. This number reduced at the review appointment to 19 (29.7%). This difference was not statistically significant. There were some modest improvements in the individual cardiometabolic risk factors, as well as marked improvements in the women who had recovered from metabolic syndrome over twelve months. Conclusion: There was a high percentage of metabolic syndrome present early in the postpartum period. The results of this preliminary analysis highlight the importance of continuing preventative care and ongoing research for this group of high-risk women.
Antenatal Programming of Hypertension: Paradigms, Paradoxes, and How We Move Forward; Purpose of Review: Synthesize the clinical, epidemiological, and preclinical evidence for antenatal programming of hypertension and critically appraise paradigms and paradoxes to improve translation. Recent Findings: Clinical and epidemiological studies persistently demonstrate that antenatal factors contribute to programmed hypertension under the developmental origins of health and disease framework, including lower birth weight, preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction. Preclinical mechanisms include preeclampsia, maternal diabetes, maternal undernutrition, and antenatal corticosteroid exposure. However, clinical and epidemiological studies to date have largely failed to adequately identify, discuss, and mitigate many sources and types of bias in part due to heterogeneous study designs and incomplete adherence to scientific rigor. These limitations have led to incomplete and biased paradigms as well as persistent paradoxes that have significantly limited translation into clinical and population health interventions. Summary: Improved understanding of these paradigms and paradoxes will allow us to substantially move the field forward.
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective UK Biobank study; Background: Previous studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in elderly women after GDM. In the current study, we examined whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. Methods: Among the UK participants, we included 219,330 women aged 40 to 69 years who reported at least one live birth. The new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes was compared according to GDM history by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. Results: After enrollment, 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with GDM history had an increased risk for overall cardiovascular outcomes [adjusted HR (aHR) 1.36 (95% CI 1.18–1.55)], including coronary artery disease [aHR 1.31 (1.08–1.59)], myocardial infarction [aHR 1.65 (1.27–2.15)], ischemic stroke [aHR 1.68 (1.18–2.39)], peripheral artery disease [aHR 1.69 (1.14–2.51)], heart failure [aHR 1.41 (1.06–1.87)], mitral regurgitation [aHR 2.25 (1.51–3.34)], and atrial fibrillation/flutter [aHR 1.47 (1.18–1.84)], after adjustment for age, race, BMI, smoking, early menopause, hysterectomy, prevalent disease, and medication. In mediation analysis, overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. Conclusions: GDM was associated with more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship.
Cardiovascular Dysfunction in Intrauterine Growth Restriction; Purpose of Review: We highlight important new findings on cardiovascular dysfunction in intrauterine growth restriction. Recent Findings: Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a multifactorial condition which negatively impacts neonatal growth during pregnancy and is associated with health problems during the lifespan. It affects 5–15% of all pregnancies in the USA and Europe with varying percentages in developing countries. Epidemiological studies have reported that IUGR is associated with the pathogenesis of hypertension, activation of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS), disruption in placental-mTORC and TGFβ signaling cascades, and endothelial dysfunction in IUGR fetuses, children, adolescents, and adults resulting in the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Experimental studies are needed to investigate therapeutic measures to treat increased blood pressure (BP) and long-term CVD problems in people affected by IUGR. Summary: We outline the mechanisms mediating fetal programming of hypertension in developing CVD. We have reviewed findings from different experimental models focusing on recent studies that demonstrate CVD in IUGR.
Ultra-processed foods and human health: from epidemiological evidence to mechanistic insights; Epidemiological studies have suggested a role for ultra-processed foods in numerous chronic inflammatory diseases such as inflammatory bowel diseases and metabolic syndrome. Preclinical and clinical studies are accumulating to better decipher the effects of various aspects of food processing and formulation on the aetiology of chronic, debilitating inflammatory diseases. In this Review, we provide an overview of the current data that highlight an association between ultra-processed food consumption and various chronic diseases, with a focus on epidemiological evidence and mechanistic insights involving the intestinal microbiota.
Mediating effect of vascular risk factors underlying the link between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have an elevated lifetime incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the basis of this excess risk remains to be established. In this context, we hypothesized that chronic exposure to adverse cardiovascular risk factors may contribute to their elevated risk of CVD. We thus sought to quantify the determinants of CVD risk in women with a history of GDM by performing mediation analyses. Methods: Women in Ontario, Canada, with a live-birth pregnancy between Jan 1998 and Dec 2017 (n=757,541) were followed for a median of 13.2 years and stratified into the following 4 groups: women with GDM who developed CVD (GDM+/CVD+); women without GDM who developed CVD (GDM−/CVD+); those with GDM but no CVD (GDM+/CVD−); and those with neither GDM nor CVD (GDM−/CVD−). Lipids (total cholesterol, LDL, HDL, triglycerides) and glycemic variables (A1c, fasting glucose) were measured between 4.3±3.0 and 4.8±3.4 times over follow-up. Results: On successive measurements at a median of 4.8, 7.1, and 8.7 years postpartum, respectively, each lipid and glycemic measure progressively worsened from GDM−/CVD− to GDM+/CVD− to GDM−/CVD+ to GDM+/CVD+ (all p<0.0001). At each point in time, each of the lipid and glycemic measures was significantly worse in GDM+/CVD+ compared to GDM+/CVD− (all p<0.001). Moreover, among women who did not develop CVD, all lipid and glycemic measures were significantly worse in those with previous GDM (all p<0.001 for GDM+/CVD− vs GDM−/CVD−). Mediation analyses revealed that the dominant determinants of CVD risk in women with GDM were A1c (56.0% mediation, 95%CI 47.4–67.8) and fasting glucose (47.4%, 38.8–60.8), followed by HDL (25.2%, 21.3–30.7) and triglycerides (12.1%, 9.7–15.6). Upon exclusion of those who developed diabetes during follow-up, the key determinants were HDL (40.8%), fasting glucose (37.7%), A1c (28.6%), triglycerides (21.0%), and LDL (9.9%). Conclusions: Adverse glycemic and lipid measures mediate the elevated risk of CVD in women with previous GDM, with the impact of lipids particularly evident in those who do not develop diabetes. These findings thus identify potential targets for risk factor monitoring and ultimately early intervention towards the goal of primary prevention of CVD in this at-risk patient population.
Applying Interventions to Address the Social Determinants of Health and Reduce Health Disparities in Congenital Heart Disease Patients; Purpose of Review: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is associated with high expenditures, high complications, and the highest hospital readmissions among chronic pediatric diseases. Social determinants of health (SDOH) can further increase the burden of chronic disease on patients and families by reducing access to quality healthcare, safe neighborhoods, and healthy food. Strategies that seek to reduce disparities in the SDOH can have a positive impact on long term outcomes. This is particularly true for CHD patients where more adverse SDOH have been shown to have negative impact on patient outcomes. There is a need to determine if interventions focused on reducing disparities in SDOH utilized in other medical disciplines can be applied to pediatric cardiology. The purpose of our review is to determine how interventions implemented in other medical disciplines may be applied in pediatric cardiology populations to mitigate disparities in the SDOH. Recent Findings: There are community-based participatory research (CBPR) approaches and quality improvement (QI) initiatives that have been used to address disparities in the SDOH. Multi-disciplinary teams that incorporate community partners and have members dedicated to addressing out-of-hospital needs of patients have been trialed and successfully improved patient outcomes. These approaches focus on improving quality of care and mobilizing community resources to minimize access to care barriers. Patient and family empowerment and involvement also play an impactful role to inform research design and health policy questions to work toward promoting research and policies focused on delivering equitable care. Summary: SDOH play a major role in driving health inequities in the CHD population. Adapting interventions effective in mitigating SDOH inequities in other medical disciplines to pediatric cardiology provides the opportunity to improve access of care from the prenatal period through the transition and transfer to adult care and to reduce morbidity and mortality. Examples of intervention adaptations in pediatric cardiology include the following: (1) applying a community-based participatory research approach within interventions to improve detection of CHD and improve perinatal outcomes, (2) developing and applying effective QI initiatives to mitigate disparities throughout the CHD lifespan, (3) meeting access to care needs of CHD patients and families for neurodevelopmental and mental health services, and (4) ensuring quality lifelong care (prenatal to adult congenital) and improving the transition and transfer to adult care.
Fetal umbilical artery thrombosis: prenatal diagnosis, treatment and follow-up; Background: To analyze the ultrasound imaging and clinical characteristics of fetuses with umbilical artery thrombosis (UAT), explore the potential causes of UAT and construct a prognostic prediction model to guide clinical practice. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of fetal UAT cases examined at two academic tertiary referral care centers from 2014 to 2020. The basic information of the participants was obtained by interview during follow-up, and data on clinical treatment, delivery conditions, diagnosis and confirmation were obtained through medical records. Probable causes of thrombosis were explored by comparative analysis of the UAT group to the control group and by further regression analysis. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to evaluate risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were constructed to evaluate the diagnostic value of the prognostic prediction model. Results: Thirty fetuses with UAT were included in this study. UAT occurred mostly in the third trimester of pregnancy, and there was an obvious predominance of right UAT. An abnormal pregnancy history (53.3%) was the most common comorbidity, followed by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (20.0%). GDM and umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities were found to be independent risk factors for the development of UAT. After comprehensive decision-making, over two-thirds of the patients with UAT received urgent treatment, and less than one-third received expectant management. Surprisingly, there were no significant differences in fetal outcomes between the urgent treatment and expectant management groups. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that gestational age (GA) at clinical diagnosis and UC abnormalities were independent risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes (OR 0.781, p = 0.042; OR 16.779, p = 0.023, respectively). Based on this, we constructed a comprehensive prognostic prediction model. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 0.877 (95% CI 0.698–0.970; p < 0.001), which suggested that the combination of GA and UC abnormalities was a better predictor for fetal outcomes in our setting. Conclusion: In summary, maternal GDM and fetal UC abnormalities are independent risk factors for UAT. UAT is more frequently observed on the right side. Moreover, poor clinical outcomes for fetuses with UAT are ascribed mainly to GA and UC abnormalities, which should be comprehensively evaluated to choose the appropriate treatment.
Insight into the physiological and pathological roles of the aryl hydrocarbon receptor pathway in glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, and diabetes development; The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AhR) is a ligand-activated transcriptional factor that mediates the toxicities of several environmental pollutants. Decades of research have been carried out to understand the role of AhR as a novel mechanism for disease development. Its involvement in the pathogenesis of cancer, cardiovascular diseases, rheumatoid arthritis, and systemic lupus erythematosus have long been known. One of the current hot research topics is investigating the role of AhR activation by environmental pollutants on glucose homeostasis and insulin secretion, and hence the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus. To date, epidemiological studies have suggested that persistent exposure to environmental contaminants such as dioxins, with subsequent AhR activation increases the risk of specific comorbidities such as obesity and diabetes. The importance of AhR signaling in various molecular pathways highlights that the role of this receptor is far beyond just xenobiotic metabolism. The present review aims at providing significant insight into the physiological and pathological role of AhR and its regulated enzymes, such as cytochrome P450 1A1 (CYP1A1) and CYP1B1 in both types of diabetes. It also provides a comprehensive summary of the current findings of recent research studies investigating the role of the AhR/CYP1A1 pathway in insulin secretion and glucose hemostasis in the pancreas, liver, and adipose tissues. This review further highlights the molecular mechanisms involved, such as gluconeogenesis, hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF), oxidative stress, and inflammation.
The utilization of transperineal ultrasound following fetal heart deceleration after epidural analgesia: a case report; Background: We report a case of fetal heart rate decelerations and relaxation of pelvic muscles and fetal descent using transperineal ultrasound after initiation of epidural labor analgesia. Case presentation: A 32-year-old woman, G1P0 with gestational age of 40 weeks, required epidural analgesia when her cervical dilatation was 2 cm. Baseline transperineal ultrasound examination was performed before epidural puncture. The fetal heart rate tracing was normal before the initiation of analgesia. Approximately 10 min after the epidural administration of the loading dose, the patient reported onset of analgesia and the FHR tracing showed variable-decelerations. There was no hypotension or evidence of uterine tachysystole. Transperineal ultrasound was performed again after epidural analgesia took effect. The anteroposterior diameter of the levator hiatus increased from 5.3 to 6.6 cm and angle of progress increased from 116°to 133°. The relaxation of pelvic muscle and rapid descent of fetal head may have contributed to the FHR deceleration. The midwife elevated the fetal head through the vagina with her hand, and the FHR recovered soon thereafter. Conclusions: Changes in fetal heart rate after initiation of neuraxial analgesia are unpredictable. In addition to FHR and tocodynametric monitoring, performing TPU may helpful in distinguishing the reasons for FHR change and initiating corresponding corrective measures.
Machine learning for data integration in human gut microbiome; Recent studies have demonstrated that gut microbiota plays critical roles in various human diseases. High-throughput technology has been widely applied to characterize the microbial ecosystems, which led to an explosion of different types of molecular profiling data, such as metagenomics, metatranscriptomics and metabolomics. For analysis of such data, machine learning algorithms have shown to be useful for identifying key molecular signatures, discovering potential patient stratifications, and particularly for generating models that can accurately predict phenotypes. In this review, we first discuss how dysbiosis of the intestinal microbiota is linked to human disease development and how potential modulation strategies of the gut microbial ecosystem can be used for disease treatment. In addition, we introduce categories and workflows of different machine learning approaches, and how they can be used to perform integrative analysis of multi-omics data. Finally, we review advances of machine learning in gut microbiome applications and discuss related challenges. Based on this we conclude that machine learning is very well suited for analysis of gut microbiome and that these approaches can be useful for development of gut microbe-targeted therapies, which ultimately can help in achieving personalized and precision medicine.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis in newborns: a systematic literature review of case reports and model of pathophysiology; Background: Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn (SCFN) is a rare disease occurring in the first days of life. Characteristically, the infants show hard nodules in subcutaneous tissue, purple or erythematous in color and appear on the upper back, cheeks, buttocks and limbs. In most cases, SCFN is a self-limiting disease, as the nodules disappear in up to 6 months. A severe complication associated with SCFN is hypercalcaemia. Pathophysiological mechanisms causing SCFN or associated hypercalcaemia are not fully understood yet. Methods: A systematic literature research including the six biggest databases for medical research has been used to identify all published case reports of SCFN. N = 206 publications has been identified containing n = 320 case reports. All cases have been classified into four subgroups (depending on reported serum-calcium-level): hypercalcaemia, normocalcaemia, hypocalcaemia or no information given. Reported maternal factors, birth characteristics, details about SCFN, diagnostics, therapy and long-term observations have been extracted from publications. Results: This is the first systematic literature research that summed up all published cases of SCFN from 1948 up to 2018. Information about serum calcium level was given in 64.3% of the cases. From those, the majority showed hypercalcaemia (70.5%) (normocalcaemia 25.1%, hypocalcemia 4.3%). 89.3% of newborns with hypercalcaemia showed suppressed levels of the parathormone. Maternal gestational diabetes, maternal hypertensive diseases during pregnancy, macrosomia (> 4000g), asphyxia and therapeutic hypothermia are risk factors for SCFN. Histological findings showed a granulomatous inflammation in 98% of cases. Conclusion: We identified that maternal, birth characteristics and therapeutic measures are probably risk factors for SCFN. These risk factors should be taken into account within the care of neonates.
Measuring the quality of antenatal care in a context of high utilisation: evidence from Telangana, India; Background: Antenatal care coverage has dramatically increased in many low-and middle-income settings, including in the state of Telangana, India. However, there is increasing evidence of shortfalls in the quality of care women receive during their pregnancies. This study aims to examine dimensions of antenatal care quality in Telangana, India using four primary and secondary data sources. Methods: Data from two secondary statewide data sources (National Family Health Survey (NFHS-5), 2019–21; Health Management Information System (HMIS), 2019–20) and two primary data sources (a facility survey in 19 primary health centres and sub-centres in selected districts of Telangana; and observations of 36 antenatal care consultations at these facilities) were descriptively analysed. Results: NFHS-5 data showed about 73% of women in Telangana received all six assessed antenatal care components during pregnancy. HMIS data showed high coverage of antenatal care visits but differences in levels of screening, with high coverage of haemoglobin tests for anaemia but low coverage of testing for gestational diabetes and syphilis. The facility survey found missing equipment for several key antenatal care services. Antenatal care observations found blood pressure measurement and physical examinations had high coverage and were generally performed correctly. There were substantial deficiencies in symptom checking and communication between the woman and provider. Women were asked if they had any questions in 22% of consultations. Only one woman was asked about her mental health. Counselling of women on at least one of the ten items relating to birth preparedness and on at least one of six danger signs occurred in 58% and 36% of consultations, respectively. Conclusion: Despite high coverage of antenatal care services and some essential maternal and foetal assessments, substantial quality gaps remained, particularly in communication between healthcare providers and pregnant women and in availability of key services. Progress towards achieving high quality in both content and experience of antenatal care requires addressing service gaps and developing better measures to capture and improve women’s experiences of care.
The case of extreme thinning of the left ventricle myocardium in a newborn with hypoplastic left heart syndrome; An extremely rare form of Hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) is reported in this article. Typically, HLHS presents with the hypoplastic or completely absent left ventricle, however, in this case, it presents with significant dilatation and extreme thinning of the left ventricular wall. A rare cardiac condition, which is described by the total absence of myocardium of the right ventricle resulting in apposition of the endocardium and epicardium, is referred to as Uhl's Anomaly. There is no pathology described that is associated with the absence or thinning of the myocardium of the left ventricle.
Neonatology: Topics on Puppies and Kittens Neonatal Management to Improve Neonatal Outcome; The productivity of kennels and catteries is directly linked to maternal prolificacy and neonatal survival. During the neonatal period, mortality is high, not only due to environmental factors after birth but also with regard to gestational fetal life, complications during delivery, and management errors. Neonatology is an area of veterinary medicine where having a strong knowledge base of applied physiology and common clinical presentations for newborns can often favor better outcomes and greater neonatal survival. The teaching of animal theriogenology topics, particularly neonatal medicine, in the veterinary curriculum has evolved significantly in recent years. It is essential that the veterinarian understands the maternal and neonatal particularities and the main aspects involved in the handling of puppies and kittens for the instruction of the correct handling to the breeders and better medical conduct. The breeder of dogs and cats, experienced or not, must count on the help of a veterinarian in their breeding. Proper management, constant monitoring of the litter, and prompt assistance are the keys to successful breeding.
Case Series of Acute Meconium Peritonitis Secondary to Perforation of the Ileum in the Antepartum Period; Perforation of the ileum in the antepartum period resulting in meconial peritonitis is a condition that, although rare, is burdened by several complications. In 80–90% of cases, meconial ileus is the first manifestation of a disease, cystic fibrosis. In the remaining 10–20% of cases, it is caused by other situations, such as prematurity. In most cases, the diagnosis of meconial ileus occurs after birth, although in some cases it can be suspected prenatally, with the finding of a hyperechoic intestine on second trimester ultrasound. The prognosis depends on the gestational age, the location of the obstruction and the presence of fetal abnormalities. Mortality is very high and the recovery of intestinal function in the postoperative course is very high risk. In this case series, we describe two meconial peritonitis and our experience at the center.
Cord Blood Cardiovascular Biomarkers in Left-Sided Congenital Heart Disease; Fetal echocardiography has limited prognostic ability in the evaluation of left-sided congenital heart defects (left heart defects). Cord blood cardiovascular biomarkers could improve the prognostic evaluation of left heart defects. A multicenter prospective cohort (2013–2019) including fetuses with left heart defects (aortic coarctation, aortic stenosis, hypoplastic left heart, and multilevel obstruction (complex left heart defects) subdivided according to their outcome (favorable vs. poor), and control fetuses were evaluated in the third trimester of pregnancy at three referral centers in Spain. Poor outcome was defined as univentricular palliation, heart transplant, or death. Cord blood concentrations of N-terminal precursor of B-type natriuretic peptide, Troponin I, transforming growth factor β, placental growth factor, and soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 were determined. A total of 45 fetuses with left heart defects (29 favorable and 16 poor outcomes) and 35 normal fetuses were included, with a median follow-up of 3.1 years (interquartile range 1.4–3.9). Left heart defects with favorable outcome showed markedly increased cord blood transforming growth factor β (normal heart median 15.5 ng/mL (6.8–21.4) vs. favorable outcome 51.7 ng/mL (13.8–73.9) vs. poor outcome 25.1 ng/mL (6.9–39.0), p = 0.001) and decreased placental growth factor concentrations (normal heart 17.9 pg/mL (13.8–23.9) vs. favorable outcome 12.8 pg/mL (11.7–13.6) vs. poor outcome 11.0 pg/mL (8.8–15.4), p < 0.001). Poor outcome left heart defects had higher N-terminal precursor of B-type natriuretic peptide (normal heart 508.0 pg/mL (287.5–776.3) vs. favorable outcome 617.0 pg/mL (389.8–1087.8) vs. poor outcome 1450.0 pg/mL (919.0–1645.0), p = 0.001) and drastically reduced soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 concentrations (normal heart 1929.7 pg/mL (1364.3–2715.8) vs. favorable outcome (1848.3 pg/mL (646.9–2313.6) vs. poor outcome 259.0 pg/mL (182.0–606.0), p < 0.001). Results showed that fetuses with left heart defects present a distinct cord blood biomarker profile according to their outcome.
Associations between Maternal Risk Factors and Intrinsic Placental and Fetal Brain Functional Properties in Congenital Heart Disease; The relationship between maternal risk factors (MRFs) (particularly pre-gravid obesity, diabetes, and hypertension) and congenital heart disease (CHD) to placental and fetal brain outcomes is poorly understood. Here, we tested the hypothesis that MRF and CHD would be associated with reduced intrinsic placental and fetal brain function using a novel non-invasive technique. Pregnant participants with and without MRF and fetal CHD were prospectively recruited and underwent feto-placental MRI. Using intrinsic properties of blood oxygen level dependent imaging (BOLD) we quantified spatiotemporal variance of placenta and fetal brain. MRFs and CHD were correlated with functional characteristics of the placenta and fetal brain. Co-morbid MRF (hypertension, diabetes, and obesity) reduced spatiotemporal functional variance of placenta and fetal brain (p < 0.05). CHD predicted reduced fetal brain temporal variance compared to non-CHD (p < 0.05). The presence of both MRF and CHD was associated with reduced intrinsic pBOLD temporal variance (p = 0.047). There were no significant interactions of MRFs and CHD status on either temporal or spatial variance of intrinsic brain BOLD. MRF and CHD reduced functional characteristic of placenta and brain in fetuses. MRF modification and management during pregnancy may have the potential to not only provide additional risk stratification but may also improve neurodevelopmental outcomes.
The obstetric aspects of maternal asthma; Asthma is the commonest chronic medical condition encountered in pregnancy. Poor asthma control and exacerbations are frequently encountered due to treatment non-adherence, pregnancy-related aggravating factors such as increased susceptibility to viral infections, and comorbidities that are commonly associated. Asthma-related inflammatory reactions and placental effects, the effect of medications, and respiratory symptoms and hypoxia are probably to interact to result in an increased adverse obstetric outcomes including miscarriage, foetal congenital anomalies, pregnancy hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, preterm labour and birth, antepartum haemorrhage, low birthweight and foetal growth restriction (FGR), caesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), maternal intensive care admission, and even mortality, while the offspring also has increased long-term morbidity. Interdisciplinary management with frequent assessment by symptoms, spirometry, and biomarkers, together with removal of risk factors such as smoking and appropriate instigation of treatment including short courses of systemic corticosteroid, could ensure optimal and tailored treatment to control symptoms, prevent exacerbations, and ultimately enhancing maternal and perinatal outcomes.
Pregnancy complications and placental histology in in vitro fertilization pregnancies with initial low serum β-hCG levels; Objective: To assess perinatal outcomes and placental findings after in vitro fertilization (IVF) with an initial low serum β-human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG). Design: A retrospective cohort study. Setting: University-affiliated tertiary hospital. Intervention(s): Low serum β-hCG after transfer, defined as the low 10th percentile for the cohort on day 16 embryo age (low β-hCG group), compared with an initial serum β-hCG at or above the low 10th percentile (control group). Patient(s): Live singleton births after IVF between 2009 and 2017. Main Outcome Measure(s): Primary outcomes were placental findings, including anatomic, inflammatory, vascular malperfusion, and villous maturation lesions, as categorized according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus. Secondary outcomes included obstetric and perinatal outcomes. Result(s): The low 10th percentile of β-hCG results corresponded to 149 mUI/mL. There were 103 cases in the low β-hCG group, and 928 in the control group. Maternal demographics were similar between the groups, whereas blastocyte transfer was more common in the control group. Deliveries in the low β-hCG group were associated with an increased rate of preterm births, 15.5% vs. 8.1%, which maintained significance after adjustment for confounders. Placentas in the low β-hCG group were notable for a high rate of velamentous cord insertion, 19.4% vs. 7.7%, single umbilical artery 3.8% vs. 0.6%, and histological maternal vasculopathy, 10.6% vs. 4.8%. Conclusion: Live births after IVF with an initial low β-hCG level are associated with a twofold increase in preterm births and placental gross and histological changes. It may thus be considered to observe such cases in a high-risk pregnancy setting.
Construction of a novel miRNA regulatory network and identification of target genes in gestational diabetes mellitus by integrated analysis; Backgrounds: Given the roles of microRNA (miRNA) in human diseases and the high incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the aim of the study was to examine miRNA signatures and crucial pathways, as well as possible biomarkers for GDM diagnosis. Methods: We conducted a two-stage study to explore functional miRNA and those target genes. Twelve participants (6 GDM and 6 non-GDM) were first enrolled and performed RNA sequencing analysis. The overlapped candidate genes were further screened in combination with differentially expressed genes (DEGs) of GEO datasets (GSE87295, GSE49524 and GSE19649) and potential target genes of DEMs. Candidate genes, critical pathways, small molecular compounds and regulatory networks were identified using bioinformatic analysis. The potential candidate genes were then investigated using the GEO dataset (GSE103552) of 19 participants in the validation stage (11 GDM and 8 non-GDM women). Results: Briefly, blood samples were sequenced interrogating 50 miRNAs, including 20 upregulated and 30 downregulated differentially expressed microRNAs(DEMs) in our internal screening dataset. After screening GEO databases, 123 upregulated and 70 downregulated genes were overlapped through DEGs of GEO datasets and miRNA-target genes. MiR-29b-1-5p-TGFB2, miR-142-3p-TGFB2, miR-9-5p-FBN2, miR-212-5p-FBN2, miR-542-3p-FBN1, miR-9-5p-FBN1, miR-508-3p-FBN1, miR-493-5p-THBS1, miR-29b-3p-COL4A1, miR-432-5p-COL5A2, miR-9-5p-TGFBI, miR-486-3p-SLC7A5 and miR-6515-5p-SLC1A5 were revealed as thirteen possible regulating pathways by integrative analysis. Conclusion: Overall, thirteen candidate miRNA-target gene regulatory pathways representing potentially novel biomarkers of GDM diseases were revealed. Ten chemicals were identified as putative therapeutic agents for GDM. This study examined a series of DEGs that are associated with epigenetic alternations of miRNA through an integrated approach and gained insight into biological pathways in GDM. Precise diagnosis and therapeutic targets of GDM would be further explored through putative genes in the future.
Children, Adolescents, and Young Adults with Borderline Intellectual Functioning: Etiological, Neurophysiological, and Mri Findings in a Cohort of 651 Patients; This retrospective chart review study explored the etiology, use, and yield of the etiological investigations of 651 children and adolescents diagnosed with borderline intellectual functioning (BIF). Neurological, neurodevelopmental, or neuropsychiatric comorbidities were frequent, and in 23%, the BIF diagnosis evolved into an intellectual disability (ID) by the time of discharge. A primary etiological cause was found in 37.6%, the most prevalent causes being pre- or perinatal conditions, genetic syndromes/chromosomal abnormalities, fetal exposure to maternal substance use, cerebral dysgenesis, and neurological diseases. In total, 79.1% of patients went through one or more investigations during their follow-up. The best etiologic yield leading to a diagnosis in this study population was with exome sequencing, a specific gene panel, microarrays, electroneuromyography, and brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Etiological investigations were performed more frequently among those children receiving an ID diagnosis. Yet, there was no statistically significant difference in the proportion of abnormal findings between the BIF and ID groups. This may mean that the current strategy for determining the need for etiological investigations or current means to gain an etiology is still indecisive. Considering that BIF is defined to include individuals performing between normal cognitive functioning and mild ID, this implies that the prevalence would be anywhere between 7 and 14%. Thus, it could be argued whether in-depth etiological investigations may be justified in cases other than ID in this age group of children over five. With these children and adolescents, the clinicians have to discern between those with a normal variation and those having major difficulties in adaptive behavior affecting everyday life in order to specify and prescribe the rehabilitation or other measures needed. We advocate for a targeted etiological search after careful history-taking and neurological examination. National guidelines that take into account the severity of developmental delay are warranted.
Reducing Birth Defects by Decreasing the Prevalence of Maternal Chronic Diseases—Evaluated by Linked National Registration Dataset; Birth defects (BDs) are an important cause of abortion, stillbirth, and infant mortality that may cause lifelong disability. The defects can be caused by genetics, environmental exposure, or maternal chronic diseases. We conducted a study to analyze the association between maternal chronic diseases and BDs and to evaluate the effect of decreasing the prevalence of maternal chronic diseases on reducing BDs. The data of newborns and their mothers were concatenated and analyzed from three national population databases: the National Health Insurance Research Database, the Birth Certificate Application, and the Birth Registration Database in Taiwan during the period of 2005 to 2014. Codes 740-759 of the International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision—Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) were used as the diagnosis of BDs. The prevalence of BDs was 2.72%. Mothers with cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM had a significantly higher prevalence of BDs. The population attributable risk percent (PAR%) of BDs was 1.63%, 0.55%, 0.18%, 1.06%, 0.45%, 0.22%, 0.48%, and 0.24% for maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. The percentage change (−1%, −5%, and −10% of prevalence in 2034 compared with the prevalence in 2005–2014) of maternal disease and the predicted number of live births was used to estimate the decrease in the number of newly diagnosed BDs in 2034. By using the middle-estimated number of live births in 2034, we predicted that the number of BDs would decrease by 302, 102, 33, 196, 83, 41, 89, and 44 with a −5% prevalence of maternal hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal disease, genitourinary infection, anemia, neurotic and psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, respectively. We conclude that mothers with chronic diseases, including cardiovascular diseases, hypertension, anemia, genitourinary tract infections, renal diseases, neurotic or psychotic disorders, gestational DM, and pregestational type 1 or type 2 DM, have a significantly higher (p < 0.01) prevalence of having offspring with BDs. Mothers with chronic diseases are associated with BDs. It is very important to set up a policy to decrease the prevalence of these maternal chronic diseases; then, we can reduce the incidence of BDs.
Maternal Weight Gain during Pregnancy and the Developing Autonomic Nervous System—Possible Impact of GDM; Objective: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring’s long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with fetal autonomic nervous system (ANS) function, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We investigated whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). Research design and methods: We examined the 2-year-old offspring of mothers who had undergone a 5-point, 75 g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded, and time domain and frequency domain parameters were analyzed. Body composition was assessed using bioelectrical impedance testing. Results: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys), 30 of whom were born to mothers with treated GDM and normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT), respectively. No differences were found between the groups with regard to birth weight, weight at the age of 2 years, and body fat content. We observed that GWG was associated with heart rate and HRV, indicating that children of mothers with low GWG had a lower parasympathetic tone. This association was detected in NGT-exposed—but not in GDM-exposed—children. HR and HRV correlated with body fat and fat-free mass in children from normoglycemic pregnancies only. Conclusion: We found that the impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition in children from NGT pregnancies only. Our results suggest that maternal weight gain during pregnancy has a critical impact on the developing ANS, which might be disturbed in the presence of GDM.
Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) increases the risk of subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM): A novel therapeutic perspective; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a multifactorial disorder that harms both the reproductive as well as metabolic health of women. In addition, PCOS is a leading symptom of infertility in women. Nevertheless, PCOS-afflicted women who are fortunate enough to become pregnant unfortunately have an increased risk of pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth, etc. Many people believe GDM disappears after childbirth, despite the fact that GDM is a warning symptom of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease (CVD). According to growing evidence, GDM complicates 40 % of PCOS pregnancies, suggesting that PCOS is a risk factor for GDM. Hence, PCOS is a lifelong disorder that can eventually lead to various long-term health complications, including chronic menstrual irregularity, infertility, endometrial hyperplasia, and endometrial cancer. Thus, it's an undeniable scientific fact that both PCOS and GDM are significantly associated with each other. However, most studies on the risk of GDM in PCOS patients are retrospective, hence inconclusive evidence exists as to whether PCOS per se is a risk factor for GDM or any other factor associated. Henceforth, we intend to get a better therapeutic perspective of the maternal health complications associated with PCOS and GDM.
Adverse Effects of Black Carbon (BC) Exposure during Pregnancy on Maternal and Fetal Health: A Contemporary Review; Black carbon (BC) is a major component of ambient particulate matter (PM), one of the six Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Criteria air pollutants. The majority of research on the adverse effects of BC exposure so far has been focused on respiratory and cardiovascular systems in children. Few studies have also explored whether prenatal BC exposure affects the fetus, the placenta and/or the course of pregnancy itself. Thus, this contemporary review seeks to elucidate state-of-the-art research on this understudied topic. Epidemiological studies have shown a correlation between BC and a variety of adverse effects on fetal health, including low birth weight for gestational age and increased risk of preterm birth, as well as cardiometabolic and respiratory system complications following maternal exposure during pregnancy. There is epidemiological evidence suggesting that BC exposure increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as other maternal health issues, such as pregnancy loss, all of which need to be more thoroughly investigated. Adverse placental effects from BC exposure include inflammatory responses, interference with placental iodine uptake, and expression of DNA repair and tumor suppressor genes. Taking into account the differences in BC exposure around the world, as well as interracial disparities and the need to better understand the underlying mechanisms of the health effects associated with prenatal exposure, toxicological research examining the effects of early life exposure to BC is needed.
Neonatal Sepsis Caused by Streptococcus gallolyticus Complicated with Pulmonary Hypertension: A Case-Report and a Systematic Literature Review; Streptococcus gallolyticus (S. gallolyticus) has been linked to the development of infections in adults; however, in neonates S. gallolyticus sepsis is very rare and resembles Group B Streptococcal infections. In this case report, we present the case of a full-term neonate who developed early-onset sepsis due to S. gallolyticus. A systematic review of the literature was also conducted. The neonate had good APGAR scores at 1′ and 5′. At 5 h postnatally, the neonate developed poor feeding and respiratory distress. She received oxygen in a head box, and a complete blood count and biochemistry, blood, CSF and body surface cultures were obtained. Empiric intravenous antibiotics (ampicillin and tobramycin) were initiated, and she was transferred to a tertiary NICU for further treatment. The neonate was mechanically ventilated and received dopamine and colloid fluids for circulatory support. A cardiology consultation revealed pulmonary hypertension on day one. S. gallolyticus was isolated in the blood culture. Central nervous system ultrasonography, brainstem auditory evoked potentials, and a second cardiology evaluation were normal on day three. Clinical and laboratory improvement was noted on day three, and the baby was discharged after a 12-day hospitalization. Follow-up visits were scheduled for reevaluation.
The clinical spectrum of a nonsense mutation in KAT6A: a case report; KAT6A syndrome is an autosomal dominant genetic disorder associated with intellectual disability due to mutations in the lysine acetyltransferase 6A (KAT6A) gene. There are some differences in phenotype between KAT6A gene variants. This current case report describes a 1-month-old male infant that had a nonsense mutation in the KAT6A gene. Neither of his parents had the mutation. The proband had feeding difficulties and a physical examination revealed the following: moderate dysphagia, hypoplastic laryngeal cartilage, poor audio-visual response, poor head-up ability, no active grasping awareness, microcephaly, high arched palate and he was significantly behind other children of the same age. Echocardiography showed that the foramen ovale was not closed. He was diagnosed with atrial septal defect (ASD) when 2 years old. The patient received ASD repair at 32 months of age. Head colour Doppler ultrasonography and brain magnetic resonance imaging showed cysts in the right ventricle and choroid plexus, which returned to normal at 2 years of age. This current case demonstrates that immediate surgery should be considered in newborns with KAT6A syndrome presenting with a heart malformation. A new KAT6A syndrome phenotype is described in this current case report, which requires early diagnosis and treatment.
Deciphering the developmental order and microstructural patterns of early white matter pathways in a diffusion MRI based fetal brain atlas; White matter (WM) of the fetal brain undergoes rapid development to form early structural connections. Diffusion magnetic resonance imaging (dMRI) has shown to be a useful tool to depict fetal brain WM in utero, and many studies have observed increasing fractional anisotropy and decreasing diffusivity in the fetal brain during the second-to-third trimester, whereas others reported non-monotonic changes. Unbiased dMRI atlases of the fetal brain are important for characterizing the developmental trajectories of WM and providing normative references for in utero diagnosis of prenatal abnormalities. To date, the sole fetal brain dMRI atlas was collected from a Caucasian/mixed population and was constructed based on the diffusion tensor model with limited spatial resolution. In this work, we proposed a fiber orientation distribution (FOD) based pipeline for generating fetal brain dMRI atlases, which showed better registration accuracy than a diffusion tensor based pipeline. Based on the FOD-based pipeline, we constructed the first Chinese fetal brain dMRI atlas using 89 dMRI scans of normal fetuses at gestational age between 24 and 38 weeks. Complex non-monotonic trends of tensor- and FOD-derived microstructural parameters in eight WM tracts were observed, which jointly pointed to different phases of microstructural development. Specifically, we speculated that the turning point of the diffusivity trajectory may correspond to the starting point of pre-myelination, based on which, the developmental order of WM tracts can be mapped and the order was in agreement with the order of myelination from histological studies. The normative atlas also provided a reference for the detection of abnormal WM development, such as that in congenital heart disease. Therefore, the established high-order fetal brain dMRI atlas depicted the spatiotemporal pattern of early WM development, and findings may help decipher the distinct microstructural events in utero.
Euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis and COVID-19 management in a term pregnant patient; a case report; In this case report, we report a Covid-19 infected female patient with gestational diabetes mellitus with primary manifestation of ketoacidosis at term pregnancy and discuss the management challenges with euglycemia and a high ketone burden.
Sleep disordered breathing and the risk of severe maternal morbidity in women with preeclampsia: A population-based study; Objective: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) may exacerbate the widespread endothelial dysfunction seen in preeclampsia, potentially worsening clinical outcomes. We aimed to assess whether OSA is associated with an increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, cardiovascular morbidity, and healthcare utilization among women with preeclampsia. Study Design: We performed a retrospective cohort study utilizing data from the National Perinatal Information Center (2010–2014) in the United States. The cohort comprised women with preeclampsia. We estimated the association between OSA and the outcomes using logistic regression analyses and determined odds ratio adjusted for demographic factors and comorbidities (ORadj) and associated 95% confidence intervals (CI). Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was a composite of mortality and severe maternal morbidity comprising intensive care unit (ICU) admission, acute renal failure, pulmonary edema, pulmonary embolism, congestive heart failure, cardiomyopathy, and stroke. Secondary outcomes comprised the subset of cardiovascular events, as well as increased healthcare utilization (including Cesarean delivery, preterm birth, ICU admission, and prolonged length of hospital stay). Results: In total, 71,159 women had preeclampsia, including 270 (0.4 %) with OSA. Women with preeclampsia and OSA were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity than women without OSA (ORadj 2.65, 95 % CI [1.94–3.61]). Moreover, women with concomitant OSA had more severe cardiovascular morbidity than women without OSA (ORadj 5.05, 95 % CI [2.28–11.17]). Accordingly, OSA was associated with increased healthcare utilization in women with preeclampsia (ORadj. 2.26, 95 % CI [1.45–3.52]). Conclusion: In women with preeclampsia, OSA increases the risk for severe maternal morbidity, cardiovascular morbidity, and healthcare utilization.
Evaluation of labor and childbirth care by nurse-midwives in Brazilian private hospitals: results of a quality improvement project; Background: In 2015, a quality improvement project—the “Adequate Childbirth Project” (Projeto Parto Adequado, or PPA)—was implemented in Brazilian private hospitals with the goal of reducing unnecessary cesarean sections. One of the strategies adopted by the PPA was the implementation of labor and childbirth care by nurse-midwives. The objective of this study is to evaluate the results of the PPA in the implementation and adequacy of labor and childbirth care by nurse-midwives in Brazilian private hospitals. Methods: Cross-sectional, hospital-based study, carried out in 2017, in 12 hospitals participating in the PPA. We assessed the proportion of women assisted by nurse-midwives during labor and childbirth care and the adequacy of 13 care practices following parameters of the World Health Organization. Women assisted in the PPA model of care and in the standard of care model were compared using the chi-square statistical test. Results: 4798 women were interviewed. Women in the PPA model of care had a higher proportion of labor (53% × 24.2%, p value < 0.001) and vaginal birth (32.7% × 11.3%, p value < 0.001), but no significant differences were observed in the proportion of women assisted by nurse-midwives during labor (54.8% × 50.1%, p value = 0.191) and vaginal birth (2.2% × 0.7%, p value = 0.142). The implementation of recommended practices was adequate, except the use of epidural analgesia for pain relief, which was intermediate. There was a greater use of recommended practices including “oral fluid and food”, “maternal mobility and position”, “monitoring of labor”, “use of non-pharmacological methods for pain relief” and “epidural analgesia for pain relief” in women assisted by nurse-midwives in relation to those assisted only by doctors. Many non-recommended practices were frequently used during labor by nurse-midwives and doctors. Conclusions: There was an increase in the proportion of women with labor and vaginal birth in the PPA model of care and an appropriate use of recommended practices in women assisted by nurse-midwives. However, there was no difference in the proportion of women assisted by nurse-midwives in the two models of care. The expansion of nursing participation and the reduction of overused practices remain challenges.
Metformin is associated with reduced COVID-19 severity in patients with prediabetes; Aims: Studies suggest that metformin is associated with reduced COVID-19 severity in individuals with diabetes compared to other antihyperglycemics. We assessed if metformin is associated with reduced incidence of severe COVID-19 for patients with prediabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), common diseases that increase the risk of severe COVID-19. Methods: This observational, retrospective study utilized EHR data from 52 hospitals for COVID-19 patients with PCOS or prediabetes treated with metformin or levothyroxine/ondansetron (controls). After balancing via inverse probability score weighting, associations with COVID-19 severity were assessed by logistic regression. Results: In the prediabetes cohort, when compared to levothyroxine, metformin was associated with a significantly lower incidence of COVID-19 with “mild-ED” or worse (OR [95% CI]: 0.636, [0.455–0.888]) and “moderate” or worse severity (0.493 [0.339–0.718]). Compared to ondansetron, metformin was associated with lower incidence of “mild-ED” or worse severity (0.039 [0.026–0.057]), “moderate” or worse (0.045 [0.03–0.069]), “severe” or worse (0.183 [0.077–0.431]), and “mortality/hospice” (0.223 [0.071–0.694]). For PCOS, metformin showed no significant differences in severity compared to levothyroxine, but was associated with a significantly lower incidence of “mild-ED” or worse (0.101 [0.061–0.166]), and “moderate” or worse (0.094 [0.049–0.18]) COVID-19 outcome compared to ondansetron. Conclusions: Metformin use is associated with less severe COVID-19 in patients with prediabetes or PCOS.
Abstract #1321863: The Prediction of Macrovascular Complications in Individuals with T2DM with Different Risk Factors in Iraq; Objective: Diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a major health issue globally, posing a significant financial and social burden on individuals, families, and communities. The objectives of the study were to evaluate the risk factors of T2DM and its relationship to macrovascular complications. Methods: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted on 1189 individuals with T2DM attending Thi Qar Specialized Diabetes Endocrine and Metabolism Center (TDEMC) in Thi Qar, Southern Iraq. All patients’ data were gathered from direct interviewees and the digital records of TDEMC, which used an internal network system and Microsoft Access program. Results: The mean age was 55.9 ± 11.7 years, female 58%, body mass index 31.2 ± 5.5 kg/m2, waist circumference 108± 11.6 cm. One-fifth (20.9%) of this cohort were having an established atherosclerotic cardiovascular. Dyslipidemia in T2DM was a common biochemical derangement of 77.6% and it increased the risk of all elements of macrovascular complication at a rate (87.8% P ≤.001) heart disease, (85.4% P =.015) stroke and (79.6% P =.063) clinical PAD. Hypertension (63.5%), family history of T2DM (64.9%), history of CVD, sign insulin resistance (61.7%), central obesity (84.3%), history of gestational diabetes mellitus and estimated glomerular filtration rate <60 mL/min/1.73 m2 were having a significant effect on overall macrovascular complications among T2DM. Discussion/Conclusion: History of dyslipidemia is the most significant (P ≤.001) independent risk factor for the prediction of macrovascular complications among T2DM, while other risk factors were considered as dependent to further cofounders.
Trends, Predictors and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-a National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004-2019); BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of pregnancy-associated complications and long-term risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. However, data on in-hospital peripartum CV complications remain limited. Hence, we investigated trends, outcomes, and predictors of CV complications associated with GDM diagnosis during delivery hospitalizations in the United States. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019). ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GDM diagnosis. A total of 63,115,002 hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among women with GDM (n=2,435,301). The prevalence of GDM, and of obesity increased during the study period (p-trend<0.01) (Figure A). Women with GDM were older (median 32 vs 28 years, p<0.01) and had higher prevalence of obesity, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, and insurance/income, GDM remained an independent predictor of CV complications including preeclampsia [aOR 2.02 (95% CI 2.01-2.03), p<0.01], eclampsia [aOR 1.68 (1.64-1.72), p<0.01], peripartum cardiomyopathy [aOR 1.15 (1.08-1.22), p<0.01], acute kidney injury [aOR 1.16 (1.11-1.21), p<0.01], stroke [aOR 1.15 (1.09-1.23), p<0.01] and cardiac arrhythmias [aOR 1.48 (1.46-1.50), p<0.01], compared to no GDM (Figure B). Delivery hospitalizations among women with GDM were associated with increased length (3 vs 2 days, p<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4,909 vs $3,682, p<0.01). CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM had higher risk of preeclampsia/eclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and cardiac arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among women with GDM diagnosis were associated with increased length and cost of hospitalization.
Trends and inequities in severe maternal morbidity in Massachusetts: A closer look at the last two decades; It is estimated that 50,000-60,000 pregnant people in the United States (US) experience severe maternal morbidity (SMM). SMM includes life-threatening conditions, such as acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, amniotic fluid embolism, disseminated intravascular coagulation, or sepsis. Prior research has identified both rising rates through 2014 and wide racial disparities in SMM. While reducing maternal death and SMM has been a global goal for the past several decades, limited progress has been made in the US in achieving this goal. Our objectives were to examine SMM trends from 1998-2018 to identify factors contributing to the persistent and rising rates of SMM by race/ethnicity and describe the Black non-Hispanic/White non-Hispanic rate ratio for each SMM condition. We used a population- based data system that links delivery records to their corresponding hospital discharge records to identify SMM rates (excluding transfusion) per 10, 000 deliveries and examined the trends by race/ethnicity. We then conducted stratified analyses separately for Black and White birthing people. While the rates of SMM during the same periods steadily increased for all racial/ethnic groups, Black birthing people experienced the greatest absolute increase compared to any other race/ethnic group going from 69.4 in 1998-2000 to 173.7 per 10,000 deliveries in 2016-2018. In addition, we found that Black birthing people had higher rates for every individual condition compared to White birthing people, with rate ratios ranging from a low of 1.11 for heart failure during surgery to a high of 102.4 for sickle cell anemia. Obesity was not significantly associated with SMM among Black birthing people but was associated with SMM among White birthing people [aRR 1.18 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.36)]. An unbiased understanding of how SMM has affected different race/ethnicity groups is key to improving maternal health and preventing SMM and mortality among Black birthing people. SMM needs to be addressed as both a medical and public health challenge.
Pre-pregnancy counselling in patients with Turner syndrome: A multidisciplinary approach; Life-threatening complications may occur during pregnancy in patients with Turner syndrome (TS), such as eclampsia, gestational diabetes, cholestatic hepatitis or aortic dissection (AD). In France, a fatal AD occurred in 2 patients after oocyte donation (OD). Therefore, since 2019, our reference center created, on a quarterly basis, the first national multidisciplinary meeting evaluating the risk of a potential pregnancy in patients with TS. It involves physicians specialized in maternal-fetal medicine, gynaecologists, endocrinologists, imaging and cardiology specialists. Sixty-two cases have been evaluated. The patients’ median age at diagnosis of TS is 11 years (IQR: 8–15) and their median age at evaluation is 33 years (IQR: 29–36.7). Spontaneous menarche was present in 13/62 (21%) women. Primary ovarian insufficiency was present in 51/62 (82%) at a median age of 15 years (IQR: 14–17.2). A 45,X karyotype was observed in 16/62 (26%) of cases. Bicuspid aortic valve (BAV) was present in 16/62 cases (25.8%). The patients’ median aortic index was 16 mm/m2 (IQR: 15–18.9), evaluated with CMR and/or transthoracic echocardiography. A pregnancy has not been contraindicated in 42/62 (67.8%) of cases. The reasons for the refusal were a previous aortic replacement (6/20 patients) or a significant aortic dilatation (14/20 patients). The aortic index was above 25 mm/m2 in one patient. Mean aortic index was significantly higher in the contraindicated patients compared to the other patients: 19.5 mm/m2 (range: 15.6–26.2) vs. 15.6 mm/m2 (range: 11.4–22) (P < 0.001), respectively. Seven live births occurred at a median maternal age of 34.5 (IQR: 32.7–36.7): 3 were natural and 4 after OD. No cardiovascular events, including AD, were observed during pregnancy and in the population evaluated. Our preliminary results suggest that a multidisciplinary team meeting could improve the safety of pregnancy in women with TS.
The Association between Acculturation and Diet and Physical Activity among Pregnant Hispanic Women with Abnormal Glucose Tolerance; Background: Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), yet few studies have assessed the impact of acculturation on health behaviors that may reduce GDM risk. Materials and Methods: We assessed relationships between acculturation and meeting American Diabetes Association guidelines for macronutrient intake and American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists guidelines for physical activity (PA) using baseline data from Estudio Project Aiming to Reduce Type twO diabetes, a randomized trial conducted in Massachusetts (2013-2017) among 255 Hispanic pregnant women with hyperglycemia. Acculturation was assessed via the Psychological Acculturation Scale, duration of time and generation in the continental United States, and language preference; diet with 24-hours dietary recalls; and PA with the Pregnancy Physical Activity Questionnaire (PPAQ). Results: The majority of participants who reported low psychological acculturation (74.9%), preferred English (78.4%), were continental U.S. born (58.0%), and lived in the continental United States ≥5 years (91.4%). A total of 44.8%, 81.8%, 22.9%, and 4.6% of women met guidelines for carbohydrate, protein, fat, and fiber intakes, respectively; 31.9% met guidelines for PA. Women with higher acculturation were less likely to meet carbohydrate guidelines (English preference: adjusted risk ratios [aRR] 0.45, 95% confidence intervals [CI] 0.23-0.75; U.S. born: aRR 0.60, 95% CI 0.36-0.91; duration of time in United States: aRR 0.96, 95% CI 0.92-0.99). Women with higher acculturation were more likely to meet PA guidelines (U.S. born: aRR 1.95, 95% CI 1.11-3.44). Conclusions: In summary, higher acculturation was associated with lower likelihood of meeting dietary guidelines but greater likelihood of meeting PA guidelines during pregnancy. Interventions aimed at reducing GDM in Hispanics should be culturally informed and incorporate acculturation. Clinical Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov NCT01679210.
Preterm Delivery and Increased Risk of Recurrent Cardiovascular Events in Australian Women; Background: Women with a history of preterm delivery (PTD) have significantly increased risk of experiencing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the risk of long-term recurrence of CVD in this population remains unknown. Materials and Methods: The study was based on a cohort of Victorian women who had a singleton birth between 1999 and 2008. The primary outcome was a CVD event resulting in an Emergency Department visit/hospitalization or death. Women who do not have a PTD during the study period were adopted as the comparator. The Andersen and Gill model, which generalizes the Cox proportional hazards regression model, was used for the analysis of recurrent CVD, while adjusting for covariates, including indigenous status. Results: After excluding cases not meeting the inclusion criteria, 34,128 Victoria women who had a history of PTD and 374,538 women who had deliveries at terms were analyzed. A history of PTD was shown to be associated with significantly increased risk of recurrent CVD, while adjusting for all covariates, including indigenous status, with an adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) of 1.70 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.54-1.86, p < 0.0001). Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander women had substantially increased risk of experiencing recurrent CVD after birth over their lifetime (aHR: 3.22, 95% CI: 2.39-4.35, p < 0.0001). Conclusions: Recognizing PTD as a nontraditional risk factor of CVD may play a role in the formulation of care plans for primary and secondary CVD prevention in women with such a history.
Diagnosis and management of pulmonary hypertension in infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia: a guide for paediatric respiratory specialists; Pulmonary hypertension (PH) can develop in babies with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD). PH is common in those with severe BPD and is associated with a high mortality rate. However, in babies surviving beyond 6 months, resolution of PH is likely. There is currently no standardised screening protocol for PH in BPD patients. Diagnosis in this group relies heavily on transthoracic echocardiography. Management of BPD-PH should be led by a multidisciplinary team and focus on optimal medical management of the BPD and associated conditions that may contribute to PH. PH-targeted pharmacotherapies have been used in BPD-PH. To date, these have not been investigated in clinical trials and evidence of their efficacy and safety is absent.
Better healthcare can reduce the risk of COVID-19 in-hospital post-partum maternal death: evidence from Brazil; Objective: COVID-19 in post-partum women is commonly overlooked. The present study assessed whether puerperium is an independent risk factor of COVID-19 related in-hospital maternal death and whether fatality is preventable in the Brazilian context. Methods: We retrospectively studied the clinical data of post-partum/pregnant patients hospitalized with COVID-19 gathered from a national database that registered severe acute respiratory syndromes (SIVEP-Gripe) in Brazil. Logistic regressions were used to examine the associations of in-hospital mortality with obstetric status and with the type of public healthcare provider, adjusting for socio-demographic, epidemiologic, clinical and healthcare-related measures. Results: As of 30 November 2021, 1943 (21%) post-partum and 7446 (79%) pregnant patients of age between 15 and 45 years with COVID-19 that had reached the clinical endpoint (death or discharge) were eligible for inclusion. Case-fatality rates for the two groups were 19.8% and 9.2%, respectively. After the adjustment for covariates, post-partum patients had almost twice the odds of in-hospital mortality compared with pregnant patients. Patients admitted to private (not-for-profit) hospitals, those that had an obstetric centre or those located in metropolitan areas were less likely to succumb to SARS-CoV-2 infection. Those admitted to the Emergency Care Unit had similar mortality risk to those admitted to other public healthcare providers. Conclusion: We demonstrated that puerperium was associated with an increased odds of COVID-19-related in-hospital mortality. Only part of the risk can be reduced by quality healthcare such as non-profit private hospitals, those that have an obstetric centre or those located in urban areas.
Author response to: Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis; This commentary is an author response to Yu and colleagues regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding minor errors in our manuscript, our search strategy and assessment of heterogeneity.
Associations between Diet Quality and Allostatic Load in US Adults: Findings from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2015-2018; BACKGROUND: Allostatic load (AL), the concept of cumulative biological risk from chronic stressful exposures, may provide a framework with which to examine the links between diet, physiological stress, and disease. OBJECTIVE: This study examined the associations between diet quality and AL. DESIGN: This cross-sectional study was conducted using the 2015 through 2018 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. Dietary intake was assessed using two 24-hour diet recalls. Diet quality was measured using the Healthy Eating Index 2015. AL was measured by a composite score of nine biochemical markers, with three or more dysregulated values signaling elevated AL. All markers were collected during a physical examination. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: This study was conducted in a nationally representative population of 5,343 US adults aged 19 years or older who had no prior diagnosis of diabetes (except gestational diabetes), cancer (except skin cancer), or cardiovascular disease; were not pregnant; and had complete dietary intake and AL biomarker data. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: The outcome was odds of elevated AL. STATISTICAL ANALYSES PERFORMED: Accounting for the complex survey design of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the associations between Healthy Eating Index 2015 score and elevated AL, adjusting for sociodemographic variables. RESULTS: A significant inverse association between AL and diet quality was observed among adults aged 31 years and older but not among those aged 19 to 30 years. Among adults aged 31 years and older, those in higher quintiles of Healthy Eating Index 2015 score had significantly lower odds of elevated AL compared with the lowest quintile (P for trend < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that, in adults older than age 30 years, consuming a more healthful diet is inversely associated with AL.
Female-Specific Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death of women in the United States and worldwide. Unfortunately, heart disease mortality rates have recently been increasing among young women <65 years, highlighting the critical importance of assessment of CV risk and implementation of appropriate preventive therapies. Even among traditional CVD risk factors, there can be disparity by sex. For example, smoking and diabetes confer relatively greater risks of CVD in women compared to men. Autoimmune diseases, which affect approximately 8% of the population, are more prevalent in women (∼80%). Rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus are associated with increased CVD risk beyond traditional CV risk factors and associated with increased prevalence of premature atherosclerosis. In addition to the disparity conferred by traditional risk factors and the excess female burden of autoimmune disease, women also experience unique risk factors throughout their lifetime related to pregnancy, hormones, and menopause that men do not experience. There is a U-shaped relationship between age at menarche with risk of coronary heart disease and stroke, with both early (<11 years) and late (≥17 years) menarche age being associated with future CVD risk. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine abnormality among women of reproductive age, affecting 5-13% of women. Women with PCOS have increased risk of cardiometabolic complications such as type 2 diabetes (T2D), increased prevalence of subclinical atherosclerosis, and increased future risk of CVD, compared to BMI-matched controls without PCOS. Spontaneous pregnancy loss, lack of breastfeeding, and grand multi-parity have also all been linked to elevated CV risks. Notably adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as gestational diabetes (GDM), small for gestational age infant, preterm delivery, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy have all been associated with increased CV risk, even more than a decade out from index pregnancy. Gestational diabetes, which affects 1 in 10 pregnancies, is associated with an 8-fold increased risk of developing T2D and a 2-fold increased risk of future CVD. A history of GDM is associated with subclinical and clinical CVD even among women who do not develop interim T2D. Preeclampsia affects 5-8% of pregnancies, with higher rates experienced by Black women. Having a history of pregnancy with preeclampsia is associated with a 4-fold increased risk of heart failure and a 2-fold increased risk of subsequent CVD. Two out of three women who experienced pre-eclampsia will ultimately die of CVD, making this an important red flag for maternal CV risk. Additionally, early onset menopause before the age of 45 is associated with increased risk of future CVD. There has been increasing recognition of the impact of these female-specific factors for CVD risk. Current American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology guidelines considers a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes, early menopause, and/or autoimmune disease as risk-enhancing factors that would favor initiation of statin therapy for prevention among women who would be otherwise considered to be borderline or intermediate risk. A coronary artery calcium score could be considered for women over the age of 45 if additional CV risk assessment is needed to guide shared decision making about preventive therapies. Nevertheless, few clinicians outside of OB/Gyn routinely ask their female patients about their reproductive history, leading to missed opportunities for screening and preventive efforts. In sum, there are unique risk factors in women across their lifespan. Obtaining a reproductive history is important for early prevention and treatment of CVD. It is imperative that we use appropriate guideline-directed CV prevention therapy in women.
Cardiovascular disease risk in offspring of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women at reproductive age. PCOS diagnosis (Rotterdam criteria) is based on the presence of two out of three criteria; clinical and/or biochemical hyperandrogenism, oligo- or an-ovulation and polycystic ovaries. PCOS women suffer from a constellation of reproductive and metabolic abnormalities including obesity and insulin resistance. PCOS women also have increased blood pressure and increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). In-utero, offspring of PCOS women are exposed to altered maternal hormonal environment and maternal obesity (for most of PCOS women). Offspring of PCOS women could also be subject to genetic susceptibility, the transgenerational transmission of some of the PCOS traits or epigenetic changes. Offspring of PCOS women are commonly reported to have an abnormal birth weight, which is also a risk factor for developing CVD and hypertension later in life. Although studies have focused on the growth pattern, reproductive and metabolic health of children of PCOS women, very limited number of studies have addressed the risk of hypertension and CVD in those offspring particularly as they age. The current narrative review is designed to summarize the available literature (both human studies and experimental animal studies) and highlight the gaps in addressing hypertension and CVD risks in offspring of PCOS women or hyperandrogenemic female animal models.
New onset headache during delivery and postpartum: Clinical characteristics of a case series; Introduction: There are abundant studies on headache and migraine in women but few or none about their occurrence during labor, delivery, and postpartum (2 hours after delivery) owing to the low incidence. A headache attack can be debilitating when a woman is trying to manage labor pain. Research at our Women's Headache Center within the Department of Gynecology and Obstetrics has begun to shed light on this potential association. Methods: For the present study 474 women with singleton pregnancy were enrolled. A headache questionnaire was administered at two time points. Headache history was investigated on admission to prenatal care at 36 weeks gestation. The women were followed by a midwife who monitored labor progression and recorded the onset and features of headache pain. During examination before hospital discharge at 3 days post-delivery, the headache questionnaire was reviewed by a headache specialist who differentiated headache type according to International Classification of Headache Disorders (3rd edition) criteria. Results: Data analysis showed that 145/474 women had a history of headache: 65/145 (44.82%) reported a diagnosis of migraine. Eight reported experiencing a probable migraine attack (4 with aura) and one reported probable tension-type headache during labor or postpartum. All nine women who reported migraine/headache attack during labor had no previous history of headache or neurological illness. All had vaginal delivery. No onset of headache pain in patients with a previous history of headache was noted during delivery and postpartum. Discussion: The onset of a headache attack during labor in women who usually do not experience headache suggests other pathogenic mechanisms underlying the attack and merits further study.
Investigating opportunities to prevent Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus after Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: the DIVINE-NSW study; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), once thought to be fully reversed after pregnancy, is now a firmly established independent risk factor for the subsequent development of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disease and other chronic conditions. This provides a strong rationale to identify preventive strategies in women with prior GDM, including intervention soon after childbirth. Currently, preventive strategies are mostly focused on modifying lifestyle, with an emphasis on diet and physical activity. However, evidence for the effectiveness of implementing and sustaining changes in behaviour through lifestyle programs is limited, and only a small proportion of women in Australia are thought to engage in lifestyle modification programs. Consideration of additional approaches, including pharmacotherapy, is therefore warranted. The current study aims to 1) measure the prevalence and identify the predictors (up to 4 years post-partum) of persisting dysglycaemia among a diverse population of urban Australian women with recent GDM, 2) understand women's views and views of their healthcare providers on long-term risks of T2DM and barriers and facilitators to engaging in screening and preventive strategies (including pharmacotherapy) to mitigate these risks, and 3) examine the feasibility of a randomised controlled trial of preventive drug therapies in this population. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study with a qualitative sub-study. We will identify GDM-affected women who gave birth between January 2018 and December 2021 in at least three Sydney Hospitals (Liverpool Hospital, Royal Hospital for Women and St George Hospital) and invite them to participate in the study. Eligible participants will complete an online questionnaire and an oral glucose tolerance test to assess their current glycaemic status if they have not done so within 12 months of consent and are not currently pregnant. A subset of participants will be invited to participate in an interview to understand their perspectives of GDM, long-term risks and willingness to take preventive medications (including willingness to participate in trials of preventive medicines). Interviews with healthcare providers will also be conducted to understand their views of long-term diabetes risk, screening, and preventive strategies for women following GDM. Discussion: This study will help understand post-GDM care gaps and outcomes currently in Australia, as well as inform the design and conduct of future trials of preventive drug therapies in this population.
Insight into genetic, biological, and environmental determinants of sexual-dimorphism in type 2 diabetes and glucose-related traits; There is growing evidence that sex and gender differences play an important role in risk and pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Men develop T2D earlier than women, even though there is more obesity in young women than men. This difference in T2D prevalence is attenuated after the menopause. However, not all women are equally protected against T2D before the menopause, and gestational diabetes represents an important risk factor for future T2D. Biological mechanisms underlying sex and gender differences on T2D physiopathology are not yet fully understood. Sex hormones affect behavior and biological changes, and can have implications on lifestyle; thus, both sex-specific environmental and biological risk factors interact within a complex network to explain the differences in T2D risk and physiopathology in men and women. In addition, lifetime hormone fluctuations and body changes due to reproductive factors are generally more dramatic in women than men (ovarian cycle, pregnancy, and menopause). Progress in genetic studies and rodent models have significantly advanced our understanding of the biological pathways involved in the physiopathology of T2D. However, evidence of the sex-specific effects on genetic factors involved in T2D is still limited, and this gap of knowledge is even more important when investigating sex-specific differences during the life course. In this narrative review, we will focus on the current state of knowledge on the sex-specific effects of genetic factors associated with T2D over a lifetime, as well as the biological effects of these different hormonal stages on T2D risk. We will also discuss how biological insights from rodent models complement the genetic insights into the sex-dimorphism effects on T2D. Finally, we will suggest future directions to cover the knowledge gaps.
Association of Concomitant Gestational Hypertensive Disorders and Gestational Diabetes with Cardiovascular Disease; Importance: Accruing evidence suggests that gestational hypertensive disorders (GHTD) and gestational diabetes (GD) are each associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, the extent to which the co-occurrence of GHTD and GD is associated with the risk of CVD remains largely unknown. Objective: To estimate the individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cohort study used the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. All women in Ontario with a GHTD and/or GD diagnosis, and a live-birth singleton delivery between July 1, 2007, and March 31, 2018, were considered for inclusion. Women with pregravid diabetes, hypertension, or cardiovascular disease were excluded. Statistical analysis was performed from November 2021 to September 2022. Exposures: GD and/or GHTD, defined using diagnosis coding. Main Outcomes and Measures: Individual and joint associations of GHTD and GD with incident CVD (including a composite of myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy), estimated using Cox regression models, adjusting for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. The follow-up extended from the index pregnancy until March 31, 2020. Results: Among 886295 eligible women (mean [SD] age, 30 [5.6] years; 43861 [4.9%] with isolated GHTD, 54061 [6.1%] with isolated GD, and 4975 [0.6%] with GHTD and GD), there were 1999 CVD events over 12 years of follow-up. In the early postpartum phase (first 5 years post partum), there was no association of co-occurrence of GTHD and GD (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR], 1.42, 95% CI, 0.78-2.58) or GD alone (aHR, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.60-1.06) with CVD; there was an association between isolated GTHD and incident CVD compared with no GTHD and no GD (aHR, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.51-2.35). In the late postpartum period (after the initial 5 years post partum), compared with no GD and no GHTD, isolated GHTD (aHR, 1.41, 95% CI, 1.12-1.76) and co-occurrence of GHTD and GD (aHR, 2.43, 95% CI, 1.60-3.67) were each associated with a higher risk of incident CVD. There was no association between isolated GD and incident CVD. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, GHTD was associated with a high risk of CVD post partum, and the co-occurrence of GD and GHTD was associated with a much greater postpartum CVD risk. These findings suggest that CVD preventive care is particularly needed in the aftermath of combined GD and GHTD..
The role of IL-35 and IL-37 in breast cancer – potential therapeutic targets for precision medicine; Breast cancer is still a major concern due to its relatively poor prognosis in women, although there are many approaches being developed for the management of breast cancer. Extensive studies demonstrate that the development of breast cancer is determined by pro versus anti tumorigenesis factors, which are closely related to host immunity. IL-35 and IL-37, anti-inflammatory cytokines, play an important role in the maintenance of immune homeostasis. The current review focuses on the correlation between clinical presentations and the expression of IL-35 and IL-37, as well as the potential underlying mechanism during the development of breast cancer in vitro and in vivo. IL-35 is inversely correlated the differentiation and prognosis in breast cancer patients; whereas IL-37 shows dual roles during the development of breast cancer, and may be breast cancer stage dependent. Such information might be useful for both basic scientists and medical practitioners in the management of breast cancer patients.
Long term all-cause and cardiovascular disease mortality among women who undergo fertility treatment; Objectives: To compare age-adjusted all-cause and CVD mortality, relative to the general female population, for women registered for fertility treatment who received it and those who did not. Design: Prospective cohort study; analysis of Monash IVF clinical registries data, 1975–2018, linked with National Death Index mortality data. Participants: All women who registered for fertility treatment at Monash IVF (Melbourne, Victoria), 1 January 1975 – 1 January 2014, followed until 31 December 2018. Main outcome measures: Standardised mortality ratios (SMRs) for all-cause and CVD mortality, for women who did or did not undergo fertility treatment; SMRs stratified by area-level socio-economic disadvantage (SEIFA Index of Relative Socioeconomic Disadvantage [IRSD]) and (for women who underwent treatment), by stimulated cycle number and mean oocytes/cycle categories. Results: Of 44 149 women registered for fertility treatment, 33 520 underwent treatment (66.4%), 10 629 did not. After adjustment for age, both all-cause (SMR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.54–0.62) and CVD mortality (SMR, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.32–0.53) were lower than for the general female population. All-cause mortality was similar for women registered with Monash IVF who did (SMR, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.50–0.60) or did not undergo fertility treatment (SMR, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.56–0.70). The SMR was lowest for both treated and untreated women in the fifth IRSD quintile (least disadvantage), but the difference was statistically significant only for untreated women. CVD mortality was lower for registered women who underwent fertility treatment (SMR, 0.29; 95% CI, 0.19–0.43) than for those who did not (SMR, 0.58; 95% CI, 0.42–0.81). Conclusion: Fertility treatment does not increase long term all-cause or CVD mortality risk. Lower mortality among women registered for fertility treatment probably reflected their lower socio-economic disadvantage.
Case Report: De novo variant in myelin regulatory factor in a Chinese child with 46,XY disorder/difference of sex development, cardiac and urogenital anomalies, and short stature; The myelin regulatory factor (MYRF; MIM# 608329) gene was first identified as a critical transcription factor involved in oligodendrocyte differentiation and central nervous system myelination. With the recent development of exome sequencing, pathogenic variants of MYRF had been considered as the cause of cardiac-urogenital syndrome (CUGS), 46,XY and 46,XX disorders/differences of sex development (DSDs), and nanophthalmos. Herein, we described a 4-year-7-month-old “girl” with ventricular septal defect, atrial septal defect, patent ductus arteriosus, severe pulmonary hypertension, moderate-to-severe tricuspid regurgitation, enlarged coronary sinus, left superior vena cava, and right lung hypoplasia at birth. Later, the patient developed short stature and amblyopia. Further examination revealed a karyotype 46,XY and visible uterus, whereas the presence of gonads were not explored. Laparoscopy revealed dysplasia of testicular gonad. Whole-exome sequencing (WES) was performed and a de novo heterozygous mutation in MYRF was identified, known as c.2817G > A/p. W939* (NM_001127392.3). Therefore, this case report presented multiple clinical manifestations with syndromic symptoms of CUGS, 46,XY DSD, and ocular symptoms. These new data expanded the phenotype of the MYRF variant and may benefit to characterize the phenotypes caused by the variants of this gene.
An update of the consensus statement on insulin resistance in children 2010; In our modern society, where highly palatable and calorie-rich foods are readily available, and sedentary lifestyle is common among children and adolescents, we face the pandemic of obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, hypertension, atherosclerosis, and T2D. Insulin resistance (IR) is known to be the main underlying mechanism of all these associated health consequences; therefore, the early detection of IR is fundamental for preventing them.A Consensus Statement, internationally supported by all the major scientific societies in pediatric endocrinology, was published in 2010, providing all the most recent reliable evidence to identify the definition of IR in children, its measurement, its risk factors, and the effective strategies to prevent and treat it. However, the 2010 Consensus concluded that further research was necessary to assess some of the discussed points, in particular the best way to measure insulin sensitivity, standardization of insulin measurements, identification of strong surrogate biomarkers of IR, and the effective role of lifestyle intervention and medications in the prevention and treatment of IR.The aim of this review is to update each point of the consensus with the most recent available studies, with the goal of giving a picture of the current state of the scientific literature regarding IR in children, with a particular regard for issues that are not yet fully clarified.
Association of Number of Live Births With Electrocardiographic and Cardiac Structural Changes; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy is a major life event unique to women and leads to significant hemodynamic, hormonal, and metabolic changes. The purpose of this study was to use the DHS (Dallas Heart Study), a multiethnic population-based cohort study of Dallas county adults, to evaluate the association between number of live births and cardiac magnetic resonance imaging and ECG parameters later in life. METHODS AND RESULTS: Women were included if they had data on self-reported live births and ECG or cardiac magnetic resonance imaging measurements. The 3014 women were stratified by number of live births: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and ≥5. Higher number of live births was associated with larger left ventricular (LV) end-diastolic volume (β, 1.31±0.41; P<0.01), LV end-systolic volume (β, 0.83±0.24; P<0.01), and LV mass (β, 1.13±0.49; P=0.02) and lower LV ejection fraction (β, −0.004±0.0014; P<0.01). Increasing parity was associated with longer PR intervals (β, 1.07±0.38; P<0.01). Subgroup analysis by race demonstrated that the association between number of live births and magnetic resonance imaging parameters (LV end-diastolic volume, LV end-systolic volume, and LV ejection fraction) only remained significant in Black women (P value for interaction <0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Increasing number of live births was associated with electrocardiographic and cardiac structural changes in a multiethnic population. When stratified by race and ethnicity, magnetic resonance imaging structural changes only remained significant in Black participants. Whether these changes are pathologic and increase the risk of heart failure or arrhythmias in multiparous women warrants further investigation.
Lasting Hematopoietic Memory Induced By Gestational Diabetes Contributes to Atherosclerosis Development in Adult Offspring; Abstract: One in six pregnancies is affected by some form of gestational diabetes (GD), a prevalence that is steadily rising in the context of the worldwide epidemics of obesity and early diabetic onset. Early diagnosis and advances in maternal glucose control have greatly mitigated the perinatal consequences of gestational diabetes on the mothers and the offspring. However, these advances have only marginally impacted its long-term consequences. As such, exposure to hyperglycemia in utero remains associated with long-term morbidities in adult offspring, including an increased risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular diseases. The mechanisms driving this pathological transmission across generations have not been established. We hypothesized that the hematopoietic system and particularly the hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) are stably altered by GD and are essential "effectors" of its long-term pathological effects in offspring. We established two reliable genetic and pharmacological GD mouse models that reproduce the perinatal adverse features of the human pathology. In these models, we showed that gestational diabetes alters the hematopoiesis of the adult offspring even as they do not present any signs of diabetes. At steady state, we observed the skewing of the hematopoietic production toward the myeloid lineage and the expansion of key myeloid progenitors including multipotential progenitor (MPP) and granulocyte-macrophage progenitor (GMP) compartments. We also found marks of activation of the hematopoietic stem cell (HSC) compartment, which were associated with a loss of fitness in regenerative condition. Upon inflammatory challenge, GD offspring displayed an altered hematopoietic stress response that mimics the phenotype observed in mice with overt diabetes. Similar results were obtained in vitro as bone marrow-derived macrophages (BMDM) generated from GD offspring displayed functional characteristics similar to those generated from diabetic mice. Altogether these results suggest that non-diabetic GD offspring maintain, during adulthood, some hematopoietic features associated with diabetes. Importantly, this GD hematopoietic memory persisted in a hematopoietic transplantation setting, therefore indicating that this property is supported by intrinsic HSC alterations. We used atherosclerosis-prone Apoe knock-out mice to assess the impact of GD hematopoietic memory on the health of adult offspring. Consistent with the observations made in human populations, we found that GD favors atherosclerosis development in offspring with increased inflammation and cartilaginous metaplasia in the aortic valves. Importantly, similar results were obtained in a transplantation setting, therefore indicating that the alterations of the hematopoietic system in GD offspring directly contribute to the atherosclerotic phenotype. Altogether these results establish that the hematopoietic system of GD offspring maintains a long-term functional glycemic memory, even as these animals are not displaying any gross metabolic disruptions. Importantly, these results show that this hematopoietic diabetic memory contributes to the development of pathology in the adult offspring born to diabetic pregnancy. Disclosures: No relevant conflicts of interest to declare.
Pregnancy Outcomes and Iron Status in the Context of Beta Thalassemia Major and Intermedia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Abstract: Background Improvements in Magnetic Resonance Imaging for evaluation of iron loading, alongside access to orally bioavailable iron chelators, have led to improvements in life expectancy and reproductive potential for patients with beta Thalassemia Major (TM) and Thalassemia Intermedia (TI). However, pregnancy in these individuals has been associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes, the frequency of which is not well-delineated. The objective of this systematic review is to provide risk estimates of the maternal and neonatal outcomes in TM and TI, as well as explore the impact of pregnancy on indices of iron status. Study Design and Methods The study protocol was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42020182475). The study was conducted and reported according to the PRISMA4 and MOOSE5 guidelines. Studies were included if they: (1) involved pregnant people with βTM or βTI, (2) examined pregnancy complications, maternal and neonatal outcomes, and (3) were controlled trials, cohort studies and case series of more than five pregnancies. Maternal and neonatal outcomes included pre-eclampsia, thromboembolic events, gestational diabetes, maternal iron parameters, gestational age at delivery, mode of delivery and size small for gestational age. Risk of bias was assessed at the individual study level according to the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale for non-randomized studies and according to the Joanna Briggs Institute Checklist for Case Series. Results Fifteen studies involving 429 participants and 684 pregnancies met inclusion criteria. The studies had a moderate to high risk of bias. Meta-analysis demonstrated an increased risk of thrombosis of 3.7% (95% CI 1.2-75) in βTI compared to βTM (0.9% (95% CI 0.1-2.6)). The risk of heart failure was similar for βTM and βTI [1.6% (95% CI 0.4-3.7) vs. 1.1% (95% CI 0.4-3.7), respectively]. The proportion of patients who developed gestational diabetes (GDM) and pre-eclampsia in βTM was 3.9% (95% CI 1.3-8.0) and 11.3% (95% CI 6.2-15.3), respectively. Maternal mortality was 3.7% (95% CI 0.78-8.6) in βTM and 0% in βTI. Cesarean delivery rate was 83.9% (95% CI 65.2-96.2) in TM and 67% (95%CI 66-77.2) in TI. There were no significant differences in the rate of stillbirth between βTM and βTI [odds ratio (OR) 0.2 (95% CI 0.01-4.25], nor in small for gestational age neonates [OR 2.46, (95% CI 0.5-12.4)]. Similarly, there was no difference in the incidence of preterm birth for βTM and βTI. For βTM, there was a significant increase in red cell (RBC) transfusion requirements during pregnancy, increasing from 102 to 139ml of RBC/kg/year. (p= 0.001; I2 91%, P<0.0001). In pregnancies with βTI, 70% (95% CI 57.7-81.3) required a red cell transfusion during pregnancy. Overall, the pooled mean serum ferritin concentration was significantly increased in βTM (1005 ng/mL) compared to βTI (332 ng/mL) (P<0.0001) (Figure 1). The above iron status deterioration in βTM was also reflected in a significant increase in liver iron concentration from 4.6 (±2.7) to 11.9 (±3.2) mg/g dry weight (p<0.0001) and a significant decrease in myocardial T2* from 36.2±2.5 ms to 31.1 ms±3.4 during pregnancy. Conclusion While overall pregnancy outcomes for βTM and βTI are favourable, there is a doubling of the risk of stillbirth and increased risk of GDM, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, and Caesarean section, and as such individuals with these conditions warrant multi-disciplinary pregnancy care in centers with expertise, involving hematology and maternal-fetal medicine. In βTM, there is an escalation of iron loading during pregnancy, as reflected by a rise in serum ferritin levels, increase in liver iron concentration and decrease in myocardial MRI T2*, which may translate to an increased risk of cardiac complications in affected individuals. Future studies characterizing these risks are vital. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Kuo: Pfizer: Consultancy, Research Funding; Bioverativ/Sanofi/Sangamo: Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees; Celgene/BMS: Consultancy; Apellis: Consultancy; bluebird bio: Consultancy; Alexion: Consultancy, Honoraria; Novartis: Consultancy, Honoraria; Agios: Consultancy, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees. Malinowski: Alexion: Honoraria, Membership on an entity's Board of Directors or advisory committees, Speakers Bureau; Pfizer: Consultancy.
Association between gestational diabetes and 6-year incident diabetes: results from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL); Objective Type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM) disproportionately affect those of Hispanic/Latino heritage. This study examined the association between GDM and prevalent and incident diabetes in a community-based study of Hispanic/Latina women living in the USA. Methods Participants were women aged 18-74 years in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos who had at least one pregnancy and had information on self-reported history of GDM at baseline (n=6389). Logistic regression was used to determine the association between GDM and prevalent (2008-2011) and incident (2014-2017) diabetes and interactions between GDM and risk factors for incident diabetes. Results At baseline, 8.7% of participants reported a history of GDM and 18.6% had prevalent diabetes. Women with Mexican heritage had the highest prevalence of GDM history (11.3%) vs women of Cuban (5.0%), Central American (4.9%), and South American (3.8%) heritage (p<0.001 for each comparison to Mexican heritage). Women with self-reported GDM were four times more likely to have prevalent diabetes compared with women without GDM, after adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and cardiometabolic risk factors (adjusted OR (aOR)=3.94, 95% CI 2.75 to 5.64). Overall incidence of diabetes was 14.3/100 women. Women with GDM at baseline increased their odds of incident diabetes by threefold compared with women without GDM (aOR=3.25, 95% CI 2.09 to 5.05). Women with Cuban or Puerto Rican heritage and GDM had significantly higher odds of incident diabetes compared with women with Mexican heritage (aOR=2.15, 95% CI 1.17 to 3.95; aOR=1.95, 95% CI 1.07 to 3.55, respectively). Conclusion Self-reported GDM was significantly associated with a threefold higher risk of incident diabetes among Hispanic/Latino women in the USA even after adjusting for several significant predictors of diabetes.
Characterization of pregnancy outcome of women with an offspring with inborn errors of metabolism: A population-based study; Introduction: Inborn errors of metabolism (IEM) are scarce, and their diagnosis is often made after birth. This has led to the perception that most fetuses affected by these disorders do not become clinically apparent during pregnancy. Our aim was to determine the obstetrical characteristics of women with an offspring affected by IEM. Methods: This population-based retrospective cohort study included all women who delivered at the Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC) from 1988 to 2017 who met the inclusion criteria. Mothers who had an offspring with IEM were included in the study group, and those who had offsprings without IEM comprised the comparison group. Results: A total of 388,813 pregnancies were included in the study, and 184 of them were complicated by a fetus with IEM. The number of Bedouin women was higher in the IEM-affected infant group than in the comparison group (90.8% vs. 53.3%, p < 0.001); women who had a fetus with IEM had a higher rate of polyhydramnios (7.1% vs. 3.2%, p = 0.005), HELLP syndrome (3.3% vs. 1.1%, p = 0.014), and preterm birth (20.7% vs. 10.1%, p < 0.001); neonates with IEM had lower mean birth weight (p < 0.001), lower Apgar scores at 1′ and 5′ minutes (p < 0.001), and a higher rate of fetal growth restriction (FGR) (p < 0.001), postpartum death <28 days (p < 0.001), and neonatal death (p < 0.001) than those in the comparison group. Pregnancies with IEM fetuses were independently associated with preterm birth (OR 2.00; CI 1.4–3), polyhydramnios (OR 2.08; CI 1.17–3.71), and FGR (OR 2.24; CI 1.2–4.19). Each family of metabolic diseases is independently associated with specific pregnancy complications (i.e., mitochondrial diseases are associated with HELLP syndrome (OR 5.6; CI 1.8–17), and lysosomal storage disease are associated with nonimmune hydrops fetalis (OR 26.4; CI 3.39–206). Conclusion: This study reports for the first time, an independent association of IEM with specific complications of pregnancy. This observation has clinical implications, as the identification of specific pregnancy complications in a population at risk for IEM can assist in the prenatal diagnosis of an affected fetus.
Comprehensive self-tracking of blood glucose and lifestyle with a mobile application in the management of gestational diabetes: a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial (eMOM GDM study); Introduction Gestational diabetes (GDM) causes various adverse short-term and long-term consequences for the mother and child, and its incidence is increasing globally. So far, the most promising digital health interventions for GDM management have involved healthcare professionals to provide guidance and feedback. The principal aim of this study is to evaluate the effects of comprehensive and real-time self-tracking with eMOM GDM mobile application (app) on glucose levels in women with GDM, and more broadly, on different other maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods and analysis This randomised controlled trial is carried out in Helsinki metropolitan area. We randomise 200 pregnant women with GDM into the intervention and the control group at gestational week (GW) 24-28 (baseline, BL). The intervention group receives standard antenatal care and the eMOM GDM app, while the control group will receive only standard care. Participants in the intervention group use the eMOM GDM app with continuous glucose metre (CGM) and activity bracelet for 1 week every month until delivery and an electronic 3-day food record every month until delivery. The follow-up visit after intervention takes place 3 months post partum for both groups. Data are collected by laboratory blood tests, clinical measurements, capillary glucose measures, wearable sensors, air displacement plethysmography and digital questionnaires. The primary outcome is fasting plasma glucose change from BL to GW 35-37. Secondary outcomes include, for example, self-tracked capillary fasting and postprandial glucose measures, change in gestational weight gain, change in nutrition quality, change in physical activity, medication use due to GDM, birth weight and fat percentage of the child. Ethics and dissemination The study has been approved by Ethics Committee of the Helsinki and Uusimaa Hospital District. The results will be presented in peer-reviewed journals and at conferences. Trial registration number NCT04714762.
HELLP syndrome manifesting as abnormal fetal umbilical artery blood flow and rapidly worsening laboratory indexes A case report; Rationale: HELLP syndrome, a rare but serious obstetric complication, is often overdiagnosed due to its nonspecific symptoms and inappropriate clinical testing. Patient concerns: A 30-year-old nulliparous pregnant Chinese woman at gestational age of 28+1 weeks was admitted to our hospital because Doppler ultrasonography at a local hospital had detected loss of fetal umbilical artery end-diastolic blood flow lasting 12 hours. On admission to our hospital, the patient showed elevated blood pressure (148/84 mm Hg), but blood pressure and laboratory indicators after admission were normal. However, the patient developed abdominal pain during hospitalization. Interventions: Dexamethasone was given after admission to our hospital to promote fetal lung maturation, magnesium sulfate was given to protect fetal brain nerves, and maternal blood pressure was closely monitored. In addition, fetal umbilical artery blood flow was dynamically monitored. After three days in hospital with normal blood pressure, the patient developed abdominal pain accompanied by diarrhea. She was positive for Murphy's sign and laboratory tests showed no obvious abnormalities. Acute cholecystitis was suspected, but symptomatic and supportive treatment did not relieve abdominal pain and her blood pressure increased progressively to 212/130 mm Hg. Magnesium sulfate was given immediately to prevent spasm, and nitroglycerin was administered intravenously against hypertension. Liver enzymes, blood coagulation, and routine urinalysis were abnormal. The patient was diagnosed with HELLP syndrome, and an emergency cesarean section was performed. Diagnosis: HELLP syndrome. Outcomes: After the cesarean section, platelet (PLT) count continuously decreased and transaminase and bilirubin levels continously increased. The newborn was transferred to the neonatal intensive care unit after birth and discharged at a corrected gestational age of 34 weeks. By postoperative day 6, laboratory indicators had returned to normal and the patient was discharged. Lessons subsections: Our case highlights that HELLP syndrome is a serious complication, and it should be diagnosed carefully and not arbitrarily on the basis of some abnormal indicators and stable clinical manifestations. Accurate early identification, active monitoring and management are essential for improving prognosis and avoiding maternal or infant mortality.
Temporal trends of arrhythmias at delivery hospitalizations in the United States: Analysis from the National Inpatient Sample, 2009–2019; Background: Cardiac arrhythmias are associated with increased maternal morbidity. There are limited data on trends of arrhythmias among women hospitalized for delivery. Materials and methods: We used the National Inpatient Sample (NIS) database to identify delivery hospitalizations for individuals aged 18–49 years between 2009 to 2019 and utilized coding data from the 9th and 10th editions of the International Classification of Diseases to identify supraventricular tachycardias (SVT), atrial fibrillation (AF), atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia (VT), and ventricular fibrillation (VF). Arrhythmia trends were analyzed by age, race-ethnicity, hospital setting, and hospital geographic regions. Multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the association of demographic, clinical, and socioeconomic characteristics with arrhythmias. Results: Among 41,576,442 delivery hospitalizations, the most common arrhythmia was SVT (53%), followed by AF (31%) and VT (13%). The prevalence of arrhythmia among delivery hospitalizations increased between 2009 and 2019. Age > 35 years and Black race were associated with a higher arrhythmia burden. Factors associated with an increased risk of arrhythmias included valvular disease (OR: 12.77; 95% C1:1.98–13.61), heart failure (OR:7.13; 95% CI: 6.49–7.83), prior myocardial infarction (OR: 5.41, 95% CI: 4.01–7.30), peripheral vascular disease (OR: 3.19, 95% CI: 2.51–4.06), hypertension (OR: 2.18; 95% CI: 2.07–2.28), and obesity (OR 1.69; 95% CI: 1.63–1.76). Delivery hospitalizations complicated by arrhythmias compared with those with no arrhythmias had a higher proportion of all-cause in-hospital mortality (0.95% vs. 0.01%), cardiogenic shock (0.48% vs. 0.00%), preeclampsia (6.96% vs. 3.58%), and preterm labor (2.95% vs. 2.41%) (all p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Pregnant individuals with age > 35 years, obesity, hypertension, valvular heart disease, or severe pulmonary disease are more likely to have an arrhythmia history or an arrhythmia during a delivery hospitalization. Delivery hospitalizations with a history of arrhythmia are more likely to be complicated by all-cause in-hospital mortality, cardiovascular, and adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs). These data highlight the increased risk associated with pregnancies among individuals with arrhythmias.
Secular increase in the prevalence of gestational diabetes and its associated adverse pregnancy outcomes from 2014 to 2021 in Hebei province, China; Objective: We aimed to investigate the secular prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and evaluate its adverse pregnancy outcomes among pregnant women in Hebei province, China. Methods: We analyzed the data from the monitoring information management system for pregnant women in 22 hospitals of Hebei province, China. In this study, 366,212 individuals with singleton live births from 2014 to 2021 were included, of whom 25,995 were diagnosed with gestational diabetes. We described the incidence of common complications and further analyzed the clinical characteristics in GDM patients and the relationship between GDM and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Results: The top 3 pregnancy complications in Hebei province are anemia, gestational hypertension, and GDM. The average incidence of GDM was 7.10% (25,995/366,212). The incidence rate of GDM significantly increased from 2014 to 2021 (χ2trend = 7,140.663, P < 0.001). The top 3 regions with GDM incidence were Baoding (16.60%), Shijiazhuang (8.00%), and Tangshan (3.80%). The incidence of GDM in urban pregnant women (10.6%) is higher than that in rural areas (3.7%).The difference between the GDM and Non-GDM groups was statistically significant in terms of maternal age, gravidity, parity, education level, and incidence of pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension, heart diseases, and anemia) (P < 0.05). GDM individuals were at significantly increased risk of most assessed adverse pregnancy outcomes, including premature delivery, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, Apgar (activity-pulse-grimace-appearance-respiration) score at 1 min, and macrosomia (P < 0.05). The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that GDM was an independent risk factor in terms of premature birth, Cesarean delivery, uterine inertia, placental abruption, NICU admission, and macrosomia. Conclusion: The risk of adverse pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with GDM is significantly increased. In order to reduce the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes, effective interventions are needed.
Roles of osteoprotegerin in endocrine and metabolic disorders through receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand/receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B signaling; Endocrine and metabolic diseases show increasing incidence and high treatment costs worldwide. Due to the complexity of their etiology and mechanism, therapeutic strategies are still lacking. Osteoprotegerin (OPG), a member of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily, appears to be a potential candidate for the treatment of these diseases. Studies based on clinical analysis and rodent animal models reveal the roles of OPG in various endocrine and metabolic processes or disorders, such as bone remodeling, vascular calcification, and β-cell proliferation, through the receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL) and the receptor activator of NF-κB (RANK). Thus, in this review, we mainly focus on relevant diseases, including osteoporosis, cardiovascular disease (CVD), diabetes, and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), to summarize the effects of the RANKL/RANK/OPG system in endocrine and metabolic tissues and diseases, thereby providing a comprehensive insight into OPG as a potential drug for endocrine and metabolic diseases.
The ex-utero intrapartum treatment (EXIT) strategy for fetal giant sacrococcygeal teratoma with cardiac insufficiency: A case report and review of the literature; Background: Antenatally diagnosed sacrococcygeal teratoma has been associated with risks of perinatal complications and death, especially when the foetus has symptoms of cardiac insufficiency, hydrops or anemia in utero; however, the method of intervention remains controversial. Case: A 25-year-old pregnant woman was found to have a cystic and solid tumor in the fetal sacrococcygeal region at 16 weeks of gestation. As the tumour grew, the mother developed polyhydramnios accompanied with gestational diabetes. Fetal and tumorous hemodynamics were closely monitored by ultrasound. Abnormal cardiac function was detected at 31 weeks’ gestation, and we creatively performed pre-emptive delivery through the ex-utero intrapartum treatment with debulking. The teratoma was removed with utero-placental circulation support. The operation proceeded smoothly with favourable prognosis for both mother and newborn. Conclusion: The ex-utero intrapartum treatment may improve the prognosis for fetuses with heart failure when they reach viable gestation.
Effects of maternal folate and vitamin B12 on gestational diabetes mellitus: a dose-response meta-analysis of observational studies; To comprehensively estimate the association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) risk with maternal red blood cell (RBC) folate, plasma/serum folate, dose and duration of folic acid supplement (FAS) intake and vitamin B12 separately. PubMed, Web of science, CNKI, and Wanfang Databases were searched through March 26, 2021. We synthesized data using random-effects model meta-analysis in Stata 12.0. Sensitivity, subgroup and dose-response analyses were also performed. The certainty of evidence was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations (GRADE). Twenty six datasets from thirteen eligible observational studies were included in the study. We found a significant increase of GDM risk with the highest versus lowest category of RBC folate (OR = 1.96, 95% CI: 1.48–2.61, I2 = 0.0%, moderate-certainty evidence) and plasma/serum folate (OR = 1.23, 1.02–1.48, I2 = 57.8%, low-certainty evidence). The dose-response analysis revealed that each 200 ng/ml increase in RBC folate was significantly associated with 8% higher GDM risk. No significant association between dose of FAS intake and GDM risk was found with very low cetainty. Meanwhile, longer duration (≥3 months) of FAS conferred 56% significant higher GDM risk (OR = 1.56, 1.02–2.39, very low certainty evidence). No significant association of GDM risk with highest plasma/serum B12 was observed compared to lowest B12 (OR = 0.77, 0.58–1.02, very low-certainty evidence). Moderate-certainty evidence suggests that higher RBC folate appears to significantly increase GDM risk. Higher plasma/serum folate may increase GDM risk but with low certainty. Further well-designed trials or prospective studies are needed.
Splenic artery aneurysm in obstetrical patients: A series of four cases with different clinical presentation and outcome; Objective: To describe four consecutive cases of splenic artery aneurysm (SAA) with different clinical patterns of presentation among obstetrical patients. Methods: A series of four cases of SAA diagnosed in pregnant or postpartum women at our University center between January 1998 and December 2020. Clinical and radiologic data were retrospectively obtained by reviewing paper and electronic medical records after acquiring patient’s consent. Results: One case was completely asymptomatic and incidentally identified at the beginning of pregnancy, thus allowing for multidisciplinary treatment. The other three cases were unknown: two manifested with maternal collapse due to aneurysm rupture in the third trimester of gestation, whereas one presented with acute abdominal pain during the postpartum period and was successfully managed before rupture occurred. Conclusion: Although extremely rare, SAA rupture in obstetrical patients can be associated with dramatic consequences. Early suspicion and prompt intervention are essential to avoid fatal outcomes, so promotion of knowledge of all the potential clinical patterns of presentation of SAA rupture among obstetrical patients is mandatory.
The Effects of Probiotics and Prebiotics on Gastrointestinal and Behavioural Symptoms in Autism Spectrum Disorder; Background: Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASDs) are a group of prevalent neuropsychi-atric disorders. They present a complex and unknown etiology, which in most cases includes significant peripheral alterations outside the brain such as in the composition of gut microbiota. Because the gut microbiota is involved in modulating the gut-brain axis, several studies have suggested that the microbiome in the gut can modify metabolites which are able to cross the blood-brain barrier and modulate brain function. Methods: We reviewed the current evidence regarding microbiota alterations in patients with ASD and the effects of the administration of probiotics and prebiotics in these patients, both in terms of gastrointestinal and behavioural symptoms. Results: Administration of a probiotic formulation containing different strains of Lactobacillus (L. acidophilus, L. rhamnosus, and others) and Bifidobacteria had beneficial effects upon these afore-mentioned symptoms and their use is recommended in a subgroup of ASD patients that present gastrointestinal disturbances. Nonetheless, the types of gastrointestinal disturbances that most benefit from such interventions remain to be elucidated in order to personalize the medical approaches. Conclusion: Recent clinical studies have shown that probiotic treatments can regulate the gut mi-crobiota and may result in improvements in some behavioral abnormalities associated with ASD. Trials using prebiotic fibers or synbiotics preparations are still lacking and necessary in order to deep in such therapeutic strategies in ASD with comorbid gastrointestinal disrturbances.
Transposition With Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy and Persistent Pulmonary Hypertension of the Newborn; The contemporaneous presentation of transposition of the great arteries and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is rare and complicates optimal surgical timing. We present a newborn with transposition and severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with a postnatal course complicated by persistent pulmonary hypertension who was supported with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation until successful arterial switch operation on the day of life 8.
Association between sleep quality, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and sleep-disordered breathing in pregnant women with and without obesity: An observational cross-sectional study; Aim: To elucidate whether pregnancy and obesity are associated with poor sleep quality, and to investigate if sleep quality is associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in pregnant women with obesity. Methods: This observational cross-sectional study examined 15 obese pregnant women (body mass index ≥30 kg/m2) (p-Ob group), 15 nonobese pregnant women (p-nOb group), and 30 nonobese nonpregnant women (n-Pr group), using home recording devices to monitor sleep-disordered breathing (SDB): respiratory disturbance index, oxygen saturation, and sleep stage and quality. These variables were compared among the groups. Moreover, obese women with and without hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were compared. Results: Significant differences in respiratory disturbance index (median: 10.3 [p-Ob], 7.1 [p-nOb], 3.5 [n-Pr]) and oxygen saturation (95.1%, 96.5%, and 96.6%) were observed among the groups. Seven participants in the p-Ob group experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy with SDB before or after sleep examination. Particularly, those who developed hypertensive disorders of pregnancy before sleep examination showed a lower delta power throughout the night than those without this condition. Conclusion: Pregnant women had poor sleep quality; those with obesity had higher frequency of SDB with worsened respiratory conditions that might cause complications. Our findings suggest that the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in some obese pregnant women might be associated with insufficient delta power. Focusing on delta power may reflect subtle changes in sleep quality that occur in pregnant women. Future longitudinal studies with larger sample sizes are required to confirm these findings and investigate causality.
Trends, Predictors, and Outcomes of Cardiovascular Complications at Delivery Associated With Gestational Diabetes: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004–2019); BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) is associated with increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. However, data on acute peripartum cardiovascular complications are not well established. Hence, we aimed to investigate the association of GD with acute cardiovascular outcomes at the time of delivery admission. METHODS AND RESULTS: We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004– 2019). International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9) or Tenth Revision (ICD-10) codes were used to identify delivery hospitalizations and GD diagnosis. A total of 63 115 002 weighted hospitalizations for deliveries were identified, of which 3.9% were among individuals with GD (n=2 435 301). The prevalence of both GD and obesity increased during the study period (P trends<0.01). Individuals with GD versus those without GD had a higher prevalence of obesity, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. After adjustment for age, race or ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, GD remained independently associated with cardiovascular complications including preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.97 [95% CI, 1.96–1.98]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR, 1.15 [1.08–1.22]), acute kidney injury (aOR, 1.16 [1.11–1.21]), stroke (aOR, 1.15 [1.09–1.23]), and arrhythmias (aOR, 1.48 [1.46–1.50]), compared with no GD. Moreover, delivery hospitalizations among individuals with GD were associated with increased length (3 versus 2 days, P<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($4909 versus $3682, P<0.01). Even in the absence of preeclampsia, GD was associated with elevated cardiovascular risk. CONCLUSIONS: Individuals with GD had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, acute kidney injury, stroke, and arrhythmias during delivery hospitalizations. As rates of GD are increasing globally, efforts to improve preconception cardiometabolic health and prevent GD may represent important strategies to improve peripartum maternal outcomes and mitigate long-term cardiovascular risk.
Surgical Repair of Complete Common Atrioventricular Canal in a Conjoined Twin Following Separation; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is common in conjoined twins but reports of surgical repair in this population are rare. We present the case of a conjoined twin diagnosed prenatally with a complete common atrioventricular canal defect (CAVC). Due to wound complications from twin separation, definitive repair was deferred and pulmonary arterial banding was performed initially. At 6 months, a complete CAVC repair was performed. The present case adds to the literature on successful cardiac surgical repairs in conjoined twins.
The Use of Machine Learning in MicroRNA Diagnostics: Current Perspectives; MicroRNAs constitute small non-coding RNAs that play a pivotal role in regulating the translation and degradation of mRNA and have been associated with many diseases. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is an evolving cluster of interrelated fields, with machine learning (ML) standing out as one of the most prominent AI fields, with a plethora of applications in almost every aspect of human life. ML could be defined as computer algorithms that learn from past data to predict future data. This review comprehensively reviews the current applications of microRNA-based ML models in healthcare. The majority of the identified studies investigated the role of microRNA-based ML models in the management of cancer and specifically gastric cancer (maximum diagnostic accuracy (Accmax): 94%), pancreatic cancer (Accmax: 93%), colorectal cancer (Accmax: 100%), breast cancer (Accmax: 97%), ovarian cancer, neck squamous cell carcinoma, liver cancer, lung cancer (Accmax: 100%), and melanoma. Except for cancer, microRNA-based ML models have been applied for a plethora of other diseases, including ulcerative colitis (Accmax: 92.8%), endometriosis, gestational diabetes mellitus (Accmax: 86%), hearing loss, ischemic stroke, coronary heart disease (Accmax: 96%), tuberculosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension (Accmax: 83%), dementia (Accmax: 82.9%), major cardiovascular events in end-stage renal disease patients, and alcohol dependence (Accmax: 79.1%). Our findings suggest that the development of microRNA-based ML models could be used to enhance the diagnostic accuracy of a plethora of diseases while at the same time substituting or minimizing the use of more invasive diagnostic means (such as endoscopy). Even not as fast as anticipated, AI will eventually infiltrate the entire healthcare industry. AI is the key to a clinical practice where medicine's inherent complexity is embraced. Therefore, AI will become a reality that physicians should conform with to avoid becoming obsolete.
Long-term sequelae of adverse pregnancy outcomes; A growing body of literature highlights the importance of recognizing adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as cardiovascular risk factors when risk stratifying women for cardiovascular disease (CVD). We conducted a comprehensive review of the long term cardiovascular consequences associated with APOs including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm delivery, gestational diabetes (GDM), low birth weight and fetal growth restriction during pregnancy using electronic databases, PubMed and the Cochrane Library. Women with pregnancies complicated by HDP, preterm birth, and low birth weight are at higher risk of developing CVD than were women without APOs in the years following pregnancy. Among women with a history of multiple APOs, HDP and GDM are independent risk factors for atherosclerotic CVD. The pathophysiology leading to CVD is multifactorial, and includes both physiologic and environmental factors. APOs should be accounted for in a women's CVD risk assessment and stratification as recommended by prevention guidelines. Further research is needed to determine the underlying mechanisms that lead to the increased risk of CVD in women with APOs.
Reference intervals for clinical biochemistry and haematology tests during normal pregnancy; Background: Pregnancy induces physiological changes which affect biochemical and haematological parameters. As the significance of laboratory test results change throughout pregnancy, the reference interval (RI) or key result interpretive guide should be specific to pregnancy. This study sought to establish trimester-specific-RIs for routine biochemical and haematological tests in healthy white European women with singleton pregnancies with comparison to RIs for non-pregnant European adults. Methods: A retrospective analysis of a prospective longitudinal single-centre study of healthy pregnant women conducted between November 2018 and December 2020 in a tertiary academic hospital with approximately 3000 births annually. Inclusion criteria: signed informed consent, age ≥18 years, white European, body mass index (BMI) <25 kg/m2, blood pressure <140/90mmHg, non-smoker, no previous pathology or gestational diabetes. Trimester defined as T1: up to 13 weeks + 6 days, T2: 14–27 weeks + 6 days and T3: ≥28–41 weeks + 6 days. Baseline demographics, anthropometric and laboratory measurements were recorded. In total, 31 biochemical and 10 haematological ISO15189:2012 accredited tests were measured using Roche Cobas® and Sysmex XN-9100™ analysers, respectively. RIs were established according to the International Federation of Clinical Chemistry (IFCC) recommended method. Results: Apparently healthy pregnant women (n = 124) with bio-banked serum samples in each trimester were recruited. At the booking visit, 49.2% (n = 61) of participants were nulliparous, with median age of 34.4 (IQR: 31.3–37.3) years, gestational age of 89 (IQR: 84–93) days, BMI of 22.5 (IQR: 21.0–23.7) kg/m2 and systolic and diastolic blood pressure of 116 (110–125) mmHg and 67 (61–75) mmHg, respectively. Conclusions: Normative trimester-specific biological intervals for routinely requested biochemical and haematological medical laboratory tests were established. These RIs will be invaluable to result interpretation and the management of pregnant women.
Metabolomic Response throughout 16 Weeks of Combined Aerobic and Resistance Exercise Training in Older Women with Metabolic Syndrome; Increases in longevity and obesity have led to a higher prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) and several chronic conditions, such as hypertension. The prevalence of MetS and hypertension increases with advancing age and their detrimental effects on health can be attenuated by physical activity. Combined aerobic and resistance exercise training (CT) is recommended to maintain good health in older adults and is known to generate important metabolic adaptations. In this study we performed a metabolomics analysis, based on Hydrogen Nuclear Magnetic Resonance (1H NMR), to investigate the kinetics of changes in metabolism in non-physically active older women with MetS in response to 16 weeks of CT. A subset of women with MetS were selected from a larger randomized trial (that included men and women without MetS), with 12 participants on CT and 13 from the Control Group (CG). CT comprised walking/running at 63% of VO2max, three times/week, and resistance training (RT), consisting of 15 repetitions of seven exercises at moderate intensity, twice/week. Serum metabolomic profile was analysed at baseline (0W), 4 (4W), 8 (8W), 12 (12W) and 16 weeks (16W) for CT or CG. Cardiorespiratory fitness, RT load, blood pressure, body composition, lipid and glycaemic profile were also assessed. After 16 weeks CT increased cardiorespiratory fitness (13.1%, p < 0.05) and RT load (from 48% in the lat pulldown to 160% in the leg press, p < 0.05), but there were no changes in MetS parameters, such as body composition (Body Mass, Body Mass Index (BMI), body fat percentage and waist circumference), blood pressure, lipid and glycaemic profile. However, we identified potential higher substrate to the tricarboxylic acid cycle (increase in 2-Oxobutyrate from 0W (0.0029 ± 0.0009) to 4W (0.0038 ± 0.0011) and 8W (0.0041 ± 0.0015), p < 0.05), followed by alterations (different from 0W, p < 0.05) in the production of ketone bodies (3-Hydroxybutyrate, 0W (0.0717 ± 0.0377) to 16W (0.0397 ± 0.0331), and Acetoacetate, 0W (0.0441 ± 0.0240) to 16W (0.0239 ± 0.0141)), which together might explain the known improvement in fatty acid oxidation with exercise. There was also a late increase in ornithine at 16W of CT. Further studies are needed to investigate the association between these metabolic pathways and clinical outcomes in this population.
Association of fetal heart rate short term variability pattern during term labor with neonatal morbidity and small for gestational age status; Objective: To assess the association of fetal heart rate short-term variability (STV) pattern during term labor with both neonatal composite morbidity (cord blood pH ≤ 7.10 and/or neonatal intensive care unit admission and/or Apgar score at 5 min <7) and small for gestational age (SGA) status. Study design: Retrospective cohort in a single academic institution between January 2016 and December 2018. A total of 1896 women that delivered a singleton during labor in cephalic presentation after 37 weeks of gestation were included (948 women with SGA neonates and 948 women with appropriate weight for gestational age (AGA) neonates that were matched to women with SGA neonates based on maternal age, parity, induction of labor, gestational diabetes, gestational age at delivery and a history of one cesarean section using propensity score matching). STV was compared at labor onset (cervical dilation ≤ 4 cm), in the first stage of labor (cervical dilation = 6 cm) and in the second stage of labor (cervical dilation = 10 cm). A generalized linear mixed model was used to assess the association between SGA status, neonatal composite morbidity and STV. Results: After adjustment for maternal origin, term, gestational diabetes, labor length, SGA status was not associated with any change in STV during labor (mean adjusted STV: −0.20 ms, 95 %CI[-0.58–0.17], p = 0.284 at labor onset, 0.29 ms, 95 %CI[-0.1– 0.68], p = 0.155, in the first stage of labor and 0.36 ms, 95 %CI[-0.02–0.74], p = 0.065 in the second stage of labor). In case of neonatal composite morbidity mean adjusted STV was lower in the first stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: −1.29 ms, 95 %CI[-2.1 – −0.43], p = 0.003) and in the second stage of labor (mean adjusted STV: −1.15 ms, 95 %CI[-1.96 – −0.34], p = 0.005). The results were similar with the addition of delivery mode and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in the model or non-reassuring fetal heart rate and meconium-stained amniotic fluid. Conclusions: This work suggests that STV decrease during term labor is associated with fetal well-being, independently of fetal weight. This suggests that further prospective studies should consider the evaluation of this parameter in the prediction of neonatal compromise.
Targeted biomarkers of progression in chronic kidney disease; Background: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is an increasingly significant health issue worldwide. Early stages of CKD can be asymptomatic and disease trajectory difficult to predict. Not every-one with CKD progresses to kidney failure, where kidney replacement therapy is the only life-sustaining therapy. Predicting which patients will progress to kidney failure would allow better use of targeted treatments and more effective allocation of health resources. Current diagnostic tests to identify patients with progressive disease perform poorly but there is a suite of new and emerging predictive biomarkers with great clinical promise. Methods: This narrative review describes new and emerging biomarkers of pathophysiologic processes of CKD development and progression, accessible in blood or urine liquid biopsies. Biomarkers were selected based on their reported pathobiological functions in kidney injury, inflammation, oxidative stress, repair and fibrosis. Biomarker function and evidence of involvement in CKD development and progression are reported. Conclusion: Many biomarkers reviewed here have received little attention to date, perhaps because of conflicting conclusions of their utility in CKD. The functional roles of the selected biomarkers in the underlying pathobiology of progression of CKD are a powerful rationale for advancing and validating these molecules as prognosticators and predictors of CKD trajectory.
Molecular hydrogen has a positive impact on pregnancy maintenance through enhancement of mitochondrial function and immunomodulatory effects on T cells; Aims: Molecular hydrogen (H2) has attracted growing interest because of its implications in various diseases. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the remarkable effect of a small amount of H2 remain elusive. No knowledge has been available on the role of H2 in the etiology of pregnancy disorders or its direct influence on human immune cells. Since maternal immunity, T cells in particular, plays a critical role in pregnancy maintenance. We investigated the effects of H2 on T cells and its relation to preterm birth (PTB). Main methods: Exhaled H2 concentrations in pregnant women were measured and correlated with cytokine concentrations in maternal and umbilical cord blood. H2 was added to T cells collected from healthy donors, and differentiation and proliferation were examined. Energy metabolism was also examined. H2 was administered to mice and cytokine expression was compared. Key findings: Our prospective observational study revealed that maternal production of H2 is significantly lower in pregnant women with PTB, suggesting its potential as a biomarker for predicting PTB. We found that H2 has clear associations with several maternal cytokines, and acts as an immunomodulator by exerting mitochondrial function in human T cells. Moreover, in vivo administration of H2 to pregnant mice regulated inflammatory responses and reduced PTB caused by T cell activation, which further supports the notion that H2 may contribute to prolonged gestation through its immunomodulatory effect. Significance: Measuring maternal H2-production could be a potential clinical tool in the management of PTB, and H2 may have positive impact on pregnancy maintenance.
Potential Benefits of Selenium Supplementation in Reducing Insulin Resistance in Patients with Cardiometabolic Diseases: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Selenium is a trace element that has been reported to be effective in regulating glucose and lipid metabolism. However, there is conflicting evidence from different clinical trials of selenium supplementation in treating cardiometabolic diseases (CMDs). Objective: This meta-analysis aimed to identify the effects of selenium supplementation on insulin resistance, glucose homeostasis, and lipid profiles in patients with CMDs. Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of selenium supplementation for treating CMDs were screened in five electronic databases. Insulin levels, homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), and glycosylated hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) were defined as the primary outcome markers, and lipid profiles were considered the secondary outcome markers. Results: Ten studies involving 526 participants were included in the meta-analysis. The results suggested that selenium supplementation significantly reduced serum insulin levels (standardized men difference [SMD]: −0.53; 95% confidence interval [CI] [−0.84, −0.21], p = 0.001, I2 = 68%) and HOMA-IR (SMD: −0.50, 95% CI [−0.86, −0.14], p = 0.006, I2 = 75%) and increased high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels (SMD: 0.97; 95% CI [0.26, 1.68], p = 0.007, I2 = 92%), but had no significant effect on FPG, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), and very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDL-C). Conclusion: Current evidence supports the beneficial effects of selenium supplementation on reducing insulin levels, HOMA-IR, and increasing HDL-C levels. Selenium supplementation may be an effective strategy for reducing insulin resistance in patients with CMDs. However, more high-quality clinical studies are needed to improve the certainty of our estimates.
A rare case of pycnodysostosis during pregnancy; We describe a case in which a 41-year-old pregnant female with pycnodysostosis presented for elective cesarean section at week 37 + 5 of pregnancy. This is the first reported case of pycnodysostosis during pregnancy in Oman, to the author's best knowledge.
Beneficial Effects of Maternal Physical Activity during Pregnancy on Fetal, Newborn, and Child Health: Guidelines for Interventions during the Perinatal Period from the French National College of Midwives; The objective of this work is to synthesize current knowledge about the effects of maternal physical activity during pregnancy on children's health. During the prenatal and postnatal periods, maternal physical activity has protective effects against the risks of macrosomia, obesity, and other associated cardiometabolic disorders. Even though longitudinal studies in humans are still necessary to validate them, these effects have been consistently observed in animal studies. A remarkable effect of maternal physical activity is its positive role on neurogenesis, language development, memory, and other cognitive functions related to learning.
Remote multimodality monitoring of maternal physiology from the first trimester to postpartum period: study results; Objectives: Current antenatal care largely relies on widely spaced appointments, hence only a fraction of the pregnancy period is subject to monitoring. Continuous monitoring of physiological parameters could represent a paradigm shift in obstetric care. Here, we analyse the data from daily home monitoring in pregnancy and consider the implications of this approach for tracking pregnancy health. Methods: Prospective feasibility study of continuous home monitoring of blood pressure, weight, heart rate, sleep and activity patterns from the first trimester to 6 weeks postpartum. Results: Fourteen out of 24 women completed the study (58%). Compared to early pregnancy [week 13, median heart rate (HR) 72/min, interquartile range (IQR) 12.8], heart rate increased by week 35 (HR 78/min, IQR 16.6; P ¼ 0.041) and fell postpartum (HR 66/min, IQR 11.5, P ¼ 0.021). Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure were lower at mid-gestation (week 20: SBP 103 mmHg, IQR 6.6; DPB 63 mmHg, IQR 5.3 P ¼ 0.005 and P ¼ 0.045, respectively) compared to early pregnancy (week 13, SBP 107 mmHg, IQR 12.4; DPB 67 mmHg, IQR 7.1). Weight increased during pregnancy between each time period analyzed, starting from week 15. Smartwatch recordings indicated that activity increased in the prepartum period, while deep sleep declined as pregnancy progressed. Conclusion: Home monitoring tracks individual physiological responses to pregnancy in high resolution that routine clinic visits cannot. Changes in the study protocol suggested by the study participants may improve compliance for future studies, which was particularly low in the postpartum period. Future work will investigate whether distinct adaptative patterns predate obstetric complications, or can predict long-term maternal cardiovascular health.
Congenital bilateral cataracts in newborns exposed to elexacaftor-tezacaftor-ivacaftor in utero and while breast feeding; Elexacaftor-tezacaftor-ivacaftor (ETI) is known to pass through the placenta and into breast milk in mothers who continue on this therapy while pregnant and breast feeding. Toxicity studies of ivacaftor in rats demonstrated infant cataracts, but cataracts were not reported in human infants exposed to ivacaftor. We describe 3 cases of infants exposed to elexacaftor-tezacaftor-ivacaftor (ETI) in utero and while breast feeding who were found to have bilateral congenital cataracts within six months of birth. None of the infants had significant visual impairment from the cataracts nor any report of elevated liver function testing. These data highlight the need to counsel females who continue ETI throughout pregnancy and while breast feeding to consider cataract screen for their infants.
Trends in and Outcomes of Deliveries Complicated by Cystic Fibrosis; OBJECTIVE:To characterize current trends and outcomes in pregnancies complicated by cystic fibrosis (CF) that resulted in delivery.METHODS:This repeated cross-sectional study used the U.S. National Inpatient Sample to identify delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF between 2000 and 2019. Trends in delivery hospitalizations of patients with CF were assessed using joinpoint regression to determine the average annual percent change (AAPC). The risk of adverse maternal and obstetric outcomes was compared between patients with and without CF using adjusted logistic regression models accounting for demographic, clinical, and hospital characteristics, with adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% CIs as measures of association. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions such as pregestational diabetes was analyzed over time.RESULTS:From 2000 to 2019, the prevalence of CF at delivery increased from 2.1 to 10.4 per 100,000 deliveries (AAPC 6.7%, 95% CI 5.7-8.2%). The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions increased from 18.0% to 37.3% (AAPC 3.1%, 95% CI 1.0-5.3%). Patients with CF were more likely to experience severe maternal morbidity (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 1.71-3.97), respiratory complications (aOR 17.45, 95% CI 11.85-25.68), venous thromboembolism (aOR 3.59, 95% CI 1.33-9.69), preterm delivery (aOR 2.15, 95% CI 1.79-2.59), abruption and antepartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.10-2.41), and gestational diabetes (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 2.47-3.70).CONCLUSION:Although still infrequent (approximately 1 in 10,000), deliveries complicated by CF increased approximately fivefold over the study period. The proportion of patients with CF and other chronic conditions is increasing. Patients with CF are at increased risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes.
Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia complicates 2%to 4%of all pregnancies globally and is a leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. As many as 46,000 maternal and 500,000 fetal deaths occur due to this condition, most in low- and middle-income countries. Although most cases of preeclampsia occur at term, are mild, and resolve after delivery, 5% to 20% of women with the condition experience life-threatening or fatal complications. Generalized edema caused by systemic endothelial damage, increased peripheral vascular resistance, pulmonary edema and acute respiratory distress syndrome, hemorrhagic stroke due to severe hypertension, and ischemic encephalopathy in the posterior hemispheres are all potential effects of severe preeclampsia. In addition, fetal growth restriction and macrosomia, liver damage, relative hemoconcentration, and placental abruption can also occur. This article reviews our current understanding of preeclampsia. The primary focus includes prediction, prevention, diagnosis, and management of preeclampsia, both in pregnancy and long-term. Two main approaches are commonly used to identify women at the highest risk for preeclampsia: the more traditional method includes consideration of clinical risk factors, whereas the other option involves multivariable modeling of clinical, ultrasonographic, and laboratory assessment of uteroplacental function and perfusion.Most clinical practice guidelines advocate for traditional preeclampsia risk screening, but although simple, this approach yields a low detection rate (40% for preterm preeclampsia, 35% for term preeclampsia), and a positive screening rate of 10%. In contrast, the competing-risks model of the Fetal Medicine Foundation provides high detection rates when used at 11 to 13 weeks' gestation for preterm preeclampsia (90%) and at 35 to 36 weeks' gestation for term preeclampsia (75% and 80%, respectively), with a positive screening rate of approximately 10%. The competing-risks model of FetalMedicine Foundation is supported by the largest body of evidence, and comprises components commonly included in other models of assessment, such as body-mass index, blood pressure, maternal ethnic or racial background, angiogenic markers, and ultrasonographic assessment of the uterine-artery pulsatility index. The prevention of preeclampsia is a health care priority, as the only cure for this condition once it has developed is delivery of the placenta. There are, however, evidence-supported preventative strategies that include the use of aspirin, exercise, calcium, and labor induction. Exercise has been shown to reduce the risk of preeclampsia in a review of 15 randomized, controlled trials. To achieve this benefit, a weekly regimen of 140 minutes of moderate-intensity exercise is necessary. The benefits of aspirin were reported in a meta-analysis of 60 trials involving 36,716 women with increased risk of preeclampsia. Aspirin doses of 50 to 162 mg per day reduced preeclampsia risk in a dose-dependent manner, along with lowering rates of preterm birth, serious maternal complications, delivery of small-for-gestational age infants, and fetal or newborn deaths. Calcium supplementation during pregnancy was also shown to be an effective method of prevention for preeclampsia, regardless of whether dosage was begun before or after 20 weeks' gestation. The data were reported in a meta-analysis of 30 trials involving a total of 20,445 women. The ultimate purpose of diagnosing preeclampsia is to identify those women at greatest risk for adverse outcomes to optimize their management. Women with early-onset preeclampsia (<34 weeks' gestation) are more likely than those with late-term diagnoses (≥34 weeks' gestation) to develop end-organ involvement, fetal growth restriction, and a hemodynamic profile of high peripheral vascular resistance and low cardiac output. Therefore, although management of all preeclampsia cases is vital, it is of particular necessity to identify early-onset cases. Management can include several factors: first, a predetermined place of care (ideally within 30 minutes of home); second, consistent monitoring of both the fetus' and the mother's symptoms, especially through assessment of fetal growth and Doppler ultrasonography; third, timing the birth is critical, as is recognition that end-organ complications can continue to worsen for up to 3 days after delivery. Thus, consideration of early birth at all stages of pregnancy with fetal viability is imperative to reduce maternal complications without increasing neonatal complications. Fourth, treatment of hypertension is warranted, as prolonged hypertension in pregnant women can lead to similar adverse fetal outcomes as those created by preeclampsia. Guideline-recommended treatments included oral nifedipine, parenteral labetalol, or parenteral hydralazine. The World Health Organization also recommends the treatment of less severe hypertension in pregnancy. Finally, magnesium sulfate is effective in the treatment of preeclampsia, but implementation of this treatment has proven difficult. Ongoing studies are ongoing, including of lower dosage treatments or abbreviated duration. The use of glucocorticoids has not been shown to improve clinical outcomes. Treatment of preeclampsia in the postpartum period is also of paramount importance, as preeclampsia during this time period results in the highest rates of maternal complications and death. Preeclampsia diagnosis during the postpartum period is also associated with higher rates of mental health problems. Preeclampsia diagnosis during any pregnancy increases the risk for subsequent preeclampsia in future pregnancies, as demonstrated by a meta-analysis of data from individual participants in 22 studies, involving a total of 99,415 women. The recurrence rate is as high as 50% for those with early-onset preeclampsia. In addition, preeclampsia diagnoses are linked to long-term cardiovascular risks. Although the link between these 2 conditions is not fully understood (eg, caused solely by preeclampsia or other factors that also contributed to the preeclampsia diagnosis itself ), it is certain that this link exists. As a cautionary measure, the American Heart Association recommends women affected by hypertension during pregnancy (including preeclampsia) undergo cardiovascular risk screening within 3 months postdelivery. Further research regarding preeclampsia and treatment therapies for this disease are necessary to further improve the ability of health care providers to reduce maternal and fetal risks associated with preeclampsia diagnosis.
Prediction of complication rate in Infants of diabetic mothers using cord blood haematocrit; Diabetes in pregnancy, both gestational and pre-existing can affect both the maternal and foetal metabolism. The neonate of a diabetic mother may have greater risks for derangements of growth, metabolic abnormalities, congenital malformations and foetal wastage during pregnancy and at birth. It is mandatory to keep stringent glycaemic control in pregnant women with diabetes with diet, oral hypoglycaemic agents or insulin to avoid occurrence of adverse perinatal outcomes to the mother and foetus. Cord blood haematocrit (HCT), being an indicator of the magnitude of erythropoiesis, has become increasingly important in assessing foetal hypoxia due to foetal hyperglycaemia, hyperinsulinism and hyperketonaemia. By increasing blood viscosity, polycythaemia can impair microcirculatory flow in end organs and can present with neurologic, cardiopulmonary, gastrointestinal, and metabolic symptoms. Moreover, GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life. This study was conducted to predict and assess the complications in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM), using a simple tool like HCT. One hundred and thirty neonates were studied. Babies were followed up from birth with cord blood HCT, birth weight, hypoglycaemia, hypocalcaemia, neonatal hyperbilirubinemia, screening echo and other morbidities. 79% of IDM’s had birth weight of <4000 grams. 85% of the mother had gestational diabetes and the rest had overt diabetes. Among 130 babies, 46.2% were delivered by caesarean and 2.3% by assisted mode showing a towering likelihood of caesarean section in diabetic mothers. The normal range Cord blood HCT is 50-55% In our study, 48(37.7%) neonates had HCT between 45%-50%, 35(26.9%) showed values between 50%-55%,20(15.4%) had values of 55%-60% and 13(10%) had cord blood HCT >60%. The occurrence of complications was higher in the high cord blood haematocrit group than in the normal group. The commonest problems encountered in IDM babies were hyperbilirubinemia and hypocalcaemia (Table 29) [Formula presented] The study is to reinforce the need to improve the knowledge on reproductive health of women with diabetes during gestation and to understand the underlying mechanisms of adverse foetal and maternal outcomes, which in turn may lead to strategies for its prevention. Awareness, proper observation, early detection and felicitous management of complications as per guidelines would reduce the mortality and morbidity among babies born to diabetic mothers, using a simple tool like cord blood hematocrit. [Formula presented]
Impact of preeclampsia/eclampsia on hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke risk: A 17 years follow-up nationwide cohort study; Background and purposes The long-term risk of stroke in women with preeclampsia/eclampsia is a concerning issue. In this study we further investigated different stroke subtypes and differentiated follow-up time intervals. Methods Between 2000 and 2017, 1,384,427 pregnant women were registered in the National Health Insurance Research Database in Taiwan. After excluding women with previous stroke history and exact matching with all confounders, 6,053 women with preeclampsia/eclampsia and 24,212 controls were included in the analysis sample. Results Over the 17-year follow-up, the adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) for stroke in women with preeclampsia/eclampsia was 2.05 (95% confidence interval, CI = 1.67–2.52, p<0.001). The 17 years overall aHR of both ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke were 1.98 and 3.45, respectively (p<0.001). The stroke subtypes, hemorrhagic and ischemic, had different time trend risks, and hemorrhagic stroke risks kept higher than that of ischemic stroke. The aHR of ischemic stroke reached a peak during 1–3 years after childbirth (aHR = 3.09). The aHR of hemorrhagic stroke reached a peak during 3–5 years (aHR = 7.49). Conclusions Stroke risk persisted even after decades, for both ischemic and hemorrhagic subtypes. Women with preeclampsia/eclampsia history should be aware of the long-term risk of stroke.
Childhood exposures to environmental chemicals and neurodevelopmental outcomes in congenital heart disease; Background Children with congenital heart defects have an increased risk of neurodevelopmental disability. The impact of environmental chemical exposures during daily life on neurodevelopmental outcomes in toddlers with congenital heart defects is unknown. Methods This prospective study investigated the impacts of early childhood exposure to mixtures of environmental chemicals on neurodevelopmental outcomes after cardiac surgery. Outcomes were assessed at 18 months of age using The Bayley Scales of Infant and Toddler Development-III. Urinary concentrations of exposure biomarkers of pesticides, phenols, parabens, and phthalates, and blood levels of lead, mercury, and nicotine were measured at the same time point. Bayesian profile regression and weighted quantile sum regression were utilized to assess associations between mixtures of biomarkers and neurodevelopmental scores. Results One-hundred and forty infants were enrolled, and 110 (79%) returned at 18 months of age. Six biomarker exposure clusters were identified from the Bayesian profile regression analysis; and the pattern was driven by 15 of the 30 biomarkers, most notably 13 phthalate biomarkers. Children in the highest exposure cluster had significantly lower adjusted language scores by -9.41 points (95%CI: -17.2, -1.7) and adjusted motor scores by -4.9 points (-9.5, -0.4) compared to the lowest exposure. Weighted quantile sum regression modeling for the overall exposure-response relationship showed a significantly lower adjusted motor score (β = -2.8 points [2.5th and 97.5th percentile: -6.0, -0.6]). The weighted quantile sum regression index weights for several phthalates, one paraben, and one phenol suggest their relevance for poorer neurodevelopmental outcomes. Conclusions Like other children, infants with congenital heart defects are exposed to complex mixtures of environmental chemicals in daily life. Higher exposure biomarker concentrations were associated with significantly worse performance for language and motor skills in this population.
A novel method to derive personalized minimum viable recommendations for type 2 diabetes prevention based on counterfactual explanations; Despite the growing availability of artificial intelligence models for predicting type 2 diabetes, there is still a lack of personalized approaches to quantify minimum viable changes in biomarkers that may help reduce the individual risk of developing disease. The aim of this article is to develop a new method, based on counterfactual explanations, to generate personalized recommendations to reduce the one-year risk of type 2 diabetes. Ten routinely collected biomarkers extracted from Electronic Medical Records of 2791 patients at low risk and 2791 patients at high risk of type 2 diabetes were analyzed. Two regions characterizing the two classes of patients were estimated using a Support Vector Data Description classifier. Counterfactual explanations (i.e., minimal changes in input features able to change the risk class) were generated for patients at high risk and evaluated using performance metrics (availability, validity, actionability, similarity, and discriminative power) and a qualitative survey administered to seven expert clinicians. Results showed that, on average, the requested minimum viable changes implied a significant reduction of fasting blood sugar, systolic blood pressure, and triglycerides and a significant increase of high-density lipoprotein in patients at risk of diabetes. A significant reduction in body mass index was also recommended in most of the patients at risk, except in females without hypertension. In general, greater changes were recommended in hypertensive patients compared to non-hypertensive ones. The experts were overall satisfied with the proposed approach although in some cases the proposed recommendations were deemed insufficient to reduce the risk in a clinically meaningful way. Future research will focus on a larger set of biomarkers and different comorbidities, also incorporating clinical guidelines whenever possible. Development of additional mathematical and clinical validation approaches will also be of paramount importance.
Plasma Ceramide Concentrations in Full-Term Pregnancies Complicated with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case-Control Study; Ceramides, a sphingolipid group that acts as a messenger in cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and senescence, have been associated with cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The evidence for an association between ceramides and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is scarce. This case-control study aimed to compare women with GDM with healthy, pregnant women in terms of plasma ceramide concentrations at the time of delivery. Ninety-two pregnant women were included in this case-control study, 29 in the GDM group and 63 in the control group. All women were admitted to a tertiary academic hospital for a full-term delivery. Liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) was applied for the quantification of four molecular ceramides, namely Cer d18:1/16:0 (Cer16:0), Cer d18:1/18:0 (Cer18:0), Cer d18:1/24:0 (Cer24:0) and Cer d18:1/24:1 (Cer24:1) in plasma samples. The raw chromatographic data obtained from the LC-MS/MS analysis were processed using Analyst SCIEX (AB Sciex Pte. Ltd., USA). In a univariate statistical analysis, Cer24:0 concentration was significantly lower in the GDM group compared with the control group (p = 0.01). The present study demonstrated lower Cer24:0 concentrations in pregnancies complicated by GDM. Further prospective studies are required to enhance the results of this study.
Fetomaternal Outcome Under Subarachnoid Block for Elective Caesarean Section; Background: Thecaesarean section (C/Section) births are escalating continuously. Foetal and Maternal outcome parameters might fluctuate under subarachnoid block. So, this investigation was delineated referring to fetomaternal outcome as Subarachnoid block was routinely employed for operative delivery in our institution. Objective: This study was conducted to determine fetomaternal outcome of neonatal and Maternal wellbeing in parturient undergoing elective caesarean section employing Subarachnoid block. Methodology: A Descriptive, cross sectional study employing Non-Probability Convenient Sampling was organized in Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, at a Tertiary Care Hospital at Lahore-Pakistan.240 parturients of 15 to 40 years of age were scrutinised for study. The study was of six months starting from August 2021 till January 2022. Results: The Neonatal outcome was recorded as 1minute Apgar score of ≥7 was 233(97.1%) and <7 was 7(2.9), APGAR score at 5minutes of ≥8 was 237(98.7) and <8 was 3(1.3), Need for Neonatal ICU admissions was 5(2.09), Neonatal hypoglycaemia was 13(5.4). Maternal outcome was taken as Post operative nausea vomiting/PONV 8(3.3), Headache 25(10.4), Back pain 16(6.7), adult ICU admission 7(2.9), Length of Post op stay of ≤4 days 178(74.2) and >4 62(25.8). Conclusion: APGAR Score at 1 minute & 5 minutes was significantly high in parturients receiving Subarachnoid block for elective caesarean section.
Perinatal Outcomes of COVID-19 in Pregnancy in a Tertiary Care Center in South India; Aim: In light of the severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 (SARS-CoV-2) pandemic, it was proposed that a variety of complications have occurred in women during pregnancy, which has further extended to the fetus, causing higher rates of morbidity and mortality. The objective of this study was to identify the complications that arose due to the coronavirus and asses how it impacted the pregnancy, the fetus, and the neonate. Materials and methods: Our study was a descriptive and observational study, which investigated the various aspects, obstetric, fetal and neonatal outcomes, and the complications arising in mothers affected with by SARS-CoV-2 virus. All women who tested positive after 20 weeks of gestation were included in the study and their pregnancy was followed up till delivery, and neonatal outcomes were noted. Results: About 220 women infected with SARS-CoV-2 were studied and outcomes were illustrated. The mean age of the study population was 26.87 years [±4.96 Standard Deviation (SD)]. About 90% of the study population had a mild illness. The main obstetric outcomes noted were preterm labor, preeclampsia, eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and intrauterine fetal demise (IUD). Only 4.1% required a cesarean section for worsening conditions. Neonatal intensive care unit (ICU) admissions were also noted to be higher, with a possibility of vertical transmission in six babies. Conclusion: Severe acute respiratory syndrome by a coronavirus-2 can have serious implications and can pose a great risk in pregnancy if not caught and treated early. Therefore, it is vital to screen those at high risk for the virus to prevent severe complications from taking a toll on the mother and fetus. Clinical significance: By identifying the main complications occurring in pregnancy, we can prevent the same by anticipating and monitoring carefully, thereby reducing mortality and morbidity rates.
Comparison of Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes Among High-Risk Filipino Women With Gestational Diabetes Diagnosed Before and After 24 Weeks of Gestation; Objectives. This study determined the prevalence, clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcomes of high-risk women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) before and after 24 weeks of gestation. Methodology. This retrospective study included all singleton deliveries with GDM at the Pasig City General Hospital from January 2018 to December 2019. Subjects were grouped into those who were diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks of gestation (<24 weeks, n=61) and thereafter (≥24 weeks, n=219). Outcomes examined were preeclampsia, cesarean delivery, preterm birth, macrosomia, large-for-gestational age, small-for-gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, neonatal ICU admission, congenital malformations and perinatal mortality. Results. The group diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks was significantly older (33.0 ± 5.7 years versus 29.4 ± 5.9 years, p<0.001), had higher 2-hour 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results (158.2 ± 20.0 mg/dL versus 150.0 ± 23.7 mg/dL, p=0.014), and had more pregnancies with preeclampsia (23.0% versus 9.6%, p=0.005). Conclusion. High-risk women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks of gestation had a higher incidence of preeclampsia compared with high-risk women diagnosed with GDM after 24 weeks of gestation.
Association of the Cerebro-Placental Ratio With Adverse Outcomes in Pregnancies Affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVES: Cerebro-placental ratio (CPR) is a doppler tool contributes to clinical decision-making in pregnancies affected by small for gestational age weight (SGA). Pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) tend to have higher newborn weight, but greater risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. We hypothesized that in GDM-complicated-pregnancies CPR will be associated with adverse perinatal outcomes even in the absence of SGA. METHODS: This prospective single-center cohort study included non-anomalous singleton pregnancies in women with GDM. Those with pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorder or suspected SGA were excluded. Routine fetal sonographic assessment included CPR-defined as middle cerebral artery pulsatilty index/umbilical artery pulsatilty index. Masked CPR measurement closest to birth was used, classified as >10th (normal) or ≤10th centile (low). Primary outcome was a composite, consisting of stillbirth, Caesarean birth due to abnormal fetal heart rate pattern, 5-minute Apgar <7, cord arterial pH < 7.0, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, or NICU admission >24 hours. RESULTS: Of 281 participants, 24 (8.5%) had low CPR, at a mean gestational age of 36.3 weeks (IQR 34.0-37.4). Birthweight percentile was significantly lower among the low CPR group (35th [IQR 16-31] versus 60th [IQR 31-82]; P = .002). There was no statistically difference in the primary composite outcome between the groups (8.3% versus 7.0%, P = .68). Low CPR was significantly associated with a higher risk of neonatal hypoglycemia (adjusted odds ratio 3.2, 95% CI 1.2-8.3). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies affected by GDM, CPR ≤10th percentile was not associated with adverse perinatal outcome but was associated with neonatal hypoglycemia.
EARLY ONSET NEONATAL HYPOCALCEMIA; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Early onset hypocalcemia is commonly observed in neonates. It occurs during the first five days of life. Many factors are incriminated in the genesis of early onset hypocalcemia. The aim of this study was to investigate causes, symptoms and treatement of early onset hypocalcemia METHOD: A descriptive retrospective study identifying allneonates with early onset hypocalcemia during 2019 and 2020 was conducted in the neonatal department of Sfax, Tunisia. Cases of late onset and non-transient hypocalcemia were excluded. RESULTS: 57 cases of early onset neonatal hypocalcemia were included in this study. No known family or maternal medical conditions related to hypocalcemia were noted. Six main causes were identified: prematurity (74%), perinatal asphyxia (26%), maternal diabetes (21%), intrauterine growth restriction (19%), multiple pregnancy (12%) and preeclampsia (9%). Among the forty-two preterm infants, five were born before thirty-two weeks of gestational age. In the majority of neonates in this study, hypocalcemia was due to a combination of two or three factors of the ones listed above. Symptoms were present in 19% of the cases: tremor (10%), hypotonia (3.5%), apnea (2%), feeding difficulty (2%) and seizures (2%). An electrocardiogram was performed in 55% of the cases. It showed prolonged QT interval in nine cases. Treatment was delivered orally in 71% and intravenously in 13% of the cases. All of the infants presented a favorable clinical course. CONCLUSIONS: Prophylactic calcium supplementation is recommended in at-risk newborns in order to prevent early onset hypocalcemia.
CLINICAL, ECHOGRAPHIC AND EVOLUTIONARY CHARACTERISTICS OF HYPERTROPHIC CARDIOMYOPATHY IN INFANTS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS; BACKGROUND AND AIM: Maternal diabetes affects the fetal heart. It causes a unique form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. It is usually self-limiting, but can be lifethreatening in severe and obstructive forms. The aims of our study is to determine the impact of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in newborns and therapeutic management METHOD: A retrospective descriptive study identifying all cases of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers. RESULTS: 22 cases of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy were identified. 54% of the mothers had type 1 diabetes. The rest (32%) developed gestational diabetes. 41% of the pregnancies were complicated by hydramnios. Macrosomia was noted in 77% ofcases. 86% of the newborns presented respiratory distress. Tachycardia was observed in 23% of the neonates. Cardiac auscultation showed a systolic murmur in 54% of cases and a gallop rhythm in 9% of cases. Cardiomegaly was noted on chest X-ray in 55% of cases. The electrocardiogram revealed an elevated Sokolow index in 3 neonates. Echocardiography showed asymmetric hypertrophic septal cardiomyopathy in 78%, global in 22%, nonobstructive in 76%, and obstructive in 24% of the cases. 36% of the neonates underwent propranolol treatment with a mean treatment duration of 5.7 months. Fifteen newborns benefited from a follow-up echocardiogram after an average period of 5.4 months. No abnormalities were noted. The evolution was favorable. Only one death occurred, caused by severe respiratory distress due to a severely obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is frequently observed in infants of diabetic mothers. Prevention is based on promoting diabetes screening and ensuring preconception diabetes control in women with pre-existing diabetes.
Red Meat Consumption and The Risk of Cardiovascular Diseases and Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials; Introduction: Observational studies show inconsistent associations of red meat consumption with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. Moreover, red meat consumption varies by sex, whether the associations vary by sex remains unclear. Methods: This systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to summarize the evidence concerning the association of unprocessed and processed red meat consumption with CVD, coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Two researchers independently searched PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, and the Cochrane Library for observational studies and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published before September 2021. Results: A total of 44 observational studies (N=4,857,244) for CVD and 28 observational studies (N=1,897,591) for diabetes were included. Red meat consumption was positively associated with risk of CVD [relative risk (RR) 1.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.05 to 1.17 for unprocessed red meat; RR 1.15, 95% CI 1.09 to 1.22) for processed red meat], CHD and stroke, with no clear sex disparity. Both unprocessed and processed red meat consumption were related to a higher risk of T2DM, and unprocessed red meat consumption was related to risk of GDM. The associations with T2DM were more evident in men than in women, and in western countries. Conclusions: Our study suggests that unprocessed and processed red meat consumption are both associated with higher risk of CVD, CHD, stroke, and diabetes, with a more obvious association in women for diabetes. These findings highlight the need for a better understanding of the mechanisms to facilitate improving cardiometabolic health.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2004-2019); Introduction: Persons with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications. However, data on acute cardiovascular (CV) complications during delivery remain limited. Hypothesis: SLE is associated with increased acute CV complications at the time of delivery. Methods: We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2004-2019) while utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and a diagnosis of SLE. Results: A total of 63,037,442 weighted delivery hospitalizations were identified, of which 0.1% were among persons with SLE (n=77,560). Individuals with SLE were older (median 30 vs. 28 years, p<0.01) and had a higher prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), obesity, and dyslipidemia (p<0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, insurance, and income, SLE remained an independent predictor of peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia (aOR 2.12 [2.07-2.17]), peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR 4.42 [3.79-5.13]), heart failure (aOR 4.06 [3.61-4.57]), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 2.06 [1.94-2.21]) compared with no SLE. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (AKI), stroke, pulmonary edema and venous thromboembolism (VTE) were higher with SLE. An overall increasing trend of obesity, GDM and PCOS was also observed among individuals with SLE. For resource utilization, length of stay and cost of hospitalization was higher for deliveries among persons with SLE. Conclusions: Persons with SLE had a higher risk of preeclampsia, peripartum cardiomyopathy, heart failure, arrhythmias, pulmonary edema, AKI, stroke and VTE during delivery hospitalizations. Furthermore, cardiometabolic risk factors among individuals with SLE are on the rise over this 15 year period. (Figure Presented).
Pathways Linking Posttraumatic Stress Disorder to Ischemic Heart Disease in Women Veterans; Introduction: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with increased risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD). It is unclear if this excess risk is entirely mediated through traditional IHD risk factors (hyperlipidemia, hypertension, diabetes, and smoking). We examined 13 potential mediators of the PTSD-IHD association in a large cohort of women veterans: traditional risk factors, other conditions (obesity, chronic kidney disease, neuroendocrine disorders), women-specific risk factors (e.g., gestational diabetes and hypertension, pre-eclampsia), and psychiatric disorders (depression, anxiety, psychotic disorders, alcohol dependence, and drug dependence). Methods: The study cohort included women veterans ≥18 years of age who were enrolled in Veterans Health Administration care between 1/1/2000 to12/31/2017. Diagnosis of each risk factor and disorder was based on administrative billing codes (International Classification of Disease versions 9 and 10). The final study cohorts included 1:2 propensity-score matched group of patients with and without PTSD respectively. The cohorts were matched for age, number of prior visits, and presence of the above risk factors. Cox regression examined associations of PTSD with time to development of the above 13 risk factors. Cox regression with time-varying covariates was used to model time to development of IHD as a function of PTSD and each of above 13 risk factors as time-varying predictors in separate models. Results: The cohorts included 132,293 patients with, and 265,846 patients without PTSD. PTSD was positively associated with each of the 13 risk factors. Results are tabulated in the table below.Conclusion: Traditional risk factors cumulatively accounted for just one third of the risk of IHD posed by PTSD, and all examined risk factors accounted for less than half of the increased risk associated with PTSD. More research is needed to identify pathways by which PTSD accelerates cardiovascular risk. (Table Presented).
Racial Disparities in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Pregnant Women in the United States; Background: Pregnancy-related mortality has notably increased in the United States over the past 3 decades, with cardiovascular disease as the leading cause of mortality post-partum. Significant racial disparities have been noted in pregnancy-related mortality in the US. We sought to study contemporary trends and disparities in cardiometabolic risk factors (CMRFs) among pregnant women in the US. Methods: We used the 2016-2020 natality database maintained by the CDC. We identified pregnant women with first live birth and known self-reported race (Black vs White). We explored overall prevalence (aggregated 2016-2020) and relative changes (between 2016 and 2020) in CMRFs: pre-pregnancy diabetes (Pre-DM), gestational diabetes (G-DM), pre-pregnancy hypertension (Pre-HTN), gestational hypertension (G-HTN), smoking, and obesity. Results: A total of 3,141,830 pregnancies in White women and 436,895 pregnancies in Black women were noted. Overall, Black mothers had higher rates of Pre-DM, Pre-HTN, G-HTN, and obesity, but lower rates of smoking and G-DM. From 2016-2020, there were significant increases in all CMRFs, except smoking, which decreased. There was a more significant increase in Pre-DM and G-HTN in Black mothers, while there were more significant increases in Pre-HTN and obesity in White mothers. A 15% relative increase in the prevalence of any CMRF was seen in both races. Conclusions: In this large analysis of pregnant mothers in the US, cardiometabolic risk factors were present in 35% of White mothers and 43% of Black mothers, with significant increases from 2016 to 2020 in both races. Future studies should focus on identifying mechanisms of the observed associations.
Pregnancy Complications Are Associated With Premature Coronary Artery Disease - Linking Three South Australian Cohorts; Introduction: There is increasing evidence that women who experience placenta-mediated pregnancy complications and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are more likely to develop coronary artery disease (CAD) at a younger age. This is the first study to assess the relationship between pregnancy complications and premature coronary artery disease (PCAD) in Australian women. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that there is an association between placenta-mediated pregnancy complications, GDM and risk of CAD prior to 60 years of age. Methods: The research project involved a data linkage approach merging three databases of South Australian cohorts by employing a retrospective, age-matched case-control study design. Cases (n=721) were ascertained from Coronary Angiogram Database of South Australia (CADOSA). Women <60 years from CADOSA were linked to South Australian Perinatal Statistics Collection (SAPSC) to determine their pregnancy outcomes. Controls (n=194) were ascertained from North West Adelaide Health Study (NWAHS) and comprised of women who were healthy or had health conditions other than CAD, age-matched to CADOSA (+/- 5 years) and linked to SAPSC to determine their pregnancy outcomes. PCAD was defined as >50% stenosis in one or more coronary arteries at coronary angiography. Results: Women who were diagnosed with PCAD were more likely to have experienced a placenta-mediated pregnancy complication, previous miscarriage, asthma or anaemia and/or have risk factors for CAD including pre-existing diabetes (I & II), active smoking and obesity during pregnancy compared to women without a history of CAD as shown in the table below (p<0.05). GDM was not associated with PCAD in these cohorts. Conclusion: Women diagnosed with PCAD have conventional CVD risk factors and some that are uniquely related to their pregnancy. These clinical events may be considered novel risk factors for future PCAD and require attention in contemporary preventative cardiology practice. (Figure Presented).
Social Vulnerability and Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnant Women in the United States; Background: In recent years, pregnancy-related mortality rates in the US have increased, with cardiovascular disease accounting for a third of all pregnancy-related mortality. The association between cardiometabolic (CM) health and social determinants of health have not been well understood. Objectives: We sought to investigate the relationship between social vulnerability and prevalence of CM risk factors in pregnant women in the US. Methods: In this cross-sectional analysis, we linked natality files including all pregnancies resulting in live births in the US (aggregated 2016-2020) with county-level social vulnerability index (SVI), a composite metric of social risk factors with four major domains: socioeconomic, household composition/disability, minority status/language, and housing type/transportation. We investigated the association between SVI and its subdomains with county-level prevalence of maternal pre-pregnancy diabetes, pre-pregnancy hypertension, tobacco use, and obesity. Results: A total of 18,953,511 pregnancies were analyzed across 577 counties. All CM risk factors were associated with SVI and/or its 4 subcomponents to varying degrees. Obesity was strongly associated with overall SVI (R=0.52, P<0.001) with an even stronger relationship with socioeconomic vulnerability (R=0.6, P<0.001) and household composition/disability (R=0.66, P<0.001). The rate of pre-pregnancy diabetes was associated with overall SVI (R=0.27, p<0.001), with similar association with socioeconomic vulnerability (R=0.26, P<0.001) and household composition/disability (R=0.28, P<0.001). Chronic hypertension was weakly associated with overall SVI (R=0.15, P<0.001) with similar association with socioeconomic vulnerability (R=0.19, P<0.001) and household composition/disability (R=0.22, P<0.001). Tobacco use was not associated with overall SVI (R=0.034, p=0.41), but was strongly associated with minority status/language (R=-0.71, P<0.001). Conclusion: Social vulnerability and its domains are associated with prevalence of CM risk factors in pregnant women in the US. Further studies are needed to investigate the impact of targeting social determinants of health to improve CM risk and mortality in pregnant women.
Cardiovascular Complications During Delivery Admissions Associated With Assisted Reproductive Technology: A National Inpatient Sample Analysis (2008-2019); Introduction: Persons who conceived through Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) have an increased risk of obstetric-associated complications. Hypothesis: ART is associated with increased acute cardiovascular (CV) complications during delivery admissions. Methods: We used data from the National Inpatient Sample (2008-2019) while utilizing ICD-9 or ICD-10 codes to identify delivery hospitalizations and ART procedure. Results: A total of 45,867,086 weighted delivery cases were identified, of which 0.24% were among individuals who conceived through ART (n=108,542). Persons with an ART history were older at the time of delivery (median 35 vs. 28 years, p<0.01) and had higher prevalence of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and dyslipidemia (all, p<0.01). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, comorbidities, multiple gestation, insurance, and income, ART remained an independent predictor of peripartum CV complications including preeclampsia (aOR 1.48 [1.45-1.51], p<0.01), heart failure (aOR 1.94 [1.10-3.40], p<0.01), and cardiac arrhythmias (aOR 1.39 [1.30-1.48], p<0.01) compared to natural conception. Likewise, the risk of acute kidney injury (aOR 2.57 [2.25-2.92], p<0.01), stroke (aOR 1.57 [1.23-2.01], p<0.01), pulmonary edema (aOR 2.29 [2.02-2.61], p<0.01), and venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.92 [1.63-2.25], p<0.01) were higher with ART. However, higher odds of developing peripartum cardiomyopathy or acute coronary syndrome were not associated with ART. Length of stay (3 vs. 2 days, p<0.01) and cost of hospitalization ($5,903 vs. $3,922, p<0.01) were higher for deliveries among persons with history of ART. Conclusions: Persons who conceived with ART had higher risk of preeclampsia, heart failure, cardiac arrhythmias, pulmonary edema, AKI, stroke, and VTE during their delivery hospitalizations. This may in part contribute to increased resource utilization seen in patients conceiving with ART. (Figure Presented).
Diagnosis and Management of High-Risk Pulmonary Embolism in a Term Neonate; Case Presentation: A 5 day old, term infant born to a 39-year-old G1P0 with a history of dietcontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus presented with hypernatremic dehydration in the setting of poor feeding. On hospital day 2, the infant suffered a bradycardic cardiac arrest requiring 2 minutes of CPR prior to return of spontaneous circulation. An echocardiogram (Figure 1A) revealed moderately depressed right ventricular (RV) function, elevated RV pressure and a large mobile mass extending from the main pulmonary artery (PA) into the left PA with obstruction of flow. Ddimer was markedly elevated at 2740 ng/mL. A subsequent CT angiogram revealed acute pulmonary emboli in the distal left and right branch PAs (Figure 1B). Additional imaging was obtained and showed dural venous sinus, left portal vein and right cephalic vein thromboses. The infant was managed with a heparin infusion and supportive therapy for the RV dysfunction and pulmonary hypertension including mechanical ventilation, inhaled nitric oxide as well as epinephrine and milrinone infusions. Over the course of two weeks, the infant improved clinically with normalization of RV function. Discussion: Neonatal pulmonary arterial thrombosis is an exceedingly rare phenomenon. The majority of cases described in the literature are associated with either an inherited thrombophilia or with underlying congenital heart disease, which were not found to be present in this case. However, this patient presented with severe dehydration and a history of maternal diabetes, both of which are risk factors for neonatal thrombosis. Fortunately, this patient responded to treatment with anticoagulation alone and did not require more invasive therapies, such as surgical thrombectomy or systemic and catheter-directed thrombolysis. Although rare, neonatal pulmonary arterial thrombosis can occur and delays in recognition and treatment may lead to significant RV dysfunction, morbidity, and even death.
Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and N-Terminal Pro-Brain Natriuretic Peptide 2-7 Years After Delivery: Numom2b Heart Health Study; Introduction: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), preterm birth (PTB), and small-for-gestational age (SGA), have been associated with increased risk of heart failure (HF), but mechanisms are poorly understood. We sought to examine the association between a history of APO and N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), a HF biomarker, after delivery. Methods: We included individuals from the NuMoM2b Heart Health Study who were recruited during their first pregnancy and followed longitudinally. We excluded individuals who had pre-pregnancy hypertension or diabetes. APOs were centrally adjudicated based on medical records. NT-proBNP was assessed at follow-up visit after delivery. We examined the association between a history of APO and elevated NT-proBNP (≥125 pg/mL) with logistic regression. We log-transformed NT-proBNP and also examined the association between history of APO and NT-proBNP with linear regression. Models were adjusted for demographic and cardiovascular risk factors at the time of NT-proBNP. Results: Of 4172 individuals, mean (SD) age was 30.7(5.6) years at 3 years follow-up after delivery and 170 (4%) had a history of GDM, 597 (14%) HDP, 321 (8%) had PTB, and 170 (4%) had SGA. Among the study population, 256 (6%) had elevated NT-proBNP. Individuals with GDM had a lower risk of elevated NT-proBNP levels (adjusted odds ratio 0.59 [95% confidence interval 0.38, 0.92]); while a history of HDP, PTB, or SGA was not associated with elevated NT-proBNP (TABLE). When NT-proBNP was examined as a continuous variable, a history of GDM (-0.20 [-0.35, -0.06] pg/mL) or HDP (-0.09 [-0.15, -0.02]) was associated with lower log-transformed NT-proBNP levels in adjusted models. Conclusions: In this cohort study, APOs were not associated with elevations in NT-proBNP, but GDM and HDP were paradoxically associated with lower NT-proBNP levels at 3 years post-delivery. (Figure Presented).
Recurrent Hypoglycemia In A Patient With Beck with- Wiedemann Syndrome Secondary To Insulinoma; Background: Beck with-Wiedemann Syndrome (BWS) is a genetic condition characterized by macrosomia, childhood tumors, and neonatal hypoglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. The cause of this hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia is unknown, but it is believed to be caused by chromosomal mutations at 11p15.5 and genes encoding beta-cell ATPsensitive potassium channels. In our case, we have an adult patient with a history of BWS who is experiencing hypoglycemia due to a different cause: an insulinoma. This is the first report of insulinoma in an adult with this syndrome. Case Presentation: The patient is a 53-year-old male with a history of BWS. Due to shortness of breath, the patient was admitted and discovered to have new and severe systolic heart failure. Patient was started on beta blockers by cardiology. During his hospital stay, he developed hypoglycemia, with glucose levels in the 20s. As the hypoglycemia became more frequent, he was placed on dextrose. Dextrose was turned off to obtain hypoglycemia labs such as insulin, proinsulin, C-peptide, and hydroxybutyrate, but his blood sugar never fell below 80mg/dL. His hypoglycemia was attributed to a beta-blocker side effect or rebound from a dextrose infusion. He was discharged from hospital and sent home. After a loss of consciousness episode at home two weeks later, the patient was readmitted. When he arrived at the emergency department, his blood glucose level was 18mg/dL, and he was given dextrose. After being admitted to the hospital, dextrose was again discontinued, and blood glucose levels dropped to 45mg/ dL on serum testing. At the time, C-peptide levels were elevated at 25.7ng/mL, B-hydroxybutyrate levels were 0. 06mmol/L, and insulin levels were above 700uIU/mL. At the time, the choice was between insulin autoantibody syndrome and insulinoma. The patient then had an abdominal computed tomography scan, which revealed a 3.7×2.9cm neuroendocrine tumor in the distal pancreas. Changes in the liver were found to be alarming for metastases, thus an MRI was conducted to confirm this. There was no sign of liver metastases on the MRI. In the interim, the patient was started on subcutaneous octreotide 50 mcg twice daily. Given the patient's underlying heart problems, diazoxide was not pursued. Octreotide was increased to 100mcg subcutaneously three times daily throughout his hospital stay, and he was discharged home with a continuous glucose monitor and intentions to operate later that month. Conclusions: Although BWS has been linked to a higher risk of childhood malignancies, it's uncertain whether BWS could be a predisposing factor for the development of insulinoma. Because this is such a rare disorder, there is a paucity of information on predisposition or risk factors. However, the link between macrosomia and tumor growth in BWS suggests that there may be a predisposition to insulinoma that has yet to be investigated.
Diabetic Ketoacidosis Complicating Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Case Report; Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) in pregnancy is a rare but serious medical emergency. Its incidence ranges between 0.2%-9% and carries a fetal mortality rate up to 90%. DKA remains to be an extremely rare complication of gestational diabetes (GDM). Early diagnosis and management may be delayed due to its atypical presentation. We present a case of DKA in GDM with no pre-existing diagnosis of type 1 diabetes (T1DM) or type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A 33-year-old African American woman G2P0010 with GDM on insulin diagnosed in current pregnancy, presented at 30-weeks of gestation with a 3-day history of general malaise, altered mentation, and emesis. Severe DKA (blood glucose 920 mg/dL, pH 7.02, anion gap 38, bicarbonate 5.0 mEq/L, and positive serum ketones), systemic inflammatory response syndrome (tachycardia, WBC of 24,000/ mcL), and intrauterine fetal demise via ultrasound were determined upon presentation. MICU admission for prompt and vigorous medical management with intravenous fluid resuscitation, insulin and bicarbonate infusions, and broad-spectrum antibiotic therapy was required. Clinical course was complicated by worsening hypokalemia. Spontaneous vaginal delivery of a non-viable fetus occurred at the MICU. After delivery, resolution of DKA was achieved. Once the patient's mentation was back to her baseline, she admitted complete cessation of insulin 1-week prior to admission. Workup revealed negative glutamic acid decarboxylase, islet cell, and zinc transporter-8 autoantibodies in addition to normal C-peptide levels. A new HbA1C of 9% compared to HbA1C of 5.5% at 6 weeks of gestation, made pre-existing T2DM unlikely. Eventually, the patient was downgraded to the medicine wards for continuity of care. DKA in pregnancy is a rare complication typically associated with T1DM. It may occur at near-normal blood glucose levels, known as euglycemic DKA, causing a delay in diagnosis. Physiologic changes during the last trimester of gestation explain the higher incidence of DKA at this stage. These include the relative state of insulin resistance, which in addition to insulin-antagonistic hormones such as human placental lactogen, prolactin, cortisol, and progesterone contribute to this state. Furthermore, a relative accelerated state of starvation with an increase in maternal ketone body formation, and a reduction in the buffering capacity when exposed to ketonemia places gravida women with impaired glucose tolerance at higher risk to develop DKA. Fetal loss may result from reduced uteroplacental perfusion and fetal hypokalemia leading to fatal arrhythmia. The most common precipitating factors of DKA in pregnancy are infection, including COVID-19, insulin therapy non-adherence, steroid use, dehydration, and unrecognized new-onset diabetes which accounts for up to 30% of cases. It has been described that a genetic polymorphism in SLC26A6 gene may increase the susceptibility to develop DKA in GDM. Prevention, early diagnosis, and vigorous medical management of DKA in pregnancy may possibly reduce maternal and fetal mortality.
Insulin Edema: A rare side effect of Intensive Insulin Therapy; Insulin therapy associated generalized edema is a rare entity. The true incidence is unknown. It has been reported mostly in patients with poorly controlled diabetes mellitus started on intensive insulin regimens. The severity ranges from mild lower extremity swelling to anasarca. Management is primarily supportive with salt restrictions, diuretics and if possible, reduction of insulin doses. We present a case of a 39-year-old African American woman who developed generalized edema after initiation of insulin. She had history of gestational diabetes and presented to the endocrinology clinic to establish care after being hospitalized with Diabetic Ketoacidosis (DKA). She was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus initially during her pregnancy two years prior and was treated with insulin. After pregnancy, she was lost to follow up. She was then admitted to the hospital with severe DKA and was discharged on multiple daily injections of insulin. On the initial encounter in clinic, the patient endorsed developing abdominal distension and lower extremity swelling with insulin use previously so she was not using insulin consistently. Her physical examination was unremarkable. Lab work was significant for hemoglobin A1C of >15%, C-peptide 0.9 ng/ mL (1.1-4.4 ng/mL), islet cell antibody 0.09 nmol/L (<0.02 nmol/L), glutamic acid decarboxylase antibody 0.40 nmol/ L (<0.02 nmol/L). Her kidney and liver function were normal. She had normal thyroid function and cortisol levels. Her echocardiogram revealed normal cardiac function and she had non proliferative diabetic retinopathy on retinal exam. The patient was started on insulin and a continuous glucose monitor was placed to assess her glycemic patterns. Three days after starting insulin, she developed generalized body swelling involving face, abdomen, and lower extremities. The patient was advised to cut back on salt and started on low dose furosemide. On follow up one month later, her abdominal swelling had improved however she still had pitting lower extremity edema. On follow up two months later the edema completely resolved. Clinicians should be aware of the presentation and management of insulin induced edema. In most of the cases in literature, insulin induced edema started after starting insulin in newly diagnosed Type 1 diabetes or uncontrolled Type 2 diabetes. The pathophysiology is unclear. There is some evidence that insulin deficiency causes a catabolic state and hyperglycemia increases tissue capillary permeability. Re-introduction of insulin causes free water retention and renal excretion of sodium. This along with increased capillary permeability can lead to insulin edema. Water retention caused by the effect of counter regulatory hormones can also play a role. Insulin edema needs to be differentiated from other causes of diffuse edema. Management is generally supportive including temporarily decreasing insulin doses, salt restriction and diuretics as needed. Patient reassurance is important as well to aid in adherence to the prescribed insulin regimen.
Fetal growth in pregnancy with diabetes and its correlation with placental pathology; Introduction: Diabetes in pregnant women is associated with increased incidence of macrosomia and fetal growth restriction. The possible cause in diabetic mothers' could be either maternal vasculopathy, placental dysfunction or overzealous glycemic control causing maternal hypoglycemia. Objectives: To assess fetal growth pattern in pregnancy complicated with diabetes and morphological and histopathological changes in the placenta. Materials and Methods: One year prospective Observational study on pregnant women who were known diabetics and those diagnosed with Gestational diabetes during the ante-natal visits. Fasting and post-prandial blood sugar estimation was done and glycemic control maintained for each trimester. After delivery placenta of both diabetic and non-diabetic women were sent in 10% formalin. Gross and Histopathological examination was done. Results: 110 women were registered of which 22 were lost to follow-up. Of the 88 women, 83 had gestational diabetes mellitus and 5 were pre-gestational diabetics. 69 women were less than 30 years of age. 22 gestational diabetics were diagnosed in first trimester, 46 in second and 15 in the third trimester. Majority of women with live birth (89.4%) had good glycemic control. Histopathological features of maternal vasculopathic changes and abnormal fetal placental circulation were significantly more in the placenta of diabetic women, however no significant association was seen with different extent of glycemic control. Incidence of Small for gestational age was dominant fetal growth pattern with 54.1% <10th percentile of birth weight. Conclusion: Placenta of diabetic women was larger and placental-fetal weight ratio was higher suggesting placental hypertrophy, however histopathological changes were not related to the fetal growth pattern.
Gender-differences in antithrombotic therapy across the spectrum of ischemic heart disease: Time to tackle the Yentl syndrome?; The incidence and clinical presentation of ischemic heart disease (IHD), as well as thrombotic and bleeding risks, appear to differ between genders. Compared with men, women feature an increased thrombotic risk, probably related to an increased platelet reactivity, higher level of coagulation factors, and sex-associated unique cardiovascular risk factors, such as pregnancy-related (i.e., pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes), gynecological disorders (i.e., polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause) and autoimmune or systemic inflammatory diseases. At the same time, women are also at increased risk of bleeding, due to inappropriate dosing of antithrombotic agents, smaller blood vessels, lower body weight and comorbidities, such as diabetes and chronic kidney disease. Pharmacological strategies focused on the personalization of antithrombotic treatment may, therefore, be particularly appealing in women in light of their higher bleeding and ischemic risks. Paradoxically, although women represent a large proportion of cardiovascular patients in our practice, adequate high-quality clinical trial data on women remain scarce and inadequate to guide decision-making processes. As a result, IHD in women tends to be understudied, underdiagnosed and undertreated, a phenomenon known as a “Yentl syndrome.” It is, therefore, compelling for the scientific community to embark on dedicated clinical trials to address underrepresentation of women and to acquire evidence-based knowledge in the personalization of antithrombotic therapy in women.
Bariatric surgery and health outcomes: An umbrella analysis; Background: There is a relative lack of data that systematically investigates the breadth and validity of the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the quantity, validity, and credibility of evidence regarding the association between bariatric surgery and health-related outcomes using an umbrella review of meta-analyses. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, Embase, and the Web of Science databases from inception until December 2, 2021, to identify meta-analyses of observational or interventional studies that investigated the association between bariatric surgery and multiple health outcomes. We extracted the summary effect size and 95% confidence interval (CI) data. The Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR-2) and Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations (GRADE) guidelines were used for methodological and evidence quality assessments, respectively. Results: Twenty-eight studies with 82 different health-related outcomes were included in this umbrella review. Beneficial effects of bariatric surgery have been observed in cancer incidence, mortality, cardiovascular risk, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), anxiety symptoms, depressive symptoms, gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, large for gestational age (LGA), macrosomia, post-term birth, risk of kidney stones, albuminuria, urinary incontinence, fecal incontinence, Barrett’s esophagus, and diabetic retinopathy. However, adverse effects of bariatric surgery were observed for maternal anemia, perinatal mortality, congenital anomalies, preterm birth, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, intrauterine growth restriction, small for gestational age (SGA), fracture risk, upper limb fracture, suicide, self-harm, and alcohol use disorder (AUD). Conclusions: Current evidence suggests that bariatric surgery improves the majority of health-related outcomes; however, caution is advised given it may increase the risk of adverse mental effects, perinatal problems, and fractures.
Cohort profile: A prospective Australian cohort study of women's reproductive characteristics and risk of chronic disease from menarche to premenopause (M-PreM); Purpose Previous studies have identified associations between individual reproductive factors and chronic disease risk among postmenopausal women. However, few have investigated the association of different markers of reproductive function, their interactions and risk factors of chronic disease among women approaching menopause. The Menarche-to-PreMenopause (M-PreM) Study aims to examine the relationship between reproductive factors across the reproductive lifespan and risk indicators for chronic disease among women in their early-to-mid-40s. The purpose of this cohort profile paper is to describe the rationale, study design and participant characteristics of the M-PreM Study. Participants Women born in 1973-1978 who participated in the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH) were invited to undertake a clinical or self-administered assessment. A total of 1278 women were recruited from June 2019 to June 2021. Findings to date The study measures included functional, cognitive and cardiometabolic tests, anthropometry, spirometry, respiratory health questionnaires, physical activity, sleep patterns, sex hormones, and cardiovascular and metabolic markers; whereas blood and saliva samples were used for the analysis of genetic variants of genes associated with reproductive characteristics and chronic disease. The mean age of the clinic and self-assessed participants was 44.6 and 45.3 years, respectively. The menopausal status of participants was similar between the two arms of the study: 38%-41% premenopausal, 20% perimenopausal, and 36% took oral contraception or hormone replacement therapy. Approximately 80% of women had at least one child and participants reported experiencing pregnancy complications: preterm birth (8%-13% of pregnancies), gestational diabetes (10%) and gestational hypertension (10%-15%). Future plans The biomedical data collected in the M-PreM Study will be linked to existing ALSWH survey data on sociodemographic factors, health behaviour, reproductive function, and early life factors collected over the past 20 years and health administrative data. The association between reproductive factors and risk indicators of chronic disease will be analysed.
Anakinra Pilot – a clinical trial to demonstrate safety, feasibility and pharmacokinetics of interleukin 1 receptor antagonist in preterm infants; Background: Bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), its complication pulmonary hypertension (BPD-PH) and preterm brain and gut injury lead to significant morbidity and mortality in infants born extremely prematurely. There is extensive evidence that the pro-inflammatory cytokine interleukin 1 (IL-1) plays a key role in the pathophysiology of these illnesses. Two decades of clinical use in paediatric and adult medicine have established an excellent safety and efficacy record for IL-1 blockade with IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra, medication name anakinra). Building on robust pre-clinical evidence, the Anakinra Pilot trial aims to demonstrate safety and feasibility of administering anakinra to preterm infants, and to establish pharmacokinetics in this population. Its ultimate goal is to facilitate large studies that will test whether anakinra can ameliorate early-life inflammation, thus alleviating multiple complications of prematurity. Methods and analysis: Anakinra Pilot is an investigator-initiated, single arm, safety and feasibility dose-escalation trial in extremely preterm infants born between 24 weeks 0 days (240) and 276 weeks of gestational age (GA). Enrolled infants will receive anakinra intravenously over the first 21 days after birth, starting in the first 24 h after birth. In the first phase, dosing is 1 mg/kg every 48 h, and dosage will increase to 1.5 mg/kg every 24 h in the second phase. Initial anakinra dosing was determined through population pharmacokinetic model simulations. During the study, there will be a interim analysis to confirm predictions before undertaking dose assessment. Anakinra therapy will be considered safe if the frequency of adverse outcomes/events does not exceed that expected in infants born at 240-276 weeks GA. Clinical Trial Registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/, identifier NCT05280340.
A Qualitative Study of Perceptions, Strengths, and Opportunities in Cardiometabolic Risk Management During Pregnancy and Postpartum in a Georgia Safety-Net Hospital, 2021; INTRODUCTION: Despite the strong link between cardiometabolic pregnancy complications and future heart disease, there are documented gaps in engaging those who experience such conditions in recommended postpartum follow-up and preventive care. The goal of our study was to understand how people in a Medicaid-insured population perceive and manage risks during and after pregnancy related to an ongoing cardiometabolic disorder. METHODS: We conducted in-depth qualitative interviews with postpartum participants who had a cardiometabolic conditions during pregnancy (chronic or gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia). We recruited postpartum participants from a single safety-net hospital system in Atlanta, Georgia, and conducted virtual interviews during January through May 2021. We conducted a content analysis guided by the Health Belief Model and present themes related to risk management. RESULTS: From the 28 interviews we conducted, we found that during pregnancy, advice and intervention by the clinical care team facilitated management behaviors for high-risk conditions. However, participants described limited understanding of how pregnancy complications might affect future outcomes, and few described engaging in postpartum management behaviors. CONCLUSION: Improving continuity and content of care during postpartum may improve uptake of preventive behaviors among postpartum patients at risk of heart disease.
Umbilical cord coiling index at term gestation and its association with perinatal outcomes; Background: Umbilical coiling index (UCI) is the number of coils in the cord divided by the cord length in centimeters. .On the basis of UCI umbilical cords have been grouped as: hypocoiled,( UCI Less than 10th percentile) normocoiled ( UCI between 10th–90th percentile) and hypercoiled (UCI More than 90th percentile).Various reports have shown that abnormal coiling index is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes.There is a wide variations among the various studies done so far. Some studies have reported significant association between abnormal UCI and adverse perinatal outcomes whereas few studies did not show significant association. Material & Methods: This prospective study was conducted on 200 randomly selected Indian pregnant women with singleton pregnancy at POG ≥37 weeks.The UCI less than 10th percentile and more than 90th percentile were considered as hypocoiled and hypercoiled respectively Then association between abnormal UCI and intrapartum events (fetal heart rate (FHR) abnormality, meconium stained liquor, mode of delivery )and neonatal outcome (birth weight, IUGR,Apgar score and need for NICU admission) were evaluated. Results & Conclusion The mean UCI was 0.21 ± 0.08 coils /cms. (9.50%) coils were hypocoiled 81%) were, normocoiled and hypercoiled were (9.50%). No statistically significant association was found between abnormal coiling and perinatal outcomes.
Body composition in children and adolescents with non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia and the risk for components of metabolic syndrome: An observational study; Background: Treated or untreated non-classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia (NCCAH) diagnosed in childhood could pose an increased risk of obesity and metabolic derangements in adolescence and early adulthood. We aimed to explore the interaction between muscle-to-fat ratio (MFR) and components of metabolic syndrome in pediatric subjects with NCCAH. Methods: This retrospective observational study was conducted in the Tel Aviv Medical Center from January 2018 to January 2022. The study group comprised 75 subjects (26 males) with NCCAH (61 hydrocortisone-treated [21 males] and 14 untreated [5 males]) and 134 healthy sex- and age-matched subjects (41 males) with normal puberty served as controls. Body composition was measured by bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) and muscle-to-fat ratio (MFR) z-scores were calculated. Stepwise linear regression models were applied to evaluate explanatory variables for MFR z-scores, blood pressure percentiles, lipid profiles, and glucose metabolism. Results: The median age [interquartile range] was 7.5 years [5.3, 8.8] at NCCAH diagnosis and 12.3 years [8.9, 15.4] at BIA. The median cumulative hydrocortisone dose was 7620 mg/m2 [2547, 12903]. Subjects with NCCAH had higher mean BMI z-scores and lower median MFR z-scores compared to controls [(0.47 ± 0.97 vs. -0.19 ± 1.04, p<0.001) and (-0.74 [-1.06, -0.14] vs.-0.37 [-0.99, 0.15], p=0.045), respectively]. The linear regression models dependent variables and their explanatory variables were: MFR z-score (R2= 0.253, p<0.001) - socioeconomic position index (β=0.348, p=0.003), birthweight z-score (β=-0.258, p=0.013), and duration of hydrocortisone treatment in years (β=0.048, p=0.023); systolic blood pressure percentile (R2 = 0.166, p<0.001) - MFR z-score (β=-9.75, p<0.001); TG/HDL ratio (R2 = 0.116, p=0.024) - MFR z-score (β=-0.300, p=0.024). No significant variables were found for glucose. Conclusions: Children and adolescents with NCCAH have a body composition characterized by an imbalance between muscle and fat tissues, which may place them at increased risk for early-onset cardiometabolic derangements. It is reassuring that glucocorticoid therapy aimed to alleviate androgen overproduction does not appear to adversely affect their body composition.
The metabolic conditioning of obesity: A review of the pathogenesis of obesity and the epigenetic pathways that “program” obesity from conception; Understanding the developmental origins of health and disease is integral to overcome the global tide of obesity and its metabolic consequences, including atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. The rising prevalence of obesity has been attributed, in part, to environmental factors including the globalization of the western diet and unhealthy lifestyle choices. In this review we argue that how and when such exposures come into play from conception significantly impact overall risk of obesity and later health outcomes. While the laws of thermodynamics dictate that obesity is caused by an imbalance between caloric intake and energy expenditure, the drivers of each of these may be laid down before the manifestation of the phenotype. We present evidence over the last half-century that suggests that the temporospatial evolution of obesity from intrauterine life and beyond is, in part, due to the conditioning of physiological processes at critical developmental periods that results in maladaptive responses to obesogenic exposures later in life. We begin the review by introducing studies that describe an association between perinatal factors and later risk of obesity. After a brief discussion of the pathogenesis of obesity, including the systemic regulation of appetite, adiposity, and basal metabolic rate, we delve into the mechanics of how intrauterine, postnatal and early childhood metabolic environments may contribute to adult obesity risk through the process of metabolic conditioning. Finally, we detail the specific epigenetic pathways identified both in preclinical and clinical studies that synergistically “program” obesity.
Uterine fibroids are associated with increased risk of pre-eclampsia: A case-control study; Purpose: Uterine fibroids are associated with hypertension in non-pregnant women. We aimed to evaluate the association between uterine fibroids and pre-eclampsia (PE). Patients and methods: Participants were pregnant women who delivered in the Department of Obstetrics of the People's Hospital of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region between January and December 2021. Patients with PE were identified as the case group, whereas those without PE were selected as the control group, using age-matching and a ratio of 1:5. Ultrasound examination during early pregnancy was used to detect uterine fibroids. Multivariable logistic regression was applied to evaluate the association between uterine fibroids and PE. Results: In total, 121 cases with PE and 578 controls without PE were included, with mean age of 32.9 years and gestational age of 37.7 weeks. Time of ultrasound examination was 12.0 ± 2.6 weeks. The case group had a significantly higher exposure rate of uterine fibroids than the control group (14.0 vs. 6.9%, P = 0.009). Multivariable Logistic regression models adjusted for potential confounding factors, including gestational age and blood pressure in early gestation, showed that pregnant women with uterine fibroids in early pregnancy exhibited three-fold higher odds for PE (OR, 3.02; 95% CI, 1.20–7.60; P = 0.019). Sensitivity analysis, which excluded those with gestational diabetes, further confirmed the robustness of the results. The association between uterine fibroids and PE was stronger in pregnant women aged ≥35 years and multiparas. Conclusion: Uterine fibroids are significantly associated with an increased risk of PE in pregnant women. Uterine fibroids may serve as a new factor for identifying pregnant women at high risk of PE, and the effect of myomectomy before pregnancy on prevention of PE is worth further exploring.
Case Report: Anesthesia for a Neonate with Cutis Aplasia; Cutis aplasia is a rare condition characterized by skin and subcutaneous tissue defects. Researchers have previously described both conservative and surgical management methods. We report herein the case of a neonate with extensive cutis aplasia involving 37% of the total body surface area. Due to the risk of meningitis and catastrophic hemorrhage associated with scalp defects, she underwent staged surgical procedures with skin harvesting and synthetic skin application, followed by the application of cultured epithelial autografts. This report highlights the challenges in temperature and fluid management as well as intraoperative positioning in a neonate with cutis aplasia.
Association between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and hypoglycemia in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy and influence factors; This retrospective study aimed to investigate the correlation between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB) and hypoglycemia (NH) in Chinese women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), and the influencing factors. All the data were collected July 1, 2017 and June 30, 2020, and 10,558 Chinese women with DIP and live births were included. Two separate multivariate binary stepwise forward logistic regression analysis calculated OR with 95% CI. The prevalence rates of NHB and NH was respectively 3.65% and 5.82% among women with DIP. The comorbidity of both diseases was 0.59%. NH were 1.81 times (OR 1.81, 1.19-2.76) more likely to have hyperbilirubinemia. NHB is positively correlated with NH (OR 1.93, 1.27-2.92). Increased gestational age has a protective effect on both NH (OR 0.76, 0.68-0.85) and NHB (OR 0.80, 0.69-0.92). Abnormal placental morphology is related to NH (OR 1.55, 1.16-2.08) and NHB (OR 1.64, 1.10-2.45). Regarding neonatal outcomes, congenital heart disease (CHD) (OR 2.16, 1.25-3.73; and OR 10.14, 6.47-15.90) was a risk factor for NH and NHB. NHB and NH were significantly correlated in women with DIP. The offspring of DIP with multiple risk factors have a significantly increased risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia.
Proteomics and bioinformatics analysis of cardiovascular related proteins in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Previous studies have demonstrated that exposed to the initial suboptimal intrauterine environment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may increase risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Methods: In order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved in the increased risk of cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) in the offspring of GDM, we applied a high-throughput proteomics approach to compare the proteomic expression profile of human umbilical vessels of normal and GDM offspring. Results: A total of significantly different 100 proteins were identified in umbilical vessels from GDM group compared with normal controls, among which 31 proteins were up-regulated, while 69 proteins were down-regulated. Differentially expressed proteins (DEPs) are validated using Western blotting analysis. The analysis of these differently expressed proteins (DEPs) related diseases and functions results, performed by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis (IPA) software. Based on “Diseases and Disorders” analysis, 17 proteins (ACTA2, ADAR, CBFB, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, FGG, GLS, GSTM1, HBB, PGM3, PPP1R13L, S100A8, SLC12A4, TPP2, VCAN) were described to be associated with CVD, especially in Anemia, Thrombus and Myocardial infarction. Functional analysis indicated that DEPs involved in many cardiovascular functions, especially in “vasoconstriction of blood vessel” (related DEPs: ACTA2, DDAH1, FBN1, FGA, FGB, and FGG). Upstream regulator analyses of DEPs identifies STAT3 as inhibitor of ACTA2, FGA, FGB, and FGG. Conclusion: The results of this study indicate that intrauterine hyperglycemia is associated with an elevated risk of cardiovascular risk in the offspring.
Long-Term Maternal Metabolic and Cardiovascular Phenotypes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Mild Gestational Diabetes Mellitus or Obesity; Objective The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity with metabolic and cardiovascular markers 5 to 10 years after pregnancy. Study Design This was a secondary analysis of 5- to 10-year follow-up study of a mild GDM treatment trial and concurrent observational cohort of participants ineligible for the trial with abnormal 1-hour glucose challenge test only. Participants with 2-hour glucose tolerance test at follow-up were included. The primary exposures were mild GDM and obesity. The outcomes were insulinogenic index (IGI), 1/homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and cardiovascular markers vascular endothelial growth factor, (VEGF), vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1), cluster of differentiation 40 ligand (CD40L), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), and suppression of tumorgenesis 2 (ST-2). Multivariable linear regression estimated the association of GDM and obesity with biomarkers. Results Of 951 participants in the parent study, 642 (68%) were included. Lower 1/HOMA-IR were observed in treated and untreated GDM groups, compared with non-GDM (mean differences, -0.24 and -0.15; 95% confidence intervals [CIs], -0.36 to -0.12 and -0.28 to -0.03, respectively). Lower VCAM-1 (angiogenesis) was observed in treated GDM group (mean difference, -0.11; 95% CI, -0.19 to -0.03). GDM was not associated with IGI or other biomarkers. Obesity was associated with lower 1/HOMA-IR (mean difference, -0.42; 95% CI, -0.52 to -0.32), but not other biomarkers. Conclusion Prior GDM and obesity are associated with more insulin resistance but not insulin secretion or consistent cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years after delivery. Key Points Mild GDM increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction. Obesity increases the risk of insulin resistance 5 to 10 years postpartum but not pancreatic dysfunction. Neither mild GDM nor obesity increased the risk of cardiovascular dysfunction 5 to 10 years postpartum.
Continuous transthoracic echocardiographic monitoring for changes in maternal cardiac hemodynamics during cesarean section under combined epidural–spinal anesthesia: a prospective, observational study; The change in maternal hemodynamics during cesarean section has not been well studied. Continuous transthoracic echocardiography can monitor cardiac function continuously. This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of maternal hemodynamic parameters monitoring during cesarean section using continuous transthoracic echocardiography. In this prospective, observational study, women with an uncomplicated singleton pregnancy scheduled for elective cesarean section at term under combined spinal–epidural anesthesia were enrolled. Maternal hemodynamic parameters were assessed by continuous transthoracic echocardiography at 11 pre-set time points. The image quality of continuous transthoracic echocardiography was evaluated before measurement was performed. Totally, one hundred parturients were recruited, and transthoracic echocardiography images with sufficient quality for further analysis were obtained in 72 women. Following anesthesia, maternal heart rate decreased by 11.18% and cardiac output decreased by 7.82%, but stroke volume remained stable. After delivery of the neonate and placenta, stroke volume and cardiac output increased by 21.09% and 22.33%, respectively. End-diastolic volume also increased significantly after delivery of the neonate, but end-systolic volume was unchanged. Following delivery of the neonate, fractional shortening increased till the end of the cesarean section while total peripheral resistance decreased significantly. In conclusion, continuous transthoracic echocardiographic monitoring revealed that there were significant changes in hemodynamic parameters during cesarean section after delivery of the newborn and placenta, which warranted further investigation.
Increased Risk of Postpartum Depression in Women With Allergic Rhinitis During Pregnancy: A Population-Based Case-Control Study; Objectives: Allergic rhinitis (AR) is associated with increased risk of major depression in the general population, however, no previous study has evaluated its role among pregnant women. We aimed to investigate the potential impact of AR during pregnancy on the development of postpartum depression (PPD). Methods: This is a population-based case-control study. Data were retrieved from the National Health Insurance Research Database (NHIRD). Medical records of a total of 199 470 deliveries during 2000 and 2010 were identified. Among which, 1416 women with PPD within 12 months after delivery were classified as the case group, while 198 054 women without PPD after delivery formed the control group. Univariate and multivariate regression analyses were conducted to determine the associations between AR during pregnancies and other study variables with PPD. Results: AR during pregnancy was found in 9.53% women who developed PPD and 5.44% in women without PPD. After adjusting for age at delivery, income level, various pregnancy and delivery-related conditions, asthma, atopic dermatitis and other medical comorbidities in the multivariate analysis, AR was significantly associated with increased odds of PPD (aOR: 1.498, 95% CI: 1.222-1.836). Conclusion: AR during pregnancy was independently and significantly associated with an approximately 50% increased risk of PPD among women giving birth. Closely monitoring of AR is warranted in the future in order to optimize mother and child outcomes after delivery.
Synthesizing Core Outcome Sets for outcomes research in cohort studies: a systematic review; Background: Life course studies are designed to “collect once, use multiple times” for observational and, increasingly, interventional research. Core Outcome Sets (COS) are minimum sets developed for clinical trials by multi-stakeholder consensus methodologies. We aimed to synthesize published COS that might guide outcomes selection for early life cohorts with an interventional focus. Methods: We searched PubMed, Medline, COMET, and CROWN for COS published before January 2021 relevant to four life stages (pregnancy, newborns, children <8 years, and parents (adults aged 18–50 years)). We synthesized core outcomes into overarching constructs. Results: From 46 COS we synthesized 414 core outcomes into 118 constructs. “Quality of life”, “adverse events”, “medication use”, “hospitalization”, and “mortality” were consistent across all stages. For pregnancy, common constructs included “preterm birth”, “delivery mode”, “pre-eclampsia”, “gestational weight gain”, “gestational diabetes”, and “hemorrhage”; for newborns, “birthweight”, “small for gestational age”, “neurological damage”, and “morbidity” and “infection/sepsis”; for pediatrics, “pain”, “gastrointestinal morbidity”, “growth/weight”, “breastfeeding”, “feeding problems”, “hearing”, “neurodevelopmental morbidity”, and “social development”; and for adults, “disease burden”, “mental health”, “neurological function/stroke”, and “cardiovascular health/morbidity”. Conclusion: This COS synthesis generated outcome constructs that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), relevant to life course research, and could position cohorts for trial capabilities. Impact: We synthesized existing Core Outcome Sets as a transparent methodology that could prioritize outcomes for lifecourse cohorts with an interventional focus.“Quality of life”, “adverse events”, “medication use”, “hospitalization”, and “mortality” are important outcomes across pregnancy, newborns, childhood, and early-to-mid-adulthood (the age range relevant to parents). Other common outcomes (such as “birthweight”, “cognitive function/ability”, “psychological health”) are also highly relevant to lifecourse research.This synthesis could assist new early life cohorts to pre-select outcomes that are of high value to stakeholders (participants, health providers, services), are relevant to lifecourse research, and could position them for future trials and interventional capability.
Observational study of birth outcomes in children with inborn errors of metabolism; Background: We examined the birth outcomes of children with inborn errors of metabolism detected at birth or later in life. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1733 children with inborn errors of metabolism and 1,033,693 unaffected children born in Canada between 2006 and 2019. Primary outcomes included preterm birth, low birth weight, congenital anomalies, and other neonatal complications. We estimated adjusted risk ratios (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of inborn errors of metabolism with each outcome. Results: Children with inborn errors of metabolism had 2.51 times the risk of preterm birth (95% CI 2.27–2.77) and 3.08 times the risk of low birth weight (95% CI 2.77–3.42) compared with unaffected children. Disorders of mineral and lipoprotein metabolism were more strongly associated with adverse birth outcomes. Inborn errors of metabolism were associated with congenital anomalies (RR 2.62; 95% CI 2.36–2.90), particularly abdominal wall defects (RR 8.35; 95% CI 5.18–13.44). Associations were present for errors of metabolism diagnosed both at birth and later in life. Conclusions: Children with inborn errors of metabolism, whether detected at birth or later, are at high risk of adverse birth outcomes and congenital anomalies. Impact: Inborn errors of metabolism may affect fetal development, but the association with adverse birth outcomes is not well characterized.This study indicates that children with inborn errors of metabolism are at risk of preterm birth, neonatal jaundice, congenital anomalies, and a range of other adverse birth outcomes.Mothers of children with inborn errors of metabolism are at risk of preeclampsia and cesarean delivery.Adverse birth outcomes may be a first sign of inborn errors of metabolism that merit increased screening.
Mother-child cardiometabolic health 4–10 years after pregnancy complicated by obesity with and without gestational diabetes; Objective: Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes (GDM) increase cardiometabolic disease risk but are difficult to disentangle. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that 4–10 years after a pregnancy complicated by overweight/obesity and GDM (OB-GDM), women and children would have greater adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health than those with overweight/obesity (OB) or normal weight (NW) and no GDM during the index pregnancy. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, mother-child dyads were stratified into three groups based on maternal health status during pregnancy (OB-GDM = 67; OB = 76; NW = 76). Weight, height, waist and hip circumferences, and blood pressure were measured, along with fasting glucose, insulin, HbA1c, lipids, adipokines, and cytokines. Results: Women in the OB and OB-GDM groups had greater current adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health outcomes than those in the NW group (p < 0.05). After adjusting for current adiposity, women in the OB-GDM group had higher HbA1c, glucose, HOMA-IR and triglycerides than NW and OB groups (p < 0.05). Among children, adiposity was greater in the OB-GDM versus NW group (p < 0.05), but other indices of cardiometabolic health did not differ. Conclusions: Poor cardiometabolic health in women with prior GDM is independent of current adiposity. Although greater adiposity among children exposed to GDM is evident at 4–10 years, differences in cardiometabolic health may not emerge until later.
Comparison of biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane, advanced oxidation protein products, and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30, in women with normal glucose tolerance and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: We aimed to compare the values of selected biomarkers of oxidative stress, 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP), and 8-hydroxy-2′-deoxyguanosine (8OHdG) and pro-apoptosis, cytokeratin 18 M30 (CK18 M30), in women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: The study included the following: NGT group, including pregnant women who were healthy and did not have a diabetic pregnancy (n=83) and GDM group, including pregnant women with GDM (n=69). The inclusion criteria were the following: being between the ages of 18–42, gestational age being 24–41 weeks, and the absence of labor. We collected perinatal clinical characteristics and measured serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8-OHdG, and CK18 M30. Results: Prepregnancy body mass index and gestational weight gain and rate of cesarean delivery of the GDM group were significantly higher compared to the NGT group (p<0.05). Compared to the NGT group, the median values of serum 8IsoP, AOPP, 8OHdG, and CK18 M30 in the GDM group were found as increased significantly [8IsoP: 194.5 (121.8–255.9) vs. (153.1 (123.7–178.5); (p=0.023)]; [AOPP: 3.7 (1.7–8.9) vs. (2.1 (0.8–6.4); (p=0.036)]; [8OHdG: 11.8 (6.9–31.3) vs. (6.8 (1–28.2); (p=0.042)]; and [CK18 M30: 2.4 (1.4–5.4) vs. (1.8 (1.13.6); (p=0.044)]. Conclusions: Women with GDM have increased oxidative stress presented by serum oxidized protein, lipid, and DNA biomarkers and pro-apoptosis demonstrated by CK18 M30. This supports the role of oxidized biomolecules in the pathogenesis of GDM. With piling data related to biomarkers changed into women with GDM, it will be possible to clarify the pathophysiology of GDM and its comorbidities.
Precision Medicine in Patients with Differential Diabetic Phenotypes: Novel Opportunities from Network Medicine; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) comprises differential clinical phenotypes rang-ing from rare monogenic to common polygenic forms, such as type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes, which are associated with cardiovascular complications. Also, the high--risk prediabetic state is rising worldwide, suggesting the urgent need for early personalized strategies to prevent and treat a hyperglycemic state. Objective: We aim to discuss the advantages and challenges of Network Medicine approaches in clarifying disease-specific molecular pathways, which may open novel ways for repurposing ap-proved drugs to reach diabetes precision medicine and personalized therapy. Conclusion: The interactome or protein-protein interactions (PPIs) is a useful tool to identify sub-tle molecular differences between precise diabetic phenotypes and predict putative novel drugs. De-spite being previously unappreciated as T2DM determinants, the growth factor receptor-bound protein 14 (GRB14), calmodulin 2 (CALM2), and protein kinase C-alpha (PRKCA) might have a rele-vant role in disease pathogenesis. Besides, in silico platforms have suggested that diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid, and valdecoxib may be suitable for the treatment of T1DM; phenoxy-benzamine and idazoxan for the treatment of T2DM by improving insulin secretion; and hydrox-ychloroquine reduce the risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) by counteracting inflammation. Network medicine has the potential to improve precision medicine in diabetes care and enhance personalized therapy. However, only randomized clinical trials will confirm the clinical utility of net-work-oriented biomarkers and drugs in the management of DM.
Type 2 Diabetes in Women: Differences and Difficulties; Background: Lifestyle modification, along with medication, has improved the quality of life of patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D), but the treatment of diabetes in women still lacks a gender-centric approach. Methods: Expert opinions to improve diabetes management in women were collated from the open discussion forum organized by the sixth Jothydev’s Professional Education Forum Diabetes Con¬vention, which included global diabetes care experts and the general public. The review is also based on the studies published in electronic databases such as PubMed and Google Scholar that dis¬cussed the problems and challenges faced by the Indian diabetes care sector in treating women with diabetes. Results: The complex interplay of biological, socioeconomic, psychosocial, and physiological fac¬tors in women with type 2 diabetes has not been well addressed to date. Biological factors such as neurohumoral pathways, sex hormones, genetic predisposition as well as gender-based environmen¬tal and behavioural differences must be considered for modern personalized diabetes treatment. Most importantly, pregnant women with diabetes deserve special attention. This vulnerable phase has a marked impact on the future health of both the mother and the offspring. Conclusion: The review provides an overview of the challenges and issues that exist in the clinical management of diabetes and its complications among women in India. Women-centric clinical ap¬proaches should be encouraged for the effective management of diabetes in Indian women.
Comparison of Parameters of Fetal Doppler Echocardiography Between Mothers with and Without Diabetes; Objectives: The current study aimed to compare fetal myocardial function and ventricular thickness in diabetic and normal preg-nancies. Methods: Women with singleton pregnancies in the second or third trimester who were referred for routine prenatal or anomaly ultrasounds within March 2020 to February 2021 were enrolled in the study. Women with a positive history of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were considered the case group (n = 50), and women without GDM were considered the control group (n = 50). The study did not include women with multifetal pregnancy, hypertension, intrauterine growth retardation, and polyhydramnios. A complete fetal Doppler echocardiography was performed to measure isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT), left myocardial performance index (MPI), E/A ratio, right and left ventricular wall thickness, and end-diastolic interventricular septal thickness (IVST). The data were analyzed using three types of decision tree (DT) algorithms, and the performance of each DT was measured on the testing dataset. Results: The frequency of IVRT > 41 milliseconds was significantly higher in the case group than in the control group. The mean MPI values were 0.53 ± 0.15 and 0.43 ± 0.09 (P < 0.05), respectively, and the mean IVST values were 3.3 ± 1.11 and 2.49 ± 0.55 mm (P < 0.05) in the case and control groups, respectively, but not different between the subjects with overt or GDM (P > 0.05). Additionally, in the case group, the mean left MPI values were 0.57 ± 0.18 and 0.49 ± 0.12 in participants with poor and good glycemic control, respectively (P = 0.12). Conclusions: Complete prenatal echocardiography performed in the second or third trimester is an appropriate tool for the diagnosis of fetal cardiac dysfunction in diabetic mothers and is suggested to perform for diabetic mothers, even those with good glycemic control.
Indications for intensive care unit treatment among neonates born to mothers with thyroid disease: A population-based cohort study; Introduction: Thyroid diseases in pregnancy are relatively common and are associated with adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes, increasing a neonate’s risk of admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). The aim of this study was to evaluate the indications for increased risk of NICU admission among the neonates of hypothyroid and hyperthyroid mothers. Material and methods: The study data consisted of all singleton deliveries (n = 734 773) between 2004 and 2016 in Finland collected from the Finnish Medical Birth Register. The odds of NICU admission (with 95% confidence intervals) were compared between the neonates of hypothyroid or hyperthyroid mothers and of mothers without any thyroid diseases by specified neonatal characteristics and morbidities using logistic regression analysis. The studied neonatal characteristics were preterm birth (<37+0 gestational weeks), low birthweight (<2500 g), the rate of small- and large-for-gestational age infants, and eight disease-specific neonatal outcomes: asphyxia, respiratory distress syndrome, meconium aspiration syndrome, pneumothorax, cardiovascular problems, infections, jaundice and hypoglycemia. Results: The most common indications for NICU care were principally the same in the neonates of the mothers with and without thyroid disease: respiratory distress syndrome, infections, preterm birth, low birthweight and neonatal hypoglycemia. The preterm neonates, neonates with low birthweight, and large-for-gestational-age infants had increased odds of NICU admission if their mother had hypothyroidism. Also neonates with cardiovascular problems, jaundice or hypoglycemia associated with maternal diabetes had increased odds of NICU admissions if their mother had hypothyroidism. Further, the preterm neonates, large-for-gestational-age infants, and term infants with jaundice had increased odds of NICU admission if their mother had hyperthyroidism. Conclusions: The most common indications for NICU care were similar for the neonates of the mothers with and without thyroid disease. However, the neonates of the mothers with thyroid diseases were more likely to need NICU care. The neonates of the mothers with thyroid diseases had higher odds of NICU treatment in cases of preterm birth, large for gestational age, and hypoglycemia.
Uncertain fetal head engagement: a prospective randomized controlled trial comparing digital exam with angle of progression; Background: Uncertain fetal head engagement represents 4% of obstetrical situations associated with an increased risk of postpartum hemorrhage, notably in cases of cesarean delivery and increased neonatal impairment owing to failed vaginal instrumental delivery. In this obstetrical condition, cesarean delivery is recommended, but vaginal delivery is possible in two-thirds of the cases. During the second stage of labor, the descent of the fetal head can be assessed by sonography, particularly by measuring the angle of progression. Objective: To evaluate, after a prolonged second stage of labor, the impact of measuring the angle of progression in addition to a digital examination on cesarean delivery rates when fetal head engagement remains uncertain. Study Design: This open multicenter randomized pragmatic trial included women at term with a singleton cephalic fetus in a clinical occiput anterior position after a prolonged 2-hour second stage of labor with uncertain fetal head engagement. After inclusion in the study, an independent investigator performed ultrasound systematically to confirm the occiput anterior position and measured the angle of progression at the climax of Valsalva pushing. This operator did not participate in labor management. In the study group but not in the control group, the angle of progression was communicated to the obstetrician in charge of labor management. Obstetricians were encouraged to attempt vaginal birth if the angle of progression was >120°. The primary outcome was the cesarean delivery rate. Secondary outcomes were operative delivery rate (cesarean delivery and operative vaginal delivery), maternal complications (third and fourth-degree perineal tears, failed vaginal instrumental delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, hysterectomy), and neonatal outcomes (Apgar score <5 at 10 minutes, umbilical arterial pH <7.10, neonatal wounds, neonatal intensive care unit admission). Results: A total of 45 women were included in the study. Occiput anterior position was confirmed in 33 women: 16 in the study group and 17 in the control group. Women's characteristics at baseline were similar between the groups. The median (range) angles of progression were similar: 138.4° (15) and 140.3° (16.9) in the study and control group, respectively. Cesarean delivery rates were 12.5% in the study group and 41.1% in the control group (P=.06). Secondary outcomes were similar between the 2 groups. No failed vaginal instrumental delivery was reported. Conclusion: Measurement of the angle of progression in addition to digital examination when fetal head engagement remained uncertain showed promising results in decreasing cesarean delivery rates. A larger multicenter randomized controlled trial is needed to confirm these results.
Placental vascular malperfusion lesions in fetal congenital heart disease; Background: Fetuses with congenital heart disease are at increased risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality, which is highly influenced by their prenatal health. Placental function is vital for the health of the fetus, but increased rates of pathologic lesions of the placenta have been observed in pregnancies complicated by fetal congenital heart disease. Objective: This study aimed to determine the prevalence of both gross and histologic placental pathologies in a cohort of pregnancies complicated by fetal congenital heart disease vs healthy controls using the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus Statement sampling and definitions of placental lesions. Study Design: This single-center retrospective cohort study included placental examinations from pregnancies diagnosed prenatally with fetal congenital heart disease between 2010 and 2019; moreover, control placentas were collected from pregnancies without maternal or fetal complications. Placentas were sampled and evaluated according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus Statement and gross and histopathologic diagnoses determined. Results: Approximately 80% of fetuses diagnosed with congenital heart disease (n=305) had a placental examination for comparison with controls (n=40). Of note, 239 placentas (78%) in the group with fetal congenital heart disease had at least 1 gross or histopathologic lesion compared with 11 placentas (28%) in the control group (P<.01). One-third of placentas complicated by fetal congenital heart disease met the criteria for small for gestational age, and 48% of placentas had one or more chronic lesions, including maternal vascular malperfusion (23% vs 0%; P<.01), villitis of unknown etiology (22% vs 0%; P<.01), fetal vascular malperfusion (20% vs 0%; P<.01), and other chronic lesions (16% vs 0%; P<.01). Acute inflammation was equally present in both the group with fetal congenital heart disease and the control group (28% vs 28%; P=1.00). Although gestational age and birthweight z score were similar between the 2 groups, birth head circumference was 1.5 cm less in pregnancies complicated by fetal congenital heart disease with a significantly lower z score compared with the control group (−0.52±1.22 vs 0.06±0.69; P<.01). Conclusion: Vascular malperfusion lesions and chronic forms of inflammation occur at markedly higher rates in placentas complicated by fetal congenital heart disease, which may contribute to the decreased head circumference at birth. Further work in neuroplacentology is needed to explore connections among cardiac defects, placental vascular malperfusion lesions, and fetal brain development.
Pancreatitis, pregestational diabetes and hyperchylomicronia in a pregnant woman with COVID-19; A 37-year-old pregnant woman, was diagnosed with acute pancreatitis whilst being infected with COVID-19. Additionally, she had a hyperchylomicronemia and an uncontrolled (most probably, pre-gestational) type 2 diabetes. The coronavirus is able to enter the pancreatic cells through ACE-2 receptors. On the pancreatic level, ACE2 receptor expression is present but not as abundant as on pulmonary level. However, with inflammation (due to hyperchylomicronemia), the ACE-2 receptor expression may change and hypothetically make the pancreas more susceptible for a Covid-19 surinfection. Here it is difficult to conclude whether the COVID-19 infection contributed substantially to the development of pancreatitis. Late term pregnancy, uncontrolled glycaemia and the heterozygote mutation in the GPIHBP1 gene (c.523G>C p; Gly175Arg), all contribute to increased TG levels, a principal factor in the development of pancreatitis. This case shows a rare but serious clinical presentation late in pregnancy that could have interesting consequences postpartum. (Acta gastroenterol. belg., 2022, 85, 637-639).
Subcapsular Liver Hematoma—A Life-Threatening Condition in Preterm Neonates—A Case Series and Systematic Review of the Literature; The subcapsular hematoma (SLH) of the liver is a rare finding in living infants. The clinical presentation of rupture is non-specific, with the signs of hypovolemic shock dominating. The causes are several, with prematurity, trauma and sepsis playing a leading role in the creation of an SHL. Umbilical vein catheterization and an increased bleeding tendency have also been associated with this usually fatal diagnosis. Abdominal ultrasonography, among other imaging methods, comprises the gold standard examination for early diagnosis. It should be differentiated from other possible causes of shock, such as sepsis and intraventricular hemorrhage, which have similar clinical presentation. We report a case series of three very low birth weight preterms (VLBW), with an SHL, during the first days of life, one of which survived from this usually catastrophic condition. A comprehensive review of the literature regarding this clinical entity was also conducted. A high index of suspicion is essential for early identification of such a case, with conservative or surgical treatment being the way to go.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus—Recent Literature Review; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as a state of hyperglycemia that is first recognized during pregnancy, is currently the most common medical complication in pregnancy. GDM affects approximately 15% of pregnancies worldwide, accounting for approximately 18 million births annually. Mothers with GDM are at risk of developing gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia and termination of pregnancy via Caesarean section. In addition, GDM increases the risk of complications, including cardiovascular disease, obesity and impaired carbohydrate metabolism, leading to the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in both the mother and infant. The increase in the incidence of GDM also leads to a significant economic burden and deserves greater attention and awareness. A deeper understanding of the risk factors and pathogenesis becomes a necessity, with particular emphasis on the influence of SARS-CoV-2 and diagnostics, as well as an effective treatment, which may reduce perinatal and metabolic complications. The primary treatments for GDM are diet and increased exercise. Insulin, glibenclamide and metformin can be used to intensify the treatment. This paper provides an overview of the latest reports on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of GDM based on the literature.
Mucopolysaccharidosis-Plus Syndrome: Report on a Polish Patient with a Novel VPS33A Variant with Comparison with Other Described Patients; Eleven patients from Yakutia with a new lysosomal disease assumed then as mucopolysaccharidosis-plus syndrome (MPS-PS) were reported by Gurinova et al. in 2014. Up to now, a total number of 39 patients have been reported; in all of them, the c.1492C>T (p.Arg498Trp) variant of the VPS33A gene was detected. Here, we describe the first Polish MPS-PS patient with a novel homozygous c.599G>C (p.Arg200Pro) VPS33A variant presenting over 12 years of follow-up with some novel clinical features, including fetal ascites (resolved spontaneously), recurrent joint effusion and peripheral edemas, normal growth, and visceral obesity. Functional analyses revealed a slight presence of chondroitin sulphate (only) in urine glycosaminoglycan electrophoresis, presence of sialooligosaccharides in urine by thin-layer chromatography, and normal results of lysosomal enzymes activity and lysosphingolipids concentration in dried blood spot. The comparison with other MPS-PS described cases was also provided. The presented description of the natural history of MPS-PS in our patient may broaden the spectrum of phenotypes in this disease.
Health care organization and use of technological devices in people with diabetes in Italy: Results from a survey of the Working Group on Diabetes and Technology; Background and aim: The use of technology offers recognized benefits to persons with diabetes. The aim of this study was to evaluate the organization of healthcare facilities, the composition of the diabetes team, and the use of Continuous Subcutaneous Insulin Infusion (CSII) and Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) in Italy. Methods and results: Diabetes care centers were asked to complete a web survey based on information collected in 2018. Sixty-one pediatric and 243 adult centers participated in the survey, accounting for 507,386 patients, mostly with type 2 diabetes (86.4%). Fifty-three percent of pediatric centers and 11% of adult centers reported a team composed of diabetologists, nurses, and psychologists. Overall, 13,204 patients (2.6%) were using CSII (95% with type 1 diabetes), and 28,936 (5.7%), were using CGM (74% with type 1 diabetes). When stratifying for the type of diabetes, 24% and 40.8% of patients with type 1 were using CSII and CGM, respectively, whereas low use of technology was reported for patients with type 2 and women with gestational diabetes. The percentage of adult and pediatric patients with type 1 diabetes on CSII and CGM was respectively 21% and 32%, and 35% and 57%. Conclusions: The spread of CGM and CSII increased in Italy between 2013 and 2018. However, the percentage of users is still lower than what is expected based on clinical indications for use of technology. The inadequate number of professionals in the diabetes care team and insufficient economic resources are relevant barriers to disseminating technology for diabetes management.
Effect of Exercise on the Resting Metabolic Rate and Substrate Utilization in Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Results of a Pilot Study; Regular physical activity during pregnancy has a positive effect on the mother and fetus. However, there is scarce data regarding the effect of exercise in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present parallel, non-randomized, open-label, pilot, clinical study was to examine the effect of two exercise programs on the resting metabolic rate (RMR) and substrate utilization in pregnancies complicated by GDM, compared with usual care (advice for the performance of exercise). Forty-three pregnant women diagnosed with GDM between the 24th and 28th gestational week, volunteered to participate. Three groups were formed: Usual care (n = 17), Walking (n = 14), and Mixed Exercise (n = 12). The Usual care group was given advice on maintaining habitual daily activities without any additional exercise. The Walking group exercised regularly by walking, in addition to the habitual daily activities. Finally, the Mixed Exercise group participated in a program combining aerobics and strength exercises. Training intensity was monitored continuously using lightweight, wearable monitoring devices. The Walking and Mixed Exercise groups participated in the training programs after being diagnosed with GDM and maintained them until the last week of gestation. RMR and substrate utilization were analyzed using indirect calorimetry for all participants twice: between 27th and 28th gestational week and as close as possible before delivery. No differences were observed between groups regarding body composition, age, and medical or obstetrical parameters before or after the exercise programs. RMR was increased after the completion of the exercise interventions in both the Walking (p = 0.001) and the Mixed Exercise arms (p = 0.002). In contrast, substrate utilization remained indifferent. In conclusion, regular exercise of moderate intensity (either walking, or a combination of aerobic and strength training) increases RMR in women with GDM compared to the lack of systematic exercise. However, based on the present, pilot data, these exercise regimes do not appear to alter resting substrate utilization.
Imbalanced Angiogenesis in Pregnancies Complicated by SARS-CoV-2 Infection; COVID-19 and preeclampsia (preE) share the ANG-II mediated endothelial dysfunction, resulting from a significant dysregulation of RAS and an imbalanced proportion of anti-angiogenic and pro-angiogenic soluble plasmatic factors. Of note, an increased incidence of preE has been reported among COVID-19-infected mothers compared to the general pregnant population. The two most promising angiogenic markers are the soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase receptor-1 (sFlt-1), the major antiangiogenic factor, and the placental growth factor (PlGF), a powerful angiogenic factor. Since these markers have proven useful in the prediction, diagnosis, and severity of preE, this study aimed to evaluate their maternal serum levels in pregnancies complicated by SARS-CoV-2 infection and to assess their potential use to guide the management of these women. A retrospective analysis of SARS-CoV-2-positive pregnant women was performed. The serum levels of sFlt-1 and PlGF were collected at the diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection at the hospital, before the beginning of steroid/hydroxychloroquine and/or antithrombotic therapy. The sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was stratified using cut-off values clinically utilized in the diagnosis and prediction of preE (low < 38, intermediate 38–85/110* and high >85/110*, * if before or after the 34th week of gestation). A total of 57 women were included, of whom 20 (35%) had signs and symptoms of COVID-19 at hospital presentation and 37 (65%) were asymptomatic. None were vaccinated. The mean gestational age at diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection was 32 weeks in symptomatic patients and 37 weeks and 5 days in asymptomatic ones (p = 0.089). sFlt-1 serum levels were higher in SARS-CoV-2 positive asymptomatic patients compared to women with COVID-19 related symptoms (4899 ± 4357 pg/mL vs. 3187 ± 2426 pg/mL, p = 0.005). sFlt-1/PlGF at admission was <38 in 18 of the 20 symptomatic women (90%) compared to 22 (59%) of the asymptomatic patients (p = 0.018). Of note, two of the three women admitted to the intensive care unit had a very low ratio (<2). In turn, rates of patients with sFlt-1/PlGF at admission > 85/110 were not significantly different between the two groups: 11% in asymptomatic patients (4/37) vs. none of the symptomatic patients (p = 0.286), and all of them presented a placental dysfunction, like preE (n = 1) and FGR (n = 3). Of note, there were no stillbirths or maternal or neonatal deaths among symptomatic patients; also, no cases of preE, FGR, or small for gestational age neonates were diagnosed. In conclusion, our data suggest that SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy could influence the angiogenic balance. A significant pathological alteration of the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio cannot be identified during the symptomatic phase; however, if left untreated, SARS-CoV-2 infection could potentially trigger placental dysfunction.
Nutritional Programming: History, Hypotheses, and the Role of Prenatal Factors in the Prevention of Metabolic Diseases—A Narrative Review; Childhood obesity and the numerous lifestyle diseases associated with it are undoubtedly among the key problems in modern medicine and public health. However, this problem concerns not only the present or immediate future, but also the longer term. Adult health is fundamentally shaped in the first years of life and in the fetal period. The preconceptual period, which is responsible for the proper preparation of the internal environment for the life and development of the fetus during pregnancy, is also significant. A special role in describing the phenomenon of conditioning the metabolism of the new human being is now attributed to the theory of nutritional programming. Research in this area was pioneered by David Barker, who put forward the theory of the “stunted phenotype” and described the relationship between a child’s birth weight, which is largely a consequence of the mother’s feeding behaviour, and diseases such as ischaemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes (T2D), dyslipidemia, or high blood pressure. This narrative review aims to provide an overview of the history, theory, and prenatal mechanisms involved in nutritional programming and its relationship to childhood obesity and other metabolic diseases.
Congenital Hyperinsulinaemic Hypoglycaemia—A Review and Case Presentation; Hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia (HH) is the most common cause of persistent hypoglycaemia in infants and children with incidence estimated at 1 per 50,000 live births. Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is symptomatic mostly in early infancy and the neonatal period. Symptoms range from ones that are unspecific, such as poor feeding, lethargy, irritability, apnoea and hypothermia, to more serious symptoms, such as seizures and coma. During clinical examination, newborns present cardiomyopathy and hepatomegaly. The diagnosis of CHI is based on plasma glucose levels <54 mg/dL with detectable serum insulin and C-peptide, accompanied by suppressed or low serum ketone bodies and free fatty acids. The gold standard in determining the form of HH is fluorine-18-dihydroxyphenyloalanine PET ((18)F-DOPA PET). The first-line treatment of CHI is diazoxide, although patients with homozygous or compound heterozygous recessive mutations responsible for diffuse forms of CHI remain resistant to this therapy. The second-line drug is the somatostatin analogue octreotide. Other therapeutic options include lanreotide, glucagon, acarbose, sirolimus and everolimus. Surgery is required in cases unresponsive to pharmacological treatment. Focal lesionectomy or near-total pancreatectomy is performed in focal and diffuse forms of CHI, respectively. To prove how difficult the diagnosis and management of CHI is, we present a case of a patient admitted to our hospital.
Current Insights into miRNA and lncRNA Dysregulation in Diabetes: Signal Transduction, Clinical Trials and Biomarker Discovery; Diabetes is one of the most frequently occurring metabolic disorders, affecting almost one tenth of the global population. Despite advances in antihyperglycemic therapeutics, the management of diabetes is limited due to its complexity and associated comorbidities, including diabetic neuropathy, diabetic nephropathy and diabetic retinopathy. Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs (miRNAs) and long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), are involved in the regulation of gene expression as well as various disease pathways in humans. Several ncRNAs are dysregulated in diabetes and are responsible for modulating the expression of various genes that contribute to the ‘symptom complex’ in diabetes. We review various miRNAs and lncRNAs implicated in diabetes and delineate ncRNA biological networks as well as key ncRNA targets in diabetes. Further, we discuss the spatial regulation of ncRNAs and their role(s) as prognostic markers in diabetes. We also shed light on the molecular mechanisms of signal transduction with diabetes-associated ncRNAs and ncRNA-mediated epigenetic events. Lastly, we summarize clinical trials on diabetes-associated ncRNAs and discuss the functional relevance of the dysregulated ncRNA interactome in diabetes. This knowledge will facilitate the identification of putative biomarkers for the therapeutic management of diabetes and its comorbidities. Taken together, the elucidation of the architecture of signature ncRNA regulatory networks in diabetes may enable the identification of novel biomarkers in the discovery pipeline for diabetes, which may lead to better management of this metabolic disorder.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy: Characteristics and outcomes among women seen at a referral hospital in Lusaka, Zambia; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) disproportionately affects women of African descent, however knowledge about this disease in African countries is limited. Objectives: To describe the phenotype of women with PPCM seen at a referral hospital in Zambia and examine outcomes at 6 months. Methods: A prospective observational study describing characteristics and 6-month outcomes was performed at the University Teaching Hospital Echocardiography Lab in Lusaka, Zambia. Results: We enrolled 45 participants with PPCM and 38 were seen at 6-month follow up; 3 (7 %) died and 4 (9 %) were lost to follow up. Mean age was 32.9 years (SD:7.0); mean BMI was 25.3 kg/m2 (SD:4.1), mean parity was 3.4 (SD:2.2) children and twin pregnancies occurred in 4 (9 %). Median time from symptom onset to diagnosis was 60 days (IQR: 1–280). 20 (44 %) reported gestational hypertension and 10 (22 %) reported preeclampsia. Baseline median left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) was 36 % (IQR: 11–45), median left ventricular end-diastolic volume (LVEDV) was 150 mL (IQR: 58–229) and 79 % described New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class IV symptoms. Median LVEF after 6 months was 49 % (IQR: 23–68; p < 0.001) and median LVEDV was 121 mL (IQR: 66–200; p < 0.001). At 6-month follow up 45 % had LVEF ≥ 50 %, 42 % had LVEDV ≤ 106 mL and 1 (3 %) had NYHA functional class IV symptoms. Conclusions: Hypertension was prevalent in this cohort. Overall mortality rate was low and clinically significant improvements in cardiac parameters were seen in over 40%. Further research is needed to identify and mitigate gaps in diagnosis and management.
Biomarker screening in preeclampsia: An RNA-sequencing approach based on data from multiple studies; Objective:Biomarkers have become important in the prognosis and diagnosis of various diseases. High-throughput methods, such as RNA sequencing facilitate the detection of differentially expressed genes (DEGs), hence potential biomarker candidates. Individual studies suggest long lists of DEGs, hampering the identification of clinically relevant ones. Concerning preeclampsia - a major obstetric burden with high risk for adverse maternal and/or neonatal outcomes - limitations in diagnosis and prediction are still important issues. We, therefore, developed a workflow to facilitate the screening for biomarkers.Methods:On the basis of the tool DESeq2, a comprehensive workflow for identifying DEGs was established, analyzing data from several publicly available RNA-sequencing studies. We applied it to four RNA-sequencing datasets (one blood, three placenta) analyzing patients with preeclampsia and normotensive controls. We compared our results with other published approaches and evaluated their performance.Results:We identified 110 genes that are dysregulated in preeclampsia, observed in at least three of the studies analyzed, six even in all four studies. These included FLT-1, TREM-1, and FN1, which either represent established biomarkers at protein level, or promising candidates based on recent studies. For comparison, using a published meta-analysis approach, 5240 DEGs were obtained.Conclusion:This study presents a data analysis workflow for preeclampsia biomarker screening, capable of identifying promising biomarker candidates, while drastically reducing the numbers of candidates. Moreover, we were also able to confirm its performance for heart failure. This approach can be applied to additional diseases for biomarker identification, and the set of DEGs identified in preeclampsia represents a resource for further studies.
Machine learning-based models for gestational diabetes mellitus prediction before 24–28 weeks of pregnancy: A review; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a hyperglycemia state that impairs maternal and offspring health, short and long-term. It is usually diagnosed at 24–28 weeks of pregnancy (WP), but at that time the fetal phenotype is already altered. Machine learning (ML)-based models have emerged as an auspicious alternative to predict this pathology earlier, however, they must be validated in different populations before their implementation in routine clinical practice. This review aims to give an overview of the ML-based models that have been proposed to predict GDM before 24–28 WP, with special emphasis on their current validation state and predictive performance. Articles were searched in PubMed. Manuscripts written in English and published before January 1, 2022, were considered. 109 original research studies were selected, and categorized according to the type of variables that their models involved: medical, i.e. clinical and/or biochemical parameters; alternative, i.e. metabolites, peptides or proteins, micro-ribonucleic acid molecules, microbiota genera, or other variables that did not fit into the first category; or mixed, i.e. both medical and alternative data. Only 8.3 % of the reviewed models have had validation in independent studies, with low or moderate performance for GDM prediction. In contrast, several models that lack of independent validation have shown a very high predictive power. The evaluation of these promising models in future independent validation studies would allow to assess their performance on different populations, and continue their way towards clinical implementation. Once settled, ML-based models would help to predict GDM earlier, initiate its treatment timely and prevent its negative consequences on maternal and offspring health.
COVID-19 PNEUMONIA: A CAUSE OF CAVITARY LUNG LESIONS; SESSION TITLE: Pathologies of the Post-COVID-19 World SESSION TYPE: Rapid Fire Case Reports PRESENTED ON: 10/18/2022 10:15 am - 11:10 am INTRODUCTION: Cavitary lung lesions are a relatively common finding on imaging with a vast differential diagnosis. CASE PRESENTATION: A 36-year-old female with history of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and obesity presented to an outside hospital for evaluation of acute onset shortness of breath and chest pain. The patient tested positive for COVID19 two weeks prior. She initially developed some mild symptoms including headache, nasal congestion, generalized body aches, cough with mild sputum production and shortness of breath. Despite improvement in these symptoms, she suddenly developed chest discomfort that radiated to the back and was worse with inspiration and cough. The patient had been fully vaccinated against COVID-19 and had received a booster dose as well. Upon evaluation in the emergency room, she was afebrile, respiratory rate was 20, blood pressure was 144/90 mmHg, heart rate was 88 and her oxygen saturation was 99% on room air. Her physical exam was unremarkable. Basic laboratory work up including CBC and chemistry was normal. EKG and troponins were normal as well. A chest x-ay was performed which showed bilateral nodular densities with possible cavitation. A CT chest was later performed and showed multiple bilateral subsolid pulmonary nodules, some with apparent central cavitation. The patient was admitted for further work up at our institution. The patient's subsequent evaluation was largely unrevealing. An autoimmune panel testing for SLE, rheumatoid arthritis, ANCA vasculitis, and Goodpasture's syndrome revealed only a weakly positive ANA with negative anti-DNA and anti-Smith antibody. HIV and QuantiFERON tests were negative. Blood cultures were negative as well. Unfortunately, the patient was not able to expectorate and therefore no sputum cultures were obtained. Due to the patient's clinical improvement and absence of hypoxemia, diagnostic bronchoscopy was deferred, and the patient was subsequently recommended to undergo short interval chest imaging. Repeat chest computed tomography scan one month later showed complete resolution of the previously seen cavitary pulmonary nodules. At the time of outpatient clinical follow up, the patient remained asymptomatic from a respiratory perspective. DISCUSSION: Cavitary pulmonary nodules on chest imaging is an atypical presentation of COVID19 pneumonia that has been rarely described in the literature. In our patient, the temporal correlation between her pulmonary nodules and COVID19 infection as well as her negative work up for other common infectious and inflammatory causes known to cause cavitary lung lesions, makes COVID19 the most plausible cause for her findings. The pathophysiology of these findings remains unclear but may be explained by endothelialitis and small vessel vasculitis may be implicated in the formation of these lesions. [1] CONCLUSIONS: We presented a rare case of cavitary pulmonary nodules due to COVID19 pneumonia. Reference #1: Ackermann M, Verleden SE, Kuehnel M, Haverich A, Welte T, Laenger F, Vanstapel A, Werlein C, Stark H, Tzankov A, Li WW, Li VW, Mentzer SJ, Jonigk D. Pulmonary Vascular Endothelialitis, Thrombosis, and Angiogenesis in Covid-19. N Engl J Med. 2020 Jul 9;383(2):120-128. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Karim Anis No relevant relationships by Carolyn Garcia
Pre-kidney Donation Pregnancy Complications and Long-term Outcomes; Background. Hypertension and diabetes are contraindications for living kidney donation in young candidates. However, little is known about the long-term outcomes of women who had these pregnancy-related complications and subsequently became donors. In the general population, gestational hypertension (GHtn), preeclampsia/eclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with long-term risks. Methods. Donors with the specified predonation complication were matched to contemporary control donors with pregnancies without the complication using nearest neighbor propensity score matching. Propensity scores were estimated using logistic regression with covariates for gravidity, blood pressure, glucose, body mass index, age, and creatinine at donation, donation year, race, relationship with recipient, and family history of disease. Long-term incidence of hypertension, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and reduced renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR] <30, eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m2) were compared between groups using proportional hazards models. Results. Of 1862 donors with predonation pregnancies, 48 had preeclampsia/eclampsia, 49 had GHtn without preeclampsia, and 43 had GDM. Donors had a long interval between first pregnancy and donation (median, 18.5 y; interquartile range, 10.6-27.5) and a long postdonation follow-up time (median, 18.0; interquartile range, 9.2-27.7 y). GHtn was associated with the development of hypertension (hazard ratio, 1.89; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-2.83); GDM was associated with diabetes (hazard ratio, 3.04; 95% confidence interval, 1.33-6.99). Pregnancy complications were not associated with eGFR <30 or eGFR <45 mL/min/1.73 m2. Conclusions. Our data suggest that women with predonation pregnancy-related complications have long-term risks even with a normal donor evaluation. Donor candidates with a history of pregnancy-related complications should be counseled about these risks.
American Association of Clinical Endocrinology Clinical Practice Guideline: Developing a Diabetes Mellitus Comprehensive Care Plan—2022 Update; Objective: The objective of this clinical practice guideline is to provide updated and new evidence-based recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes mellitus to clinicians, diabetes-care teams, other health care professionals and stakeholders, and individuals with diabetes and their caregivers. Methods: The American Association of Clinical Endocrinology selected a task force of medical experts and staff who updated and assessed clinical questions and recommendations from the prior 2015 version of this guideline and conducted literature searches for relevant scientific papers published from January 1, 2015, through May 15, 2022. Selected studies from results of literature searches composed the evidence base to update 2015 recommendations as well as to develop new recommendations based on review of clinical evidence, current practice, expertise, and consensus, according to established American Association of Clinical Endocrinology protocol for guideline development. Results: This guideline includes 170 updated and new evidence-based clinical practice recommendations for the comprehensive care of persons with diabetes. Recommendations are divided into four sections: (1) screening, diagnosis, glycemic targets, and glycemic monitoring; (2) comorbidities and complications, including obesity and management with lifestyle, nutrition, and bariatric surgery, hypertension, dyslipidemia, retinopathy, neuropathy, diabetic kidney disease, and cardiovascular disease; (3) management of prediabetes, type 2 diabetes with antihyperglycemic pharmacotherapy and glycemic targets, type 1 diabetes with insulin therapy, hypoglycemia, hospitalized persons, and women with diabetes in pregnancy; (4) education and new topics regarding diabetes and infertility, nutritional supplements, secondary diabetes, social determinants of health, and virtual care, as well as updated recommendations on cancer risk, nonpharmacologic components of pediatric care plans, depression, education and team approach, occupational risk, role of sleep medicine, and vaccinations in persons with diabetes. Conclusions: This updated clinical practice guideline provides evidence-based recommendations to assist with person-centered, team-based clinical decision-making to improve the care of persons with diabetes mellitus.
Outcomes of preterm neonates with patent ductus arteriosus: A retrospective review from a tertiary care hospital; The management of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in preterm neonates remains controversial. A retrospective review was conducted to determine the outcomes in preterm neonates with PDA. Data of neonates admitted to the Aga Khan University Hospital from January 2012 to December 2016 were retrieved from patient records. Of the 208 neonates included in the study, 143 (68.7%) received no treatment, while 65 (31.2%) underwent pharmacotherapy and/or surgical ligation for PDA closure. PDA closure was spontaneous in 109 (52.4%) neonates. The mean ±SD gestational age (GA) of neonates with spontaneous ductal closure was greater as compared to those who required some form of treatment [33±3.3 vs 29.7±3.1weeks, p=0.001]. Apnoea (OR:4.47; 95% CI:1.21-16.44), sepsis (OR:3.81; 95% CI:1.33-10.87), pulmonary haemorrhage (OR:4.88; 95% CI:1.24-19.19), and lower APGAR (OR:0.69; 95% CI:0.54-0.90) were associated with higher odds of mortality in our cohort. Our findings demonstrate that PDA resolves spontaneously in most preterm neonates and provide evidence that conservative treatment is not associated with mortality.
SURGICAL OUTCOMES IN INFANTS WITH MAJOR CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE EXPOSED TO MATERNAL DIABETES IN UTERO; Background: Previous studies have shown that preterm birth, low birth weight, and maternal gestational weight gain influence surgical outcomes in infants with congenital heart disease (CHD). Rodent models of maternal diabetes (DM) and fetal hypoxia suggest these prenatal exposures are associated with increased risk of myocardial ischemic reperfusion injury (IRI). Whether maternal DM impacts surgical outcomes of infants with CHD, particularly those requiring cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB), and whether this relates to greater IRI, has not been explored. Methods and Results: Infants of mothers with DM (IDMs) undergoing CPB at < 1 year were identified and matched with infants whose mothers did not have DM, for surgical intervention, age at surgery, sex, gestational age at birth, being small for gestational age (SGA), and having genetic syndromes (trisomy 21 and 22q11.2 deletion syndrome). Outcomes included postoperative intensive care unit (ICU) and hospital lengths of stay (LOS) and measures indicative of greater IRI (Table). DM subtypes were combined for the main analyses and then separated into gestational (GDM) and pregestational DM. Surgeries were coded using the Risk Adjustment for Congenital Heart Surgery (RACHS) scale and pooled into Groups 1-3 (A) and 4-6 (B). Eighty IDMs and 149 controls were included, 188 in RACHS A and 41 in RACHS B subgroups. IDM and control groups were statistically indistinguishable in most baseline characteristics except: DM mothers were older (33±6 vs 30±6 years, P< 0.001) and more likely to deliver via Caesarean section (49% vs 34%, P=0.03), and IDMs were born earlier (37±2 vs 38±2 weeks, P< 0.001). Within each RACHS group, there were no significant differences in outcomes between IDMs and controls (Table). IDMs exposed to GDM exhibited trends towards similar or even better outcomes after surgery (IDMs vs controls; Group A ICU LOS: 3±3 vs 4±3 days, P=0.02; Group B highest glucose: 13.4±2.0 vs 16.7±3.0 mmol/L, P=0.01), while IDMs of pregestational DM mothers exhibited signs of worse outcomes in Group A (hospital LOS: 20±29 vs 10±7 days, P=0.046; highest urea: 11.0±4.4 vs 8.4±4.2 mmol/L, P=0.04) with trends towards worse outcomes in Group B (PRISM score: 16±9 vs 10±5, P=0.11; highest glucose: 16.7±1.3 vs 14.3±2.7 mmol/L, P=0.06). Conclusion: Though there were no significant differences in surgical outcomes between all IDMs and controls, exposure to pregestational DM but not GDM may contribute to worse outcomes. More work is needed in a larger, prospective longitudinal cohort with pre-defined variables to verify these trends. [Formula presented]
Cost of cardiovascular diseases and renal complications in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: A retrospective analysis of claims database; Background The burden of macro- and microvascular complications in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is substantial in Middle East countries. The current study assessed the healthcare resource utilization (HCRU) and costs related to cardiovascular and renal complications among patients with T2DM. Methodology This non-interventional, longitudinal, retrospective, cohort study collected secondary data from three insurance claims databases across Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) of patients diagnosed with T2DM. The study included adult patients aged ≥18 years diagnosed with first cardiovascular disease (CVD) during index time period and at least one T2DM claim anytime during the study time period. The primary analyses were conducted per database, stratified by three cohorts; patients with at least one claim every six months during the 1-year pre-index and 1-year post-index period (cohort 1), patients with at least one claim every six months during the 1-year pre-index, and two years post-index period (cohort 2) and patients with at least one claim every six months during the 1-year pre-index and 3-year post-index period (cohort 3). For each Payer database, demographics, CVD subgroups, HCRU, and costs were analysed. Descriptive statistics were used to analyse the data. Results The study sample comprised of 72–78% male and 22–28% female T2DM patients with CVD and renal complications. Patients in the age group of 35–65 years or above contributed to the significant disease burden. Nearly 68 to 80% of T2DM patients developed one CVD event, and 19 to 31% of patients developed multiple CVD events during the follow-up period. For most patients with comorbid CVD and renal disease, the average HCRU cost for post-index periods was higher compared to 1-year pre-index period across the different visit types and activities. Conclusion The study findings elucidates the need for early initiation of therapies that would reduce the long-term cardiovascular and renal outcomes and the associated costs in patients with T2DM.
Outcome of Active versus Expectant Management in Preterm Premature Rupture of Membranes between 34 weeks to 36 weeks Six days: A Retrospective Study; Introduction: An important cause of neonatal morbidity and mortality is the prelabour Preterm Rupture of the Membranes (PPROM) which refers to, the rupture of the membranes before 37 weeks. There are two modes of managing PPROM, active management (immediate delivery) and expectant management (therapy directed toward extending the pregnancy to improve neonatal outcome). Aim: To compare neonatal outcomes following active and expectant (conservative) management in PPROM cases from 34 weeks to 36 weeks six days. Materials and methods: This retrospective study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at Government Medical College (tertiary care teaching hospital), Thiruvananthapuram Kerala, India, from February 2021 to July 2021. The data collection period was from January 2013 to December 2014. PPROM cases between 34 weeks and 36 weeks and six days were retrospectively studied. A total of 62 patients among the Active Management (AM) group and 62 patients among the Expected Management (EM) group were selected. The neonatal outcomes (respiratory distress syndrome, hypoglycaemia, neonatal sepsis) and maternal outcomes (caesarean section, chorioamnionitis) were compared. The latency period in conservative management and in active management was also compared. The data was analysed using the Chi-square test. Results: In the AM group, 13 (21%) babies had respiratory distress syndrome, whereas, in the EM group it was 4 (6.5%) (p-value=0.019). In the AM group, 13 (21%) babies had hypoglycaemia, whereas, in the EM group, it was 5 (8.1%) (p-value=0.041). In the AM group, 3 (4.8%) women had signs and symptoms of chorioamnionitis, whereas, in the EM group, it was 7 (11.3%) (p-value=0.187). In the AM group, 16 (25.8%) of women had Caesarean section, whereas, in EM it was 9 (14.5%) (p-value=0.117). In AM group, 1 (1.6%) has neonatal sepsis and in EM it was 3 (4.8%) p-value=0.309. The latency period in conservative management was 119.5±31 hours and in active management, it was 51.5±13.2 hours. Conclusion: The present study indicated that expectant management of PROM between 34 weeks to 36 weeks and six days leads to a statistically significant reduction of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome and hypoglycaemia.
A Clinical Update on Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) traditionally refers to abnormal glucose tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM has long been associated with obstetric and neonatal complications primarily relating to higher infant birthweight and is increasingly recognized as a risk factor for future maternal and offspring cardiometabolic disease. The prevalence of GDM continues to rise internationally due to epidemiological factors including the increase in background rates of obesity in women of reproductive age and rising maternal age and the implementation of the revised International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups' criteria and diagnostic procedures for GDM. The current lack of international consensus for the diagnosis of GDM reflects its complex historical evolution and pragmatic antenatal resource considerations given GDM is now 1 of the most common complications of pregnancy. Regardless, the contemporary clinical approach to GDM should be informed not only by its short-term complications but also by its longer term prognosis. Recent data demonstrate the effect of early in utero exposure to maternal hyperglycemia, with evidence for fetal overgrowth present prior to the traditional diagnosis of GDM from 24 weeks' gestation, as well as the durable adverse impact of maternal hyperglycemia on child and adolescent metabolism. The major contribution of GDM to the global epidemic of intergenerational cardiometabolic disease highlights the importance of identifying GDM as an early risk factor for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, broadening the prevailing clinical approach to address longer term maternal and offspring complications following a diagnosis of GDM.
Impact of maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation in pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To compare longitudinal maternal hemodynamic changes throughout gestation between different groups stratified according to weight at presentation and assess the relative influence of height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain on cardiac adaptation. METHODS: This was a prospective, longitudinal study assessing maternal hemodynamics using bioreactance technology at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6, 19 + 0 to 24 + 0, 30 + 0 to 34 + 0 and 35 + 0 to 37 + 0 weeks' gestation. Women were divided into three groups according to maternal weight at presentation at the first visit at 11 + 0 to 13 + 6 weeks: Group 1, < 60.0 kg (n = 421); Group 2, 60.0-79.7 kg (n = 904); Group 3, > 79.7 kg (n = 427). A multilevel linear mixed-effects model was used to compare the repeated measures of hemodynamic variables, correcting for demographics, medical and obstetric history, pregnancy complications, maternal weight and time of evaluation. The linear mixed-effects model was then repeated using maternal height, weight at presentation and gestational weight gain Z-scores, and the standardized coefficients were used to evaluate the relative impact of each of these demographic parameters on longitudinal changes of maternal hemodynamics. RESULTS: Compared with Group 1, women in Group 3 demonstrated higher cardiac output (CO), heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) throughout pregnancy. Groups 2 and 3 had higher stroke volume (SV) than Group 1 at the first visit, but their SV plateaued between the first and second visits and demonstrated an earlier significant decrease from the second visit to the third visit when compared with Group 1. Compared with Groups 1 and 2, there was a higher prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes in Group 3. Maternal height was the most important contributor to CO, peripheral vascular resistance (PVR), SV and HR, while weight at presentation was the most important contributor to MAP. Gestational weight gain was the second most important characteristic influencing the longitudinal changes of PVR and SV. CONCLUSIONS: Women with greater weight at presentation have a pathological hemodynamic profile, with higher CO, HR and MAP compared to women with lower weight at presentation. Height is the main determinant of CO, SV, HR and PVR, weight is the main determinant of MAP, and gestational weight gain is the second most important determinant of SV and PVR. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions and outcomes in a United States Medicaid population; Objective This study aims to examine the incidence of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions and severe cardiovascular outcomes, and their relationship in US Medicaid-funded women. Methods Medicaid is a government-sponsored health insurance programme for low-income families in the USA. We report the incidence of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions (hypertensive disorders and diabetes in, or complicated by, pregnancy) and severe cardiovascular outcomes (myocardial infarction, stroke, acute heart failure, cardiomyopathy, cardiac arrest, ventricular fibrillation, ventricular tachycardia, aortic dissection/aneurysm and peripheral vascular disease) among Medicaid-funded women with a birth (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10-CM) diagnosis code O80 or O82) over the period January 2015-June 2019, from the states of Georgia, Ohio and Indiana. In this cross-sectional cohort, we examined the relationship between pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions and severe cardiovascular outcomes from pregnancy through to 60 days after birth using multivariable models. Results Among 74 510 women, mean age 26.4 years (SD 5.5), the incidence per 1000 births of pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions was 224.3 (95% CI 221.3 to 227.3). The incidence per 1000 births of severe cardiovascular conditions was 10.8 (95% CI 10.1 to 11.6). Women with pregnancy-related cardiometabolic conditions were at greater risk of having a severe cardiovascular condition with an age-Adjusted OR of 3.1 (95% CI 2.7 to 3.5). Conclusion This US cohort of Medicaid-funded women have a high incidence of severe cardiovascular conditions during pregnancy. Cardiometabolic conditions of pregnancy conferred threefold higher odds of severe cardiovascular outcomes.
Early life programming of health and disease: The long-term consequences of obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of overweight and obesity is rising in all parts of the world and, among young women, it presents a very clear danger during pregnancy. Women who are overweight or who gain excessive weight during pregnancy are at greater risk of complications in pregnancy and labour, and are more likely to lose their child to stillbirth or die themselves during pregnancy. This narrative review considers the evidence that, in addition to increasing risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, obesity has the capacity to programme foetuses to be at greater risk of cardiometabolic disorders later in life. An extensive body of evidence from prospective and retrospective cohorts, as well as record linkage studies, demonstrates associations of maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes with cardiovascular disease, as well as type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Studies in animals suggest that these associations are underpinned by adaptations that occur in foetal life, which remodel the structures of major organs, including the brain, kidney and pancreas.
Erratum: SOGC Guideline Retirement Notice No. 2 (Journal of obstetrics and gynaecology Canada : JOGC = Journal d'obstetrique et gynecologie du Canada : JOGC PII: S1701-2163(22)00598-9); These documents have been archived because they contain outdated information. They should not be consulted for clinical use, but for historical research only. Please visit the journal website for the most recent guidelines. The Use of Magnetic Resonance Imaging in the Obstetric Patient [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 36 (2014) 349-355] AUTHORS Yves Patenaude, MD, Sherbrooke, QC Denise Pugash, MD, Vancouver, BC Kenneth Lim, MD, Vancouver, BC Lucie Morin, MD, Montreal, QC The Role of Surgery in Endometrial Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 370-371] AUTHORS Christopher Giede, MD, Saskatoon, SK Tien Le, MD, Ottawa, ON Patti Power, MD, St John's, NL Female Genital Cutting [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 1028-1045] AUTHORS Liette Perron, MSW, Ottawa, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Margaret Burnett, MD, Winnipeg, ON Victoria Davis, MD, Scarborough, ON Technical Update on Pessary Use [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 664-674] AUTHORS Magali Robert, MD, Calgary, AB Jane A. Schulz, MD, Edmonton, AB Marie-Andrée Harvey, MD, Kingston, ON Cancer Chemotherapy and Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 263-278] AUTHORS Gideon Koren, MD, Toronto, ON Nathalie Carey, BSc, Toronto, ON Robert Gagnon, MD, Montréal, QC Cynthia Maxwell, MD, Toronto, ON Irena Nulman, MD, Toronto, ON Vyta Senikas, MD, Ottawa, ON Current Status in Non-Invasive Prenatal Detection of Down Syndrome, Trisomy 18, and Trisomy 13 Using Cell-Free DNA in Maternal Plasma [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) 177-181] AUTHORS Sylvie Langlois, MD, Vancouver, BC Jo-Ann Brock, MD, Halifax, NS Mifepristone [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 235] The Presence of a Third Party During Breast and Pelvic Examinations [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 237] Midwifery [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 239] Emergency Contraception [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 673-678] Tension-Free Vaginal Tape (TVT) Procedure [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 692-694] Uterine Fibroid Embolization (UFE) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 899-911] AUTHORS Guylaine G. Lefebvre, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Murray Asch, MD, Oshawa, ON The Prevention of Early-Onset Neonatal Group B Streptococcal Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 826-832] AUTHORS Deborah M. Money, MD, FRCSC, Vancouver, BC Simon Dobson, MD, FRCPC, Vancouver, BC Cell-Free Fetal DNA in the Maternal Circulation and its Future Uses in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 54-57] AUTHOR R. Douglas Wilson, MD, Philadelphia, PA Cystic Fibrosis Carrier Testing in Pregnancy in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 644-647] Amniocentesis and Women with Hepatitis B, Hepatitis C, or Human Immunodeficiency Virus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 145-148] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 250-262] Management of the Third Stage of Labour to Prevent Postpartum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 952-953] Cervical Cancer Prevention in Low-Resource Settings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 205-206] Hirsutism: Evaluation and Treatment [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 62-67] Breast Cancer, Pregnancy, and Breastfeeding [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 164-171] Parvovirus B19 Infection in Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 727-734] Diversity [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1042] Conflict of Interest [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 1044] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 347-387] School-Based and School-Linked Sexual Health Education and Promotion in Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 596-600] Gestational Trophoblastic Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 434-439] FIGO Professional and Ethical Responsibilities Concerning Sexual and Reproductive Rights [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1097-1099] FIGO / ICM Global Initiative to Prevent Post-Partum Hemorrhage [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 1102] Intimate Partner Violence Consensus Statement [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 365-388] The Management of Nausea and Vomiting of Pregnancy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 817-823] Canadian Contraception Consensus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 143-156] Present Role of Stem Cells for Fetal Genetic Therapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1038-1042] Amended Canadian Guideline for Prenatal Diagnosis (2005) Change to 2005-Techniques for Prenatal Diagnosis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 1048-1054] Umbilical Cord Blood Banking: Implications for Perinatal Care Providers [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 263-274] Breast Cancer and Abortion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 491] AUTHOR Robert H. Lea, MD, Halifax, NS Postural Health in Women: The Role of Physiotherapy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 493-500] AUTHORS S.J. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC J.V. Cole, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Isherwood, BScPT, Vancouver, BC M.M. Sran, PT, BScPT, Vancouver, BC N. Britnell, BScPT, Vancouver, BC S. Burgi, BScPT, Vancouver, BC G. Candido, BScPT, Vancouver, BC L. Watson, BScPT, Vancouver, BC The Management of Uterine Leiomyomas [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 396-405] Guidelines for Vaginal Birth after Previous Caesarean Birth [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 660-670] Fetal Health Surveillance in Labour [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 342-348] Number of Births to Maintain Competence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 359] Sexual Abuse by Physicians [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 862] The Use of First Trimester Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 864-869] Use of Hormonal Replacement Therapy After Treatment of Breast Cancer [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 26 (2004) 49-54] Obstetric Ultrasound Biological Effects and Safety [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 572-575] Fetal Soft Markers in Obstetric Ultrasound [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 592-612] Maternal Transport Policy [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 956-959] Choice of Surgery for Stress Incontinence [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 27 (2005) 964-971] The Use of Fetal Doppler in Obstetrics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 601-607] Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 894-903] Hormone Replacement Therapy and Cardiovascular Disease [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 577-579] Providing Opinion for Medico-Legal Cases [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 24 (2002) 590-592] Antenatal Corticosteroid Therapy for Fetal Maturation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 25 (2003) 45-48] Mastalgia [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 49-57] AUTHORS Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB Elizabeth Saettler, MD, Winnipeg, MB Beth Szuck, BA, HEc, CACE, RD, Winnipeg, MB Pregnancy Outcomes After Assisted Reproductive Technology [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 220-233] AUTHORS Victoria M. Allen, MD, MSc, Halifax, NS R. Douglas Wilson, MD, MSc, Philadelphia, PA Canadian Contraception Consensus-Update on Depot Medroxyprogesterone Acetate (DMPA) [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 305-308] AUTHOR Amanda Black, MD, Ottawa, ON Guidelines for Training Requirements in Colposcopy and its Related Treatment Modalities [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 314-316] AUTHOR Susan M. McFaul, MD, Ottawa, ON Pelvic Examinations by Medical Trainees [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 320-321] AUTHORS Kimberly E. Liu, MD, Edmonton, AB Deborah Robertson, MD, Montréal, QC Glenn Posner, MDCM, Ottawa, ON Sukhbir S. Singh, MD, London, ON Lawrence Oppenheimer, MD, Ottawa, ON Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 540-545] AUTHOR Line Leduc, MD, Montréal, QC Progesterone-Only and Non-Hormonal Contraception in the Breast Cancer Survivor: Joint Review and Committee Opinion of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada and the Society of Gynecologic Oncologists of Canada [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 616-626] AUTHORS Jenna McNaught, MD, Winnipeg, MB Robert L. Reid, MD, Kingston, ON Breast Self-Examination [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 728-730] AUTHOR Vera Rosolowich, RN, SCM, IBCLC, Winnipeg, MB The Physician Expert in Legal Proceedings [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 913-915] AUTHORS Titus Owolabi, MD, Toronto, ON George Vilos, MD, Toronto, ON Induced Abortion Guidelines [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 28 (2006) 1014-1027] AUTHOR Victoria Jane Davis, MD Health Professionals Working With First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Consensus Guideline [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S1-S4] AUTHORS Don Wilson, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Hellisuk Nation, Comox, BC Sandra de la Ronde, MD, FRCSC (Co-chair), Ottawa, ON Simon Brascoupé, Kitigan Zibi Anishinabeg, Ottawa, ON Alisha Nicole Apale, MSc, Ottawa, ON Lucy Barney, RN, MSN, Lillooet Nation, Vancouver, BC Bing Guthrie, MD, FRCSC, Yellowknife, NT Elizabeth Harrold, RN, Vancouver, BC Ojistoh Horn, MD, CCFP, Mohawk, Kahnawake, QC Robin Johnson, MD, FRCSC, Esdilagh, First Nation, Williams Lake, BC Darrien Rattray, MD, Tahltan, Halifax, NS Nicole Robinson, MA, Ottawa, ON Introduction [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S5-S6] Chapter 1 Definitions [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S7-S8] Chapter 2 Demographics [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S9-S12] Chapter 3 Social Determinants of Health Among First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S13-S23] Chapter 4 Health Systems, Policies, and Services for First Nations, Inuit, and Métis [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S24-S27] Chapter 5 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Women's Sexual and Reproductive Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S28-S32] Chapter 6 First Nations, Inuit, and Métis Maternal Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S33-S36] Chapter 7 Mature Women's Health [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S37] Chapter 8 Changing Outcomes Through Culturally Competent Care [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S38-S41] Chapter 9 Conclusion [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S42-S43] Chapter 10 Case Studies [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S44-S47] Appendix 1. Apology for the Forced Relocation of Inukjuak and Pond Inlet Families [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S48] Appendix 2. Apology for the Residential School System [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S49] Appendix 3. Avoiding Re-Traumatization of Sexual Abuse/Assault Victims During the Birthing Process [J Obstet Gynaecol Can 35 (2013) S50].
Exploring the LOng-term Outcomes following a PrEgancy affected by gestational diabetes: ELOPE-GDM project; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and resolving after birth. GDM is known to be associated with an increased risk of adverse outcomes during pregnancy and birth, and there is consistent evidence to suggest a strong association between GDM and progression to T2DM later in life. However, the risks of developing other health conditions and the healthcare usage and costs of caring for GDM women (beyond pregnancy) are not known. In this project we will quantify the long-term health risks of GDM and estimate the economic and healthcare costs attributed to GDM. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Using QResearch database, we will extract electronic primary care patient records linked with hospital episode statistics (HES), of women with at least one singleton delivery between 1 January 2000 and 7 August 2021. Exposure will be diagnosis of GDM in any pregnancy. Cases will be matched with up to four control records of women who have never received a diagnosis of GDM, matched on maternal age and delivery (+/-3 mo). Women will be followed-up from the delivery until an outcome of interest, death or transfer out of the practice that shares data. We will analyse the risk GDM poses for a range of clinical conditions e.g type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, depression, cancer. We will also extract information on the total number and type of consultations, prescriptions, diagnostic tests and treatments to estimate healthcare costs attributed to GDM. RESULTS: We have identified records of 49,477 women with GDM, and these were matched with 170,335 unique maternal records, making-up the control group. Women who received a diagnosis of GDM had higher pre-pregnancy BMI, and a greater proportion reported to be Asian, African or Chinese backgrounds compared with the control women. Analysis on clinical outcomes is currently in progress and preliminary results will be presented. CONCLUSION: The results will provide information which is important to women who are pregnant or planning pregnancy and their families, it will inform the development of clinical guidelines and help commissioners to judge the cost-effectiveness of potential new pathways of care which may help prevent and treat GDM more effectively.
Expert consensus on relevant risk predictors for the occurrence of cardiometabolic complications in pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: Obesity increases the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including de novo gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. Early intervention with lifestyle treatment can prevent development or lessen severity of GDM and HDP, and reduce long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, diagnosis of GDM and HDP occurs in the second-third trimester, and there is currently poor identification of high-risk women in early pregnancy. There is also no risk prediction model encompassing both GDM and HDP complications. The aim of this e-Delphi study was to reach an expert consensus on key predictors for cardiometabolic complications (GDM and HDP) in early pregnancy. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A narrative review was used to identify existing risk prediction models for GDM and HDP (1). Predictors used in these models were presented to key stakeholders (patient representatives, researchers and clinicians) for prioritisation using a two-round modified Delphi method (two e-surveys and one online consensus meeting). A priori consensus criteria informed which predictors were brought forward for discussion at the consensus meeting where the list of predictors was finalised. Discussions focused on the importance (clinically relevant and statistically significant), feasibility (easily and conveniently measured) and acceptability (suitable and appropriate to collect) of predictors. RESULTS: The narrative review identified 18 GDM and 15 HDP prediction models. From these models 15 predictors were presented to stakeholders in round 1. All 15 predictors were brought forward from round 1 and eight additional predictors were nominated by stakeholders and discussed at the consensus meeting. Round 1 was completed by 31 stakeholders, 45% (14/31) of whom completed round 2. Twelve predictors were included in the final list, consisting of 10 maternal history predictors (age, body mass index, parity, ethnicity, history hypertension, history diabetes, family history diabetes, history polycystic ovary syndrome, history macrosomia, history chronic kidney disease), one biochemical predictor (blood glucose) and one hae-modynamic predictor (systolic blood pressure). Excluded predictors were viewed as impractical to collect in the clinical setting due to variability of measurement (e.g. waist circumference) and training required to ensure accuracy (e.g. uterine artery pulsatility index). CONCLUSION: This final list of predictors will be used to develop a risk prediction model for early pregnancy that facilitates timely intervention. Incorporating clinical knowledge and consumer perspectives in the early phase of predictor selection ensures that the risk prediction model is clinically useful with good practical performance, generating a tool that can be more easily integrated into routine care.
Analysis of “true extrauterine growth retardation” and related factors in very preterm infants—A multicenter prospective study in China; Objective: To investigate the incidence and related factors of extrauterine growth retardation (EUGR) and “true EUGR” in very preterm infants (VPI) from different regions of China. Materials and methods: Clinical data of VPI were prospectively collected from 28 hospitals in seven different regions of China from September 2019 to December 2020. The infants were divided into a small for gestational age (SGA) group or non-SGA group at birth, with non-SGA infants at 36 weeks of gestation or at discharge being further divided into a EUGR group or a non-EUGR group. Infants in the EUGR and non-SGA group were defined as “true EUGR.” The general information of VPI, such as maternal complications during pregnancy, use of enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition, and complications during hospitalization were compared between the groups. Results: Among the 2,514 VPI included in this study, 47.3, 41.5, and 33.3% of VPI were below the 10th percentile, and 22.6, 22.4, and 16.0% of VPI were below the 3rd percentile for weight, height, and head circumference at 36 weeks of gestation or at discharge, respectively, by the percentile on the 2013 Fenton curve. The incidences of EUGR and “true EUGR” evaluated by weight were 47.3 and 44.5%, respectively. Univariate analysis showed that there were statistically significant differences in the aspects of perinatal and nutritional characteristics, treatment, and complications between the groups. Multivariate analysis showed that in non-SGA infants, the cumulative caloric intake during the first week was a protective factor for “true EUGR,” while days to reach total enteral nutrition, late initiation of human milk fortifier, and moderate to severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia were independent risk factors for “true EUGR.” Conclusion: More attention should be paid to the nutritional management of VPI to prevent “true EUGR.” Cumulative caloric intake should be ensured and increased during the first week, total enteral nutrition should be achieved as early as possible, human milk fortifier should be added early, and moderate to severe bronchopulmonary dysplasia should be prevented. These strategies are very important for reducing the incidence of “true EUGR” in VPI.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and onset of chronic hypertension in France: The nationwide CONCEPTION study; Aims: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are a leading cause of maternal and foetal morbidity and mortality. We aimed to estimate the impact of HDP on the onset of chronic hypertension in primiparous women in the first years following childbirth. Methods and results: This nationwide cohort study used data from the French National Health Data System (SNDS). All eligible primiparous women without pre-existing chronic hypertension who delivered between 2010 and 2018 were included. Women were followed up from six weeks post-partum until onset of hypertension, a cardiovascular event, death, or the study end date (31 December 2018). The main outcome was a diagnosis of chronic hypertension. We used Cox models to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) of chronic hypertension for all types of HDP. Overall, 2 663 573 women were included with a mean follow-up time of 3.0 years. Among them, 180 063 (6.73%) had an HDP. Specifically 66 260 (2.16%) had pre-eclampsia (PE) and 113 803 (4.27%) had gestational hypertension (GH). Compared with women who had no HDP, the fully adjusted HRs of chronic hypertension were 6.03 [95% confidence interval (CI) 5.89-6.17] for GH, 8.10 (95% CI 7.88-8.33) for PE (all sorts), 12.95 (95% CI 12.29-13.65) for early PE, 9.90 (95% CI 9.53-10.28) for severe PE, and 13.17 (95% CI 12.74-13.60) for PE following GH. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy exposure duration was an additional risk factor of chronic hypertension for all PE subgroups. Women with HDP consulted a general practitioner or cardiologist more frequently and earlier. Conclusion: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy exposure greatly increased the risk of chronic hypertension in the first years following delivery.
Pregestational diabetes alters cardiac structure and function of neonatal rats through developmental plasticity; Pregestational diabetes (PGDM) leads to developmental impairment, especially cardiac dysfunction, in their offspring. The hyperglycemic microenvironment inside the uterus alters the cardiac plasticity characterized by electrical and structural remodeling of the heart. The altered expression of several transcription factors due to hyperglycemia during fetal development might be responsible for molecular defects and phenotypic changes in the heart. The molecular mechanism of the developmental defects in the heart due to PGDM remains unclear. To understand the molecular defects in the 2-days old neonatal rats, streptozotocin-induced diabetic female rats were bred with healthy male rats. We collected 2-day-old hearts from the neonates and identified the molecular basis for phenotypic changes. Neonates from diabetic mothers showed altered electrocardiography and echocardiography parameters. Transcriptomic profiling of the RNA-seq data revealed that several altered genes were associated with heart development, myocardial fibrosis, cardiac conduction, and cell proliferation. Histopathology data showed the presence of focal cardiac fibrosis and increased cell proliferation in neonates from diabetic mothers. Thus, our results provide a comprehensive map of the cellular events and molecular pathways perturbed in the neonatal heart during PGDM. All of the molecular and structural changes lead to developmental plasticity in neonatal rat hearts and develop cardiac anomalies in their early life.
Associations Between Maternal Risk Factors and Intrinsic Placental and Fetal Brain Functional Properties in Congenital Heart Disease; Background: The relationship between maternal risk factors (MRFs) (particularly pre-gravid obesity, diabetes, and hypertension) and congenital heart disease (CHD) to placental and fetal brain outcomes is poorly understood. Here, we tested the hypothesis that MRF and CHD would be associated with reduced intrinsic placental and fetal brain function using a novel non-invasive technique. Methods: Pregnant participants with and without MRF and fetal CHD were prospectively recruited and underwent feto-placental MRI. Using intrinsic properties of blood oxygen level dependent imaging (BOLD) we quantified spatiotemporal variance of placenta and fetal brain. MRFs and CHD were correlated with functional characteristics of the placenta and fetal brain. Results: Co- morbid MRF (hypertension, diabetes, and obesity) reduced spatiotemporal functional variance of placenta and fetal brain (p < 0.05). CHD predicted reduced fetal brain temporal variance compared to controls (p<0.05). Interaction of MRF and CHD status was associated with reduced intrinsic pBOLD temporal variance (p=0.047). There were no significant interactions of MRFs and CHD status on either temporal or spatial variance of intrinsic brain BOLD. Conclusion: MRF and CHD reduced functional characteristic of placenta and brain in fetuses. MRF modification and management during pregnancy may have the potential to not only provide additional risk stratification but may also improve neurodevelopmental outcomes.
Placental pathologic lesions associated with stroke in term neonates; Objective: To determine the birth prevalence of perinatal stroke in term born infants at our high-volume delivery center and assess the frequency of both gross and histologic placental pathologies associated with perinatal stroke using the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus Statement guidelines and definitions. Study Design: A single-center retrospective cohort study spanning 2010-2020. Results: There were 129,759 live births at Parkland Hospital during the study period and a total of 18 term born infants leading to a birth prevalence of 1 in 6,829 infants. Perinatal risk factors were found in all but one patient, and 74% presented with seizures. Pathologic placental examination was available in 56% of the cohort and only one patient had normal placental examination. Acute histologic chorioamnionitis was described in five placentas (50%) and an additional two had isolated umbilical and/or chorionic plate vasculitis with or without funisitis compared to a rate of 28% with acute inflammation in a Control group. Chronic inflammation in the form of villitis of unknown etiology was described in three of the acutely inflamed placentas and was high-grade in each of those while none of the placentas from our Control group showed evidence of any chronic lesion. Conclusion: Both acute and chronic placental inflammation are common in perinatal stroke; placental examination should be considered an essential component to the diagnostic workup.
A case of minimal change disease during pregnancy – benefits of early diagnosis and use of corticosteroids; Nephrotic syndrome presenting in pregnancy is rare and poses a diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. Timing of renal biopsy is important given the increased risk of bleeding and miscarriage, and the choice of immunosuppression is limited due to the teratogenicity profiles of standard drugs. We report and discuss a case of minimal change disease diagnosed by renal biopsy during early pregnancy and treated with corticosteroids throughout the pregnancy. Prompt diagnosis and treatment of glomerular disease in pregnancy are vital to prevent poor maternal and fetal outcomes.
Severe maternal morbidity and other perinatal complications among women with physical, sensory, or intellectual and developmental disabilities; Background: Little is known about severe maternal morbidity (SMM) among women with disabilities. Objective: We assessed differences in SMM and other perinatal complications by presence and type of disability. We hypothesised that SMM and other complications would be more common in births to women with disabilities than to women without disabilities. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of California births from 2000 to 2012, using birth and death certificate data linked with hospital discharge data. We included singleton deliveries with gestational age of 23–42 weeks. We classified women as having any disability or not and identified disability type (physical, hearing, vision, intellectual/developmental disabilities [IDD]). Our primary outcome was a composite indicator of SMM. Secondary outcomes included additional perinatal complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, venous thromboembolism, chorioamnionitis, puerperal endometritis and mental health disorders complicating pregnancy, childbirth or the puerperium. We used modified Poisson regression to obtain covariate-adjusted relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of disability status and type with SMM and secondary outcomes. Results: Of 5,787,090 deliveries, 33,044 (0.6%) were to women with disabilities. Of these, 311 per 10,000 were complicated by SMM, compared with 84 per 10,000 deliveries to women without disabilities. In multivariable analyses, risk of SMM for births to women with disabilities was nearly three times that for women without disabilities (RR 2.84, 95% CI 2.67, 3.02). Proportion and risk of SMM were greatest for vision disability (793 per 10,000; RR 4.04, 95% CI 3.41, 4.78). Secondary outcomes were also more common among women with disabilities. In particular, more than a third of births to women with IDD (37.4%) were complicated by mental health disorders (versus 2.2% for women without disabilities). Conclusion: As hypothesised, SMM and other perinatal complications were more common among women with disabilities than among women without disabilities.
Autosomal dominantly inherited myopathy likely caused by the TNNT1 variant p.(Asp65Ala); Nemaline myopathies (NEMs) are genetically and clinically heterogenous. Biallelic or monoallelic variants in TNNT1, encoding slow skeletal troponin T1 (TnT1), cause NEM. We report a 2-year-old patient and his mother carrying the heterozygous TNNT1 variant c.194A>C/p.(Asp65Ala) that occurred de novo in the mother. Both had muscle hypotrophy and muscle weakness. Muscle pathology in the proband's mother revealed slow twitch type 1 fiber hypotrophy and fast twitch type 2 fiber hypertrophy that was confirmed by a reduced ratio of slow skeletal myosin to fast skeletal myosin type 2a. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and immunoblotting data demonstrated increased levels of high-molecular-weight TnT1 isoforms in skeletal muscle of the proband's mother that were also observed in some controls. In an overexpression system, complex formation of TnT1-D65A with tropomyosin 3 (TPM3) was enhanced. The previously reported TnT1-E104V and TnT1-L96P mutants showed reduced or no co-immunoprecipitation with TPM3. Our studies support pathogenicity of the TNNT1 p.(Asp65Ala) variant.
Fetal malformations associated with exposure to mycophenolic acid during the first trimester; Mycophenolic acid [MPA] is a powerful inhibitor of lymphocyte proliferation. Although this drug has been used across the globe for various maternal comorbidities, multiple concerns have been raised regarding its teratogenic effects. The Food and Drug Administration has changed its category to drug category D (evidence of fetal risk) in 2007. A wide range of congenital malformations in infants born to a mother using this medication have been described in the literature, but there is no specific set pattern of these malformations. We report a case of a female infant who had exposure to mycophenolate by maternal use during the initial phase of 1st trimester of her pregnancy and ended up having multiple congenital malformations. She was managed with multidisciplinary approach and was finally discharged home on respiratory support, after two months of hospital stay. The fact that our patient shared a pattern of congenital malformations with other reported cases who were exposed to mycophenolate in utero strongly suggests that mycophenolate had a causal role and that there might be an emerging fetal mycophenolate mofetil syndrome (FMMS).
Associations of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus with alterations in cardiovascular system in early childhood; Aims: The association of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with childhood cardiovascular alterations is not well established. This study aims to test the hypothesis that prenatal exposure to GDM is associated with vascular and cardiac alterations in early childhood. Methods: In a population-based prospective cohort among 1094 mothers and their offspring, GDM was diagnosed according to the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Childhood blood pressure (BP) measurement, echocardiography and vascular ultrasound were performed using standardised methods at 4 years old. The associations between maternal GDM and childhood cardiovascular outcomes were modelled using linear regression and binary logistic regression. Mediation analysis was conducted to test the potential mediators. Results: Maternal GDM was associated with higher systolic BP (SBP; β, 1.20; [0.11, 2.28]), lower left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LVEDD; β, −0.36; [−0.71, −0.01]), lower end-diastolic volume (EDV; β, −1.42; [−2.71, −0.13]) and increased risk of high blood pressure (HBP, OR = 1.522; 95% CI, 1.023 to 2.264) in offspring at the age of 4 years. After stratification by sex, the association remained strong only in male offspring (SBP: β, 1.94; [0.37, 3.51]; LVEDD: β, −0.60; [−1.09, −0.12]; EDV: β, −2.09; [−3.86, −0.31]; HBP: OR = 1.797; 95% CI, 1.063 to 3.037) and was independent of maternal and child characteristics. However, carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) was not associated with maternal GDM. Mediation analysis showed that the effects on childhood cardiovascular alterations were attributable mostly to the direct effects of maternal GDM. Conclusions: Our results provide evidence that maternal GDM is associated with offspring cardiovascular adaptations at preschool age. Further studies are needed to replicate our results and the long-term effect of these adaptations on later cardiovascular risks needs further investigation.
Comprehensive assessment of biventricular myocardial function by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in infants of gestational diabetic mothers; Aims: No previous research provided a complete biventricular and multidirectional left ventricular (LV) functional assessment by two-dimensional (2D) speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) in infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) Methods: A total of 30 consecutive IGDM and 30 infants of healthy mothers were examined between March 2021 and July 2021. Both groups of infants underwent evaluation by neonatologist and 2D transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE quantification of LV-global longitudinal strain (GLS), LV-global circumferential strain (GCS), LV-global radial strain (GRS) and right ventricular (RV)-GLS, within 3 days of life and at 40 days after birth. Predictors of persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction, defined as a LVGLS less negative than -20% at 40-day follow-up, in IGDM population, were determined. Results: At 2.2 ± 1.3 days after birth, LV-GLS (− 17.2 ± 1.9 vs. − 23.9 ± 3.8%), LV-GCS (− 17.9 ± 2.7 vs. − 27.3 ± 3.4%), LV-GRS (25.6 ± 3.4 vs. 35.8 ± 3.6%) and RV-GLS (− 17.6 ± 3.6 vs. − 22.6 ± 3.8%) were significantly impaired in IGDM than controls (all p < 0.001). At 36.8 ± 5.2 days of life, LV-GLS was still impaired (less negative than -20%) in 26.6% of IGDM. Maternal third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.89, 95%CI 1.05–3.39) and third trimester glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.59, 95%CI 1.08–2.19) were independently associated with persistent LV-GLS impairment in IGDM. Maternal BMI ≥ 30 Kg/m2 and HbA1C ≥ 38 mmol/mol showed the maximum of sensitivity and specificity for predicting persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction in IGDM at 40 days of life. Conclusions: IGDM have diffuse pattern of myocardial dysfunction during perinatal period. This dysfunction may be persistent up to 40 days of life in infants of GDM women with obesity and uncontrolled diabetes.
Epidemiological and clinical characteristics of pregnant women and neonates with COVID-19 in Northwest Mexico; Introduction: The SARS-CoV-2 virus, which causes COVID-19, has spread quickly worldwide, causing millions of cases and thousands of deaths. Some risk factors in the general population are related to the development of severe COVID-19 or death, but in pregnant women and neonates, the information is limited. Objective: To determine the epidemiological and clinical characteristics of pregnant women and neonates diagnosed with COVID-19 by RT–PCR and serological tests, and analyze the relationship between the influenza vaccination and COVID-19 symptoms in infected pregnant women in Sinaloa state. Methods: We collected samples from 116 pregnant women and 84 neonates from the Women´s Hospital of Sinaloa. They were diagnosed with COVID-19 by RT–PCR and serological tests (IgG), and sociodemographic, clinical and laboratory parameters were recorded. Results: A total of 11.2% (13/116) of the pregnant women were RT–PCR+, 25% (29/116) were IgG+ and 4.3% (5/116) were positive for both tests. Symptoms such as rhinorrhea (P =.04), cough (P =.02) and polypnea (P =.04) in pregnant women were related to COVID-19, also leukocyte index was higher in pregnant women with COVID-19 (P =.03), but the associations were lost after the Bonferroni correction. No laboratory parameters or underlying diseases were associated with COVID-19, and most infected pregnant women had mild cases. We found an association between the influenza vaccine and less common COVID-19 symptoms in pregnant women who were infected (P =.01). A total of 7.2% (6/84) of neonates were RT–PCR+, 35.7% (30/84) were IgG+, and there were no symptoms or underlying diseases associated with neonates who were infected. In conclusion, this work demonstrated that some symptoms were related to COVID-19, most pregnant women and neonates had mild cases, and the influenza vaccine could decrease the severity of COVID-19 cases in pregnant women.
The Emerging Roles of IL-36, IL-37, and IL-38 in Diabetes Mellitus and its Complications; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disease caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors. The importance of the inflammatory response occurring in the pancreas and adipose tissue in the occurrence and progression of diabetes has been gradually accepted. Excess blood glucose and free fatty acids produce large amounts of inflammatory cytokines and chemokines through oxidative stress and endoplasmic reticulum stress. There is sufficient evidence that proin-flammatory mediators, such as interleukin (IL)-1β, IL-6, macrophage chemotactic protein-1, and tumor necrosis factor-α, are engaged in insulin resistance in peripheral adipose tissue and the apopto-sis of pancreatic β-cells. IL-36, IL-37, and IL-38, as new members of the IL-1 family, play an indis-pensable role in the regulation of immune system homeostasis and are involved in the pathogenesis of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Recently, the abnormal expression of IL-36, IL-37, and IL-38 in diabetes has been reported. In this review, we discuss the emerging functions, potential mechanisms, and future research directions on the role of IL-36, IL-37, and IL-38 in diabetes mellitus and its complications.
Maternal exposure to heavy metals and risk for severe congenital heart defects in offspring; Background: Congenital heart defects (CHDs) are the most common congenital malformations with a complex etiology, and environmental factors play an important role. Large epidemiology studies on prenatal exposure to selected heavy metals and their association with risk for CHDs are scarce and joint effects are not well understood. Objectives: To examine the association between prenatal exposure to selected heavy metals and risk for CHDs. Methods: Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) was used to determine the maternal plasma concentrations of arsenic, cadmium, mercury, lead, and manganese were in 303 CHD cases and 303 healthy controls that were recruited in eight hospitals in China. Generalized linear mixed model (GLMM) and Bayesian kernel machine regression (BKMR) were fitted to evaluate the individual and joint effects of metal concentrations on CHDs. Results: In GLMM, two metals were each significantly associated with an increased risk for CHDs [adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval): mercury, 2.88 (1.22–6.77); lead, 2.74 (1.00–7.57)]. In BKMR, CHD risk increased with mixture levels of the five metals when their concentrations were at the 40th percentile or higher, compared to when all metals were below their 35th percentile, and mercury was the major metal that contributed to the mixture effect. The interaction between mercury and lead was observed in BKMR. Conclusions: Using metal concentrations in maternal plasma obtained during the second or third trimester as exposure markers, we found that the risk of CHDs increased with the levels of the mixtures of As, Cd, Hg, Pb, and Mn, with Hg being the most important contributor to the mixture effect.
Effect of asymptomatic COVID-19 infection on the placenta in the third trimester of pregnancy: A prospective case-control study; Objective: To clarify the effect of asymptomatic coronaviruse disease-2019 (COVID-19) positivity on the placenta in the third trimester of pregnancy. Materials and Methods: This prospective, case-control study included 30 pregnant women diagnosed with asymptomatic COVID-19 between April 30, 2021 and July 20, 2021 who delivered after the 34th gestational week, and a control group of 30 pregnant women without COVID-19, who delivered between April 2021 and July 2021, matched to the study group regarding age, gestational age and body mass index. Outcomes were compared in terms of demographic characteristics, serum blood outcomes, neonatal results, complications and placental histopathological findings. Results: The mean age of the study population was 28.8 years and the mean gestational week was 38.2 weeks. The C-reactive protein levels (38.2 mg/L vs 5.8 mg/L, p=0.001) and ferritin levels (266.4 μg/L and 40.5 μg/L, p=0.001) were significantly higher in the COVID-19-positive pregnant women. The lymphocyte level was significantly higher in the non-COVID-19 pregnant women (p=0.040). Mural hypertrophy was determined at a significantly higher rate in COVID-positive pregnant women (83.3% vs 30.0%, p=0.001). Multivariate regression analysis showed that only COVID-19 positivity increased the presence of mural hypertrophy in pregnant women with asymptomatic COVID-19 (4.716-fold, 95% confidence interval=1.012-22.251). Conclusion: The results of this study demonstrated that asymptomatic COVID-19 had no significant effect on pregnancy and neonatal complications. However, mural hypertrophy in the placenta was found at a significantly higher rate in pregnant women with asymptomatic COVID-19.
Nutritional challenges during pregnancy; Nutrition and lifestyle during pregnancy and preconceptional period represent a major public health challenge, influencing the development of the embryo, fetus, and placenta, with considerable potential to influence not only maternal health but also that of future generations. However, the risk of inadequate maternal nutrition is high both in underdevel-oped and in industrialized countries, where inflammation due to maternal obesi-ty, stress and pollution seems to play a major role in mediating maternal, perinatal and long-term adverse outcomes. These dietary inadequacies are due to complex socio-cultural and economic in-teracting factors and it is to date mandatory to incorporate in clinician’s appoint-ment brief nutrition discussions supported by easy questionnaires and to pro-pose simple and personalized multidisciplinary interventions.
Preeclampsia and Fetal Congenital Heart Defects; Endothelial dysfunction, impaired implantation and placental insufficiency have been identified as mechanisms behind the development of pre-eclampsia, resulting in angiogenic fac-tors’ alteration. Angiogenic imbalance is also associated with congenital heart defects, and this common physiologic pathway may explain the association between them and pre-eclampsia. This review aims to understand the physiology shared by these two entities and whether women with pre-eclampsia have an increased risk of fetal congenital heart defects (or the opposite). The present research has highlighted multiple vasculogenic pathways associated with heart defects and pre-eclampsia, but also epigenetic and environmental factors, contributing both. It is also known that fetuses with a prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease have an increased risk of several comorbidities, including intrauterine growth restriction. Moreover, the impact of pre-eclampsia goes beyond pregnancy as it increases the risk for following pregnancies and for diseases later in life in both offspring and mothers. Given the morbidity and mortality associated with these condi-tions, it is of foremost importance to understand how they are related and its causative mecha-nisms. This knowledge may allow earlier diagnosis, an adequate surveillance or even the imple-mentation of preventive strategies.
Cardiovascular biomarkers in pregnancy with diabetes and associations to glucose control; Aim: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in both men and women. Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM1 and DM2) are well-known risk factors for CVD. In addition, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a female sex-specific risk factor for CVD. Here, we measure circulating concentrations of cardiac troponin T (cTNT), N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) and growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) during pregnancy—a window of time often referred to as a cardiovascular stress test for women. Methods: This study utilized data from 384 pregnant women: 64 with DM1, 16 with DM2, 35 with GDM and 269 euglycemic controls. Blood was predominantly sampled within a week before delivery. Cardiovascular biomarker concentrations were measured in serum using electrochemiluminescence immunoassay. Result: Circulating cTnT levels were higher in women with DM1, DM2 and GDM as compared to controls, whereas NT-proBNP and GDF-15 levels were only increased in women with DM1. Glucose dysregulation, assessed by third trimester HbA1c levels, positively correlated with all three CVD biomarker levels, whereas pregestational body mass index correlated negatively with GDF-15. Conclusions: Our results support the presence of myocardial affection in women with diabetic disorders during pregnancy. Although pregestational DM1 in this study was associated with the most adverse CVD biomarker profile, women with GDM displayed an adverse cTnT profile similar to what we found in women with pregestational DM2. This supports that women with GDM should be offered long-term intensified cardiovascular follow-up and lifestyle advice following delivery, similarly to the well-established CV follow-up of women with pregestational DM.
The Rising Trend of Cesarean Sections, Are They Justified?; Background: Cesarean sections (CS) rates have been increasing worldwide, although WHO has announced that the ideal CS rate is 15%. In Bahrain, our rate has risen from 22.4% in 2008 to 32.8% in 2018, which is double the recommended rate. This research aims to identify the cause of this rising trend. Design and Method: A cross-sectional compares the lowest CS rate, which was in 2008 (22.4%), and the CS rate in 2018 (32.8%), the highest in a decade. We are using the labor ward register book from our biggest hospital in Bahrain (Salmaniya Medical Complex), collecting info on all women who had CS (3,385 women) during the study period were included. The data collected includes age, nationality, gravidity, parity, gestational age, antenatal and postnatal morbidities, urgency, CS indications. Moreover, neonatal data also collected, including sex, weight, and outcome. All data were analyzed using the latest SPSS edition. Results: CS has increased among non-Bahraini populations from 22.8% to 37.5% and has decreased among Bahraini populations from 77.2% to 62.5%. Among all of the indications of CS, including repeated CS, primary sections, CPD and failure to progress, multiple fetuses, malpresentation, scar rupture, pre-eclampsia, late pregnancy bleeding, and others, there were highly significant differences between 2008 and 2018 in the percentages of mothers with non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR), which increased from 16.3% to 21.8% (p-value <0.001), and in the percentages of maternal requests, which increased from 10.2% to 15.1% (p-value <0.001), justifying the CS trend. Results showed suspected macrosomia has decreased from 4.7% to 2.1% p-value <0.001 and Fetal Growth Restriction from 1.3% to 0.3% p-value <0.001. Patients who had no antenatal morbidities were the highest in having CS in both years. Elective CS increased from 30.1% to 32.5% in 2008 and 2018, respectively, while emergency CS decreased from 69.9% to 67.5%. Patients who underwent CS and have not had post-partum hemorrhage (PPH) as a complication has increased from 82.6% to 85.6% and NICU admissions from 17.4% to 14.4% in 2008 and 2018, respectively. The number of hysterectomies following PPH in CS was 4 in 2008 and 5 in 2018. Conclusion: The study suggests the increased rate of CS is justified by the significant increase of NRFHR and maternal request. It occurs more in non-Bahraini populations than in Bahrainis.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardio-metabolic risk factors in women and children at 3 years postpartum; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is thought to be associated with cardio-metabolic risk factor development in women and their children during the early postpartum period and early childhood. We hypothesized that these women and their children would exhibit increased abnormal cardio-metabolic risk factors three years after pregnancy. Methods: Women from the Screening Tests to Predict Poor Outcomes of Pregnancy study were invited to attend a follow-up with the child from their index pregnancy at 3 years postpartum. Women and children were assessed for anthropometric measures and haemodynamic function. Fasting blood samples were obtained from women to assess lipid and glucose status. Results: A total of 281 woman-child dyads participated in the 3-year follow-up, with 40 women developing GDM during their index pregnancy. Fasting serum insulin was higher in women with GDM in index pregnancy compared to those with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, this association was mediated by early pregnancy BMI and socioeconomic index (SEI). The rate of metabolic syndrome was higher in the GDM group than the uncomplicated pregnancy group. Maternal GDM was associated with elevated maternal fasting serum triglycerides at 3 years after adjustment for early pregnancy BMI and SEI. Children exposed to GDM in utero had higher waist circumference compared to children born after an uncomplicated pregnancy, but this is mediated the above covariates. Conclusion: Exposure to GDM is associated with elevated serum triglycerides in women at 3 years postpartum but other cardiometabolic outcomes in women and children appear to be mediated by early pregnancy BMI and SEI.
Intrapartum cardiotocography in pregnancies with and without fetal CHD; Objectives: Congenital heart defects (CHD) are the most common inherited abnormalities. Intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) is still considered a "gold standard"during labor. However, there is a lack of evidence regarding the interpretation of intrapartum CTG in fetuses with CHD. Therefore, the study aimed to compare intrapartum CTG in normal fetuses and fetuses with CHD and describe the association between CTG and neonatal outcomes. Methods: The present study is a retrospective analysis of the CTG of 395 fetuses. There were three study groups: Group 1: 185 pregnancies with a prenatal diagnosis of CHD, Group 2: 132 high-risk pregnancies without CHD, and Group 3: 78 low-risk pregnancies without CHD. Results: Abnormal CTG was present statistically OR=3.4 (95%CI: 1.61-6.95) more often in Group 1. The rate of the emergency CS was higher in this group OR=3 (95%CI: 1.3-3.1). Fetuses with CHD and abnormal CTG were more often scored ≤7 Apgar, with no difference in acidemia. The multivariate regression model for Group 1 does not show clinical differences between Apgar scores or CTG assessment in neonatal acidemia prediction. Conclusions: CTG in fetuses with CHD should be interpreted individually according to the type of CHD and conduction abnormalities. Observed abnormalities in CTG are associated with the fetal heart defect itself. Preterm delivery and rapid cesarean delivery lead to a higher rate of neonatal complications. Health practitioners should consider this fact during decision-making regarding delivery in cases complicated with fetal cardiac problems.
Pre-pregnancy check-up of maternal vascular status and associated phenotype is crucial for the health of mother and offspring; Abstract: Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of disease burden globally with far-reaching consequences including enormous socio-economic burden to healthcare and society at large. Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function, healthy pregnancy and postpartum. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system is exposed to highly increased haemodynamic stress that significantly impacts health status of the mother and offspring. Resulting from sub-optimal maternal health conditions overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and postpartum. Contextually, there are two main concepts to follow in the framework of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine, namely to develop: 1. advanced screening of sub-optimal health conditions in young populations to predict and prevent individual health risks prior to planned pregnancies 2. in-depth companion diagnostics during pregnancy to predict and prevent long-lasting postpartum health risks of the mother and offspring. Data collected in the current study demonstrate group-specific complications to health of the mother and offspring and clinical relevance of the related phenotyping in pre-pregnant mothers. Diagnostic approach proposed in this study revealed its great clinical utility demonstrating important synergies between cardiovascular maladaptation and connective tissue dysfunction. Co-diagnosed pre-pregnancy low BMI of the mother, connective tissue dysfunction, increased stiffness of peripheral vessels and decreased blood pressure are considered a highly specific maternal phenotype useful for innovative screening programmes in young populations to predict and prevent severe risks to health of the mother and offspring. This crucial discovery brings together systemic effects characteristic, for example, for individuals with Flammer syndrome predisposed to the phenotype-specific primary vascular dysregulation, pregnancy-associated risks, normal tension glaucoma, ischemic stroke at young age, impaired wound healing and associated disorders. Proposed maternal phenotyping is crucial to predict and effectively protect both the mother and offspring against health-to-disease transition. Pre-pregnancy check-up focused on sub-optimal health and utilising here described phenotypes is pivotal for advanced health policy. Plain English abstract: Cardiovascular health is decisive for reproductive function and healthy pregnancy. During pregnancy, maternal cardiovascular system may demonstrate health-to-disease transition relevant for the affected mother and offspring. Overlooked in pre-pregnancy time, progressive abnormalities can be expected during pregnancy and lifelong. Here we co-diagnosed maternal pre-pregnancy low bodyweight with systemic effects which may increase risks of pregnancy, eye and heart disorders and ischemic stroke at young age, amongst others. Innovative screening programmes focused on sub-optimal health in young populations to predict and to mitigate individual health risks prior to pregnancy is an essential innovation for health policy proposed.
Successful cryoablation of junctional ectopic tachycardia is feasible in a 13.4kg, 18-month-old toddler; JET (junctional ectopic tachycardia) is a complicated and rare form of supraventricular tachycardia that is associated with a high rate of morbidity and mortality. Pharmaceutical management can be insufficient, and cryoablation has been described for congenital JET management. We describe cryoablation for congenital JET in an prior 32-week gestational aged, 18-month-old (corrected 16-month-old) with no JET post-ablation with normal Holter and follow-up within 6 months following cryoablation. This report demonstrates the safety and feasibility of cryoablation in patients as young as 18 months old.
Network construction revealed that gestational diabetes mellitus may lead to congenital heart disease via potential lncRNAs-miRNAs regulating PPARγ; Background: congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) induces a pro-inflammatory environment in the uterus which makes it difficult for the placenta, fetus, and embryo to develop properly. Despite the progress in underlying physiological knowledge, the knowledge of molecular mechanisms of potential connection of metabolic conditions to CHD is limited. This study aimed to mine potential regulatory missing links between GDM and CHD. Methods: We constructed a network based on 914 differentially expressed mRNAs obtained from public GEO datasets analysis of cardiac differentiation and their regulatory miRNAs, predicted via complementarity algorithms and lncRNAs acquired from disease-associated databases. Furthermore, we compared the revealed gene set with reported RNA-seq results regarding Heart failure and Diabetes. Also, protein-protein interactions, particularly with PPARγ, were obtained from String database and visualized in Cytoscape v3.6.1. We finally mined the literature according to the applications of the revealed data. Results: The final resulted ncRNAs network consisted of 55 mRNAs, 13 miRNAs, and 7 lncRNAs. Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes pathway analysis showed two conserved miRNAs in this network comprising miR-27a-3p and miR-130b-3p, primarily enriched in insulin resistance, AGE-RAGE signaling, and adrenergic signaling pathways. In addition, the screened key lncRNAs Jpx, Meg3, Xist, H19, and Mir17hg were potential regulators of diabetes-associated genes involved in Glycolysis/Gluconeogenesis and insulin signaling pathways. Retrospective literature mining showed the potential of AGE-RAGE manipulation in the nutrigenomics area according to PPARγ application. Besides, RNA-seq reports confirmed that some of our identified genes and mechanisms were involved in Heart failure and Diabetes biomarkers. Conclusion: Our findings are some of the first to show a potential axis through which GDM could lead to CHD via metabolism-associated noncoding networks. PPARγ may mediate the effects of this noncoding network on cardiac differentiation and shed light on the road of nutrigenomics consultations for GDM patients.
Umbilical Artery Doppler Flow Velocimetry in Intrauterine Growth Restriction and its Relation to Perinatal Outcome; Materials and methods: A retrospective data analysis was conducted on antenatally detected intrauterine growth restricted (IUGR) fetuses born between 26 and 38 weeks of gestational age with high resistance Doppler flow (HRDF) and absent or reversed end-diastolic flow (AREDF), excluding multiple gestations. The data was collected using an obstetric information management system and evaluated. About 152 cases were identified over a 5-year period in our tertiary referral center. The patients were divided into two groups: those with elevated systolic/diastolic ratio group of 95th or more percentile (n = 123, 81%) and those with absent/reversed end-diastolic flow (n = 38, 19%). Maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes of these groups were comparatively analyzed. Results of umbilical artery Doppler showed a significant correlation with the perinatal outcome. The poor perinatal outcome was 26% in those with absent or reversed diastolic flow in Doppler, as compared to only 1% in those with increased Doppler flow. Using Fischer’s exact test, the result is statistically significant (p < 0.05). Predictors of nonsurvival were the presence of reversed end-diastolic flow and preterm <30 weeks of gestation. Nonsurvivors had a significantly lower gestational age at diagnosis and delivery. Conclusion: Antenatal umbilical artery Doppler is shown as a significantly efficient marker in predicting perinatal outcomes in IUGR fetuses. Severely abnormal umbilical artery blood flow poses a significant risk for pregnancy, while perinatal mortality is also dominated by gestational age at diagnosis and delivery.
Sports Obstetrics: Implications of Pregnancy in Elite Sportswomen, a Narrative Review; Increasing numbers of females are participating in elite sports, with a record number having competed at the Tokyo Olympic Games. Importantly, the ages of peak performance and fertility are very likely to coincide; as such, it is inevitable that pregnancy will occur during training and competition. Whilst there is considerable evidence to promote regular exercise in pregnancy, with benefits including a reduction in hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, and reduced rates of post-natal depression, few studies have been conducted which include elite athletes. Indeed, there are concerns that high-intensity exercise may lead to increased rates of miscarriage and preterm labour, amongst other pregnancy-related complications. There is minimal guidance on the obstetric management of athletes, and consequently, healthcare professionals frequently adopt a very conservative approach to managing such people. This narrative review summarises the evidence on the antenatal, intrapartum, and postpartum outcomes in elite athletes and provides recommendations for healthcare providers, demonstrating that generally, pregnant athletes can continue their training, with a few notable exceptions. It also summarises the physiological changes that occur in pregnancy and reviews the literature base regarding how these changes may impact performance, with benefits arising from pregnancy-associated cardiovascular adaptations at earlier gestations but later changes causing an increased risk of injury and fatigue.
Evaluation of Fetal Cardiac Geometry and Contractility in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Two-Dimensional Speckle-Tracking Technology; Background: The most commonly known cardiac effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GD) in the fetus is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, but recent studies show that it is preceded by subclinical cardiac dysfunction. This study aimed to assess the effect of GD on fetal cardiac geometry and contractility by two-dimensional speckle-tracking technology. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study that included 33 pregnant patients with GD and 30 healthy individuals. For all fetuses, a four-chamber 3 s cine-loop was recorded and analyzed with Fetal Heart Quantification (FetalHQ®), a novel proprietary speckle-tracking software. The following cardiac indices were calculated: global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter (EDD), fractional shortening (FS), and sphericity index (SI) for both ventricles. Demographic and cardiac differences between the two groups were analyzed, as well as intra-rater and inter-rater reliability. Results: There were significant changes in right ventricular FAC and FS for segments 4–24 in fetuses exposed to GD (−1 SD, p < 0.05). No significant differences were detected for GSI, GLS, EDD, or SI for either ventricle. Conclusions: Fetuses exposed to GD present impaired right ventricular contractility, especially in the mid and apical segments.
Comparing the Evidence from Observational Studies and Randomized Controlled Trials for Nonskeletal Health Effects of Vitamin D; Although observational studies of health outcomes generally suggest beneficial effects with, or following, higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] concentrations, randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have generally not supported those findings. Here we review results from observational studies and RCTs regarding how vitamin D status affects several nonskeletal health outcomes, including Alzheimer’s disease and dementia, autoimmune diseases, cancers, cardiovascular disease, COVID-19, major depressive disorder, type 2 diabetes, arterial hypertension, all-cause mortality, respiratory tract infections, and pregnancy outcomes. We also consider relevant findings from ecological, Mendelian randomization, and mechanistic studies. Although clear discrepancies exist between findings of observational studies and RCTs on vitamin D and human health benefits these findings should be interpreted cautiously. Bias and confounding are seen in observational studies and vitamin D RCTs have several limitations, largely due to being designed like RCTs of therapeutic drugs, thereby neglecting vitamin D’s being a nutrient with a unique metabolism that requires specific consideration in trial design. Thus, RCTs of vitamin D can fail for several reasons: few participants’ having low baseline 25(OH)D concentrations, relatively small vitamin D doses, participants’ having other sources of vitamin D, and results being analyzed without consideration of achieved 25(OH)D concentrations. Vitamin D status and its relevance for health outcomes can usefully be examined using Hill’s criteria for causality in a biological system from results of observational and other types of studies before further RCTs are considered and those findings would be useful in developing medical and public health policy, as they were for nonsmoking policies. A promising approach for future RCT design is adjustable vitamin D supplementation based on interval serum 25(OH)D concentrations to achieve target 25(OH)D levels suggested by findings from observational studies.
How Do the Different Types of Maternal Diabetes during Pregnancy Influence Offspring Outcomes?; Background/Aim of the study: Exposure to maternal diabetes is considered one of the most common in utero insults that can result in an increased risk of complications later in life with a permanent effect on offspring health. In this study, we aim to assess the level of risk associated with each type of maternal diabetes on obesity, glucose intolerance, cardiovascular diseases (CVD), and neurodevelopmental disorders in offspring. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature utilizing PubMed for studies published between January 2007 and March 2022. Our search included human cohorts and case control studies following offspring exposed at least to two different types of maternal diabetes clearly identified during pregnancy. Collected outcomes included prevalence, incidence, odds ratio, hazard ratio and risk ratio. Results: Among 3579 published studies, 19 cohorts were eligible for inclusion in our review. The risks for overweight, obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), glucose intolerance, metabolic syndrome, and CVD were increased for all types of maternal diabetes during pregnancy. The risk of overweight or obesity in infancy and in young adults was similar between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 1 diabetes (T1D). The risk for T2D or abnormal glucose tolerance was double for offspring from GDM mothers compared to offspring from T1D mothers. In contrast, the risk for T1D in offspring at any age until young adulthood was increased when mothers had T1D compared to GDM and T2D. The risk for CVD was similar for all types of maternal diabetes, but more significant results were seen in the occurrence of heart failure and hypertension among offspring from T2D mothers. The risk of autism spectrum disorders and attention deficit/hyperactivity disorders was mainly increased after in utero exposure to preexisting T1D, followed by T2D. Conclusions: Offspring of diabetic mothers are at increased risk for multiple adverse outcomes with the highest risk detected among offspring from T2D mothers. Future work warrants large multiethnic prospective cohort studies that aim to identify the risks associated with each type of maternal diabetes separately.
The Utility of Capsicum annuum L. in Internal Medicine and In Dentistry: A Comprehensive Review; Capsaicin is a chili peppers extract, genus Capsicum, commonly used as a food spice. Since ancient times, Capsaicin has been used as a “homeopathic remedy” for treating a wild range of pathological conditions but without any scientific knowledge about its action. Several studies have demonstrated its potentiality in cardiovascular, nephrological, nutritional, and other medical fields. Capsaicin exerts its actions thanks to the bond with transient receptor potential vanilloid subtype 1 (TRPV1). TRPV1 is a nociceptive receptor, and its activation starts with a neurosensitive impulse, responsible for a burning pain sensation. However, constant local application of Capsaicin desensitized neuronal cells and leads to relief from neuropathic pain. In this review, we analyze the potential adjuvant role of Capsaicin in the treatment of different pathological conditions either in internal medicine or dentistry. Moreover, we present our experience in five patients affected by oro-facial pain consequent to post-traumatic trigeminal neuropathy, not responsive to any remedy, and successfully treated with topical application of Capsaicin. The topical application of Capsaicin is safe, effective, and quite tolerated by patients. For these reasons, in addition to the already-proven beneficial actions in the internal field, it represents a promising method for the treatment of neuropathic oral diseases.
Cardiovascular Disease-Associated MicroRNAs as Novel Biomarkers of First-Trimester Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in the Absence of Other Pregnancy-Related Complications; We assessed the diagnostic potential of cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs for the early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancies of Caucasian descent in the absence of other pregnancy-related complications. Whole peripheral venous blood samples were collected within 10 to 13 weeks of gestation. This retrospective study involved all pregnancies diagnosed with only GDM (n = 121) and 80 normal term pregnancies selected with regard to equality of sample storage time. Gene expression of 29 microRNAs was assessed using real-time RT-PCR. Upregulation of 11 microRNAs (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p) was observed in pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. Combined screening of all 11 dysregulated microRNAs showed the highest accuracy for the early identification of pregnancies destinated to develop GDM. This screening identified 47.93% of GDM pregnancies at a 10.0% false positive rate (FPR). The predictive model for GDM based on aberrant microRNA expression profile was further improved via the implementation of clinical characteristics (maternal age and BMI at early stages of gestation and an infertility treatment by assisted reproductive technology). Following this, 69.17% of GDM pregnancies were identified at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model specifically for severe GDM requiring administration of therapy involved using a combination of these three clinical characteristics and three microRNA biomarkers (miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, and miR-195-5p). This model identified 78.95% of cases at a 10.0% FPR. The effective prediction model for GDM managed by diet only required the involvement of these three clinical characteristics and eight microRNA biomarkers (miR-1-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-499a-5p, and miR-574-3p). With this, the model identified 50.50% of GDM pregnancies managed by diet only at a 10.0% FPR. When other clinical variables such as history of miscarriage, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, positive first-trimester screening for preeclampsia and/or fetal growth restriction by the Fetal Medicine Foundation algorithm, and family history of diabetes mellitus in first-degree relatives were included in the GDM prediction model, the predictive power was further increased at a 10.0% FPR (72.50% GDM in total, 89.47% GDM requiring therapy, and 56.44% GDM managed by diet only). Cardiovascular disease-associated microRNAs represent promising early biomarkers to be implemented into routine first-trimester screening programs with a very good predictive potential for GDM.
Elevated IL-6 and IL-22 in Early Pregnancy Are Associated with Worse Disease Course in Women with Inflammatory Bowel Disease; Inflammatory bowel diseases (IBD), including Ulcerative Colitis (UC) and Crohn’s disease (CD), are inflammatory conditions of the intestinal tract that affect women in their reproductive years. Pregnancy affects Th1- and Th2-cytokines, but how these changes occur during pregnancy in IBD is unclear. We performed a longitudinal profiling of serum cytokines in a cohort of 11 healthy pregnant women and 76 pregnant women with IBD from the first trimester of pregnancy to the first 12 months post-partum. Participants were monitored for biochemical disease activity (C-reactive protein [CRP] and fecal calprotectin [FCP]) and clinical activities. Maternal cytokines were measured using ELISA. We identified changes in Th1 and Th17 cytokines throughout pregnancy in healthy pregnant women. During pregnancy, maternal serum cytokine expressions were influenced by IBD, disease activity, and medications. Active UC was associated with an elevation in IL-21, whereas active CD was associated with elevated IFN-γ, IL-6, and IL-21. Interestingly, T1 serum cytokine levels of IL-22 (>0.624 pg/mL) and IL-6 (>0.648 pg/mL) were associated with worse IBD disease activity throughout pregnancy in women with UC and CD, respectively. This shows serum cytokines in pregnancy differ by IBD, disease activity, and medications. We show for the first time that T1 IL-22 and IL-6 correlate with IBD disease course throughout pregnancy.
Glycemic response to acute high-intensity interval versus moderate-intensity continuous exercise during pregnancy; The present study investigated the glycemic response to an acute high-intensity interval training (HIIT) session (10 one-minute intervals ≥90% HRmax interspersed with one-minute of active recovery) versus a moderate-intensity continuous training (MICT) session (30 min at 64%–76% HRmax) during pregnancy. Twenty-four normoglycemic females with a singleton pregnancy (27.8 ± 4.7 weeks of gestation, 31.5 ± 4.1 years of age, body mass index: 25.2 ± 11.3) participated in a randomized crossover design study. A flash glucose monitor and accelerometer were worn continuously for 7 days recording glycemic response, physical activity, and sleep. Nutritional intake and enjoyment of the exercise were self-reported. Average heart rate during exercise was higher for HIIT (82 ± 4% HRmax) compared with MICT (74 ± 4% HRmax; p < 0.001) and participants achieved a peak heart rate of 92 ± 3% during HIIT (range 85%–97% HRmax) compared with 81 ± 4% during MICT (p < 0.001). The change in glucose values from pre-to-postexercise were not different between conditions (HIIT: −0.62 ± 1.00 mmol/L; MICT: −0.81 ± 1.05 mmol/L; p = 0.300) with the exception that fewer individuals experienced postexercise hypoglycemia immediately following HIIT compared with MICT (8% versus 33% respectively; p = 0.041). Other glucose variables was not different between exercise protocols. Physical activity (p = 0.07) and caloric intake did not differ (p = 0.10). The majority of participants preferred HIIT (87.5%) and had greater perceived enjoyment compared to MICT (HIIT: 7.8 ± 1.5; MICT: 6.6 ± 2.0; p = 0.015). Sleep duration was 52 ± 73 min longer after participating in HIIT compared with the night prior (main effect for time p = 0.017); no significant changes for MICT. Overall, an acute session of HIIT appears to be well tolerated and demonstrates no adverse effects on maternal glycemic response.
Vitamin D insufficiency, excessive weight gain, and insulin resistance during pregnancy; Background and aims: Vitamin D insufficiency has been related to metabolic complications during pregnancy, including insulin resistance. There is evidence that excessive weight gain can negatively influence 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) concentrations. We aimed to investigate the association of vitamin D insufficiency during pregnancy (25(OH)D3 < 75 nmol/L in the second and third trimesters) with insulin resistance, and explore whether excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) could modify such relationship. Methods and results: A prospective longitudinal analysis was conducted within the MINA-Brazil Study among 444 pregnant women enrolled in antenatal care and with complete data on 25(OH)D3, weight gain, insulin, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Quantile and logistic regression models were conducted with adjustment for sociodemographic, obstetric, and lifestyle characteristics, as well as gestational age and seasonality at outcome assessment. Predicted probabilities for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR>2.71) were estimated according to excessive GWG. Persistent vitamin D insufficiency was associated with increasing insulin concentrations (p for trend = 0.04); pregnant women with vitamin D insufficiency in the second or third trimester had an odds ratio of 1.83 (95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 1.03, 3.27) for insulin resistance, with significant modification by GWG (p = 0.038). Among participants without excessive GWG, the predicted probability for insulin resistance was 0.345 (95% CI = 0.224, 0.467) for those with persistent vitamin D insufficiency, and 0.134 (95% CI = 0.046, 0.221) for those who were sufficient in vitamin D. Probabilities for insulin resistance did not vary according to vitamin D status among participants with excessive GWG. Conclusion: Vitamin D insufficiency was associated with insulin resistance in the third trimester of pregnancy, dependent on excessive GWG.
The placental pathology in Coronavirus disease 2019 infected mothers and its impact on pregnancy outcome; Introduction: This study aims at observing placental pathologies in COVID-19 infected women, and analyzing its impact on pregnancy outcome. Method: This is a descriptive-analytical study done at a tertiary centre of Northern India. All COVID-19 positive pregnant women with gestational age ≥20 weeks, with placental histopathological reporting, were included in this study. A total of 173 COVID-19 pregnant women were included in the study. Results: Placental abnormalities were noticed in 49·16% of total 179 placentae examined. Maternal vascular malperfusion (27·93%) was the most observed placental pathology followed by villous fibrin deposits (22·90%), fetal vasculopathy (16·75%), and acute inflammation (6·70%). Stillbirths were 22 and NICU admissions were seen in 50 neonates. Abnormal placental abnormalities led to higher stillbirths (p value 0·011) and lower Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min (p-value 0·028; p-value 0·002, respectively). Intervillous fibrin deposits had higher risk associated with lower Apgar score at 1 and 5 min [RR 2·05 (95% CI 1·21–3·48, p-value 0·010) and RR 5·52 (95% CI 2·58–11·81, p-value <0·001), respectively]. RP clot/hemorrhage was also associated with lower Apgar score at 1 and 5 min [RR 2·61 (95% CI 1·52–4·49, p-value 0·002) and RR 3.54 (95% CI 1·66–7·55, p-value 0·001), respectively]. Discussion: Placental abnormalities in COVID-19 infection were associated with significant higher incidence of unexplained stillbirths, and lower Apgar scores. Although, this is the largest descriptive-analytical study done so far, comparative studies are required to draw a clear conclusion regarding the impact of COVID-19 infection on human placenta and its effect on pregnancy outcomes.
Umbilical cord compromise versus other clinical conditions predisposing to placental fetal vascular malperfusion; To study the relative importance of clinical and umbilical cord (UC) risk factors for placental fetal vascular malperfusion (FVM), 52 placentas with clinical UC compromise were compared with 204 placentas with other maternal/fetal conditions predisposing to FVM, 286 placentas with both factors, and 38 placentas with no clinical conditions or UC factors predisposing to FVM. FVM, both distal villous and global, was more common with UC compromise. Cases with isolated UC compromise were associated with more unfavorable clinical outcomes and histological distal FVM. Clinical conditions without umbilical cord compromise were not associated with increased rate of FVM.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Postpartum Care as a Pathway to Future Health; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) collectively represent the leading causes of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Beyond the potentially devastating impact of APOs during pregnancy and the puerperium, women diagnosed with APOs have a 2-fold to 4-fold increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Fortunately, APOs occur at an opportune time, in early-adulthood to mid-adulthood, when primary and secondary prevention strategies can alter the disease trajectory and improve long-term health outcomes. This chapter takes a life-course approach to (1) the epidemiology of APOs, (2) evidence-based strategies for clinicians to manage APOs, and (3) future directions for APO research and clinical practice.
Impact of prior gestational diabetes on long-term type 2 diabetes complications; Aims: While women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and at a younger age, it is unknown whether T2DM following GDM is associated with worse clinical outcomes. This study aims to examine the impact of GDM on subsequent development of long-term complications of T2DM. Methods: All women with T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of US population, between 2007 and 2018 (n = 2494) were stratified into two groups: those with a history of GDM (n = 385) and those without (n = 2109). Rates of macrovascular and microvascular complications of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate analyses. Results: Of 2494 participants with T2DM included in the analysis, 385 (15.4 %) had a history of GDM and 2109 (84.6 %) did not. A history of GDM was independently associated with increased risk of myocardial infarction (aOR 2.53, 95%Cl: 1.18–5.40) and likely coronary artery disease (aOR 2.15, 95 % Cl: 1.00–4.66). Conclusions: In this cohort, women with T2DM and a history of GDM had higher risk of macrovascular complications of myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease, compared to those with no history of gestational diabetes.
Fetal inflammatory response syndrome and postnatal multi-system inflammatory syndrome in COVID-19-positive neonates; Increasing incidences of COVID-19 in pregnant women, and lack of data regarding vertical transmission and extent of disease in newborns, has raised a concern towards it. The fetal inflammatory response syndrome (FIRS) and multisystem inflammatory syndrome in neonates (MIS-N) is also not a well-known entity till now. This case report of two newborns is an effort to describe the different clinical scenarios of COVID-19 and its response to the treatment. The first case suggests the possible in utero transmission which is a rare mode of infection as evident from previous data and the inflammatory response, getting treated by the use of immunotherapy and antivirals. The second case suggest the horizontal transmission acquired postnatally and the severity of multisystem inflammatory syndrome in neonate which could not be revived in spite all the efforts in treatment.
Tighter or less tight glycaemic targets for women with gestational diabetes mellitus for reducing maternal and perinatal morbidity: A stepped-wedge, cluster-randomised trial; Background ATrUea: tPmleeanstefcoorngfiersmttahtaiotanlalhl edaiadbinegtleesvemlsealrleitruespr(GesDenMte)daciomrrsectotlyre: duce maternal hyperglycaemia. The TARGET Trial assessed whether tighter compared with less tight glycaemic control reduced maternal and perinatal morbidity. Methods and findings In this stepped-wedge, cluster-randomised trial, identification number ACTRN12615000282583, 10 hospitals in New Zealand were randomised to 1 of 5 implementation dates. The trial was registered before the first participant was enrolled. All hospitals initially used less tight targets (fasting plasma glucose (FPG) <5.5 mmol/L (<99 mg/dL), 1-hour <8.0 mmol/L (<144 mg/dL), 2 hour postprandial <7.0 mmol/L (<126 mg/dL)) and every 4 months, 2 hospitals moved to use tighter targets (FPG ≤5.0 mmol/L (≤90 mg/dL), 1-hour ≤7.4 mmol/L (≤133 mg/dL), 2 hour postprandial ≤6.7 mmol/L) (≤121 mg/dL). Women with GDM, blinded to the targets in use, were eligible. The primary outcome was large for gestational age. Secondary outcomes assessed maternal and infant health. Analyses were by intention to treat. Between May 2015 and November 2017, data were collected from 1,100 women with GDM (1,108 infants); 598 women (602 infants) used the tighter targets and 502 women (506 infants) used the less tight targets. The rate of large for gestational age was similar between the treatment target groups (88/599, 14.7% versus 76/502, 15.1%; adjusted relative risk [adjRR] 0.96, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.66 to 1.40, P = 0.839). The composite serious health outcome for the infant of perinatal death, birth trauma, or shoulder dystocia was apparently reduced in the tighter group when adjusted for gestational age at diagnosis of GDM, BMI, ethnicity, and history of GDM compared with the less tight group (8/599, 1.3% versus 13/505, 2.6%, adjRR 0.23, 95% CI 0.06 to 0.88, P = 0.032). No differences were seen for the other infant secondary outcomes apart from a shorter stay in intensive care (P = 0.041). Secondary outcomes for the woman showed an apparent increase for the composite serious health outcome that included major haemorrhage, coagulopathy, embolism, and obstetric complications in the tighter group (35/595, 5.9% versus 15/501, 3.0%, adjRR 2.29, 95% CI 1.14 to 4.59, P = 0.020). There were no differences between the target groups in the risk for pre-eclampsia, induction of labour, or cesarean birth, but more women using tighter targets required pharmacological treatment (404/595, 67.9% versus 293/501, 58.5%, adjRR 1.20, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.44, P = 0.047). The main study limitation is that the treatment targets used may vary to those in use in some countries. Conclusions Tighter glycaemic targets in women with GDM compared to less tight targets did not reduce the risk of a large for gestational age infant, but did reduce serious infant morbidity, although serious maternal morbidity was increased. These findings can be used to aid decisions on the glycaemic targets women with GDM should use.
The Prediction of Micro- and Macrovascular Complications in Individuals with T2DM with Different Risk Factors in Iraq; Diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a serious health problem that affects people all over the world and places a heavy financial and social burden on individuals, families, and communities. The objectives of the study were to evaluate the risk factors of T2DM and its relationship to micro- and macrovascular complications. A cross-sectional observational study was conducted on 1189 individuals with T2DM attending A Tertiary Endocrine Center. All patients' data were gathered from direct interviewees and the digital records of the tertiary center, which used an internal network system and Microsoft Access program. The mean age was 55.9 ±11.7 years, female 58%, body mass index 31.2 ±5.5 kg/m2, waist circumference 108±11.6 cm, mean duration of T2DM 10.1 ±7 years, and glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) 9.6 ±2.1%. The prevalence risk factors were as follows smoking 27.3%, central obesity 84.3%, history of dyslipidemia 74.6%, family history of T2DM 64.9%, hypertension 63.5%, signs of insulin resistance (IR) 61.7%, gestational Diabetes (GDM) and History of cardiovascular diseases(CVD) 20.9%. These risk factors had a statistically significant impact on both macrovascular and microvascular T2DM. History of dyslipidemia and GDM were the most significant independent risk factors for the prediction of macrovascular complications among T2DM, while female gender, history of dyslipidemia, and GDM were independent risk factors for the prediction of microvascular complications among T2DM. Other risk factors including: History of CVD, hypertension, central obesity, duration of T2DM more than 5 years, estimated GFR <60 ml/min/1.73 m2, and any signs of IR were significantly effect on both micro- and macrovascular complications, but as dependent risk factors to further cofounders.
Long-Term Follow-Up on Morbidity Among Women With a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates up to 10% of pregnancies and is a well-known risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Little is known about possible long-term risks of other diseases. Background: The aim was to review the literature for evidence of associations with morbidity other than T2DM and cardiovascular disease and with long-term mortality. Methods: A systematic review based on searches in Medline, Embase, and Cochrane Library until March 31, 2021, using a broad range of keywords. We extracted study characteristics and results on associations between GDM and disease occurrence at least 10 years postpartum, excluding studies on women with diabetes prior to pregnancy or only diabetes prior to outcome. The results are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA). Newcastle-Ottawa Scale was used to assess risk of bias. Results: We screened 3084 titles, 81 articles were assessed full-text, and 15 included in the review. The strongest evidence for an association was for kidney diseases, particularly in Black women. We found indication of an association with liver disease, possibly restricted to women with T2DM postpartum. The association between GDM and breast cancer had been studied extensively, but in most cases based on self-reported diagnosis and with conflicting results. Only sparse and inconsistent results were found for other cancers. No study on thyroid diseases was found, and no study reported on short-term or long-term mortality in women with a history of GDM. Conclusion: Given the frequency of GDM, there is a need for better evidence on possible long-term health consequences, in particular, studies based on comprehensive records of diagnosis of GDM and long-term health outcomes.
The Effect of Valvular Heart Disease on Maternal and Fetal Outcome of Pregnancy in Young Pregnant Females; Objective: The objective of this study is to determine the effect of valvular heart disease on maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy in young pregnant females Study design: Retrospective study Methodology: A retrospective study was conducted to get an analysis of 321 healthy women and 312 women with valvular heart disease who received care at a tertiary care hospital during the same time period and compared the results of their pregnancies. The chi (2)-test was used for statistical analysis, with a significance set at 0.05. Results: n comparison to women in the control group, women with valvular heart disease had significantly higher rates of congestive heart failure (5.1 percent vs. 0 percent, P0.001), mortality (0.64% [two women] vs. 0 percent), and surgical interventions during pregnancy (13.4 percent (balloon mitral valvotomy) vs. 0.6 percent [ovarian cystectomy Additionally, the perinatal outcome was worse in the valvular heart disease group than in the control group, with higher preterm delivery rates (48.3 percent vs. 20.5 percent), lower birth weights (2434+/-599 g vs. 2653+/-542 g; P0.001), and a higher incidence of APGAR scores below 8 (8.3 percent vs. 4 percent; P0.01). Additionally, the rate of instrumental delivery increased (9.9 percent vs. 3.4 percent). The proportion of cesarean deliveries, however, was comparable across the two groups. Conclusion: In conclusion, there is a substantial link between valvular heart disease and maternal and neonatal mortality. Close fetal and maternal monitoring are required, and valvular stenosis should be repaired before conception. To avoid difficulties for both the mother and the fetus, balloon valvuloplasty should be taken into consideration in cases of severe stenosis during the second trimester of pregnancy. The hospitals that deal with heart illness and pregnancy should create practical recommendations.
MATERNAL AND PERINATAL OUTCOME OF PREGNANCIES WITH TERM LABOUR AND MECONIUM STAINED AMNIOTIC FLUID – HOSPITAL BASED PROSPECTIVE OBSERVATIONAL STUDY; Fetal passage of meconium cause MSAF (Meconium Stained Amniotic Fluid) which complicates about 7%-20% of all pregnancies worldwide, the incidence being higher in blacks and South Asian ethnicity. Rarely meconium passage occur before 34 weeks of gestation and then incidence increase beyond 37 weeks of gestation. As the gestational age increases towards post term incidence of cesarean section also increases with reported frequencies at 37, 40 and >42weeks being 3%, 13% and 18% respectively. The risk factors for meconium stained amniotic fluid are consists of both maternal and fetal. The maternal factors are maternal chronic respiratory or cardiovascular disease, hypertension, gestational Diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, eclampsia, post term pregnancy. The Fetal factors consists of oligohydramnios, intrauterine growth restriction, and poor biophysical profile. Objective: To study the maternal outcome in Pregnancy in control group and study group i.e. term labour with meconium stained amniotic fluid. To study the perinatal outcome in control group and study group. The Present study was conducted in department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology after taking approval from Institutional Ethical committee and informed consent from patient in SIMS HAPUR. Sample Size: 200 cases Group A (100 cases): Pregnant women With MSAF (Meconiumstained Amniotic Fluid) Group B (100 cases): Pregnant women with clear liquor. Selection of subject: Period of study- November 2020 to October 2022. Study Design: Hospital based Prospective Observational study Result: It was observed that majority of the patients were in the age group of 21-30 years in both the groups i.e. 82% in study group and 73% in control group. Chorioamnionitis seen in 8% in study group compared to 3% in control group. Study shows meconium group was two times more likely to undergo caesarean section (53%) compared to the non-stained fluid group (25%). Present study showed that NICU care needed more in MSAF group babies (26%) than that of control group (4%). In the study it was found that meconium stained liquor associated with poor perinatal outcomes. 11% in study group versus 2% in control group developed neonatal sepsis. Conclusion: Conclusion of the current study explained that maternal and perinatal outcome are compromised. Cesarean section rate, chorioamnionitis, puerperal sepsis, low Apgar score, NICU admissions, fetal hypoxia and perinatal mortality were significantly higher in meconium stained amniotic fluid and non-reactive NST.
Risk of stroke in patients with type 2 diabetes receiving semaglutide or a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor: A real-world US claims database analysis; Background and aims: People with type 2 diabetes (T2D) have a higher risk of stroke and worse outcomes than those without T2D. A metaanalysis of RCT data has shown that glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists are associated with a significant reduction in the risk of stroke, but there remains a specific evidence gap for the real-world effect of semaglutide. We compared risk of incident stroke in patients with T2D or T2D + atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD) initiating either semaglutide or a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP-4i). Materials and methods: Adults (≥18 years) in aUS claims database with a claim indicating initiation of semaglutide or a DPP-4i (index date) during the index period (1/1/18-30/9/20), a diagnosis code for T2D on or before index date, and 12 months' continuous enrolment pre-index were included. Exclusion criteria were a claim for semaglutide, DPP-4i or injectable glucose-lowering medication, or a diagnosis code for type 1 or secondary diabetes in the 12 months pre-index; or a claim associated with pregnancy or gestational diabetes at any time during the study period. Patients were propensity score matched 1:1 on baseline demographic and clinical characteristics (27 variables for T2D; 26 for T2D+ASCVD). Primary outcome was time to first stroke event during follow-up (medical claim with stroke as primary diagnosis during inpatient or emergency room visit). Results: Post-matching, there were 17,920 pairs with T2D and 4234 pairs with T2D+ASCVD. The groups were well matched on baseline characteristics. Patients with T2D initiating semaglutide had a lower risk of stroke than those initiating a DPP-4i (HR 0.63 [95% CI 0.41, 0.95]; p = 0.029). This was more pronounced for T2D+ASCVD (HR 0.45 [0.24, 0.86]; p = 0.015). Overall, 34 patients with T2D receiving semaglutide (0.2%) experienced a stroke event (incidence rate [IR] per 100 personyears 0.25), compared with 60 patients receiving a DPP-4i (0.3%; IR 0.40; IR ratio [IRR] 0.62 [95% CI 0.40, 0.95]). For T2D+ASCVD, 13 patients receiving semaglutide (0.3%; IR 0.40) and 32 receiving a DPP-4i (0.8%; IR 0.90) experienced a stroke event (IRR 0.44 [0.23-0.85]). The Figure shows cumulative incidence of stroke over the follow-up period (median 237-258 days). Conclusion: Our results provide preliminary information regarding the potential of semaglutide to reduce stroke in patients with T2D in a realworld setting. Analyses with additional comparison groups and longer follow-up are needed to determine the broader clinical and economic implications.
Cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity in women with previous gestational diabetes: A nationwide register-based cohort study; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). To our knowledge, the metabolic component of dyslipidemia has not been addressed as an outcome after GDM before, and nor has it been investigated whether the severity of morbidity is associated with previous GDM. Also, insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy and development of manifest diabetes mellitus (as proxies for impaired β-cell function) may further increase the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity (CVMM). Aims of this study were to investigate incidence and severity of CVMM in women with previous GDM in a Danish population and to study whether proxies of impaired β-cell function influence the incident CVMM risk. Materials and methods: This study is a nationwide register-based cohort study on the complete cohort of 700,648 women delivering in Denmark during 1997-2018. Exposure was GDM based on ICD-10 diagnosis code. Primary outcome was an overall CVMM outcome consisting of ICD-10 diagnosis code for ischemic heart disease, heart failure, stroke/transient cerebral ischemia (TCI), hypertension, dyslipidemia, venous thrombosis, cardiac arrhythmia, and/or redemption of prescribed medication within antihypertensive, antithrombotic and/or lipid modifying agents. Secondary outcomes were: Major CVD (ischemic heart disease, heart failure, stroke/TCI), hypertension (diagnosis code and/or medication), dyslipidemia (diagnosis code and/or medication), and venous thrombosis. Insulin treatment during GDM pregnancy was defined as diagnosis code of insulin treated GDM and/or redemption of insulin during GDM pregnancy. The associations were studied using multiple cox regression models with GDM entering as a time-varying exposure. Severity of morbidity was investigated as number of CVMM related hospital contacts and of redemptions of prescribed CVMM related medication in women with incident CVMM. Results: The median follow-up period was 10.2-11.9 years depending on specific outcome (total range 0-21.9 years). GDM was associated with significantly increased risk of any CVMM (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) 2.13 [95% CI 2.07-2.20]), major CVD (aHR 1.69 [95% CI 1.55-1.84]), hypertension (aHR 1.89 [95% CI 1.82-1.96], dyslipidemia (aHR 4.48 [95% CI 4.28-4.69]), and venous thrombosis (aHR 1.32 [95% CI 1.16- 1.50]). Insulin treatment during pregnancy and development of manifest diabetes exacerbated risk estimates. Previous GDM was associated with significantly more hospital contacts with CVMM diagnosis codes and more redeemed prescriptions of CVMM related medication in women with incident CVMM within 3 years after initial hospital contact/redemption (p<0.001). Conclusion: Previous GDM was associated with significantly higher risk of cardiovascular and metabolic morbidity, especially for incident dyslipidemia where a 4.5-fold increased risk was found. The risk was exacerbated by proxies of β-cell impairment. Severity of morbidity was significantly worse, if GDM preceded CVMM.
Role of histone methyltransferase MLL1-driven H3K4me3 in the transmission of oxidative and inflammatory phenothypes to the offspring of women with gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GD) is characterized by chronic hyperglycemia during pregnancy. Hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress and inflammation are potent drivers of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Recently, it is emerging that histone modifications are key players in hyperglycemia-induced ASCVD and putative mediators of the transmission of GD phenotypes to the offspring. The present study was designed to investigate the link between Mixed Lineage Leukemia 1 (MLL1)-dependent trimethylation of histone 3 at lysine 4 amino residue (H3K4me3) and oxidative and inflammatory phenotypes. Additionally, we aim to investigate whether such GDinduced epigenetic mark is transmitted and persist in the offspring born to GD women. Materials and methods: We obtained peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from GD and control women, endothelial cells fromhuman umbilical cord vein (HUVEC) and cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMC) at birth, as well as PBMC from adolescents born to control and GD women. NF-kB p65 and its downstream target Vascular Cell Adhesion Molecules (VCAM-1) gene and protein expression were evaluated by RT-qPCR, immunofluorescence and flow-cytometry, respectively. NADPH oxidase isoform 4 (NOX4) protein expression was evaluated by immunofluorescence. H3K4me3 on NF-kB p65 and (NOX4) promoter regions was assessed by chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) and RT-qPCR. NF-kB p65 DNA binding activity was measured by ELISA and a HUVEC-monocytes adhesion assay was performed to assess the adhesion of monocytes to endothelial cells. Results: We observed increased gene expression of NF-kB p65 and its downstream target VCAM-1 in GD- as compared to control-HUVEC. For the first time, we demonstrated that MLL1-driven H3K4me3 on NF-kB p65 promoter is upstream to the activation of such inflammatory pathway. Indeed, treatment with MLL1 inhibitor (MM-102, 10 μM) blunted upregulation of both NF-kB p65 and VCAM-1 genes, as well as TNFα-induced NF-kB p65 DNA binding activity and VCAM-1 protein expression. Furthermore, inhibition of histone methyltransferase MLL1 abolished upregulation of pro-oxidant NOX4 gene. Interestingly enough, the MLL1-induced H3K4me3 was present not only in PBMC from GD women and CBMC at birth but also in PBMC from adolescent born to GD women. Conclusion: Our results suggest that MLL1-induced epigenetic mark is responsible for the maternal inflammatory and oxidative phenotypes in GD women, and it is transmitted to the offspring. The deciphering of epigenetic-induced chromatin remodeling opens the perspective for pharmacological reprogramming of adverse histone modifications to reduce the burden of early abnormal phenotypes in the offspring potentially leading to ASCVD.
Relationship Between ABO Blood Group and Pregnancy Complications; ABO blood group system is the most commonly used blood group classification system in clinic practice. The relevant antigens, A, B and H determinants, are complex carbohydrate molecules that are expressed in red blood cells and other cell lines and tissues. These antigens are determined by the ABO locus located on chromosome 9 (9q34.1-q34.2). ABO blood group is associated with the development of many human diseases, e.g., cardiovascular diseases, infectious diseases, and tumors. The relationship between the ABO blood group of pregnant women and various pregnancy complications, including preeclampsia (PE) and the related diseases, pregnancy associated venous thromboembolism (PA-VTE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH), have become the focus of obstetricians' recent research interest. Herein, we reviewed the relationship between ABO blood group and these pregnancy complications, and found that most of the reported findings supported the following views: 1) Blood type O is a protective factor for PE, while blood type AB increases the risk of PE; 2) blood types other than O are more prone to PA-VTE than blood type O; 3) blood type O or blood type AB may be related to the pathogenesis of GDM; 4) women of blood type O are at higher risks for PPH than those of other blood types. More in-depth epidemiological and genetic studies are needed to confirm these findings in the future. These findings can provide new ideas for researching into the pathogenesis of obstetric diseases and form the theoretical basis for obstetricians to prevent and treat related diseases.
A case of internal carotid artery dissection causing post-partum headache; We present a case of an otherwise healthy female who developed post-partum headache due to internal carotid artery dissection. It is vital that anaesthetists are aware of this rare but serious differential of post-partum headache, its typical features and its time-critical investigation and management. Description A 36-year-old G1P1 woman with a history of migraine developed a right-sided headache and Horner's syndrome 3 days following forceps delivery under pudendal block with no anaesthetic intervention. She had no other neurological deficits. She had no history of cardiac disease, hypertensive disease, joint hypermobility, familial collagen disorders or smoking. CT brain angiography revealed a right distal cervical internal carotid artery aneurysm with features suggestive of dissection, subsequently confirmed by magnetic resonance angiography. She was commenced on 75 mg aspirin once daily. Her symptoms resolved and she was discharged home with follow-up in the neurology outpatient clinic. Discussion There is a broad differential diagnosis for post-partum headache, including both benign and life-threatening aetiologies. Post-partum carotid or vertebral dissection are rare but serious aetiologies that typically present within 4-6 weeks of childbirth, causing headache and/or neck pain [1, 2]. These headaches have no defining character or severity and may be mistaken for migraine, causing diagnostic uncertainty as seen in this case. Pathophysiological mechanisms are not clear but may include straining during labour, post-partum endocrine changes affecting the vascular wall and peripartum cardiovascular changes [2]. Risk factors include advanced maternal age, smoking and alcohol, gestational diabetes and connective tissue disorders, although only advanced maternal age was present in this case [1]. Prognosis is generally favourable if managed early, while delayed diagnosis may result in severe, irreversible neurological deficits. Anaesthetists have an increasingly valuable role in the multidisciplinary management of post-partum women. They are often consulted regarding post-partum headache, frequently assumed to be an anaesthetic complication, and are thus well placed to identify serious causes such as carotid artery dissection. Awareness of the diagnosis, meticulous clinical examination and a low threshold for diagnostic imaging are essential in avoiding poor outcomes.
Environmental exposure during pregnancy: Influence on prenatal development and early life; We summarize current evidence on the toxic effects of environment exposure during pregnancy, the neonatal period, and childhood. Alcohol use is related to foetal alcohol spectrum disorders, foetal alcohol syndrome being its most extreme form. Smoking is associated with placental abnormalities, preterm birth, stillbirth, or impaired growth and development, as well as with intellectual impairment, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Negative birth outcomes have been linked to the use of drugs of abuse. Pregnant and lactating women are exposed to endocrinedisrupting chemicals and heavy metals present in foodstuffs, which may alter hormones in the body. Prenatal exposure to these compounds has been associated with pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth, and thyroid function. Metals can accumulate in the placenta, causing foetal growth restriction. Evidence on the effects of air pollutants on pregnancy is constantly growing, for example, preterm birth, foetal growth restriction, increased uterine vascular resistance, impaired placental vascularization, increased gestational diabetes, and reduced telomere length. The advantages of breastfeeding outweigh any risks from contaminants. However, it is important to assess health outcomes of toxic exposures via breastfeeding. Initial studies suggest an association between pre-eclampsia and environmental noise, particularly with early-onset pre-eclampsia. There is rising evidence of the negative effects of environmental contaminants following exposure during pregnancy and breastfeeding, which should be considered a major public health issue.
Hyperinsulinaemic Hypoglycaemia - are neonates symptomatic during hypoglycaemia?; Introduction: Over recent years, hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia is being increasingly recognised in at-risk neonates; it is important to recognise and manage this promptly in view of the risk of hypoglycaemic brain injury. Aims: To recognise signs and symptoms of hypoglycaemia in neonates with hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia. Methods: Neonates from the neonatal intensive care units at two hospitals (The Royal London Children's Hospital and Tunbridge Wells Hospital) with a diagnosis of hyperinsulinism were retrospectively reviewed over a 3-year period (April 2019 - March 2022) to determine episodes of symptomatic hypoglycaemia. Medical notes were reviewed for signs and symptoms such as lethargy, jitteriness, tachypnoea, tachycardia, change in colour or any abnormal movements at the time of hypoglycaemia. Demographic data including maternal diabetes, birth weight, gestational age, maximum glucose infusion rate (GIR) and outcomes were also collected. Results: There were 30 neonates in total with a diagnosis of hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia (16 at Tunbridge Wells and 14 at Royal London). Gestation ranged from 28+4 to 41+5 weeks and birthweight was 610-4920g. Of these, 10/30 (33%) were small for gestational age (SGA) with a standard deviation score (SDS) ≤ -2; and 4/33 (13%) were large for gestational age (LGA), SDS ≥2. Four mothers (13%) had either gestational or type 1 diabetes. Out of these, three babies were LGA and all four had asymptomatic hypoglycaemia. There were 175 episodes of hypoglycaemia recorded in these 30 neonates, with a median of 4.3 episodes per neonate (range 2-14). 8/30 neonates were asymptomatic during every episode of hypoglycaemia. Jitteriness occurred in 9 instances (5%); tachypnoea in 26 (14.9%); hypothermia in 5 (2.9%); tachycardia in 1 (0.6%); lethargy and poor feeding in 2 (1.1%) and possible seizures in 1 (0.6%). In the neonates with tachypnoea, respiratory distress was frequently a confounding factor. The median maximum glucose infusion rate was 17.1mg/kg/ min (range 9.0-26.3mg/kg/min) and 17/30 (57%) of neonates required diazoxide (3-5mg/kg/day). Discussion: Nearly 50% of these babies were either SGA or LGA and therefore at higher risk of developing hypoglycaemia. 27% had no symptoms during hypoglycaemia and were detected on monitoring for risk factors. However, this is a retrospective study and it is important for staff to document signs/symptoms. More prospective studies are required with prespecified symptoms to chart. Conclusion: Hypoglycaemia is frequently asymptomatic in neonates with hyperinsulinaemia, making this more challenging to recognise. Neonates at risk of hypoglycaemia should have close monitoring of blood glucose levels to ensure they are managed appropriately.
Risk of stroke in patients with type 2 diabetes receiving semaglutide or a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor: A real-world US claims database analysis; Introduction: People with type 2 diabetes (T2D) have a higher risk of stroke than those without, are likely to experience stroke at a younger age, and have worse outcomes. The cardiovascular benefits of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs) in T2D have been demonstrated in randomized controlled trials. A meta-analysis of these data has shown that GLP-1 RAs are associated with a significant reduction in the risk of stroke; however, there remains an evidence gap for the real-world effect of semaglutide specifically on stroke risk. Purpose: To compare real-world risk of stroke in patients with T2D or T2D + atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) initiating either semaglutide or a dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP-4i). Methods: For inclusion, adults (≥18 years) in a US claims database required a claim indicating initiation of either semaglutide or a DPP-4i (index date) during the index period (1/1/18-30/9/20), a diagnosis code for T2D on or before the index date, and 12 months' continuous enrolment pre-index. Exclusion criteria were a claim for semaglutide, DPP-4i or injectable glucose-lowering medication, or diagnosis code for type 1 or secondary diabetes in the 12 months pre-index; or a claim associated with pregnancy or gestational diabetes any time during the study period. Patients were propensity score matched 1:1 on 27 baseline demographic and clinical characteristics. Patients who also had a diagnosis code for ASCVD pre-index were matched separately on 26 variables. Primary outcome was time to first stroke event during follow-up, defined as a medical claim with stroke as primary diagnosis during inpatient or emergency room visit. Patients with no event were censored at end of enrolment or end of study period (30/9/20), whichever was earliest. Results: Post-matching, there were 17,920 pairs with T2D and 4234 pairs with T2D+ASCVD. The groups were well matched on baseline characteristics (Table). For T2D, patients initiating semaglutide had a lower risk of stroke than those initiating a DPP-4i (hazard ratio [HR], 0.63; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.41-0.95; p=0.029). This trend was more pronounced for T2D+ASCVD (HR, 0.45 [0.24-0.86]; p=0.015). Overall, 34 patients with T2D receiving semaglutide (0.2%) experienced a stroke event (incidence rate [IR] per 100 person-years, 0.25), compared with 60 patients receiving a DPP-4i (0.3%; IR, 0.40; IR ratio [IRR], 0.62; 95% CI: 0.40-0.95). For the groups with T2D+ASCVD, 13 patients receiving semaglutide (0.3%; IR, 0.40) and 32 receiving a DPP-4i (0.8%; IR, 0.90) experienced a stroke event (IRR, 0.44 [0.23-0.85]). The Figure shows cumulative incidence of stroke over follow-up (median 237-258 days). Conclusion: This analysis provides initial insights into the potential of semaglutide to reduce real-world stroke risk in patients with T2D. Analyses with additional comparison groups and longer follow-up are needed to determine the broader clinical and economic implications. (Table Presented).
Gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and the maternal heart; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (pE) are both associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, including an increased risk of developing heart failure in later life. Both conditions are increasing in prevalence; GDM affects up to 12% and pE affects 3-5% of pregnancies worldwide. Compromised cardiac energy production is an important contributor to most forms of heart disease. The changes in myocardial energetics in GDM and pE have not been characterised previously. Purpose: We sought to assess if women with GDM and women with pE in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function or tissue characteristics. Methods: Thirty-eight healthy pregnant (HP) women, thirty women with GDM and fifteen women with pE were recruited, matched for age and ethnicity. Participants underwent phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine to ATP ratio (PCr/ATP)), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal strain (GLS) and mitral in-flow E/A ratio. Results: The biochemical characteristics and multiparametric MR results are given in Table 1. The women in the GDM and the pE groups had higher body-mass index. There was a stepwise increase in the systolic and diastolic BP from the HP to the GDM to the pE group. There was no difference in NTproBNP concentrations between the groups. The gestational weight gain was higher in women with GDM and pE compared to the HP group. The women in the GDM and the pE groups showed similar reductions in myocardial PCr/ATP ratios compared to HP group (Figure 1a), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes and higher LV mass (Figure 1b) and enhanced LV concentricity in both groups (Figure 1c). While LV ejection fractions were similar across the groups, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM and in women with pE (Figure 1d). Conclusions: We show here for the first time that despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes or hypertension, women with GDM or pE manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics. These findings may aid our understanding of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with these conditions. (Table Presented).
A nationwide cohort study on the impact of gestational diabetes on future cardiovascular events; Background: The link between hypertensive disease in pregnancy and future cardiovascular events is well established, as is the increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus after gestational diabetes (GDM). What is less well understood is the impact of GDM on future cardiovascular events. The literature is conflicting although suggestive that the risk of cardiovascular events with a history of GDM is 2 fold higher. Purpose: Using the largest cohort to date and utilising robust data acquisition procedures and follow up we assessed the prognostic value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. Methods: All female patients discharged from French hospitals in 2013 with at least 5 years of subsequent follow-up were identified. Those with a previous major adverse cardiovascular event, history of hypertensive disease, pre-existing diabetes or under the age of 18 years old were excluded. They were grouped depending on their history of GDM. After propensity score matching, patients with GDM were matched 1:1 with patients with no GDM. Hazard ratios for cardiovascular events during follow-up were adjusted by age at baseline. Results: A total of, 1,738,101 women were included in the analysis, leaving 1,141,743 women (mean age 52.2, SD 19.7) once exclusion criteria were applied: 6998 (0.6%) had a history of GDM and the mean follow-up was 5.1 years (SD 1.3 years). Those with a history of GDM had a lower risk of new onset heart failure (HF) (hazard ratio [HR] 0.66, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.45-0.98) and all-cause death (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.47-0.79). There was no significant difference in risk for myocardial infarction (HR 0.88, 95% CI 0.38-2.03), ischaemic stroke (HR 0.94, 95% CI 0.55-1.63), new onset atrial fibrillation (AF) (HR 0.61, 95% CI 0.33-1.11), cardiovascular death (HR 1.25, 95% CI 0.47-3.36) and major cardiovascular events (i.e. inhospital cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke or new-onset HF (MACE-HF)) (HR 0.75, 95% CI 0.56-1.01). Conclusions: In a large contemporary analysis of female patient seen in French hospitals and utilising a robust data set we present the largest population analysis of the association between GDM and future cardiovascular events. Those with a history of GDM do not have a higher risk of myocardial infarction, ischaemic stroke, new onset AF, cardiovascular death or MACEHF. Contrary to what is widely thought, a history of GDM confers a lower risk of new onset HF and all-cause death when compared to those women with no history of GDM. (Figure Presented).
Maternal pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes and the prevalence of septal defects in the offspring; Background and introduction: Maternal pre-existing and gestational diabetes affect approximately 6% of all pregnancies in Denmark and are well known risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD). Worldwide, CHD is the most common congenital defect and a leading cause of infant death. The association between maternal diabetes, and CHD in the offspring has previously been studied, however, these studies have been limited by small study cohorts and/or registry studies without systematic transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) of the children. Purpose: To assess the prevalence of atrial and ventricular septal defects (ASD and VSD) in children born to mothers with pre-existing or gestational diabetes by systematic TTE, in a large, population-based cohort of neonates. Method: Systematic, standardized TTE was performed in neonates included in a population-based cohort study between 2016 and 2018. For the present study, the prevalence of VSD in cases and controls was assessed in the entire cohort of neonates who underwent TTE within 30 days of birth, and in whom information regarding maternal diabetes was available (n=24,921). The prevalence of ASD was assessed in a sub-cohort of neonates (n=12,682) with the same inclusion criteria and in whom an interatrial communication had been classified as ASD or patent oval foramen according to a validated algorithm. ASD was defined as an interatrial communication with a defect size ≥4mm, a location in the inferior 1/3 of septum, or multiple communications. VSD was defined as flow across the interventricular septum in colour Doppler mode in one or more views. VSDs were classified as either muscular, perimembranous, or subarterial. Information about maternal pre-existing and gestational diabetes was collected from review of the mother's medical records and from an Obstetrical Database maintained by the participating hospitals. Cases were compared with controls, which here consists of the full cohort for VSD and sub-cohort for ASD, respectively, after excluding cases. Results: The median age at examination of the entire cohort was 11 days [interquartile range (IQR) 7; 14] and 48% were female. The prevalence of VSD in children with maternal diabetes was 3.1% compared with 3.3% among children of mothers without maternal diabetes, RR 1.00 (95% CI 0.99-1.01, p=0.771). There was no difference between cases and controls when comparing the prevalence of subtypes of VSD (table 1). In the sub-cohort of 12,682 neonates assessed for ASD (median age at examination 12 days [IQR, 8; 15], 48% female), the presence of an ASD was found in 7.3% of cases compared to 5.9% among controls, RR 0.81 (95% CI 0.59-1.13, p=0.214). Conclusion: In a large population-based cohort of infants, we did not find an increased risk for ASD or VSD, nor any of the subtypes of VSD, among children born to mothers with pre-existing or gestational diabetes as compared to controls.
Recording of chronic diseases and adverse obstetric outcomes during hospitalizations for a delivery in the national swiss hospital medical statistics dataset between 2012 and 2018: An observational cross-sectional study; Background: The prevalence of chronic diseases during pregnancy and adverse maternal obstetric outcomes in Switzerland has been insufficiently studied. Data sources, which reliably capture these events, are scarce. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate completeness of recording of chronic diseases and adverse maternal obstetric outcomes during hospitalizations for a delivery in the Swiss Hospital Medical Statistics (MS) dataset. Methods: We conducted a nationwide observational cross-sectional study (2012-2018) based on the Swiss MS dataset. We identified hospitalizations of women who delivered a singleton live-born infant (ICD-10-GM) in an inpatient setting in Switzerland and quantified the prevalence of 23 chronic diseases (ICD-10-GM). We compared our results to a nationwide Danish registry study, which used the same disease definition to quantify disease prevalence during pregnancy. We further quantified the prevalence of adverse maternal obstetric outcomes (ICD-10-GM and CHOP) during the delivery hospitalization and compared our results to existing literature. Results: We identified 577'220 delivery hospitalizations, of which 4.99% had a record for a least one diagnosis for a chronic disease (versus 15.49% in Denmark). In total, 13 of 23 chronic diseases were substantially under-recorded, and eight of those diseases were more than 10-fold more frequent in the Danish study than in ours, including psychiatric diagnoses, chronic lung disease (including asthma), rheumatoid arthritis, ischemic heart disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Thyroid disorders (2.65% vs 2.29%), non-ischemic cardiovascular disease (0.17% vs 0.14%), and coagulation disorders (1.07% vs 0.73%) were recorded similarly often. The prevalence of adverse maternal obstetric outcomes was comparable to other European countries (gestational diabetes: 6.85%, gestational hypertension: 1.02%, pre-eclampsia/HELLP-syndrome: 1.79%, postpartum hemorrhage: 7.95%, placental abruption: 0.60%, and preterm delivery: 4.11%). Conclusions: Our results suggest that chronic diseases are underrecorded during delivery hospitalizations in the MS dataset, which may be due to specific coding guidelines and aspects of whether or not a disease generates billable effort to a hospital. Adverse maternal obstetric outcomes are more completely captured, but future studies need to confirm their true prevalence.
Age and sex differences in polypharmacy patterns in new users of metformin: A UK-based descriptive study; Background: With increased concomitant chronic diseases in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), the use of multiple drugs increases as well as the risk of drug-drug interactions (DDI) and adverse drug reactions (ADR). Although age is a risk factor for polypharmacy (≥5 co-medications), how medication patterns vary in T2DM patients with multiple drugs across different sex and age groups is unclear. Objectives: To identify and quantify common drug combinations at a drug compound level in first-time metformin users with polypharmacy in the UK, stratified by sex and age. Methods: New users of metformin aged 18+ were identified from the IQVIA Medical Research Data incorporating data from THIN, A Cegedim Database of anonymized electronic health records (2016-2019). Patients with gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, or insulin therapy were excluded. A descriptive cohort study explored prescription patterns in patients with polypharmacy (metformin + ≥4 coprescribed drugs). The apriori algorithm was applied to identify and quantify drug combinations of up to 7 drugs to investigate potential harmful polypharmacy patterns stratified by sex and age. Results: The cohort included 35 531 new-users of metformin, of which 20 962 (59.0%) received polypharmacy. Atorvastatin was the most frequently co-prescribed drug with metformin overall (38.3%), in women (33.6%) and men (42.6%), and adults ≥40 years old with polypharmacy (40-59 years [37.5%]; 60-74 years [45.6%]; ≥75 years [37.2%]). Combinations of ≤7 drugs mainly treat manifestations of metabolic syndrome. Four main polypharmacy patterns were identified after visual inspection based on drugs groups and indications, stratifying by sex (women: respiratory disease-related drugs and pain-related drugs and their associated effects; men: cardiac disease-related drugs and antithrombotic medication). Additionally, four main polypharmacy patterns were identified in adults in the analysis stratified by age groups (<40 years old: pain-related drugs and their associated effects, folic acid medication, respiratory disease-related drugs; ≥ 60 years old: respiratory disease-related drugs). Conclusions: This study is the first to identify and quantify commonly prescribed combinations of drug compounds in patients with polypharmacy using the apriori algorithm. The high prevalence of polypharmacy at all age strata indicates the need to aim for deprescribing to minimize DDI and ADR. Hypotheses regarding pathophysiological processes underlying polypharmacy patterns identified in this study should be interpreted with caution due to the limitations of the study design (i.e., descriptive). Longitudinal studies will be needed to investigate causal associations and validate potential DDI.
Low Periconceptional Dietary Intakes among Japanese Women: The Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS); Pregnancy is usually associated with dietary imbalances. We aim to assess the changes in Japanese women’s diet and nutritional adequacy before and during pregnancy. In the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS), we recruited a large cohort of pregnant women (.100,000) from 15 Japanese communities. We assessed their diet before and during pregnancy by a food frequency questionnaire. The before and during pregnancy intakes of energy, macronutrients, and micronutrients were lower than the recommended level for Japanese women by 1% to 49%. The dietary intakes of pregnant women were lower than their intakes before pregnancy, except for milk, dairy products, and calcium. The daily during pregnancy intake of energy, carbohydrate, fat, protein, folic acid, and iron decreased by 85 kcal, 11.6 g, 2.3 g, 2.8 g, 20 mg, and 0.5 mg than the before pregnancy intake. Pregnant women’s declined food and nutrients intakes were moderately correlated to their dietary intakes before pregnancy; the correlation coefficient ranged between 0.47 and 0.67. The inter-individual variability was greater than the intra-individual variability of the dietary intakes. Almost half of the pregnant women remained in the same intake quartile for all nutrients and food groups as before pregnancy. Yet, approximately 10% of pregnant women changed their pregnancy intake by ≥50% (≥2 quartiles up or down) compared to before pregnancy. In conclusion, the study identified low periconceptional dietary intakes among Japanese pregnant women. The low dietary intake of essential nutrients, such as folate, requires revising the Japanese national periconceptional dietary and supplementation guidelines.
Maternal COVID-19 Infection and Possible Associated Adverse Neurological Fetal Outcomes, Two Case Reports; Introduction The long-term effects of prenatal coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) infection on the fetal brain are mostly unknown at this time; however, there is increasing evidence being published. Case Report Two cases of severe ventriculomegaly, neurological dysfunction, and seizures were found in neonates with prenatal exposure to COVID-19 infection during the first and third trimesters of pregnancy. Conclusion Inflammation during the prenatal and neonatal periods may be associated with neurological disorders or injury. Despite the presumed lack of vertical transmission, post-COVID-19 syndrome and its associated inflammation may have an impact on the unborn fetus. Hyper-vigilance and dissemination of adverse findings are of significant importance as we navigate through this evolving pandemic and its effects. Key Points Prenatal exposure to COVID-19 may affect the fetal brain. There is a possibility of neonatal neurological sequelae from maternal COVID-19. Does maternal COVID-19 infection cause infantile seizures?
Psoriasis and medical ramifications: A comprehensive analysis based on observational meta-analyses; Purpose: Based on a large number of systematic reviews and meta-analyses exploring the relationship between psoriasis and various health outcomes, we conducted an comprehensive analysis to assess the strength and evidence for the association between psoriasis and medical end-point ramifications in patients. Methods: We searched related meta-analyses, investigating the links between psoriasis and medical ramifications from three databases. All summary effect sizes, 95% CIs, heterogeneity, and small-study effects in the included meta-analyses were recalculated. We assessed the methodological quality of included articles with the AMSTAR 2 tool and graded the epidemiological evidence. Subgroup analysis based on the severity of psoriasis and study design were also performed. Results: A total of 38 articles comprising 85 unique meta-analyses were included in this study. Although 69 outcomes were statistically significant, only 8 outcomes (nonvascular dementia, ulcerative colitis, pediatric dyslipidemia, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, fracture, multiple sclerosis, and schizophrenia) showed a high quality of epidemiological evidence. Conclusion: We found that psoriasis increased the risk of 69 health outcomes, and 8 outcomes were graded as high-quality evidence. No evidence was found that psoriasis was beneficial for any medical end point. However, to verify our results, more large-sample, multi-center prospective cohort studies are needed.
Hypertriglyceridaemia in pregnancy: an unexpected diagnosis and its management; A woman in her 30s with gestational diabetes presented at 36 weeks' gestation with reduced fetal movements and diminishing insulin requirements. In view of her gestation, she was induced and incidentally found to have profound hyponatraemia. Further biochemical investigations confirmed severe hypertriglyceridaemia and hypercholesterolaemia. This raises the possibility of secondary causes such as familial dysbetalipoproteinemia and polygenetic hypertriglyceridaemia. She was successfully managed by aggressive dietary modification. This involved a supervised fast followed by a fat-free diet. A fenofibrate was proposed but declined due to our patient's wish to breastfeed. Management required considerable input from the multidisciplinary team. Treatment options to consider are aggressive dietary restriction of fat or the addition of a cholesterol-lowering medication, such as a fibrate. In refractory cases, a supervised fast may be required or, in cases where complications have arisen, apheresis. The patient and her baby made a good recovery with no long-lasting health implications.
Diabetes in pregnancy and risk of near-miss, maternal mortality and foetal outcomes in the USA: a retrospective cross-sectional analysis; BACKGROUND: The prevalence of diabetes in pregnant women has increased in the USA over recent decades. The primary aim of this study was to assess the association between diabetes in pregnancy and maternal near-miss incident, maternal mortality and selected adverse foetal outcomes. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, cross-sectional analysis among pregnancy-related hospitalizations in USA between 2002 and 2014. We examined the association between DM and GDM as exposures and maternal in-hospital mortality, maternal cardiac arrest, early onset of delivery, poor foetal growth and stillbirth as the outcome variables. RESULTS: Among the 57.3 million pregnant women in the study population, the prevalence of GDM and DM was 5.4 and 1.3%, respectively. We found that pregnant women with DM were three times more likely to experience cardiac arrest (OR = 3.21; 95% CI = 2.57-4.01) and in-hospital maternal death (OR = 3.05; 95% CI = 2.45-3.79), as compared to those without DM. Among pregnant women with GDM and DM, the risk for early onset of delivery was higher, compared to women without GDM or DM. CONCLUSION: A diagnosis of diabetes prior to pregnancy contributes significantly to the risk of maternal cardiac arrest, maternal mortality and adverse foetal outcomes.
Sex differences in hypertension. Do we need a sex-specific guideline?; Hypertension is the most prevalent cardiovascular disorder and the leading cause of death worldwide in both sexes. The prevalence of hypertension is lower in premenopausal women than in men of the same age, but sharply increases after the menopause, resulting in higher rates in women aged 65 and older. Awareness, treatment, and control of hypertension are better in women. A sex-pooled analysis from 4 community-based cohort studies found increasing cardiovascular risk beginning at lower systolic blood pressure thresholds for women than men. Hormonal changes after the menopause play a substantial role in the pathophysiology of hypertension in postmenopausal women. Female-specific causes of hypertension such as the use of contraceptive agents and assisted reproductive technologies have been identified. Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are associated with increased risk of maternal, fetal, and neonatal morbidity and mortality, as well as with a greater risk of developing cardiovascular disease later in life. Hypertension-mediated organ damage was found to be more prevalent in women, thus increasing the cardiovascular risk. Sex differences in pharmacokinetics have been observed, but their clinical implications are still a matter of debate. There are currently no sufficient data to support sex-based differences in the efficacy of antihypertensive treatment. Adverse drug reactions are more frequently reported in women. Women are still underrepresented in large clinical trials in hypertension, and not all of them report sex-specific results. Therefore, it is of utmost importance to oblige scientists to include women in clinical trials and to consider sex as a biological variable.
Single-cell transcriptomic profiling unveils dysregulation of cardiac progenitor cells and cardiomyocytes in a mouse model of maternal hyperglycemia; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most prevalent birth defect, often linked to genetic variations, environmental exposures, or combination of both. Epidemiological studies reveal that maternal pregestational diabetes is associated with ~5-fold higher risk of CHD in the offspring; however, the causal mechanisms affecting cardiac gene-regulatory-network (GRN) during early embryonic development remain poorly understood. In this study, we utilize an established murine model of pregestational diabetes to uncover the transcriptional responses in key cell-types of the developing heart exposed to maternal hyperglycemia (matHG). Here we show that matHG elicits diverse cellular responses in E9.5 and E11.5 embryonic hearts compared to non-diabetic hearts by single-cell RNA-sequencing. Through differential-gene-expression and cellular trajectory analyses, we identify perturbations in genes, predominantly affecting Isl1+ second heart field progenitors and Tnnt2+ cardiomyocytes with matHG. Using cell-fate mapping analysis in Isl1-lineage descendants, we demonstrate that matHG impairs cardiomyocyte differentiation and alters the expression of lineage-specifying cardiac genes. Finally, our work reveals matHG-mediated transcriptional changes in second heart field lineage that elevate CHD risk by perturbing Isl1-GRN during cardiomyocyte differentiation. Gene-environment interaction studies targeting the Isl1-GRN in cardiac progenitor cells will have a broader impact on understanding the mechanisms of matHG-induced risk of CHD associated with diabetic pregnancies.
Early-onset preeclampsia is characterised by an increased vascular tone in internal jugular veins; Purpose: This study aimed to investigate Doppler characteristics of maternal internal jugular veins in uncomplicated pregnancies vs. those affected by hypertensive disorders. Materials and methods: Venous pulse transit time and venous impedance index were measured at three different locations (right proximal, right distal, left proximal) of internal jugular veins according to a standardised combined Doppler-Electrocardiogram protocol in five different groups of pregnant women: uncomplicated pregnancy, early-onset preeclampsia, late-onset preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and normotensive pregnancies with a small for gestational age foetus. Values of both parameters of the latter four groups were plotted against the reference range of uncomplicated pregnancies at corresponding gestation. Linear mixed models with random intercept were used to investigate gestational changes in venous pulse transit time and venous impedance index at the three internal jugular vein locations within and between the different groups. Results: A total of 127 women were included: 41 had uncomplicated pregnancies, 13 had early-onset preeclampsia, 25 had late-onset preeclampsia, 22 had gestational hypertension, and 26 had normotensive pregnancies with a small for gestational age foetus. Venous pulse transit time values were lower than uncomplicated pregnancy (p ≤ 0.001) at all three locations in the third trimester of early-onset preeclampsia. Conclusion: Contrary to late-onset preeclampsia and gestational hypertension, early-onset preeclampsia is characterised by a lower venous pulse transit time at internal jugular veins compared to uncomplicated pregnancy, suggesting increased venous vascular tone.
The efficacy and safety of dachaihu decoction in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a clinical metabolic syndrome characterized by persistent hyperglycemia, which is caused by defective insulin secretion and decreased function in regulating glucose metabolism. Dachaihu Decoction (DCHD) is a traditional Chinese medicine formula that has been gradually used in T2DM treatment. A comprehensive analysis on the efficacy and safety of DCHD in T2DM treatment is necessary. Objective: This meta-analysis aimed to systematically assess the clinical efficacy and safety of DCHD in the T2DM treatment and provide a reference for subsequent research and clinical practice. Methods: Both Chinese and English databases were searched from their inceptions to November 2021. All retrieved studies were screened according to inclusion and exclusion criteria and randomized controlled trials about DCHD on T2DM were enrolled. The quality of the literature was assessed using the bias risk assessment tool in the Cochrane Handbook. Data extraction was performed on the selected studies. Review Manager 5.4 and Stata 16.0 were used for meta-analysis. Sources of heterogeneity were also explored by using meta-regression and subgroup analysis. Funnel plot and Egger’s test were used to assess publication bias and the evidence quality was assessed by GRADE. Results: 17 eligible studies, involving 1,525 patients, were included in this study. Compared with conventional treatment, combined treatment with DCHD was significantly better in improving HbA1c (MD = −0.90%, 95%CI: −1.20 to −0.60, p < 0.01), FBG (MD = −1.08 mmol/L, 95%CI: −1.28 to −0.87, p < 0.01), 2hPG (MD = −1.25 mmol/L, 95%CI: −1.42 to −1.09, p < 0.01), TC (MD = −0.50 mmol/L, 95%CI: −0.70 to −0.30, p < 0.01), TG (MD = −0.44 mmol/L, 95%CI: −0.61 to −0.26, p < 0.01), LDL-C (MD = −0.58 mmol/L, 95%CI: −0.85 to −0.31, p < 0.01), HOMA-IR (SMD = −2.04, 95%CI: −3.09 to −0.99, p < 0.01), HOMA-β (SMD = 2.48, 95%CI: 2.20 to 2.76, p < 0.01) and BMI (MD = −1.52 kg/m2, 95%CI: −2.55 to −0.49, p < 0.01). When DCHD used alone, it had a similar efficacy to conventional treatment in HbA1c (MD = −0.04%, 95%CI: −0.17 to 0.09, p = 0.57) and FBG (MD = 0.13 mmol/L, 95%CI: −0.09 to 0.36, p = 0.24). It can also reduce 2hPG, even if not as effective as conventional treatment (MD = 0.54 mmol/L, 95%CI: 0.19 to 0.89, p < 0.01). Due to the small number of included studies, it is unclear whether DCHD used alone has an improving effect on lipid metabolism, BMI, HOMA-IR and HOMA-β. Analysis of adverse events showed DCHD was relatively safe. No obvious publication bias was detected by Funnel plot and Egger’s test. Conclusion: Based on this meta-analysis, we found that the combination with DCHD in the T2DM treatment has more advantages than conventional treatment alone, which can further regulate the glucose and lipid metabolism, reduce insulin resistance, improve islet function and lower BMI. DCHD alone also plays a certain role in regulating glucose. Meanwhile, DCHD is relatively safe. However, limited by the quality and quantity of included studies, the efficacy and safety of DCHD remain uncertain. More high-quality studies are still needed to provide more reliable evidence for the clinical application of DCHD. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?ID=CRD42021296718, identifier CRD42021296718.
Individual Case Safety Reports Analysis for Patients with Diabetes Mellitus on Insulin in Africa and the Middle East; Background: The growing numbers of patients with diabetes mellitus in Africa and the Middle East on antidiabetic therapies necessitate an understanding of adverse event (AE) reporting in these regions. Objective: The aim of the study was to provide an AE reporting overview in patients using insulin in Africa and the Middle East by characterizing and comparing individual case safety reports (IC-SRs) features. Methods: The cross-sectional study analyzed ICSR data from a global pharmaceutical company’s pharmacovigilance database for January to December 2018 to describe and compare patient demographics, report sources, reporter types, ICSR seriousness, suspect products, indication for insulin use and AE preferred terms, by country. Results: Overall 7076 ICSRs were analyzed, 63.6% from the Middle East. Most ICSRs were nonserious (91.5%), from solicited sources (83.5%), and reported by consumers (70.7%). Patients from the Middle East were, on average, 34.2 years of age, had gestational diabetes mellitus as indication (64.3%), insulin detemir as suspect product (76.5%), and exposure during pregnancy as AE preferred term (89.1%). Patients from Africa were 48.1 years old on average, a higher proportion of type 2 diabetes mellitus was observed (52.2%), human insulin was the suspect product (51.6%), and blood glucose increased the AE preferred term (23.1%). Few macrovascular and microvascular complications were reported (< 1% in both regions). Associations between the region and patient age, gender, report sources, reporter types, indications for insulin use, suspect products, and AE preferred term were significant (p < 0.001). Conclusion: ICSRs features were region-specific and dependent on patient age, gender, report sources, reporter types, suspect products, and AE preferred terms.
Maternal hemodynamic changes in gestational diabetes: a prospective case–control study; Purpose: The aim of the study is to compare maternal hemodynamic adaptations in gestational diabetes (GDM) versus healthy pregnancies. Methods: A prospective case–control study was conducted, comparing 69 singleton pregnancies with GDM and 128 controls, recruited between September 2018 and April 2019 in Maternal–Fetal Medicine Unit, Careggi University Hospital, Florence, Italy. Hemodynamic assessment by UltraSonic Cardiac Output Monitor (USCOM) was performed in both groups in four gestational age intervals: 17–20 weeks (only in early GDM cases), 26–30 weeks, 32–35 weeks and 36–39 weeks. We evaluated six hemodynamic parameters comparing GDM cases versus controls: cardiac output (CO), cardiac index (CI), stroke volume (SV), total vascular resistance (TVR), inotropy index (INO) and potential to kinetic energy ratio (PKR). Results: GDM group had significantly lower values of CO and SV than controls from the early third trimester (26–30 weeks) until term (p < 0.001). CI is significantly lower in GDM women already at the first evaluation (p = 0.002), whereas TVR and PKR were significantly higher in GDM (p < 0.001). GDM women showed also lower INO values than controls in all assessments. Conclusions: A hemodynamic maternal maladaptation to pregnancy can be detected in GDM women. The effect of hyperglycemia on vascular system or a poor pre-pregnancy cardiovascular (CV) reserve could explain this hemodynamic maladaptation. The abnormal CV response to pregnancy in GDM women may reveal a predisposition to develop CV disease later in life and might help in identifying patients who need a CV follow‐up.
Association between maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels in 8-year-old children: The Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS); Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common pregnancy-related complications; it is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and metabolic disorders in offspring, consistent with the concept of the developmental origins of health and disease. This cohort study of women without diabetes (n = 761), who were part of the Yamanashi Adjunct Study of the Japan Environment and Children’s Study, aimed to explore the associations between maternal GDM and their offspring’s level of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), a biomarker of inflammatory and cardiovascular diseases. We analyzed the associations between GDM and the offspring’s hsCRP levels using a multiple logistic regression model. A mother with GDM significantly increased the risk for high hsCRP level by 4.07-fold (≥2.0 mg/L) in the child. As such, maternal GDM was significantly associated with increased serum hsCRP levels in 8-year-old children.
Neonatal seizures: diagnostic updates based on new definition and classification; Neonatal seizures are the most common neurological symptoms caused by various etiologies in the neonatal period, but their diagnosis and treatment are challenging because their pathophysiology and electroclinical manifestations differ from those of patients in older age groups. Many seizures present as electrographic-only events without clinical signs or as obscure clinical manifestations that are difficult to distinguish from other neonatal behaviors. Accordingly, a new definition and classification of neonatal seizures was recently proposed by the International League Against Epilepsy Task Force on neonatal seizures, highlighting the role of electroencephalography in diagnosing and treating neonatal seizures. Neonatal seizures are defined as electrographic events with sudden, paroxysmal, and abnormal alteration of activity and divided into electroclinical seizures and electrographic-only seizures according to their clinical signs, thus excluding clinical events without an electro graphic correlation. Seizure types are described by their predominant clinical features and divided into motor (automatisms, clonic, epileptic spasms, myoclonic, tonic, and sequential), nonmotor (autonomic and behavioral arrest), and unclassified. Although many neonatal seizures are acute reactive events caused by hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy or vascular insults, structural, genetic, or metabolic etiologies of neonatal-onset epilepsy should also be thoroughly evaluated to determine their appropriate management.
Association between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal morbidity: An analysis of real-world data from a nationwide claims database in Japan; Background: Depression during pregnancy is relatively undertreated; however, the relationship between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal outcomes remains controversial. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used a Japanese nationwide claims database. Data of 114,359 singletons born between January 2005 and November 2019 were used to evaluate the relationship between prenatal exposure to antidepressants and neonatal morbidity. Results: Of 2892 mothers with a history of depression before delivery, 352 (12.1%) received prescriptions within three months before delivery (MP3), and 2540 did not (non-MP3). The participants were propensity score matched (PSM) in a ratio of 1:3 using logistic regression (MP3_PSM [n = 351] vs non-MP3_PSM [n = 1052]), and maternal prescriptions of antidepressants within three months before delivery were associated with neonatal morbidity indicators, including admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) (15.7 vs. 9.1%, odds ratio (OR) 1.9 [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.3–2.6]), poor neonatal adaptation syndrome (6.0 vs 1.0%, OR 6.6 [95% CI: 3.1–14.2]), transient tachycardia (15.7 vs. 6.7%, OR 2.6 [95% CI: 1.8–3.8]), and meconium aspiration syndrome (3.1 vs 0.7%, OR 4.8 [95% CI, 1.9–12.5]). There were no significant differences in the long-term duration of stay at the NICU (>15 days). Limitations: Confounding factors may remain even after the propensity matching. Conclusion: Maternal prescription of antidepressants within three months before delivery was associated with increased admission to the NICU. However, the absolute risk of severe neonatal morbidity was low. Therefore, collaborative care for prenatal depression and the neonatal intensive care is warranted.
Increased fetal epicardial fat thickness: A reflecting finding for GDM and perinatal outcomes; Objective: To study the value of fetal epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in gestational diabetes mellitus in the third trimester of pregnancy and its relationship with clinical parameters and perinatal outcomes. Methods: A total of 80 participants, including 40 with diagnosed GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women, were included in the study. Demographic data were obtained from medical records. Sonographic examinations were performed, such as amniotic fluid value, fetal biometric measurements, and Doppler parameters of the umbilical artery. Fetal EFT values were measured at the free wall of the right ventricle using a reference line with echocardiographic methods. Correlation tests were performed to evaluate the relationship between fetal EFT and clinical and perinatal parameters. p <.05 were interpreted as statistically significant. Results: The fetal EFT value was statistically higher in the GDM group than in the control group (p:.000). Spearman and Pearson correlation tests revealed statistically significant but weak positive correlations between fetal EFT value, 1-h 100-g OGTT, birth weight, and BMI (r:.198, p:.047; r:.395, p:.012; r:.360, p:.042, respectively). The optimal fetal EFT threshold for predicting GDM disease was found as 1.55 mm, with a specificity of 74.4% and sensitivity of 75.0%. Statistically significant differences between the two groups in umbilical artery Doppler resistance index (RI), pulsatility index (PI), and systolic/diastolic ratio (S/D) were not found (p:.337; p:.503; p:.155;). BMI and amniotic fluid volume were higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p:.009; p <.01). Conclusion: This study demonstrated that increased fetal EFT may occur as a reflection of changes in glucose metabolism in intrauterine life. Future studies with larger series, including the study of neonatal metabolic parameters, will contribute to the understanding of the importance of fetal EFT in determining the metabolic status of the fetus.
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal right heart growth in late-term pregnancy: A prospective study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy strongly associated with an increased risk of structural fetal abnormalities. As the fetal heart grows quickly during the late-term pregnancy period, it is important to understand fetal heart growth before birth. This study explored how GDM affects fetal heart growth by evaluating basic echocardiography indicators during late pregnancy. Methods: This prospective, longitudinal study included 63 GDM patients (GDM group) and 67 healthy pregnant women (control group). All subjects underwent fetal echocardiography scans at gestational weeks 28–32, 32–36, and 36–40. Twelve echocardiographic indicators were assessed at each observation and analyzed by using a mixed model. Results: The left atrial diameter (LA) and left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (LV) similarly increased from the first to the third observation. The right ventricular end-diastolic diameter (RV) was significantly different between the groups, and a group × time interaction was detected. The tricuspid annular peak systolic velocity (s') increased more rapidly in the GDM than the control group during the first to second observations, and the group × time interaction was significant. The increase in the tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) of the GDM group was “slow-fast”, while that of the control group was “fast-slow”, during three observations. After adjusting covariates, the group difference and interaction effect of TAPSE and RV remained significant. Conclusions: The differences in fetal right heart indicators between the GDM and control groups suggest that GDM may affect the structure and functional growth of the fetal right heart during late-term pregnancy.
A new look at the role of nitric oxide in preeclampsia: Protein S-nitrosylation; The formation of S-nitrosothiols (SNOs) occurs with the reaction of nitric oxide (NO) and free thiol groups in proteins. This process, called S-nitrosylation, allows NO to interfere with or even modulate a variety of cellular functions, culminating with the modification of protein trafficking, redox state, and cell cycle. Furthermore, NO plays a role in modulating a wide range of functions in endothelial cells specifically, including inflammation, apoptosis, permeability, migration, and cell growth. As such, NO acts as a mediator in several physiological processes. The interaction between endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and proteins that are to be targeted for S-nitrosylation is a key determinant of the specificity of NO signaling. Deficits in the bioavailability of NO have been associated with pregnancy-related disorders, such as preeclampsia (PE). The study of S-nitrosylation in PE, as well as the identification of targeted proteins, may contribute to a better understanding of its pathophysiology and the development of drugs for the treatment of PE patients. In this review, we aimed to present the mechanism of S-nitrosylation, the regulatory pathways, and some proteins by which S-nitrosylation can modulate NO availability with a potential impact on PE.
Therapeutic Role of Curcumin in Diabetes: An Analysis Based on Bioinformatic Findings; Background: Diabetes is an increasingly prevalent global disease caused by the impairment in insulin production or insulin function. Diabetes in the long term causes both microvascular and macrovascular complications that may result in retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, peripheral arterial disease, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Considerable effort has been expended looking at the numerous genes and pathways to explain the mechanisms leading to diabetes-related complications. Curcumin is a traditional medicine with several properties such as being antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, anti-cancer, and anti-microbial, which may have utility for treating diabetes complications. This study, based on the system biology approach, aimed to investigate the effect of curcumin on critical genes and pathways related to diabetes. Methods: We first searched interactions of curcumin in three different databases, including STITCH, TTD, and DGIdb. Subsequently, we investigated the critical curated protein targets for diabetes on the OMIM and DisGeNET databases. To find important clustering groups (MCODE) and critical hub genes in the network of diseases, we created a PPI network for all proteins obtained for diabetes with the aid of a string database and Cytoscape software. Next, we investigated the possible interactions of curcumin on diabetes-related genes using Venn diagrams. Furthermore, the impact of curcumin on the top scores of modular clusters was analysed. Finally, we conducted biological process and pathway enrichment analysis using Gene Ontology (GO) and KEGG based on the enrichR web server. Results: We acquired 417 genes associated with diabetes, and their constructed PPI network contained 298 nodes and 1651 edges. Next, the analysis of centralities in the PPI network indicated 15 genes with the highest centralities. Additionally, MCODE analysis identified three modular clusters, which highest score cluster (MCODE 1) comprises 19 nodes and 92 edges with 10.22 scores. Screening curcumin interactions in the databases identified 158 protein targets. A Venn diagram of genes related to diabetes and the protein targets of curcumin showed 35 shared proteins, which observed that curcumin could strongly interact with ten of the hub genes. Moreover, we demonstrated that curcumin has the highest interaction with MCODE1 among all MCODs. Several significant biological pathways in KEGG enrichment associated with 35 shared included the AGE-RAGE signaling pathway in diabetic complications, HIF-1 signaling pathway, PI3K-Akt signaling pathway, TNF signaling, and JAK-STAT signaling pathway. The biological processes of GO analysis were involved with the cellular response to cytokine stimulus, the cytokine-mediated signaling pathway, positive regulation of intracellular signal transduction and cytokine production in the inflammatory response. Conclusion: Curcumin targeted several important genes involved in diabetes, supporting the previous research suggesting that it may have utility as a therapeutic agent in diabetes.
Association and Interaction Effect of BHMT Gene Polymorphisms and Maternal Dietary Habits with Ventricular Septal Defect in Offspring; This study attempted to learn the association between maternal betaine-homocysteine methyltransferase (BHMT) gene polymorphisms, maternal dietary habits, and their interactions with the risk of ventricular septal defects (VSD) in offspring. A total of 426 mothers of VSD children and 740 control mothers were included in the study. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the level of associations and interaction effects. Our study suggested that mothers reporting excessive intake of smoked foods (aOR = 2.44, 95%CI: 1.89–3.13), barbecued foods (aOR = 1.86, 95%CI: 1.39–2.48), fried foods (aOR = 1.93, 95%CI: 1.51–2.46), and pickled vegetables (aOR = 2.50, 95%CI: 1.92–3.25) were at a significantly higher risk of VSD in offspring, instead, mothers reporting regular intake of fresh fruits (aOR = 0.47, 95%CI: 0.36–0.62), fish and shrimp (aOR = 0.35, 95%CI: 0.28–0.44), fresh eggs, (aOR = 0.56, 95%CI: 0.45–0.71), beans (aOR = 0.68, 95%CI: 0.56–0.83), and milk products (aOR = 0.67, 95%CI: 0.56–0.80) were at a lower risk of VSD in offspring. In addition, maternal BHMT gene polymorphisms at rs1316753 (CG vs. CC: aOR = 2.01, 95%CI: 1.43–2.83) and rs1915706 (CT vs. TT: (aOR = 1.81, 95%CI: 1.33–2.46) were significantly associated with increased risk of VSD in offspring. Furthermore, a significant interaction between BHMT polymorphisms and maternal bean intake was identified in the study. In conclusion, Maternal BHMT polymorphisms at rs1316753 and rs1915706, dietary habits as well as their interaction were observed to be significantly associated with the risk of VSD in offspring.
Circular RNAs in diabetes mellitus and its complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an endocrine disorder characterized by a relative or absolute lack of insulin due to the dysfunction or destruction of β-cells. DM is one of the fastest growing challenges to global health in the 21st century and places a tremendous burden on affected individuals and their families and countries. Although insulin and antidiabetic drugs have been used to treat DM, a radical cure for the disease is unavailable. The pathogenesis of DM remains unclear. Emerging roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in DM have become a subject of global research. CircRNAs have been verified to participate in the onset and progression of DM, implying their potential roles as novel biomarkers and treatment tools. In the present review, we briefly introduce the characteristics of circRNAs. Next, we focus on specific roles of circRNAs in type 1 diabetes mellitus, type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus and diabetes-associated complications.
Association between Functional Connectivity of Entorhinal Cortex and Olfactory Performance in Parkinson’s Disease; The present study aimed to investigate the association between the functional connectivity (FC) of the olfactory cortex and olfactory performance in Parkinson’s disease (PD). Eighty-two early PD patients and twenty-one healthy controls underwent structural and resting-state functional MRI scans, as well as neuropsychological assessments from the Parkinson’s Progression Markers Initiative database. A whole brain voxel-wise regression analysis was conducted to evaluate the relationship between the FC of the entorhinal cortex (EC-FC) and olfactory performance. Then, a one-way ANCOVA, based on the regions of interest, was performed with SPSS to investigate the group differences and correlation analysis that were used to analyze the relationships between the FC and neuropsychological assessments. In addition, regression models were used to evaluate the risk factors for the decreased olfactory function. A significantly negative correlation was observed between the olfactory performance and the left EC-FC in the right dorsal cingulate gyrus (dCC) in patients. The PD patients with anosmia exhibited significantly higher FC values than the PD patients with normal olfaction or the PD patients with mild to moderate microsomia. Except for the olfactory performance, no significant correlation was detected between the neuropsychological assessments and the FC values. A linear regression analysis revealed that the increased FC and Geriatric Depression Scale are independently associated with lower the University of Pennsylvania Smell Identification Test scores. The current findings enhanced the understanding of olfactory dysfunction-related pathophysiological mechanisms in early PD and suggested that the left EC-FC in the right dCC may be a potential neuroimaging biomarker for olfactory performance.
Health Outcomes in Children Associated with Prenatal and Early-Life Exposures to Air Pollution: A Narrative Review; (1) Background: The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis links adverse fetal exposures with developmental mal-adaptations and morbidity later in life. Short- and long-term exposures to air pollutants are known contributors to health outcomes; however, the potential for developmental health effects of air pollution exposures during gestation or early-childhood have yet to be reviewed and synthesized from a DOHaD lens. The objective of this study is to summarize the literature on cardiovascular and metabolic, respiratory, allergic, and neuropsychological health outcomes, from prenatal development through early childhood, associated with early-life exposures to outdoor air pollutants, including traffic-related and wildfire-generated air pollutants. (2) Methods: We conducted a search using PubMed and the references of articles previously known to the authors. We selected papers that investigated health outcomes during fetal or childhood development in association with early-life ambient or source-specific air pollution exposure. (3) Results: The current literature reports that prenatal and early-childhood exposures to ambient and traffic-related air pollutants are associated with a range of adverse outcomes in early life, including cardiovascular and metabolic, respiratory and allergic, and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Very few studies have investigated associations between wildfire-related air pollution exposure and health outcomes during prenatal, postnatal, or childhood development. (4) Conclusion: Evidence from January 2000 to January 2022 supports a role for prenatal and early-childhood air pollution exposures adversely affecting health outcomes during development. Future studies are needed to identify both detrimental air pollutants from the exposure mixture and critical exposure time periods, investigate emerging exposure sources such as wildfire, and develop feasible interventional tools.
Prenatal diagnosis and management of a giant intrahepatic arteriovenous malformation—Sonographic findings, clinical implications, and treatment; Prenatal detection of complex giant hepatic arteriovenous malformation requires an examination of the affected fetal hemodynamic situation with emphasis on the affected arterial supply pattern. Early pediatric surgeon presentation is needed, as timely surgical intervention appears to be essential.
Excessive gestational weight gain is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes mellitus in singleton pregnancies: Results from a French cohort study; Objective: Increase in prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide raises concern among health professionals. Our purpose was to evaluate the impact of maternal obesity and of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) on the course of singleton pregnancies in a French maternity ward. Study design: 3599 consecutive women who delivered from April 2013 to May 2015 at Brest University Hospital were included in HPP-IPF cohort study, a study designed to evaluate clinical and biological determinants of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal obesity was defined by a pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 and excessive GWG was defined according to the Institute of Medicine 2009 guidelines. Obstetric complications (including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, venous thromboembolism, PPH, cesarean section (C-section) and macrosomia) were collected prospectively in a standardized case report form. For each complication, Odd Ratios (OR) according to pre-pregnancy BMI and GWG were calculated in univariable and multivariable analyses. Results: Out of the 3162 women analyzed for this report, 583 (18.4%) were overweight, 400 (12.7%) were obese and 36.6% had excessive GWG. In multivariable analysis, after adjustment for confounding factors, obese women were at increased risk of GDM (OR 5.83, 95%CI 4.37–7.79), PPH (OR 1.69, 95%CI 1.19–2.41), C-section (OR 2.50, 95%CI 1.92–3.26) and macrosomia (OR 1.90, 95%CI 1.31–2.76). Similarly, women with excessive GWG were at increased risk of GDM (OR 1.55, 95%CI 1.17–2.06), C-section (OR 1.46, 95%CI 1.16–1.83) and macrosomia (OR 2.09, 95%CI 1.50–2.91). Conclusions: Maternal obesity and excessive GWG are independent risk factors for GDM, C-section and macrosomia in singleton pregnancies. Further studies are needed to evaluate if a lifestyle intervention aiming at avoiding excessive GWG could improve clinical outcomes in pregnant women.
History of Endometriosis Is Independently Associated with an Increased Risk of Ovarian Cancer; Background: Endometriosis is a complex gynecologic disorder that has been associated with a higher risk of ovarian cancer. The purpose of this work is to determine to what extent a history of endometriosis is a risk factor for ovarian cancer in a Spanish population. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted using de-identified data from the Spanish National Health System’s “Primary Care Clinical Database” and “Hospital Minimum Basic Data Set” for the period 2013–2017. Multiple logistics regression analysis was conducted to determine associations between ovarian cancer and endometriosis controlled by sociodemographic characteristics and comorbidities. Results: Data from 608,980 women were analyzed, with 4505 presenting ovarian cancer. Endometriosis patients were shown to have a 2.66-fold increased risk of ovarian cancer when compared to those who did not have endometriosis by controlling age and other relevant comorbidities. Conclusions: This case–control study based on clinical administrative data has found that a history of endometriosis is independently associated with an increased risk of ovarian cancer. More research is needed to determine if a history of endometriosis affects survival results in ovarian cancer patients.
Fetal Growth and Neonatal Outcomes in Pregestational Diabetes Mellitus in a Population with a High Prevalence of Diabetes; The aim of this retrospective study, conducted in an Italian tertiary care hospital, was to evaluate maternal-fetal and neonatal clinical outcomes in a group of patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), such as diabetes mellitus type 1 (DM1), diabetes mellitus type 2 (DM2), and maturity onset diabetes of the young (MODY). Overall, 174 pregnant women, nulliparous and multiparous, with a single pregnancy were enrolled. Data on pregnancy, childbirth, and newborns were collected from medical records. The selected patients were divided into two groups: the PGDM group (42 with DM1, 14 with DM2, and 2 with MODY), and the control group (116 patients with a negative pathological history of diabetes mellitus). We reported an incidence of preterm delivery of 55.2% in the PGDM group, including 59.5% of those with DM1 and 42.9% of those with DM2, vs. 6% in the controls. Fetal growth disorders, such as intrauterine growth retardation, small for gestational age, and fetal macrosomia were found in 19% and 3.6% in the case and control groups, respectively. A relationship between DM2 and gestational hypertension was found.
Changes in the Gut Microbiome and Pathologies in Pregnancy; Pregnancy is a special period in a woman’s life when her organism undergoes multiple physiological changes so that the fetus has optimal conditions for growth and development. These include modifications in the composition of the microbiome that occur between the first and third trimesters of pregnancy. There is an increase in Akkermansia, Bifidobacterium, and Firmicutes, which have been associated with an increase in the need for energy storage. The growth in Proteobacteria and Actinobacteria levels has a protective effect on both the mother and the fetus via proinflammatory mechanisms. The aim of the study is to review the research on the relationship between the mother’s intestinal microbiome and gestational pathologies. Changes in the maternal gut microbiome is probably one of the mechanisms that occurs in various pregnancy diseases such as preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, excessive gestational weight gain, and premature birth. For this reason, it seems vital to pay attention to certain interventions that can benefit the affected patients both in the short term, by preventing complications during pregnancy, and in the long term, as one of the mechanisms occurring in various gestational diseases is dysbiosis of the maternal intestinal flora.
Influence of Gender in Diabetes Mellitus and Its Complication; In medicine, there is growing evidence that gender differences are important and lead to variations in the pathophysiology and treatment of many diseases with traits that appear to be particularly relevant in influencing the outcomes of many morbid forms. Today, the inclusion of gender in biomedical research, to improve the scientific quality and scientific relevance of knowledge, of technology is an increasingly present element precisely due to the practical implications that derive from it. Gender differences describe the biological variability between women and men, which is, in turn, related to differences in the information contained in sex chromosomes, the specific gene expression of autosomes linked to sex, the different number and quality of sex hormones, and their different effects on systems and organs, without neglecting the fact that each of the sexes has different target organs on which these hormones act. Additionally, both genders undergo metabolic changes throughout their lives, and this is especially true for women who show more dramatic changes due to their role in reproduction. Gender differences are not only the result of our genetic makeup but are also mixed with socio-cultural habits, behaviors, and lifestyles, differences between women and men, exposure to specific environmental influences, different food and lifestyle styles or stress, or different attitude in compliance with treatments and disease prevention campaigns. Gender differences also affect behavior throughout life, and physical changes can have implications for lifestyle, social roles, and mental health. Therefore, determinism and therapeutic outcome in chronic diseases are influenced by a complex combination of biological and environmental factors, not forgetting that there are many interactions of social and biological factors in women and men. This review will address the role of gender differences in the management of various forms of diabetes and its complications considering the different biological functions of hormones, the difference in body composition, physiological differences in glucose and fat metabolism, also considering the role of the microbiota. intestinal, as well as the description of gestational diabetes linked to possible pathophysiological events typical of reproduction.
SIMPSON-GOLABI-BEHMEL syndrome type 1: How placental immunohistochemistry can rapidly Predict the diagnosis; Introduction: Glypican-3 (GPC3) is an oncofetal protein involved in cellular signaling, strongly expressed in the placenta, absent or diminished in postnatal life, but often increased in human malignancies. Germline loss-of-function variants of GPC3 gene are associated with Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 (SGBS1), a rare recessive X-linked overgrowth disease characterized by typical facial features, congenital abnormalities, and an increased risk of developing childhood cancers. Methods: A clinical suspicion of SGBS1 was postulated for a newborn with prenatal history of overgrowth and polyhydramnios, presenting with neonatal weight and length >99th percentile, coarse facies, iris and retinal coloboma, supernumerary nipples, and splenomegaly. While waiting for whole-genome sequencing (WGS) results, we investigated placental GPC3 immunohistochemical expression in the proband, in three additional cases of SGBS1, and disorders commonly associated with fetal macrosomia and/or placentomegaly. Results: WGS in the proband identified a likely pathogenic maternally inherited missense variant in GPC3: c.1645A > G, (p.Ile549Val), and GPC3 immunohistochemistry demonstrated full-thickness loss of stain of the placental parenchyma. The same pattern (“null”) was also present in the placentas of three additional cases of SGBS1, but not in those of unaffected controls. Discussion: Immunohistochemical expression of GPC3 in the placenta is highly reproducible. Our findings showed that a “null pattern” of staining is predictive of SGBS1 and represents a valuable aid in the differential diagnosis of fetal macrosomias, allowing targeted genetic testing and earlier diagnosis.
Early life determinants of arterial stiffness in neonates, infants, children and adolescents: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background and aims: Certain exposures and risk factors during the first 1,000 days of life are known to influence future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) is a measure of arterial stiffness and a recognised surrogate marker of CVD. We performed a systematic review and meta-analyses to investigate whether early life exposures were associated with increased PWV compared with controls in youth. Methods: Databases AMED, MEDLINE, EMBASE, CINAHL and Scopus were searched from inception until February 2022. Eligibility criteria: observational controlled studies in youth aged <20 years with risk factors/exposure during the first 1,000 days and PWV measurement. This review is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019137559). Outcome data were pooled using random-effects meta-analysis. Meta-regression was used to investigate potential confounders. Results: We identified 24 eligible studies. Age of participants ranged from 1-day to 19-years at time of PWV assessment. Exposures included pre-term birth, small for gestational age (SGA), maternal diabetes and assisted reproductive technologies, none of which were significantly associated with PWV in meta-analysis. Sub-group analysis by age demonstrated increased PWV in childhood and adolescence in those exposed to maternal diabetes or born SGA. In meta-regression of pre-term studies, higher prevalence of SGA was associated with increased PWV compared with controls (p = 0.034, R2 = 1). Conclusions: We found limited evidence that youth exposed to maternal diabetes or born SGA have increased PWV, consistent with increased future CVD risk. These changes in PWV appear to manifest in later childhood and adolescence. Further research is required to better understand the observed relationships.
Bilateral tubal ectopic gestation: Complication in a patient with previous ectopic pregnancy, rare case report; Introduction: Ectopic pregnancy results of implantation of conceptus outside of endometrial cavity. It remains an important cause of maternal mortality. Spontaneous bilateral tubal pregnancies are the rare form of ectopic and are considered spontaneous when no fertility treatments are involved. Case findings: A 31-year-old nulliparous woman presented at the Family Medicine Clinic with complaints of non-specific mild lower abdominal pain for 3 days and amenorrhea for 5 weeks. Transvaginal Ultrasound showed bilateral unruptured adnexa pregnancies. The trial of medical therapy was done without success and later laparotomy salpingostomy was done. One year later patient was able to conceive and delivery well by cesareans section. Discussion: Bilateral ectopic pregnancy is a unique from of twin pregnancy frequently occurring with assisted reproductive technology rather than spontaneous pregnancy. Diagnosis of bilateral ectopic pregnancy is often challenging as the clinical symptoms and signs may not be indicative of bilateral involvement. Laboratory test with βhcg levels cannot suggestive if is unilateral or bilateral nature and sonographers may be falsely reassured if they are not careful and satisfied with visualization of ectopic gestation on one side. Laparoscopic salpingostomy or salpingectomy is the gold standard treatment modality for bilateral tubal ectopic pregnancy although laparotomy may be indicated in unstable patient. Conclusion and recommendation: Therefore, any women in childbearing age presenting with clinical features of acute lower abdominal pain should be considered to have potential ectopic gestation.
Adrenal insufficiency due to high doses of maternal corticosteroid treatment in a premature baby; Adrenal insufficiency (AI) in a newborn due to hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis suppression after maternal glucocorticoid therapy during pregnancy is a rare condition. We report an AI triggered by a nosocomial infection in a premature newborn. The suspected mechanism was the suppression of the HPA axis due to high doses of maternal glucocorticoid treatment during pregnancy. AI was revealed by recurrent hypoglycaemia and mild hyponatraemia during the neonatal period. His twin brother did not develop AI, showing the variable sensitivity of adrenal suppression after exposure to the same glucocorticoid dose. The affected boy was substituted with hydrocortisone until the age of 2 years. At this age, basal morning values for cortisol and Adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) had normalised. The patient also suffers from galactosaemia. We suggest screening for AI, by testing for hypoglycaemia and hyponatraemia, in newborns who were exposed to high doses of maternal methylprednisolone treatment during the pregnancy and to include galactosaemia in national neonatal screening programmes.
Lipid profiles and the prevalence of dyslipidemia in pregnancy; Background and Aims : Physiological changes in the lipid metabolism (elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), triglycerides (TG) and lipoprotein(a) Lp(a)) occur during pregnancy. However, dyslipiemia is associated with gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia and preterm birth. High level of total cholesterol due to greater concentrations of LDL-C and reduced level of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) promote atherosclerosis. Moreover, severe hypertriglyceridemia (SHTG) is a potent risk factor for development of acute pancreatitis. The aim of this study was to evaluate serum lipid profiles and the prevalence of dyslipidemia among middle aged pregnant females without established cardiovascular diseases. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the medical records of 147 middle-aged women during pregnancy and 24-months after delivery. Fasting blood samples were assayed for total cholesterol, LDL-C, TG, HDL-C, apolipoprotein A1 (Apo A1) and Apo B concentrations during the first, second, third trimesters and 24-months after delivery. The atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) was calculated as log (TG/HDL-C). Free T4, T3 and TSH were measured for detecting subclinical hypothyroidism. Results: The prevalence of dyslipidemia was observed in 37%. Moreover, 29% of them had subclinical hypothyroidism. Current knowledge on the relationship between lipids and both thyroid hormones and THS is insufficient. The prevalence of dyslipidemia was significantly higher in pregnant females aged 42 years and older (TC, OR=2.5; HDL-C less than 1, OR=1.8; LDL-C greater than 3,9, OR=1.7). The TG, LDL-C, Apo A1 and Apo B levels raised significantly between 19 to 37 weeks and maintained high during next 16 months. Conclusions: Dyslipidemia is associated with advanced age of pregnant female and subclinical hypothyroidism.
Risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm infants: a Meta analysis; Objective To systematically evaluate the risk factors for necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) in preterm infants. Methods PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, and Wanfang Data were searched for case-control studies and cohort studies on the risk factors for NEC in preterm infants published up to December 2021. RevMan 5.3 software was used to perform the Meta analysis. Results A total of 38 studies were included (28 case-control studies and 10 cohort studies). The Meta analysis showed that maternal gestational diabetes (OR=2.96, P<0.001), intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (OR=2.53, P<0.001), preeclampsia (OR=1.73, P=0.020), history of neonatal asphyxia (OR=2.13, P<0.001), low gestational age (OR=1.23, P=0.010), sepsis (OR=5.32, P<0.001), patent ductus arteriosus (OR=1.57, P=0.001), congenital heart disease (OR=3.78, P<0.001), mechanical ventilation (OR=2.23, P=0.020), history of antibiotic use (OR=1.07, P<0.001), use of vasopressors (OR=2.34, P=0.040), and fasting (OR=1.08, P<0.001) were risk factors for NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section (OR=0.73, P=0.004), use of pulmonary surfactant (OR=0.43, P= 0.008), and breastfeeding (OR=0.24, P=0.020) were protective factors against NEC. Conclusions Maternal gestational diabetes, intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy, preeclampsia, low gestational age, fasting, sepsis, patent ductus arteriosus, congenital heart disease, and histories of asphyxia, mechanical ventilation, antibiotic use, and use of vasopressors may increase the risk of NEC in preterm infants, while cesarean section, use of pulmonary surfactant, and breastfeeding may decrease the risk of NEC in preterm infants.
Health Care Professional's Knowledge of Pregnancy Complications and Women's Cardiovascular Health: An International Study Utilizing Social Media; Background: Despite guidelines recommending the evaluation of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) as a part of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) risk assessment in women, there is limited awareness of this issue in health care professionals. We sought to evaluate the extent of this gap in knowledge. Methods: An online study using a standardized questionnaire was advertised through newsletters and websites of professional organizations. After a low response rate, the link to the survey was announced on Twitter and via personal email invitations. Differences between groups of respondents were evaluated with z-tests of proportion. Results: Out of 446 complete responses, there were 315 cardiologists and 112 obstetricians and gynecologists (OBGyns). There was an >90% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes with ASCVD, but only <60% awareness of association of adverse maternal outcomes with preterm birth. There were significant differences in ASCVD risk assessment and awareness of the association of APOs with adverse outcomes between cardiologists and OBGyns, and between female and male cardiologists. A greater proportion of female cardiologists thought that the guidelines recommended annual follow-up for high-risk women. Conversely, a greater proportion of male cardiologists were unsure of the frequency of follow-up of such women in the relevant guidelines. A higher proportion of U.K. respondents thought that women with high-risk pregnancies should never be screened for cardiovascular disease postpartum compared with U.S. respondents. Conclusions: In a self-selected group of health care professionals interested in women's cardiovascular health, there remains a large gap in knowledge and awareness of the association of APOs with ASCVD risk, in particular, a lack of awareness of the association of ASCVD risk with preterm delivery. Specific target groups for improving knowledge regarding these sex-specific risk enhancers include male cardiologists and health care professionals practicing in the United Kingdom.
Fetal supraventricular tachycardia and maternal COVID-19 vaccination: Is there any relationship?; Fetal supraventricular tachycardia accounts for 60-80% of the fetal tachyarrhythmias with prevalence ranging from 1/1000 to 1/25 000 pregnancies. It may be secondary to fetal anomalies or maternal factors. By reviewing the literature, there is no previous article that reports fetal arrhythmia after maternal vaccination. We present herein two cases of fetal supraventricular tachycardia following the administration of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy. Continued safety monitoring and more longitudinal follow-up are needed to evaluate the fetal impact after maternal COVID-19 vaccination. Plain language summary In the setting of the worldwide high surge of COVID-19 infection, vaccination of pregnant women is still debatable. By reviewing the literature, there is no previous article that reports fetal arrhythmia after maternal vaccination. We present herein two cases of fetal supraventricular tachycardia following the administration of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy. Continued safety monitoring and more longitudinal follow-up are needed to evaluate the fetal impact after maternal COVID-19 vaccination.
Evaluation of amplitude-integrated EEG use in the neonatal intensive care unit; Aim: Amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram (aEEG) is widely used in neonatal intensive care units (NICU), as it is easier to interpret than conventional EEG and does not prevent invasive procedures in infants. Although it is frequently used in the diagnosis and follow-up of Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) and neonatal convulsions developing after perinatal asphyxia, the relationship between neurological examination, aEEG and conventional EEG (cEEG) is still not fully understood. Material and Methods: This study was carried out by retrospective evaluation of the patient’s files and aEEG records of 59 infants who were followed up with aEEG in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Karabuk University Training and Research Hospital between January 1, 2020 and January 31, 2022. One infant who was beyond the neonatal period was not included in the analysis. The data of 38 infants with perinatal asphyxia and 20 infants who were prediagnosed with convulsions were evaluated. Results: aEEG results of the infants diagnosed with perinatal asphyxia were found to be highly consistent with neurological examination in the early and late periods (84.2%). However, convulsion was detected in aEEG only in 20% of 20 infants with abnormal movements clinically suggestive of convulsions. Discussion: Our study revealed that the use of aEEG is beneficial in infants who develop HIE after perinatal asphyxia but its benefit in the diagnosis and follow-up of neonatal seizures is not clear. We believe that the use of multi-channel aEEG and/or the use of aEEG together with conventional EEG in neonatal convulsion follow-up will provide more useful information.
Midgestation cardiovascular phenotype in women who develop gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: comparative study; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Mild cardiac functional alterations have been detected in women with GDM or HDP in midgestation, prior to clinical onset of the disease, but these functional alterations have not been found to be useful as screening tools. In contrast, increased impedance to peripheral blood flow, measured by echocardiography or ophthalmic artery Doppler, has been shown to provide incremental value to maternal characteristics for the prediction of pre-eclampsia. However, it is unknown whether similar changes can be detected in women at risk of GDM. In this study, we performed detailed cardiovascular phenotyping in a large, unselected population of women in midgestation to identify similarities and differences in cardiovascular adaptation in women who are at risk of GDM and/or HDP. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included assessment of flow velocity waveforms from the maternal ophthalmic arteries, echocardiography for assessment of maternal cardiovascular function and measurement of uterine artery pulsatility index and serum placental growth factor (PlGF) for assessment of placental perfusion and function. The measured indices were converted to either multiples of the median (MoM) values or deviation from the median (delta) after adjusting for maternal characteristics and elements of medical history. Biomarker delta or MoM values in the GDM and HDP groups were compared with those in the unaffected group using 95% CI and t-tests. RESULTS: The study population of 5214 pregnancies contained 4429 (84.9%) that were unaffected by GDM or HDP, 509 (9.8%) complicated by GDM without HDP, 41 (0.8%) with GDM and HDP, and 235 (4.5%) with HDP without GDM. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there was evidence of impaired placentation, with a decrease in PlGF, and increased impedance to flow in the peripheral circulation, suggested by an increase in ophthalmic artery peak systolic velocity (PSV) ratio, peripheral vascular resistance assessed on echocardiography and mean arterial pressure. In the GDM group without HDP, there was no evidence of altered placental perfusion or function and ophthalmic artery PSV ratio was not significantly different from that in the unaffected group; peripheral vascular resistance and mean arterial pressure were increased but to a lesser degree than in the HDP group. In the HDP group, there was an increase in global longitudinal systolic strain and slight increase in isovolumic relaxation time, while in the GDM group, there was an increase in mitral valve E/e', myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSIONS: In midgestation, women who subsequently develop HDP or GDM have a mild subclinical reduction in left ventricular function. In HDP cases, with or without GDM, there is evidence of impaired placentation and all biomarkers of impedance to peripheral blood flow are consistently increased. In contrast, in the GDM group without HDP, biomarkers of placental function are normal and those of impedance to peripheral blood flow are either marginally increased or not significantly different from those in normal pregnancies. © 2022 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Oxidative stress contributes to reductions in microvascular endothelial- and nitric oxide-dependent dilation in women with a history of gestational diabetes; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are twice as likely to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) and ∼7 times as likely to develop type 2 diabetes as their age-matched counterparts. However, the mechanism(s) mediating these associations remain unclear. We hypothesized that endothelium- and (nitric oxide) NO-dependent dilation would be attenuated through oxidant stress mechanisms in the microvasculature of women with a history of GDM compared with control women with a history of uncomplicated pregnancy (HC). Ten HC (35 ± 4 yr) and 10 GDM (34 ± 4 yr) underwent a standard local heating protocol (42°C; 0.1°C·s-1). Two intradermal microdialysis fibers were placed in the ventral forearm for local delivery of lactated Ringer's (control) or 5 mM l-ascorbate. After full expression of the local heating response, 15 mM NG-nitro-l-arginine methyl ester (NO synthase inhibition) was perfused. Red cell flux was measured continuously by laser-Doppler flowmetry, and cutaneous vascular conductance (CVC = flux/MAP) was standardized to maximum (% CVCmax; 28 mM SNP + 43°C). Urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) was measured. GDM had attenuated endothelium-dependent (GDM: 67 ± 7 vs. HC: 90 ± 4% CVCmax; P < 0.001) and NO-dependent (GDM: 54 ± 7 vs. HC: 71 ± 3% CVCmax; P = 0.001) dilation at the control site and tended to have higher urine ACR (P = 0.06). Both endothelium-dependent (R2 = 0.53, P = 0.02) and NO-dependent (R2 = 0.56, P = 0.01) dilation were related to urine ACR in GDM. l-ascorbate perfusion improved endothelium-dependent (82 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.03 vs. control) and NO-dependent (68 ± 5% CVCmax; P = 0.02 vs. control) dilation in GDM but had no effect in HC (P > 0.05). Otherwise healthy women with a history of GDM have attenuated microvascular endothelial function and this dysfunction is mediated, in part, by oxidative stress.NEW & NOTEWORTHY Women who have gestational diabetes during pregnancy are at greater risk for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in the decade following pregnancy. However, the mechanisms mediating this increased risk are unclear. Herein, we demonstrate that microvascular dysfunction, mediated by increase in oxidative stress, persists after pregnancy in women who had gestational diabetes, despite the remission of glucose tolerance.
Benign idiopathic transient severe isolated right ventricular hypertrophy (BITSI RVH) in neonates-a case series; Background and Aim: Isolated severe right ventricular hypertrophy (RVH) is a rare finding in neonates. Although a few etiological/causative factors have been described for secondary RVH in neo-nates, idiopathic RVH is even rarer. The aim of the study is to ana-lyze the history, clinical findings, echocardiography findings, management and follow up of neonates with benign idiopathic transient severe isolated right ventricular hypertrophy, and propose criteria for diagnosis. Methods: Of all the neonates (n = 3632) undergoing echocardiog-raphy study at a single tertiary pediatric cardiology referral centre, from February 2013 to December 2019, neonates with a diagnosis of isolated RVH (n = 34) were included in the case series. Neonates with structural heart defects or other causes known to cause RVH (pulmonary stenosis/atresia, persistent pulmonary hypertension of newborn, infants of diabetic mother, inborn errors of metabolism, etc.) were excluded. The antenatal history, birth details, symptomatology, clinical and echocardiography findings, and follow up details were collected and analyzed. Results: Irrespective of the gestational age, mode of delivery, gen-der and clinical status, certain echocardiography findings were present in all the 34 neonates-severe right ventricular hypertro-phy, inter-atrial communication shunting either right to left or bidirectional, mild to moderate tricuspid regurgitation, mild or no pulmonary regurgitation, no right or left ventricular outflow tract obstruction, normal pulmonary artery pressures for age, and normal left ventricular dimensions. Conclusion: Benign idiopathic transient severe isolated right ven-tricular hypertrophy (BITSI RVH) is an entity seen in neonates who have isolated severe RVH without any discernible cause (idi-opathic), which by its presence per se doesn't cause any major hemodynamic problem (benign), and resolves on its own without any treatment within 6-12 weeks of life (transient). It is a distinct cause of (transient) cyanosis in neonates. Not only is it underdiag-nosed, but also underreported. Hence criteria for diagnosis of BITSI RVH have been proposed for ease of diagnosis, manage-ment and prognostication.
The impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardio-vascular system of children at one year of age; Background and Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Methods: 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study between August 2015 and December 2018. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as con-trols. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a spe-cific standardized protocol including anthropometric data such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic Intima-Media-Thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 minutes 3-channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by Phase Rectified Signal Averaging. Results: There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the Intima-Media-Thickness of the Aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceler-ation capacity (AAC) (study group-20,10 ± 3,04 ms, control group-18,87 ± 4,00 ms, p = 0,02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Conclusion: Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long-term effects.
Effect of physical activity on cardiovascular health in six-year-old children born to mothers with high cardiometabolic risk; Background and Aim: Physical activity decreases cardiovascular (CV) risk and triggers heart remodelling in adulthood. We aimed to assess associations between objectively measured physical activity and CV health in early childhood. Methods: Longitudinal observational follow-up study of 160 chil-dren (boys, N = 86) originating from Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL). Children born to mothers with increased cardiometabolic risk (BMI ≥ 30kg/m2, N = 93; gesta-tional diabetes, N = 73) were examined at 6.05 ± 0.5 years (mean ± SD) with anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure (BP), fasting glycaemia and lipids, energy intake, physical activity with accelerometery, pulse wave velocity (PVW), heart and vas-cular ultrasound. Results: BMI Z-score, systolic and diastolic BP Z-scores were elevated in comparison to reference population (mean ± SD; 0.45 ± 0.92, 0.42 ± 0.70, and 0.45 ± 0.64, respectively). Boys had longer moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) dura-tion than girls (mean ± SD, 81 ± 22 min/day vs. 66 ± 19 min/day, Plt; 0.001), and lower body fatness (mean ± SD, 14.9 ± 4.8 % vs. 18.7 ± 5.0 %, Plt;0.0001). MVPA was weakly negatively associated with child body fatness, but did not significantly correlate with fast-ing glucose or lipids (Table 1). MVPA was inversely associated with diastolic blood pressure Z-score in boys (r =-0.26, P = 0.02). In multivariable linear regression models, MVPA was weakly, but independently associated with left ventricular mass and volumes, and resting heart rate (Table 1). Child carotid artery lumen diam-eter, intima-media thickness, distensibility coefficient, and central and peripheral PVW were not associated with physical activity. Conclusion: In high-risk population of 6-year-old children, physi-cal activity levels are higher among boys. At this stage, physical activity has a weak negative association with child adiposity and blood pressure. A physical activity-related increase in left ventricu-lar mass and volumes, and a decrease in resting heart rate could represent a physiological adaptation during early childhood.
TISSUE DOPPLER ECHOCARDIOGRAPHIC EVALUATION OF CARDIAC FUNCTIONS IN INFANTS OF DIABETIC MOTHERS; Aims To assess the echocardiographic parameters in full-term IDM compared to healthy full-term neonates using both conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler imaging. To evaluate the effect of glycemic control on cardiac function in IDM infants' using both conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler imaging. Methods A Prospective case-control study from September 2015 to April 2016 was conducted at Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at El-Nasr Hospital, Egypt. We recruited 50 consecutive full-term infants of diabetic mothers and 30 healthy full-term infants of non-diabetic mothers with age and sex matching. A) Inclusion criteria: a. Neonates with known diagnosis of maternal type 1 or type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes (GD), treated with diet alone, oral hypoglycaemic drugs or associated with insulin therapy. b. Age and sex matching healthy full-term neonates. B) Exclusion criteria: • Maternal history of: hypertension, preeclampsia, rheumatic heart disease or drugs other than insulin. • Infants with confirmed or suggested: 1. Major malformations (Central nervous system, cardiovascular system or respiratory system). 2. Asphyxia or Hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy 3. Chromosomal abnormalities. 4. Intrauterine growth retardation or infections. 5. Neonatal sepsis or RDS. 6. Preterm neonates (less than 37 weeks). 7. Need for mechanical ventilation Results Table 1 showed that Right ventricle (RV), Pulmonary artery (PA), Interventricular septum (IVS), left Ventricular posterior wall(LVPW), IVS/LVPW, Left Atrium (LA), LA/Aorta (AO) and low Mitral Annular Peak Systolic excursion (MAPSE) were significantly higher among cases than controls; while there was no difference as regard Left ventricle end-diastolic dimension (LVEDD),Left ventricle end-systolic dimension (LVESD), Fractional Shortening (FS%), AO and Tricuspid Annular Peak Systolic excursion (TAPSE). This results revealed that Pulsed Wave (PW) Doppler parameters, there was statistically significant difference between 3 groups as regard Mitral E wave velocity (M-E), Mitral E wave velocity/A wave (M-E/A), Tricuspid (T-E), (T-E/ A), PA (2-D) and Estimated systolic pulmonary artery pressure (ESPAP); while there was no difference as regard (M-A) and (T-A) (see table 2). Table 3 showed that PA, IVS and LVPW were statistically significant higher among macrosomic than normal weight infants; while there was no difference as regards other Mmode parameters. Our data showed that there was no difference between macrosomic and normal infants regarding Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) frequency. As regards size, both Patent foramen ovale (PFO) and PDA sizes were nearly comparable without significant difference as shown in table 4. Conclusion • Emphasis on proper control of maternal diabetes before and during pregnancy to improve the outcome. • Echocardiographic screening of IDMs should be considered whenever feasible to detect evidence of LV diastolic dysfunction. This is particularly important in IDMs with poor control of maternal diabetes and/or macrosomia. • IDMs who are LGA on routine antenatal care AND/OR with poor control of maternal diabetes should be delivered in specialised hospitals with facilities for doing echocardiography and possible need for respiratory support if needed. • TDI should be part of the echocardiographic evaluation of IDM (especially those at-risk sub-groups) as TDI is more sensitive than PW Doppler in the detection of LV diastolic dysfunction.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic disorders: A review of the literature; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common female endocrinopathies and is a leading cause of infertility. The syndrome derives its name from the pathological appearance of the ovary in women with menstrual irregularities and hyperandrogenism. Its symptoms appear as early as adolescence in the form of amenorrhea, hirsutism and obesity. The majority of patients are overweight, obese or of normal weight, but metabolically obese. The prevalence of PCOS is on the increase and is associated with a significantly higher risk of various metabolic disorders including cardiovascular disease (CVD), Type2 diabetes (T2DM), gestational diabetes, hypercholesterolemia and different types of cancer, including endometrial and possibly ovarian cancer, especially if associated with hyperinsulinaemia. In contrast, in women with PCOS who have normal insulin levels, it is likely that genetics, inflammation, oxidative stress and possible interaction with environmental factors are present that link these women to metabolic disorders. The mechanism of PCOS is not well understood and this review aims to provide a detailed description of the mechanism underlying the development of PCOS and associated metabolic disorders with a full description of all possible scenarios associating PCOS to metabolic disorders, as well as an epidemiological overview regarding the relationship between these metabolic disorders and PCOS.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring's carotid intima-media thickness at birth: MySweetHeart Cohort study; Objective Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is associated with cardiometabolic risks for the mother and the offspring. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have signs of subclinical atherosclerosis, including increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT). We assessed whether GDM is associated with increased CIMT in the offspring at birth. Design and setting MySweetHeart Cohort is a prospective cohort study conducted in Switzerland. Participants, exposure and outcome measures This work included pregnant women with and without GDM at 24-32 weeks of gestation and their singleton live-born offspring with data on the primary outcome of CIMT. GDM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups. Offspring's CIMT was measured by ultrasonography after birth (range 1-19 days). Results Data on CIMT were available for 99 offspring of women without GDM and 101 offspring of women with GDM. Maternal age ranged from 18 to 47 years. Some 16% of women with GDM and 6% of women without GDM were obese. Smoking during pregnancy was more frequent among women with GDM (18%) than among those without GDM (4%). Neonatal characteristics were comparable between the two groups. The difference in CIMT between offspring of women with and without GDM was of 0.00 mm (95% CI -0.01 to 0.01; p=0.96) and remained similar on adjustment for potential confounding factors, such as maternal prepregnancy body mass index, maternal education, smoking during pregnancy, family history of diabetes, as well as offspring's sex, age, and body surface area (0.00 mm (95% CI -0.02 to 0.01; p=0.45)). Conclusions We found no evidence of increased CIMT in neonates exposed to GDM. A longer-term follow-up that includes additional vascular measures, such as endothelial function or arterial stiffness, may shed further light on the cardiovascular health trajectories in children born to mothers with GDM. Trial registration number NCT02872974; Pre-results.
The role of enriched environment in neural development and repair; In addition to genetic information, environmental factors play an important role in the structure and function of nervous system and the occurrence and development of some nervous system diseases. Enriched environment (EE) can not only promote normal neural development through enhancing neuroplasticity but also play a nerve repair role in restoring functional activities during CNS injury by morphological and cellular and molecular adaptations in the brain. Different stages of development after birth respond to the environment to varying degrees. Therefore, we systematically review the pro-developmental and anti-stress value of EE during pregnancy, pre-weaning, and “adolescence” and analyze the difference in the effects of EE and its sub-components, especially with physical exercise. In our exploration of potential mechanisms that promote neurodevelopment, we have found that not all sub-components exert maximum value throughout the developmental phase, such as animals that do not respond to physical activity before weaning, and that EE is not superior to its sub-components in all respects. EE affects the developing and adult brain, resulting in some neuroplastic changes in the microscopic and macroscopic anatomy, finally contributing to enhanced learning and memory capacity. These positive promoting influences are particularly prominent regarding neural repair after neurobiological disorders. Taking cerebral ischemia as an example, we analyzed the molecular mediators of EE promoting repair from various dimensions. We found that EE does not always lead to positive effects on nerve repair, such as infarct size. In view of the classic issues such as standardization and relativity of EE have been thoroughly discussed, we finally focus on analyzing the essentiality of the time window of EE action and clinical translation in order to devote to the future research direction of EE and rapid and reasonable clinical application.
Unprovoked piriformis myositis presenting in a pregnant patient; A patient in her mid-30s presented to hospital at 25 weeks' gestation with acute onset of leg pain. Routine investigations were performed to rule out the common causes of leg and back pain in pregnancy, which were grossly normal. Piriformis pyomyositis was diagnosed on MRI and a collection was drained. Following an initial response to antibiotic therapy, the patient delivered by elective caesarean section, but the pain returned on postnatal day 2 and muscle inflammation was diagnosed again, requiring a repeat course of antibiotics. This case highlights a rare cause of leg pain in a pregnant patient, and the additional complexities of managing cases in the obstetric population.
Obesity in Pregnancy; Obesity is the most common health problem in women of reproductive age.1 Not only does obesity pose clinically significant health risks to women during pregnancy and after delivery, but it also has long-term health implications that require recognition and treatment.1,2 Maternal obesity can adversely affect fetal, neonatal, and infant outcomes, with lifelong consequences for the offspring. Evidence-based options for nutritional, behavioral, and surgical management of maternal obesity are available. Ideally, such management approaches should be instituted before pregnancy and should be continued after delivery and as part of long-term care, to ensure the best possible maternal and fetal outcomes and to prevent severe complications.1 This review provides an overview of conditions and factors associated with obesity in pregnancy, as well as key management considerations for obese persons who are pregnant or have given birth. This information is relevant not only to obstetricians but to all clinicians caring for women of reproductive age, since prevention of long-term complications associated with obesity in pregnancy requires a life-course approach.
Association Between Maternal Weight Gain in Different Periods of Pregnancy and the Risk of Venous Thromboembolism: A Retrospective Case–Control Study; Background: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) remains an important cause of maternal deaths. Little is known about the associations of specific periods of gestational weight gain (GWG) with the category of VTE, pulmonary embolism (PE), or deep venous thrombosis (DVT) with or without PE. Methods: In a retrospective case–control study conducted in Shanghai First Maternity and Infant Hospital from January 1, 2017 to September 30, 2021, cases of VTE within pregnancy or the first 6 postnatal weeks were identified. Controls without VTE were randomly selected from women giving birth on the same day as the cases, with 10 controls matched to each case. Total GWG and rates of early, mid, and late GWG values were standardized into z-scores, stratified by pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI). The adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated through multivariate logistic regression models. Results: There were 196 cases (14.4 per 10,000) of VTE within pregnancy or the first 6 postnatal weeks were identified. Higher total weight gain was associated with increased risks of PE (aOR, 13.22; 95% CI, 2.03–85.99) and VTE (OR, 10.49; 95% CI, 1.82–60.45) among women with underweight. In addition, higher total weight gain was associated with increased risk of PE (aOR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.14–3.72) among women with healthy weight. Similarly, rate of higher early weight gain was associated with significantly increased risk for PE (aOR, 2.15; 95% CI, 1.05–4.42) among women with healthy BMI. The lower rate of late weight gain was associated with increased risks of PE (aOR, 7.30; 95% CI, 1.14–46.55) and VTE (OR, 7.54; 95% CI, 1.20–47.57) among women with underweight. No significant associations between maternal rate of mid GWG and increased risk for any category of VTE, PE, or DVT with or without PE were present, regardless of maternal pre-pregnant BMI. Conclusion: The GWG associations with the category of VTE, PE, or DVT with or without PE differ at different periods of pregnancy. In order to effectively improve maternal and child outcomes, intensive weight management that continues through pregnancy may be indispensable.
Metformin's Mechanisms in Attenuating Hallmarks of Aging and Age-Related Disease; Aging is a major global challenge, and there is growing demand for new strategies to address the burden of aging. The intensive search for antiaging agents has led to the discovery of a variety of drugs that promote the extension of healthspan and/or life. Metformin is a safe, effective, and globally affordable antihyperglycemic agent that has gained much attention in recent years as a potential antiaging treatment. Metformin has been shown to significantly delay the onset of age-related diseases and increase lifespan in several model organisms. In this paper, we reviewed aging hallmarks and the role of metformin in countering these hallmarks. We examined the beneficial effects of metformin on several age-related diseases and the feasibility of metformin as an agent to extend lifespan and healthspan. Finally, we discussed new research directions to better understand the translational potential of metformin in humans.
Prevalence of a History of Metabolic or Hypertensive Pregnancy Disorder in Patients With Myocardial Infarction and Non-obstructive Coronary Arteries: An Observational Cohort Study; Introduction: Myocardial infarction with non-obstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) predominantly affects younger females. Women with a history of gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are subjected to an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease. However, data on the potential association between these obstetric complications and MINOCA is lacking. Therefore, the current study aimed to provide insight in the prevalence of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders (MHPD) in MINOCA patients and their clinical characteristics. Methods: In this observational cohort study conducted at the Zuyderland Medical Center and Maastricht University Medical Center in the Netherlands, patients were enrolled if they were identified as having MINOCA. Data on individual patient characteristics, laboratory results, electrocardiography as well as (non-)invasive imaging procedures were derived from the electronic health record system. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire about prior MHPD including GDM, GH, and PE. Patients were grouped into those with MHPD and those with prior uncomplicated normotensive pregnancy (or pregnancies; NP). Results: After excluding patients without 1-year follow-up (n = 53), 86 female MINOCA patients remained eligible for analysis. Of the total female population, 25 (29.1%) patients had MHPD, including GH (n = 19; 22.1%), PE (n = 4; 4.7%), and GDM (n = 7; 8.1%). The MHPD patients showed higher rates of chronic hypertension (84.0 vs. 55.7%; p = 0.013), hypercholesterolemia (64.0 vs. 34.4%; p = 0.012), a family history of CVD (84.0 vs. 45.9%; p = 0.001), gout or rheumatic arthritis (16.0 vs. 1.6%; p = 0.024), and were more often non-smokers (45.8 vs. 78.3%; p = 0.004), compared to the NP patients. Moreover, MHPD patients were more likely to use cardiovascular medications at baseline. A trend toward no specific cause found for the MINOCA event was observed in MHPD patients compared to the NP group (64.0 vs. 42.6%, p = 0.072). Conclusion: A history of metabolic and hypertensive pregnancy disorders occurred in one-third of female MINOCA patients. In these patients, conventional cardiovascular risk factors were more prevalent compared to NP patients. In most MHPD patients, the specific cause for MINOCA remained unclear.
Effectiveness and Tolerability of Once-Weekly GLP-1 Receptor Agonists in Clinical Practice: A Focus on Switching Between Once-Weekly Molecules in Type 2 Diabetes; Aims: This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness and tolerability of once-weekly glucagon-like peptide receptor agonists (OW GLP-1RAs) and to assess the clinical benefits of switching from one GLP-1RA to another (switchers) in a routine clinical setting. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective, real-world cohort study, based on electronic medical records utilized in one Italian diabetes clinic. Estimated mean changes in HbA1c and body weight after 6 and 12 months from the first prescription of a long-acting GLP1-RA were evaluated using longitudinal linear mixed models for repeated measures. The effectiveness of the three long-acting GLP1-RAs was compared separately in the GLP1-RA naive and switchers cohorts, after propensity score adjustment. Results: Initiating a long-acting GLP1-RA was associated with statistically significant improvements in HbA1c (−1%) and body weight (−2.6 kg) after 6 months, and benefits were maintained after 12 months. In GLP1-RA naive cohort, semaglutide showed the largest effect on HbA1c (−1.55%; 95%CI, −1.77;−1.34) and body weight (−3.76 kg; 95%CI, −5.05;−2.47) at 6 months, maintained at 12 months (−1.55%; 95%CI, −1.82;−1.28 and −6.29 kg; 95%CI, −7.94;−4.63). In the switchers’ cohort, statistically significant reductions at 6 months in HbA1c and body weight were documented with semaglutide and dulaglutide only, with semaglutide associated with the most marked reduction (−0.84%; 95%CI, −1.03;−0.65 and −3.43 kg; 95%, −4.67;−2.19). Dropout rates were 9.2%, 28.5%, and 41.7% in semaglutide, dulaglutide, and exenatide groups, respectively. Conclusions: The effectiveness and tolerability of the OW GLP-1RAs in the real world were documented. Semaglutide was associated with the highest response without impact on safety. Clinical improvements were obtained even in switchers, especially in those switching to semaglutide.
Effect of Maternal Antidepressant Use During the Pre-pregnancy/Early Pregnancy Period on Congenital Heart Disease: A Prospective Cohort Study in Central China; Background: With the increase in maternal antidepressant prescribing before/during pregnancy, concerns about the safety of antidepressants have come into focus. The purpose of this study was to explore the association between maternal antidepressant use before pregnancy/in early pregnancy and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in children, and to provide a scientific basis for clinical safety of antidepressant use. Methods: The prospective cohort study ultimately included 34,104 singleton pregnancies. Modified Poisson regression model with robust error variances was used to evaluate RRs and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the risk of CHD in offspring exposed to maternal antidepressant in the 3 months before pregnancy and early pregnancy. In addition, sensitivity analysis was further performed to explore the robustness of the results. Results: In this study, the maternal antidepressant exposure rate was 2.83% in the 3 months before pregnancy, 2.42% in early pregnancy, and the incidence of CHD was 8.973 per 1,000 live births. We found that maternal antidepressant use in the 3 months before pregnancy and early pregnancy were all associated with an increased risk of CHD, ~2.54 times and 2.87 times, respectively, of non-use of antidepressants after adjusting for potential confounders. This association was also found in CHD specific phenotypic analysis. Of these, offspring whose mothers were exposed to antidepressants in the 3 months before pregnancy had the highest risk of transposition of the great arteries (aOR = 5.50, 95% CI: 1.91–15.88). The offspring of mothers exposed to antidepressants in early pregnancy had the highest risk of developing ventricular septal defect (aOR = 4.80, 95% CI: 2.50–9.24). Sensitivity analysis verified the stability of the results. Conclusions: Maternal antidepressant use in the 3 months before pregnancy and early pregnancy were all associated with an increased risk of CHD in their offspring. In order to reduce the risk of teratogenesis, we recommend that pregnant women prepare for pregnancy after their condition improves or receive the minimum effective dose of medication.
Risk of Higher Blood Pressure in 3 to 6 Years Old Singleton Born From OHSS Patients Undergone With Fresh IVF/ICSI; Background: A large registry-based study found the increasing disorders of cardiovascular and metabolism in IVF children but underlying mechanism is still unknown. Few studies have investigated any association between OHSS and cardiovascular or metabolic function in subsequent children. Objective: To evaluate the effect of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) on blood pressure of singletons after in vitro fertilization (IVF) with or without intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI). Study Design: The singlet-center corhort study included 1780 singletons born with IVF/ICSI and 83 spontaneously conceived children from 2003 to 2014. Follow-up has lasted more than 10 years, and is still ongoing. This study analyzed data from follow-up surveys at 3 to 6 years of age. Participants, Setting and Methods: We recruited 83 children (Group E) spontaneously conceived (SC) as control group and 1780 children born with IVF/ICSI including 126 children born to OHSS-fresh embryo transfer (ET) women (Group A), 1069 children born to non OHSS-ET women (Group B), 98 children conceived by women who developed into moderate or severe OHSS after oocyte retrieval and selected the frozen-thawed embryo transfer (FET) (Group C), 487 children conceived with non OHSS-FET (Group D). We evaluated cardiometabolic function, assessed BP in mmHg, heart rate, anthropometrics, and metabolic index including glucose, serum lipid (triglyceride, total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein), thyroid function, of those children. The BP and heart rate were measured twice on the same day. We applied several multiple regression analyses to investigate the effect of OHSS in the early pregnancy. Main Findings: By the single factor analysis, the SBP and DBP in the SC group (SBP: 99.84 ± 8.9; DBP: 55.27 ± 8.8) were significantly lower than OHSS-ET group’s, while the blood pressure was similar between the SC group and other three ART groups. Children had higher BP in the OHSS-ET group (SBP: 101.93 ± 8.17; DBP: 58.75 ± 8.48) than in the non OHSS-ET (SBP: 99.49 ± 8.91; DBP: 56.55 ± 8.02) or OHSS-FET group (SBP: 99.38 ± 8.17; DBP: 55.72 ± 7.94). After using multiple regression analysis to adjust current, early life, parental and ART characteristics, the differences in the SBP and DBP (B (95% confidence interval)) between OHSS-ET and non OHSS-ET remained significant (SBP: 3.193 (0.549 to 2.301); DBP: 3.440 (0.611 to 2.333)). And the BP showed no significant difference complementarily when compared non OHSS-FET group with non OHSS-ET group. In addition, the anthropometrics, fast glucose, serum lipid, and thyroid index did not differ among the ART groups. Principal Conclusions: OHSS might play an independent key role on offspring’s BP even cardiovascular function. Electing frozen-thawed embryo transfer for high risk of OHSS population may reduce the risk of the high BP trend. Wider Implications of the Findings: It is a large sample study to investigate the effect of OHSS on offspring’s health. These findings provide a clinic evidence of the impact of early environment (embryo even oocyte stage) on the offspring’s cardiovascular health. Our study emphasis the importance of the accuracy of IVF clinic strategy and preventing the OHSS after fresh embryo transfer.
Racial/Ethnic Disparities in Intensive Care Admissions in a Pregnant and Postpartum Population, Hawai‘i, 2012-2017; Objective: Maternal morbidity and mortality is a global concern despite advances in medical care and technology and improved economic resources of nations worldwide. The primary objective of our study was to describe racial/ethnic disparities in severe maternal morbidity by using admission to an intensive care unit (ICU) as a marker. The secondary objective was to evaluate associations between patient characteristics, including obstetric outcomes, and severe maternal morbidity. Methods: This retrospective cohort study used a large inpatient database to identify pregnancy and postpartum hospitalizations in Hawai‘i from January 2012 through September 2017. We evaluated associations between sociodemographic and clinical characteristics and race/ethnicity by using χ2 tests. We used multivariable logistic regression to assess associations between race/ethnicity and ICU admission. We used a post hoc analysis to assess associations between ICU admission and obstetric outcomes by race/ethnicity. Results: After adjustment, we found a significantly higher ICU admission rate among Asian (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 1.30; 95% CI, 1.04-1.62; P =.02), Filipino (aOR = 1.45; 95% CI, 1.17-1.79; P <.001), and Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander (aOR = 1.39; 95% CI, 1.15-1.68; P <.001) women compared with non-Hispanic White women. Multiple clinical characteristics and outcomes were associated with ICU admission, such as preexisting chronic conditions and pregnancy-induced hypertensive disorders. Conclusion: We found that severe maternal morbidity represented by ICU admission is higher among Asian, Filipino, and Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander women than among non-Hispanic White women in Hawai’i. Our findings reemphasize the need for health care providers to be vigilant in caring for members of racial/ethnic minority groups and managing their comorbidities.
Apolipoprotein D and transthyretin are reduced in female adolescent offspring of women with type 1 diabetes: The EPICOM study; Aims: Adolescent offspring exposed to maternal diabetes during intrauterine life show a less favourable metabolic profile than the background population. Here, we hypothesize that offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (T1D), possess sex-specific alterations in the serum profile of proteins involved in lipid, metabolic and transport processes and that these alterations are associated with lipid profile and indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: A prospective nationwide follow-up study (EPICOM) in a Danish population. Blood samples were assessed from offspring of women with T1D (index offspring, n = 267, 13–20 years), and matched control offspring (n = 290). Serum proteins were analysed using a 25-plex cardio-metabolic targeted proteomics assay, which includes 12 apolipoproteins and 13 transport and inflammatory proteins. Results: Apolipoprotein D (ApoD) and transthyretin (TTR) were reduced in index females as compared to female controls (−8.1%, p < 0.001 and −6.1%, p = 0.006 respectively), but not in index males (2.2%, p = 0.476 and −2.4%, p = 0.731 respectively). Sex-dependent inverse associations between exposure to maternal T1D in utero and ApoD and TTR were significant after adjusting for age, BMI-SDS and Tanner stage (OR = 0.252 [95% CI 0.085, 0.745], p = 0.013 and OR = 0.149 [95% CI 0.040, 0.553], p = 0.004). ApoD correlated to indices of insulin sensitivity and secretion in a similar sex-specific pattern in crude and adjusted analyses. Conclusions: Low ApoD may be regarded as an early risk marker of metabolic syndrome. A possible link between ApoD and cardiovascular disease needs further investigation.
Low-dose midazolam for anxiolysis for pregnant women undergoing cesarean delivery: a randomized trial; Introduction: Anxiety and fear are common among pregnant women undergoing cesarean delivery. In addition to psychologically unpleasant, they can elicit endocrine and metabolic changes. Administration of benzodiazepines in this patient group is uncommon and investigation focusing on the topic is rare. This study aimed to determine anxiolysis efficacy of low-dose midazolam administered preoperatively, right before cesarean delivery, and to evaluate whether its administration impacts neonatal vitality, maternal consciousness, and recall of the moment the baby was born. Methods: Fifty pregnant women with indication for cesarean delivery were included in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical study and allocated into two groups of 25 participants each (Midazolam and Control group). Midazolam (0.0125 mg.kg-1) or a placebo solution was administered immediately before spinal anesthesia and the anxiolytic effect was assessed using a visual analogue scale before and after administration. We registered the Apgar score at 1 and 5 minutes, the Ramsay scale and recall of the moment of birth, that was assessed 90 minutes after birth. Results: Pregnant women from the Midazolam group presented a 1.3-point reduction in anxiety on the visual analogue scale, while the Control group showed virtually no change (p = 0.027). We observed no statistically significant changes in Apgar scores, level of maternal consciousness and recall of the moment of delivery. Conclusions: Low-dose midazolam can provide anxiety management in pregnant women undergoing cesarean delivery with no significant undesirable effects.
Endovascular Intervention for May-Thurner Syndrome in a Pregnant Patient with a Patent Foramen Ovale and Paradoxical Embolism; May-Thurner syndrome (MTS) is a known structural risk factor for deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and embolism. In patients with a patent foramen ovale (PFO), emboli originating from the deep veins are able to paradoxically reach the systemic circulation via the PFO, consequently resulting in transient ischemic attacks (TIA) or stroke. We report the case of a 31-year-old pregnant woman, with a recent history of TIA, who presented with chronic bilateral numbness, pain, and swelling in the lower extremities. On imaging, she was found to have a PFO and MTS. Her pregnancy was subsequently terminated. This decision was made independently by the patient. Her care team did not advise her to terminate her pregnancy as there was no specific medical reason to do so. However, the patient was in significant physical pain and distress and ultimately was not comfortable continuing with the pregnancy. This highlights the complex, multifactorial decision-making process that pregnant patients with comorbid health conditions undertake. The patient then underwent transcatheter PFO closure and stents were placed bilaterally in the left and right common iliac veins. Following the stent procedure, lower extremity symptoms swiftly resolved, allowing the patient to significantly improve her ability to ambulate. There have been no signs of TIA since her procedures, and her venous symptoms have been stable. In patients with TIA or stroke from a paradoxical embolism, MTS should be considered as a potential etiology. Endovascular intervention to treat the underlying MTS should also be considered to decrease the risk of recurrent DVT and embolism.
Changes over time in the cardiovascular risk profile of type 2 diabetes from 2007 to 2020: A community-based study; Aims: To quantify changes over time in cardiovascular (CV) risk factor control and in the uptake of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors from 2007 to 2020 in a real-world community-based cohort of type 2 diabetes (T2D) patients. Materials and Methods: This study identified 95 461 T2D patients, who were followed for an average of 6.4 years through a single healthcare organization's electronic health record. The primary outcome was global risk factor control according to four factors (“ABCS”): glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c [<8%]); Blood pressure (systolic/diastolic <140/90 mmHg); Cholesterol (non-HDL cholesterol <130 mg/dL); and Smoking (not). Concomitant presence of microvascular complications and commonly used medication classes were tracked. Results: According to the ABCS metric, global risk factor control did not appreciably change over time; in 2020, 40.9% (95% confidence interval 40.2, 41.5) of patients had all four factors controlled. Among individual components, HbA1c control (<8%) worsened over time from 84% in 2007 to 78% in 2020, while lipid control (non-HDL cholesterol <130 mg/dL) improved from 59% to 72%. Coexisting microvascular complications were more prevalent over time; for example, neuropathy prevalence increased from 21% (2007) to 35% (2020). Use of thiazolidinediones and sulphonylureas decreased over time while metformin, insulin, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, GLP-1RA and SGLT2 inhibitor use increased. In 2020, GLP-1RAs and SGLT2 inhibitors were each used by 13% of T2D patients. Conclusions: In this community-based study, global CV risk factor control in T2D did not improve, although glycaemic control worsened and lipid control improved. Given increased uptake of GLP-1RAs and SGLT2 inhibitors, the collective effect of these changes on CV outcomes warrants evaluation.
Effectiveness and safety of gonadotropins used in female infertility: a population-based study in the Lazio region, Italy; Purpose: Infertility is a topic of growing interest, and female infertility is often treated with gonadotropins. Evidence regarding comparative safety and efficacy of different gonadotropin formulations is available from clinical studies, while real-world data are missing. The present study aims to investigate effectiveness and safety of treatment with different gonadotropin formulations in women undergoing medically assisted procreation treatments in Latium, a region in central Italy, through a real-world data approach. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort study in women between the ages of 18 and 45 years who were prescribed with at least one gonadotropin between 2007 and 2019 was conducted. Women were enrolled from the regional drug dispense registry, and data on their clinical history, exposure to therapeutic cycles (based on recombinant “REC” or extractives “EXT” gonadotropin, or combined protocol “CMD” (REC + EXT)), and maternal/infantile outcomes were linked from the regional healthcare administrative databases. Multivariate logistic regression models were applied to estimate the association between exposure and outcomes. Results: Overall, 90,292 therapeutic cycles prescribed to 35,899 women were linked to pregnancies. Overall, 15.8% of cycles successfully led to pregnancy. Compared to extractives, recombinant and combined treatments showed a stronger association with conception rate (RRREC adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 1.01–1.12; RRCBD adj = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.11–1.24). Maternal outcomes occurred in less than 5% of deliveries, and no significant differences between treatments were observed (REC vs EXT, pre-eclampsia: RR adj = 1.24, 95% CI: 0.86–1.79, ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome: RR adj = 1.25, 95% CI: 0.59–2.65, gestational diabetes: RR adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 0.84–1.35). Regarding infantile outcomes, similar results were obtained for different gonadotropin formulations (REC vs EXT: low birth weight: RR adj = 0.98, 95% CI: 0.83–1.26, multiple births: RR adj = 1.06, 95% CI: 0.92–1.23, preterm birth: RR adj = 1.03, 95% CI: 0.92–1.26). Conclusions: Efficacy and safety profiles of REC proved to be similar to those of EXT. Regarding the efficacy in terms of conception rate and birth rate, protocols using the combined approach performed slightly better. Outcomes related to maternal and infantile safety were generally very rare, and safety features were overlapping between gonadotropin formulations.
ANNEXIN A1: Roles in Placenta, Cell Survival, and Nucleus; The unbiased approaches of the last decade have enabled the collection of new data on the biology of annexin A1 (ANXA1) in a variety of scientific aspects, creating opportunities for new biomarkers and/or therapeutic purposes. ANXA1 is found in the plasma membrane, cytoplasm, and nucleus, being described at low levels in the nuclear and cytoplasmic compartments of placental cells related to gestational diabetic diseases, and its translocation from the cytoplasm to the nucleus has been associated with a response to DNA damage. The approaches presented here open pathways for reflection upon, and intrinsic clarification of, the modulating action of this protein in the response to genetic material damage, as well as its level of expression and cellular localization. The objective of this study is to arouse interest, with an emphasis on the mechanisms of nuclear translocation of ANXA1, which remain underexplored and may be beneficial in new inflammatory therapies.
Overview of Transcriptomic Research on Type 2 Diabetes: Challenges and Perspectives; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a common chronic disease whose etiology is known to have a strong genetic component. Standard genetic approaches, although allowing for the detection of a number of gene variants associated with the disease as well as differentially expressed genes, cannot fully explain the hereditary factor in T2D. The explosive growth in the genomic sequencing technologies over the last decades provided an exceptional impetus for transcriptomic studies and new approaches to gene expression measurement, such as RNA-sequencing (RNA-seq) and single-cell technologies. The transcriptomic analysis has the potential to find new biomarkers to identify risk groups for developing T2D and its microvascular and macrovascular complications, which will significantly affect the strategies for early diagnosis, treatment, and preventing the development of complications. In this article, we focused on transcriptomic studies conducted using expression arrays, RNA-seq, and single-cell sequencing to highlight recent findings related to T2D and challenges associated with transcriptome experiments.
Fetal Cardiac Function: Myocardial Performance Index; The Myocardial Performance Index (MPI) or Tei index, presented by Tei in 1995, is the ratio of the sum of the duration of the isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT) to the duration of the ejection time (ET). The Modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-MPI), proposed in 2005, is considered a reliable and useful tool in the study of fetal heart function in several conditions, such as growth restriction, twin-twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes, preeclampsia, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, and adverse perinatal outcomes. Nevertheless, clinical translation is currently limited by poorly standardised methodology as variations in the technique, machine settings, caliper placement, and specific training required can result in significantly different MPI values. This review aims to provide a survey of the relevant literature on MPI, present a strict methodology and technical considerations, and propose future research.
Prenatal and clinical characteristics of pregnant women infected with COVID-19 in Yazd, Iran: A multicenter cross-sectional study; Background: Coronavirus infection has caused widespread concern among mothers and physicians about the health of pregnant women and infants. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the clinical and prenatal findings of pregnant women with coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) virus. Materials and Methods: The present study was a descriptive study that was conducted in 6 mother and child care centers. In this study, 81 pregnant women with COVID-19 admitted to centers in the period from March 2020-September 2020 were studied. Clinical and prenatal findings of the pregnant mothers were recorded using a data collection form with details of demographic characteristics and these were analyzed. Results: The gestational age of the affected women was between 4 and 40 wk. 48 deliveries were performed and 25% of deliveries were preterm. Coronavirus infection was the cause of termination of pregnancy in 4 cases. The most common symptoms of women when visiting the medical centers were: dry cough (58.0%), muscle pain and myalgia (56.8%) and fever (51.9%). The most common laboratory findings in the women were: increased C-reactive protein (67.90%), lymphopenia (18.51%), decreased white blood cells (27.16%), and increased liver enzymes (18.51%). Regarding the status of the newborns, out of the 33 neonates examined, 3 neonates were diagnosed with COVID-19. Conclusion: The most common symptoms of pregnant women with COVID-19 are similar to those of other adults. In relation to neonatal infection, given that a number of the neonates tested positive, there appears to be evidence of vertical transmission, which requires further investigation.
The Yin and Yang of toll-like receptors in endothelial dysfunction; Endothelial cells (ECs) play a critical role in health and disease due to their widespread distribution and unique location. Although ECs are not regarded as classical immune cells, they actively participate in innate immune and inflammatory responses. EC function is affected by exogenous activators (i.e., infectious agents) and endogenous triggers (i.e., damage-associated molecular pattern molecules (DAMPs) released by stressed or injured cells). Toll-like receptors (TLRs) can recognize both infectious agents and DAMPs and play a key role in activating innate mechanisms in ECs. Endothelial dysfunction (EDF) may lead to tissue damage in various inflammatory and autoimmune diseases through TLRs. This review summarizes the current knowledge about the role of TLRs in a variety of EDF-related conditions, including autoimmunity and graft rejection, cancer, cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and related complications, ischemia and related injuries, and sepsis.
Near fatal interstitial pregnancy; Interstitial pregnancies are a rare form of ectopic pregnancy that occur when there is implantation of a fetus into the interstitial portion of the uterus. These can be particularly challenging to diagnose and have a high risk of morbidity and mortality due to the relatively late presentation compared to other ectopic pregnancies. Here we present a gravida 3, para 2 female patient at 14 weeks gestational age who suffered uterine rupture and hemoperitoneum leading to cardiac arrest in the Emergency Department. This case demonstrates the importance of ultrasound as a critical tool in the diagnosis of interstitial pregnancy and the sonographic findings. It is essential for emergency clinicians to be aware of this rare diagnosis.
Pregnancy and stroke risk in women; Stroke associated with pregnancy and post-partum occurs in about 30 per 100,000 deliveries, and includes subtypes of ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke as well as cerebral venous sinus thrombosis (CVST). There are a wide variety of underlying causes and risk factors, some that are common to both pregnant and non-pregnant women, and others that are unique to pregnancy. Although some of the strokes that occur may be a direct result of the pregnancy itself, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, others could be anticipated or prevented by understanding the risk factors. These may include the presence of pre-pregnancy clotting disorders, aneurysms or arteriovenous malformations, hypertension, diabetes, or advanced maternal age. Treatment of stroke during pregnancy is based on the current recommendations for non-pregnant stroke patients, assuming the benefit of these treatments is likely higher than the risks. These decisions must be made with the appropriate specialists in stroke and endovascular treatment, as well as high-risk obstetrician/gynecologists, and most importantly, patient and family preferences.
Association between obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome and adverse obstetric outcomes; Research question: How does the presence of obesity modify the risks for adverse obstetric outcomes in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample, 2004–2014. A total of 14,855 women with PCOS were identified (study group: obese women with PCOS [BMI ≥30 kg/m2] [n = 3286]; reference group: remaining women with PCOS [n =11 569]). Logistic regression analysis was used to explore the associations between obesity, pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Results: Obesity was associated with a higher prevalence of chronic hypertension (P < 0.001), pregestational diabetes (P < 0.001) and a previous caesarean delivery (P < 0.001). Obesity increased the risk of gestational diabetes (adjusted [a]OR 1.745; 95% CI 1.473 to 2.067), pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR1.889; 95% CI 1.589 to 2.246), gestational hypertension (aOR 1.555; 95% CI 1.219 to 1.983) and preeclampsia (aOR 2.170; 95% CI 1.683 to 2.798). Maternal obesity in PCOS increased the risk of chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.548; 95% CI 1.072 to 2.235) and caesarean delivery (aOR 1.414; 95% CI 1.210 to 1.653) and decreased the likelihood of a spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR 0.751; 95% CI 0.644 to 0.876). Infants born to obese mothers with PCOS were not more likely to be SGA (aOR 0.775; 95% CI 0.511 to 1.175) or to have congenital anomalies (aOR 0.849; 95% CI 0.483 to 1.490). Conclusion: In women with PCOS, obesity increases the risk of specific pregnancy and delivery complications.
Second-Trimester Constituents of the Metabolic Syndrome and Pregnancy Outcome: An Observational Cohort Study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) shows identical associations. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM, constituents of MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Of 2041 pregnant women undergoing an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between 22 and 30 weeks of gestation, data were collected to evaluate the constituents of MetS. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated to determine the associations between MetS and pregnancy outcomes. Results: GDM and obesity did not affect the risk of fetal growth abnormalities (SGA/LGA), preterm birth or preeclampsia (PE). Hypertension significantly increased the risk of SGA (OR—1.59), PE (OR—3.14), and preterm birth <37 weeks (OR—2.17) and <34 weeks (OR—2.96) and reduced the occurrence of LGA (OR—0.46). Dyslipidemia increased the risk of PE (OR—2.25), while proteinuria increased the risk of PE (OR—12.64) and preterm birth (OR—4.72). Having ≥2 constituents increased the risk of PE and preterm birth. Conclusions: Constituents of metabolic syndrome, rather than treating impaired glucose handling, increased the risk of preeclampsia, altered fetal growth and preterm birth. Obesity was not related to adverse outcomes.
Delivery Outcome of Fetuses with Congenital Heart Disease—Is It Influenced by Prenatal Diagnosis?; Objective: The objective of this study is to assess the delivery outcomes of neonates with congenital heart defects (CHD), and to explore the effect of prenatal diagnosis on these outcomes. Methods: A retrospective study including singleton deliveries between 2011 and 2020. All singleton neonates delivered at >24 weeks of gestation were included in this study. Fetuses with known prenatal anomalies other than CHD were excluded from this study. Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes were analyzed. A comparison was made between pregnancies with CHD and controls; and between pregnancies with prenatal diagnosis of CHD and postnatal diagnosis of CHD. Results: A total of 1598 neonates with CHD (688, 43.1% diagnosed prenatally) comprised the study group, compared to 85,576 singleton controls. Pregnancies with CHD had significantly increased BMI before pregnancy, suffered more from diabetes and chronic hypertension, had more inductions of labor, and had more cesarean deliveries (CD) including both elective CD and urgent CD due to non-reassuring fetal monitor (NRFHR) (OR = 1.75; 95%CI 1.45–2.14). Prenatal diagnosis of CHD is associated with a significant increased rate of induction of labor compared to postnatal diagnosis of CHD (OR = 1.59; 95% CI 1.15–2.22), but did not affect the mode of delivery including the rate of CD and CD due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR). Gestational age at birth and birthweight were significantly lower in pregnancies with CHD compared to controls, with no difference between prenatal to postnatal diagnosis of the anomaly. Neonates with CHD had a higher incidence of hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy and seizures compared to controls without any impact by prenatal diagnosis. Conclusion: Prenatal diagnosis of CHD is associated with an increased rate of induction of labor, with no increased rate of CD and CD due to NRFHR. The 5-min Apgar score is lower in pregnancies with postnatal diagnosis of CHD.
Distributed application of guideline-based decision support through mobile devices: Implementation and evaluation; Background: Traditionally guideline (GL)-based Decision Support Systems (DSSs) use a centralized infrastructure to generate recommendations to care providers, rather than to patients at home. However, managing patients at home is often preferable, reducing costs and empowering patients. Thus, we wanted to explore an option in which patients, in particular chronic patients, might be assisted by a local DSS, which interacts as needed with the central DSS engine, to manage their disease outside the standard clinical settings. Objectives: To design, implement, and demonstrate the technical and clinical feasibility of a new architecture for a distributed DSS that provides patients with evidence-based guidance, offered through applications running on the patients' mobile devices, monitoring and reacting to changes in the patient's personal environment, and providing the patients with appropriate GL-based alerts and personalized recommendations; and increase the overall robustness of the distributed application of the GL. Methods: We have designed and implemented a novel projection–callback (PCB) model, in which small portions of the evidence-based guideline's procedural knowledge are projected from a projection engine within the central DSS server, to a local DSS that resides on each patient's mobile device. The local DSS applies the knowledge using the mobile device's local resources. The GL projections generated by the projection engine are adapted to the patient's previously defined preferences and, implicitly, to the patient's current context, in a manner that is embodied in the projected therapy plans. When appropriate, as defined by a temporal pattern within the projected plan, the local DSS calls back the central DSS, requesting further assistance, possibly another projection. To support the new model, the initial specification of the GL includes two levels: one for the central DSS, and one for the local DSS. We have implemented a distributed GL-based DSS using the projection–callback model within the MobiGuide EU project, which automatically manages chronic patients at home using sensors on the patients and their mobile phone. We assessed the new GL specification process, by specifying two very different, complex GLs: for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and for Atrial Fibrillation. Then, we evaluated the new computational architecture by applying the two GLs to the automated clinical management, at real time, of patients in two different countries: Spain and Italy, respectively. Results: The specification using the new projection-callback model was found to be quite feasible. We found significant differences between the distributed versions of the two GLs, suggesting further research directions and possibly additional ways to analyze and characterize GLs. Applying the two GLs to the two patient populations proved highly feasible as well. The mean time between the central and local interactions was quite different for the two GLs: 3.95 ± 1.95 days in the case of the gestational diabetes domain, and 23.80 ± 12.47 days, in the case of the atrial fibrillation domain, probably corresponding to the difference in the distributed specifications of the two GLs. Most of the interaction types were due to projections to the local DSS (83%); others were data notifications, mostly to change context (17%). Some of the data notifications were triggered due to technical errors. The robustness of the distributed architecture was demonstrated through the successful recovery from multiple crashes of the local DSS. Conclusions: The new projection-callback model has been demonstrated to be feasible, from specification to distributed application. Different GLs might significantly differ, however, in their distributed specification and application characteristics. Distributed medical DSSs can facilitate the remote management of chronic patients by enabling the central DSSs to delegate, in a dynamic fashion, determined by the patient's context, much of the monitoring and treatment management decisions to the mobile device. Patients can be kept in their home environment, while still maintaining, through the projection-callback mechanism, several of the advantages of a central DSS, such as access to the patient's longitudinal record, and to an up-to-date evidence-based GL repository.
Obesity and diabetes in pregnancy: a perfect storm for transgenerational health; The period of conception, pregnancy and the first 1000 days of life are crucial for a person's lifelong health. The recent rises in obesity before conception, through pregnancy and during childhood are increasing the risk of a non-communicable disease epidemic in the near future. Preventive measures targeted at the community level and implemented by local authorities may be the most effective way of creating healthy environments that improve lifelong health.
Paraganglioma: A Difficult and Threatening Ordeal of Pregnancy; Paraganglioma (PGL) in pregnancy is an extremely rare condition, and its diagnosis is often difficult because the clinical symptoms can mimic those of pre-eclampsi a gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Here we report the case of a 24-year-old female primigravida – known case of hypothyroidism who presented with labile hypertension, resting tachycardia and hyperglycaemia with proteinuria at 27-week gestation. We suspected that she might have gestational diabetes along with hypertension and a catecholamine secreting tumour (CST) as her renal Doppler was suggestive of an extra-adrenal mass at left lumbar region which was confirmed on MRI of abdomen and pelvis, and serum catecholamine levels were found to be significantly increased. She underwent laparoscopic mass removal and the pathology confirmed PGL. When typical paroxysmal hypertension and resting tachycardia is accompanied by headache, palpitation, and sweating during the gestational period, an adrenal or extra-adrenal tumour should be suspected.
Polyhydramnios as a sole ultrasonographic finding for detecting fetal hemolytic anemia caused by anti-c alloimmunization; Objective: The prenatal course of a rare case with fetal anemia caused by maternal anti-c alloimmunization was reported. Case report: A 39-year-old female with anti-c and anti-E antibodies against red cells had previously experienced a stillbirth. At her present pregnancy, titers of maternal antibodies and fetal middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity (MCA-PSV) were frequently monitored to investigate the severity of fetal hemolytic anemia. Rather than manifesting as an increase in MCA-PSV, the anemic fetus was delivered at 32 weeks and one day of gestation with a sole presentation: polyhydramnios. Neonatal hospitalization course were compatible with hemolytic anemia. The baby was discharged at 48 days of age. Conclusion: This case illustrated the complexities of dealing with maternal red cell alloimmunization during pregnancy and the limitations of noninvasive diagnostic modalities for detecting fetal anemia, and highlighted that obstetricians should refer all available clinical parameters in order to offer appropriate perinatal care.
Management of Hypothyroidism and Hypothyroxinemia During Pregnancy; Objective: To review the diagnosis and management of hypothyroidism during pregnancy, in the preconception period, and in the postpartum period. Methods: A literature review of English-language papers published between 1982 and 2022, focusing on the most recent literature. Results: During pregnancy, thyroid function laboratory tests need to be interpreted with regard to gestational age. Overt hypothyroidism, regardless of the thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) level, should always be promptly treated when it is diagnosed before conception or during pregnancy or lactation. Most women with pre-existing treated hypothyroidism require an increase in levothyroxine (LT4) dosing to maintain euthyroidism during gestation. LT4-treated pregnant patients need close monitoring of their serum TSH levels to avoid overtreatment or undertreatment. There is no consensus about whether to initiate LT4 in women with mild forms of gestational thyroid hypofunction. However, in light of current evidence, it is reasonable to treat women with subclinical hypothyroidism with LT4, particularly if the TSH level is >10 mIU/L or thyroperoxidase antibodies are present. Women who are not treated need to be followed up to ensure that treatment is initiated promptly if thyroid failure progresses. Additional studies are needed to better understand the effects of the initiation of LT4 in early gestation in women with subclinical hypothyroidism and hypothyroxinemia and determine optimal strategies for thyroid function screening in the preconception period and during pregnancy. Conclusion: The diagnosis and management of hypothyroidism in the peripregnancy period present specific challenges. While making management decisions, it is essential to weigh the risks and benefits of treatments for not just the mother but also the fetus.
Osmotic Tubulopathy and Acute Thrombotic Microangiopathy in a Kidney Transplant Recipient With a Breakthrough SARS-CoV-2 Infection; Acute kidney injury is a known complication of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection for which many different pathophysiological processes have been reported. Here, we present a case of a 45-year–old kidney transplant recipient with a breakthrough SARS-CoV-2 infection complicated by an episode of acute kidney injury 26 months after transplant. She had minimal respiratory symptoms, pancytopenia, mild hematuria, and proteinuria. A kidney biopsy revealed acute thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) as well as an osmotic tubulopathy. The TMA was favored to be secondary to the SARS-CoV-2 infection because other etiologies for TMA, such as acute calcineurin inhibitor toxicity and acute antibody-mediated rejection, were excluded. The osmotic tubulopathy was favored to be secondary to remdesivir therapy, specifically related to the sulfobutylether-β-cyclodextrin solubilizing carrier agent used in its formulation. The patient's kidney function improved after resolution of the SARS-CoV-2 infection. This case illustrates a unique occurrence of kidney injury secondary to SARS-CoV-2 infection and anti–COVID-19 therapy.
Binge alcohol drinking before pregnancy is closely associated with the development of macrosomia: Korean pregnancy registry cohort; Background Alcohol drinking during pregnancy has been well-known to cause the detrimental effects on fetal development; however, the adverse effects of pre-pregnancy drinking are largely unknown. We investigate whether alcohol drinking status before pregnancy is associated with the risk for macrosomia, an offspring’s adverse outcome, in a Korean pregnancy registry cohort (n = 4,542) enrolled between 2013 and 2017. Methods Binge drinking was defined as consuming ≥5 drinks on one occasion and ≥2 times a week, and a total 2,886 pregnant, included in the final statistical analysis, were divided into 3 groups: never, non-binge, and binge drinking. Results The prevalence of macrosomia was higher in binge drinking before pregnancy than those with never or non-binge drinking (7.5% vs. 3.2% or 2.9%, p = 0.002). Multivariable logistic regression analysis demonstrated an independent association between macrosomia and prepregnancy binge drinking after adjusting for other confounders (adjusted odds ratio = 2.29; 95% CI, 1.08–4.86; p = 0.031). The model added binge drinking before pregnancy led to improvement of 10.6% (95% CI, 2.03–19.07; p = 0.0006) in discrimination from traditional risk prediction models. Conclusion Together, binge drinking before pregnancy might be an independent risk factor for developing macrosomia. Intensified intervention for drinking alcohol in women who are planning a pregnancy is important and may help prevent macrosomia.
SFlt-1/PlGF Ratio at 24 Weeks Gestation in Twin Pregnancies as a Predictor of Preeclampsia or Fetal Growth Restriction; Introduction: The objective was to elucidate if the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio at 24 weeks in twin pregnancies could be useful to select patients who subsequently develop diseases related to placental dysfunction, such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction (FGR). Methods: This was a prospective study among all twin pregnancies followed up at a tertiary hospital. The sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was determined at 24 weeks. Results: A total of 108 patients with a twin gestation were included. Pregnant women who developed preeclampsia and/or FGR displayed a significantly higher sFlt-1/PlGF ratio at 24 weeks, compared to those who did not develop these diseases (20.3 vs. 4.3, p = 0.002). The mean sFlt-1/PlGF ratio was not significantly different between patients who subsequently developed preeclampsia compared with those that developed FGR (29.8 vs. 18.45, p = 0.42). A sFlt-1/PlGF ratio ≥17 at 24 weeks is associated with a significant increase in the frequency of preeclampsia (odds ratio, 37.13 [95% confidence interval, 4.78-288.25]; p = 0.002), and FGR (odds ratio, 39.58 [95% confidence interval, 6.31-248.17]; p < 0.001). The addition of maternal characteristics and mean pulsatility index of the uterine arteries to the sFlt-1/PlGF ratio at 24 weeks enhances the identification of patients who develop preeclampsia or FGR. Conclusion: The sFlt-1/PlGF ratio at 24 weeks in twin pregnancies, combined with the mean pulsatility index of the uterine arteries and maternal characteristics, could select patients who develop preeclampsia or FGR. These patients might benefit from a close follow-up in order to avoid maternal-fetal adverse outcomes.
Incidence of Microalbuminuria and its Correlation with Ankle Brachial Index, Sugar Levels and Duration of type 2 Diabetes Mellitus with Special Emphasis to Predict Vascular Complications; Introduction: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by persistence hyperglycemia resulting from the defects in insulin secretion, action or both. Diabetes prevalence is rapidly increasing, especially in urban India. The changing lifestyle has majorly contributed to the increasing prevalence of diabetes. Aim: To determine the incidence of microalbuminuria and its correlation with age, sex, duration, Fasting Blood Sugar (FBS), Postprandial Blood Sugar (PPBS) and Body Mass Index (BMI). Also to detect the presence of vascular complications using Ankle Brachial Index (ABI), Pulse Wave Velocity (PWV), Augmentaion Index (AI) and microalbuminuria. Materials and Methods: The present cross-sectional study was conducted in Shri B.M. Patil Medical College, Hospital and Research Centre, Vijayapura, Karnataka, India from March 2018 to June 2018. The study included assessment of blood glucose level both fasting blood sugar and postprandial blood sugar, microalbumin levels in 100 known diabetic patients and also ABI, PWV and AI were measured using periscope instrument. Analytical test to measure the differences between two means of the two groups independent t-test was applied and multiple regressoon analysis was done. Results: Out of total 100 subjects 59% were males and 41% were females. The correlation of microalbuminuria with factors like, duration of diabetes, FBS, PPBS, PWV and AI was statistically significant with a p-value of <0.05 in this study. The correlation of duration of diabetes with factors like age, BMI, microalbuminuria was statistically significant with a p-value of <0.05. Conclusion: This study confirmed that incidence of microalbuminuria increases with duration of diabetes, poorly controlled blood sugar levels. Microalbuminuria, ABI, PWV and AI are the reliable, non invasive and simple methods used for the screening of vascular complications.
Current Trends of Big Data Research Using the Korean National Health Information Database; Recently, medical research using big data has become very popular, and its value has become increasingly recognized. The Korean National Health Information Database (NHID) is representative of big data that combines information obtained from the National Health Insurance Service collected for claims and reimbursement of health care services and results obtained from general health examinations provided to all Korean adults. This database has several strengths and limitations. Given the large size, various laboratory data, and questionnaires obtained from medical check-ups, their longitudinal nature, and long-term accumulation of data since 2002, carefully designed studies may provide valuable information that is difficult to obtain from other forms of research. However, consideration of possible bias and careful interpretation when defining causal relationships is also important because the data were not collected for research purposes. After the NHID became publicly available, research and publications based on this database have increased explosively, especially in the field of diabetes and metabolism. This article reviews the history, structure, and characteristics of the Korean NHID. Recent trends in big data research using this database, commonly used operational diagnosis, and representative studies have been introduced. We expect further progress and expansion of big data research using the Korean NHID.
The Predisposing Risk Factors for Non-syndromic Congenital Heart Disease: A Case-Control Study; Objectives: Despite the importance of congenital heart disease (CHD) in the population, the risk factors predisposing infants to be born with non-syndromic CHD are not well understood yet. Materials and Methods: In a case-control study, we recruited consecutive 109 infants with non-syndromic CHD who were referred to our pediatric cardiac care clinic and then compared them with 117 infants without CHD (2015-2016). Paternal, maternal, and neonatal demographic information, maternal past medical history, and antenatal history were recorded for each child. To investigate the potential risk factors for developing CHD, infants with and without CHD were compared in terms of study variables. In a second analysis, preterm infants were excluded and term infants were compared regarding the study variables. Results: The findings revealed that higher maternal and paternal education were both associated with a lower risk of CHD (odds ratio [OR]: 0.47, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.24-0.93, P = 0.031, and OR: 0.45, 95% CI: 0.23-0.89, P = 0.023, respectively). The family history of CHD in the first- or second-degree relatives of infants was significantly associated with CHD (OR: 3.56, 95% CI: 1.35-9.40, P = 0.007). Several parameters were more prevalent in the CHD group, including having lower birth weight, having preterm birth, being the fourth birth order or higher, and not receiving maternity care under the supervision of a gynecologist. However, higher birth order and lower birth weight were not associated with CHD in exclusively term infants. Finally, a higher maternal educational level was related to lower CHD in term infants even after adjusting for a family history of CHD and preconception diabetes mellitus (OR: 5.45, 95% CI: 1.71-17.37, P = 0.004). Conclusions: Our study findings demonstrate the need for a more enhanced primary care program, especially in patients with poor financial status and a family history of CHD.
The birth of cardiac disease: Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes mellitus and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the biggest killer worldwide, composing a major economic burden for health care systems. Obesity and diabetes are dual epidemics on the rise and major risk factors predisposing for CVD. Increased obesity- and diabetes-related incidence is now observed among children, adolescents, and young adults. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder, and its prevalence is rapidly increasing. During pregnancies complicated by GDM, the offspring are exposed to a compromised intrauterine environment characterized by hyperglycemic periods. Unfavorable in utero conditions at critical periods of fetal cardiac development can produce developmental adaptations that remodel the cardiovascular system in a way that can contribute to adult-onset of heart disease due to the programming during fetal life. Epidemiological studies have reported increased cardiovascular complications among GDM-descendants, highlighting the urgent need to investigate and understand the mechanisms modulated during fetal development of in utero GDM-exposed offspring that predispose an individual to increased CVD during life. In this manuscript, we overview previous studies in this area and gather evidence linking GDM and CVD development in the offspring, providing new insights on novel mechanisms contributing to offspring CVD programming by GDM, from the role of maternal–fetal interactions to their impact on fetal cardiovascular development, how the perpetuation of cardiac programming is maintained in postnatal life, and advance the intergenerational implications contributing to increased CVD premature origin. Understanding the perpetuation of CVD can be the first step to manage and reverse this leading cause of morbidity and mortality. This article is categorized under: Reproductive System Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Cardiovascular Diseases > Molecular and Cellular Physiology Metabolic Diseases > Genetics/Genomics/Epigenetics.
Maternal-fetal characteristics, etiological factors and perinatal outcome in pregnancies with polyhydramnios; This study aimed to evaluate maternal and fetal characteristics, etiological factors and perinatal outcome in pregnancies with polyhydramnios. A total of 330 pregnancies diagnosed with polyhydramnios were included in this retrospective study conducted a tertiary center. Data on maternal age, obstetric characteristics, etiology of polyhydramnios, detailed prenatal ultrasonography findings on fetal anomaly, cesarean delivery and the adverse pregnancy outcomes were recorded. The polyhydramnios was idiopathic in 47.0% of cases, while the maternal diabetes (29.4%) and fetal conditions (23.6%) were responsible for the etiology in the remaining cases. The most common anomalies identified on prenatal ultrasonography were central nervous system anomalies (29.5%), followed by the gastrointestinal system anomalies (11.5%). Cesarean delivery occurred in 38.2% of pregnancies, while adverse pregnancy outcomes were noted in 64.5% of pregnancies and including delivery of a neonate with congenital anomaly (36.6%), macrosomia (21.1%), preterm delivery (18.3%), perinatal mortality (13.1%) and pregnancy termination (10.8%). In conclusion, our findings revealed the polyhydramnios to be idiopathic approximately in half of cases, and to be due to either maternal diabetes or fetal pathology (central nervous system and gastrointestinal anomalies) in the other half. Given the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in most of pregnancies with polyhydramnios, our findings emphasize the vital role of intensive monitoring of the maternal-fetal condition in pregnancies with polyhydramnios. Meticulous diagnostic approach seems crucial for timely recognition of fetal anomalies via detailed imaging studies as well as the early recognition and strict control of gestational diabetes via close follow up, given the likelihood of erroneously diagnosed idiopathic polyhydramnios to challenge the implementation of proper management and appropriate counselling of patients.
Pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes among women with an arcuate uterus, a large American population based study; Study question: In this study, we evaluated the pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes among women with an arcuate uterus. Summary answer: The arcuate uterus is associated with multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, particularly, increased risk for; cesarean delivery (CS), venous thromboembolism (VTE) and pulmonary embolism (PE). What is known already: Congenital uterine anomalies (CUAs) have been associated with poor reproductive outcomes. The arcuate uterus is one of the most common CUAs, however, it is believed to be a variation of normal and should as such have minimal adverse effects on pregnancies. However, the published studies evaluating the effects of arcuate uteri on pregnancy outcomes, involved only small numbers of participants, and were not powered to detect differences, while reporting conflicting results. Study design, size, duration: A retrospective population-based study was conducted using data from the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). Unique in-hospital births occurring between 2010 and 2014 were included. Cases of arcuate uterus were identified using the ICD code 752.36. A total of 3,840,147 control births and 754 in women with an arcuate uterus occurred during the study period. Pregnancies in women with an arcuate uterus were compared to those without CUAs. Participants/materials, setting, methods: We assessed hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), preterm delivery, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, delivery mode, bleeding, clotting and wound complications, maternal infections or death. Selected neonatal outcomes included small for gestational age(SGA), intrauterine fetal demise and congenital anomalies. A multivariate logistic regression was used to adjust for confounding effects. IRB approval was not required since the study included only publicly available anonymized data. Main results and the role of chance: Women with an arcuate uteri were more likely to be older, Caucasian, with a higher income, and private insurance (P-value < 0.0001 all). They were also more likely to have had a Cesarean in the past, to have pre-gestational diabetes, thyroid disorders, an in-vitro pregnancy and multiple gestations (P-value <0.01 all). Pregnancies associated with the arcuate uterus had higher rates of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) (aOR 1.32, 95% CI 1.03-1.70), preeclampsia (aOR 1.63, 95% CI 1.18-2.24), premature preterm rupture of membranes (PPROM) (aOR 2.86, 95% CI 1.86-4.40), preterm delivery (aOR 1.86, 95% CI 1.45-2.37) and placental abruption (aOR 3.08, 95% CI 1.99-4.77). They also had 10.88 times the odds of delivering via Cesarean (95% CI 8.90-13.30), 4.81 times the odds of suffering from a VTE (95% CI 1.20-19.30) and 15.14 times the odds of having a PE (95% CI 3.76-60.91). Small for gestational age (SGA) neonates were also more common (aOR 2.21, 95% CI 1.58-3.10). Limitations, reasons for caution: The database may be affected by recall bias and coding issues. Information on the method of diagnosing arcuate uteri was lacking. However, to our knowledge, this is the largest study looking at the reproductive outcomes with the arcuate uterus. We were powered to adjust results to identified confounding factors. Wider implications of the findings: Our study demonstrates that women with an arcuate uterus are at increased risk for certain undesirable pregnancy outcomes. Physicians following these women should be prepared to manage these complications. Since our results differ from those of some smaller cohorts, additional large studies should be undertaken to confirm the results.
The predictive value of the menstrual cycle pattern in adolescence on fertility and general health at age 40 years; Study question: What is the predictive value of the menstrual cycle pattern in adolescence on fertility, cardiovascular- and metabolic health at age 40 years Summary answer: Adolescents with oligomenorrhea are more often treated to conceive, but, are as likely to have children as those with regular menstrual cycles. What is known already: Polycystic ovary syndrome(PCOS) is the main endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. Adolescents with oligomenorrhea have a high risk for PCOS and potential subfertility due to ovulatory disorders. PCOS is also associated with pregnancy complications as pregnancy induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Furthermore PCOS is related to long-term health risks such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Studies on longitudinal implications of adolescent oligomenorrhea for fertility are lacking. Data on long-term health consequences of PCOS usually describe the development of these diseases in adult PCOS patients and lack longitudinal input starting at adolescence. Study design, size, duration: This is a long-term follow-up study based on a unique adolescent study on menstrual irregularities performed between 1990- 1997, the Pubertal onset of Menstrual Cycle abnormalities, a prospective study, the POMP study. We contacted stratified samples of this studycohort two decades after the initial study for a questionnaire assessing PCOS features, fertility history, pregnancy outcome, metabolic and cardiovascular health. Participants/materials, setting, methods: 160 of 271 of the invited adult participants completed the questionnaire; the mean adolescent age was 15.3 years and the women were 39.6 years at time of follow-up. 92 had a regular menstrual cycle as adolescent and also as adult (REGREG); 15 changed to oligomenorrhea in adulthood (REGOL); 21 oligoamenorrheic adolescents remained oligomenorrheic (OLOL), and 31 oligomenorrheic girls developed a regular menstrual cycle pattern (OLREG). Main results and the role of chance: Of those with adolescent regular menstrual cycles(REGREG+REGOL) 12 never tried to conceive, 4 tried but never conceived and 92 of 96(95,8%) conceived, 89 of 96(92,7%) delivered at least one living child. The mean time to pregnancy (TTP) in the REGREG subgroup was 7.2(SD 11.2) months with 14.6% subfertility (TTP > 12 months) compared to a TTP of 14.9 (SD 19.5) months with 35.7% subfertility in the REGOLsubgroup. 47 of 52 adolescents with oligomenorrhea (OLOL+OLREG) tried to conceive and 45(95,6%) succeeded to have at least one full term pregnancy. The mean TTP was 12.8 months (SD 19.8) in the OLOL subgroup versus 13.6 (SD 18.2) months in the OLREG subgoup, respectively 30 % and 24 % had a TTP > 12 months (p=0.17). The median number of children was two in all subgroups. The OLOL subgroup had more fertility treatments -40%- than the other subgroups (14-22%) (p=0.08). BMI did not differ between the four subgroups. The risk for pregnancy induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia was comparable among all subgroups (14-20%). Gestational diabetes developed in 3 participants all part of the OLOLsubgroup. Adult diabetes (0-5%), hypertension(3-10%), hypercholesterolaemia( 0-5%) were diagnosed most frequently in the OLOLsubgroup, Cardiovascular disease(0-1%) in the REGREG subgroup Limitations, reasons for caution: The numbers in the study are small. However the small difference between the percentage with a least one living child of those with adolescent oligomenorhea versus those with adolescent regular menstrual cycles is reassuring. Time to pregnancy data may have been biased by early treatment of oligomenorrheic adults. Wider implications of the findings: Oligomenorrheic adolescents may be reassured for their chance to have a live birth being comparable with those with a regular menstrual cycle.
Cardiovascular autonomic nervous function in singletons conceived after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer compared to naturally conceived children; Study question: Do children conceived after assisted reproductive technologies (ART) with frozen or fresh embryo transfer have altered cardiovascular autonomic nervous function compared to naturally conceived children? Summary answer: Cardiovascular autonomic nervous function was comparable in singletons conceived after ART with frozen or fresh embryo transfer, and naturally conceived children. What is known already: Cardiovascular autonomic nervous function (CANF) exert important homeostatic mechanisms to prevent major arterial blood pressure fluctuations by adjusting heart rate, cardiac contractility, and peripheral vascular tone. CANF is impaired in children with obesity and diabetes mellitus, and conductance artery stiffness is documented to influence CANF. Previous studies have reported that children conceived after ART are at risk of increased carotid intima-media thickness; insulin resistance; arterial stiffness; and hypertension. This is the first study to investigate CANF in children conceived after ART. Study design, size, duration: CANF was studied in 110 singletons aged 7- 12 years conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET, N=35), fresh embryo transfer (fresh-ET, N=39) or natural conception (NC, N=36). Children were born between 2009 and 2013. This study was conducted between June 2019 and October 2021. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Participants were identified through the Danish IVF and Medical Birth Registries. CANF was evaluated by heart rate (HR) changes (ratio to rest) during deep breathing; Valsalva; and active stand test with continuous non-invasive hemodynamic measurements. Anthropometric measures, fasting blood samples, and maternal questionnaires were collected. Neonatal and maternal pregnancy data were collected from the Medical Birth Registry. Children with a history of congenital heart disease or mothers with gestational diabetes or diabetes mellitus were excluded. Main results and the role of chance: A total of 110 singletons with a median age of 9.0 years were included in this study. We found no significant associations between conception method and our measures of CANF. For FET, fresh-ET, and NC, respectively, the HR-ratio for deep breathing was 1.62 (0.2 SD), 1.62 (0.16) and 1.63 (0.17) (ANOVA-P = 0.97). For Valsalva, the HR-ratio was 1.97 (0.4), 1.88 (0.41) and 1.63 (0.17), respectively (ANOVA-P = 0.24). For the active stand test, the HR-ratio was 1.43 (0.17), 1.41 (0.2) and 1.43 (0.19), respectively (ANOVA-P = 0.91). Associations remained non-significant after adjustment for age, sex, body surface area, body mass index, and mean arterial pressure. In the multivariate analysis, several other factors were significantly associated with HR-ratio for deep breathing: age (b = -0.06, P=0.03), body surface area (b=0.79, P=0.01), body mass index (b = -0.03, P=0.04), and mean arterial pressure (b =-0.01, P=0.03), but not with other measures of CANF. All data for CANF were within reference limits. Also, mothers in the ART groups were older at childbirth than NC group as expected. No significant differences were observed in clinical characteristics, including neonatal and other maternal data. Limitations, reasons for caution: This study is limited by its observational design to draw any firm conclusion on causality. Also, it is a limitation that the pubertal status was not systematically assessed as pubertal hormones may play a role in CANF. Wider implications of the findings: This study contributes to the current knowledge about cardiovascular health risks in ART children. Reassuringly, this study found that children conceived after ART (frozen or fresh-ET) did not exhibit impaired cardiovascular autonomic nervous function compared to naturally conceived children.
HELLP syndrome with abruptio placenta and intrauterine fetal demise (IUD) in a patient with a previous history of eclampsia complicated with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES): A case report; Introduction: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy cover a spectrum of conditions, including preeclampsia, chronic and gestational hypertension with sinister complications of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count) syndrome as a leading cause of fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality. Case Description: A 19-year-old, gravida 2 para 1 at 31 weeks period of gestation with gestational diabetes. Her first pregnancy was complicated with eclampsia with PRES syndrome on day 3 post-delivery, and she required ICU admission and assisted ventilation. She recovered well with no neurological deficit. On the 31st week of gestation of her second pregnancy she presented with painful uterine contractions and vaginal bleeding. Her blood pressure was 116/63 mmHg, heart rate was 96 beats per minute, and she was afebrile. On assessment, the uterus was larger than the date and speculum examination was unremarkable, hence diagnosed as revealed abruption placenta. Ultrasound findings of non-viable singleton fetus with huge retroplacental clots and laboratory findings concluded the diagnosis. Intravenous magnesium sulphate was given in loading of 4 g over 15 mins followed by a maintenance dose of 1 g/h for 24 hours. An emergency cesarean performed. Intraoperatively, massive amount of retroplacental clot with Couvelaire uterus requiring blood transfusion. Postoperatively, her blood pressure was optimized with a single antihypertensive agent and she was discharged on day 5 post-operative. Discussion: HELLP syndrome is a severe and dreadful complication of preeclampsia and eclampsia. Timely diagnosis and prompt intervention is crucial to arrest further complications.
A case of VACTERL in primigravida: A case study; Introduction: VACTERL which stands for vertebral defects, anal atresia, cardiac defects, tracheo-esophageal fistula, renal anomalies, and limb abnormalities is a disorder that affects many body systems. A diagnosis is made when at least three of these congenital anomalies are present. Diagnosis is difficult as many disorders have multiple features in common with VACTERL. Among the causes are abnormal or asymmetric timing of molecular oscillator, disturbance of mesoderm production and environmental agents. Risk factors include assisted reproductive techniques (ART), pre-gestational diabetes mellitus, and chronic lower obstructive pulmonary diseases. The occurrence rate is approximately 1/10,000-1/40,000 live births. Case Description: We describe a case which was diagnosed at 35 weeks, following ultrasound scan findings of polycystic kidneys, cystic lesions from bowel suspecting ileal atresia, short long bones, single umbilical artery, and severe oligohydromnios. Caesarean section was done for fetal distress at 35 weeks. Baby was delivered limp and required intubation and assisted ventilation. The was distended abdomen, imperforated anus and single umbilical artery. Echocardiogram showed mild PPHN with moderate PDA, moderate ASD, mild MR and AR. Ultrasound noted multicystic structures with fluid filled dilated bowels with bilateral hydronephrosis. X-Ray showed cardiomegaly with vertebral anomaly. Baby expired at 14 hours of life with the diagnosis of VACTERL. Discussion: The limitation of our resources may pose a hurdle to an early diagnosis of VACTERL. Approximately 90% of VACTERL occur sporadically, with an empiric recurrence risk of 1% or less. VACTREL association are heterogenous, as likely more causes will arise in future.
Audit of an obstetric medicine unit: Presenting the case mix of inpatient presentations; Background: Obstetric Medicine is an evolving speciality and provides physician-led input to a growing number of women with medical disorders in pregnancy. The Obstetric Medicine service at the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital has expanded in recent years to include an obstetric medicine inpatient unit in 2017. To date, there are no studies describing the range of presentations to an obstetric medicine inpatient service. Aim: To report on the indications for inpatient referral to the Obstetric Medicine inpatient service over a 12-month period at a tertiary teaching hospital. Methodology: A retrospective audit of all women admitted to the obstetric medicine inpatient unit or referred to the obstetric medicine team's consultation service at the Royal Brisbane and Women's Hospital between October 2017 and October 2018. Results: The obstetric medicine team reviewed 553 presentations in 430 women. A total of 427 initial reviews were provided as a consultative service and 126 reviews were patient admissions to the obstetric medicine inpatient unit. The most frequent reasons for obstetric medicine team referral included gestational diabetes mellitus (125/553, 22.6%), preeclampsia (101/553, 18.3%) and cardiovascular issues (81/553, 14.6%). Ninety-one re-admissions required obstetric medicine review. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy 24/91 (26.0%), cardiovascular pathology 18/91 (20.0%) and neurological diagnoses 11/91 (12.0%) were the most common obstetric medicine issues on re-admission. Conclusion: This audit provides data regarding the inpatient case mix for an obstetric medicine service in an Australian tertiary hospital.
Heartbreak after preeclampsia; Epidemiological evidence from both national and international cohorts has consistently demonstrated strong associations between preeclampsia and increased ongoing risk of cardiovascular and metabolic disease for affected women. Risks (compared to women after normotensive pregnancy) include at least doubled chance of ischaemic heart disease, cardiovascular death, and stroke, doubled rate of type 2 diabetes even when the preeclamptic pregnancy was not complicated by gestational diabetes, and a five-fold increase in end-stage renal disease. These increases in relative risk are present within 5 to 10 years of an affected pregnancy, continue lifelong, and persist after adjustment for confounding factors. Risks after gestational hypertension appear similar. Adverse cardiometabolic outcomes are further increased in women with preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, and other cardiovascular risk factors such as smoking. Pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders, therefore, represents an important opportunity to identify young women at increased risk of cardiovascular disease and implement measures to improve their lifelong health, such as lifestyle behaviour change. However, postpartum follow-up of these women remains largely ad hoc, and few studies have examined early intervention programs. This talk will review the evidence around health risks and how to improve women's health after hypertensive pregnancy, as well as the evidence gaps to be filled moving forwards.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES: PREVALENCE AND RISKS FOR THE MOTHER AND CHILD (REVIEW); Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is chronic hyperglycemia during gestation in women without previously diagnosed diabetes. This hyperglycemia is caused by impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in the setting of chronic insulin resistance. GDM has been found to affect approximately 4-16.5% of pregnant women worldwide. The large range of prevalence is associated with different approaches to the diagnosis of gestational diabetes, which are addressed in recent organizational documents but have not yet been introduced into wide clinical practice, and therefore prevalence figures vary between countries, as well as between regions of one country. Studies have shown that overweight and obese patients or people with a family history of any form of diabetes are more likely to have GDM and the incidence of GDM increases with the age of the pregnant woman. It has been proven that half of the cases of GDM occur as a relapse in a subsequent pregnancy. Consequences of GDM include an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, as well as macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a long-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. Despite the fact that management strategies, insulin therapy, and behavioral therapy have been discussed for a long time, the effectiveness of these methods is insufficient. This review discusses what is currently known about the epidemiology, pathophysiology of GDM, and maternal and child outcomes.
Engineering bioactive nanoparticles to rejuvenate vascular progenitor cells; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including type-2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs), including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Although several approaches have been previously explored to restore endothelial function, their widespread adoption remains tampered by systemic side effects of adjuvant drugs and unintended immune response of gene therapies. Here, we report a strategy to rejuvenate circulating vascular progenitor cells by conjugation of drug-loaded liposomal nanoparticles directly to the surface of GDM-exposed ECFCs (GDM-ECFCs). Bioactive nanoparticles can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. Moreover, controlled delivery of therapeutic drugs to GDM-ECFCs is able to normalize transgelin (TAGLN) expression and improve cell migration, which is a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. More importantly, sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation with bioactive nanoparticles is able to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis of GDM-ECFCs. Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potential. Promising results from this study warrant future investigations on the prospect of the proposed strategy to improve dysfunctional vascular progenitor cells in the context of other chronic diseases, which has broad implications for addressing various cardiovascular complications, as well as advancing tissue repair and regenerative medicine.
Recurrent Infection and Immune Dysfunction: A Case of NCF-2 Gene Mutation with Secondary Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis; A 3-month-old female was referred to our facility for evaluation of recurrent severe infections. Her medical history was rich with frequent hospital admissions for intravenous antibiotic courses, blood transfusions on two separate occasions, and a recent growth of Pseudomonas aeruginosa on bronchoalveolar lavage culture. During inpatient stay, culture-sensitive antibiotics, broad-spectrum antifungals, and blood products were administered. Her blood, urine, and spinal fluid cultures, as well as serum/respiratory viral screening panels, yielded nil. In view of persistent high-grade fever, raised inflammatory markers, and recurrent infections, whole-exome sequencing was performed with the suspicion of an underlying immunodeficiency syndrome and/or primary hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH). A homozygous pathogenic variant c.229C>T(p.R77X) in the NCF-2 (neutrophil cytosolic factor 2) gene was detected, with no concurrent primary HLH mutations. Thus, a diagnosis of chronic granulomatous disease with secondary HLH was confirmed. Aggressive continuation of antimicrobial therapy soon led to defervescence, recession of inflammatory markers, and improvement in general wellbeing. Notably, the institution of definitive HLH treatment protocol was not required as the triggering element was targeted. The patient was then repatriated on prophylactic antibiotics with strong recommendation for bone marrow transplantation.
Diabetes mellitus susceptibility with varied diseased phenotypes and its comparison with phenome interactome networks; An emerging area of interest in understanding disease phenotypes is systems genomics. Complex diseases such as diabetes have played an important role towards understanding the susceptible genes and mutations. A wide number of methods have been employed and strategies such as polygenic risk score and allele frequencies have been useful, but understanding the candidate genes harboring those mutations is an unmet goal. In this perspective, using systems genomic approaches, we highlight the application of phenome-interactome networks in diabetes and provide deep insights. LINC01128, which we previously described as candidate for diabetes, is shown as an example to discuss the approach.
The Role of Slit-2 in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Its Effect on Pregnancy Outcome; Background: Slit guidance ligand 2 (Slit-2), as a member of the Slit family, can regulate the inflammatory response and glucose metabolism. The purpose of this study was to explore the expression of Slit-2 in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients and its potential importance in disease progression. Methods: This study included 57 healthy pregnant women and 61 GDM patients. The levels of Slit-2, C-reactive protein (CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), C-peptide (C-P), galectin-3(Gal-3), HbA1c, fasting blood glucose (FBG) and fasting insulin (FINS) in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood were detected by ELISA. Spearman’s rank correlation test was used to assess the association between peripheral Slit-2 and inflammatory indicators, insulin resistance, and pregnancy outcomes. Logistic regression analysis was used to analyze the risk factors of GDM. Results: Slit-2 levels in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of the GDM patients were higher than those of the HC. Slit-2 levels in maternal peripheral blood and neonatal cord blood of the GDM patients were positively correlated with inflammatory factors CRP and MCP-1 levels. The level of Slit-2 in the maternal peripheral blood of the GDM patients was positively correlated with the level of homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and HbA1c in maternal peripheral blood, but was negatively correlated with the level of homeostasis model assessment –β (HOMA-β). We also found that the Slit-2 level in the maternal peripheral blood of the GDM patients was negatively correlated with neonatal blood glucose, positively correlated with neonatal weight and independent of neonatal total bilirubin. Conclusion: Our study suggests that the abnormal increase in Slit-2 in GDM may be related to its pathogenesis, and it was correlated with neonatal blood glucose and weight in patients with GDM, suggesting that Slit-2 may be a potential biomarker of GDM.
Development and testing of an intact cord resuscitation trolley; Objective To develop a mobile resuscitation platform - intact cord resuscitation (ICR) trolley and to assess the safety, feasibility and acceptability of its use during delayed cord clamping (DCC). Study design Bench-side product development and single-arm experimental study. Participants and methods We first developed a theoretical framework of the specifications required for the platform which can provide resuscitation close to the delivery/operating table. The theoretical framework was then translated into a working model in a series of iterations. After testing and training of healthcare workers in a simulated environment, the trolley was tested to perform DCC in neonates who were born at ≥34 weeks of gestation and were breathing spontaneously at birth. Outcomes measured Primary outcome was the feasibility of DCC using the ICR trolley defined as the proportion of babies successfully completing 180 s of DCC on the trolley. Secondary outcomes included the proportion of babies with 1 min heart rate (HR) and oxygen saturation (SpO 2) recorded, neonatal and maternal safety outcomes, and acceptability among care providers. Results Among 50 neonates (gestation: 36.9±1.9 weeks and birth weight: 2544±649 g) enrolled in the study, DCC for ≥180 s was successfully done in 42 (84%) neonates. The mean duration of DCC was 170±27 s. HR and SpO 2 at 1 min were recorded successfully in 92% of the babies. The majority of the maternal and neonatal care provider strongly supported the use of ICR trolley. Conclusion We developed an ICR trolley and successfully tested the feasibility and acceptability of its use in healthy neonates undergoing DCC.
Progress of Pathogenesis in Pediatric Multifocal Atrial Tachycardia; Multifocal atrial tachycardia (MAT) is defined as irregular P-P, R-R, and P-R intervals, isoelectric baseline between P waves, and ventricular rate over 100 beats/min. Although the prognosis of pediatric MAT in most patients is favorable, adverse outcomes of MAT have been reported, such as cardiogenic death (3%), respiratory failure (6%), or persistent arrhythmia (7%), due to delayed diagnosis and poorly controlled MAT. Previous studies demonstrated that pediatric MAT is associated with multiple enhanced automatic lesions located in the atrium or abnormal automaticity of a single lesion located in the pulmonary veins via multiple pathways to trigger electrical activity. Recent studies indicated that pediatric MAT is associated with the formation of a re-entry loop, abnormal automaticity, and triggering activity. The occurrence of pediatric MAT is affected by gestational disease, congenital heart disease, post-cardiac surgery, pulmonary hypertension, and infectious diseases, which promote MAT via inflammation, redistribution of the autonomic nervous system, and abnormal ion channels. However, the pathogenesis of MAT needs to be explored. This review is aimed to summarize and analyze the pathogenesis in pediatric MAT.
Evaluating the Causal Effects of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Heart Disease, and High Body Mass Index on Maternal Alzheimer’s Disease and Dementia: Multivariable Mendelian Randomization; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), heart disease (HD) and high body mass index (BMI) are strongly related to Alzheimer’s disease (AD) dementia in pregnant women. Therefore, we aimed to determine the total effects of GDM, heart disease, and high BMI on maternal AD dementia. Methods: We used data from the genome-wide association studies of European populations including more than 30,000 participants. We performed two-sample Mendelian randomization (MR) and multivariable MR (MVMR) to systematically estimate the direct effects of GDM, HD, and high BMI on maternal AD and dementia. Multiple sensitivity analyses involving classical MR approaches and expanded MR-pleiotropy residual sum and outlier analysis. Results: In two-sample MR analysis, the inverse-variance weighted method in our study demonstrated no significant causality between GDM and maternal dementia (β = −0.006 ± 0.0026, p = 0.82). This method also revealed no significant causality between high BMI and maternal dementia (β = 0.0024 ± 0.0043, p = 0.57), and it was supported by the MR-Egger regression results, which showed no causal effect of high BMI on maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (β = 0.0027 ± 0.0096, p = 0.78). The IVW method showed no significant causal relationship between maternal HD and maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (β = −0.05 ± 0.0042, p = 0.117) and MR-Egger regression analysis gave a similar result (β = −0.12 ± 0.0060, p = 0.079). In MVMR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, high BMI, or HD and maternal Alzheimer’s disease and dementia (p = 0.94, 0.82, and 0.13, respectively). Thus, the MVMR estimates were consistent with our results from the two-sample MR analysis. We confirmed that these results showed no horizontal pleiotropy and enhanced the robustness of our results through multiple sensitivity analyses. Conclusion: In two-sample MR analysis, we found no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. These results differed from previous observational studies showing HD is a significant predictor of dementia. MVMR analysis supported no significant causal relationship between GDM, HD, high BMI and maternal AD and dementia. Sensitivity analysis broadly increased the robustness of two-sample MR and MVMR analysis results.
Prospective Evaluation of Cardiovascular Risk 10 Years After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) 20-30 years later; however, cardiovascular (CV) risk in the decade after HDP is less studied. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to evaluate differences in CV risk factors as well as subclinical CVD among a well-characterized group of racially diverse patients with and without a history of HDP 10 years earlier. Methods: This is a prospective study of patients with and without a diagnosis of HDP ≥10 years earlier (2005-2007) who underwent in-person visits with echocardiography, arterial tonometry, and flow-mediated dilation of the brachial artery. Results: A total of 135 patients completed assessments (84 with and 51 without a history of HDP); 85% self-identified as Black. Patients with a history of HDP had a 2.4-fold increased risk of new hypertension compared with those without HDP (56.0% vs. 23.5%; adjusted relative risk: 2.4; 95% CI: 1.39-4.14) with no differences in measures of left ventricular structure, global longitudinal strain, diastolic function, arterial stiffness, or endothelial function. Patients who developed hypertension, regardless of HDP history, had greater left ventricular remodeling, including greater relative wall thickness; worse diastolic function, including lower septal and lateral e’ and E/A ratio; more abnormal longitudinal strain; and higher effective arterial elastance than patients without hypertension. Conclusions: We found a 2.4-fold increased risk of hypertension 10 years after HDP. Differences in noninvasive measures of CV risk were driven mostly by the hypertension diagnosis, regardless of HDP history, suggesting that the known long-term risk of CVD after HDP may primarily be a consequence of hypertension development.
Case Report: Kearns Sayre Syndrome Complicated With Postpartum Cardiac Failure; Kearns Sayre Syndrome (KSS) is a rare mitochondrial disease characterized by a primary dysfunction of the mitochondrial respiratory chain. Cardiac involvement is a poor prognostic factor of KSS. Pregnancy and delivery in a KSS patient with cardiac involvement is uncommon, and strategies for the supervision and management of this group remain unclear. Herein, we report and discuss pregnancy and delivery complicated with acute cardiopulmonary failure in a woman with KSS.
Platelet storage pool disorder in pregnancy: Utilising thromboelastography to guide a risk-based delivery plan; We present a case of a 33-year-old woman in her third pregnancy diagnosed with platelet storage pool disorder who had previously suffered two postpartum major obstetric haemorrhages. Platelet storage pool disorder is a rare bleeding disorder where the platelet count is normal but platelet function is impaired due to deficiency of dense granules. A peripartum plan devised by an extensive multi-disciplinary team using principles for managing other bleeding and platelet function disorders helped minimise her risk of major haemorrhage. We also describe how point-of-care thromboelastography can help guide management and enable an individualised risk-benefit discussion with the woman about her anaesthetic choices.
Causes and Demographic Factors Affecting Stillbirth in a Tertiary Care Centre in India; Introduction: Stillbirth is a global health problem having many emotional, social and economic consequences. India has the largest number of stillbirths per year in the world. Objective: The objective of this study is to review the causes of stillbirth and classify the causes into maternal, foetal and placental causes and further classify causes by relevant condition at death (ReCoDe) classification. We intend to observe the causes of and demographic factors contributing to the burden of stillbirths. Using this data, the areas of action can be identified and measures can be formulated to reduce a significant number of perinatal mortalities. Methodology: This is an observational study of data collected over one year (January 2019–December 2019) from a tertiary care centre in Mumbai, India. The maternal demographic characteristics and causes of stillbirth were studied. The causes of stillbirths were classified into maternal, foetal and placental causes and relevant condition at death (ReCoDe) classification [1]. Results: A total of 9074 babies were delivered during this period. There were 275 stillbirths in this year (SBR 30.3 per 1000 total births). Majority of the mothers were in the age group of 26–30 years (32.7%). Almost all the mothers (98.5%) were from urban areas. As per the modified Kuppuswamy classification for urban India, 195 (71.79%) belonged to the upper lower class. 31.2% were primigravidae, and 54.8% had 3 or more antenatal visits. Maternal conditions (pre-eclampsia, diabetes, pre-existing medical disorders) as a group were the cause of maximum number (42%) of stillbirths either directly or as a contributory risk factor. 78% of the stillbirths occurred in the antepartum period. Ours being a referral centre, 65% subjects in the study were referred to us from other peripheral hospitals. 53.8% of the stillborn babies were male. 58.9% were macerated stillbirths. According to the ReCoDe classification, hypertensive disease in pregnancy was the most common cause of stillbirths (76) followed by foetal growth restriction (30). Conclusion: Most of the stillbirths in this study were due to maternal medical conditions. Out of these conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and its consequences were the most common (66.08%). Better regulation of the private healthcare sector, provision of healthcare providers and better equipments in peripheral health centres and a well-chalked out referral system will contribute to reduction in the number of preventable stillbirths. Regular facility-based stillbirth review meetings and healthcare provider accountability would also help to reduce the burden of this silent epidemic as well as reach the goal of a “single-digit” stillbirth rate by the year 2030.
Impact of newly diagnosed diabetes on coronavirus disease 2019 severity and hyperglycemia; Aims/Introduction: Diabetes is associated with poor clinical outcomes of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). However, the impact of newly diagnosed diabetes on prognosis has not been clarified. The objective of this study was to show the features and outcome of COVID-19 patients with newly diagnosed diabetes in Japan. Materials and Methods: We retrospectively analyzed 62 patients with diabetes hospitalized for COVID-19 between 1 April and 18 August 2021 at the National Center for Global Health and Medicine in Tokyo, Japan. We evaluated the worst severity of COVID-19 and plasma blood glucose levels in patients with newly diagnosed diabetes or pre-existing diabetes. Results: This study included 62 confirmed COVID-19 patients with diabetes, including 19 (30.6%) patients with newly diagnosed diabetes and 43 (69.4%) patients with pre-existing diabetes. Patients with newly diagnosed diabetes significantly progressed to a critical condition more frequently during hospitalization than patients with pre-existing diabetes (52.6% vs 20.9%, P = 0.018). In addition, patients with newly diagnosed diabetes had significantly higher average plasma blood glucose levels for the first 3 days after admission than those with pre-existing diabetes. Conclusions: Our study suggests that the proportion of COVID-19 patients who are newly diagnosed with diabetes is high, and they have an increased risk of developing severe disease than those with pre-existing diabetes. It might be advisable that at the point of COVID-19 diagnosis, blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels be assessed in all patients.
Effects of alpha lipoic acid on metabolic syndrome: A comprehensive review; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a multifactorial disease with medical conditions such as hypertension, diabetes, obesity, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Alpha-lipoic acid (α-LA) possesses various pharmacological effects, including antidiabetic, antiobesity, hypotensive, and hypolipidemia actions. It exhibits reactive oxygen species scavenger properties against oxidation and age-related inflammation and refines MetS components. Also, α-LA activates the 5′ adenosine monophosphate-activated protein kinase and inhibits the NFκb. It can decrease cholesterol biosynthesis, fatty acid β-oxidation, and vascular stiffness. α-LA decreases lipogenesis, cholesterol biosynthesis, low-density lipoprotein and very low-density lipoprotein levels, and atherosclerosis. Moreover, α-LA increases insulin secretion, glucose transport, and insulin sensitivity. These changes occur via PI3K/Akt activation. On the other hand, α-LA treats central obesity by increasing adiponectin levels and mitochondrial biogenesis and can reduce food intake mainly by SIRT1 stimulation. In this review, the most relevant articles have been discussed to determine the effects of α-LA on different components of MetS with a special focus on different molecular mechanisms behind these effects. This review exhibits the potential properties of α-LA in managing MetS; however, high-quality studies are needed to confirm the clinical efficacy of α-LA.
Cantù syndrome: Report of a patient with a novel variant in KCNJ8 and revision of literature; Cantù syndrome (CS) is a rare multisystemic disorder, characterized by congenital hypertrichosis, macrocephaly, facial dysmorphisms, cardiomegaly, vascular, and skeletal anomalies. From the cognitive point of view, most of the patients show a mild speech delay and a few of them present intellectual disability and learning difficulties. To date, most CS-reported cases are caused by heterozygous ABCC9 gene mutations. Only three patients with CS and heterozygous KCNJ8 gene variants have been reported. The authors here present the fourth case of CS with a variant in KCNJ8 in a 6-month-old baby. Diagnosis was reached through Trio-Whole Exome analysis that revealed a de novo missense variant in KCNJ8.
Long-term outcomes of children with neonatal transfer: the Japan Environment and Children’s Study; This study aimed to evaluate the association of neonatal transfer with the risk of neurodevelopmental outcomes at 3 years of age. Data were obtained from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study. A general population of 103,060 pregnancies with 104,062 fetuses was enrolled in the study in 15 Regional Centers between January 2011 and March 2014. Live-born singletons at various gestational ages, including term infants, without congenital anomalies who were followed up until 3 years were included. Neurodevelopmental impairment was assessed using the Ages and Stages Questionnaire, third edition (ASQ-3) at 3 years of age. Logistic regression was used to estimate the adjusted risk and 95% confidence interval (CI) for newborns with neonatal transfer. Socioeconomic and perinatal factors were included as potential confounders in the analysis. Among 83,855 live-born singletons without congenital anomalies, 65,710 children were studied. Among them, 2780 (4.2%) were transferred in the neonatal period. After adjustment for potential confounders, the incidence of neurodevelopmental impairment (scores below the cut-off value of all 5 domains in the ASQ-3) was higher in children with neonatal transfer compared with those without neonatal transfer (communication: 6.5% vs 3.5%, OR 1.42, 95% CI 1.19–1.70; gross motor: 7.6% vs 4.0%, OR 1.26, 95% CI 1.07–1.49; fine motor: 11.3% vs 7.1%, OR 1.19, 95% CI 1.03–1.36; problem solving: 10.8% vs 6.8%, OR 1.29, 95% CI 1.12–1.48; and personal-social: 6.2% vs 2.9%, OR 1.52, 95% CI 1.26–1.83). Conclusion: Neonatal transfer was associated with a higher risk of neurodevelopmental impairment at 3 years of age.What is Known:• Neonatal transfer after birth in preterm infants is associated with adverse short-term outcomes.• Long-term outcomes of outborn infants with neonatal transfer in the general population remain unclear.What is New:• This study suggests that neonatal transfer at birth is associated with an increased risk of neurodevelopmental impairment.• Efforts for referring high-risk pregnant women to higher level centers may reduce the incidence of neonatal transfer, leading to improved neurological outcomes in the general population.
Metformin: A promising option for the management of gestational diabetes mellitus – Exploring the benefits, challenges and clinical needs in the current management of gestational diabetes mellitus; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing. One in three women require insulin to achieve glycaemic targets in GDM. However, it is unclear whether insulin therapy alone is the most effective treatment for all women in achieving glycaemic control and preventing adverse pregnancy outcomes. Although no oral hypoglycaemic agents are approved for pregnancy in Australia, recent research indicates that metformin is effective in preventing adverse perinatal outcomes and may even have possible benefits in the long term. Furthermore, there appears to be a specific role for both metformin and insulin among the GDM population. Metformin provides an option to offer an individualised approach to treat GDM.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor in Gestational Diabetes: Analysis of Maternal Serum and Cord Blood Pairs and Comparison of Dietary-and Insulin-Dependent GDM; The Objective of our study was to investigate the influence of dietary (dGDM) and insulin-dependent (iGDM) gestational diabetes (GDM) on BDNF blood levels of corresponding maternal-neonatal pairs and compare them to pregnancies unaffected by GDM. Blood samples from 293 maternal-neonatal pairs were analyzed. Statistical analysis was performed using multiple regression analysis for association of log-transformed maternal and neonatal BDNF levels in relation to GDM, gestational age, neonatal sex, and mode of delivery. This was followed by a 2:1 matching of healthy and diabetic pairs. Maternal and neonatal BDNF levels were lowest in the iGDM group, followed by the dGDM group and healthy controls (maternal: healthy 665 ± 562 (26–2343) pg/mL vs. dGDM 593 ± 446 (25–1522) pg/mL vs. iGDM 541 ± 446 (68–2184) pg/mL; neonate: healthy 541 ± 464 (9.5–2802) pg/mL vs. dGDM 375 ± 342 (1–1491) pg/mL vs. iGDM 330 ± 326 (47–1384) pg/mL). After multiple regression analysis and additional 2:1 matching neonatal log-BDNF was significantly lower (−152.05 pg/mL, p = 0.027) in neonates of mothers with GDM compared to healthy pairs; maternal log-BDNF was also lower (−79.6 pg/mL), but did not reach significance. Our study is the first to analyze BDNF in matched maternal-neonatal pairs of GDM patients compared to a metabolically unaffected control group.
Stillbirth, potentially preventable cases: an Italian retrospective study; Objective. The reduction in the global burden of child mortality is one of the Millennium developmental goals of the World of Health Organization (WHO). Understanding the pathophysiology underlying every single stillbirth case will allow the achievement of the WHO goal by implementing specific interventions. The aim of the study was to examine stillbirth cases occurred from 2012 to 2020 in a single tertiary obstetric care unit in Italy. Materials and Methods. Stillbirths were identified by the hospital electronic archive system. Pre-pregnancy/pregnancy related risk factors and post-mortem examinations were recorded. Results. A total of 53 stillbirth cases out of 19115 deliveries occurred in the study period (overall 2.77 cases every 1000 live births). The most frequent pre-pregnancy risk factors associated to events were maternal overweight/obesity (50.9%), nulliparity (49%), inherited coagulation disorders (26.4%) and sub clinical hypothyroidism (11.3%). The most common pregnancy related risk factors were growth restriction (56.6%), gestational diabetes mellitus (15%), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (9.4%) and cord knot (7.5%). Among the 53 cases, 12 would have been potentially preventable with a better antenatal care (22.6%), seven of these occurred at a gestational age equal or more that 39 weeks of gestation. A significant drop in stillbirth incidence has been documented from 2019 (3.17 cases every 1000 live births before 2019 versus 1.19 cases every 1000 live births from 2019, respectively (p = 0.039)), when, a protocol for induction of labor specific for each pre-pregnancy and pregnancy related risk factors has been introduced in clinical practice. Conclusions. A significant proportion of stillbirth cases are potentially preventable with a better antenatal care.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with endometriosis and fibroids: registry linkage study in Massachusetts; Background: Endometriosis and uterine fibroids are common gynecologic conditions associated with a greater risk for infertility. Previous research has suggested that these conditions are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, potentially because of increased utilization of fertility treatments. Objective: Our objective was to investigate whether women with a history of endometriosis or fibroids had a greater risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and whether this risk varied by infertility history and fertility treatment utilization. Study Design: Deliveries (2013–2017) recorded in Massachusetts’ vital records were linked to assisted reproductive technology data, hospital stays, and all-payer claims database. We identified endometriosis and fibroids diagnoses via the all-payer claims database before index delivery. Adjusted relative risks for pregnancy complications were modeled using generalized estimating equations with a log link and Poisson distribution. The influence of subfertility or infertility and assisted reproductive technology was also investigated. Results: Among 91,825 deliveries, 1560 women had endometriosis and 4212 had fibroids. Approximately 30% of women with endometriosis and 26% of women with fibroids experienced subfertility or infertility without utilizing assisted reproductive technology, and 34% of women with endometriosis and 21% of women with fibroids utilized assisted reproductive technology for the index delivery. Women with a history of endometriosis or fibroids were at a greater risk for pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, or eclampsia (endometriosis relative risk, 1.17; fibroids relative risk, 1.08), placental abnormalities (endometriosis relative risk, 1.65; fibroids relative risk, 1.38), and cesarean delivery (endometriosis relative risk, 1.22; fibroids relative risk, 1.17) than women with no history of those conditions. Neonates born to women with a history of endometriosis or fibroids were also at a greater risk for preterm birth (endometriosis relative risk, 1.24; fibroids relative risk, 1.17). Associations between fibroids and low birthweight varied by fertility status or assisted reproductive technology (P homogeneity=.01) and were stronger among noninfertile women. Conclusion: Endometriosis or fibroids increased the risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, possibly warranting differential screening or treatment.
Sources of Variation in Food-Related Metabolites during Pregnancy; The extent to which variation in food-related metabolites are attributable to non-dietary factors remains unclear, which may explain inconsistent food-metabolite associations observed in population studies. This study examined the association between non-dietary factors and the serum concentrations of food-related biomarkers and quantified the amount of variability in metabolite concentrations explained by non-dietary factors. Pregnant women (n = 600) from two Canadian birth cohorts completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, and serum metabolites were measured by multisegment injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry. Hierarchical linear modelling and principal component partial R-square (PC-PR2) were used for data analysis. For proline betaine and DHA (mainly exogenous), citrus foods and fish/fish oil intake, respectively, explained the highest proportion of variability relative to non-dietary factors. The unique contribution of dietary factors was similar (15:0, 17:0, hippuric acid, TMAO) or lower (14:0, tryptophan betaine, 3-methylhistidine, carnitine) compared to non-dietary factors (i.e., ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age, pre-pregnancy BMI, physical activity, and smoking) for metabolites that can either be produced endogenously, biotransformed by gut microbiota, and/or derived from multiple food sources. The results emphasize the importance of adjusting for non-dietary factors in future analyses to improve the accuracy and precision of the measures of food intake and their associations with health and disease.
Epigenetics and Congenital Heart Diseases; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is a frequent occurrence, with a prevalence rate of almost 1% in the general population. However, the pathophysiology of the anomalous heart development is still unclear in most patients screened. A definitive genetic origin, be it single-point mutation or larger chromosomal disruptions, only explains about 35% of identified cases. The precisely choreographed embryology of the heart relies on timed activation of developmental molecular cascades, spatially and temporally regulated through epigenetic regulation: chromatin conformation, DNA priming through methylation patterns, and spatial accessibility to transcription factors. This multi-level regulatory network is eminently susceptible to outside disruption, resulting in faulty cardiac development. Simi-larly, the heart is unique in its dynamic development: growth is intrinsically related to mechanical stimulation, and disruption of the intrauterine environment will have a direct impact on fetal embry-ology. These two converging axes offer new areas of research to characterize the cardiac epigenetic regulation and identify points of fragility in order to counteract its teratogenic consequences.
Association of General Anesthesia and Neuraxial Anesthesia in Caesarean Section with Maternal Postpartum Depression: A Retrospective Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study; Although cesarean section (CS) has become a common method of child delivery in recent decades, the choice between general anesthesia (GA) and neuraxial anesthesia (NA) for CS must be carefully considered. Depending on the type of anesthesia used in CS, a major outcome observed is the occurrence of postpartum depression (PPD). This study investigated the association between PPD risk and the anesthesia method used in CS by using data from three linked nationwide databases in Taiwan, namely, the National Health Insurance Research Database, the National Birth Reporting Database, and the National Death Index Database. After propensity score matching by baseline depressive disorders, maternal demographics, status at delivery, infant’s health, maternal diseases during pregnancy, and age of partner, we included women who had natural births (n = 15,706), cesarean sections with GA (n = 15,706), and cesarean sections with NA (n = 15,706). A conditional logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of PPDs, including depression, sleep disorder, and medication with hypnotics or antidepressants, under anesthesia during CS. The prevalence rates of combined PPDs were 26.66%, 43.87%, and 36.30% in natural births, CS with GA, and CS with NA, respectively. In particular, the proportions of postpartum use of hypnotic drugs or antidepressants were 21.70%, 39.77%, and 31.84%, which were significantly different. The aORs (95% CIs) were 2.15 (2.05–2.25) for the included depressive disorders, 1.10 (1.00–1.21) for depression, 1.03 (0.96–1.11) for sleep disorder, and 2.38 (2.27–2.50) for medication with hypnotics or antidepressants in CS with GA compared with natural births. Women who underwent CS with GA had a significantly higher risk of depressive disorders and a higher need for antidepressants for sleep problems than those who underwent CS with NA. The risks of PPD were significantly associated with the anesthesia method, especially GA. Our results can assist physicians in carefully considering the appropriate anesthesia method for CS delivery, particularly with regard to postpartum drug abuse and drug safety.
A neonate with ornithine aminotransferase deficiency; insights on the hyperammonemia-associated biochemical phenotype of gyrate atrophy; Gyrate atrophy of the choroid and retina (GACR) secondary to deficiency of ornithine aminotransferase (OAT) is a rare autosomal recessive metabolic disorder usually diagnosed in childhood when patients develop myopia and a characteristic retinal degeneration accompanied by hyperornithinemia. Plasma ammonia is normal or sub-normal after the neonatal period. A few GACR patients present in early infancy with hyperammonemia, encephalopathy and a biochemical profile of low plasma ornithine, citrulline and arginine, with increased urinary excretion of homocitrulline and orotic acid, resembling a primary urea cycle disorder. In these patients, ornithine levels do not increase until late infancy or following arginine or citrulline supplementation. We describe a patient with OAT deficiency who presented in the first month of life with episodes of lethargy, vomiting, and hypothermia. He had two episodes of hyperammonemia associated with subnormal levels of plasma ornithine, citrulline and arginine as well as elevated urinary excretion of homocitrulline and orotic acid. Unlike previously reported cases, intermittent hyperornithinemia was observed prior to the first hyperammonemic episode and citrulline supplementation. The latter alleviated the symptoms, normalized ammonia level, and led to increased plasma ornithine concentration. Furthermore, despite a protein restricted diet and ammonia scavenger treatment, continued supplemental citrulline was necessary to prevent hyperammonemia. Molecular analysis confirmed OAT deficiency, differentiating it from proximal urea cycle disorders and deficiency of the mitochondrial ornithine transporter, ORC1, (Hyperammonemia-Hyperornithinemia-Homocitrullinuria syndrome). Synopsis: Hyperornithinemia alternating with hypoornithinemia and hyperammonemia in a neonatal-onset case of gyrate atrophy with ornithine aminotransferase deficiency.
Factors causing timely referral for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of congenital heart malformations: A cross-sectional study; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most frequently inherited illnesses associated with adverse outcomes. Objective: This study aimed to determine the referral cause for fetal echocardiography in the final diagnosis of major CHD. Materials and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, the data of 1772 pregnant women, referred to a diagnostic clinic during 2017-2020, were reviewed. Data were collected from participants on maternal age, gestational age, history of previous child’s heart disease, body mass, the order of birth of children (baby birth rank), type of woman’s disease, history of poor midwifery, and nuchal translucency (NT). Results: Of the 1772 pregnant women, only 33 women (1.8%) had a fetus with CHD major. Abnormality in ultrasound (57.6%), history of abortion (36.4%), increased NT and gestational diabetes (18.2%) and gestational diabetes (18.2%) were identified as the most common referral reasons for fetal echocardiography in these women. Other reasons included a previous child with Down syndrome (12.1%), a previous child with heart disease (12.1%), a history of stillbirth (12.1%), hypothyroidism (12.1%), taking medication during the pregnancy period (9.0%), no underlying disease (9.0%), multiple pregnancies (6.0%), diagnosis with high-risk fetal heart disease (3.0%), high-risk combined aneuploidy screening test in the first trimester (3.0%), in vitro fertilization pregnancy (3.0%), and having a child with an intellectual disability (3.0%). Conclusion: According to the results, it can be concluded that ultrasound abnormality, abortion, increased NT and gestational diabetes are the most important factors for referring pregnant women for fetal echocardiography.
In-Hospital Outcomes in Pregnancy After Heart Transplantation; Although the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplantation (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. The 2010 to 2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared with those of women without history of HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery. Of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations, 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Compared with women without a history of HF or HT, post-HT women had greater comorbidity burden, as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs 0.24, p <0.001), lower household incomes (p = 0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large hospitals (90% vs 58%, p = 0.02) and hospitals categorized as teaching institutions (100% vs 59%, p <0.001). After adjustment for clinical variables, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio 6.97, p = 0.001) primarily driven by increased rates of preeclampsia, and induction of labor (odds ratio 3.18, p = 0.01). There were no differences in gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth restriction, fetal malformations, or preterm delivery (all p >0.3). In conclusion, post-HT women have greater comorbidity burden and experience increased maternal risks compared with women without history of HT or systolic HF, including increased risk of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and need for induction. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population.
Deacetylation of Caveolin-1 by Sirt6 induces autophagy and retards high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis and atherosclerosis formation; Background: Atherosclerosis (AS) is the basis of diabetic macrovascular complications. The plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles transcytosis across endothelial cells (ECs) and deposition under the endothelium is the initiation step of AS. We previously reported that high glucose inhibits the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 and promote LDL transcytosis across ECs, which in turn accelerates atherosclerotic progression. Since Sirt6 is a chromatin-associated protein with deacetylation activity, whether it can regulate Caveolin-1 acetylation and regulating the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 remains elusive. Methods: Autophagy and histone acetylation were assessed in the umbilical cords of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) by immunohistochemistry. An in vitro model of LDL transcytosis was established, and the role of Sirt6 in LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells was clarified. The effect of Sirt6 on the autophagic degradation of Caveolin-1 under hyperglycemic conditions was explored in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetic AS model established using the ApoE−/− mice. Results: Caveolin-1 and acetylated histone H3 levels were significantly increased, while LC3B and Sirt6 were downregulated in the monolayer of the vascular wall from GDM and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients. Immunoprecipitation assays showed that Sirt6 interacts with Caveolin-1 and specifically mediated its acetylation levels. Immuno-electron microscopy (EM) further indicated that Sirt6 overexpression triggered the autophagic lysosomal degradation of Caveolin-1. ECs-specific overexpression of Sirt6 by adeno-associated viral vector serotype 9 (AAV9) induced autophagy, reduced Caveolin-1 expression, and ameliorated atherosclerotic plaque formation in STZ-induced diabetic ApoE−/− mice. Conclusion: Sirt6-mediated acetylation of Caveolin-1 activates its autophagic degradation and inhibits high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis. Thus, the Sirt6/Caveolin-1 autophagic pathway plays a crucial role in diabetic AS, and the overexpression or activation of Sirt6 is a novel therapeutic strategy.
Pregnancy and COVID-19, focus on vaccine and pharmacological treatment; The global pandemic of COVID-19 is currently ongoing. Clinical evidence shows that specific population groups such as the elderly, individuals with comorbidities, and pregnant women may be at increased risk for infection and serious complications. In particular, physiologic changes during pregnancy may be significant on the immune and respiratory systems and progression of COVID-19 disease. Pregnant women are routinely excluded from pre-registration clinical trials, this potentially limits their access to therapies through off-label or compassionate use. Vaccination remains an important pillar of the response to COVID-19, particularly as variants of the virus continue to spread across countries. Growing evidence indicates that COVID-19 mRNA vaccines do not cause pregnancy complications for expectant mothers and their infants. In this brief review, we explore current knowledge about COVID-19 in pregnancy by highlighting current recommendations for vaccination and drug treatments.
Modeling the Effects of Maternal Diabetes on the Developing Human Heart Using Pluripotent Stem Cell–Derived Heart Organoids; Congenital heart defects (CHD) constitute the most common type of birth defect in humans. Maternal diabetes during the first trimester of pregnancy (pregestational diabetes, or PGD) is one of the most prominent factors contributing to CHD, and is present in a significant population of female patients with diabetes in reproductive age. PGD is challenging to manage clinically due to the extreme sensitivity of the developing embryo to glucose oscillations, and constitutes a critical health problem for the mother and the fetus. The prevalence of PGD-induced CHD is increasing due to the ongoing diabetes epidemic. While studies using animal models and cells in culture have demonstrated that PGD alters critical cellular and developmental processes, the mechanisms remain obscure, and it is unclear to what extent these models recapitulate PGD-induced CHD in humans. Clinical practice precludes direct studies in developing human embryos, further highlighting the need for physiologically relevant models. To bypass many of these technical and ethical limitations, we describe here a human pluripotent stem cell (hPSC)–based method to generate developmentally relevant self-organizing human heart organoids. By using glucose and insulin to mimic the diabetic environment that the embryo faces in PGD, this system allows modeling critical features of PGD in a human system with relevant physiology, structure, and cell types. The protocol starts with the generation of hPSC-derived embryoid bodies in a 96-well plate, followed by a small molecule–based three-step Wnt activation/inhibition/activation strategy. Organoids are then differentiated under healthy (normal insulin and glucose) and diabetic conditions (high insulin and glucose) over time, allowing for the study of the effects of pregestational diabetes on the developing human heart. We also provide an immunofluorescence protocol for comparing, characterizing, and analyzing the differences between the healthy and diabetic organoids, and comment on additional steps for preparing the organoids for analysis by other techniques after differentiation. © 2022 The Authors. Current Protocols published by Wiley Periodicals LLC. Basic Protocol 1: Generation of hPSC-derived embryoid bodies. Basic Protocol 2: Differentiation of EBs into heart organoids under healthy and diabetes-like conditions. Basic Protocol 3: Immunofluorescence and organoid preparation for other assays.
Intrauterine exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and postnatal growth in extremely and very preterm infants; Objectives: There is growing evidence regarding the association between rapid growth during infancy and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases later in life. We aimed to evaluate postnatal growth trajectories in extremely and very preterm infants exposed to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) in utero. Study design: This multicenter retrospective study used a nationwide database of preterm infants weighing ≤1,500 g born between 22 and 31 weeks of gestation between 2003 and 2015. Main outcome measures: The Z-scores for height and weight were evaluated at three time points (at birth, corrected age of 1.5 years, and chronological age of 3 years) in 5,144 infants (HDP, n = 1,188; non-HDP, n = 3,956). Univariate and multivariate regression analyses were performed to investigate the associations between HDP exposure and accelerated postnatal growth. Results: Male and female infants in the HDP group showed increased mean Z-scores for height and weight, whereas those in the non-HDP group showed decreased mean Z-scores. Multivariate analyses showed that HDP were associated with accelerated postnatal growth (Δ Z-scores) in weight in both male and female infants (β coefficient [95% CI]; male 0.17 [0.05–0.30], female 0.27 [0.14–0.39]), but not in height (male 0.02 [−0.09 to 0.13], female 0.04 [−0.06 to 0.15]). An interaction analysis revealed no significant differences in the effects of HDP on postnatal growth between male and female infants. Conclusions: Intrauterine exposure to HDP contributes to accelerated postnatal weight growth in extremely and very preterm infants during early childhood. In addition, no sex differences were observed in postnatal growth.
Menopause: a cardiometabolic transition; Menopause is often a turning point for women's health worldwide. Increasing knowledge from experimental data and clinical studies indicates that cardiometabolic changes can manifest at the menopausal transition, superimposing the effect of ageing onto the risk of cardiovascular disease. The menopausal transition is associated with an increase in fat mass (predominantly in the truncal region), an increase in insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia, and endothelial dysfunction. Exposure to endogenous oestrogen during the reproductive years provides women with protection against cardiovascular disease, which is lost around 10 years after the onset of menopause. In particular, women with vasomotor symptoms during menopause seem to have an unfavourable cardiometabolic profile. Early management of the traditional risk factors of cardiovascular disease (ie, hypertension, obesity, diabetes, dyslipidaemia, and smoking) is essential; however, it is important to recognise in the reproductive history the female-specific conditions (ie, gestational hypertension or diabetes, premature ovarian insufficiency, some gynaecological diseases such as functional hypothalamic amenorrhoea, and probably others) that could enhance the risk of cardiovascular disease during and after the menopausal transition. In this Review, the first of a Series of two papers, we provide an overview of the literature for understanding cardiometabolic changes and the management of women at midlife (40–65 years) who are at higher risk, focusing on the identification of factors that can predict the occurrence of cardiovascular disease. We also summarise evidence about preventive non-hormonal strategies in the context of cardiometabolic health.
Racial Disparities in Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes by Maternal Nativity and Length of US Residence in an Urban Low-Income Population in the United States; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Racial/ethnic differences in GDM prevalence have been described, but disparities by nativity and duration of US residence are not well studied. Methods: We analyzed data from 6088 women (mean age: 27.5 years [standard deviation: 6.3 years]) from the Boston Birth Cohort who self-identified as non-Hispanic Black (NHB; n = 2697), Hispanic (n = 2395), or non-Hispanic White (NHW; n = 996). Using multivariable logistic regression, we examined the cross-sectional association of nativity and duration of US residence (< 10 vs ≥ 10 years) with GDM within each race/ethnicity group. Results: Foreign-born NHB, NHW, and Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had a lower prevalence of CVD risk factors than those with US residence of ≥ 10 years, respectively, as follows: smoking (NHB: 1.7% vs 3.1%; NHW: 5.7% vs 8.1%; Hispanic: 0.4% vs 2.6%); obesity (NHB: 17.1% vs 23.4%; NHW: 3.8% vs 15.6%; Hispanic: 10.9% vs 22.7%); and severe stress (NHB: 8.7% vs 11.9%; NHW: 5.7% vs 28.1%; Hispanic: 3.8% vs 7.3%). In analyses adjusting for sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors, foreign-born NHB women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had higher odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 1.60, 95% confidence interval: 0.99-2.60), compared with their US-born counterparts, whereas foreign-born Hispanic women with a duration of US residence of < 10 years had lower odds of having GDM (adjusted odds ratio: 0.54, 95% confidence interval: 0.32-0.91). The odds of having GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with a duration of US residence of ≥ 10 years were not significantly different from those of their US-born counterparts. Conclusions: The “healthy immigrant effect” and its waning with longer duration of US residence apply to the prevalence of GDM among Hispanic women but not NHB women. Further research on the intersectionality of race and nativity-based disparities is needed.
LEPTIN AND VASCULAR ENDOTHELIAL GROWTH FACTOR A: A CROSS-TALK IN OBESE WOMEN WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND WITH DIABETES IN PREGNANCY-A COHORT STUDY; Vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF A) synthesis is intensified by leptin in: hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha (HIF-1A) and nuclear factor kappa-light-chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NfkB)-dependent manners. The study aimed to investigate the association between leptin and VEGF A serum levels in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy. Sixty obese pregnant women with hyperglycaemia were divided into groups according to body mass index (BMI): group 1: BMI 30.0–34.9 kg/m2; group 2: BMI 35.0–39.9 kg/m2; group 3: BMI ³40 kg/m2. On the enrolment visit, waist circumference, body mass and height were measured. At visit 1 (V1; gestational week (GW) 28–32) and visit 2 (V2; GW 36–38), anthropometric, blood pressure and heart rate measurements, and blood sample collection were performed. Blood levels of leptin, VEGF A, VEGF receptor 2, HIF-1A, NfkB, interleukin 1 alpha, protein delta homolog 1, nitric oxide and glycated haemoglobin were determined. To analyse the predictors of the biochemical parametres involved in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk, multivariate logistic regression was implemented. Positive correlations between serum levels of leptin and VEGF A were found. Serum level of HIF-1A at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of the serum levels of VEGF A at V1 and V2. Leptin serum level at V1 was a predictor for the highest quartile of HIF-1A serum concentration at V2. In group 3 HIF-1A level was higher at V2 compared to V1. We conclude that in obese women with hyperglycaemia in the third trimester of pregnancy there is a significant positive influence of serum leptin on VEGF A synthesis and serum level and HIF-1A seems to play more important role in leptin and VEGF A cross-talk than NfkB.
Outcomes following prenatal diagnosis of isolated persistent left superior vena cava; Background: Prenatal diagnosis of persistent left superior vena cava is increasing, but little is known about outcomes of infants with prenatally diagnosed isolated persistent left superior vena cava. Objective: To assess the outcomes of infants with isolated persistent left superior vena cava diagnosed prenatally compared with infants with associated malformations. Methods: All cases of persistent left superior vena cava confirmed by specialized fetal echocardiography in pregnant women were included from a single-centre prospective registry. Unfavourable outcome was defined as termination of pregnancy, in utero death, postnatal death or severe genetic syndrome missed prenatally. Results: A total of 256 infants were included: 113 cases (44.1%) with isolated persistent left superior vena cava and 143 cases (55.9%) with associated malformations; respectively, 111 (98.2%) and 101 (70.6%) had a live birth. The median postnatal clinical follow-up was 3.6 years. Five-year postnatal survival with good outcome was estimated at: 100% (95% confidence interval 90.7% to 100%) in infants with isolated persistent left superior vena cava; 91.0% (74.0% to 98.1%) in infants with associated cardiac anomalies; 87.5% (51.8% to 97.3%) in infants with associated extracardiac anomalies; 81.0% (52.6 to 94.6%) in infants with both cardiac and extracardiac anomalies; and 78.9% (36.7% to 95.9%) in infants with non-structural anomalies. All genetic findings and syndromes were detected in fetuses or infants with non-isolated persistent left superior vena cava. Conclusion: Infants with isolated persistent left superior vena cava have good short-term outcomes postnatally, but persistent left superior vena cava is frequently associated with other malformations that have an effect on outcomes, which should be thoroughly searched for prenatally.
A rare case of a mother with gestational diabetes complicated with fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus post-delivery; Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus (FT1DM) is recognised as a novel subtype of type 1 diabetes mellitus characterised by the abrupt onset of insulin-deficient hyperglycaemia and ketoacidosis. Fulminant type 1 diabetes mellitus is known to be associated with pregnancy and had been associated with high fetal mortality. We report a case of a gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mother complicated with FT1DM immediately post-delivery. A 29-year-old Malay lady who was diagnosed with GDM at 19 weeks of pregnancy, underwent emergency lower segment caesarean section (EMLSCS) due to fetal distress at 36 weeks of gestation; 18 h post-EMLSCS, she developed abrupt onset Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (blood glucose 33.5 mmol/L, pH 6.99, bicarbonate 3.6 mmol/L, ketone 4.4 mmol/L and HbA1c 6.1%). She received standard DKA treatment and discharged well. Her plasma C-peptide level 3 weeks later showed that she has no insulin reserve (C-peptide <33 pmol/L, fasting blood glucose (FBS) 28 mmol/L). Her pancreatic autoantibodies were negative. This case highlights that FT1DM not only can occur in pregnancy with normal glucose tolerance but can also complicate mother with GDM.
Prophylaxis Post-Cesarean Hemorrhage Using Carbetocin versus Oxytocin in High-Risk Women: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial; Objective: To compare the effectiveness of carbetocin and oxytocin in the prevention of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) in terms of additional drug use after Cesarean sections in high-risk women. Materials and Methods: A double-blind randomized controlled trial (1:1 ratio) conducted between October 2018 and April 2019 at Rajavithi Hospital in 120 singleton pregnant women that undergone elective or emergency Cesarean sections after 34 weeks of gestation with viable fetuses and presenting at least one of the high-risk factors for PPH. The participants were randomized to receive either intravenous carbetocin 100 μg (60 cases) or oxytocin 20 IU in 1,000 mL of lactate ringer solution as infusion 120 mL/hour (60 cases) after birth of the baby or delivery of the placenta. Results: The mean maternal age, BMI, gestational age at delivery, and risk factors for PPH were not significantly different between the carbetocin and the oxytocin group. A previous Cesarean section was the most common risk factor in both groups. Most of the participants in both groups were multiparity. There was a significant difference between the carbetocin and oxytocin groups in terms of additional uterotonic drug usage at 20.0% versus 36.7% (p=0.04), while the type of uterotonic agents and time from post-delivery until the administration additional drugs were not different. The estimated blood loss, rate of PPH, operative time, or adverse drug effect were comparable between the two groups. Conclusion: The carbetocin group requires less additional uterotonic drugs than the oxytocin group with equal safety profiles. However, its effectiveness in the prevention of PPH is debatable since the incidence of PPH observed was not significantly different. Further studies including the efficacy of the drug in preventing PPH and cost-effectiveness analysis with a larger sample size should be performed.
Prevalence and risk factors for congenital heart defects among children in the Multi-Ethnic Yunnan Region of China; Background: To determine the congenital heart defect (CHD) prevalence and identify the associated risk factors in children within the multi-ethnic Yunnan Region of China. Methods: This is a prospective matched case-control screening study. Screening for CHD in children residing within 28 county districts of Yunnan Province during the period of January 2001 to December 2016 was conducted. A total of 2,421 and CHD cohort and 24,210 control cohort were derived from a total population of 400,855 children (under 18 years of age). Results: A total of 2,421 children were diagnosed with CHD, yielding a CHD prevalence of 6.04 cases per 1,000 children. The prevalence of CHD by sex was 6.54 per 1,000 females versus 5.59 per 1,000 males. The ethnic groups displaying the highest CHD prevalence were the Lisu (15.51 per 1,000), Achang (13.18 per 1,000), Jingpo (12.32 per 1,000), Naxi (9.68 per 1,000), and Tibetan (8.57 per 1,000), respectively. The most common CHD was atrial septal defect, amounting to 1.94 instances per 1,000 children. We identified a number of child-associated parameters that significantly correlated with greater CHD risk, such as lower mass at birth, shorter duration of gestation, and younger age at the time of screening. We also identified a number of maternal and familial risk factors. Conclusions: This ultrasonic color Doppler imaging study revealed a relatively commonplace prevalence of CHD. Moreover, the prevalence of CHD in Yunnan Region significantly varied with sex and ethnic status. Certain child-associated, maternal, and familial risk factors may contribute to CHD risk.
Study of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy and puerperium in obese women; Background: A recent increase in the prevalence of overweight and obese women of reproductive age in India has been noted. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre‐eclampsia, miscarriage, venous thromboembolism, infection, and hemorrhage in the mother. The present study was aimed to explore various maternal and fetal outcomes, influenced by maternal obesity. Material and Methods: Present study was hospital based, prospective, observational study conducted in pregnant women, gestational age more than 32 weeks, singleton pregnancy, with BMI more than 30, delivered at our institute, willing to participate in present study. Results: During study period 107 pregnant women were considered for present study. Majority of women were from 26-30 years age (40.19 %), were primigravida (44.86 %), delivered at 37-40 weeks of gestation (40.19 %), 85.05 % had BMI 30-34.9 kg/m2(moderately obese). In present study vaginal delivery was most common mode of delivery (52.34 %) followed by LSCS (40.19 %) & instrumental delivery (7.48%). Most common birth weight group was 2.5-3.99 kg (40.19 %), followed by 1.5-2.49 kg (34.58 %) group. Neonatal outcome noted was still birth (1.87 %), neonatal death (6.54 %) & rest of neonates were discharged with mother. 63.55 % babies required NICU admission. During postpartum period, complications such as wound infection (19.63 %), fever (14.02 %), wound dehiscence (6.54 %) & DVT (0.93 %) were noted. No maternal mortality was noted in present study. Conclusion: Maternal obesity is associated with development of gestational diabetes mellites, preeclampsia, need for labour induction, increased caesarean delivery as well as NICU admissions and increased incidence of postpartum infections.
THE STUDY OF ASSOCIATION BETWEEN ALBUMINURIA AND CORONARY ATHEROSCLEROSIS IN PATIENTS WITH DIABETES MELLITUS TYPE-II; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in the world. There are several risk factors for cardiovascular disease, such hypertension, dyslipidemia, obesity, diabetes mellitus and cigarette smoking. However, these classic risk factors do not entirely explain for future cardiovascular disease. As a result, many newer risk factors such as estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), microalbuminuria, C-reactive protein (CRP), homocysteine have been evaluated as potential predictive factors. Microalbuminuria is gaining recognition as simple marker of atherogenic risk. Positive albuminuria is considered not only marker of renal damage but also signify systemic vascular damage since. In this study we want to evaluate the association between albuminuria and coronary atherosclerosis using angiography in cases with type 2diabetes mellitus by estimating urinary albumin excretion. Materials and methods: It is a cross sectional, observational study of association between increased Albuminuria and Coronary Atherosclerosis in 100 patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus. We exclude the patients with Gestational diabetes mellitus,type 1 diabetes mellitus and urinary tract infection. Results: Prevalence rates for microalbuminuria in the present study were 31%. 41-50 years showed maximum of microalbuminurics followed by 51-60 years group had maximum of macroalbiminuria cases. Most of the patients were detected with microalbuminuria and in the first few years of the disease. Patients falling in the overweight category showed maximum number of micro and macroalbuminurics. Lipid Profile abnormalities showed negative correlation with microalbuminuria but positive with Serum Triglyceride levels. Due to CAD examination, Microalbuminuria cases were higher as 54.8% among those with DVD. Conclusion: Microalbuminuria in itself being a predictor of diabetic nephropathy however it shows negative association with diabetic neuropathy and diabetic retinopathy. Microalbuminuria showed positive association with CAD cases in the present study. Hypertension and dyslipidemia being a cardiovascular risk factor showed a significant association with microalbuminuria.
Metabolic Role of Leptin in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Adipose tissue acts as an endocrine gland, produce various adipokines which help in establishing communication between adipose tissue and other organs. Leptin is an important adipokine, mediating a wide range of functions like lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, insulin sensitivity, atherosclerosis, angiogenesis etc. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complication of pregnancy which is characterized by impaired carbohydrate tolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. It develops as a result of decreased insulin sensitivity and results in altered metabolic effects like increased postprandial FFAs, increased hepatic glucose production high blood glucose levels.Leptin levels are reported to be altered, may be increased or decreased in GDM . However, report available are conflicting and fact is yet to be established. Insulin resistance in GDM has been associated with elevated leptin levels. As leptin is closely associated with lipid metabolism, it may be attributed dyslipidemias in GDM. As leptin has a wide range of metabolic roles, it may have an impact on pregnancy outcomes, both maternal as well as fetal, it is an important topic to review.
Prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Associated Risk Factors among Antenatal Mother Attending at A Tertiary Care Hospital Bhubaneswar, Odisha; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common medical complication and metabolic disorder of pregnancy. The aim and objective of this study were to determine the prevalence of GDM and its relationship with various risk factors. Material & Method - Cross-sectional Descriptive study was conducted in a selected tertiary care Hospital, Bhubaneswar,Odisha, India. The tool used was a self-structured questionnaire. The study was done on 289 antenatal mothers of any gestation age, attending an antenatal outpatient department in a tertiary care hospital of KIMS, PBMH, Hospital Bhubaneswar. These antenatal mothers were given 75gm oral glucose irrespective of the last meal and their plasma glucose was estimated at 2 hours. Antenatal mothers with plasma glucose values ≥140 mg/dl were labeled as GDM. Antenatal mothers who were diabetic before pregnancy or who had chronic diseases like tuberculosis, malignancy, renal failure, cardiac disorder, and mothers with twin pregnancies were not included in the study. The sampling technique used was the consecutive sampling technique among all study samples it was assessed by using chi-square, P value statistical analysis, and analysis was done by the use of SPSS software version 20 and Microsoft Excel, 2007. Results: The study shows that the prevalence of GDM was 29.7% and the risk factors are 90.70% of antenatal mothers were taking 4-5 times meals per day during pregnancy,98. 84 % of mothers were under BMI 25 to 29.9, 52.33% of mothers were moderate workers, Diabetes Mellitus was present34.88% in family history, Amniotic fluid 1000-1500 ml was present in 56.98% of mothers,84.88% non-veg diet. Conclusion: In this study, the GDM prevalence rate was 29.7%. It is a medical associated disorder during pregnancy. GDM has detrimental effects on the mother as well as the fetus. Hence screening and early detection are highly recommended, and close monitoring of blood glucose levels has shown to significantly reduce fetomaternal morbidity and mortality rate.
Trial of Labor and Vaginal Birth after Three Previous Cesarean Sections: Report of Two Special Cases; Background Natural childbirth could represent a deeply rooted need for many women, even in exceptional situations such as after 3 previous caesarean sections. Case presentation The first patient, a 28-year-old 6 thgravida and 3 rdpara, first presented in the 40+3 week of pregnancy desiring a vaginal birth, after all the other hospitals in the area had refused her request. A detailed explanation of potential risks was given and, when 2 days later contractions started, she gave birth to a newborn of 4450 g spontaneously, without complications. A month later, a second woman, 42 years old, 5 thgravida, 3 rdpara, read about the above-mentioned case on social media and decided to attempt a natural delivery after 3 caesarean sections at our hospital as well. She presented herself for the first time in the 41+1 week of pregnancy in our delivery room with an onset of labor after rupture of the membranes and gave birth on the same day, spontaneously without complications, to a 4150 g heavy healthy newborn. Conclusions The wish to attempt a spontaneous birth after 3 previous caesarean sections can be deeply anchored and should be professionally approached by obstetricians, even if counseling and management can be challenging.
Influence of maternal obesity on human trophoblast differentiation: The role of mitochondrial status; Maternal obesity is associated with complications of pregnancy and increases the infant's risk of developing obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. The placenta has an important role in determining the pregnancy outcome, and the syncytiotrophoblast (ST) is the main component of the placenta that supports the relationship between the mother and fetus. The differentiation of the cytotrophoblast (CT) into the ST is accompanied by changes in mitochondrial functions and dynamics. The objective of the present study was to investigate the effects of maternal obesity (without gestational diabetes) on the in vitro differentiation capacities of human CT isolated from term placenta by focusing on mitochondrial status. We found that, during human CT differentiation process, maternal obesity is associated with (i) a lower progesterone secretion, (ii) a transient impairment in the ST's fusion potential (via syncytin-2 and its receptor), (iii) a lower mitochondrial content, and (iv) weaker mRNA expression of oestrogen-related receptor-gamma (a key mitobiogenesis gene). Moreover, maternal obesity altered the time course of ATP and reactive oxygen species production throughout CT differentiation. The mitochondrial dysfunctions observed in isolated human CTs of obese women might explain the observed decrease in progesterone production. Our results demonstrated that obesity in pregnancy is associated with a functional impairment of the ST which might alter the foetal-maternal dialogue.
The Intersection of Maternal Metabolic Syndrome, Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes, and Future Metabolic Health for the Mother and Offspring; The prevalence of obesity is ∼40% in the United States, and the prepregnancy prevalence of obesity in females is ∼30%. This has in part fueled an increase in metabolic syndrome (MetS) among females who are currently pregnant, have been pregnant, or are planning to become pregnant. Importantly, MetS in pregnancy is associated with increased pregnancy complications. Moreover, MetS in pregnancy may have long-lasting adverse cardiovascular and metabolic health implications for the mother and her offspring. To complicate matters, many adverse pregnancy outcomes seem to increase the risk of MetS in the mother after pregnancy. Herein, we describe the potential mechanisms behind the intersection of MetS, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and subsequent long-Term disease in the mother and offspring. Because MetS is a cluster of coexisting conditions, it is challenging to identify mediators that can serve as biomarkers for early diagnosis and targets for MetS prevention and therapy.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES, PREECLAMPSIA AND THE MATERNAL HEART; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (pE) are both associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity, including an increased risk of developing heart failure in later life. Both conditions are increasing in prevalence; GDM affects up to 12% and pE affects 3-5% of pregnancies worldwide. Compromised cardiac energy production is an important contributor to most forms of heart disease. The changes in myocardial energetics in GDM and pE have not been characterised previously. Purpose We sought to assess if women with GDM and women with pE in the third trimester of pregnancy exhibit adverse cardiac alterations in myocardial energetics, function or tissue characteristics.Methods- Thirty-eight healthy pregnant (HP) women, thirty women with GDM and fifteen women with pE were recruited, matched for age and ethnicity. Participants underwent phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy and cardiovascular magnetic resonance for assessment of myocardial energetics (phosphocreatine to ATP ratio (PCr/ATP)), tissue characteristics, biventricular volumes and ejection fractions, left ventricular (LV) mass, global longitudinal strain (GLS) and mitral in-flow E/A ratio. Results The biochemical characteristics and multiparametric MR results are given in Table-1. The women in the GDM and the pE groups had higher body-mass index. There was a stepwise increase in the systolic and diastolic BP from the HP to the GDM to the pE group. There was no difference in NTproBNP concentrations between the groups. The gestational weight gain was higher in women with GDM and pE compared to the HP group.The women in the GDM and the pE groups showed similar reductions in myocardial PCr/ATP ratios compared to HP group (Figure 1A), accompanied by lower LV end-diastolic volumes and higher LV mass (Figure 1B) and enhanced LV concentricity in both groups (Figure 1C). While LV ejection fractions were similar across the groups, the GLS was reduced in women with GDM and in women with pE (Figure 1D). Conclusions We show here for the first time that despite no prior diagnosis of diabetes or hypertension, women with GDM or pE manifest impaired myocardial contractility and higher LV mass, associated with reductions in myocardial energetics. These findings may aid our understanding of the longterm cardiovascular risks associated with these conditions.
Detraining of the heart: impact of exercise practice exclusively during gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac mitochondria; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic pregnancy disorder. GDM-mothers have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (CVD) after pregnancy. Mitochondrial dysfunction is implicated in CVD. Exercise is recommended as a non-pharmacological therapy to improve GDM-metabolic homeostasis. However, the implications of exercise practice exclusively during pregnancy on cardiac function were not yet disclosed. We identify here cardiac mitochondrial effects of exercise practice during GDM-pregnancy that remained for 8-weeks after cessation. Materials and Methods: Sprague-Dawley females were fed a control(C) or high-fat- high- sugar diet(HFHS) to induce GDM and subjected to sedentary behavior(S) or exercise(E). Exercise protocols ceased upon delivery and females euthanized at 25-weeks (8-weeks postpartum). Cardiac and plasma tissue were collected. Glucose tolerance was evaluated before and at mid-pregnancy. Gestational weight gain(GWG), litter size, cardiac mitochondrial oxygen consumption rates, and membrane potential were assessed. The levels of plasma protein expression and mRNA transcripts were evaluated. Data were analyzed using Mann-Whitney or t-student tests(n≥6) according to Gaussian data distribution, p≤0.05 considered statistically significant. Results: At mid-pregnancy, HFHS-groups showed impaired glucose metabolization (HFHS-S, p = 0.01, HFHS-E, p = 0.02). Exercise prevented GDM-induced excessive GWG(p = 0.004), but not the increase in litter size(vs.C-S, p = 0.03). Increased GDM-S plasma glucose and triglycerides(p = 0.005, p = 0.002), were prevented by exercise, contributing to decreased levels of inflammatory markers (vs.GDM-S, IL-6: p = 0.032, TNF-α: p = 0.015). Hearts from the GDM groups showed increased phosphorylated/ total-Akt( Ser473) ratio (GDM-S, p = 0.027, GDM-E, p = 0.03). PGC-1α transcripts were increased in GDM-E( p = 0.006). Cardiac mitochondria from GDM-mothers phosphorylated ADP slower (vs.C-S, p = 0.01), aggravated by exercise (vs.C-S, p = 0.003), and accompanied by decreased RCR (vs.C-S, p = 0.03) when using complex-I substrates. Conclusions: Cardiac mitochondria from GDM-mothers remained affected by exercise practice during pregnancy 8-weeks postpartum. Despite improvements in physiologic and plasma parameters, cardiac mitochondria revealed decreased efficiency. This could derive from exercise-induced cardiac remodeling regression due to exercise abstinence, or a limited ability of GDM-exercised hearts to cope with simultaneous challenges, i.e. pregnancy. Recommendations of exercise practice in GDM management should be carefully evaluated.
A review on recent advances in the management of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy; Objective: Though uncommon, peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is associated with severe maternal morbidity and mortality. Despite several pieces of research in this field, its etiopathogenesis and presentation are uncertain. Its diagnosis is often delayed as symptoms and signs mimic cardiovascular changes in pregnancy. Due to unclear pathophysiology and variable presentation of PPCM, its management remains challenging for physicians. So, a narrative review was conducted to assess the recent advances in the management of PCCM. Design: Narrative review. Methods: This review was conducted to analyze the recent discoveries and advances in the etiopathogenesis, diagnosis and management of PPCM. Online search from January 2000, to December 2021 was performed using Medline data search. All article types were included in the search. 237 relevant publications were retrieved. Out of these 67 studies were included in the review. Results: Damage to the cardiac myocytes and endothelium by oxidative fragmentation of prolactin and heat shock proteins are suggested as the etiopathogenesis of PCCM. Genetic predisposition for PCCM with a pathogenic mutation with TTN truncations, myosin-binding protein C, lamin A/C, beta-myosin, or sodium voltage-gated channel alpha subunit 5 (SCN5A) was noted by many authors. PPCM was frequently noted in elderly nullipara women but multiparous women were also identified as at risk by some authors. Preeclampsia, multiple gestation, iron deficiency anemia, gestational diabetes mellitus and obesity were addressed as risk factors for PCCM. Echocardiography remains the imaging modality of choice in these cases. The use of Ambulatory echocardiography devices was found beneficial in diagnosis of arrhythmias. Treatment and outcomes were essentially case-specific. A multidisciplinary approach is advisable in all these cases. The role of heart failure therapies, anticoagulants, vasodilator agents, and diuretics was found to be beneficial in most of these patients. In resistant cases, Bromocriptine, inotropic therapy, an intra-aortic balloon pump and left ventricular assist device use has been tried with success. Cardiac transplantation remains the last modality of treatment with variable results. Early diagnosis and prompt management remain the mainstay in the treatment of PCCM. Women with irreversible ventricular dysfunction had the worst outcomes and should be advised against future pregnancy. Conclusions: Despite several studies to date, the prevalence and outcome of PCCM are unpredictable. Usually, women with early reversal of ventricular function have a better prognosis. Identifying women for high risks for PCCM and multidisciplinary approach may aid in early diagnosis and management of these cases and hence outcomes can be ameliorated.
BRIDGING THE GAP: A PILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE POSTPARTUM CARE FOR BIRTHING INDIVIDUALS WITH CARDIOMETABOLIC COMPLICATIONS OF PREGNANCY; STATEMENT OF PROBLEM/QUESTION: Although gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are established risk factors for later development of cardiovascular disease, less than half of individuals with these complications of pregnancy receive care with a primary care physician (PCP) within the first year of delivery. DESCRIPTION OF PROGRAM/INTERVENTION: The Bridging the Gap program developed a referral pathway to a primary care clinic at an academic medical center for patients with GDM or a HDP. It employed a system of warm handoffs to aid the transition between obstetricians and PCPs. Individuals eligible for referral included those who did not identify a PCP at the time of delivery, received antenatal and delivery related care at the medical center, and had a pregnancy complicated by GDM or a HDP (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, preeclampsia superimposed on chronic hypertension). PCPs receiving referrals included attending and resident internal medicine physicians at the medical center's general medicine practice where care is provided to those18 years or older. Screening and preventive care services provided were based on best practices and not dictated by the program. MEASURES OF SUCCESS: Primary outcomes are 1) scheduling and attending a new primary care visit, and 2) collecting a lipid panel and HbA1c or fasting glucose within 13 months of delivery. We also assessed the social determinants (race, ethnicity, insurance status) associated with receiving postpartum primary care. Data were obtained from medical record review. FINDINGS TO DATE: Of the 153 individuals referred for Bridging the Gap between February 1, 2018 and June 27, 2021, average age at delivery was 33.8 years (SD 5.8 years), 36.0% had Medicaid funding for pregnancy, and a majority identified as minoritized racial or ethnic groups (19.6% Hispanic, 9.2% Asian/Pacific Islander 37.9% non-Hispanic Black, and 24.2% nonHispanic White). In this population, 27.4% had GDM, 63.4% had HDP, and 9.2% had both complications. Within the first 13 months of delivery, 75.8% of individuals scheduled an appointment with a PCP, of which 75.0% were attended. Of those who attended an appointment, 41.1% had a lipid panel and 55.6% had an A1c or fasting glucose collected. Attendance at a postpartum PCP visit ranged from 50.0% among individuals who identified as nonHispanic Black or Hispanic to 75.7% among non-Hispanic White individuals, and from 44.4% among those with Medicaid to 68.1% among those with commercial insurance. KEY LESSONS FOR DISSEMINATION: Establishing a referral pathway and specialized primary care practice for patients with GDM or HDPs was well received by patients, but insufficient to close equity gaps in postpartum primary care. Strategies that identify and overcome social determinants of receiving primary care after a cardiometabolic complication of pregnancy, such as patient navigation or other types of care coordination, are needed to reduce disparities in postpartum care.
BLINDNESS AFTER GIVING BIRTH - A SURPRISING DIAGNOSIS OF PRES; CASE: A 21-year-old woman, 37 weeks pregnant, G1P0, pregnancy complicated by diet controlled gestational diabetes, presented to the hospital with regular contractions and was admitted for delivery. She had no other significant past medical history. Her antenatal blood pressure recordings were within normal limits. On presentation, BP was 131/81, with otherwise unremarkable vital signs and intake physical exam. She was briefly hypertensive up to 162/96 during labor and was normotensive post-partum. 40 minutes after delivery she developed sudden onset bilateral blindness, describing dark and blurry vision. Code Stroke was called and she was evaluated by the overnight on-call hospitalist. The patient was able to identify movement but was not able to read or count fingers. She had an otherwise normal neurologic exam. Lab testing was significant for new elevation in WBC count, AST, ALT, and new proteinuria. CT head without contrast and CTA head and neck were unremarkable. MRI brain showed areas of increased FLAIR signal involving subcortical white matter suggestive of posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome (PRES). MRA showed a mild narrowing of the distal cavernous carotids bilaterally and MRV was unremarkable. The patient's vision issues resolved spontaneously in 3 hours. Her lab findings suggested a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: Physicians who respond to in-hospital emergencies need to know what neurologic syndromes are associated with pregnancy. Specific conditions that should be considered in addition to eclamptic seizures and more common stroke syndromes are reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome, cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, arterial dissection, and PRES. PRES is characterized by white matter vasogenic edema, predominantly affecting the posterior occipital and parietal lobes, with symptoms including headache, altered mental status, visual changes, and seizures. The mechanism of this condition is still controversial but thought to be caused by hypertensive encephalopathy. As a sudden increase in blood pressure exceeds the autoregulation capacity of the cerebral vasculature, it causes hyperprefusion, vessel damage and breakdown of the blood brain barrier. This leads to interstitial extravasation of fluid which results in cortical and subcortical edema. Although often related to severe hypertension, PRES is associated with a variety of other conditions including chemotherapy and immunosuppressive medications, renal insufficiency, hypercalcemia, and preeclampsia. MRI is considered the gold standard for the diagnosis of PRES. Treatment is blood pressure control and addressing the underlying cause. CONCLUSION: - PRES can occur in pregnant and peri-partum patients even in the absence of severe prolonged hypertension. - Any physician responsible for responding to inpatient emergencies should be familiar with the specific neurological syndromes that are more likely in the setting of pregnancy.
Management of a Pregnant Patient with ARDS Due to COVID-19: A Case Report; Introduction: In the obstetric population, ARDS due to COVID- 19 has been found to have worse outcome. Treatment of severe COVID-19 has been a real challenge world over. This case report is aimed at giving an insight to the management of COVID-19 in a pregnant patient. Case report: A 36-year-old primi with 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation was admitted with fever, cough, and shortness of breath for 4 days. The patient was found to be positive for COVID. The patient was initially admitted in the wards. In view of worsening oxygenation patient was shifted to the ICU. The patient was initiated on high flow nasal cannula with FiO2 100%, but maintained saturation of 82-84% with that. Hence, patient was intubated and initiated on mechanical ventilation. Post intubation patient maintained a saturation of 86-88% with 100% FiO2. Within half an hour of intubation, fetal bradycardia was noted. The patient was taken up for an emergency Caesarian section. At birth, the child did not cry and received two cycles of CPR and positive pressure ventilation and was shifted to the NICU. The baby was extubated after days. Postpartum the mother required 70% FiO2 to maintain 90% saturation which further improved upon proning. The Pplat and inturn the driving pressure improved upon Cesarian section. Patient required one more round of proning on D5 of ICU stay. During the course of hospitalization, the patient had one episode of septic shock and 2 episodes of urosepsis. This was treated appropriately with antibiotics. Bedside sonography revealed right-sided Hydro Uretero Nephrosis which was tackled with DJ stenting. On day 11 of ICU stay, patient was tracheostomised. By the end of 1 month, the mother was decannulated and discharged. Discussion: Pregnancy especially in the final trimester causes changes like reduced functional residual capacity and compliance. Airway edema in pregnancy complicates intubation making it difficult. Proning though not contraindicated may be difficult to achieve in pregnant patients. In our patient, we could prone the patient postpartum with ease. Though Caesarian section was done in view of fetal distress. But postpartum it was easier to ventilate the patient and oxygenation showed steady improvement. AJOG also suggests that a Caesarian section may be considered after 34 weeks in a critically ill COVID-19 patient. We also had the luxury of a neonatal ICU and the neonate could be saved though the mother's well-being was our priority. Pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus and receiving steroids made the patient susceptible to multiple infections which we handled by source control and antibiotics. Conclusion: Though the pandemic is on the decline this case report is an attempt to throw light on the management of the critically ill pregnant patient with ARDS. Cesarean section may aid in the management of the pregnant patient with severe ARDS.
In Vitro Fertilization Use Among Female Kidney Transplant Recipients; Purpose: Infertility is common among female kidney transplant recipients (KTRs). In vitro fertilization (IVF) is a potential option. The purpose of this study was to survey the safety and success rate of pregnancy via IVF among female KTRs. Methods: Data were collected by the Transplant Pregnancy Registry International through questionnaires, telephone interviews, transplant staff, and hospital records. Results: Of 1,218 female KTRs reporting to the TPRI, 33 recipients reported using IVF for conception: 42 pregnancies with 46 outcomes, includes 4 sets of twins. (Table 1) Issues reported during pregnancy included: chronic hypertension 45%, preeclampsia 29%, gestational diabetes 14%, and placental anomalies 17%. Only 1 recipient experienced rejection during pregnancy. Pregnancy outcomes were: 36 live births (86%), 4 spontaneous abortions, 1 ectopic, and 1 stillbirth. Data as median (IQR): maternal age at conception 36 years (33-39), gestational age 36.0 weeks (32-38), and birth weight 2579 g (1576-3005). Delivery by Cesarean section 57%. At last follow-up at an average age of 7.6 years, 39 children were reported healthy and developing well. Congenital defects were seen in 4 newborns: 1 cleft lip and palate, 1 duodenal atresia, and 2 were lip and tongue tied. Maternal follow-up was a median of 5 years with 81% reporting adequate graft function. Three recipients died from 11 months to 22 years postpartum, Causes of death: 2 myocardial infarction and 1 cancer. Six recipients (14%) experienced graft loss within 2 years of their last pregnancy. There was no difference in long term graft survival between KTRs who conceived with vs without IVF. (Figure 1). Conclusions: Successful pregnancies via IVF were reported in female KTRs with livebirths in 86% of pregnancies. Long-term graft survival was not affected in female KTRs conceiving via IVF. Kidney transplant recipients who require fertility assistance should not be discouraged from utilizing IVF. (Figure Presented).
Real-World Demographics and Clinical Characteristics of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Patients in Ontario, Canada; Population-based studies of diabetes may be limited by sampling and capture. Our study utilizes the Ontario Diabetes Database, which captures all persons in Ontario, Canada with non-gestational diabetes. Based on sensitive and specific cohort definitions adults with T2DM were identified. Study objectives are to investigate: the demographic and the clinical characteristics of type 2 diabetes patients in Ontario, Canada over a time frame from Apr 1, 2002 to Sept 31, 2017. We also compare the demographics and clinical characteristics of T2DM patient populations from the cohorts to understand the impact T2DM definitions have on characterizing the disease. We identify 1,093,812 and 783,228 in the cohorts (Table 1). In the sensitive and specific cohorts, the mean age of a patient with T2D is 64 to 65 years old and 52 to 54% are male, respectively. Roughly 56 to 64% of patients have a 1-year mean HbA1c of <7%, with ∼ 25 to 32% at 7.0%-8.5%, respectively. Overall, covariates of interest in our demographics and clinical characteristics analysis are similar for both cohorts. Our results show multiple comorbidities in this population; hypertension (∼ 77-79%), dyslipidemia (-55%), chronic ischemic heart disease (-28%) and angina (-21%). The comorbidities further illustrate a substantial proportion of T2DM patients suffer comorbid heart diseases.
The Association between Maternal Gestational Weight Gain and Autonomic Nervous System Is Disturbed in GDM: Results from Two-Year-Old Children; Objective: The intrauterine environment is known to affect the offspring's long-term risk for obesity and diabetes. Previous data show that maternal metabolism and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in fetuses in utero, which can be assessed with heart rate variability (HRV). We have now examined whether this association is also present in 2-year-old children and addressed the impact of gestational diabetes (GDM). Research Design and Methods: We examined children of participants of the ongoing PREG study (NCT04270578) who had a 5-point 75g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10-minute ECG was recorded in the offspring. We analyzed time domain (beats per minute (BPM), Root Mean Square of successive differences (RMSSD)), Standard Deviation of RR-Intervals (SDNN) and frequency domain parameters (low frequency (LF), high frequency (HF) and LF/HF) of HRV. Results: We examined 67 children (33 girls, 34 boys, age 25.3±1.6 months). During pregnancy, 30 of their mothers had GDM, which was treated according to national guidelines. There were no differences between groups in birth weight, weight at age 2, and body fat. We observed statistically significant associations of GWG with heart rate, RMSSD, SDNN, HF power, and HF/LF, indicating a lower parasympathetic tone in children of mothers with low GWG. This association was attenuated in GDM-exposed children. ANS function correlated with body weight and body fat only in children from normoglycemic pregnancies (NGT). Conclusion: We found an impact of maternal GWG on offspring ANS function, which was missing in the presence of treated GDM. The balance of the ANS was related to offspring body composition only in children from NGT pregnancies. Our results point towards a critical impact of maternal weight gain during pregnancy on the developing ANS with longstanding consequences for body composition.
Systolic Blood Pressure (BP) Is Associated with Carotid Intima-Media Thickness (CIMT) Independently of Type 2 Diabetes Predisposition in Minority Children; Background: Blood pressure and cholesterol levels have been associated with risk for atherosclerosis in youth. Family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (DMFam Hx), and/or exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have also been linked to higher cardiovascular disease (CVD) susceptibility. We investigated whether CVD predictors including systolic and diastolic BP, HDL-cholesterol (HDL-c), LDL-cholesterol (LDL-c), and triglycerides (Tg) were associated with CIMT and whether these relationships were influenced by DMFam Hx or exposure to in-utero GDM among children and adolescents with overweight and obesity. Methods: Participant data (N=209; age range 8-17; 38% African American and 62% Latino; BMI percentile ≥85th) were used for cross-sectional analysis. Status of DMFam Hx and GDM and were self-reported during an interview with a clinician. Systolic and diastolic BP were taken in a seated position in triplicate readings. Total cholesterol, HDL-c and Tg levels were determined via assays on fasting blood samples, while LDL-c was calculated using the Friedewald equation. CIMT was measured in millimeters with high-resolution B-mode ultrasound. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess if the each of the CVD predictors was associated with CIMT while accounting for GDM and DMFam Hx, and adjusting for a priori covariates of age, sex, ethnicity, and height. Results: Higher systolic BP was associated with higher CIMT when adjusted for a priori covariates (β= 0.00092; 95% CI: 0.00004, 0.00181; p=0.04). In further adjusted models, GDM and DM FH did not contribute to, nor did it moderate this relationship (p>0.05). Diastolic BP, HDL-c, LDL-c, Tg, were not associated to CIMT in adjusted models (p>0.05). Conclusion: Independent of genetic predisposition, systolic BP may be a salient contributor of atherosclerosis risk in minority youth with overweight and obesity living in urban environments.
PSEUDOXANTHOMA ELASTICUM AND LABOUR ANALGESIA: AN ANAESTHETIC CHALLENGE; Background and Aims Pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE) is a rare heritable disorder of connective tissue calcification that mainly affects skin, eyes and cardiovascular system. There are several disease features that may influence the anaesthetic management such as the development of arrhythmias, premature ischaemic heart disease, difficult airway management, haemorrhagic complications including the theoretical risk of epidural hematoma. Since there's only a few cases described in the literature, we aim to report a case of neuro-axial labour analgesia in a parturient with PXE. Methods This case reports a 39-year-old nulliparous woman with PXE diagnosed at the age of 29 with the typical skin and ophthalmological features. Cardiac evaluation ruled out any abnormalities. She had no previous history of anaesthetic procedures and she was diagnosed with gestational diabetes controlled with diet. At 38-week gestation the labour was induced due to premature rupture of membranes and an epidural catheter was inserted at L3-L4 for labour analgesia under ASA standard monitoring. After an initial bolus of 0.2% ropivacaine together with sufentanil the analgesia was maintained with 0.2% ropivacaine boluses hourly. Results During labour she remained hemodynamically stable with a good analgesic control. Four hours later a female newborn was born via eutocic uneventful delivery. Neurologic evaluation was performed in the postpartum period excluding any complications from epidural catheter placement. Conclusions A good analgesic control is essential for preventing hemodynamic changes that might be harmful for these patients overcoming the risk of epidural hematoma. The rare cases of this disease make it essential to report the anaesthetic management especially during pregnancy.
Maternal Diabetes and Postnatal High-Fat Diet on Pregnant Offspring; Maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming predisposes offspring to type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and obesity in adulthood. However, lifelong health and disease trajectories depend on several factors and nutrition is one of the main ones. We intend to understand the role of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming and its association with a high-fat diet during lifelong in the female F1 generation focusing on reproductive outcomes and the possible changes in physiological systems during pregnancy as well as the repercussions on the F2 generation at birth. For this, we composed four groups: F1 female pups from control (OC) or from diabetic dams (OD) and fed with standard (SD) or high-fat diet from weaning to full-term pregnancy. During pregnancy, glucose intolerance and insulin sensitivity were evaluated. In a full-term pregnancy, the maternal blood and liver were collected to evaluate redox status markers. The maternal blood, placental tissue, and fetal blood (pool) were collected to evaluate adiponectin and leptin levels. Maternal reproductive parameters were evaluated as well. Maternal diabetes and high-fat diet consumption, in isolation, were both responsible for increased infertility rates and fasting glucose levels in the F1 generation and fetal growth restriction in the F2 generation. The association of both conditions showed, in addition to those, increased lipoperoxidation in maternal erythrocytes, regardless of the increased endogenous antioxidant enzyme activities, glucose intolerance, decreased number of implantation sites and live fetuses, decreased litter, fetal and placental weight, increased preimplantation losses, and increased fetal leptin serum levels. Thus, our findings show that fetal programming caused by maternal diabetes or lifelong high-fat diet consumption leads to similar repercussions in pregnant rats. In addition, the association of both conditions was responsible for glucose intolerance and oxidative stress in the first generation and increased fetal leptin levels in the second generation. Thus, our findings show both the F1 and F2 generations harmed health after maternal hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and exposure to a high-fat diet from weaning until the end of pregnancy.
Case Report: Bronchogenic Cyst in the Right Atrium of a Young Woman; A 31-year-old woman was referred to our hospital for evaluation of a cardiac mass in the right atrium. Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging indicated a cystic mass filled with fluid accumulation in the right atrium. The mass was identified as a cardiac cyst and was surgically removed. Pathological examination revealed an extremely rare bronchogenic cyst. Bronchogenic cysts are benign congenital abnormalities of primitive foregut origins that form in the mediastinum during embryonic development. There is unusual clinical dilemmas surrounding the treatment plan for cardiac surgery or biopsy of cardiac masses, especially in patients with rare cardiac cysts. The anatomical location of the cyst can be related to various clinical symptoms and complications. In cases of indeterminate cardiac cysts, direct cyst removal without prior biopsy is of utmost importance.
Association of Late Preterm Birth and Size for Gestational Age with Cardiometabolic Risk in Childhood; Importance: The long-term cardiometabolic consequences of late preterm birth (34-36 weeks' gestation) are not well understood. Objective: To assess whether late preterm birth and size for gestational age are associated with cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in childhood. Design, Setting, and Participants: This retrospective cohort study included 1742 children born in Ontario, Canada, between April 1, 2006, and September 30, 2014, and followed up until September 30, 2019. Data from children enrolled in The Applied Research Group for Kids (TARGet Kids!) primary care practice-based research network were linked to administrative health care data at ICES (formerly known as the Institute for Clinical Evaluative Sciences). Participants were excluded if they had conditions affecting growth (eg, failure to thrive or cystic fibrosis), any acute or chronic conditions (other than asthma and high-functioning autism), severe developmental delay, or families who were unable to communicate in English. Exposures: Late preterm birth, gestational age as a continuous measure, and size for gestational age. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was composite CMR score (overall age- and sex-standardized z score of CMR components, including waist circumference, log triglyceride level, glucose level, systolic blood pressure, and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol level). Secondary outcomes were the individual CMR components. Multivariable linear regression analysis was used to separately evaluate the associations of late preterm birth, continuous gestational age, and size for gestational age with CMR at ages 3 to 12 years. Results: Among 2440 eligible children, 1742 (mean [SD] age, 5.6 [2.2] years; 951 boys [54.6%]) were included in the final cohort. Overall, 87 children (5.0%) were born moderately preterm (<34 weeks' gestation), 145 (8.3%) were born late preterm (34-36 weeks' gestation), 455 (26.1%) were born early term (37-38 weeks' gestation), and 1055 (60.6%) were born full term (≥39 weeks' gestation). Compared with children born full term, those born moderately preterm (adjusted β = 0.50; 95% CI, 0.24-0.75) and late preterm (adjusted β = 0.27; 95% CI, 0.06-0.47) had higher CMR scores. Each additional gestational week was associated with a 0.06 U (adjusted β; 95% CI, -0.08 to -0.03 U) decrease in CMR. Conclusions and Relevance: In this study, children born late preterm and moderately preterm had higher CMR. These results suggest that screening and early-life interventions for these children may prevent cardiometabolic outcomes..
The Impact of Maternal Obesity on Offspring Cardiovascular Health: A Systematic Literature Review; Objective: Obesity and cardiovascular disease are major global public health problems. Maternal obesity has been linked to multiple adverse health consequences for both mother and baby. Obesity during pregnancy may adversely alter the intrauterine environment, which has been hypothesised to predispose the offspring to poorer cardiovascular health throughout life. In this paper, we systematically review current literature examining the links between maternal obesity and offspring cardiovascular health. Methods: This study is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42021278567) and was conducted in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines. A comprehensive systematic literature search was conducted, including two electronic databases (Ovid Medline, Embase), cross-referencing, author searching, and grey literature searches. We selected studies exploring the relationship between maternal obesity and offspring cardiovascular health, using pre-defined eligibility criteria. Studies were critically appraised using the ROBINS-I tool. Results: From 1,214 results, 27 articles met the eligibility criteria. Multiple cardiovascular outcomes were considered, including congenital heart disease, cardiometabolic parameters, and cardiovascular diseases in neonates, children, and adults. In these studies, maternal obesity was consistently associated with congenital heart disease, several adverse cardiometabolic parameters throughout life including higher body mass index and insulin levels, and greater risk of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Hypothesized underlying mechanisms are complex and multifactorial comprising genetic, environmental, and socioeconomic components, which can be difficult to quantify. Heterogeneity in study designs, highly selected study samples, and high risk of bias in some studies limit conclusions regarding causality. Conclusions: We identified consistent evidence of links between maternal obesity and poorer offspring cardiovascular health throughout the lifecourse, extending from the neonatal period into adulthood. Although underlying mechanisms are unclear, our findings support consideration of targeted maternal obesity prevention for promotion of offspring cardiovascular health. This all-encompassing systematic review provides critical appraisal of the latest evidence, defines gaps and biases of existing literature, and may inform potential new public health strategies for cardiovascular disease prevention. Systematic Review Registration: [https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero], identifier PROSPERO (CRD42021278567).
Prevalence of Congenital Heart Disease in Chinese Children With Different Birth Weights and Its Relationship to the Neonatal Birth Weight; Objective: This study aimed to examine the prevalence and the related risk factors of congenital heart disease (CHD) in children with different birth weights in China and the relationship between the subtypes of CHD and birth weight (BW). Methods: This study conducted a cross-sectional survey on the data collected in the children’s congenital heart disease database (CHDD) established in China. This database contained data from one Grade A, Level III Children’s Public Hospital in Zhengzhou, Henan. The study included all the children and their parents in the database from 2014 to 2020 as the study subjects, and the missing data were processed by means of imputation. Diagnoses of CHD were coded using the International Classification of Diseases version 10 (ICD-10), and subtypes were classified by the codes Q20 to Q26. We reported the prevalence of CHD based on birth weight and gestational age and analyzed the related risk factors for children with CHD in different birth weight groups and factors for children of the same birth weight groups between the CHD groups and the non-CHD groups. The generalized linear model was used to assess the association between the subtypes of CHD and BW by establishing three adjusting models, and the data were stratified for further analysis by urban-rural and infant gender. Results: A total of 42,814 children were identified as having CHD among 5,071,799 live children; the overall prevalence of CHD was 8.44 per 1,000 live births during 2014–2020; and the three subtypes with the highest prevalence of CHD were atrial septal defect (ASD) (2.75‰), ventricular septal defect (VSD) (2.57‰), and patent foramen ovale (PFO) (1.12‰). The prevalence of CHD was 18.87‰ in the group with BW <1,500 g, 12.84‰ in the group with BW 1,500–2,500 g, 8.24‰ in the group with BW 2,500–4,000 g, and 4.80‰ in the group with BW ≥4,000 g. The prevalence of CHD was 16.62‰ in the small for gestational age (SGA) group, 6.99‰ in the appropriate for gestational age (AGA) group, and 6.40‰ in the larger for gestational age (LGA) group. Parental factors such as drinking, smoking, viral infections, peri-pregnancy exposure to radioactive substances, low family monthly expenditure, and low Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min were related to the increased risk of CHD in the offspring. Parental supplementation of folic acid and exercise during the peri-pregnancy period could reduce the risk of CHD in the offspring. The results of Model 3 adjusting for confounding variables showed that infants with ASD had a birth weight 461 g lower (95% CI: −1,085, –128), infants with VSD had a birth weight 426 g lower (95% CI: –932, –120), infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) had a birth weight 532 g lower (95% CI: –987, –168), and without classification, infants with CHD had a birth weight 973 g lower (95% CI: –1,502, –204). Conclusion: In very low birth weight (VLBW) and low birth weight (LBW) infants, CHDs are more prevalent than in the general live-born population. Moreover, some peri-pregnancy factors of parents are closely related to the occurrence of CHD in offspring; different types of heart defects can lead to LBW. Therefore, if the fetus is found to have a heart defect during the prenatal examination, the mother should pay more attention to maintaining weight and ensuring that the fetus is within the normal weight range, thereby increasing the postpartum survival rate, reducing complications, and promoting children’s health.
Management of type 2 diabetes in young adults aged 18–30 years: ADS/ADEA/APEG consensus statement; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes in young adults (nominally, 18–30 years of age) is a more aggressive condition than that seen in older age, with a greater risk of major morbidity and early mortality. This first Australian consensus statement on the management of type 2 diabetes in young adults considers areas where existing type 2 diabetes guidance, directed mainly towards older adults, may not be appropriate or relevant for the young adult population. Where applicable, recommendations are harmonised with current national guidance for type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents (aged < 18 years). The full statement is available at https://www.diabetessociety.com.au, https://www.adea.com.au and https://www.apeg.org.au. Main recommendations: Advice is provided on important aspects of care including screening, diabetes type, psychological care, lifestyle, glycaemic targets, pharmacological agents, cardiovascular disease risk management, comorbidity assessment, contraception and pregnancy planning, and patient-centred education. Special considerations for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians are highlighted separately. Changes in management as a result of this statement: Management recommendations for young adults, which differ from those for adults, include: ▪screening for diabetes in young adults with overweight or obesity and additional risk factors, including in utero exposure to type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus; ▪more stringent glucose targets (glycated haemoglobin ≤ 6.5% [≤ 48 mmol/mol]); ▪in the context of obesity or higher cardio-renal risk, glucagon-like peptide 1 receptor agonists and sodium–glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitors are preferred second line agents; ▪β-cell decline is more rapid, so frequent review, early treatment intensification and avoidance of therapeutic inertia are indicated; ▪a blood pressure target of < 130/80 mmHg, as the adult target of ≤ 140/90 mmHg is too high; ▪absolute cardiovascular disease risk calculators are not likely to be accurate in this age group; early statin use should therefore be considered; and ▪a multidisciplinary model of care including an endocrinologist and a certified diabetes educator.
Variation in the Content of Postpartum Visits by Maternal Race/Ethnicity, Preconception, and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease Risk, PRAMS, 2016-2017; Objectives: Limited evidence suggests racial/ethnic disparities in postpartum visit attendance; however, little is known about patterns in postpartum visit content. We sought to determine whether receipt of screening and counseling varies by race/ethnicity and whether cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk (preconception or pregnancy related) predicts postpartum visit content. Methods: We used data from the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System 2016-2017 (39 sites) to calculate the prevalence of self-reported receipt of screening, services, and counseling at the postpartum visit by race/ethnicity and CVD risk (unweighted analytic sample n = 59 427). We created a score representing receipt of 5 key screenings or messages at the visit (counseling on healthy eating and exercise, cigarettes, pregnancy spacing, and birth control methods; screening for depression), which we used as a binary indicator of visit content in regression models. We fit a logistic regression model to determine the magnitude of association between CVD risk and receipt of the 5 key messages, prevention screening, or CVD-specific counseling (on healthy eating and exercise, smoking), adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, and health insurance status. Results: Overall, 40% of women reported receiving all CVD-specific prevention messages. Both prepregnancy and pregnancy-related CVD risk were associated with increased odds of receipt of CVD prevention messages (adjusted odds ratios [aOR] = 1.2; 95% CI, 1.1-1.3; and 1.1; 95% CI, 1.1-1.2, respectively). Race/ethnicity was a stronger predictor than CVD risk: non-Hispanic Black women were twice as likely as non-Hispanic White women to receive CVD prevention messages, regardless of CVD risk (aOR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.7-2.0). Conclusions: Health systems should consider novel strategies to improve and standardize the content of postpartum visits.
Electrocardiogram for heart rate evaluation during preterm resuscitation at birth: a randomized trial; Background: Although electrocardiogram (ECG) can detect heart rate (HR) faster compared to pulse oximetry, it remains unknown if routine use of ECG for delivery room (DR) resuscitation reduces the time to stabilization in preterm infants. Methods: Neonates <31 weeks’ gestation were randomized to either an ECG-displayed or an ECG-blinded HR assessment in the DR. HR, oxygen saturation, resuscitation interventions, and clinical outcomes were compared. Results: During the study period, 51 neonates were enrolled. The mean gestational age in both groups was 28 ± 2 weeks. The time to stabilization, defined as the time from birth to achieve HR ≥100 b.p.m., as well as oxygen saturation within goal range, was not different between the ECG-displayed and the ECG-blinded groups [360 (269, 435) vs 345 (240, 475) s, p = 1.00]. There was also no difference in the time to HR ≥100 b.p.m. [100 (75, 228) vs 138 (88, 220) s, p = 0.40] or duration of positive pressure ventilation (PPV) [345 (120, 558) vs 196 (150, 273) s, p = 0.36]. Clinical outcomes were also similar between groups. Conclusions: Although feasible and safe, the use of ECG in the DR during preterm resuscitation did not reduce time to stabilization. Impact: Although feasible and apparently safe, routine use of the ECG in the DR did not decrease time to HR >100 b.p.m., time to stabilization, or use of resuscitation interventions such as PPV for preterm infants <31 weeks’ gestational age.This article adds to the limited randomized controlled trial evidence regarding the impact of routine use of ECG during preterm resuscitation on DR clinical outcomes.Such evidence is important when considering recommendations for routine use of the ECG in the DR worldwide as such a recommendation comes with a significant cost burden.
Usefulness of second trimester left ventricular global longitudinal strain for predicting adverse maternal outcome in pregnant women aged 35 years or older; The present study was primarily designed to accurately determine biventricular and biatrial myocardial function, assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE), in a prospective cohort of pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, at the second trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we aimed at investigating the main independent predictors of adverse maternal outcome (AMO) in the same study population. 80 consecutive pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years, 80 gestational week-matched (18.4 ± 1.6 vs 18.5 ± 1.8 weeks, p = 0.71) pregnant women aged < 35 years and 80 non-pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years without any comorbidity were included in this prospective study. All pregnant women underwent obstetric evaluation, modified Haller index (MHI) assessment and a conventional two-dimensional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with complete 2D-STE analysis of both ventricles and atria at the second trimester of pregnancy. AMO was defined as the occurrence of any of the following: gestational hypertension (GH) including preeclampsia; gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); preterm delivery (PD); emergency caesarean section (ECS); postpartum haemorrhage (PPH); premature rupture of membranes (PROM); maternal death. Compared to younger pregnant women, pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years were more likely to be found with: (1) body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 (37.5% of total); (2) significantly increased inflammatory markers; (3) significantly greater left ventricular mass index; (4) significantly impaired hemodynamics; (5) significantly reduced bi-atrial and bi-ventricular myocardial strain parameters, despite normal ejection fraction. A strong inverse correlation between second trimester BMI and left ventricular (LV)-global longitudinal strain (GLS) (r = − 0.84) and between second trimester MHI and LV-GLS (r = − 0.81) was demonstrated in pregnant women aged ≥ 35 years. GH, GDM, PD, ECS, PPH and PROM were detected in 15%, 12.5%, 10%, 8.7%, 8.7% and 7.5% of women, respectively. Age (OR 2.04, 95% CI 1.46–2.84), second trimester BMI (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.64–3.51) and second trimester LV-GLS (OR 0.07, 95%C I 0.01–0.34) were independently associated with outcome. Age ≥ 37 years, BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 and LV-GLS less negative than − 18% were the best cut-off values for predicting AMO. A LV-GLS less negative than − 18% allows to identify, among older pregnant women, those with an increased risk of AMO. Both intrinsic myocardial dysfunction and extrinsic compressive mechanical phenomena might affect global myocardial deformation during gestation.
Disparities in Prenatal Sexually Transmitted Infections among a Diverse Population of Foreign-Born and US-Born Women; This study examined association between foreign-born (FB) status and a sexually transmitted infection (STI) diagnosis of Chlamydia trachomatis, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, or syphilis among a cohort of expecting mothers, and stratified by race/ethnicity. As a secondary analysis, subsequent adverse birth outcomes following STIs were examined. We used data from a large perinatal database to conduct a retrospective cohort study of 37,211 singleton births. Logistic regression was used to determine the association between FB status and STIs. We adjusted for maternal demographics, prior complications, and chronic disease. As a secondary analysis, we examined the association between STIs, and adverse birth outcomes stratified by FB status. FB women had lower odds of STI diagnosis (ORadj 0.81, 95% CI 0.71–0.93); this was observed for each STI. Among Hispanic women, FB status did not reduce odds of STIs (ORadj 0.89, 95% CI 0.76–1.04). However, FB Black women had reduced odds of STIs (ORadj 0.53, 95% CI 0.36–0.79). Secondary analyses revealed that STIs increased odds of adverse birth outcomes among US-born Black women but not US-born Hispanic women. Among FB Black women, STIs increased odds of medically indicated preterm birth (ORadj 3.77, 95% CI 1.19–12.00) and preeclampsia (ORadj 2.35, 95% CI 1.02–5.42). This was not observed among FB Hispanic women. Previous studies suggest that FB women are less likely to have adverse birth outcomes; our study extends this observation to risk of prenatal STIs. However, FB status does not protect Black women against adverse birth outcomes following an STI.
Significance of Serum-Plasma Leptin Profile during Pregnancy in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a stage of subclinical inflammation and a risk factor for subsequent future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease development. Leptin has been related with vascular and metabolic changes in GDM with heterogeneous and contradictory results with respect to their possible involvement in maternal, perinatal, and future complications. Our objective is to evaluate current evidence on the role of leptin in maternal and perinatal complications in women with GDM. PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Scopus databases were searched. We evaluated the studies’ quality using the Newcastle-Ottawa scale. Meta-analyses were conducted, and heterogeneity and publication bias were examined. Thirty-nine relevant studies were finally included, recruiting 2255 GDM and 3846 control pregnant women. Leptin levels were significantly higher in GDM participants than in controls (SMD = 0.57, 95%CI = 0.19 to 0.94; p < 0.001). Subgroup meta-analysis did not evidence significant differences in leptin in the different trimesters of pregnancy. Meta-regression showed a positive significant relationship for HOMA in the GDM group (p = 0.05). According to these results, it seems that high levels of leptin can be used as predictive markers in GDM.
Advanced Maternal Age and Its Association With Cardiovascular Disease in Later Life; Introduction: Fertility among women at advanced maternal age (AMA) is increasing at a rapid rate in the United States. Although much is known about the impact of older maternal age on the risk for proximate adverse pregnancy outcomes, it is unclear whether older maternal age affects subsequent health. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether AMA is associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, adjusting for important social and health factors related to maternal age. Methods: Data were obtained from the Nurses’ Health Study II, a longitudinal prospective cohort study. We investigated whether women with an AMA first or subsequent birth were at higher risk for developing CVD (myocardial infarction or stroke) after age 42 than women without births at AMA. Cox proportional hazard models were estimated to evaluate this association, adjusting for demographic, fertility, and health characteristics. Results: A total of 5,471 women (7.7%) in the sample had a first birth at an AMA and 1,282 (1.8%) developed CVD at age 42 or older. Women with first births at AMA had a 26% lower unadjusted hazard of CVD than women not at an AMA during their first birth (hazard ratio, 0.74; 95% confidence interval, 0.57–0.95). This association was attenuated (hazard ratio, 0.80; 95% confidence interval, 0.62–1.05) and no longer significant after adjustment for covariates; the modest association remained significant for women with any AMA birth. Conclusions: We found no evidence that AMA births were associated with increased risk for developing CVD later in life in this sample.
The Role of H2 S Regulating NLRP3 Inflammasome in Diabetes; Nucleotide-binding oligomeric domain (NOD)-like receptor protein 3 (NLRP3) is a recently discovered cytoplasmic multiprotein complex involved in inflammation. The NLRP3 inflammasome contains NLRP3, apoptosis-related specific protein (ASC) and precursor caspase-1. The NLRP3 inflammasome is involved in many diseases, including diabetes. H2 S is a harmful gas with a rotten egg smell. Recently, it has been identified as the third gas signal molecule after nitric oxide and carbon monoxide. It has many biological functions and plays an important role in many diseases, including diabetes. In recent years, it has been reported that H2 S regulation of the NLRP3 inflammasome contributes to a variety of diseases. However, the mechanism has not been fully understood. In this review, we summarized the recent role and mechanism of H2 S in regulating the NLRP3 inflammasome in diabetes, in order to provide a theoretical basis for future research.
Extracellular Vesicles as An Index for Endothelial Injury and Cardiac Dysfunction in a Rodent Model of GDM; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal cardiovascular complications. It is widely believed that maternal endothelial dysfunction is a critical determinant of these risks, however, connections to maternal cardiac dysfunction and mechanisms of pathogenesis are unclear. Circulating extracellular vesicles (EVs) are emerging bi-omarkers that may provide insights into the pathogenesis of GDM. We examined the impact of GDM on maternal cardiac and vascular health in a rat model of diet‐induced obesity‐associated GDM. We observed a >3‐fold increase in circulating levels of endothelial EVs (p < 0.01) and von Willebrand factor (p < 0.001) in GDM rats. A significant increase in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) within circulating extracellular vesicles was also observed suggesting possible mitochondrial dysfunction in the vasculature. This was supported by nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide deficiency in aortas of GDM mice. GDM was also associated with cardiac remodeling (increased LV mass) and a marked impairment in maternal diastolic function (increased isovolumetric relaxation time [IVRT], p < 0.01). Finally, we observed a strong positive correlation between endothelial EV levels and IVRT (r = 0.57, p < 0.05). In summary, we observed maternal vascular and cardiac dysfunction in rodent GDM accompanied by increased circulating endothelial EVs and EV‐associated mitochon-drial DNA. Our study highlights a novel method for assessment of vascular injury in GDM and highlights vascular mitochondrial injury as a possible therapeutic target.
The Relationship between Obesity and Pre-Eclampsia: Incidental Risks and Identification of Potential Biomarkers for Pre-Eclampsia; Obesity has been steadily increasing over the past decade in the US and worldwide. Since 1975, the prevalence of obesity has increased by 2% per decade, unabated despite new and more stringent guidelines set by WHO, CDC, and other public health organizations. Likewise, maternal obesity has also increased worldwide over the past several years. In the United States, pre-pregnancy rates have increased proportionally across all racial groups. Obesity during pregnancy has been directly linked to obstetric complications including gestational diabetes, HTN, hematomas, preeclampsia, and congenital defects. In the particular case of pre-eclampsia, the incidence rate across the globe is 2.16%, but the condition accounts for 30% of maternal deaths, and a robust body of evidence underscored the relationship between obesity and pre-eclampsia. More recently, attention has focused on the identification of reliable biomarkers predictive of an elevated risk for pre-eclampsia. The aim of this literature review is to elucidate the relationship between obesity and these predictive biomarkers for future prediction and prevention of pre-eclampsia condition in women at risk.
Perinatal factors associated with admission to neonatal intensive care unit following cesarean delivery in Kano, northern Nigeria; Objectives: Cesarean section is the most common obstetric surgical procedure, with associated risks for adverse neonatal outcomes. The interplay of perinatal factors associated with neonatal admissions following cesarean delivery remains poorly understood in developing countries. We examined how perinatal and facility-based factors affect Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) admission after cesarean delivery in northern Nigeria. Methods: A prospective cohort study involving 200 women undergoing cesarean section were consecutively enrolled with subsequent follow-up of their infants in the post-natal period. Data were abstracted from the medical record using an interviewer-administered questionnaire. The primary outcomes were NICU admission and intrauterine or early neonatal deaths. Binary logistic regression modelling was used to identify variables independently associated with the outcomes. Results: Over the study period (six months), there were 200 cesarean sections. A total of 30 (15.0%) neonates were admitted into the NICU following the procedure. No stillbirths or early neonatal deaths were recorded. NICU admission was associated with gestational age (preterm vs. term [adjusted odds ratio, aOR: 18.9, 95% confidence interval (CI): 4.0-90.4]), birth weight (small vs. appropriate [aOR: 6.7, 95% CI 1.9-22.7] and large vs. appropriate birth weight [aOR: 20.3, 95% CI 2.9-143.7]) and the number of indications for cesarean section (≥2 vs. one [aOR: 0.2, 95% 0.1-0.8]). Conclusions: Prematurity, small and large for gestational age neonates; and indications for cesarean section were associated with increased likelihood of neonatal admission following cesarean delivery. These findings could inform ongoing quality enhancement initiatives to improve NICU admission outcomes at the study site, and other similar settings.
The Role of Non-Coding RNAs in the Human Placenta; Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) play a central and regulatory role in almost all cells, organs, and species, which has been broadly recognized since the human ENCODE project and several other genome projects. Nevertheless, a small fraction of ncRNAs have been identified, and in the placenta they have been investigated very marginally. To date, most examples of ncRNAs which have been identified to be specific for fetal tissues, including placenta, are members of the group of microRNAs (miRNAs). Due to their quantity, it can be expected that the fairly larger group of other ncRNAs exerts far stronger effects than miRNAs. The syncytiotrophoblast of fetal origin forms the interface between fetus and mother, and releases permanently extracellular vesicles (EVs) into the maternal circulation which contain fetal proteins and RNA, including ncRNA, for communication with neighboring and distant maternal cells. Disorders of ncRNA in placental tissue, especially in trophoblast cells, and in EVs seem to be involved in pregnancy disorders, potentially as a cause or consequence. This review summarizes the current knowledge on placental ncRNA, their transport in EVs, and their involvement and pregnancy pathologies, as well as their potential for novel diagnostic tools.
Head Injury during Childbirth; Head injuries are the most common type of birth injuries. Among them, most of the injuries is limited to the scalp. and the prognosis is good enough to be unnoticed in some cases. Intracranial injuries caused by excessive forces during delivery are rare. However, since some of them can be fatal, it is necessary to suspect it at an early stage and evaluate thoroughly if there are abnormal findings in the patient.
Umbilical cord serum lipid profile of healthy neonates-A single center study from rural Tamil Nadu, India; Introduction and Aim: Umbilical cord lipid profile of neonates might help facilitate the assessment of risk of developing atherosclerotic disorders later in life. This study prospectively measures the cord blood lipid profile of healthy newborn at birth in medical college hospital in rural Tamil Nadu. Materials and Methods: Consecutive full-term newborns (n=105) were enrolled for this study. Umbilical cord blood sample was collected from placental end of the cord immediately after delivery of placenta of each baby and sent to the lab for lipid profile estimation. Results: In the newborns born to non-diabetic mothers, the mean cord blood total serum cholesterol (TC) was 73.31mg %, triglyceride (TGL) was 51.50mg %, high-density lipoproteins (HDL) 24.62 mg % and low-density lipoproteins (LDL) 51.73 mg %. Amongst newborns born to diabetic mothers, the mean TC was 113 mg % (P = 0.001), TGL 98.08mg% (P = 0.045) HDL 28.75 mg% (P = 0.130) LDL 73.48mg% (P = 0.007). Umbilical cord blood lipid profile did not show any significant sex-dependent difference. There was no statistical difference in lipid values between appropriate for gestational age (AGA)and small for gestational age (SGA). Birth weight had a negative correlation to cord blood serum TC and TGL values and showed no correlation to HDL and LDL values. Other parameters including head circumference, length of newborn at birth also showed no correlation to lipid profile. Total cholesterol, TGL and LDL were significantly elevated in newborns born to diabetic mothers. There was no statistical difference in cord blood lipid profile of babies born to mothers who were hypertensive. Conclusion: Infants born to diabetic mothers tend to have significantly elevated lipid values at birth and must be followed regularly later in life to diagnose and treat dyslipidemia and diabetes, to prevent onset of premature atherosclerotic coronary artery disease in this population.
NRXN1 Deletion in Two Twins’ Genotype and Phenotype: A Clinical Case and Literature Review; In the literature, deletions in the 2p16.3 region of the neurexin gene (NRXN1) are associated with cognitive impairment, and other neuropsychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia, autism, and Pitt–Hopkins-like syndrome 2. In this paper, we present twins with deletion 2p16.3 of the NRXN1 gene using a comparative genomic hybridization array. The two children had a dual diagnosis consisting of mild cognitive impairment and neurodevelopmental delay. Furthermore, they showed a dysmorphic phenotype characterized by faciocranial disproportion, turricephalus, macrocrania, macrosomia, strabismus, and abnormal conformation of both auricles with low implantation. The genetic analysis of the family members showed the presence, in the father’s genetic test, of a microdeletion of the short arm of chromosome 2, in the 2p16.3 region. Our case report can expand the knowledge on the genotype–phenotype association in carriers of 2p16.3 deletion and for genetic counseling that could help in the prevention and eventual treatment of this genetic condition. Newborn carriers should undergo neurobehavioral follow-ups for timely detection of warning signs.
Lifestyle behaviors and cardiovascular risk profiles among parous women by gestational diabetes status, 2007–2018; Background and aims: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. We compared cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20–44 by history of GDM. Methods and results: Using data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007 to 2018, 3537 parous women were classified by self-reported GDM history. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemia, blood pressure, lipids, lifestyle factors, cardiovascular health, and cardiometabolic disease prevalence by GDM status. NHANES survey design was taken into account. Women without history of GDM were younger and, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, and education, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles for measures of anthropometry, glycemia, diabetes, many lipids, physical activity, diet, and overall cardiovascular health than women with history of GDM. Many patterns persisted after further adjustment for lifestyle factors. In analyses stratified by race/ethnicity, many patterns persisted, though there were key differences. Hypertension prevalence differed by GDM history only among Hispanic women. In women of other race/ethnicity, there was no difference in healthy eating or body mass index by GDM history. In non-Hispanic Black women, there was no difference in healthy eating by GDM history. Conclusion: Among parous U.S. women ages 20–44, those with history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than those without history of GDM. This highlights the importance of continued efforts to develop and test multilevel interventions to improve cardiometabolic risk factors among reproductive-age women with a history of GDM.
Young Onset Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Review; Diabetes is an increasing global problem. Youth onset type2 diabetes mellitus is increasing in many countries. Early onset type 2 diabetes is increasingly prevalent with significant impact on individual or healthcare service. The individuals with history of type 2 diabetes, obese and leading sedentary life style, black or minority or ethnic group has higher risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Individuals with type 2 diabetes have higher risk of complications. Specific symptoms in young people include growth impairment, unexplained loss of weight and wetting of bed. Obesity, particularly abdominal obesity, PCOS, pubertal age group and intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia are among the risk factors for development of T2DM in children and adolescents. Symptoms of diabetes and random plasma glucose concentration, or glycated haemoglobin or fasting plasma glucose or 2 h plasma glucose during oral glucose tolerance test may be used for diagnosing diabetes. Initial treatment of youth-beginning sort 2 diabetes should incorporate metformin as well as insulin alone or in combination, in view of the metabolic status of the patient. Initial treatment of youth-beginning sort 2 diabetes should incorporate metformin as well as insulin alone or in combination, in view of the metabolic status of the patient. Early onset type 2 diabetes is more aggressive and has higher complications and comorbidities. Youth onset type 2 diabetes creates large personal and societal burden so adequate educational and psychological support should be given. This review on young onset diabetes mellitus provides knowledge on emerging epidemic.
Hyperlipidemia and risk for preclampsia; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are among the leading causes of maternal morbidity and mortality in the US. Preeclampsia (PreE) which includes hypertension and proteinuria during pregnancy, is thought to result from placental ischemia. Risk factors for PreE parallel those for cardiovascular disease, and recent studies point to hyperlipidemia specifically, hypertriglyceridemia, as a risk factor for PreE. Current practice does not routinely include lipid testing pre-conception or during pregnancy. Professional, societal recommendations should advocate for hyperlipidemia screening, followed by appropriate management, pre-conception and during pregnancy.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules in the offspring; Background and aims: Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. This study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum and soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) exposed to high glucose concentrations. Methods and results: Women with and without diabetes were recruited. DM was diagnosed based on the American Diabetes Association criteria. Primary cultures of HUVEC were cultured in 5 mM and 25 mM glucose with 25 mM mannitol osmotic control. The soluble adhesion molecules, intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and E-selectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and conditioned HUVEC media. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p = 0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p = 0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r2 = 0.16, p = 0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r2 = 0.08, p = 0.013). From the HUVEC media, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r2 = 0.27, p = 0.010) and cord serum c-peptide (R2 = 0.19, p = 0.043). Conclusions: Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease.
Gestational Age-Dependent Reference Ranges for Albumin Levels in Cord Serum; Background: To diagnose hypoalbuminemia in newborns, it is essential to establish a definition applicable to those with a different gestational age (GA) and clinical conditions. A positive correlation between serum albumin levels and GA has been reported, but the study was limited to small numbers of newborns. We therefore investigated the GA-dependent reference ranges for serum albumin levels using cord venous blood (UC-Alb levels) from a large number of newborns delivered at a tertiary perinatal center. Methods: Albumin levels were assessed in 2,917 newborns at 22-41 weeks of GA after exclusion of those with congenital disorders. Linear regression analysis was used to correlate GA and UC-Alb levels. After calculation of the percentile values of UC-Alb levels for each week of GA, the distributions were approximated by the least-squares method. To validate the determined linear approximation of the 5%ile value, the UC-Alb levels in newborns with hydrops fetalis and gastroschisis were used. Results: A significant positive correlation between GA and UC-Alb levels was found (r<sub>s</sub> = 0.701, p < 0.001, respectively). The distribution of the 5%ile of UC-Alb levels (Y) by GA (X) was approximated as a straight line (Y = 0.062 × X + 0.326, R2 = 0.951). Among the 59 and 18 newborns with hydrops fetalis and gastroschisis, 51 (86.4%) and 15 (83.3%), respectively, were below the line. Conclusions: We established GA-dependent reference ranges for serum albumin levels, which may be useful to accurately diagnose hypoalbuminemia in newborns.
Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita being caused by postzygotic GNA11 mutations; Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita (CMTC) is characterized by coarse-meshed capillary malformations arranged in asymmetrically distributed patches. The disorder may be associated with hyper- or hypoplastic limbs, syndactyly, cleft palate, and glaucoma. Because the disease usually occurs sporadically, the concept of a lethal mutation surviving by mosaicism was proposed about 30 years ago. Here we describe three children with CMTC due to a postzygotic GNA11 mutation c547C > T (p.Arg183Cys), documented in saliva (patient 1) or lesional cutaneous tissue (patients 2 and 3). All three individuals had widespread and asymmetric CMTC which was present from birth and became fainter during the first years of life. Variably associated anomalies included glaucoma, choroidal capillary malformation, and body asymmetry. In previous case reports, postzygotic GNA11 mutations were documented in two cases of phacomatosis cesiomarmorata, being characterized by CMTC coexisting with segmental dermal melanocytosis. Moreover, postzygotic GNA11 mutations were noted in two CMTC patients described under the incorrect diagnosis of “nevus vascularis mixtus”. Hence, the present cases convincingly support the concept that CMTC can be caused by mosaic GNA11 mutations and thus belongs to the GNA11-Related Capillary Nevus (GNARCAN) spectrum. In two other bona fide cases of CMTC, however, we were unable to find a mutation in GNA11, which may be explained either by our inability to detect a very low percentage of mutant cells or by genetic heterogeneity of the phenotype.
Birthing Experience and Perinatal Outcomes with COVID-19: A Prospective Study; Aim: To study childbirth experience of women with coronavirus disease-2019 (COVID-19) at our institute and to assess clinical characteristics, maternal, and perinatal outcomes of SARS-CoV-2-positive pregnancies. Materials and methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study of all SARS-CoV-2-positive women who delivered at our institute from 1 September 2020 to 31 March 2021. The data was collected from labor room birth register, electronic medical record (EMR), and feedback questionnaire, Kerala Institute of Medical Sciences–Childbirth Experience Questionnaire (KIMS–CEQ), filled by women to express their childbirth experience. Results: Of the 50 women we studied, 84% were asymptomatic. In contrast to the majority of the studies published till now, preterm labor in our study was noted only in 12% cases. In our study, 62% delivered vaginally and cesarean section (CS) rate was 38%. All cesarean deliveries were done only for obstetric or fetal indications. A total of 6% women had minor peripartum complications. Majority of the neonates had normal appearance, pulse, grimace, activity, and respiration (APGAR) scores, and all were COVID-19 screen negative; 12% required neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission; 84% women opted to breastfeed their babies (direct breastfeeding or expressed breast milk) maintaining all precautions and hygiene they were taught; 88% women experienced positive childbirth experience based on KIMS–CEQ score. Conclusion: In our study, the pregnancy complications including the pre-term labor and severity of COVID-19 are not found to be above those in screen negative pregnant women nor any case of vertical transmission of SARS-CoV-19 reported. Our study is unique as it also assesses the birthing experience in women with COVID-19 which shows that most of them had a positive birth experience at our institute. The COVID-19 status should not deprive any women of her childbirth rights, although more precautions are warranted. Clinical significance: A positive or negative childbirth experience can have far-reaching consequences in life of a woman and the newborn. It is the need of the hour to address the important issue of positive birth experience, especially during the era of ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The KIMS–CEQ provides an efficient tool to assess birthing experience of women with COVID-19.
MALIGNANT PERSISTENT PULMONARY HYPERTENSION - A CASE REPORT; Persistent pulmonary hypertension is a phenomenon with 2 in 1,000 live births. Persistent pulmonary hypertension involves defective lung parenchymal development, heart valvular defects, or may also be syndromic. It can also be idiopathic. The most common factor is improper clamping of the umbilical cord on parturition. This case report discusses the condition of a male neonate with severe tachypnea and hypoxia due to PPTH at birth. A male neonate born to anon consanguineous parents on the day of birth presented with severe tachypnea. It was normal vaginal delivery conducted in the ambulance. There was a delay in clamping the umbilical cord, it was clamped with an elastic rope. The neonate and the mother were rushed to the obstetric ward within the time duration of 20 min. The neonate presented with hypoxia, hypocalcemia, and severe tachypnea. The neonate was shifted to the intensive care unit and was supported with high flow oxygen 2 L/min. 2D echo was performed; there was no significant anomaly noted except tricuspid valvular regurgitation. The pulmonary pressure was recorded to be 76 mm/hg which gradually reduced to 26 mm/hg on the 6th day after birth. Improper or impaired fall in pulmonary vasculature resistance that occurs after birth and increase of systemic vascular resistance is due to the removal of the placenta from circulation. Increased pulmonary vasculature with decreased or reversal of shut at the foramen ovale or ductus arteriosus leads to PPHTN. Proper clamping of the umbilical cord within 60 s becomes crucial. Delayed or improper clamping can lead to severe PPHTN.
Pulse Taking by a Piezoelectric Film Sensor via Mode Energy Ratio Analysis Helps Identify Pregnancy Status; In order to solve the problem of non-invasive diagnosis and monitoring of women during pregnancy, a piezoelectric film pulse sensing system combined with the mode energy ratio (MER) analysis is utilized to detect human pulses to reveal pregnant conditions. Inspired by traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), pulse diagnosis has a history of more than 2,500 years. The life energy of the human body helps the diagnosis of the disease through the circulation of blood vessels connected to the organs. A PVDF piezoelectric film sensor is used to emulate the pulse taking process in TCM to record the pulse signals. And the algorithm of MER is proposed based on empirical mode decomposition (EMD). Through the MER analysis of 83 female volunteers with different pregnancy statuses, the identification and warning of pregnancy status and physical health indicators are realized.
Heart health in polycystic ovary syndrome: time to act on the data; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), first described over 80 years ago, is a chronic condition with gynecologic, metabolic, and psychologic manifestations. Both hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance are associated with the high prevalence of cardiometabolic risk factors described in this population. Although robust data in reproductive-age women demonstrate a high rate of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and metabolic syndrome, studies show mixed results in the adolescent and menopausal age groups. There is emerging evidence to support an association between PCOS and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and obstructive sleep apnea, conditions known to influence cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes. Studies from different world regions show an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by a variety of modalities, especially in reproductive-age women. Similarly, there is increasing evidence for a higher prevalence of CVD events, such as stroke, myocardial infarction, and ischemic heart disease. Over the past decade, a number of medical society guidelines have recommended screening women with PCOS for cardiometabolic risk factors for the primary prevention of CVD. This series of Views and Reviews highlights the urgency to implement these guidelines and invest in identifying newer therapies for comprehensively managing the symptoms of PCOS while lowering long-term cardiometabolic risk.
Anterior laryngeal cleft in malformed stillborn; Objectives: Laryngeal clefts (LC) are rare conditions. The incidence of LC is approximately 1 in 10,000 to 20,000 live births. It is more frequent in males than in females with an approximate ratio of 5:3. The effect of prematurity and polyhydramnios as contributing factors remains unclear. The possibility of an autosomal dominant inheritance pattern has been discussed. Symptoms can vary depending on the severity, from mild stridor to respiratory distress and massive aspiration, as well as feeding difficulty, recurrent pneumonia, cyanosis, and malnutrition; therefore, it can be made from 15 days at birth up to second childhood. LC is usually posterior; we are presenting an anterior LC. Methodology: A 23-year-old G2P1V1 patient with a 39.2-week pregnancy by ultrasound in high-risk controls for insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and obesity, who consulted the emergency department for 1 day of evolution consisting of uterine activity; glycosylated hemoglobin was 6.6%. During the physical examination, the fetal heart rate was not auscultated with either Doppler or ultrasound, so fetal death was diagnosed. Results: Autopsy showed a macerated macrosomic fetus with left kidney agenesis, anterior LC, aortic coarctation, intrahepatic gallbladder, low hair implantation, anteverted nostrils, carp mouth, redundant posterior cervical skin, hypertrichosis, single umbilical artery, and clinodactyly on the right thumb. The placenta also showed maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion. The rare laryngeal defect consisted of an anterior and medial subglottic cleft of up to 0.3cm, in its inferior portion, semilunar with inferior convexity, and at its top, conical with the vertex in the midline. The lower vocal cord was compromised by the cleft. There was no defect on the posterior aspect and the relation with the esophagus was normal. Conclusion: Anterior LC are extremely rare. Less than 10 cases have been reported, mostly treatable. This stillbirth had multiple malformations in the context of maternal diabetes.
Long-Term Mortality in Women With Pregnancy Loss and Modification by Race/Ethnicity; Pregnancy loss is a common reproductive complication, but its association with long-term mortality and whether this varies by maternal race/ethnicity is not well understood. Data from a racially diverse cohort of pregnant women enrolled in the Collaborative Perinatal Project (CPP) from 1959 to 1966 were used for this study. CPP records were linked to the National Death Index and the Social Security Death Master File to identify deaths and underlying cause (until 2016). Pregnancy loss comprised self-reported losses, including abortions, stillbirths, and ectopic pregnancies. Among 48,188 women (46.0% White, 45.8% Black, 8.2% other race/ethnicity), 25.6% reported at least 1 pregnancy loss and 39% died. Pregnancy loss was associated with a higher absolute risk of all-cause mortality (risk difference, 4.0 per 100 women, 95% confidence interval: 1.4, 6.5) and cardiovascular mortality (risk difference, 2.2 per 100 women, 95% confidence interval: 0.8, 3.5). Stratified by race/ethnicity, a higher risk of mortality persisted in White, but not Black, women. Women with recurrent losses are at increased risk of death, both overall and across all race/ethnicity groups. Pregnancy loss is associated with death; however, it does not confer an excess risk above the observed baseline risk in Black women. These findings support the need to assess reproductive history as part of routine screening in women.
The invisible costs of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA): Systematic review and cost-of-illness analysis; Background Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a risk factor for several diseases and is correlated with other non-medical consequences that increase the disease’s clinical and economic burden. However, OSA’s impact is highly underestimated, also due to substantial diagnosis gaps. Objective This study aims at assessing the economic burden of OSA in the adult population in Italy by performing a cost-of-illness analysis with a societal perspective. In particular, we aimed at estimating the magnitude of the burden caused by conditions for which OSA is a proven risk factor. Methods A systematic literature review on systematic reviews and meta-analyses, integrated by expert opinion, was performed to identify all clinical and non-clinical conditions significantly influenced by OSA. Using the Population Attributable Fraction methodology, a portion of their prevalence and costs was attributed to OSA. The total economic burden of OSA for the society was estimated by summing the costs of each condition influenced by the disease, the costs due to OSA’s diagnosis and treatment and the economic value of quality of life lost due to OSA’s undertreatment. Results Twenty-six clinical (e.g., diabetes) and non-clinical (e.g., car accidents) conditions were found to be significantly influenced by OSA, contributing to an economic burden ranging from €10.7 to €32.0 billion/year in Italy. The cost of impaired quality of life due to OSA undertreatment is between €2.8 and €9.0 billion/year. These costs are substantially higher than those currently borne to diagnose and treat OSA (€234 million/year). Conclusions This study demonstrates that the economic burden due to OSA is substantial, also due to low diagnosis and treatment rates. Providing reliable estimates of the economic impact of OSA at a societal level may increase awareness of the disease burden and help to guide evidence-based policies and prioritisation for healthcare, ultimately ensuring appropriate diagnostic and therapeutic pathways for patients.
Integrating polygenic risk scores in the prediction of type 2 diabetes risk and subtypes in British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis: A population-based cohort study; Background Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is highly prevalent in British South Asians, yet they are underrepresented in research. Genes & Health (G&H) is a large, population study of British Pakistanis and Bangladeshis (BPB) comprising genomic and routine health data. We assessed the extent to which genetic risk for T2D is shared between BPB and European populations (EUR). We then investigated whether the integration of a polygenic risk score (PRS) for T2D with an existing risk tool (QDiabetes) could improve prediction of incident disease and the characterisation of disease subtypes. Methods and findings In this observational cohort study, we assessed whether common genetic loci associated with T2D in EUR individuals were replicated in 22,490 BPB individuals in G&H. We replicated fewer loci in G&H (n = 76/338, 22%) than would be expected given power if all EUR-ascertained loci were transferable (n = 101, 30%; p = 0.001). Of the 27 transferable loci that were powered to interrogate this, only 9 showed evidence of shared causal variants. We constructed a T2D PRS and combined it with a clinical risk instrument (QDiabetes) in a novel, integrated risk tool (IRT) to assess risk of incident diabetes. To assess model performance, we compared categorical net reclassification index (NRI) versus QDiabetes alone. In 13,648 patients free from T2D followed up for 10 years, NRI was 3.2% for IRT versus QDiabetes (95% confidence interval (CI): 2.0% to 4.4%). IRT performed best in reclassification of individuals aged less than 40 years deemed low risk by QDiabetes alone (NRI 5.6%, 95% CI 3.6% to 7.6%), who tended to be free from comorbidities and slim. After adjustment for QDiabetes score, PRS was independently associated with progression to T2D after gestational diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) per SD of PRS 1.23, 95% CI 1.05 to 1.42, p = 0.028). Using cluster analysis of clinical features at diabetes diagnosis, we replicated previously reported disease subgroups, including Mild Age-Related, Mild Obesity-related, and Insulin-Resistant Diabetes, and showed that PRS distribution differs between subgroups (p = 0.002). Integrating PRS in this cluster analysis revealed a Probable Severe Insulin Deficient Diabetes (pSIDD) subgroup, despite the absence of clinical measures of insulin secretion or resistance. We also observed differences in rates of progression to micro- and macrovascular complications between subgroups after adjustment for confounders. Study limitations include the absence of an external replication cohort and the potential biases arising from missing or incorrect routine health data. Conclusions Our analysis of the transferability of T2D loci between EUR and BPB indicates the need for larger, multiancestry studies to better characterise the genetic contribution to disease and its varied aetiology. We show that a T2D PRS optimised for this high-risk BPB population has potential clinical application in BPB, improving the identification of T2D risk (especially in the young) on top of an established clinical risk algorithm and aiding identification of subgroups at diagnosis, which may help future efforts to stratify care and treatment of the disease.
The role of plasma N-terminal pro-B type natriuretic peptide level in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and prediction of neonatal outcomes; Background-aim: Preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are the major pregnancy complications that pose important threats to the health of pregnant women and newborns. The purpose of this study was to investigate the diversity of plasma N-terminal pro-B type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels in the pregnancy complications and to clarify its predictive effect of pregnancy outcome. Methods: Two hundred and eight singleton pregnant women who were executed regular obstetric examinations in West China Second University Hospital from August 2015 to October 2018were selected in this study, including early-onset PE group(n=52), late-onset PE group(n=32), GH group(n=21), GDM group(n=49) and normal pregnant women as control group(n=54). The concentrations of NT-proBNP among different groups were measured and the correlation between NT-proBNP levels and pregnancy complications was analyzed. Results: The plasma NT-proBNP levels in early-onset PE group and late-onset PE group were significantly higher than those in other groups (P < 0.05). The Receiver Operator Characteristic (ROC) curve study showed the plasma NT-proBNP levels had excellent diagnostic performance for early-onset PE group and late-onset PE group. The areas under the ROC curve (AUC) were 0.864 and 0.825 when the cut-off value was 142.3pg/ml and 183.5pg/ml for these two groups, respectively. The plasma concentrations of NT-proBNP were positively correlated with neonatal outcomes, the AUC was 0.788 when the cut-off value was 257.5pg/ml. Conclusions: NT-proBNP was an effective indicator for differential diagnosis of pregnancy complications and prediction of newborn outcomes, and can be used for monitoring of early-onset PE and late-onset PE.
Haptoglobin phenotype 2-2 is involved in oxidative stress; Background-aim: Human gene of haptoglobin is presented by two alleles. Haptoglobin types are 1-1, 1-2 and 2-2. Different studies shows role of type 2-2 in cardio-vascular disease occurrence during diabetes. Haptoglobin type 1 is known to suppress haemoglobin based oxygenation of HDL and LDL, acting like antioxidant. Methods: We aimed that Bulgarian population is haptoglobin 2-2 type, which causes frequent morbidity by systematic diseases, such as atherosclerosis, diabetes, diabetic nephropathies, gestational diabetes, anaemia, etc. 79 volunteers were included, age 32.3 ± 5.1. IMT, ABI, CBC, iron homeostasis, hsCRP and haptoglobin type were evaluated. Results: Higher serum hepcidin concentrations were established in volunteers with haptoglobin phenotype 2-2 (29.6 ± 3.1 µg/L) compared to other types: 2-1 (22.9 ± 4.6 µg/L) and 1-1 (15.4 ± 2.7 µg/L), P<0.005. In haptoglobin type 2-2 was found strong positive correlation between serum hepcidin levels and higher IMT and ABI (r=0.845, r=0.871, resp.; P<0.05). Volunteers with haptoglobin type 2-1 and 1-1 had lower IMT (0.33 ± 0.05, 0.29 ± 0.03) and ABI (1.09 ± 0.05, 1.05 ± 0.05) parameters; P<0.005. Conclusions: The main reason for acute coronary thrombosis is atherosclerotic plaque rupture. Extra-vascular haemoglobin plays role as start mechanism for inflammation in the plaques. Important contra-active mechanism is played by haptoglobin. Thus, it prevents kidney injury from free haemoglobin. Released iron from destructed erythrocytes forms reactive oxygen radicals through Fenton’s reaction. Hepcidin regulates iron homeostasis by its interaction with intracellular iron exporter ferroportin. Acknowledgements: This project is sponsored by MU-Sofia, as part of Grant Д-213/2018.
Pregnancy complications in Filipino women; Background-aim: There is an increasing trend of pregnancy complications in the Philippines. However, these are not well documented due to the lack of a national database. This study describes the prevalence of hypertension and lipid abnormalities among Filipino pregnant women, which result to complications during pregnancy. Methods: Multi-stage stratified random sampling was employed and 6,166 pregnant women were included in the study. Demographic data was gathered through an interview questionnaire. Blood samples were drawn to determine fasting blood sugar (FBS), cholesterol, HDL and LDL, and triglycerides levels. Results: One in ten pregnant women (n=661) showed signs of pregnancy complications. High risk pregnancies were identified, ranging from heart disease (2.9%), gestational diabetes (3.2%), asthma (3.51%) and goiter (4.12%). Prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension is 18.26%. Dyslipidemia is high among sample population with a prevalence of 39.54% (n=376). Results showed that patients with hypertension are twice more likely to have pregnancy complications than those with normal BP (OR:1.95, CI 0.47, 6.08). Conclusions: Based on the data, there is a high prevalence of pregnancy complications in the Philippines which is associated with having hypertension and lipid abnormalities. Health policies should be made to cater to the early detection of disease in pregnant women and widespread campaign for affordable prenatal check-ups.
Maternal weight and gestational diabetes impacts on child health; Purpose of reviewTo review recent evidence linking maternal body mass index and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with offspring health outcomes.Recent findingsIt is now established that the rising prevalences of maternal obesity and GDM are both making substantial contributions to the growing burden of childhood obesity and associated disorders. Strengthening evidence also links maternal obesity with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, lower respiratory tract infections during infancy, wheezing illnesses, asthma and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder during childhood, and with higher risks of psychiatric disorders and colorectal cancer in adulthood. GDM has been associated with increased offspring risks of cardiovascular disease, childhood wheeze/asthma (but not allergic sensitization), and with high refractive error, attention deficit hyperactivity and psychiatric disorders from childhood onwards.SummaryThe long-term consequences of maternal obesity and GDM for the offspring in childhood and later adult life present major challenges for public health across the life course and for future generations. Tackling these challenges requires a systems-based approach to support achieving a healthy weight in young people prior to conception, alongside new insights into population based preventive measures against gestational diabetes.
Perinatal Complications in Individuals in California with or Without SARS-CoV-2 Infection during Pregnancy; Importance: Additional research from population-based studies is needed to inform the treatment of SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy and to provide health risk information to pregnant individuals. Objective: To assess the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection and to describe factors associated with hospitalizations. Design, Setting, and Participants: This population-based cohort study included 43886 pregnant individuals with longitudinal electronic health record data from preconception to delivery who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California between March 1, 2020, and March 16, 2021. Individuals with diagnostic codes for COVID-19 that did not have a confirmatory polymerase chain reaction test for SARS-CoV-2 were excluded. Exposures: SARS-CoV-2 infection detected by polymerase chain reaction test (from 30 days before conception to 7 days after delivery) as a time varying exposure. Main Outcomes and Measures: Severe maternal morbidity including 21 conditions (eg, acute myocardial infarction, acute renal failure, acute respiratory distress syndrome, and sepsis) that occurred at any time during pregnancy or delivery; preterm birth; pregnancy hypertensive disorders; gestational diabetes; venous thromboembolism (VTE); stillbirth; cesarean delivery; and newborn birth weight and respiratory conditions. Standardized mean differences between individuals with and without SARS-CoV-2 were calculated. Cox proportional hazards regression was used to estimate the hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs for the association between SARS-CoV-2 infection and perinatal complications and hospitalization and to consider the timing of SARS-CoV-2 infection relative to outcomes. Results: In this study of 43 886 pregnant individuals (mean [SD] age, 30.7 [5.2] years), individuals with a SARS-CoV-2 infection (1332 [3.0%]) were more likely to be younger, Hispanic, multiparous individuals with a higher neighborhood deprivation index and obesity or chronic hypertension. After adjusting for demographic characteristics, comorbidities, and smoking status, individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection had higher risk for severe maternal morbidity (HR, 2.45; 95% CI, 1.91-3.13), preterm birth (<37 weeks; HR, 2.08; 95% CI, 1.75-2.47), and VTE (HR, 3.08; 95% CI, 1.09-8.74) than individuals without SARS-CoV-2. SARS-CoV-2 infection was also associated with increased risk of medically indicated preterm birth (HR, 2.56; 95% CI, 2.06-3.19); spontaneous preterm birth (HR, 1.61; 95% CI, 1.22-2.13); and early (HR, 2.52; 95% CI, 1.49-4.24), moderate (HR, 2.18; 95% CI, 1.25-3.80), and late (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.61-2.37) preterm birth. Among individuals with SARS-CoV-2 infection, 76 (5.7%) had a hospitalization; pregestational diabetes (HR, 7.03; 95% CI, 2.22-22.2) and Asian or Pacific Islander (HR, 2.33; 95% CI, 1.06-5.11) and Black (HR, 3.14; 95% CI, 1.24-7.93) race and ethnicity were associated with an increased risk of hospitalization. Conclusions and Relevance: In this cohort study, SARS-CoV-2 infection was associated with increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, preterm birth, and VTE. The study findings inform clinicians and patients about the risk of perinatal complications associated with SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnancy and support vaccination of pregnant individuals and those planning conception..
Glycogen storage disease type IIIa in pregnant women: A guide to management; Glycogen storage disease type IIIa (GSD-IIIa) is an autosomal recessive disorder that impairs glycogenolysis, producing ketotic hypoglycaemia, hepatomegaly, cardiac and skeletal myopathy. During pregnancy, increased metabolic demand requires careful management. There are few case reports about pregnancy in GSD-IIIa, however none detail management during caesarean section. This case describes a 25-year-old women with GSD-IIIa diagnosed at 5 months of age. She had modest metabolic control with complications including hepatomegaly, mild skeletal myopathy and poor enteral function requiring multiple operative interventions. She had a planned pregnancy managed by a multidisciplinary team, which included a metabolic geneticist, maternal–fetal medicine specialist and metabolic dietitian. Nocturnal cornstarch was provided to meet basal carbohydrate requirements and a high protein diet with regular carbohydrates was consumed throughout the day. The woman remained well during the antenatal period and had an induction of labour at 38 weeks gestation. She had an emergency caesarean section in early labour due to an abnormal cardiotocography (CTG). The intraoperative and postoperative period were uncomplicated. A live baby boy was born in good condition, weighing 2440 g with APGARs of 9 and 9 at 1 and 5 min. She was managed in labour with glucose 10% IV at 3.5 mg/kg/min, hourly blood sugar level (BSL) monitoring and early epidural anaesthetic. The aim of the first 24-h post-partum was prevention of hypoglycaemia, which required strict management with dextrose 10% IV at 3.5 mg/kg/min, oral carbohydrate supplementation and BSL monitoring. This case highlights the complexity of GSD-IIIa as well as provides a proposed plan for management during pregnancy.
Racial Differences in Nontraditional Risk Factors Associated with Cardiovascular Conditions in Pregnancy among U.S. Women Veterans; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular (CV) conditions are important predictors of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Nontraditional factors, such as depression and chronic stress, have been associated with CVD, but their role in pregnancy-related CVD conditions (pCVD) remains unknown. To determine the association between nontraditional factors and CV conditions in pregnancy, and to explore if this risk varies by race. Methods: Using data from a prospective study of pregnant women within the veterans affairs health system (COMFORT study), we described the prevalence of nontraditional factors (e.g., depression, post-Traumatic stress disorder [PTSD], chronic stress) and used logistic regression to determine the association between nontraditional factors and pregnancy-related CV conditions (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestation diabetes, or preterm delivery). Analyses were then stratified by race. Results: Among 706 enrollees, 26% had pregnancy-related CV conditions. These women had significantly higher rates of depression (62% vs. 45%, p < 0.01), anxiety (50% vs. 37%, p = 0.01), PTSD (44% vs. 29%, p < 0.01), and high stress levels before pregnancy (22% vs. 16%, p = 0.05) compared with women with normal pregnancies. Overall, these factors were not associated with increased adjusted odds of pCVD. Overall, Black women had disproportionately higher rates of prepregnancy hypertension compared with White women (22% vs. 6%, p < 0.01). Conclusions: Women Veterans with pCVD are a high-risk group for future CVD, with disproportionately high rates of depression, anxiety, PTSD, and chronic stress. Racial disparities exist in pregnancy-related CV risk factors, which may further compound existing racial disparities in CVD among women Veterans.
HALF A CENTURY SURVIVING WITH A SHRAPNEL WITHIN THE BRAIN; Introduction: Porencephaly is a rare, genetic or acquired cerebral malformation characterised by an intracerebral fluid-filled cyst or cavity with or without communication between the ventricle and subarachnoid space (National Organization for Rare Disorders [NORD], n.d.). The term 'porencephaly', from the Latin word porus, meaning 'communication' was first introduced by Heschl in 1859 to describe clefts or cavities in the cerebral mantle (National Institutes of Health, n.d.). The more common etiologic factors are encephalomalacia of brain parenchyma due to ischemic or hemorrhagic insults, infections or traumatic brain injury (TBI). It may be congenital. Clinical manifestations depend on location and severity and may include hemiparesis, seizures, intellectual disability and dystonia. Surviving half a century with a porencephaly due to shrapnel within the brain accompanied by psychosis is possibly the rarest condition in medical history. Methodology: A 65-year-old woman presented with suffering self-talk, hearing unknown voices, odd behaviour and suspiciousness. According to the patient attendant, half a century ago, during the Liberation War of Bangladesh, one of the mortar shells accidentally exploded in their backyard. Unfortunately, at that time, a few pieces of shrapnel penetrated her head. She lost consciousness and cannot remember the details of her treatment. For the last 50 years, she has led a normal life except movement difficulties and weaknesses of the left upper and lower limbs. For the last few years, she has been suffering from headaches, dizziness, vomiting. Last few months she gradually developed insomnia, forgetfulness, fearfulness, self-talk and odd behaviour. Two months prior to the presentation, she drank some insecticide. She complains about hearing unknown voices, which are also talking about her. She often suspects family members and claims that they were conspiring to kill her. The patient has a history of 2-3 convulsions in the last 50 years, but she did not take any medication for convulsion. As her psychotic behaviour worsened, her family members took her to a psychiatrist for treatment. An X-ray skull was advised and surprisingly revealed a metallic foreign body (shrapnel) lodged within her skull. Furthermore, her computed tomography (CT) brain scan showed an artefact (shrapnel) at the right frontal lobe together with encephalomalacia of the parietal and frontal lobe creating a huge cyst in the right cerebral hemisphere. The patient and her attendant were unaware of the shrapnel within her brain. She has prescribed risperidone (2 mg/day) and her psychosis was controlled. Diagnosis of porencephaly: Porencephaly is diagnosed by CT imaging, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or ultrasonography. Treatment: Treatment of porencephaly is supportive, which may include physical therapy, medication for seizures and the placement of a shunt in the brain to remove excess fluid. Result: Porencephaly may present with psychosis. TBI is one cause of porencephaly. Symptoms and prognosis of porencephaly are variables depending on the location and extent of the porencephalic cysts or cavities within the brain. Conclusion: Porencephaly followed by TBI is a rare condition. Surviving 50 years with shrapnel within the brain, along with encephaloclastic porencephaly and psychotic presentation, is possibly the rarest condition in the world. There are very few case studies available in scientific journals. Porencephaly may be classified as sporadic or familial. Sporadic porencephaly usually results from stroke damage, infection before after birth, trauma, maternal disease or sickness, maternal diabetes or maternal use of alcohol or drugs such as cocaine during pregnancy (Meuwissen et al., 2011). Familial porencephaly is less common and occurs due to mutations of the COL4A1 gene, which is inherited and causes abnormal brain development (Breedveld et al., 2006). Psychotic presentation of porencephaly is also rare, with few case studies available in the scientific literature. Fifty years of survival with porencephaly due to shrapnel within the brain must be among the rarest conditions of medical science. .
Awareness of the Maternal Health Benefits of Lactation Among US Pregnant Women; INTRODUCTION: Rates of breastfeeding in the US remain suboptimal. Public health campaigns encouraging breastfeeding have focused on health benefits for infants, despite over 60 years of data demonstrating breastfeeding reduces maternal risk of breast cancer with more recent data indicating breastfeeding lowers maternal risk of ovarian cancer, diabetes, hypertension and heart disease. METHODS: To assess awareness of the effects of lactation on maternal health, we used social media to recruit a prospective cohort of US-born nulliparous women carrying a singleton pregnancy of 28+ weeks' gestation in 2021. Participants were compensated a $20 gift card for completing an online survey. Institutional review board (IRB) approval was obtained. RESULTS: Of 152 respondents, a family history of breast cancer (9%), diabetes (23%), hypertension (26%), and heart disease (9%) was reported by some; fewer (5%) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (2%), and 76% were college educated. Most respondents were aware that breastfeeding benefits infant health; 23% strongly (and 42% somewhat) felt that breastfed babies are healthier than formula fed babies. Most (91%) believed breastfeeding will save their family money. Most strongly (67%) or somewhat (23%) agreed that breastfeeding their baby was important. However, fewer than half were aware that breastfeeding lowers maternal risk of breast cancer (47%), ovarian cancer (32%), diabetes (25%), and hypertension or heart disease (28%). CONCLUSION: Few US pregnant women are aware of the maternal health benefits of breastfeeding. Counseling pregnant women about the beneficial effects of lactation on maternal, in addition to infant, health may help increase breastfeeding rates.
Characteristics and Outcomes Associated With COVID-19 Infection in Pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: Data on COVID-19 in pregnancy are skewed toward infection at time of labor and delivery, and few studies have controlled for confounding variables. We aimed to explore the sociodemographic and health risk factors for COVID-19 at any point in pregnancy and its impact on maternal outcomes in a diverse cohort during the first year of the pandemic. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data abstracted from the electronic medical record within Kaiser Permanente Mid-Atlantic States, an integrated health care system, from March 15, 2020, to March 15, 2021. We included women at least 15 years old and pregnant during that timeframe, comparing those who tested positive for COVID-19 to those who did not.We usedmultivariable logistic regression to identify risk factors for COVID-19 infection during pregnancy.We then used propensity score matching to create a comparison group to explore associations between infection and key outcomes. RESULTS: Among 18,285 pregnant members, 1,036 (5.7%) tested positive for COVID-19 during pregnancy, with 26%, 31%, and 43%, respectively, diagnosed in each trimester of pregnancy. Patients with COVID-19 were more likely to be young, Latina, obese, and multiparous; being White or Asian was protective (P<.001). Patients with COVID-19 during pregnancy were more likely to be hospitalized apart from delivery (P=.029). There were no significant differences in fetal demise, cesarean delivery, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, venous thromboembolism, postpartum readmission, or maternal death between groups. CONCLUSION: Our study was consistent with previously identified disparities in COVID-19 infection. Outcome data were surprisingly reassuring.
Pre-pregnancy migraine and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes; Objective: To longitudinally examine associations between pre-pregnancy migraine, aura phenotype, and risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Background: Migraine is a highly prevalent (10-20%) neurovascular disorder that is two to three times more common in reproductive-age women than similarly aged men. Migraine and adverse pregnancy outcomes share common pathophysiology, and both are associated with coronary heart disease and stroke. Findings of some case-control and retrospective studies suggest that migraine and adverse pregnancy outcomes may be linked, but large prospective studies are lacking. Further, prior prospective studies lacked information on aura, the migraine phenotype most strongly associated with vascular risk. Design/Methods: We estimated associations of self-reported physician-diagnosed pre-pregnancy migraine with preterm delivery (<37 weeks), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and low birthweight (<5.5 lbs) among incident pregnancies in the longitudinal Nurses' Health Study 2 (n=30,555; 1989-2009). Relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using log-binomial regression that accounted for multiple pregnancies per participant. Results: In models adjusted for age, adiposity, and other behavioral and health factors, women with pre-pregnancy migraine (11%) exhibited higher risks of preterm delivery (RR=1.17; 95% CI=1.05-1.30), gestational hypertension (RR=1.28; 95% CI=1.11-1.48), and preeclampsia (RR=1.40; 95% CI=1.19-1.65) compared to women without pre-pregnancy migraine. Pre-pregnancy migraine was not associated with low birthweight (RR=0.99; 95% CI=0.85-1.16) or GDM (RR=1.05; 95% CI=0.91-1.22). Compared to women without pre-pregnancy migraine, risk of preeclampsia was somewhat higher among women with migraine with aura (RR=1.51; 95% CI=1.22-1.88) than those with migraine without aura (RR=1.29; 95% CI=1.04-1.61). Risks of other adverse pregnancy outcomes did not differ by aura phenotype. Conclusions: In this large, prospective study, pre-pregnancy migraine was associated with higher risks of preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. Migraine with aura was associated with a somewhat higher risk of preeclampsia. Migraine history and phenotype may be important considerations in obstetric risk assessment and management.
Obstetric outcomes during delivery hospitalizations among obese pregnant women in the United States; The rates of both maternal and fetal adverse outcomes increase significantly with higher body mass index. The aim of this study was to calculate national estimates of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes and associated hospitalization cost among obese pregnant women using a national database. This study was a retrospective analysis of data retrieved from Nationwide Inpatient Sample database, collected during 2010-2014. The primary outcomes of this study were adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, hospital length of stay, and hospitalization cost. There was a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among obese women. Obese women were more likely to have cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.70, 95% CI 1.62-1.79) and labor inductions (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 1.42-1.60), greater length of stay after cesarean deliveries (aOR 1.14, 95% CI 1.08-1.36) and vaginal deliveries (aOR 1.48, 95% CI 1.23-1.77). They were also more likely to have pregnancy-related hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, premature rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, venous thromboembolism, excessive fetal growth, and fetal distress. Obese pregnant women had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes, which substantially increased the hospital and economic burden. Risk stratification of pregnant patients based on obesity could also help obstetricians to make better clinical decisions and improve patient outcomes.
Investigation and Application of Risk Factors of Macrosomia Based on 10,396 Chinese Pregnant Women; Objective: The objective of this study was to examine the association of fetal macrosomia with maternal D-dimer and blood lipid levels, and explore whether D-dimer and blood lipids, either alone or in combination with traditional risk factors at hospital birth, could be used to predict subsequent delivery of macrosomia. Methods: From April 2016 to March 2017, 10,396 women with singleton pregnancy giving birth at around 28–41 weeks of gestation were recruited into the present study. D-dimer and blood lipid levels were measured at hospital admission; and data on birth outcomes were obtained from hospital records. Results: Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that D-dimer, triglyceride and HDL-C levels were significantly associated with risk of macrosomia independent of traditional risk factors (for D-dimer: adjusted OR: 1.33, 95% CI, 1.23–1.43; for triglyceride: adjusted OR: 1.14, 95% CI, 1.05–1.23; for HDL-C: adjusted OR: 0.35, 95% CI, 0.24–0.51, all P <0.01). More importantly, incorporating D-dimer and blood lipids into the traditional model significantly increased the area under curve (AUC) for prediction of macrosomia (0.783 vs. 0.811; P <0.01). Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that maternal D-dimer, triglyceride, and HDL-C levels before hospital birth could be significant and independent of risk factors of fetal macrosomia. Therefore, combining D-dimer and blood lipid levels with traditional risk factors might improve the ability to predict macrosomia in gestational diabetes mellitus and normal pregnancies.
Is the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with pre-eclampsia modified by very low or very high offspring birth weight? A nationwide cohort study in Norway; Objectives To examine whether the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women with pre-eclampsia is modified by very low or very high offspring birth weight. Further, we studied whether diabetes in pregnancy modified this risk. Design Nationwide cohort study. Setting Norwegian population registries. Participants 618 644 women who gave birth to their first child during 1980-2009. Methods The women were followed from delivery until the development of CVD or censoring, by linkage of the Medical Birth Registry of Norway to the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project, and the Norwegian Cause of Death Registry. Primary outcome measure: CVD. Results Compared with normotensive women with normal offspring birth weight, women with pre-eclampsia had increased risk of CVD (HR 2.16; 95% CI 2.05 to 2.26). The CVD risk was even higher when pre-eclampsia was accompanied with a large for gestational age offspring (LGA, z-score >2.0) (HR 2.57; 95% CI 2.08 to 3.18). Women with pre-eclampsia and a small for gestational age offspring (SGA, z-score <-2.0) had an HR of 1.54 (95% CI 1.23 to 1.93) compared with normotensive women with normal offspring birth weight. Also, women with diabetes had increased CVD risk, but no additional risk associated with an LGA or SGA offspring. Conclusions Women with pre-eclampsia and an LGA offspring had higher risk of CVD than pre-eclamptic women with a normal weight (z-score -2.0 to 2.0) or SGA offspring. These findings suggest that factors causing pre-eclampsia and an LGA offspring are also linked to development of CVD.
Serum metabolomic signatures of gestational diabetes in South Asian and white European women; Introduction This study aimed to identify serum metabolomic signatures associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and to examine if ethnic-specific differences exist between South Asian and white European women. Research design and methods Prospective cohort study with a nested case-control analysis of 600 pregnant women from two Canadian birth cohorts; using an untargeted approach, 63 fasting serum metabolites were measured and analyzed using multisegment injection-capillary electrophoresis-mass spectrometry. Multivariate logistic regression modeling was conducted overall and by cohort. Results The proportion of women with GDM was higher in South Asians (27.1%) compared with white Europeans (17.9%). Several amino acid, carbohydrate, and lipid pathways related to GDM were common to South Asian and white European women. Elevated circulating concentrations of glutamic acid, propionylcarnitine, tryptophan, arginine, 2-hydroxybutyric acid, 3-hydroxybutyric acid, and 3-methyl-2-oxovaleric acid were associated with higher odds of GDM, while higher glutamine, ornithine, oxoproline, cystine, glycine with lower odds of GDM. Per SD increase in glucose concentration, the odds of GDM increased (OR=2.07, 95% CI 1.58 to 2.71), similarly for metabolite ratios: glucose to glutamine (OR=2.15, 95% CI 1.65 to 2.80), glucose to creatinine (OR=1.79, 95% CI 1.39 to 2.32), and glutamic acid to glutamine (OR=1.46, 95% CI 1.16 to 1.83). South Asians had higher circulating ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine, compared with white Europeans. Conclusions We identified a panel of serum metabolites implicated in GDM pathophysiology, consistent in South Asian and white European women. The metabolic alterations leading to larger ratios of glucose to glutamine, glucose to creatinine, arginine to ornithine, and citrulline to ornithine in South Asians likely reflect the greater burden of GDM among South Asians compared with white Europeans.
Population-Based Study of Nonelective Postpartum Readmissions in Women with Stroke, Migraine, Multiple Sclerosis, and Myasthenia Gravis; Objective To compare maternal obstetric complications and nonelective readmissions in women with common neurologic comorbidities (WWN) vs women without neurologic disorders. Methods We performed a retrospective cohort study of index characteristics and acute postpartum, nonelective rehospitalizations from the 2015–2017 National Readmissions Database using ICD-10 codes. Wald χ2 testing compared baseline demographic, hospital, and clinical characteristics and postpartum complications between WWN (including previous stroke, migraine, multiple sclerosis [MS], and myasthenia gravis [MG]) and controls. Multivariable logistic regression models examined odds of postpartum complications and nonelective readmissions within 30 and 90 days for each neurologic comorbidity compared to controls (α = 0.05). Results A total of 7,612 women with previous stroke, 83,430 women with migraine, 6,760 women with MS, 843 women with MG, and 8,136,335 controls met the criteria for index admission after viable infant delivery. WWN were more likely than controls to have inpatient diagnoses of edema, proteinuria, or hypertensive disorders and to have received maternal care for poor fetal growth. The adjusted odds of a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention severe maternal morbidity indicator were greater for women with previous stroke (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 8.53, 95% CI 7.24–10.06), migraine (AOR 2.04, 95% CI 1.85–2.26), and MG (AOR 4.45, 95% CI 2.45–8.08) (all p < 0.0001). Readmission rates at 30 and 90 days for WWN were higher than for controls (30 days: previous stroke 2.9%, migraine 1.7%, MS 1.8%, MG 4.3%, controls 1.1%; 90 days: previous stroke 3.7%, migraine 2.5%, MS 5.1%, MG 6.0%, controls 1.6%). Women with MG had the highest adjusted odds of readmission (30 days: AOR 3.96, 95% CI 2.37–6.65, p < 0.0001; 90 days: AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.88–5.78, p < 0.0001). Discussion WWN may be at higher risk of severe maternal morbidity at the time of index delivery and postpartum readmission. More real-world evidence is needed to develop research infrastructure and create efficacious interventions to optimize maternal–fetal outcomes in WWN, especially for women with previous stroke or MG.
Assisted Reproductive Technology Outcomes in Women With Heart Disease; Background: Women with infertility and heart disease (HD) are increasingly seeking assisted reproductive technology (ART). There is only one other study that examines the safety profile of ART in this population. This study aims to evaluate the cardiac, reproductive, and obstetric outcomes of ART in women with HD. Methods: We conducted a retrospective case-control study of women with underlying congenital or acquired HD who underwent ART at a single University fertility center from 1/2010–3/2019. Women undergoing in-vitro fertilization (IVF), oocyte cryopreservation (OC) or embryo banking (EB) with HD were included. Cases were matched 3:1 with age-, cycle type- and cycle start date- matched controls without HD. Outcomes included cardiovascular (CV), reproductive, and obstetric complications during or following ART. Results: Twenty women with HD were included. 15 (75%) had congenital HD, 1 (5%) had valvular disease, 1 (5%) had acquired cardiomyopathy, and 3 (15%) had arrhythmias. 90% were New York Heart Association class I. 55% of HD cases were modified WHO (mWHO) risk classification 1-2, 40% were mWHO 2-3 or 3, 5% were mWHO 4. Cases underwent 25 IVF, 5 OC, and 5 EB cycles and were compared with 79 controls who underwent 174 cycles. No CV complications or deaths occurred amongst cases following ART or pregnancy. There was no difference in risk of ART or obstetric outcomes amongst cases versus controls. Conclusion: For women with HD in this small, low -risk cohort, ART posed few risks that were similar in frequency to healthy controls.
Prediction of successful vaginal birth after cesarean in women with diabetic disorders and no prior vaginal delivery; Objective: To study the factors associated with successful trial of labor after cesarean (TOLAC) among women with diabetes and no prior vaginal delivery and compare with TOLAC in nondiabetic women. Methods: A retrospective study including all women undergoing TOLAC who had no prior vaginal delivery between March 2011 and June 2020 at Sheba Medical Center. Women with diabetic disorders were compared with those without. Multivariate regression analysis was performed to identify factors independently associated with TOLAC success. Results: Of 2144 deliveries with TOLAC, 163 (7.6%) were to women with a diabetic disorder. TOLAC success rate was comparable between diabetic and nondiabetic women (124 [76.1%] vs 1513 [76.4%], respectively; P = 0.931). Uterine rupture rate was 1.1% (23 out of 2144). Among women with diabetes the uterine rupture rate was 0.6% (1 out of 163) and did not differ between the success or fail TOLAC groups. Multivariate logistic regression showed that epidural anesthesia and cervical effacement were the only independent factors associated with TOLAC success in women with diabetes (adjusted OR 3.32; 95% CI, 1.31–8.69, P = 0.011 and aOR 1.04; 95% CI, 1.01–1.07, P = 0.007, respectively). Conclusion: TOLAC in women with diabetes with no prior vaginal delivery has a high success rate. Epidural analgesia is the only modifiable independent predictor of TOLAC success.
Fetal neuromaturation in late gestation is affected by maternal sleep disordered breathing and sleep disruption in pregnant women with obesity; Objective: Maternal sleep disordered breathing and sleep disruption have adverse effects on pregnancy outcomes through multiple potential pathophysiologic pathways. We hypothesize that disordered maternal sleep also adversely impacts the neuromaturation of the fetus. Methods: Participants in this prospective observational study included 102 obese pregnant women (pre-pregnancy body mass index [BMI] of 30 or higher) at 36 weeks of pregnancy. Fetal neuromaturation, defined through measures of fetal heart rate variability, motor activity, and motor-cardiac coupling, was quantified through digitized fetal actocardiography during an afternoon recording. Maternal sleep measures were collected overnight through polysomnography. Data analysis focused on multiple regression, controlling for maternal BMI, blood pressure, and diabetes. Results: Indicators of higher sleep disordered breathing were associated with delayed fetal neuromaturation and greater fetal motor activity. Less maternal sleep disruption (shorter rapid eye movement [REM] latency, more REM sleep, and/or fewer transitions) was associated with higher fetal heart rate variability and coupling-based neuromaturation. Conclusion: Characteristics of disordered maternal sleep affect the developing fetal nervous system. It is unknown whether these results extend to populations that are not characterized by obesity. The influence of maternal sleep on the developing fetal nervous system has been understudied and may yield effects that persist beyond pregnancy.
Uterine rupture during pregnancy: The URIDA (uterine rupture international data acquisition) study; Objective: To describe the characteristics and peripartum outcomes of patients diagnosed with uterine rupture (UR) by an observational cohort retrospective study on 270 patients. Methods: Demographic information, surgical history, symptoms, and postoperative outcome of women and neonates after UR were collected in a large database. The statistical analysis searched for correlation between UR, previous uterine interventions, fibroids, and the successive perinatal outcomes in women with previous UR. Results: Uterine rupture was significantly associated with previous uterine surgery, occurring, on average, at 36 weeks of pregnancy in women also without previous uterine surgery. UR did not rise exponentially with an increasing number of uterine operations. Fibroids were related to UR. The earliest UR occurred at 159 days after hysteroscopic myomectomy, followed by laparoscopic myomectomy (251 days) and laparotomic myomectomy (253 days). Fertility preservation was feasible in several women. Gestational age and birth weight seemed not to be affected in the subsequent pregnancy. Conclusion: Data analysis showed that previous laparoscopic and abdominal myomectomies were associated with UR in pregnancy, and hysteroscopic myomectomy was associated at earlier gestational ages. UR did not increase exponentially with an increasing number of previous scars. UR should not be considered a contraindication to future pregnancies.
Telehealth delivery of motivational interviewing for diabetes management: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials; Objectives: The objective of this systematic review was to explore and report the evidence and gaps in the literature for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) studying the effects of motivational interviewing (MI)-based telehealth interventions on outcomes among persons with diabetes (PWD) or prediabetes. Methods: Following a modified Cochrane approach, we searched Pubmed, CENTRAL, CINAHL, PsycINFO, and Clinicaltrials.gov. Included studies were RCTs published in English before March 25, 2021 evaluating MI-based telehealth on outcomes for adults with diabetes or prediabetes. Results: A total of 21 retained articles captured results for 6436 PWD. Among the most commonly investigated outcomes, 60% of articles documented A1C reductions (ranging from<1% to>3%), 56% documented systolic blood pressure reductions, 57% documented diabetes self-efficacy/empowerment improvements, and 40% documented physical activity improvements. Conversely, diastolic blood pressure, lipid panels, body mass index, depressive symptoms, and quality of life were frequently measured outcomes, where MI-based telehealth yielded minor effects (<30% of articles demonstrating improvements). Conclusions: MI-based telehealth seems most effective for improving A1C, systolic blood pressure, diabetes self-efficacy, and physical activity behaviors. Variability in outcome assessment and intervention heterogeneity were key challenges impeding comparisons across retained articles. Practice implications: MI-based telehealth interventions demonstrate promising results for improving outcomes in PWD.
Assessment of glycaemic status in adult hospital patients for the detection of undiagnosed diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; Aim: In-hospital blood glucose testing is commonplace, particularly in acute care. In-hospital screening for hyperglycaemia may present a valuable opportunity for early diabetes diagnosis by identifying at-risk individuals. This systematic review investigates the extent to which random blood glucose testing in acute and inpatient hospital settings predicts undiagnosed diabetes. Methods: Two databases were systematically searched for studies in which adult patients received an in-hospital random blood glucose test, followed by a diagnostic HbA1c test. The primary outcome was the proportion of hyperglycaemic individuals diagnosed with diabetes by HbA1c. Results: A total of 3245 unique citations were identified, and 12 were eligible for inclusion. Ten different blood glucose thresholds, ranging from 5.5 to 11.1 mmol/L, were used to detect hyperglycaemia, indicating that there is no consistent clinical definition for hyperglycaemia. The proportion of participants with hyperglycaemia in each study ranged from 3.3% to 62.1%, with a median (Q1, Q3) of 34.5% (5.95%, 61.1%). The proportion of hyperglycaemic participants found to have a diabetes-range HbA1c varied from 4.1% to 90%, with a median (Q1, Q3) of 18.9% (11.5%, 61.1%). Meta-analysis was not possible due to substantial heterogeneity between study protocols. Conclusions: All studies consistently identified a proportion of hyperglycaemic hospital patients as having a diabetes-range HbA1c, showing that in-hospital blood glucose screening can facilitate diabetes diagnosis. The proportion of hyperglycaemic participants with undiagnosed diabetes varied substantially, indicating a need for further research and consistency in defining in-hospital hyperglycaemia. This may aid the development of a standardised screening protocol to identify people with possible undiagnosed diabetes.
Pregnancy Complications in Women with Weight Loss Surgery Compared to a Non-Surgical Population of Women with Obesity; Background: The objective of this study was to assess the effect of WLS on pregnancy and delivery complications in women who had WLS compared to women with obesity who did not undergo WLS. Methods: We used the National Inpatient Sample data from 2012 to 2017, with a study population of women between the ages of 20 and 44 who had a maternal admission code in the NIS data (n = 663,795). Weighted logistic regression models were fitted and the models were stratified by race. Covariates included age, race, primary payer, previous cesarean delivery, physical health comorbidities, and depression. Results: There were decreased odds of gestational diabetes in women of all races (aORall = 0.47, 95% CIall = 0.44–0.49). There were decreased odds for gestational hypertension in women of all races (aORall = 0.55, 95% CIall = 0.51–0.59). Compared to women who did not have WLS, there were lower odds of cesarean delivery among women with a history of WLS (aORall = 0.62, 95% CIall = 0.60–0.65), which was true for White women, Black women, and Latinas with a history of WLS (aORWhite = 0.57, 95% CIWhite = 0.53–0.60; aORBlack = 0.67, 95% CIBlack = 0.61–0.74; aORLatina = 0.71, 95% CILatina = 0.64–0.78). Conclusions: Overall, women with history of WLS had lower odds of most of the pregnancy outcomes (gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and cesarean delivery) with results mediated by race. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Impact of spexin on metabolic diseases and inflammation: An updated minireview; Spexin (SPX) is a 14 amino acid length peptide hormone which was discovered using bioinformatic tools. It is extensively expressed in central and peripheral tissues and secreted into circulation in response to metabolic stress. Recent studies revealed that SPX acts as a multifunctional peptide in various metabolic processes such as body weight, food intake, energy balance, glucose and lipid metabolism, lipid storage, salt–water balance, and arterial blood pressure. Endogenous SPX is sensitive to metabolic changes, and circulating levels of SPX have been shown to be reduced in chronic diseases such as obesity, diabetes, and insulin resistance. Moreover, in fish and rodent models, systemic SPX treatment has positive effects on metabolism including reduced food intake, fat mass, lipid accumulation, and inflammation, improved insulin sensitivity, energy expenditure, and organ functions which are underlying mechanisms in diseases. Taken together, these findings suggest that SPX is a potential drug target for the development of new pharmacological strategies to cure metabolic diseases. This review focuses on metabolo-protective properties of SPX and discusses novel insights into the biology and mechanism of SPX in the pathogenesis of diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, metabolic syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, cardiovascular diseases, and kidney diseases, which are considerable global health problems.
Risk factors for recurrence during a pregnancy following a first venous thromboembolism: A French observational study; Background: Women with a previous venous thromboembolism (VTE) are at risk of recurrence during pregnancy. Objectives: We aimed to assess the incidence rate of recurrent VTE during pregnancy, according to the period of pregnancy, and the clinical parameters associated with recurrence, in a prospective cohort of women of childbearing age after a first VTE. Patients/Methods: A total of 189 women aged 15–49 years with a first documented VTE were followed until a subsequent pregnancy of at least 20 weeks’ gestation between 2000 and 2020. VTE recurrences during pregnancy were recorded, as were potential clinical risk factors for recurrence. Results: Recurrent VTE occurred in six women during antepartum: five during the first trimester (incidence rate 106.4 per 1000 women-years) (95% confidence interval [CI] 46.3–226.0); none during the second trimester; and one during the third trimester (incidence rate 27.0 per 1000 women-years [95% CI 4.8–138.2]). During postpartum, recurrences occurred in 11 women (incidence rate 212.8 per 1000 women-years [95% CI 119.9–349.1]). These 17 recurrent VTEs presented as pulmonary embolism ± deep vein thrombosis (DVT) in five patients and isolated DVT in 12. Failure of thromboprophylaxis occurred in two cases (33.3%) antepartum and in 10 cases (90.9%) postpartum. In multivariable analysis, only obesity (defined on prepregnancy body mass index) was associated with recurrent VTE (odds ratio 3.34 [95% CI 1.11–10.05, p =.03]). Conclusions: This study confirms a high risk of recurrent VTE postpartum, despite thromboprophylaxis, in women with a previous VTE. Only obesity was associated with VTE recurrence during pregnancy, suggesting that low-dose anticoagulation might not be appropriate in obese pregnant women.
Understanding exposures and latent disease risk within the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences Superfund Research Program; Understanding the health effects of exposures when there is a lag between exposure and the onset of disease is an important and challenging topic in environmental health research. The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) Superfund Basic Research and Training Program (SRP) is a National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant program that uses a multidisciplinary approach to support biomedical and environmental science and engineering research. Because of the multidisciplinary nature of the program, SRP grantees are well-positioned to study exposure and latent disease risk across humans, animal models, and various life stages. SRP-funded scientists are working to address the challenge of connecting exposures that occur early in life and prior to conception with diseases that manifest much later, including developing new tools and approaches to predict how chemicals may affect long-term health. Here, we highlight research from the SRP focused on understanding the health effects of exposures with a lag between exposure and the onset of the disease as well as provide future directions for addressing knowledge gaps for this highly complex and challenging topic. Advancing the knowledge of latency to disease will require a multidisciplinary approach to research, the need for data sharing and integration, and new tools and computation approaches to make better predications about the timing of disease onset. A better understanding of exposures that may contribute to later-life diseases is essential to supporting the implementation of prevention and intervention strategies to reduce or modulate exposures to reduce disease burden.
Management of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in a Newborn with Dextro-Transposition of the Great Arteries; Impaired maternal glucose metabolism during pregnancy can have significant effects on the cardiovascular system of the developing fetus. Early in pregnancy the teratogenic effects may lead to structural heart defects, while later in gestation a form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can develop due to overgrowth driven by fetal hyperinsulinism. We describe an infant with the uncommon combination of both dextro-transposition of the great arteries and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We emphasize the importance of a longitudinal multi-disciplinary approach, from fetal diagnosis to post-operative management, that allowed for an excellent outcome in this rare combination of severe cardiac malformations.
The Critical Role of the Branched Chain Amino Acids (BCAAs) Catabolism-Regulating Enzymes, Branched-Chain Aminotransferase (BCAT) and Branched-Chain α-Keto Acid Dehydrogenase (BCKD), in Human Pathophysiology; Branched chain amino acids (BCAAs), leucine, isoleucine and valine, are essential amino acids widely studied for their crucial role in the regulation of protein synthesis mainly through the activation of the mTOR signaling pathway and their emerging recognition as players in the regulation of various physiological and metabolic processes, such as glucose homeostasis. BCAA supplementation is primarily used as a beneficial nutritional intervention in chronic liver and kidney disease as well as in muscle wasting disorders. However, downregulated/upregulated plasma BCAAs and their defective catabolism in various tissues, mainly due to altered enzymatic activity of the first two enzymes in their catabolic pathway, BCAA aminotransferase (BCAT) and branched-chain α-keto acid dehydrogenase (BCKD), have been investigated in many nutritional and disease states. The current review focused on the underlying mechanisms of altered BCAA catabolism and its contribution to the pathogenesis of a numerous pathological conditions such as diabetes, heart failure and cancer. In addition, we summarize findings that indicate that the recovery of the dysregulated BCAA catabolism may be associated with an improved outcome and the prevention of serious disease complications.
Epigenetics in Precision Nutrition; Precision nutrition is an emerging area of nutrition research, with primary focus on the individual variability in response to dietary and lifestyle factors, which are mainly determined by an individual’s intrinsic variations, such as those in genome, epigenome, and gut microbiome. The current research on precision nutrition is heavily focused on genome and gut microbiome, while epigenome (DNA methylation, non-coding RNAs, and histone modification) is largely neglected. The epigenome acts as the interface between the human genome and environmental stressors, including diets and lifestyle. Increasing evidence has suggested that epigenetic modifications, particularly DNA methylation, may determine the individual variability in metabolic health and response to dietary and lifestyle factors and, therefore, hold great promise in discovering novel markers for precision nutrition and potential targets for precision interventions. This review summarized recent studies on DNA methylation with obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, with more emphasis put in the relations of DNA methylation with nutrition and diet/lifestyle interventions. We also briefly reviewed other epigenetic events, such as non-coding RNAs, in relation to human health and nutrition, and discussed the potential role of epigenetics in the precision nutrition research.
Mediators of Amylin Action in Metabolic Control; Amylin (also called islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP)) is a pancreatic beta-cell hormone that is co-secreted with insulin in response to nutrient stimuli. The last 35 years of intensive research have shown that amylin exerts important physiological effects on metabolic control. Most importantly, amylin is a physiological control of meal-ending satiation, and it limits the rate of gastric emptying and reduces the secretion of pancreatic glucagon, in particular in postprandial states. The physiological effects of amylin and its analogs are mediated by direct brain activation, with the caudal hindbrain playing the most prominent role. The clarification of the structure of amylin receptors, consisting of the calcitonin core receptor plus receptor-activity modifying proteins, aided in the development of amylin analogs with a broad pharmacological profile. The general interest in amylin physiology and pharmacology was boosted by the finding that amylin is a sensitizer to the catabolic actions of leptin. Today, amylin derived analogs are considered to be among the most promising approaches for the pharmacotherapy against obesity. At least in conjunction with insulin, amylin analogs are also considered important treatment options in diabetic patients, so that new drugs may soon be added to the only currently approved compound pramlintide (Symlin® ). This review provides a brief summary of the physiology of amylin’s mode of actions and its role in the control of the metabolism, in particular energy intake and glucose metabolism.
Interplay between Fatty Acid Binding Protein 4, Fetuin-A, Retinol Binding Protein 4 and Thyroid Function in Metabolic Dysregulation; Signalling between the tissues integrating synthesis, transformation and utilization of energy substrates and their regulatory hormonal axes play a substantial role in the development of metabolic disorders. Interactions between cytokines, particularly liver derived hepatokines and adipokines, secreted from adipose tissue, constitute one of major areas of current research devoted to metabolic dysregulation. The thyroid exerts crucial influence on the maintenance of basal metabolic rate, thermogenesis, carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, while its dysfunction promotes the development of metabolic disorders. In this review, we discuss the interplay between three adipokines: fatty acid binding protein type 4, fetuin-A, retinol binding protein type 4 and thyroid hormones, that shed a new light onto mechanisms underlying atherosclerosis, cardiovascular complications, obesity, insulin resistance and diabetes accompanying thyroid dysfunction. Furthermore, we summarize clinical findings on those cytokines in the course of thyroid disorders.
Recent Experimental Studies of Maternal Obesity, Diabetes during Pregnancy and the Developmental Origins of Cardiovascular Disease; Globally, cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death. Most concerning is the rise in cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, diabetes and hypertension among youth, which increases the likelihood of the development of earlier and more severe cardiovascular disease. While lifestyle factors are involved in these trends, an increasing body of evidence implicates environmental exposures in early life on health outcomes in adulthood. Maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which have increased dramatically in recent years, also have profound effects on fetal growth and development. Mounting evidence is emerging that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy have lifelong effects on cardiovascular risk factors and heart disease development. However, the mechanisms responsible for these observations are unknown. In this review, we summarize the findings of recent experimental studies, showing that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy affect energy metabolism and heart disease development in the offspring, with a focus on the mechanisms involved. We also evaluate early proof-of-concept studies for interventions that could mitigate maternal obesity and gestational diabetes-induced cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring.
Fetal Interventricular Septum Volume Evaluated by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using Spatiotemporal Image Correlation and Virtual Organ Computer-Aided Analysis in Fetuses From Pre-Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnant Women; BACKGROUND: To assess the interventricular septum (IVS) volume of fetuses from pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) pregnant women by 3-dimensional ultrasound using spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods. METHODS: This was a prospective cross-sectional study of 45 fetuses from pre-gestational DM and 45 fetuses from healthy pregnant women (controls). Only singleton pregnancies between 20 and 34 + 6 weeks of gestation were included. The fetal IVS volumes were obtained off-line using STIC and VOCAL methods. To analyze differences among variables, the Student’s t-test and Mann-Whitney U test were used. The correlation among continuous variables was determine using Spearman’s correlation test (r). RESULTS: The median of fetal IVS volume was significantly higher in pre-gestational DM than in healthy pregnant women (0.3 cm3 vs. 0.2 cm3, p = 0.032). A strong positive correlation was observed between fetal IVS volume and gestational age at the time of ultrasound examination (r = 0.75, R2 = 0.48, p < 0.0001) and between fetal IVS volume and estimated fetal weight (r = 0.63, R2 = 0.37, p < 0.0001). No significant correlation was noted between fetal IVS volume and glycated hemoglobin levels (r = −0.16, R2 = 0.01, p = 0.540) in the pre-gestational DM pregnant women. CONCLUSIONS: Significant differences were observed in fetal IVS volumes between pre-gestational and healthy mothers, with higher values in the fetuses of pre-gestational DM pregnant women.
Ogilvie's syndrome after an emergency caesarean section: A case report; Ogilvie's syndrome, or acute colonic pseudo-obstruction, is a rare presentation occasionally observed postpartum, particularly following caesarean sections. Challenges in diagnosis often lead to delays in initiation of treatment, which significantly increases complications, including caecal ischaemia, perforation, sepsis and death. This case report describes the development of Ogilvie's syndrome within 24 h of an emergency caesarean section which was promptly recognised and confirmed by computed tomography, which demonstrated caecal dilatation of 9.7 cm without evidence of mechanical obstruction. An elevated level of C-reactive protein of 320 mg/L raised early clinical suspicion of caecal ischaemia, and this was managed endoscopically. Fortunately, the patient did not have any significant complications despite the high morbidity and mortality rate associated with Ogilvie's syndrome, highlighting the importance of clinician awareness and early initiation of management.
Shedding Light on the Pathophysiology of Preeclampsia-Syndrome in the Era of Cardio-Obstetrics: Role of Inflammation and Endothelial Dysfunction; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication with serious maternal and neonatal consequences worldwide. Our understanding of PE pathophysiology has significantly evolved over the last decades by recognizing that endothelial dysfunction and systemic inflammation, with an associated angiogenic imbalance, are key pieces of this incomplete puzzle. In the present era, where no single treatment to cure or treat this obstetric condition has been developed so far, PE prevention and early prediction are the most useful clinical approach to reduce the PE burden. Introduction: Although most PE episodes occur in healthy nulliparous women, the identification of specific clinical conditions that increase the risk of PE dramatically provides a critical opportunity to improve outcomes by acting on potentially reversible factors, and also contributes to better understand this pathophysiologic enigma. Methods: Pertinent studies were searched in PubMed/Medline and Google Scholar (updated August 2020) using common keywords applied in the field of preeclampsia, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. Given the design of this work as a narrative review, no formal criteria for study selection or appraisal were utilized. Conclusion: In this review, we highlight major clinical contributors of PE and shed light on their potential link with endothelial dysfunction and inflammation.
Racial Differences in Delivery Outcomes Among Women With Peripartum Cardiomyopathy; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare idiopathic cardiomyopathy associated with pregnancy that occurs more frequently among Black women. However, less is known about the association of race/ethnicity with outcomes at the time of delivery in women with PPCM. Methods: We used data from the 2016-2018 National Inpatient Sample (NIS) database to identify women with a diagnosis of PPCM based on International Classification of Diseases, 10th revision (ICD-10) codes. Using adjusted logistic regression, the association of race with PPCM and adverse cardiovascular (CV) outcomes with PPCM was evaluated across racial/ethnic groups (White, Black, Hispanic, Asian/Pacific Islander). Results: Among 11,304,996 delivery hospitalizations, PPCM was present in 8735 (0.08%). After adjusting for CV risk factors (chronic hypertension, diabetes, and obesity) and socioeconomic factors (insurance status, hospital income, and residential income), Black and Native American women had greater adjusted odds of developing PPCM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.89; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.66-2.15; aOR 1.60; 95% CI 1.02-2.50, respectively), compared with White women. In stratified analysis of CV events, however, Asian/Pacific Islander women with PPCM were the most likely to have CV complications (aOR 98; 95% CI 29-333 for pulmonary edema). Conclusions: In the US, at the time of delivery hospitalization, Black and Native American women are the most likely to develop PPCM, despite adjustment for CV and socioeconomic risk factors, but Asian women have higher odds of having CV complications.
Safe for Mother, Baby, and Graft? Pregnancy After Liver Transplant: A Single-Center Experience; Background: Although fertility is reduced in patients with liver cirrhosis, recovery of menstrual cycle is acquired after liver transplantation (LT) in most patients, and pregnancy in LT recipients is not unusual. The aim of this study was to evaluate the outcomes of pregnancies in LT recipients in our center. Methods: Data of 24 pregnancies in 14 LT recipients were collected and statistically analyzed. Demographic and clinical data were documented in each trimester of pregnancy and thereafter. The analysis was conducted in accordance with the 1975 Declaration of Helsinki and was approved by the ethics committee of the University Hospital Essen. Results: Median patient age was 21.5 years (range, 2-32 years) at LT and 31 years (range, 19-41 years) at conception. Median time between LT and conception was 126 months (range, 38-332 months), and median gestation time of completed pregnancies was 38 weeks (range, 29-40 weeks). Seven pregnancies terminated in abortions (29%). Of all deliveries, 6 resulted in preterm births (35%) with median gestation time of 34.5 weeks (range, 29-37 weeks). Gestational diabetes mellitus was the most common maternal complication, occurring in 4 patients (17%). One patient suffered from preeclampsia (4%). Pregnancy-induced hypertension or acute cellular rejection was not reported in our cohort. None of the children had serious complications. Conclusions: Our data show favorable outcome for pregnancy in LT recipients for mother and offspring. However, these patients are still at risk, particularly regarding high rates of preterm delivery, and preconception counseling and multidisciplinary monitoring are crucial to manage possible complications.
Maternal and Gestational Risk Factors of Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia; Background and Aim: The incidence of congenital diaphrag-matic hernias (CDHs) is high in the Maltese islands, but lit-tle is known about their association with maternal risk factors. A nationwide study in a country where abortion is still illegal allowed access to more data. This study was conducted to shed light on the possible risk factors in the development of CDH. Materials and Methods: This population-based, retrospective study assessed the data of CDH cases from 1993 to 2016, which were collected from the Directorate of Health Information and Research (Malta). χ2 test was done to examine the associations between the cases and controls. Results: Between 1993 and 2016, 55 cases of CDH were reported. The cases made up 0.0644% of the total births during that period. Advanced maternal age was more likely in CDH cases (P = .01). In 18.2% of the neonates with CDH, the birth weight was 1500 to 2499 g, while only 6.2% of the control group neonates had a birth weight in this range (P < .001). There was no statistically significant association between CDH (54.5%) and the neonates’ sex (50.9%) (P = .404) and CDH (3.6%) and plural births (1.3%) (P = .333). Conclusions: CDH was found to be associated with advanced maternal age and low birth weight. Also, CDH increases the risk of other congenital anomalies.
Genome-Wide De Novo Variants in Congenital Heart Disease Are Not Associated With Maternal Diabetes or Obesity; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common anomaly at birth, with a prevalence of ≈1%. While infants born to mothers with diabetes or obesity have a 2- to 3-fold increased incidence of CHD, the cause of the increase is unknown. Damaging de novo variants (DNV) in coding regions are more common among patients with CHD, but genome-wide rates of coding and noncoding DNVs associated with these prenatal exposures have not been studied in patients with CHD. Methods: DNV frequencies were determined for 1812 patients with CHD who had whole-genome sequencing and prenatal history data available from the Pediatric Cardiac Genomics Consortium's CHD GENES study (Genetic Network). The frequency of DNVs was compared between subgroups using t test or linear model. Results: Among 1812 patients with CHD, the number of DNVs per patient was higher with maternal diabetes (76.5 versus 72.1, t test P=3.03×10-11), but the difference was no longer significant after including parental ages in a linear model (paternal and maternal correction P=0.42). No interaction was observed between diabetes risk and parental age (paternal and maternal interaction P=0.80 and 0.68, respectively). No difference was seen in DNV count per patient based on maternal obesity (72.0 versus 72.2 for maternal body mass index <25 versus maternal body mass index >30, t test P=0.86). Conclusions: After accounting for parental age, the offspring of diabetic or obese mothers have no increase in DNVs compared with other children with CHD. These results emphasize the role for other mechanisms in the cause of CHD associated with these prenatal exposures. Registration: URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov; NCT01196182.
Comparison of pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of intracytoplasmic sperm injection performed with frozen versus fresh testicular sperm; Background: It remains controversial whether there is a difference in the prognosis of intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) using frozen or fresh testicular sperm in patients with obstructive azoospermia (OA). Moreover, in the available studies, few have tracked neonatal outcomes. This study aimed to compare the pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of ICSI using cryopreserved sperm versus fresh sperm collected by testicular sperm aspiration (TESA). Methods: A total of 317 OA patients treated with ICSI in a university affiliated hospital from January 2016 to December 2020 were included in this study. The participants were divided into two groups according to the type of sperm used for ICSI: frozen sperm group (n=154) and fresh sperm group (n=163). The pregnancy and neonatal outcomes of the two groups were compared. Results: The data produced by this study showed no significant statistical difference in the 2 pronuclei (2PN) fertilization rate, 2PN cleavage rate, high-quality blastocyst rate, and the average number of transferred embryos in the frozen and fresh sperm groups. Similarly, no difference was found in implantation rate, clinical pregnancy rate, multiple pregnancy rate, miscarriage rate, premature delivery rate, live birth rate, and gender ratio at birth (P>0.05). The average newborn birth weight was similar in both groups (2,932.61±728.40 vs. 3,100.32±515.64 g, respectively) (P>0.05). A higher incidence of low birthweight (LBW) newborns was found in the frozen sperm group (20.91% vs. 8.49%) (P<0.05). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed that LBW is related to single or twin pregnancies (P<0.01), but not sperm (frozen or fresh) (P>0.05). We further analyzed the twin and single pregnancies in the two groups separately, and found that the incidences of LBW were both similar (P>0.05). There was no difference in the Apgar scores at 1 min and 5 min after birth between the two groups (P>0.05). Conclusions: The use of frozen testicular sperm by TESA was efficient for men with OA. There were similar pregnancy and neonatal outcomes following TESA-ICSI using frozen or fresh sperm in this retrospective study. Prospective investigations are needed for further validation.
Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome and adverse pregnancy outcome; INTRODUCTION: The aim of this study was to investigate the association between ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome (OHSS) and adverse pregnancy outcome. EVIDENCE ACQUISITION: Medline, Embase and Cochrane databases were searched. The primary outcome was a composite score of adverse maternal outcome including either preterm birth (PTB), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), pre-eclampsia (PE) or pregnancy induced hypertension, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, thromboembolic events or need for caesarean section (CS). Secondary outcomes were a composite score of adverse fetal outcome including either miscarriage, low birthweight, fetal anomalies or intrauterine fetal death (IUD) and the individual components of both primary and secondary outcomes. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Thirteen studies (3303 ART pregnancies with and 89,720 without OHSS) were included. The risk of composite adverse maternal outcome (RR: 8.8, 95% CI: 8.1-9.5) was higher in women with compared to those without OHSS. The association between OHSS and adverse pregnancy outcome was mainly due to the higher risk of PTB (RR: 11.4, 95% CI: 10.5-12.4), while there was no difference in the risk of others primary outcome. Likewise, the risk of composite fetal outcome was higher in pregnancies with a prior OHSS (RR: 1.5, 95% CI: 1.1-2.0). The strength of association between OHSS and composite adverse maternal outcome persisted when considering singleton pregnancies or those with severe disease. CONCLUSIONS: Pregnancies complicated by OHSS are at high risk of adverse pregnancy outcome, especially PTB.
Computerized cardiotocography in singleton gestations with diabetes mellitus: a retrospective study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of computerized cardiotocography (C-CTG) in women with diabetes mellitus METHODS: This was a retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes mellitus referred to University of Naples Federico II from January 2018 to January 2020 for antenatal monitoring. Only women who underwent antenatal monitoring with C-CTG were included in the study. For the purpose of this study only the C-CTG recorded at the time of outpatient admission were analyzed. Women were divided into four groups: 1) women with diabetes mellitus type 1; 2) women with diabetes mellitus type 2; 3) women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); 4) control group without diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome of the study was the C-CTG short term variability (STV). RESULTS : A total of 298 patients were included in the study, 89 with type 1 diabetes (group 1), 27 with type 2 diabetes (group 2), 77 with GDM (group 3) and 105 controls (group 4). Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes both Type 1 and 2 compared to gestational diabetes and physiological pregnancies. The parameters of STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4. CONCLUSIONS: Fetal heart rate was statistically higher in pregnant women with pre-pregnancy diabetes, both Type 1 and 2, compared to gestational diabetes and controls. STV, APRS and DPRS were statistically lower in the pregnant group with pre-pregnancy type 1 diabetes than in type 2 and compared to group 3 and 4.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnant women with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with congenital heart disease in Beijing, China: A retrospective study; As pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with congenital heart disease (PAH-CHD) may increase maternal and fetal risk, this study explored the pregnancy outcomes of Chinese women with PAH-CHD. The clinical data of pregnant women with PAH-CHD admitted to the Beijing Anzhen Hospital from 2010 to 2019 were retrospectively analyzed; these patients and their offspring were followed up, with a mean period of 5.9 ± 2.7 years. Overall, 260 patients with PAH-CHD were included. The mean maternal age was 27.7 ± 4.1 years, and 205 (78.8%) patients were nulliparous. The estimated systolic pulmonary artery pressure was 40–50 mmHg in 34.6% of the patients, 50–70 mmHg in 23.1%, and >70 mmHg in 42.3%. More than 96% of patients were diagnosed with PAH-CHD before pregnancy. During pregnancy, heart failure occurred in 19.2% of the patients. Cesarean delivery was performed in 88.1% (15.0% emergency) of the patients. Complications included fetal distress (5.8%), preterm delivery (34.2%), and low birth weight (33.8%). A total of 15 mothers (5.8%) died, with the highest mortality rate in those with Eisenmenger syndrome (10/43, 23.3%), and 10 offspring died (3.8%), two (0.8%) following hospital discharge and eight (3.1%) while in hospital. Although most pregnant women with PAH-CHD were able to have children, PAH increased the maternal and fetal risk. Thus, an individualized risk-based approach with shared decision-making may be more appropriate in pregnant women with PAH-CHD.
A Review on Reversal of Type-2 Diabetes: Myth or Fact; Recent clinical and pathophysiological studies have shown type 2 diabetes to be generally a condition caused by surplus, yet reversible, fat accumulation in liver and pancreas. Within the liver, surplus fat worsens hepatic responsiveness to insulin leading to increased glucose yield. Within the pancreas, the beta cell appears to enter a survival mode and fails in its specialized function due to the fat-prevailed metabolic stress. Scrapping of surplus fat from these organs via substantial weight loss can normalize hepatic insulin responsiveness and, in the early vintages post-diagnosis, is associated with beta cell recovery of acute insulin stashing in numerous, perhaps byre-differentiation. Inclusively, these changes can normalize blood glucose strata. The Diabetes Remission Clinical Trial demonstrated in Primary Care that 46 of people with type 2 diabetes could achieve remittal at 12 months intervened by weight loss. This major change in our understanding of the upholding mechanisms of trouble permits a reassessment of advice for people with type 2 diabetes.
IDF21-0674 The prediabetes and gestational diabetes management: the role of lifestyle medicine in pre and post pregnancy outcomes; Background: In the women, between 24-45 y.o., during last decade, are increased the cases of undiagnosed prediabetes conditions and the gestational diabetes, lifestyle related. The diabetes education and management of related chronic conditions, in preconception and in early pregnancy, improve the quality of women's fertility and the health before and during pregnancy, and in early life. Aim: The program considered an early counselling, about antenal care, family risks of diabetes, nutritional support, obesity and weight management, hormonal balance, mental health conditions and involved the patients in a personalised solution for prevent the diabetes during pregnancy or manage the GDM and neonatal outcomes. Method: In 2018-2021 “FUTURA PROJECT” involved 440 women, divided after survey, into three groups: group 1 of 180 women with suspected prediabetes and hypertension, unhealthy lifestyle (smoke, inactivity, irregular sleep), fertility problems, group 2 of 140 women without chronic and pre diabetes conditions, but with stress, and unbalanced diet and group 3 of 120 women in pregnancy, with blood pressure problems and prenatal diabetes and GDM conditions. The program helped women in their reproductive health, with personalised program that reveals the reversible conditions of many chronic disorders due to bad lifestyle, and often undiagnosed. Particularly the diagnosis of prediabetes during preconceptional time and during early weeks of pregnancy, are often associated with hypertension and vascular risks, insulin resistance, undiagnosed genetic predisposition, weight disorders. The first part of program based on the division of three groups, after survey. The second part based on the personalised nutrition: the Mediterranean diet, with fibers, antioxidants, good fats, introducing the healthy foods with anti-inflammatory properties, and personalised physical activities planning and healthy habits management. The daily telemedicine check controls the evolution of the program. Results: The 3 groups are improved the personal lifestyle, with important results. In the group 1, after 6 months, the improvement of weight and physical activities increased the possibility of conceptions without complications, with reduction of insulin resistance, PCOS problem and oocytes' quality, and risks of endocrine disruptors. In the group 2 the health education and balanced heathy diet improved the hormonal problems, and undernutrition with hypovitaminosis (vit B group, vit. D, minerals), fundamental for the conception and early phases of fetal development. In the group 3 the management of chronic conditions improved a quality of prenatal health and the consequences of diabetes during and after pregnancy, for the mother and for the fetus, reduced risks of preeclampsia, birth defects, IUGR, hypertension, hyperglycemia post-partum, overweight during early life of children and risks of cardiovascular disease and diabetes type 2 during next 5 years in the mothers. The monitoring with telemedicine support helped or follow up and counselling during COVID-19 emergency. Discussion: The early diagnosis of prediabetes type 2 and gestational diabetes in women, with almost three risks factors as antenatal care history, overweight or obesity, fertility problems, PCOS, hypertension, unhealthy lifestyle, improve the quality of management of diabetes and its consequences in women's health, aged 24-45, and improve the women's health outcomes after birth and early life metabolic consequences.
IDF21-0485 Hyperglycaemia in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular and renal risk among Aboriginal women in Australia; Background: Around the world, First Nations peoples in countries with similar histories of colonisation experience substantial health and socioeconomic disparities. Aboriginal people in the Northern Territory (NT) of Australia have a high burden of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Rates of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, including both gestational diabetes (GDM) and pre-existing diabetes, are increasing. Internationally, GDM has been associated with future CVD, but the relationship with CKD is less clear. Pregnancy may be a valuable opportunity to evaluate and manage future cardiometabolic risk given routine diabetes screening and near universal healthcare engagement. Aim: To investigate CVD and CKD risk among Aboriginal women with GDM and pre-existing diabetes compared to those without known diabetes during pregnancy. Method: A retrospective, longitudinal cohort study was performed among Aboriginal women who gave birth from 2000 to 2016, using linked data from the NT Perinatal Data Collection and NT Hospital Inpatient Activity dataset (2000–2018). Pre-specified outcomes included hospital admissions for a composite CVD endpoint (ischaemic heart disease, stroke or peripheral vascular disease), heart failure, CKD (any stage) and end stage kidney disease (ESKD). Time-to-event analyses were undertaken using Cox proportional hazards regression (Table). Results: The cohort included 10,931 Aboriginal women. At the index pregnancy, mean age was 23.1 (SD 6.2) years, 755 (6.9%) had GDM and 241 (2.2%) had pre-existing diabetes. Median follow-up was 12.1 (IQR 7.2–15.8) years. Compared to those without diabetes, women with GDM or pre-existing diabetes had increased risk for CVD, heart failure, CKD and ESKD. [Formula presented] *Adjusted for age, hypertensive disorder, parity, remoteness and smoking during index pregnancy. Discussion: In this relatively young cohort of Aboriginal women in Australia, GDM and pre-existing diabetes in pregnancy were strongly associated with development of cardiovascular and kidney disease. Culturally appropriate post-partum strategies to reduce cardiometabolic risk should be investigated along with public health strategies that address the social determinants of health.
ROOT CAUSE ANALYSIS OF MATERNAL MORTALITY AT DR. SOETOMO GENERAL ACADEMIC HOSPITAL, SURABAYA, INDONESIA IN 2020; Maternal mortality rate in Indonesia, particularly in Dr. Soetomo General Academic Hospital is still high. Identifying the cause of maternal death is of paramount importance so that recurrence can be prevented. Root Cause Analysis (RCA) is frequently used method to determine causes of important medical events, including maternal deaths. Our aim was to identify and critically review the maternal deaths that occurred in Dr. Soetomo General Academic Hospital during 2020 using RCA method. This is a descriptive retrospective study with RCA method analyzing 69 maternal mortalities at Dr. Soetomo General Academic Hospital in 2020. Indirect maternal death was the leading cause of maternal death with 36 (52.1%) cases. Contributing factors that influence maternal mortality are organizational management, medical personnel, equipment and supplies and family barrier. In organizational level, delays of procedure in the satelite hospital accounts for the most common factor with 8 cases, while in personnel level, suboptimal care from ANC providers is the most common contributing factor (10 cases). In equipment and supplies sector, 14 cases were due to shortage of isolation ward, operating room and ICU. In family barrier sector, lack of recognition of seriousness accounts for the most common contributing factor with 39 cases. Maternal mortality at Dr. Soetomo General Academic Hospital in 2020 were mainly caused by personnel factor followed by family barrier factor with a poor unnderstanding of patient’s emergency conditions.
The Quantose Insulin Resistance Test for Maternal Insulin Resistance: A Pilot Study; Objective Insulin resistance (IR) increases during pregnancy which can lead to hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and neonatal hypoglycemia (NH), especially in obese women. Glucose tolerance testing (GTT) is used clinically to evaluate IR in pregnancy. Quantose IR score index is a novel blood screen of IR validated in nonpregnant individuals. The score is generated using an algorithm that combines insulin and three biomarkers of fatty acid pathways (α-hydroxybutyrate, oleic acid, linoleoyl-glycerophospocholine). Our objective was to determine the validity of Quantose IR test (Metabolan Inc. Morrisville, NC) in assessing IR in pregnant obese women, as compared with the homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and its ability to predict GDM and NH. Study Design Women between 10 0/7and 13 6/7weeks of gestation with a pre-pregnancy or early pregnancy body mass index more than 30 kg/m 2, and no pregestational diabetes, were included. Fasting blood samples were collected at 10 0/7to 13 6/7(T1) and 24 0/7to 28 0/7(T2) weeks. Quantose IR and HOMA-IR were calculated. All women underwent an early (T1; indicated for women with obesity) and a T2 glucose tolerance tests. GDM was diagnosed using the two-step approach, and NH was defined as a neonatal glucose less than 40 mg/dL in the first 24 hours of life. Linear regression and receiver operating characteristic curves were used for analysis. Results The trial enrolled 100 patients. Ten subjects (10%) were diagnosed with GDM in the second trimester and none in the first trimester. At T1, Quantose IR (R 2= 0.48), but not 1-hour glucose tolerance test (R 2= 0.07), correlated with HOMA-IR. Similar correlations were observed at T2. The 1-hour glucose tolerance test followed by HOMA-IR and Quantose IR (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.82, 0.68, and 0.62, respectively) were predictors of GDM. Quantose IR (AUC: 0.74) and 1-hour glucose tolerance test (AUC: 0.72) at T1 and T2 (AUC: 0.75; AUC: 0.93; respectively) were best predictors of NH. The best cut offs, sensitivities, and specificities for prediction of NH were determined. Conclusion Similar to nonpregnant individuals, Quantose IR appears to be a valid measure of IR in obese pregnant women. First trimester Quantose IR is a predictor of GDM diagnosed in the second trimester and NH. Given that it requires a single blood draw and no glucose challenge, it may be a useful test to evaluate and monitor IR in pregnancy. Our findings may be used as pilot data to explore the potential use of Quantose IR in pregnancy further. Key Points Traditional testing methods for insulin resistance in pregnancy are often performed late, are time consuming, and unpleasant to patients. The first trimester one-step Quantose IR test reflects insulin resistance in pregnancy and predicts GDM and neonatal hypoglycemia. This is the first known prospective clinical study validating Quantose IR score index in an obstetrical population at risk for developing GDM.
The BLIiNG study - Breastfeeding length and intensity in gestational diabetes and metabolic effects in a subsequent pregnancy: A cohort study; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with higher risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Breastfeeding is protective against the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. There are no data regarding the effect of breastfeeding on the development of recurrent gestational diabetes. OBJECTIVE: Investigate the relationship of previous breastfeeding duration and intensity with the recurrence of gestational diabetes, and second pregnancy glucose tolerance test results. METHODS: We conducted a questionnaire-based pilot cohort study, enrolling 210 women during a subsequent second pregnancy, after a gestational diabetes-affected first pregnancy. Models for length and intensity of breastfeeding as predictors of the oral glucose tolerance test and for diagnosis of gestational diabetes in second pregnancy were fitted and then adjusted for possible confounders. RESULTS: Recurrent gestational diabetes rate in the study cohort was 70% (n = 146). In a fully adjusted model high intensity breastfeeding was associated with a lower 2-hour glucose level on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.66 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.15-1.17]; p = 0.01) and breastfeeding greater than six months with a lower 1-hour glucose on the oral glucose tolerance test (by 0.67 mmol/L, 95% CI [0.16-1.19]; p = 0.01), compared to women who breastfed less intensively or for a shorter duration respectively. There was an 18% reduction in the risk of gestational diabetes if a woman breastfed for more than six months (RR 0.82, 95% CI [0.69-0.98]; p = 0.03). The association was attenuated in the fully adjusted model (RR 0.89, 95% CI [0.78-1.02]; p = 0.09). CONCLUSIONS AND IMPLICATIONS FOR PRACTICE: We found the risk of recurrent gestational diabetes was reduced by both increased duration and intensity of breastfeeding. Antenatal lactation education should be embedded into care pathways for women diagnosed with gestational diabetes.
Cardiovascular risk clustering and vascular phenotype associations in mothers and six-year-old children; Introduction: Cardiovascular risk factors tend to cluster and their combination seems to be more predictive for atherosclerosis development and progression. Parental cardiovascular disease increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in the offspring long term. Genetics and family-shared lifestyle contribute, but the magnitude of their influence on child vascular structure and function in early childhood is unknown. Methods: In this cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort, we studied associations of child and maternal cardiovascular risk clustering, and maternal subclinical atherosclerosis with child arterial phenotype. Dyads were evaluated at child age 6.1 ± 0.5 years with ideal cardiovascular health (ICVH - set of seven health metrics: BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composition, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), carotid-femoral and carotidradial Pulse Wave Velocity. Results: We found no association between child and maternal ICVH, but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI Z-score (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure Z-score (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child vascular phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ICVH. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic BP, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, maternal carotid intimamedia thickness (IMT) was the only independent predictor of child carotid IMT (adjusted R (2)=0.08). Child carotid IMT increased by 0.1 mm (95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001) for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid IMT. Children of mothers with subclinical atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.2 %/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid IMT (0.37 ± 0.04 vs 0.35 ± 0.04 mm, P=0.06). Conclusions: ICVH metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. Maternal carotid IMT predicts child carotid IMT, but underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood.
Extremely rare case of almost complete absence of myocardium of the left ventricle in the newborn; Introduction: We present an extremely rare case of absence of the myocardium of the left ventricle in a newborn. There is a similar pathology of the right ventricle Uhl Anomaly described, however there is a complete lack of information regarding the absence of the left one. Methods: A newborn child was admitted to the neonatal Intensive Care Unit with the clinical symptoms of respiratory distress. Child form the fourth pregnancy, born on the 37-th week of gestation by physiological delivery with the birthweight of 3400 gr, APGAR score 6\7 points. Mother was diagnosed with gestational diabetes during pregnancy and was receiving insulin (12 week). Shortly after birth child presented with respiratory distress and required administration of oxygen. On examination: severe general state, pale skin, increased work of breathing with intercostal retractions, nasal flaring, RR - 72/min, HR - 168 b/min, SpO2 - 94%. On auscultation of the lungs and heart - bronchial breathing, 4\6 systolic murmur along the left lower sternal border with palpable thrill. Abdomen was soft on palpation, liver +2 cm. A congenital heart defect was suspected, the child was placed on artificial respiration and prostaglandin and furosemide infusion was administered. Results: Paraclinical examination. ECG revealed signs of the left ventricular hypertrophy, Sever cardiomegaly on chest roentgenography. On 2D Echocardiogram: enlargement of the left ventricle, thinning of the left ventricular wall, common atrium, hypoplastic mitral valve with severe insufficiency. Mild tricuspid insufficiency. MPA 9 mm, RPA - 3,5 mm, LPA - 4 mm, Severe hypoplasia of aortic arch with interruption. PDA - 9 mm were visualized. Computer tomography was performed: agenesia of the ascending aorta, dilated ductus arteriosus that fills descending aorta, common atrium, mitral valve agenesia, enlarged ventricles, thinning of the left ventricular wall, right ventricle hypertrophy, expressed lung congestion were visualised. Conclusions: Due to the complicated anatomy, which included extreme thinning of the myocardium wall and mitral valve agenesia, surgical correction is impossible, therefore palliative care is indicated in this particular case.
Congenital heart disesase: a restrospective analysis from a tertiary referral centre; Introduction: Congenital heart disease is the most prevalent congenital malformation contributing to perinatal mortality. The aim of this study was to characterize its incidence and to establish survival in the first year of life. Methods: Retrospective analysis of cases born in a central maternity hospital, diagnosed up to 72 hours after birth, during a period of 16 years. Results considered statiscally significant if p <0.05. Results: Of the 47198 neonates born during the study period, 297 had congenital heart disease, 16% associated with syndromes or extra-cardiac disease. The incidence was 6:1000. Left to right shunt lesions accounted for 211, followed by cyanotic (n = 46), non-cyanotic obstructive (n = 31) and miscellaneous (n = 9). Coarctation of the aorta was positively correlated to gestational diabetes (p = 0.014). Prenatal diagnosis contributed to 26%, mostly in the cyanotics, itself related to mortality (p <0.001). Atrial septal defect were found more commonly in females (p = 0.02). Mortality due to heart disease was 3,4%. Overall survival of cyanotic disease cases was 88%, 81% and 78% at 28 days, 6 months and 1 year of age, respectively. For the miscellaneous cases was 91%, 91%, 90%, the obstructive cases was 97%, 97%, 97% and for the left to right shunt diseases was 99%, 98%, 98%, respectively. Conclusions: The incidence of congenital heart disease was 6:1000, mostly left to right shunt lesions. Heart disease accounted for only half of deaths. Cyanotic diseases carry a higher nonspecific mortality rate, usually progressive during the first year of life.
Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in the first year of life: experience from a tertiary referral centre; Introduction: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in the first year of life is an extremely rare disorder affecting 3,6 per 1 million children. In this age group, prognosis is considered poor when compared with older ages, with a mortality rate that can reach 89%, especially when presenting with congestive heart failure. Methods: The authors present a retrospective analysis of 14 cases of HCM diagnosed over the past 20 years during the first year of life and followed up at a portuguese paediatric cardiology tertiary referral centre. Half of this population was diagnosed during the neonatal period. Secondary causes of HCM such as gestational diabetes or systemic arterial hypertension were excluded from the study. Results: Five patients presented with signs of congestive heart failure (3 neonates), although heart murmur was the most common finding. Six had concentric hypertrophy. Of these, 3 had left ventricular outflow tract obstruction. Sarcomeric HCM was identified in 4 cases, all of which with positive family history (29%). There was 1 case of Noonan Syndrome with associated pulmonary valve stenosis and atrial septal defect. In 5 cases (36%), the left ventricle hypertrophy resolved by the second year of life (1 of them with sarcomeric HCM genotype). In the remaining cases, one evolved into left ventricular noncompaction and another developed a severe restrictive pattern, the latter, 16 years of age, recently underwent a heart transplant. One of the sarcomeric HCM cases had a subcutaneous implantable cardioverter defibrillator implanted at the age of 8 years for secondary prevention (aborted sudden cardiac death). Only 1 child died (neonatal onset group) at three months of age with rapidly progressive biventricular hypertrophy of unknown cause (ongoing necropsy - figure 1), with refractory congestive heart failure whilst awaiting cardiac transplantation. Conclusions: The four above-mentioned cases with a more complicated clinical course had early onset congestive heart failure symptoms (plus the Noonan syndrome case), whereas, none of the patients in which left ventricle hypertrophy resolved spontaneously presented with congestive cardiac failure. A third of the sample had family history of sarcomeric HCM (29%), highlighting the importance of early follow-up in this group of patients.
EARLY SCREENING FOR GESTATIONAL DIABETES - EXPERIENCE OF A COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER; Purpose of Study Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. Pregnancy complications include infant macrosomia and primary cesarean section, preeclampsia, as well as impaired glucose metabolism in the newborn and cardiovascular disease in both mother and infant. Therefore, increased feto-maternal morbidity calls for further research into how we can diagnose and treat GDM in a timely and appropriate manner. The United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) has concluded there is insufficient evidence to screen pregnant persons earlier than 24 weeks of gestational. Given the highrisk population we serve, we universally screen all pregnant women for gestational diabetes at the initial visit regardless of gestational age. Our study aim is to analyze the data of our institution to show possible benefit of early screening, detection, and management of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. Methods Used We performed a retrospective analysis of all pregnant patients seen at Clinica Sierra Vista in Kern and Fresno counties from April 1, 2019 through November 10, 2021. We compared the patients being screened before 24 weeks and patients screened between 24-28 weeks of gestation. Patients who were screened before 24 weeks were labeled abnormal if the plasma glucose was above 140 mg/dL one hour after taking 50 grams of oral glucose. Patients who underwent diagnostic test before 24 weeks were labeled as abnormal if their fasting was >95 mg/dL, 1 hour >180 mg/ dL, 2 hours >155 mg/dL, 3 hours > 140 mg/dL. The percentage of abnormal results before 24 weeks was compared with the percentage of abnormal results after 24 weeks. Summary of Results A total of 1505 patients who fit the criteria and had sufficient data were included in the study. Out of our patients screened with non-fasting 1-hour 50-G GCT, fifty six percent (56%) had abnormally high glucose before 24 weeks of gestation, which suggests value in early screening to identify patients who may require dietary and activity modification to prevent subsequent complications associated with uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Additionally, forty three percent (43%) of our patients who underwent the fasting 100-G OGTT diagnostic test were positive before 24 weeks gestation, which again supports early detection of diabetes is possible and potentially benefit from early intervention to prevent potential complications. Conclusions Screening for hyperglycemia before 24 weeks shows a significant proportion of elevated glucose. Further research is needed to confirm our suggestion to screen patients for GDM earlier than 24 weeks of gestation, especially in high-risk groups. While our patient demographics may not fully represent the total population, our findings suggest that early detection of uncontrolled glucose may help identify at-risk patients and allow treatment.
MATERNAL AND NEONATAL RISK STRATIFICATION FOR DEVELOPMENT OF NEONATAL LENTICULAR STRIATE VASCULOPATHY; Purpose of Study The aim of the study is to assess risk stratification and compare maternal and neonatal risk factors for neonates with and without LSV. Methods Used This is a retrospective epidemiology study on infants admitted to SBUH NICU from January 2016 through December 2020. All infants who had a head ultrasound done and who had mineralizing vasculopathy reported were included in the study. Each neonate with LSV was then matched by gestational age, weight, and birth year to controls without LSV. Neonatal and maternal risk factors were then evaluated and odds ratio calculated for each risk factor to determine any association with the finding of LSV. Summary of Results Out of the 76 neonates with LSV, one tested positive for CMV and received antiviral treatment. All infants with LSV tested negative for toxoplasmosis and were without chorioretinitis. Neonatal demographics as listed in table 1 showed no significant association between infants with or without LSV. Maternal demographics (table 1) showed an OR 0.29 (CI 0.09-0.87) for maternal diabetes. The average day of life when LSV was identified ranged from 10-14 days, regardless of gestational age (table 2). None of the ultrasounds done at birth showed LSV. Conclusions While previously associated with TORCH infections, there seems to be no specific maternal or neonatal risk factors for development of neonatal LSV. This is important as an infectious disease workup including eye exam may not be necessary for these infants. This study is limited in that it was a cohort and relatively small sample size. As LSV developed within the same postnatal time across gestational age, the presence may very well be a normal stage of postnatal brain development. Future work may involve evaluation of the neurodevelopment outcomes in infants with LSV compared to those without, as this has not yet been studied. (Table Presented).
OPTIMISING ASYNCHRONOUS TELE-COACHING TO REDUCE GESTATIONAL DIABETES ONSET; Background and Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as high blood sugar levels during pregnancy, is an increasing health problem affecting up to 18% of pregnancies worldwide that multiplies by 7 the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after birth. Strong evidence exists that lifestyle change (diet and physical activity) can reduce the development of T2DM in those at risk. A new mother faces many challenges and weight loss after pregnancy is typically not the highest priority, leading to high numbers of obesity, heart disease and diabetes. Moreover, early fetal programming increases the risk of developing T2DM for the offspring. Current health systems worldwide lack resources to manage the numbers of women at risk and support them in improving lifestyle behaviours. Tele-coaching can help relieve this burden. Language shaping, especially in asynchronous communication, plays an important role in patient outcomes. There is a big potential for using text messages in these interventions, but research on the topic has been scarce Methods: Text messages analysis and a subsequent language interaction analysis within a randomized trial on tele-coaching for prevention of GDM and postnatal weight loss in 400 women at risk in Australia, Ireland, the UK and Spain (Bump2Baby& Me) Results: This PhD project will contribute to asynchronous communication research on interventions aiming to prevent lifestyle-related diseases such as T2DM and GDM. It will also allow to create an asynchronous coaching manual that will be made available in English, Danish and Spanish Conclusions: A better understanding of text-messages based lifestyle intervention will contribute to better patient outcomes. as well as reduced costs and increased reachability.
A rare case of fetal cardiac hypertrophy developing into acute circulatory insufficiency and fetal compromise in type 1 diabetic pregnancy; Fetal cardiac hypertrophy (CH) in pregnant women with diabetes is believed to be a benign condition. We encountered a rare case of fetal CH in a pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes, which developed into severe fetal circulatory insufficiency and acidemia. Fetal echocardiography at 37-week gestation showed cardiomegaly with a ventricular hypertrophy. Cardiac function was impaired, and pulsed Doppler findings indicated circulatory failure. The patient was diagnosed with fetal compromise due to fetal CH, and a large for gestational age boy was delivered by an urgent cesarean section. Despite myocardial hyperplasia and left ventricular outflow tract stenosis, the neonate was hemodynamically stabilized by fluid resuscitation alone. Although the neonatal course was favorable, we speculated that the neonate was on the verge of death because he was already acidemic at birth. Therefore, comprehensive fetal echocardiography should be performed in pregnant women with diabetes, and clinicians should not miss the optimal timing of delivery.
Is there a difference in placental pathology in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes A2 versus gestational diabetes A1, versus one abnormal value, on 100 gr glucose tolerance test?; Introduction: The objective of the study was to investigate pregnancy outcome and placental pathology lesions among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) versus patients with one abnormal value (OAV), in the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Methods: A prospective study was performed from 2016 to 2019. All participants performed an OGTT between 24 and 28 weeks. Included patients who delivered at term (>37 weeks) with the diagnosis of GDMA2 (treated with insulin), GDMA1 (controlled with diet) and those with OAV. Maternal characteristics, pregnancy outcomes, and placental histopathology reports were compared between the GDMA2, GDMA1, and OAV groups. Placental lesions were classified according to “Amsterdam” criteria to maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion (MVM, FVM) lesions, and inflammatory lesions. Results: The GDMA2 group (n = 59) was characterized by higher maternal BMI (p < 0.001), increased rate of chronic hypertension (p < 0.01), cesarean delivery (CD) (p < 0.001), adverse neonatal outcomes (p < 0.001) and prolonged hospitalization (p < 0.001) as compared to the GDMA1 (n = 73) and the OAV group (n = 124). Average placental weight in the GDMA2 group were higher (p = 0.004). There were no between groups differences in the rate of placental MVM or inflammatory lesions. The OAV and GDMA1 groups were characterized by an increased rate of FVM lesions, as compared to the GDMA2 group (p = 0.02). Discussion: GDMA2 is associated with increased rate of CD and adverse neonatal outcome. The similar rate of placental MVM lesions among the study groups, and the increased rate of FVM lesions observed among the OAV group, implies of impaired placental function among the OAV group as in GDM pregnancies.
The Epidemiology and Mechanisms of Lifetime Cardiopulmonary Morbidities Associated With Pre-Pregnancy Obesity and Excessive Gestational Weight Gain; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions in the last few decades. The global increase in obesity has contributed to an increase in the number of pregnant women with pre-pregnancy obesity or with excessive gestational weight gain. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of maternal co-morbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension. Both obesity during pregnancy and its associated complications are not only associated with immediate adverse outcomes for the mother and their newborns during the perinatal period but, more importantly, are linked with long-term morbidities in the offsprings. Neonates born to women with obesity are at higher risk for cardiac complications including cardiac malformations, and non-structural cardiac issues such as changes in the microvasculature, e.g., elevated systolic blood pressure, and overt systemic hypertension. Pulmonary diseases associated with maternal obesity include respiratory distress syndrome, asthma during childhood and adolescence, and adulthood diseases, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Sequelae of short-term complications compound long-term outcomes such as long-term obesity, hypertension later in life, and metabolic complications including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia. Multiple mechanisms have been proposed to explain these adverse outcomes and are related to the emerging knowledge of pathophysiology of obesity in adults. The best investigated ones include the role of obesity-mediated metabolic alterations and systemic inflammation. There is emerging evidence linking metabolic and immune derangements to altered biome, and alteration in epigenetics as one of the intermediary mechanisms underlying the adverse outcomes. These are initiated as part of fetal adaptation to obesity during pregnancy which are compounded by rapid weight gain during infancy and early childhood, a known complication of obesity during pregnancy. This newer evidence points toward the role of specific nutrients and changes in biome that may potentially modify the adverse outcomes observed in the offsprings of women with obesity.
COVID-19 and Perinatal Stress Experience- A Study Conducted as Part of the COVGEN Initiative; Introduction During the COVID-19 pandemic, stress and anxiety in the population increased due to concerns about people's own health and that of their relatives, as well as changes in everyday life due to measures taken to reduce the infection rate. Pregnant women are particularly stressed. The present study examines how the COVID-19 pandemic affects the stress experience and mental health of pregnant women and mothers of newborns and how care could be optimized. Methods As part of the international COVGEN initiative (https://www.covgen.org) to investigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on the peripartum period, pregnant and postpartum women were asked about their experience with stress using the COPE-IS (Coronavirus Perinatal Experiences-Impact Survey) questionnaire developed for this purpose and translated from the English. In addition, demographic data, pre-existing diseases, pregnancy complications and the care situation were recorded. The questionnaire was either administered as hardcopy to inpatients at the Department of Women's Health, University Hospital Tübingen, Germany, or online. All pregnant women and mothers who were pregnant or had given birth after the official start of the COVID-19 pandemic (11 March 2020) were eligible to participate. Results Complete data sets of n = 156 pregnant women and n = 221 postpartum women were available for evaluation. The general stress level assessed with the COPE-IS was significantly increased by the COVID-19 pandemic in both, pregnant and postpartum women, with pre-existing conditions such as respiratory diseases and pregnancy-related diseases like gestational diabetes adding to the stress. The subjectively perceived quality of care/support during pregnancy also influenced the stress level. Conclusions Fears of a COVID-19 infection and changes in preventive and aftercare services were a burden for the women surveyed. Intensified care during pregnancy and puerperium could help to stabilize the mental situation and reduce stress.
Markers of insulin resistance in Polycystic ovary syndrome women: An update; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrine disorders, affecting 5%-10% of women of reproductive age. The importance of this syndrome lies in the magnitude of associated comorbidities: infertility, metabolic dysfunction, cardiovascular disease (CVD), plus psychological and oncological complications. Insulin resistance (IR) is a prominent feature of PCOS with a prevalence of 35%-80%. Without adequate management, IR with compensatory hyperinsulinemia contributes directly to reproductive dysfunction in women with PCOS. Furthermore, epidemiological data shows compelling evidence that PCOS is associated with an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes. In addition, metabolic dysfunction leads to a risk for CVD that increases with aging in women with PCOS. Indeed, the severity of IR in women with PCOS is associated with the amount of abdominal obesity, even in lean women with PCOS. Given these drastic implications, it is important to diagnose and treat insulin resistance as early as possible. Many markers have been proposed. However, quantitative assessment of IR in clinical practice remains a major challenge. The gold standard method for assessing insulin sensitivity is the hyperinsulinemic euglycemic glucose clamp. However, it is not used routinely because of the complexity of its procedure. Consequently, there has been an urgent need for surrogate markers of IR that are more applicable in large population-based epidemiological investigations. Despite this, many of them are either difficult to apply in routine clinical practice or useless for women with PCOS. Considering this difficulty, there is still a need for an accurate marker for easy, early detection and assessment of IR in women with PCOS. This review highlights markers of IR already used in women with PCOS, including new markers recently reported in literature, and it establishes a new classification for these markers.
Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women After Maternal Complications of Pregnancy: An Observational Cohort Analysis; Introduction: Certain complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, intrauterine growth restriction, spontaneous preterm birth, and placental abruption, are established independent risk factors for premature cardiovascular disease in women. Metabolic syndrome, which is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, may be a suitable alternative to traditional cardiovascular risk calculators that underestimate risk in young women. This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in women who experienced a complicated pregnancy 6 months earlier. Methods: This observational study investigated the prevalence of metabolic syndrome as defined by the International Diabetes Federation in all eligible participants (n = 247) attending a postpartum lifestyle intervention clinic from August 2018 to June 2021 at the Lyell McEwin Hospital in Adelaide, South Australia. Results: A total of 89 (36%) participants met the criteria for metabolic syndrome at a mean follow up time of 7 months postpartum. Almost 90% of the cohort were abdominally obese, and over two thirds of the total cohort met at least two of the criteria for metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Women with a prior history of one of the common major pregnancy complications are at high risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease, with many showing either metabolic syndrome or multiple risk factors at only 7 months postpartum. The results indicate that follow-up within 1 year postpartum is an appropriate time to commence preventative strategies, as many women are already showing early signs of disease.
Non-specificity of symptoms in infantile-onset Pompe disease may delay the diagnosis and institution of treatment; Pompe disease is an autosomal-recessive inherited disorder of glycogen metabolism due to lysosomal acid alpha-glucosidase deficiency. The infantile-onset form is rapidly fatal if left untreated and presents with respiratory symptoms, a typical encounter during infancy. We discuss two infants presenting with respiratory symptoms since early infancy and found to have cardiomegaly, hypotonia, elevated muscle enzymes, leading to the diagnosis of Pompe disease with genetic confirmation. However, both infants expired before the enzyme replacement therapy due to complications of irreversible muscle damage despite supportive medical care. Presentation with respiratory symptoms common during childhood, absence of alarming symptoms such as hypoglycaemia, ketoacidosis or encephalopathy, and relative rarity of Pompe disease can contribute to lapses in the early diagnosis as observed in the index patients. Thus, these cases emphasise the importance of vigilant assessment of common paediatric presentations, which may be presenting symptoms of underlying sinister pathologies.
SINGLE-CENTER EXPERIENCE AND OUTCOMES OF A HIGH-RISK CARDIO-OBSTETRICS PROGRAM; Background: There is increasing need for multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics programs to care for pregnant women with high-risk cardiovascular disease; however, relatively few descriptions of these programs exist. Methods: We identified patients managed by our multidisciplinary high-risk cardio-obstetrics team from July 2017 to December 2020. We collected data on baseline characteristics, diagnostic testing, antepartum and intrapartum history, labor and delivery and post-partum outcomes. Results: A total of 172 women with 188 pregnancies were included. The median age was 31 years; of these, 27.5% were advanced maternal age (≥ 35 years old). The cardiac comorbidity was known prior to pregnancy in 175 pregnancies (93.1%). The most common cardiac conditions were congenital heart disease (30.3%), heart failure/cardiomyopathy (20.2%), arrhythmia (17%), valvular disease (11.1%), and hypertensive disorder (9%). Over half (55.3%) were on cardiac medications during pregnancy, most commonly beta blockers. Most pregnancies (94.1%) ended in live birth, with 77.7% delivered full-term (≥ 37 weeks gestational age), and nearly half were cesarean deliveries (48%). Maternal complications included postpartum hemorrhage (10.1%), pre-eclampsia (7.4%), gestational diabetes (5.9%), and ICU admission (3.2%). There were 20 (10.6%) readmissions at 12 months postpartum, 65% of which occurred within 30 days. The most common reasons for readmission were infection, high blood pressure, and heart failure. There were no maternal deaths. Conclusion: In a single-center experience, the presence of a cardio-obstetrics program resulted in low rates of adverse maternal outcomes in patients at high risk for cardiac complication.
RISK OF MAJOR CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE IN PRE-GESTATIONAL MATERNAL DIABETES IS MODIFIED BY A1C; Background: The association between pre-gestational maternal diabetes (MD) and an elevated risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) is well-recognized. MD accounts for a significant and growing burden of fetal echo referrals, yet our recent province-wide study found that major CHD (mCHD), defined as requiring an operation in the first year of life, was rarely diagnosed in mothers referred solely for MD. The aim of this study was to refine criteria for fetal echo referral. We therefore determined the incidence of mCHD among those with MD in comparison to gestational diabetes and non-diabetic controls, and adjusted for the effect of covariates and stratified by levels of glycemic control. Methods: Using surgical and fetal cardiology records, we determined the incidence of mCHD among pregnancies in Alberta from 2008-2018. We linked data including presence of MD or gestational diabetes in all provincial births from the Alberta Perinatal Health Program registry with maximum hemoglobin A1c level (as an indicator of glycemic control) prior to 16 weeks gestation and other potential covariates. Results: There were 1405 cases of mCHD in 594,755 Alberta births in the study period (2.3/1000). mCHD was present in 48/7449 births with MD (6.4/1000). The risk ratio for mCHD associated with MD was 2.79 (95% CI 2.1, 3.72) (p<0.001). mCHD was present in 95/39,141 births with gestational diabetes (2.4/1000 births, risk ratio 1.03 (95% CI 0.84, 1.27) (p=0.73). Maximum A1c at <16 weeks gestation was higher in cases of MD with mCHD than MD without mCHD (mCHD 8.5% (IQR 6.9, 10.2); no mCHD 7.3% (IQR 5.9, 8.2), p=0.001). The stratified risks for mCHD associated with A1c ≤6.1%, 6.1% - 8.4% and ≥8.5% were 3.6/1000, 7.7/1000 and 20.9/1000 births respectively. The risk ratio for mCHD associated with MD and an A1c ≥8.5% was therefore 8.9 (95% CI 5.2, 15.3), and 9.9 (95% CI 5.6, 16.7) when adjusted for multiple gestations, child&apos;s gender, maternal pre-pregnancy weight and age. Conclusion: Pre-existing maternal diabetes is associated with a risk ratio for mCHD of 2.8, which increases to 9.9 in those with HbA1c of >8.5%. This data may allow refinement of referral indications for high-risk pregnancy screening.
GESTATIONAL DIABETES AND RISK OF CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the years after pregnancy. Proactively addressing CVD risks in women with a history of GDM can improve long term CV mortality and morbidity. Methods In a retrospective case-control study ending in 2013 we compared the risks of CV outcomes over a 15-year period in pregnant women with GDM who had a parity of one and had a live birth, to pregnant primiparous women who were not diagnosed with GDM and who had a live birth (controls). Women with a prior history of diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction (MI), stroke or heart failure (HF) were excluded. The New Jersey Electronic Birth Certificate and Perinatal database and the Myocardial Infarction Data Acquisition System were used to conduct the analysis. Pregnant women 18 to 54 years old without a prior history of MI, HF, stroke, or hypertension were included. Results First time pregnant women diagnosed with GDM had a significantly higher risk of stroke and CVD death over this fifteen-year study period compared to controls as follows: 0.15% vs. 0.07%, p=0.002; and CV death 0.04% vs. 0.02%, p=0.013. Conclusion This study indicates that women with GDM in their first pregnancy have a significantly higher risk of adverse CV outcomes compared to women without GDM. Patient education and routine incorporation of CVD surveillance and care in this population are indicated to reduce future adverse CV events in this population. [Formula presented]
Early Detection of Cardiovascular Risk Factors and Definition of Psychosocial Profile in Women Through a Systematic Approach: The Monzino Women Heart Center's Experience; Introduction: Cardiovascular (CV) disease is the leading mortality cause among women, yet an alarming misrepresentation of women in CV studies and a low awareness of the impact of CV among women still persist to date. The Monzino Women Heart Center has been established as a clinical and research program dedicated to primary prevention of CV disease in women. Methods: Patients aged between 35 and 60 years and with no history of CV disease underwent a comprehensive evaluation including a cardiologic outpatient visit with electrocardiogram, individual CV risk calculation, first-level cardiovascular examinations and a psychological assessment. Results: A total of 635 women, with a mean age of 52.2 ± 6.4 participated to the project on a voluntary basis during the period January 2017–August 2021. Included patients had a high level of education (40.4% with a graduate or postgraduate university degree), the majority of them, in a stable couple and with children, were actively working. More than half of the patients performed physical activity on a regular basis. Prevalence of traditional CV risk factors were family history (70.2%), hypertension (46%), hypercholesterolemia (22%) and diabetes (14%). Early or premature menopause was reported by 17.7% of the patients, gestational hypertension and diabetes by 4.96 and 1.7%, respectively. Symptoms of depression were reported by 27%; nearly 36% of the participants rated high score of state anxiety and 41% of trait anxiety. Nearly 69% of the participants showed moderate-to-high perceived stress. The mean value of perceived general self-efficacy was moderate (mean = 28.78, SD = 4.69). Conclusion: A CV prevention program dedicated to women can help identifying a considerable number of patients with risk factors for whom early interventions can help reducing the risk of developing CV disease. Psychological assessment might unmask depression or anxiety disorders, which might have a potential long-terme detrimental effect on CV health.
Detecting abnormal placental microvascular flow in maternal and fetal diseases based on flow-compensated and non-compensated intravoxel incoherent motion imaging; Introduction: Intravoxel Incoherent Motion (IVIM) imaging has been used to assess placental microcirculatory flows. We proposed a joint analysis of flow-compensated (FC) and non-compensated (NC) diffusion MRI to estimate the fraction and velocity of ballistic microcirculatory flow (fb and vb), and evaluated the diagnostic performance of the new markers in maternal and fetal disorders. Methods: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM, n = 15) pregnancies and fetal growth restriction (FGR, n = 12), along with gestational age matched normal controls (n = 19 for GDM and 15 for FGR) underwent FC and NC-encoded IVIM scans at 1.5 T. fb and vb obtained from a FC-NC joint model, along with the conventional IVIM indices, were compared between patient groups for whole-placenta and maternal/fetal sides of the placenta. A linear support vector machine (SVM) was used to classify the GDM, FGR and controls. Results: vb of whole-placenta were significantly lower in both GDM (p = 0.017) and FGR (p = 0.043), compared with their controls, and the differences were more evident in the fetal side (p = 0.010 for GDM and p = 0.042 for FGR). fb and fFC showed group differences in the fetal side and DFC showed differences in whole-placenta for GDM patients. In the classification task, vb showed the highest diagnostic accuracy of 70.6% for GDM and 63.0% for FGR, and the combination of fb and vb further improved the detection accuracy to 73.5% and 66.7% for GDM and FGR, respectively. Discussion: vb showed superior performance in the diagnosis of GDM and FGR, indicating the potential of the joint FC-NC IVIM method for placenta examinations.
Paraganglioma in pregnancy: A case series and literature review; Paragangliomas are rare neuroendocrine neoplasms which are often catecholamine-secreting and associated with familial syndromes. Described here are three women with a variety of pathology: isolated secretory paraganglioma diagnosed in pregnancy, secretory metastatic paraganglioma in pregnancy and non-secretory metastatic paraganglioma in pregnancy. Whilst paragangliomas are associated with morbidity and mortality during pregnancy, good maternal and fetal outcomes can be achieved through individualised care within the context of a multidisciplinary team. Although paragangliomas are associated with morbidity and mortality in pregnancy, good maternal and fetal outcomes can be achieved through individualised care within the context of a multidisciplinary team.
Usefulness of Postnatal Echocardiograms in Patients with Omphaloceles Who Previously Had a Normal Fetal Echocardiogram; Introduction: Neonates with omphaloceles routinely have a transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) performed due to a high association with congenital heart defects (CHD). The utility of a TTE in these patients with a normal fetal echocardiogram is unknown. The primary objective of this study was to determine whether a critical CHD diagnosis was missed in patients with an omphalocele who had a normal fetal echocardiogram. The secondary objective of the study was to determine whether any CHD diagnosis was missed postnatally when a fetal echocardiogram was read as normal. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed of patients with omphaloceles born between January 1, 2008, and June 30, 2020. Patients were included if they had a fetal echocardiogram that was read as normal and had a postnatal echocardiogram performed. Baseline demographics, postnatal data echocardiographic findings, and hospital course were collected. Critical CHD was defined as CHD requiring neonatal cardiac intervention. Results: Fifty-six fetal echocardiograms on patients with omphaloceles were performed, of which 24 patients met the inclusion criteria. No patient was diagnosed with a critical CHD postnatally (negative predictive value [NPV] = 100%). Two patients were diagnosed with ventricular septal defects (VSD) postnatally (NPV = 91.7%). One of the VSDs required closure with a patch at 4 months of life, while the other, a small muscular VSD, closed spontaneously within the first year of life. Both patients had a murmur on exam during their initial hospital stay. The patient that required surgery also had an abnormal electrocardiogram and chest X-ray. There were no mortalities due to cardiac causes in these patients. Conclusion: Critical CHD was not missed on any patient with an omphalocele who had a normal fetal echocardiogram. All other patients with omphaloceles who had CHD diagnosed postnatally had an abnormal clinical finding on postnatal evaluation. The routine performance of a postnatal TTE in patients with an omphalocele who had a normal fetal echocardiogram may not be needed in those with a normal clinical workup. Further studies evaluating echocardiographic imaging recommendations are needed to maximize care and optimize resource allocation in this complex patient population.
A new physiologic-based integrated algorithm in the management of neonatal hemodynamic instability; Physiologic-based management of hemodynamic instability is proven to guide the logical selection of cardiovascular support and shorten the time to clinical recovery compared to an empiric approach that ignores the heterogeneity of the hemodynamic instability related mechanisms. In this report, we classified neonatal hemodynamic instability, circulatory shock, and degree of compensation into five physiologic categories, based on different phenotypes of blood pressure (BP), other clinical parameters, echocardiography markers, and oxygen indices. This approach is focused on hemodynamic instability in infants with normal cardiac anatomy. Conclusion: The management of hemodynamic instability is challenging due to the complexity of the pathophysiology; integrating different monitoring techniques is essential to understand the underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms and formulate a physiologic-based medical recommendation and approach.What is Known:• Physiologic-based assessment of hemodynamics leads to targeted and pathophysiologic-based medical recommendations.What is New:• Hemodynamic instability in neonates can be categorized according to the underlying mechanism into five main categories, based on blood pressure phenotypes, systemic vascular resistance, and myocardial performance.• The new classification helps with the targeted management and logical selection of cardiovascular support.
Adiponectin ameliorates placental injury in gestational diabetes mice by correcting fatty acid oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis via restoration of CPT-1 activity; Purpose: In gestational diabetes (GDM), abnormalities occur not only in glucose metabolism, but also in lipid metabolism. Adiponectin (ADPN) plays an important role in the regulation of lipid metabolism. In this paper, the role and mechanism of ADPN in GDM are discussed. Methods: GDM model was formed in pregnant mice induced by high-fat diet and streptozotocin, and blood glucose level was detected after ADPN treatment. The levels of TG, TC, HDL-C, and LDL-C in blood lipid of mice were detected by biochemical apparatus. HE staining was used to detect the placenta damage in mice. The expression of oxidative stress-related indexes in placental tissues was also detected by ELISA. Placental iron deposition was detected by Prussian blue staining. Redox capacity of placental tissue was detected by ELISA. Western blot was used to detect the expression of ferroptosis-related proteins in placental tissues. The expression of ADPN in placenta and peripheral blood was detected by ELISA, and the expression of ADPNR, downstream CPT-1, and GLUT4 of placenta were detected by RT-qPCR and western blot. Subsequently, trophoblast cells were induced by palmitic acid and glucose, and the cell activity was detected by CCK-8. The results in animal experiments were verified in cell experiments by RT-qPCR, western blot, and fluorescence labeling of iron ions. Finally, ADPN and CPT-1 inhibitor PM were given to trophoblast cells to further explore the mechanism. Results: ADPN inhibited blood glucose and lipid levels in GDM mice. ADPN inhibited oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis in placental tissues of GDM mice. ADPN inhibited the expression of CPT-1 and GLUT4 in placental tissues of GDM mice. This result was also confirmed in cell experiments, and this process may be achieved by regulating CPT-1. Conclusions: ADPN ameliorated placental injury in GDM by correcting fatty acid oxidation/peroxide imbalance-induced ferroptosis via restoration of CPT-1 activity.
Neonatal Atrial Flutter: Case Report; Neonatal atrial flutter is a rare entity seen in the newborn period. With prompt treatment, they mostly revert to normal rhythm, with good long-term prognosis. But prolonged untreated atrial flutter can result in heart failure. This necessitates prompt diagnosis and treatment of the condition. However, all available treatment modalities are not effective in all patients. Here, we report 2 newborns with atrial flutter who did not respond initially to medical management, but eventually responded to cardioversion, with good outcome.
Primary Care–Based Cardiovascular Disease Risk Management After Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: a Narrative Review; Several common adverse pregnancy outcomes can reveal subclinical or latent cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, transiently exposed through the physiologic stress of pregnancy. The year after pregnancy may be a singular opportunity to identify and initiate treatment for CVD risk, even before the onset of traditional CVD risk factors. However, clinical guidance regarding CVD risk management after adverse pregnancy outcomes is lacking. We therefore conducted a systematic review of US clinical practice guidelines and professional society recommendations to inform primary care–based CVD risk management after adverse pregnancy outcomes. We identified 13 relevant publications. While most recommendations were based on limited or weak evidence, we identified several areas of consensus. First, individuals with an adverse pregnancy outcome associated with future CVD are likely to benefit from CVD risk assessment—accompanied by education, counseling, and support for lifestyle modification—beginning within the first postpartum year. Second, among clinicians, clear and consistent documentation about adverse pregnancy outcomes and recommended follow-up is important to coordinate care after pregnancy. In addition, patients need to be informed about their pregnancy complications and associated CVD risks, so that they can make informed health care and lifestyle decisions. Finally, in general, CVD prevention in the year after an adverse pregnancy outcome focuses on lifestyle modification, reserving pharmacotherapy for the highest-risk patients and those with traditional CVD risk factors. While postpartum lifestyle interventions show promise for reducing CVD risk after adverse pregnancy outcomes, continued research to determine the optimal content, timing, and long-term effects of such interventions is needed.
Associations of Glycemic Index and Glycemic Load with Cardiovascular Disease: Updated Evidence from Meta-analysis and Cohort Studies; Purpose of Review: Diet and lifestyle patterns are considered major contributory factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality. In particular, consuming a diet higher in carbohydrates (not inclusive of fruits and vegetables, but more processed carbohydrates) has been associated with metabolic abnormalities that subsequently may increase the risk of CVD and related mortality. Glycemic index (GI) and glycemic load (GL) are values given to foods based on how fast the body converts carbohydrates into glucose also referred to as the glycemic burden of carbohydrates from foods. Conflicting associations of how high GI and GL influence CVDs have been observed even in high-quality meta-analysis studies. We synthesize and report the associations of high GI and GL with various CVDs by sex, obesity, and geographical locations using an updated review of meta-analysis and observational studies. Recent Findings: We identified high GI or high GL is associated with an increased risk of CVD events including diabetes (DM), metabolic syndrome (MS), coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, and stroke mortality in the general population, and the risk of CVD outcomes appears to be stratified by sex, obesity status, and preexisting CVD. Both high GI and GL are associated with DM and CHD in the general population. However, high GI is strongly associated with DM/MS, while high GL is strongly associated with an increased risk of CHD in females. In addition, high GL is also associated with incident stroke, and appears to be associated with CVD mortality in subjects with preexisting CVD or high BMI and all-cause mortality in non-obese DM subjects. However, high GI appears to be associated with CVD or all-cause mortality only in females without CVD. Summary: High GI/GL is an important risk factor for CVD outcomes in the general population. High GI seems to be markedly associated with DM/MS, and it may enhance the risk of CVD or all-cause mortality in both sexes and predominately females. Although both high GI and high GL are risk factors for CHD in females, high GL is associated with CVD outcomes in at-risk populations for CVD. These data suggest that while high GI increases the propensity of CVD risk factors and mortality in healthy individuals, high GL contributes to the risk of severe heart diseases including CVD or all-cause mortality, particularly in at-risk populations. These data indicate dietary interventions designed for focusing carbohydrate quality by lowering both GI and GL are recommended for preventing CVD outcomes across all populations.
Pharmacotherapy to delay the progression of diabetic kidney disease in people with type 2 diabetes: past, present and future; Diabetic kidney disease (DKD) is a leading cause of morbidity and mortality among people living with diabetes, and is one of the most important causes of end stage renal disease worldwide. In order to reduce progression of DKD, important management goals include treatment of hypertension, glycaemia and control of cardiovascular risk factors such as lipids, diet, smoking and exercise. Use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers has an established role in prevention of progression of DKD. A number of other agents such as endothelin-1 receptor antagonists and bardoxolone have had disappointing results. Recent studies have, however, suggested that newer antidiabetic agents such as sodium-glucose transporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT-2i) and glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues have specific beneficial effects in patients with DKD. Indeed most recent guidance suggest that SGLT-2i drugs should be used early in DKD, irrespective of glucose control. A number of pathways are hypothesised for the development and progression of DKD, and have opened up a number of newer potential therapeutic targets. This article aims to discuss management of DKD with respect to seminal trials from the past, more recent trials informing the present and potential new therapeutic options that may be available in the future.
Congenital hyperinsulinism in a newborn presenting with poor feeding; Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia is a condition linked to several genetic, metabolic, and growth disorders in which there is dysregulated insulin secretion. In infants, an inappropriately persistent hypoglycemic and hypoketotic state can cause severe brain injury leading to epilepsy, cerebral palsy, and neurodevelopmental disabilities due to the lack of glucose and ketone substrate to serve as fuel for the developing brain. The most common cause of persistent hypoglycemia in neonates and children has been found to be congenital hyperinsulinism. Here, we report a child with a unique presentation, found to have a novel genetic variant as the underlying cause of hyperinsulinism. This case study highlights the importance of maintaining a broad differential and considering a diagnosis of congenital hyperinsulinism in a baby with poor feeding in the newborn period. Recognizing and treating congenital hyperinsulinism is essential to prevent potential neurological sequelae from recurrent, severe hypoglycemia.
Update on Management of Cardiovascular Diseases in Women; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) have a lower prevalence in women than men; although, a higher mortality rate and a poorer prognosis are more common in women. However, there is a misperception of CVD female risk since women have commonly been considered more protected so that the real threat is vastly underestimated. Consequently, female patients are more likely to be treated less aggressively, and a lower rate of diagnostic and interventional procedures is performed in women than in men. In addition, there are substantial sex differences in CVD, so different strategies are needed. This review aims to evaluate the main gender-specific approaches in CVD.
Recent Advances in Understanding Nrf2 Agonism and Its Potential Clinical Application to Metabolic and Inflammatory Diseases; Oxidative stress is a major component of cell damage and cell fat, and as such, it occupies a central position in the pathogenesis of metabolic disease. Nuclear factor-erythroid-derived 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2), a key transcription factor that coordinates expression of genes encoding antioxidant and detoxifying enzymes, is regulated primarily by Kelch-like ECH-associated protein 1 (Keap1). However, involvement of the Keap1–Nrf2 pathway in tissue and organism homeostasis goes far beyond protection from cellular stress. In this review, we focus on evidence for Nrf2 pathway dysfunction during development of several metabolic/inflammatory disorders, including diabetes and diabetic complications, obesity, inflammatory bowel disease, and autoimmune diseases. We also review the beneficial role of current molecular Nrf2 agonists and summarize their use in ongoing clinical trials. We conclude that Nrf2 is a promising target for regulation of numerous diseases associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. However, more studies are needed to explore the role of Nrf2 in the pathogenesis of metabolic/inflammatory diseases and to review safety implications before therapeutic use in clinical practice.
Calcifediol (25OH Vitamin D3) Deficiency: A Risk Factor from Early to Old Age; Vitamin D deficiency is the main cause of nutritional rickets in children and osteomalacia in adults. There is consensus that nutritional access to vitamin D can be estimated by measuring serum concentrations of 25OHD and vitamin D deficiency can thus be considered as calcifediol deficiency. However, the threshold for vitamin D/calcifediol sufficiency remains a matter of debate. Vitamin D/calcifediol deficiency has been associated with musculoskeletal effects but also multiple adverse extra-skeletal consequences. If these consequences improve or if they can be treated with vitamin D supplementation is still unclear. Observational studies suggest a higher infection risk in people with low calcifediol levels. There is also a consistent association between serum calcifediol and cardiovascular events and deaths, but large-scale, long-term intervention studies did not show any benefit on cardiovascular outcomes from supplementation, at least not in subjects without clear vitamin D deficiency. Cancer risk also did not change with vitamin D treatment, although there are some data that higher serum calcifediol is associated with longer survival in cancer patients. In pregnant women, vitamin D supplementation decreases the risk of pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, and low birth weight. Although preclinical studies showed that the vitamin D endocrine system plays a role in certain neural cells as well as brain structure and function, there is no evidence to support a beneficial effect of vitamin D in neurodegenerative diseases. Vitamin D supplementation may marginally affect overall mortality risk especially in elderly subjects with low serum calcifediol concentrations.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Maternal Chronic Diseases in the Future: A Cross-Sectional Study Using KoGES-HEXA Data; Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of chronic diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD) and metabolic syndrome (MS), in the future. We designed a large-scale cohort study to evaluate the influence of APOs (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), stillbirth, macrosomia, and low birth weight) on the incidence of chronic diseases, body measurements, and serum biochemistry in the future and investigate whether combinations of APOs had additive effects on chronic diseases. We used health examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES-HEXA) and extracted data of parous women (n = 30,174; mean age, 53.02 years) for the analysis. Women with APOs were more frequently diagnosed with chronic diseases and had a family history of chronic diseases compared with women without APOs. Composite APOs were associated with an increased risk of hypertension, diabetes mellitus, hyperlipidemia, angina pectoris, stroke, and MS (adjusted odds ratio: 1.093, 1.379, 1.269, 1.351, 1.414, and 1.104, respectively) after adjustment for family history and social behaviors. Preeclampsia and GDM were associated with an increased risk of some chronic diseases; however, the combination of preeclampsia and GDM did not have an additive effect on the risk. APOs moderately influenced the future development of maternal CVD and metabolic derangements, independent of family history and social behaviors.
The WWOX/HIF1A Axis Downregulation Alters Glucose Metabolism and Predispose to Metabolic Disorders; Recent reports indicate that the hypoxia-induced factor (HIF1α) and the Warburg effect play an initiating role in glucotoxicity, which underlies disorders in metabolic diseases. WWOX has been identified as a HIF1α regulator. WWOX downregulation leads to an increased expression of HIF1α target genes encoding glucose transporters and glycolysis’ enzymes. It has been proven in the normoglycemic mice cells and in gestational diabetes patients. The aim of the study was to determine WWOX’s role in glucose metabolism regulation in hyperglycemia and hypoxia to confirm its importance in the development of metabolic disorders. For this purpose, the WWOX gene was silenced in human normal fibroblasts, and then cells were cultured under different sugar and oxygen levels. Thereafter, it was investigated how WWOX silencing alters the genes and proteins expression profile of glucose transporters and glycolysis pathway enzymes, and their activity. In normoxia normoglycemia, higher glycolysis genes expression, their activity, and the lactate concentration were observed in WWOX KO fibroblasts in comparison to control cells. In normoxia hyperglycemia, it was observed a decrease of insulin-dependent glucose uptake and a further increase of lactate. It likely intensifies hyperglycemia condition, which deepen the glucose toxic effect. Then, in hypoxia hyperglycemia, WWOX KO caused weaker glucose uptake and elevated lactate production. In conclusion, the WWOX/HIF1A axis downregulation alters glucose metabolism and probably predispose to metabolic disorders.
Natural history of left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Background: This study sought to describe the characteristics and the natural course of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in a well-characterized consecutive cohort of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Methods: Sixty consecutive IDMs with LVH have been retrospectively identified and enrolled in the study. All IDMs were evaluated at baseline and every 6 months until LV wall thickness regression, defined as the decrease of wall thickness measurement into the normal reference range for cardiac parameters (z-score > −2 and < 2). A comprehensive assessment was performed in those patients with diagnostic markers suggestive of a different cause and/or without significant reduction of the LVH during follow-up. Results: At 1-year follow-up, all IDMs showed a significant reduction of maximal wall thickness MWT (6.00 mm [IQR 5.00–712] vs. 5.50 mm [IQR 5.00–6.00], p-value <0.001; MWT-z-score: 4.86 [IQR 3.93–7.61] vs. 1.72 [IQR 1.08–2.85], p-value <0.001) compared to baseline, and all patients showed LV wall thickness regression or residual mild or moderate LVH (57%, 28%, and 12%, respectively), except 2 patients with persistent severe LVH, that after a comprehensive clinical-genetic assessment were diagnosed as Noonan syndrome with multiple lentigines. At multivariate analysis, MWT was negatively associated with LV wall thickness regression at 1-year follow-up (MWT-mm: OR 0.48[0.29–0.79], p-value = 0.004; MWT-z-score: OR 0.71[0.56–0.90], p-value = 0.004). Conclusions: LVH in IDMs represents a benign condition with complete regression during the first years of life. In those patients without LV wall thickness regression, combined with clinical markers suggesting a specific disease, a complete work-up is required for a definite diagnosis.
Adverse Neonatal Outcomes of Prolonged Latency after Premature Rupture of Membranes (PROM); Objective: To determine the association of prolonged duration of latency after premature rupture of membranes (PROM) and adverse neonatal outcomes. Study Design: Cross sectional study Place and Duration of Study: Karachi Adventis Hospital, 3 months Material and Methods: A total of 155 full-term neonates born after 18 hours of premature rupture of membrane were selected. Neonates were divided into two groups of 18-24 hours and >24 hours based on duration of latency. After delivery gender, birth weight, heart rate, respiratory rate, APGAR score at 5th minute, need for resuscitation and umbilical cord compression, NICU admission or death were noted. Blood samples were sent to laboratory. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was done to find out the association between duration of latency after PROM and adverse outcomes. Odd ratio was calculated. P value <0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Result: The mean duration of latency was 29.7 + 10.69 hours. Duration of latency was 18-24 hours in 80(51.6%). 86 (55.5%) were male. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that risk of APGAR score <7 at 5th minute was 1.9 times, sepsis 3.4 times, hypoglycemia 6.1 times, need for resuscitation 7.1 times, NICU admissions 2.08 times and mortality was 4.1 times higher in neonates born following latency >24 hours. Conclusion: It can be concluded that prolonged latency duration of > 24 hours after PROM is associated with a considerable increase in adverse neonatal outcomes like decreased APGAR score, sepsis, hypoglycemia, NICU admission, need for resuscitation, and mortality.
Congenital Lumbar Hernia in an Infant of Diabetic Mother; Congenital lumbar hernia is a rare anomaly characterized by protrusion of abdominal viscera through a defect in lateral abdominal wall. It is found in association with rib and vertebral anomalies. We are presenting a newborn baby born to a diabetic mother having lumbar hernia, vertebral anomalies and preaxial polydactyly. The clinical features predict developmental defect associated with diabetic embryonopathy.
Sex Differences in Heart Failure; Heart failure (HF) continues to be a major contributor of morbidity and mortality for men and women alike, yet how the predisposition for, course and management of HF differ between men and women remains underexplored. Sex differences in traditional risk factors as well as sex-specific risk factors influence the prevalence and manifestation of HF in unique ways. The pathophysiology of HF differs between men and women and may explain sex-specific differences in clinical presentation and diagnosis. This in turn, contributes to variation in response to both pharmacologic and device/surgical therapy. This review examines sex-specific differences in HF spanning prevalence, risk factors, pathophysiology, presentation, and therapies with a specific focus on highlighting gaps in knowledge with calls to action for future research efforts.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with panhypopituitarism: a population-based study; Research question: What are the consequences of panhypopituitarism on pregnancy outcomes? Design: Retrospective population-based study using data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project – Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS). A dataset was created of all deliveries between 2004 and 2014 inclusive. Within this group, all deliveries to women who had a diagnosis of panhypopituitarism during pregnancy were identified as part of the study group (n = 120), and the remaining deliveries comprised the reference group (n = 8,732,641). A multivariate logistic regression analysis, controlling for confounding effects, was conducted to explore associations between panhypopituitarism and pregnancy complications, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Results: No significant differences were found in the risk of developing gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, placental abruption, or preterm delivery delivering a small for gestational age neonate, or in the mode of delivery. There was a higher risk of developing maternal infection (odds ratio [OR] 3.14, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.46–6.74) and congenital anomalies (OR 6.97, 95% CI 2.57–18.95); however, due to the small number of cases these results should be interpreted with caution. Conclusions: Pregnancy outcomes of women with panhypopituitarism are comparable to those of the general population. Further studies are needed to assess the risk of congenital anomalies and maternal infection in pregnant women with panhypopituitarism.
Complex chronic conditions among children born to women with schizophrenia; Purpose: Maternal schizophrenia is linked to complications in offspring near the time of birth. Whether there is also a higher future risk of the child having a complex chronic condition (CCC) – a pediatric condition affecting any bodily system expected to last at least 12 months that is severe enough to require specialty care and/or a period of hospitalization – is not known. Methods: In this population-based health administrative data cohort study (Ontario, Canada, 1995–2018), the risk for CCC was compared in 5066 children of women with schizophrenia (the exposed) vs. 2,939,320 unexposed children. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHR) were generated for occurrence of any CCC, by CCC category, and stratified by child sex, and child prematurity. Results: CCC was more frequent in the exposed (7.7 per 1000 person-years [268 children]) than unexposed (4.2 per 100 person-years [124,452 children]) – an aHR of 1.25 (95% CI 1.10–1.41). aHRs were notably higher in 5 of 9 CCC categories: neuromuscular (1.73, 1.28–2.33), cardiovascular (1.94, 1.64–2.29), respiratory (1.83, 1.32–2.54), hematology/immunodeficiency (2.24, 1.24–4.05) and other congenital or genetic defect (1.59, 1.16–2.17). The aHR for CCC was more pronounced among boys (1.32, 1.13–1.55) than girls (1.16, 0.96–1.40), and of similar magnitude in term (1.22, 1.05–1.42) and preterm infants (1.18, 0.95–1.46). Conclusions: The risk for a CCC appears to be higher in children born to women with schizophrenia. This finding introduces opportunities for targeted preconception counselling, optimization of maternal risk factors, and intervention to support a vulnerable parent population who will experience unique challenges caring for a child with CCCs.
Placental lipid transport and content in response to maternal overweight and gestational diabetes mellitus in human term placenta; Background and aims: Placental lipid transport is altered in women with high prepregnancy body mass index (pre-BMI) or gestational diabetes (GDM), which consequently affects foetal growth. However, the interaction of maternal overweight (OW) and GDM on placental lipid metabolism and possible adaptations are less studied. We aimed to examine whether maternal OW or GDM is the main factor disrupting placental lipid processing in human term placenta. Methods and results: A total of 152 lean (18.5 ≤ pre-BMI ≤ 23.9 kg/m2) and OW (24 ≤ pre-BMI ≤ 27.9 kg/m2) pregnant women with or without GDM with a scheduled delivery by caesarean section were recruited. Maternal venous blood samples were used to measure metabolic parameters during pregnancy. Term placentas and cord blood were collected at delivery to determine placental lipid metabolism and foetal circulating lipid levels. Maternal OW significantly increased the placental mRNA expression of genes involved in lipid metabolism (FAT/CD36, FATP1, FATP4, FATP6, and PPAR-α), elevated placental lipid content (triglyceride, cholesterol), enhanced placental mTORC1-rpS6 and ERK1/2 signalling, increased cord blood insulin levels and birth weight. Neonatal birth weight was positively correlated with maternal pre-BMI, placental ERK1/2 signalling and cord blood insulin. There was an interaction between OW and GDM in regulating key placental fuel transport and storage gene expression (LPL, FATP6, FABP7, PPAR-α, PPAR-β, PPAR-γ, IR-β, GLUT1, SNAT2, SNAT4, and LAT1). Conclusion: Maternal OW mainly affects placental lipid metabolism, which may contribute to foetal overgrowth and may impact long-term offspring health. GDM plays a less significant role in affecting placental lipid transfer and other mechanisms may be involved.
A compound presentation resulting in compartment syndrome in a newborn; A 37-year-old presented at 31 2/7 weeks with premature rupture of membranes. She was managed conservatively until she developed chorioamnionitis at 32 5/7 weeks. Her labor was induced and she reached 8 cm when a compound presentation was diagnosed. Because the fetal heart rate showed a category II tracing and no further descent, she underwent a low transverse c-section. At delivery the right arm and both feet had prolapsed against the fetal head with was severe edema and ecchymosis of the right arm necessitating an emergency fasciotomy due to compartment syndrome. The edema in the feet was conservatively managed and resolved spontaneously. The newborn had mild RDS, hyperbilirubinemia and feeding issues but was discharged on day 24 with complete recovery of function in the affected extremities.
The life course perspective of gestational diabetes: An opportunity for the prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which has traditionally been defined as glucose intolerance of varying severity with first onset in pregnancy, is rising in prevalence with maternal hyperglycemia currently affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide. Although often perceived as a medical complication of pregnancy, GDM is actually a chronic cardiometabolic disorder that identifies women who have an elevated lifetime risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In identifying high-risk women early in the natural history of these conditions, the diagnosis of GDM raises the tantalizing possibility of early intervention and risk modification. However, before such promise can be realized in practice, a series of clinical challenges/obstacles (reviewed herein) must be overcome. Ultimately, the coupling of this life course perspective of GDM with concerted efforts to overcome these challenges may enable fulfilment of this unique opportunity for the primary prevention of diabetes and heart disease in women.
Diabetes mortality and trends before 25 years of age: an analysis of the Global Burden of Disease Study 2019; Background: Diabetes, particularly type 1 diabetes, at younger ages can be a largely preventable cause of death with the correct health care and services. We aimed to evaluate diabetes mortality and trends at ages younger than 25 years globally using data from the Global Burden of Diseases, Injuries, and Risk Factors Study (GBD) 2019. Methods: We used estimates of GBD 2019 to calculate international diabetes mortality at ages younger than 25 years in 1990 and 2019. Data sources for causes of death were obtained from vital registration systems, verbal autopsies, and other surveillance systems for 1990–2019. We estimated death rates for each location using the GBD Cause of Death Ensemble model. We analysed the association of age-standardised death rates per 100 000 population with the Socio-demographic Index (SDI) and a measure of universal health coverage (UHC) and described the variability within SDI quintiles. We present estimates with their 95% uncertainty intervals. Findings: In 2019, 16 300 (95% uncertainty interval 14 200 to 18 900) global deaths due to diabetes (type 1 and 2 combined) occurred in people younger than 25 years and 73·7% (68·3 to 77·4) were classified as due to type 1 diabetes. The age-standardised death rate was 0·50 (0·44 to 0·58) per 100 000 population, and 15 900 (97·5%) of these deaths occurred in low to high-middle SDI countries. The rate was 0·13 (0·12 to 0·14) per 100 000 population in the high SDI quintile, 0·60 (0·51 to 0·70) per 100 000 population in the low-middle SDI quintile, and 0·71 (0·60 to 0·86) per 100 000 population in the low SDI quintile. Within SDI quintiles, we observed large variability in rates across countries, in part explained by the extent of UHC (r2=0·62). From 1990 to 2019, age-standardised death rates decreased globally by 17·0% (−28·4 to −2·9) for all diabetes, and by 21·0% (–33·0 to −5·9) when considering only type 1 diabetes. However, the low SDI quintile had the lowest decline for both all diabetes (−13·6% [–28·4 to 3·4]) and for type 1 diabetes (−13·6% [–29·3 to 8·9]). Interpretation: Decreasing diabetes mortality at ages younger than 25 years remains an important challenge, especially in low and low-middle SDI countries. Inadequate diagnosis and treatment of diabetes is likely to be major contributor to these early deaths, highlighting the urgent need to provide better access to insulin and basic diabetes education and care. This mortality metric, derived from readily available and frequently updated GBD data, can help to monitor preventable diabetes-related deaths over time globally, aligned with the UN's Sustainable Development Targets, and serve as an indicator of the adequacy of basic diabetes care for type 1 and type 2 diabetes across nations. Funding: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.
Profile of neonates born with congenital birth defects in a tertiary care hospital of North India: An observational study; Objectives: India shares largest burden of congenital birth defects (CBDs) in the world. There is paucity of data on the CBDs in our region of the country. Methods: This was a hospital based observational study to find incidence, risk factors and outcome of CBDs among live neonates. Results: Of 7,075 babies, 92 had 124 CBDs, making the incidence 1.3%. The system predominantly involved was musculoskeletal system (52.2%) followed by central nervous system (28.3%), genitourinary system (26.1%). Among the single CBDs, congenital talipes equino varus (27.4%) was the commonest followed by spina bifida (11.2%) and cleft palate (6.4%). The significant factors associated with CBD were no antenatal visits (p = 0.041), TORCH and/or VDRL positivity (p = 0.023), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (p = 0.007), hypertension (p = 0.090), consanguinity (p = 0.03), no intake of folic acid (p = 0.015). Of these, factors found significant on logistic regression were GDM (OR 3.44; p = 0.018), maternal hypertension (OR 4.88; p = 0.011), consanguinity (OR 13.55; p = 0.028) and no intake of iron/folic acid (OR 5.53; p = 0.001). Of the 92 neonates with CBD, 44 (47.8%) were discharged, 28 (30.5%) expired, 20 (21.7%) left against medical advice. Conclusion: Incidence of CBD was comparable to previous Indian studies. Consanguinity, no intake of folic acid, maternal hypertension and GDM were associated risk factors. About half neonates with CBD expired or left against medical advice. This shows dismal outcome of neonates with CBD in this region.
Value of breastfeeding in Pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus; Abstract Background: Breastmilk was proved to have beneficial effects on lessening the comorbidities associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and decreases the risk of diabetes mellitus type 2 (T2DM). Aim: The purpose of this study is to review the benefits of breastfeeding in Pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods This is a systematic review performed according to PRISMA guidelines for reporting on systematic reviews. Medline, Pubmed, Web of Science Citation Index and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials Registry, were searched electronically in January 2020, using key words “breastfeeding”, “breastfeeding” and “gestational diabetes”. The inclusion criteria were studies written in English which evaluated the benefits of breastfeeding in Pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus. Discussion: Breastfeeding or feeding mother’s own milk reduces the risk of short-and long-term morbidities for mothers with GDM or diabetic mothers. The mechanisms by which human milk provides protection against developing T2DM is attributed to the breastfeeding hormones as prolactin, has a vital role in the regulation of insulin secretion and glucose homeostasis. Also, breastfeeding improve insulin sensitivity. by mobilizing non-adipose tissues lipids derived of the liver and muscle into breast milk rather than redirecting lipids into adipocytes that are already enlarged. In the postpartum period, non-lactating, insulin-resistant women may be more likely to store lipids in non-adipose tissues, further disrupting the balance between insulin secretion and insulin sensitivity. Serotonin also was found to affect the maternal progression to T2DM after delivery. Conclusion: Based upon our results we concluded that breast milk improves glucose tolerance, and has favorable immediate and short-term outcomes on glucose homeostasis, either in the mothers with GDM or diabetic mothers. Keywords: Breastfeeding, gestational diabetes Abbreviations: T2DM, GDM Funding and Conflicts of Interest None
The Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Nonalcoholic Fatty Liver Disease: A Systematic Literature Review; Abstract Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is glucose intolerance first identified during pregnancy. During this period, there is increased physiological stress in the mother due to higher metabolic demands, which can cause insulin resistance and hyperglycemia. Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a prevalent disease associated with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance. Objective: The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between GDM and NAFLD. Methods: A systematic literature review was conducted following the PRISMA guidelines. Papers were selected searching PubMed/Medline, SciELO and LILACS databases in October 2021 using the terms [Gestational Diabetes] AND [NAFLD]. The inclusion criterion was limited to observational studies that evaluated the association between GDM and NAFLD. There were no language or publication date restrictions. Results: Among the 57 studies initially identified, 6 were included in this systematic review. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, insulin resistance, and obesity are well-established risk factors shared by GDM and NAFLD. The studies have shown that patients with NAFLD are at higher risk of developing GDM. The increased risk is associated with the severity of steatosis and steatohepatitis. NAFLD can be associated with relevant obstetric morbidity, especially among non-obese women. NAFLD should be considered a high-risk obstetric scenario, demanding proper management and pre-pregnancy counseling. Conclusions: NAFLD is positively associated with GDM. Patients with NAFLD are at higher risk of developing GDM and can have relevant maternal morbidity. Keywords: Keywords: Gestational diabetes, Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. Abbreviations: Abbreviations: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA). Funding and Conflicts of Interest This study has not funding and no conflicts of interest.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: increased incidence during the COVID-19 pandemic; Abstract Introduction: Several studies reported an increased incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during the COVID-19 pandemic We describe our monocentric cohort of GDM patients in 2021 and compare it with a previous cohort of 2017. Material and methods: We performed a review of the inpatient clinic pregnancies that presented between January 1st and March 31st, 2021 We reported the main issues for the mother- baby dyads and compared them with a previous study before the COVID-19 crisis (October 1st to December 31st, 2017) Results: There were 110 GDM pregnant patients (13.44%) in the 2021 COVID-19 cohort, versus 94(6.2%) in the 2017 cohort A chi-square test of independence was performed to examine the relation between GDM and COVID-19 pandemic : the relation between these variables was significant, X2 = 34.9823, p < 0.00001. We also compared the incidence of neonatal macrosomia, and the test revealed a significant relation, X2 = 5.9452, p =0.014758. Discussion: The COVID-19 pandemic impacted negatively health of pregnant women, with a major increase on the incidence of GDM worlwide We depict a glance of such negative effects of the SARS-CoV-2 epidemic and show a higher local incidence of GDM and macrosomia Conclusion: The global COVID-19 pandemic led to an exponential increase in GDM cases, including in middle-income countries. These cases seem to be associated with negative outcomes, particularly for the newborn. Keywords: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Incidence, COVID-19, Macrosomia Abbreviations: GDM: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, COVID-19: Coronavirus Disease 2019, SARS-CoV-2: severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 Funding and Conflicts of Interest Nothing to disclose
Diabetic Ketoacidosis Masquerading as Rupture Uterus; Aim: To report a case of a pregnant patient with unconsciousness who was presented with features of obstetric hemorrhage but was diagnosed with diabetes ketoacidosis. Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus can cause many complications. Of these, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) is one. The clinical features of DKA include nausea, vomiting, mild abdominal discomfort, tachycardia, elevated random blood sugars, despite a normal or near normal HbA1c, and presence of urinary ketones. Case description: G2P1L1 with 28 weeks period of gestation who presented clinically similar to abruptio placenta, underwent cesarean section, but had coexisting DKA. Conclusion: When a patient presents with unconsciousness, the tendency of an obstetrician is to consider an obstetric diagnosis, whereas a coexisting metabolic condition which should not be neglected.
Prevalence of Abruptio Placentae and Potential Determinants of Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Women with Abruptio Placentae in a Tertiary Care Center in India: A Retrospective Study; Background: Abruptio placentae is one of the obstetric emergencies for both mother and fetus. Obstetrical hemorrhage is one of the main causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Hence, this study was conducted to find out the prevalence of abruptio placentae and potential determinants of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes at St John’s Medical College and Hospital, Bengaluru, India. Methods: This is a retrospective study of 5 years (2014–2019) at St John’s Medical College and Hospital. Totally, 16,082 charts were reviewed to find 140 cases with abruption. Data were collected using a structured validated questionnaire which included four parts, namely, sociodemographic details, risk factors, maternal outcomes, and perinatal outcomes. Statistical analysis was performed using IBM SPSS statistics 23.0. Results: A total of 16,082 deliveries occurred during study period, and 140 of them had abruptio placentae with prevalence of 8.7 in 1,000 deliveries. Most of the women belonged to 20–35 years of age (91.4%) and 76 (54.3%) were between 28 and 34 weeks of gestation. One-hundred and thirty-seven (97.9%) had singleton pregnancy and 77 (80%) were multigravida. Seventy-nine (54.5%) had preeclampsia. Postpartum hemorrhage was most frequently observed in maternal complication (30%). Other complications were disseminated intravascular coagulation (5%), intensive care unit (ICU) admission of mother (1.5%), and acute renal failure (9.3%). Interval between diagnosis to delivery and mode of delivery and parity index were analyzed as predictors for maternal and perinatal course, but they were not significant statistically. Significance was found for multipara and ICU admission of mother (p = 0.023). Conclusion: There is high association between antenatal complications like preeclampsia and abruptio placentae. Interval between diagnosis to delivery should not be prolonged (<24 hours). High parity index women need more attention during their antenatal period.
Role of heme oxygenase in the regulation of the renal hemodynamics in a model of sex-dependent programmed hypertension by maternal diabetes; Intrauterine programming of cardiovascular and renal function occurs in diabetes because of the adverse maternal environment. Heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) and -2 (HO-2) exert vasodilatory and antioxidant actions, particularly in conditions of elevated HO-1 expression or deficient nitric oxide levels. We evaluated whether the activity of the heme-HO system is differentially regulated by oxidative stress in the female offspring of diabetic mothers, contributing to the improved cardiovascular function in comparison with males. Diabetes was induced in pregnant rats by a single dose of streptozotocin (STZ, 50 mg/kg ip) in late gestation. Three-month-old male offspring from diabetic mothers (MODs) exhibited higher blood pressure (BP), higher renal vascular resistance (RVR), worse endothelium-dependent response to acetylcholine (ACH), and an increased constrictor response to phenylephrine (PHE) compared with those in age-matched female offspring of diabetic mothers (FODs), which were abolished by chronic tempol (1 mM) treatment. In anesthetized animals, stannous mesoporphyrin (SnMP; 40 mmol/kg iv) administration, to inhibit HO activity, increased RVR in FODs and reduced glomerular filtration rate (GFR) in MODs, without altering these parameters in control animals. When compared with MODs, FODs showed lower nitrotirosyne levels and higher HO-1 protein expression in renal homogenates. Indeed, chronic treatment with tempol in MODs prevented elevations in nitrotyrosine levels and the acute renal hemodynamics response to SnMP. Then, maternal diabetes results in sex-specific hypertension and renal alterations associated with oxidative stress mainly in adult male offspring, which are reduced in the female offspring by elevation in HO-1 expression and lower oxidative stress levels.
Maternal serum Lamin A is a potential biomarker that can predict adverse pregnancy outcomes; Background: Maternal serum Lamin A (LMNA) was reported to have potential diagnostic value in the prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease (CHD). In this study, we aimed to further assess the prognostic value of maternal serum LMNA in predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A prospective screening study was performed on singleton pregnancies at 15–18 weeks of gestation. After a routine test for alpha fetoprotein (AFP), chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), and unconjugated estriol (uE3), serum LMNA levels were measured. Serum LMNA levels were then converted into multiples of the median (MoM). The median MoM values for adverse pregnancy outcomes were compared with those in normal pregnancies. For diseases with differential LMNA expression in the prospective study, another case-control cohort was recruited. The diagnostic value of LMNA in these diseases was further evaluated. Findings: Between January 1, 2017 and June 30, 2018, a total of 2906 singleton pregnancies were recruited. Of the 2,906 cases, 2711 had data available for analysis. Congenital structural abnormalities, chromosomal abnormalities, and obstetric complications were observed in 152 (5·6%), 15 (0·6%), and 278 (10·3%) patients, respectively. LMNA was downregulated in pregnancies with fetal CHD, fetal neural tube defects (NTD), and preeclampsia (PE). The case-control study cohort included 256 CHD, 60 NTD, 67 PE, and 400 normal pregnancies. The areas under the curve for the prenatal diagnoses of CHD, NTD, and PE were 0·875, 0·871, and 0·816, respectively. Interpretation: Maternal serum LMNA was found to be a potential biomarker for the prenatal diagnosis of fetal CHD, NTD, and PE. Funding: National Key Research and Development Program, National Natural Science Foundation of China, LiaoNing Revitalization Talents Program, National Natural Science Foundation of Liaoning, and 345 Talent Project of Shengjing Hospital.
408 The effect of physical exercise on maternal and fetal circulation, In singleton pregnancies with gdm and in uncomplicated pregnancies; Introduction and aims: Low to moderate intensity physical exercise is recommended in uncomplicated pregnancies and in women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Aim of the present study is to investigate the effect of physical exercise on maternal and fetal circulation in uncomplicated and GDM pregnancies. Methods: 21 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 21 women with GDM between the 27th and 36th gestational weeks were included in the study. All women underwent 30 minutes of low to moderate intensity cycling at 60-70% of the estimated maximal heart rate. In all women the pulsatility index of the Middle Cerebral Artery (MCA), Umbilical Artery (UmA) and Uterine Arteries (UtA) were estimated before and immediately after the physical exercise. Results: The average maternal age in uncomplicated and GDM pregnancies were 31.2 ± 5.1 and 31.6 ± 5.4 respectively (p>0.05). The average gestational age in uncomplicated and GDM pregnancies were 32.1 ± 4.6 and 31.6 ± 5.1 respectively (p>0.05). The average BMI in uncomplicated and GDM pregnancies were 27.9 ± 5.3 and 28.4 ± 4.8 respectively (p>0.05). Before the physical exercise there was no statistically difference between the two groups regarding the pulsatility index of MCA, UmA and UtA (p>0.05). After the physical exercise, there was a statistically significant difference in the pulsatility index of the UtA between the uncomplicated 0.83 ± 0.2 and the GDM pregnancies 0.57 ± 0.1 and (p<0.05). After the physical exercise, there was no statistically significant difference in the pulsatility index of the MCA and UmA between the groups. Conclusions: The physical exercise led to decreased pulsatility index of UtA in the GDM pregnancies, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies.
202 Acute postpartum pulmonary edema – A case report; Introduction and aims of the study: Acute pulmonary edema is a rare complication in pregnancy and postpartum, with an estimated incidence between 0.08 and 0.5%. Acute pulmonary edema is the main cardiovascular complication of preeclampsia and one of the criteria of severe preeclampsia; occurs in 3% of preeclampsia cases, 70% of which take place during postpartum. The main risk factors for acute pulmonary edema in preeclampsia are advanced maternal age, multiparity and chronic hypertension. On the other side, preeclamspia and multiparity are risk factors for peripartum cardiomyopathy, which can also present itself with acute pulmonary edema; a common pathophysiological basis between preeclampsia and peripartum cardiomyopathy is under study. Methods: Case report. Results: 39 years-old pregnant women, melanodermic, with known history of unmedicated chronic hypertension (normotensive during pregnancy), two previous caesareans and gestational diabetes in present pregnancy. About 12h after elective caesarean delivery, at 39 weeks and 4 days, diagnosis of hypertensive acute pulmonary edema (blood pressure 172/128 mmHg) in context of postpartum preeclampsia, with clinical improvement after diuretic and vasodilatador therapy. Echocardiogram in intensive care unit revealed peripartum dilated cardiomyopathy with left cavities dilatation and systolic disfunction (ejection fraction of 25%). Treatment included congestive heart failure classic therapy associated to bromocriptine and anticoagulation, with symptomatic resolution and discharge at day 7 of hospital stay and contraindication to future pregnancies. Conclusions: Preeclampsia is one of the major causes of postpartum acute pulmonary edema; this case report illustrates its main risk factors. Otherwise, preeclampsia and peripartum cardiomyopathy can coexist; in these cases, echocardiogram is crucial in differential diagnosis, allowing to exclude other causes of acute pulmonary edema and evaluating cardiac function (systolic disfunction and reduced ejection fraction in peripartum cardiomyopathy versus diastolic disfunction and preserved ejection fraction in preeclampsia).
Does gestational diabetes increase the risk of maternal kidney disease? A Swedish national cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with the risk of chronic kidney disease. The aim was to examine the association between GDM and maternal CKD and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. Methods A population-based cohort study was designed using Swedish national registry data. Previous GDM diagnosis was the main exposure, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. Using Cox regression models, we estimated the risk of CKD (stages 3–5), ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other). Findings There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (14%) were diagnosed with GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 181, 95% CI 154–214) and ESKD (aHR 452, 95% CI 275–744). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 881, 95% CI 636–1219) and hypertensive CKD (aHR 246, 95% CI 106–569). These associations were largely explained by post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed (CKD, aHR 2170, 95% CI 1717–2742; ESKD, aHR 11237, 95% CI 6122–20638). But among those with GDM only, associations were non-significant (CKD, aHR 111, 95% CI 089–138; ESKD, aHR 158, 95% CI 070–360 respectively). Conclusion Women who experience GDM and subsequent T2DM are at increased risk of developing CKD and ESKD. However, GDM-diagnosed women who never develop overt T2DM have similar risk of future CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
Cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons born after ART with frozen and fresh embryo transfer; STUDY QUESTION: Do 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen embryo transfer (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh-ET) have increased arterial stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? SUMMARY ANSWER: The process of FET or Fresh-ET is not associated with altered cardiovascular function in 8- to 9-year-old singletons, including arterial stiffness, as compared to NC children. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: ART has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors (i.e. endothelial dysfunction, increased arterial blood pressure and insulin resistance). It is not known if ART procedures alter arterial stiffness in singletons. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: A cohort study was carried out, including 8- to 9-year-old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh-ET and NC children (50 children in each group). This study was conducted between November 2018 and August 2020. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: In total, 150 singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. They underwent cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and anthropometric measurements. Parental data were collected using questionnaires. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET/Fresh-ET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal gestational diabetes or maternal diabetes mellitus. Our primary outcome was arterial stiffness, which is assessed from noninvasive arterial blood pressure and aortic ascendens distensibility. The secondary outcome was the pulse wave velocity of total aorta and exploratory outcomes were left ventricular ejection fraction, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output and total peripheral resistance. Measurements and analyses were performed blinded to the child group. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Aortic ascendens distensibility of children conceived after FET and Fresh-ET did not differ from NC children (mean (SD): FET 11.1 (3.6) 10-3 mmHg-1, Fresh-ET 11.8 (3.0) 10-3 mmHg-1, NC 11.4 (2.8) 10-3 mmHg-1, P > 0.05). Multivariate linear regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders (i.e. child sex and age, maternal BMI at early pregnancy and maternal educational level). Data showed no statistically significant differences between study groups and aortic ascendens distensibility. However, the fully adjusted model showed a non-significant tendency of lowered aortic ascendens distensibility in children born after FET compared to Fresh-ET (β estimate (95% CI): -0.99 10-3 mmHg-1 (-2.20; 0.21)) and NC children (β estimate (95% CI): -0.77 10-3 mmHg-1 (-1.98; 0.44)). Lastly, secondary and exploratory outcomes did not differ between the groups. Primary and secondary outcomes showed good intra-rater reliability. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: This study is possibly limited by potential selection bias as the participation rate was higher in the ART compared to the NC group. Also, in some variables, the study groups differed slightly from the non-participant population. The non-participant population (n = 1770) included those who were excluded, not invited to CMR scan, or declined to participate in this study. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our findings indicate that children born after FET or Fresh-ET do not have altered cardiovascular function, including arterial stiffness. This is reassuring for the future use of ART. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was funded by the Novo Nordisk Foundation (grant reference number: NNF19OC0054340) and The Research Foundation of Rigshospitalet. All authors declared no conflict of interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03719703.
Community Health Programs Delivered Through Information and Communications Technology in High-Income Countries: Scoping Review; Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has required widespread and rapid adoption of information and communications technology (ICT) platforms by health professionals. Transitioning health programs from face-to-face to remote delivery using ICT platforms has introduced new challenges. Objective: The objective of this review is to scope for ICT-delivered health programs implemented within the community health setting in high-income countries and rapidly disseminate findings to health professionals. Methods: The Joanna Briggs Institute's scoping review methodology guided the review of the literature. Results: The search retrieved 7110 unique citations. Each title and abstract was screened by at least two reviewers, resulting in 399 citations for full-text review. Of these 399 citations, 72 (18%) were included. An additional 27 citations were identified through reviewing the reference lists of the included studies, resulting in 99 citations. Citations examined 83 ICT-delivered programs from 19 high-income countries. Variations in program design, ICT platforms, research design, and outcomes were evident. Conclusions: Included programs and research were heterogeneous, addressing prevalent chronic diseases. Evidence was retrieved for the effectiveness of nurse and allied health ICT-delivered programs. Findings indicated that outcomes for participants receiving ICT-delivered programs, when compared with participants receiving in-person programs, were either equivalent or better. Gaps included a paucity of co-designed programs, qualitative research around group programs, programs for patients and carers, and evaluation of cost-effectiveness. During COVID-19 and beyond, health professionals in the community health setting are encouraged to build on existing knowledge and address evidence gaps by developing and evaluating innovative ICT-delivered programs in collaboration with consumers and carers.
eP130: Infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to HRAS related Costello syndrome responsive to trametinib: Outcomes after 2 years; Background: RASopathies, such as HRAS related Costello syndrome, have a wide range of presentations with infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as one of the most life-limiting features. While data for Costello Syndrome is lacking, one-year survival of infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in patients with Noonan syndrome is only 31%. The common comorbidity of treatment resistant non-reentrant atrial tachycardia further complicates Costello syndrome. A unique area of hope in the treatment of infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to RASopathies is MEK inhibitors such as trametinib, which block the direct downstream effects of RAS overactivation. We report a patient with Costello syndrome successfully treated for infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with trametinib for two years. Case presentation: Our patient was born term via cesarean section for failure to progress to a mother with mild gestational diabetes which did not require treatment. Polyhydramnios and macrosomia were noted prenatally. She was admitted to an outside hospital neonatal intensive care unit for respiratory support with CPAP and hypoglycemia. On day of life 4 she was noted to have aberrant atrial conduction with tachyarrhythmia and echocardiogram showed biventricular hypertrophy, pulmonary stenosis, and an atrial septal defect. Her ventricular hypertrophy and hypoglycemia were attributed to the history of maternal gestational diabetes. She was transferred to our center due to persistence of the tachyarrhythmia at 2 weeks of age and genetics was consulted due to appreciation of dysmorphic features and a RASopathy panel was sent. She required increasing doses of both flecainide and propranolol to control her atrial tachyarrhythmia and underwent balloon valvuloplasty at 3 weeks of life for her pulmonary stenosis. At 1 month of age her genetic testing results identified a pathogenic variant in HRAS (HRAS NM_005343.2:c.34G>T; p.G12C), a rare Costello syndrome variant thought to be associated with more severe disease. Over the next few weeks she underwent bronchoscopy that showed pharyngomalacia and laryngomalacia with epiglottis prolapse; echocardiogram showed progression of her ventricular hypertrophy and a diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was made. Due to her bronchoscopy findings and her persistent need for respiratory support, tracheostomy was recommended. Due to progression of her hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, she was started on palliative, off-label trametinib at a dose of 0.024mg/kg/day at 58 days of age, or a quarter of a 0.5mg trametinib pill. Transient, clinically insignificant elevations of AST and ALT occurred coincident with institution of trametinib and normalized without intervention. Within a week of initiation of trametinib her b-type natriuretic peptide was half the previous level (1898pg/mL to 978pg/mL) and she began to tolerate a slow wean of respiratory support. At 94 days of life trametinib and was increased from a quarter of a pill to half a pill, or to 0.038mg/kg/day, in anticipation of discharge. She was discharged from the neonatal intensive care unit at 118 days of life on 0.25L of nasal oxygen. She had progressive improvement of her cardiac and respiratory status and has been off supplemental oxygen since five months of age. She has had no subsequent admissions. Gastrostomy tube placement is her only surgical intervention as of two years and two months of life. Her primary nutrition continued to be via gastrostomy tube, but has oral “tastes” of purees. Her trametinib dose has ranged between 0.020-0.040mg/kg/day. She has significant neurodevelopmental delay, but has made progressive improvements with developmental therapy support and currently she stands with support, “scoots” to move, and has a few words and signs for communication. Her gross motor development has been complicated by significant joint hypermobility and instability. She has amblyopia, but no other ocular or visual concerns. She had significant skin concerns and rash early, initially thought to be related to her trametinib, but her skin concerns resolved after dairy was eliminated from her diet. Conclusion: We report a patient with severe variant HRAS related Costello syndrome and infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy who has remained stable on palliative, off label trametinib for two years. In addition to being life prolonging in our patient, it has improved her quality of life as she has not had additional hospitalizations or surgeries and the only medical technology she is reliant on is gastrostomy tube feeding with a feeding pump. Off label trametinib use in patients with severe infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to RASopathy, including patients with Costello syndrome, is important to consider.
eP262: De novo heterozygous variant in the RAB11B gene presenting with combined cardiac defect and neurodevelopmental disorder: A case report; Background: The RAB11B gene (OMIM: 604198) encodes for a GTP-binding protein within the Rab11 GTPase subfamily which is associated with the regulation of exocytic and endocytic pathways. It also plays an essential role in ciliogenesis and vesicular trafficking. Pathogenic variants in RAB11B were first described in five patients in 2017. Subsequently, an additional patient was diagnosed through the Korean Undiagnosed Diseases Program (KUDP) in 2019. Clinical features shared by these patients were predominantly a neurological phenotype, including global developmental delay, epilepsy, hypotonia and gait disturbances. Ophthalmological, musculoskeletal, dermatological, and urological findings were also reported in some patients. MRI brain abnormalities were present in many of these patients and include decrease in white matter volume, patchy white matter signals, cerebellar hypoplasia, ventriculomegaly, thin corpus callosum and atypical partial rhombencephalosynapsis. Here we describe a 6-year-old male with previously unreported clinical findings of congenital heart defect in this disorder. Case presentation: A 5-year-old term male presented with prenatal complications of fetal congenital heart disease, maternal hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. Fetal echocardiogram identified a tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) and post-natal echocardiogram confirmed the TOF with pulmonary valve atresia and 2 aorto-pulmonary collateral vessels from the descending aorta. Clinical examination at birth revealed bilateral congenital vertical talus but no other dysmorphic features. Fluorescent in-situ hybridization test for 22q11.2 deletion was negative. Chromosomal microarray analysis revealed a 133kb deletion of uncertain significance on chromosome 5q14.3. A head and renal ultrasound was normal at birth. He was diagnosed with congenital nystagmus and microcoria at 6 months of age with low amplitude on visual evoked potential testing. MRI brain revealed an extremely hypoplastic corpus callosum and brainstem, bilateral optic nerve hypoplasia, marked depletion of white matter and delayed myelination. He requires a G-tube for feeding. He has significant global developmental delays and is non-verbal. A clinical trio exome sequencing revealed a de novo, heterozygous, missense variant of unknown significance in the RAB11B gene (c.64 G>A; p.al22Met). This variant has since been re-classified as a pathogenic variant based on the published case series of 6 other individuals with similar phenotype. Given the fact that RAB11B is highly expressed in brain, cardiac and testicular tissue with various roles in ciliogenesis and vesicular trafficking, this patient’s cardiac defect is likely secondary to the pathogenic variant the RAB11B gene. Conclusion: We present this case of a de novo, heterozygous RAB11B variant presenting with a congenital heart defect in addition to a neurodevelopmental phenotype, thus expanding the phenotypic spectrum of this rare disorder.
eP080: A rare case of mosaic trisomy 15 with chylothorax; Background: Patients with full trisomy 15 or mosaic trisomy 15 have been rarely reported. Many literature articles describe identifying trisomy 15 in products of conception, deeming it one of the more common causes of miscarriages related to chromosome anomalies (∼7%). However, the liveborn incidence of mosaic trisomy 15 has been described in only ten cases in the literature. Patients with mosaic trisomy 15 have been described to have intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies of the heart defects, brain, kidneys, and genitalia, skeletal findings including rib anomalies and abnormal hand posture, dysmorphic craniofacial features, cleft palate, and developmental delay. Unfortunately, many individuals have passed away due to their multiple congenital anomalies within the first year of life. Case presentation: We report here on a 16-month-old female with a diagnosis of mosaic trisomy 15. Our patient is the first child born to her parents. The pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes that was diet controlled. She was born at 37 weeks weighing 2.65 kg (24th percentile), was 47 cm long (38th percentile) and had an OFC of 33.5 cm (55th percentile). She required interventions for respiratory distress shortly after birth in the form of CPAP. Echocardiogram was notable for a large ASD, multiple small VSDs, PDA, and a bicuspid aortic valve. She developed worsening peripheral pulmonary hypertension and was transferred to our center for tertiary care. Imaging identified left pleural effusion and she was found to have a chylothorax. Due to the congenital heart defects and chylothorax, Genetics was consulted. We recommended a microarray analysis which identified a mosaic gain of chromosome 15 in 20% of the peripheral blood sample. Chromosome analysis of the PHA-stimulated blood didn’t reveal gain of chromosome 15. We also completed methylation and copy number analysis for Prader-Willi/Angelman syndrome critical region. This result was reported as normal, although showed a trend for chromosome 15 copy number gain and that the extra copy of chromosome 15 was maternally derived. This is consistent with a most likely mechanism of trisomy 15 conception due to maternal non-disjunction followed by a trisomy rescue event post-zygotically. During a cardiac procedure, a small sample of cardiac tissue was obtained. A microarray analysis completed on the tissue sample was notable for a mosaic, 75-80% gain of chromosome 15. She was hospitalized for the first five months of her life during which she required pulmonary artery banding, coarctation repair, PDA ligation, and stent placement/balloon dilation for pulmonary vein stenosis. Escalating needs for respiratory support ended in intubation. She failed extubation trials and was found to have subglottic stenosis. Balloon dilation, steroid injections, and a cricoid split failed and a tracheostomy was placed. Prior to discharge, a g-tube was also placed due to poor coordination and inability to feed safely. Over the next several months, she had multiple readmissions for complications of her heart disease and increasing respiratory needs. She was admitted to an outside hospital for repeat balloon dilation, VSD closure, partial ASD closure, pulmonary artery de-banding, and stent extraction with sutureless pulmonary vein repair. She has had multiple cardiac catheterizations due to her recurrent/residual left sided pulmonary vein stenosis and elevated pulmonary vascular resistance. She has developed horizontal nystagmus, hyperopia and pseudoesotropia. There are no clinical concerns for hearing loss with a normal newborn hearing screen and an auditory brainstem response study planned. She continues to require oxygen support via ventilation. She is g-tube dependent and trialing tastes by mouth. Her physical examination is notable for hypertelorism, epicanthal folds, depressed nasal bridge, anteverted short nares, and small and wide spaced teeth. Her weight is at the 4th centile, her length is at the 50th centile for a 9-month-old, and her head circumference is at the 50th percentile for a 7-month-old. An abdominal ultrasound noted increased echogenicity of the kidneys. A brain MRI was notable for mild to moderate prominence of the subarachnoid spaces. At 16 months old, she can sit without support and is pulling to a stand independently. She is rolling and army crawling. She is reaching for and holding objects, transferring them from hand to hand. She is extremely social and is frequently smiling. A tracheostomy remains in place and limits her vocal abilities. She seems to understand more than 25 words and will choose words from her communication board including “yes”, “no”, “sleep” and “eat”. She receives multiple therapy services. Conclusion: Cases of liveborn mosaic trisomy 15 are rare, with most children passing away in infancy due to congenital anomalies. Our patient is a 16-month-old female with a complex history who continues to defy the odds. She presented with a chylothorax, which has never been reported in this condition. She also has significant pulmonary vein stenosis and pulmonary vascular resistance, not previously reported. Despite these complications, she is continuing to make developmental progress. Our patient is one of the few liveborn children with mosaic trisomy 15 to survive past the first year of life.
eP256: Intrafamilial variability in chromosome 2q13 microdeletion: Case report and review of the literature; Background: Chromosome microarray technology has disclosed an increasing number of submicroscopic copy number variants for which interpretation of pathogenicity can be difficult. One useful approach is comparison of phenotypic findings among individuals with similar genotypes, both within families and in unrelated individuals. Delineation of pathogenicity can pose a difficult challenge when information on a given submicroscopic copy number variant is scarce, or conflicting. Certain cytogenetic locations appear prone to copy number variation, considered to be mediated by flanking highly homologous duplicated regions. This context generates a predisposition to non-allelic homologous recombination with potential to result in either genomic gains or losses. Chromosome 2q13 is one such location, with reported 1.7 Mb copy number variants including both gains and losses. Previous reports of a recurrent 2q13 microdeletion syndrome have yielded variable and nonspecific phenotypic data. Features reported include autism spectrum disorder, developmental delay, congenital heart disease, dysmorphic craniofacial features, and hypotonia. We describe two siblings with 2q13 microdeletion and varied clinical phenotypes, review the literature (15 papers, 54 subjects, nine heterozygote parents), and collate existing data on this condition. Case presentation: Case 1: A male infant was born at 36 weeks gestation to a 34 year old mother via cesarean-section for maternal hypertension. The birth weight was 2296 grams (2.5th percentile) and length 44.5 cm (2nd percentile). There was limited prenatal care during the pregnancy, which was complicated by maternal hepatitis C and syphilis, as well as intrauterine exposure to heroin, methadone, and methamphetamine. At birth, the infant required NICU admission for withdrawal symptoms. While admitted, he had a positive lumbar puncture for syphilis, which was treated with antibiotics. An echocardiogram performed to evaluate a heart murmur at two months of age showed a small atrial septal defect and mild pulmonary valve stenosis. At 7 months of age, he was noted to have developmental delay, nystagmus, pigmentary retinopathy, dysmorphic craniofacial features (frontal bossing, ocular hypertelorism) and hypotonia, prompting referral for genetics evaluation. Chromosomal microarray was obtained and showed a deletion of 2q13 (111398336_113101219 x1). Case 2 (Older sister of case 1): A female infant was born at 29 weeks via cesarean-section to a then 30 year old mother. Pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes. An echocardiogram to evaluate a congenital heart murmur showed patent foramen ovale, atrial septal defect, and small aorto-pulmonary collateral vessel. Dysmorphic craniofacial features were observed including ocular hypertelorism, bulbous nasal tip. Additional phenotypic features include developmental delay and antalgic gait. Chromosomal microarray showed the same 2q13 deletion as her brother. We reviewed the medical literature and identified 15 papers describing 63 examples of 2q13 deletion, including 54 pediatric subjects and nine parents. The most common features were facial dysmorphism, cardiac defects, and neurocognitive delays. Conclusion: It is apparent that some regions of the human genome are prone to recurrent copy number variations. Possession of accurate phenotypic data is important to aid with management and genetic counseling when such copy number variants are found. Detailed phenotypic descriptions of chromosome 2q13 microdeletion are relatively rarely reported. Here, we describe an example of intrafamilial variability and review the available literature on this disorder. Variable penetrance and/or expressivity appears to characterize this microdeletion syndrome, the molecular bases for which will require further research.
eP200: Noonan syndrome associated with focal occipital alopecia in a patient with RAF1 variant: A case report and literature review; Background: Noonan syndrome (NS) is a heterogenous condition characterized by distinctive craniofacial features, cardiac defects, and neurodevelopmental changes and is caused by variants in one of seven genes coding for proteins within the Ras-MAPK pathway. Pathogenic variants in RAF1 account for approximately 3-17% of cases and are associated with a high prevalence of severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and pulmonary hypertension (PHTN). Cerebrovascular and Chiari I malformations, although rare, have also been described in individuals with RAF-1 NS. To our knowledge, the presence of congenital occipital alopecia in an individual with NS has not been previously reported. Case presentation: We report a patient with a de novo pathogenic heterozygous RAF1 gene sequence variant, c.770C>T (p.Ser257Leu), with atypical scalp findings. Our proband was a 4-week-old female dichorionic, diamniotic twin born at 35 weeks 2 days gestation to nonconsanguineous parents. At birth, her length was 45.7 cm (14th centile), weight was 2656 g (69th centile), and head circumference was 34.5 cm (97th centile). The mother was 38 at the time of birth. There was no history of maternal or gestational diabetes. Prenatal ultrasound was concerning for cystic hygroma. The immediate neonatal course was complicated by acute respiratory failure, left ventricular outflow tract obstruction with concern for coarctation on echocardiogram, poor feeding, and failed newborn hearing screen which prompted transfer to a tertiary NICU for further management. At the time of consultation, the following problems had been identified: bilateral cataracts, significant redundant posterior neck folds that showed fatty soft tissue neck mass without a cystic component, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with elevated pulmonary arterial pressures. Physical exam was notable for relative macrocephaly with turricephaly, lowset, posteriorly rotated ears, redundant posterior neck folds, and a focal, 1cm circular area of alopecia at the midline occipital region. These findings were concerning for a RASopathy. Imaging of her superficial midline scalp defect with brain MRI showed a suspected atretic encephalocele, but CT did not reveal any occipital bony defects. After re-evaluation, it was confirmed that there was no intracranial connection or bony defect at the area of the congenital alopecia nor at the level of the suboccipital skin thickening/redundancy. Chromosomal microarray was nondiagnostic and thus exome sequence analysis was preformed which detected the pathogenic RAF1 variant. The diagnosis of RAF1 NS accounts for nearly all of the physical changes seen in our patient, particularly the severe degree of PHTN and HCM, with the exception of her occipital alopecia. Since our initial consultation, the patient continues to grow along NS-specific curve, has persistent mild bilateral hearing loss, and has had interval placement of gastric tube secondary to oral feeding difficulties. There has been mild improvement in cardiac function, septal hypertrophy, and PHTN. She remains seizure-free. Conclusion: This report expands the phenotype of RAF1 Noonan syndrome to include congenital focal alopecia. We recommend that NS should be added to the differential when this same scalp finding is present. Although the presence of this physical finding in our patient was not definitively associated with any underlying structural CNS or bony changes, this case highlights the importance of investigating with detailed cranial and spinal imaging to better characterize cerebral morphology and guide genetic testing in suspected RASopathy cases. Additional cases with this finding are needed to better understand potential associations.
Prevalence of Cardiovascular Drugs Among Pregnant Women in Sudan; Background: Pregnant women with heart disease present multiple medical dilemmas. Pregnancy-related physiological changes impair the heart's ability to respond to pathological processes such as hypertension and heart failure. Aim: The current study's aim is to elicit data on cardiovascular medication use during pregnancy. Methods: This is a descriptive, retrospective, cross-sectional, hospital-based study, carried out in Military Hospitals and Khartoum Teaching Hospital, in Sudan. A data collection form was utilized to gather information from 650 patient files of pregnant women. Results: 650 subjects met the study criteria; 7% of women (N=46) were dispensed cardiovascular medications, the consumption being significantly higher in the third trimester (7-9 months) in 78.26% (p<0.05). The most common cardiovascular drugs dispensed were Methyldopa (N=26, 4.0%), Heparin (N=9, 1.3%), Nifedipine (N=7, 1.0%), Hydralazine (N=2, 0.3%) and Diazepam (N=2, 0.3%). Methyldopa is the commonest in the all trimesters - first (1-3 months) (N=2, 0.3%), second (4-6 months) (N=4, 0.6%) and third (7-9 months) (N=20, 3.0%). Nifedipine and Diazepam were used only in the third trimester. Conclusions: There are many clinical situations requiring cardiovascular medications in pregnancy. Thus, it is necessary to conduct frequent health educational programs educating pregnant women about the risk factors for pregnancy-induced cardiovascular disease, and proper use of medication.
Maternal and Fetal Effects of COVID-19 Virus on a Complicated Triplet Pregnancy: a Case Report; Background: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVLD-19), the global pandemic that has spread throughout the world, is caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Given the limited scientific evidence on the manifestations and potential impact of this virus on pregnancy, we decided to report this case. Case presentation: The patient was a 38 year-old Iranian woman with a triplet pregnancy and a history of primary infertility, as well as hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. She was hospitalized at 29 weeks and 2 days gestational age due to elevated liver enzymes, and finally, based on a probable diagnosis of gestational cholestasis, she was treated with ursodeoxycholic acid. On the first day of hospitalization, sonography was performed, which showed that biophysical scores and amniotic fluid were normal in all three fetuses, with normal Doppler findings in two fetuses and increased umbilical artery resistance (pulsatility index [PI] > 95%) in one fetus. On day 4 of hospitalization, she developed fever, cough and myalgia, and her COVID-19 test was positive. Despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses leading to the rapid development of absent umbilical artery end-diastolic flow. Finally, 6 days later, the patient underwent cesarean section due to rapid exacerbation of placental insufficiency and declining biophysical score in two of the fetuses. Nasopharyngeal swab COVID-19 tests were negative for the first and third babies and positive for the second baby. The first and third babies died 3 and 13 days after birth, respectively, due to collapsed white lung and sepsis. The second baby was discharged in good general condition. The mother was discharged 3 days after cesarean section. She had no fever at the time of discharge and was also in good general condition. Conclusions: This was a complicated triplet pregnancy, in which, after maternal infection with COVID-19, despite mild maternal symptoms, exacerbated placental insufficiency occurred in two of the fetuses, and the third fetus had a positive COVID-19 test after birth. Therefore, in cases of pregnancy with COVID-19 infection, in addition to managing the mother, it seems that physicians would be wise to also give special attention to the possibility of acute placental insufficiency and subsequent fetal hypoxia, and also the probability of vertical transmission.
GATA2/FGF21 Axis Regulates the Effects of High Glucose on the Apoptosis, Autophagy and Oxidative Stress of Human Umbilical Vein Endothelial Cell via PI3K/AKT/mTOR Pathway; Objective. We investigated the role and mechanism of GATA-binding factor 2/Fibroblast growth factor 21 (GATA2/FGF21) axis in high glucose (HG)-induced injury in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC). Methods. After HG treatment and transfection, the viability and apoptosis of HUVECs were determined via Cell Counting Kit-8 and Hoechst 33258 staining methods, and the content of lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) was measured via colorimetric assay and DCFH-DA staining.The potential transcription factor of FGF21 was predicted with bioinformatic analysis and confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation. The expressions of GATA2/FGF21, apoptosis-, autophagy- and phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway-related factors were quantified with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction or Western blot. Results. Overexpressed FGF21 abolished the effects of HG on repressing the expressions of FGF21 and cell viability, and promoting apoptosis, the levels of LDH and ROS and autophagy in HUVECs, with increased Bcl-2 and p62 expression yet decreased Bax, Cleaved PARP, Cleaved caspase-3, LC3 II/LC3 I ratio and Beclin 1. GATA2 was the transcription factor of FGF21 and was downregulated after HG treatment, and the effects of overexpressed FGF21 in HG-treated HUVECs were all reversed after the silence of GATA2. Besides, overexpressed FGF21 promoted the activation of PI3K/ AKT/mTOR pathway, with increased phosphorylation levels of PI3K, AKT and mTOR, whereas silencing GATA2 abolished the trend. Conclusion. GATA2/FGF21 axis has a protective function against HG in HUVEC via regulating PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway.
Interventions to Mitigate Risk of Cardiovascular Disease after Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Review; Importance: A growing body of evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes (GD), preterm birth, and intrauterine growth restriction, are associated with increased risk of cardiometabolic disease and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. Adverse pregnancy outcomes may therefore represent an opportunity to intervene to prevent or delay onset of CVD. The objective of this review was to summarize the current evidence for targeted postpartum interventions and strategies to reduce CVD risk in women with a history of APOs. Observations: A search of PubMed and Ovid for English-language randomized clinical trials, cohort studies, descriptive studies, and guidelines published from January 1, 2000, to April 30, 2021, was performed. Four broad categories of interventions were identified: transitional clinics, lifestyle interventions, pharmacotherapy, and patient and clinician education. Observational studies suggest that postpartum transitional clinics identify women who are at elevated risk for CVD and may aid in the transition to longitudinal primary care. Lifestyle interventions to increase physical activity and improve diet quality may help reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD; less is known about women with other prior APOs. Metformin hydrochloride may prevent development of type 2 diabetes in women with prior GD. Evidence is lacking in regard to specific pharmacotherapies after other APOs. Cardiovascular guidelines endorse using a history of APOs to refine CVD risk assessment and guide statin prescription for primary prevention in women with intermediate calculated 10-year CVD risk. Research suggests a low level of awareness of the link between APOs and CVD among both patients and clinicians. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that transitional clinics, lifestyle intervention, targeted pharmacotherapy, and clinician and patient education represent promising strategies for improving postpartum maternal cardiometabolic health in women with APOs; further research is needed to develop and rigorously evaluate these interventions. Future efforts should focus on strategies to increase maternal postpartum follow-up, improve accessibility to interventions across diverse racial and cultural groups, expand awareness of sex-specific CVD risk factors, and define evidence-based precision prevention strategies for this high-risk population.
Gestational diabetes mellitus induces placental vasculopathies; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) poses significant long- and short-term risks to both the developing fetus and the mother. GDM can lead to maternal complications during pregnancy and increase the mother's risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease later. The present study aimed to evaluate the maternal and fetal vasculopathies in the placenta of Saudi women with GDM. This prospective study examined 84 placentas from full-term pregnant women with no complications other than GDM; 40 placentas were collected from healthy women (controls), and 44 were collected from women diagnosed with GDM. The sampling took place in King Saud University Medical City, Riyadh, between January and August 2019. All placentas were histologically examined according to the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group (2014, 2015). The results showed that the most common placental changes on the maternal side of the placenta in the GDM group were significant syncytial knots (77%), calcification (70%), villous agglutination (57%), decidual vasculopathy (43%), and retroplacental hemorrhage (34%). Placental infarction was the least common placental change in both groups. On the fetal side, vasculopathies included significant villous fibrinoid necrosis (70.5%), chorangiosis (50%), fibromuscular sclerosis (50%), and villous edema (38.6%). Significant villous fibrinoid necrosis, villous edema, and significant fibromuscular sclerosis were more prevalent in the GDM group. The present study concluded that gestational diabetes mellitus induces histopathological phenotypes in the full-term placenta. Increased decidual vasculopathy, syncytial knots, retroplacental hemorrhage, classification, villous agglutination, chorangiosis, villous edema, villous fibroid necrosis, and fibromuscular sclerosis may indicate GDM in the mother. Such findings in the placenta of a woman who has not been diagnosed with GDM increase the need for GDM examination in future pregnancies.
A Mediterranean Diet Pattern Is Associated with Lower Risk of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in US Women: Results from the NuMoM2b Cohort; Introduction: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD). While the Mediterranean diet pattern has been inversely related to CVD outcomes, its association with APOs in US women has not been previously evaluated.Hypothesis: Adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern during the periconception period is associated with lower risk of APOs. Methods: Racially and ethnically diverse women (n=8075, mean age: 27±6y) from the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) cohort were enrolled across 8 US medical centers from 2010-13. An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in the first trimester. APOs were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, small for gestational age, or stillbirth. Multivariable logistic regression was used to examine associations of the aMed score and its components with any APO and individual APOs. Results: Women in the highest vs. lowest quintile of the aMed score had 21% lower odds of developing any APO, and 36% and 52% lower odds of preeclampsia/eclampsia and gestational diabetes, respectively; a linear trend across aMed score categories was detected (p-trend<0.05) (Figure). When aMed score components were examined separately, higher intakes of vegetables, fruits, legumes, and fish and lower intakes of red meat were related to up to 26% lower odds of APOs. Conclusions: Greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is related to lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response relationship, highlighting the potential of this diet pattern in CVD primordial prevention efforts in US women. Long-term studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification in the periconception period can reduce risk of APOs and future CVD.
Maternal or Parental Outcomes during Delivery Related Hospitalizations among Pregnant Individuals with Obesity in the United States; Background: The prevalence of obesity among people of reproductive age has steadily increased. The rates of both maternal/parental and fetal adverse outcomes increased significantly with higher BMI. In this study, we examined the national estimates of adverse maternal/parental and fetal outcomes among pregnant individuals with pre-pregnancy obesity using a nationally representative database. Methods: This was a retrospective observational analysis of data retrieved from the Nationwide Inpatient Sample database (2010-2014). The primary outcomes of this study were various adverse maternal/parental and fetal outcomes. Delivery related hospitalizations and all outcomes were identified using the ICD-9 codes. Additionally, propensity-score matching analysis was conducted. Results: There were a total of 18,687,217 delivery-related hospitalizations, of which 1,048,323 were among people with obesity. The mean age of pregnant persons with obesity was 28.5 years while among those without obesity was 28.0 years. Between both groups, most pregnant persons were White, followed by Hispanic and Black. Pregnant persons with obesity were more likely to have labor inductions (AOR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.42, 1.60), cesarean deliveries (1.70; 1.62, 1.79), and greater length of stay after both cesarean deliveries (1.14; 1.08, 1.36) and vaginal deliveries (1.48; 1.23, 1.77). They were also more likely to have risk factors for adverse obstetrical outcomes such as gestational hypertension (2.17; 2.06, 2.29), preeclampsia (2.06; 1.42, 2.99), gestational diabetes (2.75; 2.60, 2.90), premature rupture of membranes (1.17; 1.08, 1.27), chorioamnionitis (1.39; 1.25, 1.55), and venous thromboembolism (1.63; 1.34, 1.99). Additionally, pregnant persons with obesity were more likely to have adverse fetal outcomes such as excessive fetal growth (3.18; 2.96, 3.43) and fetal distress (1.28; 1.21, 1.35).Conclusion: Pregnant persons with obesity had significantly greater risk for adverse obstetrical outcomes. Risk stratification of pregnant individuals based on obesity can inform obstetrical providers' clinical decision-making and potentially improve patient outcomes and decrease costs. There is an opportunity to address these risks with pre-conception interventions. Future studies could examine the effect of pre-conception interventions such as counseling on pre-pregnancy weight management, lifestyle modifications addressing nutrition and activity, and pre-pregnancy bariatric surgery.
Pregnancy and Reproductive Risk Factors for Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Beyond conventional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, women face an additional burden of sex-specific risk factors. Key stages of a woman's reproductive history may influence or reveal short- and long-term cardiometabolic and cardiovascular trajectories. Early and late menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, infertility, adverse pregnancy outcomes (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and intrauterine growth restriction), and absence of breastfeeding are all associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk. The menopause transition additionally represents a period of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk, with timing (eg, premature menopause), mechanism, and symptoms of menopause, as well as treatment of menopause symptoms, each contributing to this risk. Differences in conventional cardiovascular disease risk factors appear to explain some, but not all, of the observed associations between reproductive history and later-life cardiovascular disease; further research is needed to elucidate hormonal effects and unique sex-specific disease mechanisms. A history of reproductive risk factors represents an opportunity for comprehensive risk factor screening, refinement of cardiovascular disease risk assessment, and implementation of primordial and primary prevention to optimize long-term cardiometabolic health in women.
Clinical Value of Echo-Tracking in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background Vascular endothelial function plays an essential role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pathogenesis. Vascular elasticity is evaluated by the echo-tracking (ET) technique. In this study, we aimed to assess the clinical value of the ET technique in women with GDM and provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. Methods Sixty-five patients with GDM and 65 gestational week-matched normal glucose tolerance pregnant women were enrolled in this study. The endothelial function parameters of pressure-strain elasticity coefficient (EP), the common carotid stiffness index (β), arterial compliance (AC), single-point pulsed-wave velocity (PWVβ), and augment index (AI) of bilateral common carotid arteries, were compared between the GDM and control groups by using ET technique. The correlations between plasma glucose levels and ET parameters were also analyzed. Results Our results indicated that EP, β, PWVβ, and AI were significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.05), whereas AC was significantly lower in patients with GDM than in the control group (p<0.001). In addition, fasting plasma glucose and plasma glucose level after 2 h oral glucose tolerance test was correlated with ET parameters of EP, β, PWVβ, AI, and AC. Conclusions The application of ET technology to gestational diabetes women could provide a basis for early evaluation and prevention of gestational diabetes. It would detect early and accurate signs of diabetes in pregnant women and provide a timely and reasonable clinical treatment plan to reduce and delay the occurrence of complications.
Level of knowledge, attitude and practice towards diabetes among nationals and long-term residents of Qatar: A cross-sectional study; Objectives This study examines the levels of knowledge, attitude and practices (KAP) towards diabetes among Qatar nationals and long-term residents and its association with participants' selected demographics. Setting A cross-sectional study conducted in public areas in all the eight municipalities of Qatar from July to October 2018. Participants 2400 participants from the general public (nationals and long-term residents) stratified by gender, age and nationality across all geographic locations in Qatar. Primary and secondary outcome measures Responses were scored from 0% to 100% and KAP scores were classified as low (0%-49%), intermediate (50%-74%) or high (75%-100%). Analyses and comparisons were performed using descriptive statistics and χ 2 test at 5% level. Results Most participants (54%) had an intermediate overall KAP score, 43% had a low score and only 3% had a high score. The knowledge scores were the lowest among participants, 69% had low, 29% had intermediate and only 2% had high scores. Participants scored better in attitude and practice; the percentages of participants who scored high, intermediate and low were 32%, 55% and 13% for attitude, and 37%, 33% and 30% for practice, respectively. Except for age, level of knowledge significantly varied by gender, nationality and diabetes-related diagnosis (p<0.001); attitude and practice levels differed significantly in all four factors. Areas where participants were deficient include: diabetes types, risk factors, signs and symptoms, complications, recommended daily exercise, normal fasting glucose level, preventive measures, management and control and understanding about complexity of diabetes. Conclusions Participants generally have intermediate levels of positive attitudes and practices towards diabetes but low knowledge in diabetes-related factors. The data suggest that future communications should focus on educating the public and conduct mass campaigns about diabetes to improve knowledge especially targeting men and women, and both nationals and expatriates.
Pregnancy Complications Lead to Subclinical Maternal Heart Dysfunction-The Importance and Benefits of Follow-Up Using Speckle Tracking Echocardiography; Pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are frequent and influence not only fetal outcomes but also the maternal cardiac function. GDM and HDP may act as a proxy for increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk later in life. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a relatively new imaging technique that provides more sensitive assessment than conventional echocardiography of the maternal cardiac function. Recent research suggests that STE can be used during pregnancy and postpartum as a useful method of early detection of subclinical maternal cardiac changes related to pregnancy complications, such as GDM and HDP, and as an indicator for future maternal cardiovascular disorders. The aim of this review was to underline the current value of STE in the follow-up protocol of high-risk pregnant women, as a mean for pre- and postpartum monitoring. A review of the literature was conducted in the PubMed database to select relevant articles regarding the association of STE changes and HDP or GDM in the prenatal and postpartum maternal evaluations. Both GDM and HDP are associated with subtle myocardial changes in shape, size and function; these preclinical cardiac changes, often missed by conventional evaluation, can be detected using STE. Left ventricular global circumferential strain might be an important predictor of maternal cardiovascular disorders and might help to define a high-risk group that requires regular monitoring later in life and timely intervention.
Fetal cerebral three-dimensional power Doppler vascularization indices and their relationships with maternal glucose levels in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes; Objectives: We aimed to evaluate fetal cerebral circulation using three-dimensional power Doppler (3DPD) vascular indices and to study their relationships with maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles. Methods: Case–control study in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) at 28–32 weeks in which feto-maternal Doppler study and 3DPD cerebral vascularization indices (FI, VI and VFI) were determined. Maternal lipid and glycaemic profiles were also analysed. Both groups were compared and the correlations of the 3DPD indices with studied variables were analysed. Results: There were significant differences between groups in cerebral FI (p= 0.02), mean maternal Uterine artery PI (p= 0.009) and glucose levels (p= 0.001), being higher in the GDM group. Significant negative correlations were found in GDM group between VFI and MCA PI (p = 0.02) and between VI and MCA PI (p= 0.01). In the GDM group we found a negative significant correlation between FI, VI, VFI and maternal glucose (r= −0.52, p<0.001; r= −0.32, p=0.03 and r= −0.36, p= 0.01, respectively). Conclusions: Fetal cerebral FI values were higher in GDM pregnancies. All 3DPD vascular indices showed an inverse correlation with maternal glucose levels. These findings support the view that GDM may also represent a fetal vascular disorder influencing fetal neurodevelopment.
Developing and Validating Nomogram to Predict Severe Postpartum Hemorrhage in Women With Placenta Previa Undergoing Cesarean Delivery: A Multicenter Retrospective Case-Control Study; Objective: Developing and validating nomogram to predict severe postpartum hemorrhage (SPPH) in women with placenta previa (PP) undergoing cesarean delivery. Methods: We conducted a multicenter retrospective case-control study in five hospitals. In this study, 865 patients from January, 2018 to June, 2020 were enrolled in the development cohort, and 307 patients from July, 2020 to June, 2021 were enrolled in the validation cohort. Independent risk factors for SPPH were obtained by using the multivariate logistic regression, and preoperative nomogram and intraoperative nomogram were developed, respectively. We compared the discrimination, calibration, and net benefit of the two nomograms in the development cohort and validation cohort. Then, we tested whether the intraoperative nomogram could be used before operation. Results: There were 204 patients (23.58%) in development cohort and 80 patients (26.06%) in validation cohort experienced SPPH. In development cohort, the areas under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve (AUC) of the preoperative nomogram and intraoperative nomogram were 0.831 (95% CI, 0.804, 0.855) and 0.880 (95% CI, 0.854, 0.905), respectively. In validation cohort, the AUC of the preoperative nomogram and intraoperative nomogram were 0.825 (95% CI, 0.772, 0.877) and 0.853 (95% CI, 0.808, 0.898), respectively. In the validation cohort, the AUC was 0.839 (95% CI, 0.789, 0.888) when the intraoperative nomogram was used before operation. Conclusion: We developed the preoperative nomogram and intraoperative nomogram to predict the risk of SPPH in women with PP undergoing cesarean delivery. By comparing the discrimination, calibration, and net benefit of the two nomograms in the development cohort and validation cohort, we think that the intraoperative nomogram performed better. Moreover, application of the intraoperative nomogram before operation can still achieve good prediction effect, which can be improved if the severity of placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) can be accurately distinguished preoperatively. We expect to conduct further prospective external validation studies on the intraoperative nomogram to evaluate its application value.
Trends and burden of diabetes in pregnancy among Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers in Western Australia, 1998-2015; BACKGROUND: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), which includes pre-gestational and gestational diabetes, is more prevalent among Aboriginal women. DIP and its adverse neonatal outcomes are associated with diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. This study investigated the impact of DIP on trends of large for gestational age (LGA) in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal populations, and added to the limited evidence on temporal trends of DIP burden in these populations. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study that included all births in Western Australia between 1998 and 2015 using linked population health datasets. Time trends of age-standardised and crude rates of pre-gestational and gestational diabetes were estimated in Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal mothers. Mixed-effects multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DIP and population LGA trends over time. RESULTS: Over the study period, there were 526,319 births in Western Australia, of which 6.4% were to Aboriginal mothers. The age-standardised annual rates of pre-gestational diabetes among Aboriginal mothers rose from 4.3% in 1998 to 5.4% in 2015 and remained below 1% in non-Aboriginal women. The comparable rates for gestational diabetes increased from 6.7 to 11.5% over the study period in Aboriginal women, and from 3.5 to 10.2% among non-Aboriginal mothers. LGA rates in Aboriginal babies remained high with inconsistent and no improvement in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and pre-gestational diabetes, respectively. Regression analyses showed that DIP explained a large part of the increasing LGA rates over time in Aboriginal babies. CONCLUSIONS: There has been a substantial increase in the burden of pre-gestational diabetes (Aboriginal women) and gestational diabetes (Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal) in recent decades. DIP appears to substantially contribute to increasing trends in LGA among Aboriginal babies.
Management of postpartum haemorrhage in a patient with Klippel-Trènaunay syndrome; Klippel-Trènaunay syndrome is a rare congenital disorder characterised by vascular malformations, which may be exacerbated during pregnancy and pose considerable thromboembolic and haemorrhagic risk for obstetric patients. We report on a patient with this syndrome who underwent elective caesarean section which was indicated due to previous obstetric anal sphincter injury. We describe her multidisciplinary preoperative planning and successful management of major postpartum haemorrhage with uterine compression sutures and intrauterine balloon tamponade ('uterine sandwich').
Animal Foetal Models of Obesity and Diabetes – From Laboratory to Clinical Settings; The prenatal period, during which a fully formed newborn capable of surviving outside its mother’s body is built from a single cell, is critical for human development. It is also the time when the foetus is particularly vulnerable to environmental factors, which may modulate the course of its development. Both epidemiological and animal studies have shown that foetal programming of physiological systems may alter the growth and function of organs and lead to pathology in adulthood. Nutrition is a particularly important environmental factor for the pregnant mother as it affects the condition of offspring. Numerous studies have shown that an unbalanced maternal metabolic status (under- or overnutrition) may cause long-lasting physiological and behavioural alterations, resulting in metabolic disorders, such as obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Various diets are used in laboratory settings in order to induce maternal obesity and metabolic disorders, and to alter the offspring development. The most popular models are: high-fat, high-sugar, high-fat-high-sugar, and cafeteria diets. Maternal undernutrition models are also used, which results in metabolic problems in offspring. Similarly to animal data, human studies have shown the influence of mothers’ diets on the development of children. There is a strong link between the maternal diet and the birth weight, metabolic state, changes in the cardiovascular and central nervous system of the offspring. The mechanisms linking impaired foetal development and adult diseases remain under discussion. Epigenetic mechanisms are believed to play a major role in prenatal programming. Additionally, sexually dimorphic effects on offspring are observed. Therefore, further research on both sexes is necessary.
Inference of causal relationships based on the genetics of cardiometabolic traits and conditions unique to females in >50,000 participants; Background: Cardiometabolic diseases are highly comorbid and associated with poor health outcomes. However, the investigation of the relationship between the genetic predisposition to cardiometabolic diseases with the risk of conditions unique to females such as breast cancer, endometriosis and pregnancy-related complications is highly understudied. This study aimed to estimate the cross-trait genetic overlap and influence of genetic burden of cardiometabolic traits on health conditions unique to females. Methods: We obtained data for female participants in the Penn Medicine BioBank (PMBB; 21,837 samples) and the electronic MEdical Records and GEnomics (eMERGE; 49,171 samples) network. We examined the relationship between four cardiometabolic phenotypes (body mass index (BMI), coronary artery disease (CAD), type 2 diabetes (T2D) and hypertension (through blood pressure measurements)) and 23 female health conditions by performing four analyses: 1) Cross-trait genetic correlation analyses to compare genetic architecture. 2) Polygenic risk scores (PRS)-based association tests to characterize shared genetic effects on disease risk. 3) Mendelian randomization (MR) for significant associations to assess cross-trait causal relationships. 4) Chronology analyses to visualize the timeline of events unique to groups of females with high and low genetic burden for cardiometabolic traits and highlight the disease prevalence in risk groups by age. Results: We observed high genetic correlation among cardiometabolic and female health conditions. PRS meta-analysis identified 29 significant associations reflecting potential shared biology among common cardiometabolic phenotypes and female health conditions. Significant associations include PRSBMI with endometrial cancer and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), PRSCAD with breast cancer, and the PRST2D with gestational diabetes and PCOS. Mendelian randomization provided additional evidence of independent causal effects between T2D and gestational diabetes and CAD and with breast cancer. Our results reflected inverse association between PRSCAD and breast cancer. Lastly, as visualized from chronology analyses, individuals with high PRS are also more likely to develop conditions such as PCOS and gestational hypertension at earlier ages. Conclusions: Polygenic susceptibility to cardiometabolic traits is associated with conditions unique to females. Several of these associations are likely to result from the complex pathophysiology of cardiometabolic risk, and others may reflect potential pleiotropic effects that go beyond cardiometabolic health in females.
Failure of physiological transformation and spiral artery atherosis: their roles in preeclampsia; Physiological transformation with remodeling of the uteroplacental spiral arteries is key to a successful placentation and normal placental function. It is an intricate process that involves, but is not restricted to, complex interactions between maternal decidual immune cells and invasive trophoblasts in the uterine wall. In normal pregnancy, the smooth muscle cells of the arterial tunica media of uteroplacental spiral arteries are replaced by invading trophoblasts and fibrinoid, and the arterial diameter increases 5- to 10-fold. Poor remodeling of the uteroplacental spiral arteries is linked to early-onset preeclampsia and several other major obstetrical syndromes, including fetal growth restriction, placental abruption, and spontaneous preterm premature rupture of membranes. Extravillous endoglandular and endovenous trophoblast invasions have recently been put forth as potential contributors to these syndromes as well. The well-acknowledged disturbed extravillous invasion of maternal spiral arteries in preeclampsia is summarized, as are briefly novel concepts of disturbed extravillous endoglandular and endovenous trophoblast invasions. Acute atherosis is a foam cell lesion of the uteroplacental spiral arteries associated with poor remodeling. It shares some morphologic features with early stages of atherosclerosis, but several molecular differences between these lesions have also recently been revealed. Acute atherosis is most prevalent at the maternal-fetal interface, at the tip of the spiral arteries. The localization of acute atherosis downstream of poorly remodeled arteries suggests that alterations in blood flow may trigger inflammation and foam cell development. Acute atherosis within the decidua basalis is not, however, confined to unremodeled areas of spiral arteries or to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and may even be present in some clinically uneventful pregnancies. Given that foam cells of atherosclerotic lesions are known to arise from smooth muscle cells or macrophages activated by multiple types of inflammatory stimulation, we have proposed that multiple forms of decidual vascular inflammation may cause acute atherosis, with or without poor remodeling and/or preeclampsia. Furthermore, we propose that acute atherosis may develop at different gestational ages, depending on the type and degree of the inflammatory insult. This review summarizes the current knowledge of spiral artery remodeling defects and acute atherosis in preeclampsia. Some controversies will be presented, including endovascular and interstitial trophoblast invasion depths, the concept of 2-stage trophoblast invasion, and whether the replacement of maternal spiral artery endothelium by fetal endovascular trophoblasts is permanent. We will discuss the role of acute atherosis in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and short- and long-term health correlates. Finally, we suggest future opportunities for research on this intriguing uteroplacental interface between the mother and fetus.
Altered erythropoiesis in newborns with congenital heart disease; Background: Fetal hypoxia has been implicated in fetal growth restriction in congenital heart disease (CHD) and leads to stress erythropoiesis in utero. The objective is to assess erythropoiesis and its association with growth in newborns with CHD. Methods: Fetuses with prenatally diagnosed CHD from 2013 to 2018 were retrospectively reviewed. Pregnancies with multiple gestation, genetic abnormalities, major extra-cardiac anomalies, and placental abruption were excluded. Complete blood count tests at birth were compared to published normative values. Spearman correlation assessed associations of red blood cell (RBC) indices with birth anthropometrics and prenatal Doppler measures. Results: A total of 160 newborns were included. Median gestational age was 38.3 (37.3, 39.0) weeks. Infants ≥37 weeks gestation had lower hemoglobin (Hgb), hematocrit, and elevated nucleated RBC (nRBC), mean corpuscular volume, and mean corpuscular hemoglobin compared to reference. No differences in RBC indices were observed in infants <34 and 34–37 weeks gestation. There was no difference in Hgb and nRBC between CHD subgroups. Neither Hgb nor nRBC were associated with birth anthropometrics or Doppler patterns. Conclusions: Term infants with CHD demonstrated multiple alterations in erythrocyte indices suggesting ineffective stress erythropoiesis in late gestation resulting in lower Hgb at birth. Altered erythropoiesis was not correlated to growth or Doppler patterns. Impact: Newborns with congenital heart disease (CHD) born at term gestation demonstrated altered erythropoiesis.Term newborns with CHD have decreased hemoglobin levels despite having red blood cell indices consistent with stress erythropoiesis, suggesting an incomplete compensatory response to in utero physiologic disturbances associated with CHD.The etiology is unknown; however, it may be influenced by multiple risk factors during pregnancy in the maternal–fetal dyad.Alterations in red blood cell indices were not associated with outcomes of fetal growth.
Patent ductus arteriosus, tracheal ventilation, and the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia; Background: An increased risk for bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) exists when moderate-to-large patent ductus arteriosus shunts (hsPDA) persist beyond 14 days. Goal: To examine the interaction between prolonged exposures to tracheal ventilation (≥10 days) and hsPDA on the incidence of BPD in infants <28 weeks gestation. Study Design: Predefined definitions of prolonged ventilation (≥10 days), hsPDA (≥14 days), and BPD (room air challenge test at 36 weeks) were used to analyze deidentified data from the multicenter TRIOCAPI RCT in a secondary analysis of the trial. Results: Among 307 infants who survived >14 days, 41 died before 36 weeks. Among survivors, 93/266 had BPD. The association between BPD and hsPDA depended on the length of intubation. In multivariable analyses, prolonged hsPDA shunts were associated with increased BPD (odds ratio (OR) (95% confidence interval (CI)) = 3.00 (1.58–5.71)) when infants required intubation for ≥10 days. In contrast, there was no significant association between hsPDA exposure and BPD when infants were intubated <10 days (OR (95% CI) = 1.49 (0.98–2.26)). A similar relationship between prolonged hsPDA and length of intubation was found for BPD/death (n = 307): infants intubated ≥10 days: OR (95% CI) = 2.41 (1.47–3.95)); infants intubated <10 days: OR (95% CI) = 1.37 (0.86–2.19)). Conclusions: Moderate-to-large PDAs were associated with increased risks of BPD and BPD/death—but only when infants required intubation ≥10 days. Impact: Infants with a moderate-to-large hsPDA that persist beyond 14 days are only at risk for developing BPD if they also receive prolonged tracheal ventilation for ≥10 days.Infants who receive less ventilatory support (intubation for <10 days) have the same incidence of BPD whether the ductus closes shortly after birth or whether it persists as a moderate-to-large shunt for several weeks.Early PDA closure may be unnecessary in infants who require short durations of intubation since the PDA does not seem to alter the incidence of BPD in infants who require intubation for <10 days.
Novel treatments for autism spectrum disorder based on genomics and systems biology; Background: Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a highly heterogeneous neurodevelopmental disorder with a complex underlying genetic architecture. There are currently no known pharmacologic treatments for the core ASD symptoms of social deficits and restricted/ repetitive behavior. However, there are dozens of clinical trials currently underway that are testing the impact of novel and existing agents on core and associated symptoms in ASD. Methods: We present a narrative synthesis of the historical and contemporary challenges to drug discovery in ASD. We then provide an overview of novel treatments currently under investigation from a genomics and systems biology perspective. Results: Data driven network and cluster analyses suggest alterations in transcriptional regulation, chromatin remodelling, synaptic transmission, neuropeptide signalling, and/or immunological mechanisms may contribute to or underlie the development of ASD. Agents and upcoming trials targeting each of the above listed systems are reviewed. Conclusion: Identifying effective pharmacologic treatments for the core and associated symptom domains in ASD will require further collaboration and innovation in the areas of outcome measurement, biomarker research, and genomics, as well as systematic efforts to identify and treat subgroups of individuals with ASD who may be differentially responsive to specific treatments.
Differences in biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between normal pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes; Aims: The aim of this study was to compare biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and pregnancies complicated by maternal pre-gestational and gestational diabetes and to correlate these findings with fetal echocardiography parameters of cardiac function. Material and methods: Fetal echocardiographic assessment was performed longitudinally on 78 fetuses in the normal cohort and 32 in the diabetic cohort by measuring tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion, mitral annular plane systolic excursion, myocardial performance index, interventricular septum (IVS) thickness and left fractional shortening between July 2015 and December 2017. Cord blood samples were obtained at birth and levels of troponin I (TnI), B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and the amnio terminal segment of its prohormone measured. Results: Women with diabetes had significantly higher median body mass index and mean z-scores for BNP. Significant associations were observed between maternal diabetes and obesity and cord-blood BNP z-scores. The effect of diabetes on TnI levels were similar, with mean values higher in women with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancies; however, this difference did not reach statistical significance. These biomarker findings correlated with an increased IVS thickness in the diabetic group. No difference was demonstrated in the other cardiac function parameters measured. Conclusion: Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic and obese mothers and correlated with increased IVS thickness.
Pregnancy outcome in women with transfused beta-thalassemia in France; Because of chronic anemia, hypogonadotropic hypogonadism, and iron chelation, pregnancy in homozygous and heterozygous compound beta-thalassemia patients stays a challenge. Pregnancies of transfused beta-thalassemia women registered in the French National Registry, conducted between 1995 and 2015, are described. These pregnancies were compared with pregnancies in healthy women and to data previously published in the literature. Fifty-six pregnancies of 37 women were studied. There were 5 twin pregnancies. Assisted reproductive technologies (ART) were used in 9 pregnancies. Median term at delivery was 39 amenorrhea weeks, and median weight at birth was 2780 g. Cesarean section was performed in 53.6% of the pregnancies. There were 6 thromboembolic events, 6 serious infections, 6 pregnancy-induced hypertensions (PIH), 6 intrauterine growth retardations (IUGR), 5 severe hemorrhages, 4 gestational diabetes, 3 alloimmunizations, 2 heart diseases, and 1 pre-eclampsia. There were 5 infections and 4 osteoporosis in the first year of post-partum. ART and cesarean sections were more often used in the beta-thalassemia group, compared to control subjects. Thromboembolic events, PIH, hemorrhage at delivery, and IUGR were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Time to delivery was not different, but infant weight at birth was significantly smaller in the beta-thalassemia group. In the post-partum period, global maternal complications were more frequent in the beta-thalassemia group. Pregnancy in transfused beta-thalassemia women is safe with rare obstetrical and fetal complications. Cesarean section remains often chosen, and infant weight at birth remains smaller than that in the general population, despite delivery at full term.
Extra-cardiac diagnoses and postnatal outcomes of fetal tetralogy of fallot; Objective: Past studies of fetal tetralogy of fallot (ToF) have reported extra-cardiac anomalies (ECAs) in 17%–45%, genetic syndromes in as low as 20% and poor postnatal outcomes. This study sought to examine these factors in a contemporary cohort. Methods: A retrospective review examining 83 fetuses with ToF diagnosed 2012–2019. Referral indication, ToF subtype, additional cardiac, extra-cardiac and genetic diagnoses, pregnancy outcomes and survival were documented. Results: The mean gestational age at diagnosis was 23 ± 4 weeks. Of 94% (78/83) with genetic testing (GT), 30% (23/78, 95%CI 21%–40%) had genetic anomalies (GA), including Trisomy 21 (39%, 9/23), 22q11 deletion (35%, 8/23), Trisomy 13 or 18 (17%, 4/23) and 9% (2/23) others. A further 4% (3/78) had VACTERL association. Forty–one percent (34/83, 95%CI 31%–52%) had ≥1 major ECA of whom 41% (14/34) also had a genetic anomaly. Outcomes: 22% (18/83) pregnancy termination, 5% (4/83) intrauterine death and 72% (60/83) live birth. Of live births, 3% (2/60) experienced neonatal death, 7% late death (4/60) and 90% (54/60) were alive at last follow-up (mean age 3.5 ± 2.4 years). Conclusion: In a cohort of fetuses with ToF and high rates of GT, compared to previous reports, GA were more common and there were similar rates of ECAs.
Evaluation of a Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening Clinic: An Analysis of Interpregnancy and Subsequent Pregnancy Outcomes; Objective: At the Maternal Health Clinic (MHC), women with certain pregnancy complications are seen for appointments focusing on lifestyle modification and future pregnancy counselling. This study's objective is to determine whether women who attended the MHC following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) have improved interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes, compared with non-attendees. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted including all pregnancies ≥20 weeks gestation at Kingston Health Sciences Centre (KHSC) from April 2010 to Dec 2019. Women with ≥2 deliveries were eligible for inclusion, with 2 pregnancies per woman included. These criteria identified 178 patients who attended the MHC and 133 who did not. Continuous variables with normal distribution were assessed with independent sample t tests. Continuous variables without normal distribution and ordinal variables were assessed with Mann–Whitney U tests. Categorical variables were assessed with Pearson's χ2 tests. Preterm delivery, HDP and GDM recurrence, HDP and GDM progression, and change in first-trimester blood pressure and pre-pregnancy weight were examined using multivariate regression modelling. Probability values <0.05 determined significance. Results: MHC attendance was associated with improvements in interpregnancy weight reduction (P = 0.002), fewer interpregnancy type II diabetes diagnoses (P < 0.001), and a later gestational age at delivery (P < 0.001). There were no differences in subsequent pregnancy complication recurrence rates of GDM (P = 0.731) or an HDP (P = 0.139) between cohorts. Conclusion: In our examination of MHC outcomes, we found improvements in certain interpregnancy and subsequent pregnancy outcomes. These results support the continued development and funding of these clinics.
The Diagnostic Yield of Fetal Echocardiography Indications in the Current Era; Background: The aim of this study was to examine the diagnostic yield of current fetal echocardiography (FE) indications representing a recent era. Methods: FE reports of all pregnancies referred to two provincial FE programs from 2009 to 2018 were examined, identifying the indication for FE (14 categories), gestational age at referral, and whether there was no fetal heart disease (FHD), mild or possible FHD (e.g., simple ventricular septal defect, possible coarctation), or moderate or severe FHD. Results: Over the study period, there were 19,310 unique FE referrals in Alberta (23.3 ± 5.4 weeks’ gestation), including 1,907 (9.9%) with moderate or severe and 654 (3.4%) with mild or possible FHD. The most common referral indications included extracardiac pathology or markers (29.7%), maternal diabetes (18.3%), suspected FHD (17.7%), and family history of heart defects (17.7%). The highest yield for moderate or severe FHD was suspected FHD (41.1%; 95% CI, 39.4%–42.7%), followed by suspected or confirmed genetic disorder (15.4%; 95% CI, 12.6%–18.2%), twins or multiples (10.6%; 95% CI, 8.7%–12.5%), oligohydramnios (8.0%; 95% CI, 4.1%–11.9%), extracardiac pathology or markers (6.4%; 95% CI, 5.8%–7.1%), and heart not well seen (5.8%; 95% CI, 4.0%–7.6%). Lowest yields were observed for maternal diabetes (2.2%; 95% CI, 1.7%–2.7%) and family history of heart defects (1.7%; 95% CI, 1.3%–2.2%). Excluding suspected FHD, with two or more FE indications, all other indications demonstrated significant increases in yield of mild or possible (3.5% vs 1.9%, P <.001) and moderate or severe (7.2% vs 2.9%, P <.001) FHD. Conclusions: Suspected FHD provides the highest diagnostic yield of moderate or severe FHD. In contrast, maternal diabetes and family history of heart defects, among the most common referral indications, had diagnostic yields approaching general population risks. Even in the absence of suspected FHD, having two or more referral indications importantly increases the diagnostic yield of all other FE indications.
Effect of Elevated Ambient Temperature on Maternal, Foetal, and Neonatal Outcomes: A Scoping Review; This scoping review provides an overview of the published literature, identifies research gaps, and summarises the current evidence of the association between elevated ambient temperature exposure during pregnancy and adverse maternal, foetal, and neonatal outcomes. Following the PRISMA extension for scoping reviews reporting guidelines, a systematic search was conducted on CINAHL, PubMed, and Embase and included original articles published in the English language from 2015 to 2020 with no geographical limitations. A total of seventy-five studies were included, conducted across twenty-four countries, with a majority in the USA (n = 23) and China (n = 13). Study designs, temperature metrics, and exposure windows varied considerably across studies. Of the eighteenheat-associated adverse maternal, foetal, and neonatal outcomes identified, pre-term birth was the most common outcome (n = 30), followed by low birth weight (n = 11), stillbirth (n = 9), and gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 8). Overall, papers reported an increased risk with elevated temperature exposures. Less attention has been paid to relationships between heat and the diverse range of other adverse outcomes such as congenital anomalies and neonatal mortality. Further research on these less-reported outcomes is needed to improve understanding and the effect size of these relationships with elevated temperatures, which we know will be exacerbated by climate change.
Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: Diagnostic and Prognostic Value of Cardiac Magnetic Resonance in the Acute Stage; This study aimed to evaluate the diagnostic and prognostic value of cardiac magnetic resonance in acute peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). A total of 17 patients with PPCM in the acute stage and 15 healthy controls were retrospectively analyzed regarding myocardial function, edema, late gadolinium enhancement (LGE), and T1 and T2 mappings (T1, T2). Echocardiographic follow-ups were performed. Functional recovery was defined as a left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) of ≥50%. Patients with PPCM displayed biventricular dysfunction with reduced myocardial strain parameters and left ventricular and atrial dilatation, as well as diffuse myocardial edema (T2 signal intensity ratio: 2.10 ± 0.34 vs. 1.58 ± 0.21, p < 0.001; T1: 1070 ± 51 ms vs. 980 ± 28 ms, p = 0.001; T2: 63 ± 5 ms vs. 53 ± 2 ms, p < 0.001). Visual myocardial edema was present in 10 patients (59%). LGE was positive in 2 patients (12%). A total of 13 patients (76%) showed full LVEF recovery. The absence of visual myocardial edema and impairment of strain parameters were associated with delayed LVEF recovery. Multivariable Cox regression analysis revealed global longitudinal strain as an independent prognostic factor for LVEF recovery. In conclusion, biventricular systolic dysfunction with diffuse myocardial edema seems to be present in acute PPCM. Myocardial edema and strain may have prognostic value for LVEF recovery.
Mechanisms Underlying the Expansion and Functional Maturation of β-Cells in Newborns: Impact of the Nutritional Environment; The functional maturation of insulin-secreting β-cells is initiated before birth and is completed in early postnatal life. This process has a critical impact on the acquisition of an adequate functional β-cell mass and on the capacity to meet and adapt to insulin needs later in life. Many cellular pathways playing a role in postnatal β-cell development have already been identified. However, single-cell transcriptomic and proteomic analyses continue to reveal new players contributing to the acquisition of β-cell identity. In this review, we provide an updated picture of the mechanisms governing postnatal β-cell mass expansion and the transition of insulin-secreting cells from an immature to a mature state. We then highlight the contribution of the environment to β-cell maturation and discuss the adverse impact of an in utero and neonatal environment characterized by calorie and fat overload or by protein deficiency and undernutrition. Inappropriate nutrition early in life constitutes a risk factor for developing diabetes in adulthood and can affect the β-cells of the offspring over two generations. A better understanding of these events occurring in the neonatal period will help developing better strategies to produce functional β-cells and to design novel therapeutic approaches for the prevention and treatment of diabetes.
Optimising Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy: A Review of Risk Prediction Models Targeting Gestational Diabetes and Hypertensive Disorders; Cardiovascular disease, especially coronary heart disease and cerebrovascular disease, is a leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women globally. The development of cardiometabolic conditions in pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of preg-nancy, portend an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease in women. Pregnancy therefore represents a unique opportunity to detect and manage risk factors, prior to the development of cardiovascular sequelae. Risk prediction models for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy can help identify at-risk women in early pregnancy, allowing timely intervention to mitigate both short-and long-term adverse outcomes. In this narrative review, we outline the shared pathophysiological pathways for gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, summarise contemporary risk prediction models and candidate predictors for these conditions, and discuss the utility of these models in clinical application.
The impact of short-term hyperglycemia and obesity on biventricular and biatrial myocardial function assessed by speckle tracking echocardiography in a population of women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: To compare biventricular and biatrial myocardial strain indices assessed by two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at the third trimester of pregnancy and in post-partum. Methods and results: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 age-, ethnicity- and gestational week-matched controls without any comorbidity were examined in this prospective case–control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests and transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) implemented with 2D-STE analysis of all cardiac chambers at 36–38 weeks’ gestation. TTE and 2D-STE were repeated at 6–10 weeks after delivery. At 36–38 weeks’ gestation, GDM women, compared to controls, had significantly higher body mass index (BMI), blood pressure values and inflammatory markers. TTE showed increased left ventricular (LV) mass and impaired LV diastolic function in GDM women, whereas there was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction. 2D-STE revealed that biventricular global longitudinal strain (GLS) and biatrial reservoir strain indices were significantly lower in GDM women than controls. Third trimester BMI was inversely correlated with LV-GLS (r = −0.86) and was independently associated with reduced LV-GLS (less negative than −20%) in GDM women in post-partum (OR 1.81, 95%CI 1.14–2.89). A BMI value ≥ 30 kg/m2 had 100% sensitivity and 99.5% specificity for identifying GDM women with impaired LV-GLS in post-partum (AUC = 0.97). Conclusion: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have significantly lower biventricular and biatrial myocardial deformation indices. These abnormalities may be persistent in post-partum in GDM women with obesity.
Application of the international classification of diseases-perinatal mortality (ICD-PM) system to stillbirths: A single center experience in a middle income country; Objective: The present study is intended to investigate the causes of stillbirth and its relationship with maternal conditions using the International Classification of Diseases-Perinatal Mortality (ICD-PM) system. Material and methods: All early and late fetal deaths between 2015 and 2020 were analyzed. Time of death, fetal causes, and the maternal conditions involved were identified using the ICD-PM classification system. Results: During the study period, out of 74,102 births a total of 475 stillbirths were recorded (6.4 per 1000 births), of which 83.6% of the cases were antepartum and 11.8% were intrapartum fetal deaths, and the time of death could not be determined in 4.6% of the cases. Fetal developmental disorder was the most common cause of antepartum fetal death (24.2%). Intrapartum deaths were mostly due to extremely low birth weight (44.6%). The most common maternal conditions involved were complications of placenta, cord, and membranes (19.8%). Conclusion: The applicability of the ICD-PM classification system for stillbirths is easy. It was observed that fetal deaths mostly occurred in the antepartum period and the cause of death could not be identified in over half of these antepartum fetal deaths. In over half of the stillbirths, there is at least one maternal condition involved. The most common maternal conditions involved are complications of placenta, cord, and membranes. The most common maternal medical problem is hypertensive diseases of pregnancy.
Prognostic indicators of persistent carotid intima-media thickness increase in postpartum period in a population of normotensive women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and common carotid artery (CCA)-intima media thickness (IMT) is still controversial. In the present study, we aimed to compare the CCA-IMT measured in GDM women to that obtained in healthy pregnant women in the third trimester of pregnancy. Secondly, we investigated the main independent predictors of persistent CCA-IMT increase (defined as CCA-IMT ≥ 0.6 mm) in postpartum period in GDM women. Study design: 30 consecutive GDM women and 30 healthy pregnant women matched for anagraphic age (34.1 ± 4.5 vs 32.8 ± 4.2 yrs, p = 0.25), ethnicity (caucasian 56.7 vs 63.3%, p = 0.59), gestational age (36.2 ± 1.7 vs 36.5 ± 1.6 weeks, p = 0.48) and cardiovascular risk factors were examined in this prospective case-control study. All women underwent obstetric visit, blood tests, conventional transthoracic echocardiography implemented with two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography analysis of left ventricular and left atrial myocardial strain parameters and carotid ultrasound examination at two time points: 36–38 weeks’ gestation and 6–10 weeks after delivery. Results: At 36.2 ± 1.7 weeks of gestation, CCA-IMT was significantly increased in GDM women than controls (0.81 ± 0.11 vs 0.55 ± 0.12, p < 0.001). Twelve GDM women (40% of the total) were found with persistent CCA-IMT increase (0.76 ± 0.14 mm) in postpartum period (8.2 ± 2.2 weeks), whereas the remaining 18 (60% of the total) showed a normalization in CCA-IMT (0.56 ± 0.1 mm). At multivariate logistic regression analysis, third trimester body mass index (BMI) (OR 1.78, 95%CI 1.24–2.54, p = 0.01), glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) (OR 1.51, 95%CI 1.13–1.89, p = 0.03) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) (OR 1.68, 95%CI 1.25–4.65, p = 0.02) resulted to be independently associated with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period in GDM women. A BMI ≥ 29.2 Kg/m2, an HbA1C ≥ 37.5 mmol/mol and a NLR ≥ 5.5 were the best cut-off values for identifying GDM women with persistent CCA-IMT increase in postpartum period. Conclusions: GDM is associated with increased CCA-IMT during pregnancy. This increase may be persistent in postpartum period in GDM women with obesity, uncontrolled diabetes and increased inflammatory markers.
Impact of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy on the Risk of Stroke Stratified by Subtypes and Follow-Up Time; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) comprise 4 subtypes. Previous studies have not investigated the relationship between stroke risk, different HDP subtypes, and follow-up time, which was the purpose of this study. METHODS: Data of 17 588 women aged 18 to 45 years who had a history of HDP in Taiwan from 2000 to 2017 was retrospectively reviewed. After matching with confounders, 13 617 HDP women and 54 468 non-HDP women were recruited. RESULTS: HDP women had an adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) of 1.71 (95% CI, 1.46−2.00) for stroke, and 1.60 (1.35−1.89) and 2.98 (2.13−4.18) for ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, respectively (P<0.001 for all). The overall stroke risk in the HDP group was still 2.04 times 10 to 15 years after childbirth (1.47−2.83, P<0.001). Although the risks of both ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke persisted, their risk time trends were different. The risk of ischemic stroke reached peak during 1 to 3 years after childbirth with an aHR of 2.14 (1.36'3.38), while hemorrhagic stroke risk gradually increased and had an aHR of 4.64 (2.47−8.73) after 10 to 15 years of childbirth (both P<0.001). Among the 4 HDP subtypes, chronic hypertension with superimposed preeclampsia had the highest stroke risk (aHR=3.86, 1.91−7.82, P<0.001), followed by preeclampsia'eclampsia (aHR=2.00, 1.63−2.45, P<0.001), and gestational hypertension (aHR=1.68, 1.13−2.52, P<0.05); chronic preexisting hypertension had the lowest stroke risk (aHR=1.27, 0.97−1.68, P>0.05). Furthermore, multiple HDP combined with preeclampsia had aHR of 5.48 (1.14−26.42, P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: The effect of HDP on the risk of future stroke persisted for up to 17 years, both for ischemic and hemorrhagic strokes. The presence of multiple HDP and preeclampsia further increase the stroke risk.
Comparison of sequential versus pre mixed administration of intrathecal fentanyl with hyperbaric bupivacaine for patients undergoing elective Caesarean section at Zewditu memorial referral hospital: A prospective cohort study; Background: Spinal anesthesia (SA) is the method of choice for surgery below umbilicus like elective cesarean section. However, Spinal anesthesia is associated with hypotension and limited analgesia duration. To minimize those complications adding opioids like fentanyl either sequentially with separate syringe or pre mixed with local anesthetics become common practice. Objective: To compare the hemodynamic and analgesic effect of sequential versus pre mixed injection of intrathecal fentanyl with hyperbaric bupivacaine for patients who underwent elective CS under Spinal anesthesia. Method: A prospective cohort study was performed on parturient who undergone elective cesarean section from 01 January 2020 to 30 March 2020. The decision to give either sequential or premixed drug was based on the responsible anesthetists. Sixty-six American society of Anesthesiologist Ⅱ age ≥18 was recruited. Those who received sequentially were grouped as (S- group) and those who had received pre mixed technique were grouped as (M-group). Data were entered into Epi Info version 7.0 and transported into SPSS Version 22 for analysis. Based on normality assumption, analysis was done by independent t-test for normally distributed data. Whereas Mann –Whitney U test for non-normally distributed data and x2 (Chi-square) test for categorical variable. P-value <0.05 was considered as statistically significant. Result: Significant reduction in intra operative mean arterial blood pressure was seen in premixed group compared to Sequential group until 15th minute immediately after spinal anesthesia. Thus, the incidence of hypotension was higher in M − group compared to S- group, (p < 0.05). The median Postoperative pain VAS score was significantly lower in the S - group compared to M − group of 4th, 5th and 6th hr. The mean time for 1st rescue analgesic request time was prolonged in the S - group compared to M − group (287.909 ± 15.255 vs. 261.39 ± 25.378) min respectively (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The Sequential intrathecal injection of fentanyl and hyperbaric bupivacaine provided significant improvement in the blood pressure stability and of sensory and motor block compared to premixed groups.
Cardiometabolic outcomes of women exposed to hyperglycaemia first detected in pregnancy at 3-6 years post-partum in an urban South African setting; Background Hyperglycaemia first detected during pregnancy(HFDP) has far-reaching maternal consequences beyond the pregnancy. Our study evaluated the cardiometabolic outcomes in women with prior HFDP versus women without HFDP 3–6 years post-partum in urban South Africa. Design and methods A prospective cohort study was performed of 103 black African women with prior HFDP and 101 without HFDP, 3–6 years post-partum at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital, Soweto. Index pregnancy data was obtained from medical records. Post-partum, participants were re-evaluated for anthropometric measurements, body composition utilizing dual energy X-ray absorptiometry(DXA) and biochemical analysis (two-hour 75gm OGTT fasting insulin, lipids, creatinine levels and glucose levels). Cardiovascular risk was assessed by Framingham risk score(FRS). Carotid intima media thickness(cIMT) was used as a surrogate marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Factors associated with progression to cardiometabolic outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic and linear regression models. Results Forty-six(45.1%) HFDP women progressed to diabetes compared to 5(4.9%) in non HFDP group(p<0.001); only 20(43.4%) were aware of their diabetic status in the whole group. The odds(OR, 95% confidence interval(CI)) of progressing to type 2 diabetes(T2DM) and metabolic syndrome(MetS) after correcting for confounders in the HFDP group was 10.5(95% CI 3.7–29.5) and 6.3(95%CI 2.2–18.1), respectively. All visceral fat indices were found to be significantly higher in the HFDP group after adjusting for baseline body mass index. Ten-year estimated cardiovascular risk(FRS) and mean cIMT was statistically higher in the HFDP group(8.46 IQR 4.9–14.4; 0.48 mm IQR 0.44–0.53 respectively) compared to the non-HFDP group(3.48 IQR 2.1–5.7; 0.46mm IQR 0.42–0.50) respectively and this remained significant for FRS but was attenuated for cIMT after correcting for confounders. HIV did not play a role in progression to any of these outcomes. Conclusion Women with a history of HFDP have a higher risk of cardiometabolic conditions within 6 years post-partum in an urban sub-Saharan African setting.
The etiology of preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is one of the “great obstetrical syndromes” in which multiple and sometimes overlapping pathologic processes activate a common pathway consisting of endothelial cell activation, intravascular inflammation, and syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article reviews the potential etiologies of preeclampsia. The role of uteroplacental ischemia is well-established on the basis of a solid body of clinical and experimental evidence. A causal role for microorganisms has gained recognition through the realization that periodontal disease and maternal gut dysbiosis are linked to atherosclerosis, thus possibly to a subset of patients with preeclampsia. The recent reports indicating that SARS-CoV-2 infection might be causally linked to preeclampsia are reviewed along with the potential mechanisms involved. Particular etiologic factors, such as the breakdown of maternal-fetal immune tolerance (thought to account for the excess of preeclampsia in primipaternity and egg donation), may operate, in part, through uteroplacental ischemia, whereas other factors such as placental aging may operate largely through syncytiotrophoblast stress. This article also examines the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with preeclampsia. The role of autoimmunity, fetal diseases, and endocrine disorders is discussed. A greater understanding of the etiologic factors of preeclampsia is essential to improve treatment and prevention.
Pregnancy after 40: Recommendations for Counseling, Evaluation, and Management from Preconception to Delivery; Importance Pregnant patients over age 40 often have unique risk factors and potential complications before and during pregnancy that play a role in their counseling and management. Objective To provide practitioners an overview on how to approach preconception evaluation and counseling, prenatal care, and management of associated comorbidities, as well as potential complications, in pregnant patients over age 40. Evidence Acquisition Literature review was performed using OVID and PubMed, with further relevant information queried from guidelines of professional organizations. Results Pregnant patients over age 40 should receive preconception evaluations by their obstetrician-gynecologist and other appropriate specialty care providers as they pertain to preexisting medical comorbidities. In the preconception period, attention should be given to managing and optimizing preexisting medical conditions and associated pharmacotherapeutics. Referral to specialists in assisted reproductive technologies or maternal-fetal medicine should be considered if indicated for appropriate evaluation and counseling. During pregnancy, accurate dating and counseling on aneuploidy screening, with consideration for early diabetes screening, should be performed in the first trimester. A detailed anatomy scan and fetal echocardiogram should be completed by 22 weeks' gestation, along with routine and high-risk (if indicated) prenatal care. Close attention should be given to the development of pregnancy-related complications associated with advancing age. Third-trimester fetal surveillance can be considered. Given that no contraindications exist, these patients should be encouraged to pursue a vaginal delivery with consideration for induction at 39 to 40 weeks' gestation. Conclusion Pregnancy rates are increasing in persons over age 40. As a result, preconception evaluation and counseling tailored to that demographic are essential. In addition to standard prenatal care, they should have early screening and diligent monitoring for pregnancy-related comorbidities associated with advancing age. Relevance With the increased pregnancy-associated comorbidities in patients over age 40, providers should be familiar with how to evaluate, counsel, and manage them during the preconception and pregnancy periods. Target Audience All obstetrical care providers Learning Objectives After participating in this activity, the provider should be better able to explain the benefits of preconception counseling and workup for patients over age 40 desiring pregnancy; identify the impact of chronic medical conditions on pregnancy; and describe antenatal management by trimester for this patient population.
Prediction of intrauterine inflammation in patients with preterm premature rupture of membranes at 28 to 34 weeks of gestation; Background: To analyze the influence of white blood cells (WBC), serum C-reactive protein (CRP), procalcitonin (PCT), and other risk factors on the prognosis of patients with preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM) from 28 to 34 weeks of gestation. Methods: We performed a retrospective study of 425 patients with PPROM from 28 to 34 weeks of gestation who delivered infants at Shandong Provincial Hospitals between January 1, 2013 and December 31, 2019. Risk factors for puerperal infection were analyzed using a logistic regression model. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was constructed, and the area under the curve (AUC) was estimated. Results: Of the 425 patients (mean ± SD age, 34.69 ± 5.55 years), 104 (24.47%) had chorioamnionitis. The CRP level (odds ratio [OR], 1.009 95% Confidence Interval (CI), 1.003–1.014 P = 0.002), WBC count (OR, 1.170 95% CI, 1.092–1.254 P < 0.001) and gestational age (OR, 0.772 95% CI, 0.648–0.921 P = 0.004) were risk factors of chorioamnionitis. Patients who did not undergo previous cesarean section had twice the risk of developing chorionic inflammation (P = 0.022). The cut-off value of CRP level for prediction of chorioamnionitis was 19.69 mg/L with a sensitivity of 65.4%, a specificity of 75.7%, a positive predictive value (PPV) of 46.58%, and a negative predictive value (NPV) of 90.24%. The cut-off value of WBC count was 12.99 × 109/L with a sensitivity of 62.4%, a specificity of 65.8%, a PPV of 36.65%, and an NPV of 84.61%. The cut-off value of PCT level was 0.054 ng/mL with a sensitivity of 81.0%, a specificity of 75.7%, a PPV of 32.08%, and an NPV of 90.67%. The AUC for CRP was 0.731. Conclusions: Study results suggested that CRP level (<19.69 mg/L), WBC count (<12.99 × 109/L) and PCT level (<0.054 ng/mL) had good NPVs for chorioamnionitis, whereas their PPVs were low. The CRP level was found to have the most accurate prediction of chorioamnionitis among patients with PPROM from 28 to 34 weeks of gestation.
Health Care-Related Economic Burden of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome in the United States: Pregnancy-Related and Long-Term Health Consequences; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women, affecting approximately 5% to 20% of women of reproductive age. The economic burden of PCOS was previously estimated at approximately $3.7 billion annually in 2020 USD when considering only the costs of the initial diagnosis and of reproductive endocrine morbidities, without considering the costs of pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities. Objective: This study aimed to estimate the excess prevalence and economic burden of pregnancy-related and long-term health morbidities attributable to PCOS. Methods: PubMed, EmBase, and Cochrane Library were searched, and studies were selected in which the diagnosis of PCOS was consistent with the Rotterdam, National Institutes of Health, or Androgen Excess and PCOS Society criteria, or that used electronic medical record diagnosis codes, or diagnosis based on histopathologic sampling. Studies that included an outcome of interest and a control group of non-PCOS patients who were matched or controlled for body mass index were included. Two investigators working independently extracted data on study characteristics and outcomes. Data were pooled using random effects meta-analysis. The I2 statistic was used to assess inter-study heterogeneity. The quality of selected studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results: The additional total healthcare-related economic burden of PCOS due to pregnancy-related and long-term morbidities in the United States is estimated to be $4.3 billion annually in 2020 USD. Conclusion: Together with our prior analysis, the economic burden of PCOS is estimated at $8 billion annually in 2020 USD.
COVID-19 infection in pregnancy: A single-center experience in Rize in the Eastern Black Sea Region; Aim: In this study, it was aimed to share the clinical experiences of mothers and their babies (perinatal, natal) who encountered severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) during pregnancy. Material and Methods: The study was carried out retrospectively, 62 pregnant individuals were diagnosed with the 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19). Demographic characteristics, clinical course, laboratory and radiological findings and clinical results of the baby were evaluated by examining electronic and file records. Results: The average age of the 62 pregnant women included in the study was 29.8±4.7 (19-42) years, and the average gestational week at the time of admission was 28.5±10.4 (5-40) weeks. More than half of the patients (80,6%) on admission were in their third trimester. The most common initial symptoms were cough (45.2%), myalgia (43.5%),) fever (21%). In total, 15 of the pregnant women had evidence of COVID-19 pneumonia in lung involvement. The PCR test results of all pregnant women were positive. There were three cases admitted to the intensive care unit, one of whom was due to gestational diabetes. No maternal mortality was recorded. One gestation ended in a miscarriage and two women gave birth prematurely. One stillbirth occurred at the 33h week of gestation. Among 22 neonates, two were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. Neonatal mortality, congenital malformation, and mother-to-child transmission were not observed in newborns. Discussion: The results of our study suggest that the clinical course of COVID-19 infection in pregnant women was mostly asymptomatic/mild.
Preterm birth and cardiac function in adulthood; Preterm birth affects 1 in 10 pregnancies worldwide, with increasing survival rates over the last 30 years. However, as this new generation of long-term survivors approaches middle age, recent studies have revealed increased cardiovascular risk factors and higher rates of ischaemic heart disease and heart failure. Cardiovascular imaging has identified smaller cardiac chamber size, changes in myocardial mass and impaired ventricular function, particularly under physiological stress. Accordingly, this population should be recognised as having a higher risk of heart failure as they age. In this review, we present current evidence for increased rates of heart failure and evidence of alterations in cardiac structure and function in those born preterm. We discuss potential mechanisms to explain this risk including greater frequency of co-morbidities known to be associated with heart failure. We also explore potential mechanistic links specific to the preterm-born population, including the impact of premature birth on myocardial and vascular development and the effects of perinatal haemodynamic changes and chronic lung disease on the developing heart. We highlight gaps in our knowledge and consider implications for patient management relevant to the adult physician.
Serial echocardiography assessment and clinical outcomes among pregnant women with Tetralogy of Fallot; Following advancements in intracardiac repair of Tetralogy of Fallot (TOF), a greater proportion of patients survive well beyond child-bearing age. Pulmonary regurgitation (PR) and subsequent progressive right ventricular dilatation occur frequently as an intrinsic complication of surgical repair of TOF. High-output states such as pregnancy may exacerbate these late complications. The advocation of pre-pregnancy pulmonary valve replacement to mitigate pregnancy-related cardiac burden has remained controversial. This study aims to delineate the outcomes of pregnancy among women with repaired TOF. 105 pregnant episodes among were identified from a cohort of 240 adult female patients with TOF between 1990 to 2021. Patients with echocardiographic studies performed within 1 year prior to and following delivery were included for cardiac functional analysis. A paired sample t-test was performed to compare echocardiographic parameters between pre-delivery and post-delivery periods. Linear regression was used to identify changes to identify significant changes in echocardiographic parameters among patients with a baseline of severe PR. Within all pregnant episodes (n = 105), 65 successful pregnancies, 16 spontaneous miscarriages, 21 termination of pregnancies and 3 ectopic pregnancies were recorded. The mean maternal age was 28.9 (±6.7) years with deliveries at 37.86 (30-41) gestational weeks. Cardiovascular events occurred in 19 pregnancies with 4 patients having gestational hypertension, 4 patients with pre-eclampsia toxemia, 7 patients with heart failure symptoms and 4 patients with arrhythmias. Other complications included 4 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, 3 patients with impaired glucose tolerance, 2 patients with anemia, 3 patients with maternal thyroid disease and 1 patients with proteinuria. Echocardiographic studies demonstrated significant changes in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) (Pre-delivery = 60.69 ±8.73; post-delivery = 59.39 ±9.36) (P = 0.007), left ventricular end diastolic volume (LVEDV) (Pre-delivery: 89.71mL ±18.22mL; Post-delivery: 80.96mL ±12.32mL; P = 0.007), left end systolic volume (LVESV) (Pre-delivery: 35.43 ±12.36; Post-delivery: 32.70 ± 8.83; P = 3.7x10-5) and right ventricular index of myocardial performance score (Pre-delivery: 0.34 ±0.12; Post-delivery: 0.33 ±0.12; P = 0.007). Patients with severe PR was found to have significantly worse right ventricular global longitudinal strain (RV GLS) (P = 0.029). 2 patients progressed to severe PR following delivery. Adult female patients with TOF can have viable pregnancies with acceptable mortality and morbidity. Deterioration in echocardiographic parameters were identified when comparing between pre-delivery and post-delivery studies. TOF patients should be closely monitored throughout and post-delivery for detection of deterioration of cardiac function and clinical symptoms.
Sleep Duration/Quality With Health Outcomes: An Umbrella Review of Meta-Analyses of Prospective Studies; Background: To quantitatively evaluate the evidence of duration and quality of sleep as measured by multiple health outcomes. Methods: This review is registered with PROSPERO, number CRD42021235587. We systematically searched three databases from inception until November 15, 2020. For each meta-analysis, the summary effect size using fixed and random effects models, the 95% confidence interval, and the 95% prediction interval were assessed; heterogeneity, evidence of small-study effects, and excess significance bias were also estimated. According to the above metrics, we evaluated the credibility of each association. Results: A total of 85 meta-analyses with 36 health outcomes were included in the study. We observed highly suggestive evidence for an association between long sleep and an increased risk of all-cause mortality. Moreover, suggestive evidence supported the associations between long sleep and 5 increased risk of health outcomes (stroke, dyslipidaemia, mortality of coronary heart disease, stroke mortality, and the development or death of stroke); short sleep and increased risk of overweight and/or obesity; poor sleep quality and increased risk of diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: Only the evidence of the association of long sleep with an increased risk of all-cause mortality was graded as highly suggestive. Additional studies are needed to be conducted. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42021235587
Impact of Maternal– Fetal Environment on Mortality in Children With Single Ventricle Heart Disease; BACKGROUND: Children with single ventricle heart disease have significant morbidity and mortality. The maternal– fetal environment (MFE) may adversely impact outcomes after neonatal cardiac surgery. We hypothesized that impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. METHODS AND RESULTS: We performed a retrospective cohort study of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome (and anatomic variants) who underwent stage 1 Norwood reconstruction between 2008 and 2018. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or smoking during pregnancy. Cox proportional hazards regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and death while adjusting for confounders. Hospital length of stay was assessed with the competing risk of in-hospital death. In 273 children, the median age at stage 1 Norwood reconstruction was 4 days (interquartile range [IQR], 3– 6 days). A total of 72 children (26%) were exposed to an impaired MFE; they had more preterm births (18% versus 7%) and a greater percentage with low birth weights <2.5 kg (18% versus 4%) than those without impaired MFE. Impaired MFE was associated with a higher risk of death (hazard ratio [HR], 6.05; 95% CI, 3.59–10.21; P<0.001) after adjusting for age at surgery, Hispanic ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, surgeon, and birth era. Children with impaired MFE had almost double the risk of prolonged hospital stay (HR, 1.95; 95% CI, 1.41– 2.70; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Children exposed to an impaired MFE had a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood reconstruction. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that can be targeted to improve outcomes after pediatric cardiac surgery.
Pregnancy Complications and Risk of Cardiovascular Disease Later in Life: A Nationwide Cohort Study; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between pregnancy complications and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalizations of cardiovascular disease (CVD) after adjustment for major confounding. METHODS AND RESULTS: In a nationwide register-based cohort study, women with singleton births between 1973 and 2014 were included from the Swedish Medical Birth Register. Outcomes of mortality and hospitalizations of CVD were collected from the Cause of Death Register and the National Inpatient Register. The cohort was followed from the date of the first delivery until death or end of follow-up, whichever occurred first. The pregnancy complications studied were preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Among the 2 134 239 women (mean age at first pregnancy, 27.0 [SD, 5.1] and mean parity 1.96 [SD, 0.9]), 19.1% (N=407 597) had 1 of the studied pregnancy complications. All pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause and cardiovascular mortality and hospitalization for CVD (ischemic heart disease, ischemic stroke, and peripheral artery disease) after adjustment for major confounding in a Cox proportional hazard regression model. The adjusted hazard ratio for cardiovascular mortality was 1.84 (95% CI, 1.38– 2.44) for preterm birth and 3.14 (95% CI, 1.81– 5.44) for stillbirth. CONCLUSIONS: In this large cohort study, pregnancy complications were associated with all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and hospitalizations for CVD, also after adjusting for confounding, including overweight, smoking, and comorbidi-ties. The study highlights that less established pregnancy complications such as preterm birth and stillbirth are also associated with cardiovascular mortality and CVD.
Non-invasive High-Frequency Oscillatory Ventilation as Initial Respiratory Support for Preterm Infants With Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the safety and feasibility of nHFOV as initial respiratory support in preterm infants with RDS. Methods: This study retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of 244 premature infants with RDS who were treated in our hospital from January 2016 to January 2019 and divided into the nHFOV group (n = 115) and the BiPAP group (n = 129) based on the initial respiratory support method. Results: Respiratory outcomes showed that the rate of NIV failure during the first 72 hours of life in the nHFOV group was significantly lower than that in the BiPAP group. The time of NIV in the nHFOV group was significantly shorter than that in the BiPAP group. The time of supplemental oxygen in the nHFOV group was significantly shorter than that in the BiPAP group. The incidence of air leakage syndrome in the nHFOV group was significantly lower than that in the BiPAP group, and the length of hospital stay of the nHFOV group was also significantly shorter than that in the BiPAP group. Although the rate of infants diagnosed with BPD was similar between the two groups, the rate of severe BPD in the nHFOV group was significantly lower than that in the BiPAP group. Conclusion: This study showed that nHFOV as initial respiratory support for preterm infants with RDS was feasible and safe compared to BiPAP. Furthermore, nHFOV can reduce the need for IMV and reduce the incidence of severe BPD and air leak syndrome.
Pregnancy in Women With Monogenic Diabetes due to Pathogenic Variants of the Glucokinase Gene: Lessons and Challenges; Heterozygous loss-of-function variants of the glucokinase (GCK) gene are responsible for a subtype of maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY). GCK-MODY is characterized by a mild hyperglycemia, mainly due to a higher blood glucose threshold for insulin secretion, and an up-regulated glucose counterregulation. GCK-MODY patients are asymptomatic, are not exposed to diabetes long-term complications, and do not require treatment. The diagnosis of GCK-MODY is made on the discovery of hyperglycemia by systematic screening, or by family screening. The situation is peculiar in GCK-MODY women during pregnancy for three reasons: 1. the degree of maternal hyperglycemia is sufficient to induce pregnancy adverse outcomes, as in pregestational or gestational diabetes; 2. the probability that a fetus inherits the maternal mutation is 50% and; 3. fetal insulin secretion is a major stimulus of fetal growth. Consequently, when the fetus has not inherited the maternal mutation, maternal hyperglycemia will trigger increased fetal insulin secretion and growth, with a high risk of macrosomia. By contrast, when the fetus has inherited the maternal mutation, its insulin secretion is set at the same threshold as the mother’s, and no fetal growth excess will occur. Thus, treatment of maternal hyperglycemia is necessary only in the former situation, and will lead to a risk of fetal growth restriction in the latter. It has been recommended that the management of diabetes in GCK-MODY pregnant women should be guided by assessment of fetal growth by serial ultrasounds, and institution of insulin therapy when the abdominal circumference is ≥ 75th percentile, considered as a surrogate for the fetal genotype. This strategy has not been validated in women with in GCK-MODY. Recently, the feasibility of non-invasive fetal genotyping has been demonstrated, that will improve the care of these women. Several challenges persist, including the identification of women with GCK-MODY before or early in pregnancy, and the modalities of insulin therapy. Yet, retrospective observational studies have shown that fetal genotype, not maternal treatment with insulin, is the main determinant of fetal growth and of the risk of macrosomia. Thus, further studies are needed to specify the management of GCK-MODY pregnant women during pregnancy.
Research Advances in the Roles of Circular RNAs in Pathophysiology and Early Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to different degrees of glucose tolerance abnormalities that occur during pregnancy or are discovered for the first time, which can have a serious impact on the mother and the offspring. The screening of GDM mainly relies on the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The early diagnosis and intervention of GDM can greatly improve adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, molecular markers for early prediction and diagnosis of GDM are currently lacking. Therefore, looking for GDM-specific early diagnostic markers has important clinical significance for the prevention and treatment of GDM and the management of subsequent maternal health. Circular RNA (circRNA) is a new type of non-coding RNA. Recent studies have found that circRNAs were involved in the occurrence and development of malignant tumors, metabolic diseases, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, etc., and could be used as the molecular marker for early diagnosis. Our previous research showed that circRNAs are differentially expressed in serum of GDM pregnant women in the second and third trimester, placental tissues during cesarean delivery, and cord blood. However, the mechanism of circular RNA in GDM still remains unclear. This article focuses on related circRNAs involved in insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, speculating on the possible role of circRNAs in the pathophysiology of GDM under the current research context, and has the potential to serve as early molecular markers for the diagnosis of GDM.
Prevalence of the number of pre-gestational diagnoses and trends in the United States in 2006 and 2016; Introduction: There is a trend in reproductive-aged women to live with more chronic conditions, likely resulting in pregnancies complicated by one or more pre-gestational diagnoses. The objective of this study is to determine the prevalence of women with pre-gestational diagnoses and pregnancy-related complications, and assess the trends of pre-gestational diagnoses between two time-points, ten-years apart from 2006 to 2016. Materials and methods: We abstracted pregnant patients from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project’s National Inpatient Sample by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality in 2006 and 2016. We classified diagnosis codes, ICD 9 for 2006 and ICD 10 for 2016, as pre-gestational diagnoses or as pregnancy-related complications. Descriptive statistics were presented as frequencies and proportions for categorical variables. Chi-square analysis was performed. All statistical analyses were two-sided and p-value <.05 was considered to be statistically significant. Results: Between 2006 and 2016, the percentage of patients with at least one pre-gestational diagnoses increased from 35.3% in 2006 to 53.8% in 2016 (p <.0001) and the percentage of patients with at least one pregnancy-related complication increased from 62.6% to 69.1% (p <.0001). We found a trend of increasing pregnancy-related complications with an increasing number of pre-gestational diagnoses. The prevalence of asthma and obesity, either alone or in combination were found to rise over the ten-year time span. Conclusion: The percent of patients entering pregnancy with any pre-gestational diagnosis has increased, along with the number of pregnancy-related complications. Future research is needed to understand the effects of these diagnoses in combination and the possible impact on pregnancy outcomes.
Small-for-gestational age placentas associate with an increased risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancies complicated by either type I or type II pre-gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: One-fifth of pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-DM) yield placentas <10th percentile small for gestational age (SGA), compared to a non-diabetic population. We hypothesized that SGA placentas of women with pre-DM, whether type I (T1DM) or type II (T2DM), exhibit distinct histopathological changes and pregnancy outcomes compared to pre-DM pregnancies with an AGA placenta. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, cohort study of placentas from pregnant women enrolled in the Diabetes in Pregnancy Program at Brown University between 2003 and 2011, by comparing pre-DM patients with SGA placentas to pre-DM patients with AGA placental weights. Results: The SGA placenta groups were associated with an increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes, compared to AGA placentas in pregnancies complicated by either T1DM or T2DM. Compared to their AGA pre-DM counterparts, T1DM, SGA placentas show increased peri-villous fibrin/fibrinoid deposition, thrombosis in fetal blood vessels, and meconium staining. Moreover, the histopathology of SGA placentas from T2DM is characterized by decidual vasculopathy, accelerated villous maturity, and erythroblastosis, compared to T2DM AGA placentas. The contrasting placental pathologies between the two pre-DM SGA phenotypes evolved independent of patient demographics and were unrelated to indicators of the glycemic control present at early gestational ages. Discussion: A sub-population of pre-DM women with either T1DM or T2DM diabetes that have an SGA placenta are at increased risk for adverse clinical outcomes in pregnancy, compared to pre-DM women with AGA placental weights.
Villitis of unknown etiology (VUE): effect on placental size and association with clinical parameters; Objectives: Villitis of unknown etiology (VUE) is an inflammatory placental lesion with immune-mediated pathogenesis, diagnosed by histopathological examination. It is one of the three placental lesions which tend to recur in subsequent pregnancies, the other two being chronic histiocytic intervillositis and massive fibrin deposition. The frequency of VUE and its association with maternal, obstetric and neonatal complications are variability reported in the literature. The aim of this study is to determine the frequency of VUE in the population studied and to observe the association of specific subtypes of villitis with clinical features, placental morphometric and microscopic parameters. Methods: Placentas where villitis was observed, were obtained from the pathology database from January 2013 to June 2018. VUE was graded as low grade (LG), high grade (HG) and basal villitis (BV) and subcategorized based on extent and cell type. Its association with selected maternal, neonatal and placental parameters was evaluated. Results: A total of 1603 placentas were received and 163 singleton placentas with villitis (10%) were reported. LG and HG villitis was observed in 58% and 25% cases respectively. Basal villitis was seen in 24% and pure basal villitis without involvement of parenchymal villi was seen in 16.6%. While there was near equal distribution of focal (n = 45) and multifocal (n = 50) LG villitis, diffuse HG villitis (n = 32) was more common than patchy HG villitis (n = 9). Overall villitis was more common in preterm pregnancies (59.5%) with most of them being basal villitis and low-grade villitis (64.2%, p value.029). None of the other maternal and neonatal parameters had any significance. Placental dimensions (length and breadth) showed a significant negative association with VUE, especially high-grade and multifocal low-grade villitis. Conclusion: VUE was a common finding in preterm births and its novel association with placental size opens avenues for further research on alternative mechanisms involved in the association between villitis, placental function and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Comparison of two management options for labor induction following unsuccessful prostaglandin E2 ripening; Objective: We sought to compare the likelihood of a vaginal delivery (VD) using oxytocin, with and without a cervical ripening balloon, in nulliparous women who did not respond to initial ripening with prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). Methods: We a performed a retrospective cohort study of nulliparous women with a singleton pregnancy at term who underwent cervical ripening with vaginal PGE2 between October 2015 and March 2019. Patients who did not respond to PGE2 ripening (bishop score (BS) of 6 or less with cervical dilation less than 3 cm) were stratified into two groups based on management: sequential ripening with a cervical ripening balloon in addition to oxytocin versus oxytocin alone. Patients who had PGE2 for less than 6 h, a BS greater than 6 after ripening, rupture of membranes or missing data were excluded. The primary outcome was VD. Secondary outcomes included VD within 24 h of induction, time from induction to delivery, rates of chorioamnionitis and postpartum hemorrhage, presence of meconium, neonatal birthweight, NICU admission, 5 min apgar < 5, and umbilical cord pH < 7. Statistical analysis included Chi-squared, Fisher’s exact and Mann-Whitney U tests, as well as logistic regression. Odds ratios (ORs) were calculated and adjusted for significant confounders using backwards-stepwise logistic regression. For time to delivery, a Cox proportional hazard regression was used to determine the hazard ratio (HR) and adjusted HR. Results: 840 patients underwent cervical ripening with PGE2 during the study period. After the exclusion criteria were applied, 272 cases comprised the study cohort. Of those, 123 (45%) continued labor induction with a cervical ripening balloon and oxytocin and 149 (55%) continued labor induction with oxytocin alone. Baseline characteristics such as age, BMI, ethnicity, gestational age at induction and number of women undergoing elective induction were similar between both groups. There was no statistically significant difference in the likelihood of VD (oxytocin and cervical ripening balloon: 62.6% vs. oxytocin alone: 50.3%; a OR 1.61, p =.07) or rate of secondary outcomes between the two groups. Patients in the oxytocin alone group had a higher BS after PGE2 ripening, although both were very low (3 vs. 2, p <.0001).”. Additionally, there were significantly more patients undergoing full PGE2 ripening for 12 h in the cervical ripening balloon and oxytocin group compared to oxytocin alone (65.9% vs. 49.7%, p =.02). Conclusion: Our data did not show a difference in VD rate in nulliparous women unresponsive to PGE2 ripening who underwent continued induction with oxytocin and cervical ripening balloon compared to oxytocin alone. Larger studies investigating the utility of sequential ripening and determining the optimal induction method following unsuccessful ripening are needed.
Stillbirth in women with diabetes: a retrospective analysis of fetal autopsy reports; Introduction: Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with an increased rate of stillbirth. There are a wide variety of factors that have been implicated including placental insufficiency, hypoxia, hyperinsulinemia and impaired cardiac function. Furthermore, there is evidence that diabetic pregnancies have an increased rate of fetal cardiomyopathy as compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. Prior studies have indicated that this association can also be an etiology for diabetic stillbirth. The purpose of this study was to determine if diabetic pregnancies have an increased risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified on fetal autopsy as compared to non-diabetic women with a stillbirth in a cohort of pregnancies that had evaluation with a fetal autopsy. Materials and methods: Retrospective cohort study of women with a stillbirth who consented to fetal autopsy at an academic medical center from 2011 to 2017. Stillbirth was defined as an intrauterine fetal demise at ≥20 weeks’ gestation. Women with diabetes defined as pre-gestational diabetes type 1, pre-gestational diabetes type 2, and gestational diabetes were compared to women without diabetes. Primary outcome was fetal cardiomyopathy. Other etiologies for stillbirth were also evaluated and classified according to the Stillbirth Collaborative Research Network (SCRN) initial causes of fetal death. Fisher exact test, χ2 test, and Mann Whitney U tests were performed as appropriate, with p <.05 considered significant. Generalized linear models were performed for fetal organ weights controlling for gestational age of delivery, maternal chronic hypertension, delivery body mass index, and birthweight. Results: A total of 78 women elected to have fetal autopsy examinations during the study period. Of these, 75 had complete information available for review. A total of 60 women did not have diabetes and 15 women had diabetes. Of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, 11 had insulin dependent diabetes and 4 had non-insulin dependent diabetes. Fetal cardiomyopathy was diagnosed on autopsy for 7 (46.7%) of pregnancies with diabetes and 2 (3.3% of pregnancies without diabetes (RR 14.00 [95% CI 3.23–60.65], p <.001). These associations were still significant even when analyzing only those pregnancies without fetal congenital heart disease (7 [46.7%] diabetic pregnancies with cardiomyopathy versus 1 [2.0%] nondiabetic pregnancy with cardiomyopathy, RR 23.80 [95% CI 3.17–178.46], p <.001). There was no difference between diabetic and non-diabetic pregnancies in regards to other causes for stillbirth. Stillbirths in pregnancies with diabetes also had larger fetal heart, liver, and adrenal weights on fetal autopsy. Conclusion: Women with diabetes have 14 times the risk of fetal cardiomyopathy identified at fetal autopsy as compared to women without diabetes. As the prediction and prevention of diabetic stillbirth is limited, information on potential causes of stillbirth may help future research identify those pregnancies at the greatest risk for adverse outcome.
Benefits of exercise in pregnancies with gestational diabetes; A significant proportion of pregnancies are complicated by diabetes mellitus. Most of them concern women with gestational diabetes mellitus, while proportionally are presented with preexisting DM 1 and DM 2. Metabolic derangements of the diabetic syndrome are likely to generate serious complications for both the mother and the fetus with a significant impact on their later health. Undoubtedly, all appropriate interventions that will contribute to the smoothest and most uncomplicated course of pregnancy are considered essential. Healthy diet adjustments, glucose monitoring and an appropriate insulin regimen, if needed, are considered effective tools for a safe gestation. Courses with aerobic, anaerobic stretching and relaxation exercises are presented with significant benefits in the therapeutic struggle for the general public. Extended research has been conducted assessing the role of exercise incorporation in a diabetic pregnancy. As evidence would support based on recent literature, exercise is an important mean in the prevention of carbohydrate intolerance during gestation and even more facilitates a smoother management of a diabetic pregnancy. Thus, exercise poses an essential role for maternal and neonatal health.
Elective cesarean delivery and long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring–a population-based cohort analysis; Objective: To evaluate the impact of cesarean delivery (CD) on offspring risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Study design: A population-based cohort analysis was performed, including all singleton term deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Fetuses with cardiac or other congenital malformations were excluded, as were cases of urgent CD and pregnancies involving preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, labor induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to 18 years of age involving cardiovascular morbidity were compared between the two study groups. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve compared cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. Results: Of the 132,054 term deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 8.9% were CDs (n = 11,746) and 91.1% (n = 120,308) were vaginal deliveries. Cardiovascular hospitalization incidence per 1000 person follow up years was 0.742 in the CD group and 0.054 in the comparison group (HR = 1.3, 95%CI 1.051–1.710, p =.018). The Kaplan–Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (log rank p =.018). In the Cox proportional hazards model, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for offspring long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.295, CI 1.005–1.668, p =.04) when controlling for maternal age, obesity, ethnicity, gestational age, newborn gender, low birthweight, maternal preexisting cardiovascular disease, and deliveries occurring after 2008. Conclusion: Singletons delivered by CD at term have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity.
Could the E/A ratio be included in the cardiological evaluation of the offspring of diabetic mothers? A case-control study in South Sardinia; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease widespread in the world. Sardinia represents, together with Finland, the region with the highest incidence of type 1 DM (DM1), as well as a high prevalence of gestational DM (GDM). Despite the improvement in obstetric surveillance, perinatal and long-term adverse outcomes are still frequent in the offspring of diabetic mothers. During gestations complicated by DM, fetal heart is one of the most affected organ potentially undergoing structural heart defects or several degrees of fetal myocardium hypertrophy and impaired cardiac function. Aim: The aim of our study was to evaluate, through echocardiographic examination, cardiac features and performance in a South Sardinian population of newborns of diabetic mothers comparing them to a group of control subjects. Conclusions: In our sample, the E/A ratio resulted a significant marker of early diastolic dysfunction in asymptomatic neonates born by diabetic mothers, even if such result should be confirmed on larger samples.
Prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus in the first 19 weeks of pregnancy using machine learning techniques; Aim: Our objective was to develop a first 19 weeks risk prediction model with several potential gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predictors including hepatic and renal and coagulation function measures. Methods: A total of 490 pregnant women, 215 with GDM and 275 controls, participated in this case-control study. Forty-three blood examination indexes including blood routine, hepatic and renal function, and coagulation function were obtained. Support vector machine (SVM) and light gradient boosting machine (lightGBM) were applied to estimate possible associations with GDM and build the predict model. Cutoff points were estimated using receiver operating characteristic curve analysis. Results: It was observed that a cutoff of Prothrombin time (PAT-PT) and Activated partial thromboplastin time (PAT-APTT) could reliably predict GDM with sensitivity of 88.3% and specificity of 99.47% (AUC of 94.2%). If we only use hepatic and renal function examination, a cutoff of DBIL and FPG with sensitivity of 82.6% and specificity of 90.0% (AUC of 91.0%) was obvious and a negative correlation with PAT-PT (r=–0.430549) and patient activated partial thromboplastin time (PAT-APTT) (r=–0.725638). A negative correlation with direct bilirubin (DBIL) (r=–0.379882) and positive correlation with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (r = 0.458332) neglect coagulation function examination. Conclusion: The results of this study point out the possible roles of PAT-PT and PAT-APTT as potential novel biomarkers for the prediction and earlier diagnosis of GDM. A first 19 weeks risk prediction model, which incorporates novel biomarkers, accurately identifies women at high risk of GDM, and relevant measures can be applied early to achieve the prevention and control effects.
Uterine rupture and long-term cardiovascular hospitalization of the offspring; Background: Uterine rupture is associated with severely adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The association between uterine rupture and long-term cardiovascular hospitalization of the offspring has not been investigated yet. Methods: In a population-based cohort study, the incidence of cardiovascular related hospitalizations was compared between singletons born to mothers with and without uterine rupture in the current pregnancy. Cardiovascular hospitalization up to the age of 18 years was assessed according to a predefined set of ICD-9 codes associated with offspring hospitalization. Multiple gestations, perinatal deaths, lacking prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations or chromosomal abnormalities were excluded from the study. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve was used to assess cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalization of the offspring. A Cox proportional hazards model was performed to control for confounders. Results: During the study period, 238,622 newborns met the inclusion criteria, of which 0.053% (n = 127) were born to mothers with uterine rupture in the current pregnancy. Children born to mothers with uterine rupture had significantly higher rates of cardiovascular related hospitalization (Kaplan–Meier’s survival curve log-rank test, p=.005). Conclusion: Being born following uterine rupture is an independent risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular hospitalization.Highlights Uterine rupture is a risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular related hospitalization. Rising rate of CS potentially associate to long-term offspring cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular surveillance is needed for newborns delivered after uterine rupture.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy: are outcomes the same in patients on antihypertensives?*; Objective: To investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. Study design: Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from 2015-2018. Two groups included those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. Primary outcome is composite morbidity: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included development of severe features, indication for preterm labor less than 37 weeks, incidence of severe range blood pressures, and neonatal outcomes. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests where appropriate. Logistic regression used to account for potential confounders. Results: Study cohort included 117 on antihypertensives and 114 not on antihypertensives. Use of antihypertensives was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66–9.78). Use of antihypertensive medications was also associated with increased risk of prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, development of severe features, severe blood pressure during pregnancy, earlier mean gestational age at delivery, lower mean birth weight, and higher risk of NICU admission. Logistic regression analysis showed that the association between medication requirement and our composite primary outcome persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. Conclusion: Our findings show an association between the requirement of antihypertensive medication use a significantly higher risk of composite primary outcome, prenatal diagnosis of IUGR, delivery prior to 34 weeks, and the development of severe features.
Duration of labor induction in nulliparous women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: The objective of this study was to quantify the association between duration of labor induction in nulliparous women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and maternal and neonatal morbidity. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of a multicenter cohort study of 228,438 deliveries in 19 U.S. hospitals. The analysis included nulliparous women ≥18 years old with singleton gestation diagnosed with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and undergoing induction of labor for that indication. Duration of labor induction, defined as time from admission to delivery, was examined by 4 h intervals from <12 h to ≥24 h in relation to maternal and neonatal composite outcomes. Maternal composite outcome included operative vaginal delivery, chorioamnionitis, blood transfusion, intensive care unit admission, placental abruption, 3rd or 4th degree perineal laceration, endometritis, postpartum hemorrhage, or venous thromboembolism. Neonatal composite outcome included neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission, respiratory distress syndrome, 5-minute Apgar score ≤7, seizure, infection, intrapartum meconium aspiration, intracranial hemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal death. The trends in proportions of outcomes that occurred at different intervals were examined by Cochran-Armitage trend test. Relative risks were calculated with <12 h as the reference category and potential confounders adjusted by log-binomial or Poisson regression. Possible correlations within centers were taken into account using generalized estimating equations. Results: A total of 3,990 women met inclusion criteria. The median labor duration was 19.8 h (interquartile range 12.9 h-27.9h), with 849 (21.3%) lasting <12 h and 1,426 (35.7%) >24 h. The frequency of composite maternal outcome was not associated with labor duration; however, the rates of chorioamnionitis (p <.001) and postpartum hemorrhage (p <.001) increased as labor duration increased. The frequency of composite neonatal outcome was greater with increasing labor duration (p <.001). After multivariable adjustment, duration of labor induction was associated with increased risks of maternal composite outcome after 24 h (aRR 1.39, 95% CI 1.20–1.62) and neonatal composite outcome after 24 h (aRR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11–1.56). Conclusions: In nulliparous women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, duration of labor induction was associated with increased risks for maternal and neonatal morbidity after 24 h.
Stratified risk of pregnancy loss for women with a viable singleton pregnancy in the first trimester; Objective: Calculate the risk of miscarriage in women with a viable (defined as presence of fetal heart rate on ultrasound) first trimester singleton pregnancy and to create a model for stratified risk-assessment for pregnancy loss based on significant risk factors. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study of unselected women with singleton pregnancies in a large obstetrical practice who presented for prenatal care prior to 14 weeks over a three-year period. All women underwent a formal first-trimester ultrasound, and we only included women with viable pregnancies with fetal heart activity seen on that ultrasound. Our primary outcome was pregnancy loss prior to 20 weeks. Statistical modeling was used to create a risk-assessment tool from adjusted likelihood ratios of pregnancy loss based on risk factors independently associated with this outcome. Results: From January 2015-December 2017, 2,446 women met the inclusion criteria for the study and 132 (5.4%) had a pregnancy loss <20 weeks. On regression analysis, the independent risk factors for pregnancy loss were earlier gestational age (aOR 0.72, 95% CI 0.65–0.80) and increasing number of prior miscarriages (aOR 1.56, 95% CI 1.32–1.83). Using these risk factors, we calculated the stratified risk of pregnancy loss, which ranged from 0.8% in women at 13 weeks of gestation with no prior miscarriages to 33.7% in women at six weeks of gestation with three or more prior miscarriages. Conclusion: In first trimester singleton pregnancies, the overall risk of pregnancy loss <20 weeks after confirmation of fetal heart activity is 5.4%, but can be stratified for each woman and ranges from 0.8% to 33.7% based on the gestational age and number of prior pregnancy losses.
Fetal vascular malperfusion (FVM): diagnostic implications and clinical associations; Introduction: Fetal vascular malperfusion (FVM) is diagnosed by the presence of vascular lesions in the muscularized fetal vessels in the placenta and the resultant changes in the downstream villi. The Amsterdam Placental Working Group recognizes two patterns of FVM namely segmental and global. The aim of this study was to estimate the frequency of FVM lesion in our population and to understand its neonatal associations. Methods: Fifty-four placentas with FVM and 56 controls collected over 34 months. The maternal and neonatal details were collected from the case charts. The patterns and grades of FVM lesions were related to the clinical factors and significance analyzed statistically using the Chi-square test and t-test and p <.05 was considered significant. Results: The frequency of FVM was 8.7%. The FVM group showed lower mean gestational age, birth weight, and placental weight with a higher frequency of IUGR. Poor neonatal survival, non-reassuring fetal status, neurological abnormalities, neonatal sepsis, asphyxia, low Apgar, and respiratory support requirement were significantly higher in the FVM group. A similar frequency of segmental and global lesions was seen. High grade lesions (n = 35) were common than low grade (n = 19). Neonatal associations were more often seen in segmental and high-grade lesions. Discussion: In the absence of antenatal diagnostic tools to identify FVM, placental examination is critical and the only definitive method to diagnose FVM, which alerts the clinician to monitor for several neonatal morbidities. Identification and typing the lesion as per the new guidelines proves significant risk associations with specific types of FVM.
Maternal and infant hospitalization costs associated with maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index in California, 2007–2011; Background: In the United States, the number of pregnant women who are overweight or obese is increasing. While such individuals are at increased risk of pregnancy complications, data regarding costs associated with pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) and maternal and infant outcomes are lacking. Objective: To estimate maternal and infant costs associated with pre-pregnancy BMI in a large cohort of pregnant women. Materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton, non-anomalous births in California from 2007 to 2011. Women with preexisting diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension were excluded. Hospitalization costs were estimated separately for women and infants using hospital charges adjusted using a cost-to-charge ratio. These costs included hospitalization costs for admission for delivery only. We estimated the differences in median costs between seven categories of pre-pregnancy BMIs, including underweight (BMI <18.5), normal weight (BMI 18.5–24.9), overweight (BMI 25.0–29.9), class I obesity (BMI 30.0–34.9), class II obesity (BMI 35.0–39.9), class III obesity (BMI 40.0–49.9) and obesity with BMI ≥50.0. We also performed stratified analyses by mode of delivery and gestational age at delivery. We examined the length of stay for women and infants and estimated the gestational age at delivery. Analyses were conducted utilizing Kruskal-Wallis equality-of-populations rank tests with a significance cutoff of 0.05. Results: In a California cohort of 1,722,840 women, 787,790 (45.7%) had a pre-pregnancy BMI that was considered overweight or obese. The median maternal and infant costs of each pre-pregnancy BMI strata were significantly different when compared to other strata, with underweight and normal weight women having the lowest median costs ($11,581 and $11,721, respectively) and the most obese category (BMI ≥50) having the highest costs ($15,808). When stratified by mode of delivery and gestational age at delivery, this remained true. Hospitalization costs for women and infants with severe maternal morbidity were also significantly different based on maternal BMI. Comment: The hospitalization costs associated with each strata of BMI were significantly different when compared to each other and when stratified by mode of delivery and prematurity. This analysis allows for a greater understanding of the health care costs associated with different maternal pre-pregnancy BMI classes.
Postpartum cardiac readmissions among women without a cardiac diagnosis at delivery; Objective: To determine risk for cardiac readmissions among women without cardiac diagnoses present at delivery up to 9 months after delivery hospitalization discharge. Methods: Delivery hospitalizations without cardiac diagnoses were identified from the 2010–2014 Nationwide Readmissions Database and linked with subsequent cardiac hospitalizations over the following 9 months. The temporality of new-onset cardiac hospitalizations was calculated for each 30-day interval from delivery discharge up to 9 months postpartum. Multivariable log-linear regression models were fit to identify risk factors for cardiac readmissions adjusting for patient, medical, and obstetrical factors with adjusted risk ratios as measures of effect (aRR). Results: Among 4.4 million delivery hospitalizations without a cardiac diagnosis, readmission for a cardiac condition within 9 months occurred in 26.8 per 10,000 women. Almost half of readmissions (45.9%) occurred within the first 30 days after delivery discharge with subsequent hospitalizations broadly distributed over the remaining 8 months. Factors such as hypertensive diseases of pregnancy (aRR 2.19, 95% CI 2.09, 2.30), severe maternal morbidity at delivery (aRR 2.06, 95% CI 1.79, 2.37), chronic hypertension (aRR 2.52, 95% CI 2.31, 2.74), lupus (aRR 4.62, 95% CI 3.82, 5.60), and venous thromboembolism during delivery (aRR 3.72, 95% CI 2.75, 5.02) were all associated with increased risk for 9-month postpartum cardiac admissions as were Medicaid (aRR 1.57, 95% CI 1.51, 1.64) and Medicare insurance (aRR 3.06, 95% CI 2.70, 3.46) compared to commercial insurance and maternal ages 35–39 and 40–54 years (aRR 1.24, 95% CI 1.17, 1.32, aRR 1.74, 95% CI 1.60, 1.90, respectively) compared to maternal age 25–29 years. Conclusions: Among women without a cardiac diagnosis at delivery, multiple medical factors and obstetrical complications are associated with development of new cardiac disease requiring readmission in the postpartum period. Given that pregnancy complications and comorbidities may be associated with intermediate-term health outcomes, these findings support the importance of continued health care access after six weeks postpartum.
The effect of antenatal indomethacin on extremely preterm neonatal kidney function; Introduction/Objective: Indomethacin is an effective tocolytic to prevent extremely preterm birth. Prior studies have associated antenatal indomethacin exposure with adverse preterm neonatal intestinal and neurological outcomes. Indomethacin is a nephrotoxic medication that may also affect preterm neonatal kidneys. We sought to evaluate the effect of antenatal indomethacin on extremely preterm neonatal kidney function and acute kidney injury (AKI) in the first week of age. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on neonates born < 29 weeks at a level III neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) from January 2018-April 2019. Serum creatinine (sCr) values and urine output (UOP) in the first seven days of age and the neonate’s peak serum creatinine within the first 30 days were evaluated. Neonatal AKI was defined by the modified neonatal Kidney Disease Improving Global Outcomes (KDIGO) definition including urine output. Results: 17 of the 55 neonates meeting criteria for this study were exposed to indomethacin. The average gestational age at birth was similar between study groups. Maternal preeclampsia was more common among women who did not receive indomethacin (p = 0.021). Indomethacin exposed neonates received more gentamicin (p = 0.024). Overall, staging of the neonatal AKI did not differ significantly between the study groups, regardless of how it was quantified (sCr or UOP) or the duration of time in which the injury developed (7 days or 30 days). Separate analysis of sCr and UOP in the first seven days also failed to show any statistically significant differences between the two groups. Conclusion: In this small cohort study of extremely preterm neonates, those born to mothers treated with indomethacin did not have an increased incidence of AKI compared to neonates born to unexposed mothers. Although no statistically significant differences in UOP or sCr were found, they deserve further evaluation in adequately powered prospective clinical trials. Future prospective studies with long-term follow-up utilizing advanced biomarkers are needed to determine how antenatal indomethacin affects extremely preterm neonatal kidney function in the NICU, during childhood, and as adults.
Clinical manifestation and maternal complications and neonatal outcomes in pregnant women with COVID-19: a comprehensive evidence synthesis and meta-analysis; Objectives: There is little known about pregnancy-related complications and comorbidity in this group of women. Therefore, this systematic review and meta-analysis were performed to find out whether COVID-19 may cause different manifestations and outcomes in the antepartum and postpartum period or not. Material and methods: We searched databases, including Medline (PubMed), Embase, Scopus, Web of sciences, Cochrane library, Ovid, and CINHAL to retrieve all articles reporting the prevalence of maternal and neonatal complications, in addition to clinical manifestations, in pregnant women with COVID-19 that published with English language January to November 2020. Results: Seventy-four studies with total 5560 pregnant women included in this systematic review. The results show that the pooled prevalence of neonatal mortality, lower birth weight, stillbirth, premature birth, and intrauterine fetal distress in women with COVID-19 was 4% (95% Cl: 1 − 9%), 21% (95% Cl: 11 − 31%), 2% (95% Cl: 1 − 6%), 28% (95% Cl: 13 − 43%), and 14% (95% Cl: 4 − 25%); respectively. Moreover, the pooled prevalence of fever, cough, diarrhea, and dyspnea were 56% (95% Cl: 32 − 81%), 29% (95% Cl: 21 − 38%), 9% (95% Cl: 2 − 16%), and 3% (95% Cl: 1 − 6%) in pregnant women with COVID-19. Two studies reported that pregnant women with severe COVID pneumonia have higher levels of d-dimer. Also, COVID pneumonia is more common in pregnant women than non-pregnant. Conclusion: According to this meta-analysis, pregnant women with COVID-19 with or without pneumonia, are at a higher risk of preeclampsia, preterm birth, miscarriage and cesarean delivery. Furthermore, the risk of LBW and intrauterine fetal distress seems to be increased in neonates. In addition, our evaluations are investigative of higher risk of COVID-19 in the third trimester in pregnant women comparing to the first and second trimester. It can be due to higher BMI in the third trimester causing to increase the likelihood of disease deterioration, which can trigger a cascade of side effects starting with coagulation, pneumonia, hypoxemia affecting the placenta leading to ICU admission, fetal distress, premature birth and higher rates of C-section.
Outcomes of pregnancy and delivery in women with cardiac disease compared to matched healthy controls; Objective: We compared pregnancy and delivery outcomes between women with cardiac disease versus matched healthy controls. The primary outcome was the frequency of unplanned cesarean delivery. Methods: In this single-center retrospective case-control study, women with cardiac disease were identified and matched (1:2 ratio, according to maternal age, parity, number of prior cesareans, gestational age, delivery onset and fetal presentation) to healthy controls who delivered within the same year. Outcomes were frequency of unplanned cesarean delivery, complications during pregnancy and postpartum course, intensive care unit (ICU) admissions, and length of hospitalization. Results: One hundred and twelve women with cardiac disease (exposed group, 225 deliveries) were identified and matched with 450 healthy women (controls, 2003-2014). The cohort comprised of 103 women (204 deliveries) with acquired heart disease (valve disease [n = 69], arrhythmia [n = 31], 3 with cardiomyopathy and peri/myocarditis, and 9 women (21 deliveries) with congenital heart disease. The frequency of unplanned cesarean was 14 (7.9%) for the exposed group as compared with 12 (3.4%) in controls with an odds ratio of 2.33 (95% CI = 1.0.2–5.32, p =.045). This difference was accentuated in a sub-group of women with severe cardiac disease (15% vs. 4.2% in matched control group, p =.028). Seventy-one (31.6%) exposed women exhibited obstetric and cardiovascular complications during pregnancy as compared with 65 (14.4%) controls, p <.001. Twenty-five (13.9%) exposed women experienced postpartum complications versus 26 (7.5%) in the control group (p =.019). Maternal ICU admission occurred in 13 (7.3%) of the exposed group as compared with only 2 (0.6%) in controls (p <.001). Conclusions: Women with a background cardiac condition, particularly those with severe disease, are at a higher risk for an unplanned cesarean delivery and other peripartum complications as compared with matched healthy controls.
Long-term cardio-metabolic effects after gestational diabetes: a review; Women with GDM are at high risk of metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). A relationship with GDM and future development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been also recognized. Pregnancy and postpartum period in women with GDM give us the opportunity to identify the underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Ideally, the postpartum follow-up of this women should be done by a multidisciplinary team to evaluate their cardio-metabolic risk and to counseling regarding lifestyle modification (healthy diet and regular physical activity) and breastfeeding that can reduce their risk. Longer follow-up of these women should be individualized, focusing attention on women at medium-high cardio-metabolic risk. The link between GDM and T2DM-CVD offers us a great opportunity for the diseases prevention.
Timing of active phase labor arrest diagnosis in nulliparous women: a cost-effectiveness analysis; Background: Recommendations from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists for the safe prevention of primary cesarean deliveries propose that cesarean delivery for active phase arrest in the first stage of labor should be performed only if women fail to progress despite four hours of adequate uterine activity and no cervical change. This is a change in recommendation from a two-hour threshold. Objective: To determine the economic and clinical implications of waiting four hours compared to two hours for cervical progression before diagnosing active phase labor arrest. Study Design: We designed a cost-effectiveness analysis using TreeAge Pro 2020 software with model inputs derived from the literature. We used a theoretical cohort of 1.4 million women, the approximate number of nulliparous U.S. women reaching four centimeters in spontaneous labor. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes and costs associated with defining active phase arrest after four hours of no cervical progression versus two hours. As a baseline assumption, active labor was defined at four centimeters. It was assumed that women with active phase arrest were delivered via cesarean delivery. In addition to cost and maternal quality-adjusted life years (QALY), outcomes included mode of delivery, endometritis, postpartum hemorrhage requiring transfusion, and maternal deaths. Neonatal outcomes included rates of shoulder dystocia and permanent brachial plexus injury. The willingness-to-pay threshold was set at $100,000/QALY. Results: In a theoretical cohort of 1.4 million women, waiting four hours instead of two hours led to 322,253 fewer cesarean deliveries, 6 fewer maternal deaths, 123 fewer postpartum hemorrhages requiring transfusions, and 28,615 fewer episodes of endometritis. There were 418 more instances of neonatal shoulder dystocia and 14 more cases of permanent brachial plexus injuries with a four-hour threshold. A four-hour threshold leads to 56% more women having a vaginal delivery in our theoretical cohort. Results from our model show that waiting four hours versus two hours to diagnose active phase labor arrest led to increased total QALYs with increased costs, with an incremental cost effectiveness ratio (ICER) below our willingness-to-pay threshold of $100,000 per QALY. Thus, it was cost effective to wait for at least four hours in the diagnosis of active phase arrest. Multivariable sensitivity analysis demonstrated the model was robust over a wide range of assumptions. Conclusions: Increasing the time threshold from two to four hours for diagnosing active phase labor arrest beyond four centimeters is a cost-effective strategy, resulting in fewer primary cesarean deliveries and improved maternal outcomes, despite a small increase in adverse neonatal outcomes.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) an evaluation of over 9 million deliveries; Objective: Evaluate the associations between irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes, using a population database cohort. Methods: We conducted a retrospective analysis utilizing the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database over 11 years from 2004 to 2014. A delivery cohort was created using ICD-9 codes. ICD-9 code 564.1 was used to extract the cases of IBS. Pregnant women with IBS (study group) were compared to pregnant women without IBS (control). A multivariate logistic regression model was used to adjust for statistically significant variables (p value <.05). Results: There were a total of 9,096,788 deliveries during the study period. Of those, 8962 pregnant women were found to have IBS. The prevalence of IBS increased from 47.96 to 172.68 per 100,000 women during the study period. Compared to the control group, women with IBS were more likely to be Caucasian, older, have higher incomes and private insurance plans (p <.0001, in all cases). In addition, they were more likely to be obese, smokers, hypertensive, IVF pregnancies, have multiple gestations, thyroid disorders, chronic interstitial cystitis, fibromyalgia and have psychiatric disorders (p <.0001 in all cases). Women with IBS were more likely to experience pregnancy-induced hypertension (aOR 1.11, 95% CI 1.02–1.21), preeclampsia (aOR 1.23, 95% CI 1.09–1.38), deep venous thrombosis (aOR 2.26, 95% CI 1.12–4.57), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.1, 95% CI 1.002–1.22) compared to the non-IBS group. Congenital anomalies were encountered in 1.7% of the IBS group compared to 0.4% in the control group (aOR 2.57, 95% CI 2.13–3.09). Conclusion: When controlling for confounding effects, IBS is associated with an increased risk for preeclampsia, DVT and increased risk for congenital malformation.
Identifying the effective components of a standardized labor induction protocol: secondary analysis of a randomized, controlled trial; Objective: Standardized labor induction protocols utilizing evidence-based active management practices are associated with improved obstetric outcomes. However, these protocols are complex and include multiple components. We aimed to identify which of the individual components of an evidence-based labor induction protocol are most associated with reduced rates of cesarean delivery, maternal morbidity, and neonatal morbidity. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized trial comparing time to delivery among four labor induction methods. All patients enrolled in the trial had their labor managed with a multidisciplinary-developed, evidence-based standardized labor induction protocol. For each patient’s induction, we assessed adherence to seven components of the protocol. Primary outcomes included cesarean delivery, maternal morbidity, and neonatal morbidity. Bivariate analyses assessed the association of each protocol component with each outcome. Multivariable logistic regression determined independent predictors of each outcome. Results: The 491 patients enrolled in the randomized trial were included in this analysis. For cesarean delivery, while adherence to four of the seven protocol components was associated with the outcome in bivariate analyses, only adherence to “cervical exams should be performed every 1–2 h in active labor” was associated with reduced cesarean rates when controlling for age, body mass index, and parity. For maternal morbidity, while adherence to “if misoprostol is utilized, it should not be continued beyond 6 doses or 24 h of use” was associated in bivariate analysis, it was no longer associated with the outcome in multivariable analysis. Finally, “cervical exams should be performed every 1–2 h in active labor” and “cervical exams should be performed every 2–4 h in latent labor” were associated with reduced neonatal morbidity both in bivariate analyses as well as when controlling for age, body mass index, and parity. Conclusions: Within a standardized labor induction protocol, adherence to cervical exams every 1–2 h in active labor was associated with reduced cesarean rate, and adherence to cervical exams every 2–4 h in latent labor, as well as every 1–2 h in active labor is associated with reduced neonatal morbidity. Regular cervical examination during labor induction likely allows for intervention when cervical change is not made. This data warrants further investigation into the optimal frequency of cervical exams during labor induction. Furthermore, an understanding of which components of a complex, evidence-based labor induction protocol are most effective may be helpful for streamlining and education around this protocol as implementation occurs across diverse sites.
Prenatal markers of atypical neurodevelopment in children with congenital heart defects; Background: A growing body of literature demonstrates that survivors of congenital heart defects (CHD) are at increased risk of neurodevelopmental delay, which frequently manifests as motor delay during the first year of life. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine prenatal predictors of an early atypical neurodevelopment. This information could help assist decision-making during prenatal counseling. Study design: In this retrospective cohort study, we evaluated the records of 75 children with CHD followed at the Clinique d’Investigation Neuro-Cardiaque (CINC) of the CHU Ste-Justine born between 2013 and 2016. The neurodevelopmental outcome was determined using the Alberta Infant Motor Scale (AIMS) at 4 months. Associations between prenatal factors and atypical neurodevelopment (AIMS < 10th percentile) were assessed using bivariate and multivariate analyses. Results: Forty-four infants (58.7%) had atypical neurodevelopment. When there was no extra cardiac anomaly seen on prenatal ultrasound, a head to abdominal ratio (HC/AC) below 1.1 was associated with a four-fold increased risk of atypical neurodevelopment (OR = 4.54; 95% CI = 1.24–16.64 p =.023). There was no difference in identified genetic anomaly in both groups. However, there was a trend toward more extra cardiac anomalies in infants with atypical neurodevelopment (27.3%) compared to 9.7% in those with typical neurodevelopment (p =.061). Conclusion: Our study shows that early atypical neurodevelopment affects the majority of children with CHD and highlights the importance of post-natal monitoring by a specialized team. A thorough prenatal ultrasound is important to screen for those at higher risk i.e. those with extra cardiac anomaly and HC/AC below 1.1. A larger cohort is needed to validate those results.
Congenital malformations in neonates admitted to a neonatal intensive care unit in a low-resource setting; Introduction: Congenital malformations (CMs) are among the major causes of infant mortality in middle- and low-resource countries. This is the first study describing CMs in neonates admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) of a referral hospital in Mozambique. Methods: We included all neonates with CMs admitted to the NICU of Beira Central Hospital from January 2015 to December 2016. CMs were classified according to the International Classification of Disease (ICD-10). All data were retrieved from medical charts. Results: CMs were found in 143/4767 (3%) neonates admitted to the NICU. The most frequent CMs were musculoskeletal (31%), neurological (18%), multiple congenital anomalies (12%), chromosomopathies (11%), cardiovascular (10%), and gastrointestinal (8%). Forty-three patients (30%) underwent corrective surgery. Overall mortality rate was 50%. Conclusions: The prevalence of CMs was 3%, with a mortality rate of 50%. Alongside implementation of antenatal screening programs, improvement on expertise and postnatal care of CMs are warranted.
Evaluation of right side foetal myocardial performance index in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; The aim of our study is to investigate the myocardial performance index (MPI) of the right side of the foetal heart in pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare it with non-diabetic pregnancies. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted between August 2018 and March 2019 at Kanuni Sultan Suleyman Research and Training Hospital. Women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus at 24–34 weeks of gestation were included in the study and non-diabetic pregnant women were included as the control group. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart were evaluated and compared between the groups. A total of 65 pregestational or gestational diabetic patients and 65 non-diabetic patients were included in the study. Isovolumetric contraction time and isovolumetric relaxation time values were significantly longer in the diabetic group (p <.001). Ejection time values were significantly shorter in the diabetic group (p <.001). MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group than the non-diabetic group (p <.001). In conclusion, MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus causes foetal cardiomyopathy and foetal diastolic dysfunction. Myocardial performance index (MPI) is a non-invasive, Doppler-derived myocardial performance assessment that is independent of both heart rate and ventricular anatomy. What do the results of this study add? MPI of the right side of the foetal heart was significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. There was no difference in right ventricular MPI between pregestational and gestational groups in diabetic pregnancies, and between insulin using and not insulin using groups. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study results are promising. MPI of the right side of the foetal heart is significantly higher in pregestational and gestational diabetes than in the non-diabetic group. Prospective cohort studies evaluating serial MPI and evaluating by postpartum foetal echocardiography are needed to evaluate possible adverse effects of diabetes on foetal cardiac functions.
Placenta accreta spectrum disorders–detection rate and maternal outcomes following implementation of an institutional protocol; Placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) disorders have been on the rise in recent years with increasing caesarean rates. The purpose of this prospective observational study was to describe our detection rates and to review outcomes in PAS after the introduction of an institutional screening and management protocol. Twenty-one patients with suspected PAS over 5 years were identified. 20/21 patients had an accurate determination of placental invasion and positive correlation with surgical and histopathological examination. Early morbidity (massive haemorrhage) was found in 7/21 patients, whilst late morbidity (hospital readmission) was found in 5/21 patients. There were no maternal deaths and admissions to intensive therapy unit (ITU). In summary, our centre demonstrated a high antenatal detection rate for PAS using an evidence-based protocol. This has led to timely intervention by an experienced multidisciplinary team and excellent outcomes. Immediate and delayed postoperative counselling was effective for optimal patient understanding and experience.Impact StatementWhat is already known on this subject? With rising caesarean section rates, the incidence of placenta accreta spectrum (PAS) disorders is increasing. Despite this, most obstetricians have personally managed only a small number of patients with PAS. Moreover, there appears to be some debate over the optimal diagnostic and management strategy. What do the results of this study add? As the incidence increases, development of institutional screening and management protocol is a necessity for large units. Timely diagnosis, extensive pre and postoperative counselling and multidisciplinary teamwork ensure reduced early and late morbidity. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Evidence based screening protocols for PAS disorders reduce the likelihood of undiagnosed cases and should be developed in every unit. Consideration must also be given to standardisation of the diagnostic and management protocols, including contingency plan for emergencies.
The effect of kangaroo mother care on aEEG activity and neurobehavior in preterm infants: a randomized controlled trial; Objective: To evaluate the effect of kangaroo mother care (KMC) versus traditional care (TC) on aEEG activity and neurobehavior in preterm infants. Methods: A prospective randomized control single-blinded trial conducted in a tertiary level neonatal intensive care unit between October 2019 and October 2020. Preterm infants with gestational age of 31–33 weeks were randomly divided into either a KMC group or a TC group. Outcomes were compared between the groups including aEEG scores, the percentage of mature sleep–wake cycling (SWC) and background activity continuity, narrowband upper and lower bound amplitude, narrowband bandwidth, and neonatal behavioral neurological assessment (NBNA) scores on day 1, day 7, and day 14 after randomization. Results: A total of 65 infants (32 in KMC group and 33 in TC group) completed protocol. No significant differences were observed in outcomes on day 1. aEEG scores (p =.027 and p =.007, respectively) and the percentage of mature SWC (p =.034 and p =.039, respectively) were significantly higher in KMC group on day 7 and day 14. Compared to the TC group, KMC group had a narrower bandwidth on day 7 (p =.003) and day 14 (p =.016) and higher lower bound amplitude on day 14 (p =.002). Upper bound amplitude and the percentage of continuity were comparable between the groups on day 7 and day 14. The NBNA scores in the KMC group were significantly higher than that of the TC group on day 7 (p <.001) and day 14 (p <.001). Conclusions: Preterm infants submitted to the KMC, compared to those non-submitted, have more mature aEEG activity and better neurobehavior performance on day 7 and day 14 after random. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry: ChiCTR1900026363.
Normal delivery: physiologic support and medical interventions. Guidelines of the French National Authority for Health (HAS) with the collaboration of the French College of Gynecologists and Obstetricians (CNGOF) and the French College of Midwives (CNSF); Objective: To define for women at low obstetric risk methods of management that respect the rhythm and the spontaneous course of giving birth as well as each woman's preferences. Methods: These clinical practice guidelines were developed through professional consensus based on an analysis of the literature and of the French and international guidelines available on this topic. Results: Labor should be monitored with a partograph (professional consensus). Digital cervical examination should be offered every 4 h during the first stage of labor, hourly during the second. The choice between continuous (cardiotocography) or discontinuous (by cardiotocography or intermittent auscultation) monitoring should be left to the woman (professional consensus). In the active phase of the first stage of labor, dilation speed is considered abnormal if it is less than 1 cm/4 h between 5 and 7 cm or less than 1 cm/2 h after 7 cm. In those cases, an amniotomy is recommended if the membranes are intact, and the administration of oxytocin if the membranes are already broken and uterine contractions are judged insufficient (professional consensus). It is recommended that pushing not begin when full dilation has been reached; rather, the fetus should be allowed to descend (grade A). Umbilical cord clamping should be delayed beyond the first 30 s in newborns who do not require resuscitation (grade C). Conclusion: The establishment of these clinical practice guidelines should enable women at low obstetric risk to receive better care in conditions of optimal safety while supporting physiologic birth.
Comparison of intracervical Foley catheter combined with a single dose of vaginal misoprostol tablet or intracervical dinoprostone gel for cervical ripening: a randomised study; We compared two combined methods for cervical ripening before induction of labour (IOL) Women (n = 150) were randomised into Foley’s-misoprostol (n = 75) and Foley’s-dinoprostone (n = 75) groups. A single dose of vaginal misoprostol tablet (25 µg) or intracervical dinoprostone gel (0.5 mg) were used alongwith intracervical Foley’s. The primary outcome was induction-delivery interval (IDI) and secondary outcomes were change in Bishop’s score, oxytocin requirement, caesarean section (CS) rate, chorioamnionitis and neonatal outcome. The mean parity, gestation and indications for IOL were similar in the two groups. The IDI (19 h 37 min and 19 h 20 min; p =.683), cervical ripening time, oxytocin requirement, CS rate (18.7 and 25.4%, p =.322) and neonatal outcome were similar. Hyperstimulation developed in 2.7% women with Foley’s-misoprostol and in 1.3% with Foley’s-dinoprostone (p =.55). No woman had chorioamnionitis. Thus, these two combined methods of cervical ripening and IOL were observed to be similarly efficacious. A low incidence of hyperstimulation and no chorioamnionitis may be attributed to using a single dose of prostaglandins. Misoprostol may be substituted for dinoprostone in resource limited countries.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Combined methods for cervical ripening (intracervical Foley’s plus prostaglandins) before induction of labour (IOL) may be similarly or more efficacious than individual methods. Most studies comparing various combined methods have used repeated doses of prostaglandins. A combined method using repetitive doses of prostaglandins may increase the risk of hyperstimulation and also of infection consequent to repeated vaginal examination to administer prostaglandins. These two concerns may be offset by combining a single dose of prostaglandin with intracervical Foley’s catheter. What do the results of this study add? Two combined methods for cervical ripening using a single dose of vaginal misoprostol (25 µg) or intracervical dinoprostone gel (0.5 mg) co-administered with intracervical Foley’s catheter were found to be similarly efficacious. The IDI (19 h 37 min and 19 h 20 min; p =.683), cervical ripening time, oxytocin requirement, CS rate (18.7 and 25.4%, p =.322) and neonatal outcome were similar. The incidence of hyperstimulation was low (2.7 and 1.3% with Foley’s-misoprostol and Foley’s-dinoprostone, respectively) and no woman had chorioamnionitis. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Combined methods for cervical ripening using a single dose of prostaglandins (misoprostol or dinoprostone) were observed to be similarly efficacious. Misoprostol is a cheaper alternative to dinoprostone and may be utilised in resource limited countries. These methods may be compared with each other in more number of women in order to identify which combined method is more efficient and safe. Clinical Trials Registry of India: CTRI/2017/12/010738.
Inflammation Markers in Infants of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes; Aim Pentraxin-3, high sensitive CRP (HsCRP) and adropin were investigated in cord blood of infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (IDM) to evaluate the exposure of fetus to inflammation and whether there is any correlation with clinical findings. Methods Forty IDM and forty three infants whose mother did not have diabetes were included in this prospective study. Adropin, pentraxin-3 and HsCRP levels were measured in the cord blood samples. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Results Adropin and pentraxine-3 levels were significantly lower and HsCRP levels were significantly higher in IDM group. Echocardiographic measurements of myocardial hypertrophy were negatively correlated with adropin. Conclusion Alterations in these markers in IDM supports the hypothesis of in utero fetal exposure to inflammation caused by gestational diabetes mellitus. Potentially, cord blood adropin might be used as a predictor for complications of diabetes.
Comparison of echocardiographic findings in women with late preeclampsia and healthy pregnant women: a case–control study; Background: Preeclampsia is one of the most common types of pregnancy disorders, and it is essential to know its cardiovascular complications. Therefore, we aimed to compare echocardiographic findings in women with late preeclampsia and healthy pregnant women. Method: In this case-control study, 80 women with late preeclampsia and 80 healthy pregnant women were randomly selected and echocardiographic findings were determined and compared in the two groups. Results: Evaluating the relationship between late preeclampsia and echocardiographic variables in pregnant women showed a significant relationship between diastolic disorder (15% in the case group vs. 5% in the control group) (p =.035), systolic artery pressure (p =.002), and TR gradient (p =.003) with late preeclampsia; However, this relationship was not observed with other echocardiographic variables (p >.05). Conclusion: Since the role of transthoracic echocardiography in the management of women with preeclampsia has been emphasized by international groups, the results of this study suggest that increased TR Gradient and diastolic dysfunction are the most important echocardiography findings in patients with late preeclampsia.
Maternal Epilepsy and Umbilical Cord Blood Oxidative Stress Level; Introduction: We investigated the effect of epilepsy on cord blood oxidative stress status. Material and Methods: Thirty (n = 30) pregnant women with epilepsy and thirty (n = 30) healthy controls enrolled in this case control study. Albumin and IMA values and dynamic thiol/disulfide parameters were measured. Results: Decreased native thiol and total thiol levels were found in the epilepsy group when compared to the control group (p: 0.001, p: 0.002). Higher IMA (p: 0.036) and lower albumin cord levels (P < 0.001) were measured in the epilepsy group with respect to the control group. Apgar scores at 1 and 5 miutes were lower in the epilepsy group (respectively; p = 0.012, p = 0.010). A negative correlation was found between IMA and cord pH value (r = 0.288 p = 0.034). Conclusion: This study showed that epilepsy may alter thiol disulfide homeostasis and IMA levels.
“Maternal diabetes mellitus and its impact on the risk of delivering a child with congenital heart disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis”; Aim: Maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM), type 1 or type 2, has been established as a potential risk factor for congenital heart disease (CHD). At the same time, the correlation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and increased risk of CHD has not been yet fully elucidated. The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO number: CRD42020182390) was to analyze the existing evidence on PGDM and to attempt to fill, to the best of our ability, the remaining knowledge gap in the association of GDM with CHD. Materials and methods: Two authors have independently searched the Pubmed/Medline, Scopus, Cochrane, Web of Science, and Theses Global databases with keywords and Boolean operators. The search yielded 9333 relevant articles, which were later screened for eligibility. Original peer-reviewed (case-control or cohort) studies were included if they were published in English between 1997 and 2020. Thirteen studies on mothers with PGDM and seven studies on mothers with GDM were finally included in our meta-analysis to investigate the association of maternal diabetes with the risk of delivering a child with CHD. The selected studies were all assessed for their methodological quality using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. Associations with p <.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: Our meta-analysis (I 2 > 75%, total population: n = 12,461,586) of 79,476 women with PGDM and 160,893 with GDM produced an odds ratio of 3.48 (2.36–4.61) and 1.55 (1.48–1.61), respectively. Additionally, we did not find any noticeable difference in the risk for CHD among diabetic women living in the USA and Europe. Nevertheless, it still needs to be clarified, whether or not the gestational diabetic population includes undiagnosed women with preexisting diabetes, which might account for the increased risk of delivering a child with CHD in women classified as suffering from GDM. Conclusion: While both GDM and PGDM seem to significantly increase the risk of CHD in comparison with the general population, PDGM appears to have a greater association with CHD, being correlated with a 3.5-fold increase in the risk of malformation. Preconceptional and gestational diabetes care are, therefore, essential to mitigate the adverse effect of hyperglycemia on fetal heart formation during pregnancy.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke and periventricular venous infarction in infants with unilateral cerebral palsy; Aim: To explore clinical factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (AIS) and periventricular venous infarction (PVI) in infants who develop unilateral cerebral palsy (CP). Method: This was a case–control study. Data current to 2019 was extracted from the Canadian Cerebral Palsy Registry (CCPR). Cases were infants born at term with confirmed unilateral CP. Magnetic resonance images were stratified by expert review of reports as definitive perinatal stroke (AIS or PVI). Controls with common data elements were recruited from a population-based study in Alberta. Multivariable regression analyses were performed to estimate associations expressed as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Results: Of 2093 cases from the CCPR, 662 had unilateral CP, of whom 299 (45%) had perinatal stroke: AIS 169 (57%) and PVI 130 (43%). Median age at diagnosis for AIS was 11.9 months (interquartile range: 6.2–25.7mo; range 0.17–104.1mo), and 58.6% were male. Median age at diagnosis for PVI was 25.3 months (interquartile range: 14.5–38mo, range 0.7–114.7mo) and 57.7% were male. Independent associations for both AIS and PVI on multivariable analysis were chorioamnionitis, illicit drug exposure, diabetes, gestational age, and maternal age. Variables associated with AIS alone were low Apgar score and prolonged rupture of membranes. Variables associated with PVI alone were small for gestational age and primigravida. Interpretation: Controlled analysis of disease-specific unilateral CP may offer unique perspectives on its pathophysiology. Acute intrapartum factors are mainly associated with AIS, while in utero factors are associated with PVI.
Neurodevelopment and Genetic Evaluation of Sotos Syndrome Cases with a Novel Mutation: a Single-Center Experience; Sotos syndrome is a non-progressive neurological disease with overgrowing, increased bone age, and developmental retardation. The aim of this study is to evaluate the prenatal, natal, and postnatal clinical findings of patients with Sotos syndrome. Sixteen patients suspected to have Sotos syndrome with clinical findings were examined retrospectively, ranging in ages between 3 and 23. In our file screening, we screened the FISH results of all 16 patients, but not all patients had NSD1 gene analysis results. We collected NSD1 gene analysis results, if there were any. The parameters that we investigated for these patients are birth weight, birth length, Apgar score at the 5th minute, dysmorphological face appearance, bone age, seizure, learning disability, feeding difficulties, surgical operation, and other accompanying abnormalities (brain MRI, abnormal echocardiographic findings, chronic otitis media, etc.). The anamnesis, clinical examination findings, and genetic reports of the patients were examined. For this, the hospital registration system was used. Breech presentation, Apgar score in the 5th minute of between 4 and 7, atrial septal defect at echocardiography, and consanguineous marriage rate were detected to be increased in individuals with Sotos syndrome compared to the normal population. When compared to the general population, delayed psychomotor development was determined. Macrocephaly, increased bone age, chronic otitis media frequency, and hernia operation frequency were determined to see if all patients were consistent with the literature. As a result of NSD1 gene sequencing analyses (NSD1 gene analysis was performed in 6 patients and a mutation was detected in 3 of them), three were found to have NSD1 gene mutation (one of them was novel). A novel deletion-type mutation that was not previously reported in the literature in the 19th exon of the NSD1 gene was determined. Xiphoidal protrusion was detected on this patient that had the novel mutation, and this situation has not been reported in the literature previously. If a patient has rapid growth, difficulty in learning, macrocephaly, speech delay, and timid personality, Sotos syndrome can be considered at the pre-diagnosis stage.
The effect of Cushing's syndrome on pregnancy complication rates: analysis of more than 9 million deliveries; Purpose: The purpose of this study to evaluate the risk of Cushing’s syndrome (CS) and maternal and fetal complications using the American Nationwide Inpatient Sample database. Materials and methods: This is a retrospective study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2004 to 2014. We compared pregnancies with CS versus non-CS regarding pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes using multivariate logistic regression. Results: We identified 9,096,788 pregnancies during the study period. Cushing’s syndrome complicated 135 pregnancies at a rate of 1–2 cases per 100,000 births. Cushing’s syndrome subjects were more likely to be older, obese, have private insurance, chronic hypertension, and pre-gestational diabetes (p<.001). The maternal mortality rate was 0.7 and 0.007% in Cushing’s syndrome and control groups, respectively, although due to small numbers of cases, this should be interpreted with caution. Preeclampsia was higher in CS compared to controls after controlling for confounding variables, aOR 2.20. Operative vaginal delivery and blood transfusion rates were higher in CS patients than controls after controlling for confounding factors, aOR 6.49 and 3.09, respectively. The rates of preterm delivery (8.9 versus 7.2%) and gestational diabetes (8.1 versus 5.8%) were not statistically different between CS and control groups. Conclusion: Cushing’s syndrome patients begin pregnancies often with maladies making them more at risk for complications including, preeclampsia, blood transfusion, and operative vaginal delivery. These patients might benefit from prevention methods for preeclampsia, and increased surveillance to decrease maternal morbidity and mortality. However, the nature of the database and its limitations, including the lack of information about CS activity and treatments received by patients, warrant careful interpretation of these results.
Fetal cardiac geometry and function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes mellitus using Fetal HQ; Objective: To determine whether abnormal cardiac shape and ventricular global, transverse, and longitudinal contractility are present in fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM. Methods: A prospective observational study was performed on 80 fetuses of women with well-controlled GDM and 90 control fetuses. Using Fetal HQ, a new speckle-tracking technique, cardiac shape, global contractility, transverse contractility, and longitudinal contractility were calculated. The number and percentage of fetuses with z score values below 5th or above 95th were computed. Results: Compared with controls, there were no significant differences in the frequency of cardiac geometric abnormalities in GDM fetuses. Despite good glycemic control, 60.0% of fetuses in the well-controlled GDM group had one or more types of global, longitudinal, and transverse contractility abnormalities of one or both ventricles, but more frequent on the right ventricle (RV, 50%). The most frequent abnormality of the RV occurred in the transverse contractility (35%), followed by abnormalities of global contractility (25%), and longitudinal contractility (21.3%), compared with controls. The left ventricle (LV) analysis demonstrated that the percentage of study fetuses with only transverse contractility abnormality (18.8%) was significantly higher. Conclusions: Despite good glycemic control, abnormal ventricular contractility was present in fetuses of women with GDM, but more frequent in the RV. For both the RV and LV, transverse ventricular contractility abnormality were more prevalent than abnormal global and longitudinal contractility. Fetuses of women with GDM should be evaluated for ventricular contractility abnormality and have more follow-ups despite good glycemic control.
Explaining the obesity paradox in healthcare utilization among people with type 2 diabetes; Background: Several studies of diabetes suggest an obesity paradox: persons without diabetes have an increased risk of death due to obesity, whereas obesity decreases the risk of death for people with diabetes. A recent study finds the same obesity paradox with the number of healthcare visits. Whether empirical biases and confounding lead to this paradox is yet to be determined. Objective: To examine changes in the relationship between BMI and number of visits in diabetic vs nondiabetic populations, controlling for confounding risk factors. Methods: Using adults in the nationally representative Medical Expenditure Panel Survey (MEPS) from 2008 to 2016, N = 210,317, we examine the proposed relationship using six measures of healthcare visits with zero-inflated negative binomial regressions controlling for age, gender, race/ethnicity, income, education, region, health insurance, chronic conditions, and smoking. We excluded persons with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Results: We find an obesity paradox among people with diabetes for three measures. That is, relative to people without diabetes, normal weight people with diabetes have more emergency room visits, inpatient, and office-based physician visits than do the obese with diabetes. However, we do not find an obesity paradox in any of the six measures once we exclude smokers and persons ever diagnosed with cancer or cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: The obesity paradox does not exist at the utilization level and is due to the presence of statistical biases such as confounding and reverse causation. Physicians should continue to focus on efforts to prevent obesity in patients with diabetes.
Biochemical profiling study in umbilical cord blood in mothers with metabolic disorders; Background: During pregnancy metabolic disorders that affect differently the fetus, are known. These could be early or late disorders Objectives: To analyze different biochemical parameters in umbilical cord blood (UCB) of healthy and pathological newborns from mothers with metabolic disorders. Materials and methods: Samples from UCB (121) were analyzed of newborn from mothers with metabolic disorders who attended at Obstetrics Division. Patients were consecutive, prospective and transversally studied. Newborn were classified as healthy (n = 65) and pathological (n = 56). The maternal metabolic disorders were gestational or non-gestational diabetes, glucose intolerance, insulin resistance and/or obesity).The disorders of the pathological newborns were intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and/or fetal distress. Glucose (Glu), urea, creatinine, uric acid (UA), total bilirubin (TB), total proteins (TP), albumin (Alb), transaminases (ALT/AST), alkaline-phosphatase (ALP), gammaglutamyltranspeptidase (GGT), creatinkinasa (CK), lactatedehydrogenase, amylase (amy), pseudocholinesterase, iron, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium (Mg), sodium, potassium, chlorine, cholesterol (Chol), HDL-Chol, LDL-Chol, triglycerides (TG), high sensitivity C reactive protein (hsCRP) were determined by recommended methods. T-Student’s and Mann Withney tests were applied, p <.05. Results: Pathological neonates (n: 56) showed a significant decrease in maternal gestation weeks (GW) and in newborn weight (NW) with respect to healthy newborns (n: 65) from mothers with metabolic disorders (p <.0001). Pathological neonates from mothers with metabolic pathologies (n: 56) showed significant increases in Chol, TG, TB (p <.01), LDL-Chol, UA, Mg, hsCRP, ALP levels (p <.05) and significant decreases in TP, Alb (p <.0001) and Glu, ALT, CK, GGT, amy (p <.05) in UCB with respect to healthy newborns Conclusions: In pathological newborn, the decrease in GW and NW would be related to IUGR that accompany these metabolic disorders. The increases observed of the analyzed parameters would be related to cellular destruction associated to maternal pathology and decreases of the parameters to IUGR with hepatic immaturity.
First trimester metabolomics 1H-NMR study of the urinary profile predicts gestational diabetes mellitus development in obese women; Objective: Obesity is one of the main risk factors for the development gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thus, we aim to identify changes in the urinary metabolomics profile of obese women at first trimester of pregnancy in order to predict later GDM diagnosis. Research design and methods: In this nested case-control study, urine samples collected in the first trimester of pregnancy obtained from obese women who developed GDM (n = 29) and obese women who did not develop diabetes (n = 25 NO GDM) were analyzed with Nuclear Magnetic Resonance spectroscopy combined with Multivariate Statistical Analysis. GDM diagnosis was obtained with one-step oral glucose load. Results: OPLS-DA significantly separated the GDM women from NO GDM women. Specifically, GDM women were characterized by a higher level of tryptophan, trigonelline, hippurate, and threonine, and lower levels of 1-methylnicotinamide, 3-hydroxykynurenine, glycocholate, isoleucine, kynurenine, and valine compared to NO GDM women. Conclusion: In a prevalently Caucasian population, the changes of some metabolites such as tryptophan, trigonelline, and branch-chained amino acids in the urinary profile of obese women in the first trimester are able to make unequivocal prediction of those which later test positive for GDM. This approach could be useful to diagnose much earlier obese women with GDM allowing lifestyle counselling and other interventions.
Association of SARS-CoV-2 placental histopathology findings with maternal–fetal comorbidities and severity of COVID-19 hypoxia; Objective: SARS-CoV-2 is known to impact multiple organ systems, with growing data to suggest the potential for placental infection and resultant pathology. Understanding how maternal COVID-19 disease can affect placental histopathology has been limited by small study cohorts with mild disease, review by multiple pathologists, and potential confounding by maternal–fetal comorbidities that can also influence placental findings. This study aims to identify pathologic placental findings associated with COVID-19 disease and severity, as well as to distinguish them from changes related to coexisting maternal–fetal comorbidities. Methods: This is an observational study of 61 pregnant women with confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection who delivered and had a placental histological evaluation at NYU Langone Health between March 19, 2020 and June 30, 2020. Primary outcomes were the prevalence of placental histopathologic features and their association with maternal–fetal comorbidities and severity of COVID-19 related hypoxia. Analysis was performed using Fisher’s exact test and t-test with p < 0.05 considered significant. Results: Sixty-one placentas were included in the study cohort, 71% from pregnancies complicated by at least one maternal–fetal comorbidity. Twenty-five percent of placentas were small for gestational age and 77% exhibited at least one feature of maternal vascular malperfusion. None of the histopathologic features in the examined placentas were associated with the presence of any specific maternal–fetal comorbidity. Thirteen percent of the cohort required maternal respiratory support for COVID-19 related hypoxia. Villous trophoblast necrosis was associated with maternal supplemental oxygen requirement (67 vs. 33%, p = 0.04) and intubation (67 vs. 33%, p = 0.01). Conclusion: In pregnancies complicated by COVID-19 disease, there was a high prevalence of placental histopathologic changes identified, particularly features of maternal vascular malperfusion, which could not be attributed solely to the presence of maternal–fetal comorbidities. The significantly increased prevalence of villous trophoblast necrosis in women needing respiratory support suggests a connection to the severity of COVID-19 illness.
Macrosomia and fetal growth restriction: evidence for similar extrauterine metabolic risks but with differences in pathophysiology; Purpose: To investigate and compare the causes of macrosomia and FGR fetuses, their ultrasound characteristics and the importance of their similar metabolic profile in intrauterine and extrauterine life. Materials and methods: We searched Pubmed/Google Scholar database up until 15 December 2020 using keywords. Out of the 70 matching results we selected 50 most representative and matching papers. Results: We found similar causes and metabolic profiles and in both conditions offspring are at increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the extrauterine life. Conclusion: Despite similarities of the maternal factors and fetal metabolic profile it is still unknown which of them has worse metabolic status during intrauterine and extrauterine life.
Physiological and metabolic adaptations in pregnancy: importance of trimester-specific reference intervals to investigate maternal health and complications; Diagnosis, prognostication, and monitoring of maternal health throughout pregnancy relies on laboratory testing, including but not limited to key markers of thyroid, hepatic, cardiac, hematology, and renal function. Dynamic physiological processes during gestation significantly influence the maternal biochemistry that supports both the mother and fetus. Resultant changes in blood biochemistry alter the expected values of common laboratory tests. However, the importance of pregnancy-specific reference intervals for laboratory test result interpretation and appropriate monitoring of maternal health and complications is underappreciated. Most clinical laboratories continue to use non-pregnant adult reference intervals for laboratory test interpretation in pregnancy. The current review summarizes and critically evaluates the available literature regarding physiological and metabolic adaptations in pregnancy and their influence on common biomarkers of health and disease. The main laboratory parameters discussed include thyroid, hepatic, metabolic, renal, hematology, inflammatory, and cardiac markers. Considering the available data, further studies are urgently needed to establish trimester-specific reference intervals in healthy pregnant women on updated analytical platforms. Without such data, the standard of clinical laboratory service in pregnancy remains compromised and affects the quality of maternal-fetal healthcare.
The broad pathogenetic role of TCF7L2 in human diseases beyond type 2 diabetes; The TCF7L2 protein is a key transcriptional effector of the Wnt/β-catenin signaling pathway, regulating gene expression. It was initially identified in cancer research and embryologic developmental studies. Later, the TCF7L2 gene was linked to type 2 diabetes (T2D), implicating TCF7L2 and Wnt-signaling in metabolic disorders and homeostasis. In fact, TCF7L2-T2D variants confer the greatest relative risk for T2D, unquestionably predicting conversion to T2D in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance. We aim to describe the relevance of TCF7L2 in other human disorders. The TCF7L2-single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and T2D-risk association have been replicated in numerous follow-up studies, and research has now been performed in several other diseases. In this article, we discuss common TCF7L2-T2D variants within the framework of their association with human diseases. The TCF7L2 functional regions need to be further investigated because the molecular and cellular mechanisms through which TCF7L2 contributes to risk associations with different diseases are still not fully elucidated. In this review, we show the association of common TCF7L2-T2D variants with many types of diseases. However, the role of rare genetic variations in the TCF7L2 gene in distinct diseases and ethnic groups has not been explored, and understanding their impact on specific phenotypes will be of clinical relevance. This offers an excellent opportunity to gain a clearer picture of the role that the TCF7L2 gene plays in the pathophysiology of human diseases. The potential pleiotropic role of TCF7L2 may underlie a possible pathway for comorbidity in human disorders.
Association between peripartum hysterectomy and venous thromboembolism; Background: The risk of venous thromboembolism after delivery is modified by mode of delivery, with the risk of venous thromboembolism being higher after cesarean delivery than vaginal delivery. The risk of venous thromboembolism after peripartum hysterectomy is largely unknown. Objective: This study aimed to compare the incidence and risk of venous thromboembolism among women who had and did not have a peripartum hysterectomy. Furthermore, we sought to compare the risk of venous thromboembolism after hysterectomy with other patient, pregnancy, and delivery risk factors known to be associated with venous thromboembolism. Study Design: This was a cross-sectional study of women with delivery encounters identified in the Nationwide Readmissions Database from October 2015 to December 2017. Delivery encounters and all variables of interest were identified using the International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision diagnosis and procedure codes. The incidence of venous thromboembolism during delivery and rehospitalizations within 6 weeks after discharge was compared among women who had and did not have a peripartum hysterectomy. Multivariable logistic regressions were used to estimate associations between venous thromboembolism and hysterectomy, adjusted for the following characteristics: maternal age, payer at time of delivery, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, tobacco use, multifetal gestation, peripartum infection, and peripartum hemorrhage. Similarly, venous thromboembolism risk was compared by mode of delivery, including hysterectomy. Diagnoses that may have been indications for peripartum hysterectomy were identified among patients who underwent a hysterectomy and compared between those who did and did not have venous thromboembolism. Analyses used survey weights to obtain population estimates. Results: Of the 4,419,037 women with deliveries, 5098 (11.5 per 10,000 deliveries) underwent a hysterectomy. Moreover, 110 patients (215.8 per 10,000 deliveries) were diagnosed with venous thromboembolism after hysterectomy. The risk of venous thromboembolism was significantly higher in women who underwent a hysterectomy than in women who did not have a hysterectomy (unadjusted odds ratio, 25.1 [95% confidence interval, 20.0–31.5]; adjusted odds ratio, 11.2 [95% confidence interval, 8.7–14.5]; P<.001). Comparing the risk of venous thromboembolism by mode of delivery, the unadjusted and adjusted incidences of venous thromboembolism were 6.9 (95% confidence interval, 6.5–7.3) and 7.4 (95% confidence interval, 6.9–7.8) per 10,000 deliveries among women after vaginal delivery without peripartum hysterectomy, 12.5 (95% confidence interval, 11.8–13.1) and 11.3 (95% confidence interval, 10.7–12.0) per 10,000 deliveries after cesarean delivery without hysterectomy; and 217.2 (95% confidence interval, 169.1–265.2) and 96.9 (95% confidence interval 76.9-126.5) per 10,000 deliveries after hysterectomy, regardless of mode of delivery. Of the 110 diagnoses of venous thromboembolism with peripartum hysterectomy, 89 (81%) occurred during delivery admission. Of the remaining 21 cases, 50% occurred within the first 10 days after discharge from delivery, and 75% occurred within 25 days after discharge. Conclusion: These findings have demonstrated that peripartum hysterectomy is associated with a markedly increased risk of venous thromboembolism in the postpartum period, even when controlling for other known risk factors for postpartum thromboembolic events. Here, the incidence of venous thromboembolism after peripartum hysterectomy (2.2%) met some guideline-based risk thresholds for routine thromboprophylaxis, potentially for at least 2 weeks after delivery. Further investigation into the role of routine venous thromboembolism prophylaxis during and after delivery is needed.
Pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders in patients with intracranial aneurysms: A case–control study; Background and purpose: The aim of this study was to define the prevalence of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension (HT), chronic HT, and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in a defined population of patients with saccular intracranial aneurysms (sIAs). Methods: We included all patients with sIA, first admitted to the Neurosurgery Department of Kuopio University Hospital from its defined catchment population between 1990 and 2015, who had given birth for the first time in 1990 or later. The patients’ medical records were reviewed, and clinical data were linked with prescription drug usage, hospital diagnoses and causes of death, obtained from nationwide registries. The prevalences of pre-eclampsia, other hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes in patients were compared with a matched control population (n = 324). In addition, the characteristics of sIA disease in patients with pre-eclampsia were compared to those of sIA patients without pre-eclampsia. Results: A total of 169 patients with sIA fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Of these, 22 (13%) had pre-eclampsia and 32 (19%) had other hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. In 324 matched controls who had given birth, the prevalence of pre-eclampsia was 5% (n = 15) and other hypertensive disorders were diagnosed in 10% (n = 34). There was no significant difference in prevalence of gestational diabetes (12% vs. 11%). Patients with sIA with pre-eclampsia more frequently had irregularly shaped aneurysms (p = 0·003). Conclusions: Pre-eclampsia was significantly more frequent in patients with sIA than in their population controls. Irregularly shaped aneurysms were more frequent in sIA patients with pre-eclampsia. Further studies are required to determine whether history of pre-eclampsia may indicate an elevated risk for sIA formation or rupture.
The RRAS2 pathogenic variant p.Q72L produces severe Noonan syndrome with hydrocephalus: A case report; Noonan syndrome (NS) is the most common disease among RASopathies, characterized by short stature, distinctive facial features, congenital cardiac defects, and variable developmental delay. NS rarely presents with overt neurologic manifestations, in particular hydrocephalus. Recent evidence suggests that pathogenic variants in the gene RRAS2 are a rare cause of NS. Specifically, an RRAS2 pathogenic variant, p.Q72L, may be particularly severe, manifesting with lethal neurologic findings. Here, we report a NS patient with documented p.Q72L variant in RRAS2. The patient was identified in utero to have hydrocephalus and a Dandy Walker malformation. Postnatal examination revealed multiple dysmorphic features, some reminiscent of NS including low-set posteriorly rotated ears, redundant nuchal skin, widely spaced nipples, and cryptorchidism. Despite suspicion of NS, results of a 14-gene Noonan syndrome panel (Invitae) were negative. Follow-up rapid whole exome sequencing revealed a de novo p.Q72L variant in RRAS2, a poorly studied gene recently identified as a cause of NS. The patient herein reported brings to three the total number of cases reported with the RRAS2 p.Q72L pathogenic variant. All three documented patients presented with a particularly fulminant course of NS, which included hydrocephalus. RRAS2, specifically p.Q72L, should be considered in severe NS cases with neurologic manifestations.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy: dilemma in diagnosis and management; Objective: To determine the obstetrical outcomes of women delivered for the diagnosis of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Methods: Retrospective study of singleton pregnancies diagnosed with ICP between 1 May 2014 and 31 December 2017. Population was analyzed based on bile acids: normal (<10 µmol/L), mild (10 to 40 µmol/L), moderate-severe (>40 µmol/L), and not obtained. Receiver operating characteristic curves established critical values for aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) to predict elevated bile acids. Statistical analyses included χ2 for categorical variables and ANOVA for continuous variables. All tests used a 2-sided α level of significance of.05. Results: Bile acids were normal in 39 (45.9%) women, 30 (35.3%) had mild cholestasis, 10 (11.8%) had moderate-severe cholestasis and not obtained for six (7%) women. Gestational diabetes was more common in mild cholestasis (p =.03). There were no differences in demographics, clinical presentation, obstetric interventions and neonatal outcomes. Bile acids took 5–6 days to result. Rate of labor inductions was high in all groups. Postpartum complications occurred in four women in the normal group and in one woman in the mild cholestasis group. Five (12.8%) neonates in the normal group, six (20%) in the mild group, and one (10%) in the severe group were admitted to the NICU. There was no fetal asphyxia, no 5-minute Apgar score <7, and no perinatal deaths. An AST of 27.5 IU/L (p =.002) with sensitivity of 81% and specificity of 76%, and an ALT of 26.7 IU/L (p =.004) with sensitivity of 78% and specificity of 68% predicted elevated bile acids. Improving the sensitivity of AST and ALT to 95%, the ROC curve identified an AST of 62 IU/L with a specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 32, 58 and 86%, respectively; and an ALT of 106 IU/L with a specificity, positive and negative predictive values of 27, 57 and 83%, respectively. Conclusions: ICP should not be presumed in patients with pruritus. This practice may lead to early term delivery and associated complications.
Home management by remote self-monitoring in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies: A retrospective study of 400 consecutive women; Introduction: Home management in general is considered to improve patient well-being, patient involvement and cost-effectiveness, for obstetric patients as well. But concerns regarding inclusion of intermediate- and high-risk pregnant women are an issue and a limitation for clinical implementation. This retrospective study evaluated the outcome and safety of extended remote self-monitoring of maternal and fetal health in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies. Material and methods: The study reports on 400 singleton pregnancies complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM), fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, high-risk of preeclampsia, or a history of previous fetal or neonatal loss. Remote self-monitoring was performed by pregnant women and included C-reactive protein, non-stress test by cardiotocography, temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, and a questionnaire concerning maternal and fetal wellbeing. Data were transferred to the hospital using a mobile device platform and evaluated by healthcare professionals. In case of non-reassuring registrations, the pregnant women were invited for assessment at the hospital. Primary outcome was perinatal death. Secondary outcomes were other maternal and perinatal complications. Results: No severe maternal complications were observed. Nine fetal or neonatal deaths occurred, all secondary to malformations, severe fetal growth restriction, extreme prematurity or lung hypoplasia in cases of PPROM before 24 weeks. Even in the latter group, fetal and neonatal survival was 78% (18/23) and rose to 97% (60/62) when PPROM occurred after a gestational age 23+6 weeks. None of the fetal or neonatal deaths were attributable to the home-management setting. Conclusions: Home-monitoring including remote self-monitoring of fetal and maternal well-being in intermediate- and high-risk pregnancies seems to be a safe alternative to inpatient or frequent outpatient care, which sets the stage for a new way of thinking of hospital care. The implementation process included staff training workshops and development of patient enrollment practice with clarification of expectations and responsibilities, which can be crucial to the results.
Longitudinal blood pressure patterns of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: preconception through postpartum; Objective: To investigate the longitudinal blood pressure (BP) pattern of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) preconception through the postpartum day (PPD) 42. Study Design: A retrospective study of women (≥15 years old) diagnosed with an HDP antenatally or postpartum, who were enrolled prospectively in a postpartum remote BP monitoring program between 3/2017 and 5/2020. BPs were collected from 47-time points: preconception, each trimester, delivery day, and 42 days postpartum. Analysis was conducted utilizing a mixed-effects longitudinal model. Main outcome measures: Primary outcome was the longitudinal BP patterns. Secondary outcomes were the timing of BP stabilization (BPs < 140/90 mmHg for ≥48 h) and resolution (stabilized without antihypertensive medication use). Results: Our final analysis included 897 of the 964 eligible women. The peak systolic and diastolic BPs were on PPDs 3, 4, 5, and 5, 6, 7, respectively. Systolic BP fell below the preconception level after PPD15; diastolic BP reached its plateau after PPD17 and remained above the preconception level till PPD42 (p <.001). Postpartum BP peaked with the highest percentage of BP spikes on PPDs 4–7. The median survival times to BP stabilization and resolution were PPDs 11 (95% CI: 10–12) and 23 (95% CI: 21–25), respectively. By PPD42, 91.0% and 74.1% of women achieved BP stabilization and resolution, respectively. Conclusion: This study data could be used to develop evidence-based recommendations for women with an HDP. Diastolic BPs remaining significantly higher than the preconception level indicates the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. In our cohort, 26% of women had unresolved hypertension by PPD42, which reinforces the necessity to ensure long-term follow-up.
Effects of maternal magnesium sulfate treatment on newborns; Background: Antenatal magnesium sulfate (MgSO4) has been used with mothers, but the influence of MgSO4 on the fetus is unclear. The purpose of this study is to determine whether longer antenatal MgSO4 exposure correlates with adverse effects in newborns. Methods: The clinical data of 77 infants born to mothers treated with MgSO4 were collected. The infants were divided into two groups according to (1) the serum Mg concentration, (2) cumulative Mg dose, and (3) duration of antenatal maternal Mg treatment, respectively. Results: The serum Mg level of the infants correlated with that of the mothers but not with the duration of Mg treatment or the cumulative dose of Mg. There were no significant differences in the infants’ clinical variables according to either the duration of Mg treatment or the cumulative dose of Mg. By contrast, enteral feeding tolerance began at a significantly later age and the heart rate on admission was significantly lower in infants with a serum Mg level ≥4.0 mmol/L than in those with a serum Mg level <4.0 mmol/L. Conclusions: Modest effects on the clinical variables of infants with higher serum Mg levels were determined, whereas neither the duration of Mg treatment nor the cumulative Mg dose correlated with the clinical variables of the infants. Thus, in newborns with only moderately elevated serum Mg levels, serious adverse effects are unlikely.
Augmentation index and pulse wave velocity in normotensive versus preeclamptic pregnancies: a prospective case–control study using a new oscillometric method; Objectives: The objective of this study was to investigate whether oscillometric AS measurements are different in pregnant women with and without preeclampsia (PE). Study design: This was a prospective case–control study in singleton pregnancies that had been diagnosed with PE (n = 46) versus normotensive controls (n = 46) between 2014 and 2019. In the case group, pregnancies complicated by PE were classified as either early-onset (<34 weeks of gestation) or late-onset (≥34 weeks of gestation) PE and subgroup analysis was performed. Main outcome measures: Pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (Alx), and Alx at a heart rate of 75 beats per minute (Alx-75) were measured using a brachial cuff-based automatic oscillometric device (Mobil-O-Graph 24 h PWA). Results: In pregnancies complicated by PE, in comparison with normotensive pregnancies, there were significant differences in PWV (p .001), and Alx-75 (p .001). In pregnancies complicated by early-onset PE, in comparison with pregnancies complicated by late-onset PE, there were significant differences in PWV (p =.006), and Alx-75 (p =.009). There was no significant difference in Alx in either of the analyses. Conclusions: PWV and Alx-75 are higher in pregnancies complicated by PE, in comparison with normotensive pregnancies, as well as in early-onset PE, in comparison with late-onset PE.Key messages Pulse wave velocity is higher in pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia. Augmentation index at a heart rate of 75 beats per minute is higher in pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia. Arterial stiffness assessment is a promising risk-stratification tool for future cardiovascular complications but further studies are required.
Enhanced recovery after scheduled cesarean delivery: a prospective pre-post intervention study; Objective: To assess whether an early recovery after surgery (ERAS) pathway after scheduled cesarean delivery was associated with a reduction in postoperative length of stay compared with standard perioperative care. Methods: This was a prospective pre- and post-intervention study. Women were included if they were between 18 and 45 years of age and delivered a singleton, term, non-anomalous fetus via scheduled cesarean delivery by a provider within an academic practice. The ERAS pathway consisted of 23 evidence-based components regarding preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative care. The primary outcome was the rate of postoperative length of stay of 3 or more days. Secondary outcomes included total postoperative narcotic use, postoperative complications, 30-day hospital readmission rates, and quality of recovery questionnaire scores. Results: A total of 116 women were included. There were no significant differences in patient characteristics between the pre- and post-implementation groups in the post-implementation group, surgery time was longer (78.3 ± 27.8 vs 59.1 ± 19.2 min, p <.001) and blood loss volume was higher (910.3 ± 405.1 vs 729.1 ± 202.0, p =.003), compared to pre-implementation group. An ERAS pathway was not associated in a significant reduction in postoperative length of stay of 3 or more days (70.7% vs 75.9%, p =.529). It was also not significantly associated with a difference in postoperative narcotic use, maximum pain score, transfusion, postoperative complications or hospital readmission rates. Conclusion: An early recovery after surgery pathway after scheduled cesarean delivery was not associated with a reduction in postoperative length of stay or narcotic use, though the recovery scores were better after implementation.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes of births to women with psoriasis: a population-based cohort of 13 million births; Purpose: Psoriasis is a common auto-immune disease affecting the skin and joints for which the current literature remains limited and contradictory in the context of pregnancy. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the association between psoriasis in pregnancy and maternal and newborn outcomes. Methods: A population based retrospective cohort study was conducted using the 1999–2015 United States’ Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. ICD-9 codes were used to identify delivery admissions to women with or without psoriasis, as well as maternal and fetal outcomes. Adjusting for baseline characteristics, multivariate logistic regression models were performed to estimate the effects of psoriasis on maternal and newborn outcomes. Results: The cohort consisted of 3737 women with psoriasis, among a total of 13,792,544 pregnancy admissions in US hospitals between the years 1999 and 2015, for a period prevalence of 27.1 cases per 100,000 pregnant women. Psoriasis was associated with preeclampsia, OR 1.4 (95% CI 1.2–1.6), gestational diabetes, 1.27 (1.13–1.42), myocardial infarction, 13.4 (3.3–54.6), chorioamnionitis, 1.3 (1.0–1.6), delivery by cesarean section, 1.2 (1.1–1.3), anemia, 1.74 (1.18–2.57), and requiring blood transfusions, 1.4 (1.0–1.8). Their newborns were at higher risk of being born preterm, 1.2 (1.1–1.4), congenital anomalies, 1.7 (1.2–2.4), and intra-uterine growth restriction, 1.5 (1.2–1.7). Conclusion: Women with psoriasis and their newborns appear more prone to adverse outcomes of pregnancy. It would be prudent for these women to be followed closely during pregnancy by their obstetrical caregiver and dermatologist. Further investigation is warranted regarding the management of psoriasis during pregnancy.
Perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by acute pancreatitis; Objectives: Acute pancreatitis is a rare condition that can be associated with significant complications. The objective of this study is to evaluate the maternal and newborn outcomes associated with acute pancreatitis in pregnancy. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample from the United States was performed. All pregnant patients with acute pancreatitis were identified using International Classification of Disease-9 coding from 1999 to 2015. The effect of acute pancreatitis on maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy was evaluated using multivariate logistic regression, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. Results: From 1999 to 2015, there were a total of 13,815,919 women who gave birth. There were a total of 14,258 admissions of women diagnosed with acute pancreatitis, including 1,756 who delivered during their admission and 12,502 women who were admitted in the antepartum period and did not deliver during the same admission. Acute pancreatitis was associated with increased risk of prematurity, OR 3.78 (95% CI 3.38-4.22), preeclampsia, 3.81(3.33-4.36), postpartum hemorrhage, 1.90(1.55-2.33), maternal death, 9.15(6.05-13.85), and fetal demise, 2.60(1.86-3.62) among women diagnosed with acute pancreatitis. Among women with acute pancreatitis, delivery was associated with increased risk of requiring transfusions, 6.06(4.87-7.54), developing venous thromboembolisms, 2.77(1.83-4.18), acute respiratory failure, 3.66(2.73-4.91), and disseminated intravascular coagulation, 8.12(4.12-16.03). Conclusions: Acute pancreatitis in pregnancy is associated with severe complications, such as maternal and fetal death. Understanding the risk factors that may lead to these complications can help prevent or minimize them through close fetal and maternal monitoring.
NAFTNet retrospective report on the treatment of anti-Ro/SSA mediated fetal heart block with dexamethasone; Background: Complete atrioventricular block (CAVB) is a complication of maternal antibody positivity and treatment of fetal disease is controversial in terms of efficacy and safety. We hypothesized that dexamethasone treatment for fetal anti-Ro/SSA antibody-mediated cardiac disease leads to better pregnancy outcomes than expectant management. Methods: A retrospective multi-center cohort study of anti-Ro/SSA antibody positive pregnancies with fetal conduction disease reported by participating North American Fetal Therapy Network (NAFTNet) centers between January 2010 and December 2018. The primary outcomes included: fetal death, oligohydramnios, growth restriction, preterm delivery, and new maternal comorbidities. Secondary outcomes included: pacemaker prior to 28 days, transplantation, and neonatal death in maternal/fetal dyads treated with dexamethasone versus not. Results: In 127 anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies, 98 were treated with dexamethasone and 29 were not. Of those treated, 61/96 (63.5%) met the primary outcome including 45/91 (49.4%) premature deliveries; 20 mothers developed comorbidities during treatment (fetal death 5, 10 growth restriction, 14 oligohydramnios, two new/worsening gestational diabetes). In the untreated group, 15/25 (60%) met the primary outcome including 11/22 (50%) premature deliveries and four mothers developing comorbidities during their pregnancy (fetal death 3, one growth restriction, one new onset maternal hypertension). Regarding secondary outcomes, 37/96 (43%) treated fetuses required a pacemaker or died by 28 days, while untreated 13/25 (52%) required pacemaker placement, died prior to 28 days or required listing for transplantation. Excluding terminations, survival without transplant was 17 (68%) in untreated and 85 (89%) in treated patients (p<.01). Conclusions: While the use of dexamethasone in anti-Ro/SSA positive pregnancies is associated with a high rate of poor pregnancy outcomes, there was an unexpected similarly high rate in untreated positive pregnancies. This suggests that the maternal disease itself is influencing pregnancy complications independent of dexamethasone. Our data, which show that treatment decreases neonatal morbidity and overall mortality without increasing overall pregnancy complications, warrant further study.
Antenatal fetal surveillance of women with severe obesity; Objective: To estimate the impact of body mass index (BMI) categories on duration of the nonstress test (NST), and the need for additional tests of fetal wellbeing or interventions. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton pregnancies who had an NST for the indications of severe obesity (BMI ≥40 kg/m2), diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), hypertensive disorders (chronic, gestational, and preeclampsia), and others between 1 January 2015 until 31 December 2016. NST durations (<30 and ≥30 min) were compared between groups first based on BMI (kg/m2) categories (<30, 30–39, 40–49, and ≥50) and then based on BMI and comorbidities: (1) severe obesity alone, (2) severe obesity and comorbidities, and (3) comorbidities alone. We compared the results of the NSTs, any subsequent fetal testing or interventions, and pregnancy outcomes among groups. Demographic information was compared using t-tests for continuous data and χ 2 analyses or Fisher’s exact test, if the cells sizes were small, for categorical data. NST durations based on BMI groups, as well as BMI and comorbidities groups, were compared using linear mixed models and ANOVA. Results: Three hundred and fifty-one women underwent 1665 NSTs during the study period. After excluding women <18 and >50 years, gestational age <30 weeks, fetal anomalies, and NSTs lasting longer than 60 min, the study population included 313 women and 1471 NSTs. The mean NST duration in minutes of the BMI ≥50 (32.2 ± 9.6) category was significantly longer than the NST duration of the other BMI categories (BMI <30: 29.4 ± 8.3; BMI 30–39: 29.7 ± 8.9; BMI 40–49: 29.9 ± 8.3) (p=.05). Additionally, there was an increased percentage of NSTs lasting ≥30 min as the BMI category increased (p=.005). Women in the severe obesity and comorbidities group (n = 79) were less likely to have a reactive NST than women with severe obesity alone (n = 56) or comorbidities alone (n = 178) (92% vs. 97% vs. 98%, p<.0001). They were also more likely to need a biophysical profile (BPP) (8% vs. 3% vs. 2%, p<.0001). Of the 25 women that were sent to the labor and delivery unit for evaluation, 20 (80%) were admitted and delivered. The reasons for delivery were hypertension (n = 9, 45%), an abnormal NST (n = 5, 25%), oligohydramnios (n = 4, 20%), and labor (n = 2, 10%). Conclusions: We found an increase in NST duration as the BMI increased. Women with severe obesity and a comorbidity were more likely to have a nonreactive NST and require a subsequent BPP. Of the 20 patients delivered due to NST surveillance, the most common indication for delivery was hypertension.
Preconception health in the well woman; Key content: It is important to focus on preconception care in the well woman because prevention is better than treatment, and interventions commenced in pregnancy may have limited benefit. A lower socioeconomic status is associated with poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm birth (PTB), pre-eclampsia (PET), and small-for-gestational-age babies. Poor nutrition contributes to epigenetic dysregulation, which can alter gene expression and effect phenotypic change. A healthy diet during pregnancy, high in grains and vegetables, may help to reduce the risk of obesity, GDM, cardiovascular disease, hypertension, PET, and maternal anaemia; the benefits to the fetus include the prevention of low birthweight, macrosomia, PTB and stillbirth. The minimum amount of aerobic activity recommended during the preconception and pregnancy period is either 150 minutes of moderate intensity activity per week, or 30 minutes of activity per day, or 75 minutes of intense activity per week. Alcohol is a teratogen that can cause fetal growth restriction and facial malformations, learning and behavioural challenges and impairment to the central nervous system. Smoking in pregnancy can lead to impaired fetal growth and adverse effects on the immune system. Learning objectives: To understand the importance of the preconception period. To evaluate key nutritional requirements in the preconception period. To critically evaluate the benefits and disadvantages of vaccination in the preconception period.
Management of neonatal complications of macrosomia: A case report at a tertiary hospital in a developing country; Fetal macrosomia can present with numerous complications. We report a case of a term baby girl with a birthweight of 5.31 kg admitted with respiratory distress and suffered several complications of macrosomia. There is a need to closely monitor neonates for early diagnosis and management of complications of macrosomia.
The Diabetes-Cardiovascular Connection in Women: Understanding the Known Risks, Outcomes, and Implications for Care; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) complications constitute about 50–70% of mortality in people with diabetes. However, there remains a persistently greater relative increase in CVD morbidity and mortality in women with diabetes than in their male counterparts. This review presents recent evidence for the risks, outcomes, and management implications for women with diabetes. Recent Findings: Compared to men, women have higher BMI and more adverse cardiovascular risk profile at time of diabetes diagnosis with greater risk for coronary heart disease, stroke, vascular dementia, and heart failure. Pregnancy-specific risk factors of gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia are associated with future type 2 diabetes (T2D) and CVD. Women with T2D may experience greater benefits than men from GLP-1 receptor agonists. Summary: Women with diabetes are at greater relative risk for CVD complications than men, with poorer outcomes, superimposed on preexisting gender disparities in social determinants of health, lower likelihood of being offered cardioprotective interventions, and enrollment in trials. Further research and the utilization of SGLT-2 inhibitors, GLP-1 receptor agonists, and other CVD prevention strategies will help reduce morbidity and mortality.
Remdesivir use in pregnancy during the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic; Objective: To ascertain the composite maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnant individuals with moderate, severe, or critical coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) treated with remdesivir. Materials and methods: This is a secondary analysis of the COVID in Pregnancy Registry in Houston, Texas. Women were included if they met the criteria of moderate, severe or critical COVID-19 illness. Composite adverse maternal outcome was defined as any of the following outcomes: placental abruption, pregnancy-related hypertension, chorioamnionitis, stroke, delivery with estimated blood loss >1000 mL, diagnosis of pulmonary embolism or deep venous thromboembolism, or maternal death. Composite adverse neonatal outcome was defined as any of the following: Apgar score ≤3 at 5 min, arterial cord pH <7.0, positive SAR-CoV-2 test, intraventricular hemorrhage, periventricular leukomalacia, stillbirth, or neonatal death. Comparative analyses between participants receiving remdesivir versus those not exposed were performed. Results: A total of 994 patients were diagnosed with COVID-19 infection. Of these, 95 (9.6%) met criteria for moderate, severe, or critical disease. Forty-one percent of these patients (n = 39) received remdesivir. Baseline demographic characteristics were not different between groups. No patients reported an allergic reaction with the administration of remdesivir; however, 16.7% of the patients had the medication discontinued due to transaminitis. Patients receiving the drug were more likely to have a longer illness duration on admission, more likely to require oxygen support on arrival and have a longer hospital stay. Conclusions: Remdesivir appears to be safe, well tolerated within our cohort with no cases of recorded adverse reaction.
Integrase Inhibitors Use for HIV Infection in Pregnancy; Purpose of Review: There are important unmet needs regarding HIV infection, particularly in vulnerable population, such as pregnant women and the safety and efficacy of antiretrovirals to them and their newborn. HIV integrase inhibitor agents are among the preferred antiretrovirals in most guidelines worldwide. The purpose of this review is to evaluate their safety and efficacy in that specific population. Recent Findings: An increased importance it is being paid to this issue. However, only recently and just a few studies have been conducted trying to evaluate and compare these drugs with other agents such as efavirenz and protease inhibitors. Summary: Most studies evaluate dolutegravir and some raltegravir. So far, the findings from clinical trials support the indication of dolutegravir as the preferred agent and raltegravir as the alternate drug in pregnant women and in those who can become pregnant. They have been shown to be safe to the mother and infant and are effective in reducing viral load and prevent maternal-to-child HIV transmission. Furthermore, viral decay is faster with them, which could be important for late pregnancy in women not taking antiretrovirals yet. While elvitegravir is not recommended due to pharmacokinetic limitations, bictegravir is still not indicated as there is virtually no information about its use in this population. More clinical trials and data are urgently needed to better evaluate antiretrovirals for pregnant women in several settings, including preconception; first, second, and third trimester; and post-partum.
Placental pathology associated with maternal age and maternal obesity in singleton pregnancy; Objective: Maternal age, maternal obesity and neonatal sex dimorphism are known to affect pregnancy and neonatal outcome. However, the effects of these factors on specific placental pathology are less well-documented. Study design: Clinical information, placental pathology and neonatal data from singleton delivery were collected at our hospital in March 2020 to October 2021 and correlation studies were performed. Results: A total 3,119 singleton placentas were examined between March 2020 and October 2021 in conjunction with clinical information and neonatal birth data. Advanced maternal age (>35) was significantly associated with a variety of pregnancy complications and placental pathology including preeclampsia/pregnancy induced hypertension (Pre/PIH), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM2), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and increased maternal body mass index (BMI) at delivery. Maternal obesity (BMI >30 at the time of delivery) was significantly associated with a variety of clinical features and placental pathology including PRE/PIH, GDM2 and decidual vasculopathy (mural arterial hypertrophy). No specific placental pathology was associated with neonatal sex except for more maternal inflammatory response (MIR, chronic deciduitis) in neonates of male sex. Conclusion: Maternal age and maternal obesity were associated with not only clinical complications of pregnancy and neonatal birth weight but also specific placental pathology. Understanding the effects of maternal and environmental factors will help improve pregnancy outcome.
A Comprehensive Review of Receptor-Type Tyrosine-Protein Phosphatase Gamma (PTPRG) Role in Health and Non-Neoplastic Disease; Protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor gamma (PTPRG) is known to interact with and regulate several tyrosine kinases, exerting a tumor suppressor role in several type of cancers. Its wide expression in human tissues compared to the other component of group 5 of receptor phosphatases, PTPRZ expressed as a chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan in the central nervous system, has raised interest in its role as a possible regulatory switch of cell signaling processes. Indeed, a carbonic anhydrase-like domain (CAH) and a fibronectin type III domain are present in the N-terminal portion and were found to be associated with its role as [HCO3−] sensor in vascular and renal tissues and a possible interaction domain for cell adhesion, respectively. Studies on PTPRG ligands revealed the contactins family (CNTN) as possible interactors. Furthermore, the correlation of PTPRG phosphatase with inflammatory processes in different normal tissues, including cancer, and the increasing amount of its soluble form (sPTPRG) in plasma, suggest a possible role as inflammatory marker. PTPRG has important roles in human diseases; for example, neuropsychiatric and behavioral disorders and various types of cancer such as colon, ovary, lung, breast, central nervous system, and inflammatory disorders. In this review, we sum up our knowledge regarding the latest discoveries in order to appreciate PTPRG function in the various tissues and diseases, along with an interactome map of its relationship with a group of validated molecular interactors.
Can alanine aminotransferase measured in early pregnancy predict macrosomia?; Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a part of the metabolic syndrome and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this study was to determine whether unexplained elevated ALT in early pregnancy has any effect in the prediction of large for gestational age (LGA) infants. In this study, the relationship between birth weights of LGA babies and babies with normal weight for gestational age (AGA) and ALT values measured in early pregnancy was evaluated. While a positive, moderately strong, statistically significant correlation was found between infant birth weight and ALT levels in LGA babies this correlation was continued when GDM was not detected and ALT levels were below 36 U/L. Foetal macrosomia, which can develop in advanced gestational weeks, can be predicted with this cheap, easy and simple method that can be checked in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be shaped accordingly.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? It is suggested that asymptomatic high ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What do the results of this study add? Asymptomatic elevated ALT values measured in the first trimester can predict a macrosomic foetus. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Macrosomic foetus development can be predicted with abnormal results obtained with this simple, cheap and easy measurement method measured in the first trimester and pregnancy follow-up can be managed accordingly.
Metabolic Syndrome: Updates on Pathophysiology and Management in 2021; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) forms a cluster of metabolic dysregulations including insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, central obesity, and hypertension. The pathogenesis of MetS encompasses multiple genetic and acquired entities that fall under the umbrella of insulin resistance and chronic low-grade inflammation. If left untreated, MetS is significantly associated with an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Given that CVDs constitute by far the leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, it has become essential to investigate the role played by MetS in this context to reduce the heavy burden of the disease. As such, and while MetS relatively constitutes a novel clinical entity, the extent of research about the disease has been exponentially growing in the past few decades. However, many aspects of this clinical entity are still not completely understood, and many questions remain unanswered to date. In this review, we provide a historical background and highlight the epidemiology of MetS. We also discuss the current and latest knowledge about the histopathology and pathophysiology of the disease. Finally, we summarize the most recent updates about the management and the prevention of this clinical syndrome.
Pregnancy as a Subgroup in the Pathophysiologic Classification of Spinal Aneurysms; Background: Aneurysms of spinal arteries not associated with any known predisposing condition are referred to as isolated spinal aneurysms (SAs). In our series, an SA was found in 2 patients during the postpartum period. The goal of this study is to determine whether an occurrence of an SA may be related to puerperium. Methods: In a retrospective analysis of our consecutive series of 10 cases of SAs from 2008 to 2020, we identified 2 cases of SAs during puerperium. Patients' charts and imaging were reviewed, for potential predisposing factors. Results: In both cases, angiography showed fusiform aneurysms of the anterior SA with concomitant bilateral vertebral artery (VA) dissections. Serum vasculitis and inflammatory panel and genetic testing for collagen disorders were negative in both cases. Review of the literature showed that pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of arterial dissections in various locations and supports the hypothesis that hemodynamic and hormonal changes may play a role in the formation of SAs. Conclusions: Pregnancy and peripartum state may be a distinct cause of the formation of SAs, possibly as a result of increased hemodynamic stress and hormonal changes that may alter the arterial wall. It would be appropriate to add pregnancy as a subgroup in the classification of SAs. In our series, both cases were associated with bilateral VA dissections; it is possible that the bilateral VA stenosis may have contributed to the formation of the SAs. It is important to recognize this possibility when considering the occlusion of a dissected VA.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Overall and Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases: A Population-and Sibling-Matched Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To evaluate associations between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and vari-ous incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) end points, considering the effects of the mediating role of type 2 diabetes and shared environmental/familial factors. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS This population-based cohort study included 10,02,486 parous women in Denmark during 1978–2016. We used Cox regression to 1) examine the associations of GDM with overall and type-specific CVDs using full-cohort and sibling-matched analysis, 2) quantify the impact of type 2 diabetes after GDM using mediation analysis, and 3) assess whether these associations were modified by prepreg-nancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. RESULTS Women with a history of GDM had a 40% increased overall CVD risk (hazard ratio [HR] 1.40, 95% CI 1.35–1.45). Sibling-matched analyses yielded similar results (HR 1.44, 95% CI 1.28–1.62). The proportion of association between GDM and overall CVD explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes was 23.3% (15.4–32.8%). We observed increased risks of specific CVDs, including 65% increased stroke risk and more than twofold risks for myocardial infarction, heart failure, and periph-eral artery disease. The elevated overall risks were more pronounced among women with GDM and prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD. CONCLUSIONS A history of GDM was associated with increased risks of overall and specific CVDs. Increased risks were partly explained by subsequent type 2 diabetes, and the need to identify other pathways remains important. Continuous monitoring of women with a history of GDM, especially those with prepregnancy obesity or maternal history of CVD, may provide better opportunities to reduce their cardiovascular risk.
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease and early prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus using machine learning methods; Background/Aims: To develop an early prediction model for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using machine learning and to evaluate whether the inclusion of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD)-associated variables increases the performance of model. Methods: This prospective cohort study evaluated pregnant women for NAFLD using ultrasound at 10–14 weeks and screened them for GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation. The clinical variables before 14 weeks were used to develop prediction models for GDM (setting 1, conventional risk factors; setting 2, addition of new risk factors in recent guidelines; setting 3, addition of routine clinical variables; setting 4, addition of NALFD-associated variables, including the presence of NAFLD and laboratory results; and setting 5, top 11 variables identified from a stepwise variable selection method). The predictive models were constructed using machine learning methods, including logistic regression, random forest, support vector machine, and deep neural networks. Results: Among 1,443 women, 86 (6.0%) were diagnosed with GDM. The highest performing prediction model among settings 1–4 was setting 4, which included both clinical and NAFLD-associated variables (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] 0.563–0.697 in settings 1–3 vs. 0.740–0.781 in setting 4). Setting 5, with top 11 variables (which included NAFLD and hepatic steatosis index), showed similar predictive power to setting 4 (AUC 0.719– 0.819 in setting 5, P=not significant between settings 4 and 5). Conclusions: We developed an early prediction model for GDM using machine learning. The inclusion of NAFLD-associated variables significantly improved the performance of GDM prediction. (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02276144) (Clin Mol Hepatol 2022;28:105-116).
Evaluation of ultrasound measurements of abdominal fat for the prediction of gestational diabetes in the first and second trimesters of pregnancy; Objective: To evaluate whether ultrasound abdominal fat measurements in the first and second trimesters can predict adverse gestational outcomes, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and identify early patients at higher risk for complications. Methods: A prospective cohort study of 126 pregnant women at 11–14 and 20–24 weeks of gestation with normal fasting glucose levels during early pregnancy. From 126 participants with complete data, 13.5% were diagnosed with GDM, based on the cutoffs established for the peripherical blood glucose. Subcutaneous, visceral, and maximum preperitoneal abdominal fat were measured using ultrasound techniques. GDM status was determined by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) with 75 g glucose overload, and the following values were considered abnormal: fasting glucose ≥92 mg/dl and/or 1 h after overload ≥180 mg/dl and/or 2 h after overload ≥153 mg/dl. The receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve was used to determine the optimal threshold to predict GDM. Results: Maximum preperitoneal fat measurement was predictive of GDM, and subcutaneous and visceral abdominal fat measurements did not show significant differences in the prediction of GDM. According to the ROC curve, a threshold of 45.25 mm of preperitoneal fat was identified as the optimal cutoff point, with 87% sensitivity and 41% specificity to predict GDM. The raw and adjusted odds ratios for age and pre-pregnancy body mass index were 0.730 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.561–0.900) and 0.777 (95% CI, 0.623–0.931), respectively. Conclusion: The use of a 45.25 mm threshold for maximum preperitoneal fat, measured by ultrasound to predict the risk of GDM, appears to be a feasible, inexpensive, and practical alternative to incorporate into clinical practice during the first trimester of pregnancy.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes following in vitro fertilization: A cohort study in Romania; Although in recent years the number of pregnancies obtained through in vitro fertilization (IVF) has increased significantly, a higher incidence of complications has been identified in this group. The widespread development and use of IVF has led to an increasing rate of multiple pregnancies and thus their associated complications. However, whether these complications occur due to assisted reproduction or infertility problems remains to be elucidated. In the present study, a comparison was made of IVF pregnancies with spontaneous conception, and the risk of obstetric and neonatal complications was assessed. An ambispective observational cohort study was carried out between January 2017 and October 2021 at Elias University Emergency Hospital, Romania. The exposed cohort included 132 IVF pregnancies and the control cohort included 157 spontaneous pregnancies. The IVF group included 110 pregnancies with fresh embryo-transfer and 22 pregnan- cies with cryopreserved embryo-transfer. Obstetric, perinatal and neonatal complications were analysed by multivariable logistic analysis. The results showed that, IVF pregnancies had a higher risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (OR=6.42, 95% CI=1.72-23.92) and placental abnormalities (OR=5.49, 95% CI=1.07-28.17). Neonates obtained through IVF had a higher risk of prematurity (OR=6.52, 95% CI=2.99-14.20), low birth weight (LBW) (OR=17.18, 95% CI=7.06-41.87), small for gestational age (OR=4.10, 95% CI=1.95-8.59) and were more frequently hospitalized in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) (OR=11.91, 95% CI=5.72-24.81). Nulliparous women were associated with an increased risk of NICU admission (OR=0.46, 95% CI=0.25-0.88) and risk of LBW (OR=0.37, 95% CI=0.19-0.75). Maternal age ≥35 years had no influence as a confounding variable. In conclusion, this cohort study showed that IVF pregnancies have a higher risk of obstetric and neonatal complications than pregnancies obtained by spontaneous conception.
Social Nervous Exercise Intervention and Its Association with Fasting Blood Glucose on Diabetes Mellitus Gestational; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been identified as a major complication of pregnancies and has remained a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, in both mother and child. Exercise can be used as a strategy to reduce hyperglycemia experienced during GDM. Regular exercise is important for a healthy pregnancy and can lower the risk of developing GDM. For women with GDM. Exercise is safe and can affect the pregnancy outcomes beneficially. The role of exercise about increases skeletal muscle glucose uptake and minimizing hyperglycemia. Social nervous (SaSo) exercise is a moderate-intensity exercise intervention that plays a role in controlling blood glucose through autonomic nervous stimulation so that it has an effect on glucose homeostasis. Social nervous exercise can stimulate the parasympathetic or myelinated vagus nerves. The social nerve or the social nervous system is the vagus nerve nc-X which is supported by cranial nerves, namely, nerves V, VII, IX, and XI centered in the nucleus ambiguous. AIM: The aim of the study is to determine the impact of a social nervous (SaSo) exercise training program consisting of warm-up, core (prayer movements), and cooling exercises on glucose homeostasis parameters in pregnant women diagnosed with GDM. METHODS: Thirty-seven pregnant women diagnosed with GDM at 24–28 weeks of gestation were allocated into two groups, thats the experimental group (n=19) with the SaSo program being regularly monitored and the control group (n=18) receiving only standard antenatal care for GDM. The Saso program started from the time diabetes was diagnosed until 6 weeks of intervention. Interventions were performed twice per week and sessions lasted 40–45 min. RESULTS: The baseline results for the experimental and control groups were homogeneous, without differences in the baseline variables (p > 0.05). Social nervous exercise the experimental group significantly reduced fasting blood glucose levels (p < 0.001) compared to the control group. CONCLUSIONS: A social nervous exercise program has a beneficial effect on fasting blood glucose levels in late pregnancy.
Emerging role of long non-coding RNAs in endothelial dysfunction and their molecular mechanisms; Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are the novel class of transcripts involved in transcriptional, post-transcriptional, translational, and post-translational regulation of physiology and the pathology of diseases. Studies have evidenced that the impairment of endothelium is a critical event in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis and its complications. Endothelial dysfunction is characterized by an imbalance in vasodilation and vasoconstriction, oxidative stress, proinflammatory factors, and nitric oxide bioavailability. Disruption of the endothelial barrier permeability, the first step in developing atherosclerotic lesions is a consequence of endothelial dysfunction. Though several factors interfere with the normal functioning of the endothelium, intrinsic epigenetic mechanisms governing endothelial function are regulated by lncRNAs and perturbations contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. This review comprehensively addresses the biogenesis of lncRNA and molecular mechanisms underlying and regulation in endothelial function. An insight correlating lncRNAs and endothelial dysfunction-associated diseases can positively impact the development of novel biomarkers and therapeutic targets in endothelial dysfunction-associated diseases and treatment strategies.
Early-pregnancy maternal heart rate is related to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Objective: The study examined the association between resting heart rate (RHR) of early pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Chinese population. Methods: As retrospective study, medical data of 15,092 pregnant women gave birth in 2019 was collected and analyzed. The pregnant women's age, educational level, pre-pregnancy body weight, height, parity, family history of diabetes, lipid profile, blood pressure and RHR were recorded during 11 ∼ 13+6 weeks. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and RHR and GDM. And we further evaluated the predictive roll of RHR in different sub-groups defined by their body mass index (BMI), age, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), total cholesterol and triglyceride. Results: 2313 women (15.33%) were diagnosed as GDM according to 75 g OGTT. According to the quartile value of RHR, the subjects were divided into four groups. Risk of GDM increased significantly as RHR increased. In the fully adjusted model, ORs(95%CI) for the lowest vs highest quartiles of heart rate were 1(as reference), 1.14(0.97 ∼ 1.33), 1.25(1.05 ∼ 1.40), 1.41(1.21 ∼ 1.62), respectively. In the subgroup's analysis, we found the relationship between RHR and risk of GDM was evident in women with low and normal BMI; with normal fasting plasma; and normal serum lipid level. Conclusion: The current study shows early-pregnancy maternal RHR is associated with potential risk of developing GDM.
Non-mental diseases associated with ADHD across the lifespan: Fidgety Philipp and Pippi Longstocking at risk of multimorbidity?; Several non-mental diseases seem to be associated with an increased risk of ADHD and ADHD seems to be associated with increased risk for non-mental diseases. The underlying trajectories leading to such brain-body co-occurrences are often unclear - are there direct causal relationships from one disorder to the other, or does the sharing of genetic and/or environmental risk factors lead to their occurring together more frequently or both? Our goal with this narrative review was to provide a conceptual synthesis of the associations between ADHD and non-mental disease across the lifespan. We discuss potential shared pathologic mechanisms, genetic background and treatments in co-occurring diseases. For those co-occurrences for which published studies with sufficient sample sizes exist, meta-analyses have been published by others and we discuss those in detail. We conclude that non-mental diseases are common in ADHD and vice versa and add to the disease burden of the patient across the lifespan. Insufficient attention to such co-occurring conditions may result in missed diagnoses and suboptimal treatment in the affected individuals.
Expansion of the phenotypic and mutational spectrum of Carpenter syndrome; Carpenter syndrome 1 (CRPT1) is an acrocephalopolysyndactyly (ACPS) disorder characterized by craniosynostosis, polysyndactyly, obesity, and other malformations. It is caused by mutations in the gene RAB23. We are reporting on two patients from two unrelated consanguineous Egyptian families. Patient 1 presented with an atypical clinical presentation of Carpenter syndrome including overgrowth with advanced bone age, epileptogenic changes on electroencephalogram and autistic features. Patient 2 presented with typical clinical features suggestive of Carpenter syndrome. Therefore, Patient 1 was subjected to whole exome sequencing (WES) to find an explanation for his unusual features and Patient 2 was subjected to Sanger sequencing of the coding exons of theRAB23 gene to confirm the diagnosis. We identified a novel homozygous missense RAB23 variant (NM_001278668:c.T416C:p.Leu139Pro) in Patient 1 and a novel homozygous splicing variant (NM_016277.5:c.398+1G > A) in Patient 2. We suggest that the overgrowth with advanced bone age, electroencephalogram epileptogenic changes, and autistic features seen in Patient 1 are an expansion of the Carpenter phenotype and could be due to the novel missense RAB23 variant. Additionally, the novel identified RAB23 variants in Patient 1 and 2 broaden the spectrum of variants associated with Carpenter syndrome.
Mortality among infants of diabetic mothers with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; Objective: To assess the association between hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and mortality among infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of hospitalized IDMs admitted at ≤14-days-old in the Pediatric Health Information System (years 2004 − 2019). Multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between HCM and mortality; covariates in the model were prematurity, sex, and congenital malformations of the cardiovascular, nervous, urinary and musculoskeletal systems. Results: Among 32,993 IDMs, there were 203 (0.6%) with HCM. Black and Hispanic children were disproportionately represented among children with HCM compared to those without HCM (23.2 vs. 14.9%, p =.001 for Black, and 30.0 vs. 22.1%, p =.007 for Hispanic). IDMs with HCM were also larger at birth (median birth weight 4120 g [interquartile range 3600-4703] vs. 3270 g [interquartile range 2535–3910]; p <.001). In-hospital mortality in patients with HCM was greater than in those without HCM (4.9 vs. 1.3%, p < 0.001), and odds of mortality were greater among those with HCM (adjusted odds ratio 2.10, 95% confidence interval: 1.04−4.25; p =.038). Conclusion: We identify HCM as a contributor to in-hospital mortality. These data reinforce the need for more specific diagnostic criteria, better prevention of maternal diabetes, and effective therapies for HCM in IDMs.
A Prospective Observational Study to Evaluate the Maternal and Fetal Factors Associated with Intrauterine Fetal Death; Aim: To Study the maternal and fetal factors associated with intrauterine fetal death. Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Patna Medical College and Hospital, Patna, Bihar, India, from July 2020 to June 2021. The cases of intra-uterine fetal death either with ultrasound reports proving IUFD or diagnosed on clinical examination by absence of fetal heart rate and fetal movements were studied. All 100 cases of IUFD with gestational age >20 weeks and <42 weeks period of gestation. Detailed obstetric history, details about present complaints and duration of present pregnancy, past obstetric performances and outcomes (including previous abortions, previous IUFD, associated toxemias, etc.,) were studied Result: In the present study mean maternal age was 26.03 years (Mean±SD: 27.03±4.62). Out of 100 women, 2% were <20 years, 80% were 20-30 years, 16% were 30-40 years and 2% were >40 years of age. In present study, out of 100 fetuses, 53% were female and 47% were male foetuses. Weight of the foetuses were as follows: 48(48%) weighed<1000 grams, 20 (20%) weighed 1001-1500 grams, 10 (10%) weighed 1501-2000 grams, 10(10%) foetuses weighed 2001-2500 grams, 10(10%) were 2501-3000 grams and 2 (2%) weighed > 3000 grams. Mean weight of the fetus in present study was 1334 gms (Mean±SD: 1334.59±814.36). In present study, 20 (20%) IUFD were unexplained, 10 (10%) IUFD were due to abruption placentae, 5 (5%) were due to cord accidents, 16 (16%) were due to Hypertension related complications, 5 (5%) were due to diabetes, 8 (8%) were due to severe oligohydramnios, 3 (3%) were due to premature rupture of the membranes, 5 (5%) were due to Rh isoimmunisation, 22 (22%) were having major congenital anomalies, 3 (3%) were having nonimmune hydrops and 2 (2%) was due to polyhydramnios. In present study, 16(57.14%) of women had hypertension related complications. 5 (17.86%) were diabetics.5(17.86%) had Rh isoimmunisation, 1 (3.57%) had bicornuate uterus and 1 (3.57%) had septate uterus. Conclusion: PIH (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy) abruption placenta and congenital anamolies were the leading causes of the IUFD. Significant proportion of IUFD due to PIH and abruption placenta is preventable by regular ante natal care and timely intervention and treatment for PIH.
Gestational age impacts birth to placental weight ratio and umbilical cord oxygen values with implications for the fetal oxygen margin of safety; Background: We determined the impact of gestational age (GA) from near term to term to post-term on birth/placental weight ratio and cord oxygen values with implications for placental transport efficiency for oxygen, fetal O2 consumption relative to delivery or fractional O2 extraction, and oxygen margin of safety. Materials and methods: A hospital database was used to obtain birth/placental weight ratios, cord PO2 and other information on patients delivering between Jan 1, 1990 and Jun 15, 2011 with GA > 34 completed weeks (N = 69,852). Oxygen saturation was calculated from the cord PO2 and pH data, while fractional O2 extraction was calculated from the oxygen saturation data. The effect of GA grouping on birth/placental weight ratio, cord PO2, O2 saturation, and fractional O2 extraction values, was examined in all patients adjusting for pregnancy and labor/delivery covariates, and in a subset of low-risk patients. Results: Birth/placental weight ratio and umbilical venous O2 values increased with advancing GA, supporting the conjecture of increasing placental transport efficiency for oxygen. However, umbilical arterial O2 values decreased while fractional O2 extraction increased with successive GA groupings, indicating that fetal O2 consumption must be increasing relative to delivery. Conclusions: Fetal O2 consumption can be seen as ever ‘outgrowing’ O2 delivery over the last weeks of pregnancy and leading to a continued lowering in systemic oxygen levels. While this lowering in oxygen may trigger feedback mechanisms with survival benefit, the ‘oxygen margin of safety’ will also be lowered increasing perinatal morbidity and mortality which appear to be hypoxia related.
Anthropometric Measurements to Predict NICU Admission for Infants of Diabetic Mothers; Aim: Can NICU admission of IDM be predicted by anthropometric measurements like birth weight, lenght, head circumference (HC), mid upper arm circumference (MUAC) or triceps skin fold thickness (TSFT). Method: Eighty-six-term IDMs were analyzed prospectively. MUAC, HC and TSFT were measured within 48 hours of life. Prenatal-natal-postnatal problems; NICU admission; maternal characteristics, HbA1c were recorded. Results: Mean birth weight, gestational age were 3453.3±582.4g and 38.0±0.97weeks. 63.9% of IDMs was admitted to NICU. 56.3% hospitalized due respiratory problems; 32,7 % required endotracheal intubation. Mean MUAC, TSFT, HC and MUAC/HC ratio were 11.2±1.1 cm, 7.1±2.2 mm, 35.0±1.8 cm and 0.32±0.03 cm respectively for all. Although there was no significant relation between NICU admission and MUAC (p=0.071), TSFT and MUAC/HC were significantly higher in babies admitted to NICU (p=0.006 for TSFT, p<0.001 for MUAC/HC). HC was significantly low in babies followed in NICU (P<0.001). With increment of TSFT, MUAC/HC and HbA1c, NICU admission increases positively, but HC affects NICU admission negatively (OR for TSFT:1.6, OR for MUAC/HC: 2.1, OR for HbA1c: OR for HC:0,3). Mechanic ventilation requirement is affected positively by TSFT (p=0.008, OR:1.5) and affected negatively by HC (p=0.004, OR:0.6). Conclusion: This preliminary study showed; TSFT, HC and MUAC/HC ratio are helpful criterias to predict NICU admission risk for IDMs and might be helpful for risk assesment in limited settings.
LncRNA OIP5-AS1 Signatures as a Biomarker of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and a Regulator on Trophoblast Cells; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder in pregnant women. Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) is a fundamental mediator in the pathogenesis of GDM. The study aimed to detect the clinical importance of lncRNA OIP5-AS1 and its underlying regulation on trophoblast cells. Design: The expression of OIP5-AS1 and miR-137-3p was assessed by the quantitative real-time PCR technique. The prognostic effect of OIP5-AS1 was analyzed by the receiver operating characteristic curve. The influences of OIP5-AS1 on cells were indicated by cell counting kit-8, transwell experiments, and flow cytometry. Luciferase activity assay was used to identify the target relationships among OIP5-AS1, miR-137-3p, and EZH2. Participants: A total of 75 pregnant women with GDM who were treated in the Dongying People's Hospital were selected as the GDM group. Besides, 72 pregnant women with non-GDM who underwent physical examination in the same hospital were selected as the control group. Results: Decreased expression of OIP5-AS1 was confirmed in GDM patients, and the level of OIP5-AS1 could be used as a basis for evaluating GDM patients. Upregulation of OIP5-AS1 ameliorated the viability, migration, invasion, and apoptosis of HG-stimulated HTR-8/SVneo cells by sponging miR-137-3p. EZH2 was a direct target of miR-137-3p. Conclusions: OIP5-AS1 level decreased in women with GDM. OIP5-AS1 appeared to help separating GDM patients from healthy pregnant women. The OIP5-AS1/miR-137-3p/EZH2 pathway could exert its function on HG-induced HTR-8/SVneo models.
Persistent subclinical myocardial dysfunction among infants of diabetic mothers; Introduction: Offspring of diabetic mothers have five times higher risk of cardiovascular abnormalities than in normal pregnancies. These cardiac anomalies involve fetal cardiac morphological and functional changes. Here, we investigate subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, including structural and functional changes among infants of diabetic mothers. Material and methods: A prospective cohort study was carried out from March 2017 to September 2020 at a South Indian tertiary care center. One hundred ninety-eight newborns delivered from non-diabetic mothers, well-controlled diabetic mothers (WCDM), and poorly controlled diabetic mothers (PCDM) were studied. Neonates and infantile echocardiographic imaging were performed at the first week of life, at 6-weeks, and 6-months of life. Cardiac structure and function were assessed using 2D, M-mode, Conventional Doppler, and Tissue Doppler imaging. Results: Out of the total (198) infants, 66 (33.3%) were from the non-diabetic (control) mothers, 60 (30.3%) from the WCDM, and 72 (36.4%) were from the PCDM groups. In both WCDM and PCDM groups, the mean gestational ages at birth were shorter than the control group (37.19 ± 0.82, 36.02 ± 2.15, and 37.91 ± 1.33 weeks respectively). There was a high incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia (p-value <0.001), NICU stay >7 days (p-value <0.018), and persistent fetal transitional cardiac shunt (p-value <0.03) among poorly controlled DM group in comparison to others. Tissue deformation imaging showed a significant reduction in left ventricular global strain and strain rate in the neonatal heart from poorly controlled diabetic mothers. Myocardial wall thickness among neonates of diabetic mothers was higher compared to controls. LV TEI was higher in PCDM groups in comparison with WCDM and control groups; (0.59 ± 0.11, 0.46 ± 0.35, and 0.37 ± 0.12 respectively, p-value =0.01). Similarly, RV TEI was high in the PCDM (0.56 ± 0.09) group compared to the WCDM group (0.33 ± 0.12) and control group (0.28 ± 0.10). Conclusions: Infants of diabetic mothers are at higher risk of developing cardiac abnormalities, including structural and functional defects. The highest increase in interventricular septal thickening found in poorly controlled diabetic mothers' neonates will disrupt both ventricles' functions, followed by WCDM and the control group.
Engineered Probiotic and Prebiotic Nutraceutical Supplementations in Combating Non-communicable Disorders: A Review; Nutritional supplementations are a form of nutrition sources that may help in improving the health complexities of a person throughout his or her life span. Being also categorized as food supplementations, nutraceuticals are products that are extracted from edible sources with medical benefits as well as primary nutritional values. Nutraceuticals can be considered as functional foods. There are evidences that nutraceutical supplementations can alter the commensal gut microbiota and help to prevent or fight against chronic non-communicable degenerative diseases in adults, including neurological disorders (Autism Spectrum Disorder [ASD], Parkinson’s disease [PD], Multiple sclerosis [MS]) and metabolic disorders (Type-II diabetes, obesity and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease). They can even lessen the complexities of preterm babies like extra-uterine growth restriction, necrotizing enterocolitis, infant eczema and allergy (during pregnancy) as well as bronchopulmonary dysplasia. Molecular perception of inflammatory and apoptotic modulators regulating the pathogenesis of these health risks, their control and management by probiotics and prebiotics could further emphasize the scientific overview of their utility. In this study, the pivotal role of nutraceutical supplementations in regulating or modulating molecular pathways in the above non-communicable diseases is briefly described. This work also gives an overall introduction of the sophisticated genome-editing techniques and advanced delivery systems in therapeutic activities applicable under these health risks.
Maternal and fetal outcomes among women at term with GDMA1 before and post-date; Objective: To investigate the association between adverse pregnancy outcomes in patients complicated with GDMA1 according to gestational age at term. Study Design: In this retrospective population-based cohort study, all women with a diagnosis of GDMA1 who delivered between 1996 and 2016 at Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC) were included. Women with diabetes other than GDMA1 or those who delivered before 37 weeks were excluded. Women with GDMA1 were divided into two groups: those who delivered before 40 weeks gestation (term before date) and those who delivered after 40 weeks of gestation (term post-date). Pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcomes were compared between the groups. Univariate analysis was followed by a multivariate analysis to control for confounders. P value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: During the study period, 11,765 women with GDMA1 met the inclusion criteria; 1303 (11%) term post-date deliveries constituted the study group, while the remainder (n = 10,462 (89%)) constituted the group of deliveries at term before date (control group). The study group had a significantly lower percent of cesarean deliveries (CD), and significantly higher rates of spontaneous vaginal delivery, induction of labor and a higher mean neonatal birth weight. The control group had significantly higher rates of preeclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction. Using a multivariable logistic regression model, delivery after 40 weeks was noted as an independent protective factor for CD (adjusted OR=0.78, 95%CI 0.66-0.92; p value=0.001), while controlling for suspected macrosomia, nulliparity, previous CD, fertility treatments, induction of labor and non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracings. Delivery after 41+0 weeks had a significantly higher rate of CD and LGA. Conclusion: Our findings demonstrate that there is no significant increase in adverse pregnancy outcomes at term post-date pregnancies complicated with GDMA1. Furthermore, there is no increase in the rate of CD with the increase in gestational age until 41 weeks of gestation.
Obesity and Hypertension are Risk Factors for Villitis of Unknown Etiology; Objective: Villitis of unknown etiology (VUE) is an inflammatory placental condition characterized by maternal CD8+ T lymphocyte infiltration into the fetal villi. It has been linked with adverse fetal outcomes and recurrence in subsequent pregnancies, making it a clinically significant pathology. As predicting onset of VUE prior to delivery would allow for the development of treatments or preventative strategies, our study sought to determine maternal risk factors and placental pathologies associated with VUE. Study Design: Using a retrospective case-control study design, placental pathology reports from 2010 to 2018 were used to identify 356 cases of documented VUE, matched 1:2 to 664 placentae without VUE by maternal age, parity, and gestational age at delivery. For both cases and controls, maternal demographics and additional diagnosed pathologies were recorded from the electronic medical record. Comparisons between groups were reported as means with standard deviation and significant differences were estimated using fisher’s exact test or chi-square test as appropriate. Results: Women with preexisting chronic hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 1.7) and a BMI >30 kg/m2 (OR 1.2) were more likely to develop VUE. During pregnancy, VUE is associated with a diagnosis of preeclampsia (OR 1.7) and gestational diabetes (OR 1.3). When accompanying pathologies were compared, VUE was more common in placentae with a single umbilical artery (OR 2.5), avascular villi (OR 11.0), deciduitis (OR 42.2), development of maternal vasculopathy (OR 4.9), and chorionic vasculitis (OR 3.4). Conclusion: Obese and hypertensive women are at greatest risk for developing VUE during pregnancy. Pathologic evaluation of the placenta following delivery is therefore important and is especially useful for preconception counseling. Obese women with history of VUE may benefit from antenatal surveillance in subsequent pregnancies.
Maternal hyperglycemia and epigenetic regulation of Cacna1D in cardiac hypertrophy; Objective: The objectives for this study were: 1. To evaluate the short and long-term cardiac function in offspring of diabetic mothers in a murine model. 2. Determine how gene programming during embryonic heart development translates to adult heart gene expression. We hypothesized that abnormal post-natal heart function origins have their origins in gene programming during embryonic heart development. Study Design: We induced maternal hyperglycemia in eight-week-old CD1 female mice with a 150 mg/kg streptozotocin before mating. Control animals received normal saline. Both hyperglycemic and control females mated with normal CD1 males. On embryonic day 10.5, embryonic thoracic hearts were harvested. We determined gene expression and methylation differences between the two groups using genome-wide expression assay and genome-wide bisulfite sequencing. Integration of DNA methylation and RNA expression data sets generated the gene candidate: Calcium Voltage-Gated Channel Subunit Alpha1 D (Cacna1d) in the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy pathway. Using immunohistochemistry, we quantified the gene expression of Cacna1D in embryos and adult offspring. We performed left ventricular echocardiograms in first generational offspring from both groups (n=11-30) at 1, 4, 8, and 24 weeks in embryonic and adult hearts. We analyzed the data using Mann-Whitney tests, Kruskal-Wallis tests, and two-way ANOVA with the posthoc Tukey test. P-values < 0.05 were considered significant. We used GraphPad Prism 8 software for analysis and graph generation. We used Leica imaging software to quantify the staining intensity of Cacna1D. Results: Compared with offspring of control mothers (OCM), ODM had findings consistent with cardiac hypertrophy from 4-24 weeks postnatally. Additionally, embryonic hypomethylation of Calcium Voltage-Gated Channel Subunit Alpha1 D (Cacna1d) correlate with overexpression of genes enriched in the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy pathways in both embryo and adults. Conclusion: The embryonic programming of cardiac gene expression translates to similar gene programming in adulthood.
Association between endothelial dysfunction at birth and pediatric obesity; Objective: Obesity in pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, and obesity in offspring. Animal studies demonstrate endothelial dysfunction in offspring of obese mothers. Endocan is a biomarker for endothelial dysfunction. Our group previously found a positive association between maternal obesity and neonatal endocan levels at birth. Our objective is to assess whether endocan levels at birth are associated with pediatric obesity. Study Design: From an existing prospective cohort study recruited July 2015 to April 2021, endocan level data were analyzed, in neonates < 33 weeks gestational age. Serum endocan levels were drawn within 48 hours of birth and weekly for 6 weeks. Pediatric weight data were collected from documented BMI between 24 and 37 months of age. Pediatric obesity was defined as BMI ≥95th percentile and overweight as BMI ≥85th percentile. Variables were compared with Student’s t test or Fisher’s Exact test as appropriate. Results: Pediatric BMI data were available for 66 participants, including 4 obese children and 10 overweight children. The mean birth endocan level (ng/mL) in obese children and non-obese children were 573 and 321, respectively, (p = 0.005). Mean endocan level drawn at birth and weekly (up to 6 weeks) was significantly higher at 1 week of age in obese children (493 vs 281, p= 0.046), persisting at 6 weeks of age (613 vs 294, p = 0.043). There were no significant differences between gestational age at delivery, maternal obesity, maternal diabetes, chorioamnionitis or between overweight and non-overweight children. Conclusion: These data suggest obese children may have endothelial dysfunction present at birth. Epidemiologic and animal studies have demonstrated the important role intrauterine environment plays in neonatal body composition programming. Understanding the links between maternal obesity, neonatal endothelial dysfunction, and pediatric obesity may help reveal mechanisms of developmental origins of disease. If endocan is a reliable biomarker in neonates, it could be used to evaluate the efficacy of pregnancy interventions on offspring. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Very high 50-gram Glucose Challenge Test results and the risk for future cardio-metabolic morbidities; Objective: 50-gram Glucose Challenge Test (GCT) results > 180 or 200 mg/dL are considered diagnostic for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. We sought to look at the incidence of endo-metabolic (EM) and cardio-vascular (CV) morbidities among women with very high GCT results. Study Design: This was a population-based retrospective cohort study, including all pregnant women aged 17-55 who underwent GCT between the years 2005 and 2020 at a large HMO. EM morbidities were defined as pre-diabetes, type 2 diabetes or impaired lipid profile. CV morbidities were defined as hypertension, ischemic heart disease or vascular diseases. Study population was divided into the following groups: High (180-199 mg/dL) and very high ( >200 mg/dL) based on their highest GCT result, and the reference category was GCT< 120 mg/dL. Cox proportional survival analysis models were used to calculate the Hazard Ratios for EM and CV morbidities among the study groups, while adjusting for clinical and demographic characteristics. Results: During the study period 77,568 women met inclusion criteria, 850 (3.9%) had high GCT and 527 (2.4%) had very high GCT (Table). The incidence of EM diseases among women with high and very high GCT were 50.9% and 73.4% respectively, while incidence of CV diseases were 5.3% and 6.6% respectively. The differences between the groups can also be seen in the Kaplan Meier Survival curves, demonstrating a significant difference in cumulative survival (p, log rank< 0.001). The multivariable analysis, which adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics and maternal age, revealed an adjusted HR=3.25 (95%CI 2.92-3.61) and 2.13 (1.54-2.93) for EM and CV diseases, respectively, among women with high GCT and among women with very high GCT an adjusted HR = 5.26 (95%CI 4.71-5.88) and 2.00 (1.40-2.87) for EM and CV diseases respectively. Conclusion: High and very high 50gr GCT results were associated with a substantial increase in the risk for EM and CV diseases later in life. Besides identifying GDM, the GCT can assist in identifying women at high risk for future endo-metabolic and cardio-vascular diseases. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Trikafta in Pregnancy: A Clinical Case Series; Objective: To investigate Trikafta (elexacaftor/tezacaftor/ivacaftor and ivacaftor) effects on perinatal outcomes. Study Design: Five pregnant patients with cystic fibrosis were managed with the combination CFTR modulator, Trikafta, and were enrolled in this clinical case series. Pre-pregnancy cystic fibrosis status, pregnancy and postpartum course, and neonatal outcomes were evaluated in detail. Results: All five pregnancies were conceived spontaneously. One of the five patients had previously required assisted reproductive techniques. Patients were started on Trikafta 1-12 months prior to their pregnancy. Four patients chose to continue Trikafta throughout the majority of the pregnancy, while one chose to discontinue Trikafta in the first trimester but resumed with worsening symptoms. All patients experienced improvement in their pulmonary symptoms and had decreased exacerbations on Trikafta. Only one patient experienced active exacerbation in pregnancy. One patient had hemoptysis before starting Trikafta, and experienced resolution in pregnancy. Two patients developed a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. Four pregnancies delivered at term, with an iatrogenic late preterm delivery for the fifth patient. Four of the five patients required cesarean section delivery, and three of these were performed due to category II fetal heart rate tracing remote from delivery. Both patients with pre-gestational diabetes had neonates with birth weights < 50%ile and the other three had birth weights < 25%ile. One neonate had a postnatal diagnosis of muscular VSD; no other anomalies were identified. Three neonates required NICU admission, of which two were for transient tachypnea of the newborn. Conclusion: A large multi-center prospective study is needed to assess the full impact of Trikafta use in pregnancy. At this time, providers should continue to weigh the risks and benefits of its use when considering both the maternal and fetal health. [Formula presented]
Gestational and pregestational diabetes as risk factors for postpartum readmission for cardiovascular disease complications; Objective: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for multiple postpartum sequelae, including the development of future type 2 diabetes and long-term cardiovascular disease (CVD). We sought to investigate the association between GDM and risk for readmission for CVD complications in the first year following delivery. We wanted to compare this risk to that of subjects with pregestational diabetes (DM), including both type 1 and 2 diabetes. Study Design: We performed a retrospective cohort study of all singleton births in the US from 2010-2016 using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Readmissions Database. We identified all readmissions for CVD complications, as indicated by ICD coding, within 1 year of discharge following delivery hospitalizations complicated by GDM and DM. Associations were determined from Cox proportional hazards regression models and reported as hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Associations were examined before and after adjusting for maternal and hospital factors as confounders. Results: From 2010-2016, there were a total of 26,800,844 singleton births. Approximately 1.6 million subjects (6.0%) had GDM and 307,444 subjects (1.1%) had DM. Compared to patients without diabetes, subjects with GDM and DM were at increased risk for readmission for CVD complications within 1 year of hospital discharge (Table). The highest CVD risks for subjects with GDM were seen for hypertensive heart disease and congestive heart failure. CVD risks for subjects with GDM were similar to those of subjects with DM across many subtypes, with the exception of ischemic heart disease. Readmissions for ischemic stroke were increased for both groups, but there was reduced risk of readmission for hemorrhagic stroke. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of readmission for CVD complications within 1 year of delivery hospitalization. The magnitude of risk is similar to that of patients with pre-existing diabetes, which highlights the importance of postpartum counseling on and short-term monitoring for CVD sequelae in patients exposed to diabetes in pregnancy. [Formula presented]
Long-term cardiovascular outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus: a prospective population-based UK Biobank study; Objective: Previous studies suggested that a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be a risk factor for subsequent atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. However, there is a paucity of information regarding diverse cardiovascular outcomes in middle-aged women who have a history of GDM. The purpose of the current study is to examine whether women with a history of GDM have an increased risk for long-term overall cardiovascular outcomes. Study Design: The UK Biobank is a prospective cohort study that recruited >500,000 adult residents between 2006 and 2010 with ongoing follow-up. We included 219,330 women who reported at least one live birth and compared the new incidence of diverse cardiovascular outcomes according to the history of GDM by multivariable Cox proportional hazard models. In addition, causal mediation analysis was performed to examine the contribution of well-known risk factors to observed risk. Results: During follow-up, a total of 13,094 women (6.0%) developed new overall cardiovascular outcomes. Women with a history of GDM had an increased risk for total cardiovascular outcomes (7.80 vs 5.81 new incidences per 1,000 women-year between women with a history of GDM and those without, p< 0.001) Specifically, women with a history of GDM had increased risk for the new occurrence of coronary artery disease (HR 1.330, p=0.003), myocardial infarction (HR 1.678, p< 0.001), ischemic stroke (HR 1.696, p=0.004), peripheral artery disease (HR 1.064, p=0.007), heart failure (HR 1.426, p=0.013), mitral regurgitation (HR 2.276, p< 0.001), and atrial fibrillation/flutter (HR 1.474, p< 0.001), after adjustment for confounding variables. In mediation analysis, subsequent overt diabetes explained 23%, hypertension explained 11%, and dyslipidemia explained 10% of the association between GDM and overall cardiovascular outcome. Conclusion: GDM is associated with an increased risk of more diverse cardiovascular outcomes than previously considered, and conventional risk factors such as subsequent diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia partially contributed to this relationship. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: a Risk Factor for COVID-19; Objective: Diabetes mellitus (DM) has been reported as a risk factor for coronavirus infectious disease 2019. Whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also poses an increased risk for COVID-19 has not been studied. We aimed to evaluate whether GDM increases the risk for COVID-19 during pregnancy. Study Design: We conducted a retrospective, multicenter case-control study to understand the association between COVID-19 in pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. We reviewed consecutive charts of adult females, ages 18-45, with laboratory-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection in six months between March 1, 2020, and August 31, 2020. Cases were patients diagnosed with COVID-19 during pregnancy [COVID (+)], whereas controls were pregnant patients who tested negative for COVID-19 [COVID (-)]. We excluded cases with multiple gestation or incomplete data. We employed PSM to lessen the potential influence of confounding factors and increase the reliability of the results. The PSM was performed using age, race/ethnicity, body mass index, and past medical history (hypertension, cardiac disease, asthma, DM, venous thromboembolism). Analyses were performed with SAS software. Results: A total of 2474 patients were identified, of which 2374 were COVID (-) and 100 COVID (+). The incidence of GDM was higher in the COVID (+) group [16 (16%) vs. 207 (8.7%), p=0.02]. After the PSM algorithm was applied, 400 patients remained in COVID (-) group and 100 in the COVID (+) group. The incidence of GDM remained higher in the COVID (+) group [16 (16%) vs. 34 (8.5%), p=0.03] comparted to COVID (-) group. Conclusion: The incidence of GDM was twice as high in the COVID (+) group even after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, body mass index, and past medical history (hypertension, cardiac disease, asthma, DM, venous thromboembolism). Based on our study’s results, GDM appear to increase the risk of COVID-19. [Formula presented]
Nudge intervention to transition care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a randomized clinical trial; Objective: Scalable interventions are needed to improve preventative care for those with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk identified during pregnancy. We hypothesized that a nudge (reminder message) would increase counseling by the postpartum visit (PPV) provider on transitions of care and CVD risk after pregnancy. Study Design: Single center randomized trial (NCT04660032) including all women >=18 years with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) enrolled in our postpartum blood pressure monitoring program, Heart Safe Motherhood, and with a PPV 4-12 weeks after delivery. Women were randomized 1:1 to usual care versus a nudge. The nudge was sent to the provider through the electronic medical record (EMR) a week prior to the scheduled PPV. The nudge included counseling phrases and patient-specific information on HDP, gestational diabetes, and primary care provider. The same phrases were available through the EMR phrase manager for the usual care group. The primary outcome was documentation of counseling on transitions of care to primary care or cardiology. Secondary outcomes were documentation of CVD risk, whether the nudge was opened by the provider within 7 days, and use of the counseling phrases. Intention to treat analyses were performed, with p< 0.05 considered significant. Results: We randomized 222 women between 2/8/21 and 6/10/21 of which 91.8% attended a PPV. Groups were similar, but more women in usual care had diabetes (Table 1). Women in the nudge group were more likely to have documented counseling on transitions of care (RR 1.69, 95% CI 1.09-2.60), CVD risk (RR 2.55, 95% CI 1.23-5.30), and use of aspirin in a future pregnancy (RR 7.66, 95% CI 1.79-32.82). These findings remained significant after adjustment for diabetes. Within 7 days of being sent, 100% of nudges had been accessed in the EMR by the receiving provider. Counseling phrases were used more often in the nudge group (11.5 vs. 1.9%, p=0.006). Conclusion: A timely nudge improved counseling about transitions of care and CVD risk after HDP. The impact of the nudge on preventative care and health outcomes merits investigation. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Impact of a history of gestational diabetes on long-term complications of type 2 diabetes; Objective: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) as well as cardiovascular disease regardless of progression to T2DM. Prior studies have also demonstrated that patients with GDM who develop T2DM may be at an increased risk of microvascular complications, although actual event rates are low and long-term follow up is lacking. This study aims to examine whether a history of GDM predicts more severe long-term complications of T2DM. Study Design: This study included all individuals with current diagnosis of T2DM from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), a nationally representative cross-sectional survey of the U.S. population, between 2007-2018 (n=2,494). Participants were stratified into two groups: patients with T2DM with a history of GDM (n=385) and patients with T2DM without a history of GDM (n=2,109). Rates of macrovascular complications (coronary artery disease (CAD), myocardial infarction (MI), cerebrovascular accident (CVA), or congestive heart failure (CHF)) and microvascular complications (diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy) of T2DM were compared between the two groups using bivariate and multivariate weighted analyses. Results: In univariate analysis, patients with T2DM with GDM history had lower rates of CHF, and CVA, with no difference in frequencies of other complications (Table). However, after controlling for demographic and clinical risk factors, including smoking, hyperlipidemia and hypertension, a history of GDM was independently associated with an increased risk of myocardial infarction (MI) with an adjusted odds ratio of 2.53 (95% CI: 1.18 – 5.40). An increased risk of coronary artery disease also trended towards significance, with an adjusted odds ratio of 2.15 (95% CI: 1.00 – 4.66). Conclusion: In this large national cohort, a history of GDM in patients with current diagnosis of T2DM was associated with increased odds of MI compared to patients with T2DM and no GDM history. [Formula presented]
Knowledge, attitude, and practice of patients with diabetes towards diabetic nephropathy, neuropathy and retinopathy; Background: Epidemiological and knowledge, attitude and practice (KAP) studies about diabetic microvascular complications are lacking. The goals of this study are: determining 1) the prevalence of diabetes mellitus subtypes and microvascular complications, 2) the KAP towards the complications and 3) health-seeking behavior, barriers to follow-up, stigma and sources of information. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted from January to October 2020 enrolling 380 Lebanese patients with diabetes asked about socio-demographic and lifestyle characteristics, medical, therapeutic, supplement, and dietary history, KAP scores, health-seeking behavior, stigma, barriers to compliance, and sources of information. Results: The prevalence of diabetes type II, type I, gestational, and the microvascular complications was 82.23%, 15.65%, 2.12%, and 33.07% respectively. Factors with significant association were: 1) good quality of life (β=-0.03; p=0.005) and presence of microvascular complications (β=3.58; p=0.001) with knowledge score, 2) good quality of life (β=-0.01; p=0.02) and absence of the complications (β=-0.33; p=0.001) with attitude score, 3) advanced age (β=0.01; p=0.01), no metformin (β=-0.39; p=0.005), and low-protein diet (β=0.6; p=0.02) with practice score. Patients visited community pharmacies (41.84%) and clinics (46.32%). Barriers were costs (33.42%) and time (30.53%). Few talked about the complications to the family (19.74%). Sources of information were healthcare workers. Conclusion: Awareness campaigns should be tailored accordingly to retard the microvascular complications.
Delta variant (B.1.617.2) of SARS-CoV-2: Mutations, impact, challenges and possible solutions; Since commencement of COVID-19 pandemic, several SARS-CoV-2 variants have emerged amid containment efforts via vaccination. The Delta variant (B.1.617.2), discovered in October 2020, was designated as a VOC by the WHO on May 11, 2021. The enhanced transmissibility of Delta variant has been associated with critical mutations such as D614G, L452R, P681R, and T478K in the S-protein. The increased affinity of the S-protein and ACE2 has been postulated as a key reason for decreased vaccine efficacy. As per evidence, the Delta variant possesses increased transmissibility and decreased vaccine efficacy compared to other VOCs like Alpha and Beta. This has led to concerns regarding the acquisition of novel mutations in the Delta variant and outbreaks in vulnerable communities, including vaccinated people. In this mini-review of Delta variant, we have explained its evolution and characteristics, the impact of spike mutations on infectivity and immune evasion, and measures to combat future outbreaks.
A study of prescribing patterns in high-risk pregnancy at a tertiary care hospital; Background: High-risk pregnancy is defined as pregnancy complicated by factors that can adversely affect maternal and perinatal outcome. About 10–30% of pregnancies are high risk which accounts for 70–80% perinatal mortality and morbidity. Drug utilization data help to monitor the drugs prescribed and to assess the outcome by evaluating appropriateness and rationality of prescription. Aims and Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the pattern of drug use in high-risk pregnancy and to assess the WHO core prescribing indicator and US FDA category. Materials and Methods: A total of 250 case record forms of pregnant women admitted to high-risk ward were analyzed. Patient’s demographic data and detailed information about prescription were recorded and analyzed as per the WHO core drug prescribing indicators and US-FDA category. Descriptive statistics were used. Results: A total of 1121 drugs were prescribed among which antimicrobials (33.7%) were used more frequently followed by antihypertensive (13.9%), intravenous (609, 54.2%) route was the major route of drug administration, followed by oral (527, 47%), intramuscular (33, 2.9%), and subcutaneous (16, 1.4%). Average number of drugs per encounter was 4.48, percentage of encounters with an antimicrobials prescribed is around 70.4%, percentage of drugs prescribed by generic name was 93.5%, percentage of drugs prescribed from essential drugs list was 73.3%, and percentage of encounters with an injection prescribed was 50.4%. Majority of drugs belong to the US-FDA pregnancy Category B (45.04%), followed by Category C (39.4%), A (10.8%), and D (4.6%). Conclusion: Majority of drugs were prescribed by generic name and belonged to Category B drugs which are considered safe. Standards of prescription were in accordance with the WHO prescribing indicators. Overall prescribing behavior is rational and encouraging.
Study on the Effects of Individualized Nutritional Intervention on Pregnancy Outcome and Neonatal Immune Function in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. To study the effects of individualized nutritional intervention on pregnancy outcome and neonatal immune function in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. A retrospective analysis was conducted on 100 GDM patients from the obstetrics and gynecology department of our institute between February 2019 and February 2020. The patients were allocated into the control group given regular intervention and the experimental group given individualized nutritional intervention according to different intervention measures, with 50 cases in each group. The comparison was carried out for patients in the two groups with regard to their modality of delivery, neonatal health, their plasma glucose in fasting state, 2 h after eating, and before bedtime; glycohemoglobin at 8 months of pregnancy, at 9 months of pregnancy, during labor, and 1 month after delivery; their complications; and neonatal CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+ levels. Results. The experimental group outperformed the control group in terms of the spontaneous delivery rate, the number of healthy neonates, and neonatal CD3+, CD4+, and CD8+ levels (P<0.05). The plasma glucose in fasting state, 2 h after eating, and before bedtime; the glycohemoglobin at 8 months of pregnancy, at 9 months of pregnancy, during labor, and 1 month after delivery; and the incidence of complications of the experimental group were significantly lower than those of the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion. Individualized nutritional intervention increases the rate of spontaneous delivery in GDM patients, enhances neonatal immune function, stabilizes plasma glucose, and reduces complications.
A Novel Diabetes Healthcare Disease Prediction Framework Using Machine Learning Techniques; Diabetes is a chronic disease that continues to be a significant and global concern since it affects the entire population's health. It is a metabolic disorder that leads to high blood sugar levels and many other problems such as stroke, kidney failure, and heart and nerve problems. Several researchers have attempted to construct an accurate diabetes prediction model over the years. However, this subject still faces significant open research issues due to a lack of appropriate data sets and prediction approaches, which pushes researchers to use big data analytics and machine learning (ML)-based methods. Applying four different machine learning methods, the research tries to overcome the problems and investigate healthcare predictive analytics. The study's primary goal was to see how big data analytics and machine learning-based techniques may be used in diabetes. The examination of the results shows that the suggested ML-based framework may achieve a score of 86. Health experts and other stakeholders are working to develop categorization models that will aid in the prediction of diabetes and the formulation of preventative initiatives. The authors perform a review of the literature on machine models and suggest an intelligent framework for diabetes prediction based on their findings. Machine learning models are critically examined, and an intelligent machine learning-based architecture for diabetes prediction is proposed and evaluated by the authors. In this study, the authors utilize our framework to develop and assess decision tree (DT)-based random forest (RF) and support vector machine (SVM) learning models for diabetes prediction, which are the most widely used techniques in the literature at the time of writing. It is proposed in this study that a unique intelligent diabetes mellitus prediction framework (IDMPF) is developed using machine learning. According to the framework, it was developed after conducting a rigorous review of existing prediction models in the literature and examining their applicability to diabetes. Using the framework, the authors describe the training procedures, model assessment strategies, and issues associated with diabetes prediction, as well as solutions they provide. The findings of this study may be utilized by health professionals, stakeholders, students, and researchers who are involved in diabetes prediction research and development. The proposed work gives 83% accuracy with the minimum error rate.
A case of heterotopic pregnancy with intrauterine and cervical pregnancy coexisting: intrasacular KCl injection, intrauterine pregnancy being preserved, and then massive bleeding at 32 weeks; Background: Heterotopic pregnancy is the condition in which intrauterine and ectopic pregnancy coexist. The conservative management of the ectopic pregnancy, with the intrauterine pregnancy preserved, has been reported. Case(s): Here, we report a very rare case: intrauterine and cervical pregnancy coexist: intrasacular Potassium chloride (KCL) injection successfully terminated cervical pregnancy with intrauterine pregnancy preserved, but later massive bleeding occurred from the cervix. A 39-year-old woman at 7+1 weeks was diagnosed with a heterotopic cervical gestation, with intrauterine and cervical sac, both with live embryos. The ectopic pregnancy was successfully terminated with intrasacular injection of KCl, preserving the intrauterine pregnancy. At 32+4 weeks of gestation the patient started with a profuse bleeding from the cervical sac, causing maternal hypotension (80/45 mmHg) and tachycardia (160 bpm) and a decelerative pattern in the cardiotocographic fetal monitoring, prompting us to perform caesarean section. The cessation of bleeding was achieved using a double balloon intracervical catheter, which was withdrawn 24 hours after its insertion without observing a new bleeding episode. The patient was discharged after 8 days and the newborn after 35 days of life, both in good health. Conclusions: Conservative treatment of a heterotopic gestation is possible, managing to preserve the viability of the intrauterine pregnancy.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with moderate and severe aortic stenosis; Background: Aortic stenosis (AS) is one of the degenerative heart lesions mainly resulting from congenital defects and rheumatic diseases. This study aimed to determine maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with moderate and severe AS. Methods: The clinical data of 26 pregnant women with AS treated between 2007 and 2019 in Beijing Anzhen Hospital were collected and retrospectively analyzed. Results: AS was diagnosed before pregnancy or after pregnancy in 16 (61.5%) and 10 (38.5%) patients, respectively. Except the peak velocity and mean pressure gradient, no significant difference in baseline cardiac parameters between the patients with moderate AS and severe/very severe AS, such as AS locations, previous heart failure symptoms, and heart function was seen. Heart failure and arrhythmia were complicated in 14 (53.8%) and 6 (23.1%) pregnancies, respectively. The rate of Caesarean deliveries was 85.7% in the patients with severe/very severe AS and 58.3% in the patients with moderate AS. There was no neonatal asphyxia or neonatal death in the cohort. Conclusions: The results of our study indicate the pre-conceptional evaluation and counseling should be performed in women with AS and those with symptomatic and severe AS are recommend to take cardiac surgery as appropriate before pregnancy.
Pathogenic Novel Heterozygous Variant c.1076c>T p. (Ser359Phe) chr1: 120512166 in NOTCH2 Gene, Type 2 Alagille Syndrome Causing Neonatal Cholestasis: A Case Report; Objective: Background: Case Report: Conclusions: Unusual clinical course Alagille syndrome (ALGS) is a multisystem hereditary illness with a dominant pattern and partial penetrance. Multiple organ abnormalities can be caused by mutations in the Jagged canonical Notch ligand 1 (JAG1) gene. Notch receptor 2 (NOTCH2) gene mutations are also uncommon. ALGS is also characterized by deformed or narrowed bile ducts and is notoriously difficult to diagnose due to the wide range of symptoms and absence of unambiguous genotype-phenotype connections. Little is known about ALGS patients who have NOTCH2 mutations. We present a patient who developed progressive liver failure due to a unique pathogenic heterozygous variation of the NOTCH2 gene, c.1076c>T p. (Ser359Phe) chr1: 120512166, resulting in type 2 ALGS. A Saudi Arabian newborn with bilateral hazy eyes, ectropion, dry ichthyic skin, normal male genitalia, and bilateral undescended testes was born at 31 weeks. Previous miscarriages, pregnancy-induced maternal cholestasis, fatty liver, or neonatal jaundice were not reported in the family history. He had developed worsening cholestatic jaundice by the third week of hospitalization. The extensive work-up for metabolic, infectious, and other relevant etiologies was negative. Following gram-negative sepsis, he died of multiorgan failure. A NOTCH2 gene mutation explained the phenotypic difference in our situation. Another intriguing observation was the presence of ichthysis and craniosynostosis in ALGS with a NOTCH2 mutation. Cholestasis in newborns can be difficult to diagnose. Next-generation sequencing detects 112 copy number variants in the cholestasis gene panel blood test. More research is needed to understand why NOTCH2 mutations are relatively rare in ALGS.
EFFECT OF AEROBIC EXERCISE ON LIMB MOTOR FUNCTION IN DIABETIC PATIENTS; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes is a group of metabolic disorders that result in glucose intolerance during pregnancy. Among the range of treatments are diet, continuous use of medication, and psychological monitoring. Since it is a multidisciplinary treatment, a proper protocol is vital for a favorable outcome. In addition, there are questions about the benefits of physical activity as a complementary therapy. Objective: To verify the impact of adding exercise to the hospital protocol for patients with gestational diabetes, both on the risks of type 2 diabetes in pregnant women and on the obesity of their offspring. Methods: Sixty pregnant women diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes were randomly divided into control and intervention groups. Both groups received specific treatment and intervention, and the experimental group practiced controlled moderate-intensity physical activity (125-146bpm). Morning blood samples were collected from both groups to check fasting glucose and insulin levels, indicators of lipid metabolism, low and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B. The Brog scale measured the fatigue level. In addition, the premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, neonatal asphyxia, macrosomia, and others was checked. Results: The peripheral blood total cholesterol levels were 5.93, 5. 38, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels were 2.95 before versus 2.64 after, and apolipoprotein B levels were 1.84 versus 1.59 in the control group, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol content increased from 1.74 to 1.88, blood cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B levels after the intervention in the experimental group were lower than those in the control group, with an elevation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Conclusion: Aerobic exercise proved to be more appropriate for patients with gestational diabetes in the later stages of pregnancy and may also be adapted for bedridden patients refractory to traditional drugs. Evidence Level II; Therapeutic Studies-Investigating the result.
Prevalence and Associated Factors for Post-Caesarean Delivery Blood Transfusion in Eastern Sudan: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background: Obstetric haemorrhage is a leading cause of maternal mortality and morbidity worldwide. Caesarean delivery (CD) is associated with significant blood loss, which may require blood transfusions. This study aimed to determine the prevalence and associated factors for post-CD transfusion. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in Gadarif maternity hospital, eastern Sudan, from March to September 2020. Sociodemographic, obstetric and clinical data, including pre-and postoperative haemoglobin levels, were collected. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed. Results: A total of 539 women were enrolled in the study; the median (interquartile range) age of these women was 28.0 (8.0) years. The overall post-CD transfusion rate was 8.2%. Emergency CD (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]=2.57, 95% confidence interval [CI]=1.25‒ 5.28) and antepartum haemorrhage (AOR=44.70, 95% CI=11.18‒178.76) were associated with increased risk of post-CD blood transfusion. Preoperative haemoglobin (AOR=0.48, 95% CI=0.36‒0.64) and rural residence (AOR=0.45, 95% CI=0.22‒0.93) were associated with reduced risk for post-CD blood transfusion. Conclusion: The overall prevalence of post-CD transfusion in this part of Sudan is 8.2%. Women with emergency CD, low preoperative haemoglobin levels and antepartum haemorrhage were at higher risk for post-CD transfusion. Risk identification and correction of antenatal anaemia can reduce the hazard of blood transfusion among CD women.
Early life infection and proinflammatory, atherogenic metabolomic and lipidomic profiles in infancy: a population-based cohort study; Background: The risk of adult onset cardiovascular and metabolic (cardiometabolic) disease accrues from early life. Infection is ubiquitous in infancy and induces inflammation, a key cardiometabolic risk factor, but the relationship between infection, inflammation, and metabolic profiles in early childhood remains unexplored. We investigated relationships between infection and plasma metabolomic and lipidomic profiles at age 6 and 12 months, and mediation of these associations by inflammation. Methods: Matched infection, metabolomics, and lipidomics data were generated from 555 infants in a pre-birth longitudinal cohort. Infection data from birth to 12 months were parent-reported (total infections at age 1, 3, 6, 9, and 12 months), inflammation markers (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hsCRP]; glycoprotein acetyls [GlycA]) were quantified at 12 months. Metabolic profiles were 12-month plasma nuclear magnetic resonance metabolomics (228 metabolites) and liquid chroma-tography/mass spectrometry lipidomics (776 lipids). Associations were evaluated with multivariable linear regression models. In secondary analyses, corresponding inflammation and metabolic data from birth (serum) and 6-month (plasma) time points were used. Results: At 12 months, more frequent infant infections were associated with adverse metabolomic (elevated inflammation markers, triglycerides and phenylalanine, and lower high-density lipoprotein [HDL] cholesterol and apolipoprotein A1) and lipidomic profiles (elevated phosphatidylethanol-amines and lower trihexosylceramides, dehydrocholesteryl esters, and plasmalogens). Similar, more marked, profiles were observed with higher GlycA, but not hsCRP. GlycA mediated a substantial proportion of the relationship between infection and metabolome/lipidome, with hsCRP gener-ally mediating a lower proportion. Analogous relationships were observed between infection and 6-month inflammation, HDL cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A1. Conclusions: Infants with a greater infection burden in the first year of life had proinflammatory and proatherogenic plasma metabolomic/lipidomic profiles at 12 months of age that in adults are indicative of heightened risk of cardiovascular disease, obesity, and type 2 diabetes. These findings suggest potentially modifiable pathways linking early life infection and inflammation with subsequent cardiometabolic risk.
Basilar Artery Thrombosis in the Postpartum Period During COVID – 19 Pandemic: A Lethal But Avoidable Complication; Purpose: To highlight the factors leading to the delayed diagnosis of basilar artery occlusion and poor outcome in the postpartum period during the prevailing Corona Virus Disease-2019 (COVID-19) pandemic. Case report: We here report a case of a 34-year female who presented with a headache localized to the occipital region after cesarean section under spinal anesthesia. Her headache severity increased over time, and she developed a generalized seizure episode and became unconscious. Subsequently, basilar artery thrombosis was diagnosed. Despite all efforts, she succumbed to death. We believe that we might have saved the patient's life if we could have made the diagnosis beforehand. Conclusion: We recommend that unless shown otherwise, postpartum headache and neck discomfort, even in individuals with no known risk factors, should have a low index of suspicion, early diagnosis using non-invasive radiological study such MRI to rule out this uncommon but deadly illness quickly.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Diagnostic Approaches and Maternal-Offspring Complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term offspring and maternal complications. For GDM screening and diagnosis, a two-step approach (1-hour 50 g glucose challenge test followed by 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test) has been widely used. After the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study implemented a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test in all pregnant women, a one-step approach was recommended as an option for the diagnosis of GDM after 2010. The one-step approach has more than doubled the incidence of GDM, but its clinical benefit in reducing adverse pregnancy outcomes remains controversial. Long-term complications of mothers with GDM include type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease, and complications of their offspring include childhood obesity and glucose intolerance. The diagnostic criteria of GDM should properly classify women at risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications. The present review summarizes the strengths and weaknesses of the one-step and two-step approaches for the diagnosis of GDM based on recent randomized controlled trials and observational studies. We also describe the long-term maternal and offspring complications of GDM.
The cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal and neonatal effects of CPAP use in pregnant women: a systematic review; Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), but its outcomes for the pregnant are still undefined. This study aims to review current CPAP intervention during pregnancy, discuss published trials, and propose relevant issues that have yet to be addressed satisfactorily about the cardiovascular, metabolic, fetal, and neonatal effects of CPAP treatment during gestation. Two authors independently conducted a systematic review until March 28th, 2021 on PubMed, BVS, and Cochrane Library, using PRISMA guidelines, and risk of bias. Discrepancies were reconciled by a third reviewer. Of 59 identified citations, eight original trials have submitted a total of 90 pregnant women to polysomnography and CPAP therapy. Four studies performed in samples with hypertension or preeclampsia presented blood pressure decrease or maintained the antihypertensive drug dose in the CPAP group. After CPAP utilization, one trial registered cardiac output and stroke volume increase with heart rate and peripheral vascular resistance decrease, which were correlated with birth weight increment. Others documented a higher Apgar in the CPAP group and more fetal movements during CPAP use. There was a reduction in serum uric acid and tumor necrosis factor-alpha in the CPAP groups whose blood pressure decreased. However, two weeks of CPAP use in women with gestational diabetes and OSA did not improve glucose levels but raised the insulin secretion in those adherents to CPAP. Despite these positive results without adverse effects, randomized controlled trials with standardized follow-up in larger populations are required to determine CPAP therapy recommendations in pregnancy.
Multidisciplinary Management of Costello Syndrome: Current Perspectives; Costello syndrome (CS) is a rare neurodevelopmental disorder caused by germline mutations in HRAS. It belongs among the RASopathies, a group of syndromes characterized by alterations in components of the RAS/MAPK signaling pathway and sharing overlapping phenotypes. Its typical features include a distinctive facial appearance, growth delay, intellectual disability, ectodermal, cardiac, and musculoskeletal abnormalities, and cancer predisposition. Due to the several comorbidities having a strong impact on the quality of life, a multidisciplinary team is essential in the management of such a condition from infancy to adult age, to promptly address any detected issue and to develop appropriate personalized follow-up protocols and treatment strategies. With the present paper we aim to highlight the core and ancillary medical disciplines involved in managing the health challenges characterizing CS from pediatric to adult age, according to literature and to our large clinical experience.
Role of Low Molecular Weight Heparin and Aspirin in Women with Recurrent Pregnancy Loss; Background: Recurrent miscarriage is one of them that affecting the health of the women. The term recurrent miscarriage refers to two or more consecutive pregnancy losses before 20 weeks of gestation. These kinds of issues are reported among 5% of women at reproductive age and the etiology of 68% of recurrent abortions. Enoxaparin is the most commonly used agent in the existing trials. Tinzaparin sodium is also a LMWH and, its biochemical and pharmacokinetic differences from enoxaparin may have clinically important effects. The data about the administration of tinzaparin during pregnancy is limited. However, LMWH alone throughout the pregnancy in patients with URM has not been sufficiently investigated and also, there is a lack of evidence for comparing LMWH molecules in these patients. Aim: The study aims to analyze the role of low molecular weight heparin and aspirin in women with recurrent pregnancy loss Method: This was a prospective observational study conducted on 100 pregnant women with history of recurrent pregnancy loss admitted to Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology at Govt Medical Center & attached Bangur Hospital, Pali, Rajasthan, during the period March 2019 to December 2021. The inclusion criteria for the study involve age-18-40 yrs, history of unexplained spontaneous recurrent abortion (2 or more), Antiphospholipid antibody positive, current pregnancy and cardiac activity confirmed by USG report. Apart from this, exclusion criteria were involving the known case of aneuploidy, anomaly, ectopic pregnancy, multiple pregnancies. Women with Cardiovascular disease, bleeding diathesis, previous thromboembolic phenomena, diabetes mellitus and other contraindication to LMWH. Results: For the current study, 27% of the patients belonged to 21-25 years of age group following which 37% of the patients belonged to 26-30 years of age group. 19% of the patients belonged to 31-35 years of age group while the remaining 17% of the patients belonged to 36-40 years of age group. Moreover, 96% of the patients’ belonged to normal BMI range while the remaining 4% of the patients belonged to overweight BMI range. Hypertensive Disorders (i.e. BP ≥ 140/90). 15% of the patients were detected with Precious Pregnancy/Precious Pregnancy with CRN, 6% of the patients were detected with Fetal Distress, 3% of the patients were detected with Oligo, 5% of the patients were detected with IUGR, 8% of the patients were detected with Pre-eclampsia/Pre-eclampsia with IUGR. Conclusion: From the study, it has been concluded that LMWH resulted in an improved live-birth rate in patient with 2 or more consecutive unexplained recurrent pregnancy loss. Nevertheless these findings need to be confirmed in larger randomized trials. Tinzaparin sodium is also a LMWH.
COVID-19 and sickle cell disease: autopsy findings of three deaths at the 37 Military Hospital, Accra, Ghana; The main pathological effects of COVID-19 infection have been reported to occur in the lungs, with the most pronounced manifestation being reported as Adult Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS) with thromboembolic phenomena. Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) is a common genetic disorder present in 2% of newborns in Ghana. The complications of SCD include Vaso-Occlusive Crisis and Acute Chest Syndrome, which primarily manifest in the lungs. The effects of SCD on the progression of COVID-19 have not been extensively and clearly documented in literature. The objective was to describe the clinical and pathological findings in three SCD patients who died of COVID-19 related complications. A complete autopsy was performed for each of the three SCD patients who were presumed to have COVID-19. Lung swabs were subsequently taken and tested for SARS-CoV-2. The differences in histopathological findings of the three cases were highlighted and correlation with clinical findings was also done. Lung histopathological findings for all three cases were consistent with Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (ARDS)/ Diffuse Alveolar Damage (DAD) described for infections with COVID-19 and lung swabs tested for SARS-CoV-2 by real time Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (rRT-PCR) were positive. Though SCD has been reported not to adversely affect an individual´s chance of worse outcome when infected with COVID-19, our findings suggest otherwise. We suggest that SCD may be an important co-morbidity that needs to be considered in COVID-19 patients and when present needs to be considered as an adverse risk for poor outcomes. Also, post-discharge anti-coagulation and monitoring should be encouraged. More autopsies are required to fully understand the pathogenesis of COVID-19 in SCD patients.
Reviewed and updated Algorithm for Genetic Characterization of Syndromic Obesity Phenotypes; Background: Individuals with a phenotype of early-onset severe obesity associated with intellectual disability can have molecular diagnoses ranging from monogenic to complex genetic traits. Severe overweight is the major sign of a syndromic physical appearance and predicting the influence of a single gene and/or polygenic risk profile is extremely complicated among the majority of the cases. At present, considering rare monogenic bases as the principal etiology for the majority of obesity cases associated with intellectual disability is scientifically poor. The diversity of the molecular bases responsible for the two entities makes the appliance of the current routinely powerful genomics diagnostic tools essential. Objective: Clinical investigation of these difficult-to-diagnose patients requires pediatricians and neurologists to use optimized descriptions of signs and symptoms to improve genotype correlations. Methods: The use of modern integrated bioinformatics strategies which are conducted by experienced multidisciplinary clinical teams. Evaluation of the phenotype of the patient’s family is also of importance. Results: The next step involves discarding the monogenic canonical obesity syndromes and considering infrequent unique molecular cases, and/or then polygenic bases. Adequate management of the application of the new technique and its diagnostic phases is essential for achieving good cost/efficiency balances. Conclusion: With the current clinical management, it is necessary to consider the potential coincidence of risk mutations for obesity in patients with genetic alterations that induce intellectual disability. In this review, we describe an updated algorithm for the molecular characterization and diagnosis of patients with a syndromic obesity phenotype.
Type 2 diabetes control and complications and their relation to serum magnesium level; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a growing health problem nationally and worldwide. Magnesium is an important mineral that is essential for a wide range of metabolic reactions. Here, our primary goal was to determine the prevalence of hypomagnesemia and its relationship to glycemic control, cardiovascular markers, and T2D-related complications. Material and methods: A cross-sectional study was performed from September 2015 to March 2017 including adult patients with T2D who attended the Endocrine and Diabetes Center, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Those with known hypomagnesemia, patients with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, patients with end-stage renal disease, and those on magnesium supplementations were excluded. Those with a serum magnesium level < 0.7 mmol/l were considered to have hypomagnesemia. Otherwise, patients were considered to have a normal serum Mg level. Results: A total of 285 patients with a mean age of 59.4 ±12.7 years were enrolled. The majority of patients were female, with long-standing T2D, with a mean body mass index in the obesity category, and most of them had comorbid conditions. Twenty-eight percent of the screened T2D patients had hypomagnesemia and this group were more likely to have a bachelor degree (p = 0.034), to be on metformin, statin, and glargine insulin (all p < 0.05), have worse glycemic control (p < 0.05), and a higher pulse rate (p = 0.039), but were less likely to be on diet control (p = 0.034) when compared to those with a normal Mg level. Conclusions: Almost one-third of the screened T2D patients have hypomagnesemia. Hypomagnesemia was associated with the treatment modalities, worse glycemic control, and with peripheral artery disease.
Effect of Tele-nursing Guidelines on Health Lifestyle and Self-Efficacy among Women with Gestational Diabetes during COVID-19 Pandemic; Background: Gestational Diabetes is considered to be a serious health problem among pregnant women in Egypt. The seriousness, dramatically increasing and incidence of this disease make its management more essential and need more attention. Applying Tele-nursing in healthcare is increasingly prioritized to reduce maternal mortality, morbidity and improve newborns’ survival. Aim of the study: was to evaluate the effect of Tele-nursing guidelines on health lifestyle and self-efficacy among women with gestational diabetes during COVID-19 pandemic. Research design: Quazi experimental design was adopted to carry out this study. Setting: The study was conducted at family planning and antenatal care unit in outpatient clinic, at Zagazig University Hospital. Subjects: Purposive sample of 5o pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Tools of data collection: Four tools were used for data collection. Tool I: A structured interviewing questionnaire, Tool II: Health Promotion Lifestyle Profile scale (HPLP), Tool III: Self-efficacy scale in gestational diabetes and Tool IV: An educational nursing guidelines booklet for pregnant women with gestational diabetes. Results: There was a statically significant difference regarding mean score of all domains of the health promotion lifestyle profile throughout the intervention phase (p<0.001).Also; a statistically significant relation (p<0.05) was found between post self-efficacy score and post-knowledge score through post-intervention phase, Conclusion: it was concluded that; there was a highly statistical significant improvement among the studied women regarding total knowledge, health promotion life style and self-efficacy about GDM at pre and post intervention. In addition; there was a positive correlation coefficient (r =0.336), with statistically significant p (0.017) between self-efficacy and health promotion lifestyle throughout study phases Recommendations: Tele-nursing should be programmed, implemented and applied as a part of health plan with the routine nursing care in antenatal unites.
Overview of using Propranolol and Oxytocin on Induction and Outcome of Labor; Labor and delivery both are not passive events by which ‘uterine contractions push a solid object through a fixed aperture’. The ability of the fetus to successfully manipulate the pelvis during labor and delivery depends upon a complex interaction of three variablesincluding uterine contractions, fetus passage, and both bony pelvis and pelvic soft tissues. The sequential activation of signals that serve to augment the labor process suggest that it cannot be possible to determine any one signaling mechanism as being responsible for the initiation of labor.Prolonged labor can lead to maternal and neonatal complications.Induction of labour is generally preferred when there are no contraindications to labor and vaginal birth, given the increased maternal risks associated with cesarean delivery. Various hormones and neuropeptides and can affect myometrial contractility. The concentration of some of these agents changes in maternal serum during pregnancy suggesting that they might act in an endocrine fashion, while others are produced locally within myometrial smooth muscle cells and act in anautocrine/paracrine manner. However, their role in the initiation and maintenance of labor at term remains controversial.The aim of the present study to review the role of oral propranolol and/or oxytocin on induction of Labor and the related complications.
Diabetic vasculopathy diagnosis using thermoregulatory impairment of peroneal vessel by external stress application; Diabetes is a chronic illness that affects individuals throughout the world and is caused by insufficient insulin production or poor insulin action by the body. If diabetes is not treated effectively, it can lead to complications. The number of people with diabetes in India is expected to reach 77 million by 2025, making it the world's second most impacted nation after China. One in six individuals (17%) throughout the globe who have diabetes is from India. The figure is anticipated to rise in 2045, when it will be 134 million according on the International Diabetes Federation. Different classes of diabetic mellitus are Type1, Type2 and Gestational Diabetes .If diabetic vasculopathy in the foot is neglected it will lead to an increased risk of developing foot ulcers, infection and limb amputation. Diabetes if left untreated might lead to significant health issues including diabetic neuropathy, diabetic retinopathy and diabetic foot. Furthermore, diabetes doubles the risk of early death, necessitating prompt detection in order to improve disease management. There is a need for early diagnosis to save patients from these complications and guarantee the quality of their lives. The patients develop gangrene and foot ulcers when their blood flow is restricted, so by identifying vascular impairment early, the harm may be avoided. This paper aims at finding the suitable external stress application to detect diabetic blood vessel impairment caused by diabetes using thermoregulation. A set of thirty subjects was taken for this study. The results obtained show that stress applied on extremities is suitable for observing thermo regulatory impairment caused by diabetes.
Comparison of Maternal 2D-Echo Findings in Normal Pregnancy and Anaemia Complicating Pregnancy at 34-36 Weeks Antepartum and at 6 Weeks Postpartum in a Tertiary Care Teaching Hospital; Background: Pregnancy is a dynamic process associated with significant physiological changes in the cardiovascular system. Anaemia is emerging as a potential contributor to the development and progression of cardiovascular disease. Objectives: To study i) the cardiac function in anaemia complicating pregnant women by transthoracic echocardiography and compare these features with normal pregnant women at 34-36 weeks antepartum ii) the cardiac function in anaemia complicating pregnant women by transthoracic echocardiography and compare these features with normal pregnant patients, at 6 weeks postpartum. iii) role of early screening using 2d echo in preventing maternal mortality and morbidity. Materials and Methods: Hundred pregnant women were divided into two groups, Group 1: consisting of 50 healthy pregnant women. Group 2: consisting of 50 Anaemia complicating pregnant women. Pulse rate, blood pressure measured. A detailed clinical examination of pregnant women was done. Following investigations are done: manual hemoglobin using Sahil’s hemoglobinometer, surgical profile, antenatal ultrasound, urinary albumin dip stick test, glucose tolerance test, thyroid profile, complete blood picture, liver function test, renal function test, ECG. Maternal 2D-ECHO is done on both groups. Results: Pulse rate and Sinus tachycardia in ECG were significantly high in the group of anemia complicating pregnancy compared to normal pregnant women. Blood pressure shows no significant difference among both groups. Interventricular Septal Thickness (IVS) and Posterior Wall Diameter (PWD) show no significant difference between both groups antenatally and postnatally. Conclusion: The study concluded that there was hyperdynamic systolic function and no diastolic dysfunction or heart failure in anemia complicating pregnant women compared to normal pregnant women. The 2D echo findings during antenatal period were suggesting the hyperdynamic circulation. During the postnatal period, due to the correction of anemia the hemodynamic parameters fell to baseline or normalcy without significant maternal mortality and morbidity.
Prevalence of Type Two Diabetes Mellitus and Risk Factors in Erbil City among Adult Population; Background: according to the WHO report prevalence of diabetes is increasing. incidence rapidly rising around the world, most significantly in middle-income countries. As reported by the International Diabetes Federation, currently out of ten adults one of them are living with DM. globally.The aim of the study:Is to determine the prevalence and risk factorsof type two diabetes mellitus in Erbil city.Method: A population-based household study was conducted in Erbil city. Data are collected through the cluster sampling method in Erbil city. Erbil city consists of six municipalities, each municipality differs from the other. Depending on the population and number of alleys were divided and from each municipality, twenty-five percent was selected. Data were collected by a personal face-to-face interview with individuals of both sexes, aged over 20 years. The questionnaire consisted of socio-demographic characteristics: age, sex, marital status, (social classes) homeownership, family income, possession of a car, number of household members, number of rooms, education, occupation. The second part of the questionnaire related to risk factors which were consisted of, family history of diabetes mellitus smoking status, alcohol drinking,exercise, hypertension, heart disease, stroke, gestational diabetes, drug history, eating fast food. Patients will be regarded as diabetic if he has a history of diabetes and/or are on treatment. For the aim of evaluating the survey's reliability, a pilot study was carried out on 15 Erbil citizens regardless of diabetic patients for obtaining the reliability(test). The content validity was determined through four experts and all four experts are agreed on the content of the questionnaire with light changes for being more reliable. Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) IBM SPSS Statistics 25 software was used for the analysis. Descriptive and inferential statistics were carried out.For univariate analysis, Odds Ratio was calculated using, logistic regression. Result: The result of the studyshows that the prevalence of the study is 15.3 percent.The current study found that the people who were under the age group 60-69 years old were more at risk as compared to those aged less than 29, OR=40.941,95%CI= 20.182-83.032). Females more at risk as compared to males (OR= 1.35 95% CI= 1.050-1.738). Middle class more at risk as compare to upper class (OR= 1.812, 95% CI= 1.124-2.921). the widow was more at risk as compared to single (OR= 17.987, 95%CI= 6.652-48.640). family histories of diabetes were more at risk as compared to those who did not have family histories (OR= 3.315, 95%CI= 2.569-4.278). EX-smoker more at risk as compared to non-smoker persons (OR=2.062,95%CI= 1.264-3.364).exercise persons more at risk as comparing sedentary lifestyle (OR= 1.860, 95%CI= 1.322-2.617). Patients who lived with hypertension are more at risk to get type two diabetes mellitus as compared to those who did not have hypertension (OR= 4.168, 95%CI= 3.112-5.581). women who has gestational diabetes was more at risk as compared to those who did not have gestational diabetes (OR= 5.645, 95%CI= 3.411-9.343). This study the result did not show the difference of risk between body mass index (BMI) and eating fast food. The current study shows that the participant who had a history of drugs are more at risk as compared to those who had no history of drugs (OR=3.560, 95%CI= 2.442-5.188) and waist circumference had a direct relation of getting type two diabetes millets (OR=1.041, 95%CI= 1.028-1.055). Conclusion: The result of the studyshows that the prevalence of the study is 15.3 percent. Female, age group between 60-69, family history of diabetes, Ex-smoker, gestational diabetes, hypertension, history of drugs and obesity were founded it we more at risk.
Maternal and obstetric outcomes of listeria pregnancy: insights from a national cohort; Objective: We sought to evaluate and describe the maternal and obstetric morbidity associated with Listeria infection in pregnancy. Methods: Retrospective cohort of pregnant women using the 2007-2018 National Inpatient Sample. Pregnant women with discharge diagnosis codes consistent with Listeria infection were identified. Outcomes of deliveries complicated by Listeria infection were compared to those of delivery without this infection. The primary outcome was a composite of severe maternal morbidity. Secondary outcomes included components of the composite, maternal length of stay, mode of delivery, stillbirth, and preterm delivery. Results: We identified 134 maternity associated hospitalizations for Listeria (weighted national estimate 666), of which 72 (weighted national estimate of 358) were delivery admissions. Delivery admissions complicated by Listeria resulted in higher rates of severe maternal morbidity than those without, (30.9% vs. 1.6%, p<.001). In adjusted analyses, women with Listeria had 21.2-fold higher risk of severe maternal morbidity (95% CI: 14.0, 31.9) when compared to those without Listeria. Specifically, Listeria delivery admissions had higher rates of acute respiratory distress syndrome (2.8% vs. 0.1%, p<.001), mechanical ventilation (1.4% vs. 0.0%, p<.001), sepsis (28.1% vs. 0.1%, p<.001), and shock (1.4% vs. 0.0%, p<.001). Listeria delivery admissions also had higher rates of preterm birth (61.3% vs. 7.7%, p < 0.001) and stillbirth (13.5% vs. 0.7%, p<.001). Women hospitalized or delivered with Listeria infection were also more likely to have a cesarean delivery (57.9% vs. 32.9, p<.001) and the average length of stay for women with Listeria was also longer (4.0 days vs. 2.3 days, p<.001). Conclusions: Women with Listeria infection in pregnancy have higher rates of severe maternal morbidity, specifically increased risk of sepsis, septic shock, and acute respiratory distress syndrome. Among delivery hospitalizations, these women also have higher rates of preterm birth and stillbirth.
Prediction and Evaluation of Machine Learning Algorithm for Prediction of Blood Transfusion during Cesarean Section and Analysis of Risk Factors of Hypothermia during Anesthesia Recovery; Objective. To explore the application of machine learning algorithm in the prediction and evaluation of cesarean section, predicting the amount of blood transfusion during cesarean section and to analyze the risk factors of hypothermia during anesthesia recovery. Methods. (1)Through the hospital electronic medical record of medical system, a total of 600 parturients who underwent cesarean section in our hospital from June 2019 to December 2020 were included. The maternal age, admission time, diagnosis, and other case data were recorded. The routine method of cesarean section was intraspinal anesthesia, and general anesthesia was only used for patients' strong demand, taboo, or failure of intraspinal anesthesia. According to the standard of intraoperative bleeding, the patients were divided into two groups: the obvious bleeding group (MH group, N=154) and nonobvious hemorrhage group (NMH group, N=446). The preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative indexes of parturients in the two groups were analyzed and compared. Then, the risk factors of intraoperative bleeding were screened by logistic regression analysis with the occurrence of obvious bleeding as the dependent variable and the factors in the univariate analysis as independent variables. In order to further predict intraoperative blood transfusion, the standard cases of recesarean section and variables with possible clinical significance were included in the prediction model. Logistic regression, XGB, and ANN3 machine learning algorithms were used to construct the prediction model of intraoperative blood transfusion. The area under ROC curve (AUROC), accuracy, recall rate, and F1 value were calculated and compared. (2) According to whether hypothermia occurred in the anesthesia recovery room, the patients were divided into two groups: the hypothermia group (N=244) and nonhypothermia group (N=356). The incidence of hypothermia was calculated, and the relevant clinical data were collected. On the basis of consulting the literatures, the factors probably related to hypothermia were collected and analyzed by univariate statistical analysis, and the statistically significant factors were analyzed by multifactor logistic regression analysis to screen the independent risk factors of hypothermia in anesthetic convalescent patients. Results. (1) First of all, we compared the basic data of the blood transfusion group and the nontransfusion group. The gestational age of the transfusion group was lower than that of the nontransfusion group, and the times of cesarean section and pregnancy in the transfusion group were higher than those of the non-transfusion group. Secondly, we compared the incidence of complications between the blood transfusion group and the nontransfusion group. The incidence of pregnancy complications was not significantly different between the two groups (P>0.05). The incidence of premature rupture of membranes in the nontransfusion group was higher than that in the transfusion group (P<0.05). There was no significant difference in the fetal umbilical cord around neck, amniotic fluid index, and fetal heart rate before operation in the blood transfusion group, but the thickness of uterine anterior wall and the levels of Hb, PT, FIB, and TT in the blood transfusion group were lower than those in the nontransfusion group, while the number of placenta previa and the levels of PLT and APTT in the blood transfusion group were higher than those in the nontransfusion group. The XGB prediction model finally got the 8 most important features, in the order of importance from high to low: preoperative Hb, operation time, anterior wall thickness of the lower segment of uterus, uterine weakness, preoperative fetal heart, placenta previa, ASA grade, and uterine contractile drugs. The higher the score, the greater the impact on the model. There was a linear correlation between the 8 features (including the correlation with the target blood transfusion). The indexes with strong correlation with blood transfusion included the placenta previa, ASA grade, operation time, uterine atony, and preoperative Hb. Placenta previa, ASA grade, operation time, and uterine atony were positively correlated with blood transfusion, while preoperative Hb was negatively correlated with blood transfusion. In order to further compare the prediction ability of the three machine learning methods, all the samples are randomly divided into two parts: the first 75% training set and the last 25% test set. Then, the three models are trained again on the training set, and at this time, the model does not come into contact with the samples in any test set. After the model training, the trained model was used to predict the test set, and the real blood transfusion status was compared with the predicted value, and the F1, accuracy, recall rate, and AUROC4 indicators were checked. In terms of training samples and test samples, the AUROC of XGB was higher than that of logistic regression, and the F1, accuracy, and recall rate of XGB of ANN were also slightly higher than those of logistic regression and ANN. Therefore, the performance of XGB algorithm is slightly better than that of logistic regression and ANN. (2) According to the univariate analysis of hypothermia during the recovery period of anesthesia, there were significant differences in ASA grade, mode of anesthesia, infusion volume, blood transfusion, and operation duration between the normal body temperature group and hypothermia group (P<0.05). Logistic regression analysis showed that ASA grade, anesthesia mode, infusion volume, blood transfusion, and operation duration were all risk factors of hypothermia during anesthesia recovery. Conclusion. In this study, three machine learning algorithms were used to analyze the large sample of clinical data and predict the results. It was found that five important predictive variables of blood transfusion during recesarean section were preoperative Hb, expected operation time, uterine weakness, placenta previa, and ASA grade. By comparing the three algorithms, the prediction effect of XGB may be more accurate than that of logistic regression and ANN. The model can provide accurate individual prediction for patients and has good prediction performance and has a good prospect of clinical application. Secondly, through the analysis of the risk factors of hypothermia during the recovery period of cesarean section, it is found that ASA grade, mode of anesthesia, amount of infusion, blood transfusion, and operation time are all risk factors of hypothermia during the recovery period of cesarean section. In line with this, the observation of this kind of patients should be strengthened during cesarean section.
Review on oral hypoglycaemic drugs and nano technology for countering diabetes; At present diabetes has become a global challenge affecting near about 25.8 million people in USA, 62 million people in India and around 382 million people worldwide and these numbers are continuously increasing and it is expected that this number may reach up to 590 million people by the end of 2035. There’s a need for the safe agents that can reduce the risk of diabetes. Number of disadvantages has been associated with subcutaneous administration of insulin as it is an invasive method, requires qualified personal, increased patient non-compliance. Thus, an alternative route for delivering insulin is needed to overcome those drawbacks. Though there are certain drugs like metformin, orlistat and acarbose that have shown preventive activities for diabetes. Nutraceuticals are known to have significant effect in reducing the risk of diabetes. Natural agents that slow down the carbohydrate absorption mimic the protective effects of acarbose like soluble fibre for example glucomannan, chlorogenic acid can reduce the risk of diabetes associated with heavy intake of coffee and also legume derived α-amylase inhibitors.
The utility of CT virtual bronchoscopy in the esophageal lung diagnosis: A case report; The esophageal lung is a variant of the communicating bronchopulmonary foregut malformation (CBPFM). It needs a high index of suspicion for diagnosis because it is a rare condition and does not have specific symptoms. A CT scan or an esophageal contrast study, showing direct communication between the airways and the esophagus or stomach, confirms the diagnosis. Patients with esophageal lung need flexible bronchoscopy for evaluating tracheobronchial anomalies. We present a three-month-old boy with a right esophageal lung in which the CT virtual bronchoscopy showed an absence of the right main bronchus at the carina level. This case report highlights the importance of CT virtual bronchoscopy as an alternative to flexible bronchoscopy for the diagnosis of tracheobronchial anomalies associated with CBPFM.
Maternal & Neonatal Outcomes in Pregnant Hypertensive Females in a Tertiary Care Hospital in Rajasthan – A Prospective Case Control Study; Background: Around 5-10% of the pregnancies are complicated by hypertension & its associated disorders which could result in significant maternal & fetal mortality & morbidity. Aims & Objectives: This case control prospective study evaluated the maternal and perinatal mortality rates, assess the association between adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes with the type of hypertensive disorder, degree of hypertension, gestational age, mode of delivery, and demographic characteristics and neonatal outcomes. Material & Methods: This prospective, cross-sectional study recruited 200 pregnant women(> 20 weeks of gestation) from January 2022 to April 2022 which were segregated in two categories. Group I which included 100 pregnant women with hypertensive disorders. Group II included 100 normal pregnancies without hypertension. Maternal & neonatal outcomes were recorded. Results: No statistically significant difference was observed between the two groups with respect to baseline demographic characteristics (age, parity, socioeconomic status, mode of delivery) (p>0.05). In Group I, 53% had gestational hypertension, 25% had mild preeclampsia, 15% had severe preeclampsia, 6% had eclampsia with 1% maternal mortality observed in woman with eclampsia. Maternal complications noted were HELLP syndrome (1.6%), 3.7% cases had pulmonary edema (2.8%), cerebral hemorrhage (3.2%), abruption placenta(6.3%) & postpartum hemorrhage (6.3%). In Group I, neonatal mortality was 5%, In Group I, 28% preterm neonates observed as compared to 8% in Group II. Neonatal weight was <1.5 kg in 7% in Group I while 3% in Group II. In group I <7 Apgar score was observed in 26% cases and neonatal complications in 24% while in Group II theses were 12 % & 9% resp. Conclusion: Hypertensive disorders like eclampsia & severe preeclampsia are associated with significantly worst maternal & fetal outcome .Compromised utero-placental blood flow and ischemia could lead to fetal hypoxia & respiratory distress.
Vascular Malperfusion – As a Morphological Pattern of Preeclampsia; BACKGROUND: The system “mother-placenta-fetus” is in a complex functional balance and dysfunction of any of the components can compromise others. The placenta plays an important role in the development of preeclampsia, since preeclampsia can occur in the absence of a fetus, but in the presence of a trophoblast. In this regard, the study of morphological placental patterns in preeclampsia can give an idea of preeclampsia as a pathology in general, as well as its relationship with hypoxic damage to the fetus. AIM: The aim of the study was to study the identification of morphological patterns of placental lesions associated with preeclampsia. MATERIALS AND METHODS: A retrospective and morphological study of 355 placentas sent for histological examination in the period from 2015 to 2020 was carried out. During the analyzed period, 184 placentas from pregnancies with an established diagnosis of preeclampsia and 171 placentas from pregnancies with a physiological course were studied. RESULTS: It has been established that preeclampsia is associated with a smaller mass, size and height of the placenta. As morphological patterns associated with preeclampsia, such histological signs of maternal vascular malperfusion, such as infarcts and arterial atherosclerosis, were identified. CONCLUSIONS: The heterogeneity of clinical and histological signs associated with both the physiological and pathological course of pregnancy reflects the different gestational age of the onset of the disease and the stage of development of the adaptive capabilities of the placenta. Identification of morphological patterns associated with hypoxic damage to the fetus allows us to identify a group of newborns with a high risk of chronic hypoxic damage in the perinatal period and to stratify the risk group in the postnatal period to reduce infant morbidity and mortality.
Nine Maternal Mortalities in 2 Weeks of Second COVID-19 Surge in Indonesia: A Case Series from One Large Tertiary Center; BACKGROUND: The fluctuating COVID-19 cases among the pregnant women’s population encountered increased of cases and maternal mortality. AIM: This research aimed to describe the case of maternal deaths caused by COVID-19. CASE REPORT: We present nine serial cases of maternal death caused by COVID-19 who were admitted to Dr. Soetomo General Academic Hospital for 14 days in June. We found 32 positive COVID-19 obstetric cases and reported nine maternal deaths with a fatality rate of up to 28%. Seven of nine patients had reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction–confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection, while two had a positive antigen swab. Half of the patients ≥35 years old, and five of nine patients had Class I obesity as preexisting comorbidity. This study reported the death of pregnant woman at their 2nd trimester and 3rd trimester presenting infected by severe COVID-19. The usual symptoms are dyspnea, cough, fever, and decreased consciousness. The result of chest X-ray examination among eight patients showed bilateral pneumonia. Most of cases were referrals from a secondary hospital due to overload hospital capacity. Three patients were directly transferred to the tertiary hospital without receiving initial treatment. Eight of 9 patients (88.9%) were transferred to intensive care unit and intubated due to low oxygen saturation. CONCLUSION: In conclusion, the limited hospital facility and lack of intensive care capacity for obstetric cases during the second wave of the COVID-19 pandemic may enhance the probability of mortality and morbidity in pregnant women infected by COVID-19.
Comorbid Psoriasis and Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Implications and Optimal Management; Purpose: To review the literature on guidance on the follow-up of psoriasis and its comorbidities and to provide practical recommendations. Patients and Methods: A PubMed search was conducted using MeSH terms and free text keywords related to “psoriasis”, “obesity”, “hypertension”, “diabetes”, “dyslipidemia”, “metabolic syndrome” and “Psoriatic arthritis”. The search was conducted between September 2021 and January 2022. References of selected articles were scanned to identify additional articles. Results: Recommendations on the follow-up of hypertension, obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, psoriatic arthritis, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and inflammatory bowel disease in psoriasis patients were extracted from the included articles. These data are presented in summary tables for both adults and children. A practical and feasible approach for each comorbidity is discussed. Conclusion: Awareness among dermatologists for relevant psoriasis-associated comorbidities is crucial. The dermatologist should function as gatekeeper and screen for comorbidities, in order to make timely referrals when indicated.
Nitric oxide pathway as a plausible therapeutic target in autism spectrum disorders; Background: The nitric oxide pathway has been \pivotal in exploring neurodevelopmental disorders. Pathogenesis of autism spectrum disorders (ASD) is also suspected to involve a number of biological cascades triggered by nitric oxide-induced neurotoxicity. The excessive nitric oxide levels caused by varied toxicants leads to the formation of reactive nitrogenous species along with ROS leading to mitochondrial dysfunction, oxidative stress, neuroinflammation, and altered NOS expression responsible for worsening of behavioral complications. Areas covered: In this article, we will discuss the plausible role of the nitric oxide pathway in ASD and also discuss the modulation of this pathway by therapeutics, which can be explored in clinics for mitigating nitrosative stress in ASD. Literature was searched utilizing various databases such as Embase, Medline, Web of Science, and Google Scholar from 1966 to 2021. Expert opinion: Nitric oxide pathway is an unexplored domain in the field of ASD and could act as an important therapeutic target in providing relief from behavioral alterations in autistic patients. At present, no major experimental study confirms the role of nitric oxide in autism. However, conclusive preclinical and clinical evidence is needed to evaluate and establish the role of nitric oxide in ASD.
Risks of Developing Diabetes and Hyperglycemic Crisis Following Carbon Monoxide Poisoning: A Study Incorporating Epidemiologic Analysis and Animal Experiment; Purpose: Carbon monoxide (CO) poisoning may damage the pancreas, but the effects of CO poisoning on the development of diabetes and on existing diabetes remain unclear. We conducted a study incorporating data from epidemiologic analyses and animal experiments to clarify these issues. Methods: Using the National Health Insurance Database of Taiwan, we identified CO poisoning patients diagnosed between 2002 and 2016 (CO poisoning cohort) together with references without CO poisoning who were matched by age, sex, and index date at a 1:3 ratio. We followed participants until 2017 and compared the risks of diabetes and hyperglycemic crisis between two cohorts using Cox proportional hazards regressions. In addition, a rat model was used to assess glucose and insulin levels in blood as well as pathological changes in the pancreas and hypothalamus following CO poisoning. Results: Among participants without diabetes history, 29,141 in the CO poisoning cohort had a higher risk for developing diabetes than the 87,423 in the comparison cohort after adjusting for potential confounders (adjusted hazard ratio [AHR]=1.23; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.18–1.28). Among participants with diabetes history, 2302 in the CO poisoning cohort had a higher risk for developing hyperglycemic crisis than the 6906 in participants without CO poisoning (AHR = 2.12; 95% CI: 1.52–2.96). In the rat model, CO poisoning led to increased glucose and decreased insulin in blood and damages to pancreas and hypothalamus. Conclusion: Our epidemiological study revealed that CO poisoning increased the risks of diabetes and hyperglycemic crisis, which might be attributable to damages in the pancreas and hypothalamus as shown in the animal experiments.
Case Report: Diabetic Ketoacidosis During Pregnancy Due to Insulin Omission; Diabetic ketoacidosis is an acute and severe complication commonly occurring in individuals with type-1 diabetes mellitus due to absolute insulin deficiency. A 28-year-old Black woman, gravida 2, para 2, secondary school teacher was admitted at 31 weeks of gestation to the obstetric ward on August 12/2022 with a two-day history of nausea and vomiting. She had a history of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus four years earlier. She missed her insulin dose one day due to traveling to the village for greeting her family. She presented with a two-day history of nausea and vomiting, and a one-day history of shortness of breath, abdominal tenderness, hypotension, elevated heart rate, increased respiratory rate, frequent urination, and fatigue. Ketone testing done using her urine sample showed ketonuria of 3+ . Her chest X-ray revealed coarse crackles on auscultation. Her breath odor revealed acetone-smelling breathing. Upon admission, she was treated with insulin infusion for 24 hours and 60 milliequivalents per liter of potassium chloride intravenously was also initiated. On the same day, 0.9% of normal saline 500 mL was initiated intravenously stat and repeats until systolic blood pressure was greater than 90 mmHg. The main objectives of diabetic ketoacidosis management are to restore volume status, normalize hyperglycemia, replace electrolytes lost, and lower ketoacidosis.
A Review on Diabetes: Mechanism, Pathophysiology and Management; Diabetes mellitus [DM] is a metabolic issue coming about due to a defect in insulin emanation, insulin action, or both. Insulin need hence prompts tireless hyperglycemia with disrupting impacts of starch, fat and protein processing. It is the most common place endocrine issue and continually 2010, it is evaluated that more than 200 million people by and large will have DM and 300 million will accordingly have the sickness by 2025. As the disease propels tissue or vascular damage follows inciting outrageous diabetic intricacies like retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy, cardiovascular troubles and ulceration. Along these lines, diabetes covers a wide extent of heterogeneous diseases. Diabetes mellitus may be requested into a couple of sorts anyway the two critical sorts are type 1 and type2. Drugs are used generally to save life and decrease after effects. Assistant focuses are to hinder long stretch diabetic troubles and, by clearing out various bet factors, to augment life range. Insulin replacement treatment is the spine for patients with type 1 DM while diet and lifestyle adjustments are seen as the establishment for the treatment and the leading group of type 2 DM. Insulin is also critical in type 2 DM when blood glucose levels can't be compelled by diet, weight decrease, exercise and oral remedies. Oral hypoglycaemic experts are moreover useful in the treatment of type 2 DM. Oral hypoglycaemic experts integrate sulphonylureas, biguanides, alpha glucosidase inhibitors, meglitinide analogs, and thiazolidenediones. The primary target of these drugs is to resolve the key metabolic issue, similar to insulin deterrent and lacking insulin emanation. They should be suggested in blend in with a legitimate eating routine and lifestyle changes. Diet and lifestyle methods are to reduce weight, improve glycemic control and lessen the bet of cardiovascular intricacies, which address 70% to 80% of passing among those with diabetes. Diabetes is best controlled either by diet alone and practice [non-pharmacological], or diet with local or oral hypoglycaemic subject matter experts or insulin [pharmacological]. The super eventual outcomes are weight gain and hypoglycaemia with sulphonylureas, gastrointestinal [GI] aggravations with metformin, weight gain, GI agitating impacts and liver injury with thiazolidinediones, GI disrupting impacts, weight gain and extreme sensitivity reactions with meglitinides and honking, the runs and stomach protruding with alpha-glucosidase inhibitors.
An update on polycystic ovary syndrome: A review of the current state of knowledge in diagnosis, genetic etiology, and emerging treatment options; Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age, which is still incurable. However, the symptoms can be successfully managed with proper medication and lifestyle interventions. Despite its prevalence, little is known about its etiology. In this review article, the up-to-date diagnostic features and parameters recommended on the grounds of evidence-based data and different guidelines are explored. The ambiguity and insufficiency of data when diagnosing adolescent women have been put under special focus. We look at some of the most recent research done to establish relationships between different gene polymorphisms with polycystic ovary syndrome in various populations along with the underestimated impact of environmental factors like endocrine-disrupting chemicals on the reproductive health of these women. Furthermore, the article concludes with existing treatments options and the scopes for advancement in the near future. Various therapies have been considered as potential treatment through multiple randomized controlled studies, and clinical trials conducted over the years are described in this article. Standard therapies ranging from metformin to newly found alternatives based on vitamin D and gut microbiota could shine some light and guidance toward a permanent cure for this female reproductive health issue in the future.
Stepwise approach to continuous glucose monitoring interpretation for internists and family physicians; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) use has expanded rapidly in recent years among people with both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. In concert with the globally increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes, the majority of whom receive diabetes care from internists or family physicians rather than specialists, it is becoming increasingly incumbent upon physicians within internal medicine and family practice to interpret and utilize CGM data in real-world clinical practice. It is therefore of paramount importance that internists and family physicians have access to the tools which will enable them to (1) interpret CGM data, and (2) utilize CGM data to guide therapeutic modifications for their patients with type 2 diabetes. Given the limited amount of time available to internists and family physicians to address multiple complex topics in a typical office visit, a pragmatic, simple, and systematic approach to CGM interpretation is crucial. This article aims to provide internists and family physicians with a simplified and systematic approach to CGM interpretation that can be easily and efficiently implemented in a brief office visit.
Mathematical Analysis of the Healthcare Treatment of 215 Patients with Coronary Heart Disease; The main risk factors for CHD and the comorbidity include hyperlipidemia (HL), hypertension, smoking, dietary factors, and genetic factors. In this work, 215 patients with coronary heart disease, including 128 males and 87 females, were analyzed for a better understanding of the related clinical pharmacology. Nonparametric test, analysis of variance, chi-square test, correlation analysis, and other methods were used to sort out the data. From the analysis, there are significant differences in age among different gender samples. The incidence of coronary heart disease in men is five years younger than that in women. The sample pairs from different regions showed differences in the presence of family history of diabetes, indicating that a series of patients in some regions concentrated on the disease status of family history of diabetes. Age has a significant positive effect on cardiac functional classification. The older you are, the larger the cardiac functional classification is and the worse the cardiac function is. Age was negatively correlated with VTE score, diastolic blood pressure, CAR, TG, neutrophil, and TC. The older you are, the lower these six values are. Samples of different types of CHD showed significant differences in the presence of comorbidity and family history of CHD. The most significant are unstable angina pectoris and ischemic cardiomyopathy. Samples of different CHD types showed significant effects on VTE score, creatine kinase, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL⁃C), and lactate dehydrogenase. The highest lactate dehydrogenase is ischemic cardiomyopathy. The highest LDL cholesterol is ST-segment elevation angina. The highest creatine kinase is ischemic cardiomyopathy. The VTE score was the highest for ischemic cardiomyopathy, followed by non-ST-segment elevation angina. Samples taken with or without lipid-lowering drugs showed significant differences in lactate dehydrogenase, creatinine, and TC. There was a significant positive correlation between VTE scores and lactate dehydrogenase, myoglobin, and creatine kinase. High VTE score indicates high lactate dehydrogenase, myoglobin, and creatine kinase. TC has a significant positive correlation with HDL⁃C and TG, respectively. Higher TC values indicate higher HDL⁃C and TG values.
Value of PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting the prognosis of gestational diabetes mellitus: an observational study; The aim of this study was to investigate the potential of pregnancy-associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) and clinical data in predicting gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Clinical data of 318 pregnant women with GDM and 200 healthy pregnant women were retrospectively analysed. The age, BMI and caesarean section in GDM were significantly higher than in normal group. Serum and placental levels of PAPP-A were significantly lower in GDM than in normal group. Pearson’s correlation analysis showed that serum levels of PAPP-A were negatively correlated with BMI and blood glucose level. Binary logistic regression analysis displayed that PAPP-A were the potential factors influencing GDM. The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for PAPP-A combined with BMI in predicting GDM was 0.941, significantly higher than that of the single one. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? GDM not only increases the risk of perinatal morbidity, but also results in an increased risk of long-term sequelae for both mother and child including diabetes, cardiovascular disease obesity. Previous data indicate that besides glycemic control in the second trimester, interventions initiated early in pregnancy can reduce the rate of GDM in pregnant women. The expression of PAPP-A in serum of GDM pregnant women was decreased in the first trimester. Whereas, whether PAPP-A can be as an early predictor of GDM is not clear. What do the results of this study add? The present study shows that PAPP-A MoM was less than 0.6757 in the first trimester of pregnancy is more prone to GDM. The potential of PAPP-A in the first trimester is limited in predicting GDM. PAPP-A combined with BMI is highly conductive for predicting GDM. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Early GDM prediction is crucial for prevention and management of GDM, to cope with the rising prevalence of GDM and reduce later life chronic disease of both mother and child. Based on the level of PAPP-A MoM and BMI, interventions such as lifestyle changes initiated early in pregnancy shouldbeenabledin pregnant women.
Respiratory Distress in Late Preterm Neonates: An Experience From a Tertiary Care Hospital; Background and Aim: Respiratory distress is associated with significant morbidity and mortality in late preterm neonates compared with that in term neonates. There are only a few studies on respiratory distress in late preterm neonates. In this study, we aimed to determine the incidence, causes, and short-term outcomes of respiratory distress in late preterm neonates. Materials and Methods: This was a prospective, observational study conducted in a tertiary care hospital in North Karnataka (India). Late preterm neonates with respiratory distress admitted to the NICU were considered for the study. Neonates weighing > 2 kg were monitored using the Downes score, and the neonates weighing < 2 kg were monitored using the Silverman score. The short-term outcomes were determined based on the duration of assisted ventilation, duration of hospital stay, and mortality. Results: Of the 404 late preterm births, 80 neonates had respiratory distress, showing an incidence of 19.80%. The most common causes of respiratory distress were transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTNB; 32.50%) and respiratory distress syndrome (RDS; 30%). The other causes included perinatal asphyxia, congenital pneumonia, and meconium aspiration syndrome. The mortality rate was found to be 1.25%. In a maximum number of the neonates, the duration of the hospital stay was 1 to 2 weeks (61.25%). Respiratory distress was observed in a higher percentage of male neonates (65%) than that in the female neonates (35%). Conclusions: The incidence of respiratory distress in late preterm neonates was found to be high. TTNB and RDS were the most common causes of respiratory distress. Also, the risk of mortality due to respiratory distress in late preterm neonates is low. The decision to induce delivery in the late preterm period is crucial to the neonatal outcome. The benefits and risks of late preterm delivery must be weighed, as a prudent choice goes a long way in benefitting the neonate. Hence, prolonging pregnancy to at least 36 weeks will play a major role in reducing the severity of respiratory morbidity.
Echocardiography: an overview - part I; This review describes principles of echocardiography and Doppler, outlines the techniques of echo-Doppler studies, presents methods of assessment of pressure in the pulmonary artery, reviews methodology for appraisal of ventricular function, and demonstrates the usefulness of echo in evaluating multiple neonatal issues including distressed neonate, infant of a diabetic mother, tracheo-esophageal fistula, Down syndrome, and cardiomegaly.
IDENTIFIABLE CARDIOMETABOLIC RISK FACTORS CAN PREDICT SUBCLINICAL ATHEROSLEROSIS PROGRESSION IN OBESE CHILDREN WHEN CORRELATED TO CAROTID INTIMA-MEDIA THICKNESS MEASUREMENT; Objectives: Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT), a marker of endothelial distress, is recognized as a predictor of atherosclerotic progression in obese children [1,2]. Multiple risk factors act as additional precipitant causes of atherosclerosis [3,4,5]. The assessment of these risk factor can offer a better understanding of the patient's cardiometabolic status and a better prediction of overall cardiometabolic risk in adulthood. Aim: To assess the impact of obesity on CIMT and how it correlates to identifiable genetic and epigenetic risk factors. Materials: We analyzed 60 patients aged 6–18 years old by measuring their CIMT using the Aixplorer MACH 30 echography machine automatic measurement software (SuperSonic Imagine, Aix-en-Provence, France). Three study groups were defined, depending on the severity of weight excess: obese and overweight, and normal-weight patients as controls. We performed a clinical examination (weight, height, waist circumference, and blood pressure measurements) and a targeted anamnesis to detect the presence of certain risk factors: postnatal nutrition (breastfed/formula-fed), birth weight (<2500 g/>3500 g/normal weight), pregnancy-associated risk factors (no pathology/>20 kg surplus/gestational diabetes/gestational hypertension/autoimmune thyroiditis/smoking during pregnancy), family history (no pathologies/obesity/dyslipidemia/type 2 diabetes/coronary disease/stroke/autoimmune thyroiditis), smoking during pregnancy (yes/no), smoking by the patient (yes/no), and physical activity (normal/sedentary). Results: CIMT values are significantly higher in older children and boys. Over 20 kg weight gain during pregnancy and other at-risk disorders during pregnancy (p=0.047), family history of cardiovascular risk (p=0.049), hypertension (p=0.012), and smoking (p=0.015) are linked to increased CIMT. Artificial postnatal nutrition, high/low birth weight, and sedentary lifestyle are linked to increased CIMT. Conclusions: Weight excess in children is associated with increased values of CIMT, and the severity of the excess increases the expected values of CIMT. Risk factors like weight gain of over 20 kg during pregnancy and overall metabolic disturbances of the mother, family history of cardiovascular risk, high blood pressure, and smoking are linked to increased CIMT.
The Determinants of Adolescent Glycolipid Metabolism Disorder: A Cohort Study; Background. The increased prevalence of glycolipid metabolism disorders (GLMD) in childhood and adolescents has a well-established association with adult type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases; therefore, determinants of GLMD need to be evaluated during this period. Objectives. To explore the prevalence of and risk factors for GLMD from the prenatal period through childhood and adolescence. Methods. A bidirectional cohort study which was established in 2014 and followed between March 1 and July 20, 2019, was used to illustrate the impact factors for GLMD. Stratified cluster sampling in urban-rural areas was used to include subjects from four communities in Chongqing. 2808 healthy children aged between 6 and 9 years in 2014 entered the cohort in 2014 and followed in 2019 with a follow-up rate of 70%. 2,136 samples (aged 11.68 ± 0.60 years) were included. Results. The prevalence rates of insulin resistance (IR), prediabetes/diabetes, and dyslipidemia were 21.02%, 7.19%, and 21.61%, respectively. Subjects with an urban residence, no pubertal development, dyslipidemia in 2014, higher family income, and higher parental education had significantly elevated fasting insulin (FI) or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) levels; subjects with female sex, no pubertal development, dyslipidemia in 2014, obesity, gestational hypertension, maternal weight gain above Institute of Medicine guidelines, and single parents had increased triglyceride or triglyceride/high-density lipoprotein (HDL). Adolescents with rural residence had higher HbA1c level. Conclusion. We observed that the prevalence of GLMD was high in childhood and adolescents, and rural-urban areas, sex, pubertal development, dyslipidemia in a younger age, maternal obesity, and hypertension were associated with increased GLMD risk, suggesting that implementing the community-family intervention to improve the GLMD of children is essential.
Neurodevelopmental Risk Factors in Premature Babies; Introduction: In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the prenatal, natal and postnatal risk factors that premature babies may encounter and to determine the risk factors affecting this situation in babies with neurodevelopmental retardation. Materials and Methods: In this study, between February 2009 and February 2011, the files of 107 patients (53 girls, 54 boys) which were born before 37 weeks of gestation and continued their outpatient clinic controls in Dr. Behçet Uz Pediatrics Health and Surgery Training and Research Hospital were retrospectively scanned. Neurological examination, cranial MR (magnetic resonance imaging) and Bayley test results of the cases were evaluated. Results: In cases with pathological neurological examination; convulsions (p=0.02), hyperbilirubinemia (p=0.02) and cranial MR pathology (p=0.05) were more common, the increase in head circumference and weight gain in the 4th week were less. With cranial MR pathology; week of gestation (p=0.05), 5th minute APGAR score (p=0.00), gestational diabetes (p=0.01), PDA (patent ductus arteriosus) closure treatment (p=0.02), sepsis (p=0.01), convulsion (p=0.03), anemia (p=0.01), and grade 3 and higher intracranial bleeding (p=0.00) were found to be significantly correlated. When the Bayley test is evaluated; it was determined that those who underwent mechanical ventilation, those who were administered surfactant, those who had convulsions, those with pathological neurological examination, those with EEG (electroencephalography) pathology, and those who remained in the intensive care unit had lower scores (p<0.05). In addition, with the increase in head circumference in the 2nd month, the 6th month psychomotor development index (PDI) score increased in the patients, and the 12th month PDI also increased with the increase in the APGAR score (r>0.5 and p<0.05). Conclusions: In the neurodevelopmental follow-up of premature babies, the presence of gestational diabetes, low weight gain and a reduce in head circumference growth, sepsis, anemia, and a low 5th minute APGAR score were found to be important risk factors, it is important to protect babies from these risk factors for improved neurological development.
Adverse outcomes associated with twin pregnancies conceived via in vitro fertilization; Objective: To compare adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in twin pregnancies conceived by in vitro fertilization (IVF) to those conceived spontaneously. Methods: Retrospective analysis of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Natality Live Birth database for the years 2016–2019. All twin live births were included and stratified into two groups: those from pregnancies conceived via IVF and those from pregnancies conceived spontaneously. The incidence of several adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes were compared between the two groups. Statistical analysis included multivariable logistic regression to adjust for the following potential confounders: maternal age, race/ethnicity, body mass index, education level, type of medical insurance, chronic hypertension, pregestational diabetes, and prior preterm birth. Data were presented as adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Twin live births from pregnancies conceived via IVF comprised 9.5% of the study cohort (39,356 of 415,560). Baseline characteristics varied significantly between IVF and spontaneously conceived twins. After adjusting for these variables, IVF in twins was associated with an increased risk of multiple adverse outcomes including gestational diabetes (aOR = 1.35, 95% CI = 1.30–1.39), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (aOR = 1.70, 95% CI = 1.65–1.75), preterm birth prior to 28 weeks (aOR = 1.53, 95% CI = 1.43–1.63), maternal intensive care unit admission (aOR = 2.03, 95% CI = 1.79–2.31), maternal blood transfusion (aOR = 2.97, 95% CI = 2.75–3.20), unplanned hysterectomy (aOR = 3.37, 95% CI = 2.73–4.16), and prolonged ventilation in newborns (aOR = 1.76, 95% CI = 1.69–1.82), compared to spontaneously conceived twin pregnancies. Conclusions: Based on this large United States population-based cohort, twin pregnancies conceived via IVF represent a subgroup of twins that have an increased risk for several adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes, compared to those conceived spontaneously. With increased contemporary utilization of IVF, obstetricians should consider these risks while caring for patients with twin pregnancies conceived via IVF.
Extreme fetal macrosomia at 42 gestational weeks: A case report and literature review; Objectives: Fetal macrosomia is a term to describe excessive fetal birth weight. Fetal macrosomia is strongly associated with adverse obstetrical outcome. Case presentation: We report a rare case of excessive neonatal weight in a medically unsupervised pregnancy and give a literature review on this significant subject. A 38 year-old woman (Gravida 8 Para 7) presented herself at 42 2/7 weeks of gestation at the labor ward. The pregnancy had not been supervised medically. Labor induction was initiated. Due to failure to progress and suspicion of a disproportion of the fetal head and maternal pelvis an urgent caesarean section was performed. A morbidly macrosomic male infant was delivered (birth weight: 6,760 g [>99. percentile], length: 60 cm [>99. percentile]). Conclusions: The morbidity for infants and women increases with a birth weight exceeding 4,500 g. Gestational diabetes mellitus, a high pre-pregnancy body mass index and excessive gestational weight gain have been independently associated as risk factors. The increase in pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes emphasizes the necessity of evidence-based clinical interventions to prevent or reduce these diseases. If prenatal care is not frequented by mothers-to-be there are no options open for obstetricians to detect fetal macrosomia and to intervene.
First-Trimester Triglyceride-Glucose Index and Risk of Pregnancy-Related Complications: A Prospective Birth Cohort Study in Southeast China; Purpose: To evaluate the relationships of the triglyceride-glucose (TyG) index with pregnancy-related complications (PRCs) and to clarify the predictability of the TyG index for PRCs. Patients and Methods: Totally of 11,387 women with a singleton pregnancy were prospectively followed until after delivery. Maternal fasting lipids and glucose concentration were measured in the first trimester (11 weeks gestation on average). The TyG index was calculated as ln [triglyceride (mg/dL) × fasting plasma glucose (mg/dL)/2]. We used generalized linear models to calculate the relative risks and 95% confidence intervals. Receiver-operating characteristic curve analysis was employed to assess the ability of the TyG index to predict the risks of PRCs. Results: Smooth spline reveals that the probability of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is intensified with the increasing TyG index. Multivariate logistic regression adjusted for risk factors demonstrates a 1-unit and a 1-SD increment in the TyG index raises the risk of GDM by 3.63 and 1.57 times, respectively. Identically, the risk of GDM maximizes in the TyG quintile 5 (OR: 3.14; 95% CI: 2.55~3.85) relative to the lowest TyG index group. However, no association between TyG index and the risk of other PRCs was observed after full adjustment. The area under receiver operating characteristic curves is 0.647 (95% CI: 0.632–0.66) for GDM, and the optimal predictive cut-off is 8.55, with a specificity of 0.679 and sensitivity of 0.535. Conclusion: The first-trimester TyG index is significantly associated with the risk of incident GDM, while the relationships between the TyG index and other PRCs need further exploration.
The Association Between Severity of Anemia During Pregnancy and Severe Maternal Outcomes: A Retrospective Cohort Study; Purpose: Anemia is a worldwide common condition during pregnancy, conferring a number of health risks to mothers. However, very little is known about the association between severity of anemia and severe maternal outcomes. This study aimed to assess the association between severity of anemia during pregnancy and the risk of severe maternal outcomes. Patients and Methods: This retrospective cohort study was based on data from China’s National Maternal Near Miss Surveillance System for the period 2017–2018, which included 18 hospitals in southern China. Pregnant women admitted for delivery were divided into 4 groups based on severity of anemia during pregnancy: no anemia, mild anemia, moderate anemia, and severe anemia groups. Severe maternal outcomes were a composite of life-threatening conditions (ie, organ dysfunction) as defined by the WHO criteria, occurring at any time after admission until discharge or death. Modified Poisson regression analyses and propensity score-weighted regression analyses were used to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of severe maternal outcomes among women with anemia of varying severity during pregnancy. Results: The incidence of severe maternal outcomes was 0.3% (417/138,556) in total, and the rates were 0.1% (85/99,755), 0.2% (30/ 18,502), 1.2% (234/19,697) and 11.3% (68/602) in no anemia, mild anemia, moderate anemia and severe anemia group, respectively. Compared with no anemia, the adjusted RR for severe maternal outcomes was 4.19 (95% CI, 3.20–5.50) in moderate anemia group and 22.12 (95% CI, 15.43–31.69) in severe anemia group; the weighted RR was 1.01 (95% CI, 1.01–1.01) in moderate anemia group and 1.11 (95% CI, 1.07–1.14) in severe anemia group. Conclusion: Moderate to severe anemia during pregnancy was independently associated with an increased risk of severe maternal outcomes. Maternal health care providers and pregnant women themselves should give more attention to the prevention and treatment of anemia during pregnancy, especially moderate to severe anemia.
The Successful Anesthetic Management of a Cesarean Delivery in a Patient with Fanconi-Bickel Syndrome; Introduction. Fanconi-Bickel syndrome (FBS) is a rare genetic condition characterized by extremely short stature, renal tubular dysfunction, osteoporosis, and rickets. The literature is scant regarding the successful reproduction of women with FBS. Cesarean delivery is indicated due to the risk of pelvic fracture from vaginal delivery in a patient with FBS and rickets, yet no case describing the anesthetic has been reported. Clinical Findings. We present a 39-inch-tall, 46.47 kg/m2 BMI woman with FBS who was scheduled for cesarean delivery and requesting neuraxial anesthesia. A low-dose, combined spinal-epidural technique (CSE) was employed to account for her extreme short stature yet allow for additional dosing if needed. The cesarean delivery, hospital course, and follow-up were all uneventful. Conclusion. A single case of an FBS patient's successful pregnancy was previously reported in the literature without describing the anesthetic technique. Our case is unique in that it is the first case in the literature that we are aware of describing the anesthetic technique. This case may provide a template for clinicians treating FBS patients and patients with extremely short stature.
Sex differences in neurovascular disorders; Neurovascular disorders is a heterogenous group of diseases, including one of the most time critical disorders in emergency medicine; stroke. Sex differences are extensively described in neurovascular disorders, ranging from differences in symptom presentation, risk factors, treatment and outcomes. For example, women with stroke, more often present with generalized weakness, reduced consciousness and headache than men. Furthermore, there are differences in risk factors, outcomes and in the effect of secondary prevention. Women have a higher risk of cerebral venous thrombosis and developing cerebral aneurysms. In general, women have been underrepresented in trials on neurovascular disorders. This chapter provides an extensive overview of sex differences in stroke in general and in the differences specially seen in ischemic stroke, intracerebral hemorrhage, subarachnoid hemorrhage and in cerebral venous thrombosis.
A Complex Case of Pregnancy-related Left Main Stem Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is a less common cause of acute coronary syndrome. Pregnancy-related SCAD is uncommon, but often presents with a more severe phenotype. This report describes a 30-year-old woman with an anterior ST elevation MI, presenting 1 day postpartum. Left main stem (LMS) SCAD with extensive intramural haematoma (IMH) and resultant LMS occlusion was confirmed by angiography and intravascular imaging. Given the extent of disease, the patient underwent emergency cardiac surgery. Coronary flow was initially improved by decompressing the IMH using cutting balloons. The coronary wires were successfully left in situ during transfer in an effort to both maintain flow and allow the surgeon to identify true LMS. Ideally, SCAD can be managed conservatively given the risk of intervention worsening IMH, and hence myocardial ischaemia/MI. However, emergency revascularisation is indicated in cases of persistent ischaemia. This case demonstrates percutaneous therapies to bridge towards and help with subsequent surgical revascularisation.
Exercise-Diet Therapy Combined with Insulin Aspart Injection for the Treatment of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Study on Clinical Effect and Its Impact; Objective. To explore the clinical effect and impact of exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. The objects of study were patients with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and 62 patients with GDM who were diagnosed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and insulin release test from February 2017 to February 2019. According to the severity of the disease, enrolled patients were informed to have appropriate exercise and diet control or Insulin Aspart Injection on this basis until the completion of delivery. By using 50 pregnant women with normal glucose as the control, the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), 1-hour postprandial glucose (1hPG), 2-hour postprandial glucose (2hPG), nocturnal glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were compared between the PGDM group and the GDM group before and after treatment; besides, further comparison was made in terms of glucose compliance rate, islet B-cell secretory function, and insulin resistance after treatment. The pregnant women were examined by B-ultrasound at 24 and 26 weeks of gestation to check if the fetus had abnormalities in the central nervous system and the heart. Further B-ultrasound examination was performed at 32 and 37 weeks of gestation to check the problems such as polyhydramnios and stillbirth. In addition, a comparative analysis was carried out in terms of the adverse pregnancy outcomes and complications, associated with the comparison of the results after treatment with control group. Results. After treatment, the levels of FPG, 1hPG, 2hPG, nocturnal glucose, and HbA1c were decreased in the PGDM group and GDM group than those before treatment, especially in the GDM group, with significant difference still when compared with the control group (P<0.05). Statistical analysis revealed that the blood glucose compliance rate in the GDM group was higher than that in the PGDM group, showing a better therapeutic effect. Fasting insulin (FINS) and homeostasis model assessment index for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in control group, but lower than those in the PGDM group (P<0.01), while the level of HOMA-β was lower in the GDM group than that in the control group and higher than that in PGDM (P<0.01). Further ultrasound examination revealed the presence of fetal cardiac abnormality, polyhydramnios, stillbirth, and problems, showing a higher incidence in the PGDM group but almost nonexistence in the control group. In addition, the incidence of hypertension, macrosomia, premature rupture of membranes, postpartum hemorrhage, and infection were obviously higher in the PGDM group than those in the GDM group and control group (P<0.05). Conclusion. Exercise-diet therapy combined with Insulin Aspart Injection can effectively control the blood glucose level of pregnant patients with GDM, improve the pregnancy outcome to a certain extent, and ensure the health of pregnant women and fetus, which is worthy of clinical application.
A SUCCESSFUL PREGNANCY OUTCOME IN AN INFERTILE WOMAN WITH TUBERCULAR CONSTRICTIVE PERICARDITIS; Pericardial diseases during pregnancy are sporadic; however, proper diagnosis and management are crucial for the successful outcome of the pregnancy. It is often difficult to diagnose due to low clinical suspicion and high mortality. This case is presented as an infertile woman who underwent pericardiectomy for tubercular pericarditis, conceived spontaneously and had a successful pregnancy outcome even after recurrent episodes of pericarditis. The general outcome of patients with recurrent pericarditis is good, especially when multidisciplinary teams manage patients in tertiary settings.
The prenatal causes of slight lateral ventricular enlargement in infants treated in a neonatal intensive care unit; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine the prenatal causes of slight lateral ventricular enlargement in infants treated in a neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: We examined 318 infants with a gestational age of at least 28 weeks who were treated in a neonatal intensive care unit. We investigated the relationships between slight lateral ventricular enlargement and prenatal factors. Also, we investigated the relationships between the laterality of lateral ventricular enlargement and arm growth to verify our proposed mechanism of lateral ventricular enlargement. Results: Slight lateral ventricular enlargement was observed in 97 (30.5%) infants. Slight lateral ventricular enlargement was related to gestational age (p <.001), maternal anemia (p =.025), diabetes mellitus (p =.048), threatened premature labor (p =.027), and premature rupture of the membrane (p =.049). In 97 infants with ventricular enlargement, the numbers of infants with left-side dominant, equivalent, and right-side dominant laterality were 60 (61.9%), 27 (27.8%), and 10 (10.3%), respectively. Maternal anemia and diabetes mellitus were related to left-side dominant ventricular enlargement. Threatened premature labor and premature rupture of the membrane were related to right-side dominance. The laterality of lateral ventricular enlargement was not relate to that of the arm growth. Conclusions: We propose that the main cause of slight lateral ventricular enlargement may not be malnutrition but instead may be hypoxic stress in utero.
UHPLC-MS/MS-Based Metabolomics and Clinical Phenotypes Analysis Reveal Broad-Scale Perturbations in Early Pregnancy Related to Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disturbance during pregnancy, with adverse effects on both mother and fetus. The establishment of early diagnosis and risk assessment model is of great significance for preventing and reducing adverse outcomes of GDM. In this study, the broad-scale perturbations related to GDM were explored through the integration analysis of metabolic and clinical phenotypes. Maternal serum samples from the first trimester were collected for targeted metabolomics analysis by using ultra-high performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (UHPLC-MS/MS). Statistical analysis was conducted based on the levels of the 184 metabolites and 76 clinical indicators from GDM women (n =60) and matched healthy controls (n =90). Metabolomics analysis revealed the down-regulation of fatty acid oxidation in the first trimester of GDM women, which was supposed to be related to the low serum level of dehydroepiandrosterone.While the significantly altered clinical phenotypes were mainly related to the increased risk of cardiovascular disease, abnormal iron metabolism, and inflammation. A phenotype panel established from the significantly changed serum indicators can be used for the early prediction of GDM, with the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (ROC) 0.83. High serum uric acid and C-reaction protein levels were risk factors for GDM independent of body mass indexes, with ORs 4.76 (95% CI: 2.08-10.90) and 3.10 (95% CI: 1.38-6.96), respectively. Predictive phenotype panel of GDM, together with the risk factors of GDM, will provide novel perspectives for the early clinical warning and diagnosis of GDM.
Early Assessment of Cardiac Function by Echocardiography in Patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective. To offer a baseline for clinical diagnosis, echocardiography was performed to evaluate the disparities in heart function comparing pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (GDM) and ordinary pregnant women. Methods. A prospective case-control study is being conducted on pregnant women with or without gestational diabetes. The sample size for both the intervention and control groups is the same: no diabetes diagnosis or previous forms, a single pregnancy, and no issues (such as preeclampsia or fetal growth restriction). The females were all subjected to routine echocardiograms to examine the morphology and function of their left and right hearts. Results. In the research, 51 women with GDM and 50 healthy controls volunteered. Women with GDM had a significantly higher heartrate (82±9 vs. 74±8), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.39±0.06 vs. 0.31±0.07; P<0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.79±0.14 vs. 0.72±0.13 m/s; P=0.031), and LV late diastolic implementing regulations valve velocity (0.6). Speckle-tracking analysis showed significant decrease in LV right ventricular (RV). A study indicated a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (59±9 vs. 68 ± 12 ms; P=0.001), RV E/A ratio (1.21±0.19 vs. 1.31±0.31; P=0.022), and a greater RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.17±0.03 vs. 0.12±0.03; P=0.023). Conclusions. Our results revealed that the heart function of diabetic pregnant women differed considerably from that of the control group, such as LV-RWT, LV diastolic transmitral valve speed, and LV late diastolic transmitral valve speed. Given these results, further research into the postpartum cardiovascular healing of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus is required.
Detection of Cardiac Functions of Fetus with Diabetic Metabolic Disease through PEG-PCLNano Micelle and Ultrasound Technique; The study was to probe into the application of ultrasound technique in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and research the progress of PEG-PCL nano micelle and ultrasound technique. Method: 210 patients with a singleton pregnancy fetus, who received the fetal echocardiography in Yuhang District First People's Hospital from March 2019 to March 2020, were selected as the subjects, including 101 fetuses who were confirmed as gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM), and 109 normal fetuses (control group). The ultrasound cardiogram technique was employed to detect the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, mitral/tricuspid annular displacement, left/right TEI indexes, and so on. The mean value of three cardiac cycles was taken as the test results. Finally, SPSS17.0 software was applied to the analysis of data. The nano micelle was made from the amphiphilic block copolymers (PEG-PCL) using the dialysis method/solvent evaporation method. The nanoscale ultrasound contrast agent was prepared from Decafluoropentane which was imaging gas. The characterizations were studied using the optical microscope, and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The temperature sensitivity and ultrasound sensitivity of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent were analyzed with the particle size as the evaluation index. The in-vitro ultrasound contrast experiment was conducted to study the contrast-enhanced effect. Results: The fetal Tei index of the case group was higher than that of the control group, of which P<0.05 had statistical significance. However, the thickness of the fetus ventricle septum, Em, Am, and Em/Am of mitral/tricuspid annular were not significantly different from those of the control group (P>0.05). The nano ultrasonic contrast agent prepared through the ultrasonic injection method had a uniform particle size and a hollow shell-core structure under an electron projection microscope. The particle size of the nano-ultrasound contrast agent varied with temperature, and its microbubbles were generated under ultrasonic conditions. As compared with the blank degassed water group, a real linear echo appeared inside the contrast agent group, with small and even echo spots. The back echo remained with no obvious attenuation and lasted for a longer period. However, the blank degassed group had no distinct echo intensity and spot. Conclusion: PEG-PCL nano-ultrasound contrast agent achieved an excellent imaging effect; there was no obvious change to heart function and structure of the fetus, when gestational diabetes pregnant had blood sugar perfectly controlled, however, the fetus’s heart function may change in the last trimester.
Clinical course and long-term follow-up of a preterm infant with non-fatal respiratory distress syndrome due to heterozygous ABCA3 gene mutation: A case report and review of literature; BACKGROUND: Adenosine triphosphate-binding cassette transporter A3 (ABCA3) mutations are recognized as a congenital cause of surfactant deficiency. Clinical presentations of such mutations are largely variable. There are many mutations of the ABCA3 gene, of which, p.E292V is the most common. Despite being the most common ABCA3 gene mutation, there is limited literature on extra pulmonary and long-term outcomes of the affected infants. CASE: We present the case of a Caucasian male infant born at 32 weeks gestation that developed severe respiratory distress shortly after birth, and review published case reports and case series of infants affected with this gene mutation. He was found to have a heterozygous missense mutation p.E292V of ABCA3 resulting in a chronic lung disease. He required multiple courses of systemic and inhalational steroids. He developed supraventricular tachycardia (SVT), feeding problems and hypotonia during his prolonged hospital stay. He demonstrated mild neurodevelopmental delays on follow up at 18 months of age. The chronic lung disease improved over the first 2 years of life. He continued to have feeding difficulties and supraventricular tachycardia at nearly 2 years of age. CONCLUSION: The infant's SVT may be associated with this ABCA3 variant. Further long-term follow-up studies are needed to better characterize extrapulmonary manifestations of this ABCA3 mutation.
Sex differences in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction: From traditional risk factors to sex-specific risk factors; Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction has a higher prevalence in women versus men. There are several proposed mechanisms to explain this sex discrepancy including differences in cardiovascular adaptation to comorbidities and potential underlying etiologic mechanisms. In this review, we summarize sex differences in traditional risk factors, such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease, which contribute to the development of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women. Furthermore, we explore female-specific risk factors, such as sex hormones, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and other reproductive factors, which may explain the predominance of heart failure with preserved ejection fraction in women. Beyond sex differences in risk factors, there are also significant sex differences in outcomes with women reporting lower quality of life but overall better survival versus men. Finally, while treatment options for patients with heart failure with preserved ejection fraction are still limited, sex differences have also been reported for the available therapies, with suggestion of preferential benefit of specific heart failure with preserved ejection fraction therapies in women. Further work is required to better understand sex differences in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, including deeper understanding of pathophysiological mechanisms, derivation of more accurate risk stratification models, and increased representation of women in clinical trials.
Stacking Ensemble Method for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Prediction in Chinese Pregnant Women: A Prospective Cohort Study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely related to adverse pregnancy outcomes and other diseases. Early intervention in pregnant women who are at high risk of developing GDM could help prevent adverse health consequences. The study aims to develop a simple model using the stacking ensemble method to predict GDM for women in the first trimester based on easily available factors. We used the data from the Chinese Pregnant Women Cohort Study from July 2017 to November 2018. A total of 6,848 pregnant women in the first trimester were included in the analysis. Logistic regression (LR), random forest (RF), and extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) were considered as base learners. Optimal feature subsets for each learner were chosen by using recursive feature elimination cross-validation. Then, we built a pipeline to process imbalance data, tune hyperparameters, and evaluate model performance. The learners with the best hyperparameters were employed in the first layer of the proposed stacking method. Their predictions were obtained using optimal feature subsets and served as meta-learner's inputs. Another LR was used as a meta-learner to obtain the final prediction results. Accuracy, specificity, error rate, and other metrics were calculated to evaluate the performance of the models. A paired samples t-test was performed to compare the model performance. In total, 967 (14.12%) women developed GDM. For base learners, the RF model had the highest accuracy (0.638 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.628-0.648)) and specificity (0.683 (0.669-0.698)) and lowest error rate (0.362 (0.352-0.372)). The stacking method effectively improved the accuracy (0.666 (95% CI 0.663-0.670)) and specificity (0.725 (0.721-0.729)) and decreased the error rate (0.333 (0.330-0.337)). The differences in the performance between the stacking method and RF were statistically significant. Our proposed stacking method based on easily available factors has better performance than other learners such as RF.
Effects of BPA substitutes on the prenatal and cardiovascular systems; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a ubiquitous chemical compound constantly being released into the environment, making it one of the most persistent endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) in nature. This EDC has already been associated with developing various pathologies, such as diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular, renal, and behavioral complications, among others. Therefore, over the years, BPA has been replaced, gradually, by its analog compounds. However, these compounds are structurally similar to BPA, so, in recent years, questions have been raised concerning their safety for human health. Numerous investigations have been performed to determine the effects BPA substitutes may cause, particularly during pregnancy and prenatal life. On the other hand, studies investigating the association of these compounds with the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) have been developed. In this sense, this review summarizes the existing literature on the transgenerational transfer of BPA substitutes and the consequent effects on maternal and offspring health following prenatal exposure. In addition, these compounds’ effects on the cardiovascular system and the susceptibility to develop CVD will be presented. Therefore, this review aims to highlight the need to investigate further the safety and benefits, or hazards, associated with replacing BPA with its analogs.
A Comparative Study of Levetiracetam and Phenobarbital for Neonatal Seizures as a First Line Treatment; Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the use of intravenous levetiracetam as the first-line treatment of neonatal seizures compared with phenobarbital. Methods: The study was conducted on 104 neonates (0-28 days) with clinical seizures after inclusion criteria. They were assigned in equal ratio into 2 groups; 1 included neonates who received phenobarbitone, and the other included neonates who received levetiracetam. Neonates were loaded with 20 mg/kg of intravenous drug-A (phenobarbitone) or drug-B (levetiracetam). In persistent seizures, a second loading dose of the same drug was given. Crossover to other drugs occurred if seizures persisted after the second dose of the same drug. The proportion of neonates who achieved cessation of seizures following the first or second loading dose of either drug-A or drug-B (PB or LEV) was the main outcome measure provided that they remained free of seizure for the following 24 hours. Results: After 1 or 2 doses of Levetiracatam or Phenobarbitone, clinical seizures stopped (and remained seizure-free for 24 hours) in 41 (78.84%) and 34 (65.38%) patients, respectively (P =.01). Neonates in the LEV group showed better seizure control than neonates in the PB group (RR = 0.57; 95% CI (0.17, 0.80). We did not report any adverse drug reactions in the LEV group. However, 12 (23.07%) neonates developed adverse drug reactions in the PB Group. Conclusion: Levetiracetam is considered an effective and safe drug as a first-line AED in neonatal seizures.
Profound Effect of Pulmonary Surfactant on the Treatment of Preterm Infants with Respiratory Distress Syndrome; Inherited diseases caused by dysfunction of pulmonary surfactant metabolism or surfactant dysfunction have recently been considered the underlying causes of neonatal and pediatric respiratory diseases. Respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants is a common respiratory disease in pediatrics. It is caused by underdeveloped lungs in infants and a lack of active substances on the surface of the alveoli, which leads to insufficiency of lung function, which can lead to difficulty breathing, increased heart rate, facial bruising, and more. Neonatal Respiratory Distress Syndrome is a very dangerous disease with a high mortality rate and a great threat to children's lives and health. Therefore, enough attention and treatment should be caused in clinical practice. Natural pulmonary surfactant (PS) has achieved positive effects in the treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), reducing neonatal mortality, the application of mechanical ventilation, and the occurrence of late complications. To further explore the role of pulmonary surfactants in the treatment of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, to analyze the best time to use PS to prevent RDS, this paper has selected premature infants with RDS received by the neonatal department of a hospital in a province from March 2019 to October 2020 to compare the efficacy of pulmonary surfactant (PS) in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS). The experiment has found that the average mechanical ventilation time (5.1 d) and oxygen therapy time (7.3 d) in the early group are shorter than the average mechanical ventilation time (6.4 d) and oxygen therapy time (10.6 d) in the late group. It has been demonstrated that early administration of pulmonary surfactant (PS) therapy is of great help in improving respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants.
Familial hypercholesterolemia - treatment update in children, systematic review; Familial hypercholesterolaemia is one of the most common genetic diseases, and its first symptoms occur in childhood. Proper diagnosis and treatment prevent young patients from severe consequences in their future. The treatment of this dyslipidaemia is still evolving, and new promising agents are being discovered. In this review we summarize the old and new treatment methods of familial hypercholesterolaemia, giving an update estimated on the latest publications.
Cardiac Troponin T in Neonates from Normal and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Pregnancy; This study is aimed at testing the hypothesis that serum analysis of high-sensitivity troponin T in neonates may serve as a diagnostic tool to predict the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). 86 newborns were studied and stratified into two groups: healthy group; newborns with body weight≥10th percentile, born in good condition (APG 8-10pts) of pregnancy not complicated by diabetes, and the GDM group; neonates born to mothers with type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Results. The study revealed minimal troponin levels in GDM, and healthy groups equal to 0.02 ng/mL and 0.028 ng/mL, respectively. The GDM group is defined by an interquartile range of hs-TnT higher than the healthy group. This study confirms previously reported upper levels of troponin in healthy children. There are possible health problems that can appear during infancy and influence the further development of a child affected by GDM.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases: systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: To quantify the risk of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases as well as venous thromboembolism in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Design: Systematic review and meta-analyses. Data sources: PubMed, Embase, and the Cochrane Library from inception to 1 November 2021 and updated on 26 May 2022. Review methods: Observational studies reporting the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and incident cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases were eligible. Data, pooled by random effects models, are presented as risk ratios (95% confidence intervals). Certainty of evidence was appraised by the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluations. Results: 15 studies rated as moderate or serious risk of bias were included. Of 513 324 women with gestational diabetes mellitus, 9507 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Of more than eight million control women without gestational diabetes, 78 895 had cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Compared with women without gestational diabetes mellitus, women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus showed a 45% increased risk of overall cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases (risk ratio 1.45, 95% confidence interval 1.36 to 1.53), 72% for cardiovascular diseases (1.72, 1.40 to 2.11), and 40% for cerebrovascular diseases (1.40, 1.29 to 1.51). Women with gestational diabetes mellitus showed increased risks of incident coronary artery diseases (1.40, 1.18 to 1.65), myocardial infarction (1.74, 1.37 to 2.20), heart failure (1.62, 1.29 to 2.05), angina pectoris (2.27, 1.79 to 2.87), cardiovascular procedures (1.87, 1.34 to 2.62), stroke (1.45, 1.29 to 1.63), and ischaemic stroke (1.49, 1.29 to 1.71). The risk of venous thromboembolism was observed to increase by 28% in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (1.28, 1.13 to 1.46). Subgroup analyses of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease outcomes stratified by study characteristics and adjustments showed significant differences by region (P=0.078), study design (P=0.02), source of data (P=0.005), and study quality (P=0.04), adjustment for smoking (P=0.03), body mass index (P=0.01), and socioeconomic status (P=0.006), and comorbidities (P=0.05). The risk of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases was, however, attenuated but remained significant when restricted to women who did not develop subsequent overt diabetes (all gestational diabetes mellitus: 1.45, 1.33 to 1.59, gestational diabetes mellitus without subsequent diabetes: 1.09, 1.06 to 1.13). Certainty of evidence was judged as low or very low quality. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risks of overall and type specific cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that cannot be solely attributed to conventional cardiovascular risk factors or subsequent diabetes.
Clinical correlation between volume of placental lakes and non-reassuring fetal status: a retrospective cohort study; – OBJECTIVE: This study evaluated the correlation between placental lakes and non-reassuring fetal status. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: We analyzed data from pregnant women who underwent fetal echocardiography at the Fujian Maternity and Child Health Hospital. Women with singleton pregnancies at a gestational age of 20-24weeks were included. Sociodemographic and clinical data were collected. Pregnant women with (case group) and without (control group) placental lakes were screened, and their placental Doppler ultrasound data and pregnancy outcome were recorded. Univariate and multivariable analyses were done to evaluate the correlation between the volume of placental lakes and the non-reassuring fetal status. RESULTS: A total of 1,728 pregnant women (156 with placental lakes) were included in this study. There were no significant differences in age of delivery and BMI between the pregnant women with placental lakes and the control group. The non-reassuring fetal status rate in the case group was higher than that in the control population, without statistical significance (5.8% vs. 3.5%, p=0.226). Subgroup analysis showed that a higher volume of placental lakes was positively associated with non-reassuring fetal status risk, with an odds ratio (OR) (95% CI) of 1.90 (1.29-2.66) (p for trend < 0.001). This positive correlation persisted even after adjustment for confounding factors. CONCLUSIONS: Taken together, our analyses demonstrated a graded increase in the non-reassuring fetal status rate with increased volume of placental lakes. Thus, robust clinical monitoring of placental lakes would help in timely detection of non-reassuring fetal status.
Studying the Increased Risks of COVID-19 in Obese Pregnant Women in Tikrit City; Background: It was not known whether pregnant women with (COVID-19) were at greater risk for maternal morbidities and adverse obstetric outcomes, and if pregnancy associated with obesity will have greater risk in case of infection with COVID-19.Patients and Methods: A cross sectional study was carried out in Salah Al-Deen General Hospital/Gynecology and Obstetrics Department in Tikrit City, during period (1st Jan-12th June 2022). A convenient sample of 62 pregnant women infected with COVID19. Data collection done through a questionnaire included demographic, obstetrical, and medical information. Laboratory investigation, included Real Time-Polymerase Chain Reaction, levels of hemoglobin, serum ferritin, C-reactive protein, complete blood count, IgG, IgM, D-dimer, and lactate dehydrogenase. Results: Normal body Mass Index found among (44%) of the patient followed by obese (29%), and overweight (27%). Most of the patient had COVID-19 of mild severity (58.1%), followed by moderate (29%) and sever (12.9%). Respiratory rate was ≥ 30 per minuet among (12.9%) of the patients. The symptoms of presentation were fever (75.8%), malaise (21%), cough (17.7%), sore throat (12.9%), myalgia (11.3%), sputum (9.7%), dyspnea (11.3%), headache (11.3%), and diarrhea (8.01). The distribution of patients according to severity and BMI showed that (38.9%) of obese patients had severe infection (5.9%) of the overweight patients had severe infection in comparison to (0%) of those with normal BMI. Conclusions: Obese patients significantly had higher proportion of severe infection than the normal weight, and overweight patients. Mean D. dimer level among obese patient was significantly higher than the overweight and normal BMI patient.
Roles of intestinal Parabacteroides in human health and diseases; The stability of gut microbiota is essential for the host's health. Parabacteroides spp., core members of the human gut microbiota, have an average abundance of 1.27% in humans of 12 populations. Parabacteroides have recently been reported to have a close relationship with host health (e.g. metabolic syndrome, inflammatory bowel disease and obesity). Parabacteroides have the physiological characteristics of carbohydrate metabolism and secreting short chain fatty acids. However, antimicrobial resistance of Parabacteroides to antibiotics (such as clindamycin, moxifloxacin and cefoxitin) should not be ignored. In this review, we primarily focus on Parabacteroides distasonis, Parabacteroides goldsteinii, Parabacteroides johnsonii and Parabacteroides merdae and discuss their relationships with host disease, diet and the prevention or induction of diseases. Pa. distasonis and Pa. goldsteinii may be viewed as potential next generation probiotic candidates due to their protective effects on inflammation and obesity in mice. We also discuss the potential therapeutic application of Parabacteroides spp. in maintaining host-intestine homeostasis.
Catastrophic Spontaneous Bladder Rupture In Late Puerperium; Bladder necrosis after vaginal delivery is a rare but insidious occurrence. Bladder rupture during labor or postpartum is extremely rare. Patients usually complain of distension of the abdomen, suprapubic pain, anuria, or haematuria. Few patients may have no symptoms so the diagnosis of bladder rupture may be difficult in these situations. Bladder rupture is a challenge for obstetricians that should be diagnosed early and represents a surgical emergency. We report a case of bladder rupture in a 29-year-old primigravida with gestational diabetes with fetal macrosomia which manifested late about 25th days after full-term normal vaginal delivery. There was an intraperitoneal rupture of the bladder diagnosed by ascitic fluid typing revealing high levels of urea and creatinine in the fluid which was further confirmed by Computerised Tomography (CT) imaging. Our case report aims to focus on early diagnosis and timely management, which may lead to good prognostic outcomes and prevent maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality.
A rare case report: vaginal paraganglioma; Vaginal paraganglioma (VP), usually solitary and primary, is a rare adrenal type paraganglioma derived from the anterior neural crest, and can be classified as a functional or non-functional tumor. Only 10 cases of VP have been reported since 1955. Herein, we report an unusual case of a 39-year-old female VP patient with symptoms of hypercatecholaminism and a family history of hypertension. After preoperative control of blood pressure with an alpha-receptor blocker, laparoscopic surgery was performed. The blood pressure fluctuated after touching the tumor intraoperatively, and the tumor was successfully and completely removed under anesthesia by surgery. Postoperative pathology confirmed the diagnosis. The clinical characteristics, auxiliary examination, morphological and pathological immunohistochemical characteristics, and perioperative treatment of VP are analyzed, and the literature of the previous 10 cases is reviewed, so as to help further understand VP and provide clinical guidance.
Predictive values of clinical data,molecular biomarkers, and echocardiographic measurements in preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia; Objective: We aimed to use molecular biomarkers and clinical data and echocardiograms that were collected during admission to predict bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) in preterm infants with gestational age ≤32 weeks. Methods: Eighty-two patients (40 with BPD, BPD group and 42 healthy as controls, non-BPD group) admitted to the Department of Neonatology of the Children's Hospital of Soochow University between October 1, 2018, and February 29, 2020, were enrolled in this study at the tertiary hospital. Basic clinical data on the perinatal period, echocardiographic measurements, and molecular biomarkers (N-terminal-pro-B-brain natriuretic peptide, NT-proBNP) were collected. We used multiple logistic regression analysis to establish an early predictive model for detecting BPD development in preterm infants of gestational age ≤32 weeks. We also used a receiver operating characteristic curve to assess the sensitivity and speciﬁcity of the model. Results: No significant differences were found between the BPD and non-BPD groups in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, incidence of asphyxia, maternal age, gravidity, parity, mode of delivery, premature rupture of membranes >18 h, use of prenatal hormones, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus, amniotic fluid contamination, prenatal infections, and maternal diseases. The use of caffeine, albumin, gamma globulin; ventilation; days of FiO2 ≥ 40%; oxygen inhalation time; red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg); and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group. The levels of hemoglobin, hematocrit, and albumin in the BPD group were significantly lower than those in the non-BPD group. The total calorie intake was significantly lower in the BPD group on the 3rd, 7th, and 14th day after birth than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The incidence rates of patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), pulmonary hypertension, and tricuspid regurgitation were significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). The serum level of NT-proBNP 24 h after birth was significantly higher in the BPD group than in the non-BPD group (P < 0.05). Serum NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in infants with severe BPD than in those with mild or moderate BPD (P < 0.05). Conclusion: As there were various risk factors for BPD, a combining clinical data, molecular biomarkers, and echocardiogram measurements can be valuable in predicting the BPD. The tricuspid regurgitation flow rate (m/s), NT-proBNP (pg/ml), ventilator-associated pneumonia, days of FiO2 ≥ 40% (d), red blood cell suspension infusion volume (ml/kg), and proportion of infants who received total enteral nutrition (120 kcal/kg.d) ≥24 d after birth were the most practical factors considered for designing an appropriate model for predicting the risk of BPD.
The Inter Relationship between Neurodevelopmental Profile and Feeding Readiness in Late Preterm Infants; Aim: To find out the inter relationship between neurodevelopmental profile and feeding readiness in late preterm neonates. Methods: Analytic cross-sectional study was conducted in one hundred and thirty-five healthy late preterm infants born between 34 to 36 weeks gestation who were recruited from Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) and Referred New Born unit (RNB) of a medical college hospital. Feeding readiness was assessed using Premature Oral Feeding Readiness Scale (POFRAS) and the neurodevelopmental profile was assessed using Hammersmith Neonatal Neurological Examination (HNNE) on day one of the infant’s life. The inter relationship between neurodevelopmental profile and feeding readiness was statistically analysed. Results: The HNNE mean optimality score is 29.02 among the infants with good feeding ability, having POFRAS score more than 30. When the feeding score was below 30 the HNNE mean optimality score was 23.48. A high level of significant difference was noted in HNNE and POFRAS, between the feeding groups with cut-off scores above and below 30. Conclusion: The neurodevelopmental profile assessed through HNNE has a positive correlation with the feeding score obtained through POFRAS. Hence feeding readiness in late preterm neonates reflect the inter relationship in the level of neurological maturity.
Association of a Mediterranean Diet Pattern with Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes among US Women; Importance: The Mediterranean diet pattern is inversely associated with the leading causes of morbidity and mortality, including metabolic diseases and cardiovascular disease, but there are limited data on its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) among US women. Objective: To evaluate whether concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception is associated with lower risk of developing any APO and individual APOs. Design, Setting, and Participants: This prospective, multicenter, cohort study, the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study: Monitoring Mothers-to-Be, enrolled 10038 women between October 1, 2010, and September 30, 2013, with a final analytic sample of 7798 racially, ethnically, and geographically diverse women with singleton pregnancies who had complete diet data. Data analyses were completed between June 3, 2021, and April 7, 2022. Exposures: An Alternate Mediterranean Diet (aMed) score (range, 0-9; low, 0-3; moderate, 4-5; and high, 6-9) was computed from data on habitual diet in the 3 months around conception, assessed using a semiquantitative food frequency questionnaire. Main Outcomes and Measures: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were prospectively ascertained and defined as developing 1 or more of the following: preeclampsia or eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, or stillbirth. Results: Of 7798 participants (mean [SD] age, 27.4 [5.5] years), 754 (9.7%) were aged 35 years or older, 816 (10.5%) were non-Hispanic Black, 1294 (16.6%) were Hispanic, and 1522 (19.5%) had obesity at baseline. The mean (SD) aMed score was 4.3 (2.1), and the prevalence of high, moderate, and low concordance to a Mediterranean diet pattern around the time of conception was 30.6% (n=2388), 31.2% (n=2430), and 38.2% (n=2980), respectively. In multivariable models, a high vs low aMed score was associated with 21% lower odds of any APO (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 0.79 [95% CI, 0.68-0.92]), 28% lower odds of preeclampsia or eclampsia (aOR, 0.72 [95% CI, 0.55-0.93]), and 37% lower odds of gestational diabetes (aOR, 0.63 [95% CI, 0.44-0.90]). There were no differences by race, ethnicity, and prepregnancy body mass index, but associations were stronger among women aged 35 years or older (aOR, 0.54 [95% CI, 0.34-0.84]; P =.02 for interaction). When aMed score quintiles were evaluated, similar associations were observed, with higher scores being inversely associated with the incidence of any APO. Conclusions and Relevance: This cohort study suggests that greater adherence to a Mediterranean diet pattern is associated with lower risk of APOs, with evidence of a dose-response association. Intervention studies are needed to assess whether dietary modification around the time of conception can reduce risk of APOs and their downstream associations with future development of cardiovascular disease risk factors and overt disease..
The prevalence of documented cardiovascular-related pregnancy complications: cross-sectional study in an academic primary care centre; Background: Pregnancy and the postpartum period offer a unique opportunity to identify patients with risk factors leading to premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), which often go unrecognised. Aim: This study investigates self-reported prevalence of CVD-related pregnancy complications and its documentation in electronic medical records (EMRs) in an academic family health team (AFHT). Design & setting: A retrospective cross-sectional survey conducted from 2016 to 2017 in an AFHT. Method: The survey assessed self-reported pregnancy complications and obstetric histories of adult females. EMRs of responders who provided consent were appraised for documented pregnancy complications, and management of traditional cardiovascular risk factors post-pregnancy. Results: Out of 211 responders, 28% (n = 60) had at least one pregnancy complication reported in the survey and/or in the EMR, of which 67% (n = 40) had the complication documented in their EMR. The most prevalent complications were preterm birth (PTB; 12%, n = 25), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; 10%, n = 22), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; 7%, n = 14). Twenty-nine per cent (n = 4) of the patients with GDM had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test result documented post-pregnancy. Of those with HDP, 36% (n = 8) had body mass index and 50% (n = 11) had a blood pressure measurement recorded after delivery. Conclusion: There has been a significant lack of documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors and subsequent management, introducing a missed opportunity for early cardiovascular intervention. Adequate documentation of pregnancy complications in the EMR and better transitions in care between obstetric and primary care teams could potentially enable clinicians to intervene early and better manage females at increased risk of CVD.
Maternal risk factors of COVID-19-affected pregnancies: A comparative analysis of symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19 from the Q-PRECIOUS registry; Background: The novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has had consequences on the pregnant population, as disease severity is associated with the quality of maternal health and pregnancy complications, increasing maternal and neonatal morbidity. Worldwide descriptive data help describe risk factors that could predict symptomatic and severe COVID-19 in pregnancy. Objectives: To describe demographic features and risk factors of pregnant women with COVID-19 in Qatar and compare symptomatic versus asymptomatic disease. Study design and methodology: Clinical characteristics and risk factors of pregnant women with COVID-19 in Qatar from March 2020 to March 2021 was retrospectively reviewed, comparing the cohort with the general pregnant population. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) were computed, comparing symptomatic versus asymptomatic infection. Results: Of the 500 women, 347 reported at least one symptom at diagnosis (347/500; 69.4%). The majority fell in the 30–39 years age group (241/500; 48%), with more than half in the obese body mass index (BMI) category. The cohort was 66% (332/500) Qatari women, compared with the 26% expected in the population (26.4% vs 66.4% p < 0.001). Compared with the 2019 national statistics, the number of women was higher in the >40 years age group (5% vs 7.6%, p = 0.027) and grand multiparous group (5.4% vs 13.6%, p < 0.001). The symptom most commonly reported by the symptomatic group was cough (276/500; 55%), followed by fever, fatigue, and myalgia. In the adjusted analysis, the symptomatic group had 2.7 times higher odds of being asthmatic (OR = 2.67, 95% CI 1.1–6.7, p = 0.037). Women aged >40 years had 6.6 times higher odds of symptomatic disease (aOR = 6.6, 95% CI 1.08–39.73, p = 0.041). A history of contact with a patient with symptomatic COVID and earlier gestational age at diagnosis increased the odds (aOR = 2.06, 95% CI 1.2–3.54, p = 0.009; aOR = 0.73 95% CI 0.57–0.96; p = 0.017). Conclusions: This study cohort included significantly more Qatari women, older women, grand multiparous women, a higher proportion with pre-existing and gestational diabetes, and higher BMI than national data. In addition, contact to a patient with symptomatic disease, history of asthma, older age, and earlier gestational age at diagnosis were significantly associated with symptomatic disease.
Can Gestational Diabetes Mellitus be Prevented by Life Style Interventions?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant complication that occurs during pregnancy and causes severe mortality and morbidity with short and long term health problems in both mother and newborn. The prevalence of GDM is increasing in parallel with the increasing type 2 Diabetes Mellitus worldwide. Recurrence of GDM is also widely reported in women (40-73%), which increases the risk of maternal/fetal / child health. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include excess weight gain during maternal pregnancy, weight before pregnancy, and obesity. Although it has been reported in the literature in prospective cohort studies, the risk of GDM can be reduced by lifestyle interventions involving diet, increased activity, and various healthy behavior strategies during pregnancy, there are inconsistencies in randomized controlled studies on this issue. Some studies have reported that such interventions effectively prevent GDM, while others have reported that they have no effect. In women with a long-term history of GDM, studies investigating the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions have shown that the incidence of diabetes is reduced, and cardiovascular disease risk factors improve. However, the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy and before pregnancy on subsequent GDM are not yet known. In the next process, in order to prevent GDM, an optimal healthy lifestyle strategy should be determined for the whole society, especially for adolescent girls and women of reproductive age. It should be ensured that it is adopted and expanded in society.
NEWBORNS BORN TO SARS-COV-2-POSITIVE MOTHERS: A SINGLE INSTITUTIONAL EXPERIENCE; Introduction. Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) caused the “coronavirus disease 2019” (COVID-19) pandemic, which started in late 2019 and has spread rapidly all over the world. Today it is the main global medical problem affecting the population of all ages. Data on the general condition and potential complications of neonates born to mothers with SARS-CoV-2 infection have been reported all around the world. Herein we present our observations derived from almost three months of work with infants born to SARS-CoV-2-infected mothers. Material and methods. Forty-two neonates born to women with positive SARS-CoV-2 antigen tests between December 2020 and February 2021 in the infective obstetric unit at Wroclaw’s Regional Hospital were analyzed with respect to epidemiologic and clinical data obtained from the personal observations and medical records system. Results. Nineteen of the neonates were male (45%) and the median birth term was 39 weeks of gestation. All of the newborns had negative Antigen Rapid Test result for SARS-CoV-2 after birth. Most of them were asymptomatic, except 6 who presented with pneumonia. One of the symptomatic children had positive SARS-CoV-2 antigen and real-time reverse transcriptase–polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests on the 9th day of life. It is likely that he acquired postpartum infection from his mother. None required invasive ventilation and no deaths were reported. Conclusions. Our study presented that post-birth, most babies of SARS-CoV-2-positive mothers are not infected by the virus and confirmed the fact that the risk of perinatal moth-er-to-child transmission is rather low.
POSTPARTUM DIABETES SCREENING IN WOMEN WITH HISTORY OF GDM; The incidence of prediabetes and type 2 diabetes is increasing worldwide. The course can be asymptomatic for several years and it is often diagnosed once the complications arise (e.g., coronary heart disease, stroke, sight, kidneys, or limbs impairment with impending amputations). Early detection of the disease at the stage of prediabetes is essential for timely prevention, treatment, and delaying complications. Gestational diabetes is a significant risk factor for prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. Women with a history of gestational diabetes have a 40-60 % risk of developing prediabetes and type 2 diabetes. Postpartum surveillance leads to early detection and treatment of developing glucose metabolism disorders. Increased risk is particularly associated with a genetic predisposition, higher maternal age, obesity, PCOS, higher weight gain during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes treated with pharmacotherapy. In response to the increasing incidence of gestational diabetes, postpartum glucose metabolism disorders also increase. Early initiation of treatment, including dietary measures, regular physical activity, weight reduction, and possibly treatment with metformin, may prevent the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus and associated complications.
An exploration of the experience of dapagliflozin in clinical practice; Despite the availability of established treatments, heart failure (HF) is associated with a poor prognosis and suboptimal management, highlighting the need for new treatment and prevention options. It is suggested that sodium-glucose cotransporters 2 inhibitors can provide a beneficial therapeutic approach to significantly lower the disease burden associated with cardiovascular illness in both patients with and without Type 2 diabetes mellitus. This review focuses on the therapeutic aspects of dapagliflozin in clinical practice. Future studies may intend to confirm the significant clinical benefits of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors.
KCNB1 frameshift variant caused inherited intellectual disability, developmental delay, and seizure; Potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily B member 1 (KCNB1) encodes Kv2.1 potassium channel. KCNB1 mutations are known to cause global developmental delay, behavioral disorders, and various epilepsies. Most variants occur de novo and are rarely inherited. Here, we report a 14-year-old male patient who was admitted to our clinic with seizures, developmental delay history, and intellectual disability. Brain magnetic resonance image (MRI) was normal and electroencephalogram (EEG) showed spike and sharp-wave complexes emerging in the left hemisphere parietooccipital areas, which were paroxysmally generalized. We performed whole exome sequence analysis (WES) and identified a heterozygous frameshift mutation c.522delA in exon 1 of KCNB1 (NM_004975.4) predicting a premature stop codon p.Lys174Asnfs*20 in the proband. Sanger sequencing confirmed the heterozygous c.522delA mutation in the proband and his mother who also had epilepsy and learning difficulties. His 45 year old mother had used antiepileptic drugs for 9 years after a seizure episode at 12 years old. Also, his mother's uncle's son is nonverbal and has developmental delay and epilepsy. Our study shows that frameshift mutation cytoplasmic domain of KCNB1 gene can cause intrafamilial phenotypic variability and relatively mild clinical findings in these patients.
Overview of Obstructive Sleep Apnea and Neutrophil-Lymphocyte Ratio; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is a serious health problem associated with cardiovascular diseases, neurological diseases, and various types of mortality. Obstructive sleep hypopnea occurs when breathing is diminished, even if it is not absent. Sleep destabilizes patency of the upper airway leading to partial or complete obstruction of the nasopharynx, oropharynx, or both.Diagnosis is based on sleep history and polysomnography. Many options of treatment including nasal continuous positive airway pressure, oral appliances, and, in refractory cases, surgery and theprognosis is good with treatment. However, most cases remain undiagnosed and untreated and are often associated with hypertension, atrial fibrillation and other arrhythmias, heart failure, and injury or death due to motor vehicle crashes and other accidents resulting from hypersomnolence. Neutrophil-lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and platelet-lymphocyte ratio (PLR) is calculated from complete blood count with differential, WBCs, widely available marker of inflammation that might assist in identifying patients with obstructive sleep apnea. Thus, the aim of the current study was to review the relation between NLR and outcome of OSA surgery in adults.
Study of perinatal morbidity and mortality in postdated cases in tertiary care hospital; Introduction: The obstetrician has to play pivotal role. In life, time plays an important role and nobody is blessed with immortality and so does the fetus. The problem of postdatism is subject of concern to couple and the obstetrician.With this objective present study was planned to study of perinatal morbidity and mortality in postdated cases in tertiary care hospital.Material and methods: A prospective study of 80 cases of uncomplicated prolonged pregnancies was done during the period of one year at teaching hospital in our hospital. Study was approved by Institutional Ethics Committee. Sample size estimation was done by expert. Age, Gravidity and parity Gestational age LMP (Last Menstrual Period) Early ultrasound Other associated risk factors Antepartum feotal surveillance.Induction was preceeded with reactive NST Written valid informed consent taken. Depending on Bishops score and NST after 6 hrs.ofcerviprimePGEa gel instillation either augmentation with oxylocin was considered.In labour, patients were clinically monitored for progress of labourfoetal distress &colour of liquour.Results: Thus it is evident that incidence of meconeum stained amniotic fluid has increased from 21.6% in 40-41 weeks to 100% in 42 weeks i.e. with advancing gestational age. However MAS was seen only in 4 patients. In a study conducted by Shime et al meconeum was 28% in prolonged pregnancy and 17.71% in control pregnancies which is not statistically significant. Also to study conducted by NICHHD meconeum was detected with equal frequency in all age groups. None of the patients with thin or absent meconeum develop meconeum aspiration. Meconeum stained liquor Meconeum aspiration syndrome Apgar score < 7/10 Birth Asphyxia Postmaturity Syndrome Congenital Anomalies Perinatal Mortality.Conclusion: In conclusion, thus management of postdated pregnancy should be tailored for an individual case and depends on the obstetrician and facilities available. There should be harmonious blend of skill and judgement to give healthy baby to a healthy mother.
Trends in and Maternal Outcomes of Delivery Hospitalizations of Patients with an Asthma Diagnosis; OBJECTIVE:To characterize asthma prevalence and outcomes during U.S. delivery hospitalizations.METHODS:For this repeated cross-sectional analysis, deliveries to women aged 15-54 years with asthma were identified in the 2000-2018 National Inpatient Sample, which approximates a 20% stratified sample of all hospitalizations nationally. Temporal trends in asthma were analyzed using joinpoint regression to estimate the average annual percent change with 95% CIs. The association of asthma with other comorbid conditions was analyzed. The relationship between asthma and several adverse maternal outcomes was analyzed with unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models, with unadjusted odds ratios and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) as measures of effect. Risk for and trends in a composite of rare, but severe, respiratory complications also were analyzed.RESULTS:An estimated 73,109,790 delivery hospitalizations from 2000 to 2018 were included in the analysis, of which 2,221,644 (3.0%) had a diagnosis of asthma. (Unweighted, the study sample included 15,213,024 deliveries, of which 462,276 [3.0%] had a diagnosis of asthma.) Asthma diagnoses rose from 1.2% in 2000 to 5.3% in 2018, representing an average annual percent change of 8.3% (95% CI 7.4-9.2%). Asthma was more common among women with obesity and chronic hypertension. In adjusted analyses, asthma was associated with severe maternal morbidity (aOR 1.50, 95% CI 1.45-1.55), preeclampsia and gestational hypertension (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.26-1.30), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.19-1.24), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.16, 95% CI 1.15-1.18), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.20, 95% CI 1.18-1.21), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.79, 95% CI 1.65-1.95), and preterm delivery (aOR 1.27, 95% CI 1.25-1.29). From 2000 to 2018, severe respiratory complications decreased from 72 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma to 14 per 10,000 deliveries with asthma (average annual percent change-9.4%, 95% CI-13.3% to-5.3%). This decreasing risk was offset on a population level by an increase in the risk of asthma.CONCLUSION:Asthma is increasing during deliveries, is associated with adverse maternal outcomes, and is associated with comorbid conditions. Severe respiratory complications are decreasing proportionately among deliveries with asthma, but are stable on a population basis.
Management of Placental Transfusion to Neonates after Delivery; This review summarizes high-quality evidence supporting delayed umbilical cord clamping to promote placental transfusion to preterm and term neonates. In preterm neonates, delayed cord clamping may decrease mortality and the need for blood transfusions. Although robust data are lacking to guide cord management strategies in many clinical scenarios, emerging literature is reviewed on numerous topics including delivery mode, twin gestations, maternal comorbidities (eg, gestational diabetes, red blood cell alloimmunization, human immunodeficiency virus [HIV] infection, and severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 [SARS-CoV-2] infection) and neonatal complications (eg, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, and the depressed neonate). Umbilical cord milking is an alternate method of rapid placental transfusion, but has been associated with severe intraventricular hemorrhage in extremely preterm neonates. Data on long-Term outcomes are discussed, as well as potential contraindications to delayed cord clamping. Overall, delayed cord clamping offers potential benefits to the estimated 140 million neonates born globally every year, emphasizing the importance of this simple and no-cost strategy.
Evaluation of Maternal and Perinatal outcomes in pregnancies affected with COVID-19; Background: Worldwide, SARS-CoV-2 has taken its toll on healthcare systems and potentially on maternal and fetal outcomes. Present study was aimed to study Maternal and Perinatal outcomes in pregnancies affected with COVID-19 at a tertiary hospital. Material and Methods: Present study was retrospective observational study conducted in pregnant women, > 28 weeks gestation, who were admitted in the dedicated COVID-19 hospital as COVID positive case (tested positive by Rapid antigen test/ by Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction test for SARS-CoV-2), delivered with COVID positive status. Results: Among 112 cases, majority were from <25 years age group (43.75 %), primigravida (51.79 %), admitted with predominant symptoms of fever (84.82 %), cough (53.57 %), delivered at 37-40 weeks of gestation (72.32 %). Majority women delivered vaginally (53.57 %) while 52 pregnant women required LSCS, difference was marginal. Common obstetric complications observed were Preterm delivery (16.07 %), Anaemia (Hb < 7 gm %) (10.71 %) Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy (8.93 %). Majority women had mild symptoms/asymptomatic (83.93 %) while few had moderate symptoms (11.61 %) & severe symptoms (5.36 %). ICU admission was required in 6 cases (5.36 %), while mechanical ventilation was required in 4 cases (3.57 %). Mean duration of hospital stay was 7.48 ± 3.12 days.Low birth weight (<2.5kg) neonates were 22 (19.64 %), 18 neonates required NICU admission (16.07 %). 2 Early Neonatal Deaths (2.68 %) & 1 Stillbirth (0.89 %) noted. 2 neonates were COVID-19 RTPCR +ve (1.79 %) within 24 hours of admission.2 maternal deaths were observed (died due to COVID pneumonitis with multi-organ dysfunction syndrome), rest 110 mothers were discharged uneventfully (98.21 %). Conclusion: Adversity of maternal and neonatal outcome depends on severity of disease, multidisciplinary approach is required to manage high risk cases to reduce maternal & neonatal morbidity & mortality.
A STUDY OF ETIOLOGICAL PROFILE AND OUTCOME OF RESPIRATORY DISTRESS IN NEONATES FROM TERTIARY CARE CENTRE; Objective:To study different underlying causes of respiratory distress and factors associated with the neonatal outcomes. Materials and Methods: Hospital based cross-sectional observational study was conducted in the department of Pediatric Medicine, J.KLon Hospital, SMS Medical College, Jaipur, India.Total 184 neonates with respiratory distress were enrolled in the studyafter applying inclusion and exclusion criteria. Results:A total of 184 neonates with respiratory distress were enrolled in the study, out of which, 97 neonates (52.72%) were preterm, 84 neonates (45.62%) were term and 3 neonates (1.63%) were post term.Out of 184 neonates,129 were male and remaining 55 were female with male: female ratio of 2.3:1.Respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) was the most commoncause of respiratory distress(33.70%), followed by perinatal asphyxia (22.3%), Meconium Aspiration Syndrome (MAS) (15.8%), congenital pneumonia (13%), sepsis (6.5%),congenital heart disease (4.9%), transient tachypnea of newborn (TTNB) (1.6%) and othernon-respiratory causes (2.2%) like congenital malformations, jaundice and metabolic disorders.120 neonates (65%) were discharged, 53 (29%) were died, and only 5 (2.7%) neonates with congenital heart defects and other congenital malformations were referred to higher centre for surgical management. Conclusion: Respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) was found to be the most common cause of respiratory distress and NICU admission in new-borns in the present study. Meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS) was the most common cause of respiratory distress in term babies, whereas respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) was most common in preterm babies. Clinical assessment of respiratory distress by Anderson Silverman score in preterm and Downes score in term babies may be helpful in assessing clinical outcome. Foetal risk factors were low birth weight and late preterm period of gestation. Proper antenatal care and early diagnosis of the antenatal complication and avoiding preterm deliveries will aid in the better outcome of the new-borns. Early detection and appropriate management of the condition is essential to ensure better outcome in all infants presenting with respiratory distress.
A STUDY OF TEENAGE PRIMIGRAVIDA AND ITS EFFECTS ON MATERNAL AND FETAL OUTCOME; Background: A Teenage Pregnancy rate varies vastly between different countries and different regions within a country. Such Pregnancies are seen mostly amongst the poorer and less educated sections of the society. In developed countries majority of teenage pregnancies occur to unmarried girls unlike developing countries including India where teenage pregnancies occur to married girls and are associated with early marriages. Aims: To find the incidence of teenage pregnancy. To evaluate the maternal and fetal outcome in teenage primigravida. Materials and Methods: Study Design: A Prospective Cross sectional observational study done for 12 months from 07.08.2019 to 21.08.2020 at OBG Department, Mysore, Medical College. Inclusion Criteria:Primigravida 15 - 19 years of age, singleton pregnancy with term gestation with cephalic presentation. Exclusion Criteria: Pregnant women with pre-existing medical disorder, surgical disorders, abortion, molas, pregnancies were excluded. Results: The incidence of teenage pregnancy in OBG Department MMCRI is 13.05% of the 150 study population, 90% belong to the age group of 19 year and 10% were of 18 years old. 83.3% had anaemia, 12.7% has hypertension disorder of pregnancy, 8% has oligohydrominios, 0.7% has polyhydrominios, 4% has post-term pregnancy, 1.3% had IUGR,15.4% had LSCS (Lower segment Caesarean section) under spinal anaesthesia for various indications among which fetal distress being the commonest. 8.7% of those delivered vaginally, 20.7% were induced and 1.3% had instrumental deliveries,12% had low birth weight babies and 30 needed NICU admission, there were 2 perinatal mortalities. Conclusion: Teenagers have significant number of complications during pregnancy, Anaemia being the commonest. Various awareness, program should be taken up to educate people regarding the adverse outcomes of teenage pregnancy on the mother and her family.
Comparative Analysis of antenatal and fetal complications in pregnant women with and without history of polycystic ovary syndrome; Background and Aim: Many studies have shown that Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is independently associated with an increased risk for short for gestational age (SGA) infants and observed in nonobese infertile women with PCOS who had undergone assisted reproductive technique (ART). Neonates born to women with PCOS also showed an increased risk for admission to the NICU. Material and Methods: This was a cross-sectional study designed prospectively with study population of pregnant women between 5-28 weeks of period of gestation with previous history of PCOS and pregnant women between 5-28 weeks without PCOS attending ANC and followed-up till delivering in department of obstetrics and gynaecology, Tertiary care hospital, Bhuj, Kutch, Gujarat. Women in both the groups were subjected to a detailed general physical and systemic examination and few biochemical tests were done to exclude the conditions mentioned in the exclusion criteria. Results: Prevalence of abortion in PCOS group was 7% (14) and in control group was 1% (2). This difference was statistically significant. Out of 200 women with PCOS, 18 (9%) women developed GDM as compared to 3 (1.5%) women in control group. Total 22 (11%) women out of the 200 cases developed HDP as compared to 5 (2.5%) in control group (Table 3). Mean birth weight of new born in women with history of PCOS was 2.45±0.37 kg and in control group was 2.69±0.24 kg. The difference was statistically significant. Conclusion: PCOS is a common and heterogeneous condition, with affected women at substantively higher risk of infertility and cardiometabolic risks factors, both exacerbated by a greater prevalence of overweight and obesity. Many antenatal and fetal complications are per se increased in women with a history of PCOS.
ASSESSMENT OF POST CAESAREAN SCAR IN PREGNANT WOMAN WITH THE HELP OF ULTRA SONOGRAPHY AND HISTO PATHOLOGY; Background: Defects of the uterine scar seem to be a rapidly increasing problem caused by increasing Cesarean delivery rates worldwide. In recent decades, there has been an increasing number of studies that describe Cesarean section (CS) scars, but it is not known how the CS scar niche is associated with an increased risk of uterine dehiscence or rupture in labor. Ultrasonographic evaluation of the uterine scar has become an important element of obstetric and gynecologic practice, especially in further pregnancies. Aims and Objectives: This study aims to assess and evaluate the radiological findings in Caesarean Section Scar and to find out the Histopathological Findings of Caesarean Section Scar. Materials and Methods: This was hospital based observational longitudinal study conducted at R.G. Kar Medical College & Hospital from June 2018 to December 2019. Total 80 post cesarean pregnant women were included in the study. Template was generated and analysis was done on SPSS software. Results: Among 80 post cesarean pregnant women majority of the mother are from 20 to 25 years and 31 to 35 years age group (34%). Most of the mothers have gestational age more than and equal to 37 weeks (71%), 29 % of mothers present with SCAR tenderness. Placental position in Previous pregnancy (by USG) at Fundal Position (41%). Most of the mothers have placental position in present pregnancy also at fundal Position (51%). most of the mothers have no complication (44%) in Present pregnancy, 18% have GDM, 11% have Gestational Hypertension, 17% have Bleeding P/V etc. Most of the mothers have Echogenic Structural Changes of Heterogeneous Type in LUS (91.3%) when interval between two subsequent pregnancy <=2 years. Most of the mothers have Congested Endometrial Fold (91.3%) when interval between two subsequent pregnancy <=2 years. Conclusions: It can be concluded that when there is decrease in inter Pregnancy interval, chance of Presence of Scar Tenderness is more and when there is Presence of Scar Tenderness, TVS findings Like Ballooning of the Scar, decreased Scar Thickness etc. may be present.
Prevalence and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus among women attending antenatal clinic in Chengalpattu district: Original Study; Background: It is well known that the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) varies greatly depending on geographic location, dietary preferences, and socioeconomic status. In order to ascertain the prevalence of GDM and risk factors connected to it in women visiting an antenatal care (ANC) clinic in the Chengalpattu region, this study was conducted. Methods: Women who were receiving antenatal care (ANC) at a clinic and had an estimated gestational age between 24 and 28 weeks were participated in this study. Women who agreed to participate were informed before undergoing a conventional 2-hour, 75-gram oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A proforma was filled out with general information including demographics, socioeconomic status, level of education, parity, family history of diabetes and/or hypertension, and history of GDM. GDM was diagnosed using the 75 g 2-h OGTT criteria set out by the American Diabetes Association (ADA). Results: In all, 607 women took part in the study, and 43 (7.1%) of them had GDM. Additional 66 (10.87%) women showed a single abnormal value. Age, educational level, socioeconomic status, pre-pregnancy weight and BMI, weight gain, acanthosis nigricans, family history of diabetes or hypertension, and past history of GDM were risk factors that were found to be significantly associated with GDM on bivariate analysis; however, on multivariate analysis, only upper middle class and the presence of acanthosisnigricans were found to be significantly associated with GDM. Conclusion: A tertiary care hospital found that 7.1% of patients had GDM. Control and risk factor modification require the right interventions.
Study on clinical profile evaluation of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by carbohydrate intolerance detected for the first-time during pregnancy. Objective- To study clinical profile of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. Material and Methods- Design: observational, cross-sectional study Duration: 2 years Setting: Tertiary hospital. Study population: 120 cases of GDM Results- Majority of the patients had age between 26-30 years. 90 (75%) had family history of diabetes mellitus. According to BMI, 78 (65%) women were obese and 25 (20.8%) overweight. Most common maternal complication in previous pregnancy was pregnancy induced hypertension (7.50%) and prolonged labor (7.50%) whereas in current pregnancy most common complication was Pregnancy induced hypertension (9.8%) followed by Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (7.3%). Conclusion- Women with GDM are more likely to have negative obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Age > 25 years, obesity, familial history of DM, age at marriage, multiparity, less physical activity, and previous history of GDM are all important risk factors. Spontaneous abortion was the most prevalent fetal problem. Improved screening, treatment, and prevention techniques for gestational diabetes mellitus are required to improve mother and child health. Educational programs to create awareness amongst community for frequent antenatal checkups, for maintaining healthy lifestyle are the key to better motherhood, and building a strong healthcare system.
Fetomaternal outcome in pregnancy with cardiac disease in a tertiary care hospital of Eastern India; Background: Heart disease complicating pregnancy is an important indirect cause of maternal mortality and morbidity. Heart disease in pregnancy is still a major problem worldwide, particularly in low resource country like India. Its reported incidence varies between 0.1 to 4%. Heart disease complicates 1% to 3% of all pregnancies and is responsible for 10% to 15% of maternal mortality. Heart disease in pregnancy is associated with adverse fetomaternal outcome and has re-emerged as one of the leading causes of maternal mortality. The maternal mortality rate in women with cardiac disease is 7% and morbidity is 30% during pregnancy in India. Methods: This study was a prospective observational study conducted in the IPGMER & SSKM Hospital, Kolkata, West Bengal from December 2021 to February 2022. 72 Pregnant women with heart disease were taken as study group. Multiple pregnancy and any other medical disorder like GDM, PIH, were excluded from study. Fetomaternal outcome, mode of delivery, prematurity, LBW, NICU admission and maternal and neonatal mortality were compared. Template was generated in MS excel sheet and analysis was done on SPSS software. Results: Among 72 patients majority 28 (38.89%) patients belonged to age group 25-29 years. Majority 26 (36.11%) patients belonged to lower middle class Majority 38 (52.78%) patients were P0+0 and 18 (25%) were P1+0 parity group. Majority 20 (55.56%) belong to gravida G1. 20 (27.78%) patients had CHD and RHD. 40 (55.56%) were normal delivery. 26 (36.11%) of babies were underweight. Maternal death occurred in 4 (5.56%) cases and neonatal death was 2 (2.78%). Conclusions: Feto-maternal outcome can be improved appreciably by antenatal care, early diagnosis and management
The Clinical and Experimental Characteristics of Neonates with Culture Positive Sepsis: A Study; Background:To assess the factors in cases of infant sepsis tested positive for culture: laboratory and clinical profile, receptivity to antibiotic therapy, prevalence of problems, and outcomes. Material and Methods:A cross sectional analytical study included 123 neonates who met inclusion criteria. Basic data, demographic characteristics, mother risk factors, gestational age, clinical characteristics at manifestation, lab results, medication course and reaction, any problems and supportive treatments, and outcome were all collected in depth from the case file. Tableau software was used to examine the data. Results:In study, sept 2021 had 17.9% of newborns, while nov 2021 had 15.4%. 75.6% of babies were born in government hospitals, 24.4% in private. Normal-weight babies were 50.4% and macrosomia 0.8%. 65.1% were outborn, 34.9% were inborn. Most in 37-38 weeks (23%), least in 32-33 (0.8%). Oligohydramnios was the largest risk factor at 64.2%, while PROM was 10.5%. Meropenem demonstrated 69.9% sensitivity, cefepime 66.6%, vancomycin and azithromycin 0.8%. Conclusion:The study highlights patients with suspected sepsis in newborns and earlier antibiotic therapy for improved results. In culture-positive instances, hypoglycemia, apnea, seizures, DIC, and respiratory distress are common and must be actively handled.
Co-Relation of Neonatal Birth Weight with OGCT (DIPSI) in Primigravidas; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus complicates 1-14% pregnancies worldwide, it not only influences immediate maternal and neonatal outcomes but also increases the risk of future T2DM in the woman and her children. Aim of this study: To screen the primigravida, using 75gm OGCT one step, single value screening and diagnostic procedure and correlating their blood glucose values with neonatal birthweight. Material and Methods: Prospective observational study was done in the department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Shadan Institute Of Medical Sciences, Teaching Hospital And Research Center for duration of 6 months that is from May 2022 to October 2022 on 100 primigravidae. Results: In this study, incidence of GDM was 11%, incidence of Glucose Intolerance was 12%, Mean Neonatal Birth Weight for normal glucose tolerance was 2.75kgs, impaired glucose tolerance was 3.03kgs and GDM was 3.22kgs, incidence of preterm labour with normal glucose tolerance was 6.4%, glucose intolerance was 8.3% and GDM was up to 18.2%, incidence of pre-eclampsia in normal blood glucose values was 10.3%, glucose intolerance was 16.6% and GDM was 18.2%,rate of caesarian section in normal glucose tolerance was 36.3%, impaired glucose tolerance was 75% and GDM was 63.6%, congenital anomalies among normal glucose tolerance was 0% and GDM was 9.1%, IUD among normal glucose tolerance was 1.1% and GDM was of 9.1%. Conclusion: In resource limited countries like India, DIPSI recommended one step, single value test irrespective of the last meal, is a very simple, cost effective and feasible procedure for universal screening and diagnosis of GDM. It is adopted by Ministry of Health (Government of India) for screening of GDM. The key finding here is that the risk of overweight and obese children rises in step with higher levels of blood sugar during pregnancy. By treating Gestational Diabetes, future risk of children becoming overweight, obese, PCOS, diabetes drops considerably.
Insulin versus glibenclamide for the treatment of gestational diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is glucose intolerance with onset or first detection during pregnancy, regardless of insulin administration. Hyperglycemia is linked to pregnancy complications in GDM. Methods: The Kakatiya Medical College, Warangal, Telangana conducted the study "Comparison of Insulin and Glibenclamide in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus" between April 2021 and March 2022 with approval from the hospital's ethics board. We screened for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus in around 150 individuals who visited our antenatal clinic. Results: The AN clinic examined around 50 female patients at random for GDM using a 75 gm OGTT. If their fasting plasma glucose was greater than or equal to 95 mg/dl, and their 2-hour post meal glucose was greater than or equal to 140 mg/dl, then they were classified as having GDM. Insulin was administered to 25 patients and glibenclamide was given to another 25. Unfortunately, we were unable to complete the study due to the loss of 2 patients in the glibenclamide group. Conclusion: In the trial, glycemic control and perinatal outcomes were practically the same for those treated with glibenclamide and insulin, save for one adverse result in the glibenclamide group who had a second trimester abortion due to late discovery and one macrosomic infant in the Insulin group.
Diabetic Retinopathy in pregnancy; Aim and objectives: to assess the progression of diabetic retinopathy among pregnant diabeticwomen during gestational period and its correlation with glycemic control. Materials and method: this was a cross-sectional observational cohort study conducted at a tertiary eye care of solan H.P. and included 37 pregnant females with pre-existing DM forthe presence and progression of DR. The history of the pregnant women was taken and all necessary routine investigations were done during each of the 3 trimesters and 3 months postpartum. The data was compared between those with progressive (in which diabetic retinopathy progressed post-partum) and non-progressive (in which diabetic retinopathy did not progress post-partum) Results: The mean age of the study population was 32.91±5.02 years. The mean duration of diabetes (years) was 6.59±3.19 and mean HbA1c (%) was 7.85±1.06. Diabetic retinopathy was present among 7 (18.9%) women with 4 cases each of Mild NPDR, 1 cases of Moderate NPDR, Pre-proliferative NPDR and Proliferative retinopathy each. Age more than 30 years, Duration of diabetes for more than 5 years and HbA1c (%) ≥ 7 were significantly (p-value < 0.05) associated with occurrence of Retinopathy Conclusion: Our findings raise the issue of poor visual outcomes among older pregnant femaleswith long-standing DM. Guidelines need to be developed for managing the pregnancy in women with untreated and advanced PDR.
The Study of Maternal and Fetal Outcome in Pregnant Women with Thyroid Disorders; Aim: To study the maternal and foetal prognosis in thyroid disordered pregnant mothers by evaluating TSH,T3,T4 levels in pregnant women screened during antenatal period who came during study period of one year in Government general hospital, Ananthapuramu. Methodology: The study's goal is to learn about the maternal and foetal outcomes. The study was a prospective study comprising 101 pregnant women attending the antenatal clinic, of which 95 had high TSH (hypothyroidism) and 6 had low TSH (hyperthyroidism). Results: In our study, the mean mother age is 25.8 years, with a P value of 0.679 that is statistically insignificant. With a p value of 0.657, which is statistically insignificant, 43% of the 101 pregnant women in our research are primigravida and 57% are multigravida. There was a significant increase in hypothyroidism in overweight and obese women around 61% and 85 respectively (P value<0.661). There was a substantial rise in hypothyroidism in overweight and obese women, with 61% and 85 percent, respectively (P value<0.661). With a P value of 0.345, which is not statistically significant, 52% of 101 women had a history of thyroid diseases and 48% have no history of thyroid disorders. In our study, the incidence of preeclampsia is 20% with p valve 0.001, which is statistically significant. GDM has a 6% incidence with a P value of 0.05, which is not statistically significant. In our investigation, the incidence of abruption was 6%, with a statistically significant P value of 0.001. In our analysis, the prevalence of oligohydraminos was 13%, with a statistically significant P value of 0.001. The mean gestational age of delivery in our research was 37.5 weeks, with a P value of 0.181, which is statistically insignificant. In our study, the incidence of caesarean section is 52%, spontaneous vaginal birth is 46%, and assisted vaginal delivery is 2%, with a P value of 0.926, which is statistically insignificant. The rate of newborn mortality is 6%, with a p value greater than 0.05 being statistically insignificant. The incidence of foetal discomfort is 32%, with a statistically significant p value of 0.001. The prevalence of IUGR is 24%, with a statistically significant P value of 0.05. The incidence of NICU hospitalizations is 13%, with a statistically significant P-valueless than 0.001. Conclusion: In conclusion, maternal thyroid problems have a high potential to harm maternal and foetal outcomes, and they are also linked to a variety of other i problemsthat can harm maternal and foettal outcome. If the problem is found early, it is simple to treat with minimal risk to the mother and foetus. As a result, this illness requires early discovery, prompt treatment to start, proper follow-up, and, very significantly, adequate education of clinicians and patients about these goals, the relevance of this condition, and the simplicity and benefits of prompt therapy.
Efficacy Of Umbilical Artery Doppler In Prediction Of Perinatal Outcome In IUGR Pregnancies At DVVPF’S Medical College, Ahmednagar, Maharashtra, India.; Estimated foetal weight less than the 10th percentile at that gestational age is known as intra uterine growth restriction (IUGR). Over the period of 1st July 2021 till 31st June 2022, a descriptive longitudinal study was conducted in department of OBGY DVVPF’s medical college and hospital Ahmednagar. 90 women visiting OBGY OPD at DVVPF’s medical college and hospital Ahmednagar carrying single fetus with 32 completed weeks of gestation, having IUGR were included in the study. There are considerable differences between categories and within categories when umbilical artery Doppler indices were used to analyse newborn outcome in terms of birth weight. P value exceeded 0.0005. A better outcome in terms of birth weight of more than 2 kg occurs when the umbilical artery Doppler diastolic flow revealed strong forward diastolic flow. Planning the antenatal fetal surveillance requires the identification of IUGR fetuses caused by uteroplacental insufficiency. Doppler imaging of the umbilical artery reveals changes, which in turn forecasts the resistance present at the placenta. Increased prenatal mortality and morbidity are related to the absence or reversal of umbilical artery diastolic flow. Hence One of the most useful tools for performing prenatal fetal surveillance on IUGR fetuses is the umbilical artery Doppler.
Healthy Baby Delivery of a COVID-19 Infected Mother in Iran: Process and Protection; Background: In late December 2019, a kind of pneumonia caused by a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) emerged in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China. This virus rapidly spread worldwide and infected 195 countries and territories, including Iran. By March 22, 2020, the virus had affected more than 40000 people worldwide and caused more than 19000 deaths. Pregnant women are a vulnerable group to viral infections because partial immune suppression occurs during pregnancy. Therefore, the COVID-19 epidemic may cause a rising global concern about its consequences for pregnant women and fetuses. Objectives: In this case study, we report the delivery of a pregnant woman after her COVID-19 confirmation. Methods: We report a 44-year-old pregnant woman (32 weeks gestation) with COVID-19 who gave birth to a healthy baby with no evidence of COVID-19. We did not observe any worse clinical outcomes, such as maternal mortality, stillbirth, spontaneous abortion, and preterm delivery. Results: A preterm baby girl with 2500 g weight and Apgar scores at 5 minutes and 10 minutes were 9 and 10 was delivered. The preterm baby was normocephalic, had no icteric sclera, and the heart sounded normal without murmurs, Lung ventilation was normal. Conclusion: Viral pneumonia may severely be presented in pregnancy because of physiological and immunological changes and shift from cell-mediated to humoral-mediated immunity during the pregnancy period. Vertical transmission of COVID-19 from mother to child, short-term and long-term adverse effects on mother and newborn are stil unclear and controversial.
A study protocol for the cardiac effects of a single dose of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg after caesarean delivery: a prospective randomized controlled multi-centre trial in Norway; Background: Both oxytocin and carbetocin are used to prevent uterine atony and post-partum haemorrhage after caesarean delivery in many countries, including Norway. Oxytocin causes dose-dependent ST-depression, troponin release, prolongation of QT-time and arrythmia, but little is known about myocardial effects of carbetocin. We have previously demonstrated comparable vasodilatory effects of oxytocin and carbetocin and are now undertaking a Phase 4 trial to investigate whether carbetocin causes similar changes to myocardial markers compared with oxytocin. Methods: Our randomized controlled trial will be conducted at three obstetrics units at Oslo University Hospital and Akershus University Hospital, Norway. Planned enrolment will be of 240 healthy, singleton pregnant women aged 18 to 50 years undergoing planned caesarean delivery. Based on pilot study data, each participant will receive a one-minute intravenous injection of either oxytocin 2.5 IU or carbetocin 100 µg during caesarean delivery. The prespecified primary outcome is the change from baseline in high-sensitive troponin I plasma concentrations at 6–10 hours after study drug administration. Secondary outcomes include uterine tone grade at 2.5 and five minutes after study drug administration, adverse events for up to 48 hours after study drug administration, estimated blood loss within eight hours of delivery, need for rescue treatment and direct/indirect costs. Enrolment and primary analysis are expected to be completed by the end of 2021. Discussion: Women undergoing caesarean delivery should be assessed for cardiovascular risk particularly as women with an obstetric history of pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, placental abruption, and stillbirth are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Any additional ischaemic myocardial risk from uterotonic agents will need to be balanced with the benefit of reducing the risk of postpartum haemorrhage. Any potential cardiotoxicity difference between oxytocin and carbetocin will help inform treatment decisions for pregnant women. Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03899961 NCT03899961 (02/04/2019).
Analysis of first-time hearing screening tests among singlets and twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit; Objective:To investigate the failure in the hearing screening test among twin neonates in neonatal intensive care unit （NICU） and to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus to provide insights into prevention and early intervention. Methods:Automated auditory brainstem response（AABR）, distortion product otoacoustic emission（DPOAE） and acoustic immittance were performed on 1452 neonates（including 130 twins） admitted in NICU from January 2015 to June 2018 and the risk factors including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, etc. were analyzed retrospectively by univariate chi-square test and multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results:The incidence of C-section, premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, low birth weight, very low birth weight, in-vitro fertilization, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome and formula or mixed feeding among twin neonates were significantly higher than those of singleton neonates （P<0.05）. The pass rates of the first-time AABR, DPOAE and acoustic immittance were significantly lower than singleton neonates. The proportion of twin neonates who failed the initial screening but recovered in the following test was as high as 72.86%. AABR pass rate was correlated with congenital heart disease, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, C-section and （very） low birth weight. The pass rate of DPOAE was correlated with low birth weight and C-section. The pass rate of acoustic immittance was correlated with preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight, gestational diabetes and gestational hypertension. The pass rate of diagnostic ABR was associated with gestational diabetes. And the pass rate of diagnostic DPOAE was associated with maternal age ≥40 years old. Conclusion:The first-time hearing screening pass rate of twin neonates in NICU is lower than that of neonatal singleton. Most twin neonates who fail in the first screening test will recover. Preterm birth, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, （very） low birth weight, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, maternal age ≥ 40 years old and C-section are associated with the first-time failure in hearing screening tests among twin neonates, thus entailing close follow-up.
Maternal diabetes and fetal cardiac output; BACKGROUND: The intrauterine environment is a key determinant for long-term health outcomes. Adverse fetal environments, such as maternal diabetes, obesity and placental insufficiency are strongly associated with long-term health risks in children. Little is known about differences in fetal cardiac output hemodynamics of diabetic mothers (DM) vs. non-diabetic mothers (NDM). Our study aims to investigate the left-sided, right-sided, and combined cardiac output (CCO) in fetuses of DM vs. NDM. METHODS: Retrospective data were collected in fetuses of DM (N = 532) and NDM (103) at mean gestational age 24 weeks. Examination included 2D echo and pulse wave Doppler. Wilcoxon rank sum tests and Chi-square tests were used to test for distribution difference of maternal and fetal continuous and categorical measures respectively between DM and NDM. Intraclass correlation coefficients were calculated to assess intra-observer reliability of fetal cardiac measurements. RESULTS: DM mothers had higher mean weight (89.7±22.2 kg) than NDM (76.8±19.8 kg), p < 0.0001 and higher mean BMI (33.4±7.5) than NDM (28.3±5.8), p < 0.0001. C-section delivery occurred in 66% of DM vs. 35% of NDM fetuses. Fetuses of DM mothers had significantly larger semilunar valve diameter, higher left ventricular (LV) output, higher combined cardiac output and lower right ventricle /left ventricle ratio compared to NDM. CONCLUSION: The greater CCO (adjusted for fetal weight), left sided cardiac output in the fetuses of DM, compared to NDM, represent differences in cardiac adaptation to the diabetic environment.
Can first trimester pregnancy-associated plasma protein-A predict the surfactant needs of preterm neonates?; BACKGROUND: Low values of pregnancy associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A), have been shown to be associated with some poor gestational outcomes, especially those related to placental deficiency such as pre-eclampsia and fetal growth restriction as well as preterm labor. The aim of this study was to compare first trimester PAPP-A MoM values with the surfactant needs of newborns of pregnant women who had a preterm delivery. METHODS: This study included 216 pregnant women who had a preterm delivery, who were found to be in the low-risk group based on their aneuploidy screening. The women were separated into two groups based on the surfactant receipts of their newborns. A record was made of the obstetric history, birth characteristics of the preterm infants, and whether or not there was a need for surfactant. RESULTS: A comparison of the PAPP-A values of the two groups revealed that the group that received surfactant had statistically significantly lower PAPP-A values (t(-3.97) = 0.203, p < 0.001). When the cut-off value of PAPP-A was taken as 1 MoM and the gestational age was analyzed together with the birth weight, PAPP-A alone was found to be a significant independent variable for the prediction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) (p = 0.031; OR:8.2 (1.2-55.6)). CONCLUSIONS: The result of this study demonstrated that PAPP-A MoM values may be significant in predicting the need for surfactant in RDS, which is a frequently seen condition in the neonatal period.
Epicardial fat thickness in infants of diabetic mothers; BACKGROUND: Epicardial fat thickness (EFT) in adults and children has been related to the metabolic syndrome and other cardiovascular risk factors; however, scarce studies have evaluated it in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) in whom, alterations in the thickness of the interventricular septum have been reported. This study compares the EFT in IDM versus infants of non-diabetic mothers (INDM) and its association with others echocardiographic parameters. METHODS: We performed a cross sectional study in 93 infants (64 IDM and 29 INDM). To evaluate EFT dimensions, an echocardiogram was performed within the first 24h of extrauterine life in both groups. In diabetic mothers, HbA1c was also determined. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in birth weight between the groups although gestational age was lower in IDM. The EFT (3.6 vs. 2.5 mm, p < 0.0001), the interventricular septum thickness (IVST) (6.2 vs. 5.2 mm, p < 0.0001) and the IVST / left ventricle posterior wall (1.3 vs. 1.1, p = 0.001) were higher in the IDM; while the left ventricular expulsion fraction [LVFE] (71.1 vs. 77.8; p < 0.0001) was lower than in the INDM, respectively. We found a positive correlation between EFT with IVST (r = 0.577; p = 0.0001), LVPW (r = 0.262; p = 0.011), IVST/LVPW index (r = 0.353; p = 0.001), and mitral integral early velocity (r = 0.313; p = 0.002), while a negative correlation with LVFE was observed (r = -0.376; p = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: The EFT is higher in IDM than in INDM. It was positively related with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular thickness and negatively with left ventricular ejection function.
Instituting a Curriculum for Cardio-Obstetrics Subspecialty Fellowship Training; Maternal mortality is rising in the United States, and cardiovascular disease is the leading cause. Adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes heighten the risk of cardiovascular complications during pregnancy and the peripartum period and are associated with long-term cardiovascular risks. The field of cardio-obstetrics is a subspecialty within adult cardiology that focuses on the management of women with or at high risk for heart disease who are considering pregnancy or have become pregnant. There is growing recognition of the need for more specialists with dedicated expertise in cardio-obstetrics to improve the cardiovascular care of this high-risk patient population. Current recommendations for cardiovascular fellowship training programs accredited by the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education involve establishing core competency in the knowledge of managing heart disease in pregnancy. However, little granular detail is available of what such training should entail, which can lead to knowledge gaps. Additionally, dedicated advanced subspecialty training in this area is not commonly offered. Multidisciplinary collaborative teams have been shown to improve outcomes in cardiac patients during pregnancy, and cardiovascular fellows-in-training interested in cardio-obstetrics should have the opportunity to participate in and contribute to a pregnancy heart team. In this document, we describe a proposed specialized cardio-obstetrics training pathway that could serve to adequately prepare trainees to competently and comprehensively care for women with cardiovascular disease before, during, and after pregnancy.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and the Risks of Type-Specific Cardiovascular Diseases; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been linked to subsequent overall cardiovascular diseases. However, evidence on the associations of GDM with type-specific cardiovascular diseases is lacking, and findings on the potential impact of type 2 diabetes on the associations are not consistent. This study aimed to explore the associations between GDM and the risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases. Methods: Data were from 12,025 women (≥20 years) who had delivered at least one live birth in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2007-2018. GDM history and type-specific cardiovascular diseases including coronary heart disease (CHD), heart failure and stroke were defined by self-report. We also combined our results with those from previously related publications on the associations between GDM and risks of type-specific cardiovascular diseases with a random-effect model. Results: Compared with women without GDM, the multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were 1.82 (1.21-2.72) for CHD, 1.43 (0.80-2.53) for heart failure, and 1.19 (0.76-1.86) for stroke among women with a history of GDM. Type 2 diabetes was associated with 43.90, 67.44, and 63.16% of the excess odds of CHD, heart failure and stroke associated with GDM, respectively. Combining results from this study with those from previously related studies yielded odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) of 1.81 (1.60-2.05) for CHD (12 studies, 7,615,322 participants, I2= 72.6%), 1.66 (1.25-2.21) for heart failure (5 studies, 4,491,665 participants, I2= 88.6%), and 1.25 (1.07-1.46) for cerebrovascular disease (9 studies, 6,090,848 participants, I2= 77.8%). Conclusions: GDM showed stronger associations with coronary heart diseases and heart failure than cerebrovascular disease, and the excess risks are attributable, in part, to type 2 diabetes.
MAC12 Abstracts; The proceedings contain 96 papers. The topics discussed include: effects of metformin in combination with insulin on glycemic variability in overweight or obese patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus; factors contributing towards early and late conversion from gestational diabetes mellitus to abnormal glucose tolerance postpartum; diabetes distress - prevalence, risk factors and impact on self-management among patients in specialist-led diabetes clinics; prevalence of low bone mineral density and its associated risk factors in patients with differentiated thyroid cancer receiving TSH suppression therapy; the effects of low dose radioactive iodine on ovarian reserve among patients with graves' disease; determination of prevalence and risk factors for heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFPEF) in type 2 diabetes mellitus; severe hypertriglyceridemia successfully treated with insulin infusion: a case report; and acromegaly with spontaneous ventriculostomy - a rare phenomenon.
Head Drop and Hyperckemia Associated With a Carnitine Palmitoyltransferase II (CPT2) Deficiency; Introduction: Carnitine palmitoyltransferase II (CPT2) deficiency is an autosomal recessive muscle disorder. It is the most common disorder of longchain fatty-acid (LCFA) metabolism, as well as the most frequent cause of hereditary rhabdomyolysis. We hereby aim to broaden the phenotypic spectrum of CPT2 by presenting a patient who exhibited a head drop at initial examination. Materials and Methods: A 26 years-old woman presented to the emergency department with myalgia and cramps. Symptoms had started 48 hours beforehand with muscular pain, inability to stand up and walk. She denied fasting or extreme physical exercise. Neurological examination showed a symmetric proximal weakness of both lower limbs, axial weakness and head drop. Since her first pregnancy five years ago, the patient described having episodes of cramps and leg pain with difficulties in carrying weights and climbing stairs. On two occasions, these episodes were associated with head drop, dysphonia and dark urines. The episodes generally lasted one to two weeks, resolved spontaneously and were concomitant with her menstruation. No medical workup had ever been made. Past medical history included pyelonephritis, complicated by rhabdomyolysis. She suffered from gestational diabetes and severe obesity (BMI 42 kg/ m2) after pregnancy and underwent a gastric bypass at the age of 25 years. Results: Acylcarnitine level assay revealed an abnormal profile with increased C14-C18, C18:1, C18:2 and an increased ratio (C1+C18:1)/C2, suggestive of an inborn metabolism error in the long chain fatty acids oxidation. Clinical exome sequencing identified the presence of 3 heterozygous mutations in CPT2 gene : C.338C>T p. (Ser113Leu), c.1239-1240delGA p. (Lys414Thrfs∗7) and c.1342T>C p.(Phe448Leu). The three mutations were all previously reported in the literature at homozygote or compound heterozygote state in individuals affected by CPT2 deficiency. The patient was subsequently advised to avoid fasting and intense physical efforts. A specific lowfat and rich-carbohydrate diet with frequent meals was initiated. Since the introduction of the new regimen she has not relapsed into an episode of rhabdomyolysis. Conclusions: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case of head drop as clinical manifestation of the myopathic form of CPT II deficiency, thereby enlarging the phenotypical spectrum of this entity.
Traditional Cantonese puerperal practices and postpartum cardiometabolism in gestational diabetes; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: With gestational diabetes (GDM), women have a higher risk for future type 2 diabetes, and risk factors for diabetes for it are amplified. Whether this phenomenon is affected by traditional puerperal or postpartum practices among Chinese women who develop gestational diabetes is unclear. This has been explored in a Cantonese cultural setting to enable relevant risk management. METHODS AND STUDY DESIGN: Some 138 women were followed before, during and after pregnancy in accordance with Cantonese Puerperal Practices (CPP), and occurrence of GDM and exclusive breast-feeding. Body compositional and cardiometabolic information were collected. These included glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. RESULTS: During a median postpartum follow-up of 60.4 days, women with a typical CPP had a greater body weight and weight retention. With artificial feeding, women with a typical CPP had greater OGTT glycemic responses and more insulin resistance. With exclusive breast-feeding, however, no differences in postpartum cardiometabolic measurements were observed, except for a higher early-phase insulin response. CONCLUSIONS: Traditional CPP is associated with early postpartum cardiometabolic impairment in gestational diabetes, but this is avoided with breast-feeding.
Women's knowledge and care concerning long-term cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; Background Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women and men in Austria. In women, traditional and female-specific cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognized and undertreated. Pregnancy represents a crucial window of opportunity to identify high-risk populations. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), specifically hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) represent strong risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. This allows identifying highrisk female individuals earlier in life to prevent cardiovascular and chronic kidney disease. Despite national and international guidelines, awareness among physicians and patients is limited. We examined the postpartum care and knowledge of women diagnosed with adverse pregnancy outcomes in Lower Austria. Methods A cohort of women diagnosed with preeclampsia (PET) and GDM between 2015 and 2020 were studied. We created a questionnaire and conducted a structured telephone interview to assess the current knowledge and care in the postpartum period regarding long-term cardiovascular health in women with APOs. Results Of 161 women, 29 % (n = 46) were diagnosed with HDP/ preeclampsia and 115 women with GDM. One-third of women are unaware that adverse pregnancy outcomes are related to cardiovascular disease. In women diagnosed with PET, 44 % did not know about the increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Although one-half of women diagnosed with PET knew about the increased risk of chronic hypertension later in life, only two out of 46 have been educated about the long-term risk of being diagnosed with diabetes later in life. Women diagnosed with PET were less likely to receive postpartum care information than those diagnosed with GDM (30.4 vs 49.6; p = 0.027). Counselling regarding the increased long-term risk of developing cardiovascular disease later in life was provided to onethird of women. However, only 14 % attended at least one long-term follow-up after adverse pregnancy complications. Fifty percent of women within this high-risk population received recommendations regarding lifestyle change after delivery; significantly more women with GDM than women with preeclampsia (54 % vs 37 %, p = 0.05). Conclusion Our evaluation of a high-risk cohort of women with APOs suggests a significant lack of postpartum care, which should be offered to all women with APOs to prevent cardiovascular and chronic kidney disease later on in this population.
Early Dapagliflozin Utilization for CKD Treatment in the United States; Background: In 2021, dapagliflozin was approved for the treatment of adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD) in the United States (US). OPTIMISE-CKD is a multinational, observational, secondary data study program describing dapagliflozin treatment for CKD in routine clinical practice, contextualized by contemporary CKD management. This first observational analysis aims to describe early dapagliflozin utilization under the approved CKD indication in the US. Methods: Adult patients with CKD in administrative claims data linked with electronic medical records in the OPTUM Market Clarity database from 30 March 2020 - 30 June 2021 were included. Criteria for CKD included any of the following: ≥1 UACR ≥30 mg/g, 2 eGFR ≥90 days apart of which the second was ≤75 ml/min/1.73m2, or a CKD diagnosis code. Patients with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes or <365 days continuous enrolment were excluded. Patients were dapagliflozin eligible if they met the CKD indication after 30 April 2021 and did not have a previous prescription for dapagliflozin 10 mg. Dapagliflozin CKD initiators had a recorded prescription for dapagliflozin 10 mg within 90 days of dapagliflozin eligibility. Results: A total of 583 patients met the study criteria and had initiated dapagliflozin during the first 2 months since approval. The median age was 69 years (interquartile range; IQR 59-77) and 46% were female. For the 316 initiators with known CKD stage, the distribution was as follows: 4% stage 1, 16% stage 2, 28% stage 3a, 38% stage 3b, 13% stage 4 and 1% stage 5 (non-dialysis). The most common comorbidities were hypertension (91%), heart failure (44%) and type 2 diabetes (82%). Lipid lowering drugs (61%), diuretics (58%), renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system inhibitors (57%) and angiotensin receptor/ neprilysin inhibitor (9%) were commonly prescribed. Similar patterns were found among patients who were not treated with dapagliflozin. Conclusions: Early use of dapagliflozin in the US was observed in a broad range of patients with CKD with respect to baseline characteristics and was representative of treatment-eligible patients overall. Further analyses across more patients and countries in the OPTIMISE-CKD program will provide additional insight into the real-world experience of novel treatments for CKD and facilitate optimized CKD management.
Parvovirus B19 and Collapsing Glomerulopathy in a Postpartum Female; Introduction: Collapsing glomerulopathy (CG) is a variant of FSGS characterized by rapid onset and progression of renal failure. Interstitial fibrosis (IF), tubular atrophy (TA), entry level serum creatinine (SrCr) and degree of proteinuria have been used as predictors for progression. Case Description: A 36-year-old African American female with a history of obesity reported gradual development of lower extremity edema following delivery of her second child. Her pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. At four months postpartum, she developed an upper respiratory infection followed by onset of exertional dyspnea, orthopnea, chest pain and worsening edema for which she presented to the hospital. Of note, she mentioned that her newborn was being treated for a rash on her face and scalp. Workup showed a SrCr of 1.0 mg/dL and a urine protein to creatinine ratio of 7.0 g/g. An echocardiogram revealed biventricular systolic dysfunction. Renal biopsy showed CG with moderate IF/TA and sclerosis of 24% of glomeruli. Serologies and HIV were negative, but parvovirus B19 (PvB19) IgM and IgG titers were elevated. Furosemide, losartan and spironolactone were started. Two weeks after discharge her repeat labs demonstrated SrCr of 1.0 mg/dL and proteinuria improved to 1.94 g/g. Discussion: In one study, all CG patients with recovery of renal function had both IF and TA < 25% on biopsy. Another found IF > 20%, SrCr >2, and proteinuria of > 8 g/ day to be strong indicators of progression. A previous case report of CG in a 36-year-old intrapartum female with acute PvB19 infection and little IF/TA on initial biopsy showed rapid progression to ESRD, though she carried two APOL1 risk alleles. Our patient's preserved renal function and improved proteinuria on follow-up, despite risk factors of moderate IFTA on biopsy, may be related to a decreased genetic risk.
Challenges in Diagnosis of Mitochondrial Mutations in Patients With Diabetes and Kidney Disease: A Case Report; Introduction: Determining etiology of diabetes may be challenging due to high genetic and phenotypic heterogeneity. Mitochondrial diseases, including “MELAS” (mitochondrial encephalopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes) have been associated with maternally inherited diabetes, as well as deafness and kidney disease. We report a case of women diagnosed with mitochondrial disease later in life who initially presented with diabetes. Case Description: A 46 yo woman developed gestational type 2 diabetes at age 30. Family history was positive for maternal diabetes. She was treated with insulin due to her poor tolerance to other anti-diabetic agents. Creatinine had gradually increased from 0.8 mg to 1.3 mg. She reported hearing loss 2 years prior to her diagnosis of mitochondrial disease. Lactate was checked due to the combination of diabetes and deafness and suspicion of mitochondrial etiology. Lactate was abnormal 3.7 mmol/ml (n 0.5-2.2 mmol/ml). There were no other clinical symptoms. Mitochondrial Full Genome Analysis by Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) identified m.3243A>G in MT-TL1 with a heteroplasmy level of 12%. Kidney biopsy showed diffuse mesangial expansion, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis with moderate foot process effacement, and mitochondriopathy with abnormal mitochondria of variable sizes and shapes (Fig), consistent with the dual diagnosis of mitochondrial and diabetic kidney disease. Heteroplasmy was evident in 75% of kidney cells. Discussion: Our case highlights the challenges inherent in diagnosing mitochondrial diseases as the presenting symptoms may vary. Providers should consider mitochondrial etiology when, in addition to diabetes, other systemic symptoms are present. A multidisciplinary approach is necessary to establish diagnosis. (Figure Presented).
Cord blood microRNA-376c and microRNA-1268a as biomarkers for neonatal hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy: a diagnostic accuracy study; BackgroundHypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy (HIE) is one of the most common causes of morbidity and mortality among neonates. There is a critical need for non-invasive novel biomarkers to detect HIE early, predict its outcomes and monitor its progression. We conducted this observational study to assess the relative expression of miRNA-376c and miRNA-1268a in cord blood as potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers for HIE.MethodsA total of 100 neonates divided into two independent groups were included. The case group included 50 neonates with HIE, while the control group included 50 matched healthy neonates. Relative expressions of miRNA-376c and miRNA-1268a were measured in whole cord blood at birth using real-time PCR.ResultsCompared with the control group, patients with HIE had a significantly lower median level of miRNA-376c (0.168, IQR=0.011–0.411 vs 1, IQR=0.80–1.20) and a higher median level of miRNA-1268a (13.46, IQR=2.7–22.8 vs 1, IQR=0.4–1.6). Comparing neonates with HIE who survived versus those who did not survive, no statistically significant difference between the groups in terms of miRNA-376c and miRNA-1268a (p=0.124 and p=0.279) was elicited. Our diagnostic analysis showed that, at 0.90 points, miRNA-376c has a sensitivity and a specificity of 88% and 68.40%, with an area under the curve of 84%. At 2.70 points, miRNA-1268a has a sensitivity and a specificity of 76% and 100%, with an area under the curve of 96%.ConclusionThe relative expression of miRNA-376c and miRNA-1268a was altered in the cord blood of neonates with HIE. In addition, they have moderate diagnostic accuracy in detecting HIE.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Incident Heart Failure in the Women's Health Initiative; Importance: Some prior evidence suggests that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) may be associated with heart failure (HF). Identifying unique factors associated with the risk of HF and studying HF subtypes are important next steps. Objective: To investigate the association of APOs with incident HF overall and stratified by HF subtype (preserved vs reduced ejection fraction) among postmenopausal women in the Women's Health Initiative (WHI). Design, Setting, and Participants: In 2017, an APO history survey was administered in the WHI study, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women. The associations of 5 APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy [HDP], low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery) with incident adjudicated HF were analyzed. In this cohort study, the association of each APO with HF was assessed using logistic regression models and with HF subtypes using multinomial regression, adjusting for age, sociodemographic characteristics, smoking, randomization status, reproductive history, and other APOs. Data analysis was performed from January 2020 to September 2021. Exposures: APOs (gestational diabetes, HDP, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). Main Outcomes and Measures: All confirmed cases of women hospitalized with HF and HF subtype were adjudicated by trained physicians using standardized methods. Results: Of 10292 women (median [IQR] age, 60 [55-64] years), 3185 (31.0%) reported 1 or more APO and 336 (3.3%) had a diagnosis of HF. Women with a history of any APO had a higher prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, or smoking. Of the APOs studied, only HDP was significantly associated with HF with a fully adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 1.75 (95% CI, 1.22-2.50), and with HF with preserved ejection fraction in fully adjusted models (OR, 2.06; 95% CI, 1.29-3.27). In mediation analyses, hypertension explained 24% (95% CI, 12%-73%), coronary heart disease 23% (95% CI, 11%-68%), and body mass index 20% (95% CI, 10%-64%) of the association between HDP and HF. Conclusions and Relevance: In this large cohort of postmenopausal women, HDP was independently associated with incident HF, particularly HF with preserved ejection fraction, and this association was mediated by subsequent hypertension, coronary heart disease, and obesity. These findings suggest that monitoring and modifying these factors early in women presenting with HDP may be associated with reduced long-term risk of HF..
Preeclampsia Predicts Risk of Hospitalization for Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction; Background: Preeclampsia is associated with increased risk of future heart failure (HF), but the relationship between preeclampsia and HF subtypes are not well-established. Objectives: The objective of this analysis was to identify the risk of HF with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) following a delivery complicated by preeclampsia/eclampsia. Methods: A retrospective cohort study using the New York and Florida state Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases identified delivery hospitalizations between 2006 and 2014 for women with and without preeclampsia/eclampsia. The authors identified women admitted for HF after discharge from index delivery hospitalization until September 30, 2015, using International Classification of Diseases-9th Revision-Clinical Modification diagnosis codes. Patients were followed from discharge to the first instance of primary outcome (HFpEF hospitalization), death, or end of study period. Secondary outcomes included hospitalization for any HF and HF with reduced ejection fraction, separately. The association between preeclampsia/eclampsia and HFpEF was analyzed using Cox proportional hazards models. Results: There were 2,532,515 women included in the study: 2,404,486 without and 128,029 with preeclampsia/eclampsia. HFpEF hospitalization was significantly more likely among women with preeclampsia/eclampsia, after adjusting for baseline hypertension and other covariates (aHR: 2.09; 95% CI: 1.80-2.44). Median time to onset of HFpEF was 32.2 months (interquartile range: 0.3-65.0 months), and median age at HFpEF onset was 34.0 years (interquartile range: 29.0-39.0 years). Both traditional (hypertension, diabetes mellitus) and sociodemographic (Black race, rurality, low income) risk factors were also associated with HFpEF and secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Preeclampsia/eclampsia is an independent risk factor for future hospitalizations for HFpEF.
Pregnancy-associated spontaneous coronary artery dissection: Multidisciplinary management, challenges and literature review; A 30-year-old woman in her second pregnancy, which was complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. She had an uneventful spontaneous vaginal delivery at 38 weeks+3 days of gestation. Day 1 postpartum, she developed sudden chest pain radiating to her jaw and neck. Her observations were normal, and ECG showed lateral ST elevation in keeping with acute myocardial infarction. The troponin-T level was elevated at 21 ng/L at 0 hour, and >10 000 ng/L at 12 hours, respectively. Coronary angiography confirmed spontaneous dissection of the proximal left anterior descending (LAD) and proximal circumflex coronary arteries. She became unstable during percutaneous coronary intervention and consequently had a successful coronary artery bypass surgery with left saphenous vein grafts to the first obtuse marginal artery and LAD. Echocardiogram revealed moderate to severe impairment of the left ventricular function postoperatively.
Spondyloocular Syndrome: A Novel XYLT2 Variant with Description of the Neonatal Phenotype; Spondyloocular syndrome (SOS) is a skeletal disorder caused by pathogenic variants in XYLT2 gene encoding a xylotransferase involved in the biosynthesis of proteoglycans. This condition, with autosomal recessive inheritance, has a high phenotypic variability. It is characterized by bone abnormalities (osteoporosis, fractures), eye and cardiac defects, hearing impairment, and varying degrees of developmental delay. Until now only 20 mutated individuals have been reported worldwide. Here, we describe two siblings from consanguineous healthy parents in which a novel homozygous frameshift variant c.1586dup p(Thr530Hisfs*) in the XYLT2 gene was detected by exome sequencing (ES). The first patient (9 years) presented short stature with skeletal defects, long face, hearing loss and cataract. The second patient, evaluated at a few days of life, showed macrosomia, diffuse hypertrichosis on the back, overabundant skin in the retronucal area, flattened facial profile with drooping cheeks, elongated eyelid rims, wide and flattened nasal bridge and turned down corners of the mouth. During the prenatal period, high nuchal translucency and intestinal hyperechogenicity were observed at ultrasound. In conclusion, these two siblings with a novel pathogenic variant in XYLT2 further expand the clinical and mutational spectrum of SOS.
Impact of SARS-CoV-2 Infection During Pregnancy on Infant Neurobehavioral Development: A Case-Control Study; Background: Previous studies on the pneumonia outbreak caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) have focused on the general population and pregnant women, while little is known about the effects of SARS-CoV-2 on retardation during and after pregnancy. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the potential influence of SARS-CoV-2 on infant neurobehavioral development. Methods: A case-control study was conducted in Wuhan Maternal and Child Health Hospital, China. Nine pregnant women with SARS-CoV-2 infection and 9 controls matched by maternal age, parity, and status of chronic disease were included. Infantile neurobehavioral development was assessed through the Ages and Stages Questionnaires Edition 3 (ASQ-3). Results: The majority of pregnant women with SARS-CoV-2 experienced cesarean section (7 of 9), which was higher than the control group (5 of 9). The throat swabs of all newborn were negative. We found that compared with the control group, neonates of mothers with SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy had lower scores in communication, gross movement, fine movement, problem solving, and personal-social domains; but only fine movement domain yielded statistical significance (P = 0.031). Conclusion: Infection with SARS-CoV-2 during pregnancy may have a certain impact on infant neurobehavioral development. Further studies with larger sample size are warranted for validation.
Cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to synthesize evidence on conventional cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors among women with previous Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). The review protocol is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42019118149). PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Studies reporting on CVD risk factors in women with previous GDM compared to women without previous GDM were selected. A total of 139 studies were eligible, of which 93 were included in the meta-analysis. Women with previous GDM have significantly higher systolic blood pressure (2.47 mmHg 95% CI 1.74 to 3.40, n = 48, 50,118 participants) diastolic blood pressure (1.89 mmHg 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 48, 49,495 participants), BMI (1.54 kg/m2 95% CI 1.32 to 2.46, n = 78, 255,308 participants), total cholesterol (0.26 SMD 95% CI 0.15 to 0.37, n = 48, 38,561 participants), LDL cholesterol (0.19 SMD 95% CI 0.08 to 0.30, n = 44, 16,980 participants), triglycerides (0.56 SMD 95% CI 0.42 to 0.70, n = 46, 13,175 participants), glucose (0.69 SMD 95% CI 0.56 to 0.81, n = 55, 127,900 participants), insulin (0.41 SMD 95% CI 0.23 to 0.59, n = 32, 8881 participants) and significantly lower HDL cholesterol (−0.28 SMD 95% CI −0.39 to −0.16, n = 56, 35,882 participants), compared to women without previous GDM. The increased blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose are seen as early as <1 year post-partum.Women with previous GDM have a higher risk of CVD based on significant increases in conventional risk factors. Some risk factors are seen as early as <1 year post-partum. Women with GDM may benefit from early screening to identify modifiable CVD risk factors.
Comparison of the effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy and compassion-focused therapy on the quality of life of mothers with gestational diabetes; Introduction: This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT) and compassion-focused therapy (CFT) on the quality of life of mothers with gestational diabetes. Methods: The quasi-experimental research was conducted based on a pretest-posttest control group design and follow-up. The statistical population of the study consisted of all pregnant mothers referring to the Milad Hospital in Tehran, Iran, in 2019, who was diagnosed with gestational diabetes. The samples (n=45) were selected using the purposive sampling method (considering the inclusion and exclusion criteria) and then randomly divided into three groups of ACT, CFT, and control groups. The acceptance and commitment and compassion-focused groups received Ferman and Herbert (2007) and Gilbert self-compassion (2008) training, respectively. Moreover, a three-month follow-up phase was performed on all participants in the three groups. The research tool was the World Health Organization Quality of Life (1986). The collected data were analyzed in SPSS software (version 22) using repeated measure analysis of variance. Results: The results showed that ACT and CFT had a significant effect on improving the quality of life of mothers with gestational diabetes (P<0.001). Conclusion: It was revealed that ACT had a greater impact on the quality of life of mothers with gestational diabetes than CFT.
The risk and added values of the atherosclerotic cardiovascular risk enhancers on prediction of cardiovascular events: Tehran lipid and glucose study; Background: In 2013 American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association released a guideline on the management of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) including a composite of death from CVD, non-fatal myocardial infarction, or non-fatal stroke (hard CVD). This guideline recommended a risk score that was calculated using pooled cohort equations (ASCVD-PCE). The guideline was updated in 2018/2019 and further risk discussion was suggested for deciding whether to continue or initiate statin therapy among non-diabetic individuals with ASCVD-PCE score ranged 5–20%. They recommended a risk discussion with considering risk enhancing factors (ASCVD-REFs) including family history of premature CVD, chronic kidney disease, triglycerides ≥ 175 mg/dl, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) ≥ 160 mg/dl, metabolic syndrome (Mets), and for women premature menopause, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). In the current study, we aimed to examine the predictability of recommended ASCVD-REFs on incident hard CVD in non-diabetic individuals with LDL-C 70-189 mg/dl, with ASCVD-PCE risk 5–20% during 10 and 15-year follow-up. Methods: Among a total of 3546 non-diabetic individuals aged 40-75 years, after excluding those with ASCVD-PCE score < 5% and ≥ 20% (n = 2342), 1204 individuals (women = 332) were included. The univariable and multivariable (further adjusted for ASCVD-PCE) Cox regression analysis were used to evaluate the association of each potential ASCVD-REFs with hard CVD. Additionnaly, the role of different components of Mets and a history of gestational diabetes (GDM)/macrosomia was also examined. The predictive ability of each significant ASCVD-REFs, then was evaluated by the discrimination accuracy and risk reclassification index. Results: During the 10-year follow-up, 73 hard CVD events occurred. Although in univariable analysis, high blood pressure (BP) component of Mets, GDM/macrosomia, and HDP remained as significant ASCVD-REFs, in the multivariable analysis, only the history of HDP (5.35 (1.22–23.38)) and GDM/macrosomia (3.18 (1.05–9.65)) showed independent risks. During the 15-year follow-up, Mets (1.47 (1.05–2.06)) and its components of high waist circumference (1.40 (1.0–1.95)) and high BP (1.52 (1.07–2.15)) significantly increased the risk. These ASCVD-REFs did not improve discrimination or predictive ability. Conclusions: In a decade follow-up, only conditions specific for women and in longer follow-up, the presence of Mets perse, and its components of high WC and high BP were shown as significant ASCVD-REFs.
Elevated MST1 leads to apoptosis via depletion of YAP1 in cardiomyocytes exposed to high glucose; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. The article aimed to investigate the expression and roles of MST1, YAP1, Last1/2 and Survivin in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced heart abnormality. Methods: Diabetes mellitus was induced in rats using streptozotocin. The protein expression and phosphorylation analysis in fetal heart tissue was assessed by western blot and immunohistochemical staining. Hoechst 33342 staining assay was performed to explore H9C2 apoptosis. The gene and protein expression in H9C2 cells was assessed by quantitative PCR and western blot. Knockdown of gene expression was assessed by RNA interference. Results: Our results revealed that increased MST1 protein levels in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vivo and in H9C2 cardiomyocytes under HG treatment in vitro, respectively. Knockdown and overexpression experiments showed that MST1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Downregulation of YAP1 was associated with HG-induced, MST1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis. Further study showed that MST1 downregulated the protein level of YAP1 through mediation of YAP1 phosphorylation on Ser127 and Ser397; this process also required LATS1/2 participation. MST1 overexpression increased the phosphorylation levels of LATS1/2, which were also shown to be increased in the heart tissues of diabetic offspring. We also found that YAP1 mediated the expression of Survivin during HG-induced apoptosis, and the Survivin-inhibitor YM155 partially inhibited the role of YAP1 in suppressing apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes. Conclusion: These findings reveal a regulatory mechanism of MST1/YAP1/Survivin signaling in modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in vitro and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects in vivo.
Protocol for a randomized controlled trial of pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to reduce recurrence of gestational diabetes: Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with several maternal complications in pregnancy, including preeclampsia, preterm labor, need for induction of labor, and cesarean delivery as well as increased long-term risks of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM raises the risk for complications in offspring as well, including stillbirth, macrosomia, and birth trauma, and long-term risk of metabolic disease. One of the strongest risk factors for GDM is the occurrence of GDM in a prior pregnancy. Preliminary data from epidemiologic and bariatric surgery studies suggest that reducing body weight before pregnancy can prevent the development of GDM, but no adequately powered trial has tested the effects of a maternal lifestyle intervention before pregnancy to reduce body weight and prevent GDM recurrence. Methods: The principal aim of the Gestational Diabetes Prevention/Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is to determine whether a lifestyle intervention to reduce body weight before pregnancy can reduce GDM recurrence. This two-site trial targets recruitment of 252 women with overweight and obesity who have previous histories of GDM and who plan to have another pregnancy in the next 1–3 years. Women are randomized within site to a comprehensive pre-pregnancy lifestyle intervention to promote weight loss with ongoing treatment until conception or an educational control group. Participants are assessed preconceptionally (at study entry, after 4 months, and at brief quarterly visits until conception), during pregnancy (at 26 weeks’ gestation), and at 6 weeks postpartum. The primary outcome is GDM recurrence, and secondary outcomes include fasting glucose, biomarkers of cardiometabolic disease, prenatal and perinatal complications, and changes over time in weight, diet, physical activity, and psychosocial measures. Discussion: The Gestational Diabetes Prevention /Prevención de la Diabetes Gestacional is the first randomized controlled trial to evaluate the effects of a lifestyle intervention delivered before pregnancy to prevent GDM recurrence. If found effective, the proposed lifestyle intervention could lay the groundwork for shifting current treatment practices towards the interconception period and provide evidence-based preconception counseling to optimize reproductive outcomes and prevent GDM and associated health risks. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02763150. Registered on May 5, 2016
Necrotizing funisitis and calcification of umbilical vein: case report and review; Background: Necrotising funisitis (NF) is a rare, chronic stage of funisitis, a severe inflammation of the umbilical cord and an important risk factor for fetal adverse outcomes. NF is characterized by yellow-white bands running parallel to the umbilical blood vessels. These bands consist of inflammatory cells, necrotic debris, and calcium deposits. Calcification is visible in ultrasonography, which makes it possible to suspect NF when umbilical vascular wall calcification is detected by prenatal ultrasonography. Case presentation: Ultrasonography revealed calcification of the umbilical venous wall in an expectant 31-year-old woman who was gravida 1, para 0. The woman required emergency cesarean section because of fetal distress and suspected umbilical cord torsion at 31 weeks gestation. The root of the umbilical cord was quite fragile and broke during the operation. The pathological results on the placenta showed histologic chorioamnionitis and NF. The infant was diagnosed to have neonatal sepsis and acidosis after delivery but was discharged without severe complications after a one-month hospitalization that included antibiotic and supportive therapy. Conclusion: NF is a rare and severe inflammation of the umbilical cord. Umbilical vascular wall calcification discovered in prenatal ultrasonography is diagnostically helpful.
Childbirth and motherhood in women with motor disability due to a rare condition: an exploratory study; Background: Rare diseases may result in motor impairment, which in turn may affect parenthood. Our purpose was to evaluate perinatal outcomes, parenting needs, mother-infant interactions and infant development in a set of volunteer women with motor impairment due to a rare disease. In a parenting support institution, we recruited a consecutive series of 22 volunteer pregnant women or young mothers, recorded perinatal outcomes, and followed mother-infant interaction and relationship and infant development up to 14 months postpartum. Cases with intellectual or psychic disability were not included. Results: There were 11 genetic diseases (2 Spinal Muscular Atrophy, 1 Charcot-Marie-Tooth, 1 autosomal dominants myopathy, 1 mitochondrial disease, 2 Elhers-Danlos, 1 Friedreich ataxia, 1 spinocerebellar ataxia, 1 tetrahydrobiopterine deficiency,1 Ectrodactyly), and 11 rare non-genetic conditions (2 spine tumors, 2 strokes, 1 juvenile chronic arthritis, 3 birth injuries, 1 inflammatory myopathy, 1 congenital amputation, and 1 traumatic amputation). These resulted in 10 impairments of four limbs, 4 impairments of both lower limbs, 7 unilateral impairments, and one distal tremor. Social deprivation Epices score, Cutrona social support scale, Edinburg Postnatal Depression scale, and Spielberger State/Trait Anxiety Inventory were unremarkable. Perinatal outcome: 4 gestational diabetes, 1 pre-eclampsia, 9 caesareans, 6 assisted and 7 spontaneous vaginal deliveries, 20 term live-births and 2 premature deliveries (35–36 weeks). Twelve women declared they were self-sufficient for daily activities; six declared they were self-sufficient to provide basic care to their baby. Distribution of the Brunet-Lezine child development score was normal. The parent-infant relationship global assessment scale (PIR-GAS) was well adapted in 2 cases, adapted in 8, perturbed in 7, significantly perturbed in 2, and distressed in 3 (mean 71.8; 95% CI 49.6–93.9). This was unrelated to any somatic or emotional characteristics of the participants. Coding interactive behavior revealed that infant engagement was lower and infant avoidance greater than in controls (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Infant development was normal, but mother-infant interactions were altered in half of the participants independently from the degree of motor impairment, underscoring the need for parenting support, even for parents who are self-sufficient in daily activities.
Variations in Awareness of Association Between Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Risk by Specialty; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death among women. Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) are associated with future maternal CVD risk. However, data on awareness of the association between APOs and long-term CVD risk among physicians in different specialties are lacking. This study assessed awareness of this association and whether this knowledge varies by specialty. Methods: An anonymous web-based voluntary survey was sent to physicians in internal medicine (IM), family medicine (FM), obstetrics-gynecology (Ob-Gyn) and cardiology. The questions aimed to assess a physician’s knowledge regarding identification of APOs and their association with future CVD risk and knowledge of CVD risk factor screening in women with APOs and future CVD risk. Results: The survey was completed by 53 physicians, of whom 21% were in IM, 26% in FM, 23% in Ob-Gyn and 30% in cardiology. Based on the responses, cardiologists screened most frequently for APOs, with 56% always screening a female patient and 31% often screening. Only half of the IM and FM physicians acknowledged awareness of the association between APOs and CVD risk. Respondents in all specialties recognized PE and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CVD risk, but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of physicians in IM, FM and cardiology also lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for CVD risk factors associated with APOs. Conclusion: Awareness of the association between APO and future maternal CVD risk varies by specialty. A significant percentage of the physicians who responded to the survey did not routinely ask about APOs when assessing CVD risk and failed to identify PTB as a risk factor for APOs. Education on this topic and targeted efforts to improve screening for APOs are needed within all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality.
The interrelationship between pregnancy, venous thromboembolism, and thyroid disease: a hypothesis-generating review; Pregnancy induces physiological changes that affect the risk of thrombosis and thyroid disease. In this hypothesis-generating review, the physiological changes in the coagulation system and in thyroid function during a normal pregnancy are described, and the incidence of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and thyroid disease in and after a pregnancy are compared and discussed. Furthermore, evidence regarding the association between thyroid disease and VTE in non-pregnant individuals is scrutinized. In conclusion, a normal pregnancy entails hormonal changes, which influence the onset of VTE and thyroid disease. Current evidence suggests an association between thyroid disease and VTE in non-pregnant individuals. This review proposes the hypothesis that maternal thyroid disease associates with VTE in pregnant women and call for future research studies on this subject. If an association exists in pregnant women specifically, such findings may have clinical implications regarding strategies for thyroid function testing and potential thromboprophylaxis in selected individuals.
Reduced mechanical function of the left atrial predicts adverse outcome in pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors; Introduction: The left atrial (LA) strain and strain rate are sensitive indicators of LA function. However, they are not widely used for the evaluation of pregnant women with metabolic diseases. The aim of this study was to assess the LA strain and strain rate of pregnant women with clustering of metabolic risk factors and to explore its prognostic effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Materials and methods: Sixty-three pregnant women with a clustering of metabolic risk factors (CMR group), fifty-seven women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH group), fifty-seven women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM group), and fifty matched healthy pregnant women (control group) were retrospectively evaluated. LA function was evaluated with two-dimensional speckle-tracking imaging. Iatrogenic preterm delivery caused by severe preeclampsia, placental abruption, and fetal distress was regarded as the primary adverse outcome. Results: The CMR group showed the lowest LA strain during reservoir phase (LASr), strain during contraction phase (LASct) and peak strain rate during conduit phase (pLASRcd) among the three groups (P < 0.05). LA strain during conduit phase (LAScd) and peak strain rate during reservoir phase (pLASRr) in the CMR group were lower than those in the control and GDM groups (P < 0.05). Multivariable Cox regression analysis demonstrated systolic blood pressure (HR = 1.03, 95% CI 1.01–1.05, p = 0.001) and LASr (HR = 0.86, 95% CI 0.80–0.92, p < 0.0001) to be independent predictors of iatrogenic preterm delivery. An LASr cutoff value ≤ 38.35% predicted the occurrence of iatrogenic preterm delivery. Conclusions: LA mechanical function in pregnant women with metabolic aggregation is deteriorated. An LASr value of 38.35% or less may indicate the occurrence of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Adipose tissue function in healthy pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and pre-eclampsia; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disorder of pregnancy with short- and long-term consequences for mother and baby. Pre-eclampsia is of major concern to obstetricians due to its sudden onset and increased morbidity and mortality for mother and baby. The incidence of these conditions continues to increase due to widespread maternal obesity. Maternal obesity is a risk factor for GDM and pre-eclampsia, yet our understanding of the role of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in their aetiology is very limited. In this article, available data on adipose tissue and adipocyte function in healthy and obese pregnancy and how these are altered in GDM and pre-eclampsia are reviewed. Using our understanding of adipose tissue and adipocyte biology in non-pregnant populations, a role for underlying adipocyte dysfunction in the pathological pathways of these conditions is discussed.
The promising shadow of microbubble over medical sciences: from fighting wide scope of prevalence disease to cancer eradication; Microbubbles are typically 0.5–10 μm in size. Their size tends to make it easier for medication delivery mechanisms to navigate the body by allowing them to be swallowed more easily. The gas included in the microbubble is surrounded by a membrane that may consist of biocompatible biopolymers, polymers, surfactants, proteins, lipids, or a combination thereof. One of the most effective implementation techniques for tiny bubbles is to apply them as a drug carrier that has the potential to activate ultrasound (US); this allows the drug to be released by US. Microbubbles are often designed to preserve and secure medicines or substances before they have reached a certain area of concern and, finally, US is used to disintegrate microbubbles, triggering site-specific leakage/release of biologically active drugs. They have excellent therapeutic potential in a wide range of common diseases. In this article, we discussed microbubbles and their advantageous medicinal uses in the treatment of certain prevalent disorders, including Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease, cardiovascular disease, diabetic condition, renal defects, and finally, their use in the treatment of various forms of cancer as well as their incorporation with nanoparticles. Using microbubble technology as a novel carrier, the ability to prevent and eradicate prevalent diseases has strengthened the promise of effective care to improve patient well-being and life expectancy.
The Impact of Prenatal Depression in Patients of High Risk Pregnancy Clinic on Obstetric Outcomes; Prenatal depression is common and has been associated with risky maternal behavior, postpartum depression, and atypical child development. Still, its association with adverse perinatal outcomes is complex. The aim of our study was to look for this potential association in our region. The medical charts of women who were treated at our High-Risk Pregnancy Clinic and gave birth at our hospital were reviewed. The Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) was used to discover prenatal depression. Patients who reported past or current mental illness were excluded. We enrolled 202 women at a mean age of 32.81. Twin pregnancy was the most common reason for referral to the clinic (17.3%). The mean EPDS score was 4.63 (±4.66), with 15.3% scoring 10 or more. A significant correlation was found between the EPDS score and intrapartum fetal heart rate abnormalities, as well as with low birth weight. There were significant associations between the EPDS score and the maternal status of genetic disorder carrier, and the number of previous pregnancies, miscarriages, and elective termination of pregnancy. This study demonstrates a significant impact of the maternal psychological state on the obstetric outcome. In addition, we observed a significant association between maternal obstetric history, genetic data, and the risk of prenatal depression. Our study shows that completing the EPDS questionnaire is a very important part of the pregnancy follow-up, as it illuminates risk factors for prenatal depression and adverse perinatal outcomes.
Evaluation of prenatal changes in fetal cardiac morphology and function in maternal diabetes mellitus using a novel fetal speckle-tracking analysis: a prospective cohort study; Background: Due to metabolic changes in the second trimester and the increasing number of pregnant women with obesity and advanced maternal age, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains high. This study aimed to evaluate the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function, and to determine whether these changes increase with increasing estimated fetal weight (EFW). Methods: Fifty-eight women with GDM (GDM group) and 58 women with a healthy pregnancy (control group) were included in this prospective observational cohort study. Each group included subgroups of 31 pregnant women with a gestational age between 24+0 weeks and 27+6 weeks as well as 27 pregnant women with a gestational age between 28+0 weeks and 40+0 weeks. For all fetuses, a cine of 2–3 s in the four-chamber view was obtained, and online speckle-tracking analysis was performed using the GE Automatic Fetal Heart Assessment Tool (fetal HQ; General Electric Healthcare Ultrasound, Zipf, Austria) to measure the global sphericity index (GSI), global longitudinal strain (GLS), fractional area change (FAC), 24-segment sphericity index (SI), and 24-segment end-diastolic diameter of the left ventricle (LV) and right ventricle (RV). Data were analyzed using the independent t-test and Wilcoxon rank-sum test, as applicable. Results: The GDM group (mean HbA1c value was 5.3 ± 0.57 mmol/L) showed a lower GSI value than the control group (1.21 vs. 1.27, P = 0.000), which indicated a rounder shape of the heart. In addition, fetuses in the GDM group demonstrated significant impairment in cardiac function compared to those in the control group (LV-GLS: -18.26% vs. -22.70%, RV-GLS: -18.52% vs. -22.74%, LV-FAC: 35.30% vs. 42.36%, RV-FAC: 30.89% vs. 36.80%; P = 0.000 for all). Subgroup analyses according to gestational age (24+0–27+6 weeks and 28+0–40+0 weeks) showed that the statistical differences were retained between the GDM and control groups in each subgroup. Conclusions: Fetuses of women with GDM present with signs of biventricular systolic dysfunction according to deformation analysis using fetal HQ. Additionally, the heart had a rounder shape in the GDM group than in the control group. This study showed that fetal HQ can be used to assess fetal cardiac morphology and function easily and quickly, and the effects of GDM on fetal cardiac morphology and function appeared from the second trimester. Thus, whether earlier and stricter clinical intervention was necessary remained to be further studied. Furthermore, future studies will need to supplement the effects of blood glucose levels on GLS, FAC, GSI, and 24-segment SI. Additionally, the long-term follow-up after birth should also be improved to observe the influence of changes in the indicators on the prognosis.
Prediction of non-reassuring fetal status and umbilical artery acidosis by the maternal characteristic and ultrasound prior to induction of labor; Objective: To investigate the predictive value of pre-induction digital examination, sonographic measurements and parity for the prediction of non-reassuring fetal status and cord arterial pH < 7.2 prior to the induction of labor (IOL). Method: This was a prospective observational study, including 384 term pregnancies undergoing IOL. Before the IOL, the Bishop score (BS) by digital examination, sonographic Doppler parameters and the estimated fetal weight (EFW) was assessed. The fetal cord arterial was sampled to measure the pH at delivery. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to identify independent predictors of non-reassuring fetal status and low cord arterial pH. Results: Forty four cases (11.5%) had non-reassuring fetal status, and 76 cases (19.8%) had fetal cord arterial pH < 7.2. In the non-reassuring fetal status group, the incidence of cord arterial pH < 7.2 was significantly higher than that in the normal fetal heart rate group (χ2 = 6.401, p = 0.011). Multivariate analysis indicated that significant independent predictors of non-reassuring fetal status were nulliparity (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 3.746, p = 0.003), EFW < 10th percentile (AOR: 3.764, p = 0.003) and cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) < 10th centile (AOR:4.755, p < 0.001). In the prediction of non-reassuring fetal status, the performance of the combination of nulliparity and EFW < 10th percentile was improved by the addition of CPR < 10th percentile (AUC: 0.681, (95%CI: 0.636 to 0.742) vs 0.756, (95%CI:0.713 to 0.795)), but the difference was not significant (DeLong test: z = 1.039, p = 0.053). None of the above variables were predictors of cord arterial pH < 7.2. Conclusion: The risk of fetal acidosis has increased in cases of non-reassuring fetal status. Nulliparity, small for gestational age and CPR < 10th centile are independent predictors for non-reassuring fetal status in term fetuses, though the addition of CPR < 10th centile could not significantly improve the screening accuracy.
Determination of neonatal case-specific fatality rates in a tertiary health institution in North Central Nigeria; Background: The current neonatal mortality rate in Nigeria (37/1000) is among the highest in the world and the major causes have consistently been reported as sepsis, perinatal asphyxia and prematurity. However, case-specific fatality which defines the risk of dying from these and other neonatal morbidities is rarely emphasized. Determination of case-specific fatality rates (CSFR) may inform a change in our current approach to neonatal care interventions which may eventually bring about the much-needed reduction in our neonatal mortality rate. Our aim was to determine the case-specific fatality rates for the common causes of mortality among hospitalized neonates at the National Hospital Abuja (NHA). Methods: Relevant demographic and clinical data on all neonates admitted into the NICU at the NHA over a period of 13 months (January 2017 to February 2018) were extracted from the Neonatal Registry database and analyzed using appropriate statistical methods with the SPSS version 20 software. The case-specific fatality rates were computed for the predominant morbidities in addition to determination of the neonatal mortality rates and associated risk factors. Results and conclusion: A total of 730 neonates were admitted, out of which 391 (53.6%) were females, 396 (54.5%) were inborn and 396 (54.2%) were term. The three most prevalent morbidities were prematurity 272(37.2%), neonatal Jaundice 208(28.4%) and perinatal asphyxia 91(12.5%) while the most common causes of mortality were prematurity 47/113(41.6%), congenital malformations 27/113(23.9%) and perinatal asphyxia 26/113(23%). Congenital malformations had the highest case-specific fatality 27/83(32.5%) followed by Perinatal Asphyxia 26/91(28.6%) and prematurity 47/272(20.7%). The mortality pattern differed between inborn and out born babies. Implications of these case-specific fatality rates for targeted interventions are discussed.
Paraganglioma presenting as hypertension during pregnancy, proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and diabetes mellitus: a case report; Background: Paraganglioma is a very rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension. The objective of this case report is to present a case of paraganglioma presented during pregnancy and missed. Later, the diagnosis was made during the postpartum period because of persistence of hypertension. Case presentation: Here, we describe the case of a patient with paraganglioma who initially presented with pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus. She had persistence of hypertension and diabetes mellitus following delivery with proteinuria, thrombocytosis, and spells. Once her pelvic paraganglioma was removed, her blood pressure and blood sugar were normal without antihypertensives or hypoglycemic agents, respectively. Her proteinuria settled with near-normal platelet counts. Conclusion: Although neuroendocrine tumors are a rare cause of pregnancy-induced hypertension, it should be suspected in the appropriate clinical setting. Diabetes mellitus, proteinuria, and thrombocytosis can be a clinical feature in paraganglioma.
Catch-down growth in infants born large for gestational age; Infants born large for gestational age (LGA) not exhibiting catch-down growth (a decline of weight z-score by 1) have a higher likelihood of future obesity. We aimed to identify the term LGA infants in our neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and document nutrition interventions that may influence growth. Our 10-year retrospective review identified 47 term LGA infants who had a NICU length of stay (LOS) ≥7 days. We obtained demographic data, nutrition interventions in the NICU, and data regarding growth patterns. Of the 47 infants, 31 (66%), demonstrated catch-down growth at discharge at ≥7 days. Overall, 39 of 47 patients (83%) received interventions during their NICU stay, including 32 (69%) who had nasogastric tubes placed, and 24 (51%) had formula fortification to augment weight gain. Among patients with LOS ≥14 days, 23 of 23 patients without catch-down growth and four of five patients with catch-down growth had nutrition interventions performed. Of the overall population, only 38% of those who did not demonstrate catch-down growth had an LOS of ≥14 days vs 77% of all infants that did exhibit catch-down growth (P =.01). Our data suggest that nutrition interventions in LGA infants are common in the NICU. Our study highlights the need for further clinical studies to help direct care in this population of infants.
Terminal 10q26.12 deletion is associated with neonatal asymmetric crying facies syndrome: a case report and literature review; Background: The terminal 10q26 deletion syndrome is a clinically heterogeneous disorder without identified genotype–phenotype correlations. We reported a case of congenital asymmetric crying facies (ACF) syndrome with 10q26.12qter deletion and discussed their genotype–phenotype correlations and the potentially contributing genes involving the etiology of ACF. Methods and results: We reported a case of neonatal 10q26.12qter deletion and summarized the genotype–phenotype correlations and contributing genes of 10q26.12qter deletion from DECIPHER database and published studies. Meanwhile, we analyzed the potential pathogenic genes contributing to 10q26 deletion syndrome. The female preterm infant harboring 10q26.12qter deletion showed symptoms of abnormal craniofacial appearance with rare congenital asymmetric crying facies, developmental retardation, congenital heart disease, and pulmonary artery hypertension. The deleted region was 13.28 Mb in size as detected by G-banding and array comparative genome hybridization, containing 62 Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) catalog genes. We summarized data from 17 other patients with 10q26.12qter deletion, 11 from the DECIPHER database and 6 from published studies. Patients with monoallelic WDR11 and FGFR2 deletions located in 10q26.12q26.2 were predisposed to craniofacial dysmorphisms, growth retardation, intellectual disability and cardiac diseases. Conclusion: ACF is a facial dysmorphism frequently accompanied by other systemic deformities. It is a genetic abnormality that may associate with terminal 10q26.12 deletion. Early cardiac, audiologic, cranial examinations and genetic detection are needed to guide early diagnosis and treatment strategy.
Pregnancy complicated with hepatitis B virus infection and preterm birth: a retrospective cohort study; Background: We aimed to investigate whether maternal chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection affects preterm birth (PTB) in pregnant women. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed HBV-infected and non-infected pregnant women attending antenatal care at Fujian Maternity and Child Health Hospital, Fuzhou, China between January 1, 2016 to December 31, 2018. Participants were divided into HBV infection (n = 1302) and control (n = 12,813) groups. We compared baseline data, pregnancy and perinatal complications, and preterm delivery outcomes between groups. Performed multiple logistics regression analysis to adjust for confounding factors. Finally, we compared early PTB outcome between different HBV DNA level groups. Results: The incidence of preterm birth (gestation less than 37 weeks) was similar between the groups, early preterm birth (gestation less than 34 weeks) were significantly more among the HBV infection group than among the controls (1.6% VS. 0.8%; P = 0.003). After adjusting for confounding factors through logistics regression, HBV infection was found to be an independent early PTB risk factor gestation (adjusted odds ratio 1.770; 95% confidence interval [1.046–2.997]). The incidence of early PTB in < 500 group, 500 ~ 2.0 × 10e5 group and > 2.0 × 10e5 group was not statistically significant (P = 0.417). Conclusion: HBV infection is an independent risk factor for early PTB, and the risk did not seem to be influenced by the levels of HBV DNA. Comprehensive programs focusing on pregnant women with HBV infection would reduce the incidence of adverse outcomes.
Impaired vagal adaptation to an exercise task in women with gestational diabetes mellitus versus women with uncomplicated pregnancies; Purpose: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for maternal and fetal complications. Patients with GDM have an increased cardiovascular risk in later life. The aim of this study was to investigate cardiac autonomic nervous system (ANS) function at rest and during exercise in women with GDM vs. women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Methods: Thirty-six normotensive pregnant women (21 with GDM and 15 age- and parity-matched women with an uncomplicated pregnancy) were enrolled in this case–control study. Continuous beat-by-beat blood pressure (BP) measurements were recorded during rest, intermittent handgrip exercise, and recovery (via photoplethysmography, Finapres®). Heart rate variability (HRV) (Kubios®) was used for the assessment of autonomic nervous system function. Results: The groups were similar in age, gestational week, and handgrip strength. At rest, no differences in HRV indices [root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD), standard deviation Poincaré plot 1, and 2 (SD1, SD2), SD2/SD1 ratio] were detected between women with GDM and women with an uncomplicated pregnancy. However, during exercise, a different pattern in the HRV responses was detected: in the control group, RMSSD and SD1 (indices of parasympathetic function) significantly decreased (p < 0.001) during handgrip exercise and returned to baseline during recovery. In contrast, in GDM, the above HRV indices remained unaltered throughout the protocol. Conclusion: Normotensive women with GDM present impaired parasympathetic system ability to adapt to an exercise stimulus, as suggested by the blunted sensitivity in RMSSD and SD1. This finding suggests early alterations in ANS may exist in women with GDM, even when no differences are detected in resting conditions.
Probable viremia and positive placental swabs for SARS-CoV-2 in a preterm pregnant woman with mild COVID-19; This study aimed to report a case of mild novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) in a pregnant woman with probable viremia, as reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) testing of endometrial and placental swabs for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) was positive. A 26-year-old multigravida at 35 weeks 2 days of gestation, who had extensive thigh and abdominal cellulitis, tested SARS-CoV-2 positive by RT-PCR performed on samples from the endometrium and maternal side of the placenta. However, other samples (amniotic fluid, fetal side of the placenta, umbilical cord, maternal vagina, and neonatal nasopharynx) tested negative for SARS-CoV-2. This is one of the rare reports of probable SARS-CoV-2 viremia with the presence of SARS-CoV-2 in the endometrium and placenta, but not leading to vertical transmission and neonatal infection. Because knowledge about transplacental transmission and results is very limited, we conclude that more RT-PCR tests on placental and cord blood samples are needed in order to safely make definite conclusions.
Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis during pregnancy: a review of the literature in epidemiology, pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment; Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis during pregnancy is rare; it is often misdiagnosed, resulting in a high maternal and foetal mortality rate. Herein, based on limited case reports including antepartum and postpartum cases, we reviewed the current studies of pregnancy-related hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, and compared the epidemiology, aetiology, diagnosis and treatment of pregnancy-related hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis with non-pregnancy, enriching the understanding of hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and its treatment in obstetrics.
Neuroimaging in Kabuki syndrome and another KMT2D-related disorder; Recognition of distinct phenotypic features is an important component of genetic diagnosis. Although CHARGE syndrome, Kabuki syndrome, and a recently delineated KMT2D Ex 38/39 allelic disorder exhibit significant overlap, differences on neuroimaging may help distinguish these conditions and guide genetic testing and variant interpretation. We present an infant clinically diagnosed with CHARGE syndrome but subsequently found to have a de novo missense variant in exon 38 of KMT2D, the gene implicated in both Kabuki syndrome and a distinct KMT2D allelic disorder. We compare her brain and inner ear morphology to a retrospective cohort of 21 patients with classic Kabuki syndrome and to typical CHARGE syndrome findings described in the literature. Thirteen of the 21 Kabuki syndrome patients had temporal bone imaging (5/13 CT, 12/13 MRI) and/or brain MRI (12/13) which revealed findings distinct from both CHARGE syndrome and the KMT2D allelic disorder. Our findings further elucidate the spectrum of inner ear dysmorphology distinguishing Kabuki syndrome and the KMT2D allelic disorder from CHARGE syndrome, suggesting that these three disorders may be differentiated at least in part by their inner ear anomalies.
Feasibility study of diabetic disease using segmentation technique; Diabetes is a lifelong and long-Term disease, which occurs when the pancreas does not produce enough insulin or the body produces insulin but it is not used properly. This leads to an increased concentration of glucose in the blood (hyperglycaemia).Around the globe many lives are frequently affecting through Diabetes. If Diabetes is not treated properly it will lead to lot of complications. If there is excess of glucose in the blood it causes vascular disease, this excess glucose damages the blood vessels also. In Type 1 diabetes body don t process enough insulin.Type-2 diabetes consists of array of dysfunction characterised by hyperglycaemia or it resists insulin. Hyperglycaemia induces large number of alterations which can result in atherosclerotic legion formation in the arteries and which will lead related conditions of diabetic vasculopathies. Type2 diabetic subjects are particularly at risk for vascular injury; adjunct in many of the subjects, cholesterol and triglyceride levels reach dangerously high levels and accumulate in the lumen of the subject s vascular system. All over the world about 463 million people are suffering from diabetes according to international diabetes federation. In that 77 million people are belongs to India. 8.7% diabetic population estimated in India in the age group of 20 and 70 years during the year 2020. There are three different types of diabetes namely, Type1, Type2, Gestational diabetes. Major risk factors for diabetes are over weight, obesity. Common signs of diabetes are often urination , feeling hungry, feeling thirsty, blurry vision, weight loss, numbness in hands, feet.Diabetes is diagnosed by glycated haemoglobin test, random blood sugar test, fasting blood sugar test, oral glucose tolerance test. Total of 20 subjects out of which five persons are healthy or non diabetic persons and the remaining 15 persons are of three categories namely patients with diabetes for less than 10 years, patients with diabetes for greater than 10 years, and patients with neuropathy; each category has five persons participating in this study. This research work focuses at proposing a non-invasive method of screening diabetes using thermoregulation of the peroneal vessel. Since diabetes affects the peroneal vessel of subjects significantly, in this work the thermoregulatory behaviour of peroneal vessel is studied for selected application of hot and cold stress. The study involved 20 subjects, out of which five persons are healthy or non-diabetic persons and the remaining 15 persons are of three categories namely patients with diabetes for less than 10 years, patients with diabetes for greater than 10 years, and patients with neuropathy; each category has five persons participating in this study.The results obtained show the feasibility of disease screening by the proposed method although it is to be improved for further classification of the stages of disease progression and accuracy. From the results, it is seen that the thermoregulatory response of the peroneal blood vessel in the leg to the cold stress is more meaningful as a disease marker compared to hot stress. From the classification results the accuracy of the proposed method is giving 75% for cold stress for a response time window of 2 minutes.
The factors associated with transient hypothyroxinemia of prematurity; Background: Hypothyroxinemia is defined by low levels of thyroxine (T4) despite low or normal levels of thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). This study aimed to evaluate the factors associated with transient hypothyroxinemia of prematurity (THOP) in newborns admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Method: This is a single center, retrospective, case-control study. Premature newborns, between 24 and 34 weeks of gestation, hospitalised between January 2014–December 2019 in Istanbul University-Cerrahpasa Faculty of Medicine NICU were analyzed through their medical records. Thyroid function tests were routinely performed between the 10th and 20th days of postnatal life and were evaluated according to the gestational age references. Thirty six possible associated factors (prenatal and postnatal parameters, medical treatments, clinical diagnoses and applications in NICU) were searched in the patient group with THOP (n = 71) and the control group with euthyroid prematures (n = 73). The factors for THOP were identified by univariate analysis, followed by multivariate analysis. Results: Mean gestational ages of the study and the control groups were 29.7 ± 2.48 and 30.5 ± 2.30 weeks, respectively (p = 0.606). The birth weight, small for gestational age (SGA), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), congenital heart disease (CHD) were found to be the possible associated factors for THOP in the univariate analysis and CHD (p = 0.007, odds ratio [OR]:4.9, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.5–15.8), BW (p = 0.004, OR:0.999, 95% CI: 0.9–1.0) and SGA (p = 0.010, OR:4.6, 95% CI: 1.4–14.7) were found to be factors associated with THOP determined by univariate logistic regression analysis. Conclusıons: Although some treatment practices might have had direct effects on pituitary–thyroid axis, related with the severity of the newborn clinical conditions, non of them was found to be a associated factor for THOP. However, CHD and SGA may be considered as associated factors with THOP detected in preterm infants.
The phenotypic spectrum of AMER1-related osteopathia striata with cranial sclerosis: The first Canadian cohort; Osteopathia striata with cranial sclerosis (OSCS; OMIM# 300373) is a rare X-linked disorder caused by mutations of the AMER1 gene. OSCS is traditionally considered a skeletal dysplasia, characterized by cranial sclerosis and longitudinal striations in the long bone metaphyses. However, OSCS affects many body systems and varies significantly in phenotypic severity between individuals. This case series focuses on the phenotypic presentation and development of individuals with OSCS. We provide an account of 12 patients with OSCS, ranging from 5 months to 38 years of age. These patients were diagnosed with OSCS after genetic testing confirmed pathogenic mutations in AMER1. Patient consent was obtained for photos and participation. Data were collected regarding perinatal history, dysmorphic features, and review of systems. This case series documents common facial dysmorphology, as well as rare extraskeletal features of OSCS, including two patients with intestinal malrotation and two patients with pyloric stenosis. We share four apparently nonmosaic males with OSCS (one de novo and three maternal variants). We also provide a clinical update on a patient who was previously published by Chénier et al. (2012). American Journal of Medical Genetics Part A, 158, 2946–2952. More research is needed to investigate the links between genotype and phenotype and assess the long-term comorbidities and overall quality of life of individuals with OSCS.
Nocturnal hypertension and risk of developing early-onset preeclampsia in high-risk pregnancies; To test the hypothesis that nocturnal hypertension identifies risk for early-onset preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE), we conducted an historical cohort study of consecutive high-risk pregnancies between 1st January 2016 and 31st March 2020. Office blood pressure (BP) measurements and ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) were performed. The cohort was divided into patients without PE or with early- or late-onset PE (<34 and ≥34 weeks of gestation, respectively). The relative risks of office and ABPM hypertension for the development of late- or early-onset PE were estimated with multinomial logistic regression using no PE as a reference category. Four hundred and seventy-seven women (mean age 30 ± 7 years, with 23 ± 7 weeks of gestation at the time of the BP measurements) were analyzed; 113 (23.7%) developed PE, 69 (14.5%) developed late-onset PE, 44 (9.2%) developed early-onset PE. Office and ambulatory BP increased between the groups, and women who developed early-onset PE had significantly higher office and ambulatory BP values than those with late-onset PE or without PE. Hypertension prevalence increased across groups, with the highest values in early-onset PE. Nocturnal hypertension was the most prevalent finding and was highly prevalent in women who developed early-onset PE (88.6%); only 1.6% of women without nocturnal hypertension developed early-onset PE. Additionally, nocturnal hypertension was a stronger predictor for early-onset PE than for late-onset PE (adjusted OR, 5.26 95%CI 1.67–16.60) vs. 2.06, 95%CI 1.26–4.55, respectively). In conclusion, nocturnal hypertension was the most frequent BP abnormality and a significant predictor of early-onset PE in high-risk pregnancies.
Diabetic pregnancy as a novel risk factor for cardiac dysfunction in the offspring—the heart as a target for fetal programming in rats; Aims/hypothesis: The impact of diabetic pregnancy has been investigated extensively regarding offspring metabolism; however, little is known about the influence on the heart. We aimed to characterise the effects of a diabetic pregnancy on male adult offspring cardiac health after feeding a high-fat diet in an established transgenic rat model. Methods: We applied our rat model for maternal type 2 diabetes characterised by maternal insulin resistance with hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia. Diabetes was induced preconceptionally via doxycycline-induced knock down of the insulin receptor in transgenic rats. Male wild-type offspring of diabetic and normoglycaemic pregnancies were raised by foster mothers, followed up into adulthood and subgroups were challenged by a high-fat diet. Cardiac phenotype was assessed by innovative speckle tracking echocardiography, circulating factors, immunohistochemistry and gene expression in the heart. Results: When feeding normal chow, we did not observe differences in cardiac function, gene expression and plasma brain natriuretic peptide between adult diabetic or normoglycaemic offspring. Interestingly, when being fed a high-fat diet, adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy demonstrated decreased global longitudinal (−14.82 ± 0.59 vs −16.60 ± 0.48%) and circumferential strain (−23.40 ± 0.57 vs −26.74 ± 0.34%), increased relative wall thickness (0.53 ± 0.06 vs 0.37 ± 0.02), altered cardiac gene expression, enlarged cardiomyocytes (106.60 ± 4.14 vs 87.94 ± 1.67 μm), an accumulation of immune cells in the heart (10.27 ± 0.30 vs 6.48 ± 0.48 per fov) and higher plasma brain natriuretic peptide levels (0.50 ± 0.12 vs 0.12 ± 0.03 ng/ml) compared with normoglycaemic offspring on a high-fat diet. Blood pressure, urinary albumin, blood glucose and body weight were unaltered between groups on a high-fat diet. Conclusions/interpretation: Diabetic pregnancy in rats induces cardiac dysfunction, left ventricular hypertrophy and altered proinflammatory status in adult offspring only after a high-fat diet. A diabetic pregnancy itself was not sufficient to impair myocardial function and gene expression in male offspring later in life. This suggests that a postnatal high-fat diet is important for the development of cardiac dysfunction in rat offspring after diabetic pregnancy. Our data provide evidence that a diabetic pregnancy is a novel cardiac risk factor that becomes relevant when other challenges, such as a high-fat diet, are present. Graphical abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Developmental programming by maternal obesity: Lessons from animal models; The obesity epidemic has led to more women entering pregnancy overweight or obese. In addition to adverse short-term outcomes, maternal obesity and/or gestational diabetes predispose offspring to developing obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood through developmental programming. Human epidemiological studies, although vital in identifying associations, are often unable to address causality and mechanistic studies can be limited by the lack of accessibility of key metabolic tissues. Furthermore, multi-generational studies take many years to complete. Integration of findings from human studies with those from animal models has therefore been critical in moving forward this field that has been termed the ‘Developmental Origins of Health and Disease’. This review summarises the evidence from animal models and highlights how animal models provide valuable insight into the maternal factors responsible for developmental programming, potential critical developmental windows, sexual dimorphism, molecular mechanisms and age-related offspring outcomes throughout life. Moreover, we describe how animal models are vital to explore clinically relevant interventions to prevent adverse offspring outcomes in obese or glucose intolerant pregnancy, such as antioxidant supplementation, exercise and maternal metformin treatment.
Cardiovascular Risk Screening and Pregnancy Complications: A Comparison of Two Canadian Maternal Health Clinic Populations; Objective: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk indicators between women who attended 2 different postpartum screening and education clinics: 1 at an urban tertiary care centre and 1 at a northern, rural community hospital. Risk differences associated with ethnicity were also examined. Methods: We conducted a retrospective record review that compared data from an urban clinic in Kingston, Ontario (n = 675) with those from a rural clinic in Prince Rupert, British Columbia (n = 65). Patients who had a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth, or placental abruption attended the clinics at 6 months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate cardiovascular risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These estimates were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. Results: Fifty-five percent of the Prince Rupert cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the Kingston cohort were White (P < 0.001). A greater proportion of the Kingston cohort had experienced hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P = 0.002), while a greater proportion of the Prince Rupert cohort had developed gestational diabetes (P=0.010). The Prince Rupert population had higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk scores (P = 0.008 and P = 0.005, respectively). Indigenous patients had more major cardiovascular risk factors as well as higher lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular risk scores (P = 0.001 and P = 0.008, respectively) than White and Asian patients. Conclusion: The increased cardiovascular disease risk in both rural and Indigenous women supports the need for better postpartum care, long-term follow-up, and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations.
Association Between Maternal Race and the Occurrence of Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease in the USA; Overall mortality due to congenital heart disease in the United States declined between 1999 and 2017. However, disparities still exist in occurrence and mortality rates among specific racial/ethnic groups in the USA. This study aims to find the association between maternal race and the occurrence of Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease (CCHD) in the USA. We carry out analysis on a secondary dataset (2017 Natality) obtained from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. This was analyzed using descriptive, bivariate, and regression analysis. This cross-sectional study obtained sociodemographic information-maternal race, independent and confounder variables (explanatory variables), and the occurrence of Cyanotic Congenital Heart Disease (outcome variable) within the reporting States and U.S. territories. There was a report of 3,864,754 live birth out of 325,719,178 USA races and origin populations for the 2017 review year. A total number of 2130 CCHD birth was reported to have occurred out of the 3,8161,947 live births. The Chi-square test showed a statistically significant association between maternal race and the occurrence of CCHD. As well as, the following confounders mother's age, mother's nativity, combined gestation, pre-pregnancy diabetes, pre-pregnancy hypertension, month prenatal care began, smoking status, and Nutrition (WIC) all having a p-value of 0.01 each, respectively. Unadjusted odds ratios at 95 % CI of the association between maternal race and CCHD were 56 % higher among American Indian and Alaska Native women (95% CI 1.13-2.15) than the white racial group. In addition, the Odds were 13% (95% CI 0.78-0.98) and 46% (95% CI 0.43-0.66) less likely amongst Black and Asian or Pacific Islander, respectively. The odds were 402% markedly high for pre-pregnancy diabetes, 159% for pre-pregnancy hypertension, 38 % for smoking status, and 44%, 159%, and 42% respectively for prenatal care from 1st to 2nd months, 4th to 6th months, and 7th to the final month, when compared to no prenatal care. The odds of having a CCHD was 16% less likely for mothers on Nutrition (mothers on WIC) (95% CI 0.77-0.92), 19% (95% CI 0.73-0.90) for mothers age (under 35 years) category, and likewise for mothers born outside of the USA at 39% (95% CI 1.22-1.56). On Adjustment for confounders, the OR for this relationship was on the higher side for many of the variables. The odds of occurrence of CCHD were 59 % higher amongBlack (95% CI 1.27-2.0), 35% among AIAN (95 % CI 1.05-1.74), and 92 % among American Indian and Alaska Native (95 % CI 1.26-2.93) racial categories whencompared to Asian or Pacific Islander categories. The odds of having a CCHD was also elevated on adjustment for mothers born outside of the USA at 39% (95% CI 1.22-1.56), and at from the 7th to final month 94% (95% CI 1.38-2.73). However, the odds were insignificant in other categories and variables. These estimates suggest theoccurrence of a CCHD is associated with the analyzed independent predictor and confounder variables. An association exists between maternal race and the occurrence of cyanotic congenital heart disease in the USA. Further research in this area, may therefore help to diminish the occurrence, morbidity, and or mortality of CCHD in America and globally as well.
Postnatal hypoglycemia and blood glucose concentrations in neonatal tropical goat kids; This study aimed to evaluate the influences of breed, sex, litter size, and birth weight on the incidence of postnatal hypoglycemia and blood glucose concentrations in neonatal tropical goats. A total of 160 neonatal goat kids belonging to Red Sokoto (n = 98), Sahel (n = 40), and West African Dwarf (n = 22) breeds, were categorized after birth based on glycemic status, sex, litter size, and birth weights (high or low). Blood samples were collected on postnatal days 0, 1, 2, 3, 10, and 20 to determine blood glucose concentrations. Results revealed that the incidence of hypoglycemia at birth among neonatal goat kids was 22.5% (36/160) and was significantly (P < 0.05) higher in the Sahel breed kids, twin kids, and kids born with low birth weights. After 24 hours, all hypoglycemic kids became normoglycemic but maintained lower (P < 0.05) blood glucose levels than those that were normoglycemic at birth, until day 10, when both groups had comparable blood glucose levels. In all groups, blood glucose concentrations increased significantly 24 hours postnatal, and kids with high birth weights had significantly higher values than those with low birth weights, while the buck kids had higher values than the doelings. There was a negative correlation (r = −0.31; P < 0.0003) between the blood glucose concentration of dams and those of their kids. In conclusion, the incidence of hypoglycemia in tropical goat kids was markedly influenced by breed, birth weight, and litter size. Furthermore, the hypoglycemic kids maintained lower blood glucose concentrations until day 10 postnatal, suggesting the need for relevant nutritional provisions for hypoglycemic kids during this critical period.
Prolongation of active second stage of labor: Associated factors and perinatal outcomes; Background: Current data does not allow to define a reasonable threshold of duration of active second stage (ASS) of labor beyond which a medical intervention should be considered. Primary objective was to analyse perinatal outcomes associated with prolonged ASS beyond 45 min. Secondarily, we analysed associated maternal, gestational, labor and delivery characteristics associated with prolonged ASS. Methods: We performed a monocentric retrospective study among women with vaginal delivery, a term singleton cephalic fetus, without history of cesarean section. We compared women with active second stage of labor longer than 45 min (ASS ≥45 min, group A) and women with instrumental vaginal delivery (IVD) only for failure to progress (FtP) before 45 min of pushing (group B). Primary outcome was postpartum hemorrhage (PPH). Maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with ASS ≥ 45 min were assessed with multivariable logistic regression models. Results: Prolonged ASS ≥45 min (group A, N=177) was associated with lower rate of persistent occiput posterior position (1.7 vs 9.5%, p<0.01) and of non-engaged presentation when expulsive efforts started (10.7 vs 27.4%, p<0.01), compared to IVD for FtP <45 min (group B, N=84). In group A, 52% of women had instrumental delivery. Prolonged active second stage was independently associated with lower odds of episiotomy (38.4 vs 61.9%, AOR(95%CI)=0.43[0.24-0.78]) and was not associated with PPH (5.1 vs 5.9%, AOR=1.01[0.28-3.68]), pH<7.20, 5-min Apgar score < 7 (20.2 vs 15.9%, AOR=2.00[0.89-4.48]), lactates > 6 (23.0 vs 24.3, AOR=1.45[0.68-3.07]) or transfer to neonatal intensive care unit (6.2 vs 2.4%, AOR=4.71[0.76-29.08]. Discussion: Extending the duration of active second stage of labor beyond 45 min seems reasonable under rigorous surveillance of maternal and fetal wellbeing.
Good performance of bioimpedance in early pregnancy to predict preeclampsia; Introduction: Preeclampsia (PE) affects 2–8% of pregnancies and is one of the main causes of maternal morbidity and mortality worldwide. Early identification of pregnant women at higher risk for PE would allow the use of interventions to reduce adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Objective: To assess the ability of bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) in pregnancy to predict the development of PE. Methods: This prospective cohort involved healthy nulliparas who underwent BIA at 17–20 weekś gestation and were followed until delivery. We used univariate and multivariate logistic regression to assess the ability of BIA measures to predict the occurrence of PE. We used an adjusted regression model to estimate the probability of developing PE, the Hosmer-Lemeshow test to assess the adequacy of the final model, and ROC curves to assess the sensitivity and specificity of different BIA measures in the prediction of PE. Results: Twelve (6.1%) of the 196 participants developed PE. In the final multivariate model, the following BIA measures were associated with the occurrence of PE: extracellular water/intracellular water ≤ 0.618, skeletal muscle mass ≥ 25 Kg, and body fat percentage ≥ 44%. The combination of these three measures had a predictive accuracy of 83.7%, a sensitivity of 83.3%, a specificity of 83.7%, and a negative predictive value of 98.7% for PE. Conclusion: BIA done on nulliparous women at 17–20 weekś gestation has a good accuracy and high negative predictive value for the risk of developing PE.
Systemic erythematosus lupus and pregnancy outcomes in a Colombian cohort; Objective: Pregnant women with SLE have higher probabilities of maternal complications. SLE during pregnancy has alternating patterns of remission and flare-ups; however, most pregnant SLE patients tend to worsen with associated poor obstetric and perinatal outcomes. This study aimed to describe obstetric outcomes in pregnant women with SLE. Methods: This retrospective study was performed between 2011 and 2020 at a highly complex referral health center in Cali, Colombia. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of SLE were included. Demographic, clinical, and laboratory features and obstetric and fetal outcomes, including intensive care unit (ICU) characteristics, were evaluated. Results: Forty-eight pregnant women with SLE were included. The median age was 29 (25–33.7) years. The SLE diagnosis was made before pregnancy in 38 (79.1%) patients, with a median disease duration of 46 (12–84) months. Thirteen (27.1%) patients had lupus nephritis. Preterm labor (34, 70.8%), preeclampsia (25, 52%), and preterm rupture of membranes (10, 20.8%) were the most common obstetric complications. A relationship between a greater systemic lupus erythematosus pregnancy disease activity index (SLEPDAI) and the development of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy was established (preeclampsia = p < 0.0366; eclampsia = p < 0.0153). A relationship was identified between lupus nephritis (LN) and eclampsia (p < 0.01), preterm labor (p < 0.045), and placental abruption (p < 0.01). Seventeen (35.4%) patients required ICU admission; 52.9% of them were due to AID activity, 17.6% for cardiovascular damage, 11.7% for septic shock, and 5.8% for acute kidney failure. Fetal survival was 89.5% (N = 43/48). Among the live births, two (4.2%) newborns were diagnosed with neonatal lupus, and two (4.2%) were diagnosed with congenital heart block. One maternal death was registered due to preeclampsia and intraventricular hemorrhage. Conclusions: This study is the first to describe SLE during pregnancy in Colombia. SLE was the most prevalent AID in this cohort, and complications included preterm labor, preeclampsia, and postpartum hemorrhage. A higher SLEPDAI and lupus nephritis predicted adverse maternal outcomes.
Reproductive history and blood cell DNA methylation later in life: the Young Finns Study; Background: Women with a history of complications of pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes or an infant fetal growth restriction or preterm birth, are at higher risk for cardiovascular disease later in life. We aimed to examine differences in maternal DNA methylation following pregnancy complications. Methods: Data on women participating in the Young Finns study (n = 836) were linked to the national birth registry. DNA methylation in whole blood was assessed using the Infinium Methylation EPIC BeadChip. Epigenome-wide analysis was conducted on differential CpG methylation at 850 K sites. Reproductive history was also modeled as a predictor of four epigenetic age indices. Results: Fourteen significant differentially methylated sites were found associated with both history of pre-eclampsia and overall hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. No associations were found between reproductive history and any epigenetic age acceleration measure. Conclusions: Differences in epigenetic methylation profiles could represent pre-existing risk factors, or changes that occurred as a result of experiencing these complications.
Quantifying remission probability in type 2 diabetes mellitus; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a chronic progressive disorder and is associated with significant morbidity and mortality. The concept of T2DM remission and the reversal of diabetic parameters to normal levels has been gaining momentum over the past years. T2DM remission is increasingly being recognized by various global guidelines. Multiple models have been developed and validated for quantifying the extent of remission achieved. Based on favorable clinical evidence, T2DM remission can be considered as the therapeutic goal in diabetes management and, in select cases, as an alternative to expensive treatment options, which can be burdensome as T2DM progresses. This narrative review discusses the available strategies, such as lifestyle interventions, physical activity, bariatric surgery, medical nutrition therapy, and non-insulin glucose-lowering medications, for achieving T2DM remission. Although the concept of T2DM remission has emerged as a real-world option, effective implementation in routine clinical practice may not be feasible until long-term studies prove the efficacy of different approaches in this regard.
Transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects in angiomir expression profiles of feto-placental endothelial cells; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE) are associated with fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hypoxia, or both. These adverse conditions may compromise fetal and placental endothelial cells. In fact, GDM and PE affect feto-placental endothelial function and also program endothelial function and cardiovascular disease risk of the offspring in the long-term. MicroRNAs are short, non-coding RNAs that regulate protein translation and fine tune biological processes. A group of microRNAs termed angiomiRs is particularly involved in the regulation of endothelial function. We hypothesized that transient hyperglycemia and hypoxia may alter angiomiR expression in feto-placental endothelial cells (fpEC). Thus, we isolated primary fpEC after normal, uncomplicated pregnancy, and induced hyperglycemia (25 mM) and hypoxia (6.5%) for 72 h, followed by reversal to normal conditions for another 72 h. Current vs. transient effects on angiomiR profiles were analyzed by RT-qPCR and subjected to miRNA pathway analyses using DIANA miRPath, MIENTURNET and miRPathDB. Both current and transient hypoxia affected angiomiR profile stronger than current and transient hyperglycemia. Both stimuli altered more angiomiRs transiently, i.e., followed by 72 h culture at control conditions. Pathway analysis revealed that hypoxia significantly altered the pathway ‘Proteoglycans in cancer’. Transient hypoxia specifically affected miRNAs related to ‘adherens junction’. Our data reveal that hyperglycemia and hypoxia induce memory effects on angiomiR expression in fpEC. Such memory effects may contribute to long-term adaption and maladaption to hyperglycemia and hypoxia.
The impact of gestational diabetes in pregnancy on the cardiovascular system of children at one year of age; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication in pregnancy. The effect of GDM on the cardiovascular system after birth is still unclear. Between August 2015 and December 2018, 205 pregnant women were included in the prospective controlled observational study. Patients with GDM were assigned to the study group (n = 99), whereas (n = 107) healthy women served as controls. Postnatal follow up of their offspring was performed at 12 months of age. All included children (n = 125) underwent a specific standardized protocol including anthropometric data, such as weight, height, body mass index (BMI), blood pressure (BP) recordings and ultrasound measurements of the abdominal aortic intima‐media‐thickness (IMT). Furthermore, at least 10 min 3‐channel electrocardiogram recording was done to evaluate the autonomic nervous system (ANS) by phase rectified signal averaging. There were no significant differences in anthropometric data between the groups, neither in the blood pressure nor in the intima‐media‐thickness of the aorta abdominals. However, in the study group, significantly lower average acceleration capacity (AAC) (study group −20.10 ± 3.04 ms, control group −18.87 ± 4.00 ms, p = 0.02) was found, indicating ANS activation at one year of age. Further studies are required to determine if these results are persistent and if these findings have long‐term effects.
Neonatal Myocardial Infarction in Association With Gestational Diabetes; Fetal and neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a complication of gestational diabetes and usually follows a benign course. In this report, we present a rare case of a newborn of a diabetic mother with severe ventricular hypertrophy who developed myocardial infarction confirmed by elevated cardiac enzymes, electrocardiographic changes, and subendocardial ischemia on cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Follow-up revealed complete functional myocardial recovery with normalisation of ventricular systolic and diastolic functions on serial echocardiograms.
Decreased fetal movements: A sign of placental sars-cov-2 infection with perinatal brain injury; Neonatal COVID-19 is rare and mainly results from postnatal transmission. Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2), however, can infect the placenta and compro-mise its function. We present two cases of decreased fetal movements and abnormal fetal heart rhythm 5 days after mild maternal COVID-19, requiring emergency caesarean section at 29 + 3 and 32 + 1 weeks of gestation, and leading to brain injury. Placental examination revealed extensive and multifocal chronic intervillositis, with intense cytoplasmic positivity for SARS-CoV-2 spike antibody and SARS-CoV-2 detection by RT-qPCR. Vertical transmission was confirmed in one case, and both neonates developed extensive cystic peri-ventricular leukomalacia.
Developmental effects of (Pre-)gestational diabetes on offspring: Systematic screening using omics approaches; Worldwide, gestational diabetes affects 2–25% of pregnancies. Due to related disturbances of the maternal metabolism during the periconceptional period and pregnancy, children bear an increased risk for future diseases. It is well known that an aberrant intrauterine environment caused by elevated maternal glucose levels is related to elevated risks for increased birth weights and metabolic disorders in later life, such as obesity or type 2 diabetes. The complexity of disturbances induced by maternal diabetes, with multiple underlying mechanisms, makes early diagnosis or prevention a challenging task. Omics technologies allowing holistic quantification of several classes of molecules from biological fluids, cells, or tissues are powerful tools to systematically investigate the effects of maternal diabetes on the offspring in an unbiased manner. Differentially abundant molecules or distinct molecular profiles may serve as diagnostic biomarkers, which may also support the development of preventive and therapeutic strategies. In this review, we summarize key findings from state-of-the-art Omics studies addressing the impact of maternal diabetes on offspring health.
Fetal left ventricular modified myocardial performance index and renal artery pulsatility index in pregnancies with isolated oligohydramnios before 37 weeks of gestation; Objective: The aim was to evaluate fetal left modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and renal artery Doppler parameters in fetuses with isolated oligohydramnios and a normal amount of amniotic fluid. Material and Methods: This was a prospective cohort study; 25 pregnancies with isolated oligohydramnios and 25 healthy, gestational age-matched controls, between 24+0 to 36+6 weeks of gestation, were recruited. Primary outcome was to compare left modified MPI and mean fetal renal artery pulsatility index (PI). The secondary outcome was to compare adverse perinatal outcomes between the groups. Results: Mean Mod-MPI was significantly higher (p=0.001) and isovolumetric relaxation time was longer (p=0.009) in the isolated oligohydramnios group. Mean renal artery PI values were not different between the groups. Birthweight (p=0.041) and gestational age at birth (p=0.001) were significantly lower, and incidences of delivery before 37 weeks (p=0.034) and Cesarean section due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate testing (p=0.021) were significantly higher in women with isolated oligohydramnios than the control group. We found no significant relationship between Mod-MPI and adverse perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: Fetuses with isolated oligohydramnios have increased left Mod-MPI, which may be due to mild cardiac diastolic dysfunction. Increased Mod-MPI is not associated with adverse perinatal outcomes and does not seem to help in the management of pregnancies before 37 weeks of gestation with isolated oligohydramnios.
Mother's Bed Incline and Desaturation Episodes in Healthy Term Newborns during Early Skin-to-Skin Contact: A Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction: Early skin-to-skin contact (ESSC) is associated with rare, sudden, unexpected postnatal collapse episodes. Placing the newborn in ESSC closer to an upright position may reduce the risk of airway obstruction and improve respiratory mechanics. This study assessed whether a greater inclination of the mother's bed during ESSC would reduce the proportion of healthy term newborns (HTNs) who experienced episodes of pulse oximeter saturation (SpO<sub>2</sub>) <91%. Methods: We conducted a multicenter randomized controlled trial comparing the effect of the mother's bed incline, 45° versus 15°, on desaturation in HTNs during ESSC. Before delivery on 1,271 dyads, randomization was conducted, and stringent criteria to select healthy mothers and term newborns were monitored until after birth. Preductal SpO<sub>2</sub> was continuously monitored between 10 min and 2 h after birth. The primary outcome was the occurrence of at least one episode of SpO<sub>2</sub> <91%. Results: 254 (20%) mother-infant dyads were eligible for analysis (45°, n = 126; 15°, n = 128). Overall, 57% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 51%-63%) of newborns showed episodes of SpO<sub>2</sub> <91%. The proportion of infants with SpO<sub>2</sub> <91% episodes was 52% in 45° and 62% in 15° (relative risk: 0.80; 95% CI: 0.6-1.07). Conclusions: We did not show that a high mother bed inclination during ESSC led to significantly fewer HTNs who experienced episodes of SpO<sub>2</sub> <91%. Desaturation episodes from 10 min to 2 h after birth occurred in more than half of HTNs.
Looking at the Future through the Mother's Womb: Gestational Diabetes and Offspring Fertility; Altered nutrition or intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development or earlier in a mother's life can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to diseases that manifest when offspring become adults. An example is a maternal obesity associated with gestational diabetes (GDM), where fetal exposure to a hyperglycemic, hyperinsulinemic, and/or hyperlipidemic gestational environment can provoke epigenetic changes that predispose offspring to various diseased conditions later in life. While it is now well established that offspring exposed to GDM have an increased risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, and/or cardiovascular disease in adult life, there are limited studies assessing the reproductive health of these offspring. This mini-review discusses the long-term effect of in utero exposure to GDM-associated adverse prenatal environment on the reproductive health of the offspring. Moreover, using evidence from various animal models and human epidemiological studies, this review offers molecular insight and understanding of how epigenetic reprogramming of genes culminates in reproductive dysfunction and the development of subfertility or infertility later in adult life.
Interpreting clinical latent representations using autoencoders and probabilistic models; Electronic health records (EHRs) are a valuable data source that, in conjunction with deep learning (DL) methods, have provided important outcomes in different domains, contributing to supporting decision-making. Owing to the remarkable advancements achieved by DL-based models, autoencoders (AE) are becoming extensively used in health care. Nevertheless, AE-based models are based on nonlinear transformations, resulting in black-box models leading to a lack of interpretability, which is vital in the clinical setting. To obtain insights from AE latent representations, we propose a methodology by combining probabilistic models based on Gaussian mixture models and hierarchical clustering supported by Kullback-Leibler divergence. To validate the methodology from a clinical viewpoint, we used real-world data extracted from EHRs of the University Hospital of Fuenlabrada (Spain). Records were associated with healthy and chronic hypertensive and diabetic patients. Experimental outcomes showed that our approach can find groups of patients with similar health conditions by identifying patterns associated with diagnosis and drug codes. This work opens up promising opportunities for interpreting representations obtained by the AE-based model, bringing some light to the decision-making process made by clinical experts in daily practice.
Caudal regression syndrome — a rare congenital disorder: A case report; Caudal regression syndrome is a rare anomaly that is characterised by impaired development of the lower half of the body. This includes absent or abnormal development of lumbar and sacrococcygeal segments. Other associations of this disease include abnormalities of genitourinary tract, gastrointestinal tract, and cardiopulmonary system. The exact aetiology is unknown and is believed to be multifactorial but maternal diabetes is significantly linked to this rare disorder. We report the case of a new-born baby boy with caudal regression syndrome, hyperbilirubinaemia and patent ductus arteriosus.
Use of Race, Ethnicity, and National Origin in Studies Assessing Cardiovascular Risk in Women With a History of Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy; Women with a history of hyperBtensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are at particularly high risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and CVD-related death, and certain racial and ethnic subpopulations are disproportionately affected by these conditions. We examined the use of race, ethnicity, and national origin in observational studies assessing CVD morbidity and mortality in women with a history of HDP. A total of 124 studies, published between 1976 and 2021, were reviewed. We found that white women were heavily overrepresented, encompassing 53% of all participants with HDP. There was limited and heterogeneous reporting of race and ethnicity information across studies and only 27 studies reported including race and/or ethnicity variables in at least 1 statistical analysis. Only 2 studies mentioned the use of these variables as a strength; several others (k = 18) reported a lack of diversity among participants as a study limitation. Just over half of included articles (k = 68) reported at least 1 sociodemographic variable other than race and ethnicity (eg, marital status and income); however, none investigated how they might have worked synergistically or antagonistically with race and/or ethnicity to influence participants’ risk of CVD. These findings highlight significant areas for improvement in cardiovascular obstetrics research, including the need for more robust and standardized methods for collecting, reporting, and using sociodemographic information. Future studies of CVD risk in women with a history of HDP should explicitly examine racial and ethnic differences and use an intersectional approach.
DIETARY PATTERNS and THEIR ASSOCIATION with GLYCEMIC CONTROL and RISK of GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS in GAZA STRIP, PALESTINE: A CASE-CONTROL STUDY; Background: This study was conducted to determine the major dietary patterns and their association with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); and to compare the level of glycemic control among women with and without GDM. Method: This is a case-control study was conducted in the primary healthcare centers, in the year 2021, among 210 pregnant women, with gestational age ≥ 24 weeks, aged 20-40 years (70 cases and 140 controls matched for age and geographical location), selected by a purposive sampling method. A validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire and the international physical activity questionnaire short-form were used. Furthermore, the demographic-socioeconomic and medical history data were collected using an interview-based questionnaire. The WHO criteria were used for the diagnosis of GDM. Additionally, the HbA1c was used as a marker of glycemic control. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS version 22. Results: The principle component analysis show two major dietary patterns (Healthy and unhealthy). After adjustment for confounding variables, women in the lowest tertile of the healthy dietary pattern had a lower odd for GDM [OR, CI 95%: 0.730 (0.596-.895); P-value 0.002]; whereas women in the lowest tertile of the unhealthy dietary pattern had a higher odd for GDM [OR, CI 95%: 3.41 (0.033-0.154); P-value 0.003]. Conclusion: The healthy dietary pattern may be associated with a lower risk of GDM; whereas the unhealthy dietary pattern may be associated with a high risk of GDM in Gaza Strip, Palestine.
Expect the Unexpected - First Case of Congenital Rubella Syndrome in Israel in 20 Years: A Case Report; Congenital rubella syndrome (CRS) is a devastating condition associated with significant morbidity. Due to universal vaccination programs, it is currently a rare condition, especially in developed countries. We report an infant born in Israel to a foreign worker from the Philippines who presented with a blueberry muffin rash immediately after birth. Initial workup revealed sonographic brain anomalies, abnormal hearing tests, and a patent ductus arteriosus. CRS was subsequently confirmed by laboratory diagnosis. Rubella virus genotype 1E was detected in the infant's nasopharyngeal swab and urine samples. This was the first case of CRS in Israel in 20 years, emphasizing the need to "think outside the box"when dealing with infants of mothers who are foreign workers, refugees, or visitors of foreign relatives, in which rubella immune status is unknown. Additionally, public health authorities should consider the routine assessment of rubella immunity status of foreign workers in order to avoid such tragic, preventable diseases. We present a case of congenital rubella syndrome - rarely seen in developed countries. This emphasis the need to "think out of the box"when dealing with infants of mothers who come from countries in which the vaccination program is not well established.
Identical cardiac lesions with divergent physiology in a monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy; This case study reviews a monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy resulting in twins with identical cardiac lesions with divergent physiology. Fetal Care patient with complications including monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy, Trisomy 21 in both twins, gestational diabetes, and growth restriction of Twin A. The fetal ECHO on Twin A showed Tetralogy of Fallot and arch hypoplasia. The fetal ECHO on Twin B showed Tetralogy of Fallot. The twins were born at 30 weeks gestation. The Apgars on twin A were 6 and 7, Apgars on twin B were 7 and 8. Postnatal echocardiogram for Twin A showed moderately sized perimembranous VSD with bidirectional flow, appears mostly covered by tricuspid valve tissue. Small to moderately sized PDA with bidirectional shunting. PFO vs secundum ASD with left to right flow, no left heart enlargement. Mild tricuspid regurgitation. Normal biventricular systolic function. Postnatal echocardiogram for Twin B showed moderately sized perimembranous VSD (3.5 mm) with bidirectional flow, partially covered by tricuspid valve tissue. Moderately sized PDA with bidirectional shunting. Patent foramen ovale vs secundum atrial septal defect with mostly left to right flow, no left heart enlargement. Mild tricuspid regurgitation. Normal biventricular systolic function. Both twins spent 3 months in the NICU mostly due to feeding difficulties resulting in a G-tube placement for both twins and respiratory failure. Both twins had been started on Lasix while in the NICU for clinical signs of pulmonary overcirculation. Both twins failed weaning from respiratory support due to desaturations and were discharged on 1/8L nasal cannula. At their first outpatient clinic visit, both twins had low velocity flow across their ventricular septal defects and a soft murmur on exam concerning for elevated right heart pressures. A catheterization was completed on each twin with very divergent findings. The catheterization findings on Twin A showed a moderate perimembranous VSD, moderate secundum ASD, mildly elevated RVEDP (11 mmHg), elevated PA pressure (40-42 mmHg), normal PVR (1.92 iWU), upper normal LVEDP (10 mmHg), Qp:Qs = 4.25:1. The findings on Twin B showed a large perimembranous VSD with baseline Qp:Qs 2.27:1, elevated pulmonary vascular resistance at baseline 5.7 Woods units x m2, pulmonary vasodilator testing with iNO 40 ppm and FiO2 60% demonstrated improvement in PVR to high normal level 2.7 Woods units 9 m2 and lowered normal cardiac output 2.4 L/min/m2. Based on catheterization twin A underwent surgical intervention closure of VSD, closure of ASD, and ligation of the ductus. Based on catheterization Twin B was started on Tadalafil prior to the operation. The surgical intervention completed was closure of an ASD and VSD and ligation of the ductus. The post-operative course for both twins was uncomplicated. Both twins had identical cardiac lesions, echocardiogram findings with low velocity shunting across the ventricular septal defect with a soft murmur. Their cardiac cath hemodynamics were drastically different with Twin A with a Qp:Qs of 4.25:1 and significant pulmonary overcirculation and Twin B with an elevated PVR at baseline that was reactive to pulmonary vasodilators and started medication prior to surgery.
The Spectrum of Antibiotic Prescribing during COVID-19 Pandemic: A Systematic Literature Review; Objectives: Over the last decades, there has been a significant increase in antimicrobial prescribing and consumption associated with the development of patients' adverse events and antimicrobial resistance (AMR) to the point of becoming a global priority. This study aims at evaluating antibiotic prescribing during COVID-19 pandemic from November 2019 to December 2020. Materials and Methods: A systematic review was conducted primarily through the NCBI database, using PRISMA guidelines to identify relevant literature for the period between November 1, 2019 and December 19, 2020, using the keywords: COVID-19 OR SARS-Cov-2 AND antibiotics restricted to the English language excluding nonclinical articles. Five hundred twenty-seven titles were identified; all articles fulfilling the study criteria were included, 133 through the NCBI, and 8 through Google Scholar with a combined total of 141 studies. The patient's spectrum included all ages from neonates to elderly with all associated comorbidities, including immune suppression. Results: Of 28,093 patients included in the combined studies, 58.7% received antibiotics (16,490/28,093), ranging from 1.3% to 100% coverage. Antibiotics coverage was less in children (57%) than in adults with comorbidities (75%). Broad-spectrum antibiotics were prescribed presumptively without pathogen identifications, which might contribute to adverse outcomes. Conclusions: During the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a significant and wide range of antibiotic prescribing in patients affected by the disease, particularly in adults with underlying comorbidities, despite the paucity of evidence of associated bacterial infections. The current practice might increase patients' immediate and long-term risks of adverse events, susceptibility to secondary infections as well as aggravating AMR.
Longitudinal Observation of Insulin Use and Glucose Sensor Metrics in Pregnant Women with Type 1 Diabetes Using Continuous Glucose Monitors and Insulin Pumps: The LOIS-P Study; Background: Suboptimal glycemic control is associated with maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality in pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes (T1D). Prospective analysis of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) metrics, insulin pump settings, and insulin delivery can better characterize the changes in glycemic levels and insulin use throughout pregnancy with T1D. Materials and Methods: Prescribed parameters, insulin delivery, carbohydrate intake, and CGM data for 25 pregnant women with T1D from three U.S. sites were collected. Participants enrolled before 17 weeks gestation and used personal insulin pumps and study CGM. Mean daily total, basal, and bolus insulin doses (units/kg), CGM time in range (TIR: 63-140 mg/dL), and pump-entered carbohydrates were analyzed for every 2-week gestational interval. Linear mixed-effects regression models were used to evaluate changes across gestational ages compared to 12-14 weeks. Results: Basal insulin was higher during weeks 6-12 and 24-40. Daily bolus and total insulin were higher during weeks 20-40. Pump parameters were adjusted to intensify insulin therapy from 22 weeks onward. Average TIR across pregnancy was 59% ± 14%. Between 18 and 30 weeks, TIR was significantly lower, and time above range was significantly higher compared to the reference biweek. Time below target was lower between 22 and 34 weeks. Seven participants achieved >70% recommended TIR for pregnancy. Participants with maternal complications or infant neonatal intensive care unit admissions had lower TIR. Conclusion: While insulin dosing changed significantly with advancing gestation, most participants did not achieve >70% TIR. Customized anticipatory pump setting adjustments and automated systems aimed toward the designated TIR are needed to improve outcomes for this population. NCT03761615
Pregnancy Complications Can Foreshadow Future Disease-Long-Term Outcomes of a Complicated Pregnancy; During gestation, the maternal body should increase its activity to fulfil the demands of the developing fetus as pregnancy progresses. Each maternal organ adapts in a unique manner and at a different time during pregnancy. In an organ or system that was already vulnerable before pregnancy, the burden of pregnancy can trigger overt clinical manifestations. After delivery, symptoms usually reside; however, in time, because of the age-related metabolic and pro-atherogenic changes, they reappear. Therefore, it is believed that pregnancy acts as a medical stress test for mothers. Pregnancy complications such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus foreshadow cardiovascular disease and/or diabetes later in life. Affected women are encouraged to modify their lifestyle after birth by adjusting their diet and exercise habits. Blood pressure and plasmatic glucose level checking are recommended so that early therapeutic intervention can reduce long-term morbidity. Currently, the knowledge of the long-term consequences in women who have had pregnancy-related syndromes is still incomplete. A past obstetric history may, however, be useful in determining the risk of diseases later in life and allow timely intervention.
Investigating the prevalence of macrovascular and microvascular complications among diabetic patients; Background: Diabetes is one of the non-communicable disease that attributed to more than 70% death in Malaysia. 1 in 5 adults in Malaysia are diabetic and 1 in 2 adults are obese. The information on the complications of diabetic in Malaysia is scarce and some of the reports are not published. Aim: Our research aimed to investigate the complications among uncontrolled diabetic patients seen in Diabetes Mellitus Medication Therapy Adherence Clinic (DMTAC). Methods: A cross-sectional study using an established clinical registry was conducted from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 at Serdang Hospital. The complications reported on the first point of contact with DMTAC pharmacist were analysed among uncontrolled diabetic patients. Inclusion criteria include Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus patients and exclusion include less than 18 years old, incomplete data, pregnant and gestational diabetes mellitus patients. Results: A total of 495 patients with mean HbA1c of 10.5% were included in the study. Out of 491 patients, 91% of these patients are obese/overweight. 37.8% of diabetic patients fall within 50-59 age bracket and 59% has been diagnosed with diabetes for less than 10 years. 8.4% and 9.6% consume alcohol and smoke respectively. 29.8% has 2 comorbidities (either diabetes with hypertension and dyslipidemia) and 63.4% has all 3 comorbidities. 18.9% had a history of myocardial infarction, 11.1% had a history of stroke and 9% were CKD patients. Conclusion: By understanding the current pattern of diabetes and the comorbidities, it is hoped that a tailored and targeted public education can be done so that effective intervention can be carried out to negate these complications.
Atherogenic lipid indices in gestational diabetes mellitus-to worry or not to worry?; INTRODUCTION & OBJECTIVES : Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined by the ADA as ?hyperglycemia diagnosed for the first time during the second or third trimester of pregnancy.? The prevalence of GDM in Tamil Nadu is as high as 18.9%. These women are at a grave liability to develop cardiovascular disease (CVD) regardless of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus. Atherogenic indices are lipid ratios derived from the lipid profile. These indices are robust in identifying the risk for long-term CVD development. These indices are ideal for population-level screening strategies since they are readily available in most laboratories. The study aims to compare the atherogenic indices in GDM patients and normal pregnancies. METHODOLOGY: This was a cross-sectional study. This study had two groups, GDM patients and normal antenatal women. Parameters were measured using commercially standard kits in the laboratory. RESULTS The atherogenic lipid indices were significantly higher in the cases when compared with the controls viz., Triglyceride glucose index (TyG) (p<0.001), Atherogenic index of plasma (log TGL/HDL-C) (p=0.004), Atherogenic coefficient (TC-HDL-C/HDLC) (p=0.001), Castelli's risk index I (TC/HDL-C) (p=0.001) & Castelli's risk index II (LDL-C/HDL-C) (p=0.001). CONCLUSION: The findings validate the fact that women with GDM are susceptible to develop CVD much earlier than their normal counterparts. These atherogenic indices can be used as screening tools in all GDM patients for early risk assessment and management. It would not only reduce the mortality imposed by CVD but also limit the overhead economic expenditure incurred by CVD complications in the long run.
Case Report: Behavioral Disorder Following Hemispherotomy: A Valproate Effect?; Background: Hemispherotomy is an epilepsy surgery procedure applied to cure particularly pharmacorefractory lesional epilepsy due to unihemispheric pathologies. Such a disconnection of an entire hemisphere is followed by reorganizational processes. Methods: We describe an acute aggravation of behavioral problems following a hemispherotomy in a patient treated with valproic acid, which subsided once valproate was discontinued. Results: A 9-year-old boy with drug-resistant epilepsy caused by the residua of a perinatal stroke treated for several years with valproic acid and lamotrigine underwent hemispherotomy. Shortly after surgery, minimal preoperative behavioral problems intensified dramatically, and aggression occurred as a new symptom. Assuming a correlation between valproate treatment and the postoperative altered neuronal network, we tapered off valproate. The behavioral problems decreased in intensity with the reduction of valproate dose and disappeared after drug discontinuation. Conclusion: We describe severe behavioral problems after hemispherotomy that subsided when valproate was tapered off. While we cannot rule out a spontaneous correction of a post-hemispherotomy network dysregulation, our report raises awareness to possible altered effects of the anticonvulsant valproic acid parallel to reorganizational processes after hemispherotomy.
The role of cardiovascular risk factors in maternal cardiovascular disease according to offspring birth characteristics in the HUNT study; A history of preterm or small (SGA) or large (LGA) for gestational age offspring is associated with smoking and unfavorable levels of BMI, blood pressure, glucose and lipids. Whether and to what extent the excess cardiovascular risk observed in women with these pregnancy complications is explained by conventional cardiovascular risk factors (CVRFs) is not known. We examined the association between a history of SGA, LGA or preterm birth and cardiovascular disease among 23,284 parous women and quantified the contribution of individual CVRFs to the excess cardiovascular risk using an inverse odds weighting approach. The hazard ratios (HR) between SGA and LGA offspring and CVD were 1.30 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.15, 1.48) and 0.89 (95% CI 0.76, 1.03), respectively. Smoking explained 49% and blood pressure may have explained ≈12% of the excess cardiovascular risk in women with SGA offspring. Women with preterm birth had a 24% increased risk of CVD (HR 1.24, 95% CI 1.06, 1.45), but we found no evidence for CVRFs explaining any of this excess cardiovascular risk. While smoking explains a substantial proportion of excess cardiovascular risk in women with SGA offspring and blood pressure may explain a small proportion in these women, we found no evidence that conventional CVRFs explain any of the excess cardiovascular risk in women with preterm birth.
Influence of Inflammation on Cytochromes P450 Activity in Adults: A Systematic Review of the Literature; Background: Available in-vitro and animal studies indicate that inflammation impacts cytochromes P450 (CYP) activity via multiple and complex transcriptional and post-transcriptional mechanisms, depending on the specific CYP isoforms and the nature of inflammation mediators. It is essential to review the current published data on the impact of inflammation on CYP activities in adults to support drug individualization based on comorbidities and diseases in clinical practice. Methods: This systematic review was conducted in PubMed through 7th January 2021 looking for articles that investigated the consequences of inflammation on CYP activities in adults. Information on the source of inflammation, victim drugs (and CYPs involved), effect of disease-drug interaction, number of subjects, and study design were extracted. Results: The search strategy identified 218 studies and case reports that met our inclusion criteria. These articles were divided into fourteen different sources of inflammation (such as infection, autoimmune diseases, cancer, therapies with immunomodulator…). The impact of inflammation on CYP activities appeared to be isoform-specific and dependent on the nature and severity of the underlying disease causing the inflammation. Some of these drug-disease interactions had a significant influence on drug pharmacokinetic parameters and on clinical management. For example, clozapine levels doubled with signs of toxicity during infections and the concentration ratio between clopidogrel’s active metabolite and clopidogrel is 48-fold lower in critically ill patients. Infection and CYP3A were the most cited perpetrator of inflammation and the most studied CYP, respectively. Moreover, some data suggest that resolution of inflammation results in a return to baseline CYP activities. Conclusion: Convincing evidence shows that inflammation is a major factor to be taken into account in drug development and in clinical practice to avoid any efficacy or safety issues because inflammation modulates CYP activities and thus drug pharmacokinetics. The impact is different depending on the CYP isoform and the inflammatory disease considered. Moreover, resolution of inflammation appears to result in a normalization of CYP activity. However, some results are still equivocal and further investigations are thus needed.
Pheochromocytoma in pregnancy: a case report; A case of large 11cm phaeochromocytoma at 35 weeks with preceding diagnoses of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes (GDM), which confounded initial management.
Intrauterine Programming of Cardiovascular Diseases in Maternal Diabetes; Maternal diabetes is a prevalent pathology that increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring, the heart being one of the main target organs affected from the fetal stage until the adult life. Metabolic, pro-oxidant, and proinflammatory alterations in the fetal heart constitute the first steps in the adverse fetal programming of cardiovascular disease in the context of maternal diabetes. This review discusses both human and experimental studies addressing putative mechanisms involved in this fetal programming of heart damage in maternal diabetes. These include cardiac epigenetic changes, alterations in cardiac carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, damaging effects caused by a pro-oxidant and proinflammatory environment, alterations in the cardiac extracellular matrix remodeling, and specific signaling pathways. Putative actions to prevent cardiovascular impairments in the offspring of mothers with diabetes are also discussed.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of urolithiasis: A retrospective cohort study; Objectives: Although urolithiasis is relatively common in the general population, there is limited information on this condition available in the pregnant population. The objectives of this study are to identify the incidence of urolithiasis in pregnancy, as well as to compare maternal and fetal outcomes associated with urolithiasis in pregnancy. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from the United States, a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of pregnant women who delivered between 1999 and 2015 was conducted. ICD-9-CM code 592.X was used to identify pregnant women with urolithiasis within the cohort, with pregnant women without urolithiasis forming the comparison group. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the associations between urolithiasis in pregnancy and maternal and neonatal outcomes, while adjusting for baseline maternal characteristics. Results: A cohort of 13,792,544 pregnant women was identified, of which 11,528 had a urolithiasis-related admission during pregnancy, for an overall incidence of 8.3 per 10,000 pregnancies. Women with urolithiasis had a greater risk of developing preeclampsia/eclampsia, OR 1.35(95% CI 1.24–1.47), gestational diabetes, 1.29(1.20–1.30), abruptio placenta, 1.41(1.22–1.64), placenta previa, 1.55(1.27–1.90), pyelonephritis, 88.87(81.69–96.69), venous thromboembolism, 1.65(1.23–2.22), and more likely to deliver by cesarean, 1.20(1.15–1.25). As well, maternal death was more common among these women, 2.85(1.07–7.60). Congenital anomalies, 2.84(2.43–3.31) and prematurity, 1.92(1.82–2.03) were more commonly found among babies born to women with urolithiasis. Conclusion: Although the mechanism is unclear, women with urolithiasis in pregnancy have an increased risk of adverse pregnancy and newborn outcomes.
Intrapartal cardiotocographic patterns and hypoxia-related perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: In previous reports, cardiotocographic (CTG) fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has shown only limited benefits in decreasing adverse perinatal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether an association exists between the recently reported ZigZag pattern (FHR baseline amplitude changes of > 25 bpm with a duration of 2–30 min) and asphyxia-related neonatal outcomes in GDM pregnancies. Methods: Intrapartal CTGs were recorded in a one-year cohort of 5150 singleton childbirths. The following CTG changes were evaluated: ZigZag pattern, saltatory pattern, late decelerations, episodes of tachycardia and bradycardia, reduced variability, and uterine tachysystole. The cohort was divided into three groups: women with GDM, women with normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and women with no OGTT performed. Umbilical artery (UA) blood gases, Apgar scores, neonatal respiratory distress, and neonatal encephalopathy were used as outcome variables. Results: GDM was diagnosed in 624 (12.1%), OGTT was normal in 4115 (79.9%), and OGTT was not performed in 411 (8.0%) women. Hypoxia-related ZigZag patterns (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.64–2.34) and late decelerations (OR 1.65, 95% CI 1.27–2.13) of FHR, as well as a greater risk of fetal asphyxia (UA pH < 7.10 and/or UA BE < -12.0 meq/L and/or Apgar scores < 7 at 5-min) (OR 6.64, 95% CI 1.84–12.03) were observed in those with GDM compared with those without GDM. Conclusions: GDM is associated with intrapartal ZigZag pattern and late decelerations, cord blood acidemia and low 5-min Apgar scores at birth indicating increased occurrence of fetal hypoxia in GDM pregnancies.
Can we improve our ability to interpret category II fetal heart rate tracings using additional clinical parameters?; Objectives: This study examined predictive factors, in addition to Category II Fetal Herat Rate (FHR) monitoring that might imply fetal acidosis and risk of asphyxia. Methods: This retrospective cohort study compared three groups of patients with Category II FHR monitoring indicating need for imminent delivery. Groups were divided based on fetal cord blood pH: pH≤7.0, 7.0<pH<7.2 and pH≥7.2. Demographics, medical history, delivery data and early neonatal outcomes were reviewed. Results: The cohort included 417 women. Nine (2.2%) had cord pH≤7.0, 105 (25.2%) pH 7.0 to 7.2 and 303 (72.6%) ad pH≥7.2. Background characteristics, pregnancy follow-up and intrauterine fetal evaluation prior to delivery were similar in all groups. As expected, more patients in the low pH group had cesarean section (55.6%), than vaginal delivery or vacuum extraction (p=0.02). Five-minute Apgar scores were similar in all groups. Conclusions: This retrospective study did not detect a specific parameter that could help predict the prognosis of fetal acidosis and risk of asphyxia. As we only included patients with a Category II tracing that was worrisome enough to lead to imminent delivery, it is reasonable to believe that this is due to patient selection, meaning that when the Category II FHR results in decision for prompt delivery, there is no added value in additional clinical characteristics. The evaluation should be expanded to all patients with Category II tracing for better interpretation tools for Category II FHR monitors, as well as a larger study population.
A rare occurrence of premature birth and recurrent acute pulmonary oedema in the mother due to cushing’s syndrome: A case report; Presentation of Cushing’s syndrome during pregnancy is extremely rare. We report a 21-year-old female with Cushing’s syndrome diagnosed at 23 weeks of gestation and had recurrent acute pulmonary oedema during the antepartum and postpartum period. She delivered prematurely via emergency caesarean section at 28 weeks of gestation. This case highlights the rare occurrence of recurrent acute pulmonary oedema during pregnancy and consequential premature birth in a patient with adrenal Cushing’s. She was diagnosed with adrenal Cushing’s during the postpartum period based on unsuppressed serum cortisol after overnight and low-dose dexamethasone suppression test with a suppressed ACTH. CT scan of the adrenal glands revealed a right adrenal cortical adenoma. The risk of complications in infants and mothers who suffer from Cushing’s syndrome needs to be handled carefully. The diagnosis of Cushing’s syndrome in pregnant women often overlaps and is difficult to establish in early pregnancy.
Proportion of critical congenital heart defects attributable to unhealthy prepregnancy body mass index among women with live births in Florida, 2005–2016; Background: Associations between maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and congenital heart defects have been reported, however, the proportion of critical congenital heart defects (CCHDs) attributable to unhealthy prepregnancy BMI has not been determined. Our objective was to investigate the association between maternal prepregnancy BMI and CCHDs. Methods: The Florida Birth Defects Registry was used to identify infants with CCHDs born between 2005–2016. Birth certificate data were used to define the source population and identify perinatal and socio-demographic characteristics. BMI values were categorized as underweight (<18.5), normal weight (18.5–24.9), overweight (25.0–29.9), obese I (30.0–34.9), obese II (35.0–39.9), and obese III (≥40.0). Multi-predictor logistic regression models were used to estimate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) and 99% confidence intervals representing the association between maternal prepregnancy BMI and CCHDs. Adjusted population attributable fractions (PAFs) for the aORs were calculated. Results: We observed a significantly increased risk of “any CCHD” in infants born to women at any level of obesity. Among the 12 CCHDs examined, 5 showed a significantly increased risk among mothers in the two highest obesity levels (II & III). Approximately 8% of all CCHDs may be attributed to suboptimal maternal prepregnancy BMI, with the highest total individual CCHD PAFs for pulmonary valve atresia (21.7%) and total anomalous pulmonary venous return (12.8%). Conclusions: Women with suboptimal prepregnancy BMI are at increased odds of having a child born with a CCHD. We found evidence of a direct dose–response relationship between prepregnancy BMI and odds for CCHD; with variation by CCHD subtype.
An environmental scan of impacts and interventions for women with methamphetamine use in pregnancy and their children; Background: Indigenous women are overrepresented among people who use (PWU) methamphetamine (MA) due to colonialism and intergenerational trauma. Prenatal methamphetamine exposure (PME) is increasing as the number of PWUMA of childbearing age grows. Yet impacts of MA in pregnancy and effective interventions are not yet well understood. Objective: We conducted an environmental scan of published and grey literature (2010–2020) to determine effects of MA use in pregnancy for mothers and their offspring, effective interventions and implications for Indigenous women. Search strategy: A strategic search of Ovid Medline, Embase, ProQuest—Public Health and CINAHL databases identified academic literature, while Google and ProQuest—Public Health identified grey literature. Selection criteria: Article selection was based on titles, abstracts and keywords. The time frame captured recent MA composition and excluded literature impacted by coronavirus disease 2019. Data collection and analysis: Data extracted from 80 articles identified 463 results related to 210 outcomes, and seven interventions. Analysis focused on six categories: maternal, neonatal/infant, cognitive, behavioral, neurological, and interventions. Main results: Maternal outcomes were more congruent than child outcomes. The most prevalent outcomes were general neonatal/infant outcomes. Conclusion: A lack of Indigenous-specific research on PME and interventions highlights a need for future research that incorporates relevant historical and sociocultural contexts.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with disorders of lipid metabolism; Objectives: The effects of lipid metabolism disorders (LMD) on pregnancy outcomes is not well known. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the impact of LMD on maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project - National Inpatient Sample from the United States, we carried out a retrospective cohort study of all births between 1999 and 2015 to determine the risks of complications in pregnant women known to have LMDs. All pregnant patients diagnosed with LMDs between 1999 and 2015 were identified using the International Classification of Disease-9 coding, which included all patients with pure hypercholesterolemia, pure hyperglyceridemia, mixed hyperlipidemia, hyperchylomicronemia, and other lipid metabolism disorders. Adjusted effects of LMDs on maternal and newborn outcomes were estimated using unconditional logistic regression analysis. Results: A total of 13,792,544 births were included, 9,666 of which had an underlying diagnosis of LMDs for an overall prevalence of 7.0 per 10,000 births. Women with LMDs were more likely to have pregnancies complicated by diabetes, hypertension, and premature births, and to experience myocardial infarctions, venous thromboembolisms, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal death. Their infants were at increased risk of congenital anomalies, fetal growth restriction, and fetal demise. Conclusions: Women with LMDs are at significantly higher risk of adverse maternal and newborn outcomes. Prenatal counselling should take into consideration these risks and antenatal care in specialized centres should be considered.
Impact of maternal hyperglycemia on cardiac development: Insights from animal models; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the leading cause of birth defect-related death in infants and is a global pediatric health concern. While the genetic causes of CHD have become increasingly recognized with advances in genome sequencing technologies, the etiology for the majority of cases of CHD is unknown. The maternal environment during embryogenesis has a profound impact on cardiac development, and numerous environmental factors are associated with an elevated risk of CHD. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is associated with up to a fivefold increased risk of having an infant with CHD. The rising prevalence of diabetes mellitus has led to a growing interest in the use of experimental diabetic models to elucidate mechanisms underlying this associated risk for CHD. The purpose of this review is to provide a comprehensive summary of rodent models that are being used to investigate alterations in cardiac developmental pathways when exposed to a maternal diabetic setting and to summarize the key findings from these models. The majority of studies in the field have utilized the chemically induced model of matDM, but recent advances have also been made using diet based and genetic models. Each model provides an opportunity to investigate unique aspects of matDM and is invaluable for a comprehensive understanding of the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying matDM-associated CHD.
Maternal obesity increases the risk and severity of NAFLD in offspring; Background & Aims: Maternal obesity has been linked to the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in offspring, but its relationship to non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is unclear. Methods: Through the nationwide ESPRESSO cohort study we identified all individuals ≤25 years of age in Sweden with biopsy-verified NAFLD diagnosed between 1992 and 2016 (n = 165). These were matched by age, sex, and calendar year with up to 5 controls (n = 717). Through linkage with the nationwide Swedish Medical Birth Register (MBR) we retrieved data on maternal early-pregnancy BMI, and possible confounders, in order to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aORs) for NAFLD in offspring. Results: Maternal BMI was associated with NAFLD in offspring: underweight (aOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.14-5.15), normal weight (reference, aOR 1), overweight (aOR 1.51; 0.95-2.40), and obese (aOR 3.26; 1.72-6.19) women. Severe NAFLD (biopsy-proven fibrosis or cirrhosis) was also more common in offspring of overweight (aOR 1.94; 95% CI 0.96-3.90) and obese (aOR 3.67; 95% CI 1.61-8.38) mothers. Associations were similar after adjusting for maternal pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Socio-economic parameters (smoking, mother born outside the Nordic countries and less than 10 years of basic education) were also associated with NAFLD in offspring but did not materially alter the effect size of maternal BMI in a multivariable model. Conclusions: This nationwide study found a strong association between maternal overweight/obesity and future NAFLD in offspring. Adjusting for socio-economic and metabolic parameters in the mother did not affect this finding, suggesting that maternal obesity is an independent risk factor for NAFLD in offspring. Lay summary: In a study of all young persons in Sweden with a liver biopsy consistent with fatty liver, the authors found that compared to matched controls, the risk of fatty liver was much higher in those with obese mothers. This was independent of available confounders and suggests that the high prevalence of obesity in younger persons might lead to a higher risk of fatty liver in their offspring.
Cardiovascular and Obstetric Delivery Complications in Pregnant Women With Valvular Heart Disease; Women with valvular heart disease may be more likely to have adverse obstetric and cardiovascular complications during pregnancy. Most current recommendations focus on stenotic lesions with less guidance regarding regurgitant lesions. We aimed to compare adverse events at delivery for women with various stenotic and regurgitant valvular diseases. We used the 2016 to 2018 National Inpatient Sample data to compare demographics, comorbidities, and obstetric and cardiovascular complications during delivery hospitalizations. After adjusting for clinical and socioeconomic factors, logistic regression was performed to investigate associations between valvular disease and outcomes. Among >11.2 million deliveries, 20,349 were in women with valvular disease. Women with valvular disease were older, had longer length of stays, and higher costs associated with delivery. They had higher prevalence of underlying cardiovascular comorbidities compared with women without valvular disease (hypertension: 5.1 vs 0.25%; pulmonary hypertension: 7.0 vs <0.1%). At delivery, they had higher adjusted odds of obstetric events including preeclampsia and/or eclampsia (aOR 1.9 [1.8 to 2.2]) and intrapartum/postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.4 [1.2 to 1.6]), and cardiovascular events including peripartum cardiomyopathy (aOR 65 [53 to 78]), pulmonary edema (aOR 17 [13 to 22]), acute ischemic heart disease (aOR 19 [12 to 30]) and arrhythmias (aOR 22 [19 to 27]). There were valve lesion-specific differences in the magnitude of risk but both stenotic and regurgitant lesions were associated with elevated risk of cardiovascular complications. In conclusion, pregnant women with stenotic and regurgitant valvular disease have a greater burden of cardiovascular comorbidities and increased odds of obstetric and cardiovascular events at delivery. These women may benefit from specialized care from a Cardio-Obstetrics team.
Chorioamnionitis and neonatal sepsis due to extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli infection: a case report; Chorioamnionitis is an acute inflammation of the membranes and chorion of the placenta typically due to ascending polymicrobial infection in the setting of membrane rupture. It is a common complication of pregnancy associated with significant maternal, perinatal, and long-term adverse outcomes. We present a case of placental infection leading to preterm delivery, severe neonatal sepsis, maternal wound infection, postnatal readmission, and prolonged hospital stay. This virulent infection was caused by multidrug–resistant extended-spectrum beta-lactamase (ESBL)-producing Escherichia Coli (E. Coli), which represent a major worldwide threat according to the Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). It was managed with appropriate antibiotic therapy, patient-centered approach, and multidisciplinary team involvement that led to favourable maternal and neonatal outcome.
Association between proteinuria and placental pathology in preeclampsia: A retrospective study; Introduction: Preeclampsia develops due to placental insufficiency and systemic proinflammatory and antiangiogenic mediator release, with ensuing systemic endothelial dysfunction. Nephrotic-range proteinuria appears to be associated with worse pregnancy outcomes. The relationship between differing degrees of proteinuria and the severity of placental alterations has not been studied. Methods: This is a single-centre retrospective comparison of 150 singleton pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia and varying degrees of proteinuria. Maternal demographic, obstetrical and fetal outcome data were obtained from chart review. The placental histologic evaluations were performed by a placental pathologist blinded to all other clinical information. Results: Preeclamptic women with massive proteinuria had evidence of more severe maternal vascular malperfusion lesions. The severity of the lesions was progressive through mild, moderate and massive proteinuria. Women with massive proteinuria had a higher incidence of renal dysfunction and severe hypertension, and had earlier preterm deliveries compared to preeclamptic women with mild and moderate proteinuria (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Preeclampsia with more severe proteinuria is associated with a higher prevalence of placental maternal vascular malperfusion.
COVID-19 vaccination in pregnancy: early experience from a single institution; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women are at increased risk for morbidity owing to infection with the COVID-19 virus.1 Vaccination presents an important strategy to mitigate illness in this population. However, there is a paucity of data on vaccination safety and pregnancy outcomes because pregnant women were excluded from the initial phase III clinical trials. Our objective was to describe the maternal, neonatal, and obstetrical outcomes of women who received a messenger RNA (mRNA) COVID-19 vaccination while pregnant during the first 4 months of vaccine availability. STUDY DESIGN: This was an institutional review board–approved descriptive study of pregnant women at New York University Langone Health who received at least 1 dose of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccination approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) (Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna) from the time of the FDA Emergency Use Authorization to April 22, 2021. Eligible women were identified via search of the electronic medical record (EMR) system. Vaccine administration was ascertained via immunization records from the New York State Department of Health. Women were excluded if they were vaccinated before conception or during the postpartum period. Charts were reviewed for maternal demographics and pregnancy outcomes. Descriptive analyses were performed using the R software version 4.0.2 (The R Foundation, Boston, MA). RESULTS: We identified 424 pregnant women who received an mRNA vaccination. Of those, 348 (82.1%) received both doses and 76 (17.9%) received only 1 dose. The maternal characteristics and vaccination information are shown in Table 1. Of the included women, 4.9% had a history of a confirmed COVID-19 diagnosis before vaccination. After vaccination, no patient in our cohort was diagnosed with COVID-19. In terms of the pregnancy outcomes, 9 women had spontaneous abortions, 3 terminated their pregnancies, and 327 have ongoing pregnancies. Of the women included, 85 delivered liveborn infants. There were no stillbirths in our population. Of the 9 spontaneous abortions, 8 occurred during the first trimester at a range of 6 to 13 weeks’ gestation. There was 1 second trimester loss. The rate of spontaneous abortion among women vaccinated in the first trimester was 6.5%. The 327 women with ongoing pregnancies have been followed for a median of 4.6 weeks (range, 0–17 weeks) following their most recent dose. A total of 113 (34.6%) women, initiated vaccination during the first trimester, 178 (54.4%) initiated vaccination during the second trimester, and 36 (11.0%) during the third trimester. Following the vaccination, 2 fetuses (0.6%) developed intrauterine growth restriction, whereas 5 (1.5%) were diagnosed with anomalies. Outcomes for the 85 women who delivered are shown in Table 2. Of the women who delivered, 18.8% were diagnosed with a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy. The rate of preterm birth was 5.9%. One preterm delivery was medically indicated, whereas the remaining 3 were spontaneous. A total of 15.3% of neonates required admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU). Of the NICU admissions, 61.5% were because of hypoglycemia or an evaluation for sepsis. Other reasons for admission included prematurity, hypothermia, and transient tachypnea of the newborn. Of all the neonates, 12.2% were small for gestational age (SGA) per the World Health Organization standards. CONCLUSION: This series describes our experience with women who received an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy. In line with other published findings,2 we observed no concerning trends. There were no stillbirths. Our 6.5% rate of spontaneous abortion is within the expected rate of 10%,3 and our preterm birth rate of 5.9% is below the national average of 9.5%.4 Our rate of pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders is higher than our baseline institutional rate of 9.5%, however, this may be because of the underlying characteristics of our study population or skewing of our small sample size. Our 12.2% rate of SGA neonates is near the expected value based on the definition that 10% of neonates will be SGA at birth. The NICU admission rate is at par with our institutional rate of 12%. To date, most women in this series have had uncomplicated pregnancies and have delivered at-term. Strengths of this study include using the EMR system to identify subjects and gather data. We did not rely on self-enrollment and self-report, thereby reducing selection and recall bias. By performing manual chart reviews, we obtained detailed and reliable information about individual patients. One limitation of this study is the lack of a matched control group consisting of unvaccinated pregnant women and therefore direct conclusions could not be drawn about the relative risks of complications. In addition, our cohort is small and may not be generalizable. Finally, many women included are healthcare workers who had early access to vaccinations. As more pregnant women become eligible for the COVID-19 vaccinations, there is an urgent need to report on the maternal, neonatal, and obstetrical outcomes of COVID-19 vaccinations during pregnancy. The results of this study can be used to counsel and reassure pregnant patients facing this decision.
Long-term consequences of placental vascular pathology on the maternal and offspring cardiovascular systems; Over the last thirty years, evidence has been accumulating that Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy (HDP) and, specifically, Preeclampsia (PE) produce not only long-term effects on the pregnant woman, but have also lasting consequences for the fetus. At the core of these consequences is the phenomenon known as defective deep placentation, being present in virtually every major obstetrical syndrome. The profound placental vascular lesions characteristic of this pathology can induce long-term adverse consequences for the pregnant woman’s entire arterial system. In addition, placental growth restriction and function can, in turn, cause a decreased blood supply to the fetus, with long-lasting effects. Women with a history of HDP have an increased risk of Cardiovascular Diseases (CVD) compared with women with normal pregnancies. Specifically, these subjects are at a future higher risk of: Hypertension; Coronary artery disease; Heart failure; Peripheral vascular disease; Cerebrovascular accidents (Stroke); CVD-related mortality. Vascular pathology in pregnancy and CVD may share a common etiology and may have common risk factors, which are unmasked by the “stress” of pregnancy. It is also possible that the future occurrence of a CVD may be the consequence of endothelial dysfunction generated by pregnancy-induced hypertension that persists after delivery. Although biochemical and biophysical markers of PE abound, information on markers for a comparative evaluation in the various groups is still lacking. Long-term consequences for the fetus are an integral part of the theory of a fetal origin of a number of adult diseases, known as the Barker hypothesis. Indeed, intrauterine malnutrition and fetal growth restriction represent significant risk factors for the development of chronic hypertension, diabetes, stroke and death from coronary artery disease in adults. Other factors will also influence the development later in life of hypertension, coronary and myocardial disease; they include parental genetic disposition, epigenetic modifications, endothelial dysfunction, concurrent intrauterine exposures, and the lifestyle of the affected individual.
Pheochromocytoma as a rare hypertensive complication rarely associated with pregnancy: Diagnostic difficulties (Review); This review provides a brief clinically relevant review of pheochromocytoma in pregnancy, to raise awareness among doctors in obstetrics and the aim is to serve as the first point of reference when confronted by their presence. Pheochromocytomas are neuroendocrine, catecholamine-secreting tumours. Despite having the highest incidence rate among other hormone-secreting adrenal tumours, they remain rare especially when associated with pregnancy. The non-specific presentation of pheochromocytomas, the difficulties in their diagnosis during pregnancy as well as the high maternal and fetal mortality rates associated with them, present a challenge. Clinical suspicion and meticulous patient history-taking remain the primary lines of defense, while biochemical proof of catecholamine excess (or their metabolites) and imaging-based localisation of the tumour are required for diagnosis. Antenatal diagnosis and complete localisation of the tumour increase the likelihood of successful outcomes for both mother and newborn. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) remains the method of choice during pregnancy without excluding the use of ultrasound. Treatment goals should include the avoidance of hypertensive crises while maintaining adequate uteroplacental circulation. The target blood pressure is not strictly defined but is in line with the general guideline addressing chronic hypertension during pregnancy. Antihypertensive medications remain the cornerstone in managing pheochromocytoma. As a first-line, the α-adrenergic, nonselective antagonist phenoxybenzamine is the most frequently used agent, while α1-selective adrenergic antagonists with or without the addition of β- or β1-blockers are also prescribed in certain cases, rendering calcium channel blockers as 'second-choice'. Blood-pressure control of the mother and the well-being of the fetus are determining factors in deciding the time of delivery, which is preferably conducted by Caesarean section. Excision of the tumour(s) remains the final treatment goal. Lifelong biochemical testing is required with or without medical treatment, to address mineralocorticoid or glucocorticoid deficits. Despite ever-improving positive outcome rates, pheochromocytoma associated with pregnancy remains a pathology with high mortality and morbidity rates.
The characteristics of intestinal flora in overweight pregnant women and the correlation with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the characteristics of intestinal flora in overweight pregnant women and the correlation with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: A total of 122 women were enrolled and divided into four groups according to their pre-pregnancy BMI and the presence of GDM: Group 1 (n = 71) with a BMI <24 kg/m2, without GDM; group 2 (n = 27) with a BMI <24 kg/m2, with GDM; group 3 (n = 17) with a BMI ≥24 kg/m2, without GDM; and group 4 (n = 7) with a BMI ≥24 kg/m2 with GDM. Feces were collected on the day that the oral glucose tolerance test was conducted. The V3-V4 variable region of 16S rRNA was sequenced using the Illumina Hiseq 2500 platform, and a bioinformatics analysis was conducted. Results: There were differences between the four groups in the composition of intestinal flora, and it was significantly different in group 4 than in the other three groups. Firmicutes accounted for 36.4% of the intestinal flora in this group, the lowest among the four groups, while Bacteroidetes accounted for 50.1%, the highest among the four groups, making ratio of these two bacteria approximately 3:5, while in the other three groups, this ratio was reversed. In women with a BMI <24 kg/m2, the insulin resistance index (homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR)) in pregnant women with GDM was higher than in those without (P3 = 0.026). Conclusion: The composition of the intestinal flora of pregnant women who were overweight or obese before pregnancy and suffered from GDM was significantly different than women who were not overweight or did not suffer from GDM.
Type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy with gestational diabetes among first nations women in Australia: The PANDORA study; Aims: To determine among First Nations and Europid pregnant women the cumulative incidence and predictors of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes and describe postpartum cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk profiles. Methods: PANDORA is a prospective longitudinal cohort of women recruited in pregnancy. Ethnic-specific rates of postpartum type 2 diabetes and prediabetes were reported for women with diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), gestational diabetes (GDM) or normoglycaemia in pregnancy over a short follow-up of 2.5 years (n = 325). Pregnancy characteristics and CVD risk profiles according to glycaemic status, and factors associated with postpartum diabetes/prediabetes were examined in First Nations women. Results: The cumulative incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes among women with DIP or GDM were higher for First Nations women (48%, 13/27, women with DIP, 13%, 11/82, GDM), compared to Europid women (nil DIP or GDM p < 0.001). Characteristics associated with type 2 diabetes/prediabetes among First Nations women with GDM/DIP included, older age, multiparity, family history of diabetes, higher glucose values, insulin use and body mass index (BMI). Conclusions: First Nations women experience a high incidence of postpartum type 2 diabetes after GDM/DIP, highlighting the need for culturally responsive policies at an individual and systems level, to prevent diabetes and its complications.
Soluble Endoglin and Uterine Artery Flow Doppler Ultrasonography as Markers of Progression to Preeclampsia in Women with Gestational Hypertension; Introduction: Gestational hypertension (GH) pregnancies are at a high risk of developing adverse outcomes, including progression to preeclampsia. Prediction of GH-related adverse outcomes is challenging because there are no available clinical tests that may predict their occurrence. Objective: The aim of the study was to determine the clinical usefulness of the soluble endoglin (sEng) and parameters of uterine artery flow (UtAF) measured by Doppler ultrasonography as markers of progression to preeclampsia in women with GH. Setting: Mexico City, Mexico. Material and Methods: We included 77 singleton pregnant women with GH in a nested case-control study. Cases were women who progressed to preeclampsia (n = 36), and controls were those who did not (n = 41). Serum sEng and UtAF measurements were performed at enrollment. The main outcomes measured were progression to preeclampsia and occurrence of preterm delivery (PD) <37 and <34 weeks of gestation, small for gestational age infant (SGA), and fetal growth restriction (FGR). Results: Women with sEng values in the highest tertile had higher risk of progression to preeclampsia, preterm delivery <34 weeks of gestation, and fetal growth restriction, odds ratios (ORs) ≥3.7. Patients with abnormal UtAF Dopp-ler-pulsatility index had higher risk of progression to preeclampsia, preterm delivery <34 weeks of gestation, small for gestational age infant, and fetal growth restriction (ORs ≥3.3). The presence of notch was associated with higher risk of progression to preeclampsia, preterm delivery <37 and <34 weeks of gestation, SGA infant, and fetal growth restriction (ORs ≥2.9). However, logistic regression analysis revealed that only serum sEng was a significant and independent risk factor for progression of GH to preeclampsia, preterm delivery <34 weeks of gestation, and fetal growth restriction (ORs ≥3.1). Conclusions: In GH pregnancies, UtAF Doppler ultrasonography is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes and progression to preeclampsia. However, serum sEng concentration appears to be a better predictor to assess the risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes and progression to preeclampsia.
Metabolic syndrome; associations with adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Increasing evidence shows that patients with Metabolic Syndrome (MetS) are at risk for adverse outcome after abdominal surgery. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of MetS and preoperative hyperglycemia, as an individual component of MetS, on adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. Methods: A literature review was systematically performed according to the PRISMA guidelines. Inclusion criteria were observational studies that evaluated the relationship between MetS or preoperative hyperglycemia and outcomes after colorectal surgery (i.e. any complication, severe complication defined as Clavien-Dindo grade ≥ III, anastomotic leakage, surgical site infection, mortality and length of stay). Results: Six studies (246.383 patients) evaluated MetS and eight studies (9.534 patients) reported on hyperglycemia. Incidence rates of MetS varied widely from 7% to 68% across studies. Meta-analysis showed that patients with MetS are more likely to develop severe complications than those without MetS (RR 1.62, 95% CI 1.01–2.59). Moreover, a non-significant trend toward increased risks for any complication (RR 1.35, 95% CI 0.91–2.00), anastomotic leakage (RR 1.67, 95% CI 0.47–5.93) and mortality (RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.00–1.43) was found. Furthermore, preoperative hyperglycemia was associated with an increased risk of surgical site infection (RR 1.35, 95% CI 1.01–1.81). Conclusion: MetS seem to have a negative impact on adverse outcome after colorectal surgery. As a result of few studies meeting inclusion criteria and substantial heterogeneity, evidence is not conclusive. Future prospective observational studies should improve the amount and quality in order to verify current results.
Hyperglycemia and Insulin Management in Critically Ill Patients; Hyperglycemia is a leading cause of increased morbidity and mortality in critically ill diabetic and nondiabetic patients in the ICU. Stricter control should be implemented in this setting in order to reduce mortality as well as other complications caused by hyperglycemia. Because hypoglycemia is associated with an increased risk of adverse effects, the optimal intensity of glucose control has been extensively investigated. Hyperglycemia is better controlled through continuous glucose infusions than with intermittent injections or IV infusions because it is easier to titrate the concentration of insulin to achieve a target glucose range. Pharmacists in acute-care and ambulatory-care settings are able to adjust insulin therapy and educate patients about hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia in order to optimize patient outcomes.
Preliminary study of patient safety and quality use cases for ICD-11 MMS; Objective: This study investigated how well-suited the International Classification of Diseases, 11th Revision, for Mortality and Morbidity Statistics, (ICD-11 MMS) is for 2 morbidity use cases, patient safety and quality, examining the level of detail captured, and evaluating the necessity for the development of a US clinical modification (CM). Materials and Methods: Utilizing the 5 NCVHS-specified perspectives plus the consumer perspective, a framework was created of International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-10-CM) use cases. Analysis yielded candidate source criteria for use in case evaluation. Patient safety and quality were chosen because they are relevant across all perspectives. Granularity differences and content coverage of ICD-11 MMS entities were assessed pre- and post-coordination to determine suitability for the 2 use cases. Pressure ulcers, a common condition across 3 patient safety applications, became the focus for comparing ICD-10-CM codes to ICD-11 MMS codes. For 3 electronic clinical quality measures (eCQMs), the evaluation centered on specified value sets for ischemic stroke, hypertension, and diabetes. Results: For pressure ulcers, the ICD-11 MMS was found to exceed ICD-10-CM capabilities via post-coordinated extension codes. For the 3 eCQM value sets explored, the ICD-11 MMS fully represented the disease concepts when post-coordinated code clusters were used. Conclusions: The examples from the patient safety and quality use cases evaluated in this study are appropriate for ICD-11 MMS. It captures greater detail than ICD-10-CM, and ICD-11 MMS specificity would benefit both use cases. The authors believe this preliminary study indicates the US should invest resources to explore adopting the WHO ICD-11 MMS and tooling and guidelines to implement post-coordination.
Diffusional kurtosis imaging reveals taVNS facilitates microstructural changes in the developing neonatal brain; Abstract Background: Transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) is a novel therapy that may enhance neuroplasticity for infants failing oromotor feeding. Diffusion MRI measures stochastic water movements to indirectly assesses white matter (WM) microstructural integrity. We employed diffusional kurtosis imaging (DKI) to determine whether taVNS alters WM microstructure using tensor-derived diffusivity and kurtosis metrics. Methods: We gathered DKI from 20 infants enrolled in our open-label pilot study of taVNS paired with feeding using 3T MRI before and after 2-3 weeks of taVNS treatment. These data consist of 9 responders to taVNS treatment and 11 non-responders. One responder and 6 non-responders were infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). Logistic regression and paired t-tests modeled response to treatment and WM diffusion changes, respectively. Multiple comparison correction was not performed for these exploratory analyses. Results: Logistic regression found pre-treatment mean kurtosis in the cortical spinal tract left (p = 0.0280) and right (p = 0.0273) predicted response to treatment while adjusting for IDM (p = 0.0251). Following taVNS, fractional anisotropy in the right superior longitudinal fasciculus (p = 0.050) and radial kurtosis in the right lower cortical spinal tract (p = 0.044), near the cerebellar peduncle, increased more per week in responders compared to non-responders. Conclusions: taVNS affects measures of microstructural integrity and neural plasticity in specific WM tracts differently depending on whether infants attained full oral feeds or received a G-tube. WM assessment with sensitive kurtosis imaging could be both a valuable means of assessing microstructural changes attributable to taVNS treatment and a biomarker for predicting response to treatment while taking IDM status into account. Funding Sources: NIH/NICHD P2CHD086844; COBRE in Stroke Recovery, P20GM109040; NIH/NINDS F31NS108623. Conflicts: BW Badran, MS George and DD Jenkins are named inventors on pending patents related to this work assigned to the Medical University of South Carolina. Keywords: diffusional kurtosis imaging, transcutaneous auricular vagas nerve stimulation, diffusion MRI, white matter;
Frequency of Maternal Factors in Patients of Stillbirth in Pakhtoon Families Visiting Public Hospitals of Peshawar; Aim: To determine the frequency of maternal factors in patients of still birth in Pakhtoon families visiting hospitals of Peshawar. Study design: Cross-sectional study Place and duration of study: Department of Community & Preventive Medicine, Kabir Medical College Gandhara University Peshawar from 1stJanuary 2020 to 31stDecember 2020 Methodology: Five hundred pregnant women were enrolled. All multiparous pregnant women of Pakhtoon families with still birth admitted in Gynaecology wards in public hospitals of Peshawar were included. All multiparous pregnant women of Pakhtoon families with still births with renal diseases, accidental trauma, respiratory diseases and history of physical violence visiting public hospitals of Peshawar were excluded. Results: 65% of respondents were from 31-45 years. Maternal risk factors were education below matric 64.4%, 7% respondents were working, 78% respondents with total income less than 30 thousand. 59.8% with last birth interval less than 2 years. 44% respondents had haemoglobin less than 7g/dl. 40.2% respondents had comorbidity with stillbirth i.e. hypertension. Conclusion: Maternal risk factors were low socioeconomic status, birth interval less than 2 years, severe anemia and hypertension in current study.
Obstetrical outcomes and maternal morbidities associated with COVID-19 in pregnant women in France: A national retrospective cohort study; BackgroundAU : Pleaseconfirmthatallheadinglevelsarerepresentedcorrectly: To the best of our knowledge, no study has exhaustively evaluated the association between maternal morbidities and Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVIDAU -19):during Pleasenotethat the first wave wa COVID of the 19 ha pandemic in pregnant women. We investigated, in natural conceptions and assisted reproductive technique (ART) pregnancies, whether maternal morbidities were more frequent in pregnant women with COVID-19 diagnosis compared to pregnant women without COVID-19 diagnosis during the first wave of the COVID-19 pandemic. Methods and findings We conducted a retrospective analysis of prospectively collected data in a national cohort of all hospitalizations for births ≥22 weeks of gestation in France from January to June 2020 using the French national hospitalization database (PMSI). Pregnant women with COVID-19 were identified if they had been recorded in the database using the ICD-10 (International Classification of Disease) code for presence of a hospitalization for COVID-19. A total of 244,645 births were included, of which 874 (0.36%) in the COVID-19 group. Maternal morbidities and adverse obstetrical outcomes among those with or without COVID-19 were analyzed with a multivariable logistic regression model adjusted on patient characteristics. Among pregnant women, older age (31.1 (±5.9) years old versus 30.5 (±5.4) years old, respectively, p < 0.001), obesity (0.7% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001), multiple pregnancy (0.7% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001), and history of hypertension (0.9% versus 0.3%, respectively, p < 0.001) were more frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Active smoking (0.2% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.001) and primiparity (0.3% versus 0.4%, respectively, p < 0.03) were less frequent with COVID-19 diagnosis. Frequency of ART conception was not different between those with and without COVID-19 diagnosis (p = 0.28). When compared to the non-COVID-19 group, women in the COVID-19 group had a higher frequency of admission to ICU (5.9% versus 0.1%, p < 0.001), mortality (0.2% versus 0.005%, p < 0.001), preeclampsia/eclampsia (4.8% versus 2.2%, p < 0.001), gestational hypertension (2.3% versus 1.3%, p < 0.03), postpartum hemorrhage (10.0% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), preterm birth at <37 weeks of gestation (16.7% versus 7.1%, p < 0.001), <32 weeks of gestation (2.2% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), <28 weeks of gestation (2.4% versus 0.8%, p < 0.001), induced preterm birth (5.4% versus 1.4%, p < 0.001), spontaneous preterm birth (11.3% versus 5.7%, p < 0.001), fetal distress (33.0% versus 26.0%, p < 0.001), and cesarean section (33.0% versus 20.2%, p < 0.001). Rates of pregnancy terminations ≥22 weeks of gestation, stillbirths, gestational diabetes, placenta praevia, and placenta abruption were not significantly different between the COVID-19 and non-COVID-19 groups. The number of venous thromboembolic events was too low to perform statistical analysis. A limitation of this study relies in the possibility that asymptomatic infected women were not systematically detected. Conclusions We observed an increased frequency of pregnant women with maternal morbidities and diagnosis of COVID-19 compared to pregnant women without COVID-19. It appears essential to be aware of this, notably in populations at known risk of developing a more severe iledforthoseusedthroughoutthetext:Pleaseverifythatallentriesarecorrect: form of infection or obstetrical morbidities and in order for obstetrical units to better inform pregnant women and provide the best care. Although causality cannot be determined from these associations, these results may be in line with recent recommendations in favor of vaccination for pregnant women.
Novel GPC3 Gene Mutation in Simpson-Golabi-Behmel Syndrome with Endocrine Anomalies: A Case Report; Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome (SGBS) represents a rare X-linked recessive syndrome with prenatal and postnatal overgrowth, coarse facial features, congenital malformations, organomegaly and an increased risk of tumors. Mutations on the GPC3 gene, encoding the glypican-3 protein, have previously been shown to cause the disease. In this report, a 12-year-old Chinese boy was hospitalized in our institution for some clinical features of SGBS. His serum endocrine evaluation showed hormone level abnormalities, including high prolactin, high testosterone, high thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) levels, and low estradiol levels. Whole exome sequencing (WES) was performed in the patient for mutation analysis and a novel hemizygous mutation, c.185delT, p.(Leu62Cysfs∗22), on the GPC3 gene, was identified. The mother was a heterozygous carrier. The SGBS patients might present with endocrine anomalies, which adds to the clinical heterogeneity of the disease. The novel GPC3 mutation c.185delT expands the mutational spectrum of the GPC3 gene.
Real world data: Off-label metformin in patients with prediabetes is associated with improved cardiovascular outcomes; Background: Metformin is not FDA-approved for prediabetes but it is being prescribed off-label for this condition. Per the American Diabetes Association (ADA), metformin “should be considered” for prediabetes patients with a BMI > 35. Prediabetes is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We report on real-world, off-label use of metformin and its association with lower incidence of CVD in a large population with prediabetes, by age, BMI, and race. Methods: This analysis used insurance claims linked to electronic health records from Jan 2016 to Sept 2020. Patients in the metformin cohort had >180-day supply: >90 days pre-and >90 days post diagnosis of prediabetes. All had continuous enrollment for >24 months. We excluded age <25; FDA-approved metformin indications; type 1 DM; CVD; CKD; or gestational diabetes. Inclusion criteria: Prediabetes ICD-10 code R73, or HbA1c 5.7-6.4, or fasting glucose 100-125 mg/dL or OGTT 140-199 mg/dL. Results: Of 149,654 patients with prediabetes, 8,624 (5.8%) were prescribed metformin. Table 1 describes metformin and non-metformin patients. At a 2.8-year mean follow-up, 24% of prediabetes patients developed CVD. Table 2 describes metformin use and CVD outcomes by BMI, gender, race, and age. As a whole and by gender, a BMI >35 was associated with lower CVD. A similar effect was seen for AA >65 with a BMI >35 Conclusion: Patients with BMI > 35 showed an association between metformin use and lower incidence of CVD, including African Americans older than age 65. The data suggest that morbidly obese patients with prediabetes may benefit from the use of metformin as recommended by the ADA.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers is associated with significantly worse inhospital outcomes: A multicenter analysis; Introduction: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a known complication among infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Ventricular outflow tract obstruction is common in these newborns, often necessitating therapy with beta-blockers. Because of relatively small sample sizes, the in-hospital outcomes of IDMs with HCM are unknown. Hypothesis: HCM in IDM is associated with increased in-hospital mortality. Methods: We performed an analysis of all newborns with a diagnostic code for IDM admitted from 2004 to 2020 to one of the 49 children's hospitals in the Pediatric Hospital Information System. Those with a diagnostic code for HCM were assigned to the HCM, and those without were assigned to the comparison group (No-HCM). Outcomes of interest included vasopressor use, cardiac arrest, use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO), length of stay, mechanical ventilation, and in-hospital mortality. Standard statistical techniques were used to assess differences between groups. Results: There were 37,085 IDMs (55% male) in the study cohort, 677 (1.8%) with a diagnosis of HCM. Prematurity was more common in No-HCM (43% versus 33%, p<0.001), and birthweight waslower in No-HCM (3.3 kg [IQR: 2.5-3.9] versus 4.0 kg [IQR: 3.4-4.6], p<0.001). HCM was twice as common in Black IDMs (3.1%) compared to White IDMs (1.6%)(p<0.001). As shown in the Table, HCM was associated with all study outcomes of interest. Conclusions: HCM is diagnosed twice as often in Black IDMs as White IDMs. HCM in IDMs is associated with multiple negative, in-hospital outcomes, including mortality. Further investigation is needed to determine if specific management strategies can ameliorate these negative outcomes.
Congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries-fetal diagnosis, associations and natural history: A fetal heart society research collaborative study; Introduction: Congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries (ccTGA) is rare with varied associated cardiac defects and rhythm abnormalities. We aimed to describe the natural history, associated anomalies and prenatal outcome in a cohort of prenatally diagnosed patients in which biventricular repair is anticipated. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted via the Fetal Heart Society Research Collaborative. All fetuses with ccTGA encountered at 15 North American cardiac centers between 1/2004-7/2020 were identified. Fetuses with a hypoplastic ventricle precluding biventricular repair were excluded. Data is presented as median (interquartile range). Results: Inclusion criteria were met in 139 fetuses who were diagnosed with ccTGA at 24 (21-29) weeks. There was a family history of congenital heart disease in 12%. Maternal diabetes was present in 10%. Prenatal genetic testing in 50 pregnancies was normal. Excluding 14 fetuses with heterotaxy, extracardiac anomalies were observed in 9/125 (7.1%). Associated cardiac/extracardiac defects are detailed in table 1. Fetal atrioventricular block (AVB) was present in 17 fetuses (12%), diagnosed at a median of 26 (23-28), range 20-36 weeks. Two fetuses had SVT; 1 self-resolved and 1 during labor. Change occurred during follow-up in 34 fetuses, most commonly in severity of tricuspid regurgitation (6 improved, 4 worsened) and worsening of pulmonary stenosis (n=5). There were 112 live births, 17 terminations, 2 fetal deaths (FD) and 8 lost to follow-up. Both fetuses with FD had AVB, making the intrauterine mortality associated with fetal AVB 11.8% (2/17). Conclusions: This study represents the largest cohort to date of fetuses with ccTGA. Fetal ccTGA is associated with a spectrum of cardiac defects that may evolve, with extracardiac pathology occurring in 7.1%. AVB is found in 12% of fetuses and is a risk factor for FD. This data informs fetal counseling and can aid in delivery planning and perinatal care.
Association of gestational diabetes with subclinical cardiovascular disease on echocardiogram and endothelial function testing; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). The subclinical cardiovascular structural and functional changes that contribute to long-term cardiovascular risk are unclear. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that GDM is associated with adverse cardiovascular remodeling, diastolic function abnormalities, and endothelial dysfunction at approximately a decade after delivery, thereby increasing CVD risk. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of women from an existing cohort with abstracted clinical pregnancy data. Women attended a follow-up visit at a median of 9 years after delivery. Echocardiograms, Peripheral Arterial Tonometry (EndoPAT), glycocalyx analysis (GlycoCheck) and laboratory testing were conducted at the follow-up visit. Results: Among 217 women who attended the follow-up visit, 53 (24%) had history of GDM. After adjusting for age, race, preeclampsia history or preterm delivery, women with prior Compared to women without GDM, women with prior GDM had higher interventricular septal and left ventricular (LV) posterior wall thickness and lower septal e' velocity (Table; Model 2). They also had worse endothelial function with lower reactive hyperemia index (RHI) and adverse GlycoCheck parameters. Measures of hypertrophy were attenuated by additional adjustment for body mass index, hypertension, and diabetes (Model 3), but findings of adverse LV diastology, RHI and GlycoCheck parameters remained significant. Conclusions: Women with GDM were more likely to have increased LV wall thickness, adverse diastology and endothelial dysfunction nearly a decade postpartum. Adjusting for traditional cardiovascular risk factors attenuated some but not all parameters. These findings suggest that subclinical structural and functional cardiac and vascular changes may be a mechanism by which GDM causes increased risk of CVD.
Associations of prepregnancy cardiovascular health and adverse pregnancy outcomes with incident coronary artery calcium during midlife: A mediation analysis in the coronary artery risk development in young adults study; Introduction: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are emerging as critical risk markers for the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Risk of APOs are higher among women with worse prepregnancy cardiovascular health (CVH), but it remains unclear if APOs mediate the relationship between prepregnancy CVH and incident coronary artery calcium (CAC). Methods: We included individuals in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults study with at least one singleton birth prior to 2001 and data on prepregnancy CVH (1985-1996) and CAC (2000-2011). Data on APOs were self-reported at each visit (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth and small for gestational age). We quantified prepregnancy CVH by summing across the American Heart Association's Life's Simple 7 (score 0-14). We used Cox proportional hazards models to obtain hazard ratios (HRs) for a one-point higher (better) prepregnancy CVH score for incident CAC (CAC > 0) adjusted for age, self-reported race, education (years) and parity. We used causal mediation analyses to estimate the proportion of the association between prepregnancy CVH and incident CAC mediated through any APO and each APO subtype. Results: Of the 906 included participants, 46.1% were Black, mean age ± SD was 28.1 ± 4.5 years at baseline and 43.0 ± 4.8 years at follow-up. Among individuals with low (0-7), intermediate (8-11) and high (12-14) prepregnancy CVH, APOs developed in 41.8%, 29.5% and 19.5% respectively, and CAC developed in 38.8%, 14.8% and 11.6% of women, respectively. Adjusted HR (95% CI) for one-point higher (better) prepregnancy CVH on incident CAC was 0.79 (0.72, 0.87). APOs did not significantly mediate the relationship between prepregnancy CVH and CAC (TABLE). Conclusions: Higher or more favorable prepregnancy CVH is associated with lower risk of subclinical CVD in midlife, regardless of APO status, and highlights the importance optimizing CVH early in the life course prior to pregnancy.
Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography in assessing the subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction and Hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) refers to impaired glucose tolerance first diagnosed during pregnancy, which may increase the risk of incident cardiovascular disease. Asymptomatic subclinical myocardial dysfunction already exists before the GDM diagnosis. In this study, we hypothesize that the two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography (2D-STE) may identify the subclinical impairment of GDM on the maternal left ventricular function. Methods: We prospectively enrolled 47 women with GDM and 62 healthy pregnant women (control group) at their 24∼28 weeks of gestation who underwent transthoracic echocardiography (TTE). GDM diagnosis was in agreement with the IADPSG criteria. TTE was performed according to the recommendations of the American Society of Echocardiography. Conventional and 2D-STE parameters were compared between the two groups. Results: Age, gestational weeks, heart rate, and conventional echocardiographic parameters had no difference between the two groups. LV global longitudinal strain (LV-GLS) was lower in GDM (18.14 ± 2.53 vs. 22.36 ± 6.33, p< 0.001). LA reservoir and conduit phasic strain also decreased in patients with GDM (32.71 ± 6.64 vs. 38.00 ± 7.06, 20.41 ± 5.69 vs. 25.56 ± 5.73, p< 0.001). However, there was no significant difference regarding LA contractile function between the two groups. In multivariate regression analysis, the LV-GLS and LA conduit strain independently associated with GDM. Furthermore, the LA conduit strain may be a predominant parameter to illustrate subclinical myocardial deterioration in patients with GDM. Conclusions: Two-dimensional speckle tracking echocardiography may sensitively provide quantitative parameters, such as LV-GLS and LA conduit strain, to illuminate subclinical myocardial dysfunction in patients with GDM.
Cardiovascular risk profile and gestational diabetes mellitus by maternal nativity and length of US residence in racially diverse, urban, low income population in the United States; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is independently associated with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. GDM disproportionately affects non-Hispanic Black (NHB) women in the United States (US). The prevalence of GDM by nativity (US born versus foreign born) and duration of US residence is not well known in other race/ethnicities. Methods: We analyzed 6088 women with data on GDM from the Boston Birth Cohort. We performed multivariable logistic regression to investigate the association of nativity and duration of US residence (<10 versus ≥10 years residence) with GDM by race (NHB, Hispanic, and White). Covariates included sociodemographic characteristics and CVD risk factors. Results: In our sample, 44.3% were NHB, 39.3% Hispanic, and 16.4% White. Foreign born NHB and Hispanic women with duration of US residence <10 years had lower prevalence of CVD risk factors (multiparity, severe stress, chronic hypertension, smoking in pregnancy, obesity BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) than those with ≥10 years US residence and US born women. Foreign born NHB with duration of US residence <10 years had higher odds of GDM (adjusted OR, aOR: 1.6, 95%CI 0.99-2.6, p=0.05) compared to US born NHB women, while in contrast foreign born Hispanic women with duration of US residence <10 years had lower odds for GDM (aOR 0.54, 95%CI 0.32-0.91, p=0.021). The odds of GDM in Hispanic and NHB women with US residence ≥ 10 years was not significantly different from their US born counterparts. Conclusions: GDM prevalence is higher in foreign-born NHB women with shorter duration of US residence, despite better risk factor profiles. GDM is lower in foreign-born Hispanic women with shorter duration of US residence, mirroring their better risk factor profile. Thus, the “healthy immigrant effect” (health advantages for foreign-born women), appears to not apply to GDM in NHB. Further research is needed to examine why GDM burden in NHB women is not well explained by risk factor burden or environmental stress.
Induction of labour with intracervical Foley catheter in an outpatient setting: A retrospective analysis; Introduction Induction of labour (IOL) is one of the most common obstetric interventions. A mechanical method is the intracervical inserted Foley catheter (FC). According to the ACOG guidelines, the FC can be considered for low-risk pregnancies in an outpatient setting. Due to a shorter inpatient stay, higher patient satisfaction and cost effectiveness are described. Since October 2019 insertion of a FC in the outpatient setting is primarily used in low-risk situations at our institution. If labour cannot be inducted within 24 hours, women are admitted for IOL and continued with oral misoprostol or oxytocin and amniotomy, depending on the Bishop score. Methods From October 2019 until December 2020, we retrospectively analysed all deliveries in our hospital that had primarily been induced with FC in the outpatient setting. Low-risk pregnancies were defined as following: women≥37 weeks of gestation, a maximum of three previous vaginal deliveries and no prior caesarean section, a singleton pregnancy in cephalic position and intact membranes. Results We included 120 out of 190 women. Women with an unsigned general consent form (n=69) and one case of discontinued IOL were excluded.In our population 66.7% of the women were primiparous, 24.2% expected their second child, and 9.1% their third or fourth. The main indications for IOL were postdate (32.5%), fetal macrosomia (12.5%) and oligohydramnios (10.8%). No further induction method after FC was used in 20.8%, 26.7% did not require misoprostol. Vaginal delivery was achieved in 75.8% of the women, 20.8% needed vaginal-operative assistance and 24.2% received a caesarean section. The average time span from FC-insertion to birth was 38.1 hours, the average time of inpatient stay 4 days. There was no case of pathological changes in fetal heart rate at time of hospitalization. No uterine hyperstimulation nor severe maternal events were recorded. Except one case of early onset sepsis there were no severe neonatal events. Discussion In low-risk situations the insertion of FC in the outpatient setting is a safe and effective method of IOL. Our caesarean section rate is similar to the existing literature. Further research in a prospective setting is planned.
Non-Invasive Detection of Fetal Vascular Endothelial Function in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objectives: Endothelial dysfunction in the fetuses of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with their subsequent cardiovascular events. Prenatal assessment of endothelial function in fetuses exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemic environment remains challenging. The aim of this study was to assess the fetal vascular endothelial function in GDM patients using color M-mode derived aortic propagation velocity (APV) and evaluate the correlation of APV with endothelial function biomarkers. Methods: This observational cross-sectional study included 31 gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy pregnant mothers from August 2019 to January 2020. Clinical data were compared between the groups. Fetal APV was measured using color M-mode echocardiography at late gestation. Concentrations of endothelial biomarkers including von Willebrand Factor (vWF), vascular endothelial-cadherin and endothelin-1 in umbilical cord serum were assessed. Measurements between diabetic group and controls were compared. Results: vWF was the only endothelial functional marker that differed between the two groups. Fetuses in the GDM group had significantly lower APV levels and higher vWF levels compared with the healthy controls (P < 0.05). There was a moderate but significant correlation between APV and vWF (r =−0.58, P < 0.001). There were no associations between APV and ventricular wall thickness or umbilical artery pulsatility index. Conclusions: Color M-mode propagation velocity of aorta is a non-invasive, practical method that correlates well with GDM and fetal endothelial function. This novel metric could contribute to recognizing early vascular functional alterations and hence represents a potential strategy for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Efficacy and Mechanisms of Gastric Volume-Restriction Bariatric Devices; Obesity is a chronic disease that affects over 795 million people worldwide. Bariatric surgery is an effective therapy to combat the epidemic of clinically severe obesity, but it is only performed in a very small proportion of patients because of the limited surgical indications, the irreversibility of the procedure, and the potential postoperative complications. As an alternative to bariatric surgery, numerous medical devices have been developed for the treatment of morbid obesity and obesity-related disorders. Most devices target restriction of the stomach, but the mechanism of action is likely more than just mechanical restriction. The objective of this review is to integrate the underlying mechanisms of gastric restrictive bariatric devices in obesity and comorbidities. We call attention to the need for future studies on potential mechanisms to shed light on how current gastric volume-restriction bariatric devices function and how future devices and treatments can be further improved to combat the epidemic of obesity.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and the role of intercurrent type 2 diabetes on long-term risk of cardiovascular events; Recent studies have shown that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk for cardiovascular disease. GDM has also been shown to be a risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) after pregnancy. However, there is limited evidence regarding the role of intercurrent T2DM on the relationship between GDM and future CVD. Thus, we investigated the risks of incident cardiovascular events among women with GDM during pregnancy compared to women without GDM and whether the increased CVD risk is dependent on intercurrent development of T2DM. We conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Korean National Health Insurance Service claims database. Outcomes were the first occurrence of any CVD (myocardial infarction, treatment with coronary revascularization, heart failure, and cerebrovascular disease). Cox proportional hazard models were used to assess the association between GDM and incident CVD events, using landmark analysis at 4 years. A total of 1,500,168 parous women were included in the analysis, of which 159,066 (10.60%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 12.8 years, 13,222 incident cases of total CVD were observed. Multivariable-adjusted hazard ratio for total CVD among women with prior GDM, compared with those without GDM, was 1.08 (95% CI 1.02-1.14). Further classifying GDM by progression to T2DM in relation to total CVD risk indicated a positive association for GDM with progression to T2DM vs no GDM or T2DM (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.40-2.15), and no statistically significant association for GDM only (HR 1.06; 95% CI 1.00-1.12). GDM with subsequent progression to T2DM were linked with an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. These findings highlight the need for more vigilant postpartum screening for diabetes and the implementation of diabetes interventions in women with a history of GDM to reduce future CVD risk.
The Utility of Exosomes in Diagnosis and Therapy of Diabetes Mellitus and Associated Complications; Diabetes mellitus and the associated complications are metabolic diseases with high morbidity that result in poor quality of health and life. The lack of diagnostic methods for early detection results in patients losing the best treatment opportunity. Oral hypoglycemics and exogenous insulin replenishment are currently the most common therapeutic strategies, which only yield temporary glycemic control rather than curing the disease and its complications. Exosomes are nanoparticles containing bioactive molecules reflecting individual physiological status, regulating metabolism, and repairing damaged tissues. They function as biomarkers of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications. Considering that exosomes are bioactive molecules, can be obtained from body fluid, and have cell-type specificity, in this review, we highlight the multifold effects of exosomes in the pathology and therapy of diabetes mellitus and diabetic complications.
The effects of overweight and obesity on pregnancy-related morbidity; Objective: Overweight and obesity in pregnancy poses many possible complications for both mother and fetus. This article reviews the possible morbidity risks, including but not limited to pregnancy loss, maternal diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and post-partum complications, as well as possible neonatal and fetal complications. This article also provides recommendations regarding suggested antenatal weight gain and management strategies, and additional antenatal and postpartum management considerations. Mechanism: This is a review article summarizing the pertinent most recent data on overweight and obesity in pregnancy. Findings in brief: Obesity has effects on pregnancy loss, maternal diabetes, hypertensive disorders, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal infectious diseases. It also has an impact on preterm birth, management of prenatal ultrasound and induction of labor. Conclusions: Maternal overweight and obesity has many implications on pregnancy-related maternal morbidity.
A comparative study of cumulative stress patterns within 14days postpartum in healthy mothers and those with gestational diabetes: A prospective study; Although the number of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is on the rise, only few studies have examined the cumulative stress associated with breastfeeding after childbirth. GDM mothers are susceptible to stress due to insulin resistance, and their level of stress is associated with breastfeeding. This study aimed to identify patterns of stress change over time in GDM mothers and healthy mothers and to identify the factors influencing those patterns.The participants of this study were mothers within 14days after childbirth. The GDM group consisted of 32 mothers, and the healthy group comprised 30 mothers. Cumulative stress was measured in terms of heart rate variability, and linear mixed models were used to analyze changes over time.The cumulative stress of healthy mothers was about 8 points higher than that of mothers with GDM (t=-2.95, P=.005). The cumulative stress level was inversely associated with the mother's age (β=-1.20, P=.018), the mother's weight (β=-0.64, P=.008), and the baby's body mass index (β=-3.09, P=.038). Furthermore, an insufficient amount of breast milk was associated with higher stress (β=16.09, P=.007).GDM mothers and healthy mothers experienced different patterns of cumulative stress. Breastfeeding should be started quickly to promote health and stress reduction among mothers who are physically and psychologically vulnerable after childbirth.It is necessary to incorporate programs to promote breastfeeding considering stress levels at an appropriate time according to the mother's health condition.
Chinese clinical practice guidelines for perioperative blood glucose management; With the increased incidence of diabetes, the number of diabetic patients who require surgical treatment is also increasing. Unfortunately, practices in this area lack standardisation. The purpose of this multidisciplinary, evidence-based guidelines for perioperative blood glucose management is to provide a comprehensive set of recommendations for clinicians treating diabetes with different types of surgery. The intended audience comprises Chinese endocrinologists, surgeons, anaesthetists, clinical pharmacists, nurses and professionals involved in perioperative blood glucose management. The guidelines were formulated as follows. First, a multidisciplinary expert group was established to identify and formulate key research questions on topics of priority according to the Population, Intervention, Comparator and Outcomes (PICO) process. We conducted a meta-analysis of available studies using Review Manager version 5.3, as appropriate. We pooled crude estimates as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals using a random-effects model, and used the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation methods to assess the quality of the retrieved evidence. Finally, 32 recommendations were gathered that covered 11 fields—management and coordination, endocrinologists' consultation, diabetes diagnosis, surgery timing and anaesthesia method, blood glucose target values and monitoring frequency, hypoglycaemia treatment, oral administration of blood glucose lowering drugs, use of insulin, enteral and parenteral nutritional, postoperative treatment and medication and education and training. Twenty-five systematic reviews and meta-analyses were conducted for these guidelines to address the PICO questions. These guidelines are intended to improve perioperative blood glucose management and help doctors in specifying medical diagnosis and treatment, and will be implemented / disseminated extensively in China.
Analysis of Evolution and Ethnic Diversity at Glucose-Associated SNPs of Circadian Clock-Related Loci with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and Melatonin receptor 1B; Diabetes shows high heritability and, worldwide, causes significant health problems including cardiovascular disease and stroke. There is significant variation in the frequency of diabetes between different populations. Both Cryptochromes and Melatonin have a major role to regulate the circadian clock. Circadian clock failure causes metabolic dysfunctions including diabetes and obesity. Variations in the Cryptochrome 1, the Cryptochrome 2, and the Melatonin receptor 1B (MTNR1B) genes show associations with fasting glucose, and are also related to circadian clock. Here, we analyzed evidence for genetic selection and ethnic diversity at circadian clock- and glucose-related gene loci associated with Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We carried out a 3-step genetic method to investigate genetic selection at the Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B on four populations from the 1000 Genomes Project and HapMap. First we used F-statistics to quantify genetic population differences and find ethnic diversity. Then we applied a long-range haplotype test to detect significant extreme long haplotypes, and then the integrated haplotype score (iHS) to find genetic selection at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2, and MTNR1B. We observed genetic population differences and ethnic diversity at one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 1 single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) (rs8192440), one glucose-associated Cryptochrome 2 SNP (rs11605924), and one glucose-associated MTNR1B SNP (rs10830963) by F-statistics. Both Cryptochrome 1 and MTNR1B also showed selection by the iHS. These observations show new evidence for evolution at Cryptochrome 1, Cryptochrome 2 and MTNR1B. Further investigation should continue to examine the evolution of circadian clock- and glucose-related genes.
Long non-coding RNAs in metabolic disorders: pathogenetic relevance and potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets; Background: It has been suggested that dysregulation of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) could be associated with the incidence and development of metabolic disorders. Aim: Accordingly, this narrative review described the molecular mechanisms of lncRNAs in the development of metabolic diseases including insulin resistance, diabetes, obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), cirrhosis, and coronary artery diseases (CAD). Furthermore, we investigated the up-to-date findings on the association of deregulated lncRNAs in the metabolic disorders, and potential use of lncRNAs as biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Conclusion: LncRNAs/miRNA/regulatory proteins axis plays a crucial role in progression of metabolic disorders and may be used in development of therapeutic and diagnostic approaches.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet’s disease: population-based registry linkage study in Taiwan; Objectives: To estimate the risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with Behçet’s disease (BD) Methods: Data collected by the Taiwan National Health Insurance Administration between 2001 and 2012 was used for our study. A total of 2,350,339 pregnancies from the Taiwan National Health Insurance database and birth registry were identified. Maternal history of BD in women was ascertained. A comparison was made to determine whether BD increased the risk of health issues associated with pregnancy and fetal outcomes. Using an adjusted generalized estimating equation model, we estimated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for fetal–neonatal and maternal outcomes. Results: There were 99 pregnancies in women with BD and 2,350,240 pregnancies in women without BD. The OR and 95% CI of puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7–85.9), and those of gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1–3.25). Both were higher than the values in general pregnant women after adjusting for age, infant sex, urban residence, income, occupation, birth year, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. However, there were no adverse fetal outcomes in pregnant women with BD. Conclusions: Patients with BD have no significant risks of multiple complications except for puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Close monitoring of blood sugar is suggested. Furthermore, neonatal outcomes were not influenced by BD.• Patients with Behçet’s disease are at a risk of puerperal cerebrovascular disease and gestational diabetes during pregnancy.• The odds ratio and 95% confidence interval for puerperal cerebrovascular disorders were 12.08 (1.7–85.9), and those for gestational diabetes were 1.89 (1.1–3.25).• Pregnant patients with Behçet’s disease have no risks of neonatal outcomes.
Fetal movements: the origin of human behaviour; The study of the onset and ontogeny of human behaviour has made it clear that a multitude of fetal movement patterns are spontaneously generated, and that there is a close association between activity and the development of peripheral and central structures. The embryo starts moving by 7.5 week’s gestation; 2 to 3 weeks later, a number of movement patterns including general movements, isolated limb and head movements, hiccup, and breathing movements, appear. Some movements (e.g. yawning, smiling, ‘pointing’; we show these in eight videos in this review) precede life-long patterns; others have intrauterine functions, such as sucking/swallowing for amniotic fluid regulation, breathing movements for lung development, or eye movements for retinal cell diversity. In cases of developmental brain dysfunction, fetal general movements alter their sequence and gestalt, which suggests a dysfunction of the developing nervous system. The scarcity of longitudinal studies calls for further comprehensive research on the predictive value of prenatal functional deviations. What this paper adds Motor output can occur in the absence of sensory input. Structural development is activity-dependent. Fetal general movements are among the first movement patterns to occur. Pregnancy-related and maternal factors impact quantity and modulation of fetal general movements. Prenatal general movement assessment has not yet brought the expected breakthrough.
Fetal cardiac Doppler changes in gestational diabetic pregnancies and its relationship with perinatal outcomes; Aim: To examine the structural and functional changes of the fetal heart in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the power of fetal cardiac Doppler parameters in predicting adverse perinatal outcomes in this group of pregnancy. Methods: Within the study's scope, 36 cases in the A1 GDM group, 33 cases in the A2 GDM group, and 124 cases in the control group were evaluated. The relationship between structural and functional fetal cardiac parameters and perinatal outcomes was evaluated via fetal echocardiography. Results: Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) values were found to be statistically significantly higher when compared between the A1 GDM and A2 GDM groups and the control group (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively), while the E/A ratio was found to be significantly lower (p = 0.000 and p = 0.000, respectively). It was determined that the maternal blood HbA1c level showed a significant negative correlation with the fetal cardiac E/A ratio and a significant positive correlation with isovolumetric relaxation time and MPI (p = 0.000, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Adverse perinatal outcome rate was higher in the diabetic group (46.4%–22.6%). When the cases with GDM were examined in terms of perinatal outcomes, it was observed that there was a significant difference in HbA1c levels, E/A ratio, and MPI values between the cases in the group with adverse perinatal outcomes and the group with normal results (p = 0.001, p = 0.000, and p = 0.000, respectively). Conclusions: The strong relationship between abnormal cardiac function and adverse perinatal outcomes suggest that cardiac Doppler may be a valuable tool for fetal monitoring and management for the GDM patient group.
Novel insights on the role of spexin as a biomarker of obesity and related cardiometabolic disease; Spexin (SPX) is a 14-amino acid neuropeptide, discovered recently using bioinformatic techniques. It is encoded by the Ch12:orf39 gene that is widely expressed in different body tissues/organs across species, and secreted into systemic circulation. Recent reports have highlighted a potentially important regulatory role of SPX in obesity and related comorbidities. SPX is also ubiquitously expressed in human tissues, including white adipose tissue. The circulating concentration of SPX is significantly lower in individuals with obesity compared to normal weight counterparts. SPX’s role in obesity appears to be related to various factors, such as the regulation of energy expenditure, appetite, and eating behaviors, increasing locomotion, and inhibiting long-chain fatty acid uptake into adipocytes. Recent reports have also suggested SPX’s relationship with novel biomarkers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and glucose metabolism and evoked the potential role of SPX as a key biomarker/player in the early loss of cardiometabolic health and development of CVD and diabetes later in life. Data on age-related changes in SPX and SPX’s response to various interventions are also emerging. The current review focuses on the role of SPX in obesity and related comorbidities across the life span, and its response to interventions in these conditions. It is expected that this article will provide new ideas for future research on SPX and its metabolic regulation, particularly related to cardiometabolic diseases.
Impact of pregnancy on the trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in women with and without gestational diabetes; Aims: The elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease in women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been attributed to adverse life-course trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors that arise before pregnancy and continue thereafter. We hypothesized that pregnancy may differentially affect these trajectories in women who develop GDM and those who do not. Materials and methods: With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and ≥2 measurements of the following analytes both before and after pregnancy: glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), glucose, lipids and transaminases. In total, 39 581 women (4373 with GDM) had 3.9 ± 3.4 tests before and 4.6 ± 5.4 tests after pregnancy. Results: Both before and after pregnancy, women who developed GDM had higher HbA1c, fasting glucose, low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol and triglycerides than their peers, with lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol (all p <.0001). Before pregnancy, women who went on to GDM had higher annual increases than their peers did in HbA1c, fasting glucose and triglycerides (all p ≤.01); lesser annual decrease in LDL (p =.0003); and greater annual decrease in HDL (p =.0006). Compared with pre-pregnancy, the postpartum differences in annual rates of change in HbA1c and fasting glucose were 6.9- and 3.3-fold higher, respectively, in women with GDM. Conversely, the respective postpartum differences in annual rates of change in triglycerides, LDL and HDL were 1.2, 1.6 and 0.3 times lower than before pregnancy. Conclusion: After pregnancy, differences in pregravid trajectories of glycaemic measures are amplified between women with GDM and their peers. In contrast, pregravid differences in lipid measures persist but do not differentially worsen after pregnancy.
Course and outcomes of pregnancy in women treated for acromegaly: Discerning a contemporary cohort; Objective: To analyze pregnancy course and outcomes in women treated for acromegaly and compare outcomes based on disease activity at the time of conception. Design: Retrospective study. Patients: Women with acromegaly diagnosed prior to or during pregnancy from 2010 to 2019, representing cases (14 pregnancies in 12 cases), were later stratified based on active (n = 5) or controlled disease (n = 9) at time of conception. Female acromegalic patients over the same period constituted the ‘acromegaly cohort’ (AC) (n = 75). Results: All cases had macroadenomas with nadir GH of 15.06 ng/ml (IQR 9–30), IGF-I index of 3.04 (1.96–3.82), for which they had undergone pituitary surgery; except two patients diagnosed during pregnancy, who received pharmacotherapy followed by surgery 4 months postpartum. Adjuvant pharmacotherapy was required in 71.4% patients and radiotherapy in 35.7%. Pregnancy occurred at a median of 2 (0.8–5.1) years after surgery and 21.4% required assisted reproduction. All had term delivery with normal APGAR except one case with gestational hypertension, who delivered a preterm baby. None had congenital malformations. Despite higher baseline IGF-I, GH and tumor volume in those with pre-conceptional active acromegaly, materno-fetal outcomes were not different from those with controlled disease (p > 0.05). Similar or greater proportion of cases had normal GH and no residual tumor postpartum, even in those with pre-conceptional active acromegaly. Conclusion: The current study showed conducive outcomes of gestation in women treated for acromegaly and no higher rates of pregnancy parameters or complications than non-acromegaly pregnancies in the same population. Active acromegaly does not seem to have an adverse bearing on outcomes.
Risk and protective factors for mental disorders beyond genetics: an evidence-based atlas; Decades of research have revealed numerous risk factors for mental disorders beyond genetics, but their consistency and magnitude remain uncer­tain. We conducted a “meta-umbrella” systematic synthesis of umbrella reviews, which are systematic reviews of meta-analyses of individual studies, by searching international databases from inception to January 1, 2021. We included umbrella reviews on non-purely genetic risk or protective factors for any ICD/DSM mental disorders, applying an established classification of the credibility of the evidence: class I (convincing), class II (highly suggestive), class III (suggestive), class IV (weak). Sensitivity analyses were conducted on prospective studies to test for temporality (reverse causation), TRANSD criteria were applied to test transdiagnosticity of factors, and A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) was employed to address the quality of meta-analyses. Fourteen eligible umbrella reviews were retrieved, summarizing 390 meta-analyses and 1,180 associations between putative risk or protective factors and mental disorders. We included 176 class I to III evidence associations, relating to 142 risk/protective factors. The most robust risk factors (class I or II, from prospective designs) were 21. For dementia, they included type 2 diabetes mellitus (risk ratio, RR from 1.54 to 2.28), depression (RR from 1.65 to 1.99) and low frequency of social contacts (RR=1.57). For opioid use disorders, the most robust risk factor was tobacco smoking (odds ratio, OR=3.07). For non-organic psychotic disorders, the most robust risk factors were clinical high risk state for psychosis (OR=9.32), cannabis use (OR=3.90), and childhood adversities (OR=2.80). For depressive disorders, they were widowhood (RR=5.59), sexual dysfunction (OR=2.71), three (OR=1.99) or four-five (OR=2.06) metabolic factors, childhood physical (OR=1.98) and sexual (OR=2.42) abuse, job strain (OR=1.77), obesity (OR=1.35), and sleep disturbances (RR=1.92). For autism spectrum disorder, the most robust risk factor was maternal overweight pre/during pregnancy (RR=1.28). For attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), they were maternal pre-pregnancy obesity (OR=1.63), maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR=1.60), and maternal overweight pre/during pregnancy (OR=1.28). Only one robust protective factor was detected: high physical activity (hazard ratio, HR=0.62) for Alzheimer’s disease. In all, 32.9% of the associations were of high quality, 48.9% of medium quality, and 18.2% of low quality. Transdiagnostic class I-III risk/protective factors were mostly involved in the early neurodevelopmental period. The evidence-based atlas of key risk and protective factors identified in this study represents a benchmark for advancing clinical characterization and research, and for expanding early intervention and preventive strategies for mental disorders.
Arsenic exposure and metabolism in relation to blood pressure changes in pregnant women; Arsenic is concerned with cardiovascular diseases including hypertension, atherosclerosis, and endothelial dysfunction. However, what effects the arsenic exposure and the arsenic metabolism have on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and blood pressure changes during pregnancy remain largely unknown. Our goal was to assess the associations of arsenic exposure and arsenic metabolism with HDP and blood pressure changes in pregnant women through a prospective birth cohort study. A total of 1038 women who were pregnant (52 HDP, 986 non-HDP participants) were included. Arsenic species of spot urine samples collected at three trimesters were measured, which included inorganic arsenic (iAs), monomethylated arsenic (MMA), and dimethylated arsenic (DMA). Arsenic metabolism was evaluated as the percentages of iAs, MMA, and DMA respectively (i.e., iAs%, MMA%, and DMA%). Outcomes were HDP and systolic, diastolic, and mean arterial pressure changes during pregnancy. We employed mixed linear models to investigate the relationships between arsenic exposure and arsenic metabolism with changes in blood pressure during pregnancy. Poisson regression with a robust error variance with generalized estimating equations (GEE) estimation was used so that the associations of arsenic exposure and arsenic metabolism with HDP could be estimated. In this study, there was a significant relationship between the concentrations of urinary DMA and the weekly change in systolic blood pressure (SBP) (β = −0.10; 95% CI: −0.15, −0.05), diastolic blood pressure (DBP) (β = −0.07; 95% CI: −0.11, −0.02) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) (β = −0.08; 95% CI: −0.12, −0.04). Higher DMA% was accompanied with lesser weekly increase in SBP (β = −0.05; 95% CI: −0.10, 0.00), DBP (β = −0.06; 95% CI: −0.10, −0.01) and MAP (β = −0.06; 95% CI: −0.09, −0.01) during pregnancy. There was a positive association with the highest tertile of iAs% and weekly change of SBP (β = 0.08; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.13), DBP (β = 0.07; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.11) and MAP (β = 0.07; 95% CI: 0.03, 0.11). No association was found between each arsenic specie and arsenic metabolism marker in the first trimester and risk of HDP. Arsenic exposure and arsenic metabolism during pregnancy potentially change blood pressure of pregnant women. These findings may be significance as even modest elevation of blood pressure can increase the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Mediterranean diet in type 2 diabetes: An updated overview of pharmacological activities of cardiometabolic and reproductive outcomes; Mediterranean diet represents an optimal “way of living” to pursue in order to preserve health and well-being. A large body of evidence indicates that the Mediterranean diet is effective in preventing diabetes and improving both glycemic control and cardiometabolic health in people with type 2 diabetes. Moreover, in the recent years a growing interest risen on the importance of dietary style choice in both male and female sexual and reproductive health. This review aims at providing an updated overview of the latest available evidence on the effects of Mediterranean diet on cardiovascular, metabolic, and reproductive health in the context of type 2 diabetes.
Planned pregnancy in kidney transplantation. A calculated risk; Pregnancy is not contraindicated in kidney transplant women but entails risks of maternal and fetal complications. Three main conditions can influence the outcome of pregnancy in transplant women: preconception counseling, maternal medical management, and correct use of drugs to prevent fetal toxicity. Preconception counseling is needed to prevent the risks of an unplanned untimely pregnancy. Pregnancy should be planned ≥2 years after transplantation. The candidate for pregnancy should have normal blood pressure, stable serum creatinine <1.5 mg/dL, and protein-uria <500 mg/24 h. Maternal medical management is critical for early detection and treatment of complications such as hypertension, preeclampsia, thrombotic microangiopathy, graft dysfunction, gestational diabetes, and infection. These adverse outcomes are strongly related to the degree of kidney dysfunction. A major issue is represented by the potential fetotoxicity of drugs. Moderate doses of glucocorticoids, azathioprine, and mTOR inhibitors are relatively safe. Calcineurin inhibitors (CNIs) are not associated with teratogenicity but may increase the risk of low birth weight. Rituximab and eculizumab should be used in pregnancy only if the benefits outweigh the risk for the fetus. Renin–angiotensin system inhibitors, mycophenolate, bortezomib, and cyclophosphamide can lead to fetal toxicity and should not be prescribed to pregnant women.
Vasa previa: Diagnosis and management; Vasa previa (VP) is a catastrophic condition which, if unrecognized before the rupture of membranes or labor onset, leads to fetal exsanguination due to the laceration of fetal vulnerable blood vessels lacking the protection of Wharton’s jelly. Recently, obstetricians seem to be more careful in the scanning of umbilical cord insertion because of the increased awareness of VP and the accumulated knowledge of its risk factors, such as velamentous cord insertion, the presence of second-trimester placenta previa, bilobed placenta, and pregnancy by assisted reproductive technology (ART). However, the detection and management of VP is still challenging. In this review, the authors focus on the ultrasound diagnosis and clinical management of VP.
Loss of statin treatment years during pregnancy and breastfeeding periods in women with familial hypercholesterolemia; Background and aims: Women with heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) are recommended to initiate statin treatment at the same age as men (from 8 to 10 years of age). However, statins are contraindicated when pregnancy is planned, during pregnancy and breastfeeding. The aim of the study was to determine the duration of pregnancy-related off-statin periods and breastfeeding in FH women. Methods: A cross-sectional study using an anonymous online self-administered questionnaire was conducted. Women with FH were recruited through Lipid Clinics in Norway and Netherlands and national FH patient organizations. Results: 102 women with FH (n = 70 Norwegian and n = 32 Dutch) were included in the analysis. Total length of pregnancy-related off-statin periods was estimated for 80 women where data were available, and was median (min-max) 2.3 (0–14.2) years. Lost statin treatment time was estimated for 67 women where data were available, and was median (min-max) 18 (0–100)% at mean (SD) age of 31 (4.3) years at last pregnancy. More women breastfed in Norway (83%) and for longer time [8.5 [1-42] months] compared to the Netherlands [63%, p = 0.03; 3.6 (0–14) months, p < 0.001]. Eighty-six percent of the women reported need for more information on pregnancy and breastfeeding in relation to FH. Conclusions: Young FH women lose years of treatment when discontinuing statins in relation to pregnancy and breastfeeding periods and should be closely followed up to minimize the duration of these off-statin periods. Whether these periods of interrupted treatment increase the cardiovascular risk in FH women needs to be further elucidated.
Interconception Care for Primary Care Providers: Consensus Recommendations on Preconception and Postpartum Management of Reproductive-Age Patients With Medical Comorbidities; Severe maternal morbidity and mortality continue to increase in the United States, largely owing to chronic and newly diagnosed medical comorbidities. Interconception care, or care and management of medical conditions between pregnancies, can improve chronic disease control before, during, and after pregnancy. It is a crucial and time-sensitive intervention that can decrease maternal morbidity and mortality and improve overall health. Despite these potential benefits, interconception care has not been well implemented by the primary care community. Furthermore, there is a lack of guidelines for optimizing preconception chronic disease, risk stratifying postpartum chronic diseases, and recommending general collaborative management principles for reproductive-age patients in the period between pregnancies. As a result, many primary care providers, especially those without obstetric training, are unclear about their specific role in interconception care and may be unsure of effective methods for collaborating with obstetric care providers. In particular, internal medicine physicians, the largest group of primary care physicians, may lack sufficient clinical exposure to medical conditions in the obstetric population during their residency training and may feel uncomfortable in caring for these patients in their subsequent practice. The objective of this article is to review concepts around interconception care, focusing specifically on preconception care for patients with chronic medical conditions (eg, chronic hypertension, chronic diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, venous thromboembolism, and obesity) and postpartum care for those with medically complicated pregnancies (eg, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, excessive gestational weight gain, peripartum cardiomyopathy, and peripartum mood disorders). We also provide a pragmatic checklist for preconception and postpartum management.
UTILIZATION OF POINT-OF-CARE ULTRASOUND AND ROTATIONAL THROMBOELASTOMETRY TO DIAGNOSE AND MANAGE AMNIOTIC FLUID EMBOLISM PRESENTING AS POST-PARTUM HEMORRHAGE AND CARDIAC ARREST; TOPIC: Critical Care TYPE: Medical Student/Resident Case Reports INTRODUCTION: Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a life-threatening obstetrical emergency. Despite its clinical significance there is little guidance on diagnosis and management[1, 2, 3]. In the absence of more specific diagnostic guidelines, point-of-care ultrasound (POCUS) in combination with rotational thromboelastometry (ROTEM) can aid in the diagnosis and management of AFE and have a significant impact on clinical outcomes[4]. CASE PRESENTATION: A 29-year-old, previously healthy, gravida 1 female presented at 39 weeks' gestation for induction of labor due to gestational diabetes and concerns surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic. The patient was laboring for approximately 10 hours when she suddenly started to feel nauseous, lightheaded, and subsequently suffered a syncopal episode complicated by fetal bradycardia. She was tachycardic, poorly responsive and in respiratory distress. She was transferred to the operating room (OR) for emergency Cesarean section. After the uterine incision, the intubated patient developed circulatory collapse followed by a sinus tachycardia pulseless electrical activity (PEA) arrest. Chest compressions were initiated, and the hospital code/resuscitation team was called to the OR. The patient started bleeding from her incision leading to an initial diagnosis of hemorrhagic shock. The code team, equipped with point-of-care ultrasound skill obtained an apical 4-chamber view (Figure 1) that revealed a severely dilated and hypokinetic right ventricle, and a hyperdynamic, underfilled left ventricle. The ultrasound findings in combination with significant bleeding were felt to be consistent with AFE not hemorrhagic shock and the extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) team was activated for bedside cannulation. ROTEM (Figure 2) demonstrated markedly prolonged clotting time, prolonged clotting formation time and very low clot amplitude consistent with DIC, further supporting the diagnosis of AFE and prompted the difficult decision to withhold heparin after VA-ECMO cannulation. Following stabilization, patient was transferred to the intensive care unit with a diagnosis of AFE complicated by DIC and post-partum hemorrhage. She left the hospital with no physical or neurologic deficits 31 days later with her healthy baby boy. DISCUSSION: The description of POCUS use during cardiovascular resuscitation in the setting of AFE and other obstetric emergencies is rare. Identifying a dilated right ventricle on ultrasound can narrow the diagnosis of circulatory collapse in the peripartum patient to pulmonary embolism (PE) and AFE. ROTEM can help differentiate AFE from PE by identifying DIC with one study estimating the occurrence of DIC in PE at 1 % compared to 30-77% in AFE[5]. CONCLUSIONS: The use of POCUS and ROTEM in the diagnosis and management of AFE can guide lifesaving clinical decision making in the peripartum patient who develops circulatory collapse followed by cardiac arrest. REFERENCE #1: Sitaula S, Das D, Sitaula S, Chhetry M. Amniotic fluid embolism: A rare cause of maternal collapse-A case report. Clin Case Rep. 2020;8(12):3359-3361. Published 2020 Oct 26. doi:10.1002/ccr3.3433 REFERENCE #2: Loughran JA, Kitchen TL, Sindhakar S, Ashraf M, Awad M, Kealaher EJ. Rotational thermoelectrometry (ROTEM®)-guided diagnosis and management of amniotic fluid embolism. Int J Obstet Anesth. 2019;38:127-130. doi:10.1016/j.ijoa.2018.09.001 REFERENCE #3: Rath WH, Hoferr S, Sinicina I. Amniotic fluid embolism: an interdisciplinary challenge: epidemiology, diagnosis and treatment. Dtsch Arztebl Int. 2014;111(8):126-132. doi:10.3238/arztebl.2014.0126 DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Angela Phillips, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by David Tierney, source=Web Response
Traditional cardiovascular risk factors are associated with adverse cardiac events in pregnant women with elevated right ventricular systolic pressure; Background: Elevated right ventricular systolic pressure (RVSP) of >50 mmHg and left ventricular dysfunction are established echocardiographic predictors of adverse cardiac events (ACE) in pregnancy. The aim of this study was to identify clinical variables associated with ACE during pregnancy in women with elevated RVSP. Materials and Methods: Pregnant women with RVSP ≥ 35mmHg (without right ventricular outflow obstruction or mechanical valves) were retrospectively identified and cardiac, obstetric and fetal outcomes in pregnancy were assessed. Clinical variables were evaluated for association with ACE. Results: We identified 98 women (30 ± 6 years-old, RVSP 44 ± 10 mmHg, left ventricular ejection fraction [LVEF] 55 ± 10%) with RVSP ≥ 35mmHg (Figure A), and using simplified European Society of Cardiology (ESC) echocardiographic criteria classified them as low (n = 39 (40%)), intermediate (n = 46 (47%)), or high probability (n = 13 (13%)) for pulmonary hypertension (PH). A total of 30 ACE occurred in 25 women (26%) (Figure B), including heart failure (25 events / 20 women) and venous thromboembolism (5 events / 5 women). No maternal deaths occurred in pregnancy or through 42 days postpartum. On univariate analysis, pre-pregnancy hypertension, non-gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), LVEF < 50% and RVSP ≥ 50 mmHg were associated with ACE, while risk was decreased for women with low echocardiographic PH probability (Figure C). In viable pregnancies, HDP occurred in 21 (31%), cesarean delivery in 47 (52%), preterm birth in 32 (53%) and fetal mortality in 1 (1%). Conclusions: In pregnant women with elevated RVSP, traditional cardiovascular risk factors including pre-pregnancy hypertension, non-gestational diabetes, and HDP were associated with increased ACE during pregnancy, in addition to LVEF < 50% and RVSP ≥ 50 mmHg. Low probability of PH by ESC criteria predicted a lower risk of ACE in pregnancy.
Higher Global Diet Quality Score Is Inversely Associated with Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in US Women; Background: We have developed a diet quality metric intended for global use. To assess its utility in high-income settings, an evaluation of its ability to predict chronic disease is needed. Objectives: We aimed to prospectively examine the ability of the Global Diet Quality Score (GDQS) to predict the risk of type 2 diabetes in the United States, examine potential differences of association by age, and compare the GDQS with other diet quality scores. Methods: Health, lifestyle, and diet information was collected from women (n = 88,520) in the Nurses' Health Study II aged 27-44 y at baseline through repeated questionnaires between 1991 and 2017. The overall GDQS consists of 25 food groups. Points are awarded for higher intake of healthy groups and lower intake of unhealthy groups (maximum of 49 points). Multivariable HRs were computed for confirmed type 2 diabetes using proportional hazards models. We also compared the GDQS with the Minimum Diet Diversity score for Women (MDD-W) and the Alternate Healthy Eating Index-2010 (AHEI-2010). Results: We ascertained 6305 incident cases of type 2 diabetes during follow-up. We observed a lower risk of diabetes with higher GDQS; the multivariable HR comparing extreme quintiles of the GDQS was 0.83 (95% CI: 0.76, 0.91; P-trend < 0.001). The magnitude of association was similar between women aged <50 y and those aged ≥50 y. An inverse association was observed with lower intake of unhealthy components (HR comparing extreme quintiles of the unhealthy submetric: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.69, 0.84; P-trend < 0.001) but was not with the healthy submetric. The inverse association for each 1-SD increase in the GDQS (HR: 0.93; 95% CI: 0.91, 0.96) was stronger (P < 0.001) than for the MDD-W (HR: 1.00; 95% CI: 0.94, 1.04) but was slightly weaker (P = 0.03) than for the AHEI-2010 (HR: 0.91; 95% CI: 0.88, 0.94). Conclusions: A higher GDQS was inversely associated with type 2 diabetes risk in US women of reproductive age or older, mainly from lower intake of unhealthy foods. The GDQS performed nearly as well as the AHEI-2010.
STUDY OF SOME HORMONAL PARAMETERS ASSOCIATED WITH POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME (PCOS) IN TYPE2 DIABETIC WOMEN (T2DM); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorders in premenopausal women which is characterized by hyperandrogenemia and hyperinsulinemia that lead to infertility due to non-ovulation. The current study aimed to evaluate some hormonal and biochemical parameters associated with polycystic ovary syndrome in diabetic women type 2. The current study included one hundred twenty premenopausal women with age ranged (35-45) years divided into four groups and each group have 30 women at the following: group (1) control group, group (2) women with PCOS, group (3): women with T2DM and group (4): women with PCOS and T2DM. The results of luteinizing hormone (LH), luteinizing hormone/ follicle stimulating hormone (LH /FSH) ratio, prolactin (PRL), testosterone and dihydrotestosterone (DHT) revealed that the second and fourth groups were increased significantly (p < 0.05) compared with the first group. While, the result of FSH in the second and fourth groups decreased significantly (p < 0.05) compared with the first group. No significant differences in FSH, LH, LH/FSH ratio and prolactin in third group compared with the first group. While, testosterone and DHT in third group was increased significant (p < 0.05) compared with first group. The physiological impact of PCOS and T2DM to our parameters are discussed due to effect of the PCOS and T2DM on the hyperandrogenimia (high levels of androgen hormones) and hyperinsulinemia (high insulin level) and their effects.
Gestational Diabetes and Incident Heart Failure: A Cohort Study; OBJECTIVE To assess whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of heart failure (HF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We conducted a population-based cohort study using information from the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care of Ontario (Canada) health care administrative databases. We identified all women in Ontario with a GDM diagnosis with a live birth singleton delivery between 1 July 2007 and 31 March 2018. Women with diabetes or HF before pregnancy were excluded. GDM was defined based on laboratory test results and diagnosis coding. The primary outcome was incident HF hospitalization over a period extending from the index pregnancy until 31 March 2019. The secondary outcome was prevalent peripartum cardiomyopathy at index pregnancy. Estimates of association were adjusted for relevant cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS Among 906,319 eligible women (mean age 30 years [SD 5.6], 50,193 with GDM [5.5%]), there were 763 HF events over a median follow-up period of 7 years. GDM was associated with a higher risk of incident HF (adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 1.62 [95% CI 1.28, 2.05]) compared with no GDM. This association remained significant after accounting for chronic kidney disease, postpartum diabetes, hypertension, and coronary artery disease (aHR 1.39 [95% CI 1.09, 1.79]). GDM increased the odds of peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio 1.83 [95% CI 1.45, 2.33]). CONCLUSIONS In a large observational study, GDM was associated with an increased risk of HF. Consequently, diabetes screening during pregnancy is suggested to identify women at risk for HF.
Nonlaboratory-Based Risk Assessment Model for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus Screening in Chinese Rural Population: A Joint Bagging-Boosting Model; Diabetes mellitus is one of the major public health problems in the world due to its high prevalence and medical costs. The prevention effort necessitates reliable risk assessment models which can effectively identify high-risk individuals and enable healthcare practitioners to initiate appropriate preventive interventions. However, diabetes risk assessment models based on data analysis face multiple challenges, such as class imbalance and low identification rate. To cope with these challenges, this paper proposed an analytical framework based on data-driven approaches using large population data from the Henan Rural Cohort Study. A joint bagging-boosting model (JBM) was developed and validated. For the convenience of large-scale population screening, our study excluded laboratory variables and collinearity variables using the maximum likelihood ratio method to obtain accessibility variables. Then, we explored the effects of different methods for dealing with the unbalanced nature of the available data, including over-sampling and under-sampling methods. Finally, to improve the overall model performance, a joint model which combined the bagging and boosting algorithms with the stacking algorithm was constructed. The model we built demonstrated good discrimination, with an area under the curve (AUC) value of 0.885, and acceptable calibration (Brier score = 0.072). Compared with the benchmark model, the proposed framework improved the AUC value of the overall model performance by 13.5%, and the recall increased from 0.744 to 0.847. The proposed model contributes to the personalized management of diabetes, especially in medical resource-poor settings.
Opioid-free anesthesia with interfascial dexmedetomidine in a high-risk infant; Despite the advances in pediatric anesthesia, infants have higher mortality and critical incidents rates than children, especially ex-prematures and those with comorbidity. We present the case of a high-risk infant who underwent elective laparoscopic gastrostomy under opioid-free anesthesia (OFA) combined with transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block with Dexmedetomidine (DEX). Perioperative opioids were entirely avoided, and intraoperative anesthetics and postoperative analgesic were considerably reduced. The infant showed cardiorespiratory stability and optimal analgesia during the uneventful procedure and the postoperative period. We consider OFA and TAP block with DEX a safe and effective anesthetic combination for high-risk infants.
The impact of a lifestyle intervention on pregnancy and postpartum cardiovascular and insulin resistance biomarkers among at-risk latinas; Women with abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy are at elevated risk for the development of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Latinas experience higher rates of these disorders compared to non-Latina whites. Prior lifestyle interventions were often limited to non-Latina whites, required travel to a gym, and did not utilize a theoretical framework. Therefore, we evaluated the effect of a culturally modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention on biomarkers of CVD risk and insulin resistance among 131 pregnant Latinas with abnormal glucose tolerance in Estudio PARTO. Women were randomly assigned at 24-28 weeks of gestation (baseline) to a Lifestyle Intervention (LI; n = 60), focused on achieving Institute of Medicine guidelines for postpartum weight loss through physical activity and diet, or to a Health and Wellness comparison arm (HW; n = 71). Follow-up assessments occurred at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. Participants had a mean age of 27.3 years, 77% were overweight or obese and 45% were born outside the US. Almost half of participants (45%) had isolated hyperglycemia, 18% had impaired glucose tolerance and 37% had gestational diabetes mellitus. There were no significant differences between arms at baseline. In intent to treat analysis, we observed a significantly greater decrease in insulin (β =-4.52, 95% CI:-9.36, 0.32) in the LI arm compared to the HW arm, across the first year postpartum. We also observed a significant decrease in HDL cholesterol (β =-4.32, 95% CI:-8.35,-0.28), which may be due to differences in change in weight across the arms. There were no significant differences in change between arms in total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, blood glucose and HbA1c. In this randomized trial among high-risk Latinas, findings suggest that a lifestyle intervention may have a beneficial impact on postpartum insulin but not on HDL cholesterol but require replication in larger studies.
Impact of perinatal factors on biomarkers of cardiovascular disease risk in preadolescent children; Background Arterial stiffness is an independent predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in adults. Arterial structure and function changes that increase arterial stiffness occur gradually over years but may be influenced by the perinatal environment. Objectives To systematically review the literature to determine how the perinatal environment impacts arterial structure and function in preadolescent children, following PRISMA guidelines. Methods PubMed was searched using the terms: 'pulse wave velocity' (PWV), 'carotid intima-media thickness' (cIMT), 'arterial stiffness index' (SIx), 'flow-mediated dilation' (FMD), 'flow imaging', 'laser flow Doppler', 'venous plethysmography', 'cardi∗ magnetic resonance imaging', 'aortic intima-media thickness' (aIMT), 'vascular ultrasound' and 'neonat∗', 'paediatric', 'infant∗', 'child∗'. Case reports, case series, reviews, commentaries, conference proceedings, animal studies, articles not in English and articles with children >12 years old were excluded. Articles exploring the impact of perinatal factors on arterial structure and function were included. Results 28/1084 studies identified were included. PWV, a measure of arterial stiffness, was performed in 20 studies, including brachio-femoral (bfPWV), carotid-femoral (cfPWV), brachio-radial (brPWV) and aortic PWV (aPWV). Two studies measured the augmentation index (AIx), and two measured stiffness index (SIx), both indicators of vessel stiffness. Five studies measured cIMT and aIMT, since wall thickness can influence arterial stiffness. 17/28 studies explored perinatal maternal factors. Maternal age, serum ferritin, ethnicity, and psychosocial stress did not significantly impact neonatal PWV. Oily fish consumption in late pregnancy was associated with lower childhood aortic PWV (0.084m/s/portion/week; 95% CI: -0.137 to -0.031; p=0.002); maternal alcohol consumption in the second trimester was associated with increased cfPWV at 9 years (0.2m/s higher; 95% CI: 0.06 - 0.4, p=0.02). Maternal diabetes was associated with higher neonatal and infant PWV (two studies). The reported impact of maternal blood pressure (BP) varied: no association was found with infant bfPWV, but an inverse relationship was found between neonatal aPWV and maternal BP (r=-0.57m/s; 95% CI -0.67 to -0.45). cIMT in five-yearolds was 0.61mm greater per 1mmHg increased maternal BP. Eight studies explored the impact of fetal growth restriction (FGR) or small for gestational age (SGA), and three explored prematurity. FGR infants had a greater rise in brPWV between 1 week and 6 months old compared to appropriately grown infants (1.5 vs 0.9cm/s increase, p=0.03); however, aPWV and SIx did not differ between groups. One-week-old SGA infants had higher weight-adjusted aIMT (383±163 vs 256±43mm/kg, p£0.001) and SIx (2.0±1.7 vs 1.1±0.4b/kg, p=0.005) than appropriately grown infants. Prematurity was associated with increased aortic stiffness in 2/3 studies: for example, AIx values were 5% higher (95% CI: 2%-8%) in 11-year-olds born £25 weeks. However, in six-year-olds, SIx and cIMT were similar in term and preterm (<27 weeks) cohorts. Conclusions Studies included used diverse methods and different ages of participants, and inconsistent definitions for SGA/ FGR were applied. Nevertheless, the perinatal environment appears to influence offspring arterial structure and function in preadolescent children. Future research should aim to establish reference values for arterial stiffness-related measures in preadolescent children using consistent methodologies, in order to allow earlier, targeted clinical and public health interventions focused on those at the highest long-term cardiovascular risk.
Role of Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) as a prognostic marker for fetal and maternal complications in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first diagnosis during pregnancy. While GDM usually resolves following delivery, it can have long-lasting health consequences, including increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the mother, and future obesity, CVD, T2DM, and/or GDM in the child. This contributes to a vicious intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes that impacts the health of the population as a whole. Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a hormone that is expressed predominantly in the liver, but also in other metabolically active tissues such as pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. An elevated FGF21 level is also an independent predictor of T2DM. GDM and T2DM are proposed to have similar underlying pathophysiologies, raising the question of whether a similar relationship exists between FGF21 and GDM as it does with T2DM. Objectives assess the role of Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF-21) as a prognostic marker for maternal and fetal complications in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Patients and Methods A case control study that was conducted on 50 patients diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and 50 control subjects at Diabetes and Obstetrics outpatient clinic and inpatient ward at Ain Shams university hospitals in the period between December 2018 and July 2019. Patients diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) at 24-28 weeks of gestation were included in this study. Results FGF 21 levels varied significantly with blood sugar values where higher levels of FGF 21 levels were found in patients with GDM with study results showing that FGF 21 can be used as a diagnostic marker for GDM at levels above 121 pg/ml with sensitivity 84% and specificity 92%. Conclusion FGF 21 can be used as a diagnostic marker for gestational diabetes. Further studies needed for better correlation between FGF 21 levels during pregnancy and maternal outcome.
Epigenetic regulation of oxidative and inflammatory phenotypes in women with gestational diabetes and offspring; Background: Hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress and inflammation are potent drivers of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Gestational diabetes (GDM) is characterized by chronic hyperglycemia during pregnancy and may represent a clinical model to study the mechanisms of oxidative stress and inflammation induced by hyperglycemia. GDM is associated with a range of adverse perinatal and long-term outcomes for both mother and offspring. In this perspective, it is emerging a putative association between maternal GDM and offspring's epigenetic trait. Purpose: To investigate the link between histone modifications, oxidative stress and inflammatory phenotype as well as the transmission of epigenetic signatures to the offspring. Methods: We analyzed peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from GDM and control mothers as well as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) and cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMC) isolated from newborn umbilical cords obtained at delivery from both groups. Histone methyltransferase MLL1-dependent trimethylation of histone 3 at lysine 4 amino residue (H3K4me3) on NF-kB p65 subunit promoter region was assessed by chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) and real-time qPCR in HUVEC, PBMC and CBMC, respectively. MLL1 and downstream inflammatory and redox genes were determined by real-time qPCR and immunocytochemistry in the presence and in the absence of MLL1 inhibitor MM-102. Measurement of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was performed by electron spin resonance spectroscopy. Results: For the first time, we demonstrated a significant increase of MLL1 expression with subsequent MLL1-induced upregulation of NF-kB p65 gene via H3K4me3 in GDM as compared to control cells. MLL1-driven epigenetic remodeling of NF-kB p65 promoter is upstream to the activation of inflammatory pathway. Indeed, treatment with MM-102 decreased H3K4me3 and blunted expression of NF-kB p65 as well as VCAM-1, MCP-1 and IL-6 genes. We also found that expression of ROS scavenger aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 is reduced, whereas pro-oxidant nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) oxidase subunit NOX4 is upregulated. Interestingly, the increased ROS generation observed in GDM is involved in the upregulation of MLL1 as shown by the restoring effect of antioxidant vitamin C on MLL1 expression levels. Conclusions: Our results suggest that a complex interplay between oxidative stress and histone modifications are responsible for the GDM maternal inflammatory and oxidative phenotypes and its transmission to the offspring. The deciphering of epigenetic-induced chromatin remodelling opens the perspective for pharmacological reprogramming of adverse chromatin changes to reduce the burden of early development of metabolic phenotypes and ASCVD.
Cardiac function in fetal and infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes; Background: The intraventricular pressure differences (IVPD) IVPD using color M-mode is a specific marker in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). (Circulation R 2019, 378-388). Purpose: This study investigated the myocardial performance of fetuses in mothers with GDM under the new GDM definition. Method: The study population comprised of 27 mothers with GDM and the fetus. Women with GDM were defined as those with a glucose metabolism abnormality that existed before or began during the current pregnancy and was diagnosed using OGTTs. The 5 mothers with type 1 or type 2 DM were receiving insulin before their pregnancy. Fetal echo measurements were performed about median gestational age 35 weeks. The primary outcomes were comparisons of the fetal myocardial performance of GDM with insulin administration and without administration using echocardiography with IVPD, and IVPG. The secondary outcome has investigated the relationships between echocardiography parameters, IVPD, and IVPG, and maternal factors. For all statistical analyses, P<0.05 was considered significant. Result: In the insulin group was higher RV output (Fig. 2A). Maternal max HbA1c was observed to have a positive correlation with fetal RV output, significantly (Fig. 2B). Maternal max fasting blood glucose was observed to have a negative correlation with the Total, Basal and Mid to apical IVPD, significantly, respectively. Serial change of LV Total IVPD from fetal to after birth shown in Slide. In both groups, LV Total IVPD was increasing from fetal and after birth significantly. Conclusion: The mechanism associated with the favorable systolic and diastolic performances in IGDMs is suggested to involve metabolic adaptations in the heart. In diabetic mice, these adaptations seem to prevent the heart from failing during conditions of pressure overload, suggesting a restoration of the balance between glucose and fatty acid utilization is beneficial for cardiac function. In fetal LV and RV-IVPD might be interacted the mother's blood sugar control. These indexes can predict the sensitive fetal and infant's cardiac dysfunction for GDM. (Figure Presented).
Risk factors for early concentric left ventricular remodelling in women and men at risk for heart failure; Background/Purpose: Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) is currently hard to treat, and more prevalent in women as compared to men. Therefore, focus on prevention is key. Concentric remodelling is considered a pre-stage of HFpEF, yet knowledge on distributions and risk factor relations are scarce. Therefore, we identified the prevalence of early remodelling in women and men, and studied risk factors for early remodelling in women and men at risk for heart failure. Methods: Clinical and echocardiographic data from 880 individuals, included in the HELPFul cohort were analysed (mean age 62.9 ±SD 9.3 years, 68.6% women). Relative wall thickness was calculated with the formula (2∗LVPWD)/LVEDD and expressed as percentage. Concentric remodelling was defined as a relative wall thickness >42%. The relationship of classical cardiovascular risk factors, anthropometric -, lifestyle -, and pregnancy factors with relative wall thickness was tested using uni- and multivariable analyses for women and men separately. The association of continuous variables with relative wall thickness was analysed per standard deviation (SD) increase. Results: Relative wall thickness was similar for both men (mean 43.2 ±SD 9.5) and women (mean 42.6 ±SD 8.1). Concentric remodelling (RWT >42%) was present in 49.1% of the population. Multivariable analyses showed that age, heart rate, systolic blood pressure, hypertension, and the usage of antihypertensive medication were independently associated with relative wall thickness in women. In men, heart rate and hypertension were independently associated with relative wall thickness. No associations were found for lifestyle factors such as smoking and alcohol intake. In women, there was no significant association of hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes with relative wall thickness. When relative wall thickness was dichotomized with >42% as cut-off for concentric remodelling the same risk factors remained independently associated in women. Per SD increase age, systolic blood pressure, heart rate, a diagnosis of hypertension and usage of antihypertensive medication were associated with an increased risk of concentric remodelling (OR=1.39 (95% CI: 1.18-1.64), 1.27 (95% CI: 1.05-1.53), 1.32 (95% CI: 1.10-1.58), 1.61 (95% CI: 1.09-2.36) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.16-2.43), respectively) (Figure 1). In men, only a diagnosis of hypertension was a risk factor for concentric remodelling (OR=1.80 (95% CI: 1.05-3.06)). Conclusion: Left ventricular concentric remodelling was as common in women as in men visiting outpatient cardiology clinics and found in half of the population. No sex-specific -, or lifestyle related risk factors could be identified. A relation with hypertension was evident in both sexes, but surprisingly no association of hypertensive pregnancy disorders was found. Concentric remodelling in women and men remains a common, but poorly understood, phenomenon that warrants further attention.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women with structural heart disease: Data from the ESC EORP registry of pregnancy and cardiac disease (ROPAC); Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are estimated to occur in 10% of pregnancies in the general population and preeclampsia specifically in 3-5%. HDP are suggested to be more common in and less well tolerated by women with heart disease. However, the current data are conflicting and this knowledge gap impacts clinical practice guidelines. Purpose: To harness the well characterized data of the Registry of Pregnancy and Cardiac disease (ROPAC) to examine the frequency of HDP in women with structural heart disease and its impact on maternal and perinatal outcomes. Methods: The ROPAC registry (n=5739) is a worldwide prospective registry on pregnancies in women with heart disease, including congenital heart disease (CHD, n=3295), valvular heart disease (VHD, n=1648), cardiomyopathy (CMP, n=438), aortopathy (AOP, n=217), ischemic heart disease (IHD, n=95), and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH, n=45). We defined HDP as either chronic hypertension, gestational hypertension, and/or preeclampsia (including HELLP syndrome and eclampsia) and assessed the frequency of HDP in each heart disease category. Predictors of preeclampsia were identified using multivariable logistic regression. The proportion of women with adverse maternal, pregnancy, and fetal/neonatal outcomes were described among women with preeclampsia or HDP, and compared between women with and women without HDP using chi-square tests. Results: In total, the frequency of HDP and preeclampsia was 9.3% and 2.6% in CHD, 7.5% and 2.2% in VHD, 18.7% and 7.1% in CMP, 15.7% and 2.8% AOP, 35.8% and 6.3% in IHD, and 22.2% and 11.1% in PAH. Independent predictors of preeclampsia were chronic hypertension (OR 3.06, 95% CI 2-4.69), nulliparity (2.39, 1.68-3.38), HDP in a previous pregnancy (2.29, 1.11-4.7), gestational diabetes in the current pregnancy (2.13, 1.13-4.03), pulmonary hypertension (1.71, 1.08-2.7) and age (1.04, 1.01-1.07). In women with preeclampsia and heart disease, maternal mortality was 3.5% and heart failure was 29.1%. Maternal mortality (1.4% vs 0.6%, p=0.042), heart failure (18.5% vs 10.6%), Caesarean section (61.2% vs 48.4%), preterm births (27.4% vs 16.9%), low Apgar score (9.8% vs 6.6%), small for gestational age (14.6% vs 9.7%) and neonatal mortality (1.7% vs 0.4%) were higher in women with than women without HDP (all p<0.001 except maternal mortality). Conclusions: The frequency of HDP is increased (>10%) in CMP, AOP, IHD and PAH, but not in CHD and VHD. The high frequency of HDP is partly due to chronic hypertension, but the incidence of preeclampsia is also increased (>5%) in CMP, IHD and PAH. Among women with cardiac disease, HDP were associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. The high maternal mortality rate of 3.5% in women with heart disease and preeclampsia warrants close clinical monitoring and a better understanding of the optimal management strategies in the complex population group.
Atherosclerotic changes in human organism caused by haptoglobin phenotype; BACKGROUND-AIM Human gene of haptoglobin is presented by two alleles. Haptoglobin types are 1-1, 1-2 and 2-2. Different studies show role of type 2-2 in cardio-vascular disease occurrence during diabetes. Haptoglobin type 1 is known to suppress hemoglobin-based oxygenation of HDL and LDL, acting like antioxidant. METHODS According to a previous trial, Bulgarian population is with haptoglobin 2-2 type, which causes frequent morbidity by systematic diseases, such as atherosclerosis, diabetes, diabetic nephropathies, gestational diabetes, anemia, etc. 66 volunteers were included, age 31.7 ± 6.1. Evaluation of different parameters as IMT, ABI, CBC, iron homeostasis, hsCRP and haptoglobin phenotype was performed. RESULTS Elevated serum hepcidin concentrations were found in patients with atherosclerotic a. carotis evidences (99.1 ± 8.1 μg/ L) compared to healthy volunteers (19.4 ± 1.9 μg/L), P<0.001. In population with haptoglobin phenotype 2-2 we found strong positive correlation between serum hepcidin concentration and changed IMT and ABI parameters (r=0.874, r=0.899, resp.; P<0.005). In five cases we found haptoglobin phenotype 2-1 which was presented with no serum hepcidin levels and no atherosclerotic IMT and ABI changes. CONCLUSIONS The main reason for acute coronary thrombosis is atherosclerotic plaque rupture. Extra-vascular hemoglobin plays role as start mechanism for inflammation in the plaques. Important contra-active mechanism is played by haptoglobin. Thus, it prevents kidney injury from free hemoglobin. Hepcidin regulates iron homeostasis by its interaction with intracellular iron exporter ferroportin.
Neurodevelopmental outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers; With the increase of the incidence of pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus, the number of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are increasing year by year. IDMs may be associated with poor perinatal outcomes and may have a negative impact on neurodevelopment, but there are relatively few studies on the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs. This article reviews the relevant literature and summarizes the neurodevelopmental outcomes of IDMs from the aspects of sensory and perception, motor, language, intellectual development, neuropsychiatric disorders, neurological examination and drug effect, so as to provide reference for clinical work.
Extracellular vesicles and their role in gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a complex disorder that is defined by glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Pregnancies complicated with GDM have higher rates of maternal and fetal morbidity with short- and long-term consequences, including increased rates of cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes for both the mother and offspring. The pathophysiology of GDM still remains unclear and there has been interest in the role of small extracellular vesicles (sEVs) in the maternal metabolic adaptations that occur in pregnancy and GDM. Small EVs are nanosized particles that contain bioactive content, including miRNAs and proteins, which are released by cells to provide cell-to-cell communication. Pregnancy induces an increase in total and placental-secreted sEVs across gestation, with a further increase in sEV number and changes in the protein and miRNA composition of these sEVs in GDM. Research has suggested that these sEVs have an impact on maternal adaptations during pregnancy, including targeting the pancreas, skeletal muscle and adipose tissue. Consequently, this review will focus on the differences in total and placental sEVs in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, the role of sEVs in the pathophysiology of GDM and their clinical application as potential GDM biomarkers.
Preeclampsia across pregnancies and associated risk factors: Findings from a high-risk US birth Cohort; BACKGROUND: Preeclampsia increases women’s risks for maternal morbidity and future cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to identify opportunities for prevention by examining the association between cardiometabolic risk factors and preeclampsia across 2 pregnancies among women in a high-risk US birth cohort. METHODS AND RESULTS: Our sample included 618 women in the Boston Birth Cohort with index and subsequent pregnancy data collected using standard protocols. We conducted log-binomial univariate regression models to examine the association between preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy (defined as incident or recurrent preeclampsia) and cardiometabolic risk factors (ie, obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) diagnosed before and during the index pregnancy, and between index and subsequent pregnancies. At the subsequent pregnancy, 7% (36/540) had incident preeclampsia and 42% (33/78) had recurrent preeclampsia. Compared with women without obesity, women with obesity had greater risk of incident preeclampsia (unadjusted risk ratio [RR], 2.2 [95% CI, 1.1-4.5]) and recurrent preeclampsia (unadjusted RR, 3.1 [95% CI, 1.5-6.7]). Preindex pregnancy chronic hypertension and diabetes mellitus were associated with incident, but not recurrent, preeclampsia (hypertension unadjusted RR, 7.9 [95% CI, 4.1-15.3]; diabetes mellitus unadjusted RR, 5.2 [95% CI, 2.5-11.1]. Women with new interpregnancy hypertension versus those without had a higher risk of incident and recurrent preeclampsia (incident preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 6.1 [95% CI, 2.9-13]); recurrent preeclampsia unadjusted RR, 2.4 [95% CI, 1.5-3.9]). CONCLUSIONS: In this diverse sample of high-risk US women, we identified modifiable and treatable risk factors, including obesity and hypertension for the prevention of preeclampsia.
Assessment of a short-course yoga practice on cardiometabolic risks, fetomaternal outcomes and psychophysical health in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction and Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is defined as diabetes diagnosed in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy, has emerged as a global public health concern. It has been associated with short-term and long-term adverse health outcomes for both mothers and their new-borns. Women with GDM are known to have decreased quality of life and increased risks of caesarean section, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and type 2 diabetes. In babies, GDM has been found to be associated with macrosomia or larger than normal gestational-aged infants, neonatal hypoglycemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Though yoga is known to improve the quality of life of diabetic patients, its role in the management of GDM has not been adequately assessed. Therefore, the present study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of Yoga on cardiometabolic parameters, psychophysical health and maternal and fetal outcomes in GDM patients at JIPMER hospital, Puducherry. Methods: Fifteen pregnant women diagnosed to have GDM, admitted to Obstetrics Ward of JIPMER Hospital were recruited for the study. The intervention package of a thirty minutes Yoga module consisting of Sukshma Vyayama (2 min), Tadasana (1 min), Utthitapadasana (1 min), Savasana in the left lateral posture (3 min), Nadisodhana or Anuloma-viloma pranayama (5 min), Chandranadi pranayama (5 min), Sheetali pranayama (5 min) and Bhramari pranayama (5 min) and Relaxation (3 min) was administered along with hospital routine treatment for 10 days during 35th/36th week (depending on the gestational week of admission to hospital), or until delivery. Cardiometabolic parameters including heart rate (HR), blood pressure (BP), rate pressure product (RPP) and glycemic status assessed by random blood sugar (RBS) were investigated. JIPMER hospital tool for the maternal and fetal outcome variables were used to assess the feto-maternal parameters. Perceived Stress Score (PSS) and Quality of Life Score (QoL) were used to assess the psychophysical health of the GDM patients. All the parameters were assessed before and after yoga intervention. Paired t test was used for statistical analysis of data. P value of <0.05 were considered to indicate significant statistical difference. Results: Statistically significant decrease in HR, BP, RPP, RBS, PSS, and increase in QoL, and improvement of fetomaternal outcomes (based on the normative data available in the department) were observed in GDM patients after yoga intervention for a period of seven to ten days during their hospital stay. Conclusion: A short-course yoga practice for 7-10 days is adequate to reduce cardiometabolic risks, psychological stress, and improve quality of life and feto-maternal outcomes in GDM patients. Antenatal mother with GDM can use yoga as an adjunct therapy in the later part of pregnancy to prevent or reduce the complications and to improve the maternal and fetal outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus.
Circadian Clock-Controlled Checkpoints in the Pathogenesis of Complex Disease; The circadian clock coordinates physiology, metabolism, and behavior with the 24-h cycles of environmental light. Fundamental mechanisms of how the circadian clock regulates organ physiology and metabolism have been elucidated at a rapid speed in the past two decades. Here we review circadian networks in more than six organ systems associated with complex disease, which cluster around metabolic disorders, and seek to propose critical regulatory molecules controlled by the circadian clock (named clock-controlled checkpoints) in the pathogenesis of complex disease. These include clock-controlled checkpoints such as circadian nuclear receptors in liver and muscle tissues, chemokines and adhesion molecules in the vasculature. Although the progress is encouraging, many gaps in the mechanisms remain unaddressed. Future studies should focus on devising time-dependent strategies for drug delivery and engagement in well-characterized organs such as the liver, and elucidating fundamental circadian biology in so far less characterized organ systems, including the heart, blood, peripheral neurons, and reproductive systems.
The 1-Hour Plasma Glucose: Common Link Across the Glycemic Spectrum; Evidence from populations at risk for type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes substantiates the 1-hour plasma glucose as a sensitive alternative marker for identifying high-risk individuals when ß-cell function is relatively more functional. An elevated 1-hour plasma glucose could therefore diagnose dysglycemia and risk for complications across the glycemic spectrum. Reducing the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test to 1-hour would reduce the burden on patients, likely reduce costs, and enhance its accessibility in practice.
Immunological Findings and Clinical Outcomes of Infants With Positive Newborn Screening for Severe Combined Immunodeficiency From a Tertiary Care Center in the U.S.; The implementation of severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) newborn screening has played a pivotal role in identifying these patients early in life as well as detecting various milder forms of T cell lymphopenia (TCL). In this study we reviewed the diagnostic and clinical outcomes, and interesting immunology findings of term infants referred to a tertiary care center with abnormal newborn SCID screens over a 6-year period. Key findings included a 33% incidence of non-SCID TCL including infants with novel variants in FOXN1, TBX1, MYSM1, POLD1, and CD3E; 57% positivity rate of newborn SCID screening among infants with DiGeorge syndrome; and earlier diagnosis and improved transplant outcomes for SCID in infants diagnosed after compared to before implementation of routine screening. Our study is unique in terms of the extensive laboratory workup of abnormal SCID screens including lymphocyte subsets, measurement of thymic output (TREC and CD4TE), and lymphocyte proliferation to mitogens in nearly all infants. These data allowed us to observe a stronger positive correlation of the absolute CD3 count with CD4RTE than with TREC copies, and a weak positive correlation between CD4RTE and TREC copies. Finally, we did not observe a correlation between risk of TCL and history of prenatal or perinatal complications or low birth weight. Our study demonstrated SCID newborn screening improves disease outcomes, particularly in typical SCID, and allows early detection and discovery of novel variants of certain TCL-associated genetic conditions.
Cardiomyopathy and cardiac function in fetuses and newborns of diabetic mothers; Objective: To evaluate cardiac function and structural changes in children of diabetic mothers in the fetal and neonatal period using Doppler-echocardiographic data. Method: A prospective, descriptive observational study conducted in a private and tertiary care service for high-risk pregnant women. It included 48 children of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) considered clinically compensated during pregnancy, with a single fetus and absence of malformations. Myocardial thickness, shortening fraction, left ventricular (LVMPI) and right ventricular (RVMPI) myocardial performance index, and mitral and tricuspid valve E/A ratio were evaluated in 96 echocardiographic exams with Doppler. Results: The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 29% vs 6% p = 0.006 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The shortening fraction was 0% vs 6% p = 0.242 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. The myocardial performance index of the right ventricle was 12% vs 54% p ≤ 0.001, and on the left ventricle 27% vs 60% p = 0.001 in the prenatal and postnatal periods respectively. The ratio of mitral valve E/A waves was 6% vs 50% p ≤ 0.001 and the ratio of tricuspid valve E/A waves was 0% vs 27% p ≤ 0.001 in the fetuses and newborns respectively. Conclusion: A decrease in the rate of myocardial hypertrophy and changes in cardiac function parameters were observed in the fetal and neonatal periods.
Clinical characteristics and outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 and comparison with control patients: A systematic review and meta-analysis; In a large-scale study, 128176 non-pregnant patients (228 studies) and 10000 pregnant patients (121 studies) confirmed COVID-19 cases included in this Meta-Analysis. The mean (confidence interval [CI]) of age and gestational age of admission (GA) in pregnant women was 33 (28–37) years old and 36 (34–37) weeks, respectively. Pregnant women show the same manifestations of COVID-19 as non-pregnant adult patients. Fever (pregnant: 75.5%; non-pregnant: 74%) and cough (pregnant: 48.5%; non-pregnant: 53.5%) are the most common symptoms in both groups followed by myalgia (26.5%) and chill (25%) in pregnant and dysgeusia (27%) and fatigue (26.5%) in non-pregnant patients. Pregnant women are less probable to show cough (odds ratio [OR] 0.7; 95% CI 0.67–0.75), fatigue (OR: 0.58; CI: 0.54–0.61), sore throat (OR: 0.66; CI: 0.61–0.7), headache (OR: 0.55; CI: 0.55–0.58) and diarrhea (OR: 0.46; CI: 0.4–0.51) than non-pregnant adult patients. The most common imaging found in pregnant women is ground-glass opacity (57%) and in non-pregnant patients is consolidation (76%). Pregnant women have higher proportion of leukocytosis (27% vs. 14%), thrombocytopenia (18% vs. 12.5%) and have lower proportion of raised C-reactive protein (52% vs. 81%) compared with non-pregnant patients. Leucopenia and lymphopenia are almost the same in both groups. The most common comorbidity in pregnant patients is diabetes (18%) and in non-pregnant patients is hypertension (21%). Case fatality rate (CFR) of non-pregnant hospitalized patients is 6.4% (4.4–8.5), and mortality due to all-cause for pregnant patients is 11.3% (9.6–13.3). Regarding the complications of pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage (54.5% [7–94]), caesarean delivery (48% [42–54]), preterm labor (25% [4–74]) and preterm birth (21% [12–34]) are in turn the most prevalent complications. Comparing the pregnancy outcomes show that caesarean delivery (OR: 3; CI: 2–5), low birth weight (LBW) (OR: 9; CI: 2.4–30) and preterm birth (OR: 2.5; CI: 1.5–3.5) are more probable in pregnant woman with COVID-19 than pregnant women without COVID-19. The most prevalent neonatal complications are neonatal intensive care unit admission (43% [2–96]), fetal distress (30% [12–58]) and LBW (25% [16–37]). The rate of vertical transmission is 5.3% (1.3–16), and the rate of positive SARS-CoV-2 test for neonates born to mothers with COVID-19 is 8% (4–16). Overall, pregnant patients present with the similar clinical characteristics of COVID-19 when compared with the general population, but they may be more asymptomatic. Higher odds of caesarean delivery, LBW and preterm birth among pregnant patients with COVID-19 suggest a possible association between COVID-19 infection and pregnancy complications. Low risk of vertical transmission is present, and SARS-CoV-2 can be detected in all conception products, particularly placenta and breast milk. Interpretations of these results should be done cautiously due to the heterogeneity between studies; however, we believe our findings can guide the prenatal and postnatal considerations for COVID-19 pregnant patients.
Fetal Heart Rate Decelerations in Women with Sleep-Disordered Breathing; Emerging literature has shown that women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) have increased risk for gestational hypertension/preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate deceleration but data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal health. Since decelerations may be associated with adverse outcomes, we sought to determine whether fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with SDB. A cohort study of third trimester pregnant women with a singleton fetus was conducted. Participants underwent a home sleep test with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring. SDB was defined as a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)≥10 events/hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal heart rate decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred < 30 s after a respiratory event. Forty women were included with mean (±SD) age, BMI, and gestational age of 32.0±5.5 years, 37.1±8.0 kg/m2, and 34.6±2.4 weeks respectively. Overall, n=23 (57.5%) women had SDB. Thirty-seven late decelerations were observed in 18 women; of these, 84% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Nine of the 18 women (50%) had SDB. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women of which nine (90%) were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Five of the six women (83%) had an RDI≥10. These initial data suggest that, in this population, the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may influence fetal well-being.
Long and short interpregnancy intervals increase severe maternal morbidity; Background: Severe maternal morbidity is a composite variable that includes adverse maternal outcomes during pregnancy that are associated with maternal mortality. Previous literature has shown that interpregnancy interval is associated with preterm birth, fetal growth restriction, and low birthweight, but the association of interpregnancy interval and composite severe maternal morbidity is not well studied. Objective: We sought to determine the relationship between interpregnancy interval (stratified as <6, 6–11, 12–17, 18–23, 24–59, and ≥60 months) and severe maternal morbidity, which we considered both with and without blood transfusion. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study of multiparous women 15 to 54 years old with singleton, nonanomalous births between 23 and 42 weeks gestation in California (2007–2012). We defined severe maternal morbidity as the composite score of a published list of the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision, diagnoses and procedure codes, provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. We used chi-square tests for categorical variables, and multivariable logistic regression models were used to determine the association of interpregnancy interval (independent variable) with severe maternal morbidity (dependent variable), adjusted for maternal race and ethnicity, age, education, body mass index, insurance, prenatal care, smoking status, and maternal comorbidity index score. Results: Here, 1,669,912 women met the inclusion criteria, and of these women, 14,529 (0.87%) had severe maternal morbidity and 4712 (0.28%) had nontransfusion severe maternal morbidity. Multivariable logistic regression models showed that compared with women with 18 to 23 months interpregnancy interval, women with an interpregnancy interval of <6 months (adjusted odds ratio, 1.23; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.34) and ≥60 months (adjusted odds ratio, 1.11; 95% confidence interval, 1.04–1.19) had significantly higher adjusted odds of severe maternal morbidity. The odds of nontransfusion severe maternal morbidity is higher in women with long interpregnancy intervals (≥60 months) after controlling for the same potential confounders (adjusted odds ratio, 1.17, 95% confidence interval, 1.04–1.31). In addition, we found significantly higher odds of requiring ventilation (adjusted odds ratio, 1.34; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.75) and maternal sepsis (adjusted odds ratio, 2.08; 95% confidence interval, 1.31–3.31) in women with long interpregnancy interval. Conclusion: The risk of severe maternal morbidity was higher in women with short interpregnancy interval (<6 months) and long interpregnancy interval (≥60 months) compared with women with normal interpregnancy interval (18–23 months). The risk of nontransfusion severe maternal morbidity was significantly higher in women with long interpregnancy interval (≥60 months). Interpregnancy interval is a modifiable risk factor, and counseling women to have an adequate gap between pregnancies may be an important strategy to decrease the risk of severe maternal morbidity.
Management of Ischemic Heart Disease in Pregnancy; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease is an escalating cause of maternal morbidity and mortality. Women are at risk for acute myocardial infarction (MI), and more are living with risk factors for ischemic heart disease (IHD). The purpose of this review is to describe the evaluation and management of women at risk for and diagnosed with IHD in pregnancy. Recent Findings: Pregnancy can provoke MI which has been estimated as occurring in 1.5–10/100, 000 deliveries or 1/12,400 hospitalizations, with a high inpatient mortality rate of approximately 5–7%. An invasive strategy may or may not be preferred, but fetal radiation exposure is less of a concern in comparison to maternal mortality. Common medications used to treat IHD may be continued successfully during pregnancy and lactation, including aspirin, which has an emerging role in pregnancy to prevent preeclampsia, preterm labor, and maternal mortality. Hemodynamics can be modulated during pregnancy, labor, and postpartum to mitigate risk for acute decompensation in women with IHD. Summary: Cardiologists can successfully manage IHD in pregnancy with obstetric partners and should engage women in a lifetime of cardiovascular care.
Development and validation of a prediction model for postpartum hemorrhage at a single safety net tertiary care center; BACKGROUND: Postpartum hemorrhage is a leading cause of pregnancy-related morbidity and mortality; however, there is limited ability to identify women at risk of this obstetrical complication. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to develop and validate a prediction model for postpartum hemorrhage based on antenatal and intrapartum risk factors. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of women who delivered between April 2016 and March 2019 at a single safety net hospital. The prevalence of postpartum hemorrhage, defined as blood loss of ≥1000 mL at the time of delivery, was determined, and characteristics were compared between women with and without postpartum hemorrhage. Women were randomly assigned to a prediction or a validation cohort. The selection of predictors to be included in the model was based on known antenatal and intrapartum risk factors for postpartum hemorrhage. A multivariable logistic regression with a backward stepwise approach was used to create a prediction model. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve and 95% bootstrap confidence intervals were calculated. Using the final model, a single threshold for classifying postpartum hemorrhage was chosen, and the resulting sensitivity, specificity, and false-negative and false-positive rates were explored. RESULTS: The prevalence rates of postpartum hemorrhage in the prediction and validation cohorts were 6.3% (377 of 6000 cases) and 6.4% (241 of 3774 cases), respectively (P=.83). The following predictors were selected for the final model: maternal body mass index (kg/m2), number of fetuses, history of postpartum hemorrhage, admission platelets of <100,000/µL, chorioamnionitis, arrest of descent, placental abruption, and active labor duration. The predictive model had an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.82 (95% confidence interval, 0.81–0.84). When applied to the validation cohort, the model had an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.81 (95% confidence interval, 0.78–0.83), a sensitivity of 86.9%, a specificity of 74.2%, a positive predictive value of 18.6%, a negative predictive value of 98.8%, a false-negative rate of 13.1%, and a false-positive rate of 25.9%. CONCLUSION: The model performed reasonably well in identifying women at risk of postpartum hemorrhage. Further studies are necessary to evaluate the model in clinical practice and its effect on decreasing the prevalence of postpartum hemorrhage and associated maternal morbidity.
Effects of Moderate-Intensity Aerobic Exercise on Blood Glucose Levels and Pregnancy Outcomes in Patients With Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Randomized Controlled Trial; Introduction: To investigate the effects of structured moderate-intensity aerobic exercise on blood glucose, insulin, and pregnancy outcomes in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: One hundred one patients with GDM were randomly divided into a control group (50 cases) and an experimental group (51 cases) in a class 3 first-level general hospital. GDM patients in the control group received a personalized diabetes diet intervention, online education, and routine prenatal care. The experimental group added 6 weeks of moderate-intensity aerobic exercise in addition to the identical conditions given to the control group. The differences of fasting and 2-h postprandial blood glucose, insulin use, and adverse pregnancy outcomes were evaluated between the experimental and control group after intervention. Results: Outcomes were available from 89 participants. Compared with before intervention, there were statistically significant differences in fasting blood glucose and 2-h blood glucose after three meals in both groups (P < 0.05). There were statistically significant differences in the average fasting blood glucose, the average 2-h postprandial blood glucose, the insulin dosage, and the utilization rate between the experimental and control group after the intervention (P < 0.05). Parameters in the experimental group were all lower than in the control group. Compared with the control group, the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes in the experimental group after intervention was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Moderate-intensity aerobic exercise can help improve blood glucose control and insulin use in patients with GDM. In the future, long-term follow-up can be conducted for maternal and neonatal infants to evaluate the impact of exercise intervention on the risk of type 2 diabetes. Clinical Trial Registration: The trial was approved by the registration of the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry. Registration number: ChiCTR1900027929.
Selenium supplementation and oxidative stress: A review; Background: Oxidative stress is defined as an imbalance between the production of oxidants (free radicals or reactive oxygen species) and their eradication by protective mechanisms, such as antioxidants (vitamin C, vitamin E, b-carotene, selenium and methionine). Increased oxidative stress is associated with metabolic risk factors and may contribute to the development of several obesity-related comorbidities, including insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, and atherosclerosis. Methods: The present review aimed to evaluate the effects of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers. We have searched PubMed, Scopus, ISI web of science, Embase and the Cochrane library databases were searched to evaluate the clinical efficacy. Results: We detected 14 studies that evaluated the effect of selenium supplementation on oxidative stress biomarkers n adults. Conclusions: Several studies have shown that Supplementation with selenium significantly reduce Malondialdehyde levels and increase Glutathione and total antioxidant capacity levels.
An audit of 70 maternal deaths; INTRODUCTION. Although women rarely die during pregnancy and childbirth in Denmark, keeping track of the maternal mortality rate and causes of death is vital in identifying learning points for future management of critical illness among obstetric patients and in pinpointing risk factors. METHODS. We identified maternal deaths between 2002 and 2017 by linking four Danish national health registers, using death certificates and reports from hospitals. An audit group then categorised each case by cause of death before identifying any suboptimal care and learning points, which may serve as a foundation for national guidelines and educational strategies. RESULTS. Seventy women died during pregnancy or within six weeks of a pregnancy in the study period. The most frequent causes of death were cardiovascular disease (n = 14), hypertensive disorder (n = 10), suicide (n = 10) and thromboembolism (n = 7). Suboptimal care was identified in 30 of the 70 cases. CONCLUSIONS. Mortality from some of the most important causes of death decreased during the study period. No deaths from preeclampsia or thrombosis, two of the leading causes of death, were identified after 2011. In 2015-2017, suicide was the main cause of maternal death, which indicates that a stronger focus on vulnerability in pregnancy and childbirth is essential. Among the 70 deaths, 34% were potentially avoidable, indicating that it is essential continuously to focus on how to reduce severe maternal morbidity and mortality.
Studies to improve perinatal health through diet and lifestyle among south asian women living in canada: A brief history and future research directions; South Asians (i.e., people who originate from India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Nepal, and Bang-ladesh) have higher cardiovascular disease rates than other populations, and these differences per-sist in their offspring. Nutrition is a critical lifestyle‐related factor that influences fetal development, and infant and child health in early life. In high‐income countries such as Canada, nutrition‐related health risks arise primarily from overnutrition, most strikingly for obesity and associated non‐com-municable diseases. Evidence for developmental programming during fetal life underscores the critical influence of maternal diet on fetal growth and development, backed by several birth cohort studies including the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, the South Asian Birth Cohort Study, and the Born in Bradford Study. Gestational diabetes mellitus is a strong risk factor for type 2 diabetes, future atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in the mother and increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in her offspring. Non‐pharmacological trials to prevent gestational diabetes are few, often not randomized, and are heterogeneous with respect to design, and outcomes have not converged upon a single optimal prevention strategy. The aim of this review is to provide an understanding of the current knowledge around perinatal nutrition and gestational diabetes among the high‐risk South Asian population as well as summarize our research activities investigating the role of cul-turally‐tailored nutrition advice to South Asian women living in high‐income settings such as Can-ada. In this paper, we describe these qualitative and quantitative studies, both completed and un-derway. We conclude with a description of the design of a randomized trial of a culturally tailored personalized nutrition intervention to reduce gestational glycaemia in South Asian women living in Canada and its implications.
Endometrial susd2+ mesenchymal stem/stromal cells in tissue engineering: Advances in novel cellular constructs for pelvic organ prolapse; Cellular therapy is an emerging field in clinical and personalised medicine. Many adult mesenchymal stem/progenitor cells (MSC) or pluripotent derivatives are being assessed simultaneously in preclinical trials for their potential treatment applications in chronic and degenerative human diseases. Endometrial mesenchymal stem/progenitor cells (eMSC) have been identified as clonogenic cells that exist in unique perivascular niches within the uterine endometrium. Compared with MSC isolated from other tissue sources, such as bone marrow and adipose tissue, eMSC can be extracted through less invasive methods of tissue sampling, and they exhibit improvements in potency, proliferative capacity, and control of culture-induced differentiation. In this review, we summarize the potential cell therapy and tissue engineering applications of eMSC in pelvic organ prolapse (POP), emphasising their ability to exert angiogenic and strong immunomodulatory responses that improve tissue integration of novel surgical constructs for POP and promote vaginal tissue healing.
Ovarian torsion secondary to serous cystadenoma in a patient with MOMO syndrome; MOMO syndrome is a very rare disorder that consists of macrosomia, obesity, macrocephaly, and ocular abnormalities. Very little is known about the implications of this syndrome as only 10 cases have been previously reported in the literature. Previous publications have observed multiple associations with this syndrome, such as intellectual disability, delayed bone age, and skeletal abnormalities. We report the first case of a patient with MOMO syndrome who presented with ovarian torsion from a large serous cystadenoma of the right ovary.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac functions in the setting of maternal diabetes: Application of the global spherical index, global strain and fractional area change by the speckle tracking technique; Objective: To evaluate ventricular contractility and profile heart deformations in fetuses of hyperglycemic mothers using the Speckle tracking imaging (STI). The fractional area change (FAC), global longitudinal strain (GLS) and global sphericity index (GSI) of the 4-chamber view (4-CV) were computed. Study Design: Dynamic 4-CV images of 60 fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) and 60 controls were retrospectively collected between 19 and 37 weeks of gestation. Speckle-tracking analysis was used to compute and compare GSI, GLS and FAC of the right ventricle (RV) and the left ventricle (LV) between the groups. By definition, GSI was the ratio of the epicardial basal–apical length in end-diastole (BAL) to the overall transverse length of RV and LV in end-diastole (TL). The FAC was calculated by dividing the difference between end-diastolic area and end-systolic area by the end-diastolic area. Similarly, the GLS of the RV and LV was obtained by dividing the difference between the endocardial length in end-systole and endocardial length in end-diastole to the endocardial length in end-diastole. Data for conventional echocardiographic parameters, standard biological measurements of fetus and maternal baseline characteristics were also recorded and compared between the groups. Linear regression analysis was performed to assess the association between age, BMI and the inter-ventricular septum thickness (IVST). Results: Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.74). In fetuses exposed to MD, the thickness of the IVS was higher while the FAC of RV, GLS of RV and the GSI were all significantly lower. The FAC and global strain of LV generally decreased with progress in gestation but the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. Conventional echocardiography in fetuses exposed to MD revealed a lower mitral E/A ratio and a larger myocardial performance index (MPI) of the RV and LV. Although the annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and septal annular plane systolic excursion (SAPSE) were also lower in this group, the difference was not statistically significant compared to fetuses of the control group. No regression relationship between age, BMI and IVST were noticed in any group. Conclusion: This study found that diastolic dysfunction among fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers is accompanied by global cardiac deformation and functional decrease of the RV in systole in the second and third trimester. The GSI, global strain and FAC acquired by SRI can be used as convenient and reliable quantitative parameters in the assessment of cardiac function in fetuses exposed to gestational diabetes.
Placental pathologic features in thyroid autoimmunity; Introduction: Data on placental pathologic features associated with thyreoperoxidase antibodies (TPO Ab) and/or hypothyroidism are limited. The objective of the study was to analyze placental pathologic features of women with TPO Ab positivity. Methods: Prospective case-control observational study of pregnancy outcome among women screened for TPO Ab positivity and/or isolated hypothyroidism (TSH>4mU/L) during the first trimester of pregnancy. Placenta pathologic findings were recorded according to standard classification. Results: The overall rates of TPO Ab positivity and isolated hypothyroidism with negative TPO Ab were 9.6% (86/899) and 2.7% (24/899), respectively. Among TPO Ab positive cases, 77.9% (67/86) and 22.1% (19/86) had TSH ≥2.5mU/L or <2.5mU/L, respectively. Compared to controls, mean first and second trimester uterine artery Doppler pulsatility indices (PI) were higher, placental volume and area were lower among cases with TSH≥2.5mU/L. The rates of fetal growth restriction (FGR)/small for gestational age (SGA) (20/67 versus 8/110, Adjusted Odds Ratio (AdjOR) = 10.8,95%CI = 2.7–44), placental pathological features suggesting decidual vasculopathy (37/67 versus 27/110, AdjOR = 2.7,95%CI = 1.1–6.8) or severe maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) (22/67 versus 9/110, AdjOR = 5.8,95%CI = 1.6–20.1) were higher among cases with TSH ≥2.5mU/L than in controls. Similar results were obtained comparing overall TPO Ab positive subjects to controls. The increased risk of defective placentation and FGR associated with TPO Ab was independent of simultaneous presence of antinuclear antibodies (ANA) and TSH concentration. Discussion: First trimester TPO Ab positivity was associated with increased rates of abnormal uterine artery Doppler PI and placental features of MVM. This association was independent of TSH concentration and presence of ANA.
COVID-19 vaccine acceptance among pregnant, breastfeeding, and nonpregnant reproductive-aged women; BACKGROUND: Although mass vaccination against COVID-19 may prove to be the most efficacious end to this deadly pandemic, there remain concern and indecision among the public toward vaccination. Because pregnant and reproductive-aged women account for a large proportion of the population with particular concerns regarding vaccination against COVID-19, this survey aimed at investigating their current attitudes and beliefs within our own institution. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to understand vaccine acceptability among pregnant, nonpregnant, and breastfeeding respondents and elucidate factors associated with COVID-19 vaccine acceptance. STUDY DESIGN: We administered an anonymous online survey to all women (including patients, providers, and staff) at our institution assessing rates of acceptance of COVID-19 vaccination. Respondents were contacted in 1 of 3 ways: by email, advertisement flyers, and distribution of quick response codes at virtual town halls regarding the COVID-19 vaccine. Based on their responses, respondents were divided into 3 mutually exclusive groups: (1) nonpregnant respondents, (2) pregnant respondents, and (3) breastfeeding respondents. The primary outcome was acceptance of vaccination. Prevalence ratios were calculated to ascertain the independent effects of multiple patient-level factors on vaccine acceptability. RESULTS: The survey was administered from January 7, 2021, to January 29, 2021, with 1012 respondents of whom 466 (46.9%) identified as non-Hispanic White, 108 (10.9%) as non-Hispanic Black, 286 (28.8%) as Hispanic, and 82 (8.2%) as non-Hispanic Asian. The median age was 36 years (interquartile range, 25–47 years). Of all the respondents, 656 respondents (64.8%) were nonpregnant, 216 (21.3%) were pregnant, and 122 (12.1%) were breastfeeding. There was no difference in chronic comorbidities when evaluated as a composite variable (Table 1). A total of 390 respondents (39.2%) reported working in healthcare. Nonpregnant respondents were most likely to accept vaccination (457 respondents, 76.2%; P<.001) with breastfeeding respondents the second most likely (55.2%). Pregnant respondents had the lowest rate of vaccine acceptance (44.3%; P<.001). Prevalence ratios revealed all non-White races except for non-Hispanic Asian respondents, and Spanish-speaking respondents were less likely to accept vaccination (Table 3). Working in healthcare was not found to be associated with vaccine acceptance among our cohort. CONCLUSION: In this survey study of only women at a single institution, pregnant respondents of non-White or non-Asian races were more likely to decline vaccination than nonpregnant and breastfeeding respondents. Working in healthcare was not associated with vaccine acceptance.
Prevalence of low antithrombin levels in preeclamptic women and perinatal outcome; Objective. The aim of this study is to evaluate the prevalence of low antithrombin levels in our population in order to assess an intervention trial feasibility. Methods. This is a retrospective study. A database was created by using queries to find out medical records of patients requiring hospitalization for preeclampsia or gestational hypertension or superimposed preeclampsia to chronic hypertension at Modena University Hospital between June 2015 and July 2019. Results. We screened 11845 deliveries. Overall, 221 (1.9%) cases of preeclampsia were identified. Antithrombin level was available for 201 women, thus included in the analysis. Median antithrombin value was 87% (IQ range: 77-98). The prevalence of low antithrombin levels was 9%. Antithrombin < 80% was found in 21% of the subjects. The remnant showed normal values. Median antithrombin was significantly lower in severe respect with mild preeclampsia (83% ± 14 vs 89% ± 14, p = 0.003). The rate of small for gestational age was significantly higher in low antithrombin levels group (44.4% vs 22.4%, p = 0.042). Considering mean values, antithrombin levels were also significantly lower in case of small for gestational age (84% ± 14 vs 89% ± 14; p = 0.040). Conclusions. In our population, low antithrombin levels (1 in 10 patients) were associated with severity of preeclampsia, namely with small for gestational age babies. Data suggest this subpopulation as a better target for trials assessing the efficacy of antithrombin supplementation.
Covid-19 infection in pregnancy: Pcr cycle thresholds, placental pathology, and perinatal outcomes; (1) This study aimed to evaluate characteristics, perinatal outcomes, and placental pathology of pregnant women with or without SARS-CoV-2 infection in the context of maternal PCR cycle threshold (CT) values. (2) This was a retrospective case-control study in a third-level health center in Mexico City with universal screening by RT-qPCR. The association of COVID-19 manifestations, preeclampsia, and preterm birth with maternal variables and CT values were assessed by logistic regression models and decision trees. (3) Accordingly, 828 and 298 women had a negative and positive test, respectively. Of those positive, only 2.6% of them presented mild to moderate symptoms. Clinical characteristics between both groups of women were similar. No associations between CT values were found for maternal features, such as pre-gestational BMI, age, and symptomatology. A significantly higher percentage of placental fibrinoid was seen with women with low CTs (<25; p < 0.01). Regarding perinatal outcomes, preeclampsia was found to be significantly associated with symptomatology but not with risk factors or CT values (p < 0.01, aOR = 14.72). Moreover, 88.9% of women diagnosed with COVID-19 at <35 gestational weeks and symptomatic developed preeclampsia. (4) The data support strong guidance for pregnancies with SARS-CoV-2 infection, in particular preeclampsia and placental pathology, which need further investigation.
Preterm births in China between 2012 and 2018: an observational study of more than 9 million women; Background: Preterm birth rates have increased significantly worldwide over the past decade. Few epidemiological studies on the incidence of preterm birth and temporal trends are available in China. This study used national monitoring data from China's National Maternal Near Miss Surveillance System (NMNMSS) to estimate the rate of preterm birth and trends between 2012 and 2018 in China and to assess risk factors associated with preterm birth. Methods: In this observational study, data were sourced from the NMNMSS between Jan 1, 2012, and Dec 31, 2018. Pregnancies with at least one livebirth, with the baby born at 28 weeks of gestation or more or 1000 g or more birthweight were included. We estimated the rates of overall preterm, very preterm (born between 28 and 31 weeks’ gestation), moderate preterm (born between 32 and 33 weeks’ gestation), and late preterm (born between 34 and 36 weeks’ gestation) births in singleton and multiple pregnancies and assessed their trends over time. We used logistic regression analysis to examine the associations between preterm birth and sociodemographic characteristics and obstetric complications, considering the sampling strategy and clustering of births within hospitals. Interrupted time series analysis was used to assess the changes in preterm birth rates during the period of the universal two child policy intervention. Findings: From Jan 1, 2012, to Dec 31, 2018, 9 645 646 women gave birth to at least one live baby, of whom 665 244 (6·1%) were born preterm. In all pregnancies, the overall preterm birth rate increased from 5·9% in 2012 to 6·4% in 2018 (8·8% increase; annual rate of increase [ARI] 1·3 [95% CI 0·6 to 2·1]). Late preterm births (8·8%; ARI 1·5% [0·9 to 2·2]) and very preterm births (13·3%; ARI 1·8% [0·5 to 3·0]) significantly increased from 2012 to 2018, whereas moderate preterm births did not (3·8%; ARI 0·3% [95% CI –0·9 to 1·5]). In singleton pregnancies, the overall preterm birth rate showed a small but significant 6·4% increase (ARI 1·0% [0·4 to 1·7]) over the 7 year period. In multiple pregnancies, the overall preterm birth rate significantly increased from 46·8% in 2012 to 52·7% in 2018 (12·4% increase; ARI 1·9% [1·2 to 2·6]). Compared with women who gave birth in 2012, those who gave birth in 2018 were more likely to be older (aged ≥35 years; 7·4% in 2012 vs 15·9% in 2018), have multiples (1·6% vs 1·9%), have seven or more antenatal visits (50·2% vs 70·7%), and have antepartum complications and medical disease (17·9% vs 35·1%), but they were less likely to deliver via caesarean section (47·5% vs 45·0%). Compared with the baseline period (January, 2012 to June, 2016), a higher increase in preterm birth was observed after the universal two child policy came into effect in July, 2016 (β=0·034; p=0·03). Interpretation: An increase in preterm births was noted for both singleton and multiple pregnancies between 2012 and 2018 in China. China's strategic investment in maternal and neonatal health has been crucial for the prevention of preterm birth. Due to rapid changes in sociodemographic and obstetric factors related to preterm birth—particularly within the context of the universal two child policy—such as advanced maternal age at delivery, maternal complications, and multiple pregnancies, greater efforts to reduce the burden of preterm birth are urgently needed. Funding: National Key R&D Program of China, National Health Commission of the People's Republic of China, China Medical Board, WHO, and UNICEF.
A risk prediction model of gestational diabetes mellitus before 16 gestational weeks in Chinese pregnant women; Aims: To develop a GDM risk stratification model in Chinese pregnant women using machine learning algorithm, for judgment of the risk of GDM before 16 gestation weeks. Methods: A retrospective study of 17005 pregnant women with 1965 women developed GDM. Maternal clinical routine examination indicators, disease history and other clinical characteristics of pregnant women were obtained before 16 gestation weeks. Maternal clinical parameters were analyzed, selected and divided into 6 groups. The prediction models were constructed using LR (logistic regression) and RF (random forest), and were evaluated using areas under the receiver-operating characteristic curve (AUC). The cut-off value of the predicted probability of GDM was calculated by interquartile range. The performance of models was internal validated. Results: We developed a GDM risk stratification prediction model in Chinese pregnant women before 16 gestation weeks, with the AUC 0.746 and 15 parameters included. The model presented reliable ability to predictively stratify GDM risk of population. And the ≥ 7.77% predicted risk cut-off showed a strong ability to rule out GDM in women who predicted negative before 16 gestational weeks. Conclusions: Our study provide a simple and effective screening method for clinical GDM risk stratification in Chinese pregnant women before 16 gestation weeks.
Extracellular vesicles in premature aging and diseases in adulthood due to developmental exposures; The developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) is a paradigm that links prenatal and early life exposures that occur during crucial periods of development to health outcome and risk of disease later in life. Maternal exposures to stress, some psychoactive drugs and alcohol, and environmental chemicals, among others, may result in functional changes in developing fetal tissues, creating a predisposition for disease in the individual as they age. Extracellular vesicles (EVs) may be mediators of both the immediate effects of exposure during development and early childhood as well as the long-term consequences of exposure that lead to increased risk and disease severity later in life. Given the prevalence of diseases with developmental origins, such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, osteoporosis, metabolic dysfunction, and cancer, it is important to identify persistent mediators of disease risk. In this review, we take this approach, viewing diseases typically associated with aging in light of early life exposures and discuss the potential role of EVs as mediators of lasting consequences.
Sudden infant death syndrome: Melatonin, serotonin, and CD34 factor as possible diagnostic markers and prophylactic targets; Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) is one of the primary causes of death of infants in the first year of life. According to the WHO’s data, the global infant mortality rate is 0.64–2 per 1,000 live-born children. Molecular and cellular aspects of SIDS development have not been identified so far. The purpose of this paper is to verify and analyze the expression of melatonin 1 and 2 receptors, serotonin (as a melatonin precursor), and CD34 molecules (as hematopoietic and endothelial markers of cardiovascular damage) in the medulla, heart, and aorta in infants who died from SIDS. An immunohistochemical method was used to investigate samples of medulla, heart, and aorta tissues of infants 3 to 9 months of age who died from SIDS. The control group included children who died from accidents. It has been shown that the expression of melatonin receptors as well as serotonin and CD34 angiogenesis markers in tissues of the medulla, heart, and aorta of infants who died from SIDS is statistically lower as compared with their expression in the same tissues in children who died from accidents. The obtained data help to clarify in detail the role of melatonin and such signaling molecules as serotonin and CD34 in SIDS pathogenesis, which can open new prospects for devising novel methods for predictive diagnosis of development and targeted prophylaxis of SIDS.
EARLY PREGNANCY OUTCOMES AFTER IVF AND SLEEP DISORDERED BREATHING; Objective: While sleep disordered breath (SDB) is associated with multiple medical comorbidities and adverse late stage pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, there is little understanding of its impact on early pregnancy outcomes after IVF. Materials and Methods: Patients between 18 to 45 years old undergoing autologous IVF and anticipating an embryo transfer were eligible for participation in this single-arm prospective observational study. Women with current treatment of obstructive sleep apnea were excluded. Demographics, medical history, and sleep surveys including the STOP-BANG Questionnaire, Epworth Sleepiness Survey, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and the Insomnia Severity Index were collected. Participants completed a single night of home sleep monitoring prior to IVF with a novel sensor system composed of two wireless patches located at the suprasternal notch and the index finger (ANNE Sleep, Sibel Health), which collected continuous measurements of heart rate, respiratory rate, peripheral arterial tonometry, temperature, blood pressure, and pulse oxygenation. Sleep nights were reviewed for SDB determined by an apnea hypopnea index (AHI), defined as the average number of apneic events per hour based on American Academy of Sleep Medicine scoring guidelines. IVF cycle and early pregnancy outcomes were followed to at least 12 weeks. The primary exposure was SDB (AHI 5 events/hr) and the primary outcome was rate of clinical pregnancy (defined as intrauterine gestational sac with a yolk sac) after IVF. Continuous variables were compared using Student’s t-test or Mann–Whitney U test based on normality, while χ2 or Fisher’s exact tests were used to compare categorical variables by SDB exposure. Logistic regression assessed predictors of clinical pregnancy after adjusting for confounders. Results: A total of 30 subjects were recruited from an academic fertility center. The overall rate of SDB was 58%. Participants with SDB had a mean AHI of 13.4 compared to 2.7 events/hr (p<0.01), were younger, and more likely to have ovulatory dysfunction. There were otherwise no significant differences in body mass index (BMI), parity, IVF cycle stimulation parameters, embryological yield, or sleep survey results. Clinical pregnancy occurred in only 38% of women with SDB vs 64% in those without (p=0.18). After adjusting for age, BMI, and ovulatory dysfunction, SDB was an independent risk factor for reduced clinical pregnancy rates (aOR 0.13, 95% CI: 0.02-0.83, p=0.03). Though SDB occurred more frequently among women with ovulatory dysfunction (88% vs 46%, p=0.04), SDB remained a risk factor for unsuccessful pregnancy after IVF, independent of underlying infertility diagnosis. Conclusions: Sleep disordered breathing of any severity is associated with an 87% (95% CI: 0.02-0.83) lower likelihood of clinical pregnancy after IVF. Impact Statement: This preliminary study found a negative relationship between sleep disordered breathing and early pregnancy outcomes of women undergoing IVF. Future work is warranted in a larger cohort and to assess if treatment of SDB improves outcomes.
THE EFFECT OF OBESITY ON PREGNANCY COMPLICATION RISKS IN WOMEN WITH POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME; Objective: PCOS is known to raise the risk of pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) as compared to controls. These increased risks are likely related to the intrinsic insulin resistance in PCOS, and the magnitude of insulin resistance is primarily related to obesity. Lean women with PCOS are minimally at risk for cardiovascular disease due to the mild nature of their insulin resistance. Therefore, we have studied the risk of pregnancy complication in women with PCOS and BMI≥30 kg/m2 as compared to women with PCOS and BMI<30 using a national database. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2004 to 2014, inclusive. Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, women with PCOS who had a BMI≥30 kg/m2 were compared to women with BMI<30 kg/m2 regarding pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes, while controlling for confounding effects. There were over 9 million unique pregnancies in the database, 14855 of whom had PCOS. 3286 had a BMI≥30 kg/m2 and 11569 had a BMI<30kg/m2. Per the Tri-Council Policy statement (2018), IRB approval was not required, given data was anonymous and publicly available. Results: Obese women with PCOS were more likely covered by Medicaid, more commonly Black or Hispanic and not Asian, with lower household incomes, were older, used illicit drugs, had chronic hypertension, smoked, had pre-gestational diabetes (P<0.001 in all cases) and less often used IVF (P<0.05). Rates of thyroid disease did not differ (p=0.42). When controlling for rates of these statistically different factors, women with PCOS and BMI>30 were at increased risk for: HDP (aOR: 1.89, 95%CI: 1.59-2.25), gestational hypertension (aOR: 1.56, 95%CI:1.22-1.98), preeclampsia (aOR:2.17, 95%CI:1.78-2.80), GDM (aOR: 1.75, 95%CI:1.47-2.47), chorioamnionitis (aOR: 1.55, 95%CI:1.07-2.24, p=0.02) & caesarean section (aOR: 1.41, 95%CI:1.21-1.65), Risks were decreased for: placenta previa (aOR: 0.38, 95%CI:0.15-0.999) & spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR: 0.75, 95%CI:0.64-0.88). (p<0.0001 in all cases above, unless noted). Rates of eclampsia, super imposed preeclampsia, PPROM, abruption, operative vaginal delivery, post partum haemorrhage, wound complications, blood transfusion, maternal infection, thromboembolic phenomena, small for gestational age infants, intra uterine fetal demise and congenital anomalies did not differ between groups. Conclusions: Obesity in PCOS is primarily associated with increased risk of HDP, GDM and operative deliveries when compared to women with PCOS and BMI<30 kg/m2. Impact Statement: The insulin resistance of obesity combined with that of PCOS further augment the risks of pregnancy complications traditionally associated with defects in insulin mediated glucose uptake, but not other complications. References: Mills G, Badeghiesh A, Suarthana E, Baghlaf H, Dahan MH. Hum Reprod. 2020;35(8):1914-1921 Mills G, Badeghiesh A, Suarthana E, Baghlaf H, Dahan MH. Hum Reprod. 2020;35(7):1666-1674. Dahan MH, Reaven G.Endocrine. 2019;64(3):685-689
LAPAROSCOPICALLY-CONFIRMED ENDOMETRIOSIS AND RISK OF INCIDENT STROKE: A PROSPECTIVE COHORT STUDY; Objective: Prior research has suggested that women with endometriosis are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, including myocardial infarction and hypertension. However, there has been limited research on endometriosis and risk of stroke, which may have similar underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Therefore, our objective was to prospectively investigate the association between laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis and risk of incident stroke during 28 years of follow-up. Materials and Methods: Participants in the Nurses’ Health Study II were followed from 1989 until 2017 for development of incident stroke. Cox proportional hazard models were used to calculate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), with adjustment for potential confounding variables (alcohol intake, body mass index [BMI] at age 18, current BMI, age at menarche, menstrual cycle pattern in adolescence, current menstrual cycle pattern in adulthood, parity, oral contraceptive use history, smoking history, diet quality, physical activity, race, and income). We estimated the proportion of the total effect mediated by factors that may be on the causal pathway between endometriosis and stroke (history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, gestational diabetes, hysterectomy/oophorectomy, and hormone therapy). We also investigated heterogeneity in the associations by testing for effect modification by age (<50, ≥ 50 years), infertility history, BMI (<25, ≥25 kg/m2), and menopausal status (updated over follow-up). Results: We observed 893 incident cases of stroke during 2,770,129 person-years of follow-up. Women with laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis had a 36% greater risk of stroke in multivariable models adjusted for potential confounding factors (RR:1.36, 95% CI: 1.12-1.66). Of the total association of endometriosis with risk of stroke, the largest proportion was attributed to hormone therapy (16% mediated; 95% CI: 5.1-39.9%) and hysterectomy/oophorectomy (39% mediated; 95% CI: 14.6-70.9%). We observed no differences in this relationship endometriosis and stroke by age, infertility history, BMI, or menopausal status. Conclusions: We observed that women with endometriosis were at greater risk of stroke and this association persisted even after taking into account known risk factors for stroke. Impact Statement: Women with endometriosis may be at increased risk of cardiovascular diseases such as myocardial infarction and hypertension. These results suggest that women with endometriosis may also be at increased risk of stroke. Women and their health care providers should be aware of their endometriosis history, discuss signs and symptoms of cardiovascular disease, carefully consider the cardiovascular effects of hysterectomy/oophorectomy, and meet standards of care for cardiovascular disease screening.
Risk Factors for Failure in First-Time Hearing Screening Tests among High-Risk Neonates in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit; Objective: The aim of the study was to investigate into the risk factors for failure in the first-time screening test among high-risk neonates in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) in order to further clarify the etiology of neonatal hearing impairment, thus providing insights into early prevention and intervention. Methods: We performed automated auditory brainstem response (AABR), distortion product otoacoustic emission (DPOAE), and acoustic immittance (AI) on 2,194 high-risk neonates admitted into the NICU of Shanghai Children's Medical Center from January 2015 to December 2019, and the risk factors, including premature birth, hyperbilirubinemia, and infant respiratory distress syndrome, were analyzed retrospectively by the univariate χ2 test and multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis. Results: The pass rates of AABR, DPOAE, and AI were 70.21, 78.44, and 93.12%, respectively, in 2,194 cases of high-risk neonates screened, which are significantly lower than those of healthy controls. The most common diagnoses included artificial feeding, preterm birth, C-section, low birth weight (LBW), neonatal hyperbilirubinemia (NHB), neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), congenital heart disease (CHD), gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-induced hypertension syndrome, advanced maternal age (AMA), twins, and in vitro fertilization. Stepwise logistic regression analysis indicated that the AABR pass rate was negatively correlated with LBW (p = 0.002), NHB (p < 0.001), NRDS (p = 0.007), artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.018), and CHD (p = 0.005). The pass rate of DPOAE was negatively correlated with artificial or mixed feeding (p = 0.041), NHB (p < 0.001), LBW (p = 0.007), very LBW (VLBW) (p = 0.008), and C-section (p < 0.001). The pass rate of AI was negatively correlated with revised AMA (≥40 year) (p < 0.001), NHB (p = 0.043), C-section (p = 0.005), and artificial/mixed feeding (p = 0.036). Conclusion: The hearing screening pass rates of high-risk neonates in the NICU were lower than those of normal neonates, among which the rate of AABR was significantly lower than that of DPOAE. NRDS, NHB, LBW, revised AMA, CHD, C-section, and artificial feeding are potential risk factors of hearing impairment. The combination of different hearing screening tests is necessary for accurate diagnosis of congenital hearing disorders.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Major risk factors and pregnancy-related outcomes: A cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy endocrine problem that has several confirmed risk factors and is associated with adverse pregnancy-related outcomes (PRO). Objective: To evaluate the relationship between GDM diagnosis and the associated risk factors of PRO (maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal) in accordance with International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Materials and Methods: This prospective cohort study was performed with 531 singleton parturient (265 GDM and 266 non-GDM). They were selected consecutively from referral hospitals, and the maternal, intrapartum, perinatal, and neonatal outcomes were assessed. Results: The major risk factors influencing the GDM diagnosis were maternal age, obesity, family history of diabetes, previous history of GDM, and previous history of macrosomia. In the comparison of PRO between the groups, significant associations were detected for emergency cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, polyhydramnios, premature rupture of membrane, preterm delivery, and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia in the GDM group. In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, a previous history of stillbirth was significantly associated with maternal and perinatal outcomes. The odds ratios (CI 95%) of the PRO in the women with a GDM diagnosis were: maternal = 2.43 (1.51-3.90), intrapartum = 2.05 (1.353.11), perinatal = 2.00 (1.29-3.10), and neonatal = 1.68 (1.08-2.62). The PRO was significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, but not with the risk factors. Conclusion: The adverse pregnancy outcomes were significantly correlated with GDM diagnosis, and the outcomes were not directly affected by the risk factors. Given the related adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring, early screening and management of GDM is necessary especially in Asians and in low-/middle-income countries.
Death of an offspring and parental risk of ischemic heart diseases: A population-based cohort study; Background The death of a child is an extreme life event with potentially long-term health consequences. Knowledge about its association with ischemic heart diseases (IHDs) and acute myocardial infarction (AMI), however, is very limited. We investigated whether the death of an offspring is associated with the risk of IHD and AMI. Methods and findings We studied parents of live-born children recorded in the Danish (1973 to 2016) and the Swedish (1973 to 2014) Medical Birth Registers (n = 6,711,952; mean age at baseline 31 years, 53% women). We retrieved information on exposure, outcomes, and covariates by linking individual-level information from several nationwide registers. We analyzed the abovementioned associations using Poisson regression. A total of 126,522 (1.9%) parents lost at least 1 child during the study period. Bereaved parents had a higher risk of IHD and AMI than the nonbereaved [incidence rate ratios (IRRs) (95% confidence intervals (CIs)): 1.20 (1.18 to 1.23), P < 0.001 and 1.21 (1.17 to 1.25), P < 0.001, respectively]. The association was present not only in case of losses due to CVD or other natural causes, but also in case of unnatural deaths. The AMI risk was highest in the first week after the loss [IRR (95% CI): 3.67 (2.08 to 6.46), P < 0.001], but a 20% to 40% increased risk was observed throughout the whole follow-up period. Study limitations include the possibility of residual confounding by socioeconomic, lifestyle, or health-related factors and the potentially limited generalizability of our findings outside Scandinavia. Conclusions The death of an offspring was associated with an increased risk of IHD and AMI. The finding that the association was present also in case of losses due to unnatural causes, which are less likely to be confounded by cardiovascular risk factors clustering in families, suggests that stress-related mechanisms may also contribute to the observed associations.
To Determine the Frequency of Congenital Heart Disease in Infants of Diabetic Mothers; Aim: To determine the frequency of Congenital Heart Disease in infants of diabetic mother. Methodology: Cross sectional (Descriptive) study conducted in the Department of Pediatrics Special Care Baby Unit (SCBU) Khyber Teaching Hospital Peshawar from 15-04-2015 to 15-10-2015. The sample size was150 patients, using 52.5% incidence of CHD in IDM and 95% confidence interval with 8% margin of error under WHO software Results: This study was carried out on 150 patients at the Department of Pediatrics, Khyber Teaching Hospital Peshawar. CHD was detected in 79 (52.7%) patients while in 71 (47.33%) patients, CHD was not detected. Conclusion: Our study concluded moderate prevalence of Congenital Heart Disease in infants born to diabetic mothers.
Pattern of congenital heart diseases and associated risk factors among children at a Tertiary Care Hospital; Objective: To find out the pattern of CHD and associated risk factors among children presenting at a tertiary care hospital. Study Design: A case-control study. Place and Duration of the Study: The Department of Pediatrics and Department of Cardiology, Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan Hospital, Rawlakot from July 2020 to June 2021. Material and Methods: A total of 207 children of both genders, screened by ECG along with chest x-ray and further confirmed with the diagnosis of CHD through echocardiography were enrolled as cases. Same number of healthy controls (n=207) were recruited from immunization center of the study institution. Among cases, types of CHD were noted. For cases and controls, demographic, antenatal and maternal risk factors including maternal age, gender of the child, history of consanguinity, history of febrile illness in pregnancy, use or multi-vitamin or folic acid in pregnancy, bad obstetrical history and maternal diabetes mellitus were noted. Results: In a total of 414 children (207 cases and 207 controls), there were 219 (53.8%) male. In terms of CHD types among cases, VSD was the most noted in 62 (30.0%), ASD 35 (16.9%), TOF 33 (15.9%) and PDA in 30 (14.5%). Cases were found to have significant association with younger age (78.3% cases below 1 year of age vs. 64.7% in controls, p=0.0085), bad obstetrical history (p=0.0002), history of febrile illness in 1st trimester of pregnancy (p=0.0229) and lack of multivitamins and folic acid in the 1st trimester of pregnancy (p=0.0147). Conclusion: Majority of the children with CHDs were male and aged below 1 year. VSD, ASD, TOF and PDA were the most frequent types of CHD. Younger age, bad obstetrical history, history of febrile illness in 1st trimester of pregnancy and lack of multivitamins and folic acid in the 1st trimester of pregnancy were found to have significant association with CHDs among children.
Antenatal care service utilization of pregnant women attending antenatal care in public hospital during the COVID-19 pandemic period; Objective: To evaluate antenatal care utilization of pregnant women attending care during COVID-19 pandemic. Study Design: Cross sectional study Place and Duration of Study: This study was conducted at the Study was conducted at outpatient department of Gynecology and Obstetrics Sindh Government Hospital, Qasimabad, Hyderabad, from February 2021 to July 2021. Materials and Methods: Three hundred and twenty patients were enrolled in the study. Main variables of study were antenatal visits, education of mother, residential area (rural and urban), and depression during COVID-19 and number of visits. Data analysis was done by using SPSS version 23. Mean and frequency were calculated, test of significance t-test and chi square test were applied. P value ≤0.05 was taken as significance. Results: The mean height of fundus of the patients was 29.21±4.29cm. Majority of the patients 92.2% was longitude lie. Cephalic was the most common presenting part i.e. 82.8%. Fetal movement and fetal heart sound were positive in 87.2% and 89.7%, respectively. The mean antenatal care visits of the patients were 2.63±1.77 times. Most of the patients 74.7% had ≤3 antenatal care visits. 6.9% patients had positive covid-19 while 5.3% went to isolation. Conclusion: Findings of this reveal that COVID-19 pandemic reduced the utilization of antenatal health care facilities among pregnant women. Thus, the residency, age of mother and educational status are main contributing factors involved in use ANC facilities.
Insulin Resistance is Associated with Subclinical Vascular Injury in Patients with a Kidney Disease; Patients with kidney disease have a strikingly high cardiovascular risk in the absence of conventional cardiovascular risk factors, including smoking or elevation of cholesterol associated with low-density lipoprotein. Kidney failure remains independently associated with increased cardiovascular risk in patients with diabetes, underlining the specific adverse influence of kidney disease on cardiovascular risk. Vascular injury develops in asymptomatic patients with kidney failure early in the course of the disease. Defective arterial vasodilation, increased arterial stiffness, increased intima-media thickness, and vascular calcification develop in patients with kidney disease long before clinical evidence of cardiovascular events. Even mildly reduced kidney function is associated with a subclinical vascular disease, which is a predictor of worse cardiovascular outcome in patients with kidney failure, similar to the general population and patients with diabetes. Insulin resistance is a typical feature of kidney disease that occurs during the entire span of the disorder, from mild dysfunction to the dialysis phase. Insulin resistance (or its clinical manifestations, the metabolic syndrome or its components) is independently associated with a subclinical vascular injury in patients with kidney disease. Additionally, the risk of developing incident kidney disease and the rapid decline in kidney function is higher in patients with insulin resistance. Animal protein consumption increases dietary acid load and intensifies insulin resistance. Consistently, meat intake promotes diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and kidney failure, while the consumption of plant-based food is protective against the development of the vascular disease. Insulin resistance is a robust cardiovascular risk factor in the general population, patients with diabetes, and patients with kidney disease.
Caudal Regression Syndrome: A Case Report; Background: Lumbosacral agenesis or caudal regression syndrome (CRS) is a rare congenital malformation represented with symmetrical sacrococcygeal or lumbosacrococcygeal agenesis with a varied incidence between 1 per 25000 live births to 2.5 per 100000 live births. Additionally, manifold abnormalities may be associated with CRS, including spinal cord malformations, cardiac malformations, lipomyelomeningocele, orthopedic deformities, renal agenesis, neurogenic bladder, tethered-cord, sacral agenesis, and anorectal atresia. Case report: We report a case of a male neonate delivered to a 28-year-old diabetic mother at 38 weeks’ gestation diagnosed with CRS. In this case, lumbosacral agenesis, hip dislocation, and club foot deformities along with cardiac abnormalities, including small patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), atrial septal defect (ASD), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) without left ventricular outlet obstruction were seen. Conclusion: Having the 200-fold increased relative risk of developing CRS in infants of diabetic mothers in mind, this case report provides evidence that uncontrolled maternal diabetes might increase the risk of CRS in infants.
Proteinuria and venous thromboembolism in pregnancy: a population-based cohort study; Background. Pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and foetal outcomes. Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state, however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. Methods. We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥16 years of age) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception (n = 306 244; mean age 29.8 years) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin:creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein:creatinine ratio ≥5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24-weeks post-partum. Results. A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals, with a higher risk among women with positive proteinuria [32 events (0.38%)] compared with women without proteinuria [593 events (0.20%); inverse probability-weighted risk ratio 1.79 (95% confidence interval 1.25–2.57)]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high-risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. Conclusions. The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE.
Role of Perimortem C-section in a case of maternal collapse with underlying polycythemia in a district hospital emergency Department: A Case Report; Introduction: Maternal collapse is a rare but life-threatening event with a wide-range of aetiology. The outcome for both mother and fetus, depends on prompt and effective resuscitation. Polycythemia in pregnancy, although rare, is associated with significant mortality and morbidity. This may be due to the pregnant woman undergoing a variety of physiological changes that accelerate the development of hypoxia and acidosis, which makes ventilation more difficult. Objective: We report our experience in managing a case of maternal collapse in the emergency department with perimortem c-section delivery (PMCD). Case Summary: A 42-year-old woman, gravida 5, para 4 at 36 weeks gestation with underlying gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes and polycythemia, was brought in to the emergency department (ED) by ambulance after complaining of epigastric pain with an episode of vomiting following an alleged motor vehicle accident. Upon arrival in ED, patient developed tonic clonic seizures, subsequently noted to have no spontaneous breathing and no palpable pulse. Cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) was commenced and perimortem caesarean section was performed after 4 minutes. She developed ventricular fibrillation and was defibrillated for 3 times which then reverted her to PEA followed by a return of spontaneous circulation (ROSC) after a total 15 minutes of CPR.Postresuscitation, she was supported on IVI Noradrenaline, IVI Dobutamine, IVI Adrenaline and was admitted to ICU for post cardiac arrest care. On day 4 of ICU stay, she was successfully extubated and was discharged from ICU on day 8. Results: There is polycythaemia with splenomegaly. ECG shows sinus tachycardia, Chest x-ray revealed bilateral pleural effusion. CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA) done noted partial filling defect within the distal part of the right pulmonary artery. Conclusion: PMCD had significantly improved fetal and maternal outcome in this case. The patient and her baby was discharged well without any neurological deficit.
Regulatory T Cells and Diabetes Mellitus; Immune system dysfunction causes dysregulation of immune homeostasis, which in turn leads to autoimmune diseases. Regulatory T cells (Tregs) are a specialized T cell subpopulation that maintain peripheral tolerance and immune homeostasis. Diabetic patients are at an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases; thus, in terms of coronary risk, diabetes mellitus (DM) is considered coronary heart disease equivalent. Accumulating evidence indicates that Tregs play an important role in protecting against the development of various cardiovascular diseases. In this review, we provide an overview of the role of Tregs in the pathogenesis of DM, including type 1 DM, type 2 DM, latent autoimmune diabetes of adults, and gestational DM. In addition, we discuss the role of Tregs in diabetic complications, including cardiovascular diseases, nephropathy, neuropathy, and retinopathy. Tregs play a beneficial role in the pathogenesis of DM and diabetic complications, although the precise molecular mechanisms underlying the protective effect of Tregs against DM are still obscure. Collectively, modification of Tregs may provide a promising and novel future strategy for the prevention and therapy of DM and diabetic complications.
LAPAROSCOPICALLY-CONFIRMED ENDOMETRIOSIS AND RISK OF INCIDENT STROKE: A PROSPECTIVE COHORT STUDY; OBJECTIVE: Prior research has suggested that women with endometriosis are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, including myocardial infarction and hypertension. However, there has been limited research on endometriosis and risk of stroke, which may have similar underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Therefore, our objective was to prospectively investigate the association between laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis and risk of incident stroke during 28 years of follow-up. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Participants in the Nurses' Health Study II were followed from 1989 until 2017 for development of incident stroke. Cox proportional hazard models were used to calculate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI), with adjustment for potential confounding variables (alcohol intake, body mass index [BMI] at age 18, current BMI, age at menarche, menstrual cycle pattern in adolescence, current menstrual cycle pattern in adulthood, parity, oral contraceptive use history, smoking history, diet quality, physical activity, race, and income). We estimated the proportion of the total effect mediated by factors that may be on the causal pathway between endometriosis and stroke (history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes, gestational diabetes, hysterectomy/oophorectomy, and hormone therapy).We also investigated heterogeneity in the associations by testing for effect modification by age (<50, R 50 years), infertility history, BMI (<25, R25 kg/m2), and menopausal status (updated over follow-up). RESULTS: We observed 893 incident cases of stroke during 2,770,129 person-years of follow-up. Women with laparoscopically-confirmed endometriosis had a 36% greater risk of stroke in multivariable models adjusted for potential confounding factors (RR:1.36, 95% CI: 1.12-1.66). Of the total association of endometriosis with risk of stroke, the largest proportion was attributed to hormone therapy (16% mediated; 95% CI: 5.1-39.9%) and hysterectomy/ oophorectomy (39% mediated; 95% CI: 14.6-70.9%). We observed no differences in this relationship endometriosis and stroke by age, infertility history, BMI, or menopausal status. CONCLUSIONS: We observed that women with endometriosis were at greater risk of stroke and this association persisted even after taking into account known risk factors for stroke. IMPACT STATEMENT: Women with endometriosis may be at increased risk of cardiovascular diseases such as myocardial infarction and hypertension. These results suggest that women with endometriosis may also be at increased risk of stroke. Women and their health care providers should be aware of their endometriosis history, discuss signs and symptoms of cardiovascular disease, carefully consider the cardiovascular effects of hysterectomy/ oophorectomy, and meet standards of care for cardiovascular disease screening.
EARLY PREGNANCY OUTCOMES AFTER IVF AND SLEEP DISORDERED BREATHING; OBJECTIVE: While sleep disordered breath (SDB) is associated with multiple medical comorbidities and adverse late stage pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, there is little understanding of its impact on early pregnancy outcomes after IVF. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Patients between 18 to 45 years old undergoing autologous IVF and anticipating an embryo transfer were eligible for participation in this single-arm prospective observational study. Women with current treatment of obstructive sleep apnea were excluded. Demographics, medical history, and sleep surveys including the STOP-BANG Questionnaire, Epworth Sleepiness Survey, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, and the Insomnia Severity Index were collected. Participants completed a single night of home sleep monitoring prior to IVF with a novel sensor system composed of two wireless patches located at the suprasternal notch and the index finger (ANNE Sleep, Sibel Health), which collected continuous measurements of heart rate, respiratory rate, peripheral arterial tonometry, temperature, blood pressure, and pulse oxygenation. Sleep nights were reviewed for SDB determined by an apnea hypopnea index (AHI), defined as the average number of apneic events per hour based on American Academy of Sleep Medicine scoring guidelines. IVF cycle and early pregnancy outcomes were followed to at least 12 weeks. The primary exposure was SDB (AHI 5 events/hr) and the primary outcome was rate of clinical pregnancy (defined as intrauterine gestational sac with a yolk sac) after IVF. Continuous variables were compared using Student's t-test or Mann-Whitney U test based on normality, while χ2 or Fisher's exact tests were used to compare categorical variables by SDB exposure. Logistic regression assessed predictors of clinical pregnancy after adjusting for confounders. RESULTS: A total of 30 subjects were recruited from an academic fertility center. The overall rate of SDB was 58%. Participants with SDB had a mean AHI of 13.4 compared to 2.7 events/hr (p<0.01), were younger, and more likely to have ovulatory dysfunction. There were otherwise no significant differences in body mass index (BMI), parity, IVF cycle stimulation parameters, embryological yield, or sleep survey results. Clinical pregnancy occurred in only 38% of women with SDB vs 64% in those without (p=0.18). After adjusting for age, BMI, and ovulatory dysfunction, SDB was an independent risk factor for reduced clinical pregnancy rates (aOR 0.13, 95% CI: 0.02- 0.83, p=0.03). Though SDB occurred more frequently among women with ovulatory dysfunction (88% vs 46%, p=0.04), SDB remained a risk factor for unsuccessful pregnancy after IVF, independent of underlying infertility diagnosis. CONCLUSIONS: Sleep disordered breathing of any severity is associated with an 87% (95% CI: 0.02-0.83) lower likelihood of clinical pregnancy after IVF. IMPACT STATEMENT: This preliminary study found a negative relationship between sleep disordered breathing and early pregnancy outcomes of women undergoing IVF. Future work is warranted in a larger cohort and to assess if treatment of SDB improves outcomes.
THE EFFECT OF OBESITY ON PREGNANCY COMPLICATION RISKS IN WOMEN WITH POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME; OBJECTIVE: PCOS is known to raise the risk of pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) as compared to controls. These increased risks are likely related to the intrinsic insulin resistance in PCOS, and the magnitude of insulin resistance is primarily related to obesity. Lean women with PCOS are minimally at risk for cardiovascular disease due to the mild nature of their insulin resistance. Therefore, we have studied the risk of pregnancy complication in women with PCOS and BMIR30 kg/m2 as compared to women with PCOS and BMI<30 using a national database. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This is a retrospective study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2004 to 2014, inclusive. Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, women with PCOS who had a BMIR30 kg/m2 were compared to women with BMI<30 kg/m2 regarding pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes, while controlling for confounding effects. There were over 9 million unique pregnancies in the database, 14855 of whom had PCOS. 3286 had a BMIR30 kg/m2 and 11569 had a BMI<30kg/m2. Per the Tri-Council Policy statement (2018), IRB approval was not required, given data was anonymous and publicly available. RESULTS: Obese women with PCOS were more likely covered by Medicaid, more commonly Black or Hispanic and not Asian, with lower household incomes, were older, used illicit drugs, had chronic hypertension, smoked, had pre-gestational diabetes (P<0.001 in all cases) and less often used IVF (P<0.05). Rates of thyroid disease did not differ (p=0.42). When controlling for rates of these statistically different factors, women with PCOS and BMI>30 were at increased risk for: HDP (aOR: 1.89, 95%CI: 1.59-2.25), gestational hypertension (aOR: 1.56, 95%CI:1.22-1.98), preeclampsia (aOR:2.17, 95%CI:1.78-2.80), GDM (aOR: 1.75, 95%CI:1.47-2.47), chorioamnionitis (aOR: 1.55, 95% CI:1.07-2.24, p=0.02) & caesarean section (aOR: 1.41, 95%CI:1.21- 1.65), Risks were decreased for: placenta previa (aOR: 0.38, 95% CI:0.15-0.999) & spontaneous vaginal delivery (aOR: 0.75, 95% CI:0.64-0.88). (p<0.0001 in all cases above, unless noted). Rates of eclampsia, super imposed preeclampsia, PPROM, abruption, operative vaginal delivery, post partum haemorrhage, wound complications, blood transfusion, maternal infection, thromboembolic phenomena, small for gestational age infants, intra uterine fetal demise and congenital anomalies did not differ between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Obesity in PCOS is primarily associated with increased risk of HDP, GDM and operative deliveries when compared to women with PCOS and BMI<30 kg/m2. IMPACT STATEMENT: The insulin resistance of obesity combined with that of PCOS further augment the risks of pregnancy complications traditionally associated with defects in insulin mediated glucose uptake, but not other complications.
Hypertension, Dyslipidaemia and Pregnancy Complications in Filipino Women; Background: There is an increasing trend of pregnancy complications in the Philippines. However, these are not well documented due to the lack of a national database. This study describes the prevalence of hypertension and lipid abnormalities among Filipino pregnant women, which result to complications during pregnancy. Methods: Multi-stage stratified random sampling was employed in the National Nutrition Survey and 6,166 pregnant women were included in the study. Demographic data was gathered through an interview questionnaire. Blood samples were drawn to determine fasting blood sugar (FBS), cholesterol, HDL and LDL, and triglycerides levels. Results: One in ten pregnant women (n=661) showed signs of pregnancy complications. High risk pregnancies were identified, ranging from heart disease (2.9%), gestational diabetes (3.2%), asthma (3.51%) and goiter (4.12%). Prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension is 18.26%. Dyslipidemia is high among sample population with a prevalence of 39.54% (n=376). Results showed that patients with hypertension are twice more likely to have pregnancy complications than those with normal BP (OR:1.95, CI 0.47, 6.08). Conclusions: Based on the data, there is a high prevalence of pregnancy complications in the Philippines which is associated with having hypertension and lipid abnormalities. Key messages: Health policies should be made to cater to the early detection of disease in pregnant women and widespread campaign for affordable prenatal check-ups.
Duration of breast-feeding associates with anti-atherogenic lipid profile in women; Background and aims: Few studies investigated favorable effects of lactation on anthropometric and metabolic parameters as well as reduced risk of diabetes and cardio-metabolic disease later in life in women. We investigated the medium-term effects of lactation duration on anthropometric parameters and glucose and lipid metabolism in women with and without history of gestational diabetes mellitus (hGDM) from the ongoing PREG study. Materials and methods: Duration of exclusive and mixed breastfeeding was assessed in 112 women (63 hGDM) retrospectively through questionnaire for index pregnancy. All subjects had a 5-point OGTT with 75 g glucose 417d [IQR 374-715] after delivery. Framingham risk score (FRS) and indices for insulin sensitivity and secretion were calculated from anthropometric data and plasma concentrations of lipids, glucose and insulin, respectively. Body fat distribution and liver fat content was assessed with MRI and MR spectroscopy, respectively. The effect of lactation duration was assessed using linear regression adjusted for BMI, age, follow up time, physical activity and parity. Results: 93.8% of the women reported breastfeeding. The average duration of total lactation was 11 months [7.5-14.5]. A longer lactation period was negatively associated with waist circumference, triglyceride levels, LDL/HDL-Ratio and FRS and positively with HDL (all p≥0.05). Only in hGDM the duration of lactation was associated with lower waist circumference (p=0.049), and a trend for lower subcutaneous adipose tissue (p=0.063) and liver fat (p=0.082) was observed. Lactation duration was negatively associated with liver fat and FRS (both p=0.052) in women with BMI ≥30 kg/m 2 (n=46) at the end of pregnancy. A positive association with insulin sensitivity (p=0.048) and disposition index (p=0.057) was observed only in the high BMI group. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that longer duration of lactation could exert anti-atherogenic effects and may reduce risk of cardiovascular disease. Especially women with higher metabolic risk (GDM, overweight or obesity) could benefit and should be advised to prolonged breastfeeding.
Hyperglycaemic memory: Role of epigenetic signature in the transmission of gestational diabetes-associated inflammatory and pro-oxidant phenotype; Background and aims: Chronic hyperglicemia is one of the most potent drivers of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Gestational diabetes (GD) may represent a suitable clinical model to study mechanisms of oxidative stress and inflammation underlying hyperglycemia-induced vascular damage. GD is associated with a range of adverse perinatal and long-term outcomes for both mother and offspring. In this perspective, epigenetic modifications are emerging as key players for the transmission of GD maternal phenotype to the offspring. Recent studies demonstrated a potential involvement of the methyltransferase MLL1, driving H3K4me3, in inflammatory and pro-oxidant pathways. We aimed to investigate whether histone modifications are upstream to the activation of inflammatory and pro-oxidant pathways, along with the potential transmission of epigenetic signature to the offspring. Materials and methods: We analyzed peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from GD and control mothers at third trimester of pregnancy as well as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) and cord blood mononuclear cells (CBMC) isolated from newborn umbilical cords obtained at delivery from both groups . Gene expression was evaluated by real time-qPCR. Protein levels were quantified by western blot and immunocytochemistry . Measurement of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was performed by electron spin resonance spectroscopy. Histone methyltransferase MLL1-dependent trimethylation of histone 3 at lysine 4 amino residue (H3K4me3) on NF-kB p65 subunit promoter region was assessed by chromatin immunoprecipitation and real-time qPCR. Results: We observed increased gene expression of NF-kB p65 and downstream genes in GD as compared to control cells. For the first time, we demonstrated that MLL1-driven H3K4me3 on NF-kB p65 promoter is upstream to the activation of inflammatory pathway. Indeed, treatment with MLL-1 inhibitor (MM-102) was able to blunt expression of NF-kB p65 as well as VCAM-1, MCP-1 and IL-6 genes. We also found a redox system imbalance in GD cells showed by reduced expression of ROS scavenger aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (ALDH2), and upregulation of pro-oxidant nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NADPH) oxidase subunit NOX4. Interestingly, the increased ROS generation observed in GD leads to the upregulation of MLL1 reverted by the antioxidant effect of vitamin C. Conclusion: Chronic hyperglycemia-induced oxidative stress and histone modifications may contribute to maternal oxidative and inflammatory phenotypes which could be potentially transmitted to the offspring. This allows a better understanding of epigenetic-induced chromatin remodeling opening towards new pharmacological approaches able to prevent the occurrence of an adverse metabolic phenotypes leading to ASCVD.
Pregnancy-related cardiac non-elective hospitalizations and pregnancy outcomes. A tertiary referral cardiac center experience; Background: Pregnant women with cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and their offspring are at higher risk of morbidity and mortality. Aims: To provide data on pregnancy outcomes among women with different types of CVD requiring non-elective cardiac hospitalization in a tertiary referral cardiac center. Methods: We identified all records of non-elective hospitalizations of pregnant women hospitalized between January 2009 through March 2018, at our institution - a tertiary referral cardiac center. The incidence and types of cardiac complications during pregnancy, as well as the pregnancy and offspring outcomes, were determined. Results: One hundred and sixty-one out of 328 pregnancy-related hospitalizations in 140 pregnancies were non-elective. Cardiac complications occurred in 62 (44%) pregnancies, with the most frequent being episodes of arrhythmia (22.1% pregnancies), followed by heart failure exacerbations (6.4% pregnancies). Maternal mortality reached 2.1% and affected only women with primary cardiomyopathies (CMP). Offspring mortality was 2.8%. Newborns of mothers with cardiac complications had significantly lower Apgar scores and gestational age at delivery, compared to mothers without cardiac complications. Conclusions: In our series mortality and morbidity among pregnant women with CVD hospitalizations were high. An unfavorable maternal outcome mainly affected women with CMP. Offspring of mothers with cardiovascular complications are prone to have a lower gestational age and Apgar score.
Gestational diabetes mellitus : what after delivery ?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) occurs in an increasing number of pregnancies. Due to its disappearance after delivery, GDM can be underestimated despite description of many risks for mothers and offsprings later in life. These women are at higher risk for metabolic abnormalities and cardiovascular disease. Overweight/obesity, metabolic disturbances, cardiovascular complications and lower cognitive abilities are more frequent in offsprings. These two populations need an early and adequate prevention of metabolic and cardiovascular disorder from a public health point of view. Lifestyle (healthy diet and exercise) is the best advice to promote in these families. For these women with previous DG, breast-feeding as long as possible and metformin may also be part of the management.
Progresses of prenatal ultrasonography for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes caused by gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has an increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. The incidence rate of macrosomia, chronic intrauterine hypoxia, fetal heart dysfunction and malformation of GDM fetuses were much higher than that of non-diabetic pregnancy. The progresses of prenatal ultrasonography for predicting adverse pregnancy outcomes caused by GDM were reviewed in this article.
Cardiac changes in infants of diabetic mothers; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a systemic chronic metabolic disorder characterized by increased insulin resistance and/or β- cell defects. It affects all ages from the foetal life, neonates, childhood to late adulthood. Gestational diabetes is a critical risk factor for congenital heart diseases (CHDs). Moreover, the risk increases with low maternal education, high body mass index at conception, undiagnosed pregestational diabetes, inadequate antenatal care, improper diabetes control, and maternal smoking during pregnancy. Maternal DM significantly affects the foetal heart and foetal-placental circulation in both structure and function. Cardiac defects, myocardial hypertrophy are three times more prevalent in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Antenatal evaluation of the cardiac function and structures can be performed with foetal electrocardiography and echocardiography. Postnatal cardiac evaluation can be performed with natal and postnatal electrocardiography and echocardiography, detection of early atherosclerotic changes by measuring aortic intima-media thickness, and retinal vascular changes by retinal photography. Ameliorating the effects of diabetes during pregnancy on the offspring depends mainly on pregestational and gestational diabetes prevention. However, other measures to reduce the risk, such as using medications, nutritional supplements, or probiotics, still need more research. This review discusses the mechanism of foetal sequels and the risk factors that increase the prevalence of CHDs in gestational DM, the various cardiac outcomes of gestational DM on the foetus and offspring, cardiac evaluation of foetuses and IDMs, and how to alleviate the consequences of gestational DM on the offspring.
Cardiac Remodeling and Hypertension in HIV-Uninfected Infants Exposed in utero to Antiretroviral Therapy; Background: We aimed to assess the postnatal pattern of cardiovascular remodeling associated with intrauterine exposure to maternal HIV and antiretroviral treatment (ART). Methods: Prospective cohort including 34 HIV-exposed uninfected (HEU) infants and 53 non-HIV-exposed infants were evaluated from fetal life up to 6 months postnatally. A cardiovascular evaluation was performed including echocardiography, blood pressure, and carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) measurement. Results: ART regimens during pregnancy included 2 nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (Abacavir + Lamivudine (32.4%), Emtricitabine + Tenofovir (41.2%), and Zidovudine + Lamivudine (20.6%)). At 6 months of age, HIV-exposed uninfected infants showed thicker myocardial walls (septal wall thickness mean 5.02 mm (SD 0.85) vs 3.98 mm (0.86); P <. 001), relative systolic dysfunction with decreased mitral ring displacement (8.57 mm (2.03) vs 10.34 mm (1.84); P =. 002), and decreased tricuspid S' (9.71 cm/s (1.94) vs 11.54 cm/s (2.07); P =. 003) together with relative diastolic dysfunction showed by prolonged left isovolumic relaxation time (58.57 ms (13.79) vs 47.94 (7.39); P <. 001). Vascular assessment showed significantly higher systolic and diastolic blood pressure (102 mmHg (16.1) vs 80 mmHg (13.9); P <. 001 and 64 mmHg (14.4) vs 55 mmHg (10.2); P =. 045 respectively), with 50% of HIV-exposed children meeting criteria for hypertension vs 3.77% of the non-HIV-exposed group (P <. 001) and thicker mean cIMT in the HIV-exposed group (0.62 μm (0.09) vs 0.51 μm (0.09); P =. 015). Conclusions: Subclinical cardiac impairment together with higher blood pressure and thicker cIMT were observed in HIV-exposed infants at 6 months of age. Half of them presented hypertension. Our findings support a possible increased cardiovascular risk in HIV uninfected infants exposed in utero to ART.
Multidisciplinary management of pregnancy and labour in a patient with glycogen storage disease type 1a; Glycogen storage disease type 1a (GSD 1a) is a metabolic disorder caused by deficiency of an enzyme required for glycogen breakdown, causing hypoglycaemia and lactic acidosis. Metabolic derangements cause disease manifestations affecting the kidneys, liver and platelet function. Physiological changes in pregnancy worsen fasting intolerance and increase reliance on exogenous glucose to avoid lactic acidosis. Fetal macrosomia and declining respiratory function result in high rates of caesarean sections. We report the multidisciplinary team (MDT) management of a 25-year-old woman with GSD 1a in an unplanned pregnancy. Existing percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy tube feeding, alongside high-calorie drinks and intravenous dextrose during labour, managed the risks of hypoglycaemia and lactic acidosis. Metabolic parameters were regularly monitored and fortnightly growth scans were assessed for macrosomia. Allopurinol was continued throughout the pregnancy to reduce the risk of hyperuricaemia. MDT management optimised maternal and fetal care throughout pregnancy and labour, resulting in a successful vaginal delivery.
Berberine elevates cardiolipin in heart of offspring from mouse dams with high fat diet-induced gestational diabetes mellitus; Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid from plants known to improve cardiac mitochondrial function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) offspring but the mechanism is poorly understood. We examined the role of the mitochondrial phospholipid cardiolipin (CL) in mediating this cardiac improvement. C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet for 6 weeks prior to breeding. Lean and GDM-exposed male offspring were randomly assigned a low-fat, high-fat, or high-fat diet containing BBR at weaning for 12 weeks. The content of CL was elevated in the heart of GDM offspring fed a high fat diet containing BBR. The increase in total cardiac CL was due to significant increases in the most abundant and functionally important CL species, tetralinoleoyl-CL and this correlated with an increase in the expression of the CL remodeling enzyme tafazzin. Additionally, BBR treatment increased expression of cardiac enzymes involved in fatty acid uptake and oxidation and electron transport chain subunits in high fat diet fed GDM offspring. Thus, dietary BBR protection from cardiac dysfunction in GDM exposed offspring involves improvement in mitochondrial function mediated through increased synthesis of CL.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in pregnancies with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective: To evaluate fetal ventricular diastolic function in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes (GD), to determine whether minimal anomalies of glucose metabolism may influence fetal cardiac function. Study design: Fetal ventricular filling time was measured by transabdominal ultrasound in singleton pregnancies between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation. We used a measurement which consists in the ratio between the diastolic time and the whole cardiac cycle time. Results: The study included 35 women with a GD and 217 non-diabetic. Right ventricular filling time (RVFT) was significantly lower in the GD group (mean of RVFT = 39.2 ± 4.4 vs 43.6 ± 4.6; p < 0.01). Likewise, left ventricular filling time (LVFT) was shorter in the GD group compared to the non-GD group, though the difference was not significant (mean of LVFT = 43.6 ± 4.6 vs 44.6 ± 5.5; p = 0.33). Conclusions: Fetal right cardiac function is altered also in pregnancies where gestational diabetes is well controlled.
Safety and efficacy of an oral misoprostol standard-dose regimen vs a low-dose regimen for induction of labour in Papua New Guinean women: An open-label randomised controlled trial; Background: Oral misoprostol is widely used for induction of labour (IOL) in developing countries because of its many advantages. However, limited data exist concerning its safety and efficacy when lower doses are used. Aim: To determine the safety and efficacy of a low-dose oral misoprostol regimen (commencing at 12 μg) compared to a standard-dose regimen (commencing at 25 μg) in Papua New Guinea (PNG) women undergoing IOL. Materials and Methods: This was an open-label non-inferiority randomised controlled trial conducted at a provincial hospital in PNG. Women with singleton pregnancies ≥36 weeks with cephalic presentation and a Bishops score of <6, requiring IOL were enrolled. Both regimens were incremented second-hourly to a maximum required dose within 24 h or until commencement of labour. The primary outcome was the proportion of women who delivered within 24 h of drug administration without any severe adverse events. Results: Of the 262 women induced (130 standard-dose vs 132 low-dose), rates of successful induction were high for both regimens (120/130 (92%) vs 118/132 (89%); P = 0.52). Fourteen women (11%) in the standard-dose regimen and 20 (15%) in the low-dose regimen had severe adverse events. There was no significant difference in the safety profile of the two regimens (106/130 (82%) vs 98/132 (74%); P = 0.18). The induction-to-delivery time was significantly shorter in the standard-dose arm (15.2 ± 8.7 h vs 18.0 ± 9.1 h; P = 0.01). Conclusion: The standard-dose regimen for IOL has greater efficacy in reducing induction-to-delivery time compared to the low-dose regimen. There was no significant difference in the number of adverse events between the two regimens.
Diabetes education in pediatrics: How to survive diabetes; Diabetes mellitus is the most common abnormal carbohydrate metabolism disorder affecting millions of people worldwide. It is characterized by hyperglycemia as a result of ß-cell destruction or dysfunction by both genetic and environmental factors. Over time chronic hyperglycemia leads to microvascular (i.e., retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy) and macrovascular (i.e., ischemic heart disease, peripheral vascular disease, and cerebrovascular disease) complications of diabetes. Diabetes complication trials showed the importance of achieving near-normal glycemic control to prevent and/or reduce diabetes-related morbidity and mortality. There is a staggering rate of increased incidence of diabetes in youth, raising concerns for future generations’ health, quality of life and its enormous economic burden. Despite advancements in the technology, diabetes management remains cumbersome. Training individuals with diabetes to gain life-long survival skills requires a comprehensive and ongoing diabetes education by a multidisciplinary team. Diabetes education and training start at the time of diagnosis of diabetes and should be continuous throughout the course of disease. The goal is to empower the individuals and families to gain diabetes self-management skills. Diabetes education must be individualized depending on the individual's age, education, family dynamics, and support. In this article, we review the history of diabetes, etiopathogenesis and clinical presentation of both type 1 and type 2 diabetes in children as well as adolescents. We then focus on diabetes management with education methods and materials.
Sex steroids and adiposity in a prospective observational cohort of youth; Objective: Adiposity, particularly visceral adipose tissue (VAT), predicts adverse cardiovascular risk factor profiles in children as well as adults. Although endogenous sex steroids likely influence VAT in adults, such an association has not been established in youth. The association between childhood and adolescent sex steroids with adiposity, specifically VAT, was examined before and after adjustment for other hormone changes. Methods: These analyses examined longitudinal associations between sex steroids (testosterone, estradiol, dehydroepiandrosterone [DHEA]) and magnetic resonance imaging assessments of VAT in 418 children, 49% of whom were non-White, at approximately 10 years old at Visit 1 (V1) and 17 years old at Visit 2 (V2). Linear mixed effects models adjusted for maternal education, household income, child caloric intake, physical activity, fasting insulin and leptin, and hepatic fat fraction. Differences in associations by race and pubertal stage were also assessed. Results: At V1, mean body mass index (BMI) for boys was 19.1 (4.7) kg/m2 and for girls was 18.5 (4.1) kg/m2. At V2, mean BMI for boys was 23.7 (5.5) kg/m2 and for girls was 23.6 (5.7) kg/m2. For each ng/dl (0.035 nmol/L) increase in testosterone at V1, there was a 0.25 cm2 increase in concurrent and future VAT in non-White (p = 0.04) but not White girls (p = 0.78). Higher levels of testosterone and DHEA at V1 were associated with greater concurrent and future VAT at V2. These associations were consistent regardless of pubertal stage. In boys, higher testosterone predicted higher future VAT but lower concurrent VAT. Estradiol and DHEA did not predict future VAT in boys. In girls, DHEA predicted future subcutaneous adipose tissue (SAT), and no sex steroids predicted future SAT in boys. Conclusions: Testosterone levels predict VAT in boys and girls, and DHEA predicts VAT in girls, even after adjustment for other hormone changes.
Maternal death related to COVID-19: A systematic review and meta-analysis focused on maternal co-morbidities and clinical characteristics; Background: Besides reducing the quality of obstetric care, the direct impact of COVID-19 on pregnancy and postpartum is uncertain. Objective: To evaluate the characteristics of pregnant women who died due to COVID-19. Search strategy: Cochrane Library, Embase, MEDLINE, Scopus, and Google Scholar were searched from inception to February 2021. Selection criteria: Studies that compared deceased and survived pregnant women with COVID-19. Data collection and analysis: Relevant data were extracted and tabulated. The primary outcome was maternal co-morbidity. Main results: Thirteen studies with 154 deceased patients were included. Obesity doubled the risk of death (relative risk [RR] 2.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.41–4.36, I2 = 0%). No differences were found for gestational diabetes (RR 5.71; 95% CI 0.77–42.44, I2 = 94%) or asthma (RR 2.05, 95% CI 0.81–5.15, I2 = 0%). Overall, at least one severe co-morbidity showed a twofold increased risk of death (RR 2.26, 95% CI 1.77–2.89, I2 = 76%). Admission to intensive care was related to a fivefold increased risk of death (RR 5.09, 95% CI 2.00–12.98, I2 = 56%), with no difference in need for respiratory support (RR 0.53, 95% CI 0.23–1.48, I2 = 95%) or mechanical ventilation (RR 4.34, 95% CI 0.96–19.60, I2 = 58%). Conclusion: COVID-19 with at least one co-morbidity increases risk of intensive care and mortality.
Outcomes of a novel pharmacy screening intervention to address the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in an Arabic-speaking country; Aims: Aim of this study is to evaluate the capacity of a pharmacist-delivered screening model for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in identifying and referring individuals at risk. Method: A screening programme was implemented in 12 community pharmacies in three cities in the United Arab Emirates. Trained pharmacists screened adults (≥40 years) without a previous diagnosis of diabetes or CVD. Most participants were recruited during their visits to the pharmacies; pharmacy-based advertising and social media were also used. The screening included medical history, anthropometric measurements, point-of-care glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, and a lipid panel. High-risk individuals (HbA1c ≥ 5.7% [39 mmol/mol], a high diabetes risk score, or a 10-year CVD risk ≥7.5%) were given a referral letter and advised to visit their physician. Risk factors for elevated HbA1c were identified by logistic regression. Results: Of the 568 screened participants, 332/568 (58%) were identified to be at risk: HbA1c levels were consistent with diabetes 67/560 (12%) or prediabetes 148/560 (26%), high diabetes risk score 243/566 (43%), CVD risk score > 7.5% 79/541 (15%). Obese people were more likely to have prediabetes or diabetes OR (95% CI): 3.2 (1.3, 7.5), as were those who spent more than 11 h/day sitting: 5.7 (1.8, 17.6). Of the 332 at-risk participants, 206 (62%) responded to a telephone follow-up at six weeks; one-third had discussed screening results with their physician. Conclusions: Community pharmacists detected and referred individuals at risk for diabetes or CVD, although participant follow-up with their physician could be improved. Pharmacy screening is feasible and will potentially improve outcomes.
ANGPTL8 in cardio-metabolic diseases; Dyslipidemia has been identified as an important factor in obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases (CVD), grouped as cardio-metabolic disorder diseases. Accordingly, dyslipidemia has become a major determinant in health worldwide. Both genome-wide association studies (GWAS) and research studies have focused on the elucidation of potential genetic mechanisms of dyslipidemia and the identification of new gene loci which contribute to the development of cardio-metabolic disorder diseases. Recent results indicate that both the ANGPTL8 gene and ANGPTL8 protein perform vital roles in modulating serum glucose and lipid metabolism. In this review, we examine the modulatory effects of ANGPTL8 and explore the potential mechanisms whereby ANGPTL8 affects serum glucose and lipid metabolism in cardio-metabolic disorder diseases.
Assisted Reproductive Technologies and Their Association With Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-Term Cardiovascular Disease: Implications for Counseling Patients; Purpose of review: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) has continued to emerge as a treatment option for infertility, a condition that affects a significant proportion of couples of reproductive age. The goal of this review is to provide information on the link between adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and ART and long-term cardiovascular consequences associated with these therapies. Recent findings: Increasing use and advancing maternal age have raised concerns regarding the short- and long-term use of such technologies. ART and associated hormonal therapies are known to cause potential vascular effects and have an association with APOs and cardiovascular disease. Summary: Our review highlights potential risks associated with ART and the need for pre-treatment awareness and counseling of short-term APO risk and long-term cardiovascular disease.
Roles of microRNAs in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and their therapeutic potential; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small (∼21 nucleotides), endogenous, non-coding RNA molecules implicated in the post-transcriptional gene regulation performed through target mRNA cleavage or translational inhibition. In recent years, several investigations have demonstrated that miRNAs are involved in regulating both carbohydrate and lipid homeostasis in humans and other organisms. Moreover, it has been observed that the dysregulation of these metabolism-related miRNAs leads to the development of several metabolic disorders, such as type 2 diabetes, obesity, nonalcoholic fatty liver, insulin resistance, and hyperlipidemia. Hence, in this current review, with the aim to impulse the research arena of the micro-transcriptome implications in vital metabolic pathways as well as to highlight the remarkable potential of miRNAs as therapeutic targets for metabolic disorders in humans, we provide an overview of the regulatory roles of metabolism-associated miRNAs in humans and murine models.
Low physical activity levels 1 year after pregnancy complications; Objectives: Women with previous preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important CVD risk modifier. We aimed to assess PA levels, using a validated objective method, and other modifiable CVD risk factors in women with these previous pregnancy complications. Study design: One year postpartum we assessed PA levels for 1 week in women with previous PE (n = 68), GH (n = 26), GDM (n = 23), and normotensive pregnancies (n = 65), using the ActiGraph-wGT3X-BT™ accelerometer. Outcome measures: We assessed adherence to American PA guidelines (≥150 min/week of moderate or ≥75 min/week of vigorous intensity PA), and time spent in moderate and vigorous PA. We also assessed steps/day, blood pressure and anthropometric indices. Results: Recommended PA levels were achieved in only 50%, 39%, and 35% following PE, GH, and GDM, respectively, not significantly different from controls (52%). Differences in moderate and vigorous PA levels and steps/day between the groups were non-significant, except from lower vigorous PA in women with previous GDM. Elevated blood pressure (systolic BP ≥ 120 mmHg and/or diastolic BP ≥ 80 mmHg) was more common after PE and GH. Overweight rates were significantly higher in PE, GH, and GDM groups compared to controls. Conclusions: Less than half of women achieved recommended PA levels 1 year postpartum. This did not differ significantly between women with previous PE, GH, or GDM compared to controls. Measures to increase PA in postpartum women are warranted, especially in women with pregnancy complications associated with high risk of premature CVD.
The relationship between gestational diabetes metabolic control and fetal autonomic regulation, movement and birth weight; (1) Background: Maternal metabolic control in gestational diabetes is suggested to influence fetal autonomic control and movement activity, which may have fetal outcome implications. We aimed to analyze the relationship between maternal metabolic control, fetal autonomic heart rate regulation, activity and birth weight. (2) Methods: Prospective noninterventional longitudinal cohort monitoring study accompanying 19 patients with specialist clinical care for gestational diabetes. Monthly fetal magnetocardiography with electro-physiologically-based beat-to-beat heart rate record-ing for analysis of heart rate variability (HRV) and the ‘fetal movement index’ (FMI) was performed. Data were compared to 167 healthy pregnant women retrieved from our pre-existing study database. (3) Results: Fetal vagal tone was increased with gestational diabetes compared to controls, whereas sympathetic tone and FMI did not differ. Within the diabetic population, sympathetic activation was associated with higher maternal blood-glucose levels. Maternal blood-glucose levels correlated positively with birth weight z scores. FMI showed no correlation with birth weight but attenuated the positive correlation between maternal blood-glucose levels and birth weight. (4) Conclusion: Fetal autonomic control is altered by gestational diabetes and maternal blood-glucose level, even if metabolic adjustment and outcome is comparable to healthy controls.
Development of a core outcome set for effectiveness studies of breech birth at term (Breech-COS): A systematic review on variations in outcome reporting; Women pregnant with a breech-presenting fetus at term are at an increased risk of adverse outcomes. Although the most common intervention is planned delivery by caesarean section, this is not always possible or desirable. Comparing alternative interventions is difficult due to heterogeneity in reported outcomes and their measurements. Additionally, the evidence, particularly for women in labour with a breech-presenting fetus, is very low quality, with several outcomes viewed as critical and important to decision-making not reported at all. There is a need to develop a core outcome set of minimum outcomes in all studies evaluating the effectiveness of interventions to improve outcomes associated with term breech birth (Breech-COS). Our objectives were to (1) identify outcomes currently reported in effectiveness studies of breech birth at term using a systematic review of the literature; (2) assess the methodological quality of outcome reporting in the included studies; and (3) engage with members of an established Patient and Public Involvement (PPI) group about the results, to help frame our understanding from the perspective of service users. We searched three databases (MEDLINE, EMBASE, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials) for all effectiveness studies associated with vaginal breech birth published in English between 2000 and 2020. Two reviewers independently screened and extracted the data. Outcomes were categorised into neonatal, maternal, features of labour, and long-term maternal and hierarchy of outcome classification (primary, secondary, part of composite, or undesignated). Frequency of reporting was calculated for each. An adapted methodological assessment was done for each study investigating whether primary and secondary objectives were clearly stated and defined. The results of the systematic review were then discussed with a PPI group to consider importance and relevance to service users. A total of 211 outcomes were extracted from 108 included studies, comprising of short (43) and long-term (39) neonatal, short (54) and long-term (39) maternal and features of labour (36) outcomes. The most frequently reported outcome in each category was: APGAR score at 5 min, developmental vulnerability/neurological morbidity, maternal mortality, urinary incontinence, and actual mode of birth respectively. Long-term outcomes were infrequently reported in the included studies, with outcomes for future pregnancies not reported at all, although these were each deemed important by service users. There was a lack of consensus in definition and measurement of outcomes, with only 36% of the included studies having clearly stated primary and secondary objectives. The observed heterogeneity in reported outcomes, lack of consensus in definition and measurement, as well as desire expressed by service users to have robust risk statistics for outcomes important to them highlights the need to develop a core outcome set for evaluating effectiveness studies of breech birth at term. A Breech-COS will enable useful synthesis of evidence and contribute to supported decision-making for women pregnant with a breech-presenting fetus at term.
The possibility of using bioelectrical impedance analysis in pregnant and postpartum women; Pregnancy is a time of significant changes occurring in the composition of a woman’s body in order to provide support for the growth and development of the foetus. Bioelectrical impedance analysis (BIA) is used to assess the body composition and hydration status. This technique represents a non-invasive, reliable, and fast clinical approach, which is well tolerated by patients. A segmental impedance measurement might be advantageous in pregnant women, particularly in late pregnancy. The purpose of this paper is to provide a review of different applications of BIA in pregnant and postpartum women. It seems that BIA has a better prognostic potential for gestational and postpartum outcomes than body mass index. The BIA method can be successfully used to study the effect of excessive gestational weight gain in pregnancy on the development of obstetric complications. Studying the mother’s body composition and correlating it with her energy balance could facilitate the development of dietary recommendations for women. Evaluation of the body composition can provide important clues for diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with a low risk of this disease. BIA is also used as one of the additional tests in assessing the risk of developing gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
One carbon metabolism and early development: a diet-dependent destiny; One carbon metabolism (OCM) is critical for early development, as it provides one carbon (1C) units for the biosynthesis of DNA, proteins, and lipids and epigenetic modification of the genome. Epigenetic marks established early in life can be maintained and exert lasting impacts on gene expression and functions later in life. Animal and human studies have increasingly demonstrated that prenatal 1C nutrient deficiencies impair fetal growth, neurodevelopment, and cardiometabolic parameters in childhood, while sufficient maternal 1C nutrient intake is protective against these detrimental outcomes. However, recent studies also highlight the potential risk of maternal 1C nutrient excess or imbalance in disrupting early development. Further studies are needed to delineate the dose–response relationship among prenatal 1C nutrient exposure, epigenetic modifications, and developmental outcomes.
Sars-cov-2: An imperative maternal-fetal concern; Severe acute respiratory syndrome corona virus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) is a newly emerged virus which belongs to Coronaviridae family within the betacoronavirus genus. Previous reports demonstrated that other betacoronaviruses were responsible for adverse outcomes during pregnancy in human. Due to inadequate data, the consequences of a SARS-CoV-2 infection during pregnancy is still a public health concern in the second year of SARS-CoV-2 circulation in human population. Herein, we aimed to review the probable risk of intrauterine vertical transmission of SARS-CoV-2 infection to the fetus, its adverse outcomes during pregnancy for both mother and the fetus and maternal risk factors which affect the severity Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19.
Multifactorial basis and therapeutic strategies in metabolism-related diseases; Throughout the 20th and 21st centuries, the incidence of non-communicable diseases (NCDs), also known as chronic diseases, has been increasing worldwide. Changes in dietary and physical activity patterns, along with genetic conditions, are the main factors that modulate the metabolism of individuals, leading to the development of NCDs. Obesity, diabetes, metabolic associated fatty liver disease (MAFLD), and cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are classified in this group of chronic diseases. Therefore, understanding the underlying molecular mechanisms of these diseases leads us to develop more accurate and effective treatments to reduce or mitigate their prevalence in the population. Given the global relevance of NCDs and ongoing research progress, this article reviews the current understanding about NCDs and their related risk factors, with a focus on obesity, diabetes, MAFLD, and CVDs, summarizing the knowledge about their pathophysiology and highlighting the currently available and emerging therapeutic strategies, especially pharmacological interventions. All of these diseases play an important role in the contamination by the SARS-CoV-2 virus, as well as in the progression and severity of the symptoms of the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Therefore, we briefly explore the relationship between NCDs and COVID-19.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of gestational diabetes mellitus and mental health among BAME populations; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of mental health (MH) disorders including antenatal and postnatal depression (PND), anxiety and post-traumatic-stress-disorder (PTSD). We hypothesized GDM and MH disorders will disproportionately affect individuals from Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic backgrounds. Methods: A systematic methodology was developed, and a protocol was published in PROSPERO (CRD42020210863) and a systematic review of publications between 1st January 1990 and 30th January 2021 was conducted. Multiple electronic databases were explored using keywords and MeSH terms. The finalised dataset was analysed using statistical methods such as random-effect models, subgroup analysis and sensitivity analysis. These were used to determine odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) to establish prevalence using variables of PND, anxiety, PTSD and stress to name a few. Findings: Sixty studies were finalised from the 20,040 data pool. Forty-six studies were included systematically with 14 used to meta-analyze GDM and MH outcomes. A second meta-analysis was conducted using 7 studies to determine GDM risk among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic women with pre-existing MH disorders. The results indicate an increased risk with pooled adjusted OR for both reflected at 1.23, 95% CI of 1.00–1.50 and 1.29, 95% CI of 1.11–1.50 respectively. Interpretation: The available studies suggest a MH sequalae with GDM as well as a sequalae of GDM with MH among Black, Asian and Minority Ethnic populations. Our findings warrant further future exploration to better manage these patients. Funding: Not applicable
Monitoring fetal well-being in labor in late fetal growth restriction; Late-onset fetal growth restriction (FGr) accounts for approximately 70-80% of all cases of FGr secondary to uteroplacental insufficiency. It is associated with an increased incidence of adverse antepartum and perinatal events, which in most instances result from hypoxic insults either present at the onset of labor or supervening during labor as a result of uterine contractions. labor represents a stressful event for the fetoplacental unit being uterine contractions associated with an up-to 60% reduction of the uteroplacental perfusion. intrapartum fetal heart rate monitoring by means of cardiotocography (CTG) currently represents the mainstay for the identification of fetal hypoxia during labor and is recommended for the fetal surveillance during labor in the case of FGr or other conditions associated with an increased risk of intrapartum hypoxia. in this review we discuss the potential implications of an impaired placental function on the intrapartum adaptation to the hypoxic stress and the role of the ctG and alternative techniques for the intrapartum monitoring of the fetal wellbeing in the context of FGR secondary to uteroplacental insufficiency.
Prenatal markers of foetal complications; Prenatal markers are commonly used in practice to screen for some foetal abnormalities. They can be biochemical or ultrasonic markers in addition to the newly used cell free Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) estimation. This review aimed to illustrate the applications of the prenatal screening, and the reliability of these tests in detecting the presence of abnormal chromosomes such as trisomy-21, trisomy-18, and trisomy-13 in addition to neural tube defects. Prenatal markers can also be used in the anticipation of some obstetrical complications depending on levels of these markers in the mother's circulation. In the developed countries, prenatal screening tests are regularly used during antenatal care period. Neural tube defects, numerical and structural chromosomal abnormalities, in addition to some obstetrical problems are commonly screened for, by using prenatal tests. Maternal education about the importance of performing these tests should be done in order to improve the detection rate of foetal abnormalities and some pregnancy complications.
Maternal use of statins in pregnancy: A population-based registry study; Background and Aims: Statins are contraindicated during pregnancy and lactation; however, data on statin use in pregnancy is limited, and the risks associated with statin exposure in human pregnancies remain unclear. We aimed 1) to examine patterns of statin use prior to, during, and after pregnancy, and 2) to examine the association between exposure to statins during pregnancy and health outcomes in mother and offspring. Methods: We collected data on statin use in pregnancy and outcomes for all pregnant women in Norway in 2005-2018 from national registries, including the Medical Birth Registry of Norway and the Norwegian Prescription Database. Registries were linked using the woman’s personal ID number. Drug utilization measures included statin prescription fills, co-prescribing patterns, predictors of discontinuation, and statin use in recurrent pregnancies. Drug safety measures included statin exposure associated with pre-specified perinatal and maternal outcomes, including birth weight, gestational age at birth, major congenital malformations, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: Over 800,000 pregnancies were included in the analysis. Few women dispensed a statin during the first trimester of pregnancy (0.045 %). The two main statins used were simvastatin and atorvastatin, and we found a clear towards the latter the past decade. Women that filled a prescription for a statin in first trimester of their first pregnancy were more likely to do so in subsequent pregnancies. Conclusions: As statins are increasingly being used by women of childbearing age, it is essential to surveille patterns of statin prescriptions across patient’s reproductive life, and to determine the safety of these drugs in pregnancy.
The Early Life Course of Body Weight and Gene Expression Signatures for Disease; We examined the way body-weight patterns through the first 4 decades of life relate to gene expression signatures of common forms of morbidity, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes (T2D), and inflammation. As part of wave V of the nationally representative National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent to Adult Health (1997-2018) in the United States, mRNA abundance data were collected from peripheral blood (n = 1,132). We used a Bayesian modeling strategy to examine the relative associations between body size at 5 life stages - birth, adolescence, early adulthood, young adulthood, and adulthood - and gene expression-based disease signatures. We compared life-course models that consider critical or sensitive periods, as well as accumulation over the entire period. Our results are consistent with a sensitive-period model when examining CVD and T2D gene expression signatures: Birth weight has a prominent role for the CVD and T2D signatures (explaining 33.1% and 22.1%, respectively, of the total association accounted for by body size), while the most recent adult obesity status (ages 33-39) is important for both of these gene expression signatures (24.3% and 35.1%, respectively). Body size in all life stages was associated with inflammation, consistent with the accumulation model.
Risk of intracranial hemorrhage associated with pregnancy in women with cerebral arteriovenous malformations; Background Prior studies on rupture risk of brain arteriovenous malformations (AVMs) in women undergoing pregnancy and delivery have reported conflicting findings, but also have not accounted for AVM morphology and heterogeneity. Here, we assess the association between pregnancy and the risk of intracranial hemorrhage (ICH) in women with AVMs using a cohort-crossover design in which each woman serves as her own control. Methods Women who underwent pregnancy and delivery were identified using DRG codes from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for California (2005-2011), Florida (2005-2014), and New York (2005-2014). The presence of AVM and ICH was determined using ICD 9 codes. Pregnancy was defined as the 40 weeks prior to delivery, and postpartum as 12 weeks after. We defined a non-exposure control period as a 52-week period prior to pregnancy. The relative risks of ICH during pregnancy were compared against the non-exposure period using conditional Poisson regression. Results Among 4 022 811 women identified with an eligible delivery hospitalization (median age, 28 years; 7.3% with gestational diabetes; 4.5% with preeclampsia/eclampsia), 568 (0.014%) had an AVM. The rates of ICH during pregnancy and puerperium were 6355.4 (95% CI 4279.4 to 8431.5) and 14.4 (95% CI 13.3 to 15.6) per 100 000 person-years for women with and without AVM, respectively. In cohort-crossover analysis, in women with AVMs the risk of ICH increased 3.27-fold (RR, 95% CI 1.67 to 6.43) during pregnancy and puerperium compared with a non-pregnant period. Conclusions Among women with AVM, pregnancy and puerperium were associated with a greater than 3-fold risk of ICH.
Three-dimensional echocardiography and cardiac strain imaging in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVES: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease and adverse cardiovascular outcome in the mother. Subclinical cardiac functional changes in the left ventricle have been reported during pregnancy in women with GDM using conventional echocardiography, but results are inconsistent. The aims of the current study were to assess whether GDM is associated with biventricular systolic dysfunction in the mother and whether these cardiac changes can be detected using the novel echocardiographic modalities of strain imaging and three-dimensional (3D) echocardiography. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study in women with GDM and controls examined at 26-40 weeks of gestation. All women underwent echocardiography, and 3D volumes of the left and right ventricles and left atrium were collected. Ejection fraction and left ventricular mass were measured using 3D echocardiography. Left ventricular mass was indexed to body surface area. Speckle-tracking echocardiography was used to assess global longitudinal strain of the left and right ventricles and strain of the left atrium. RESULTS: The study population included 123 women with GDM and 246 controls. Women with GDM, compared to controls, were older (35.1 ± 5.2 vs 32.4 ± 5.5 years; P < 0.001), had higher body mass index (30.6 (interquartile range (IQR), 26.2-35.2) vs 27.5 (IQR, 24.7-30.7) kg/m2 ; P < 0.001) and had higher systolic blood pressure (119.9 ± 11.2 vs 116.4 ± 12.0 mmHg; P = 0.007). In all women with GDM, there was good glycemic control. In women with GDM, compared to controls, there was lower global longitudinal strain of the left ventricle (-19.3% (IQR, -21.4 to -17.6%) vs -20.1% (IQR, -22.1 to -18.7%); P = 0.002) and right ventricle (-22.2% (IQR, -26.1 to -19.8%) vs -24.1% (IQR, -27.0 to -21.9%); P < 0.001). There was no significant difference between the groups in ejection fraction, left ventricular mass, diastolic function assessed by left atrial strain, or 3D functional indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM, compared to women with uncomplicated pregnancy, have lower left and right ventricular myocardial deformation. Volumetric assessment using 3D echocardiography does not provide additional information about maternal cardiac function. Strain imaging is a sensitive echocardiographic modality to detect early cardiac functional changes in women with GDM. Further studies are needed to assess the pattern of deterioration of cardiac function with advancing age in women with a history of GDM. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
A new United States database for pharmacoepidemiology studies in type 2 diabetes mellitus: The IMEDS distributed database; Background: The Innovation in Medical Evidence Development and Surveillance System Distributed Database (IMEDS-DD) is a subset of the Food and Drug Administration Sentinel Distributed Database, a national system for active surveillance of medical product safety. The IMEDS-DD includes healthcare data of 117 million patient-lives across 9 health plan partners. Generalizability of IMEDS-DD findings on Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to the general T2DM population is unknown. Objectives: 1) To assess data relevancy and data quality of the IMEDS-DD for diabetes research; 2) to evaluate comparability of the IMEDS-DD T2DM cohort to the general T2DM population. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted using the IMEDS-DD. Eligible members were adults with ≥ 1 encounter from 4/1/2018 to 3/31/2019 (index period) and ≥ 6 months of medical plus prescription drug use history available. T2DM (≥ 1 Type 2 and no Type 1 or gestational diabetes mellitus diagnoses) and comorbid conditions were determined using all data available from 4/1/2016 to the most recent encounter (index date). Patient characteristics, comorbidities and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values were summarized and compared to those of the general T2DM population established in national benchmarks and literature. Results: T2DM prevalence was 12.6% in the IMEDS-DD. Of the 414,672 T2DM patients, 52.8% were male and the mean age was 65.0 (SD 13.3) years, with 24.1% over 75 years of age. The common comorbidity included hypertension (84.5%), hyperlipidemia (82.8%), obesity (45.3%), and cardiovascular disease (CVD, 44.7%). Moderateto-severe chronic kidney disease (CKD) was observed in 20.2% patients. The most common T2DM treatment on the index date was metformin (35.7%), followed by sulfonylureas (14.8%) and insulin (9.9%). One-half (48.9%) had an HbA1c value recorded; among those, 36.3% had most recent HbA1c ≥7.0%. These findings align with estimates from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and those reported for T2DM patients identified within other large databases broadly used for diabetes research (T2DM US prevalence 13.0%; mean age 60.9-66.4 years; male 52.5-56.4%; CVD 25.1-45.2%; CKD 18.9-24.1%). Conclusions: Despite the limitations related to HbA1c data, findings from the study indicate that the IMEDS-DD contains robust information on key data elements to conduct pharmacoepidemiology studies in diabetes, including member demographic and clinical characteristics and health services utilization. This is further demonstrated by the notable similarity in patient characteristics between the IMEDS-DD T2DM population and the T2DM population identified within other large databases.
Newer Insights Into Fetal Growth and Body Composition; Based on epidemiological and experimental evidence, the origins of childhood obesity and early onset metabolic syndrome can be extended back to developmental processes during intrauterine life. It is necessary to actively investigate antecedent conditions that affect fetal growth by developing reliable measures to identify variations in fetal fat deposition and body composition. Recently, the resolution of ultrasonography has remarkably improved, which enables better tissue characterization and quantification of fetal fat accumulation. In addition, fetal fractional limb volume has been introduced as a novel measure to quantify fetal soft tissue volume, including fat mass and lean mass. Detecting extreme variations in fetal fat deposition may provide further insights into the origins of altered fetal body composition in pathophysiological conditions (i.e., fetal growth restriction or fetal macrosomia), which are predisposed to the metabolic syndrome in later life. Further studies are warranted to determine the maternal or placental factors that affect fetal fat deposition and body composition. Elucidating these factors may help develop clinical interventions for altered fetal growth and body composition, which could potentially lead to primary prevention of the future risk of metabolic dysfunction.
Gestational Diabetes and Risk Assessment of Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Newborns Early Motoric Development; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on maternal and fetal perinatal parameters, as well to evaluate the influence of GDM on neonatal early motoric development. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, we evaluated 203 eligible participants that were admitted to obstetrics department for a labor. GDM was assessed by evaluation of maternal parameters, fetal parameters, as well its impact on infants early motoric development (Alberta Infant Motor Scale-AIMS). Results: Presence of GDM was significantly positively associated with: pre-pregnancy weight, obesity degree, weight at delivery, gestational weight gain (GWG), body mass index (BMI) at delivery, GWG and increased pre-pregnancy BMI, glucose levels in mother's venous blood after the delivery, positive family history for cardiovascular disease, pregnancy-related hypertension, congenital thrombophilia, drug use in pregnancy, large for gestational age (LGA), mode of delivery (Cesarean section and instrumental delivery). Likewise, GDM association was detected for tested ultrasound parameters (biparietal diameter (BPD), head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), femoral length (FL)), length at birth, birth weight, newborn's head circumference, newborn's chest circumference, AIMS supination and pronation at three months, AIMS supination, pronation, sitting and standing at six months. Only Amniotic Fluid Index and AIMS supination at three months of infant's age remained significantly associated in multivariate regression model. Conclusions: The presence of significant positive association of numerous tested parameters in our study on perinatal outcomes and early motoric development, points to the necessity of establishing appropriate clinical decision-making strategies for all pregnant woman at risk and emphasize the importance of providing adequate glycaemia control options and further regular follow ups during the pregnancy.
Obesity in people with diabetes in COVID-19 times: Important considerations and precautions to be taken; At the end of 2019, a new disease with pandemic potential appeared in China. It was a novel Coronavirus called Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Later, in the first quarter of 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of this disease a pandemic. Elderly people, people with comorbidities, and health care professionals are more vulnerable to COVID-19. Obesity has been growing exponentially worldwide, affecting several age groups. It is a morbidity that is associated with genetic, epigenetic, environment factors and/or interaction between them. Obesity is associated with the development of several diseases including diabetes mellitus, mainly type 2. Diabetes affects a significant portion of the global population. Obesity and diabetes are among the main risk factors for the development of severe symptoms of COVID-19, and individuals with these conditions constitute a risk group. Based on a literature review on obesity in people with diabetes in the framework of the COVID-19 pandemic, this study presents updated important considerations and care to be taken with this population.
Primary peritoneal mucinous cystadenocarcinoma mimicking possible recurrent ovarian mucinous cystadenoma: Coincidental pathology or a spectrum of disease?; We present the case of a 32-year-old woman with a previous surgical history of benign mucinous cystadenoma resected in 2012 who underwent magnetic resonance cholangiopancreatography following her second pregnancy in 2020. This demonstrated a large cystic mass in the left subdiaphragmatic space. Histopathology confirmed a well-differentiated primary peritoneal mucinous cystadenocarcinoma displaying cells of a Mullerian origin. We subsequently discuss the aetiology of these conditions separately and explore the possibility of a connection between the two regarding origin or potential malignant transformation that may otherwise have occurred coincidentally in this young patient. We also acknowledge a paucity of evidence regarding subsequent management strategies.
Oxytocin at elective caesarean delivery: a dose-finding study in women with obesity; Prophylactic oxytocin administration at the third stage of labour reduces blood loss and the need for additional uterotonic drugs. Obesity is known to be associated with an increased risk of uterine atony and postpartum haemorrhage. It is unknown whether women with obesity require higher doses of oxytocin in order to achieve adequate uterine tone after delivery. The purpose of this study was to establish the bolus dose of oxytocin required to initiate effective uterine contraction in 90% of women with obesity (the ED90) at elective caesarean delivery. We conducted a double-blind dose-finding study using the biased coin up-down design method. Term pregnant women with a BMI ≥ 40 kg.m−2 undergoing elective caesarean delivery under regional anaesthesia were included. Those with conditions predisposing to postpartum haemorrhage were not included. Oxytocin was administered as an intravenous bolus over 1 minute upon delivery of the fetus. With the first woman receiving 0.5 IU, oxytocin doses were administered according to a sequential allocation scheme. The primary outcome measure was satisfactory uterine tone, as assessed by the operating obstetrician 2 minutes after administration of the oxytocin bolus. Secondary outcomes included the need for rescue uterotonic drugs, adverse effects and estimated blood loss. We studied 30 women with a mean (SD) BMI of 52.3 (7.6) kg.m-2. The ED90 for oxytocin was 0.75 IU (95%CI 0.5–0.93 IU) by isotonic regression and 0.78 IU (95%CI 0.68–0.88 IU) by the Dixon and Mood method. Our results suggest that women with a BMI ≥ 40 kg.m-2 require approximately twice as much oxytocin as those with a BMI < 40 kg.m-2, in whom an ED90 of 0.35 IU (95%CI 0.15–0.52 IU) has previously been demonstrated.
Exposures influencing the developing central autonomic nervous system; Autonomic nervous system function is critical for transition from in-utero to ex-utero life and is associated with neurodevelopmental and neuropsychiatric outcomes later in life. Adverse prenatal and neonatal conditions and exposures can impair or alter ANS development and, as a result, may also impact long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes. The objective of this article is to provide a broad overview of the impact of factors that are known to influence autonomic development during the fetal and early neonatal period, including maternal mood and stress during and after pregnancy, fetal growth restriction, congenital heart disease, toxic exposures, and preterm birth. We touch briefly on the typical development of the ANS, then delve into both in-utero and ex-utero maternal and fetal factors that may impact developmental trajectory of the ANS and, thus, have implications in transition and in long-term developmental outcomes. While many types of exposures and conditions have been shown to impact development of the autonomic nervous system, there is still much to be learned about the mechanisms underlying these influences. In the future, more advanced neuromonitoring tools will be required to better understand autonomic development and its influence on long-term neurodevelopmental and neuropsychological function, especially during the fetal period.
Diabetes mellitus in the era of climate change; Worldwide, diabetes mellitus (DM) represents a major public-health problem due to its increasing prevalence in tandem with the rising trend of obesity. However, climate change, with its associated negative health effects, also constitutes a worrisome problem. Patients with DM are experiencing more visits to emergency departments, hospitalizations, morbidity and mortality during heat waves at ever-increasing numbers. Such patients are particularly vulnerable to heat waves due to impaired thermoregulatory mechanisms in conjunction with impaired autonomous nervous system responses at high temperatures, electrolyte imbalances and rapid deterioration of kidney function, particularly among those aged > 80 years and with preexisting chronic kidney disease (CKD). Moreover, exposure to cold temperatures is associated with increased rates of acute myocardial infarction as well as poor glycaemic control, although results are conflicting regarding cold-related mortality among patients with DM. In addition to extremes of temperature, air pollution as a consequence of the climate crisis may also be implicated in the increased prevalence and incidence of DM, particularly gestational DM (GDM), and lead to deleterious effects in patients with DM. Thus, more large-scale studies are now required to elucidate the association between specific air pollutants and risk of DM. This review presents the currently available evidence for the detrimental effects of climate change, particularly those related to weather variables, on patients with DM (both type 1 and type 2) and GDM. Specifically, the effects of heat waves and extreme cold, and pharmaceutical and therapeutic issues and their implications, as well as the impact of air pollution on the risk for DM are synthesized and discussed here.
Ivabradine use in pregnant women—treatment indications and pregnancy outcome: an evaluation of the German Embryotox database; Purpose: Ivabradine has been approved for the treatment of chronic heart failure and chronic stable angina pectoris in Europe. Based on adverse outcomes of reproductive animal studies and the lack of human data, ivabradine is considered contraindicated during pregnancy. The aim of this observational study is to analyse ivabradine use before and during pregnancy. Methods: We evaluated all ivabradine-related requests to the German Embryotox Institute from 2007 to 2019. Exposed pregnancies were analysed as to their outcome. Results: Off-label use for supraventricular tachycardia was frequent in women of childbearing age. Of 38 prospectively ascertained pregnancies with ivabradine exposure and completed follow-up, 32 resulted in live births, 3 in spontaneous abortions, and 3 were electively terminated. One neonate presented with major birth defects (atrial septal defect and cleft palate). In 33/38 patients, ivabradine was discontinued after confirmation of pregnancy without cardiac deterioration and 5/38 women continued ivabradine throughout pregnancy. In addition, there were 3 retrospectively reported pregnancies including one major birth defect (tracheal atresia). Conclusion: This case series represents the largest cohort of ivabradine-exposed pregnancies, published so far. According to our findings, ivabradine appears not to be a major teratogen. However, established drugs of choice with strong evidence of low risk for the unborn should be preferred in women planning pregnancy. After inadvertent exposure during pregnancy or lack of treatment alternatives, fetal ultrasound for structural anomalies and growth restriction is recommended. In addition, close monitoring is necessary in pregnant women with supraventricular arrhythmias or cardiac disease.
Can information regarding the index stillbirth determine risk of adverse outcome in a subsequent pregnancy? Findings from a single-center cohort study; Introduction: Women with a history of stillbirth have an almost five-fold increased risk of stillbirth in a subsequent pregnancy, as well as increased risk of other adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The reasons for this association are not well understood but could relate to recurrent causes. We aimed to determine whether information from the time of index stillbirth, including cause, is associated with outcome of a subsequent pregnancy. Material and methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted at a UK tertiary maternity center. Cases were included if stillbirth was investigated, subsequent pregnancy care was provided, and the birth occurred in the same unit. Data on maternal characteristics, findings of investigations, and classification of death using the ReCoDe system were extracted, and logistic regression was performed to determine whether these factors were associated with adverse outcome in the subsequent pregnancy. Results: In this cohort (n = 266), there were 69 adverse outcomes, including three perinatal deaths. Preterm delivery (16.2%) and birthweight <10th centile (12.4%) were the most common adverse outcomes. Of the preterm births, 69.8% were iatrogenic and 47% of these were due to abnormalities of fetal growth. On multivariate analysis women with a preexisting medical condition (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 2.12, 95% CI 1.10-4.12) and those who smoked in their subsequent pregnancy (aOR 6.80, 95% CI 1.99-23.30) were at increased risk of adverse outcome. Neither ReCoDe classification of stillbirth (P =.61) nor gestation of stillbirth (P =.36) were associated with subsequent pregnancy outcome. Placental histopathological findings of maternal vascular malperfusion (aOR 11.34, 95% CI 2.20-58.62), fetal vascular malperfusion (aOR 9.27, 95% CI 1.09-78.82), and chorioamnionitis (aOR 6.35, 95% CI 1.16-34.78) in the index stillbirth were associated with adverse outcome in subsequent pregnancy. These associations were independent of maternal characteristics. Conclusions: Placental examination at time of stillbirth is important, as certain placental disorders inform the risk of adverse outcome in subsequent pregnancy. In this cohort, information regarding maternal characteristics and classification of cause of stillbirth do not provide significant prognostic information about the risk of adverse outcome in subsequent pregnancies. Optimal management of maternal medical disorders and access to smoking cessation are essential.
Metformin and health outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews with meta-analyses; Background: The objective was to capture the breadth of outcomes that have been associated with metformin use and to systematically assess the quality, strength and credibility of these associations using the umbrella review methodology. Methods: Four major databases were searched until 31 May 2020. Meta-analyses of observational studies and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) (including active and placebo control arms) were included. Results: From 175 eligible publications, we identified 427 different meta-analyses, including 167 meta-analyses of observational studies, 147 meta-analyses of RCTs for metformin vs placebo/no treatment and 113 meta-analyses of RCTs for metformin vs active medications. There was no association classified as convincing or highly suggestive from meta-analyses of observational studies, but some suggestive/weak associations of metformin use with a lower mortality risk of CVD and cancer. In meta-analyses of RCTs, metformin was associated with a lower incidence of diabetes in people with prediabetes or no diabetes at baseline; lower ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome incidence (in women in controlled ovarian stimulation); higher success for clinical pregnancy rate in poly-cystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); and significant reduction in body mass index in people with type 1 diabetes mellitus, in women who have obesity/overweight with PCOS and in obese/overweight women. Of 175 publications, 166 scored as low or critically low quality per AMSTAR 2 criteria. Conclusions: Observational evidence on metformin seems largely unreliable. Randomized evidence shows benefits for preventing diabetes and in some gynaecological and obstetrical settings. However, almost all meta-analyses are of low or critically low quality according to AMSTAR 2 criteria.
Early oxygen levels contribute to brain injury in extremely preterm infants; Background: Extremely low gestational age newborns (ELGANs) are at risk of neurodevelopmental impairments that may originate in early NICU care. We hypothesized that early oxygen saturations (SpO2), arterial pO2 levels, and supplemental oxygen (FiO2) would associate with later neuroanatomic changes. Methods: SpO2, arterial blood gases, and FiO2 from 73 ELGANs (GA 26.4 ± 1.2; BW 867 ± 179 g) during the first 3 postnatal days were correlated with later white matter injury (WM, MRI, n = 69), secondary cortical somatosensory processing in magnetoencephalography (MEG-SII, n = 39), Hempel neurological examination (n = 66), and developmental quotients of Griffiths Mental Developmental Scales (GMDS, n = 58). Results: The ELGANs with later WM abnormalities exhibited lower SpO2 and pO2 levels, and higher FiO2 need during the first 3 days than those with normal WM. They also had higher pCO2 values. The infants with abnormal MEG-SII showed opposite findings, i.e., displayed higher SpO2 and pO2 levels and lower FiO2 need, than those with better outcomes. Severe WM changes and abnormal MEG-SII were correlated with adverse neurodevelopment. Conclusions: Low oxygen levels and high FiO2 need during the NICU care associate with WM abnormalities, whereas higher oxygen levels correlate with abnormal MEG-SII. The results may indicate certain brain structures being more vulnerable to hypoxia and others to hyperoxia, thus emphasizing the role of strict saturation targets. Impact: This study indicates that both abnormally low and high oxygen levels during early NICU care are harmful for later neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm neonates.Specific brain structures seem to be vulnerable to low and others to high oxygen levels.The findings may have clinical implications as oxygen is one of the most common therapies given in NICUs.The results emphasize the role of strict saturation targets during the early postnatal period in preterm infants.
Mode of delivery of women with Swyer syndrome in a German case series; For women with Swyer Syndrome, a 46,XY gonadal dysgenesis, full term pregnancies are possible after oocyte donation. According to literature, mode of delivery is almost always by Caesarean section for various reasons. Medical indications are multiple pregnancies and related complications, preeclampsia, an androgynous shaped pelvis and failed induction of labor. Elective Caesarean sections were performed based on maternal request and medical recommendation. Following careful examination and shared decision making, we planned a spontaneous delivery with a patient with Swyer syndrome and tested the different hypotheses regarding anatomical and functional features according to literature. In addition, deliveries of women with Swyer Syndrome were analyzed in a German multicenter case series. A total of seven women with Swyer syndrome with a total of 10 pregnancies were identified, who later gave birth to twelve live-born children. Seven out of 10 births were performed by elective and non-elective Caesarean section, three births took place vaginally. In summary, the risk of Caesarean section delivery has increased, but spontaneous delivery can be attempted in the event of inconspicuous findings.
Differences in interactional behaviour in postpartum depression with and without pre-existing mental disorder; Background: Mothers with postpartum depression (PPD) show impaired affects and behaviour patterns in the mother-child interaction, which affects an infant's emotional and cognitive development and the maternal course of disease. However, impairment of the mother-child relationship does not occur in every case of PPD. Aim: The aim of this exploratory-descriptive video-based study was to investigate the possible associations between mother-child interactions and aspects of maternal biography and clinical history, with a focus on pre-existing mental disorder. Methods: Sixty-two mother-child dyads (31 mothers with PPD and pre-existing mental disorders and 31 mothers with PPD but no further mental disorder) hospitalized at the mother and baby unit (MBU) of the LWL-Hospital Herten were included in this study. The Marcé Clinical Checklist and the “Mannheimer Beurteilungsskala zur Erfassung der Mutter-Kind-Interaktion im Säuglingsalter” (MBS-MKI-S) were used to explore sociodemographic and clinical parameters, and video-based interaction behaviour was examined. Results: Mother-infant interaction behaviour showed a significant group difference on the MBS-MKI-S-Vm subscale (variability in maternal behaviour) before psychiatric treatment (exact Mann-Whitney U test: U = 555, p = 0.023), with higher scores in mothers with a pre-existing mental disorder. Furthermore, significant differences were shown on the MBS-MKI-S-RSm (maternal reactivity/sensitivity) (U = 259, p = 0.019) and MBS-MKI-S-Rc (child's reactivity) subscales at discharge (U = 251, p = 0.021). Among mothers with a pre-existing diagnosis, the MBS-MKI-S-Tm (maternal tenderness) and MBS-MKI-S-Rc (child's reactivity) subscales were significantly correlated after treatment. Conclusions: Mothers with PPD and a pre-existing mental disorder displayed significantly more behavioural variability than mothers with only PPD. Maternal behaviour seems to influence the child's responsive behaviour; thus, mothers and their children can benefit from inpatient treatment at an MBU. Further investigations with larger samples should be conducted.
From the distinctive smell to therapeutic effects: Garlic for cardiovascular, hepatic, gut, diabetes and chronic kidney disease; Garlic, a member of the Allium family, widely used in cooking for many centuries, displays well described antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties, as a result of its constituent organosulfur compounds, such as alliin, allicin, ajoene S-allyl-cysteine, diallyl sulfide and diallyl disulfide, among others. Although garlic has demonstrated beneficial effects in cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer, its efficacy as a therapeutic intervention in chronic kidney disease remains to be proven. This review thus focuses on the potential benefits of garlic as a treatment option in chronic kidney disease. and its ability to mitigate associated cardiovascular complications and gut dysbiosis.
Post-mortem examination of Hospital Inpatient COVID-19 Deaths in Lusaka, Zambia - A Descriptive Whole-body Autopsy Series; Background: Since information on the pathology of COVID-19 from sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) remains scarce, the objective of our study was to define the gross pathology and histological features of COVID-19. We report data from 29 whole-body autopsies of COVID-19 deaths occurring in hospitals in Lusaka, Zambia - the first large autopsy case series from Africa. Methods: We performed a descriptive post-mortem examination study of inpatient COVID-19 related deaths at two hospitals in Lusaka, Zambia. Whole-body autopsies were conducted according to Standard Operating Procedures. Gross and histopathological examinations of all organs were performed. Patient demographics, history, co-morbidities, autopsy gross and microscopic findings, and cause(s) of death were recorded and analyzed using STATA version 14. Variables were grouped and presented as frequencies and percentages. Findings: Autopsies were performed on 29 decedents (mean age = 44 ± 15.8years; age range = 19-82; 17/29 [58.8%] males). 22/29 [75.9%] cases were <55 years of age. A spectrum of pathological manifestations of COVID-19 were seen in all organs. The commonest causes of death were pulmonary thromboembolism (13/29, 45%), Diffuse Alveolar Damage (9/29, 31%), and COVID-19 pneumonia (7/29, 25%). 22/29 (76%) had co-morbidities. Common co-morbidities included HIV (8/29, 28%), Hypertension (6/29, 20%) Tuberculosis (3/29, 10%), Diabetes (3/29, 10%). Conclusions: A spectrum of gross anatomical and histopathological findings are seen in COVID-19 deaths in hospitalized decedents. These appear broadly similar to those reported from China, Europe and USA. Differences include a younger age group, and co-morbidities of HIV and TB co-infection which require further investigation.
Co-morbid gestational diabetes and pcos: Risks and management; Diabetes is emerging global burden and is defined as chronic metabolic disorder that results in elevated level of blood glucose and is due to beta cell destruction. Gestational diabetes is the type of diabetes that occurs in women during pregnancy or first recognized at the Gestational period. The prevalence of Gestational diabetes is increasing tremendously in developing countries. Approximately 2 to 14% of pregnancy is diagnosed with Gestational diabetes and 90% of all Gestational diabetes is reported from low-and middleincome countries. Of these North Africa has the highest prevalence followed by South Asia. The chance of developing type 2 diabetes is 7 times higher in women with previous history of Gestational diabetes and also it involves in increasing the risk of cardio metabolic disorders in later life. Gestational diabetes results from various complex interactions of environmental, genetic and maternal factors. Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), a major cause of infertility in women causes hormonal abnormalities and is also associated with insulin resistance. There exists a relationship between Gestational diabetes and PCOS stating that PCOS increase the risk of Gestational diabetes since insulin resistance is common factor in both. It is observed that the risk of Gestational diabetes is threefold higher n women with PCOS. Both PCOS as well as Gestational diabetes affects the quality of life of women due to many pathological changes. Life style modification is essential for management of PCOS and Gestational diabetes. Insulin therapy is recommended to treat hyperglycemic condition during pregnancy.
Increased circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) in prepubertal children born prematurely: a possible link between prematurity and cardiovascular risk; Background: Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity and neovascularization. No studies have investigated EPCs in preterm-born children beyond infancy. Methods: One hundred and thirty-six prepubertal children were enrolled: 63 preterm and 73 born at term (controls). Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(−) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were measured in preterm-born children compared to controls. Body mass index (BMI), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), neck circumference, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (SBP and DBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipid profile, common carotid and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (cIMT and aIMT, respectively), endothelium-dependent brachial artery flow-mediated dilation (FMD), and echocardiographic parameters were also assessed. Results: Circulating CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45(−) and CD34(+)/VEGFR-2(+)/CD45dim EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born children compared to controls (p < 0.001 and p < 0.001, respectively). In total study population and in the preterm-born group, EPCs were significantly lower in children born to mothers with gestational diabetes compared to non-diabetic mothers. Prematurity was associated with higher WHR, neck circumference, SBP, DBP, cIMT, aIMT, mean pressure, and velocity of pulmonary artery; the peak velocity of the brachial artery was significantly lower in children born prematurely. In multiple regression analysis, preterm birth and maternal gestational diabetes were recognized as independent predictors of EPCs. Conclusions: Circulating EPCs were increased in prepubertal preterm-born children in comparison with peers born full-term. Maternal gestational diabetes was associated with a decrease in EPCs. Impact: Mounting evidence supports the adverse effect of prematurity on cardiovascular health. However, the underlying mechanisms that could lead to endothelial dysfunction in preterm-born individuals are not fully understood.Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) ensure vascular integrity, normal endothelial function and neovascularization.No studies have investigated the EPCs counts in peripheral blood beyond infancy in children born prematurely.Circulating EPCs were significantly higher in preterm-born prepubertal children compared to controls, thus indicating that prematurity is possibly associated with endothelial damage.In total study population and in the preterm-born group, maternal gestational diabetes was associated with decreased EPCs concentrations.
Geographical variations in maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy associated with birth weight in Shaanxi province, Northwestern China; The geographical variation of maternal dietary patterns related to birth outcomes is important for improving the health of mothers and children; however, it is currently unknown. Thus, the objective of the study was to investigate geographical variations of maternal dietary pattern during pregnancy, and evaluate the spatial varying association of maternal dietary patterns in pregnancy with abnormal birth weight. A population-based cross-sectional study was conducted in Shaanxi province in Northwest China in 2013 to evaluate the relationship between abnormal birth weight and dietary pattern using the Geographically Weighted Logistic Regression (GWLR). Three dietary patterns during pregnancy were extracted through factor analysis, explaining approximately 45.8% of the variability of food intake. Approximately 81.6% of mothers with higher scores on the equilibrium pattern was more unlikely to have small for gestational age (SGA) infants, with the lower OR observed in Central and South Shaanxi. The snacks pattern was positively associated with low birth weight (LBW) for 23.2% of participants, with the highest OR in Central Shaanxi. Among about 80.0% of participants with higher scores on the snacks pattern living in South and Central Shaanxi, there was a higher risk for SGA. The OR values tend to descend from South to North Shaanxi. The OR values of the negative association between prudent pattern and LBW decreased from South to North Shaanxi among approximately 59.3% of participants. The prudent pattern was also negatively associated with the increasing risk of fetal macrosomia among 19.2% of participants living mainly in South Shaanxi. The association of maternal dietary patterns during pregnancy with abnormal birth weight varied geographically across Shaanxi province. The findings emphasize the importance of geographical distribution to improve the dietary patterns among disadvantaged pregnant women.
A Study of Maternal and Perinatal Outcomes in Pregnancy with Heart Diseases: Validation of CARPREG II Risk Prediction Index; Aim and objective: The aim of the study was to assess efficacy of CARPREG II risk prediction index in predicting poor maternal outcomes in pregnancies with heart diseases. Materials and methods: This study was conducted in the department of obstetrics and gynecology at a tertiary care center in Mumbai. This was a retrospective study of 66 pregnant women with structural heart diseases. CARPREG II score was calculated for each patient as per history, clinical examination, specific lesion through echo findings, and delivery of antenatal care. Primary and secondary adverse cardiac outcomes were noted during antepartum and postpartum periods. Obstetric and perinatal outcomes were also recorded. Results: Mean age of the study population was 27.36 years. A total of 51.5% (n = 34) patients were primigravidae. Majority of the subjects about 59.09% (n = 39) had rheumatic heart diseases (RHDs) and 25.75% (n = 17) had congenital heart diseases (CHDs). Overall, vaginal delivery was the most common route with an increased rate of Cesarean section (41.07%) and instrumental vaginal delivery (16.6%). There was no significant difference in observed and expected values of primary maternal outcome (p value = 0.9). All the maternal adverse clinical events were more common in groups of patients with CARPREG II index of 4 or more, but in score <3, the risk index overestimated maternal adverse cardiac events. Perinatal complications did not show any correlation with CARPREG II score. Conclusion: Pregnancy with cardiac disease is associated with high maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. CAREPREG II risk prediction index predicts maternal outcomes effectively and can be used routinely in clinical practices to assess the maternal risks. Clinical significance: Integration of general cardiac factors and disease-specific factors along with delivery of care predictor emphasizes the role of skilled antenatal care in improving outcomes in pregnancy with cardiac diseases.
Maternal cardiac function at 19-23 weeks' gestation in prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVES: To examine differences in maternal cardiovascular indices at 19-23 weeks' gestation between pregnancies that develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and those without GDM, and to determine whether such cardiovascular changes are the consequence of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history or GDM per se. METHODS: This was a prospective observational study in women attending for a routine hospital visit at 19 + 1 to 23 + 3 weeks' gestation. This visit included recording of maternal demographic characteristics and medical history, and maternal echocardiography for assessment of E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index, global longitudinal systolic strain, left ventricular ejection fraction, peripheral vascular resistance, left ventricular cardiac output and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area. The measurements of the maternal cardiac indices were standardized to remove the effects of maternal characteristics and elements from the medical history, and the adjusted values in the GDM group were compared to those in the non-GDM group. Likelihood ratios were derived for those indices that were altered significantly in GDM, and these were used to modify the prior risk derived from maternal demographic characteristics and medical history. The area under the receiver-operating-characteristics curve and the detection rate of GDM, at 10%, 20% and 40% false-positive rates, in screening by a combination of maternal factors with cardiovascular indices were determined. RESULTS: The study population of 2853 pregnancies contained 199 (7.0%) that developed GDM. In pregnancies that developed GDM, there were significant differences from the non-GDM group in E/A ratio, E/e' ratio, myocardial performance index and global longitudinal systolic strain. After adjustment for maternal demographic characteristics and factors from the medical history known to affect cardiac indices, the only cardiovascular indices that were significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups were peripheral vascular resistance and myocardial performance index, both of which were marginally increased in the GDM group. The performance of screening for GDM by maternal demographic characteristics and medical history was not improved by the addition of cardiovascular indices. CONCLUSIONS: Women with GDM have subtle functional and hemodynamic cardiac changes prior to the development of GDM. These cardiac changes are mostly related to the adverse risk-factor profile of these women. Maternal cardiac assessment at 20 weeks does not offer additional predictive information for GDM development in pregnancy to that calculated based on demographic characteristics and medical history. © 2021 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Assessment of adherence to medication during chronic illnesses in pregnancy; Purpose/Aim: To evaluate adherence to medication in chronic illnesses during pregnancy and to identify factors responsible for non-adherence. Methods: This was a prospective, cross-sectional, questionnaire based study initiated after approval of the institutional ethics committee. Pregnant women suffering from any chronic illness (except HIV) were questioned to evaluate adherence to medication in chronic illnesses during pregnancy and to detect factors responsible for non-adherence using a semi-structured, open-ended questionnaire. Adherence to medication was also assessed using 4-item Morisky's medication adherence scale. Results: Rate of high adherence was significantly more (58.77%) with medications for chronic illness compared to medications for normal pregnancy (15.78%). Majority of women were more concerned about the chronic illness and believed that keeping the chronic illness under control is more important for normal growth of the baby. Unawareness about usefulness of each medicine and forgetfulness were the most common reasons for non-adherence to medications. Not taking prescribed dose was the most common type of non-adherence. Level of adherence positively correlated with level of education while it was inversely related to number of tablets per day. Conclusion: Higher adherence to medications for chronic illnesses during pregnancy is an encouraging finding but at the same time poor adherence to medications for normal pregnancy is a matter of concern. Most of the issues responsible for non-adherence to medication as reported in this study can be resolved to a significant extent by planning and implementing interventions aimed at improving adherence to treatment during pregnancy in which health professionals play a major role.
Tuberculous meningoencephalitis in pregnancy: A case report; Introduction: Tuberculous meningitis is a severe form of tuberculosis with high morbidity and mortality in pregnancy attributing to delayed diagnosis and initiation of therapy. Case Description: We report a case of a 27-year-old, Gravida 4 Para 2 at 25 weeks of gestation who presented with severe headache and vomiting. She gave a history of herpes zoster infection involving anterolateral aspect of the neck fourteen days prior to current presentation. Her father was diagnosed with pulmonary tuberculosis and has completed treatment one year ago. Neurological examination was unremarkable. MRI brain was normal. She progressed to have high grade fever associated with altered behavior. Empirical antibiotics and antiviral were started covering for meningoencephalitis as family declined lumbar puncture. Blood, urine, and high vaginal culture were negative. ECHO showed preserved ejection fraction with no evidence of vegetation. Connective tissue screening was negative. Despite escalation of empirical antibiotics and antiviral therapy there was no resolution of fever. Consent for lumbar puncture was obtained after repeated counselling. Empirical treatment for tuberculocolous meningoencephalitis was initiated. Cerebrospinal fluid TB PCR gene expert was positive. Marked improvement in behavioral and afebrile state was achieved within five days of anti TB therapy. Patient was discharged well from the ward at 32 weeks of gestation to complete antituberculosis treatment. She was induced at 38 weeks for gestational diabetes mellitus on treatment and had an uncomplicated vaginal delivery. Discussion: Early diagnosis of tuberculous meningitis requires high index of suspicion especially in women with relevant clinical manifestation and epidemiological factors. Lumbar puncture is valuable in establishing diagnosis.
Placenta percreta with congenital uterine abnormality in a primigravida: A case report; Introduction: Abnormal placentation is typically seen in patients with risk factors, usually a history of uterine surgery, and follow up for these cases would be tailored accordingly. This a case of placenta percreta in a primigravida with congenital uterine abnormality noted during surgery. Case Description: A 41-year-old primigravida with gestational diabetes mellitus on metformin presented at 20 weeks of pregnancy with acute abdomen without per vaginal bleeding. Physical examination revealed a distended abdomen with generalized tenderness, and bedside scan revealed a viable fetus within uterus with low lying placenta and some free fluid in the abdomen. She was normotensive but tachycardic, with a hemoglobin of 8 g/dL (her booking hemoglobin was 11.3 g/dL). Formal ultrasound was reported as perforated appendicitis. Intraoperatively placenta percreta with uterine rupture was diagnosed, with the entire amniotic sac expelled out. Noted unicornuate uterus with rudimentary horn; patient did not have left ovary and Fallopian tube. Subtotal abdominal hysterectomy was done. The fetus did not survive. HPE was reported as placenta percreta with uterine fibroid. Discussion: An online search revealed less than 10 similar cases being reported, and they mostly were of a younger-age group. This patient also had a history of subfertility for 5 years that was not previously investigated. Due to her age factor, she was referred for detailed scan however she presented 2 weeks before her scheduled appointment with the MFM team. Pregnant primigravida in acute abdomen with free fluid should raise suspicion for possibility of abnormally invasive placenta and congenital uterine abnormality.
Vascular stiffness in children born after embryo transfer at 8-9 years of age; Study question: Do 8-9-year-old singletons conceived after frozen (FET) or fresh embryo transfer (Fresh ET) have increased vascular stiffness compared to naturally conceived (NC) children? Summary answer: FET and Fresh ET was not associated with increased vascular stiffness or altered cardiovascular autonomic reflexes as compared to NC children. What is known already: Normally, vascular stiffness increases during childhood, and in adults with the metabolic syndrome increased vascular stiffness is associated with symptomatic cardiovascular disease. Children conceived after FET and Fresh ET are at risk of being large- and small-for-gestational- age, respectively. Epigenetic modulation during assisted reproductive technologies (ART) has been suggested to influence cardiovascular risk factors, and previous studies have shown that children conceived after ART are at increased risk of insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction and increased arterial blood pressure. It is not known if ART procedures alter vascular stiffness of children. Study design, size, duration: In a cohort study including 8-9 years old singletons conceived after FET, Fresh ET and NC (50 in each group), we used cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) and cardiovascular autonomic reflex testing (CART) to compare arterial stiffness. The study was powered to detect a difference between groups of aortic distensibility from 8.9 to 8.0, comparable to what is seen in a 5-year older cohort of children (beta 0.80, alpha 0.05). Inclusion period 18 months. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Singletons were identified through the Danish IVF Registry and the Medical Birth Registry. NC children were matched by sex and birth year with FET children. Exclusion criteria were congenital heart disease, maternal preeclampsia, gestational diabetes or diabetes mellitus. Artery stiffness was assessed from blood pressure and aortic distensibility, pulse wave velocity (PWV), cardiac output and total peripheral resistance by CMR. CART was investigated non-invasively in 40 children. Measurements were performed blinded to the child group. Main results and the role of chance: Maternal age at delivery was higher in the FET (42.5±5.5 years) and Fresh ET (40.5±6.1 years) compared to the NC group (38.2±5.7 years). In the ART groups, mothers were more likely to have a high educational level (FET 50% and Fresh ET 56.2%) compared to mothers in the NC group (30.6%) (both ANOVA-p<0.05). As expected, children conceived after FET had a higher birth weight standard-deviation-score (0.4±1.1+) compared to Fresh ET (-0.1±1.0) and NC (-0.2±1.1). Among study groups, no significant differences were observed in systolic and diastolic blood pressure (FET 109±6/64±6 mmHg; Fresh ET 109±7/65±5 mmHg; NC 108±8/65±5 mmHg; ANOVA-p>0.05). Heart rate was also similar in all study groups (FET 79±12 bpm; Fresh ET 79±9 bpm; NC 78±11 bpm; ANOVA-p>0.05). No significant differences were observed between groups in total aortic PWV (FET 3.69±0.75 m/s; Fresh ET 3.49±0.31 m/s; NC 3.59±0.61 m/s; ANOVA-p>0.05). Aorta ascendens distensibility was similar in study groups (FET 11.12±3.55 10-3mmHg- 1; Fresh ET 11.77±2.97 10-3mmHg-1; NC 11.43±2.82 10-3mmHg-1, ANOVA-p> 0.05). Furthermore, distensibility of aorta descendens and aorta abdominalis, PWV of arcus aorta and PWV from aorta descendens to abdominalis, cardiac output, total peripheral resistance and CART were similar in study groups. Outcome variables remained non-significant after adjustment for potential confounders. Limitations, reasons for caution: The participation rate was higher in the ART groups (FET 40% and Fresh ET 32%) compared to NC (17%) and hence a selection bias is possible. Data from CART should be interpreted cautiously due to lower number of participating children in these tests. Wider implications of the findings: Our study did not find any associations between FET or Fresh ET compared to NC children and arterial stiffness. Nor, any associations to CART could be made. Further studies are needed in younger adults to better exclude important long-term effects of ART.
COVID-19 vaccination in pregnant and lactating diabetic women; Aim: To discuss available information on the opportunity for pregnant women affected by diabetes/obesity to receive COVID-19 vaccine. Data synthesis: Pregnant women with SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) infection are at high risk for severe acute respiratory syndrome and adverse outcomes. Pregnant women with severe COVID-19 present increased rates of preterm delivery (<37 gestational weeks), cesarean delivery and neonatal admissions to the intensive care unit. Comorbidity such as diabetes (pregestational or gestational) or obesity further increased maternal and fetal complications. It is known that diabetic or obese patients with COVID-19 present an unfavorable course and a worse prognosis, with a direct association between worse outcome and suboptimal glycol-metabolic control or body mass index (BMI) levels. Critical COVID-19 infection prevention is important for both mother and fetus. Vaccination during pregnancy is a common practice. Vaccines against COVID-19 are distributed across the world with some population considered to have a priority. Since pregnant women are excluded from clinical trials very little information are available on safety and efficacy of COVD-19 vaccines during pregnancy. However, it is well known the concept of passive immunization of the newborn obtained with transplacental passage of protective antibodies into the fetal/neonatal circulation after maternal infection or vaccination. Moreover, it has been reported that COVID-19 vaccine-induced IgG pass to the neonates through breastmilk. Therefore, maternal vaccination can protect mother, fetus and baby. Conclusions: After an individual risk/benefit evaluation pregnant and lactating women should be counselled to receive COVID-19 vaccines.
A Good Way to Reduce Screening for Retinopathy of Prematurity: Development of the ROP Model in a China Preterm Population; Importance: Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is a preventable cause of blindness in children. Without treatment, more than 45% of eyes may suffer permanent vision loss. Current ROP screening guidelines, which include a range of birth weights (BWs) and gestational ages (GAs), may require screening many low-risk preemies who might develop severe ROP. Method: All high-risk infants in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of the First Affiliated Hospital of Zhengzhou University from 2017 to 2021 were included in this retrospective cohort study. Each of the 27 candidate risk factors was evaluated in univariate analysis and adjusted for known risk factors (i.e., GA and BW). The significant results were analyzed in a backward selection multivariate logistic regression model. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves and a nomogram were drawn. Results: The study included 2,040 infants who underwent ROP screening. The weight gain rate [OR, 2.65; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.49–1.21 ≤ 12 g/d vs. > 18 g/d; P = 0.001], blood transfusion (OR, 2.03; 95% CI, 1.14–3.64; P = 0.017), invasive mechanical ventilation (OR, 1.74; 95% CI, 1.15–2.66; P = 0.009) and N-terminal segment of pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) ≥ 25,000 ng/L (OR, 1.51; 95% CI, 1.00–2.28; P = 0.048) were four new statistically independent risk factors in addition to GA and BW. The area under the curve (AUC) of the final multivariate model was 0.90 (95% CI, 0.88–0.92; P < 0.001). Conclusions and Relevance: These findings add to our understanding of ROP screening because they include all eligible infants rather than only high-risk infants, as in previous studies. Under the control of BW and GA, low weight gain rate, increased number of blood transfusion, invasive mechanical ventilation and NT-proBNP ≥ 25,000 ng/L were “new” statistically independent risk factors for ROP. The ROP risk can be calculated manually or represented by a nomogram for clinical use.
Case Report: BCG-Triggered Hemophagocytic Lymphohistiocytosis in an Infant With X-Linked Recessive Mendelian Susceptibility to Mycobacterial Disease Due to a Variant of Chronic Granulomatous Disease; In the United Arab Emirates, BCG (Bacillus Calmette-Guérin) is administered to all newborns. We present here a young infant with an inborn error of immunity (IEI) who developed fatal adverse events to this live-attenuated vaccine. This male infant received BCG (Serum Institute of India Pvt., Ltd., India) on Day 11 of life. On Day 25, he developed fever, followed by cervical lymphadenitis and bilateral otitis media with fluid drainage. On Day 118, he was admitted with severe hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH), and passed away on Day 145. The diagnostic exome sequencing test identified a hemizygous nonsense variant, NM_000397.3(CYBB):c.676C>T, p.Arg226* (rs137854592). Pathogenic variants of CYBB [cytochrome b(-245), beta subunit; Mendelian Inheritance in Man [MIM] accession code, 300481] are known to cause “immunodeficiency 34, mycobacteriosis, X-linked” (IMD34, MIM#300645) and “chronic granulomatous disease, X-linked” (CGDX, MIM#306400). The natural history of his illness is consistent with “X-linked recessive Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial disease (MSMD).” This entity is responsible for his BCG disease and is a likely trigger of his HLH. This disastrous event underlines the importance of developing worldwide policies that target BCG disease prevention, especially in communities with high prevalence of IEI. Moreover, screening for genetic causes of MSMD in the community could pave the way, at least partially, for scale-up of tuberculosis (TB) prevention.
Are newly introduced criteria for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus associated with improved pregnancy outcomes and/or increased interventions in New South Wales, Australia? A population-based data linkage study; Introduction The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing in Australia, influenced by changed diagnostic criteria. We aimed to identify whether the diagnostic change was associated with improved outcomes and/or increased obstetric interventions using state-wide data in New South Wales (NSW), Australia. Research design and methods Perinatal and hospital data were linked for singleton births, 33-41 weeks' gestation, 2006-2015, NSW. An adjusted Poisson model was used to split pregnancies from 2011 onwards into those that would have been diagnosed under the old criteria (a € previous GDM') and newly diagnosed cases (a € additional GDM'). We compared actual rates of total and early (<39 weeks) planned births, cesareans, and maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes for GDM-diagnosed pregnancies using three predicted scenarios, where the a € additional GDM' group was assumed to have the same rates as: the a € previous GDM' group <2011 (scenario A); the a € non-GDM' group <2011 (scenario B); or the a € non-GDM' group ≥2011 (scenario C). Results GDM incidence more than doubled over the study period, with an inflection point observed at 2011. For those diagnosed with GDM since 2011, the actual incidence of interventions (planned births and cesareans) and macrosomia was consistent with scenario A, which meant higher intervention rates, but lower rates of macrosomia, than those with no GDM. Incidence of neonatal hypoglycemia was lower than scenario A and closer to the other scenarios. There was a reduction in perinatal deaths among those with GDM, lower than that predicted by all scenarios, indicating an improvement for all with GDM, not only women newly diagnosed. Incidence of maternal and neonatal morbidity indicators was within the confidence bounds for all three predicted scenarios. Conclusions Our study suggests that the widely adopted new diagnostic criteria for GDM are associated with increased obstetric intervention rates and lower rates of macrosomic babies, but with no clear impacts on maternal or neonatal morbidity.
Case Report: Liraglutide for Weight Management in Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndromic Obesity; Genetic obesity, including syndromic and non-syndromic forms, represents a minority of cases compared to essential obesity but gene dysregulations lead to complex clinical conditions that make their management particularly difficult. Among them, Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is a multisystem human genomic imprinting disorder characterized by overgrowth. We describe the first case of liraglutide treatment in an 18-year-old boy patient affected by BWS complicated by macroglossia, cryptorchidism, nephroblastoma, organomegaly, microscopic lymphocytic colitis, pharmacologically treated arterial hypertension, obesity, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. He presented a normal cognitive development. Body mass index at the time of first transition visit in the adult endocrinology department at the age of 18-years-old was 40.6 kg/m2 without glucose metabolism impairment. Lifestyle interventions failed because of poor compliance. During 20 months of 3.0 mg liraglutide treatment, a weight loss of 19 kg (−13.3%) and BMI reduction of 6.8 points were registered without side effects. To date, liraglutide treatment was effective on obesity in 7 subjects with Prader Willy Syndrome and 14 with melanocortin-4 receptor mutations. The efficacy of liraglutide in BWS could be related to a crosstalk among glucagon-like peptide (GLP)-1 system, mechanisms related to the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1C (CDKN1C), and dopamine mesolimbic circuit. Clinical trials aiming at a tailored medicine in genetic obesity are needed.
Thyroid Function in Preterm/Low Birth Weight Infants: Impact on Diagnosis and Management of Thyroid Dysfunction; Maternal thyroid hormone crosses the placenta to the fetus beginning in the first trimester, likely playing an important role in fetal development. The fetal thyroid gland begins to produce thyroid hormone in the second trimester, with fetal serum T4 levels gradually rising to term. Full maturation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid (HPT) axis does not occur until term gestation or the early neonatal period. Postnatal thyroid function in preterm babies is qualitatively similar to term infants, but the TSH surge is reduced, with a corresponding decrease in the rise in T4 and T3 levels. Serum T4 levels are reduced in proportion to the degree of prematurity, representing both loss of the maternal contribution and immaturity of the HPT axis. Other factors, such as neonatal drugs, e.g., dopamine, and non-thyroidal illness syndrome (NTIS) related to co-morbidities contribute to the “hypothyroxinemia of prematurity”. Iodine, both deficiency and excess, may impact thyroid function in infants born preterm. Overall, the incidence of permanent congenital hypothyroidism in preterm infants appears to be similar to term infants. However, in newborn screening (NBS) that employ a total T4-reflex TSH test approach, a higher proportion of preterm babies will have a T4 below the cutoff, associated with a non-elevated TSH level. In NBS programs with a primary TSH test combined with serial testing, there is a relatively high incidence of “delayed TSH elevation” in preterm neonates. On follow-up, the majority of these cases have transient hypothyroidism. Preterm/LBW infants have many clinical manifestations that might be ascribed to hypothyroidism. The question then arises whether the hypothyroxinemia of prematurity, with thyroid function tests compatible with either non-thyroidal illness syndrome or central hypothyroidism, is a physiologic or pathologic process. In particular, does hypothyroxinemia contribute to the neurodevelopmental impairment common to preterm infants? Results from multiple studies are mixed, with some randomized controlled trials in the most preterm infants born <28 weeks gestation appearing to show benefit. This review will summarize fetal and neonatal thyroid physiology, thyroid disorders specific to preterm/LBW infants and their impact on NBS for congenital hypothyroidism, examine treatment studies, and finish with comments on unresolved questions and areas of controversy.
Efficacy of flash glucose monitoring in pregnant women with poorly controlled pregestational diabetes (FlashMom): A randomized pilot study; Background and aims: Good glycemic control is crucial to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Our aim was to evaluate the efficacy of Flash Glucose Monitoring (FGM) on glucose control in women with pregestational diabetes. Methods and results: Forty women with inadequately controlled type 1 (T1D, n = 34) and type 2 (T2D, n = 6) diabetes at conception were randomly assigned to two arms: the Flash Glucose group (FG, n = 21) using FGM, and the control group (CG, n = 19) using self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG). Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c, %), time in (TIR), below (TBR) and above (TAR) range, glucose variability as well as the occurrence of maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes, were evaluated. HbA1c decreased significantly (p < 0.01) and similarly (−0.65 ± 0.7 vs. −0.67 ± 0.8 for FG and CG, respectively; p = 0.89) in both groups during pregnancy. HbA1c reduction was positively associated with the number of daily FGM scans (p < 0.01). TBR (12.1 ± 2.0% vs. 19.6 ± 3.9%, p = 0.04) and the mean of the daily serum glucose difference (MODD) index (59.1 ± 5.4 vs. 77.7 ± 4.6, p = 0.02) were significantly lower in FG at second trimester. The rates of perinatal adverse outcomes were not different in the two studied groups. Conclusions: In women with pregestational diabetes, FGM and SMBG had similar efficacy on glucose control during pregnancy. FGM showed additional advantages in terms of TBR and glucose variability. Achievement of good metabolic results depended on the adequate use of glucose sensor. Registration: At ClinicalTrials.gov as NCT04666818 on December 14, 2020.
Enhanced expression of Galectin-3 in gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), hyperglycemia diagnosed during pregnancy, is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy, treated primarily by diet and pharmacotherapy, if indicated. It is well-established that GDM increases the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term complications in mothers and infants. Galectin-3 (Gal-3) is important in processes of cell growth, differentiation, inflammation, and fibrosis. We evaluated Gal-3 expression in pregnancies complicated by GDM as a parameter that might explain how GDM influences early onset of future complications. Methods and results: Forty-four women with GDM and 40 with normal pregnancy (NP) were recruited during delivery admission. Blood samples were obtained from parturients and umbilical cords blood, as well as placental tissue for analysis. Gal-3 mRNA expression was increased in maternal blood samples and placental tissue of women with GDM compared to NP. In GDM, Gal-3 mRNA was decreased in cord blood compared to maternal blood and placental tissue. Gal-3 GDM placental protein expression was increased compared to NP. Immunostaining revealed that Gal-3 is upregulated in GDM placental extravillous trophoblast. ELISA of Gal-3 maternal serum levels between GDM and NP were similar. Conclusion: Gal-3 is strongly expressed at molecular levels (mRNA and protein expression) in GDM maternal blood and placental tissue, and decreased in cord blood. These findings highlight the role of the placenta in protecting the fetus from potential Gal-3 damage. Gal-3 expression at mRNA and protein levels might be influenced by diabetes, even if blood glucose is balanced by medication or diet.
Postpartum atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome: Evaluating thrombotic microangiopathy in the pregnant woman; Acute kidney injury in women during pregnancy and the puerperium is often ascribed to hypertensive complications of pregnancy, especially pre-eclampsia. However, rarer causes, including atypical hemolytic uremic syndrome (aHUS) can be triggered by pregnancy. We present a case of a woman with post-partum acute kidney injury due to aHUS, which was successfully treated with the C5a inhibitor eculizumab. We also present a summary of the evaluation and management of thrombotic microangiopathy in pregnancy.
Women's cardiovascular risk before and after menopause: A red alert for heart attack!; Cardiovascular disease is now the leading cause of death in women, 16 times more frequent than breast cancer, and with more and more young women at risk. Young women are exposed to serial loss of chance, related to sex, with specific female hormonal cardiovascular risk factors (CVRF): contraception, pregnancy and menopause; and to gender: atypic symptoms, underestimation, poor risk-factor control, undertreatment and lack of follow-up, and specific atheromatous disease. Prevalence and impact of risk factors differ between males and females. At a given age, women show more CVRFs than men. This is due to negative lifestyle changes, with increasing smoking, stress, obesity and sedentary lifestyles. Some CVRFs such as hypertension, smoking, stress and diabetes have more severe arterial impact in women than men. Psychosocial factors are emerging risk factors, especially in younger women. Specific hormonal risk is linked to contraception, endometriosis, polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, miscarriage, age at menarche, hysterectomy and menopause. Moreover, classic CV risk scores are not adapted to women. An aggressive approach to CVRF management is essential for primary prevention of CV disease, using specific guidelines. Health professionals should conduct earlier personalized screening for women at risk and should encourage appropriate lifestyle changes. The gyneco-cardiology healthcare pathway is a real opportunity to improve cardiovascular prevention in women.
Turner syndrome through the lens of a gynaecologist; Turner syndrome is a rare condition affecting 1 in 2500 female births and yet is the most common sex chromosome abnormality in women. Described as a cradle-to-grave condition, it requires life-long multidisciplinary management. Accelerated atresia of the primordial follicular pool leads to premature ovarian insufficiency, which is an almost inevitable feature of Turner syndrome, especially in 45XO karyotype. Many patients will have had their diagnosis made in childhood and require paediatric endocrinology management especially for induction of puberty. At the age of 18, patients may then be transitioned to an adult service. Continuation of multidisciplinary care for these women requires input from specialist services in menopause care, reproductive medicine and high-risk pregnancy, cardiology, endocrinology, bone health and psychosocial care. A gynaecologist may take on the mantle of lead clinician especially during the perceived reproductive years of a Turner syndrome patient’s life, hinging together management input from other disciplines. This review attempts to summarise an overview of the involvement of such a multidisciplinary team in the management of a single but complex condition, through the lens of a gynaecologist.
Assessing maternal clotting function with novel global coagulation assays: A prospective pilot study; Introduction: Women are at higher risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) during pregnancy and the puerperium. Global coagulation assays (GCAs), including thromboelastography (TEG), thrombin generation using the calibrated automated thrombogram (CAT) and fibrin generation using the overall haemostatic potential assay (OHP), provide a more comprehensive assessment of the coagulation process than conventional coagulation assays. We aimed to evaluate the ability of these GCAs to analyse the coagulability among pregnant women of varying VTE risk profile. Methods: Women undergoing term elective caesarean delivery provided a single predelivery blood sample for conventional and novel coagulation testing (TEG, CAT and OHP). Data from 47 healthy nonpregnant women aged 18-45 years were used as controls. Results: Sixty women with term singleton pregnancies were included. Samples from pregnant women were hypercoagulable on most GCA parameters compared to nonpregnant controls, demonstrating increased maximum amplitude (clot strength) (71.5 vs 60.6 mm, P <.001) on whole blood TEG and increased endogenous thrombin potential (1895.22 vs 1399.33 nmol/L·min, P <.001) and overall coagulation potential (fibrin generation) (57.58 vs 36.21 units, P <.001) on platelet-poor plasma. Pregnant women with booking BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2 had significantly higher maximum amplitude compared to pregnant women of normal BMI (18.5-25 kg/m2) (73.2 vs 66.1 mm, P <.001). Conclusions: Global coagulation assays reliably detect the physiological hypercoagulability of pregnancy. Thromboelastography in particular appears to correlate with obesity in the pregnant population. GCAs may be potential adjuncts to risk factor-based criteria to guide VTE thromboprophylaxis during pregnancy and the puerperium.
Maternal folic acid intake and methylation status of genes associated with ventricular septal defects in children: Case–control study; Background: DNA methylation is the best epigenetic mechanism for explaining the interactions between nutrients and genes involved in intrauterine growth and development programming. A possible contributor of methylation abnormalities to congenital heart disease is the folate methy-lation regulatory pathway; however, the mechanisms and methylation patterns of VSD-associated genes are not fully understood. Objective: To determine if maternal dietary intake of folic acid (FA) is related to the methylation status (MS) of VSD-associated genes (AXIN1, MTHFR, TBX1, and TBX20). Methods: Prospective case–control study; 48 mothers and their children were evaluated. The mothers’ dietary variables were collected through a food frequency questionnaire focusing on FA and the consumption of supplements with FA. The MS of promoters of genes was determined in the children. Results: The intake of FA supplements was significantly higher in the control mothers. In terms of maternal folic acid consumption, significant differences were found in the first trimester of pregnancy. Significant differences were observed in the MS of MTHFR and AXIN1 genes in VSD and control children. A correlation between maternal FA supplementation and MS of AXIN1 and TBX20 genes was found in control and VSD children, respectively. Conclusions: A lower MS of AXIN1 genes and a higher MS of TBX20 genes is associated with FA maternal supplementation.
Whole exome sequencing is the minimal technological approach in probands born to consanguineous couples; We report on two siblings suffering from different pathogenic conditions, born to con-sanguineous parents. A multigene panel for brain malformations and microcephaly identified the homozygous splicing variant NM_005886.3:c.1416+1del in the KATNB1 gene in the older sister. On the other hand, exome sequencing revealed the homozygous frameshift variant NM_005245.4:c.9729del in the FAT1 gene in the younger sister, who had a more complex phenotype: in addition to bilateral anophthalmia and heart defects, she showed a right split foot with 4 toes, 5 metacarpals, second toe duplication and preaxial polydactyly on the right hand. These features have been never reported before in patients with pathogenic FAT1 variants and support the role of this gene in the development of limb buds. Notably, each parent was heterozygous for both of these variants, which were ultra-rare and rare, respectively. This study raises awareness about the value of using whole exome/genome sequencing rather than targeted gene panels when testing affected offspring born to consanguineous couples. In this way, exomic data from the parents are also made available for carrier screening, to identify heterozygous pathogenetic and likely pathogenetic variants in genes responsible for other recessive conditions, which may pose a risk for subsequent pregnancies.
Aortic isthmus Doppler in normal and small-for-gestational-age fetuses and its association with prediction of adverse perinatal outcome; Objective: To establish reference ranges for aortic isthmus Doppler indices in appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) fetusesand to evaluate its association with perinatal outcome in small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses. Methods: Prospective cohort observational study in which 30 pregnant women with SGA fetuses and 60 women with AGA fetuses were recruited from the prenatal clinic of the hospital. The AGA group was eventually followed from 24 weeks by 4-weekly Doppler assessment, and the SGA group was examined as per institutional protocol. We analyzed the data using STATA version 14.0 statistical software. Continuous variables were examined for normality assumption using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test. To develop a nomogram for appropriate gestational age, we adopted a mixed linear model analysis. For each of the variables Ao pulsatility index (PI), Ao peak systolic velocity (PSV), Ao systolic nadir (Ns), and Ao isthmic systolic index (ISI) mean predicted values, 3rd centile and 97th centile were calculated based on the parameter estimation of mixed model. Observed data for each of the variables in the SGA group were plotted in the nomogram developed for the AGA group to show the trend of SGA data in comparison to AGA data. Results: The total number of observations made on 60 AGA and 30 SGA fetuses were 240 and 67, respectively. Nomograms for the 3rd and 97th centiles were derived for Ao PI, Ao PSV, Ao Ns, and Ao ISI. Mean Ao PI values were significantly higher in SGA group (2.37 vs 2.22; P <.05); mean Ao PSV was significantly lower in the SGA group (67.1 vs 76.3; P <.05), but mean Ao Ns and mean Ao ISI values were significantly higher in the SGA group (–5.24 vs 2.0 and –0.04 vs –0.01; P <.05). Conclusions: Aortic Doppler assessment seems to provide beneficial information for monitoring small fetuses. Ao PI and Ao ISI, which were raised in fetuses with SGA, can be used in prognosis.
Core outcomes in gestational diabetes for treatment trials: The Gestational Metabolic Group treatment set; Aims: With the rising number of outcomes being reported following gestational diabetes (GDM), the outcomes in existing studies vary widely making it challenging to compare and contrast the effectiveness of different interventions for GDM. The purpose of this study was to develop a core outcome and measurement set (COS) for GDM treatment trials. Materials & Methods: A Delphi study with structured consultation with stakeholders and discussion within a specialist Gestational Metabolic Group (GEM) were combined with a comprehensive systematic search across different databases (PubMed, Cochrane Library, and Embase). Several Delphi rounds over 2 years were conducted culminating in this report. Results: The process resulted in a targeted set of outcomes constituting a “GEM treatment set” aligned with expert opinion. The final COS also included a measurement set for the 11 important clinical outcomes from three major domains: maternal metabolic, fetal, and pregnancy related. Conclusions: Based on the results of this study, it is recommended that future clinical trials on GDM report outcomes uniformly keeping to the recommended COS outcomes.
Prenatally diagnosed omphaloceles: Report of 92 cases and association with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome; Objective: Describe the prevalence, perinatal and long-term outcomes of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) among prenatally detected omphaloceles. Methods: All prenatally diagnosed omphaloceles from 2010 to 2015 within a single tertiary care centre were identified. An echocardiogram and detailed fetal ultrasound were performed, and amniocentesis was offered with karyotype/microarray analysis and BWS molecular testing. Perinatal, neonatal, and long-term outcomes were retrieved for BWS cases. Results: Among 92 omphaloceles, 62 had additional anomalies. Abnormal karyotypes were identified in 23/62 (37%) non-isolated and 2/30 (7%) isolated cases. One BWS case (5%) was identified among non-isolated omphaloceles and six BWS cases (37.5%) were identified among isolated omphaloceles after exclusion of aneuploidy. Among 19 BWS cases, 21% were conceived by ART. All omphaloceles underwent primary closure. Prenatally, macrosomia and polyhydramnios were seen in 42%. Macroglossia and nephromegaly were more commonly detected postnatally. Preterm birth occurred in 10/19 (53%) cases and cesarean deliveries were performed in 7/19 (40%) cases. Overall mortality was 20% (4/19). Embryonal tumors were diagnosed in 2/16 (12.5%) children, and neurodevelopmental outcomes were normal in 9/12 (75%) survivors. Conclusions: After excluding aneuploidy, BWS was identified in 37.5% and 5% of isolated and non-isolated omphaloceles, respectively. Omphaloceles were small-moderate size with good long-term surgical and neurodevelopmental outcomes when isolated.
Amniotic fluid embolism – Implementation of international diagnosis criteria and subsequent pregnancy recurrence risk; Objectives: An international diagnostic criterion for amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) diagnosis has recently been published. Data regarding subsequent pregnancies is scarce. We sought to implement recent diagnostic criteria and detail subsequent pregnancies in survivors. Methods: A case series of all suspected AFE cases at a tertiary medical center between 2003 and 2018 is presented. Cases meeting the diagnostic criteria for AFE were included. Clinical presentation, treatment, and outcomes described. Pregnancy outcomes in subsequent pregnancies in AFE survivors detailed. Results: Between 2003 and 2018 14 women were clinically suspected with AFE and 12 of them (85.71%) met the diagnostic criteria for AFE. Three cases occurred during midtrimester dilation and evacuation procedures, and the remaining occurred in the antepartum period. Of the antepartum cases, mode of delivery was cesarean delivery or vacuum extraction for expedited delivery due to presentation of AFE in 8/9 cases (88.88%). Clinical presentation included cardiovascular collapse, respiratory distress and disseminated intravascular coagulopathy (DIC). Heart failure of varying severity was diagnosed in 75% (9/12) cases. Composite maternal morbidity was 5/12 (41.66%), without cases of maternal mortality. 11 subsequent pregnancies occurred in four AFE survivors. Pregnant women were followed by a high-risk pregnancy specialist and multidisciplinary team if pregnancy continued beyond the early second trimester. Six pregnancies resulted in a term delivery. No recurrences of AFE were documented. Conclusions: Use of a diagnostic criterion for diagnosis of AFE results in a more precise diagnosis of AFE. Nevertheless, the accuracy of clinical diagnosis is still high. Subsequent pregnancies were not associated with AFE recurrence.
Persistence of abnormal global longitudinal strain in women with peripartum cardiomyopathy; Objectives: Data regarding the longitudinal relationship of global longitudinal strain (GLS) and echocardiographic parameters are lacking in peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). We evaluated GLS and its correlation with change (∆) in left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Methods: We retrospectively identified women age ≥16 years hospitalized at Montefiore Medical Center in Bronx, NY from 1999-2015 with International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 9th revision codes for PPCM or an occurrence of unexplained heart failure during or up to 5 months postpartum. N = 195 charts were reviewed for inclusion/exclusion criteria, n = 53 patients met criteria for PPCM, and of those, n = 13 had a baseline and follow-up echocardiogram suitable for GLS analysis. Results: Of those eligible for strain analysis, the mean age was 30 ± 6 years, 46.2% identified as Black and 38.5% as Hispanic/Latina. Baseline LVEF was 30 (25, 35)%, GLS was −13.2 (−14, −7.6)%. At a mean follow-up time of 1.2 ± 0.7 years, 11/13 had persistently mild −15.6 (−16.3, −12.7)%, and 2/13 severely abnormal GLS −7.05 (−7.1, −7.0)%. There was no correlation between baseline GLS and ∆LVEF (r =.014, P =.965). Conclusions: Global longitudinal strain is a sensitive method to identify subclinical myocardial dysfunction. In this series of women with PPCM, GLS remained persistently abnormal over time, even if LVEF improved. Future studies should examine the implication of persistently abnormal GLS in PPCM.
Clinical report: Alveolar capillary dysplasia without misalignment of pulmonary veins, hyperinflammation, megalocornea and overgrowth – Association with a homozygous 2bp-insertion in LTBP2?; We present a male infant with alveolar capillary dysplasia without misalignment of pulmonary veins, hyperinflammation, megalocornea and macrosomia/macrocephaly at birth. Whole-exome sequencing revealed a homozygous 2bp-insertion in the latent transforming growth factor-beta binding protein 2 (LTBP2) (c.278_279dup, p.(Ser94Glyfs*187)). So far, LTBP2-variants have been frequently reported with an eye-restricted phenotype including primary congenital glaucoma and megalocornea/microspherphakia and ectopia lentis with/without secondary glaucoma. Hitherto reported systemic phenotypes showed, among others, features as tall stature, finger anomalies, high-arched palate and cardiovascular anomalies. The main pathophysiological finding of our patient was an alveolar capillary dysplasia (with pulmonary arterial hypertension and right ventricular impairment but without misalignment of pulmonary veins) resulting in almost continuous oxygen demand and prolonged dependence on mechanical ventilation. He died of respiratory failure at the age of seven months. This patient may extend the LTBP2-related phenotype with resulting diagnostic implications.
Maternal medicine in the COVID era; The coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) pandemic has directly and indirectly impacted pregnant women with co-morbidities or antenatal medical complications, through vulnerability to the severe effects of COVID-19 and service reconfiguration. Women with diabetes or hypertension in pregnancy are at higher risk of admission to intensive care, need for invasive ventilation and death from COVID-19. Suggested service modifications specific to maternal medicine services include home measurement of blood glucose or blood pressure, the use of risk calculators, adaptations to screening criteria for gestational diabetes and monitoring of obstetric cholestasis. Neither the added risk of COVID-19 on pregnant women with medical comorbidities nor the impact of maternal medicine service modifications has yet been established.
Diabetes in pregnancy 100years after the discovery of insulin: Hot topics and open questions to be addressed in the coming years; By making it possible for women with diabetes to achieve their family planning goals, the discovery of insulin ushered in the field of diabetes in pregnancy. The ensuing century has witnessed tremendous advances, with clinical focus on preconception planning and maternal glycemic control making successful pregnancy an achievable goal. Currently, the global epidemic of overweight/obesity has led to maternal hyperglycemia now affecting one in every six pregnancies worldwide, prompting intense research interest. Topics of particular interest include (i) the optimal approach to diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); (ii) the emergence of GDM as a chronic metabolic disorder identifying future risk of non-communicable disease; (iii) the transgenerational impact of maternal glycemia as per the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease; and (iv) the application of new technology for optimizing clinical management. These topics have raised exciting questions such as (i) whether the treatment of diabetes in pregnancy can impact growth/development in childhood, (ii) whether GDM can be prevented, and (iii) whether the diagnosis of GDM could facilitate the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Indeed, this field may be on the precipice of a golden era of new concepts and evidence to optimize the health of mother and child.
Standardized Postpartum Follow-Up for Women with Pregnancy Complications: Barriers to Access and Perceptions of Maternal Cardiovascular Risk; Objective: Certain obstetrical complications are known to increase a woman's risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). The Maternal Health Clinic (MHC) provides postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling and follow-up; however, half of women referred do not attend. This study aimed to identify barriers to access, as well as whether attendance at the MHC improved the accuracy of patients’ CVD risk perception. Methods: MHC patients completed a CVD risk perception questionnaire prior to being assessed and 3 months after their appointment (“attendees”). Calculated lifetime CVD risk scores were compared with perceived risk to assess accuracy of risk perception. Patients who did not attend their MHC appointment (“non-attendees”) were administered the questionnaire by phone and asked about perceived barriers to access. Results: Sixty-seven of 137 eligible attendees (48.9%) completed both the pre- and post-MHC questionnaires. Significantly more participants accurately estimated their absolute CVD risk after their MHC appointment, although the majority continued to underestimate their risk. Among non-attendees, 81 of 130 women (62.3%) completed the questionnaire. The most common barriers to access cited were being too busy with childcare, accessing follow-up with the patient's family doctor instead, and difficulty attending their appointment. Conclusion: Lack of time and inconvenience were two common barriers to accessing the MHC. Improved collaboration with primary care providers and use of telemedicine may help to mitigate these issues. Both attendees and non-attendees appeared to have an inadequate perception of CVD risk. Standardized postpartum CVD risk screening and counselling may be an effective method of providing these women with risk education and improving the accuracy of their risk perception.
P.129 Acute starvation ketoacidosis in third trimester with COVID-19; Introduction: Non-diabetic ketoacidosis has been reported in pregnancy and is often associated with emergency caesarean delivery. We present a case of a multiparous woman with profound starvation ketoacidosis in the third trimester. She responded well to treatment and underwent spontaneous vaginal delivery two weeks later. Case Report: A 39-year-old woman (G11 P9+1) of 36 weeks gestation presented to the emergency department with a 5-day history of fevers, malaise and poor oral intake secondary to nausea and dysphagia. She was tachypnoeic (24 breaths/min) and tachycardic (130 beats/min) with normal oxygen saturations on air. She had no history of gestational diabetes, vomiting, or intentional drug overdose. Her admission venous blood gas was pH 7.19, HCO 3 11.4, BE -14.8, lactate 1.5. The calculated anion gap was 19. Serum salicylate, paracetamol and ethanol levels were undetectable. Urinary ketones were ++++. Other blood tests were within normal range apart from a slightly raised ALT (56 U/L) and ALP 199 U/L) but preserved liver synthetic function. Joint medical, obstetric and anaesthetic review deemed starvation ketoacidosis. [Formula presented] She was commenced with IV and oral bicarbonate replacement. This initially improved the pH, however ketones and anion gap were stagnant. Infusion of 10% glucose, alongside potassium replacement then resolved the ketoacidosis and tachycardia. Concurrently she had a positive SARS-CoV-2 with CXR findings. She had a negative CTPA and an unremarkable transthoracic echocardiogram. On Day 3, she developed refeeding syndrome with phosphate 0.36. IV replacement was commenced and dietitian review ensued. Daily CTGs were unremarkable. She was discharged on Day 5, and returned for a spontaneous vaginal delivery two weeks later. Discussion: It is rare to see a significant acute starvation ketoacidosis in previously healthy young women. It may be seen in pregnancy, particularly in the third trimester, when women develop an increasing insulin resistance and tendency to ketosis. A case series of pregnant women in the third trimester with COVID-19 from Wuhan reported a high proportion (11 of 16) had significant ketonuria.1 It seems likely that the anorexia associated with COVID-19 can put susceptible patients, like ours, at risk of profound acidosis. Starvation ketoacidosis resolves with intravenous glucose replacement. Treatment may avoid the need for operative delivery whilst the woman is unstable and acidotic. It is also important to monitor and replace potassium, magnesium, phosphate and calcium, as refeeding syndrome can develop after only short periods of starvation.
P.157 Emergent acute kidney injury during labour; Introduction: We describe an unusual presentation of acute kidney injury (AKI) during labour in a woman with no previous renal pathology or obvious precipitating causes. Case Report: A 20-year-old primigravida weighing 140 kg (BMI 51 kg/m2) was admitted to maternity unit at 39+5 weeks’ gestation in spontaneous labour. She had diet-controlled gestational diabetes and her baby was large for gestational age. She had history of recurrent urinary tract infections during pregnancy, but was otherwise well. Aspirin 75 mg had been stopped 3 days before admission. Initial observations were normal and fetal heart rate was normal. Labour progressed slowly and the woman was considered for oxytocin augmentation. As per guidelines for sodium monitoring before oxytocin infusion, blood biochemistry was taken.1 Urea, creatinine and electrolytes, were all within normal range. The oxytocin infusion was delayed until the anaesthetist was able to site epidural a few hours later. Poor urinary output despite a positive fluid balance was noted and the woman had not passed urine output for a number of hours. She was assessed regarding fluid status, evidence of infection or preeclampsia. She was haemodynamically stable, capillary refill was [Formula presented] sec, temperature 37.9 °C. The fetal heart rate remained normal. An IV fluid bolus was prescribed and serum biochemistry repeated. Creatinine rose from 54 to 124 [Formula presented]ol/L in 6 h. Urea increased to 5.7 from 3.1 mmol/L. A further fluid bolus was given and her catheter flushed to ensure patency. Ultrasound revealed an empty bladder. Creatinine rose further to 184 [Formula presented]ol/L and urea to 6.7 mmol/L. Her lactate was normal. Examination revealed cervical dilatation of 8 cm with the baby in an OP position with caput and moulding. Malposition of baby was possibly causing bilateral ureteric obstruction resulting in anuria and AKI. Senior obstetricians were, however, initially reluctant to perform emergency caesarean section as the fetal heart rate was normal and because of the woman’s high BMI. The renal team performed a bedside ultrasound scan of the kidneys which gave the impression of bilateral prominent calyces. The decision was made for emergency caesarean section. Creatinine was now 205 [Formula presented]ol/L, and estimated GFR 29, 12 h after a normal baseline. Caesarean section was performed under spinal anaesthesia and delivery of baby was uneventful. No obvious renal tract abnormalities were noted. By the end of the operation 200 mL of urine was present in urinary catheter. The patient continued a normal diuresis with renal indices returning to baseline within 48 h. Discussion: Anuria and AKI are key to prompt diagnosis of post-renal obstructive uropathy. Acute renal failure due obstructive uropathy by the gravid uterus is a rare cause in pregnancy, and management with amniotomy or urinary-by pass techniques such as nephrostomy or stents have been reported.2 However, this may be unsuitable during labour. Early diagnosis and delivery by caesarean section may halt worsening renal function and morbidity.
P.124 Ruptured renal artery aneurysm in pregnancy; Introduction: Renal artery aneurysms (RAA) during pregnancy are rare and associated with high mortality for mother and fetus. This case involves a woman presenting in late pregnancy with sudden onset abdominal pain and cardiovascular collapse. Case Report: This case involves a 38-year-old woman with a past history of a renal transplant in 2018 for IgA nephropthy, hypertension and gestational diabetes. She was taking methyldopa, metformin, tacrolimus, aspirin, lansoprazole, folic acid and prednisolone. Due to deteriorating renal function (urea 8.3 mmol/L, creatinine 156 [Formula presented]ol/L), a plan was made for early induction of labour. However, she presented acutely to labour ward at 34+6 weeks, pale and drowsy, with severe abdominal pain. The provisional diagnosis was of placental abruption. A rapid bedside USS showed no evidence of intra- uterine bleeding, but a sustained fetal bradycardia resulted in a decision for a category 1 caesarean section. A major obstetric haemorrhage was declared which was complicated by the requirement for irradiated blood products. Given the uncertainty of the diagnosis and the potential need for laparotomy, the decision was made for general anaesthesia: induction and intubation were uneventful. The patient was actively warmed. Resuscitation comprised 2.5L crystalloid, RBC 6 units, FFP 4 units, fibrinogen concentrate 2 g and tranexamic acid 1g. On opening the abdomen, 700 mL of extra- uterine blood was found and a male infant successfully delivered by caesarean section. There was no evidence of placental abruption. The neonate required extensive resuscitation and immediate transfusion. The woman remained stable throughout. Serial TEG were used to guide blood product replacement. After intra-uterine haemostasis, exploration of the source of fresh bleeding in the abdomen revealed a large retroperitoneal haematoma. The patient was urgently transferred to interventional radiology where angiography revealed an active haemorrhage from a large (3.5 cm) left mid RAA in the patient’s native kidney. The intraparenchymal aneurysm was embolised with a plug to the feeding vessel proximally. Of note, three splenic aneurysms were also identified but were not treated at this time. The patient was extubated uneventfully and, after a short stay in HDU, made a full recovery. She was discharged home 11 days later awaiting MDT discussion of the remaining aneurysms. Discussion: This case was complicated by the need for irradiated blood products which were issued without delay as a result of repeated antenatal sampling due to her renal comorbidity. Visceral artery aneuryms are rare (0.01 -0.1% incidence) Acute rupture in pregnancy is catastrophic, resulting in significant mortality to the mother and fetus (70 - 75% and 95%, respectively). RAA are most likely to rupture during the third trimester. This is thought to be due to haemodynamic and hormonal changes.1 RAA should be considered as a differential diagnosis in pregnant women presenting with abdominal pain and haemodynamic instability in order to facilitate early diagnosis and immediate intervention.
Associations of body composition and physical fitness with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in pregnancy: Results from the HealthyMoms trial; The aim of this study was to examine associations of body composition (fat mass index, % fat mass, fat-free mass index, body mass index) and physical fitness (cardiorespiratory fitness and handgrip strength) with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health in early pregnancy. This cross-sectional study utilized baseline data (n = 303) collected in early pregnancy from the HealthyMoms trial. Body composition was measured using air-displacement plethysmography, cardiorespiratory fitness was assessed by means of the 6-min walk test and handgrip strength using a dynamometer. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) for gestational diabetes as well as high (defined as 1 SD above the mean) blood pressure, homeostatic model assessment for insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), and metabolic syndrome score (MetS score) per 1 SD increase in body composition and fitness variables. Fat mass index, % fat mass and body mass index were all strongly associated with gestational diabetes (ORs: 1.72–2.14, P ≤ 0.003), HOMA-IR (ORs: 3.01–3.80, P < 0.001), blood pressure (ORs: 1.81–2.05, P < 0.001) and MetS score (ORs: 3.29–3.71, P < 0.001). Associations with fat-free mass index were considerably weaker (ORs: 1.26–1.82, P = 0.001–0.15) and were strongly attenuated after adjustments for fat mass index (ORs: 0.88–1.54, P = 0.039–0.68). Finally, greater cardiorespiratory fitness was associated with lower risk of high HOMA-IR and MetS score (ORs: 0.57–0.63, P ≤ 0.004) although these associations were attenuated when accounting for fat mass index (ORs: 1.08-1.11, P ≥ 0.61). In conclusion, accurately measured fat mass index or % fat mass were strongly associated with gestational diabetes risk and markers of cardiovascular health although associations were not stronger than the corresponding ones for body mass index. Fat-free mass index had only weak associations with gestational diabetes and cardiovascular health which support that the focus during clinical care would be on excess fat mass and not fat-free mass.
The Association of Lactation Duration with Visceral and Pericardial Fat Volumes in Parous Women: The CARDIA Study; Background: Lactation is associated with lower risks for cardiovascular disease in women. Organ-related adiposity, which plays significant roles in the development of cardiometabolic diseases, could help explain this observation. We evaluated the association of lactation duration with visceral (VAT) and pericardial (PAT) fat volumes in women. Methods: Data were obtained from 910 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study (1985-1986) without diabetes prior to pregnancy who had ≥1 birth during 25 years of follow-up and had VAT and PAT measured from computed tomographic scans in 2010-2011. Cumulative lactation duration across all births since baseline was calculated from self-reports collected at periodic exams. Results: At baseline, the average age of women (48% black, 52% white) was 24 ± 3.7 years. After controlling for baseline age, race, smoking status, body mass index, fasting glucose, family history of diabetes, fat intake, total cholesterol, physical activity, and follow-up covariates (parity, gestational diabetes), the mean fat volumes across categories of lactation [none (n = 221), 1-5 months (n = 306), 6-11 months (n = 210), and ≥12 months (n = 173)] were 122.0, 113.7 105.0, and 110.1 cm3 for VAT and 52.2, 46.7, 44.5, and 43.4 cm3 for PAT, respectively. Changes in body weight from the first post-baseline birth to the end of follow-up mediated 21% and 18% of the associations of lactation with VAT and PAT, respectively. Conclusions: In this prospective study, longer cumulative lactation duration was associated with lower VAT and PAT volumes, with weight gain partially mediating these associations.
Effect of short duration moderate intensity physical activity on glycemic control and antioxidant status of prediabetic population; Objectives: To determine the effect of moderate-intensity physical activity on glycemic control and antioxidant status in the prediabetic population. Methods: This experimental study was carried out in the Physiology Department, Institute of Basic Medical Sciences, Khyber Medical University, Peshawar, Pakistan. A total of 50 adult prediabetic subjects having 22 females and 28 males with the age range of 18 to 35 years were included. Diagnosis of prediabetes Original Article was made by glycated hemoglobin falling in the range of 5.7-6.4%, and impaired fasting glucose (100-125 mg/dL). Anthropometric measurements and biochemical assays were carried out at pre and post-exercise intervention. The participants performed moderate exercise of 30 min with heart rate max 7% ± 5% for 5 days a week for 8 weeks, monitored with pedometer. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was carried out for individual and total antioxidants. Results: Anthropometric parameters showed a significant decrease at post-exercise analysis. Similar changes were observed for fasting glucose (p<0.001) and glycated hemoglobin (p<0.001). Slight increase in uric acid (p<0.005) and total antioxidant concentration (p<0.001) were found. However, superoxide dismutase, glutathione peroxidase, vitamin C, and nitric oxide decreased (p<0.001). Conclusion: Moderate physical activity for 8 weeks significantly reduced the individual antioxidant levels, nominal increase in total antioxidant capacity and uric acid, and there was an explicit decline in the anthropometric and diabetic profile of prediabetic population.
Preeclampsia and Baby Complications Correlated to High-Risk Score for Obstructive Sleep Apnea Screen by STOP-Bang Questionnaire; Background: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) has been postulated as a risk factor for adverse maternal-fetal outcomes, especially preeclampsia. The physiological changes during pregnancy predispose a woman “at risk” towards developing OSA. Therefore, incidence of OSA may increase among pregnant population. STOP-Bang has been postulated as an acceptable screening tool for OSA in obstetric population. Objective: To identify the correlation between preeclampsia and patients who were at risk of OSA, based on STOP-Bang, Berlin, and Epworth sleepiness scale. Materials and Methods: A diagnostic prediction research was conducted using cross-sectional approach. Patients, who have STOP-Bang score of 3 or more and less than 3, were categorized as high-risk and low-risk for OSA, respectively. The relationship between high-risk OSA patients and preeclampsia were evaluated using logistic regression. Results: Seven hundred and three patients were included, and 47 patients (6.7%) were diagnosed preeclampsia. Six hundred fifty and 53 patients were classified as low-risk and high-risk for OSA, respectively. Fifty percent of the high-risk group were complicated with preeclampsia compared with 2.8% in low-risk group. The odd ratio (OR) of having preeclampsia in high-risk group was 32.6 (95% CI 16.1 to 66.1). The pregnant women, classified as high-risk, were associated with neonatal complications by OR 3.4 (95% CI 1.4 to 8.2) but not maternal complications. Conclusion: Among pregnant population, a STOP-Bang score of 3 or more is associated with the occurrence of preeclampsia and neonatal complications.
Neonatal Parotitis: A case report; The following is a case report of a 17-day-old female baby, born at 35 weeks' gestation, weighing 2.6 kg. She was brought to us with reluctance to feed, swelling over the left side of her face and a fever documented at 102oF, along with an erythematous, tender, localised swelling over the left pre-auricular region that measured 2 x 1.5 cm in size. Diagnostic workup and ultrasound findings were consistent with parotitis; however, her blood culture was negative. The patient was managed on antibiotics but subsequently, developed a nosocomial infection while she was admitted in the hospital, which prolonged her hospital stay to a total of 16 days. Nevertheless, she had complete resolution of the signs and symptoms on her follow-up visit. Acute parotitis should be considered in the differential diagnosis of a neonate presenting with facial swelling, reluctance to feed or incessant crying. Timely and appropriate management can result in good recovery and minimising the potential for complications.
Induction of labor: A comprehensive review; Labor induction rates have more than doubled in the United States over the last two decades. Indications and risk factors for induction of labor are also gaining in popularity. Professional organizations such as the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and The Joint Commission have taken steps to discourage elective induction of labor prior to 39 weeks' gestation and have defined new terms such as early-term, full-term, late-term, and postterm gestation to assist clinicians in determining the appropriate timing of birth for specified indications. Induction of labor carries the risk of harm to both the mother and her fetus. The cost of inducing labor and its influence on the health care system are a major source of worry. Women's education and the shared decision-making process used to get informed permission are critical elements in lowering early elective deliveries. The use of scheduling forms, hard stop procedures, induction of labor indication tools, and informed consents may assist the provider in reducing overdiagnosis, overtreatment, and disease creep. This article discusses induction of labor trends, medical indications and criteria, related dangers, cost and health system impact, and measures to reduce induction of labor.
Birth weight discordance and neonatal outcomes in uncomplicated twin pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between birth weight discordance (BWD) and neonatal outcomes in uncomplicated twin pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: Uncom­plicated twin pregnancy was defined as without major anomaly, intrauterine fetal demise, delivery before 24 weeks of gestation, and unique complications of monochorionic twins. Ab-normal umbilical artery Doppler was defined as persistent absence or reverse of end-diastolic flow. Neonatal death was death within 28 days after delivery. A poor neonatal outcome was defined as a fetus with neona­tal death, severe respiratory distress, hemodynamically significant patent ductal arteriosus, or intraventricular hemorrhage more than grade II. RESULTS: A total of 864 uncomplicated twins who were delivered at Linkou Chang Gung Memorial Hospital from 2012 to 2018 were included in this study. Gestational age of delivery and abnormal umbilical artery Doppler of the smaller twin are the 2 variables in predicting neonatal death. BWD was found as an independent factor to foretell poor neonatal outcomes of the smaller fetus but not the larger twin in a twin pair. With BWD >25%, the smaller fetus has a higher incidence of having poor neo­natal outcomes than does the larger fetus. CONCLUSION: Increasing BWD is associated with the poor neonatal outcome of the smaller twin, and BWD >25% could be considered as severe discordance in un-complicated twin pregnancies.
Acute dengue fever in a neonate secondary to perinatal transmission; Background: Dengue in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, including perinatal transmission. Case report: We report a case of neonatal dengue in a baby born to a 29-year-old primigravida at 38 weeks of gestation. She developed acute dengue fever 2 days prior to delivery. Her dengue nonstructural protein 1 antigen was reactive. She delivered a term baby girl via spontaneous vaginal delivery. Her fever persisted in the post-partum period which was associated with post-partum hemorrhage, altered coagulation, and liver function. She was clinically diagnosed to have hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis complicated with disseminated intravascular coagulation and treated with intravenous (IV) dexamethasone and multiple blood products, including fresh frozen plasma and platelet concentrate. She recovered in over the next 5 days. The baby girl was born with a birth weight of 3040g and developed fever on the third day of life with poor perfusion, associated with mottling and hypotension. The baby was treated with IV fluids, inotropes, and supportive care. The fever subsided after 48 h, along with clinical improvement, but continued with thrombocytopenia. The baby did not have any bleeding. Platelet recovery started on the 11thpostnatal day (i.e., the 8thday of illness), and platelet count was normalized at 2 weeks. Dengue serology immunoglobulin M by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay was positive for both mother and baby. The clinical diagnosis was confirmed by laboratory tests. Conclusion: Dengue fever in mothers very late in pregnancy can cause symptomatic dengue infection in neonates.
Sars cov-2 infection in a neonate in ghana: A case report; Backgrounds: The clinical and socioeconomic effects of COVID-19 are still being felt through-out the world. The disease affects people of all age groups, but it is known to have a milder clinical course in children including neonates. There is paucity of data from Sub-Saharan Africa on neonatal COVID-19 infection, and no such case has been reported in the literature in Ghana. Case presentation: This study presented a case report of a neonate who was found to be positive for COVID-19 infection after presenting symptoms such as respiratory distress, rhinorrhoea, and cough. This neonate was managed with in-hospital standard protocol for sepsis with a focus on pneumonia. Conclusion: The national guidelines on COVID-19 management were used for the neonate who was recovered and discharged.
How fragile are Mediterranean diet interventions? A research-on-research study of randomised controlled trials; Introduction The Mediterranean diet (MD) is a traditional regional dietary pattern and a healthy diet recommended for the primary and secondary prevention of various diseases and health conditions. Results from the higher level of primary evidence, namely randomised controlled trials (RCTs), are often used to produce dietary recommendations; however, the robustness of RCTs with MD interventions is unknown. Methods A systematic search was conducted and all MD RCTs with dichotomous primary outcomes were extracted from PubMed. The fragility (FI) and the reverse fragility index (RFI) were calculated for the trials with significant and non-significant comparisons, respectively. Results Out of 27 RCTs of parallel design, the majority failed to present a significant primary outcome, exhibiting an FI equal to 0. The median FI of the significant comparisons was 5, ranging between 1 and 39. More than half of the comparisons had an FI <5, indicating that the addition of 1-4 events to the treatment arm eliminated the statistical significance. For the comparisons with an FI=0, the RFI ranged between 1 and 29 (Median RFI: 7). When the included RCTs were stratified according to masking, the use of a composite primary endpoint, sample size, outcome category, or dietary adherence assessment method, no differences were exhibited in the FI and RFI between groups, except for the RFI among different compliance assessment methods. Conclusions In essence, the present study shows that even in the top tiers of evidence hierarchy, research on the MD may lack robustness, setting concerns for the formulation of nutrition recommendations.
Effect of exposure to fine particulate matter during pregnancy and infancy on paediatric allergic rhinitis; Background The effect of prenatal and postnatal exposure to fine particulate matter (PM 2.5) on the development of allergic rhinitis (AR) is poorly understood. We further identified the vulnerable period for AR development to determine methods to decrease adverse effects. Methods We used a large population-based birth cohort of 140 911 singleton live infants in Taichung, Taiwan with a highly temporal-resolution satellite-based hybrid model to evaluate the effects of prenatal and early postnatal exposure on the onset of AR. Results Among 140 911 children, 47 276 (33.55%) were cases of incident AR. The mean age of the children with AR at initial diagnosis was 2.97±1.78 years. We identified a significant association of AR with an interquartile range (IQR 17.98 μg/m 3) increase in PM 2.5 from 30 gestational weeks to 52 weeks after birth. The exposure-response relationship revealed that AR had a significant positive association between PM 2.5 of 26-76 μg/m 3 (adjusted hazard ratios ranged from 1.00 to 1.05). Conclusion Our study provides evidence that both prenatal and postnatal exposures to PM 2.5 are associated with later development of AR. The vulnerable time window may be within late gestation and the first year of life. Further study is required to confirm the vulnerable time period of PM 2.5 on AR.
Association of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Incident Ischemic Heart Disease in Women Veterans; Importance: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with greater risk of ischemic heart disease (IHD) in predominantly male populations or limited community samples. Women veterans represent a growing, yet understudied, population with high levels of trauma exposure and unique cardiovascular risks, but research on PTSD and IHD in this group is lacking. Objective: To determine whether PTSD is associated with incident IHD in women veterans. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this retrospective, longitudinal cohort study of the national Veterans Health Administration (VHA) electronic medical records, the a priori hypothesis that PTSD would be associated with greater risk of IHD onset was tested. Women veterans 18 years or older with and without PTSD who were patients in the VHA from January 1, 2000, to December 31, 2017, were assessed for study eligibility. Exclusion criteria consisted of no VHA clinical encounters after the index visit, IHD diagnosis at or before the index visit, and IHD diagnosis within 90 days of the index visit. Propensity score matching on age at index visit, number of prior visits, and presence of traditional and female-specific cardiovascular risk factors and mental and physical health conditions was conducted to identify women veterans ever diagnosed with PTSD, who were matched in a 1:2 ratio to those never diagnosed with PTSD. Data were analyzed from October 1, 2018, to October 30, 2020. Exposures: PTSD, defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9), or International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision (ICD-10), diagnosis codes from inpatient or outpatient encounters. Main Outcomes and Measures: Incident IHD, defined as new-onset coronary artery disease, angina, or myocardial infarction, based on ICD-9 and ICD-10 diagnosis codes from inpatient or outpatient encounters, and/or coronary interventions based on Current Procedural Terminology codes. Results: A total of 398 769 women veterans, 132923 with PTSD and 265846 never diagnosed with PTSD, were included in the analysis. Baseline mean (SD) age was 40.1 (12.2) years. During median follow-up of 4.9 (interquartile range, 2.1-9.2) years, 4381 women with PTSD (3.3%) and 5559 control individuals (2.1%) developed incident IHD. In a Cox proportional hazards model, PTSD was significantly associated with greater risk of developing IHD (hazard ratio [HR], 1.44; 95% CI, 1.38-1.50). Secondary stratified analyses indicated that younger age identified women veterans with PTSD who were at greater risk of incident IHD. Effect sizes were largest for those younger than 40 years at baseline (HR, 1.72; 95% CI, 1.55-1.93) and decreased monotonically with increasing age (HR for ≥60 years, 1.24; 95% CI, 1.12-1.38). Conclusions and Relevance: This cohort study found that PTSD was associated with increased risk of IHD in women veterans and may have implications for IHD risk assessment in vulnerable individuals.
Neonatal polycythemia associated with nonimmune thrombocytopenia; Background: Neonatal thrombocytopenia is most commonly due to infection or immune-mediated (auto or allo-immune maternal antibodies). Neonatal thrombocytopenia associated with polycythemia is not well established in the literature. Objectives: Report of two cases of polycythemia associated with nonimmune thrombocytopenia. Design/Method: Retrospective chart review, review of laboratory studies, literature review. Results: Case 1: A 3-month-old male infant was delivered at 39 weeks gestational age via caesarean section due to fetal distress to a 19- year-old mother who had diet and exercise controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (A1GDM). Immediately after delivery, he was noted to be severely hypoglycemic (12mg/dl), polycythemic (hemoglobin 24.7g/dl/hematocrit 67.8%) and thrombocytopenic (platelet count 60 000). Hypoglycemia required continuous intravenous dextrose (highest 12.5%), weaned off by 4 days of life. He showed no signs of bleeding.Maternal platelet count was normal. Evaluation for infections and neonatal allo-immune thrombocytopenia were negative. Platelet count (304 000) and hemoglobin (18g/dl) normalized in 3 weeks. Case 2: A 2-month-old male infant was delivered at term via spontaneous vaginal delivery to a 43 year old multiparous mother with A1GDM. On the first day of life, the neonate developed petechiae over his trunk and he was thrombocytopenic (platelet count 78 000) and polycythemic (hemoglobin 23.6 g/dl/hematocrit 66%). He had no bleeding symptoms or other complications. Platelet count (362 000) and hemoglobin (14.8 gm/dl) normalized in 2 weeks. Conclusion: Both cases were infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) born to mothers with normal platelet counts. No interventions were required for the polycythemia or thrombocytopenia in either newborn. Platelet counts normalized after polycythemia resolved. Several hypotheses may explain this relationship between neonatal polycythemia and thrombocytopenia. Similar to intrauterine growth restriction and gestational hypertension, IDM are potentially exposed to chronic intrauterine hypoxia. Chronic hypoxia upregulates erythropoietin production leading to polycythemia andmay inhibit hematopoietic precursor megakaryocyte differentiation, leading to thrombocytopenia (1,2). Since polycythemia increases total blood volume, these infantsmay actually have a relative thrombocytopenia and normal total platelet mass (3). The same hematologic sequelae of chronic hypoxia have been demonstrated in childrenwith cyanotic congenital heart disease, whereby changes in microRNA expression leads to secondary erythrocytosis and thrombocytopenia (4). Clinicians should be aware of this association between polycythemia and thrombocytopenia in infants potentially exposed to chronic intrauterine hypoxia..
The management of obesity in a high prevalence region - an audit; Objective The North East has the highest prevalence of Obesity in England, with County Durham the second highest local authority in rates of obesity related hospital admissions. This audit assesses the management of Obesity in Pregnancy in Darlington Memorial Hospital (DMH) which provides maternity services to the population of Darlington, the largest district in County Durham. Methods This was a retrospective audit which used a standardised proforma to collect data on 40 women with a Body Mass Index (BMI) of over 35 who had delivered at DMH between August 2018 and August 2019. Results BMI ranged from 35.9-65.3. 47.5% of women had a BMI of more than 40 at booking. All women were reviewed at a consultant-led clinic. 95% of patients had risks of obesity discussed at booking. All women were assessed for risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) antenatally and postnatally with prophylaxis appropriately prescribed. 90% had a Glucose Tolerance Test (GTT) at 24 weeks. 19 of 21 patients with a BMI of over 40 had a booking GTT. All with a BMI of over 40 had an anaesthetic review. All had appropriate intrapartum management including active management of the third stage of labour. 18% of patients were not re-weighed antenatally. The most frequent complication was post-partum haemorrhage, followed by failed induction, fetal growth restriction and gestational diabetes. The most common mode of delivery was Caesarean Section (55%) followed by normal vaginal delivery (42.5%) and instrumental delivery (2.5%). Conclusions Reweighing of patients and discussion of risks require improvement. Staff education, review of the Trust Obesity Proforma and re-audit are imperative in improving care.
Maternal cardiovascular adaption to pregnancy in women with previous bariatric surgery; Background/objective As the obesity epidemic grows, bariatric surgery (BS) is becoming more common in the management of obesity. Outside of pregnancy BS is known to have several positive cardiovascular implications, not only through weight loss, but also mediated through the cardioenteric axis. In pregnancy, the cardiovascular adaption is vital in maintaining a healthy pregnancy and maladaptation has been associated with hypertensive disease. Studies have shown that late pre-eclampsia is associated with a high cardiac output in the pre-clinical and clinical phase. Pregnancy after bariatric surgery associated with a reduced risk of hypertensive disorders. Nevertheless, the maternal cardiovascular system after bariatric surgery has not been previously investigated. Design/method This was a prospective, observational, longitudinal study. Participants were seen at three time points in pregnancy; 12-14, 20-24 and 30-32 weeks. Women with previous BS were compared to women without surgery but with similar early pregnancy and also matched for maternal age, race and gestational diabetes. At each time point blood pressure (BP) was measured twice and the mean value was recorded. Maternal cardiac function was assessed using transthoracic echocardiography. Multilevel linear mixed-effects models were used for all the comparisons. Results The study included 41 pregnant women with and 41 without previous BS. Overall, the maternal systolic and diastolic BP, heart rate and cardiac output were lower in the post-BS women compared to the no-surgery group (P < 0.01 for all comparisons). There was no significant difference in ejection fraction between groups, however, there was lower global longitudinal (P < 0.01) and circumferential strain in the post-bariatric group (P = 0.02), suggesting better systolic function. There was evidence of more optimal diastolic indices in the post-BS group with a higher E/A ratio (P = 0.001), TDI E' lateral (P = 0.01)/septal (P = 0.03) and lower left atrial volume (P < 0.05). Conclusions Our findings suggest a more optimal cardiovascular adaption to pregnancy in women after BS. As our groups were matched for early pregnancy BMI, it is unlikely that the improved maternal cardiac performance is due solely to the weight loss and indicates influence from the metabolic alterations as a result of the surgery. Studies of pregnancy after bariatric surgery report lower rates of pre-eclampsia. The reasons of this improvement are largely unknown. Bariatric surgery is associated with a lower maternal cardiac output and BP, it would be reasonable to postulate that these haemodynamic alterations play an important role in the lower prevalence of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy reported in this population.
Supraventricular tachycardia as a post COVID infection complication in pregnancy; Objective To bring awareness of the need to contribute to the limited amount of information regarding maternal post COVID-19 complications and highlight a case of supraventricular tachycardia in pregnancy post COVID-19 infection. Case report A 31-year-old female G2P1 at 27 weeks gestation presented to hospital with a 2-day history of headache unrelieved with analgesics. Her antenatal course was complicated by gestational diabetes, positive RPR test and recent diagnosis of Severe COVID-19 infection with Type 2 respiratory failure at 24 weeks gestation of which she received an appropriate regime of antibiotics, steroids, and chronic medication. On presentation, patient noted experiencing an episode of vomiting with subsequent palpitations and was found to have tenderness about the frontal and maxillary sinuses, an irregular heartbeat prompting an electrocardiogram that identified atrial fibrillation with rapid ventricular response. Shortly after, patient became diaphoretic and subsequent attachment of cardiac monitor identified supraventricular tachycardia (140-200s) with hemodynamic stability prompting a consult to Internal Medicine service. Patient was commenced on appropriate regime of a calcium channel and later a beta blocker. She also received deep venous thrombus prophylaxis. All blood investigations and fetal assessments remained in normal limits. Heart rate normalization was achieved on day 6 of admission and echocardiogram results were normal. Prior to discharge, patient was suspected to have a deep vein thrombus following complaints of pain to upper part of right leg but same was ruled out with Doppler study. Discharge medication was given along with advice to ensure delivery is facilitated in a tertiary level institution to minimize any possible negative outcome. Conclusion Maternal post COVID-19 complications is an area of particular interest in the field of obstetrics and gynecology with significant importance to those involved with guideline and protocol development. Cardiac manifestations of COVID-19 infection can have life-threatening ramifications if not identified early and subsequently treated. Those involved with obstetric patient management must have a high degree of suspicion for these complications as COVID-19 infection can add further strain to a cardiovascular system still undergoing dynamic changes. Further research on maternal post COVID-19 complications is encouraged, especially if more cases of supraventricular tachycardia are recognized.
A rare case of brain tumor in the third trimester of pregnancy; Tolosa-Hunt syndrome (THS) is a rare steroid-responsive etiology for painful ophthalmoplegia which is caused by idiopathic granulomatous inflammation in the carotid artery or cavernous sinus. The estimated annual incidence is one case per million per year. It is characterized by unilateral orbital pain associated with paresis of one or more of the cranial nerves, commonly leading to diplopia. We reported current case to highlight on the challenges of the diagnosis and treatment of a rare brain tumor in pregnancy. A 43-year-old Emirati female, G11P7A3, previous vaginal deliveries, presented at 38 weeks of pregnancy to emergency department with a 6 weeks history of chronic headaches, left sided facial numbness, ptosis and blurry of vision with recent MRI brain showing pituitary tumor with possible left cavernous sinus thrombosis. Her pregnancy was uneventful complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) controlled by diet. Reported a similar attack which was treated with steroids in 2014 besides previous right bell's palsy with mild residual right facial weakness more than ten years ago associated with migraines spells. Clinical findings included left eye ptosis, partial left abducens nerve palsy, right facial weakness with a significant elevation of prolactin level, a slight elevation in erythrocytes sedimentation rate and C-reactive protein level. MRI brain revealed a pituitary tumor with an abnormal signal of soft tissue fullness within the cavernous sinus extending toward superior orbital fissure and narrowing of the left internal carotid with displacement of both optic nerves medially, with no evidence of cavernous sinus thrombosis. In view of that, there was highly suspicion of THS. Subsequently, patient underwent cesarean section delivery with bilateral tubal ligation under spinal anesthesia with good fetal outcome and commenced on a high intravenous dose of steroid in view of the diagnosis of THS upon a multidisciplinary team decision. At follow up visits, initially, improvement of presenting symptoms noticed but after 3 months, persistent diplopia, left sided facial numbness with fatigue and difficulties with concentration developed again. Further investigations were carried out and Octreoscan showed possible Cavernous Sinus Meningioma, which treated by radiotherapy for six weeks with corticosteroids. At three weeks post radiotherapy, patient neurological symptoms resolved completely. THS is a rare condition and its diagnosis depends on the presence of characteristic physical features and thorough clinical assessments with a variety of specialized radiologic tests to exclude other neurological conditions. Steroids are the mainstay of treatment, but several therapies have been investigated for steroid resistant THS like radiotherapy in our case.
The metabolic challenge of pregnancy: A toll on the maternal heart aggravated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: Pregnancy is characterized by a series of metabolic adaptations to guarantee the proper energetic and nutritional demands of fetal development. A decrease in insulin sensitivity, alterations in glucose homeostasis, and hyperlipidemia are present in late gestation. Among other potential factors, the rising consumption of high caloric diets and sedentary lifestyles contribute to an increased risk for metabolic-related pregnancy complications. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is highly associated with maternal increased risk of type-2-diabetes and cardiovascular diseases development after pregnancy. We aimed to understand cardiac metabolic adaptations of pregnancy per se and to evaluate the alterations induced by GDM. Materials and Methods: Pregnant (P) and non-pregnant (NP) female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed a control diet (C) or a high-fat-high-sugar-diet (HFHS) and euthanized 19-weeks later. Cardiac and plasma tissue were collected for analysis. Glucose tolerance was evaluated before and at mid-pregnancy. Gestational weight gain, litter size and sex distribution, cardiac mitochondrial oxygen consumption rates, and membrane potential were assessed. The levels of plasma parameters, protein expression, and mRNA transcripts were evaluated. According to Gaussian distribution, data were analyzed using Mann-Whitney tests or t-student test (n ≥ 6), p ≤ 0.05 considered statistically significant. Results: P-HFHS showed greater glucose intolerance in the first hour after glucose administration (vs. P-C). HFHS-diet consumption resulted in excessive gestational weight gain (p < 0.0001), larger litter sizes (p ~ 0.03), and predisposed to an asymmetric sex distribution of the offspring, favoring male (p ~ 0.02). HFHS-diet and pregnancy per se contributed to decreased glucose levels, which were increased in P-HFHS (p ~ 0.002 vs. NP-HFHS, p ~ 0.004 vs. P-C). HFHS-diet was associated with increased Atherogenic Index of Plasma (AIP). HFHS-diet consumption reduced mitochondrial respiration efficiency, observed by decreased RCR values and ADP/O ratio for both groups, especially aggravated in P-HFHS (p ~ 0.008 and p ~ 0.02 vs. NP-C), using Complex-I substrates. The protein levels of inflammatory markers (TNFα and IL6) increased concomitantly with the aggravated condition of the experimental groups, and pregnancy contributed to increased levels of HIF1α transcript (p~0.04vs.NP-C) and decreased levels of PPARα transcript (p~0.04vs.NP-C). Conclusions: HFHS-diet consumption or pregnancy per se and P-HFHS acted as separate hits in plasma glucose levels, although AIP was particularly affected by the HFHS-diet. The cardiac mitochondrial function of the female rats was significantly affected by the HFHS-diet. Pregnancy per se affected inflammation, and HIF1α and PPARα transcript levels, with further aggravation when coupled to the consumption of a HFHS-diet.
Impact of maternal diabetes exposure on soluble adhesion molecules; Soluble adhesion molecules are associated with cardiovascular disease and increased in individuals with diabetes. The current study assesses the impact of diabetes exposure in utero on the abundance of circulating adhesion molecules in cord serum as well as soluble adhesion molecules released from human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) upon exposure to high levels of glucose. Women with and without diabetes (DM; gestational or type 2) were recruited at delivery. DM was diagnosed based on the criteria by the American Diabetes Association. Primary cultures of HUVEC were established in M199 medium with growth supplements. For the high glucose treatment, medium was adjusted to a final glucose concentration of 25mM with media collected 48 hours post treatment. The soluble adhesion molecules intracellular adhesion molecule (ICAM), vascular cell adhesion molecule (VCAM) and E-selectin were measured by ELISA in the cord blood serum and the conditioned HUVEC media. Serum adhesion molecules were measured in 42 infants born to mothers with normal glycemia and 35 infants of mothers with DM. The mothers with DM were older with higher BMI (p=0.027 and 0.008, respectively). In a fully adjusted model, VCAM was significantly increased in the cord serum of infants born to mothers with diabetes (p=0.046), but ICAM and E-selectin were not different. ICAM was significantly correlated with E-selectin (r2=0.25, p<0.001), but not VCAM. ICAM was also significantly correlated with maternal HbA1c (r2=0.16, p=0.004) and cord serum non-esterified fatty acids (r2=0.08, p=0.013). From the HUVEC, the abundance of adhesion molecules was not different based on DM or high glucose exposure; however, VCAM abundance in the HUVEC supernatant was significantly correlated with ICAM (r2=0.27, p=0.010) and cord serum insulin (r2=0.19, p=0.042). Alterations in soluble adhesion molecule abundance in infants exposed to the diabetic milieu of pregnancy may reflect early alterations in vascular function predicting future cardiovascular disease.
Maternal diabetes is associated with adverse diabetes characteristics and accelerated onset of complications in youth with type 2 diabetes (t2d) in today; Background: Prenatal exposures, including parental nutrition and diabetes (DM) status, are increasingly viewed as risk factors for future cardiometabolic health. There are currently no data on effects of parental DM on disease progression or complications in youth-onset T2D. Aims: To analyze effects of parental history of DM on glycemic outcomes and complications in the TODAY study Methods: Participants (n=699) aged 10-14 yr with newly diagnosed T2D were enrolled at 14 U.S. centers and followed for up to 15 yr. Subjects had negative islet autoantibodies and BMI >= 85th %. Information about DM diagnosis in mothers of participants was available for 621 participants [Never (MN) =301; During pregnancy (MD) =218; After pregnancy (MA)=102)] and in biological fathers in 519 (No DM=352; Paternal DM=167). Results: Maternal, but not paternal, DM was associated with accelerated loss of glycemic control, defined as HbA1c >8% for over 6 months (p < 0.0001). Participants whose mothers had diabetes had 60% higher risk of loss of glycemic control [MD vs. MN hazard ratio (HR): 1.58 (1.28, 1.95), p < 0.0001; MA vs. MN HR: 1.57 (1.20, 2.04), p = 0.0009]. Similarly, maternal, but not paternal, diabetes was associated with glomerular hyperfiltration [MD vs. MN HR: 1.58 (1.18-2.1), p = 0.0021; MA vs. MN HR: 1.56 (1.08, 2.24), p = 0.0170;], diabetic retinopathy (MD: 50.0%; MA: 59.7%; MN: 41.8%, p=0.0439), and pulse wave velocity indices reflecting heart rate variability, including SD of normal R-R interval [(SDNN), MD: 42 ± 26 ms; MA: 41 ± 26 ms; MN: 54 ± 31 ms; p = 0.0005] and proportion of successive NN intervals greater than 50 ms [(pNN50%), MD: 14.1 ± 19.4; MA: 16.2 ± 21.5; MN: 21.9 ± 23.5; p = 0.0069], after 10 to 15 yr of follow-up. Associations were maintained after adjusting for multiple confounders. Conclusions: Maternal, but not paternal, diabetes is associated with adverse diabetes outcomes and accelerated onset of complications in their offspring with T2D in TODAY.
Blood glucose related to pregnancy induced hypertension syndrome; Background: To investigate the incidence of hyperglycemia caused by abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy and the relationship between abnormal glucose metabolism and pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH). Methods: 734 pregnant females were assigned into the PIH group (n=284) and the normal group (n=304). We examined fasting blood glucose (FBG), 1 hour postprandial blood glucose, 2-hour postprandial blood glucose, fasting insulin (FINS), 1 hour postprandial insulin, 2 hour postprandial insulin, triglyceride (TG), total cholesterol (TC), Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and Insulin sensitivity index (ISI), at the same time, we recorded the SBP, DBP, BMI of each pregnant women. Results: The fasting blood glucose, 1 hour postprandial blood glucose and 2 hours postprandial blood glucose in the PIH group were higher than those in the normal group (P<0.05). And insulin sensitivity index and hemoglobin Alc (HbA1c) in the PIH group was statistically significant compared with the normal group during 24-28 weeks of gestation. Conclusions: Our results demonstrated that abnormal glucose metabolism in second trimester may be related to higher risk of PIH, and hyperglycemia may be one of the important factors of pregnancy induced hypertension.
Single-cell Transcriptomic Profiling Unveils Cardiac Cell-type Specific Response to Maternal Hyperglycemia Underlying the Risk of Congenital Heart Defects; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most prevalent structural malformations of the heart affecting ∼1% of live births. To date, both damaging genetic variations and adverse environmental exposure such as maternal diabetes have been found to cause CHD. Clinical studies show ∼fivefold higher risk of CHD in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes. Maternal pregestational diabetes affects the gene regulatory networks key to proper cardiac development in the fetus. However, the cell-type specificity of these gene regulatory responses to maternal diabetes and their association with the observed cardiac defects in the fetuses remains unknown. To uncover the transcriptional responses to maternal diabetes in the early embryonic heart, we used an established murine model of pregestational diabetes. In this model, we have previously demonstrated an increased incidence of CHD. Here, we show maternal hyperglycemia (matHG) elicits diverse cellular responses during heart development by single-cell RNA-sequencing in embryonic hearts exposed to control and matHG environment. Through differential gene-expression and pseudotime trajectory analyses of this data, we identified changes in lineage specifying transcription factors, predominantly affecting Isl1+second heart field progenitors and Tnnt2+cardiomyocytes with matHG. Using in vivo cell-lineage tracing studies, we confirmed that matHG exposure leads to impaired second heart field-derived cardiomyocyte differentiation. Finally, this work identifies matHG-mediated transcriptional determinants in cardiac cell lineages elevate CHD risk and show perturbations in Isl1-dependent gene-regulatory network (Isl1-GRN) affect cardiomyocyte differentiation. Functional analysis of this GRN in cardiac progenitor cells will provide further mechanistic insights into matHG-induced severity of CHD associated with diabetic pregnancies.
Association Between COVID-19 Pregnant Women Symptoms Severity and Placental Morphologic Features; Since the beginning of the pandemic, few papers describe the placenta’s morphological and morphometrical features in SARS-CoV-2–positive pregnant women. Alterations, such as low placental weight, accelerated villous maturation, decidual vasculopathy, infarcts, thrombosis of fetal placental vessels, and chronic histiocytic intervillositis (CHI), have been described. Objective: To analyze clinical data and the placental morphological and morphometric changes of pregnant women infected with SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19 group) in comparison with the placentas of non-infected pregnant women, matched for maternal age and comorbidities, besides gestational age of delivery (Control group). Method: The patients in the COVID-19 and the Control group were matched for maternal age, gestational age, and comorbidities. The morphological analysis of placentas was performed using Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus Statement. The quantitative morphometric evaluation included perimeter diameter and number of tertiary villi, number of sprouts and knots, evaluation of deposition of villous fibrin, and deposition of intra-villous collagen I and III by Sirius Red. Additionally, Hofbauer cells (HC) were counted within villi by immunohistochemistry with CD68 marker. Results: Compared to controls, symptomatic women in the COVID-19 group were more likely to have at least one comorbidity, to evolve to preterm labor and infant death, and to have positive SARS-CoV-2 RNA testing in their concepts. Compared to controls, placentas in the COVID-19 group were more likely to show features of maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion. In the COVID-19 group, placentas of symptomatic women were more likely to show CHI. No significant results were found after morphometric analysis. Conclusion: Pregnant women with symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infection, particularly with the severe course, are more likely to exhibit an adverse fetal outcome, with slightly more frequent histopathologic findings of maternal and fetal vascular malperfusion, and CHI. The morphometric changes found in the placentas of the COVID-19 group do not seem to be different from those observed in the Control group, as far as maternal age, gestational age, and comorbidities are paired. Only the deposition of villous fibrin could be more accentuated in the COVID-19 group (p = 0.08 borderline). The number of HC/villous evaluated with CD68 immunohistochemistry did not show a difference between both groups.
Adverse Effects of Selected Markers on the Metabolic and Endocrine Profiles of Obese Women With and Without PCOS; The aim of the present study, is to investigate the influence of obesity, with and without polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), on the levels of kisspeptin, vitamin D (Vit D), and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and to explore the relationship between these parameters and endocrine and metabolic variables. The study group included 126 obese Saudi females. Of these 63 were suffering from PCOS while the rest were normo-ovulatory obese women (non-PCOS obese). In the obese PCOS, VEGF was almost four times as high as in the non-PCOS obese, while kisspeptin and Vit D did not differ. A highly significant elevation was recorded in the waist/hip (WHR), cholesterol, LDL-C, fasting glucose, LH, LH/FSH ratio, estradiol (E2), and testosterone, while hip circumference, leptin, progesterone, and sex hormone binding globulin (SHBG) were lower in the obese PCOS subjects. BMI, HDL-C, ghrelin, insulin, and FSH levels did not differ significantly between the two groups. The obese PCOS had the same level of insulin resistance as the non-PCOS group, as judged by QUICK Index. Correlation studies showed a significant negative correlation between kisspeptin and glucose and LH levels, and a positive correlation with LH/FSH ratio in obese PCOS while in the non-PCOS obese, the kisspeptin correlated positively with glucose, and there was no correlation with LH or LH/FSH. VEGF negatively correlated with FSH and positively with LH/FSH ratio in the non-PCOS obese but this was lost in the obese PCOS. PCOS had no effect on the correlation between Vit D and all studied parameters. Multiple regression analysis showed triglyceride as predictor variable for kisspeptin as a dependent variable, while, leptin is a predictor variable for VEGF as a dependent variable. ROC studies showed the highest sensitivity and specificity for VEGF (AOC=1.00), followed by LH/FSH ratio (AOC=0.979). In conclusion, our study shows that PCOS results in significant elevation of VEGF in obese females, while kisspeptin and Vit D levels are not affected. It also leads to elevation in several of the lipid and hormonal abnormalities in the obese females. In addition, PCOS influences relationship between Kisspeptin and VEGF and some parameters such as glucose, LH or FSH and LH/FSH ratio in obese females, but does not affect Vit D relationship with other parameter.
Hyperglycemia at 1h-OGTT in Pregnancy: A Reliable Predictor of Metabolic Outcomes?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Identifying among GDM women those who are at high risk may help prevent T2DM and, possibly CVD. Several studies have shown that in women with GDM, hyperglycemia at 1 h during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (1-h PG) is not only associated with an increase in adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes but is also an independent predictor of T2DM. Interestingly, also in pregnant women who did not meet the criteria for a GDM diagnosis, 1-h PG was an independent predictor of postpartum impaired insulin sensitivity and beta-cell dysfunction. Moreover, maternal 1- and 2-h PG levels have been found to be independently associated with insulin resistance and impaired insulin secretion also during childhood. There is evidence that hyperglycemia at 1h PG during pregnancy may identify women at high risk of future CVD, due to its association with an unfavorable CV risk profile, inflammation, arterial stiffness and endothelial dysfunction. Overall, hyperglycemia at 1h during an OGTT in pregnancy may be a valuable prediction tool for identifying women at a high risk of future T2DM, who may then benefit from therapeutic strategies aimed at preventing cardiovascular outcomes.
The association of birth weight with cardiovascular risk factors in early childhood; Objective: Our objective was to determine the effect of birth weight (BW) on risk factors of cardiovascular disease and body composition in early childhood. Method: This descriptive and cross-sectional study included 66 early childhood aged between 2-5 years. The study population were stratified to three categories according to birth weight group: term appropriate for gestational age (AGA) children (n=22), term small for gestational age (SGA) children (n=22), term macrosomic children (n=22). Results: There was no significant difference with regard to gender, mode of delivery. The height, head circumference, triceps skinfold thickness, chest and waist circumference in early childhood were similar in the three groups. Body mass index (BMI) were significantly higher in macrosomic group compared wtih SGA and AGA groups. The fasting glucose levels were significantly higher in SGA group and macrosomic group respectively than in AGA group. The children in SGA group had significantly higher insulin levels and Homeostasis Model Assessment of Insulin Resistance (HOMA-IR) index when compared to the children in AGA and macrosomic groups. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, systolic and diastolic blood pressure were comparable among the study groups. Coclusion: Our study shows that insulin levels and HOMA-IR indexes were higher at early childhood in SGA group when compared to the children in AGA and macrosomic groups. There were no differences between three groups in terms of anthropometric measurements, except BMI.
Does Universal Screening for Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Improve Neonatal Outcomes in a Socially Vulnerable Population: A Prospective Study in French Guiana; Aims/Introduction: French Guiana has a high prevalence of metabolic diseases, which are risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus. Despite routine screening for gestational diabetes, treatment is still challenging because of health inequalities and different cultural representations of disease and pregnancy. This study was conducted to assess the role of early and universal GDM screening on obstetrical and neonatal complications in a socially deprived population. Materials and Methods: A prospective study was conducted, in the level III maternity in French Guiana. Of 2136 deliveries, 223 had gestational diabetes mellitus, 110 of whom were followed-up for 6 month to detail their social and laboratory parameters. Results: The prevalence of gestational diabetes in French Guiana (Cayenne Hospital) was estimated at 10.3%. The study population was very precarious with 70% of patients on welfare (universal health coverage or state medical assistance). The following obstetrical complications were observed: cesarean delivery (32%), history of miscarriage (26%) and preeclampsia (7.4%). Nevertheless, neonatal complications were rarely present and included hypoglycemia (2.8%) and macrosomia (2.8%). Conclusion: In French Guiana, gestational diabetes mellitus is very common. However, in a context of widespread poverty and diverse cultural representations, universal screening and monitoring limited the risk of macrosomia.
Increased risk of multiple pregnancy complications following large-scale power outages during Hurricane Sandy in New York State; Background: Large-scale power outages (PO) are increasing in the context of climate change. Although some research has been conducted into the adverse health impacts of POs, significant gaps remain regarding whether POs would affect the health of pregnant women. We investigated the association between ED visits due to pregnancy complications and the occurence, intensity, and duration of large-scale POs in eight Sandy-affected counties in New York State (NYS). Methods: In this cross-sectional study, daily ED visits for pregnancy complications and large-scale PO data in eight counties in NYS from October to December in 2005–2014 were collected. Using time-series analysis, we estimated the relative increase in ED visits for pregnancy complications during POs compared with non-PO periods at lag 0–7 days. Short-term health impacts of PO intensity and PO duration were investigated. Estimations were also stratified by sociodemographic characteristics and disease subtypes including threatened or spontaneous abortion, threatened or early labor, hypertension complications, infections of genitourinary tract, renal diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus, mental illnesses, and cardiovascular diseases during pregnancy. Results: From October to December in 2005–2014, there were 307,739 ED visits for pregnancy complications in the eight counties. We found significant increases in ED visits for overall pregnancy complications (16.6%, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 10.3%, 23.2%) during the Hurricane-PO period at lag 0–7 days. The ED visits increased by 8.8% per level increase in PO intensity and 1.4% per day increase in PO duration. Specifically, threatened/early delivery and gestational diabetes mellitus during the PO period increased by 26.7% (95% CI: 8.2%, 48.4%) and 111.8% (95% CI: 16.7%, 284.4%), respectively. Young adult, Black, Hispanic, and uninsured individuals were at higher risk of complications. Conclusions: POs may adversely impact pregnancy, especially for certain pregnancy complications and among low sociodemographic women.
Non-Coding RNAs and Extracellular Vehicles: Their Role in the Pathogenesis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. GDM has a considerable impact on health outcomes of the mother and offspring during pregnancy, delivery, and beyond. Although the exact mechanism regarding GDM remains unclear, numerous studies have suggested that non-coding RNAs, including long non-coding (lnc)RNAs, microRNAs, and circular RNAs, were involved in the pathogenesis of GDM in which they played vital regulatory roles. Additionally, several studies have revealed that extracellular vehicles also participated in the pathogenesis of GDM, highlighting their important role in this disease. Considering the lack of effective biomarkers for the early identification of and specific treatment for GDM, non-coding RNAs and extracellular vehicles may be promising biomarkers and even targets for GDM therapies. This review provides an update on our understanding of the role of non-coding RNAs and extracellular vehicles in GDM. As our understanding of the function of lncRNAs and extracellular vehicles improves, the future appears promising for their use as potential biomarkers and treatment targets for GDM in clinical practice.
Accompanied anomalies in anal atresia or tracheo-esophageal fistula: Comparison with or without VACTERL association; Purpose: We evaluated the various accompanied malformations in patients with anal atresia or tracheoesophageal fistula (TEF). Furthermore, we determined the prevalence of VACTERL association and compared the clinical findings with those of patients without VACTERL association. Methods: We enrolled the patients with anal atresia or TEF with/without esophageal atresia. We collected the patient data pertaining to accompanied vertebral, cardiovascular, renal or limb anomalies, single umbilical artery, maternal diabetes mellitus or drug history, and gene research. Results: A total 155 patients (65 boys and 90 girls) were enrolled with 147 cases of anal atresia, 3 cases of TEF, and 5 cases of anal atresia with TEF. The prevalence of accompanied anomalies was 67.1% in cardiovascular, 27.1% in renal, 9.7% in vertebral, 2.6% in limb anomalies, and 3.9% in single umbilical artery. Thirty-six (23.2%) patients were diagnosed with VACTERL association. The patients with VACTERL association had a significantly higher number of male patients (58.3 vs. 37.0%, p =.033) and single umbilical artery (11.1 vs. 1.7%, p =.026), and had a significantly lower birth weight (2.8 vs. 3.1 kg, p =.033) than the patients without VACTERL association. Genetic studies were performed in 111 patients, and 8 (7.2%) had chromosomal abnormalities—3 in VACTERL and 5 in no VACTERL group. Conclusion: We recommend a careful evaluation for VACTERL association in patients with anal atresia or TEF. It is particularly important to screen for a single umbilical artery for features of VACTERL association as well as for other congenital anomalies.
MANAGEMENT OF CLOT IN TRANSIT IN A POST-PARTUM COVID-19 PATIENT; Background 39-year-old female, 34-week gravida with pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes who presented with COVID-19. Case Patient presented to our hospital for 5 days of worsening dyspnea, cough, and fevers requiring oxygen on arrival. Given her respiratory decline, she underwent urgent cesarean delivery of a healthy male infant. Initial chest x-ray was consistent with severe COVID-19 pneumonia. Non-invasive methods of oxygenation were exhausted, and she was finally intubated several days later. Troponin was <0.02ng/mL, BNP was 71pg/mL, and D-Dimer increased from 601 to 13,000ng/mL. Transthoracic echocardiogram showed preserved cardiac function, but imaging was sub-optimal for the right ventricle (RV). On post-cesarean day 6, CT Pulmonary Angiogram (CTPA) showed bilateral segmental and subsegmental Pulmonary Embolism (PE) with a filling defect in the RV consistent with clot in transit (CIT). No RV strain was noted on echo or CTPA. Lower extremity venous duplex showed only acute calf thrombus. She was anticoagulated with enoxaparin at 1mg/kg, but her oxygen requirements worsened requiring 100% FiO2 on the ventilator. Decision-making Emergent multidisciplinary discussion was held by PE Response Team (PERT) regarding use of catheter directed lysis, systemic lysis, ECMO or surgical embolectomy. PERT team discussed extensively, and ultimately recommended 50mg alteplase be given systemically with family’s consent. Conclusion After alteplase was given, our patient’s oxygen requirements quickly improved to 45% FiO2 and her vitals remained normal. CT Head reported no hemorrhage, and repeat CTPA showed near-complete resolution of RV thrombus with mild increase in subsegmental thrombus. This case exemplifies the role of both emergent multidisciplinary decision-making in complex case scenarios, and systemic thrombolysis for the management of COVID-19 related CIT in patients who recently underwent cesarean delivery.
THE DIAGNOSTIC YIELD OF CURRENT INDICATIONS FOR FETAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY; Background Fetal echocardiography (FE) permits the prenatal diagnosis of a large spectrum of fetal heart disease (FHD) before birth. To further optimize strategies to improve FE referrals and reduce unnecessary resource use, we sought to examine the diagnostic yield of current FE indications. Methods We examined FE reports of all pregnancies referred for FE in Alberta in 2009-2018 to identify the referral indication (13 categories) and gestational age at referral, and categorized FE findings into: no FHD, mild/possible FHD (e.g. simple VSD, possible coarctation), moderate/severe FHD. Results In this period, we identified 19,345 unique pregnancies of whom 1880 had moderate/severe and 464 mild/possible FHD. Extracardiac pathology (30.2% of all referrals), maternal diabetes (18.3%) and suspected FHD (17.6%) were the most common referral indications. The indication with highest yield for moderate/severe FHD was a suspected FHD on obstetric ultrasound (40.9%; 95% confidence interval 39.3-42.6%). Three indications had a moderate yield (6-16%): suspected genetic disorder (15.8%; 12.9-18.7%), twins/multiples (10.9%; 8.9-12.8%) and extracardiac pathology (6.8%; 6.1-7.4%). Five had a low to moderate yield (3-6%): heart not well seen (5.4%; 3.6-7.2%), arrhythmia (4.3%; 2.7-5.8%), assisted reproduction (3.9%; 2.4-5.5%), family history of genetic abnormality (3.8%; 1.7-5.9%) and maternal exposures (e.g. drug/medication) (3.1%; 1.9-4.3%). The lowest yield categories (1-3%) were other family history of heart disease (2.2%; 1.3-3.2%), maternal diabetes (2.1%; 1.6-2.6%), prior fetus/child with heart disease (2.0%; 1.3-2.7%) and maternal heart disease (1.5%; 0.7-2.2%). We found an increased yield of moderate/severe FHD in pregnancies with >1 versus 1 indication (17.2%; 15.6-18.9% vs 8.9%; 8.5-9.4%, p<0.001). Conclusion Suspected FHD, the 3rd most common indication for FE referral, provided the highest diagnostic yield of moderate/severe FHD. In contrast, maternal diabetes represented a large proportion of referrals, but had a much lower diagnostic yield. This data could lead to improvements in guidelines for FE referral and contribute to optimizing triage of affected pregnancies.
CHARACTERISTICS OF MYOCARDIAL INFARCTION AND EARLY PRESENTATION AFTER PREGNANCY AMONG WOMEN WITH PRIOR ADVERSE PREGNANCY OUTCOMES; Background Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM), and preterm birth, are at increased risk of ischemic heart disease in later life. We aimed to determine the features of myocardial infarction (MI) among women with prior APOs compared with those with normal pregnancies. Methods We performed a retrospective analysis of women referred for left heart catheterization with an MI defined by (1) elevated troponin or (2) a diagnosis code of non-ST elevation MI or ST elevation MI (2010-2019). Those with an MI were then matched with our Magee Obstetric Maternal and Infant database, which has detailed abstracted pregnancy data for deliveries from 1988 to 2019. Those with hypertension or diabetes pre-dating the index pregnancy were excluded. Demographics, medical history, and MI presentation details were compared between women with MI with and without an APO history. Results We identified 341 women ages 18 to 65 with an MI and left heart catheterization, of whom 160 had a prior APO (HDP N=60, age 48±9 years; GDM N=23, age 52±6 years; and preterm birth N=44, age 50±8 years). Women with HDP and GDM history presented with their MI sooner after delivery (19±7 years for HDP and 18±7 years for GDM) compared with women without an APO history (21±7 years; p=0.03). Women with prior APO had a higher prevalence of current diabetes compared with those without an APO (37% for HDP, p=0.001; 53% for GDM, p<0.001; and 14% for normal pregnancies). Women with APO history had similar MI features including similar rates of ST elevation MI, obstructive and multi-vessel coronary artery disease, percutaneous coronary intervention, and cardiogenic shock compared with women without APO history. There were also similar peak troponin levels and left ventricular ejection fraction between groups. Notably, women with GDM history had higher left ventricular end diastolic pressure compared with women without APO history (23±9 vs 18±7 mmHg; p=0.04). Conclusion Women with APO history present with MI sooner after delivery, but otherwise have similar MI characteristics and MI severity compared with women without an APO history.
FREQUENCY AND PATTERN OF PLACENTAL ABNORMALITIES IN PREGNANCIES WITH FETAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE; Background Abnormal placental development and function occur in pregnancies with fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) but it is unclear whether maternal or fetal factors contribute. This study aimed to determine the frequency of maternal and fetal placental abnormalities in CHD. Methods A single-center retrospective cohort study was conducted from January 2013 - June 2019. Inclusion criteria were inborn infants ≥36 weeks gestation with a prenatal diagnosis of moderate-severe CHD. Exclusion criteria were multiple gestation pregnancy, unknown gestational age, or unavailable placental pathology data. Placental pathology reports were reviewed and abnormalities categorized as maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) or fetal vascular malperfusion (FVM) per the 2016 Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group Consensus Statement. Demographic and clinical data were collected from existing clinical databases and retrospective chart review and logistic regression was performed to evaluate the association with MVM and FVM. To determine the association of CHD, infants were categorized as single ventricle with aortic obstruction, single ventricle with pulmonic obstruction, dextro-transposition of the great arteries (d-TGA), or two ventricle physiology. Results There were 212 pregnancies included for analysis. Rates of MVM and FVM were 48.6% and 31.1%, respectively. There was no difference in MVM by cardiac group. However infants with two ventricle physiology were more likely than those with d-TGA to have FVM [OR 4.22, 95% CL (1.383-18.80), p=0.0260]. After controlling for CHD group, gestational diabetes [OR 2.36, 95% CL (1.09-5.38), p=0.0335] and oligohydramnios [OR 9.22, 95% CL (1.57-175.37), p=0.0409] were associated with MVM. Pregnancies without maternal hypertension [OR 2.66, 95% CL (1.15-7.01), p=0.0318] and female infants [OR 1.88, 95% (1.03-3.45), p=0.0403] were more likely to have FVM. Conclusion Both MVM and FVM are common in pregnancies with fetal CHD. Maternal/pregnancy factors are associated with MVM whereas innate patient-specific factors (sex and diagnosis) are associated with FVM. Further research is needed to determine the impact of these abnormalities on infant outcome.
IN-HOSPITAL OUTCOMES AFTER DELIVERY IN PREGNANT HEART TRANSPLANT RECIPIENTS: INSIGHTS FROM THE NATIONAL INPATIENT SAMPLE; Background While the number of successful pregnancies in heart transplant (HT) recipients is increasing, data regarding outcomes after delivery are limited. Methods The 2010-2015 Nationwide Inpatient Sample was queried to identify index hospitalizations for delivery in HT recipients. Adverse delivery events of HT patients were compared to those of women without HT or systolic heart failure (HF) undergoing delivery using multivariable logistic regression. Sample weights were used in all multivariate analyses to estimate measures of association generalizable to the U.S. population. Results A total of 21,922,631 delivery hospitalizations were analyzed; 94 hospitalizations were of HT recipients. Women post-HT were significantly younger (26 vs. 28 years, p <0.001), had greater comorbidity burden as evidenced by the Elixhauser Comorbidity Index (1.16 vs. 0.24, p<0.001), lower household incomes (p=0.03), and were more likely to deliver at large (89.5% vs. 58.3%, p=0.02) and teaching hospitals (100% vs 59.4%, p<0.001). There were no significant differences in race, primary insurance payer, or hospital region between groups. Mean length of hospital stay was significantly longer in women post-HT compared to controls (4.53 vs. 2.64 days, p<0.001). After adjustment for age, race/ethnicity, pre-existing hypertension, and Elixhauser Comorbidity Index, history of HT was significantly associated with increased incidence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (OR 6.22, p=0.004), fetal malformations (OR 2.86, p=0.04), and induction at time of delivery (OR 2.99, p=0.02). There were no differences in the incidence of gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, rate of c-section, postpartum hemorrhage, pre-term delivery, or renal failure. There were no in-hospital deaths during the study period. Conclusion The number of pregnant women delivering post-HT remains low. Women post-HT experience increased maternal and fetal risks during the delivery period compared with women without HT or history of systolic HF, including increased risk of HDP and fetal malformations. More studies are needed to improve obstetric care and maternal-fetal outcomes for the HT population.
PREGNANCY HISTORY AND LIFELONG CARDIOVASCULAR DISEASE RISK-DO INTERNAL MEDICINE RESIDENTS REALLY ASK?; Background It is a Class I indication from the American College of Cardiology (ACC) to obtain a detailed obstetric history given the associated cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with a history of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. We hypothesize that despite this indication and the impact obstetric complications have on lifetime CVD risk, few internal medicine (IM) residents in outpatient clinic ask about pregnancy history and therefore, are not identifying patients who are at increased risk for long-term CVD associated with pregnancy complications. Methods Institutional review board approval was obtained prior to the initiation of all components of this study. A retrospective chart review was performed of all female patients (ages 18-60 years old) who were evaluated as an initial encounter at the IM Resident Clinic between 1/1/2019 to 3/1/2019 and had not previously seen a cardiologist. For each patient it was noted if an obstetric history was obtained during the initial visit and if history was obtained, if the patient was then asked about pregnancy complications including pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. If complications were noted, we looked for documentation of the associated cardiovascular risk. Results 110 patients met inclusion criteria. Of those, 31.8% were ask about any obstetric history. However, only 8.18% of patients were asked about any obstetric complications. Of those who did ask, none mention the cardiac risk associated with their specified pregnancy complications. Conclusion Our study demonstrates that IM residents are not adequately inquiring about obstetric history, which goes against current ACC recommendations. Not only was obstetric history and complications not frequently asked, there was no instance of documentation of CVD risk. In the next step of this study, we will hold educational conferences for IM residents then repeat a retrospective chart review from 1/1/2021 to 3/1/2021 to determine if our intervention had any impact of increasing the rate of obstetric history being asked.
PATIENT-CENTERED MEDICATION SELECTION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PERIPARTUM CARDIOMYOPATHY; Background Although a wealth of clinical practice data is available in cardiovascular medicine, individual patients frequently do not fit neatly into carefully-selected clinical trial populations. With that in mind, an evidenced-based medical practice must combine knowledge of trial data with clinical expertise to the care of patients. Case A 37-year-old female with gestational diabetes presented with new progressive dyspnea, orthopnea and leg edema seven days after a vaginal delivery. An echocardiogram revealed global left ventricular (LV) hypokinesis with an ejection fraction of 25-30%. She was diagnosed with acute systolic heart failure (HF) secondary to peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM). The patient expressed a strong desire to breastfeed her infant, which influenced the decision to utilize quinapril, metoprolol succinate and furosemide for her pharmacotherapy on discharge. Decision-making Breastfeeding is an essential consideration while taking care of PPCM patients. Many cardiovascular medicines have insufficient data regarding presence in breastmilk or they are not recommended during breastfeeding. Sacubitril-valsartan is superior to enalapril for treatment of systolic HF. However, patients with PPCM were not explicitly studied and sacubitril-valsartan does not have human data to assess for the risk of infant harm or any effect on breastmilk. In this scenario, where the patient had a strong desire to breastfeed her infant but understood the necessity of medical therapy for her cardiomyopathy, shared decision making played a pivotal role in the selection of pharmacotherapies that are safe in breastfeeding but also effective in the treatment of systolic HF. This patient-tailored approach achieved a “best of both worlds” result, allowing the patient to bond with her infant through breastfeeding, and achieving symptomatic improvement and eventual recovery of LV systolic function. Conclusion A patient&apos;s values and beliefs represent a cornerstone for evidence-based practice. Careful history and understanding of a patient&apos;s unique beliefs and expectations can be synthesized with available medical data and clinical experience to select personally-tailored treatments.
A Smartphone App (TRIANGLE) to Change Cardiometabolic Risk Behaviors in Women Following Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Intervention Mapping Approach; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases. Behavioral interventions can reduce this risk, but current solutions insufficiently address the requirements for such a program. The systematic development of a scalable mobile health (mHealth) promotion program for mothers during the first years post-GDM may contribute to solving this problem. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this project was to systematically plan and develop a theory- and evidence-based mHealth intervention to change cardiometabolic risk behaviors in women during the first 5 years post-GDM that meets women's expected standards of commercial health apps. METHODS: The intervention mapping steps 1 to 4 structured the systematic planning and development of the mHealth program described in this paper. Steps 1 and 2 led to a theory- and evidence-based logic model of change for cardiometabolic health. Based on this model, the prevention program was designed (step 3) and produced (step 4) in cooperation with industrial partners to ensure a high technological standard of the resulting smartphone app for the iPhone (Apple Inc). Step 4 included a user study with women during the first 5 years post-GDM once a beta version of the app ("TRIANGLE") was available. The user study comprised 2 test rounds of 1 week (n=5) and 4 weeks (n=6), respectively. The tests included validated questionnaires on user acceptance, user logs, and think-alouds with semistructured interviews. RESULTS: The novel TRIANGLE app is among the first self-paced smartphone apps for individual habit change in the 3 lifestyle areas of physical activity, nutrition, and psychosocial well-being. The 3 core features-a challenge system, human coaching, and a library-address 11 behavioral determinants with 39 behavior change methods to support lifestyle changes. Participants in the user study showed a high acceptance, high perceived quality, and high perceived impact of the TRIANGLE app on their health behaviors. Participants tested the app regularly, used it intuitively, and suggested improvements. We then adapted the TRIANGLE app according to the insights from the user study before the full TRIANGLE program production. CONCLUSIONS: The intervention mapping approach was feasible to plan and develop an innovative and scalable smartphone solution for women during the first 5 years post-GDM. The resulting TRIANGLE intervention has the potential to support behavior change for cardiometabolic disease prevention. However, the app needs further refinement and testing in clinical trials. Intervention mapping steps 5 (implementation plan) and 6 (evaluation plan) may support the integration of the TRIANGLE intervention into routine care. TRIAL REGISTRATION: German Clinical Trials Register DRKS00012736; https://www.drks.de/DRKS00012736.
Pregnancy outcomes and SARS-CoV-2 infection: The Spanish obstetric emergency group study; Pregnant women who are infected with SARS-CoV-2 are at an increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes. With this study, we aimed to better understand the relationship between maternal infection and perinatal outcomes, especially preterm births, and the underlying medical and interventionist factors. This was a prospective observational study carried out in 78 centers (Spanish Obstetric Emergency Group) with a cohort of 1347 SARS-CoV-2 PCR-positive pregnant women registered consecutively between 26 February and 5 November 2020, and a concurrent sample of PCR-negative mothers. The patients’ information was collected from their medical records, and the association of SARS-CoV-2 and perinatal outcomes was evaluated by univariable and multivariate analyses. The data from 1347 SARS-CoV-2-positive pregnancies were compared with those from 1607 SARS-CoV-2-negative pregnancies. Differences were observed between both groups in premature rupture of membranes (15.5% vs. 11.1%, p < 0.001); venous thrombotic events (1.5% vs. 0.2%, p < 0.001); and severe pre-eclampsia incidence (40.6 vs. 15.6%, p = 0.001), which could have been overestimated in the infected cohort due to the shared analytical signs between this hypertensive disorder and COVID-19. In addition, more preterm deliveries were observed in infected patients (11.1% vs. 5.8%, p < 0.001) mainly due to an increase in iatrogenic preterm births. The prematurity in SARS-CoV-2-affected pregnancies results from a predisposition to end the pregnancy because of maternal disease (pneumonia and pre-eclampsia, with or without COVID-19 symptoms).
Health service use and health system costs associated with diabetes during pregnancy in Australia; Background and aims: In the context of the rising rate of diabetes in pregnancy in Australia, this study aims to examine the health service and resource use associated with diabetes during pregnancy. Methods and results: This project utilised a linked administrative dataset containing health and cost data for all mothers who gave birth in Queensland, Australia between 2012 and 2015 (n = 186,789, plus their babies, n = 189,909). The association between maternal characteristics and diabetes status were compared with chi-square analyses. Multiple logistic regression produced the odds ratio of having different outcomes for women who had diabetes compared to women who did not. A two-sample t-test compared the mean number of health services accessed. Generalised linear regression produced the mean costs associated with health service use. Mothers who had diabetes during pregnancy were more likely to have their labour induced at <38 weeks gestation (OR:1.39, 95% CI:1.29–1.50); have a cesarean section (OR: 1.26, 95% CI:1.22–1.31); have a preterm birth (OR:1.24, 95%: 1.18–1.32); have their baby admitted to a Special Care Nursery (OR: 2.34, 95% CI:2.26–2.43) and a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (OR:1.25, 95%CI: 1.14–1.37). On average, mothers with diabetes access health services on more occasions during pregnancy (54.4) compared to mothers without (50.5). Total government expenditure on mothers with diabetes over the first 1000 days of the perinatal journey was significantly higher than in mothers without diabetes ($12,757 and $11,332). Conclusion: Overall, mothers that have diabetes in pregnancy require greater health care and resource use than mothers without diabetes in pregnancy.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Unique Opportunities for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention in Women: A Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association; This statement summarizes evidence that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational-age delivery, placental abruption, and pregnancy loss increase a woman's risk of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors and of developing subsequent CVD (including fatal and nonfatal coronary heart disease, stroke, peripheral vascular disease, and heart failure). This statement highlights the importance of recognizing APOs when CVD risk is evaluated in women, although their value in reclassifying risk may not be established. A history of APOs is a prompt for more vigorous primordial prevention of CVD risk factors and primary prevention of CVD. Adopting a heart-healthy diet and increasing physical activity among women with APOs, starting in the postpartum setting and continuing across the life span, are important lifestyle interventions to decrease CVD risk. Lactation and breastfeeding may lower a woman's later cardiometabolic risk. Black and Asian women experience a higher proportion APOs, with more severe clinical presentation and worse outcomes, than White women. More studies on APOs and CVD in non-White women are needed to better understand and address these health disparities. Future studies of aspirin, statins, and metformin may better inform our recommendations for pharmacotherapy in primary CVD prevention among women who have had an APO. Several opportunities exist for health care systems to improve transitions of care for women with APOs and to implement strategies to reduce their long-term CVD risk. One proposed strategy includes incorporation of the concept of a fourth trimester into clinical recommendations and health care policy.
Association between pesticide usage during pregnancy and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia requiring treatment: the Japan Environment and Children’s Study; Background: Maternal exposure to pesticides during pregnancy may cause oxidative hemolysis leading to neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. This investigation examined for associations between maternal use of pesticides or repellents during pregnancy and neonatal hyperbilirubinemia requiring phototherapy. Methods: We used the dataset from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study, a large national birth cohort study registered from January 31, 2011 to March 31, 2014. The fixed data of 61,751 live births were used to evaluate the presence of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to identify correlations between the frequency of maternal pesticide or repellent use during pregnancy and clinically relevant neonatal hyperbilirubinemia. Results: After controlling for confounding factors, there were significant associations between neonatal hyperbilirubinemia necessitating phototherapy and the frequent use of indoor insecticide spray (OR 1.21, 95% CI 1.05–1.38). For spray- or lotion-type insect repellents, an opposite relationship was observed (more than a few times a week: OR 0.70, 95% CI 0.61–0.81, up to a few times a month: OR 0.84, 95% CI 0.78–0.91). Conclusion: The frequent use of indoor insecticide spray during pregnancy showed an increased risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia requiring phototherapy, which was absent for spray- or lotion-type insect repellents. Impact: The frequent use of indoor insecticide spray during pregnancy showed an increased risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia requiring phototherapy, which was absent for spray- or lotion-type insect repellents.This is the first study examining the effects of maternal exposure to pesticides or repellents on clinically relevant neonatal hyperbilirubinemia using a dataset from a nationwide birth cohort study.This large-scale Japanese cohort study revealed that the frequent use of indoor insecticide spray during pregnancy may increase the risk of neonatal hyperbilirubinemia requiring treatment.
Clinical manifestations of 11 children with fronto-ocular syndrome (FOS): a case series; Fronto-ocular syndrome (FOS) is a rarely seen trigonocephaly syndrome in which metopic synostosis features are unique. This report presents six cases with FOS. Clinical manifestations mainly involve skull and facial findings. Nearly all patients have short/upslanted palpebral fissures, hypotelorism, narrow bifrontal area, philtrum anomalies, trigonocephaly, and metopic ridge. Epicanthal folds, hypoplastic supraorbital ridges, bulbous nasal tip, thin upper lip, mandible, and ear anomalies are also frequently observed in the patients. Extrafacial findings are variable such as cardiac, extremity anomalies, and skin findings. Mild developmental delay and learning disability have been presented in almost half of patients. Age-dependent and age-independent phenotypic differences between the patients have been detected. Furthermore, it is observed the individuals with reduced phenotypic expression even in the same family. FOS has been described in two families in the literature which consist of mother-daughter dual. Thereby, its inheritance pattern and clinical spectrum have not been clarified clearly. We present here eleven patients that five of them had previously reported. We aim was to give a more comprehensive description of the clinical findings of fronto-ocular syndrome and to reveal its inheritance pattern.
A systematic review of oralsemaglutide for type II diabetes; Type 2 Diabetes mellitus is defined as metabolic disorder, for which the prevalence is getting very high close to a pandemic. Nearly more than three by fourth of the global population have type 2 Diabetes, making gestational diabetes and type 1 Diabetes (10%) with less incidence having symptoms like polydipsia, etc. It is diagnosed by Random, Post Prandial and Glycosylated Hemoglobin test. There are several class of medications like Alpha-Glycosidase Inhibitors, Biguanides & GLP-1 receptor agonists. Semaglutide is an agonist of glucagon-like-peptide 1 receptor. Formulation of Semaglutide into subcutaneous injection was successfully performed in the year of 2017 by Novo Nordisk, which was gloriously approved by the regulatory agencies. After two years from this incident, this drug was formulated and marketed in the form of tablet under the brand name “Rybellus”. Semaglutide can also be considered as drug used in treatment of cardiovascular ailments like atherosclerosis other than anti-diabetic effect. Out of the oral GLP-1 agonizing agents, Semaglutide emerges to be one of the best drugs with anti-diabetic activity. The safety profile of oral Semaglutide is also looking greater in comparison with other members of the same class.
Prevalence of single umbilical artery, clinical outcomes and its risk factors: A cross-sectional study; Background: Single umbilical artery (SUA) is found in 0.5–6% of all pregnancies worldwide. Although the association of SUA with some congenital malformations is mainly accepted, its effect on pregnancy/neonatal outcomes is still controversial. Objective: This is the first study aimed to approximate the SUA prevalence in southern part of Iran. SUA epidemiologic features accompanied by some of its effects on pregnancy/neonatal outcomes are investigated as well. Materials and Methods: In this cross-sectional study, data from two referral centers in Southern Iran were analyzed. In total, 1,469 pregnancies, fetuses, and neonates were examined for epidemiological features associated with SUA. SUA was confirmed by pathological examination, while congenital anomalies were diagnosed by clinical, ultrasound, and echocardiographical examinations. Data on pregnancy outcome were recorded based on the patients’ medical records. Results: The prevalence of SUA was 3.47% (95% CI: 2.6–4.6%). Fetal anomalies including renal, cardiac, and other congenital anomalies, intrauterine fetal death, early neonatal death, low birth weight, low placental weight, and preterm birth were significantly higher in the SUA group (OR = 68.02, 31.04, 16.03, 3.85, 11.31, 3.22, 2.70, and 2.47, respectively). However, the maternal multiparity was lower in the SUA group (OR = 0.65; 95% CI: 0.44–0.98). Conclusion: A significant association was observed between SUA and increased risk of intrauterine fetal death and early neonatal death, as well as low birth weight and preterm birth. Obstetrical history of the mother like parity was identified as an important predictor of SUA. Further investigations are suggested on risk stratification of neonates in this regard.
Creating a novel strategy to reduce unnecessary laboratory testing based on healthcare cost analysis in high-risk pregnancies and delivery ward; Introduction: Inappropriate request for laboratory tests is a challenging problem and an important cause for additional healthcare costs. Indeed, it may have further ambiguity for the clinicians. This study aimed to design an education-based program to reduce unnecessary laboratory testing orders and the associated costs. Materials and methods: In this interventional prospective study that took place in an educational hospital, the type and frequency of selected laboratory testing requested by gynecology, and obstetrics residents in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, preterm labor, and premature preterm rupture of the membrane as well as cesarean section and normal vaginal delivery were analyzed periodically in a 1-year interval. At the same time, continuous educational supports and monitoring were performed. The results were compared before and after interventions. Results: The educational intervention regardless of the etiologies of the admission, decreased the requested laboratory testing significantly (p < 0.001), except for CBC. Indeed, no near misses or delays in treatment were observed. Cost analysis showed a 31.3% reduction of expenses per inpatient day due to the decrease in the number of daily laboratory testing ordered. Conclusions: Appropriate education and continuous monitoring of the residents could reduce the unrequired laboratory testing as well as healthcare costs.
Efficacy of myoinositol in treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women: A pilot randomized clinical trial; Objective: To compare efficacy of myoinositol as an adjuvant to dietary modification for treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian women compared to controls. Study Design: Setting: This pilot randomized open label trial was conducted in a single antenatal clinic in India. Subjects: One hundred women with singleton pregnancy and gestational diabetes diagnosed between 14–28 weeks’ gestation were included. Overt diabetes, twin pregnancy, pre-existing renal disease, heart disease and other chronic medical disorders were exclusions. Intervention: Participants were randomized in two groups (1:1 ratio) by opaque envelope method. Individualized nutrition counseling with dietary modification and routine antenatal care was provided to all. Fifty women received myoinositol 1000 mg twice daily; 50 controls did not receive myoinositol. Fasting and postprandial glucose levels were assessed after two weeks. Women not achieving glycemic targets (fasting glucose <95 and postprandial glucose <120 mg/dL) were given pharmacologic therapy. Contributory factors in women requiring additional pharmacologic therapy, maternal and fetal outcomes were noted. Statistical analysis: Between group comparisons reported relative risk and mean difference. To assess predictive factors for need for pharmacologic therapy, univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis were used. Results: Baseline characteristics were comparable in both groups. Except one woman in the myoinositol group, all women provided glycaemia data throughout their pregnancy. Glycemic control was achieved in 44/ 49 (89.8 %) women in myoinositol group which was significantly higher than 34/50 (68 %) in the controls ((relative risk 0.31, 95 % confidence interval 0.13 to 0.80, p = 0.008). Mean duration of myoinositol treatment was 17.6 weeks (standard deviation 5.3). Additional treatment with metformin/insulin was needed in all women failing to achieve glycaemic control. The mean (range) dose of insulin was 25.3 units in myoinositol group compared to 14.27 units in controls (p = 0.058). Secondary outcomes were similar in two groups except baby weight which was higher in controls (p = 0.018). Conclusions: Oral supplementation with myoinositol in dose of 1 gm twice-daily, when started soon after the diagnosis of GDM, is effective in achieving glycemic control and decreasing the need for additional pharmacological therapy in Asian Indian women.
Onset of Addison Disease appeared during the first trimester of a twin pregnancy: A case report; Addison Disease is an uncommon, life-threatening condition affecting people at any age, including women during pregnancy. If left untreated, the disease can be rapidly fatal, but the prognosis is good if promptly recognized and hormones are replaced.
Novel PPARG mutation in multiple family members with chylomicronemia; Chylomicronemia is characterized by severe hypertriglyceridemia when chylomicrons persist in plasma despite a fasting state. The recessive monogenic form is due to homozygous or compound heterozygous loss-of-function mutations in the LPL gene or genes involved in the assembly, transport, or function of LPL, including APOC2, APOA5, GP1HBP1, and LMF1. The multifactorial form of chylomicronemia is due to both common small-effect variants and rare heterozygous large-effect variants in genes in which mutations are associated secondarily with hypertriglyceridemia. The combined inheritance of these variants increases susceptibility to chylomicronemia, and the number of hypertriglyceridemia-associated alleles carried by an individual represents a genetic or polygenic triglyceride risk score. Among these genes associated with hypertriglyceridemia is PPARG. PPARγ is a nuclear transcription factor encoded by the PPARG gene expressed predominantly in adipocytes that is involved in glucose, lipid, and adipose tissue metabolism. Known rare mutations and common polymorphisms in the PPARG genes are associated with a broad range of clinical phenotypes, including hypertriglyceridemia. Here, we present multiple family members with a novel heterozygous PPARG mutation that has not been previously reported.
Cardiotocograph (CTG) changes and maternal and neonatal outcomes in chorioamnionitis and/or funisitis confirmed on histopathology; Objective: To assess the cardiotocographic changes and maternal and neonatal outcomes in cases of chorioamnionitis and or funisitis confirmed on histopathology. Study Design: A retrospective analysis of histopathology reports confirming chorioamnionitis and/or funisitis was carried out from 2014 to 2020 in a single centre. The preterm births (<37 weeks) were excluded. The maternal records were reviewed to determine the maternal and neonatal outcomes such as the mode of delivery, intrapartum and postpartum complications, umbilical cord arterial pH, and admission to the special care baby unit (SCBU). The CTG features were analysed on admission and during the intrapartum period. The study was approved by the Audit and Clinical Effectiveness department within the centre. Results: Out of the 57 cases of histologically confirmed chorioamnionitis and/or funisitis, 42 women (73.7 %) had intrapartum pyrexia and none of the mothers had an increased temperature at the point of fetal tachycardia (persistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate (FHR) by >10 % compared to the original baseline FHR). 43 (75.4 %) CTGs showed evidence of uterine tachysystole or hyperstimulation. 15 (26.3 %) cases had meconium stained amniotic fluid (MSAF). 54 (94.7 %) women had a caesarean section, and their babies were admitted to special care baby unit after delivery. 54 (94.7 %) babies had an umbilical artery of more than 7.1. 47 (87 %) of the women were readmitted with wound infection. All CTG traces showed a > 10 % increase in the baseline FHR and variable decelerations with overshoot were noted in cases where funisitis was confirmed in 25 cases (92.6 %). Loss of cycling was noted in 54 CTGs (94.7 %) and a sinusoidal pattern was identified in 27 (47.3 %). Conclusion: Rising (>10 %) baseline during labour along with loss of cycling with or without features of tachysystole or hyperstimulation should be considered in labour as features of ongoing chorioamnionitis. Chorioamnionitis confirmed on histopathology is associated with an increase in caesarean section rate due to fetal heart rate changes, increased risk of wound infection in mothers, and increased admission of the babies to SCBU.
Glutathione and oxidized nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) redox status in plasma and placental tissue of Saudi patients with intrauterine growth restriction; Objectives: To assess the oxidation state and gene expression profiles of relevant enzymes in intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) patients in Saudi Arabia. Methods: Current case-control study involved plasma and placental tissue samples from 25 IUGR patients and 25 healthy pregnant (HP) women attending the Obstetrics and Gynecology Clinic, King Khalid University Hospital, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, between April and November 2017. We compared hydrogen peroxide, superoxide anions, malondialdehyde, and oxidative stress markers levels and the activities of glutathione-related enzymes (glutathione peroxidase [GPx], glutathione reductase [GR], glutathione S-transferase [GST], glutamate cysteine ligase [GCL], glutathione synthetase [GS], reduced glutathione [GSH], oxidized glutathione [GSSG], and oxidized nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide [NAD+], and reduced NAD [NADH]) between the 2 groups. We also compared differential expression levels of glutathione-related enzyme genes using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Results: Oxidative stress markers significantly differed in IUGR samples, while GSH levels and GPx, GR, GST, GCL, and GS activities and their placental mRNA transcriptional levels were significantly lower. Plasma and placental NAD+levels were also significantly lower, while NADH levels were significantly higher, causing lowered NAD+-NADH ratios in the IUGR group compared to control. Conclusion: Intrauterine growth restriction patients show a metabolic shift in favor of oxidation compared to HP women.
Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 placental infection and inflammation leading to fetal distress and neonatal multi-organ failure in an asymptomatic woman; Background: In general, severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection during pregnancy is not considered to be an increased risk for severe maternal outcomes but has been associated with an increased risk for fetal distress. Maternal-fetal transmission of SARS-CoV-2 was initially deemed uncertain; however, recently a few cases of vertical transmission have been reported. The intrauterine mechanisms, besides direct vertical transmission, leading to the perinatal adverse outcomes are not well understood. Methods: Multiple maternal, placental, and neonatal swabs were collected for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 using real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). Serology of immunoglobulins against SARS-CoV-2 was tested in maternal, umbilical cord, and neonatal blood. Placental examination included immunohistochemical investigation against SARS-CoV-2 antigen expression, with SARS-CoV-2 ribonucleic acid (RNA) in situ hybridization and transmission electron microscopy. Results: RT-qPCRs of the oropharynx, maternal blood, vagina, placenta, and urine were all positive over a period of 6 days, while breast milk, feces, and all neonatal samples tested negative. Placental findings showed the presence of SARS-CoV-2 particles with generalized inflammation characterized by histiocytic intervillositis with diffuse perivillous fibrin depositions with damage to the syncytiotrophoblasts. Conclusions: Placental infection by SARS-CoV-2 leads to fibrin depositions hampering fetal-maternal gas exchange with resulting fetal distress necessitating a premature emergency cesarean section. Postpartum, the neonate showed a fetal or pediatric inflammatory multisystem-like syndrome with coronary artery ectasia temporarily associated with SARS-CoV-2 for which admittance and care on the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) were required, despite being negative for SARS-CoV-2. This highlights the need for awareness of adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes during the current coronavirus disease 2019 pandemic, especially considering that the majority of pregnant women appear asymptomatic.
Shock index as a predictor of maternal outcome in postpartum hemorrhage; Background: Postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) is one of the leading causes of maternal mortality. Shock index (SI) is a hemodynamic parameter for the early identification of hypovolemic shock. This study was conducted to establish the thresholds of SI for predicting the adverse outcomes in PPH and to compare the predictive value of SI with heart rate (HR) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) at the first hour of hemorrhage. Materials and Methods: This prospective cohort study was conducted at the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology in a tertiary care hospital at India. The study population consisted of 100 patients who were randomly selected and delivered after 28 weeks with visual blood loss greater than 500 mL in normal vaginal delivery and greater than 1000 mL during lower segment cesarean section (LSCS). HR, MAP, and SI were noted at the first hour of hemorrhage. Area under the receiver operator curve (AUROC) for SI, MAP, and HR for predicting the adverse outcomes such as need for blood transfusion (≥4 blood products), need for intensive care unit (ICU) admission, and need for operative interventions was established and compared. The Threshold value of SI predictive for the above outcomes was established. Results: SI greater than 1 was associated with the need for operative intervention, SI greater than 1.3 was associated with ICU admission, massive blood transfusion, and increased morbidity, and SI greater than 1.6 was associated with mortality. AUROC of SI [95% confidence interval (CI)] was highest when compared with MAP and HR for almost all outcomes. Conclusion: Shock index is a simple, noninvasive, and sensitive tool that can be used in PPH triage.
Evaluation of Transforming Growth Factor-β1 and Interleukin-35 Serum Levels in Patients with Placenta Accreta; Objective: Placenta accreta is a pregnancy-related disorder with extreme trophoblast invasion and the adherence of the placenta to the uterine wall. This study aimed to investigate the serum level of transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1) and interleukin (IL)-35 in patients with placenta accreta. Methods: Thirty-one women with placenta accreta and 57 healthy pregnant women were enrolled. The serum levels of TGF-β1 and IL-35 were measured using the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. Results: The serum levels of both TGF-β and IL-35 were significantly higher in the placenta accreta group compared with the group of healthy women (1082.48 pg/mL vs 497.33 pg/mL and 4541.14 pg/mL vs 1306.04 pg/mL; P <.001, respectively). Moreover, the level of TGF-β1 positively correlated with the IL-35 level but other factors such as age, gestations, live births, and abortions did not correlate with IL-35 and TGF-β1 levels. Conclusion: The serum levels of IL-35 and TGF-β1 may contribute to the pathogenesis of placenta accreta and could be considered as potential targets in clinical and diagnostic approaches.
Live Birth Following Uterine Transplantation From a Nulliparous Deceased Donor; Background. Nulliparous uterine grafts have never been used in uterus transplantation (UTx), possibly due to presumed infertility. Our objective was to verify the feasibility of nulliparous uterine graft transplantation. Methods. The Czech Uterus Transplant Trial (registered under ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03277430) is a 2-arm trial comparing the efficacy of deceased donor (DD) versus live-donor uterus transplant (10 patients in both arms). A 25-year-old patient suffering from inborn absolute uterine factor infertility underwent a DD uterus transplant. The donor was a 20-year-old nulliparous brain-dead donor. Results. The transplant procedure was uneventful. The posttransplant period was complicated by (1) recurrent episodes of acute cellular rejection, (2) neutropenia necessitating the administration of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor, (3) vaginal anastomotic stenosis treated with the insertion of a self-expanding stent, (4) the concurrence of Clostridium difficile colitis and acute appendicitis, and (5) temporary renal function impairment of a combined cause. Two years after the UTx, after the fourth embryo transfer, the patient became pregnant. Apart from gestational diabetes mellitus, the pregnancy was uneventful. Due to preterm contractions, delivery was achieved via caesarean section at gestational age 34 + 6 years. The postoperative course was uneventful for both the mother and the newborn. Conclusions. Herein, we report the first live birth after a DD UTx in Europe. This report provides a proof of concept that nulliparous uteri may present a suitable source of uterine grafts for UTx. Stenting may serve as a feasible treatment method for vaginal anastomotic stenosis.
Duration of being breastfed and risks of coronary heart disease in adulthood in a high-income country; Introduction: Evidence is scarce and inconsistent about whether being breastfed protects against the development of coronary heart disease (CHD) later in life. Apart from one study on CHD endpoints, all others used self-reported breastfeeding information, and were in populations exposed to under-rather than overnutrition. Therefore, the aim of this study was to examine the association between duration of being breastfed and CHD in adulthood in a cohort from a high-income country with information on a range of potentially confounding variables. Methods: We included 6,184 (3,050 women) individuals from the Copenhagen Perinatal Cohort born 1959-61 in Denmark. Information on duration of any breastfeeding was assessed by a physician interviewing the mothers at the infant's 1-year examination and was divided into quartiles (≤1, >1-2, >2-4, >4 months). CHD status (age ≥25 years) was obtained from the National Patient Register (n=394, 162 women). Hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for CHD were estimated by Cox proportional hazards regressions separately by sex with and without adjustment for parental social status and education, maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index, maternal diabetes and smoking during pregnancy, gestational weight gain, parity, preterm birth, and birth weight. Results: In the unadjusted analysis, there was a significant and inverse trend between quartiles of duration of having been breastfed and risk of CHD in adulthood in women (P=0.007), but not in men (P=0.23). Compared to women who were breastfed for ≤1 month, risks of CHD were lower in women who were breastfed for longer periods; >1-2 months (HR=0.63 [95% CI: 0.40-0.99], >2-4 months (HR=0.55 [0.35-0.86]) and >4 months (HR=0.64 [0.41-0.997]) in unadjusted analyses. After adjustment for potential confounders, the overall association in women remained significant (P=0.02) and those who were breastfed for >1-2 or >2-4 months had 39% and 47% reduced risks of CHD in adulthood (HR=0.61 [0.39-0.97], HR=0.53 [0.34-0.85]). Although no longer statistically significant, having been breastfed for >4 months was still inversely associated with adult CHD (HR=0.69 [0.43-1.10]). In men, no associations were statistically significant before or after adjustment for potential confounders (all P>0.22). Conclusion: When a range of CHD risk factors are considered, having been breastfed is associated with a reduced risk of CHD in women, but not in men. The results suggest that being breastfed for longer duration has a protective effect against this disease in women. A potential interaction with sex should be considered further.
Features of the perinatal period in children born to obese mothers; Introduction: Currently obesity is an important socio-economic problem in all countries. Mother's obesity contributes to the development of complications of pregnancy and childbirth, as well as a risk factor for congenital malformations in the fetus. Object: To reveal the features of the perinatal period in children born to obese mothers. Methods: The study identified the most frequent complications of pregnancy in obese women, such as: preeclampsia (10.7% and 1.8%, p<0.05), threat of interruption (17.2% and 3.6%, p<0.05), intrauterine growth retardation (8.6% and 2.6%, p<0.05). A burdened obstetric and gynecological anamnesis was recorded in 22.7% of obese patients, in patients with a normal body mass index-13.4% (p<0.05). Obese women were more likely to have concomitant extragenital pathology: diseases of the cardiovascular system (16.4% and 6.2%, p<0.05), urinary system (17.2% and 10.7% p<0.05), gastrointestinal tract (12.5% and 3.6%, p<0.05), endocrine system (22.7% and 12.5%, p<0.05). However, statistically significant differences in the frequency of occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus were not found in 16.4% in the group of obese mothers and 11.7% in the control group (p> 0.05). The manifestations of urogenital infection were observed equally often in both groups (7.8% and 5.4%, p> 0.05), also, no statistically significant differences were found concerning diseases of the respiratory system (27.3% and 21.4%, p> 0.05), respiratory viral infections during pregnancy (25% and 26.8%, p> 0.05), however, the use of antibiotics was more common in the group of obese mothers (7.8% and 2.7%, p<0.05). In obese women, cesarean section was performed more often than in the control group (40.6% and 15.2%, p> 0.05). Conclusion: Thus, the influence of overweight mothers is a risk factor for unfavorable perinatal outcomes, and has a negative impact on the development and health indicators of newborn. Further research is needed on the relationship between maternal obesity and the effect on the fetus. In the group of mothers with obesity, the birth of a large fetus was more often observed 21.1% in relation to the group of mothers with a normal body mass index-4.5% (p<0.05). In children born to obese mothers, in the early neonatal period, hyperbilirubinemia was most often observed (30.5% and 16.1%, p<0.05), hemolytic disease of the newborn (4.7% and 1.8%, p<0.05), asphyxia (12.5% and 1.8%, p<0.05) and genital crisis (7.0% and 1.7%, p<0.05). Children born to obese mothers more often required intensive care (11.7% and 1.8%, p<0.05), including more often required mechanical ventilation (3.9% and 1.8%, p<0.05).
Microsurgical salvage of neonatal upper limb ischaemia subsequent to intrauterine brachial vessel constriction; Introduction: We report a case of limb salvage due to intra uterine brachial artery thrombosis. Treatment modalities include medical, endovascular, and surgical. Early recognition, prompt institution of appropriate treatment and monitoring is vital to achieve successful revascularisation and prevention of lifelong morbidity. Description: A male baby at (36+6week) gestation was born to a nulliparous mother with gestational diabetes via uncomplicated elective caesarean section. The child was noted to have a 'flail' ischeamic limb post-delivery. There were no palpable pulses in the limb and ultrasonography confirmed thrombosis of the proximal brachial artery. Aetiology was due to dense fibrotic circumferential constriction of the brachial vessels and plexus. Successful revascularisation was achieved with a contralateral interposition reversed great saphenous vein graft. Discussion: Neonatal limb ischaemia is a rare disease entity with devastating morbidity-including compartment syndrome, tissue loss, limb loss, reduced limb growth, irreparable neuropathies and Volkmann's syndrome. The initial diagnosis is based on the characteristic sequelae of ischaemia. Therapy should be individualised based on the clinical presentation. Early recognition, prompt institution of appropriate treatment and monitoring is vital to achieve successful revascularisation and prevention of lifelong morbidity.
Characterisation of fetal cardiac function in fetuses at risk of cardiac dysfunction due to maternal diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Complications of diabetes in pregnancy include structural fetal anomalies and an increased risk of perinatal mortality and morbidity, including stillbirth. Epidemiological studies have shown increase in cardiac impairment in offspring. Current management and monitoring includes optimising glycaemic control, ultrasound surveillance (growth and Doppler scan) and planning delivery from 38 weeks gestation. There is very limited evidence regarding longitudinal cardiac function in fetuses from women with diabetes. Is there a measurable difference between fetal heart function in pregnancies complicated by diabetes and uncomplicated pregnancies? Could other types of ultrasound surveillance be more sensitive in assessing the effects of maternal diabetes on the fetus? Method: Prospective observational cohort study. 126 participants in the normal cohort, 50 participants in the diabetic cohort. Fetal cardiac function assessment every 4 weeks from enrolment (18-28 weeks) to term as well as standard biometry and Doppler assessment. Biomarker of cardiac dysfunction measured at birth from cord blood. Results: Normal reference ranges produced for TAPSE and MAPSE and strain and strain rate of right and left ventricles and other measured parameters produced. Differences found between several ultrasound parameters between the two cohorts. Differences in measured biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between the normal and diabetic cohorts.Normal reference ranges produced for TAPSE and MAPSE and strain and strain rate of right and left ventricles and other measured parameters produced. Differences found between several ultrasound parameters between the two cohorts. Differences in measured biomarkers of cardiac dysfunction in cord blood between the normal and diabetic cohorts. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes in pregnancy has a measurable affect on fetal cardiac function. Take home message: Assessing fetal cardiac function could provide additional information in managing women with diabetes in pregnancy.
Bandl's ring in a pregnancy complicated by macrosomia and systemic lupus erythematosus; Background: Bandl's ring is a rare pathological constriction of the myometrium that forms between the upper and lower uterine segments as a result of dystocia, affecting 1 in 5000 births. When diagnosed at caesarean section, it may cause entrapment of the fetal head or shoulders, causing infant mortality in more than 50% of cases. Case: AP is a 36-year-old nulliparous woman who had induction of labour at 39-week gestation for macrosomia (abdominal circumference on the 99th centile) on a background of systemic lupus erythematosus. She did not require cervical ripening. She had induction of labour with artificial rupture of membranes and IV Syntocinon. Approximately 9 hours later, she experienced fetal distress, with a tachycardic cardiotocograph and a fetal scalp lactate of 4.7 at 4 cm cervical dilatation, so underwent emergency caesarean section. At the time of uterine incision, a Bandl's ring was noted. The fetal head was delivered easily, but delivery of the body was severely restricted. Multiple attempts to release the shoulders were unsuccessful, before the posterior shoulder was delivered after inverted T-incision approximately 3 minutes after delivery of the head. Tocolytics were not administered. The remainder of the procedure was complicated by a uterine inversion, quickly corrected, during delivery of the placenta and postpartum haemorrhage of 1200 mL. A live female infant was delivered, not requiring resuscitation, and with no evidence of brachial plexus injury. Discussion: Bandl's ring is a rare, dangerous and poorly understood cause of dystocia. Increased awareness and training in managing this complication is required.
Pregnancy-related complications and incidence of atrial fibrillation: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Pregnancy-related complications have been previously associated with incident cardiovascular disease. However, data are scarce on the association between pregnancy-related complications and incident atrial fibrillation (AF). This systematic review examines associations between pregnancy-related complications and incident AF. Methods: A systematic search of the literature utilising MEDLINE and EMBASE (Ovid) was conducted from 1990 to 6 April 2020. Observational studies examining the association between pregnancy-related complications including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes, placental abruption, preterm birth, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age and stillbirth, and incidence of AF were included. Screening and data extraction were conducted independently by two reviewers. Inverse-variance random-effects models were used to pool hazard ratios. Results: Six observational studies met the inclusion criteria: one case-control study and five retrospective cohort studies, with four studies eligible for meta-analysis. Sample sizes ranged from 1,839-1,303,365. Mean/median follow-up for the cohort studies ranged from 7-36 years. Most studies reported an increased risk of incident AF associated with pregnancy-related complications. The pooled summary statistic from four studies reflected a greater risk of incident AF for HDP (hazard ratio (HR) 1.47, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 1.18-1.84; I2 = 84%) and from three studies for pre-eclampsia (HR 1.71, 95% CI 1.41-2.06; I2 = 64%; Figure). Conclusions: The results of this review suggest that pregnancy-related complications particularly pre-eclampsia appear to be associated with higher risk of incident AF. The small number of included studies and the significant heterogeneity in the pooled results suggest further large-scale prospective studies are required to confirm the association between pregnancy-related complications and AF. (Figure Presnted).
Rural southwest county jail may not meet recommendations for a heart-healthy diet during pregnancy; a descriptive study; Introduction: Pregnancy aged women are the fastest growing incarcerated population in the US. These women have little to no autonomy while incarcerated, including their nutritional intake. Inadequate macro and micronutrients during pregnancy can increase a mother's risk for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and coronary heart disease. However, it is unknown whether jails in the US provide adequate amounts of macro and micronutrients essential for pregnancy specific heart health while individuals are incarcerated. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that provisions from a rural Southwest county jail's 7 day cycle menu, a weekly repeating menu of three meals a day, will not meet pregnancy specific heart healthy diet recommendations. Specifically, provisions of the menu will exceed recommendations of sodium, saturated fat, omega 6 fatty acid, and added sugars, and fail to meet recommendations of whole grains. Methods: The 7 day cycle menu was manually inputted into NutritionCalc Plus and ASA24, dietary assessment tools used to measure macro and micronutrient quantities of inputted food items. Average weekly sodium (mg), saturated fat (g), omega 6 (g), added sugar (g), and whole grain (% in comparison to refined grains) provisions were determined by summing total provisions over the 3 meals per day for 7 days and diving by 7. Excess or deficiency of macro and micronutrientprovisions in the menu were estimated by determining as the proportions of macro and micronutrientprovisions compared to heart healthy recommendations. Results: Average daily provisions of the 7 day menu were 3,847mg sodium, 26g saturated fat, 15gomega 6, and 12g of added sugar. These provisions translate into 167% of sodium (3,847 of 2,300),200% saturated fat (26 of 13), 125% omega 6 (15 of 12), and 50% added sugar (12 of 24)guidelines of the heart healthy recommendations for pregnancy. Compared to whole grainrecommendations of at least half of grain servings per day as whole, the provisions from the menu were 23% (1.75 of 7.70). Conclusions: In conclusion, although added sugar provisions from a rural Southwest county jail's 7day cycle menu were appropriate for a pregnancy specific heart healthy diet, provisions of sodium,saturated fat, and omega 6 exceeded guidelines, with a deficiency in whole grains. County jailsshould consider providing meals that limit sodium, saturated fat, and omega 6 and emphasize wholegrains to ensure pregnant women in jail meet heart healthy recommendations to reducecardiovascular disease risk. This research warrants larger epidemiological studies and cardiovascular health outcomes among pregnant women in jail.
The associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular delivery complications: The national inpatient sample; Background: Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are at increased risk of long-term cardiovascular (CV) disease, but less is known about the spectrum of acute CV outcomes in women with various APOs. We evaluated the risk of CV events at delivery in women with gestational diabetes (GDM), gestational hypertension and preeclampsia/eclampsia (PEC), overall and by race/ethnicity, in a US sample. Methods: We used the 2016-2017 National Inpatient Sample survey data from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ). ICD10-CM diagnosis codes were used to identify women with a delivery hospitalization and to identify CV outcomes. We examined demographics and prevalence of CV events at delivery by the 3 APOs. Logistic regression was used to determine risk of various adverse CV events at delivery by APO, adjusted for age, income and hospital location. To generate national estimates, sampling weights provided by AHRQ were used. Results: Among 3,776,531 deliveries in 2016-2017, GDM was the most common APO (n=552,975; 7.3%). GDM occurred more frequently in Hispanics and Asians/Pacific Islanders (23% and 11%, respectively), while PEC occurred more frequently in Blacks (20%). While there was greater occurrence of CV events with all 3 APOs, after adjustment, only PEC was significantly associated with increased odds of adverse CV events [peripartum cardiomyopathy: OR 3.87 (95% CI 3.30-4.55), congestive heart failure: OR 4.04 (3.52-4.63), acute ischemic heart disease: OR 3.67 (2.65-5.08) and arrhythmias: OR 1.39 (1.22-1.59)]. Risk was elevated for Whites, Blacks, Hispanics and Asians/Pacific Islanders, although there was heterogeneity of the magnitude of risk by race/ethnicity( Table ). Discussion: Women with APOs, especially PEC, are more likely to experience acute CV complications at hospital delivery than women without APOs. While Black women are more likely to develop PEC, women of all race/ethnicities with PEC are at risk of CV complications.
Disparities in gestational diabetes mellitus among US-Vs. foreign-born women: An analysis of 2016-2017 national health interview survey; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy. Although GDM is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease it is unclear whether the associations between GDM prevalence and cardiometabolic risk factors differ between US-and foreign-born women and whether length of US residence influences these associations. Methods: We analyzed cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey among women currently living in the US who both reported ever being pregnant and responded to the survey question about GDM. Using generalized linear models with binomial distribution and logit link, we examined the prevalence of GDM by nativity status and length of US residence adjusting for potential confounders (Table). Results: Of 24,466 women, 14.3% were foreign-born. The crude prevalence of GDM was higher among foreign-born (9.0%) compared to US-born women (7.1%). Foreign-born women with ≥10 years of residence in the US had the highest age-standardized GDM prevalence (8.3%) compared to US-born (7.5%) and foreign-born women with <10 years US residence (4.8%). Among women with a history of GDM, US-born women were more likely to be overweight/ obese, report a history of hypertension, be current smokers and alcohol drinkers than foreign-born women. Among foreign-born women, those with ≥10 years of US residence had higher prevalence of hypertension, smoking and alcohol use than those with <10 years in the US. In the fully adjusted regression model, onlyforeign-born women with ≥10 years of residence in the US had a significantly higher prevalence of GDM than US-born women (PR=1.43; 95% CI:1.22-1.67). Conclusions: In this sample of women with self-reported GDM, greater length of US residencecontributes to nativity-related disparities in GDM. Acculturation, including changing health-relatedbehaviors, may have a larger impact on maternal health outcomes of foreign-born women, and should be a target of interventions to reduce GDM and future cardiovascular diseases.
Gestational diabetes and the long-term risk of maternal kidney disease: A Swedish national cohort study; BACKGROUND AND AIMS: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is increasingly common worldwide. GDM is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease in women. It is uncertain whether GDM is independently associated with long-term risk of maternal kidney disease. We aimed to examine the association between GDM and maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) and to determine whether this depends on progression to overt T2DM. METHOD: A nationwide retrospective cohort study was designed using data from the Swedish national registers. Women were included if their first delivery occurred between 1 January 1987 and 31 December 2012. Previous GDM was the main exposure variable, and this was stratified according to whether women developed T2DM after pregnancy. We estimated the risk of CKD, ESKD and different CKD subtypes (tubulointerstitial, glomerular, hypertensive, diabetic, other/non-specific). Coxproportional hazard regression models were used with time-dependent covariates. We adjusted for a wide range of confounders including maternal age, country of origin, maternal education, parity, antenatal BMI, gestational weight gain, smoking during pregnancy and preeclampsia. RESULTS: There were 1,121,633 women included, of whom 15,595 (1.4%) had a diagnosis of GDM. Overall, GDM-diagnosed women were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 1.81, 95% CI 1.54-2.14) and ESKD (aHR 4.52, 95% CI 2.75-7.44). Associations were strongest for diabetic CKD (aHR 8.81, 95% CI 6.36-12.19), hypertensive CKD (aHR 2.46, 95% CI 1.06-5.69), and glomerular CKD (aHR 1.86, 95% CI 1.37-2.51). However, these associations were largely explained by progression to post-pregnancy T2DM. Among women who had GDM + subsequent T2DM, strong associations were observed with CKD (aHR 21.70, 95% CI 17.17-27.42) and ESKD (aHR 112.37, 95% CI 61.22-206.38). By contrast, women who only experienced GDM (and no future T2DM) were not at significantly higher risk of CKD (aHR 1.11, 95% CI 0.89-1.38) or ESKD (aHR 1.58, 95% CI 0.70-3.60). CONCLUSION: Women who experience GDM are at increased risk of CKD and ESKD if they develop T2DM. However, GDM-diagnosed women who do not develop overt T2DM in later life have a similar risk of CKD/ESKD to those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
Zebrafish model of Gestational Diabetes; One in seven births in the US are affected by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). In addition to the acute risk of death and complications for the fetus, GDM exposure in utero leads to an increase in the development of cardiovascular diseases, obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome later in life. In utero fetal exposure to hyperglycemia leads to Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) in adulthood, later in life, characterized by increased lipid droplets in hepatocytes. Although the consequences of GDM in infants have been documented, the cellular, molecular and physiological mechanisms underlying the link between fetal hyperglycemia and metabolic consequences later in life is poorly understood. We recently developed a model of fetal hyperglycemia in zebrafish embryo, by exposure of zebrafish embryos to high glucose (4.5% or 5% w/v) for 24 hours. Glucose level was detected in the fish homogenate by glucometer. Body composition was detected by EcoMRI. Gene expression of glycolytic and lipogenic markers (Glucokinase, Hexokinase, Pyruvate Kinase, Acetyl CoA Carboxylase, Fatty Acid Synthase) was quantified by RT-qPCR. Adiposity was assessed by Nile red staining and liver lipid droplet accumulation was performed to evaluate NAFLD. Additionally, the enzymes involved in Triglyceride and Cholesterol synthesis (Acetyl-CoA and Malonyl-CoA) were assessed by ELISA. Our data demonstrate that zebrafish embryos exposed to high glucose and raised to adulthood under normal glycemic conditions (normal fish diet) have significant increase in body mass index (826.6±26.34 Vs. 598.8± 33.89) g/m and fat mass (12.07± 2.92 Vs 3.4± 0.4) g, develop obesity (by size), have increased adiposity and develop NAFLD, however these adults are normoglycemic. At the cellular and molecular level, our results show a differential increase in glycolytic and lipogenic gene expression. Moreover, there was significant increases in Acetyl-CoA (2.5-fold) and Malonyl-CoA (1.4-fold) levels that was associated with increased cholesterol (57.92± 0.7 Vs 34.8±1.01) uM and Triglyceride (4.1± 0.75 Vs 0.98±0.27) levels in embryos exposed to high glucose compared to control group. Together our results show that fetal exposure to glucose leads to metabolic consequences later in life including obesity and NAFLD under normal diet. We also concluded from our results that fetal hyperglycemia increases glycolysis and lipogenesis. Moreover, our project demonstrates that the zebrafish is an excellent system to model fetal hyperglycemia by focusing on direct glucose exposure of the embryo without the need of modifying the glucose levels of the mother. Experiments utilizing both genetic and pharmacological approaches are in progress to investigate if the molecular changes observed during fetal life under glucose exposure are persistent in the adults.
Lifestyle changes normalize serum lactate levels in an m.3243a>g carrier; Objective: Background: Case Report: Conclusions: Challenging differential diagnosis The normalization of serum lactate levels in a patient with non-syndromic mitochondrial disorder due to the m.3243A>G mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) variant has not been previously reported. A 57-year-old woman was diagnosed with mitochondrial encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke-like epi-sodes (MELAS) due to the m.3243A>G variant, with low heteroplasmy rates (31%), at age 50. The initial mani-festations were short stature, migraine, and diabetes. With progression of the disease, multisystem involvement developed, affecting the brain (stroke-like episode, mild cognitive impairment), eyes (pigmentary retinopathy), ears and the vestibular system (impaired hearing, tinnitus, imbalance, drop attacks, vertigo), intestines (con-stipation, distended abdomen, gastro-esophageal reflux, gastroparesis), and the muscles (muscle weakness). The gastrointestinal involvement was most prominent and most significantly lowered the patient’s quality of life. The diabetes was well controlled with an insulin pump. Recurrent, acute deteriorations responded favor-ably to L-arginine. Owing to lifestyle and diet changes 2 years after diagnosis (start of art classes, increase in spin biking to 22.5 km 3 times per week, travel to Hawaii, adherence to low-carbohydrate high-protein diet), the patient managed to lower elevated serum lactate levels to largely normal values. Gastrointestinal compromise may be the prominent manifestation of the m.3243A>G variant, lifestyle and diet changes may lower serum lactate in m.3243A>G carriers, and low heteroplasmy rates of the m.3243A>G variant in scarcely affected tissues do not exclude pathogenicity.
Maternal Vitamin B12 Status During Pregnancy and Its Association With Outcomes of Pregnancy and Health of the Offspring: A Systematic Review and Implications for Policy in India; Background: Vitamins B12 and folate participate in the one-carbon metabolism cycle and hence regulate fetal growth. Though vitamin B12 deficiency is widely prevalent, the current public health policy in India is to supplement only iron and folic acid for the prevention of anaemia. Prompted by our research findings of the importance of maternal vitamin B12 status for a healthy pregnancy, birth and offspring health outcomes, we evaluated available literature evidence using a systematic review approach, to inform policy. Methods: A systematic search was performed for relevant Indian studies in the MEDLINE/PubMed and IndMed databases. We selected studies reporting maternal vitamin B12 status (dietary intake or blood concentrations), and/or metabolic markers of vitamin B12 deficiency (homocysteine, methylmalonic acid) or haematological indices during pregnancy and their associations with outcomes of pregnancy, infancy or in later life. Intervention trials of vitamin B12 during pregnancy were also included. Quality of evidence was assessed on the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system. We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement. Results: Of the 635 articles identified, 46 studies met the inclusion criteria (cohort studies-26, case-control studies-13, RCT’s -7). There is a high prevalence of vitamin B12 deficiency in Indian women during pregnancy (40-70%) (3 studies). Observational studies support associations (adjusted for potential sociodemographic confounders, maternal body size, postnatal factors) of lower maternal B12, higher homocysteine or an imbalance between vitamin B12-folate status with a higher risk of NTDs (6 studies), pregnancy complications (recurrent pregnancy losses, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia) (9 studies), lower birth weight (10 studies) and adverse longer-term health outcomes in the offspring (cognitive functions, adiposity, insulin resistance) (11 studies). Vitamin B12 supplementation (7 RCT’s) in pregnancy showed a beneficial effect on offspring neurocognitive development and an effect on birth weight was inconclusive. There is a high quality evidence to support the role of low maternal vitamin B12 in higher risk for NTD and low birth weight and moderate-quality evidence for higher risk of gestational diabetes and later life adverse health outcomes (cognitive functions, risk for diabetes) in offspring. Conclusion: In the Indian population low maternal vitaminB12 status, is associated with adverse maternal and child health outcomes. The level of evidence supports adding vitamin B12 to existing nutritional programs in India for extended benefits on outcomes in pregnancy and offspring health besides control of anaemia. Systematic Review Registration: [website], identifier [registration number]
Maternal weight change from prepregnancy to 18 months postpartum and subsequent risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease in Danish women: A cohort study; Background One-fourth of women experience substantially higher weight years after childbirth. We examined weight change from prepregnancy to 18 months postpartum according to subsequent maternal risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods and findings We conducted a cohort study of 47,966 women with a live-born singleton within the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC; 1997–2002). Interviews during pregnancy and 6 and 18 months postpartum provided information on height, gestational weight gain (GWG), postpartum weights, and maternal characteristics. Information on pregnancy complications, incident hypertension, and CVD was obtained from the National Patient Register. Using Cox regression, we estimated adjusted hazard ratios (HRs; 95% confidence interval [CI]) for hypertension and CVD through 16 years of follow-up. During this period, 2,011 women were diagnosed at the hospital with hypertension and 1,321 with CVD. The women were on average 32.3 years old (range 18.0–49.2) at start of follow-up, 73% had a prepregnancy BMI <25, and 27% a prepregnancy BMI ≥25. Compared with a stable weight (±1 BMI unit), weight gains from prepregnancy to 18 months postpartum of >1–2 and >2 BMI units were associated with 25% (10%–42%), P = 0.001 and 31% (14%–52%), P < 0.001 higher risks of hypertension, respectively. These risks were similar whether weight gain presented postpartum weight retention or a new gain from 6 months to 18 months postpartum and whether GWG was below, within, or above the recommendations. For CVD, findings differed according to prepregnancy BMI. In women with normal-/underweight, weight gain >2 BMI units and weight loss >1 BMI unit were associated with 48% (17%–87%), P = 0.001 and 28% (6%–55%), P = 0.01 higher risks of CVD, respectively. Further, weight loss >1 BMI unit combined with a GWG below recommended was associated with a 70% (24%–135%), P = 0.001 higher risk of CVD. No such increased risks were observed among women with overweight/obesity (interaction by prepregnancy BMI, P = 0.01, 0.03, and 0.03, respectively). The limitations of this observational study include potential confounding by prepregnancy metabolic health and self-reported maternal weights, which may lead to some misclassification. Conclusions Postpartum weight retention/new gain in all mothers and postpartum weight loss in mothers with normal-/underweight may be associated with later adverse cardiovascular health.
When should cardiovascular prevention begin? The importance of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention; Cardiovascular diseases represent a major health problem, being one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality worldwide. Therefore, in this scenario, cardiovascular prevention plays an essential role although it is difficult to establish when promoting and implementing preventive strategies. However, there is growing evidence that prevention should start even before birth, during pregnancy, aiming to avoid the onset of cardiovascular risk factors, since events that occur early in life have a great impact on the cardiovascular risk profile of an adult. The two pillars of this early preventive strategy are nutrition and physical exercise, together with prevention of cardiometabolic diseases during pregnancy. This review attempts to gather the growing evidence of the benefits of antenatal, perinatal and primordial prevention, discussing also the possibility to reverse or to mitigate the cardiovascular profile developed in the initial stages of life. This could pave the way for future research, investigating the optimal time and duration of these preventing measures, their duration and maintenance in adulthood, and the most effective interventions according to the different age and guiding in the next years, the best clinical practice and the political strategies to cope with cardiovascular disease.
Physiological parameters monitored on bottlenose dolphin neonates (Tursiops truncatus, montagu 1821) over the first 30 days of life; Bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops truncatus) have been bred under human care for more than 60 years. Calves up to 30 days of life have presented the highest mortality rate, although comparable data for free-ranging neonates within this age group is not available. Husbandry measures to increase survivability have therefore been constantly improved. This work shows the results of a structured veterinary program that established the procedures to collect relevant physiological parameters on 13 calves during their first 30 days of life. Standardized observation protocols facilitated statistical analysis of the respiratory pattern, nursing, morphometric measurements and bloodwork. These allow early detection of health issues. Healthy neonates had longer apnea duration, despite the shape and size of the facility. The nursing pattern showed that successful calves started nursing 3 to 18 h postpartum. Although with different individual patterns, a steady increase in suckling time occurs during the first 24 h of life. The healthy neonates grew 0.428 ± 0.102 kg per day and the complete blood count profile, glucose, iron, blood urea nitrogen (BUN), total protein, Alanine ami-notransferase (ALT), Aspartate aminotransferase (AST), Gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), cre-atinine and electrolytes values considered normal for healthy calves are provided. Furthermore, cholesterol, triglycerides, α-amylase, lipase, magnesium and cortisol are reported for the first time for such young calves. A list of indications for prompt intervention is included.
Transplacental transmission of SARS-CoV-2 infection: A case report from Iran; We report a case of SARS-CoV-2 vertical transmission through the placenta in a neonate whose mother had non-M3 acute myeloid leukemia (AML) that was complicated with Covid-19 in the last trimester. Viral load in nasopharyngeal swabs from mother and neonate were high. Real-time PCR of the fetal side of the placenta was positive for SARS-CoV-2, which makes it possible to consider this case as a congenital case of SARS-CoV-2 infection that is transmitted through vertical transmission.
Safety review of hydroxyprogesterone caproate in women with a history of spontaneous preterm birth; 17-alpha-hydroxyprogesterone caproate (17P) has been in use for prevention of recurrent preterm birth since 2003 when the Meis trial was published. A requirement for Food and Drug Administration approval of 17P was a confirmatory trial, called “PROLONG”, which was recently completed, but did not replicate the efficacy demonstrated in the Meis trial. This review analyzes the safety data from each trial, as well as integrated data from the two trials. The relative risks (95% CI) with 17P versus placebo in the integrated dataset were 0.66 (0.25–1.78) for miscarriage, 1.83 (0.68–4.91) for stillbirth, and 0.86 (0.53–1.41) for all fetal and neonatal death. The rate of gestational diabetes in the integrated dataset was 3.6% for 17P vs. 3.8% for placebo. Similar findings with low and comparable rates between 17P and placebo were also found for other adverse events. The integrated safety data demonstrate a favorable safety profile that was comparable to placebo.
Fetal Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) in Holoprosencephaly and Associations With Clinical Outcome: Implications for Fetal Counseling; Holoprosencephaly is the most common malformation of forebrain development and includes a wide spectrum of severity. The objective of this retrospective study was to evaluate fetal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) associations with outcome. Of the 63 cases identified on antenatal ultrasonography, 28 cases were confirmed on fetal MRI. There were 17 live births; 9 patients died within the first month of life. There were 7 survivors. The vast majority were nonambulatory and required feeding support; none required respiratory support. We found that presence and number of non–holoprosencephaly-associated malformations was also associated with survival. Of 5 patients with 3 or more systemic anomalies, 4 died regardless of holoprosencephaly subtype and 1 was lost to follow-up. Patients with suspected holoprosencephaly on ultrasonography should have full body fetal MRI and echocardiogram to better evaluate systemic anomalies. Counseling should involve pediatric palliative care services to prepare families in caring for babies with limited life span.
Comparison of VEGF-A values between pregnant women with COVID-19 and healthy pregnancies and its association with composite adverse outcomes; The aim is to compare VEGF-A values between pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) and healthy controls. Furthermore, the association of inflammation parameters, disease severity, and obstetric complications with VEGF-A was investigated. This prospective case-control study was conducted on pregnant women who were admitted to Ankara City Hospital between June 14, 2020 and August 28, 2020. Pregnant women with COVID-19 (n = 95) were compared with a control group of healthy pregnant women (n = 92) with similar clinical and demographic characteristics. Demographic features, clinical characteristics, laboratory test results, VEGF-A values were compared between the groups. A correlation analysis was performed between VEGF-A levels, inflammation parameters, and clinical characteristics of the cases for pregnant women with COVID-19. VEGF-A levels were also compared between patients with composite adverse outcome and patients without any complication in the COVID-19 group. The two groups were similar except for obstetric complications (p >.05). The obstetric complication rate was higher in the COVID-19 group (p =.02). The two groups were comparable in terms of neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio and VEGF-A values. VEGF-A values were slightly different between the trimesters. A negative moderate statistically significant correlation was found between the neutrophil and VEGF-A values (r = −0.231, p =.02). VEGF-A values were similar between patients with and without composite adverse outcomes (p >.05). VEGF-A values were similar between pregnant women with COVID-19 and healthy controls.
Prevention of neonatal hypoglycemia with oral glucose gel for high-risk newborns; Background: Neonatal hypoglycemia (glucose <47) is the most common metabolic problem in newborns (incidence 5%-15%) and can cause adverse outcomes, even in the absence of noticeable symp-toms. Oral glucose gel (OGG) is safe and effective for treatment of neonatal hypoglycemia. In order to reduce interventions such as intravenous (IV) dextrose administration and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) transfer, in October 2017, we implemented a protocol in our Level 1 rural community hospital to identify newborns with asymptomatic hypoglycemia based on risk factors and treat them with OGG. Risk factors include large or small size for gestational age, maternal gestational diabetes, preterm and late preterm birth, and newborns requiring resuscitation. Methods: Chart review was performed for all infants born at our hospital from October 1, 2016 through September 30, 2018. Data for year 1—the period before protocol implementation (October 2016-September 2017)—was compared to post implementation data from year 2 (October 2017-September 2018). Results: There was a significant risk reduction in newborns requiring interventions due to hypoglycemia after protocol implementation (P= 0.029, Student t test). In year one, 7 of 310 total newborns required IV dextrose or NICU transfer related to neonatal hypoglycemia. In year two, 108 out of 250 total newborns were tested for asymptomatic hypoglycemia based on risk factors identified in the protocol. Of those tested, 31 newborns demonstrated hypoglycemia and received OGG. None of the 250 newborns required further associated interventions. Conclusion: Protocol-based hypoglycemia testing based on risk factors with subsequent OGG administration was effective in reducing the need for IV dextrose and NICU transfer from our Level 1 rural community hospital.
A ten-year, single institution experience with percutaneous nephrostomy during pregnancy; Purpose: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of percutaneous nephrostomy (PCN) in pregnancy. Materials and methods: PCN tubes were placed during 52 pregnancies in 49 patients from 2008 to 2018. The medical records during pregnancies were retrospectively reviewed for imaging findings, procedural parameters, outcomes of delivery, and complications. Results: The mean gestational age on percutaneous nephrostomy placement was 27 weeks (range, 8–36 weeks). PCN catheters were placed for the following indications: 1) flank or lower abdominal pain (42%), 2) obstructing calculi (37%), 3) pyelonephritis (20%), and 4) obstructing endometrioma (2%). Prior to PCN, retrograde ureteric stenting was performed in 17 of 49 patients (34%) and attempted but failed in 4 patients (8%). Nephrostomy drainage relieved pain completely or significantly in all 12 patients without prior ureteral stenting, but in only 4 of 10 with retrograde ureteric stents. In one patient in whom the ureteral stent had been removed, PCN relieved her flank pain. The mean number of PCN catheter exchanges was 1.6, ranging from 0 to 9, with a mean time interval of 21.3 days between exchanges. There were 29 difficult exchanges due to encrustation in 15 patients with a mean of 20.5 days between exchanges. Conclusions: PCN drainage is a safe and effective treatment for managing symptomatic hydronephrosis in pregnant patients but is less effective in treating pain when retrograde ureteral stents are in place. Rapid encrustation, seen more commonly in pregnancy, tends to recur in the same patients and requires more frequent exchanges than the general population.
Nutritional and developmental programming effects of insulin; The discovery of insulin in 1921 was a major breakthrough in medicine and for therapy in patients with diabetes. The dramatic rise in the prevalence of overweight and obesity has been tightly linked to an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which poses major health concerns. Babies born to GDM mothers are more likely to develop obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Evidence accumulated during the past two decades has revealed that high levels insulin, such as those observed during GDM, can have a widespread effect on the development and function of a variety of organs. This review summarises our current knowledge on the role of insulin in the placenta, cardiovascular system and brain during critical periods of development, as well as how it can contribute to lifelong metabolic regulation. We also discuss possible intervention strategies to ameliorate and hopefully reverse the developmental defects associated with obesity and GDM.
Diminished substrate-mediated cardiac mitochondrial respiration and elevated autophagy in adult male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Heart diseases are common in the offspring of diabetic mother (ODM). Defects in mitochondrial metabolism and autophagy may, in part, be responsible for the adverse structural and functional alterations in the heart. The principal objective of this study was to investigate cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in male and female offspring of diabetic pregnancy at two different developmental stages of life, weaning and adult. Male and female offspring of rats with streptozotocin-induced gestational diabetes were used for the study and compared with offspring of control (non-diabetic) mother (OCM) rats. High-resolution respirometry was used to measure substrate-mediated respiration in mitochondria isolated from ventricular tissues of ODM and OCM. Expression of proteins associated with autophagy and oxidative stress was examined by western blot analysis. Mitochondrial complex I and complex II respiration was significantly reduced in adult male ODM while it was unaltered or less affected in weaning male, adult and weaning female ODM. Elevated autophagy was observed in adult male but not in adult female ODM. Expression of oxidative stress markers was observed to be similar in all the groups. Altered cardiac mitochondrial respiration and autophagy were observed in adult male ODM compared to OCM, while the male and female offspring at weaning stage were less affected. The results of the study show that maternal hyperglycemia affects mitochondrial respiration and autophagy in the ODM heart, which may potentially be responsible for the cardiovascular complications observed in adult life.
A newborn's hyperinsulinemia workup results in discovering likely cause of father's rhabdomyolysis: expanding the phenotype of KCNJ11-related disorders; Genetic disorders of pancreatic beta cell secretion leading to congenital or familial hyperinsulinism (HI) are the most common cause of severe and persistent hypoglycemia in infants and children. The most common genetic etiologies in children with congenital HI are inactivating missense mutations in the genes that encode for the two subunits of the pancreatic beta cell potassium ATP channel (KATP), ABCC8 and KCNJ11. While these disorders are well described in the literature, until 2014, the association between congenital HI and rhabdomyolysis had not been reported (Albaqumi et al. 2014). Herein, we report a patient with a heterozygous paternally inherited variant of uncertain significance in KCNJ11: c.617G>A (p.Arg206His). Our proband was an 11 day old LGA male born at 38 weeks 5 days gestation to nonconsanguineous parents (birth weight 4080 g, 91st % tile). There was no history of maternal or gestational diabetes. He underwent genetic testing for persistent hypoglycemia resulting in seizures that required frequent D10 boluses and continuous feeds initially in the NICU. Endocrinology was consulted. Total insulin level drawn while patient was hypoglycemic was elevated at 9.4 μU/mL. A hyperinsulinism panel (23 genes) with del/dup analysiswas obtained. The probandwas responsive to diazoxide and maintained stable blood sugars on discharge with scheduled feeds. Boodhansingh et al. 2019 described 6 newnovel missense variants in (KATP) in 11 probands with HI which added to the 62 monoallelic mutations in ABCC8 and KCNJ11 already known. One of those novel variants described was a maternally inherited c.617G>A (p.Arg206His) in KCNJ11 that was responsive to diazoxide. Novel mutations were confirmed to be dominant based on in vitro expression studies and in vivo testing. That patient's mother did not experience significant hypoglycemia symptoms. Our proband's father is a 28 year old Caucasian male with a history of vague myalgias, arthralgias, headaches, and intermittent fatigue and dizziness during his adolescence. He recalled that eating would improve his symptoms. At age 18, he was hospitalized for nausea, fatigue and emesis after a period of vigorous exercise when he was found to have severe rhabdomyolysis with creatinine kinase (CK) greater than 150,000 that lead to anuria and acute renal failure requiring 2 weeks of hemodialysis. The etiology of that episode of rhabdomyolysis at the time was attributed to his lifestyle as a collegiate athlete (vigorous exercise) combined with dehydration. He was not found to be hypoglycemic during that admission nor on subsequent follow up labs. Upon chart review, the patient's father had normalization of BUN and creatinine by 4 years status post admission, and annual kidney function evaluation was discontinued. Our proband's diagnosis and the paternal genetic results prompted reinvolvement of nephrology and endocrinology for the patient's father. At that time he had mild hypophosphatemia (5.4), normal BUN and creatinine, but mildly elevated CK (250). His C-peptide, total insulin levels and TSH were normal (not drawn at a time when he was definitively hypoglycemic). He has had no additional hospitalizations or required dialysis after his acute renal failure at age 18 although he continues to have hypophosphatemia and persistently mildly elevated CK. Currently he is advised to abstain from strenuous exercise, carbohydrate rich meals, and to check blood sugars daily and monitor clinically for symptoms of hypoglycemia. This report expands the phenotype of those with KCNJ11-related congenital HI and reports the second individual with rhabdomyolysis with a KCNJ-11 HI. We propose monitoring for physical signs and symptoms of rhabdomyolysis as part of healthcare surveillance in patients with this condition. Multidisciplinary involvement of genetics, nephrology, and endocrinology is recommended to facilitate appropriate genetic testing and counseling and prognostic guidance. More case reports and case series are needed to better understand the association between HI and rhabdomyolysis such that effective surveillance and treatment strategies can be established.
Metastatic neuroblastoma at young age in Sotos syndrome - consideration of routine tumor screening; Sotos syndrome is an overgrowth syndrome caused by variants in the NSD1 gene. Features of Sotos syndrome include height and headcircumference >97th percentile, distinctive facial appearance, largehands and feet, advanced bone age, cardiac and renal anomalies andseizures. Macrocephaly is usually noted at birth and distinct facialfeatures emerge between 1–6 years of age. Screening and managementinclude echocardiogram, baseline renal ultrasound, ophthalmologicand audiologic evaluations and awareness of associatedsymptoms. Though there is increased incidence of malignancy as inother overgrowth syndromes, routine screening is not consistentlyrecommended.The proband presented with macrosomia, macrocephaly and multipleintracranial abnormalities on prenatal ultrasound. Fetal MRI at 33weeks gestational age showed symmetric enlargement of the lateralventricles with well-defined cysts adjacent to frontal horn and slighturinary tract dilation. He was born at 39 weeks 1 day via C-section,measuring > 99th percentile for birth weight, length and headcircumference. Physical examination in the newborn period wasnotable for hypertelorism, macrocephaly, and heart murmur.Postnatal echo showed moderate PDA and PFO with left to rightshunt. A postnatal brain MRI at 2 months of age showed bilateral cysticlesions along the lateral aspect of the frontal horns, as well as mildlyprominent ventricles and decreased white matter volume. He wasevaluated by our genetics division at 2 months of age. On physicalexam, hewas noted to be macrosomic, macrocephalic, with hypotoniaand hyperreflexia. Genetic testing revealed a heterozygous pathogenicvariant in NSD1, p.Q1358X, diagnostic for Sotos syndrome. At 4 monthsof age, he developed eyemovements concerning for seizures. EEGwasnormal and physical examwas thought to be consistent with spasmusnutans, with no noted nystagmus or myoclonus. A baseline renalultrasound performed at 4 months of age to screen for anomaliesassociated with Sotos syndrome showed a heterogeneous masssuperior to the right kidney, concerning for neuroblastoma. A likelybenign liver cyst was also noted. Urine catecholamines were found tobe positive and AFP levelwas slightly elevated for age. Subsequent MRIrevealed an enlarged right adrenal gland with likely hemorrhagewithin a solid adrenal gland mass, large retroperitoneal mass at thelevel of the kidneys encasing greater than 180 degrees of the aorta, andisolated proteinaceous cyst vs hemorrhagic metastatic focus in theright lobe of the liver along with innumerable subcentimeter lesionsthroughout the liver. MIBG showed avid lesions in the right adrenalgland and retroperitoneal lymph nodes. Given the likely diagnosis ofneuroblastoma and continued abnormal eye movements, the diagnosisof opsoclonus myoclonus syndrome was considered. At 5 monthsold, he underwent an exploratory laparotomy, wedge resection of theliver, as well as biopsy of the retroperitoneal mass, and neuroblastomawas confirmed on pathology. Currently, he is 6 months old and basedupon genetic and histologic features, has started chemotherapy forStage 4 intermediate risk neuroblastoma.Overgrowth, macrocephaly, and increased risk for embryonal tumorsare well-known features of Sotos syndrome. Neuroradiologicalfindings associated with Sotos syndrome include anomalies of thecorpus callosum, periventricular leukomalacia and abnormalities ofthe cerebral ventricles including ventriculomegaly, prominent trigoneand occipital horns, but cysts and whitematter changes have not beenreported. Incidence of neuroblastoma is also considered rare, and theincidence rate of any malignant neoplasia with Sotos syndrome isestimated at between 2.3% to 5%. Because of this, surveillanceguidelines for tumors in Sotos syndrome are limited. Lapunzina(2005) outlined a tumor screening regimen trying to optimize thecost-benefit ratio of screenings specific to individualized overgrowthsyndromes. For Sotos syndrome, this includes physical exam, screeningfor hematologic malignancies, urine catecholamines, urinalysis,abdominal ultrasounds and chest X-ray on at least an annual basis, butsubsequent guidelines from Villani et al. (2017) recommend onlyincreased awareness. Our patient is the youngest reported case ofSotos syndrome with associated neuroblastoma. Given the extremelyyoung age of metastatic neuroblastoma and discrepancy in theliterature, this case warrants more investigation into establishingclear and robust surveillance guidelines for individuals with Sotossyndrome. Our team is exploring establishing a registry to furtherthese goals. This case also helps highlight features such as subependymalcysts and white matter changes not typically associatedwith Sotos syndrome
WNT5A haploinsufficiency and gestational diabetes in a newborn with multiple congenital anomalies: a likely gene-environment interaction; Variants identified in patients with comorbidities and environmental exposures can complicate their interpretation. This case describes amale neonate with multiple congenital anomalies, antenatal exposuresand a variant of uncertain significance in WNT5A.Antenatally, the pregnancy was complicated by maternal hypertension,type 2 diabetes with hemoglobin A1c of 11 prior to pregnancy,pneumonia, pulmonary embolism and cardiomyopathy. Imaging at 21weeks gestation identified complex cardiac defects, clenched fists,bilateral absence of the tibia and fibula, abnormal posturing of the feetand shortened femurs, shortening of the upper extremities, suspectedsacral agenesis, micrognathia, fetal growth restriction and a singleumbilical artery. Amniocentesis was performed and both thekaryotype and chromosomal microarray (CMA) showed normal maleresults, 46,XY.arr(XY)x1,(1–22)x2.Our patient was born at 34w2d to a 29-year-old G7P6 mother, bycesarean section due to preeclampsia and breech presentation. Herequired intubation in the NICU. His physical exam and postnatalimaging showed severe micrognathia, smooth philtrum, systolicejection murmur, severe rhizomelic and mezomelic shortening withbilateral clubbed feet,11 ribs on the right,10 ribs on the left, abnormalsacrum, camptodactyly of the upper extremities and bilateralcryptorchidism. Neonatal echocardiogram showed truncus arteriosuswith biventricular hypertrophy, small to moderate atrial shunt, largemuscular inlet ventricular septal defect and branch pulmonaryarteries not well defined with concern for discontinuation.While suspicious of diabetic embryopathy, our patient’s severephenotype prompted genetic evaluation with rapid duo-exome,postnatal CMA and FISH analysis for the 22q11 region. The duoexomeidentified a novel, non-maternal, heterozygous WNT5A(NM_003392.4):c.41del (p.L14Wfs*14). Variants in WNT5A are associatedwith autosomal dominant Robinow Syndrome (RS); however,while our patient’s phenotype had some similarities to RS, his clinicalcourse was more severe than would be expected. There is no familyhistory of RS and the father of the child is reportedly of average heightand good health but was not available for molecular testing.Classification of this variant hinges on the strength and applicability ofPVS1 criteria and PM6/PS2 (PMID: 25741868). Evidence providessupport for an interaction effect of this variant and the antenatalenvironment but does not meet the threshold for likely pathogenic.This variant is predicted to result in nonsense mediated decay;however, loss-of-function is not a known disease mechanism and it isunclear if this clinical presentation could be explained by haploinsufficiencyof WNT5A. Reported variants in WNT5A with a clinicaldiagnosis of autosomal dominant Robinow Syndrome are missense(24716670, 19918918). Population data suggests constraint consistentwith absence of truncating variants 5’ of the theoretical NMDboundary (c.634), absence of canonical splice variants in gnomADand a pLI score of 0.99 (30192042, 28552198). However, there are a fewpublished cases of truncating WNT5Avariants. A patient homozygousfor c.561del presented with similar complex cardiac anomalies to ourpatient as well as thoracic abnormalities, genitourinary and skeletalfindings, however his confirmed heterozygous parents were healthy(29575631, 25898814). In another case with an inherited heterozygousc.325C>T variant, the patient had isolated left-sided renalagenesis (29220675). Additional evidence for loss-of-function isfound in published zebrafish and Wnt5a−/− mouse models(100021340, 17515859, 25412793, 29276006, 32046118). The phenotypesinclude complex cardiac anomalies of the outflow tracts,abnormal lung lobulation and histology, duplex kidney, skeletalanomalies of the limbs, thorax and caudal regression and absentgenital tubercle. Heterozygous mice were apparently normal.Additionally, several lines of evidence support a role for WNTsignalingin the pathogenesis of diabetic embryopathy includingreduced expression of Wnt5a in diabetes exposed embryos(18937363, 25813538, 25540130).Ultimately, our patient suffered pneumothorax leading to cardiacarrest and demise. The postmortem evaluation uncovered additionalanomalies that were similar to published Wnt5a−/− mouse models. Itrevealed right pulmonary artery stenosis, atretic mitral and bicuspidvalves, abnormal branching pattern of the bronchi entering a singlelobe on each side, duplex right kidney with two ureters andpelvicalyceal cyst in left lower kidney.We hypothesize the patient’s phenotype was due to insufficientexpression of WNT5A resulting from heterozygosity for a null variant and exacerbated by maternal diabetes, leading to severely abnormalearly development
POS-468 PROTEINURIA AND VENOUS THROMBOEMBOLISM IN PREGNANCY: A POPULATION-BASED COHORT STUDY; Introduction: Pregnancy associated venous thromboembolism (VTE) is associated with high morbidity and mortality. Identification of risk factors of VTE may lead to improved maternal and fetal outcomes Proteinuria confers a pro-thrombotic state; however, its association with VTE in pregnancy remains unknown. We set out to assess the association of proteinuria and VTE during pregnancy. Methods: Population-based, retrospective cohort study of all pregnant women (≥ 16 years old) with a proteinuria measure within 20 weeks of conception date (n=306,244, mean age 29.8) from Ontario, Canada. Proteinuria was defined by any of the following: urine albumin to creatinine ratio ≥3 mg/mmol, urine protein to creatinine ratio ≥ 5 mg/mmol or urine dipstick proteinuria ≥ 1. The main outcome measure was a diagnosis of VTE up to 24 weeks post-partum. Results: A positive proteinuria measurement occurred in 8,508 (2.78%) women and was more common with a history of kidney disease, gestational or non-gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. VTE events occurred in 625 (0.20%) individuals with a higher risk among women with a positive proteinuria (32 events, 0.38%) compared to women without proteinuria (593 events, 0.20%) [inverse probability weighted risk ratio 1.79, 95% CI 1.25 to 2.57]. The association was consistent using a more specific VTE definition, in the post-partum period, in high risk subgroups (hypertension or diabetes) and when the sample was restricted to women with preserved kidney function. Conclusions: The presence of proteinuria in the first 20 weeks of pregnancy is associated with a significantly higher risk of VTE. No conflict of interest
Associations of Maternal Androgen-Related Conditions with Risk of Autism Spectrum Disorder in Progeny and Mediation by Cardiovascular, Metabolic, and Fertility Factors; Fetal exposure to elevated androgens is thought to contribute to autism spectrum disorder (ASD) risk. However, data rely heavily on in utero androgens measurements, which also reflect fetal secretions. Thus, in utero hyperandrogenemia might indicate adverse autism-related neurogenesis that has already occurred affecting fetal androgen homeostasis, rather than being a cause of the disorder. Associations between maternal androgen-related conditions and ASD could more directly implicate androgens' etiological role. We examined the association between maternal hyperandrogenemia-related conditions, focusing primarily on polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), and progeny ASD, in an Israeli cohort of 437,222 children born in 1999-2013. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were estimated using generalized estimating equations. Multiple mediation analyses using natural effect models were conducted to evaluate combined mediation of the PCOS effect by androgen-related cardiovascular, metabolic, and fertility factors. Results indicated that children of mothers with PCOS had higher ASD odds compared with children of mothers without PCOS (odds ratio = 1.42, 95% confidence interval: 1.24,1.64), and this effect was only partly mediated by the factors considered. Elevated odds were also observed for other hyperandrogenemia-related conditions. Findings provide support for direct involvement of maternal hyperandrogenemia in ASD etiology. Alternatively, findings might reflect shared genetic and/or environmental factors independently affecting maternal androgen homeostasis and fetal neurodevelopment.
Maternal Obesity Influences Placental Nutrient Transport, Inflammatory Status, and Morphology in Human Term Placenta; Context: Maternal obesity has a significant impact on placental development. However, this impact on the placenta's structure and function (ie, nutrient transport and hormone and cytokine production) is a controversial subject. Objective: We hypothesized that maternal obesity is associated with morphologic, secretory, and nutrient-related changes and elevated levels of inflammation in the placenta. Design: We collected samples of placental tissue from 2 well-defined groups of pregnant women from 2017 to 2019. We compared the 2 groups regarding placental cytokine and hormone secretion, immune cell content, morphology, and placental nutrient transporter expressions. Setting: Placenta were collected after caesarean section performed by experienced clinicians at Centre Hospitalier Intercommunal (CHI) of Poissy-Saint-Germain-en-Laye. Patients: The main inclusion criteria were an age between 27 and 37 years old, no complications of pregnancy, and a first-trimester body mass index of 18-25 kg/m2 for the nonobese (control) group and 30-40 kg/m2 for the obese group. Results: In contrast to our starting hypothesis, we observed that maternal obesity was associated with (1) lower placental IL-6 expression and macrophage/leukocyte infiltration, (2) lower placental expression of GLUT1 and SNAT1-2, (3) a lower placental vessel density, and (4) lower levels of placental leptin and human chorionic gonadotropin production. Conclusion: These results suggest that the placenta is a plastic organ and could optimize fetal growth. A better understanding of placental adaptation is required because these changes may partly determine the fetal outcome in cases of maternal obesity.
Supplemental Berberine in a High-Fat Diet Reduces Adiposity and Cardiac Dysfunction in Offspring of Mouse Dams with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Background: There are few evidence-based strategies to attenuate the risk of metabolic syndrome in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Berberine (BBR) is an isoquinoline alkaloid extracted from Chinese herbs and exhibits glucose lowering properties. Objectives: We hypothesized that dietary BBR would improve health outcomes in the mouse offspring of GDM dams. Methods: Wild-type C57BL/6 female mice were fed either a Lean-inducing low-fat diet (L-LF,10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose) or a GDM-inducing high-fat diet (GDM-HF, 45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose) for 6 wk prior to breeding with wild-type C57BL/6 male mice throughout pregnancy and the suckling period. The resulting Lean and GDM-exposed male and female offspring were randomly assigned an LF (10% kcal fat, 35% kcal sucrose), HF (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose), or high-fat berberine (HFB) (45% kcal fat, 17.5% sucrose diet) containing BBR (160 mg/kg/d, HFB) at weaning for 12 wk. The main outcome was to evaluate the effects of BBR on obesity, pancreatic islet function, and cardiac contractility in GDM-exposed HF-fed offspring. Significance between measurements was determined using a 2 (gestational exposure) × 3 (diet) factorial design by a 2- way ANOVA using Tukey post-hoc analysis. Results: In the GDM-HF group, body weights were significantly increased (16%) compared with those in baseline (L-LF) animals (P < 0.05). Compared with the L-LF animals, the GDM-HF group had a reduction in pancreatic insulin glucose-stimulated insulin secretion (74%) and increased cardiac isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT; ∼150%) (P < 0.05). Compared with GDM-HF animals, the GDM-HFB group with the dietary addition of BBR had significantly reduced body weight (16%), increased glucose-stimulated insulin secretion from pancreatic islets (254%), and reduced systolic heart function (46% IVCT) (P < 0.05). Conclusions: In a mouse model of GDM, dietary BBR treatment provided protection from obesity and the development of pancreatic islet and cardiac dysfunction.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and function: cohort comparison of second- and third-trimester fetuses; OBJECTIVES: To assess differences in cardiac morphology and function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to controls, and to assess whether, in women with GDM, fetal cardiac changes are accentuated with advancing gestational age. METHODS: We studied 112 women with GDM and 224 women with uncomplicated pregnancy at 24-40 weeks' gestation. In all fetuses, a standard four-chamber oblique view was obtained and offline speckle-tracking analysis was performed to measure right and left endocardial global longitudinal strain (GLS) and tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion. Global sphericity index was also calculated. Echocardiographic parameters were compared between GDM fetuses and controls at two gestational time periods of 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. RESULTS: At 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks, we phenotyped 43 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 71 from uncomplicated pregnancies, and, at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks, we phenotyped 69 fetuses from mothers with GDM and 153 from women with uncomplicated pregnancy. In fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared to controls, right ventricular functional indices were consistently lower both at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks. Right ventricular GLS was reduced in the GDM group at 24 + 0 to 32 + 0 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.7%; 95% CI, 0.3-1.1%) and at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, 0.9%; 95% CI, 0.6-1.1%). Fetal left ventricular global longitudinal function was similar in GDM pregnancies compared with controls, with the exception of the contractility of the left ventricular basal segment, which was reduced. Global sphericity index was reduced in GDM pregnancies only at 32 + 1 to 40 + 1 weeks (adjusted mean difference, -0.4; 95% CI, -0.7 to 0.1). CONCLUSIONS: The offspring of women with GDM are at high risk for development of cardiovascular disease in childhood and early adulthood. Our study demonstrates that GDM is associated with a reduction mainly in fetal right ventricular function, compared to controls, and this response is not exaggerated with increasing gestational age. Further studies are needed to determine whether fetuses with the observed alterations in cardiac function are those at highest risk for subsequent development of cardiovascular disease. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Effect of maternal diabetes on fetal heart function on echocardiography: systematic review and meta-analysis; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes in pregnancy is associated with structural anomalies of the fetal heart, as well as hypertrophy and functional impairment. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to estimate the effect of maternal diabetes on fetal cardiac function as measured by prenatal echocardiography. METHODS: We performed a search of the EMBASE, PubMed and The Cochrane Library databases, from inception to 4 July 2019, for studies evaluating fetal cardiac function using echocardiography in pregnancies affected by diabetes compared with uncomplicated pregnancies. Outcome measures were cardiac hypertrophy and diastolic, systolic and overall cardiac function as assessed by various ultrasound parameters. The quality of the studies was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Data on interventricular septal (IVS) thickness, myocardial performance index (MPI) and E/A ratio were pooled for the meta-analysis using random-effects models. For pregnancies with diabetes, results were reported overall and according to whether diabetes was pregestational (PDM) or gestational (GDM). Results were also stratified according to the trimester in which fetal cardiac assessment was performed. RESULTS: Thirty-nine studies were included, comprising data for 2276 controls and 1925 women with pregnancy affected by diabetes mellitus (DM). Of these, 1120 had GDM, 671 had PDM and in 134 cases diabetes type was not specified. Fetal cardiac hypertrophy was more prevalent in diabetic pregnancies than in non-diabetic controls in 21/26 studies, and impaired diastolic function was observed in diabetic pregnancies in 22/28 studies. The association between DM and systolic function was inconsistent, with 10/25 studies reporting no difference between cases and controls, although more recent studies measuring cardiac deformation, i.e. strain, did show decreased systolic function in diabetic pregnancies. Of the studies measuring overall fetal cardiac function, the majority (14/21) found significant impairment in diabetic pregnancies. Results were similar when stratified according to GDM or PDM. These effects were already present in the first trimester, but were most profound in the third trimester. Meta-analysis of studies performed in the third trimester showed, compared with controls, increased IVS thickness in both PDM (mean difference, 0.75 mm (95% CI, 0.56-0.94 mm)) and GDM (mean difference, 0.65 mm (95% CI, 0.39-0.91 mm)) pregnancies, decreased E/A ratio in PDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.09 (95% CI, -0.15 to -0.03)), no difference in E/A ratio in GDM pregnancies (mean difference, -0.01 (95% CI, -0.02 to 0.01)) and no difference in MPI in either PDM (mean difference, 0.04 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.09)) or GDM (mean difference, 0.03 (95% CI, -0.01 to 0.06)) pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS: The findings of this review show that maternal diabetes is associated with fetal cardiac hypertrophy, diastolic dysfunction and overall impaired myocardial performance on prenatal ultrasound, irrespective of whether diabetes is pregestational or gestational. Further studies are needed to demonstrate the relationship with long-term outcomes. © 2020 The Authors. Ultrasound in Obstetrics & Gynecology published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Environmental exposure during pregnancy: Influence on prenatal development and early life: A comprehensive review; Preconception and prenatal exposure to environmental contaminants may affect future health. Pregnancy and early life are critical sensitive windows of susceptibility. The aim of this review was to summarize current evidence on the toxic effects of environment exposure during pregnancy, the neonatal period, and childhood. Alcohol use is related to foetal alcohol spectrum disorders, foetal alcohol syndrome being its most extreme form. Smoking is associated with placental abnormalities, preterm birth, stillbirth, or impaired growth and development, as well as with intellectual impairment, obesity, and cardiovascular diseases later in life. Negative birth outcomes have been linked to the use of drugs of abuse. Pregnant and lactating women are exposed to endocrine-disrupting chemicals and heavy metals present in foodstuffs, which may alter hormones in the body. Prenatal exposure to these compounds has been associated with pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth, and thyroid function. Metals can accumulate in the placenta, causing foetal growth restriction. Evidence on the effects of air pollutants on pregnancy is constantly growing, for example, preterm birth, foetal growth restriction, increased uterine vascular resistance, impaired placental vascularization, increased gestational diabetes, and reduced telomere length. The advantages of breastfeeding outweigh any risks from contaminants. However, it is important to assess health outcomes of toxic exposures via breastfeeding. Initial studies suggest an association between pre-eclampsia and environmental noise, particularly with early-onset pre-eclampsia. There is rising evidence of the negative effects of environmental contaminants following exposure during pregnancy and breastfeeding, which should be considered a major public health issue.
The effect of different diagnostic timings and types of placenta accreta on the pregnancy outcome; Objectives: To explore the effects of maternal and fetal outcomes after different diagnostic timings of placenta accreta and its types. Methods: We retrospectively collected the clinical information of 1178 pregnant women with placenta accreta in Fujian Maternity and Children Health Hospital from January 2012 to January 2017. According to the different diagnostic timings of placenta accreta, they were divided into groups of prenatal diagnosis and postpartum diagnosis; and according to the types of placenta accreta, they were divided into groups of accreta group, increta group, and percreta group. Results: 1. Women with antenatal diagnosis more often had placenta previa and history of previous cesarean section. 2. Women with antenatal diagnosis had a higher rate in blood loss and blood transfusion. 3. The rate of blood loss, blood transfusion, infection,disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC), secondary laparotomy, hysterectomy had statistically significant differences (P < 0.05) in different types of placenta accreta. The deeper of placenta accreta, the higher the incidence of complications. Conclusion: It is important to pay attention for risk factors of the placenta accreta, then improve prenatal diagnostic rate of the placenta accreta and its types, which can forecast the severity of illness to improve maternal and fetal outcomes.
Night diastolic values of ambulatory blood pressure are the more predictive of the outcomes in pregnancy complicated with hypertension; Objective: The prognostic value of 24-hour ambulatory monitoring(ABPM) in pregnancy complicated with hypertension remains uncertain Design and method: Observational, 234 pregnant observed in appointment between 2007-July 2019 submitted to ABPM. Mean age 32.1±5.5 years, follow-up 263.9±16.5 days, was defined from gestation to delivery. Event defined: maternal death(MD), fetal or neo natal death(FD), pre-eclampsia (PE) or eclampsia(E), gestational diabetes(DG), prematurity or delayed fetal growth (PF), dystocic delivery(DD).It was observed 118 events((62 PE),32(DG),14 (PF),8(DD),2(FD)) Results: Comparing pregnancies with events versus without, those with event were significantly older, more prevalence of risk factors for BP in PG, shorter follow up / days, higher 24 h Systolic BP(SBP), 24 h Diastolic BP (DBP),day SBP and DBP, night SBP and DBP, lower Systolic and Diastolic Dipping (table 1). In Cox's multivariate analysis for events and adjusted for: age, BMI, number of risk factors for HP in PG-[pre-existing HP, previous gestational HP, previous preeclampsia, restriction of previous intrauterine growth, previous membrane detachment, previous fetal death, previous gestational diabetes, smoking history, obesity, family history of preeclampsia, family history of cardiovascular disease, artificial insemination]classified has:(0,1,2,3,>=4), office SBP, office DBP, gestation n°, give birth n°, were statistically significant for: 24 h SBP, 24 h DBP respectively HR 1.02 (IC1.00-1.03); 1.03 (IC1.01-1.05); Day DBP 1.02 (IC 1.00-1.05); Night SBP, Night DBP, Systolic BP dipping, Diastolic BP dipping respectively HR 1.02(IC1,01-1.03);1.03(IC1.01-1.05);0.96 (IC 0.94-0.98); 0.96 (IC 0.94-0.99) When DBP dipping was adjusted to night DBP, night DBP remains significant and DBP dipping loses respectively HR 1.03(IC 1.00-1.05) and 0.99(IC 0,95-1.02). When analyzed DBP dipping by the pattern dipping (D)/non dipping (ND, (ND-35 D-198), in a crosstabs analysis, those with event ND pattern was found in 71% and 28,6 % with no event(X2 6.9 p<0,05). In a survival curve free of events, the presence of the diastolic dipping ND-D pattern, ND was associated to a worst prognosis (log rank 11.2 p <0.001) Conclusions: Night diastolic values are the best prognosis for prediction of events related to outcomes in pregnant woman's with hypertension, special DBP. Casual BP and even home ambulatory blood pressure are scanty for this period.
Recent Advances of LncRNA H19 in Diabetes LncRNA H19 in Diabetes; Diabetes mellitus (DM) causes damage to major organs, including the heart, liver, brain, kidneys, eyes, and blood vessels, threatening the health of the individuals. Emerging evidence has demonstrated that lncRNAs has important functions in the pathogenesis of human diseases, such as cancers, neurodegenerative diseases, cardiac fibroblast phenotypes, hypertension, heart failure, atherosclerosis and diabetes. Recently, H19, a lncRNA, has been reported to shown to participate in the regulatory process of muscle differentiation, glucose metabolism, and tumor metastasis, as well as endometrial development. However, the roles of H19 in DM were still not completely understood. This review was conducted to summarize the functions of H19 in diabetes and discuss the challenges and possible strategies of H19 in DM.
Breastfeeding Is Associated With Lower Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome in Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes in the Early Postpartum Period; Introduction: Women with gestational diabetes (GD) are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. The identification of factors that reduce metabolic syndrome (MetS) is important to improve cardiovascular outcomes. MetS has been shown to be associated with breastfeeding in women remote from pregnancy. We examined the association of breastfeeding with MetS in women with recent GD in the very early postpartum (pp) period. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of the Balance After Baby (BAB) program which enrolled women with recent GD. GD was defined by Carpenter-Coustan criteria, a 50 gram glucose load test >200 mg/dL or by clinician diagnosis. Data collected during an early (∼6 weeks) pp visit was used in this analysis. At this visit, weight, height, waist circumference (WC), blood pressure (BP), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and lipid panel were obtained. MetS was classified per NCEP III. We defined breastfeeding as currently breastfeeding or not currently breastfeeding. We performed Student's t-tests and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests as appropriate, and fit logistic and linear regression models. Models were adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, low household income, pre-pregnancy BMI, and weeks since delivery. An exploratory model further adjusted for postpartum weight retention. Results: Of 181 women enrolled in BAB, 178 were included in this analysis (3 excluded for missing lipid panels). The mean (± SD) age of participants was 33 ± 5 years and were 8.0 ± 1.8 weeks since delivery. Thirty-four % were Hispanic. Of non-Hispanics, 31.5% were White, 18.5% Asian and 12.9% Black/African American. The prevalence of MetS was 42.9% in women not breastfeeding versus 17.1% in women breastfeeding (P < 0.001; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 0.16 [95% CI 0.06-0.41]). Breastfeeding women had significantly lower odds of FPG ≥100 mg/dL (aOR 0.36 [95% CI 0.14-0.95], p=0.039), HDL <50 mg/dL (aOR 0.19 [95% CI 0.08-0.46], p<0.001), and triglycerides (TG) ≥150 mg/dL (aOR 0.26 [95% CI 0.10- 0.66], p=0.005). There was no significant difference in WC or BP between groups. All ORs remained significant after adjusting for weight retention. When evaluated as continuous variables, WC, FPG, and TG were significantly lower and HDL significantly higher in women breastfeeding in the early pp period (vs not breastfeeding). Conclusion: In a diverse population of women with recent GD, there was a lower prevalence of MetS in women breastfeeding compared to those not breastfeeding in the early postpartum period. This study extends the findings of an association of breastfeeding with MetS previously reported at times remote from pregnancy. Further studies are needed to determine if there is a protective role of breastfeeding on the risk of MetS.
Mechanisms Involved in Intrauterine Growth Restriction in Patients With Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Primary and Secondary Prevention of Metabolic Syndrome and Cancer Risk in the Adult Life of Offspring; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common hormonal disorders that affects between 5- 10% of women of reproductive age. It is currently considered a complex and multifactorial disease with metabolic, cardiovascular implications and represents per se an increased cancer risk. PATIENTS with PCOS routinely have menstrual disorders, hyperandrogenism, infertility and reproductive complications such as recurrent abortions, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, pregnancy induced hypertension that give rise to underweight newborns and condition metabolic diseases to adult life and increased risk of cancer, especially breast and endometrial cancer. Insulin resistance and hyperandrogenism are the most important etiopathogenic factors in PCOS. On the other hand, subjects exposed to an adverse microenvironment in the intrauterine stage develop compensating responses to survive, a process called fetal programming. Prenatal exposure to androgens and/or insulin resistance may act as fetal programming factors and cause restriction of intrauterine growth, obesity and insulin resistance in offspring. Newborn may have an increased risk of metabolic syndrome, increased incidence of hypertensive, type 2 diabetes, heart disease and cerebrovascular disease. Prevention of these complications will be achieved if women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are treated appropriately throughout their lives, but especially before and during their pregnancy. Only in this way can the risk of them be reduced, representing a better quality and greater life expectancy.
Neuroendocrine Tumor Associated Severe Hypercalcemia of Pregnancy; Background: Literature of pregnancy associated neuroendocrine tumors is limited. We report an unusual case of severe hypercalcemia of pregnancy secondary to a neuroendocrine tumor. Clinical Case: A 43-year-old lady presented to our center in her 28th week of pregnancy with complaints of worsening nausea and epigastric pain over few days. She had developed gestational diabetes at 24 weeks for which she was taking insulin. On examination she was tachycardic, mildly confused with a distended abdomen. Serum chemistries revealed serum calcium of 15.9 mg/dL, elevated PTHrP of 64 pg/mL and low PTH of 2 pg/mL consistent with PTHrP mediated hypercalcemia. She had low 25-OH- vitamin D (15 ng/mL) with normal 1-25- OH vitamin D. An abdominal ultrasound showed a solid, heterogenous, soft tissue mass interposed between the left kidney and spleen measuring 11 x 9 x 12 cm. This was confirmed on Abdominal MRI, which also showed multiple large hepatic metastasis. Tumor biopsy with pathology confirmed well differentiated neuroendocrine tumor of gastric or pancreatic origin. Her hypercalcemia was initially treated with infusions of IV normal saline, furosemide diuresis, calcitonin 200 units SC 12 hourly and a single dose of dexamethasone 10 mg IV. Calcitonin and diuresis were discontinued after 5 days once calcium improved to 10 mg/dL. Oncology deferred treatment of the tumor until she had delivered. Patient was discharged with serum calcium of 10.7 mg/dL and counselled for plenty of oral hydration. She was readmitted with nausea, vomiting and serum calcium level of 15.1 mg/dL at 32 weeks gestation. She was again treated with a similar regimen of IV saline and furosemide along with calcitonin 480 units SC 12 hourly and prednisone 10 mg daily, but calcium levels remained high (13.6 mg/dL) despite aggressive treatment. Labor was induced at 33 weeks and she delivered a healthy boy through an uncomplicated vaginal delivery. Remarkably, her serum calcium normalized on day two post-partum and remained so throughout. Her serum calcium remains normal at 2 months post-partum (10.3 mg/dL, PTHrP 36 pg/mL, PTH 7 pg/mL) despite the presence of unresected tumor. She is planned to undergo surgical resection of the tumor and hepatic metastatic lesions. Conclusion: Clinicians must be aware that severe hypercalcemia may be the presenting manifestation of neuroendocrine tumors in pregnancy. In this case, we hypothesize a potential placental contribution to her elevated PThrP given resolution of hypercalcemia post-delivery. However, persistent elevated PThrP post-partum may also be physiologic or related to the abdominal tumor. A placental histopathological could be performed due to logistic reasons.
Association of spontaneous abortion with all cause and cause specific premature mortality: Prospective cohort study; Objective To investigate the association of spontaneous abortion with the risk of all cause and cause specific premature mortality (death before the age of 70). Design Prospective cohort study. Setting The Nurses' Health Study II (1993-2017), United States. Participants 101 681 ever gravid female nurses participating in the Nurses' Health Study II. Main outcomes measures Lifetime occurrence of spontaneous abortion in pregnancies lasting less than 6 months, determined by biennial questionnaires. Hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for all cause and cause specific premature death according to the occurrence of spontaneous abortion, estimated with time dependent Cox proportional hazards models. Results During 24 years of follow-up, 2936 premature deaths were recorded, including 1346 deaths from cancer and 269 from cardiovascular disease. Crude all cause mortality rates were comparable for women with and without a history of spontaneous abortion (1.24 per 1000 person years in both groups) but were higher for women experiencing three or more spontaneous abortions (1.47 per 1000 person years) and for women reporting their first spontaneous abortion before the age of 24 (1.69 per 1000 person years). The corresponding age adjusted hazard ratios for all cause premature death during follow-up were 1.02 (95% confidence interval 0.94 to 1.11), 1.39 (1.03 to 1.86), and 1.27 (1.11 to 1.46), respectively. After adjusting for confounding factors and updated dietary and lifestyle factors, the occurrence of spontaneous abortion was associated with a hazard ratio of 1.19 (95% confidence interval 1.08 to 1.30) for premature mortality during follow-up. The association was stronger for recurrent spontaneous abortions (hazard ratio 1.59, 95% confidence interval 1.17 to 2.15 for three or more spontaneous abortions; 1.23, 1.00 to 1.50 for two; and 1.16, 1.05 to 1.28 for one compared with none), and for spontaneous abortions occurring early in a woman's reproductive life (1.32, 1.14 to 1.53 for age ≤23; 1.16, 1.01 to 1.33 for ages 24-29; and 1.12, 0.98 to 1.28 for age ≥30 compared with none). When cause specific mortality was evaluated, the association of spontaneous abortion with premature death was strongest for deaths from cardiovascular disease (1.48, 1.09 to 1.99). Spontaneous abortion was not related to premature death from cancer (1.08, 0.94 to 1.24). Conclusions Spontaneous abortion was associated with an increased risk of premature mortality, particularly death from cardiovascular disease.
Exosomes and Obesity-Related Insulin Resistance; Exosomes are extracellular vesicles, delivering signal molecules from donor cells to recipient cells. The cargo of exosomes, including proteins, DNA and RNA, can target the recipient tissues and organs, which have an important role in disease development. Insulin resistance is a kind of pathological state, which is important in the pathogeneses of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), gestational diabetes mellitus and Alzheimer’s disease. Furthermore, obesity is a kind of inducement of insulin resistance. In this review, we summarized recent research advances on exosomes and insulin resistance, especially focusing on obesity-related insulin resistance. These studies suggest that exosomes have great importance in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and have great potential for use in the diagnosis and therapy of insulin resistance.
Impact of Obesity on Outcomes of Pregnancy in Women With Heart Disease; Background: Women with heart disease are at risk for complications during pregnancy. This study sought to examine the effect of maternal obesity on pregnancy complications in women with heart disease. Objectives: The objective was to determine the incidence of adverse cardiac events (CE) in pregnant women with heart disease and obesity. Methods: Adverse CE during pregnancy were examined in a prospective cohort of women with heart disease. CE were a composite of the following: cardiac death/arrest, arrhythmias, heart failure, myocardial infarction, stroke, aortic dissection, and thromboembolic events. Pre-eclampsia and post-partum hemorrhage were also studied. Outcomes were examined according to body mass index (BMI). To identify additional predictors of CE, a baseline risk score (CARPREG [Canadian Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy Study] II score) for predicting cardiac complications was calculated for all pregnancies and included in a multivariable logistic regression model. Results: Of 790 pregnancies, 19% occurred in women with BMI ≥30 kg/m2 (obesity), 25% in women with BMI 25 to 29.9 kg/m2 (overweight), 53% in women with BMI 18.5 to 24.9 kg/m2 (normal weight), and 3% in women with BMI <18.5 kg/m2 (underweight). Women with obesity were at higher risk of CE when compared with women with normal weight (23% vs. 14%; p = 0.006). In a multivariable model, obesity (odds ratio: 1.7; 95% confidence interval: 1.0 to 2.7) and higher CARPREG II risk scores (odds ratio: 1.7; 95% confidence interval: 1.5 to 1.9) predicted CE. Pre-eclampsia was more frequent in women with obesity compared with those with normal weight (8% vs. 2%; p = 0.001). Conclusions: Obesity increases the risk of maternal cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with heart disease. This modifiable risk factor should be addressed at the time of preconception counseling.
Socioeconomic inequalities and adverse pregnancy outcomes in the UK and Republic of Ireland: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective There has been an unprecedented rise in infant mortality associated with deprivation in recent years in the United Kingdom (UK) and Republic of Ireland. A healthy pregnancy can have significant impacts on the life chances of children. The objective of this review was to understand the association between individual-level and household-level measures of socioeconomic status and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Design Systematic review and meta-analysis. Data sources Nine databases were searched (Medline, Embase, Scopus, ASSIA, CINAHL, PsycINFO, BNI, MIDRIS and Google Scholar) for articles published between 1999 and August 2019. Grey literature searches were also assessed. Study selection criteria Studies reporting associations between individual-level or household socioeconomic factors on pregnancy outcomes in the UK or Ireland. Results Among the 82 353 search results, 53 821 titles were identified and 35 unique studies met the eligibility criteria. Outcomes reported were neonatal, perinatal and maternal mortality, preterm birth, birth weight and mode of delivery. Pooled effect sizes were calculated using random-effects meta-analysis. There were significantly increased odds of women from lower levels of occupation/social classes compared with the highest level having stillbirth (OR 1.40, 95% CI 1.23 to 1.59, I 2 98.62%), neonatal mortality (OR 1.39, 95% CI 1.22 to 1.57, I 2 97.09%), perinatal mortality (OR 1.39, 95% CI 1.23 to 1.57, I 2 98.69%), preterm birth (OR 1.41, 95% CI 1.33 to 1.50, I 2 70.97%) and low birth weight (OR 1.40, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.61, I 2 99.85%). Limitations relate to available data, unmeasured confounders and the small number of studies for some outcomes. Conclusions This review identified consistent evidence that lower occupational status, especially manual occupations and unemployment, were significantly associated with increased risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes. Strategies to improve pregnancy outcomes should incorporate approaches that address wider determinants of health to provide women and families with the best chances of having a healthy pregnancy and baby and to decrease pregnancy-related health inequalities in the general population. PROSPERO registration number PROSPERO CRD42019140893.
Gestational Diabetes History and Glucose Tolerance After Pregnancy Associated With Coronary Artery Calcium in Women During Midlife The CARDIA Study; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes (GD) leads to earlier onset and heightened risk of type 2 diabetes, a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear whether attaining normoglycemia can ameliorate the excess CVD risk associated with GD history. This study sought to evaluate GD history and glucose tolerance after pregnancy associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC) in women, a manifestation of atherosclerotic CVD and a predictor of CVD clinical events. METHODS: Data were obtained from the CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults), a US multicenter, community-based prospective cohort of young Black (50%) and White adults aged 18 to 30 years at baseline (1985-1986). The sample included 1133 women without diabetes at baseline, who had ≥1 singleton births (n=2066) during followup, glucose tolerance testing at baseline and up to 5 times during 25 years (1986-2011), GD status, and CAC measurements obtained from 1 or more follow up examinations at years 15, 20, and 25 (2001-2011). CAC was measured by noncontrast cardiac computed tomography; dichotomized as Any CAC (score>0) or No CAC (score=0). Complementary log-log models for interval-censored data estimated adjusted hazard ratios of CAC and 95% confidence intervals for GD history and subsequent glucose tolerance groups (normoglycemia, prediabetes, or incident diabetes) on average 14.7 years after the last birth adjusted for prepregnancy and follow-up covariates. RESULTS: Of 1133 women, 139 (12.3%) reported GD and were 47.6 years of age (4.8 SD) at follow-up. CAC was present in 25% (34/139) of women with GD and 15% (149/994) of women with no GD. In comparison with no GD/normoglycemia, adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) were 1.54 (1.06-2.24) for no GD/prediabetes and 2.17 (1.30-3.62) for no GD/incident diabetes, and 2.34 (1.34-4.09), 2.13 (1.09-4.17), and 2.02 (0.98-4.19) for GD/normoglycemia, GD/prediabetes, and GD/incident diabetes, respectively (overall P=0.003). CONCLUSIONS: Women without previous GD showed a graded increase in the risk of CAC associated with worsening glucose tolerance. Women with a history of GD had a 2-fold higher risk of CAC across all subsequent levels of glucose tolerance. Midlife atherosclerotic CVD risk among women with previous GD is not diminished by attaining normoglycemia.
Cardiovascular health after menopause transition, pregnancy disorders, and other gynaecologic conditions: A consensus document from European cardiologists, gynaecologists, and endocrinologists; Women undergo important changes in sex hormones throughout their lifetime that can impact cardiovascular disease risk. Whereas the traditional cardiovascular risk factors dominate in older age, there are several female-specific risk factors and inflammatory risk variables that influence a woman's risk at younger and middle age. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and gestational diabetes are associated with a higher risk in younger women. Menopause transition has an additional adverse effect to ageing that may demand specific attention to ensure optimal cardiovascular risk profile and quality of life. In this position paper, we provide an update of gynaecological and obstetric conditions that interact with cardiovascular risk in women. Practice points for clinical use are given according to the latest standards from various related disciplines (Figure 1).
Associations of maternal diabetes mellitus and adiponectin gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: A case-control study; This study aimed at assessing the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), the adiponectin gene (APM1) gene polymorphisms, and their interactions with risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring.A case-control study of 464 mothers of CHD patients and 504 mothers of healthy children was conducted.After adjusting for potential confounding factors, our study suggested that mothers with gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR=2.96]), GDM in previous pregnancy experiences (aOR=3.16), and pregestational DM in the 3months before this pregnancy (aOR=4.52) were at a significantly higher risk of CHD in offspring, when compared with those without any diabetes. The polymorphisms of maternal APM1 gene at rs1501299(T/T vs G/G: aOR=3.45; T/G vs G/G: aOR=1.73) and rs2241766(G/G vs T/T, aOR=3.36; G/T vs T/T, aOR=1.93) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and the APM1 genetic variants on the development of CHD were found.Our findings indicate that maternal DM, APM1 gene genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. However, more studies in different ethnic populations and with a larger sample and prospective design are required to confirm our findings.
Mitochondrial transfer improves cardiomyocyte bioenergetics and viability in male rats exposed to pregestational diabetes; Offspring born to diabetic or obese mothers have a higher lifetime risk of heart disease. Previously, we found that rat offspring exposed to late-gestational diabetes mellitus (LGDM) and maternal high-fat (HF) diet develop mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte bioener-getics, and cardiac dysfunction at birth and again during aging. Here, we compared echocardiog-raphy, cardiomyocyte bioenergetics, oxidative damage, and mitochondria-mediated cell death among control, pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM)-exposed, HF-diet-exposed, and combina-tion-exposed newborn offspring. We hypothesized that PGDM exposure, similar to LGDM, causes mitochondrial dysfunction to play a central, pathogenic role in neonatal cardiomyopathy. We found that PGDM-exposed offspring, similar to LGDM-exposed offspring, have cardiac dysfunction at birth, but their isolated cardiomyocytes have seemingly less bioenergetics impairment. This finding was due to confounding by impaired viability related to poorer ATP generation, more lipid perox-idation, and faster apoptosis under metabolic stress. To mechanistically isolate and test the role of mitochondria, we transferred mitochondria from normal rat myocardium to control and exposed neonatal rat cardiomyocytes. As expected, transfer provides a respiratory boost to cardiomyocytes from all groups. They also reduce apoptosis in PGDM-exposed males, but not in females. Findings highlight sex-specific differences in mitochondria-mediated mechanisms of developmentally programmed heart disease and underscore potential caveats of therapeutic mitochondrial transfer.
Interventricular septal thickness as a diagnostic marker of fetal macrosomia; Serious complications in both mother and newborn arising as a result of fetal macrosomia indicate the need for early diagnosis and prevention. Unfortunately, current predictors, such as fetal biometry, fundal height, and amniotic fluid index, appear to be insufficient. Therefore, we decided to assess the predictive potential of interventricular septal thickness (IVST), as measured at ≥33 weeks of gestation. Two hundred and ninety-nine patients met the inclusion criteria: complete medical history including all necessary measurements—namely, IVST obtained by M-mode echocardiography, fetal biometry, and birth weight. The Statistica 13.1 PL software was used to generate the receiver operating curve. The optimal cut-off point (IVST of 4.7 mm) was selected using the Youden index method. The analysis of fetal biometry abnormalities resulted in 46.6% of macrosomia cases being correctly predicted; however, IVST analysis detected 71.4% of cases. IVST at ≥4.7 mm appears to have a higher sensitivity and negative predictive value (NPV) than routine ultrasound.
Lifetime impact of cow’s milk on overactivation of mtorc1: From fetal to childhood overgrowth, acne, diabetes, cancers, and neurodegeneration; The consumption of cow’s milk is a part of the basic nutritional habits of Western industrialized countries. Recent epidemiological studies associate the intake of cow’s milk with an increased risk of diseases, which are associated with overactivated mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1) signaling. This review presents current epidemiological and translational evidence linking milk consumption to the regulation of mTORC1, the master-switch for eukaryotic cell growth. Epidemiological studies confirm a correlation between cow’s milk consumption and birthweight, body mass index, onset of menarche, linear growth during childhood, acne vulgaris, type 2 diabetes mellitus, prostate cancer, breast cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, neurodegenerative diseases, and all-cause mortality. Thus, long-term persistent consumption of cow’s milk increases the risk of mTORC1-driven diseases of civilization. Milk is a highly conserved, lactation genome-controlled signaling system that functions as a maternal-neonatal relay for opti-mized species-specific activation of mTORC1, the nexus for regulation of eukaryotic cell growth, and control of autophagy. A deeper understanding of milk´s impact on mTORC1 signaling is of critical importance for the prevention of common diseases of civilization.
Association of COVID-19 infection and juvenile stroke: A case series; Ischemic stroke has been increasingly reported as a consequence of COVID-19 infection. However, the underlying etiology is not well determined. The objective of this study is to discuss association of juvenile stroke with COVID-19 infection. We analyzed 5 COVID-19 positive and stroke patients with a mean age of 41.2 years-old. Three patients developed large vessel occlusion, one small vessel occlusion and one PRES with superimposed lobar ICH, respectively. The mean initial NIHSS of our patients was 11.6. Except the one with massive cerebellar infarct, a desirable outcome occurred with a mean mRS 2.6 at discharge. The mean ESR and CRP level was elevated to 30.4 ml and 32 mg/dl. The severity of COVID-19 infection was considered mainly as mild. COVID-19 infection has the potential to induce hypercoagulability state contributing to stroke development even in the mild form of disease.
Fetal Cardiac Functional Abnormalities Assessed by Echocardiography in Mothers Suffering Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Abnormal cardiovascular changes especially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is potentially expected in the fetuses of the diabetic pregnancy women. However, there is still little consensus on quantitative cardiac abnormalities in infants with diabetic mothers. The present study comprehensively analyzed the studies on functional changes in heart in infants of diabetic mothers with a greater focus on occurrence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. All comparative studies evaluating and comparing quantitatively the changes in cardiac parameters using echocardiography in fetuses with and without diabetic mothers were eligible for assessment. The included studies were identified through electronically reviewing the manuscripts databases of MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of knowledge, and Google Scholar from inception to May 2020. The meta-analysis included 11 comparative with overall 849 fetuses for gestational diabetic mothers and 1247 for healthy mothers. Assessing cardiac diameters by fetal echocardiography showed significantly lower mitral E/A ratio, lower tricuspid E/A ratio, higher interventricular septal thickness, higher myocardial performance index, higher isovolumic relaxation time, and higher isovolumic contraction time in fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus group as compared to healthy group adjusting for gestational diabetes mellitus. The presence of gestational diabetes mellitus can potentially affect the fetal cardiac parameters especially as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy leading both cardiac systolic and diastolic dysfunction.
Dual molecular diagnoses in a neurometabolic specialty clinic; Reports of patients with concomitant diagnoses of two inherited genetic disorders, sometimes referred to as “double trouble,” have appeared intermittently in the medical literature. We report eight additional cases with dual diagnoses of two genetic conditions. All cases had a phenotype atypical for their primary diagnosis, leading to the search for a second genetic diagnosis. These cases highlight the importance of the history, physical examination and continued work-up if the phenotype of the patient falls drastically outside what has been reported with their primary diagnosis. Some of the diagnoses of the patients presented here (e.g., Myotonic Dystrophy Type 1, fascioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy) would not have been identified by genetic testing done on a next generation sequencing backbone (e.g., panel or exome sequencing). When the clinical picture is atypical or more severe than expected the possibility of a dual diagnosis (double trouble) should be considered. Identification of a second genetic condition can impact management and genetic counseling.
Postpartum complications increased in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at a higher risk of cardiometabolic and psychiatric comorbidities and preconception and antepartum complications, but the impact of polycystic ovary syndrome during the postpartum period is unknown. Objective: This study aimed to investigate the risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease complications and perinatal and postpartum depression. Study Design: This was a retrospective cohort study conducted using a United States insurance claims database. Women with and without polycystic ovary syndrome aged 18 to 50 years enrolled continuously in a single health plan during the preconception, antepartum, and postpartum periods between 2000 and 2016 were included. The primary outcome was postpartum cardiovascular disease and depression (perinatal and postpartum). Multivariable logistic regression was used to adjust for covariates including age, geographic location, preterm delivery, assisted reproductive technology use, multiple births, prepregnancy depression, prepregnancy diabetes, prepregnancy hypertension, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, obesity, history of hyperlipidemia, smoking, and race. Results: We identified 42,391 unique women with polycystic ovary syndrome and 795,480 women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In multivariable models, women with polycystic ovary syndrome had significantly higher odds of cardiovascular disease complications, including postpartum preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.30; 95% confidence interval, 1.17–1.45), eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, 1.45; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.86) cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.03–1.54), hypertensive heart disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32: 95% confidence interval, 1.07–1.64), thrombotic disease (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.20–1.87), congestive heart failure (adjusted odds ratio, 1.35; 95% confidence interval, 1.13–1.61), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.21; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.29), than those without polycystic ovary syndrome, as well as both perinatal (adjusted odds ratio, 1.27; 95% confidence interval, 1.22–1.33) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.46; 95% confidence interval, 1.36–1.57). Nonobese women with polycystic ovary syndrome had higher odds of postpartum eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio 1.72; 95% confidence interval, 1.31–2.26), peripartum cardiomyopathy (adjusted odds ratio, 1.43; 95% confidence interval, 1.14–1.79), and cerebrovascular accidents (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.19–1.38) than nonobese women without polycystic ovary syndrome. In the group of women without prepregnancy depression, the odds of perinatal depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.32; 95% confidence interval, 1.26–1.39) and postpartum depression (adjusted odds ratio, 1.50; 95% confidence interval, 1.39–1.62) were higher in women with polycystic ovary syndrome than those without polycystic ovary syndrome. Conclusion: In a large United States cohort, our study found that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk of both cardiovascular and psychiatric complications during the postpartum period. Polycystic ovary syndrome should be recognized as an at-risk condition; our findings underscore the need for routine screening and early interventions for these major comorbidities.
Diseases and conditions that impact maternal and fetal health and the potential for nanomedicine therapies; Maternal mortality rates in the United States have steadily increased since 1987 to the current rate of over 16 deaths per 100,000 live births. Whereas most of these deaths are related to an underlying condition, such as cardiovascular disease, many pregnant women die from diseases that emerge as a consequence of pregnancy. Both pre-existing and emergent diseases and conditions are difficult to treat in pregnant women because of the potential harmful effects of the treatment on the developing fetus. Often the health of the woman and the health of the baby are at odds and must be weighed against each other when medical treatment is needed, frequently leading to iatrogenic preterm birth. However, the use of engineered nanomedicines has the potential to fill the treatment gap for pregnant women. This review describes several conditions that may afflict pregnant women and fetuses and introduces how engineered nanomedicines may be used to treat these illnesses. Although the field of maternal-fetal nanomedicine is in its infancy, with additional research and development, engineered nanotherapeutics may greatly improve outcomes for pregnant women and their offspring in the future.
Barriers to, and Facilitators of, Lifestyle Changes to Prevent Gestational Diabetes: An Interpretive Description of South Asian Women and Health-Care Providers Living and Working in Southern Ontario, Canada; Objectives: People of South Asian ancestry are the fastest growing non-Caucasian ethnic group in Canada and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. Pregnant South Asian women have a 2-fold increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, which increases their risk of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. The specific objectives of this study were to explore the perceptions of health behaviours (diet and physical activity) during pregnancy in the South Asian community. Methods: We used interpretive description to further understand the cultural and contextual factors that influence the knowledge, attitudes and practices of diet and physical activity of South Asian women of childbearing age and those who provide health care to this group. Results: Two major themes that emerged from the perspectives of 10 South Asian pregnant women included: (1) importance of considering an individual's locus of control; and (2) support (emotional and information exchange) from family, friends and health-care providers. Two major themes identified by the 11 health-care providers were: (1) cultural awareness in caring for South Asian women during pregnancy; and (2) clinic management, logistics and resources. A common theme for both South Asian pregnant women and health-care providers was the importance of considering the cultural landscape in relation to how knowledge is obtained, shared and valued. Conclusion: A better understanding of these cultural underpinnings may support the development of interventions tailored for pregnant South Asian women and their health-care providers.
Combined past preeclampsia and gestational diabetes is associated with a very high frequency of coronary microvascular dysfunction; Background: A history of preeclampsia (pPE) and gestational diabetes (pGDM) are female-specific risk markers for atherosclerosis and future cardiovascular risk. In addition to increasing the risk of established risk factors for atherosclerosis, such as hypertension or diabetes, evidence suggests that pregnancy-related complications can also directly accelerate atherosclerosis by inducing endothelial dysfunction. A combination of both conditions is seen in a subset of patients with pregnancy, though it is not known whether this combination increases the overall risk for cardiovascular events. Aims: Present study aimed to find the impact of combined pPE/pGDM on the prevalence of coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD). Methods: A total of 24 patients with combined pPE/pGDM, 19 patients with isolated pPE and 63 patients with pGDM were included to the present study and a further 36 healthy women with no previous pregnancy-related complications served as controls. Coronary flow reserve was measured using echocardiography and CMD was defined as a coronary flow reserve ≤2.5. Results: Patients with combined pPE/pGDM had a high prevalence of CMD (91%), which was significantly higher than controls (5.6%, p < 0.001) and patients with pGDM (55%, p = 0.01). A history of pPE on top of pGDM was associated with an increased risk of CMD (HR:6.28, 95%CI:1.69–23.37, p = 0.006) after multivariate adjustment, but pGDM did not increase the odds for CMD in those with pPE. Conclusions: Combined pPE/pDM is associated with a very high prevalence of CMD, which may indicate an increased risk for future cardiovascular events.
Risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus in women with prior hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis: The association between a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and subsequent type 2 diabetes (referred to throughout as diabetes) remains inconclusive. We reviewed the most recent evidence to quantify the association of previous HDP with incident diabetes. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE, Embase and CINAHL was performed up to 17 February 2020 to identify observational studies of the association between HDP (pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension) and incident diabetes. Studies of women with pre-pregnancy diabetes were excluded. Two independent reviewers screened citations and abstracted results. Study quality was assessed in duplicate using the Newcastle–Ottawa Scale. Random-effects models were used to pool effect estimates. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I2 statistic. Results: After screening 4617 citations, 16 cohort studies with a total of 3,095,457 participants were included (unspecified HDP n = 5, pre-eclampsia only n = 4, gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia n = 7). Risks of subsequent diabetes were significantly higher in women with a history of any HDP (HDP: adjusted hazard ratio [aHR] 2.24, 95% CI 1.95, 2.58; gestational hypertension: aHR 2.19 [95% CI 1.69, 2.84]; pre-eclampsia: aHR 2.56 [95% CI 2.02, 3.24]; preterm pre-eclampsia: aHR 3.05 [95% CI 2.05, 4.56]). The association between HDP and diabetes persisted in studies that adjusted for gestational diabetes mellitus (aHR 2.01 [95% CI 1.77, 2.28]). Conclusions/interpretation: HDP are independently associated with a higher risk of diabetes. Further study is needed to determine how HDP contribute to diabetes risk prediction to develop evidence-based screening and prevention strategies. [Figure not available: see fulltext.].
Nutritional modulation of leptin expression and leptin action in obesity and obesity-associated complications; In obesity, an elevated accumulation and dysregulation of adipose tissue, due to an imbalance between energy intake and energy expenditure, usually coexists with the loss of responsiveness to leptin in central nervous system, and subsequently with hyperleptinemia. Leptin, a peptide hormone mainly produced by white adipose tissue, regulates energy homeostasis by stimulating energy expenditure and inhibiting food intake. Human obesity is characterized by increased plasma leptin levels, which have been related with different obesity-associated complications, such as chronic inflammatory state (risk factor for diabetes, cardiovascular and autoimmune diseases), as well as infertility and different types of cancer. Besides, leptin is also produced by placenta, and high leptin levels during pregnancy may be related with some pathological conditions such as gestational diabetes. This review focuses on the current insights and emerging concepts on potentially valuable nutrients and food components that may modulate leptin metabolism. Notably, several dietary food components, such as phenols, peptides, and vitamins, are able to decrease inflammation and improve leptin sensitivity by up- or down-regulation of leptin signaling molecules. On the other hand, some food components, such as saturated fatty acids may worsen chronic inflammation increasing the risk for pathological complications. Future research into nutritional mechanisms that restore leptin metabolism and signals of energy homeostasis may inspire new treatment options for obesity-related disorders.
Core Outcome Sets Relevant to Maternity Service Users: A Scoping Review; Introduction: Variation in outcomes reported in maternity-related clinical trials and practice stifles data synthesis and contributes to ineffective or harmful treatments and interventions. Variation can be addressed using core outcome sets (COSs), minimum agreed sets of outcomes that should be measured and reported in all clinical trials in a specific area of health or health care. This scoping review identified studies that developed maternity-related COSs; evaluated the extent, scope, quality, and consistency of outcomes across similar COSs; and identified current gaps in evidence. Methods: A multifaceted search of 2 COS registers (Core Outcome Measures in Effectiveness Trials, Core Outcomes in Women's and Newborn Health), the International Consortium for Health Outcomes Measurement website, electronic databases (MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL), and hand search was conducted. Published, English-language studies describing maternal and neonatal COSs for any health condition and published from inception to January 2020 were included. COS development process was evaluated against recently published COS Standards for Development: scope, stakeholder involvement, and consensus process. Results: Thirty-two articles relating to 26 COSs were included (maternal: 18 articles that addressed 17 COSs; neonatal: 14 articles that addressed 9 COSs) and covered a range of obstetric and neonatal conditions. COSs were published between 2006 and 2020, 58% since 2017. Maternal COSs included more outcomes (median, 17; range, 50) than neonatal COSs (median, 8; range, 20). Overlap in COSs was seen for maternity care and gestational diabetes. Overlap in outcomes was seen across similar COSs, which were mostly inconsistent or poorly defined. No included COS met all minimum standards for development. Two COSs extended recommendations for how and when to measure outcomes. Discussion: Growth in COS development in the last 3 years signifies increasing commitment to address variation and improve data synthesis. Although the quality of the development process has improved in the last 3 years, there is a need for improvement. This article presents an urgent need to minimize overlap in outcomes and standardize outcome measurement, case definitions, and timing of measurement between COSs.
Homocysteine and diabetes: Role in macrovascular and microvascular complications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) can lead to the development of macro- and microvascular complications. Homocysteine (Hcy) may play a role in the development of cardiovascular (CV) diseases (CVDs). The role of Hcy in the development of the vascular complications associated with DM is not clearly defined. Despite a strong initial assumption regarding the importance of Hcy in DM and its complications, over time “enthusiasm has waned” because several studies showed unconvincing and occasionally contradictory results. A universal conclusion is not easy to draw given the diversity of studies (e.g. number of patients, design, folic acid and vitamin B status, ethnic differences, genetic background). For some complications, most results encourages further investigation. Impaired renal function is a major independent determinant of high total Hcy (tHcy) levels. However, the role of hyperhomocysteinaemia (HHcy) in the development of diabetic kidney disease (DKD) has yet to be determined. Hcy-lowering therapies can significantly decrease Hcy levels but their effects on CVD risk reduction are conflicting. Further studies are needed to determine the influence of Hcy-lowering therapy on CVD risk reduction, especially in patients with DM.
Graves' disease in a five-month-old boy with an unusual treatment course; Objectives: Graves' disease (GD) is rare in children under age five years. Antithyroid drugs are typically first-line therapy but carry the risks of agranulocytosis and liver dysfunction. Case presentation: A male infant with multiple congenital anomalies, left ventricular hypertrophy, and neurologic dysfunction developed GD at five months of life. The presence of chronic hepatitis complicated medical management. Potassium iodide was effective temporarily, but urgent thyroidectomy was required at nine months of age. Postoperatively, the patient developed a thyroid function pattern consistent with impaired pituitary sensitivity to thyroid hormone (TH) that responded to the addition of liothyronine. Exome sequencing revealed a heterozygous de novo duplication of the ATAD3 gene cluster, suggesting a possible mitochondrial disorder. Conclusions: This case describes the youngest child to date to be diagnosed with endogenous GD and to successfully undergo definitive treatment with thyroidectomy. An underlying defect in mitochondrial function is suspected, suggesting a potential novel pathophysiologic link to early-onset thyroid autoimmunity. Additionally, this case illustrated the development of impaired pituitary sensitivity to TH following thyrotoxicosis of postnatal onset, which may contribute to our understanding of hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid (HPT) axis development.
Prognostic factors associated with small for gestational age babies in a tertiary care hospital of Western Nepal: A cross-sectional study; Background: Small for gestational age (SGA) is common among newborns in low-income countries like Nepal and has higher immediate mortality and morbidities. Objectives: To study the prevalence and prognostic factors of SGA babies in Western Nepal. Methods: A cross-sectional study (November 2016-October 2017) was conducted in a tertiary care hospital in Western Nepal. Socio-demographic, lifestyle factors including diet, and exposures including smoking and household air pollution in mothers who delivered newborns appropriate for gestational age (AGA), SGA and large for gestational age (LGA) were recorded. Logistic regression was carried out to find the odds ratio of prognostic factors after adjusting for potential confounders. Results: Out of 4000 delivered babies, 77% (n = 3078) were AGA, 20.3% (n = 813) were SGA and 2.7% (n = 109) were LGA. The proportion of female-SGA was greater in comparison to male-SGA (n = 427, 52.5% vs n = 386, 47.5%). SGA babies were born to mothers who had term, preterm, and postterm delivery in the following proportions 70.1%, 19.3%, and 10.6%, respectively. The average weight gain (mean ± SD) by mothers in AGA pregnancies was 10.3 ± 2.4 kg, whereas in SGA were 9.3 ± 2.4 kg. In addition to low socioeconomic status (OR 1.9, 95% CI 1.1, 3.2), other prognostic factors associated with SGA were lifestyle factors such as low maternal sleep duration (OR 5.1, CI 3.6, 7.4) and monthly or less frequent meat intake (OR 5.0, CI 3.2, 7.8). Besides smoking (OR 8.8, CI 2.1, 36.3), the other major environmental factor associated with SGA was exposure to household air pollution (OR 5.4, 4.1, 6.9) during pregnancy. Similarly, some of the adverse health conditions associated with a significantly higher risk of SGA were anemia, oligohydramnios, and gestational diabetes. Conclusions: SGA is common in Western Nepal and associated with several modifiable prognostic factors.
Cinnamaldehyde mitigates placental vascular dysfunction of gestational diabetes and protects from the associated fetal hypoxia by modulating placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major pregnancy-related disorder with an increasing prevalence worldwide. GDM is associated with altered placental vascular functions and has severe consequences for fetal growth. There is no commonly accepted medication for GDM due to safety considerations. Actions of the currently limited therapeutic options focus exclusively on lowering the blood glucose level without paying attention to the altered placental vascular reactivity and remodelling. We used the fat-sucrose diet/streptozotocin (FSD/STZ) rat model of GDM to explore the efficacy of cinnamaldehyde (Ci; 20 mg/kg/day), a promising antidiabetic agent for GDM, and glyburide/metformin-HCl (Gly/Met; 0.6 + 100 mg/kg/day), as a reference drug for treatment of GDM, on the placenta structure and function at term pregnancy after their oral intake one week before mating onward. Through genome-wide transcriptome, biochemical, metabolome, metal analysis and histopathology we obtained an integrated understanding of their effects. GDM resulted in maternal and fetal hyperglycemia, fetal hyperinsulinemia and placental dysfunction with subsequent fetal anemia, hepatic iron deficiency and high serum erythropoietin level, reflecting fetal hypoxia. Differentially-regulated genes were overrepresented for pathways of angiogenesis, metabolic transporters and oxidative stress. Despite Ci and Gly/Met effectively alleviated the maternal and fetal glycemia, only Ci offered substantial protection from GDM-associated placental vasculopathy and prevented the fetal hypoxia. This was explained by Ci's impact on the molecular regulation of placental angiogenesis, metabolic activity and redox signaling. In conclusion, Ci provides a dual impact for the treatment of GDM at both maternal and fetal levels through its antidiabetic effect and the direct placental vasoprotective action. Lack of Gly/Met effectiveness to restore it's impaired functionality demonstrates the vital role of the placenta in developing efficient medications for GDM.
Evaluation of a woman's care program after pre-eclampsia; Introduction: The medical treatment of preeclampsia is well structured in its acute phase but the required follow-up with patients in post-partum is discussed. However, preeclampsia is associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular morbi-mortality in the long term. In order to optimize the post-partum treatment, a care program has been developed for these patients in the city of Nantes, France. This includes a check-up of the cardiovascular risks at a day hospital. Our study presents the first results of this program. Methods: The study included 134 patients who were diagnosed with preeclampsia between October 2016 and January 2019 in the Nantes area, France, and took part in the program within the year following their childbirth. A descriptive analysis was first carried out and then a multivariate logistic regression model was used to investigate the risk factors for persistent high blood pressure after preeclampsia. Results: The study detected 28 cases of persistent hypertension (20.9%), 34 cases of obesity (25.3%) and 1 case of diabetes. Hypertension was predominantly diastolic, mild and sometimes masked (35.7%). In a third of the cases (32.1%), the hypertension was secondary. High blood pressure was found to be more frequent in older patients (OR: 2.26; 95% CI: 1.25-4.11, p = 0.072), patients from sub-Saharan Africa (OR: 11.52; 95% CI: 2.67-49.86, p = 0.01) and multiparous patients (OR: 7.82; 95% CI: 1.15-53.21, p = 0.035). Conclusion: The study confirmed that this care program enables an earlier detection and therefore treatment of the cardiovascular risk factors of these young women.
Uterine Transplantation: Evolving Data, Success, and Clinical Importance; Uterine transplantation is an evolving procedure to allow for childbearing in paitents with absolute uterine factor infertility. The objective of this study was to review the existing literature using a comprehensive PubMed literature search. A systematic medical subheadings search strategy was used with the terms “uterus transplant” and “uterine transplantation”. Of the 75 full-text articles assessed for eligibility, 68 were included in the qualitative synthesis. Of these, 9 were included in the meta-analysis on living donor uterine transplant, 5 on deceased donor uterine transplant, and 6 case reports of single uterine transplants. In conclusion, uterus transplant is a nascent field undergoing a rapid rate of evolution as programs mature their data and increase the number of procedures performed. The most recent publications and advances are thus summarized in this article to capture the most up-to-date information.
Is GDF-15 level associated with gestational diabetes mellitus and adverse perinatal outcomes?; Objective: Growth differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15), the new member of transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta family, is released as a response of oxidative stress, inflammation and tissue injury. We aimed to determine GDF-15 levels in patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) and the relation between GDF-15 and adverse perinatal outcomes. Materials and methods: Forty pregnant women with GDM (receiving diet and insulin therapy) and forty healthy pregnant women as control group participated in this current study. GDF- 15 levels were analyzed by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assess kit. Results: The median serum GDF-15 level was measured higher in patients with GDM, and it was statistically meaningful (p: 0.000). Logistic regression analysis indicated that with the increase of GDF-15 level, the risk of GDM diseases increases as well. (P: 0.001, OR = 1.009; 95% CI = 1.003–1.014). There were no differences between GDF-15 levels and perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: We concluded that higher GDF-15 levels are related to GDM in the third trimester. The optimal GDF-15 cut-off value was measured as 326 pg/ml for the diagnosis of GDM with 70% sensitivity and 60% specificity in our study. Further studies are needed to show the significance of GDF-15 as a biomarker for the disease.
Wound Abcess Resulting Amputation in Unstable Glucose Level of Gestational Diabetes on 20th Weeks of Pregnancy; Abstract Introduction: Diabetes with unstable glucose level can decrease wound healing and even causing severe infection. Although Gestational DM is temporary, about 50% of its patient may develop DM in 5-10 years later. Gestational DM may become risk of complication in pregnancy. The aim of this case is to present holistic treatment of wound abscess in gestational diabetes patient. Case report: A 36 years old woman G5P4A0 in 20th weeks of pregnancy admitted with a week late painful un-healed wound in her right thumb. The wound was diagnosed with abscess. Patient did not have any diabetes history and was diagnosed with gestational diabetes in this pregnancy. Unfortunately, patient never visit doctor for the diabetes therapy. Initial laboratory examination resulted in blood glucose level 279 g/dl. Patient were undergone drainage incision and wound dressing by topical tetracycline 3% 3 times a day. Oral drugs given were amoxicillin 3x 500mg and Metformin 2x500mg. Three days later, the wound remained unhealed and the infection became more severe. Patient complained swelling and fever. Patient consulted to surgeon and undergone an amputation of the thumb. Drugs were changed to Sulfometoxazole Insulin rapid 5 unit a day. Infection was resolved, patient discharged a day later. Conclusion: Wound in gestational diabetes need holistic treatment of wound control, glycemic control, and antibiotic selection which are need to consider the safety level for pregnancy. Strict education about glucose control by diet and drugs also need to be given. Amputation may be considered if the infection was already spread and severe. Keywords: Wound abscess, Gestational Diabetes, Infection, Amputation Abbreviations: DM : Diabetes Melitus Funding and Conflicts of Interest: Funding: This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-forprofit sectors.
Remote Monitoring of Pregnancies Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during the COVID-19 : Lockdown Using STORK; Abstract Background: During the COVID-19 lockdown in Greece we used our application STORK, to monitor pregnancies complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). STORK was originally developed to predict complications in pregnancy using medical records and daily life measurements. Objective: Aim of the present study was to assess the compliance of women with the application and its efficacy in reducing the number and the duration of visits. Methods: STORK was provided in all women with GDM visiting our outpatient department between February and June 2020. All women were asked to use the application daily imputing their blood glucose measurements, blood pressure measurements, results of blood tests and reports of fetal ultrasounds. The attending physicians had direct access to those data. The number and the duration of visits for each pregnant woman was noted. In addition, the number and the duration of visits of women with GDM, at the same period in 2019 was reviewed. Results: 31 women with GDM enrolled in the study, utilizing the application until the delivery. The average daily number of glucose measurement imputed in the application was 3.2 (0.4), the average duration of a visit was 12 minutes (3.5) and the average number of visits was 2.9 (0.7). At the same period in 2019, 32 women with GDM visited our outpatient department. The average duration of a visit was 19.5 minutes (5.5) and the average number of visits was 4.1 (1.1) (p<0.05). Conclusion: Stork reduced significantly the number and the duration of visits of women with GDM. Keywords: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; eHealth; STORK; Abbreviations: GDM: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Funding and Conflicts of Interest: The project has received funding under the call for proposals "Supporting researchers with emphasis on new researchers" (EDULLL 34). The project is co-financed by Greece and the European Union (European Social Fund- ESF) by the Operational Program Human Resources Development, Education and Lifelong Learning 2014- 2020.
Improving of Metabolic Profile With Vitamin D Supplements in Pregnant Women; Abstract Background. Serum 25-hydroxy-vitamin D deficiency is related to metabolic diseases as polycystic ovary syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, cardiovascular diseases, cancer, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objective: To evaluate the effect of vitamin D therapy on metabolic parameters in pregnant women. Methods: There was a 16-week study of 62 participants with gestational diabetes mellitus. All pregnant women followed an appropriate diet and physical activity. Management of 37 women included 2,000 IU/day of cholecalciferol per os. Body mass index (BMI), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), plasma 25- (OH) vitamin D, low‐density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL‐C), homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-ir) were estimated in pregnant women with GDM before and after the 16-week period. Quantitative data are expressed as the mean ± SD. The correlation between variables was assessed using the Pearson correlation coefficient. P-value <0.05 was considered statistically significant. All information was processed with SPSS 21.0. Results: The mean BMI was (30,2±2,34) kg/m2, baseline serum 25-(OH) vitamin D levels in all women were in a deficient limit (less than 30 nmol/L). HOMA in both groups was more than 3. The mean LDL‐C was (3,3±0,63) mmol/l and didn‘t differ in the two groups. 25-(OH) vitamin D levels were inversely associated with BMI (r=–0.4; P=0.05), HOMA (r=–0.6; P=0.005), LDL‐C (r=–0.3; P=0.04). Vitamin D therapy has had significant improvement in plasma LDL‐C concentration, HbA1c, FPG in women with GDM (P<0.05). Compared with the Ist group cholecalciferol therapy had lead to a reduction of HOMA in the IInd group by (2,3±0,94) in 4 months (P < 0.05). Conclusions. The daily intake of vitamin D was accompanied by the significant glycemic improvement and the majority of women achieved diabetes control without insulin injections. Strong inverse correlation between 25 (OH) vitamin D levels and HOMA, reduction of HOMA can indicate improved sensitivity to insulin and benefits of vitamin D supplementation for the management of insulin resistance in GDM with vitamin D insufficiency. Keywords: vitamin D, gestational diabetes, cholecalciferol. Abbreviations: GDM, FPG, LDL-C, HOMA, 25(OH)D Funding and Conflicts of Interest: This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.
Effects Of STZ Neonatal Administration on Maternal Glucose Tolerance in Different Reproductive States; Abstract Background: Rodent models of diabetes during pregnancy have the potential to yield useful insights into maternal and offspring outcomes as well as their underlying mechanisms. Maternal mild hyperglycemia, which better resembles human gestational diabetes, can be induced by administering streptozotocin (STZ) in the neonatal period. Although STZ neonatal injection is a well-established experimental model to induce mild hyperglycemia, there are no studies focusing on the stability of this phenotype across different reproductive states. Objective: The aim of the present study was to compare the effects of STZ neonatal administration on maternal glucose tolerance in cycling, pregnant and lactating rats. Methods: Newborn female rats from the same litter were assigned either to Control (n=11) or STZ condition (STZ 100 mg/kg in 100 microliters citrate buffer subcutaneous; n=11). One Control and one STZ treated female from each litter were used in this study. Oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) were performed in adulthood prior to mating (postnatal day 75), on pregnancy day 17, and 10 days after their litter was weaned. Glycemic changes during the OGTT were evaluated by estimation of the total area under the curve (AUC). Results: In both Control and STZ groups the glycemic curve changed across reproductive states probably reflecting metabolic adaptations to these states. Neonatal STZ treatment resulted in a higher AUC relative to controls at all three timepoints but the size of this increase varied with reproductive states. Conclusion: The degree of glucose intolerance demonstrated in female rats that received STZ as newborns varies across reproductive state. Keywords: Diabetes; Glucose tolerance; Pregnancy; Lactation; Rats. Abbreviations: STZ: streptozotocin; Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT); Area under the curve (AUC). Funding and Conflicts of Interest: This work was supported by a grant from the Natural Sciences and Engineering Council (NSERC) to BW.
Serum Glucose-Dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Abstract Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an important medical and social problem, it affects 2–18% of the obstetric population worldwide, and its incidence increases with the progression of overweight and obesity. GDM is associated with serious maternal and neonatal complications. Objectives: to study the association of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) in pregnant women with GDM. Methods: 34 pregnant women with GDM (main group) and 27 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (comparison group) were examined. Basal serum GIP level and body mass index (BMI) were measured at 22–24 weeks of gestation. Results: it was found out that basal serum GIP level in women with GDM was 0.17±0.02 ng/mL, while in comparison group - 0.31±0.02 ng/mL (p<0.001). There was no significant difference between the BMI: in women with GDM it was 27.1±1.1 and in comparison group - 26.3±0.7 (p>0.05). Basal GIP level was strongly correlated with BMI in main group (r=-0.84), at the same time in women with normal glucose tolerance strength of relationship was moderate (r=-0.56). Conclusions: Thus, as a result of studies, it has been found out that low level of GIP plays an important role in the development of metabolism deviations during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of GDM Keywords: gestational diabetes mellitus, glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide, body mass index Abbreviations: GDM – gestational diabetes mellitus GIP - glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide BMI - body mass index Funding and Conflicts of Interest: This research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.
Repercussion of Maternal Diabetes and Post-Weaning High-Fat Diet Consumption in Laboratory Animals; Abstract Background: Epidemiological and animal studies show diabetes-induced fetal programming can lead to adverse complications in the late-life of offspring. Western society consumes more calorie-rich foods every day. Objective: In order to understand the association between the influence of a hyperglycemic intrauterine environment and the consumption of a high-fat diet after weaning, this study was carried out with laboratory animals to reproduce the conditions of our current society. Methods: Adult Sprague Dawley rats from mothers with mild diabetes were mated with healthy males to obtain offspring. The female pups (2/mother) were fed a standard (OD/SD, n=9 rats) or high-fat (OD/HFD, n=12 rats) diet from weaning up to adulthood. At four months old, the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was carried out before pregnancy and confirmed glucose intolerance status in both groups. Following, the rats were submitted to cesarean section to evaluate maternal reproductive and fetal development outcomes. P<0.05 was considered for statistically significant difference. Results: At the end of pregnancy, the OD/HFD rats presented a higher percentage of embryo losses, lower number of corpora lutea, alive fetuses, and implantation. The placental and fetal weights were reduced, and the newborns were classified as small for gestational age compared to OD/SD, contributing to the lower litter weight. Conclusion: Our findings suggest the consumption of a post-weaning high-fat diet in association to maternal diabetes influence cause a glucose intolerance at the adulthood of the female offspring and exacerbate impaired reproductive repercussions and fetal development to the next generation. Keywords: Diabetes, rat, offspring, fetal programming, high-fat diet Funding and Conflicts of Interest: This study was supported by the FAPESP/Brazil (Process number 2016/25207-5), CNPq Research Fellowship to Dr. Débora Cristina Damasceno and Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel (CAPES). No conflicts of interest.
Circulating MicroRNAs for Early Diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Abstract Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a well-known risk factor for overt DM. Although the development of GDM is hypothesized to start early in pregnancy, patients are commonly screened and diagnosed in the late second or early third trimester of pregnancy (24– 28 weeks of gestation). Since Zhao et al. published a study reporting an association between circulating microRNAs and GDM, there has been increased interest in using circulating microRNAs as early biomarkers for GDM. This study aimed to review recent updates on microRNAs associated with GDM. Methods: We utilized PubMed, Google Scholar, Cochrane Database to review articles on microRNA in GDM patients published between 2018 and 2020. Review articles, samples derived from placenta, samples acquired postpartum, and pregnant women infected with potentially offending viruses (e.g. HIV) were excluded from analysis. Results: Total of 12 articles met our criteria. Blood samples from women in varying stages of pregnancy were analyzed using kits such as TaqMan MicroRNA Array. Up-regulated microRNAs(miR) included miR-23a, miR-29a-3p, miR-29b-3p, miR-122-5p, miR-132-3p, miR- 136-5p, miR-182-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-210-3p, miR-223, miR-331-5p, miR-340, miR-342-3p, miR-520h, and miR-1323. Down-regulated miR included miR-155-5p, miR-185, miR-132, miR- 21-3p, miR-20a-5p, miR-222-3p. There was difference in methodology and statistical analysis, with miRs of varying significance. Conclusion: Studies on miR have increased in recent years. These numerous additions to previously reported miRs show the necessity to evaluate the significance of individual miRs for clinical usage. Keywords: MicroRNA, Diabetes, Gestational Funding and Conflicts of Interest: None
Role of Lipid Management in Women's Health Preventive Care; Managing dyslipidemia over a women's life, including a focus on pregnancy, contraception, and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk prevention can decrease the burden of cardiovascular disease.
Stroke in Pregnancy: A Multidisciplinary Approach; Pregnancy confers a substantially increased risk of stroke, especially during the third trimester and until 6 weeks postpartum. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational hypercoagulability are important contributors to obstetric stroke. Preeclampsia and eclampsia confer risk for future cardiovascular disease. Hemorrhagic stroke is the most common type of obstetric stroke. Ischemic stroke can result from cardiomyopathy, paradoxical embolism, posterior reversible encephalopathy, reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome, and dissections. Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis is a frequent complication of pregnancy.
Persistent Aortic Stiffness and Left Ventricular Hypertrophy in Children of Diabetic Mothers; Background: Fetuses of diabetic mothers develop left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and are at increased long-term risk of cardiovascular disease. In our previous longitudinal study from midgestation to late infancy we showed persistence of LV hypertrophy and increased aortic stiffness compared with infants of healthy mothers, the latter of which correlated with third trimester maternal hemoglobin A1c. In the present study, we reexamined the same cohort in early childhood to determine if these cardiovascular abnormalities persisted. Methods: Height, weight, and right arm blood pressure were recorded. A full functional and structural echocardiogram was performed with offline analysis of LV posterior wall and interventricular septal diastolic thickness (IVSd), systolic and diastolic function, and aortic pulse wave velocity. Vascular reactivity was assessed using digital thermal monitoring. Participants also completed a physical activity questionnaire. Results: Twenty-five children of diabetic mothers (CDMs) and 20 children from healthy pregnancies (mean age, 5.6 ± 1.7 and 5.3 ± 1.3 years, respectively; P = not significant) were assessed. Compared with controls, IVSd z score was increased in CDMs (1.2 ± 0.6 vs 0.5 ± 0.3, respectively; P = 0.006), with one-fifth having a z score of more than +2.0. Aortic pulse wave velocity was increased in CDMs (3.2 ± 0.6 m/s vs 2.2 ± 0.4 m/s; P = 0.001), and correlated with IVSd z score (R2 = 0.81; P = 0.001) and third trimester maternal A1c (R2 = 0.65; P < 0.0001). Body surface area, height, weight, blood pressure, vascular reactivity, and physical activity scores did not differ between groups. Our longitudinal analysis showed that individuals with greater IVSd, and aortic stiffness in utero, early and late infancy also tended to have greater measures in early childhood (P < 0.001 and P < 0.0001, respectively). Conclusions: CDMs show persistently increased interventricular septal thickness and aortic stiffness in early childhood.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with vitiligo: A Taiwanese nationwide cohort study; Vitiligo is perceived as an autoimmune skin disease. Previous studies showed conflicting data about vitiligo and pregnancy outcomes. To delineate the associations between vitiligo and the pregnancy outcomes, we used the National Health Insurance Research Database of Taiwan to conduct a retrospective cohort study from January 1, 2000 to December 31, 2015. This study population was composed of 1,096 women with vitiligo and 4,384 women without vitiligo, who were all matched according to age, comorbidity, and index year. Compared with the non-vitiligo controls, women with vitiligo had a higher risk of abortion (aHR 1.158, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.095-1.258, P < .001). Perinatal events, such as preterm delivery, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, stillbirth, and intrauterine growth retardation, were not different between both groups (aHR 1.065, 95% CI 0.817-1.157, P = .413). To determine if systemic treatment before conception decreases the risk of abortion, we assessed the medical history of pregnant women with vitiligo 1 year before pregnancy. Patients who were treated with oral medications had a lower risk of abortion than those who were not (aHR: 0.675, 95% CI: 0.482-0.809, P < .001). Our study indicates that there is a higher risk of abortion in pregnant women with vitiligo and the control of disease activity with systemic treatment before conception could improve pregnancy outcomes.
Anesthetic management of peripartum cardiomyopathy; INTRODUCTION: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare idiopathic cardiomyopathy frequently presenting with heart failure secondary to left ventricular systolic dysfunction towards the end of pregnancy or in the months following delivery. Within the published literature, there are case reports extolling the safety of both regional and general anesthetic interventions in PPCM. However, there is an absence of high-quality evidence to define a suitable paradigm for peri-operative care. In the absence of a large prospective case series or clinical trials, the synthesis of clinical data from published case reports provides an opportunity to distil published clinical data and explore the effect of clinical interventions. EVIDENCEACQUISITION: Asystematic search of English articles English language case reports published between 1986 and 2020 within multiple databases. Clinical data was extracted and aggregated into a database for analysis. EVIDENCE SYNTHESIS: Gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia were pre-partum risk factors. 403 case reports provided 466 individual cases from 48 countries. Neither regional nor general anesthetic interventions in the peripartum period have a discernible impact on the outcome of patients with PPCM. Rapid unpredictable deterioration in the peripartum period, requiring mechanical cardiac support or heart transplantation is described. The mortality of PPCM is 5-6%. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with PPCM are at risk of rapid unpredictable decline. Management within specialist centers should be considered. Although the data is unsuitable to provide a comprehensive paradigm for the anesthetic and critical care management of PPCM, the observations provide a direction for future clinical audits and trials.
Maternal and fetal outcome in cardiac patients: A cross-sectional study at tertiary care setting; Background: The presence of cardiac diseases in pregnancy is a high-risk condition and poses a threat to both mother and child. This study aimed to determine maternal and fetal pregnancies in women with cardiac disease at a tertiary care hospital. Methodology: This was aretrospective study conducted in theDepartment of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, from January 2013 to December 2015. All pregnant women with cardiac diseases were enrolled in the study. Mean (SD) was used for continuous variables, while percentages were calculated for categorical variables. Chi-square test was applied to compare the maternal and fetal outcome with the severity of functional class. A p-value of less than 0.05 was considered significant. Results: The average maternal age was 29.8 ± 5.2 years. Rheumatic heart disease was present in 47% and congenital heart disease in 28.8% of pregnant women. Almost 80% of women belonged to NYHA functional class I and II. Overall maternal complications were GDM, Preeclampsia, pulmonary edema, PPH, CCF, Arrhythmias, Cardiogenic and septic shock. GDM, preeclampsia, pulmonary edema mainly occurred in congenital heart disease patients. Perinatal outcomes included 93.2% live births, 3% neonatal, and 3% intrauterine deaths. Significant associations were found between pulmonary edema, use of Digoxin & Diuretics, and NYHA functional class. Conclusion: The current study indicates that cardiac diseases are associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. These women require aggressive monitoring and time management. Therefore, such patients should be regularly followed and counseled.
Cerebral palsy and criteria implicating intrapartum hypoxia in neonatal encephalopathy – An obstetric perspective for the South African setting; The science surrounding cerebral palsy (CP) indicates that it is a complex medical condition with multiple contributing variables and factors, and causal pathways are often extremely difficult to delineate. The pathophysiological processes are often juxtaposed on antenatal factors, genetics, toxins, fetal priming, failure of neuroscientific autoregulatory mechanisms, abnormal biochemistry and abnormal metabolic pathways. Placing this primed compromised compensated brain through the stresses of an intrapartum process could be the final straw in the pathway to brain injury and later CP. It is therefore simplistic to base causation of CP on only an intrapartum perspective with radiological ‘confirmation’, as is often the practice in medico-legal cases in South African courts. The present modalities (magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and cardiotocography (CTG)), when available, that retrospectively attempt to determine causation in courts are inadequate when used in isolation. Unless a holistic scientific review of the case including all contributing clinical factors (antepartum, intrapartum and neonatal), fetal heart rate monitoring, neonatal MRI if possible (and preferred) or late MRI, and histology (placental histology if performed) is taken into account, success for the plaintiff or defendant currently in a court of law will depend on eloquent legal argument rather than true scientific causality. The 10 criteria set out in this article to implicate intrapartum hypoxia in hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy/neonatal encephalopathy serve as a guideline in the medico-legal setting.
Tackling inequality in maternal health: Beyond the postpartum; Healthcare systems prioritise antenatal and intrapartum care over the postpartum period. This is reflected in clinical resource allocation and in research agendas. But from metabolic disease to mental health, many pregnancy-associated conditions significantly affect patients' lifelong health. Women from black and ethnic minority backgrounds and lower socioeconomic groups are at greater risk of physical and psychiatric complications of pregnancy compared to white British women. Without sufficiently tailored and accessible education about risk factors, and robust mechanisms for follow-up beyond the traditional 6-week postpartum period, these inequalities are further entrenched. Identifying approaches to address the needs of these patient populations is not only the responsibility of obstetricians and midwives; improvement requires cooperation from healthcare professionals from a wide range of specialties. Healthcare systems must encourage data collection on the long-term effects of metabolic and psychiatric conditions after the postpartum, and s support research that results in evidence-based care for the neglected field of women's postpartum health.
Covid-19 infection in iranian newborns and their mothers: A case series; Background: The symptoms, severity, and prognosis of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) are surprisingly different in neonates versus adults or even children. Currently, there are few studies on neonatal and maternal COVID-19 with limited populations. Case Presentation: In this study, we present 13 Iranian symptomatic newborns with a positive nasopharyngeal COVID-19 test and their maternal data on COVID-19. All neonates were admitted to the hospital at the first day of life, mostly having symptoms at birth, except three cases that had symptoms at days 2, 11, and 22. Almost all cases had respiratory distress and were tachypneic, which needed respiratory support. Although most cases were discharged after recovery, two patients died at days 12 and 48. Conclusion: Neonatal COVID-19 cases mostly had respiratory symptoms and subsequent radiographic features of a viral pneumonia; thus, they had an effective response to oxygen therapy. The symptoms were by far less severe in newborns, although we lost two cases to this infection. This highlights the necessity for good COVID-19 prognosis in infants and neonates.
The Time Is Now to Understand and Address Sex-Related Disparities in Gastroenterology and Hepatology; Many gastrointestinal disorders, autoimmune diseases, and pregnancy-related conditions preferentially impact women. This issue of The American Journal of Gastroenterology focuses on women's health in the context of gastrointestinal and liver disease. This editorial highlights the current issue's contents and seeks to spark the conversations to bring awareness to the many issues faced by women as both patients and practitioners.
Pregnancy in Liver Transplantation Recipients Is Associated With Increased Complications and Healthcare Utilization; INTRODUCTION:Given the increased rates of pregnancy in liver transplant recipients, evaluating the safety of pregnancy is crucial. We aim to evaluate pregnancy-related complications and outcomes in liver transplant recipients.METHODS:A retrospective nationwide review comparing pregnancy outcomes in liver transplant recipients vs the general population was performed between 2005 and 2013. Propensity-matched and multivariable regression analyses were performed to study pregnancy- and delivery-related complications in addition to patient and hospital outcomes.RESULTS:A total of 38,449,030 pregnancy-related admissions were evaluated in this study including 1,469 (0.004%) admissions in liver transplant recipients. Liver transplant recipients were more likely to undergo a caesarean delivery (60% vs 36%) and have a pregnancy-related complication (56% vs 27%) including miscarriage, intrauterine growth restriction, portpartum hemorrhage, hypertension, preeclampsia, and thromboembolism (P < 0.001) compared with the general population. Propensity-weighted analysis revealed higher rates of pregnancy complications (odds ratio 2.11, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.63-2.73), cost ($3,023, 95% CI $850-$5,197), and longer length of stay (1.52 days, 95% CI 0.62-2.41) in transplant recipients. Liver transplant recipients experienced zero inpatient mortalities compared with 0.01% of the general population. Transplant recipients with at least 1 complication had a longer length of stay (2.45 days, 95% CI 1.44-3.45) and higher cost of admission ($5,205, 95% CI $2,848-$7,561) compared with transplant recipients without a complication.DISCUSSION:Pregnancy after liver transplant is associated with higher rates of complications and worse outcomes without an increased risk of mortality.
Nanoparticles in pregnancy: the next frontier in reproductive therapeutics; BACKGROUND: Nanotechnology involves the engineering of structures on a molecular level. Nanomedicine and nano-delivery systems have been designed to deliver therapeutic agents to a target site or organ in a controlled manner, maximizing efficacy while minimizing off-target effects of the therapeutic agent administered. In both reproductive medicine and obstetrics, developing innovative therapeutics is often tempered by fears of damage to the gamete, embryo or developing foetus or of negatively impacting a woman's reproductive potential. Thus, nanomedicine delivery systems may provide alternative targeted intervention strategies, treating the source of the disease and minimizing long-term consequences for the mother and/or her foetus. OBJECTIVE AND RATIONALE: This review summarizes the current state of nanomedicine technology in reproductive medicine and obstetrics, including safety, potential applications, future directions and the hurdles for translation. SEARCH METHODS: A comprehensive electronic literature search of PubMed and Web of Science databases was performed to identify studies published in English up until February 2020. Relevant keywords were used to obtain information regarding use of nanoparticle technology in fertility and gene therapy, early pregnancy complications (ectopic pregnancy and gestational trophoblastic disease) and obstetric complications (preeclampsia, foetal growth restriction, preterm birth and gestational diabetes) and for selective treatment of the mother or foetus. Safety of specific nanoparticles to the gamete, embryo and foetus was also investigated. OUTCOMES: Pre-clinical research in the development of nanoparticle therapeutic delivery is being undertaken in many fields of reproductive medicine. Non-hormonal-targeted nanoparticle therapy for fibroids and endometriosis may provide fertility-sparing medical management. Delivery of interventions via nanotechnology provides opportunities for gene manipulation and delivery in mammalian gametes. Targeting cytotoxic treatments to early pregnancy tissue provides an alternative approach to manage ectopic pregnancies and gestational trophoblastic disease. In pregnancy, nanotherapeutic delivery offers options to stably deliver silencing RNA and microRNA inhibitors to the placenta to regulate gene expression, opening doors to novel genetic treatments for preeclampsia and foetal growth restriction. Restricting delivery of teratogenic drugs to the maternal compartment (such as warfarin) may reduce risks to the foetus. Alternatively, targeted delivery of drugs to the foetus (such as those to treat foetal arrythmias) may minimize side effects for the mother. WIDER IMPLICATIONS: We expect that further development of targeted therapies using nanoparticles in a reproductive setting has promise to eventually allow safe and directed treatments for conditions impacting the health and reproductive capacity of women and for the management of pregnancy and serious pregnancy complications.
Elite Athletes and Pregnancy Outcomes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; PURPOSE: The purpose of this systematic review was to evaluate fetal and maternal pregnancy outcomes of elite athletes who had participated in competitive sport immediately before conception. METHODS: Online databases were searched up to March 24, 2020. Studies of any design and language were eligible if they contained information on the relevant population (pregnant women), exposure (engaged in elite sport immediately before pregnancy), and outcomes (birth weight, low birth weight, macrosomia, preterm birth, fetal heart rate and pulse index, cesarean sections, instrumental deliveries, episiotomies, duration of labor, perineal tears, pregnancy-induced low back pain, pelvic girdle pain, urinary incontinence, miscarriages, prenatal weight gain, inadequate/excess prenatal weight gain, maternal depression or anxiety). RESULTS: Eleven unique studies (n = 2256 women) were included. We identified "low" certainty evidence demonstrating lower rates of low back pain in elite athletes compared with active/sedentary controls (n = 248; odds ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.20-0.73; I2 = 0%) and "very low" certainty evidence indicating an increased odds of excessive prenatal weight gain in elite athletes versus active/sedentary controls (n = 1763; odds ratio, 2.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.26-4.85; I2 = 0%). Low certainty evidence from two studies (n = 7) indicated three episodes of fetal bradycardia after high-intensity exercise that resolved within 10 min of cessation of activity. No studies reported inadequate gestational weight gain or maternal depression or anxiety. There were no differences between elite athletes and controls for all other outcomes. CONCLUSIONS: There is "low" certainty of evidence that elite athletes have reduced odds of experiencing pregnancy-related low back pain and "very low"certainty of evidence that elite athletes have increased the odds of excessive weight gain compared with active/sedentary controls. More research is needed to provide strong evidence of how elite competitive sport before pregnancy affects maternal and fetal outcomes.PROSPERO Registration: CRD42020167382.
Ultrasound for the Pregnant Person with Diabesity; Diabetes and obesity increase the risk of congenital anomalies, but the putative mechanisms of this increased risk are not fully elucidated. In this chapter, we delve into sonographic characteristics associated with diabetes and obesity, including fetal structural anomalies, functional cardiac alterations, and growth abnormalities. We will also discuss the technical challenges of imaging in the patient with diabesity and propose methodologies for optimizing imaging. Lastly, we will address the prevention of workplace-associated musculoskeletal disorders injury for sonographers.
Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome: Impact on Adult and Fetal Health; Women with the polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) may have an increased risk for complications in pregnancy including miscarriage, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, higher rates of cesarean delivery, and abnormalities in fetal growth. In addition, PCOS has been associated with the development of type II diabetes mellitus, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnea, endometrial cancer, depression and anxiety, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. In understanding that PCOS is a disease impacting more than just a woman's fertility, prevention and early identification of risk factors for affiliated conditions is essential.
Effect of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus on Neonatal Myocardial Function; Background and Aims: Infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have impaired myocardial performance and are at risk of pulmonary hypertension. We aimed to assess myocardial deformation and left ventricular (LV) rotational mechanics in this population. Methods: We studied 40 infants of mothers with GDM and 40 control infants. Three echocardiograms were carried out over the first 3 days after birth. Results: GDM infants had a lower gestation at birth and a thicker septal wall, a higher LV eccentricity index (indicating septal bowing), and a lower PAATi (indicating higher pulmonary vascular resistance) (all p < 0.05). GDM infants had lower LV strain, systolic and early diastolic strain rates, lower right ventricular (RV) strain, and early diastolic strain rates over the study period (all p < 0.05). By day 3, GDM infants had higher twist, torsion, and higher LV twist and untwist rates (all p < 0.05). GDM status was an independent predictor of LV and RV function and pulmonary vascular resistance (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Infants of mothers with GDM demonstrate important changes in myocardial function in addition to pulmonary vascular resistance that do not resolve by hospital discharge. The observed LV twist increase in GDM infants may be a compensatory mechanism for the lower longitudinal function in this cohort.
The critical window of opportunity: Lactation initiation following cesarean birth; Introduction: Cesarean birth is reported to be risk factor for the delayed onset of maternal lactation. The purpose of this study was to describe the timing of lactation initiation, subsequent feeding/milk expression patterns, and daily milk volumes among women who had a cesarean birth of an infant with a known congenital anomaly during the 3-day postpartum hospital stay. Materials and Methods: Retrospective descriptive cohort study. The electronic medical records of dyads, between 2014 and 2017 at the study setting, were abstracted for demographic and clinical data. Milk expression and milk volume data were abstracted from maternal lactation logs. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Results: Among the cohort (n = 468 dyads), the mean time from infant delivery by cesarean to lactation initiation was 257.5 minutes. The cohort was divided into three groups by the timing of lactation initiation: EARLY (≤60 minutes; n = 112), MID (>60 minutes to ≤360 minutes; n = 309), and LATE (>360 minutes; n = 47). Statistically significant differences are seen between groups for the daily means: number of feeds/pumps and maternal milk volumes (irrespective of the presence of lactation risk factors). Discussion: This is the first study to explore the relationship of lactation initiation among women postcesarean birth whose infants have a known congenital anomaly. The time between the infant's birth and the first feed/milk expression, and the patterns of feeding/milk expression during the postpartum hospital stay, are key drivers for maternal milk supply.
The Effects of Zinc Supplementation on C-Reactive Protein and Inflammatory Cytokines: A Meta-Analysis and Systematical Review; Zinc is known for anti-inflammatory and antioxidant roles. In this meta-Analysis, we aim to evaluate the impact of zinc supplementation on inflammatory markers, acute-phase reactants, and serum zinc level during inflammatory and infectious diseases. PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were screened systematically with the terms "zinc supplementation"AND "CRP"OR "IL-1β"OR "IL-2"OR "IL-6"OR "IL-10"OR "IL-12"OR "TNF-α"OR "TGF-β"OR "IFN-γ"OR "WBC (clinical trial)"OR "macrophage (clinical trial)"OR "lymphocyte (clinical trial)"OR "neutrophil (clinical trial)"OR "virus (clinical trial)"OR "antiviral (clinical trial)"for all databases. A total of 2,258 publications were screened, and 73 articles had suitable data for the meta-Analysis. Serum zinc level was significantly higher in supplementation group compared with controls [P = 0.0006, mean difference: 11.35 (4.84, 17.87)] (n = 37). Zinc supplementation downregulates acute-phase reactants, especially serum C-reactive protein (CRP) in adults [P < 0.00001, mean difference:-0.75 (-0.98,-0.52)] (n = 22) and pregnant women [FEM P < 0.00001, mean difference:-1.77 (-2.53,-1.00)] (n = 3) but not in children [REM P = 0.10, mean difference:-0.85 (-1.86, 0.17)] (n = 3). In subgroups analysis of chronic inflammatory diseases, serum CRP [REM P < 0.00001, mean difference:-0.57 (-0.76,-0.38)] were significantly lower in zinc-supplemented patients compared with no intervention group. Zinc supplementation (mg/day) correlated with serum interferon-gamma (IFN-γ) level (P = 0.018, r = 1,000). In the nonsupplemented group, serum zinc correlated with serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) level (P = 0.041, r =-0.829) and serum tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) level (P = 0.063, r = 0.730). Zinc intake correlated with serum zinc (P = 0.0428, r = 0.5115) and TNF-α (P = 0.0043, r =-0.9461). This meta-Analysis shows that zinc supplementation improves CRP levels in adults and pregnant women. It might have modulatory effects on cytokine secretions and blood cells in inflammatory and infectious diseases. For the first time, we investigated the effects of zinc supplementation on inflammatory cytokine.
Comparison of placental pathology and placental culture as predictors of clinical sepsis in neonates; Purpose: Chorioamnionitis, the inflammation of fetal membranes due to ascending bacteria from the vagina and cervix, has been shown to be a risk factor for developing neonatal sepsis. The diagnosis of chorioamnionitis relies on clinical findings of maternal fever, maternal and fetal tachycardia, and uterine tenderness. While placental pathology is used to histologically confirm the presence of chorioamnionitis, placental cultures are not currently validated as a method to diagnose chorioamnionitis or assess risk for neonatal sepsis. This study aims to evaluate the correlation of both placental culture and placental pathology with neonatal outcomes and to assess their predictive value in the identification of neonatal sepsis. Methods: We performed retrospective chart reviews on infants and mothers for whom a placental culture and pathology was sent at Loyola University Medical Center from January 2017 to December 2019. We separated the infants into cohorts based on whether or not they had positive placental cultures and positive placental pathologies suggestive of chorioamnionitis. We then used both linear and logistic regression models adjusting for maternal and infant demographic factors such as age, sex, race, prenatal care, and antibiotic use in order to evaluate the correlations of these factors with infants' length of stay, mortality, and the development of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), retinopathy of prematurity (ROP), and clinical sepsis during their hospital stay. Clinical sepsis was defined as either having confirmed bacteremia or meeting the neonatal SIRS criteria without the presence of bacteremia. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were also calculated. Results: We reviewed the maternal placental cultures and pathologies for 279 infants. There were 86 infants with neonatal sepsis, a majority of those (89.5%) being clinical sepsis without bacteremia. When controlling for factors that varied between the cohorts, we found that both positive placental cultures and positive placental pathologies were associated with an increased risk of clinical sepsis (OR 4.66, p=0.04; OR 8.09, p=0.001, respectively). Additionally, having a positive placental pathology was associated with an increased length of hospital stay (OR 9.31, p=0.02). When conducting a sensitivity and specificity analysis concerning the development of clinical sepsis, the specificity of placental pathology (57.87%, 95% CI [51.54, 64.02]) was significantly greater than that of placental culture (27.17%, 95% CI [21.79, 33.08]), as was the positive predictive value (15.75%, 95% CI [12.78, 19.25] vs. 10.19%, 95% CI [8.61, 12.04], respectively), whereas sensitivity and negative predictive value were comparable. Conclusion: This study suggests that both positive placental cultures and positive placental pathologies correlate with the development of neonatal sepsis. Placental pathology is superior to placental culture in predicting the development of neonatal sepsis. Neonatal outcomes based on placental culture and placental pathology results adjusted for covariates. Covariates adjusted for include maternal age, maternal race, birth weight, routine prenatal care, prenatal antibiotic use, maternal GBS serology, maternal diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, SROM, AROM, PPROM, delivery method, and fever during labor. Sensitivity and specificity data for placental pathology and placental culture in predicting clinical sepsis.
Risk of Cardiovascular Outcomes in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes after Addition of SGLT2 Inhibitors Versus Sulfonylureas to Baseline GLP-1RA Therapy; Background: Several glucagon-like peptide receptor agonists (GLP-1RA) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2i) have demonstrated cardiovascular benefit in type 2 diabetes in large randomized controlled trials in patients with established cardiovascular disease or multiple risk factors. However, few trial participants were on both agents, and it remains unknown whether the addition of SGLT2i to GLP-1RA therapy has further cardiovascular benefits. Methods: Patients adding either SGLT2i or sulfonylureas to baseline GLP-1RA were identified within 3 US claims datasets (2013-2018) and were 1:1 propensity score-matched, adjusting for >95 baseline covariates. The primary outcomes were a composite cardiovascular end point (comprising myocardial infarction, stroke, and all-cause mortality) and heart failure hospitalization. Adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% CIs were estimated in each dataset and pooled through fixed-effects meta-analysis. Results: Among 12 584 propensity score-matched pairs (mean [SD] age, 58.3 [10.9] years; 48.2% male) across the 3 datasets, there were 107 composite cardiovascular end point events (incidence rate per 1000 person-years, 9.9 [95% CI, 8.1-11.9]) among SGLT2i initiators compared with 129 events (incidence rate, 13.0 [95% CI, 10.9-15.3]) among sulfonylurea initiators, corresponding to an adjusted pooled HR of 0.76 (95% CI, 0.59-0.98); this decrease in composite cardiovascular end point was driven by numeric decreases in the risk of myocardial infarction (HR, 0.71 [95% CI, 0.51-1.003]) and all-cause mortality (HR, 0.68 [95% CI, 0.40-1.14]) but not stroke (HR, 1.05 [95% CI, 0.62-1.79]). For the outcome of heart failure hospitalization, there were 141 events (incidence rate, 13.0 [95% CI, 11.0-15.2]) among SGLT2i initiators versus 206 events (incidence rate, 20.8 [95% CI, 18.1-23.8]) among sulfonylurea initiators, corresponding to an adjusted pooled HR of 0.65 (95% CI, 0.50-0.82). Conclusions: Risk of residual confounding cannot be fully excluded. Individual therapeutic agents within each class may have different magnitudes of effect. In this large real-world cohort of patients with diabetes already on GLP-1RA, addition of SGLT2i conferred greater cardiovascular benefit compared with addition of sulfonylurea. The magnitude of the cardiovascular risk reduction was comparable with the benefit seen in cardiovascular outcome trials of SGLT2i versus placebo, where baseline GLP-1RA use was minimal.
No COVID-19 cases detected between April and September 2020 after screening all 838 admissions to a maternity unit in Poland; Background: Between April and September 2020, there were <10 000 reported cases of COVID-19 in the Masovia district, Poland, and <1000 new cases daily in Poland. During this period, all new hospital admissions to a maternity unit of a teaching hospital in Warsaw were screened for the COVID-19 infection. This retrospective study presents the findings from the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test for COVID-19. Material/Methods: This study included 838 women admitted for delivery between April 20 and September 20, 2020. All the admitted women were assigned to a low-risk or a high-risk group for COVID-19 and underwent RT-PCR nasopharyngeal swab tests (GeneFinder™-COVID-19-Plus-RealAmpKit. OSANG Healthcare Co., Ltd., Gyeonggi-do, Korea) for COVID-19. The testing protocol included repeated testing in case of inconclusive results or negative results in the symptomatic patients. The maternal and neonatal data from these cases were collected and analyzed. Results: All of the 838 women tested negative for COVID-19. Two women (0.24%) were classified as high risk for COVID-19. For 4 (0.48%) women, the results were initially inconclusive and negative when repeated. One hundred and eighty-one (21.5%) women presented with comorbidities, and 60 (7.2%) women were 340 years old. Conclusions: The findings from this study show that between April and September 2020, there were no cases of COVID-19 infections at the maternity unit of a teaching hospital in Warsaw, Poland. However, the infection rates for COVID-19 across Europe continue to change. Testing protocols have been developed and established for all hospital admissions and it is anticipated that testing methods will become more rapid and accurate.
Massive antepartum haemorrhage at insertion of Foley balloon catheter for induction of labour; Induction of labour using a balloon catheter is common practice throughout the world, often used in high-risk pregnancies due to the improved safety profile for the fetus compared with pharmacological methods. This report outlines the case of a 2500 mL antepartum haemorrhage on placement of a Foley catheter through the cervix at a secondary obstetric unit in New Zealand. An emergency caesarean section was carried out 20 min after the bleeding onset. No obvious cause for the bleeding was identified at caesarean. The mother required a blood transfusion, but otherwise, did well clinically; the infant required resuscitation at birth and went on to suffer a left middle cerebral artery stroke. At 6 months, he is assumed to have recovered with no long-term sequelae. A literature review has highlighted this was an unprecedented event. We hope to raise awareness of this rare catastrophic adverse outcome given the prevalence of balloon catheter induction.
Human uterus transplantation from living and deceased donors: The interim results of the first 10 cases of the Czech trial; Introduction: Uterus transplantation (UTx) is a rapidly evolving treatment of uterine-factor infertility. We report the results of the first 10 UTx procedures performed at our institution. Methods: The program started in April 2016 as a two-arm study comparing the efficacy of UTx from live donors (LD) and deceased donors (DD). Results: Between April 2016 and April 2018, we performed five DD UTx and five LD UTx. Two grafts had to be removed early due to thrombosis. One graft was removed due to chronic rejection and previous herpes simplex infection at month 7. Graft survival is 70% at one year. Recipient survival is 100% at two years. Live donor survival is 100% at three years. Three live-births have been achieved, two from a LD and one from a graft from a nulliparous DD. Vaginal anastomotic stenosis occurred in 63% (5/8) of grafts. Self-expanding stents have shown preliminary suitability for the treatment of vaginal stenosis. Three recipients developed severe acute rejection. Conclusion: The interim results of our study demonstrate mid-term viability in 70% of grafts. The LD UTx produced two live births and the DD UTx produced one live birth. Nulliparous donors should be considered for donation.
Simultaneous occurrence of choriocarcinoma in an infant and mother; Infantile choriocarcinoma is an extremely rare disease. We present a case study of a 1-month-old male with choriocarcinoma diagnosed simultaneously with his mother. On admission to hospital, the disease was very advanced and massive progression and multi-organ failure caused the death of the patient despite the implemented treatment. It was too late to save the child’s life, but early enough to save his mother. The authors believe that the serum levels of hCG should be determined in every newborn with anemia and liver tumor, especially when the mother has a positive history of miscarriage.
An exercise program throughout pregnancy: Barakat model; The physiologic processes of pregnancy and childbirth can determine the future well-being of mothers and children due to the great quantity and quality of modifications that these processes require in all areas of the female body and fetus. Recent evidence has confirmed that modern unhealthy lifestyles negatively affect pregnancy outcomes. Engaging in unhealthy habits during pregnancy increases the risk of chronic disease in both the mother and the fetus. Regarding physical exercise during pregnancy, throughout history, many professionals and scientists have reported the best gestational conditions for the mother, fetus, and newborn. The perspectives and advice have changed over time, including periods of strong conservatism. This history has affected the recommendations for the type and amount of exercise that a healthy woman should perform during pregnancy. The aim of this article is to determine the basic aspects that physical exercise programs during pregnancy should define in the near future. Additionally, from the results of this article, we propose an exercise program model that includes many exercises spanning throughout pregnancy (3 blocks = until 20 weeks, until 30 weeks and until the end of the pregnancy). An exercise session model divided into seven parts and recommendations of operative position to exercise during pregnancy are also provided.
Protein and genetic expression of CDKN1C and IGF2 and clinical features related to human umbilical cord length; Umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities are related to neurological outcome and death; specific molecular factors that might be involved are, as yet, unknown; however, protein-coding genes insulin-like growth factor 2 (IGF2) and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1C (CDKN1C) have been identified as potential candidates. An analytical observational study was carried out. Newborn UCs were collected, along with their clinical and morphological features. Immunohistochemical analysis was made on paraffin-embedded sections and quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was performed in fresh UC tissue for the assessment of gene expression. A total of 100 newborns were included. A significant association was found between long UC and prematurity [odds ratio (OR) 9] and long UC and respiratory distress (OR 4.04). Gestational diabetes (OR 8.55) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (OR 4.71) were found to be related to short UCs. The frequency for abnormal UC length was higher than expected. UC length was positively correlated with maternal, newborn and placental weight. No statistical association was found between IGF2 and CDKN1C (p57) expression and UC length; however, there was a tendency for higher CDKN1C expression in short UCs, while, on the contrary, higher IGF2 expression for long UCs. UC length was observed to be associated with maternal and newborn complications. Protein expression, messenger RNA (mRNA) activity and the activity of said genes seem to be related to UC length.
The effects of aerobic exercise on markers of maternal metabolism during pregnancy; Background: Optimal maternal metabolism during pregnancy is essential for healthy fetal growth and development. Chronic exercise is shown to positively affect metabolism, predominantly demonstrated in nonpregnant populations. Objective: To determine the effects of aerobic exercise on maternal metabolic biomarkers during pregnancy, with expected lower levels of glucose, insulin, and lipids among exercise-trained pregnant women. Methods: Secondary data analyses were performed using data from two, longitudinal prenatal exercise intervention studies (ENHANCED by MOM and GESTAFIT). Exercisers completed 150 min of weekly moderate-intensity exercise during pregnancy (24+ weeks) while nonexercisers attended stretching sessions. Pregnant women were 31–33 years of age, predominantly non-Hispanic white, and “normal weight” body mass index. At 16 and 36 weeks of gestation, fasting blood samples were collected via fingerstick and venipuncture. Maternal glucose, insulin, insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoproteins (LDL), high-density lipoproteins (HDL), and triglycerides (TG) were analyzed. ANCOVA analyses were performed to evaluate the effects of aerobic exercise on markers of maternal metabolism in late pregnancy, controlling for baseline levels. Results: Our sample included 12 aerobic exercisers and 54 nonexercising control groups. Significant between-groups differences at 16 weeks of gestation were found for TG (92.3 vs. 121.2 mg/dl, p =.04), TC (186.8 vs. 219.6 mg/dl, p =.002), and LDL (104.1 vs. 128.8 mg/dl, p =.002). Aerobic-trained pregnant women exhibited lower insulin levels in late pregnancy (β = −2.6 μIU/ml, 95% CI:−4.2, −0.95, p =.002) and a reduced increase in insulin levels from 16 to 36 week of gestation (β = −2.3 μIU/ml, 95% CI: −4.4, −0.2, p =.034) compared with nonexercising pregnant women. No statistically significant effects were observed for maternal HOMA-IR, TC, LDL, HDL, TC:HDL, and TG in late pregnancy. Conclusions: The observations of this study demonstrate that prenatal exercise may positively affect maternal insulin, with aerobic-trained pregnant women exhibiting lower insulin levels in late pregnancy. Additionally, we found no appreciable effects of prenatal exercise on maternal lipids in late pregnancy.
Mediators of metabolism: An unconventional role for NOD1 and NOD2; In addition to their classical roles as bacterial sensors, NOD1 and NOD2 have been implicated as mediators of metabolic disease. Increased expression of NOD1 and/or NOD2 has been reported in a range of human metabolic diseases, including obesity, diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and metabolic syndrome. Although NOD1 and NOD2 share intracellular signaling pathway components, they are differentially upregulated on a cellular level and have opposing impacts on metabolic disease development in mouse models. These NOD-like receptors may directly mediate signaling downstream of cell stressors, such as endoplasmic reticulum stress and calcium influx, or in response to metabolic signals, such as fatty acids and glucose. Other studies suggest that stimulation of NOD1 or NOD2 by their bacterial ligands can result in inflammation, altered insulin responses, increased reactive oxygen signaling, and mitochondrial dysfunction. The activating stimuli for NOD1 and NOD2 in the context of metabolic disease are controversial and may be a combination of both metabolic and circulating bacterial ligands. In this review, we will summarize the current knowledge of how NOD1 and NOD2 may mediate metabolism in health and disease, as well as highlight areas of future investigation.
The triad mother-breast milk-infant as predictor of future health: A narrative review; The benefits of human milk for both mother and infant are widely acknowledged. Human milk could represent a link between maternal and offspring health. The triad mother-breast milk-infant is an interconnected system in which maternal diet and lifestyle might have effects on infant’s health outcome. This link could be in part explained by epigenetics, even if the underlining mechanisms have not been fully clarified yet. The aim of this paper is to update the association between maternal diet and human milk, pointing out how maternal diet and lifestyle could be associated with breast-milk composition, hence with offspring’s health outcome.
The current and potential therapeutic use of metformin—the good old drug; Metformin, one of the oldest oral antidiabetic agents and still recommended by almost all current guidelines as the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), has become the medication with steadily increasing potential therapeutic indications. A broad spectrum of experimental and clinical studies showed that metformin has a pleiotropic activity and favorable effect in different pathological conditions, including prediabetes, type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Moreover, there are numerous studies, meta-analyses and population studies indicating that metformin is safe and well tolerated and may be associated with cardioprotective and nephroprotective effect. Recently, it has also been reported in some studies, but not all, that metformin, besides improvement of glucose homeostasis, may possibly reduce the risk of cancer development, inhibit the incidence of neurodegenerative disease and prolong the lifespan. This paper presents some arguments supporting the initiation of metformin in patients with newly diagnosed T2DM, especially those without cardiovascular risk factors or without established cardiovascular disease or advanced kidney insufficiency at the time of new guidelines favoring new drugs with pleotropic effects complimentary to glucose control. Moreover, it focuses on the potential beneficial effects of metformin in patients with T2DM and coexisting chronic diseases.
Intrapartum fetal monitoring and perinatal risk factors of neonatal hypoxic–ischemic encephalopathy; Background: Neonatal hypoxic–ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) in term infants, is a major cause of neonatal mortality and severe neurologic disability. Objectives: To identify in labor fetal monitoring characteristic patterns and perinatal factors associated with neonatal HIE. Study design: Single-center retrospective case–control study between 2010 and 2017. Cases clinically diagnosed with neonatal HIE treated by therapeutic hypothermia according to strict criteria (HIE-TH) were compared to a group of neonates born in the same period, gestational age-matched diagnosed with fetal distress according to fetal monitoring interpretation that was followed by prompt delivery, without subsequent HIE or therapeutic hypothermia (No-HIE). The primary outcome of the study was the electronic fetal monitoring (EFM) pattern during 60 min prior to delivery; the secondary outcome was the identification of perinatal associated factors. Results: 54 neonates with HIE were treated by therapeutic hypothermia. EFM parameters most predictive of HIE-TH were indeterminate baseline heart rate OR = 47.297, 95% (8.17–273.76) p < 0.001, bradycardia OR = 15.997 95% (4.18–61.18) p < 0.001, low variability OR = 10.224, 95% (2.71–38.45) p < 0.001, higher baseline of the fetal heart rate calculated for each increment of 1 BPM OR = 1.0547, 95% (1.001–1.116) p = 0.047. Rupture of a previous uterine cesarean scar and placental abruption were characteristic of the HIE-TH group 14.8% vs. 1% p < 0.05; and 16.7% vs. 6% p < 0.05, respectively. Adverse neonatal outcomes also differed significantly: HIE-TH had a higher rate of neonatal seizures 46.2% vs. 0% p < 0.001 and mortality 7.7% vs. 0% p < 0.001. Conclusions: Characteristic fetal monitoring pattern prior to delivery together with acute obstetric emergency events are associated with neonatal HIE, neurological morbidity, and mortality.
Obesity can offset the cardiometabolic benefits of gestational exercise; Pregnancy exercise can prevent excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (GH), but inter-individual variability has not been explored. We aimed to analyze the prevalence––and potential sociodemographic and medical predictors of––non-responsiveness to gestational exercise, and the association of non-responsiveness with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Among 688 women who completed a supervised light-to-moderate intensity exercise program (three ~1-h sessions/week including aerobic, resistance, and pelvic floor muscle training) until near-term, those who showed EGWG, GDM or GH were considered ‘non-responders’. A low prevalence of non-responders was observed for GDM (3.6%) and GH (3.4%), but not for EGWG (24.2%). Pre-pregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of non-responsiveness for GH (odds ratio 8.40 [95% confidence interval 3.10–22.78] and EGWG (5.37 [2.78–10.39]), whereas having a highest education level attenuated the risk of being non-responder for GDM (0.10 [0.02–0.49]). Non-responsiveness for EGWG was associated with a higher risk of prolonged labor length, instrumental/cesarean delivery, and macrosomia, and of lower Apgar scores. No association with negative delivery outcomes was found for GDM/GH. In summary, women with pre-pregnancy obesity might require from additional interventions beyond light-to-moderate intensity gestational exercise (e.g., diet and/or higher exercise loads) to ensure cardiometabolic benefits.
Cardiopulmonary exercise testing during pregnancy; The goal of this review is to examine practical considerations when conducting cardiopulmonary exercise testing during pregnancy. In a clinical and research setting, cardiopulmonary exercise testing during pregnancy is valuable in identifying underlying cardiopulmonary conditions, stratifying the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, as well as establishing exercise tolerance/limitations. This review encompasses information regarding the unique physiological adaptations that occur throughout gestation (e.g., changes in resting heart rate, blood pressure, glucose, etc.) and how these adaptations impact the interpretation of physiological measurements. There are also key concerns that are unique to pregnant populations that should be considered when participating in exercise (i.e., fetus, ventilation, thermoregulation, urinary incontinence, low back pain, and pelvic girdle pain). This step-by-step review of cardiopulmonary exercise testing outlines pregnancy related adjustments to standardized methods (i.e., screening/documentation, pre- and post-test measurements, protocol specifics, modality selection, and fetal monitoring) which should be considered for the safety of both the participant and fetus. Currently, pregnancy specific exercise testing guidelines are lacking. Therefore, we will be discussing the limitations of current recommendations such as a safe cut off for resting heart rate and pregnancy specific test termination criteria.
Fetal cardiovascular hemodynamics in type 1 diabetic pregnancies at near-term gestation; Introduction: Poor glycemic control in maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus during pregnancy can affect fetal cardiac and placental function. However, studies concerning fetal central hemodynamics have revealed conflicting results. We hypothesized that in pregnancies complicated by maternal type 1 diabetes, fetal cardiovascular and placental hemodynamics are comparable to the control fetuses at near-term gestation. In addition, we investigated the relation between newborn serum biomarkers of cardiac function and fetal cardiovascular and placental hemodynamics. Furthermore, we studied whether maternal diabetes is associated with placental inflammation. Material and methods: In this prospective case-control study, fetal central and peripheral hemodynamics were assessed by ultrasonography in 33 women with type 1 diabetes and in 67 controls with singleton pregnancies between 34+2 and 40+2 gestational weeks. Newborn umbilical cord serum was collected to analyze cardiac natriuretic peptides (atrial and B-type natriuretic peptides) and troponin T concentrations. Placental tissue samples were obtained for cytokine analyses. Results: Fetal ventricular wall thicknesses were greater and weight-adjusted stroke volumes and cardiac outputs were lower in the type 1 diabetes group than in the control group. Pulsatility in the aortic isthmus and inferior vena cava blood flow velocity waveforms was greater in the type 1 diabetes group fetuses than in the controls. A positive correlation was found between branch pulmonary artery and aortic isthmus pulsatility index values. Umbilical artery pulsatility indices were comparable between the groups. Umbilical cord serum natriuretic peptide and troponin T concentrations were elevated in the type 1 diabetes fetuses. These cardiac biomarkers correlated significantly with cardiovascular hemodynamics. Placental cytokine levels were not different between the groups. Conclusions: In maternal type 1 diabetes pregnancies, fetal cardiovascular hemodynamics is impaired. Maternal type 1 diabetes does not seem to alter placental vascular impedance or induce placental inflammation.
Socioeconomic barriers to prenatal diagnosis of critical congenital heart disease; Objective: The study was designed to assess the impact of socioeconomic barriers on the rate of prenatal diagnosis of critical congenital heart disease (CCHD). Methods: This was a retrospective review of the Medicaid analytic extract (MAX) dataset, a national Medicaid administrative claims database with linked maternal-infant claims, from 2007 to 2012. Infants with CCHD were identified by searching for International Classification of Diseases (ICD) 9 codes and Procedural Coding System (PCS) codes for CCHD within the first 6 months after the delivery date. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of maternal and socioeconomic factors on the prenatal diagnosis rate. Results: There were 4702 mother-infant dyads included in the analysis. The prenatal diagnosis rate of CCHD was 27.9%. Factors independently associated with odds of prenatal diagnosis of CCHD were presence of maternal diabetes (OR, 2.055; P <.001), ZIP code level median household income (OR, 1.005; P =.015), sonographer labor quotient (OR, 1.804; P =.047), the year of the delivery (OR, 1.155; P <.001), and needing a view other than a 4 chamber or outflow tract view to obtain the diagnosis (OR, 0.383; P <.001). Conclusion: Maternal health, diabetes, socioeconomic factors, and access to sonographers impacts prenatal diagnosis of CCHD.
Birth outcomes in women with body mass index of 40 kg/m2 or greater stratified by planned and actual mode of birth: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Introduction: Pregnant women with a body mass index (BMI) ≥40 kg/m2 are at an increased risk of requiring planned- and unplanned cesarean deliveries (CD). The aim of this systematic review is to compare outcomes in women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2 based on planned and actual mode of birth. Material and Methods: Five databases were searched for English and French-language publications until February 2019, and all studies reporting on delivery outcomes in women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2, stratified by planned and actual mode of birth, were included. Risk-of-bias was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals were calculated using random-effects meta-analysis. Results: Ten observational studies were included. Anticipated vaginal birth vs planned CD (5 studies, n = 2216) was associated with higher risk for postpartum hemorrhage (13.0% vs 4.1%, P <.001, numbers needed to harm (NNH = 11), I2 = 0%) but lower risk for wound complications (7.6% vs 14.5%, P <.001, numbers needed to treat (NNT = 15), I2 = 58.3%). Planned trial of labor vs repeat CD (3 studies, n = 4144) was associated with higher risk for uterine dehiscence (0.94% vs 0.42%, P =.04, NNH = 200, I2 = 0%), endometritis (5.1% vs 2.2%, P <.001, NNH = 35, I2 = 0%), prolonged hospitalization (one study, 30.3% vs 26.0%, P =.003, NNH = 23), low five-minute Apgar scores (4.9% vs 1.7%, RR 2.95 (2.03, 4.28), NNH = 30, I2 = 0%) and birth trauma (1.1% vs 0.2%, P <.001, NNH = 111, I2 = 0%). Successful vaginal birth vs intrapartum CD (n = 3625) was associated with lower risk of postpartum hemorrhage (15.1% vs 70%, P <.001, NNT = 2, I2 = 0%), wound complications (one study, 0% vs 4.4%, P =.007, NNT = 23), prolonged hospitalization (one study, 1.9% vs 6.7%, 0.04, NNT = 21) and low five-minute Apgar scores (one study, 1.0% vs 5.6%, P =.03, NNT = 22), but more birth trauma (5.9% vs 0.6%, P =.005, NNH = 19, I2 = 0%). Compared groups had dissimilar demographic characteristics. Although studies scored 6-7/9 on risk-of-bias assessment, they were at high-risk for confounding by indication. Conclusions: Evidence from observational studies suggests clinical equipoise regarding the optimal mode of delivery in women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2 and no prior CD. This question is best answered by a randomized trial. Based on an unplanned subgroup analysis, for women with BMI ≥ 40 kg/m2 and prior CD, repeat CD may be associated with better clinical outcomes.
Big data and real-world data-based medicine in the management of hypertension; Big data has been a hot topic in medical and healthcare research. Big data in healthcare is considered to comprise massive amounts of information from various sources, including electronic health records (EHRs), administrative or claims data, and data from self-monitoring devices. Biomedical research has also generated a significant portion of big data relevant to healthcare. Other large datasets arise from cohorts that are recruited and followed on the basis of specific questions, although such research questions may later be expanded to enable other investigations. While the availability of big data offers many possibilities for an improved understanding of disease and treatment, the need for careful and productive use of statistical concepts should be kept in mind. Patient data routinely collected via electronic means are called real-world data (RWD) and are becoming common in healthcare research. RWD and big data are not synonymous with each other, but the two terms seem to be used without distinction with respect to observational studies. In this article, we review hypertension-related papers that use big data or RWD. There are many other sources of big data or RWD that are not covered here, each of which may pose special challenges and opportunities. While randomized clinical trials (RCTs) are considered to be the criterion standard for generating clinical evidence, the use of real-world evidence (RWE) to evaluate the efficacy and safety of medical interventions is gaining interest. On-going efforts to make use of RWD to generate RWE for regulatory decisions, as well as the challenges confronted, including reliability (quality) and relevance (fitness for purpose) of data, will also be addressed.
Familial cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome: Vertical transmission of the BRAF p.G464R pathogenic variant and review of the literature; Cardio-facio-cutaneous syndrome (CFC) is one of the RASopathies and is caused by germline mutations that activate the Ras/mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) pathway. CFC is due to heterozygous germline mutations in protein kinases BRAF, MEK1, or MEK2 and rarely in KRAS, a small GTPase. CFC is a multiple congenital anomaly disorder in which individuals may have craniofacial dysmorphia, heart issues, skin and hair anomalies, and delayed development. Pathogenic variants for CFC syndrome are usually considered de novo because vertical transmission has only been reported with MEK2 and KRAS. The index case was a 3-year-old male with features consistent with the clinical diagnosis of CFC. Sequencing revealed a previously reported heterozygous likely pathogenic variant BRAF p.G464R. Upon detailed family history, the index case's pregnant mother was noted to have similar features to her son. Targeted familial testing of the BRAF pathogenic variant was performed on the mother, confirming her diagnosis. Prenatal genetic testing for the fetus was declined, but postnatal molecular testing of the index case's sister was positive for the familial BRAF p.G464R variant. Functional analysis of the variant demonstrated increased kinase activity. We report the first identified vertically transmitted functional BRAF pathogenic variant. Our findings emphasize the importance of obtaining a comprehensive evaluation of family members and that activating pathogenic variants within the canonical MAPK cascade mediated by BRAF are compatible with human reproduction.
The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on maternal health due to delay in seeking health care: Experience from a tertiary center; Objective: To assess the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on obstetric care and outcomes. Methods: A prospective observational single-center study was performed, including all antenatal and parturient women admitted from April to August, 2020. Data were collected regarding number of admissions, deliveries, antenatal visits, reason for inaccessibility of health care, and complications during pregnancy, and compared with data from the pre-COVID period of October 2019 to February 2020. Results: There was a reduction of 45.1% in institutional deliveries (P < 0.001), a percentage point increase of 7.2 in high-risk pregnancy, and 2.5-fold rise in admission to the intensive care unit of pregnant women during the pandemic. One-third of women had inadequate antenatal visits. The main reason for delayed health-seeking was lockdown and fear of contracting infection, resulting in 44.7% of pregnancies with complications. Thirty-two symptomatic women who tested positive for COVID-19 were managed at the center with good maternal and fetal outcomes. Conclusion: Although COVID-19 does not directly affect pregnancy outcomes, it has indirect adverse effects on maternal and child health. Emergency obstetric and antenatal care are essential services to be continued with awareness of people while maintaining social distancing and personal hygiene.
Early pregnancy metabolites predict gestational diabetes mellitus: implications for fetal programming; Background: Aberrant fetal programming in gestational diabetes mellitus seems to increase the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. The inability to accurately identify gestational diabetes mellitus in the first trimester of pregnancy has thwarted ascertaining whether early therapeutic interventions reduce the predisposition to these prevalent medical disorders. Objective: A metabolomics study was conducted to determine whether advanced analytical methods could identify accurate predictors of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy. Study Design: This nested observational case-control study was composed of 92 gravidas (46 in the gestational diabetes mellitus group and 46 in the control group) in early pregnancy, who were matched by maternal age, body mass index, and gestational age at urine collection. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed according to community standards. A comprehensive metabolomics platform measured 626 endogenous metabolites in randomly collected urine. Consensus multivariate criteria or the most important by 1 method identified low–molecular weight metabolites independently associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, and a classification tree selected a subset most predictive of gestational diabetes mellitus. Results: Urine for both groups was collected at a mean gestational age of 12 weeks (range, 6–19 weeks’ gestation). Consensus multivariate analysis identified 11 metabolites independently linked to gestational diabetes mellitus. Classification tree analysis selected a 7-metabolite subset that predicted gestational diabetes mellitus with an accuracy of 96.7%, independent of maternal age, body mass index, and time of urine collection. Conclusion: Validation of this high-accuracy model by a larger study is now needed to support future studies to determine whether therapeutic interventions in the first trimester of pregnancy for gestational diabetes mellitus reduce short- and long-term morbidity.
Reference range for C1-esterase inhibitor (C1 INH) in the third trimester of pregnancy; The objectives of this study were to (i) establish the reference range and mean value for normal levels of C1-esterase inhibitor (C1 INH) during pregnancy, and (ii) investigate the association between C1 INH and uterine atony, as measured by blood loss at delivery. We prospectively studied 200 healthy pregnant women who were registered. We studied C1 INH levels in 188 women at 34 and 35 gestational weeks of pregnancy. The reference range for C1 INH during the third trimester of pregnancy was calculated using the value of C1 INH that was determined at registration. The mean value of C1 INH was determined to be 70.3% (95% confidence interval, 68.7-71.9). While the C1 INH levels in four women were determined to be 40% lower than the calculated mean value, amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) did not occur in any of the women studied. This study successfully demonstrated that a reference value for C1 INH activity can be established using the methods described herein. Further research is needed to determine whether C1 INH is involved in obstetric coagulopathy syndrome such as amniotic fluid embolism.
Ethnic differences in mortality and hospital admission rates between Māori, Pacific, and European New Zealanders with type 2 diabetes between 1994 and 2018: a retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study; Background: Type 2 diabetes affects Indigenous and non-European populations disproportionately, including in New Zealand, where long-term temporal trends in cause-specific clinical outcomes between Māori, Pacific, and European people remain unclear. We aimed to compare the rates of mortality and hospital admission between Māori, Pacific, and European patients with type 2 diabetes in Auckland, New Zealand, over a period of 24 years. Methods: In this retrospective, population-based, longitudinal cohort study, we identified a cohort of patients (aged 35–84 years) with type 2 diabetes enrolled between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, to the primary care audit programme, the Diabetes Care Support Service (DCSS) in Auckland, New Zealand. Patients with type 1 diabetes, prediabetes, and gestational diabetes were excluded. We linked data from the DCSS with national death registration, hospital admission, pharmaceutical claim, and socioeconomic status databases. Patients were followed up until death or July 31, 2018 (date of last enrolment to the DCSS). Incident clinical events (all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, cancer mortality, cardiovascular hospital admission, cancer hospital admission, and end-stage renal disease hospital admission) were identified. Event rates were stratified by ethnic group, age group, sex, socioeconomic status, and time period (<1998, 1999–2013, 2004–08, 2009–13, and 2014–18). Incidence rate ratios (IRRs) and absolute risk differences were adjusted for sex, age, smoking status, obesity, socioeconomic status, and time period by use of age-period-cohort modelling. Findings: Between Jan 1, 1994, and July 31, 2018, 45 072 patients with type 2 diabetes (21 936 [48·7%] female; mean age 56·7 years [SD 13·8]) were enrolled in the DCSS and followed up for a median of 9·7 years (IQR 5·8–13·6). 16 755 (37·2%) were European, 7093 (15·7%) were Māori, and 12 044 (26·7%) were Pacific patients. Despite a similar temporal trend (decreasing mortality and increasing hospital admissions) across the three ethnic groups, Māori and Pacific patients had consistently higher hospital admission rates than European patients. Māori but not Pacific patients had higher adjusted IRRs for all-cause mortality (1·96 [95% CI 1·80–2·14]), cardiovascular mortality (1·93 [1·63–2·29]) and cancer mortality (1·64 [1·40–1·93]) rates compared with European patients. Interpretation: Compared with European patients, poorer health outcomes have persisted among Māori and Pacific people with type 2 diabetes for more than 20 years. New policies supporting prevention and more intensive management of type 2 diabetes are urgently needed. Research into the biological and societal mechanisms underlying these disparities, and the associated differences between Māori and Pacific patients is also needed. Funding: Counties Manukau Health and Middlemore Foundation.
Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with adverse maternal outcomes using a United States multistate database cohort, 2007–2014; Background: Obstructive sleep apnea affects approximately 11% of women of reproductive age, although it is often undetected and untreated. Previous studies suggest an association between obstructive sleep apnea and adverse maternal outcomes. Herein, we aim to better characterize the relationship between obstructive sleep apnea and maternal outcomes. Methods: Using the State Inpatient Databases, we performed a retrospective analysis of parturients ≥18 years old having inpatient deliveries in Florida, New York, California, Maryland, and Kentucky from 2007 to 2014. Outcomes included maternal pre-existing conditions, in-hospital mortality, maternal-fetal conditions and complications, and hospital length of stay >5 days. Results: Our cohort consisted of 6 911 916 parturients of whom 4326 (0.06%) had obstructive sleep apnea. Women with obstructive sleep apnea were more likely to present with pre-existing conditions, such as obesity and pre-pregnancy diabetes. After adjusting for patient- and hospital-level confounders in our multivariate analysis, obstructive sleep apnea status was associated with an increased odds of maternal-fetal conditions and complications, including pre-eclampsia (aOR 2.05, 95% CI 1.87 to 2.26), pulmonary edema (aOR 4.73, 95% CI 2.84 to 7.89), cesarean delivery (aOR 1.96, 95% CI 1.81 to 2.11), early onset delivery (aOR 1.28, 95% CI 1.17 to 1.40), and length of stay >5 days (aOR 2.42, 95% CI 2.21 to 2.65). Obstructive sleep apnea was not significantly associated with a higher risk of in-hospital mortality. Conclusions: Pregnant women with obstructive sleep apnea have a significantly higher adjusted risk of adverse maternal outcomes compared with women without obstructive sleep apnea.
The Importance of Cardiovascular Risk Assessment and Pregnancy Heart Team in the Management of Cardiovascular Disease in Pregnancy; Pregnancy-related maternal morbidity and mortality is increasing because of complications from cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy results in physiologic changes that can adversely impact the cardiovascular system and lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes. A multidisciplinary pregnancy heart team is essential to safely navigate women with heart disease through pregnancy. This role of the pregnancy heart team is to offer preconception counseling, determine pregnancy risks and educate women about those risks, develop a comprehensive antenatal and delivery plan, and ensure appropriate postpartum follow-up. These steps are important to improve cardiovascular outcomes in pregnancy.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes on bone mineral density and fracture risk: Analysis of the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) population-based study; Objectives: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy complication. This study aims to investigate the association between a history of GDM and bone mineral density (BMD), fractures, and falls in later life. Study design: We used data from the Norfolk cohort of the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer (EPIC-Norfolk) where BMD at calcaneum was measured at second health check (1997–2000) using broadband ultrasound attenuation (BUA) and velocity of sound (VOS) in 7,515 women. Fractures and falls were documented from hospital admissions data via linkage with ENCORE (East Norfolk Commission Record) and history of GDM from health questionnaires at baseline. We examined the relationship between GDM and BUA/VOS using linear regression. Cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) for incident fractures and falls, controlling for age, BMI, smoking status, physical activity, area deprivation, self-reported stroke, use of diuretics, calcium and vitamin D supplements, social class and education, statin and total blood cholesterol, prevalent diabetes, hormone therapy and menopausal status. Results: History of GDM (n = 183) was not statistically significantly associated with BUA/VOS in fully adjusted linear regression models with unstandardised beta coefficients (standard error): -0.37 (1.40) and -5.41 (3.48). GDM was significantly (p < 0.05) associated with risk of hip and all fractures, fully adjusted HRs(95 %CI) 2.46(1.54−3.92) and 1.60(1.09−2.35), respectively. Median follow-up from first live birth to date of admission was 53 and 52 years, respectively. Conclusion: There was an association between history of GDM and risk of any fracture as well as hip fracture specifically. Further research is required to confirm this.
Task-sharing interventions for improving control of diabetes in low-income and middle-income countries: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Task-sharing interventions using non-physician health-care workers might be a potential diabetes management strategy in health systems that are constrained by physician shortages, such as those in low-income and middle-income countries (LMICs). Methods: We did a systematic review and meta-analysis of task-sharing intervention strategies for managing type 2 diabetes in LMICs. We searched PubMed, Embase, and CINAHL from database inception to Sept 25, 2019, for studies that were randomised control trials or cluster randomised trials with task-shifted or task-shared interventions delivered to adults (≥18 years) by non-physician health workers versus usual care, done in LMICs with glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) or fasting blood sugar (FBS) as outcome measures. The methodological quality of included studies was assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Random-effects model meta-analysis was used to estimate the population average pooled mean difference for HbA1c and FBS with 95% CIs. Our study protocol was registered in the PROSPERO database (CRD42018081015). Findings: We found 4213 studies from the literature search, of which 46 (1·1%) were eligible for the narrative synthesis, including a total of 16 973 participants. 16 of these studies were excluded from the meta-analysis due to high risk of bias. 24 studies with a total of 5345 participants were included in the meta-analysis of HbA1c and 18 studies with a total of 3287 participants for FBS. Interventions led to an average reduction in HbA1c when tasks were delivered by nurses (averaged pooled mean difference −0·54% [95% CI −0·89 to −0·18]; I2=80%) and pharmacists (−0·91% [–1·15 to −0·68]; I2=58%), but not when they were delivered by dietitians (−0·50% [–1·10 to 0·09]; I2=54%) or community health workers (0·05% [0·03 to 0·07]; I2=0%). A reduction in average FBS was also observed when interventions were delivered by pharmacists (average pooled mean difference −36·26 mg/dL [–52·60 to −19·92]; I2=78%) but not nurses (−7·46 mg/dL [–18·44 to 3·52]; I2=79%) or community health workers (−5·41 [–12·74 to 1·92]; I2=71%). Only one study reported on FBS when tasks were delivered by dietitians, with a mean difference of −35·00 mg/dL (−65·96 to −4·04). Interpretation: Task sharing interventions with non-physician healthcare workers show moderate effectiveness in diabetes management in LMIC settings. Although relatively high heterogeneity limits the interpretation of the overall findings, interventions led by pharmacists and nurses in LMICs with relatively high physician density are effective strategies in the management of diabetes. Funding: Wellcome Trust–Department of Biotechnology India Alliance.
Utility Decrements Associated With Diabetes and Related Complications: Estimates From a Population-Based Study in Germany; Objectives: Health utility decrement estimates for diabetes and complications are needed for parametrization of simulation models that aim to assess the cost-utility of diabetes prevention and care strategies. This study estimates health utility decrements associated with diabetes and cardiovascular and microvascular complications from a population-based German study. Methods: Data were obtained from the population based cross-sectional KORA (Cooperative Health Research in the Augsburg Region) health questionnaire 2016 and comprised n = 1072 individuals with type 2 diabetes and n = 7879 individuals without diabetes. Health utility was assessed through the EQ-5D-5L. We used linear regression models with interaction terms between type 2 diabetes and different cardiovascular and microvascular complications while adjusting for demographic and socio-economic factors and other comorbidities. Results: Type 2 diabetes (β = −0.028, standard error [SE] = 0.014), stroke (β = −0.070, SE = 0.010), cardiac arrhythmia (β = −0.031, SE = 0.006), heart failure (β = −0.073, SE = 0.009), coronary heart disease (β = −0.028, SE = 0.010), myocardial infarction (β = −0.020, SE = 0.011, estimates of main effect), and neuropathy (β = −0.067, SE = 0.020), diabetic foot (β = −0.042, SE = 0.030), nephropathy (β = −0.032, SE = 0.025), and blindness (β = −0.094, SE = 0.056, estimates of interaction terms) were negatively associated with health utility. The interaction term for diabetes x stroke (β = −0.052, SE = 0.021) showed that the utility decrement for stroke is significantly larger in people with type 2 diabetes than in people without diabetes. Conclusions: Diabetes, cardiovascular, and microvascular conditions are associated with significant health utility decrements. Utility decrements for some conditions differ between people with and without type 2 diabetes. These results are of high relevance for the parametrization of decision analytic simulation models and applied health economic evaluations in the field of prevention and management of type 2 diabetes in Germany.
Management of patients with diabetes and obesity in the COVID-19 era: Experiences and learnings from South and East Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; The COVID-19 pandemic has had a major effect on healthcare during 2020. Current evidence suggests that, while individuals with diabetes and obesity are no more prone to SARS-CoV-2 infection than those without, the risk of hospitalisation if someone has diabetes or obesity and then contracts COVID-19 is three times higher – and 4.5 times higher if they have diabetes and obesity. We assembled a panel of experts from South and East Europe, the Middle East, and Africa to discuss the challenges to management of diabetes and obesity during and post the COVID-19 pandemic. The experience and learnings of this panel cover a heterogeneous patient population, wide range of clinical settings, healthcare organisations, disease management strategies, and social factors. We discuss the importance of timely and effective disease management via telemedicine, providing reassurance and guidance for patients unable or unwilling to visit healthcare settings at this time. We address the use of novel therapies and their role in managing diabetes and obesity during the pandemic, as well as the importance of controlling hypoglycaemia and preventing cardiovascular complications, particularly in vulnerable people. Finally, we consider post-COVID-19 management of diabetes and obesity, and how these learnings and experiences should impact upon future clinical guidelines.
Successful Surgical Management of Aortic Arch Thrombosis in the Neonate; Spontaneous thrombosis in the aortic arch is a rare finding in the neonate. Often the thrombosis is initially interpreted as arch obstruction secondary to coarctation or interrupted aortic arch. Thus the obstruction is mechanical with no structural abnormality. We describe 2 newborns with coarctation and extensive thrombosis within the aortic arch. We report their successful surgical management, with a brief review of the literature and pertinent management principles.
Pregnancy Associated Heart Failure With Preserved Ejection Fraction: Risk Factors and Maternal Morbidity; Background: Cardiovascular conditions are leading contributors to increasing maternal morbidity and mortality. Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) results in the majority of HF admissions in women, yet its impact in pregnancy is unknown. We examined the prevalence rates, risk factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with HFpEF during pregnancy-related hospitalizations in the United States. Methods and Results: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of pregnancy-related hospitalizations from 2002 through 2014 using the National Inpatient Sample. HFpEF cases were identified using the 428.3 International Classification of Diseases, 9th edition, Clinical Modification code. Weighting variables were used to provide national estimates, unconditional survey logistic regression to generate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) representing adjusted associations with adverse pregnancy outcomes and Joinpoint regression to estimate temporal trends. Among 58,732,977 hospitalizations, there were 3840 HFpEF cases, an overall rate of 7 cases per 100,000 pregnancy-related hospitalizations; 56% occurred postpartum, 27% during delivery, and 17% antepartum. The temporal trend for hospitalization increased throughout the timeframe by 19.4% (95% CI 13.9–25.1). HFpEF hospitalizations were more common for Black, older, or poor women. Risk factors included hypertension (chronic hypertension and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy), anemia, obesity, diabetes, renal disease and coronary atherosclerosis; all known risk factors for HFpEF. Women with HFpEF were 2.61–6.47 times more likely to experience adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions: The pregnancy-related HFpEF hospitalization prevalence has increased and is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Risk factors resemble those outside pregnancy, emphasizing the need for screening and monitoring women with risk factors during pregnancy for HFpEF.
Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening in a northern community clinic vs. a tertiary centre clinic; Background: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators among women who attended two postpartum screening and education clinics: one in a tertiary care centre and one in a northern, rural community. Risk differences between women of different ethnic origins were also examined. Methods: We compared data from an urban, tertiary level clinic (N=675) with that from a northern rural clinic (N=65). Patients who developed hypertensive disorder of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth or placental abruption attended at six months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate CVD risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. Results: 55% of the rural cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the urban cohort were Caucasian (P < 0.001). There was no difference in rates of pre-existing diabetes or hypertension. There were significantly higher rates of smoking and alcohol consumption in the rural cohort (P < 0.001). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were more prevalent in the urban cohort (P=0.002), while more gestational diabetes occurred in the rural setting (P=0.010). The rural population had higher lifetime (P=0.008) and 30-year CVD Risk scores (P=0.005). The Indigenous population had higher lifetime (P=0.001) and 30-year CVD Risk scores (P=0.008) than the Caucasian and Asian populations. Conclusions: The increased CVD risk in both rural and Indigenous patients supports the need for implementation of better postpartum care, long term follow-up and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations.
Effectiveness of a risk reduction program for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (i.e., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) significantly increase a woman’s risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). CardioPrevent is a standardized primary prevention intervention delivered by trained coaches designed to reduce CVD risk. This evaluation estimated the effect of CardioPrevent PostPartum (CPPP) on health outcomes in high-risk postpartum women. Methods: Patients with recent history (≤5 years) of a HDP and/or GDM were referred by physician to CPPP. They received 14 hours of health counselling over 1 year. Outcomes were measured at baseline, 6, and 12 months. The primary outcomes were change in mean lifetime risk score for CVD (%) at 6- and 12-months. Participant characteristics were summarized using descriptive statistics. Outcomes were analyzed using repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA). Results: At the time of evaluation (June 2020), of the 228 participants enrolled in CPPP, 104 and 75 had complete six-month and 12-month data, respectively. Significant decreases in lifetime CVD risk scores were observed between baseline and 6-months (33.2% vs. 25.9%; p<0.001) and baseline and 12-months (33.5% vs. 24.0%; p<0.001). Between baseline and 12-months, significant improvements (p<0.05) were observed for: total cholesterol (5.09 vs. 4.55); LDL (2.94 vs. 2.59); total cholesterol-to-HDL ratio (3.63 vs. 3.30); triglycerides (1.36 vs. 1.16); HADS anxiety score (6.52 vs. 4.19); HADS depression score (5.72 vs. 3.53); perceived stress scale score (16.3 vs. 12.2); and, waist circumference in cm (96.1 vs. 92.5). Conclusions: Important improvements in CVD risk were observed during participation in CPPP among this high-risk population.
523 Severe maternal morbidity in pregnancies complicated by isolated congenital heart disease; Objective: Pregnancies with fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) are at increased risk of complications, but it is unknown whether this translates to higher risk of severe maternal morbidity (SMM). We aim to quantify risk of SMM in pregnancies complicated by fetal CHD. Study Design: Population-based retrospective cohort study utilizing linked Ohio birth certificate and birth defect data for all live births from 2011-2015. Primary outcome was composite SMM defined as maternal intensive care unit admission during delivery hospitalization, uterine rupture, unplanned hysterectomy or operative procedure, or blood transfusion. Secondary outcome was maternal hospital transfer. Exposure group was pregnancies complicated by fetal isolated CHD compared to no fetal anomalies (ref) and an alternative comparison group of isolated cleft lip/palate (CLP) to estimate whether risk was unique to CHD or shared with other common birth defects. Generalized linear models estimated relative risk adjusting for maternal diabetes (DM) and hypertension (HTN). Results: Among 698,031 live births, 6,077 (0.87%) had CHD and 983 (0.14%) had CLP. The rate of SMM in pregnancies with fetal CHD was significantly higher than pregnancies with no anomalies (3.76% vs 1.95%, p<.001) or CLP (3.76% vs 1.83%, p=0.002). When compared to pregnancies with no fetal anomalies, maternal transfer occurred more often with CHD (3.13% vs.77%, p<.001) and CLP (1.42% vs.77%, p=.02). Fetal CHD had an increased adjusted risk of SMM compared to CLP (adjRR=2.00, 95% 1.25-3.21). Compared to no fetal anomalies, fetal CHD had an 82% increase in SMM risk after adjustment (adjRR 1.82, 95% 1.60-2.07). Risk of maternal transfer in fetal CHD was increased compared to no fetal anomalies (adjRR=3.83, 95% 3.33-4.42) and CLP (adjRR=2.33, 95% 1.33-4.06). Conclusion: Pregnancies with isolated fetal CHD have a higher risk of SMM and maternal hospital transfer independent of maternal DM and HTN. The risk of SMM is unique to CHD pregnancies and not shared by those with CLP. This data may guide appropriate delivery planning and level of care designation for mothers with fetal CHD. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
424 High short-term variability of fetal heart-rate reflects maternal-fetal metabolic syndrome; Objective: The cause of antepartum fetal heart rate (FHR) short-term variability (STV) interfetal differences and their interaction with the biological environment are poorly understood. We suggest that: i) norepinephrine increases baseline STV (inducing the high frequency component while the low frequency component is due to parasympathetic co-activation, see figure), and ii) transient epinephrine release induces transient FHR accelerations. The norepinephrine/epinephrine ratio is known to increase after childbirth in adults with uncomplicated obesity. To test our hypothesis, we studied the relationship between higher antepartum STV values and several maternal-fetal metabolic syndrome criteria. Study Design: Our study included 477 unselected single pregnancies (initial weight 62±12 kg) involved in an enhanced prenatal care program (7 FHR tracings per pregnancy; high-risk cases included). STV was calculated by SisPorto version 3.6. As we suspected that some low STV tracings could introduce bias, we focused on the highest STV level of one antepartum tracing, rather than the highest level of the average of all tracings. The case group was defined by the greatest STV ≥ 97th percentile, as well as a low FHR acceleration score. The remaining cases were assigned to the control group. Results: A univariate descriptive analysis was used to compare the case group (12 pregnancies) with the control group data. We observed the following significant higher values in the case group: initial maternal weight (> 100 kg 25% vs. 1%, > 80 kg 17% vs. 7%, p<0.001), gestational diabetes mellitus (42% vs. 7%, p<0.002), incidence of glycemia > 90th percentile at one-hour post second trimester load (36% vs. 9%, p<0.02), and, lastly, infant birth weight (3,717g ± 591 vs. 3,385g ± 470, p<0.03). Conclusion: We confirm the relationship between high antepartum STV and maternal-fetal metabolic syndrome. It supports our hypothesis concerning the respective effects of norepinephrine and epinephrine on FHR. Improved antepartum FHR analysis could help to detect maternal-fetal metabolic syndromes, insulin resistance, and delayed lung maturity. [Formula presented]
1004 Male mouse offspring of diabetic mothers have worsening heart function with age; Objective: The objective of this study is to characterize the post-natal heart function in offspring of diabetic mothers stratified by sex and age. We hypothesize that maternal diabetes will lead to abnormal heart function in her progeny postnatally and will differ in respect to sex and aging. Study Design: 8-week old CD1 female mice were given with a one-time dose of 150 mg/kg of Streptozotocin or normal saline, respectively. Hyperglycemic and control females were mated with normal CD1 males. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to track survival of offspring in both cohorts. Transthoracic left ventricular (LV) echocardiograms were performed on the (n=7) offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) and (n=15) offspring of control mothers (OCM) mothers at 4, 8, and 24-28 weeks. High frequency oscillation echocardiograms were performed by a single blinded examiner. Non-parametric data was analyzed through Mann-Whitney tests, Kruskal-Wallis tests, and two-way ANOVA with post-Hoc Tukey test where appropriate. P-values < 0.05 were considered significant. All graphs and analysis performed via GraphPad Prism 8 software. All experiments were approved and performed in accordance with the Institute of Animal Care and Use Committee at Vanderbilt University Medical Center (Protocol #: M1700155-00). Results: ODM have a lower post-natal survival rate than relative controls (77% vs 95%, p < 0.0001). Compared with OCM at 24-28 weeks, male ODM have a lower cardiac output (31.26 +/- 4.45 ml/min vs 21.65 +/- 4.74 ml/min, p<0.001), smaller internal ventricle diameter (1.8 +/- 0.33 mm vs. 1.3 +/- 0.14, p<0.001) and thicker posterior wall (1.77+/-0.19 mm vs. 1.98 +/- 0.11, p<0.001). Conclusion: Male offspring of diabetic mothers demonstrated significant changes in cardiac function and heart size from the male offspring of control mothers at 24-28 weeks old. Female offspring of diabetic mother did not have a significant difference in similar cardiac indices from female offspring of control mothers at 24-28 weeks. Male ODM have an increased vulnerability to abnormal cardiac function parameters that persist overtime than female ODM. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
70 Universal fetal echocardiography for pre-gestational diabetes: a cost-effectiveness analysis; Objective: Pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD), which increases with rising hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c). Currently, all pregnant patients with DM are recommended to have a fetal echocardiogram (echo) to evaluate for CHD. Our study sought to evaluate whether there is a HbA1c level below which patients with DM should only have a fetal echo after an abnormal detailed anatomy ultrasound. Study Design: We developed a cost-effectiveness model comparing outcomes for pregnant patients with DM with varying HbA1c levels. Probabilities and costs were derived from the literature. We used individual models to evaluate different scenarios: first trimester HbA1c < 6.5%, HbA1c 6.5-9.0%, and HbA1c > 9.0%. Primary outcomes included intrauterine fetal demise, neonatal demise, false positive, and false negative results. A cost-effectiveness threshold was set at $100,000 per quality adjusted life year (QALY). Results: Universal echo is not cost-effective except for when first trimester HbA1c is > 9.0% (incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) of $357,367, $205,763, and $34,591 for HbA1c < 6.5%, 6.5-9.0%, and > 9.0%, respectively). The model is sensitive to changes in the probability of CHD at a given HbA1c level, as well as the cost of a neonatal transfer to a higher level of care. In Monte Carlo simulation, the probability that universal echo is cost-effective is 32.1%, 49.7%, and 64.5% for each of the three models respectively. Conclusion: For pregnant patients with a first trimester HbA1c < 6.5%, universal fetal echo is not cost-effective, whereas for those with a first trimester HbA1c > 9.0%, universal fetal echo is indicated. For pregnant patients with a HbA1c between 6.5 and 9.0%, universal fetal echo is cost-effective in about 50% of cases, therefore clinical judgement based on individual patient factors, willingness to pay to detect CHD, and resource availability is needed. This model may help provide guidance regarding appropriate test utilization in pregnant patients with DM. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
102 The efficacy of a pilot program for obstructive sleep apnea screening in pregnancy; Objective: Pregnant patients with Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) are at higher risk for eclampsia, gestational diabetes, cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure and higher in-hospital mortality than pregnant patients without OSA. Unfortunately, OSA in pregnancy is under-diagnosed and opportunities for interventions are missed. A screening pilot program was developed at an obstetrics clinic in an urban teaching facility to improve diagnosis of OSA among pregnant patients. Study Design: Every new obstetric patient was screened by a nurse for snoring/apneas, body mass index (BMI) > 35, essential hypertension, glucose disorders, neck size > 36 cm, and sleepiness. If a patient scored 2/6 or greater, a home sleep apnea test (HSAT) was ordered to diagnose OSA after discussion of risks and benefits with an obstetrician. Results: In the 6 months prior to implementation of the screening program, zero patients were referred to the sleep medicine clinic. After the initiation of the screening program, 571 women were screened and 124 met criteria to be at high risk for OSA. The rate of tests ordered for patients who screened positive was 35%. Of the tests that were ordered 57% of patients performed the test. Out of the 26 patients who performed portable sleep testing, 16 were diagnosed with OSA with an apnea-hypopnea index (AHI) ≥ 5, which is 61% of those tested. Only 4 patients followed up in the sleep clinic after diagnosis, and only 3 patients met initial compliance with CPAP therapy as measured by percent usage over 30 days greater than 4 hours. Conclusion: A significant increase in screening for obstructive sleep apnea was achieved with implementation of screening protocol. High rate of diagnosis of OSA via HSAT does point to adequacy of six-question screening protocol. There were several patients who screened positive; however, few underwent testing for OSA, and even fewer still started CPAP and were compliant with therapy. This quality initiative program increased detection rates, however there is room for improvement in educating and maintaining patient compliance with therapy.
Catheter-Guided Dissolution of a Giant Thrombus in the Left Ventricle in a Newborn; A newborn with pulmonary hypertension due to the premature fetal arterial duct occlusion was diagnosed with a giant left ventricle thrombus. Cardiopulmonary compromise required multidrug therapy with vasopressors infusions, high-frequency oscillation, and nitric oxide. Alteplase infusion through a guiding catheter into the left atrium dissoluted the clot without sequelae. (Level of Difficulty: Advanced.)
Adaptation of the cardiovascular system of infants born by mothers with diabetes mellitus; It is known, that diabetes mellitus has a significant impact on the growth and development of the fetus. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy increases significantly the incidence of congenital malformations, perinatal morbidity and neonatal mortality. Over the past decades has been a steady increase in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus both in the general population and among pregnant women. In this regard, the study of the influence of diabetes mellitus in the mother on the condition of the fetus and newborn is today a relevant problem of obstetric-gynecological, neonatological and pediatric services. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy has the greatest effect on the fetal cardiovascular system. Diabetes mellitus of the mother causes an increase in the frequency of congenital heart defects in the newborn, myocardial hypertrophy, as well as various functional disorders of the cardiovascular system. This review mainly discusses the pathogenetic aspects and molecular mechanisms of the effect of hyperglycemia on the development of the fetal heart, provides an assessment of clinical, echocardiographic and some laboratory changes in the functioning of the cardiovascular system in newborns from mothers with diabetes mellitus, and also systematizes data on the relationship between maternal diabetes and the risks of cardiovascular disease in their children in the long term.
Operative vaginal delivery: All you should know; Over the last three decades, the decrease in operative vaginal delivery (OVD) has lead to an increase in the rate of cesarean sections, giving rise to intense debate amongst healthcare providers. As the use of vacuum and forceps requires personnel be adequately trained so as to become familiar with the correct use of instruments, the lack of skilled and experienced instructors may well lead to this technique being discarded in the near future. The aim of this study was to review the literature, compare the recommendations from international OVD guidelines and to illustrate the correct technique of obstetrical vacuum and forceps application to promote OVD among clinicians as a safe way of delivery.
Intraamniotic infection rates after intrauterine pressure catheter with and without amnioinfusion; Objective This study aimed to examine the rates of intraamniotic infection between intrauterine pressure catheter with amnioinfusion and intrauterine pressure catheter alone. Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study of all women who had an intrauterine pressure catheter placement during labor at a tertiary referral hospital from January 2016 to June 2018. Outcomes were compared between women who had an intrauterine pressure catheter with amnioinfusion and intrauterine pressure catheter placement alone. The primary outcome was the rate of intraamniotic infection. Secondary outcomes included postpartum endometritis, postpartum hemorrhage (blood loss of ≥1,000 mL), quantitative blood loss (mL), and cesarean delivery. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI), controlling for age, race, body mass index, gestational age, and length of time of rupture of membranes. Results Of 1,268 women with an intrauterine pressure catheter, 298 (23.5%) also had an amnioinfusion. Women who had amnioinfusion through an intrauterine pressure catheter compared with those who had intrauterine pressure catheter alone had similar rates of intraamniotic infection (5.4 vs. 8.0%, crude p = 0.12, aOR 0.69; 95% CI 0.39-1.21), as well as secondary outcomes such as postpartum endometritis (3.0 vs. 2.5%, crude p = 0.61, aOR 1.12; 95% CI 0.49-2.53), postpartum hemorrhage (16.1 vs. 15.8%, crude p = 0.89, aOR 1.07; 95% CI 0.75-1.54), blood loss (479.5 vs. 500 mL, adjusted p = 0.89), and cesarean delivery (40.6 vs. 43.1%, crude p = 0.45, aOR 0.90; 95% CI 0.68-1.19). Conclusion Amnioinfusion was not associated with increased odds of intraamniotic infection compared with intrauterine pressure catheter placement alone. Key Points Amnioinfusion involves instilling fluid into the amniotic cavity to relieve variable decelerations. Amnioinfusion is not associated with increased odds of chorioamnionitis compared to IUPC alone. Amnioinfusion is not associated with increased odds of PPH compared to IUPC placement alone.
Influence of birth weight on fetal cardiac indices at 35-37 weeks' gestation; OBJECTIVE: Echocardiographic studies have reported that fetuses with low birth weight, compared to those with normal birth weight, have globular hearts and reduced cardiac function. Dichotomizing continuous variables, such as birth weight, may be helpful in describing pathology in small studies but can prevent us from identifying physiological responses in relation to change in size. The aim of this study was to explore associations between fetal cardiac morphology and function and birth weight, as a continuous variable, as well as uterine artery (UtA) pulsatility index (PI), as an indirect measure of placental perfusion, and the cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), as an indirect measure of fetal oxygenation. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 1498 women with singleton pregnancy undergoing routine ultrasound examination at 35 + 0 to 36 + 6 weeks' gestation. Pregnancies complicated by pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia were excluded from the analysis. Conventional and more advanced echocardiographic modalities, such as speckle tracking, were used to assess fetal cardiac function in the right and left ventricles. The morphology of the fetal heart was assessed by calculating the right and left sphericity indices. In addition, the PI of the UtA, umbilical artery (UA) and fetal middle cerebral artery (MCA) was determined and the CPR was calculated by dividing MCA-PI by UA-PI. Multiple linear regression models were used to assess determinants of fetal echocardiographic parameters. RESULTS: The study population included 146 (9.7%) small-for-gestational-age (SGA) fetuses with birth weight < 10th percentile and 68 (4.5%) with fetal growth restriction (FGR). In the SGA and FGR groups, compared to the non-SGA and non-FGR fetuses, respectively, there was a more globular right ventricle and reduced left and right ventricular systolic function, and, from the left ventricular diastolic functional indices, the E/A ratio was increased. There was a linear association of right ventricular sphericity index, indices of left and right ventricular systolic function and E/A ratio with birth-weight Z-score. There were no significant associations between cardiac morphological and functional indices and UtA-PI Z-score or CPR Z-score. CONCLUSIONS: This screening study at 35-37 weeks' gestation has demonstrated that birth weight is a determinant of fetal cardiac morphology and function but UtA-PI and CPR, as indirect measures of placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation, are not. This suggests that the differences in fetal cardiac indices between small and appropriately grown fetuses may be part of a normal physiological response to change in fetal size rather than part of a pathological adaptation to abnormal placental perfusion and fetal oxygenation. © 2020 International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Clinical Outcomes in High-Risk Pregnancies Due to Advanced Maternal Age; Although the influence of advanced maternal age (AMA) and delayed childbearing on adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes has been studied extensively, no universal consensus on the definition of AMA exists. This terminology currently refers to the later years of a woman's reproductive life span and generally applies to women age ≥35 years. AMA increases the risk of pregnancy complications, including ectopic pregnancy, spontaneous abortion, fetal chromosomal abnormalities, congenital anomalies, placenta previa and abruption, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery. Such complications could be the cause of preterm birth and increase the risk of perinatal mortality. For women who have a chronic illness, pregnancy may lead to additional risk that demands increased monitoring or surveillance. The management of pregnant women of AMA requires understanding the relationship between age and preexisting comorbidities. The outcomes from pregnancy in AMA may have a negative impact on women's health as they age because of both the changes from the pregnancy itself and the increased risk of pregnancy-related complications. Postpartum depression affects women of AMA at higher rates. Links between preeclampsia and the risk of future development of cardiovascular disease require follow-up surveillance. The association between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and cognitive and brain functions needs further investigation of sex-specific risk factors across the life span. Educating providers and women of AMA is crucial to facilitate clinical decision making and such education should consider cultural influences, risk perception, and women's health literacy, as well as providers' biases and system issues.
The Intersection of Disability and Pregnancy: Risks for Maternal Morbidity and Mortality; It is estimated that 1 in 4 women in the United States live with a disability, and using population-based estimates, 10-12% of women of childbearing age have a disability. There are limited data to suggest that women with disabilities experience higher rates of or risks for adverse outcomes related to pregnancy, delivery, and access to appropriate postpartum care. Research on specific disabling conditions demonstrates variable risk for syndromes that threaten the health of the mother, such as preeclampsia, infection, and coagulation disorders. Much of the literature suggests that normal, healthy pregnancy is possible but points to the need for tailored information for patients and providers about the intersection of their condition with pregnancy and specific care needs. Given the lack of systematic evidence in this area across conditions and functional impairments, more research is needed to clarify the interaction of specific disabilities with pregnancy and provide evidence-based information to the field to decrease the risks to mothers and their infants. This article will provide an overview of conditions that contribute to maternal morbidity and mortality as they relate to pregnancy in women with disabilities and provide resources to the field to further the investigation of this area.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing and Pregnancy-Related Cardiovascular Disease; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) is a serious medical condition characterized by intermittent episodes of airflow limitation, intermittent hypoxia, and sleep disturbance triggering a pattern of autonomic dysfunction associated with hypertension, diabetes, and other adverse health conditions. SDB incidence is two to three times higher during pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of cardiometabolic complications, including pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Treatments to protect breathing during sleep are available, pointing to SDB as a potential therapeutic target to reduce maternal cardiometabolic morbidity. However, in clinical practice, the majority of SDB cases in pregnancy are undiagnosed, indicating a need to improve screening for SDB risk factors and referral for diagnostic testing. Furthermore, definitive clinical trials are needed to determine the extent to which SDB intervention reduces the risk of adverse cardiovascular and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy. This review article discusses an accumulation of research pointing to SDB as a prevalent risk factor for gestational cardiometabolic disease, as well as a potential therapeutic target to reduce cardiometabolic morbidity.
Metformin: A Novel Weapon Against Inflammation; It has become widely accepted that inflammation is a driving force behind a variety of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, kidney disease, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, etc. However, the existing nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs show a limited utility in clinical patients. Therefore, the novel agents with different inflammation-inhibitory mechanisms are worth pursuing. Metformin, a synthetic derivative of guanidine, has a history of more than 50 years of clinical experience in treating patients with type 2 diabetes. Intense research efforts have been dedicated to proving metformin’s inflammation-inhibitory effects in cells, animal models, patient records, and randomized clinical trials. The emerging evidence also indicates its therapeutic potential in clinical domains other than type 2 diabetes. Herein, this article appraises current pre-clinical and clinical findings, emphasizing metformin’s anti-inflammatory properties under individual pathophysiological scenarios. In summary, the anti-inflammatory effects of metformin are evident in pre-clinical models. By comparison, there are still clinical perplexities to be addressed in repurposing metformin to inflammation-driven chronic diseases. Future randomized controlled trials, incorporating better stratification/targeting, would establish metformin’s utility in this clinical setting.
Association Between Recommended Preconception Health Behaviors and Screenings and Improvements in Cardiometabolic Outcomes of Pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with increased risk of maternal and infant illness and long-term elevated cardiometabolic risk. Little information exists on the prevention of either disorder before pregnancy. Our goal was to describe the association between preconception indicators and risk of gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. METHODS: We used logistic regression to analyze cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System (N = 68,493) to quantify the association between 14 preconception health indicators (across domains of health care, nutrition and physical activity, tobacco and alcohol, chronic conditions, mental health, and emotional and social support) and, separately, GDM and HDP. We accounted for sampling weights and controlled for maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy insurance, prepregnancy body mass index, and report of a check-up in the year before pregnancy. RESULTS: Prepregnancy obesity was the strongest predictor of both HDP (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 3.1; 95% CI, 2.8-3.5) and GDM (aOR, 3.1; 95% CI, 2.7-3.5). Individual behaviors (eg, exercise, attending a check-up) were not associated with either HDP or GDM. A diagnosis of diabetes before pregnancy predicted HDP (aOR, 2.3; 95% CI, 1.7-3.0). CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy chronic disease and obesity predicted pregnancy complications (ie, GDM and HDP). Given the challenges in reversing these conditions in the year before pregnancy, efforts to improve preconception health may be best directed broadly to expand access to primary care for all women.
Risk of morbidity and mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitor and/or dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor: A nationwide study; Introduction Mortality and disability in diabetes mellitus are determined mostly by cardiovascular complications and cancer. The impact of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor (DPP-4i) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitor (SGLT2i) monotherapy or combination on long-term complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus was studied. Research design and methods Patients with type 2 diabetes treated with DPP-4i or SGLT2i during a 3-year period were identified in the database of the National Institute of Health Insurance Fund in Hungary. All-cause mortality, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, hospitalization for heart failure (HHF), lower limb amputation (LLA) and cancer were assessed. Outcomes of add-on SGLT2i to DPP-4i treatment in comparison with switching DPP-4i therapy to SGLT2i were also evaluated. After propensity score matching, survival analysis was performed with a Cox proportional hazards model. Results After propensity score matching, both SGLT2i and DPP-4i groups included 18 583 patients. All-cause mortality (HR, 0.80; 95% CI 0.68 to 0.94; p=0.0057), HHF (HR, 0.81; 95% CI 0.71 to 0.92; p=0.0018), and risk of cancer (HR, 0.75; 95% CI 0.66 to 0.86; p<0.0001) were lower in the SGLT2i population compared with DPP-4i. Risk of LLA was higher in the SGLT2i group (HR, 1.35; 95% CI 1.03 to 1.77; p=0.0315). SGLT2i in combination with DPP-4i results in lower all-cause mortality (HR, 0.46; 95% CI 0.31 to 0.67; p=0.0001), with a lower trend in stroke, LLA, HHF and cancer, but without any statistical difference. Conclusions SGLT2i treatment leads to a lower risk of overall mortality, HHF and cancer when compared with DPP-4i treatment. Adding SGLT2i to DPP-4i instead of switching from DPP-4i to SGLT2i further lowers the risk of all-cause mortality.
An aortopathy dilemma in pregnancy: A rare case report; BACKGROUND: The most dramatic diseases in the aorta are aortic dissection and aneurysm, which both of them are common in pregnant women with Marfan syndrome (MFS). According to recommendations in existing guidelines, pregnancy is not recommended in patients with severe dilation of the aorta and patients with MFS with aortic dilation > 45 mm should have prophylactic aortic repair before pregnancy. CASE REPORT: In this rare and unique report, we described a 34-year-old pregnant woman with marfanoid feature who had an approximate aortic root of 60 mm and severe aortic insufficiency. She denied terminating the pregnancy at her first prenatal visit and continued it until 30 weeks of gestation and the pregnancy terminated in the cardiac operating room due to multiple episodes of chest pain. No complication occurred during her close observation before surgery. The aortic repair was performed for her after the cesarean section. CONCLUSION: Pregnancy with severe aortic root dilation is high-risk for all patients; however, if it occurs, when the mother denies an abortion, inform the patient about its risk and continue the pregnancy with close observation and tight blood pressure (BP) control until the fetus becomes viable.
Identification of a novel association for the WWOX/HIF1A axis with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Background. Although the WW-domain-containing oxidoreductase (WWOX)/Hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF1) pathway is a well-known regulator of cellular glucose and energy metabolism in pathophysiological processes, its role in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), remains elusive. We undertook this study to determine the effect of WWOX/HIF1A signaling on the expression of glucose metabolism genes in GDM patients. Methods. Leukocytes were obtained from 135 pregnant women with (n = 98) or without (n = 37) GDM and, in turn, 3 months (n = 8) and 1 year (n = 12) postpartum. Quantitative RT-PCR was performed to determine gene expression profiles of the WWOX/HIF1A-related genes, including those involved in glucose transport (SLC2A1, SLC2A4), glycolytic pathway (HK2, PKM2, PFK, LDHA), Wnt pathway (DVL2, CTNNB1), and inflammatory response (NFKB1). Results. GDM patients displayed a significant downregulation of WWOX with simultaneous upregulation of HIF1A which resulted in approximately six times reduction in WWOX/HIF1A ratio. As a consequence, HIF1A induced genes (SLC2A1, HK2, PFK, PKM) were found to be overexpressed in GDM compared to normal pregnancy and negative correlate with WWOX/HIF1A ratio. The postpartum WWOX expression was higher than during GDM, but its level was comparable to that observed in normal pregnancy. Conclusions. The obtained results suggest a significant contribution of the WWOX gene to glucose metabolism in patients with gestational diabetes. Decreased WWOX expression in GDM compared to normal pregnancy, and in particular reduction of WWOX/HIF1A ratio, indicate that WWOX modulates HIF1α activity in normal tissues as described in the tumor. The effect of HIF1α excessive activation is to increase the expression of genes encoding proteins directly involved in the glycolysis which may lead to pathological changes in glucose metabolism observed in gestational diabetes.
Phytosterols: From Preclinical Evidence to Potential Clinical Applications; Phytosterols (PSs) are plant-originated steroids. Over 250 PSs have been isolated, and each plant species contains a characteristic phytosterol composition. A wide number of studies have reported remarkable pharmacological effects of PSs, acting as chemopreventive, anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antidiabetic, and antiatherosclerotic agents. However, PS bioavailability is a key issue, as it can be influenced by several factors (type, source, processing, preparation, delivery method, food matrix, dose, time of administration into the body, and genetic factors), and the existence of a close relationship between their chemical structures (e.g., saturation degree and side-chain length) and low absorption rates has been stated. In this sense, the present review intends to provide in-depth data on PS therapeutic potential for human health, also emphasizing their preclinical effects and bioavailability-related issues.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: Mitochondrial sequencing provides answer for young athlete and her family; Mitochondrial diseases are rare, often go undiagnosed and can lead to devastating cascades of multisystem organ dysfunction. This report of a young woman with hearing loss and gestational diabetes illustrates a novel presentation of a cardiomyopathy caused by a previously described mutation in a mitochondrial gene, MT-TL1. She initially had biventricular heart dysfunction and ventricular arrhythmia that ultimately recovered with beta blockade and time. She continues to participate in sport without decline. It is important to keep mitochondrial diseases in the differential diagnosis and understand the testing and management strategies in order to provide the best patient care.
Two cases of carbonic anhydrase va deficiency—an ultrarare metabolic decompensation syndrome presenting with hyperammonemia, lactic acidosis, ketonuria, and good clinical outcome; The combination of neonatal hyperammonemia, lactic acidosis, ketonuria, and hypoglycemia is pathognomonic for carbonic anhydrase VA (CA-VA) deficiency. We present two cases of this rare inborn error of metabolism. Both newborns with South Asian ancestry presented with a metabolic decompensation characterized by hyperammonemia, lactic acidosis and ketonuria; one also had hypoglycemia. Standard metabolic investigations (plasma amino acids, acylcarnitine profile, and urine organic acids) were not indicative of a specific organic aciduria or fatty acid oxidation defect but had some overlapping features with a urea cycle disorder (elevated glutamine, orotic acid, and low argi-nine). Hyperammonemia was treated initially with nitrogen scavenger therapy and carglumic acid. One patient required hemodialysis. Both have had a favorable long-term prognosis after their initial metabolic decompensation. Genetic testing confirmed the diagnosis of carbonic anhydrase VA (CA-VA) deficiency due to biallelic pathogenic variants in CA5A. These cases are in line with 15 cases previously described in the literature, making the phenotypic presentation pathognomonic for this ultrarare (potentially underdiagnosed) inborn error of metabolism with a good prognosis.
Which healthy lifestyle habits mitigate the risk of obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in Caucasian children exposed to in utero adverse gestational factors?; Background and aims: This study explored if lifestyle habits [physical activity (PA), sleep duration, intake of fruits and vegetables, grains, and dairy products] can moderate the positive associations between prenatal exposure to suboptimal gestational factors (SGF: i.e. gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, maternal smoking during pregnancy) and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Methods and results: Data from the “Quebec Adiposity and Lifestyle Investigation in Youth” (QUALITY) study collected between 2005 - 2008 in Montreal and Quebec City, were used. Analyses included a sample of 619 children aged 8–10 years. Children's PA and sleep duration were obtained using an accelerometer and daily servings of food were assessed using three 24 h diet recalls. Moderation analyses were performed to investigate if each lifestyle habit, in all children, and in boys and girls, could reduce the positive associations between SGF, and obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors. High LPA duration was protective against low levels of HDL cholesterol in boys who were exposed to more than one SGF (p = 0.005). Sleep duration did not have a protective effect respectively against high waist circumference and obesity in children and girls who were prenatally exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy. Diet and MVPA did not moderate the positive associations between SGF, obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors in children. Conclusion: Among the three lifestyle habits, only LPA had a protective effect against low levels of HDL-cholesterol in boys. More studies are needed to confirm these results to inform future lifestyle intervention in this population.
Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors: a population-based study on 14.5 million births; Purpose: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery and long-term survival. The study objective was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine the maternal and fetal outcomes of this population. Materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health–Care Cost and Utilization Project–Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We measured the prevalence of leukemia survivors in pregnancy and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for maternal and fetal outcomes among this group compared to a nonaffected one. Results: Our cohort consisted of 14,513,587 births, of which 1,269 were to women with a history of leukemia or leukemia in remission, corresponding to a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period. Pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to experience gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08–1.70), threatened preterm labor (1.50, 1.09–2.08), venous thromboembolism (4.40, 2.86–6.78), and to require blood transfusions (1.89, 1.24–2.88). Preterm deliveries (1.25, 1.02–1.54) and congenital anomalies (2.32, 1.39–3.86) among their newborns were also more common. Conclusion: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been steadily rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, leukemia survivors appeared to have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care.
Intrapartum prediction of emergency delivery due to non-reassuring fetal status at 40 weeks’ gestation in low-risk pregnancies: contribution of Doppler parameters, maternal history, and intrapartum clinical characteristics; Objective: To assess the added value of Doppler parameters, maternal history, and intrapartum clinical characteristics for the prediction of emergency delivery due to non-reassuring fetal status in low-risk pregnancies. Methods: This was a prospective cohort of low-risk pregnancies undergoing ultrasound assessment at 40 weeks’ gestation within 7 days of delivery. The main outcome was emergency cesarean section due to non-reassuring fetal status. The association between Doppler parameters, intrapartum clinical characteristics, and maternal history was performed by logistic regression. The predictive performance of the constructed models was assessed by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis and the area under the curve (AUC). Results: From 403 included pregnancies, 18.6% (n = 75) underwent an emergency delivery due to non-reassuring fetal status. The mean gestational age at birth was 40.5 (SD 5) days. Middle cerebral artery pulsatility index (MCA) and cerebroplacental ratio (CPR) were lower in the emergency cesarean section group (1.16 versus 1.30; p <.001, and 1.61 versus 1.78; p =.001, respectively). There was a higher incidence of small-for-gestational-age neonates (20 versus 10.1%; p =.017), lower Apgar scores at the 5th minute (9.7 versus 9.9; p =.006), and NICU admissions (9 versus 3%; p =.016) in the emergency cesarean section group. The base model comprised nulliparity, and the finding of meconium-stained amniotic fluid during labor, achieving an AUC of 66%, while the addition of the MCA Z-score significantly improved the previous model (AUC: 73%; DeLong: p =.008). Conclusions: In low-risk pregnant woman at term, the addition of MCA Z-score to a previous model comprising maternal history and intrapartum clinical findings, significantly improves the prediction of emergency delivery due to non-reassuring fetal status.
Fetal transient tricuspid valve regurgitation: sonographic features and clinical evolution; Purpose: To analyze the prevalence, the sonographic features, the clinical evolution and significance of fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation (TR). Study design: This is a prospective study. Serial ultrasound examinations were performed at 20–23, at 26–29 and at 30–34 gestational weeks in 675 consecutive singleton pregnancies with fetal normal growth and normal cardiac anatomy. The fetal tricuspid valve regurgitation was classified according to its duration, to the peak of jet maximum velocity and to its maximum spatial extension. A clinical examination and echocardiography were performed in neonates after birth. Results: During the first examination (20–23 weeks), 32 cases of tricuspid valve regurgitation were identified. The prevalence of tricuspid regurgitation was 4.74%. The large majority of TR cases were not-holosystolic (87.5%), with a maximum velocity below 2 m/sec (80–130 cm/sec in 84% cases and 180–200 cm/sec in 16% cases) and with a little spatial extension (type I or II in 87.5% cases). Following this hemodynamic phenomenon during the following weeks, we found that it disappeared around 29 weeks in all cases. Conclusions: Tricuspid regurgitation observed during the second trimester can be considered a transient and functional hemodynamic phenomenon, without apparent pathological significance.
Long-term risk for maternal cardiovascular morbidities in twin pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus–a retrospective cohort study†; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) results in an increased risk for maternal and neonatal complications in singletons. In twin pregnancies, however, scarce data exist regarding its implications. Objective: To investigate whether a diagnosis of GDM in twin gestation poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Study design: A population-based cohort study was conducted, comparing the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity within a group of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered twins in a tertiary medical center, between the years 1991 and 2014. Mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus, triplet or higher-order multiples, patients lacking prenatal care, patients with known cardiovascular morbidities prior to or during the current pregnancy and fetal malformations or/and chromosomal abnormalities were excluded. Kaplan–Meier’s survival curve was used to estimate the cumulative incidence of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations, and a Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted HRs for cardiovascular morbidity. Results: Of 4256 twin deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 336 (7.9%) occurred in patients that were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, with a median of 3431 (0–9172) days in total, patients with GDM had higher rates of simple cardiovascular events as compared to women without diagnosis of GDM (incidence = 7, 2.1%. OR = 2.7, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.17–6.12, p =.03). Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the groups. There was no difference between the two groups in the rate of complex cardiovascular events, noninvasive or invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures. In a Cox proportional hazards model, which is adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, hypertensive disorders, and fertility treatments, GDM in twin pregnancies was not found to be associated with long-term cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR 1.41, 95% CI 0.77–2.58, p =.26). Conclusions: While GDM during twin pregnancy might be associated with long-term maternal simple cardiovascular events, the complex, as well as the total morbidities, are comparable to patients without GDM.
Maternal vascular malperfusion in spontaneous preterm birth placentas related to clinical outcome of subsequent pregnancy; Introduction: Spontaneous preterm birth (SPTB) has several causes and its pathophysiology remains unclear. In a significant proportion of SPTB, placental histology shows signs of maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM); commonly associated with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HD), fetal growth restriction (FGR) and placental abruption, together referred to as clinical ischemic placental diseases (IPD). We hypothesized that women with SPTB and placental MVM are at elevated risk for IPD in a subsequent pregnancy. Methods: We included women with SPTB in our cohort and followed the subsequent ongoing pregnancy (n = 110). Histological placental characteristics in the index were reported according to new international guidelines, and related to the clinical outcome of the subsequent pregnancy. Results: In the SPTB placentas, we observed MVM in 61.8% (n = 68). In the subsequent pregnancies in 19.1% (n = 21) at least one clinical sign of IPD was present (HD (12.7%), FGR (5.5%) or placental abruption (0.9%)). There was no significant difference in the prevalence of clinical IPD or recurrence of SPTB in the subsequent pregnancy between women with and without placental MVM in the index pregnancy, although our study was not powered to detect small differences. Discussion: Women with a history of SPTB have an elevated risk of IPD in the subsequent pregnancy. MVM is present in a large proportion of SPTB placentas. The presence of placental MVM in the index pregnancy does not predict clinical IPD or recurrent SPTB in a subsequent pregnancy.
Use of the modified myocardial performance index for evaluating fetal cardiac functions in pregestational diabetic pregnancy babies; The aim of this study is assessment of importance of use of the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) for the evaluation of foetal cardiac function in foetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (PDM). In this study, data of 30 pregnant patients aged 18–45 years diagnosed with PDM and 30 pregnant women aged 18–45 years with normal pregnancy and their babies were evaluated. Foetal echocardiographic and doppler measurements, foetal biometric measurements, umbilical artery and ductus venosus pulsatility indexes were measured in both PDM and control groups. The Mod-MPI was significantly higher in foetuses of PDM women. Many influences especially cardiac and postpartum complications are observed in infants of PDM women. The Mod-MPI is a simple and useful method for assessing foetal ventricular function. Our study has shown that PDM is associated with foetal ventricular dysfunction.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Although MPI is frequently used in routine clinical assessment of neonates, it is not used adequately in foetuses. Many influences especially cardiac and postpartum complications are observed in infants of PDM women. However, there are few studies focussed specifically on the assessment of foetal cardiac function in PDM. What do the results of this study add? MPI, which shows both diastolic and systolic functions is independent of ventricular anatomy and foetal heart rate, was found significantly higher in diabetic mother foetuses, can be said to be a valuable parameter in evaluating foetal cardiac functions globally. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Our study has shown that foetuses PDM are associated with foetal ventricular dysfunction. For this MPI measurement can be routinely performed at foetal cardiac measurements in foetuses of PDM mothers.
Cardiac Doppler in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link to markers of intra-uterine hypoxia and adverse outcome; The aim of the study was to investigate foetal cardiac function using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and its link with intrauterine markers for hypoxia and to an adverse outcome. In a prospective, cross sectional study, 44 consecutive women with severe or poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies in their third trimester on insulin therapy were recruited and matched with 44 women with normal pregnancies which served as the control group. Using Doppler echocardiography the foetal Mod-MPI was calculated. The foetal Mod-MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to the controls indicating significant myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI served as an excellent marker of adverse outcomes. Foetal myocardial function was significantly impaired in poorly controlled gestational diabetics and there was a significant link of Mod-MPI to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome. Mod-MPI has the potential to improve foetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Abnormal foetal cardiac function, as reflected in the modified myocardial performance index, has been reported to be significantly increased in foetuses of poorly controlled diabetics managed on insulin. What do the results of this study add? There is a significant link between abnormal foetal cardiac function to intrauterine markers of hypoxia, as well as to an adverse outcome; and that development of myocardial dysfunction could be one of the main mechanisms, inducing foetal compromise in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? This study explores an interesting concept of foetal pathophysiology in gestational diabetes, namely the concept of “pseudo-hypoxia” in a foetus of a gestational diabetic mother, and this intrauterine “hypoxic stress” in turn leading to myocardial dysfunction. The Mod-MPI, a clinical marker for cardiac dysfunction, can therefore be used in the clinical setting to track a deteriorating metabolic state.
Analgesia nociception index as a tool to predict hypotension after spinal anaesthesia for elective caesarean section; Arterial hypotension is the main disadvantage of spinal anaesthesia (SA) for caesarean delivery with deleterious effects on maternal–foetal outcomes. Recently, a non-invasive device ‘analgesia nociception index’ (ANI) has been developed to evaluate the parasympathetic component of the nervous autonomous system. The aim of this study was to evaluate the ability of ANI to predict the risk of hypotension after SA for elective caesarean section. One hundred patients scheduled for elective caesarean delivery under SA were recruited in this observational prospective study. Hemodynamic and ANI parameters were recorded in supine position (TB), in sitting position (T0), after induction of SA (T1) and then every three minutes (T2, T3, Tn) until the end of surgery or having resort to ephedrine. After SA, women were classified into two groups according to occurrence of hypotension (group H, n = 80) or not (group C, n = 20). The variations of ANI between T2 and T0 were significantly higher in the group H as compared to the control group. A threshold of 4.5 points decrease in instantaneous ANI value could predict maternal hypotension. ANI is a simple and effective tool in predicting the risk of SA-related hypotension.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Arterial hypotension is the main disadvantage of spinal anaesthesia for caesarean delivery with deleterious effects on maternal-foetal outcomes. The balance between the sympathic and parasympathic systems could be used to predict the onset of hypotension following spinal anaesthesia. Analgesia nociception index (ANI) is an index calculated based on heart rate variability HRV analysis, designed originally to evaluate the antinociception/Nociception balance. What do the results of this study add? We have shown that the analysis of HRV with ANI was a predictor of maternal hypotension after spinal anaesthesia. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? ANI is an effective tool in predicting the risk of spinal anaesthesia-related hypotension. These findings are of potential clinical importance in the obstetrical anaesthesia setting. Further studies are required in order to implement this simple tool and optimise prophylactic measures especially vasopressors.
Reaction times, learning, and executive functioning in adults born preterm; Background: This study examines cognitive functioning in adults born across the range of prematurity with appropriate or small for gestational age (SGA) birth weight compared with full-term controls. Methods: ESTER Preterm Birth Study participants without severe disabilities, comprising 133 early preterm (<34 weeks, 17% SGA), 241 late preterm (34 + 0–36 + 6 weeks, 13% SGA), and 348 full-term subjects, performed the Cogstate® test at a mean age of 23.3 (SD = 1.2) years. Subtests measured paired associate learning, psychomotor function, executive function, spatial memory efficiency, visual memory, attention, working memory, visual learning, and emotional cognition. Data were analyzed with linear regression, full models adjusted for prenatal and postnatal factors and socioeconomic position. Results: Early preterm, late preterm, and full-term participants showed similar abilities in almost all subtests. Early preterm participants had 0.6 fewer moves/10 s (95% CI: −1.0; −0.2, full model) and late preterm and SGA participants had 1.3 fewer moves/10 s (95% CI: −2.1; −0.4) than full-term controls in the Groton Maze Learning Test, indicating weaker spatial memory efficiency. Conclusions: Adults born across the range of prematurity on average lack major defects in cognitive abilities. Cognitive problems may persist to adulthood only among those born the smallest: very preterm or preterm and SGA. Impact: Although preterm birth is a risk for the developing brain, adults born preterm as a group showed similar cognitive performance to their full-term peers.Children born preterm across gestational ages show defects in cognitive domains. With a supportive environment, many of them have the potential to catch up with those born at term.The unfavorable effect of late preterm birth on cognitive functions in childhood may not persist to adulthood; in this study, adults born late preterm showed similar cognitive functioning to adults born full-term.The deficits in cognitive function in adults born preterm detected by earlier studies mainly concern those born the smallest, i.e., very preterm or preterm and small for gestational age.
Continuous maternal hemodynamics monitoring at delivery using a novel, noninvasive, wireless,ppg-based sensor; Objective: To evaluate continuous monitoring of maternal hemodynamics during labor and delivery utilizing an innovative, noninvasive, reflective photoplethysmography-based device. Study design: The Biobeat Monitoring Platform includes a wearable wristwatch monitor that auto-matically samples cardiac output (CO), blood pressure (BP), stroke volume (SV), systemic vascular resistance (SVR), heart rate (HR) every 5 s and uploads all data to a smartphone-based app and to a data cloud, enabling remote patient monitoring and analysis of data. Low-risk parturients at term, carrying singletons pregnancies, were recruited at early delivery prior to the active phase. Big data analysis of the collected data was performed using the Power BI analysis tool (Microsoft). Next, data were normalized to visual presentation using Excel Data Analysis and the regression tool. Average measurements were compared before and after rupture of membranes, epidural anesthesia, fetal delivery, and placental expulsion. Results: Eighty-one parturients entered analysis. Epidural anesthesia was associated with a slight elevation in CO (5.5 vs. 5.6, L/min, 10 min before and after EA, p <0.05) attributed to a non-significant increase in both HR and SV. BP remained stable as of counter decrease in SVR (1361 vs. 1319 mmHg⋅min⋅mL−1, 10 min before and after EA, p <0.05). Fetal delivery was associated with a peak in CO after which it rapidly declined (6.0 vs. 7.2 vs. 6.1 L/min, 30 min before vs. point of delivery vs. after delivery, p <0.05). The mean BP remained stable throughout delivery with a slight increase at fetal delivery (92 vs. 95 vs. 92.1 mmHg, p <0.05), reflecting the increase in CO and decrease in SVR (1284 vs. 1112 vs. 1280 mmHg⋅min⋅mL−1,p <0.05)with delivery. Placental expulsion was associated with a second peak in CO and decrease in SVR. Conclusions: We presented a novel application of noninvasive hemodynamic maternal monitoring throughout labor and delivery for both research and clinical use.
Utilization of pre-pregnancy care services among women with high-risk pregnancy in the northern part of peninsular malaysia; Objectives: This study aimed to determine the utilization of pre-pregnancy care services and their associated factors among women with high-risk pregnancy in the northern part of Peninsular Malaysia. Materials and Methods: This cross-sectional study commenced in 2017 among women diagnosed as high-risk pregnancy in governmental health clinics in the state of Perak, Malaysia. Stratified random sampling was applied and interviewer-guided questionnaires were administered in this regard. A proforma and the validated Pre-pregnancy Care Knowledge and Practice Questionnaire were used, consisting 21 items on knowledge and 16 items on practice. The utilization of pre-pregnancy care services was defined if someone had attended the service at least once prior to the current pregnancy. Finally, logistic regression analysis was conducted using SPSS software. Results: Of 490 women with high-risk pregnancies, 23.9% (n=117) utilized pre-pregnancy care services. Only one-third of them were aware of the offered services (33.1%), received advice to seek these services (30.4%), and were referred to the services (27.3%). There were four significant associated factors for the utilization of pre-pregnancy care services, including maternal age (P = 0.016), planned pregnancy (P < 0.001), family planning practice (P < 0.001), and pre-pregnancy care knowledge (P = 0.030). Conclusions: The utilization of pre-pregnancy care services among women with high-risk pregnancy in this study was low. An increase in maternal age, a planned pregnancy, history of practicing family planning, and women with good pre-pregnancy care knowledge were more likely to utilize pre-pregnancy care services.
Treatment and diagnosis changes polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome is at the present a well-known disease disturb-ing 6% to 25% of women of reproductive age, based on their interpretation. Over the past three decades, research has led to it becoming a disease more common to internal medicine procedures, from relative medical obscurity. It impacts many processes and allows for an advanced health care approach for successful diagnosis. Metabolic disorders and related complications include insulin and diabetic resistance, hyperlipidemia, elevated blood pressure, fatty liver syndrome and sleep apnea. Oligo-/amenorrhea, endometrial hyperpla-sia and cancer are all reproductive complications. Depression and disordered behavior are both linked to psychosocial problems. Cosmetic problems may include hirsutism, androgenic alopecia and acne. The diagnosis of PCOS takes place only if the patients have at least 2 of the 3 symptoms, namely high (High Androgen level, Presence of ovarian cysts and Irregular Periods). Diagnosis is confirmed following a pelvic exam, blood tests along with an ultrasound to determine the structure of the ovaries. This analysis addresses the mnemonic ”MY PCOS” in a multiple system approach and explores the diagnosis and therapeutic strategies for developmental, cosmetic and metabolic complica-tions. This paper gives an analysis of polycystic ovary syndrome treatment for females. The debate must emphasize the various particular issue to be dealt with in the management of this situation mnemoic ”MY PCOS”.
The predictive value of mir-16,-29a and-134 for early identification of gestational diabetes: A nested analysis of the dali cohort; Early identification of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) aims to reduce the risk of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Currently, no circulating biomarker has proven clinically useful for accurate prediction of GDM. In this study, we tested if a panel of small non-coding circulating RNAs could improve early prediction of GDM. We performed a nested case-control study of participants from the European multicenter ‘Vitamin D and lifestyle intervention for GDM prevention (DALI)’ trial using serum samples from obese pregnant women (BMI ≥ 29 kg/m2 ) entailing 82 GDM cases (early-and late-GDM), and 41 age-and BMI-matched women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) throughout pregnancy (controls). Anthropometric, clinical and biochemical characteristics were obtained at baseline (<20 weeks of gestation) and throughout gestation. Baseline serum microRNAs (miRNAs) were measured using quantitative real time PCR (qPCR). Elevated miR-16-5p,-29a-3p, and-134-5p levels were observed in women, who were NGT at baseline and later developed GDM, compared with controls who remained NGT. A combination of the three miRNAs could distinguish later GDM from NGT cases (AUC 0.717, p = 0.001, compared with fasting plasma glucose (AUC 0.687, p = 0.004)) as evaluated by area under the curves (AUCs) using Receiver Operator Characteristics (ROC) analysis. Elevated levels of individual miRNAs or a combination hereof were associated with higher odds ratios of GDM. Conclusively, circulating miRNAs early in pregnancy could serve as valuable predictive biomarkers of GDM.
Effects of maternal obesity on placental phenotype; The incidence of obesity is rising rapidly worldwide with the consequence that more women are entering pregnancy overweight or obese. This leads to an increased incidence of clinical complications during pregnancy and of poor obstetric outcomes. The offspring of obese pregnancies are often macrosomic at birth although there is also a subset of the progeny that are growth-restricted at term. Maternal obesity during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular, metabolic and endocrine dysfunction in the offspring later in life. As the interface between the mother and fetus, the placenta has a central role in programming intrauterine development and is known to adapt its phenotype in response to environmental conditions such as maternal undernutrition and hypoxia. However, less is known about placental function in the abnormal metabolic and endocrine environment associated with maternal obesity during pregnancy. This review discusses the placental consequences of maternal obesity induced either naturally or experimentally by increasing maternal nutritional intake and/or changing the dietary composition. It takes a comparative, multi-species approach and focusses on placental size, morphology, nutrient transport, metabolism and endocrine function during the later stages of obese pregnancy. It also examines the interventions that have been made during pregnancy in an attempt to alleviate the more adverse impacts of maternal obesity on placental phenotype. The review highlights the potential role of adaptations in placental phenotype as a contributory factor to the pregnancy complications and changes in fetal growth and development that are associated with maternal obesity.
Association analysis in young and middle-aged mothers—relation between expression of cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and abnormal clinical findings; The principal goal of the study was to map common postpartal alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases induced by most frequently occurring pregnancy-related complications (gestational hypertension, preeclamp-sia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth). In addition, the association analyses between individual abnormal clinical findings (overweight/obesity, central obesity, hypertension, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, actual hormonal contraceptive use, the presence of trombophilic gene mutations, actual smoking status, increased serum levels of total cholesterol, HDL (high density lipoprotein) cholesterol, LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol, triglycerides, lipoprotein A, CRP (C-reactive protein), and uric acid, and increased plasma levels of homocysteine) and microRNA expression levels were performed in mothers with respect/regardless to previous course of gestation. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes, or spontaneous preterm birth caused that a significant proportion of mothers (52.42% at 90.0% specificity) had substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might originate lifelong cardiovascular risk. 26 out of 29 tested microRNAs were up-regulated in mothers with a history of such complicated pregnancies. MicroRNA expression profiles were also able to differentiate between mothers with normal and abnormal clinical findings (BMI (body mass index), waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, on blood pressure treatment, history of infertility treatment, and the presence of trombophilic gene mutations) irrespective of previous course of gestation. The treatment of hypertension even intensified upregulation of some microRNAs (miR-24-3p, and miR-342-3p) already present in women after complicated pregnan-cies. Newly, the presence of overweight/obesity (miR-155-5p), systolic hypertension (miR-92a-3p, and miR-210-3p), treatment for infertility (miR-155-5p), and treatment for hypertension (miR-210-3p) induced upregulation of several microRNAs. In general, mothers after complicated pregnancies are at increased risk of development of cardiovascular complications. Especially those mothers indicated to have postpartally altered microRNA expression profiles might be considered as a highly risky group that would benefit from dispensarization and implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Contraceptive practices in women with chronic medical conditions; Contraception in women with severe medical conditions is a potential measure to reduce maternal mortality. We sought to determine the contraceptive use in women with medical conditions at the University Hospital of the West Indies (UHWI) in Jamaica to determine if there is room for improvement in contraceptive use. Participants were identified from the medical out-patient departments and questionnaires administered. Two hundred and sixty females between 18 and 44 years with varied chronic medical conditions were included. Those included were systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), diabetes, hypertension (HTN), thyroid disease, cardiac and renal disease. The total current use of contraception was 58.4%, while 41.6% were not on contraceptives. The use of barrier methods and long-acting reversible contraceptives (LARCs) was 71% and 10%, respectively. The current use of contraception in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) was 84% (p=.004) and in rheumatoid arthritis (RA), 14% (p=.028). Fifty-eight (58, 24.2%) of the women were using two or more methods of contraception. There is a role for improving contraceptive use among women with medical conditions as they are at increased risk of pregnancy complications.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Women with medical comorbidities significantly contribute to both direct and indirect causes of maternal mortality. Contraception may play an integral role in reducing the risk of dying in chronically ill women; however, the use of contraception in this group is often suboptimal. What the results of this study add? This study adds to the literature that in this high-risk group, there is an underuse of long-acting reversible contraceptives, which is ideal for this population. What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice or further research? The results will provide evidence that this high-risk group of women should be targeted and counselled regarding their risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy as well as contraception use while their condition is optimised. From this evidence, services may be put in place in institutions, especially in low-resource settings.
Cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study from fetal life to infancy; Objective: To determine whether cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) persist in the offspring beyond the neonatal period. Design: Longitudinal study. Setting: Fetal Medicine Unit in a UK teaching hospital. Methods: 73 women with GDM and 73 women with uncomplicated pregnancy were recruited and fetal cardiac scans were performed at 35–36 weeks' gestation. Repeat echocardiogram was performed in their offspring during infancy. Main outcome measures: Fetal and infant cardiac functional and structural changes. Results: Fetuses of mothers with GDM, compared with controls, had more globular right ventricles (sphericity index 0.7, interquartile range [IQR] 0.6/0.7 versus 0.6, IQR 0.5/0.6, P < 0.001) and reduced right global longitudinal systolic strain (−16.4, IQR −18.9/−15.3 versus −18.5, IQR −20.6/−16.8, P = 0.001) and left global longitudinal systolic strain (−20.1, IQR −22.5/−16.9 versus −21.3, IQR −23.5/−19.5), P = 0.021). In the GDM group, compared with controls, in infancy there was higher left ventricular E/e’ (8.7, IQR 7.3/9.7 versus 7.9 IQR, 6.8/8.9 P = 0.011) and lower left ventricular global longitudinal systolic strain (−21.0, IQR −22.5/−19.4 versus −22.3, IQR −23.5/−20.7, P = 0.001) and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (13.8, IQR 12.7/16.1 versus 15.2, IQR 13.8/16.8, P = 0.003). These differences remained following multivariable analysis. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations in fetal cardiac function and structure compared with controls and persistent cardiac changes in infancy. Tweetable abstract: Gestational diabetes mellitus, even when well controlled, is associated with fetal cardiac changes and these persist in infancy.
Prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus using the latest world health organization diagnostic criteria among Omani women in Muscat, Oman; Objectives: In 2013, the World Health Organization (WHO) recommended new criteria for diagnosing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Our study aimed to compare the incidence of GDM and its complications among Omani pregnant women using the new diagnostic criteria compared to previous criteria published in 1999. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted between January and December 2016 at the Bawshar Specialized Polyclinic in Muscat, Oman. A total of 613 Omani women were included in the study. Baseline maternal characteristics such as age, body mass index, parity, and socioeconomic status were recorded in addition to maternal and neonatal outcomes. Results: Based on the current diagnostic criteria, the incidence of GDM was 48.5% (n = 297); however, this dropped to 26.4% (n = 162) when applying the old criteria. Moreover, rates of maternal complications including polyhydramnios (5.6% vs. 4.6%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (3.2% vs. 1.5%), and preterm delivery (3.2% vs. 1.5%) were slightly higher among women with GDM diagnosed using the latest criteria. However, these differences were not statistically significant. Neonatal complications were also slightly more frequent among the first group, without any significant differences. Conclusions: The incidence of GDM among Omani women rose dramatically when utilizing the latest WHO diagnostic criteria, owing to a lower fasting blood glucose cut-off value. In addition, a comparison of the frequencies of maternal and neonatal complications supports the validity of the new criteria. These findings should be taken into consideration by decision-makers in Oman when planning antenatal and postnatal services.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of three non-invasive ventilation methods in the initial treatment of premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of three non-invasive ventilation methods in the treatment of premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome. Methods: 240 premature infants with NRDS were selected as subjects. They were further divided into two age groups by gestational age of 32 weeks; each age group was randomly divided into three subgroups: NIPPV, NHFO and NCPAP group, with 40 infants in each group. NIPPV, NHFO and NCPAP interventions were performed in each group after the application of pulmonary sur-factant (PS). PaO2, PaCO2, PaO2 /FiO2 were measured at each time point after respiratory support. Other correspond-ing treatment results and complications were also compared. Results: PaO2, PaO2 /FiO2 in all age groups were significantly increased after the application of PS and non-invasive respiratory support at different time points within the group (P<0.05), and compared with the NCPAP group, the other two groups showed significant improvement in PaO2 /FiO2 (P<0.05). At the gestational age less than 32 weeks, total oxygen treatment time, non-invasive ventilation time, hospital stay time and total gastrointestinal feeding time were longer in the NCPAP group than in the other two groups (P<0.05). The incidence of apnea, BPD, ROP, gas leakage, abdominal distension and reintubation, and hospitalization costs were higher in the NCPAP group than in the other two groups (P<0.05). Conclusion: Three non-invasive ventilation modes can significantly improve pulmonary oxygenation function in a short period of time, and clinical symptoms of infants can be alleviated. However, NIPPV and NHFO are more effective and safer. And, for infants with small gestational age and weak spontaneous breathing, they have more therapeutic advantages over NCPAP.
Diabetic cardiomyopathy: From mechanism to management in a nutshell; Diabetic cardiomyopathy (DCM) is a significant complication of diabetes mellitus characterized by gradually failing heart with detrimental cardiac remodelings, such as fibrosis and diastolic and systolic dysfunction, which is not directly attributable to coronary artery disease. Insulin resistance and resulting hyperglycemia is the main trigger involved in the initiation of diabetic cardiomyopathy. There is a constellation of many pathophysiological events, such as lipotoxicity, oxidative stress, inflammation, inappropriate activation of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system, dysfunctional immune modulation promoting increased rate of cardiac cell injury, apoptosis, and necrosis, which ultimately culminates into interstitial fibrosis, cardiac stiffness, diastolic dysfunction, initially, and later systolic dysfunction too. These events finally lead to clinical heart failure of DCM. Herein, The pathophysiology of DCM is briefly discussed. Furthermore, potential therapeutic strategies currently used for DCM are also briefly mentioned.
Risk factors for cerebral palsy in neonates due to placental abruption; Aim: This study aimed to identify risk factors for the onset of cerebral palsy (CP) in neonates due to placental abruption and investigate their characteristics. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted using a nationwide registry from Japan. The study population included pregnant women (n = 122) who delivered an infant with CP between 2009 and 2015, where placental abruption was identified as the single cause of CP. The control group consisted of pregnant women with placental abruption, who delivered an infant without CP and were managed from 2013 to 2014. They were randomly identified from the prenatal database of the Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology (JSOG-DB; n = 1214). Risk factors were investigated using multivariate analysis. Results: Alcohol consumption (3.38, 2.01–5.68) (odds ratio, 95% confidence interval), smoking during pregnancy (3.50, 1.32–9.25), number of deliveries (1.28, 1.05–1.56), polyhydramnios (5.60, 1.37–22.6), oral administration of ritodrine hydrochloride (2.09, 1.22–3.57) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (2.25, 1.27–4.07) were significant risk factors. In contrast, intravenous administration of oxytocin (odds ratio, 95% confidence interval: 0.22, 0.09–0.58) and magnesium sulfate (0.122, 0.02–0.89) attenuated risk. Conclusion: Alcohol consumption, smoking during pregnancy, number of deliveries, polyhydramnios, oral administration of ritodrine hydrochloride and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy were identified as risk factors for CP following placental abruption. Regarding alcohol consumption and smoking during pregnancy, the results suggest the importance of educational activities targeting pregnant women to increase their awareness of placental abruption.
Cardiovascular disease among patients with diabetes: The current scenario in saudi arabia; One of the well-recognized conditions linked to diabetes mellitus (DM) is cardiovascular disease (CVD). Those affected by DM face greater risk for early onset of CVD. Although huge strides have been made in cardiovascular therapy and prevention, with striking results in decreasing diabetesrelated coronary mortality in developed countries, the morbidity and mortality due to CVD continue to remain high among patients with diabetes. While there is an increasing incidence of cardiovascular event survivors with DM across the world, the number of DM patients with higher cardiovascular risk is predicted to soar, presenting a massive challenge for health care systems globally, including Saudi Arabia. A report of the Saudi Scientific Diabetes Society indicates that more than 50% of patients with DM die due to cardiovascular causes. In fact, Saudi Arabia globally ranks among the top 10 countries in the prevalence of diabetes. However, the incidence of CVD and its risk factors among patients with diabetes in Saudi Arabia have not yet been well documented. This review aims to present an overview of CVD among patients with DM in Saudi Arabia, through a comprehensive review of currently available published literature. The findings indicate that diabetes linked CVD burden in Saudi Arabia is expected to exponentially increase to a very high degree unless a wide-ranging epidemic control program is initiated. The findings emphasize the need for maintenance of a healthy diet accompanied by exercise, an active lifestyle and weight control measures among the population. It is essential that the health care system focus on raising awareness among the population, and implement appropriate measures for prevention, early detection and suitable management of CVD among patients with DM.
Associated factors with neonatal near miss in twin pregnancies in a public referral maternity unit in brazil; Objective: The aim was to analyze the factors associated with neonatal near miss (NNM) in twin pregnancies in a public referral maternity unit in Brazil. Material and Methods: This retrospective, cross-sectional study included 697 twin newborns. Cases of fetal and neonatal deaths were excluded. Neonates were divided into those meeting NNM criteria (5 min Apgar score <7, birth weight <1,500 g, gestational age at delivery <32 weeks, use of mechanical ventilation or congenital malformation, transfer before 28 days of life) and those who did not. In the bivariate analysis, the chi-square and Fisher’s exact tests were used. Variables with a p-value ≤0.20 were subjected to the multiple analyses, which followed the Poisson regression model. Results: The cohort consisted of 130 (18.7%) neonates meeting NNM criteria and 567 (81.3%) with no NNM criteria after multiple analyses, the following variables were associated with NNM: no previous pregnancy, prevalence ratio (PR): 1.38 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.03-1.85]; >3 previous pregnancies, PR: 1.93 (95% CI, 1.38-2.69); premature rupture of membranes, PR: 1.50 (95% CI, 1.70-2.12); intrauterine growth restriction, PR: 2.28 (95% CI, 1.53-3.33); premature labor, PR: 1.63 (95% CI, 1.13-2.35); resuscitation in the delivery room, PR: 1.80 (95% CI, 1.24-2.62); and transfusion of blood products, PR: 4.44 (95% CI, 3.14-6.28). Conclusion: The study findings indicate that having had 0 or >3 previous pregnancies, premature rupture of the membranes, intrauterine growth restriction, resuscitation in the delivery room, premature labor, and transfusion of blood products were associated with NNM in twin pregnancies. (J Turk Ger Gynecol Assoc 2021; 22: 12-21).
Efficacy and cardiovascular safety of antidiabetic medications; Diabetes mellitus (DM) has already affected one in every eleven person in the global population, and the disease prevalence continues to increase because of the obesity pandemic. Even with the availability of a multitude of antidi-abetic medications for optimal glycaemic control, cardiovascular morbidity and mortality were not largely altered until re-cently when newer antidiabetic drugs such as glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor analogues (GLP-1RAs) and sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors were introduced. Cardiovascular safety of antidiabetic drugs has also been a hot topic for global scientific debate after the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) enforced restrictions on Rosiglita-zone in 2010 with the suspicion of increased mortality and myocardial events (with subsequent uplift of the ban on the drug in 2013 following the emergence of additional evidence on safety). After this debate, all antidiabetic should go through rigorous safety checks with cardiovascular outcome trials (CVOTs). Recent CVOTs with GLP-1RAs and SGLT2 inhibitors have revealed markedly positive outcomes that have changed the landscape of diabetes management across the world. Thus, the therapeutic algorithm for optimal management of DM should consider not only the glycaemic control efficacy of the individual antidiabetic agent but also the cardiovascular safety and modifications in other anticipated long-term DM complication profiles. Therefore, it is imperative to critically appraise the efficacy and cardiovascular safety of all antidiabetic drugs to improve the scientific practice of our diabetes care globally. This Journal issue, “Efficacy and cardiovascular safety of antidiabetic medications,” provides readers the back-up of up to date evidence.
Safety evaluation of syzygium jambolanum on the development of zebrafish embryos; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus, a hyperglycaemic condition that develops at the time of pregnancy, causes approximately 7% of complications during pregnancies world wide. Syzygium jambolanum has been proved clinically for the management of diabetes mellitus and is being prescribed for the management of diabetes in pregnant women. Objectives: This study has been designed to evaluate the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture on the development of zebrafish embryos. Materials and Methods: Zebrafish embryos were exposed to 1%, 5% and 10% of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture with the same concentration of alcohol. Observations like mortality, hatching at 24, 48 and 72 hr post fertilization and yolk sac edema, length, eye width, pericardial edema and heart rate were recorded at 72 hr post fertilization. The locomotor activity was recorded at 7 day post fertilization. Results: Results showed that mortality in zebrafish embryos with the treatment of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at 10% could be due to alcohol as similar results were observed with 10% alcohol also. Moreover, changes observed in heart beat in embryos with the treatment of alcohol at different concentration were reduced by the Syzygium jambolanum indicating its possible protective role in cardiac parameters. Conclusion: Results suggest the safety of Syzygium jambolanum mother tincture at low concentrations (1% and 5%) on development of zebrafish embryos. The embryo toxicity induced by 10% concentration of Syzygium jambolanum may be attributed to the ethanol. Further developmental toxicity studies on animals need to be carried out to validate the results obtained followed by clinical validation.
Early pregnancy atherogenic profile in a first pregnancy and hypertension risk 2 to 7 years after delivery; BACKGROUND: Cardiovascular risk in young adulthood is an important determinant of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) have increased cardiovascular risk, but the relationship of other factors is unknown. METHODS AND RESULTS: Among 4471 primiparous women, we related first-trimester atherogenic markers to risk of APO (hyper-tensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm birth, small for gestational age), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension (130/80 mm Hg or antihypertensive use) 2 to 7 years after delivery. Women with an APO/GDM (n=1102) had more atherogenic characteristics (obesity [34.2 versus 19.5%], higher blood pressure [systolic blood pressure 112.2 versus 108.4, diastolic blood pressure 69.2 versus 66.6 mm Hg], glucose [5.0 versus 4.8 mmol/L], insulin [77.6 versus 60.1 pmol/L], triglycerides [1.4 versus 1.3 mmol/L], and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [5.6 versus 4.0 nmol/L], and lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol [1.8 versus 1.9 mmol/L]; P<0.05) than women without an APO/GDM. They were also more likely to develop hypertension after delivery (32.8% versus 18.1%, P<0.05). Accounting for confounders and factors routinely assessed antepartum, higher glucose (relative risk [RR] 1.03 [95% CI, 1.00–1.06] per 0.6 mmol/L), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (RR, 1.06 [95% CI, 1.02–1.11] per 2-fold higher), and triglycerides (RR, 1.27 [95% CI, 1.14–1.41] per 2-fold higher) were associated with later hypertension. Higher physical activity was protective (RR, 0.93 [95% CI, 0.87-0.99] per 3 h/week). When evaluated as latent profiles, the nonobese group with higher lipids, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and insulin values (6.9% of the cohort) had increased risk of an APO/GDM and later hypertension. Among these factors, 7% to 15% of excess RR was related to APO/GDM. CONCLUSIONS: Individual and combined first-trimester atherogenic characteristics are associated with APO/GDM occurrence and hypertension 2 to 7 years later.
Maternal cholesterol levels during gestation: boon or bane for the offspring?; An increase in cholesterol levels is perceived during pregnancy and is considered as a normal adaptive response to the development of the fetus. In some pregnancies, excessive increase in total cholesterol with high levels of Low-Density Lipoprotein leads to maladaptation by the fetus to cholesterol demands, resulting in a pathological condition termed as maternal hypercholesterolemia (MH). MH is considered clinically irrelevant and therefore cholesterol levels are not routinely checked during pregnancy, as a consequence of which there is scarce information on its global prevalence in pregnant women. Studies have reported that MH during pregnancy can cause atherogenesis in adults emphasizing the concept of in utero programming of fetus. Moreover, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, obesity and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome are potential risk factors which strengthen combined pathologies in placenta and fetuses of mothers with MH. However, lack of conclusive evidence on cholesterol transport and underlying programming demand substantial research to develop population-based life style strategies for women in their childbearing years. The current review focuses on the mechanisms and outcomes of MH from existing epidemiological as well as experimental data and presents a detailed insight on this novel risk factor of cardiovascular diseases.
Potential effects of incretin-based therapies on polycystic ovary syndrome in rats: A comparative study of linagliptin versus liraglutide; Low glucagon like peptide1 (GLP-1) level may contribute to the metabolic dysfunction in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). In this study, prospective therapeutic effects of incretin-based drugs; linagliptin versus liraglu-tide were investigated on letrozole induced PCOS rats. Animals were divided into five groups (control, PCOS, linagliptin, liraglutide and com-bined). Letrozole was administered for seven weeks (1mg/kg/day,orally). Linagliptin (3mg/kg/day,orally), liraglutide (1.2mg/kg/day,sc) and combined drugs were given for 4 weeks. Measurements of anthropometric, hemody-namics, blood glucose indices, HOMA-IR, serum lipids, TNF-α, NF-kB, and sex hormones were estimated. Antioxidant activities alongside immunohisto-chemical (PCNA) studies were assessed. The present results proved that both drugs significantly ameliorated most of anthropometric, glycemic, lipid, hor-monal, inflammatory and antioxidant indices. Obvious histological improve-ment was obtained by linagliptin and combined therapy while being question-able by liraglutide . In conclusion, linagliptin caused evident ovarian histo-logical advance rather than liraglutide. Linagliptin may represent a promise in alleviating metabolic, hormonal and unique beneficial histologic effects of PCOS.
Risk factors associated with preterm delivery in singleton pregnancy in a tertiary care hospital in South India: A case control study; Background: Preterm delivery is a major obstetric complication and a leading cause of neonatal mortality and morbidity. It is also associated with significant costs in terms of psychological and financial hardship, to the families. Objective: The primary objective of this study was to determine the risk factors associated with all preterm deliveries in singleton pregnancy in a tertiary care hospital and the secondary objective was to determine the fetal outcomes among women with preterm delivery. Materials and Methods: A case control study was conducted between January 2019 and June 2019 in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology of a tertiary care center in Central Kerala, India. Women who delivered before 37 completed weeks of gestation were taken as cases and those who delivered at or after 37 weeks were considered as controls in a 1:1 ratio, approximately. Data regarding 191 cases and 200 controls were taken from delivery room records of the years 2016 to 2018 with the help of a predesigned checklist. Univariate and multivariate analysis were done to determine the magnitude of association between the exposure factors and preterm delivery. Results: The mean age of study participants among the cases was 29.3 ± 5.1 years and controls was 28.1 ± 4.4. Pregnancy induced hypertension (aOR = 14.60; 95% CI 4.8, 44.1; p<0.001), abnormal amniotic fluid volume (aOR = 10.68; 95% CI 3.46, 32.98; p<0.001), premature rupture of membranes (PROM) (aOR = 10.27; 95% CI 4.82, 21.86; p<0.001), previous history of preterm delivery (aOR = 4.12; 95% CI 1.22, 13.85; p<0.002), history of urinary tract infection (UTI) during pregnancy (aOR = 3.67; 95% CI 1.39, 9.68; p<0.002), systemic diseases (aOR = 2.78; 95% CI 1.28, 6.39; p<0.001), anaemia (aOR = 2.54; 95% CI 1.28, 5.03; p<0.004) were found to be the independent risk factors for preterm delivery. On analyzing the fetal outcomes, the average birth weight of preterm babies was 2 ± 0.6 kg compared to 3.1kg among term babies. Conclusion: Early detection and adequate treatment of various conditions like anaemia, pregnancy induced hypertension, UTI and systemic illness can help in reduction of the prevalence of preterm delivery.
Factors associated with primary hypertension in pediatric patients: An up-to-date; Background: Arterial hypertension in children is considered a common alteration nowadays, mainly because obesity is a growing worldwide problem closely related to increased blood pressure. Childhood hypertension can be classified as primary or secondary, depending on the etiology. Primary or essential hypertension still has its pathophysiology not fully elucidated, and there is no consensus in the literature on most underlying mechanisms. In this review, genetic and environmental factors, including sodium and potassium intake, socioeconomic status, ethnicity, family structure, obesity, sedentary lifestyle, prematurity and low birth weight, prenatal and postnatal exposures are highlighted. Objective: The present study aimed to perform an update on primary hypertension in childhood, providing clinicians and researchers an overview of the current state of the literature regarding the influence of genetic and environmental factors. Methods: This integrative review searched for articles on genetic and environmental factors related to primary hypertension in pediatric patients. The databases evaluated were PubMed and Scopus. Results: The studies have provided insights regarding many genetic and environmental factors, in addition to their association with the pathophysiology of primary hypertension in childhood. Findings corroborated the idea that primary hypertension is a multifactorial disease. Further studies in the pediatric population are needed to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. Conclusion: The study of primary hypertension in pediatrics has utmost importance for the adoption of preventive measures and the development of more efficient treatments, therefore reducing childhood morbidity and the incidence of cardiovascular diseases and other health consequences later in life.
Obesity in pregnancy: A new chapter in obstetrics; Obesity is a worldwide health problem affecting more than 35% of the adult population in the USA. Obesity is the greatest epidemic ever experienced by humans and resulting from increasing population increasing lifespan, urbanization, plentiful food and physical inactivity. The rate of obesity has doubled over the past decade. Percentage of women who are overweight or obese has increased by 60% over the past 30 years. The mean BMI has increased over the past 20 years leading to adverse metabolic effects on blood pressure, cholesterol and triglyceride concentration and insulin resistance, thereby increasing the risk: (1) for coronary disease and ischemic stroke, (2) for type 2 diabetes, and (3) for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Maternal obesity in pregnancy (MOP) has been associated with fertility implications both genders pregnancy complication, such as preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, and adverse outcome including hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and need for operative delivery (cesarean section and instrumental vaginal delivery). Maternal obesity also has a significant impact on fetal development on neonatal period and overall on childhood development. Modification to routine prenatal care has been suggested for this population such as screening for diabetes in early pregnancy, limiting gestational weight gain, routine ultrasound for gestational age, fetal anatomic survey and antenatal surveillance with NST and BPP scoring and fetal echocardiography, screening for fetal aneuploidy. Obesity can affect screening test performance. Cell-free fetal DNA screening is more likely to result in test failure, low-dose aspirin to reduce the risk of preeclampsia and evaluation by anesthesiologist. Delivery timing and indications for labor induction should not be altered based on maternal obesity. For women undergoing cesarean delivery, prophylactic antibiotics should be administered based on maternal weight.
Obstetric outcomes of sars-cov-2 infection in asymptomatic pregnant women; Around two percent of asymptomatic women in labor test positive for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) in Spain. Families and care providers face childbirth with uncertainty. We determined if SARS-CoV-2 infection at delivery among asymptomatic mothers had different obstetric outcomes compared to negative patients. This was a multicenter prospective study based on universal antenatal screening for SARS-CoV-2 infection. A total of 42 hospitals tested women admitted for delivery using polymerase chain reaction, from March to May 2020. We included positive mothers and a sample of negative mothers asymptomatic throughout the antenatal period, with 6-week postpartum follow-up. Association between SARS-CoV-2 and obstetric outcomes was evaluated by multivariate logistic regression analyses. In total, 174 asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 positive pregnancies were compared with 430 asymptomatic negative pregnancies. No differences were observed between both groups in key maternal and neonatal outcomes at delivery and follow-up, with the exception of prelabor rupture of membranes at term (adjusted odds ratio 1.88, 95% confidence interval 1.13-3.11; p = 0.015). Asymptomatic SARS-CoV-2 positive mothers have higher odds of prelabor rupture of membranes at term, without an increase in perinatal complications, compared to negative mothers. Pregnant women testing positive for SARS-CoV-2 at admission for delivery should be reassured by their healthcare workers in the absence of symptoms.
Prenatal sonographic features of charge syndrome; CHARGE syndrome is a rare autosomal dominant disorder, associated with coloboma (C), heart defects (H), choanal atresia (A), retardation of growth and/or central nervous system (R), genitourinary anomalies (G) and ear abnormalities (E). Prenatal diagnosis of the syndrome is very rare but may be suspected when a combination of such abnormalities is identified. We describe a prenatally suspected case of CHARGE syndrome due to unique findings of cardiac defects (DORV) in combination with minor clues, including a structurally malformed ear with persistent non-response to an acoustic stimulation (which has never been prenatally described elsewhere), renal malrotation and growth restriction. Postnatal diagnosis was made based on confirmation of the prenatal findings and additional specific findings of bilateral coloboma, choanal atresia and ear canal stenosis. Finally, molecular genetic testing by whole exome sequencing of the neonate and her parents revealed a novel de novo heterozygous frameshift c.3506_3509dup variant in the CHD7 gene, confirming the clinical diagnosis of CHARGE syndrome. In conclusion, we describe unique prenatal features of CHARGE syndrome. Educationally, this is one of the rare examples of CHARGE syndrome, comprising all of the six specific anomalies as originally described; it is also supported by the identification of a specific genetic mutation. The identified genetic variant has never been previously reported, thereby expanding the mutational spectrum of CHD7. Finally, this case can inspire prenatal sonographers to increase awareness of subtle or minor abnormalities as genetic sonomarkers.
Risk Prediction of the Diabetes Missing Million: Identifying Individuals at High Risk of Diabetes and Related Complications; Early diagnosis and effective management of type 2 diabetes (T2D) are crucial in reducing the risk of developing life-changing complications such as heart failure, stroke, kidney disease, blindness and amputation, which are also associated with significant costs for healthcare providers. However, as T2D symptoms often develop slowly it is not uncommon for people to live with T2D for years without being aware of their condition—commonly known as the undiagnosed missing million. By the time a diagnosis is received, many individuals will have already developed serious complications. While the existence of undiagnosed diabetes has long been recognised, wide-reaching awareness among the general public, clinicians and policymakers is lacking, and there is uncertainty in how best to identify high-risk individuals. In this article we have used consensus expert opinion alongside the available evidence, to provide support for the diabetes healthcare community regarding risk prediction of the missing million. Its purpose is to provide awareness of the risk factors for identifying individuals at high, moderate and low risk of T2D and T2D-related complications. The awareness of risk predictors, particularly in primary care, is important, so that appropriate steps can be taken to reduce the clinical and economic burden of T2D and its complications.
Direct Medical Costs of Incident Complications in Patients Newly Diagnosed With Type 2 Diabetes in China; Introduction: Reliable country-specific incidence and cost data on diabetes-related complications are essential inputs for the projections of the economic burden of diabetes. The aim of this study was to provide patient-level cost estimates of managing and treating complications in patients newly diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in China. Methods: Patients newly diagnosed with T2DM in the Tianjin Urban Employee Basic Medical Insurance Claims database between 2008 and 2015 were identified and followed up. The cumulative incidence and descriptive costs of certain macrovascular and microvascular complications were examined. A generalized estimating equations model was used to estimate the immediate- and long-term costs for the incident complication in quarterly intervals, controlling for demographics and the confounding effects of comorbid complications. Results: A total of 114,847 newly diagnosed patients were identified (mean age 56.9 years, 45.5% women). After 7 years, 80.8% of the patients at risk had developed nephropathy and 75.7% had developed neuropathy. The immediate additional costs were highest for myocardial infarction during the quarterly interval that the complication first occurred (China yuan [CNY] 19,633), and the long-term costs were highest for stroke in the quarterly intervals of subsequent years (CNY 1087). The expected costs for all complications were calculated and presented as costs per quarterly interval and per year for different age and sex subgroups. Conclusions: Managing complications results in substantial costs to the Chinese healthcare system. Our study contributes towards quantifying the economic burden and supports the parametrization of economic models of diabetes in China.
Metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy: Fingerprinting the maternal metabolome using proton nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy; Aims: Maternal metabolic disorders place the mother at risk for negative pregnancy outcomes with potentially long-term health impacts for the child. Metabolic syndrome, a cluster of features associated with increased risk of metabolic disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and stroke, affects roughly one in five Canadians. Metabolomics is a relatively new technique that may be a useful tool to identify women at risk of metabolic disorders. This study set out to characterize urinary metabolic biomarkers of pregnant women with obesity and of pregnant women who later developed gestational diabetes mellitus (pre-GDM), compared to controls. Methods and Materials: Second trimester urine samples were collected through the Alberta Pregnancy Outcomes and Nutrition (APrON) cohort and examined with 1H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy. Multivariate analysis was used to examine group differences, and machine learning feature selection tools identified the metabolites contributing to separation. Results: Obesity and pre-GDM metabolomes were distinct from controls and from each other. In each comparison, the glycine, serine and threonine pathways were the most impacted. Pantothenate, formic acid and glycine were downregulated by obesity, while formic acid, dimethylamine and galactose were downregulated in pre-GDM. The three most impacted metabolites for the comparison of obesity versus pre-GDM groups were upregulated creatine/caffeine, downregulated sarcosine/dimethylamine and upregulated maltose/sucrose in individuals who later developed GDM. Conclusion: These findings suggest a role for urinary metabolomics in the prediction of GDM and metabolic marker identification for potential diagnostics and prognostics in women at risk.
A comprehensive review on the applications of ultrasound in various industries; Background: With the enhancement in manageability and robustness, ultrasound discovers growing usage in an eclectic variety of applications. The capability to accomplish and construe an outsized variability of ultrasound investigations is marvelously revealed by Physicians, nurses and medical officers, and the use of ultrasound in the developing world is unequivocally supported by a growing body of literature. This paper delivers a general idea of the technological and engineering developments that succor in the progression of ultrasonic applications. This paper reviews the prevailing literature in the aid of ultrasound use in the emerging biosphere. It also endorses imminent guidelines for ultrasound usage and exploration in order to develop investigative capability and patient care in the utmost far-flung regions of the world. Methods: A well-thought-out examination of bibliographic records in quest of peer-reviewed research accomplishments by means of an intensive assessment interrogation was carried out. Good quality papers were included in the review based on their features. With the intention of analyzing the verdicts of the considered investigations, we employed an inferential scrutiny approach centered on the quality of the content. Results: A total of 152 papers were included in this review, including a massive volume of literature works on various ultrasonic applications. These ultrasonic applications included food processing, cleaning, and nanostructured material synthesis along with a variety of therapeutic and clinical applications. This review identified the captivating improvements and ground-breaking applications of ultrasound worldwide together with a few of its prospective applications. Conclusion: The utilization of ultrasound in processing crafts innovative and attention-grabbing approaches, which have an eclectic scope for further research both from industrial and academic perspectives. Various areas, for instance: crystallization, degassing, drying, extraction, filtration, freezing, homogenization, meat tenderization, sterilization, etc.; have been acknowledged with prodigious potential for forthcoming improvements in food processing and preservation. Enriched extraction of heat-sensitive bioactive and food constituents at lower processing temperatures can be carried out using UAE. There is also a prospective for attaining concurrent extrication and encapsulation of extracted constituents via ultrasonic. Nevertheless, its utilization in the diagnosis of certain syndromes still remains controversial. In the near future, tumor ablation would necessitate the most important use of high intensity focused ultrasound in medicine. These applications, predominantly the treatment of uterine fibroids, are projected to encounter stretched out usage globally. With the proliferation of additional ablation techniques, a number of electrifying enhancements and innovative applications lie on the vista; together with application for targeted drug delivery and gene therapies, and treatment of an eclectic variety of brain ailments. There is an urgent need to broaden the research to assess the impression of ultrasound in resource-limited settings in the arena of Clinician-performed bedside ultrasonography in an attempt to draw inferences regarding the long-term sustainability and further expansion of ultrasound programs in the developing world. Ultrasonic processing, still in its embryonic stage, entails significant future research with the aim of developing technology and elucidating the effects of ultrasound.
New-onset restless leg syndrome in a covid-19 patient: A case report with literature review; Restless leg syndrome (RLS) is a sleep disorder characterized by the sudden urge to move the lower limbs during periods of rest accompanied by an unpleasant sensation like tingling or burning in the legs. Often, this urge is partially relieved by the movement of legs. However, it causes disturbance of sleep leading to daytime fatigue. Herein, we present an unusual case of new-onset of restless leg syndrome in a COVID-19 infected patient who presented three weeks after an uncomplicated delivery via caesarean section. The patient was managed with sleep hygiene measures, oral iron and vitamin C tablets apart from general COVID-19 management medications, subsequently leading to significant improvements. Here we have discussed possible associated factors, pathophysiological mechanisms and management of RLS in the case of COVID infected individuals.
Previous Pre-Eclampsia, Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension Place Women at High Cardiovascular Risk: But Do We Ask?; Background: Women who experience vascular complications of pregnancy, including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes, are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of these ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and medical provider awareness of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in women with CAD. Methods: Women aged 18–70 years treated with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) across three tertiary hospitals were invited to participate in a pregnancy-related telephone interview at 12 months post-PCI. Electronic medical records (EMR) were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors in the 12 months prior to, and including, the PCI admission. Results: A total of 102 women (mean age 59.8±7.7 years) underwent PCI for CAD and completed the pregnancy history questionnaire. Approximately three-quarters (73.5%, 75/102) of women had been pregnant, of which 25.3% (19/75) had experienced vascular complications consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19), and gestational hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Documentation of traditional CVD risk factors occurred in 209/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact (99.1%), while documentation of ‘non-traditional’ pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors occurred in 0/211 episodes of emergency or cardiology contact. Conclusion: More than a quarter of women treated with PCI for CAD had experienced a past pregnancy-related vascular complication. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers were not obtaining a history of these ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors.
Association of maternal dietary intakes and CBS gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring; Background: Although it is generally acknowledged that genetic and environmental factors are associated with risk of congenital heart disease (CHD), the causes are not fully understood. This study aimed at assessing the association of maternal dietary intakes, genetic variants of cystathionine beta synthase (CBS) gene and their interactions with risk of CHDs in offspring. Method: A hospital-based case-control study of 464 mothers with CHD infants and 504 control mothers of health infant was performed. The exposures of interest were maternal dietary intakes in early pregnancy, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of CBS gene. Results: More frequent intake of pickled vegetables (adjusted odds ratio[aOR] = 1.81; 95% confidence interval[CI]: 1.38–2.37), smoked foods (aOR = 2.00; 95%CI: 1.53–2.60), barbecued foods (aOR = 1.63; 95%CI: 1.19–2.25) and fried foods (aOR = 1.57; 95%CI: 1.22–2.03) were associated with higher risk of CHD, while salted eggs (aOR = 0.20; 95%CI: 0.12–0.33), fish and shrimp (aOR = 0.34; 95%CI: 0.27–0.44), fresh fruits (aOR = 0.49; 95%CI: 0.37–0.66), and milk products (aOR = 0.54; 95%CI: 0.45–0.65) were associated with lower risk of CHD. The SNPs of CBS gene at rs2851391 (T/T vs C/C: aOR = 1.91, 95%CI: 1.15–3.15) and rs234714 (T/T vs C/C: aOR = 2.22, 95%CI: 1.32–3.73) significantly increased the risk of CHD. Additionally, significant interaction effects between maternal dietary intakes and CBS genetic variants on CHD risks were observed. Conclusions: Maternal dietary factors, CBS genetic variants and their interactions were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring. However, it is still unclear how these factors jointly work in the development of CHD, and more studies with larger samples and prospective design are required.
Cardiovascular Disease in Women: From Pathophysiology to Novel and Emerging Risk Factors; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in Australian women, as well as men, with clear disparities in treatment and outcomes between the sexes. Moreover, disease pathophysiology differs between the sexes, with women more likely to suffer from microvascular coronary disease, endothelial dysfunction and heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, as compared to men, who are more likely to experience macrovascular disease or heart failure with reduced ejection fraction. Evidence suggests that both traditional and novel cardiovascular risk factors are often under-recognised and under-treated in women. Certain ‘traditional’ risk factors, including diabetes mellitus and smoking, may also portend a greater risk of cardiovascular disease in women than men. Furthermore, a number of female-specific risk factors have been identified as increasing the risk of cardiovascular disease in women, including pre-term delivery, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Currently, these factors are not included in primary prevention risk stratification tools, nor are they routinely considered in a cardiovascular assessment at a clinical level. This represents a missed opportunity, as early identification may allow for risk factor modification and possible amelioration of the disease burden. This review explores the role of traditional, sex-specific and novel risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women, in addition to pathophysiological differences between the sexes, and contributing societal and behavioural factors. These differences argue strongly for a ‘precision medicine’ approach to cardiovascular disease that includes sex as a key component.
The diagnostic and etiologic challenge of myocarditis in oncologic patients: Acute myocarditis during induction treatment with all-trans retinoic acid; Myocarditis is an inflammatory disease of the myocardium characterized by myocardial infiltration with inflammatory cells and non-ischemic myocytic necrosis. Its diagnosis is based on clinical, electrocardiogram, laboratory and echocardiographic parameters and also cardiac magnetic resonance or endomyocardial biopsy when possible. It occurs primarily as a result of infections that include viruses, parasites, bacteria and fungi. Moreover, there are other causes of myocarditis such as autoimmune diseases and an exposure to toxic substances. Beta-blocker, angiotensin-converting enzyme and haemodynamic support is the first line therapy but the treatment must be adapted to the etiological diagnosis. In cancer patients, myocarditis can be caused by infections, autoimmune diseases, but also as an adverse effect of any therapy that modulates the immune system. Uncommon causes in oncologic patients should be considered. Myocarditis induced by all Transretionoic Acid has only been described in a few cases. We present a case of young women with a recent diagnosis of acute promyolicitic leukemia that develops myocarditis during induction therapy with all Transretinoic Acid in the setting of Retinoic Acid Syndrome. The clinical history, physical examination, electrocardiogram, laboratory results, transthoracic echocardiography, cardiac magnetic resonance and coronary angiography were integrated to reach a prompt diagnosis and etiological approach. A neurohormonal inhibitor treatment and corticosteroid therapy were rapidly initiated. Unlike other cases reported, the hematologic treatment was continued with at lower doses without withdrawing. This different approach could provide a new therapeutic management in similar situations.
General practitioners’ knowledge about pregnancy complications associated with long-term cardiovascular risk; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women; preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with an increased risk of CVD. Objective: To evaluate general practitioners (GP) knowledge about complicated pregnancies and their association with CVD. Methods: An anonymous case-based electronic questionnaire designed to assess the level of understanding on the influence of a history of pregnancy complications on long-term cardiovascular risk and general knowledge about CVD risk was sent to GPs. Results: The response rate was 35 % (161/465). The participants recognized that PE and GDM are risk factors for CVD (98 and 83 %, respectively), and reported the following CVD screening strategies in women with a history of PE and GDM: blood pressure monitoring (PE 100 %, GDM 46 %), body mass index calculation (PE 68 %, GDM 57 %), lipid profile evaluation (PE 71 %, GDM 57 %), glycated hemoglobin (PE 26 %, GDM 92 %), and fasting glucose (PE 28 %, GDM 91 %). Conclusion: GP-reported screening strategies to identify CVD in women with a history of PE and GDM were variable.
Pregnancy and breastfeeding in hidradenitis suppurativa: A review of medication safety; Hidradenitis suppurativa (HS) is a chronic inflammatory disease that disproportionately affects women of childbearing age. Pregnancy influences HS severity for many women, thus diligent continued management throughout pregnancy and postpartum may be required. Herein, we provide an updated review of pregnancy and lactation safety data for HS medications, including topical antiseptic washes, topical and systemic antibiotics, biologic and nonbiologic immunomodulators, immunosuppressants, adjunct medical therapies, and pain medications, to help guide risk-benefit discussions between providers and HS patients.
Postnatal causes and severity of persistent pulmonary hypertension of newborn; Background & Objective: Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) is described as severe respiratory failure along with hypoxaemia. PPHN is known to be linked with high morbidity and mortality around the world. This study was planned to determine the postnatal causes and assess the severity of persistent pulmonary hypertension of newborn in babies presenting to the Children’s Hospital, Multan. Methods: This observational study was conducted at the Department of Paediatric Cardiology, The Children Hospital &Institute of Child Health, Multan, Pakistan from July to December 2019. A total of 122 confirmed cases of PPHN admitted having gestational age above 34 weeks were enrolled. Demographic data of the newborns was recorded along with maternal medical history, pregnancy status and postnatal causes of PPHN. Severity of PPHN was also recorded. Results: Out of a total of 122 cases of PPHN, 81 (66.3%) were male. Majority, 78 (64.0%) had gestational age above 37 weeks. Mode of delivery as cesarean section was noted in 70 (57.4%). Meconium aspiration syndrome 52 (42.6%), birth asphyxia 48 (39.3%), respiratory distress syndrome 23 (18.8%) and sepsis 33 (27.0%) were found to be the commonest causes of PPHN. Severe PPHN was found to be the most frequent, noted among 63 (51.6%) while Moderate PPHN was observed in 40 (32.8%) and Mild PPHN in 19 (15.6%). Morality was noted among 26 (21.3%) of cases. Conclusion: Meconium aspiration syndrome, birth asphyxia and respiratory distress syndrome were the commonest postnatal causes of PPHN. Severe PPHN was found to be the most frequent form of PPHN.
Assessment of fetal neurobehavior in special cases; In utero life and particularly fetal brain development and fetal behavior and more specifically assessment and imaging of the fetal nervous system, is a field of great interest in perinatal medicine, with many unanswered questions. Human brain development is a very complex, but also extremely structured process commencing the first weeks after conception and continuing for a very long time, even throughout adult life. As already mentioned fetal neurobehavior can be affected by many parameters and can be altered by environmental, racial, and maternal factors, by maternal disease, administration of drugs and neurotrophic agents, and many other factors. We analyze some special circumstances that affect fetal neurobehavior.
Cognitive functions in pregnant women; Aim: This review aims to analyze current evidence about how pregnancy and pathologies which occur during pregnancy may affect the function of a woman’s brain, and how those changes may influence cognitive functioning. Background: During pregnancy occur adaptive changes in a woman’s body which are necessary for proper fetal development. Pregnancy also induces structural and functional alterations within the brain. Cognitive functions are the group of mental processes responsible for learning or information processing; hence, their proper function is essential in daily living and achieving set goals. Literature shows evidence of deleterious effects on cognitive functions caused by conditions such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, obesity, or depression within the group on nonpregnant individuals. There are also studies evaluating cognitive functions in pregnancy complicated with various diseases (including pregnancy-related ones). Review results: Gathered publications show mixed results regarding cognitive functions in pregnancy and diseases associated with pregnancy. Results indicate a poorer function of cognitive domains in pregnant women, in contrast to nonpregnant ones, which may correlate with hormone levels. Regarding hypertensive disorders, data provide evidence of worse cognitive processing and greater risk of dementia in women with preeclampsia. The literature lacks evidence about the influence on cognition in women with gestational diabetes; however, diabetes mellitus show strong correlations with cognitive deterioration putatively associated with glucose metabolism dysfunction. Obese individuals show a decline in many cognitive domains, which may predispose them to further weight gain. Depression is associated with poorer cognitive performance; however, anxiety and depressive states may be responsible for subjective cognitive dysfunction during pregnancy. Conclusion: Research shows mixed results regarding the connection between cognition and both pregnancy-related diseases, which may stem from a lack of properly designed studies. Clinical significance: More research about cognitive functions and pregnancy is needed due to the growing prevalence of the abovementioned diseases and their harmful effect on brain function even long after delivery.
Ideal cardiovascular health and vascular phenotype associations in mothers with obesity and their six-year-old children; Background: Heredity and family-shared lifestyle contribute to cardiovascular risk, but the magnitude of their influence on arterial structure and function in early childhood is unknown. We aimed to assess associations between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health, maternal subclinical atherosclerosis, and child arterial phenotype. Methods: Cross-sectional analysis of 201 mother-child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) longitudinal cohort was done at child age 6.1 ± 0.5 years with assessments of ideal cardiovascular health (BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose, total cholesterol, diet quality, physical activity, smoking), body composi-tion, very-high frequency ultrasound of carotid arteries (25 and 35 MHz), and pulse wave velocity. Results: We found no association between child and maternal ideal cardiovascular health but report evidence of particular metrics correlations: total cholesterol (r=0.24, P=0.003), BMI (r=0.17, P=0.02), diastolic blood pressure (r=0.15, P=0.03), and diet quality (r=0.22, P=0.002). Child arterial phenotype was not associated with child or maternal ideal cardiovascular health. In the multivariable regression explanatory model adjusted for child sex, age, systolic blood pressure, lean body mass, and body fat percentage, child carotid intima-media thickness was independently associated only with maternal carotid intima-media thickness (0.1 mm increase [95% CI 0.05, 0.21, P=0.001] for each 1 mm increase in maternal carotid intima-media thickness). Children of mothers with subclini-cal atherosclerosis had decreased carotid artery distensibility (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.2 ± 0.2%/10 mmHg, P=0.01) and trend toward increased carotid intima-media thickness (0.37 ± 0.04 vs 0.35 ± 0.04 mm, P=0.06). Conclusion: Ideal Cardiovascular Health metrics are heterogeneously associated in mother-child pairs in early childhood. We found no evidence of child or maternal Ideal Cardiovascular Health effect on child arterial phenotype. Maternal carotid intima-media thickness predicts child carotid intima-media thickness, but the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Maternal subclinical atherosclerosis is associated with local carotid arterial stiffness in early childhood.
Pregnancy Following Heart Transplantation: A Single Centre Case Series and Review of the Literature; Background: Maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy amongst cardiac transplant recipients are limited in the current literature. Methods: We describe five pregnancies in three cardiac transplant recipients managed between a tertiary centre for obstetric medicine and an associated state-wide transplant centre between 2014-2018, and provide a narrative review of the literature. Results: Pre-conception counselling was undertaken. There were no recent rejection episodes and all women demonstrated good baseline cardiac function. Median maternal age was 27 years (range 23-38 yrs.). Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5 years (range 2-14 yrs.). All women were managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens and multidisciplinary care. Cardiac function, tacrolimus levels and renal function were closely monitored with frequent monitoring for common complications of pregnancy. There were no maternal or fetal deaths. There was no evidence of graft rejection and no deterioration in cardiac function. Tacrolimus doses were increased to maintain therapeutic targets. Gestational diabetes occurred in three women and cholestasis of pregnancy occurred in one. Each infant was delivered by vaginal delivery. One mother had postpartum haemorrhage in both pregnancies. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. Median gestation at delivery was 37 weeks (range 35+4-40+5 days) with two preterm deliveries. One (1) infant was born with low birth weight. One (1) infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. All infants were breastfed. Conclusion: Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and fetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and regular monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and possible teratogenic complications. Favourable pregnancy outcomes are achievable with specialist multidisciplinary care.
Could a family history of type 2 diabetes be a risk factor to the endothelial damage in the patient with COVID-19?; In December 2019, in China, a disease derived from a new beta coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) was reported, which was termed coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Currently, it is known that endothelial cell dysfunction is a critical event in the infection by this virus. However, in a representative percentage of patients with COVID-19, neither cardiovascular disease nor diabetes mellitus, which could be linked with endothelial dysfunction, has been reported. Previous evidence has shown the presence of early endothelial dysfunction in healthy subjects but with a family history of type 2 diabetes (FH-DM2), where glucose metabolism, the synthesis of nitric oxide (NO), reactive oxygen species (ROS), as well as expression of genes involved with their synthesis are impaired. Besides, in subjects with an FH-DM2, the presence of hyperinsulinemia and high glucose levels are common events that could favor the infection of endothelial cells by the coronavirus. Interestingly, both events have been reported in patients with COVID-19, in whom hyperinsulinemia increases the surface expression of ACE2 through a diminution of ADAMTS17 activity; whereas hyperglycemia induces higher expression of ACE2 in different tissues, including microvascular endothelial cells from the pancreatic islets, favoring chronic hyperglycemia and affecting the release of insulin. Therefore, we hypothesized that an FH-DM2 should be considered an important risk factor, since the individuals with this background develop an early endothelial dysfunction, which would increase the susceptibility and severity of infection and damage to the endothelium, in the patient infected with the SARS-CoV-2.
Maternal clinical characteristics and perinatal outcomes among pregnant women with coronavirus disease 2019. A systematic review; Objective: To describe the maternal clinical characteristics, maternal and perinatal outcomes in COVID-19-positive pregnant women. Methods: Articles in all languages on the SARS-CoV-2 infection in pregnant women were sought from MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Library and LILACS; China National Knowledge Infrastructure Database (CNKI), Chinese Science and Technology Periodical Database (VIP) and Wan Fang Data between December 1, 2019 and April 27, 2020. Bulletins and national reports were also searched. Results: From 12,168 retrieved articles, 143 were selected for full-text assessment; 33 for descriptive analyses, and 4 case-controls for meta-analysis. In 322 infected pregnant women, aged 20–45 years, the most frequent maternal comorbidity was obesity (24.2%). Forty-two (28.4%) were asymptomatic at admission. Cough (n = 148,59.7%) and fever (n = 147,59.3%) were the most prevalent symptoms. In the meta-analysis, fever (OR: 0.13,95% CI 0.05 to 0.36) and cough (0.26,95% CI 0.11 to 0.59) were lower in pregnant women with COVID-19 than non-pregnant women with COVID-19.195 (60.6%) delivered, and 125 (38.8%) remained pregnant during the study. Cesarean was reported in 99 (50.8%) women and vaginal delivery in 64 (32.8%). The main adverse obstetric outcome was premature birth (n = 37,18.9%). Thirty patients (10.3%) with COVID-19-related complications required intensive care, one (0.3%) died. SARS-CoV-2 was absent in breast milk, amniotic fluid, placenta or umbilical cord blood. Conclusions: The maternal clinical characteristics of COVID-19-positive pregnant include frequently fever and cough; however significantly less frequently than non-pregnant women with COVID-19. Iatrogenic preterm birth is the main adverse obstetric outcome. Current data does not support vertical transmission in the third trimester.
Adult giant hydronephrosis diagnosed in the second trimester of pregnancy: A case report and literature review; Adult giant hydronephrosis in a normally sited kidney is unusual during pregnancy. The most frequent cause is congenital obstruction at the ureteropelvic junction. Ultrasound accompanied by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are valuable in reaching the diagnosis, especially when clinical assessment of an abdominal mass is inconclusive regarding aetiology. We report a case of giant hydronephrosis in a woman who presented at 23 weeks of gestation with abdominal distension. She was managed conservatively. Unfortunately, the pregnancy was complicated by severe pre-eclampsia at 32 weeks of gestation, necessitating delivery via emergency caesarean section. She had a smooth postpartum recovery, and subsequently standard imaging was performed before nephrectomy. The literature and previously reported cases of giant hydronephrosis in pregnancy are reviewed.
Longitudinal assessment of ventricular strain, tricuspid and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE and MAPSE) in fetuses from pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To evaluate fetal cardiac function using myocardial deformation analyses, tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE), mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) and diastolic function parameters in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus. Methods: Myocardial deformation using velocity vector imaging (VVI), TAPSE, MAPSE and diastolic function was measured in 126 women with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 50 women with diabetes mellitus. Women underwent ultrasound scans every four weeks from recruitment (18–28 weeks gestational age) until delivery. Results: Left ventricle strain and strain rate, right ventricle strain and strain rate, TAPSE, MAPSE and diastolic parameters were not different between the diabetic cohort and controls throughout gestation. We did not find any significant correlation between the fetal cardiac function parameters with parity or smoking status. There was however a significant difference in strain and strain rate values in the left ventricle, but not the right ventricle in women with BMI >30 kg/m2, and reduced TAPSE values in this same group. Fetuses in the diabetes group had thicker interventricular septum (IVS) throughout gestation. Conclusion: Myocardial deformation of the fetal left ventricle, as measured by VVI, and TAPSE were reduced in fetuses of mothers in association with maternal obesity but not in women with diabetes mellitus. No significant differences in the fetal cardiac function parameters measured were different between the two groups, except for IVS thickness.
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2020) 14(4) (385–393), (S1871402120300825), (10.1016/j.dsx.2020.04.017)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Diabetes in the practice of otolaryngology” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1141–1150] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0062. “Quality of life in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus with diabetic retinopathy: A caseâ€“control study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 947–952] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.0123. “Prevalence and predictors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease in prediabetes” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2957–2960] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0604. “Association between lifestyle habits and adiposity values among children exposed and unexposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2947–2952] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0535. “Association between components of the metabolic syndrome and degree of cervical squamous intraepithelial lesions in Cuban women” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1443–1448] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.02.0116. “Prediction and early detection of cardiovascular disease in South Asians with diabetes mellitus” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (4): 385–393] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.04.0177. “Glycemic and lipids control in patients with diabetes and cardiovascular or renal diseases across all the government health sectors in the Emirate of Dubai, United Arab Emirates” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 590–594] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0138. “Screening for prediabetes and risk of periodontal disease” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1661–1666] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.0069. “The rate of progression of type 2 diabetes mellitus to end stage renal disease â€“ A single centred retrospective study from Malaysia” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (6): 1025–1030] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.06.01810. “Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in Iran: A meta-analysis of 69 studies” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 792–799] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.05511. “Behavioral and familial predictors of diabetes mellitus in adults aged 20â€“69 in Yazd, Iran during 2014â€“2015” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (5): 667–671] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.04.00212. “Short-term predictors of amputation in patients with diabetic foot ulcers” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (6): 875–879] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.05.00713. “Quality of life and metabolic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus diagnosed individuals” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2827–2832] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.06214. “A multicentre study evaluating the risk and prevalence of diabetic retinopathy in children and young people with type 1 diabetes mellitus” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 744–746] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.06315. “Risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus using results of a prospective population-based study in Iranian pregnant women” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (5): 721–725] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.04.014
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2019) 13(3) (1705–1715), (S1871402119301316), (10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.024)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Change in insulin resistance, beta cell function, glucagon-like peptide-1 and calcitonin levels two weeks after bariatric surgery” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2142–2147] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0022. “Association of glycemic status and interferon-Î³ production with leukocytes and platelet indices alterations in type2 diabetes” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 1963–1969] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.0463. “Association of demographic and socioeconomic characteristics with body mass index of outpatient diabetic adults attending a tertiary health facility in Enugu, Nigeria” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1071–1076] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0264. “Measurement of the serum levels of serum troponins I and T, albumin and C-Reactive protein in chronic hemodialysis patients and their relationship with left ventricular hypertrophy and heart failure” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 522–525] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0295. “Augmentation of IL-6 production contributes to development of gestational diabetes mellitus: An Indian study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (2): 895–899] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.0236. “Prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in India: A systematic review (1994â€“2018)” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (5): 897–906] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.05.0407. “Strategies to ameliorate endothelial dysfunction associated with metabolic syndrome, where are we?” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2164–2169] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0058. “Prevalence and predictors of metabolic syndrome in drug naÃ¯ve bipolar patients” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 12–17] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.08.0139. “Diabetes and diabetes care among non-obese South Asian Americans: Findings from a population-based study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 96–102] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.08.02510. “Assessment of iodine supplementation program on thyroid function in Sudan” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 678–680] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.03611. “Hypertension and diabetes mellitus as a predictive risk factors for stroke” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (4): 577–584] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.03.00912. “Determining frequency and pattern of infections associated with diabetes based educational hospitals in Ahvaz city; Iran” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (4): 2441–2444] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.06.01213. “C-peptide concentrations in patients with type 2 diabetes treated with insulin” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (6): 3099–3104] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.11.01014. “Prevalence of metabolic syndrome in Gwalior region of Central India: A comparative study using NCEP ATP III, IDF and Harmonized criteria” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 816–821] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.12.00315. “Prevalence of overweight and obesity in the adult indigenous population in Brazil: A systematic review with meta-analysis” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 1705–1715] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.024
Erratum regarding missing Declaration of Competing Interest statements in previously published articles (Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews (2019) 13(3) (2037–2039), (S1871402119302176), (10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.026)); Declaration of Competing Interest statements were not included in published version of the following articles that appeared in previous issues of Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews. Hence, the authors of the below articles were contacted after publication to request a Declaration of Interest statement: 1. “Evaluation of ADL and BMI in the management of diabetes mellitus at secondary and tertiary health facilities” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2266–2271] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.05.0332. “Prevalence and predictors of vitamin D insufficiency in adult population of yazd â€“ The sun province in center of Iran” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (5): 2843–2847] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0503. “A case control study of clinical and biochemical parameters of metabolic syndrome with special attention among young and middle aged population” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (4): 2653–2659] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.07.0314. “Metabolically healthy status and BMI in relation to depression: AÂ systematic review of observational studies” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1099–1103] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.01.0275. “Association between high blood pressure with risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and its predictors: A cross-sectional study” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (2): 1549–1554] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.0656. “Predictors of metformin failure in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (3): 405–410] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.01.0037. “The potential of transdermal nitric oxide treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy and diabetic foot ulcers” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (5): 3053–3056] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.07.0038. “Recent advances in nanotechnology for the treatment of metabolic syndrome” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (2): 1561–1568] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.03.0029. “A comparative study of prevalence and predictors of metabolic syndrome in various psychiatric disorders in state of Haryana: More than 30â€¯yearsâ€¯Vs. less than 30â€¯years” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 13 (1): 510–516] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2018.11.00210. “Vitamin D status of Turkish type 1 diabetic patients” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2019; 13 (3): 2037–2039] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2019.04.02611. “Descriptive epidemiology of metabolic syndrome among obese adolescent population” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2018; 12 (3): 369–374] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2017.12.02612. “Cardiovascular disease and COVID-19” [Diabetes & Metabolic Syndrome: Clinical Research & Reviews, 2020; 14 (3): 247–250] https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dsx.2020.03.013
Dyslipemias and pregnancy, an update; During pregnancy there is a physiological increase in total cholesterol (TC) and triglycerides (TG) plasma concentrations, due to increased insulin resistance, oestrogens, progesterone, and placental lactogen, although their reference values are not exactly known, TG levels can increase up to 300 mg/dL, and TC can go as high as 350 mg/dL. When the cholesterol concentration exceeds the 95th percentile (familial hypercholesterolaemia (FH) and transient maternal hypercholesterolaemia), there is a predisposition to oxidative stress in foetal vessels, exposing the newborn to a greater fatty streaks formation and a higher risk of atherosclerosis. However, the current treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidaemia consists of a diet and suspension of lipid-lowering drugs. The most prevalent maternal hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG) is due to secondary causes, like diabetes, obesity, drugs, etc. The case of severe HTG due to genetic causes is less prevalent, and can be a higher risk of maternal-foetal complications, such as, acute pancreatitis (AP), pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, and gestational diabetes. Severe HTG-AP is a rare but potentially lethal pregnancy complication, for the mother and the foetus, usually occurs during the third trimester or in the immediate postpartum period, and there are no specific protocols for its diagnosis and treatment. In conclusion, it is crucial that dyslipidaemia during pregnancy must be carefully evaluated, not just because of the acute complications, but also because of the future cardiovascular morbidity and mortality of the newborn child. That is why the establishment of consensus protocols or guidelines is essential for its management.
Mediterranean diets and diabetes; Mediterranean diets (MDs) are recommended by some authorities for the prevention and management of diabetes, although there is some confusion about the definition and components of MDs. This narrative review explores the definition role of MDs in diabetes. Meta-analyses of prospective cohort studies and randomised controlled trials reported that MD was effective for the prevention of type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes (GDM). In the management of type 2 diabetes, MD significantly improved glycaemic control and reduced body weight and cardiovascular disease risk. There was insufficient evidence for prevention or management of type 1 diabetes in adults or children and for the management of GDM. Copyright © 2021 John Wiley & Sons.
Long-term outcomes of pregnant women with pulmonary hypertension diagnosed by echocardiography: a retrospective cohort study in a single center from China; Recent studies suggest that pregnancy may not be absolutely contraindicated in women with moderate pulmonary hypertension. We aimed to evaluate the long-term outcomes of pregnant women with pulmonary hypertension diagnosed by echocardiography in our clinical department. Pregnant women with pulmonary hypertension, diagnosed by a pulmonary systolic arterial pressure > 30 mmHg via echocardiography, who were admitted in our department for termination of pregnancy or delivery between 2004 and 2016 were included in this retrospective cohort study. Demographic characteristics, clinical histories, perinatal outcomes, and follow-up outcomes after discharge were reported. The primary outcome was survival of the pregnant women after discharge. A total of 88 pregnant women with pulmonary hypertension were included in this cohort study. The women were categorized into severe and moderate pulmonary hypertension groups according to their pulmonary systolic arterial pressure at admission. Women with severe pulmonary hypertension were significantly more likely to have deteriorated cardiac function and higher incidence of neonatal complications during the perinatal periods (p < 0.05). During a median follow-up of 26 months, the mortality rate was significantly higher in women with severe pulmonary hypertension (p < 0.05). However, the accumulated survival rate was >90% for women with moderate pulmonary hypertension within the follow-up period. Multivariate Cox regression analyses showed that poor cardiac function before pregnancy, irregular antenatal care, and hyperuricemia were independent mortality risk factors for women with pulmonary hypertension after discharge. In conclusion, the long-term survival of pregnant women with moderate pulmonary hypertension diagnosed by echocardiography was considered acceptable in this cohort. Our findings suggest that pregnancy might not be absolutely contraindicated in women with moderate pulmonary hypertension.
Study of incidence and risk factors of surgical site infections in lower segment caesarean section cases of tertiary care hospital of north India; Objectives: To determine the incidence density, risk factors and common pathogens associated with surgical site infections (SSI) following lower segment caesarean section (LSCS) surgeries. Methods: In this Non-interventional prospective observational study, a total of 611 post caesarean emergency and elective cases were enrolled among the 1018 LSCS cases conducted for the period of May–August 2016. The demographic, risk factors and clinical data for appearance of signs and symptoms of SSI were recorded in a preformatted proforma. SSI's were classified as superficial, deep and organ space as per Centre for Disease Control (CDC), USA definitions. Pus specimens were processed and antimicrobial susceptibility results of the organisms were determined as standard microbiological techniques. Results: The SSI rate was found to be 10.3 per 100 surgeries in our study with superficial SSI (66.7%) being most common. Inappropriate pre-surgical antibiotic prophylaxis, anaemia, previous LSCS as indication of LSCS, intra-operative blood transfusion and comorbid illness like heart disease, hypothyroidism, chronic liver and kidney disease were found to be significantly associated with SSI. Predominance of gram negative isolates (55.3%) was seen in comparison to gram positive isolates (44.7%) as cause of surgical site infections. Conclusions: SSIs rates observed are much higher than those observed in NHSN participating hospitals. Many of the risk factors identified are low hanging fruits and can be targeted to effectively reduce SSI rates.
Left posterior fascicular ventricular tachycardia in a young infant with a structurally normal heart: Clinical course and caveats to electrocardiographic diagnosis; In this illustrative case report, we describe a rare case of left posterior fascicular ventricular tachycardia (LPFVT) in a 2 month-old infant with emphasis on electrocardiographic caveats to diagnosis. The clinical course, treatment, and eventual resolution of the VT over a 2 year follow-up is comprehensively compared and contrasted to a modicum of individual such case reports of infants. The corpus of each such case of infantile LPVT is systematically reviewed and succinctly summarized in a tabular compendium. The collective knowledge compiled here should allow for a refined approach to diagnosis and management of this unusual arrhythmia.
Pregnancy outcomes of refractory epilepsy patients treated with Brain–responsive neurostimulation; Objective: To study the pregnancy outcomes, including obstetric complications and fetal outcomes, in pregnant women with epilepsy (WWE) treated with direct brain–responsive neurostimulation (RNS System). Methods: Retrospective review of obstetric outcomes and fetal outcomes in WWE treated with the RNS System at nine comprehensive epilepsy centers in the United States from 2014–2020. In addition, changes in seizure frequency, anti-seizure medications, and RNS System setting adjustments during pregnancy were investigated. Results: A total of 10 subjects and 14 pregnancies were identified. The mean age at conception was 30.6 ± 4.3 years old. The mean age at implantation was 29.8 ± 4.4 years old. The mean stimulation charge densities ranged from 1.0 to 3.0 μC/cm2 during pregnancy. Obstetric complications included recurrent miscarriage (1 patient), cesarean section (3 patients) due to preeclampsia, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing or prolonged labor, preterm birth (1 patient), and preeclampsia (1 patient). No still birth, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, eclampsia, or maternal mortality were observed. No RNS System-exposed pregnancies had major congenital malformations. One offspring had a minor congenital anomaly of cryptorchidism in a pregnancy complicated with risk factors of advanced maternal age and bicornuate uterus. Significance: The present study is the first report of RNS System-exposed pregnancies in WWE to date. No major congenital malformations were identified. All of the obstetric complications were within the expected range of those in WWE based on previously published data. The sample size of our study is small, so accumulation of additional cases will further help depict the safety profile of treatment with the RNS System during pregnancy.
Pregnancy outcome in women with different rheumatic diseases: a retrospective analysis; Objective: Pregnancy may influence the course of inflammatory rheumatic diseases and, conversely, rheumatic and musculoskeletal diseases (RMDs) can affect the outcome of pregnancy. This study aimed to retrospectively analyse the outcome of pregnancy and disease in women with RMDs. Method: Subjects were patients with high-risk pregnancy and connective tissue diseases (CTDs) or inflammatory joint diseases (IJDs) managed at a specialized rheumatology outpatient clinic from 2007 to 2014. Data from conception to 6 months postpartum were collected from medical records and a questionnaire, and analysed regarding clinical symptoms, medications, pregnancy complications, birth outcomes, and infant development. Generalized estimating equations were used to compare the groups (CTD vs IJD). Results: The eligible 66 pregnancies in 57 RMD patients were divided into two groups by RMD type: CTD (n = 48) or IJD (n = 18). The live birth rate was 97% overall. Pregnancy complications (excluding two twin pregnancies) were incurred in 39.1%: miscarriage (n = 2), premature delivery (n = 12), small-for-gestational-age infants (n = 5), and/or pregnancy-related diseases (n = 14). Three children born to women with CTDs had affected development (autism spectrum disorder, congenital heart disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia). CTD infants had a significantly lower mean gestational age (in weeks) (p = 0.042), weight (p = 0.009), and length (p = 0.016) at birth than IJD infants. Conclusion: Although the live birth rate was high, complications occurred in 39.1% of pregnancies in this cohort. Therefore, interdisciplinary management of pregnant women with RMDs at specialized clinics is strongly recommended.
Postpartum counseling in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk across the lifespan. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Heart Association emphasize the postpartum period as an important opportunity to identify and intervene women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease. Objective: This study aimed to determine the proportion of women with documented counseling on risks and transitions of care after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at the postpartum visit. Study Design: This was a retrospective longitudinal descriptive study of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy who were enrolled in a text-based blood pressure program from September 2018 to February 2019. We abstracted counseling in the discharge summary and postpartum note from the electronic medical record. The primary outcome was counseling at the postpartum visit defined as documentation of (1) follow-up with primary care or cardiology, (2) risk of cardiovascular disease, or (3) recommendation for aspirin in a future pregnancy. We assessed demographic and clinical factors that may influence counseling through multivariable logistic regression. We also compared the proportion of women counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy vs contraception and glucose tolerance tests at the postpartum visit. Results: Of 320 eligible women, most women had gestational hypertension or preeclampsia without severe features (64%). Postpartum visits were scheduled in our hospital system for 284 women, of whom 253 attended (89%). Documented counseling occurred for 62 women (25%). Counseling on follow-up with primary care or cardiology, cardiovascular disease risk, and aspirin in future pregnancies was documented for 51 (20%), 15 (6%), and 1 (0.4%), respectively. Only 1 woman had documented counseling on all 3 components. In multivariable analysis, black race remained an independent factor that increased the likelihood of counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio, 2.77; 95% confidence interval, 1.32–5.83). Women were significantly less likely to be counseled on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy than on contraceptives (99%, P<.001) or glucose tolerance testing after gestational diabetes mellitus (79%, P<.001). Conclusion: Postpartum counseling on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy merits urgent improvement efforts among obstetrical care providers.
The effect of real-time polymerase chain reaction cycle threshold values on perinatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19; Objective: To evaluate the effect of cycle threshold (Ct) values on the pregnancy outcomes of women with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). Materials and methods: This prospective cohort study was conducted on pregnant women with COVID-19. A real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay of a nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal specimen was used for the diagnosis. Initial Ct values for severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) RT-PCR tests were recorded. 22.9 was the 50th percentile Ct value of the study population. The study population was divided into two groups based on their Ct values: (1) Cases with Higher Ct values (Ct > 22.9)(n = 50) and (2) Cases with lower Ct values (Ct ≤ 22.9)(n = 55). Demographic features, clinical characteristics, disease progression, laboratory test results and pregnancy outcomes were compared between the groups. A receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used to assess the performance of Ct values in predicting obstetric complications. Results: Obstetric complication rate was significantly higher in cases with lower Ct values (p <.001). A significantly lower lymphocyte count together with higher ESR, procalcitonin and IL-6 values were observed in the cases with lower Ct values (p >.05). Additionally, a significantly higher NICU admission rate and longer hospital stays were present in the cases with lower Ct values (p >.05). The value in ROC curves with the best balance of sensitivity/specificity was 22.5 (85.7% sensitivity, 63.6% specificity). Conclusion: Lower Ct values may be associated with an increased rate of obstetric complications in pregnant women with COVID-19. Physicians should be cautious in the management of cases with Ct levels below 22.5.
Approach to the Patient with MODY-Monogenic Diabetes; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young, or MODY-monogenic diabetes, is a not-so-rare collection of inherited disorders of non-autoimmune diabetes mellitus that remains insufficiently diagnosed despite increasing awareness. These cases are important to efficiently and accurately diagnose, given the clinical implications of syndromic features, cost-effective treatment regimen, and the potential impact on multiple family members. Proper recognition of the clinical manifestations, family history, and cost-effective lab and genetic testing provide the diagnosis. All patients must undergo a thorough history, physical examination, multigenerational family history, lab evaluation (glycated hemoglobin A1c [HbA1c], glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies [GADA], islet antigen 2 antibodies [IA-2A], and zinc transporter 8 [ZnT8] antibodies). The presence of clinical features with 3 (or more) negative antibodies may be indicative of MODY-monogenic diabetes, and is followed by genetic testing. Molecular genetic testing should be performed before attempting specific treatments in most cases. Additional testing that is helpful in determining the risk of MODY-monogenic diabetes is the MODY clinical risk calculator (>25% post-test probability in patients not treated with insulin within 6 months of diagnosis should trigger genetic testing) and 2-hour postprandial (after largest meal of day) urinary C-peptide to creatinine ratio (with a ≥0.2 nmol/mmol to distinguish HNF1A- or 4A-MODY from type 1 diabetes). Treatment, as well as monitoring for microvascular and macrovascular complications, is determined by the specific variant that is identified. In addition to the diagnostic approach, this article will highlight recent therapeutic advancements when patients no longer respond to first-line therapy (historically sulfonylurea treatment in many variants). Learning Objectives: Upon completion of this educational activity, participants should be able to: Identify risk factors and learn when to suspect MODY-monogenic diabetes Obtain appropriate diagnostic testing and evaluation prior to treatment Determine appropriate monitoring and treatment for microvascular and macrovascular comorbidities Recognize the recommended approach to treatment and monitoring that was performed in a patient with MODY-monogenic diabetes. Target Audience: This continuing medical education activity should be of substantial interest to endocrinologists and all health care professionals who care for people with diabetes mellitus.
Echocardiography evaluation of bronchopulmonary dysplasia-associated pulmonary hypertension: a retrospective observational cohort study; Background: Echocardiography has poor accuracy in grading the severity of pulmonary hypertension (PH) compared to cardiac catheterization. However, the relationship between degree of PH and prognostic outcomes remains uncertain. Our primary objective was to determine whether echocardiogram-assessed PH severity is associated with mortality and hospital readmission in the first year of life. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of infants born less than 32 weeks of gestational age with bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD) underwent echocardiography was performed. Echocardiograms were performed at 36–38 weeks postmenstrual age. Data during hospitalization and post-discharge collected at 1-year age were analyzed with cox regression models and logistic regression models to identify the association of PH severity with mortality and readmission. Area under curve (AUC) was calculated to examine the accuracy of these models to reflect the likelihood of outcomes. Results: Fifty-six of 237 (23.6%) infants were diagnosed as PH. Moderate and severe PH was significantly associated with mortality during the first one year of life (moderate PH vs. none HR =26.58, 95% CI: 4.40–160.78, P<0.001; severe PH vs. none HR =36.49, 95% CI: 5.65–235.84, P<0.001). Male, preeclampsia and inhaled nitric oxide were also associated with mortality. Mild PH was significantly associated with readmission (OR =2.42, 95% CI: 1.12–5.26, P=0.025), but not associated with mortality (HR =2.09, 95% CI: 0.43–10.18, P=0.36). The PH severity model based on echocardiography accurately informed mortality (AUC 0.79). Conclusions: Echocardiogram-assessed PH severity is associated with prognostic outcomes, including mortality and readmission in very preterm infants with BPD. The severity of PH based on echocardiography is a potential predictor of mortality in the first year of life.
Comparison of QT interval between neonates with maternal gestational diabetes and healthy mothers; Background: The risk of developing metabolic syndrome and diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, has been increased as a worldwide rise in obesity. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or maternal hyperglycemia is a risk factor for cardiac dysfunction in neonates. The present study compared the QT interval in neonates with maternal GDM and healthy mothers. Methods: This case-control study was carried out on term neonates with maternal GDM (case group; n=42) and healthy non-diabetic mothers (control group; n=42) in Sayyad-e-Shirazi hospital in Gorgan, Northeast of Iran, within March 2016 and February 2017. A pediatric cardiologist evaluated septal hypertrophy by Doppler echocardiography (Zonare ZS3) during the first 2 weeks after birth. A standard 12-lead electrocardiogram was recorded for 10 sec, and a corrected QT (QTc) value was calculated. The data were analyzed by the latest version of SPSS software (version 16) using the Chi-square and t-test for the assessment of the differences in the QT values and other indices between the two groups. P-values less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: The results of the present study showed congenital heart diseases (CHDs) in six neonates. Significantly higher QT (249±36 and 245± 28 ms), septal thickness (6.09±1.07 and 5±1 mm), and lower QTc value (382±44.06 and 392± 34 ms) were observed in the case group, compared to those reported for the control group (P<0.001). The QTc dispersion was significantly different between the subjects under insulin therapy and participants receiving an antihyperglycemic oral regimen. Conclusion: In this study, significant thicker cardiac septum and higher QT interval were observed in the neonates born from mothers with GDM in comparison to those from healthy mothers. This could suggest close cardiac monitoring of these neonates due to the higher probability of CHDs.
Maternal and Perinatal Outcome of Maternal Obesity at RSCM in 2014-2019; Obesity is a pandemic found in many countries. It is estimated that, in 2025, more than 21% of women in the world will suffer from obesity and its number keeps increasing yearly. Obesity in pregnancy is one of the important challenges in obstetric services given the prevalence and potential adverse effects on the mother and fetus. Obese women have a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, postpartum hemorrhage, cesarean delivery, and maternal death. The aim of this research is to determine the prevalence of maternal and perinatal complication in various obesity grades. This research was an observational descriptive study using the cross-sectional design. The inclusion criterion is obese pregnant women whose delivery was done in Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo National General Hospital (RSCM) from 2014 to 2019. The exclusion criterion in this study is the incomplete medical record. A total of 111 subjects were included in the study. Obesity grades in this study were based on World Health Organization (WHO) obesity, divided into 3 classifications which are obese I (30-34.9 kg/m2), obese II (35-39.9 kg/m2), and obese III (≥40 kg/m2). Maternal outcomes in this study were birth method, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and premature rupture of membrane (PROM). Perinatal outcomes in this study were preterm birth, birth weight, APGAR score, and postdelivery neonatal care. In this study, obese patients had a mean age of 31.23 years, mean gravida 2, parity 1, and abortion 0. Most of these patients used an intrauterine device (IUD) for family planning (74.8%). There were no differences in age, parity status, and family planning methods in each group of patients with different body mass index (p>0.05). Maternal characteristics are the majority of deliveries performed cesarean delivery (86.5%), cases of diabetes mellitus are more common in obese I patients (50%), preeclampsia is more prevalent in obese grade II patients (34,4%), and premature rupture of membranes (PROM) is more common in patients with obese II (52,4%). However, there was no difference in the prevalence of maternal outcomes between groups. There was a median gestational age of 37 weeks in all obesity grades, the highest percentage of preterm births owned by obese II patients (32,6%), the mean birth weight of babies tends to increase along with the weighting of the body mass index group, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) treatment rooms were mostly occupied from mother with obese II groups (18%). There was no difference in the first-minute and fifth-minute APGAR scores between study groups (p>0.05). There were no differences in perinatal outcomes between groups. There were no significant differences in maternal and perinatal outcomes prevalence between different obesity grades. However, the rate of maternal and perinatal complications in obese women is higher than the normal population, thus requiring sophisticated prevention and approach toward handling the pregnancy.
A case of newly diagnosed autoimmune diabetes in pregnancy presenting after acute onset of diabetic ketoacidosis; We present a case of immune-mediated diabetes mellitus, diagnosed in pregnancy upon presentation with diabetic ketoacidosis, found to have normal glucose control postpartum. A 28-year-old medically uncomplicated G1P0 presented in diabetic ketoacidosis at 28.2 weeks gestation. Workup for pancreatic autoantibodies revealed indeterminate anti-islet cell antibodies and positive anti-glutamic acid antibodies. She was stabilized with intravenous fluids and insulin, and transitioned to long and short acting subcutaneous insulin. Her insulin requirements decreased over the course of her pregnancy. Spontaneous vaginal delivery occurred at 37 weeks. Her postpartum glucose control was normal without re-initiation of insulin. The diagnosis of diabetic ketoacidosis during pregnancy should prompt further investigation into an underlying diagnosis of immune mediated diabetes. These patients should be followed closely in the postpartum period.
A case report of COVID-19 infection and management during pregnancy; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) which started in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, and progressed to a pandemic affecting over 210 countries and territories including the United States. The severity of symptoms range from mild to critical disease involving multi-organ failure; however, many pregnant COVID-19 patients have mild symptoms. The understanding of COVID-19 is evolving and there is limited data about its effects in pregnancy. This case series features two pregnant patients with COVID-19 with a range of symptoms, including fever, non-productive cough, headache, and worsening dyspnea. Both patients had chest x-ray findings notable for lung opacities, and lymphopenia was a consistent abnormal laboratory finding. Both of the patients had hypoxia which was treated with hydroxychloroquine and lopinavir-ritonavir with significant improvement in clinical symptoms and prolongation of pregnancy.
Review of pregnancy in Crohn’s disease and ulcerative colitis; Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) frequently affects women of childbearing age and can have implications in pregnancy. Most women with IBD have comparable fertility with women in the general population. Fertility is reduced in women with active disease or previous ileal-pouch–anal anastomosis (IPAA) surgery and is temporarily reduced in men taking sulfasalazine. Women with IBD have an increased risk of preterm delivery, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age infants and Cesarean section (CS) delivery, however, no increased risk of congenital abnormalities. These adverse outcomes are particularly prevalent for women with active IBD compared with those with quiescent disease. Conception should occur during disease remission to optimize maternal and fetal outcomes and reduce the risk of disease exacerbations during pregnancy. Pre-conception counseling is therefore pertinent to provide patient education, medication review for risk of teratogenicity and objective disease assessment. Most medications are safe during pregnancy and breastfeeding, with the exception of methotrexate, ciclosporin, allopurinol and tofacitinib. Delivery modality should be guided by obstetric factors in most cases; however, CS is recommended for women with active perianal disease and can be considered for women with inactive perianal disease or IPAA. In conclusion, most women with IBD have uncomplicated pregnancies. Active IBD is the predominant predictor of poor outcomes and disease exacerbations; therefore, maintenance of disease remission during and before pregnancy is crucial.
Expert consensus on telemedicine management of diabetes (2020 edition); Diabetes is a chronic disease that is very suitable for telemedicine management. Owing to the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telemedicine management of diabetes is particularly important. This consensus proposes 38 recommendations for key issues in telemedicine management of diabetes and provides preliminary specifications for diabetes management. It is recommended to use the most current information and communication technologies for telemanagement of patients’ diet, exercise, behavior, and drug therapy. A strategy for drug therapy that is more suitable for telemedicine management of diabetes than previous ones is established. During online follow-up visits, major changes of antihyperglycemic agents must be avoided, and treatment modification should be done in a stepwise manner. Greater attention should be paid to the occurrence and prevention of hypoglycemia, in addition to educating patients about the side effects of the drugs used and encouraging them to actively report adverse drug reactions. Conditions are clarified under which online follow-up visits must be terminated and in-person visits or emergency visits must be initiated. Telemedicine can improve the management level and control rate of diabetes. The present consensus for the standardized diagnosis and treatment of diabetes can reduce the potential risks of telemedicine management, yield great benefits to patients, and reduce chronic complications and comorbidities.
Maternal prepregnancy weight and pregnancy outcomes in saudi women: Subgroup analysis from riyadh mother and baby cohort study (RAHMA); The objectives of this study were to estimate the prevalence of prepregnancy overweight/obesity and underweight among Saudi mothers and to determine the adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with them. Methods. This is a subgroup analysis from a Riyadh mother and baby cohort study. Participants were divided into four groups according to prepregnancy BMI. Participants with normal BMI were the reference group. Groups were compared in relation to pregnancy-related obstetric, as well as fetal and neonatal complications. A regression model was used to control for covariates, and adjusted odds ratios (AOR) with 95% Confidence Intervals (95% CI) were calculated. Results. A total of 7,029 women were included, 29.7% had normal BMI, 33.3% were overweight, 34.8% were obese, and 2.2% were underweight. Obesity was associated with increased odds of gestational diabetes (AOR 2.07, 95% CI 1.73-2.47), hypertensive events in pregnancy (AOR 2.33, 95% CI 1.19-3.91), induction of labour (IOL) (AOR 1.40, 95% CI, 1.19-1.65), failed IOL (AOR 2.13, 95% CI 1.40-3.25), and delivery by emergency caesarean section (CS) (AOR 1.67, 95% CI 1.39-2.01). Infants of obese women had increased odds of macrosomia (AOR 3.73, 95% CI 2.33-5.98). Overweight women had increased odds of CS delivery (AOR 1.25, 95% CI 1.03-1.5) and failed IOL (AOR 1.69, 95% CI 1.09- 2.60). Underweight women had increased odds of delivering a low birth weight (LBW) infant (AOR 2.49, 95% CI, 1.58-3.92). Conclusion. The prevalence of prepregnancy overweight and obesity is very high in Saudi Arabia. Prepregnancy obesity is associated with GDM and hypertensive events inpregnancy, IOL, failed IOL, and CS delivery. Infants of obese mothers were at higher risk of macrosomia, while underweight women were at increased risk of delivering LBW infants.
Scimitar syndrome - A case report; The aim of this article is to describe a clinical case of Scimitar syndrome, an unusual cause of respiratory distress in the neonatal period. This syndrome is a rare form of partial or total anomalous right lung venous drainage to the inferior caval vein, usually associated with right pulmonary hypoplasia. The authors report a case of a 36-week-old newborn admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit with worsening respiratory distress. Chest radiography revealed a characteristic right pulmonary hypoplasia and a tubular structure paralleling the right heart border in the shape of a Turkish sword ("scimitar"). Chest computed tomography angiography confirmed the diagnosis. Age of presentation and the severe malformations found, contributed to the patient's poor outcome in this case.
Application effect of sevoflurane in the cesarean section of pregnant women with pernicious placenta previa and its influence on maternal hemodynamics; Objective: To evaluate the application effect of sevoflurane in pregnant women with pernicious placenta previa who conduct the cesarean section and its influence on maternal hemodynamics. Methods: A total of 94 women with pernicious placenta previa (PPP) admitted to our hospital were recruited in this study. They were randomly divided into two groups, with 47 each group. The control group was given ketamine, propofol and rocuronium while the observation group was given sevoflurane base on conventional general anesthesia. The available data, intraoperative indexes, coagulation function before and after operation, hemodynamics, umbilical arterial partial pressure of oxygen and carbon dioxide before the procedure (T0), 5 min after anesthesia (T1), 15 min after anesthesia (T2) and during fetal delivery (T4) were observed. The Apgar scores of 1 min, 5 min and 10 min after birth were recorded. Results: No significant difference was seen in related indicators during operation and blood coagulation function before and after the operation between the two groups (P>0.05). The diastolic blood pressure and systolic blood pressure decreased at T1, T2 and T3 compared with T0 time (P<0.05). The decrease was more evident in the control group than in the observation group (P<0.001). The mean arterial pressure in the two groups at T1, T2 and T3 was higher than that at T0 (P<0.05). At T2, the increase in the control group was more obvious than that in the observation group (P<0.001). The heart rate at T1 and T2 was higher than that at T0 (P<0.05). Compared with the control group, the oxygen pressure increased and the carbon dioxide pressure decreased in the observation group (P<0.001). The Apgar score of the observation group was higher than that of the control group at 1 min and 5 min (P<0.001). Conclusion: Sevoflurane can stabilize hemodynamics, improve neonatal oxygen uptake rate and increase the safety of operation without affecting coagulation function, which is worthy of clinical application.
Assessment of early markers of cardiovascular risk in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous syndrome, with long-term sequelae from birth to senescence. The long-term effects of PCOS are attributed to several metabolic aberrations ensuing the syndrome. In a systematic review of literature regarding the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany PCOS, we found that macrovascular function has been assessed by flow-mediated dilatation (FMD), microvascular function by venous occlusion plethysmography (VOP), and arterial structure by ultrasonographic assessment of intima-media thickness (IMT) usually of the carotid artery. Contradictory results have been reported; however, in most studies, endothelial dysfunction, an early marker of atherosclerosis assessed either by haemodynamic methods such as FMD or by biochemical methods such as endothelin-1 levels, was found to be impaired. VOP is a less-studied method, with few indices altered. IMT was found to be altered in most of the included studies, but the population was more heterogeneous. Inflammatory markers, including C-reactive protein, were also found to be altered in most studies. On the other hand, a number of interventions have been shown beneficial for the markers of cardiovascular risk, in the context of insulin-sensitizers. However, other interventions such as oral contraceptive pills or statins did not consistently show a similar beneficial effect. In summary, the early identification and eventual treatment of cardiovascular clinical and biochemical risk factors may be used in clinical practice to prevent potential 'silent' triggers of cardiovascular disease.
Developmental consequences of children born from mothers with telbivudine treatment during late pregnancy: A prospective study with 3-year follow-up; We prospectively investigated the neurological development in infants born from mothers treated with telbivudine (LdT) in the third trimester for prevention of hepatitis B virus (HBV) mother-to-infant transmission. Mothers with high HBV load were assigned to either the LdT group (n = 81, 600 mg of LdT each day from gestational week 28 to delivery) or the Control group (n = 39, untreated). Their infants were followed for 36 months to assess physical and neurological developments with Gesell Developmental Schedule tools. At 12 months after birth, the mean scores in the LdT group for gross motor, fine motor, adaptive, linguistic, and personal social domains were similar to those in the Control group. At 36 months, infants in the LdT group had higher mean scores for gross motor than the Control group (98.42 ± 9.69 vs. 94.54 ± 7.48, P = 0.03). In the LdT group, the rates of normal development were higher for gross motor (96.30% vs. 82.05% P = 0.01) and lower for adaptive (74.07% vs. 92.31% P = 0.02). Multivariate regression analyses showed that exposure to LdT during pregnancy was independently associated with infant’s development in gross motor (OR 6.49, 95% CI 1.37–30.20, P = 0.02) and adaptive (OR 0.18, 95% CI 0.05–0.71, P = 0.01) at 36 months. These results suggest that prenatal LdT exposure might affect neurological development in long-term observation. Abbreviations: LdT: telbivudine; HBV: hepatitis B virus; HBsAg: hepatitis B surface antigen; HBeAg: hepatitis Be antigen; HbsAb: hepatitis B surface antibody; ALT: alanine aminotransferase; NA: nucleoside/nucleotide analog; LAM: lamivudine; MTCT: mother-to-child transmission; GDS: Gesell Developmental Schedule; OR: odds ratio; CI: confidence interval; DQ: developmental quotient; RMB: renminbi; BMI: body mass Index; HBIG: hepatitis B immunoglobulin.
Prevalence and Factors Associated with Meconium-Stained Amniotic Fluid in a Tertiary Hospital, Northwest Ethiopia: A Cross-Sectional Study; Background. Fetal bowel could pass meconium, a green viscous fluid, before or during labour and most intrauterine passage of meconium is associated with several fetomaternal factors that lead to increased risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Given that there is a paucity of data, this study was conducted to assess the proportion and associated factors of meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) in women who came for labour and delivery service in a tertiary hospital. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted from 1 June to 31 August 2018 among 606 labouring mothers at Felege Hiwot Referral Hospital, northwest Ethiopia. Study participants were selected using a systematic random sampling technique. Data were collected using an interviewer-administered pretested questionnaire and data checklist. Factors associated with MSAF were explored using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results. MSAF occurred in 24.6% (149/606) of pregnancies. Nonreassuring fetal heart rate patterns (Adjusted Odds Ratio [AOR]: 21.9, 95% Confidence interval [95% CI]: 10.96-43.83), postterm pregnancy (AOR: 4.54, 95% CI: 2.24-9.20), duration of labour more than 15 hours (AOR: 2.83, 95% CI: 1.76-4.53), pregnancy-induced hypertension (AOR: 2.43, 95% CI: 1.45-4.05), oligohydramnios (AOR: 2.53, 95% CI: 1.25-5.12), interpregnancy interval less than 2 years (AOR: 2.24, 95% CI: 1.12-4.51), and monthly family income less than 5000 Ethiopian Birr (185 USD) (AOR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.18-3.51) were significantly associated with MSAF. Conclusions. In this study, the proportion of MSAF was at 24.6% which was higher than a previous report in Ethiopia. Nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern, postterm pregnancy, duration of labour more than 15 hours, pregnancy-induced hypertension, oligohydramnios, interpregnancy interval less than 2 years, and monthly family income less than 5000 Ethiopian Birr were factors associated with an increased risk for MSAF. Therefore, interventions aimed at detecting MSAF early should consider these factors.
Unrecognised pheochromocytoma in pregnancy discovered through metoclopramide-triggered hypertensive emergency; Purpose: Pheochromocytoma, a catecholamine-secreting tumour leading to neurological and cardiovascular life-threatening conditions through hypertension crisis, occurs in 0.1-0.5% of hypertensive patients, but it is extremely rare in pregnancy (0.0018-0.006%). Some classes of drugs, even commonly used in pregnancy, can trigger catecholamine secretion, precipitating the clinical situation. Materials and Methods and Results: We report a 33-year-old woman, gravida 2 para 1, with previous mild hypertension, was admitted to the emergency room, at 28 2/7 weeks of gestation due to headache, tachycardia and severe arterial hypertension (220/120 mm Hg) triggered by the antiemetic metoclopramide used for a week because of nausea. In the emergency room, a paradoxical rise in blood pressure followed intravenous labetalol infusion was observed. Both metoclopramide and labetalol-triggered hypertensive crisis raised the suspicion of an undiagnosed pheochromocytoma. Diagnostic work-up showed elevated normetanephrine urinary excretion ​​and a right adrenal pheochromocytoma by abdominal magnetic resonance imaging. Oral alpha-1 and beta-1-adrenergic antagonist and calcium-channel blocker were started. At 33-weeks of gestation, she underwent a caesarean section giving birth to a female child. Seven weeks later she underwent a video-laparoscopic right adrenalectomy which normalised her blood pressure. Conclusions: Both metoclopramide, a selective dopamine type-2 receptor antagonist and partial agonist of 5-hydroxytryptamine 4 receptor, and labetalol, a non-selective β-adrenoreceptor-blocker with weak α1-adrenergic antagonism, exacerbated an acute hypertensive crisis revealing an unrecognised pheochromocytoma in a pregnant patient. Careful attention to potential drug-triggered catecholamine crises and especially early recognition of pheochromocytomas, are mandatory in hypertensive pregnant women. A missed or delayed diagnosis could result in catastrophic results affecting foetal and maternal outcomes.
Knowledge of gestational diabetes mellitus among antenatal women in obstetrics and gynaecology clinic, public hospital malaysia.; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. GDM increases maternal and foetal morbidity and increase the risk of future type 2 diabetes for the maternal. This study aims to determine the knowledge of GDM among antenatal women in Obstetrics and Gynaecology Clinic, in a Malaysia government hospital. A cross-sectional study design with systematic random sampling method was used to select antenatal women in the Obstetrics and Gynaecology Clinic. A self-administered questionnaire was used. All the data obtained were analysed using the Statistical Analysis Package for Social Sciences (SPSS), Version 20.0. The total mean knowledge score of 140 respondents was 3.09±SD0.47. There is knowledge deficit found among the antenatal mothers related to basic knowledge of GDM: Definition of GDM (91.4%), Knowledge about treatment of GDM: The important of exercise to help women with GDM (80.7%) and Knowledge about complication of GDM: Women with GDM have risk getting larger baby (81.4%). This study will provide information for health care providers to develop effective health education for preventive approaches in order to prevent the complication of GDM to women and foetus.
Laboratory characteristics analysis of the efficacy of levothyroxine on subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy: a single-center retrospective study; To reassess the efficacy of levothyroxine on subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH, 4.0 mIU/L ≤ TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone) <10 mIU/L with normal free T4) during pregnancy. 165 levothyroxine-treated pregnant women experiencing SCH were screened. And controls were randomly selected using euthyroidism (EU) women, matched by age, gravidity, and parity in the EU group (n = 660). We evaluated laboratory characteristics and pregnancy outcomes during follow-ups. Compared with the EU group, the SCH group displayed higher inadequate maternal gestational weight gain, premature delivery, low birth weight offspring and infant offspring small for their gestational age. After levothyroxine treatment, the SCH group displayed lower total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein levels, and higher serum homocysteine levels before delivery. Pregnant women with SCH still exhibit adverse pregnancy outcomes after levothyroxine treatment. Taken together, we believe that besides levothyroxine, vitamin B12 and folic acid could be added to the treatment of pregnant women with SCH. In addition, regular monitoring of blood sugar levels, lipid and homocysteine levels, and intervention gestational weight gain could alleviate the adverse effects of SCH on pregnancy outcomes.
Enhancing oxygenation of patients with coronavirus disease 2019: Effects on immunity and other health-related conditions; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) distresses the pulmonary system causing acute respiratory distress syndrome, which might lead to death. There is no cure for COVID-19 infection. COVID-19 is a self-limited infection, and the methods that can enhance immunity are strongly required. Enhancing oxygenation is one safe and effective intervention to enhance immunity and pulmonary functions. This review deliberates the probable influences of enhancing oxygenation on immunity and other health-connected conditions in patients with COVID-19. An extensive search was conducted through Web of Science, Scopus, Medline databases, and EBSCO for the influence of enhancing oxygenation on immunity, pulmonary functions, psycho-immune hormones, and COVID-19 risk factors. This search included clinical trials and literature and systematic reviews. This search revealed that enhancing oxygenation has a strong effect on improving immunity and pulmonary functions and psycho-immune hormones. Also, enhancing oxygenation has a self-protective role counter to COVID-19 risk factors. Lastly, this search revealed the recommended safe and effective exercise protocol to enhance oxygenation in patients with COVID-19. Enhancing oxygenation should be involved in managing patients with COVID-19 because of its significant effects on immunity, pulmonary functions, and COVID-19 risk factors. A mild to moderate cycling or walking with 60%-80% Vo2max for 20-60 min performed 2-3 times per week could be a safe and effective aerobic exercise program in patients with COVID-19 to enhance their immunity and pulmonary functions.
Fear of missing out: A brief overview of origin, theoretical underpinnings and relationship with mental health; Fear of missing out (FoMO) is a unique term introduced in 2004 to describe a phenomenon observed on social networking sites. FoMO includes two processes; firstly, perception of missing out, followed up with a compulsive behavior to maintain these social connections. We are interested in understanding the complex construct of FoMO and its relations to the need to belong and form stable interpersonal relationships. It is associated with a range of negative life experiences and feelings, due to it being considered a problematic attachment to social media. We have provided a general review of the literature and have summarized the findings in relation to mental health, social functioning, sleep, academic performance and productivity, neuro-developmental disorders, and physical well-being. We have also discussed the treatment options available for FoMo based on cognitive behavior therapy. It imperative that new findings on FoMO are communicated to the clinical community as it has diagnostic implications and could be a confounding variable in those who do not respond to treatment as usual.
Acute kidney injuries induced by thrombotic microangiopathy following severe hemorrhage in puerperants: a case series and literature review; Background: Acute kidney injury in puerperants is generally caused by acute tubular necrosis and occasionally by thrombotic microangiopathy (TMA) following post-partum hemorrhage. However, TMA leads to worse clinical outcomes and is rarely reported in the literature. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the pathological mechanism behind the development of TMA in puerperants to improve the diagnosis and treatment of this condition. Methods: Three patients diagnosed with severe postpartum hemorrhage and TMA from 2014 to 2017 at a nephrology center were retrospectively investigated. Results: All patients had severe hemorrhage during delivery with a mean blood loss, 4.0 L (range, 2.7-5.0 L). AKI developed rapidly in these patients and was treated with hemodialysis. Following treatment, the mean volume of packed red blood cells was 2.3 L (range, 1.2-3.6 L), and the mean volume of resuscitation fluid was 3.7 L (range, 3.5-4.0 L). All patients had renal biopsy specimens with typical TMA and ATN changes on light microscopy. Two patients required a hysterectomy while another two patients received respiratory support. Only one patient received plasma exchange. None of the patients had recovered normal kidney function by the final follow-up (26-61 months), with two patients having stage 3 chronic kidney disease, and one patient having an end-stage renal disease requiring maintenance hemodialysis. Conclusion: Severe postpartum hemorrhage could lead to TMA, in addition to the common finding of ATN. Renal histology revealed that poor renal outcomes could be attributed to TMA coexisting with ATN. The potential mechanism was ischemia-reperfusion, which was followed by endothelial cell injury and activation of the alternative complement pathway.
An Unusual Case of Severe Persistent Neonatal Thrombocytopenia in an Extremely Low Birth Weight, Extreme Preterm Neonate; Neonatal thrombocytopenia is a common hematological problem but refractory thrombocytopenia is very rare in neonates. A systematic and diligent workup will result in arriving at the proper diagnosis and providing accurate management in rare causes of neonatal thrombocytopenia. We report a case of severe refractory thrombocytopenia in an extremely low birth weight (ELBW)/extreme preterm baby who presented with early onset severe thrombocytopenia associated with anemia and required multiple platelet transfusions. After ruling out COVID-19 infection, sepsis and neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (NAIT), the cause for severe refractory thrombocytopenia was diagnosed as Type II congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia (CAMT) by bone marrow examination and MPL gene mutation studies.
The interaction between arachidonic acid metabolism and homocysteine; Hyperhomocysteinemia (HHcy) has been considered a risk factor for different diseases, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), inflammation, neurological diseases, cancer, and many other pathological conditions. Likewise, arachidonic acid (AA) metabolism is implicated in both vascular homeostasis and inflammation, as shown by the development of CVD, following the imbalance of its metabolites. This review summarizes how homocysteine (Hcy) can influence the metabolism of AA. In silico literature searches were performed on PubMed and Scopus as main sources. Several studies have shown that altered levels of Hcy, through AA release and metabolism, can influence the synthesis and the activity of prostaglandins (PGs), prostacyclin (PGI2 ), thromboxane (TXA), epoxyeicosatrienoic acids (EETs), and hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acids (HETEs). It is believed that by targeting Hcy in the AA pathways, novel compounds with better pharmacological and pharmacodynamics benefits may be obtained and that this information is valuable for a dietician to manipulate diets to improve health.
Referral indications for foetal echocardiography in a low resource setting; Objective: The aim of this study was to review primary indications for foetal echocardiography among pregnant women at a tertiary care center in a low resource setting. Methods: A retrospective record review was conducted of all women who have had a foetal echocardiogram between January 2015 and December 2016 at The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan. Information regarding maternal clinical characteristics, anomaly scan findings, indications for echocardiography and findings on foetal echocardiogram (FE) was collected. Results: The dataset included 1909 patients. Maternal comorbidities including maternal diabetes, (n=614, 47%) was the most common maternal indication, while multiple pregnancy (n=232, 38%) and intra-cardiac echogenic foci (n=168, 28%) was the most common foetal indication for referral. Major CHD was detected in 4.2% (n=81) of cases. In those with CHD, the most common indication for getting a FE was an abnormal 4-chamber (n=31, 38%) view on the screening obstetric ultrasound. Conclusions: Most of our patients were referred on the basis of indications that were not warranted based on international guidelines and very few had major CHD on FE. This emphasizes the need for justifying referrals for a resource intensive procedure such as FE.
Erratum to: Dental care in pregnancy (Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health, (2014), 59, 1, (109-110), 10.1111/jmwh.12108); Why do I need to keep my teeth and gums clean? Keeping your teeth and gums clean is an important part of staying healthy. If you do not brush and floss your teeth regularly, a sticky film called plaque builds up on your teeth. Plaque has bacteria in it that can cause gum disease and cavities (little holes in your teeth). What is gum disease? Gum disease is an infection in the parts of your mouth that hold your teeth in place. Gum disease is also called periodontal disease. The beginning stage of gum disease is called gingivitis. People with gingivitis have swollen and red gums that may bleed easily when they brush their teeth. If gingivitis is not treated and gum disease gets worse, you can lose teeth and bone in your mouth. Having gum disease can cause problems in other parts of your body. You have a greater chance of having a stroke, heart problems, or a heart attack if you have gum disease. If you have diabetes and gum disease, it may be harder to control your blood sugar. What are the signs that I might have gum disease? It is possible to have gum disease and not have any signs. This is why it is important to have regular dental checkups. You should see a dentist as soon as possible if you have any of these signs because they could mean you have gum disease: • Your gums bleed when you brush your teeth. • Your gums are red, swollen, or painful. • You have gums that have pulled away from your teeth. • You have bad breath or a bad taste in your mouth that doesn’t go away. • Your teeth are loose or are moving apart from each other. • The way your teeth fit together when you bite has changed. How does pregnancy affect my gums and teeth? Hormone changes during pregnancy can cause gingivitis. This pregnancy gingivitis usually goes away after your baby is born. Pregnant women may also be more likely to have cavities. It is important for all pregnant women to brush their teeth with a fluoride toothpaste twice a day and floss once a day. When you vomit (throw up) frommorning sickness, stomach acids get on your teeth. After you vomit, rinsing your mouth out and waiting to brush your teeth can help keep the acids from hurting your teeth. You can rinse your mouth with water or with 1 cup of water that has 1 teaspoon of baking soda mixed in it. Wait about 30 minutes after rinsing your mouth to brush your teeth. How does gum disease affect pregnancy? Having gum disease can affect your baby and you. Gum disease may increase the chance that your baby will be born small and/or born early. Your chance of having blood pressure problems and gestational diabetes may also be higher if you have gum disease. Can I have dental care while I am pregnant? Seeing your dentist is safe during pregnancy. It is also important for the health of you and your baby. Teeth cleaning, dental x-rays, and most dental treatments can all be done when you are pregnant. • Make sure your dentist knows that you are pregnant. If medications for infection or pain are needed, your dentist can prescribe ones that are safe for you and your baby. • Tell your dentist about any changes in your mouth, teeth, or gums you have noticed since you became pregnant. • It is safe to have numbing medicine if you need to have a cavity filled or other dental treatment while you are pregnant. • X-rays that are just to check on your teeth are often avoided in pregnancy. If you have a problem with your teeth or mouth, it is fine to have an x-ray. Your body should be covered with a lead apron to protect you and your baby. (Table presented.) Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 6.0 ApprovedDecember 2020. This handout replaces “Dental Care in Pregnancy” published in Volume 59,Number 1, January/February 2014 and “Oral Health: Keeping Your Mouth Clean and Healthy” published in Volume 56, Number 2, March/April 2011.
Erratum to: Oral health: keeping your mouth clean and health (Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health, (2011), 56, 2, (187-188), 10.1111/j.1542-2011.2010.00058.x); Why do I need to keep my teeth and gums clean? Keeping your teeth and gums clean is an important part of staying healthy. If you do not brush and floss your teeth regularly, a sticky film called plaque builds up on your teeth. Plaque has bacteria in it that can cause gum disease and cavities (little holes in your teeth). What is gum disease? Gum disease is an infection in the parts of your mouth that hold your teeth in place. Gum disease is also called periodontal disease. The beginning stage of gum disease is called gingivitis. People with gingivitis have swollen and red gums that may bleed easily when they brush their teeth. If gingivitis is not treated and gum disease gets worse, you can lose teeth and bone in your mouth. Having gum disease can cause problems in other parts of your body. You have a greater chance of having a stroke, heart problems, or a heart attack if you have gum disease. If you have diabetes and gum disease, it may be harder to control your blood sugar. What are the signs that I might have gum disease? It is possible to have gum disease and not have any signs. This is why it is important to have regular dental checkups. You should see a dentist as soon as possible if you have any of these signs because they could mean you have gum disease: • Your gums bleed when you brush your teeth. • Your gums are red, swollen, or painful. • You have gums that have pulled away from your teeth. • You have bad breath or a bad taste in your mouth that doesn’t go away. • Your teeth are loose or are moving apart from each other. • The way your teeth fit together when you bite has changed. How does pregnancy affect my gums and teeth? Hormone changes during pregnancy can cause gingivitis. This pregnancy gingivitis usually goes away after your baby is born. Pregnant women may also be more likely to have cavities. It is important for all pregnant women to brush their teeth with a fluoride toothpaste twice a day and floss once a day. When you vomit (throw up) frommorning sickness, stomach acids get on your teeth. After you vomit, rinsing your mouth out and waiting to brush your teeth can help keep the acids from hurting your teeth. You can rinse your mouth with water or with 1 cup of water that has 1 teaspoon of baking soda mixed in it. Wait about 30 minutes after rinsing your mouth to brush your teeth. How does gum disease affect pregnancy? Having gum disease can affect your baby and you. Gum disease may increase the chance that your baby will be born small and/or born early. Your chance of having blood pressure problems and gestational diabetes may also be higher if you have gum disease. Can I have dental care while I am pregnant? Seeing your dentist is safe during pregnancy. It is also important for the health of you and your baby. Teeth cleaning, dental x-rays, and most dental treatments can all be done when you are pregnant. • Make sure your dentist knows that you are pregnant. If medications for infection or pain are needed, your dentist can prescribe ones that are safe for you and your baby. • Tell your dentist about any changes in your mouth, teeth, or gums you have noticed since you became pregnant. • It is safe to have numbing medicine if you need to have a cavity filled or other dental treatment while you are pregnant. • X-rays that are just to check on your teeth are often avoided in pregnancy. If you have a problem with your teeth or mouth, it is fine to have an x-ray. Your body should be covered with a lead apron to protect you and your baby. (Table presented.) Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level: 6.0 ApprovedDecember 2020. This handout replaces “Dental Care in Pregnancy” published in Volume 59,Number 1, January/February 2014 and “Oral Health: Keeping Your Mouth Clean and Healthy” published in Volume 56, Number 2, March/April 2011.
Perinatal health predictors using artificial intelligence: A review; Advances in public health and medical care have enabled better pregnancy and birth outcomes. The rates of perinatal health indicators such as maternal mortality and morbidity; fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality; low birthweight; and preterm birth have reduced over time. However, they are still a public health concern, and considerable disparities exist within and between countries. For perinatal researchers who are engaged in unraveling the tangled web of causation for maternal and child health outcomes and for clinicians involved in the care of pregnant women and infants, artificial intelligence offers novel approaches to prediction modeling, diagnosis, early detection, and monitoring in perinatal health. Machine learning, a commonly used artificial intelligence method, has been used to predict preterm birth, birthweight, preeclampsia, mortality, hypertensive disorders, and postpartum depression. Real-time electronic health recording and predictive modeling using artificial intelligence have found early success in fetal monitoring and monitoring of women with gestational diabetes especially in low-resource settings. Artificial intelligence–based methodologies have the potential to improve prenatal diagnosis of birth defects and outcomes in assisted reproductive technology too. In this scenario, we envision artificial intelligence for perinatal research to be based on three goals: (1) availability of population-representative, routine clinical data (rich multimodal data of large sample size) for perinatal research; (2) modification and application of current state-of-the-art artificial intelligence for prediction and classification in health care research to the field of perinatal health; and (3) development of methods for explaining the decision-making processes of artificial intelligence models for perinatal health indicators. Achieving these three goals via a multidisciplinary approach to the development of artificial intelligence tools will enable trust in these tools and advance research, clinical practice, and policies to ensure optimal perinatal health.
Evaluation framework for selecting wearable activity monitors for research; Background: Wearable devices that support activity tracking and other measurements hold great potential to increase awareness of health behaviors and support the management of chronic health conditions. There is a scarcity of guidance for researchers of all disciplines when planning new studies to evaluate and select technologies appropriate for study purpose, population, and overall context. The aim of this study was to develop and test an evaluation framework to rapidly and systematically evaluate and select consumer-grade wearable devices that serve individual study needs in preparation for evaluations with target populations. Methods: The wearable evaluation framework was defined based on published literature and past research experiences of the research team. We tested the framework with example case studies to select devices for two different research projects focused on aging-in-place and gestational diabetes. We show how knowledge of target population and research goals help prioritize application of the criteria to inform device selection and how project requirements inform sequence of criteria application. Results: The framework for wearable device evaluation includes 27 distinct evaluation criteria: 12 for everyday use by users, 6 on device functionality, and 9 on infrastructure for developing the research infrastructure required to obtain the data. We evaluated 10 devices from four vendors. After prioritizing the framework criteria based on the two example case studies, we selected the Withings Steele HR, Garmin Vivosmart HR+ and Garmin Forerunner 35 for further evaluation through user studies with the target populations. Conclusions: The aim of this paper was to develop and test a framework for researchers to rapidly evaluate suitability of consumer grade wearable devices for specific research projects. The use of this evaluation framework is not intended to identify a definitive single best device, but to systematically narrow the field of potential device candidates for testing with target study populations. Future work will include application of the framework within different research projects for further refinement.
Can fetal heart rate in twin pregnancy in the first trimester be useful as a marker of pregnancy prognosis?; Introduction. Assessment of the fetal heart rate become a routine manner and was found to be helpful in making important clinical decisions. In the available literature there are no any information about fetal heart rate in twin pregnancy and it usefulness in predicting pregnancy outcome. Objective. The aim of our study was to evaluate a range of heart rates in the first trimester in twin pregnancy and the influence of the rate of fetal heart on the outcome of the pregnancy. Material and methods. The study included 89 twin pregnancies between 6 and 11 weeks of pregnancy (78 pregnancies finished with good outcome and 11 with unfavorable outco-me). Results. The date shows that the heart rate of embryos / fetuses in the first trimester of an uncomplicated twin pregnancy progressively increases between 6 and 8 weeks of pregnancy and then slows down in week 11. Our data shows that the rate of fetal death in the first trimester of twin pregnancy increases progressively with decreasing of the heart rate. In our study none of the twins survived when the observed rate of the fetal heart was less than 110 beats per minute and half of them died when heart rate was between 110 and 120 beats per min. Furthermore, the significant difference in the heart rates of a set of twins was connected with a poor prognosis. In mono-chorionic pregnancies with a significant difference in heart rate (20 beats/min or more) despite a normal fetal heart rate (120 beats/min or more) TTTS syndrome was confirmed later in pregnancy. Conclusions. The heart rate in twin pregnancy more than 120 beats per minute is connected with a good prognosis, whereas below 110 beats per minute with a poor prognosis. Furthermore, the significant difference in fetal heart rate (20 beats/min or more) can be a marker of developing TTTS syndrome later in pregnancy.
Elevated fetal middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity in diabetes type 1 patient: A case report; Doppler measurement of fetal middle cerebral artery peak systolic velocity (MCA-PSV) is used to screen fetuses at risk of developing fetal anemia. This screening tool has demonstrated to be accurate to estimate the likelihood of fetal anemia and it has been used in the management of fetuses at this risk. It is rare to find in the literature cases of increased MCA-PSV in the absence of fetal anemia. We present the case of an elevated MCA-PSV in the absence of common causes of fetal anemia. A 30-year-old woman at 21 weeks of gestation was referred to our unit with a left fetal renal agenesis and single umbilical artery diagnosis. The patient had a poorly controlled type 1 Diabetes with a booking HbA1C of 9.1%. At 31 weeks of gestation, MCA-PSV was raised (>1.5 multiples of the median) in the absence of any cause of fetal anemia and discrepancy of ventricular size with normal fetal heart function were seen. In a subsequent scan, thick interventricular septum was seen and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HC) was suggested. Follow-up ultrasonography showed a persistent MCA-PSV in a large for gestation age (LGA) fetus with HC. Due to the prenatal diagnosis of persistent elevated MCA-PSV in LGA fetus with diagnoses of HC in a poorly controlled type 1 diabetic patient labor was induced after fetal lung maturation. Biventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was detected after birth. HC may be an explanation for increased MCA-PSV without fetal anemia.
Congenital heart disease in non-diabetic large-for-gestational-age (Lga) neonates; Background: Congenital heart diseases are the most prevalent congenital abnormalities in the neonates, caused by environmental and genetic factors and contributing to the leading cause of death. This study aims to evaluate the relationship between neonates with large for gestational age and increased risk of congenital heart diseases among non-diabetic mothers. Methods: In this study, 179 neonates with large gestational age in Khorramabad were enrolled where heart abnormalities were evaluated using echocardiography. Results: 87 neonates had more than 4000 g of birth weight with no heart abnormalities and 92 (51%) macrosomic neonates had congenital heart diseases. Statistical analysis revealed a significant relationship between birth weight and increased risk of acquiring congenital heart disease between the two groups. There was no significant relationship between birth weight, maternal age, gender, labor type and blood group between the two groups. The highest incidence of congenital heart anomalies was related to 38% of arterial septal defect (ASD) and 15.2% of ASD and VSD, re-spectively. Conclusion: The most prevalent abnormality was arterial septal ASD. None of these abnormalities were associated with maternal age, birth weight and neonate gender. Future studies for congenital heart disease and neonatal birth weight are, therefore, recommended.
Study of prevalence, non genetic risk factors and nkx2.5 gene correlation of congenital heart diseases in kanpur and periphery; Background: The estimated birth prevalence of CHD is 8-12/1000 live births with a significant geographical difference. In India, over 180,000 children are born with CHD every year with state wise variation and contribute to 10% of the present infant mortality. Nearly one thirds of the CHD are critical requiring intervention in the 1st year of life. Most of the CHD are thought to be multifactorial and result from a combination of genetic and non genetic risk factors. Materials and Methods: A total of 200 CHD cases and 200 as control subjects were studied. Risk factors were examined separately. Nkx2.5 gene correlation was studied by using conventional PCR. Main Findings: The prevalence of CHD is reported in this study is 8.48/1000 live births. Total 200 cases of CHDs, VSD-40%, ASD-31%, TOF-11%, PDA-10%, PS-03%, AS-03%, COA-01% and TA-01% are reported. Total 200 cases of CHD patient's mothers medical history was analyzed and noted history of abortions in 65 cases, pregestational diabetes in 60 cases, obesity in 50 cases, family history with CHD in 40 cases, maternal usage of drugs in 15 cases, advanced maternal age in 15 cases and smoking and drinking alcohol in 8 cases. Conclusion: Both Genetic and Non -genetic risk factors are associated to CHDs. Nkx2.5 gene is the master regulator for process of cardio genesis. Nkx2.5 Gene is mostly associated to Atrial Septal Defects, Tetralogy of Fallot and Ventricular Septal Defects. Building a healthy life habits, maternal counseling for periconceptional control of blood glucose, adequate weight maintenance, and avoidance of stress is needed to prevent CHD.
Doppler ultrasound assessment of fetal mca and umbilical arteries in patients with gestational diabetes versus normal pregnancies; Background: It is unquestioned that gestational diabetes has a significant impact on pregnancy outcome. The embryo and the mother commonly experience serious complications directly attributable to diabetes. Patients and Methods: A case control study was conducted in the department of Radiology Ain-shams university Hospital and some private centers to assess the impact of gestational DM on fetal middle cerebral and umbilical arteries Doppler indices to predict the possibility of adverse neonatal outcome. Seventy two patients were recruited for our study. They were divided into two groups. Control group (group 1) included 36 healthy pregnant women. Study group (group 2) included 36 gestational diabetic pregnant patients. Results: Showed that gestational diabetic pregnancies are associated with an increased risk of fetal and neonatal risks compared with pregnancies in the healthy gravida as well as significant increase in MCA PI in gestational diabetic pregnancies with positive correlation to the neonatal complications. Conclusion: MCA PI doppler in gestational diabetic mothers is important in the assessment of fetal well-being, and the follow up of pregnancy which helps in prevention of complicated delivery and adverse neonatal outcome.
Nesfatin-1 alleviates high glucose/high lipid-induced injury of trophoblast cells during gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common disease in pregnant women, imposing risks on both mother and fetus. Dysregulated nesfatin-1 has been observed in women with GDM, but the specific role of nesfatin-1 underlying the pathological process of GDM is unclear. The main objective of this study is to investigate the role and the molecular mechanism of nesfatin-1 in GDM. HTR-8/SVneo cells were treated with high glucose (HG)/high lipid (HL) to mimic the injured trophoblast of GDM in vitro. Cell viability, cytotoxicity and apoptosis were measured using CCK-8, LDH and TUNEL assays, respectively. The levels of inflammatory cytokines and antioxidant factors were detected using their commercial kits. ATP level and cytochrome c were determined with corresponding detecting kits. Quantitative real-time PCR and Western blot were performed to detect the expression of corresponding genes. The results showed that nesfatin-1 was downregulated upon HG/HL stimulation. Nesfatin-1 treatment greatly alleviated HG/HL-induced cell viability loss, cytotoxicity, inflammatory response, oxidative stress, and apoptosis in HTR-8/SVneo cells. In addition, nesfatin-1 promoted ATP generation, reduced the leakage of cytochrome c from mitochondria to cytoplasm, and upregulated mitochondrial transcription factor A (TFAM) and nuclear respiratory factor 1 (NRF1), alleviating mitochondrial dysfunction. Furthermore, nesfatin-1 inhibited p38 MAPK signaling. p79350, an agonist of p38 MAPK signaling, remarkably hindered the protective role of nesfatin-1 in HG/HL-induced HTR-8/SVneo cells. In conclusion, nesfatin-1 exerted a protective effect on GDM model in vitro, by regulating p38 MAPK signaling pathway, providing novel insights of treating GDM.
Assessment of the functional state of the heart in children born to mothers with type i diabetes mellitus; Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic disease that carries significant risks for the fetus and newborn. Hyperglycemia during pregnancy contributes to the development of structural heart defects, myocardial hypertrophy, and impaired cardiac function in newborns. The objective of the study was to evaluate the echocardiographic parameters of the cardiac function in children born to mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM1). A prospective study of 163 newborns was conducted on the basis of the Republican Scientific and Practical Center “Mother and Child”. The children were divided into 2 groups. The main group consisted of 107 children born to mothers with DM1 (Gr1), the control group – 56 healthy infants born to women with normoglycemia during pregnancy (Gr2). It was found that a newborn in Gr1 has a larger thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) (p < 0.001), the posterior wall of the left ventricle (p < 0.001), and the size of the right ventricle (p < 0.001). It was revealed that in Gr1 the frequency of myocardial hypertrophy with an interventricular septum thickness of 5 mm or more is 30.8 %, which is statistically significantly higher in comparison with Gr2 (1.8 %, F = 0.115, p < 0.001). When assessing the blood flow using a pulse-wave Doppler study, the manifestations of the diastolic dysfunction in Gr1 were revealed. The E/A ratio for the diastolic flow through the mitral valve in Gr1 was 0.9 (0.8–1.1), in Gr2 – 1.2 (1.0–1.4), p = 0.043. The study confirmed a lower frequency of registration of myocardial hypertrophy with good glycemic control during pregnancy (p < 0.05). Direct correlations between the average level of glycated hemoglobin in mothers and the IVS thickness (r = 0.374, p < 0.05) and the posterior wall of the left ventricle (r = 0.293, p < 0.05) of their newborns were observed in infants in Gr1. The use of pump insulin therapy in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes allowed a statistically significant reduction in the frequency of hypertrophy of the left ventricle in infants in the neonatal period. Diabetes mellitus type 1 in the mother determines not only the risk of congenital heart defects, but also hypertrophic changes in the myocardium, contributes to the diastolic dysfunction in this group of children. The achievement of target levels of glycated hemoglobin during pregnancy, using pump insulin therapy, provides a lower frequency of registration of ventricular septal hypertrophy. The revealed statistically significant differences in the IVS thickness and the posterior wall of the left ventricle in infants born to mothers with type 1 diabetes should be taken into account by doctors in the system of organizing medical care in inpatient settings and at the stage of dispensary observation.
Metformin in cardiovascular diabetology: A focused review of its impact on endothelial function; As a first-line treatment for diabetes, the insulin-sensitizing biguanide, metformin, regulates glucose levels and positively affects cardiovascular function in patients with diabetes and cardiovascular complications. Endothelial dysfunction (ED) represents the primary pathological change of multiple vascular diseases, because it causes decreased arterial plasticity, increased vascular resistance, reduced tissue perfusion and atherosclerosis. Caused by "biochemical injury", ED is also an independent predictor of cardiovascular events. Accumulating evidence shows that metformin improves ED through liver kinase B1 (LKB1)/5'-adenosine monophosphat-activated protein kinase (AMPK) and AMPK-independent targets, including nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-κB), phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase-protein kinase B (PI3K-Akt), endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS), sirtuin 1 (SIRT1), forkhead box O1 (FOXO1), krüppel-like factor 4 (KLF4) and krüppel-like factor 2 (KLF2). Evaluating the effects of metformin on endothelial cell functions would facilitate our understanding of the therapeutic potential of metformin in cardiovascular diabetology (including diabetes and its cardiovascular complications). This article reviews the physiological and pathological functions of endothelial cells and the intact endothelium, reviews the latest research of metformin in the treatment of diabetes and related cardiovascular complications, and focuses on the mechanism of action of metformin in regulating endothelial cell functions.
Pregnancy outcomes following in vitro fertilization using fresh or frozen embryo transfer; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing IVF using fresh and/or frozen embryo transfer. Methods: In this retrospective patient record study, we reviewed 2,872 infertile women’s files, who were candidates for IVF. The patients were classified into two groups, including those who underwent fresh embryo transfer (n=1628) and/or frozen embryo transfer (FET) (n=1244). Results: Fertility was achieved in 313 (19.23%) and 356 (28.62%) patients, who underwent fresh ET and FET, respectively. The rates of clinical pregnancy, ongoing pregnancy, and live births were significantly higher in the FET group than the fresh ET group. The incidence of multiple pregnancies, perinatal mortality, abortion in the first trimester, preterm delivery, and low birth weight were significantly higher among fresh ET group [38 (35.51%), 15 (14.50%), 72 (23.01%), 26 (8.30%), and 33 (10.54%), respectively] than in the FET group [25 (15.33%), 6 (6.87%), 63 (17.69%), 14 (3.93%), and 20 (5.61%); p<0.05]. In addition, the incidence of ectopic pregnancies, abortion in the second trimester, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and placenta previa were higher in the fresh ET group, but not significantly so (p>0.05). Conclusions: Women who underwent IVF via FET showed more successful fertility and pregnancy outcomes compared to those who underwent IVF by fresh ET.
The diagnostic and predictive values of N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptides in pregnancy complications and neonatal outcomes; Objective: To investigate the plasma N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels relative to pregnancy complications and clarify the role of NT-proBNP in predicting pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted on 208 singleton pregnant women from August 2015 to October 2018. They were categorized into the early-onset PE (n=52), late-onset PE (n=32), GH (n=21), GDM (n=49), and healthy control (n=54) groups. The NT-proBNP concentrations were measured for all groups, and the correlation between the NT-proBNP levels and the pregnancy complications was analyzed. Results: The NT-proBNP levels were significantly higher in the early-onset and late-onset PE groups than in the other groups (P<0.05). The receiver operating characteristic curve showed that the plasma NT-proBNP levels had excellent diagnostic performance for early-onset and late-onset PE. The areas under the curve (AUCs) were 0.864 and 0.825 at the cut-off values of 142.3 pg/mL and 183.5 pg/mL for these two groups, respectively. The plasma NT-proBNP concentrations were positively correlated with the neonatal outcomes. The AUC was 0.788 when the cut-off value was 257.5 pg/mL. The high NT-proBNP level was associated with a low Apgar score and low birth weight. Conclusion: NT-proBNP is an effective indicator for assisting in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and predicting newborn outcomes. NT-proBNP can be used to monitor early-onset and late-onset PE.
Neonatal outcomes in case of euglycemic control in gestational diabetes using insulin vs. metformin: Randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major global public health issue, with prevalence increasing in recent years due to the epidemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes. Aim of the Work: To compare different neonatal outcomes according to the different treatment modalities used in the management of GDM. Our hypothesis was that Metformin is as effective and safe as insulin in patients with gestational diabetes. Patients and Methods: The current non inferiority-Randomized controlled trial was conducted at Ain Shams Maternity hospital between June 2020 to February 2021. The study included 140 outpatient cases or admitted patients for antenatal care: Group A: Women were given Metformin (Total 70) and Group B: Women were given insulin. (Total 70). Results: There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding age, enrolment BMI, parity and family history of DM. There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding gestational age at enrolment and delivery as well as pregnancy duration after intervention. BMI at delivery, BMI increase as well as BMI increase rate were significantly lower in Metformin group. There were no significant differences between Metformin and Insulin groups regarding fasting, two-hour postprandial and HbA1c blood glucose at enrollment and throughout treatment as well as their reduction after intervention. Maternal complications as hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia and preeclampsia were non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. Compliance to treatment was significantly more frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. Cesarean delivery was non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group than among Insulin group. There was no significant difference between Metformin and Insulin regarding birth weight APGAR-1, but APGAR-5 was significantly higher in Metformin group. Neonatal complications as IUFD, IUGR, macrosomia, congenital anomalies, neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress and NICU admission were non-significantly less frequent among Metformin group. Conclusions: From the results of current study we can conclude that: Oral metformin was effective as insulin injection in control and management of GDM. BMI was controlled with oral metformin better than insulin injection. Maternal and neonatal complications specially birth weight were the same with both types of treatment. Women had better compliance to metformin treatment. Type of delivery wasn’t affected by type of treatment.
A Study to Assess the Prevalence of Primary Caesarean Section and the Feto-Maternal Indications: An Observational Study; Aim: The aim of the present study to evaluate the incidence and feto-maternal indications for primary caesarean section. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Nalanda Medical College and Hospital, Patna, Bihar India for 15 months. The study includes 200 subjects planned for primary cesarean section. Patients were followed up in the ward till they are admitted and thereafter till 6 weeks for any complications. Neonatal status was followed up in the ward or Neonatal ICU and later on till 6 weeks of neonatal life. Results: Out total 700 institutional deliveries the incidence of primary cesarean section calculated was 28.57%. The mean age of the patients was 26.98±2.36. Majority of the subjects belonged to below 25 year age (58.5%) followed by 25-30 year age (22.5%), 30-35 years age (15%) and >35 years age (4%). Fetal indications comprises Non-reassuring or Abnormal CTG (54%) followed by Malpresentation (24%), Abnormal umbilical artery colour Doppler (15%), Macrosomia (7%). Under maternal indications for primary caesarean; maternal request CDMR (47.5%), Abnormal placentation (25%), Maternal cardiac disease (8.75%), Genital tract obstructive mass (8.75%), Pelvic deformity (5%), Failed operative vaginal delivery (5%). Under the category of other indications, the most common was Cephalo-pelvic disproportion (60%) followed by Arrest disorders (40%). Conclusion: Even though the cesarean is of the most commonly performed surgical procedures today; it is not without risks. Our study confirmed the cesarean section rate of 28.57% and it is above the 15% recommended by World Health Organization (WHO) for developing countries.
Neonatal Persistent Hypoglycemia: A Treatment Challenge; Persistent hypoglycemia is a challenge in terms of diagnosis and management. We report a case of a neonate who presented with persistent hypoglycemia. The mother had a history of 2 neonatal deaths because of similar complaints. Laboratory investigations revealed increased levels of serum insulin and C-peptide, and hence, the neonate was treated with glucagon and diazoxide. A near-total pancreatectomy was done as the neonate did not respond to the above treatment. A genetic workup showed a mutation in the ABCC8 gene in this neonate. A better understanding of the underlying genetic causes will help in the early diagnosis and treatment of high-risk neonates and during the antenatal period also.
Interventional Treatment of Bronchiectasis Macrosomia Based on Multirow CT Tomography Monitoring; We present in this paper an in-depth study and analysis of bronchiectasis haemoptysis by multirow CT tomography and a multifaceted treatment and analysis of the interventions monitored by the scan. Although coronary CT is of great clinical value in the diagnosis and monitoring of coronary artery disease, the potential radiation damage caused by coronary CT should not be underestimated because CT imaging is based on X-rays and the actual effective dose is 5-30 mSv, which is reported in the literature to be high when using conventional imaging modalities for coronary CT. Although there is no direct evidence of a definite causal relationship between X-ray exposure during CT examinations and tumorigenesis, theoretically, even small doses of radiation exposure may pose some potential health risk. Therefore, in clinical practice, coronary CT examinations should be performed in strict compliance with the radiation protection rule "as low as reasonably achievable"(ALARA) recognized by the radiation industry. For longitudinal openings in the range of 0° to 59° and transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter is significantly more stable than the MIK catheter, and for longitudinal openings in the range of 60° to 119° and transverse openings in the range of 0° to 44°, the CB2 catheter is more stable than the MIK catheter. For longitudinal openings from 0° to 120° and lateral openings from 45° to 90°, there was no significant difference in cannulation stability between the CB2 and MIK catheters. There was a potential tendency for MIK cannulation stability to be higher than CB2 for longitudinal openings in the range of 120° to 180° and lateral openings in the range of 45° to 90°, but there was no significant difference.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome: An overview; Introduction Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrinal disorder among females of reproductive age, which causes-hirsutism, Oligomenorrhea and infertility. It generally occurs in the female ageing between 12–44 years. Some studies show that it is a lifestyle disorder, which affects women of middle and high-income population. It causes hormonal imbalance and certain physical changes. Management of PCOS can be achieved by medication, lifestyle changes, exercises, or surgical method. It has a high risk of miscarriages and during pregnancy, women are at a high risk to develop Gestational diabetes, hypertension. Significant disparities in the different domains of the SF–36 between PCOS and healthy controls were observed in several categories of age, BMI, educational status, and marital status. Increased BMI, menstrual abnormalities, educational status, and marital status all play a role in affecting quality related to life in PCOS patients, and psychological support must be provided throughout treatment. Conclusion This article concludes about PCOS– its symptoms, causes, leads to, treatment and PCOS Pregnancy. The difference between PCOS and PCOD is also mentioned, which gives a brief differentiation between both the conditions. The goal is to help people understand what actually PCOS means and to enhance people to take preferable steps to suppress the condition and one should consult a gynaecologist if they have shown-up any symptom(s).
An observational research to determine the clinical profile of hypoglycemia of neonates admitted in NICU; Aim: The aim of the present study determine the clinical profile of hypoglycemia in newborn.Material and methods: In this prospective observational study, which lasted one yearwas conducted in the Department of Paediatrics at Shantabaa Medical College and General Hospital in Amreli, Gujarat. This research comprised 100 patients who were admitted to the NICU and had blood glucose levels less than 45 mg/dl. During the active phase of illness, blood sugar levels were checked every 6 hours in critically ill neonates with risk factors at 2, 6, 12, 24, 48, and 72 hours of life or whenever symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia appeared in any neonate.Results:Among the 100 neonates with hypoglycemia, 59 (59%) were males and 41 (41%) were females. Among the study population 85 (85%) of neonates had at least one risk factor (maternal/neonatal) and 15 cases (15%) had no risk factor.The maternal risk factors that were associated with hypoglycemia were 17% had GDM, 12% had PIH and 2% had PROM as maternal risk factors. 69% had no maternal risk factor. The neonatal risk factors associated with hypoglycemia were prematurity (27%), SGA (30%), LGA (6%), IDM (21%) and comorbidities (sepsis, birth asphyxia, polycythemia and shock) were present in 16% of the hypoglycemic neonates. Out of 100 children with hypoglycemia 63 (63%) were asymptomatic and 37 (37%) presented with symptoms. The common symptoms were poor feeding (70.27%), lethargy (18.92%), jitteriness (10.81%), irritability (5.40%), hypotonia (2.70%) and cyanosis (2.70%). 29% of neonates presented with hypoglycemia on day 1 of life, 26% of neonates on day 2, 22% on day 3 and 23% beyond 72 hours of life. Conclusion: Majority of the newborns were asymptomatic, blood glucose monitoring in neonates with this risk factor should be performed on a regular basis. It is critical to stress the significance of starting breast feeding as soon as possible in order to avoid hypoglycemia.
The challenging airway: Tracheal agenesis in the newborn; A preterm female presented with severe respiratory distress in the delivery room and was found to have tracheal agenesis with a tracheoesophageal fistula and a congenital heart defect. Tracheal agenesis is uncommon and is often associated with other congenital abnormalities. Although there are surgical options for repair, mortality remains high.
Newborns of preeclamptic mothers: Morbidity and mortality in a level 3 maternity hospital; Background: Preeclampsia is a public health problem throughout the world, responsible for significant maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The objective of our study was to describe the epidemiological, clinical and evolutionary profile of newborns born to preeclamptic mothers and to identify their risk factors for in-hospital mortality. Method: Our study was retrospective, over a period of six months from July 1, 2020 to December 31, 2020. We included 95 newborns monitored at the neonatology department of the maternity and neonatology center of Tunis born to preeclamptic mothers. Results: The prevalence of preeclampsia was 2.35% with severe and moderate prevalence being respectively 1.73% and 0.62%. The mean gestational birth age was 35.02 ± 3.15 weeks with 64.2% cases of prematurity. Intrauterine growth restriction was noted in 41% cases. Neonatal intensive care unit admissions were noted in 49.5% cases. The most frequent neonatal morbidities were neonatal respiratory distress, neonatal thrombocytopenia and hypocalcemia respectively registered in 22.1%, 25.3% and 11.6% cases. In-hospital mortality rate was 11.6% with a prematurity noted in 81.8% cases of death. In multivariate analysis, preeclampsia complicated by Hemolysis, Elevated Liver enzymes, Low Platelet count syndrome; HELLP (p=0.036), neonatal hypocalcemia (p=0.007) and newborn ventilation by Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP) (p=0.011) were identified as major risk factors independently associated with in-hospital mortality for newborns of preeclamptic mothers. Conclusion: Strengthening antenatal care would allow an early screening of women with a high risk of preeclampsia and prevent the occurrence of subsequent complications.
Increased Fetal Cardiovascular Disease Risk: Potential Synergy Between Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Maternal Hypercholesterolemia; Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) remain a major cause of death worldwide. Evidence suggests that the risk for CVD can increase at the fetal stages due to maternal metabolic diseases, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and maternal supraphysiological hypercholes-terolemia (MSPH). GDM is a hyperglycemic, inflammatory, and insulin-resistant state that increases plasma levels of free fatty acids and triglycerides, impairs endothelial vascular tone regulation, and due to the increased nutrient transport, exposes the fetus to the altered metabolic conditions of the mother. MSPH involves increased levels of cholesterol (mainly as low-density lipoprotein cholesterol) which also causes endothelial dysfunction and alters nutrient transport to the fetus. De-spite that an association has already been established between MSPH and increased CVD risk, how-ever, little is known about the cellular processes underlying this relationship. Our knowledge is further obscured when the simultaneous presentation of MSPH and GDM takes place. In this context, GDM and MSPH may substantially increase fetal CVD risk due to synergistic impairment of placental nutrient transport and endothelial dysfunction. More studies on the separate and/or cumula-tive role of both processes are warranted to suggest specific treatment options.
Congenital Heart Disesase: A Retrospective Analysis from a Tertiary Referral Centre in Portugal; Background: Congenital heart disease is the leading cause of mortality among all congenital malformations. Objectives: To evaluate the incidence of congenital heart diseases in a central maternity hospital in Portugal from January 2003 to December 2018 and to determine survival in the first year of life. Methods: Retrospective analysis of newborns diagnosed with congenital heart diseases within 72 hours after birth. Malformations were divided according to pathophysiology. Cumulative survival analysis was performed by the Kaplan-Meier test. Stastical significance was set at p <0.05. Results: A total of 297 newborns with cardiac malformation was recorded among 47,198 live births (incidence of 6:1000), 16% associated with extra-cardiac disease. The most frequent congenital heart diseases were left-to-right shunt lesions (n = 216), followed by cyanotic (n = 41), acyanotic obstructive (n = 31) and miscellaneous (n = 9). Seventy (24%) patients had prenatal diagnosis, 88% of them cyanotic defects, and a positive association was found between prenatal diagnosis and mortality (p <0.001). Coarctation of the aorta was associated with gestational diabetes (p = 0.014). Atrial septal defect was more common in females (p = 0.02). Mortality rate due to heart disease was 3.4%. Patients with cyanotic disease, 99%, 97%, 97%, respectively, for patients with left-to-right shunt lesions, and 97%, 97%,97% for those with obstructive lesion cases. Conclusion: The incidence of congenital heart disease was 6:1000, mostly left-to-right shunt lesions. Heart disease accounted for only half of deaths, and cyanotic diseases have a high nonspecific mortality rate.
Maternal Obesity: A Focus on Maternal Interventions to Improve Health of Offspring; Maternal obesity has many implications for offspring health that persist throughout their lifespan that include obesity and cardiovascular complications. Several different factors contribute to obesity and they encompass interplay between genetics and environment. In the prenatal period, untreated obesity establishes a foundation for a myriad of symptoms and negative delivery experiences, including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and labor complications. However, data across human and animal studies show promise that nutritional interventions and physical activity may rescue much of the adverse effects of obesity on offspring metabolic health. Further, these maternal interventions improve the health of the offspring by reducing weight gain, cardiovascular disorders, and improving glucose tolerance. Mechanisms from animal studies have also been proposed to elucidate the signaling pathways that regulate inflammation, lipid metabolism, and oxidative capacity of the tissue, ultimately providing potential specific courses of treatment. This review aims to pinpoint the risks of maternal obesity and provide plausible intervention strategies. We delve into recent research involving both animal and human studies with maternal interventions. With the increasing concerning of obesity rates witnessed in the United States, it is imperative to acknowledge the long-term effects posed on future generations and specifically modify maternal nutrition and care to mitigate these adverse outcomes.
A study of Maternal Lipid Profile and adverse pregnancy outcome; Background : The maternal lipid profile has been increasingly recognized as a significant factor influencing pregnancy outcomes. Dyslipidemia during pregnancy can have adverse effects on both the mother and the fetus, potentially leading to complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restrictions. Understanding the relationship between maternal lipid levels and adverse pregnancy outcomes is crucial for developing strategies to improve maternal and fetal health. Aim and Objectives : To investigate the relationship between maternal lipid profiles and adverse pregnancy outcomes, emphasizing the potential mechanisms and clinical implications. Materials and Method : This study was a prospective cohort study conducted at the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department of Kakatiya Medical College/Hospital. Warangal, for the duration of one year. The study included 80 pregnant women attending the antenatal clinic at our institute, after getting informed consent from patients and approved by institutional Review board and meeting inclusion and exclusion criterial Results : majority of the patients were form age group of 26-30 Years, followed by 21 - 25 years, majority of the patients had normal BMI followed by Underweight(<18.5). Education showed graduation and above among most of the study participants followed by intermediate, and most of the patients underwent LSCS. study found that elevated levels of total cholesterol and LDL were significantly associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Higher triglyceride levels were also correlated with an increased likelihood of preterm birth and low birth weight. Conclusion: Assessing the serum lipid profile during pregnancy can serve as an early and cost-effective method to prevent the harmful effects of pregnancy-related hyperlipidemia.
Foley catheter versus cervical double balloon for labor induction: a prospective randomized study; Objective: Cervical ripening by mechanical methods enhances labor induction success. We compared Cervical Ripening Double Balloon catheter (CRDB) to Foley catheter. Study design: This prospective blind study randomized 85 nulliparas and 95 multiparas to labor induction by either Foley catheter or CRDB. Primary outcomes were Bishop score increment, time from catheter withdrawal to delivery, and cesarean section rate. Results: In multiparas, mean Bishop score increment between pre- and post-catheter was significantly higher in the CRDB catheter than in the Foley group (4.4 ± 1.9 and 3.4 ± 2.0, respectively, p =.02). Mean interval from catheter withdrawal to delivery was shorter in the CRDB catheter (14.6 ± 12.3 and 8.6 ± 5.4) than in the Foley catheter group (22.6 ± 27.2 and 13.9 ± 17.7), in both nulliparas and multiparas (p =.05 and p =.03, respectively). In nulliparas, no statistically significant differences were found in mean Bishop score increment between the two catheters, but cesarean section rate was higher in the Foley group than the CRDB group (46.5% and 20%, respectively, p =.02). Conclusion: Bishop score increment by CRDB catheter is more effective than induction by Foley catheter in multiparas. CRDB catheter is associated with decreased time to delivery in both nulliparas and multiparas and a lower cesarean section rate in nulliparas. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00501033.
Cardiac-associated biliary atresia (CABA): A prognostic subgroup; Objectives To describe the range of concurrent cardiac malformations in biliary atresia (BA) while providing a functional framework of risk. Methods: Demographic and variables were collected from a prospectively maintained single-centre database. Infants were grouped according to a cardiac functional framework (A=acyanotic, B=cyanotic and C=insignificant shunt). Primary outcome was set as clearance of jaundice (bilirubin ≤20 μmol/L) following Kasai portoenterostomy (KPE). Native liver survival and overall actuarial survival were compared with a date-matched control infant with BA (n=77). P value <0.05 was regarded as significant. Results: 524 infants with histologically confirmed BA were treated between January 1999 and December 2018, 37 (7%) had a concurrent cardiac anomaly (A: n=23 (62%), B: n=10 (27%), C: n=4 (11%)). Infants with biliary atresia splenic malformation (BASM) or cat-eye syndrome (CES) contributed over half of the cases (21/37; 57%). Overall, 20 (54%) infants cleared jaundice (vs 50/77 (65%) controls; p=0.2), but with higher mortality compared with the non-cardiac controls (15/37 (40%) vs 3/77 (4%); HR 15.5 (95% CI 5.5 to 43.4); p<0.00001). Infants requiring cardiac intervention in the first year of life (n=15) were more likely to clear jaundice (6/7 vs 2/8; p=0.04) and had a trend towards higher survival (6/7 vs 3/8; p=0.1) when KPE followed cardiac surgery. Yet, the type of cardiac pathology did not impact clearance of jaundice or mortality. Conclusion: We propose the term cardiac-associated biliary atresia (CABA) as a high-risk group. We believe that restorative cardiac surgery should precede KPE wherever possible to improve outcome.
Glucose Lowering Treatment Modalities of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; This chapter gives an overview of present knowledge and clinical aspects of antidiabetic drugs according to the recently available research evidence and clinical expertise. Many agents are acting on eight groups of pathophysiological mechanisms, which is commonly called as “Ominous Octet” by DeFronzo. The muscle, liver and β-cell, the fat cell, gastrointestinal tract, α-cell, kidney, and brain play essential roles in the development of glucose intolerance in type 2 diabetic individuals (Defronzo, Diabetes 58:773–795, 2009). A treatment paradigm shift is seen in the initiation of anti-hyperglycemic agents from old friends (meglitinides or sulphonylürea) to newer agents effecting on GLP-1 RA or SGLT-2 inhibitors. It is mostly about the other protective positive effects of these agents for kidney, heart, etc. Although there are concerns for the long term safety profiles; they are used widely around the World. The delivery of patient-centered care, facilitating medication adherence, the importance of weight loss in obese patients, the importance of co-morbid conditions are the mainstays of selecting the optimal agent.
A Systematic Review of 571 Pregnancies Affected by COVID-19; The outbreak of the novel coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease has been severe and a cause for major concern around the world. Due to immunological and physiological changes during pregnancy, pregnant women have a higher risk of COVID-19 morbidity and mortality. The aim of this study was to collect and integrate the results of previous studies to get an accurate representation and interpretation of the clinical symptoms, laboratory and radiological findings, and characteristics of pregnant women with COVID-19. We conducted a scientific search in main databases with a combination of related MESH terms and keywords. The outcomes included common clinical symptoms at the time of onset of the disease, common laboratory and radiological findings, the rates of vaginal delivery and Cesarean section, Cesarean section indications, maternal complications, and vertical transmission rates. A total of 51 studies comprising 571 pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia were included in the study. The most common symptoms were fever, cough, and dyspnea, respectively. Elevated C-reactive protein and ground-glass opacities were the most common laboratory and radiological findings of COVID-19 pneumonia, respectively. A total of 114 Cesarean sections were performed due to COVID-19-related concerns. There were 55 cases of intubation (11.6%) and 13 maternal deaths (2.3%). The vertical transmission rate was 7.9%. We conclude that the characteristics of pneumonia caused by COVID-19 in pregnant women do not appear to be different from those in the general population with COVID-19 infections. However, pregnant women with underlying diseases were more likely to develop COVID-19 than others, and, in those infected with the virus, the rate of Cesarean delivery and preterm birth increased.
Fetal growth trajectory in type 1 pregestational diabetes (PGDM) - an ultrasound study; OBJECTIVES: Growth disorders are frequent in diabetic pregnancies. However, they are difficult to predict and capture early during pregnancy. These newborns are at risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. While developing, fetal growth abnormalities are typically progressive. Therefore, capturing the earliest moment when they emerge is essential to guide subsequent obstetric management. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We aimed to analyze fetal ultrasound growth trajectories in type 1 diabetics. Moreover, we aimed to establish time points when first ultrasound manifestations of fetal growth abnormalities appear and to identify factors that affect fetal growth in women with diabetes. We collected clinical and ultrasound data from 200 patients with PGDM managed in the third-referential centre for diabetes in pregnancy. During every visit, patients underwent an ultrasound examination according to a standard protocol giving 1072 ultrasound scan's records. Every ultrasound consisted of fetal weight estimation, according to the Hadlock 3 formula. Retrospectively patients were divided into three groups depending on neonatal weight. In the group of 200 patients, 60 (30%) delivered LGA and 9 (4.5%) SGA newborns. RESULTS: Fetal growth trajectories show different patterns among fetuses with growth abnormalities in women with type 1 diabetes. The moment, when fetal growth curves diverge, seems to take place in the second trimester, just after the 23rd week of gestation. CONCLUSIONS: It suggests that fetal growth abnormalities in type 1 diabetes may have its roots much earlier than expected. In the first trimester, there were differences in LDL-cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglyceride levels and in insulin requirements between AGA, SGA and LGA subgroups.
SARS-CoV-2 acquisition post cardiac surgery in a neonate; INTRODUCTION: SARS-CoV-2 has been well documented in both pregnant mothers and neonates, with variable clinical presentations. To our knowledge, this is the first described case of neonatal SARS-CoV-2 in post-operative congenital cardiac disease, causing both acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and cytokine storm syndrome (CSS). METHODS: A term newborn infant, born to a COVIDnegative mother, was found postnatally to have a dextro transposition of the great arteries with multiple ventricular septal defects. Maternal serologies were negative and prenatal course was complicated by insulin-dependent gestational diabetes. He remained on room air until day of life (DOL) 5 when he was intubated for a CT-angiogram of his chest in anticipation of surgery the following day. He underwent an arterial switch operation on DOL 6. Postoperative complications included low cardiac output syndrome, junctional ectopic tachycardia and delayed extubation. On POD 12-13, patient's oxygenation index (OI) acutely rose from 19 to 42. A COVID-19 PCR was positive with a cycle threshold (Ct) of 21.4. His ferritin was 1982ng/mL and was started on IV dexamethasone 0.15mg/kg per day and IV anakinra 5mg/kg every 12 hours for COVIDinduced CSS. His OI peaked at 47 and required multiple vasopressors and inhaled nitric oxide support. He received 2ml/kg of surfactant on POD 14 and was given remdesivir 4mg/kg once, then 2mg/kg daily. His chest radiographs demonstrated shifting, patchy atelectasis throughout his course. He was extubated to high flow nasal cannula on POD 26. Patient continued to have a positive nasopharyngeal swab through POD 25 with increasing Ct (33.2 on POD 22 and 37.3 on POD 25). He ultimately was discharged home on 500ml per minute of oxygen and subcutaneous anakinra 5mg/kg. Given his degree of CSS, an immunodeficiency panel was sent that demonstrated PRKDC and RFX5 variants of unknown significance. RESULTS: At the time of this case, there had been no documented cases of SARS-CoV-2 in the pediatric cardiac intensive care unit. This case is important as it indicates that children with congenital heart disease are at risk for severe infection from this virus, which complicated his postoperative course.
Peripartum fulminant clostridioides difficile colitis; INTRODUCTION: Clostridioides difficile infection (CDI) in pregnant women has an increased incidence and severity. The risk factors for CDI in pregnancy include age over 35 years, multiple gestations, smoking, Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis, long-term antibiotic use, pneumonia, pyelonephritis, cesarean or perineal wound infection. Immune changes associated with pregnancy may also contribute. In pregnancy, the T helper 1 (Th1) response is downregulated and T helper 2 response is upregulated so that the maternal immune system does not reject the fetus. Clostridium difficileinduced colitis is mediated by a Th1 immune response. It is possible that the immunoregulation associated with pregnancy increases the risk of CDI by downregulating the Th1 response. METHODS: A 21-year-old, G1P0 female who had cesarean section (C-section) at 35 weeks and 4 days gestation presented six days later with upper abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. She had been diagnosed with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia and received 2g cefazolin prior to C-section. She had given birth to a healthy boy weighing 9 lb 7 oz. Leukocytosis (13.7 X10^9/L) and acute kidney injury were present. Computed tomography (CT) of abdomen and pelvis showed marked gaseous and fluid distention of the stomach, small bowel loops, and colon with minimal ascites. She developed diarrhea and stool Clostridioides difficile was positive. She was started on oral vancomycin and intravenous metronidazole. She developed multi-system organ failure with hypotension requiring intubation. Antibiotics were changed to meropenem and oral vancomycin. She further decompensated and required vasopressors. She then went into cardiac arrest and could not be resuscitated. Autopsy revealed patchy pseudomembranes on the mucosa of the distal small intestine and large intestine. There were focal areas of exudate with accompanying pus on the serosal aspects of the ascending colon, transverse colon, and bowel mesentery. RESULTS: A high index of suspicion of CDI is necessary for diagnosis in the peripartum period given significant increase in maternal fatality related to complications. Despite being young with no risk factors for CDI and having received only one dose of prophylactic antibiotic, our patient developed fulminant colitis leading to death.
Prevalence and Outcomes of Congenital Heart Disease in Very Low Birth Weight Preterm Infants: An Observational Study From the Brazilian Neonatal Network Database; Objectives: To evaluate the prevalence of congenital heart disease and their outcomes in a Brazilian cohort of very low birth weight preterm infants. Design: Post hoc analysis of data from the Brazilian Neonatal Network database, complemented by retrospective data from medical charts and a cross-sectional survey. Setting: Twenty public tertiary-care university hospitals. Patients: A total of 13,955 newborns weighing from 401 to 1,499 g and between 22 and 36 weeks of gestational age, born from 2010 to 2017. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: The prevalence of congenital heart disease was 2.45% (95% CI, 2.20-2.72%). In a multivariate regression analysis, risk factors associated with congenital heart disease were maternal diabetes (relative risk, 1.55; 95% CI, 1.11-2.20) and maternal age above 35 years (relative risk, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.73-2.51), whereas the protection factors were maternal hypertension (relative risk, 0.54; 95% CI, 0.43-0.69), congenital infection (relative risk, 0.45; 95% CI, 0.21-0.94), and multiple gestation (relative risk, 0.73; 95% CI, 0.55-0.97). The pooled standardized mortality ratio in patients with congenital heart disease was 2.48 (95% CI, 2.22-2.80), which was significantly higher than in patients without congenital heart disease (2.08; 95% CI, 2.03-2.13). However, in multiple log-binomial regression analyses, only the presence of major congenital anomaly, gestational age (< 29 wk; relative risk, 2.32; 95% CI, 2.13-2.52), and Score for Neonatal Acute Physiology and Perinatal Extension II (> 20; relative risk, 3.76; 95% CI, 3.41-4.14) were independently associated with death, whereas the effect of congenital heart disease was spotted only when a conditional inference tree approach was used. Conclusions: The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease in this cohort of very low birth weight infants was higher and with higher mortality than in the general population of live births. The occurrence of a major congenital anomaly, gestational age (< 29 wk), and Score for Neonatal Acute Physiology and Perinatal Extension II (> 20) were significantly and independently associated with death, whereas the association of congenital heart disease and death was only evident when a major congenital anomaly was present.
Differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters in complication-free pregnancies, women with preeclampsia and women with gestational diabetes mellitus: An observational retrospective analysis; Background Pregnancy induces several physiological changes to a woman's body which are poorly understood1,2. This study aimed to investigate differences in hemodynamic, hormonal and heart rate variability parameters (HRV) in women following complication-free pregnancies (healthy), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) after giving childbirth. Materials Retrospective data of 60 women (healthy: n = 29, age 32.7 ± 4 years, BMI 24.2 ± 4.3 kg / m2; preeclampsia: n = 16, age 35.3 ± 4.4 years, 28.5±6.4 kg / m2; GDM, n = 15, age 32.3±6.0 years, BMI 26.4 ± 6.2 kg / m2) were included. Two visits were conducted 16 and 48 weeks after giving childbirth. Hair samples were taken for analysis of cortisol and testosterone. ECG and continuous blood pressure were recorded with the Task Force Monitor®. Data were analysed via RM-ANOVA and post-hoc testing (p≤0.05). Results Heart rate increased in groups between visits (p = 0.03) whereas SDNN decreased (p = 0.03), RMSSD showed only an increased trend for GDM(p = 0.07). In GDMtestosterone was increased compared to other groups (Visit 1: healthy; preeclampsia; GDM: 0.8 ± 37; 0.86 ± 31; 1.27 ± 0.75 Visit 2: 0.88 ± 0.37; 0.86 ± 0.31; 1.27 ± 0.63 pg / mg) (for both visits p = 0.002). Cortisol levels were only different for GDMcompared to healthy individuals (Visit 1: Healthy; GDM; 13.71 ± 6.25; 18.80 ± 9.61, Visit 2: 12.29 ± 5.11; 17.84 ± 10.08 pg / mg) (p = 0.02). Hemodynamic changes from week 16 to week 48 did not differ between groups. No differences between individuals with preeclampsia and healthy individuals were found for all parameters (p > 0.05). Conclusion The study showed higher levels of chronic stress indicators in GDM compared to healthy women following childbirth. The trend found for heart rate variability (RMSSD) underpins the hormonal findings.
Endovascular management of episiotomy site hematoma: Two cases and a brief review; Episiotomy site hematoma, though uncommon, can be associated with serious maternal morbidity. It arises mostly due to tissue trauma or injury to blood vessels, leading to the formation of a pseudoaneurysm. Sometimes, when surgical management fails, embolization of the bleeding vessel is a lifesaving option. Here, we report two cases of episiotomy site hematoma that required selective arterial embolization for management, following the failure of surgical management. A 28-year-old G6A5 woman underwent forceps delivery following which she developed a 6*6-cm right-sided vulvovaginal hematoma at the episiotomy site. After failed surgical management, arterial embolization was performed and hemostasis was achieved. A 26-year-old P2L2 woman with a history of surgical exploration for episiotomy site hematoma, presented postdelivery on postpartum day seven with profuse vaginal bleeding. Her computed tomography angiogram revealed a pseudoaneurysm of around 2.1*1 cm in length with a vaginal hematoma of 4*5 cm. Selective artery embolization performed and complete hemostasis was achieved with no complications. Selective arterial embolization is a safe therapeutic option for episiotomy site hematoma, especially if surgical management fails.
Polyhdramnios: Several causes-broad phenotype; Background The prevalence of polyhydramnios (PH) is 1-2%; severe cases requiring amnioreduction are rare. PH is associated with fetal and perinatal morbidity. There are several conditions with PH: multiple gestations, fetal anemia, gestational diabetes, fetal infections (TORCH), anatomical or chromosomal/genetic anomalies (e.g. RASopathies, VACTERL, Bartter). Methods Review of our local severe cases between 2015 and 2019. Results Case 1: Preterm girl (35 6/7 weeks gestation, birth weight 2685g) with PH requiring repeated amnioreduction. Genetic analysis confirmed Bartter type 2. Postnatal course included polyuria with metabolic alkalosis, hyponatraemia and transient hyperkalemia followed by hypokalemia. Renal ultrasound showed medullary nephrocalcinosis. The girl's development and growth is normal on indomethacin and sodium supplement. Cases 2 and 3: Girl (38 5/7 weeks, 2950g) and her brother (38 2/7 weeks, 3500g) had PH. The postnatal course was uneventful with normal clinical examination, laboratory findings and renal ultrasound leading to final diagnosis of familial idiopathic PH. Case 4: Girl (37 5/7 weeks, 2380g) has prenatally been diagnosed with atrioventricular septal defect and PH. Noonan syndrome was confirmed postnatally based on family history, typical facial features and genetic testing. The patient died at 5 months secondary to heart failure. Case 5: Preterm girl (33 5/7 weeks, 2140g) presented with severe PH without other anomalies suggestive of Bartter's syndrome requiring amnioreduction. The postnatal course was complicated by hyponatraemia and polyuria, but also severe hypertension (130 mm Hg). Ultrasound on day 2 showed apparently 2 normal kidneys; repeated ultrasound on day 5 revealed impaired arterial flow of the left kidney and dilated infrarenal aorta. MRI and angiography confirmed unilateral left renal artery stenosis and mid-aortic syndrome. Subsequent balloon dilatation of the renal artery and aorta resulted in normalization of urine volume and electrolytes. Conclusion Polyhydramnios can be categorised into inherited, idiopathic or acquired cases. The prenatal course does often not predict a specific diagnosis, making counseling of parents difficult. Final diagnosis is based on postnatal course, clinical and laboratory findings and genetic analysis.
The role of primary care providers in pregnancyrelated cardiovascular disease risk management in the first postpartum year: A synthesis of clinical practice recommendations; BACKGROUND: Several pregnancy complications are linked to future risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Such conditions, known as pregnancyrelated CVD risk indicators, are recognized by the American Heart Association and can inform CVD prevention. However, most primary care internists have low levels of comfort and experience with pregnancy-related health topics. In addition, the Internal Medicine literature lacks comprehensive practical guidance for primary care providers (PCPs) regarding pregnancy-related CVD risk management. METHODS: We systematically searched 3 databases (PubMed, EMBASE, and CINAHL) and manually searched clinical websites (Guideline Central, ACOG, USPSTF, AAFP, ACP, SGIM, ADA, and AHA/ACC), Google, and Google Scholar for guidelines related to postpartum care in the United States from 2010 to 2020. Two authors independently conducted title and abstract screening followed by full text review for guidelines or society recommendations relevant to pregnancy-related CVD risk assessment or management by PCPs in the year after pregnancy. A third author resolved discrepancies. RESULTS: Of 972 unique publications, 12 met inclusion criteria, representing a range of clinical specialties. None was written specifically for Internal Medicine-trained PCPs. Several recommended comprehensive CVD risk assessment within 3 months postpartum for any patient with a history of a pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator, followed by lifestyle counseling or pharmacotherapy and follow- up within 1 year postpartum. Additional screening and follow-up in the first postpartum year were recommended for patients with prior hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes. Most recommendations were based on limited or inconsistent evidence, consensus or expert opinion, or were ungraded. Several areas of uncertainty for future research were identified, including CVD risk assessment that incorporates pregnancy complications, and the optimal timing and content of ongoing CVD risk assessments. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical practice recommendations for the identification and management of pregnancy-related CVD risk by PCPs during the first postpartum year are scattered, at times conflicting, and generally based on unclear or weak evidence. Clear and comprehensive practice guidance is urgently needed to enable PCPs to address CVD risk after medically complicated pregnancies. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Review the evidence for CVD risk assessment and prevention starting within the first postpartum year. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Understand the role of primary care providers in the identification and management of pregnancy-related CVD risk.
Disparities in gestational diabetes mellitus among us- and foreign-born women: An analysis of 2016-2017 national health interview survey; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common adverse pregnancy outcome, affecting approximately 6-9% of pregnancies in the US. General internists play a role in preconception lifestyle counseling that may address cardiometabolic risk factors associated with GDM. GDM is associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and prior studies have reported increased prevalence of GDM among foreign born women compared to US unborn. However, it is unclear whether cardiometabolic risk factors for GDM differ between US-born and foreign-born women and whether length of US residence among foreign-born women influences these associations. METHODS: We analyzed cross-sectional data from the 2016-2017 National Health Interview Survey among women currently living in the US who both reported ever being pregnant and reported a GDM status. Using logistic regression, we examined the prevalence of GDM by nativity status and length of US residence adjusting for potential confounders. RESULTS: Of 24,466 women in the sample, 14.3% were foreign-born. The crude prevalence of GDM was higher among foreign-born (9.0%) compared to US-born women (7.1%; p<0.001). Foreign-born women with ≥15 years of residence in the US had the highest age-standardized GDM prevalence (9.1%) compared to US-born women (7.8%) and foreign-born women with <15 years US residence (5.8%). Among women with a history of GDM, US-born women had a higher prevalence of overweight or obesity, hypertension, current smoking and alcohol use, than foreign-born women. Among foreign-born women, those with ≥15 years of US residence had higher prevalence of hypertension, current smoking and alcohol use than those with <15 years of US residence. In the fully adjusted regression model, only foreign-born women with ≥15 years of residence in the US had a significantly higher prevalence of GDM than US-born women (PR=1.37; 95% CI:1.18-1.60). CONCLUSIONS: Greater length of US residence contributes to nativityrelated disparities in women with GDM. Acculturation, including changing health-related behaviors, may have an important impact on maternal health outcomes of foreign-born women, and should be further investigated to appropriate target interventions to reduce GDM and future cardiometabolic diseases. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Recognize cardiometabolic risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Consider the internist role in counseling foreign-born women with at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus.
Feasibility of an mhealth postpartum lifestyle intervention for women with cardiometabolic risk pre-and mid-covid: The fit after baby pilot randomized controlled trial; BACKGROUND: Postpartum women with overweight/obesity and with a history of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, small-for-gestational age deliveries, and/or preterm birth are at high risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Postpartum weight loss and lifestyle changes can decrease these risks, yet traditional face-to-face interventions often fail. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program into a theory-based mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby (FAB) and tested FAB in a pilot randomized controlled trial. METHODS: FAB delivers daily evidence-based content, facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and activity, provides weekly coaching, and includes gamification using points and rewards. We randomized women at 6 wks postpartum 2:1 to FAB or Text4Baby (T4B) app (active control). Participants were asked to read daily content for 84 days, measure weight and check in with a lifestyle coach weekly. We measured weight and administered behavioral questionnaires at 6 wks, and 6 and 12 months postpartum, and collected app user data. An additional survey assessed the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. RESULTS: We randomized 82 women (77% White, 2% Asian, 15% Black, with 23% Hispanic), mean baseline BMI 32±5 kg/m2 and age 31±5.1 years. Participants logged into the app a median of 51/84 (IQR 25,71) days, wore activity trackers 66/84 times (IQR 43,84) days, weighed in 17 times (IQR 11,24), and did coach check-ins 5.5/12 (IQR 4,9) weeks. The COVID-19 pandemic interrupted data collection for the primary 12 month endpoint, and impacted diet, physical activity, and body weight for many participants. Among 47 participants surveyed about the impact of COVID, 39% reported less physical activity than usual (28% reported more), and 33% reported eating more poorly than usual (11% reported more healthfully), and 35% reported gaining weight (24% losing weight). Weight change at 12 months from baseline was -8.9 lbs [95% CI 4.3,13.6] in the FAB group and -5.2 lbs [95% CI +0.8,-11.2] (p=0.66). However, on average FAB participants affected by COVID gained weight from baseline (mean +1.1 lbs, [95% CI -8,+10.2] while T4B lost 6.7 lbs [95% CI -20.4,+7.1]. At 12 months, 45% of FAB vs. 31% of T4B achieved clinically meaningful weight loss of at least 5% (p=0.4), with 65% vs. 52% back to prepregnancy weight (p=0.4). Accumulating points was significantly associated with weight loss at 6 months (p<0.05). At 6 months the FAB group decreased kilocalorie, saturated fat, and % added sugar intake by more than control, by 15% (p=0.14), 22% (p=0.07), 4% (p=0.14) respectively. CONCLUSIONS: The mHealth FAB program demonstrated feasibility and a high level of engagement among overweight/obese women at elevated cardiometabolic risk. Given the scalability and potential public health impact, the efficacy for decreasing cardiometabolic risk by decreasing postpartum weight retention and improving diet and activity should be tested in a larger trial. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Transform clinical care LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: mHealth for disease prevention.
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease risk and follow-up in the year after delivery at an urban safety net hospital; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicatorspregnancy complications associated with future CVDaffect up to 1 in 3 parous individuals in the U.S. Such patients require primary care to reduce CVD risk beginning within the year after delivery. Gaps in postpartum care for Black, Hispanic, and low-income patients likely contribute to longterm chronic disease inequities. We sought to understand factors associated with pregnancy-related CVD risk and follow-up at Boston Medical Center (BMC), New England's largest safety-net hospital, in order to improve care delivery and equity. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients with prenatal care and delivery at BMC between 2016 and 2018. Maternal demographics, reproductive health characteristics, and health care use through 1 year after delivery were extracted from the medical record. Pregnancy-related CVD risk indicators including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery (<37 weeks' gestation), low birthweight (<2500 grams), and stillbirth were extracted using ICD10 codes. We examined the distribution of maternal sociodemographic and clinical characteristics, and assessed the prevalence of maternal health care use by established timepoints throughout the first postpartum year, overall and between groups with and without a pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator. RESULTS: Of 8531 deliveries between 2016-2018, we identified 3738 unique eligible patients. More than half identified as non-Hispanic Black, and nearly one-fifth as Hispanic. Thirty percent had a primary language other than English. Over 70% were publicly insured. Nearly 40% (1428, 38.2%) had at least 1 pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (903, 24.2%), preterm delivery (455, 12.2%), low birth weight (430, 11.5%), gestational diabetes (278, 7.4%), and stillbirth (19, 0.5%). Compared to those without any CVD risk indicator, only obesity (18.9% v 28.6%) and caesarean delivery (34.6% v. 45.5%) were associated with having a pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator. Overall, 62.4% of patients had a health care encounter by 6 weeks postpartum, with higher rates after complicated pregnancies (67.0% vs 59.6%). At the end of 1 year postpartum, 20% of patients with a pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator still had no encounters for care at BMC. Analyses to identify factors associated with follow-up are ongoing. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly 40% of patients delivering at BMC have a pregnancy-related CVD risk indicator, of whom at least 20% receive no care for their CVD risk within the first postpartum year. Further research to understand facilitators and barriers to postpartum care, and interventions to support transitions to primary care after medically complicated pregnancies, are urgently needed. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: To assess the unmet need for pregnancyrelated CVD risk management at an urban safety net hospital LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: To identify factors associated with pregnancy-related CVD risk and follow-up at an urban safety net hospital.
Racial differences in non-traditional risk factors associated with cardiovascular conditions in pregnancy in us women veterans; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are important predictors of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women. Non-traditional factors, including depression, PTSD, chronic stress and intimate partner violence (IPV) have been associated with CVD, but their role on pregnancyrelated cardiovascular conditions remain unknown. METHODS: Using data from a longitudinal cohort of pregnant women Veterans from across the US (COMFORT), we aimed to determine the association between non-traditional factors and cardiovascular conditions in pregnancy and explore whether this varies by race. We described the prevalence of non-traditional cardiovascular risk factors (depression, anxiety, PTSD, chronic stress, IPV), and military sexual trauma) among pregnant women Veterans. We used logistic regression to identify the odds of having a cardiovascular condition in pregnancy (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, or preterm delivery) by these non-traditional factors, controlling for known risk factors. Descriptive and logistic analyses were then stratified by race (Black vs. White). RESULTS: Among 706 women enrolled from Jan 2016 - Jan 2020, 26% had a pregnancy-related cardiovascular condition. These women had significantly higher rates of depression (62% vs. 45%, p<0.01), anxiety (50% vs. 37%, p=0.01), PTSD (44% vs. 29%, p<0.01), and high stress levels prior to pregnancy (22% vs. 16%, p=0.05) compared to women with normal pregnancies. Overall, these non-traditional factors were not associated with increased odds of having cardiovascular conditions in pregnancy. However, when stratified by race, Black women with a cardiovascular condition in pregnancy had higher rates of depression and PTSD and significantly higher rates of IPV compared to White Women (21% vs. 6%, p=0.03). IPV was associated with an increased odds of a pregnancy- related cardiovascular condition among Black women, though not statistically significant (OR 5.06, 95% CI 0.94-27.25). Despite this, Black women with a pregnancy-related cardiovascular condition had the highest rates of PCP follow-up within 9 months postpartum (82% vs. 72% of White women). CONCLUSIONS: Women Veterans with pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions have disproportionately high rates of depression, anxiety, PTSD, and chronic stress. Racial disparities exist in the distribution of pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk factors, which may further compound existing racial disparities in CVD outcomes among women Veterans. High rates of postpartum follow- up among provide a critical opportunity for innovative approaches to optimize these CVD risk factors among women Veterans for early disease prevention. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: To understand the association between nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular conditions in pregnancy. LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: To explore whether this relationship is modified by race.
Our experience in a childhood stroke clinic. potential applications of neurosonological examination; Background and Aims: Presumed perinatal ischemic stroke (PPIS) defines children presenting outside a normal perinatal period with chronic, focal infarction on neuroimaging. We describe the characteristics of PPIS attended in a Childhood Stroke Clinic in a third level hospital and correlated the findings from the neurosonological examination with the MRA. Validating ultrasound as a tool to rule out vascular pathology in PPIS would reduce costs and avoid the need for anesthesia. Methods: We retrospectively collected the cases PPIS attended at the Virgen Macarena Hospital in the period 01/01/2005-01/12/2020. The risk factors, clinical and radiological findings were analyzed. The results from supra-aortic trunk and transcranial doppler (SAT/TCD) conducted by trained neurologists were compared to MRA. Results: We report 20 cases of PPIS. The mean age at diagnosis was 28 months. 40% of the mothers suffered previous abortions. The most prevalent risk factor was gestational diabetes mellitus (60%). The majority were arterial strokes (73%) in the territory of the left middle cerebral artery (60%). MRA did not provide any relevant additional information from what we obtained with SAT/DTC. A case with elevated factor VIII and a case with protein S deficiency were detected through thrombophilia tests. All patients suffered some type of sequelae and no recurrence stroke occurred in the cohort. Conclusions: We report our experience in one of the first Childhood Stroke Clinics that helped modifying management of some patients during this study. In addition, we have obtained good correlation rates between SAT/DTC and MRA, which could change the diagnostic paradigm in pediatric vascular pathology.
Materno-fetal hemodynamics in pregnant women affected by previous COVID-19 infection; INTRODUCTION The ongoing global pandemic of Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has dramatically impacted on public health in the lasts months. The aetiology of the disease is related to a thrombotic microangiopathy, that can occur in several body compartments. In literature, molecular analysis of placental tissues revealed that the barrier between mother and fetus, damaged by high viral load of COVID-19, showed massive fibrin deposition and necrosis of the syncytiotrophoblast layer of the villi, without evidence of vertical transmission. The first aim of our study is to evaluate materno-fetal hemodynamics in pregnant women affected by previous COVID-19. The second aim of our study is to assess the utility of placental magnetic resonance, as previously described for maternal infectious disease. METHODS A retrospective pilot study in a tertiary maternity unit within a university hospital was conducted. We included pregnant women affected by previous COVID-19 infection, who underwent blood tests (inflammatory markers, coagulation tests, antibodies rate), obstetric Doppler ultrasound monthly, for the evaluation of fetal biometry and maternal uterine arteries, fetal middle cerebral artery and umbilical artery blood flow, and fetal magnetic resonance, focused on the examination of placenta. Moreover, gestational age at first positive Real Time-PCR test, seroconversion time, fetal echocardiography, maternal lung ultrasound score and perinatal outcomes were assessed. RESULTS From March 2020 to March 2021, among 36 pregnant women selected, twenty patients met inclusion criteria and were enrolled. Patients mean age was 33.3 years and they were divided into two groups: the largest part of these (70%) was symptomatic, with two or more symptoms (the most common was fever), while 6/20 (30%) patients were asymptomatic. No difference in adverse obstetrical and perinatal outcomes between symptomatic and asymptomatic group was registered (35.71% [5/14] vs. 33.33% [2/6]; p=.91). The most common pregnancy complication was gestational diabetes. The estimated fetal weight mean percentile was in normal ranges in both groups (37° in symptomatic group vs. 33.5°; p=.4). A good percentage of patients showed an altered fetal Doppler velocimetry (4/14 [28.57%] vs 3/6 [50%]; p=.35). Fetal echocardiography was normal in 78.57% of symptomatic women and in 66.66% of asymptomatic (p=.57). Fetal magnetic resonance did not proved any placental or fetal anomaly. Mean gestational age at delivery was 39.5 weeks in symptomatic group and 38.2 in asymptomatic group (p=.14). None preterm birth occurred. The average baby weight at birth was 3600 g in the first group and 3250 g in the second one (p=.39). None had a pathological Apgar score at first and 5th minute. CONCLUSIONS No statistically significant differences between symptomatic and asymptomatic group were found in obstetrical and perinatal outcomes, ultrasound and radiological findings. The additional role of fetal magnetic resonance turned out to be not useful. A larger sample of patients would be necessary to better investigate materno-fetal hemodynamic aspects after COVID-19 infection.
The hemodynamic effects of fetal ductus arteriosus closure in the neonatal period at different gestational age: A case series; INTRODUCTION Intrauterine ductus arteriosus (DA) closure is rare, particularly under 32 weeks of gestational age (wGA) because of the decreased sensitivity of ductal tissue to factors that promote constriction at earlier GA, and often results in significant morbidity and mortality [1]. Its incidence is unknown. Premature DA closure leads to increased blood volume through pulmonary arteries causing pulmonary hypertension and thus right ventricular hypertrophy/dilation, tricuspid regurgitation, fetal hydrops until intrauterine or postnatal death [2-4]. Herein we report two cases, one with prenatal diagnosis of DA closure in extremely premature newborn and another one about term newborn in which diagnosis was made in the immediate postnatal period; no maternal medication intake was reported in both cases. CASE REPORTS Pt 1 was born at 27+6 wGA from cesarean section (CS) from biamniotic monochorionic twin pregnancy. At 18 wGA fetoscopic laser was performed for the suspect of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome. At 25 wGA the mother was hospitalized for pPROM; fetal monitoring ultrasound was normal until 27 weeks when the suspicion of closed DA was raised. Fetal echocardiography at 27+5 wGA showed DA closure, hypertrophic and dilated right ventricle, tricuspid insufficiency and supra-systemic pulmonary pressure. Baby presented respiratory distress at birth and was intubated. He progressively developed severe pulmonary hypertension which required iNO (up to 25 ppm) and pulmonary antihypertensive drugs, such as milrinone and sildenafil. On the 13 day of life, Bosentan was started and iNO was continued while on NCPAP and non-invasive ventilation for a total of 50 days. The Respiratory Distress Syndrome was challenging as he required 5 doses of surfactant and he later developed bronchopulmonary dysplasia. The child was discharged on Bosentan therapy, which was continued for 4 months. Echocardiography after bosentan discontinuation was completely normalized. Pt 2 was born at 38+0 wGA from urgent CS for alteration of cardiotocographic trace. Diet-treated maternal gestational diabetes has been reported. At birth baby required ventilation for 2 min; APGAR score at 5 min was normal. Non-invasive respiratory support was needed for the development of respiratory distress to maintain saturations. Chest x-ray showed enlarged cardiac shadow and echocardiogram documented biventricular hypertrophy, dilated right atrium, aneurysmal duct and mild pulmonary hypertension. On clinical examination she had hepatosplenomegaly; blood tests revealed thrombocytopenia that required transfusion and increased liver and cardiac enzymes, due to probable right heart failure secondary to fetal ductal constriction. She required oxygen until day 10 with improvement of clinical conditions. Post-discharge echocardiography still showed mild ventricular hypertrophy. CONCLUSIONS Clinical Manifestations of Fetal DA Closure Range From Mild To Severe Symptoms Until respiratory failure. This event can be diagnosed antenatally with fetal echocardiography and pulsed wave [2] and a multidisciplinary approach is required to define better modalities and timing of delivery [4]. The most frequent neonatal complication is persistent pulmonary hypertension which may require intensive treatment, especially in preterm newborns with comorbidity. These two cases suggest to consider fetal DA closure in case of right overload and tricuspid insufficiency in the absence of structural heart disease but also in every newborn with unexplained pulmonary hypertension.
Relationship between morpho-functional changes in cardiac cells and maternal hemodynamics; INTRODUCTION Profound and concomitant cardiovascular hemodynamic changes, necessary to support fetoplacental development and its increasing supply demands, occur during a physiological pregnancy. The result of these changes is a volume overload that leads to several compensatory transient heart adaptations. Pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), particularly those complicated also by fetal growth restriction (FGR), are characterized by a cardiovascular maladaptation. Moreover, endothelial dysfunction may persist after delivery causing an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and heart failure (HF). Despite the importance of the problem, very little is known about the link between HDP and CVD. The aim of this study is to explore the relationship between maternal hemodynamic parameters and morpho-functional cardiac changes in pregnancy complicated by HDP. METHODS This is a prospective multicenter observational cohort study. Women who have experienced HDP during their pregnancy were recruited for the purpose of this study and were divided into two groups: (1) women with appropriate for gestational age fetuses (HDP-AGA) and (2) women with growth restricted fetuses (HDP-FGR). Echocardiography data on cardiac function during pregnancy were available, together with a sera sample. A group of normotensive women with uneventful pregnancies was recruited as control. Primary cultures of neonatal rat cardiomyocytes were used as a model to investigate the role of the sera in regulating their proliferation. EdU (5-ethynyl-2'-deoxyuridine) was administered to mark DNA synthesis in proliferating cells. After 3 days of in vitro culture, EdU incorporation was analysed upon immunofluorescence staining using specific antibodies by high content microscopy. A possible protective effect against apoptosis exerted by the selected sera was evaluated, as well, by Caspase activation. RESULTS Overall, 39 women (12 HDP-AGA, 16 HDP-FGR and 11 controls) were included for the analysis. Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was significantly associated with a decrease in total vascular resistance (TVR). In particular, TVR decreases by 22.5 units in women with GDM. Hashimoto's thyroiditis was also associated with a significant decrease in TVR and SVRI (about 343 and 188 units, respectively). Regarding TVR, in the HDP-AGA group, a unitary increase in CM proliferation corresponded to a significant increase in TVR equal to 170.8 units and a unit increase in apoptosis was associated with a decrease in TVR of 0.037 units. Regarding SVRI, a unitary increase in CM proliferation corresponded to a significant increase in SVRI only in the HDP-FGR group, equal to 194.4 units. A significant reduction effect in apoptosis was observed both in the controls and HDP-FGR group: by a unitary increase in apoptosis, there was a decrease in SVRI (0.03 units in the normotensive group and 0.06 units in HDP-FGR). No other significant associations were found. CONCLUSIONS Our results show a relationship between maternal haemodynamic parameters and morpho-functional changes in cardiac cells. Furthermore, there is an association between TVR and apoptosis in line with the oxidative stress typical of placental insufficiency.
Study on Inborn and Outborn Neonatal Admissions in Relation to Gestational Maturity in Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at a Tertiary Care University Hospital in Upper Egypt; Neonatal morbidity and mortality rates indicate a country's socioeconomic status and the quality, and effectiveness of its health care system. This research aimed to identify the clinical pattern and causes of neonatal admission for inborn and outborn babies in a tertiary care university hospital and their outcomes. Over a year, this prospective hospital-based research was conducted in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of Assiut Children's Hospital in Upper Egypt (January 1st to December 31st, 2020). Gender, birth weight, gestational age, postnatal age, delivery mode, delivery place, admission cause, hospital stay period, and neonatal outcomes were collected. A total of 1,638 newborns were admitted; 930 (56.8%) were preterm and 708 (43.2%) full-term. Inborn admissions were 1,056 (64.5%) and outborn 582 (35.5%). The majority of inborn admissions were preterm 726 (68.8%), and outborn were full-term 378 (64.9%). The commonest admission causes among inborn and outborn preterm infants were respiratory distress syndrome (84.3%) and congenital intestinal obstruction (22.5%), respectively, while multiple congenital anomalies were the commonest cause for admission among both inborn and outborn full-term babies. The mortality rate was 708 (43.2%), higher among inborn (50%) versus outborn (30.9%). The leading cause of death was respiratory distress syndrome among premature inborn with case fatality rate of (56.9%) and multiple congenital anomalies among premature outborn (60%), as well as inborn (67.4%), and outborn (42.6%) full-term neonates. In conclusion, the neonatal mortality rate was high among studied cases. Morbidity and mortality of respiratory distress syndrome and congenital anomalies were alarmingly high. Therefore, all health care providers must devote a considerable effort to improve health care delivered to these neonates.
Gender differences in atherosclerotic vascular disease: From lipids to clinical outcomes; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) are one of the main reasons of death and morbidity in the world. Both women and men have high rates of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, although gender-related differences in mortality and morbidity rates are observed in different age groups of the population. In the large cohort of cardiovascular disease, ischemic heart disease (IHD), heart failure (HF), systemic hypertension, and valvular heart disease are particularly common in the population. CVDs caused by atherosclerosis are in the first place in terms of frequency, that is why society is particularly interested in this problem. The development and course of atherosclerotic processes associated with lipid and other metabolic changes are characterized by a long latent period, the clinical manifestation is often an acute vascular catastrophe, which can lead to human disability and death. Differences associated with sex are observed in the clinical course and manifestations, which raises the suspicion that gender influences processes related to atherosclerosis. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ACD) includes two main most dangerous clinical manifestations: IHD and cerebrovascular disease (mainly ischemic stroke). Other less common clinical manifestations of atherosclerosis include aortic atherosclerosis and peripheral vascular disease. Gender-related differences were also identified concerning these diseases. The present review discusses the effects of gender and age on atherosclerotic processes, disease development, and clinical manifestations. The metabolic basis for the development of atherosclerosis appears to be related to sex hormones. Thus this issue is interesting and useful for doctors of different specialties.
Machine learning to predict cardiometabolic outcomes in people living with overweight and obesity; Background: Obesity is the most common chronic disease in the U.S. People living with overweight and obesity (PLWO) are at an increased risk for adverse cardiometabolic outcomes, including atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). It is important to identify patients with obesity at high risk for these conditions to be able to appropriately direct treatment and resources. Methods: Electronic medical records for adults aged between 18 and 80 with BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2 between 2000 and 2019 were used to build predictive models for onset of ASCVD and T2D. For each analysis, we selected patients without baseline history of the outcome of interest. We first identified a literature-based pool of risk factors for each condition. We then compared two predictive models: a) random survival forest (RSF) and b) lasso penalized Cox regression for variable selection followed by Cox proportional hazards model with competing risks. Both models were built on an 80% training dataset and evaluated on a 20% validation dataset. Results: Over a mean of 7.4 years of follow-up, 46,779 out of 399,360 (11.7%) and 38,898 out of 399,711 (9.7%) patients developed ASCVD and T2D, respectively. Mean age was 47 years and mean BMI was 30 kg/m2 in both populations. RSF predictive models achieved Harrell's C-statistic of 0.812 and 0.823 while Cox models achieved 0.801 and 0.803. In Cox models, greatest risk of ASCVD was associated with heart failure (HR 1.74; 95% CI 1.61 - 1.88) and stimulant abuse (HR 1.58; 95% CI 1.38 - 1.81) and greatest risk of T2D was associated with history of gestational diabetes (HR 2.50; 95% CI 2.09 - 3.00) and family history of T2D (HR 2.04; 95% CI 1.98 - 2.09). Conclusions: Predictive modeling can identify PLWO at high risk of adverse outcomes. Interpretable Cox models achieve results close to machine learning methods and can be used to identify patient characteristics indicative of higher risk, potentially helpful for population health management and clinical treatment decisions.
EARLY PREDICTION of GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS by IN-VIVO MAGNETIC RESONANCE IMAGING; Purpose of Study Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of cardiovascular and metabolic disease in both mothers and their offspring, and central obesity is associated with the development of GDM. Detection of GDM in early gestation may improve health outcomes of at-risk mothers and babies. Our group and others have developed invivo magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) modalities suitable for monitoring pregnancies during early gestation. We hypothesized that early gestation MRI will predict the subsequent development of GDM. Methods Used 200 women were recruited in the first trimester of pregnancy. We recorded the pregnancy course through four visits (at 11-14 weeks, 19-22 weeks, 36 weeks, and at delivery), and conducted chart reviews to gather clinical outcomes on the mother-baby dyad. Two MRIs were prospectively performed on each subject, at 14-16 weeks and 19-22 weeks. Using imaging software, placental volume was obtained by tracing placental regions of interest in three axes. Fat content was measured from the L1 through L5 vertebrae. Subcutaneous fat area ratio (SFAR) was derived by assessing the subcutaneous fat area normalized to the whole trunk area; visceral fat area ratio (VFAR) was derived by assessing the visceral fat area normalized to the whole visceral area. Summary of Results A total of 191 subjects were analyzed (table 1). 169 women (88%) did not develop GDM, forming our control group. 22 women (12%) developed GDM. SFAR did not differ between the GDM and control groups in either the first or the second MRI scans. In contrast, mean VFAR, as analyzed by the two-tailed T-test, was higher in the GDM group versus the control group, at both the first (p<0.0001) and second MRI (p = 0.002). Receiver operating characteristic curves (ROC) for VFAR, using the Wilcoxon rank-sum test, revealed an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.895 (p < 0.001) and 0.806 (p = 0.003) for the first and second MRIs, respectively. In contrast the SFAR ROC AUCs were not predictive. Mean placental volumes, as analyzed by two-tailed T-test, did not differ between the GDM and control group at the first MRI, but were significantly larger in GDM vs controls (p = 0.01) at the second MRI. ROC AUCs for placental volumes were not predictive at the first, but predictive at the second MRI (AUC = 0.6517; p = 0.03). Conclusions Visceral fat area and placental volume in early gestation may be predictive of the subsequent development of GDM. We speculate such early predictions set the stage for undertaking streamlined clinical trials towards developing timely interventions in improving outcomes for mothers and children.
Diazoxide responsive congenital hyperinsulinism; Introduction: Congenital Hyperinsulism (CHI) is a common cause of recurrent and persistent hypoglycemia in the neonatal period. Diazoxide is the first line medication used for the management of CHI. We report the clinical profile and the management outcome of a large cohort of patients with diazoxide responsive CHI. Methodology: A retrospective data collection including antenatal, perinatal and postnatal clinical parameters, laboratory diagnostic data, genetic tests and treatment duration was undertaken on 103 CHI patients managed in a quaternary referral center over a 10 year period. Results: 90 patients with diazoxide responsive CHI were included in the final analysis. Among these, 78 patients were diagnosed in the neonatal period (mean age of diagnosis 1.36 days [SEM +0.4]). Majority of them were boys (69.4%). Nearly 1/3rd of the patients were premature and 1/3rd were born small for gestational age (SGA). Twelve patients presented in the postneonatal period (after 1 month of life) with CHI and none had history of prematurity, SGA or gestational diabetes mellitus. The mean dose of diazoxide was 4mg/kg/day (+0.22). Baseline echocardiogram was undertaken in all patients prior to diazoxide initiation. The average duration of the diazoxide therapy was 8.5±6 months and 81.9% needed treatment for less than 2 years. Children needing treatment for >2 years were found to have high C-peptide (p=0.02) at the time of diagnosis. Genetic mutation was found in 11.1% among the overall study group [11p15.5 methylation defect (1), HNF4A (2), HNF1A (1), INSR (1), GLUD1 (1), ABCC8 (4)]. Patients with genetically proven CHI were on diazoxide treatment for more than 2 years. Adverse effects of diazoxide therapy (fluid retention, hyponatremia, hyperkalemia, pulmonary hypertension and hirsuitism) were observed in 15.8% of the cohort. Conclusion: Majority of patients with diazoxide responsive CHI were diagnosed in the neonatal period and were associated with risk factors like prematurity and SGA and tend to require diazoxide treatment for less than one year. Hence, a periodic evaluation of these patients to assess the discontinuation of diazoxide therapy should be undertaken. Patients with genetically proven CHI tend to require longer duration of treatment.
FREQUENCY and SEVERITY of OBSTRUCTIVE SLEEP APNEA in BLACK COMPARED to WHITE PREGNANT WOMEN; Introduction Black individuals experience a higher prevalence of sleep disruption, including obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA), compared to Whites, which is believed to contribute to a higher incidence of cardiovascular disease. Among pregnant women, Blacks experience a higher burden of poor pregnancy outcomes such as gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, foetal growth restriction, and premature birth. In pregnancy, OSA has been associated with the latter adverse outcomes. Nonetheless, it is currently unknown whether differences exist in the presence and severity of OSA between Black and White pregnant women Methods Pregnant women in mid-to-late pregnancy were recruited from a large academic medical centre and invited to undergo home sleep testing using the WatchPAT device. OSA was defined as an apnoea-hypopnoea index (AHI) >5 events/hour. The frequency and severity of OSA was compared between Black and White pregnant women. Results 191 women enrolled (42 Black). Demographic information is shown in table 1. Sleep duration was shorter in Blacks compared to Whites (350 minutes vs 375 minutes, p=0.02). A similar proportion of Black compared to White women had OSA (33% vs. 31%). Although severity of OSA was non-significantly elevated in Blacks (AHI 9.2 vs 6.3, p=0.07), minimum oxygen saturation was significantly lower in Black women (89% vs 91%, p=0.04) and the oxygen desa-turation index was higher in Blacks compared to Whites (4.9 vs 2.5, p=0.03) after accounting for differences in demographics. Discussion The incidence of OSA in pregnancy was high with approximately one-third of all women having OSA. Nonetheless, despite being younger and earlier in gestation, Black women had greater severity of oxygen desaturation compared to Whites; this is likely attributed to the higher BMI observed in Black women. These findings have implications for OSA screening in pregnancy.
CYD Symptoms and Novel Risk Factors for CYD in Women; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among women, and accounts for 1 m every 4 female deaths m the United States. Women and men exhibit clear differences m the risk factors, clinical presentation, and outcomes of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Among the most prominent sex-specific risk factors for women are those related to pregnancy commonly referred to as adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and hormonal changes in women such as menopause transition and premature or early menopause. APOs include hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), such as gestational hypertension and preeclampsia, low birth weight, gestational diabetes. Sondergaard, et al, in a large multiethnic cohort of women from the Women's Health Initiative demonstrated that HDP and low birth weight independently predict future CVD in women after adjustment for established risk factors and other APOs. It remains unknown whether women with APOs have a pre-existing subclinical vascular condition that is simply unmasked during pregnancy that increases their CVD risk, or whether APOs result in de novo vascular endothelial damage that results in subsequent CVD. In a cohort of women with evidence of ischemia and no obstructive coronary disease, we found that women with APOs had abnormally low microvascular coronary flow reserve up to 30 years after the index pregnane}', raising the hypothesis that the APOs may be related to dysfunction of the micro vasculature. Further, the menopause transition has been consistently described as a time of accelerated CVD risk in women, due to alterations in endogenous sex hormones and adverse changes m body fat distribution, lipids, and vascular health. Women with premature (before age 40) or early menopause (age 40 to 45 years) have substantially increased risk of CVD. Early loss of oestrogen is thought to impair vascular function and increase the expression of inflammatory markers. In addition, there are significant difference m the clinical presentation of CVD; the VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) study demonstrated that women with ST elevation myocardial infarction were more likely than men to present without chest pam (odds ratio, 1.51; 95% confidence interval, 1.03-2.22). Women were also more likely to present with s3 associated symptoms than men (91.9% vs. 54.8%, p<0.001) which included epigastric symptoms, palpitations, and pain or discomfort m the jaw, neck, arms, or between the shoulder blades. Increase in acute myocardial infarction mortality rates m women are potentially modifiable through improved education on women specific risk factors and clmical presentation and guideline-driven care m women to reduce provider bias.
Characteristics of fetal and placental hemodynamics at gestational age beyond 40 0/7 weeks; Objectives: To determine the character of placental and fetal hemodynamic changes in prolonged singleton uncomplicated pregnancy. Methods: 213 pregnant women delivered beyond 40 0/7 weeks of gestation were included in the study. Each participant underwent a Doppler measurement of the pulsatility index (PI) in the fetal umbilical artery (PI-UA), fetal middle cerebral artery (PI-MCA), cerebroplacental ratio (CPR), the type of blood flow velocity waveforms in the aortic isthmus (AoI) and cardiotocography (CTG). Ultrasoundmeasurements were performed at least twice, the lastmeasurements-prior to the onset or induction of labor. The median time interval of observation was 9.1±0.2 days (range 5-14). Adverse perinatal outcomes were defined as emergency cesarean section due to abnormal intrapartum cardiotocogram, Apgar score <7 at 5 min, umbilical cord arterial pH<7.1, neonatal admission to a neonatal intensive care unit. Results: In 32/213 (15%) of cases the outcome was unfavorable. During observation significant decline of PI-CMA (below 5th percentile) was found in 32/32 (100%), low PI-UA (below 5th percentile)-in 29/32 (90.6%), the III-V type of AoI blood flow velocity waveforms-in 21/32 (65.6%) of these fetuses. There was no change or a slight increase of CPR. Alow negative correlation between PI-UA and neonatal weight (Pearson r=-0.337, p<0,001) was also found. Macrosomia was diagnosed in 20/32 (62.5%) of newborns. Conclusions: In this study we assume that if the decrease of PI-CMA is a consequence of a mild hypoxia which accompanies prolonged pregnancy, the decrease of PI-UA, especially in large fetuses, may be a sign of covert cardiac function deterioration. In such situations normal CPR does not indicate the satisfactory fetal condition. An assessment of the type of AoI blood flow velocity waveforms is a valuable adjunct to current fetal surveillance protocols used in the prolonged pregnancy. Such dynamics of changes in Doppler tests requires also an expert assessment of the fetal and neonatal cardiac function before delivery and post partum.
Roles of circular RNAs in diabetic complications: From molecular mechanisms to therapeutic potential; Diabetes is characterized by changed homeostasis of blood glucose levels, which is associated with various complications, including cardiomyopathy, atherosclerosis, endothelial dysfunction, nephropathy, retinopathy and neuropathy. In recent years, accumulative evidence has demonstrated that circular RNAs are identified as a novel type of noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) involving in the regulation of various physiological processes and pathologic conditions. Specifically, the emergence of complications response to diabetes is finely controlled by a complex gene regulatory network in which circular RNAs play a critical role. Recently, circular RNAs are emerging as messengers that could influence cellular functions under diabetic conditions. Dysregulation of circular RNAs has been closely linked to the pathophysiology of diabetes-related complications. In this review, we aimed to summarize the current progression and underlying mechanisms of circular RNA in the development of diabetes-related complications. We will also provide an overview of circular RNA-regulated cell communications in different types of cells that have been linked to diabetic complications. We anticipated that the completion of this review will provide potential clues for developing novel circular RNAs-based biomarkers or therapeutic targets for diabetes and its associated complications.
The Health Effects of Vitamin D and Probiotic Co-Supplementation: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials; Evidence of synergic health effects of co-supplementation with vitamin D and probiotics is emerging. Following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses PRISMA statement, scientific databases and the grey literature were searched, and a narrative review and risk of bias assessment were conducted. Seven randomized controlled trials were included, which had low risk of bias. Six studies were double-blind, and once single-blind, extended over 6-12 weeks, and included 50-105 participants. Conditions explored included schizophrenia, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, osteopenia, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and infantile colic. Supplementation frequency was daily or bi-monthly, with mainly vitamin D3, and Lactobacillus, Bifidobacterium, and Streptococcus. Comparators were placebo, vitamin D, lower vitamin D dose, and probiotics and lower vitamin D dose. The co-supplementation yielded greater health benefits than its comparators did in all studies except in one assessing IBS. Beneficial effects included decreased disease severity, improved mental health, metabolic parameters, mainly insulin sensitivity, dyslipidemia, inflammation, and antioxidative capacity, and lower use of healthcare. Co-supplementation of vitamin D and probiotics generated greater health benefits than its comparators did. More studies in other diseases and various populations are needed to confirm these findings and to elucidate the optimal form, composition, and frequency of this co-supplementation.
The Role of NLRP3 Inflammasome in Pneumococcal Infections; Inflammasomes are innate immune sensors that regulate caspase-1 mediated inflammation in response to environmental, host- and pathogen-derived factors. The NLRP3 inflammasome is highly versatile as it is activated by a diverse range of stimuli. However, excessive or chronic inflammasome activation and subsequent interleukin-1β (IL-1β) release are implicated in the pathogenesis of various autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, and diabetes. Accordingly, inflammasome inhibitor therapy has a therapeutic benefit in these diseases. In contrast, NLRP3 inflammasome is an important defense mechanism against microbial infections. IL-1β antagonizes bacterial invasion and dissemination. Unfortunately, patients receiving IL-1β or inflammasome inhibitors are reported to be at a disproportionate risk to experience invasive bacterial infections including pneumococcal infections. Pneumococci are typical colonizers of immunocompromised individuals and a leading cause of community-acquired pneumonia worldwide. Here, we summarize the current limited knowledge of inflammasome activation in pneumococcal infections of the respiratory tract and how inflammasome inhibition may benefit these infections in immunocompromised patients.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus—Innovative Approach to Prediction, Diagnosis, Management, and Prevention of Future NCD—Mother and Offspring; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the commonest medical complication of pregnancy. The association of GDM with immediate pregnancy complications including excess fetal growth and adiposity with subsequent risk of birth trauma and with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is well recognized. However, the associations with wide ranges of longer-term health outcomes for mother and baby, including the lifetime risks of obesity, pre-diabetes, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease have received less attention and few health systems address these important issues in a systematic way. This article reviews historical and recent data regarding prediction of GDM using demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters. We evaluate current and potential future diagnostic approaches designed to most effectively identify GDM and extend this analysis into a critical evaluation of lifestyle and nutritional/pharmacologic interventions designed to prevent the development of GDM. The general approach to management of GDM during pregnancy is then discussed and the major final focus of the article revolves around the importance of a GDM diagnosis as a future marker of the risk of non-communicable disease (NCD), in particular pre-diabetes, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease, both in mother and offspring.
Clinical Characteristics and Neonatal Outcomes of Pregnant Patients With COVID-19: A Systematic Review; Background and Objective: Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) characterized by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has created serious concerns about its potential adverse effects. There are limited data on clinical, radiological, and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia. This study aimed to assess clinical manifestations and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19. Methods: We conducted a systematic article search of PubMed, EMBASE, Scopus, Google Scholar, and Web of Science for studies that discussed pregnant patients with confirmed COVID-19 between January 1, 2020, and April 20, 2020, with no restriction on language. Articles were independently evaluated by two expert authors. We included all retrospective studies that reported the clinical features and outcomes of pregnant patients with COVID-19. Results: Forty-seven articles were assessed for eligibility; 13 articles met the inclusion criteria for the systematic review. Data is reported for 235 pregnant women with COVID-19. The age range of patients was 25–40 years, and the gestational age ranged from 8 to 40 weeks plus 6 days. Clinical characteristics were fever [138/235 (58.72%)], cough [111/235 (47.23%)], and sore throat [21/235 (8.93%)]. One hundred fifty six out of 235 (66.38%) pregnant women had cesarean section, and 79 (33.62%) had a vaginal delivery. All the patients showed lung abnormalities in CT scan images, and none of the patients died. Neutrophil cell count, C-reactive protein (CRP) concentration, ALT, and AST were increased but lymphocyte count and albumin levels were decreased. Amniotic fluid, neonatal throat swab, and breastmilk samples were taken to test for SARS-CoV-2 but all found negativ results. Recent published evidence showed the possibility of vertical transmission up to 30%, and neonatal death up to 2.5%. Pre-eclampsia, fetal distress, PROM, pre-mature delivery were the major complications of pregnant women with COVID-19. Conclusions: Our study findings show that the clinical, laboratory and radiological characteristics of pregnant women with COVID-19 were similar to those of the general populations. The possibility of vertical transmission cannot be ignored but C-section should not be routinely recommended anymore according to latest evidences and, in any case, decisions should be taken after proper discussion with the family. Future studies are needed to confirm or refute these findings with a larger number of sample sizes and a long-term follow-up period.
The roles of matrix metalloproteinases and their inhibitors in human diseases; Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are a family of zinc-dependent extracellular matrix (ECM) remodeling endopeptidases that have the capacity to degrade almost every component of the ECM. The degradation of the ECM is of great importance, since it is related to embryonic development and angiogenesis. It is also involved in cell repair and the remodeling of tissues. When the expression of MMPs is altered, it can generate the abnormal degradation of the ECM. This is the initial cause of the development of chronic degenerative diseases and vascular complications generated by diabetes. In addition, this process has an association with neurodegeneration and cancer progression. Within the ECM, the tissue inhibitors of MMPs (TIMPs) inhibit the proteolytic activity of MMPs. TIMPs are important regulators of ECM turnover, tissue remodeling, and cellular behavior. Therefore, TIMPs (similar to MMPs) modulate angiogenesis, cell proliferation, and apoptosis. An interruption in the balance between MMPs and TIMPs has been implicated in the pathophysiology and progression of several diseases. This review focuses on the participation of both MMPs (e.g., MMP-2 and MMP-9) and TIMPs (e.g., TIMP-1 and TIMP-3) in physiological processes and on how their abnormal regulation is associated with human diseases. The inclusion of current strategies and mechanisms of MMP inhibition in the development of new therapies targeting MMPs was also considered.
Risk factors associated with coronary heart disease in women: a systematic review; In the context of global aging, cardiovascular disease has become the number one cause of death among Chinese women. Lifestyle factors play an important role in the development of coronary heart disease, and as awareness of the pathophysiology of coronary atherosclerosis has increased, lifestyle interventions play an important role in reducing the risk of coronary heart disease. However, there is a lack of research on the factors affecting coronary heart disease in female populations. Strengthening health education for women with coronary heart disease, reducing the burden of disease, improving the quality of life, and developing reasonable prevention strategies are crucial. Based on the review of the literature, this study reviews the risk factors for coronary heart disease and provides a scientific basis for awareness and early prevention of coronary heart disease in women.
Assessment of cardiac diastolic function in infants of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler echocardiography; Background: Limited number of studies evaluated cardiac diastolic function in infants of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler imaging. The aim of this study was to evaluate diastolic parameters in full-term infants of diabetic mothers compared to healthy full-term neonates using both conventional echocardiography and tissue Doppler imaging. This study is a comparative study. Fifty consecutive infants of diabetic mothers (cases) in the first 3 days of life: 25 neonates with poor maternal glycemic control (Hemoglobin A1c > 7.5 g/dl) and 25 neonates with good maternal glycemic control (Hemoglobin A1c ≤ 7.5 g/dl). Thirty healthy full-term infants of non-diabetic mothers with age and sex matching were included as controls. The studied groups were assessed by conventional pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging. Results: Among pulsed wave Doppler parameters, cases had lower values than controls as regards mitral E velocity, mitral E/A ratio, tricuspid E velocity, and tricuspid E/A ratio, while neonates with poor maternal glycemic control had lower values than those with good maternal glycemic control as regards mitral E/A ratio, tricuspid E velocity, and tricuspid E/A ratio as well as higher mitral A velocity (denoting more diastolic dysfunction). Similarly, among tissue Doppler parameters, cases had lower values than controls as regards septal E' velocity, E'/A' ratio, left ventricular E' velocity, E'/A' ratio, and right ventricular E' velocity as well as higher septal A' velocity, left ventricular A' velocity, and right ventricular A' velocity, while neonates with poor maternal glycemic control had lower values than those with good maternal glycemic control as regards septal E' velocity, E'/A' ratio, left ventricular E' velocity, E'/A' ratio, and right ventricular E' velocity, as well as higher left ventricular A' velocity (denoting more diastolic dysfunction). Tissue Doppler was able to detect higher number of neonates with left ventricular diastolic dysfunction than conventional pulsed wave Doppler. Conclusions: Tissue Doppler imaging was found to be able to detect diastolic dysfunction early in infants of diabetic mothers specifically as regards the left ventricle. Tissue Doppler imaging should be considered an integral part of cardiac function assessment in infants of diabetic mothers.
Astaxanthin alleviates gestational diabetes mellitus in mice through suppression of oxidative stress; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects 7% of pregnant women worldwide, which increases the risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease for both the mother and the fetus. Natural compound Astaxanthin has been reported to have benefits in obesity and diabetes. A pregnant C57BL/KsJ db/+ mouse was used as a genetic GDM model to investigate the effect of Astaxanthin on GDM symptoms and reproductive outcomes. Blood glucose, plasma insulin, glucose intolerance, insulin sensitivity, biochemical indexes of plasma, and the liver were measured; Nrf2 and HO-1 protein levels were detected by Western blotting. Astaxanthin significantly alleviated the glucose intolerance and β cell insufficiency, inhibited in vivo oxidative stress, enhanced the activity of antioxidant enzymes, and improved reproductive outcomes. Mechanistically, the effect of Astaxanthin was mediated by restoring the Nrf2/HO-1 antioxidant pathway in the liver of GDM mice. Our findings supported that Astaxanthin was a potential therapeutic reagent for not only diabetes but also GDM symptomology.
Non-immune hydrops fetalis was rare in Sweden during 1997-2015, but cases were associated with complications and poor prognosis; Aim: The study was designed to document the incidence of non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) at birth and characterise associated outcomes and obstetric complications. Methods: Data on more than 1.9 million births were extracted from the Swedish Birth Register for 1997-2015. Pregnancies not affected by NIHF served as controls. National registers on mortality and hospitalisations provided follow-up information. Results: There were 309 cases of NIHF at birth corresponding to an incidence of 1.6 per 10 000, lower than in previous studies. NIHF was more frequent in mothers aged ≥35 years and with a history of stillbirth. Preterm delivery occurred in 77.7% in the NIHF group, including 31.7% before 32 weeks of gestation. Multiple births and Caesarean sections were reported more frequent in the NIHF group. NIHF was associated with poor outcome with 14.6% stillbirths and in 26.5% early neonatal death. Overall, 58.7% of live-born children with NIHF were alive at 12 months compared with 99.7% of controls. The most common causes of death were cardiovascular diseases and thoracic abnormalities. Conclusion: NIHF at birth is associated with obstetric complications and poor prognosis for the neonate related to underlying disease. The low incidence of NIHF observed in this study may reflect well-developed antenatal care.
Biomarkers in newborns with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy treated with therapeutic hypothermia; Purpose: The aim of the presented study was to evaluate the differences between selected biochemical markers in infants with moderate or severe hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy (HIE) and their impact on patient prognosis. Methods: A total of 57 cooled newborns were divided into groups according to Sarnat staging of HIE (A, moderate vs. B, severe). The differences between groups were evaluated depending on the mode of delivery, pregnancy and labor complications, gestational age at birth, birth weight, and Apgar score at 1.3 and 5 min. The differences in biochemical biomarkers of HIE (pH, base excess, serum lactate) as well as biomarkers of hepatic injury (aspartate transaminase, (AST), alanine transaminase (ALT), prothrombin time (PT), and activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT)), kidney failure (creatinine, urea), myocardial injury (troponin T (TnT)), levels of fibrinogen, and platelet counts were also examined. Univariate Kaplan-Meier method was used for survival analyses. Results: The biomarker levels in severe HIE newborns compared with moderate were as follows: pH (7.10 vs. 6.99), serum lactate (22.50 vs. 17.00 mg/dL), AST (109.50 vs. 270.55 IU/L), ALT (27.30 vs. 108.05 IU/L), PT (17.00 vs. 44.20 s), APTT (47.75 vs. 47.90 s), TnT (0.22 vs. 0.85 ng/mL), creatinine (0.68 vs. 1.15 mg/dL), urea (44.55 vs. 73.30 mg/dL), and fibrinogen (1.65 vs. 1.90 mg/dL). Survival analyses showed significantly reduced survival for severe HIE infants (75%) vs. moderate HIE (100%). Conclusion: In conclusion, the severity of HIE can be evaluated based on selected markers; however, their levels do not correspond with future prognosis of newborns.
Role of fetal echocardiography in morphologic and functional assessment of fetal heart in diabetic mothers; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is the commonest medical disorder faced during pregnancy and it includes type I, type II, and gestational diabetes. It may predispose to various complications including fetus malformation, macrosomia, spontaneous abortion, stillbirth, neonatal death, and intrauterine growth retardation. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is one of the common anomalies depicted with diabetes. Fetal cardiac function analysis might provide important information on the hemodynamic status and cardiac adaptation to different perinatal complications. Results: The mean septal thickness in the diabetic group was 0.7163 ± 0.1746 cm and 0.4989 ± 0.08068 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the right ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6532 ± 0.13792 cm and 0.4874 ± 0.07482 cm in the control group. The mean myocardial thickness of the left ventricular free wall in the diabetic group was 0.6437 ± 0.13421 cm and 0.4737 ± 0.07573 cm in the control group. The mean value of myocardial performance index (Tie Index) in the diabetic group was 0.6232 ± 0.15606 and 0.4626 ± 0.04357 in the control group. Conclusion: From our study, we can conclude that prenatal complete echocardiographic study should be mandatory in fetuses of diabetic mothers due to high risk of congenital heart defects and onset of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with fetal cardiac function impairment in the third trimester. Early diagnosis of congenital heart defects as well as evidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal cardiac function impairment that occurs in fetuses of maternal diabetes will definitely guide prompt postnatal therapy and care for those neonates.
Association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus with congenital anomalies of the newborn; To examine the association of maternal prepregnancy diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 12 subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We included 29,211,974 live births with maternal age ranging from 18 to 49 years old documented in the National Vital Statistics System in the U.S. from 2011 to 2018. Information on prepregnancy diabetes, GDM, and congenital anomalies was retrieved from birth certificates. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate risk ratios (RRs) and 95% CIs for congenital anomalies overall and by subtypes. RESULTS Of the 29,211,974 live births, there were 90,061 infants who had congenital anomalies identified at birth. The adjusted RRs of congenital anomalies at birth were 2.44 (95% CI 2.33–2.55) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.28 (95% CI 1.24–1.31) for GDM. The associations were generally consistent across subgroups by maternal age, race/ethnicity, prepregnancy obesity status, and infant sex. For specific subtypes of congenital anomalies, maternal prepregnancy diabetes or GDM was associated with an increased risk of most subtypes. For example, the adjusted RRs of cyanotic congenital heart disease were 4.61 (95% CI 4.28–4.96) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.50 (95% CI 1.43–1.58) for GDM; the adjusted RRs of hypospadias were 1.88 (95% CI 1.67–2.12) for prepregnancy diabetes and 1.29 (95% CI 1.21–1.36) for GDM. CONCLUSIONS Prepregnancy diabetes and, to a lesser extent, GDM were associated with several subtypes of congenital anomalies of the newborn. These findings suggest potential benefits of preconception counseling in women with preexisting diabetes or at risk for GDM for the prevention of congenital anomalies.
SARS-CoV-2 in the context of past coronaviruses epidemics: Consideration for prenatal care; Since December 2019, the novel SARS-CoV-2 outbreak has resulted in millions of cases and more than 200 000 deaths worldwide. The clinical course among nonpregnant women has been described, but data about potential risks for women and their fetus remain scarce. The SARS and MERS epidemics were responsible for miscarriages, adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes, and maternal deaths. For COVID-19 infection, only nine cases of maternal death have been reported as of 22 April 2020, and pregnant women seem to develop the same clinical presentation as the general population. However, severe maternal cases, as well as prematurity, fetal distress, and stillbirth among newborns have been reported. The SARS-CoV-2 pandemic greatly impacts prenatal management and surveillance and raise the need for clear unanimous guidelines. In this narrative review, we describe the current knowledge about coronaviruses (SARS, MERS, and SARS-CoV-2) risks and consequences on pregnancies, and we summarize available current candidate therapeutic options for pregnant women. Finally, we compare current guidance proposed by The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the World Health Organization to give an overview of prenatal management which should be utilized until future data appear.
Systemic lupus erythematosus: Perinatal outcomes in patients treated with and without hydroxychloroquine; Background: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disease commonly encountered during pregnancy. The use of hydroxychloroquine (HCQ) for SLE treatment in pregnancy has been supported by a few small studies performed in populations dissimilar from populations in the United States. Our objective was to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnant patients with SLE treated with and without HCQ at a tertiary care center in the United States. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients with SLE and singleton gestations who delivered at the University of Alabama at Birmingham from 2006 to 2013. Patients treated with HCQ during pregnancy were compared with patients who did not receive HCQ. Key outcomes included maternal morbidities (hypertensive disorders, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm delivery, venous thromboembolism), disease-related morbidity, maternal death, and a composite of neonatal morbidity. Outcomes were compared using chi-square, Fisher exact, Wilcoxon rank sum, and t tests. Odds of adverse outcomes were modeled with logistic regression. Results: Seventy-seven patients with SLE were included for analysis; 47 (61%) were treated with HCQ and 30 (39%) were not. We found no differences in the rates of maternal morbidities or death between groups. Patients taking HCQ had increased rates of disease-related hospitalizations (43% vs 7%, P<0.01) and inpatient rheumatology consultations (38% vs 10%, P<0.01), increases that persisted after multivariable adjustments (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 8.09, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.60-40.9; aOR 4.50, 95% CI 1.08-18.6, respectively). Neonatal morbidity did not differ between groups. Conclusion: We found no differences in major maternal or neonatal outcomes in pregnant patients with SLE managed with HCQ.
No effect of gestational diabetes or pre-gestational obesity on 6-year offspring left ventricular function—RADIEL study follow-up; Aims: We aimed to investigate associations between pre-pregnancy obesity, gestational diabetes (GDM), offspring body composition, and left ventricular diastolic and systolic function in early childhood. Methods: This is an observational study, including 201 mother–child pairs originating from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL; 96 with GDM, 128 with pre-pregnancy obesity) with follow-up from gestation to 6-year postpartum. Follow-up included dyads anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and child left ventricular function with comprehensive echocardiography (conventional and strain imaging). Results: Offspring left ventricular diastolic and systolic function was not associated with gestational glucose concentrations, GDM, or pregravida obesity. Child body fat percentage correlated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI in the setting of maternal obesity (r = 0.23, P = 0.009). After adjusting for child lean body mass, age, sex, systolic BP, resting HR, maternal lean body mass, pre-gestational BMI, and GDM status, child left atrial volume increased by 0.3 ml (95% CI 0.1, 0.5) for each 1% increase in child body fat percentage. Conclusions: No evidence of foetal cardiac programming related to GDM or maternal pre-pregnancy obesity was observed in early childhood. Maternal pre-pregnancy obesity is associated with early weight gain. Child adiposity in early childhood is independently associated with increased left atrial volume, but its implications for long-term left ventricle diastolic function and cardiovascular health remain unknown.
Impact of maternal diabetes and obesity on fetal cardiac functions; Background: In several developing industrial countries, the incidence of obesity among populations is spreading quickly and dramatically; also, the frequency of maternal obesity is in continuous elevation, which represents a considerable public health problem. Maternal hyperglycemia is a common gestational risk factor for the fetus. Several studies proposed that maternal DM and obesity lead to intrauterine impacts which induce changes in the fetal myocardium, and the pre-pregnancy obesity and diabetes are accompanied with development of cardiovascular alterations in the offspring and subsequent pathological changes in their early life. The aim of this study is to assess the cardiac function in fetuses of obese pregnant women (FOW) and fetuses of diabetic women (FDW) in comparison with fetuses of normal pregnant women (FNW) using tissue Doppler imaging. Results: There was impairment in systolic and diastolic cardiac function in both fetuses of obese and diabetic women with decreased global longitudinal strain tissue Doppler velocities at 30 weeks of gestation compared to fetuses of normal women. Conclusion: Imaging of the fetus of pregnant women by Echo Doppler at about 30 weeks of gestations showed a reduced cardiac function of fetuses of obese and diabetic women matched with fetuses of normal BMI women. Our finding proposed that early subclinical alterations in the fetal cardiac output can arise from maternal obesity alone. This explains the predilection of children of obese mothers at advanced ages to cardiovascular disorder.
Application of exosomes as liquid biopsy in clinical diagnosis; Liquid biopsy refers to the sampling and molecular analysis of the biofluids of circulating tumor cells, extracellular vesicles, nucleic acids, and so forth. Exosomes are small extracellular vesicles with sizes between 30–150 nm. They are secreted by multivesicular bodies through exocytosis in live cells and can participate in intercellular communication due to their contents, including nucleic acids, proteins, and lipids. Herein, we investigate publication frequencies on exosomes over the past 10 years, and review recent clinical studies on liquid biopsy of exosomes in the fields of oncology, pregnancy disorders, cardiovascular diseases, and organ transplantation. We also describe the advantages of exosomes as an effective liquid biopsy tool and the progression of exosome extraction methods. Finally, we depict the commercial development of exosome research and discuss the future role of exosomes in liquid biopsy.
Estimation of anti-diabetic property of holarrhena pubescens by in vitro method using l6 rat Skeletal muscle cell lines; Diabetes mellitus is a metabolic disorder caused due to insufficient insulin or insulin resistance in our body. Diabetes mellitus is of three types. They are type I, type II and gestational diabetes mellitus. Diabetes mellitus can be diagnosed by monitoring blood glucose levels and HbA1c. It has common clinical presentations like polyuria, polyphagia, weight gain or weight loss, dehydration, fainting etc,. If left untreated diabetes can lead to life threatening complications. Some of the complications are Diabetic keto acidosis, Diabetic nephropathy, Alzhimer’s disease, Diabetic foot, chronic kidney disease, stroke, etc,. Insulin is used for the treatment of type I diabetes and type II diabetes can be treated using some anti-diabetic drugs along with few precautionary measures and life style modifications. Holarrhena pubescensis a medicinal plant commonly called kurchi. All parts of this plant has got some medicinal use and as a whole, the plant has wide range of medicinal benefits. The chloroform and ethanolic extracts of Holarrhena pubescens showed significant results when compared to the standard drug Metformin. Cell lines showed 50% cell death when 1µg/ml of Metformin was given. The same result was obtained when 100µg/ml of H.P.C.E. and 100µg/ml H.P.E.E. was given. The glucose uptake assay for H.P.C.E. at a concentration of 10µg/ml was 5.85±0.02mg/100ml in the absence of insulin and 7.89±0.05 mg/100ml in the presence of insulin and for H.P.E.E. at a concentration of 10µg/ml was 9.45±0.05mg/100ml in the absence of insulin and 10.54±0.04mg/100ml in the presence of insulin. Inhibition of α-amylase enzyme activity α-glucosidase enzyme activity of H.P.C.E. and H.P.E.E. were compared with standard and the results are discussed below. This article reveals that Holarrhena pubescens has significant anti-diabetic property. Its folklore usage in treating diabetic condition has been validated with this scientific result.
SGLT2 Inhibitors and the Mechanisms Involved in Weight Loss; Purpose of Review: To study the mechanisms of weight loss with inhibitors of SGLT2 receptors. SGLT2 inhibitors are a new class of drugs used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). These drugs inhibit the SGLT2 receptor in the proximal tubule, responsible for 90% of renal glucose reabsorption. Recent Findings: SGLT2 inhibitor treatments can result in an average reduction in body weight between 2 and 4 kg; this reduction is consistent in all studies, for all molecules, either as monotherapy or in combination with other antidiabetic drugs. It is observed that weight loss is maintained for up to 4 years. Among the mechanisms proposed for weight loss are urinary glucose loss, alteration of the insulin/glucagon ratio with increased lipolysis, activation of the AMPK enzyme, inhibition of mTORC1, improvement of mitochondrial function, polarization of macrophages from M1 to M2, browning adipose tissue, leptin inhibition and increased adiponectin expression, and activation of FGF-21 expression. Summary: Despite the numerous mechanisms proposed for weight loss with SGLT2 inhibitors, lipolysis seems to be the central point of all of them. It is necessary to establish how these mechanisms interact, the chronology of these changes, which one is the most important for weight loss, and how these mechanisms can contribute to the cardiovascular benefits of SLGT2 inhibitor therapy.
Ultrasound Based Computational Fluid Dynamics Assessment of Brachial Artery Wall Shear Stress in Preeclamptic Pregnancy; Purpose: Preeclampsia (PE) is a pregnancy complication of abnormally elevated blood pressure and organ damage where endothelial function is impaired. Wall shear stress (WSS) strongly effects endothelial cell morphology and function but in PE the WSS values are unknown. WSS calculations from ultrasound inaccurately assume cylindrical arteries and patient specific computational fluid dynamics (CFD) typically require time-consuming 3D imaging such as CT or MRI. Methods: Two-dimensional (2D) B-mode ultrasound images were lofted together to create simplified three-dimensional (3D) geometries of the brachial artery (BA) that incorporate artery curvature and non-circular cross sections. This process was efficient and on average took 120 ± 10 s. Patient specific CFD was then performed to quantify BA WSS for a small cohort of PE (n = 5) and normotensive pregnant patients (n = 5) and compared against WSS calculations assuming a cylindrical artery. Results: For several WSS metrics (time averaged WSS (TAWSS), peak systolic WSS, oscillatory shear index (OSI), OSI/TAWSS and relative residence time) CFD on the simplified arterial geometries calculated large spatial differences in WSS that assuming a cylindrical artery cannot calculate. Bland–Altman and intra-class correlation (ICC) analyses found assuming a cylindrical artery both underestimated (p < 0.05) and had poor agreement (ICC < 0.5) with the maximum WSS values from CFD. WSS values that were abnormal compared to the normotensive patients (OSI = 0.014 ± 0.026) appear related to the pregnancy complications fetal growth restriction (n = 2, OSI = 0.14, 0.25) and gestational diabetes (n = 1, OSI = 0.23). Conclusion: Creating 3D artery geometries from 2D ultrasound images can be used for CFD simulations to calculate WSS from ultrasound without assuming cylindrical arteries. This approach requires minimal time for both medical imaging and CFD analysis.
Sex Differences in Cardiovascular Disease and Unique Pregnancy-Associated Risk Factors in Women; Purpose of review: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women. Beyond conventional cardiovascular risk factors, women additionally face sex-specific cardiovascular disease risk factors, which include a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Adverse pregnancy outcomes include the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and small-for-gestational age delivery. Here, we review sex differences in cardiovascular disease with an emphasis on pregnancy-associated risk factors and discuss implications for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease in women. Recent findings: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, especially the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, have been linked to diverse cardiovascular conditions, accelerated cardiovascular aging, and multimorbidity. Chronic hypertension appears to be a key mediator of accelerated cardiovascular disease risk in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Recent genetic analyses suggest a shared genetic predisposition between adverse cardiometabolic traits and development of hypertension in pregnancy. Mechanisms linking gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, small-for-gestational age delivery, and infertility to cardiovascular disease are less well understood. Summary: The mechanisms linking adverse pregnancy outcomes to future cardiovascular disease remain incompletely understood. Further research is needed to better understand this relationship and the implications of adverse pregnancy outcomes for cardiovascular disease prevention.
The Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Cardiovascular Disease: Current Knowledge and Future Directions; Purpose of review: Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. The goal of this review is to share what is currently known about the increased risk and to identify areas for future research. Recent findings: Severe studies have identified a strong association between adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease such as heart failure, valvular disease, ischemic heart disease, stroke, hypertension, and metabolic syndrome. The recognition of this increased risk is reflected in recent changes in prevention guidelines. The guidelines now recognize sex-specific risks such as preeclampsia and preterm delivery and recommend incorporating a pregnancy history to identify them earlier. However, no robust risk prediction tools incorporating these pregnancy risk factors have been developed and validated. While smaller clinical trials have been performed in reducing cardiovascular risk factors in the postpartum timeframe, there remains a paucity of large-scale randomized clinical trials that continue to show a risk reduction in these women. Summary: While there is increasing recognition of the long-term cardiovascular risks associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, there remains a need for interventional studies aimed at reducing this risk and for incorporation of pregnancy risk factors into traditional cardiovascular risk prediction tools.
Sex Differences in Young Adults Who Experience Myocardial Infarction; Purpose of review: The purpose of this review is to highlight sex differences in presentation, underlying mechanisms, treatment, and outcomes in young adults with myocardial infarction (MI). Recent findings: In addition to traditional plaque rupture and plaque erosion, MI in young women can be caused by spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD), MI with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA), and type 2 MI. MINOCA is more common in young women compared with young men, has a different epidemiology, and is associated with non-traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Additionally, pregnancy-associated conditions (specifically pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth) and premature menopause are increasingly associated with adverse cardiovascular outcomes in young women and should be incorporated into risk assessments. Young women, when compared with young men, are more likely to have delays in the recognition and treatment of acute coronary syndrome, and are less likely to undergo timely coronary angiography and reperfusion. Additionally, rates of the use of guideline-directed medical therapy post-MI are lower for young women when compared with young men. Summary: Mechanisms of MI in young women include plaque rupture and erosion, as well as SCAD. Improving prompt recognition of acute coronary syndrome in women and closing the gap between women and men in peri- and post-MI care are key to improve outcomes in young women.
Effects of combined training on progranulin, glycosylated hemoglobin, and insulin resistance in overweight and obese women with type 2 diabetes; Introduction: Progranulin (PGRN) has been recently introduced as a new indicator of chronic inflammatory response in type 2 diabetes. The present study aimed to investigate the effect of combined training on serum levels of progranulin, glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and insulin resistance in overweight and obese women with type 2 diabetes. Materials and Methods: A total of 36 women were divided into three groups: control, combined exercise 1 (combined aerobic-resistance training), and combined exercise 2 (combined resistance-aerobic exercise training, including aerobic exercises with an intensity of 80% to 95% of maximum heart rate and resistance training with an intensity of 60% to 85% of one-repetition maximum). Anthropometric indices, muscle strength, aerobic capacity, variations of PGRN, HbA1c, and insulin resistance were also measured before and after training. To analyze the data, repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used, and the level of statistical significance was set at <0.05. Results: The main and interaction effects of training on PGRN, HbA1c, insulin resistance, muscle strength, and aerobic capacity were significant over time (P=0.001). Despite improvements in PGRN, HbA1c, insulin resistance, lower-body muscle strength, and aerobic capacity in the training groups, no significant difference was observed between the combined training groups and the control group (P<0.05). However, the upper-body muscle strength significantly increased in both combined training groups, compared to the control group (P=0.001). Conclusion: The use of combined exercise training in different orders for 12 weeks did not have any significant effects on the PGRN, HbAc1, insulin resistance, and functional factors.
Management of ureteric stone in pregnancy: a review; Background: Urolithiasis in pregnancy is a major health concern and is one of the most common causes for non-obstetrical abdominal pain and subsequent hospital admission during pregnancy. The incidence of urinary calculi during pregnancy varies in the range of 1/200 to 1/2000. Acute ureteric colic in pregnancy is associated with significant potential risks to both mother and fetus. Significant anatomic and functional changes occur in pregnancy which not only lead to stone formation but also create diagnostic dilemma. The diagnosis of ureteric calculi can be incorrect in about 28% of pregnant patients. Main body: Management of ureteric stone during pregnancy is remaining to be a challenge for the treating urologist. Because of the inability to use good imaging options for the diagnosis confirmation and more invasive approach for the treatment, management continues to be difficult. The main threats are preterm labor with delivery and premature rupture of membranes. Other pregnancy complications are obstructive uropathy, gestational diabetes mellitus, recurrent abortions and pre-eclampsia. Management of diagnosed ureteric stone is unique in the pregnant population and requires multi-disciplinary care. It should be individualized for each patient and moves preferably from conservative to invasive approaches sequentially. With continued advancements in endourological techniques, few definitive treatment options are also available for such patients. Conclusion: There are several lacunae related with the diagnostic imaging, medical expulsive therapy, reliability of ureteral stent/percutaneous nephrostomy insertions and safety of ureteroscopy during pregnancy. Herein, we review the management of ureteric stone during pregnancy, the various diagnostic modalities and treatment options with their advantages and disadvantages. We also proposed our management algorithm to deal with such clinical scenario in this particular population.
The effect of vascular complications of diabetes mellitus on human umbilical cord tissue and the number of Wharton Jelly’s mesenchymal stem cells; The current study investigated the change in umbilical cord tissue and the number of markers of Wharton’s jelly mesenchymal stem cells (WJ-MSC) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), with chronic diabetes who developed nephropathy as vascular complication (VC-PGDM), and healthy pregnant women as the control. The umbilical cords (UC) were investigated by the histomorphological method and the number of WJ-MSC were detected by flow-cytometry using the CD90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 markers in Wharton’s jelly (WJ) isolated from fresh umbilical cords. The number of positive cells for CD 90, CD44, CD105, and CD73 were found to be elevated in the GDM group, whereas it was significantly diminished in the VC-PGDM group (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, p = 0.001, and p = 0.001). The only histopathological sign in the GDM group were an increased number of pores in the Wharton jelly. Artery wall thickness/cord diamater ratio was increased, which indicates an increase of the artery wall thickness in the VC- PGDM group (p = 0.039 and p = 0.048). The increase in umbilical cord diameter and number of Wharton jelly mesenchymal stem cells in babies of gestational diabetic mothers was considered as an effect of macrosomia seen in babies of mothers with gestational diabetes. Vasculopathy, a long-term complication of diabetes, is known to affect all tissues by causing marked lower perfusion and hypoxia, as well as a decrease in the MSC number in our study.
Cardiovascular Evaluation and Considerations for Women of Advanced Maternal Age Desiring Pregnancy; Purpose of review: Pregnancy in women of advanced maternal age (AMA) is increasingly common. Women of AMA have higher pregnancy risks, including higher risk of cardiovascular complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. This review highlights recent data comparing pregnancy risks in both younger women and women of AMA, as well as how these risks are influenced using assisted reproductive therapies (ART). It highlights long-term cardiovascular risks in women of AMA and suggestions on how to perform cardiovascular evaluations both preconception and during pregnancy in this group of women. It also highlights the importance of comprehensive cardio-obstetrics care in providing optimal preconception, pregnancy, and postpartum care for women of AMA. Recent findings: Though data on evaluating pregnancy risk in women of AMA are limited, what data are available suggest higher rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and multiple other cardiovascular complications. The absolute risk however remains low. These risks are amplified by ART use. Increasing attention is being paid to optimizing preconception health, especially preconception obesity and hypertension. Summary: More work is required to better characterize the risks of AMA in pregnancy and how to optimally care for these patients. What research is available emphasizes the importance of optimizing prepregnancy health. A multidisciplinary cardio-obstetrics may play an especially integral part in optimizing the safety of pregnancy in women of AMA.
Disparities in Cardiovascular Care and Outcomes for Women From Racial/Ethnic Minority Backgrounds; Purpose of review: Racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in cardiovascular care are well-documented. This review aims to highlight the disparities and impact on a group particularly vulnerable to disparities, women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Recent findings: Women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds remain underrepresented in major cardiovascular trials, limiting the generalizability of cardiovascular research to this population. Certain cardiovascular risk factors are more prevalent in women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds, including traditional risk factors such as hypertension, obesity, and diabetes. Female-specific risk factors including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia as well as non-traditional psychosocial risk factors like depressive and anxiety disorders, increased child care, and familial and home care responsibility have been shown to increase risk for cardiovascular disease events in women more so than in men, and disproportionately affect women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds. Despite this, minimal interventions to address differential risk have been proposed. Furthermore, disparities in treatment and outcomes that disadvantage minority women persist. The limited improvement in outcomes over time, especially among non-Hispanic Black women, is an area that requires further research and active interventions. Summary: Understanding the lack of representation in cardiovascular trials, differential cardiovascular risk, and disparities in treatment and outcomes among women from racial/ethnic minority backgrounds highlights opportunities for improving cardiovascular care among this particularly vulnerable population.
Sitagliptin/Metformin: A New Medical Treatment in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; Metformin has long been used in the treatment of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Recently, sitagliptin has been reported to improve ovarian cycles and ovulation in PCOS. We suggest that a combination of sitagliptin and metformin can be more effective than either treatment alone in improving different aspects of PCOS.
Assessment and comparison of mortality and short-term outcomes among premature infants before and after 32-week gestation: A cross-sectional analysis; Background: Prematurity is a major cause of neonatal morbidity and mortality. The aim of this study is to assess the rate of prematurity and determine the mortality rate and short-term outcomes among premature infants admitted at King Abdullah University Hospital (KAUH) in Jordan. Materials and methods: A retrospective cross-sectional review of all premature infants admitted at KAUH between August 2016 and August 2018 was conducted. Collected data include characteristics, medical interventions, morbidities, mortality, and discharge outcomes. Included infants were divided into two groups: less than 32-week gestation (group 1) and ≥32-week gestation (group 2). The outcomes were compared between both groups and reported accordingly. Results: Out of 7020 newborns, 1102 were delivered before 37-week gestation, representing a prematurity rate of 15.7%. The mean gestational age and birth weight were 33.8 weeks and 2116 grams respectively. Group 1 comprised 13%. Late preterm infants (gestational age 34 to 36 6/7 weeks) accounted for 74%. The mortality rate was 4.6%. More infants died from group 1 (29% vs. 1.5%, p < 0.05). Group 1 infants had higher rates of respiratory distress syndrome (92% vs. 30%), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (28.4% vs. 1.1%), severe intraventricular hemorrhage (5.9% vs. 0.1%), high-stage retinopathy of prematurity (6.6% vs. 0.2%), necrotizing enterocolitis (9.2% vs. 0%), and sepsis (18.4% vs. 2.1%). At discharge, there was a significant difference in the length of stay, corrected gestational age, and weight in favor of group 2 (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Although high rate of prematurity was observed, the majority were late preterm with reassuring outcomes. Compared with >32-week infants, the mortality and short-term complications were more frequent among those born before 32 weeks. Still, the overall mortality rate and risk of morbidities were reasonable. Population-based analysis of the risk factors among the more vulnerable very preterm and extremely premature infants is recommended to better understand the outcomes.
Combined use of thyroid stimulating hormone plus free thyroxine levels and gestational age at birth for the prediction of neonatal hypothyroidism and associated risk factors; The present study aimed to explore the effectiveness of the combined use of thyroid‑stimulating hormone (TSH) and free thyroxine [(FT4); TSH+FT4] levels and gestational age at birth to predict neonatal hypothyroidism and to identify the risk factors associated with the disease. The clinical data of 686 neonates with suspected hypothyroidism (TSH >10 mIU/l) who were admitted to The First Affiliated Hospital of Chongqing Medical University were retrospectively analyzed. From these, 70 neonates with confirmed hypothyroidism were assigned to the patient group and another 70 neonates with normal thyroid function to the normal (control) group. Sex, gestational age at birth, Apgar score, birth weight, body length, head circumference and heart rate data were collected. TSH and FT4 levels were measured by electrochemiluminescence immunoassay, and the predictive value of combined use of TSH+FT4 and gestational age at birth on neonatal hypothy‑ roidism was analyzed. The prespecified secondary outcomes were the risk factors for neonatal hypothyroidism determined using univariate and logistic regression analyses. TSH levels were significantly higher, whereas FT4 levels were lower in the patient group at 3 days of age compared with the control group (P<0.05). After 8‑week treatment with thyroxine, these levels were not significantly different between the patient and control groups (P<0.05). The combined use of TSH+FT4 levels and gestational age at birth to predict neonatal hypothyroidism demonstrated a significantly improved sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, positive predictive value and negative predictive value (92.86, 97.26, 96.76, 81.25 and 99.07%, respectively) compared with the use of only TSH+FT4 levels (P<0.05). Logistic regression analysis revealed a low gestational age
Research and prospect of peptides for use in obesity treatment (review); Obesity and its related diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease, are steadily increasing worldwide. Over the past few decades, numerous studies have focused on the differentiation and function of brown and beige fat, providing evidence for their therapeutic potential in treating obesity. However, no specific novel drug has been developed to treat obesity in this way. Peptides are a class of chemically active substances, which are linked together by amino acids using peptide bonds. They have specific physiological activities, including browning of white fat. As signal molecules regulated by the neuroendocrine system, the role of polypeptides, such as neuropeptide Y, brain gut peptide and glucagon like peptide in obesity and its related complications has been revealed. Notably, with the rapid development of peptidomics, peptide drugs have been widely used in the prevention and treatment of metabolic diseases, due to their short half life, small apparent distribution volume, low toxicity and low side effects. The present review summarizes the progress and the new trend of peptide research, which may provide novel targets for the prevention and treatment of obesity.
ICP-MS and trace element analysis as tools for better understanding medical conditions; Element constitution and distribution in tissues and body fluids have increasingly become key pieces of information in life sciences and medicine, and trace elements may be successfully used as disease biomarkers. Here, we review the most recent advances in inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) and the related state-of-the-art instrumentation and methods (e.g. single-particle and single-cell determination capabilities) used to expand the application of trace element information to the study of diseases. Advanced statistical tools and machine learning used for evaluating, diagnosing, and treating different diseases has highlighted the importance of trace elements in clinical research. In this manuscript, we review recently published studies involving trace element analysis and machine learning applied to better understanding clinical conditions and pathologies, and discuss some perspectives for this field.
American College of Epidemiology Annual Meeting; The proceedings contains 47 papers. The topics discussed include: Risky Alcohol Consumption Increases the Perpetration of Antisocial Behaviours;Dental Care during Pregnancy;Visual HIV Health Information and Knowledge Among Deaf/Hard of Hearing;Health Care Access and Utilization Among Adults by Vision Impairment;Sociodemographic Disparities in the Treatment and Outcome of Pancreatic Cancer;Flu Vaccination and Associated Factors among Chinese Immigrants in Canada;Stressful Life Events and Postpartum Depression in Women with Disabilities;Racial Disparities in Asthma Control During Pregnancy;Racial/Ethnic Differences in the Association Between Family History of Cancer and Smoking Status Among US Adults;Enforcement of Stay-at-home Orders Associated with Improved COVID-19 Population Outcomes;Belief and Usage of Traditional Chinese Medicine as Preventative Measure against COVID-19 Infection During the Pandemic among Chinese Immigrants in Canada;Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Risk of Gynecologic Cancers: Results from a Nationwide Swedish Twin Study;Prediagnostic Consumption of Vitamin D, Calcium and Dairy Products and Colorectal Cancer Survival;Differences in the Knowledge of Cardiovascular Risk Reduction Behaviors in Young and Older Populations: Using 2018 Hints Survey Data;Joint Effects of Ethnic Enclave Residence and Air Pollution Exposure on Risk of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Among Asian/Pacific Islander Women in the United States;COVID-19, Racial Discrimination, and Psychological Distress;Gestational Weight Gain, Diet Quality and Dairy Consumption: NHANES 2003-2012;The Perceived Psychological Distress Towards COVID-19 and its Demographic Predictors;Persistent Organochlorine Pollutants and Cardiovascular Disease, By Diabetes and Triglycerides;Early Government Interventions are Correlated to Lower Peak COVID-19 Outcomes;Endometriosis and Uterine Fibroids, Harbingers of Premature Aging? A Study of US Women (1999-2002);Sociodemographic Impacts on Cancer Awareness and Beliefs in Newfoundland and Labrador(NL) Adults;Prediagnostic Consumption of Carbohydrates and Colorectal Cancer Survival: A Cohort Study
L-Fucose treatment of FUT8-CDG; FUT8-CDG is a severe multisystem disorder caused by mutations in FUT8, encoding the α-1,6-fucosyltransferase. We report on dizygotic twins with FUT8-CDG presenting with dysmorphisms, failure to thrive, and respiratory abnormalities. Due to the severe phenotype, oral L-fucose supplementation was started. Glycosylation analysis using mass spectrometry indicated a limited response to fucose therapy while the clinical presentation stabilized. Further research is needed to assess the concept of substrate supplementation in FUT8-CDG.
The Influence of Oxidative Stress-Related Factors on Pregnancy and Neonatal Outcomes; Background: Pregnancy is a physiological process associated with an excessive oxidative stress for both the mother and the neonate. Oxidative stress was extensively studied and is still in focus as a factor of maternal pathologies during pregnancy, with consequences on the outcome of the neonate. Aim: The aim of our study was to determine whether oxidative stress-related factors can influence the outcome of pregnancy, delivery, and the neonate's wellbeing. Material and methods: The study was conducted using a questionnaire among pregnant women with voluntary enrollment. Exclusion criteria were preeclampsia or other cardiovascular diseases, gestational diabetes, and hypothyroidism at admission. Patients were enrolled in a control group of 60 pregnant women without preexisting pathology and pregnancy with physiological course, a premature group of 21 pregnant women with premature delivery, and a cardiac group of 8 pregnant women with fetal heart disease known before birth. The study population was separated into subgroups based on dietary supplement use within the three main groups, and other subgroups for smoking/non-smoking mothers in the control group and one for smoking/non-smoking mothers in the premature and cardiac groups together. Results: The mean Apgar score at 1 minute was significantly higher in the control group compared to the cardiac group (p = 0.0023). The 1-minute Apgar score was significantly lower in infants that were born premature, from smoking mothers, compared to babies that were delivered at term (p = 0.0191). Although we did not obtain significant differences in birth weight corrected by gestational age between the control (mature) group and premature group, there was a good correlation in gestational age and birth weight of the preterm born infants (r = 0.8517, p <0.0001). Conclusions: Smoking can aggravate oxidative stress in pregnancy, which will contribute to a difficult postnatal adaptation of newborns from smoking mothers and will increase the risk of premature delivery.
Isolated right ventricular non-compaction in a neonate born to a mother with gestational diabetes: A case report; Background: Ventricular non-compaction, which is a rare congenital cardiomyopathy, results from an arrest in normal endomyocardial embryogenesis. It is characterized by a pattern of prominent trabecular meshwork and deep intertrabecular recesses. The clinical manifestations include systolic and diastolic dysfunctions, heart failure, ventricular arrhythmias, and cardioembolic events. Case report: Here we present the case of a neonate (38 weeks, weighing 2580 gr) born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM) with isolated right ventricular non-compaction (IRVNC) and systolic and diastolic right heart dysfunction due to meconium aspiration syndrome and tension pneumothorax. A 4-month follow-up demonstrated a complete improvement in the newborn. Conclusion: It is of paramount importance to consider RVNC cardiomyopathy a differential diagnosis of cyanosis and respiratory distress due to meconium aspiration syndrome in neonate s born to mothers with GDM. Apart from RV cardiac dysfunction, RVNC could cause such complications as pulmonary hypertension and tension pneumothorax. It can be also spontaneously improved in GMD.
Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that affects one in seven pregnancies. Emerging evidence demonstrates that children born of pregnancies complicated by GDM may be at increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to GDM in utero. PubMed, CINAHL, SCOPUS, and EMBASE databases were searched. Information was extracted on established CVD risk factors including blood pressure, lipids, blood glucose, fasting insulin, body mass index (BMI), and endothelial/microvascular function. The review protocol is registered in PROSPERO (CRD42018094983). Prospective and retrospective studies comparing offspring exposed to GDM compared to controls (non-GDM pregnancies) were considered. We included studies that defined GDM based on the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) definition, or prior definitions. The PRISMA guidelines were followed in conducting this systematic review. Methodological quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale. Study selection, data extraction, and quality assessment were done by two independent reviewers. The data were pooled using a random-effects model. Of 59 eligible studies, 24 were included in the meta-analysis. Offspring exposed to GDM had higher systolic blood pressure (mean difference (MD): 1.75 mmHg, 95% CI 0.57-2.94; eight studies, 7264 participants), BMI z-score (MD 0.11, 95% CI 0.02-0.20; nine studies, 8759 participants), and glucose (standard MD 0.43, 95% CI 0.08-0.77; 11 studies, 6423 participants) than control participants. In conclusion, offspring exposed to GDM have elevated systolic blood pressure, BMI, and glucose. Those exposed to GDM in utero may benefit from early childhood blood pressure measurements.
Differences in cardiac geometry in relation to body size among neonates with abnormal prenatal growth and body size at birth; OBJECTIVES: Both excessive and restricted fetal growth are associated with changes in cardiac geometry and function at birth. There are significant issues when indexing cardiac parameters for body size in the neonatal period. The aims of this study were to determine to what extent cardiac geometry is dependent on body size in term and preterm neonates with restricted or excessive fetal growth and how this is affected by adiposity. METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study of neonates born between 31 and 42 weeks of gestation, divided into three groups: (1) small-for-gestational age (SGA, birth weight > 2 SD below the mean); (2) large-for-gestational age (LGA, birth weight > 2 SD above the mean); and (3) appropriate-for-gestational-age controls (AGA, birth weight ≤ 2 SD from the mean). Cardiac geometry and function were compared between the study groups, adjusting for body size. The potential impact of infant adiposity and maternal disease was assessed. RESULTS: In total, 174 neonates were included, of which 39 were SGA, 45 were LGA and 90 were AGA. Body size was reflected in cardiac dimensions, with differences in cardiac dimensions disappearing between the SGA and AGA groups when indexed for body surface area (BSA) or thoracic circumference. The same was true for the differences in atrial and ventricular areas between the LGA and AGA groups. However, left ventricular inflow and outflow tract dimensions did not follow this trend as, when indexed for BSA, they were associated negatively with adiposity, resulting in diminished dimensions in LGA compared with AGA and SGA neonates. Adiposity was associated positively with left ventricular mass, right ventricular length and area and right atrial area. The SGA group showed increased right ventricular fractional area change, possibly reflecting differences in the systolic function of the right ventricle. We found evidence of altered diastolic function between the groups, with the mitral valve inflow E- to lateral E'-wave peak velocity ratio being increased in the LGA group and decreased in the SGA group. CONCLUSIONS: Cardiac geometry is explained by body size in both term and preterm AGA and SGA infants. However, the nature of the relationship between body size and cardiac dimensions may be influenced by adiposity in LGA infants, leading to underestimation of left ventricular inflow and outflow tract dimensions when adjusted for BSA. Adjustments for thoracic circumference provide similar results to those for BSA. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive disorder of pregnancy; Background and objective Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) affect 5%-10% of pregnancies and have been associated with excess maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. The primary aim of this study was to reliably estimate absolute and relative risks of CVD after HDP. Methods A retrospective cohort of women who had singleton pregnancies in New South Wales, Australia, between 2002 and 2016 and identified using linked population health administrative databases. The primary exposure was new-onset HDP (pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational hypertension), and the endpoint was hospitalisation or death due to ischaemic or hypertensive heart disease, or stroke. Kaplan-Meier analysis estimated risks among mothers following their first birth, and multivariable time-dependent Cox regression estimated the association between HDP and CVD. Results Among 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. The 10-year estimated risk of CVD was 2.1 per 1000 if no HDP and 5.5 per 1000 following HDP. Adjusting for demographics, gestational diabetes, small for gestational age and preterm birth, we found that there was an interaction between smoking and HDP, and a larger effect of early-onset (<34 weeks) HDP, compared with late-onset HDP. The HR for women with early-onset HDP who did not smoke was 4.90 (95% CI 3.00 to 7.80) and the HR for those who did smoke was 23.5 (95% CI 13.5 to 40.5), each compared with women without HDP who did not smoke. Conclusion In this nationally representative Australian cohort, HDP, especially early onset, conferred a clear increase in the risk of CVD, with amplification by smoking. Targeted preventive health, during and after pregnancy, could prevent a substantial burden of CVD among childbearing women.
Post-Cesarean Peritonitis Caused by Hysterorrhaphy Dehiscence with Puerperal Acute Abdomen Syndrome; We present an overview of the case of a patient with early hysterorrhaphy dehiscence (uteroperitoneal fistula) with endomyometritis and post-cesarean section peritonitis and puerperal acute abdomen in a 35-year-old puerpera. A exploratory relaparotomy, necrectomy, and resuture of the dehiscent part of the hysterotomy were performed with placement of hemostatic sponges on the same portion of the uterus with good recovery.
Association of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes with Risk of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Postmenopausal Women; Importance: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) may have unique risk factors in women. Most women have a history of pregnancy; common adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) appear to be associated with ASCVD, but prior studies have limitations. Objective: To assess whether APOs are associated with increased ASCVD risk independently of traditional risk factors. Design, Setting, and Participants: The APO history among participants in the Women's Health Initiative, a large multiethnic cohort of postmenopausal women, was assessed. The associations of 5 self-reported APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight [ie, birth weight less than 2.49 kg], high birth weight [ie, birth weight greater than 4.08 kg], and preterm delivery by 3 weeks or more) with ASCVD were analyzed, adjusting for traditional ASCVD risk factors. Data were collected and analyzed in 2017. Exposures: APOs (gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, high birth weight, and preterm delivery). Main Outcomes and Measures: Adjudicated ASCVD. Results: A total of 48113 Women's Health Initiative participants responded to the survey; the median (interquartile range) age at time of enrollment was 60.0 (55.0-64.0) years. A total of 13482 participants (28.8%) reported 1 or more APOs. Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease was more frequent in women who reported an APO compared with those without APOs (1028 of 13 482 [7.6%] vs 1758 of 30 522 [5.8%]). Each APO, analyzed separately, was significantly associated with ASCVD, and gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, low birth weight, and preterm delivery remained significant after adjustment for traditional ASCVD risk factors. When all APOs were analyzed together, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (odds ratio, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.15-1.40) and low birth weight (odds ratio, 1.12; 95% CI, 1.00-1.26) remained independently associated with ASCVD. All findings were materially unchanged by additional adjustment for parity, body mass index, and socioeconomic factors. Conclusions and Relevance: In this large multiethnic cohort of women, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and low birth weight were independently associated with ASCVD after adjustment for risk factors and other APOs.
Trends in Selected Chronic Conditions and Related Risk Factors among Women of Reproductive Age: Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, 2011-2017; Introduction: Chronic diseases in the United States are the leading drivers of disability, death, and health care costs. In women of reproductive age (WRA), chronic disease and related risk factors can also affect fertility and reproductive health outcomes. This analysis of trends from 2011 to 2017 adds additional indicators and updates an analysis covering 2001-2009. Methods: Data from the 2011-2017 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System were analyzed for 265,544 WRA (18-44 years). To assess trends in 12 chronic conditions and related risk factors, we calculated annual prevalence estimates and adjusted prevalence ratios (APRs) with predicted marginals accounting for age, race, Hispanic ethnicity, education, and health care coverage. Results: From 2011 to 2017, prevalence decreased for current smoking (20.7%-15.9%; p < 0.001), gestational diabetes (3.1%-2.7%; p = 0.003), and high cholesterol (19.0%-16.7%; p < 0.001); prevalence increased for depression (20.4%-24.9%; p < 0.001) and obesity (24.6%-27.6%; p < 0.001). After adjustment, in 2017 WRA were more likely to report asthma (APR = 1.06; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-1.11), physical inactivity (APR = 1.08; 95% CI = 1.04-1.12), obesity (APR = 1.15; 95% CI = 1.11-1.19), and depression (APR = 1.29; 95% CI = 1.25-1.34) compared with 2011. They were less likely to report high cholesterol (APR = 0.89; 95% CI = 0.85-0.94) in 2015 compared with 2011, and current smoking (APR = 0.86; 95% CI = 0.82-0.89) and gestational diabetes (APR = 0.84; 95% CI = 0.75-0.94) in 2017 compared with 2011. Conclusions: Some chronic conditions and related risk factors improved, whereas others worsened over time. Research clarifying reasons for these trends may support the development of targeted interventions to promote improvements, potentially preventing adverse reproductive outcomes and promoting long-term health.
Reproductive risk factors for angiographic obstructive coronary artery disease among postmenopausal women; Objective: Reproductive factors are female-specific coronary artery disease (CAD) risk factors. However, the importance of reproductive factors in angiographic obstructive CAD in postmenopausal women remains uncertain. This study aimed to compare reproductive factors between postmenopausal women with no apparent CAD, nonobstructive CAD, and obstructive CAD and identify reproductive risk factors for obstructive CAD. Methods: In this hospital-based cross-sectional study, 1,474 postmenopausal women, admitted with chest pain and referred for invasive coronary angiography were enrolled between April 2013 and October 2018. Results: Adjusted odds ratio (95% CI) for obstructive CAD were 1.81 (1.03-3.17) for multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), 1.77 (1.14-2.76) for early menopause (≤40 y old), and 1.72 (1.26-2.35) for short reproductive life span (≤30 y). Each additional year in age at menopause or reproductive life span was associated with a 4% reduction in obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women (odds ratio, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99; P = 0.011). The other reproductive factors, including parity, age at first birth, spontaneous abortion, induced abortion, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, and age at menarche, were not correlated with obstructive CAD risk in postmenopausal women. Conclusions: Multigravidity (three or more pregnancies), early menopause, and a shorter reproductive life span were independent risk factors of angiographic obstructive CAD among postmenopausal women, which suggested that pregnancy and ovarian function may be important for the early identification and prevention of increased risk of female angiographic obstructive CAD.
Pheochromocytoma, a Mimicker of Hypertensive Disorders in Pregnancy, A Case Report; Introduction: Pheochromocytomas, tumors that secrete catecholamines, are exceedingly rare especially in pregnancy. The symptoms of pheochromocytoma are classically described as a triad of episodic headaches, sweating, and tachycardia; approximately 50% will also have paroxysmal hypertension. These symptoms often overlap with symptoms seen in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy such as pre-eclampsia as well as normal physiologic changes encountered in pregnancy; this makes it easy for a pheochromocytoma to be overlooked. Pheochromocytomas in pregnancy have been associated with a high risk of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality, so timely diagnosis is imperative. We describe a complicated postpartum course in a patient who is later diagnosed with pheochromocytoma. Case Presentation: We present a case of a 39-year-old G6P4014 who presented for scheduled repeat cesarean at 38 weeks gestational age. Patient's antepartum course was complicated by gestational hypertension on nifedipine and gestational diabetes on metformin. Cesarean section was overall uncomplicated. The patient's postpartum course was complicated by severe range blood pressures on hospital day 1 with nifedipine dosage increased. Pre-eclampsia workup was performed and was unremarkable with protein/creatinine ratio of 231. On hospital day 2, patient had multiple repeat episodes of severe range blood pressures up to 234/91. At this time, magnesium sulfate was started for seizure prophylaxis and suspected pre-eclampsia with severe features. Soon after initiation of magnesium, patient became hypotensive to 68/37 and magnesium was stopped. Patient's postoperative course continued with labile blood pressures requiring multiple doses of IV antihypertensives; due to poor control, hospital medicine and nephrology were consulted. Broader workup was performed, which included thyroid function tests, cortisol, catecholamines, and metanephrines. Repeat pre-eclampsia labs were performed and unremarkable. Thyroid tests and cortisol returned normal during her hospital stay. The patient remained inpatient with poorly controlled blood pressures, sweating, and flushing. After final adjustment of antihypertensive regimen, the patient was discharged on hospital day 11 on labetalol, nifedipine, and clonidine. Metanephrines and catecholamines were still in process at time of discharge. Working Diagnosis: Patient's remaining labs returned soon after discharge with elevation of metanephrines at 11,416 mcg/24 hr. She was seen by nephrology in outpatient setting at 10 weeks postpartum and repeat metanephrines remained elevated at 10,487 mcg/24 hr. Symptoms continued with flushing, sweating, and poorly controlled blood pressures for which she was followed closely for. CT abdomen was performed which revealed right adrenal mass measuring 5.5 x 4.4 cm with heterogeneity and cystic areas, highly suggestive of pheochromocytoma. Outcome: The patient remains stable and on a beta blocker for blood pressure control at this time. Suspicion is high for pheochromocytoma and the patient is scheduled for definitive treatment with adrenalectomy. Learning Objectives Upon completion of this lecture, learners should be able to more easily identify a secondary cause for hypertension in pregnancy in clinical practice and should be able to differentiate between symptoms of pheochromocytoma in pregnancy and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy such as pre-eclampsia.
Nutrition and Metabolic Adaptations in Physiological and Complicated Pregnancy: Focus on Obesity and Gestational Diabetes; Pregnancy offers a window of opportunity to program the future health of both mothers and offspring. During gestation, women experience a series of physical and metabolic modifications and adaptations, which aim to protect the fetus development and are closely related to both pre-gestational nutritional status and gestational weight gain. Moreover, pre-gestational obesity represents a challenge of treatment, and nowadays there are new evidence as regard its management, especially the adequate weight gain. Recent evidence has highlighted the determinant role of nutritional status and maternal diet on both pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of chronic diseases, through a transgenerational flow, conceptualized by the Development Origin of Health and Diseases (Dohad) theory. In this review we will analyse the physiological and endocrine adaptation in pregnancy, and the metabolic complications, thus the focal points for nutritional and therapeutic strategies that we must early implement, virtually before conception, to safeguard the health of both mother and progeny. We will summarize the current nutritional recommendations and the use of nutraceuticals in pregnancy, with a focus on the management of pregnancy complicated by obesity and hyperglycemia, assessing the most recent evidence about the effects of ante-natal nutrition on the long-term, on either maternal health or metabolic risk of the offspring.
Coagulation dysfunction in a newborn infant caused by maternal exposure to clozapine during pregnancy; A 31-year-old female patient with schizophrenia got pregnant naturally during the treatment with clozapine (50 mg/d) and had been taking the drug during the pregnancy. Prenatal fetal ultrasound and chromosome examination showed no obvious abnormalities. The mother received subcutaneous injections of insulin aspart injection and insulin detemir injection and oral iron polysaccharide complex capsules for gestational diabetes mellitus and mild anemia successively during pregnancy. One live male infant was delivered by cesarean section at 39+2 weeks of gestation, with a birth weight of 3 280 g. The infant's Apgar score was 10. Physical examination of the newborn showed scattered ecchymosis on limbs skin, pinpoint-like petechiae on whole-body skin, and arrhythmia by heart auscultation. Laboratory tests showed prothrombin time 14.4 s, activated partial thromboplastin time 69.4 s, thrombin time 22.9 s, fibrinogen 1.27 g/L, and platelet count 366×109/L. Neonatal coagulation dysfunction was diagnosed, which was considered to be possibly related to clozapine. Intravenous infusions of vitamin K1 injection and human fibrinogen were given. Four days later, ecchymosis and petechiae on his whole body were less than before, prothrombin time was 11.4 s, activated partial thromboplastin time was 45.0 s, thrombin time was 20.6 s, and fibrinogen was 2.22 g/L. Eight days later, his ecchymosis and petechiae basically disappeared.
Maternal BMI at the time of birth and selected risk factors associated with severe neonatal outcomes: A secondary analysis of the WHO Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project; The main objective of this secondary analysis was to describe the nutritional status of the Better Outcomes in Labour Difficulty (BOLD) project study population and determine possible associations between maternal nutritional status (as reflected by maternal BMI at the time of birth) and severe neonatal outcomes (SNO). We also analysed previous and index maternal pathologies to determine associations with neonatal outcomes. We used the classification designed by Atalah for maternal BMI and compared with the Hyperglycaemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome study one. To describe the nutritional status of this population, figures of distribution and test of normality related to weight and BMI were presented for the women and their babies. To explore the association between maternal BMI data and SNO, the χ2 test was performed. To identify a maternal characteristic or a group of characteristics that could predict SNO, we used Fisher's exact test using previous maternal pathology collected in the BOLD project as well as that in the index pregnancy. In this study, BMI at the time of birth was not associated with neonatal near miss or death. We found that previous maternal obesity, diabetes and chronic hypertension were associated with SNO. Maternal pathology in the index pregnancy such as other obstetric haemorrhage, pre-eclampsia, anaemia and gestational diabetes was associated with SNO.
The individual and joint effects of maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and gestational diabetes on infant birth size; Background and aims: To examine the independent effect of maternal serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D [25(OH)D] deficiency and its joint effect with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on infant birth size. Methods and results: This retrospective cohort study was conducted in 15,724 mother-offspring dyads in Beijing, China between 2016 and 2017. Outcomes included infant birth weight Z-score (adjusted for gestational age and sex) and large for gestational age (LGA). Exposures were maternal 25(OH)D concentrations. Linear and logistic regression models were used to assess the associations of exposures with continuous and binary outcomes, respectively. Exposure-outcome associations were not observed when analyzing 25(OH)D concentrations continuously or in quartiles (P > 0.05); however, mothers with severely deficient 25(OH)D concentrations (n = 307) had a decreased risk of LGA compared with those with sufficient 25(OH)D concentrations (≥30.0 ng/mL; n = 5400) (adjusted odds ratio (OR): 0.63; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.42, 0.93). Compared to mothers with no 25(OH)D deficiency (≥20.0 ng/mL) and no GDM (n = 7975), those with both 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM (n = 1090) had 0.15 (95% CI: 0.09, 0.21) higher infant birth weight Z-score and a higher risk of LGA (OR: 1.29; 95% CI: 1.09, 1.52). Maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM had additive interaction on the risk of LGA (relative risk due to interaction: 0.18). Conclusion: Mothers with severely deficient 25(OH)D might have a decreased risk of LGA. However, the joint effect of maternal 25(OH)D deficiency and GDM might increase the risk of LGA. Our findings have clinical and public health implications and provide potential directions for future studies.
Gestational diabetes: A link between OGTT, maternal-fetal outcomes and maternal glucose tolerance after childbirth; Background and aim: The relationship among distribution of pathological values at the Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT), metabolic risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women with Gestational Diabetes (GDM), has not been clearly identified. We retrospectively compared metabolic and therapeutic parameters, maternal–fetal outcomes and post-partum OGTTs, with respect to the number and distribution of altered values of diagnostic OGTT in pregnancy. Secondly, we assessed whether insulin therapy predictive factors were identifiable. Methods and results: This analysis included 602 pregnant women with GDM, followed in Diabetes and Pregnancy Unit of Perugia Hospital from diagnosis to childbirth. All women were diagnosed diabetic upon 75g OGTT, according IADPSG criteria. Women were divided into 3 groups, respect to distribution of diagnostic blood glucose (BG) values at OGTT: Group 1: only fasting BG (OGTT0h); Group 2: 1 and/or 2h (OGTT1-2h); Group 3: both fasting and 1 h and/or 2h (OGTT0+1–2h) BG. Pregnant women with fasting hyperglycemia at OGTT (Groups 1 and 3) had similar metabolic characteristics (weight, prevalence of obesity, gestational weight gain, HbA1c), a greater need for insulin therapy, and a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance persistence after childbirth, as compared to Group 2. No significant differences were observed in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes (p > 0.05), except for a greater prevalence of caesarean sections in Group 3. Conclusion: The metabolic characteristics of GDM women are mirrored by OGTT values at diagnosis, but are not associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Intensive management and a tailored treatment of GDM improve maternal-neonatal outcomes, regardless of diagnostic values distribution and pre-gestational metabolic characteristics.
Case Report: Infantile Ischemic Stroke and Antiphospholipid Antibodies, Description of Four Cases; Antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is a rare condition in childhood, but even more in the neonatal age. Most neonatal cases are considered a passively acquired autoimmune disease, due to a transplacental passage of maternal antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) from mothers with primary or secondary APS or, more often, from asymptomatic aPL carriers. Exceedingly unusual is the neonatal de novo production of aPL. We present four infants with presumed perinatal stroke in presence of increased and persistent aPL levels, even after 6 months of life, opening the window on a gray zone related to the origin of these antibodies (maternal or neonatal) and on their role in the pathogenesis of stroke.
Risk factors during first 1,000 days of life for carotid intima-media thickness in infants, children, and adolescents: A systematic review with meta-analyses; Background The first 1,000 days of life, i.e., from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period for cardiovascular health. Increased carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of atherosclerosis. We performed a systematic review with meta-analyses to assess (1) the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1,000 days of life and CIMT in infants, children, and adolescents; and (2) the CIMT measurement methods. Methods and findings Systematic searches of Medical Literature Analysis and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE), Excerpta Medica database (EMBASE), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were performed from inception to March 2019. Observational and interventional studies evaluating factors at the individual, familial, or environmental levels, for instance, size at birth, gestational age, breastfeeding, mode of conception, gestational diabetes, or smoking, were included. Quality was evaluated based on study methodological validity (adjusted Newcastle–Ottawa Scale if observational; Cochrane collaboration risk of bias tool if interventional) and CIMT measurement reliability. Estimates from bivariate or partial associations that were least adjusted for sex were used for pooling data across studies, when appropriate, using random-effects meta-analyses. The research protocol was published and registered on the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO; CRD42017075169). Of 6,221 reports screened, 50 full-text articles from 36 studies (34 observational, 2 interventional) totaling 7,977 participants (0 to 18 years at CIMT assessment) were retained. Children born small for gestational age had increased CIMT (16 studies, 2,570 participants, pooled standardized mean difference (SMD): 0.40 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.15 to 0.64, p: 0.001), I2: 83%). When restricted to studies of higher quality of CIMT measurement, this relationship was stronger (3 studies, 461 participants, pooled SMD: 0.64 (95% CI: 0.09 to 1.19, p: 0.024), I2: 86%). Only 1 study evaluating small size for gestational age was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies (ART) (3 studies, 323 participants, pooled SMD: 0.78 (95% CI: −0.20 to 1.75, p: 0.120), I2: 94%) or exposed to maternal smoking during pregnancy (3 studies, 909 participants, pooled SMD: 0.12 (95% CI: −0.06 to 0.30, p: 0.205), I2: 0%) had increased CIMT, but the imprecision around the estimates was high. None of the studies evaluating these 2 factors was rated as high quality for all methodological domains. Two studies evaluating the effect of nutritional interventions starting at birth did not show an effect on CIMT. Only 12 (33%) studies were at higher quality across all domains of CIMT reliability. The degree of confidence in results is limited by the low number of high-quality studies, the relatively small sample sizes, and the high between-study heterogeneity.
Occurrence and related factors of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region during 2017-2019; Objective: To investigate the incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and explore the related factors and their combined effects. Methods: The study subjects were women giving birth to live babies at the monitoring points of critical maternal hospital monitoring system in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region from January 1, 2017 to December 31, 2019. The data of general characteristics (age and marital status), pregnancies (parity, number of previous cesarean delivery, the number of prenatal check and number of fetuses in this pregnancy) and disease conditions (placenta previa, placental abruption, hypertension, diabetes, anemia, and heart disease) were collected, and the incidence of preterm birth were calculated according to the definition of preterm birth set by WHO and China, respectively. Logistic regression model was used to explore the factors associated with premature birth and their combined effects. Results: According to definitions of WHO and China, the cumulative incidence of preterm birth in Guangxi from 2017 to 2019 was 7.45% (16 819/225 727) and 7.34% (16 559/225 727), respectively. Advanced age [≤34 years old as reference, OR (95%CI) of 35-39 and ≥40 years old were 1.36 (1.30-1.42) and 1.61 (1.50-1.74), respectively], unmarried (including divorced or widowed) [OR (95%CI): 1.28 (1.17-1.40)], primiparae [OR (95%CI): 1.34 (1.29-1.40)], previous cesarean section [no previous cesarean section as reference, OR (95%CI) of 1 and ≥2 times of previous cesarean section were 1.30 (1.24-1.36) and 1.85 (1.65-2.08), respectively], antenatal examination<8 [OR (95%CI): 2.72 (2.62-2.81)], multiple pregnancies [OR (95%CI): 15.00 (14.01-16.06)], placenta previa [OR (95%CI): 6.90 (6.35-7.50)], placental abruption [OR (95%CI): 8.18 (7.36-9.10)], gestational hypertension [OR (95%CI): 2.29 (2.17-2.42)], gestational diabetes mellitus [OR (95%CI): 1.43 (1.37-1.49)], anemia [OR (95%CI): 1.10 (1.07-1.14)], and heart diseases [OR (95%CI): 2.98(2.43-3.65)] were all positively correlated with preterm birth. The risk of preterm birth in pregnant women exposed to 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and ≥7 preterm birth related factors was 1.51, 2.29, 4.49, 9.69, 20.87, 46.88 and 192.11 times that of non-exposed women, respectively (all P values<0.001). Conclusion: Preterm birth is associated with maternal general characteristics, pregnancy and disease status, and the combined effect of preterm birth related factors significantly increases the risk of preterm birth.
Clinical characteristics and pregnancy outcome of 14 pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; Objective: To summarize the clinical characters and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women with history of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). Methods: A total of 14 pregnant women with pre-existing ASCVD admitted to Beijing Anzhen Hospital from October 2013 to May 2020 were enrolled as subjects, whose ASCVD disease status, clinical manifestations, treatment and pregnancy outcomes were collected and retrospectively analyzed. Results: The age of subjects at diagnosis of ASCVD was (31±7) years old. The main intervention before pregnancy was revascularization (10 cases), and the rest 4 cases were treated with medicine. The age of subjects at pregnancy was (36±5) years old. A total of 12 cases had risk factors of ASCVD. In early stages of pregnancy, there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 with cardiac function level Ⅳ. Abnormal ventricular wall motion and ventricular aneurysm formation were determined in 3 cases by echocardiography, one of which was complicated with moderate left ventricular ejection fraction impairment. Abnormal ST segment in 4 cases and sinus tachycardia in 1 case were found by electrocardiogram. Troponin (TNI) increased in 1 case. The serum low density lipoprotein cholesterol level (LDL-C) of these pregnant women at early stages of pregnancy was (2.3±1.0) mmol/L. A total of 9 pregnant women entered later stages of pregnancy, 1 of whom had chest tightness after slight activity. There were 4 cases with excessive weight gain and 2 cases with insufficient weight gain during pregnancy, and there were 1 case with cardiac function level Ⅲ and 1 case with mild impaired left heart function. The average level of LDL-C was (2.6±0.6) mmol/L in 5 pregnant women at their later stages of pregnancy. The main treat measures included anti-platelet therapy (aspirin, 75-100 mg/d) and healthy lifestyle interventions. Five pregnant women terminated their pregnancy at the early stage of pregnancy, and 9 full-term pregnant women underwent hysterotomy with intraoperative blood loss of 180-800 ml. Adverse cardiac events occurred in 2 cases and gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 3 cases during pregnancy, among which 2 cases were complicated with chronic hypertension and preeclampsia. The weight of 9 live newborns was (3 102±647) g, among which 2 were smaller than gestational age and 1 was of low birth weight. Conclusions: Women with established ASCVD before preynancy have risk of adverse cardiac events in pregnancy. Strengthening the management of high risk factors in pregnancy is conducive to achieving a good pregnancy outcome.
Cardiovascular Care for Pregnant Women With Cardiovascular Disease; Background: Cardio-obstetrics refers to a team-based approach to maternal care that includes multidisciplinary collaboration among maternal fetal medicine, cardiology, and others. Objectives: This study sought to describe clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions in a cohort of pregnant women with underlying cardiovascular disease (CVD) followed by a cardio-obstetrics team. Methods: We identified patients evaluated by our cardio-obstetrics team from January 1, 2010, through December 31, 2019, at a quaternary care hospital in New York City. Information was collected regarding demographics, comorbidities, underlying CVD, medications, maternal and fetal outcomes, and cardiovascular readmissions. Each patient was assigned a Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy (CARPREG) II score based on her clinical characteristics and underlying CVD. Results: During the study period, 306 pregnant women (median age 29 years, 52.9% Hispanic or Latino) with CVD were seen. Most women (74.2%) were insured through Medicaid. The most common forms of CVD included arrhythmia (n = 88, 28.8%), congenital heart disease (n = 72, 23.5%), and cardiomyopathy (n = 72, 23.5%). The median CARPREG II score was 3; 130 patients (42.5%) had a CARPREG II score ≥4. Gestational diabetes occurred in 11.4%, gestational hypertension in 9.5%, and preeclampsia in 12.1% of women. Intensive care unit admission was required for 27 patients (8.8%) during delivery. Median gestational age for delivery was 38 weeks (interquartile range: 37 to 39). Live birth occurred in 98% of pregnancies. One maternal death occurred within a year of delivery in a woman with Eisenmenger syndrome. Following delivery, 30-day readmission rate was 2% and the rate of readmission from 30 to 90 days postpartum was 4.6%. Median follow-up was 2.6 years. Conclusions: In a population of primarily Medicaid-insured pregnant women managed by a cardio-obstetrics team, maternal outcomes were encouraging and readmission rates following delivery were low. Prospective studies are needed to evaluate the impact of cardio-obstetric models of care on maternal outcomes.
Core outcome set for diabetes after pregnancy prevention across the life span: International Delphi study; Introduction Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of future diabetes. An active area of research examines health behavior change strategies in women within 5 years of a GDM pregnancy to prevent diabetes after pregnancy. We aimed to develop a core outcome set (COS) to facilitate synthesis and comparison across trials. Research design and methods Candidate outcomes were identified through systematic review and scored for importance (1-9) by healthcare professionals, researchers, and women with prior GDM through an international two-round electronic-Delphi survey. Outcomes retained required round two scores above prespecified thresholds (≥70% scoring 7-9) or expert panel endorsement when scores were indeterminate. The panel organized the COS by domain. Results 115 stakeholders participated in the survey and 56 completed both rounds. SD of scores decreased by 0.24 (95%CI 0.21 to 0.27) by round 2, signaling convergence. The final COS includes 19 domains (50 outcomes): diabetes (n=3 outcomes), other related diseases (n=3), complications in subsequent pregnancy (n=2), offspring outcomes (n=3), adiposity (n=4), cardiometabolic measures (n=5), glycemia (n=3), physical activity (n=2), diet (n=4), breast feeding (n=2), behavior change theory (n=5), diabetes-related knowledge (n=2), health literacy (n=1), social support (n=1), sleep (n=1), quality of life (n=1), program delivery (n=4), health economic evaluation (n=2), and diabetes risk screening (n=2). The seven outcomes endorsed by ≥90% were diabetes development and GDM recurrence, attending the postpartum diabetes screening and completing oral glucose tolerance testing and/or other glycemia measures, weight and total energy intake, and health behaviors in general. Among the 15 at the 80%-90% endorsement level, approximately half were specific elements related to the top 7, while the remainder related to diabetes knowledge, personal risk perception, motivation for change, program element completion, and health service use and cost. Conclusion Researchers should collect and report outcomes from the breadth of domains in the COS.
Disease ionomics: Understanding the role of ions in complex disease; Ionomics is a novel multidisciplinary field that uses advanced techniques to investigate the composition and distribution of all minerals and trace elements in a living organism and their variations under diverse physiological and pathological conditions. It involves both high-throughput elemental profiling technologies and bioinformatic methods, providing opportunities to study the molecular mechanism underlying the metabolism, homeostasis, and cross-talk of these elements. While much effort has been made in exploring the ionomic traits relating to plant physiology and nutrition, the use of ionomics in the research of serious diseases is still in progress. In recent years, a number of ionomic studies have been carried out for a variety of complex diseases, which offer theoretical and practical insights into the etiology, early diagnosis, prognosis, and therapy of them. This review aims to give an overview of recent applications of ionomics in the study of complex diseases and discuss the latest advances and future trends in this area. Overall, disease ionomics may provide substantial information for systematic understanding of the properties of the elements and the dynamic network of elements involved in the onset and development of diseases.
Treatment with flow diverter stent during pregnancy; Intracranial aneurysms are rarely diagnosed during pregnancy. If treatment is necessary, surgery was traditionally preferred over embolization in case of ongoing pregnancy, due to concerns regarding foetal radiation exposure. We present a case of 21 mm unruptured carotid-ophthalmic aneurysm diagnosed during pregnancy and treated with flow diversion. Foetal radiation dose was estimated between 1 and 5 mGy, well below recommended limits. Double antiplatelet therapy with prasugrel and aspirin was administered between week 17 and week 37, followed by uneventful vaginal delivery at 39 weeks. The new-born infant did not present any clinical abnormalities. Post-natal angiography showed complete aneurysm occlusion. To our knowledge, this is the first report of flow diverter stent placement during ongoing pregnancy. Although a good outcome was observed in this case, this result should be interpreted with caution. Further studies are needed in order to better define the safety profiles of intracranial stents and double antiplatelet therapies during pregnancy.
Alternatives to insulin for the regulation of blood sugar levels in type 2 diabetes; This short overview focuses on the causation and treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Emphasis is given to the historical basis of understanding this disease and the background leading to emergence of the central role of insulin. The strengths of insulin administration in the treatment of diabetes are profound, but these need to be balanced against several serious shortcomings of its extended use. Some alternative approaches to T2D management are considered. Insulin is no longer considered as the first choice for type 2 diabetes, and an expanding range of new therapeutic possibilities is emerging. While these may lack the potency of insulin, at a minimum, they allow a major reduction in the intensity of insulin use. In view of the rising worldwide incidence of this disease, it is imperative to develop safe and inexpensive means of limiting its potential for impairment of normal functioning.
Association analysis in children born from normal and complicated pregnancies—cardiovascular disease associated micrornas and the incidence of prehypertension/hypertension, overweight/obesity, valve problems and heart defects; The goal was to assess how a history of any kind of pregnancy‐related complication altered expression profile of microRNAs played a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes, cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in the peripheral blood leukocytes of children at the age of 3–11 years. The prior exposure to gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, fetal growth restriction, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm prelabor rupture of membranes or spontaneous preterm birth causes that a significant proportion of children (57.42% to 90.0% specifically) had a substantially altered microRNA expression profile, which might be the origin of a lifelong cardiovascular risk. A total of 23 out of 29 tested microRNAs were upregulated in children born from such complicated gestation. The occurrence of overweight, obesity, valve problems and heart defects even intensified upregulation of microRNAs already present in children exposed to such pregnancy complications. The occurrence of overweight/obesity (miR‐92a‐3p, and miR‐210‐3p) and valve problems or heart defects (miR‐342‐3p) induced microRNA upregulation in children affected with pregnancy complications. Overall, 42.86% overweight/obese children and 27.36% children with valve problems or heart defects had even higher microRNA levels than children with normal clinical findings after complicated pregnancies. In addition, the microRNA expression profile was also able to differentiate between children descending from normal gestation in relation to the occurrence of overweight and obesity. Screening on the base of the combination of 19 microRNAs identified 70.0% overweight/obese children at 90.0% specificity. In general, children after complicated pregnancies, just as children after normal pregnancies, with abnormal findings are at a higher risk of the onset of cardiovascular complications, and their dispensarization, with the aim to implement primary prevention strategies, would be beneficial.
Dietary inflammatory index during pregnancy and the risk of intrapartum fetal asphyxia: The japan environment and children’s study; We aimed to examine the impact of a daily pro-inflammatory diet during pregnancy on intrapartum fetal acidemia using a large birth cohort study in Japan. We used data on singleton pregnancies in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) involving births from 2011 to 2014 through vaginal delivery to calculate the maternal dietary inflammatory index (DII). Participants were categorized according to DII quintiles. A multiple logistic regression model was used to estimate the risk of a pro-inflammatory diet on fetal umbilical artery pH. In total, 56,490 participants were eligible for this study. Multiple regression analysis showed that nulliparous women who had undergone vaginal delivery and were consuming a pro-inflammatory diet had an increased risk of pH < 7.10 (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 1.64, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.12–2.39). Among these women, the risk of pH < 7.10 was not affected by the duration of labor (aOR: 1.64, 95% CI: 1.11–2.42). In conclusion, following a pro-inflammatory diet during pregnancy is a risk factor for fetal acidosis among nulliparous women undergoing vaginal delivery. A high DII diet during pregnancy may modify the intrapartum fetal heart rate pattern via intrauterine inflammation.
Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy and Vascular Complications in Diabetes Mellitus; Vascular complications in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are common. Since impaired oxygen balance in plasma plays an important role in the pathogenesis of chronic DM-associated complications, the administration of hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT) has been recommended to influence development of vascular complications. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy involves inhalation of 100% oxygen under elevated pressure from 1.6 to 2.8 absolute atmospheres in hyperbaric chambers. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy increases plasma oxygen solubility, contributing to better oxygen diffusion to distant tissues and preservation of the viability of tissues reversibly damaged by atherosclerosis-induced ischemia, along with microcirculation restoration. Hyperbaric oxygen therapy exerts antiatherogenic, antioxidant, and cardioprotective effects by altering the level and composition of plasma fatty acids and also by promoting signal transduction through membranes, which are impaired by hyperglycemia and hypoxia. In addition, HBOT affects molecules involved in the regulation of nitric oxide synthesis and in that way exerts anti-inflammatory and angiogenic effects in patients with DM. In this review, we explore the recent literature related to the effects of HBOT on DM-related vascular complications.
Maternal risk associated with the VACTERL association: A case–control study; Background: The VACTERL association (VACTERL) includes at least three of these congenital anomalies: vertebral, anal, cardiac, trachea-esophageal, renal, and limb anomalies. Assisted reproductive techniques (ART), pregestational diabetes mellitus, and chronic lower obstructive pulmonary disorders (CLOPD) have been associated with VACTERL. We aimed to replicate these findings and were interested in additional maternal risk factors. Methods: A case–control study using self-administered questionnaires was performed including 142 VACTERL cases and 2,135 population-based healthy controls. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate confounder adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI). Results: Parents who used invasive ART had an increased risk of VACTERL in offspring (aOR 4.4 [95%CI 2.1–8.8]), whereas the increased risk for mothers with CLOPD could not be replicated. None of the case mothers had pregestational diabetes mellitus. Primiparity (1.5 [1.1–2.1]) and maternal pregestational overweight and obesity (1.8 [1.2–2.8] and 1.8 [1.0–3.4]) were associated with VACTERL. Consistent folic acid supplement use during the advised periconceptional period may reduce the risk of VACTERL (0.5 [0.3–1.0]). Maternal smoking resulted in an almost twofold increased risk of VACTERL. Conclusion: We identified invasive ART, primiparity, pregestational overweight and obesity, lack of folic acid supplement use, and smoking as risk factors for VACTERL.
The association of maternal hypertensive disorders with neonatal congenital heart disease: analysis of a United States cohort; Objective: To examine the association of any type of maternal hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and neonatal congenital heart diseases (CHD). Study design: We compared the prevalence of CHD between neonates born to mothers with HDP to those delivered to mothers without HDP among 24,525,889 hospital records of living infants, from a national database. We controlled for multiple confounding factors by using multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: Infants delivered to mothers with HDP had higher prevalence of CHD compared to infants born to mothers without HDP [5.20% vs. 1.47%; aOR: 2.51(2.38–2.64), p < 0.001]. Maternal diabetes was more frequent among infants born to mothers with HDP and was independently associated with CHD [aOR 5.14 (5.04–5.23), p < 0.001]. Conclusion: Infants born to mothers with hypertension had almost a threefold increase in CHD compared with those born to mothers without hypertension. Further studies are needed to investigate the underlying mechanism and direction of this association.
Influence of maternal metabolism on fetal development; Background: Human development is already influenced by external factors in utero. During this vulnerable period, developmental origins of health and disease emerge, with maternal metabolism playing a central role. Scope of review: In this article, studies that examine the influence of maternal parameters related to metabolism on fetal development of the central and autonomous nervous system are summarized. Conclusion: Maternal factors during pregnancy (weight gain, insulin sensitivity, gestational diabetes) and before pregnancy (body mass index, preconceptional diabetes) can influence a number of fetal factors, like postprandial brain activity in response to stimulation, spontaneous brain activity, fetal heart rate, and fetal postprandial heart rate variability.
Obstetrical Complications and Long-Term Cardiovascular Outcomes; Purpose of Review: Obstetrical complications including indicated preterm birth (PTB), hypertension (HTN), IUGR, and GDM are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease. To identify patients at risk, the American Heart Association recommends obtaining a detailed obstetric history. Our objective was to determine if non-OB-GYN physicians-in-training obtain an obstetric history when assessing a risk profile for cardiovascular disease and to identify differences based on level of training. In 2019, an anonymous survey was distributed to trainees in internal medicine, cardiology, endocrinology, nephrology, and neurology. Subjects were queried about frequency of asking a history of PTB, IUGR, GDM, and HTN in pregnancy. Survey options were always/frequently/sometimes/rarely/never and were categorized into two groups: “ask” (always/frequently/sometimes) vs. “do not ask” (rarely/never). Comparisons between specialties and levels of training were made using chi-square and Fisher’s exact test. Comparisons within subjects were made using McNemar’s test. Recent Findings: The response rate was 64% (210 total possible participants), including 98 internal medicine residents and 37 fellows in cardiology (21), endocrinology (3), nephrology (8), and neurology (5). Asking about medical complications (HTN + GDM) was significantly more common than asking about OB complications (PTB + IUGR) (p < 0.001). Internal medicine residents were less likely than subspecialty fellows to ask about HTN (31% vs. 70%; p < 0.001). There were no differences in likelihood of eliciting OB history based on PGY level. Summary: An OB history can identify risk factors for cardiovascular morbidity. Our data demonstrates that physicians caring for women lack awareness on the association between complications in pregnancy and cardiovascular health.
Do Women with Diabetes Need More Intensive Action for Cardiovascular Reduction than Men with Diabetes?; Purpose of Review: This narrative review makes the case for greater efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women with diabetes. Recent Findings: In a recent meta-analysis including five CVOTs of diabetes medications with 46,606 subjects, women (vs men) with type 2 diabetes had a higher relative risk for stroke (RR 1.28; 95% CI 1.09, 1.50) and heart failure (1.30; 1.21, 1.40). Prior studies found higher “within-gender” RR for CVD mortality in women with diabetes although men have an absolute higher risk. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 2-fold higher CVD risk than the background population. Worse CVD and CVD risk factor management in women, as well as lower female therapy adherence, contribute further to these disparities. Summary: The mechanism behind this excess risk includes biological, hormonal, socioeconomic, clinical, and behavioral factors that still require further investigation. The need for more intensive CVD reduction in women now includes more attention to screening for both incident diabetes and CVD risk factors among high-risk women.
Mast Cell Biology and Linkages for Non-clonal Mast Cell Activation and Autoimmune/Inflammatory Syndrome Induced by Adjuvants; Non-clonal mast cell activation disorder (syndrome) (NC-MCAD) and autoimmune/inflammatory syndrome induced by adjuvants (ASIA) are complex syndromic and spectral clinical entities which have contemporaneously garnered considerable attention and rightfully so. NC-MCAD presents with a predominantly allergic profile, and causative clinical variables may or may not be identified. Manifest NC-MCAD illnesses can be complex and involve several organ systems. Such diversity may be in part explained by the ubiquity and plasticity of the mast cell. ASIA, due to its broad definition, continues to expand as a clinical entity, especially with the greater recognition of what might constitute adjuvancy. Such diversity has the potential to overly stretch the boundaries for scientific investigation. For both NC-MCAD and ASIA, the inciting molecular mechanisms require elucidation. Future research would benefit from greater precision for clinical diagnosis and risk factor identification, and the latter would be potentially facilitated by the discovery of reliable laboratory markers. Some patients with ASIA may present with clinical features that may be identified as NC-MCAD. This review examines the potential spectral nexus of NC-MCAD and ASIA and considers the role of the mast cell in such a possible interface.
Associations of greenness with gestational diabetes mellitus: The Guangdong Registry of Congenital Heart Disease (GRCHD) study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse short- and long-term health outcomes among mothers and their offspring. GDM affects 0.6%–15% of pregnancies worldwide and its incidence is increasing. However, intervention strategies are lacking for GDM. Previous studies indicated a protective association between greenspace and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), while few studies have explored the association between greenness and GDM. This study aimed to investigate the association between residential greenness and GDM among women from 40 clinical centers in Guangdong province, south China. The study population comprised 5237 pregnant mothers of fetuses and infants without birth defects, from 2004 to 2016. There were n = 157 diagnosed with GDM according to World Health Organization criteria. We estimated residential greenness using the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), derived from satellite imagery using a spatial-statistical model. Associations between greenness during pregnancy and GDM were assessed by confounder-adjusted random effects log-binomial regression models, with participating centers as the random effect. One interquartile increments of NDVI250m, NDVI500m and NDVI1000m were associated with 13% (RR = 0.87, 95%CI: 0.87–0.87), 8% (RR = 0.92, 95%CI: 0.91–0.92) and 3% (RR = 0.97, 95%CI: 0.97–0.97) lower risks for GDM, respectively. However, NDVI3000m was not significantly associated with GDM (RR = 0.96, 95%CI: 0.78–1.19). The risk for GDM decreased monotonically with greater NDVI. The protective effect of greenness on GDM was stronger among women with lower socioeconomic status and in environments with a lower level air pollutants. Our results suggest that greenness might provide an effective intervention to decrease GDM. Greenness and residential proximity to greenspace should be considered in community planning to improve maternal health outcomes.
Does abnormal ductus venosus pulsatility index at the first-trimester effect on adverse pregnancy outcomes?; Aim: The ductus venosus pulsatility index for veins (DV PIV) has become a popular marker of the first-trimester scan. The aim of this study is to search for any difference between groups with normal and abnormal DV PIV values in terms of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated 556 women whose first-trimester scan was performed. The ductus venosus pulsatility indices were examined at singleton pregnancies between 11 and 14 weeks of gestation. Patients were categorized as Group-I with normal DV PIV (DV PIV ≥ 0.73, ≤1.22) and as Group-II with abnormal DV PIV. Group-II was subgrouped as Group-IIA which composed of patients with DV PIV < 0.73 and as Group-IIB with DV PIV > 1.22. Results: There were 451 subjects in Group-I and 105 subjects in Group-II (Group-IIA = 32 and Group-IIB = 73). The comparisons between major groups revealed a statistically significant increase about miscarriage (p = 0.002), stillbirth (p < 0.001), small for gestational age (p = 0.033), low birth weight (p < 0.001), fetal growth restriction (p = 0.048), and major congenital heart defect (p=<0.001) in Group-II. This difference is mainly due to Group-IIB. There is no difference in preterm delivery, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes between Group I and II. Conclusion: Routinely monitoring DIV PIV as a first-trimester screening should provide valuable information regarding adverse pregnancy outcomes such as miscarriage, stillbirth, small for gestational age, low birth weight, fetal growth restriction and major congenital heart defect.
Uncovering epigenetic landscape: a new path for biomarkers identification and drug development; Scientific advances in recent decades have revealed an incredible degree of plasticity in gene expression in response to various environmental, nutritional, physiological, pathological, and behavioral conditions. Epigenetics emerges in this sense, as the link between the internal (genetic) and external (environmental) factors underlying the expression of the phenotype. Methylation of DNA and histone post-translationa modifications are canonical epigenetic events. Additionally, noncoding RNAs molecules (microRNAs and lncRNAs) have also been proposed as another layer of epigenetic regulation. Together, these events are responsible for regulating gene expression throughout life, controlling cellular fate in both normal and pathological development. Despite being a relatively recent science, epigenetics has been arousing the interest of researchers from different segments of the life sciences and the general public. This review highlights the recent advances in the characterization of the epigenetic events and points promising use of these brands for the diagnosis, prognosis, and therapy of diseases. We also present several classes of epigenetic modifying compounds with therapeutic applications (so-call epidrugs) and their current status in clinical trials and approved by the FDA. In summary, hopefully, we provide the reader with theoretical bases for a better understanding of the epigenetic mechanisms and of the promising application of these marks and events in the medical clinic.
Clinical Features of CVT in Women and Effect on Subsequent Pregnancy: A Follow-Up Study in a Chinese National Comprehensive Hospital; Background and objective: Cerebral venous thrombosis (CVT) is not rare in women of childbearing age. Chinese couples have been encouraged to have two children by the new family-planning policy. Concerns have been raised about the effect of CVT on subsequent pregnancies, but few studies have focused on the Chinese population. We aimed to analyze the clinical features of Chinese female CVT patients of childbearing age and study the outcome of their subsequent pregnancies after CVT. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical data of female patients at fertile age (15–45 years) diagnosed with CVT in our hospital between January 2009 and January 2019. Information on recurrence of venous thrombotic events as well as obstetrical outcomes of subsequent pregnancies was obtained and evaluated during follow-up. Results: A total of 72 patients were enrolled, mean age at CVT onset was 29.4 ± 7.9 years. The main risk factors included autoimmune system disease (27.8%), pregnancy or puerperium (12.5%), and inherited thrombophilia (11.1%). Furthermore, 58 patients were followed up for a mean time of 63.1 ± 31.4 months and 17 new pregnancies occurred in 13 women. Among the 17 pregnancies, one CVT (5.9%) recurred in a patient with antiphospholipid syndrome. Overall, 10 (58.8%) pregnancies resulted in the birth of healthy children, including 8 full-term and 2 preterm births; 7 were terminated, including 3 (17.6%) spontaneous abortions. All patients with spontaneous abortions had antiphospholipid syndrome or Behcet's disease. Conclusions: Autoimmune system disease was the most common risk factor in Chinese female CVT patients. Recurrent pregnancy-associated CVT was infrequent in women with prior CVT, but attention should be paid during subsequent pregnancies.
Effects of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) on Pregnancy/Neonatal Outcomes and Maternal Glycemic Control: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Randomized Clinical Trials; Background & objective: No systematic review to date has appraised the impact of the Dietary Approaches to Stop Hypertension (DASH) eating plan on maternal glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) to ascertain whether the DASH diet in pregnant women ameliorates their glycemic control and neonatal outcomes when compared to standard diets. Methods: We performed a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs on PubMed/MEDLINE, Web of Science, SCOPUS, and Embase from the inception until October 2019. Results: Six studies met the eligibility criteria and were included in the quantitative meta-analysis. The pregnant women had cardiometabolic disorders such as gestational diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. The meta-analysis suggested a significant effect of DASH diet on fasting plasma levels of glucose (WMD = -6.239 mg/dl; 95% CI: -11.915, -0.563, p = 0.031), but not for the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (WMD = -1.038; 95% CI: -2.704, 0.627, p = 0.22). Following the DASH diet during pregnancy decreased the risk of gestational preeclampsia (RR = 0.667; 95% CI: 0.451, 0.987, p = 0.043), macrosomia (birth weight >4000 g) (RR = 0.294; 95% CI: 0.120, 0.721, p = 0.043), and large for gestational age (RR = 0.452; 95% CI: 0.211, 0.969, p = 0.041). Consuming DASH diet during pregnancy neither increased nor decreased the risk of cesarean section, polyhydramnios, preterm birth (<37 weeks), and small for gestational age. The mean newborn head circumference (cm) (WMD = -0.807; 95% CI: -1.283, -0.331, p = 0.001) and ponderal index (kg/m3) (RR = -0.396; 95% CI: -0.441, -0.350, p = 0.000) in the group receiving the DASH diet were lower than in the control group. Conclusion: The adherence of pregnant women with cardiometabolic disorders to DASH eating pattern has a significant effect on decreasing fasting plasma glucose levels, ponderal index, incidence of preeclampsia, fetal macrosomia, large for gestational age, and newborn head circumference.
Using Electronic Health Record and Administrative Data to Analyze Maternal and Neonatal Delivery Complications; Background: Obstetric quality of care measures have largely focused on severe maternal morbidity (SMM), with little consensus about measures of less severe but more prevalent delivery and neonatal complications. This study analyzes risk-adjusted maternal and neonatal outcomes using both ICD-10 coding and electronic health record (EHR) data. Methods: Complication rates at seven health system hospitals from January 2016 to August 2019 were analyzed. EHR data and ICD-10 codes were used to identify the incidence of SMM as well as other route-specific maternal and neonatal complications. Researchers tested the association of maternal sociodemographic and clinical risk markers with the likelihood of maternal and neonatal complications using multiple logistic and Poisson regression. Results: Among 42,681 deliveries, the SMM rate was 1.3%, and other complication rates were 12.9% for vaginal and 19.7% for cesarean deliveries. The neonatal complication rate was 20.2%. Risk factors for all complications included multiple gestation and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Risk factors for SMM included nulliparity, cesarean delivery, and preexisting conditions; risks for neonatal complications included academic medical center admission, cesarean delivery, higher maternal body mass index, and preterm birth. There were significant racial disparities in maternal and neonatal outcomes. Conclusion: This study is among the first to combine EHR and administrative discharge data to describe a wide range of maternal and neonatal birth outcomes, including associations with established risk factors. Although SMM was rare, route-specific and neonatal complications were much more common and may offer a better focus for obstetric quality improvement efforts.
Abnormal placental pathological findings and adverse clinical outcomes of oocyte donation; We sought to assess chronic inflammatory responses in patients who achieved pregnancy by oocyte donation and non-oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology and delivered at The Ottawa Hospital. Data describing maternal health, obstetrical outcomes, neonatal outcomes, and placental pathology were collected and analyzed from electronic medical records. An increased frequency of adverse obstetrical outcomes was observed. In the oocyte donation-assisted reproductive technology group, placental pathology data demonstrated increased frequency of fetal vascular malperfusion (p = 0.02) and placenta accreta (p < 0.001), representing a chronic inflammatory response. Placental pathology reflecting dysregulated immune processes and vasculopathy is associated with oocyte donation.
Outcomes of pregnancies in patients with Gaucher Disease: The experience of a center of excellence on rare metabolic Disease-Gaucher Disease, in Greece; Objective: Pregnancy is reported to exacerbate manifestations in women with Gaucher Disease (GD). The objective of our study was to examine the outcome of pregnancies of Caucasian women with GD in a Greek Center of Excellence on GD. Study design: Fifteen GD women were enrolled. All data were collected by questionnaire: fertility, normal pregnancies, spontaneous-elective-therapeutic abortions, maternal -neonatal status, birth weight and chromosomal abnormalities. Results: Forty-one pregnancies were reported among 15 women: mean conception age (±SD) 27.7 ± 5.8years (range 17–42years). Thirty-seven conceptions were spontaneous, 4 were after in vitro fertilization (IVF). Twenty three out of the 41 (56.1 %) pregnancies were normal. Eleven out of the 41 (26.8 %) pregnancies resulted in spontaneous abortions, 3 out of 41 (7.3 %) in elective and 3 out of 41 (7.3 %) in therapeutic abortions. Therapeutic abortions were due to worsening of GD manifestations, fetal chromosomal abnormalities and GD type 2 embryo. Nine out of 15 women had maternal complications: gestational diabetes, splenomegaly, hepatomegaly, thrombocytopenia, osteoporosis and postpartum hemorrhage. Twenty three out of the 41 pregnancies resulted in live births. Nine out of the 23 (39.1 %) deliveries were caesarian sections and 14 out of 23 (60.9 %) were vaginal. The total number of neonates was 24 (14 females / 10 males). Mean gestational age on delivery (± SD) was 35.9 ± 3.1 weeks (range 26−38 w). Average female birth weight (±SD) was 2671.4 ± 851.6 g (range 900−4100 grams) and male was 3333 ± 996.4 g (range 1930−4700 grams). Nine out of 24 (37.5 %) neonates had low birth weight. Average low birth weight (±SD) was 1931.1 ± 420.52 g (range 900−2300 grams). Twenty out of the 24 (83.3 %) neonates were healthy. Four out of 24 neonates had neonatal complications: two neonates had GD type 1, one had GD type 3 and one neonate died two days after delivery (it was born at 26 weeks). Four neonates were hospitalized in incubators at the intensive neonatal care unit due to low birth weight. Thirty-nine women did not receive enzyme replacement therapy for GD during pregnancy, while, in two pregnancies, treatment was discontinued during the first trimester and re-administered after that. Mean first menarche age (±SD) was 13.6 ± 0.7 years. Thirteen out of 15 women were menopausal, mean menopausal age (± SD) 466 ± 2.6 years. Conclusion: Most of GD women experience uncomplicated pregnancies and deliver normal, healthy infants, although the rate of complications and the rate of abortions is high in this population.
Fetal echocardiography at term in diabetic pregnancies helps predict the adverse neonatal outcome - Results of a prospective observational study from South India; There is sparse Indian data on whether fetal echocardiography among pregnant diabetics would be useful to predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Objectives: To study fetal cardiac changes in diabetic mothers and non-diabetic controls from 24 weeks gestation until the neonatal period; correlate them with maternal glycemic control; study their implications on adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Methodology: Prospective observational cohort study. Pregnant diabetics (17 overt, 66 gestational) recruited beyond 24 weeks, divided as well (39) and poorly (44) controlled, based on American Diabetes Association 2016 criteria. Controls were 102 healthy non-diabetic pregnancies. Fetal echocardiography performed at weeks 24–32, 32–36, >37, and between 4 and 7 days on neonates. The thickness of Interventricular septum (IVS), Right Ventricle (RV), and Left ventricle (LV) assessed with M mode. E/A ratio across Tricuspid/Mitral valves and Tei index determined. TDI(Tissue Doppler imaging) used to assess tissue annular velocities across IVS, RV, and LV. Maternal glycemic control and various perinatal/neonatal adverse outcomes were recorded. Results: Significant myocardial hypertrophy seen among fetuses of diabetic mothers versus controls, most severe at term among the poorly controlled diabetics. Structural changes persisted in the neonate. At term, fetal myocardial dysfunction was evident among diabetic pregnancies only as poor annular systolic velocity across IVS, RV using TDI. However, Tissue Doppler changes could not predict adverse perinatal/neonatal outcome. Myocardial dysfunction could not be demonstrated in the neonates. Myocardial hypertrophy at term was a surrogate marker for suboptimal glycemic control, and it could predict important neonatal morbidities like hypoglycaemia, hyperbilirubinemia, prolonged NICU stays, and persistent foetal cardiac shunts. Conclusion: Our study shows a significant association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and maternal glycemic control among GDM pregnancies. There also seems to be an association between fetal myocardial hypertrophy and some of the adverse perinatal events including hypoglycemia. However these newborns were not found to have clinically relevant cardiac comorbidities even though there was significant septal hypertrophy in utero.
An Unusual Cause of Neonatal Heart Failure; Hypertension is an important and under-recognized cause of acquired cardiomyopathy in newborns. Half the etiologies of neonatal hypertension are undetermined. We present a rare case of severe neonatal hypertension with ventricular dysfunction secondary to substance exposure during pregnancy. This case report emphasizes the importance of a well-focused prenatal history on maternal medications and substance use.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Executive summary of the expert panel statement of women in cardiology of the hellenic cardiological society; The perception that women represent a low-risk population for cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) needs to be reconsidered. Starting from risk factors, women are more likely to be susceptible to unhealthy behaviors and risk factors that have different impact on CV morbidity and mortality as compared to men. Despite the large body of evidence as regards the effect of lifestyle factors on the CVD onset, the gender-specific effect of traditional and non-traditional risk factors on the prognosis of patients with already established CVD has not been well investigated and understood. Furthermore, CVD in women is often misdiagnosed, underestimated, and undertreated. Women also experience hormonal changes from adolescence till elder life that affect CV physiology. Unfortunately, in most of the clinical trials women are underrepresented, leading to the limited knowledge of CV and systemic impact effects of several treatment modalities on women's health. Thus, in this consensus, a group of female cardiologists from the Hellenic Society of Cardiology presents the special features of CVD in women: the different needs in primary and secondary prevention, as well as therapeutic strategies that may be implemented in daily clinical practice to eliminate underestimation and undertreatment of CVD in the female population.
Interactions between race/ethnicity, poverty status, and pregnancy cardio-metabolic diseases in prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic health; Background: Prenatal health disparities exist for African Americans and low socioeconomic status (SES) individuals when compared to non-Hispanic Whites and people of higher SES, particularly in cardio-metabolic diseases. Furthermore, having had a pregnancy-specific cardio-metabolic disease, e.g. preeclampsia, increases risk for future cardio-metabolic disease. Although these factors (race, SES and pregnancy cardio-metabolic disease) are interrelated, studies have rarely considered their combined effect on postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. The purpose of this study was to assess whether SES, race/ethnicity, and prenatal cardio-metabolic disease interact in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. Methods: A sample of 1,753 low-income women of African American, Latina, non-Hispanic White race/ethnicity was recruited after a birth in 5 US sites. Household income was used to categorize poverty status as Poor (< Federal Poverty Level; FPL), near poor (100-200% FPL), or low/middle income (> 200% FPL). Three prenatal cardio-metabolic disease diagnoses (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) were identified from medical records. Four biomarkers (mean arterial pressure, glycosylated haemoglobin, total cholesterol:HDL ratio, and waist-hip ratio) were collected at 6 and 12 months postpartum, and combined into an average postpartum cardio-metabolic risk index. Maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, parity, health behaviors and employment status were covariates. Results: Analyses revealed interactions of race/ethnicity, poverty status, and prenatal cardio-metabolic diseases in the prediction of postpartum cardio-metabolic risk. African American women had higher postpartum cardio-metabolic risk, which was exacerbated following a prenatal cardio-metabolic disease. Low/middle income African American women had higher cardio-metabolic risk compared to poor African American, and all Latina and White women. Conclusions: African American women, and especially those who experienced pregnancy complications, emerged as vulnerable, and greater household income did not appear to confer protection against worse postpartum cardio-metabolic risk for this group. These results highlight the complex interplay between socioeconomic status and race/ethnicity with respect to understanding health disparities.
Cycling reduces blood glucose excursions after an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women: a randomized crossover trial; The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of an acute bout of cycling immediately after oral glucose intake on glucose metabolism in pregnant women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Fifteen pregnant women with BMI ≥ 27 kg/m2 were enrolled in a randomized crossover controlled study and underwent two oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) ingesting 75 g of glucose followed by either 20 min of stationary cycling at moderate intensity (65%-75% maximal heart rate) or rest. Using continuous glucose monitors, glucose was measured up to 48 h after the OGTT. Glucose, insulin, and C-peptide were determined at baseline and after 1 and 2 h. One hour after glucose intake, mean blood glucose was significantly lower after cycling compared with rest (p = 0.002). Similarly, mean glucose peak level was significantly lower after cycling compared with after rest (p = 0.039). Lower levels of insulin and C-peptide were observed after 1 h (p < 0.01). Differences in glucose measurements after 2 h and up to 48 h were not statistically different. We found that 20 min of cycling at moderate intensity after glucose intake reduced blood glucose excursions in pregnant women at risk for GDM. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03644238. Novelty Bullets In pregnant women, we found that cycling after glucose intake resulted in significantly lower glucose levels compared with rest. The exercise intervention studied is feasible for pregnant women and could be readily used to reduce glucose excursions.
Role of metformin in various pathologies: State-of-the-art microcapsules for improving its pharmacokinetics; Metformin was originally derived from a botanical ancestry and became the most prescribed, first-line therapy for Type 2 diabetes in most countries. In the last century, metformin was discovered twice for its antiglycemic properties in addition to its antimalarial and anti-influenza effects. Metformin exhibits flip-flop pharmacokinetics with limited oral bioavailability. This review outlines metformin pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamics and recent advances in polymeric particulate delivery systems as a potential tool to target metformin delivery to specific tissues/organs. This interesting biguanide is being rediscovered this century for multiple clinical indications as anticancer, anti-aging, anti-inflammatory, anti-Alzheimer's and much more. Microparticulate delivery systems of metformin may improve its oral bioavailability and optimize the therapeutic goals expected.
The Role of Lifestyle Intervention in the Prevention and Treatment of Gestational Diabetes; Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of adverse outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is highly associated with obesity and independently increases the risk of both complications during pregnancy and future impaired glycemic control and risk factors for cardiovascular disease for both the mother and child. Despite extensive research evaluating the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions incorporating diet and/or exercise, there remains a lack of definitive consensus on their overall efficacy alone or in combination for both the prevention and treatment of GDM. Combination of diet and physical activity/exercise interventions for GDM prevention demonstrates limited success, whereas exercise-only interventions report of risk reductions ranging from 3 to 49%. Similarly, combination therapy of diet and exercise is the first-line treatment of GDM, with positive effects on maternal weight gain and the prevalence of infants born large-for-gestational age. Yet, there is inconclusive evidence on the effects of diet or exercise as standalone therapies for GDM treatment. In clinical care, women with GDM should be treated with a multidisciplinary approach, starting with lifestyle modification and escalating to pharmacotherapy if needed. Several key knowledge gaps remain, including how lifestyle interventions can be optimized during pregnancy, and whether intervention during preconception is effective for preventing the rising prevalence of GDM.
Prevalence of adverse cardiovascular events in pediatric cardiomyopathies: An analysis of 110 patients followed at a long-standing tertiary care paediatric centre; Introduction: Pediatric cardiomyopathies (CMP) are disorders of the morphology and function of the heart, with a greater heterogeneity concerning etiology and clinical presentation than adult CMP. The assessment of etiology and genetic status is of paramount importance for prognosis, family screening, and therapeutic choices. Purpose: To report clinical presentation, etiology, and outcome of a cohort of children diagnosed with CMP followed at tertiary care pediatric referral centre. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed clinical, laboratory and imaging data of all patients referred to our cardiomyopathy centre from May 2008 to May 2019 for pediatric CMP (<18 years). CMP due to arrhythmic disorders, toxic agents' exposure, rheumatic conditions and maternal disease (i.e. maternal diabetes) were excluded. Primary endpoint was a composite of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE: cardiovascular death, heart failure [HF] hospitalization, arrhythmic events, need for surgery or heart transplant referral). Results: We enrolled 110 patients (65 males, age at diagnosis 67±71 months). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM, N=48, 44%) was most frequent, followed by dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM, N=35 32%) and left ventricular non-compaction phenotype (LVNC, N=12, 11%). Mixed phenotype (N=7, 6%) and restrictive cardiomyopathy (RCM, N=3, 3%) were less common. No cases of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC) were detected. Five genotype-positive patients presented with negative clinical phenotype. A diagnosis was confirmed in all patients; the most common was sarcomere disease (30%, N=33) followed by metabolic (28%,N=31) disease, genetic syndromes (11%, N=12), neuromuscular (7,3%, N=8) diseases, and post-myocarditis cases (4,5%,N=5). Twentyone patients (19%) were identified as idiopathic. At referral, 4,5% of children presented with NYHA class III/IV. At 35 [14-72] months, 4 (3.7%) patients required ICD implantation, 8 (7.4%) underwent cardiac surgery, and 1 (1%) underwent heart transplant. Furthermore, 28 (26%) patients required hospitalization due to acute HF, with DCM patients being at higher risk (p<0.01), 7 (6.8%) experienced arrhythmic events and 4 (3.9%) had syncope. Overall, 13 (12%) died (7 with metabolic disorders, 3 with genetic syndromes, 1 with a sarcomeric mutation, 1 post myocarditis, and 1 idiopathic). Conclusions: In our cohort, HCM was the most common cause of pediatric CMP followed by DCM and non-compaction. MACE were present in 41% of patients. While HCM had a less severe phenotype (characterized by a higher arrhythmic burden), DCM was characterized by a higher prevalence of HF hospitalizations. DCM, inborn errors in metabolism and genetic syndromes had the worst outcome in terms mortality and heart failure long term. Widespread availability of genetic testing provides several benefits to the clinician, confirming diagnosis in ambiguous cases and defining etiology in order to guide management and identifying relatives at risk.
The impact of maternal diabetes on fetal left atrial size and function; Introduction: The developmental impact of maternal diabetes on the fetal left atrium (LA) is unclear. Purpose: To determine if maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) impacts fetal LA size and function (fetal LA strain (LAS)). Methods: We evaluated LA area (LAA) and LAS on fetuses of diabetic and control mothers who attended a mandated 24 week fetal morphology scan. Participants were excluded from the study if: there was a history of pre-eclampsia or if the fetus did not have adequate images for LAS analysis We used fetal cardiac 4-chamber view for analysis. A region of interest was drawn along the LA endocardial border for tracking and was used for assessment of maximum LAA. Baseline variables were compared using Student t test or Mann-Whitney U test and are presented as Mean ± Standard Deviation or Median (Interquartile range (IQR)). Body mass index (BMI), maternal age, gestational age, fetal heart rate (FHR), smoking status, estimated fetal weight (EFW) and Maternal DM were analysed in univariate and multivariate models with respect to LAA and LAS. Results: 160 pregnant women (50 controls, 110 diabetics) were scanned. 9 were excluded due to poor image quality, resulting in 104 mothers with diabetes (T1DM 9, T2DM 8, and gestational DM 87) and 47 controls without diabetes. The mothers were well matched for age, blood pressure, smoking prevalence and gestational age. The diabetic mothers had a significantly higher BMI: Median (IQR) ((30.4 kg/m2 (25.1-34.8) vs 20.8 kg/m2 (21.4-27.4), p<0.001) and had higher weight (77 kg (65-93) vs 64 kg (62-68), p<0.001). FHR was higher in fetuses of diabetic mothers (147±10 vs 144±8, p 0.04). Maternal DM resulted in larger LAA 1.68 cm2±0.39 cm2 vs 1.56 cm2±0.36 cm2; p=0. 08, however the result was not significant. The LAS was significantly lower in fetuses with maternal DM compared to fetuses of controls: 28.8% ± 8.8% vs 32.3% ± 9.2%; p 0.033. On multivariate analysis (Table 1), the predictors of LAS were Maternal DM and FHR and predictors of LAA were EFW and Maternal DM. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes modulates both LA size and LA function. The association between LA function and FHR may provide an explanation for fetal tachycardia in Maternal DM.
Black Women Have Evidence of Cardiometabolic Risk and Damage to the Microvascular Glycocalyx 1 to 10 Years after Uncomplicated Pregnancy; Introduction: Endothelial glycocalyx (GCX) is a proteoglycan/glycoprotein rich surface layer that regulates vascular health and function and can be damaged in diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Given the excess risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO), chronic hypertension and CVD in Black compared to White women, we considered that microvasculature and glycocalyx may also differ between groups and contribute to adverse clinical outcomes.Objective: The first step was examining the microvasculature in women with no complications in the index pregnancy (from the medical record) and cardiometabolic risk markers.Methods: Sidestream dark-field imaging of the sublingual microcirculation and glycocalyx was used to compare density median diameter, perfusion (RBC filling %), and penetration of red cells into the glycocalyx of vessel segments of 20-25μm diameter (PBR), in women 1-10 years after the index pregnancy (mean 8 years after index pregnancy). The study included 67 Black women and 167 White women with no complications (preeclampsia, gestation hypertension, preterm delivery, intrauterine growth restriction or gestational diabetes) in the index pregnancy. Health and pregnancy history were obtained by questionnaire at the study visit.Results: Black women had a greater penetration of red blood cells into the glycocalyx of microvascular segments20-25μm (PBR:2.54±0.41 vs White women 2.40±0.43μm, p=0.02). Perfusion in Black women was reduced (70.5±4.2% vs 72±4.8% p=0.003) compared to white women. Associations remain after adjusting for age, BMI, and time to follow-up. Black women were significantly younger (25± 6 vs 30±5 yrs p<0.001) at index delivery and study visit (34±6 vs 38±6yrs p=0.001); they also had higher BMI both pre-pregnancy (28±7 vs 25±6, p=0.007) and at the study visit (32±7 vs 27±7, p<0.001) and higher fasting insulin(17±36 vs 7±9 p=0.002) at the visit compared to White women. Self-reported history of hypertension, diabetes and APO (outside the index pregnancy) was significantly more common among Black at follow-up.Conclusion: Compared to White women, Black women of reproductive age had evidence of more pronounced microvascular changes potentially related to cardiometabolic risk 1-10 years after an uncomplicated index pregnancy.
What Pre-pregnancy, Pregnancy, and Inter-pregnancy Cardiometabolic Factors Contribute to Increased Risk of Recurrent Preeclampsia?: A Longitudinal Analysis in the Boston Birth Cohort; Introduction: Women with recurrent preeclampsia represent a group at uniquely high risk for maternal and perinatal morbidity as well as future cardiovascular complications. The aim of this study is to examine the association of cardiometabolic risk factors with recurrent preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy.Methods: The Boston Birth Cohort is a racially/ethnically diverse birth cohort with over 8500 women. We identified 618 women with repeat pregnancies. Of those, 78 women had preeclampsia in the index pregnancy, and of those, 33 had recurrent preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy. We used log-binomial regression to examine the association between pre-pregnancy, pregnancy, and inter-pregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors (e.g., obesity, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, low birth weight, and gestational diabetes mellitus) and recurrent risk of preeclampsia.Results: Among the 78 women who had preeclampsia in their index pregnancy the recurrence rate of preeclampsia was 42.3%. Several maternal risk factors were associated with this recurrent risk. Compared to women with pre-(index) pregnancy normal weight, the risk of recurrent preeclampsia was 3 times higher for women with pre-(index) pregnancy overweight (RR 3.0 [95% CI: 1.4 to 6.6]) or obesity (RR 3.1 [95% CI: 1.5 to 6.7). Compared to women without new inter-pregnancy chronic hypertension, women with new inter-pregnancy chronic hypertension had a 2-fold higher risk of recurrent preeclampsia (RR 2.4 [95% CI: 1.5 to 3.9]).Conclusions: Pre-(index) pregnancy obesity and new inter-pregnancy chronic hypertension was highly associated with recurrent preeclampsia in the subsequent pregnancy. Clinical and public health programs focused on reducing preconception obesity and reducing risk of hypertension in both the pre-pregnancy and inter-pregnancy periods may help reduce recurrent preeclampsia, which, in turn may help prevent or reduce subsequent cardiovascular disease.
The Association between Pregestational Hypertension and Cardiovascular Events in Pregnant Females, a Population-based Study; Introduction: Pregestational hypertension is associated with poor fetal and maternal outcomes, however, the impact on maternal cardiovascular outcomes is not well defined. In this study, we aim to study the impact of pregestational hypertension on maternal cardiovascular outcomes.Methods: Pregnant women hospitalized from January 2016 to December 2017 were identified in the Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Pregnant females with pregestational hypertension were identified using AHRQ comorbidity measures. Outcomes of interest were mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), and stroke. Multivariate regression analysis adjusting for differences in baseline comorbidities was used for odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI).Results: Among 8,141,277 pregnant women, 224,295 (2.76%) had pregestational hypertension. Pregnant females with pregestational hypertension were significantly older (mean age of 31.52 +/- 6.03 vs. 28.65 +/- 5.84, p-value<0.001), and had a higher burden of comorbidities includingpregestational diabetes mellitus (10.4% vs. 1.1%, p-value<0.001), gestational diabetes (26.3% vs. 8.1%, p-value<0.001), obesity (27.6% vs. 7.7%, p-value<0.001), smoking (16.4% vs. 9.8%,p-value<0.001), hyperlipidemia (2.1% vs. 0.2%, p-value<0.001), and depression; 6.6% vs. 3.0%, p-value<0.001. Females with pregestational hypertension had more cesarean section; 46.6% vs. 29.2%, p-value<0.001, intra-uterine death; 1.3% vs. 0.4%, p-value<0.001, and spontaneous abortion; 0.6% vs. 0.3%, p-value<0.001. Pregetational hypertension had higher mortality rate (55.7 vs. 10.1 per 100,000 hospitalizations, p-value<0.001), MI rate (207.3 vs. 9.3 per 100,000 hospitalizations, p-value<0.001), and stroke rate (288.4 vs. 22.6 per 100,000 hospitalizations, p-value<0.001). Pregestational hypertension was associated with significantly worse outcomes including in-hospital mortality (aOR 3.01, 95% CI 2.48-3.67), MI (aOR 8.27, 95% CI 7.30-9.35), and stroke (aOR 9.31, 95% CI 8.47-10.24).Conclusions: Pregestational hypertension is associated with poor maternal cardiovascular outcomes in pregnancy. Further efforts should be directed to identifying high-risk females and better approaches to management are warranted.
Association between First and Second Trimester Maternal Screening Biochemistry, Ultrasound, and Fetal Brain Growth in Presence of Fetal or Maternal Congenital Heart Disease; Introduction: Newer research has highlighted significant neurological impairments in children and adults with congenital heart disease (CHD). The more severe the heart defect, the higher the neurologic impairment. Pregnancies complicated by fetal or maternal CHD carry a higher risk of placental abnormalities. We studied the association between pregnancy hormonal levels and fetal head and body growth.Hypothesis: Placental dysfunction in pregnancies with fetal or maternal CHD alters pregnancy hormonal levels affecting fetal brain and somatic growth.Methods: We performed a retrospective case-control study on pregnant women (year 2010-2019) at the University of Iowa. Only women with first and/or second trimester prenatal screening (ultrasound and blood test) were included. Pregnancies with fetal chromosomal abnormalities, multiple gestation, maternal diabetes, smoking, or hypertension were excluded. Pregnancies were either healthy controls (n=36), women with CHD (MCHD; n=26), or fetus with CHD (FCHD; n=23). Pregnancy hormonal levels, ultrasound findings, and fetal/neonatal growth percentiles and/or z-scores data were analyzed.Results: Women with CHD were younger (p=0.004) with increased fetal nuchal translucency (p=0.003) compared to controls. Women in MCHD (p=0.02) and FCHD (p=0.02) group delivered earlier than controls. FCHD had significantly lower pregnancy associated plasma protein-A (PAPP-A) levels than controls (p=0.04). The groups had no difference in the second trimester fetal head circumference (HC) and femur length. FCHD group had significantly smaller HC percentile (p=0.03) and z-scores (p=0.03) at birth than controls. Both FCHD and MCHD had smaller birth weight and length compared to controls. However, only FCHD group demonstrated significantly lower HC to birth weight ratio (p=0.01). The controls had a positive correlation between human chorionic gonadotropin level and head circumference z-score at birth (r=0.34;p=0.053).Conclusions: Pregnant women with CHD have increased fetal nuchal translucency and deliver at earlier gestational age. Women with fetal CHD have smaller neonatal head and body size at birth with associated low PAPP-A level early in their pregnancy probably related to placental dysfunction.
Pre-Pregnancy Body Mass Index and Risk of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy and Heart Failure in the Years Following Delivery; Introduction: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of systolic heart failure that occurs during pregnancy or in the early post-partum period. Obesity is known to be associated with other forms of heart failure in young adults, however it is unclear if it is also a risk factor for the development of PPCM.Objectives: To investigate the association of body mass index (BMI) with PPCM and heart failure in the years following childbirth.Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of pregnant women in the Danish National Patient Registry between 2004 - 2017. Baseline characteristics and other risk factors were obtained at the first prenatal visit (occurring at 8-11 weeks post-conception). Women were followed until the end of the study period, emigration, or death. Logistic regression was performed, adjusting for age as well as other known risk factors for PPCM. Cox proportional hazards analysis was used to assess the long-term risk of development of heart failure.Results: There were 403,820 pregnancies evaluated in 300,892 women, with an average age of 29 years. The average BMI was 24.4 kg/m2, with 21.6% classified as overweight (BMI 25 - 30 kg/m2) and 12.8% as obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2). The rate of PPCM was 0.1 per 1,000 in normal weight and overweight groups, and 0.3 per 1,000 in the obese women. After adjustment for age, ethnicity, smoking status, gestational diabetes, and presence of preeclampsia, there was a statistically significant increased risk of the development of PPCM up to 6 months after childbirth in patients who had class I (odds ratio [OR] 2.25, 95% CI 1.08-4.68) but not class II III obesity (OR 1.63, 95% CI 0.60-4.43). This elevated risk persisted during long term follow up, with hazard ratios of 2.43 (95% CI 1.55 - 3.80) in women with class I obesity and 3.20 (95% CI 1.93 - 5.30) in women with class II III obesity.Conclusions: High early pregnancy BMI is associated with elevated risk of development of peripartum cardiomyopathy even after adjustment for traditional risk factors. This risk of heart failure persists for several years after childbirth.
Engineering Bioactive Nanoparticles to Rejuvenate Vascular Progenitor Cells; Introduction: Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through stress-induced dysfunction of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). In particular, overexpression of transgelin (TAGLN), also known as SM22α, in GDM-ECFCs is associated with actin cytoskeletal rearrangement, which results in reduced cell migration and impaired vasculogenesis. We hypothesized that bioactive nanoparticles (NPs) conjugated on the surface of GDM-ECFCs can provide a sustained pseudo-autocrine stimulation to improve in vitro and in vivo vasculogenesis.Methods & Results: We designed multilamellar lipid NPs with an average size of 147±63 nm in diameter to deliver small molecules SB-431542 (TGF-β inhibitor) directly to the surface of GDM-ECFCs. Bioactive NPs can be robustly conjugated to the surface of ECFCs using thiol-maleimide coupling without altering cell viability and key progenitor phenotypes. By controlling the release kinetic of TGF-β inhibitor from the NPs, we can normalize TAGLN expression and improve cell migration, a critical key step in establishing functional vascular networks. Moreover, bioactive NPs can restore the vasculogenic potential of GDM-ECFCs in both 2D Matrigel and 3D collagen assays. Finally, when transplanted into immunodeficient mice, GDM-ECFCs conjugated with bioactive NPs exhibit robust de novo blood vessel formation with high engraftment rate, comparable to normal ECFCs.Conclusions: Collectively, these findings highlight a simple, yet promising strategy to rejuvenate GDM-ECFCs and improve their therapeutic potentials, which can be clinically-translated to address various cardiovascular complications, as well as toward a range of approaches in tissue repair and regenerative medicine.
Impact of Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes on Indication for Lipid Therapy in Women; Introduction: Lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) is higher in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes. APOs are risk-enhancing factors for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in contemporary cholesterol guidelines.Hypothesis: History of APOs impacts consideration for lipid therapy in a significant proportion of women with borderline to intermediate CVD risk .Methods: A single center retrospective chart review of new patients who presented to the University of Florida Women's Heart Health Clinic between July 2017 - July 2019 was performed. New female patients were routinely screened for pregnancy history with an obstetrics questionnaire, and cardiovascular history and lipid profiles were collected where available. Patients were stratified by age and calculated 10-yr risk of a cardiovascular event using the ACC/AHA Pooled Cohort Equation. APO history within age and risk categories in addition to pregnancy history documentation in electronic health records were then assessed.Results: Of the 182 new patients who presented to the University of Florida Women's Heart Health Clinic between July 2017 - July 2019, average age was 49 years old and 71.3% were Caucasian. 25% of the study population had history of APO, and of patients with history of APO, only 55% had documented lipid profiles, 46% had pregnancy history documented in the obstetrics section of the electronic health record, and 17% had pregnancy history documented in their past medical history section. For patients aged 40-75 y/o with borderline-intermediate 10-yr CV event risk, risk-enhancing factors influenced consideration of potential statin therapy, with 20% of patients in the intermediate risk group having history of APO.Conclusions: Pregnancy history impacts potential statin therapy in a significant percentage of women aged 40-75 y/o with borderline-intermediate 10-yr ASCVD risk. However, APOs are often under-recognized and poorly documented as non-traditional CVD risk factors in women. Efforts to improve recognition of APOs in clinical practice should be promoted to improve CVD risk reduction efforts, particularly in young women.
Risk stratification for venous thrombosis in post-partum women in a tertiary care setup in south India; Background & objectives: The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (RCOG) guidelines for thromboprophylaxis among post-partum women are recommended across Asia. This study was aimed to find the proportion of post-partum women eligible for thromboprophylaxis based on the RCOG guidelines and how many actually received it in a tertiary care health facility in south India. Methods: This cross-sectional study was carried out on 1652 consecutive women who delivered in the setup of tertiary care. Risk stratification for venous thrombosis was done as per the RCOG guidelines. The number of women who received thromboprophylaxis was also noted. Results: Among the 1652 women studied, three [0.18%; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.06-0.53] were in the high-risk, 598 (36.2%; 95% CI: 33.9-38.6) in the intermediate and 254 (15.4%; 95% CI: 13.7-17.2) in the low-risk category for thrombosis. All the three women in the high-risk and only two women in the intermediate-risk category actually received thromboprophylaxis with heparin. Interpretation & conclusions: It was seen that the number of women needing prophylaxis in our setup, as per the RCOG guidelines, was as high as 601 (36.4%), but only five (0.8%) received it.
Branched-chain amino acids, history of gestational diabetes, and breastfeeding: The Bogalusa Heart Study; Background and aims: To examine the associations between history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and breastfeeding with branched-chain amino acids (BCAA) and their metabolites in later life. Methods and results: 638 women (mean age 48.0 y) who had participated in the Bogalusa Heart Study and substudies of pregnancy history had untargeted, ultrahigh performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectroscopy conducted by Metabolon© on serum samples. Metabolites were identified that were BCAA or associated with BCAA metabolic pathways. History of GDM at any pregnancy (self-reported, confirmed with medical records when possible) as well as breastfeeding were examined as predictors of BCAA using linear models, controlling for age, race, BMI, waist circumference, and menopausal status. None of the BCAA differed statistically by history of either GDM or breastfeeding, although absolute levels of each of the BCAA were higher with GDM and lower with breastfeeding. Of the 27 metabolites on the leucine, isoleucine and valine metabolism subpathway, 1-carboxyethylleucine, 1-carboxyethyvaline, and 3-hydroxy-2-ethylpropionate were higher in women with a history of GDM, but lower in women in women with a history of breastfeeding. Similar results were found for alpha-hydroxyisocaproate, 1-carboxyethylisoleucine, and N-acetylleucine. Conclusions: GDM and breastfeeding are associated in opposite directions with several metabolites on the BCAA metabolic pathway.
Connecting Alzheimer’s Disease With Diabetes Mellitus Through Amyloidogenic Evolvability; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has been clearlylinked to oxidative stress and amylin amyloidosis in pancreatic β-cells. Yet despite extensive investigation, the biological significance of this is not fully understood. Recently, we proposed that Alzheimer’s disease (AD)-relevant amyloidogenic proteins (APs), such as amyloid-β (Aβ) and tau, might be involved in evolvability against diverse stressors in the brain. Given the analogous cellular stress environments shared by both T2DM and AD, the objective of this study is to explore T2DM pathogenesis from the viewpoint of amyloidogenic evolvability. Similar to AD-related APs, protofibrillar amylin might confer resistance against the multiple stressors in β-cells and be transmitted to offspring to deliver stress information, in the absence of which, type 1 DM (T1DM) in offspring might develop. On the contrary, T2DM may be manifested through an antagonistic pleiotropy mechanism during parental aging. Such evolvability-associated processes might be affected by parental diabetic conditions, including T1DM and T2DM. Furthermore, the T2DM-mediated increase in AD risk during aging might be attributed to an interaction of amylin with AD-related APs through evolvability, in which amylin protofibrillar formation presumably caused by adiponectin (APN) resistance could increase protofibril formation of AD-related APs in evolvability and subsequently lead to T2DM promotion of AD through antagonistic pleiotropy in aging. This suggests that targeting APN combined with an anti-T2DM agent might be therapeutic against neurodegeneration. Collectively, T1DM and T2DM might be linked through amylin evolvability, and a better understanding of amyloidogenic evolvability might also reveal clues to therapeutic interventions for AD comorbid with T2DM.
Association of maternal diabetes mellitus and UCP2 gene polymorphisms with congenital heart disease in offspring: A case-control study; Objective To study the association of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), uncoupling protein 2 (UCP2) gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Methods A hospital-based case-control study was conducted. A total of 464 mothers of children with CHD alone who were diagnosed in Hunan Children's Hospital from March 2018 to August 2019 were enrolled as the case group. A total of 504 mothers of healthy children who were hospitalized during the same period and did not have any deformity were enrolled as the control group. A questionnaire survey was performed to collect the information on exposure. Venous blood samples (5 mL) were collected from the mothers to detect UCP2 gene polymorphisms. A multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the association of maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction with CHD in offspring. Results After control for confounding factors, the multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that mothers with gestational DM (OR=2.96, 95%CI: 1.57-5.59), a history of gestational DM (OR=3.16, 95%CI: 1.59-6.28), and pregestational DM (OR=4.52, 95%CI: 2.41-8.50) significantly increased the risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 (T/C vs C/C: OR=1.49, 95%CI: 1.02-2.16; T/ T vs C/C: OR=2.77, 95%CI: 1.67-4.62) and rs660339 (A/A vs G/G: OR=2.19, 95%CI: 1.34-3.58) were significantly associated with risk of CHD in offspring (P<0.05). The interaction analysis showed an interaction between the polymorphisms of the UCP2 gene at rs659366 and rs660339 and maternal DM in the development of CHD (P<0.05). Conclusions Maternal DM, UCP2 gene polymorphisms, and their interaction are associated with the development of CHD in offspring.
Maternal and Neonatal Outcomes of Pregnant Women with Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) Pneumonia: A Case-Control Study; Background: The ongoing pandemic of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has caused serious concerns about its potential adverse effects on pregnancy. There are limited data on maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia. Methods: We conducted a case-control study to compare clinical characteristics and maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women with and without COVID-19 pneumonia. Results: During the period 24 January-29 February 2020, there were 16 pregnant women with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia and 18 suspected cases who were admitted to labor in the third trimester. Two had vaginal delivery and the rest were cesarean delivery. Few patients presented respiratory symptoms (fever and cough) on admission, but most had typical chest computed tomographic images of COVID-19 pneumonia. Compared to the controls, patients with COVID-19 pneumonia had lower counts of white blood cells (WBCs), neutrophils, C-reactive protein (CRP), and alanine aminotransferase on admission. Increased levels of WBCs, neutrophils, eosinophils, and CRP were found in postpartum blood tests of pneumonia patients. Three (18.8%) of the mothers with confirmed COVID-19 pneumonia and 3 (16.7%) with suspected COVID-19 pneumonia had preterm delivery due to maternal complications, which were significantly higher than in the control group. None experienced respiratory failure during their hospital stay. COVID-19 infection was not found in the newborns, and none developed severe neonatal complications. Conclusions: Severe maternal and neonatal complications were not observed in pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia who had vaginal or cesarean delivery. Mild respiratory symptoms of pregnant women with COVID-19 pneumonia highlight the need of effective screening on admission.
Early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors during pregnancy in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: This study aimed to analyze the incidence of early postpartum dyslipidemia and its potential predictors in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This was a retrospective study. Five hundred eighty-nine women diagnosed with GDM were enrolled and followed up at 6-12 weeks after delivery. A 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and lipid levels were performed during mid-trimester and the early postpartum period. Participants were divided into the normal lipid group and dyslipidemia group according to postpartum lipid levels. Demographic and metabolic parameters were analyzed. Multiple logistic regression was performed to analyze the potential predictors for early postpartum dyslipidemia. A receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) was calculated to determine the cut-off values. Results: A total of 38.5% of the 589 women developed dyslipidemia in early postpartum and 60% of them had normal glucose metabolism. Delivery age, systolic blood pressure (SBP), glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) were independent predictors of early postpartum dyslipidemia in women with a history of GDM. The cut-offs of maternal age, SBP, HbA1c values, and LDL-C levels were 35 years, 123 mmHg, 5.1%, and 3.56 mmol/L, respectively. LDL-C achieved a balanced mix of high sensitivity (63.9%) and specificity (69.2%), with the highest area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) (0.696). When LDL-C was combined with age, SBP, and HbA1c, the AUC reached to 0.733. Conclusions: A lipid metabolism evaluation should be recommended in women with a history of GDM after delivery, particularly those with a maternal age > 35 years, SBP > 123 mmHg before labor, HbA1c value > 5.1%, or LDL-C levels > 3.56 mmol/L in the second trimester of pregnancy.
Risk score for predicting primary cesarean delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a higher risk of cesarean delivery (CD) than glucose-tolerant women. The aim of this study was to develop and validate a risk score for predicting primary CD in women with GDM. Methods: A risk score for predicting primary CD was developed using significant clinical features of 385 women who had a diagnosis of GDM and delivered at our institution between January 2011 and December 2014. The score was then tested for validity in another cohort of 448 individuals with GDM who delivered between January 2015 and December 2018. Results: The risk score was developed using the features nulliparity, excess gestational weight gain, and insulin use. The scores that classified the pregnant women as low risk (0 points), intermediate risk (1-3 points), and high risk (≥ 4 points) were directly associated with the primary CD rates of the women in the development cohort: 14.7, 38.2 and 62.3%, respectively (P < 0.001). The model showed good calibration and acceptable discriminative power with a C statistic of 0.724 (95% confidence interval, 0.670-0.777). Similar results were observed in the validation cohort. Conclusion: A risk score using the features nulliparity, excess gestational weight gain, and insulin use can estimate the risk for primary CD in women with GDM.
Study of clinical profile of neonatal seizures in a nicu of rural central India; Seizures are common neonatal illness amongst neurological disorders. The study was conducted to determine the clinical profile of neonatal seizures. A hospital based prospective observational study was undertaken in the NICU of a rural set up in central India. A total of 82 neonates admitted with seizures or who developed seizures later during the stay in NICU were subject population of the study. Of 82 neonates with seizures, the overall mean for duration of stay was 14.34 (±10.41) days and the interquartile range was 1-32 days and male predominance. Majority of neonates included were extramural deliveries (62.19%). The distribution of neonates in the study according to their gestational age, birth weight, route of delivery & MSAF was found to be statistically insignificant (p Value >0.05). The vaginal route of delivery was more common than the caesarean section among neonates with seizures in the study. The overall mortality rate was 17.07% (14/82). In most of the cases, the causes of neonatal seizures were present. Birth asphyxia was the main etiology identified. The antenatal services and intrapartum monitoring is important.
Association between the reproductive health of young women and cardiovascular disease in later life: Umbrella review; Objective To consolidate evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses investigating the association between reproductive factors in women of reproductive age and their subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease. Design Umbrella review. Data sources Medline, Embase, and Cochrane databases for systematic reviews and meta-analyses from inception until 31 August 2019. Review methods Two independent reviewers undertook screening, data extraction, and quality appraisal. The population was women of reproductive age. Exposures were fertility related factors and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Outcome was cardiovascular diseases in women, including ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, peripheral arterial disease, and stroke. Results 32 reviews were included, evaluating multiple risk factors over an average follow-up period of 7-10 years. All except three reviews were of moderate quality. A narrative evidence synthesis with forest plots and tabular presentations was performed. Associations for composite cardiovascular disease were: twofold for pre-eclampsia, stillbirth, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for gestational hypertension, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, and premature ovarian insufficiency; and less than 1.5-fold for early menarche, polycystic ovary syndrome, ever parity, and early menopause. A longer length of breastfeeding was associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. The associations for ischaemic heart disease were twofold or greater for pre-eclampsia, recurrent pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives (oestrogen and progesterone), recurrent miscarriage, premature ovarian insufficiency, and early menopause; and less than 1.5-fold for miscarriage, polycystic ovary syndrome, and menopausal symptoms. For stroke outcomes, the associations were twofold or more for current use of any oral contraceptive (combined oral contraceptives or progesterone only pill), pre-eclampsia, and recurrent pre-eclampsia; 1.5-1.9-fold for current use of combined oral contraceptives, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth; and less than 1.5-fold for polycystic ovary syndrome. The association for heart failure was fourfold for pre-eclampsia. No association was found between cardiovascular disease outcomes and current use of progesterone only contraceptives, use of non-oral hormonal contraceptive agents, or fertility treatment. Conclusions From menarche to menopause, reproductive factors were associated with cardiovascular disease in women. In this review, presenting absolute numbers on the scale of the problem was not feasible; however, if these associations are causal, they could account for a large proportion of unexplained risk of cardiovascular disease in women, and the risk might be modifiable. Identifying reproductive risk factors at an early stage in the life of women might facilitate the initiation of strategies to modify potential risks. Policy makers should consider incorporating reproductive risk factors as part of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in clinical guidelines. Systematic review registration PROSPERO CRD42019120076.
Challenges and opportunities for the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular disease among young adults: Report from a national heart, lung, and blood institute working group; Improvements in cardiovascular disease (CVD) rates among young adults in the past 2 decades have been offset by increasing racial/ethnic and gender disparities, persistence of unhealthy lifestyle habits, overweight and obesity, and other CVD risk factors. To enhance the promotion of cardiovascular health among young adults 18 to 39 years old, the medical and broader public health community must understand the biological, interpersonal, and behavioral features of this life stage. Therefore, the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, with support from the Office of Behavioral and Social Science Research, convened a 2-day workshop in Bethesda, Maryland, in September 2017 to identify research challenges and opportunities related to the cardiovascular health of young adults. The current generation of young adults live in an environment undergoing substantial economic, social, and technological transformations, differentiating them from prior research cohorts of young adults. Although the accumulation of clinical and behavioral risk factors for CVD begins early in life, and research suggests early risk is an important determinant of future events, few trials have studied prevention and treatment of CVD in participants <40 years old. Building an evidence base for CVD prevention in this population will require the engagement of young adults, who are often disconnected from the healthcare system and may not prioritize long-term health. These changes demand a repositioning of existing evidence-based treatments to accommodate new sociotechnical contexts. In this article, the authors review the recent literature and current research opportunities to advance the cardiovascular health of today’s young adults.
Medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and obstetric labour complications in the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS) cohort: a birth cohort study; This study aimed to describe the distribution of pregnancies with medical and obstetric complications based on the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, pregnancy with medical and surgical complications, and obstetric labour complications in participants in the JECS. Of 100,818 pregnant women with medical record entries after delivery, 15,305 (15.2%) had medical and surgical complications in pregnancy and 46,756 (46.4%) experienced obstetric labour complications. The proportion of pregnancies with heart disease, kidney disease and hepatitis was 0.3%, 0.3% and 0.1%, respectively. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 2715 (2.7%) women. The proportion of women with mild and severe gestational hypertension was 2.3% and 1%, respectively. The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. These data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.IMPACT STATEMENTWhat is already known on this subject? Epidemiological studies have suggested that pre-existing diseases and complications of pregnancy, such as heart disease in pregnancy, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, may have implications for pregnancy outcomes, as well as for children’s health and development. What the results of this study add? We evaluated the distribution of the history of obstetric/gynaecological diseases, the history of obstetric labour complications, medical and surgical complications in pregnancy, and obstetric labour complications using data from the Japan Environment and Children’s Study (JECS). What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? The JECS is the largest birth cohort in Japan. Our data will provide useful, basic information for perinatal care in Japan.
The Role of Ceramides in Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease Regulation of Ceramides by Adipokines; Metabolic dysfunction is intertwined with the pathophysiology of both diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Recently, one particular lipid class has been shown to influence the development and sustainment of these diseases: ceramides. As a subtype of sphingolipids, these species are particularly central to many sphingolipid pathways. Increased levels of ceramides are known to correlate with impaired cardiovascular and metabolic health. Furthermore, the interaction between ceramides and adipokines, most notably adiponectin and leptin, appears to play a role in the pathophysiology of these conditions. Adiponectin appears to counteract the detrimental effects of elevated ceramides, largely through activation of the ceramidase activity of its receptors. Elevated ceramides appear to worsen leptin resistance, which is an important phenomenon in the pathophysiology of obesity and metabolic syndrome.
Factors associated with poor-to-moderate quality of life among pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: a cross-sectional study in Malaysia; Purpose: This study aimed to identify factors associated with poor-to-moderate quality of life (QOL) among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in two tertiary hospitals in Malaysia. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted among 526 pregnant women with GDM in two tertiary hospitals in Malaysia. Diabetes-related QOL was assessed using the Asian Diabetes Quality of Life Scale (AsianDQoL). Socio-demographic characteristics, glucose monitoring treatments for GDM, past obstetric history, concurrent medical problems and a family history of diseases were captured from patient records. A multiple logistic regression was used for analysis. Results: A total of 526 respondents with GDM entered the analysis. The median age of the respondents was 32 (interquartile range = 7) while 82.3% were Malay women. More than half of the respondents (69.5%) received an oral hypoglycaemic agent (OHA), and/or diet modification in controlling their GDM. The study reported that 23.2% of the respondents had poor-to-moderate QOL. Those with a family history of depression and/or anxiety (adjusted Odds ratio [AOR] 6.934, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.280–21.081), and a family history of GDM (AOR 1.814, 95% CI 1.185–2.778) were at higher odds of suffering from poor-to-moderate QOL compared to those without a family history. Similarly, those who received insulin, with or without OHA, and/or are on diet modification (AOR 1.955, 95% CI 1.243–3.074) were at higher odds of suffering from poor-to-moderate QOL compared to those receiving OHA and/or diet modification. Conclusion: Nearly one-quarter of Malaysian women with GDM have poor-to-moderate QOL. GDM women with a family history of depression and/or anxiety, family history of GDM, and those who received insulin, with or without OHA, and/or are on diet modification were associated with poor-to-moderate QOL. Trial registration: NMRR-17-2264-37814.
National trends in tranexamic acid use in the peripartum period, 2015–2019; Background: The purpose of this study was to measure trends in the use of tranexamic acid (TXA) during delivery in the United States and to evaluate demographic data and morbidity outcomes among these patients. Methods: This retrospective cohort study includes data from 19 hospitals in the Universal Health Services network. We compared rates of TXA use between January 2015 and June 2019 across geographic sectors. We also evaluated associations of demographic variables and perinatal outcomes of women who received TXA. Results: 209 cases of TXA use were found from analysis of 101,564 deliveries. TXA use increased over time and rates were higher in the West than in Central and East; the slope of increase over years did not differ between regions. Women who received TXA were more likely to have a history of postpartum hemorrhage (59 (28.2%) vs. 2290 (2.2%), P ' 0.0001) but were not more likely to have a chronic disease, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension and heart disease. Women who received TXA were more likely to have estimated blood loss greater than or equal to 1000 mL (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 15.3; 95% CI 11.1–21.1; P ' 0.0001). Likelihood of venous thromboembolism was not significantly increased in TXA recipients (aOR 2.0; 95% CI 0.3–14.6; P = 0.49). Conclusion: Increasing national trends of TXA use in the peripartum period was observed, with variable increases by geographic region. Likelihood of venous thromboembolism was not significantly increased among women who received TXA. Increasing TXA use throughout the country suggests that updated hemorrhage guidelines from national obstetrical organizations can shape clinical practice.
Curcumin: Could this compound be useful in pregnancy and pregnancy-related complications?; Curcumin, the main polyphenol contained in turmeric root (Curcuma longa), has played a significant role in medicine for centuries. The growing interest in plant-derived substances has led to increased consumption of them also in pregnancy. The pleiotropic and multi-targeting actions of curcumin have made it very attractive as a health-promoting compound. In spite of the beneficial effects observed in various chronic diseases in humans, limited and fragmentary information is currently available about curcumin’s effects on pregnancy and pregnancy-related complications. It is known that immune-metabolic alterations occurring during pregnancy have consequences on both maternal and fetal tissues, leading to short-and long-term complications. The reported anti-inflammatory, antioxidant, antitoxicant, neuroprotective, immunomodulatory, antiapoptotic, antiangiogenic, anti-hypertensive, and antidiabetic properties of curcumin appear to be encouraging, not only for the management of pregnancy-related disorders, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia (PE), depression, preterm birth, and fetal growth disorders but also to contrast damage induced by natural and chemical toxic agents. The current review summarizes the latest data, mostly obtained from animal models and in vitro studies, on the impact of curcumin on the molecular mechanisms involved in pregnancy pathophysiology, with the aim to shed light on the possible beneficial and/or adverse effects of curcumin on pregnancy outcomes.
Divergent trajectories of cardiovascular risk factors in the years before pregnancy in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: A populationbased study; OBJECTIVE Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, which has been attributed to an adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile that is apparent even within the first year postpartum. Given its presence in the early postpartum, we hypothesized that this adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile may develop over time in the years before pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS With population-based administrative databases, we identified all nulliparous women in Ontario, Canada, who had singleton pregnancies between January 2011 and December 2016 and two or more measurements of the following analytes between 2007 and the start of pregnancy: A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, lipids, and transaminases. This population consisted of 8,047 women who developed GDM and 93,114 women who did not. RESULTS The two most recent pregravid tests were performed at a median of 0.61 years and 1.86 years before pregnancy, respectively. Women who went on to develop GDM had higher pregravid A1C, fasting glucose, random glucose, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and ALT and lower HDL cholesterol than their peers (all P < 0.0001). Notably, in the years before pregnancy, women who went on to develop GDM had higher annual increases than their peers in A1C (1.9-fold higher) (difference 0.0089%/year [95% CI 0.0043–0.0135]) and random glucose (4.3-fold), greater annual decrease in HDL cholesterol (5.5-fold), and lesser annual decline in LDL cholesterol (0.4-fold) (all P ≤ 0.0002). During this time, fasting glucose and triglycerides increased in women who developed GDM but decreased in their peers (both P < 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS The adverse cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with GDM evolves over time in the years before pregnancy.
The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Background & Aims: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in non-pregnant adults. Although the biological mechanisms underlying this association are not completely understood, metabolic factors, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction are likely all involved. The association between NAFLD and pregnancy-associated hypertension (HTN) has not been systematically examined. The aim of this study is to assess the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Methods: This is secondary analysis of a prospective study of healthy pregnant women. Liver ultrasonography was performed at 10-14 weeks of gestation and maternal blood was taken for the measurement of selenoprotein P (SeP), a hepatokine independently associated with both NAFLD and CVD. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational HTN, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 pregnant women, the risk of developing pregnancy-associated HTN was significantly increased in women with NAFLD compared to those without NAFLD. Grade 2-3 steatosis was a significant predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors. Circulating levels of SeP were significantly higher in women with versus those without NAFLD (P =.001) and was significantly higher also in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN compared with those who did not (P '.005). Conclusions: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent predictor of pregnancy-associated HTN. Circulating levels of SeP at that same gestational age are significantly increased in pregnant women with NAFLD who subsequently develop pregnancy-associated HTN.
Study of primary caesarean section in multiparous women in Central India; Background: Primary caesarean section in multipara refers to first time caesarean section in multiparous women who have had previous one or more vaginal delivery. Aim and Objectives: The present study focuses on the frequency, indications and obstetric outcome of primary caesarean sections in multiparous women with previous vaginal deliveries. Material and Methods: This was a cross sectional observational study, carried st th out during a period of 1 December 2014 to 30 November 2016 at a tertiary care centre after obtaining clearance from Institutional Ethics Committee. All the consecutive subjects fulfilling the selection criteria were included in study with sample size of 200. Results: Total number of deliveries during the study period were 3485, out of which 1649 (47.32%) were vaginal and 1836 (52.68%) were caesarean sections. Frequency of primary caesarean section in multiparous women was 5.73% of all deliveries and 10.89% of all caesarean section. The most common indications for caesarean section were non reassuring fetal status (47%), mal-presentation (13%) and thick meconium stained liquor (13%). Conclusion: Though responsible for least number of overall caesarean sections, multiparous women undergoing primary caesarean section fall under high risk pregnancy with possibility of adverse obstetric outcome in significant number of subjects.
A pandemic center’s experience of managing pregnant women with COVID-19 infection in Turkey: A prospective cohort study; Objective: To evaluate the course and effect of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) on pregnant women followed up in a Turkish institution. Methods: A prospective, single tertiary pandemic center cohort study was conducted on pregnant women with confirmed or suspected severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection. Positive diagnosis was made on a real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay of a nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal specimen. Demographic features, clinical characteristics, and maternal and perinatal outcomes were evaluated. Results: SARS-CoV-2 was suspected in 100 pregnant women. Of them, 29 had the diagnosis confirmed by RT-PCR. Eight of the remaining 71 cases had clinical findings highly suspicious for COVID-19. Ten (34.5%) of the confirmed cases had co-morbidities. Cough (58.6%) and myalgia (51.7%) were the leading symptoms. COVID-19 therapy was given to 10 (34.5%) patients. There were no admissions to the intensive care unit. Pregnancy complications were present in 7 (24.1%) patients. Half of the births (5/10) were cesarean deliveries. None of the neonates were positive for SARS-CoV-2. Samples of breastmilk were also negative for the virus. Three neonates were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. Conclusion: The clinical course of COVID 19 during pregnancy appears to be mild in the present study.
The effect of diabetes during pregnancy on fetal renal parenchymal growth; Aims/hypothesis: Diabetes in pregnancy is thought to adversely affect the developing fetal kidneys. The rate of gestational diabetes is increasing globally with major consequences for future renal function. Very little is known about the impact of hyperglycaemia on the fetal renal parenchyma which contains the developing nephrons. The aim of this study was to measure the fetal renal parenchymal thickness and evaluate whether diabetes during pregnancy affects the growth of the fetal kidneys. Methods: This prospective, observational study used serial ultrasound measurements to evaluate the fetal renal parenchymal growth of 55 pregnancies with diabetes compared to 72 control pregnancies. Mixed effects modelling was used to analyse the data. Results: The renal parenchyma of fetuses from mothers with gestational diabetes was significantly thicker than those from the control group (LR Chisq = 4.8, df = 1, p = 0.029), however, the difference was proportional to the larger size of these fetuses. Fetuses of pregestational diabetics demonstrated no significant difference in renal parenchymal thickness compared to the control group even though they were also larger fetuses. Parenchymal growth slowed with increasing abdominal circumference in the pregestational diabetic group, suggesting an adverse effect on nephrogenesis, however this did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions/interpretation: Our study provides unique data on how diabetes during pregnancy influences fetal kidney growth. Appropriate management of diabetic pregnancies may mitigate some of the adverse effects on the fetal kidneys. Increasing degrees of hyperglycaemia, as seen sometimes in pregestational diabetes, may affect nephrogenesis; however larger studies are needed. Graphic abstract: [Figure not available: see fulltext.]
Paired maternal and fetal cardiac functional measurements in women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 35–36 weeks’ gestation; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with early-onset cardiovascular disease and increased incidence of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in mothers and their offspring. Few studies with a limited number of patients have reported subclinical cardiac changes in association with gestational diabetes mellitus; however, it remains unclear whether the mother and the fetus respond in a similar fashion to gestational diabetes mellitus; thus, by assessing the heart of one, we can estimate or predict changes in the other. Objective: This study aimed to compare maternal and fetal cardiovascular functions in the third trimester between women with gestational diabetes mellitus and women with uncomplicated pregnancy and to explore whether gestational diabetes mellitus affects to the same extent the maternal and fetal heart. Study Design: This was a cross-sectional study of maternal and fetal echocardiography for assessment of cardiovascular function in the third trimester in women with singleton pregnancies who received a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus and the control group with uncomplicated pregnancies. Results: In this study, we included 161 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 483 women with uncomplicated pregnancies. Compared with women in the control group, women with gestational diabetes mellitus were older (34.5, standard deviation, 5.3 years] vs 32.5, standard deviation, 4.8 years]; P<.001), had higher body mass index (31.3 kg/m2 [standard deviation, 5.8] vs 28.6 kg/m2 [standard deviation, 4.4]; P<.001), had lower weight gain during pregnancy (8.3 [interquartile range, 4.8–11 kg] vs 10.8 [interquartile range, 8.2–13.5 kg]; P<.001), and delivered babies with lower birthweight (P<.001). After multivariable analysis, accounting for differences in maternal characteristics and fetal weight, mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had lower left ventricular diastolic and systolic (tissue Doppler systolic [s’] wave) functional indices (P<.01 for both) compared with those of mothers in the control group. The noted cardiac changes did not fulfill the adult criteria for clinical cardiac dysfunction. No differences in hemodynamic indices (cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance) and left ventricular mass were noted between the groups. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus had more globular-shaped hearts with increased right and left ventricular sphericity indices (P<.001 for both) and reduced global longitudinal right and left ventricular systolic functional indices (P<.001 for both). The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal and fetal hearts was different, and there was no clear association between the two. Conclusion: In the third trimester, in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, there were subclinical cardiac changes in both the mother and the fetus, but there was no significant difference in any of the fetal cardiac parameters between women with and women without unfavorable cardiac profile. This suggests that the stimulus for cardiovascular responses in the mother and fetus may not be the same in pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Restoring BMP4 expression in vascular endothelial progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced apoptosis and neural tube defects; During mouse embryonic development, vasculogenesis initially occurs in the yolk sac, preceding neurulation. Our previous studies have demonstrated that maternal diabetes induces embryonic vasculopathy at early embryonic developmental stage by suppressing the expression of vascular growth factors including BMP4 (bone morphogenetic protein 4). This study aimed to determine whether restoring diabetes-inhibited BMP4 expression in Flk-1+ progenitors effectively prevented maternal diabetes-induced embryonic vasculopathy and NTDs. Transgenic (Tg) BMP4 expression in the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (Flk-1)-positive (Flk-1+) progenitors was achieved by crossing a Floxed BMP4 Tg mouse line with the Flk-1-Cre mouse line. Non-BMP4 Tg and BMP4 Tg embryos were harvested at E8.5 to assess the expression of BMP4, markers of endoplasmic reticulum stress, and expression of the Id genes, direct targets of BMP4; and the presence of cleaved caspase 3 and 8, apoptosis, and Smad signaling. BMP4 Tg overexpression neutralized its down-regulation by maternal diabetes in E8.5 embryos. Maternal diabetes-induced Flk-1+ progenitor apoptosis, impairment of blood island formation, and reduction of Flk-1+ progenitor number and blood vessel density, which were reversed by BMP4 Tg expression. BMP4 Tg expression in Flk-1+ progenitors blocked maternal diabetes-induced vasculopathy in early stage embryos (E7.5-E8.5) and consequently led to amelioration of maternal diabetes-induced neural tube defects (NTDs) at E10.5. BMP4 Tg expression inhibited maternal diabetes-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and caspase cascade activation in the developing neuroepithelium, and reduced neuroepithelial cell apoptosis. BMP4 Tg expression re-activated Smad1/5/8 phosphorylation and reversed maternal diabetes-suppressed Smad4 expression. BMP4 Tg expression restored Id1 and Smad6 expression inhibited by maternal diabetes. In vitro, recombinant BMP4 protein blocked high glucose-induced Flk-1+ progenitor apoptosis and NTDs. These data demonstrate that BMP4 down-regulation in Flk-1+ progenitors are responsible for diabetes-induced yolk sac vasculopathy, and that restoring BMP4 expression prevents vasculopathy and rescues neuroepithelial cells from cellular organelle stress, leading to NTD reduction.
Pain response to vaccination in newborn infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Response to pain is altered in infants who were exposed to pain- and stressful events in the neonatal period. Infants of diabetic mothers receive several heel sticks after birth for measuring blood glucose and thus may show changes in their behavioral and physiologic response to pain. Moreover, maternal hyperglycemia may alter activity of the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis reactivity. Study design: In total, 43 infants of diabetic mothers and 30 control infants were included into the study. Response to pain was assessed at 3 months of age following two intramuscular injections for vaccination. We assessed behavioral (Bernese pain scale), physiologic (heart rate) and hormonal (salivary cortisol) pain response to vaccination as well as spinal sensitization (flexion withdrawal reflex). Results: Infants of diabetic mothers received a median number of 5 [4–19] painful events compared to 1 [1–3] in the control group. Heart rate reactivity differed significantly between groups. Infants of diabetic mothers had higher peaks (p = 0.002) and needed more time to recover to baseline (p < 0.001). Moreover, infants of diabetic mothers showed higher peak cortisol (p = 0.001) and a higher relative cortisol increase (p = 0.015). Flexor withdrawal reflex thresholds were significantly lower in infants of diabetic mothers (p = 0.003). Conclusion: The increase of physiologic and hormonal responses to pain in infants of diabetic mothers is probably caused by repeated painful events and an altered metabolic profile.
The rate of SARS-CoV-2 positivity in asymptomatic pregnant women admitted to hospital for delivery: Experience of a pandemic center in Turkey; Objective: To investigate the rate of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) positivity in asymptomatic pregnant women admitted to hospital for delivery in a Turkish pandemic center. Study Design: This prospective cohort study was conducted in Ankara City Hospital between April, 15, 2020 and June, 5, 2020. A total of 206 asymptomatic pregnant women (103 low-risk pregnant women without any defined risk factor and 103 high-risk pregnant women) were screened for SARS-CoV-2 positivity upon admission to hospital for delivery. Detection of SARS-CoV2 in nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal samples was performed by Real Time Reverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method targeting RdRp (RNA dependent RNA polymerase) gene. Two groups were compared in terms of demographic features, clinical characteristics and SARS-CoV-2 positivity. Results: Three of the 206 pregnant women participating in the study had positive RT-PCR tests (1.4 %) and all positive cases were in the high-risk pregnancy group. Although, one case in the high-risk pregnancy group had developed symptoms highly suspicious for COVID-19, two repeated RT-PCR tests were negative. SARS-CoV-2 RT-PCR positivity rate was significantly higher in the high-risk pregnancy group (2.9 % vs 0%, p = 0.04). Conclusion: Healthcare professionals should be cautious in the labor and delivery of high-risk pregnant women during the pandemic period and universal testing for COVID-19 may be considered in selected populations.
Role of neurotrophins in pregnancy and offspring brain development; Neurotrophins are a family of functionally and structurally related proteins which play a key role in the survival, development, and function of neurons in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), nerve growth factor (NGF), neurotrophin-3 (NT-3), and neurotrophin-4 (NT-4) are the family members of neurotrophins. Neurotrophins play a crucial role in influencing the development of the brain and learning and memory processes. Studies demonstrate that they also play crucial role in influencing reproductive and immune systems. Neurotrophins have been shown to influence various processes in the mother, placenta, and fetus during pregnancy. Development and maturation of feto-placental unit and the fetal growth trajectories are influenced by neurotrophins. In addition to neurotrophins, neuropeptides like neuropeptide Y also play a crucial role during various processes of pregnancy and during fetal brain development. Neurotrophins have also been shown to have a cross talk with various angiogenic factors and influence placental development. Alterations in the levels of neurotrophins and neuropeptides lead to placental pathologies resulting in various pregnancy complications like preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction and preterm births. Studies in animals have reported low levels of maternal micronutrients like folic acid, vitamin B12 and omega-3 fatty acids influence brain neurotrophins resulting in impaired cognitive functioning in the offspring. Maternal nutrition is also known to affect the expression of neuropeptides. It is essential to understand the role of various neurotrophins across various stages of pregnancy and its relationship with neurodevelopmental outcomes in children. This will lead to early prediction of poor neurodevelopmental outcomes. The present review describes evidence describing the role of neurotrophins in determining pregnancy outcome and altered neurodevelopment in the offspring. The possible mechanism through which maternal nutrition influences neurotrophins and neuropeptides to regulate offspring brain development and function is also discussed.
Obesity in pregnancy; The incidence of obesity in the UK is increasing, meaning more women booking for antenatal care are obese. Obesity poses many additional risks to the mother and fetus during pregnancy, labour and the puerperium. Care of obese women should aim to reduce these risks. This article will discuss the risks associated with obesity in pregnancy and the management of obese women, from preconception through to completion of the postnatal period.
Personalized predictive models for symptomatic COVID-19 patients using basic preconditions: Hospitalizations, mortality, and the need for an ICU or ventilator; Background: The rapid global spread of the SARS-CoV-2 virus has provoked a spike in demand for hospital care. Hospital systems across the world have been over-extended, including in Northern Italy, Ecuador, and New York City, and many other systems face similar challenges. As a result, decisions on how to best allocate very limited medical resources and design targeted policies for vulnerable subgroups have come to the forefront. Specifically, under consideration are decisions on who to test, who to admit into hospitals, who to treat in an Intensive Care Unit (ICU), and who to support with a ventilator. Given today's ability to gather, share, analyze and process data, personalized predictive models based on demographics and information regarding prior conditions can be used to (1) help decision-makers allocate limited resources, when needed, (2) advise individuals how to better protect themselves given their risk profile, (3) differentiate social distancing guidelines based on risk, and (4) prioritize vaccinations once a vaccine becomes available. Objective: To develop personalized models that predict the following events: (1) hospitalization, (2) mortality, (3) need for ICU, and (4) need for a ventilator. To predict hospitalization, it is assumed that one has access to a patient's basic preconditions, which can be easily gathered without the need to be at a hospital and hence serve citizens and policy makers to assess individual risk during a pandemic. For the remaining models, different versions developed include different sets of a patient's features, with some including information on how the disease is progressing (e.g., diagnosis of pneumonia). Materials and Methods: National data from a publicly available repository, updated daily, containing information from approximately 91,000 patients in Mexico were used. The data for each patient include demographics, prior medical conditions, SARS-CoV-2 test results, hospitalization, mortality and whether a patient has developed pneumonia or not. Several classification methods were applied and compared, including robust versions of logistic regression, and support vector machines, as well as random forests and gradient boosted decision trees. Results: Interpretable methods (logistic regression and support vector machines) perform just as well as more complex models in terms of accuracy and detection rates, with the additional benefit of elucidating variables on which the predictions are based. Classification accuracies reached 72 %, 79 %, 89 %, and 90 % for predicting hospitalization, mortality, need for ICU and need for a ventilator, respectively. The analysis reveals the most important preconditions for making the predictions. For the four models derived, these are: (1) for hospitalization:age, pregnancy, diabetes, gender, chronic renal insufficiency, and immunosuppression; (2) for mortality: age, immunosuppression, chronic renal insufficiency, obesity and diabetes; (3) for ICU need: development of pneumonia (if available), age, obesity, diabetes and hypertension; and (4) for ventilator need: ICU and pneumonia (if available), age, obesity, and hypertension.
Metformin in women with type 2 diabetes in pregnancy (MiTy): a multicentre, international, randomised, placebo-controlled trial; Background: Although metformin is increasingly being used in women with type 2 diabetes during pregnancy, little data exist on the benefits and harms of metformin use on pregnancy outcomes in these women. We aimed to investigate the effects of the addition of metformin to a standard regimen of insulin on neonatal morbidity and mortality in pregnant women with type 2 diabetes. Methods: In this prospective, multicentre, international, randomised, parallel, double-masked, placebo-controlled trial, women with type 2 diabetes during pregnancy were randomly assigned from 25 centres in Canada and four in Australia to receive either metformin 1000 mg twice daily or placebo, added to insulin. Randomisation was done via a web-based computerised randomisation service and stratified by centre and pre-pregnancy BMI (<30 kg/m2 or ≥30 kg/m2) in a ratio of 1:1 using random block sizes of 4 and 6. Women were eligible if they had type 2 diabetes, were on insulin, had a singleton viable pregnancy, and were between 6 and 22 weeks plus 6 days' gestation. Participants were asked to check their fasting blood glucose level before the first meal of the day, before the last meal of the day, and 2 h after each meal. Insulin doses were adjusted aiming for identical glucose targets (fasting glucose <5·3 mmol/L [95 mg/dL], 2-h postprandial glucose <6·7 mmol/L [120 mg/dL]). Study visits were done monthly and patients were seen every 1–4 weeks as was needed for standard clinical care. At study visits blood pressure and bodyweight were measured; patients were asked about tolerance to their pills, any hospitalisations, insulin doses, and severe hypoglycaemia events; and glucometer readings were downloaded to the central coordinating centre. Participants, caregivers, and outcome assessors were masked to the intervention. The primary outcome was a composite of fetal and neonatal outcomes, for which we calculated the relative risk and 95% CI between groups, stratifying by site and BMI using a log-binomial regression model with an intention-to-treat analysis. Secondary outcomes included several relevant maternal and neonatal outcomes. The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01353391. Findings: Between May 25, 2011, and Oct 11, 2018, we randomly assigned 502 women, 253 (50%) to metformin and 249 (50%) to placebo. Complete data were available for 233 (92%) participants in the metformin group and 240 (96%) in the placebo group for the primary outcome. We found no significant difference in the primary composite neonatal outcome between the two groups (40% vs 40%; p=0·86; relative risk [RR] 1·02 [0·83 to 1·26]). Compared with women in the placebo group, metformin-treated women achieved better glycaemic control (HbA1c at 34 weeks' gestation 41·0 mmol/mol [SD 8·5] vs 43·2 mmol/mol [–10]; 5·90% vs 6·10%; p=0·015; mean glucose 6·05 [0·93] vs 6·27 [0·90]; difference −0·2 [–0·4 to 0·0]), required less insulin (1·1 units per kg per day vs 1·5 units per kg per day; difference −0·4 [95% CI −0·5 to −0·2]; p<0·0001), gained less weight (7·2 kg vs 9·0 kg; difference −1·8 [–2·7 to −0·9]; p<0·0001) and had fewer caesarean births (125 [53%] of 234 in the metformin group vs 148 [63%] of 236 in the placebo group; relative risk [RR] 0·85 [95% CI 0·73 to 0·99]; p=0·031). We found no significant difference between the groups in hypertensive disorders (55 [23%] in the metformin group vs 56 [23%] in the placebo group; p=0·93; RR 0·99 [0·72 to 1·35]). Compared with those in the placebo group, metformin-exposed infants weighed less (mean birthweight 3156 g [SD 742] vs 3375 g [742]; difference −218 [–353 to −82]; p=0·002), fewer were above the 97th centile for birthweight (20 [9%] in the metformin group vs 34 [15%] in the placebo group; RR 0·58 [0·34 to 0·97]; p=0·041), fewer weighed 4000 g or more at birth (28 [12%] in the metformin group vs 44 [19%] in the placebo group; RR 0·65 [0·43 to 0·99]; p=0·046), and metformin-exposed infants had reduced adiposity measures (mean sum of skinfolds 16·0 mm [SD 5·0] vs 17·4 [6·2] mm; difference −1·41 [–2·6 to −0·2]; p=0·024; mean neonatal fat mass 13·2 [SD 6·2] vs 14·6 [5·0]; p=0·017). 30 (13%) infants in the metformin group and 15 (7%) in the placebo group were small for gestational age (RR 1·96 [1·10 to 3·64]; p=0·026). We found no significant difference in the cord c-peptide between groups (673 pmol/L [435] in the metformin group vs 758 pmol/L [595] in the placebo group; p=0·10; ratio of means 0·88 [0·72 to 1·02]). The most common adverse event reported was gastrointestinal (38 events in the metformin group and 38 events in the placebo group). Interpretation: We found several maternal glycaemic and neonatal adiposity benefits in the metformin group. Along with reduced maternal weight gain and insulin dosage and improved glycaemic control, the lower adiposity and infant size measurements resulted in fewer large infants but a higher proportion of small-for-gestational-age infants. Understanding the implications of these effects on infants will be important to properly advise patients who are contemplating the use of metformin during pregnancy. Funding: Canadian Institutes of Health Research, Lunenfeld-Tanenbaum Research Institute, University of Toronto.
ACUTE POSTPARTUM PULMONARY EDEMA: A MOTHER IN DISTRESS; SESSION TITLE: Medical Student/Resident Signs and Symptoms of Chest Disease Posters SESSION TYPE: Med Student/Res Case Rep Postr PRESENTED ON: October 18-21, 2020 INTRODUCTION: Acute dyspnea in a postpartum patient is an unusual presentation, and a number of differential diagnoses should be considered during the evaluation, one of which is pulmonary edema. Acute pulmonary edema during pregnancy and the postpartum period have an overall incidence of only 0.08%. The physiological changes of pregnancy might be contributing to worsen these symptoms further. CASE PRESENTATION: A 27-year old South-Asian primigravida with a past medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus presented with progressive dyspnea, orthopnea, and generalized edema that started five days post-partum. Her pregnancy was complicated by preterm premature rupture of membranes and failure of progression of labor requiring Caesarian delivery at 33 weeks. During the delivery, a total of 40 U oxytocin infusion, spinal anesthesia, and 3L of crystalloid fluids were administered. On presentation, vitals were within normal limits. On physical exam, she had generalized edema, diminished bibasilar breath sounds. She had normal sinus rhythm on EKG. Labs showed negative troponins, pro-BNP of 674, negative D-dimer. Chest X-Ray showed mild bilateral interstitial edema suggestive of pulmonary edema. Echocardiography revealed mildly elevated left atrial pressure with EF of 55-60%. She was started on 40mg of furosemide daily and Metoprolol twice a day, leading to improvement in her symptoms. The patient was discharged on beta-blocker and was arranged to follow up with cardiology and OB/GYN. DISCUSSION: Postpartum pulmonary edema can be either cardiogenic or noncardiogenic in origin. The cardiogenic causes include peripartum cardiomyopathy, pre-existing valvulopathies, myocardial ischemia, and pre-eclampsia causing heart failure. While the noncardiogenic are iatrogenic fluid overload, excessive tocolytic use, thyroid disease, sepsis, and ARDS. Postpartum cardiomyopathy is a rare clinical entity that has a relatively high mortality. Our patient did not meet the criteria for any of the above causes. Studies have shown that there is an increased risk of pulmonary edema associated with cesarean and spontaneous preterm delivery. In our patient, this could be one of the contributing factors. According to Sciscione et al., limiting the treatment of preterm labor to a single tocolytic agent may prevent pulmonary edema. Management includes oxygen, diuretics, morphine to promote venodilation and beta-blockers to prevent tachycardia. Noninvasive ventilation provides earlier improvement than standard oxygen therapy. CONCLUSIONS: Postpartum pulmonary edema can lead to relatively high maternal morbidity and mortality. Identifying risk factors plus judicious administration of fluids and tocolytics may help to prevent pulmonary edema. Reference #1: Dunne, Caitlin, and Antonio Meriano. “Acute Postpartum Pulmonary Edema in a 23-Year-Old Woman 5 Days after Cesarean Delivery.” Canadian Journal of Emergency Medicine, 2009, doi:10.1017/S1481803500011179. Reference #2: Ogunyemi, Dotun. “Risk Factors for Acute Pulmonary Edema in Preterm Delivery.” European Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and Reproductive Biology, 2007, doi:10.1016/j.ejogrb.2006.09.001. Reference #3: Sciscione, Anthony C., et al. “Acute Pulmonary Edema in Pregnancy.” Obstetrics and Gynecology, 2003, doi:10.1016/S0029-7844(02)02733-3. DISCLOSURES: No relevant relationships by Saif Faiek, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Hina Farrukh, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by Nancy Higgins, source=Web Response No relevant relationships by sreeja sompalli, source=Web Response
Exposure to gestational diabetes enriches immune-related pathways in the transcriptome and methylome of human amniocytes; Context: Gestational diabetes (GDM) has profound effects on the intrauterine metabolic milieu and is linked to obesity and diabetes in offspring, but the mechanisms driving these effects remain largely unknown. Alterations in DNA methylation and gene expression in amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero represent a potential mechanism leading to metabolic dysfunction later in life. Objective: To profile changes in genome-wide DNA methylation and expression in human amniocytes exposed to GDM. Design: A nested case-control study (n = 14 pairs) was performed in amniocytes matched for offspring sex, maternal race/ethnicity, maternal age, gestational age at amniocentesis, and gestational age at birth. Sex-specific genome-wide DNA methylation analysis and RNA-sequencing were completed and differentially methylated regions (DMRs) and gene expression changes were identified. Ingenuity pathway analysis identified biologically relevant pathways enriched after GDM exposure. In silico high-throughput chromosome conformation capture (Hi-C) analysis identified potential chromatin interactions with DMRs. Results: Expression of interferon-stimulated genes was increased in GDM amniocytes, accounting for 6 of the top 10 altered genes (q < 0.05). Enriched biological pathways in GDM amniocytes included pathways involving inflammation, the interferon response, fatty liver disease, monogenic diabetes, and atherosclerosis. Forty-two DMRs were identified in male GDM-exposed amniocytes and 20 in female amniocyte analysis (q < 0.05). Hi-C analysis identified interactions between DMRs and 11 genes with significant expression changes in male amniocytes and 9 in female amniocytes (P < .05). Conclusion: In a unique repository of human amniocytes exposed to GDM in utero, transcriptome analysis identified enrichment of inflammation and interferon-related pathways and novel DMRs with potential distal regulatory functions. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 105: 1–15, 2020)
Profile of congenital cardiovascular anomalies among stillborns at a tertiary care hospital; Introduction: Congenital cardiovascular anomalies refer to anatomic malformation of the heart and great vessels occurring during the intrauterine developmental process. Aim: To determine the pattern of distribution of cardiovascular anomalies through autopsy and to find an association between maternal factors and congenital anomalies, and also an association between autopsy and ultrasound findings. Materials and Methods: This was a descriptive cross-sectional study, which consisted of 50 stillborn foetuses. The foetuses were obtained from the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at a JSS Medical College and Hospital, Mysuru, Karnataka, India. The foetus was fixed in 10% formalin and the autopsies were carried out as per standard foetal autopsy protocol. The cardiovascular anomalies were studied in detail. Data collected were entered in MS Excel 2010 and analysed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) version 22 to obtain relevant statistics. Descriptive measures like percentages were calculated and the distribution of birth weight, gestational age, maternal age, gravida of the mother, and socioeconomic status of parents among the stillborn foetuses were studied. Fisher's-exact test was done to find out the association between maternal diabetes and cardiovascular anomalies. The results were interpreted as statistically significant at p<0.05. Results: Out of the total 50 stillborn foetuses studied, cardiovascular anomalies were present in five cases. The ventricular septal defect was the most common anomaly. Other anomalies were an atrial septal defect, tetralogy of Fallot, and pulmonary stenosis. The occurrence of cardiovascular anomalies was four times more common in male foetuses than in the female. Each stillborn foetus was classified, based on birth weight, gestational age, maternal age, gravidity of the mother, and socioeconomic status of parents. Maximum foetuses 29 (58%) were having a birth weight between 500-1000 grams. Maximum foetuses 20 (40%) were from the gestational age group of 22-26 weeks. The maximum number of foetuses 24 (48%) were born to mothers in the age group of 26-30 years and 22 (44%) mothers were primigravida. The maximum number of stillborns 25 (50%) belonged to the lower middle class of socioeconomic status according to Kuppuswamy's socioeconomic scale. History of consanguinity was present in 10 (20%) mothers. Fisher's-exact test showed a significant association between maternal diabetes and cardiovascular anomalies (p<0.01). The autopsy confirmed the antenatal ultrasound findings in 40 (80%) of the cases. There were significant additional findings observed in 7 (14%) cases and ultrasound diagnosis was completely changed in 3 (6%) cases, after the final autopsy procedure. Conclusion: This study focuses on the importance of concomitant foetal autopsy in providing accurate genetic counseling. It is mandatory to have an autopsy study for all the stillborn foetuses to predict and counsel for safe future pregnancy outcomes. The preventive measures for maternal diabetes should be taken care of to avoid cardiovascular anomalies in the antenatal period and future pregnancies.
Management of peripartum cardiomyopathy with secondary large left ventricular apical clot using novel oral anticoagulants: A case report; Peripartum Cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a major life-threatening complication of pregnancy, as only half of them or slightly more patients show improvement of Left Ventricular (LV) dysfunction. A 28-year-old woman with a history of gestational hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy, underwent full-term normal vaginal delivery. She started developing dyspnea, Class II which progressed to Class IV postpartum. Kidney and liver functions were found to be grossly deranged along with thrombocytopenia. Provisional diagnosis of Haemolysis, Elevated Liver Enzymes and Low Platelets (HELLP) was made. Electrocardiography (ECG) revealed the left anterior fascicular block. Eventually, bedside echocardiogram revealed severe LV dysfunction and the presence of a large soft LV apical clot with an Ejection Fraction (EF) of 30%. Adequate anticoagulation was achieved using Novel Oral Anticoagulants (NOAC). After six days and a 3-month follow-up, an echocardiogram demonstrated a significant improvement of LV function (EF-45%) and a complete resolution of LV apical clot, respectively.
Approach to diabetes diagnosis: A review; Diabetes mellitus, a global epidemic non communicable condition which has affected about 431 million total number of people according to Atlas,8th edition 2017.Most of the times is diagnosed late, the longer the disease the higher the risks of complications. The patient seek medical assistance at any health care services when either has been alarmed with strange symptoms happening on his body or a result of diabetes disease has occurred on his body and that prompt the investigations which lead to diagnosing the disease. Symptoms like polyuria, polydipsia, and retinopathy are some of the few things a patient presents with in front of health practitioner. There are many types but classified into type I and type 2, Insulin dependent and Non-insulin dependent respectively. Other conditions are in transition that is can either develop disease or not but most important thing is to monitor such clients. Blood sample is the specimen that is used to check for glycaemia. The commonly used tests to diagnose diabetes are Oral Glucose Tolerance Test, Fasting blood sugar, Random blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin. Urine can also be used to semi-quantitatively detect sugar in the urine and that will give a good picture of the status of the condition. Most importantly, prevention of complications of the disease will do a great benefit to the health of patient. The results of complications include damage of the nerve, cardiovascular disease, eye problem and kidney problems Therefore, diagnosing and monitoring of condition by employing glycated haemoglobin is crucial. This will help clinicians have a picture of the past 90-120 days of glycaemia and obtain quick results that will help to improve patient care.
The effect of omega-3 and Vitamin E on oxidative stress and inflammation: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials; Background: Several studies have investigated the effect of omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E on oxidative stress and inflammation, but their findings are inconsistent. The aim of this meta-analysis is to elucidate the overall effects of co-supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E on oxidative stress and inflammation. Methods: We searched titles, abstracts, and keywords of relevant articles indexed in PubMed, ISI, Scopus, and Google Scholar databases up to December 2018 to identify eligible RCT studies. Random effects model was used to estimate the pooled effect of co-supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E on oxidative stress and inflammation. Results: Overall, 7 RCTs with 504 participants were included in this meta-analysis. We found that co-supplementation with omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E decreased hs-CRP (weighed mean difference (WMD) =2.15 mg/L; 95% CI:_3.40,_0.91 mg/L; P < 0.001) concentrations and increased total antioxidant capacity (TAC) (WMD = 92.87 mmol/L; 95% CI: 31.97, 153.77 mmol/L; P = 0.03), and nitric oxide levels (NO) (WMD: 6.95 μmol/L; 95% CI: 3.86, 10.04, P < 0.001) compared with control group. Omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E had no significant effect on malondialdehyde (MDA) (WMD: 1.54 mmol/L; 95% CI:_1.29, 4.36; P = 0.196), and glutathione (GSH) (WMD: 20.87 mmol/L; 95% CI:_20.04, 61.6, P = 0.31) levels. Conclusion: The present meta-analysis found that omega-3 fatty acids and Vitamin E co-supplementation significantly decreased hs-CRP and increased NO and TAC, although it had no significant effect on MDA and GSH. &copy;2019 Hogrefe.
A Forensic Aspect of Fetal Shoulder Dystocia; Fetal shoulder dystocia (FSD) is an unpredictable and critical obstetric intrapartum emergency, where an objective problem is the relationship between the mother's pelvis and the child, i. e., an anthropometric disorder of delivery mechanics and dynamics. It is evident that the need to perform other maneuvers indicates the severity of FSD, which in turn correlates with the consequent iatrogenic injury of the fetus and/or mother. FSD is certainly the most controversial forensic obstetric problem, with the most disputes, compensation for damages due to peripartum injury to the child and/or mother, pain suffered, the need for someone else's care, and permanent disability. Suboptimalprocedures and inadequate documentation are factors of forensic risk and subsequent litigations. Prevention of FSD is generally not possible, although good antenatal care can sometimes exclude riskycases of FSD, and some rare, chronic intrauterine disorders can result in orthopedic and neurological sequelae, which is especially important in forensic analysis. Because FSD is largely impossible to predict, it must be viewed as an intrapartum acceptable risk. During childbirth, FSD may compromise the safety of the mother and unborn child, therefore education and skills acquisition are necessary for obstetric work. Risk control, proper procedures, and proper documentation, along with goodcommunication with the pregnant women and their families, significantly reduce litigation procedures.
A decrease in cesarean sections and labor inductions among Swedish women by awareness of fetal movements with the Mindfetalness method; Background: Maternal perception of decreased fetal movements is commonly used to assess fetal well-being. However, there are different opinions on whether healthcare professionals should encourage maternal observation of fetal movements, as researchers claim that raising awareness increases unnecessary interventions, without improving perinatal health. We aimed to investigate whether cesarean sections and labor induction increase by raising women's awareness of fetal movements through Mindfetalness. Further, we aimed to study perinatal health after implementing Mindfetalness in maternity care. Methods: In a cluster randomized controlled trial, 67 maternity clinics were allocated to Mindfetalness or routine care. In the Mindfetalness group, midwives distributed a leaflet telling the women to focus on the character, strength and frequency of the fetal movements without counting each movement. The instruction was to do so for 15 min daily when the fetus was awake, from gestational week 28 until birth. In this sub-group analysis, we targeted women born in Sweden giving birth from 32 weeks' gestation. We applied the intention-to-treat principle. Results: The Mindfetalness group included 13,029 women and the Routine-care group 13,456 women. Women randomized to Mindfetalness had less cesarean sections (18.4% vs. 20.0%, RR 0.92, CI 0.87-0.97) and labor inductions (19.2% vs. 20.3%, RR 0.95, CI 0.90-0.99) compared to the women in the Routine-care group. Less babies were born small for gestational age (8.5% vs. 9.3%, RR 0.91, CI 0.85-0.99) in the Mindfetalness group. Women in the Mindfetalness group contacted healthcare due to decreased fetal movements to a higher extent than women in the Routine care group (7.8% vs. 4.3%, RR 1.79, CI 1.62-1.97). The differences remain after adjustment for potential confounders. Conclusions: Raising awareness about fetal movements through Mindfetalness decreased the rate of cesarean sections, labor inductions and small-for-gestational age babies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02865759). Registered 12 August 2016, www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Inpatient biophysical profiles and the effect on clinical decision making; Objective Our primary objective was to determine whether biophysical profiles (BPP) performed on the antepartum unit result in changes in clinical decision making. Study Design A retrospective cohort chart review was performed among women who had a BPP during hospital admission. BPP status was categorized as normal (8/8 points) and abnormal (6/8 or less points). The primary outcome, clinical decision making, was the need for prolonged external fetal monitoring (defined as > 2 hours) or decision to proceed with delivery. Secondary outcomes included mode of delivery, indicated preterm delivery, birth weight, 5-minute Apgar's score <7, and neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission. Results Among our cohort (n ¼ 186), 85.5% (n ¼ 159) had a normal BPP. Delivery management was altered in one case (0.54%) by the BPP findings, and there were no BPPs that resulted in need for prolonged monitoring. Compared with women with normal BPP, women with abnormal BPPs were more likely to deliver at <37 weeks, to be admitted to the NICU, or have a 5-minute Apgar's score <7. Conclusion In-hospital BPPs alter clinical decision making in less than 1% of cases.
Why mothers die: An original research in odisha; Maternal mortality is defined as the death of a woman while pregnant or within 42 days of termination of pregnancy, irrespective of the duration and site of pregnancy, from any cause related to or aggravated by the pregnancy or its management, but not from accidental or incidental causes. Each year in India, roughly 28 million women experience pregnancy and 26 million have a live birth. Of these, an estimated 67,000 maternal deaths and one million newborn deaths occur each year. In addition, millions more women and newborns suffer pregnancy and birth related ill-health. Thus, pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity continues to have a huge impact on the lives of Indian women and their newborns.
Cardiorenal disease is the most common first cardiovascular manifestation in type 2 diabetes and associated with increased mortality; Background: Cardiorenal disease, defined by heart failure (HF) or chronic kidney disease (CKD), is a serious cardiovascular disease (CVD) complication among patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D). Several recent trials in T2D have shown significant reduced risk of cardiorenal disease during treatment with a sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitor. However, data on cardiorenal disease among T2D patients without established CVD is scarce. Objectives: To determine the cardiorenal disease manifestation and, second, its associated mortality risks in T2D patients without CVD and renal disease, referred to as CVD-free patients. Methods: In this observational study, all prevalent patients aged .18 years with at least two blood glucose lowering drug prescriptions prior to index date (i.e. 1st January 2012) were included and those with less than 12 months of medical history, T1D or gestational diabetes were excluded. In the Dutch PHARMO Database Network, patients without diagnoses of CVD or renal disease were defined as CVD-free. Firstly, CVD manifestation was determined by the first event of stroke, myocardial infarction (MI), peripheral artery disease (PAD) and cardiorenal disease. Secondly, we compared patients with a single diagnosis of HF, CKD, MI, stroke or PAD with CVD-free patients. Age and sex adjusted Cox regressions were used for risk estimations. Results: Of 46,451 T2D patients; 36,903 (79%) were identified as CVD-free at index date and followed for a mean period of 4.6 years. Of the 4,498 (12.2%) T2D patients who developed a CVD during follow-up, cardiorenal disease was most common (57%; 23% HF and 35% CKD), followed by MI (17%), PAD (13%) and stroke (12%). Compared with the CVD-free group, HF was associated with increased risk of CKD (HR 1.60 [95%CI: 1.06-2.42]), and CKD was numerically associated with increased risk of HF (HR 1.28 [95%CI: 0.74-2.22]). Cardiorenal disease, HF, CKD and HF+CKD were associated with increased risk of all-cause mortality, HR 2.48 (95%CI: 2.17-2.83), HR 2.73 (95%CI: 2.29-3.25), HR 2.18 (95%CI: 1.77-2.67), HR 4.08 (95%CI: 2.57-6.49), respectively, compared to CVD-free T2D. Conclusions: In T2D patients without a history of cardiovascular or renal disease, cardiorenal disease was the most common first CVD manifestation and was associated with significantly increased risk of all-cause mortality. Cardiorenal disease is an important early complication in T2D that should be considered when choosing optimal preventive strategies.
A rare case of syndromic congenital hyperinsulinism in a preterm baby; Clinical Case Presentation A case of Syndromic Congenital Hyperinsulinism in a preterm baby, caused by Beckwith-Weidemann Syndrome(BWS) was seen in our unit. Baby was born at 34 week gestational age by emergency lower segment caesarean section, as a result of fetal distress. Baby was noted to be macrosomic at birth with a weight of 4.37 kg (above the 99.6th centile) and transverse earlobe crease with post-auricular pits. However, there was no other clinical features of Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome noted. Baby was born to a 30 yr old primigravida lady with high BMI of 47. Antenatal Gestational Diabetic screening with oral glucose tolerance test was negative on three separate occasions. There was no history of Polyhydramnious. Anomaly scan was normal. Both parents are non-consanguineous. Dad suffers from Watson Syndrome(a variant of Neurofibromatosis type1) and Mum is Healthy, apart from unexplained High BMI. Baby was born in good condition but developed respiratory distress soon after birth. Baby was therefore admitted to NICU requiring respiratory support via vapotherm. Baby was noted to have developed hypoglycaemia within the first hours of birth. Management Hypoglycaemia persisted despite initial 10% dextrose mini-boluses, 20% dextrose and 50% dextrose infusion. Baby required up to 20 mg/kg/min of dextrose infusion including oral feeds. Normoglycaemia was eventually achieved with Glucagon infusion 5 microgram/kg/hour and sustained on oral Chlorothiazide at 7 mg/kg/day, as well as Diazoxide at 5 mg/kg/day. Insulin level was raised at 98 pmol, as well as C-peptide at 1812 pmol at the time of hypoglycaemia. Baby has a normal Growth Hormone, cortisol level. Ammonia, plasma Amino Acids were also within normal limits. Baby has clinical and radiological signs of hepatomegaly but normal sized kidneys and pancreas. Echocardiography showed septal and ventricular wall hypertrophy. In view of macrosomia, transverse earlobe crease with post auricular pits,hyperinsulinism and hypoglycaemia genetic test for BWS was sent. The genetic testing showed Hypomethylation at KCNQ10T1:TSS-DMR(11P15.5) confirming Beckwith-weiderman Syndrome (BWS) Conclusion This case exemplified a rare case of Beckwith-weidermann diagnosed in a preterm baby, presenting with Congenital Hyperinsulinism. BWS is associated with preterm delivery in 43% of reported cases. Early suspicion and diagnosis improve outcome.
ASSESSMENT OF ATRIAL CONDUCTION TIME AND P WAVE DISPERSION IN PATIENT WITH GESTATIONAL DIABETES MELLITUS; OBJECTIVE: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a glucose tolerance disorder at any level that starts with pregnancy or is noticed during pregnancy. The risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease has increased in women with GDM during longterm follow-up. DM patients are at high risk for atrial fibrillation, and a significant proportion of patients with atrial fibrillation are diabetic. It is known that prolonged P wave dispersion and electromechanical delay times obtained by tissue Doppler echocardiography are noninvasive predictors of atrial fibrillation development. It is also known that it can predict the development of atrial fibrillation. In our study we aimed to asses atrial conduction time and P wave dispersion in GDM patients. METHODS: 30 patients with GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Atrial electromechanical time (PA) was measured by tissue doppler lateral mitral annulus (PA lateral), septal mitral annulus (PA septum) and right ventricular tricuspid annulus (PA tricuspid). P-wave dispersion (PDD) was obtained by subtracting the minimum P (Pmin) time from the maximum P (Pmax) wave time that can be measured in twelve-lead electrocardiography. The results were compared with GDM and control groups. RESULTS: P wave dispersion was 52.7 ± 5.1 ms in the GDM group and 28.9 ± 4.2 ms in the control group (p <0.001). In the GDM group, PA lateral was 65.7 ± 4.2 ms and in the control group 47.7 ± 4.7 ms (p <0.001).Interatrial, intraatrial and intraleft atrial delay times were significantly higher in the GDM group (median values, respectively, 18ms versus 12ms, (p <0.001); 10ms versus 7.5ms, (p <0.001); 4 ms versus 4 ms, (p <0.001). There was a positive correlation between intraatrial delay time and P wave dispersion in GDM group (r:0,39, p = 0.033). CONCLUSIONS: The main finding of our study was the maximum P wave duration, minimum P wave duration and longer P wave dispersion in the GDM group compared to the controls. In addition, atrial conduction times were longer in GDM group. GDM patients should be monitored for atrial arrhythmias, in addition to blood sugar and gestational follow-up. Patients with high risk for the development of atrial fibrillation can be pre-determined and the formation of diseases, such as stroke, which is the most feared complication, can be prevented in advance.
16th International Congress of Update in Cardiology and Cardiovascular Surgery; The proceedings contain 585 papers. The topics discussed include: the relationship of lumbar T score and heart rate recovery-index in patients with postmenopausal women; evaluation of spatial QRS-T angle in patients with sarcoidosis; factors affecting the recovery of atrioventricular block; a tertiary center experience; fragmented QRS: a new independent predictor of mortality factor in chronic kidney disease patients who have coronary artery calcification; assessment of atrial conduction time and P wave dispersion in patient with gestational diabetes mellitus; contact dermatitis due to ECG electrode; influence of e-cigarette smoking on ventricular repolarization dispersion on healthy individuals; the predictive value of RS time for short term mortality in patients with acute pulmonary embolism; ventricular repolarization indexes in patients treated with hydroxychloroquine-azithromycin combination for COVID-19; and relation between pulse rate and pulmonary embolism in patients with major gastrointestinal oncological surgery.
Application of a prediction model based on the laboratory index score in prelabor rupture of membranes with histologic chorioamnionitis during late pregnancy; Background: This study aimed to establish a prediction model based on the maternal laboratory index score (Lab-score) for histologic chorioamnionitis (HCA) in patients with prelabor rupture of membranes (PROM) during late pregnancy. Material/Methods: Sixty-nine cases of pregnant women with PROM were retrospectively analyzed. The general information and laboratory indicators were compared between the HCA (n=22) and non-HCA (n=47) groups. A multivariate logistic regression method was used to establish the prediction model. We plotted the receiver operating characteristic curve and calculated the area under the curve (AUC). The clinical effectiveness of each model was compared by decision curve analysis. Results: Only C-reactive protein (CRP) in the laboratory index predicted HCA, but its diagnostic efficacy was not ideal (AUC=0.651). Then, we added CRP to the platelet/white blood cell count ratio and triglyceride level to construct the Lab-score. Based on the Lab-score, important clinical parameters, including body mass index, diastolic blood pressure, and preterm birth, were introduced to construct a complex joint prediction model. The AUC of this model was significantly larger than that of CRP (0.828 vs. 0.651, P=0.035), but not significantly different from that of Lab-score (0.828 vs. 0.724, P=0.120). Considering the purpose of HCA screening, the net benefit of the complex model was better than that of Lab-score and CRP. Conclusions: The complex model based on Lab-score is useful in the clinical screening of high-risk populations with PROM and HCA during late pregnancy.
Hormone Replacement Versus Natural Cycle Protocols of Endometrial Preparation for Frozen Embryo Transfer; Research question: Endometrial preparation is one of the most important steps for ensuring frozen embryo transfer success. However, there is no clear evidence that identifies an optimal endometrial preparation protocol for frozen embryo transfer. In addition, in studies that assessed which were the optimal endometrial preparation protocols, few analyzed the stage and the number of embryos. This study compared the pregnancy outcomes and perinatal obstetric complications of patients who were transferred two cleavage-stage (day 2 or day 3) frozen embryos with the natural cycle and those with the hormone replacement therapy cycle. Design: This study was a secondary analysis of data from a multicentre randomized controlled trial designed to compare the pregnancy and perinatal outcomes after frozen versus fresh embryo transfer. In this study, a total of 908 patients who were transferred two cleavage-stage (day 2 or day 3) embryos in the original trial were analyzed. Pregnancy outcomes and perinatal obstetric complications after the natural cycle and the hormone replacement therapy cycle were compared. Result: We found the endometrium in the natural group was significantly thicker than the hormone replacement therapy cycle group (p<0.01). The implantation rate (42.6% vs 37.3% p=0.049) showed a significant difference between the natural cycle group and the hormone replacement therapy cycle group. Compared to the natural cycle group, the hormone replacement therapy cycle group was associated with an increased risk of caesarean section (72.3% vs 84.5, p=0.009). Conclusion: The natural cycle protocol yielded thicker endometria, a higher implantation rate and a lower risk of caesarean section than the hormone replacement therapy protocol in the transfer of two cleavage-stage frozen embryos. The natural cycle protocol was the better endometrial preparation protocol for frozen embryo transfer.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease in adolescence and early adulthood: A population-based birth cohort study; BACKGROUND: It is unclear whether intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with risk factors for cardiovascular disease and related end points in adulthood. We examined this potential association in a population-based birth cohort followed up to age 35 years. METHODS: We performed a cohort study of offspring born between 1979 and 2005 (n = 293 546) and followed until March 2015 in Manitoba, Canada, using registry-based administrative data. The primary exposures were intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The primary outcome was a composite measure of incident cardiovascular disease events, and the secondary outcome was a composite of risk factors for cardiovascular disease in offspring followed up to age 35 years. RESULTS: The cohort provided 3 628 576 person-years of data (mean age at latest follow-up 20.5 [standard deviation 6.4] years, 49.3% female); 2765 (0.9%) of the offspring experienced a cardiovascular disease end point, and 12 673 (4.3%) experienced a cardiovascular disease risk factor. After propensity score matching, the hazard for cardiovascular disease end points was elevated in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.12–1.79) but not type 2 diabetes (adjusted HR 1.40, 95% CI 0.98–2.01). A similar association was observed for cardiovascular disease risk factors (gestational diabetes: adjusted HR 1.92, 95% CI 1.75–2.11; type 2 diabetes: adjusted HR 3.40, 95% CI 3.00–3.85). INTERPRETATION: Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes was associated with higher morbidity and risk related to cardiovascular disease among offspring up to 35 years of age.
Association Between Vitamin D Status and Diabetic Complications in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: A Cross-Sectional Study in Hunan China; Background: Vitamin D status has been linked to diabetes-related complications due to multiple extraskeletal effects. We aimed to investigate the association between vitamin D deficiency (VDD) and diabetic vascular complications, including diabetic retinopathy (DR), diabetic kidney disease (DKD), and diabetic foot ulcers (DFU). Methods: A total of 4,284 Chinese patients with type 2 diabetic mellitus (T2DM) were enrolled into the cross-sectional study. VDD was defined as serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D <50 nmol/L. Demographic data, physical measurements, laboratory measurements, comorbidities, and related medications were collected and analyzed by VDD status. Poisson regression with robust variance estimation and binary logistic regression were performed to explore the relationship between VDD and diabetic complications. Results: The prevalence of VDD, DR, DKD, DFU accounted to 71.7% (95% confidence intervals [CI]: 70.3-73.0%), 28.5% (95% CI: 27.2-29.9%), 28.2% (95% CI: 26.8-29.5%), and 5.7% (95% CI: 5.1-6.5%), respectively. The prevalence ratios (95% CI) for DR and DKD by VDD status, adjusted for demographics, physical measurements, laboratory measurements, related complications, and comorbidities, and medications, were 1.093 (0.983-1.215) and 1.041 (0.937-1.156), respectively. The odds ratio (95% CI) for DFU by VDD status was 1.656 (1.159-2.367) in the final adjusted model. Meanwhile, the prevalence of VDD was significantly higher in patients with DFU compared with patients without DFU. Conclusions: The present study firstly indicated that VDD was significantly associated with a higher prevalence of DFU among Chinese T2DM patients. The association between VDD status and DR or DKD was not significant when adjusting for all potential covariates. Vitamin D screening or supplementation may be beneficial to prevent DFU and improve the prognosis of T2DM patients.
Mechanisms of Endothelial Dysfunction in Pre-eclampsia and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: Windows Into Future Cardiometabolic Health?; Placental insufficiency and adipose tissue dysregulation are postulated to play key roles in the pathophysiology of both pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). A dysfunctional release of deleterious signaling motifs can offset an increase in circulating oxidative stressors, pro-inflammatory factors and various cytokines. It has been previously postulated that endothelial dysfunction, instigated by signaling from endocrine organs such as the placenta and adipose tissue, may be a key mediator of the vasculopathy that is evident in both adverse obstetric complications. These signaling pathways also have significant effects on long term maternal cardiometabolic health outcomes, specifically cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and type II diabetes. Recent studies have noted that both PE and GDM are strongly associated with lower maternal flow-mediated dilation, however the exact pathways which link endothelial dysfunction to clinical outcomes in these complications remains in question. The current diagnostic regimen for both PE and GDM lacks specificity and consistency in relation to clinical guidelines. Furthermore, current therapeutic options rely largely on clinical symptom control such as antihypertensives and insulin therapy, rather than that of early intervention or prophylaxis. A better understanding of the pathogenic origin of these obstetric complications will allow for more targeted therapeutic interventions. In this review we will explore the complex signaling relationship between the placenta and adipose tissue in PE and GDM and investigate how these intricate pathways affect maternal endothelial function and, hence, play a role in acute pathophysiology and the development of future chronic maternal health outcomes.
Severe haemophilia a in a preterm girl with turner syndrome - A case report from the prenatal period to early infancy (part I); Background: Bleedings are more frequent in the population of preterm children than among those born at term, much less in older children. The reasons for such bleedings in preterms include plasma factor deficiencies, immaturity of small vessels in the germinal matrix region, prenatal hypoxia or sepsis. They affect the brain tissue, the gastrointestinal tract and the respiratory system, or are manifested by prolonged bleedings from injection sites. Haemophilia is a rare cause of haemorrhages in the neonatal period, and in the female population it is even seen as an extremely rare disorder. Its aetiology in girls is diverse: inheriting defective genes from their parents, skewed X inactivation or a single X chromosome. Case presentation: The article presents a case of a preterm girl born in the 28th week of pregnancy, who was diagnosed with severe haemophilia A stemming from the absence of the X chromosome. The girl's father is healthy, but her mother's brother suffers from haemophilia. On the second day of the child's life, a prolonged bleeding from the injection site was observed. A coagulation profile revealed prolonged APTT which pointed to haemophilia A diagnosis. Moreover, a marked clinical dysmorphy, female sex and a negative family history on the father's side led the treating team to extend the diagnostic procedures to encompass karyotype evaluation. The girl was diagnosed with Turner syndrome. No bleeding to the central nervous system was observed during her hospital stay. Conclusions: Preterm children belong to the risk group of bleeding into the central nervous system or haemorrhages in the course of sepsis. Rare causes of such bleedings should also be borne in mind, including haemophilia. The initial symptoms of haemophilia in preterm children occur in the first days of their lives, which is connected with a number of invasive procedures required in that period. Genetic conditions may coexist with one another. Arriving at one diagnosis does not mean one should abandon further diagnostic procedures in cases where additional atypical symptoms are present which do not match the clinical image of a primary disease.
Therapeutic Potential of Centella asiatica and Its Triterpenes: A Review; Centella asiatica (also known as Centella asiatica (L.) Urb. or Gotu kola) is a traditional Chinese medicine with extensive medicinal value, which is commonly used in Southeast Asian countries. This study aimed to summarize the effects of C. asiatica and its main components on neurological diseases, endocrine diseases, skin diseases, cardiovascular diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, immune diseases, and gynecological diseases, as well as potential molecular mechanisms, to study the pathological mechanism of these diseases based on the changes at the molecular level. The results showed that C. asiatica and its triterpenoids had extensive beneficial effects on neurological and skin diseases, which were confirmed through clinical studies. They exhibited anti-inflammatory, anti-oxidative stress, anti-apoptotic effects, and improvement in mitochondrial function. However, further clinical studies are urgently required due to the low level of evidence and lack of patients.
Metformin should not be used to treat prediabetes; Based on the results of the Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPPOS), in which metformin significantly decreased the development of diabetes in individuals with baseline fasting plasma glucose (FPG) concentrations of 110–125 vs. 100–109 mg/dL (6.1–6.9 vs. 5.6–6.0 mmol/L) and A1C levels 6.0–6.4% (42–46 mmol/ mol) vs. <6.0% and in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus, it has been suggested that metformin should be used to treat people with prediabetes. Since the association between prediabetes and cardiovascular disease is due to the associated nonglycemic risk factors in people with prediabetes, not to the slightly increased glycemia, the only reason to treat with metformin is to delay or prevent the development of diabetes. There are three reasons not to do so. First, approximately two-thirds of people with prediabetes do not develop diabetes, even after many years. Second, approximately one-third of people with prediabetes return to normal glucose regulation. Third, people who meet the glycemic criteria for prediabetes are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes and thus metformin treatment will not affect this important outcome. Why put people who are not at risk for the microvascular complications of diabetes on a drug (possibly for the rest of their lives) that has no immediate advantage except to lower subdiabetes glycemia to even lower levels? Rather, individuals at the highest risk for developing diabetes-i.e., those with FPG concentrations of 110–125 mg/dL (6.1– 6.9 mmol/L) or A1C levels of 6.0–6.4% (42–46 mmol/mol) or women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus-should be followed closely and metformin im-mediately introduced only when they are diagnosed with diabetes.
Associations of maternal glycemia in the first half of pregnancy with alterations in cardiac structure and function in childhood; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large obser-vational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks’ gestation (95% range 10.5–16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (-0.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI-0.31,-0.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (-0.17 SDS; 95%-0.28,-0.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (P values ≤0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood character-istics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood.
A traditional korean diet alters the expression of circulating micrornas linked to diabetes mellitus in a pilot trial; The traditional Korean diet (K-diet) is considered to be healthy and circulating microRNAs (miRs) have been proposed as useful markers or targets in diet therapy. We, therefore, investigated the metabolic influence of the K-diet by evaluating the expression of plasma and salivary miRs. Ten women aged 50 to 60 years were divided into either a K-diet or control diet (a Westernized Korean diet) group. Subjects were housed in a metabolic unit-like condition during the two-week dietary intervention. Blood and saliva samples were collected before and after the intervention, and changes in circulating miRs were screened by an miR array and validated by individual RT-qPCRs. In the K-diet group, eight plasma miRs were down-regulated by array (p < 0.05), out of which two miRs linked to diabetes mellitus, hsa-miR26a-5p and hsa-miR126-3p, were validated (p < 0.05). Among five down-regulated salivary miRs, hsa-miR-92-3p and hsa-miR-122a-5p were validated, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, acute coronary syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In the control diet group, validated were down-regulated plasma hsa-miR-25-3p and salivary hsa-miR-31-5p, which are associated with diabetes mellitus, adipogenesis and obesity. The K-diet may influence the metabolic conditions associated with diabetes mellitus, as evidenced by changes in circulating miRs, putative biomarkers for K-diet.
Gestational diabetes type 2: Variation in high-density lipoproteins composition and function; Aims: Class A2 gestational diabetes mellitus (GDMA2) has short-and long-term effects on the mother and child. These may include abnormalities of placentation, damage to endothelial cells and cardiovascular disease. This research investigated the function and composition of high-density lipoproteins (HDL) among women with GDMA2 and their fetuses. Methods: Thirty pregnant women were recruited during admission for delivery. The function and expression of HDL, paraoxonase1 (PON1) and apolipoprotein A1 (APOA1) in the blood samples and the placental tissue were evaluated. The effect of HDL on migration of endothelial cells was measured in vitro. Results: Compared to normal pregnancy (NP), APOA1 in the maternal plasma of women with GDMA2 was decreased. More APOA1 and PON1 were released from HDL of women with GDMA2, compared to NP. Placental APOA1 and PON1 were decreased in GDMA2. For endothelial cells stimulated with TNFα, HDL cell migration was decreased when cells were evaluated with NP-HDL, as compared to GDMA2-HDL. Conclusions: GDMA2 affects the composition and function of HDL in plasma. Changes in HDL commonly seen in GDMA2 were observed in maternal and placental samples, but not in cord samples. These results might indicate a placental role in protecting the fetus by preserving the components and functions of HDL and require further investigation.
Duration of lactation and maternal risk of metabolic syndrome: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death of women across all ages, and targeting modifiable risk factors, such as those comprised in metabolic syndrome (MetS) (e.g., waist circumference, lipid profile, blood pressure, and blood glucose), is of great importance. An inverse association between lactation and CVD has been suggested, and lactation may decrease the risk of MetS. This systematic review and meta-analysis examined how lactation may affect the development and prevalence of MetS in women. A literature search was performed using Cinahl, Embase, Web of Science, and PubMed. A total of 1286 citations were identified, and finally, ten studies (two prospective and eight cross-sectional) were included. Seven studies (two prospective and five cross-sectional) revealed associations between lactation and MetS, suggesting that breastfeeding might prevent or improve metabolic health and have a protective role in MetS prevention. This protective role might be related to the duration of lactation; however, a lack of controlling for potential confounders, such as parity, might inflict the results. The pooled effect was non-conclusive. Additional research is required to further explore the duration of lactation and its potential role in improving or reversing MetS and its components.
Restless legs syndrome during pregnancy and 12 weeks postpartum and its links to cardiovascular diseases, stressful life events, and psychiatric history; Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is highly prevalent among pregnant women. In the present study, a neurological–obstetrical sample of 561 postpartum women was retrospectively screened for RLS symptoms during pregnancy and in the first 12 weeks postpartum. The first screening took place within 1 to 6 days of delivery (T0) and the second 12 weeks after childbirth (T1). The pregnancy-related RLS prevalence rate was found to be 21% (n = 119), with the women suffering from RLS being more often affected by psychiatric history and having been more exposed to stressful life events. They were also found to have experienced baby blues more frequently shortly after childbirth. However, RLS in pregnancy did not appear to have any effect on the development of postpartum depression. Additionally, a positive trend was observed toward an association between pregnancy-related RLS and gestational diabetes and hypertension. Of the 119 women, 23 (19.3%) remained affected by RLS 12 weeks postpartum. Body mass index (BMI), weight gain, parity, childbearing history, or chronic stress exposure in pregnancy as measured by hair cortisol were not found to be linked to RLS. In summary, a comprehensive understanding of the interaction of clinical, environmental, and anamnestic factors can help shed valuable light on this pregnancy-related condition.
Amniotic fluid embolism and management of coagulopathy: A case report with successful outcome; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare and potentially catastrophic condition unique to pregnancy. Presentation may range from subtle clinical events to sudden and fatal maternal cardiorespiratory arrest, with a reported incidence of 2–6 in 100,000 deliveries and mortality of 15–60%. Management should include immediate high-grade resuscitation for AFE presenting as cardiac arrest, involvement of multidisciplinary team, provision of adequate ventilator and circulatory support, treatment of coagulopathy precipitated by AFE, and immediate delivery of the foetus in cases of cardiac arrest. The following case report involves a patient with suspected AFE post-induction of labour with favourable maternal and neonatal outcome in our local setting. The management of coagulopathy in AFE is further discussed, including use of massive transfusion protocols, pharmacological agents and recombinant factor VIIa.
Polycystic ovary Syndrome in Adolescents: Pitfalls in Diagnosis and Management; Purpose of Review: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the commonest endocrine disorder during a woman’s reproductive lifespan, with well-documented diagnostic criteria and therapeutic strategies in adults; the same is not necessarily true for adolescents. The purpose of this review was to identify frequent pitfalls in PCOS diagnosis and management during adolescence. Recent Findings: Although there is no global consensus on the definition, most experts converge to the presence of both oligo/amenorrhea and (clinical and/or biochemical) hyperandrogenism, as a prerequisite for diagnosis in adolescents. The former criterion includes: (a) consecutive menstrual intervals > 90 days even in the first year after menarche; (b) menstrual intervals persistently < 21 or > 45 days for ≥ 2 years after menarche; or (c) lack of menses by the age of 15 or 2–3 years after pubarche. However, these menstrual irregularity patterns may overlap with other common entities in adolescents, such as frequent or infrequent uterine bleeding or anovulation due to immaturity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. Clinical signs of hyperandrogenism are obscure, without well-validated criteria. Finally, the criterion of polycystic morphology cannot be safely used in adolescents, mostly due to technical limitations of the transabdominal ultrasound. Except for the efficacy of lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese adolescents with PCOS, limited and low-quality data exist regarding the available medications, such as oral contraceptives, metformin, and anti-androgens. Summary: Individualized management, guided by clinical experience and research data and close monitoring appear the most effective approach in this PCOS population for optimal control of its reproductive and metabolic outcomes. Research focusing on PCOS genetic and molecular mechanisms may elucidate what diagnostic and therapeutic strategies will be most appropriate in adolescents with PCOS in the future.
High glucose condition inhibits trophoblast proliferation, migration and invasion by downregulating placental growth factor expression; Aim: This study aimed to investigate the effect of high glucose (HG) level on the proliferation, migration and invasion of trophoblasts and determine the role of placental growth factor (PLGF) in the process. Methods: HTR8-S/Vneo was treated with different concentrations of d-glucose (0, 10, 15, 20, 25 and 30 μM) at different times (0, 6, 12 and 24 h). qRT-PCR and Western blot analyses were used to measure PLGF expression. The protein level of PLGF was measured by immunofluorescence. Cell proliferation was assessed with CCK-8 analysis. Wound healing and transwell assays were used to evaluate cell migration and invasion. Intercellular ROS was detected with DCFH-DA. Results: After d-glucose treatment, the viability decreased in 25 and 30 μM groups. The HG group (25 μM) showed inhibited cell migration and invasion ability. The mRNA and protein levels of PLGF decreased under HG condition. Elevated ROS production was also detected in the HG group. Knocked-down PLGF expression enhanced increased ROS production and decreased cell migration and invasion, which reverted to the original levels after PLGF was overexpressed. Conclusion: High glucose treatment inhibited HTR8-S/Vneo viability, migration and invasion by downregulating PLGF expression.
Role of glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues on obesity and type-ii diabetes mellitus: A review; Obesity and diabetes are closely related to each other as about 80% diabetics are obese; weight reduction in such obese patients produces improvement in the diabetic state. Diabetes is caused by the absence of insulin secretion due to either the progressive or marked inability of the β-Langerhans islet cells of the pancreas to produce insulin, or due to defects in insulin uptake in the peripheral tissue. Obesity is linked to many medical, psychological, and social conditions, the most devastating of which may be type-II diabetes mellitus. Obesity increases the risk of T-IIDM. Increased release of Non-esterified fatty acids is observed in T-IIDM and in obesity, and it is associated with insulin resistance in both conditions. Shortly after an acute increase of plasma NEFA levels in humans, insulin resistance starts to develop. Thus, targeting the incretin system has become an important therapeutic approach for treating T-IIDM. Incretinmimetics are a new class of antidiabetes drugs. They bind to and activate GLP-1 receptors on pancreatic beta-cells following which insulin secretion and synthesis are initiated. Glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists or incretinmimetics, are agonists of the GLP-1 receptor used for the treatment of T-IIDM, in addition to that it has a good and beneficial effect on weight loss and one of their advantages over older insulin secretagogues, such as sulfonylureas or meglitinides, is that they have a lower risk of causing hypoglycaemia. The present article is a basic review of various relevant literatures for efficacy, safety and clinical applicability of Glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues on T-IIDM and weight management in adults with overweight or obesity. The development of new therapies for the treatment of T-IIDM that in addition to maintaining glycaemic control, which could reduce body weight and hypoglycaemia risk may help in patient management. The review concludes that Glucagon-like peptide-1 analogues also had a good effect on the weight loss so that obese patients could benefit from it, whether they had diabetes or not. Thus, new approaches in managing and preventing diabetes in obese individuals must be studied and investigated based on these facts.
LACHT syndrome (Mardini–Nyhan association) with tracheal stenosis in a Thai newborn; LACHT syndrome, or Mardini–Nyhan association, is an ultra-rare disorder, diagnosed solely by the clinical characteristics of lung agenesis, complex cardiac defects, and thumb anomalies. Only 12 patients have been reported worldwide, and here, we report a new clinical diagnosis of LACHT syndrome. Our patient was a male full-term newborn with left lung agenesis, congenital heart defects including ventricular septal defect, right-sided aortic arch, with aberrant left subclavian artery and Kommerell diverticulum, as well as left preaxial polydactyly and hemivertebra. Our patient appears to be the second LACHT syndrome case to also suffer from tracheal stenosis, which has only been reported once before in conjunction with this syndrome. In light of this, tracheal stenosis may be a phenotype for LACHT syndrome.
Liver disease in pregnancy; Development of liver diseases during pregnancy is not uncommon. They are caused by either a disorder that is unique to pregnancy or an acute or chronic liver disease that already exists or coincidentally develops as a comorbidity of pregnancy. Liver diseases unique to pregnancy include hyperemesis gravidarum; hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia/eclampsia; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome; intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Chronic liver diseases that affect pregnancy, or are affected by pregnancy, mainly include autoimmune liver diseases and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Prompt diagnosis and management of liver diseases in pregnancy, while very challenging, is extremely important, as they might cause adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Therefore, a multidisciplinary, collaborative approach involving both hepatologists and obstetricians is required. In this review article, the up-to-date epidemiology, etiology, clinical features, and outcomes of liver diseases in pregnancy are discussed, to promote a deeper understanding among physicians, and subsequently improved outcomes.
Stillbirth is associated with increased risk of long-term maternal renal disease: a nationwide cohort study; Background: Stillbirth is a devastating adverse pregnancy outcome that may occur without any obvious reason or may occur in the context of fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, or other obstetric complications. There is increasing evidence that women who experience stillbirths are at greater risk of long-term cardiovascular disease, but little is known about their risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease. We conducted the largest study to date to investigate the subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease following stillbirth. Objective: To identify whether pregnancy complicated by stillbirth is associated with subsequent risk of maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease, independent of underlying medical or obstetric comorbidities. Study Design/Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study using nationwide data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, National Patient Register, and Swedish Renal Register. We included all women who had live births and stillbirths from 1973 to 2012, with follow-up to 2013. Women with preexisting renal disease were excluded. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals for associations between stillbirth and maternal chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease respectively. We controlled for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, body mass index, smoking, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and small for gestational age deliveries. Women who had a history of medical comorbidities, which may predispose to renal disease (prepregnancy cardiovascular disease, hypertension, diabetes, lupus, systemic sclerosis, hemoglobinopathy, or coagulopathy), were excluded from the main analysis and examined separately. Results: There were 1,941,057 unique women who had 3,755,444 singleton pregnancies, followed up over 42,313,758 person-years. The median follow-up time was 20.7 years (interquartile range, 9.9–30.0 years). 13,032 women (0.7%) had at least 1 stillbirth. Women who had experienced at least 1 stillbirth had a greater risk of developing chronic kidney disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 1.09–1.45) and end-stage renal disease (adjusted hazard ratio, 2.25; 95% confidence interval, 1.55–3.25) compared with women who only had live births. These associations persisted after removing all stillbirths that occurred in the context of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age or congenital malformations (for chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.33; 95% confidence interval, 1.13–1.57; for end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 2.95; 95% confidence interval, CI 1.86–4.68). There was no significant association observed between stillbirth and either chronic kidney disease or end-stage renal disease in women who had preexisting medical comorbidities (chronic kidney disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.13; 95% confidence interval, 0.73–1.75 or end-stage renal disease, adjusted hazard ratio, 1.49; 95% confidence interval, 0.78–2.85). Conclusion: Women who have a history of stillbirth may be at increased risk of chronic kidney disease and end-stage renal disease compared with women who have only had live births. This association persists independently of preeclampsia, and small for gestational age, maternal smoking, obesity, and medical comorbidities. Further research is required to determine whether affected women would benefit from closer surveillance and follow-up for future renal disease.
The Role of Sex-Specific Risk Factors in the Risk Assessment of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease for Primary Prevention in Women; Purpose of Review: Robust evidence is emerging regarding the contribution of sex-specific risk factors to a woman’s unique risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD). This review summarizes the available literature regarding the association of sex-specific risk factors and ASCVD in women. Recent Findings: The American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association Guidelines recommend estimation of 10-year risk of a first ASCVD event using the 2013 Pooled Cohort Equations. This can be further personalized by identifying sex-specific risk factors present in a woman’s history. There are multiple vulnerable periods across a woman’s life course that are associated with increased risk of ASCVD. Risk factors across the reproductive life course that have been shown to correlate with higher risk for future ASCVD include early menarche, adverse pregnancy outcomes (such as pre-eclampsia or preterm birth), and early natural or surgical menopause. In addition, certain conditions that are more common among women, including autoimmune diseases, history of chest irradiation, and certain chemotherapies, also need to be considered. Finally, risk assessment can be refined with subclinical disease imaging (coronary calcium score) if there remains uncertainty about clinical management with lipid-lowering therapies for primary prevention after inclusion of these risk enhancers. Summary: Risk assessment for ASCVD in women requires a personalized approach that incorporates sex-specific risk factors to guide primary prevention measures, such as lipid-lowering therapies. Coronary calcium score imaging may also help further refine risk assessment, but no clinical trials conducted to date have addressed this question.
Amniotic fluid embolism or anaphylactoid syndrome of pregnancy? A narrative update; The term amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is dating from 1941, when a pathological description, made 20 years before, received clinical significance and a name. It is a very rare obstetrical emergency with poor prognosis. Many studies have shown that the AFE is a misnomer, representing not a true embolism, but an anaphylactoid reaction associated with pregnancy, characterized by sudden cardiovascular collapse, hypoxia and disseminated intravascular coagulation. Along with pathophysiology, diagnosis and management, the authors also present the legal considerations of AFE.
Pregnancy outcome among women with drug dependence: A population-based cohort study of 14 million births; Objective: Drug dependence is on the rise worldwide. The purpose of this study is to examine the association between drug dependency in pregnancy (DDP) and maternal and newborn outcomes. Methods: We carried out a population-based retrospective cohort study evaluating DDP using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2014. DDP was identified using ICD-9 coding. The associations between DDP and maternal and newborn outcomes were estimated using multivariate logistic regression analyses to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95 % confidence intervals. Results: Among 14,513,587 deliveries, 50,570 were to mothers with DDP for an overall prevalence of 35 cases/10,000 deliveries. The rate of pregnancies to drug-dependent women increased during the 15-year study period, from approximately 25/10,000 in 1999 to 69/10,000 in 2014. Women with DDP were younger in age, users of tobacco, and in lower income quartiles with more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes and hypertension. DDP was associated with greater risk of venous thromboembolism (OR 1.60; 95 % CI, 1.45−1.76), sepsis (OR 2.94; 95 % CI, 2.48−3.49), and maternal death (OR 2.77; 95 % CI, 1.88−4.08). Neonates born to mothers with drug dependence were at higher risk of prematurity (OR 1.37; 95 % CI, 1.33−1.41), intrauterine growth restriction (OR 1.60; 95 % CI, 1.54−1.67), and intrauterine fetal death (OR 1.27; 95 % CI, 1.16−1.40). Conclusion: DDP is increasing in frequency and it is associated with maternal and newborn deaths and adverse events. Further research and public health initiatives should be undertaken to address prevention, screening, and treatment.
Lower gestational age is associated with severe maternal morbidity of preterm cesarean delivery; Objective: To evaluate whether gestational age was associated with the severe maternal morbidity (SMM) of preterm cesarean delivery between 22 and 34 weeks of gestation (weeks). Material and methods: We performed an observational retrospective cohort study in two tertiary university hospitals in 2018. We included all mothers of preterm infants born by caesarean delivery between 22 and 34 weeks, excluding mothers with multiple births greater than two, with pregnancy terminations or stillbirths, and who died unrelated to obstetrical causes. The principal endpoint, SMM, was a composite outcome (classical uterine incision, postpartum hemorrhage defined by blood loss ≥ 500 mL, blood transfusion, any injury to adjacent organs, unplanned procedure/need for reintervention, Intensive Care Unit (ICU) stay longer than 24 h, postpartum fever, and/or death). Results: Among the 252 women, SMM occurred in 89 (35.3 %) cases. After multivariate analysis, gestational age was independently associated with SMM (adjusted Odds Ratio [aOR] 0.87; 95 % Confidence Interval [CI] 0.78−0.97). The other variables statistically associated with SMM were type of pregnancy with a negative association with twin pregnancy (aOR, 0.44; 95 % CI, 0.20−0.93) and a positive association with general anesthesia (aOR, 2.52; 95 % CI, 1.25−5.13). A sensitivity analysis was performed and found an association, at the limit of significance, between gestational age < 28 weeks and SMM (aOR, 1.80; 95 % CI, 0.99−3.27, p = 0.05). Conclusion: Lower gestational age was associated with the risk of SMM for preterm caesarean delivery between 22 and 34 weeks. Obstetricians should integrate this knowledge into their shared decision-making processes with parents.
Pregnancy Complications, Cardiovascular Risk Factors, and Future Heart Disease; Heart disease is the leading cause of mortality in adult women. Beyond the traditional risk factors of obesity, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia, women with the pregnancy complications of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, prematurity, and low birth weight for gestational age (fetal growth restriction) are at higher risk for later development of cardiovascular disease. Education of women and providers about the association of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease should begin in the postpartum period. Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening and lifestyle modifications should be considered standard of care and are essential to improving cardiac health as a preventive strategy.
Gestational Diabetes: Importance of Follow-up Screening for the Benefit of Long-term Health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common obstetric metabolic disorder. Long-term health consequences, including type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease, are common with GDM. Postpartum glucose screening is recommended for women with a prior GDM pregnancy. Rates of postpartum screening compliance remain low. Interventions ranging from appointment reminder systems to personalized chronic disease education are being used, emphasizing future chronic disease risk for patients with a history of GDM. With these practice changes, clinicians can more thoroughly engage in the early identification, intervention, and prevention of chronic disease for women with a history of GDM.
Pregnancy as a model for aging; The process of aging can be defined as the sum accumulation of damages and changes in metabolism during the life of an organism, due to both genetic predisposition and stochastic damage. During the gestational period and following parturition, similar damage can be seen due to the strenuous effect on the maternal body, exhibited on both the physiological and cellular level. In this review, we will focus on the similar physiological and cellular characteristics exhibited during pregnancy and aging, including induction of and response to oxidative stress, inflammation, and degradation of telomeres. We will evaluate any similar processes between aging and pregnancy by comparing common biomarkers, pathologies, and genetic and epigenetic effects, to establish the pregnant body as a model for aging. This review will approach the connection both in respect to current theories on aging as a byproduct of natural selection, and regarding unrelated biochemical similarities between the two, drawing on existing studies and models in humans and other species where relevant alike. Furthermore, we will show the response of the pregnant body to these changes, and through that illuminate unique areas of potential study to advance our knowledge of the maladies relating to aging and pregnancy, and an avenue for solutions.
Adipocytokines: Are they the Theory of Everything?; Introduction: Adipose tissue secretes various bioactive peptides/proteins, immune molecules and inflammatory mediators which are known as adipokines or adipocytokines. Adipokines play important roles in the maintenance of energy homeostasis, appetite, glucose and lipid metabolism, insulin sensitivity, angiogenesis, immunity and inflammation. Enormous number of studies from all over the world proved that adipocytokines are involved in the pathogenesis of diseases affecting nearly all body systems, which raises the question whether we can always blame adipocytokines as the triggering factor of every disease that may hit the body. Objective: Our review targeted the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems including diabetes mellitus, kidney diseases, gynecological diseases, rheumatologic disorders, cancers, Alzheimer's, depression, muscle disorders, liver diseases, cardiovascular and lung diseases. Methodology: We cited more than 33 recent literature reviews that discussed the role played by adipocytokines in the pathogenesis of different diseases affecting different body systems. Conclusion: More evidence is being discovered to date about the role played by adipocytokines in more diseases and extra research is needed to explore hidden roles played by adipokine imbalance on disease pathogenesis.
Cantú syndrome versus Zimmermann-Laband syndrome: Report of nine individuals with ABCC9 variants; Cantú syndrome (CS) is a rare developmental disorder characterized by a coarse facial appearance, macrocephaly, hypertrichosis, skeletal and cardiovascular anomalies and caused by heterozygous gain-of-function variants in ABCC9 and KCNJ8, encoding subunits of heterooctameric ATP-sensitive potassium (KATP) channels. CS shows considerable clinical overlap with Zimmermann-Laband syndrome (ZLS), a rare condition with coarse facial features, hypertrichosis, gingival overgrowth, intellectual disability of variable degree, and hypoplasia or aplasia of terminal phalanges and/or nails. ZLS is caused by heterozygous gain-of-function variants in KCNH1 or KCNN3, and gain-of-function KCNK4 variants underlie the clinically similar FHEIG (facial dysmorphism, hypertrichosis, epilepsy, intellectual disability/developmental delay, and gingival overgrowth) syndrome; KCNH1, KCNN3 and KCNK4 encode potassium channels. Within our research project on ZLS, we performed targeted Sanger sequencing of ABCC9 in 15 individuals tested negative for a mutation in the ZLS-associated genes and found two individuals harboring a heterozygous pathogenic ABCC9 missense variant. Through a collaborative effort, we identified a total of nine individuals carrying a monoallelic ABCC9 variant: five sporadic patients and four members of two unrelated families. Among the six detected ABCC9 missense variants, four [p.(Pro252Leu), p.(Thr259Lys), p.(Ala1064Pro), and p.(Arg1197His)] were novel. Systematic assessment of the clinical features in the nine cases with an ABCC9 variant highlights the significant clinical overlap between ZLS and CS that includes early developmental delay, hypertrichosis, gingival overgrowth, joint laxity, and hypoplasia of terminal phalanges and nails. Gain of K+ channel activity possibly accounts for significant clinical similarities of CS, ZLS and FHEIG syndrome and defines a new subgroup of potassium channelopathies.
Using dinoprostone vaginal insert for induction of labor: A single institute experience; Objective: To evaluate the factors associated with the successful induction of labor (IOL) in women treated with dinoprostone slow-released vaginal insert. Material and methods: A retrospective study was conducted between June 2017 and December 2017, enrolling 65 patients who underwent dinoprostone slow-released vaginal insert-induced labor. The correlation between the characteristics of the pregnant women and its success, as well as perinatal complications and adverse outcomes were analyzed. Results: Fifty-three of 65 (81.5%) achieved a successful vaginal delivery. Only multi-parous pregnant women were an independent predictor factor for successful induction after dinoprostone slow-released vaginal insert, since all of them succeeded after this strategy treatment (100%, n = 18), compared to 74.5% (35/47) of successful rate in the nulliparous pregnant women with a statistically significant difference (p = 0.018). There were no adverse events occurred in both mothers and their offspring. Conclusion: Dinoprostone slow-released vaginal insert is a good choice for multiparous pregnant women who need IOL, regardless of which reasons are indicated. For nulliparous women, more studies might be needed to evaluate the effectiveness of PGE2 for IOL.
Associations of maternal glycemia in the first half of pregnancy with alterations in cardiac structure and function in childhood; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus has been associated with offspring cardiac congenital malformations, ventricular hypertrophy, and diastolic dysfunction in large observational cohort studies and experimental animal models. We assessed the associations of maternal random glucose concentrations across the full range with childhood cardiac ventricular structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS In a population-based prospective cohort among 1,959 women and their offspring, maternal random glucose concentrations were measured at a median 13.1 weeks' gestation (95% range 10.5-16.8 weeks). We obtained offspring cardiac outcomes, relative to body size, through cardiac MRI at 10 years. RESULTS The mean maternal random glucose concentration was 4.4 mmol/L (SD 0.8). The highest quintile of maternal glucose concentrations, compared with the lowest quintile, was associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass (20.19 SD score [SDS]; 95% CI 20.31, 20.07) and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (20.17 SDS; 95% 20.28, 20.05). Also, higher maternal glucose concentrations across the full range per 1 mmol/L increase were associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume (P values ≤0.05). Adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, gestational age, and weight at birth or childhood BMI and blood pressure did not influence the effect estimates. Maternal glucose concentrations were not significantly associated with childhood right ventricular end-diastolic volume or left and right ventricular ejection fraction. CONCLUSIONS Higher maternal random glucose concentrations in the first half of pregnancy are associated with a lower childhood left ventricular mass and left ventricular end-diastolic volume, with the strongest associations for childhood left ventricular mass. These associations were not explained by maternal, birth, or childhood characteristics. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings using repeated maternal glucose measurements throughout pregnancy and offspring cardiac outcomes throughout childhood and adulthood.
Lockdown with a Price: The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on prenatal care and perinatal outcomes in a tertiary care center; Background: The World Health Organization classified coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) as a pandemic and recommends strict restrictions regarding most aspects of daily activities. Objectives: To evaluate whether the pandemic has changed the prenatal care and pregnancy outcome in pregnant women without COVID-19. Methods: The authors conducted a cross-sectional study to describe changes in outpatient clinic visits and to compare the rates of cesarean and instrumental deliveries between two periods of time: March-April 2020 (during the COVID-19 outbreak) with March-April of the preceding year, 2019. Results: During the COVID-19 outbreak, visits to obstetric triage, gynecologic triage, high-risk clinic, and ultrasound unit decreased by 36.4%, 34.7%, 32.8%, and 18.1%, respectively. The medical center experienced a 17.8% drop in the total number of births (610 births) compared with March and April 2019 (742 births). During the outbreak women were more likely to be nulliparous (33.3% vs. 27.6%, P= 0.02) and present with hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (7.5% vs. 4%, P= 0.005) or gestational diabetes (13% vs. 10%, P = 0.03). More epidural analgesia was used (83.1% vs. 77.1%, P = 0.006). There were more operative vaginal deliveries during the outbreak (16.7% vs. 6.8%, P= 0.01). All other maternal and neonatal outcomes were comparable between the two periods. Conclusions: The medical facility experienced a major decline in all aspects of the routine obstetrics activities during the time of the pandemic. The higher rate of operative vaginal deliveries among nulliparous may be associated with the pandemic effect on the rate of high-risk patients.
Perinatal outcomes in infants of mothers with diabetes in pregnancy; Background: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing in parallel to the worldwide obesity and type 2 diabetes pandemic. Both GDM and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) are associated with short- and long-term consequences in the offspring. There are few recent studies addressing outcomes of newborns born to women diagnosed with GDM and PGDM in Israel. Objectives: To assess perinatal complications in offspring of women with GDM and PGDM. Methods: The authors conducted a single-center retrospective case-control study of outcomes of all newborns whose mothers had been diagnosed with diabetes in pregnancy compared to randomly assigned controls born on the same date, whose mothers had no diabetes. Results: In the study period 2015-2017, 526 mothers diagnosed with GDM or PGDM and their newborn infants were identified. The authors randomly assigned 526 control infants. The rate of women with diabetes in pregnancy was 5.0%. Mothers with GDM and PGDM had higher rates of pre-eclampsia, multiple pregnancies, and preterm deliveries. Mothers with PGDM had significantly higher rates of intrauterine fetal demise (4.3%), congenital anomalies (12.8%), and small-for-gestational-age neonates (10.6%) compared to controls (0%, 3.2%, and 4.2%, respectively, P< 0.001). The risks for preterm or cesarean delivery, large-for-gestational-age neonate, respiratory morbidity, hypoglycemia, and polycythemia were increased in offspring of mothers with diabetes, especially PGDM. Conclusions: Despite all the advancements in prenatal care, diabetes in pregnancy, both PGDM and GDM, is still associated with significant morbidities and complications in offspring. Better preconception and inter-pregnancy care might reduce these risks.
Diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a complex group of chronic diseases with different etiology, clinical course and evolution, in which hyperglycemia is their common link, triggering defects in insulin secretion and/or its mechanism of action causing disorders in distinct organs and systems. Diabetes is classified according with its etiology, highlighting type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, and other types, mainly monogenic diabetes (MODY) or associated to other conditions. A rapid onset of hyperglycemia can cause acute complications (diabetic ketoacidosis, hypoglycemia), or chronic ones occurring mainly both at the micro- (retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy) and at the macrovascular level (ischemic heart disease, stroke, peripheral arterial disease). Diagnostic criteria are based on fasting blood glucose, postprandial blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin levels, distinguishing among prediabetes or diabetes. Deeper medical assessment is required in order to know the baseline status of the patient to detect comorbidities and vascular complications already present. Patient has to be trained in the diabetes management from the beginning, and follow-up planning has to be stablished.
Prevention of complicationsand several other relevant risk factors of type 2 diabetes(T2D)at a hospital in Vietnam; Diabetes has a significant incidence of illness, health care effects and lead to a high mortality rate due to its complications in both developed and developing countries so far. Diabetes can be divided into three main types: Type 1 diabetes, Type 2 diabetes and Gestational diabetes, the most common type is Type 2 diabetes (T2D). Our work focuses on researching the relationship of complications and their cost of treatment in order to make the treatment plan and minimize its costs in at the Thanh Nhan hospital in Hanoi, Vietnam. Therefore, the research results show that there are many different types and rates of complications of T2D depending on key factors such as: age and duration of the disease, by determining the complication rate and analyzing multivariate logistic regression models to find the risk factors associated with an increase in the number of complications of the disease from the Social Science Package Statistics (SPSS) software and other.
Case report of new born with low spo2 during sleep; Baby 1-week-old boy born at 37 weeks' gestational age through spontaneous vaginal delivery. The pregnancy was complicated by maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. The Apgar score was 9 at both 1 minute and 5 minutes after birth. Because of hypoglycemia at delivery that required IV dextrose, he was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit. His blood glucose levels quickly stabilized, dextrose administration was discontinued, and the patient began breast-feeding. On day 2 of life, the patient began having intermittent oxygen desaturation, with oxygen saturation as measured by pulse oximetry down to 70% while sleeping; Aside from the hypoxia, he was otherwise asymptomatic. He was breast-feeding without difficulty and had no vomiting or gastroesophageal reflux; no cyanosis, stridor, or snoring; and no seizure-like activity or hypertonicity.
Is It Safe to Manage Acute Cholecystitis Nonoperatively during Pregnancy?: A Nationwide Analysis of Morbidity According to Management Strategy; Objectives:To compare cholecystectomy (CCY) and nonoperative treatment (no-CCY) for acute cholecystitis in pregnancy.Summary of Background Data:Current Society of Gastrointestinal and Endoscopic Surgery guidelines recommend CCY over nonoperative management of acute cholecystitis during pregnancy, and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend medically necessary surgery regardless of trimester. This approach has been recently questioned.Methods:Pregnant women admitted with acute cholecystitis were identified using the Nationwide Readmission Database 2010-2015. Propensity-score adjusted logistic regression models were used to compare CCY and no-CCY. The primary outcome was a composite measure of adverse maternal-fetal outcomes (intrauterine death/stillbirth, poor fetal growth, abortion, preterm delivery, C-section, obstetric bleeding, infection of the amniotic fluid, venous thromboembolism).Results:There were 6390 pregnant women with acute cholecystitis: 38.2% underwent CCY, of which 5.1% were open. Patients were more likely to be managed operatively in their second trimester (First 43.9%, Second 59.1%, Third 34.2%; P < 0.01). Patients managed with CCY did not differ in age, insurance, income, Charlson Comorbidity Index, diabetes or obesity when compared to no-CCY (all P > 0.05), but were less likely to have a previous C-section, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia or be in the third trimester (P ≤ 0.01). Risk-adjusted analyses showed that no-CCY was associated with significantly increased maternal-fetal complications during the index admission [odds ratio 3.0 (95% confidence interval 2.08-4.34), P < 0.01] and 30-day readmissions [odds ratio 1.61 (confidence interval % CI 1.12-2.32), P < 0.01].Conclusions:Contrary to current guidelines, most pregnant women admitted in the US with acute cholecystitis are managed nonoperatively. This is associated with over twice the odds of maternal-fetal complications in addition to increased readmissions.
A case report of severe tuberous sclerosis complex detected in utero and linked to a novel duplication in the TSC2 gene; Background: Disease severity is tremendously variable in tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC). In contrast with the detailed guidelines available for TSC diagnosis and management, clinical practice lacks adequate tools to evaluate the prognosis, especially in the case of in utero diagnosis. In addition, the correlation between genotypes and phenotypes remains a challenge, in part due to the large number of mutations linked to TSC. In this report, we describe a case of severe TSC diagnosed in utero and associated with a specific mutation in the gene tuberous sclerosis complex 2 (TSC2). Case presentation: A mother was referred for a thorough investigation following the observation by ultrasound of cardiac abnormalities in her fetus. The mother was healthy and reported frequent, intense and long-lasting hiccups/spasms in the fetus. The fetus of gestational age 33 weeks and 4 days was found to have multiple cardiac tumors with cardiac ultrasound. Brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) performed in utero revealed the presence of sub-ependymal nodules and of abnormal signals disseminated in the white matter, in the cerebral cortex and in the cerebellum. Following diagnosis of definite TSC, pregnancy interruption was chosen by the parents. Genetic testing of the fetus exposed a duplication in exon 41 of TSC2 (c.5169dupA), which was absent in the parents. The autopsy ascertained the high severity of brain damage characterized by an extensive disorganisation of white and grey matter in most cerebral lobes. Conclusions: This case presentation is the first to depict the association between a de novo TSC2 c.5169dupA and multi-organ manifestation together with indications of a particularly high disease severity. This report can help physicians to perform early clinical diagnosis of TSC and to evaluate the prognosis.
Birth Size as a Determinant of Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Children; The association between birth size and cardiometabolic disease risk may be U-shaped. Being born small for gestational age (SGA) has a definitive association with later cardiovascular risk, but the impact of being born large for gestational age (LGA) on cardiometabolic health is more controversial. In addition to birth size, early postnatal growth pattern and later weight gain affect cardiometabolic risk in adulthood. Most SGA-born children have catch-up and LGA-born children have catch-down growth during the first years of life. The extent of this early compensatory growth may contribute to the adverse health outcomes. Both SGA-and LGA-born children are at an increased risk for overweight and obesity. This may have a long-Term impact on cardiometabolic health as overweight tends to track to adulthood. Other cardiometabolic risk factors, including alterations in glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and low-grade inflammation are associated with birth weight. Many of these risk factors are related to overweight or adverse fat distribution. Since later cardiometabolic risk is often mediated by early growth pattern and later overweight in SGA and LGA children, it is important to focus on staying normal weight throughout life. Hence, effective interventions to reduce cardiometabolic risk in LGA and SGA children should be developed.
Genetic polymorphisms in neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes associated with pre-pregnancy obesity in gestational diabetes mellitus patients by using a stratification approach; Background: Certain candidate genes have been associated with obesity. The goal of this study is to determine the association between thirteen neuroendocrine disorder-related candidate genes and prepregnancy obesity among gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients using the stratification approach defined the Asian and International criteria-based body mass index (BMI). Methods: This was a post-hoc case-control exploratory sub-analysis of a cross-sectional study among GDM women to determine which candidate single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) related to neuroendocrine disorders may be associated with obesity. Factors were adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics and concurrent medical problems in this particular population. Pre-pregnancy BMI and concurrent medical profiles were obtained from maternal health records. Obesity is defined as BMI of =27.5 kg/m2 for Asian criteria-based BMI and >30 kg/m2 for International criteria-based BMI. Thirteen candidate genes were genotyped using Agena® MassARRAY and examined for association with pre-pregnancy obesity using multiple logistic regression analysis. The significant difference threshold was set at P value <0.05. Results: Three hundred and twelve GDM women were included in this study; 60.9% and 44.2% of GDM patients were obese using Asian and International criteria-based BMI, respectively. GDM patients with AA or AG genotypes in specific SNP of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) (G > A in rs6265) are more likely to be obese (adjusted odd ratio =2.209, 95% CI, 1.305, 3.739, P=0.003) compared to those who carry the GG genotype in the SNP adjusted for parity, underlying with asthma, heart disease, anaemia, education background in the International criteria-based BMI stratification group. On the other hand, there were no associations between other candidate genes (NRG1, FKBP5, RORA, OXTR, PLEKHG1, HTR2C, LHPP, SDK2, TEX51, EPHX2, NPY5R and ANO2) and maternal obesity. Conclusions: In summary, BDNF rs6265 is significantly associated with pre-pregnancy obesity among GDM patients. The exact role of BDNF adjusted for diet intake and lifestyle factors merits further investigation.
Provider Counseling about and Risk Perception for Future Chronic Disease among Women with Gestational Diabetes and Preeclampsia; Background: Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes or preeclampsia are at a greater risk of developing future type 2 diabetes mellitus, high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. Increased perception of future chronic disease risk is positively associated with making health behavior changes, including in pregnant women. Although gestational diabetes is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes, few women have heightened risk perception. Little research has assessed receipt of health advice from a provider among women with preeclampsia and its association with risk perception regarding future risk of high blood pressure and cardiovascular disease. Among women with recent diagnoses of preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, we assessed associations between receipt of health advice from providers, psychosocial factors, and type of pregnancy complication with risk perception for future chronic illness. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis among 79 women diagnosed with preeclampsia and/or gestational diabetes using surveys and medical record abstraction after delivery and at 3 months postpartum. Results: Overall, fewer than half of the 79 women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes reported receiving health advice from a provider, and women with preeclampsia were significantly less likely to receive counseling as compared with women with gestational diabetes (odds ratio 0.23). We did not identify a difference in the degree of risk perception by pregnancy complication or receipt of health advice. There were no significant differences in risk perception based on age, race, education, or health insurance coverage. Conclusions: We demonstrated that women with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are not routinely receiving health advice from providers regarding future chronic disease risk, and that women with preeclampsia are less likely to be counseled on their risk, compared with women with gestational diabetes. Provider and patient-centered interventions are needed to improve postpartum care and counseling for women at high risk for chronic disease based on recent pregnancy complications.
Feasibility and Utility of a Cardiovascular Risk Screening Tool in Women Undergoing Routine Gynecology Evaluation; Background: The goals of this multicenter survey were to examine the prevalence and patient awareness of cardiovascular risk factors, and the association between history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO-including gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia) and prevalence of cardiovascular risks among women presenting to outpatient obstetrics/gynecology (OB/GYN) clinics. Materials and Methods: We surveyed 2,946 female patients attending 16 outpatient OB/GYN clinics across the United States between January 2010 and January 2012. Main outcome measures were self-reported cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms such as angina and dyspnea. Results: Mean age of the patients was 51 ± 13.6 years. Cardiovascular risks and symptoms were highly prevalent (86.0% and 40.1%, respectively). Many patients did not know if they had common risk factors such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, or diabetes (18.4%, 32.0%, and 17.9%, respectively). Women with a history of APO were slightly more likely to be aware of common risk factors, including abnormal blood pressure (17% vs. 18.6%), high cholesterol (31.7% vs. 32%), and obesity/elevated body mass index (43.9% vs. 49.7%). Compared with patients with no history of APO, patients with APO (n = 380, 12.9%) were more likely to have risk factors (89.5% vs. 83.9%, p = 0.002) and symptoms (45.5% vs. 39.3%, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Awareness of cardiovascular risk factors and symptoms among all women surveyed in this study was poor, although awareness for some risk factors was relatively higher among patients with APO. This study demonstrates the feasibility of cardiovascular assessment in OB/GYN clinics using a simple questionnaire and its potential role for early recognition and timely intervention.
Endocrinology and Covid-19: A Multifaceted Interaction; Women with diabetes, obesity and other endocrine or metabolic disorders form a distinct vulnerable group, who are at increased risk during the COVID-19 pandemic, either due to increased risk of severe infection or due to challenges in healthcare delivery during the pandemic. Diabetes is a major risk factor for increased morbidity and mortality from COVID-19. Optimal cardiometabolic control and preventive measures to reduce risk of infection are needed in people afflicted with diabetes.Women with diabetes are at greater risk as they have limited access to diabetes care facilities even outside the time frame of a pandemic and this gender gap in care is likely to widen during the pandemic. Moreover, the care of pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also cannot be compromised. While alternate screening strategies for GDM such as the use of fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin are being considered, telemedicine servicescan offer a platform for remote monitoring and delivery of optimal diabetes care to pregnant women.Telemedicine services can also be used for delivery of long-term care for other endocrine disorders. Elective surgery or evaluation of endocrine disorders that are not immediately life-threatening can be deferred till appropriate safety precautions can be taken. At the same time, there is a need ensure that care of endocrinopathies such as diabetes, obesity, thyroid disorders and osteoporosis,all of which affect women more severely, is not compromised during the pandemic. Many endocrine organs, including pancreas, thyroid, testis, ovary, adrenals and pituitary, express the angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) that is the receptor for SARS-CoV-2 virus. Since ACE2 expression is different in men and women, there is a need to evaluate the impact of the virus on endocrine system and assess whether this is gender-specific.
Impact of COVID-19 on Cardio-obstetric Risk Indicators: Future Directions; Cardiovascular illness is one the foremost causes of death in females. The goal of preventive medicine is to identify and target high-risk females belonging to the younger age group in order toprevent future onset of cardiovascular pathologies. Certain obstetric complications like idiopathicpreterm birth, preeclampsia (PE), gestational diabetes and abruptio placentae mark their presence in the checklist of risk indicators for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) among the female population. Previous severe acute respiratory syndrome-1 (SARS-1) infections recorded a significant impact on maternal and fetal outcomes. In this article, we aim to focus on the incidence of cardiovascular riskindicators with the incessant novel Coronavirus disease-19 (COVID-19) pandemic in pregnant women and to provide recommendations for venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis in infected females. As the disease is novel and gradually unfolding to clinicians globally, the data and the publications are also evolving. Studies on COVID-19 in pregnancy has shown an increase in the number of preterm births, and PE with some reports on vertical transmission, but no significant increase in miscarriage, still births and teratogenicity. Preterm births appear more likely to be iatrogenic rather than idiopathic, owing to severity of infection or maternal/fetal safety. Causal association of virus with PE needs further analysis by large population studies, as both have common overlapping clinical and laboratory parameters. Direct placental involvement by virus leading on to PE or infection itself simulating PE needs further explication. Assessment of placental function, histopathological examination, and measurement of antiangiogenic factors are some of the suggested measures to differentiate further. Peripartum cardiomyopathy in COVID-19 positive pregnant females has not yet been actively explored, particularly in cases of clinical deterioration. Practical utilization of handheld point-of-care echocardiography machines stand in need for diagnosing myocardial dysfunction in this pandemic. COVID-19 infection and pregnancy together may impart a greater thromboembolism risk due to their inherent hypercoagulable states. All pregnant females with COVID-19 infection are candidates for VTE prophylaxis, both antepartum and postpartum depending on the severity of illness.
Challenges in women with diabetes during the COVID-19 pandemic; The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has created significant challenges for healthcare systems across the world. The disease seems to infect men and women in equal numbers, though trends suggest that men have greater morbidity. This has been attributed to differences in immunological response, expression of angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2), prevalence of comorbidities, and health-related behaviours, such as smoking. However, this cannot be taken to mean that women are somehow protected. Advanced age, smoking, diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease have emerged as the leading contributors to increased morbidity and mortality from the disease. Women with diabetes form a vulnerable group as they often receive suboptimal diabetes care and support, even though they have a high burden of comorbidities and complications. While there are challenges in healthcare delivery during the pandemic, cardiometabolic care cannot be compromised, which calls for exploring new avenues of healthcare delivery, such as telemedicine. Pregnant women with diabetes should continue to receive quality care for optimal outcomes, and the psychological health of women also needs special consideration. The management of hyperglycaemia during COVID-19 infection is important to reduce morbidity and mortality from the infection. The gendered impact of outbreaks and quarantine goes beyond biomedical and psychological aspects, and the socioeconomic impact of the pandemic is likely to affect the long-term care of women with diabetes, which creates an urgent need to create effective policies and interventions to promote optimal care in this vulnerable group.
Changes in cardiometabolic risk factors following complications of pregnancy among hispanic/latina women of the hispanic community health study/study of latinos, 2008-2017; Background: Pregnancy-related complications (PC), such as preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes (GD), are associated with an elevation of cardiometabolic risk and subsequent cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy among European Caucasian mothers. Our study goal was to determine whether PC is associated with greater change in blood pressure (BP), fasting glucose (FPG), and/or glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) among US Hispanic/Latina women. Methods: The Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos is a population-based study of 16,415 Hispanics/Latinos aged 18-74 years (at visit one: 2008-11) from four US sites. At visit two (2014-17), PC information was collected in 550 women who reported a live birth between visits. PC was defined as: no PC (PE, eclampsia, GH, or GD), PC without (w/o) pre-existing conditions (hypertension or diabetes), or PC with pre-existing conditions. At both visits (before and after birth), BP was measured (average of three seated readings) along with FPG and HbA1c (from blood). The association of PC with visit-to-visit change in BP, FPG, and HbA1c was estimated using linear regression models accounting for the complex survey design and adjusted for follow-up time, and visit one sociodemographic, clinical, and behavioral characteristics. Results: Baseline age was 26.2 years (SE: 0.3), with 77.4% without PC, 17.2% with PC w/o pre-existing conditions, and 5.4% with PC with pre-existing conditions. From fully adjusted models, PC w/o pre-existing conditions compared to no PC, was associated with a greater increase in systolic BP (+4.58mmHg; 95% CI: 1.08, 8.08), diastolic BP (+4.20mmHg; 95% CI: 1.19, 7.20), and FPG (+3.03mg/dL; 95% CI: 0.37, 5.69). PC with pre-existing conditions compared to no PC, was associated with a greater increase in systolic BP (+19.17mmHg; 95% CI: 7.10, 31.23), diastolic BP (+10.10mmHg; 95% CI: 2.67, 17.53), HbA1c (+0.82; 95% CI: 0.19, 1.45), and FPG (+27.12mg/dL; 95% CI: 7.70, 46.55). Conclusions: BP and blood glucose levels increased among US Hispanic/Latina women following PC with the greatest increase among women with pre-existing conditions. These findings suggest close monitoring of US Hispanic/Latina women with PC is warranted to prevent future CVD.
Noninvasive vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) increases activity-dependent plasticity and feeding volumes in dose responsive manner in infants slated for G-tube; Background and Objective(s): Infants born with oromotor dyscoordination have difficulty feeding which delays discharge and leads to gastrostomy tube (G-tube) placement. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is a neuromodulation treatment that stimulates activity-dependent plasticity and improves functional motor outcomes in adults after stroke. In this first-in-infants study, we administered transcutaneous auricular VNS (taVNS) paired with oromotor rehabilitation in neonates who were failing oral feeding. We investigated whether taVNS-paired rehabilitation enhances oral feeding by avoiding G-tube placement, enhancing oromotor skills, improves head and neck motor patterns, and strengthens microstructural integrity of white matter tracts in neonates with oromotor discoordination who were slated for G-tube placement. Study Design: Prospective cohort study. Study Participants & Setting: We conducted this open-label pilot trial in infants (n=27) failing oral feedings whom the clinical team determined needed a G-tube. Infants were recruited from the neonatal intensive unit at a specialty children's hospital after failed oral feeding trials and referral for g-tube placement. Materials/Methods: taVNS was delivered to the left ear (0.1mA). Results: 52% (14/27) of treated infants achieved full oral feeds (Responders) vs 42% of treated infants who received g-tube (Non-Responders). There were no significant differences in weight and gestational age between groups. Increases in mean PO intake were significantly greater in 2X vs 1X daily groups (7 vs 4.8ml/kg/d), resulting in reduced time to full PO feeds (7.8 vs 15 days). Post-hoc responder analysis revealed 8/13 Non-Responders were infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). Excluding IDM infants, 13/18 infants (72%) reached full po feeds with taVNS-paired feeding treatment. Significant increases were noted in fractional anisotropy (FA) in white matter tracts (corpus callosum, external capsule, optic radiation, inferior frontal occipital fasciculus, anterior and posterior limb of internal capsule, cerebellum, corticospinal tract). While change in Total STEP scores were not significantly different between Responders and Non-Responders (p=0.2), scores for head movements in 3 positions - Supine with Stimulation (p=0.025), Rolling by Arm (p=0.040), and Head Control in Supported Sitting improved significantly (p=0.025) in Responders to taVNS treatment. Conclusions/Significance: taVNS paired with bottle feeding is well-tolerated and may help avoid G-tube placement with greater than 50% of infants who received treatment were discharged normally. Both neuroimaging and functional head improvements were demonstrated as well. Infants of poorly controlled diabetic mothers were notable Non-Responders, suggesting further optimization of dosing and Responder profiles should be investigated. Limitations of our study include small sample and lack of control group. taVNS-paired rehabilitation in neonates is a promising emerging form of pediatric neurorehabilitation and warrants further investigation.
HYPERTENSIVE DISORDERS OF PREGNANCY AND THE RISK OF CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE: A NATIONAL REGISTRY-BASED COHORT STUDY; Background Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension) are increasingly common complications of pregnancy. HDP are associated with increased risk of cardiovascular disease and end-stage kidney disease in women. Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is highly prevalent, but evidence for associations between HDP and CKD is limited and inconsistent. The underlying causes of CKD are wideranging, and HDP may have differential associations with various aetiologies of CKD. We aimed to identify whether HDP are associated with CKD and whether this risk differs by CKD aetiology. Methods Using data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, singleton live births from 1973-2012 were identified and linked to data from the Swedish Renal Register and National Patient Register (up to 2013). Preeclampsia was the main exposure of interest and treated as a time-dependent variable. Gestational hypertension was also investigated as a secondary exposure. The primary outcome was maternal CKD, and this was classified into 5 subtypes: hypertensive, diabetic, glomerular/ proteinuric, tubulo-interstitial, other/non-specific CKD. Cox proportional hazard regression models were used, adjusting for year of delivery, maternal age, country of origin, education level, antenatal BMI, smoking during pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and parity. Women with pre-pregnancy comorbidities were excluded. Results The final sample consisted of 1,924,409 women who had 3,726,554 singleton live-births. The mean age of women at first delivery was 27.0 (±5.1) years. Median follow-up was 20.7 (interquartile range 9.9-30.0) years. 90,917 women (4.7%) were diagnosed with preeclampsia, 43,964 (2.3%) had gestational hypertension, and 18,477 (0.9%) developed CKD. Women who had preeclampsia had a higher risk of developing CKD during follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio (aHR) 1.92, 95% CI 1.83-2.03). The risk differed by CKD subtype, and was higher for hypertensive CKD (aHR 3.72, 95% CI 3.05- 4.53), diabetic CKD (aHR 3.94, 95% CI 3.38-4.60) and glomerular/proteinuric CKD (aHR 2.06, 95% CI 1.88-2.26). The risk of CKD was increased after preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, or preeclampsia complicated by prepregnancy obesity. Women who had gestational hypertension also had increased risk of developing CKD (aHR 1.49, 95% CI 1.38-1.61). Conclusion Women with history of HDP are at increased risk of CKD, particularly hypertensive or diabetic CKD. Preterm preeclampsia, recurrent preeclampsia, and preeclampsia complicated by pre-pregnancy obesity are all associated with higher risk of maternal CKD. Since 10% of women develop clinically significant CKD in their lifetime, the absolute risk of CKD related to HDP may be substantial. Women who experience HDP may benefit from future systematic renal monitoring to prevent CKD onset or progression.
Italian recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes during COVID-19 pandemic: Position statement of the Italian Association of Clinical Diabetologists (AMD) and the Italian Diabetes Society (SID), diabetes, and pregnancy study group; Aim: In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, there is a need for substantial changes in the procedures for accessing healthcare services. Even in the current pandemic, we should not reduce our attention towards the diagnosis and treatment of GDM. The purpose of this document is to provide a temporary guide for GDM screening, replacing the current guidelines when it is not possible to implement standard GDM screening because of an unfavorable risk/benefit ratio for pregnant women or when usual laboratory facilities are not available. Data synthesis: At the first visit during pregnancy, we must exclude the presence of “Overt diabetes” in all women. The criteria for the diagnosis of overt diabetes are either fasting plasma glucose ≥126 mg/dL, or random plasma glucose ≥200 mg/dL, or glycated hemoglobin ≥6.5%. When the screening procedure (OGTT) cannot be safely performed, the diagnosis of GDM is acceptable if fasting plasma glucose is ≥ 92 mg/dL. In order to consider the impaired fasting glucose as an acceptable surrogate for the diagnosis of GDM, the fasting glucose measurement should be performed within the recommended time windows for the risk level (high or medium risk). Conclusions: The changes to the screening procedure for GDM reported below are specifically produced in response to the health emergency of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, these recommended changes should cease to be in effect and should be replaced by current national guidelines when the healthcare authorities declare the end of this emergency.
Maternal and infant outcomes in sarcoidosis pregnancy: A Swedish population-based cohort study of first births; Background: It is unclear whether sarcoidosis, a multisystem inflammatory disease, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. We aimed to assess the risk of adverse maternal and infant outcomes in sarcoidosis pregnancies, focused on first births. Methods: Using a population-based cohort study design and Swedish national registers (2002-2013), we identified 182 singleton first pregnancies in the Medical Birth Register with at least two maternal ICD-coded sarcoidosis visits prior to pregnancy in the National Patient Register. Modified Poisson regression models estimated relative risks (RR) of adverse outcomes in sarcoidosis pregnancies compared to the general population adjusted for maternal age at delivery, calendar year and educational level. Some models were additionally adjusted for maternal body mass index and smoking status. Results: The prevalence of pre-existing diabetes and hypertension was higher in mothers with sarcoidosis than those without sarcoidosis. Mothers with sarcoidosis had an increased risk of preeclampsia/eclampsia (RR 1.6; 95%CI 1.0, 2.6) and cesarean delivery (RR 1.3; 95%CI 1.0, 1.6). There were < 5 stillbirths and cases of infection and no cases of placental abruption, venous thromboembolism, cardiac arrest or maternal death. Newborns of first-time mothers with sarcoidosis had a 70% increased risk of preterm birth (RR 1.7; 95%CI 1.1, 2.5). There was an increased risk of birth defects (RR 1.6; 95%CI 0.9, 2.8) the majority of which were non-cardiac. Conclusions: Sarcoidosis is associated with increased risks for preeclampsia/eclampsia, cesarean delivery, preterm birth and some birth defects. Awareness of these conditions may prevent possible pregnancy complications in mothers with sarcoidosis and their newborns.
Consumption of ultra-processed foods and health outcomes: A systematic review of epidemiological studies; Background: Consumption of ultra-processed foods (UPFs) plays a potential role in the development of obesity and other diet-related noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), but no studies have systematically focused on this. This study aimed to summarize the evidence for the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Methods: A comprehensive search was conducted in PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science to identify all relevant studies. Epidemiological studies were included, and identified studies were evaluated for risk of bias.A narrative review of the synthesized findings was provided to assess the association between UPFs consumption and health outcomes. Results: 20 studies (12 cohort and 8 cross-sectional studies) were included in the analysis, with a total of 334,114 participants and 10 health outcomes. In a narrative review, high UPFs consumption was obviously associated with an increased risk of all-cause mortality, overall cardiovascular diseases, coronary heart diseases, cerebrovascular diseases, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, overweight and obesity, depression, irritable bowel syndrome, overall cancer, postmenopausal breast cancer, gestational obesity, adolescent asthma and wheezing, and frailty. It showed no significant association with cardiovascular disease mortality, prostate and colorectal cancers, gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational overweight. Conclusions: This study indicated a positive association between UPFs consumption and risk of several health outcomes. Large-scale prospective designed studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Understanding the Interplay Between Health Disparities and Epigenomics; Social epigenomics has emerged as an integrative field of research focused on identification of socio-environmental factors, their influence on human biology through epigenomic modifications, and how they contribute to current health disparities. Several health disparities studies have been published using genetic-based approaches; however, increasing accessibility and affordability of molecular technologies have allowed for an in-depth investigation of the influence of external factors on epigenetic modifications (e.g., DNA methylation, micro-RNA expression). Currently, research is focused on epigenetic changes in response to environment, as well as targeted epigenetic therapies and environmental/social strategies for potentially minimizing certain health disparities. Here, we will review recent findings in this field pertaining to conditions and diseases over life span encompassing prenatal to adult stages.
Metformin in Pulmonary Hypertension in Left Heart Disease; Metformin is ubiquitously used in the management of Type II Diabetes Mellitus (DMII). Over the years, our growing knowledge of its therapeutic potential has broadened its use to the treatment of infertility in polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes, and even obesity. Recently, it has been suggested as a novel therapy in cardiovascular disease (CVD). Given that CVD is the leading cause of death in patients with DMII, with ~ 75% dying from a cardiovascular event, the intersection of DMII and CVD provides a unique therapeutic target. In particular, pulmonary hypertension (PH) related to CVD (Group II PH) may be an optimal target for metformin therapy. The objective of this review article is to provide an overview of the pathophysiology of PH related to left heart disease (PH-LHD), outline the proposed pathophysiologic mechanism of insulin resistance in heart failure and PH-LHD, and evaluate the role metformin may have in heart failure and PH-LHD.
Mechanisms of Key Innate Immune Cells in Early- and Late-Onset Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is a complex cardiovascular disorder of pregnancy with underlying multifactorial pathogeneses; however, its etiology is not fully understood. It is characterized by the new onset of maternal hypertension after 20 weeks of gestation, accompanied by proteinuria, maternal organ damage, and/or uteroplacental dysfunction. Preeclampsia can be subdivided into early- and late-onset phenotypes (EOPE and LOPE), diagnosed before 34 weeks or from 34 weeks of gestation, respectively. Impaired placental development in early pregnancy and subsequent growth restriction is often associated with EOPE, while LOPE is associated with maternal endothelial dysfunction. The innate immune system plays an essential role in normal progression of physiological pregnancy and fetal development. However, inappropriate or excessive activation of this system can lead to placental dysfunction or poor maternal vascular adaptation and contribute to the development of preeclampsia. This review aims to comprehensively outline the mechanisms of key innate immune cells including macrophages, neutrophils, natural killer (NK) cells, and innate B1 cells, in normal physiological pregnancy, EOPE and LOPE. The roles of the complement system, syncytiotrophoblast extracellular vesicles and mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) are also discussed in the context of innate immune system regulation and preeclampsia. The outlined molecular mechanisms, which represent potential therapeutic targets, and associated emerging treatments, are evaluated as treatments for preeclampsia. Therefore, by addressing the current understanding of innate immunity in the pathogenesis of EOPE and LOPE, this review will contribute to the body of research that could lead to the development of better diagnosis, prevention, and treatment strategies. Importantly, it will delineate the differences in the mechanisms of the innate immune system in two different types of preeclampsia, which is necessary for a more personalized approach to the monitoring and treatment of affected women.
Controversies related to vitamin D deficiency effect on the maternal and feto-placental unit–an update; Vitamin D deficiency (Vit D deficiency) is a global health concern and a common occurrence especially among pregnant women. It has been suggested that Vit D deficiency has implications on both the mother and the foetus. Vitamin D deficiency is the most under-diagnosed nutritional deficiency in the world, affecting the majority of individuals, irrespective of their geography, gender, age or race. Vitamin D deficiency is also linked with several diseases (autoimmune diseases, cancer, cardiovascular, dementia and musculoskeletal diseases). Therefore, appropriate supplementation is required in a deficient population. A diagnosis can be missed as symptoms associated with pregnancy are also seen in vitamin D-deficient women. A timely diagnosis and treatment can be beneficial as these disorders can cause maternal and foetal morbidity. Vitamin D status during pregnancy has been associated with maternal and foetal morbidity, but reported findings are inconsistent.
Circulating Cell-Free Nucleic Acids as Epigenetic Biomarkers in Precision Medicine; The circulating cell-free nucleic acids (ccfNAs) are a mixture of single- or double-stranded nucleic acids, released into the blood plasma/serum by different tissues via apoptosis, necrosis, and secretions. Under healthy conditions, ccfNAs originate from the hematopoietic system, whereas under various clinical scenarios, the concomitant tissues release ccfNAs into the bloodstream. These ccfNAs include DNA, RNA, microRNA (miRNA), long non-coding RNA (lncRNA), fetal DNA/RNA, and mitochondrial DNA/RNA, and act as potential biomarkers in various clinical conditions. These are associated with different epigenetic modifications, which show disease-related variations and so finding their role as epigenetic biomarkers in clinical settings. This field has recently emerged as the latest advance in precision medicine because of its clinical relevance in diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive values. DNA methylation detected in ccfDNA has been widely used in personalized clinical diagnosis; furthermore, there is also the emerging role of ccfRNAs like miRNA and lncRNA as epigenetic biomarkers. This review focuses on the novel approaches for exploring ccfNAs as epigenetic biomarkers in personalized clinical diagnosis and prognosis, their potential as therapeutic targets and disease progression monitors, and reveals the tremendous potential that epigenetic biomarkers present to improve precision medicine. We explore the latest techniques for both quantitative and qualitative detection of epigenetic modifications in ccfNAs. The data on epigenetic modifications on ccfNAs are complex and often milieu-specific posing challenges for its understanding. Artificial intelligence and deep networks are the novel approaches for decoding complex data and providing insight into the decision-making in precision medicine.
Life course changes in cardiometabolic risk factors associated with preterm delivery: The 30-year cardia study; BACKGROUND: Women who deliver preterm infants (<37 weeks) have excess cardiovascular risk; however, it is unclear whether the unfavorable changes in the cardiometabolic profile associated with preterm delivery initiate before, during, or after childbearing. METHODS AND RESULTS: We identified 1306 women (51% Black) with births between baseline (1985–1986) and year 30 in the CARDIA (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) study. We compared life course changes in blood pressure, body mass index, waist circumference, and lipids in women with preterm deliveries (n=318) with those with all term deliveries (n=988), using piecewise linear mixed-effects models. Specifically, we evaluated group differences in rates of change before and after the childbearing period and change in level across the childbearing period. After adjusting for the covariates, women with preterm deliveries had a higher change in diastolic blood pressure across the childbearing period than those with all term deliveries (1.59 versus −0.73 mm Hg, P<0.01); the rates of change did not differ by group, both prechildbearing and postch-ildbearing. Women with preterm deliveries had a larger body mass index increase across the childbearing period (1.66 versus 1.22 kg/m2, P=0.03) compared with those with all term deliveries, followed by a steeper increase after the childbearing period (0.22 versus 0.17 kg/m2 per year, P=0.02). CONCLUSIONS: Preterm delivery was associated with unfavorable patterns of change in diastolic blood pressure and adiposity that originate during the childbearing years and persist or exacerbate later in life. These adverse changes may contribute to the elevated cardiovascular risk among women with preterm delivery.
Risk prediction of maternal cardiovascular disease one year after hypertensive pregnancy complications or gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Previous preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus show a firm epidemiological association to maternal cardiovascular disease risk. Cardiovascular disease risk assessment is recommended in women after these pregnancy complications, but not offered in most countries. We therefore wanted to evaluate the applicability of currently recommended cardiovascular disease risk scores for women one-year postpartum of such pregnancy complications. Design and methods: We tested applicability of three scoring systems, the Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease (ASCVD) score, the Joint British Societies for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease (JBS3) score and Framingham 30 year Risk Score-Cardiovascular Disease (FRS-CVD) in 235 women one-year postpartum (controls: 94, gestational hypertension: 35, preeclampsia: 81, gestational diabetes mellitus: 25). Statistical analysis was performed with Mann–Whitney U test for continuous and Fisher’s mid-corrected p and Pearson’s r for dichotomous variables. A value of p < 0.050 was considered significant. Results: Most women (87.7%) were below 40 years of age, rendering 10-year risk estimations recommended by American and European societies inapplicable. FRS-CVD could be assessed in all women. Significantly fewer could be assessed by the ASCVD (81.5%) and JBS3 (91.6%). All scoring systems showed small, but significant increases in risk scores for one or more of the pregnancy complication groups, but none at the risk magnitude for cardiovascular disease shown in epidemiological studies. Conclusion: We demonstrate that ASCVD, JBS3 and FRS-CVD are inadequate in assessing cardiovascular disease risk one-year postpartum. We suggest that pregnancy complications need to be considered separately when evaluating maternal cardiovascular disease risk and need for postpartum follow-up.
Prior placental bed disorders and later dementia: a retrospective Swedish register-based cohort study; Objective: To investigate the association between a history of placental bed disorders and later dementia. Design: Retrospective population-based cohort study. Setting: Sweden. Sample: All women giving birth in Sweden between 1973 and 1993 (1 128 709). Methods: Women with and without placental bed disorders (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including pre-eclampsia, fetal growth restriction, spontaneous preterm labour and birth, preterm premature rupture of membranes, abruptio placenta, late miscarriages) and other pregnancy complications were identified by means of the Swedish Medical Birth Register. International classification of disease was used. Data were linked to other National Registers. Participants were followed up until 2013. The Cox proportional hazards model was used to calculate hazard ratios for women with and without pregnancy complications and were adjusted for possible confounders. Main outcome measures: Diagnosis of vascular dementia and non-vascular dementia. Results: Adjusted for cardiovascular disease and socio-demographic factors, an increased risk of vascular dementia was shown in women with previous pregnancy-induced hypertension (Hazard ratio [HR] 1.88, 95% CI 1.32–2.69), pre-eclampsia (HR 1.63, 95% CI 1.23–2.16), spontaneous preterm labour and birth (HR 1.65, 95% CI 1.12–2.42) or preterm premature rupture of membranes (HR 1.60, 95% CI 1.08–2.37). No statistically significant increased risk was seen for other pregnancy complications or non-vascular dementia even though many of the point estimates indicated increased risks. Conclusions: Women with placental bed disorders have a higher risk for vascular disease. Mechanisms behind the abnormal placentation remain elusive, although maternal constitutional factors, abnormal implantation as well as impaired angiogenesis have been suggested. Tweetable abstract: Placental bed syndromes associated with vascular dementia even after adjusting for cardiovascular disease.
The association between body mass index trajectories and cardiometabolic risk in young children; Background: Rapid growth is associated with increased cardiometabolic risk (CMR) in adolescence and adulthood. Little is known about whether the association between rapid growth and increased CMR originates in early childhood. Objectives: To identify age and sex standardized body mass index (zBMI) trajectories and to examine the association between zBMI trajectories and CMR outcomes in children 0 to 60 months. Study design: A longitudinal cohort study was conducted through The Applied Research Group for Kids (TARGet Kids!) in Toronto, Canada. Participants had repeated measures of weight and length or height performed from birth to 60 months of age. Latent class mixed modelling was used to identify the zBMI trajectories. Linear regressions were performed to determine the association between zBMI trajectories and the primary outcome, a CMR score, quantified as the sum of age- and sex- standardized waist circumference, systolic blood pressure, glucose, log-triglycerides and negative high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), divided by √5. Secondary outcomes were the individual components of the CMR formula as well as diastolic blood pressure and non-HDL-C. Results: Four BMI trajectories were identified among the 1166 children. After adjusting for all covariates, children in the rapidly accelerating trajectory had increased total CMR score (β = 1.38, 95% CI 0.77; 1.99, P <.001) and increased waist circumference score (β = 2.39, 95% CI 1.92; 2.86, P <.001) compared to the stable low group. Conclusions: Rapid growth during early childhood is associated with increased CMR in preschool children, largely driven by larger waist circumference.
Lois Jovanovič: a giant in the field of diabetes and pregnancy; Lois Jovanovič (1947–2018) was a trailblazing and relentless clinical endocrinologist and researcher whose innovative approaches to diabetes and pregnancy changed the lives of thousands of women and their babies. Of her many accomplishments, she is best known for devising the diabetes and pregnancy protocols of intensive insulin delivery and glucose control that have made it possible for thousands of women with diabetes to deliver healthy babies and for pioneering the use of insulin analogues in pregnancy. Her research also paved the way for the development of the artificial pancreas. This biographical portrait describes her personal involvement with diabetes, her beginnings as a medical doctor, and highlights her main contributions to the field of diabetes.
Fetal Cardiac Function and Ventricular Volumes Determined by Three-Dimensional Ultrasound Using STIC and VOCAL Methods in Fetuses from Pre-gestational Diabetic Women; To assess the fetal cardiac function and ventricular volumes by three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound using spatio-temporal image correlation (STIC) and virtual organ computer-aided analysis (VOCAL) methods in fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women. This was a prospective and cross-sectional study that evaluated 53 fetuses from pre-gestational diabetic women and 53 fetuses from healthy mothers between 20 and 34 weeks of gestation. Only fetuses with no structural or genetic abnormalities and singleton pregnant women were included in this study. The fetal cardiac volumes were assessed by STIC and VOCAL methods. The ejection fraction, stroke volume, and cardiac output were calculated from these measurements to evaluate fetal cardiac function. The Mann–Whitney U test was performed to compare the two groups. For calculation of intra- and interobserver reproducibility’s, we used concordance correlation coefficients. The mean differences in the right atrial volumes between the diabetic and normal groups ranged from 0.05 mL to 0.1 mL (p = 0.917 and 0.355, respectively). The median of left atrium (LA) volume measurement in pre-gestational diabetic group was significantly lower than healthy mothers (LA: 0.62 vs. 0.68 mL; p ' 0.001). The fetal right and left ventricular volumes were similar in both groups. No significant differences in ejection fraction, stroke volume and cardiac output were observed (p value range 0.086–0.815). The majority of fetal atrial/ventricular volumes showed good intra- and interobserver reliabilities. Conversely, the majority cardiac function parameters showed poor intra- and interobserver agreements. STIC and VOCAL methods gave reproducible quantitative results for fetal atrial and ventricular volumes. Significant differences in fetal left atrial volumes were observed between the two groups, which be related to LA atrial dysfunction and /or left ventricle (LV) compliance, reflecting earlier stages of cardiac dysfunction.
Exclusive breastfeeding predicts higher hearing-language development in girls of preschool age; Cognitive disorders are increasing in prevalence. Nutritional or metabolic stressors during early life, and female sex, are predisposing conditions towards the development of cognitive diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease. Though there is evidence that breastfeeding may play a beneficial role in children’s neurocognitive development, the literature remains controversial. In this study we aimed at assessing the association between exclusive breastfeeding and children’s cognitive development from six months to five years of age, addressing sex differences. In 80 mother-child pairs from the Pisa birth cohort (PISAC), we measured cognitive development in groups of children of 6, 12, 18, 24, 36, and 60 months by Griffiths Mental Development Scales, parents’ intelligence quotient (IQ) by Raven’s progressive matrices, and maternal and infants’ anthropometric parameters. We found that exclusive breastfeeding was associated with higher hearing-language development in five years old girls, independent of maternal IQ, age and BMI (body mass index). Exclusive breastfeeding in the first three months of life seemed sufficient to establish this positive relationship. In conclusion, our data indicate that exclusive breastfeeding is a positive predictor of cognitive development in preschool-age girls, paving the way for the implementation of sex-specific cognitive disease risk detection and prevention strategies from early life. Further studies are warranted to explore causality and longer term effects.
Acute malnutrition in children: Pathophysiology, clinical effects and treatment; Acute malnutrition is a nutritional deficiency resulting from either inadequate energy or protein intake. Children with primary acute malnutrition are common in developing countries as a result of inadequate food supply caused by social, economic, and environmental factors. Secondary acute malnutrition is usually due to an underlying disease causing abnormal nutrient loss, increased energy expenditure, or decreased food intake. Acute malnutrition leads to biochemical changes based on metabolic, hormonal, and glucoregulatory mechanisms. Most children with primary acute malnutrition can be managed at home with nutrition-specific interventions (i.e., counseling of parents, ensuring household food security, etc.). In case of severe acute malnutrition and complications, inpatient treatment is recommended. Secondary acute malnutrition should be managed by treating the underlying cause.
Pregnancy loss is associated with type 2 diabetes: a nationwide case–control study; Aims/hypothesis: Type 2 diabetes is killing more people than ever, and early-life predictors remain critical for the development of effective preventive strategies. Pregnancy loss is a common event associated with later atherosclerotic disease and ischaemic heart failure and might constitute a predictor for type 2 diabetes. The objective of this study was to investigate whether pregnancy loss is associated with later development of type 2 diabetes. Methods: Using a Danish nationwide cohort, we identified all women born from 1957 through to 1997 and who had a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes during the period 1977 to 2017. The women were matched 1:10 on year of birth and educational level to women without diabetes in the general Danish population. Conditional logistic regression models provided odds ratios for type 2 diabetes with different numbers of pregnancy losses. Results: We identified 24,774 women with type 2 diabetes and selected 247,740 controls without diabetes. Women who had ever been pregnant (ever-pregnant women) with 1, 2 and ≥ 3 pregnancy losses had ORs of type 2 diabetes of 1.18 (95% CI 1.13, 1.23), 1.38 (95% CI 1.27, 1.49) and 1.71 (95% CI 1.53, 1.92) compared with ever-pregnant women with no pregnancy losses, respectively. Women who never achieved a pregnancy had an OR of type 2 diabetes of 1.56 (95% CI 1.51, 1.61) compared with ever-pregnant women with any number of losses. Similar results were found after adjustment for obesity and gestational diabetes. Conclusions/interpretation: We found a significant and consistent association between pregnancy loss and later type 2 diabetes that increased with increasing number of losses. Thus, pregnancy loss and recurrent pregnancy loss are significant risk factors for later type 2 diabetes. Future studies should explore whether this association is due to common background factors or whether prediabetic metabolic conditions are responsible for this association. [Figure not available: see fulltext.].
Acute Glucose Load, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, Nonenzymatic Glycation, and Screening for Gestational Diabetes; Aims: To investigate if oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) associates with changes in maternal symptoms (ie, flushing, sweating), blood nonenzymatic advanced glycation end products (AGE), acute-phase reactive inflammatory markers, and oxidative stress. Methods: Prospective case–control study of patients screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). One hundred nonfasting, second-trimester consecutive pregnant women allocated to either 50 g OGTT or water. Five women who had a 3-hour fasting 100 g OGTT also enrolled. Maternal serum glucose, AGE, soluble receptor for AGE (sRAGE), interleukin (IL)-6, and C-reactive protein (CRP) were immunoassayed. Total radical-trapping antioxidant parameter (TRAP) estimated with antioxidant capacityperoxyl assay. Data corrected for gestational age and maternal body mass index. Results: During 50 g OGTT there was a decrease in systolic blood pressure not accompanied by the onset of adverse clinical symptoms. There was a decrease in serum glucose levels 1 hour after water (P =.019) but not glucose ingestion. Serum CRP (P =.001) but not IL-6 was increased. The AGE, sRAGE, and TRAP levels remained unchanged. Similar results were seen during 100 g OGTT, except serum glucose was significantly elevated after 1 hour. Conclusion: Results suggest screening tools for gestational diabetes are safe and clinically well tolerated during pregnancy. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03029546.
Paternal exposure to recreational drugs before conception and its effect on live-born offspring: A scoping review; Background: Men of reproductive age increasingly use recreational drugs. While many of these substances may reduce the quantity and quality of sperm, less is known about the effects of these exposures on their offspring. We performed a scoping review to summarize the available literature and identify areas for future research on the outcome of live-born offspring of fathers who were exposed to recreational drugs before conception. Methods: A systematic search was conducted of the Medline, EMBASE, and Web of Science databases, which included keywords for the following substances: cannabis-related products, cocaine, heroin, hallucinogens, ecstasy and amphetamines. In total, 2,983 records were screened, and 129 publications were selected for full-text assessment. Publications were included if (a) the timing of exposure included the preconceptional period, and (b) if outcomes in live-born offspring were compared with an unexposed group. Results: We included 30 publications, of which 15 animal studies and 15 human studies. Animal studies showed neurocognitive abnormalities, in particular in male offspring. Interestingly, these outcomes depend significantly on the method of exposure (i.e., fixed-dose administration vs. variable self-administration, which mimics addiction). Human studies were limited to specific congenital malformations and childhood cancers, which showed small increased odds ratios. Conclusions: While animal studies describe impaired neurocognitive outcomes following paternal exposure to recreational drugs, data in humans is currently lacking. Human studies require sound methodology in order to confirm findings on congenital malformations and childhood cancers. In addition, future neurocognitive studies require parental neurocognitive assessments to correct for confounding effects (i.e., role of genetics).
Diffuse infantile hepatic hemangiomas in a patient with Beckwith–Wiedemann syndrome: A new association?; Beckwith–Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is an overgrowth syndrome, caused by alterations in a cluster of imprinted genes located within the chromosome region 11p15.5. Common clinical features are overgrowth, macroglossia, lateralized overgrowth, abdominal wall defects, neonatal hypoglycemia and an increased risk of embryonal tumors, such as hepatoblastomas. Periodic screening for abdominal tumors is recommended. Vascular tumors are uncommon in BWS. Diffuse infantile hepatic hemangiomas (DIHHs) are rare vascular tumors with potentially lethal complications, in particular acquired consumptive hypothyroidism, high-output cardiac failure, liver failure and abdominal compartment syndrome. We describe a 2-month-old patient with hallmark clinical features of BWS and confirmed a genetic diagnosis with mosaic paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 11p15.5 (UPD[11]pat). The patient developed hepatomegaly and elevated alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) and was therefore suspected of having a hepatoblastoma. Abdominal echo-color Doppler and a CT-scan allowed diagnosis of DIHHs. She was closely monitored and underwent treatment with propranolol. Oral propranolol was effective in reducing hepatic lesions without side effects. This report may suggest that vascular tumors can also be associated with BWS.
Sacrococcygeal fetus-in-fetu; Fetus-in-fetu is a rare congenital anomaly which a fetiform mass as a monozygotic twin often in the abdomen of its twin. We report a case of a newborn girl presented with a monster-like mass at the base of the coccyx at birth, known as sacrococcygeal fetus-in-fetu. After delivered, the baby experience with critical asphyxia, hypovolemic shock and cardiac arrest. With effective multidisciplinary team, the mass was successful removed and the baby well survived. This report presents the clinical presentation, diagnosis, management, and clinical of the case.
Histomorphological changes of the placenta and umbilical cord in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: The objective of this study was to compare the histomorphological changes of placenta and umbilical cord (UC), between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non- GDM pregnancies. Methods: In this prospective study, 222 parturients were recruited (117 GDM and 105 non-GDM). GDM was confirmed at 24–28 weeks of gestation, using one-step strategy. A full record of demographic, laboratory, histologic and gross morphology data of placenta and UC was extracted and analyzed. Results: Overall, 222 placentas/UCs met inclusion criteria. The mean (SD) of gestational age of GDM diagnosis was 20.68 (10.02) and the GDM duration was 16.76 (8.98) weeks. The mean HbA1C was 6.03 (0.41) % in the GDM group. The gross morphology findings including UC diameter and thick edematous UC differed significantly between two groups and more presented in GDM group, 1.41 (0.03) vs. 1.28 (0.03) centimeters; p-value = 0.006 and 34.19% vs. 16.19%; p-value = 0.002, respectively. The umbilical coiling index (UCI) was similar in two groups (p-value = 0.61). In the histological evaluation, persistence of central vessels differed significantly between two groups, more detected in non-GDM (47.62% vs. 32.97%; p-value = 0.04). No other significant histomorphological changes were detected between two groups. Discussion: This study showed that gross morphologic features such as UC diameter increment and thick edematous UC happened more frequently, among the GDM parturients. Due to early diagnosis, diagnosis strategy, and optimal glycemic control, the histomorphological changes were less in GDM comparing of non-GDM group.
Neuro-Ophthalmic Disorders in Pregnancy; The physiologic changes that accompany pregnancy can have important implications for neuro-ophthalmic disease. This article discusses pregnancy-related considerations for meningioma, pituitary disorders, demyelinating disease, myasthenia gravis, thyroid eye disease, idiopathic intracranial hypertension, cerebral venous sinus thrombosis, stroke, migraine, and cranial neuropathies. The article also details the potential neuro-ophthalmic complications of preeclampsia and eclampsia and reviews the use of common diagnostic studies during pregnancy.
Chorioamnionitis versus intraamniotic infection among preterm deliveries—is postpartum infectious morbidity different?; Background: Chorioamnionitis can have a highly variable definition with substantial maternal and fetal morbidity, with higher frequencies in preterm births. With the recently updated intraamniotic infection diagnostic criteria by the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, fewer women experiencing preterm delivery may qualify for intrapartum antibiotic treatment, potentially resulting in higher postpartum infectious morbidity. Objective: This study aimed to estimate whether the proportion of women delivering preterm who develop postpartum endometritis differs between subjects diagnosed as having clinical chorioamnionitis and those meeting the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists’ criteria for intraamniotic infection. Study Design: Secondary analysis was conducted using a randomized controlled trial of antenatal magnesium sulfate for the prevention of cerebral palsy. Subjects were included if they had a clinical diagnosis of chorioamnionitis and maternal temperature of ≥37.8°C and excluded if maternal temperature data were missing. The exposure group included women who met the criteria for intraamniotic infection, defined as a single maternal temperature of ≥39.0°C or maternal temperature of 38.0°C to 38.9°C plus 1 additional clinical risk factor (leukocytosis, purulent cervical drainage, or fetal tachycardia). The primary outcome was postpartum endometritis. The odds of postpartum endometritis were compared between women with intraamniotic infection and women with clinical chorioamnionitis, after adjusting for potential confounders using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Of the original study population, 258 of 2241 (11.8%) subjects met the criteria for chorioamnionitis. Nearly all subjects (98.5%) received antibiotic treatment between randomization and delivery. A total of 144 subjects (55.8%) met the criteria for intraamniotic infection, whereas 114 (44%) only met the criteria for clinical chorioamnionitis. A total of 40 women (15.5%) experienced postpartum endometritis. Women with intraamniotic infection had higher parity (P=.02) and higher maximum maternal temperature (P<.001) and were more likely to have received antibiotic treatment (P=.04). Postpartum endometritis rates were similar between subjects with chorioamnionitis and intraamniotic infection (12% vs 18%; P=.50). After adjustment for potential confounders, the odds of developing postpartum endometritis did not differ between subjects who met the criteria for intraamniotic infection and those who did not (adjusted odds ratio, 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 0.62–2.62). Conclusion: Patients delivering preterm who receive a diagnosis of clinical chorioamnionitis in the intrapartum period seem to have similar odds of developing postpartum endometritis as those meeting the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists’ criteria for intraamniotic infection, suggesting that this group remains at a high risk for postpartum infectious complications.
Recommendations and management of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy during COVID-19 pandemic in Italy; Many specialists use the remote management of people with chronic disease as diabetes, but structured management protocols have not been developed yet. The COVID-19 pandemic has given a big boost to the use of telemedicine, as it allows to maintain the physical distance, essential to the containment of contagion having regular health contact. Encouraging results related to the use of telemedicine in women with hyperglycaemia in pregnancy, have been recently published. It is well known that hyperglycaemia alters the immune response to infections, that inflammation, in turn, worsens glycaemic control and that any form of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy (HIP) has effects not only on the mother but also on development of the foetus. Therefore, the Italian Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group, together with a group of experts, developed these recommendations in order to guide physicians in the management of HIP, providing specific diagnostic, therapeutic and assistance pathways (PDTAs) for the COVID-19 emergency. Three detailed PDTAs were developed, for type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes.
A Long-Term Survivor With Alveolar Capillary Dysplasia; A patient with alveolar capillary dysplasia has survived more than 56 months with medical therapy. Intrauterine exposure to metformin potentially…
Understanding self-guided web-based educational interventions for patients with chronic health conditions: Systematic review of intervention features and adherence; Background: Chronic diseases contribute to 71% of deaths worldwide every year, and an estimated 15 million people between the ages of 30 and 69 years die mainly because of cardiovascular disease, cancer, chronic respiratory diseases, or diabetes. Web-based educational interventions may facilitate disease management. These are also considered to be a flexible and low-cost method to deliver tailored information to patients. Previous studies concluded that the implementation of different features and the degree of adherence to the intervention are key factors in determining the success of the intervention. However, limited research has been conducted to understand the acceptability of specific features and user adherence to self-guided web interventions. Objective: This systematic review aims to understand how web-based intervention features are evaluated, to investigate their acceptability, and to describe how adherence to web-based self-guided interventions is defined and measured. Methods: Studies published on self-guided web-based educational interventions for people (≥14 years old) with chronic health conditions published between January 2005 and June 2020 were reviewed following the PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses) Statement protocol. The search was performed using the PubMed, Cochrane Library, and EMBASE (Excerpta Medica dataBASE) databases; the reference lists of the selected articles were also reviewed. The comparison of the interventions and analysis of the features were based on the published content from the selected articles. Results: A total of 20 studies were included. Seven principal features were identified, with goal setting, self-monitoring, and feedback being the most frequently used. The acceptability of the features was measured based on the comments collected from users, their association with clinical outcomes, or device adherence. The use of quizzes was positively reported by participants. Self-monitoring, goal setting, feedback, and discussion forums yielded mixed results. The negative acceptability was related to the choice of the discussion topic, lack of face-to-face contact, and technical issues. This review shows that the evaluation of adherence to educational interventions was inconsistent among the studies, limiting comparisons. A clear definition of adherence to an intervention is lacking. Conclusions: Although limited information was available, it appears that features related to interaction and personalization are important for improving clinical outcomes and users f experience. When designing web-based interventions, the selection of features should be based on the targeted population fs needs, the balance between positive and negative impacts of having human involvement in the intervention, and the reduction of technical barriers. There is a lack of consensus on the method of evaluating adherence to an intervention. Both investigations of the acceptability features and adherence should be considered when designing and evaluating web-based interventions. A proof-of-concept or pilot study would be useful for establishing the required level of engagement needed to define adherence.
Antenatal care of mothers and morbidity and mortality disparities among preterm saudi and non-saudi infants less than or equal to 32 weeks' gestation; BACKGROUND: Premature non-Saudi infants comprise a significant proportion of neonatal intensive care unit admissions in Saudi Arabia. Any differences in antenatal care of mothers and neonatal outcomes compared with premature Saudi infants are unreported. OBJECTIVE: Assess antenatal care of mothers and neonatal outcomes among premature Saudi and non-Saudi infants, and investigate possible reasons for disparities. DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study. SETTING: Tertiary care center in Riyadh. PATIENTS AND METHODS: All neonates of gestational age ≤32 weeks and birthweight <1500 g admitted from 2015 to 2019 were included. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Antenatal care of mothers and rates of neonatal mortality and morbidity in premature Saudi and non-Saudi infants. SAMPLE SIZE: 755 premature infants, 437 (57.9%) Saudi, 318 (42.1%) non-Saudi. RESULTS: Saudi mothers received more antenatal steroids and were more likely to have gestational diabetes mellitus (P=.01 and .03, respectively). Non-Saudi mothers were more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension (P=.01). Non-Saudi infants had significantly higher rates of intraventricular hemorrhage, patent ductus arteriosus, pulmonary hemorrhage, bronchopulmonary dysplasia and necrotizing enterocolitis compared with Saudi infants (P=.03, <.001, .04, .002, and <.001, respectively). There were no significant differences in mortality rate, early-onset sepsis, and late-onset sepsis between Saudi and non- Saudi infants (P=.81, .81, and .12, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: Disparities exist in the antenatal care of Saudi and non-Saudi women and in the neonatal morbidities of their premature infants. There was no difference in the neonatal mortality rate. More quality improvement initiatives are required to reduce differences in antenatal and neonatal outcomes.
Comparison of effectiveness of routine antenatal care with a midwife-managed clinic service in prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus in early pregnancy at a hospital in China; Background: Women with normal fasting glucose (FPG) range (5.1 £FPG <6.09 mmol/L) in early pregnancy are at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness of routine antenatal care with a midwife-managed clinic service in the prevention of GDM in early pregnancy at a hospital in China. Material/Methods: We designed a prospective observational clinical study among pregnancy women with normal fasting glucose (FPG) range (5.1 £FPG <6.09 mmol/L) in early pregnancy. Routine antenatal care was compared with a midwife-managed clinic service providing diet and exercise education before week 16. A 75-g OGTT was performed at weeks 24-28 for both groups. Results of OGTT and gestational weight gain were compared between the 2 groups. Results: Of the 592 eligible women, 296 women received the antenatal nursing clinic service and 296 were enrolled in a control group. Thirty-three women were lost to follow-up during the study, leaving 279 in the intervention group and 280 in the control group. Baseline demographic characteristics were similar between the 2 groups. GDM was diagnosed in 115 participants (41.2%) in the intervention group and 141 (50.4%) in the control group. Subgroup analysis showed a significantly lower rate of GDM in the intervention group among the No-IVF population (37.8% vs. 49.0%, P=0.01%). For pre-pregnancy BMI, significant differences were found in the incidence of GDM and maternal hypertension between the different groups, showing that the overweight group benefited most from the midwife-managed antenatal clinic service. Conclusions: The midwife-managed clinic service was feasible and effective in the prevention of GDM.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on maternal cardiac adaptation to pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether maternal cardiac adaptation at term differs between women with, and those without, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This was a prospective case-control study of pregnant women at term with or without GDM. For both cases and controls, only women without any comorbidity or form of pre-existing diabetes who had a singleton pregnancy without complication (such as pre-eclampsia or fetal growth restriction) were included. All women underwent conventional and speckle-tracking echocardiography to assess both the left- and right-heart geometry and function. RESULTS: A total of 40 women with GDM and 40 healthy controls were enrolled. Women with GDM, compared with controls, had a significantly higher heart rate (83 ± 10 vs 75 ± 9 beats per min; P < 0.001), left ventricular (LV) relative wall thickness (0.43 ± 0.07 vs 0.37 ± 0.08; P < 0.001), LV early diastolic transmitral valve velocity (E) (0.80 ± 0.15 vs 0.73 ± 0.12 m/s; P = 0.026) and LV late diastolic transmitral valve velocity (A) (0.65 ± 0.13 vs 0.57 ± 0.11 m/s; P = 0.006). In women with GDM compared with controls, speckle-tracking analysis revealed a significant reduction in LV global longitudinal strain (GLS) (-16.29 ± 2.26 vs -17.61 ± 1.89; P = 0.012), LV endocardial GLS (-18.50 ± 2.59 vs -19.84 ± 2.35; P = 0.031) and LV epicardial GLS (-14.40 ± 2.01 vs -15.73 ± 1.66; P = 0.005). Right ventricular (RV) analysis revealed a reduced pulmonary acceleration time (58 ± 10 vs 66 ± 11 ms; P = 0.001) and RV E/A ratio (1.13 ± 0.18 vs 1.29 ± 0.35; P = 0.017), as well as a higher RV myocardial systolic annular velocity (0.16 ± 0.04 vs 0.14 ± 0.02; P = 0.023) and peak late diastolic transtricuspid valve velocity (0.46 ± 0.1 m/s vs 0.39 ± 0.08 m/s; P = 0.001), in women with GDM compared to controls. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show that even a short period of exposure to hyperglycemia, as occcurs in women with GDM, is associated with significant maternal functional cardiac impairment at term. Given these findings, further study of postnatal maternal cardiovascular recovery after GDM pregnancy is warranted. Copyright © 2019 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Evaluation of anthropometric measures for assessment of cardiometabolic risk in early childhood; OBJECTIVE: Waist-to-height ratio has been shown to be an important indicator of cardiometabolic risk. There are few studies evaluating this measure against existing measures of adiposity and cardiometabolic markers in early childhood. The objectives were: (i) to determine in young children the ability of waist-to-height ratio, BMI z-score, weight for length, and sum of skin fold thickness to predict cardiometabolic risk and (ii) to examine this association at ages 1, 3 and 5 years. DESIGN: Prospective cohort study. SETTING: A university hospital in Toronto, Ontario. PARTICIPANTS: Infants at 1 (n 406), 3 (n 112) and 5 years of age (n 94) born to mothers with and without gestational diabetes mellitus. RESULTS: Weight for length and BMI z-score demonstrated the strongest correlations with biochemical measures compared to waist-to-height ratio, including leptin (at 5 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·65, P < 0·001; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·67, P < 0·001) and measures of insulin resistance (at 3 years, weight for length z-score: ρ = 0·25, P = 0·02; BMI z-score: ρ = 0·24, P = 0·02). The magnitude of associations between anthropometric measures and biochemical measures strengthened over time. Weight for length and BMI z-scores were moderately correlated with overall measures of fat mass as measured by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry (ρ = 0·65, P = 0·00; ρ = 0·61, P = 0·01). CONCLUSIONS: Waist-to-height ratio was not superior to existing measures in predicting cardiometabolic risk in young children. BMI z-score is a preferred measure of adiposity between birth and 5 years of age.
Maternal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus at 35-36 weeks' gestation and 6 months postpartum; OBJECTIVE: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for adverse cardiovascular outcome later in life. However, it is uncertain whether this increased risk is due to cardiovascular changes occurring during pregnancy and persisting thereafter or to an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor profile. Some studies have reported that GDM is associated with reduced systolic and diastolic left ventricular function in pregnancy; however, it remains unknown whether these changes persist after delivery. The objective of this study was to compare cardiac function and structure in women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy at 35-36 weeks' gestation and about 6 months after delivery. METHODS: This was a longitudinal study in which women with GDM and those with uncomplicated pregnancy had detailed cardiovascular assessment at 35-36 weeks' gestation and repeat examination around 6 months after delivery. In all women, left ventricular systolic and diastolic indices were measured and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was calculated. Cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance were also calculated using echocardiography. Linear mixed model analysis accounting for differences in maternal characteristics was carried out to compare findings of cardiovascular function between the GDM group and controls and within each group at 35-36 weeks' gestation and at 6 months after delivery. RESULTS: We studied 73 women with GDM and 73 controls with uncomplicated pregnancy. At 35-36 weeks' gestation, women with GDM, compared to controls, had higher E/e' ratio and lower E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain; there were no significant differences between the groups in ejection fraction. Left ventricular mass indexed for body surface area was also increased in women with GDM. There were no significant differences between the groups in cardiac output and peripheral vascular resistance. At 6 months after delivery, cardiac functional indices improved in both patients with GDM and controls, but in the GDM group, compared to controls, there was a lower degree of improvement in E/A ratio and global longitudinal systolic strain. CONCLUSION: In the third trimester, patients with GDM have subtle differences in diastolic and systolic left ventricular function compared to controls and, despite improvement after delivery, these changes persist for at least 6 months. Long-term follow-up is therefore needed to assess whether women with GDM are at risk for an accelerated decline in their cardiac function and, if so, whether this trend can be reversed or delayed by optimal cardiovascular risk factor modification. Copyright © 2020 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Deregulated mitochondrial DNA in diseases; Mitochondria play various important roles in energy production, metabolism, and apoptosis. Mitochondrial dysfunction caused by alterations in mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) can lead to the initiation and progression of cancers and other diseases. These alterations include mutations and copy number variations. Especially, the mutations in D-loop, MT-ND1, and MT-ND5 affect mitochondrial functions and are widely detected in various cancers. Meanwhile, several other mutations have been correlated with muscular and neuronal diseases, especially MT-TL1 is deeply related. These pieces of evidence indicated mtDNA alterations in diseases show potential as a novel therapeutic target. mtDNA repair enzymes are the target for delaying or stalling the mtDNA damage-induced cancer progression and metastasis. Moreover, some mutations reveal a prognosis ability of the drug resistance. Current efforts aim to develop mitochondrial transplantation technique as a direct cure for deregulated mitochondria-associated diseases. This review summarizes the implications of mitochondrial dysfunction in cancers and other pathologies; and discusses the relevance of mitochondria-targeted therapies, along with their contribution as potential biomarkers.
Differences in clinical outcomes between patients with and without hypoglycemia during hospitalization: A retrospective study using real-world evidence; Background: Some patients admitted to hospitals for glycemic control experience hypoglycemia despite regular meals and despite adhering to standard blood glucose control protocols. Different factors can have a negative impact on blood glucose control and prognosis after discharge. This study investigated risk factors for hypoglycemia and its effects on glycemic control during the hospitalization of patients in the general ward. Methods: This retrospective study included patients who were admitted between 2009 and 2018. Patients were provided regular meals at fixed times according to ideal body weights during hospitalization. We categorized the patients into two groups: those with and those without hypoglycemia during hospitalization. Results: Of the 3,031 patients, 379 experienced at least one episode of hypoglycemia during hospitalization (HYPO group). Hypoglycemia occurred more frequently particularly in cases of premixed insulin therapy. Compared with the control group, the HYPO group was older (61.0±16.8 years vs. 59.1±16.5 years, P=0.035), with more females (60.4% vs. 49.6%, P<0.001), lower body mass index (BMI) (23.5±4.2 kg/m2 vs. 25.1±4.4 kg/m2, P<0.001), and higher prevalence of type 1 diabetes mellitus (6.1% vs. 2.6%, P< 0.001), They had longer hospital stay (11.1±13.5 days vs. 7.6±4.6 days, P<0.001). After discharge the HYPO group had lower glycosylated hemoglobin reduction rate (−2.0%±0.2% vs. −2.5%±0.1%, P=0.003) and tended to have more frequent cases of cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: Hypoglycemia occurred more frequently in older female patients with lower BMI and was associated with longer hospital stay and poorer glycemic control after discharge. Therefore, clinicians must carefully ensure that patients do not experience hypoglycemia during hospitalization.
Identical cardiac lesions with divergent physiology in a monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy; Introduction: This case study reviews a monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy resulting in twins with identical cardiac lesions with divergent physiology. Case Presentation: Fetal care Institute patient with pregnancy complications including monozygous/diamniotic pregnancy, NIPT positive for Trisomy 21 in both twins, gestational diabetes, and growth restriction of Twin A. The fetal ECHO on both twins showed suspected Tetralogy of Fallot and with arch hypoplasia in Twin A. They were born at 30 weeks of gestation due to preterm labor. Postnatal Trisomy 21 was confirmed on both twins. Postnatal echocardiogram for Twin A showed a moderate perimembranous ventricular septal defect (VSD) (3.7 mm) with bidirectional flow, small-to-moderate PDA with bidirectional shunting, mostly left to right. Patent foramen ovale with left-to-right flow. No left heart enlargement. Mild tricuspid regurgitation, estimated RVSP 52 mmHg + RAp. Normal biventricular systolic function. The findings on twin B after delivery found moderate perimembranous VSD (3.5 mm) with bidirectional flow, mostly left to right, partially covered by tricuspid valve tissue. Moderate PDA with bidirectional shunting, mostly left to right. Patent foramen ovale with mostly leftto- right flow. No left heart enlargement. Mild tricuspid regurgitation, with estimated RVSP 54 mmHg + RAp. Normal biventricular systolic function. Both spent 3 months in the NICU due to feeding difficulties resulting in a G-tube placement and respiratory failure. Both required Lasix while in the NICU for clinical signs of pulmonary overcirculation. Both failed weaning from respiratory supportand were sent home on 1/8L nasal cannula. At their first outpatient clinic visit, both had low velocity flow across their VSD and a soft murmur on exam concerning for elevated right heart pressures. Prior to undergoing repair, both underwent a cardiac catheterization. The catheterization findings on Twin A showed a moderate perimembranous VSD, moderate secundum ASD, mildly elevated RVEDP (11 mmHg), elevated PA pressure (40-42 mmHg), normal PVR (1.92 iWU), upper normal LVEDP (10 mmHg), Qp:Qs = 4.25:1. The findings on Twin B showed a large perimembranous VSD with baseline Qp:Qs 2.27:1, elevated pulmonary vascular resistance at baseline 5.7 Woods units × m2, pulmonary vasodilator testing with iNO 40 ppm and FiO2 60% demonstrated improvement in PVR to high normal level 2.7 iWU and decreased cardiac output 2.4 L/min/m2. Based on the information found during the catheterization twin A underwent surgical closure of VSD, closure of ASD, and ligation of the PDA. Based on the information found during the cardiac catheterization, Twin B was started on Tadalafil prior to repair. Twin B underwent closure of an ASD and VSD and ligation of PDA. The post-operative course for both twins was uncomplicated. Conclusion: Both twins had identical cardiac lesions, NICU hospital issues including respiratory failure, echocardiogram findings with low velocity shunting across the ventricular septal defect with a soft murmur. However, their hemodynamics were drastically different with Twin A with a Qp:Qs of 4.25:1 and significant pulmonary overcirculation and Twin B with an elevated PVR at baseline that was reactive to pulmonary vasodilators and started medication prior to surgery. This represents a unique clinical case presentation.
Stent implantation in a ductus arteriosus in a new-born with the presence of the 5th aortic arch and complex heart disease with anomaly of the basal vessels; Introduction: The persistence of the fifth arch arteries is extremely rare. The bilateral fifth arch arteries have never been documented, unilateral partial fifth arch artery has been demonstrated only once in a developing human embryo, dorsal collateral channels connecting the fourth and sixth arches are common, to qualify as the fifth arch artery any channel must arise from the ascending aorta proximal to the brachiocephalic artery, take a serpentine course and lie extrapericardially and terminate in the dorsal aorta, or through the sixth arch into pulmonary artery or arteries. The use of echocardiography for diagnosis alone is difficult, with percutaneous angiography (or both) considered as reference methods. However, cardiac computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging can more accurately outline the anatomy of the arch and its variation. Case report: Male neonate 12 days old, born in another service, term, first child, mother with non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes, presented with choking and cyanosis on the first day of life, being referred to a neonatal intensive care unit, where, after hearing a heart murmur, he performed echocardiography and was diagnosed with tricuspid atresia and pulmonary valve stenosis. Maintained with prostaglandin and referred for evaluation by pediatrics cardiology and therapeutic procedure. The echocardiogram confirmed tricuspid atresia, pulmonary valve stenosis, and aortic arch to the right. Cardiac catheterization has been programed for stent placement in the ductus arteriosus. During examination, previous diagnoses were confirmed and anomalous origin of the vessels in the base was observed. There was a right subclavian with usual origin and other vessels originating from a common trunk (5th arch) that emitted the right and left carotid arteries, left subclavian, and tortuous artery canal (Figure 1). Through a puncture through the left axillary artery (Figure 2), two coronary stents were positioned, the first Nexgen 3.5 × 19 mm in the distal segment, and the second Nexgen 4.0 × 13 mm in the proximal segment of the canal, in overlapping nails with the first. Procedure performed successfully and without complications (Figure 3). The patient evolved with 89% saturation, discharge from the ICU on the 2nd postoperative day, and referred for outpatient follow-up using anti-aggregation. Conclusion: The presence of the 5th arch artery is rare and when associated with other complex heart diseases, it needs the evaluation of physicians specialized in congenital heart diseases for the proper diagnosis and treatment.
Insulin clearance is altered in women with a history of gestational diabetes progressing to type 2 diabetes; Background and aims: Insulin clearance is a relevant process in glucose homeostasis. In this observational study, we aimed to assess insulin clearance (ClINS) in women with former gestational diabetes (fGDM) both early after delivery and after a follow-up. Methods and results: We analysed 59 fGDM women, and 16 women not developing GDM (CNT). All women underwent an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) yearly, and an insulin-modified intravenous glucose tolerance test (IVGTT) at baseline and at follow-up end (until 7 years). Both IVGTT and OGTT ClINS was assessed as insulin secretion to plasma insulin ratio. We also defined IVGTT first (0–10 min) and second phase (10–180 min) ClINS. We found that 14 fGDM women progressed to type 2 diabetes (PROG), whereas 45 women remained diabetes-free (NONPROG). At baseline, IVGTT ClINS showed alterations in PROG, especially in second phase (0.88 ± 0.10 l·min−1 in PROG, 0.60 ± 0.06 in NONPROG, 0.54 ± 0.07 in CNT, p ≤ 0.03). Differences in ClINS were not found from OGTT. Cox regression analysis showed second phase ClINS as significant type 2 diabetes predictor (hazard ratio = 1.90, 95% confidence interval 1.09–3.30, p = 0.02). Conclusion: This study showed that insulin clearance derived from an insulin-modified IVGTT is notably altered in women with history of GDM progressing towards type 2 diabetes.
Lifestyle behavior and the risk of type 2 diabetes in the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort; Background and aims: We prospectively assessed the association between a healthy lifestyle score (HLS) and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a Mediterranean cohort. Methods and results: We followed up 11,005 participants initially free of diabetes diagnosis in the “Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra” (SUN) cohort. We evaluated the influence of lifestyle-related factors based on a score previously related to a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. Only one incident case of T2DM was found among those with a baseline BMI ≤22 kg/m2. Therefore, we excluded the BMI item and restricted the analysis to participants with a baseline BMI >22 kg/m2. We measured the baseline adherence of a HLS that included: never smoking, physical activity, Mediterranean diet adherence, moderate alcohol consumption, avoidance of binge drinking, low television exposure, taking a short nap, spending time with friends and working hours. Incident cases of T2DM were self-reported by participants and confirmed by a physician. Cox proportional-hazards regression models were fitted to assess the association between HLS and the incidence of T2DM. After a median follow-up of 12 years, 145 incident cases of T2DM were observed. Among participants with a BMI >22 kg/m2, the highest category of HLS adherence (7–9 points) showed a significant 46% relatively decreased hazard of T2DM compared with the lowest category (0–4 points) (multivariable adjusted HR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.30–0.99). Conclusions: Higher adherence to a HLS, including some factors not typically studied, may reduce T2DM risk. Preventive efforts should preferentially focus on weight control. However, this score may promote a comprehensive approach to diabetes prevention beyond weight reduction.
A Brief Overview of a Round Table Discussion about Venous Thromboembolism in Pregnancy during the First International Forum on Chinese Maternal-Fetal Medicine; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality though with low rates. Compared to nonpregnant women of comparable age, women during pregnancy have five- to ten-fold increased risk of VTE, additional risk factors for VTE during pregnancy include a personal history of thrombosis, the presence of a thrombophilia, cesarean delivery, obesity, hypertension, preeclampsia, autoimmune disease, heart disease, sickle cell disease and multiple gestation. Thus, early clinical evaluation, preferably in peri-conceptional period, is crucial for VTE risk detection and, thus, for prophylaxis decision making. VTE thromboprophylaxis brought significant advantages in pregnancy outcomes and maternal deaths. Common pharmacological and mechanical forms of thromboprophylaxis includes heparin compounds, anti-embolic stockings and intermittent pneumatic compression devices. Low-molecular-weight heparin as first line strategy. Current guidelines or expert opinions on VTE treatment or prophylaxis during pregnancy diverge significantly. High quality research in this area is still needed, and China needs to develop its own VTE guidelines. Importantly, absolute risks and potential benefits of VTE thromboprophylaxis should be evaluated to make the best decisions on VTE screening, prevention, and treatment.
The Human Breast Milk Metabolome in Overweight and Obese Mothers; Pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) is a major relevance factor, since maternal overweight and obesity can impair the pregnancy outcome and represent risk factors for several neonatal, childhood, and adult conditions, including excessive weight gain, cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus, and even behavioral disorders. Currently, breast milk (BM) composition in such category of mothers was not completely defined. In this field, metabolomics represents the ideal technology, able to detect the whole profile of low molecular weight molecules in BM. Limited information is available on human BM metabolites differences in overweight or obese compared to lean mothers. Analyzing all the metabolomics studies published on Medline in English language, this review evaluated the effects that 8 specific types of metabolites found altered by maternal overweight and obesity (nucleotide derivatives, 5-methylthioadenosine, sugar-alcohols, acylcarnitine and amino acids, polyamines, mono-and oligosaccharides, lipids) can exert on the risk of offspring obesity development and other potentially associated health outcomes and complications. However, metabolites variations in samples collected from overweight and obese mothers and the potentially correlated effects highlighted below still need further investigations and should be confirmed in future metabolomics studies on larger samples. Finally, the positive or negative influence of maternal overweight and obesity on the offspring, potentially exerted by breastfeeding, should be analyzed in close correlation with maternal age, genetic and environmental factors, including diet, and taking into account the interactions occurring between BM metabolites and lactobiome. The evaluation of all the factors affecting BM metabolites in overweight and obese mothers can lead to the comprehensive description of such biofluid and the related effects on breastfed subjects, potentially highlighting personalized needs of BM supplementation or short- and long-term prevention strategies to optimize offspring health.
Clinical improvement of severe COVID-19 pneumonia in a pregnant patient after caesarean delivery; The clinical implications of COVID-19 in pregnancy remain unknown. While preliminary reports demonstrate that pregnant patients have a similar symptomatic presentation to the general population, the appropriate management and timing of delivery in these patients is still unclear, as pregnancy may impose additional risk factors and impede recovery in gravid patients. In this brief report, we present a case of COVID-19 in a pregnant patient with severe respiratory compromise, whose clinical status significantly improved after caesarean delivery. We also address the potential benefits of experimental therapy, including tocilizumab, a monoclonal antibody that targets interleukin-6 receptors.
Proximal Weakness and Hypokalemia in a Pregnant Woman: The First Presentation of Gitelman Syndrome; Gitelman syndrome is an inherited disorder of kidney function characterized by hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia, and hypocalciuria. Its first presentation during pregnancy might be a challenging diagnostic and management issue, as there is little data available in the medical literature. Here we report a 26-year-old pregnant woman who was diagnosed with Gitelman syndrome for the first time during her second trimester of pregnancy. Refractory hypokalemia in the 18th week of pregnancy was treated with eplerenone. The pregnancy outcome was favorable both for the mother and neonate.
The impact of high intensity care around birth on long-term neurodevelopmental outcomes; Background: An equitable and affordable healthcare system requires a constant search for the optimal way to deliver increasingly expensive neonatal care. Therefore, evaluating the impact of hospital intensity around birth on long-term health outcomes is necessary if we are to assess the value of high intensity neonatal care against its costs. Methods: This study exploits uneven geographical distribution of high intensity birth hospitals across Canada to generate comparisons across similar Cerebral Palsy (CP) related births treated at hospitals with different intensities. We employ a rich dataset from the Canadian Multi-Regional CP Registry (CCPR) and instrumental variables related to the mother's location of residence around birth. Results: We find that differences in hospitals' intensities are not associated with differences in clinically relevant, long-term CP health outcomes. Conclusions: Our results suggest that existing matching mechanism of births to hospitals within large metropolitan areas could be improved by early detection of high risk births and subsequent referral of these births to high intensity birthing centers. Substantial hospitalization costs might be averted to Canadian healthcare system ($16 million with a 95% CI of $6,131,184 - $24,103,478) if CP related births were assigned to low intensity hospitals and subsequently transferred if necessary to high intensity hospitals.
Are serum levels of ADAMTS5, TAS and TOS at 24–28 gestational weeks associated with adverse perinatal outcomes in gestational diabetic women?; We aimed to determine the role of placental A Disintegrin and Metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 5 (ADAMTS5), and maternal serum ADAMTS5, total antioxidant status (TAS), total oxidant status (TOS) and oxidative stress index (OSI) levels at 24–28th gestational weeks in GDM. This study included 57 patients, who had been diagnosed as having GDM at their 24–28th gestational week, and 29 controls. The maternal blood samples were collected at the 24-28th gestational week and ADAMTS5 was studied with the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) method, whereas an automated colorimetric method was used to study TAS, TOS, and OSI. The level of ADAMTS5 in maternal serum of patients with GDM were significantly lower than the controls (p =.017); whereas TOS and OSI levels were significantly higher (p =.003 and p =.008). Multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed ADAMTS5 and TOS levels were independently associated with adverse perinatal outcomes (p =.004 and p =.018). We found that serum ADAMTS5 levels decreased and TOS level increased in GDM pregnant at 24–28th gestational weeks. In addition, we found that increased levels of serum ADAMTS5 and decreased TOS levels at 24–28th weeks were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes independent of the mode of treatment in GDM.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. The insulin resistance, which starts at the 24–28th gestational weeks, increases during gestation. GDM increases maternal complications like preeclampsia, cesarean rate, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and diabetes after pregnancy; and neonatal complications like macrosomia, hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, delivery trauma, shoulder dystocia, and adult-onset obesity, and diabetes. What the results of this study add? A significant relationship between ADAMTS5, TOS levels and adverse perinatal outcome. insulin resistance and was observed. What the implications are of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Based on this finding, we concluded that increased levels of oxidative stress and decreased ADAMTS5 levels are associated with GDM and predictive for adverse perinatal outcomes. The results of the present study were consistent with the previous reports and indicated that increased oxidative stress in GDM patients are related to adverse perinatal outcomes.
Pheochromocytoma diagnosed during pregnancy: a case report; Pheochromocytoma is a rare catecholamine producing tumor. During pregnancy, this tumor can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia. We present a case of a 38-year-old, multiparous woman admitted at 36 weeks of gestation due to hypertension. After cesarean section, she developed an unexplainable worsening of her hypertension that was resistant to the traditional therapy. Additional investigation lead to the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. This case highlights the importance of an early diagnosis and the need of a multidisciplinary approach for the improvement of pregnancy outcomes in patients with pheochromocytoma.
Infant blood lipids: a systematic review of predictive value and influential factors; Introduction: Blood lipid screening recommendations begin at ages 9–11 years, despite poor adherence and evidence of fatty streaks in coronary arteries by 3 years of age. For cardiovascular disease (CVD) prevention, there may be value in earlier measurement of blood lipids. Areas covered: The present systematic review examines evidence concerning total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and triglycerides during the infant period. Included are studies examining the extent to which infant blood lipids predict later values in childhood and factors that influence their magnitude. A total of 38 articles (published from 1965 to 2013) met inclusion criteria and were examined in this review. Expert opinion: Longitudinal data suggest correlative relationships in all lipid values around 6 months of age, except for TRG. Influential factors related to blood lipids in infancy include sex, race, family history, feeding, gestational length, birth weight, and maternal factors. Clinical measurement of infant lipids could perhaps provide an early marker of CVD and a target of early CVD prevention strategies. The identification of personal characteristics that associate with high or low values in each lipid could become important in the early identification of vulnerable populations and the promotion of personalized CVD prevention.
Impact of type I and type II maternal diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac function assessment parameters using spectral and tissue Doppler; The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) on fetal cardiac function two-dimensional parameters using spectral and tissue Doppler. Pregnant women between 20 and 36 + 6 weeks gestation were divided into three groups: controls, type I DM, and type II DM. The right ventricle (RV) and left ventricle (LV) annular velocity peaks were measured using spectral (E, A) and tissue (E′, A′, S′) Doppler. The myocardial performance index was calculated as (isovolumetric contraction time [ICT] + isovolumetric relaxation time [IRT])/ejection time using tissue (MPI′) and the spectral Doppler (MPI). A general linear model, with fetal heart rate as a covariant, was used to evaluate the effect of DM on the fetal heart function assessment parameters. To assess the association of type I and II DM with adverse perinatal outcomes, Fisher’s exact test was used. A receiver operating characteristic curve was used to determine the best cutoff for fetal cardiac function assessment parameters to identify the neonatal composite outcomes. The sample comprised 179 pregnant women. DM had significant effect on RV and LV A peak velocities (p = 0.026 and p = 0.011, respectively). LV ICT (p < 0.001) and LV MPI (p < 0.001) were significantly affected by maternal DM. Fetuses from pregnant women with type II DM showed significantly higher LV MPI (0.492 vs. 0.459, p = 0.006) and RV S′ (7.2 vs. 6.44 cm/s, p = 0.024) than controls. Fetuses from type I DM pregnant women showed increase in cardiac parameters that evaluated the LV and RV diastolic function (LV IRT′ p < 0.001 and RV MPI′ p = 0.044). Type I and II DM were associated with adverse perinatal outcomes: neonatal intensive care unit stay (p < 0.0001), macrosomia (p < 0.0001), hyperbilirubinemia (p < 0.0001), and hypoglycemia (p < 0.0001). The LV MPI′ showed significant but moderate sensitivity in identifying the composite neonatal outcomes (AUC: 0.709, 95% CI 0.629–0.780, p < 0.001). Tissue Doppler and MPI parameters can be useful to detect subclinical cardiac dysfunction in the fetal heart of pregestational DM pregnant women.
Maternal health care management during the outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019; Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a novel type of highly contagious pneumonia caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Despite the strong efforts taken to control the epidemic, hundreds of thousands of people were infected worldwide by 11 March, and the situation was characterized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization. Pregnant women are more susceptible to viral infection due to immune and anatomic alteration, though hospital visits may increase the chance of infection, the lack of medical care during pregnancy may do more harm. Hence, a well-managed system that allows pregnant women to access maternal health care with minimum exposure risk is desired during the outbreak. Here, we present the managing processes of three pregnant women who had fever during hospitalization in the gynecology or obstetrics department, and then, we further summarize and demonstrate our maternal health care management strategies including antenatal care planning, patient triage based on the risk level, admission control, and measures counteracting emergencies and newly discovered high-risk cases at in-patient department. In the meantime, we will explain the alterations we have done throughout different stages of the epidemic and also review relative articles in both Chinese and English to compare our strategies with those of other areas. Although tens of COVID-19 cases were confirmed in our hospital, no nosocomial infection has occurred and none of the pregnant women registered in our hospital was reported to be infected.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes with COVID-19: A systematic review of 108 pregnancies; Introduction: The pandemic caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) has exposed vulnerable populations to an unprecedented global health crisis. The knowledge gained from previous human coronavirus outbreaks suggests that pregnant women and their fetuses are particularly susceptible to poor outcomes. The objective of this study was to summarize the clinical manifestations and maternal and perinatal outcomes of COVID-19 during pregnancy. Material and methods: We searched databases for all case reports and series from 12 February to 4 April 2020. Multiple terms and combinations were used including COVID-19, pregnancy, maternal mortality, maternal morbidity, complications, clinical manifestations, neonatal morbidity, intrauterine fetal death, neonatal mortality and SARS-CoV-2. Eligibility criteria included peer-reviewed publications written in English or Chinese and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) or dual fluorescence PCR-confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection. Unpublished reports, unspecified date and location of the study or suspicion of duplicate reporting, cases with suspected COVID-19 that were not confirmed by a laboratory test, and unreported maternal or perinatal outcomes were excluded. Data on clinical manifestations, maternal and perinatal outcomes including vertical transmission were extracted and analyzed. Results: Eighteen articles reporting data from 108 pregnancies between 8 December 2019 and 1 April 2020 were included in the current study. Most reports described women presenting in the third trimester with fever (68%) and coughing (34%). Lymphocytopenia (59%) with elevated C-reactive protein (70%) was observed and 91% of the women were delivered by cesarean section. Three maternal intensive care unit admissions were noted but no maternal deaths. One neonatal death and one intrauterine death were also reported. Conclusions: Although the majority of mothers were discharged without any major complications, severe maternal morbidity as a result of COVID-19 and perinatal deaths were reported. Vertical transmission of the COVID-19 could not be ruled out. Careful monitoring of pregnancies with COVID-19 and measures to prevent neonatal infection are warranted.
Preeclampsia is a syndrome with a cascade of pathophysiologic events; This review integrates the currently available information on the molecular, cellular, and systemic mechanisms involved in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia. It highlights that the growth, protection, and promotion of the conceptus requires the modulation of an intact maternal immune system, communication between the mother and fetus, and adaptation of the maternal organic functions. A malfunction in any of these factors, on either side, will result in a failure of the cascade of events required for the normal course of pregnancy. Maladaptive processes, initially aiming to protect the conceptus, fail to anticipate the gradually increasing cardiovascular volume load during the course of pregnancy. As a result, multiple organ dysfunctions install progressively and eventually reach a state where mother and/or fetus are at risk of severe morbidity or even mortality, and where the termination of pregnancy becomes the least harmful solution. The helicopter view on pathophysiologic processes associated with preeclampsia, as presented in this paper, illustrates that the etiology of preeclampsia cannot be reduced to one single mechanism, but is to be considered a cascade of consecutive events, fundamentally not unique to pregnancy.
Secretagogin is related to insulin secretion but unrelated to gestational diabetes mellitus status in pregnancy; Secretagogin (SCGN) is a calcium binding protein related to insulin release in the pancreas. Although SCGN is not co-released with insulin, plasma concentrations have been found to be increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Until now, no study on SCGN levels in pregnancy or patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been published. In 93 women of a high-risk population for GDM at the Medical University of Vienna, secretagogin levels of 45 GDM patients were compared to 48 women with a normal glucose tolerance (NGT). Glucose tolerance, insulin resistance and secretion were assessed with oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) between the 10th and 28th week of gestation (GW) and postpartum. In all women, however, predominantly in women with NGT, there was a significant positive correlation between SCGN levels and Stumvoll first (rp = 0.220, p = 0.032) and second phase index (rp = 0.224, p = 0.028). SCGN levels were not significantly different in women with NGT and GDM. However, SCGN was higher postpartum than during pregnancy (postpartum: 88.07 ± 35.63 pg/mL; pregnancy: 75.24 ± 37.90 pg/mL, p = 0.004). SCGN was directly correlated with week of gestation (rp = 0.308; p = 0.021) and triglycerides (rp = 0.276; p = 0.038) in women with GDM. Therefore, SCGN is related to insulin secretion and hyperinsulinemia during pregnancy; however, it does not display differences between women with NGT and GDM.
Management of prediabetes in malaysian population: An experts’ opinion; Introduction: Prediabetes, typically defined as blood glucose levels above normal but below diabetes thresholds, denotes a risk state that confers a high chance of developing diabetes. Asians, particularly the Southeast Asian population, may have a higher genetic predisposition to diabetes and increased exposure to environmental and social risk factors. Malaysia alone was home to 3.4 million people with diabetes in 2017; the figure is estimated to reach 6.1 million by 2045. Developing strategies for early interventions to treat prediabetes and preventing the development of overt diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular and microvascular complications are therefore important. Methods: An expert panel comprising regional experts was convened in Kuala Lumpur, for a one-day meeting, to develop a document on prediabetes management in Malaysia. The expert panel comprised renowned subject-matter experts and specialists in diabetes and endocrinology, primary-care physicians, as well as academicians with relevant expertise. Results: Fifteen key clinical statements were proposed. The expert panel reached agreements on several important issues related to the management of prediabetes providing recommendations on the screening, diagnosis, lifestyle and pharmacological management of prediabetes. The expert panel also proposed changes in forthcoming clinical practice guidelines and suggested that the government should advocate early screening, detection, and intensive management of prediabetes. Conclusion: This document provides a comprehensive approach to the management of prediabetes in Malaysia in their daily activities and offer help in improving government policies and the decision-making process.
Abnormal fetal echocardiography in diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital: A descriptive cross-sectional study; Introduction: The sedentary lifestyle of women and change in their food habits has a significant role in developing diabetes in pregnancies. This leads to an increased chance of fetal cardiac abnormality born by a mother with gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. The objective of the study is to find out the prevalence of abnormal fetal echocardiography in gestational and pre-existing diabetic pregnant women at a tertiary care hospital. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional study was conducted among 104 diabetic pregnant women in a tertiary care hospital from April 15, 2017, to April 14, 2018. Ethical approval was obtained from the institutional review committee. The convenient sampling method was used. The patients who were diagnosed as gestational diabetes and diabetic before pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was mainly done at a gestational age of 22-32 weeks depending upon the time of diagnosis of gestational diabetes and for pre-diabetic women, fetal echocardiography was done at 24-26 weeks of gestation. Statistical analysis was done using the Statistical Package of the Social Sciences version 20. Results: Among 104 patients, 16 (15.38%) patients had abnormal fetal echocardiography. Eighty-three (79.81%) were gestational diabetics, 21 (20.19%) were pre-existing diabetic women. Among 83 gestational diabetes, 7 (8.4%) had abnormal echo finding and among 21 pre-existing diabetics, 9 (42.8%) had abnormal echo finding. Conclusions: There was an increased chance of fetal cardiac malformation in gestational diabetic and pre-existing diabetics diabetic especially in an uncontrolled glycemic state. And, if they were diagnosed prenatally, clinical outcomes for both mother and fetus would have been better.
COVID-19 and acute coagulopathy in pregnancy; We present a putative link between maternal COVID-19 infection in the peripartum period and rapid maternal deterioration with early organ dysfunction and coagulopathy. The current pandemic with SARS-CoV-2 has already resulted in high numbers of critically ill patients and deaths in the non-pregnant population, mainly due to respiratory failure. During viral outbreaks, pregnancy poses a uniquely increased risk to women due to changes to immune function, alongside physiological adaptive alterations, such as increased oxygen consumption and edema of the respiratory tract. The laboratory derangements may be reminiscent of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count) syndrome, and thus knowledge of the COVID-19 relationship is paramount for appropriate diagnosis and management. In addition to routine measurements of D-dimers, prothrombin time, and platelet count in all patients presenting with COVID-19 as per International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH) guidance, monitoring of activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT) and fibrinogen levels should be considered in pregnancy, as highlighted in this report. These investigations in SARS-CoV-2-positive pregnant women are vital, as their derangement may signal a more severe COVID-19 infection, and may warrant pre-emptive admission and consideration of delivery to achieve maternal stabilization.
Activating variants in PDGFRB result in a spectrum of disorders responsive to imatinib monotherapy; More than 50 individuals with activating variants in the receptor tyrosine kinase PDGFRB have been reported, separated based on clinical features into solitary myofibromas, infantile myofibromatosis, Penttinen syndrome with premature aging and osteopenia, Kosaki overgrowth syndrome, and fusiform aneurysms. Despite their descriptions as distinct clinical entities, review of previous reports demonstrates substantial phenotypic overlap. We present a case series of 12 patients with activating variants in PDGFRB and review of the literature. We describe five patients with PDGFRB activating variants whose clinical features overlap multiple diagnostic entities. Seven additional patients from a large family had variable expressivity and late-onset disease, including adult onset features and two individuals with sudden death. Three patients were treated with imatinib and had robust and rapid response, including the first two reported infants with multicentric myofibromas treated with imatinib monotherapy and one with a recurrent p.Val665Ala (Penttinen) variant. Along with previously reported individuals, our cohort suggests infants and young children had few abnormal features, while older individuals had multiple additional features, several of which appeared to worsen with advancing age. Our analysis supports a diagnostic entity of a spectrum disorders due to activating variants in PDGFRB. Differences in reported phenotypes can be dramatic and correlate with advancing age, genotype, and to mosaicism in some individuals.
Late-onset fetal growth restriction: Or just ultrasound?; ​ Late-onset fetal growth restriction (FGR) is still a diagnostic challenge. Current criteria are based on ultrasonography in which biometric measurements and Doppler flows are used. Differentiation between the constitutional low birth weight and FGR is still being explored. Diagnostic methods that clearly indicate a group of fetuses with FGR may prove to be key in developing algorithms.
Basic fetal heart examination: The protocol at 18–22 weeks and literature review; Congenital heart defects (CHDs) remain the most common birth defect in live births and are the main factors of infant morbidity and mortality in the developed countries. Rapid development of technology over the past decade has led to a significant change in survival rates of infants with CHDs. Early diagnosis and appropriate CHD treatment are essential for the improvement of perinatal outcome. Each year in Poland, we observe dynamic progress in the use of ultrasound prenatal techniques, which offers pregnant women a high-level examination. Basic screening examinations are offered for majority of women, as well as, for selected cases who demand more advanced and extensive ultrasound including fetal echocardiography. The aim of this paper is to summarize the recent knowledge in fetal screening ultrasound of the heart as a standard in the daily practice of every obstetrician-gynecologist.
Ocular manifestations of pregnancy and labour: from the innocuous to the sight threatening; Key content: Pregnancy may precipitate several physiological changes that can have ocular consequences; many of these are innocuous and require little more than reassurance for the patient. There are uncommon instances of new sight-threatening pathology that necessitate a prompt approach. Pregnant women presenting to the ophthalmologist with ocular symptoms can cause concern because alternative differentials may need to be considered; and the potential teratogenic or fetotoxic effects of investigations or treatment mean that management decisions may, in some cases, differ to those of the nonpregnant patient. Learning objectives: To be aware of both physiological and pathological ocular changes that may occur during pregnancy. To develop a greater understanding of investigations and management of ophthalmic and neuro-ophthalmic disorders in pregnancy. To develop an understanding of referral pathways, enabling an optimal outcome for both mother and baby.
Prediction of vaginal birth after cesarean section using scoring system at the time of admission for trial of labor: A one-year prospective cohort study; Aims and objectives: To assess the prediction of a successful trial of labor after cesarean section (TOLAC) using a predictive scoring system at the time of labor. Materials and methods: The present study was a prospective cohort study. Women with one previous lower segment cesarean section (LSCS) in labor admitted to the labor room, willing for a vaginal birth after cesarean section (VBAC) were included in the study and explained about the option of TOLAC with the predictive score (integer score) and its success. The predictive validity of the VBAC score was assessed by the receiver operating curve (ROC) analysis. Results: A total of 194 women were included in the study. The proportion of successful VBAC was 43.30% in the current study. The most common indication for previous LSCS in the patients who underwent repeat LSCS was nonprogress of labor (17.53%) followed by fetal distress in 12.89%. The VBAC score had good predictive validity in predicting successful VBAC, as indicated by the area under the curve of 0.853 (95% CI 0.798 to 0.908, p value < 0.001). The sensitivity of a VBAC score of 13.5 or more in predicting successful VBAC was 83.3% (95 CI 75.36% to 91.3%) and specificity was 78.2% (95 CI 70.46% to 85.9%). Positive predictive value was 74.5% (95 CI 65.65% to 83.3%), negative predictive value was 86% (95 CI 79.2% to 92.8%), and the total diagnostic accuracy was 80.4% (95 CI 74.83% to 86%). After controlling the effect of other values in the equation, the history of previous vaginal birth and high modified Bishop score were the factors that were significantly associated with successful VBAC. The symptomatic uterine rupture occurred in 0.1% of women who underwent TOLAC. No perinatal morbidity or mortality is seen. Conclusion: Vaginal birth after cesarean section score has demonstrated as a good predictive validity in predicting successful VBAC. TOLAC should be encouraged in most of the women who are willing to attempt it, provided no obstetric contraindication exists.
Sympathetic nervous system activity and reactivity in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with vascular dysfunction. Sympathetic nervous system activity (SNA) is an important regulator of vascular function, and is influenced by glucose and insulin. The association between GDM and SNA (re)activity is unknown. We hypothesize that women with GDM would have increased SNA during baseline and during stress. Methods: Eighteen women with GDM and 18 normoglycemic pregnant women (controls) were recruited. Muscle SNA (MSNA; peroneal microneurography) was assessed at rest, during a cold pressor test (CPT) and during peripheral chemoreflex deactivation (hyperoxia). Spontaneous sympathetic baroreflex gain was quantified versus diastolic pressure at rest and during hyperoxia. Results: Age, gestational age (third trimester) and pre-pregnancy body mass index and baseline MSNA was not different among the groups. Women with GDM had a similar increase in MSNA, but a greater pressor response to CPT compared to controls (% change in MAP 17 ± 7% vs. 9 ± 9%; p =.004). These data are consistent with a greater neurovascular transduction in GDM (% change in total peripheral resistance/% change in burst frequency [BF]: 15.9 ± 30.2 vs. −5.2 ± 16.4, p =.03). Interestingly, women with GDM had a greater reduction in MSNA during hyperoxia (% change in BF −30 ± 19% vs. −6 ± 17%; p =.01). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM have similar basal SNA versus normoglycemic pregnant women, but greater neurovascular transduction, meaning a greater influence of the sympathetic nerve activity in these women. We also document evidence of chemoreceptor hyperactivity, which may influence SNA in women with GDM but not in controls.
Efficacy of low-dose nicardipine for emergent treatment of severe postpartum hypertension in maternal intensive care units: An observational study; Objectives: To investigate the efficacy of low-dose intravenous nicardipine for emergent management of severe postpartum hypertension in maternal intensive care units (ICUs). Study design: The initial dosage of nicardipine was dependent upon patient systolic blood pressure (SBP). Patients with an SBP of 160–179 mmHg received an initial dosage of 2 mg/h, and 4 mg/h was administered to patients where SBP exceeded 180 mmHg. Main outcome measures: The efficacy of nicardipine was evaluated by measuring the time interval for achieving the target blood pressure, and its safety was determined by the incidence of severe adverse maternal effects. Results: A total number of 101 patients were admitted to the ICU for severe postpartum hypertension and treated with nicardipine. For patients with an SBP of 160–179 mmHg (n = 28), the interval was 14.04 ± 11.00 min (mean ± SD) for achieving the target blood pressure, and the frequency for adjusting the nicardipine dosage was 1.46 ± 1.17. For patients with an SBP ≥ 180 mmHg (n = 73), the interval was 30.75 ± 16.15 min, and the frequency was 1.62 ± 1.38. Three patients with an SBP ≥ 240 mmHg and/or a diastolic blood pressure (DBP) ≥ 130 mmHg failed to achieve the target blood pressure within 60 min. No severe adverse effects occurred in this study. Conclusions: Our findings showed that low-dose nicardipine could be used to lower elevated blood pressure safely and rapidly in patients admitted to the ICU for severe postpartum hypertension.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease: A case-control study; Objective: to investigate the prevalence and risk factors in newborns with congenital heart defects (CHD). Methods: this case-control study included 234,386 births from January 2006 to June 2013 that were evaluated and registered in the Latin-American Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECLAMC) methodology, establishing the Bogota Birth Defects Surveillance and Follow-up Program (BBDSFP). Results: 234,368 births were registered and 277 of them were identified to have a CHD. The most common defect among all was ventricular septal defect (13.7%) followed by atrial septal defect (10.1%). As main associations we obtained: having any type of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus had an increased risk for the development of CHD (OR 16.36 CI: 4.54–58.35). Low weight newborns (less than 2,500 g) (OR: 4.13 CI: 3.13–5.44) and a gestational age lower than 36 weeks (OR: 4.92 CI: 3–5.44) were also linked to malformations. Conclusions: women with diabetes mellitus represent a high-risk pregnancy group, more work is needed to educate diabetic women, so CHD can be prevented and the outcomes of their pregnancy can be improved. Appropriate glycemic control before and during pregnancy may reduce CHD.
Diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy: a case report.; ANTECEDENTES: La cetoacidosis diabética es una complicación grave de la diabetes que, a menudo, resulta en una emergencia médica. Puede afectar a mujeres con diabetes tipo 1 y 2 y raramente a mujeres con diabetes gestacional (1-3% de todas las pacientes que cursan con diabetes durante el embarazo). OBJETIVO: Reportar el caso de una paciente embarazada, con cetoacidosis diabética. Por la baja frecuencia de este padecimiento resulta interesante su informe y revisar la bibliografía. CASO CLÍNICO: Paciente de 32 años, con 40.1 semanas de embarazo, con diabetes mellitus tipo 2 descompensada. Acudió a un centro de primer nivel de atención debido a: tensión arterial 145-95 mmHg, dolor en el epigastrio, actividad uterina irregular, náusea y vómito. Fue referida al Hospital General de Chimalhuacán. La paciente ingresó al servicio de Urgencias con: presión arterial 145-96 mmHg, frecuencia cardiaca 87 lpm, temperatura 37.2 oC, frecuencia cardiaca fetal 180 lpm, sostenida. Los estudios de laboratorio reportaron: glucemia de 553 mg/dL, cetonemia, pH 7.3. Debido a la taquicardia fetal sostenida se decidió finalizar el embarazo mediante cesárea. De acuerdo con los criterios diagnósticos de cetoacidosis diabética se estableció el diagnóstico de cetoacidosis diabética moderada. CONCLUSIONES: La cetoacidosis diabética es una complicación rara y grave, con consecuencias nocivas para el feto y la madre. El reconocimiento rápido de los factores precipitantes, la administración inicial de líquidos, insulina y la corrección del desequilibrio hidroelectrolítico son prioridades para revertir la cetoacidosis diabética. PALABRAS CLAVE: Cetoacidosis diabética; diabetes tipo 1; diabetes tipo 2; diabetes gestacional; embarazo; presión arterial; glucemia; cesárea. BACKGROUND: Diabetic ketoacidosis is a serious complication of diabetes that often results in a medical emergency. It usually occurs in patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus, especially newly developed, but it can also affect women with type 2 diabetes and rarely women with gestational diabetes (1-3% of all patients with diabetes during the pregnancy). OBJECTIVE: To present a case report of a pregnant woman who presented with diabetic ketoacidosis, treatment and evolution. Given the low frequency of the pathology, it is interesting to report and review the current literature. CLINICAL CASE: A 32-year-old woman, with the diagnosis of decompensated type 2 diabetes mellitus, 40.1 weeks of gestation, who goes to a first level hospital for presenting; arterial tensions of 145 / 95mmHg, pain in epigastrium, irregular uterine activity, nausea and vomiting for what is referred to the General Hospital of Chimalhuacán. The patient enters the emergency department with, blood pressure 145/96 mmHg, heart rate 87x`, temperature 37.2 °C Fetal heart rate 180 beats per minute sustained, laboratory studies found glycaemia of 553 mg/dL, ketonemia, pH 7.3, fetal heart rate 180 beats per minute sustained so it is decided to terminate the pregnancy by caesarean section. According to the diagnostic criteria of diabetic ketoacidosis, the diagnosis of moderate diabetic ketoacidosis is established. CONCLUSIONS: Diabetic ketoacidosis is a rare but serious complication of diabetes in pregnancy, with harmful consequences for both the fetus and the mother. Rapid recognition of precipitating factors, initial fluid therapy, insulin administration and correction of hydroelectrolytic imbalance are priorities in the management of diabetic ketoacidosis. A multidisciplinary management that includes intensive care unit for the mother and neonatal intensive care, monitoring the maternal response to treatment is essential to reduce morbidity and mortality; fetal monitoring is necessary, as this will be directly affected or benefited according to the maternal response to treatment.
Effects of overexpression of Nrf2 protein on placental oxidative stress and fetal cardiac function in pregnant mice with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective To investigate the effects of overexpression of nuclear factor E2 related factor 2 (Nrf2) protein on placental oxidative stress and fetal cardiac function in pregnant mice with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods Thirty-six pregnant mice were randomly divided into four groups: control group, model group, pcDNA group and Nrf2 group. Pregnant mouse model of gestational diabetes was establish by intraperitoneal injection of streptozotocin (STZ); mice in each group were transfected with corresponding adenovirus or saline. RT-PCR and Western blotting were performed to detect the expression levels of Nrf2 mRNA and protein in the placenta of pregnant mice. Fasting blood glucose was measured, uterine index, total number of fetuses and abortion rate were calculated. The placental superoxide dismutase (SOD) activity, contents of reduced glutathione (GSH) and malondialdehyde (MDA) in pregnant mice were detected. HE staining was used to observe the pathological changes of liver and kidney tissue of pregnant mice. The protein expression level of Nrf2 in the heart tissue of offspring mice was detected by Western blotting. The heart rate (HR), left ventricular systolic pressure (LVSP), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and shortening fraction (FS) of offspring mice were measured; ELISA was performed to detect the serum contents of creatine kinase isoenzyme (CK-MB), cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and myoglobin (MB) of offspring mice. HE staining was used to observe the pathological changes of myocardium in offspring mice. Results Compared with the control group, the Nrf2 mRNA level, Nrf2 protein expression level, SOD activity and GSH content, as well as the HR, LVSP, LVEF and FS of the offspring mice were obviously reduced in model group and pcDNA group (P<0.05); the fasting blood glucose, abortion rate and MDA content in pregnant mice, as well as the contents of CK-MB, MB and cTnI in offspring mice increased, while the uterine index and total fetal number decreased significantly (P<0.05); while the above indicators showed no significant difference in Nrf2 group. Compared with the model group, the Nrf2 mRNA level and protein expression level, SOD activity, GSH content, as well as the HR, LVSP, LVEF and FS of offspring increased significantly in Nrf2 group; the fasting blood glucose, abortion rate and MDA content in pregnant mice, as well as the contents of CK-MB, MB and cTnI in offspring mice decreased, while the uterine index and total fetal number increased significantly (P<0.05); while the above indicators showed no significant difference in pcDNA group. In addition, HE staining results showed that Nrf2 overexpression reduced the pathological damage of liver and kidney tissues of diabetic pregnant mice and the myocardial damage of the offspring mice. Conclusion Over-expression of Nrf2 protein can alleviate placental oxidative stress in gestational diabetic pregnant mice and maintain the cardiac function of the offspring mice.
Zinc levels and birth weight in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A matched cohort study in China; Background: Zinc (Zn) has been suggested to impact fetal growth. However, the effect may be complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to its impact on fetal growth and placental transport. This study aims to investigate whether GDM modifies the association between Zn levels and birth weight. Method: A cohort matched by GDM was established in Taiyuan, China, between 2012 and 2016, including 752 women with GDM and 744 women without. Dietary Zn intake was assessed during pregnancy. Maternal blood (MB) and cord blood (CB) Zn levels were measured at birth. Birth weight was standardized as the z score and categorized as high (HBW, >4000 g) and low (LBW, <2500 g) groups. Multivariate linear regression and multinomial logistic regression were used to examine the association between Zn levels and birth weight in offspring born to women with or without GDM. Results: 88.8% (N = 1328) of the population had inadequate Zn intake during pregnancy. In women with GDM, MB Zn level was inversely associated with birth weight (β = –.17; 95% confidence interval (CI), –0.34 to –0.01), while CB Zn level was positively associated with birth weight (β = .38; 95% CI, 0.06-0.70); suggestive associations were observed between MB Zn level and LBW (odds ratio 2.01; 95% CI, 0.95-4.24) and between CB Zn level and HBW (odds ratio 2.37; 95% CI, 1.08-5.21). Conclusions: GDM may modify the associations between MB and CB Zn levels and birth weight in this population characterized by insufficient Zn intake. These findings suggest a previously unidentified path of adverse effects of GDM.
Hypertension in children; Purpose of reviewHypertension is a common finding in children, and increases the risk for future cardiovascular events. This review focuses on recent advances in pediatric hypertension research including changes in hypertension guidelines, epidemiology, predictors of hypertension, blood pressure (BP) measurement, effects on target organs, and treatment of hypertension.Recent findingsChanges in the 2017 hypertension guidelines by the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) have resulted in increased prevalence of elevated BP and hypertension in the United States, and there is no international consensus on these changes. Despite rising pediatric overweight and obesity in China, hypertension prevalence is stable, suggesting multifactorial effects on childhood BP. Maternal diabetes and exposure to particulate matter are associated with higher childhood BP, and body size in infancy and early childhood is a determinant of adult high BP. Children with elevated BP have evidence of target organ damage with altered retinal vasculature and pulse wave velocity parameters compared to normotensive patients. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers may be the best antihypertensive medications for the pediatric population even for African-American patients.SummaryResearch continues to illuminate contributors to pediatric hypertension and demonstrates opportunities for further study on the effects of hypertension and its management in children.
De novo variants in SUPT16H cause neurodevelopmental disorders associated with corpus callosum abnormalities; Introduction Whole-exome sequencing (WES) has identified de novo variants in chromatin remodelling genes in patients with neurodevelopmental disorders (NDD). We report on a novel genetic discovery in chromatin remodelling in patients with NDD who also have corpus callosum (CC) anomalies. Objective To discover novel genes linked to both CC anomalies and NDD. Methods Clinical WES was performed for evaluation of NDD, identifying five patients with de novo variants in SUPT16H, a subunit of the FACT (facilitates chromatin transcription) complex. The clinical phenotypes, genetic results and brain MRIs were obtained and systematically reviewed. In silico protein function predictions were assessed and allele frequencies in control populations were compared. Results We identified four patients with de novo missense variants in SUPT16H and one patient with a de novo deletion including SUPT16H. These variants were not reported in the updated Genome Aggregation Database. When assayable, all protein products were predicted to be damaging. Symptoms included intellectual disability, autistic features, minor dysmorphic features and seizures. Anomalies of the CC were seen in all three patients with available brain imaging. Conclusion Our findings implicate the gene SUPT16H in a novel disorder characterised by neurodevelopmental deficits and CC anomalies.
Folic Acid Supplement Use and Increased Risk of Gestational Hypertension; Current results regarding the effect of folic acid (FA) supplement use on gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia are limited and inconsistent. We aimed to investigate whether FA supplement use was associated with GH and preeclampsia. Participants from the Tongji Maternal and Child Health Cohort with information on periconceptional FA supplement use and diagnosis of GH/preeclampsia were included (n=4853). Robust Poisson regression was used to assess the association of FA supplement use and GH and preeclampsia. Among the 4853 participants in this study, 1161 (23.9%) and 161 (3.3%) women were diagnosed with GH and preeclampsia, respectively. The risk ratio of developing GH was higher in women who used ≥800 µg/d FA supplement from prepregnancy through midpregnancy than nonusers (risk ratio, 1.33 [1.08-1.65]). After adjusting for social-demographic, reproductive, lifestyle factors, family history of hypertension, other supplement use, and gestational weight gain, the adverse association remained significant (risk ratio, 1.32 [1.06-1.64]). Restricting the analysis among women with normal weight, without family history of hypertension, and without gestational diabetes mellitus, the positive FA-GH association still existed. We did not find any significant association between FA supplement use and preeclampsia regardless of adjustment. High-dose (≥800 µg/d) FA supplement use from prepregnancy through midpregnancy was associated with increased risk of GH. Attention should be given to avoid the potential risk of GH due to inappropriate FA supplement use in women who are planning or capable of pregnancy.
Retrospective analysis of patients with severe maternal morbidity receiving anaesthesia services using 'WHO near miss approach' and the applicability of maternal severity score as a predictor of maternal outcome; Background and Aims: Risk stratification of severely morbid obstetric patients receiving anaesthesia services can be helpful in improving maternal outcomes. This study was undertaken to analyse these patients using the WHO near-miss (NM) approach and to assess the applicability of maternal severity score (MSS) to predict maternal mortality. Methodology: This is a one-year retrospective cohort analysis at a tertiary care centre. Of all the obstetric patients receiving anaesthesia, those with 'potentially life-threatening conditions' (PLTC) were identified. Amongst women with PLTC, those fulfilling the WHO NM criteria were grouped into either maternal near miss (MNM) or maternal death (MD) depending on final survival outcome. The MSS was assessed upon admission to post-anaesthesia ICU. The cases of 'near miss' were compared to maternal death to determine the factors and WHO NM criteria significantly associated with mortality. Area under ROC curve (AUROC) was used to assess the accuracy of MSS to predict maternal mortality. Results: Of the 4351 anaesthetised obstetric patients, 301 were PLTC, 59 MNM and 11 MD. Obstetric haemorrhage was the commonest PLTC with the highest risk for MNM and MD. Preoperative organ dysfunction, referral from other centres, intra-uterine fetal death (IUFD) and WHO cardiovascular and respiratory NM criteria were significantly associated with mortality. MSS had excellent accuracy for the prediction of mortality (AUROC was 0.986 and 95% CI 0.966-0.996). Conclusion: Haemorrhage is the leading cause of MNM and MD. MSS is reliable in stratifying the severity of maternal morbidity and in predicting maternal mortality. Thus it can be used as an effective prognostic tool.
Impact of diabetes exposure on endothelial markers and their association with circulating miRNA; Objectives Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with metabolic alterations in the offspring leading to future risk of cardiometabolic disease. Circulating levels of adhesion molecules are predictive of future cardiovascular disease in adults, and have been shown to be associated with glycemic control. Diabetes exposure also alters miRNA expression in endothelial cells which also play a crucial role in vascular function. We hypothesized that exposure to diabetes in utero would result in higher concentrations of circulating adhesion molecules and these would be positively associated with exosome-borne miRNA. Methods Umbilical cord serum was collected from healthy, term offspring of women with type 2 or gestational DM (DM group) and normoglycemic controls undergoing elective cesarean section. Endothelial markers were measured by ELISA. Exosomes were precipitated from the serum and total RNA was extracted using commercially available kits. Reverse transcription and qPCR were done using equal volumes of total RNA and cDNA, respectively. Between-group differences were assessed using T-test or Mann Whitney U test, as appropriate, and p<0.05 was considered significant. Results As expected, C-peptide was 59% higher (p=0.0082), insulin 118% higher (p=0.0207) and non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA) 63% higher (p<0.001) in the cord blood from diabetes-exposed infants compared to controls. No between-group difference was found in ICAM, VCAM, E-selectin, soluble endoglin (sENG), or NO. Overall, sENG was significantly correlated with VCAM (r2=0.06, p=0.029), ICAM (r2=0.06, p=0.033), NEFA (r2=0.07, p=0.017), and all miRNAs measured in circulation. ICAM was also associated with E-selectin (r2=0.22, p<0.001) and NEFA (r2=0.07, p=0.018). Conclusions Circulating adhesion molecules have been predictive of future cardiovascular disease in adults and shown to be associated with glycemic control, but less is known about their utility in infants and children. In the present study, exposure to diabetes in utero resulted in higher NEFA and insulin in cord serum demonstrating metabolic derangement, but no differences in circulating adhesion molecules were observed. While the diabetic milieu of pregnancy does not appear to alter these circulating factors, Endoglin, a marker of angiogenesis, was associated with the adhesion markers as well as with circulating exosome-borne miRNAs suggesting that all may be co-secreted products of endothelial origin.
Pregnancy complications among filipino women; Background: There is an increasing trend of pregnancy complications in the Philippines. However, these are not well documented due to the lack of a national database. Aims: This study describes the prevalence of hypertension and lipid abnormalities among Filipino pregnant women, which result to complications during pregnancy. Methods: Multi-stage stratified random sampling was employed in the National Nutrition Survey and 6,166 pregnant women were included in the study. Demographic data was gathered through an interview questionnaire. Blood samples were drawn to determine fasting blood sugar (FBS), cholesterol, HDL and LDL, and triglycerides levels. Results: One in ten pregnant women (n=661) showed signs of pregnancy complications. High risk pregnancies were identified, ranging from heart disease (2.9%), gestational diabetes (3.2%), asthma (3.51%) and goiter (4.12%). Prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension is 18.26%. Dyslipidemia is high among sample population with a prevalence of 39.54% (n=376). Results showed that patients with hypertension are twice more likely to have pregnancy complications than those with normal BP (OR:1.95, CI 0.47, 6.08). Conclusions: Based on the data, there is a high prevalence of pregnancy complications in the Philippines which is associated with having hypertension and lipid abnormalities. Health policies should be made to cater to the early detection of disease in pregnant women and widespread campaign for affordable prenatal check-ups.
Referral pattern for fetal echocardiography in a low resource setting: A single center experience; Background: Fetal echocardiography (FE) is a sensitive and specific tool for early detection of Congenital Heart Defects (CHDs). However, it is cost and resource intensive, and requires technical expertise causing a burden in resource constraint settings. Our study aims to review the primary indications for FE among pregnant women as compared to international guidelines. Methods: A retrospective record review of all women who have had a FE at The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi between January 2015 and December 2016 was conducted. Information regarding maternal clinical characteristics, anomaly scan findings, indications for echocardiography, and findings on FE was collected. FE findings were categorized as (i) unremarkable (ii) minor CHD (iii) major CHD and (iv) heart rhythm issues. Minor CHD was defined as atrial and ventricular septal defects while major CHD was defined as Tetralogy of Fallot, double outlet right ventricle, hypoplastic left heart syndrome, transposition of great arteries and complete atrio-ventricular septal defects. In cases where the postnatal ECHO was performed, the findings of FE were compared to those on postnatal ECHO to determine the diagnostic accuracy of the FE. Results The dataset included 1910 patients. Maternal comorbidities including maternal diabetes, chronic hypertension (n=614, 32%) were the most common maternal indication while intra- cardiac echogenic foci (n=167, 46%) was the most common fetal indication for referral (refer to figure 1). Majority of the cases (n= 1765, 92.4%) did not have any significant clinical finding on FE while major CHD was detected in 4.2% (n=81) of cases. In those with CHD, the most common indication for getting a FE was an abnormal 4-chamber (n=31, 38%) view on the screening obstetric ultrasound. Of those delivered at our center, only 16% (n=182) had a post- natal echocardiogram done of which 0.6% (n=7) cases had a major change while 0.3% (n=4) cases had a minor change in postnatal echocardiogram findings compared to their prenatal echocardiograms. Discussion Even though abnormal four chamber view was not the most common referral indication for FE, it yielded the most cases of major CHD. While most of our patients were referred on the basis of maternal diabetes, intra-cardiac echogenic foci and advanced maternal age, none of these were warranted based on international guidelines and very few had major CHD on FE. This emphasizes the need for obstetricians, justifying referrals for a resource intensive procedure such as FE. Training of obstetric sonographers for assessment of the fetal heart and outflow tracts during routine ultrasound examination may be one of the approaches that have the greatest potential to improve the yield of CHD on FE.
Plasma lipidomic signatures for risk prediction of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); Introduction: Every year, >20,000 Australian women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placing them at risk of long-term cardiovascular disease. We hypothesised that lipid dysregulation would be evident in early gestation in women who later develop GDM. Identifying these changes could lead to early detection of GDM and its sequelae. Methods: Using Liquid-Chromatography Electrospray Ionization Tandem Mass Spectroscopy we examined lipid profiles (>700 species) in early pregnancy (12-15 weeks' gestation) plasma samples from women at low-risk (n = 217) or high-risk (n = 84) for GDM (HREC:/51952/MonH-2019-169657). The two cohorts were then compared using a fixed effect meta-analysis. Results: Seven hundred and thirty-four unique lipid signatures were quantified within each of the 301 plasma samples. Regression analyses (adjusting for maternal age and BMI) with 2-hour glucose values obtained during an oral glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks' identified 168 significant correlations between lipid concentration in the first trimester and insulin resistance in the second trimester (P > 0.0.05, Benjamini Hochberg adjusted). Notable associations included increases in diacylglycerols and triacylglycerols with increasing glucose values and decreases to saturated and monounsaturated ether lipids, alkylphosphatidylcholine and alkenylphosphatidylcholine species. These associations were present in both the low-and high-risk cohorts. Conclusions: Preliminary results suggest a relationship between maternal lipids in the first trimester, insulin resistance in the second trimester and the development of GDM. As these relationships were present in both the low-and high-risk cohorts potential screening of glycerolipids and ether lipids in the first trimester may be a useful tool for early prediction of GDM for all women.
Greater breastfeeding length and intensity after gestational diabetes is associated with improved glucose tolerance test in a subsequent pregnancy: The bliing study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with higher risk for developing diabetes (DM). Breastfeeding (BF) is protective for the development of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). BF may mediate GDM risk in a subsequent pregnancy. Methods: Multisite cohort study in Western Sydney of women with one previous GDM pregnancy. Health and breastfeeding information were surveyed. Outcome measures: diagnosis of GDM (ADIPS 1998 criteria) and glucose tolerance test (GTT) results in a subsequent pregnancy. Results: Of the 211 women eligible, 73% (n = 153) were diagnosed with GDM in their second pregnancy. Demographics were similar between GDM groups except for higher BMI (p = 0.03). A lower mean GTT was found over fasting, 1 hr and 2 hr results for both BF > 6 months (p = 0.03) and high intensity BF (p = 0.03). In adjusted analysis high intensity BF had lower 2 hr GTT result (p = 0.03). We found >6 months BF was associated with an 18% reduction in the risk of GDM (RR 0.82, CI 0.68-0.97). After adjusting for confounders the relationship was attenuated (RR 0.89, CI 0.76-1.03). Conclusions: This is the first study we are aware of to demonstrate that a greater intensity of BF can improve glycaemia in pregnant women who have a previous GDM affected pregnancy. BF may reduce incidence of GDM and subsequently future DM and cardiovascular disease risk.
Maternal cardiovascular risk after hypertensive pregnancy: NSW health population data; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) are associated with at least double the cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk within 10 years of an affected pregnancy. In a nationally representative Australian population, this study aimed to estimate relative and absolute risk of CVD after HDP, including interaction with other pregnancy complications and 'traditional' CVD risk factors. Methods: Retrospective cohort of women with singleton pregnancies in New South Wales Jan 2002-Dec 2016, linking population health administrative datasets including for maternity and hospital admissions. The exposure was new-onset HDP (preeclampsia/ eclampsia and gestational hypertension) and outcome hospitalisation or death due to cardiac disease or stroke. Covariates included demographics and other pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes (GDM), small-for-gestational-age and preterm birth. Results: Of the 528 106 women, 10.3% experienced HDP in their first pregnancy. Ten-year estimated absolute CVD risk was 5.5 per 1000 women after any HDP versus 2.1/1000 if no HDP, and 15.9/1000 after early-onset HDP. CVD event rate (adjusted model) was 2.5 times higher after late-onset HDP and 4.9 times higher after early-onset HDP. Combinations of pregnancy risk further increased future CVD likelihood: after GDM plus lateonset or early-onset HDP respectively, women had a 3.8-fold risk and 7.4-fold risk of CVD, while those with pre-term birth plus late-onset or early-onset HDP had a relative risk of 5.2 and 10.1 respectively. Maternal smoking added to risk. Conclusions: HDP conferred a clear increase in risk for premature CVD. Synergistic increases in risk were noted with both other pregnancy complications and traditional cardiovascular risk factors.
Postpartum conundrum; LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Distinguish postpartum thyroiditis from other common postpartum diagnoses LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Diagnose and manage postpartum hypothyroidism CASE: History and Physical 35 yo woman presented with 1 month of generalized swelling, pain, 35lb weight gain. Four months prior, she had a C-section and was not breastfeeding as she never lactated. She presented to 3 other hospitals and was diagnosed with postpartum cardiomyopathy but worsened despite empiric daily diuresis. She noted pain in her hands/ feet/knees, fatigue, constipation, dyspnea, fogginess, dry skin, slurred speech. Past medical history: HCV, opioid use disorder, G1P1. Medications: Methadone, Lasix Exam Vital signs normal. She was pale; had flat affect, flushed cheeks, swollen eyes, scalloped tongue, hoarse voice, diffuse non pitting edema, taut skin, generalized weakness, painful extremities. Thyroid was enlarged. Labs Cr 1.44. BNP normal. TSH 411. Free T4 <0.2. CK 717. Cortisol 1.4 Clinical Course Presentation was consistent with severe hypothyroidism without electrolyte abnormality, alteration in hemodynamics or mentation. EKG was normal. Hydrocortisone IV was given after Cortisol level was drawn, then Levothyroxine IV and LT3. Because of the patient's diffuse edema and presumed bowel wall edema, she was continued on IV medications for several days. Her speech, edema, pain, fT4 and T3 improved daily. Ultimately it was determined to be a very severe presentation of postpartum hypothyroidism. Anti-TPO was high. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: General internists may have less familiarity with conditions that commonly affect postpartum patients. The postpartum period is a time of immunologic rebound and thyroid antibody titer rise, leading to 5%prevalence of postpartum thyroiditis.1 Usual course for postpartum thyroiditis is initial transient thyrotoxicosis (2-6 months), then transient hypothyroidism (3-12months), and return to euthyroid state by 1 year.1 Half of patients present as ours did, with isolated hypothyroidism.1 Postpartum thyroiditis can be confused with normal postpartum or other postpartum diagnoses such as depression, lymphocytic hypophysitis, and rheumatologic conditions. Our patient was initially misdiagnosed with postpartum cardiomyopathy which also presents with edema and fatigue. Her non-pitting edema and lack of lactation were clues to delve further. Barriers to diagnosis may have included bias due to OUD and lack of familiarity with postpartum thyroid dysfunction. Risk factors for postpartum thyroiditis are T1DM, chronic viral hepatitis, SLE, gestational diabetes. The American Thyroid Association recommends patients with postpartum depression be screened for thyroid dysfunction as there is an unclear association. Patients considering future pregnancy should continue LT4 due to high risk for hypothyroidism. 1 Nguyen CT et al. Postpartum Thyroiditis. Clin Obstet Gyn 2019;62:359-64 CONCLUSION: Recognize common diagnoses in postpartum patients and consider thyroid dysfunction Know the risk factors for postpartum thyroiditis, screen and treat appropriately.
Not your average hypertension: Diagnosing and treating postpartum preeclampsia in primary care; LEARNING OBJECTIVE #1: Distinguish postpartum preeclampsia (PPE) from chronic hypertension in period after birth LEARNING OBJECTIVE #2: Review management of PPE CASE: A 26 year-old African American woman G2P2002 with preeclampsia in her first pregnancy presented 7 weeks postpartum. She was normotensive during pregnancy with an uncomplicated vaginal delivery. One day postpartum, her blood pressure was 160/90. She was started on nifedipine 30 mg XL and discharged home where her blood pressure was persistently elevated. She denied headache, blurred vision, abdominal pain, nausea/vomiting, chest pain, shortness of breath, and edema. Her obstetrician thought her postpartum recovery was normal and recommended followup with her PCP for chronic hypertension. OB history 1 prior pregnancy 2016 - uncomplicated preeclampsia FH Mother age 50, brother age 30 - hypertension Labs CMP and CBC normal. UA 100 protein (had been normal in pregnancy) PE Vitals normal except BP 170/90 BMI 24 Normal physical exam Based on the above, the patient was diagnosed with PPE. Her nifedipine was increased to 60mg XL with home blood pressure monitoring and 1- week followup. IMPACT/DISCUSSION: PPE is underdiagnosed and associated with significant morbidity. Up to 1/4 of eclamptic seizures occur 48 hours to 6 weeks postpartum. Intracerebral hemorrhage and stroke are other devastating sequelae. PPE risk factors are similar to preeclampsia's, including preeclampsia in prior pregnancy, being black or Latino, age > 40, obesity, multiparity and gestational diabetes. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) defines preeclampsia as blood pressure > 140/90 and one of the following: proteinuria, thrombocytopenia, renal insufficiency, abnormal liver function, pulmonary edema or cerebral/ visual symptoms. PPE is the onset of these criteria > 48 hours postpartum. PPE generally presents < 6 weeks postpartum although some cases are reported up to 3 months after birth. In contrast, ACOG defines chronic hypertension as predating pregnancy. Given this patient had history of preeclampsia, no previous hypertension, and new proteinuria, she was diagnosed with PPE. After immediate blood pressure control, maintenance therapy is selected based on comorbidities and breastfeeding. All antihypertensives pass into breast milk, albeit in negligible amounts. Similar to during pregnancy, beta/alpha blockers, calcium channel blockers, methyldopa and hydralazine are considered safe, wellstudied and thus favored. Unlike in pregnancy, ACE inhibitors are safe postpartum but may cause hypotension in breastfed neonates; ARBs have never been studied. Diuretics theoretically reduce milk production but studies of hydrochlorothiazide demonstrate safety during lactation; furosemide also has never been studied. This case demonstrates that patients at risk for PPE should be identified based on their history, monitored closely for PPE and treated promptly. CONCLUSION: PPE risk factors and diagnostic criteria are similar to preeclampsia. Treatment should be selected based on comorbidities and breastfeeding.
Alcohol consumption before pregnancy causes detrimental fetal development and maternal metabolic disorders; Alcohol consumption before or during pregnancy poses serious health risks to the fetus; however, the underlying mechanisms involved remain obscure. Here, we investigated whether ethanol consumption before pregnancy affects maternal or fetal health and whether pharmacological inhibition of CYP2E1, a major ethanol oxidation enzyme, by 4-methylpyrazole (4-MP) has therapeutic effects. We found that ethanol consumption (5%) 2 weeks before pregnancy resulted in a decrease in the number of viable fetuses and abnormal fetal development, and these effects were accompanied by impaired maternal glucose homeostasis and hepatic steatosis during pregnancy. Neonates of ethanol-fed mice had postnatal macrosomia and significantly decreased growth rates during the lactation period. However, treatment with 4-MP, a CYP2E1 inhibitor, markedly ameliorated the reduction in insulin action and glucose disposal responsiveness in the livers of ethanol-fed mice. Blockage of CYP2E1 significantly reduced the alteration in hepatic lipid deposition, fatty acid oxidation, mitochondrial energy status, and macrophage infiltration observed in ethanol-fed mice. Finally, there was a positive correlation between postnatal macrosomia or growth retardation and increased inflammatory responses. Collectively, our study suggests that even moderate ethanol intake may be detrimental to fetal development and may cause growth retardation through maternal metabolic disorders.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on vascular endothelial function in pregnant women; Objective: To explore the impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on vascular endothelial function in pregnant women with endothelium-dependent flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) technology, and to observe the clinical value of FMD. Methods: Totally 29 pregnant women with GDM (observation group) and 34 normal pregnant women (control group) were collected. Endothelium-dependent FMD technology was used to obtain the right brachial artery FMD value before pregnancy, on the metaphase of pregnancy and 12 weeks postpartum. Clinical data, including pregnant women's age, heart rate, body mass index, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, total cholesterol, triglyceride and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results were recorded and compared between 2 groups. FMD values were analyzed between groups and within group at different time points, and the impact factors of FMD values were explored. Results: FMD values showed first downward and then rising trend in both 2groups. Statistical differences of FMD values were found between observation group (F=85.50) and control group (F=89.59) at all 3 time points (all P<0.05), also at 3 time points between groups (F=39.01, P<0.05).There was no statistical difference of FMD values between 2 groups before pregnancy (F=0.68, P>0.05), while FMD of metaphase pregnancy (F=16.88) and 12 weeks postpartum (F=60.83) in control group were both larger than in observation group (both P<0.05).Blood glucose 2 hours after taking sugar and diastolic blood pressure had obvious impact on FMD value. Conclusion: GDM may lead to irreversible vascular endothelial dysfunction in pregnant women. Using FMD technology can noninvasively evaluate vascular endothelial function of GDM, which is expected to provide a new way for screening postpartum cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases in GDM pregnant women.
Sacrococcygeal teratoma with preterm delivery: a case report; Background: Sacrococcygeal teratoma is one of the most frequently prenatally diagnosed neoplasias. Obstetric ultrasound has a role in the diagnosis and management of these tumors during pregnancy. In this report, we describe a multidisciplinary approach in a case of a patient with sacrococcygeal teratomas and preterm delivery, as well as postnatal outcomes. Case presentation: A 26-year-old Caucasian woman at 20.3 weeks of gestation with a normal gestational course and no relevant medical or surgical history was referred to our institution with a sacrococcygeal mass diagnosis. Magnetic resonance imaging confirmed the diagnosis of sacrococcygeal teratoma type I according to the Altman classification. Follow-up with ultrasound showed an increase in the size of the mass up to 190 × 150 mm, high Doppler flow, and severe polyhydramnios. At 35.1 weeks of gestation, the patient had premature rupture of membranes, and an emergency cesarean section was performed due to recurrent late decelerations detected by fetal heart rate monitoring. Afterward, surgery was performed successfully at 36 hours of life. Posterior controls revealed normal and healthy child growth. Conclusions: This case report demonstrates the importance of a multidisciplinary approach to offer the best neonatal outcomes by performing early surgery, as well as the need for follow-up by ultrasound in order to minimize complications by assessing mass growth, Doppler flow, and amniotic fluid.
Maternal predictors of disparate outcomes in children with single ventricle congenital heart disease; BACKGROUND: Significant variability in morbidity and mortality persists for children with functionally single ventricle congenital heart disease (SV-CHD) despite standardization in medical and surgical care. We hypothesized that maternal health factors may be associated with an increased risk of poor outcomes in children with SV-CHD. METHODS AND RESULTS: This retrospective, observational, cohort study included term maternal-infant pairs with a diagnosis of SV-CHD who underwent surgical palliation from 2006 to 2015 at Primary Children’s Hospital. Pairs lacking maternal variables of interest or infant follow-up data were excluded. The association of maternal risk factors of abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index, abnormal gestational weight gain (<7 or >20 kg), hypertensive disorders, and gestational diabetes mellitus with death/transplant and hemodynamics were analyzed using regression models. Of 190 infants, 135 (71%) maternal-infant dyads had complete data for inclusion. Death or transplant occurred in 48 infants (36%) during an average follow-up of 2.2 years (0.1–11.7 years). Abnormal gestational weight gain was associated with an increased risk of death and/or transplant in logistic regression (odds ratio, 3.22; 95% CI, 1.32–7.86; P=0.01), but not Cox regression (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% CI, 1.0–3.7; P=0.055). Mean pulmonary artery pressures were higher in the setting of abnormal gestational weight gain (16.5±2.9 versus 14.7±3.0 mm Hg; P<0.001), and abnormal pre-pregnancy body mass index (15.7±3.5 versus 14.2±2.1 mm Hg; P<0.001) in the systemic right ventricle group. CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal gestational weight gain (excessive or inadequate) is a novel risk factor for worse outcomes in SV-CHD. The fetoplacental environment may alter the trajectory of vascular development to impact outcomes in infants with SV-CHD.
Alcohol consumption as a risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients at hospital central de nampula, northern mozambique; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a disorder characterized by high levels of blood glucose. Biochemically, it is classified into type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. The factors associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus include obesity, sedentary lifestyle and alcoholism. We investigated the effect of alcohol on the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in patients at Hospital Central de Nampula. Material and Methods: A laboratory-based and cross-sectional study was conducted. We quantified sugar and pH levels of popular beverages and analyzed 74 type 2 diabetes mellitus patients. Results: Distilled beverages had a higher sugar amount (the mean value was 14.3%, 143g) than undistilled (4.33%, 43.3g). The pH showed no significant difference, and it was approximately 4. Overall, type 2 diabetes mellitus alcohol consumers were 30 (40.5%) and the majority 44 (59.5%) were non-alcoholic. Most of those deemed type 2 diabetes mellitus patients had a first-degree family history of DM (47.3%; n= 35). The other 27 (36.5%) had no family history, and 12 (16.2%) did not know. Of the 27 patients with no DM family history, 16 (59.3%) consumed alcohol before the disease diagnosis, and most of them consumed undistilled beverages. The other 11 (40.7%) did not consume alcohol. Despite alcohol consumption, frequency and level were moderate. Conclusion: Our results strongly suggest that previous alcohol consumption is not a factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Telerehabilitation intervention for type 2 diabetes; Diabetes has become an increasingly important health problem worldwide due to its prevalence. Although effective treatments for diabetes management have been developed, many patients have difficulty in achieving their therapeutic goals. Regular exercise training is suggested to prevent or delay the symptoms and complications of type 2 diabetes along with other medical treatments. It has become necessary to develop new rehabilitation models and practices in order to cope with the changing needs of the population. Treatment models using technology can be effective in disease management. Telerehabilitation may be effective as part of the rehabilitation program in the home environment, especially for patients who are unable to participate in conventional center-based rehabilitation due to transport difficulties or work resumption. Telerehabilitation is defined as the delivery of rehabilitation services via telecommunication technology, including phone, internet, and videoconference communications between the patient and health care provider. It is possible that telerehabilitation may benefit people with type 2 diabetes in similar ways with telemonitoring and interactive health communication systems. Although the applicability of telehealth methods has been proven in previous studies, telerehabi-litation studies in type 2 diabetes are inadequate in the literature. With larger, multi-centered randomized controlled studies, established clinical guidelines can be developed that will ultimately improve patient outcomes.
Associations between IL-6 variations and congenital heart disease incidence among Chinese Han people; Background: Our research explored if Interleukin-6 (IL-6) variants held substantial connection to congenital heart disease (CHD) susceptibility among Chinese Han children. Material/Methods: A total of 102 CHD children were recruited as the case group while 98 healthy persons were recruited as the control group. We used polymerase chain reaction restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) completed genotyping for IL-6 variants rs1800795 and rs1800796. The Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium (HWE) among controls was tested using χ2 analysis. Genotype and allele frequencies for variants were compared between groups. Odds ratio (OR) accompanied by 95% confidence interval (CI) reflected the potential link of IL-6 variants to CHD occurrence. Results: A remarkable increased trend of rs1800795 CC genotype and C allele was detected in the CHD patient group (P<0.05). Individuals carrying rs1800795 CC genotype showed higher risk for CHD (OR=3.763, 95% CI=1.162 - 12.190). In addition, rs1800795 C allele could increase CHD incidence (OR=1.766, 95% CI=1.101 - 2.832). No significant differences were detected in IL-6 gene rs1800796 polymorphism in both genotype and allele distributions between the case group and the control group (P>0.05). These associations had no significant alteration after the adjustment of age, gender, maternal smoking history, and maternal history of diabetes. Conclusions: IL-6 variant rs1800795 exhibited a close relation to CHD susceptibility among Chinese Han people while the mutant C allele promoted CHD incidence. But rs1800796 variant showed no such influence.
Maternal cardiovascular disease risk factors as predictors of preterm birth in California: a case-control study; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors predict preterm birth. DESIGN: Case control. SETTING: California hospitals. PARTICIPANTS: 868 mothers with linked demographic information and biospecimens who delivered singleton births from July 2009 to December 2010. METHODS: Logistic regression analysis was employed to calculate odds ratios for the associations between maternal CVD risk factors before and during pregnancy (including diabetes, hypertensive disorders and cholesterol levels) and preterm birth outcomes. PRIMARY OUTCOME: Preterm delivery status. RESULTS: Adjusting for the other maternal CVD risk factors of interest, all categories of hypertension led to increased odds of preterm birth, with the strongest magnitude observed in the pre-eclampsia group (adjusted OR (aOR), 13.49; 95% CI 6.01 to 30.27 for preterm birth; aOR, 10.62; 95% CI 4.58 to 24.60 for late preterm birth; aOR, 17.98; 95% CI 7.55 to 42.82 for early preterm birth) and chronic hypertension alone for early preterm birth (aOR, 4.58; 95% CI 1.40 to 15.05). Diabetes (types 1 and 2 and gestational) was also associated with threefold increased risk for preterm birth (aOR, 3.06; 95% CI 1.12 to 8.41). A significant and linear dose response was found between total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and aORs for late and early preterm birth, with increasing cholesterol values associated with increased risk (likelihood χ2 differences of 8.422 and 8.019 for total cholesterol for late and early, and 9.169 and 10.896 for LDL for late and early, respectively). Receiver operating characteristic curves using these risk factors to predict late and early preterm birth produced C statistics of 0.601 and 0.686. CONCLUSION: Traditional CVD risk factors are significantly associated with an increased risk of preterm birth; these findings reinforce the clinical importance of integrating obstetric and cardiovascular risk assessment across the healthcare continuum in women.
CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B-mediated autophagy regulates high glucose-stimulated LDL transcytosis; Diabetes is a recognized high-risk factor for the development of atherosclerosis, in which macroautophagy/autophagy is emerging to play essential roles. The retention of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particles in subendothelial space following transcytosis across the endothelium is the initial step of atherosclerosis. Here, we identified that high glucose could promote atherosclerosis by stimulating transcytosis of LDL. By inhibiting AMPK-MTOR-PIK3C3 pathway, high glucose suppresses the CAV-CAVIN-LC3B-mediated autophagic degradation of CAV1; therefore, more CAV1 is accumulated in the cytosol and utilized to form more caveolae in the cell membrane and facilitates the LDL transcytosis across endothelial cells. For a proof of concept, higher levels of lipids were accumulated in the subendothelial space of umbilical venous walls from pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared to those of pregnant women without GDM. Our results reveal that high glucose stimulates LDL transcytosis by a novel CAV1-CAVIN1-LC3B signaling-mediated autophagic degradation pathway. Abbreviations: 3-MA: 3-methyladenine; ACTB: actin beta; AMPK: AMP-activated protein kinase; Bafi: bafilomycin A1; CAV1: caveolin-1; CAVIN1: caveolae associated protein 1; CSD: the CAV1 scaffolding domain; GDM: gestational diabetes mellitus; IMD: intramembrane domain; LIR: LC3-interacting region; MAP1LC3/LC3: microtubule- associated protein 1 light chain 3; MFI: mean fluorescence intensity; MTOR: mechanistic target of rapamycin kinase; PIK3C3/VPS34: phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase catalytic subunit type 3; SQSTM1/p62: sequestosome 1.
Maternal age and cardiovascular and metabolic disease outcomes: a retrospective cohort study using data from population-based electronic medical records; Objective: To evaluate whether a woman’s age at first birth is associated with cardiovascular risk and metabolic health outcomes (cardiometabolic outcomes) by age 45. Methods: This is a retrospective, population-based cohort study that uses electronic health record data from the largest health fund in Israel. Women aged 34–39 at baseline (2004–2006) free of chronic diseases were identified as nulliparous at baseline and were followed up to 10 years (through 2016). The cohort was divided into three groups based on their age at first birth: younger parturients (ages 35–39), older parturients (ages 40–44), and never had children. The percentage of adverse pregnancy events and cardiometabolic outcomes at age 45 were compared across these three groups as well as to women in the general population. Cardiovascular risk and metabolic health outcomes were defined as: Type 2 diabetes, obesity, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and Framingham risk score. Methods and results: Out of a group of 126,121 women aged 34–39 at baseline, 9979 were nulliparous and free of comorbidities. Over the course of the follow-up, there were 952 younger parturients and 673 older parturients who had their first birth, and 8354 women who remained persistent nulliparous. While older parturients had more adverse pregnancy events, there was no difference in rates of cardiometabolic outcomes between the two parturient groups, and they both had lower rates than the persistent nulliparous and the general population. Conclusions: Parturients free of major chronic diseases who give birth at a later age do not have increased cardiometabolic outcomes in midlife as compared to a general population of women in a large retrospective cohort. Our results may support clinicians when counseling healthy women who are seeking advice regarding delaying their first pregnancy without a tradeoff on health outcomes.
Obesity and cardiovascular disease in women; As the prevalence of obesity continues to grow worldwide, the health and financial burden of obesity-related comorbidities grows too. Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is clearly associated with increased adiposity. Importantly, women are at higher risk of CVD when obese and insulin resistant, in particular at higher risk of developing heart failure with preserved ejection fraction and ischemic heart disease. Increased aldosterone and mineralocorticoid receptor activation, aberrant estrogenic signaling and elevated levels of androgens are among some of the proposed mechanisms explaining the heightened CVD risk. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, understanding nontraditional risk factors specific to women, like excess weight gain during pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and menopause are central to designing personalized interventions aimed to curb the epidemic of CVD. In the present review, we examine the available evidence supporting a differential cardiovascular impact of increased adiposity in women compared with men and the proposed pathophysiological mechanisms behind these differences. We also discuss women-specific cardiovascular risk factors associated with obesity and insulin resistance.
Non-coding RNA: Role in gestational diabetes pathophysiology and complications; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that develops in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. GDM can lead to short-term and long-term complications both in the mother and in the offspring. Diagnosing and treating this condition is therefore of great importance to avoid poor pregnancy outcomes. There is increasing interest in finding new markers with potential diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic utility in GDM. Non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs), including microRNAs, long non-coding RNAs and circular RNAs, are critically involved in metabolic processes and their dysregulated expression has beenreported in several pathological contexts. The aberrant expression of several circulating or placenta-related ncRNAs has been linked to insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction, the key pathophysiological features of GDM. Furthermore, significant associations between altered ncRNA profiles and GDM-related complications, such as macrosomia or trophoblast dysfunction, have been observed. Remarkably, the deregulation of ncRNAs, which might be linked to a detrimental intrauterine environment, can lead to changes in the expression of target genes in the offspring, possibly contributing to the development of long-term GDM-related complications, such as metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this review, all the recent findings on ncRNAs and GDM are summarized, particularly focusing on the molecular aspects and the pathophysiological implications of this complex relationship.
Young-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus — implications for morbidity and mortality; Accumulating data suggest that type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in younger people (aged <40 years), referred to as young-onset T2DM, has a more rapid deterioration of β-cell function than is seen in later-onset T2DM. Furthermore, individuals with young-onset T2DM seem to have a higher risk of complications than those with type 1 diabetes mellitus. As the number of younger adults with T2DM increases, young-onset T2DM is predicted to become a more frequent feature of the broader diabetes mellitus population in both developing and developed nations, particularly in certain ethnicities. However, the magnitude of excess risk of premature death and incident complications remains incompletely understood; likewise, the potential reasons for this excess risk are unclear. Here, we review the evidence pertaining to young-onset T2DM and its current and future burden of disease in terms of incidence and prevalence in both developed and developing nations. In addition, we highlight the associations of young-onset T2DM with premature mortality and morbidity.
Hyperglycemia-induced endothelial dysfunction is alleviated by thioredoxin mimetic peptides through the restoration of VEGFR-2-induced responses and improved cell survival; Background: Diabetes mellitus is an important cardiovascular risk factor characterized by elevated plasma glucose levels. High glucose (HG) negatively influences endothelial cell (EC) function, which is characterized by the inability of ECs to respond to vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A) stimulation. We aimed to identify potential strategies to improve EC function in diabetes. Methods and results: Human umbilical cord endothelial cells (HUVECs) were subjected to hyperglycemic milieu by exposing cells to HG together with glucose metabolite, methylglyoxal (MG) in vitro. Hyperglycemic cells showed reduced chemotactic responses towards VEGF-A as revealed by Boyden chamber migration assays, indicating the development of “VEGF resistance” phenotype. Furthermore, HG/MG-exposed cells were defective in their general migratory and proliferative responses and were in a pro-apoptotic state. Mechanistically, the exposure to HG/MG resulted in reactive oxygen species (ROS) accumulation which is secondary to the impairment of thioredoxin (Trx) activity in these cells. Pharmacological and genetic targeting of Trx recapitulated VEGF resistance. Functional supplementation of Trx using thioredoxin mimetic peptides (TMP) reversed the HG/MG-induced ROS generation, improved the migration, proliferation, survival and restored VEGF-A-induced chemotaxis and sprouting angiogenesis of hyperglycemic ECs. Importantly, TMP treatment reduced ROS accumulation and improved VEGF-A responses of placental arterial endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetes mellitus patients. Conclusions: Our findings suggest a putative role for Trx in modulating EC function and its functional impairment in HG conditions contribute to EC dysfunction. Supplementation of TMP could be used as a novel strategy to improve endothelial cell function in diabetes.
Contemporary clinical updates on the prevention of future cardiovascular disease in women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes; Adverse pregnancy outcomes including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes are significant causes of maternal mortality. There is substantial evidence of an association between adverse events during pregnancy and long-term maternal cardiovascular risk. It is therefore important to understand the role of risk modification prior to, during, and after pregnancy to reduce adverse outcomes. These efforts include risk assessment, routine screening for cardiovascular risk factors, and potential pharmacotherapeutic risk reduction. In this manuscript, we aim to highlight the current evidence in the areas of cardiovascular risk assessment and risk modification, and the role for potential risk reduction therapies before, during, and after pregnancy.
Predictors of mortality in extramural neonate at limited resource setting: A prospective observational study; Objective: To evaluate the predictors of mortality in extramural neonate. Study Design: Observational study. Place and Duration of Study: Tertiary care teaching hospital of central India for duration of one year. Material and Methods: All extramural referral neonates admitted were included in the study. Demographic, maternal and neonatal variables were analyzed. Results: The mortality rate was 33.40% with male predominance. On univariate analysis, male sex (p=0.03), neonates born to parents of lower socioeconomic class (p=0.01), preterm birth (p<0.001), very low/extremely low birth weight (p<0.001), who did not cry immediately after birth &required resuscitation (p<0.001), neonates of primigravida (p=0.05), un-booked mothers (p=0.04), mothers with pre-gestational diabetes (p=0.005) were at risk of mortality. Neonates who presented with lethargy, hypothermia, respiratory distress, convulsions, cyanosis, apnea and prolonged capillary refill time had significantly higher mortality. Low socioeconomic status of parent (OR 0.59, CI 0.42-0.85, p=0.004), preterm birth(OR 0.61, CI 0.40-0.92, p=0.01), very low/extremely low birth weight(OR1.48, CI 1.18-1.87, p=0.001), hypothermia (OR 1.60, CI 1.05-2.41, p=0.02), convulsion (OR 3.03, CI 1.93-4.77, p<0.001), lethargy (OR 2.88, CI 1.63-5.10, p<0.001) and prolonged capillary refill time (OR2.79, CI 1.84-4.23, p<0.001) were the independent risk factors of mortality on multivariate regression analysis. Conclusion: Low socioeconomic status of parent, preterm birth, low birth weight, hypothermia, convulsion, lethargy and prolonged capillary refill time were the independent risk factors of mortality in out-born neonate.
Substantially altered expression profile of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated micrornas in children descending from pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus—one of several possible reasons for an increased cardiovascular risk; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), one of the major pregnancy-related complications, characterized as a transitory form of diabetes induced by insulin resistance accompanied by a low/absent pancreatic beta-cell compensatory adaptation to the increased insulin demand, causes the acute, long-term, and transgenerational health complications. The aim of the study was to assess if alterations in gene expression of microRNAs associated with diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases are present in whole peripheral blood of children aged 3–11 years descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. A substantially altered microRNA expression profile was found in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies. Almost all microRNAs with the exception of miR-92a-3p, miR-155-5p, and miR-210-3p were upregulated. The microRNA expression profile also differed between children after normal and GDM complicated pregnancies in relation to the presence of overweight/obesity, prehypertension/hypertension, and/or valve problems and heart defects. Always, screening based on the combination of microRNAs was superior over using individual microRNAs, since at 10.0% false positive rate it was able to identify a large proportion of children with an aberrant microRNA expression profile (88.14% regardless of clinical findings, 75.41% with normal clinical findings, and 96.49% with abnormal clinical findings). In addition, the higher incidence of valve problems and heart defects was found in children with a prior exposure to GDM. The extensive file of predicted targets of all microRNAs aberrantly expressed in children descending from GDM complicated pregnancies indicates that a large group of these genes is involved in ontologies of diabetes/cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In general, children with a prior exposure to GDM are at higher risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases, and would benefit from dispensarisation as well as implementation of primary prevention strategies.
Do we need a 200 μg misoprostol vaginal insert? A retrospective cohort study comparing the misoprostol vaginal insert to oral misoprostol; Aim: The misoprostol vaginal insert (MVI) was reported to be more effective than dinoprostone but discussed critically because of high rates of fetal heart rate changes due to uterine tachysystole. The aim of this study was to investigate the outcome of induced labor using the MVI compared to off-label orally-administered misoprostol (OM). Methods: Retrospective study including a total of 401 patients with singleton pregnancies in whom labor was induced at ≥36 0/7 gestational weeks with MVI (203) or OM (198). Primary outcomes were the time from induction to delivery, vaginal delivery in 24 h and the mode of delivery and the neonatal outcome. Results: Median time until any delivery was 833 min (645–1278) for MVI and 1076.5 min (698–1686.3) for OM group; 83.7% of the patients in the MVI group gave birth within 24 h versus 63.6% in the OM group. The MVI group needed significantly less pre-delivery oxytocin (29%). Tachysystole (6.4%) and pathological CTG (30.5%) occurred at a significantly higher frequency in the MVI group. The cesarean section rate was significantly higher in the MVI group amounting to 21.7% versus 14.6% in the OM group (P < 0.05). Neonatal outcome did not differ between the groups. Conclusion: The MVI might be an option if you are in need for an approved and faster method to induce labor. Although we observed a significantly higher rate of fetal heart rate changes and cesarean sections in the MVI group this did not affect the neonatal outcome.
Tracking the Development of Cerebrovascular Risk Factors Following Pregnancy With Preeclampsia; Objective: To evaluate the development and management of cerebrovascular risk factors following a pregnancy with preeclampsia. Methods: This is a retrospective chart review including women diagnosed with preeclampsia between 2012 and 2013 with later encounters within 2014-2016. For each subject that met inclusion criteria, the development of cerebrovascular risk factors was determined using ICD codes within the 2014-2016 electronic medical record (EMR). For subjects who developed risk factors, current treatment was determined from the EMR. Demographic data was also documented. Differences in the development and treatment of risk factors were compared among racial groups and age. Descriptive statistics were calculated using SAS statistical software. Results: Compared to prepregnancy health status, the incidence of hypertension increased by 1.7 times (P < .05), hyperlipidemia increased by 4.5 (P < .05), migraines increased by 2.2 (P < .05), and diabetes mellitus increased by 2 (P < .05) after a pregnancy with preeclampsia. Black non-Hispanics had highest rates of hypertension, obesity, and migraines (20.5%, 9.1%, and 6.8%, respectively.) Of hypertensives, 73.6% (42/57) were prescribed medication. Of diabetics, 88.9% (16/18) were prescribed medication. No patients with hyperlipidemia were prescribed a statin. Black non-Hispanics had higher rates of risk factor management (74.3% of hypertensives and 100% of diabetics treated) than white Hispanics (55% and 77.8%, respectively). Conclusions: This study shows a significant increased risk of the development of cerebrovascular risk factors such as hypertension, hyperlipidemia, migraines, and diabetes following a diagnosis of preeclampsia. Opportunities exist for the early treatment of these risk factors, which could reduce the long-term rate of stroke in these women
The correlation of fetal cardiac function with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and oxidative stress levels; The primary objective of this study was to compare the fetal cardiac performance index (Tei index) between the fetuses of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers and non-GDM mothers; and the secondary objective was to compare various other parameters of fetal cardiac function as well as maternal oxidative stress levels between the groups of GDM and non-GDM mothers. A cross-sectional study was conducted on pregnant women at 24-28 weeks of gestation. All of the participants underwent 100 g, 3-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) as a diagnostic test for GDM and were categorized as non-GDM and GDM group. All participants had fetal echocardiography performed for cardiac function, and then maternal blood samples were collected for biomarker measurements. A total of 80 pregnant women, including 43 in the GDM group and 37 in the non-GDM group, were included in the study. The maternal serum 8-isoprostane (8IsoP), tumor necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and interleukin (IL)-10 levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than those in the non-GDM group (P: 0.028, P: 0.019 and P: 0.031, respectively). The fetal cardiac function parameters were not significantly different between the two groups. Regardless of the GDM status, the fetuses with high levels of oxidative stress (8Isop ≥1000 pg/mg protein) had a significantly higher rate of impaired shortening fraction (SF) of the left ventricle (P: 0.001). GDM is significantly associated with an increase in the oxidative stress process, and a high level of oxidative stress was significantly associated with left ventricular (LV) function impairment. Though a correlation between GDM and fetal cardiac function impairment was not clearly demonstrated in this study, this study suggests that GDM patients with a high level of oxidative stress should be evaluated for fetal cardiac function.
Tachysystole and risk of cesarean section after labor induction using misoprostol: A cohort study; Objectives: To investigate if tachysystole was associated with an increased risk of cesarean section or unfavorable maternal or neonatal outcomes following induction of labor by misoprostol vaginal inserts. Study design: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of 446 women over 37 weeks of gestation admitted for labor induction by misoprostol vaginal inserts between May 2016 and May 2017. Fetal heart rate and uterine activity tracings were assessed for tachysystole, defined as ≥ 6 contractions per 10 min, averaged over a 30-minute window. Univariate analysis was performed by using t-test and Chi-square, comparing demographics, pregnancy characteristics, intrapartum monitoring, mode of delivery, neonatal outcomes (Apgar score < 7 at 5 min, umbilical cord artery pH < 7.10, neonatal intensive care unit admission) and maternal outcomes, with regard to the presence of tachysystole. The association between tachysystole and cesarean section was evaluated after adjusting for potential confounders by a modified Poisson regression model, expressed as an adjusted risk ratio and 95 % confidence intervals. Results: A total of 140 women (31.4 %) presented with tachysystole. The median duration of tachysystole was 2 h 12 min. The rate of cesarean section was 25.0 % (N = 35) among patients with tachysystole and 19.6 % (N = 60) for those without tachysystole. Presence of tachysystole during induction of labor with misoprostol vaginal inserts was not associated with cesarean section (adjusted risk ratio,1.0; 95 % confidence interval, 0.7–1.4). Neonatal and maternal outcomes were similar between mothers who did and did not experience tachysystole. Conclusions: This study illustrates that tachysystole is not associated with an increased risk of cesarean section after induction of labor by misoprostol vaginal inserts. The impact of excessive uterine activity on the fetal wellbeing defined by the frequency of uterine contraction alone is probably insufficient. Further research on the development of accurate measures of uterine contractility is necessary to better understand its effect on fetal well-being.
Maternal fats and pregnancy complications: Implications for long-term health; Pregnancy imposes increased nutritional requirements for the well being of the mother and fetus. Maternal lipid metabolism is critical for fetal development and long-term health of the offspring as it plays a key role in energy storage, tissue growth and cell signaling. Maternal fat composition is considered as a modifiable risk for abnormal lipid metabolism and glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Data derived from observational studies demonstrate that higher intake of saturated fats during pregnancy is associated with pregnancy complications (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm delivery) and poor birth outcomes (intra uterine growth retardation and large for gestational age babies). On the other hand, prenatal long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids status is shown to improve birth outome. In this article, we discuss the role of maternal lipids during pregnancy on fetal growth and development and its consequences on the health of the offspring.
The effect of positioning on adaptation to spontaneous breathing in premature infants after weaning from mechanical ventilation: A randomized controlled trial; Aim: To determine the effects of positioning on the adaptation to spontaneous breathing in premature infants after weaning from mechanical ventilation. Materials and Methods: This randomized controlled experimental study was conducted with 60 (study group=30; control group=30) premature infants in the neonatal intensive care unit. The infants in the study group and the control group were in a prone position and a supine position, respectively, during the first 120 minutes when spontaneous breathing started after they were weaned from mechanical ventilation. Results: There were significant intragroup differences in mean heart rate between repeated measurements at different time points. The differences were not found to be due to positioning. The mean SpO2 was higher in the study group than in the control group, although the difference was not significant. This finding suggested that positioning did not have an influence on SpO2. Two infants in the control group failed to maintain spontaneous breathing. Although the study group had a significantly higher respiratory rate than the control group, the difference was not significant. Therefore, positioning was not found to affect respiratory rate. Conclusion: There was no effect of positioning on the adaptation to spontaneous breathing in premature infants after weaning from mechanical ventilation.
Semantic text mining in early drug discovery for type 2 diabetes; Background Surveying the scientific literature is an important part of early drug discovery; and with the ever-increasing amount of biomedical publications it is imperative to focus on the most interesting articles. Here we present a project that highlights new understanding (e.g. recently discovered modes of action) and identifies potential drug targets, via a novel, data-driven text mining approach to score type 2 diabetes (T2D) relevance. We focused on monitoring trends and jumps in T2D relevance to help us be timely informed of important breakthroughs. Methods We extracted over 7 million n-grams from PubMed abstracts and then clustered around 240,000 linked to T2D into almost 50,000 T2D relevant 'semantic concepts'. To score papers, we weighted the concepts based on co-mentioning with core T2D proteins. A protein's T2D relevance was determined by combining the scores of the papers mentioning it in the five preceding years. Each week all proteins were ranked according to their T2D relevance. Furthermore, the historical distribution of changes in rank from one week to the next was used to calculate the significance of a change in rank by T2D relevance for each protein. Results We show that T2D relevant papers, even those not mentioning T2D explicitly, were prioritised by relevant semantic concepts. Well known T2D proteins were therefore enriched among the top scoring proteins. Our 'high jumpers' identified important past developmentsin the apprehension of how certain key proteins relate to T2D, indicating that our method will make us aware of future breakthroughs. In summary, this project facilitated keeping up with current T2D research by repeatedly providing short lists of potential novel targets into our early drug discovery pipeline.
Elevated galectin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity and recognized as a women-specific risk factor for cardiovascular disease. The mechanisms for this association are not well established. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular-related biomarkers, galectin-3 (Gal-3) and protein convertase subtilisin/kexin (PCSK) type 9, in women with GDM. Methods Blood samples were drawn in the third trimester from 31 women diagnosed with GDM and from 35 women with normal pregnancies. Blood levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 were measured using a quantitative sandwich enzyme immunoassay. In addition, we measured Gal-3 levels in 24 pregnant women in the first trimester who later developed GDM and in 36 healthy controls. Continuous variables were compared using student’s t-test and categorical variables by chi-square/fisher’s exact tests. Results We found increased levels of Gal-3 in women diagnosed with GDM compared to women without GDM (124.6±32% versus control; pv = 0.001). Furthermore, we demonstrated elevated levels of Gal-3 during the first trimester among women who later developed GDM compared with women who did not develop any gestational morbidity (125.7±32% versus control; pv = 0.004). Third-trimester levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between women with and without GDM (560±45ng/mL versus 553±33ng/mL; pv = 0.4). Conclusions The results suggest a possible mechanism that may link GDM to the future increased cardiovascular risk in these patients. Additionally, increased Gal-3 levels during the first trimester may suggest a new early predictor for GDM.
Clinical Applications of Interleukin-37: A Key Player in the Immunopathogenesis of Immune Disorders; Recently, the era of medicine has been encountered with the exponential growth of special seroimmunobiomarkers in clinical trials. Lately, Interleukin-37 (IL-37) has attracted a wide range of basic medical scientists' attention due to its controversial functions in physiologic or pathologic microenvironments. In this research, an updated overview of immunobiological functions and clinical applications of IL-37 in a wide range of diseases, are discussed in order to highlight the role of recent laboratory-based results of IL-37. Data of this systematic review article were collected from initial 237 articles in Google Scholar search engine, Science Direct, PubMed, Scopus, and Embase databases. Eventually, 134 total articles were considered from March 2000 to June 2019 time interval, by using 5 keywords. Relevant English articles, abstracts and conference papers all were included. No restrictions of methods and type of the article were imposed. As one of the newly immunotherapeutic based approaches, clinical applications of cytokines are promisingly taken into account for diagnosis and treatment of multiple diseases. Various evidence suggests that IL-37 has notable roles in the regulation of acute and chronic inflammatory responses. Also, IL-37 has been studied in pregnancy, obesity, infectious, cardiovascular, neurologic, autoimmune, and metabolic diseases. Also, the protective functions of IL-37 against multiple cancers, are disputably related to the type and stage of cancer as well as the IL-37 variant. The broad spectrum of IL-37 and its receptors in diseases, seem to be a potential candidate with pivotal effects for immunomodulation and immune gene therapy of various pathologic states.
Acute fatty liver during pregnancy and gestational diabetes insipidus: A case report; Acute fatty liver during pregnancy (AFLP) is an emergency and potentially fatal condition occurring during the peripartum period. It is characterized by fatty microvascular infiltration of hepatocytes and has an incidence rate of approximately one in 7,000 to one in 20,000 pregnancies. It may induce profound liver failure and can be accompanied by renal failure, polydipsia/polyuria, disseminated intravascular coagulation, hypoglycemia, and encephalopathy. Emergency delivery at the appropriate time is crucial to control the development of AFLP. Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is another rare disorder characterized by polyuria, polydipsia, and dehydration. It has an incidence rate of 2–4 cases/100,000 pregnancies and develops during the third trimester. Here the authors present the case of a patient with AFLP and transient GDI complicated with non-reassuring fetal status. The conditions were resolved after delivery and multidisciplinary intensive care.
Current state of reproductive potential of ukrainian women; Objective of the study: to assess the main indicators of the reproductive potential of women in Ukraine in dynamics over the period 2000-2018. Materials and methods. Analysis was performed using the data of the State Statistics Service of Ukraine and the State Institution "Center for Medical Statistics of the Ministry of Health of Ukraine" for the period 2000-2018. The methods of a systematic approach, structural-logical, epidemiological analysis were used. Results. Reproductive process dynamic in Ukraine in the XXI century had nonlinear character - increase in the general fertility rate from 7.7 per 1000 population in 2000 to 11.4 in 2012 and the total fertility rate from 1.11 to 1.6, respectively with further deterioration trend - 8.7 and 1.3 in 2018, respectively. Low rates of population reproduction in Ukraine in the XXI century were kept on the background of insufficient resources to ensure the reproduction of the country's population - decrease of the number of women of childbearing age from 12,582.7 thousand in 2000 to 9,998.6 thousand in 2018 with adverse changes in the age profile towards older age groups, high level incidence of reproductive system in women. In 2000-2018 years there is a high level with a negative trend in the prevalence of menstrual disorders (increase by 38.5%), cervical inflammatory diseases (increase by 82.5%), malignant neoplasms of uterine body (increase by 39,9%), mammary glands (increase by 11.99%), cervix (increase by 5.06%), high frequency, with a negative trend, in the incidence of diabetes in pregnant (increase by 662.5%), thyroid disease (increase by 17.3%), circulatory system diseases (increase by 34.4%), urogenital system (increase by 8.7%). In the same time it was achieved a reduction of reproductive losses due to forced abortions by 1.75 times, decrease of mortality during first year of life by 1.7 times and feto-infantile losses of 1.4 times. Conclusion. In recent decades, in Ukraine kept unfavorable demographic situation - decrease in population due to extremely high mortality with low birth rates and low life expectancy.
Pregnancy outcomes, fertility, and family planning in women with psoriatic arthritis; Objective: To quantify pregnancy outcomes and the frequency and cause of infertility among women with psoriatic arthritis. Methods: Women with psoriatic arthritis aged 20–50 years completed a questionnaire about prior pregnancies, infertility, and family planning. Patient-reported pregnancy outcomes were validated by chart review. Results: In 40 women with psoriatic arthritis, 67% of 70 pregnancies were live births. Patient-reported preterm birth and preeclampsia were more common after psoriatic arthritis diagnosis but were significantly over-reported. Most women reported no or mild joint pain during pregnancy and few took medications for psoriatic arthritis. Infertility was reported by 36% of women who were ever pregnant or ever tried to become pregnant, primarily due to polycystic ovary syndrome. Conclusion: The patient-reported pregnancy outcomes in this retrospective survey were not supported by chart review, making prospective studies essential to understand the interaction of psoriatic arthritis and pregnancy. Infertility, particularly due to polycystic ovary syndrome, appears to be an important issue in this population.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes of clozapine exposure in pregnancy: a consecutive case series; Clozapine is an effective antipsychotic that can lead to symptom resolution and functional recovery in patients with schizophrenia. Its available pregnancy safety data remain limited, which presents a challenge for clinicians managing women of reproductive age on clozapine. We retrospectively studied a consecutive case series of nine pregnancies where there was clozapine exposure. Our case series demonstrates that pregnant women on clozapine treatment can remain stable psychiatrically, but are vulnerable obstetrically, with high rates of obesity and gestational diabetes. Their babies also have poor neonatal adjustment, often requiring neonatal resuscitation. Furthermore, we report on clozapine-related side effects, changes in clozapine levels during pregnancy as well as variation in foetal wellbeing monitoring. These findings have implications for pregnancy care for women taking clozapine and require further exploration.
Author response: cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: systematic review and meta-analysis; This commentary is an author response to Lu and Wang, regarding the manuscript entitled 'Cardiovascular risk factors in offspring exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus in utero: Systematic review and meta-analysis'. We address their concern regarding duplication of studies in the meta-analysis and the quality of included studies.
Effects of periodontal disease on glycemic control, complications, and incidence of diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is a group of metabolic disorders with high mortality and morbidity associated with complications such as cardiovascular disease, kidney disease, and stroke. The prevalence of diabetes is 9.4% in US adults, and prevalence increases markedly with age, with 1 in 4 adults aged ≥65 years affected by diabetes. The estimated number of adults with type 2 diabetes globally almost tripled between 2002 and 2017, reflecting increases seen in the USA and elsewhere. This increase raises concerns about the increased morbidity and mortality associated with the complications of diabetes, including periodontal disease and tooth loss. There is a reciprocal adverse relationship between diabetes and periodontal disease, with diabetes as a major risk factor for periodontal disease, and in those patients with diabetes who also have periodontal disease then there are adverse effects on glycemic control and complications such as cardiovascular disease and end stage renal disease. In this review, those studies detailing the adverse effects of periodontal disease and diabetes will be discussed. Also, evidence is accumulating that periodontitis may play a role in increasing the incidence of new cases of type 2 diabetes, and possibly gestational diabetes. Of course, these studies need to be expanded to better understand the effects of periodontitis on diabetes glycemic control, complications, prediabetes, and the incidence of new cases. However, given the tremendous burden of diabetes on society, the dental profession should be proactive in preventing and treating periodontal disease, not only to preserve the dentition, but also to minimize the adverse effects of periodontitis on diabetes and its complications.
Telehealth for High-Risk Pregnancies in the Setting of the COVID-19 Pandemic; As New York City became an international epicenter of the novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, telehealth was rapidly integrated into prenatal care at Columbia University Irving Medical Center, an academic hospital system in Manhattan. Goals of implementation were to consolidate in-person prenatal screening, surveillance, and examinations into fewer in-person visits while maintaining patient access to ongoing antenatal care and subspecialty consultations via telehealth virtual visits. The rationale for this change was to minimize patient travel and thus risk for COVID-19 exposure. Because a large portion of obstetric patients had underlying medical or fetal conditions placing them at increased risk for adverse outcomes, prenatal care telehealth regimens were tailored for increased surveillance and/or counseling. Based on the incorporation of telehealth into prenatal care for high-risk patients, specific recommendations are made for the following conditions, clinical scenarios, and services: (1) hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and chronic hypertension; (2) pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; (3) maternal cardiovascular disease; (4) maternal neurologic conditions; (5) history of preterm birth and poor obstetrical history including prior stillbirth; (6) fetal conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, congenital anomalies, and multiple gestations including monochorionic placentation; (7) genetic counseling; (8) mental health services; (9) obstetric anesthesia consultations; and (10) postpartum care. While telehealth virtual visits do not fully replace in-person encounters during prenatal care, they do offer a means of reducing potential patient and provider exposure to COVID-19 while providing consolidated in-person testing and services. Key Points Telehealth for prenatal care is feasible. Telehealth may reduce coronavirus exposure during prenatal care. Telehealth should be tailored for high risk prenatal patients.
Congenital defects in a cohort of pregnant women from a clinic of rheumatic diseases and pregnancy; Background: Some studies have suggested an increased risk of adverse health outcomes for the child of patients with Rheumatic Diseases (RD), including neurodevelopmental disorders, congenital heart defects, hematological malignancies and autoimmune diseases. It is well known that 2 to 3% of live births have a congenital defect. About 7 % of all newborn deaths are due to birth defects. Objectives: Describe Genetical Evaluation in a cohort of pregnant patients with RD Methods: We included 22 women from February to December 2019 from a Clinic of Pregnancy and Rheumatic Diseases in Hospital Universitario in Monterrey, Mexico. All spontaneous pregnancies (21 singletons, 1 double twin), with adequate prenatal control. Ten Rheumatoid Arthritis, Antiphospholipid Syndrome in 4 cases; 5 Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, 2 Sjögren's Syndrome and a case of Dermatomyositis. In the perinatal genetics approach, medical and familial history was obtained, and pedigree was developed; ultrasound information of 12 and 22 weeks of gestation was integrated, risks for aneuploidies were adjusted according to maternal age. At birth, the dysmorphological description was made, somatometry is performed, and the newborn screening were evaluated (metabolic, hearing, cardiac). Thus, giving genetic counseling for each case. Results: Two patients were excluded, so 20 women with follow-up, 12 (60%) were born without complications or birth defects; in 3(15%) there were adverse events (a spontaneous abortion at 12 weeks-of-gestation [wg]; a fetal death in the case of twin pregnancy, at 34.1 wg, with facial asymmetry, intrauterine growth restriction; and a premature delivery, at 36.5 wg; no defects; there were 5(25%) congenital defects: a preauricular appendix, with normal renal ultrasound. A congenital heart disease (transposition of large vessels, tricuspid stenosis). A case of macrosomia (diabetic fetopathy); a heart block with perinatal pacemaker placement (mom with lupus). And in the latter case, Krabbe disease, even without confirming it. Table 1. Conclusion: One out of every 4 pregnancies of women with rheumatic diseases presented a congenital defect, of which, the heart diseases (CHD) have been described as of greater presentation in these groups. It is very important that women with rheumatic diseases are well attached to a comprehensive clinic in which, in addition to receiving proper attention of their rheumatic disease, they have adequate preconception and prenatal control of their pregnancies, since there is a greater risk of congenital alterations and of perinatal adverse events, as shown by this cohort. Further research is needed to fully elucidate the potential disease-related factors that might lead to the increased risk of adverse health outcomes in offspring, as well as to improve the monitoring and control of their rheumatic diseases. (Table Presented).
Cardiovascular risk profiles among women by gestational diabetes status, 2007-2016; Background: Women with prior gestational diabetes (GDM) are at elevated risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We sought to compare cardiometabolic risk factors among parous U.S. women ages 20 to 44 by history of GDM. Methods: We used data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) from 2007- 2016. We included 3562 parous women. We compared anthropometric measures, glycemic markers, blood pressure and lipids by self-reported history of GDM, both with and without adjusting for demographic and behavioral factors and waist circumference. Analyses took NHANES multi-stage survey design into account. Results: Women without history of GDM were younger and, in crude analyses, had more favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profile than women with history of GDM (Table). Similar patterns were observed after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, education and smoking. After also adjusting for waist circumference, only hemoglobin A1c, fasting glucose, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol were significantly higher among women with history of GDM compared to women without GDM. Conclusions: Among parous U.S. women ages 20 to 44, those with a history of GDM had less favorable cardiometabolic risk factor profiles than did women without GDM, though results were attenuated after adjusting for markers of demographics, behavior, and central obesity.
Fetal cardiac evaluation by ultrasound to assess pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes; Objectives: To evaluate fetal and neonatal cardiac morphology by echocardiography in pregnancies complicated by diabetes compared to normal healthy controls using ultrasound. Methods: Fetal echocardiography was performed in 121 women with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and 50 women with diabetes in pregnancy. The women underwent ultrasound scans every four weeks from enrolment (between 18-28 weeks gestational age) until delivery. Neonatal echocardiography was performed on the offspring. M-mode assessment was used to assess interventricular septal (IVS) thickness, left ventricle diastolic dimensions (LVED), fractional shortening (FS), tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE). Results: There were differences in IVS thickness, LVED, FS and TAPSE values between women with uncomplicated pregnancies and women with diabetes in pregnancy. These differences persisted into the neonatal period. Conclusion: M-mode is a simple ultrasound technique to assess fetal cardiac function. Maternal diabetes was associated with increased IVS thickness, and reduction in TAPSE and FS measures. Prognostic implications of these findings may be useful in assessing pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes in addition to current ultrasound assessment of fetal size and Doppler studies of fetal vessels.
A rare case of fulminant type 1 diabetes postpartum; Amongst women with gestational diabetes (GDM), the incidence of type 1 diabetes (T1DM) was 3.4% at 9 months post-partum and 6.6% at 2 years post-partum in one prospective study. Higher number of autoantibodies (Abs) during pregnancy is associated with a higher risk of T1DM. In rare cases, women with GDM can develop antibody-negative T1DM post-partum. The presentation of fulminant T1DM defined as rapid onset ketoacidosis, undetectable C-peptide, A1C<8.5%, elevated pancreatic enzymes and often negative antibodies has only rarely been reported in the post-partum period and predominantly in individuals of Japanese descent. In our case, a 34-year-old woman of Indian descent presented for GDM which required low dose Detemir 6 units nightly. She had an uncomplicated delivery and stopped insulin. On post-partum day 8 she was hospitalized for 1 day of non-specific malaise symptoms and was incidentally found to have elevated lipase 398 U/L, serum glucose 93 mg/dL and mildly bulky pancreas by ultrasound imaging. Initially sheclinically improved, but on post-partum day 15 she developed symptoms of fatigue, polyuria, polydipsia, and weight loss which progressed to vomiting, tachycardia and tachypnea. She was readmitted on post-partum day 19 with glucose 482 mg/dL, arterial pH 6.95, anion gap 34, and moderate ketones consistent with severe Diabetic Ketoacidosis. Hemoglobin A1C was 6% and lipase was normal. New onset T1DM was diagnosed based on undetectable C-peptide, though GAD and ICA Abs were negative. She was treated with an insulin infusion and later transitioned to a basal-bolus subcutaneous insulin regimen. Repeat labs at 12 months post-partum confirmed persistent undetectable C-peptide and negative Abs. We present a unique case of a woman of Indian descent with GDM found to have fulminant T1DM in the early post-partum period. To our knowledge, this is the first case of fulminant diabetes post-partum reported in a patient of Indian ethnicity. Our case highlights the importance of consideration of this rare diagnosis in diverse populations.
Summary of Updated Recommendations for Primary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women: JACC State-of-the-Art Review; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of morbidity and mortality for women in the United States and worldwide. There has been no American College of Cardiology (ACC)/American Heart Association guideline update specifically for the prevention of CVD in women since 2011. Since then, the body of sex-specific data has grown, in addition to updated hypertension, cholesterol, diabetes, atrial fibrillation, and primary prevention guidelines. The ACC CVD in Women Committee undertook a review of the recent guidelines and major studies to summarize recommendations pertinent to women. In this update, the authors address special topics, particularly the risk factors and treatments that have led to some controversies and confusion. Specifically, sex-related risk factors, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation, use of aspirin, perimenopausal hormone therapy, and psychosocial issues are highlighted.
Obstetric and Neonatal Outcome of Pregnancy in Carney Complex: A Case Report; Background: Carney complex (CNC) is a rare multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome with autosomal dominant inheritance. Affected individuals present with mucocutaneous lentigines/blue nevi, cardiac and noncardiac myxomatous tumors, and multiple endocrine tumors. Mutations in PRKAR1A have been identified as genetic cause of the disease. Here, we report on pregnancy, delivery and puerperium in a woman with genetically confirmed CNC and her newborn. Case: The 31 year-old gravida 5 para 1 with CNC was referred at 26 weeks of gestation. Adrenocorticotropin-independent hypercortisolism, hyperglycemia, hypertension, low serum potassium, and osteoporotic fractures were present. Treatment with metyrapone, a reversible 11-beta-hydroxylase inhibitor, was initiated. The maternal condition improved, and a 5 weeks' pregnancy prolongation could be achieved. Elective repeat cesarean section was performed at 31 weeks of gestation for recurrent vaginal bleeding. The neonate developed transient hyponatremia necessitating hydrocortisone substitution for 2 weeks. Conclusion: In our case, treatment of CNC-associated hypercortisolism in pregnancy with metyrapone was effective. Maternal side effects did not occur. The newborn presented with transient hypocortisolism most likely due to transplacental drug effect. Our case illustrates that the treatment of rare diseases in pregnancy represents a challenge requiring interdisciplinary team work.
Recommendations for management of diabetes during Ramadan: update 2020, applying the principles of the ADA/EASD consensus; Fasting the Holy month of Ramadan constitutes one of the five pillars of the Muslim faith. Although there is some evidence that intermittent fasting during Ramadan may be of benefit in losing weight and cardiometabolic risk factors, there is no strong evidence these benefits apply to people with diabetes. The American Diabetes Association/European Association for the Study of Diabetes consensus recommendations emphasize the importance of patient factors and comorbidities when choosing diabetes medications including the presence of comorbidities, atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, heart failure, chronic kidney disease, hypoglycemia risk, weight issues and costs. Structured education and pre-Ramadan counseing are key components to successful management of patients with diabetes. These should cover important aspects like glycemic targets, self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet, physical activity including Taraweeh prayers, medication and dose adjustment, side effects and when to break the fast. The decision cycle adapted for the specific situation of Ramadan provides an aid for such an assessment. Children with type 1 diabetes should strongly be advised not to fast due to the high risk of acute complications such as hypoglycemia and probably diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), although there is very little evidence that DKA is increased in Ramadan. Pregnant women with diabetes or gestational diabetes should be advised to avoid fasting because of possible negative maternal and fetal outcomes. Hypoglycemia is a common concern during Ramadan fasting. To prevent hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic events, we recommend the adoption of diabetes self-management education and support principles. The use of the emerging technology and continuous glucose monitoring during Ramadan could help to recognize hypoglycemic and hyperglycemic complications related to omission and/or medication adjustment during fasting; however, the cost represents a significant barrier.
Animal Models to Understand the Etiology and Pathophysiology of Polycystic Ovary Syndrome; More than 1 out of 10 women worldwide are diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), the leading cause of female reproductive and metabolic dysfunction. Despite its high prevalence, PCOS and its accompanying morbidities are likely underdiagnosed, averaging > 2 years and 3 physicians before women are diagnosed. Although it has been intensively researched, the underlying cause(s) of PCOS have yet to be defined. In order to understand PCOS pathophysiology, its developmental origins, and how to predict and prevent PCOS onset, there is an urgent need for safe and effective markers and treatments. In this review, we detail which animal models are more suitable for contributing to our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of PCOS. We summarize and highlight advantages and limitations of hormonal or genetic manipulation of animal models, as well as of naturally occurring PCOS-like females.
Induction of labour indications and timing: A systematic analysis of clinical guidelines; Background: There is widespread and some unexplained variation in induction of labour rates between hospitals. Some practice variation may stem from variability in clinical guidelines. This review aimed to identify to what extent induction of labour guidelines provide consistent recommendations in relation to reasons for, and timing of, induction of labour and ascertain whether inconsistencies can be explained by variability guideline quality. Method: We conducted a systematic search of national and international English-language guidelines published between 2008 and 2018. General induction of labour guidelines and condition-specific guidelines containing induction of labour recommendations were searched. Guidelines were reviewed and extracted independently by two reviewers. Guideline quality was assessed using the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research and Evaluation II Instrument. Findings: Forty nine guidelines of varying quality were included. Indications where guidelines had mostly consistent advice included prolonged pregnancy (induction between 41 and 42 weeks), preterm premature rupture of membranes, and term preeclampsia (induction when preeclampsia diagnosed ≥37 weeks). Guidelines were also consistent in agreeing on decreased fetal movements and oligohydramnios as valid indications for induction, although timing recommendations were absent or inconsistent. Common indications where there was little consensus on validity and/or timing of induction included gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, elevated maternal body mass index, and twin pregnancy. Conclusion: Substantial variation in clinical practice guidelines for indications for induction exists. As guidelines rated of similar quality presented conflicting recommendations, guideline variability was not explained by guideline quality. Guideline variability may partly account for unexplained variation in induction of labour rates.
Impact of a surgical site infection bundle on cesarean delivery infection rates; Background: This study investigated cesarean delivery surgical site infection (SSI) rates before and after implementation of a SSI care bundle. Methods: A SSI bundle for cesareans was introduced in our hospital in April 2014 to reduce the SSI rate. The practices were divided into bundle elements that reflected preoperative, intraoperative, and postoperative care. We conducted a retrospective cohort study to evaluate implementation of the SSI care bundle. Women were included if they had a gestational age of at least 23 0/7 weeks and delivered a liveborn neonate(s) between 2012 and 2015. They were then divided into 2 study groups: pre-bundle and post-bundle. The primary study outcome was SSI rate. Secondary outcomes included comorbidities, perioperative factors, and SSI classification. Results: The overall incidence of cesarean SSIs during the study time period was 1.89 (76 SSIs in 4014 cesarean deliveries). The pre-bundle mean was 2.44 and decreased to 1.1 following implementation of the SSI bundle (P = .013). This represents a 221% reduction in the SSI rate. Patient demographics and pre-existing medical conditions were similar pre- and post-bundle. Compliance with bundle elements was high. Conclusions: A significant reduction in SSI rate in cesarean deliveries was seen following implementation of an infection prevention bundle.
5-year experience of a tertiary center in major congenital abnormalities in singleton pregnancies; Objective: To demonstrate major congenital abnormalities delivered or terminated at our institution between 2014 and 2018. Materials and Methods: Necessary information was retrieved from the registries of the delivery room and electronic database of Hacettepe University Hospital, Ankara. Results: This study was consisted of 307 major congenital anomalies. The incidence of major congenital anomalies was 2.9 per 1,000 live births, while the majority of the cases were related to cardiovascular, central nervous system, and diaphragmatic hernia with 97, 87, and 25 cases at each group, respectively. Rate of termination of pregnancy (TOP) and live birth were 35.1 and 59.2%, respectively. The overall infant mortality rate was 28.9% in cases with live birth, while this rate was highest in cardiovascular system abnormalities and diaphragmatic hernia. Out of 182 newborns, 92.8% admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit after the delivery. Median gestational week at TOP was 21(20). Conclusion: We have shown that TOP and infant mortality rates were 35.1 and 28.9%, respectively in pregnancies with fetal malformations. Detailed multidisciplinary counseling must be provided for parents in pregnancies with major congenital abnormalities.
“If I Don’t Eat Enough, I Won’t Be Healthy”. Women’s Experiences with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Treatment in Rural and Urban South India; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a range of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as increased risk of future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In India, 10%–35% of pregnant women develop GDM. In this study, we investigated women’s experiences with the dietary and pharmaceutical treatment for GDM in rural and urban Tamil Nadu, India. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with 19 women diagnosed with GDM. Data were analyzed using qualitative content analysis. Three overall aspects were discovered with several sub-aspects characterizing women’s experiences: emotional challenges (fear and apprehension for the baby’ health and struggling to accept a treatment seen as counterintuitive to being safe and healthy), interpersonal challenges (managing treatment in the near social relations and social support, and coordinating treatment with work and social life), and health system-related challenges (availability and cost of treatment, interaction with health care providers). Some aspects acted as barriers. However, social support and positive, high-quality interactions with health care providers could mitigate some of these barriers and facilitate the treatment process. Greater efforts at awareness creation in the social environment and systemic adjustments in care delivery targeting the individual, family, community and health system levels are needed in order to ensure that women with GDM have the opportunity to access treatment and are enabled and motivated to follow it as well.
Women and Cardiovascular Disease: Pregnancy, the Forgotten Risk Factor; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death and disability in women globally, accounting for 32% of deaths in females. There are several female-specific risk factors for CVD that are under appreciated clinically, insufficiently researched and not given adequate attention in CVD risk prediction. Hypertensive and metabolic disorders of pregnancy are independent risk factors for the development of premature CVD. They confer more than double the risk of CVD in exposed women, but are not included in any current, multivariable CVD risk prediction models. Failure to recognise this risk leads to a lost opportunity to identify at risk women, institute primary preventive strategies, and potentially improve their health trajectory. This also translates into a missed opportunity to educate women and their families about their CVD risks, and to a lack of awareness and prioritisation of CVD within the broader community. Improving CVD outcomes for women globally also requires attention to research methodology and analysis. Researchers should be encouraged to include a thorough pregnancy history in prospective CVD datasets and to power their studies to report on gender disaggregated CVD outcomes. Particular attention should be given to the inclusion of young women of child-bearing age in CVD intervention trials. Ultimately, women should be offered CVD assessment using gender specific risk prediction models that are validated across broad ethic and socioeconomic groups. These prediction models should account for female specific risk factors and their complex interactions with traditional risk factors. This will pave the way for a gender-specific approach to CVD diagnosis, investigation and management.
Self-reported eating speed and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan environment and children’s study; There is little evidence linking eating speed to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) incidence. We therefore aimed to evaluate the prospective association of eating speed with GDM incidence. Overall, 97,454 pregnant women were recruited between January 2011 and March 2014. Singleton pregnant women who did not have GDM, heart disease, stroke, cancer, type 1 diabetes, and/or type 2 diabetes at the time of study enrollment were eligible. Each woman was asked about her eating speed at that time via a questionnaire. Odds ratios of GDM in relation to eating speed were obtained using logistic regression. Among the 84,811 women eligible for analysis, 1902 cases of GDM were identified in medical records. Compared with women who reported slow eating speed, the age-adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of GDM for women who reported medium, relatively fast, or very fast eating speed were 1.03 (0.90, 1.18), 1.07 (0.94, 1.23), and 1.28 (1.05, 1.58), respectively. Adjustment for demographic, lifestyle-related, and dietary factors including dietary fat, dietary fiber, and energy intakes yielded similar results. The association was attenuated and no longer significant after further adjustment for pre-pregnancy body mass index. The mediation analysis showed that being overweight accounted for 64% of the excess risk of GDM associated with eating speed. In conclusion, women who reported very fast eating speed, compared with those reporting slow eating speed, were associated with an increased incidence of GDM, which may be largely mediated by increased body fat.
Trimethylamine n-oxide in relation to cardiometabolic health—cause or effect?; Trimethylamine-N-oxide (TMAO) is generated in a microbial-mammalian co-metabolic pathway mainly from the digestion of meat-containing food and dietary quaternary amines such as phosphatidylcholine, choline, betaine, or L-carnitine. Fish intake provides a direct significant source of TMAO. Human observational studies previously reported a positive relationship between plasma TMAO concentrations and cardiometabolic diseases. Discrepancies and inconsistencies of recent investigations and previous studies questioned the role of TMAO in these diseases. Several animal studies reported neutral or even beneficial effects of TMAO or its precursors in cardiovascular disease model systems, supporting the clinically proven beneficial effects of its precursor, L-carnitine, or a sea-food rich diet (naturally containing TMAO) on cardiometabolic health. In this review, we summarize recent preclinical and epidemiological evidence on the effects of TMAO, in order to shed some light on the role of TMAO in cardiometabolic diseases, particularly as related to the microbiome.
Hearing outcomes in children of diabetic pregnancies; Objective: Children of diabetic pregnancies (CDPs) face numerous risk factors for hearing loss (HL). The objective of this study was to investigate the hearing outcomes of CDPs on a population scale. Methods: Using the Audiological and Genetic Database, the prevalence, severity, and progression of HL in CDPs was compared against children of non-diabetic pregnancies (CNDPs) who served as controls. Results: Among 311 CDPs, 71.1% demonstrated evidence of HL compared to 45.5% in CNDPs (p < 0.001). The mean age at which CDPs received audiograms was 3.6 years compared to 5.4 years for CNDPs (p < 0.001). Compared to CNDPs, CDPs were similarly affected by common otologic conditions such as acute otitis media (25.7%), chronic otitis media (38.3%), and Eustachian tube dysfunction (41.8%) (all p > 0.05). CDPs were more likely to have bilateral HL (81%) and sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL) (8%) relative to CNDPs (p < 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). Rates of conductive HL and mixed HL were not significantly different between groups (p = 0.952 and p = 0.058, respectively). CDPs were at significant risk for the development of HL (aOR 1.66 [1.28–2.17], SNHL (aOR 1.63 [1.01–2.52], and high-frequency HL (aOR 1.32 [1.03–1.68]). Of the comorbidities evaluated, CDPs with hyperbilirubinemia (aOR 1.85 [1.18–2.84]), perinatal asphyxia (aOR 1.90 [1.06–3.16]), or congenital heart disease (aOR 1.21 [1.07–1.37]) demonstrated higher risk of SNHL. Conclusion: Children of diabetic pregnancies face increased risks of developing HL, particularly bilateral and sensorineural hearing loss. Given these findings, we recommend close audiologic follow-up for these children, especially those with complicated birth histories or additional medical problems.
Thrombin/PAR-1 activation induces endothelial damages via NLRP1 inflammasome in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of progressing to type 2 DM and cardiovascular disease; however, the pathogenesis is still poorly understood. This study was to investigate roles of thrombin and its receptor protease-activated receptor 1 (PAR-1) and NLRP1 inflammasome in endothelial injury in GDM condition. Umbilical cord and plasma of GDM patients and high glucose (HG) cultured human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used to examine the pathological changes of these pathways. Meanwhile, ameliorative effects and potential mechanisms of a natural product sarsasapogenin (Sar) were investigated in HUVECs. Thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) axis, and the nucleotide-binding domain and leucine-rich repeat containing protein 1 (NLRP1) inflammasome were activated in GDM condition and HG-cultured HUVECs, accompanied by endothelial injury (decreased cell viability and increased lactate dehydrogenase release). Nevertheless, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism caused decreases in AGEs formation and RAGE expression in HG-cultured HUVECs, while AGEs inhibition or RAGE antagonism declined PAR-1 expression not thrombin activity. Furthermore, thrombin inhibition or PAR-1 antagonism restrained NLRP1 inflammasome activation in HG-cultured HUVECs; meanwhile, NLRP1 expression and interleukin 18 levels were remarkably reduced in HG-cultured HUVECs after PAR-1 knockdown. Interestingly, Sar co-treatment could suppress thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, NLRP1 inflammasome, and AGEs/RAGE axis. Together, endothelial damages in GDM were likely due to enhanced interaction between AGEs/RAGE axis and thrombin/PAR-1 pathway, followed by NLRP1 inflammasome activation. Moreover, Sar may act as a protective agent against endothelial injury in chronic HG condition.
Atrial septal aneurysm in pregnancy: Echocardiography and obstetric outcomes; Atrial septal aneurysm (ASA) is an uncommon cardiac anomaly that increases maternal morbidity during pregnancy. ASA is related to atrial arrhythmia thromboembolism and it may accompany congenital anomalies such as an atrial septal defect (ASD) or patent foramen ovale (PFO). There are no studies examining pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with ASA. We aimed to investigate the cardiologic parameters and obstetric outcomes of pregnant women diagnosed with ASA. This prospective cohort study analyzed 45 pregnant women diagnosed with ASA, who continued their follow-ups in an obstetric tertiary care center. A total of 45 pregnant women were recruited; seven pregnancies ended before the 20th gestational week (six spontaneous abortion, one fetal anomaly), 38 women gave birth. In total, there were 32 term births (≥37 weeks), six preterm births (<37 weeks), two extremely preterm births <28 weeks). Among 38 babies delivered, several obstetrical complications such as oligohydramnios, spontaneous preterm labor, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developed in 16 patients, while 22 women ended with term pregnancy without any complications. Deep venous thrombosis (DVT) developed in one patient. ASA may have an increased risk for cardiac complications during pregnancy and may also be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes. Increased attention to these entities with more studies is needed in order to determine a potential risk for pregnant women.
Do lifetime anxiety disorders (anxiety liability) and pregnancy-related anxiety predict complications during pregnancy and delivery?; Background: Evidence suggests that maternal anxiety is associated with adverse pregnancy and delivery outcomes, such as preterm birth, vaginal bleedings and low birth weight. Aims: To examine the association of lifetime anxiety disorders and pregnancy-related anxiety and complications during pregnancy and delivery. Study design: Prospective-longitudinal study (MARI). Subjects: N = 306 pregnant women who were investigated repeatedly during the peripartum period. Outcome measures: Information on lifetime anxiety disorders was assessed using a dimensional score (lifetime anxiety liability index) based on the standardized Composite International Diagnostic Interview for Women (CIDI-V). Pregnancy-related anxiety was surveyed with the Pregnancy and Childbirth Related Fears (PCF) questionnaire. Common pregnancy (e.g. vaginal bleedings) and delivery complications (e.g. labor induction) were assessed via medical records, interviews and questionnaires. Results: The global tests on the association between lifetime anxiety liability and pregnancy complications and on the association between pregnancy-related anxiety and pregnancy/delivery complications revealed significant associations. Further analyses revealed associations of lifetime anxiety liability with preterm labor (OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 1.2–2.0) as well as pregnancy-related anxiety with vaginal bleedings (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 1.0–1.8), preterm labor (OR = 1.3, 95% CI = 1.0–1.7), gestational diabetes (OR 0.5, 95% CI = 0.2–0.9), labor induction (OR = 1.5, 95% CI = 1.1–1.9) and use of labor medication (OR = 1.6, 95% CI = 1.2–2.0). After adjustment for maternal age, maternal body mass index, maternal smoking, socioeconomic status (occupation, household income) and social support (cohabitation), the associations between pregnancy-related anxiety and labor induction as well as use of labor medication remained significant. Conclusions: Pregnancy-related anxiety should be regularly assessed and, if necessary, treated during (early) pregnancy to minimize risks for complications during delivery.
Neighborhood racial and economic polarization, hospital of delivery, and severe maternal morbidity; Recent national and state legislation has called attention to stark racial/ethnic disparities in maternal mortality and severe maternal morbidity (SMM), the latter of which is defined as having a life-threatening condition or life-saving procedure during childbirth. Using linked New York City birth and hospitalization data for 2012–14, we examined whether racial and economic spatial polarization is associated with SMM rates, and whether the delivery hospital partially explains the association. Women in ZIP codes with the highest concentration of poor blacks relative to wealthy whites experienced 4.0 cases of SMM per 100 deliveries, compared with 1.7 cases per 100 deliveries among women in the neighborhoods with the lowest concentration (risk difference = 2.4 cases per 100). Thirty-five percent of this difference was attributable to the delivery hospital. Women in highly polarized neighborhoods were most likely to deliver in hospitals located in similarly polarized neighborhoods. Housing policy that targets racial and economic spatial polarization may address a root cause of SMM, while hospital quality improvement may mitigate the impact of such polarization.
Downregulation of microRNA-873 attenuates insulin resistance and myocardial injury in rats with gestational diabetes mellitus by upregulating IGFBP2; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a metabolic disorder characterized by insulin resistance, and patients with GDM have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) are reported to be involved in the regulation of myocardial injury. Moreover, miR-873 was predicted to target insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) through bioinformatic analysis, which was further confirmed using a luciferase assay. Thus, our objective was to assess whether microRNA-873 (miR-873) affects insulin resistance and myocardial injury in an established GDM rat model. The GDM rats were treated with miR-875 mimic or inhibitor or IGFBP2 siRNA. The effects of miR-875 and IGFBP2 on the cardiac function, insulin resistance, and myocardial injury were evaluated by hemodynamic measurements, determination of biochemical indices of myocardium and serum, and insulin homeostatic model assessment. The results indicated that downregulation of miR-873 upregulated the expression of IGFBP2 and promoted the activation of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) axis. With downregulation of miR-873 in GDM rats, the cardiac function was improved and the myocardial apoptosis was inhibited, coupled with elevated activity of superoxide dismutase, carbon monoxide synthase, and the nitric oxide content. In addition, the inhibition of miR-873 in GDM rats modulated the insulin resistance and reduced myocardial apoptosis. Overall, the data showed that inhibition of miR-873 by targeting IGFBP2 may regulate the insulin resistance and curtail myocardial injury in GDM rats through activating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR axis, thus providing a potential means of impeding the progression of GDM.
Sex differences in offspring neurodevelopment, cognitive performance and microglia morphology associated with maternal diabetes: Putative targets for insulin therapy; Diabetes during pregnancy has been shown to affect the central nervous system (CNS) of the offspring, resulting in short- and long-term adverse effects. Children of diabetic mothers are more likely to develop cognitive impairment, also having increased susceptibility to psychiatric disorders. Microglia, the immune cells of the CNS, work as sensors of environmental changes, namely metabolic challenges, as early as the intrauterine period. During this period, microglia is actively involved in processes of neurogenesis, synaptic pruning and detection of any environmental alteration that may impact brain development. The remarkable sex dimorphism in neurodevelopment, as well as sex differences in the morphology and immune function of microglia during development, led us to clarify if maternal diabetes affects specific behavioral traits and microglia morphology during infancy in a sex-specific manner. Another important goal of this study was to clarify if insulin, the gold standard treatment of diabetes during gestation, could prevent maternal diabetes-induced behavioral changes, as well as microglia morphology, also considering sex specificities. Other molecular and cellular players potentially involved in the link between changes in metabolism and behavior were also analyzed in the hippocampus, a brain region implicated in cognition and other behavioral outcomes. Diabetes during pregnancy globally delayed female and male offspring development and was associated with impairments in recognition memory, but only in female offspring. In line with these results, at early and late infancy, some molecular and cellular markers were altered in offspring hippocampus in a sex-specific manner. The strict control of glycemia by insulin during pregnancy prevented most of the negative effects induced by uncontrolled hyperglycemia. Notably, insulin administration to diabetic dams may also modulate offspring development in a way that differs from what is observed in physiological conditions, since it promoted the expedited acquisition of developmental milestones and of discrimination ability at memory test, also inducing a hyper-ramification of male and female hippocampal microglia. Importantly, this study highlights the importance of analyzing the impact of maternal diabetes and insulin therapy, taking into account sex differences, since male and female present different vulnerabilities to hyperglycemia in this critical period of life.
The pattern of neonatal admissions and mortality at a regional and district hospital in the Upper West Region of Ghana; a cross sectional study; Background High global neonatal deaths have triggered efforts to improve facility-based care. However, the outcomes achievable at different levels of care are unclear. This study compared morbidity and mortality patterns of newborns admitted to a regional and a district hospital in Ghana to determine outcome, risk and modifiable factors associated with mortality. Objective This study compared morbidity and mortality patterns of newborns admitted to a regional and a district hospital in Ghana to determine outcome, risk and modifiable factors associated with mortality Methods A cross-sectional study involving a records-review over one year at the Upper West Regional Hospital, and three years at St Joseph’s District Hospital, Jirapa was carried out. Age, sex, gestational age, weight, duration of admission, diagnosis, among others were examined. The data were analysed and statistical inference made. Results Altogether, 2004 newborns were examined, comprising 1,241(62%) from St Joseph’s District Hospital and 763(38%) from Upper West Regional Hospital. The proportion of neonatal deaths was similar, 8.94% (St Joseph’s District Hospital) and 8.91% (Upper West Regional Hospital). Prematurity, neonatal sepsis, birth asphyxia, low birth weight, neonatal jaundice and pneumonia contributed the most to mortality and suspected infections including malaria accounted for almost half (45.5%). Mortality was significantly associated with duration of stay of 48 hours, being premature, and being younger than 3 days. Conclusion Majority of the mortality among the neonates admitted was due to preventable causes. Better stabilization and further studies on the epidemiology of sepsis, prematurity, low birth weight, including the contribution of malaria to these and outcome of transferred neonates are needed.
Postpartum cardiovascular risk screening in a northern community clinic vs. a tertiary centre clinic; Objectives: This study compared pregnancy-related cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk indicators among women who attended two postpartum screening and education clinics: one in a tertiary care centre and one in a northern rural community. The differences in cardiovascular risk between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Canadian women were also examined. Methods: We compared data from an urban, tertiary level clinic (N=675) with that from a northern rural clinic (N=65). Patients who developed hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm birth or placental abruption attended at six months postpartum. Demographic information, personal and family history, physical examination findings, and laboratory results were collected and used to generate CVD risk estimates using validated scoring systems. These were compared between clinic populations and between ethnic subsets. Results: 55% of the rural cohort were Indigenous, while 87% of the urban cohort were Caucasian (P<0.001). There was no difference in rates of pre-existing diabetes or hypertension. There were significantly higher rates of smoking and alcohol consumption in the rural cohort (P<0.001). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were more prevalent in the urban cohort (P=0.002), while more gestational diabetes occurred in the rural setting (P=0.010). The rural population had higher lifetime (P=0.008) and 30-year CVD Risk scores (P=0.005). The Indigenous population had higher lifetime (P=0.001) and 30-year CVD Risk scores (P=0.008) than the Caucasian and Asian populations. Conclusions: The increased cardiovascular risk in both rural and Indigenous patients supports the needs for the implementation of better postpartum care, long term follow-up and early promotion of cardiovascular health in these populations.
Amino acid and lipid metabolism in postgestational diabetes and progression to type 2 diabetes: A metabolic profiling study; Background Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D) during midlife and an elevated risk of developing hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Glucose tolerance reclassification after delivery is recommended, but fewer than 40% of women with GDM are tested. Thus, improved risk stratification methods are needed, as is a deeper understanding of the pathology underlying the transition from GDM to T2D. We hypothesize that metabolites during the early postpartum period accurately distinguish risk of progression from GDM to T2D and that metabolite changes signify underlying pathophysiology for future disease development. Methods and findings The study utilized fasting plasma samples collected from a well-characterized prospective research study of 1,035 women diagnosed with GDM. The cohort included racially/ethnically diverse pregnant women (aged 20-45 years-33% primiparous, 37% biparous, 30% multiparous) who delivered at Kaiser Permanente Northern California hospitals from 2008 to 2011. Participants attended in-person research visits including 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTTs) at study baseline (6-9 weeks postpartum) and annually thereafter for 2 years, and we retrieved diabetes diagnoses from electronic medical records for 8 years. In a nested case-control study design, we collected fasting plasma samples among women without diabetes at baseline (n = 1,010) to measure metabolites among those who later progressed to incident T2D or did not develop T2D (non-T2D). We studied 173 incident T2D cases and 485 controls (pair-matched on BMI, age, and race/ethnicity) to discover metabolites associated with new onset of T2D. Up to 2 years post-baseline, we analyzed samples from 98 T2D cases with 239 controls to reveal T2D-associated metabolic changes. The longitudinal analysis tracked metabolic changes within individuals from baseline to 2 years of follow-up as the trajectory of T2D progression. By building prediction models, we discovered a distinct metabolic signature in the early postpartum period that predicted future T2D with a median discriminating power area under the receiver operating characteristic curve of 0.883 (95% CI 0.820-0.945, p < 0.001). At baseline, the most striking finding was an overall increase in amino acids (AAs) as well as diacyl-glycerophospholipids and a decrease in sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids among women with incident T2D. Pathway analysis revealed up-regulated AA metabolism, arginine/proline metabolism, and branched-chain AA (BCAA) metabolism at baseline. At follow-up after the onset of T2D, upregulation of AAs and down-regulation of sphingolipids and acyl-alkyl-glycerophospholipids were sustained or strengthened. Notably, longitudinal analyses revealed only 10 metabolites associated with progression to T2D, implicating AA and phospholipid metabolism. A study limitation is that all of the analyses were performed with the same cohort. It would be ideal to validate our findings in an independent longitudinal cohort of women with GDM who had glucose tolerance tested during the early postpartum period. Conclusions In this study, we discovered a metabolic signature predicting the transition from GDM to T2D in the early postpartum period that was superior to clinical parameters (fasting plasma glucose, 2-hour plasma glucose). The findings suggest that metabolic dysregulation, particularly AA dysmetabolism, is present years prior to diabetes onset, and is revealed during the early postpartum period, preceding progression to T2D, among women with GDM.
Dysregulated micro-RNAs and long noncoding RNAs in cardiac development and pediatric heart failure; Toni L, Hailu F, Sucharov CC. Dysregulated micro-RNAs and long noncoding RNAs in cardiac development and pediatric heart failure. Am J Physiol Heart Circ Physiol 318: H1308 H1315, 2020. First published March 27, 2020; doi:10.1152/ ajpheart.00511.2019. Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) are broadly described as RNA molecules that are not translated into protein. The investigation of dysregulated ncRNAs in human diseases such as cancer, neurological, and cardiovascular diseases has been under way for well over a decade. Micro-RNAs and long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are the best characterized ncRNAs. These ncRNAs can have profound effects on the regulation of gene expression during cardiac development and disease. Importantly, ncRNAs are significant regulators of gene expression in several congenital heart diseases and can positively or negatively impact cardiovascular development. In this review, we focus on literature involving micro-RNAs and lncRNAs in the context of pediatric cardiovascular diseases, preclinical models of heart failure, and cardiac development.
Relation between obesity complications of pregnancy and delivery; The worldwide epidemics of overweight and obesity have become important public health issues. The aim of the study was to screen of obese women according to their BMI and related obstetric complications and cesarean delivery. This cross-sectional study was conducted in Tikrit city over a period from 10th March to 10th July 2019 and included 100 singleton pregnant women with gestational age >37 weeks with cephalic presentation who attended Salahaddin general hospital, Gynecology and Obstetrics unit. Based on this, patients to be studied will be divided into 2 groups of 50 patients each: BMI less than 30 kg/m2 (considered as control group) and BMI ≥30 kg/m2 (obsess- cases group). All the patients included in the study were subjected to All the investigations including hemoglobin (Hb), bleeding time, clotting time, urine routine examination, prothrombin time, platelet count, renal function tests, liver function tests, blood sugar and urine for albumin were done. General examination- including general condition, hydration, blood pressure temperature, pallor, icterus, cyanosis, edema. Weight (in kgs) was measured in kilograms. Patients were weighed without shoes, wearing light indoor clothes. Height(in metres) was measured using a stadiometer. The present study showed that, out of a total of 50 pregnancies in each category, only 28% patients in the BMI≥30 category were free of complications compared with 80% of women with BMI was less than 30 (P. value: 0.004). Retinopathy, GDM and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) were recorded in 6% in the BMI≥30 category compared with 2% in women with BMI <30. The study revealed that 8% of women with BMI <30 were suffered from fetal distress while no one of women with BMI≥30 group and the difference was significant (P: 0.034). Non-progress of labour (NPOL) was present in 4% patients with BMI <30 category and was absent in the BMI >30, failure of induction occurred equally in 2% patients with BMI <30 and ≥30. Shoulder dystocia was observed in 2% of the patients in the BMI≥30 category, whereas it was absent in patients with BMI<30. The difference was statistically significant (P<0.01). The study indicated that postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) occurred in 2% of the patients with BMI <30 category and in 6% of the patients in the BMI≥30 group, Cervical/ Paravaginal tears were present in 4% of the BMI<30 category and 8% in BMI≥30 category.
Successful completion of pregnancy after Mustard procedure for transposition of great arteries: A rare case from the developing world; Surgical repair of transposition of great arteries has undergone various evolutionary changes over the years. The initial of these treatment options was atrial septectomy followed by atrial switch and the current preferred treatment option is arterial switch operation worldwide. Due to various reasons, like lack of medical and surgical expertise atrial switch operation was commonly in practice in developing countries until few years back. Pregnancy in a patient with history of atrial switch operation poses a unique haemodynamic challenge. We report the case of a successful pregnancy in a 26 years old lady who had undergone Mustard repair surgery in the past in Pakistan.
Nomograms of Fetal Cardiac Dimensions at 18-41 Weeks of Gestation; Objective: There is a need for standardized reference values for cardiac dimensions in prenatal life. The objective of the present study was to construct nomograms for fetal cardiac dimensions using a well-defined echocardiographic methodology in a low-risk population. Methods: This is a prospective cohort study including 602 low-risk singleton pregnancies undergoing a standardized fetal echocardiography to accurately assess fetal cardiac, ventricular, and atrial dimensions. Parametric regressions were tested to model each measurement against gestational age from 18 to 41 weeks of gestation. Results: Nomograms were constructed for fetal cardiac dimensions (transverse and longitudinal diameters and areas) of the whole heart, atria, and ventricles, as well as myocardial wall thicknesses. All dimensions showed a progressive increase with gestational age. The best model for most parameters was a second-degree linear polynomial. Fetal cardiac, ventricular, and atrial diameters and areas were successfully obtained in 98.6% of the fetuses, while myocardial wall thicknesses could be obtained in 96.5% of the population. The results showed excellent interobserver and intraobserver reproducibility (intraclass correlation coefficient, ICC > 0.811 and ICC > 0.957, respectively). Conclusions: We provide standardized and comprehensively evaluated reference values for fetal cardiac morphometric parameters across gestation in a low-risk population. These no mograms would enable the early identification of different patterns of fetal cardiac remodeling.
Anaesthetic management of a COVID-19 parturient for caesarean section - Case report and lessons learnt; The corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic sweeping across the world has severely strained health care resources (equipment and personnel) forcing us to rethink strategies to provide obstetric care while judiciously using resources. We describe the anaesthetic management of a mildly symptomatic, COVID-19 positive, 28-year-old second gravida with term pregnancy who was taken up for an elective caesarean section under subarachnoid block in a standalone maternity facility. Challenges encountered and modifications of standard procedures so as to optimize patient care and minimize exposure of health care professionals are also discussed.
Postpartum Breastfeeding and Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women following Pregnancy Complications; Background: Breastfeeding is associated with lower cardiovascular (CV) risk over the long-term, however, less is known about its immediate effects among women with a recent complicated pregnancy. The objective of this study is to investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on markers of cardiovascular disease risk among women ~6 months after a pregnancy complicated by a hypertensive disorder, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, or preterm birth. Materials and Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women seen at 6 months postpartum (interquartile range: 5.7-6.7) between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care center. Self-reported breastfeeding status and measured CV risk factors were assessed at the same visit. CV risk factors were compared between women who did not breastfeed (n = 100, 16%), those who breastfed for less than 6 months (n = 315, 51%), and those who breastfed for 6 months or more (n = 207, 33%) using multivariate logistic and linear regression. Results: Increased breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the likelihood of metabolic syndrome (adjusted odds ratio [95% confidence interval; CI]: 0.89 [0.79-0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.79 [0.64-0.96]), and ratio of total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) (0.86 [0.78-0.95]). Furthermore, body mass index (estimated beta coefficients [95% CI] -0.10 [-0.18 to -0.02]), fasting glucose (-0.05 [-0.08 to -0.02]), triglycerides (-0.07 [-0.10 to -0.04]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (-0.06 [-0.10 to -0.03]) also decreased with increased breastfeeding duration, while HDL-C increased (0.02 [-0.01 to -0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding is associated with decreased indicators of CV risk in a cohort of women with recent pregnancy complication.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risks multi-disciplinary awareness project; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the number one cause of death amongst women. There has been much effort put forth over the past decade in reducing both the incidence and prevalence of this disease burden through screening and treating the traditional risk factors. Recent guidelines have shown that adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs), including pre-eclampsia (PEC), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-term birth (PTB) have been associated with future maternal CVD risk. Much of the current literature focuses almost exclusively on PEC. Our investigation is more comprehensive, covering not only these other APOs but assessing whether providers of multiple specialties in our community are aware of the APO to CVD risk association. The primary objective of this study was to investigate if there exist any knowledge gaps regarding the progression from APO to CVD and if this knowledge varies by specialty. Methods: An anonymous voluntary survey through REDCap © was sent to providers in the fields of Internal medicine (IM, 21%), Family medicine (FM, 26%), Obstetrics-Gynecology (Ob-Gyn, 23%) and Cardiology (30%) who have been in practice for greater than five years in our local Gainesville community. This project was registered as a QI project and descriptive analysis was used to examine the responses. Results: A total of 53 providers responded to the survey. Despite having the majority of patients being women, Ob-Gyn was the least likely amongst all specialties to routinely screen for CV risk factors. However, when addressed, they were the most likely to ask about APOs. Cardiologists, despite declaring to be aware of the association between APOs and CV risk, were least likely to ask about APOs. All specialties recognized PEC and GDM as APOs linked to long-term maternal CV risk but failed to associate PTB as an APO. The majority of providers amongst IM, FM, and Cardiology did not ask about APOs and lacked the knowledge of how often to appropriately screen for secondary risk factors associated with APOs. Additionally, these providers outright admitted that they are not familiar with the current AHA and/or ACOG guidelines for screening and follow-up. Conclusion: Descriptive statistical analysis of our data suggests that there exists a notable knowledge gap between all four specialties investigated in our survey. Education concerning the link between APOs and future maternal CV risk is needed amongst all specialties, especially amongst the providers in Cardiology, IM, and FM. Targeted efforts at our institution to improve awareness of all APOs, their associated secondary risk factors, and appropriate screening is required in all specialties to help reduce CVD morbidity and mortality.
Prediabetes and diabetes mellitus in office workers having risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective: Indonesia ranks 6th of the countries in the world with highest number of people having diabetes mellitus (DM), and 70 % of them are not aware of it. To prevent health and socio-economic consequences of DM, it is very important to detect in its early development phase, especially in high risk population. We intended to obtain prevalence of prediabetes and type 2 DM in office workers with risk factors, in capital city Jakarta. Methods: We collected data on men and women, age 35 to 55 years, actively working in the office, body mass index (BMI) >23.0 kg/m2. Subjects had 1 (or more) of history of DM in the family, or gestational diabetes or gave birth to baby weighing >4 kg, physical inactivity, hypertension, and or cardiovascular disease. Subjects must not have history of DM, elevated blood glucose, or consumption of medication which affect blood glucose. Hypertension determined through history or physical examination. Exercise and sedentary lifestyle from questionnaire. Fat mass examined using SECA mBCA514. Dependent vari1ces ar1 asting plasma glucose (FPG) and hemoglobin A (HbAc). We are using Stata16 to analyze data by logistic regression. Results: Completed data comprised of 105 total subjects, 37 (35.24%) male, 68 (64.76%) female. Mean age 40.15 (SD 6.7) years. Mean BMI 28.9 (SD 4.64) kg/m2. Waist circumference in male 101.48 (SD 11.17) cm, 94.59% had circumference >90 cm. Waist circumference in female 91.06 (SD 8.57) cm, 91.18% had circumference >80 cm. Fat mas percentage 39.20 (SD 7.53) %. Family history of DM found in 43.81%. Hypertension in 16.19%. Under exercise in 93.33%. Sedentary lifestyle in 80.95 %. FPG 89.62 (SD 24.15) mg/dL, maximum 306 mg/dL. HbA1c 5.57 (SD 1.02) %, maximum 13.1%. Five (4.76%) subjects had FPG 100-125 mg/dL. Two (1.9%) subjects had FPG >126 mg/dL. HbA1c 5.7-6.4% found in 29 (27.62%) subjects. HbA1c >6.5% found in 4 (3.81%). Two (1.9%) subjects had FPG >126 mg/dL and HbA1c >6.5%. Three (2.86%) subjects had both FPG 100 - 125 mg/dL and HbA1c 5.7 - 6.4%. For DM based only on HbA1c, odds ratio (OR) of age = 1.102 (95% CI 1.03-1.17), OR of hypertension = 3.0 (95% CI 1.03-8.67), OR of waist circumference = 1.05(95%CI 1.009-1.097), each with p value <0.05. OR of family history, under exercise, BMI, and fat mass percent were not significant. No risk factors were significantly correlated with DM based on FPG alone. Discussion/Conclusion: Among 105 “healthy” workers, we found3.8% DM and 27.6% prediabetes utilizing HbA1c criteria. Using FPG level, the prevalence of DM was only half of that, and the number of prediabetes was much less. Only 1.9% of subjects had concordant criteria of both FPG and HbA1c for diagnosis of DM. HbA1c might be more sensitive but less specific than FPG, in this population. FPG usually diagnose less people with prediabetes or DM, compared to 2 hours post load glucose. Hypertension, waist circumference and age factors were significantly correlated with diabetes. Unexpectedly, sedentary lifestyle, under exercise, and BMI didn't have correlation. These could be due to relatively young age, active workers, and small numbers of subjects. This study may raise awareness of diabetes and pre-diabetes in asymptomatic office worker population.
BRAzil magnesium (BRAMAG) trial: A double-masked randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy; Background: There is conflicting evidence about the role of oral magnesium supplementation in the prevention of preterm birth and related adverse outcomes. The objective of this study was to compare magnesium citrate with placebo in the prevention of adverse perinatal and maternal outcomes among women at higher risk. Methods: This multicenter, double-masked, placebo-controlled randomized superiority clinical trial compared oral magnesium citrate 300 mg to matched placebo, from 12 to 20 weeks' gestation until delivery. This trial was completed in three centers in northeastern Brazil. Eligible women were those with a singleton pregnancy and ≥ 1 risk factor, such as prior preterm birth or preeclampsia, or current chronic hypertension or pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, age > 35 years or elevated body mass index. The primary perinatal composite outcome comprised preterm birth < 37 weeks' gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks, neonatal death or NICU admission < 28 days after birth, or small for gestational age birthweight < 3rd percentile. The co-primary maternal composite outcome comprised preeclampsia or eclampsia < 37 weeks, severe gestational hypertension < 37 weeks, placental abruption, or maternal stroke or death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery. Results: Analyses comprised 407 women who received magnesium citrate and 422 who received placebo. The perinatal composite outcome occurred among 75 (18.4%) in the magnesium arm and 76 (18.0%) in the placebo group - an adjusted odds ratio (aOR) of 1.10 (95% CI 0.72-1.68). The maternal composite outcome occurred among 49 (12.0%) women in the magnesium arm and 41 women (9.7%) in the placebo group - an aOR of 1.29 (95% CI 0.83-2.00). Conclusions: Oral magnesium citrate supplementation did not appear to reduce adverse perinatal or maternal outcomes in high-risk singleton pregnancies. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT02032186, registered January 9, 2014.
Epicardial adipose tissue thickness as a potential predictor of gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder that can occur during pregnancy and is associated with a long-term risk of both maternal and neonatal comorbidities. This study aimed to investigate the association between echocardiographic epicardial adipose tissue (EAT) and the risk for GDM during the early second trimester of pregnancy. Method: We recruited all singleton pregnancies between January 2014 and December 2018 at 16 weeks + 0 days to 19 weeks + 6 days. We then used generalized linear models to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for EAT as a potential predictor for GDM. Receiver-operating-characteristic (ROC) analysis was then conducted to investigate the discriminative capacity of any individual maternal factor for the prediction of GDM. Results: In total, our study involved 314 pregnant women with GDM and 1832 pregnant women without GDM. Multivariate regression analysis revealed that EAT thickness (OR = 2.87; 95% CI: 2.49-3.31) was significantly associated with the presence of GDM (P < 0.001). Furthermore, EAT thickness was also significantly associated with a range of adverse outcomes in the GDM group, including large size for gestational age, neonatal hypoglycemia, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, preterm delivery, and hyperbilirubinemia (P < 0.001). ROC analysis revealed that the area under the curve was 0.790 (95% CI: 0.768-0.812). When the cutoff value for EAT thickness was set to 5.49 mm, the sensitivity was 95.2% and the specificity was 50.5%. Conclusions: Echocardiographic EAT thickness is positively and significantly associated with both the risk of GDM and adverse outcomes related to GDM. Echocardiographic EAT has the potential to predict GDM prior to actual clinical diagnosis.
Cardiac arrest in the delivery room after spinal anesthesia for cesarean section: a case report and review of literature; Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare event due to different cause. When it occurs after spinal anesthesia a cause that can explain this event is the Bezold–Jarish Reflex (BJR). A cardiac arrest occurs in a pregnant women after spinal anesthesia admistered for urgent caesarean section. During this event perimortem caesarean delivery (PMCD) is the rapid surgical way that can improve maternal and fetal outcomes. In this situation, it is very important to have a multidisciplinary team of midwives, obstetricians, anesthetists, neonatologists, intensivists that is able to perform perimortem caesarean delivery according to the guidelines.
Metformin and Its Benefits for Various Diseases; Metformin is a widely used biguanide drug due to its safety and low cost. It has been used for over 60 years to treat type 2 diabetes at the early stages because of its outstanding ability to decrease plasma glucose levels. Over time, different uses of metformin were discovered, and the benefits of metformin for various diseases and even aging were verified. These diseases include cancers (e.g., breast cancer, endometrial cancer, bone cancer, colorectal cancer, and melanoma), obesity, liver diseases, cardiovascular disease, and renal diseases. Metformin exerts different effects through different signaling pathways. However, the underlying mechanisms of these different benefits remain to be elucidated. The aim of this review is to provide a brief summary of the benefits of metformin and to discuss the possible underlying mechanisms.
Amniotic fluid embolism: The pathophysiology, diagnostic clue, and blood biomarkers indicator for disease prediction; Objective: This article aims to review and provide more understanding of current knowledge of amniotic fluid embolism regarding pathophysiology, diagnostic criteria, risk factors, indicating biomarkers, treatment strategies and outcomes of some case reports. Study design: A systematic literature review was performed using the PubMed database, restricted to articles published in English from 1992 to 2018. Original research, case reports, guideline recommendations, and review articles were reviewed in this study. Summary: Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare catastrophic obstetric condition defined by clinical manifestations of pregnancy with sudden onset of cardiopulmonary arrest, consumptive coagulopathy or neurological deficits without other explainable illnesses. The incidence varies from 1.7-14.8 cases per 100,000 worldwide. The current understanding of AFE pathophysiology includes fetal components obstructing maternal microvessels with subsequent anaphylactoid reaction. Maternal pulmonary vasospasm and hematologic activation occur later, followed by heart failure and sudden cardiovascular collapse. Some of the possible risk factors for AFE include; 1) Maternal risk: Age over 35 years, hypertensive disorder and diabetes mellitus; 2) Fetal risk: polyhydramnios, multiparity, non-vertex at delivery, fetal distress and fetal macrosomia; 3) Obstetric risks: Amniocentesis, artificial amniotic fluid injection, oxytocin infusion, and placental abruption. Some of the useful biomarkers have been proposed including zinc coproporphyrin-1, squamous cell carcinoma antigen, carcinoembryonic antigen, cancer antigen 125, Siatyl Tn, monoclonal antibody TKH-2, C3, C4, tryptase, insulin-like growth factor binding protein-1, C1 esterase inhibitor. Management of AFE requires immediate basic life support and advanced cardiac life support. Adequate oxygenation, ventilation, coagulopathy correction, and appropriate vasopressors are recommended. However, the outcome prediction of AFE remains challenging.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries; The aim of this study was to define the pregnancy outcomes in women with congenitally corrected transposition of the great arteries (cc-TGA). The medical databases at Anzhen Hospital between January 2011 and March 2018 were retrospectively reviewed. Data of 12 pregnant women with cc-TGA were collected. One patient was lost at 35 weeks of gestation. There were 8 (72.7%) term births and 3 (27.3%) premature births. Of the 11 deliveries, 2 (18.2%) were vaginal and 9 (81.8%) were cesarean. The baseline New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class was I-II in 11 patients, II-III in 7 patients, and III-IV in 5 patients in the third trimester (P = 0.037). In the third trimester, 6 (50%) patients became symptomatic and experienced heart function deterioration compared with asymptomatic patients (6 vs. 0, P = 0.002). In the third trimester, tricuspid regurgitation (TR) was identified in 11 patients: 2 with mild TR, 4 with moderate TR, and 5 with severe TR. Five symptomatic patients developed severe TR, in which the rate of TR was significantly higher than that of asymptomatic patients (5 vs. 0, P = 0.015). No difference was found in NYHA class between the third trimester and 1 week after delivery (P 0.05). One patient died of ventricular fibrillation at 3 months postpartum. Successful pregnancy can be achieved by most women with cc-TGA. The deterioration of right ventricular function is common among pregnant women with cc-TGA, and severe TR is a high risk factor resulting in deterioration of the right ventricular function.
Pregnancy-associated cardiac dysfunction and the regulatory role of microRNAs; Many crucial cardiovascular adaptations occur in the body during pregnancy to ensure successful gestation. Maladaptation of the cardiovascular system during pregnancy can lead to complications that promote cardiac dysfunction and may lead to heart failure (HF). About 12% of pregnancy-related deaths in the USA have been attributed to HF and the detrimental effects of cardiovascular complications on the heart can be long-lasting, pre-disposing the mother to HF later in life. Indeed, cardiovascular complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, and peripartum cardiomyopathy have been shown to induce cardiac metabolic dysfunction, oxidative stress, fibrosis, apoptosis, and diastolic and systolic dysfunction in the hearts of pregnant women, all of which are hallmarks of HF. The exact etiology and cardiac pathophysiology of pregnancy-related complications is not yet fully deciphered. Furthermore, diagnosis of cardiac dysfunction in pregnancy is often made only after clinical symptoms are already present, thus necessitating the need for novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. Mounting data demonstrates an altered expression of maternal circulating miRNAs during pregnancy affected by cardiovascular complications. Throughout the past decade, miRNAs have become of growing interest as modulators and biomarkers of pathophysiology, diagnosis, and prognosis in cardiac dysfunction. While the association between pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications and cardiac dysfunction or HF is becoming increasingly evident, the roles of miRNA-mediated regulation herein remain poorly understood. Therefore, this review will summarize current reports on pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications that may lead to cardiac dysfunction and HF during and after pregnancy in previously healthy women, with a focus on the pathophysiological role of miRNAs.
Prediction of postnatal abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord in gestational diabetes mellitus: a diagnostic accuracy study; Objective: To investigate whether evaluations of antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) could predict postnatal umbilical coiling index (UCI) (pUCI) in people with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with normal pregnancy independent of maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics. Method: In this prospective study, 105 women with normal pregnancy, and 117 women with pregnancy complicated by GDM were recruited. Ultrasound scan of umbilical cord was performed at 18–23 and 37–41 weeks of gestation (WG). Evaluation of pUCI, as the reference standard, was performed within 24 hours after delivery. Findings: There was no significant relationship between aUCI and maternal demographic and reproductive characteristics. The mean for pUCI was 0.21 ± 0.12 in the GDM group, and 0.21 ± 0.09 in the normal pregnancy (p =.61). In the GDM group, a significant association was found between aUCI and pUCI categories (p =.004). The area under curve (AUC) was less than 0.5 for hypocoiling in both groups. For hypercoiling it was 0.84 ± 0.04 in the GDM group and 0.75 ± 0.06 in the normal pregnancy group (18–23 WG). In the GDM group the cutoff points that predict hypercoiling were 0.28 (18–23WG), and 0.21 (37–41WG). These were 0.35 (18–23WG), and 0.33 (37–41WG) in the normal pregnancy group. Diagnostic accuracy analysis revealed that in the GDM group, the sensitivity and specificity of hypercoiling for prediction of pUCI were 0.94 and 0.70 respectively at 18–23 WG. Conclusions: Antenatal hypercoiling at the second trimester of pregnancy strongly predict postnatal hypercoiling in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
Further delineation of neuropsychiatric findings in Tatton-Brown-Rahman syndrome due to disease-causing variants in DNMT3A: seven new patients; Tatton-Brown-Rahman (TBRS) syndrome is a recently described overgrowth syndrome caused by loss of function variants in the DNMT3A gene. This gene encodes for a DNA methyltransferase 3 alpha, which is involved in epigenetic regulation, especially during embryonic development. Somatic variants in DNMT3A have been widely studied in different types of tumors, including acute myeloid leukemia, hematopoietic, and lymphoid cancers. Germline gain-of-function variants in this gene have been recently implicated in microcephalic dwarfism. Common clinical features of patients with TBRS include tall stature, macrocephaly, intellectual disability (ID), and a distinctive facial appearance. Differential diagnosis of TBRS comprises Sotos, Weaver, and Malan Syndromes. The majority of these disorders present other clinical features with a high clinical overlap, making necessary a molecular confirmation of the clinical diagnosis. We here describe seven new patients with variants in DNMT3A, four of them with neuropsychiatric disorders, including schizophrenia and psychotic behavior. In addition, one of the patients has developed a brain tumor in adulthood. This patient has also cerebral atrophy, aggressive behavior, ID, and abnormal facial features. Clinical evaluation of this group of patients should include a complete neuropsychiatric assessment together with psychological support in order to detect and manage abnormal behaviors such as aggressiveness, impulsivity, and attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder. TBRS should be suspected in patients with overgrowth, ID, tall stature, and macrocephaly, who also have some neuropsychiatric disorders without any genetic defects in the commonest overgrowth disorders. Molecular confirmation in these patients is mandatory.
Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk assessment in mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus based on postpartal expression profile of micrornas associated with diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases; Mothers with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing diabetes in the future and a lifelong cardiovascular risk. Postpartal expression profile of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular disease associated microRNAs was assessed 3–11 years after the delivery in whole peripheral blood of young and middle-aged mothers with a prior exposure to GDM with the aim to identify a high-risk group of mothers at risk of later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases who would benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies and long-term follow-up. The hypothesis of the assessment of cardiovascular risk in women was based on the knowledge that a series of microRNAs play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. Abnormal expression profile of multiple microRNAs was found in women with a prior exposure to GDM (miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-499a-5p, and-miR-574-3p). Postpartal combined screening of miR-1-3p, miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-103a-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-195-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p showed the highest accuracy for the identification of mothers with a prior exposure to GDM at a higher risk of later development of cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases (AUC 0.900, p < 0.001, sensitivity 77.48%, specificity 93.26%, cut off >0.611270413). It was able to identify 77.48% mothers with an increased cardiovascular risk at 10.0% FPR. Any of changes in epigenome (upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-17-5p, miR-29a-3p, and miR-195-5p) that were induced by GDM-complicated pregnancy are long-acting and may predispose mothers affected with GDM to later development of diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases. In addition, novel epigenetic changes (upregulation of serious of microRNAs) appeared in a proportion of women that were exposed to GDM throughout the postpartal life. Likewise, a previous occurrence of either GH, PE, and/or FGR, as well as a previous occurrence of GDM, is associated with the upregulation of miR-1-3p, miR-17-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-20b-5p, miR-29a-3p, miR-100-5p, miR-125b-5p, miR-126-3p, miR-130b-3p, miR-133a-3p, miR-143-3p, miR-145-5p, miR-146a-5p, miR-181a-5p, miR-199a-5p, miR-221-3p, and miR-499a-5p. On the other hand, upregulation of miR-16-5p, miR-21-5p, miR-23a-3p, miR-24-3p, miR-26a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-195-5p, miR-342-3p, and miR-574-3p represents a unique feature of aberrant expression profile of women with a prior exposure to GDM. Screening of particular microRNAs may stratify a high-risk group of mothers with a history of GDM who might benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies.
Genes and diet in the prevention of chronic diseases in future generations; Nutrition is a modifiable key factor that is able to interact with both the genome and epigenome to influence human health and fertility. In particular, specific genetic variants can influence the response to dietary components and nutrient requirements, and conversely, the diet itself is able to modulate gene expression. In this context and the era of precision medicine, nutrigenetic and nutrigenomic studies officer significant opportunities to improve the prevention of metabolic disturbances, such as Type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases, even with transgenerational efficects. The present review takes into account the interactions between diet, genes and human health, and provides an overview of the role of nutrigenetics, nutrigenomics and epigenetics in the prevention of non-communicable diseases. Moreover, we focus our attention on the mechanism of intergenerational or transgenerational transmission of the susceptibility to metabolic disturbances, and underline that the reversibility of epigenetic modifications through dietary intervention could counteract perturbations induced by lifestyle and environmental factors.
Risk factors and pregnancy outcome in women aged over 40 years at Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, Ghana; Objective: To examine the risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in women aged 40 years and older at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital, Accra, Ghana. Methods: A descriptive case–control study comparing women aged 40 years and older at the time of delivery with those between 20 and 34 who delivered at the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital between April 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015. Data were collected using interviewer-administered questionnaires and supplemented with information from patients’ medical records. A multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio and the 95% confidence interval of various risk factors and complications associated with delivery in women aged 40 years or older. Statistical significance was set at P<0.05. Results: There were 339 women in the study of which 113 were aged 40 years or older and 226 were aged between 20 and 34 years. Delivery at age 40 years or older was associated with grand multiparity, and unplanned and undesirable pregnancy. There was a higher incidence of gestational diabetes (7.1% vs 2.2%, P=0.036), cesarean delivery (70.1% vs 57.1%, P=0.018), and venous thromboembolism (VTE) (7.1% vs 1.3%, P=0.008) among women older than 40 years. VTE risk was increased sixfold in the women older than 40 years compared with the younger ones. Conclusion: Women delivering after age 40 years had a higher incidence of gestational diabetes, cesarean delivery, and VTE compared with younger women. VTE risk increased sixfold in the older women.
Small left colon syndrome with imperforate anus, a rare coincidence; A case report of High type imperforate anus with recto-urethral fistula was found to be associated during colostomy with left micro-colon. The mother of the child was insulin dependent diabetic. Such babies are more prone to VACTERL anomalies. Small left colon syndrome has never been reported to coincide with imperforate anus, though the two can occur in babies born of diabetic mothers as a separate entity.
Skipping breakfast before and during early pregnancy and incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; There is little evidence linking breakfast skipping to the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Objectives: We aimed to evaluate the prospective association of breakfast consumption with the incidence of GDM. Methods: A total of 103,099 pregnancies were registered during study enrollment (January 2011 to March 2014), involving 97,454 pregnant women from 15 areas across Japan. Singleton pregnant women free of GDM, stroke, heart disease, cancer, and type 1 or type 2 diabetes at the study enrollment were eligible for analysis. We used a self-administered questionnaire to obtain data on demographic information, socioeconomic status, self-rated health status, disease history, lifestyle, and dietary habits of each woman at study enrollment. A semiquantitative FFQ was used for dietary assessment. We used logistic regression to obtain the OR of GDM in relation to breakfast consumption. Results: Among 84,669 pregnant women for analysis, 1935 cases of GDM were documented. After adjustment for potential confounding factors including prepregnancy BMI, the multivariable-adjusted ORs of GDM for women who consumed breakfast 5-6 times/wk, 3-4 times/wk, and 0-2 times/wk were 1.09 (95% CI: 0.93, 1.27), 1.14 (95% CI: 0.96, 1.34), and 1.21 (95% CI: 1.05, 1.41), respectively, compared with daily breakfast eaters. The association appeared to be dose dependent (P-trend = 0.006) and was not significantly modified by prepregnancy BMI. Conclusions: Breakfast consumption <3 times/wk before and during early pregnancy, compared with daily consumption, was associated with an increased odds of developing GDM.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Are Associated with Reduced Coronary Flow Reserve in Women with Signs and Symptoms of Ischemia Without Obstructive Coronary Artery Disease: A Report from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation-Coronary Vascular Dysfunction Study; Background: We assessed history of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation - Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with CMD with symptoms and signs of ischemia, without obstructive CAD, are more likely to have a history of APO. Materials and Methods: WISE-CVD recruited women with suspected ischemia found to have no obstructive CAD (n = 324). A subset of these women underwent coronary reactivity testing, including coronary flow reserve (CFR) (n = 185). Relationship between history of any APO and CMD was assessed by multivariable linear regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: hypertension during pregnancy, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intrauterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 vs. 56 years, p = 0.001), were more likely obese (body mass index 32 vs. 29 kg/m2, p = 0.004), and had a history of hypertension (56% vs 36%, p = 0.002), but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables versus women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n = 185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs. 2.76, p = 0.016) versus those without APO. Conclusions: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. Whether common pathways involving diffuse microvascular dysfunction may account for this suggested association remains unclear. Further investigation is needed to expand on these exploratory findings.
Severe Maternal Morbidity among a Cohort of Post-9/11 Women Veterans; Background: Maternal morbidity and mortality are key indicators of women's health status and quality of care. Maternal morbidity and mortality are high and rising in the United States. There has been no evaluation of severe maternal morbidity and mortality among veteran women, although population characteristics suggest that they may be at risk. This study aimed to evaluate a surveillance methodology at the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and describe the characteristics of women veterans who experienced severe maternal morbidity events. Materials and Methods: The study sample derived from a national sample of Operation Enduring Freedom/Operation Iraqi Freedom/Operation New Dawn veterans who were enrolled for care at the VA. The surveillance methodology followed a recommended process of case identification and chart review following a standardized guide. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) International Classification of Diseases codes for maternal morbidity were applied to billing, inpatient, and outpatient data for 9,829 pregnancies among 91,061 veteran women between January 1, 2014 and December 31, 2016. Descriptive statistics is reported. Results: One hundred twenty-seven pregnancies with severe maternal morbidity events were identified, 66 of which were confirmed after chart review. The positive predictive value of CDC indicators to identify cases was 0.52. High rates of mental health problems, obesity, rurality, maternal conditions, and racial discrepancies were noted among veterans who experienced severe maternal morbidity events. Conclusions: Severe maternal morbidity affects a significant number of veteran women. Systematic reporting of pregnancy outcomes and a multidisciplinary review committee would improve surveillance and case management at the VA. The VA is uniquely positioned to develop innovative comanagement strategies, especially in the area of perinatal mental health.
Association of Hemoglobin A1c with Early Postpartum Metabolic Syndrome in Women with Gestational Diabetes; Background: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS), an important risk factor for development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Elevated hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) is associated with MetS outside of pregnancy and may enhance detection of MetS. It is not known whether HbA1c is associated with MetS in the early postpartum period in women with recent GDM. Objective: We aimed to characterize the prevalence of MetS 4-12 weeks postpartum in women with recent GDM and to determine whether there was an association between HbA1c and MetS. Methods: Women with GDM as defined by Carpenter- Coustan criteria or clinician diagnosis were enrolled into the Balance After Baby Intervention trial of a web-based intervention to prevent T2DM. They underwent a baseline study visit at 4-12 weeks postpartum. Waist circumference and blood pressure were obtained and a fasting lipid panel, HbA1c and a 75-g, 2 hr OGTT was performed. We defined MetS by NCEP ATP III criteria. We fit a logistic regression model adjusted for age, race/ethnicity, and number of weeks postpartum. Results: 181 women with GDM were enrolled in the study. Three women were excluded because they did not have fasting lipid measurements. Women were a mean of 8.0 ± 1.8 weeks postpartum at their baseline study visit. 24.2% (n=43) of women had MetS (at least 3 of 5 NCEP ATP III criteria). Of these, 77% met the waist circumference criterion, 37.6% met the HDL criterion, 23.6% met the triglycerides criterion, 16.9% met the fasting glucose criterion and 14.6% met the blood pressure criterion. HbA1c as a continuous variable was not significantly associated with MS (OR for each 0.5% increase: 1.60, 95% CI 0.88-2.91). Elevated HbA1c (prediabetes range ≥5.7 to <6.5%) was also not associated with MetS (OR 0.98, 95% CI 0.46-2.12). A 2 hr blood glucose value of ≥140 mg/dL on OGTT testing was significantly associated with MetS (OR 5.28, 95% CI 2.11-13.22). Conclusion: Nearly 1 in 4 women with recent GDM had MetS in the early postpartum period. There was no significant association between HbA1c and presence of MetS. However, an elevated 2 hr value on OGTT was significantly associated with MetS, suggesting that women with elevated 2 hr values may require additional monitoring for MetS and may have elevated cardiometabolic risk beyond the risk of development of T2DM.
Difference in Risk Factors Between Adults with Early Onset (<40 Years Old) Versus Late Onset (≥40 Years Old) Diabetes Mellitus Type 2 at the University of Santo Tomas Hospital from January 2015-December 2017; INTRODUCTION: Diabetes will remain a threat to global health. The global burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus is significant and rising, with most of the increase occurring in the last two decades. While most of the rise in the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes mellitus occurs in the middle-aged and the elderly, it is becoming more common in younger patients. No longer just a disorder of mature age, there is now a well-recognized trend toward younger people presenting with the disease. METHODS: This was a cross sectional study of medical records of adult patients at the University of Santo Tomas Hospital who met the inclusion criteria from January 2015 to December 2017. The subjects were divided into early onset (<40 years of age) and the late onset (≥40 years of age) group. Mean, standard deviation, counts and percentages were used to summarize data. The mean values of continuous variables between the two groups were analyzed using the independent sample t-test while categorical variables were analyzed using Chi square test. Logistic regression analysis was used to determine the association of age of onset and duration of diabetes to its complications. RESULTS: The mean age for the early onset group was 34 years old, while that of the late onset group was 51 years old. No gender predilection was observed in both groups. The subjects of the early onset group were mostly obese as compared to the late onset group who were mostly overweight. Both groups were mostly smokers, and had a positive family history with an almost equal proportion of females having a history of gestational diabetes. The early onset group had higher hba1c and worse lipid profiles upon diagnosis. The most common comorbid illnesses observed in both groups include hypertension, dyslipidemia, fatty liver and metabolic syndrome. In terms of macrovascular complications, the frequency of myocardial infarction was higher in the late onset group. For the microvascular complications, the proportion of retinopathy was higher in the early onset group while the frequency of neuropathy was higher in the late onset group. Lastly, for both groups, the duration of diabetes was associated with microvascular complications such that for every year increase in the duration of diabetes, patients were more likely to develop retinopathy and neuropathy. CONCLUSION: The mean age of Filipinos with early onset diabetes were at least 5 years younger as compared to Caucasians. Moreover, they were more obese, had worse lipid profiles and higher Hba1C levels. Among the macrovascular and microvascular complications, a higher proportion of the late onset group had peripheral neuropathy and had history of myocardial infarction while retinopathy was more prevalent in the early onset group. Lastly, for every year increase in the duration of diabetes, patients were more likely to develop retinopathy and neuropathy.
A Diagnostic Headache in a Pregnant Woman with Diabetes Insipidus: Blame the Placenta or the Pituitary?; Background Diabetes insipidus (DI) occurs in 1/30,000 pregnancies and can be difficult to recognize due to normal peripartum physiology. The most common etiology is excess production of placental vasopressinase, which degrades maternal anti-diuretic hormone. Although rare, hypothalamic and pituitary disorders must also be considered in pregnant patients presenting with DI. We present the case of a pregnant woman presenting with diabetes insipidus and pituitary apoplexy. Clinical case We were called to see a 33 year old female with polyuria and polydipsia on post-partum day #2. She had presented to the ED at 29.4 weeks of her 5th pregnancy (G5P4) with an unrelenting headache, nausea, and vomiting for 12 hours. She was tachycardic, hypertensive, and had no focal neurologic deficits. Fetal evaluation was reassuring. Admission labs included serum sodium of 147 mEq/L (n 136-145), serum potassium 2.8 mEq/L (n 3.4-4.4), and urine specific gravity of 1.003 (n 1.005-1.030). Glycemic parameters, renal function, and hepatic function were normal. She remained tachycardic despite vigorous IV fluid administration. Overnight into hospital day #3 she began to have uterine contractions with fetal decelerations, and betamethasone was given. It was noted that she had produced 8L of urine over the preceding 24 hours. Serum sodium was 159 mEq/L with urine osmolality of 78 mOsmol/kg (n 300-900). A presumptive diagnosis of gestational DI was made and 2 mcg of subcutaneous DDAVP was given. Shortly thereafter she delivered a healthy infant. Maternal blood loss was minimal. Over the next 12 hours her urine became concentrated and her serum sodium decreased, but by the next morning she re-developed dilute polyuria. At the time of our evaluation, her headache had resolved and she had no focal neurologic deficits. She had no apparent signs of glucocorticoid or thyroxine deficiency but had not begun to lactate. Biochemical evaluation included early morning cortisol of 4.6 ug/dL (n 3.5-18.3), TSH 0.46 uIU/mL (n 0.35-4.94), free T4 0.76 ng/dL (n 0.70-1.48), and prolactin 26.6 ng/mL (n 5.2-26.5). Pituitary MRI showed a mildly enlarged gland with central T1 hyperintensity, consistent with apoplexy. A regimen of hydrocortisone and DDAVP was initiated. Conclusion Pituitary apoplexy is uncommon during pregnancy but is potentially life-threatening for the mother and fetus if it goes unrecognized. The significant physiologic growth of the pituitary during pregnancy may increase the risk of apoplexy. A severe headache is the most common symptom and may be accompanied by signs of pituitary dysfunction. Although diabetes insipidus is more often caused by placental physiology, pituitary apoplexy must also be considered in a pregnant woman who has concurrent neurologic symptoms.
Vitamin D and Its Relation to Type II Diabetes Control and Complications; Vitamin D and its Relation to Type II Diabetes Control and Complications Background: Type II diabetes (T2D) prevalence in Saudi Arabia is among the highest in the MENA region according to the recent International Diabetes Federation published statistics. Recent study suggested that around 54% of the screened T2D patients have vitamin D deficiency. Our aim is to assess the prevalence of vitamin D deficiency and its relation to glycemic control and T2D related complications. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study at the Diabetes Center, Taif, Saudi Arabia for T2D patients whom age > 18 years and were seen in the clinic between Aug2015-Jan2017 and agreed to participate. We excluded those with gestational diabetes and type I diabetes. Baseline characteristics and measurement were obtained by the participated physician. Laboratory data was collected from the patient's EMR. We considered those whom have vitamin D level below 30 (ng/ ml) to be deficient. Result: A total of 228 patients with a mean age of 59.1 + 12.5 years, diabetes duration of 10.6 + 8.8 years, BMI of 33.4 + 6.2 kg/ m2, heart rate 81.6 + 12.5, systolic BP 130.8 + 19.6, diastolic BP 75.4 + 9.9, fasting glucose 9.4 + 9.5 mmol/l, HbA1c 8.0 + 2.1%, vitamin D 23.2 + 12.3 ng/ml, serum creatinine 73.8 + 22.2, total cholesterol 4.5 + 1.1, LDL 2.7 + 0.9, triglyceride 1.6 + 0.8. 76.3% of the screened patients had vitamin D deficiency. Compared to those with vitamin D deficiency, those with normal vitamin D level less likely to have hypertension (P 0.521), to be male (P 0.028), to have microalbuminuria (P 0.331), and to be diagnosed with neuropathy and retinopathy (P 0.431 and 0.185 respectively). Also those with normal vitamin D were older (P 0.537),has shorter T2D duration (P 0.231), higher BMI (P 0.097), lower pulse rate (P 0.127), lower SBP (P 0.228), higher DBP (P 0.275), lower HbA1c (P 0.027), lower FBG (P 0.093), lower serum creatinine (P 0.039), and lower total cholesterol and LDL (P 0.497 and 0.404 respectively) when compared to those with vitamin D deficiency. Adjusting for age, gender, diabetes duration, BMI, SBP, DBP, vitamin D supplements and dosage, there was nonsignificant correlation between HbA1c and vitamin D level. Conclusion: Vitamin D deficiency is highly prevalent among our sample of T2D patients. In the non-adjusted modules, vitamin D deficiency were non-significantly associated with more microvascular complications and worse measured cardiovascular markers. Also, T2D patients with vitamin D deficiency had significantly higher HbA1c which were nonsignificant when adjusted for related variables.
Clinical features of the late-onset mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes; Objective: To summarize the clinical, pathological and genetic features of 10 patients with late-onset mitochondrial encephalomyopathy with lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (MELAS). Methods and Results: The clinical data of 10 patients with late-onset MELAS were retrospectively analyzed from January 2007 to December 2018. Muscle biopsy was performed in 8 cases. Polymerase chain reaction-fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) analysis and whole sequencing of mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) were used to screen mtDNA mutations, and the mutation load of m.3243A > G in blood was detected by pyrophosphate sequencing. The onset age of the first stroke-like episodes were 40-67 years old in all patients. The main manifestations included epilepsy, aphasia, headache, dementia, mental disorder, limb paralysis and visual impairment. Past history revealed 5 cases with diabetes mellitus, 6 with deafness, 3 with hypertension and 2 with stroke. Six patients had a family history of maternally inherited diabetic mellitus, and 2 had a family history of MELAS. Laboratory examination revealed 6 cases with hyperlipidemia, 6 with carotid atherosclerosis, 1 with stenosis of right internal carotid artery and middle cerebral artery. Brain MRI showed cortex lesions involving one or more lobes in all patients, and 4 cases also had multiple infarctions in brainstem and basal ganglia. Muscle biopsy demonstrated ragged red fiber (RRF) and strongly succinate dehydrogenase-stained vessels (SSVs) in all of 8 patients except one. Genetic analysis identified 9 cases with m.3243A > G, and 1 with m.10191T > C mutation. The blood mutation load of m.3243A > G was 9%-33% in 7 cases. Conclusions: The clinical phenotype of patients with late-onset MELAS was not significantly different from that of typical patients. However, the age of onset in late-onset MELAS was late, and it could be complicated with a variety of cerebrovascular risk factors and atherosclerosis. The hotspot mutation of this group of late-onset MELAS patients was m.3243A > G, but the mutation rate in blood was low.
ASSOCIATION OF POSTTRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER WITH ISCHEMIC HEART DISEASE IN WOMEN VETERANS; Background Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with ischemic heart disease (IHD) in men. Despite sex differences in the prevalence and pathophysiology of PTSD and IHD, research on this association in women is limited. The goal of this study was to evaluate the association of PTSD with IHD in women veterans. Methods This cross-sectional study used data from the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) nationwide corporate data warehouse to identify women veterans visiting any of the VA medical centers between fiscal year (FY) 2000 and FY2017. International Classification of Disease codes were used to identify patients with PTSD and IHD (coronary artery disease, unstable angina, myocardial infarction). After comparison of unadjusted data, serial adjustments were made to account for age, traditional IHD risk factors, obesity and chronic kidney disease (CKD), female specific risk factors (gestational diabetes and hypertension, placental syndromes) and psychiatric disorders, alcohol and illicit drug dependence. Results Between FY2000 to FY2017, 835,197 women veterans with an average age of 50.4 years visited the VA. 151,144 (18.1%) had PTSD and 684,053 (81.9%) did not have PTSD. Women with PTSD had increased hazard ratio (HR) for IHD (1.20, p %<0.0001). This increased hazard ratio remained significant after adjustment for age (1.95, p%<0.0001), IHD risk factors (1.59, p %<0.0001), obesity and CKD (1.48, p%<0.0001), female specific risk factors (1.48 p %<0.0001) and psychiatric, alcohol and illicit drug dependence (1.21 p%<0.0001). Conclusion In this largest study of association of PTSD with IHD ever conducted, after adjustment for age, IHD risk factors, obesity, CKD, psychiatric disorders, alcohol and illicit drug dependence, PTSD was associated with significantly increased risk of IHD in women veteran. Given the growing number of women veterans, these findings can have practice implications for early and routine IHD screening in this high-risk population.
SOCIOECONOMIC BARRIERS TO PRENATAL DIAGNOSIS OF CRITICAL CONGENITAL HEART DISEASE; Background Prenatal diagnosis of critical congenital heart disease (CCHD) can lead to safe delivery planning, as well as reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality. There is wide regional variation in the prenatal diagnosis rates of CCHD, and the reasons for this variation are poorly understood. Methods We analyzed the Medicaid Analytic eXtract (MAX) dataset from 2007-2012, including inpatient, outpatient, and pharmacy claims, as well as maternal ZIP code, race, and health conditions. Infants with CCHD were identified by searching both maternal and infant claims for ICD-9 codes and Procedural Coding System (PCS) codes for congenital heart disease within the first 6 months after delivery. Socioeconomic data and rural-urban characterization were obtained through the U.S. Census. State level, per-capita obstetrician and sonographer data were obtained through the National Bureau of Labor Statistics. Results The study included 4,793 mother-infant pairs. The prenatal diagnosis rate of CCHD increased steadily from 21.9% in 2007 to 35.3% in 2012. This temporal trend in prenatal diagnosis rate coincided with an increase in patients obtaining prenatal ultrasounds, from 69.7% in 2007 to 87.6% in 2012. Factors independently associated with odds of prenatal diagnosis of CCHD were presence of maternal diabetes (OR 2.055, P<0.001), ZIP-code-level median household income (OR 1.005, P=0.015), sonographers per capita (OR 1.804, P=0.047), year of delivery (OR 1.155, P<0.001), and a CCHD condition in which an echocardiographic view other than a 4 chamber or outflow tract view was necessary to obtain proper diagnosis (OR 0.383, P<0.001). Maternal race, rural/urban status, and obstetricians per capita were not independently associated with the likelihood of prenatal detection. Conclusion Mothers covered by Medicaid living in low-income ZIP codes and in states with fewer sonographers per capita have a lower odds of prenatal diagnosis of CCHD. Increasing access to obstetrical sonographers may increase the rate of prenatal diagnosis. Maternal diabetes is associated with a higher prenatal diagnosis rate, possibly because of guidelines recommending these women undergo routine fetal echocardiograms.
A DIAGNOSTIC CHALLENGE: PREGNANCY, CHEST PAIN, AND ZERO CALCIUM SCORE; Background Despite a low pre-test probability of coronary artery disease (CAD) in women of childbearing age, Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection (SCAD) remains the most common cause of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in the gravid patient. Case A 39 year old female G1P1, pregnancy complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, was diagnosed with peripartum dilated cardiomyopathy. Echocardiography revealed a newly reduced ejection fraction of 10%. Cardiac CT angiogram showed normal coronaries, and a calcium score of zero. She was started on neurohormonal blockade therapy, and discharged with a wearable cardioverter defibrillator. Two days after initial presentation, while visiting her pre-term newborn, the patient experienced chest pain, and was found to have markedly elevated cardiac biomarkers. Decision-making Given the constellation of high-risk features for SCAD, and despite prior normal coronary anatomy, the patient was referred for urgent cardiac catheterization. Coronary angiography revealed a LCx-LPL type 1 SCAD. She was admitted to the CCU for conservative medical management with continued anticoagulation, dual antiplatelet therapy, and neurohumoral blockade. She was discharged after cardiac optimization, with a wearable defibrillator. Conclusion SCAD in pregnancy occurs most frequently in the first month post-partum. A low threshold of suspicion for SCAD in this patient population is key to avert misdiagnosis, regardless of a seemingly low phenotypic probability of CAD, or even prior normal noninvasive imaging. Standard management for ACS should be started, and immediate referral for percutaneous coronary intervention should be made.
FREQUENCY: VERY LOW YIELD OF FETAL ECHOCARDIOGRAPHY IN HIGH-RISK PREGNANCIES WITH A NORMAL OBSTETRICAL SECOND-TRIMESTER ULTRASOUND; Background Current guidelines recommend a fetal echocardiogram (FE) for pregnancies at increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) despite a normal 2nd-trimester obstetrical ultrasound (U/S). Previous studies suggested that such practices may not improve overall CHD detection rates, while being resource-intensive. We aim to evaluate the number needed to test (NNT) to detect CHD requiring cardiac surgery less than 1 year of life by FE in high-risk pregnancies with a normal 2nd-trimester U/S in a population-based cohort of mother-infant dyads. Methods This is a multicentre population-based cohort of all pregnancies receiving a FE in Quebec between 2007 and 2015. Mother-infant dyads were followed from the first FE up to 2 years after birth. We calculated the NNT of FE to detect CHD requiring cardiac surgery less than 1 year of life, or leading to a medical termination of pregnancy, according to the indication for performing the FE. Results A total of 17,122 mother-infant dyads were included and 288 CHD requiring surgery were identified. Of the 7,907 FE (46%) performed for a family history of CHD, maternal diabetes, increased nuchal translucency (NT) and medication, only 16 (0.2%) identified CHD requiring surgery. While a suspicion of CHD on U/S identified 75% of CHD (NNT=11), we found very poor yield for indications of FE without cardiac anomaly at the 2nd-trimester, such as family history (NNT=494), maternal diabetes (NNT=380), increased NT (NNT=572) and medication (NNT=∞). Conclusion Our results show that performing FE on high-risk pregnancies with a normal cardiac anatomy at the 2nd-trimester U/S has a very low yield to detect CHD requiring cardiac surgery. Considering that close to 50% of FE were done for high-risk pregnancies with a normal 2nd-trimester U/S and that the vast majority of significant CHD were identified at the 2nd trimester U/S, it may be necessary to re-evaluate the threshold of referral for a FE in the context of a normal obstetrical U/S.
First trimester PAPP-A serum levels and long-term metabolic outcome of mothers and their offspring; Low maternal serum levels of pregnancy associated plasma protein A (PAPP-A) are known to be associated with the development of pregnancy-related complications like small for gestational age infants, intrauterine fetal demise, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The study aims to find possible long-term correlations with the development of metabolic and cardiovascular complications in the mothers and their progeny in later life. This is a retrospective cohort study conducted on consecutive unselected women screened for chromosomal anomalies in the first trimester of pregnancy between 2004 and 2010. PAPP-A values as well as clinical data collected at childbirth were considered. A maternal and neonatal follow-up was performed through a telephone interview with the mother during 2015. The body-mass-index and the presence of cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidaemia and diabetes mellitus were evaluated. The analysis included 988 patients. The median time of follow-up was 7 years (IQR 6-9). Lower first trimester maternal blood PAPP-A quartiles were associated with small stature of the offspring (z-score 1st-2nd quartile 0.37 IQR -0.42 and 1.17 vs 3rd-4th quartile 0.67 IQR -0.17 and 1.36, p < 0.05). Furthermore, low first trimester PAPP-A in pregnancy without other gestations following the index one, in Kaplan-Meier analysis was associated to a significant increase of hypoglycemic agents use at 7 and 10 years (respectively 1.12% CI.95 0-2.38% and 5.45% CI.95 0-10.82%) compared to the control group of high first trimester PAPP-A values (0% CI.95 0-0%) (p < 0.05). Low PAPP-A serum levels in the first trimester of pregnancy are associated with short stature in offspring and de-novo development of maternal diabetes mellitus in later life.
Cardiometabolic Risk Factors in Pregnancy and Implications for Long-Term Health: Identifying the Research Priorities for Low-Resource Settings; Cardiometabolic disorders (CMDs), including ischemic heart disease, stroke and type 2 diabetes are the leading causes of mortality and morbidity in women worldwide. The burden of CMDs falls disproportionately on low and middle-income countries (LMICs), placing substantial demands on already pressured health systems. Cardiometabolic disorders may present up to a decade earlier in some LMIC settings, and are associated with high-case fatality rates. Early identification and ongoing postpartum follow-up of women with pregnancy complications such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may offer opportunities for prevention, or help delay onset of CMDs. This mini-review paper presents an overview of the key challenges faced in the early identification, referral and management of pregnant women at increased risk of CMDs, in low-resource settings worldwide. Evidence-based strategies, including novel diagnostics, technology and innovations for early detection, screening and management for pregnant women at high-risk of CMDs are presented. The review highlights the key research priorities for addressing cardiometabolic risk in pregnancy in low-resource settings.
Association between uterine contractions before elective caesarean section and transient tachypnoea of the newborn: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: We evaluated the association between the presence of predelivery uterine contractions and transient tachypnoea of the newborn (TTN) in women undergoing an elective caesarean section. Design: A retrospective cohort study. Setting: National Hospital Organization Kofu National Hospital, which is a community hospital, between January 2011 and May 2019. Participants: The study included 464 women who underwent elective caesarean section. The exclusion criteria were missing data, twin pregnancy, neonatal asphyxia, general anaesthesia and elective caesarean section before term. Primary and secondary outcome measures: Patients were grouped according to the presence or absence of uterine contractions on a 40-min cardiotocogram (CTG) performed within 6 hours before caesarean delivery. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the association between predelivery uterine contractions and TTN. Results: The incidence of TTN was 9.9% (46/464), and 38.4% (178/464) of patients had no uterine contraction. The absence of uterine contractions was significantly associated with an increased risk of TTN (adjusted OR 2.04; 95% CI 1.09 to 3.82) after controlling for gestational diabetes mellitus, small for gestational age, male sex and caesarean section at 37 weeks. Conclusions: Accurate risk stratification using a CTG could assist in the management of infants who are at risk of developing TTN.
Carbohydrate restriction in midlife is associated with higher risk of type 2 diabetes among Australian women: A cohort study; Background and aims: Low-carbohydrate diets (LCDs) are increasingly popular but may be nutritionally inadequate. We aimed to examine if carbohydrate restriction in midlife is associated with risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM), and if this association differs by previous gestational diabetes (GDM) diagnosis. Methods and results: Dietary intake was assessed for 9689 women from the Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health in 2001 (aged 50–55) and 2013 (aged 62–67) via validated food frequency questionnaires. Average long-term carbohydrate restriction was assessed using a low-carbohydrate diet score (highest quartile (Q4) indicating lowest proportion of energy from carbohydrates). Incidence of T2DM between 2001 and 2016 was self-reported at 3-yearly surveys. Log-binomial regression was used to estimate relative risks (RR) and 95% CIs. During 15 years of follow-up, 959 women (9.9%) developed T2DM. Carbohydrate restriction was associated with T2DM after adjustment for sociodemographic factors, history of GDM diagnosis and physical activity (Q4 vs Q1: RR 1.27 [95% CI 1.10, 1.48]), and this was attenuated when additionally adjusted for BMI (1.10 [0.95, 1.27]). Carbohydrate restriction was associated with lower consumption of fruit, cereals and high-fibre bread, and lower intakes of these food groups were associated with higher T2DM risk. Associations did not differ by history of GDM (P for interaction >0.15). Conclusion: Carbohydrate restriction was associated with higher T2DM incidence in middle-aged women, regardless of GDM history. Health professionals should advise women to avoid LCDs that are low in fruit and grains, and to consume a diet in line with current dietary recommendations.
The factors associated with mode of delivery in fetuses with congenital heart defects; Objective: It is not evident whether the mode of delivery (MOD) should be modified in pregnancies complicated by fetal congenital heart defects (CHDs). The question as to whether MOD of CHD infants has a significant impact on neonatal outcome remains elusive. The aim of this study was to evaluate factors associated with MOD and its impact on immediate neonatal outcomes in a cohort of late preterm or term fetuses with CHDs born in a tertiary center. Methods: This retrospective study comprised of singleton pregnancies with known fetal CHDs who delivered after 34 0/7 weeks of gestation over a 7-year period. Fetuses with chromosomal abnormality or stillbirths were excluded. Obstetric risk factors were classified as maternal medical, maternal surgical or fetal comorbidities. MOD was classified as elective cesarean delivery (CD) or attempted vaginal delivery (VD). The latter was further categorized as successful VD or intrapartum CD. The study population was stratified into four categories based on the severity of cardiac abnormalities diagnosed by fetal echocardiography. Immediate neonatal outcomes included Apgar scores and umbilical cord artery pH. Results: Of a total of 222 patients, 79.8% underwent attempted VD and 20.2% had elective CD. Of the attempted VD group, 80.2% had successful VD and 19.8% had intrapartum CD. The frequencies of maternal medical, maternal surgical and fetal comorbidities were higher in the elective CD group than in the attempted VD group and also were higher in the intrapartum CD group than in the successful VD group (p <.05 for all). Multivariate logistic regression models revealed that maternal surgical or fetal comorbidities increased the chance of elective CD and maternal medical or fetal comorbidities decreased the chance of successful VD. The severity of CHDs was not an independent factor that affected MOD. Elective or intrapartum CD did not improve immediate neonatal outcomes. Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that preexisting obstetric comorbidities were significant variables that affected the MOD in fetuses with CHD. Vaginal delivery should be attempted unless obstetric and medical contraindications accompany index pregnancy.
Pregnancy, pregnancy loss and the risk of diabetes in Chinese women: findings from the China Kadoorie Biobank; Pregnancy and pregnancy loss may be associated with increased risk of diabetes in later life. However, the evidence is inconsistent and sparse, especially among East Asians where reproductive patterns differ importantly from those in the West. We examined the associations of pregnancy and pregnancy loss (miscarriage, induced abortion, and still birth) with the risk of incident diabetes in later life among Chinese women. In 2004–2008, the nationwide China Kadoorie Biobank recruited 302 669 women aged 30–79 years from 10 (5 urban, 5 rural) diverse localities. During 9.2 years of follow-up, 7780 incident cases of diabetes were recorded among 273,383 women without prior diabetes and cardiovascular disease at baseline. Cox regression yielded multiple-adjusted hazard ratios (HRs) for the risk of diabetes associated with pregnancy and pregnancy loss. Overall, 99% of women had been pregnant, of whom 10%, 53%, and 6% reported having a history of miscarriage, induced abortion, and stillbirth, respectively. Among ever pregnant women, each additional pregnancy was associated with an adjusted HR of 1.04 (95% CI 1.03; 1.06) for diabetes. Compared with those without pregnancy loss, women with a history of pregnancy loss had an adjusted HR of 1.07 (1.02; 1.13) and the HRs increased with increasing number of pregnancy losses, irrespective of the number of livebirths; the adjusted HR was 1.03 (1.00; 1.05) for each additional pregnancy loss. The strength of the relationships differed marginally by type of pregnancy loss. Among Chinese women, a higher number of pregnancies and pregnancy losses were associated with a greater risk of diabetes.
A novel compound heterozygous mutation of SLC12A3 gene in a Chinese pedigree with Gitelman syndrome; Purpose: Gitelman syndrome (GS) is an autosomal recessive renal tubular disorder characterized by salt wasting and hypokalemia resulting from loss-of-function mutations in the solute carrier family 12A3 (SLC12A3) gene encoding the thiazide-sensitive NaCl cotransporter (NCC). Here, we investigated the clinical manifestations and genetic features of a Chinese pedigree with GS. Methods: Next-generation sequencing and Sanger sequencing analysis were performed to define and confirm the SLC12A3 gene mutations of the patient (proband II:1) and this pedigree. Clinical manifestations and biochemical parameters were collected and analyzed. Results: Genetic analysis of the SLC12A3 gene identified two novel mutations in the proband, heterozygous (c.2842delT) and heterozygous (c.1569_1586del) mutation, respectively. Additionally, heterozygous (c.2842delT) mutation in SLC12A3 gene was found in his father and younger brother. The other heterozygous (c.1569_1586del) mutation in SLC12A3 gene was carried by his mother. Conclusions: Two novel mutations may be related to the occurrence of the GS in the pedigree. However, additional studies are particularly required to explore the underlying molecular mechanisms.
Cardiac structure and function in youth with type 2 diabetes in the iCARE cohort study: Cross-sectional associations with prenatal exposure to diabetes and metabolomic profiles; Objective: This study aimed to determine the degree of left ventricular (LV) dysfunction and its determinants in adolescents with type 2 diabetes (T2D). We hypothesized that adolescents with T2D would display impaired LV diastolic function and that these cardiovascular complications would be exacerbated in youth exposed to maternal diabetes in utero. Methods: Left ventricular structure and function, carotid artery intima media thickness and strain, and serum metabolomic profiles were compared between adolescents with T2D (n = 121) and controls (n = 34). Sub-group analyses examined the role of exposure to maternal diabetes as a determinant of LV or carotid artery structure and function among adolescents with T2D. Results: Adolescents with T2D were 15.1 ± 2.5 years old, (65% female, 99% Indigenous), had lived with diabetes for 2.7 ± 2.2 years, had suboptimal glycemic control (HbA1c = 9.4 ± 2.6%) and 58% (n = 69) were exposed to diabetes in utero. Compared to controls, adolescents with T2D displayed lower LV diastolic filling (early diastole/atrial filling rate ratio [E/A] = 1.9 ± 0.6 vs 2.2 ± 0.6, P = 0.012), lower LV relaxation and carotid strain (0.12 ± 0.05 vs 0.17 ± 0.05, P =.03) and elevated levels of leucine, isoleucine and valine. Among adolescents with T2D, exposure to diabetes in utero was not associated with differences in LV diastolic filling, LV relaxation, carotid strain or branched chain amino acids. Conclusions: Adolescents with T2D display LV diastolic dysfunction, carotid artery stiffness, and elevated levels of select branch chain amino acids; differences were not associated with exposure to maternal diabetes in utero.
CircRNAs signature as potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarker for diabetes mellitus and related cardiovascular complications; Circular RNAs (circRNAs) belong to the ever-growing class of naturally occurring noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) molecules. Unlike linear RNA, circRNAs are covalently closed transcripts mostly generated from precursor-mRNA by a non-canonical event called back-splicing. They are highly stable, evolutionarily conserved, and widely distributed in eukaryotes. Some circRNAs are believed to fulfill a variety of functions inside the cell mainly by acting as microRNAs (miRNAs) or RNA-binding proteins (RBPs) sponges. Furthermore, mounting evidence suggests that the misregulation of circRNAs is among the first alterations in various metabolic disorders including obesity, hypertension, and cardiovascular diseases. More recent research has revealed that circRNAs also play a substantial role in the pathogenesis of diabetes mellitus (DM) and related vascular complications. These findings have added a new layer of complexity to our understanding of DM and underscored the need to reexamine the molecular pathways that lead to this disorder in the context of epigenetics and circRNA regulatory mechanisms. Here, I review current knowledge about circRNAs dysregulation in diabetes and describe their potential role as innovative biomarkers to predict diabetes-related cardiovascular (CV) events. Finally, I discuss some of the actual limitations to the promise of these RNA transcripts as emerging therapeutics and provide recommendations for future research on circRNA-based medicine.
Exosomes could offer new options to combat the long-term complications inflicted by gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a complex clinical condition that promotes pelvic floor myopathy, thus predisposing sufferers to urinary incontinence (UI). GDM usually regresses after birth. Nonetheless, a GDM history is associated with higher risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and UI. Some aspects of the pathophysiology of GDM remain unclear and the associated pathologies (outcomes) are poorly addressed, simultaneously raising public health costs and diminishing women’s quality of life. Exosomes are small extracellular vesicles produced and actively secreted by cells as part of their intercellular communication system. Exosomes are heterogenous in their cargo and depending on the cell sources and environment, they can mediate both pathogenetic and therapeutic functions. With the advancement in knowledge of exosomes, new perspectives have emerged to support the mechanistic understanding, prediction/diagnosis and ultimately, treatment of the post-GMD outcomes. Here, we will review recent advances in knowledge of the role of exosomes in GDM and related areas and discuss the possibilities for translating exosomes as therapeutic agents in the GDM clinical setting.
A case of co-infection: First reported case of severe Plasmodium knowlesi malaria and dengue co-infection in sabah, Malaysia; We report a rare case of severe Plasmodium knowlesi malaria and dengue co-infection in a 36-year-old lady with hyperparasitaemia, metabolic acidosis, haemolysis and acute kidney injury. She was in shock requiring inotropic support and elective intubation. She had pericardial tamponade which necessitate pericardiocentesis to allow for haemodynamic stability during haemodialysis. She underwent haemodialysis, was ventilated for six days and stayed in hospital for 29 days. She was discharged home well with almost complete renal recovery. Physicians must have a high degree of suspicion for dengue co-infection in malaria patients with plasma leakage such as pericardial effusion to allow for prompt management.
Stress-Triggered Graves’ Disease with Multiple Exacerbations in a Pregnant Woman with High Levels of Thyrotropin Receptor Antibodies and No Complicated Delivery: a Case Report; Graves’ disease (GD) is an autoimmune thyroid disease in which stimulation by thyrotropin-receptor antibodies (TRAb) causes thyroid enlargement and hyperfunction. GD is an uncommon condition during gestation, as it occurs in about 0.2% of pregnant women. The typical GD course during gestation is characterized by a progressive reduction of TRAb levels, with associated clinical improvement, but subsequent recurrence after delivery. Instead, gestational GD requires close monitoring, because if inadequately controlled with maternal TRAb levels remaining elevated, it is associated with adverse maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes. We describe the case of a 39-year-old woman, who was diagnosed with stress-triggered GD at 1st trimester of her pregnancy. At diagnosis, TRAb levels were very high (30.4 U/L, normal values < 1.5). Five weeks after antithyroid drug (ATD) was started, hyperthyroidism returned, coinciding with an increase of TRAb levels (> 40 U/L). Three additional exacerbations of hyperthyroidism occurred at weeks 28 (TRAb > 40 U/L), 32 (TRAb 36.4 U/L), and 36 (TRAb 26.2 U/L), despite close biochemical monitoring and adjustments of ATD. An uncomplicated spontaneous delivery of a healthy boy occurred at week 37. The neonate had normal weight, length, Apgar score, and was euthyroid (TSH 1.9 mIU/mL). He remained healthy and euthyroid at the last evaluation (9 months of age). This case is unusual because of several exacerbations of GD hyperthyroidism while on ATD during gestation, due to persistently high TRAb levels. Nevertheless, thanks to close maternal and fetal monitoring, neither maternal nor fetal complication occurred.
Assessing Pregnancy, Gestational Complications, and Co-morbidities in Women With Congenital Heart Defects (Data from ICD-9-CM Codes in 3 US Surveillance Sites); Improved treatment of congenital heart defects (CHDs) has resulted in women with CHDs living to childbearing age. However, no US population-based systems exist to estimate pregnancy frequency or complications among women with CHDs. Cases were identified in multiple data sources from 3 surveillance sites: Emory University (EU) whose catchment area included 5 metropolitan Atlanta counties; Massachusetts Department of Public Health (MA) whose catchment area was statewide; and New York State Department of Health (NY) whose catchment area included 11 counties. Cases were categorized into one of 5 mutually exclusive CHD severity groups collapsed to severe versus not severe; specific ICD-9-CM codes were used to capture pregnancy, gestational complications, and nongestational co-morbidities in women, age 11 to 50 years, with a CHD-related ICD-9-CM code. Pregnancy, CHD severity, demographics, gestational complications, co-morbidities, and insurance status were evaluated. ICD-9-CM codes identified 26,655 women with CHDs, of whom 5,672 (21.3%, range: 12.8% in NY to 22.5% in MA) had codes indicating a pregnancy. Over 3 years, age-adjusted proportion pregnancy rates among women with severe CHDs ranged from 10.0% to 24.6%, and 14.2% to 21.7% for women with nonsevere CHDs. Pregnant women with CHDs of any severity, compared with nonpregnant women with CHDs, reported more noncardiovascular co-morbidities. Insurance type varied by site and pregnancy status. These US population-based, multisite estimates of pregnancy among women with CHD indicate a substantial number of women with CHDs may be experiencing pregnancy and complications. In conclusion, given the growing adult population with CHDs, reproductive health of women with CHD is an important public health issue.
Gynecologic and reproductive health in patients with pathogenic germline variants in DICER1; Objective: Germline pathogenic variation in DICER1 underlies a tumor-predisposition disorder with increased risk for cervical embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma and ovarian sex-cord stromal tumors, particularly Sertoli-Leydig cell tumors. The gynecologic and reproductive health of these females has not yet been described. Methods: All female subjects recruited from November 2011 to July 2018 participating in an epidemiologic study of families with pathogenic DICER1 germline variation were included in this cross-sectional analysis. Participant evaluation included obstetric-gynecologic history, physical examination, hormone testing, pelvic ultrasound and record review. Results: Of 64 females aged 2–72 years, fifteen underwent treatment for pleuropulmonary blastoma as children and three were treated for cervical embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma. Of nine patients reporting a history of ovarian tumors, all presented with virilization or amenorrhea; eight occurred in adolescence. Post-pubertal females with no history of ovarian tumors experienced normal pubertal development, reported regular menstrual cycles, were fertile and underwent natural menopause at median age of 52 years. Thirty-two of 33 women who tried to conceive successfully delivered liveborn children. Of these 32, 10 experienced pregnancy-related thyroid enlargement resulting in thyroidectomy within one year of pregnancy; nine others had undergone pre-pregnancy thyroidectomy. Conclusion: In these DICER1-carrier females, DICER1-related gynecological tumors occurred during childhood or adolescence in some after which women generally experienced healthy reproductive lives. Individual education and screening for these tumors is warranted. The high rate of DICER1-related multinodular goiter resulting in pre- and post-pregnancy thyroidectomy underscores the importance of thyroid monitoring during pregnancy to ensure maternal and fetal wellbeing.
Endothelial Vascular Function as a Surrogate of Vascular Risk and Aging in Women; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women. We suggest the need to develop a paradigm that connects sex- and age-specific nontraditional risk factors that serve as a common mechanism ultimately leading to an increased risk of cardiovascular events. Vascular injury with abnormal repair leading to functional, rather than structural, abnormalities can be regarded as accelerated vascular aging. It emerges as a common feature that can trigger the early diagnosis and risk stratification for cardiovascular disease in women. We discuss sex-specific risk factors that can contribute to vascular injury with age, and these might not always be considered by cardiovascular physicians. It is important for the primary physician to be aware of these risk factors to enable more intensified management of this at-risk population. Novel technologies that allow the assessment of vascular function noninvasively can serve as key diagnostic and therapeutic tools with which we can identify such individuals and target therapy to manage this important patient population appropriately and effectively. We hope that this article will stimulate interest in this field and encourage further research in these important areas.
The Impact of Gestational Weight Gain on Subclinical Atherosclerosis, Placental Circulation and Neonatal Complications; Objective: Vascular atherosclerotic changes, mediated by environmental and genetic factors, develop years before an event. Detection of vascular damage, using ultrasonographic measurement of carotid IMT, is predictive of future cardiovascular events. The present study was designed to investigate the impact of gestational weight gain (GWG) on early atherosclerotic changes during late pregnancy, using intima media thickness (IMT), as well as placental vascular circulation and inflammatory lesions and pregnancy outcome. Design and methods: 59 women who gave birth at Wolfson Medical Center during 2018 were divided into two groups according weight gain during pregnancy: Group 1 included 32 women with pregnancy weight gain within recommended range, Group 2 included 27 wonen with exessive weight gain during pregnancy. IMT was measured by High-resolution B-mode ultrasound (Sonosite Titan/Sonosite, Inc., Bothell, Washington, USA). Placental histology was performed for vascular circulation, as well as inflammatory lesions of maternal and fetal origin. Metabolic measures such as fasting glucoe, lipids, hs-CRP, HOMA-IR were determined. Maternal and neonatal outcome parameters were collected. Results: Weight gain during the pregnancy was significantly higher in Group 1, compared to Group 2 (17.5+/-6.2 vs 6.8+/-5.7, p<0.0001), whereas pre-gestational BMI did not differ significantly between groups (p=0.059). IMT levels differed between groups and was significantly higher in group 1 compared to Group 2 (0.7+/-0.1 vs 0.6+/-0/1, p=0.028). In regression analisys, pregnancy weight gain remained a significant independent predictor of IMT. Rate of macrosomia was significantly higher in Group 1 than in Group 2 (p=0.014). Maternal vascular supply (MVS) abnormalities of the placental bed did not differ significantly between groups (p=0.297). Among placental lesions related to fetal vascular malperfusion, villous changes consistent with fetal thrombo-occlusive disease (FTOD) were significantly higher in Group 1 than in group 2 (p=0.034). Conclusion: In the present study, excessive weight gain during pregnancy was significantly and independently associated with an increased IMT. Among placental vascular lesions, villous changes consistent with fetal thrombo-occlusive disease (FTOD) were significantly higher women with excessive weight gain during pregnancy. Keywords: gestational weight gain; intima media thickness; fetal thrombo-occlusive disease Abbreviations: gestational weight gain (GWG) intima media thickness (IMT) fetal thrombo-occlusive disease (FTOD) Funding and Conflicts of Interest: None.
Dietary fiber and blueberry intervention lowers gestational weight gain and C-reactive protein in women at high risk for gestational diabetes; Background: The prevalence of GDM has been shown to be higher in specific ethnicities (e.g. Asian, Black and Hispanic origin vs. non-Hispanic whites), who also disproportionately carry the burden of obesity, low socioeconomic status, and nutritional disparities as prominent risks. Dietary bioactive compounds, such as polyphenols and fiber have been shown to play an important role in the management of diabetes, but there is a lack of studies in GDM. The objective of this randomized controlled trial was to examine the effects of a 20-week dietary intervention (blueberry +soluble fiber) vs. control (standard prenatal care) on gestational weight gain and cardio-metabolic parameters in high-risk Hispanic women with obesity and previous history of GDM. Women [n=25; BMI: 36.3±4.3 (means±SD] were recruited in early pregnancy (14±4 weeks gestation), and data were collected at baseline (< 20wk), 24-28wk and at 32-36wk gestation. Those in the intervention group were provided with frozen blueberries (2 cups/day) and soluble fiber (12g/day); both groups received nutrition education based on Dietary Guidelines for Americans. Results: The prevalence of GDM was observed as follows: one in the dietary intervention (n=12; 8%) and three in standard care group (n=13; 23%). Gestational weight gain and serum C-reactive protein was significantly lower in the dietary intervention vs. standard care (16.5&#177;9.2lb vs. 27.0&#177;11.3lb, respectively; 7.0&#177;3.1 mg/L vs. 17.0&#177;10.2 mg/L, respectively, mean&amp;#177;SD, all p<0.05). Conclusions: Dietary strategies that increase fiber and fruit intake may ameliorate excess gestational weight gain and subsequently reduce the risk of GDM in obese women with previous history of GDM. Keywords: Gestational diabetes, insulin resistance, inflammation, gestational weight gain Abbreviations: GDM: gestational diabetes; CRP: C-reactive protein Funding and Conflicts of Interest: The project described was supported by a grant from the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (GM103440).
Anti-diabetic drugs recent approaches and advancements; Diabetes is one of the major diseases worldwide and is the third leading cause of death in the United States. Anti-diabetic drugs are used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus to control glucose levels in the blood. Most of the drugs are administered orally, except for a few of them, such as insulin, exenatide, and pramlintide. In this review, we are going to discuss seven major types of anti-diabetic drugs: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) agonist, protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) inhibitors, aldose reductase inhibitors, α-glucosidase inhibitors, dipeptidyl peptidase IV (DPP-4) inhibitors, G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) agonists and sodium-glucose co-transporter (SGLT) inhibitors. Here, we are also discussing some of the recently reported anti-diabetic agents with its multi-target pharmacological actions. This review summarises recent approaches and advancement in anti-diabetes treatment concerning characteristics, structure‐activity relationships, functional mechanisms, expression regulation, and applications in medicine.
Perinatal outcomes and long-term offspring cardiovascular morbidity of women with congenital heart disease; Objective: Due to advances in medical care available for patients with congenital heart disease, these patients now have a longer life span. As a result, the number of pregnancies of mothers with congenital heart disease has increased. The purpose of the current study was to evaluate perinatal outcomes of women with congenital heart disease and to examine long-term cardiovascular morbidity of offspring to mothers with congenital heart disease. Materials and methods: A population-based cohort analysis was performed including all singleton deliveries occurring between years 1991–2014 at Soroka University Medical Center. The primary exposure was defined as maternal congenital heart disease. Short-term perinatal outcomes as well as long-term cardiovascular related hospitalizations of the offspring up to the age of 18 years were compared between women with and without congenital heart disease. To compare perinatal outcomes between the two study groups, we conducted a Generalized Estimation Equation (GEE) model accounting for maternal age and multiple occurrence in the cohort, parity, fertility treatment, smoking and induction of labor. To compare cumulative long-term cardiovascular morbidity, we compared cardiovascular hospitalization incidence of offspring of mothers with and without congenital heart disease using Kaplan-Meier survival curve and Weibull regression analysis to control for maternal age, diabetes, smoking, hypertension, birth weight, and cesarean delivery. Results: During the study period 243,313 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, of which 369 were of mothers with congenital heart disease. Maternal congenital heart disease was found to be an independent risk factor for low birth weight (adjusted OR = 1.5 CI 95 % 1.06–2.32, p=0.022) and cesarean delivery (adjusted OR = 1.4 CI 95 % 1.09–1.86, p = 0.008). Mothers with congenital heart disease also had higher risk for placental abruption, but it was not statistically significant (adjusted OR = 2.3 CI 95 % 0.87–6.16, p = 0.09). Long-term cardiovascular morbidity was comparable between the groups (Log rank p = 0.251; adjusted HR = 1.6 CI 95 % 0.62–4.42, p = 0.313). Conclusion: In conclusion, pregnancies of women with congenital heart disease are at an increased risk for adverse short-term perinatal outcomes, such as low birth weight and cesarean delivery. However, we did not find an increase in long-term cardiovascular morbidity among offspring of these women; still this association cannot be ruled out.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with peptic ulcer disease; Little is known about the impact of peptic ulcer disease (PUD) on pregnancy. Our objective was to evaluate the effect of PUD on pregnancy and newborn outcomes. A retrospective cohort study was carried out using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP)-National Inpatient Sample (NIS) from the United States. The cohort consisted of all births that took place from 1999 to 2015. PUD was classified on the basis of the International Classification of Diseases-Ninth Revision (ICD-9) coding. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the adjusted effect of PUD on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Of the 13,792,544 births in this cohort, 1005 were to women with PUD (7/100,000 births). Between 1999 and 2015, prevalence of PUD in pregnancy increased from 4/100,000 to 11/100,000, respectively. Women with PUD were more commonly older and more likely to have comorbid illnesses. Women with PUD were at greater risk of preeclampsia [odds ratio (OR) 2.11, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.67-2.66], preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM; OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.30-3.59), cesarean delivery (OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.40-1.82), venous thromboembolism (OR 3.77, 95% CI 2.08-6.85) and maternal death (OR 24.50, 95% CI 10.12-59.32). Births to women with PUD were at increased risk of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR; OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.11-2.14), preterm birth (OR 1.84, 95% CI 1.54-2.21), intrauterine fetal death (OR 2.18, 95% CI 1.35-3.52) and congenital anomalies (OR 2.69, 95% CI 1.59-4.56). The prevalence of PUD in pregnancy has risen over the last several years. PUD in pregnancy should be considered a high-risk condition associated with important adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Drug exposure during pregnancy and fetal cardiac function- A systematic review; The aim of this systematic review was to describe the effects of drug exposure during pregnancy on fetal cardiac function. We searched MEDLINE, Embase, Cochrane and SCOPUS for studies assessing fetal cardiac function in drug-exposed human pregnancies. Risk of bias was assessed by the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies of Interventions (ROBIN-I) tool. We included 32 studies on eight different drug groups. They included 51 outcome variables, which were all based on ultrasound techniques primarily assessing systolic function: Pulsed wave Doppler, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI), and B- A nd M-mode. Overall, the risk of bias was moderate. β2 agonists increased the systolic velocity in the ductus arteriosus and the fetal heart rate. β-blockers caused unchanged or decreased systolic velocity of the pulmonary trunk. Corticosteroids increased the velocity in the ductus arteriosus. Furthermore, in growth-restricted fetuses with an increased myocardial performance index (MPI′) on the right side, corticosteroids normalized this variable. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), but not acetylsalicylic acid, increased the flow velocities in the ductus arteriosus, decreased the shortening fraction and increased the end-diastolic ventricular diameters. Metformin and insulin normalized the diastolic strain and global longitudinal strain in diabetic pregnancies. Highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) exposure increased the E/A ratio on the right side, prolonged the isovolumic relaxation time (IRT) and ejection time, shortened the isovolumic contraction time (ICT), and decreased left myocardial systolic peak velocities. Chemotherapy did not cause detectable changes. Six of the eight drug groups caused detectable changes in fetal cardiac function. However, the evidence was hampered by only a few studies for some drugs.
Impact of diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy; Background: Pregnant women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) pose an important public health problem, because diabetes not only affects the maternal and the fetal outcome but the women suffering with DM, their fetuses are also at an increased risk of developing diabetes and related complications later in their life. Case description: A 28-year-old woman with the diagnosis of G3P1L1A1 with 32 weeks’ gestational age with previous vaginal delivery and known case of chronic T2DM and hypothyroidism since 4–5 years. On admission, she was having altered sensorium, breathlessness, and palpitations. She was in latent phase of labor. Fetal heart sound was not heard on Doppler. Ultrasonography (USG) revealed intrauterine death of fetus. Her investigation reports suggested severe diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA). She was managed in medicine intensive care unit (ICU) where her labor progressed spontaneously and delivered a male dead baby, weighing 1500 g. It was sent for autopsy. Patient had postpartum hemorrhage and managed medically. But medical management did not suffice for her and so decision of laparotomy was taken with the plan of obstetric hysterectomy. Objectives: We examined the precipitating factors, laboratory abnormalities, treatment strategies, and clinical recovery in pregnancies complicated by DKA. Conclusion: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Early screening, detection of complications, close monitoring, and intervention are essential to reduce maternal and fetal short-and long-term adverse effects, especially in high-risk pregnancies. Pregnancy provides an opportunity to clinician to control the disease process and inculcate healthy lifestyle practices in these patients.
SAT-200 INCREASED RISK OF LONG-TERM RENAL DISEASE IN WOMEN WHO DELIVER PRETERM INFANTS: A POPULATION-BASED COHORT STUDY; Introduction: Chronic kidney disease (CKD) is a major cause of global morbidity, with estimated prevalence of 7-12% among women. Preterm delivery is a common adverse pregnancy outcome, and an independent risk factor for maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about the association between preterm delivery and subsequent maternal renal function, and whether any association is independent of preeclampsia or intra-uterine growth restriction. We aimed to determine whether women who deliver preterm infants are at increased risk of CKD and end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Methods: Using data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, singleton live births from 1973-2012 were identified and linked to data from the Swedish Renal Register and National Patient Register (up to 2013). Women with pre-pregnancy renal disease, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension, systemic lupus erythematosus were excluded. Preterm delivery was the main exposure, and treated as a time-dependent variable. Primary outcomes were maternal CKD or ESRD. Cox regression was used for analysis, adjusting for maternal age, year of delivery, country of origin, parity, inter-pregnancy interval, smoking, BMI, gestational diabetes. Adjusted hazard ratios (aHR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated. Models were stratified by history of preeclampsia or small for gestational age (SGA) delivery. Results: The sample comprised 1,943,716 women with 3,760,429 live-births. Overall, 162,918 women (8.4%) delivered preterm. The mean (±SD) follow-up was 20.3 (±11.6) years. 18,001 women (0.9%) developed CKD, and 1,268 (0.07%) developed ESRD. Women with history of preterm delivery were at increased risk of CKD (aHR 1.46, 95% CI 1.39-1.53) and ESRD (aHR 2.52, 95% CI 2.17-2.93) compared with women who delivered at term (≥37 weeks). Women with history of extremely preterm delivery (<28 weeks) were at particularly high risk of CKD (aHR 1.94, 95% CI 1.60-2.34) and ESRD (aHR 3.99, 95 %CI 2.25-7.06). The risk of renal disease was greatest in women who experienced preterm delivery complicated by preeclampsia (vs. normal term deliveries, for CKD, aHR 2.81, 95% CI 2.46-3.20; for ESRD, aHR 6.70, 95% CI 4.70-9.76). However, spontaneous preterm delivery was also associated with significantly increased risk of CKD and ESRD independent of all other factors. Conclusions: Women who deliver preterm infants are at higher risk of CKD and ESRD, particularly those with very/extremely preterm deliveries. This association persists independently of preeclampsia or SGA. Preterm delivery warrants consideration as part of overall CKD risk prediction models. Women and clinicians should be informed of this heightened risk to plan for appropriate preventive interventions.
SAT-362 PREGNANCY OUTCOMES IN RENAL TRANSPLANT RECIPIENTS IN A SOUTH INDIAN CENTER OVER 20 YEARS; Introduction: Pregnancy in renal transplant recipients poses many challenges. There is paucity of data on the immunosuppressive protocols during pregnancy, maternal and foetal outcomes and long- term impact on graft survival. This study aimed at analysing pregnancy outcomes in renal transplant recipients. Methods: It was an observational, retrospective, cohort study including all women renal transplant recipients in the reproductive age group of 15-45 years, between years 1999 and 2019. Pregnancy outcomes in the form of live births, spontaneous abortions, medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) and intra-uterine death (IUD) were determined. Factors favouring successful pregnancy outcome and effect of pregnancy on graft function were analysed. Results: Out of a total of 1097 renal transplants, 201 women were in the child bearing age group. There were 14 pregnancies identified during a mean duration of follow up of 9.75 ± 4.34 years post-transplant. The mean dialysis vintage of this cohort was 5.57 ± 2.2 months. At the time of conception, all the women were on prednisolone, 12 patients (85.7%) were on azathioprine and four (28.5%) had changed from mycophenolate mofetil to azathioprine, 3.5 months before conception. The mean age at conception was 26.53 ± 2.64 years and the median time interval between transplant and conception was 5 [IQR: 3.12, 7.5] years. Maternal outcome as follows: Pre-ecclampsia was detected in 2 participants (14.2%), anaemia in 4 patients (28.5%) and none of the recipients had gestational diabetes. Post-partum complications - graft pyelonephritis, post-partum depression and varicella with breast abscess were noted in 1 participant each. Mean duration of breastfeeding was 7.25 ± 2.37 months and median time of resumption of menstrual cycles was 4 [IQR: 2.25, 5.75] months. Graft outcome: Acute graft rejection occurred in 1 patient and graft dysfunction in 5 (35.7%) during pregnancy or post-partum period. Difference between the pre-conception mean serum creatinine (1.18 ± 0.56 mg/dL) and post-delivery mean serum creatinine (1.27± 0.48 mg/dL) was statistically significant (p = 0.001). Pregnancy outcome: Nine women had live births (64.2%), out of whom 4 had caesarean section and the rest 5 of them had miscarriages (35.8%) with 2 spontaneous abortions, 2 MTP and 1 IUD. Foetal outcome as follows: Premature birth (<37 weeks of gestation) was seen in 7 newborns (77.7%) and the mean gestational age at birth was 35.22 ± 1.85 weeks. Six neonates (66.6%) were of low birth weight (< 2.5 kg) and the mean birth weight was 2.2 ± 0.32 kg. Perinatal survival rate was 100%. Univariate analysis revealed pre-conception serum creatinine and the change in serum creatinine level during pregnancy to be significant determinants of pregnancy outcome. After a median follow-up of 10 years, mean serum creatinine of good pregnancy outcome group was 1.26 ± 0.6 mg/dL and the median serum creatinine of poor pregnancy outcome group was 1.7 [IQR: 1.2, 1.7] mg/dL. Prevalence of hypertension and proteinuria were 35.7% and 42.8% respectively. [Formula presented] [Formula presented] [Formula presented] Conclusions: The live birth rate was 64.2% in our cohort of renal transplant recipient mothers. Risk factor for poor pregnancy outcome was baseline serum creatinine ≥ 1.4mg/dL in our study.
A mouse model of gestation-specific transient hyperglycemia for translational studies; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is estimated at 14% globally, and in some countries, such as Singapore, exceeds 20%. Both women and children exposed to GDM have an increased risk of later metabolic diseases, cardiovascular disease and other health issues. Beyond lifestyle changes and pharmaceutical intervention using existing type 2 diabetes medications for expecting women, there are limited treatment options for women with GDM; targeting better outcomes of potentially affected infants is unexplored. Numerous animal models have been generated for understanding of pathological processes of GDM development and for development of treatment strategies. These models, however, suffer from limited windows of opportunity to examine risk factors and potential intervention options. By combining short-term high-fat diet (HFD) feeding and low-dose streptozotocin (STZ) treatments before pregnancy, we have established a mouse model with marked transient gestation-specific hyperglycemia, which allows testing of nutritional and pharmacological interventions before, during and beyond pregnancy.
Synthetic Chemicals and Cardiometabolic Health Across the Life Course Among Vulnerable Populations: a Review of the Literature from 2018 to 2019; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Although vulnerable populations are disproportionately exposed to synthetic chemicals with endocrine disrupting properties, few recent reviews have summarized the impact of synthetic chemicals on cardiometabolic health among these groups. RECENT FINDINGS: Of 37 eligible epidemiological studies among vulnerable populations published between January 2018 and April 2019 in which over half were prospective, the most investigated populations were pregnant women and children. Racial/ethnic minorities, individuals of low socioeconomic status (SES), and those occupationally exposed were studied the least. The most studied persistent organic pollutants (POPs) were per-/poly-fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), and the most studied non-POPs were phenols. Across chemical classes, studies found certain POPs (e.g., PFAS) and non-POPs (i.e., phenols, phthalates, and parabens) to be associated with gestational diabetes and dysregulated glucose metabolism. Results for other cardiometabolic health outcomes were inconsistent but suggested certain chemicals may negatively affect cardiometabolic health. Synthetic chemicals likely adversely affect cardiometabolic health, but current findings were inconclusive. Few recent studies focused on racial/ethnic minorities, low SES, and occupationally exposed populations. To address poor cardiometabolic health and related disparities, more studies across vulnerable populations are warranted.
Increased Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes Associated With Stage 1 Hypertension in a Low-Risk Cohort: Evidence From 47 874 Cases; The recommendations for the diagnosis of stage 1 hypertension were recently revised by the American Heart Association primarily based on its impact on cardiovascular disease risks. Whether the newly diagnosed stage 1 hypertension impacts pregnancy complications remain poorly defined. We designed a retrospective cohort study to investigate the associations of stage 1 hypertension detected in early gestation (<20 weeks) with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes stratified by prepregnancy body mass index. A total of 47 874 women with singleton live births and blood pressure (BP) <140/90 mm Hg were included, with 5781 identified as stage 1a (systolic BP, 130-134 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 80-84 mm Hg; or both) and 3267 as stage 1b hypertension (systolic BP, 135-139 mm Hg; diastolic BP, 85-90 mm Hg; or both). Slightly higher, yet significant, rates and risks of gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and low birth weight (<2500 g) were observed in both groups compared with normotensive controls. Importantly, women with stage 1a and stage 1b hypertension had significantly increased incidences of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy compared with normotensive women (adjusted odds ratio, 2.34 [95% CI, 2.16-2.53]; 3.05 [2.78-3.34], respectively). After stratifying by body mass index, stage 1a and 1b hypertension were associated with increased hypertensive disorders in pregnancy risks in both normal weight (body mass index, 18.5-24.9; adjusted odds ratio, 2.44 [2.23-2.67]; 3.26 [2.93-3.63]) and the overweight/obese (body mass index, ≥25; adjusted odds ratio, 1.90 [1.56-2.31]; 2.36 [1.92-2.90]). Current findings suggested significantly increased adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with stage 1 hypertension based on the revised American Heart Association guidelines, especially in women with prepregnancy normal weight.
Development of a neuroimaging-informed classification of aetiological pathways for cerebral palsy; Objective: Using data obtained through maternal questionnaire, medical records, and neuroimaging assessment, we aimed to develop a working classification of the most common causal pathways seen in children with cerebral palsy (CP). Design: Cross-sectional study. Method: Participants were 222 biological mothers of children with prenatally or perinatally acquired CP who were born in the Australian state of Victoria between 1999 and 2008 (mean age 15 years, 0 months [SD 2 years, 8 months]; 132 males; GMFCS: 78 level I, 56 level II, 25 level III, 32 level IV, 31 level V). Mothers were invited to participate through the Victorian Cerebral Palsy Register. Those enrolled completed an online or paper-based questionnaire and consented to the collection of birth and neuroimaging data pertaining to their child from obstetric and paediatric hospital records. Using chi-square analysis, antecedent variables were assessed for their strength of association with neuroimaging patterns classified according to the MRI Classification System (MRICS). Results: No antenatal variable (pregnancy-induced hypertension/ preeclampsia, antepartum haemorrhage, gestational diabetes, fetal growth restriction, prescribed or illicit drug use, other relevant maternal conditions or pregnancy complications), either separately or in combination, was strongly associated with imaging classification (all p>0.1). On the other hand, birth gestation (<35 vs 35+ weeks; p<0.001) and intrapartum variables (sentinel event, indicator of fetal distress, delivery method, resuscitation, 5-minute Apgar score, time to establish regular respirations), either separately or in combination, were preferentially associated with specific neuroimaging patterns (all p<0.002). Neonatal wellbeing (care requirement, presence of neonatal seizures; both p<0.001) and dysmorphic features (p=0.001) also discriminated between neuroimaging patterns. Based on the associations found on univariable analysis, seven pathways related to prenatally or perinatally acquired CP were identified: 1) Structural brain maldevelopment, 2) known or presumed genetic/syndromic cause without evidence of structural brain maldevelopment, 3) neonatal immaturity and predominant white matter injury, 4) predominant white matter injury in term or late preterm infants, 5) neonatal encephalopathy near term and predominant grey matter injury consistent with peripartum hypoxia-ischaemia, 6) perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 7) other known pathways, for example, kernicterus. Conclusion: Based on frequently observed imaging patterns in CP, our new classification of causal pathways will provide a common terminology for clinicians, researchers, and families. It will also enable more in-depth analysis of pathways and risk factors within subgroups that are more aetiologically homogeneous and will facilitate identification and monitoring of preventive strategies.
Abstracts from USCAP 2020; The proceedings contain 2060 papers. The topics discussed include: characterizing the lymphocyte environment in hospital autopsy; correlation between fetal autopsy and postmortem magnetic resonance imaging in fetal anomalies terminated in the second trimester: a preliminary report; massive cardiomegaly in a newborn secondary to unsuspected maternal diabetes mimicking congenital heart disease: a diagnosis made at autopsy; use of next generation sequencing in the postmortem diagnosis of proteus syndrome; a characterization of NUT carcinoma presenting as an obliterative thoracic tumor in a young adult patient; an interdisciplinary, family-centered, undiagnosed disease model for the investigation of sudden unexpected death in pediatrics; 3D modeling as a tool for reproducing macroscopic examination of unique pathology specimens: vein of galen malformation; fluorine detection in the lung tissue of a worker with interstitial pulmonary fibrosis and long-term occupational exposure to polytetrafluoroethylene and perfluorooctanoic acid; a re-evaluation: acute kidney injury (AKI) patterns are similar in human autopsy kidneys and rat kidneys despite differences in renal tubule structure; and pathologic findings in the adrenal gland in adult autopsies: a ten-year community teaching hospital experience.
Massive cardiomegaly in a newborn secondary to unsuspected maternal diabetes mimicking congenital heart disease: A diagnosis made at autopsy; Background: Fatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a rare but devastating adverse outcome of gestational diabetes and prediabetes. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy occurs in 40% of infants of diabetic mothers and is symptomatic in 5%. The heart is rich in insulin receptors and has an extensive capacity for insulin degradation. Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is believed to develop due to fetal hyperinsulinemia and increased expression of insulin receptors that causes proliferation and hypertrophy of cardiac myocytes. Design: We report an autopsy of a macrosomic infant who presented with cyanosis at birth and a massively enlarged heart that mimicked congenital heart disease (CHD). Results: This large for gestational age infant was born to a mother with a history of preeclampsia and obesity. Gestational diabetes was not suspected. The echocardiogram showed right atrial dilation, right ventrcular hypertrophy, severe tricuspid regurgitation, suspicion for dysplastic pulmonic and tricuspid valves suggestive of CHD. The infant expired after 7 hours. The autopsy revealed a large for gestational age infant with a massively enlarged heart nearly 3 times the normal weight for age, greater than the combined weights of the lungs. There was marked hypertrophy of both ventricular walls and the septum with decreased ventriular volume. None of the valves showed any evidence of dysplasia or stenosis. The pancreas showed significant hyperplasia and hypertrophy of pancreatic islets with nuclear atypia and surrounding eosinophils, consistent with findings seen in infants of diabetic mothers. Prominent extramedullary hematopoesis was noted in the liver. Macrosomia along with the cardiac, pancreatic and hepatic findings suggested the diagnosis of cardiomyopathy secondary to maternal diabetes. Conclusions: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a common finding in infants of diabetic mothers and most often resolves without intervention within the first 6 months of life. In general there is a direct correlation between the severity of diabetes and the cardiomypathy but exceptions occur. The autopsy findings in the pancreas and liver, along with the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy suggested maternal diabetes. This would not have been diagnosed without an autopsy. Such pancreatic findings in stillbirth autopsies suggests possible maternal diabetes, are of value in management of future pregnancies. This case illustrates the importance of the autopsy in infants and stillborns.
Prospective associations of prenatal sedentary behavior and physical activity trajectories with adverse pregnancy outcomes; Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) are risk factors for future cardiovascular disease. Though factors such as obesity increase the risk of APO, whether patterns of prenatal sedentary behavior (SED) or physical activity are associated with APO is unclear. Methods: This cohort study measured objective SED, steps, and moderate-vigorous intensity physical activity (MVPA) during each trimester of pregnancy. Women were instructed to wear two monitors for 7 d: a thigh-mounted activPAL3 micro to measure SED and steps, and an Actigraph GT3X on an elastic waist belt to measure MVPA. Women also completed a detailed wear log. Data were considered valid with ≥4 d of ≥10 hr of wear. Physician-diagnosed APO (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, or intrauterine growth restriction) were abstracted from medical records by trained research personnel. Growth mixture modelling was used to construct separate SED, steps, and MVPA trajectories across pregnancy. Associations between trajectory groups and APO were evaluated using logistic regression with adjustment for prepregnancy BMI, race, education, and age. Results: Women (n=100) had mean (SD) age 31.2 (4.8) yr, pregnancy BMI 26.2 (6.8) kg/m2, andwere 25% non-white. Trajectory analyses revealed three groups within each SED, steps, and MVPA(see Table). Nineteen women (19%) had at least one APO: gestational hypertension and/orpreeclampsia (n=13), gestational diabetes (n=3), preterm birth (n=6), or intrauterine growthrestriction (n=4). High vs. low SED trajectory was associated with more than 6-fold higher odds ofAPO. Medium and high vs. low steps trajectory was associated with lower odds of APO, but onlymedium vs. low trajectories were statistically different. MVPA trajectory was not associated withAPO risk (see Table). Conclusion: Reducing SED and increasing daily steps, though not increasing MVPA, could benovel intervention targets for reducing APO and future cardiovascular risk in pregnant women. (Figure Presented).
Impact of autoimmune disease on acute venous thromboembolism incidence after pregnancy; Introduction: Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a leading cause of mortality in the postpartum period. Several autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus and Crohn's disease, have been found to increase risk of VTE by upregulating the body's procoagulants while decreasing physiologic anticoagulants via systemic inflammation. No existing studies have estimated the association of these risk factors exclusively among postpartum women. Hypothesis: Presence of autoimmune disease will be associated with increased risk of VTE among postpartum women. Methods: We identified a cohort of 755,722 women ages 15-45 with an international classification of disease code (ICD) for delivery in the 2011-2017 U.S. MarketScan Commercial administrative database. The exposure of prevalent autoimmune disease, represented by 29 endocrine, antibody positive, digestive and vascular diseases, was identified by two or more inpatient or outpatient ICD codes occurring before a woman's delivery date. VTE events between the delivery hospital discharge and 12 weeks postpartum were defined using validated algorithms of ICD codes and confirmatory evidence of anticoagulant prescriptions. Cox regression was used to calculate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) adjusted for age, hypertension, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, multiple gestation and antepartum hemorrhage. Associations were also evaluated Results: The average age of women was 30.7 years (SD: 5.4 years) and 27,322 out of the 755,722deliveries (3.6%) occurred among women with prevalent autoimmune disease. Of these, 10,555were endocrine diseases (1.4%), 12,851 were antibody positive diseases (1.7%), 4,634 weredigestive diseases (0.6%) and 353 were vascular diseases (0.1%). There were 3,502 postpartumVTE events; among them 235 (6.7%) occurred in women with prevalent autoimmune disease. In theadjusted model, women with autoimmune disease had higher postpartum rate of VTE (HR: 1.54;95%CI: 1.25, 1.90) relative to those without. When evaluating the subgroups separately, the rate ofVTE was elevated among women with digestive (HR: 1.73; 95%CI: 1.09, 2.76) and antibody positive(HR: 1.82; 95%CI: 1.38, 2.39) autoimmune diseases.Conclusions: Women with autoimmune disease were at 50% greater risk of postpartum VTE ascompared to women without these conditions. The association was more pronounced for womenwith digestive and antibody positive autoimmune disease. Given the importance of maternalmortality as an outcome, these findings suggest value for increasing VTE awareness among womenwith these autoimmune conditions and their healthcare providers.
Healthy lifestyle factors and cardiovascular disease risk in a prospective cohort of women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). Whether healthy lifestyle practices can mitigate this risk is unclear. Aims: To prospectively assess associations of healthy lifestyle factors with CVD risk in women with a history of GDM. Methods: We included 4,372 women from the Nurses' Health Study II with a prior clinician diagnosis of GDM who were free of cancer or CVD at the time of the index pregnancy. Healthy lifestyle factors, which were updated every 2-4 years, included non-current smoking, body mass index<25 kg/m , regular physical activity (>500 MET-min/week), high-quality diet (above median on the Alternative Healthy Eating Index), and moderate alcohol consumption (>0-15 g/day). A composite outcome of CVD was defined as the combination of nonfatal/fatal myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, angiographically confirmed angina, and coronary artery bypass surgery or angioplasty/stenting. Multivariate-adjusted Cox models were used to calculate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Results: During a median 28 years of follow-up, 179 incident CVD events were ascertained.Compared to women with 0 or 1 healthy lifestyle factor, HR (95% CI) for risk of CVD among thosewho had 2, 3, and ≥4 factors were 1.02 (0.68, 1.53), 0.45 (0.28, 0.74), and 0.32 (0.18, 0.60),respectively (P < 0.001) (Table 1). Similar results were observed for clinical CVD events(nonfatal/fatal MI or stroke) and total MI. When modeled continuously, each additional healthylifestyle factor was associated with a lower risk of the composite outcome, HR (95% CI): 0.67 (0.57,0.80); clinical CVD, HR (95% CI): 0.74 (0.58, 0.94); and MI, HR (95% CI): 0.61 (0.43, 0.86). Weestimated that 62.5% (95% CI: 34.9%, 79.0%) of the CVD risk in this population was potentiallyavoidable with adherence to ≥4 healthy lifestyle factors.Conclusion: Greater adherence to healthy lifestyle factors was associated with a significantreduction in CVD risk in women with a history of GDM.
Assessment of subtle myocardial dysfunction in asymptomatic infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Cardiovascular abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMS) occur in the form of congenital heart diseases (CHD), and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). Aim of the Work: We hypothesized that two dimensional speckle tracking imaging and pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TM) may uncover subtle myocardial dysfunction in asymptomatic IDMs. Patients and Methods: This study was a cross sectional descriptive study conducted at Ain shams University Children's Hospital Pediatric cardiology unit during the period from June 2017 till January 2018. Thirty IDMs were recruited. IDMs with CHD and HCM were excluded. We further subdivided them into 2 groups; Infants of gestational diabetic mothers (IGDM) and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (IPGDM). They were all examined using TDI and STI echocardiography in the first week of life. This group was compared to a group of age and sex matched healthy controls. Results: All IDMs had normal cardiac dimensions and global cardiac functions as controls, IVS (P=0.434), LVED (P=0.318), EF (P=0.291), LVFS(P=0.644) and GLS(P=0.240). However, evidence of LV dysfunction proved by increased Tei index (p=0.018). This subtle affection of myocardial function was more prominent in infants of IPGDM when compared to IGDMs (P=0.004). Conclusion: Subtle affection of myocardial functions may occur in IDMs even in the absence of morphological cardiac changes. This was detected by TDI. Neither conventional assessment of myocardial functions, nor STI are sensitive tools in detecting these changes. IPGDMs are at risk of more profound affection of myocardial function than infants of IGDMs.
Metabolic Health, Insulin, and Breast Cancer: Why Oncologists Should Care About Insulin; Studies investigating the potential link between adult pre-menopausal obesity [as measured by body mass index (BMI)] and triple-negative breast cancer have been inconsistent. Recent studies show that BMI is not an exact measure of metabolic health; individuals can be obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2) and metabolically healthy or lean (BMI < 25 kg/m2) and metabolically unhealthy. Consequently, there is a need to better understand the molecular signaling pathways that might be activated in individuals that are metabolically unhealthy and how these signaling pathways may drive biologically aggressive breast cancer. One key driver of both type-2 diabetes and cancer is insulin. Insulin is a potent hormone that activates many pathways that drive aggressive breast cancer biology. Here, we review (1) the controversial relationship between obesity and breast cancer, (2) the impact of insulin on organs, subcellular components, and cancer processes, (3) the potential link between insulin-signaling and cancer, and (4) consider time points during breast cancer prevention and treatment where insulin-signaling could be better controlled, with the ultimate goal of improving overall health, optimizing breast cancer prevention, and improving breast cancer survival.
The Use of Sex-Specific Factors in the Assessment of Women's Cardiovascular Risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the United States. As compared with men, women are less likely to be diagnosed appropriately, receive preventive care, or be treated aggressively for CVD. Sex differences between men and women have allowed for the identification of CVD risk factors and risk markers that are unique to women. The 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Multi-Society cholesterol guideline and 2019 American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association guideline on the primary prevention of CVD introduced the concept of risk-enhancing factors that are specific to women and are associated with an increased risk of incident atherosclerotic CVD in women. These factors, if present, would favor more intensified lifestyle interventions and consideration of initiation or intensification of statin therapy for primary prevention to mitigate the increased risk. In this primer, we highlight sex-specific CVD risk factors in women, stress the importance of eliciting a thorough obstetrical and gynecological history during cardiovascular risk assessment, and provide a framework for how to initiate appropriate preventive measures when sex-specific risk factors are present.
Depressive symptoms associated with physical health problems in midlife women: A longitudinal study; Background:: It is unclear if the relationship between depression and physical health problems in women is related to age, reproductive stage, obesity or socio-demographic risk factors. Methods: Longitudinal data were obtained every 6 months for 36 months in 264 midlife African American, Caucasian and Latina women who began the study as healthy regularly menstruating 40 to 50-year-olds; 75 transitioned to peri- or post-menopause by 36 months. Scores of 16 or higher on the Center for Epidemiologic Studies-Depression (CES-D) scale were used to estimate depression risk. Results: Depression risk was 28% at study initiation and 25% at 36 months. Significantly more women at risk for depression were unemployed, obese, or hypertensive. Women at risk were more likely to become peri- or post-menopausal during the study period. A higher percentage (38%) of overweight and obese women had CES-D scores ≥ 16 compared to normal weight women (23%; p <.001). Over half (58%) of the 73 women at higher depression risk at the initial visit reported a health problem or chronic illness at 36 months, compared to only 36% of the 191 women with CES-D scores <16 (p =.001). Limitations: This was a secondary analysis of data from a relatively healthy sample of women in the decade before menopause. Chronic illness was self-reported and the CES-D is a screening tool for depressive symptoms rather than a clinical diagnostic tool. Conclusions: Health care providers may be underestimating the impact of unemployment on depressive symptoms, obesity and chronic health problems in midlife women.
Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring during pregnancy: An Italian experience; Objective: To describe the impact of a collaborative Italian diagnostic pathway offering ambulatory blood pressure (BP) monitoring (ABPM) in High Risk Antenatal Clinic (HRAC) pregnant women. The study included 395 pregnant women evaluated at HRAC between 2012 and 2016, while analyzing demographic, clinical characteristics, and prescription of ABPM. Pregnant women were firstly seen when gestational age was 19.6 ± 9.6 weeks. In at least one-third of cases, ABPM was followed by medical intervention aiming to modify the pre-existing therapeutic treatment. Hypertension and overweight were the main reasons for performing ABPM. WCH: white-coat hy-pertension.
Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes and Long-term Maternal Kidney Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis; Importance: Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease. Little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with increased risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Objective: To review and synthesize the published literature on adverse pregnancy outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery) and subsequent maternal CKD and ESKD. Data Sources: PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science were searched from inception to July 31, 2019, for cohort and case-control studies of adverse pregnancy outcomes and maternal CKD and ESKD. Study Selection: Selected studies included the following: A population of pregnant women, exposure to an adverse pregnancy outcome of interest, and at least 1 primary outcome (CKD or ESKD) or secondary outcome (hospitalization or death due to kidney disease). Adverse pregnancy outcomes included exposure to hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or chronic hypertension), preterm delivery (<37 weeks), and gestational diabetes. Three reviewers were involved in study selection. Of 5656 studies retrieved, 23 were eligible for inclusion. Data Extraction and Synthesis: The Meta-analyses of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines were followed throughout. Three reviewers extracted data and appraised study quality. Random-effects meta-analyses were used to calculate overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. Main Outcomes and Measures: Primary outcomes included CKD and ESKD diagnosis, defined using established clinical criteria (estimated glomerular filtration rate or albuminuria values) or hospital records. The protocol for this systematic review was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42018110891). Results: Of 23 studies included (5769891 participants), 5 studies reported effect estimates for more than 1 adverse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia was associated with significantly increased risk of CKD (pooled adjusted risk ratio [aRR], 2.11; 95% CI, 1.72-2.59), ESKD (aRR, 4.90; 95% CI, 3.56-6.74), and kidney-related hospitalization (aRR, 2.65; 95% CI, 1.03-6.77). Gestational hypertension was associated with increased risk of CKD (aRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.11-2.01) and ESKD (aRR, 3.64; 95% CI, 2.34-5.66). Preterm preeclampsia was associated with increased risk of ESKD (aRR, 5.66; 95% CI, 3.06-10.48); this association with ESKD persisted for women who had preterm deliveries without preeclampsia (aRR, 2.09; 95% CI, 1.64-2.66). Gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of CKD among black women (aRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.18-2.70), but not white women (aRR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.58-1.13). Conclusions and Relevance: In this meta-analysis, exposure to adverse pregnancy outcomes, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery, was associated with higher risk of long-term kidney disease. The risk of ESKD was highest among women who experienced preeclampsia. A systematic approach may be warranted to identify women at increased risk of kidney disease, particularly after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and to optimize their long-term follow-up.
Reproductive History and Cognitive Aging: The Bogalusa Heart Study; Background: Although it has become increasingly clear that pregnancy-related health predicts later-life cardiometabolic health, the relationship between reproductive history and cognitive health is less frequently studied. Although some research has identified associations between parity or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cognitive changes, the evidence is mixed. Objective: To examine the association between reproductive history and midlife cognition in a community-based population. Study design: Seven hundred and thirty midlife women in the Bogalusa Heart Study completed a brief cognitive battery (memory, attention, executive function, and processing speed) and were interviewed about their reproductive history. Reproductive history (parity, age at first pregnancy, and breastfeeding) and pregnancy complications (low birthweight, preterm birth, hypertensive disorders, and miscarriage) were examined as predictors of cognitive function, with adjustment for potential confounders. Results: Nulliparous women had an overall lower cognitive score (adjusted beta −1.50, standard error [SE]: 0.41). Adolescent birth was associated with a somewhat better performance on the Trail Making Test (beta −0.31, SE: 0.15 for birth <16 years), while high parity was not strongly associated with any of the cognitive measures. History of pregnancy complications was not strongly associated with cognitive function, whereas history of miscarriage was associated with better cognitive function, as was a history of breastfeeding (beta overall score 0.90, SE: 0.29), particularly noticeable for semantic memory and in those with more total breastfeeding time (beta for overall score among those with >24 weeks lifetime breastfeeding, beta 1.21, SE: 0.44). Conclusion: Nulliparity and breastfeeding are associated with midlife cognition in women. Future studies should examine possible mechanisms by which these associations are created.
Non-nutritional sweeteners effects on endothelial vascular function; Aim: Hyperglycemia status induces endothelial dysfunction, although the underlying pathogenic mechanisms are not fully understood. There are several studies connecting sugar/sweetened beverages to the cardiovascular disease. Currently, many sweeteners have been extensively introduced into lifestyle to normalize blood glucose levels without altering the sweet taste. However, there is growing concern for their impact on metabolic health. Methods: Human endothelial cells were treated with Glucose, Fructose, Aspartame, Rebaudioside A, Stevioside, or Steviol. Morphological characteristics, in vitro angiogenesis and array gene expression were analyzed. Results: High-glucose and fructose concentrations significantly decreased cell features such as angiogenic capability. Interestingly, non-caloric sweeteners did not significantly modified all cell characteristics and they did not compromised cell angiogenic ability. Array gene expression analysis revealed that the chemokine fractalkine (CX3CL1) and the enzyme transferase (HPRT1) were always significantly upregulated and downregulated respectively, after glucose and fructose treatments (P > .05), whereas they were non-differentially expressed with all the other sweeteners. Interestingly, both genes are considered as cardiovascular disease risk biomarkers. Specifically, upregulation of CX3CL1/CX3CR1 occurs in the human placenta and serum levels of the ligand are associated with markers of insulin resistance in GDM. Conclusions: Differently from glucose and fructose, steviol glycosides do not damage endothelial cells. Prospective preclinical studies and clinical trials are warranted to confirm the long-term safety of such compounds.
Gestational exercise and maternal and child health: Effects until delivery and at post-natal follow-up; We studied the influence of pregnancy exercise on maternal/offspring cardiometabolic health until delivery and at follow-up. We pooled data from two randomized controlled trials from our group that were performed following the same methodology (one unpublished). We also collected follow-up data de novo from the participants of both trials and their offspring. In total, 1348 women with uncomplicated, singleton gestations were assigned to an intervention (n = 688, performing a supervised, moderate-intensity exercise program (three sessions/week)) or control group (n = 660). Maternal outcomes were excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG), gestational hypertension/diabetes and, at follow-up, return to pre-pregnancy weight within six months, hypertension, overweight/obesity, and other cardiometabolic conditions. Offspring outcomes were macrosomia and low-birthweight and, at follow-up, overweight/obesity, low-weight, and cardiometabolic conditions. Adherence to the intervention, which proved safe, was > 95%. Pregnancy exercise reduced the risk of EGWG, gestational hypertension, and diabetes (adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval: 0.60 (0.46–0.79), 0.39 (0.23–0.67), and 0.48 (0.28–0.84)), and it was associated with a greater likelihood of returning to pre-pregnancy weight (2.37 (1.26–4.54)) and a lower risk of maternal cardiometabolic conditions (0.27 (0.08–0.95)) at the end of follow-up (median 6.1 years (interquartile range 1.8)). Pregnancy exercise also reduced the risk of macrosomia (0.36 (0.20–0.63)) and of childhood overweight/obesity during the first year (0.20 (0.06–0.63)). Our findings suggest that pregnancy exercise might protect maternal/offspring health.
Infant of diabetic mother: what one needs to know?; The global incidence of diabetes mellitus, including diabetes in pregnant women, is on the rise. Diabetes mellitus in a pregnant woman jeopardizes not only maternal health but can also have significant implications on the child to be born. Therefore, timely diagnosis and strict glycemic control are of utmost importance in achieving a safe outcome for both the mother and fetus. The treating physician should be aware of the complications that can arise due to poor glycemic control during pregnancy. The objective of this article is to discuss the key concerns in a neonate born to diabetic mother, the underlying pathogenesis, and the screening schedule during pregnancy.
A population-based study of diabetes during pregnancy in Spain (2009–2015): Trends in incidence, obstetric interventions, and pregnancy outcomes; (1) Background: We examined trends in incidence and outcomes in women with existing type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared with a control group without diabetes. (2) Methods: This was an observational, retrospective epidemiological study using the National Hospital Discharge Database. (3) Results: There were 2,481,479 deliveries in Spain between 2009 and 2015 (5561 mothers with T1DM, 4391 with T2DM, and 130,980 with GDM). Incidence and maternal age of existing diabetes and GDM increased over time. Women with T2DM were more likely to have obstetric comorbidity (70.12%) than those with GDM (60.28%), T1DM (59.45%), and no diabetes (41.82%). Previous cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, smoking, hypertension, and obesity were the most prevalent risk factors in all types of diabetes. Women with T1DM had the highest rate of cesarean delivery (Risk Ratio (RR) 2.34; 95% Confidence Interval (CI) 2.26–2.43) and prolonged maternal length of stay. Labor induction was higher in T2DM (RR 1.99; 95% CI 1.89–2.10). Women with T1DM had more severe maternal morbidity (RR 1.97; 95% CI 1.70–2.29) and neonatal morbidity (preterm birth, RR 3.32; 95% CI 3.14–3.51, and fetal overgrowth, RR 8.05; 95% CI 7.41–8.75). (4) Conclusions: existing and GDM incidence has increased over time. We found differences in the prevalence of comorbidities, obstetric risk factors, and the rate of adverse obstetric outcomes among women with different types of diabetes. Pregnant women with diabetes have the highest risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Association of maternal D-dimer level in late pregnancy with birth outcomes in a Chinese cohort; Objective: To investigate the association of D-dimer level during late pregnancy with birth outcomes in a Chinese population. Methods: A retrospective observational cohort study of 11,570 pregnant women who delivered in a single central hospital was conducted. Maternal plasma D-dimer levels at hospital admission and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted and analyzed from laboratory information system and hospital records, respectively. Results: Maternal plasma D-dimer levels were associated with higher fetal growth indicators for the highest vs. lowest quartile (Q) of D-dimer (mean birth weight: 145.79 g, mean birth length: 0.11 cm, mean gestational age: 0.30 week). Increase in D-dimer quartiles were associated with an decreased risk for small for gestational age (SGA), low birth weight (LBW) and preterm birth (PTB) neonates, and with an increased risk for large for gestational age (LGA), and macrosomia infants (SGA: OR = 0.52, 95% CI: 0.43, 0.64; LBW: OR = 0.58, 95% CI: 0.38, 0.86; PTB: OR = 0.44, 95% CI: 0.35, 0.55; LGA: OR = 2.37, 95% CI: 2.01, 2.78; macrosomia: OR = 2.59, 95% CI, 2.06, 3.24; for Q4 vs. Q1). Conclusion: Maternal plasma D-dimer levels during late pregnancy were associated with birth outcomes and had risk evaluation value for these outcomes.
Adipokines underlie the early origins of obesity and associated metabolic comorbidities in the offspring of women with pregestational obesity; Maternal pregestational obesity is a well-known risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The mechanisms by which maternal obesity can induce alterations in fetal and later neonatal metabolism are not fully elucidated due to its complexity and multifactorial causes. Two adipokines, leptin and adiponectin, are involved in fetal and postnatal growth trajectories, and both are altered in women with pregestational obesity. The placenta synthesizes leptin, which goes mainly to the maternal circulation and in lesser amount to the developing fetus. Maternal pregestational obesity and hyperleptinemia are associated with placental dysfunction and changes in nutrient transporters which directly affect fetal growth and development. By the other side, the embryo can produce its own leptin from early in development, which is associated to fetal weight and adiposity. Adiponectin, an insulin-sensitizing adipokine, is downregulated in maternal obesity. High molecular weight (HMW) adiponectin is the most abundant form and with most biological actions. In maternal obesity lower total and HMW adiponectin levels have been described in the mother, paralleled with high levels in the umbilical cord. Several studies have found that cord blood adiponectin levels are related with postnatal growth trajectories, and it has been suggested that low adiponectin levels in women with pregestational obesity enhance placental insulin sensitivity and activation of placental amino acid transport systems, supporting fetal overgrowth. The possible mechanisms by which maternal pregestational obesity, focusing in the actions of leptin and adiponectin, affects the fetal development and postnatal growth trajectories in their offspring are discussed.
Men and women respond differently to antipsychotic drugs; Background: Because women are often perceived as having better outcomes than men in psychotic illnesses such as schizophrenia – women are less often in hospital, have a lower suicide rate, are less often involved with the law, enjoy better relationships with family and friends – the question arises as to whether or not this apparent advantage is attributable to a gender difference in antipsychotic response. Objective: The aim of this paper is to critically review the quantitative and qualitative literature on gender difference in antipsychotic response sourced mainly from medical databases of the last ten years. Findings: There are theoretical reasons why women's effective doses of antipsychotics might need to be lower than guidelines recommend for men, especially as regards olanzapine and clozapine, but, because there are so many variables that impinge on antipsychotic response, it is difficult to provide definitive guidance. What is evident is that some antipsychotic side effects, weight gain for instance, are more worrisome for women than for men. It is also evident that, after menopause, women need an increase in their antipsychotic dose; other reproductive stages in women's lives require special prescribing considerations as well. Conclusion: There is a science, and an art, to prescribing antipsychotics, which needs to take gender into account. This article is part of the issue entitled ‘Special Issue on Antipsychotics’.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease: The Baby Hearts Study, a population-based casecontrol study; We investigated the role of maternal environmental factors in the aetiology of congenital heart disease (CHD). A population-based case-control study (242 CHD cases, 966 controls) was conducted using an iPad questionnaire for mother with linkage to maternity and first trimester prescription records. Risk of CHD was associated with low maternal education (OR adjusted for confounders 1.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.02-2.49), pregestational diabetes (OR 4.04; 95% CI 1.00-16.28), self-reported maternal clotting disorders (adjOR 8.55, 95%CI 1.51-48.44), prescriptions for the anticlotting medication enoxaparin (adjOR 3.22, 95%CI 1.01-10.22) and self-reported vaginal infections (adjOR 1.69, 95%CI 1.01-2.80). There was no strong support for the hypothesis that periconceptional folic acid supplements have a protective effect, but there was a protective effect of frequent consumption of folate rich fruits (adjOR 0.64, 95%CI 0.47-0.89). Compared to the most common pre-pregnancy dietary pattern, CHD risk was associated with a poor diet low in fruit and vegetables (adjOR 1.56, 95%CI 1.05-2.34). Mothers of cases reported more pregnancy related stress (adjOR 1.69; 95% CI 1.22-2.34) and multiple stressors (adjOR 1.94, 95%CI 0.83-4.53). We found no supportive evidence for CHD risk being associated with obesity, smoking, depression or antidepressant use in this population. Our findings add to the previous evidence base to show potential for public health approaches to help prevent CHD in future by modifying environmental factors. Independent confirmation should be sought regarding elevated CHD risk associated with maternal blood clotting disorders and their treatment, since we are the first to report this.
Successful treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis type 1 in combination with methimazole and potassium iodide in a patient with Hashimoto's thyroiditis; A patient with underlying Hashimoto's thyroiditis developed amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis type 1 that was successfully treated using methimazole in combination with potassium iodide. A 35-year-old woman admitted for perinatal care of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome was given amiodarone for 7 days for paroxysmal ventricular contraction following pulseless ventricular tachycardia 1 day after delivery. She developed thyrotoxicosis one month after the discontinuation of amiodarone therapy and was negative for thyroidstimulating hormone receptor antibody. An increased peak velocity of the superior thyroid artery suggested amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis type 1. Her thyroid function recovered after combination therapy with methimazole and potassium iodide.
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations; Background/Aims: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyndromic CHD (ns-CHD). Methods: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. Results: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. Conclusion: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM.
Harmonising research outcomes for polycystic ovary syndrome: An international multi-stakeholder core outcome set; STUDY QUESTION: What are the key core outcomes to be reported in studies on polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)? SUMMARY ANSWER: We identified 3 generic and 30 specific core outcomes in 6 specialist domains: metabolic (8), reproductive (7), pregnancy (10), oncological (1), psychological (1) and long-term outcomes (1). WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Research reporting PCOS is heterogeneous with high variation in outcome selection, definition and quality. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Evidence synthesis and a modified Delphi method with e-surveys were used as well as a consultation meeting. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Overall, 71 health professionals and 123 lay consumers (women with lived experience of PCOS and members of advocacy and peer support groups) from 17 high-, middle- and low-income countries were involved in this analysis. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: The final core outcome set included 3 generic outcomes (BMI, quality of life, treatment satisfaction) that are applicable to all studies on women with PCOS and 30 specific outcomes that were categorised into six specialist domains: 8 metabolic outcomes (waist circumference, type 2 diabetes, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, coronary heart disease, lipid profile, venous thromboembolic disease); 7 reproductive outcomes [viable pregnancy (confirmed by ultrasound including singleton, twins and higher multiples), clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, menstrual regularity, reproductive hormonal profile, chronic anovulation, ovulation stimulation success including the number of stimulated follicles ≥ 12 mm, incidence and severity of ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome]; 10 pregnancy outcomes (live birth, miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal mortality, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, baby birth weight, major congenital abnormalities); 3 psychological outcomes (depression, anxiety, eating disorders); 1 oncological (abnormal endometrial proliferation including atypical endometrial hyperplasia and endometrial cancer); and 1 outcome in the long-term domain (long-term offspring metabolic and developmental outcomes). LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We involved lay consumers in all stages of study through e-surveys but not through focus groups, thereby limiting our understanding of their choices. We did not address the variations in the definitions and measurement tools for some of the core outcomes. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Implementing this core outcome set in future studies on women with PCOS will improve the quality of reporting and aid evidence synthesis. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): Evidence synthesis was funded through the Australian government, National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) Centre for Research Excellence in PCOS, and H.T. is funded through an NHMRC fellowship. B.H.A. is funded through an NIHR lectureship. All authors have no competing interest to declare.
Down-regulation of the insulin signaling pathway by SHC may correlate with congenital heart disease in Chinese populations; Background/Aims: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common and severe congenital defects. The incidence of fetal cardiac malformation is increased in the context of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Therefore, we wanted to determine whether abnormalities in the insulin signaling pathway are associated with the occurrence of nonsyn-dromic CHD (ns-CHD). Methods: We used digital gene expression profiling (DGE) of right atrial myocardial tissue samples from eight ns-CHD patients and four controls. The genes potentially associated with CHD were validated by real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR analysis of right atrial myocardial tissues from 37 patients and 10 controls and the H9C2 cell line. Results: The results showed that the insulin signaling pathway, which is mediated by the SHC gene family, was inhibited in the ns-CHD patients. The expression levels of five genes (PTPRF, SHC4, MAP2K2, MKNK2, and ELK1) in the pathway were significantly down-regulated in the patients' atrial tissues (P<0.05 for all). In vitro, the H9C2 cells cultured in high glucose (33 mmol/l) expressed less SHC4, MAP2K2, and Elk-1 than those cultured in low glucose (25 mmol/l). Furthermore, the high glucose concentration down-regulated the 25 genes associated with blood vessel development based on Gene Ontology (GO) term enrichment analyses of RNA-seq data. Conclusion: We considered that changes in the insulin signaling pathway mediated by SHC might be involved in the heart development process. This mechanism might account for the increase in the incidence of fetal cardiac malformations in the context of GDM.
Implementing a healthy postpartum lifestyle after gestational diabetes or preeclampsia: A qualitative study of the partner's role; Background: Women with preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for later cardiovascular disease, and lifestyle measures are recommended to prevent subsequent disease. Partner support has been shown to be important in lifestyle modification in other diseases, but there is a lack of knowledge of partner involvement in PE and GDM. The aim of this study was to explore the partner's experiences and knowledge of gestational diseases, and how the partner wishes to contribute to lifestyle change. Methods: A qualitative study with one focus group interview and seven in-depth individual interviews, involving eleven partners of women with a pregnancy complicated by GDM or PE. The interview data were inductively analysed using four-step systematic text condensation, supported by interdependence theory. Results: Partners experienced a strong "we-feeling" and wanted to support the woman in lifestyle changes. At the same time, they felt insecure, worried, foolish and left out and they missed information from clinicians. The partners felt that their involvement was crucial to lasting lifestyle changes and expected that the clinicians would routinely invite them to discuss lifestyle change. Conclusions: Partners considered themselves an important resource for lifestyle changes for women with PE and GDM, but missed being more directly invited, informed and included in maternity care and wanted to participate in the care that followed the gestational disease. This study can help health professionals to realize that partners are an overlooked resource that can make important contributions to improve the health of the whole family if they are involved and supported by health services.
Clinical application of exosomes and circulating microRNAs in the diagnosis of pregnancy complications and foetal abnormalities; During pregnancy in humans, the physiology of the mother and foetus are finely regulated by many factors. Inappropriate regulation can result in pregnancy disorders, such as complications and foetal abnormalities. The early prediction or accurate diagnosis of related diseases is a concern of researchers. Liquid biopsy can be analysed for circulating cells, cell-free nucleic acids, and exosomes. Because exosomes can be detected in the peripheral blood of women in early pregnancy, these vesicles and their contents have become the focus of early prediction or diagnostic biomarker research on pregnancy complications and foetal developmental disorders. In this review, we focus on recent studies addressing the roles of peripheral blood exosomes and circulating miRNAs in pregnancy complications and in pregnancies with abnormal foetal developmental disorders, with particular attention paid to the potential application value of exosomes and circulating miRNAs as disease-specific biomarkers.
Maternal and birth cohort studies in the Gulf Cooperation Council countries: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: We systematically reviewed and chronicled exposures and outcomes measured in the maternal and birth cohort studies in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries and quantitatively summarized the weighted effect estimates between maternal obesity and (1) cesarean section (CS) and (2) fetal macrosomia. Methods: We searched MEDLINE-PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and Web of Science electronic databases up to 30 June 2019. We considered all maternal and birth cohort studies conducted in the six GCC countries (Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and United Arab Emirates (UAE)). We categorized cohort studies on the basis of the exposure(s) (anthropometric, environmental, medical, maternal/reproductive, perinatal, or socioeconomic) and outcome(s) (maternal or birth) being measured. Adjusted weighted effect estimates, in the form of relative risks, between maternal obesity and CS and fetal macrosomia were generated using a random-effects model. Results: Of 3502 citations, 81 published cohort studies were included. One cohort study was in Bahrain, eight in Kuwait, seven in Qatar, six in Oman, 52 in Saudi Arabia, and seven in the UAE. Majority of the exposures studied were maternal/reproductive (65.2%) or medical (39.5%). Birth and maternal outcomes were reported in 82.7% and in 74.1% of the cohort studies, respectively. In Saudi Arabia, babies born to obese women were at a higher risk of macrosomia (adjusted relative risk (aRR), 1.15; 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.10-1.20; I 2 = 50%) or cesarean section (aRR, 1.21; 95% CI, 1.15-1.26; I 2 = 62.0%). Several cohort studies were only descriptive without reporting the magnitude of the effect estimate between the assessed exposures and outcomes. Conclusions: Cohort studies in the GCC have predominantly focused on reproductive and medical exposures. Obese pregnant women are at an increased risk of undergoing CS delivery or macrosomic births. Longer-term studies that explore a wider range of environmental and biological exposures and outcomes relevant to the GCC region are needed.
Association between H. pylori infection and health Outcomes: An umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses; Objective Systematic reviews and meta-analyses have revealed the associations between H. pylori infection and various health outcomes. We aimed to evaluate the strength and breadth of evidence on the associations. Design Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Setting No settings. Participants No patients involved. Data sources Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library Databases, CNKI, VIP database and Wangfang database from inception to February 1, 2019. Outcomes measures Diverse diseases (such as cancer and ischaemic heart disease). Results Sixty articles reporting 88 unique outcomes met the eligible criteria. 74 unique outcomes had nominal significance (p<0.05). Of the outcomes with significance, 61 had harmful associations and 13 had beneficial associations. Furthermore, 73% (64) of the outcomes exhibited significant heterogeneity. Of the these meta-analyses, 32 had moderate to high heterogeneity (I 2 =50%-75%) and 24 had high heterogeneity (I 2 >75%). Moreover, 20% exhibited publication bias (p<0.1). In addition, 97% of the methodological qualities were rated critically low'. 36% of the evidence qualities of outcomes were rated low', 56% of the evidence qualities were rated very low' and 8% of the evidence qualities were rated moderate'. H. pylori infection may be associated with an increased risk of five diseases and a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome. Conclusion Although 60 meta-analyses explored 88 unique outcomes, moderate quality evidence only existed for six outcomes with statistical significance. H. pylori infection may be associated with a decreased risk of irritable bowel syndrome and an increased risk of hypertriglyceridemia, chronic cholecystitis and cholelithiasis, gestational diabetes mellitus, gastric cancer and systemic sclerosis. Trial registration CRD42019124680.
A Protocol for Nurse-Practitioner Led Cardiovascular Follow-Up After Pregnancy Complications in a Socioeconomically Disadvantaged Population; Background: Women who experience pregnancy complications have an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease when compared to their healthy counterparts. Despite recommendations, there is no standardized cardiovascular follow-up in the postpartum period for these women, and the Australian follow-up protocols that have been previously described are research-based. This study proposes a new model of care for a nurse practitioner-led postpartum intervention clinic for women who experience severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus requiring medication, severe intrauterine growth restriction, idiopathic preterm delivery, or placental abruption, in a socioeconomically disadvantaged population. Methods: All women receiving antenatal care or who deliver at the Lyell McEwin Hospital, a tertiary acute care facility located in the northern Adelaide metropolitan area, following a severe complication of pregnancy are referred to the intervention clinic for review at 6 months postpartum. A comprehensive assessment is conducted from demographics, medical history, diet and exercise habits, psychosocial information, health literacy, pathology results, and physical measurements. Subsequently, patient-specific education and clinical counseling are provided by a specialized nurse practitioner. Clinic appointments are repeated at 18 months and 5 years postpartum. All data is also collated into a registry, which aims to assess the efficacy of the intervention at improving modifiable cardiovascular risk factors and reducing cardiovascular risk. Discussion: There is limited information on the efficacy of postpartum intervention clinics in reducing cardiovascular risk in women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Analyses of the data collected in the registry will provide essential information about how best to reduce cardiovascular risk in women in socioeconomically disadvantaged and disease-burdened populations.
Biochemical indicators as predictive markers by combining clinical signs in pre-eclampsia; AIM: To determine whether previously identified risk factors are associated with the development of a severe form of pre-eclampsia in a heterogeneous cohort of women, and the predictive values of these risk factors when combined with certain biochemical indicators. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Systematic review of data collected for a doctoral case-control study plus an examination of the indicators of pre-eclampsia and maternal IL10 levels. This examination was conducted in 100 women with pregnancies complicated by varying degrees of pre-eclampsia and in 80 normotensive patients hospitalized at the University Clinic of Gynecology and Obstetrics, Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. Patients with pre-eclampsia were categorized into moderate (m PE) and severe (s PE) pre-eclampsia group according to the degree of pre-eclampsia. The severity of pre-eclampsia was determined according to the definition of the World Health Organization, Handbook for guideline development from 2010. RESULTS: The regression analysis applied in this study showed that elevated systolic blood pressure of 160 mmHg or higher, diastolic blood pressure of 100 mmHg or higher, pregnancy at an older age, nulliparity, persistent proteinuria in pregnancy, the serum lactate dehydrogenase concentration of 450 U/L or higher, and reduced serum concentrations of IL10 as significant predictors of severe pre-eclampsia in pregnant women. While other variables predicted a higher likelihood for the development of severe pre-eclampsia, IL10 decreased such likelihood. IL10 was also found to be negatively correlated with proteinuria and positively correlated with blood platelets. Significantly higher concentration of IL10 was confirmed in patients with a higher number of platelets in the blood and vice versa. On the other hand, the serum concentration of IL10 was significantly lower in patients with a higher amount of proteins in the urine and vice versa. CONCLUSIONS: Examination of clinical risk factors combined with biochemical markers can improve the predictive success of pre-eclampsia and has important clinical values in improving the prognosis of pregnant women and fetuses.
Transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass: the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL) 6-year follow-up; Aim: To investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and gestational diabetes on offspring body composition and left ventricle mass in early childhood. Methods: The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs, a sub-cohort from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study, who were recruited 6.1 ± 0.5 (mean ± SD) years postpartum, aiming for an equal number of mothers with and without gestational diabetes. Results: Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (mean ± SD; 30.5 ± 5.6 kg/m2) was associated with child body fat percentage [0.26 (95% CI; 0.08, 0.44)% increase in child body fat per 1 kg/m2 increase in pre-pregnancy BMI of mothers with obesity] and was reflected in child BMI Z-score (mean ± SD; 0.45 ± 0.93). Left ventricle mass, left ventricle mass index and left ventricle mass Z-score were not associated with gestational diabetes, pre-pregnancy BMI or child body fat percentage. After adjusting for child sex, body fat percentage, systolic blood pressure, pre-pregnancy BMI and maternal lean body mass, left ventricle mass increased by 3.08 (95% CI; 2.25, 3.91) g for each 1 kg in child lean body mass. Conclusions: Left ventricle mass at 6 years of age is determined predominantly by lean body mass. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child, but no direct association between left ventricle mass and child adiposity or evidence of left ventricle mass foetal programming related to gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity was observed in early childhood.
Birth defects in Taiwan: A 10-year nationwide population-based, cohort study; Background/Purpose: Birth defects (BDs) are main causes of mortality and disability in infants and children. The aims of this study were to analyze the prevalence, types and risk factors of BDs in Taiwan. Methods: Data of all births (including live and stillbirths), types, characteristics, and associated risk factors of BDs were obtained from the National Birth Registry and National Health Insurance Research Data base in Taiwan between 2005 and 2014. Birth defects were coded according to International Classification of Diseases 9th Revision-Clinical Modification codes 740–759. Results: A total of 55,299 infants were diagnosed as having BDs among 2,033,004 births. The prevalence of BDs was 271.66 per 10,000 births. The prevalence of BDs did not change significantly between 2005 and 2014, there was a higher birth rate and lower BDs in 2012 (year of dragon) in Taiwan. The most common type of BDs was cardiovascular abnormalities, and ventricular septal defect was the most common disease. Extreme maternal age (<18 years or ≧30 years), preterm, and low birth weight were associated with BDs. Maternal diseases associated with BDs included hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, renal diseases, genitourinary infections, anemia, mental disorders, and diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: The prevalence of BDs was 271.66 per 10,000 births. The most common types of BDs were cardiovascular abnormalities. If we can reduce maternal chronic diseases, we will decrease the prevalence of BDs.
Systemic oxidative stress is increased in postmenopausal women and independently associates with homocysteine levels; Oxidative stress plays a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Postmenopausal women have an increased risk of developing CVD due to decreased estrogen availability, which is accompanied by increased oxidative stress. Serum free thiols (R-SH) provide a robust and powerful read-out of systemic oxidative stress. In this study, we aimed to establish serum levels of free thiols and explore associations between free thiols and demographic, clinical, and biochemical parameters related to obesity and the risk for developing CVD in both pre-and postmenopausal women. Serum free thiols were measured in a cohort consisting of healthy pre-(n = 223) and postmenopausal (n = 118) Omani women. Postmenopausal women had significantly lower levels of serum free thiols as compared to premenopausal women (762.9 ± 85.3 vs. 780 ± 80.9 µM, age-adjusted p < 0.001). Women′ s age was positively associated with serum free thiol levels in premenopausal women (β = 0.36, p = 0.002), whereas an inverse association was observed in postmenopausal women (β = −0.29, p = 0.002). Homocysteine levels were significantly inversely associated with serum free thiol levels in both pre-(β = −0.19, p = 0.005) and postmenopausal (β = −0.20, p = 0.032) women, independent from known cardiovascular risk factors. In this study, we show that postmenopausal women are affected by increased systemic oxidative stress, which independently associates with homocysteine levels.
Outcomes of neonates with listeriosis supported with extracorporeal membrane oxygenation from 1991 to 2017; Background: Listeriosis may cause severe disease in fetuses and neonates. The outcomes of critically ill neonates with early-onset listeriosis requiring extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) from 1975 to 1991 have been reported. Objective: To update the characteristics and outcomes of neonates with listeriosis supported by ECMO. Study design: Retrospective study of neonates with culture-proven listeriosis reported to the Extracorporeal Life Support Organization Registry between 1991 and 2017. Comparisons were made between this cohort and the case series from 1975–1991. Results: Twenty-two neonates had culture-proven Listeria monocytogenes infection and required ECMO support. Eight-six percent survived to discharge, compared with 67% in the previous cohort (p = 0.2). The median ECMO duration was 131 h, compared with 209 h in the previous cohort (p = 0.1). Nonsurvivors had a significantly lower pre-ECMO pH (6.91 vs 7.31, p = 0.0006). Conclusion: The survival of neonates with listeriosis supported with ECMO is high, supporting the use of ECMO as rescue therapy for this condition.
Antenatal management of singleton pregnancies conceived using assisted reproductive technology; Key content: Use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) to achieve conception is increasing worldwide, and while the majority of resulting pregnancies will have a normal outcome, not all do. Assisted conceptions are at increased risk of maternal and fetal complications – many of which may be underappreciated or indeed overappreciated by those who go on to look after pregnant women. Healthcare professionals involved in the antenatal care of women who have conceived using ART must understand the potential risks, their significance and how best to monitor them. Learning objectives: To understand the maternal complications associated with ART, including ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and venous thromboembolism. To understand the fetal complications associated with ART, including genetic and chromosomal disorders, structural abnormalities, growth restriction, stillbirth and preterm labour. To establish an evidence-based approach to the antenatal management of singleton pregnancies conceived using ART.
Vitamin D: Giveth to Those Who Needeth; Severe vitamin D deficiency may cause rickets. While this point is not disputed, the use of vitamin D in the elderly to prevent fractures has been challenged recently by a meta-analysis of 81 RCTs, suggesting that the effects of vitamin D were trivial. As is true for any review of the literature, the interpretation of a meta-analysis can be confounded by the choice of publications to include or exclude. Indeed, the authors excluded RCTs with combined vitamin D and calcium supplementation, included futile studies of very short duration, or studies with high bolus doses known to transiently increase fracture risk. The best available data show that calcium and vitamin D supplementation of elderly subjects can decrease the risk of hip and other non-vertebral fractures, especially in institutionalized subjects or elderly subjects with poor calcium and vitamin D status. Vitamin D deficiency is associated with many chronic diseases. The VIDA and VITAL trials did not show a protective effect on cardiovascular diseases and cancer. The D2d study also did not influence the progress of prediabetes to diabetes. However, the baseline 25OHD concentrations of the majority of the participants of all these trials were essentially normal. Post-hoc analysis of these studies suggest some possibly beneficial health outcomes in vitamin D deficient subjects. A meta-analysis suggested that vitamin D could partly prevent upper respiratory infections. Mendelian randomization studies suggest a causal link between lifelong low vitamin D status and multiple sclerosis. A vitamin D supplement in pregnant women may decrease maternal morbidity and improve the health of their offspring. Better-designed studies are needed to answer all outstanding questions. However, based on all available data, it seems that correction of vitamin D and/or calcium deficiency of infants, pregnant women and elderly subjects can improve their health. © 2019 The Authors. JBMR Plus published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. on behalf of American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Overview on gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus which develops during pregnancy is usually diagnosed in the 24th to 28th week of pregnancy. It is the most common complication of pregnancy and type of diabetes during pregnancy. Approximately 14% of pregnancies worldwide are affected with GDM. The women without previously diagnosed diabetes tends to develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this result due to of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction and development of insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM mainly include obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Various consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child.
Hypertension in polycystic ovary syndrome: Novel insights; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disease in women during reproductive age. It was shown that PCOS women are with high risk for dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. These factors are considered to represent traditional risk factors for the occurrence of cardiovascular disease. Observed increased risk for hypertension in PCOS women seems to be associated with insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. Both conditions interfere with the endothelium-dependent vasodilatation mechanisms causing vascular muscle wall hypertrophy. Obesity and insulin resistance are considered key factors for the alteration of blood pressure in PCOS women. Higher cardiovascular risk is implicated in PCOS with aging and its consequent association with both systolic and diastolic blood pressure. The elements of renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) have an impact on endothelial dysfunction as a marker of cardiovascular damage that could be modified is women with PCOS. Androgens and components of RAAS are involved in the process of atherogenesis in PCOS women. Therefore, it is hypothesized that spironolactone treatment could ameliorate endothelial dysfunction in PCOS women. Recently it was shown that telmisartan, angiotensin II receptor antagonist poses insulin-sensitizing capacity to activate PPAR gamma and mediate favorable metabolic and reproductive effects in hypertensive PCOS women.
Cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers; Background: Cardiac (Cd) involvement represents a great problem in newborns and infants of diabetic mother (IDMs). Objectives: To present of the main clinical aspects and the value of the echocardiography (echo) for the investigation of the Cd involvement in IDMs. Methods: Patients - 86 IDMs which were assessed in the first week of life and also at 6–12 months (44 pts), by: clinical exam, ECG, RxCT, echocardiography (Echo) ± fetal echo. Results: Clinical exam: 32 patients = systolic murmur, the other being asymptomatic or with signs for other pathology than Cd disease. ECG: LV hypertrophy (21) and disturbed ventricular repolarisation (39). RxCT: cardiomegaly (18 patients). Echo: non-obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP), septal thickness: 53 patients, persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn-PPHN (9), LV diastolic dysfunction and normal systolic function (63% patients), congenital cardiac malformations: 30% pts. Infants received 1 mg/kg spironolactone daily for 2 months, then 1 mg/kg alternating dose for 2 months. Re-evaluation of 44 pts at 6–12 months: 31patients: normal morphological cardiac aspect or significant reduction of HCMP (11), all with normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Infant of diabetic mother presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (30% of cases) and/or HCMP (63.95% patients) associated with LV diastolic dysfunction and PPHN. The study proved usefulness early cardiological screening of the IDMS, even in absence of cardiac signs, and where possible and foetal echocardiography. Postnatal Echo is the most sensitive method of non-invasive diagnosis for cardiac involvement of infant of diabetic mother, as well as for follow-up.
Birth defects in Brazil: Outcomes of a population-based study; Birth defects (BDs) are functional and structural alterations in embryonic or fetal development. With an incidence of approximately 3-5%, BDs are a leading cause of infant mortality and lifelong disability. A population-based prospective case-control study was conducted for one year with 5204 infants, between March 1st, 2011 and February 29th, 2012 in the city of São José do Rio Preto, State of São Paulo, Brazil. The incidence of BDs was 3.2% [95% confidence interval (95%CI): 2.8-3.8%]. The most common congenital anomalies were heart diseases in isolation (11.2%; 95%CI: 7.3-16.9%) followed by Down syndrome (9.5%; 95%CI: 5.9-14.8%), neural tube defects (8.9%; 95%CI: 5.4-14.1), urinary tract anomalies (7.7%; 95%CI: 4.4-12.7%), and polydactyly (7.0%; 95%CI: 4.0-12.0%). The majority of mothers with Down syndrome babies had advanced age. Family members with the same BD, maternal alcohol consumption, gestational diabetes, and previous miscarriages were the most frequent risk factors. The results were similar to published data from other countries except for the incidence of Down syndrome, which was twice as high as reported by other authors and is probably due to the high sociocultural level of the region where the current study was performed, leading to pregnancies at older maternal age.
Repeated cesarean delivery predicted a higher risk of inadequate analgesia than primary cesarean delivery: A retrospective study with propensity score match analysis; Purpose: This study aimed to compare the analgesic outcomes between primary and repeated cesarean delivery. Patients and Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis based on the medical records of a teaching hospital in China from January 2018 to March 2019. We collected data on demographic characteristics, perioperative complications, anesthesia, and surgical factors for cesarean delivery patients. We also recorded the postoperative analgesic strategy, pain intensity (assessed by the number rating scale) during the first 48 hrs after surgery, hospital cost, and hospital stay. Postoperative inadequate analgesia was defined by a score of ≥ 4 in the number rating scale. Analgesic outcomes after cesarean delivery between primi-paras and multiparas were compared using propensity score matching analysis. Moreover, subgroup logistic analysis for different age groups (≥ 35 and < 35 years) was performed to investigate the effect of the maternal category on postoperative inadequate analgesia. Results: A total of 1543 patients were included in the analysis and 571 pairs (1142 patients) were matched in the primiparas and multiparaparas group according to their propensity score. In both the non-matched and matched cohort, the incidence of inadequate analgesia in the primiparas group was lower than that in the multiparas group (16.7% vs. 24.0%, P < 0.001 and 16.1% vs. 23.5%, P = 0.002; respectively). The multiparas group was identified as being at risk of inadequate analgesia after cesarean delivery in both age groups (age ≥ 35 years, odds ratio: 2.18, 95% confidence interval: 1.20–3.95; age < 35 years, odds ratio: 1.43, 95% confidence interval 1.08–1.89). Conclusion: Multiparas that undergo a repeat cesarean delivery had a significantly higher risk of inadequate postoperative pain treatment than primiparas. The maternal category should be considered when formulating the postoperative analgesia strategy after cesarean delivery.
Comparison of scores for the classification of cardiometabolic risk in adult patients enrolled in a venezuelan program for chronic non-communicable diseases: A cross-sectional study; BACKGROUND: Several continuous measurements of cardiometabolic risk (CMR) have emerged as indexes or scores. To our knowledge, there are no published data on its application and validation in Latin America. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate four continuous measurements of metabolic status and CMR. We established its predictive capacity for four conditions associated with CMR. DESIGN AND SETTING: Cross-sectional study conducted at a healthcare center in the state of Carabobo, Venezuela. METHODS: The sample comprised 176 Venezuelan adults enrolled in a chronic disease care program. Four CMR scores were calculated: metabolic syndrome (MetS) Z-score; cardiometabolic index (ICMet); simple method for quantifying MetS (siMS) score; and siMS risk score. CMR biomarkers, proinflammatory status and glomerular function were assessed. MetS was established in accordance with a harmonized definition. RESULTS: Patients with MetS showed higher levels of all scores. All scores increased as the number of MetS components rose. The scores showed significant correlations with most CMR biomarkers, inflammation and glomerular function after adjusting for age and sex. In the entire sample, MetS Z-score, siMS score and siMS risk score showed the ability to detect MetS, reduced glycemic control, proinflammatory status and decreased estimated glomerular filtration rate. ICMet only discriminated MetS and proinflammatory state. There were some differences in the predictive capacity of the scores according to sex. CONCLUSIONS: The findings support the use of the scores assessed here. Follow-up studies should evaluate the predictive capacity of scores for cardiovascular events and diabetes in the Venezuelan population.
Differential specificities of placental pathologies and uteroplacental malperfusion in types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes; Objective. Comparative analysis of placental problems and the uteroplacental circulation in types 1 and 2 DM and gestational diabetes (GD). Patients and methods. Placental samples from 18–40-year-old women with singleton live-fetus pregnancy were examined (n = 38), of them 16 had DM1, 10 had DM2 and 12 had GD. The results of multivariable analysis were calculated taking into account such parameters as patients’ weight gain during gestation, gestational age and systolic blood pressure (SBP). Results. Women with DM1 (n = 16) as compared with patients who had either GD or DM, had a higher weight gain during gestation (DM1 vs. DM2: 27.5 ± 11.4 kg vs. 21.5 ± 12.4 kg, р = 0.3; or GD: 21.2 ± 12.8 kg, р = 0.9). Comparing HbA1c levels >6%, 6% and ≤6%, we found that at HbA1c levels ≤6% the pathomorphological signs of microinfarcts more often prevailed in placental samples (25.0 vs. 5.0%, р = 0.4), chorion villi maturation were found less often (41.7 vs. 69.7%, р = 0.3, including preeclampsia). We also found a wider prevalence of chorangiosis in patients with DM1 and DM 2 as compared with GD (GD – 32.5% vs. 55.6% in DM1, р =0.1; or DM2: 62.2%, р < 0.1). Conclusion. The severity and pathophysiological mechanisms of the development of placental vasculopathy are dependable on the type of maternal DM.
Perinatal outcome in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in rural tertiary center of Northern India: A retrospective cohort study”; Background: Hypertensive disorder of pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal, perinatal outcome. Objective: To know the perinatal outcome in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Methods: Present retrospective cohort study was conducted in the Obstetrics and Gynecology department of the rural tertiary center of Northern India over one year (January-December 2018) on 205 antenatal women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy at gestation ≥28 weeks. All the participants on the basis of diagnosis were divided into four groups: Group 1 Gestational hypertension; Group 2 Pre-eclampsia; Group 3 Eclampsia and Group 4 with Chronic Hypertension. Demographic features, gestational age, the onset of labor, mode of delivery and perinatal outcome including birthweight, Apgar scores, morbidity and mortality were recorded and compared between four groups. Statistical analysis was done using software SPSS 22.0. version. Results: Of 205 participants, 93 had Gestational Hypertension, 68 Pre-eclampsia; 36 Eclampsia, 06 Chronic Hypertension. The mean age of presentation was 24.96±3.535 years. Average gestation at birth for group 1 was 37.91±2.38 weeks, group 2: 36.50±3.312 weeks, group 3: 34.44±4.062 weeks and group 4: 37.97±1.524 weeks. The majority of participants had induced labor especially in pre-eclampsia and eclampsia groups with a spontaneous vaginal delivery as the most common mode. 1 and 5-minute Apgar scores, birth weight were lower in eclampsia and pre-eclampsia women. Severe disease was associated with the adverse perinatal outcome with maximum neonatal morbidity and mortality in eclampsia and pre-eclampsia group. Conclusion: Hence, hypertensive disorder of pregnancy was associated with adverse perinatal outcome, especially in women with severe disease (Eclampsia and Pre-eclampsia).
NAFLD at the interface of the mother-infant dyad; This review aims to focus the links existing between several aspects of the mother-child dyad in the intricate playground of obesity and Metabolic Syndrome (MetS), including its hepatic component, the Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD). In recent years human and animal model studies have shown that dietary interventions in mothers and offspring can be successful in reducing the risk of NAFLD development. Evidences also concern the new concept of a real intergenerational transmission of predisposition to metabolic disorders. Certain genes, such as SIRT1 and PNPLA3, and some epigenetic modifications, including micro RNAs function, seem to be responsible for fetal reprogramming in the setting of maternal obesity. These modifiers appear to be potential therapeutic targets to reduce the risk of future metabolic dysfunctions. Controlling antepartum hyperglycemia, preventing gestational diabetes, and avoiding excessive weight gain during pregnancy can help reduce the relentless epidemic of childhood obesity and NAFLD. Also, the composition of the intestinal microbiota seems to be related to the development of metabolic disorders in the offspring. Several studies show that breastfed infants have a microbial signature different from formula-fed infants. Much interestingly, prolonged breastfeeding is beneficial not only for the newborn and his health in adult life, but also for the mothers’ health. Maternal benefits include reducing the risk of developing chronic diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, myocardial infarction and NAFLD as well. In conclusion, all above mechanisms appear to intervene synergistically and may act as modifiable risk factors for infant and mother NAFLD.
Intermittent Use of Continuous Glucose Monitoring: Expanding the Clinical Value of CGM; In addition to the continuous use, the intermittent use of continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) is an application of CGM, expanding the typical medical use cases. There are a variety of reasons and occasions that speak in favor of using CGM only for a limited time. To date, these circumstances have not been sufficiently discussed. In this article, we define discontinuous or intermittent CGM use, provide reasons for using it, and expand on the benefits and possibilities of using CGM on a temporary basis. We aim to draw attention to this important topic in the discussion of CGM use and give examples for a different method of CGM use. As well, we would like to foster the allocation of CGM to the right patient groups and indications, especially in cases of limited resources. From a global point of view, intermittent CGM use is more likely to occur than continuous use, primarily for economic reasons.
Risk factors of respiratory diseases among neonates in neonatal intensive care unit of Qena University Hospital, Egypt; Background: Respiratory diseases in newborns are considered major causes of neonatal morbidity and mortality especially in developing countries. Its causes are diverse and require early detection and man-agement. This study aimed for detection of the prevalence and risk factors of respiratory diseases in addition to outcome among neonates admitted in neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: Our study was a prospective observational study that was undertaken at the neonatal intensive care unit of Qena University Hospital, Egypt from July 2017 to July 2018. Demographic and clinical data of newborns and their mothers were evaluated and tabulated. Results: In this period, 312 neonates were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, out of them 145 suffered respiratory diseases giving a prevalence of (46.5%), and (55.9%) were males. The mean neonatal age at admission was 4.33 ± 7.19 days and mean gestational age was 34.49 ± 3.31 weeks. The most com-mon detected respiratory diseases were respiratory distress syndrome (RDS; 49.6%), transient tachypnea of newborn (TTN; 22%), neonatal pneumonia (17.2%) and meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS; 6.21%). Premature rupture of membrane (PROM), maternal diabetes and fetal prematurity had the highest risk factors for respiratory diseases occurrence in neonates. Neonatal mortality rate was 26.2%, mainly due to hyaline membrane disease and pneumonia. Conclusion: Respiratory diseases constitute major part of total admission in neonatal intensive care unit especially RDS, TTN, pneumonia and MAS. Prematurity and maternal diabetes were the most important risk factors associated with respiratory diseases. Respiratory distress syndrome carried the highest risk of mortality and TTN carried the highest survival rate.
455: Antibiotic administration for a single isolated maternal fever in labor: who benefits?; Objective: Given the paucity of data on management of isolated maternal fever in labor, ACOG recommends consideration of antibiotics, allowing clinical discretion. We sought to assess outcomes in women with a single isolated maternal fever treated with antibiotics vs. expectant management. Study Design: This is a retrospective cohort study of laboring women with a singleton gestation at term and a single temperature between 38.0° and 38.9°C at a tertiary teaching hospital from January 1, 2015 to December 31, 2018. We used a validated, prospectively created database to identify women. Exclusion criteria were: leukocytosis > 15,000/mm3, fetal tachycardia, malodorous amniotic fluid, suspected alternate source of infection, rheumatic or renal disease, non-gestational diabetes, preterm labor, abruption, vaginal bleeding, HIV, malpresentation, and fetal anomalies. The primary outcome was postpartum fever. Secondary outcomes were treatment for postpartum endometritis, uterine atony, postpartum hemorrhage, NICU admission, 5 minute Apgar < 7, and neonatal antibiotic administration. Results were compared using descriptive statistics. Results: 359 women were identified; 85 received antibiotics and 274 did not. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. Postpartum fever rate was insignificantly lower in the antibiotic group (10.59% vs. 18.98%, p = 0.072). Significantly fewer women in the antibiotic group were treated for postpartum endometritis (3.53% vs. 11.31%, p = 0.034). NICU admission and neonatal antibiotic administration rates were twice as high in the antibiotic group (41.18% vs. 17.88%, p = < 0.001 and 36.47% vs. 12.41%, p = < 0.001). 5 minute Apgar < 7 was more common in the antibiotic group (8.25% vs. 2.19%, p = 0.016). Conclusion: While there was a lower rate of treatment for endometritis in women receiving antibiotics for a single isolated maternal fever, there was a higher rate of adverse neonatal outcomes. Further research is needed to evaluate neonatal risk or other clinical factors leading to antibiotic treatment of certain women perceived to be at higher infectious or fetal risk than others. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
938: Yale Hearts Moms Study: Cardiovascular screening in women with pregnancy hypertension 6-12 months after delivery; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. Pregnancy offers early detection for women at risk of CVD as a physiological “stress test”. Recent recommendations from the ACOG Presidential Task Force on Pregnancy and Heart Disease (May 2019) suggest that women who have a gestational complication should have a 6-12 month CVD assessment although limited data exists during this time period especially within an urban US population. Yale Hearts Moms was established to address this gap. Study Design: We performed a prospective cohort study of women who experienced a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) compared to normotensive women with no complications (non-HDP). Women underwent an assessment 6-12 months after delivery. Women were excluded if they had multiples, chronic hypertension, pre-gestational diabetes or renal disease. Our primary outcome was new onset hypertension as defined by the 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines. We also examined lipid values, metabolic syndrome, prediabetes (HbA1c >5.7%) and 30 year CVD risk. Multivariable regression was performed to assess the risk of a new diagnosis of chronic hypertension and 30 year CVD risk adjusting for demographic factors including race, age, BMI, and household income. Results: The HDP group (n = 54) was compared with a healthy control group (non-HDP) (n = 30). Baseline characteristics between groups including age, BMI, race, income and smoking were not statistically different (Table 1).There was an almost 5-fold adjusted odds of developing chronic hypertension within 6-12 months of delivery in the HDP group (57.4% aOR 4.80 (95% CI 1.47-15.65)). Two women in the non-HDP group had a HbA1c of 6.5% or higher without a pregnancy history of GDM (Table 2). The HDP group had significantly increased adjusted 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with the non-HDP group (p=0.007). Conclusion: Women with HDP have significant cardiovascular risks at 6-12 months which make them susceptible to cardiovascular disease. Follow-up and intervention at this time point may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy for the development of CVD. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
494: Risk of postpartum readmission and severe maternal morbidity in women with pre-gestational diabetes; Objective: The impact of pre-gestational diabetes on maternal health outcomes in the postpartum period is unclear. Our objective was to evaluate the risk of postpartum readmission and describe the severe maternal morbidity (SMM) associated with pre-gestational diabetes during postpartum readmission. Study Design: This was a cross-sectional analysis using the National Inpatient Sample (2007-2013). Subjects were women aged 10 to 60 years with delivery and postpartum admissions. SMM was defined per the CDC criteria; we evaluated composite SMM and each morbidity indicator separately. We compared postpartum readmission and SMM rates among women with and without pre-gestational diabetes using Chi square and logistic regression. We controlled for maternal comorbidities using a previously validated comorbidity index with the exclusion of pre-gestational diabetes itself. Results: The postpartum readmission rate without pre-gestational diabetes was 2.1% (5,605,850 deliveries and 115,094 postpartum readmissions). The rate of postpartum readmission was significantly higher in women with pre-gestational diabetes at 7.3% (52,097 deliveries and 3,791 postpartum readmissions), p < 0.05. The rate of SMM was significantly greater in women with pre-gestational diabetes, 27.0% versus 17.9% (p< 0.05). In women with pre-gestational diabetes, the unadjusted OR for SMM during readmission was 1.71 (95% CI 1.56 – 1.83). After adjusting for comorbidity index, the OR was 1.09 (95% CI 1.003 – 1.17). When each morbidity indicator was analyzed individually, women with pre-gestational diabetes had increased odds of acute myocardial infarction and aneurysm, acute renal failure, ARDS, disorders of cardiac arrest, pulmonary edema and heart failure, sepsis, shock, temporary tracheostomy and ventilation (Figure 1; p < 0.05). Conclusion: Women with pre-gestational diabetes were more likely to be readmitted postpartum and suffer from increased morbidity when a readmission occurs. These results indicate that women with pre-gestational diabetes warrant specialized counseling and follow up in the postpartum period. [Formula presented]
152: The DECIDE study: Correlating adverse neonatal outcome and biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction; Objective: N-terminal prohormone of brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is a surrogate marker for cardiac dysfunction in adults however it is not well studied in the fetus. Given that pregnancies affected by poorly controlled diabetes have a higher rate of adverse neonatal outcomes, this biochemical marker may be abnormal in utero and at birth. Primary outcome was to determine if pregnancies with adverse neonatal outcome have higher amniotic fluid NT-proBNP, cord blood NT-proBNP, and cord blood insulin levels as compared to pregnancies without adverse neonatal outcome. Study Design: Prospective cohort of singleton pregnancies with an ultrasound between 32 weeks and 36 weeks 6 days. Pregnancies with adverse composite neonatal outcome were compared to pregnancies without. Adverse neonatal outcome was defined as a composite of need for respiratory support, hypoglycemia (blood glucose < 30), 5 minute APGAR < 5, and/or hyperbilirubinemia. Fetal NT-proBNP levels measured in amniotic fluid and cord blood. Fetal insulin levels measured in cord blood. Amniotic fluid was collected at the time of rupture of membranes and cord blood was collected at delivery. These measurements were analyzed as continuous variables. Linear regression was performed controlling for maternal diabetes, betamethasone administration and gestational age. Results: A total of 36 pregnancies were analyzed, 10 with adverse neonatal outcome and 26 without. Pregnancies with diabetes had a higher risk for adverse neonatal outcome (60% with diabetes versus 4.8% without, RR 3.90 [95% CI 1.88-8.11], p=0.001). Median amniotic NTproBNP, cord blood NTproBNP and cord blood insulin were all higher for pregnancies with adverse neonatal outcome compared to pregnancies without. (Figure) After controlling for diabetes - cord blood insulin, cord blood NTproBNP, and amniotic fluid NTproBNP were all associated with adverse neonatal outcome (p=0.003, p=0.037, and p=0.047). Conclusion: Elevated levels of NT-proBNP in amniotic fluid and cord blood as well as high cord blood insulin are correlated to adverse neonatal outcome. [Formula presented]
1226: Pregnancy outcomes with specialist care after bariatric surgery; Objective: Nutrient assessment and follow-up with bariatric specialists is recommended for pregnant women with prior bariatric surgery. The rates at which pregnant women are seen by these specialists varies. We sought to identify the rate of follow-up with bariatric specialists and the impact on maternal and neonatal outcomes in pregnancy after bariatric surgery. Study Design: This was a single center, retrospective cohort study of 151 singleton pregnancies in women who became pregnant after bariatric surgery and delivered between 2005 and 2018. Women were separated into two groups based on whether they had follow-up with a specialist either during or within one year prior to pregnancy. Maternal variables, neonatal data, and additional pregnancy information was compared between these two groups using univariable and multivariable analyses. Results: Of the 151 pregnancies included in the study, 52 (34.4%) had follow-up with a bariatric specialist within 1 year or during pregnancy. There was no difference between maternal weight gain, maternal body mass index (BMI), gestational age (GA) at delivery, rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy between groups (Table 1). Women who received specialist care were younger (32.8 ± 4.5 vs 34.4 ± 4.1 years, p=0.0350), more likely to be married (69.2% vs 58.2%, p=0.009), and had surgery within the prior 18 months before pregnancy (30.8% vs 9.3%). Cesarean rates were lower in the specialist care group, although this was not statistically significant (30.8% vs 41.4%, p=0.200) (Table 1). After controlling for confounding factors, a maternal composite outcome including post-operative wound infection, venous thromboembolism, or blood transfusion was similar between groups (3.3% vs 2.1%, p=0.691), and there were no differences in neonatal outcomes including a composite neonatal outcome (aOR 0.69, 95% CI 0.25-1.90) (Table 2). Conclusion: Follow-up with a bariatric specialist during or within 1 year of pregnancy was not associated with improved maternal or neonatal outcomes, although there was a trend toward lower rates of cesarean delivery. [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
912: Chronic Hypertension in Pregnancy: Are outcomes the same in patients who require antihypertensives?; Objective: The objective of this study is to investigate differences in maternal and fetal outcomes among pregnant patients with chronic hypertension requiring antihypertensives for adequate control versus those who do not require antihypertensives. Study Design: Single-site retrospective cohort study including pregnant patients with chronic hypertension from December 2012 - December 2018. Patients were divided into two groups, those who required antihypertensives versus those who did not. The primary outcome was composite maternal morbidity which included: pregnancy loss after 20 weeks, IUGR, maternal death, maternal stroke or TIA, pulmonary edema, renal failure, hypertensive emergency, HELLP syndrome, placental abruption or delivery before 34 weeks. Secondary outcomes included neonatal outcomes and the occurrence of severe range blood pressures during pregnancy. Student t, chi square, and Kruskal-Wallis tests were used where appropriate. Adjusted odds ratios were calculated using logistic regression to account for potential confounders. Results: Our study cohort included 117 patients in the antihypertensive group and 114 in the no antihypertensive group. Requiring antihypertensives for blood pressure control was associated with the composite primary outcome (Odds ratio [OR], 3.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.66- 9.78). All individual outcomes included in the composite outcome were more common in the antihypertensive group including IUGR (OR 2.85, 95% CI: 1.01-9.21) and delivery less than 34 weeks (OR 7.17 95% CI: 2.01-38.7). Logistic regression analysis found that the association persisted even after adjustment for age, BMI, and presence of gestational diabetes. Conclusion: Current recommendations for treating hypertension in pregnancy with medications divide hypertensive patients into two unique groups. In our study, those who require antihypertensives during pregnancy more often experienced adverse outcomes than patients who did not. Future studies should focus on whether treatment/surveillance of patients on antihypertensives should differ from those who are not on antihypertensives.
489: Restoring BMP4 expression in vascular endothelial progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced vasculopathy and neural tube defects; Objective: Maternal diabetes induces neural tube defects, however, the underlying mechanism is still unclear. During mouse embryonic development, vasculogenesis initially occurs in the yolk sac, preceding neurulation. Our previous studies have demonstrated that maternal diabetes induces embryonic vasculopathy at early embryonic stage by suppressing the expression of BMP4. The present study aims to determine whether early vasculopathy accounts for late failed neural tube closure in diabetic pregnancy. Study Design: We created a transgenic mouse model by expressing the BMP4 transgene driven by the promoter of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (Flk-1). To test whether restoring BMP4 expression in Flk-1+ progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced NTDs. Results: BMP4 overexpression neutralized its down-regulation by maternal diabetes in E8.5 embryos. Maternal diabetes-induced Flk-1+ cell apoptosis, impairment of blood island formation and reduction of Flk-1+ cell number and blood vessel density were reversed by BMP4 overexpression. BMP4 overexpression in Flk-1+ progenitors significantly alleviated maternal diabetes-induced vasculopathy in early stage embryos and consequently led to amelioration of maternal diabetes-induced NTDs in late stage embryos. The BMP-Smad signaling is critical for vascular endothelial progenitor development. Bmp4 overexpression restored Smad1/5/8 phosphorylation and Smad4 expression suppressed by maternal diabetes. BMP4 overexpression rescued the expression of Id1, Id2, Id3 and Smad6 genes which are essential for proliferation and migration of endothelial progenitor cells. BMP4 overexpression inhibited maternal diabetes-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress and cell apoptosis in the developing neuroepithelium. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that BMP4 down-regulation in vascular endothelial progenitors is responsible for maternal diabetes-induced embryonic vasculopathy, and preventing vasculopathy by restoring BMP4 expression rescues neuroepithelial cells from cellular organelle stress induced by maternal diabetes leading to alleviation of NTDs in diabetic pregnancy.
92: A novel epigenetic mechanism underlying maternal diabetes-suppressed mitochondrial fusion in congenital heart disease; Objective: Maternal diabetes, induces congenital heart defects (CHDs), the most common structural birth defects in human. microRNAs (miRNA) are non-coding RNAs, which represses gene expression by degrading mRNA and/or inhibiting translation. Previous studies indicate that miRNAs are potentially involved in the pathogenesis of heart defects in diabetic pregnancy. The present study investigates the role of miR-140 in maternal diabetics-induced CHDs by examining its impact on mitochondrial dynamics. Study Design: Type 1 diabetes in mir140 heterozygous (miR-140+/-) female mice was induced by streptozotocin (STZ) injections. Nondiabetic miR-140+/- males mated with nondiabetic and diabetic miR-140+/-to generate hearts from embryonic day 12.5 (E12.5) and E17.5 embryos for biochemical assessment and morphological examination of CHDs, respectively. Cardiomyocytes isolated from E12.5 hearts were treated with normal (5 mM glucose) and high glucose (25 mM glucose). Results: miR-140 expression was significantly upregulated by maternal diabetes in vivo and high glucose in vitro. miR-140 homozygous deletion significantly reduced the CHD rate from 29.1% in Wild-type (WT) embryos to 4.4% in diabetic pregnancy. miR-140 heterozygous deletion slightly reduced the CHD incidence. Maternal diabetes suppressed mitofusin 1 (Mfn1) gene expression leading to impaired mitochondrial fusion. miR-140 targeted the Mfn1 mRNA resulting in its degradation. miR-140 homozygous deletion rescued Mfn1 expression in cardiomyocytes of E12.5 hearts exposed to maternal diabetes. Mitochondrial marker Tom20 immunofluorescence staining and mitochondrial time-lapse high resolution confocal microscopy revealed that maternal diabetes induced mitochondrial fragmentation due to mitochondrial fusion impairment in embryonic cardiomyocytes. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that miR-140 is critically involved in the pathogenesis of maternal diabetes-induced CHDs. miR-140 suppresses Mfn1 expression leading to impaired mitochondrial fusion. The miR-140-Mfn1-impaired mitochondrial fusion axis mediates the teratogenic effect of maternal diabetes.
Central hemodynamics are associated with fetal outcomes in pregnancies of advanced maternal age; Objectives: Age is a known risk factor for both maternal cardiovascular disease and adverse outcomes in pregnancy. We aimed to characterize the hemodynamic profiles in pregnancies of advanced maternal age (AMA) and correlate these with fetal outcomes. Study design: This was a prospective observational study of pregnancies undergoing antenatal testing. Maternal hemodynamics were measured non-invasively using an imaging probe at the descending aorta and the Uscom BP + arm cuff utilizing pulse pressure wave analysis. The Wilcoxon rank-sum test, Fisher's exact test, and Spearman rank correlation test were used for statistical analysis in R. Main outcome measures: Hemodynamic measurements, neonatal birthweight. Results: Twenty-one AMA and twenty-four control patients were enrolled. Mean age ± SD was 39 ± 3.22 in the AMA cohort and 28 ± 4.32 in the control cohort (p < 0.001). AMA patients were evaluated at a later gestational age (36 4/7 weeks) compared to control (34 1/7 weeks, p = 0.02). Between groups, there was no difference in BMI, race, hypertensive disease, diabetes, asthma, drug use, or indication for antenatal testing. 38% (AMA) and 37% (control) had hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. In AMA patients but not control patients, cardiac output (r = 0.52, p = 0.01), systemic vascular resistance (r = −0.53, p = 0.01), and systemic vascular resistance index (r = −0.62, p = 0.002) were significantly correlated with neonatal birthweight percentile. Conclusions: Hemodynamic alterations consistent with a low output, high resistance cardiovascular circuit were associated with lower birthweight in AMA, but not in control pregnancies.
Depressed skull fracture in a newborn post caesarean section; DCF’s (depressed skull fractures) are skull distortion similar to a ‘ping pong ball’ with incidence of 1/10 000 in western countries [1]. It can be spontaneous or traumatic Over the last twenty years, 22 cases of “spontaneous” depressed skull fractures have been reported in the literature. We report a rare case of Spontaneous DCF in a new born following a straightforward caesarean section in a 33 year old female.Easy delivery of the head was carried out by a single blade of forceps. Depressed right parietal bone noticed immediately after birth. As a part of investigation the baby had X ray and CT brain. CT brain showed right parietal bone fracture with mass effect. There was a maximal depth of 6mm, with some disruption of the right side of the coronal suture by 1.5mm. No intracranial pathology was noted. Fetal blood samples for calcium and Vit D were within normal limits.. In our case there was initially a doubt if a single blade of forceps could have been a contributory factor. But on further analysis it was concluded that as the baby was direct occipito posterior the placement of the blade would have been on the occiput rather than the parietal bone. Gold standard for DCF is CT brain with low dose protocol for infants. MRI can be done when CT shows doubtful or incidental intracranial findings. Prognosis of newborn depends on associated intracranial injury.Spontaneous fractures are rare and without further neurological consequences. Their prompt recognition in newborns is essential mainly to rule out intracranial haemorrhage and controlling clinically associated problems, such as seizures.
A systematic scoping review of clinical indications for induction of labour; Background The proportion of women undergoing induction of labour (IOL) has risen in recent decades, with significant variation within countries and between hospitals. The aim of this study was to review research supporting indications for IOL and determine which indications are supported by evidence and where knowledge gaps exist. Methods A systematic scoping review of quantitative studies of common indications for IOL. For each indication, we included systematic reviews/meta-analyses, randomised controlled trials (RCTs), cohort studies and case control studies that compared maternal and neonatal outcomes for different modes or timing of birth. Studies were identified via the databases PubMed, Maternity and Infant Care, CINAHL, EMBASE, and ClinicalTrials.gov from between April 2008 and November 2019, and also from reference lists of included studies. We identified 2554 abstracts and reviewed 300 full text articles. The quality of included studies was assessed using the RoB 2.0, the ROBINS-I and the ROBIN tool. Results 68 studies were included which related to post-term pregnancy (15), hypertension/preeclampsia (15), diabetes (9), prelabour rupture of membranes (5), twin pregnancy (5), suspected fetal compromise (4), maternal elevated body mass index (BMI) (4), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (3), suspected macrosomia (3), fetal gastroschisis (2), maternal age (2), and maternal cardiac disease (1). Available evidence supports IOL for women with post-term pregnancy, although the evidence is weak regarding the timing (41 versus 42 weeks), and for women with hypertension/preeclampsia in terms of improved maternal outcomes. For women with preterm premature rupture of membranes (24-37 weeks), highquality evidence supports expectant management rather than IOL/early birth. Evidence is weakly supportive for IOL in women with term rupture of membranes. For all other indications, there were conflicting findings and/or insufficient power to provide definitive evidence. Conclusions While for some indications, IOL is clearly recommended, a number of common indications for IOL do not have strong supporting evidence. Overall, few RCTs have evaluated the various indications for IOL. For conditions where clinical equipoise regarding timing of birth may still exist, such as suspected macrosomia and elevated BMI, researchers and funding agencies should prioritise studies of sufficient power that can provide quality evidence to guide care in these situations.
Delivery room desaturations and bradycardia in the early postnatal period of healthy term neonates–a prospective observational study; Objective: It has been suggested that desaturations and bradycardia precede acute life-threatening events (ALTE) and that ALTE is more common in the delivery room than later in life. However, frequency, duration and severity of desaturations in the first hours of life and additional risk factors have not readily been studied. Methods: Term neonates (n = 100) were monitored for the first two hours after birth by pulse oximetry. The impact of maternal and perinatal factors on the frequency and severity of desaturations (<85%) and bradycardia (<80/min) was evaluated. Results: Desaturations were detected in 30%, prolonged desaturations in 25% of infants. Desaturations were observed significantly more often in infants born by planned Cesarean section (pCs) compared to other modes of delivery (pCs 20/49; others 10/51; p =.029). Desaturations were also more frequent in infants diagnosed with neonatal infection (NI) or infants born to a mother with gestational diabetes (GDM), although not significantly. No bradycardia <80/min was detected. Conclusions: In our collective 4% of healthy term neonates had prolonged, clinically relevant desaturations in the first hours after birth. The mode of delivery and maternal risk factors may increase the risk for these events. However, our cohort was too small to detect any ALTE or SIDS and determine potential risk factors for these events. Our data lay ground for a large-scale prospective trial to investigate whether the mode of delivery could be an indication for general pulse oximetry monitoring of newborn in the delivery room.
Awareness assessment for parents of children with congenital heart diseases regarding fetal echocardiography; Background and objectives. The high recurrence rate of congenital heart disease (CHD) in siblings was the rationale for recommending fetal echocardiography. However, in a developing country like Egypt, there are limited fetal echocardiographic examinations under this category. The study was conducted to assess knowledge about fetal echocardiography amongst parents of children with CHD. Method. A questionnaire survey was conducted in a tertiary pediatric hospital from June to December 2018. The study included parents having children with CHD follow up in the outpatient clinic or admitted in the pediatric cardiology ward. The questionnaire included demographic data of parents regarding sex, age, education, and residence. It also includes a detailed inquiry about parents’ knowledge regarding the availability, safety, and value of fetal echocardiography. Results. Participants were 200 parents, mostly mothers 159 (79.5%). The median age of parents included in the study was 33.5 (29-40) years. Regarding awareness, 134 (67%) did not know any prenatal diagnostic investigation for CHD, 46 (23%) knew fetal echocardiography, and 20 (10%) named other tools. Nevertheless, 34% of parents thought they would need fetal echocardiography in a subsequent pregnancy. Although 178 (89%) of parents thought it might be a safe investigation, 33% did not think it will have additional benefits over postnatal echocardiography. The age of the patient and age of the participating parent were the only statistically significant predictors for parents knowledge on fetal echocardiography existence with p= 0.008, 95% CI=1.0391.282 and p= 0.015, 95% CI = 0.864-0.984, respectively. Conclusion. Parents of children with CHD have significant knowledge gaps regarding Fetal Echocardiography. Our findings suggest that the current parent counseling is inadequate and needs further focus, especially in developing countries, to promote parents’ understanding of the prenatal cardiac diagnosis. Data on fetal echocardiography should be clarified at the initial diagnosis of pediatric CHD.
Circulating levels of selected adipokines in women with gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes; Backgrounds: Adiponectin, adipocyte-fatty acid binding protein (A-FABP), and Wnt1 inducible signaling pathway protein-1 (WISP-1) are adipokines closely associated with insulin resistance. The aim of the study was to compare their levels in women with gestational diabetes (GDM), type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and healthy controls and determine their relation to metabolic parameters. Methods: Women with GDM, T2DM and healthy women were included in this cross-sectional study. In addition to adipokines, anthropometric, lipid parameters, markers of insulin resistance and glucose control were assessed in all participants. Results: Compared to healthy controls (n = 35) significantly lower levels of adiponectin were detected in women with GDM (n = 50), whereas in women with T2DM (n = 50) higher levels of A-FABP and WISP-1 and lower levels of adiponectin were found. Women with T2DM had also lower levels of adiponectin and higher levels of A-FABP compared to women with GDM. A-FABP and adiponectin were independently associated with levels of triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol and C-peptide insulin resistance index. WISP-1 correlated only with waist circumference. Conclusions: Adverse adipokines production reflecting dysfunctional fat tissue is less presented in women with GDM than in women with T2DM, but more expressed compared to healthy women.
Early onset diabetes in two children due to progeria, a monogenic disease of DNA repair; Progeria syndrome is a rare disorder in childhood which causes accelerated systemic aging. Due to the accelerated aging process, disorders which normally occur only in old age will appear in these children at a much younger age. We report two children with progeria syndrome, in whom fulminant diabetes mellitus manifested at a very early age.
Neonatal outcome of macrosomia; Introduction: Macrosomia is an emerging public health problem, both in the developed as well as in the developing countries. This study was aimed to examine the maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with macrosomia and compare adverse neonatal outcome between appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and macrosomia. Methods: Records of all live singleton AGA and macrosomic babies delivered at a tertiary care teaching hospital in Lalitpur, Nepal, between 14th April 2013 and 13th April 2014 were retrospectively reviewed. Results: Of the 769 deliveries, 684 neonates were eligible of which 93 were born macrosomic with an incidence of 12.1%. We observed the most significant neonatal outcome to be neonatal sepsis (14%; p = 0.005) compared to AGA babies (5.9%). Macrosomia was found to be associated with increasing maternal age and parity (p = 0.007) relative to mothers of AGA babies, most of whom underwent caesarean section (55.9%) whilst the same outcome was fewer for mothers of AGA babies (29.9%). A higher incidence of pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) as maternal comorbidity (5.4%) was associated with macrosomia contrasted with mothers of AGA babies (4.4%). Conclusion: Macrosomic birth was found to be associated with relatively higher adverse neonatal outcome, warranting prolonged hospital admission than AGA births.
Effect of sequential compression device on hemodynamic changes after spinal anesthesia for caesarean section: A randomized controlled trial; Background: The benefit of sequential compression device (SCD) for the prevention of hypotension after spinal anesthesia in cesarean sections has not been determined. Objectives: In this study, an attempt was made to determine whether SCD can prevent hemodynamic changes following spinal anesthesia for cesarean sections. Methods: In a prospective clinical trial, 76 parturient women undergoing elective cesarean sections under spinal anesthesia were randomly divided into SCD or control groups. The maternal hemodynamic changes within 75 min after spinal anesthesia, nausea, vomiting, and neonatal Apgar score at 1 and 5 min were compared between the groups. Results: There were no significant differences between the groups in the patients’ characteristics, maximum sensory block, skin incision to delivery time, spinal anesthesia to delivery time (min), and the total duration of surgery. Concerning heart rate changes, RM ANOVA showed a significant difference in the effect of time, groups, and the interaction of the two factors (P < 0.0001, P < 0.0001, and P < 0.0001, respectively). Tukey post hoc test showed that 3 min after spinal anesthesia, diastolic blood pressure was significantly higher in the SCD group than in the control group (P < 0.05). The SCD group had meaningfully lower rates of nausea (P = 0.005) and vomiting (P = 0.001) than the control group. The SCD group also demonstrated a significantly lower mean ephedrine dosage per patient (4.1 mg against 17.1 mg, P = 0.001). However, no significant difference was observed between the groups in terms of neonatal Apgar scores at 1 and 5 minutes. Conclusions: This study showed that SCD could reduce extensive changes in diastolic blood pressure as an important hemodynamic parameter and the incidence of nausea and vomiting. Thus, SCD can be used in spinal anesthesia care practices for elective cesarean sections.
Pulmonary hypertension following increased dosing of diazoxide in an infant; Diazoxide, a drug used to treat hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia (HH), is associated with pulmonary hypertension (PH), as reported by the US Food and Drug Administration. However, no report has detailed the association between diazoxide dose and PH development. We report a case of an infant with HH, subsequently complicated by diazoxide-induced PH. When diazoxide was introduced, PH did not appear initially, but it developed during increased dosing. We monitored PH via regular echocardiography examinations. PH gradually improved with tapering of the diazoxide dose and disappeared after drug discontinuation. Our case suggests a diazoxide dose threshold might induce PH. Therefore, close echocardiography examinations should accompany diazoxide treatment. (Int Heart J 2020; 61: 1084-1087).
Alterations of lipid levels may induce the insulin resistance in type two diabetes mellitus: A systemic review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is not one disorder; it represents a series of metabolic conditions related to hyperglycemia and caused by defects in hormone secretion and hormone action. Exposure to chronic hyperglycemia may result in microvascular complications in the retina (diabetic retinopathy), kidney (diabetic nephropathy), neuron (diabetic-neuropathy), skin, foot, and cardiac complications (stroke, hypertensionetc.). International Diabetes Federation estimates that 1.1 million children and adolescents aged 14-19 years have type one DM. Without interventions to halt the increase in diabetes, there will be at least 629 million people living with diabetes by 2045. In the body, white adipose tissue is the leading site for the storage of excess energy produced from the food intake in large quantities, of the development of insulin resistance (IR) and type 2 DM by the over intake of fatty acid in the body. It results in the accumulation of fatty acyl co-A (FA-CoA) within the myocytes. It leads to improper signaling of the insulin and reduces the level in the myocytes and pancreases beta cells. It combines with genetically reduces the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-γ) coactivator-1, initiates the inflammation process by the activation of the tumor necrotic factor alpha and protein kinase C. These alterations lead to further increase the intramyocellular FA-CoA and triglycerides. The sequence of events may develop mitochondrial dysfunction in the sarcolemma outer layers. Finally improves IR also with increasing intramyocellular lipids. This concept might be helpful to those who are pursuing endocrinology specialization, nursing staff, pharmacists, and other medical departments.
Clinical study of oxytocin combined with prostaglandins in preventing postpartum hemorrhage and improving delivery outcomes in high-risk pregnancy after cesarean section; Objective: To investigate the effect of oxytocin combined with prostaglandins (PGs) on preventing hemorrhage and improving delivery outcomes after cesarean section (C-section) in high-risk pregnancy. Methods: One hundred and six parturients with high risk pregnancy who underwent C-section in our hospital from September 2016 to November 2018 were selected as the research participants, among which 54 cases were treated with oxytocin alone and were selected as the control group (CG), and 52 cases that were treated with PGs in addition to the CG were selected as the observation group (OG). The therapeutic effect, blood loss, blood pressure, heart rate, treatment and recovery, occurrence of adverse reactions and recent menstruation were compared between the two groups. Results: The therapeutic effect in the OG was remarkably better than that in the CG after treatment (P<0.05). The maternal blood loss in the OG was evidently less than that in the CG during operation and postpartum (3 h, 24 h) (P<0.05). The OG showed a more significant increase in indicators such as diastolic blood pressure (DBP), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and heart rate (P<0.05) at 1 h after medication, but all of them returned to the normal stable value 3 h after medication. The OG was superior to the CG in terms of hemostasis time, hospital stay and anal exhaust time (P<0.05). The incidence of adverse reactions did not differ statistically between the two groups (P>0.05). The menstrual recovery of the OG at 2 and 6 months postpartum was better than that of the CG (P<0.05). Conclusion: Compared with oxytocin alone, the combination therapy of oxytocin and PGs is more effective in preventing hemorrhage after C-section in pregnant women with high-risk pregnancy, which can effectively reduce the intraoperative and postoperative blood loss and improve delivery outcome.
Prenatal and postnatal imaging of an intrapericardial teratoma; Intrapericardial teratomas are rare tumors arising from all three germinal layers. They are mostly benign but can lead to life-threatening complications. A 38-year-old woman with an in vitro fertilization (IVF) conception had a normal fetal anatomical survey at 20 weeks of gestation. At 32 weeks, during evaluation for decreased fetal movements and gestational diabetes, the fetus was found to have a unilateral right pleural effusion, a large pericardial effusion with an 18 × 16 × 17 mm-sized cystic intrapericardial mass and ventricular dysfunction with associated, significant, polyhydramnios. Echocardiography was suggestive of a teratoma which was confirmed by pathology after postnatal surgery. Early prenatal diagnosis and appropriate monitoring during pregnancy are important to optimize outcome, however, even though antenatal intervention may improve the outcome in cases with hydrops, in utero mortality remains high.
Comparison of carbetocin and oxytocin infusions in reducing the requirement for additional uterotonics or procedures in women at increased risk of postpartum haemorrhage after caesarean section; Introduction: Postpartum haemorrhage is a major cause of maternal mortality and morbidity, commonly due to uterine atony. Prophylactic oxytocin use during Caesarean section is recommended; patients with a high risk of postpartum haemorrhage may require additional uterotonics or procedures. Carbetocin is a long-acting analogue of oxytocin which has shown beneficial results, compared with oxytocin. This study compared the requirement for additional uterotonics or procedures between at-risk women who underwent carbetocin infusion and those who underwent oxytocin infusion. Methods: This retrospective cohort study included women at increased risk of postpartum haemorrhage after Caesarean section for various indications in a public hospital. Women who received carbetocin infusion and women who received oxytocin infusion were compared, stratified by Caesarean section timing (elective or emergency). The primary outcome was the requirement for additional uterotonic agents or procedures. Secondary outcomes included total blood loss, operating time, rate of postpartum haemorrhage, need for blood transfusion, and need for hysterectomy. Results: Of 1236 women included in the study, 752 received oxytocin first and 484 received carbetocin first. The two groups had comparable blood loss, operating time, rate of postpartum haemorrhage, requirement for additional uterotonics or procedures, need for blood transfusion, and need for hysterectomy. There was a reduction in the requirement for additional uterotonics or procedures, and in the rate of postpartum haemorrhage for women with major placenta praevia or with multiple pregnancies, following receipt of carbetocin first. Conclusion: Compared with oxytocin, carbetocin can reduce the requirement for additional uterotonics or procedures in selected high-risk patient groups.
The fetal myocardial performance index: Physiology and clinical significance; Functional assessment of the fetal cardiovascular system is an important method for monitoring its condition in health and disease. The myocardial performance index (MPI) based on the principles of heart cycle phase analysis is a new information indicator for the systolic and diastolic functions of the fetal heart. Since the introduction of MPI, its correct definition makes significant demands for a procedure to record cardiac time intervals and their reproducibility and to develop standard indicators. Application of MPI shows early and significant changes in fetal cardiac function in diseases, such as fetal growth retardation, maternal diabetes, severe heart defects, and fetofetal transfusion in monochorionic twins. Conclusion. Further studies of the sensitivity of MPI to cardiac loading conditions, its correlation with the results of tissue Doppler imaging and automated calculation will be able to use this index as an effective diagnostic tool in studying the fetal cardiovascular system in different types of obstetric pathology.
Infertility in female and male solid organ recipients – from diagnosis to treatment: An up-to-date review of the literature; Around 20% to 30% of patients after solid organ transplantation are of reproductive age. The estimated rate of infertility in this group is slightly higher than in the general population. Choosing the optimal moment for pregnancy in transplanted patients plays a pivotal role, regardless of the method of conception. The first part of this article presents an up-to-date review of the problem of infertility in female and male solid organ recipients, with special attention to the influence of specific immunosuppressive drugs on semen parameters. The second part discusses the current knowledge regarding infertility treatment and the results of assisted reproductive techniques in this specific group of patients. Despite restoring gonadal functions after transplantation, the patients should be informed about possible negative effects of medications on fertility, course of pregnancy, and the fetus. Interdisciplinary care should always be provided for infertile graft recipients, especially women, as it ensures safety both for the graft and for the potential gestation. The process of infertility diagnosis and tools used for that purpose are the same in transplanted patients as in the general population. The treatment with assisted reproductive techniques is acceptable and gives favorable results as long as patients are managed rationally, with special attention paid to prevention of iatrogenic complications.
Modern notions of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; The aimed of the study was to research of health of newborns from mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: The study included 210 pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 200 without disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, who gave birth during the period: II quarter of 2017 III quarter of 2018 in the maternity ward of the city clinical hospital No. 29 named after N.E. Bauman in Moscow. This was a prospective case-control study. Results: One of the leading problems of the early neonatal period was morpho-functional immaturity: more than half of the children from mothers with GDM were born with signs of immaturity - 115 (54.8%). In the "on insulin therapy" group, children were 5 times more likely to have cardiomyopathy than those from mothers who were on a diet. With the same frequency in the control group, and for newborns from mothers with GDM, heart defects occurred: 20 (9.5%) and 24 (12.1%), respectively (p> 0.05). The main part of them were small (valvular) heart defects: defects of the interventricular and interatrial septums (18 (8,6%) in GDM group). Conclusion: The level of health in the early neonatal period of newborns from mothers with GDM in modern conditions is determined mainly by morpho-functional impairments. The incidence of newborns from mothers who were on insulin therapy was higher than from mothers who only had a diet.
Heterozygous insulin receptor (Insr) mutation associated with neonatal hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia and familial diabetes mellitus: Case series; Mutations in the insulin receptor (INSR) gene are associated with insulin resistance and hyperglycaemia. Various autosomal dominant heterozygous INSR mutations leading to hyperinsulinemic hypoglycaemia (HH) have been described in adults and children (more than 3 years of age) but not in the neonatal period. Family 1: A small for gestational age (SGA) child born to a mother with gestational diabetes presented with persistent hypoglycaemia, was diagnosed with HH and responded well to diazoxide treatment. Diazoxide was gradually weaned and discontinued by 8 months of age. Later, the younger sibling had a similar course of illness. On genetic analysis a heterozygous INSR missense variant p.(Met1180Lys) was found in the siblings, mother and grandfather but not in the father. Family 2: A twin preterm and SGA baby presented with persistent hypoglycaemia, which was confirmed as HH. He responded to diazoxide, which was subsequently discontinued by 10 weeks of life. Genetic analysis revealed a novel heterozygous INSR missense variant p.(Arg1119Gln) in the affected twin and the mother. Family 3: An SGA child presented with diazoxide responsive HH. Diazoxide was gradually weaned and discontinued by 9 weeks of age. Genetic analysis revealed a novel heterozygous INSR p.(Arg1191Gln) variant in the proband and her father. We report, for the first time, an association of INSR mutation with neonatal HH responsive to diazoxide therapy that resolved subsequently. Our case series emphasizes the need for genetic analysis and long-term follow up of these patients.
Long-term metabolic consequences in patients with a history of gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a common metabolic complication of pregnancy. Universal guidelines on gestational diabetes have been impeded by the long-term controversies on its definition and screening strategies. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is rising all over the world, is significantly influenced by ethnicity and its rise is mainly attributed to increasing maternal obesity and age. Gestational diabetes mellitus has important long-term implications, including gestational diabetes recurrence, increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease for the mother. Gestational diabetes mellitus may be viewed as a chronic metabolic disorder that is identified in women during gestation and may provide a unique opportunity for the early identification and primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in these women. In this mini-review, the evolution of screening tests for gestational diabetes and guidelines are briefly described and metabolic and cardiovascular long-term consequences of women with a history of gestational diabetes are summarized. A summary of our own St. Mary’s Hospital-UK Research series on long-term metabolic consequences of 368 women with a history of gestational diabetes of 3 different ethnic groups and 482 control women is also included. We found that approximately 2 years following delivery, 37% of women with a history of gestational diabetes had abnormal glucose concentrations, but, most importantly, even those who were normoglycaemic, postpartum displayed metabolic abnormalities on detailed testing. Future research needs to focus on the prevention of gestational diabetes long-term complications, but also in identification of pre-pregnancy predictors and risk reduction before conception.
Relevance of the assessment of natriuretic peptide plasma concentrations in hypertensive pregnant women; Assessment of the plasma concentrations of natriuretic peptides (NPs) is widely used to diagnose and evaluate the progression of cardiac failure, and their potential as markers of preeclampsia (PE) has been examined in recent years. It has been established that plasma concentrations of NPs do not change in the course of normal pregnancy. However, elevated levels of these peptides may have a prognostic value in patients with PE. This study presents information about the relevance of NPs assessment in the evaluation of physiological pregnancy, as well as in pregnancy complicated with arterial hypertension. The most commonly examined NPs is the N-terminal fragment of the brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), and it may be prognostic marker of PE and other complications of pregnancy.
Thiol-disulfide homeostasis: An integrated approach with biochemical and clinical aspects; Dynamic thiol-disulfide homeostasis (TDH) is a new area has begun to attract more scrutiny. Dynamic TDH is reversal of thiol oxidation in proteins and represents the status of thiols (-SH) and disulfides (-S-S-). Organic compounds containing the sulfhydryl group is called thiol, composed of sulfur and hydrogen atoms. Disulfides are the most important class of dynamic, redox responsive covalent bonds build in between two thiol groups. For many years, thiol levels were analyzed by several methods. During last years, measurements of disulfide levels have been analyzed by a novel automated method, developed by Erel and Neselioglu. In this method, addition to thiol (termed as native thiol) levels, disulfide levels were also measured and sum of native thiol and disulfide levels were termed as total thiol. Therefore, TDH was begun to be understood in organism. In healthy humans, TDH is maintained within a certain range. Dysregulated dynamic TDH has been implicated several disorders with unknown etiology. A growing body of evidence has demonstrated that the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is involved in variety diseases, such as diabetes mellitus, hypertension, nonsmall cell lung cancer, familial Mediterranean fever (FMF), inflammatory bowel diseases, occupational diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. These results may elucidate some pathogenic mechanism or may be a predictor indicating diagnostic clue, prognostic marker or therapeutic sign. In conclusion, protection of the thiol-disulfide homeostasis is of great importance for the human being. Evidence achieved so far has proposed that thiol-disulfide homeostasis is an important issue needs to elucidate wholly.
Effects of individualized nutritional nursing in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus complicated with hypertensive disorder; Objective: To look into the effects of individualized nutritional nursing on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicated with hypertensive disorder complicating pregnancy (HDCP). Methods: We selected 100 pregnant women who suffered from GDM complicated with HDCP that received treatment in West China Second University Hospital, Sichuan University/West China Women’s and Children’s Hospital from April 2019 to April 2020 for the present retrospective study. The 100 selected patients were equally divided into the observation group (n = 50) and routine nursing group (n = 50). Patients in the observation group received individualized nutritional care, including combined health education, individualized nutrition and exercise prescription, psychological intervention, etc. based on different stages of gestational weeks. At the same time, patients in the routine nursing group received routine nursing care. Results: The complication rate of parturients after delivery was 28.00% in the control group, which was much higher than 8.00% in the observation group (χ2 = 4.500, P = 0.034). Besides, the amniotic fluid index of the observation group was markedly increased after nursing (P = 0.000). Total nursing satisfaction of the observation group was also substantially higher than that of control group (t = 14.324, P = 0.000). What is more, the health of the newborns was much better the observation group than that of control group (χ2 = 4.762, P = 0.029). After the intervention, blood glucose and blood pressure in the observation group were both memorably improved than those in the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Individualized nutrition nursing for pregnant women with GDM and HDCP effectively reduced complications, blood sugar and blood pressure, and accelerated the recovery of pregnant women, which are all worthy of wide application and promotion.
Insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes in children; Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is an emerging health risk in obese children and adolescents. Both environmental (lack of physical activity, excess nutritional intake, sedentary lifestyle) and genetic factors contribute to this global epidemic. The growing prevalence of T2D in youth is also associated with a consistently increased incidence of metabolic and cardiovascular complications. Insulin resistance (IR), i.e., whole-body decreased glucose uptake in response to physiological insulin levels, determines impaired glucose homeostasis and it is recognized as cardinal trigger of T2D and cardiovascular disease in both adults and children. In particular, IR and beta-cell dysfunction lead to the persistent hyperglycemia which characterizes T2D. Indeed, both pathological states influence each other and presumably play a crucial, synergistic role in the pathogenesis of T2D, although the precise mechanisms are not completely understood. However, beta-cell dysfunction and IR induce impaired glucose metabolism, thus leading to the progression to T2D. Therefore, understanding the mechanisms correlated with the decline of beta-cell function and IR is crucial in order to control, prevent, and treat T2D in youth. This review focuses on the current knowledge regarding IR and T2D in children and adolescents and showcases interesting opportunities and stimulating challenges for the development of new preventative approaches and therapeutic strategies for young patients with T2D.
High plasmatic levels of advanced glycation end products are associated with metabolic alterations and insulin resistance in preeclamptic women; Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between plasmatic levels of advanced end glycation products (AGEs) and the metabolic profile in subjects diagnosed with preeclampsia, due to the known relation of these molecules with oxidative stress and inflammation, which in turn are related with PE pathogenesis. Background: It has been reported that increased levels of AGEs are observed in patients with preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects, which was mainly associated with oxidative stress and inflammation. Besides, in women with preeclampsia, there are metabolic changes such as hyperinsulinemia, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, among others, that are associated with an exacerbated insulin resistance. Additionally, some parameters indicate the alteration of hepatic function, such as increased levels of liver enzymes. However, the relationship of levels of AGEs with altered lipidic, hepatic, and glucose metabolism parameters in preeclampsia has not been evaluated. Objective: To investigate the association between plasmatic levels of AGEs and hepatic, lipid, and metabolic profiles in women diagnosed with preeclampsia. Methods: Plasma levels of AGEs were determined by a competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) in 15 patients diagnosed with preeclampsia and 28 normoevolutive pregnant subjects (control group). Hepatic (serum creatinine, gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, aspartate transaminase, alanine transaminase, uric acid, and lactate dehydrogenase), lipid (apolipoprotein A, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoproteins, and high-density lipoproteins), and metabolic variables (glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance) were assessed. Results: Plasmatic levels of AGEs were significantly higher in patients with preeclampsia as compared with the control. A positive correlation between circulating levels of AGEs and gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase, uric acid, glucose, insulin, and HOMA-IR levels was found in patients with preeclampsia. In conclusion, circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, variables of hepatic and metabolic profile, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance. Conclusions: Circulating levels of AGEs were higher in patients with preeclampsia than those observed in healthy pregnant subjects. Besides, hepatic and metabolic profiles, particularly those related to insulin resistance, were higher in preeclampsia as compared with healthy pregnant subjects. Interestingly, there is a positive correlation between AGEs levels and insulin resistance, suggesting that excessive glycation and an impaired metabolic profile contribute to the physiopathology of preeclampsia.
A Novel and Precise Profiling Tool to Predict Gestational Diabetes; Background: There is a trend in healthcare for developing models for predictions of disease to enable early intervention and improve outcome. Instrument: We present the use of artificial intelligence algorithms that were developed by Gynisus Ltd. using mathematical algorithms. Experience: Data were retrospectively collected on pregnant women that delivered at a single institution. Hundreds of parameters were collected and found to have different importance and correlation with the likelihood to develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We highlight 3 of 29 specific parameters that were important in pregestation and in early pregnancy, which have not been previously correlated with GDM. Conclusion: This predictive tool identified parameters that are not currently being used as predictors in GDM, even before pregnancy. This tool opens the possibility of intervening on patients identified at risk for GDM and its complications. Future prospective studies are needed.
Relationships between antenatal corticosteroids and catecholamine blood pressure support in neonates: considering of maternal stress-related diseases; Healthy child development is under the influence of prenatal and perinatal exposure to stress stimuli. The aim of this study is to test the hypotheses that (1) neonates requiring catecholamine blood pressure support are more often born to mothers with stress-related cardiometabolic diseases, (2) maternal stress-related diseases are associated with more frequent requirement of maternal corticosteroid treatment and (3) antenatal steroid exposure of neonates reduces the need of postnatal catecholamine support. A retrospective cohort study was performed on a sample of 427 mature (13%), preterm (64%) and extremely preterm (23%) neonates of both sexes. Mothers at risk of preterm delivery were treated with dexamethasone. The blood pressure support in neonates was performed by intravenous treatment via umbilical or epicutaneous venous catheter with dopamine (5 ug/kg/min) or dobutamine (5 ug/kg/min) or a combination of both. The results showed a lack of association between maternal stress-related diseases and the complicated outcome of their neonates. Maternal treatment with corticosteroid dexamethasone was associated with lower frequency of catecholamine blood pressure support requirement. Catecholamine support was more needed in male infants. Thus, the occurrence of maternal cardiometabolic stress-related diseases does not appear to be related to the need of catecholamine support in the neonate. In agreement with the second hypothesis, a more frequent maternal corticosteroid treatment was associated with the presence of maternal stress-related diseases. Most importantly, the obtained results support the hypothesis on positive influence of maternal glucocorticoid administration on cardiovascular outcome of the neonate, representing an additional beneficial effect of antenatal corticosteroids.LAY SUMMARY Maternal hypertension, diabetes and obesity, which belong to cardiometabolic stress-related diseases, failed to show a negative influence on neonatal health as was determined by the need of catecholamine blood pressure support in a large sample of 427 immature and mature newborns. Since glucocorticoids are often viewed as negative agents that should be avoided, the important finding of the present study is the beneficial effect of maternal corticosteroid treatment on blood pressure stability of the neonate.
Lessons from umbilical vein varix; Umbilical vein varix is an uncommon vascular anomaly. The varix may be the initial presentation of an underlying congenital portosystemic shunt adversely affecting the fetus as we demonstrate in this case. To be able to label a varix as an isolated finding necessitates a thorough evaluation of the fetal venous system as well. Serial ultrasound of the fetus can help in detecting changes in the varix, thrombosis, growth restriction, as well as heart failure if there is another underlying venous anomaly. Early postnatal imaging is essential to exclude other associations to optimize the neonatal outcome. The prognosis is good if it is an isolated finding.
A study of epidemiology and predisposing factors of newborn Jaundice in 3200 infants; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence and risk factors of newborn jaundice. Study Design: In this retrospective study, 3200 newborns with jaundice with bilirubin level >17 mg/dl were investigated. Place and Duration of Study: The newborn department of Ghaem Hospital of Mashhad, Iran during 2007-2017. Material and Methods: A self-administered questionnaire containing maternal information, neonatal profileand laboratory parameters was completed. Results: From the 14183 neonates referred to the study center over 10 years, 3200 were hospitalized for jaundice. The most common underlying diagnoses were: idiopathic (n=1754, 66.9%), ABO incompatibility (n=279,10.6%), G6PD deficiency (n=149, 6.0%), urinary tract infection (n=101, 3.9%), Rh incompatibility (n=80, 3.1%), sepsis (n=44,1.7%), polycythemia (n=44, 1.7%). The presence of pregnancy complications (25%), history of jaundice in a previous sibling (42.9%) and history of hospitalization (32.4%) were other predisposing factors in newborns admitted with jaundice. Conclusion: The major known causes of newborn jaundice were ABO incompatibility, G6PD deficiency, urinary tract infection, Rh incompatibility, polycythemia and hypothyroidism.
The Role of circRNA-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN Axis in Fetal Birth Weight through Regulating Trophoblast Proliferation; Abnormal birth weight is the one of the major causes of adulthood diseases such as obesity, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and hypertension. Accumulating evidence has suggested that the placental trophoblast is one of the most important reasons that influence birth weight. Our previous study showed that miR-519a are correlated with low fetal birth weight through regulating trophoblast proliferation. To further clarify the detailed mechanisms on how it is regulated, we screened the placental-specific circular RNAs (circRNAs) via microarray assay. The result identified that circ-SETD2 was highly expressed in the placenta of the patients with fetal macrosomia compared with healthy donors. Furthermore, bioinformatic analyses and the luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-519a possessing the binding sites for both circ-SETD2 and phosphate and tensin homolog was deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN). Interestingly, upregulation of circ-SETD2 enhanced the proliferation and invasion of the human trophoblast-like cell line HTR8/SVneo cell. A parallel study performed by Western blotting showed that overexpression of circ-SETD2 reduced miR-519a levels and increased PTEN levels in HTR8/SVneo cells. Importantly, the enhancement of HTR8/SVneo cell activity by circ-SETD2 overexpression was nullified when the cells were cotransfected by circ-SETD2 and miR-519a, suggesting the involvement of the circ-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN axis in trophoblast activity. Taken together, we illustrate the role of circ-SETD2, as an upstream signaling of miR-519a/PTEN, in placenta development via regulating trophoblast proliferation and invasion. These findings improve our understanding of the mechanisms of progression of fetal macrosomia and will guide future development of therapeutic strategies against the disease by targeting the circ-SETD2/miR-519a/PTEN axis.
The association between serum galectin-3 level and its placental production in patients with preeclampsia; Galectin-3 is b-galactoside-binding lectin, used in cardiology as a biomarker of heart failure. Available research suggest galectin-3 may play a role in the development of preeclampsia. Seventy seven women were included in the study: 39 with preeclampsia and 38 with uncomplicated pregnancy. Patients underwent blood sample analysis (galectin-3, N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt-1), placental growth factor (PlGF), cystatin C, creatinine) and echocardiographic examination. After delivery, placental tissue samples were obtained for immunohistochemistry evaluation. In patients with preeclampsia, serum galectin-3 levels (11.8 versus 9.5 ng/ml; p = 0.004) and galectin-3 expression in placental tissue (immunoreactive score (IRS) in extravillous trophoblasts: 9 versus 5; p = 0.002; in syncytiotrophoblasts: 6 versus 2, p < 0.001) were significantly higher than in the control group. Serum NT-proBNP and sFlt-1 levels, sFlt-1/PlGF ratio, serum creatinine and cystatin C levels were significantly higher, whereas serum PlGF levels and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were significantly lower in preeclamptic patients than in uncomplicated pregnancy. On echocardiography, preeclamptic women had significantly greater thickness of interventricular septum (IVS) and left ventricle posterior wall (PW) and significantly worse left ventricle diastolic function (higher E/e’ values). Serum galectin-3 level did not correlate with any other biochemical parameters, as well as the vast majority of echocardiographic parameters. Significant correlation between serum galectin-3 and its placental expression in syncytiotrophoblasts (STB) was revealed. Renal function parameters and NT-proBNP correlated with antiangiogenic state. This study demonstrated increased serum galectin-3 levels and placental galectin-3 production in preeclamptic patients, in comparison to women with uncomplicated pregnancy. Myocardial dysfunction and worse renal function parameters in patients with preeclampsia were not related to galectin-3. The main source of galectin-3 in maternal blood was its placental production. In the development of preeclampsia, galectin-3 may act as a compensatory mechanism to impaired placentation in early pregnancy.
Congenital diaphragmatic hernia: Postnatal predictors of mortality; Congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) prevalence is low while its associated morbidity and mortality rates are high. Postnatal prognostic factors on the first day of life are useful for predicting the outcome. Objectives. To determine the mortality predictive ability of postnatal echocardiographic, clinical, and biochemical factors among newborn infants with CDH in their first day of life. Method. Observational analytical study of a retrospective cohort. Patients with CDH were consecutively included between March 2012 and November 2018. On the first day of life, analyzed predictors were the oxygenation index (OI), the highest partial pressure of carbon dioxide (pCO2) level in blood, the SNAPPE II severity score, the echocardiography, and the N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) value. Results. The population consisted of 178 patients with CDH. Survival was 75 %. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was used in 24 %. The early onset of systemic or suprasystemic pulmonary hypertension showed no predictive ability (OR: 2.2, 95 % CI: 0.8-8), p = 0.1. NT-proBNP did not show good discrimination either (area under the curve [AUC]: 0.46, p= 0.67). The OI, SNAPPE II score, and the highest pCO2 level showed adequate discrimination power, AUC for OI: 0.82, AUC for SNAPPE II: 0.86, and AUC for pCO2: 0.75, p < 0.001. Conclusion. The SNAPPE II score, the OI, and the highest pCO2 level measured on the first day of life, showed a good predictive ability in terms of the course of the disease; the SNAPPE II score was better than the OI and the highest pCO2 level.
Survival of both twins in a pregnancy complicated by pre-viable cord prolapse at 21 weeks of gestation; Umbilical cord prolapse is rare but a very serious obstetric emergency. Its incidence has declined over time and significant advances in its management have improved perinatal outcome. A 38-year-old woman (gravida 3, para 0) conceived a dichorionic twin pregnancy through in vitro fertilization presented at 21 weeks of gestation with premature rupture of membrane of the presenting twin. At 21+4 weeks' gestation, cord prolapse of the presenting twin into the vagina was identified by ultrasound. Parents chose conservative management, and planned cesarean section was done at 27+4 weeks. Our case demonstrates that conservative management with measures to reduce the risks of infection and a planned delivery can result in positive outcomes even in cases where the cord prolapse occurs prior to viability.
Stem cells: An exciting avenue for diabetes mellitus; Diabetes is a group of chronic metabolic diseases in which blood sugar levels are increased. There are different types of diabetes i.e., type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and other specific type (monogenic diabetes). The prevalence of diabetes is increasing glob-ally with more socioeconomic consequences; therefore, high blood sugar creates the symptoms of frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Untreated, diabetes causes many complications; acute complications include diabetic ketoacidosis, serious complications include heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and retinopathy. In diabetic condition the pancreas do not produce enough amount of insulin, or the pancreatic cells do not respond properly to the insulin produced by the body. There are many pharmacological treatments available for the management of hyperglycemia, but recently there are advance treatments available like stem cells therapy, gene therapy, diabetes vaccine etc. Stem cell therapy is one of the emerging treatments for diabetes. Stem cells help in pancreatic regeneration, also increase the functioning of β-cells, angiogenesis, and immunomodulation and hence maintain normal blood sugar level in diabetics.
Assessment of risk factors of cardiovascular diseases and arterial stiffness in women of different ages; Objective: a comprehensive study of the prevalence and structure of risk factors (RF) for cardiovascular diseases (CVD), daily changes in central aortic pressure and arterial stiffness in healthy women of different age groups. Materials and methods: the study involved 161 women aged 18 to 65 years with one or more CVD RFs. All volunteers filled in a questionnaire and underwent daily monitoring of blood pressure with determination of arterial stiffness and daily changes in central aortic pressure, determination of carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity and vascular stiffness using volume sphygmography. Results: the patients were divided into 3 groups: group 1: 52 women of young age from 18 to 30 years (23.8 ± 5.3 years); group 2: 54 women from 31 years to menopause (41 ± 5.9 years); group 3: 55 women in the postmenopausal period (55.4 ± 5.8 years). High prevalence of modifiable CVD RFs was revealed among women of different ages: smoking, non-compliance with dietary recommendations, lack of physical activity. Obstetric and gynecological disorders prevailed in younger age groups. In group 1, the studied indicators corresponded to normal across most parameters. Significant differences in central and peripheral pressure, arterial stiffness parameters, with the exception of carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPRV), were revealed in group 2 in comparison with young women. A comparative analysis of groups 2 and 3 showed a significant deterioration in the parameters characterizing the degree of arterial stiffness, the contribution of the reflected wave and the associated dysfunction of the left ventricle. Conclusion: a comprehensive examination of arterial stiffness allows to identify subclinical changes in the vascular wall and evaluate their progression in women of different age groups.
Association of Maternal Diabetes Mellitus and Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 Gene in Children with Congenital Heart Disease: A Single Centre-Based Case-Control Study; Background. Congenital heart disease (CHD) is one of the most common birth defects among newborns, accounting for a large proportion of infant mortality worldwide. However, the mechanisms remain largely undefinable. This study aimed to investigate the association of CHD in offspring of mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of NKX2.5. Methods and Results. A case-control study of 620 mothers of CHD patients and 620 mothers of healthy children admitted to Hunan Children's Hospital from November 2017 to December 2019 was conducted. We collected the mothers' information by questionnaire and detected children's NKX2.5 variants with a MassARRAY system. The interaction coefficient (γ) was used to quantify the estimated gene-environment interactions. Univariate and multivariate analyses both showed that the infants had a higher risk of CHD if their mothers had a history of DM, including gestational DM (GDM) during this pregnancy (adjusted odds ratio [aOR=4.98]), GDM in previous pregnancies (aOR=4.30), and pregestational DM (PGDM) in the 3 months before this pregnancy (aOR=6.78). Polymorphisms of the NKX2.5 gene at rs11802669 (C/C vs. T/T: AOR=4.97; C/T vs. T/T: AOR=2.15) and rs2277923 (T/T vs. C/C, aOR=1.74; T/C vs. C/C, aOR=1.61) were significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring. In addition, significant interactions between maternal DM and NKX2.5 genetic variants at rs11802669 (aOR=8.12) and rs2277923 (aOR=17.72) affecting the development of CHD were found. Conclusions. These results suggest that maternal DM, NKX2.5 genetic variants, and their interactions are significantly associated with the risk of CHD in offspring.
Importance of postpartum reclassification of gestational diabetes for the prevention of medium- and long-term complications; Women with a history of gestational diabetes have a high risk of persisting with carbohydrate metabolism abnormalities after delivery. Different factors have been identified as increasing this risk and at the same time justified the greater probability of developing a cardiovascular disease. Although there are recommendations for the reclassification, a significant proportion of these women are not studied. In addition, the way and frequency with which they should be evaluated are subject of discussion. On the other hand, different studies have shown that the development of DM2 can be postponed or avoided by changes in lifestyle and / or pharmacological treatment, which poses challenges in clinical practice.
013 Maternal Diabetes Impairs Foetal Atrial Function; Background: Maternal Diabetes Mellitus (DM) affects the size and function of multiple systems in the foetus. However, little is known about its effects on foetal cardiac anatomy and function. Aims: We sought to determine the independent impact of maternal diabetes on foetal cardiac size and function. Methods: We prospectively recruited mothers with and without DM (healthy control) at the mandated 24-week foetal morphology scan. Scans were optimized for chamber quantification and strain analysis. left atrial area (LAA), LA strain (LAS), and global longitudinal ventricular strain (GLS) were evaluated by 2 blinded operators. Two separate models were constructed to evaluate the determinants of LAA and LAS. Results: After excluding 9 with poor image quality, 104 with maternal DM and 47 controls were scanned. The mothers were well matched for age, blood pressure, smoking prevalence, and gestational age. Foetal heart rate was significantly higher in DM (147±10 bpm vs 144±8, p=0.04). Foetal LAA tended to larger size in DM (1.68±0.4 cm2 vs 1.56±0.4, p =0.08). GLS was similar between the groups. Foetal LAS was lower in DM (28.8±8.8% vs 33.3±10.4, p=0.007). LAS was independently associated with DM (beta -4.2, p=0.02) after adjusting for GLS, gestational age, and foetal heart rate. Similarly, LAA was independently associated with foetal weight (beta 0.007, p<0.001) and showed a trend towards larger LAA in maternal DM (beta 0.10, p=0.09). Conclusion: Maternal DM independently impaired foetal LA function, however, the impact on LA size was borderline significant.
152 Pregnancy Success Following Cardiac Transplantation; Background: Successful pregnancy is achievable in cardiac transplant recipients. Published pregnancy outcomes are limited. Case Series Presentation: We report the first Australian case series. Pregnancies were managed with joint care between a single centre for maternal cardiology and single transplant service. We describe 5 successful pregnancies in 3 cardiac transplant recipients between 2015-2018, median age: 27 yrs. (range 23-38 yrs.). All patients were temporarily managed with modified immunosuppressant regimens including Tacrolimus and Azathioprine with co-ordinated care involving both transplant and maternal medicine teams. Only one patient was on prednisolone. Tacrolimus levels and echocardiography were monitored throughout. Median time from transplantation to pregnancy was 5yrs. (range 2-14yrs.). All patients had normal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF ≥55%) prior to pregnancy. There was no graft rejection and no deterioration in left ventricular function during pregnancy. Gestational diabetes occurred in three pregnancies and cholestasis in one. Pre-eclampsia did not occur. All pregnancies progressed to live births with APGAR scores of 9+9. Delivery occurred at 37 weeks (range 35+4-40+5 days). Mean birth weight was 3067g (range 2236-3850g). 1 infant had jaundice requiring phototherapy. Both pregnancies in one mother were complicated by post-partum haemorrhage. Tacrolimus dose increased during all pregnancies to maintain therapeutic targets. Discussion: Pregnancy in transplant recipients confers risk to the mother and foetus. Pre-conception counselling, immunosuppressant tailoring and careful ongoing monitoring are paramount to avoid rejection and complications secondary to some immunosuppressant and cardiac medications. Successful pregnancy outcomes are achievable in cardiac transplant recipients with co-ordinated specialist multidisciplinary care.
672 No Suggestion of Cardiac Hypertrophy or Dysfunction in Infants Born to Mothers With Gestational Diabetes; Background: Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes (GDM) are known to be at greater long-term risk of cardiovascular disease and have been observed to exhibit a cardiac phenotype similar to that of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with associated systolic and diastolic function. The available literature concerning diabetes-associated neonatal cardiomyopathy has a heterogeneity of methodology and inconsistently reports clinically-significant cardiac dysfunction in these infants. Methods: Mothers were recruited antenatally or post-birth. Inclusion criteria were singleton, term pregnancies with no identified fetal chromosomal abnormality. Focussed cardiac ultrasound was performed on neonates within 72hrs of birth. Results: 157 neonates were included (infant of GDM mother n=79, 50%). The mean age of mothers was 29.93±4.98 years old and 50% were nulliparous. Maternal and neonatal characteristics were similar. No neonates demonstrated any clinical or ultrasound markers of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and indexed septal and left ventricular posterior wall thicknesses (in both systole and diastole) were similar between groups. Tricuspid and mitral valve inflow velocities were also similar. Additionally, both groups of neonates had similar LV shortening fraction, LV ejection fraction, and tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE). The myocardial performance index (Tei index) demonstrated adequate global cardiac function in both groups. Conclusion: Reassuringly, there is no suggestion of significant cardiac dysfunction or hypertrophy in this population neonates born to mothers with GDM. A referral to tertiary cardiac services should only be made when there is valid suspicion for congenital heart disease.
Effects of metabolic syndrome on intestinal flora, inflammatory factors, and infants of pregnant patients; Background: To explore the effects of metabolic syndrome (MS) on intestinal flora, inflammatory factors and in-fants of pregnant patients. Methods: A total of 62 pregnant patients with MS in our hospital from March 2016 to February 2017 were ran-domly selected as the case group, while 62 pregnant women without MS in our hospital during the same period were selected as the control group. The general clinical conditions, anthropometric parameters [height, weight, body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, hip circumference, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), blood pressure and body fat content], laboratory test indexes [fasting blood glucose (FBG), fasting insulin (FINS), glycated hemoglo-bin A1c (HbA1c), homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride (TG), total choles-terol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), serum C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6) and intestinal flora], and infant outcomes were compared between the two groups. Results: In the case group, the mean gestational age was higher, and the proportions of subjects with a family his-tory of diabetes, a family history of cardiovascular disease, and a history of cesarean delivery were greater than those in the control group (p < 0.05). In the case group, the BMI, waist circumference, WHR, body fat content, and mean systolic pressure were higher and larger than those in control group (p < 0.05). The case group had higher levels of FBG, HbA1c, FINS, HOMA-IR, TC, TG, HDL-C, LDL-C, serum CRP, and IL-6 than the control group (p < 0.05). In the case group, the levels of Enterobacteria and Saccharomycetes were higher (p < 0.05), while the levels of Bifidobacteria, Lactobacilli, and Bacteroidetes were lower than those in the control group (p < 0.05). The newborn birth weight was larger in the case group than that in the control group (p < 0.05), and the incidence rates of fetal macrosomia, hyperbilirubinemia, fetal distress, and meconium aspiration syndrome were higher in the case group than those in the control group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Pregnant women with MS have a higher risk of imbalance of intestinal flora, mild inflammatory re-sponse and glucolipid metabolism disorder.
Risk factors for transposition of the great arteries in Saudi population; Objectives: To assess potential risk factors and their effect on the development of transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods: A retrospective case-control study of all patients diagnosed with TGA between 1999 to 2016 at King Abdulaziz Medical City, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Age and gender-matched controls were selected. Risk factors, including consanguinity, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital heart disease, parental age, and maternal parity, were collected. Regression modeling was used to analyze the effects of risk factors on the development of TGA. Results: A total of 206 patients with transposition of the great arteries were enrolled in the study. Transposition of the great arteries cases were divided into simple and complex TGA. Selected healthy controls were 446. In the studied cases, consanguinity was found in 95 (46%) of cases, gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 36 (17.5%) mothers, and 35 (17%) had a confirmed family history of congenital heart disease. When risk factors of the cases were compared to the controls, consanguinity, gestational diabetes, maternal age, and parity were found to significantly increase the incidence of TGA. Conclusion: Our study revealed significant risk factors for the development of transposition of great arteries including first degree consanguineous marriages, gestational diabetes, family history of congenital cardiac anomalies, and increasing maternal age and parity. These factors increased the risk by at least 2 folds.
Brain damages in infants of the first year of life born to women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The objective of the study was to optimize the diagnostics and prognosis of the course of brain damages in infants born to women with gestational diabetes mellitus. We have examined 50 newborns born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (the main group) and 17 healthy newborns born to women with physiological course of pregnancy and delivery (the control group). Prospective monitoring of infants has been carried out during the first year of life. All children in the main group had perinatal affection of the central nervous system, persisting in 42.0 per cent of cases by the end of the year. Diabetic fetopathy was diagnosed in 54.0 per cent of newborns. Neurosonography and Doppler sonography of brain vessels were performed over time during the first year of life. The level of neuron-specific enolase, insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1, endothelin-1 was determined by enzyme multiple immunoassay, the content of nitric oxide metabolites - by colorimetric method. Determination of biochemical indicators was carried out at birth, at the age of 1 and 3 months. High values of neuron-specific enolase, insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1, endothelin-1, decrease of nitric oxide metabolites, brain blood flow idisorder in all children of the main group in comparison with the control data have been established. Conclusions: In infants born to women with gestational diabetes mellitus, the development of perinatal central nervous system affections and diabetic fetopathy is due to impaired regulation of carbohydrate metabolism and endothelial dysfunction. Pathogenetic mechanisms of brain damages formation have been specified, prognostic criteria of neurological symptomatology preservation by the end of the first year of life have been developed.
Use of therapeutic hypothermia in sudden unexpected postnatal collapse: A retrospective study; Introduction: Sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse is a rare event with potentially dramatic consequences. Intervention approaches are limited, but hypothermia has been considered after postnatal collapse. The aim of this study was to analyse sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse cases that underwent therapeutic hypothermia in the five Portuguese hypothermia centres. Material and Methods: In this multicentre, retrospective and descriptive study, clinical, ultrasonography, amplitude-integrated electroencephalography and brain magnetic resonance findings of newborns with postnatal collapse that underwent therapeutic hypothermia are reported (2010 - 2018). Statistical analysis was performed by using IBM SPSS Statistics version 21. Results: Twenty-two cases of sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse were referred for therapeutic hypothermia (82% outborn), all ≥ 36 weeks, with Apgar 5´ ≥ 8. Collapse occurred during the first two hours in 73% (all < 24 hours), 50% during skin-to-skin care, 55% related to feeding and 23% during co-bedding. Moderate-severe encephalopathy and severe acidosis were observed (median: Thompson score 16, pH 6.90, base deficit 22 mmol/L). Amplitude-integrated electroencephalogram was abnormal in 95% and magnetic resonance imaging showed severe brain injury in 46%. The mortality rate was 50%. A possible cause was identified in 27%. Discussion: The incidence rate of 2.7 sudden cases of postnatal collapse per 100 000 births, is possibly under-estimated. All infants suffered the collapse in the first day, mostly within the first two hours, as reported before. Possible causes were identified in less than a third of cases, but multiple predisposing conditions were identified, suggesting that prevention may be possible. Newborn positioning and skin-to-skin care have been the most discussed practices. A significant proportion of infants had poor outcomes. Lower Thompson score, electroencephalogram amplitude normalization and normal magnetic resonance imaging seemed to indicate better outcomes. Although conclusive trials on therapeutic hypothermia after postnatal collapse are not available, its use has been considered individually. No severe adverse effects directly related to hypothermia were registered in this study, but the results do not allow drawing meaningful conclusions. Conclusion: In our national sample of 22 infants who suffered sudden and unexpected postnatal collapse and underwent therapeutic hypothermia, a significant proportion had poor outcomes. Absolute conclusions from our experience with hypothermia in postnatal collapse cannot be drawn, but systematic reporting of cases and long-term clinical evaluation would facilitate understanding of the real benefits of hypothermia. As this procedure has not been validated with clinical trials for this indication, its use should be considered on a case-by-case approach. The potentially avoidable nature of unexpected postnatal collapse is evident from its association with certain behaviours and risk factors. Surveillance practices during the first hours should be implemented, whilst the benefits of breastfeeding and skin-to-skin care should continue to be widely promoted.
Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension unmasked by pregnancy; A 31-year old woman presented to the acute medical unit 9 days post-partum with shortness of breath and peripheral oedema. Initially suspected to have either a pulmonary embolism or post-partum cardiomyopathy, she proceeded to have imaging including a CT Pulmonary angiogram and echocardiogram, which were suggestive of pulmonary hypertension and severe right heart failure. Her history and other investigations did not reveal any obvious cause for this. She was transferred to a specialist centre where she was diagnosed with Idiopathic Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension (IPAH), previously known as primary pulmonary hypertension. Shortness of breath during pregnancy and in the postpartum period is a relatively common acute medical presentation. Whilst IPAH is a rare diagnosis, it carries a high mortality rate, particularly in pregnancy, and requires prompt specialist investigation, diagnosis and management.
Pregnancy Complications as a Window to Future Cardiovascular Disease; Pregnancy is a time of significant hemodynamic, metabolic, and hormonal stress that can unmask underlying subclinical cardiovascular abnormalities, and pregnancy-related complications may serve as early warning signs for future risk of cardiovascular disease. The increased recognition of these sex-specific risk factors could identify women who may benefit from more intensive risk factor modification to reduce morbidity and mortality later in life. In this review, we describe several pregnancy-related complications that have been associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and pregnancy loss. Pregnancy-associated risk factors must be identified to fully assess a woman’s future cardiovascular risk and may influence strategies for risk reduction.
Echocardiographic Assessment of Left Ventricle Diastolic Function in Normal Pregnancy Before and After Delivery; Background: Assessment of diastolic function during late pregnancy and early delivery is not addressed well in literature. However, it is important as it could predict heart failure in cases of preserved ejection fraction. Aim of the work: the current study aimed to assess the diastolic cardiac function in the late normal pregnancy (third trimester) and early after delivery (within one week). Methodology: 221 women with normal singleton pregnancy were included. The study carriedout from January 2018 to January 2020 in a tertiary care hospital. All women received standard antenatal care, and their age, body mass index, parity, past history of chronic medical diseases, duration of pregnancy, mode of delivery, fetal weight, blood loss during delivery need for blood transfusion and maternal mortality were recorded. All had an echocardiography examination during the third trimester and within one week after delivery. Results: the women age ranged between 24 and 36 years. The majority of them had normal body mass index and para 2 were prevalent (54.3%). Past history of hypothyroidism was recorded for 4.5%, asthma for 1.8%, renal disease for 1.4% and connective tissue disease for 0.9%. The history of gestational hypertension was reported among 3.2%, chronic hypertension 1.8%, preeclampsia 1.4%, gestational diabetes 4.1% and abnormal placentation 3.6%. Preterm labor was reported among 3.6%. The fetal birth weight ranged between 2.50 to 3.52 kg. The normal vaginal mode of delivery was the prevalent(73.3%). No woman need blood transfusion and maternal mortality was absent. There was significant increase of left ventricle dimensions and mitral valve velocities after delivery than during gestation, while E/A ratio, EDT, and E’ were significantly decreased after delivery. Blood pressure was significantly increased after delivery whileheart rate and left ventricle ejection fractions showed non-significant difference. No woman had diastolic dysfunction. Changes in left ventricle diastolic functions remains in normal levels during gestation and after delivery. Conclusion: Normal pregnancy is associated with normal cardiac diastolic function during late pregnancy and early after delivery. This is valuable for prediction of heart failure during this critical period. The routine echocardiographic evaluation of cardiac function during the peripartum period is advocated.
The comparison of GDM therapeutic methods between positive and negative anti TPO patients; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance due to insulin resistance during pregnancy. This metabolic disorder includes 8.3% of pregnancies worldwide. Thyroid gland autoantibodies can induce insulin resistance probably because of inflammatory cytokines production. However, a distinct mechanism of this phenomenon has not well understood. Objectives: Regarding the high prevalence of GDM which concerns the mother and fetus health, this study aimed to compare the therapeutic methods frequency in GDM patients with or without anti-thyroperoxidase (TPO) autoantibodies. Methods: One hundred and two GDM patients aged between 20-30 years, with (n=52) or without (n=50) anti-TPO antibodies were enrolled in this experimental study. Overt hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism, creatinine>1.4 mg/dl, Congestive Heart Failure, liver diseases, and diabetes history were considered as exclusion criteria. Insulin administration was performed in patients with fasting blood glucose (FBS)>105 mg/dl. Other patients regarding the blood glucose level were treated by metformin or diet. All patients were followed up for one week. Results: Patients were divided into anti-TPO (+) and anti-TPO (-) groups with the average age of 25.52±3.35 and 26.28±3.53, respectively. Significant differences were observed in FBS, 1hour BS and 2 hour BS levels between groups (p=0.003, p=0.041 and p=0.007 for FBS, 1 hour BS and 2 hour BS, respectively). Based on therapeutic methods, significant differences were observed in insulin (p=0.026) and diet (p=0.03) therapy. Conclusion: Our data showed that the presence of anti-TPO antibody is correlated with GDM severity, indicating the importance of thyroid gland function on feto-maternal health status.
Maternal-Fetal Contributors to Insulin Resistance Syndrome in Youth; The life course approach to chronic diseases considers fetal life a critical period for the development of later, adult chronic diseases. Numerous studies have linked growth restriction in utero, as marked by low birth weight or thinness at birth, with an increased risk for the metabolic syndrome (MetS), insulin resistance (IR), poor glucose tolerance and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and indicators of early cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adulthood. The effects were strong and greatly enhanced by the presence of adult obesity. These findings were linked to poor fetal nutrition during intrauterine life and constitute the basis for “the thrifty phenotype” hypothesis. At the other end of the birth weight distribution, macrosomic infants of women with diabetes during pregnancy are a group exposed to overnutrition during the intrauterine life. They have also been shown to have an increased risk for obesity and T2DM as adults.
Early Childhood Contributions to Insulin Resistance; This chapter reviews what has been learnt about how pathways from smaller size at birth through rapid infancy weight gain lead to future disease risk. The association between low birth weight and increased risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D), in particular, is often only evident after allowing for larger current body size, implying a dependence on the transition from smaller size at birth to overweight or obesity in adulthood. The link between T2D risk and the transition from smaller size at birth to larger childhood size has been attributed to the development of insulin resistance.
Retinoic acid attenuates cardiac injury induced by hyperglycemia in pre-and post-delivery mice; The aim of the present study is to explore the effect of retinoic acid (RA) on cardiac injury induced by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM mice were given 3 mg/kg RA once daily until the 19th day of pregnancy or the 7th day of post-partum. Compared to normal control and normal pregnant control mice, GDM mice before and after delivery showed significantly cardiac injury. RA treatment attenuated cardiac injury as evidenced by decreased heart mass and left ventricular mass, mRNA expressions of ANP and BNP, and cardiac fibrosis compared with that in GDM mice. The protective effect of RA on GDM cardiomyopathy was related to the decreased MDA content and ROS generation, the increased GSH-Px and SOD content as well as the reduced TNF-α and IL-1β content and inhibition of NF-κB signaling. In addition, RA treatment delayed the continuous rise of blood glucose before delivery and decreased the higher level of glucose after delivery. In conclusion, RA treatment could increase the activity of the antioxidant enzyme and suppress the oxidative stress, inflammation response, and activation of NF-κB signaling, thereby improving blood glucose level and cardiac injury of GDM mice before and after delivery.
The association between low birth weight and mothers diseases in Iran: A case-control study; BACKGROUND: Neonates are too vulnerable that low birth weight (LBW) and preterm birth can easily threaten their lives. Demographic, social and environmental factors as well as health care are contributing factors for LBW. The study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran to investigate the association between LBW and mother's diseases. METHODS: A case-control study was conducted in 10 provinces of Iran on 2580 mothers (712 cases and 1868 controls) referred to public health care centers. We used a questionnaire to collect data. For univariate analysis we used chi-square test and for multivariable analysis we used logistic regression model. RESULTS: LBW was significantly associated with living in rural area (OR = 1.4 CI: 1.14-1.71), having body mass index (BMI)<18 (OR = 1.48 CI: 1.14-1.92), being a housewife (OR = 1.65 CI: 1.07-2.53), having high blood pressure (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.26-2.88), and having pregnancy without testing for diabetes (OR = 1.91 CI: 1.44-2.54). Minor thalassemia, hypothyroidism, oral health care and headache were not significant predictors for LBW. CONCLUSION: In this study, we observed that place of residence, BMI before pregnancy, mother's occupation and gestational diabetes were significant predictors of LBW. It is necessary to improve women's awareness about prenatal health care before pregnancy to avoid LBW.
Associations between maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and neonatal neurobehavior in infants born before 30 weeks gestation; Purpose of study The rate of pre-pregnancy obesity has steadily increased, increasing the risk for preterm delivery, gesta-tional diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and cesarean sections. Elevated pre-pregnancy weight has also been linked to poor long-term child neurodevelopmental outcomes such as decreased cognitive performance, behavioral and emotional difficulties, and ADHD symptoms. The purpose of our study is to examine the relationship between maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and short-term neonatal neurobehavior in infants born <30 weeks post-menstrual age. Methods used The Neonatal Neurobehavior and Outcomes in Very Preterm Infants (NOVI) study recruited at 9 NICUs affiliated with 6 universities participating in the VermontOxford Network. The NICU Network Neurobehavioral Scale (NNNS) was used to assess neurobehavior at discharge. Summary of results 709 infants enrolled in NOVI and 664 had completed neurobehavioral assessments and medical data. Of those 227 (34.2%) infants were born to mothers with pre-pregnancy obesity (BMI >30). In unadjusted analyses, stress abstinence and non-optimal reflexes on the NNNS were higher in infants born to mother with pre-pregnancy obesity. Generalized estimating equations examined the associations of pre-pregnancy obesity with NNNS summary scores adjusting for maternal minority race or ethnicity, gestational diabetes, maternal hypertension (chronic or pregnancy-induced), pregnancy weight change, PMA at birth, and PMA at NNNS exam. Pre-pregnancy obesity was associated with an increase in non-optimal reflexes (B=0.41, SE=0.17, Adjusted Means: Pre-pregnancy obesity=5.64, No pre-preg-nancy obesity=5.23). Conclusions Infants of mothers who were obese prior to pregnancy showed an increase in non-optimal reflexes on the NNNS. The association between maternal pre-pregnancy obesity and atypical child neurodevelopment may be ascertained as early as infancy.
Novel findings in a PLCB4-related disorder: Hyperinsulinism, vasospasm, and cardiac hypertrophy; Purpose of study PLCB4 plays a role in endothelin signaling, regulating vascular tone in conjunction with nitric oxide and other factors. The gene is also implicated in auriculocondylar syndrome, an autosomal dominant condition characterized by ear and jaw anomalies. We describe two cases associated with de novo variants in the same codon of PLCB4 with novel features including vasospasm, hyperinsulinism and cardiac hypertrophy. One individual presented without overt ear and jaw anomalies. Methods used Clinical phenotyping, chart review, whole exome sequencing and functional studies on patient-derived fibroblasts. Summary of results Patient 1 was born with macrosomia, hyperinsulinism, and cardiac hypertrophy. Postnatally, she developed marked digital and renal artery spasm as well as pulmonary hypertension requiring inhaled nitric oxide. Her appearance was notable for micrognathia, question mark ears and lower extremity melanocytosis. At 4.5 months she developed rapid onset of poor peripheral perfusion and passed away secondary to cardiac and respiratory decompensation. Trio exome sequencing revealed a de novo p. D630V variant in PLCB4. Patient 2 also exhibited hyperin-sulinism and biventricular cardiac hypertrophy. She did not have jaw or ear anomalies but exhibited hypotonia and mel-anocytosis on her lower extremities. During infancy she exhibited abnormal movements. Brain MRI identified Moya-moya disease. She also experienced episodes of vasospasm of her peripheral vasculature. Exome sequencing showed a de novo p.D630N variant in PLCB4. She passed away at age 2 years due to cardiorespiratory failure after a neuro-surgical procedure. Conclusions Somatic mutations p.D630V and p.D630N have been previously observed in uveal melanoma and are suspected to play a role in driving tumorigenesis. The fact that both individuals carry mutations in the same codon, separate from typical auriculocondylar hotspot codons 360 and 621 suggest a distinct mechanism of action. Substitutions at codon 630 of PLCB4 appear to be associated with vasospasm, cardiac hypertrophy and early death with or without typical features of auriculocondylar syndrome. Functional studies from patient-derived fibroblasts are underway; we hypothesize that these variants in PLCB4 may act via endothelin signaling to promote vasoconstriction.
A review of clinical studies involving pregnant women registered in the Clinical Trials Registry of India; Context and Aims: Pregnant women undergo physiological changes which influence the efficacy as well as safety of medications used. Very few drugs are tested and approved for medical conditions during pregnancy, and less pharmacokinetic data are available to form clinical treatment guidelines. There was no data available regarding the type of research studies conducted in pregnancy in India. Hence, we conducted this study to analyze the type of research studies in pregnancy registered in the Clinical Trials Registry of India (CTRI). Subjects and Methods: Following exemption from review by the Institutional Ethics Committee, all studies in pregnant women registered in CTRI from its inception in July 2007 to June 2018 were reviewed. Data were captured with respect to geographical distribution, trimester of pregnancy, study designs used, therapy area, and funding. Statistical Analysis Used: The variables were analyzed using descriptive statistics using SPSS version 16.0. Results: Out of a total of 14,911 studies in CTRI, a total of 285 (1.91%) studies involved pregnant women. Of these studies, 199 (69.8%) were interventional, whereas 86 (30.1%) were observational. Of all the interventional studies, 119 (60%) tested drugs, 47 (24%) tested a nondrug intervention, and the rest were nutraceuticals, Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha, and Homeopathy, and vaccines. Postgraduate theses constituted 140 (49.1%) studies, 79 (27.7%) were academic projects, 27 (9.4%) were government-funded studies, and only 16 (5.6%) were pharmaceutical-sponsored studies. The most commonly studied therapy area was anesthesia, followed by hypertension and induction of labor. Conclusions: This study depicts underrepresentation of pregnant women in clinical studies and more evidence needs to be generated with respect to drug safety and pharmacokinetics.
Prior Preterm Birth and Birthweight below the 5th Percentile are Independent Risk Factors for Recurrence of a Small for Gestational Age Neonate; Objective:This study aimed to determine: (1) whether recurrent deliveries of a small for gestational age (SGA) neonate are associated with increased obstetrical or neonatal complications; (2) whether the risk factors that can predict small for gestational age (SGA) recurrence.Methods:This study was based on Soroka Medical Center's Obstetrics electronic database. The database consisted of 109 022 women who had 320 932 deliveries between the year 1988-2014.The study cohort included 6.8% (7368/109 022) of these patients who gave birth to a singleton SGA neonate on their first delivery and had more than one delivery. The study population was divided into two groups according to the outcome of the subsequent delivery: (1) women with sporadic SGA who delivered a non-SGA neonate (n=5416); (2) women with recurrent SGA (n=1952). SGA defined as birthweight <10th percentile. Maternal and neonatal complications were compared between the two groups. Logistic regression was used to determine independent risk factors for SGA recurrence.Results:The prevalence of birthweight <5th percentile was higher among the recurrent SGA group in the first delivery (P<0.001). Bedouin ethnicity was more prevalent in the recurrent SGA group (P<0.001). The rate of preterm delivery was higher in the first delivery of the recurrent SGA group (P=0.015). The sporadic SGA group had a higher rate of perinatal mortality during the first pregnancy (P=0.017). The rate of severe hypertension (P=0.005), polyhydramnios, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, nonreassuring fetal heart rate and total perinatal mortality (P<0.001) were higher in the second delivery of the recurrent SGA group. In a logistic regression model, preterm delivery and birthweight <5th percentile at the first delivery was found to be independent risk factors for recurrence of an SGA neonate in the subsequent birth (relative risks:1.530, confidence interval: 1.249-1.875; relative risks:1.826, confidence interval: 1.641-2.030, respectively).Conclusion:Women with recurrent SGA neonates have specific clinical characteristics. Among women who deliver an SGA neonate, preterm delivery, and birthweight <5th percentile are independent predictors for its recurrence.
Postpartum Readmissions among Women with Diabetes; OBJECTIVE:To estimate whether women with diabetes are at risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions and associated complications.METHODS:The Nationwide Readmissions Database from 2010 to 2014 was analyzed to determine risk for 60-day postpartum readmissions among women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM), type 2 DM, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and unspecified DM compared with women with no diabetes. Secondary outcomes included evaluating risk for overall severe maternal morbidity during readmissions, as well as wound complications, acute diabetic complications such as diabetic ketoacidosis, venous thromboembolism, and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. Billing data were used to ascertain both exposures and outcomes. Adjusted log-linear regression models including demographic, hospital, medical and obstetric, and hospital factors were performed with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and with 95% Cis as measures of association.RESULTS:Of an estimated 15.7 million delivery hospitalizations, 1.1 million occurred among women with diabetes, of whom 3.2% had type 1 DM, 9.1% type 2 DM, 86.6% GDM, and 1.1% unspecified diabetes. Compared with women without diabetes (1.5% risk for readmission), risk for readmission was significantly higher for women with type 1 DM (4.4%), unspecified diabetes (4.0%), type 2 DM (3.9%), and GDM (2.0%) (P<.01). After adjusting for hospital, demographic, medical, and obstetric risk factors, type 1 DM (aRR 1.77, 95% CI 1.69-1.87), type 2 DM (aRR 1.46, 95% CI 1.42-1.51), unspecified (aRR 1.73, 95% CI 1.59-1.89) and gestational diabetes (aRR 1.16, 95% CI 1.14-1.17) retained increased risk. Among women with diabetes public insurance, lower ZIP code income quartiles, and hospitals with high safety net burdens were associated with higher risk for readmission. In both unadjusted and adjusted analyses, all diabetes diagnoses were associated with readmissions for wound complications, hypertensive diseases of pregnancy, and severe maternal morbidity.CONCLUSION:Although overall risk for readmission is low, pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes in particular are at increased risk. Women in this high-risk group should receive coordinated care and be monitored closely in the postpartum period.
Impact of maternal diabetes on fetal left atrial function; Background/Introduction: Diabetes impacts 12-14% of pregnancies. Evaluating the impact of maternal diabetes on the fetal heart is challenging due to variable image quality and limited time for structural changes to manifest. Left atrial reservoir strain (ER) is a sensitive marker of early left atrial dysfunction which may elucidate fetal atrial dysfunction resulting from maternal diabetes. Purpose: We sought to evaluate if fetal ER can detect impairment of left atrial function in the fetal heart as a result of maternal diabetes. Methods: We performed a prospective observational study evaluating patients who were referred to the high risk pregnancy service as a result of maternal diabetes (pre-existing or gestational) and healthy controls. Patients were excluded if adequate imaging of the fetal myocardium was not possible. Baseline characteristics of the mother and cardiometabolic risk factors were recorded. The fetal echocardiogram focused on the 4 chamber view. We used the 4 chamber view with closure of the mitral valve as the zero reference point (R-R) gating. The strain curves from 6 atrial segments were averaged. Normality of the data was assessed using the Shapiro-Wilk test. The Mann-Whitney U test was used to compare ER between fetuses, whose mothers had diabetes versus those fetuses whose mothers were healthy controls. Results: A total of 120 fetal scans were performed. 5 were excluded due to poor image quality, which prevented strain analysis. 115 fetal scans were analysed (87 with maternal diabetes and 27 healthy controls). The diabetic subjects and controls did not defer significantly in age Mean ± SD (31± 5 vs 30± 5, p= 0.81). The mothers with diabetes had a higher body mass index than controls (Median [IQR]) (30.5 kg/m2 [25.1, 35.3] vs 24.6 kg/m2 [22.1, 28.6] p < 0.001). The presence of maternal diabetes resulted in lower fetal ER (28.5% [22.1, 36.2] vs 33.4% [26.6, 41.6] P = 0.01). Figure 1 illustrates the Box-Whisker plot comparing Fetal ER between fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes and fetuses where mothers were healthy controls. Conclusion: The presence of maternal diabetes results in impaired fetal left atrial function as measured by fetal left atrial strain (ER).
CARPHA 2019; The proceedings contain 160 papers. The topics discussed include: understanding the role of disease knowledge and risk perception in shaping the demand for preventive measures for selected vector-borne diseases in Guyana; cost-effectiveness of long-lasting insecticide-treated bed nets distribution in prevention of malaria deaths and morbidity in Guyana; prevalence and patterns of multimorbidity in Jamaica: a latent class analysis; observed timelines for utilization of reperfusion therapy in acute ischaemic stroke patients at Princess Margaret Hospital, Nassau, The Bahamas; albumin creatinine ratio is associated with foot ulceration in people with diabetes: a case-control study in Barbados; adipose tissue function in gestational diabetes mellitus; an analysis of the 2017 national health interview survey for diabetes as a risk factor for heart disease among adults in the United States of America: lessons for the Caribbean; and chronic care model implementation in primary care in Trinidad and Tobago 2018.
Isolated supraumbilical raphe in a neonate; A 1-day-old girl, born at 38 weeks' gestation to unrelated parents, via uncomplicated vaginal delivery, was referred with a scar-like chest-wall defect noted after birth. She had a history of maternal gestational diabetes treated with metformin and normal antenatal anomaly scans. Examination revealed a 10- cm supraumbilical midline raphe extending to the sternum with two small open areas at each end, no haemangiomas and a palpable sternum. Systemic clinical examination and ophthalmology screen were normal. Due to concerns regarding potential congenital syndromes, she was extensively investigated. Chest X-ray and echocardiogram showed no sternal separation and a structurally and functionally normal heart. Ultrasound scans of the chest wall, head and abdomen were normal. Magnetic resonance imaging with angiogram of the head showed no posterior fossa or vascular anomalies. Her skin defects were managed conservatively and healed well. Supraumbilical raphe is a ventral nonunion defect occurring due to abnormal fusion of the layers of the skin. It usually occurs as part of congenital syndromes involving ventral-wall defects such as PHACES syndrome (posterior fossa malformations, haemangiomas, arterial anomalies, aorta coarctation, cardiac defects, eye abnormalities, supraumbilical raphe or sternal cleft), sternal malformation-vascular dysplasia syndrome and pentalogy of Cantrell (ectopia cordis, intracardiac defects, sternal cleft, omphalocele, pericardial defect). Isolated congenital sternal malformation can occur but it usually involves a sternal cleft with normal overlying skin and soft tissues. We present a rare case of isolated supraumbilical raphe without haemangiomas or extracutaneous anomalies and discuss the need for ongoing follow-up to monitor for any developing syndromic features.
Insomnia During Pregnancy; Although some sleep disturbance is normal during pregnancy, a subset of women experience sleep disturbances that are associated with clinically significant distress or impairment that warrants further evaluation and treatment. This chapter provides a broad overview of the epidemiology, etiological factors, and consequences of poor sleep quality, short sleep duration, and insomnia disorder during pregnancy. The nascent body of research on interventions to improve sleep during pregnancy is reviewed, and practical suggestions for clinical assessment and treatment are provided.
Sleep Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Sleep disordered breathing is under recognized in pregnant women. Women affected by SDB or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) are more likely to experience pregnancy complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes including preeclampsia, preterm birth, and cesarean delivery. The risk factors for sleep disordered breathing and OSA are include: older age, obesity, African-American race, craniofacial abnormalities, and smoking. Women with known SDB/OSA who become pregnant should be evaluated by a sleep medicine specialist to optimize CPAP settings. During labor, pain relief strategies which limit the use of opioid medications should be employed in order to reduce the risk of respiratory suppression. Untreated sleep apnea is associated with subsequent diabetes, hypertension and fatal and nonfatal cardiovascular disease. Management of SDB in pregnant women should address both short term and long term risks of the disease.
Evaluating the association between neonatal mortality and maternal high blood pressure, heart disease and gestational diabetes: A case control study; Background: Prevention of noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) during pregnancy is recommended due to severe complications for mothers and infants. Considering that NCDs have a significant impact on infant mortality, this study was conducted to investigate the relationship between mothers' underlying diseases and gestational diabetes and infant mortality in Iran. Materials and Methods: Mothers who referred to the health centers in nine provinces of Iran were included. This case-control study used data collected from pregnant women. There were 1162 cases and 1624 controls. The required data were collected from mothers' health records and through interviews. Results: The chances of neonatal mortality in women with a body mass index (BMI) of 30-35, 1.7 times (odds ratio [OR] = 1.7, confidence interval [CI]: 1.19-2.44, P= 0.003) was higher compared with women with a normal BMI. The chance of neonatal mortality among mothers with high blood pressure was three times higher compared with healthy mothers (OR = 3.04, 95% CI: 1.98-4.65, P < 0.001). The chance of neonatal mortality in women with kidney disease was also 1.64 times higher than mothers without kidney problems (OR = 1.64, 95% CI: 1.1-2.45, P= 0.015). In the study of gestational diabetes, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had at risk was 1.63 times higher than mothers without gestational diabetes (OR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.84-3.16, P= 0.014). Furthermore, the chance of neonatal mortality among the mothers who had heart disease was 1.10 times higher than mothers without heart disease (OR = 2.10, 95% CI: 0.88-4.99, P= 0.014). Conclusion: This study showed that undiagnosed underlying diseases were related to neonatal mortality, which highlights the importance of caring for and counseling about the underlying diseases, screening, and controlling blood sugar levels before and during pregnancy to prevent infant mortality by all means possible.
Fetal heart rate decelerations in women with sleep-disordered breathing; Introduction: Women with sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) are at increased risk for gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and fetal growth restriction. While case reports suggest an association between maternal apnea and fetal heart rate decelerations, data are lacking on how maternal sleep impacts fetal wellbeing. Late and/or prolonged decelerations can be associated with adverse fetal outcomes. We sought to determine whether late and/or prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations were associated with maternal SDB. Methods: A cohort study of third trimester women with a single fetus was conducted. Snoring and non-snoring women underwent an overnight home sleep test using an ambulatory device (Watch-PAT) with continuous portable electronic fetal monitoring (Monica DK). SDB was considered present with a respiratory disturbance index (RDI)>=10 events per hour. The temporality between a respiratory event and fetal decelerations was determined to be present if a deceleration occurred within 30 seconds after a respiratory event. Fetal tracings were analyzed by a maternal fetal medicine physician blinded to the sleep data. Results: 41 women have been recruited (76% Caucasian). Mean (SD) maternal age, BMI and gestational age at time of study was 32.0+/-5.5 years, 37.1+/-7.9kg/m2 and 34.6+/-2.4 weeks respectively (see Table 1). Overall, n=23 (56%) women had SDB. A total of 37 late decelerations were observed in 18 women; 9/18 women (50%) had SDB. Of the 37 late decelerations, 76% were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Ten prolonged decelerations were observed in 6 women; all women (100%) had an RDI>5 and 5/6 women (83%) had an RDI>10. Nine of ten (90%) prolonged decelerations were temporally associated with a respiratory event. Duration of the prolonged decelerations ranged from 3-6 minutes, mean 4.7 minutes. Figure 1 provides details of women with prolonged decelerations. Conclusion: These initial data suggest that the majority of both late and prolonged fetal heart rate decelerations occur with a maternal respiratory event. Since respiratory events are characteristic of maternal SDB, this raises the possibility that SDB may play a role in fetal wellbeing.
Maternal urinary metabolites in the latter half of pregnancy predict gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetics (GD) have both impaired insulin sensitivity and secretion, which may lead to perturbations in multiple metabolic pathways. Currently, screening paradigms for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) rely on demonstration of hyperglycemia after an oral glucose load, and are cumbersome for patients. A metabolomics approach may reveal a unique maternal metabolic signature in GD that enables an alternative screening strategy. This study was undertaken to assess whether the relative levels of late pregnancy urinary metabolites of GD differ to those of normal gravidas (NG) and to determine whether the proposed metabolites have utility to identify GDM in the latter half of gestation. Methods: This nested case-control study involved 46 GD and 46 NG, who were matched for maternal age, pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational age (GA) at urine collection. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestation and metabolic or cardiovascular disorders. The Global Alliance to Prevent Prematurity and Stillbirth supplied the urine samples and demographic data. Practitioners at 3 separate medical centers diagnosed GDM by glucose challenge and glucose tolerance test, according to local criteria. A metabolomics platform (Metabolon, Inc) analyzed the osmolalitycorrected levels of 626 untargeted endogenous small molecules (<1000 Daltons) in urine via ultra-performance LC/MS and GC/MS. Multivariate methods (random forest accuracy, random forest GINI and boosting relative importance) were used to screen for metabolites simultaneously distinguishing GD from NG. A classification tree using the metabolites identified by screening provided the final algorithm for predicting GD vs NG. Results: There were no significant demographic differences between GD and NG. Values displayed as mean (SD): Maternal age (years) = 32.3 (4.7) in GD; 31.8 (4.2) in NG. BMI (Kg/m2) = 31.5 (6.8) in GD; 29.9 (6.3) in NG. Gestational age (weeks) = 30.8 (3.6) in GD; 30.5 (3.0) in NG. Three multivariate criteria simultaneously identified 8 metabolites distinguishing GD from NG. A 5-level classification tree incorporating 4 of these metabolites predicted GDM with a sensitivity of 87%, specificity of 91% and unweighted accuracy (average of sensitivity and specificity) of 89%. Conclusion: This preliminary study reveals that the metabolic profile of random urine samples in the latter half of pregnancy was highly accurate in identifying GD versus NG. These promising results require confirmation via a larger validation study.
Maternal urinary metabolites in early pregnancy predict gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetics (GD) have impaired insulin sensitivity prior to conception. Despite this perturbation, metabolomics studies have been unable to discover a metabolic signature in early pregnancy that predicts GD. The objective of this study was to determine whether an expanded analysis platform and an innovative, multivariate analysis would accurately identify metabolites that independently predict GD. Methods: This nested, observational case-control cohort study consisted of randomly collected maternal urine samples from a repository of the Global Alliance to Prevent Prematurity and Stillbirth (Seattle, WA). Practitioners at three separate medical centers diagnosed GD by glucose challenge and tolerance tests according to local criteria. The study consisted of 46 GD and 46 controls (NG) with singletons, who were matched by maternal age, prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), and gestational age at urine collection. Excluded subjects had significant metabolic or cardiovascular disorders. Ultraperformance liquied chromatography/ms and gas chromatography/ms (Metabolon, Inc) analyzed the osmolality corrected urine levels of 626 untargeted endogenous small molecules (<1000 Daltons). Multivariate methods (random forest accuracy and GINI, boosting relative importance) screened for metabolites simultaneously distinguishing GD from NG. A classification tree using the metabolites identified by screening provided the final algorithm for predicting GD vs NG. Results: The two groups were similar in mean (SD) maternal age (GD:32.2 (4.7); NG: 31.8 (4.2) years), prepregnancy BMI (GD: 31.5 (6.8); NG: 29.9 (6.3) kg/m2), and gestational age at urine collection (GD:11.8 (3.0); NG: 11.9 (2.7) weeks). Three multivariate criteria identified 11 metabolites simultaneously distinguishing GD vs NG. Classification tree analysis revealed that seven of these metabolites (lanthionine, saccharopine, nicotinate ribonucleoside, 7, 8-dihydroneopterin, argininate, dihydroorotate, and phenol glururonide) predicted GD with an unweighted nominal accuracy (average of sensitivity and specificity) of 96.7% (table). Conclusion: This preliminary study suggests that markers in first-trimester urine can accurately identify GD independent of BMI and other risk factors. Confirmation of these encouraging results by a larger validation study will enable early interventions to reduce the risk of GD, adverse fetal outcome, and epigenetically mediated disorders in offspring.
Gestational diabetes perturbs energy metabolism in early pregnancy; Introduction: Gestational diabetics (GD) exhibit insulin resistance prior to conception. The objective of this study was to determine whether maternal urinary metabolites in early pregnancy reflect altered metabolic pathways related to insulin resistance. Methods: This nested, observational case-control cohort study consisted of random urine specimens from a repository of the Global Alliance to Prevent Prematurity and Stillbirth (Seattle, WA). Glucose challenge and tolerance tests diagnosed GD by local criteria. The study consisted of 46 GD and 46 controls (NG) with singletons, who were matched for maternal age, prepregnancy body mass index and gestational age at urine collection. Excluded gravidas had significant metabolic or cardiovascular disorders. Ultra-performance liquid chromatography/ mass spectrometry (ms) and gas chromatography/ms (Metabolon, Inc.) measured the osmolality normalized concentrations of 626 unbiased endogenous urinary compounds (<1000 Daltons). Multivariate methods (random forest, boosting relative importance) identified metabolites that differentiated simultaneously GD from NG. The Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomics (KEGG) and Metabolon identified GD-linked alterations in metabolic trafficking. Results: The case and control groups were similar in mean maternal age (MA), prepregnancy body mass index (BMI), and gestational age (GA) at urine collection (table). (Table Presented) Multivariate criteria identified 26 compounds simultaneously distinguishing GD vs NG. Pathway analysis indicated that GD altered metabolic pathways of nitrogen balance (n=7), oxidation-reduction (n=8), and oxidative phosphorylation (n=5). GD-related changes in the seven microbiome-derived metabolites included cognates of bile acids (n=3), lysine (n=2), and phenylalanine (n=2). Conclusion: GD exhibit in early pregnancy perturbations in metabolic pathways that are consistent with increased oxidative stress, disrupted energy metabolism, and insulin resistance.
Congenital Laryngeal Stenosis and Concomitant Birth Defects in a Term Newborn: A Case Report; Congenital laryngeal stenosis is a rare and unusual anomaly that usually presents in the first minutes after delivery as severe life-threatening respiratory distress. It may exist as an isolated entity or in association with other congenital malformations, in particular cardiac anomalies. In this paper, we present the case of an infant with prenatal suspicion of tetralogy of Fallot. Immediately after delivery, the patient required intubation, which proved difficult. He was eventually diagnosed with laryngeal stenosis requiring laryngological treatment.
Fundamental concepts and novel aspects of polycystic ovarian syndrome: Expert consensus resolutions; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a very common endocrine and metabolic disorder with the involvement of both genetic and environmental factors. Although much has been clarified on its pathogenesis, diagnosis, clinical manifestations, and therapy, there are still areas of uncertainty. To address fundamental concepts, novel aspects and hypotheses, and future perspectives, including the possible additional benefits of treatment with nutraceuticals, an expert consensus panel formed by endocrinologists and gynecologists was established. After an independent review of the literature, the panel convened electronically on February 3, 2020, and six resolutions were created, debated, and agreed upon discussion, and finally approved in their final formin a consensus livestreammeeting held on April 15. The summary of the resolutions are: (1) PCOS is a well-established medical condition that negatively affects reproduction, general health, sexual health, and quality of life; (2) the symptoms and signs of PCOS appear early in life especially in female newborns from PCOS carriers; (3) women with PCOS have significantly increased risk of pregnancy-related complications including gestational diabetesmellitus; (4) amale PCOS equivalent exists, and it may impact on metabolic health and probably on reproduction; (5) the evidence supports that medical therapy for PCOS is effective, rational, and evidence-based; (6) the evidence supports a major research initiative to explore possible benefits of nutraceutical therapy for PCOS. The proposed resolutions may be regarded as points of agreement based on the current scientific evidence available.
1,5-anhydroglucitol in diabetes: Its role in diagnostics, screening, glycemic status assessment, and the prediction of complications; 1,5-anhydroglucitol (1,5-AG) is a short-term indicator of glycemic status, reflecting hyperglycemic glucose excursions over the prior 1-2 weeks. As glucose level remains in the normal range, plasma concentration of 1,5-AG is maintained stable due to the balance between intake with the food and renal excretion. Under hyperglycemic conditions, when the renal threshold for glucose is exceeded, concentration of 1,5-AG decreases due to competitive inhibition of 1,5-AG reabsorption by glucose. In clinical practice, plasma 1,5-AG is used for retrospective assessment of postprandial glucose fluctuations in diabetic subjects with mild or moderate elevation of HbA1c. The marker is also applied in clinical trials of new agents affecting postprandial glycemia. The advantages of 1,5-AG as a marker of glycemic status are stability, independence on the physiological state when sampling, applicability for patients with abnormalities of hemoglobin and lifespan of erythrocytes. Meantime, the value of this marker is limited in subjects with renal tubular acidosis, 4-5 stages of chronic kidney disease, renal glucosuria, in those receiving acarbose and SGLT2 inhibitors. Application of 1,5-AG for the diagnosis and screening of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and prediabetes has been tested. It was revealed that sensitivity of 1,5-AG as screening tool may be insufficient in individuals with mild hyperglycemia, especially if fasting hyperglycemia prevails. Therefore, it has been proposed to combine 1,5-AG with assessment of fasting glucose for the screening purposes. In type 2 diabetic subjects low plasma 1,5-AG is a predictor of renal failure, cardiovascular events, including ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke. Decreased 1,5-AG concentration in pregnant women is a risk factor for gestational diabetes and macrosomia. Chromatography and enzymatic methods are used to determine 1,5-AG in blood, urine and other biological fluids. Currently, the relatively high cost and lack of standardization restrain the use of 1,5-AG in clinical practice. Further studies are needed for estimation of 1,5-AG value as a marker of glycemic status in type 1 diabetes, in patients with different levels of HbA1c and different magnitude of glucose variability, as well as in situations where the clinical value of HbA1c is limited.
In utero congenital chylothorax treatment with fetal thoracoamniotic shunt: Case report; BACKGROUND: Fetal pleural effusions are a rare fetal anomaly that may result from congenital chylothorax. Severe cases lead to chest compression with resulting pulmonary hypoplasia and possible neonatal demise. Fetal thoracoamiontic shunt (TAS) placement may decrease the amount of pleural effusion and improve lung expansion. CASE: A 30-year-old primigravida at 29 2/7 weeks' gestation presented with fetal bilateral pleural effusions with no identifiable genetic or structural abnormalities. TAS placement accomplished decompression of the left fetal chest. The neonate was delivered at 33 3/7 weeks and required minimal respiratory support with no apparent long term complications at discharge. CONCLUSION: This case demonstrated that fetal intervention with TAS placement can improve neonatal outcomes. Referral to an MFM specialist capable of TAS should be considered for isolated fetal bilateral pleural effusion.
Impact of Gender on Type II Diabetes Glycemic and Cardiovascular Markers Control and Treatment; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: Type II Diabetes (T2D) is considered a major health burden locally, regionally and internationally. Gender differences in T2D prevalence were found in several epidemiological and observational studies. The primary goal of this study was to assess the prevalence of T2D-related comorbidities and treatment modalities and the impact of gender. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This was a cross-sectional study that was conducted between June of 2013 and July of 2016 for patients with T2D at the 2 main outpatient diabetes clinics in Taif city, Saudi Arabia. Those with type I diabetes, gestational diabetes and drug-induced diabetes were excluded. RESULT: A total of 945 patients with a mean age of 58.4±11.8 years with a nearly equal distribution among both genders but with slightly more male predominance (52.2%). When compared to females, male patients were more likely to be older (p<0.001) and exhibit a longer T2D duration (P 0.003), lower mean BMI (p<0.001), lower systolic blood pressure (P 0.062), higher diastolic blood pressure (P 0.468), less likely to have hypertension and be on ACE/ARB blockers (P 0.065 and 0.019, respectively), more likely to have hyperlipidemia and be on a statin (P 0.065 and 0.124, respectively), and more likely to have cardiac disease and stroke and to be on beta-blockers (P 0.005, 0.279, 0.005, respectively). CONCLUSION: Both genders exhibited comparable HbA1c levels. Medical treatment optimization along with controlling both measured cardiovascular makers and laboratory result levels was based on comorbidities and complications rather than gender.
Unusual coronary artery arrangement in d-transposition of the great arteries with ventricular septal defect; Background: D-transposition of the great arteries is the secondmost common cyanotic congenital heart disease (5%-7%).About 40% to 45% of patients have associated ventricular septal defect. Coronary artery anatomy can be variable in thiscomplex condition. Single coronary artery and intramuralcourse were associated with higher postoperative mortality inthe past. Delineation of coronary artery anatomy preoperativelyis important for surgical decision-making.Methods: A term neonate with prenatal diagnosis of D-TGAwith suspected ventricular septal defect (VSD) was delivered atoutside institution to a G2P2 diabetic mother by scheduledrepeat C-section. Neonate was cyanotic at birth. Initiallyrequired blow by oxygen and subsequent CPAP helpedincrease saturations from 30% to 80%. UVC was placed andprostaglandin infusion was initiated. The patient developedincreased work of breathing and persistent hypoxemia requiring intubation and mechanical ventilation. Postnatal echocardiogram performed revealed D-TGA with moderately largemembranous VSD with inlet extension and moderate secundum atrial septal defect (ASD). There was normal biventricularsystolic function. The semilunar valves were similar in sizewith normal function. Coronary artery anatomy revealed rightcoronary artery arising from the right posterior facing cusp.The left coronary artery had a separate ostium, immediatelyadjacent to the right coronary artery ostium, arising anomalously from the right posterior facing sinus, coursing posteriorto the aorta, with brief intramural and interarterial course andthen bifurcating into the left anterior descending and left circumflex coronary arteries.Results: This was crucial for surgical planning. As a result ofthis unique coronary pattern, she underwent unroofing of theintramural left coronary artery, which was noted on openingthe aortic root to the coronary ostium. Both coronary buttonswere harvested and this large button was then divided into 2buttons. The left coronary artery button was implanted with atrapdoor technique. The right coronary button was implantedas well, with the remainder of the arterial switch procedurecompleted uneventfully, with closure of the atrial and ventricular septal defects. Patient did well postoperatively and hadnormal biventricular systolic function at discharge. Coronaryartery anomalies can occur in D-transposition of the greatarteries. The most common is the circumflex coronary arteryarising from the right coronary artery, but this does not usually affect postoperative outcomes. The most dangerous coronary patterns occur only in 1% to 2% of patients. Ourpatient is unique in that the left coronary artery arose anomalously from the right posterior facing sinus in addition tohaving a short intramural and interarterial course, coursingposterior to the aorta, before it bifurcated into the left anteriordescending and left circumflex coronary arteries. Knowledgeof the coronary artery anatomy assisted with optimal surgicaloutcome.Conclusions: Postoperative outcome following arterial switchprocedure is dependent on many preoperative variables, mostimportantly coronary artery patterns. Delineation of coronary artery anatomy is crucial for long-term postoperative outcome,morbidity, and mortality.
The utilisation of long-acting insulin analogues and intermediateacting insulin in patients with type 2 diabetes in the United Kingdom; Background and aims: Approximately 15% of patients with type 2 diabetes will eventually require treatment with insulin. International treatment guidelines recommend treating patients with type 2 diabetes with basal insulin including neutral protamine Hagedorn (NPH) human insulin or long-acting insulin analogs (glargine, detemir, or degludec), if their glycemic levels remain uncontrolled with oral antidiabetic drugs (OADs). Changes in prescription patterns of basal insulins over time remain poorly delineated, particularly since the market entry of newer OADs (e.g. SGLT-2 inhibitors). The objective of this study was to describe changes in the prescription of basal insulins in patients with type 2 diabetes over time from 2002 to 2019 in the United Kingdom (UK). Materials and methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data from the Clinical Practice Research Datalink (CPRD) Aurum, a primary care database from the UK. We created a primary cohort of all patients receiving pharmacological treatment for type 2 diabetes between September 1st, 2002 (the year glargine was marketed in the UK) and October 31st, 2019.Wethen excluded patients with 1) <18 years of age at cohort entry, 2) a database history of <365 days, 3) a diagnosis of polycystic ovary syndrome or type 1 diabetes at any time prior to cohort entry and 4) a diagnosis of gestational diabetes in the year prior to cohort entry. Exposure was defined by current use of each class of antidiabetic drugs. Yearly prescription rates were determined using negative binomial regression and were stratified by age categories, sex, presence of cardiovascular disease, glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c), and renal function (estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR]). Results: Our cohort included 724,114 patients who used antidiabetic drugs between September 1st, 2002 and October 31st, 2019. Rates of prescription for NPH insulin decreased over the follow-up period, going from 0.73 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.71, 0.76) prescriptions per person-year in 2002 to 0.37 (95% CI: 0.36,0.38) prescriptions per personyear in 2019. In contrast, rates of insulin analogs prescription increased during this period, from 0.02 (95% CI: 0.02,0.03) in 2002 to 0.53 (95% CI: 0.52,0.54) in 2019. The most widely used insulin analog in 2019 was glargine (prescription rate: 0.36, 95% CI: 0.35, 0.37); prescription rates for detemir and degludec were 0.12 (95% CI: 0.12,0.13) and 0.04 (95% CI: 0.04, 0.04), respectively. Rates were similar between strata of age categories, sex, cardiovascular disease status, and HbA1c category. However, differences in prescription rates were observed across strata of renal function, where the prescription rates for NPH insulin and for all 3 long-acting insulin analogs were greater in patients with renal insufficiency (eGFR<60mL/min/1.73m2). Conclusion: Prescribing of NPH insulin and long-acting insulins has greatly changed in recent years in the UK. The current study provides insight into the changing characteristics of users of different types of insulin among patients with type 2 diabetes and may inform public policy on reimbursement modalities.
Offspring of women with gestational diabetes: A 5 year follow-up; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a risk factor for both mother and her offspring in short-term (perinatal morbidity) as well as long-term horizon (postpartum diabetes or foetal programming). A lot of studies focused at peri/postnatal complications and selected parameters of GDM mother's offspring, however relatively few were designed as prospective. No such study focused on this topic in Czech Republic so far. The aim of our study was to ascertain possible anthropometric and developmental abnormalities and/or morbidity in offspring of GDM mothers compare to controls in a 5-year follow-up. Materials and methods: The prospective study comprised 89 offspringmother pairs, of those 26 with GDMand 63 controls. Following offspring parameters were evaluated: weight, length/high, blood pressure, resting heart rate, psychomotor development, morbidity, need for regular drug therapy, need for regular specialist doctor observation, status of vaccination, duration of breastfeeding. Following perinatal data were available: offspring weight (macrosomia), length of delivery, necessity of necessity of delivery induction, necessity of instrument usage, necessity of Caesarean section, Apgar score, Base excess, cord blood PH Results: At the age of 12 and 18 months, offspring of GDMmothers had significantly worse speech abilities (didn't say any word at 12 months of age and didńt link words in 18 months of age, P=0.015 and P=0.009 resp., Chi-square test). Psychomotor development and school readiness test was borderline worse in GDM group at 5 years of age (P=0.048 for both, Chi-square test). Offspring of GDM mothers were more ill in their first 5 years of age and need hospitalisation (P=0.022, Chi-square test). Adverse perinatal outcomes had no significant influence on offspring psychomotor development or morbidity up to 5 years in both groups. Offspring of obese mothers had significantly worse speech abilities in 18months of age (P=0.034, chi-square test), a higher percentile weightfor-high as in 3 years (P=NS), as in 5 years (P=0.04,Mann-Whitney test). Conclusion: This is unique prospective study focused on psychomotor development in a cohort of offspring of GDM mothers, comprised perinatal outcomes. Pilot results indicate certain differences in selected parameters in offspring of GDM mothers, especially in speech abilities and total morbidity. Moreover, were found a significant link of mother's obesity and offspring adverse outcomes (increased adiposity and worse verbal language), however, validity is diminished by small number of obese respondents.
Pregnancy related stroke. a call to increase awareness; Background and Aims: Pregnancy-related stroke affects 30/100,000 deliveries. Diagnosis and management are often delayed, which might increase morbidity and mortality. Our aim is to describe the main characteristics of pregnancy-related stroke patients in a tertiary hospital. Methods: Pregnant and postpartum stroke patients attended at our hospital where retrospectively studied. Basal characteristics, acute stroke management, timing to diagnosis, and long-term prognosis were evaluated before and after thrombectomy era (year 2015). Results: Twenty-eight women were included from August/2003 to October/2019, with 16 patients before 2015 and 12 after 2015. Strokes occurred during postpartum (60.7%, median 9 days [3-21]), pregnancy (32.1%, median 22 weeks [19-28]) or delivery (7.1%). Twelve patients (42.8%) had smoking history, 5 gestational hypertension (17.9%) -4 preeclampsia and 1 eclampsia -, and 3 (10.7%) gestational diabetes. Thirteen strokes (52%) were ischemic; 40% intracerebral haemorrhages, 3.6% subarachnoid haemorrhage and 3.6% venous thrombosis. Longer time was observed from symptom onset to neurology evaluation before 2015 (median 72 hours vs 6 hours after 2015, p=0.19) and to start stroke treatment (72 hours vs 9.3h, p=0.08). However, only 14.3% had a Stroke Code activation with no differences between both periods. One patient received rtPA+thrombectomy (7.7% of ischemic strokes), and 5 underwent surgery (50% of haemorrhages). There were no differences in discharge or 3-month mRS (12% with mRS33), and two new-borns (8%) died. Conclusions: Even in the thrombectomy era, delays are frequent in pregnancy-related strokes. Awareness should be raised to enable a better stroke management and quicker response times, as pregnancy-related stroke may lead to significant disability and new-born mortality.
Haptoglobin type 2-2 may cause atherosclerotic brain changes; Background And Aims: Human gene of haptoglobin is presented by two alleles. Haptoglobin types are 1-1, 1-2 and 2-2. Different studies shows role of type 2-2 in cardio-vascular disease occurrence during diabetes. Haptoglobin type 1 is known to suppress hemoglobin based oxygenation of HDL and LDL, acting like antioxidant. Methods: We aimed that Bulgarian population is haptoglobin 2-2 type, which causes frequent morbidity by systematic diseases, such as atherosclerosis, diabetes, diabetic nephropathies, gestational diabetes, anemia, etc. 39 volunteers were included, age 36.7 ± 5.3. IMT, ABI, CBC, iron homeostasis, hsCRP and haptoglobin type were evaluated. Results: Increased serum hepcidin concentrations were established in patients with atherosclerotic a. carotis changes (109.7 ± 10.1 mg/L) compared to healthy controls (21.1 ± 1.9 mg/L), P<0.001. In haptoglobin type 2-2, was found strong positive correlation between hepcidin levels and changed IMT and ABI (r=0.901, r=0.919, resp.; P<0.01). Three volunteers were with haptoglobin type 2-1; no changes of serum hepcidin concentration and IMT, ABI was found in this phenotype. Conclusions: The main reason for acute coronary thrombosis is atherosclerotic plaque rupture. Extra-vascular hemoglobin plays role as start mechanism for inflammation in the plaques. Important contra-active mechanism is played by haptoglobin. Thus, it prevents kidney injury from free hemoglobin. Released iron from destructed erythrocytes forms reactive oxygen radicals through Fenton's reaction. Hepcidin regulates iron homeostasis by its interaction with intracellular iron exporter ferroportin. Acknowledgements: This project is sponsored by MU-Sofia, as part of Grant L-213/2018.
Congenital myasthenic syndrome caused by a frameshift insertion mutation in GFPT1; Objective Description of a new variant of the glutamine-fructose-6-phosphate transaminase 1 (GFPT1) gene causing congenital myasthenic syndrome (CMS) in 3 children from 2 unrelated families. Methods Muscle biopsies, EMG, and whole-exome sequencing were performed. Results All 3 patients presented with congenital hypotonia, muscle weakness, respiratory insufficiency, head lag, areflexia, and gastrointestinal dysfunction. Genetic analysis identified a homozygous frameshift insertion in the GFPT1 gene (NM_001244710.1: c.686dupC; p.Arg230Ter) that was shared by all 3 patients. In one of the patients, inheritance of the variant was through uniparental disomy (UPD) with maternal origin. Repetitive nerve stimulation and single-fiber EMG was consistent with the clinical diagnosis of CMS with a postjunctional defect. Ultrastructural evaluation of the muscle biopsy from one of the patients showed extremely attenuated postsynaptic folds at neuromuscular junctions and extensive autophagic vacuolar pathology. Conclusions These results expand on the spectrum of known loss-of-function GFPT1 mutations in CMS12 and in one family demonstrate a novel mode of inheritance due to UPD.
Pregnancy worsens the morbidity of covid-19 and this effect becomes more prominent as pregnancy advances; Objective: To investigate pregnancy outcomes and compare the clinical characteristics of coronavirus 2019 (COVID-19) disease in pregnant and age-matched non-pregnant women. Materials and Methods: Hospital records of four tertiary care centers were reviewed retrospectively. The subjects comprised 188 pregnant patients and 799 non-pregnant women who were admitted to these hospitals. Results: Pregnancy significantly affected the clinical severity of COVID-19 and this effect was more prominent in pregnant women at >20 weeks gestation (p<0.001). Rates of oxygen support (10.1% vs 4.8%; p≤0.001), intensive care unit admission (3.2% vs 0.6%; p=0.009), presence of fever (12.8% vs 4.4%; p<0.001), tachypnea (7.0% vs 2.4%; p=0.003) and tachycardia (16.0% vs 1.9%; p<0.001) were significantly more frequent in pregnant women compared with non-pregnant women. Pregnancy was strongly associated with the need for oxygen support [relative risk (RR), 2.125; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.25-3.60] and admission to the intensive care unit (RR, 5.1; 95% CI: 1.57-16.53) compared with non-pregnant women. Some 14.4% of the pregnant women had co-morbidities. Sixty of the 188 pregnant women (31.9%) delivered during the Severe Acute Respiratory syndrome coronavirus-2 infection, 11 (18.3%) had vaginal deliveries and 49 (81.7%) were by cesarean section. Of these 60 deliveries, 40 (66.7%) were <37 weeks gestation. Conclusion: Pregnancy worsens the morbidity of COVID-19 and this effect seems to increase as the pregnancy advances, but not the mortality rate.
Effect of maternal diabetes and post-weaning high-lipid diet intake on the adult offspring: Preliminary results; Background: Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by hyperglycemia resulting from defects in the synthesis and/or secretion of insulin by beta-pancreatic cells or resistance to the action of insulin by peripheral tissues. It is known that during pregnancy, high blood glucose levels contribute to an unfavorable intrauterine environment influencing fetal programming. Environmental and genetic changes that may occur during intrauterine life are capable of influencing embryo and fetal development as well as the onset of disease during adulthood. Fetal programming influenced by maternal diabetes raises the risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and insulin resistance in offspring. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may conduct to the diabetogenic phenotype to the next generation. Therefore, intrauterine programming is more related to the presence of maternal hyperglycemia than to the type of diabetes. Objective: To analyze blood glucose levels after glucose overload in rats with diabetes and their adult offsprings. Métodos/Methods: Mild diabetes was induced in female Sprague Dawley rats by streptozotocin (beta cytotoxic drug) at the neonatal period. For OGTT, the non-diabetic females received the citrate buffer (vehicle). At adulthood, the control and mildly diabetic rats were submitted fasting of 6 hours, next glycemia was determined. Subsequently, the rats received glucose overload, and after 30, 60, and 120 minutes, glycemic measurement to oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). About day 120 of life, the diabetic rats were mated to obtain their offspring, which were maintained up to adult life. Similarly to control (C) and mildly diabetic (D) dams, the female offspring born to diabetic dams (OD) were also submitted to OGTT on day 115 of life (n=7 animals/group). For comparative analysis of OGTT glycemia, the Negative Binomial test was used. For all statistical comparisons, a minimum confidence limit of 95% (p<0.05) was considered. Resultados/Results: In the OGTT performed at time zero (fasting), there was no significant difference between the experimental groups (D and OD) compared with the C rats, however the OD group presented glucose intolerance, with a blood glucose value greater than 140 mg/ dL. Thirty minutes after glucose overload, the glycemia was higher in the D group (> 200 mg/dL), as well in the OD group (>140 mg/dL), compared with the C group. Similarly, it was observed at 60 minutes after glucose overload. At time 120 min, glycemia was also greater in the D and OD groups (both groups > 140 mg/dL) in relation to the control group. Conclusões/Conclusions: Our preliminary findings show that the offsprings of diabetic mothers had glucose intolerance demonstrated in OGTT, leading to an unfavorable intrauterine environment that caused a dysregulation in the glycemic homeostasis of the offspring. This corroborates the hypothesis of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming.
Pregnancy outcomes in Turner syndrome; Study question: Assessing pregnancy outcomes in women with Turner syndrome (TS) Summary answer: Initial results show an overall high miscarriage rate, no acute cardiovascular morbidity and a 16% vertical transmission of TS. What is known already: Turner Syndrome (TS) affects 1:2500 females and is caused by the partial or complete loss of one X chromosome. About 80% of women with TS experience primary amenorrhea and therefore the only option for fertility treatment is ovum donation (OD). The remaining 20% may have the opportunity for a spontaneous pregnancy. Pregnancy in women with TS has been associated with excess obstetric risk such as miscarriage and hypertension. Estimates for maternal mortality have varied between 0 and 2% in TS mainly due to the risk of aortic dissection but until now there was no UK data. Study design, size, duration: Retrospective single centre cross-sectional study Participants/materials, setting, methods: Over 850 women with TS have attended the adult TS clinic at University College London Hospital and those who had achieved pregnancy were identified. Telephone interviews were conducted to collect data regarding; mode of conception, mode of delivery, TS-specific complication such as cardiac events and hypertension and neonatal outcomes. Main results and the role of chance: Seventy-nine women with TS had a total 136 pregnancies of which 37% were spontaneous conceptions and 63% were achieved with ovum donation (OD). The live birth rate was 58.1% and miscarriage rate 36%, and this was comparable in spontaneous and ovum donation pregnancies. There were no significant differences in the prevalence of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes between the two groups. No case of acute cardiovascular morbidity such as aortic dissection has been identified. There were 5 cases (16%) of vertical transmission of TS to daughters in those with spontaneous conception. Limitations, reasons for caution: This is a retrospective study reliant on participant recall. Wider implications of the findings: The higher rate of miscarriage has been previously documented but the comparable rates between those undergoing OD and spontaneous conception is reassuring. Whilst maternal cardiac morbidity has been reported, in our cohort there were no acute events identified. The 16% vertical transmission exceeds that previously recorded in the literature.
Do self-reported pregnancy complications add to risk evaluation in older women with established cardiovascular disease?; Background: In postmenopausal women with established cardiovascular disease (CVD), it is unknown whether a history of pregnancy complications are related to multisite artery disease (MSAD), defined as atherosclerotic lesions in at least two major vascular beds. Pregnancy complications are an established risk factor for CVD. This study aimed to investigate the frequency of pregnancy complications and their association to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and prediction of MSAD in older women with and without CVD. Methods: In total, 556 women were invited to participate in the study. Of these women 307 reported former pregnancy from a cohort of women with (n = 233) and without CVD (n = 74). The self-reported frequency of pregnancy complications were surveyed retrospectively by a questionnaire that included miscarriage, subfertility, gestational hypertension (GHT) and/or preeclampsia (PE), low birth weight, preterm birth, bleeding in late pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and high birth weight. Three vascular beds were examined, the peripheral, carotid and coronary arteries. Results: The mean age was 67.5 (SD 9.5) years. GHT and/or PE tended to be more common, but not significant, in women with CVD than in women without (20.3% vs 10.8%, p = 0.066). Among women with GHT and/or PE, hypertension later in life were more frequent than in women without (66.7% vs 47.4%, p = 0.010). GHT and/or PE were not associated with specific atherosclerotic manifestations or prediction of MSAD. Conclusions: In older women with established CVD, pregnancy complications was not associated to specific atherosclerotic manifestations and may not provide additional value to the risk evaluation for MSAD.
Maternal diabetes during pregnancy and early onset of cardiovascular disease in offspring: Population based cohort study with 40 years of follow-up; Objective To evaluate the associations between maternal diabetes diagnosed before or during pregnancy and early onset cardiovascular disease (CVD) in offspring during their first four decades of life. Design Population based cohort study. Setting Danish national health registries. Participants All 2 432 000 liveborn children without congenital heart disease in Denmark during 1977-2016. Follow-up began at birth and continued until first time diagnosis of CVD, death, emigration, or 31 December 2016, whichever came first. Exposures for observational studies Pregestational diabetes, including type 1 diabetes (n=22 055) and type 2 diabetes (n=6537), and gestational diabetes (n=26 272). Main outcome measures The primary outcome was early onset CVD (excluding congenital heart diseases) defined by hospital diagnosis. Associations between maternal diabetes and risks of early onset CVD in offspring were studied. Cox regression was used to assess whether a maternal history of CVD or maternal diabetic complications affected these associations. Adjustments were made for calendar year, sex, singleton status, maternal factors (parity, age, smoking, education, cohabitation, residence at childbirth, history of CVD before childbirth), and paternal history of CVD before childbirth. The cumulative incidence was averaged across all individuals, and factors were adjusted while treating deaths from causes other than CVD as competing events. Results During up to 40 years of follow-up, 1153 offspring of mothers with diabetes and 91 311 offspring of mothers who did not have diabetes were diagnosed with CVD. Offspring of mothers with diabetes had a 29% increased overall rate of early onset CVD (hazard ratio 1.29 (95% confidence interval 1.21 to 1.37); cumulative incidence among offspring unexposed to maternal diabetes at 40 years of age 13.07% (12.92% to 13.21%), difference in cumulative incidence between exposed and unexposed offspring 4.72% (2.37% to 7.06%)). The sibship design yielded results similar to those of the unpaired design based on the whole cohort. Both pregestational diabetes (1.34 (1.25 to 1.43)) and gestational diabetes (1.19 (1.07 to 1.32)) were associated with increased rates of CVD in offspring. We also observed varied increased rates of specific early onset CVDs, particularly heart failure (1.45 (0.89 to 2.35)), hypertensive disease (1.78 (1.50 to 2.11)), deep vein thrombosis (1.82 (1.38 to 2.41)), and pulmonary embolism (1.91 (1.31 to 2.80)). Increased rates of CVD were seen in different age groups from childhood to early adulthood until age 40 years. The increased rates were more pronounced among offspring of mothers with diabetic complications (1.60 (1.25 to 2.05)). A higher incidence of early onset CVD in offspring of mothers with diabetes and comorbid CVD (1.73 (1.36 to 2.20)) was associated with the added influence of comorbid CVD but not due to the interaction between diabetes and CVD on the multiplicative scale (P value for interaction 0.94). Conclusions Children of mothers with diabetes, especially those mothers with a history of CVD or diabetic complications, have increased rates of early onset CVD from childhood to early adulthood. If maternal diabetes does have a causal association with increased CVD rate in offspring, the prevention, screening, and treatment of diabetes in women of childbearing age could help to reduce the risk of CVD in the next generation.
Is there an association between family history of diabetes mellitus and long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of offspring?; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was previously found to be an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of parturients and their offspring. The objective of this study was to investigate the association between family history of diabetes mellitus (DM) in non-diabetic mothers and long-term pediatric cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring. Study design: In a hospital-based cohort study, the incidence of cardiovascular disorders was compared between offspring of non-diabetic mothers with and without a family history of DM. Cardiovascular hospitalizations were assessed up until 18 years of age according to a predefined set of ICD-9 codes associated with hospitalization of offspring. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestations, mothers with pre-gestational or gestational diabetes, lack of prenatal care, and children with congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities. A Kaplan–Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative hospitalizations incidence. A cox proportional hazards model was performed to control for confounders. Results: A total of 208,728 deliveries were included in the study. Of them, 17,040 (8.2%) offspring were born to non-diabetic mothers with a family history of DM. Significant differences in the rates of IVF, induction of labor, obesity, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, smoking and birth weight were found between the two study groups. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations were comparable between the study groups (0.6% vs. 0.7%, p = 0.416). The Kaplan–Meier survival curve exhibited no difference in the cumulative incidence of total cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring (log-rank test, p = 0.271). A Cox regression model found that a family history of DM in non-diabetic mothers was not independently associated with long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring after controlling for the following confounders: maternal age, birth weight, caesarian section and maternal hypertensive disorders (aHR = 1.130, 95% CI 0.930–1.374, p = 0.220). Conclusion: A family history of DM in non-diabetic parturients, does not increase the risk for cardiovascular hospitalizations of their offspring.
Gestational Glycemic Parameters and Future Cardiometabolic Risk at Medium-Term Follow Up; Objectives: Gestational diabetes is known to be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular disease. However, it is not known which gestational glycemic parameters mediate this risk. The study's aim was to assess the relationship between gestational glycemic parameters and gestational diabetes with future cardiometabolic status. Methods: This cohort study comprised subjects who underwent assessment for gestational diabetes by means of a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test at Mater Dei Hospital, Malta, during 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. Carotid intima-media thickness was assessed as a marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries. Results: The mean age of the study population was 38.3±5.4 years. Of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes and individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests were associated with higher glycated hemoglobin, fasting plasma glucose, low-density-cholesterol and lower high-density-cholesterol levels and with the presence of the metabolic syndrome in both univariate and multivariate analyses after a median follow up of 8 years. Neither gestational diabetes nor individual glycemic parameters of intrapregnancy oral glucose tolerance tests was associated with current carotid intima-media thickness. Conclusions: Our results suggest that there is no threshold of glycemic parameters for predicting future cardiometabolic status. Our data also suggest that the known association between gestational diabetes and cardiovascular disease is mediated, at least in part, by higher postpregnancy glycemia and worse lipid profiles, even though these metabolic parameters often remain within the normal range.
Are Preeclampsia and Adverse Obstetrical Outcomes Predictors of Cardiovascular Disease? A Case-Control Study of Women With Heart Disease; Objective: This study sought to determine whether preeclampsia; gestational diabetes; and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm delivery are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life. Methods: This was a retrospective, age-matched, case-control study that surveyed 244 cases (women with confirmed coronary artery disease) and 246 controls (women who did not have coronary artery disease) on their obstetrical history and outcomes, as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors. Analyses were performed using SAS software version 9.1.3. (Canadian Task Force Classification II-2). Results: Women with coronary artery disease had significantly higher rates of maternal complications such as gestational hypertension (odds ratio [OR] 3.34; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03–10.9), as well as conventional vascular risk factors such as dyslipidemia (OR 5.38; 95% CI 2.70–10.7), hypertension (OR 2.40; 95% CI 1.23–4.70), diabetes (OR 2.32; 95% CI 1.07–5.01), and smoking (current smoker: OR; 4.82 95% CI 1.66–14.00; former smoker: OR 2.86; 95% CI 1.43–5.71). There were more cases with preeclampsia (9.8%, vs. 5.4% in controls); however, the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusion: Among the adverse maternal conditions, there was more gestational hypertension in women with coronary artery disease. In this study, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were the most important maternal risk factors for cardiovascular disease later in life and should be flagged early for close monitoring and/or intervention.
A retrospective cohort study of safety outcomes in New Zealand infants exposed to tdap vaccine in utero; We aimed to evaluate the safety of maternal Tdap; thus, we assessed health events by examining the difference in birth and hospital-related outcomes of infants with and without fetal exposure to Tdap. This was a retrospective cohort study using linked administrative datasets. The study population were all live-born infants in New Zealand (NZ) weighing at least 400 g at delivery and born to women who were eligible for the government funded, national-level vaccination program in 2013. Infants were followed from birth up to one year of age. There were a total of 69,389 eligible infants in the cohort. Of these, 8299 infants were born to 8178 mothers exposed to Tdap (12%), primarily between 28 and 38 weeks gestation as per the national schedule. Among the outcomes, we found a reduced risk for moderate to late preterm birth, low birth weight, small for gestational age, large for gestational age, respiratory distress syndrome, transient tachypnea of newborn, tachycardia or bradycardia, haemolytic diseases, other neonatal jaundice, anaemia, syndrome of infant of mother with gestational diabetes, and hypoglycemia in infants born to vaccinated mothers. There was no association between maternal Tdap, infant Apgar score at 5 min after birth, asphyxia, sepsis or infection, or hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Infant exposure to Tdap during pregnancy was associated with a higher mean birthweight (not clinically significant) and higher odds for ankyloglossia and neonatal erythema toxicum diagnoses. There were insufficient observations to allow examination of the effect of Tdap on extreme preterm and very preterm birth, and stillbirth, infant death, or microcephaly. Overall, we found no outcomes of concern associated with the administration of Tdap during pregnancy. NZ Health and Disability Ethics Committee Approval #14/N.T.A/169/AM05.
Management and Outcomes of Maturity-Onset Diabetes of the Young in Pregnancy; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a group of monogenic disorders that accounts for 1% to 5% of diabetes. The most common mutations are those in the hepatocyte nuclear factor-1-alpha (HNF-1-alpha) and in the glucokinase (GCK) genes. Although management of MODY is well established, no guidelines currently exist for management during pregnancy. Both maternal glycemic control and fetal mutation status are factors that may influence outcomes during pregnancy. The primary aim of this project was to describe cases of MODY during pregnancy to highlight the clinical implications of management of this disorder during pregnancy. The Ottawa Hospital is the primary referral centre for high-risk obstetrical patients, including those with diabetes in pregnancy, in Ottawa, Canada. Referrals between 2008 and 2018 were reviewed and a case series of three women and five pregnancies is described. Together with the illustrative cases, a literature review of MODY in pregnancy is used to highlight clinical considerations unique to MODY in pregnancy. We describe 5 pregnancies with MODY-2 (GCK mutation) and MODY 3 (HNF-1-alpha mutation). Important issues identified included monitoring of fetal growth and individualization of maternal glycemic control, particularly in cases where fetal mutation status is unknown. Management of MODY in pregnancy is challenging and there is little evidence to guide recommendations. Fetal growth can be used to guide management of maternal glycemic targets when fetal mutation status is unknown.
Potential impact of microRNA gene polymorphisms in the pathogenesis of diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease; MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, small (18–23 nucleotides), non-coding RNA molecules. They regulate the posttranscriptional expression of their target genes. MiRNAs control vital physiological processes such as metabolism, development, differentiation, cell cycle and apoptosis. The control of the gene expression by miRNAs requires efficient binding between the miRNA and their target mRNAs. Genome-wide association studies (GWASs) have suggested the association of single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) with certain diseases in various populations. Gene polymorphisms of miRNA target sites have been implicated in diseases such as cancers, diabetes, cardiovascular and Parkinson’s disease. Likewise, gene polymorphisms of miRNAs have been reported to be associated with diseases. In this review, we discuss the SNPs in miRNA genes that have been associated with diabetes and atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in different populations. We also discuss briefly the potential underlining mechanisms through which these SNPs increase the risk of developing these diseases.
Long-term consequences and prevention strategies for women with a history of gestational diabetes; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a significantly increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, postpartum depression, and other conditions. Scope of review: This review summarizes studies in which the long-term effects of GDM were investigated and the level of risk determined. The current state of research regarding optimal prevention strategies for these high-risk patients was analyzed. Conclusion: The long-term effects of GDM are not only limited to glucose metabolism disorders, but also pose a high risk of cardiovascular disease, cognitive and psychiatric impairments and malignancies. Suitable diabetes prevention strategies are lifestyle intervention programs, but pharmacological prevention has been proven successful in methodically well-conducted studies.
Analysis of big data for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features; Purpose: High rate of preterm birth (birth before 37 weeks of gestation) in the world, its negative outcomes for pregnant women and newborns necessitate to predict preterm birth and identify its main risk factors. Premature deliveries have been divided into provider-initiated (with medical intervention for early terminating the pregnancy) and spontaneous preterm birth (without any intervention) categories in the previous studies. The main aim of this study is proposing methods for prediction of provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature deliveries and ranking the predictive features. Methods: Data from national databank of Maternal and neonatal records (IMAN registry) is used in the study. The collected data have information about more than 1,400,000 deliveries with 112 features. Among them, 116,080 preterm births have occurred (from which 11,799 and 104,281 cases belong to provider-initiated preterm birth and spontaneous premature delivery, respectively). The data can be considered as big data due to its large number of data records, large number of the features and unbalanced distribution of the data between three classes of term, provider-initiated and spontaneous preterm birth. Therefore, we need to analyze data based on big data algorithms. In this paper, Map Reduce-based machine learning algorithms named MR-PB-PFS are proposed for this purpose. Map phase use parallel feature selection and classification methods to score the features. Reduce phase aggregates the feature scores obtained in Map phase and assign final scores to the features. Moreover, the classifiers trained in Map phase are aggregated based on two different ensemble rules in Reduce phase. Results: Experimental results show that the best performance of the proposed models for preterm birth prediction is accuracy of 81% and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) of 68%. Top features for predicting term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth identified in this study are having pregnancy risk factors, having gestational diabetes, having cardiovascular disease, maternal underlying diseases, and mother age. Chronic blood pressure is a high rank feature for preterm birth prediction and father nationality is highly important for discriminating provider-initiated from spontaneous premature delivery. Conclusions: Identifying the pregnant women with high risk of spontaneous premature or therapeutic preterm delivery in our proposed model can help them to: (1) reduce the probability of premature birth with monitoring and management of the main risk factors and/or (2) educate them to care from the premature newborn. Management and monitoring top features discriminating term, provider-initiated preterm and spontaneous premature birth or their associated factors can reduce preterm labor or its negative outcomes.
A year in type 2 diabetes mellitus: 2018 review based on the Endorama lecture; The aim of this article is to review and present the most important studies published in the field of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) during 2018. These studies were presented in a lecture given on this topic at the Endorama Meeting in Patras, Greece, in January 2019. In order to identify the most important and relevant articles, a search in the English language was conducted in PubMed for publications up to the end of December 2018, with special attention paid to publications in high impact factor journals. The highlights of the main Diabetes Meetings [ADA (American Diabetes Association) and EASD (European Association of Diabetes)], as well as Medscape, were also reviewed. Last but not least, press releases regarding advances in the diagnosis and treatment of T2DM were considered. We finally selected and discussed important studies concerning diagnosis, pathophysiology, and management of this very common clinical entity (19 studies). The majority of studies were clinical trials dealing with new therapeutic tools for treatment of the disease, with the greatest focus being on GLP-1RA. We also presented in brief the main points of new guidelines published for T2DM by various scientific societies (3 sets of guidelines). During 2018, not only leading diabetes associations published guidelines on the disease, but also societies belonging to other primary scientific fields. This is indicative of the awareness of physicians and scientists that T2DM constitutes today a major health problem and of the need for public health strategies for its treatment and prevention.
Ergometrine for postpartum hemorrhage and associated myocardial ischemia: Two case reports and a review of the literature; Ergometrine is recommended for use in the medical treatment of postpartum hemorrhage. Ergometrine can occasionally precipitate myocardial ischemia in the setting of significant anemia in women without preexisting cardiac risk factors, and it is important to recognize and treat myocardial ischemia in affected patients to prevent severe complications.
Risk of congenital heart defects in offspring exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed to assess the risk of congenital heart defects (CHDs) and its specific phenotypes associated with maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) including pregestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: PubMed, Embase, Medline, Google Scholar, Cochrane Libraries, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang Database, Chinese Scientific Journals Fulltext Database and China Biology Medicine disc were searched from the inception dates to 15 December 2018, to identify case–control or cohort studies assessing the association between maternal DM and risk of CHDs. The exposure of interest was maternal DM; the outcomes of interest were CHDs and its specific phenotypes. Either a fixed- or a random-effects model was used to calculate the overall combined risk estimates. Subgroup analyses were performed to explore potential heterogeneity moderators. Results: Total 52 studies, which involved 259,917 patients with CHDs among 16,929,835 participants, were included for analysis. Overall, mothers with DM compared with those without DM had a significantly higher risk of CHDs in offspring [odds ratios (OR) = 2.71, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 2.28–3.23]. When data were restricted to different types of DM, a significantly increased risk of CHDs was observed among mothers with PGDM (OR = 3.18, 95% CI 2.77–3.65) and GDM (OR = 1.98, 95% CI 1.66–2.36). Our study suggested the risk of CHDs was significantly higher among mothers with PGDM than those with GDM. Additionally, this study suggested maternal DM was significantly associated with most phenotypes of CHDs; of these, double outlet of the right ventricle (OR = 10.89; 95% CI 8.77–13.53), atrioventricular septal defect (OR = 5.74; 95% CI 3.20–10.27) and truncus arteriosus (OR = 5.06; 95% CI 2.65–9.65) were identified as the first three of the most common phenotypes of CHDs associated with maternal DM. Conclusions: The maternal DM including PGDM and GDM are significantly associated with risk of CHDs and its most phenotypes. The PGDM seems to be more likely to cause CHDs in offspring than GDM. Further studies are needed to clarify the underlying mechanisms.
The role of first trimester fetal heart rate in the prediction of gestational diabetes: A multicenter study; Objective: Early pregnancy models for prediction of GDM have been proposed, mostly using anamnestic and biochemical parameters. The aim of our study was to evaluate the strength of association of first trimester fetal heart rate (FHR) in predicting the development of gestational diabetes (GDM). Study design: We considered in our analysis singleton non-diabetic pregnant women who underwent a first trimester screening at 11–14 weeks. Data on maternal age, BMI, cigarette smoking, NT, FHR, CRL, DV-PVI, β-hCG and PAPP-A were included in the analysis. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the association between maternal characteristics and first-trimester ultrasound measurements and GDM. We evaluated the efficacy of different models for the prediction of GDM. Results: We considered 603 women, of whom 199 (33%) were subsequently diagnosed with GDM. ROC analysis showed that first trimester FHR was highly predictive of GDM (AUC 0.809, 95% CI 0.769–0.849, p < 0.001). At FPR of 20%, first trimester FHR had a detection rate of 65.2% for GDM (positive likelihood ratio: 3.26; negative likelihood ratio: 0.43), which increased to 89.5% at FPR of 40% (positive likelihood ratio: 2.24; negative likelihood ratio: 0.17). When considering as threshold 162 bpm, FHR showed detection rate of 76.9%, specificity of 67.1% and negative predictive value of 85.5% for GDM. Conclusion: This is the first study to highlight the potential role of first trimester FHR as early predictor of GDM. In our cohort, a threshold of 162 bpm has shown high detection rate and NPV for GDM.
Senning Procedure for Physiological Atrial Inversion With Left Atrial Isomerism; The authors present the case of an infant with left atrial isomerism with complex pulmonary and systemic venous connections that resulted in…
Pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators: Primary care approach to postpartum management and prevention of future disease; Objective: To define pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators and their association with developing future cardiovascular disease (CVD), and to provide guidance on how primary care providers can help lower future CVD risk through early identification and intervention. Sources of information: Primary research sources, systematic reviews and meta-analyses, and clinical review articles. Main message: Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women. As underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, idiopathic preterm birth, delivery of a baby with intrauterine growth restriction, or placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Conclusion: Women with 1 or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and have formalized postpartum followup, including a thorough history, a physical examination, biochemical screening, counseling around lifestyle modification, and possible therapeutic intervention. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
The effect of labor epidural analgesia on labor, delivery, and neonatal outcomes: a propensity score-matched analysis in a single Japanese institute; Purpose: Lumbar epidural analgesia (LEA) is the most widely used method in reducing labor pain. Previous RCTs have shown that LEA does not increase cesarean section rates; however, the results are inconsistent and may vary depending on the different backgrounds. Therefore, we aimed to study whether LEA would affect the course of labor in our institute. Methods: Delivery records from October 2013 to April 2016 were collected. Deliveries at gestational age < 36 weeks and multiple pregnancies were excluded. All cases were divided into the non-epidural labor (NEL) group or the epidural labor (EL) group. We performed a propensity score matching analysis to balance intergroup differences. Our primary outcome was a mode of delivery (spontaneous, assisted vaginal, cesarean). Secondary outcomes were lengths of labor and outcomes of the neonates. Results: During the study period, 2632 cases met the inclusion criteria. All analyses were performed after propensity score matching (218 pairs). The percentage of assisted vaginal delivery increased by the use of LEA (11.5% in NEL group vs 25.7% in EL group; p < 0.001), but the rate of cesarean section was similar (12.8% vs 17.0%; p = 0.23). The durations of the first and second stages of labor were prolonged by the use of LEA in both primipara and multipara women. Outcomes of the neonates were similar in both groups. Conclusion: Use of LEA did not increase the rate of cesarean section when analyzed by propensity score-matched analysis in our institute.
Rising Cesarean Rates: Are Primary Sections Overused?; Doubling of C-section rates from year 2000 to 2015 globally was declared an eye-opener on October 13, 2018, in FIGO World Congress. Rapid increase in rates without clear evidence of concomitant decrease in maternal or neonatal morbidity or mortality raises significant concern that cesarean delivery is overused. This review addresses issues related to exponentially rising rates, reasons for it, and strategies to reduce. Previous cesarean delivery has main contribution to rising rates as per evidence from the literature search in last 5 years. Focus on optimizing indications of primary C-section resulted in making us rethink modifiable indications like labor dystocia, indeterminate fetal heart rate tracing, suspected fetal macrosomia, malposition, risk-adapted obstetrics, litigation fears, on demand cesarean in literate women and overuse of labor induction. Use of uniform classification system (Robson/WHO classification) with recommendations of WHO, FIGO and annual audits with cloud-based anonymous registry will streamline decisions for cesarean in nullipara and help to control the situation.
Gestational diabetes mellitus; Hyperglycaemia that develops during pregnancy and resolves after birth has been recognized for over 50 years, but uniform worldwide consensus is lacking about threshold hyperglycaemic levels that merit a diagnosis of ‘gestational diabetes mellitus’ (GDM) and thus treatment during pregnancy. GDM is currently the most common medical complication of pregnancy, and prevalence of undiagnosed hyperglycaemia and even overt diabetes in young women is increasing. Maternal overweight and obesity, later age at childbearing, previous history of GDM, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus and ethnicity are major GDM risk factors. Diagnosis is usually performed using an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), although a non-fasting, glucose challenge test (GCT) is used in some parts of the world to screen women for those requiring a full OGTT. Dietary modification and increased physical activity are the primary treatments for GDM, but pharmacotherapy, usually insulin, is used when normoglycaemia is not achieved. Oral hypoglycaemic agents, principally metformin and glibenclamide (glyburide), are also used in some countries. Treatment improves immediate pregnancy outcomes, reducing excess fetal growth and adiposity and pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders. GDM increases the risk of long-term complications, including obesity, impaired glucose metabolism and cardiovascular disease, in both the mother and infant. Optimal management of mother and infant during long-term follow-up remains challenging, with very limited implementation of preventive strategies in most parts of the world.
Persistent pollutants: Focus on perfluorinated compounds and kidney; Purpose of reviewThere is increasing interest in the environmental and human damage caused by pollutants. Big efforts are continuously made to monitor their levels and identify safe thresholds. For this purpose, an essential step is to prioritize harmful substances and understand their effect on human body. Perfluorinated compounds (PFCs) deserve particular attention because of their wide diffusion and potential correlation with different diseases including glucose intolerance, hyperlipidaemia, thyroid diseases, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension, testicular and genitourinary cancer as well as impaired kidney function. This review focuses on the renal effects of PFCs, with the attempt to clarify their occurrence and pathogenetic mechanisms.Recent findingsWe reviewed MEDLINE and EMBASE citations between 31 October 2017 and 31 May 2019 and selected human studies measuring PFCs exposure, kidney function markers and the ability of haemodialysis to remove PFCs from the circulating blood. It has been currently clarified that exposure to PFCs is linked with an impaired kidney function and that they can be removed by blood purification.SummaryFurther studies are required on the potential synergic negative effect of PFCs co-exposure with other pollutants as well as animal studies about the removal capacity of different haemodialysis membranes.
Updates in laboratory testing for diabetes; Type 2 diabetes is increasing in prevalence worldwide at an alarming rate. People with diabetes have a two to four-fold risk of acute myocardial infarction and stroke: 50% of people with diabetes die of acute myocardial infarction and 25% die of stroke. Diabetes is the commonest cause of blindness, end stage kidney disease (chronic kidney disease Stage 5) and leg amputations in the world. It is, therefore, crucial for people with diabetes to have not only good glucose control but also optimal control of other cardiovascular risk factors, for example, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, obesity and smoking. The laboratory plays a crucial role in the diagnosis of diabetes as well as in monitoring glycaemic control. HbA1c is now used for both the diagnosis of diabetes and in the assessment of diabetes control. However, since HbA1c reflects the glucose control over the past two to three months it should not be used to diagnose type 1 diabetes or gestational diabetes where the diabetes can develop rapidly over a short period of time. It is important to ensure that lipid levels are optimised to reduce cardiovascular risk and to monitor patients' renal function (serum creatinine and eGFR using CKD-EPI formula as well as urine albumin/creatinine ratio on a first void urine sample). Insulin and/or C-peptide measurement may be useful in ascertaining the body's ability to produce insulin and help differentiate type 1 from type 2 diabetes although insulin and C-peptide levels can be low in the presence of glucose toxicity even in patients with type 2 diabetes and should be measured when glucose control has been good for several weeks. Islet Cell Cytoplasmic Autoantibodies (ICA); Insulin Autoantibodies (IAA); Glutamic Acid Decarboxylase-65 Autoantibodies (GAD65); Insulinoma-Associated-2 Autoantibodies (IA-2A); Zinc Transporter-8 Autoantibodies (ZnT8A) may be present in type 1 diabetes. GAD65 autoantibodies can accurately predict T1D development in combination with other surrogate humoral biomarkers and they are considered the most sensitive and specific biomarker which identifies a subset of clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes termed Latent Autoimmune Diabetes in Adults (LADA). Type 1 diabetes may be part of a pluriglandular autoimmune syndrome and the patient with type 1 diabetes may also develop hypothyroidism or hyperthyroidism, and/or Addison's disease. It is important to measure thyroid hormones at least annually in patients with type 1 diabetes or sooner if symptoms of hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism develop. The homeostasis model assessment 2 (HOMA2) is a method used to estimate beta cell function (HOMA-%B), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-%S) and insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) from fasting glucose and insulin or C-peptide levels.
Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and later risk of cardiovascular disease: Women's experiences and motivation for lifestyle changes explored in focus group interviews; Background: Preeclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both associated with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Knowledge of the relationship between these pregnancy complications and increased CVD risk enables early prevention through lifestyle changes. This study aimed to explore women's experiences with PE and/or GDM, and their motivation and need for information and support to achieve lifestyle changes. Methods: Systematic text condensation was used for thematic analysis of meaning and content of data from five focus group interviews with 17 women with PE and/or GDM, with a live birth between January 2015 and October 2017. Results: This study provides new knowledge of how women with GDM and/or PE experience pregnancy complications in a Nordic healthcare model. It reveals the support they want and the important motivating factors for lifestyle change. We identified six themes: Trivialization of the diagnosis during pregnancy; Left to themselves to look after their own health; The need to process the shock before making lifestyle changes (severe PE); A desire for information about future disease risk and partner involvement; Practical solutions in a busy life with a little one, and; Healthcare professionals can reinforce the turning point. The women with GDM wanted healthcare professionals to motivate them to continue the lifestyle changes introduced during pregnancy. Those with severe PE felt a need for individualized care to ensure that they had processed their traumatic labor experiences before making lifestyle changes. Participants wanted their partner to be routinely involved to ensure a joint understanding of the need for lifestyle changes. Motivation for lifestyle changes in pregnancy was linked to early information and seeing concrete results. Conclusions: Women with PE and GDM have different experiences of diagnosis and treatment, which will affect the follow-up interventions to reduce future CVD risk through lifestyle change. For GDM patients, lifestyle changes in pregnancy should be reinforced and continued postpartum. Women with PE should be informed by their general practitioner after birth, and given a plan for lifestyle change. Those with severe PE will need help in processing the trauma, and stress management should be routinely offered.
Fertility preservation with successful pregnancy outcome in a patient with transplanted heart and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma-a case report; Background: Fertility preservation must be discussed with reproductive age women before cancer treatment. Heart transplantation raises complex issues in pregnancy. Pregnancy in a heart transplant woman after pelvic irradiation involves close multidisciplinary follow-up to avoid complications in the mother and the foetus. We report the first live birth in a heart transplant woman after pelvic irradiation, chemotherapy and fertility preservation. Case presentation: A 36-year-old heart transplant woman with pelvic non-Hodgkin lymphoma spared her fertility, with cryopreservation of oocytes and embryos, before chemotherapy and pelvic irradiation. After multidisciplinary discussion and pre-conception evaluation, pregnancy was achieved. A close follow-up by a multidisciplinary team allowed a normal pregnancy without maternal or foetal complications and the delivery of a healthy infant. Conclusions: Achieving pregnancy in heart transplant women with iatrogenic ovarian failure after oncologic treatment including pelvic irradiation is possible and can be successful. Careful and close surveillance by a multidisciplinary team is mandatory due to increased risk of maternal and foetal complications.
Factors affecting the outcome of pregnancy with rheumatic heart disease: an experience from low-middle income country; Studies on pregnancy with rheumatic heart disease (RHD), still common in the developing world, are relatively old and small. This retrospective study was conducted to study the outcome of pregnancy in women with RHD and factors associated with poor outcome. We studied 353 pregnancies in 273 women. In 35% of the patients, the diagnosis was first made during index pregnancy. Women with severe MS had lesser gestational age at delivery and birth weight than those with mild-to-moderate MS. Women with NYHA III-IV status delivered at lesser gestational age had lesser birth weight and had higher perinatal and maternal mortality than NYHA I-II status. Pregnancy outcome was better among women who underwent Balloon mitral valvotomy (BMV) when indicated than those who did not. Cardiac complications were higher in women with severe MS and poor NYHA status. Early booking is important for the optimal outcome. BMV is safe during pregnancy and should be done when necessary.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Rheumatic heart disease continues to be the major cause of maternal morbidity and mortality in developing countries. Most of the recent studies discuss pregnancy with heart disease as a whole with RHD being a part. What do the results of this study add? A large number of women in developing countries conceive with unknown underlying heart disease. Late access to antenatal care is associated with poor outcome. Cardiac and obstetric complications are significantly higher in women with severe mitral stenosis and poor NYHA functional status. Balloon mitral valvotomy (BMV) during pregnancy is safe and technically feasible. BMV averts major complications that may occur due to severe disease. Patients with RHD can undergo labour and vaginal delivery under vigilant monitoring. What are the implications for clinical practice? Thorough clinical examination by the clinician at initial visit is important to detect unknown heart disease. Symptoms pointing towards underlying heart disease should prompt evaluation. This study provides evidence for population-based screening for heart disease in women. Optimal management of compensated mitral stenosis requires weighing the risks and benefits of pharmacological therapy versus BMV in the context of maternal condition. BMV should be performed when necessary.
Nutrigenetics, epigenetics and human reproduction; In recent years, great attention has been devoted to the genetic mechanisms able to affect the individual susceptibility to common diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes and cancer, grouped together under the definition of “Chronic Non Communicable Diseases” (NCS). Although lifestyle is considered to play a crucial role in such susceptibility, several gene variants involved in the metabolism of food have been demonstrated to affect the individual risk to develop NCD. The study of these variants (“nutrigenetics”), could represent a very powerful tool in the prevention of NCD, as evidenced by data collected in pregnant women suggesting that the presence of a single SNPs within the TCF7L2 gene is able to increase the risk of gestational diabetes with a 2.5 OR. However, in addition to nutrigenetics, very recently further studies have focused on the concept of “nutrigenomics”, that is the modification in gene expression mediated by diet. It has been demonstrated that early nutritional experiences, and even pre-natal or pre-conceptional parental diet, can affect not only the health of the embryo, but also the long-life health after birth, inducing and increased risk of NCD.
Postpartum Interventions to Reduce Long-Term Cardiovascular Disease Risk in Women After Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy: A Systematic Review; Introduction: Hypertensive disorders (HDP) affect ~7% of pregnancies. Epidemiological evidence strongly suggests HDP independently increases that individual's risk of later cardiovascular disease (CVD). Focus on reduction or mitigation of this risk has been limited. This review seeks to identify trialed interventions to reduce cardiovascular risk after HDP. Methods: Online medical databases were searched to identify full-text published results of randomized controlled trials (RCT) in women <10 years postpartum after HDP that trialed interventions to reduce cardiovascular risk. Outcomes sought included cardiovascular disease events, chronic hypertension, and other measures of cardiovascular risk such as obesity, smoking status, diet, and physical activity. Publications from January 2008 to July 2019 were included. Results: Two RCTs were identified. One, a trial of calcium vs. placebo in 201 women with calcium commenced from the first follow-up visit outside of pregnancy and continued until 20 weeks' gestation if another pregnancy occurred. A non-significant trend toward decreased blood pressure was noted. The second RCT of 151 women tested an online education programme (vs. general information to control group) to increase awareness of risk factors and personalized phone-based lifestyle coaching in women who had a preeclampsia affected pregnancy in the 5 years preceding enrolment. Significant findings included increase in knowledge of CVD risk factors, reported healthy eating and decreased physical inactivity, however adoption of a promoted heart healthy diet and physical activity levels did not differ significantly between groups. Several observational studies after HDP, and one meta-analysis of studies of lifestyle interventions not performed specifically after HDP but used to extrapolate likely benefits of lifestyle interventions, were identified which supported the use of lifestyle interventions. Several ongoing RCTs were also noted. Discussion: There is a paucity of intervention trials in the early years after HDP to guide evidence-based cardiovascular risk reduction in affected women. Limited evidence suggests lifestyle intervention may be effective, however degree of any risk reduction remains uncertain. Conclusion: Sufficiently powered randomized controlled trials of appropriate interventions (e.g., lifestyle behavior change, pharmacological) are required to assess the best method of reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease in this at-risk population of women.
Screening Glucose Challenge Test in Pregnancy Can Identify Women With an Adverse Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Factor Profile: Implications for Cardiovascular Risk Reduction; Background: The 1-hour glucose challenge test (GCT) is routinely performed in pregnancy to screen for gestational diabetes mellitus. Remarkably, it has recently emerged that the GCT can also predict a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease, although the mechanistic basis of this relationship is unclear. In this context we hypothesized that a higher GCT may identify women with an otherwise unrecognized adverse cardiovascular phenotype. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between the antepartum GCT and subsequent postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. Methods and Results: In this study 503 women completed a screening GCT in late second trimester and then underwent cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum, whereupon traditional (blood pressure, glucose, lipids) and nontraditional (apolipoprotein B, C-reactive protein, adiponectin) cardiovascular risk factors were compared across GCT tertiles. At 3 months postpartum, each of the following risk factors progressively worsened from the lowest to middle to highest GCT tertile: fasting glucose (P=0.0002), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol:high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.004), triglycerides (P=0.001), apolipoprotein B (P=0.001), and adiponectin (P=0.02). On multiple linear regression analyses, the GCT emerged as a significant independent predictor of higher fasting glucose (P=0.0006), 2-hour glucose (P<0.0001), total cholesterol: high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.0004), triglycerides (P=0.001), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.01), and apolipoprotein B (P=0.004) and of lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (P=0.02) and adiponectin (P=0.0099). Moreover, these independent associations persisted after excluding women who had gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: The antepartum GCT can identify women with an adverse underlying cardiovascular risk factor phenotype.
Outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate the outcomes of vacuum-assisted vaginal deliveries (VAD) among neonates of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Study design: Retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestation ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation who underwent VAD at a single, tertiary, medical center (2007–2014). Women with GDM and their neonates were compared to women without diabetes and their neonates. Composite neonatal outcome was defined as ≥1 of the following: shoulder dystocia, 5-min Apgar score <7, asphyxia, seizure, subgaleal, subarachnoid or subdural hemorrhage, fracture of the clavicle, humerus or skull, or Erb’s palsy. Results: Overall, 251 (5.2%) women with GDM were compared with 4534 (94.8%) women without GDM. Women with GDM were older, delivered earlier, with higher rates of mild preeclampsia and induction of labor. Their neonates had higher mean birth weight percentile, and higher rates of hypoglycemia, phototherapy, fracture of the humerus (3.2 versus 1.1%, aOR 2.95, 95%CI 1.38–6.30), and subarachnoid hemorrhage (1.2 versus 0.3%, aOR 4.56, 95%CI 1.28–16.26). No difference was found with regards to the composite neonatal outcome (9.2 versus 11.1%, p =.34). Conclusions: GDM is associated with a higher risk for certain birth injuries in VAD at ≥37 + 0 weeks of gestation, yet the overall risk of adverse neonatal outcomes is comparable to women without GDM.
Follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents: a core outcome set using a Delphi survey; Aims/hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with a higher lifetime risk for the development of impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, postpartum depression and tumours. Despite this, there is no consistency in the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Further, the outcomes selected and reported in the research involving this population are heterogeneous and lack standardisation. This amplifies the risk of reporting bias and diminishes the likelihood of significant comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a core outcome set (COS) for RCTs and other studies evaluating the long-term follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/oral glucose-lowering agents. Methods: The study consisted of three work packages: (1) a systematic review of the outcomes reported in previous RCTs of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents; (2) a three-round online Delphi survey with key stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) a consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. Results: Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers were included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In round 2, 190 of 288 (65.9%) participants responded and in round 3, 165 of 190 (86.8%) participants responded. In total, nine outcomes were selected and agreed for inclusion in the final COS: assessment of glycaemic status; diagnosis of type 2 diabetes since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies since the index pregnancy; number of pregnancies with a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy; diagnosis of prediabetes since the index pregnancy; BMI; post-pregnancy weight retention; resting blood pressure; and breastfeeding. Conclusions/interpretation: This study identified a COS that will help bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in clinical trials and other studies involving the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women diagnosed with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral glucose-lowering agents during pregnancy.
Guideline No. 391-Pregnancy and Maternal Obesity Part 1: Pre-conception and Prenatal Care; Objective: This guideline will review key aspects in the pregnancy care of women with obesity. Part I will focus on pre-conception and pregnancy care. Part II will focus on team planning for delivery and Postpartum Care. Intended Users: All health care providers (obstetricians, family doctors, midwives, nurses, anaesthesiologists) who provide pregnancy-related care to women with obesity. Target Population: Women with obesity who are pregnant or planning pregnancies. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to September 2018. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Validation Methods: The content and recommendations were drafted and agreed upon by the authors. Then the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Committee peer reviewed the content and submitted comments for consideration, and the Board of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada (SOGC) approved the final draft for publication. Areas of disagreement were discussed during meetings, at which time consensus was reached. The level of evidence and quality of the recommendation made were described using the Evaluation of Evidence criteria of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Implementation of the recommendations in these guidelines may increase obstetrical provider recognition of the issues affected pregnant individuals with obesity, including clinical prevention strategies, communication between the health care team, the patient and family as well as equipment and human resource planning. It is hoped that regional, provincial and federal agencies will assist in the education and support of coordinated care for pregnant individuals with obesity. Guideline Update: SOGC guidelines will be automatically reviewed 5 years after publication. However, authors can propose another review date if they feel that 5 years is too short/long based on their expert knowledge of the subject matter. Sponsors: This guideline was developed with resources funded by the SOGC. Summary Statements: 1 Maternal obesity carries both maternal and fetal risks (II-2). 2 There are limited options for weight loss and management during pregnancy (II-2). 3 Guidelines can assist with individualized recommendations regarding maternal gestational weight gain and calorie and nutrient intake during pregnancy (II-2). 4 Maternal obesity is a risk factor for fetal macrosomia (II-2). 5 The accuracy of fetal imaging for pregnancy dating, anatomical assessment, and fetal weight estimates is reduced in the setting of maternal obesity (II-2). 6 Stillbirth is more common with maternal obesity (II-1). 7 Multiple gestations carry additional risks in pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity (II-2). 8 Weight loss surgery before pregnancy, while generally conferring benefits to mother and fetus, also carries rare and serious morbidity during gestation (II-1). Recommendations: 1 Weight management strategies prior to pregnancy may include dietary, exercise, medical, and surgical approaches. When pursued before pregnancy, health benefits may carry forward into future pregnancies (III B). 2 As obesity carries many medical risks, assessment for conditions of the cardiac, pulmonary, renal, endocrine, and skin systems, as well as obstructive sleep apnea, is warranted in the pre-pregnancy period (II-3 B). 3 Folic acid supplementation in the 3 months prior to conception is warranted given the increased risks of congenital abnormalities of the fetal heart and neural tube related to maternal obesity (II-2 A). 4 It is recommended that both monitoring of gestational weight gain and approaches for gestational weight gain management be formally integrated into routine prenatal care (III A). 5 There is good evidence to support the role of exercise in pregnancy (I A). 6 There is good evidence to support supplementation with folic acid (at least 0.4 mg) and vitamin D (400 IU) during pregnancy (II-2 A). 7 Fetal macrosomia may be altered by well-controlled maternal gestational weight gain (II-2 A). 8 Increased fetal surveillance for well-being is suggested in the third trimester if the reduced fetal movements are reported, given the increased rate of stillbirth (II-3). 9 Aspirin prophylaxis can be recommended for women with obesity when other risk factors are present for the prevention of preeclampsia (I A). 10 It is recommended that delivery be considered at 39–40 weeks gestation for women with a body mass index of 40 kg/m2 or greater given the increased rate of stillbirth (II-2 A). 11 Multiple gestations in women with obesity require increased surveillance and may benefit from consultation with a Maternal-Fetal Medicine consultant, especially in the setting of monochorionic gestations (II-2 A). 12 Pregnancy after weight loss surgery may benefit from Maternal-Fetal Medicine consultation given the potential for significant albeit rare maternal morbidity (III B).
Standardized outcomes in reproductive cardiovascular care: The STORCC initiative; Background: Validated protocols for diagnostic testing and management of pregnant women with cardiovascular disease (CVD) do not exist. Our objective was to establish a prospective standardized protocol for the clinical evaluation of pregnant women with CVD. Methods: The Standardized Outcomes in Reproductive Cardiovascular Care (STORCC) initiative prospectively enrolled pregnant women with CVD into a standardized diagnostic testing and assessment protocol. Detailed cardiac and obstetric data were collected during the antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum periods. Each woman was assigned a STORCC color code of perceived risk at a monthly multidisciplinary conference. Results: In 250 pregnancies of 207 women with CVD, the standardized care protocol was followed in 136 and routine care in 114. The median age of the subjects was 32 years, and the most common form of heart disease was congenital heart disease (77%). Women enrolled in standardized care protocol had high compliance with second- and third-trimester visits (93%) and postpartum visits (76%). Maternal cardiac complications occurred in 10%. The STORCC cardiac and obstetric color codes predicted adverse outcomes within each respective category (P = .02, .01). Conclusions: The STORCC protocol for prospective diagnostic testing and follow-up of pregnant women with CVD was successfully established, and compliance was high. The strength of a standardized testing and care protocol as well as detailed classification of labor and delivery characteristics allows for robust analyses into specific questions regarding testing protocols, and mode and timing of delivery.
Gestational diabetes(GDM) as Great Obstetrical Syndrome(GOS); Object: We can refer to Gestational diabetes (GDM) as Great Obstetrical Syndrome (GOS) because GDM appears just during pregnancy but can develop into Diabetes Mellitus (DM) later in life. Likewise, babies delivered from mothers with GDM have health risks both soon after delivery and in later life. There are three reasons why GDM can be considered GOS 1 - In Japan after HAPO study, diagnosis of GDM became more accurate. Before the HAPO study around 1 to 3% of all pregnancies showed GDM, but after the study, this rose to around 10 to 15%. 2 - The number of women with GDM who go on to develop problems later in life is high, which is why we need to be aware of this at the time of pregnancy. Pregnancy can be considered a stress-test for later life. 3 - A high rate of babies born to mothers with GDM develops RDS, hyperglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and so on. Later in life they may develop Cardio Vascular Disease (CVD) and DM. In this study I confirm these three points through placental pathology. Method: I studied 239 cases of GDM, diagnosed by 75g of OGTT, over a period of 6 years. In each of the 239 cases, I checked the clinical record and examined the placenta. GDM is defined by even one-point positive in three glucose level checks, with the base being 92 at 0 minutes and then, after oral glucose,180 at 60 minutes, and 153 at 120 minutes. Results: From the 239 cases, by microscopic examination, I diagnosed 57 cases of thrombosis in decidua -23.8% Maternal side 40 cases of villous vessels abnormality -16.7% Baby’s side Conclusions: In the past we did not have the opportunity to examine a large number of GDM placentas, but with this study I examined 250 placentas over a six-year period, demonstrating an increase in awareness of the importance of placental pathology in GDM. This shows a change in thinking among obstetricians. Secondly, in this study I showed through placental pathology, that mother’s vessels problems during pregnancy can continue to have an impact on cardiovascular disease later in life. Thirdly, this study showed that vascular problems in the mother can also continue to have an effect in later life on cardiovascular disease in the baby. Placental pathology is basically for the mother and baby, but it is also a vital tool not only for obstetricians, but also for internal medicine and pediatrics. That is why GDM can be referred to as GOS.
Engaging the ASEAN diaspora: Type 2 diabetes prevalence, pathophysiology, and unique risk factors among filipino migrants in the United States; Type 2 diabetes prevalence is rising rapidly in Southeast Asia (SEA) where urbanization and adoption of ‘western’ behavioral lifestyles are attributed as predominant risk factors. The Southeast Asian diaspora to the United States has resulted in a sizable portion of migrant and US born SEAs, with approximately 4 million Filipino Americans, 2 million Vietnamese-Americans, Cambodians (330,000), and Thai (300,000) as the most populous. Their longer exposure to a western lifestyle and participation in clinical studies with other racial/ethnic groups, provide opportunities to evaluate etiologic factors which might inform trends and intervention opportunities among residents of Southeast Asia. Epidemiologic studies in the US have identified higher T2D prevalence among Filipinos (16.1%) compared to groups perceived to be at highest risk for T2D, namely Latinos (14.0%), Black (13.7%), and Native Americans (13.4%), while SEAs (including Burmese, Cambodian, Indonesian, Laotian, Malaysian, and Thai, 10.5%) and Vietnamese (9.9%) had higher T2D risk compared to Whites (7.7%), despite their absence of general obesity. Asian-Americans, including SEAs, East and South Asians, collectively have higher rates of undiagnosed T2D compared to other racial/ethnic groups in the US. Almost half (44%) of Filipinos with newly diagnosed T2D have isolated post-challenge hyperglycemia and will remain undiagnosed if current screening practices remain limited to measures of glycosylated hemoglobin and fasting plasma glucose. The University of California San Diego Filipino Health Study found excess visceral adipose tissue accumulation, low ratio of muscle to total abdominal mass area, low adiponectin concentration, multiparity (≥ 6 live births), and sleep insufficiency (<7 hours) to be unique T2D risk factors among Filipino-American women, even after adjusting for established T2D risk factors including hypertension and parental history of T2D. Social determinants such as low educational attainment (less than college completion), and sustained social disadvantage during childhood and adulthood were independently associated with T2D risk. Gestational diabetes is a known risk factor for future T2DM among women; Northern California data shows that following Asian Indians, gestational diabetes was highest among Filipina and SEA parturients, who had twice the GDM prevalence as Black, Hispanic, and White women. Identification of novel T2D risk factors among SEAs may guide early diagnosis, inform pathophysiology, and identify unique opportunities for T2D prevention and management.
Evaluation of Mean ‘R’ Wave Amplitude in Lead V1 of ECG to Rule out Major Cardiac Abnormality Among Term New-born Infants; Objective To determine the mean QRS complex amplitude in Lead V1 and mean for other ECG parameters for term new-born infants of India. Background Most of the age related changes in paediatric ECGS are related to the changes in the ratio of left ventricle to the right ventricle weight. At birth the right ventricle is thicker than the left ventricle. Physiological right ventricular dominance is seen in the new-born babies.normal values of QRS voltages vary by race.African-americans have a higher limit upper normal limit of QRS voltages than do the Euro-Americans Justification Of Study In new-born normally right ventricular hypertrophy is seen. It is essential to determine the mean QRS amplitude in normal new-born to differentiate between new-born physiological hypertrophy and pathological hypertrophy. Previous studies were conducted among African American population and this is the first study in Indian population Study Design - descriptive cross sectional study Group Term new-born infants within 3 days of life Sample Size n=72 n=(tˆ(2 ×) P(1-P))/mˆ2 n=required sample size t=confidence level at 95%(standard value of 1.96) p=5% variation expected compared to reference value of previous study m= margins of error at 5% (standard value of 0.05) n=(1.96×1.96×0.05×0.05)/(0.05×0.05) n=72 Duration Of Study -1 Year Inclusion Critera Term 0-3 days of life Exclusion Criteria Sick babies >3 days of life Infant of diabetic mother Resuscitated babies New born with congenital heart disease Conclusions 1. The mean R wave amplitude was 11.56mm with SD of 2.96 mm with 5 th and 95th percentile 6.85 mm and 16.15 mm respectively for the Indian population. 2. The mean qtc inv observed by the bazett formula was 405.49 ms with sd of 42.013 with 5th percentile & 95th percentile of 330.55 and 472.75 ms respectively. 3. The mean qtc interval Fridericia formula 357.14 ms, sd of 34.072ms with 95%CI for mean349.36-364.93 ms. The measurement of qtc by fridericia formula predicts qtc more correctly in the new born since the new-born heart rate is usually more than 100/min 4. The mean heart rate was 125.75/min with the sd of 15.44 with 5th and 95th percentile 93.7&149 /min respectively. 5. The mean PR inv was 102.67 ms with SD of 12.978 with 5th and 95th percentile 82&126.15 ms respectively. 6. The mean QRS duration was 61.47 ms with SD of 8.709 with 5th percentile & 95th percentile of 44.8 and 76 ms respectively 7. The mean P wave axis in Indian population was 44.72 degree, 5&95th percentile of 22&70 respectively. 8. The mean QRS wave axis in Indian population was 115.49 degree, 5&95th percentile of 91&151 respectively 9. The mean T wave axis in Indian population was 39.87 degree, 5&95th percentile of -19&62 respectively [Formula presented]
The Burden of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in South Asians Residing in Canada: A Reflection From the South Asian Heart Alliance; South Asians (SAs), originating from the Indian subcontinent (India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, and Bhutan), represent one quarter of the global population and are the largest visible minority in Canada. SAs experience the highest rates of coronary artery disease in Canada. Although conventional cardiovascular risk factors remain predictive in SA, the excess risk is not fully explained by these risk factors alone. Abdominal obesity, metabolic syndrome, and insulin resistance likely contribute a greater risk in SAs than in other populations. The South Asian Heart Alliance has been recently formed to investigate and recommend the best strategies for the prevention of cardiometabolic disease in SAs in Canada. This topic review represents a comprehensive overview of the magnitude of cardiovascular disease in SAs in Canada, with a review of conventional and novel risk markers in the SA population. Both primary and secondary prevention strategies are suggested and when possible, adapted specifically for the SA population. The need for SAs and their healthcare professionals to be more aware of the problem and potential solutions, along with the need for population-specific research, is highlighted.
Recent trend in rise of caesarean section in multigravida and primigravida; There is a trend towards an rise in the rate of the Caesarian section globally. With enhanced safety following the advent of contemporary anaesthesia, blood transfusion equipment and greater antibiotics, the signs for the cesarean section are liberalized to include dystocia, placenta previa, fetal distress, BOH, and others.
Congenital heart disease and autism: A case-control study; OBJECTIVES: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and autism spectrum disorders (AuSDs) is less well understood. Using administrative data, we sought to determine the association between CHD and AuSD and identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. METHODS: We performed a 1:3 case-control study of children enrolled in the US Military Health System from 2001 to 2013. Children with International Classification of Disease, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes for AuSD were identified as cases and matched with controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrollment time frame. Each child's records were reviewed for CHD lesions and associated procedures. Conditional logistic regression determined odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for comparative associations. RESULTS: There were 8760 cases with AuSD and 26 280 controls included in the study. After adjustment for genetic syndrome, maternal age, gestational diabetes, short gestation, newborn epilepsy, birth asphyxia, and low birth weight, there were increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD (OR 1.32; 95% CI 1.10-1.59). Specific lesions with significant OR included atrial septal defects (n = 82; OR 1.72; 95% CI 1.07-2.74) and ventricular septal defects (n = 193; OR 1.65; 95% CI 1.21-2.25). CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD have increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions associated with increased risk include atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects. These findings will be useful for counseling parents of children with CHD.
Risk factors, management, and outcomes of amniotic fluid embolism: A multicountry, population-based cohort and nested case-control study; Background Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) remains one of the principal reported causes of direct maternal mortality in high-income countries. However, obtaining robust information about the condition is challenging because of its rarity and its difficulty to diagnose. This study aimed to pool data from multiple countries in order to describe risk factors, management, and outcomes of AFE and to explore the impact on the findings of considering United Kingdom, international, and United States AFE case definitions. Methods and findings A population-based cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the International Network of Obstetric Survey Systems (INOSS). Secondary data on women with AFE (n = 99–218, depending on case definition) collected prospectively in population-based studies conducted in Australia, France, the Netherlands, Slovakia, and the UK were pooled along with secondary data on a sample of control women (n = 4,938) collected in Australia and the UK. Risk factors for AFE were investigated by comparing the women with AFE in Australia and the UK with the control women identified in these countries using logistic regression. Factors associated with poor maternal outcomes (fatality and composite of fatality or permanent neurological injury) amongst women with AFE from each of the countries were investigated using logistic regression or Wilcoxon rank–sum test. The estimated incidence of AFE ranged from 0.8–1.8 per 100,000 maternities, and the proportion of women with AFE who died or had permanent neurological injury ranged from 30%–41%, depending on the case definition. However, applying different case definitions did not materially alter findings regarding risk factors for AFE and factors associated with poor maternal outcomes amongst women with AFE. Using the most liberal case definition (UK) and adjusting for the severity of presentation when appropriate, women who died were more likely than those who survived to present with cardiac arrest (89% versus 40%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 10.58, 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.93–28.48, p < 0.001) and less likely to have a source of concentrated fibrinogen (40% versus 56%, aOR 0.44, 95% CI 0.21–0.92, p = 0.029) or platelets given (24% versus 49%, aOR 0.23, 95% CI 0.10–0.52, p < 0.001). They also had a lower dose of tranexamic acid (median dose 0.7 g versus 2 g, p = 0.035) and were less likely to have had an obstetrician and/or anaesthetist present at the time of the AFE (61% versus 75%, aOR 0.38, 95% CI 0.16–0.90, p = 0.027). Limitations of the study include limited statistical power to examine factors associated with poor maternal outcome and the potential for residual confounding or confounding by indication. Conclusions The findings of our study suggest that when an AFE is suspected, initial supportive obstetric care is important, but having an obstetrician and/or anaesthetist present at the time of the AFE event and use of interventions to correct coagulopathy, including the administration of an adequate dose of tranexamic acid, may be important to improve maternal outcome. Future research should focus on early detection of the coagulation deficiencies seen in AFE alongside the role of tranexamic acid and other coagulopathy management strategies.
Androgenetic chimerism as an etiology for Beckwith–Wiedemann syndrome: diagnosis and management; Purpose: Beckwith–Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is a human genomic imprinting disorder characterized by lateralized overgrowth, macroglossia, abdominal wall defects, congenital hyperinsulinism, and predisposition to embryonal tumors. One of the molecular etiologies underlying BWS is paternal uniparental isodisomy of chromosome 11p15.5 (pUPD11). About 8% of pUPD11 cases are due to genome-wide paternal uniparental isodisomy (GWpUPD). About 30 cases of live-born patients with GWpUPD have been described, most of whom were mosaic and female. We present male patients with BWS due to GWpUPD, elucidate the underlying mechanism, and make recommendations for management. Methods: Three male patients with GWpUPD underwent clinical and molecular evaluation by single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) microarrays in different tissues. Previously published cases of GWpUPD were reviewed. Results: SNP microarray demonstrated a GWpUPD cell population with sex chromosomes XX and biparental cell population with sex chromosomes XY, consistent with dispermic androgenetic chimerism. Conclusion: SNP microarray is necessary to distinguish GWpUPD cases and the underlying mechanisms. The percentage of GWpUPD cell population within a specific tissue type correlated with the amount of tissue dysplasia. Males with BWS due to GWpUPD are important to distinguish from other molecular etiologies because the mechanism indicates risk for germ cell tumors and autosomal recessive diseases in addition to other BWS features.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and cardiometabolic outcomes in childhood: A systematic review; Background: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDPs) are among the leading causes of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality worldwide and have been suggested to increase long-term cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring. Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate whether HDPs are associated with cardiometabolic markers in childhood. Search strategy: PubMed, The Cochrane Library and reference lists of included studies up to January 2019. Selection criteria: Studies comparing cardiometabolic markers in 2–18-year-old children of mothers with HDP in utero, to children of mothers without HDP. Data collection and analysis: Sixteen studies reported in 25 publications were included in this systematic review, of which three were considered as having high risk of bias. Thus 13 studies were included in the evidence synthesis: respectively two and eight reported pregnancy induced hypertension and preeclampsia, and three studies reported on both HDPs. Main results: Most studies (n = 4/5) found a higher blood pressure in children exposed to pregnancy induced hypertension. Most studies (n = 7/10) found no statistically significantly higher blood pressure in children exposed to preeclampsia. No association was found between exposure to HDP and levels of cholesterol, triglycerides or glucose (n = 5/5). No studies investigated an association with (carotid) intima-media thickness, glycated haemoglobin or diabetes mellitus type 2. Conclusions: Most studies showed that exposure to pregnancy induced hypertension is associated with a higher offspring blood pressure. There is no convincing evidence for an association between exposure to preeclampsia and blood pressure in childhood. Based on current evidence, exposure to HDP is not associated with blood levels of cholesterol, triglycerides and glucose in childhood.
Systems Biology of Selenium and Complex Disease; Selenium is an essential trace element for maintenance of overall health, whose deficiency and dyshomeostasis have been linked to a variety of diseases and disorders. The majority of previous researches focused on characterization of genes encoding selenoproteins or proteins involved in selenium metabolism as well as their functions. Many studies in humans also investigated the relationship between selenium and complex diseases, but their results have been inconsistent. In recent years, systems biology and “-omics” approaches have been widely used to study complex and global variations of selenium metabolism and function in physiological and different pathological conditions. The present paper reviews recent progress in large-scale and systematic analyses of the relationship between selenium status or selenoproteins and several complex diseases, mainly including population-based cohort studies and meta-analyses, genetic association studies, and some other omics-based studies. Advances in ionomics and its application in studying the interaction between selenium and other trace elements in human health and diseases are also discussed.
Perinatal changes in fetal cardiac geometry and function in diabetic pregnancy at term; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effect of diabetes in pregnancy on fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry and function around the time of delivery. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 75 pregnant women delivering at term, comprising 54 normal pregnancies and 21 with a diagnosis of pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal and neonatal conventional and spectral tissue Doppler and two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography were performed a few days before and within hours after delivery. Fetal and neonatal cardiac geometry, global myocardial deformation and performance, diastolic and systolic function and left ventricular (LV) torsion were compared between normal pregnancies and those with diabetes, and perinatal changes within the diabetes group were assessed. RESULTS: Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in fetal ventricular geometry, myocardial deformation and cardiac function (right ventricular (RV) sphericity index, 0.56 vs 0.65; LV torsion, 2.1 °/cm vs 5.6 °/cm; LV isovolumetric relaxation time, 101 ms vs 115 ms; and RV isovolumetric contraction time, 107 ms vs 119 ms; P < 0.001 for all). Compared with normal pregnancies, diabetic pregnancies demonstrated significant differences in neonatal cardiac parameters (mean RV sphericity index, 0.43 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 1.30 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median LV myocardial performance index (MPI'), 0.39 vs 0.51; median RV-MPI', 0.34 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). Paired comparison between fetal and neonatal cardiac indices in diabetic pregnancies demonstrated that delivery resulted in a significant improvement in some, but not all, cardiac indices (mean RV sphericity index, 0.65 vs 0.55; mean LV torsion, 5.60 °/cm vs 2.78 °/cm; median RV-MPI', 0.51 vs 0.40; P < 0.01 for all). CONCLUSIONS: Compared with normal term fetuses and neonates, those of diabetic women exhibit cardiac indices indicative of myocardial impairment, reflecting a response to a relatively hyperglycemic intrauterine environment with alteration in fetal loading conditions (LV preload deprivation and increased RV afterload) and adaptation to subsequent acute changes in hemodynamic load at delivery. Elucidating mechanisms that contribute to the alterations in perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancy could help in refining management and developing better therapeutic strategies to reduce the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Copyright © 2018 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women; Despite an overall reduction in cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality in the USA, the rate of coronary heart disease and CVD mortality is on the rise in younger women aged 35 to 54 years. This has been attributed to an increasing prevalence of CVD risk factors, which can portend disparate outcomes in women versus men. Women with diabetes and those who smoke have an excess relative risk of CVD when compared with their male counterparts. In addition to these discrepancies in traditional risk factors, a number of clinical conditions unique to women have been shown to increase CVD risks such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, early menopause and autoimmune diseases. The majority of these sex-specific risk factors can be identified at an early age, allowing for aggressive risk factor modification through lifestyle changes and, in certain patients, medications. The recently published 2018 American College of Cardiology and American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) hypercholesterolaemia and 2019 ACC/AHA primary prevention guidelines reflect this, citing pre-eclampsia, early menopause and autoimmune diseases as â € risk enhancers' that if present may favour initiation of statin therapy in borderline or intermediate risk patients. This comprehensive review addresses both traditional and unique risk factors of CVD in women, as well as sex-specific risk stratification and management options.
Early-Life Predictors of Systolic Blood Pressure Trajectories From Infancy to Adolescence: Findings From Project Viva; Childhood blood pressure (BP) is a strong predictor of later risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few studies have assessed dynamic BP trajectories throughout the early-life period. We investigated the relationship between early-life factors and systolic BP (SBP) from infancy to adolescence using linear spline mixed-effects models among 1,370 children from Project Viva, a Boston, Massachusetts-area cohort recruited in 1999-2002. After adjusting for confounders and child height, we observed higher SBP in children exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus (vs. normoglycemia; age 3 years: β = 3.16 mm Hg (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.28, 6.04); age 6 years: β = 1.83 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.06, 3.60)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (vs. normal maternal BP; age 6 years: β = 1.39 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.10, 2.67); age 9 years: β = 1.84 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.34, 3.34); age 12 years: β = 1.70 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.48, 2.92)), higher neonatal SBP (per 10-mm Hg increase; age 3 years: β = 1.26 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.42, 2.09); age 6 years: β = 1.00 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.49, 1.51); age 9 years: β = 0.75 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.17, 1.33)), and formula milk in the first 6 months of life (vs. breast milk only; age 12 years: β = 2.10 mm Hg (95% CI: 0.46, 3.74); age 15 years: β = 3.52 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.40, 5.64); age 18 years: β = 4.94 mm Hg (95% CI: 1.88, 7.99)). Our findings provide evidence of programming of offspring SBP trajectories by gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and formula milk intake and of neonatal BP being a potentially useful marker of childhood BP. These factors could be relevant in identifying children who are at risk of developing elevated BP.
High prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors and insulin resistance 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy in Cape Town, South Africa; Objective To investigate the prevalence and associated cardiovascular risk factors 6 years after hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy (HFDP) in Cape Town, South Africa. Research design and methods Data were collected during the index pregnancy from all women diagnosed with HFDP at a major referral hospital in Cape Town. Participants were evaluated 6 years later using a cross-sectional study. At follow-up participants had a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, fasting lipogram, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a fieldworker administered the questionnaire. We used the Adult Treatment Panel III criteria for the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome and individual risk factors. Insulin resistance was assessed using the homeostatic model of insulin resistance. Results At follow-up 220 women were reviewed. Their mean age at follow-up was 37.2 (SD 6.0) years. The prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors was 60.9% (95% CI 54.3 to 67.2) for metabolic syndrome, 75% (95% CI 65.9 to 82.3) for insulin resistance, 62.3% (95% CI 55.6 to 68.5) for dysglycemia, 41.4% (95% CI 35.0 to 48.0) for raised blood pressure, and 74.6% (95% CI 683 to 79.9) for dyslipidemia. Women with diabetes in pregnancy compared with those with gestational diabetes during the index pregnancy had a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (74.3% vs 54.7%, p=0.010) and dysglycemia (88.6% vs 50.0%, p<0.001) at follow-up. Lower school education attainment, having a subsequent pregnancy, waist circumference at follow-up, and fasting blood glucose at HFDP diagnosis were associated with metabolic syndrome. Conclusion We found a high prevalence of CVD risk factors in South African women within 6 years of HFDP, which highlights the need to develop and evaluate interventions optimizing the cardiometabolic health of this vulnerable group. The main limitations of our research are the lack of a comparative group of women without HFDP and that we did not assess for CVD risk factors before HFDP.
A rare case of neonatal diabetes mellitus with glucokinase mutation; Background: Neonatal diabetes mellitus appears within the frst 6 months of life, and permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus (PNDM) represents 50% of cases of neonatal diabetes, among which glucokinase (GCK) mutations cause 4% of PNDM. Homozygous mutations in the GCK gene cause neonatal diabetes, while heterozygous GCK mutations cause maturity-onset diabetes of the young. Case Report: We report a female neonate who was delivered by cesarean section at 34 weeks' gestation born to third-degree consanguineous marriage and mother being primipara with polyhydramnios with GDM requiring insulin therapy. Neonate had intrauterine growth retardation with birth weight of 1.4 kg. She presented on the 30th day of life with hypotension, dehydrated, hyperglycemia, and ketones negative, and she was treated with insulin infusion along with rehydration. Later, insulin infusion was stopped and started on injection insulin S/c 0.5 units tid as the baby was stable and breastfeeding. GRBS readings varied between 150-250 mg/dl. The initial insulin requirement ranged from 0.05-0.3 units/kg of body weight per day. Blood glucose control was diffcult initially due to small doses of insulin and large variations in blood glucose concentrations. Investigations revealed C-peptide <0.05 ng/ ml. Genetic analysis revealed an homozygous frameshift mutation in exon 2 of GCK gene (c.173del). Both parents are heterozygous for the same mutation. Parents are frst cousins. Both the parents had impaired fasting glucose. Conclusion: We suggest that GCK-PNDM should be considered in an infant with PNDM, intrauterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes in mother, and a family history of consanguinity, and as a frst investigation, the parent's fasting glucose should be checked even if there is not a clear history of diabetes. Fasting and postprandial lipid abnormalities in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus Ajay Hanumanthu, Sanjeev Rao Girimaji1, Nilanjan Sengupta, Pranab Kumar Sahana, Arjun Baidya, Soumik Goswami Department of Endocrinology, NRS Medical College and Hospital, Kolkata, West Bengal, 1Department of General Medicine, Apollo BGS Hospital, Mysore, Karnataka, India. E-mail: ajay304304@gmail.com Introduction: Postprandial hypertriglyceridemia has been linked with asymptomatic and symptomatic macrovascular disease in both normo- and hypertriglyceridemic individuals, and such abnormalities have been reported in type 2 diabetes mellitus, the increased risk of atherosclerosis among them, might, therefore, be related to the higher postprandial triglyceridemia. It is not clearly known whether patients with diabetes with macrovascular disease have greater abnormalities of postprandial triglyceride metabolism than those without. Aims and Objectives: This study aims to study the postprandial lipid abnormalities in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and to compare the relationship between fasting and postprandial lipids in those with type 2 diabetes mellitus and those without. Materials and Methods: This study was carried out in Apollo BGS Hospital, Mysore, Karnataka. It was carried out from January 2013 to December 2014. After 14 h fast, blood was collected for various biochemical parameters. The individuals were given a standardized fatty meal. Blood samples were drawn at baseline, 2, 6, and 8 h after the oral fat challenge. Results: In this study, cases had a mean triglyceride level of 160.32 ± 52.47 mg/dl in the fasting state and 176.48 ± 55.58 mg/dl in the postprandial state. The controls had a mean triglyceride level of 133.10 ± 60.34 mg/dl in the fasting state and 146.25 ± 62.12 mg/dl in the postprandial state. This association had a P = 0.013, which is statistically signifcant. Hence, there was a signifcant increase in the postprandial triglyceride level in the cases compared to that of the controls. Conclusions: The dyslipidemia of type 2 diabetes mellitus is characterized mainly by raised triglyceride, VLDL-c, and LDL-c. In the postprandial state, there was signifcant hypertriglyceridemia in cases when compared to that of the controls.
Extracorporeal Therapies for Amniotic Fluid Embolism; BACKGROUND:Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a catastrophic disease with significant mortality. Because the cardiopulmonary dysfunction associated with AFE is self-limited, the disease could be well suited to the use of extracorporeal therapies.CASE:A woman progressed into cardiac arrest immediately after an elective cesarean delivery. Owing to severe hypoxemia and hypotension, AFE was suspected and peripheral venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation was quickly initiated. Subsequent evolution was complicated by intrabdominal bleeding, which required massive transfusion and multiple surgeries. The patient recovered well, with a healthy newborn. We have identified 19 similar cases in the literature and present their outcomes as a series.CONCLUSION:Extracorporeal therapies can support severely ill women affected by AFE and could be considered even in the presence of disseminated intravascular coagulation and bleeding.
Trimethylamine N-Oxide Metabolites in Early Pregnancy and Risk of Gestational Diabetes: A Nested Case-Control Study; Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the associations between trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO) and related metabolites in early pregnancy and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Design: A prospective cohort of 22,302 pregnant women from 2010 to 2012 in Tianjin, China, was used to perform a nested case-control study. A total of 243 women with GDM and 243 women without GDM matched by maternal age (±1 year) were used as cases and controls, respectively. Conditional logistic regression and restricted cubic spline were used to examine the full-range risk associations between individual TMAOs metabolites at the first antenatal care visit with GDM. Trimethylamine conversion ratio (TMAR) was defined as trimethylamine (TMA)/its precursors, and trimethylamine N-oxide conversion ratio (TMAOR) was defined as TMAO/TMA. An additive interaction between high TMAR and low TMAOR indicates a state of TMA accumulation, and a mathematical interaction between high TMAR and high TMAOR indicates accumulation of TMAO. Results: TMA was linearly associated with GDM, whereas TMA precursors and TMAO were inversely associated with GDM with clear threshold effects, i.e., 16 nmol/mL for TMAO, 200 nmol/mL for betaine, 112 nmol/mL for l-carnitine, and 110 and 270 nmol/mL for cholinechloride (a U-shaped relationship). Copresence of TMAR >0.35 and TMAOR ≤0.15 was associated with a markedly higher OR (11.16; 95% CI, 5.45 to 22.8), compared with TMAR >0.35 only (OR = 1.71; 95% CI, 0.42 to 6.95) or TMAOR ≤0.15 only (OR = 2.06; 95% CI, 1.09 to 3.90), with a significant additive interaction. However, the mathematical interaction was nonsignificant. Conclusions: TMAO metabolites in the early pregnancy were associated with the risk of GDM, whereas TMA was more likely to play a causal role in GDM.
Predictive and diagnostic biomarkers for gestational diabetes and its associated metabolic and cardiovascular diseases; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as the presence of high blood glucose levels with the onset, or detected for the first time during pregnancy, as a result of increased insulin resistance. GDM may be induced by dysregulation of pancreatic β-cell function and/or by alteration of secreted gestational hormones and peptides related with glucose homeostasis. It may affect one out of five pregnancies, leading to perinatal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes, and high risk of chronic metabolic and cardiovascular injuries in both mother and offspring. Currently, GDM diagnosis is based on evaluation of glucose homeostasis at late stages of pregnancy, but increased age and body-weight, and familiar or previous occurrence of GDM, may conditionate this criteria. In addition, an earlier and more specific detection of GDM with associated metabolic and cardiovascular risk could improve GDM development and outcomes. In this sense, 1st-2nd trimester-released biomarkers found in maternal plasma including adipose tissue-derived factors such as adiponectin, visfatin, omentin-1, fatty acid-binding protein-4 and retinol binding-protein-4 have shown correlations with GDM development. Moreover, placenta-related factors such as sex hormone-binding globulin, afamin, fetuin-A, fibroblast growth factors-21/23, ficolin-3 and follistatin, or specific micro-RNAs may participate in GDM progression and be useful for its recognition. Finally, urine-excreted metabolites such as those related with serotonin system, non-polar amino-acids and ketone bodies, may complete a predictive or early-diagnostic panel of biomarkers for GDM.
Recent advances in the induction of labor.; The rate of labor induction is steadily increasing and, in industrialized countries, approximately one out of four pregnant women has their labor induced. Induction of labor should be considered when the benefits of prompt vaginal delivery outweigh the maternal and/or fetal risks of waiting for the spontaneous onset of labor. However, this procedure is not free of risks, which include an increase in operative vaginal or caesarean delivery and excessive uterine activity with risk of fetal heart rate abnormalities. A search for “Induction of Labor” retrieves more than 18,000 citations from 1844 to the present day. The aim of this review is to summarize the controversies concerning the indications, the methods, and the tools for evaluating the success of the procedure, with an emphasis on the scientific evidence behind each.
Maternal Thyroid Hormone Replacement Therapy Exposure and Language and Communication Skills of Offspring at 8 Years of Age; Importance: Hypothyroidism during pregnancy is associated with neurodevelopmental delays in the offspring. However, it remains unknown whether prenatal thyroid hormone replacement therapy (THRT) has benefits regarding children's language and communication skills. Objective: To quantify associations between prenatal THRT exposure and risk of language impairment diagnosis and parent-reported symptoms of language and communication skill deficits in offspring at 8 years of age. Design, Setting, and Participants: The Norwegian Mother, Father and Child Cohort Study (MoBa), a nationwide population-based cohort study, recruited pregnant women from throughout Norway between June 1999 and December 2008. MoBa was linked to several nationwide registries: the Norwegian Medical Birth Registry, Norwegian Prescription Database, and Norwegian Patient Registry. For this study, the analyzed cohort was restricted to singleton pregnancies resulting in a live-born infant, enrolled in the MoBa between 2005 and 2008. Statistical analysis was performed from January 2 to May 7, 2019. Exposures: In both study samples, mother-child pairs were categorized into 3 mutually exclusive groups: THRT exposure during pregnancy, based on dispensed prescription records; unexposed to THRT during pregnancy (population comparison); and mothers initiating THRT after delivery (THRT after delivery), comprising incident postpartum THRT users. Main Outcomes and Measures: Two defined study samples were analyzed with different outcome measures. In the Norwegian Patient Registry sample, outcome was defined by a diagnosis of language and speech impairment. In the MoBa sample, children were followed up until age 8 years via parental self-completed questionnaires. Hazard ratios were calculated for language impairment diagnosis, estimated by Cox proportional hazards regression. Standardized mean score (β) was calculated for parent-reported symptoms of language and communication deficits, estimated using generalized linear models. Results: The Norwegian Patient Registry sample included 53862 mother-child pairs (mean [SD] age, 30.4 [4.6] years; offspring, 26 145 girls and 27717 boys; 1204 pairs exposed to THRT [2.2%]) and the MoBa sample included 23686 mother-child pairs (mean [SD] age, 30.8 [4.4] years; offspring, 11536 girls and 12150 boys; 532 pairs exposed to THRT [2.2%]). Language and speech impairment diagnosis was not significantly associated with prenatal THRT exposure compared with the unexposed group (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.75; 95% CI, 0.38-1.43) or the THRT after delivery group (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.63; 95% CI, 0.26-1.53). Language outcomes also did not significantly differ between these groups. Conclusions and Relevance: There was no significant difference in child outcomes between children exposed to THRT in the prenatal period compared with children in the population comparison group. These results support current guidelines recommending hypothyroidism treatment during pregnancy. Future research should further examine the use of THRT after delivery or a proper disease comparison group.
Interest of cervical ripening using double balloon catheters for labour induction in term nulliparous women; Objective: To compare the efficiency of double balloon catheters with that of intravaginal prostaglandins alone for the labor induction of unfavourable cervices in term nulliparous women. Methods: 50 nulliparous patients induced with a double balloon device were compared to 53 patients induced using intravaginal prostaglandins alone. The main outcome measure was labour induction failure, characterized by the absence of active labour. The secondary outcome measures were the improvement of the Bishop score, the average durations of ripening and labour induction, the average time to active labour, the need for a second cervical ripening agent, the total dose of prostaglandins used in each group, the use of oxytocins, as well as the rates of vaginal delivery, abnormal foetal heart rate during labour and perinatal maternal infection. Results: The rate of failed labour induction was of 28% in the double balloon group, against 13% in the prostaglandins group. The average durations of ripening and labour induction, as well as the time to active labour were higher in the double balloon group. The improvement of the Bishop score was significantly lower in the double balloon group. Discussion and conclusion: In our study, the use of double balloon catheters does not seem to reduce the rate of failed labour induction in nulliparous women when compared to the use of prostaglandins alone. In addition, it could lengthen the labour induction duration, although more powerful studies would be necessary not to recommend its use for nulliparous women.
Effect of diet composition on insulin sensitivity in humans; Diet composition has a marked impact on the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Prospective studies show that dietary patterns with elevated amount of animal products and low quantity of vegetable food items raise the risk of these diseases. In healthy subjects, animal protein intake intensifies insulin resistance whereas plant-based foods enhance insulin sensitivity. Similar effects have been documented in patients with diabetes. Accordingly, pre-pregnancy intake of meat (processed and unprocessed) has been strongly associated with a higher risk of gestational diabetes whereas greater pre-pregnancy vegetable protein consumption is associated with a lower risk of gestational diabetes. Population groups that modify their traditional dietary habit increasing the amount of animal products while reducing plant-based foods experience a remarkable rise in the frequency of type 2 diabetes. The association of animal protein intake with insulin resistance is independent of body mass index. In obese individuals that consume high animal protein diets, insulin sensitivity does not improve following weight loss. Diets aimed to lose weight that encourage restriction of carbohydrates and elevated consumption of animal protein intensify insulin resistance increasing the risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary components on insulin sensitivity may contribute to explain the striking impact of eating habits on the risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance predisposes to type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects and deteriorates metabolic control in patients with diabetes. In nondiabetic and diabetic individuals, insulin resistance is a major cardiovascular risk factor.
Elevated Nucleated Red Blood Cells in Neonates with Down Syndrome and Pulmonary Hypertension; We report an association between higher absolute nucleated red blood cells and mean corpuscular volume and idiopathic persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn in neonates with Down syndrome. Elevation of these blood indicies should prompt echocardiographic studies to monitor pulmonary arterial pressures.
Assessment of the Fetal Myocardial Performance Index in Well-Controlled Gestational Diabetics and to Determine Whether It Is Predictive of Adverse Perinatal Outcome; This study was aimed at determining if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in well-controlled gestational diabetics and if so whether it is predictive of adverse perinatal outcome. In a prospective cross-sectional study, 54 consecutive women with well-controlled gestational diabetes controlled on insulin or metformin in the third trimester were recruited and matched with 54 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Sonographic biophysical and placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth; neonatal death; neonatal intensive care admissions; tachypnea with pulmonary edema; neonatal cord pH < 7.15; 5-min Apgar score < 7, polycythemia; and nucleated red blood cells > 10/100 white blood cell counts, hypoglycemia. The MPI was significantly higher in the diabetic group compared to controls (p < 0.0001). Rate of adverse outcome was 22% in the diabetic group. The diabetic group with adverse outcomes had significantly elevated MPI values compared to the diabetic group with normal outcomes. There were 26 diabetics controlled on metformin and 28 controlled on insulin. The adverse outcome rate was slightly higher in the IDDM group compared to the non-insulin-dependent group but was not statistically significant. The main adverse outcomes were low Apgars (18%), hypoglycemia (22%), polycythemia (13%) and low pH in 7%. All control births had normal outcomes. MPI served as an independent predictor of adverse outcome. The MPI z-score had a good diagnostic accuracy as evidenced by the area under the ROC curve of 0.83. An MPI z-score exceeding 4.55 conferred a 90% sensitivity and 74% specificity, with 77% of outcomes correctly classified with a likelihood ratio of 3.5. The MPI is impaired in fetuses in well-controlled gestational diabetes, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI values compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the diabetic group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Segmental villous mineralization: A placental feature of fetal vascular malperfusion; Introduction: This retrospective analysis was performed to find out if clusters of mineralized chorionic villi can be regarded as an independent feature of fetal vascular malperfusion (FVM). Methods: Of all 1698 placentas reviewed by the author during the last 10 years, 39 (2.3%) showed clusters of mineralized chorionic villi (Group 1), 100 cases (5.9%) showed randomly scattered mineralized chorionic villi with without clustering (Group 2), and the remaining 1559 placentas showed no villous mineralization (comparative Group 3). In doubtful cases, histochemistry stains were performed to determine the pattern of villous mineralization. Twenty three independent clinical and 43 placental variables were statistically compared among the groups: descriptive statistics (Chi-square, Fisher test or signed rank test), and logistics regression model. Results: Clinically, Group 1 featured shorter gestational age than Group 2, and in addition to shorter gestational age, more common oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, induction of labor, macerated stillbirth and fetal growth restriction than Group 3. Of placental variables, fetal vascular ectasia, and clusters of avascular chorionic villi were more common in Group 1 than in Group 2, and in addition, segmental villous stromal vascular karyorrhexis was more common than in Group 3. By the logistics regression mode, segmental villous mineralization was independently associated with other histological features of FVM as a group and particularly with clusters of sclerotic chorionic villi. Discussion: FVM is characterized by temporal heterogeneity, i.e. coexistence of lesions of various duration, and strongly and independently correlates with clusters of mineralized chorionic villi. Therefore, segmental villous mineralization should be included into the category of segmental FVM. It can be seen even in totally fibrotic placentas of prolonged stillbirth when other histological features of segmental vascular malperfusion can be obscured by global villous sclerosis.
Obstetrical, neonatal, and long-term outcomes of children conceived from in vitro matured oocytes; Objective: To investigate the obstetrical, neonatal, and long-term outcomes of in vitro maturation (IVM) compared with conventional in vitro fertilization (IVF) in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS). Design: Matched retrospective case-control study. Setting: University fertility clinic. Patient(s): One hundred eighty-four patients undergoing IVM were compared with 366 patients undergoing conventional IVF. All had PCOS and were matched for patient age, gestational age at birth, and the number of fetuses. Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Obstetrics, neonatal outcomes, and childhood medical problems and development. Result(s): Women's mean age at oocytes retrieval was 32.6 ± 2.9 years. Children's mean age was 7.5 ± 2.3 years. There were no differences in the frequency of obstetrical and neonatal outcomes between the two groups. No difference was found in birth weights between the two groups. The incidence of congenital anomalies was similar between the groups (4.3% in IVM group vs. 4.1% in IVF group). No significant difference was observed between the two groups in the frequency and duration of hospitalization during childhood. Growth developmental status of both groups was within normal range. Conclusion(s): In a matched setting between IVM and IVF babies born from women with PCOS, no significant increased risk associated with IVM was been identified after a mean follow-up of 7.5 years.
The obstetrician's role in preventing cardiometabolic disease; Key content: Cardiovascular diseases are the leading causes of death in women and account for the majority of deaths in women living in the UK. Pregnancy is a ‘stress test’ for cardiometabolic conditions, identifying women at increased risk during and after pregnancy. Antenatal and postnatal care may therefore be key times for primary and secondary prevention. Given the growing burden of cardiometabolic diseases, pressure is mounting to integrate screening, management and preventive programmes into maternity services. Learning objectives: To be familiar with the long-term consequences that can follow gestational diabetes and hypertensive diseases of pregnancy. To understand the evidence for interventions before and after birth to prevent future morbidity and mortality. To recognise the important role of obstetricians in linking secondary care with primary and preventive care services to prevent cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Ethical issues: What is the role of the obstetrician in contributing to women's lifelong wellbeing?.
Molecular mechanisms by which GLP-1 RA and DPP-4i induce insulin sensitivity; Glucagon-like peptide-1 is a peptide of incretin family which is used in the management of diabetes as glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonist (GLP-1RA). Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 enzyme metabolizes glucagon-like peptide-1 and various dipeptidyl peptidase-4 enzyme inhibitors (DPP-4i) are also used in the management of diabetes. These antidiabetic agents provide anti-hyperglycemic effects via several molecular mechanisms including promoting insulin secretion, suppression of glucagon secretion and slowing the gastric emptying. There is some research suggesting that they can induce insulin sensitivity in peripheral tissues. In this study, we review the possible molecular mechanisms by which GLP-1RA and DPP-4i can improve insulin resistance and increase insulin sensitivity in insulin-dependent peripheral tissues.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: SWAN; Background and aims: Reproductive factors are associated with later life CVD in women (e.g., age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes), but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. We examined the relationship of reproductive factors with subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. Methods: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN), who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011–2012), and a carotid ultrasound and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) assessment. The primary outcomes were carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV; our secondary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using these measures. Linear and logistic regression was performed to examine associations with individual subclinical CVD measures, and multinomial logistic regression was used in analyses of the composite index. Models adjusted for socio-demographics and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Mean age at subclinical CVD assessment was 60.2 years (SD ± 2.7). History of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with greater carotid IMT (β: 0.038, p = 0.004). Earlier age at first birth was associated with subclinical CVD, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. History of gestational diabetes was associated with greater baPWV, but not related to our composite index. Conclusions: Pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife and may impact the vasculature through distinct pathways. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women.
Hypertensive pregnancies: Do women follow physical activity recommendations 1 year postpartum?; Introduction: A previous hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) confers an increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Physical activity (PA) is an important modifiable CVD risk factor. Validity of PA questionnaire data is low. We therefore assessed PA-levels using a validated objective method in women after HDP/GDM. Objective: To assess in women after HDP/GDM 1 year postpartum: 1. PA-levels. 2. If levels of modifiable CVD risk factors are within recommended ranges. Methods: At one year postpartum, women with previous HDP (n = 94), GDM (n = 23) and parous controls (n = 65) wore a body-held device (ActiGraph-wGT3X-BTÔ) for 1 week. Controls were normotensive and euglycemic throughout their pregnancies and without any previous HDP. Results are presented as median(range) for continuous and rate for dichotomous variables. Mann-Whitney U-test was used for continuous and Chi-square-test for dichotomous variables (HDP/GDM-versus controls). P < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: Recommended PA-levels were achieved in 52.3% of controls, in 46.8% of previous HDP, and in 34.8% of previous GDM. PA-levels in the total group (minutes/week) were: - sedentary: 3750(1148-5126) – light: 2212(29-3611) – moderate: 268(28-770) - vigorous: 1(0-329) There were no significant differences in absolute PA-levels and the rates achieving recommended PA-levels, when comparing previous HDP/GDM and controls. Overweight/obesity (BMI > 25 kg/m2) was commoner in women after HDP (43.6%, p = 0.002) and GDM (65.2%, p < 0.001) than in controls (20.0%). Prehypertension/hypertension (systolic blood pressure⩾120/diastolic blood pressure⩾80) was commoner in women after HDP (32.6%, p < 0.001), but not GDM (13.0%, p = 0.053), than in controls (1.5%). Discussion: We found no differences in PA-levels between women after HDP/GDM and parous controls 1 year postpartum. Less than half of all women after HDP/GDM achieved recommended PA- levels. Overweight/obesity was more common in HDP/GDM, and hypertension/prehypertension were more common in the HDP group. This puts women with previous HDP/GDM at high risk of CVD, and measures to increase PA-levels are warranted.
Persistence of circulating cellular fetal microchimerism after preeclampsia and placental dysfunction?; Introduction: Fetal genetic material crosses the placenta. When intact fetal cells are incorporated into the woman’s body, cellular fetal microchimerism (cFMC) arises. Circulating cFMC is augmented in preeclampsia, a hypertensive pregnancy complication characterized by placental dysfunction. Other diseases associated with placental dysfunction, including pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (DM), may also impact cFMC acquistion. Following pregnancy, cFMC can persist for decades in maternal blood and tissues. Fetal cell gene expression and maternal-fetal immunological interaction may impact maternal health. Longterm, cFMC is associated with enhanced wound healing, and may ameliorate or aggravate autoimmunity, cancer, and potentially cardiovascular disease. Objective/hypothesis: We hypothesize that preeclampsia and placental dysfunction in general are associated with augmented cFMC in maternal circulation 5-8 years postpartum. Methods: Women previously recruited to the Oslo Pregnancy Biobank were included in our postpartum pilot study. Specifically, we included 29 women 5–8 years post index pregnancy (preeclampsia: n = 9, DM ± preeclampsia: n = 9, uncomplicated pregnancy: n = 11). DNA was isolated from the buffy coat of peripheral blood drawn postpartum and from fetal samples acquired during index pregnancy delivery. Fetus-specific polymorphisms (absent in the mother) were identified by high resolution sequencing of the human leukocyte antigen loci DRB1, DQA1, and DQB1. cFMC was detected in maternal blood using validated polymorphism-specific quantitative polymerase chain reaction assays. Results: We demonstrated cFMC in 3/29 (10.3%) postpartum samples. Of those, one was from a woman who had preeclampsia during the index pregnancy, and two from women who had uncomplicated pregnancies. Discussion: Our findings show that cFMC is detectable in maternal blood 5-8 years postpartum. We did not find an association between preeclampsia or DM and persistent circulating cFMC. One potential explanation is sequestration of cFMC in maternal tissues. Our pilot study cohort is, however, too small to reject our hypothesis. A study in a larger postpartum cohort is underway.
Clinical profile and outcome of neonates in maternal diabetes: A tertiary care center study; Background and Aim: Maternal diabetes leads to significant adverse perinatal and neonatal outcomes. This study aims to understand the neonatal outcomes in relation to maternal glycemic control during pregnancy. Materials and Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 68 neonates born to mothers with diabetes, who were under observational care at our hospital. Results: In our hospital, the incidence of neonates being born to mothers with diabetes was 1.95%. About 67.5% of the mothers had gestational diabetes mellitus and up to 60% of them showed poor glycemic control. Multiparty was a major risk factor observed in 72.5% of the cases. Hypoglycemia (20.5%) was the most common metabolic com-plication followed by pathologic hyperbilirubinemia (19.1%) and respiratory distress (19.1%). Congenital defects were seen in 14.7% neonates. The neonatal mortality rate was 4.4%. Conclusions: Strict glycemic control, proper antenatal care, and strict monitoring of neonates are essential to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
The inheritance of cardiovascular disease risk; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is foremost among the non-communicable diseases (NCDs) which account for 71% of deaths globally each year. CVD is also prominent among the pre-existing conditions still accounting for nearly 25% of maternal deaths and is linked to gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Markers of CVD risk have been reported even in young children, related to prenatal factors such as mother's diet or body composition. The underlying mechanisms include epigenetic changes which can alter the trajectory of risk across the life course. Preventive interventions need to commence before conception, to reduce transmission of CVD risk by promoting healthy behaviours in prospective parents, as well as in pregnancy, and postpartum through breastfeeding and healthy complementary feeding. Surprisingly, these opportunities are not emphasised in the 2018 United Nations Political Declaration on NCDs. NCDs such as CVD have communicable risk components transmitted across generations by socio-economic as well as biological factors, although the former can also become embodied in the offspring by epigenetic mechanisms. The inheritance of CVD risk, and social inequalities in such risk, thus raises wider questions about responsibility for the health of future generations at societal as well as individual levels.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes; Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function in normal fetuses (control group) compared to those who are exposed to gestational diabetes mellitus using different echocardiographic measurements, and to explore the application of left atrial shortening fraction in determination of fetal diastolic function with gestational diabetes mellitus.Methods: A total of 50 women with gestational diabetes and 50 women with a healthy pregnancy were included in the study. Fetal echocardiography was performed and structural as well as functional fetal cardiac parameters were measured. Data were compared between with or without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and the control group.Results: In the study group, out of 50 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers, 18 had myocardial hypertrophy and 32 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at time of examination did not differ significantly between the control and gestational diabetes group (p = 0.55). Mitral E/A ratio was lower in gestational diabetes group as compared to the control (p < 0.001). Isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and myocardial performance index were greater in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (p < 0.001). In fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, left atrial shortening fraction was lower as compared to those without myocardial hypertrophy and those of the control group (p < 0.001).Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers have altered cardiac function even in the absence of septal hypertrophy, and that left atrial shortening fraction can be used as a reliable alternate parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function.
Prevalence and coprevalence of chronic comorbid conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in Catalonia: a population-based cross-sectional study; Objectives To evaluate the prevalence and coprevalence of several chronic conditions in patients with type 2 diabetes in a Mediterranean region. Design A cross-sectional study. Setting Two hundred and eighty-six primary care teams of the Catalonian Health Institute (Catalonia, Spain). Participants We included patients aged ≥18 years with a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes by 31 December, 2016, who were registered in the Information System for the Development of Research in primary care (SIDIAP) database. We excluded patients with a diagnosis of type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus and any other type of diabetes. Primary and secondary outcome measures We collected data on diabetes-related comorbidities (ie, chronic complications, associated cardiovascular risk factors and treatment complications). Diagnoses were based on the International Classification of Diseases, 10 th Revision codes recorded in the database or, for some entities, on the cut-off points for a particular test result or a specific treatment indicated for that entity. The presence and stage of chronic kidney disease (CKD) were based on the glomerular filtration rate, the CKD Epidemiology Collaboration creatinine equation and the urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio. Results A total of 373 185 patients were analysed. 82% of patients exhibited ≥2 comorbidities and 31% exhibited ≥4 comorbidities. The most frequent comorbidities were hypertension (72%), hyperlipidaemia (60%), obesity (45%), CKD (33%), chronic renal failure (CRF)(28%) and cardiovascular disease (23%). The most frequently coprevalent pairs of chronic conditions were the combination of hypertension with hyperlipidaemia (45%), obesity (35%), CKD (28%), CRF (25%) or cardiovascular disease (19%), as well as the combination of hyperlipidaemia with obesity (28%), CKD (21%), CRF (18%) or cardiovascular disease (15%); other common pairs of comorbidities were obesity/CKD, obesity/CRF, hypertension/retinopathy, hypertension/albuminuria, hypertension/urinary tract infection, CVD/CRF and CVD/CKD, which were each present in more than 10% of patients. Conclusion Patients with type 2 diabetes have a high frequency of coprevalence of metabolic risk factors, cardiovascular disease and CKD and thus require an integrated management approach.
Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period as an Opportunity for Cardiovascular Risk Identification and Management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women. Because women generally present with more atypical symptoms of CVD than do men and because underlying CVD risk factors are often present for years before the onset of CVD, it is important to use innovative ways to identify women who should undergo CVD risk screening at a younger age. Pregnancy and the postpartum period afford us that opportunity, given that the development of certain pregnancy complications (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, delivery of a neonate with fetal growth restriction, and significant placental abruption) can reliably identify women with underlying, often unrecognized, CVD risk factors. Women with one or more of these pregnancy complications should be identified at the time of delivery and referred for regular follow-up. This would ideally take the form of a multidisciplinary clinic including clinicians and allied health specialists to carry out physical and biochemical screening and counseling regarding lifestyle modification and possible therapeutic interventions. Longer-term follow-up and recommendations should be individualized based on findings and risks. There is also an opportunity for future pregnancy counseling and discussion about the importance of weight loss between pregnancies, initiation of a routine involving physical activity, use of preconception folic acid, and the potential initiation of low-dose aspirin for those women at risk for future preeclampsia and fetal growth restriction or the use of progesterone for women at risk for preterm labor. The link between pregnancy complications and future CVD affords us with the earliest opportunity for CVD risk assessment for health preservation and disease prevention.
Characterisation of gestational hyperglycaemia effect on the modulation of biochemical profile in diabetic mothers and their newborns; Introduction: Our aim was to determine effects of hyperglycaemia and insulinresistaance on proteic, lipidic and hydrocarbon metabolism of gestational diabetic mothers and their newborns. Methods/Results: Results revealed that total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides and Apo B levels, were significantly higher in gestational diabetic mothers group compared to control mothers. About newborns, cholesterol total and triglycerides were in normal intervals for two groups. Therefore, babies born from diabetic mothers have significant higher levels compared to the control group. Positive correlation have been observed between glucose and other studied parameters (C-peptide, insulin, HOMA-index, total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, ApoB). Negative correlation have been found between glucose and Apo A1 levels. HDL cholesterol and glucose were also negatively correlated. Ratio as Apo B/Apo A and Apo A/HDL were similar in the two groups of mothers and their babies. The same LDL/HDL and ApoB/LDL ratio, have been observed between two groups of newborns. In GDM mothers, LDL/ HDL ratio was significantly higher and ApoB/LDL ratio was significantly lower. Conclusion: Our results suggest that, under the impact of gestational hyperglycemia, modulation of biochemical metabolism move in the direction of insulin and C-peptid increasing and impairment of lipidic metabolism as LDL hypercholesterolemia which express high risk of atherosclerosis. Neonatal hyperinsulinemia arising from maternal hyperglycaemia, tend towards a total hypercholesterolemia and hypertriglyceridemia.
Prediction and prevention of pre-eclampsia: Aspirin-A miracle drug?; Defective placentation is associated with persistence of a highresistance uterine circulation, impaired placental perfusion and a placental 'stress' response leading to the development of pre-eclampsia. It has been proposed that early-onset pre-eclampsia comprises a disease entity which is distinct from late-onset pre-eclampsia. The latter has been attributed to as yet unde-fned 'maternal' factors, while the former has been dubbed as 'placental' pre-eclampsia-a rather simplistic dichotomy. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or lack of impaired fetal growth in the majority of cases (a TED Talk on this topic can be accessed here: http://bit.ly/2i1SqDk). An alternative explanation is that pre-eclampsia is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. After all, the primary derangement in pre-eclampsia involves widespread and profound efects on the heart and endothelial system. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes-both pregnancy-specifc conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the glucose load of pregnancy. Emerging evidence demonstrates that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and-most signifcantly-persists post-partum. To date, the placenta has been considered in isolation without regard to the fact that its functioning is dependent on adequate perfusion by the maternal circulation. The involvement of the cardiovascular system in the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia and placental dysfunction has signifcant implications for screening, triage, diagnosis, peripartum care and postnatal management of women at risk of pre-eclampsia.
Prediction and prevention of pre-eclampsia; Defective placentation is associated with persistence of a highresistance uterine circulation, impaired placental perfusion and a placental 'stress' response leading to the development of pre-eclampsia. It has been proposed that early-onset pre-eclampsia comprises a disease entity which is distinct from late-onset pre-eclampsia. The latter has been attributed to as yet undefned 'maternal' factors, while the former has been dubbed as 'placental' pre-eclampsia-a rather simplistic dichotomy. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or lack of impaired fetal growth in the majority of cases (a TED Talk on this topic can be accessed here: http://bit.ly/2i1SqDk). An alternative explanation is that pre-eclampsia is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. After all, the primary derangement in pre-eclampsia involves widespread and profound efects on the heart and endothelial system. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes-both pregnancy-specifc conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the glucose load of pregnancy. Emerging evidence demonstrates that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and-most signifcantly-persists post-partum. To date, the placenta has been considered in isolation without regard to the fact that its functioning is dependent on adequate perfusion by the maternal circulation. The involvement of the cardiovascular system in the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia and placental dysfunction has signifcant implications for screening, triage, diagnosis, peripartum care and postnatal management of women at risk of pre-eclampsia.
Antiphospholipid antibodies prevalence in women with late pregnancy complication and low-risk for chromosomal abnormalities silvia; Background/Purpose : While current guidelines help defining correct pregnancy standard of care for patients with systemic lupus erythematosus andantiphospholipid syndrome (APS),little is known about the significance of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPL) detection during pregnancy and their association with clinical manifestations of the syndrome in women without history of rheumatic disease. In this context, we aimed to retrospectively investigate the prevalence of aPL and late-onset pregnancy complications (LO-PC) in a cohort of women with low risk of chromosomal abnormalities. Methods : For the purpose of this study, we retrospectively collected data from a number of patients ever pregnant attending the S. Anna University Clinic (Turin, Italy) from August 2017 to August 2018, that were found to be negative for triple test and fetal abnormalities and who experienced LO-PC. aPL testing was performed on serum samples derived from pregnancy screening test collected during the fourth month of gestation. aPL detection was performed using both ELISA assay (INOVA Diagnostic) and chemiluminescent immunoassay (INOVA Diagnostic) for the semi-quantitative measurement of antibodies -comprehensive of IgG, IgM, and IgA isotypes for anticardiolipin (aCL) and anti-β2-glycoprotein I (β2GPI), β2GPI domain I, and anti-phosphatidylserine/prothrombin (aPS/PT) IgG and IgM. Results : Fifty-nine patients met the inclusion criteria of the study. Pregnancy complications were as follows: 27 (46%) patients developed preeclampsia, 1 eclampsia, 16 (27%) manifested gestational diabetes, 32 (54%) gestational hypertension, 6 (10%) experienced HELLP syndrome, and 8 (14%) intrauterine growth restriction. Obstetric and post-partum complications were as follows: 12 (20%) patients developed hypertensive crisis, 6(10%) patients developed post-partum hemorrhage, 1 patient developed hypertensive crisis, acute renal failure, and acute respiratory insufficiency concomitantly. Placental histologic examination, when performed, showed that the most frequent histologic finding was placental malperfusion (19 patients, 32%), followed by 3 fetal thrombotic vasculopathy (5%), 1 subacute villitis, 1 subacute deciduitis, and 1 case of chronic villitis of unknown etiology. Nineteen women (32%) were aPL positive, in detail: 15 showed a single positivity (6 aPS/PT IgM, 1 aPS/PT IgG, 8 aCL IgG), 3 double positivity (aCL IgG, aPS/PT IgM), and one triple positivity (aCL IgG, β2GPI IgG, andaPS/PT IgM). Of interest, patients with aPL positivity had significantly lower life births rates (84% vs. 98%, p< 0.05). Table 1 shows fetal, maternal outcomes, post-partum complications, and placental histologic findings. Conclusion : In our experience, the prevalence of aPL in women with LO-PC at low-risk for chromosomal abnormalities was as high as 32%. Our data suggest that testing for both criteria and extra criteria aPL could improve the diagnostic accuracy to identify LO-PC. Fetal and maternal pregnancy outcomes, obstetric complications and placental findings. aPL means antiphospholipid antibodies; IUGR, intrauterine growth restriction.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes for restless legs syndrome in pregnancy: A systematic review; Introduction: A 2017 meta-analysis estimated the prevalence of restless legs syndrome (RLS) during pregnancy to be as high as 21% (1), compared to 2-10% (2) in the general population, making it the most common gestational movement disorder and a significant contributor to reduced sleep quality and duration across all trimesters (3). The goal of this project is to synthesise all existing data on the relationship between gestational RLS and a select set of adverse maternal, neonatal and delivery outcomes. Multiple studies have been undertaken on this topic, yet there is still ambiguity around whether these results are robust enough to warrant further investigation into the potential harms of RLS both as a cause of sleep disturbance during pregnancy, and as an independent risk factor for poor maternal and infant health. Methods: A systematic search of Embase, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, Maternity and Infant Care and Scopus was conducted using MeSH headings and keywords for 'restless leg∗ syndrome' AND 'pregnancy' or 'birth'. Four hundred and seventy two abstracts were screened for relevance and 85 articles were assessed against our full eligibility criteria. Seventeen papers were eligible for data extraction and risk of bias assessment. Results: Our selection process returned data on eleven different outcomes including various delivery complications, measures of neonatal health and maternal comorbidities. Five of the 17 studies looked at the correlation between the prevalence of gestational RLS and pregnancy-induced hypertension. Upon data extraction, these papers returned a mixed picture, with two very large studies finding a statistically significant correlation between the two conditions (4,5), and three smaller studies remaining inconclusive (6-8). Our results also point towards a potentially strong relationship between peripartum depression and RLS during pregnancy (9,10), and a possible association between preeclampsia and RLS (4,11). The data collected suggests no proven correlation between RLS during pregnancy and low APGAR scores, low birth weight, fetal distress, postpartum haemorrhage, Caesarean delivery and gestational diabetes. Discussion: Although similar research has been undertaken to assess the links between RLS and cardiovascular disease risk in the general population (12), this is the first systematic review to clarify current evidence on transient RLS in pregnancy, a disorder that affects a huge number of women around the world but that is largely underdiagnosed and undertreated. To date, there are no specific safety guidelines for pharmacological treatment of RLS in pregnancy (13), and this is one area that could be accelerated with more research into potential associated long-term harms. The preliminary results of this project suggest that there are several overlapping conditions which would benefit from further investigation. The next step would be to explore whether optimising symptom control for RLS sufferers during pregnancy can reverse the risk of any related adverse conditions.
Preeclampsia and cardiovascular disease in a large UK pregnancy cohort of linked electronic health records a CALIBER study; BACKGROUND: The associations between pregnancy hypertensive disorders and common cardiovascular disorders have not been investigated at scale in a contemporaneous population. We aimed to investigate the association between preeclampsia, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and subsequent diagnosis of 12 different cardiovascular disorders. METHODS: We used linked electronic health records from 1997 to 2016 to recreate a UK population-based cohort of 1.3 million women, mean age at delivery 28 years, with nearly 1.9 million completed pregnancies. We used multivariable Cox models to determine the associations between hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and preeclampsia alone (term and preterm), with 12 cardiovascular disorders in addition to chronic hypertension. We estimated the cumulative incidence of a composite end point of any cardiovascular disorder according to preeclampsia exposure. RESULTS: During the 20-year study period, 18624 incident cardiovascular disorders were observed, 65% of which had occurred in women under 40 years. Compared to women without hypertension in pregnancy, women who had 1 or more pregnancies affected by preeclampsia had a hazard ratio of 1.9 (95% confidence interval 1.53-2.35) for any stroke, 1.67 (1.54-1.81) for cardiac atherosclerotic events, 1.82 (1.34-2.46) for peripheral events, 2.13 (1.64-2.76) for heart failure, 1.73 (1.38-2.16) for atrial fibrillation, 2.12 (1.49-2.99) for cardiovascular deaths, and 4.47 (4.32-4.62) for chronic hypertension. Differences in cumulative incidence curves, according to preeclampsia status, were apparent within 1 year of the first index pregnancy. Similar patterns of association were observed for hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, while preterm preeclampsia conferred slightly further elevated risks. CONCLUSIONS: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, including preeclampsia, have a similar pattern of increased risk across all 12 cardiovascular disorders and chronic hypertension, and the impact was evident soon after pregnancy. Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy should be considered as a natural screening tool for cardiovascular events, enabling cardiovascular risk prevention through national initiatives.
Number of motile spermatozoa inseminated and pregnancy outcomes in intrauterine insemination; Purpose: To determine whether age modifies the effect of the number of motile spermatozoa inseminated (NMSI) as a predictor of success in Intrauterine Insemination (IUI). Methods: This retrospective cohort study included all patients who underwent IUI at an academic infertility center between October 2004 and June 2018. The primary outcome was clinical pregnancy (CP; a gestational sac and fetal heartbeat on ultrasound). Results were analyzed by patient factors including age, NMSI, duration of infertility, and cause of infertility, along with treatment factors such as number of follicles and ovulation induction protocol. Factors associated with the odds of achieving a clinical pregnancy were analyzed using binary logistic generalized estimating equations to control for clustering effects by couple. Female age was categorized as <35 years vs. ≥35 years. Results: Seven hundred thirty-seven couples that underwent 2062 IUI cycles for heterogeneous indications were included. The overall CP rate was 15.1% per cycle, and the cumulative CP rate per couple was 35.9%. For females < 35 years, the odds of CP per cycle were reduced for NMSI categories (× 106) of < 5.0 vs. ≥10.0 (OR = 0.49; 95% CI 0.29-0.83); the odds of CP per cycle did not differ for NMSI 5.0-9.9 vs. ≥10.0 (OR = 0.66; 0.37-1.18). For those ≥35 years, no difference was seen in the odds of CP per cycle for NMSI categories < 5.0 vs. ≥10.0 (OR = 1.55; 95% CI 0.72-3.31) or 5.0-9.9 vs. ≥10.0 (OR = 1.04; 95% CI 0.48-2.27). Conclusions: These results suggest that the NMSI can be used as a predictor of success in IUI in couples with women who are < 35 years of age; these patients should be counselled about their lower pregnancy rates when the NMSI is < 5.0 × 106. In patients ≥35 years, the NMSI does not appear to be a useful predictor of success. Further studies with larger sample size should be conducted.
Hysteroscopic Placement of Platinum Microinsert in Patients With Hydrosalpinx Before In Vitro Fertilization and Embryo Transfer; Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of Tornado and Hilal (Cook Medical, Bloomington, IN) hysteroscopic proximal tubal occlusion (HPTO) for hydrosalpinx (HX) treatment before in vitro fertilization (IVF) and embryo transfer (ET) in patients with dense pelvic adhesions or low ovarian reserve. Design: A retrospective study of patients treated between May 2014 and May 2016 (Canadian Task Force classification III). Setting: A university-affiliated center. Patients: One hundred fifty women with unilateral or bilateral HX who were not candidates for laparoscopic surgery. Intervention: Tornado or Hilal HPTO before IVF-ET and/or frozen ET. Measurements and Main Results: The main outcome was the cumulative live birth rate. Tornado or Hilal placement was successful for 143 (95.3%) patients. Of the 132 patients who underwent 204 ET cycles, 86 (65.2%) conceived, and 78 (59.1%) resulted in live births. The overall early and late miscarriage rates per clinical pregnancy were 12.8% and 1.1%, respectively. The ectopic pregnancy rate was 2.3%. No major complications occurred. Conclusion: Tornado or Hilal HPTO is an effective alternative for treating HX before IVF-ET/frozen ET in patients with dense pelvic adhesions or low ovarian reserve.
Association of autoantibodies against the M2-muscarinic receptor with long-term outcomes in peripartum cardiomyopathy patients: A 5-year prospective study; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is characterized by heart failure. Our previous study found that autoantibodies against the M2-muscarinic receptor (anti-M2-R) are increased in PPCM patients. We aimed to evaluate the association of anti-M2-R on prognosis of PPCM patients with standard treatment. Methods: Synthetic peptides corresponding to the M2 receptor served as the target antigens in an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay experiment. They were used to screen the sera of 80 PPCM patients, who were separated into anti-M2-R-negative and positive groups according to their anti-M2-R reactivity. Clinical assessment and echocardiography examination were performed at baseline and after 5 years with a standard treatment regimen. The endpoint events were compared after 5 years of follow-up. Results: There were 76 PPCM patients who completed the final data analysis, including 36 in the anti-M2-R (+) group and 40 in the anti-M2-R (−) group. Both groups showed improvement in the left ventricular end-diastolic and end-systolic dimensions and the ejection fraction with standard treatment regimens for 5 years (all p < 0.001). Patients in the anti-M2-R (−) group had greater tolerance and were more rapidly titrated to metoprolol, and they had better improvement in cardiac function than patients in the anti-M2-R (+) group (p < 0.05). Patients in the anti-M2-R (−) group had a marked decrease in re-hospitalization (p < 0.05), but not in all-cause mortality or cardiovascular mortality. Being positive for anti-M2-R increased the risk of PPCM (OR = 4.7, 95% CI 1.8–12.2, p = 0.002). Conclusions: PPCM patients, especially anti-M2-R (−) patients, have a relatively better prognosis than other patients. We posit that the presence of anti-M2-R may be involved in the pathogenesis of PPCM.
Molecular and cellular bases of diabetes: Focus on type 2 diabetes mouse model-TallyHo; Diabetes is a chronic lifestyle disorder that affects millions of people worldwide. Diabetes is a condition where the body does not produce sufficient insulin or does not use it efficiently. Insulin resistance in diabetes or obesity causes the pancreatic β-cells to increase the insulin output. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3 and gestational. Type 2 diabetes accounts for ∼90–95% of total affected population and is associated with both impaired insulin production by the β-cells of the pancreas and impaired insulin release in response to high blood glucose levels. Diabetes is tightly linked with genetic mutations and genetic and lifestyle activities, including diet and exercise. Recent epidemiological studies established a close link between the diabetes and progression to Alzheimer's disease. This article summarizes various molecular mechanisms involved in the developments of diabetes, including biochemical characteristics, genetic and molecular links with Alzheimer's disease, β-cell function, and factors associated with diabetes. This will help us in the development of novel therapeutic strategies targeting AD in future.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: Results of over a decade follow-up of the Iranian population; Background and aims: We aimed at evaluating whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. Methods: In this population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18–64 years, with at least 1 live-birth delivery, and free of CVD at baseline, were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified in 2547 cases. The association between history of GDM and incident CVD was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 3 models: model 1, unadjusted; model 2, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), maternal parity, miscarriage, physical activity, hypertension and hypercholesterolemia, and model 3, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. Results: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD. Women with history of GDM had an adjusted hazard ratio (HR), 95% CI of 1.85 (1.38–2.48) and 1.29 (0.96–1.75) for CVD in models 1 and 2, respectively. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.35 (1.02–1.79) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.36 (1.03–1.80)]. Moreover, all traditional risk factors, excluding BMI, showed an independent risk for CVD in both genders. Conclusions: Women with prior GDM showed an increased risk of CVD that was not independent of important CVD risk factors. However, among men, spousal history of GDM was an independent risk factor for incident CVD, even after considering important traditional risk factors, including diabetes.
Postpartum Bleeding in Pregnant Women Receiving SSRIs/SNRIs: New Insights From a Descriptive Observational Study and an Analysis of Data from the FAERS Database; Purpose: To date, the available data on the relationship between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or the serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) venlafaxine and postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) are conflicting and have not been extensively investigated, especially in terms of plasma drug concentrations. We performed data mining of antidepressant-induced PPH reported to the US Food and Drug Administration's Adverse Event Reporting System database, to assess the strength of the potential association between antidepressant pharmacotherapy and PPH in pregnant women. Concurrently, we carried out a descriptive observational population (pregnant women) analysis of the correlation between the plasma concentrations of SSRIs/SNRIs used during pregnancy and the extent of bleeding at delivery. Methods: A disproportionality analysis of individual case study reports of PPH associated with SSRIs or venlafaxine in pregnant women was performed. Reporting odds ratio was used as a measure of disproportionality analysis. Pregnant women treated with an SSRI or SNRI (venlafaxine) for depressive or anxiety disorder and who consented to plasma drug concentration monitoring at the time of delivery were recruited. Plasma drug concentration assay was performed according to validated LC-MS/MS. Based on plasma drug concentrations, patients were classified into 1 of 2 groups, in therapeutic range or below therapeutic range for the drug administered, in accordance with the Arbeitsgemeinschaft für Neuropsychopharmakologie und Pharmakopsychiatrie guideline, and correlations with blood loss were identified, with PPH defined as a blood loss of >500 mL. Findings: Only 43 Individual Case Safety Reports (ICSRs) reported at least one SSRIs or venlafaxine as suspect drug in 14 years (database analyses). Forty-three women were enrolled in the study population (observational study). In 24 patients (55.8%) the plasma drug concentration was below the therapeutic threshold. Unexpectedly, the mean blood loss in the below-range group was significantly higher than that in the in-range group. PPH occurred in 30% of women: in 9.3% and in 20.7% of patients in the in-range and below-range groups, respectively. Implications: Although preliminary, these data indicate a rather good tolerability profile of SSRIs/SNRIs regarding postpartum bleeding. Moreover, they suggest that keeping the plasma levels of SSRIs/SNRIs low as a precautionary measure does not reduce postpartum bleeding, which was higher in the below-range group. The findings from this study suggest that the use of therapeutic drug monitoring in pregnancy, a period in which multiple variables affect drug metabolism, may allow for better treatment customization, with subsequent advantages in terms of tolerability and efficacy of treatment.
Effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus on macrosomia and birth defects in Upstate New York; Aims: To evaluate the effects of pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on macrosomia and birth defects. Methods: Existing birth registry data from the Perinatal Data System in Upstate New York was analysed. 650,914 women with a singleton term pregnancy (≥37 weeks) aged 18–55 years from 2004 to 2016 were included. Results: The prevalence of macrosomia in infants born to women with PGDM and GDM were 26.0% and 16.4%, respectively, higher than that in the controls (11.2%). Compared with the controls (0.8%), the PGDM and GDM groups had higher prevalence of any birth defect (1.8% and 1.0%). The PGDM group had the highest prevalence of cyanotic heart disease (0.6%). Moreover, the PGDM group had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect compared to the GDM and control groups (p < 0.05). However, these birth defects in the GDM group were similar to those in the controls. Both the PGDM and GDM groups had significantly elevated odds of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect than controls. The PGDM group had higher odds of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect. Conclusions: Using the Perinatal Data System database, PGDM and GDM, especially PGDM, was associated with higher prevalence of macrosomia, cyanotic heart disease and any birth defect in singleton term pregnancy in Upstate New York. PGDM, not GDM had higher prevalence of cleft lip and palate, cleft palate alone, hypospadias and limb reduction defect.
The risk for glucose intolerance after gestational diabetes mellitus since the introduction of the IADPSG criteria: A systematic review and meta-analysis; The aim of the study was to assess the postpartum risk for glucose intolerance since the introduction of the ‘International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups’ (IADPSG) criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Studies published since 2010 were included, which evaluated the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and cardiovascular (CV) events in women with previous GDM compared to normal glucose tolerant women. We included forty-three studies, evaluating 4,923,571 pregnant women of which 5.8% (284,312) had a history of GDM. Five studies used IADPSG criteria (n = 6174 women, 1314 with GDM). The overall pooled relative risk (RR) for postpartum T2DM was 7.42 (95% CI: 5.99-9.19) and the RR for postpartum T2DM with IADPSG criteria was 6.45 (95% CI: 4.74-8.77) compared to the RR of 9.08 (95% CI: 6.96-11.85; p = 0.17) for postpartum T2DM based on other diagnostic criteria. The RR for postpartum IGT was 2.45 (95% CI: 1.92-3.13), independent of the criteria used. None of the available studies with IADPSG criteria evaluated the risk for CV events. Women with a history of GDM based on the IADPSG criteria have a similarly increased risk for postpartum glucose intolerance compared to GDM based on other diagnostic criteria. More studies with GDM based on the IADPSG criteria are needed to increase the quality of evidence concerning the long-term metabolic risk.
Metabolic syndrome (METs): fecundability and adverse pregnancy outcomes with ovulation induction (OI) in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Objective: To determine the association of MetS with fecundability and pregnancy complications after OI with clomiphene citrate (CC) or letrozole (L) for infertility with PCOS. Design: Secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial (RCT) investigating probability of live birth following OI with CC or letrozole in infertile women with PCOS. Materials and Methods: 750 couples undergoing OI treatment in The Pregnancy in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome II (PPCOSII) trial. This trial enrolled women at 14 sites in U.S, age 18-40 years with PCOS (anovulation or oligovulation, with either hyperandrogenism or polycystic ovaries on ultrasound) and at least one patent fallopian tube. Women underwent OI with either CC or letrozole forup to 5 cycles. Male partners were required to have a semen analysis with sperm concentration of at least 14 million/ml. Chi-Square/Fisher exact, Student's t, and logistic regression were utilized as appropriate. A p-value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. MetS was defined by International Diabetes Federation criteria. Overweight/obese = HiBMI (>25 kg/M2), and Very high BMI (VHBMI) >35kg/ M2. Pregnancy complications included pre-eclampsia (Pr-E), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, large for gestational age (LGA) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Results: Prevalence of HiBMI was 83.5%, VHBMI 50.8%, and MetS 34.5%. For VHBMI 47% had MetS compared to 21% when BMI < 35Kg/M2. The odds for clinical pregnancy (fetal heart rate) were 0.59 (0.38, 0.90) with MetS and 0.60 (0.43, 0.83) with VHBMI in the CC group. Similarly the OR for live birth were reduced, 0.55 (0.34, 0.89) with MetS and 0.61 (0.43, 0.85) with VHBMI. Pregnancy complications occurred in 42.5% with CC and 41.5% with letrozole. In the presence of MetS the OR for GDM was 2.68 (1.22, 5.85) with letrozole, adjusted for VHBMI; and it was 3.31 (1.01, 10.82) with CC. The odds for LGA were higher after adjusting for VHBMI also (both OI agents). VHBMI increased the odds (1.76 [1.25, 2.48]) for Pre-E (CC and letrozole). MetS was not associated with Pre-E in either group. Conclusions: MetS and VHBMI lowered the odds of fecundity with CC. MetS was associated with higher odds of gestational diabetes and LGA infants after adjusting for VHBMI with both agents. MetS did not confer risk for Pr-E with either agent. VHBMI in contrast was associated with greater odds for Pr-E with either. Incidence of pregnancy complications is high following OI for oligovulation in PCOS, in part because of MetS and/or VHBMI.
Non-invasive diabetes diagnosis with pancreas bio-magnetism; Obese patients are at a higher risk of being affected by diabetes. Diabetic patients often use invasive blood sample collecting devices to measure glycemic level. The method discourages patients to use these invasive devices. The glycemic level measure after each meal to keep track of blood glucose level. This analysis helps diabetic patients to maintain glycemic level at normal levels. In this paper, we propose a novel non-invasive method to measure pancreas insulin secretion activity. This helps to analyze glycemic level in body.
Maternal Complications following Open Fetal Myelomeningocele Repair at the Zurich Center for Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy; Introduction: Despite undoubtable benefits of open fetal myelomeningocele (fMMC) repair, there are considerable maternal risks. The aim of this study was to evaluate and systematically categorize maternal complications after open fMMC repair. Methods: We analyzed data of 40 fMMC repairs performed at the Zurich Center for Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy. Maternal complications were classified according to a 5-level grading system based on a classification of surgical complications proposed by Clavien and Dindo. Results: We observed no grade 5 complication (death of a patient). Five (12.5%) women demonstrated severe grade 4 complications: 1 case of uterine rupture in a nullipara at 36 gestational weeks (GW), a third-degree atrioventricular block which needed short mechanical resuscitation, a bilateral lung embolism requiring intensive care unit (ICU) management due to low-output syndrome, and chorioamnionitis and urosepsis both requiring ICU management at 31 GW. Twenty-six (65%) women had minor (grade 1-3) complications. Conclusions: Only one grade 4 complication (uterine rupture, 2.5%) was a clear-cut direct consequence of fetal surgery. The other four grade 4 complications (10%) occurred in the context of, but cannot unequivocally be attributed to, fetal surgery, since they may occur also in other circumstances. The classification system used is a tenable step towards stringent documentation of maternal complications.
Improving neurodevelopment in infants with complex congenital heart disease; Worldwide, more than 400,000 infants are born each year with complex congenital heart disease (CCHD) requiring surgical intervention within the first months of life. Although improvements in perioperative care have resulted in increased rates of survival, more than half of infants with CCHD have neurodevelopmental impairments affecting subsequent educational achievements, job opportunities, and mental health. Brain maturity and impaired outcomes in infants with CCHD are similar to those of prematurely born infants. Developmentally supportive care, including foundational application of kangaroo care (KC), improves neurodevelopment in premature infants. Provision of developmentally supportive care with KC during the early hospitalization of infants with CCHD has the potential to similarly improve neurodevelopment. The purposes of the article are to describe common congenital heart defects, describe developmentally supportive care with an emphasis on KC, and to offer specific recommendations for KC and research in infants with CCHD.
Secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization among women with congenital heart disease; Background: The number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) of reproductive age is increasing, yet a description of trends in pregnancy and delivery outcomes in this population is lacking. Objective: To assess secular trends in pregnancy rates, delivery outcomes, and related health care utilization in the adult female CHD population in Quebec, Canada. Methods: The Quebec CHD database was used to construct a cohort with all women with CHD aged 18-45 years between 1992 and 2004. Pregnancy and delivery rates were determined yearly and compared to the general population. Secular trends in pregnancy and delivery rates were assessed with linear regression. The cesarean delivery rate in the CHD population was compared to the general population. Predictors of cesarean section were determined with multivariable logistic regression. Cox regression, adjusted for comorbidities, was used to analyze the impact of cesarean sections on 1-year health care use following delivery. Results: About 14 878 women were included. A total of 10 809 pregnancies were identified in 5641 women, of whom 4551 (80%) and 2528 (45%) experienced at least one delivery and/or abortion, respectively. Absolute yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries increased during the study period (P <.05). The increment in cesarean section rates was more pronounced among women with CHD than among the general population. Gestational diabetes (OR 1.50, 95% CI [1.13, 1.99]), gestational hypertension (OR 1.81, 95% CI [1.27, 2.57]), and preeclampsia (OR 1.59, 95% CI [1.11, 2.8]) were independent predictors of cesarean delivery. Cesarean sections were associated with postpartum cardiac-hospitalization within 1 year following delivery (HR = 2.35, 95% CI [1.05, 5.28]). Conclusions: Yearly numbers and rates of pregnancies and deliveries in adult females with CHD rose significantly during the study period. Cesarean sections led to increased health care utilization. Further research is required to determine causes of high cesarean section rates in this patient population.
GSK3β and MCL-1 mediate cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for congenital heart defects. Our previous results indicated that a decrease in myocardial cells and an increase in apoptotic cells leads to heart defects under hyperglycemia, but much work remains to elucidate this important mechanism of myocardial cell apoptosis induced by high glucose (HG). In this study, we found that a decrease in GSK3β phosphorylation on Ser9 occurred concomitantly with HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and in the heart tissues of the offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. Decreases in GSK3β (Ser9) phosphorylation in response to HG were remarkably restored after treatment with SC79, an activator of the Akt signaling pathway. SB216763, an effective inhibitor of the GSK3β signaling pathway, suppressed HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Further studies showed a decrease in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein MCL-1 was associated with GSK3β-mediated apoptosis. MCL-1 overexpression partly inhibits HG-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes. Herein, this study revealed the roles of GSK3β and MCL-1 in modulating HG-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced abnormalities.
European task force on atopic dermatitis position paper: treatment of parental atopic dermatitis during preconception, pregnancy and lactation period; Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common inflammatory skin disease that affects both children and adults, including a large number of adults of reproductive age. Several guidelines for the treatment of AD exist, yet specific recommendations for the treatment of pregnant or lactating women and for adults planning to have a child are often lacking. This position paper from the European Task force on Atopic Dermatitis (ETFAD) is based on up-to-date scientific literature on treating pregnant and lactating women as wells as adults with AD planning to have a child. It is based on the expert opinions of members of the ETFAD and on existing safety data on the proposed treatments, many of which are derived from patients with other inflammatory diseases or from transplantation medicine. For treating future parents, as well as pregnant and lactating women with AD, the use of topical treatments including moisturizers, topical corticosteroids, tacrolimus, antiseptics such as chlorhexidine, octenidine, potassium permanganate and sodium hypochlorite (bleach) is deemed to be safe. Ultraviolet (UV) therapy may also be used. Systemic treatment should be prescribed only after careful consideration. According to the opinion of the ETFAD, treatment should be restricted to systemic corticosteroids and cyclosporine A, and, in selected cases, azathioprine.
Patient and hospital characteristics associated with severe maternal morbidity among postpartum readmissions; Objective: To examine the influence of socioeconomic, clinical, and hospital characteristics on the risk of severe maternal morbidity among postpartum readmissions. Study Design: A cross-sectional analysis was conducted using the National Inpatient Sample 2006–2012 to estimate the risk of severe maternal morbidity and identify potential risk factors. Odds ratios were calculated using multivariate logistic regression. Results: Women aged ≥35 years (ages 35–39: OR 1.12 [CI 1.06, 1.19]; ages 40+: OR 1.27 [CI 1.17, 1.39]), non-Hispanic blacks (OR 1.16 [CI 1.10, 1.22]), and women with pre-existing medical conditions (OR 1.62 [CI 1.56, 1.68]) were at greater risk of severe maternal morbidity during postpartum readmissions. Women hospitalized outside the Northeast region (Midwest: OR 1.20 [CI 1.10, 1.30]; South: OR 1.29 [CI 1.20, 1.38]; West: OR 1.33 [CI 1.22, 1.44]) were also at increased risk. Conclusion: The risk of severe maternal morbidity is heightened beyond delivery hospitalization for a subset of high-risk women.
Cardiovascular prevention in women: A narrative review from the Italian Society of Cardiology working groups on 'Cardiovascular Prevention, Hypertension and peripheral circulation' and on 'Women Disease'; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality and morbidity in women.Some authors highlighted that the female risk profile consists of traditional and emerging risk factors. Despite the lower prevalence of type 2 diabetes, years of life lost owing to the disease for women are substantially higher compared with men. In addition, pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes represents a risk factor for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes have a higher prevalence of coronary artery disease that occur at a younger age and are independent of T2DM.Hypertension is an important cardiovascular risk factor in women. Estrogens and progesterone, known to have an impact on blood pressure levels, have also been proposed to be protective against sleep-disordered breathing. It is very difficult to understand whereas obstructive sleep apnea in women is independently associated with hypertension or if many confounders acting at different stages of the woman lifespan mediate this relation.The cardioprotective effect of physical activity in women of all ages is well known. Women are generally more physically inactive than men. During and after menopause, most women tend to reduce their physical activity levels and together with the reduction in basal metabolic rate, women experience loss of skeletal muscle mass with a negative change in the ratio of fat-to-lean mass.In conclusion, sex differences in the cardiovascular system are because of dissimilarities in gene expression and sex hormones; these result in variations in prevalence and presentation of CVD and associated conditions, such as diabetes, hypertension and vascular and cardiac remodeling.Changes in lifestyle and increase in physical activity could help in prevention of cardiovascular disease in women.
Adherence to Treatment of Female Patients With Coronary Heart Disease After a Percutaneous Coronary Intervention; BACKGROUND: Adherence to treatment is essential to prevent the progression of coronary heart disease (CHD), which is the most common cause of death among women. Coronary heart disease in women has special characteristics: the conventional risk factors are more harmful to women than men, accumulation of risk factors is common, and women have nontraditional risk factors such as gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In addition, worse outcomes, higher incidence of death, and complications after percutaneous coronary intervention have been reported more often among females than among male patients. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to test a model of adherence to treatment among female patients with CHD after a percutaneous coronary intervention. METHODS: A cross-sectional, descriptive, and explanatory survey was conducted in 2013 with 416 patients with CHD, of which the 102 female patients were included in this substudy. Self-reported instruments were used to assess female patient adherence to treatment. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and a structural equation model. RESULTS: Motivation was the strongest predictor for female patients' perceived adherence to treatment. Informational support, physician support, perceived health, and physical activity were indirectly, but significantly, associated with perceived adherence to treatment via motivation. Furthermore, physical activity was positively associated with perceived health, whereas anxiety and depression were negatively associated with it. CONCLUSIONS: Secondary prevention programs and patient education have to take into account individual or unique differences. It is important to pay attention to issues that are known to contribute to motivation rather than to reply on education alone to improve adherence.
Factors associated with future cardiovascular disease in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes; Background and aim: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are common complications in pregnancy. The risk of developing premature cardiovascular disease (CVD) is increased in women with a history of these disorders. However, more nuanced risk stratification is needed to identify women who would derive the greatest benefit from early risk reduction. We investigated demographic and clinical factors associated with future CVD in women with a history of HDP or GDM. Method: Women who were aged 15 to 45 years at the time of delivery were identified from among all hospital deliveries in Quebec between 1989 and 2016. Criteria for inclusion in the study were HDP, defined as pre-existing hypertension, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and superimposed pre-eclampsia, or GDM. Women with HDP or GDM were followed until age 60 years for CVD events, death, or loss to follow-up. CVD events included heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, heart and blood vessel procedures, coronary care unit admission, or mortality prior to age 60 years. We examined the association (hazard ratio, HR; 95% confidence interval, CI) between potential predictor variables and future CVD using Cox proportional hazard regression models. Risk factor variables included sociodemographic, pregnancy-related and perinatal factors recorded at the time of delivery. Results: Hypertension in pregnancy or gestational diabetes occurred in 173,430 (14%) of 1,229,278 women admitted for hospital delivery during the study. CVD events occurred in 3.3% of women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes, of which death occurred in 903 (0.5%) women. The median time to event was 12 years. Neonatal death and stillbirth had the strongest associations with CVD. HRs for CVD were 2.29 (95% CI: 1.62-3.25) for neonatal death vs none, and 2.01 (95% CI: 1.556-2.60) for stillbirth vs none. Maternal age, substance use, low socioeconomic status, tobacco use, and obesity were also associated with increased risk of CVD (Table 1). Conclusion: Future studies should investigate whether these identified factors can reliably predict the risk of CVD and mortality in women with a history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes.
Cardiac outcome in offspring of diabetic pregnancy; Introduction: Obesity and associated pathologies like insulin resistance and diabetes reach epidemic proportions worldwide. Parental diabetes has been acknowledged as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease in offspring. Objective: We investigated the influence of a diabetic pregnancy on the heart in offspring using a transgenic rat model of diabetes. Methods: We elicited pre-gestational hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in transgenic Tet29 rats by application of doxycycline, which induces a knock down of the insulin receptor via RNA interference. Wild-type Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats served as controls receiving doxycycline as well. Heart analysis was performed in fetuses and adult groups at the age of 8 months challenged by a high fat diet lasting over 12 weeks. Cardiac function was evaluated by speckle tracking echocardiography and gene expression levels were measured by qRT-PCR. Results: Tet29 mothers had higher blood glucose levels throughout and at the end of pregnancy (blood glucose 153.9±22.2 vs. 93.3±4.2 mg/dl). The quantity of pups was unaffected. Fetuses from diabetic mothers were growth restricted (brain-liver-ratio 0.554±0.011 vs. 0.515±0.009) and they had lower blood glucose levels at birth (63.3±3.0 vs. 91.2±3.2 mg/dl). Fetal heart-body-ratio remained unchanged. After 8 months of normal chow, no difference in cardiac performance was detectable. However, after feeding a high fat diet, the male offspring of diabetic mothers showed a reduced cardiac function revealed by echocardiography (ejection fraction 50.4±2.7 vs. 57.0±1.9 %, global longitudinal strain -16.2±0.5 vs. -18.0±0.5 %, left ventricular mass 1242.3±32.9 vs. 989.4±65.1 mg) and gene expression analysis (Myh-6/Myh-7 1.1±0.1 vs. 1.7±0.2). Discussion: We hypothesize that a diabetic pregnancy per se, has no acute effect on cardiovascular health in offspring in our model. However, challenges like a high fat diet, may unravel an increased susceptibility of these rats.
Crouzon syndrome: A rare case report of a 2-month old boy with micrognathia and proptosis; Objective: To diagnose a 2-month old boy with micrognathia and proptosis. Method: We summarized the clinical manifestations of the patient. Blood tests and imaging examinations were performed. DNA was isolated from peripheral blood cells. Whole exosome sequencing (WES) was conducted. Copy number variation (CNV) and loss of heterozygosity (LOH) was analyzed by Affymetrix CytoScan. Result: The patient was 2 months and 16 days old. He was found proptosis and not able to track objects with his eyes one month ago. His mother had gestational diabetes and subclinical hypothyroidism during pregnancy. His body weight was 4.5kg, and head circumference was 36 cm. Physical examination showed protruding eyes; premature fusion of lambdoidal suture, sagittal suture and frontal suture; frontal fontanelle 2cm∗2cm; ocular hypertelorism; low-set ears; a high, narrow palate; a long philtrum; a small lower jaw; laryngeal stridor; crossed extensor reflex, Babinski's reflex and Moro reflex could not be triggered, while Knee-jerk reflex and incurvation reflex were observed; no abnormalities were found in his limbs, fingers, toes and vertebrate. His blood gas, liver function, kidney function, thyroid function, lactic acid level, pyruvic acid level, levels of serum amino acids, levels of urine organic acids, and serum acylcarnitine levels were all normal. Brain MR scan showed enlarged left ventricle and dilated pericerebral space. Echocardiography showed multiple atrial septal defects. His hearing was normal and he had no retinopathy. There was no CNV and LOH detected in his DNA. WES revealed a De novo heterozygous c.1024T>A mutation leading to a p. Cys342Ser mutation in the FGFR2 gene, which was a hotspot of mutation and reported to be related with Crouzon syndrome and Pfeiffer syndrome. Conclusion: According the results above, this patient was diagnosed as Crouzon syndrome, which is a rare genetic disorder and characterized by craniosynostosis. This rare case suggests that the diagnosis of rare diseases should be made in combinations of clinical characterization, examinations and genetic analysis.
The first case of genetically diagnosed cantu' syndrome in china with mutation in ABCC9; Background: Cantu' syndrome is rare disease characterized by characterized by congenital hypertrichosis, neonatal macrosomia, cardiomegaly and several other abnormalities. Gain-of-function mutations in either KCNJ8 or ABCC9 have been identified as the causative gene for Cantu' syndrome. Here we report the first genetically diagnosed Cantu' syndrome case in China and describe the full clinical features of the case. Case: A 4-month-old Chinese female infant was transferred from a local hospital to our pediatric intensive care unit because of severe pneumonia and congenital heart disease without family history. She was born at 39+2 weeks' gestation and her birth weight was 4.6kg indicating neonatal macrosomia. A coarse face was noticed. She has flat broad nasal bridge, long philtrum (18mm) and thick lower lip vermilion. Thick scalp hair that extends onto the forehead and grows down onto the cheeks in front of the ears were observed. Her body hair, especially on the back and arms, increases. She has abundant eyebrows and curly eyelashes. Evaluations for physical growth showed body weight 6.8kg; recumbent length 66.0cm; crown-rump length 41.0cm; head circumference 41.5cm; chest circumference 43.0cm and arm span 67.0cm. Hypotonia was revealed though physical examination of nervous system. Echocardiography after hospitalization showed patent ductus arteriosus, patent foramen ovale, hypertrophied muscle bundles in the anterior wall of the right ventricle, moderate pulmonary hypertension, and left atrium and ventricular enlargement. Radiological Findings of the whole body only showed varus knee deformity. A hereditary disease was highly suspected. Then, exome sequencing was performed and a De novo heterozygote mutation in ABCC9 gene (c.3460C>T, p.R1154W) was detected. Thus, an autosomal dominant Cantu' syndrome was diagnosed. Surgical closure of the PDA was performed for this infant. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first genetically diagnosed Cantu' syndrome caused by point mutation in ABCC9 gene. This case broadens the ethnic diversity and clinical variety of Cantu' syndrome.
Pathological features of placental abruption in maternal diabetes; Objective Placental abruption is one of the most dangerous conditions in pregnancy, life threatening for the mother and the child as well. Hypertensive disorders and diabetes associated with pregnancy are considered major risk factors for placental abruption. Our study goal is to assess the link between the histopathological features and the perinatal outcome in cases of diabetes- associated pregnancies complicated with placental abruption. Methods We completed a retrospective study of all the cases of maternal diabetes who delivered in our tertiary university obstetric department during a period of 24 months (between 1st of January 2017 and 31stof December 2018). Placental abruption was diagnosed in 11 from the 48 cases (22,9%). In only 3 of the cases the diagnosis was established before the delivery and the decision was the emergency cesarean section. Because of the systematic examination of the placentas after deliveries, the obstetrician described the presence of the retroplacental hematoma or blood clot in the other 8 cases, all delivered by elective cesarean section. The macroscopic and microscopic description of the placental changes was made after the histopathological examination. The condition of the babies was assessed by the Apgar Score. We systematically recorded from the hospital charts the significant clinical data and the pathological findings. Results Patients with placental abruption and diabetes had a history of cesarean section in 4 cases. No one of the babies died in utero in our study group. Fetal heart rate abnormalities appeared in 5 of the cases. All the babies had a good Apgar Score and a favorable outcome. Placental abnormalities were registered with a wide range of variation. The weight of the placenta was higher than those in nondiabetic pregnant women. The placentas were severe abnormal, enlarged, thick, plethoric in cases with pre pregnancy diabetes (in 3 cases). Unusually thick decidua, dysmature villous structure, villous hypervascularity or even chorangiosis were present in almost all cases with poor glucose control. The most frequent placental pathologic nonspecific features were meconium staining, acute atherosis, fibrinoid necrosis, villous oedema or fibrosis. Conclusion Diabetes is highly associated with placental abruption. Surprising was the good outcome of all the babies delivered in case of diabetes complicated with placental abruption in our group. That could mean that the wellbeing of the fetus was not affected by the pathological changes described in these placentas. Histopathological examination of the placenta following pregnancies affected by complications may be an important tool in the patient care. Taking in consideration this information, the management of the subsequent pregnancies could also be improved.
Vivax malaria in pregnant woman with gestational diabetes in a hospital of the amazon region case report; Introduction Malaria is one of the most important infectious diseases worldwide. It occurs in more than 90 countries, putting at risk about 40% of the population. Its control requires an integrated approach, including prevention and immediate treatment with antimalarials. Malaria is caused by parasites of the genus Plasmodium that are transmitted to people by the bite of females infected with mosquitoes of the genus Anopheles. Plasmodium vivax is the most common in Brazil. Its symptoms are fever, headache, chills and vomiting. The pregnant woman mainly causes abortion, premature birth, anemia, intrauterine growth restriction and death. Objective To report a case of vivax malaria in a pregnant woman with gestational diabetes occurring in a hospital in the Amazon region and to review literature of greater relevance on the subject Methods The present work uses a bibliographical research reference, in order to seek information and report the case on Plasmodium Vivax infection during pregnancy in a Hospital in the Amazon region. Case AALC, 34years, pregnant, 13s1d, G5PC3A1, attended for attendance at the obstetric center on 05/05/2017, referring treatment for malaria vivax. Physical examination at normal admission, blood pressure 110/70 mmHg, TOTG 75g 96\148\99. Examination: uterus with 12 cm in height, heart beats present: 140. Requested examination of plasmodium and obstetric ultrasonography. Confirmed the diagnosis of infection by plasmodium vivax +++/4+, initiated treatment with chloroquine 150mg scheme 4/3/3 tablets and sent to the Pre-Natal of High Risk. On 09/15/2017 returns with IG 32S1D to perform glycemic profile, makes use of chloroquine 150mg 2 tablets weekly. Examination: uterus with 32cm high, heart rate 147. Unrealized vaginal tap. Was confirmed the diagnosis of gestational diabetes and USG polihidramnia with normal Doppler. The patient was admitted to the obstetric center of HBAP, where cesarean delivery occurred with 40S1D. With live RN, male, weighing 3960 gr,46cm of height. There were no malformations. Diagnosis and early treatment of malaria reduce maternal-fetal complications, avoiding maternal death and neonatal damage. Therefore, it can be considered that all pregnant women should be targeted for malaria prevention and control actions. Conclusion Diagnosis and early treatment of malaria reduce maternal-fetal complications, avoiding maternal death and neonatal damage. Therefore, it can be considered that all pregnant women should be targeted for malaria prevention and control actions.
Diagnosis of isomerism; Heterotaxy syndrome (HS) or isomerism is a rare, complex disorder involving structural cardiac defects in combination with symmetrical development of abdominal viscera that are normally asymmetrical organs. In most cases, HS occurs sporadically, with an incidence of 1 in 10 000 - 40 000 live births. Preexisting maternal diabetes is the most commonly noted maternal condition associated with HS. The nomenclature commonly seen in the literature for isolating the subtypes of HS refers to the presence of extra splenic tissue (polysplenia) which is bilateral left sidedness, also called left isomerism or absence of the spleen (asplenia) which is bilateral right sidedness or right isomerism. Patients with left isomerism tend to have fewer complex heart anomalies, allowing for a better prognosis, in the absence of heart block. The occurrence of complete heart block has been reported in 50% of fetuses with left isomerism. Spontaneous fetal demise occurs more often in fetuses with left isomerism, due to heart failure and the hydrops diagnosed in the first trimester. In contrast, intrauterine demise in the patient with right isomerism occurs with less frequency; however, the overall antenatal outcome for a patient with right isomerism can be much poorer than a fetus with left isomerism. The associated findings with left isomerism include polysplenia, bilateral morphologic left atrial appendages, bilateral bilobed lungs, interruption of the IVC with azygos continuation into the SVC, midline symmetric liver, stomach on either right or left side of the abdomen, and absence of the gallbladder. Typical findings that accompany right isomerism include asplenia, bilateral morphologic right atrial appendages, bilateral trilobed lungs, bilateral SVCs, midline liver, and right- or left-sided gallbladder and stomach. In addition, most patients with right isomerism will have multiple and complex heart anomalies. Some examples include absent coronary sinus, common atrium, ventricular septal defect, transposition of the great vessels, total anomalous pulmonary venous connection to a systemic vein, or pulmonary artery stenosis/atresia. An inconsistency between the location of the fetal stomach and cardiac apex can be the first indication that HS may be present. Other common sonographic findings in left isomerism, include the presence of multiple splenic structures (polysplenia), morphologic left atrial appendages (hook-shaped, narrow-stalk) bilaterally, IVC interruption with azygous continuation into the SVC, symmetric midline liver, stomach and absent gallbladder. Conversely, frequent sonographic findings of right isomerism include absence of the spleen, morphologic right atrial appendages bilaterally (pyramidal-shaped, broad-based), bilateral superior vena cavae, midline liver, and stomach and/or gallbladder on the right or left side of the abdomen. In right isomerism, numerous and complex congenital heart defects are often present, such as atrioventricular canal defects and anomalies of pulmonary venous return. However, both in right and left isomerism that there is a vast amount of variation from case to case in associated cardiac defects. Therefore, it is very important to assess the visceral situs accurately and consistently during each obstetric examination. During the routine obstetric sonographic examination, the position of the fetal stomach should be assessed in relation to the cardiac apex by using a transverse view of the fetal thorax and abdomen. Any noted discrepancy should raise suspicion that HS might be present. Visualization of the atrial appendages during fetal echocardiography would provide the most accurate diagnosis of HS. However, routine imaging has not been instituted as the appendages are very small and they lie in an imaging plane outside the standard four-chamber view. A thorough fetal examination in the suspected heterotaxy patient should include relational positions of the IVC, descending aorta, and azygos system in addition to the cardiac rhythm and visceral organ arrangement. The most frequently encountered anomaly associated almost exclusively with left isomerism is interruption of the IVC with azygos continuation to the SVC. An important diagnostic feature of right isomerism is the ipsilateral position of the aorta and IVC. The aorta and IVC lie parallel on one side of the spine, with the IVC more anterior, instead of the normal arrangement of aorta to the left of the spine with IVC found on the right side of the spine. The prognosis for a patient with HS varies significantly depending on the cardiac abnormalities and coexisting variable abdominal anatomy. A 50% or higher mortality rate is documented in patients with left isomerism, and for patients with right isomerism, the mortality increases to 85% or greater. When considering treatment for patients with HS, the goal is typically palliative, as surgical repair to achieve normal anatomic arrangement is impractical.
Fetal overgrowth: Possible genetic implications; Fetal growth anomalies can be correlated to genetic sindromes. The sooner fetal growth anomalies are manifested, the major is the correlation to genetically determined syndromes. In fact, the most common Trisomies (13, 18, 21) are caracterized by anomalous Crown-Rump Length (CRL) values as early as the first trimester. The choice which growth curve to employ can be of fundamental importance for diagnosing fetal growth anomalies. Many studies have focused their efforts on establishing a more efficient growth curve; currently, the Hadlock algorithm is the most sensible and the growth curves suggested by the intergrowth study are those best devised methodologically and with a major number of cases available. Further accessory parameters such as the measurement of the fetal soft tissue (midhomuerus, shoulder, abdominall wall, thigh, peribuccal area) could be useful. Additionally, correct evaluation of the amniotic fluid and the fetal flussimetry (diabetes, hypertension, etc.) is mandatory to exclude obstetrical pathologies. Fetal overgrowth is an indication to look for further associated anomalies. Increased Abdominal Circumference (AC) could suggest visceromegaly rather than an increase of adipose tissue. Visceromegaly is characteristic of a number of genetic syndromes and is manifested in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. When detected, the Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome should be suspected. This syndrome is mainly associated with macroglossia as well as omphalocele often hard to diagnose due to its small dimensions. The Perlman syndrome should also be taken into account, although it is associated to major fetal anomalies often diagnosed in the second trimester (facial dysmorphia, macrocephaly, fetal ascites). Fetal macrosomia associated to macrocephaly and increased fronto-occipital diameter should lead us to suspect a Sotos syndrome which is often tricky to diagnose during prenatal life because it is associated to other major fetal anomalies only in 3% of all cases. The Golabi syndrome, at the expense of an AC increase, is associated with a shorter femur length. A number of cardiopathies or diaphragmatic hernia can be present as well and this may be useful for its identification but they are not always observed.
Epidemiology of multiple pregnancies in turkey: Problems and solutions?; Multiple pregnancies are among the conditions that significantly increase maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Unfortunately, inadequaterecordingsystem in developing countries leads to insufficient evaluation of data. In the USA, twins consist of 2-4% of all births, an increase of 76% from 1980 to 2009. Rates differ in different countries of theWorld such as 8/1000 in India, South Asia, 9-16 / 1000 in Latin America and USA, >17 / 1000 in Africa. The highest rate is in Nigeria and the lowest is in Japan. It has increased from 11.7 / 1000 to 19/1000 in European countries in the 2000s. The most comprehensive study on this subject in our country was published by Yayla et al, posted in 2008, according to this study, multiple pregnancy rate was 1.94% and twins' contribution was 1.86%. In another study which is still in the publication stage, Özçil MD and Güngören A found that the twin rate was 1.79% when they evaluated multiple pregnancies admitted to their institutions in 2011-2017. Two main reasonsforthe increase in multiple pregnancies are advanced maternal age and advanced reproductive techniques (ART). In many countries today, babies born with ART account for 1-4% of all newborns. Multiple pregnancies are associated with maternal and fetal risks, whether spontaneous or assisted reproductive techniques occur. Maternal risks include anemia, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, myocardial infarction, heart failure, stroke, venous thromboembolism, pulmonary edema, cesarean section, hysterectomy. Fetal risks include IUGR, preterm labor, selective fetal growth retardation, TTTS, umbilical cord injuries, fetal death. Neonatal risks include respiratory distress syndrome, necrotizing enterocolitis and intraventricular hemorrhages due to prematurity. The most important way to reduce morbidity and mortality in multiple pregnanciesis early diagnosis and records from the beginning of pregnancy. In addition, single embryo transfer in the use of assisted reproductive techniques, the use of a standard pregnancy report card, communication between institutions and physicians through the computer system, proper collection of data within a national data diagnosis to be established and monitoring of risky twins in perinatology centers will reduce the negative outcomes to an acceptable level.
Stroke in pregnancy. Is it safe to ct meu in pregnancy a case report and literature review; We are presenting a case of stroke in a primiparous woman with no history of BP, cardiac or hyper coagulability problems. She smoked 10cigarettes/day. Her BMI was 23 and Asian Black in ethnicity. She developed gestational diabetes which was well controlled with metformin 500mg BD. She was on Aspirin 75mg from 12 weeks. Induction of labour was planned at 37w due to diabetes. She was admitted at 36 weeks due to slurred speech and weakness of the left hand. Medical registrar advised CT Head which was normal. Due to persistent symptoms, MRI of the head was performed, which showed small lesions in the front- parietal cortex, suggestive of stroke. She was commenced on Aspirin 300mg OD. During her stay she had MRV, heart ECHO, Doppler of lower limbs and CT angio-head which were normal. She delivered by an uncomplicated Elective CS at 36 weeks and 3 days. MRI performed a week later was normal. She made a good recovery. She was discharged on Aspirin with a further appointment with the stroke team. Stroke in pregnancy is a recognised complication which contributes to >12% of maternal deaths. Incidence is between 4.3-210/100000. Stroke in young age (15-35) is more common in women and associated with poorer outcomes in terms of disability and dependency. Some risk factors for stroke are: a)age >35, b)black ethnicity, c)hypertension, d)heart disease, e)lupus, f)sickle cell disease. Exposure to CT scan can be teratogenic. There is strong evidence that the teratogenic levels of the CT are 5000mrad. A single CT head is equal to 50mrad, 10mrad for CT cerebral angiography and chest X-ray is 1mrad. The risk for the baby to develop cancer is 1/17000 per 100mrad of foetal exposure. Use of iodinated agents carries risk of hypothyroidism in the newborn. There are no adverse effects to the foetus from MRI, but the long term consequences, are unknown. Prior to use of Galodinium, due to its long half-life, a thorough risk-benefit assessment should be made as it is associated with stillbirths and neonatal deaths. In conclusion, stroke is one of the causes of indirect maternal deaths since pregnancy itself is hyper coagulated period. Literature shows that CT and MRI of the head are safe to use in pregnancy.
Abstracts 14th World Congress of Perinatal Medicine; The proceedings contain 483 papers. The topics discussed include: the contribution of fetal echocardiography in the antenatal diagnosis of DEL22Q11.2 (Di George and other syndromes); pulmonary atresia with right hypoplasic ventricle and persistence of ductus arteriosus options and innovations in the current treatment case report; prenatally diagnosed cardiac rhabdomyomas characteristics and outcome; risk factors in thromboprophylaxis guidelines for correct diagnosis of antemortem fatal pulmonary embolism; maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes following induced labor in advanced maternal age in single institution; the role of exclusive breastfeeding in improving OGTT results of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus at six to twelve weeks postpartum; the effect of maternal age on cesarean section rate and maternal and neonatal morbidity following induced labor; the relationships between asthma and obesity in pregnant women; and the effect of maternal obesity and lipid profile on first trimester serum progesterone levels.
METABOLIC SYNDROME (METS): FECUNDABILITY AND ADVERSE PREGNANCY OUTCOMES WITH OVULATION INDUCTION (OI) IN POLYCYSTIC OVARY SYNDROME (PCOS); OBJECTIVE: To determine the association of MetS with fecundability and pregnancy complications after OI with clomiphene citrate (CC) or letrozole (L) for infertility with PCOS. DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial (RCT) investigating probability of live birth following OI with CC or letrozole in infertile women with PCOS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: 750 couples undergoing OI treatment in The Pregnancy in Polycystic Ovary Syndrome II (PPCOSII) trial. This trial enrolled women at 14 sites in U.S, age 18-40 years with PCOS (anovulation or oligovulation, with either hyperandrogenism or polycystic ovaries on ultrasound) and at least one patent fallopian tube.Women underwent OI with either CC or letrozole forup to 5 cycles. Male partners were required to have a semen analysis with sperm concentration of at least 14 million/ml. Chi- Square/Fisher exact, Student's t, and logistic regression were utilized as appropriate. A p-value of < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. MetS was defined by International Diabetes Federation criteria. Overweight/ obese = HiBMI (>25 kg/M2), and Very high BMI (VHBMI) >35kg/ M2. Pregnancy complications included pre-eclampsia (Pr-E), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery, large for gestational age (LGA) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). RESULTS: Prevalence of HiBMI was 83.5%, VHBMI 50.8%, and MetS 34.5%. For VHBMI 47% had MetS compared to 21% when BMI < 35Kg/ M2. The odds for clinical pregnancy (fetal heart rate) were 0.59 (0.38, 0.90) with MetS and 0.60 (0.43, 0.83) with VHBMI in the CC group. Similarly the OR for live birth were reduced, 0.55 (0.34, 0.89) with MetS and 0.61 (0.43, 0.85) with VHBMI. Pregnancy complications occurred in 42.5% with CC and 41.5% with letrozole. In the presence of MetS the OR for GDM was 2.68 (1.22, 5.85) with letrozole, adjusted for VHBMI; and it was 3.31 (1.01, 10.82) with CC. The odds for LGA were higher after adjusting for VHBMI also (both OI agents). VHBMI increased the odds (1.76 [1.25, 2.48]) for Pre-E (CC and letrozole). MetS was not associated with Pre-E in either group. CONCLUSIONS: MetS and VHBMI lowered the odds of fecundity with CC. MetS was associated with higher odds of gestational diabetes and LGA infants after adjusting for VHBMI with both agents. MetS did not confer risk for Pr-E with either agent. VHBMI in contrast was associated with greater odds for Pr-E with either. Incidence of pregnancy complications is high following OI for oligovulation in PCOS, in part because of MetS and/ or VHBMI.
ADVERSE PREGNANCY OUTCOMES AND LONG-TERM RISK OF MATERNAL RENAL DISEASE: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW AND META-ANALYSIS; Background Adverse pregnancy outcomes, like hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm delivery, are associated with increased risk of long-term maternal cardiovascular and cerebrovascular disease. Comparatively little is known about whether adverse pregnancy outcomes increase the risk of maternal renal disease. We aimed to investigate associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes (HDP, GDM, preterm delivery) and long-term maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD), by synthesising the results of relevant published studies. Methods A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science was undertaken from inception of databases to 31 July 2018. Case-control and cohort studies published in English were eligible for inclusion if they provided original effect estimates for associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes (HDP, GDM, preterm delivery) and maternal renal disease (primary outcomes: CKD, ESKD; secondary outcomes: renal hospitalisation, mortality due to renal disease). Two independent reviewers extracted data and assessed risk of bias. Random effects meta-analyses were conducted using RevMan 5.3 to determine the pooled adjusted odds ratio (AOR) and 95% confidence interval (95%CI) for each association between each adverse pregnancy outcome and CKD or ESKD respectively. Subgroup analysis by HDP subtype was performed. Results Of 5,120 studies retrieved, 21 studies met inclusion criteria (37 adjusted effect estimates in total, including 4,483,847 participants). HDP was associated with significantly increased odds of ESKD (AOR 6.58, 95%CI 4.06-10.65, based on nine effect estimates), CKD (AOR 2.08, 95%CI 1.06-4.10, based on eight estimates), and renal hospitalisation (AOR 2.29, 95%CI 1.42-3.71, based on six estimates). The magnitude of association was dependent on HDP subtype: AOR for preeclampsia and ESKD was 4.87 (95%CI 3.01- 7.87); for gestational hypertension and ESKD was 3.65 (95% CI 2.34-5.67); for other HDP (including chronic hypertension ± superimposed preeclampsia) and ESKD was 14.67 (95%CI 3.21-66.97). Preterm delivery was associated with increased odds of ESKD (AOR 2.16, 95%CI 1.64-2.85, based on three estimates). GDM was associated with increased odds of CKD among black women (AOR 1.78, 95%CI 1.18-2.70), but not white/Caucasian women (AOR 0.81, 95%CI 0.58-1.13, based on four estimates). Conclusion Women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes have increased odds of long-term renal disease, particularly those exposed to HDP. This study was limited by small numbers of studies in each individual meta-analysis, restricting the ability to assess for publication bias. Long-term follow-up should be optimised for women who experience adverse pregnancy outcomes, and preventive interventions may be warranted to reduce their risk of clinically significant renal disease.
Gestational diabetes in mothers and long term cardiovascular disease in both parents: results of over a decade follow-up; Background and aims: To evaluate whether the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus in mothers is associated with increased risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD) in both mothers and fathers. Materials and methods: During a prospective population-based study, 4308 Iranian women, aged 18-64 years with at least 1 livebirth delivery and free of CVD at baseline were followed. Corresponding spouses were identified for 2547 cases. The association between GDM in mother and incident CVD in both mothers and fathers was assessed using multivariate Cox's proportional hazard in 2 models. Model 1, adjusted for age, body mass index, smoking (for men), hypertension and hypercholesterolemia. Model 2, further adjusted for diabetes mellitus. Results: After a median follow-up of 14.1 years, 314 mothers and 424 fathers experienced CVD; corresponding incidence rates were 58.68 and 142.67 per 10000 person-years, respectively. Women with GDM had an increased risk of CVD [hazard ratio (HR) 1.38, 95% CI (1.02-1.86)] in the confounder adjusted model. After adjusting for diabetes mellitus, this risk became insignificant [1.19(0.88-1.60)]. Furthermore, an independent association with CVD was observed in fathers with an adjusted HR of 1.33 (1.00- 1.75) in the confounder adjusted model and even after further controlling for diabetes [1.34(1.01-1.77)]. Moreover, all confounders excluding BMI remained independent risk factors for CVD in both genders. Conclusion: Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD that might be mediated by the development of subsequent diabetes. Moreover, among fathers, spousal history of GDM is an independent risk factor for incident CVD and might be added to traditional risk factors in the CVD risk evaluation.
Gestational diabetes modifies cord blood lipid profile across birth weight categories; Background and aims: Both gestational diabetes (GDM) and fetal growth disorders have been associated with metabolic adaptations that may affect cardiovascular conditions in adulthood. Abnormal lipid metabolism has already been observed inGDMand small for gestational age (SGA) neonates. However, enrichment of circulating lipid classes and subclasses, as well as the sub-fraction particles and their size has been scarcely explored. The aim of this study is to assess the impact ofGDMin cord blood lipid profile across birth weight categories. Materials and methods: Case-control study involved 74 normal Glucose tolerant (NGT) and 62 GDM pregnant women and their offspring. Methods: Cord blood was collected, and newborn were classified according birth weight as SGA, adequate for gestational age (AGA) and large for gestational age (LGA). Inclusion criteria: delivery at term, single pregnancy, no other known disease. A complete anthropometric evaluation, including skinfold measurements, was performed. Glucose, insulin and standard lipid concentrations were measured in cord blood. The 2D diffusion-ordered (1) H NMR spectroscopy data was further used for lipoprotein profiling which provides information about the size, lipid concentration (cholesterol and triglycerides), and number of particles for the main classes of lipoproteins [very-low density lipoprotein (VLDL), low-density lipoprotein (LDL), intermediate-density lipoprotein (IDL) and high-density lipoprotein (HDL)], as well as the concentration of particles in their subclasses (large, medium, small) (Liposcale test). Statistical analyisis: Student T-test and Mann-Whitney as requiered, correlation analysis, one-way and two-way anova test. Results: Maternal age and pre-pregnancy BMI was similar in both groups, whereas gestational weight gain was lower in the GDM group. No differences were observed in gestational age at delivery, skinfold measurements, placental weight and birth weight in both groups. Skinfold measurements and cord blood insulin and C peptide concentrations were positively correlated with LDL cholesterol content and LDL large and small particles, whereas VLDL and IDL triglyceride content and VLDL particles and their subclasses were negatively correlated. In addition, the size, lipid content, number of particles or the concentration of particles in their subclasses between offspring born to GDM and NGT women were similar; across different birth weight categories, LDL and HDL cholesterol content and the concentrations of particles in their subclasses showed a similar trend in NGTand GDM offspring. However, we observed an interaction between GDM and birth categories in IDL cholesterol content, IDL and LDL triglyceride content and the number of medium VLDL and LDL particles, showing a different behavior of cord blood VLDL and LDL triglycerides and cholesterol content in AGA neonates from GDM compared to NGT mothers, who showed higher number of particles and lipoprotein concentrations. Conclusion: GDM disturbs triglyceride and cholesterol lipoprotein concentrations across birth categories, with AGA neonates born to GDM mothers showing a profile more similar to adults with dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis than those born to NGT women.
Gestational weight gain but not gestational diabetes associate with altered heart rate variability in 2 year old children; Background and aims: The measurement of heart rate variability (HRV) is used to assess the activity of the autonomous nervous system. A decreased HRV and an increased heart rate have been shown to associate with glucose intolerance and diabetes. In our previous work we showed that the fetal HRVof the unborn child is influenced by gestational diabetes (GDM) of the mother.We have now examined whether this association is also present in 2 year old children that have been exposed to GDM in utero. Materials and methods:We examined the offspring of mothers who had a 5-point 75-g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy. To assess HRV, a 10 minute ECG (BIOPAC MP30, BIOPAC Systems Inc) was recorded. We analyzed time domain (beats per minute (BPM), Root Mean Square of successive differences (rMSSD)) and frequency domain parameters (low frequency (LF), high frequency (HF) and LF/HF) of HRV with KUBIOS HRV (version 2.2). All variables were tested for normal distribution using Shapiro Wilk test and log-transformed if necessary. Group differences (GDM vs control) were tested with T-test and continuous variables were analyzed with linear regression. Results:We examined 59 children (31 girls, 28 boys, age 25.3±1.7 months). During pregnancy 27 mothers hadGDMwithout insulin therapy, which was treated according to international guidelines. Children from the GDM group were taller (length for age z-score corrected for sex p=0.024) but BMI zscore was not different.We were able to record ECGs with sufficient quality from 44 children. There was no difference in any of the examined HRV parameters between children of mothers with GDM and controls. However we observed a correlation with gestational weight gain (GWG). An increased GWG associated with a lower heart rate in the (p=0.03, adjusted for sex). In addition, higher GWG was associated with a lower LF/HF ratio and a higher rMSSD (both p=0.01, adjusted for sex). Conclusion: GWG is associated with heart rate variability features that indicate an activation of the parasympathetic nervous system in 2 year old children. The absence of a correlation with maternal metabolism could be explained by successful treatment of women with GDM. Further studies are needed to examine how aGWGabove or below the recommendations affects HRVand if the observed differences persist in the offspring.
From Pre-Diabetes to Diabetes: Diagnosis, Treatments and Translational Research; Diabetes, a silent killer, is one of the most widely prevalent conditions of the present time. According to the 2017 International Diabetes Federation (IDF) statistics, the global prevalence of diabetes among the age group of 20-79 years is 8.8%. In addition, 1 in every 2 persons is unaware of the condition. This unawareness and ignorance lead to further complications. Pre-diabetes is the preceding condition of diabetes, and in most of the cases, this ultimately leads to the development of diabetes. Diabetes can be classified into three types, namely type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of both pre-diabetes and diabetes is based on glucose criteria; the common modalities used are fasting plasma glucose (FPG) test and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). A glucometer is commonly used by diabetic patients to measure blood glucose levels with fast and rather accurate measurements. A few of the more advanced and minimally invasive modalities include the glucose-sensing patch, SwEatch, eyeglass biosensor, breath analysis, etc. Despite a considerable amount of data being collected and analyzed regarding diabetes, the actual molecular mechanism of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is still unknown. Both genetic and epigenetic factors are associated with T2DM. The complications of diabetes can predominantly be classified into two categories: microvascular and macrovascular. Retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy are grouped under microvascular complications, whereas stroke, cardiovascular disease, and peripheral artery disease (PAD) belong to macrovascular complications. Unfortunately, until now, no complete cure for diabetes has been found. However, the treatment of pre-diabetes has shown significant success in preventing the further progression of diabetes. To prevent pre-diabetes from developing into T2DM, lifestyle intervention has been found to be very promising. Various aspects of diabetes, including the aforementioned topics, have been reviewed in this paper.
Inflammatory Consequences of Maternal Diabetes on the Offspring Brain: a Hippocampal Organotypic Culture Study; Gestational diabetes is a disorder associated with abnormal chronic inflammation that poses a risk to the developing fetus. We investigated the effects of experimentally induced diabetes (streptozotocin model) in Wistar female rats on the inflammatory status of the hippocampi of their offspring. Additionally, the impact of antidiabetic drugs (metformin and glyburide) on inflammatory processes was evaluated. Organotypic hippocampal cultures (OHCs) were prepared from the brains of the 7-day-old rat offspring of control and diabetic mother rats. On the 7th day in vitro, the cultures were pretreated with metformin (3 μM) or glyburide (1 μM) and then stimulated for 24 h with lipopolysaccharide (LPS, 1 μg/ml). The OHCs obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were characterized by the increased mortality of cells and an enhanced susceptibility to damage caused by LPS. Although we showed that LPS stimulated the secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, TNF-α) in the control and diabetic cultures, the levels of IL-1β and IL-6 in the OHC medium obtained from the offspring of diabetic mothers were more pronounced. In the diabetic cultures, enhanced levels of TLR-4 and the overactivation of the NLRP3 inflammasome were demonstrated. Metformin and glyburide pretreatment normalized the LPS-induced IL-1β secretion in the control and diabetic cultures. Furthermore, glyburide diminished both: LPS-induced IL-6 and TNF-α secretion in the control and diabetic cultures and increased NF-κB p65 subunit phosphorylation. Glyburide also diminished the levels of the NLRP3 subunit and caspase-1, but only in the diabetic cultures. The results showed that maternal diabetes affected inflammatory processes in the offspring brain and increased hippocampal sensitivity to the LPS-induced inflammatory response. The use of antidiabetic agents, especially glyburide, had a beneficial impact on the changes caused by maternal diabetes.
Maternal Exposure to Housing Renovation During Pregnancy and Risk of Offspring with Congenital Malformation: The Japan Environment and Children's Study; There have been no large, nationwide, birth cohort studies in Japan examining the effects of house renovation during pregnancy on congenital abnormality. This study examined the impact of (1) prenatal exposure to house renovation and (2) maternal occupational exposure to organic solvents and/or formaldehyde on the incidence of congenital abnormality. The fixed data of 67,503 singleton births from a large national birth cohort study that commenced in 2011 were used to evaluate the presence of congenital abnormalities and potential confounding factors. We employed multiple logistic regression analysis to search for correlations between maternal exposure to house renovation or organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy and such congenital abnormalities as congenital heart disease, cleft lip and/or palate, male genital abnormality, limb defect, and gastrointestinal obstruction. After controlling for potential confounding factors, we observed that house renovation was significantly associated with male genital abnormality (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.03-3.17, P = 0.04) when stratified by congenital abnormality, with no other remarkable relations to house renovation or occupational use of organic solvents and/or formaldehyde during pregnancy. There were also significant correlations for maternal BMI before pregnancy, history of ovulation induction through medication, maternal diabetes mellitus/gestational diabetes mellitus, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy with an increased risk of congenital abnormality. In conclusion, this large nationwide survey provides important information on a possible association of house renovation during pregnancy with congenital male genital abnormality which needs confirmation in future studies.
Nutrition assessment in process-driven, personalized dietetic intervention – The potential importance of assessing behavioural components to improve behavioural change: Results of the EU-funded IMPECD project; Background & aims: Although up-to-date definitions for nutrition assessment integrate behavioural components, it is not clear what behavioural components are to be assessed. Since behavioural modification is linked to effective therapeutic dietetic interventions, assessing behaviour and factors influencing behaviour might be beneficial to improve personalized dietetic outcome. The aim of the following report is to emphasize the role of behavioural components and factors affecting behaviour at baseline nutrition assessment in personalized dietetic intervention. Methods: The present work is part of the EU-funded project IMPECD (“Improvement of Education and Competences in Dietetics”, www.impecd.eu). The project aims to improve the clarity and consistency of national dietetic process models to unify education and training of future dietitians. Experts from five European Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) in Antwerp (BE), Fulda (DE), Groningen (NL), Neubrandenburg (DE) and St. Pölten (AT) developed a Massive Open Online Course (MOOC) consisting of several clinical cases. It warranted a detailed evaluation of all dietetic care process steps, starting with nutrition assessment. Results: Results for motivation assessed during nutrition assessment are not consistently positively associated with outcome and the added value of assessing them at baseline is still unclear. However, depressive symptoms, emotional distress, and anxiety negatively affect eating and physical activity and therefore limit the efficacy of the dietetic intervention. Assessing behavioural components including nutrition literacy is an important precondition for influence on behavioural modification. Conclusion: Indisputably, baseline assessment of behavioural components and factors influencing behaviour are important to increase the therapeutic efficacy of personalized dietetic interventions.
Pathophysiological changes associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy; Sleep is a complex and active physiological process that if disrupted, can result in adverse outcomes both within and outside of pregnancy. Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 10–32% of pregnancies. Substantial physiological changes occur during pregnancy that impact on maternal sleep, which typically deteriorates with advancing gestation. Pregnancy challenges maternal homeostatic regulation of many systems which effect maternal sleep, including the respiratory, cardiovascular, endocrine, and immune systems. SDB can result from varying degrees of airway compromise and potentially cause systemic hypoxia. The hypoxia may be acute, intermittent or chronic in nature with complications dependant on the duration and the gestation at which the insult occurs. It is unlikely that this effect is mediated by a singular mechanistic pathway but results from a complex cascade of events across multiple maternal organ systems. Regardless of the etiology, both SDB and supine sleep position are associated with a variety of obstetric and perinatal complications including, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiomyopathy, heart failure, fetal growth restriction, poor neonatal condition at birth, stillbirth and neuro-psychiatric problems in offspring. Both maternal sleep position and sleep disordered breathing are potentially modifiable or treatable factors that if addressed have the potential to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. This narrative review summarizes the maternal and placental pathophysiological aberrations associated with sleep disordered breathing and supine sleep position in pregnancy.
Association between reproductive factors and carotid atherosclerosis in post-menopausal women; Objectives: Assessment of cardiovascular risk in women is specific and hormonal factors should be considered to avoid its underestimation. So far, studies on this issue are lacking and the impact of reproductive factors on cardiovascular risk has yet to be determined. We study the association between reproductive factors and carotid atherosclerosis, a non-invasive marker of cardiovascular diseases, in post-menopause. Study design: In this cross-sectional study, data were analyzed from post-menopausal women with at least one cardiovascular risk factor followed through a dedicated healthcare pathway at the Lille University Hospital between January 1st, 2013 and December 31st, 2016. Main outcome and measures: The primary outcome was the presence of plaque or stenosis at carotid ultrasound. Results: We included 370 post-menopausal women with a mean age of 63.4 ± 0.5 years. Carotid atherosclerosis was found in 161 (43,3%) women. Women with 3 or more children had higher odds of having carotid atherosclerosis than women with fewer than 3 children after adjustment for age, OR 1,69 [CI 95% 1,09–2,61], p = 0,019, and after further adjustment for anthropometric measures, traditional cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy-related complications: OR 1,65 [CI 95% 1,05–2,62], p = 0,031. No other reproductive factor was significantly associated with carotid atherosclerosis. Conclusions: A higher parity was associated with higher odds of carotid atherosclerosis independently of age, traditional risk factors, anthropometric measures and gestational diseases among post-menopausal women at risk of cardiovascular diseases. This suggests the importance of considering the number of children when assessing cardiovascular risk in women.
Macronutrient composition in human milk from mothers of preterm and term neonates is highly variable during the lactation period; Objective: To investigate the macronutrient content of human milk during the first 28 days of lactation of mothers who delivered preterm infants, and to compare preterm to term milk. Methods: A prospective and longitudinal study of mothers at various stages of lactation was conducted in the Amiens-Picardie University Hospital (France). Fat, true protein, carbohydrate and energy contents were estimated in human milk collected from each participant. Results: Macronutrients in human milk were: fat (g/100 mL), 3.36±1.01; true protein (g/100 mL), 1.34±0.61; carbohydrate (g/100 mL), 7.23±0.68; energy (kcal/100 mL), 72.97±9.21 for extremely preterm human milk; fat (g/100 mL), 3.47±1.14; true protein (g/100 mL) 1.32±0.63; carbohydrate g/100 mL), 7.28±1.10; energy (kcal/100 mL), 76.18±12.84 for very preterm human milk; fat (g/100 mL), 3.48±0.87; true protein (g/100 mL), 1.26±0.46; carbohydrate (g/100 mL), 7.36±0.47; energy (kcal/100 mL), 76.47±8.21 for moderate preterm human milk; fat (g/mL), 3.48±1.57; true protein (g/100 mL), 1.23±1.03; carbohydrate (g/100 mL), 7.36±0.63; energy (kcal/100 mL), 76.56±13.57 for term human milk. Conclusion: Marked variations in macronutrient contents were observed between preterm and term human milk. The macronutrient score of extremely and moderate preterm human milk versus term human milk was significant, p=0.0001.
Osteoprotegerin and RANKL serum concentrations in neonates of mothers with early-onset pre-eclampsia: comparison with neonates of normotensive mothers; Background: Pre-eclampsia is a known risk factor for long-term cardiovascular complications. Osteoprotegerin (OPG) and the receptor activator of nuclear factor κB ligand (RANKL) have been implicated in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease. The OPG-RANKL axis function is also altered in pregnant women with pre-eclampsia, but there is lack of data regarding OPG and RANKL concentrations in their neonates. Aims: To examine the effects of early-onset pre-eclampsia on OPG and RANKL serum concentrations at birth, taking into account the influence of various perinatal factors. Study design: OPG and RANKL serum concentrations were measured in 28 premature newborns of mothers with early onset pre-eclampsia, and in 28 preterm and 28 full-term neonates of normotensive mothers (control groups). Results: Neonates of pre-eclamptic mothers had higher OPG and lower RANKL levels compared to both control groups (Kruskal-Wallis P < 0.0001 and P = 0.014, respectively). Regression analysis showed that pre-eclampsia (P < 0.0001), birth weight z-score (P = 0.048) and antenatal steroid administration (P = 0.034) were significant determinants of OPG levels. Multivariable regression analysis also showed that pre-eclampsia was an independent predictor of increased diastolic and mean blood pressure in these neonates. Conclusions: Early-onset pre-eclampsia affects OPG concentrations at birth and is an independent predictor of increased blood pressure in the offspring. Our findings suggest that altered OPG-RANKL axis function may be one of the mechanisms of cardiovascular ‘programming’ in fetuses exposed to pre-eclampsia.
Patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants born at 23–24 weeks' gestation: Should we pay more attention?; Background: Infants born at 23–24 weeks' gestation have the highest risk of developing a hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA), that is refractory to pharmacological closure requiring surgical ligation. Thus, these patients might have the greatest benefits from hsPDA closure, although previous studies on PDA closure were not focused on this population. Aim: To compare the occurrence of hsPDA, failure rate of the first course of ibuprofen in closing hsPDA, and need of surgical closure in infants born at 23+0–24+6 weeks' gestation to those in infants born at 25+0–28+6 weeks' gestation. Study design: This is a retrospective multicenter study including infants born at 23+0–28+6 weeks of gestation admitted to the neonatal care units from January 2013 to December 2017. All infants underwent echocardiographical assessment for hsPDA diagnosis and eventually pharmacological treatment, and surgical closure. Results: We studied a total of 842 infants of which 562 (67%) developed a PDA. Among those with PDA, 511 (91%) received a pharmacological treatment for a hsPDA. We found that a hsPDA occurred in 70% (106/151) of infants born at 23–24 weeks and in 59% (405/691) of infants born at 25–28 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). Failure of closure with the first-treatment cycle (69 vs. 40%; P < 0.001) and need of surgical closure (19 vs 10%) were more frequent (P < 0.011) in infants born at 23–24 than 25–28 gestational weeks. Paracetamol vs. ibuprofen treatment and gestational age of 23–24 versus 25–28 weeks increased closure failure, while less severe RDS and maternal clinical chorioamnionitis decreased it. Conclusions: Among extremely preterm infants, infants born at 23–24 weeks of gestation have the highest risk of developing a hsPDA refractory to pharmacological treatment requiring surgical closure. Our findings support the need of individualized more careful strategies for hsPDA management in this special population.
Developmental Programming of Body Composition: Update on Evidence and Mechanisms; Purpose of Review: A growing body of epidemiological and experimental data indicate that nutritional or environmental stressors during early development can induce long-term adaptations that increase risk of obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and other chronic conditions—a phenomenon termed “developmental programming.” A common phenotype in humans and animal models is altered body composition, with reduced muscle and bone mass, and increased fat mass. In this review, we summarize the recent literature linking prenatal factors to future body composition and explore contributing mechanisms. Recent Findings: Many prenatal exposures, including intrauterine growth restriction, extremes of birth weight, maternal obesity, and maternal diabetes, are associated with increased fat mass, reduced muscle mass, and decreased bone density, with effects reported throughout infancy and childhood, and persisting into middle age. Mechanisms and mediators include maternal diet, breastmilk composition, metabolites, appetite regulation, genetic and epigenetic influences, stem cell commitment and function, and mitochondrial metabolism. Summary: Differences in body composition are a common phenotype following disruptions to the prenatal environment, and may contribute to developmental programming of obesity and diabetes risk.
The burden of diabetes and use of diabetes care in humanitarian crises in low-income and middle-income countries; Human suffering as a result of natural disasters or conflict includes death and disability from non-communicable diseases, including diabetes, which have largely been neglected in humanitarian crises. The objectives of this Series paper were to examine the evidence on the burden of diabetes, use of health services, and access to care for people with diabetes among populations affected by humanitarian crises in low-income and middle-income countries, and to identify research gaps for future studies. We reviewed the scientific literature on this topic published between 1992 and 2018. The results emphasise that the burden of diabetes in humanitarian settings is not being captured, clinical guidance is insufficient, and diabetes is not being adequately addressed. Crisis-affected populations with diabetes face enormous constraints accessing care, mainly because of high medical costs. Further research is needed to characterise the epidemiology of diabetes in humanitarian settings and to develop simplified, cost-effective models of care to improve the delivery of diabetes care during humanitarian crises.
Dietary inflammatory index and non-communicable disease risk: A narrative review; There are over 1,000,000 publications on diet and health and over 480,000 references on inflammation in the National Library of Medicine database. In addition, there have now been over 30,000 peer-reviewed articles published on the relationship between diet, inflammation, and health outcomes. Based on this voluminous literature, it is now recognized that low-grade, chronic systemic inflammation is associated with most non-communicable diseases (NCDs), including diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, cancers, respiratory and musculoskeletal disorders, as well as impaired neurodevelopment and adverse mental health outcomes. Dietary components modulate inflammatory status. In recent years, the Dietary Inflammatory Index (DII®), a literature-derived dietary index, was developed to characterize the inflammatory potential of habitual diet. Subsequently, a large and rapidly growing body of research investigating associations between dietary inflammatory potential, determined by the DII, and risk of a wide range of NCDs has emerged. In this narrative review, we examine the current state of the science regarding relationships between the DII and cancer, cardiometabolic, respiratory and musculoskeletal diseases, neurodevelopment, and adverse mental health outcomes. We synthesize the findings from recent studies, discuss potential underlying mechanisms, and look to the future regarding novel applications of the adult and children’s DII (C-DII) scores and new avenues of investigation in this field of nutritional research.
Risk Factors For Impaired Fasting Glucose In Greek Nonobese Adolescents; Background and Aims: Impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in adolescents is often associated with obesity, family history of diabetes, and maternal/gestational diabetes. We aimed to assess possible risk factors for IFG in Greek nonobese adolescents, without known family history of diabetes/gestational diabetes. Methods: We examined 100 adolescents (50 boys/50 girls, 15.9±0.3 years), 40 hospitalized for minor problems. BMI was 21.5±1.6Kg/m2. IFG was defined by the Hellenic Diabetes Association guidelines (fasting glucose 100-125mg/dl). Demographic, clinical characteristics, smoking, and dietary habits were assessed. Results: IFG was diagnosed in 49 adolescents (median fasting glucose 115mg/dl vs. 81mg/dl in normoglycemic adolescents). IFG was positively associated with urban living (P=0.02), night-school (P=0.006), anxiety assessed by Hamilton anxiety scale (P<0.001), smoking (P=0.02), smoking severity (pack/years) (P<0.001), skipping breakfast (P=0.01), everyday consumption of white bread (P=0.03), consumption of red meat (>2 times/week) (P=0.03), fast-food (P<0.001), and sweets (P<0.001). IFG was negatively associated with rural living (P=0.02), living with elderly relatives (P<0.001), consumption of home-made food (P<0.001), white meat (P=0.01), yellow cheese (P=0.003), cornflakes (P<0.001), and milk (P=0.01). Multivariate regression analysis, after adjustment for age, and gender determined as significant and independent risk factors for IFG: urban living (beta=1.52, P=0.02), smoking (beta=1.98, P=0.03), skipping breakfast (beta=1.10, P=0.002), fast-food (beta=1.48, P<0.001), consumption of red meat (beta=1.72, P=0.01), white bread (beta=1.87, P=0.003), and sweets (beta=1.66, P=0.02), These factors explained 53% of IFG in the studied adolescents. Conclusions: Stress among hospitalized adolescents increases prevalence of IFG. Living conditions, smoking, and dietary habits potentially play a significant role in the development of dysglycemia in nonobese adolescents.
Relationship Between Everyday Activity And Prediabetes In Nonobese Adolescents; Background and Aims: Physical inactivity is a major risk factor for prediabetes in overweight, and obese adolescents. We studied everyday activity and sedentary behavior as a potential risk factor for prediabetes in nonobese adolescents, without known family history of diabetes or gestational diabetes. Methods: We examined 49 adolescents with prediabetes and 51 adolescents without prediabetes (50 boys/50 girls, median age 15.9±0.3 years). BMI was 20.9±1.5Kg/m2 (girls) and 21.2±1.7Kg/m2 (boys). Prediabetes was diagnosed according to the guidelines of the Hellenic Diabetes Association (fasting glucose 100-125mg/dl). Questionnaires were designed and everyday activity, leisure time, and physical exercise were recorded, along with demographic and clinical characteristics. Results: Prediabetes was positively and significantly associated with study hours (3-5 hours/day) (P<0.001), tutorial hours (>10 hours/week) (P<0.001), television watching (3-5 hours/day) (P<0.001), and cellphone use (6-10 hours/day) (P=0.04). Prediabetes was negatively and significantly associated with hours of exercise training (3-5 hours/week) (P=0.003), walking (P=0.02), gym practice (P=0.02), track training (P<0.001), swimming (P=0.02), ballet dancing (P=0.02), listening to music (P=0.01), less television watching (1-2 hours/day) (P<0.001), sleeping hours (>8 hours/day) (P=0.01), and learning a musical instrument (P=0.001). Multivariate linear regression analysis demonstrated as significant and independent risk factors for prediabetes the hours of exercise training (beta=0.44, P=0.006), television watching (beta=1.73, P=0.005), study hours (beta=1.48, P=0.001), everyday cellphone use (beta=1.11, P=0.003), and sleeping hours (beta=0.16, P=0.05). These factors explained 51% of prediabetes in the studied adolescents. Conclusions: Physical inactivity, lack of sleep, extra study hours, and television watching, as well as cellphone addiction play an important role for development of prediabetes in nonobese adolescents.
Women's and healthcare providers’ perceptions of long-term complications associated with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy: a qualitative study; Objectives: A diagnosis of hypertensive disorders during pregnancy (HDPs) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is highly predictive of women at increased risk of developing chronic hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. This study investigates perceptions of women and healthcare providers in rural India regarding these long-term risks. Design: Qualitative study using modified grounded theory. Setting: Two states in rural India: Haryana and Andhra Pradesh. Population: Pregnant and postpartum women, community health workers (CHWs), primary care physicians, obstetricians, laboratory technicians, and healthcare officials. Methods: In-depth interviews and focus group discussions explored: (1) priorities for high-risk pregnant women; (2) detection and management of HDPs and GDM; (3) postpartum management, and (4) knowledge of long-term sequelae of high-risk conditions. A thematic analysis was undertaken. Results: Seven focus group discussions and 11 in-depth interviews (n = 71 participants) were performed. The key priority area for high-risk pregnant women was anaemia. Blood pressure measurement was routinely embedded in antenatal care; however, postpartum follow up and knowledge of the long-term complications were limited. GDM was not considered a common problem, although significant variations and challenges to GDM screening were identified. Knowledge of the long-term sequelae of GDM with regard to an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among doctors was minimal. Conclusions: There is a need for improved education, standardisation of testing and postpartum follow up of HDPs and GDM in rural Indian settings. Tweetable abstract: Improved education and postpartum care of women with hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy in rural India are needed to prevent long-term risks.
Paternal diabetes programs metabolic disorders in the placenta and the fetus; Objectives: Maternal diabetes programs metabolic and cardiovascular disorders and diabetes in the adult offspring. Paternal exposure to diabetes can also result in the development of such disorders in the offspring. The aim was to study the paternal and fetal metabolic parameters, and the lipid content and lipoperoxidation in the placenta and fetal heart of healthy pregnant rats that were mated with male diabetic rats. Methods: Control and type 2 diabetic male rats (diabetes obtained by intrauterine programming, glycemia: 140-190 mg/dL) were mated with control female rats. On day 21 of gestation, the pregnant and male rats were euthanized and the fetal and paternal plasma, the placenta, the fetuses and fetal hearts were obtained. Triglyceridemia and cholesterolemia were measured in paternal and fetal plasma by commercial kits. Lipid levels (by TLC) and lipoperoxidation (by quantification of TBARS), were measured in placenta and fetal hearts from control (CP) and diabetic (DP) paternal groups. Results: Triglyceridemia and cholesterolemia were increased in paternal plasma (39% and 21%, respectively, p<0.05) and in fetal plasma of the DP group (10% and 18%, respectively, p<0.05). Placental and fetal heart weight was similar in both groups, but fetal weight was increased in the DP group (15%, p<0.05). The levels of free fatty acids were increased in the placenta (46%, p<0.05) and triglycerides, cholesterol and free fatty acids were decreased in the fetal heart (36%, 27% and 31%, respectively, p<0.05) of the DP group. TBARS levels were increased in the placenta (38%, p<0.05) and reduced in the fetal heart (20%, p<0.05) of the DP group. Conclusion: Paternal diabetes influences the metabolic status of the placenta and the fetus, which has a differential impact in the lipid accretion in the placenta and the fetal heart and may lead to adverse consequences in the adult offspring.
American College of Epidemiology Annual Meeting; The proceedings contains 49 papers. The topics discussed include: Exploring uniformity of gestational diabetes screening and diagnosis using real-world electronic health record data;The impact of missing toxicology reports on overdose death surveillance: 2010-2016;Risk of viral gastroenteritis associated with continuous use of proton pump inhibitors: a matched retrospective cohort study based on prospectively collected drug dispensing data;Measures of lower body function as predictors of mortality among Mexican Americans aged 75 and older;Association among sleep duration with nap and stroke stratified by self-health status among Aging-Chinese health and retirement longitudinal study;The association of ethnicity and Hispanic acculturation status with advance directive completion among older patients in an integrated health system;Trends in pediatric cancer mortality and survival in the United States;Adherence to Children’s Oncology Group Long-Term Follow-up Guidelines among high-risk adolescent and young adult cancer survivors;T-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia immunophenotype predicts the survival disadvantage of black children with ALL;Stage of diagnosis and mortality among non-alcoholic fatty liver disease liver cancer patients: revision;Derivation of anthropometric-based equations to predict lean body mass composition of cancer patients;Breast biopsy patterns and findings among older women undergoing screening mammography: what is the impact of age and comorbidity?;Socioeconomic differences in depression among breast cancer survivors;Race/ethnic disparities in depression occurrence in a diverse cohort of breast cancer survivors;Diabetes prevalence among U.S. adults with disabilities: National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 2013-2016;Urinary phthalates and metabolic syndrome in U.S adults (NHANES 2005-2014): examining potential differences by sex and race;Oral health service use among U.S. adults aged 18 to 64 years by disability status and state Medicaid expansion status
Pregnancy Outcomes in Women with Spinal Cord Injuries: A Population-Based Study; Background: Pregnant women with congenital or acquired spinal cord injury face challenges due to compromised neurologic function and mobility, factors that may also affect fetal/infant health. Few studies have examined pregnancy course and longer-term outcomes in this population. Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among women with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida using population-based data. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Washington state linked birth-hospital discharge records. Participants: All women (N = 529) with spinal cord injury, paralysis, or spina bifida with singleton live birth deliveries 1987-2012, and a comparison group of women without disabilities (N = 5282). Methods: Diagnosis codes were screened to identify cases and a 10:1 random sample of comparison women. Relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated overall and separately for each condition using multivariable regression. Subsequent hospitalizations or death were identified via linkage to hospital discharge/death records for 2 years after delivery. Main Outcome Measurements: Pregnancy course (weight gain, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, infection, venous thromboembolism), delivery/labor characteristics, infant characteristics (birthweight/size, gestational age), and longer-term outcomes (occurrence/reasons for maternal/infant rehospitalization, mortality). Results: Women with these spinal conditions had increased adjusted risks of prenatal urinary tract infection/pyelonephritis (RR 26.43, 95% CI 13.97-49.99), venous thromboembolism (RR 9.16, 95% CI 2.17-38.60), preterm rupture of membranes (RR 2.15, 95% CI 1.18-3.90), and cesarean delivery (RR 1.88, 95% CI 1.70-2.09). They had longer hospitalizations and increased rehospitalization (RR 1.54, 95% CI 1.28-1.87), including for postpartum depression (RR 8.15, 4.29-15.48) or injury (RR 13.05, 95% CI 6.60-25.81). Their infants were more often small for gestational age (RR 1.65, 95% CI 1.33-2.06), but had no increased risk of rehospitalization or death. Conclusions: We observed no increased long-term morbidity among infants of women with these conditions. Possible increased maternal morbidities during the first postpartum years indicate areas for intervention. Level of Evidence: III.
Exploring associations of maternal sleep during periconceptional period with congenital heart disease in offspring; Background: In general, the existing evidence points to a role for maternal sleep in pregnancy complications and fetal growth, however, little has been focused on birth defects. We aimed to explore the association between periconceptional poor sleep and the risk of congenital heart disease (CHD), and to examine if daytime napping could to some extent change the association. Methods: A case–control study was conducted in Shanghai Children's Medical Center, in which, a total of 524 cases (262 simple CHD vs. 262 severe CHD), along with 262 controls. Results: In the multivariable logistic analysis, poor sleep could increase the risk of both simple CHD (OR = 2.486, 95% CI = 1.619–3.818) and severe CHD (OR = 1.950, 95% CI = 1.269–2.997), while routine daytime nap could decrease risk of simple CHD (OR = 0.634, 95% CI = 0.435–0.923). In the stratified analysis, the concurrence with routine daytime nap could weaken the risk of simple CHD caused by poor sleep (OR = 3.183, 95% CI: 1.830–5.537 decreased to OR = 2.236, 95% CI: 1.200–4.165). The examinations were repeated in ventricular septal defect and tetralogy of Fallot, and the established associations can be verified. Moreover, all these findings were also similarly observed in both propensity-score-adjusted and propensity-score-matched analyses. Conclusions: Poor maternal sleep around periconceptional period seems to be an independent risk factor for CHD. The concurrence with daytime nap could to some extent reduce the risk in simple CHD. The results individually and collectively put forward the importance of maternal sleep in embryonic heart development.
Pregnancy As a Predictor of Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: The Era of CardioObstetrics; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the most common cause of mortality in women accounting for one in three deaths. There remains an under recognition of CVD as well as a lack of awareness of risk in women. Promotion of CVD prevention is essential, but the current risk assessment tools do not incorporate any sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors. There is increasing recognition of sex-specific risk factors that appear during pregnancy that are associated with CVD. These adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) include preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm birth, gestational diabetes, delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant, miscarriage, and high parity number. Although the underlying biological mechanism for these association remains to be elucidated, current international guidelines are beginning to recommend the inclusion of APOs in the assessment of CVD risk in women. This review summarizes the evidence for the association between APOs and future CVD. It also highlights the importance of considering APOs in the cardiovascular risk assessment, specifically in young women, allowing for targeted lifestyle-modifying interventions with the potential to alter their risk trajectory and improve their long-term cardiovascular health.
Major adverse cardiovascular events associated with sodium glucose cotransporters versus other antidiabetes drugs: Population-based cohort study; Background: Randomized clinical trial data suggest sodium-glucose co-transporter inhibitors (SGLT2i) reduce major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), but their effectiveness in real-world practice is poorly understood. Objectives: To study the association between SGLT2i and MACE compared to patients treated with dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors (DPP4i), or sulfonylureas (SU). Methods: We undertook a cohort study of adult patients with diabetes in British Columbia, Canada. Patients were eligible for the study if they initiated second-line therapy with an SGLT2i, DPP4i or SU between June 2014 and December 2017, having previously received metformin as first-line treatment. The metformin criterion was used to reflect normal practice. Patients were ineligible if they were less than 18 years of age, or had a record of gestational diabetes, malignancy, renal disease, human immunodeficiency virus infection, or organ transplant within a year prior to cohort entry. Our primary outcome was risk of MACE (cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, non-fatal stroke). A secondary outcome was emergency admission to hospital for any reason. SGLT2i patients were matched to DPP4i patients (cohort 1) and SU patients (cohort 2) on propensity score using nearest neighbor matching. We estimated hazard ratios (HR) using cox proportional hazards regression. Results: There were 18,534 patients eligible for analysis after all inclusion and exclusion criteria were applied. These comprised 6,360 SGLT2i users, 3,921 DPP4i users, and 8,253 SU users. After matching into 3,172 SGLT2i-DPP4i pairs, and 5,391 SGLT2i-SU pairs, 0.3% of patients on each drug experienced the primary outcome. SGLT2i exposure was not significantly associated with risk of MACE compared to DPP4i exposure (HR 0.70, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.38-1.29), or SU exposure (HR 0.74, 95% CI 0.47-1.18). However, a paucity of events prevented precise estimation of the primary outcome. For the secondary outcome, SGLT2i exposure was not associated with reduced emergency admission to hospital compared to DPP4i exposure (HR 1.03, 95% CI 0.78-1.36), but was associated with reduced emergency admission to hospital when compared to SU exposure (HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.57-0.87). Conclusions: Although a paucity of events prevented precise estimation of the primary outcome in second-line treated patients in British Columbia, observed hazard ratios for SGLT2i and MACE were comparable to those reported in randomized trials. Larger studies are needed to explore this association in a real-world setting.
Overview of metabolic complications in pregnancy including gestational diabetes GDM; Metabolic syndrome is a complex disorder that is more common nowadays and is considered as an epidemic of the 21st century. With the increasing prevalence of obesity and the metabolic syndrome, pregnant women with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia have many of the characteristics of metabolic syndrome. The main components of the metabolic syndrome are: dyslipidaemia, characterized by elevated triglycerides, abnormal low density lipoproteins (LDL cholesterol), elevated blood pressure hyperglycaemia, abdominal obesity and/or insulin resistance. As research develops, other abnormalities have been found such as pro-inflammatory state, pro-thrombotic non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and sleep apnoea. The prevalence of obesity, high levels of glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol and LDL cholesterol are increasing trends in women of child bearing years. During the course of normal pregnancy, plasma triglyceride concentrations rise by 200-400% while plasma cholesterol levels rise by 25-50%. Dyslipidaemia occurs in all pregnancies but not all women develop cardiovascular disease. Women tend to be older getting pregnant, with higher rates of obesity at conception, may have had fertility treatment and have pre-existing conditions and comorbidities. Hormones in pregnancy can contribute to women developing to gestational diabetes (GDM). It mainly presents as insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is an impairment of insulin signalling, the term insulin resistance refers to the inability of circulating insulin to maintain normal homeostasis of glucose. Higher levels of insulin are circulated in order to maintain normoglycaemia, resulting in a hyperinsulinaemia. Insulin is an important metabolic hormone, which stimulates glucose uptake in various organs, particularly muscle, adipose tissue, and the liver, and inhibits lipolysis in adipose tissue. Insulin resistance and obesity are two key elements in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they also correlate with cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension and dyslipidaemia. GDM and hypertension in pregnancy need to be diagnosed and managed effectively in pregnancy to improve health outcomes for both women and their babies. Oral Glucose Tolerance Testing is the recommended test for Gestational Diabetes using risk factor screening; national implementation is a challenge in some centres.
The pathologic changes of placenta in pregnancy with F on tan circulation; Background : Fontan circulation is the result of a series of palÂliative operations for patients with congenital heart disease, which a biventricular repair is not possible. Fontan circulation results in high central venous pressure, low cardiac output and hypoxia. Women with a Fontan circulation are known to have a high rate of miscarriage, preterm delivery and fetal growth reÂstriction (FGR). The purpose of the current study is to investiÂgate the placental pathology in patients with a Fontan circulaÂtion. Methods : Five pregnant women with Fontan circulations that delivered at our institution between 2009 and 2018 were retrospectively reviewed. The 5 placentas were analyzed histo-pathologically. Results : Maternal median Sp02was94 [range : 91-96] %, central venous pressure was 10 [9-11] mmHg. cardiac index was 2.75 [225-3.67] L/min/m2 and ejection fraction was 68 [44-72] % at pre-pregnancy. The median gestational age at delivery was 34 [30-37] weeks. Obstetric complications included gestational diabetes mellitus (n=l). preterm delivery (n=3) and FGR (n=3, all < 3rd percentile). Fetal/Placental weight ratio was small in all 5 cases of the study, which is seen commonly in cases of FGR. All placental specimens showed histological findAîngs consistent with placental hypoxia and maternal underper-fusion. There was no evidence of decidual vasculopathy, typiÂcally found in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. ConcluÂsion : Placentas with Fontan circulation exhibited placental hyÂpoxia and maternal under perfusion on histopathological analyÂsis. despite favorable baseline hemodynamic characteristics. These changes may precipitate worse pregnancy outcomes inÂcluding FGR. Further study is needed to clarify the impact of Fontan circulation on pregnancy.
Metabolomic and transcriptomic profiling of rat offspring exposed to gestational diabetes reveals altered cardiac gene expression and metabolism; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication of pregnancy. Children exposed to GDM are at an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic diseases later in life, though the mechanisms responsible are unknown. We hypothesize that fetal exposure to GDM induces alterations in cardiomyocyte metabolism and concomitant left ventricular (LV) dysfunction with age. GDM was induced in female rats with a high fat (45% kcal) and sucrose diet prior to mating, throughout pregnancy and lactation. Lean control females received a low fat (10% kcal) diet. Fetal rat ventricular cardiomyocytes (FRVC) were isolated from e20.5 offspring for U-13C glucose metabolic flux analysis and mitochondrial respiration. Serum metabolites and cardiac transcriptome profiles were measured in 3-month old offspring. LV morphology and function was assessed through the life course of the offspring (e18 to 12-months of age) by transthoracic ultrasound. Offspring exposed to GDM exhibited increased LV posterior wall thickness across their life course (fetal to 12-months of age; p<0.05) and impaired LV filling beginning at 6-months of age (p<0.05). U-13C glucose metabolic flux through glycolysis and the citric acid cycle was reduced in FRVC from GDM offspring when treated with isoproterenol, and compared to Lean FRVC. Basal and maximal mitochondrial oxygen consumption was reduced for glucose (35% and 68%) and fatty acid (49% and 52%) substrates in FRVC isolated from GDM offspring (p<0.05). In 3-month old GDM offspring, serum metabolomics revealed elevated levels of beta-hydroxybutyrate (2.4-fold, p<0.05) and reduced levels of several citric acid cycle intermediates, which also corresponded to alterations in gene expression patterns identified by RNASeq transcript analysis. Large-scale profiling revealed GDM induced alterations in the cardiac gene expression profile leading to modified serum metabolite levels in the offspring. These alterations corresponded with mitochondrial dysfunction, impaired cardiomyocyte metabolic flux and contractility, in concert with LV hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction in the rat offspring. Our findings identify several mechanisms that link early-life GDM exposure to the development of cardiovascular disease later in life.
Metabolic syndrome impairs cardiac remodeling during pregnancy in mice; Rationale: Due to the change of life style in the past decades, the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and obesity in women of childbearing age has been increased. Evidences have shown that complications during pregnancy, such as obesity and gestational diabetes, strongly link to future heart diseases. During normal pregnancy, the heart undergoes a physiological remodeling with mild ventricular dilation and hypertrophy. However, the effects of MetS on cardiac phenotype during pregnancy are not well understood. Moreover, animal models for MetS so far are not well established, which are usually species limited, gender limited and lack of translational significance. Thus, it's important to develop an animal model which resembles the etiology of MetS in human beings. Objective: Establish a model of MetS in female C57BL/6J mice and determine the effects of MetS on cardiac remodeling during pregnancy. Methods and Results: To establish a mouse model of MetS, high fat (49% kcal)/high carbohydrates (HF-HC) diet were given to C57BL/6J female mice at the age of 8-week. Mice fed with normal diet (10% kcal fat) served as control. After 14 weeks feeding, mice fed with HF-HC diet showed significantly higher body weight and gonadal fat weight compared with control mice. Moreover, mice fed with HF-HC diet showed impaired glucose tolerance and higher serum total cholesterol level. The symptoms of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance and dyslipidemia suggest the development of MetS. Female mice after 14-week special diet feeding were subjected to breeding. Cardiac function was evaluated by echocardiography during pregnancy and 1-day post-partum, then the mice were terminated 1-day post-partum. Female mice that developed MetS showed impaired cardiac function and pathological remodeling during pregnancy. Moreover, mice fed with HF-HC diet showed more myocardium interstitial fibrosis accompanied with upregulation of fibrosis related genes in the heart compared with Ctrl diet. Conclusion: We've developed a mouse model of MetS in C57BL/6J mice strain with 14 weeks feeding of HF-HC diet, which resemble the western diet that affects human beings nowadays. Females that have MetS showed impaired cardiac function and pathological remodeling during pregnancy.
Quality assessment indicators in antenatal care worldwide: a systematic review; Purpose: To describe indicators used for the assessment of antenatal care (ANC) quality worldwide under the World Health Organization (WHO) framework and based on a systematic review of the literature. Data sources: Searches were performed in MEDLINE, SciELO, BIREME and Web of Science for eligible studies published between January 2002 and September 2016. Study selection: Original articles describing women who had received ANC, any ANC model and, any ANC quality indicators were included. Data extraction: Publication date, study design and ANC process indicators were extracted. Results of data synthesis: Of the total studies included, 69 evaluated at least one type of ANC process indicator. According to WHO ANC guidelines, 8.7% of the articles reported healthy eating counseling and 52.2% iron and folic acid supplementation. The evaluation indicators on maternal and fetal interventions were: syphilis testing (55.1%), HIV testing (47.8%), gestational diabetes mellitus screening (40.6%) and ultrasound (27.5%). Essential ANC activities assessment ranged from 26.1% report of fetal heart sound, 50.7% of maternal weight and 63.8% of blood pressure. Regarding preventive measures recommended by WHO, tetanus vaccine was reported in 60.9% of the articles. Interventions performed by health services to improve use and quality of ANC care, promotion of maternal and fetal health, and the number of visits to the ANC were evaluated in 65.2% of the studies. Conclusion: Numerous ANC content indicators are being used to assess ANC quality. However, there is a need to use standardized indicators across countries and efforts to improve quality evaluation.
Association of congenital heart disease with autism: A case-control study; BACKGROUND: There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and Autism spectrum disorders (AuSD) is less well understood. Prior studies to assess an association have been limited by small sample size and questionnaire recall. OBJECTIVE: Using administrative data from the Military Health System, we sought to quantify the association between CHD and AuSD, as well as to identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD. DESIGN/METHOD: We performed a 1:3 case-control study with children born and enrolled in the US Military Health system between October 2000 and September 2013. Cases with AuSD were matched with unaffected controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrolment timeframe. International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic codes for each child were obtained and reviewed for CHD codes and associated procedures. CHDs were further subdivided according to developmental categories. Conditional logistic regression determined ORs and 95% CIs for comparative associations. RESULTS: A total of 8760 children with AuSD and 26,280 controls were included in the study. The groups were similar with respect to the matching characteristics, with males comprising 79.9% of each group. Those with AuSD were more likely to have a genetic syndrome, prematurity, maternal gestational diabetes, and younger maternal age at delivery (Table 1). After adjustment for these characteristics, there remained increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD. For any CHD, the OR was 1.45 (95% CI 1.32-1.60). This finding was largely driven by the atrial septal defect group (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.31-1.72), but it was also significant for those with left heart obstructive lesions (OR 1.66, 95% CI 1.18-2.35), ventricular septal defects (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.02-1.58), and anomalous pulmonary venous return (OR 3.09, 95% CI 1.02-9.36). (Figure 1) CONCLUSIONS: Children with CHD are at increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions at risk include atrial septal defect, left heart obstructive lesions, ventricular septal defects, and anomalous pulmonary venous return. Our findings will be useful for counseling parents and caretakers of children with CHD. (Figure Presented) .
Correlation between birth weight and left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Purpose: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are known to have numerous complications during the neonatal period, including varying degrees of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). The purpose is to assess a correlation between birth weight and maternal 3rd trimester HbA1c to the degree of LVH. Methods: A retrospective review at a tertiary university single-center for all neonates admitted to the NICU/NBN from 03/01-07/17. Inclusion criteria: maternal history of diabetes, echocardiogram (echo). LVH defined as LV mass (LVm) > 95th percentile based on gender, male (17.6 g, LVm index (LV mi) 80.1 g/m2.7) and females (16.5 g, LVmi 85.6 g/m2.7). Normal HbA1c in third trimester was set at 6.0%. Data obtained included demographics, birth weight, maternal HbA1c and echo measurements. Results: Total of 53 IDM, equal number of males, 50% (p =1.0). Gestational age range 30.5-39.4 weeks; preterm 31 (60%), term 21 (40%), (p<.001). Birth weight range 1.2-5.370 kg, SGA; 1 (2%), AGA; 23 (44%), LGA 28 (54%), (p <.001). LVm range 3.28-19.1g, LVmi range 27.9-150.24. Maternal third trimester HbA1c range 5.1-11.8%; good control 12 (29%), poor control 30 (71%) (p<0.0001). Based on gender, 1 male by LVm and 7 by LVmi; 0 female by LVm and 4 LVmi. There is a positive correlation of birth weight and LVm, R= 0.49 (p Males with LVH, insufficient data based on LVm alone, for LVmi there is a positive correlation, R= 0.158 (p= 0.73). Females with LVH, insufficient data for both LVm and LVmi. For the HBA1c group (42 infants), 1 male by LVm and 7 by LVmi; 0 female by LVm and 2 LVmi. A positive correlation of maternal HbA1c level and LVm, R=0.11 (p=0.50), and with LVmi, R=0.23 (p=0.135). Conclusion: IDM are known to have increased risk of cardiovascular problems, including LVH. From these results, this cohort is more likely to be premature and LGA and our study population is more likely to have poor control of their diabetes. The weakly positive correlations between birth weight and maternal HbA1c to and LVm in infants suggest that by focusing on poorly controlled diabetic dyads or those LGA infants alone, infants with increased risk for LVH maybe missed and not followed over time.
Application of z-score among reported normal cardiac structure on foetal echocardiography assessment; Introduction: Four chamber view in foetal echocardiography is widely used for structural and functional cardiac abnormalities screening but low detection of these anomalies may reduce its value. Objectives: To apply Z-score quantification for detection of foetal cardiac abnormalities among the reported normal foetal echocardiography. Methods: In this prospective pilot research 30 normal singleton pregnancies between 19 to 35 weeks of gestation were studied. Two-dimensional foetal echocardiography via standard eye-balling visual assessment was performed to acquire the four-chamber view, parameters assessment, and quantitative analysis of the cardiac dimensions. The Z-score were computed for right and left ventricular (RV and LV), aorta (AO), pulmonary artery (PA) diameters against menstrual age (MA) and femoral diaphysis length (FDL). The obtained Z-scores were then compared to the Z-score normogram reference range; categorizing the data within normal range or out of range. Results: In RV vs MA, three subjects with Z-score out of the predicted RV diameter range (10%). For LV vs MA, two subjects' Zscore were out of range (6.7%). For AO vs MA, one subject's Z-score was out of range (3.3%). For PA vs MA, all were within range. Otherwise all cardiac dimensions; RV, LV, AO, PA vs subjects' FDL measurements satisfied the respective predicted diameter range. There was a significant difference between left and right ventricles. There was no significant association between CHD and maternal complications (advanced maternal age, gestational diabetes mellitus, SLE and thyroid), p>0.05. Conclusions: FDL is a relatively more reliable cardiac parameter compared to MA while the use of Z-score in foetal echocardiography increases precision of evaluation and quantification for detection of foetal cardiac abnormalities.
Effect of well-controlled gestational diabetes on left ventricular diastolic dysfunction in neonates; Background: There are some evidences supporting the relation between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and diastolic dysfunction. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of well-controlled GDM on morphological and functional myocardium. Materials and methods: We designed a prospective cross-sectional study to evaluate left ventricular (LV) diastolic function of 60 neonates born from mothers with well-controlled GDM (case group) on days of 3–5 after birth. The infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) group were divided into two groups: diabetic mothers treated only with diet (class A) and group of mothers on medical therapy by insulin or metformin (class B). Traditional echocardiography and pulsed-wave Doppler (PWD), tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were performed for all the neonates. Results: The study group consisted of 60 neonates as males (M) = 32, (0.53%) and females (F) = 28, (0.46%). Using M-mode echocardiography, interventricular septum thickness (IVS), and LV mass were significantly higher in IDM than control group (p =.0001). The PWD showed both a significantly more peak mitral flow at early diastolic wave (E) and an early filling deceleration time (E-DT) (p =.0001). Tissue Doppler echocardiography parameters A′ (cm/s) (p =.0001), E′ (cm/s) (p =.002), and E′/A′ ratio (p =.0001), left ventricular myocardial performance index (LVMPI), and isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT) were outstandingly different between the two groups (p =.0001, respectively). Evaluating the GDM group mothers of class A and class B, no significant difference was noted in PWD or TDI parameters compared with the healthy ones. Conclusions: It seems that neonates of mothers with well-controlled GDM are still at increased risk of cardiac hypertrophy, subclinical diastolic dysfunction, and impaired left ventricular relaxation. This can be interpreted that focusing only on glycemic control is not enough to prevent cardiac dysfunction.
Heart rate variability categories of fluctuation amplitude and complexity: diagnostic markers of fetal development and its disturbances; OBJECTIVE: In fetal diagnosis the myriad and diversity of heart rate variability (HRV) indices prevents a comparable routine evaluation of disturbances in fetal development and well-being. The work aims at the extraction of a small set of HRV key indices that could help to establish a universal, overarching tool to screen for any disturbance. APPROACH: HRV indices were organized in categories of short-term (prefix s) and long-term (prefix l) amplitude fluctuations (AMP), complexity (COMP), and patterns (PATTERN) and common representatives for each category were extracted. This procedure was done with respect to the diagnostic value in the evaluation of the maturation age throughout the second and complete third trimester of pregnancy as well as to potential differences associated with maternal life-style factors (physical exercise, smoking), nutrient intervention (docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) supplementation), and complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR)). MAIN RESULTS: We found a comprehensive minimal set that includes [lAMP: short term variation (STV), initially introduced in cardiotocography, sAMP: heart rate increase across one interbeat interval of phase rectified averaged signal - acceleration capacity (ACst1), lCOMP: scale 4 multi-scale entropy (MSE4), PATTERN: skewness] for the maturation age prediction, and partly overlapping [lAMP: STV, sAMP: ACst1, sCOMP: Lempel Ziv complexity (LZC)] for the discrimination of the deviations. SIGNIFICANCE: The minimal set of category-based HRV representatives allows for a screening of fetal development and well-being. These results are an important step towards a universal and comparable diagnostic tool for the early identification of developmental disturbances. Novelty & Significance Fetal development and its disturbances have been reported to be associated with a multiplicity of HRV indices. Furthermore, these HRV indices change with maturation. We propose the abstraction of HRV categories defined by short- and long-term fluctuation amplitude, complexity, and pattern indices that cover all relevant aspects of maturational age, behavioral influences and a series of pathological disturbances. The study data are provided by multiple centers. Our approach is an important step towards the goal of a standardized diagnostic tool for early identification of fetal developmental disturbances with respect to the reduction of serious complications in the later life.
Diabetes distress is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes: A prospective cohort study; Background: Around 12% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is associated with increased health risks for both mother and child and pre- and postpartum depression. Little is known about the relationship of GDM with diabetes-specific emotional distress (diabetes distress). The aims of this study are to assess the prevalence of diabetes distress in GDM and its association with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: A prospective cohort study was carried out in an Amsterdam based teaching hospital with an ethnic diverse population. Women diagnosed with GDM completed a set of questionnaires at three time points. Questionnaires consisted of Problem Areas in Diabetes Scale 5 (PAID-5) for diabetes distress (T0-T1), Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9) for depressive symptoms (T0-T2), and questions to assess adverse pregnancy outcomes (T2). Adverse pregnancy outcomes (collected via self-report and if feasible from the medical records) were defined as hypertension, pre-eclampsia, caesarean section, severe perineal tearing, postpartum hemorrhage, postpartum depression, shoulder dystocia, neonatal hospitalization, macrosomia, jaundice, hypoglycemia and other (among which low heart rate, fever, hypoxia). Adverse pregnancy outcomes were dichotomized into none and 1 or more. Additional information was collected from the medical charts. Missing data were imputed via predictive mean matching and a multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed with diabetes distress, depressive symptoms, socioeconomic status, parity and ethnicity as predictors and age, HbA1c, and BMI as covariates. Results: A total of 100 women were included, mean age 32.5 (4.1), mean BMI 26.7 (4.8), 71% were of non-Dutch ethnic background. Elevated diabetes distress (PAID score ≥ 8) was reported by 36% of the women. Multivariable logistic regression analyses revealed that both high diabetes distress (OR 4.70, p =.02) and parity (OR 0.21, p =.02) but not antepartum depressive symptoms were related to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions: Diabetes distress is likely in women with GDM and our findings suggest an association between both diabetes distress, parity and adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. This warrants replication and further research into the underlying mechanisms explaining the impact of diabetes distress in GDM and potential interventions to reduce distress.
Women-specific predictors of cardiovascular disease risk - new paradigms; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted CVD mortality in the past few years. Although traditional risk factors for CVD are predictors of increased risk in both men and women, risk factors that are unique to women and related to their reproductive history have recently been considered to be important. The development of CVD in women may correlate with specific events taking place throughout a woman's obstetric and gynaecological history. Gynaecological conditions such as polycystic ovary syndrome, premature ovarian failure, surgical and spontaneous menopause, and conditions related to pregnancy, i.e. gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, miscarriages, and preterm birth, may affect the onset, clinical features, and prognosis of CVD later in women's lives. These pathological conditions that develop during the fertile period of life or peri-menopause have been suggested to be early markers of future CVD; their presence presents a unique opportunity for the early identification of women who may be at an increased risk of CVD. The assessment of CV risk in women should not just focus on conventional risk factors but also on different aspects of the gynaecological history to allow specific preventive and therapeutic strategies to be established. This paper reviews the various pathological conditions occurring in women during their fertile period of life and peri-menopause, which have been identified to potentially increase CVD risk.
Glucose Metabolism Abnormalities in Heart Failure Patients: Insights and Prognostic Relevance; Heart failure is a clinical syndrome characterized by left ventricular dysfunction and/or elevated intracardiac pressures, with a prevalence of about 1% to 2% in the general population. In the last decades, many metabolic disorders have been studied as linked with heart failure. Diabetes mellitus and insulin resistance are strictly related to heart failure, with a bidirectional link, where each can influence the other. The aim of this article is to report the role of glucose metabolism abnormalities in the development of heart failure, defining the epidemiology and assessing pathophysiology and prognosis of heart failure related to glucose metabolism disorders.
General spontaneous movements in preterm infants differentiated by post-conceptional ages; Aim: The aim of the study was to assess general spontaneous motor development in the neonatal phase in groups of neonatal high-risk preterm infants who were differentiated by post-conceptional (PCo) age until term age. Method: The sample included 54 preterm infants (<32 weeks of gestational age) with low birthweight and neurological injuries of both sexes. The General Movements Assessment (GMA) was used to evaluate motor development from 30 to 40 weeks of PCo age, using the General Movements Optimality Score (GMOS). Between-group and within-group comparisons were performed. Results: Significant differences in GMOS scores and the upper extremities score, specifically in the neck and trunk, were found between 30 and 33 weeks, 34 and 36 weeks, and 38 and 40 weeks of PCo age. Preterm infants had gradually higher GMOSs from 30 weeks of PCo age to term age (38–40 weeks of PCo age). No significant differences in general movements were found between 30 and 33 and 34 and 36 weeks of PCo age. Conclusion: The preterm infants presented poor spontaneous motor movements, assessed by the GMOS, but gradual improvement was observed from 30 weeks of PCo age until term age.
Sublingual misoprostol versus foley catheter for cervical ripening in women with preeclampsia or gestational hypertension: A randomized control trial; Background: Delivery is the only definite cure for hypertensive disorders. Therefore, cervical ripening and labor induction are important to achieve favorable outcomes. Objective: This Randomized Control Trial (RCT) is aimed to compare the effects of sublingual misoprostol and Foley catheter in cervical ripening and labor induction among patients with preeclampsia or gestational hypertension. Materials and Methods: A total number of 144 women with preeclampsia or gestational hypertention with indication of pregnancy termination, who were referred to academic hospitals of the University of Medical Sciences in Mashhad, Iran, between March 2015 and December 2016, were randomly divided into two groups. In group one (n = 72), 25 µg of misoprostol tablet was administrated sublingually every 4 hr up to six doses. In group two (n = 72), a 16F Foley catheter was placed through the internal cervical os, inflated with 60 cc of sterile saline. Results: There were no significant differences between groups regarding the demographic characteristics, primary bishop score, and pregnancy termination indication. The cervical ripening time (primary outcome) (8.2 vs 14.2 hr, p < 0.00), induction to delivery interval (15.5 vs 19.9 hr, p < 0.00), and vaginal delivery before 24 hr (63.9% vs 40%, p = 0.03) were significantly different between the two groups. There was no significant difference between groups in view of oxytocin requirement (p = 0.12), neonatal Apgar score (p = 0.84), or neonatal intensive care unit admission (p = 78). Conclusion: This trial showed that the application of sublingual misoprostol, compared to the Foley catheter, can reduce cervical ripening period and other parameters related to the duration of vaginal delivery. This misoprostol regimen showed inconsiderable maternal complications.
Epidemiology of limb reduction defects as registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, 1970-2016: Population based study; Background Following the Thalidomide disaster, the Medical Birth Registry of Norway (MBRN) was established in 1967, with epidemiological surveillance of congenital anomalies as one main aim. Limb reduction defects (LRD) constitute a rare and heterogeneous anomaly group, where correct registration and classification is important for surveillance and research. We aimed at reviewing and recoding LRD cases in the MBRN using the same classification system for all years, and evaluate time trends, characteristics and risk factors, 1970–2016. Methods After reviewing and recoding LRD cases using International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 10th version, for all years, time trends, association with major anomalies, risk factors and infant outcomes were calculated. Generalized linear models for the binomial family with log link gave relative risks (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Classification of LRD as suggested by European surveillance of congenital anomalies (EUROCAT) was attempted. Results Overall LRD prevalence, 1970–2016, was 4.4 per 10 000, slightly increasing during 1970–1981, followed by relatively stable rates. There were more defects in upper than lower limbs. Defects in hands/fingers were most common, but unspecific descriptions prevented classification of LRD according to EUROCAT. A majority of cases had associated anomalies, the most common being other limb defects, followed by cardiac defects and anomalies in the nervous and digestive systems. From 1999, 26% of LRD cases were terminated, more than 90% of these had associated major anomalies. Stillbirth, neonatal and infant mortality were higher among infants with LRD, also related to associated anomalies. Pre-gestational diabetes was associated with a more than three times increased risk of offspring total LRD, while no association with maternal epilepsy was found. Taking folate/multivitamin supplements before and/or during pregnancy was associated with lower risk of offspring LRD (adjusted RR 0.7; 95% CI 0.6–0.9), while daily smoking did not significantly increase the risk. Conclusion The MBRN now has information on LRD coded by ICD-10 from 1970, but information is not specific enough to use other recommended classification systems. Collecting radiographic descriptions and/or more details from hospital records would improve the quality of the registry data. Taking folate supplements before/during pregnancy may reduce the risk of offspring LRD.
Unplanned pregnancies of women with chronic health conditions in New Zealand; AIM: Chronic health conditions can pose risks for pregnancy and childbearing which may be mitigated by preconception care and pregnancy planning. The objective of this study is to identify the proportion of pregnancies reported as unplanned among women in New Zealand with chronic health conditions and the co-occurrence of these pregnancies with socioeconomc disadvantage.METHOD: This study included 6,822 pregnant women in the Growing Up in New Zealand study. Nearly 15% identified a chronic health condition, including diabetes, heart disease, asthma, depression and anxiety.RESULTS: Pregnancies were reported as unplanned by 45% of women with chronic health conditions, as compared to 39% of women without these conditions. Among women with chronic conditions, those who identified as Māori or Pacific Islander reported two-thirds of their pregnancies as unplanned, and those who were younger, had less education, were lower-income or did not have a co-resident partner reported between 50–80% of their pregnancies as unplanned.CONCLUSION: Obstetricians and midwives in New Zealand should be prepared to provide care for women with chronic conditions who may have surprise pregnancies. Comprehensive family planning services, preconception care and systemwide reduction in health inequities are needed to help women with chronic health conditions enter pregnancy as healthy as possible.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: The impact of carbohydrate quality in diet; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as “glucose intolerance that is first diagnosed during pregnancy”. Mothers with GDM and their infants may experience both short and long term complications. Dietary intervention is the first therapeutic strategy. If good glycaemic control is not achieved, insulin therapy is recommended. There is no consensus on which nutritional approach should be used in GDM. In the last few years, there has been growing evidence of the benefits of a low glycaemic index (LGI) diet on diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The effect of a LGI diet on GDM incidence has been investigated as well. Several studies observed a lower incidence of GDM in LGI diet arms, without adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. The main positive effect of the LGI diet was the reduction of 2-h post-prandial glucose (PPG). Several studies have also evaluated the effect of the LGI diet in GDM treatment. Overall, the LGI diet might have beneficial effects on certain outcomes, such as 2-h PPG, fasting plasma glucose and lipid profile in patients with GDM. Indeed, most studies observed a significant reduction in insulin requirement. Overall, according to current evidence, the LGI nutritional approach is safe and it might therefore be considered in clinical care for GDM.
The effects of a low gi diet on cardiometabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 and gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing globally, and its effect on patients and the healthcare system can be significant. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes are well established risk factors for cardiovascular disease, and strategies for managing these conditions include dietary interventions, such as the use of a low glycemic index (GI) diet. Aims: This review aimed to evaluate the effects of a low GI diet on the cardio-metabolic and inflammatory parameters in patients with type 2 diabetes and women with GDM and assess whether the effects are different in these conditions. Methods: This review was based on the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Three databases (EMBASE, Pubmed, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception to 20 February 2019 using search terms that included synonyms and Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) in line with the population, intervention, comparator, outcomes, and studies (PICOS) framework. Studies were evaluated for the quality and risk of bias. Results: 10 randomised controlled studies were included in the systematic review, while 9 were selected for the meta-analysis. Two distinct areas were identified: the effect of a low GI diet on lipid profile and the effect of a low GI diet on inflammatory parameters. The results of the metaanalysis showed that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets with respect to total cholesterol, HDL, and LDL cholesterol in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, there was a significant difference (p = 0.027) with respect to triglyceride which increased by a mean of 0.06 mmol/L (0.01, 0.11) in patients with type 2 diabetes on higher GI diet. With respect to the women with GDM, the findings from the systematic review were not consistent in terms of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile. The results of the meta-analysis did not show significant differences (p > 0.05) between low GI and higher GI diets with respect to adiponectin and C-reactive proteins in patients with type 2 diabetes, but a significant difference (p < 0.001) was observed between the two groups in relation to interleukin–6. Conclusion: This systematic review and meta-analysis have demonstrated that there were no significant differences (p > 0.05) between the low GI and higher GI diets in relation to total cholesterol–HDL and LDL cholesterol–in patients with type 2 diabetes. However, a significant difference (p < 0.05) was observed between the two groups with respect to triglyceride in patients with type 2 diabetes. The results of the effect of a low GI diet on the lipid profile in patients with GDM were not consistent. With respect to the inflammatory parameters, the low GI diet significantly decreased interleukin–6 in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to the higher GI diet. More studies are needed in this area of research.
Middle interhemispheric variant of holoprosencephaly; A preterm baby girl born at 33 weeks’ gestation to a mother with maternal diabetes and a history of perinatal cocaine-use was diagnosed prenatally with midline interhemispheric variant (MIHV) of holoprosencephaly via ultrasonography and fetal MRI at 19 weeks’ gestation. At birth, the patient exhibited a prominent forehead, hypotelorism, a short upturned nose, and short palpebral fissures. While she exhibited difficulty feeding, the remainder of her neurological examination was normal.
Indications of fetal echocardiography and detection of congenital heart disease prenatally in tertiary care hospital; Background Congenital Heart Diseases are common childhood congenital anomalies encountered in developed and developing countries. Due to the improved prenatal diagnostic modalities, the diagnosis of cardiac disease is increasing in newborns. Fetal echocardiography is considered a good and accurate diagnostic method for congenital heart disease. Objective To study the common indications of fetal echocardiography and the detection of congenital heart disease in Dhulikhel Hospital, Kathmandu University Hospital. Method In this hospital-based, retrospective study, we reviewed medical records of 324 fetuses who were indicated for fetal echocardiography at Dhulikhel Hospital over 24 months period of time (September 1, 2017 to August 31, 2019). Result The mean age of pregnant women at presentation for fetal echocardiography was 30.7 ± 4.7 years. The mean gestational age at diagnosis was 28.9 ± 4.9 weeks. Among all the pregnant women, 208 (65%) presented during the second trimester and 112 (35%) presented during the third trimester. Maternal indications for fetal echocardiography were seen in48.12% cases, whereas fetal indications were seen in 42.81% cases. The most common indication was for maternal gestational diabetes (30.31%). Among the 324fetal echocardiography results, 65.43% cases had normal findings, echogenic intra-cardiac foci were seen in 18.82% and significant abnormal findings were seen in 15.74% of cases. Among all women having maternal indication for echocardiography, 34 (22.07%) fetus had some form of abnormal findings, whereas only 17 (12.40%) fetus with fetal indication showed abnormal findings (p < 0.05). Conclusion Indication of fetal echocardiography is increasing and can be a good diagnostic tool to improve prognosis and outcome of a newborn. It has become widely used in pediatric cardiology. Raising awareness is necessary regarding the importance of fetal echocardiography in the management and outcome of a newborn with cardiac anomalies.
Erratum: Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study (PLoS Medicine (2018) 15:1 (e1002488) DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.1002488); The authors misinterpreted a result within Reference 35 (Fadl et al) and therefore reported it incorrectly in the text of their article. The sentence that includes the reference, the sixth sentence within the second paragraph of the Discussion section, should read: “In addition, a large Swedish case-control study also utilizing hospital records reported an association between cardiovascular events [OR = 1.51; 95% CI 1.07-214] and women previously diagnosed with GDM [35].
Trial of labor after cesarean section in risk pregnancies: A population-based cohort study; Introduction: In most pregnancies after a cesarean section, a trial of labor is an option. The objective of the study was to explore trial of labor and its failure in pregnancies with medical risk conditions, in a population with a high trial of labor rate. Material and methods: In a cohort study (n = 57 109), using data from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway 1989-2014, women with a second delivery after a first pregnancy cesarean section were included. Preterm, multiple, and non-cephalic deliveries were excluded. The outcomes were trial of labor and failed trial of labor, assessed as rates and relative risk, using deliveries without risk conditions as reference. Temporal trends were assessed by 3-year periods. The exposures were selected medical risk conditions, ie previous offspring death, labor dystocia, diabetes, heart conditions, chronic hypertension, chronic kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, thyroid disease, asthma, prepregnancy psychiatric conditions, epilepsy, obesity, gestational diabetes, eclampsia and preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, major malformations, second-pregnancy psychiatric conditions, assisted reproduction, macrosomia, and small-for-gestational-age neonates. Induced onset of labor was compared with spontaneous onset of labor for each condition studied. Results: In risk pregnancies (n = 31 994) the trial of labor rate was 64.9% and failure rate was 27.6%, compared with 74.6% and 16.4% in pregnancies without any of the risk conditions studied (n = 25 115). The lowest trial of labor rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (49.5%), diabetes type 2 (46.7%), maternal heart conditions (54.5%), and pregnancy-related psychiatric conditions (19.7%). The highest failure rates were observed in diabetes type 1 (43.1%), diabetes type 2 (40.3%), maternal obesity (36.9%), gestational diabetes (36.0%), and offspring macrosomia (43.0%). Induced labor was associated with failed trial of labor (P <.05), whereas after spontaneous labor, failure rates were less than 40% in all conditions studied. Conclusions: In conditions with high rates of failed trial of labor, eg diabetes, macrosomia, and obesity, a planned cesarean section might be a better option than a trial of labor, particularly if induction of delivery might be needed.
Induction of labor versus expectant management for gestational diabetes mellitus at term; Purpose: To evaluate whether induction of labor (IOL), as compared with expectant management, in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers at term (between 370/7 and 406/7), decreases caesarean section (CS) rate and the rate of adverse composite neonatal outcomes. Methods: A retrospective cohort study, of all women with GDM and a singleton gestation who delivered at term in a single, tertiary, university-affiliated medical center (2007–2014). We compared outcomes of women who underwent IOL at each week of gestation between 370/7 and 406/7 weeks with women who were managed expectantly. The primary outcome was CS rate. Results: Overall, 2472 GDM patients included in the study, of which 880 women had IOL. CS rate was not found to be significantly different between the groups at any gestational age. IOL at 37 weeks was associated with adverse composite neonatal outcome (aOR 2.2, 95% CI 1.4–3.6) and NICU admission (aOR 2.5, 95% CI 1.4–4.4). At 38 weeks, with NICU admission (aOR 2.0, 95% CI 1.4–2.9), and at 39 weeks with fracture of the clavicle. In a sub-analysis of nulliparous women, IOL at 37 weeks had higher odds of NICU admission and adverse composite neonatal outcomes, at 38 weeks with CS and at 39 weeks with fracture of the clavicle. Conclusions: IOL in GDM mothers at term does not reduce CS rate and may be associated with increased CS rate among nulliparous women at 38 weeks. It is also associated with increased risk for adverse composite neonatal outcome or NICU admission when done prior to 390/7 weeks.
The Use of Risk-Enhancing Factors to Personalize ASCVD Risk Assessment: Evidence and Recommendations from the 2018 AHA/ACC Multi-Society Cholesterol Guidelines; Purpose of Review: In 2018, the AHA/ACC Multi-Society Cholesterol Guidelines introduced the novel concept of risk-enhancing factors to be used as a supplement to the pooled cohort risk equations to personalize atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk assessment in primary prevention. In this review, we discuss the rationale and evidence behind each of the risk-enhancing factors to help clinicians perform a more personalized cardiovascular risk assessment. Recent Findings: The risk-enhancing factors are high-risk features that may guide the use of lipid-lowering therapy particularly in intermediate and select borderline-risk patients. For the purpose of this review, these factors are divided into five categories: (i) race and genetics, (ii) conditions specific to women, (iii) lipid-related risk, (iv) concurrent high-risk medical conditions, and (v) biomarkers. Summary: The addition of the risk-enhancing factors to the pooled cohort equations provides a more individualized and comprehensive approach to cardiovascular disease risk assessment.
Lipids in Women: Management in Cardiovascular Disease Prevention and Special Subgroups; Purpose of Review: As the adverse impact of cardiovascular disease continues to afflict women around the world, the identification and treatment of risk factors to reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality continue to rise in priority. Dyslipidemia is a significant risk factor for coronary heart disease and should serve as a strong focus point in both primary and secondary prevention. However, women remain undertreated compared with men and receive less evidence-based therapies including cholesterol management. Some of the unique risk factors in women that contribute to cardiovascular disease have been incorporated in the current cholesterol management guidelines. Recent Findings: The medical community and international organizations have helped reduce the annual cardiovascular mortality rates for women since 1984. However, more work remains to be completed as heart disease in women remains inadequately researched, underdiagnosed, and poorly managed. This review discusses contemporary management of dyslipidemia in women, with additional focus on special risk subgroups and integration of the new 2018 American Heart Association/American College of Cardiology Guidelines on the Management of Blood Cholesterol. Summary: Dyslipidemia management in women constitutes a substantial portion of the foundation of both primary and secondary prevention and is essential to reducing cardiovascular events in women. The current cholesterol guidelines focus on some of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease that are unique or more common in women. This is a review of how the current cholesterol management guidelines pertain to women specifically and address sex-specific cardiovascular risk factors in women.
Glucose screening in pregnancy to predict future cardiovascular risk; High post-challenge glucose plasma concentrations that are observed during pregnancy screening can help to identify women who are at an increased likelihood of later health issues, predominantly cardiovascular diseases. This finding offers a unique opportunity to improve the health of women, but further work is required to translate into clinical benefits.
Consider Preeclampsia as a First Cardiovascular Event; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death in women worldwide. Preeclampsia (PE) is an important and acknowledged female-specific risk factor. Women with a history of PE have an elevated risk to develop hypertension in the decade following their index pregnancy. In this paper, we aim to provide recent insights in the future risk of preeclampsia and describe how prevention strategies can be optimized. Recent Findings: The development of premature hypertension is caused by multiple factors such as genetics and a persistent enhanced inflammatory state after PE. Systemic inflammation accelerates endothelial dysfunction and promotes the process of atherosclerosis. In formerly preeclamptic women, signs of subclinical atherosclerosis are present at young age. Timely cardiovascular screening after PE is recommended; however, the how and when are yet to be determined. Given the large impact of a previous preeclamptic pregnancy on cardiovascular risk, the question arises whether we should not intensify secondary prevention in these high-risk women. Summary: Obstetric history can provide useful information about CVD risk in women after their reproductive life, especially if they had a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia. Early detection of hypertension could optimize prevention and treatment strategies and mitigate CVD risk. For high-risk women, preeclampsia may be considered a first cardiovascular event that requires secondary prevention according to guidelines.
Molecular mechanisms of neural stem cell fate determination though protein O-GlcNAcylation; The nutrient responsive O-GlcNAcylation is a dynamic posttranslational protein mono-glycosylation identified on several nucleocytoplasmic proteins. Studies done on cell culture and animal models have shown that hyperglycemia increases the levels of total O-GlcNAcylation inside the cells. Perturbed protein OGlcNAcylation is shown to be responsible for various pathologies including insulin resistance and Alzheimer's disease. Since maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy is associated with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in the offspring, it is intriguing to identify the role of increased protein O-GlcNAcylation on embryonic neurogenesis. Human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) could be utilized as model to understand early stages of developmental neurogenesis. Using directed differentiation of hESCs into cortical neurons as model, we show that increased levels of total OGlcNAc is associated with decreased neural progenitor proliferation and premature differentiation of cortical neurons. This could possibly result due to defects in the transcription of several genes important for embryonic neurogenesis due to elevated O-GlcNAc as observed here. We also found differences in the levels of total histone H2B-GlcNAc and H2B-Ub through western and differences in the levels of these histone marks on the promoters of affected genes through ChIP due to increased O-GlcNAcylation at specific stages of neurogenesis. Together, our results show that increased O-GlcNAcylation affects developmental neurogenesis through modulation of gene expression and through epigenetic regulatory mechanisms.
Mechanisms of accelerated ageing in gestational diabetic vasculature; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with epigenetic alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle cells, causing morphological changes and dysfunction. Oxidative stress has been measured in human umbilical vein endothelial cells, which persists in cultured cells exposed to normoglycaemia for several passages. Our group are interested in identifying the mechanisms of endothelial and smooth muscle cell dysfunction. We have identified both multinucleation and increased senescence associated beta galactosidase staining in both endothelial and smooth muscle cells from umbilical cords of GDM pregnancies compared to healthy controls. The staining was particularly evident in multinucleated cells which is associated with ageing and senescence. The senescence associated secretory phenotype (SASP) is known to drive inflammation in aging. Measurement of relevant proinflammatory cytokine gene expression revealed increased interleukin 8 (IL-8) in GDM vascular smooth muscle cells and a tendency to increased IL-8, IL-6 and IL-17a in both endothelial cells and smooth muscle cells. We also demonstrated that insulin growth factor binding protein 5, a protein recently associated with senescence was upregulated. Other authors have identified increased senescence of umbilical vein endothelial cells from non diabetic volunteers after high passage numbers and our data demonstrates these characteristics are present in GDM cells cultured for minimal (less than 5) passages under normoglycaemic conditions. This may indicate that GDM causes accelerated aging of the vasculature which is likely to lead to increased risk for cardiovascular disease, a condition more usually associated with patients with advanced age. Taken together, our data suggests that GDM causes accelerated vascular ageing which may explain, at least in part, the increased risk of cardiovascular disease associated with the condition for mother and offspring.
Neonatal and pediatrics optimal anticoagulant therapy and role of clinical pharmacist-a medication safety model in developing country; Background : Neonates and children on anticoagulationtherapy( ACT) needs more careful management with factors like, different venous thrombo- embolism(VTE) etiologies, antithrombotic pharmacokinetics, in addition sepsis, perinatal hypoxia, dehydration, maternal diabetes and polycythaemia in neonates and congenital heart disease, cancer, chemotherapy, protein- losing states, trauma/surgery, longtime- TPN. Clinical pharmacist (CP) involved in daily multidisciplinary round, having complete patient history and access to all healthcare- providers can play vital role in ACT. Aims : The aim of this study is to evaluate the impact of Clinical Pharmacist- managed ACT in neonates and children. Methods : Clinical- Pharmacist was utilized to monitor ACT with anticoagulant team, provided required resources and updated knowledge. Activity designed as daily electronic medical record review, identifying high risk patient on anticoagulants, making and documentation of interventions. This was a prospective cohort study, inclusion criteria was all patients admitted to NICU and pediatric units, from newborn till 10years- age, with VTE, renal vein or cerebral- sinovenous thrombosis and Purpura fulminans, treated with Heparin, Enoxaparin and warfarin and reviewed by CP .Study period from January 1 st 2018 to January 1 st , 2019.Primary objective was to evaluate the impact of CP involvement in optimization and monitoring of ACT. Cost reduction evaluation was secondary objective of the study. Results : During the study period, 306 patients were reviewed, 185 were intervened by CP during multidisciplinary- round. 98 (52%) were intervened for Heparin, 58(31%) for Enoxaparin and 29(17%) for warfarin therapy. Interventions were made for drug- drug interactions( 21%), monitoring parameters (Target anti- Xa levels, platelet- count and INR)(58%), dose adjustment of anticoagulant or concurrent medications(29%) , drug- food interactions(13%), alternate suggested(19%), Management of bleeding(11%). More than one type of intervention were made on 37 %(n=68) patients. 98% interventions were accepted. Initial impact on cost reduction in overall therapy was 28%. Conclusions : Utilization of CP in ACT at single institution in developing- country resulted optimization of therapy with cost reduction in neonates and pediatrics.
Antithrombin and D-dimer in predicting pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy; Background : Levels of many coagulation parameters have significantly changes in pregnancy, and may be applied as predictive markers of pregnancy complications, however most of the previous studies were based on small groups, a larger sample size is needed to confirm it. Aims : To investigate the roles of antithrombin (AT) and D- dimer (DD) in predicting pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. Methods : A total of 5095 pregnant women were enrolled. Women in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy were included, while women with primary hypertension, diabetes mellitus, cardiac diseases, chronic nephrosis and chronic hepatopathy before pregnancy and women terminating pregnancy due to fetal chromosome abnormality were excluded. The levels of AT and DD in patients with and without pregnancy complications were compared and evaluated. Results : The maternal complications of 5095 pregnant women during the 28th- 40th gestational weeks in this study included 353 cases of preeclampsia, 105 cases of intrahepatic cholestasis during pregnancy (ICP), 88 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus, 45 cases of stillbirth and 15 cases of deep vein thrombosis (DVT). The level of DD in patients with pregnancy complications was higher than those without (P< 0.05). The level of AT in patients with preeclampsia was lower than those without (P< 0.05). The level of AT in patients with ICP was higher than those without (P< 0.05). Patients with ICP and stillbirth were younger, while those with gestational diabetes mellitus were elder (P< 0.05). The odds ratio (OR) of ICP for patients with AT>115% was 20.24 [95% confidence interval (CI)12.870- 31.819]. The OR of preeclampsia for patients with AT< 70% was 5.41 (95%CI 3.72- 7.87). The OR of DVT for patients with DD>3.98 μg/mL was 5.74 (95%CI 2.03- 16.20), that of stillbirth was 4.05 (95%CI 2.16- 7.52), that of ICP was 2.95 (95%CI 1.73- 5.02), and that of preeclampsia was 2.76 (95%CI 2.01- 3.81). Conclusions : AT and DD have predictive value in one or more pregnancy complications in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy.
Optimizing high-fidelity simulation for teaching Obstetric Medicine concepts: A curriculum mapping and development project; Background: With the change in the structure of Internal Medicine training in Canada to competence-by-design, residents must demonstrate competence in Obstetric Medicine consultation. High-fidelity simulation offers a way to expose residents to this unique patient population in a safe environment. We have previously demonstrated the effectiveness of simulation in teaching the assessment of dyspnea in pregnancy. However, a single case does not adequately sample necessary competencies. Our objective is to create a comprehensive and Obstetric Medicine simulation curriculum for trainees. Methods: With the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada (RCPSC) Objectives of Training for Internal Medicine as a blueprint, we created simulation cases based on chart reviews of patient presentations. Objectives were reviewed by experts in simulation and Obstetric Medicine for appropriateness for simulation and content validity. Simulation cases were then piloted on PGY 4-5 Internal Medicine residents for content and revised accordingly. Results: Nine simulation cases were created to address 15 Obstetric Medicine RCPSC objectives. Cases include dyspnea in pregnancy, venous thromboembolism, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, cardiac disease, sepsis in pregnancy, thrombocytopenia, diabetes in pregnancy, and liver disease. Three cases were piloted on trainees over one month and a total of 35 h of simulation education has been delivered to date. Conclusion: We have developed a comprehensive simulation curriculum to reflect the Obstetric Medicine objectives outlined by the RCPSC for Internal Medicine. Future directions include evaluating the effectiveness of our curriculum for teaching Obstetric Medicine to trainees and evaluating how stress and emotion affect learning in simulation.
Posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome as a complication of pre-eclampsia in the early postpartum period; We present the case of a 30-year-old woman with posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome (PRES) as a complication of pre-eclampsia in the early postpartum period. PRES is a rare neurological disorder which causes non-specific neurological symptoms such as headache, seizures and visual disturbances. It generally has a good prognosis, but severe complications can arise. Therefore, early recognition and treatment are paramount. Pre-eclampsia is a multiorgan disease and is associated with both maternal and foetal morbidity and mortality. Neurological symptoms occurring in the postpartum period indicate pre-eclampsia until proven otherwise. This case report was written to stress the attention on this rare complication of pre-eclampsia. When a patient in the postpartum period presents with a combination of seizures, disturbed vision and headache, PRES should always be kept in mind.
Relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent coronary artery disease assessed by coronary computed tomographic angiography in black women; BACKGROUND: Maternal pregnancy complications, particularly preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, are described to increase the risk for subsequent coronary artery disease (CAD). In addition, black women are at higher risk for CAD. The objective of this study was to compare the prevalence and extent of CAD as detected by coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) in black women with and without a history of prior pregnancy complications. METHODS: We retrospectively evaluated patient characteristics and CCTA findings in groups of black women with a prior history of preterm delivery (n=154), preeclampsia (n=137), or gestational diabetes mellitus (n=148), and a matched control group of black women who gave birth without such complications (n=445). Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed to assess risk factors of CAD. RESULTS: All groups with prior pregnancy complications showed higher rates of any (≥20% luminal narrowing) and obstructive (≥50% luminal narrowing) CAD (preterm delivery: 29.2% and 9.1%; preeclampsia: 29.2% and 7.3%; and gestational diabetes mellitus: 47.3% and 15.5%) compared with control women (23.8% and 5.4%). After accounting for confounding factors at multivariate analysis, gestational diabetes mellitus remained a strong risk factor of any (odds ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 2.03–5.22; P<0.001) and obstructive CAD (odds ratio, 3.00; 95% CI, 1.55–5.80; P<0.001) on CCTA. CONCLUSIONS: Black women with a history of pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus, have a higher prevalence of CAD on CCTA while only a history of gestational diabetes mellitus was independently associated with any and obstructive CAD on CCTA.
Seasonality in hyperglycemic emergencies in a Health Facility in Sub-Saharan Africa: The roles of geographic location, infection, and knowledge of diabetes mellitus status; Hyperglycemic emergencies (HEs) are acute complications of diabetes mellitus and they carry high morbidity and mortality. Studies have reported a seasonal pattern in the frequency of occurrence of both types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus and even Gestational Diabetes Mellitus. No such association has been suggested for HEs. The study was conducted at the Asokoro District Hospital, Located in Abuja, Nigeria to examine a seasonal pattern in the frequency of hyperglycemic emergencies. The initial observation of an obvious fluctuation in the number of admitted cases of hyperglycemic emergencies motivated this prospective study which ran for a period of six years. It involved collecting the relevant information using a questionnaire from all HEs patients admitted to the medical ward from the first of January, 2008 to the 31st of December, 2013. Required investigations were done. The precipitating factors for HEs were looked for. The number of cases per month was noted for each year. The Statistical package used for analysis was STATA version 11. Round the year Abuja Climatic changes were monitored on the website of the Nigerian Meteorological station. Four hundred and fifty-one (451) patients with hyperglycemic emergency were enrolled for this study. Most of the patients, (55%), were in the middle-age bracket. Fifty-six per cent (56%), were not previously known to be living with diabetes mellitus. Infections, particularly of the respiratory and gastrointestinal tracks, were the commonest precipitating factors. Variation in the frequency of HEs was observed, with two peaks: one in April and a smaller peak in December. There is seasonal variation in the frequency of presentation of Hyperglycemic emergencies. This may have been influenced by exogenous factors such as geographic location, infection, and the fact that most of the patients never knew they had diabetes mellitus.
Prevention of opportunistic non-communicable diseases; As strategies targeting undernutrition and infections become increasingly successful in low-and middle-income countries (LMICs), a second challenge has appeared, namely premature onset of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). In LMICs, NCDs are often related to exposure to undernutrition and infections. As NCDs strike societies and individuals with impaired resistance or a deficient health (care) state, why not label such diseases 'opportunistic', in analogy with opportunistic infections attacking individuals with HIV? We propose the concept of opportunistic NCDs, hoping that fighting against infections, and for better maternal and child health, is becoming acknowledged as essential for the early prevention of NCDs.
Changes in Stemness Properties, Differentiation Potential, Oxidative Stress, Senescence and Mitochondrial Function in Wharton’s Jelly Stem Cells of Umbilical Cords of Mothers with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity. The Wharton’s jelly (WJ) of the umbilical cord (UC) is a useful indicator of the deleterious effects of hyperglycemia on fetal tissues as it represents the fetus embryologically, physiologically and genetically. We studied WJ mesenchymal stem cells (hWJSCs) from UC from mothers without GDM (Normal; n = 3); insulin-controlled GDM mothers (GDMi; n = 3) and diet-controlled GDM mothers (GDMd; n = 3)]. Cell proliferation, stemness markers, telomerase, osteogenic and chondrogenic differentiation, antioxidant enzymes and gene expression for mitochondrial function (ND2, TFAM, PGC1α, and NDUFB9) were significantly lower in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs (P < 0.05). On the other hand, cell cycle inhibitors (p16, p21, p27) and p53 were remarkably up-regulated in GDMi-hWJSCs and GDMd-hWJSCs compared to normal hWJSCs. The results from this study confirmed that maternal hyperglycemia even though managed with insulin or diet, induced changes in the properties of the WJ and its cells. These changes may also be observed in fetal tissues and if true, prevention of the onset of gestational diabetes should be a priority over management. Generation of tissues that simulate those of the fetus such as pancreatic and cardiovascular cells from GDM-hWJSCs by direct differentiation or via induced pluripotent stem cell reprogramming provide possible platforms to evaluate the effects of glucose on specific fetal organ.
Hyperglycaemia cause vascular inflammation through advanced glycation end products/early growth response-1 axis in gestational diabetes mellitus; Hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is the main reason for developing diabetes mediated vascular complications. Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed due to non-enzymatic glycation of proteins, lipids and nucleic acids during hyperglycaemia. It has the potential to damage vasculature by modifying the substrate or by means of AGEs and receptor of AGE (RAGE) interaction. It has been linked with the pathogenesis of various vascular diseases including coronary heart disease, atherosclerosis, restenosis etc. This study was carried out to investigate the role of AGEs-EGR-1 pathway in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) vascular inflammation. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HuVECs) isolated from normal glucose tolerant mothers were subjected to various treatments including high glucose, silencing of early growth response (EGR)-1, blockade of protein kinase C (PKC) β, blocking extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2), and treatment with AGEs and assayed for EGR-1, tissue factor (TF) and soluble intercellular adhesion molecule (sICAM)-1. Similarly, umbilical vein endothelial cells isolated from normal and GDM mothers were assayed for EGR-1, TF, and sICAM-1. There was a significant increase in EGR-1 and TF levels in HuVECs isolated form GDM mother’s umbilical cord and normal HuVECs treated with high glucose condition. This was accompanied by elevated levels of sICAM-1 in high glucose treated cells. Our results revealed AGE-mediated activation of EGR-1 and its downstream genes via PKC βII and ERK1/2 signaling pathway. The present study demonstrated a novel mechanism of AGEs/ PKC βII/ ERK1/2/EGR-1 pathway in inducing vascular inflammation in GDM.
Long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations of small for gestational age (SGA) offspring born to women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)‡; Objective: To assess whether delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) neonates to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations compared to SGA neonates born to mothers without GDM. Study design: This is a population-based retrospective cohort study. The study group was SGA offspring born to mothers with GDM (n = 259), while the control group was SGA offspring born to mothers without GDM (n = 9053). The main factor evaluated was offspring cardiovascular hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. A Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for cardiovascular hospitalizations. Results: SGA children born to mothers with GDM had significantly higher rates of cardiovascular-related hospitalizations (1.9% vs. 0.7%, p =.026). A Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated that SGA children born to GDM mothers had a higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations (log-rank p =.037). The Cox regression model, while controlling for confounders, demonstrated that delivery of SGA neonates to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations (adjusted HR =2.6; 95% CI 1.02–6.55 p =.045). Conclusion: Delivery of SGA neonates born to mothers with GDM is independently associated with long-term cardiovascular offspring hospitalizations.
Diabetic pregnancy and maternal high-fat diet impair mitochondrial dynamism in the developing fetal rat heart by sex-specific mechanisms; Infants born to diabetic or obese mothers are at greater risk of heart disease at birth and throughout life, but prevention is hindered because underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. Using a rat model, we showed that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes and a high-fat diet caused diastolic and systolic dysfunction, myocardial lipid accumulation, decreased respiratory capacity, and oxidative stress in newborn offspring hearts. This study aimed to determine whether mitochondrial dynamism played a role. Using confocal live-cell imaging, we examined mitochondrial dynamics in neonatal rat cardiomyocytes (NRCM) from four prenatally exposed groups: Controls, diabetes, high-fat diet, and combination exposed. Cardiac expression of dynamism-related genes and proteins were compared, and gender-specific differences were evaluated. Findings show that normal NRCM have highly dynamic mitochondria with a well-balanced number of fusion and fission events. Prenatal exposure to diabetes or a high-fat diet impaired dynamism resulting in shorter, wider mitochondria. Mechanisms of impaired dynamism were gender-specific and protein regulated. Females had higher expression of fusion proteins which may confer a cardioprotective effect. Prenatally exposed male hearts had post-translational modifications known to impair dynamism and influence mitophagy-mediated cell death. This study identifies mitochondrial fusion and fission proteins as targetable, pathogenic regulators of heart health in offspring exposed to excess circulating maternal fuels.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and macrosomia predispose to diabetes in the Lebanese population; Aims: The Middle East has the fastest rising rate of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) worldwide, with Lebanon having 15.8% of its population affected. This study aims at studying Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS), Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), and macrosomia as risk factors of T2DM in Lebanon. Such epidemiological and statistical study has never been conducted before in the Middle East region and would be useful for clinical diagnosis. Methods: Our cohort is comprised of 1453 Lebanese individuals, with 897 controls and 556 patients. We tested the correlation between T2DM and the covariates GDM, PCOS, and macrosomia independently. We conducted multinomial logistic regression and cross tabulations with T2DM as an outcome. Results: The results showed a significant association of the independent factors GDM and macrosomia with T2DM. The risk of having T2DM was increased by 4.192 times with the GDM, and by 2.315 times with macrosomia respectively. Conclusion: In conclusion, GDM and macrosomia, but not PCOS, are significant risk factors for T2DM in our Lebanese cohort. Our results, reported for the first time in the Middle East, present insights into risk factors management and disease prevention.
Risk Factors, Imaging Findings, and Sex Differences in Spontaneous Coronary Artery Dissection; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD)is increasingly being recognized. However, data supporting diagnosis and management are scarce. We analyze a contemporary and comprehensive SCAD registry to advance the understanding of SCAD risk factors, angiographic appearance, and gender differences. This is a retrospective analysis of a prospectively populated database of SCAD patients seen at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH)between June 2013 and October 2017. Core laboratory analysis of both coronary angiograms and computerized tomographic (CT)angiography of the extracoronary vessels was performed. Of the 113 patients, 87% were female and mean age was 47 ± 10 years. Traditional cardiovascular risk factors including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and smoking were present in 27%, 14%, and 22% of patients. Among females, 14%, 8%, and 9% had a history of gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and gestational diabetes, respectively. Fifteen percent had used fertility treatment and 47% of postmenopausal women had used hormone replacement therapy. Angiography showed multivessel SCAD in 42%, severe coronary artery tortuosity in 59%, and extracoronary vascular abnormalities in 100% of patients with complete CT angiographic imaging. Gender differences revealed a self-reported depression and anxiety prevalence of 20% and 32%, respectively, in women compared with 0% in men. Type 1 SCAD was more commonly diagnosed in men than women (71% vs 29%, p <0.01). In conclusion, we highlight under-recognized features of SCAD including (1)relation with pregnancy complications and exposure to hormonal therapy; (2)diffuse, multivessel process in tortuous coronaries on a background of extracoronary arterial abnormalities; and (3)gender differences highlighting the role of mental health as well as potential underdiagnoses in men.
Early vs. standard screening and treatment of gestational diabetes in high-risk women – An attempt to determine relative advantages and disadvantages; Background and aims: Screening for Gestational Diabetes (GDM) is usually recommended between 24 and 28 weeks of pregnancy; however available evidence suggests that GDM may be already present before recommended time for screening, in particular among high-risk women as those with prior GDM or obesity. The purpose of this retrospective study was to evaluate whether early screening (16–18 weeks) and treatment of GDM may improve maternal and fetal outcomes. Methods and results: In 290 women at high-risk for GDM, we analyzed maternal and fetal outcomes, according to early or standard screening and GDM diagnosis time. Early screening was performed by 50% of high-risk women. The prevalence of GDM was 62%. Among those who underwent early screened, GDM was diagnosed at the first evaluation in 42.7%. Women with early diagnosis were more frequently treated with insulin and had a slightly lower HbA1c than women with who were diagnosed late. No differences were observed in the prevalence of Cesarean section, operative delivery, gestational age at the delivery, macrosomia, neonatal weight, Ponderal Index and Large-for-Gestational-Age among women with early or late GDM diagnosis or NGT. However, compared to NGT women, GDM women, irrespective of the time of diagnosis, had a lower gestational weight gain, lower prevalence of macrosomia (3.9% vs. 11.4%), small (1.7% vs. 8.3%) as well as large for gestational age (3.3% vs. 16.7%), but higher prevalence of pre-term delivery (8.9% vs. 2.7%). Conclusion: Early vs. standard screening and treatment of GDM in high-risk women is associated with similar short-term maternal-fetal outcomes, although women with an early diagnosis were treated to a greater extent with insulin therapy.
Influence of periconception smoking behavior on birth defect risk; Background: Smoking is one of the most important modifiable risk factors for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Smoking during pregnancy has been associated with fetal growth restriction, adverse pregnancy outcomes, and chronic adult diseases. Existing research has evaluated the risk of smoking on congenital defects. However, no studies have evaluated how periconception smoking affects birth defects. Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess the association of maternal smoking and the timing of periconception exposure with congenital birth defects. Study Design: This study was a population-based retrospective cohort of live births in Ohio from 2006–2015 with the use of data from birth certificates. Rates of cardiovascular, musculoskeletal, gastrointestinal, and neural tube birth defects were compared between a referent group of women who did not smoke and a group of women who smoked (1) during the preconception period of 3 months before conception only and not in the first trimester and (2) in the preconception period plus throughout the first trimester of pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression was used to quantify the relationship between periconception smoking and the rate of birth defects after adjustment for maternal race, age, pregestational diabetes mellitus, and socioeconomic factors. Results: Of the 1,436,036 live births in the study period, 75% of mothers did not smoke during the preconception period or during pregnancy. There were 334,156 women (23.3%) who smoked during pregnancy; 6.0% of the population smoked preconception only, and 17.3% of the population smoked both during the preconception period and through the first trimester. Smoking during the preconception period only, even without first trimester exposure, was associated with a 40% increased risk of gastroschisis. Smoking that was limited to preconception only was not associated with any other individual birth defects. However, smoking through the first trimester was associated with a statistically significant increased risk of several defects that included gastroschisis and limb reduction and a composite outcome of any defect, even after adjustment for coexisting factors. Conclusion: Smoking during the period of fetal organogenesis (during the first trimester of pregnancy) is associated with increased risk of some birth defects. In this study, we provide novel data that smoking during the few months before conception, even with cessation in the first trimester, may also pose a risk for fetal malformation such as gastroschisis. These findings highlight the importance of preconception women's public health education efforts and warrant further investigation.
Systematic review: Impact of resveratrol exposure during pregnancy on maternal and fetal outcomes in animal models of human pregnancy complications—Are we ready for the clinic?; Resveratrol (RSV) has been reported to have potential beneficial effects in the complicated pregnancy. Various pregnancy complications lead to a suboptimal in utero environment that impacts fetal growth during critical windows of development. Detrimental structural changes to key organ systems in utero persist into adult life and predispose offspring to an increased risk of chronic non-communicable metabolic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes and obesity. The aim of this systematic review was to determine the effect of gestational RSV exposure on both maternal and fetal outcomes. Publicly available databases (n = 8) were searched for original studies reporting maternal and/or fetal outcomes after RSV exposure during pregnancy irrespective of species. Of the 115 studies screened, 31 studies were included in this review. RSV exposure occurred for different durations across a range of species (Rats n = 18, Mice n = 7, Japanese Macaques n = 3 and Sheep n = 3), models of complicated pregnancy (eg. maternal dietary manipulations, gestational diabetes, maternal hypoxia, teratogen exposure, etc.), dosages and administration routes. Maternal and fetal outcomes differed not only based on the model of complicated pregnancy assessed but also as a result of species. Given the heterogenic nature of these studies, further investigation assessing RSV exposure during the complicated pregnancy is warranted. In order to make an informed decision regarding the use of RSV to intervene in pregnancy complications, we suggest a minimum data set for consideration in future studies.
Referral to Cardiology Following Postpartum Cardiovascular Risk Screening at the Maternal Health Clinic in Kingston, Ontario; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD)is the leading cause of death globally among women, and certain pregnancy complications can be the earliest indicators of increased CVD risk. Nonetheless, there is no recommendation for follow-up of cardiovascular risk factors identified through postpartum screening programs. This study describes current referral practices and clinical course from the Maternal Health Clinic in Kingston, Ontario, for women deemed at high cardiovascular risk postpartum. Methods: We investigated the cohort of women referred from the postpartum Maternal Health Clinic to cardiology for further assessment and management, specifically examining timing and recommended interventions to reduce CVD risk. Results: Women referred to cardiology differed significantly from those not referred in history of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (P < 0.05)and demonstrated a significantly worse CVD risk profile at 6 months postpartum (P < 0.0001). Life expectancy by the cardiometabolic model for women referred was 5 years shorter (P < 0.0001). Only half of the women referred to cardiology scheduled a visit; the median time to the scheduled appointment was 12 months. Of women seen by cardiology, 60% were deemed eligible for cardiac rehabilitation. Conclusions: Although women at highest risk for CVD are being identified and referred to cardiology, the existing system is not designed for this demographic. Too many women are missing their appointments or being seen beyond 1 year postpartum. To initiate lifestyle changes and/or therapeutic interventions, we suggest that CVD prevention programming begins within 1 year of delivery. Future studies should investigate the viability of traditional cardiac rehabilitation programs among this unique population.
Risk factors associated with outcomes of seasonal influenza in pregnant women referring to healthcare centers in Iran in 2015-2016; Background: Influenza causes high mortality rate among pregnant women, while morbidity and mortality cases of this disease and its side effects among pregnant women can be simply prevented by vaccination and reducing risk factors such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, hypertension, etc. Objectives: Hence, this study was conducted to investigate the risk factors and mortality rate of seasonal influenza among pregnant women referring to healthcare centers in Iran during 2015-2016. Methods: This case-control study was conducted to examine the odds ratio of seasonal influenza among pregnant women with seasonal influenza who had referred to all healthcare centers in Iran with severe respiratory disease symptoms during 2015-2016. The statistical population consisted of 2,080 pregnant women of whom, 24 dead women constituted the case group and 100 randomly selected living women constituted the control group. A researcher-made checklist was used for data collection. The collected data were analyzed using the statistical test of the odds ratio with SPSS-22 software. Results: Mean (standard deviation) of age was 31 (2.3) and 34 (3.8) in living and dead pregnant women, respectively. The most frequent type of conflicting influenza virus was H1N1 in both case and control groups (83% and 71%, respectively). There was a significant difference between case and control groups in the risk factors including diabetes (P = 0.003), blood pressure (P = 0.001), obesity (P = 0.026), cardiovascular diseases (P = 0.001), renal diseases (P = 0.013), and respiratory diseases (P = 0.012). Among these risk factors, the highest odds ratio (OR) was related to cardiovascular diseases (OR = 24), blood pressure (OR = 16.3), and diabetes (OR = 12.9), in sequence. Oseltamivir prescribed to all patients in the control group and 92% of patients in the case group. Seven patients in the control group and none in the case group had a history of influenza vaccination. Conclusions: It is necessary to take steps and underpin training programs to reduce the risk factors of seasonal influenza among pregnant women based on the national vaccination guidelines.
The prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea and its association with pregnancy-related health outcomes: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Purpose: Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is common during pregnancy. Nevertheless, prevalence estimates of OSA have varied widely due to variabilities in the assessment methods. This meta-analysis aimed to examine the prevalence of objectively assessed OSA and its association with pregnancy-related health outcomes in pregnant women. Methods: This review was developed following the PRISMA guideline. A systematic search was conducted in major electronic databases to identify studies conducted from inception to January 2018. The pooled estimates with 95% confidence interval were calculated using the inverse variance method. Forest plots were used to present the results of individual studies and the pooled effect sizes. Results: Thirty-three studies were included. The mean gestational age was between 21.2 (8.5) and 37.3 (2.1) weeks. The pooled worldwide prevalence of OSA was 15% (95% CI 12–18%). The prevalence estimates ranged from 5% in the European Region to 20% in the Region of Americas. The prevalence estimates for different trimesters ranged from 15 to 19%. OSA was related to an increased risk for gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, C-section, postoperative wound complication, and pulmonary edema. The pooled adjusted odds ratio (aOR) values were 1.97, 1.55, 2.35, 1.42, 1.87, and 6.35, respectively. OSA was also related to an increased risk for preterm birth (aOR = 1.62) and neonatal intensive care unit admission (aOR = 1.28). Conclusions: OSA is a common health issue in pregnant women. OSA is associated with various pregnancy-related health outcomes. Routine screening, early diagnosis, and effective treatment of OSA are recommended in pregnant women, particularly during mid and late pregnancy.
Market for biotechnology drugs: market analysis of insulin; Objectives: The aim of the present study was to present the market scenario of biotechnological drugs, especially insulin. In addition to Brazil, a study was conducted that considered the United States market, which has the largest market of biotechnological products in the world and in China, for presenting an increase in investments in the biotechnology area and is a BRICS member. Methods: A market survey of biotechnological drugs and insulin was carried out. The information that was used is provided through the IMS Health Customer Portal from 2010 to 2014, and was searched in the AliceWeb database between 2011 and 2016, and we consulted Insights magazine (published by IMS Health). Information was also obtained from the Brazilian Association of the Pharmaceutical and Pharmaceutical Industries (Abiquif) (2012–2016) and from the International Diabetes Federation (IDF), available on its websites, to identify sales of biotech drugs and, more specifically, insulin. Key findings: The deficit in the Brazilian trade balance between 2012 and 2016, related to medicines, remains high, mainly driven by the acquisition of high value-added drugs, mainly biotechnological drugs, such as insulin. In 5 years (2010–2014), the value of the commercialization of insulin increased by an average of 100%. In 2010, the total marketing value of insulin was approximately US $16 billion, and in 2014, it was approximately US $29 billion. The three laboratories that stand out in the world, namely, Sanofi, Lilly and Novo Nordisk, are the main laboratories that market insulin in Brazil. Conclusions: The observed results make evident the import dependence for the acquisition of insulin, which can lead to a national shortage and possible cases of death and sequelae from diabetes in patients who did not receive adequate treatment, besides contributing to the trade deficit.
Common Arterial Trunk: Physiology, Imaging, and Management; Common arterial trunk (CAT), or truncus arteriosus, is a rare form of cyanotic congenital heart disease and is highly associated with DiGeorge syndrome (microdeletion 22q11.2). Prenatal diagnosis is highly feasible, allowing proper delivery planning and postnatal management. The clinical presentation is highly variable depending on the anatomical variation; however, most commonly presenting with mild cyanosis and significant tachypnea, although these patients can often go undetected in the immediate newborn period. Transthoracic echocardiography is adequate for diagnosis and detailed anatomical delineation in the majority. Additional imaging modalities such as cardiac catheterization, computed tomography angiography, or cardiac magnetic resonance imaging can be helpful in those with more complex pulmonary artery (PA) or aortic anatomy, or in the older repaired. The surgical management of CAT is complete repair in the neonatal period with resection of branch PAs from the CAT with placement of a right ventricular (RV)-to-PA conduit and patch closure of the ventricular septal defect. Overall surgical outcomes are excellent in most centers, with the expectation that the child will eventually outgrow the RV-to-PA conduit and require reoperation. Other potential reoperations or postsurgical interventions in addition to the RV-to-PA conduit may involve the truncal valve or branch PAs.
The implementation of a nationwide anomaly screening programme improves prenatal detection of major cardiac defects: an 11-year national population-based cohort study; Objective: To evaluate whether a nationwide prenatal anomaly screening programme improves detection rates of univentricular heart (UVH) and transposition of great arteries (TGA), and whether maternal risk factors for severe fetal heart disease affect prenatal detection. Design: Population-based cohort study. Setting: Nationwide data from Finnish registries 2004–14. Population: A total of 642 456 parturients and 3449 terminated pregnancies due to severe fetal anomaly. Methods: Prenatal detection rates were calculated in three time periods (prescreening, transition and screening phase). The effect of maternal risk factors (obesity, in vitro fertilisation, pregestational diabetes and smoking) was evaluated. Main outcome measures: Change in detection rates and impact of maternal risk factors on screening programme efficacy. Results: In total, 483 cases of UVH and 184 of TGA were detected. The prenatal detection rate of UVH increased from 50.4% to 82.8% and of TGA from 12.3% to 41.0% (P < 0.0001). Maternal risk factors did not affect prenatal detection rate, but detection rate differed substantially by region. Conclusions: A nationwide screening programme improved overall UVH and TGA detection rates, but regional differences were observed. Obesity or other maternal risk factors did not affect the screening programme efficacy. The establishment of structured guidelines and recommendations is essential when implementing the screening programme. In addition, a prospective screening register is highly recommended to ensure high quality of screening. Tweetable abstract: Implementation of a nationwide prenatal anomaly screening improved detection rates of UVH and TGA.
Gestational diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an elevated lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Recently, a series of studies has suggested that women with GDM also have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if this risk is dependent upon the intercurrent development of type 2 diabetes. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the impact of GDM on future risk of incident CVD and to ascertain the role of type 2 diabetes in this regard. Methods: We systematically searched the PubMed and EMBASE databases for observational studies that evaluated the association of GDM with subsequent CVD, with publication between 1 January 1950 and 30 August 2018. Two independent reviewers extracted data and the analysis was performed in accordance with Meta-analysis of Observational Studies in Epidemiology (MOOSE) guidelines. RRs were calculated using a random-effects model to assess the predictive value of GDM for future cardiovascular events. To evaluate whether incident type 2 diabetes in the GDM population influenced the association with CVD, we used meta-regression models followed by sensitivity analyses restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes during follow-up. Results: A pooled analysis of nine studies yielded data from 5,390,591 women (101,424 cardiovascular events). Compared with those who did not have GDM, women with GDM had a twofold higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.98 [95% CI 1.57, 2.50]). Meta-regression analysis showed that the rates of incident type 2 diabetes across the studies did not affect this risk (p = 0.34). Moreover, when restricted to women who did not develop type 2 diabetes, GDM remained associated with a 56% higher risk of future cardiovascular events (RR 1.56 [95% CI 1.04, 2.32]). GDM conferred a 2.3-fold increased risk of cardiovascular events in the first decade postpartum (RR 2.31 [95% CI 1.57, 3.39]). Conclusions/interpretation: The diagnosis of GDM identifies young women who have a twofold higher risk of cardiovascular events postpartum compared with their peers. This risk is not dependent upon intercurrent type 2 diabetes and is apparent within the first decade after pregnancy. Thus, even without progressing to type 2 diabetes, women with GDM comprise an at-risk population for CVD and hence a potential opportunity for early risk factor surveillance and risk modification.
Cardiovascular Risk in Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus; Type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is associated with premature cardiovascular disease (CVD), but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. The American Diabetes Association and the European Association for the Study of Diabetes recently updated their position statement on the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) to include additional focus on cardiovascular risk; improved management of risk factors in T1DM is also needed. There are important differences in the pathophysiology of CVD in T1DM and T2DM. Hyperglycaemia appears to have a more profound effect on cardiovascular risk in T1DM than T2DM, and other risk factors appear to cause a synergistic rather than additive effect, so achievement of treatment targets for all recognized risk factors is crucial to reducing cardiovascular risk. Here we discuss the evidence for addressing established cardiovascular risk factors, candidate biomarkers and surrogate measurements, and possible interventions.
Cost-of-illness studies in nine Central and Eastern European countries; Background: To date, a multi-country review evaluating the cost-of-illness (COI) studies from the Central and Eastern European (CEE) region has not yet been published. Our main objective was to provide a general description about published COI studies from CEE. Methods: A systematic search was performed between 1 January 2006 and 1 June 2017 in Medline, EMBASE, The Cochrane Library, CINAHL, and Web of Science to identify all relevant COI studies from nine CEE countries. COI studies reporting costs without any restrictions by age, co-morbidities, or treatment were included. Methodology, publication standards, and cost results were analysed. Results: We identified 58 studies providing 83 country-specific COI results: Austria (n = 9), Bulgaria (n = 16), Croatia (n = 3), the Czech Republic (n = 10), Hungary (n = 24), Poland (n = 11), Romania (n = 3), Slovakia (n = 3), and Slovenia (n = 4). Endocrine, nutritional, and metabolic diseases (18%), neoplasms (12%), infections (11%), and neurological disorders (11%) were the most frequently studied clinical areas, and multiple sclerosis was the most commonly studied disease. Overall, 57 (98%) of the studies explicitly stated the source of resource use data, 45 (78%) the study perspective, 34 (64%) the costing method, and 24 (58%) reported at least one unit costs. Regardless of methodological differences, a positive relationship was observed between costs of diseases and countries’ per capita GDP. Conclusions: Cost-of-illness studies varied considerably in terms of methodology, publication practice, and clinical areas. Due to these heterogeneities, transferability of the COI results is limited across Central and Eastern European countries.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: the correlation between umbilical coiling index, and intrapartum as well as neonatal outcomes; Objectives: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between the postnatal umbilical coiling index (pUCI), and intrapartum and neonatal outcomes in parturients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-GDM. Methods: An evaluation of the umbilical cords and pUCI of 117 neonates of GDM and 105 of non-GDM parturients were prospectively studied within 24 h after delivery. Furthermore, obstetric history, intrapartum and neonatal data were recorded. Results: Premature rupture of membrane (PROM) (p = 0.001), emergency cesarean delivery (p = 0.01), spontaneous preterm delivery (p = 0.006), duration of hospital admission (p < 0.001), and congenital malformations (p = 0.03) were significantly higher in the GDM group. Moreover, pUCI had a significant association with large for gestational age (LGA) (p = 0.009), and meconium-stained amniotic fluid (p = 0.04) in the GDM group. In addition, increment of pUCI had significant association with spontaneous preterm delivery in both groups (p = 0.002) (OR = 1.23). Conclusions: GDM is associated with spontaneous preterm delivery, PROM, emergency cesarean delivery, duration of hospital admission, and congenital malformations. Increase in pUCI could increase the rate of spontaneous preterm delivery in normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by GDM, as well as, the rate of LGA and meconium-stained amniotic fluid in GDM.
Genetics and epigenetics of infertility and treatments on outcomes; Context: Infertility affects 10% of the reproductive-age population. Even the most successful treatments such as assisted reproductive technologies still result in failed implantation. In addition, adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with infertility have been attributed to these fertility treatments owing to the presumed epigenetic modifications of in vitro fertilization and in vitro embryo development. However, the diagnosis of infertility has been associated with adverse outcomes, and the etiologies leading to infertility have been associated with adverse pregnancy and long-term outcomes. Evidence Acquisition: We have comprehensively summarized the data available through observational, experimental, cohort, and randomized studies to better define the effect of the underlying infertility diagnosis vs the epigenetics of infertility treatments on treatment success and overall outcomes. Evidence Synthesis: Most female infertility results from polycystic ovary syndrome, endometriosis, and unexplained infertility, with some cases resulting from a polycystic ovary syndrome phenotype or underlying endometriosis. In addition to failed implantation, defective implantation can lead to problems with placentation that leads to adverse pregnancy outcomes, affecting both mother and fetus. Conclusion: Current research, although limited, has suggested that genetics and epigenetics of infertility diagnosis affects disease and overall outcomes. In addition, other fertility treatments, which also lead to adverse outcomes, are aiding in the identification of factors, including the supraphysiologic hormonal environment, that might affect the overall success and healthy outcomes for mother and child. Further studies, including genome-wide association studies, epigenomics studies, and experimental studies, are needed to better identify the factors leading to these outcomes.
The association between large-for-gestational-age scans and undiagnosed gestational diabetes; Objective In the absence of gestational or pre-existing diabetes, the rates of significant perineal trauma or shoulder dystocia are only modestly increased with large-for-gestational age (LGA) babies. However, in the presence of gestational diabetes these risks are significantly more common. Our objective is to determine the prevalence of gestational diabetes in a group of women not previously diagnosed with diabetes, who were diagnosed as LGA on scan. Design/methods We prospectively looked at all women who were scanned for suspected LGA and were found to have an abdominal circumference (AC) or an estimated fetal weight (EFW) over the 95th centile. These women were asked to perform home blood glucose monitoring (HBGM) twice a day; with a fasting blood glucose target of less than 5.3 and a 1 hours post-main meal target of less than 7.8. Those with two blood glucose readings above target within one week were diagnosed as having gestational diabetes. We look at this in the context of BMI, ethnicity, and treatment required to control blood sugars. A prospective approach enabled us to reliably capture women who met the criteria for our study. In doing so we have been able to calculate a more reliable estimate of the risk of gestational diabetes in women among our population, who are found to be LGA. Results 87 of the 680 (12%) women referred in for suspected LGA were found to have an AC or EFW above the 95th centile. 56 of those 87 (64%) were found to have abnormal blood sugars and subsequently diagnosed with gestational diabetes. Conclusion Although only a small proportion of those suspected clinically to be large for gestational age are actually large, when an AC or EFW is found to be above the 95th centile, 64% will be found to have abnormal blood sugars. Given the Montgomery ruling, HBGM following ultrasound scan evidence of LGA is essential to allow appropriate counselling of women carrying an LGA fetus.
Menopausal characteristics and risk of heart failure, the EPIC-NL study; Background: Early menopause has been associated with risk of heart failure (HF), but the shape of association and the mechanisms through which these associations affect HF are still unknown. Purpose: To establish the association of menopausal characteristics with risk of HF; the shape of the association; and the extent to which the associations are explained by classical HF risk factors Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study among 28,504 female participants of the EPIC-NL study, aged 20-70 at baseline. Associations between menopausal characteristics and HF risk were assessed using Cox' proportional hazards analysis with adjustment for confounders (age at enrolment, education level, activity level, smoking status, alcohol intake, full-term pregnancy, hormone use, breastfeeding, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes) and potential intermediates of the association (BMI, prior CVD, hypertension, type 2 diabetes). Results: During a median follow-up of 15.2 years, 631 women were diagnosed with HF. Postmenopausal women (58.5%) had a 1.26 (95% Confidence Interval (CI) 1.14-1.38) times higher HF risk than premenopausal women. Among postmenopausal women, earlier menopause compared to average menopause (between age 50-54) was associated with higher risk of HF, (HR<40 1.39 (95%CI 1.06-1.83), HR40-44 1.23 (95%CI 0.91-1.64), HR45-49 1.24 (95% CI 1.00-1.54), respectively). This effect was linear; each year that menopause occurred earlier was associated with 1% (95%CI 0%-1%) higher HF risk. Neither body mass index, nor prior CVD, nor presence of hypertension, nor type 2 diabetes explained these associations. Surgical compared to natural menopause was not associated with HF risk Conclusion(s): Menopause increases HF risk, and the earlier the menopause, the higher the risk, although the size of this effect was modest. Risks could not be explained by traditional HF risk factors.
Successful thrombolysis of neonatal pulmonary artery thrombosis; Introduction: Pulmonary artery (PA) thrombosis in neonates is rare. The true incidence is probably underestimated because of its varying presentations, ranging from mild respiratory distress to acute right-heart failure and cardiovascular collapse. The standard of management of lifethreatening thrombotic events in neonates is not established. The options include use of anticoagulation therapy alone and addition of thrombolytics. We report a case of a neonate with symptomatic PA thrombosis successfully treated with recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (RTPA). A full term neonate male was born by normal vaginal delivery and had birth weight of 2,5 kg. Antenatal history was significant for gestational diabetes, arterial hypertension. In 6 hour after birth infant developed Streptococcus. agalacticae sepsis successfully treated with combination of ampicillin and gentamicin through the venous umbilical catheter. On day of life nine, the infant suddenly developed severe respiratory distress with severe hypoxemia (SpO2 37%), acute cyanosis with lethargy and poor perfusion. The patient was reassigned to NICU for high-frequency oscillation ventilation. Antishock therapy was started according to the accepted protocol. Echocardiography revealed a structurally normal heart. Right ventricle was dilated to 20mm, with the intraventricular septum bowing into the left ventricle. Right ventricular pressure was elevated to 60 mmHg. Floating thrombus was detected in the outflow tract of RV. It extended in the trunk of the PA (21mm x 4mm). (Fig. 1). The diagnosis of pulmonary thrombosis was made, and anticoagulation therapy with low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) was started. Infant's clinical status did not improve. The patient's condition was critical. It was decided to start thrombolytic therapy with RTPA (Tenecteplase “Metalyse”) 0,2 mg/kg. Dose was repeated after 6 hours. The follow-up echocardiogram after 6 hours showed thrombus size reduction from 21mm to 4,5 mm. PA pressure was near normal. Thrombolytic therapy was stopped and replaced with continuous intravenous heparin therapy for 72 hours followed by subcutaneous LMWH. Thrombolytic therapy complicated with the development of bilateral intraventricular hemorrhage. The formation of occlusive hydrocephaly was excluded by brain MRI. At the 30 day of life patient was discharged. Echocardiogram demonstrated completely dissolved thrombus with normalization of pulmonary pressure. Cranial ultrasound showed partial lysis of trombotic masses. Daily LMWH heparin was continued for 3 months. Genetic analysis showed homozygous polymorphisms in genes of inhibitor of the activator of a plazminogen (PAI-1) and a platelet collagen receptor. Follow up at the age of two years showed no residual or recurrent thrombus in the PA or other systemic vessels. His neurologic status now is normal. Conclusion: PA thrombosis is a rarely reported complication in neonates. Considering the potentially lethal nature of pulmonary embolism, pediatricians and neonatologists should maintain a high degree of suspicion for thrombotic events in infants with sudden inexplicable deterioration in cardiorespiratory status. In our case thrombolysis was a life-saving treatment. (Figure Presented).
Sexual dimorphism on aortic remodelling in rats offspring from diabetic mothers and the role of flaxseed oil in this effect; Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with aortic remodelling in the fetus, stimulating the development of cardiovascular diseases in adult life. However, studies suggest that the use of foods high in omega-3 fatty acid, such as flaxseed oil, may reverse this effect of metabolic programming. This study aimed at investigating whether the effects of diabetes in mothers are passed on to their offspring in a gender-specific manner and whether the flaxseed oil used during pregnancy and lactation reverses or not the possible negative effects of this programming. Diabetic female rats (n = 18) were mated and allocated into three groups (n = 6): high-fat group (HG); flaxseed oil group (FOG) and control group (CG) (nondiabetic rats) during pregnancy and lactation. On the 21st day, male and female pups were weaned on a standard diet until 180 days. Aorta histomorphometry was analysed. Intima-media layer thickness was larger in FOG than CG in male (+15%) and than HG in female (+13.7%). Male FOG (+11.5%) showed higher amount of elastic fibre than CG. Maternal intake of flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation of diabetic mothers program the offspring to increase aorta intima-media layer thickness in adulthood and preserves aorta elastic fibres deposition in male offspring.
Pregravid metabolic syndrome and risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancy: A preconception cohort study; Women with a history of adverse outcomes in pregnancy (including pre-term birth, delivery of a small-forgestational-age (SGA) infant, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes (GDM)) have a higher prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. However, it is not known if MetS precedes the index pregnancy in women who develop these outcomes. Thus, we sought to evaluate the impact of pre-gravid MetS on the risk of adverse outcomes in pregnancy. In this prospective preconception cohort study, 1183 newly-married women underwent systematic assessment of cardiovascular risk factors (anthropometry, blood pressure, lipids, glucose) and then were followed across a subsequent pregnancy for the outcomes of interest. The women were stratified into two groups based on the presence (n=49) or absence (n=1134) of pre-gravid MetS (harmonized definition). The groups did not differ in length of gestation (p=0.31) or infant birthweight (p=0.21). Of note, women with pre-gravid MetS were more likely to have a Caesarean delivery (61.4% vs. 38.6%, p=0.003). However, there were no differences between the groups in the incidence of pre-term delivery, SGA, LGA, preeclampsia or GDM (Table). In conclusion, the increased lifetime risk of MetS observed in women with a history of these adverse pregnancy outcomes does not necessarily manifest prior to their pregnancy.
Frequency of ambiguous genitalia in 14,177 newborns in Turkey; Context: Limited data are available on the exact incidence of disorders of sex development (DSD) with genital ambiguity at birth. Objective: To determine frequency of ambiguous genitalia in newborns. Design: Prospective multicenter study. Setting: Three tertiary care hospitals. Patients or Other Participants: All 14,177 babies born during the study period were included. Main Outcome Measures: All newborns were examined at birth; data on weeks of gestation, birth weight, and length were collected. A structured questionnaire was used for data collection. Quigley and Prader scales were used for phenotypic grading. Clinical and genetic investigations were performed. Results: Eighteen babies with ambiguous genitalia were found among 14,177 newborns (1.3/1000). Fifteen newborns had 46,XY DSD, one had 46,XX congenital adrenal hyperplasia, and one had 45,X/ 46,XY mixed gonadal dysgenesis. Karyotype analysis was not done in one baby who died in the neonatal period. The ratio of prematurity was higher in the DSD group (44% vs 11%; P < 0.001) and the ratio of small for gestational age was also higher in the DSD group (22% vs 5%; P = 0.007). Eight babies with DSD had mothers who had additional medical conditions, such as preeclampsia, depression, insulin resistance, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusion: The frequency of ambiguous genitalia was higher than in previous studies, but, as with any experiment, the finding should be met with caution because this study was conducted in tertiary care hospitals. In addition, lower birth weight in the DSD group supports the hypothesis that early placental dysfunction might be important in the etiology of male genital anomalies.
Techniques of monitoring blood glucose during pregnancy for women with pre-existing diabetes; Background There are a number of ways of monitoring blood glucose in women with diabetes during pregnancy, with self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) recommended as a key component of the management plan. No existing systematic reviews consider the benefits/ effectiveness of different techniques of blood glucose monitoring on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. The effectiveness of the various monitoring techniques is unclear. This review is an update of a review that was first published in 2014 and subsequently updated in 2017. Objectives To compare techniques of blood glucose monitoring and their impact on maternal and infant outcomes among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes. Search methods For this update, we searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth’s Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (1 November 2018), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs comparing techniques of blood glucose monitoring including SMBG, continuous glucose monitoring (CGM), automated telemedicine monitoring or clinic monitoring among pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (type 1 or type 2). Trials investigating timing and frequency of monitoring were also eligible for inclusion. RCTs using a cluster-randomised design were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results This review update includes a total of 12 trials (863) women (792 women with type 1 diabetes and 152 women with type 2 diabetes). The trials took place in Europe, the USA and Canada. Three of the 12 included studies are at low risk of bias, eight studies are at moderate risk of bias, and one study is at high risk of bias. Four trials reported that they were provided with the continuous glucose monitors free of charge or at a reduced cost by the manufacturer. Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) versus intermittent glucose monitoring, (four studies, 609 women) CGM may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (pre-eclampsia and pregnancy-induced hypertension) (risk ratio (RR) 0.58, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.39 to 0.85; 2 studies, 384 women; low-quality evidence), although it should be noted that only two of the four relevant studies reported data for this composite outcome. Conversely, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.65, 95% CI 0.39 to 1.08; 4 studies, 609 women, moderate-quality evidence). There was also no clear reduction in caesarean section (average RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.75 to 1.18; 3 studies, 427 women; I2 = 41%; moderate-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.84, 95% CI 0.57 to 1.26; 3 studies, 421 women; I2 = 70%; low-quality evidence) with CGM. There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality (RR 0.82, 95% CI 0.05 to 12.61, 71 infants, 1 study; low-quality evidence), or mortality or morbidity composite (RR 0.80, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.06; 1 study, 200 women) as the evidence was based on single studies of low quality. CGM appears to reduce neonatal hypoglycaemia (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.93; 3 studies, 428 infants). Neurosensory disability was not reported. Other methods of glucose monitoring For the following five comparisons, self-monitoring versus a different type of self-monitoring (two studies, 43 women); self-monitoring at home versus hospitalisation (one study, 100 women), pre-prandial versus post-prandial glucose monitoring (one study, 61 women), automated telemedicine monitoring versus conventional system (three studies, 84 women), and constant CGM versus intermittent CGM (one study, 25 women), it is uncertain whether any of the interventions has any impact on any of our GRADE outcomes (hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, caesarean section, large-for-gestational age) because the quality of the evidence was found to be very low. This was due to evidence largely being derived from single trials, with design limitations and limitations with imprecision (wide CIs, small sample sizes, and few events). There was not enough evidence to assess perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality and morbidity composite. Other important outcomes, such as neurosensory disability, were not reported in any of these comparisons. Authors’ conclusions Two new studies (406 women) have been incorporated to one of the comparisons for this update. Although the evidence suggests that CGM in comparison to intermittent glucose monitoring may reduce hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, this did not translate into a clear reduction for pre-eclampsia, and so this result should be viewed with caution. No differences were observed for other primary outcomes for this comparison. The evidence base for the effectiveness of other monitoring techniques analysed in the other five comparisons is weak and based on mainly single studies with very low-quality evidence. Additional evidence from large well-designed randomised trials is required to inform choices of other glucose monitoring techniques and to confirm the effectiveness of CGM.
Effects of mitochondrial disease/dysfunction on pregnancy: A retrospective study; A retrospective survey assessed the gynecologic, obstetric and fertility history of 103 women with mitochondrial disease (MD)/dysfunction (Md) aged 16 to 75 who had previously been pregnant. Most participants (34%) had a mitochondrial myopathy and there were 248 combined pregnancies with live deliveries (average 3.6 pregnancies/woman). In general, pregnancy in those with MD/Md appears to exacerbate some constitutional and neurological symptoms and may be more frequently associated with common obstetric complications, but this did not appear to result in worse pregnancy outcomes. Most women carried their pregnancy to term, but their neonates tended to have more congenital anomalies than expected.
Potential mechanisms of skeletal muscle insulin resistance in women with PCOS: a pilot study; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder affecting metabolic, reproductive and mental health. It has a prevalence of 12–21% in Australian women and is associated with increased risk of insulin resistance (IR), gestational diabetes, early onset type 2 diabetes (T2D), cardiovascular disease, stroke and obesity. IR is present in 85% of women with PCOS and is mechanistically linked to dysfunctional skeletal muscle, a major contributor to whole body glucose uptake. However, unlike in other obesity related diseases, little is known about which molecular mechanisms in skeletal muscle contribute to the aetiology of PCOS. Transforming Growth Factor (TGFβ) ligand has been linked to an impaired improvement of skeletal muscle insulin sensitivity in T2D patients following an exercise intervention. Furthermore, TGFβ has also been associated with increased fibrosis in reproductive tissue of women with PCOS, predisposing them to metabolic and reproductive dysfunction. In this pilot study, we have investigated the effects of TGFβ and the Anti-Müllerian hormone (AMH), a novel TGFβ superfamily ligand elevated in serum of women with PCOS, on cultured myotubes from 20 overweight women with PCOS and 10 lean healthy controls, as a causal factor of skeletal muscle IR in PCOS. Our preliminary data show that the treatment with TGFβ and especially with high levels of AMH (30 ng/ml) on myotubes from overweight women with PCOS negatively affects insulin signalling and glucose uptake via TGFβ signalling pathway compared to healthy lean controls. This suggests that these TGFβ superfamily ligands may play a role in the skeletal muscle IR in PCOS. These results contribute to a better understanding of the aetiology of IR in PCOS but still further investigation is warranted to determine how these factors interact with other clinical markers.
Metformin administration in pregnant high-fat fed rats improves metabolic function and adiposity; Background: Obesity is a global health epidemic, where 28% of pregnant Australian women are obese. Maternal obesity increases the risk of a complicated pregnancy, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and cardiovascular dysfunction, highlighting the need for pregnancy interventions to improve maternal and fetal health. The anti-diabetic drug metformin is considered safe to be administrated during pregnancy as a therapeutic for GDM. However, there is limited evidence of the effect metformin has in obese pregnancies. Methods: Five week old female Wistar-Kyoto rats were allocated to a Control or High-fat (HF) diet. Prior to and during pregnancy rats underwent physiological measurements to determine metabolic and cardiovascular health, with 24 h food intake measured. Rats allocated to HFD were allocated to receive metformin (300 mg/kg/day) or vehicle via oral gavage from gestation day 7 (E7-E18). At post-mortem (E20), fetal and placental weights were recorded and maternal tissues collected. Data were analysed by a one-way ANOVA. Results: Not surprisingly, HFD increased pre-pregnant weight gain (+9%) indicative of increased adiposity, which is likely attributed to increased energy consumption (+44%), with no changes in cardiometabolic health. Although Metformin reduced energy consumption (−30%) and improved adiposity to Control values, pregnancy weight gain was not different across groups. Metformin improved glucose tolerance to Control values with HFD-vehicle being intermediate and no changes in blood pressure. Metformin reduced fetal (female) and placental (male and female) weights compared to Control, however placental efficiency was not affected. Conclusion: We demonstrated that HFD consumption in rats resulted in glucose intolerance during pregnancy, which was resolved to chow rats with Metformin. These data highlight that Metformin has beneficial actions on maternal metabolic health and adiposity during pregnancy in overweight rats. Future studies are required to determine the impact this has on placental nutrient transportation and fetal development, which may impact long-term offspring health.
Significance of Obstetrical History with Future Cardiovascular Disease Risk; The maternal cardiovascular system undergoes profound changes to support the increasing demands of fetal growth during pregnancy. An accumulating body of evidence has shown that common pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, low birth weight, and preterm delivery, can be associated with future cardiovascular adverse events in mothers. Factors such as glucose metabolism, hyperlipidemia, inflammatory markers, and large- and small-vessel stiffness/functionality have been linked with these pregnancy conditions. Critically, there are no established guidelines to account for these maternal factors when considering future cardiovascular disease risk, one of the leading causes of female mortality. This article reviews the study of cardiovascular disease and pregnancy, and proposes possible connections that should spur future investigation in an area of medicine that requires significant research.
Cardiac Autonomic Function in Adults Born Preterm; Objective: To evaluate cardiac autonomic function in adults born preterm. Study design: We studied the association between prematurity and cardiac autonomic function using heart rate variability measurements in 600 adults (mean age of 23.3 years) from a geographically based cohort in Northern Finland. There were 117 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 207 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 276 born at term (≥37 weeks, controls). Autonomic function was analyzed by calculating time and frequency domain heart rate variability measurements using linear regression. Results: Compared with controls, the mean difference in root mean square of successive differences (indicating cardiac vagal activity) was −12.0% (95% CI −22.2%, −0.5%, adjusted for sex, age, source cohort, and season P =.04) for the early preterm group and −7.8% (−16.8%, 2.0%, P =.12) for the late preterm group. Mean differences with controls in low frequency power (indicating cardiac vagal activity, including some sympathetic- and baroreflex-mediated effects) were −13.6% (−26.7%, 1.8%, P =.08) for the early preterm group and −16.4% (−27.0%, −4.3%, P =.01) for the late preterm group. Mean differences in high frequency power (quantifying cardiac vagal modulation in respiratory frequency) were −19.2% (−36.6%, 2.9%, P =.09) for the early preterm group and −13.8% (−29.4%, 5.3%, P =.15) for the late preterm group. Differences were attenuated when controlled for body mass index and physical activity. Conclusions: Our results suggest altered autonomic regulatory control in adults born preterm, including those born late preterm. Altered autonomic regulatory control may contribute to increased cardiovascular risk in adults born preterm.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes: Impact on arterial wall layer thickness and stiffness in early childhood - RADIEL study six-year follow-up; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM)and maternal obesity are linked to weight gain in childhood and an increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. We assessed the effects of GDM and maternal obesity on arterial function and morphology in relation to body anthropometrics and composition in early childhood. Methods: We assessed body size and composition, blood pressure (BP), arterial morphology and stiffness in 201 pairs of obese mothers (pre-pregnancy BMI 30.7 ± 5.6 kg/m2, 96 with GDM)and their children at 6.1 years (SD 0.5). Results: Child BMI (z-score 0.45 ± 0.92; p < 0.001)and common carotid intima-media thickness (IMT, z-score 0.15 ± 0.75, p = 0.003)were increased compared with a healthy Finnish reference population. No associations with maternal GDM was found. Carotid IMT and pulse wave velocity were unrelated to child sex, anthropometrics, body composition, BP, as well as maternal anthropometrics and body composition. Carotid stiffness was independently predicted by second trimester fasting glucose. Child lean body mass was the strongest independent predictor for radial (RA), and brachial artery (BA)lumen diameter (LD)and BA IMT (LD: RA: r2 = 0.068, p < 0.001; BA: r2 = 0.108, p < 0.001; IMT: BA: r2 = 0.161, p < 0.001)and carotid LD (r2 = 0.066, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Children of obese mothers have increased BMI, blood pressure and carotid IMT suggesting a transgenerational effect of maternal obesity and clustering of cardiovascular risk factors in the population. Arterial dimensions were mainly predicted by child LBM, and not associated with maternal or child adiposity, or GDM. There was a weak association with maternal gestational fasting glucose and increased carotid artery stiffness.
LYMPHOCYTIC HYPOPHYSITIS: A CHALLENGE TO DIAGNOSE POSTPARTUM:; Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. A 32-year-old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. For 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. Her hypernatremia was first attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Glucose screening in pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular disease in women: a retrospective, population-based cohort study; Background: In studies to date, gestational diabetes has consistently been associated with an increased future risk of cardiovascular disease, irrespective of the antepartum screening protocol or diagnostic criteria by which gestational diabetes is diagnosed. We reasoned that the resultant heterogeneity in the severity of dysglycaemia in women with gestational diabetes suggests that the relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent cardiovascular disease probably extends into the non-diagnostic range. Thus, we hypothesised that glucose screening in pregnancy would identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who did not have gestational diabetes. Methods: We did a population-based cohort study using information from health-care administrative databases from the Ministry of Health and Long Term Care of Ontario (Canada). We identified all women in Ontario who had a 50 g oral glucose challenge test in pregnancy between 24 and 28 weeks gestation with a livebirth delivery between July 1, 2007, and Dec 31, 2015. Women who had a history of diabetes before pregnancy or had been previously hospitalised for cardiovascular disease were excluded. Women with a 1-h post-challenge plasma glucose concentration of 11·1 mmol/L or greater were considered to have gestational diabetes, as were women with a reading between 7·8 and 11·0 mmol/L inclusive for whom diabetes was recorded as a diagnosis on the delivery hospital record. The study population was divided into six groups based on the results of the glucose challenge test (≤4·8 mmol/L; 4·9–5·5 mmol/L; 5·6–6·2 mmol/L; 6·3–6·9 mmol/L; 7·0–7·9 mmol/L; and ≥8·0 mmol/L). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (a composite of hospitalisation for myocardial infarction, acute coronary syndrome, stroke, coronary artery bypass grafting, percutaneous coronary intervention, or carotid endarterectomy). All women were followed up from the index pregnancy until cardiovascular disease event, death, migration, or Sept 30, 2017, whichever came first. Findings: 259 164 women were identified as eligible for this study: 13 609 who had gestational diabetes, and 245 555 women without gestational diabetes. The women were followed up over a median 3·9 years (IQR 2·8–5·6) for the development of cardiovascular disease. Each 1 mmol/L increment in the glucose challenge test result was associated with a 13% higher risk of cardiovascular disease (after adjustment for age, ethnicity, income, and rurality, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 1·13, 95% CI 1·04–1·22). This relationship persisted after excluding women with gestational diabetes (1·14, 1·01–1·28). In women without gestational diabetes, those with an abnormal glucose challenge test result (≥7·8 mmol/L) and those with a result between 7·2 and 7·7 mmol/L had an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (HR 1·94, 95% CI 1·29–2·92; and 1·65, 0·99–2·76, respectively), compared with those with a result of 7·1 mmol/L or less (overall p=0·003). Interpretation: The relationship between gestational glycaemia and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease extends into the normoglycaemic range. Accordingly, glucose screening in pregnancy could identify future risk of cardiovascular disease in women who do not have gestational diabetes. Funding: None.
Indications contributing to the decreasing cesarean delivery rate at an academic tertiary center; Background: Evaluating trends in indications may identify targets to safely reduce the primary cesarean delivery rate. Objective: The purpose of this study was to examine physician-documented indications for cesarean delivery to identify specific factors that contribute to a decreasing cesarean delivery rate. Study Design: We analyzed rates of primary and repeat cesarean deliveries, which included indications for the procedure, among 22,265 live births at an academic tertiary center from 2009–2013. Time trends for each indication were modeled to estimate the absolute and cumulative annualized relative risk of cesarean delivery by indication over time and the relative contribution of each indication to the overall decrease in primary cesarean delivery rate. Results: From 2009–2013, the cesarean delivery rate decreased from 36.5–31.4%; 74% of the decrease was attributable to a decrease in primary cesarean deliveries, which decreased from 21.7–17.6%. Among documented indications for primary cesarean delivery, labor arrest, abnormal or indeterminate fetal heart rate, and preeclampsia decreased significantly over time (P<.001), whereas malpresentation, multiple gestation, maternal-fetal, macrosomia, and other obstetric and elective/maternal requests did not change (P>.05). Labor arrest was responsible for the largest proportion of the decrease in the primary cesarean delivery rate (44%), followed by abnormal or indeterminate fetal heart rate (23%) and preeclampsia (13%). Conclusion: Primary cesarean births accounted for 74% of the decreasing cesarean delivery rate. Reductions in the diagnosis of labor arrest and abnormal fetal heart rate led to a decreased cesarean delivery rate at a major academic institution. Contemporaneous changes in definitions of labor arrest and approaches to fetal monitoring that were adopted at our institution may have considerable effect on the cesarean delivery rate.
Prenatal diagnosis and management of congenital complete heart block; Congenital complete heart block (CCHB) is a life-threatening medical condition in the unborn fetus with insufficiently validated prenatal interventions. Maternal administration of medications aimed at decreasing the immune response in the fetus and beta-agonists intended to increase fetal cardiac output have shown only marginal benefits. Anti-inflammatory therapies cannot reverse CCHB, but may decrease myocarditis and improve heart function. Advances in prenatal diagnosis and use of strict surveillance protocols for delivery timing have demonstrated small improvements in morbidity and mortality. Ambulatory surveillance programs and wearable fetal heart rate monitors may afford early identification of evolving fetal heart block allowing for emergent treatment. There is also preliminary data suggesting a roll for prevention of CCHB with hydroxychloroquine, but the efficacy and safety is still being studied. To date, intrauterine fetal pacing has not been successful due to the high-risk invasive placement techniques and potential problems with lead dislodgement. The development of a fully implantable micropacemaker via a minimally invasive approach has the potential to pace fetal patients with CCHB and thus delay delivery and allow fetal hydrops to resolve. The challenge remains to establish accepted prenatal interventions capable of successfully managing CCHB in utero until postnatal pacemaker placement is successfully achieved.
Rate of serious adverse events associated with diazoxide treatment of patients with hyperinsulinism; Introduction: Diazoxide is the first line and only Federal Drug Agency approved pharmacological agent for the treatment of hyperinsulinism. Its use has increased over the years to include patients with various genetic forms of hyperinsulinism, perinatal stress hyperinsulinism and infants of diabetic mothers with more babies than ever being exposed to this therapy. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis of 194 patients with hyperinsulinism in our clinic and looked for those who had experienced serious adverse events (SAE) including pulmonary hypertension and neutropenia. We compared the rates of SAE in the different types of hyperinsulinism. Results: Out of 194 patients with hyperinsulinism, 165 (85.1%) were treated with diazoxide. There were 17 SAEs in 16 patients including 8 cases of pulmonary hypertension and 8 of neutropenia. These data show that overall the frequency of SAE associated with diazoxide use is 9.7%, but that those with perinatal stress hyperinsulinism have a much higher rate than those with genetic forms of hyperinsulinism (16.7 vs. 3.6%; p = 0.01). We also found diazoxide is associated with pulmonary hypertension (4.8% of patients treated). Although more patients with perinatal stress hyperinsulinism (7.6%) were affected than genetic hyperinsulinism (1.2%), the difference was not significant (p = 0.088). Conclusion: The rate of SAEs associated with (not necessarily caused by) diazoxide has been demonstrated. The rate of SAE in newborns with perinatal stress hyperinsulinism is significantly higher than that of otherwise healthy babies with genetic forms of hyperinsulinism, suggesting that caution should be used when prescribing diazoxide to this population. This information should help balance the risk benefit of treatment and provide guidance on screening for these complications in the population of treated patients.
Sex and gender-specific aspects in prediabetes and diabetes mellitus—clinical recommendations (Update 2019); Metabolic diseases dramatically affect the life of men and women from infancy up to old age in different and manifold ways and are a major challenge for the healthcare system. The treating physicians are confronted with the different needs of women and men in the clinical routine. Gender-specific differences affect screening, diagnostic and treatment strategies as well as the development of complications and mortality rates. Impairments in glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution and therefore the associated cardiovascular diseases, are greatly influenced by steroidal and sex hormones. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors play an important role in the development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at a younger age and at a lower body mass index (BMI) compared to women but women feature a dramatic increase in the risk of diabetes-associated cardiovascular diseases after the menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with a higher increase in vascular complications in women but a higher increase of cancer deaths in men. In women prediabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavorable changes in coagulation and higher blood pressure. Women with prediabetes and diabetes have a much higher relative risk for vascular diseases. Women are more often morbidly obese and less physically active but may have an even greater benefit in health and life expectation from increased physical activity than men. In weight loss studies men often showed a higher weight loss than women; however, diabetes prevention is similarly effective in men and women with prediabetes with a risk reduction of nearly 40%. Nevertheless, a long-term reduction in all cause and cardiovascular mortality was so far only observed in women. Men predominantly feature increased fasting blood glucose levels, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) as well as increased androgen levels in women and the presence of erectile dysfunction or decreased testosterone levels in men are important sex-specific risk factors for the development of diabetes. Many studies showed that women with diabetes reach their target values for HbA1c, blood pressure and low-density lipoprotein (LDL)-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons are unclear. Furthermore, sex differences in the effects, pharmacokinetics and side effects of pharmacological treatment should be taken more into consideration.
Significant infrarenal aortic stenosis in pregnancy: A case report; Background: Hypertension is common in pregnant women presenting with aortic coarctation or Takayasu's arteritis. Uncontrolled hypertension leads to increased adverse maternal and neonatal events. Case presentation: A 36-year-old gravida 2, para 1 Caucasian woman presented at 9 weeks of gestation with headaches but normal blood pressure. She had a past medical history of an in vitro fertilization pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia at 27 weeks of gestation (birth weight 1900 g) and infrarenal aortic stenosis. In the current pregnancy, she received aspirin and calcium as preeclampsia prophylaxis, remained normotensive throughout pregnancy, and was delivered by elective cesarean section at 37 weeks without complications. Conclusions: This case demonstrates a significant chronic aortopathy in pregnancy with normal fetal growth and uterine blood flow through collateral supply from the internal mammary and epigastric arteries.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and long-term risk of maternal renal disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis protocol; Introduction Adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), gestational diabetes (GDM) and preterm birth have been linked to maternal cardiovascular disease in later life. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with an increased risk of postpartum microalbuminuria, but there is no clear consensus on whether HDP increases the risk of maternal chronic kidney disease (CKD) and end-stage kidney disease (ESKD). Similarly, it is uncertain whether GDM, preterm birth and delivery of low birth-weight infants independently predict the risk of maternal renal disease in later life. The aims of this proposed systematic review and meta-analysis are to summarise the available evidence examining the association between adverse outcomes of pregnancy (HDP, GDM, preterm birth, delivery of low birth-weight infant) and later maternal renal disease and to synthesise the results of relevant studies. Methods and analysis A systematic search of PubMed, EMBASE and Web of Science will be undertaken using a detailed prespecified search strategy. Two authors will independently review the titles and abstracts of all studies, perform data extraction and appraise the quality of included studies using a bias classification tool. Original case-control and cohort studies published in English will be considered for inclusion. Primary outcomes of interest will be CKD and ESKD; secondary outcomes will be hospitalisation for renal disease and deaths from renal disease. Meta-analyses will be performed to calculate the overall pooled estimates using the generic inverse variance method. The systematic review will follow the Meta-analyses Of Observational Studies in Epidemiology guidelines. Ethics and dissemination This systematic review and meta-analysis will be based on published data, and thus there is no requirement for ethics approval. The results will be shared through publication in a peer reviewed journal and through presentations at academic conferences.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors and disease in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas in the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL); To compare cardiovascular risk and disease prevalence in U.S. Hispanics/Latinas with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cross-sectional data from 2008 to 2011 were analyzed for 8,262 (305 with GDM history) parous women, aged 20-73 years, from the Hispanic Community Health Study/Study of Latinos (HCHS/SOL). Women with and without a history of GDM were compared on sociodemographic, cardiovascular risk factor, and disease data from standardized interviews and fasting blood tests, using chi-square tests, t-tests, and logistic regressions to determine odds ratios (ORs) and 95 percent confidence intervals (CIs). Adjusting for covariates, compared to those without a history of GDM, women with a history of GDM were younger (M = 39.1 years [95 percent CI = 37.8, 41.6] vs. 45.5 years [95 percent CI = 44.9, 46.1]) and more likely to have health insurance (68.1 percent [95 percent CI = 60.3 percent, 76.0 percent] vs. 54.9 percent [95 percent CI = 52.8 percent, 57.1 percent]), had greater waist circumference (M = 102.3 cm, [95 percent CI = 100.2, 104.3] vs. 98.1 cm [95 percent CI = 97.4, 98.5]) and higher fasting glucose (116.0 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 107.8, 124.3] vs. 104.2 mg/dL [95 percent CI = 103.4, 105.1]), and had higher odds of having metabolic syndrome (OR = 1.7 [95 percent CI = 1.2, 2.6]) or diabetes (OR = 3.3 [95 percent CI = 2.2, 4.8]). Prevalences of heart and cerebrovascular disease were similar. GDM history was positively associated with diabetes but not with cardiovascular disease.
Vascular remodeling and gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Vascular stiffness, which has proven prognostic value for future cardiovascular (CV) events, remains poorly understood in pregnant women. We aimed to evaluate the indices of vascular stiffness in nulliparous women when gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is diagnosed in them. Materials and methods: 48 primiparous women in the first half of pregnancy (mean age 28.2±2.4 l) were examined. Vascular stiffness of the aorta and brachial artery in combination with central blood pressure (CBP) was measured using the diagnostic complex of BPLab (Petr Telegin, Russia) on the basis of software Vasotens. Two groups were formed: group 1 consisted of women with physiological pregnancy (n=33); group 2 consisted of women whose pregnancy was complicated by development of GSD (n=18). The data was processed using the software package 'Statistica 10.0' (StatSoft Inc, USA). Results: It was found that in group of women with the presence of GDM compared with representatives of control group, the following changes were observed: the rate of the reverse pulse wave in aorta (PWVao) 9.7± 2.1 versus 11.1±2.5 m/s (P=0.05), the augmentation index of brachial artery (Aix) -49.0 ± 17.8 versus -52.5±11.6, and the augmentation index in aorta (AIxao) 3.7 ±13.2 versus 3.0 ±8.8. The values of peripheral and central systolic, diastolic and mean BP in both groups were almost the same. The average heart rate was 86 ±13.4 versus 82 ±13.1 beats per minute. Attention is also drawn to the decrease in the maximum rate of increase of BP (dP/dt) in women with the presence of GD compared with the control group ' 607,5±172,8 against 668,0±200,4 mm Hg/s combined with a slight increase in the ejection duration (ED) - 295,5±41,1 against 289,0± 56,1 ms and slight decrease in the index of amplification (PPA) - 143±23 against 150±31. But these differences also have not reached a reliable level. Summary: The data presented above show that even early DM in the form of its gestational variant of the course is already able to lead to certain pathological restructuring of the vascular wall. Moreover, such remodeling concerns different parts of the arterial tree, including the wall of the aorta and peripheral artery. These data are useful to consider when planning a program of management of pregnant women with GD.
Tocolytic induced pulmonary edema in a postpartum patient; Pulmonary edema occurs in only 0.08% of all pregnancies. Only a quarter of these cases are due to cardiac disease. The remaining cases occur due to tocolytic exposure, history of pre-eclampsia and fluid overload. We present a 33-year-old female who was G3P3003 (3 term births, 0 pre-term births, 0 abortions, 3 living children) status-post day 7 from a planned 39-week cesarean section who presented with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. Her recent pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes. Her dyspnea began 2 days after her surgery and progressively worsened. She denied cough, fevers and chills. Physical exam was significant for tachypnea, tachycardia and lower extremity pitting edema. Electrocardiogram showed sinus tachycardia with no ischemic changes. Negative labs included troponin, sputum cultures, influenza nucleic acid amplification and coxsackie titers. Echocardiogram showed a normal systolic function with no diastolic or valvular abnormalities. Chest x-ray showed bilateral interstitial edema. Computed tomography angiography of the chest showed diffuse ground glass opacities with subpleural sparing suggestive of pulmonary edema with no evidence of pulmonary embolism. On further chart review, it was noted that the patient was given magnesium sulfate (MgSO4) due to concern for post-partum pre-eclampsia. She was started on diuretics and placed on non-invasive ventilation (NIV). After 1 day, she was weaned off NIV and then discharged home on room air on hospital day 3.Pulmonary edema in pregnancy is quite rare. Risk factors for pulmonary edema in pregnancy include the use of tocolytic therapy, hypertension, multiple pregnancies, positive fluid balance during delivery and postpartum cardiomyopathy. In our case, the likely etiology was a combination of MgSO4 therapy and history of multiple gestation. Other tocolytics such as nifedipine and terbutaline have also been associated with development of pulmonary edema. The risk of tololytic induced pulmonary edema is increased when more than one agent is given together. For example, one study found higher odds ratio of developing pulmonary edema when nifedipine was given together with MgSO4 than either agent alone. Other studies have found an association between higher doses of tocolytics and development of pulmonary edema. The mean length of time from MgSO4 initiation to the development of pulmonary edema is 2 days. The mechanism of MgSO4 induced pulmonary edema remains unknown. This case highlights the complications associated with tocolytics. Drug induced pulmonary edema must remain in the differential in a patient with normal cardiac function.
Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Pregnancies with Long-term Corticosteroid Use: Retrospective Cohort Study; INTRODUCTION: Long-term corticosteroids is administered in pregnant patients with an array of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. Our objective is to determine whether long-term corticosteroid use is associated with increased maternal and neonatal adverse outcomes. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project - National Inpatient Sample from the United States. All pregnant patients on long-term corticosteroids were identified using International Statistical Classification of Disease-9 coding from 2003 to 2015. The effect of long-term corticosteroid use on maternal and neonatal outcomes was evaluated using logistic regression. RESULTS: Out of the 10,491,798 births included in our study 3,999 were on chronic steroids, for an overall prevalence of 38 per 100,000 births. There was a steady increase in chronic steroid use from 2 to 81 per 100,000 births over the 12-year study period (P<.0001). Women on chronic steroids were more likely to have pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, 1.61 (1.46-1.79) and preeclampsia, 2.50 (2.26-2.77). They were also more likely to have caesarean sections, 1.73 (1.62-1.84), premature preterm rupture of membranes, 2.29 (2.06-2.54), sepsis, 1.77 (0.66-4.73), venous thromboembolisms, 5.25 (4.12-6.69) and uterine rupture, 3.39 (2.10-5.46). Neonates born from mothers on chronic steroids were more likely to suffer from prematurity, 3.02 (2.79-3.28) and congenital malformations, 2.42 (1.88-3.12). CONCLUSION: Long-term corticosteroids use in pregnancy is associated with maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. These patients would benefit from close follow-up throughout their pregnancy to minimize complications.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with asthma; Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. Materials and methods:We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample (HCUP-NIS) database from 2003 to 2011. Among women who delivered during this time period, we compared pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes in asthmatics versus non-asthmatics. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Results: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant women, 223,236 (2.9%) had asthma. The prevalence of asthma-complicated pregnancies rose over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011 (p <.001). Pregnant asthmatics had more pre-existing health conditions, such as diabetes, chronic hypertension, obesity, and thyroid disease, and were more likely to smoke. Even after adjustment for these comorbidities, and other covariates, within statistical models, asthma was found to be associated with greater risk of several pregnancy complications: gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, placenta previa, preterm premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, chorioamnionitis, preterm delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, venous thromboembolism, caesarean section delivery, and maternal mortality. Neonates born to asthmatics had greater risk of being small for gestational age and for having congenital anomalies, and lower risk of intrauterine fetal death. Conclusions: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor, and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary hospital is advised.
Association Between Changes in Postpartum Weight and Waist Circumference and Changes in Cardiometabolic Risk Factors Among Women With Recent Gestational Diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a 30% to 70% risk for developing type 2 diabetes and are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease. Little is known about how anthropometric changes in the first postpartum year modify cardiometabolic risk factors. METHODS: We randomly assigned women in the Balance After Baby study to an intervention group consisting of participation in a web-based lifestyle program or to a control group in which no program was offered. We measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, insulin, adiponectin, interleukin-6, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and we conducted 2-hour oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. We evaluated whether women assigned to the intervention had improved cardiometabolic risk markers compared with the control group. We then conducted a post-hoc analysis, pooling the 2 groups to compare changes in weight and waist circumference with changes in cardiometabolic risk factors. RESULTS: Women in the intervention group did not significantly improve cardiometabolic risk markers compared with women in the control group. We noted a large overlap of weight change and change in waist circumference between groups. In our post-hoc analysis pooling groups, changes in diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were significantly correlated with changes in weight and waist circumference. The strongest associations were observed for fasting insulin, HOMA, and fasting glucose. CONCLUSION: Anthropometric changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent GDM may affect cardiometabolic risk factors, even in the first postpartum year. Our study demonstrates the importance of the postpartum year as an opportunity to decrease future risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with a history of GDM.
Trends in Incidence and Outcomes of Pregnancy-Related Acute Myocardial Infarction (From a Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database); Acute myocardial infarction (AMI) during pregnancy is rare but fatal complication. Recent incidence of pregnancy related AMI and trends in the related outcomes are unknown. The Nationwide Inpatient Sample database was utilized from years 2005 to 2014. International Classification of Disease-Ninth Revision were used to identify pregnancy related admissions and AMI. Primary outcome was incidence and trend of AMI related to pregnancy and Secondary outcomes were trends in mortality, resource utilization, and predictors of AMI during pregnancy. Simple logistic regression model was used to calculate predictors of AMI during pregnancy. p Values for trends were generated by Cochrane-Armitage test for categorical variables and simple linear regression for continuous variables. A total of 43,437,621 pregnancy related hospitalization and 3,786 cases of AMI (86% ante-partum and 14% postpartum) were noted during study period. The incidence of AMI during the study period was 8.7 per 100,000 pregnancies with an overall increase in incidence during the study period (relative increase of 18.9%, p <0.001). There was a concomitant decrease in mortality (relative decrease of 40.05%, p <0.001), cost of care (relative decrease of 8.70%, p <0.001), and length of stay (relative decrease of 13.53%, p <0.001). Significant predictors of AMI during pregnancy were higher age of pregnancy, black race, co-morbidities such as hypertension, thrombophilia, diabetes milletus, substance abuse, smoking, hyperlipidemia, heart failure, deep venous thrombosis, transfusion, fluid and electrolyte imbalance, and postpartum complications such as hemorrhage, infection, and depression. In conclusion, the incidence of AMI 2005 to 2014 rose with a concomitant decrease in mortality and resource utilization. High-risk patient characteristics were identified which could be utilized for resource allocation to further improve outcomes.
Early pulmonary vascular disease in preterm infants is associated with late respiratory outcomes in childhood; Rationale: Early pulmonary vascular disease (PVD) after preterm birth is associated with a high risk for developing bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), but its relationship with late respiratory outcomes during early childhood remains uncertain. Objectives: To determine whether PVD at 7 days after preterm birth is associated with late respiratory disease (LRD) during early childhood. Methods: This was a prospective study of preterm infants born before 34 weeks postmenstrual age (PMA). Echocardiograms were performed at 7 days and 36 weeks PMA. Prenatal and early postnatal factors and postdischarge follow-up survey data obtained at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months of age were analyzed in logistic regression models to identify early risk factors for LRD, defined as a physician diagnosis of asthma, reactive airways disease, BPD exacerbation, bronchiolitis, or pneumonia, or a respiratory-related hospitalization during follow-up. Measurements and Main Results: Of the 221 subjects (median, 27 wk PMA; interquartile range, 25-28 and 920 g; interquartile range, 770-1090 g) completing follow-up, 61% met LRD criteria. Gestational diabetes and both mechanical ventilator support and PVD at 7 days were associated with LRD. The combination of PVD and mechanical ventilator support at 7 days was among the strongest prognosticators of LRD (odds ratio, 8.1; confidence interval, 3.1-21.9; P < 0.001). Modeled prenatal and early postnatal factors accurately informed LRD (area under the curve, 0.764). Adding BPD status at 36 weeks PMA to the model did not change the accuracy (area under the curve, 0.771). Conclusions: Early echocardiographic evidence of PVD after preterm birth in combination with other perinatal factors is a strong risk factor for LRD, suggesting that early PVD may contribute to the pathobiology of BPD.
Metabolic programming in early life in humans; An association of low birth weight with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease and diabetes led to the developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) hypothesis, which proposes that undernutrition during early development permanently 'programmes' organ structure and metabolism, leading to vulnerability to later cardio-metabolic disease. High birth weight caused by maternal gestational diabetes is also associated with later diabetes, suggesting that fetal over-nutrition also has programming effects. Post-natal factors (excess weight gain/obesity, smoking, poor diets and physical inactivity) interact with fetal exposures to increase disease risk. Animal studies have shown permanent metabolic effects in offspring after alterations to maternal or early post-natal diets but evidence in humans is largely limited to observational and quasi-experimental situations such as maternal famine exposure. Randomized trials of maternal nutritional interventions during pregnancy have so far had limited follow-up of the offspring. Moreover, interventions usually started after the first trimester and therefore missed key peri-conceptional or early pregnancy events such as epigenetic changes, placentation and fetal organogenesis. Recent and ongoing trials intervening pre-conceptionally and powered for long-term offspring follow-up will address these issues. While current preventive strategies for cardio-metabolic disease focus on high-risk individuals in mid-life, DOHaD concepts offer a 'primordial' preventive strategy to reduce disease in future generations by improving fetal and infant development. This article is part of the theme issue 'Developing differences: early-life effects and evolutionary medicine'.
Obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome in patients living with diabetes: Which patients should be screened?; Aim: Because type 2 diabetes (T2D) is related to obesity, it is often associated with obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), although OSAS is also frequently diagnosed in patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D) and may promote gestational diabetes. Thus, this systematic review of the scientific evidence aimed to evaluate the epidemiological association between OSAS and all forms of diabetes, the current understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms behind these associations, the expected benefits and limitations of OSAS treatment in patients with diabetes and, finally, to propose which patients require screening for OSAS. Methods: A panel comprising French expert endocrinologists and pneumologists was convened. Two of these experts made a search of the relevant literature for each subpart of the present report; all panel experts then critically reviewed the entire report separately as well as collectively. Results: There is little evidence to support the notion that OSAS treatment improves glycated haemoglobin, although it may improve nighttime blood glucose control and insulin sensitivity. However, there is robust evidence that OSAS treatment lowers 24-h blood pressure. Conclusion: The high prevalence of OSAS in patients with T1D and T2D justifies screening for the syndrome, which should be based on clinical symptoms, as the benefits of OSAS treatment are mainly improvement of symptoms related to sleep apnoea. There are also several clinical situations wherein screening for OSAS seems justified in patients with diabetes even when they have no symptoms, particularly to optimalize control of blood pressure in cases of resistant hypertension and microvascular complications.
The role of optimum diabetes care in form of Ramadan focused diabetes education, flash glucose monitoring system and pre-Ramadan dose adjustments in the safety of Ramadan fasting in high risk patients with diabetes; Background: Physiology of intermittent and prolonged fasting is known from healthy subjects. Evidence on high and very high-risk groups is lacking. The anticipated risks include hypoglycemia, hyperglycemia, dehydration and thrombosis. Education, pre-Ramadan doses adjustment, and glucose monitoring devices (Optimum diabetes care in Ramadan)is expected to lower this risk. Aims: We aimed to assess the value of optimum care in diabetes management during Ramadan on the metabolic parameters of high risk patients with diabetes. Moreover, we wanted to assess and understand the safety of fasting in this group. Methods: This is a prospective interventional study. Patient with high-risk diabetes who insisted on fasting. High risk patients defined as any one with type 1 or type 2 diabetes on insulin, Gestational diabetes, stage 3 kidney disease, and having history of ischemic heart disease. All patients received a Freestyle Libre continuous glucose monitoring device, and was offered to attend the clinic at any time during the study, this collectively defined as optimum diabetes care during Ramadan. Biometric (Weight, height, Blood pressure)and biochemical (Glycosylated hemoglobin A, Lipids profile, creatinine, and estimated glomerular filtration rate)were reported within 4–6 weeks before and after Ramadan. Results: Total of 169 patients were. Majority were females 54.4% (n = 92). There was a remarkable improvement in glycemic control from 7.6 + 1.2 to 7.3 + 1.2 percent (p = 0.00). Serum creatinine showed a negligible change at the end of the study from 0.81 + 0.3 to 0.82 + 0.2 mg/dl). Only total cholesterol worsened significantly (p = 0.02).
Lactation and maternal cardiovascular disease risk in later life; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. The identification of protective factors against cardiovascular disease is important with regard to public health policies. Lactation has multiple beneficial effects for both mother and child. This review summarizes the evidence on the association between lactation and maternal cardiovascular risk in later life. Lactation may help to reverse the metabolic and cardiovascular changes that take place during pregnancy. Overall, lactation seems to exert a protective effect against the development of hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and diabetes, whilst data on postpartum weight and lipidemic profile are less conclusive. Both subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease are negatively associated with a history of lactation. Increased energy expenditure and a favorable hormonal and adipokine profile during lactation may explain these associations.
Dyslipidemia in pregnancy and maternal-fetal outcome; Hyperlipidemia is a known cause of atherosclerosis and directly contributes to the current epidemic in cardio-vascular disease. Pregnancy is typified by an increase in serum levels of total cholesterol and triglycerides pushed by the rise in estrogen, progesterone and lactogen. Mobilization of stored fat depots in late pregnancy may provide a reservoir of fatty acids for fetal growth and placental tissue steroid synthesis. This physiologic increase in lipids performs an essential role during pregnancy; however, elevated levels of lipids in predisposed women or with familiar forms of hyperlipidemia can carry increased risk for maternal-fetal complications. The present treatment of pregnant women with hyperlipidemia is the suspension of medications. However, hyperlipidemia during pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia, preterm birth and gestational diabetes and offspring of these mothers show a propensity to enhanced fatty streak formation and an increased risk of progressive atherosclerosis. This current evidence may motivate the further study on the potential benefits of treatment of hyperlipidemia in pregnancy and its effects on maternal-fetal outcomes.
Knowledge and perceptions about pre-diabetes amongst doctors, medical students, and patients in a tertiary care hospital of Islamabad; Objective: To explore the knowledge and perceptions about pre-diabetes screening and management amongst physicians, final year medical students and patients. Method: The cross-sectional observational study was conducted at Shifa International Hospital, Shifa Foundation Clinic and Shifa College of Medicine, Islamabad, Pakistan, from November 2017 to February 2018. A structured questionnaire was used to assess doctors' and final year medical students' knowledge about screening and management of pre-diabetes. A group of patients were also interviewed about pre-diabetes awareness and their primary resources for health-related information. Data was analysed using SPSS 23. Results: Of the 267 participants, there were 85(32%) doctors, 82(31%) medical students and 100(37%) patients. Only 61(71.8%), 44(51.7%) and 34(39.8%) physicians and 53(64.6%), 30(36.5%) and 26(31.6%) students could accurately identify impaired fasting blood glucose, glycated haemoglobin and impaired glucose tolerance criteria for pre-diabetes, respectively. Regarding risk factors for pre-diabetes screening, ethnicity, cardiovascular diseases and gestational diabetes were identified by 8(9.4%), 6(7.1%) and 9(10.6%) physicians and 10(12.2%), 6(7.3%) and 15(18.3%) students, respectively. There was no statistically significant relation of correct identification of pre-diabetes criteria with specialties, designations and years of experience post-qualification (p>0.5). Only 3(3%) patients were aware of pre-diabetes or borderline diabetes. Conclusion: Knowledge and perception of doctors, medical students and patients about pre-diabetes was found to be deficient. Efforts are required to reinforce its identification and management at all levels.
The diagnosis of early fetal cardiac changes of the gestational diabetic mothers: Presenting the preload index; Objectives: To evaluate fetal cardiac changes in gestational diabetic mothers, compared to healthy ones by means of different indices and to determine which index can first represent the alterations. Methods: The study was conducted as an observational cross-sectional study, including 25 pregnant women with gestational diabetes as the cases and 50 healthy pregnant women as the controls. The preload index, left and right side myocardial performance index (MPI), Interventricular septal hypertrophy, the left and right side cardiac output were assessed in all the patients. Results: The gestational ages were 31.65 ± 8.02 and 31.64 ± 5.37 weeks in case and control group respectively, without any significant difference. Both of the left and right ventricular MPI did not differ statistically between the case and controls. The cases had a greater Interventricular septal hypertrophy but the cardiac output was similar. The preload index was higher in the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers. Conclusions: In our study, the MPI did not show any difference between the fetuses of the gestational diabetic mothers and non-diabetic ones; but, fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers had a greater value of PLI, representing early diastolic function changes in right heart even before the overt heart failure occurred. This could be a sign of vasculopathy in gestational diabetic mothers.
Maternal cardiovascular risk assessment 3-to-11 years postpartum in relation to previous occurrence of pregnancy-related complications; The aim of the present study was to assess the long-term outcomes of women 3-to-11 years postpartum in relation to the previous occurrence of pregnancy-related complications such as gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE) and fetal growth restriction (FGR). Body mass index (BMI), waist circumference values, the average values of systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressures and heart rate, total serum cholesterol levels, serum HDL (high-density lipoprotein) cholesterol levels, serum LDL (low-density lipoprotein) cholesterol levels, serum triglycerides levels, serum lipoprotein A levels, serum CRP (C-reactive protein) levels, plasma homocysteine levels, serum uric acid levels, individual and relative risks of having a heart attack or stroke over the next ten years were compared between groups (50 GH, 102 PE, 34 FGR and 90 normal pregnancies) and correlated with the severity of the disease with regard to clinical signs (25 PE without severe features, 77 PE with severe features), and delivery date (36 early PE, 66 late PE). The adjustment for potential covariates was made, where appropriate. At 3–11 years follow-up women with a history of GH, PE regardless of the severity of the disease and the delivery date, PE without severe features, PE with severe features, early PE, and late PE had higher BMI, waist circumferences, SBP, DBP, and predicted 10-year cardiovascular event risk when compared with women with a history of normotensive term pregnancy. In addition, increased serum levels of uric acid were found in patients previously affected with GH, PE regardless of the severity of the disease and the delivery date, PE with severe features, early PE, and late PE. Higher serum levels of lipoprotein A were found in patients previously affected with early PE. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses were able to identify a substantial proportion of women previously affected with GH or PE with a predisposition to later onset of cardiovascular diseases. Women with a history of GH and PE represent a risky group of patients that may benefit from implementation of early primary prevention strategies.
A cross-sectional study of coagulation parameters in normal and high risk pregnancy; To asses coagulation parameters Prothrombin time, Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time, Thrombin Time, D-dimer in pregnant women. A cross sectional study of 282 patients attending antenatal outpatient department at AIIMS, New Delhi were recruited. Among the 282 subjects, 251 were pregnant and 31 were controls. Plasma was tested for coagulation parameters Prothrombin time (PT), Activated Partial Thromboplastin Time (aPTT), Thrombin Time (TT), D-dimer using Sysmex CA-1500 automated coagulation analyser. The study included 282 women of which 31 were non pregnant while 251 were pregnant. The value of PT was within the normal range (10-12 seconds) during all the three trimesters, while it was on the lower side of normal in the third trimester. The value of APTT was within the normal range (24-40 seconds) during all the three trimesters, however the value was highest during the second trimester. The value of TT was within the normal range (15-23 seconds) during first and third trimester while the second trimester showed marginal rise in the value. D-dimer was normal (<0.5microg/ml) in the second trimester while the first and third trimester showed increased value. Normal pregnancy causes an alteration in coagulation with prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, Thrombin time which asses the extrinsic, intrinsic and common coagulation pathway respectively were within the normal limits throughout pregnancy while D-dimer an assay of fibrin degradation products showed higher values during the first and the third trimester.
Treatment of two mitochondrial disease patients with a combination of febuxostat and inosine that enhances cellular ATP; Since mitochondria are energy-generating micro-organisms, most of the disorders in patients with mitochondrial diseases (mt-disease) are considered secondary to defects in ATP synthesis, although some other factors such as reactive oxygen species may be involved. A simultaneous oral administration of febuxostat and inosine was reported to elevate both hypoxanthine and ATP levels in peripheral blood. Based on those results, we attempted co-administration of febuxostat and inosine in two patients with mitochondrial disease: one patient with mitochondrial cardiomyopathy and the other patient with mitochondrial diabetes. In the former case, brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), which is a specific marker for heart failure, was decreased by 31%, and in the latter case, the insulinogenic index increased 3.1 times, suggesting the favorable action of the treatment. Considering that there is no effective treatment available for this disorder, the present therapy may be quite useful for the management of patients with mitochondrial diseases.
39th Annual David W. Smith Workshop on Malformations and Morphogenesis: Abstracts of the 2018 Annual Meeting; The 39th Annual David W. Smith workshop on Malformations and Morphogenesis was held from August 24th-29th 2018 at the Banff Centre for Arts and Creativity, Banff, Alberta, Canada. The Workshop, which honors the legacy of David W. Smith, brought together clinicians and researchers from around the world interested in congenital malformations and their underlying mechanisms of morphogenesis in this addition to this year's five themes: phenotypes and phenotyping of known, novel and emerging syndromes; treatment; epigenetics and chromatin disorders; placenta; and, gene–environment interaction. This Conference Report includes the abstracts presented at the 2018 Workshop.
Is the child at risk? Cardiovascular remodelling in children born to diabetic mothers; Objective: The objective of this study was to assess differences in myocardial systolic and diastolic function and vascular function in children 2-5 years of age born to diabetic as compared to non-diabetic mothers.Methods: This study was a retrospective cohort conducted in 2016 at The Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi, Pakistan. It included children between 2 and 5 years of age born to mothers with and without exposure to diabetes in utero (n = 68 in each group) and who were appropriate for gestational age. Myocardial morphology and function using echocardiogram and carotid intima media thickness (cIMT) and pulse wave velocity was performed to evaluate cardiac function as well as macrovascular remodelling in these children. Multiple linear regression was used to compare the groups.Results: There was no significant difference in cardiac morphology, myocardial systolic and diastolic function, and macrovascular assessment between the exposed and unexposed groups of AGA children. Subgroup analysis demonstrated a significantly decreased mitral E/A ratio in children whose mothers were on medications as compared to those on dietary control (median [IQR] = 1.7 [1.6-1.9] and 1.56 [1.4-1.7], respectively, p = 0.02), and a higher cIMT in children whose mothers were on medication as compared to controls (0.48 [0.44-0.52] and 0.46 [0.44-0.50], respectively, p = 0.03).Conclusion: In utero exposure to uncontrolled maternal diabetes has an effect on the cardiovascular structure and function in children aged 2-5 years. However, future work requires long-term follow-up from fetal to adult life to assess these changes over the life course.
Hypertension in pregnancy: Pathophysiology and treatment; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, an umbrella term that includes preexisting and gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and eclampsia, complicate up to 10% of pregnancies and represent a significant cause of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Despite the differences in guidelines, there appears to be consensus that severe hypertension and non-severe hypertension with evidence of end-organ damage need to be controlled; yet the ideal target ranges below 160/110 mmHg remain a source of debate. This review outlines the definition, pathophysiology, goals of therapy, and treatment agents used in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy.
Predictors of Cranial Ultrasound Abnormalities in Intrauterine Growth-Restricted Fetuses Born between 28 and 34 Weeks of Gestation: A Prospective Cohort Study; Background: Doppler parameters have been commonly used for the prediction of neonatal outcomes. However, controversies exist with regard to the value of Doppler parameters in predicting the risk of neurological outcomes among neonates. Objective: This prospective cohort study attempted to assess the value of Doppler parameters in predict ing cranial ultrasound abnormalities (CUAs) in intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) among fetuses at 28-34 weeks of gestation. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study of 83 delivered IUGR fetuses and 75 control fetuses matched for gestational age (GA). The value of mentioned Doppler parameters and GA in predicting the risk of CUAs, including periventricular leukomalacia (PVL), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), and basal ganglia lesions (BGLs), was analyzed. Results: The incidence of CUAs among IUGR fetuses (66.3%) was significantly higher (p < 0.001) than in the control group (40%). The incidence of neonatal mortality among IUGR fetuses was significantly higher (p < 0.001) than in the control group. Absent or reversed end-diastolic velocity (AREDV) in the umbilical artery (UA) and the ductus venosus (DV) after adjustment for GA was associated with increased odds of IVH, PVL, BGLs, and any CUA. Conclusions: GA at birth and AREDV in the UA and the DV within 1 week before childbirth were reliable predictors of CUAs during the neonatal period.
Diabetes in pregnancy in associations with perinatal and postneonatal mortality in First Nations and non-Indigenous populations in Quebec, Canada: Population-based linked birth cohort study; Objective Both pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM, GDM) occur more frequently in First Nations (North American Indians) pregnant women than their non-Indigenous counterparts in Canada. We assessed whether the impacts of PGDM and GDM on perinatal and postneonatal mortality may differ in First Nations versus non-Indigenous populations. Design A population-based linked birth cohort study. Setting and participants 17 090 First Nations and 217 760 non-Indigenous singleton births in 1996-2010, Quebec, Canada. Main outcome measures Relative risks (RR) of perinatal and postneonatal death. Perinatal deaths included stillbirths and neonatal (0-27 days of postnatal life) deaths; postneonatal deaths included infant deaths during 28-364 days of life. Results PGDM and GDM occurred much more frequently in First Nations (3.9% and 10.7%, respectively) versus non-Indigenous (1.1% and 4.8%, respectively) pregnant women. PGDM was associated with an increased risk of perinatal death to a much greater extent in First Nations (RR=5.08[95% CI 2.99 to 8.62], p<0.001; absolute risk (AR)=21.6 [8.6-34.6] per 1000) than in non-Indigenous populations (RR=1.76[1.17, 2.66], p=0.003; AR=4.2[0.2, 8.1] per 1000). PGDM was associated with an increased risk of postneonatal death in non-Indigenous (RR=3.46[1.71, 6.99], p<0.001; AR=2.4[0.1, 4.8] per 1000) but not First Nations (RR=1.16[0.28, 4.77], p=0.35) infants. Adjusting for maternal and pregnancy characteristics, the associations were similar. GDM was not associated with perinatal or postneonatal death in both groups. Conclusions The study is the first to reveal that PGDM may increase the risk of perinatal death to a much greater extent in First Nations versus non-Indigenous populations, but may substantially increase the risk of postneonatal death in non-Indigenous infants only. The underlying causes are unclear and deserve further studies. We speculate that population differences in the quality of glycaemic control in diabetic pregnancies and/or genetic vulnerability to hyperglycaemia's fetal toxicity may be contributing factors.
Asymmetric Septal Hypertrophy in Appropriate for Gestational Age Infants Born to Diabetic Mothers; Objective: To compare the frequency of asymmetric septal hypertrophy in appropriate for gestational age infants born to diabetic mothers with those born to non-diabetic mothers. Methods: We compared 38 full term infants born to diabetic mothers with 85 full term infants of non-diabetic mothers. 2-D echocardiography was obtained in the first 24 hours after birth. Results: Asymmetric septal hypertrophy was only present in infants born to diabetic mothers (50% vs. 0%; P<0.001). Intraventricular septum thickness and intraventricular septum/ posterior wall of the left ventricle ratio was also significantly higher in the first group (P<0.001). We found no correlation between mother´s glycated hemoglobin levels and intraventricular septum thickness in newborns. Conclusions: Asymmetric septal hypertrophy is a common finding in infants born to diabetic mothers, even if they are appropriate for gestational age.
Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study: An observational study of long-term health consequences of gestational diabetes, their determinants and underlying mechanisms in the USA and Denmark; Purpose Women who experience gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at exceptionally high-risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. However, limited information is available about genetic and environmental factors that are implicated in the progression from GDM to T2DM. Participants The Diabetes & Women's Health (DWH) Study applied a hybrid design, which combined new prospective data collection with existing data in two prospective cohorts, the Danish National Birth Cohort (DNBC) and the Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II). In total, the DWH Study identified 7759 women with a GDM diagnosis from both cohorts; 4457 women participated in the DWH Study data collection, which included two cycles of follow-up from 2012 to 2014 and 2014 to 2016. Findings to date Progression from GDM to T2DM was high. In the NHS II group, by 2013, 23.1% (n=846/3667) developed T2DM. In the DNBC group, at cycle 1 (2012-2014), the progression rate was even higher: 27.2% (n=215/790) had developed T2DM. Furthermore, we have shown that women who had GDM experienced a significantly greater risk of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases, as well as early stages of glomerular hyperfiltration and renal damage. Moreover, the DWH Study findings have shown that healthful diet and lifestyle factors and weight control were related to a lower risk of T2DM, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. Future plans Primary data collection for the DWH Study is complete and investigators are currently investigating interactions of the abovementioned modifiable factors with T2DM genetic susceptibility in determining the risk of progression from GDM to T2DM. Findings from ongoing work will provide further insights for identifying more precise prevention strategies for T2DM and comorbidities in this high-risk population. Future work will examine novel biomarkers of health and disease in this cohort.
Effects of physical exercise, during pregnancy, on cardiac mitochondrial function in a rodent model of high-fat high-sugar diet-induced gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational Diabetes (GD) affects 5%-10% of pregnancies, characterized by increased insulin resistance and mild hyperglycaemia, rising the risk of developing type 2 diabetes (T2D). Cardiac diseases are frequent T2D complications, involving mitochondrial-related dysfunction, which is counteracted by physical-exercise (E). Whether E during pregnancy influences cardiac mitochondrial during GD is not completely understood. Methods: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with control-diet (C) or high-fat- high- sugar- diet (HFHS) and distributed as follows: non-pregnant or pregnant (NP/P) control (C) or HFHS diet, sedentary (S) or E. Mothers (19-weeks- old) were sacrificed seven-weeks after weaning. Body, heart weights and blood glucose were evaluated. Cardiac mitochondria oxygen consumption and membrane potential were measured with a Clark-type and TPP+-electrode, respectively. Results: HFHS or E caused no significant alterations in maternal weight, even during pregnancy. Also, no significant differences between groups were found in heart mass. Oral glucose tolerance tests showed no significant differences between HFHS and C groups before pregnancy. However, after becoming pregnant, HFHS (n = 7) increased ∼20% glucose levels, when compared with C (n = 9). Regarding mitochondrial bioenergetics, a ∼35% increase in state 2 respiration was observed in pregnant-HFHS- exercised (P-HFHS- E, n = 6) when compared with pregnant-HFHS- S (P-HFHS- S, n = 6). P-HFHS- E exhibited decreased uncoupled respiration and increased ADP phosphorylation lag phase, when compared with P-C- S animals (n = 3). Also, a ∼40% lower respiratory control ratio in non-pregnant- HFHS- exercised animals (NP-HFHS- E, n = 3) was observed, which resulted from higher basal state (∼30%) and reduced ADP-induced phosphorylation with increased phosphorylative lag phase (∼20%), and ∼40% increase in ADP-induced depolarization, vs NP-C- S (n = 5). Moreover, NP-HFHS- E group showed ∼30% lower uncoupled respiration vs NP-C- S. Conclusions: HFHS and E, isolated or combined, resulted in altered cardiac mitochondrial function, exacerbated by pregnancy.
Cardiac mitochondrial function in the offspring of sedentary and exercised mothers with gestational diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance and hyperglycemia with first onset during pregnancy. Prevalence of GDM has steadily increased and the offspring (F1) of GDM mothers are likely to develop metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Our objective is to test whether GDM mothers subjected to a protocol of physical exercise (E) breed F1 with a more robust mitochondrial function compared with F1 from sedentary mothers. Methods: Female Sprague-Dawley rats were fed with control diet (C) or high-fat- high- sugar (HFHS) diet to induce GDM. Some GDM specimens were subjected to E during pregnancy. Body weight and blood glucose were used to assess GDM. The F1 cardiac mitochondria oxygen consumption and membrane potential were measured with a Clark-type and TPP + -electrode. Results: The diet-based protocol adequately mimics some GDM metabolic disturbances. In comparison to control animals, HFHS females exhibited alterations in body weight gain (∼11% more) and glucose tolerance (∼20% more) only when pregnant. HFHS mothers bred larger litters (∼1.3-fold), with F1 showing an increased body weight at weaning (∼22% more in HFHS, ∼8% more in HFHS-E). No differences were observed in cardiac mitochondrial function between 6-weeks- old F1 from C and HFHS. However, cardiac mitochondria from 6-weeks- old HFHS-E F1 showed increased oxygen consumption linked to ATP production, when compared to sedentary groups. In F1 from sedentary HFHS mothers, ADP-induced mitochondrial depolarization significantly increased with age (∼44% increase from 6 to 16 weeks). Conclusions: Understanding lifetime mitochondrial cardiac metabolism from GDM offspring is critical for appreciating the consequences of this condition. The E during pregnancy can modulate offspring mitochondrial cardiac function and counteract GDM effects.
Reduced pro-angiogenic function of cord blood endothelial colony-forming cells in hyperglycaemia is mediated by Nox4; Endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs) are an endothelial progenitor cell (EPC) subtype which can be isolated from umbilical cord blood (CBECFCs) and possess great therapeutic potential for ischaemic cardiovascular disease. Emerging evidence indicates that CB-ECFCs are sensitive to hyperglycaemia, e.g. gestational diabetes, and that their angiogenic function is regulated byNADPH oxidase (NOX)-derived reactive oxygen species (ROS). The aim of this study was therefore to investigate the specific influence of CB-ECFC NOX-dependent ROS signalling in experimental diabetes. CB-ECFCs were cultured in high glucose (HG, 25 mmol/L) or normal glucose (NG, 5.5 mmol/L) for 72 h. HG treatment increased CB-ECFC ROS generation (DHE fluorescence: NG 35.3 ± 1.9, HG63.1 ± 2.2; n ≥ 3, P < 0.001) whilst reducing tube formation (Matrigel assay) under both basal conditions (tube length: NG 11990 ± 530, HG 9631 ± 244; n = 3, P < 0.05) and after PMA (500 nmol/L) stimulation (tube length: NG+PMA 10,968 ± 125, HG+PMA 6349 ± 336; n ≥ 5, P < 0.01). Furthermore, upregulation of antioxidant (e.g. HMOX1) and NOX4 mRNA (qRT-PCR) was observed in PMA-treated CB-ECFCs in NG, but this response was lost in HG, indicating a key role for NOXderived ROS. Indeed, NOX4 overexpression (OE) rescued the proangiogenic response of CB-ECFCs to PMA in HG, as indicated by increased tubulogenesis versus empty vector (EV) control (tube length (all HG): EV+vehicle 8104 ± 136, EV+PMA 7454 ± 141, OE+vehicle 9435 ± 420, OE+PMA 12212 ± 718; n = 3, P < 0.001). Taken together, these data indicate that CB-ECFC dysfunction in hyperglycaemia is mediated by reduced NOX4 signalling, thus highlighting this major NOX isoform as a viable target to enhance the reparative capacity of CB-ECFCs in diabetes, thereby increasing their potential for treatment of ischaemic cardiovascular disease.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes associations with offspring body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood-radiel study follow-up; Introduction: Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes (GDM) are linked with offspring long-term cardiovascular disease. Fetal programming is hypothesized as an underlying mechanism. We aimed to investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and GDM on child body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood. Methods: This observational follow-up study includes 201 mother-child pairs, a subcohort form Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (RADIEL). GDM was diagnosed in 96 mothers, 36 of whom required metformin or insulin treatment. Follow-up assessment was performed at 6.1 (+/-0.5) years postpartum including child echocardiography, child and maternal anthropo-metrics, body composition, and blood pressure. Results: Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI 30.5 +/-5.6 kg/m2) correlated with child BMI z-score (r=0.2; p=0.006; mean z-score 0.45 +/-0.93 kg/m2). Left atrial volume (LAV) correlated with child age, body size and composition (Table 1). In a multiple linear regression model LAV was independently associated with child lean body mass and body fat percentage (R2=0.283). Pulmonary vein flow systolic to diastolic ratio (S/D) and mitral annular velocity during atrial filling (A') were associated with child adiposity parameters (Table 1). Left ventricular diastolic parameters including LAV, LAV index z-score, mitral valve E and A waves peak velocities, E/A ratio, S/D, mitral and septal annular velocities (E'and A') were not associated with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, I trimester glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C), or GDM exposure. Conclusions: Child diastolic heart function at six years of age is associated with child adiposity. Maternal pre-gestational obesity is reflected in child body composition, increasing long-term cardiovascular risks and implicitly disturbing diastolic heart function. No evidence of fetal cardiovascular programming related to GDM was found in early childhood.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease in the mother: The women's health initiative (WHI); Background: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) occur in up to 15% of all pregnancies, and are associated with an increased risk of long-term atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) in the mother. However, it is unclear if this association is independent of standard ASCVD risk factors or is present in multiethnic populations with adjudicated CVD events. Methods: Participants in the Women's Health Initiative were asked to complete a retrospective survey in 2017 about APOs, [gestational diabetes, birthweight < 5 pounds, birth weight > 9 pounds, delivery > 3 weeks pre-term, and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia)]. Cox models were used to assess the hazard for developing incident ASCVD (defined as adjudicated stroke, myocardial infarction, peripheral artery disease, coronary revascularization). Follow up began at the baseline study exam. Hazard ratios were assessed using the Cox model. Two primary models were employed for each individual APO: 1) univariate, and 2) adjusted for the baseline ASCVD risk factors of age, smoking, use of cholesterol lowering drugs, hypertension and diabetes. Results: The 50,679 respondents were 89.1% White, 5.2% Black, 2.4% Hispanic, 2.1% Asian- Pacific Islander, and 1.2% Other race. There were 12,499 (25%) women who reported an APO: 1041 (2.1%) had gestational diabetes, 6282 (12.4%) had low birth weight, 2970 (5.9%) had high birth weight, 7365 (14.5%) had a premature birth, and 3238 (6.4%) had preeclampsia or gestational hypertension. Over 1,020,899 person-years of follow up, 3569 (7.0%) adjudicated CVD events occurred. In univariate models, each APO was associated with ASCVD (Figure). In multivariable models adjusting for standard risk factors, all APOs were associated with a significantly increased risk of CVD (Figure), with the exception of high birth weight. There was no significant effect modification by race on these associations. Conclusion: Adverse pregnancy outcomes were associated with increased risk of late ASCVD in a multiethnic population of post-menopausal women, independent of ASCVD risk factors. Associations between APO and ASCVD were consistent across racial groups. APOs should be considered in CVD risk assessment in women. (Figure Presented).
A Case of Gestational Starvation Ketoacidosis in a Diabetic Mother Mimicking the Presentation of Acute Coronary Syndrome; Introduction: Hormonal Milieu of pregnancy is known to create a state of accelerated starvation , which is exceptionally pathological in a diabetic pregnant patient. Our case presents a diabetic mother with severe chest pain and premature labor in the setting of mixed anion gap metabolic acidosis. Initial diagnosis was diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), however starvation ketoacidosis (SKA) became more questionable. To our knowledge, this is the first case to report acute coronary syndrome (ACS) as a presentation of SKA with pregnancy. Case Presentation: A 40-year-old woman, gravida 3 para 2 with the diagnosis of Gestational Diabetes at the 9 week of pregnancy, was transferred to our university hospital at 36 weeks of gestation due to concern for ACS. Patient endorsed intense central chest pain with the start of early labor contractions. Three weeks prior, she followed a low carbohydrate and severely calorie deficient diet to reduce her insulin requirements because of the history of fetal macrosomia noted on ultrasound. Cervix was 80% effaced on pelvic examination with blood chemistry remarkable for glucose level of 174 mg/dL, anion gap (AG) of 18 mEq/L and bicarbonate level of 5 mEq/L. Lactic acid level was 0.7 mEq/L, beta-hydroxybutyrate level 5.30 mmol/L and a positive urine dipstick for ketones. Delta ratio was 0.3, explained as combined high AG and normal AG metabolic acidosis. Electrocardiogram showed transient minimal 1mm elevation in the inferior leads with otherwise negative serial Troponin levels. Pulmonary embolism was ruled out by contrast imaging. She was admitted to the Coronary Care Unit and was started on Heparin drip for the initial diagnosis of STEMI. Delivery was accelerated with artificial membrane rupture, after which she was started on insulin and dextrose drips until the closure of the AG. Further cardiac workup was then deferred to outpatient management due to the clinical stability and resolution of chest pain. Discussion: Although similar in physiology and management, both DKA and SKA are 2 distinct entities and a special attention should be paid for both in the state of pregnancy. DKA tends to be more in type 1 diabetes due to absolute insulin deficiency and can be exacerbated by infection, and noncompliance with insulin or diet. SKA however presents with improper diet that is not meeting the high energy demand, creating a demand more than supply state. We believe that concomitant use of insulin while being on a low carbohydrate/calorie diet has caused the opposition of lipolysis, the sole remaining source of energy, which has caused more stress hormones production to override that state. This explains the euglycemia as well as the morbid symptoms the patient presented with. Carbohydrate consistent diet in addition to watchful insulin monitoring are advised in diabetic mothers to avoid starvation and its subsequent complications as preterm delivery and severe maternal morbidity.
Prominent Parietal Lobe Brain Injury in a Neonate with Seizure Due to Hyperinsulinemic Hypoglycemia; Background: Severe hypoglycemia causes brain injury in neonates, which is most commonly described as white matter (WM) changes in the occipital region. These WM changes can extend anteriorly to involve the parietal regions, which can be equally or less severely affected (1, 2). Early visual impairment can be seen in patients with severe occipital involvement. Clinical Case: A male infant born at 39 weeks gestation via C-section after fetal intolerance of induction presented on day of life (DOL) 4 with seizure. Pregnancy was uncomplicated without gestational diabetes, hypertension, or infection. Birth weight was 3.1 kg. He had an unremarkable postnatal course and was discharged on DOL2. At home, he became sleepier with decreased feeding, and developed abnormal extremity movements. Tonic-clonic seizure activity was observed in the ED with serum glucose level of < 10 mg/dL, anion gap of 13 and trace ketonuria. Cerebral spinal fluid studies were not suggestive of infection. Glucose was corrected with intravenous dextrose. Brain CT scan without contrast showed hypodensity involving the distribution of the right posterior cerebral artery with loss of normal gray white differentiation. MRI brain without contrast showed bilateral WM restricted diffusion more prominent in the right parietal lobe than in the occipital lobes. There were also bilateral areas of cortical restricted diffusion in the occipital and parietal lobes, but no evidence of hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Proton MR Spectroscopy showed findings consistent with hypoglycemic brain injury. In the setting of hypoglycemia (serum glucose 37 mg/dL), serum betahydroxybutyrate was 0.13 mMol/L (0.02-0.27 mMol/L) and serum insulin was 5.7 mU/L (3.0-25.0 mU/L), consistent with hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia. Growth hormone level (13.18 mg/mL) and ACTH stimulation test were normal. Treatment with diazoxide was initiated with excellent response. He was discharged and continues to work with Early Intervention. Conclusion: We describe a newborn with hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia and more significant WM changes in the parietal lobe compared to the occipital lobe on brain MRI. Although occipital WM is thought to be most vulnerable to hypoglycemia, our patient's findings suggest that parietal WM may also be disproportionally susceptible to injury. Neurodevelopmental deficits may be less obvious soon after injury, and long term surveillance of these patients is required.
Gestational Diabetes but Not Prepregnancy Overweight Predicts for Cardiometabolic Markers in Offspring Twenty Years Later; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and prepregnancy overweight/obesity [body mass index (BMI) 25 kg/m2] might adversely affect offspring cardiometabolic health. Objective: To assess the associations between maternal GDMand prepregnancy overweight/obesity with adult offspring cardiometabolic risk factors. Design: Longitudinal cohort study (ESTER Maternal Pregnancy Disorders Study and the Arvo Ylppo Longitudinal Study). Setting: Province of Uusimaa and Northern Finland. Participants: At a mean age of 24.1 6 1.3 years, we classified offspring as offspring of mothers with GDM regardless of the prepregnancy BMI (OGDM; n 5 193); normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy overweight/obesity (ONO; n 5 157); and normoglycemic mothers with prepregnancy BMI ,25 kg/m2 (controls; n 5 556). Main Outcome Measures: We assessed the cardiometabolic biomarkers from blood and measured the blood pressure at rest and heart rate.
Short-term results of patients with neural tube defects followed-up in the Konya region, Turkey; Background: Additional congenital anomalies have often been found in patients with neural tube defect (NTD). We aimed to find out the clinical features, short term prognosis, treatment approaches, and systemic anomalies of NTD patients in the Konya region. Method: A total of 186 newborn babies with NTD were retrospectively included in the study and all were assessed in detail for congenital anomalies and clinical features. Results: When the application month of the patients was examined, it was seen that the most frequent month was July. Of 186 babies, 101(54.3%) had meningomyelocele, 53 (28.5%) had meningocele, 13 (7.0%) had encephalocele, 16 (8.6%) had spina bifida occulta, and 4 (2.1%) had anencephaly. Of these patients, 97 (52.2%) were male and 89 (47.8%) were female. Hydrocephalus was an almost constant finding and was found in 140 (75.3%) patients. 51 (27.4%) patients had congenital heart disease (CHD). The most common CHD was atrial septal defect 22.3%. Orthopedic anomaly was detected in 51 (27.4%) patients, nephrological anomaly was found in 47 (25.3%) of the cases, congenital hypothyroidism was diagnosed in 14 (7.5%) patients with NTD. The mortality rate of patients diagnosed with NTD was 7.5%. The rates of premature delivery and consanguinity between parents were higher in patients with NTD. Conclusions: Our results indicate that at least one congenital anomaly is also present in about two-thirds of newborn babies with NTD, and these anomalies significantly increase their morbidity and mortality. All newborn babies with NTD should be screened for additional congenital anomalies and evaluated with more organized, multidisciplinary methods.
Anesthetic Considerations in the Care of the Parturient with Obesity; Purpose of Review: The goal of this review is to summarize recent findings on the physiologic alterations posed by maternal obesity and implications for the anesthetic care of mother and infant. Recent Findings: Obesity is rising nationally and globally. Many studies show associations between excess weight during pregnancy with increased morbidity and mortality. Parturients with obesity are at a higher risk of endocrine, cardiac, pulmonary, and post-operative complications. A neuraxial catheter is recommended given the higher risk of an operative delivery. Consultation by an obstetric anesthesiologist is helpful for patient education and planning. Summary: Maternal mortality is the highest in the USA compared to other high-income countries. Understanding the association between obesity and maternal morbidity and mortality is critically important. The obstetric anesthesiologist can improve care by understanding not only the patient's medical needs, but also anticipating complications and having appropriate equipment available. Multi-disciplinary care optimizes outcomes.
Apgar score and long-term respiratory morbidity of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow-up; The objective of this study is to investigate whether a significant association exists between low 5-min Apgar scores (< 7) and respiratory morbidity of the offspring. A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing subtypes of respiratory morbidity leading to hospitalizations among children (up to age 18 years) stratified by their 5 min Apgar scores. Data were collected from two databases of a regional tertiary center. All singleton deliveries occurring between 1991 and 2014 were included in the analysis. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was constructed to compare cumulative respiratory-related hospitalization incidence and a Cox proportional hazards model to control for confounders. Deliveries (238,622) met the inclusion criteria. Low 5-min Apgar scores were recorded in 742 (0.3%) newborns. Incidence of respiratory hospitalizations was higher among the low 5 min Apgar score group (7.3 vs. 4.8% in the normal [≥ 7] 5 min Apgar score group; OR = 1.5, 95%CI 1.2–2.0, p = 0.003). Association remained significant in the Cox model (aHR = 1.4, 95%CI 1.1–1.9, p = 0.01). Incidence of respiratory-related hospitalizations in preterm born offspring was higher among the low vs. the normal 5 min Apgar score groups (13.4 vs. 7.2%, OR = 2.0, 95%CI 1.2–3.1 , p = 0.008). Association remained significant in the multivariable analysis (aHR = 1.6, 95%CI 1.1–2.5, p = 0.03). The survival curves demonstrated significantly higher cumulative respiratory morbidity in the low Agar score group for the entire cohort and for the preterm born subgroup. Conclusion: Newborns, of any gestational age, with low 5 min Apgar scores appear to be at an increased risk for pediatric respiratory morbidity.What is Known:• Apgar score is a method for assessment of the medical condition of a newborn, and of the need for medical intervention and/or resuscitation. Studies assesing the correlation between low Apgar score and short or long term outcomes report a sgnificant correlation with different outcomes including neurological development and more. As two of its five components (color and respiratory effort) are utilizing the respiratory status, low Apgar scoreis associated with a higher risk for immedisate respiratory morbidity.What is New:• Low Apgar score increases the chances for several long-term respiratory-related morbidities, independent of gestational age and other obstetrical circumstances.
Prospective longitudinal assessment of the fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index; Introduction: The fetal left modified Myocardial Performance Index (Mod-myocardial performance index (MPI)) is a measure of systolic versus diastolic time intervals obtained from a single cardiac cycle with ultrasound. It is a measure of global ventricular function and has been investigated for potential utility in fetal conditions associated with cardiac dysfunction. Objectives: The objective of this study is to compare values from a precisely replicated fetal left Mod-MPI technique to published reference ranges. Methods: Three hundred and sixty-five nulliparae prospectively underwent fetal left Mod-MPI measurement at 27+0–29+0 and 35+0–37+0 weeks’ gestation. Measurements from pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, or a small-for-gestational-age (<10th centile) infant were excluded. Mod-MPI values were compared with three published references created using similar measurement techniques. Results: Compared with one selected reference, at 29+0 and 35+0–37+0 weeks’ gestation, 90–100% of our values fell within the 5th–95th percentile range as expected. Thus, this reference range was validated for our population in late pregnancy. However, the expected level of concordance was not seen at 27+0–28+6 weeks’. The other two references to which we compared our Mod-MPI values demonstrated poor concordance, especially at 27+0–29+0 weeks’. Pearson interobserver correlation was also improved at 35+0–37+0 weeks’ at 0.434, compared with 0.083 at 27+0–29+0 weeks’ gestation. Conclusions: Concordance and interobserver variability between our cohort and similar populations were both improved at 35+0–37+0 weeks’ compared with 27+0–29+0 weeks’ gestation. Overall, variable Mod-MPI reproducibility across gestations limits clinical application, especially earlier in pregnancy. Manual Mod-MPI measurement should be considered most reliable in late pregnancy until automated MPI measurement is possible.
Does prenatal identification of fetal macrosomia change management and outcome?; Purpose: To assess whether there is an association between predicted fetal macrosomia and adverse outcomes in macrosomic newborns (> 4000 g), based on a sonographic evaluation up to 2 weeks prior to delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study of 3098 mothers of macrosomic babies who were delivered at our institution (2000–2015). We compared the management and outcomes of women with predicted fetal macrosomia with that of women with unknown fetal macrosomia. The primary outcomes were cesarean section (CS) rate and postpartum hemorrhage. Secondary outcomes were composite maternal and neonatal outcomes and birth injuries. Results: In 601 (19.4%) women fetal macrosomia was predicted, and in 2497 (80.6%) women, fetal macrosomia was unknown. CS rate was more than 3.5 times higher in the group of predicted macrosomia (47.2% vs. 12.7%, P < 0.001) than those with unpredicted macrosomia; not only due to non-progressive labor, but for non-reassuring heart rate as well. However, predicted fetal macrosomia reduced the risk of postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 0.5, 95% CI 0.2–1.0), maternal (aOR 0.3, 95% CI 0.2–0.5) and neonatal composite adverse outcomes (aOR 0.7 95% CI 0.6–0.9). It was also associated with increased risk for induction of labor, episiotomy, 3rd- or 4th-degree tears and a longer maternal hospitalization. Birth injuries and shoulder dystocia were not different between the groups. Conclusions: Antepartum CS was found to be associated with predicted fetal macrosomia. Moreover, a planned CS due to macrosomia was associated with reduced risk for postpartum hemorrhage, maternal and neonatal outcome, even for babies with a mean birth weight < 4500 g.
Nutrigenetics, epigenetics and gestational diabetes: consequences in mother and child; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic condition during pregnancy and may result in short- and long-term complications for both mother and offspring. The complexity of phenotypic outcomes seems influenced by genetic susceptibility, nutrient-gene interactions and lifestyle interacting with clinical factors. There is strong evidence that not only the adverse genetic background but also the epigenetic modifications in response to nutritional and environmental factors could influence the maternal hyperglycemia in pregnancy and the foetal metabolic programming. In this view, the correlation between epigenetic modifications and their transgenerational effects represents a very interesting field of study. The present review gives insight into the role of gene variants and their interactions with nutrients in GDM. In addition, we provide an overview of the epigenetic changes and their role in the maternal-foetal transmission of chronic diseases. Overall, the knowledge of epigenetic modifications induced by an adverse intrauterine and perinatal environment could shed light on the potential pathophysiological mechanisms of long-term disease development in the offspring and provide useful tools for their prevention.
Chronic fetal suffering in pregnant attended in a hospital of the western Amazon: Case report; Introduction: Fetal distress is the decrease or absence of oxygen that must be received by the fetus through the placenta. Chronic cases of suffering are due to some maternal pathology that causes a reduction in the oxygen concentration of the mother to the fetus: severe anemia, respiratory or cardiac pathologies, arterial hypertension, low placental irrigation or gestational diabetes. Even though these problems do not lead to obvious changes in fetal oxygenation during pregnancy, they can occur at the time of delivery, when there is a reduction in placental irrigation caused by uterine contractions. Objective: To report a case of chronic fetal distress in a pregnant woman with chronic hypertension and cardiopathy and review the literature on complications during pregnancy. Methods: The present study uses a bibliographical research reference, in order to seek information and report the case of chronic fetal distress in gestation and its maternal-fetal repercussions. Discussion and conclusions: NCS, 32 years, pregnant, 33 without, G1P0Ao, with chronic arterial hypertension and heart disease: mild aortic insufficiency, mitral and aortic valve calcification, due to reduced resistance of the middle cerebral artery. She performed a corticosteroid in the city of origin and ultrasonography: gestation of 33S, fetal weight 1800 g placenta with reduced extension, reduced average cerebral artery, umbilical artery and normal venous duct. She was referred for follow-up at high risk prenatal care. Realized USG:34s1d, weight 2190 g, venous duct with positive A wave, cerebral vascular resistance with discrete reduction, normal placental vascular resistance. Returns to care at the obstetric center with contractions and outflow of greenish liquid. At the examination: AFU: 31 cm, BCF 171,visualized amniotic fluid with meconium. Indicated cesarean delivery, with single fetus extraction, small for gestational age, placenta with insertion of velerosa cord, malformed, with accessory lobe and umbilical artery only. Centralization of cerebral flow is one of the first mechanisms of fetal adaptation to chronic suffering. In the follow-up by Doppler velocimetry when abnormalities are identified in the umbilical arteries or diagnosis of absent or reverse flow, the action must be immediate so as not to cause fetal compromises.
Cerebellar stroke in pregnancy; Introduction: Gestational cerebral vascular ischaemia is a rare diagnosis affecting about 4 per 100,000 deliveries. It is commonest during the third trimester and in the puerperium. Cerebellar stroke accounts for 2% of all strokes during pregnancy. Objective: Presentation of a case of a lady who was diagnosed with a left superior cerebellar ischaemic stroke at 26 weeks gestation. Methods: A 34-year-old lady presented with a frontal headache associated with vomiting, photophobia and vertigo. On examination she had loss of balance with a positive Rhomberg's sign, a wide based gait, a positive finger to nose test to the left, decreased speech fluency and broken saccadic eye movements. She had magnetic resonance imaging of the head which confirmed a diagnosis of left superior cerebellar ischaemic infarct. She was started on aspirin and low molecular weight heparin to avoid further thromboembolic events. Further investigations showed that she had developed gestational diabetes. Autoimmune disease, vasculitis, vertebral artery dissection and cardiac abnormalities were excluded. Discussion and conclusions: Maternal risk factors for stroke include pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Prognosis is usually poor and recovery may take a number of months. The patient was followed up with regular physiotherapy and occupational therapy. A year from the stroke, she had a good recovery and was independent. The foetus was unaffected by the stroke.
SAFER: Electronic risk management for aspirin prophylaxis in pre-eclampsia; Introduction: Low-dose aspirin prophylaxis in pre-eclampsia is safe and reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia by 17% among the high risk. Prior to the introduction of the ‘SAFER’ electronic risk assessment tool at a district general hospital, only high risk pregnancies were identified for prophylactic aspirin for pre-eclampsia. No system was in place to ensure consistent identification and provision of aspirin for women with multiple moderate risk factors. SAFER was implemented in 2015 to manage venous thromboembolism, intrauterine growth restriction and gestational diabetes. To improve the provision of aspirin prophylaxis for pre-eclampsia, in 2017 the tool was updated to include pre-eclampsia risk assessment. Objective: To evaluate whether the SAFER electronic risk management tool is an effective way of managing pre-eclampsia risk and aspirin prophylaxis. Methods: The evaluation was a prospective non-randomized before and after study design. The sample frame was women delivering at a district general hospital and these were sampled consecutively until the estimated sample size was attained. The primary outcome was correct aspirin provision as either documented or verbally confirmed discussion or prescription. The proportion of correct aspirin provision was ascertained prospectively before and after the inclusion of aspirin risk assessment into the risk management tool. The outcomes were compared using Pearson's chi-squared test. Discussion and conclusions: SAFER led to a significantly improved identification and provision of prophylactic aspirin for pre-eclampsia prevention (p < 0.001), representing an increase in the identification rate of 70.8%. 101 women were identified in the before group and 3 of 18 had a correct prescription where indicated. 136 were identified in the after group and 14 of 16 had a correct prescription where indicated. Some women reported non-concordance with aspirin prophylaxis. SAFER, a standardised, electronic risk assessment and management tool, significantly improves the recognition of prophylactic aspirin requirement and the discussion with and provision of aspirin for women at risk of pre-eclampsia. Further assessment of the barriers to concordance with aspirin prophylaxis are required.
Intrauterine metformin exposure and offspring cardiometabolic risk factors (PedMet study): a 5–10 year follow-up of the PregMet randomised controlled trial; Background: Metformin is increasingly used to treat gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, and in attempts to improve pregnancy outcomes in polycystic ovary syndrome and obesity. It passes across the placenta with possible long-term consequences for the offspring. We previously explored the effect of metformin, given to women with polycystic ovary syndrome during pregnancy, on children's growth up to 4 years of age. In this 5–10 year follow-up, we examined the cardiometabolic risk factors in these children. Methods: This is a follow-up of children from the PregMet study, a double-blind, randomised controlled trial comparing metformin with placebo in polycystic ovary syndrome pregnancies. In the PregMet study, between Feb 4, 2005, and Jan 27, 2009, 257 pregnant women aged 18–45 years with polycystic ovary syndrome according to the Rotterdam criteria were included with 274 singleton pregnancies at 5–12 weeks of gestation at 11 study centres in Norway. 17 women participated twice. Pregnant women were randomised to metformin (2000 mg/day) or placebo from inclusion in the first trimester to birth. Randomisation was stratified according to metformin use at conception. In this follow-up, the primary endpoint was body-mass index (BMI) in the offspring at 5-10 years of age assessed by the standard deviation score (Z score). The primary endpoint was analysed with independent sample t tests. ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT00159536. Findings: Of the 255 invited children from the PregMet study, 141 (55%) consented to participate and were included between April 29, 2014, and July 12, 2016. Maternal baseline characteristics in the first trimester were similar between groups. Children in the metformin group had a higher BMI Z score than those in the placebo group (difference in means=0·41, 95% CI 0·03–0·78, p=0·03). Interpretation: The increased BMI in metformin-exposed children might indicate a potential risk of inferior cardiometabolic health. Implications for adult health cannot be excluded. Funding: The Research Council of Norway, Novo Nordisk Foundation, St Olavs University Hospital, and the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.
Complex diseases and co-morbidities: Polycystic ovary syndrome and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Objective Many complex diseases exhibit co-morbidities often requiring management by more than one health specialist. We examined cross-speciality issues that ultimately affect the health and wellbeing of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). PCOS was originally described as a reproductive condition but is now recognised to also be a metabolic and psychological condition affecting 8–13% of women of reproductive age. With a four-fold increased risk of type 2 diabetes (DM2), the Population Attributable Risk of DM2 that could be avoided if PCOS were eliminated is a substantial 19–28% of women of reproductive age. To determine the extent to which PCOS is an important consideration in diabetes development, we examined publications, funding, guidelines and predictors of risk of developing DM2. Results We found that the topic of PCOS appeared in specialist diabetes journals at only 10% the rate seen in endocrinology journals – about 1 in 500 articles. We found research funding to be substantially less than for diabetes and found that diabetes guidelines and predictive tools for DM2 risk mostly ignore PCOS. This is surprising since insulin resistance in women with PCOS has a different aetiology and additionally women with PCOS are at increased risk of becoming overweight or obese – high risk factors for DM2. Conclusions We consider the causes of these concerning anomalies and discuss current activities to address the co-morbidities of PCOS, including the recent development of international guidelines, an international PCOS awareness program and potentially changing the name of PCOS to better reflect its metabolic consequences.
Effect of omega-3 fatty acid plus vitamin E Co-Supplementation on lipid profile: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Dyslipidemia is linked to chronic inflammation, which in return leads to a set of chronic disorders. Omega-3 fatty acids have been reported to reduce inflammation. Furthermore, Vitamin E is a fat-soluble vitamin which has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects. Vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementations may be more effective than the single supplementation in control dyslipidemia. Therefore, we designed and conducted the current systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the effect of co-supplementation of vitamin E and omega-3 fatty acids on the lipid profile. Methods: A comprehensive search for studies published between January 1990 and July 2018 was performed. The initial search extracted 3015 potentially relevant articles. After studying these publications, 9 RCTs were potentially eligible and retrieved in full text. Results: The meta-analysis indicate that on total cholesterol, HDL, LDL and triglyceride individually did not show any significant difference between intervention and control groups, but vitamin E an omega-3 fatty acids co-supplementations significantly reduce VLDL levels. Conclusions: Based on the available evidence, omega-3 fatty acid and vitamin E co-supplementation can reduce VLDL, although its effect on other lipid profile parameters requires more well-designed studies.
A pilot randomised controlled trial of a text messaging intervention with customisation using linked data from wireless wearable activity monitors to improve risk factors following gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a highly prevalent disorder of pregnancy which portends a high risk for future type 2 diabetes. Limited evidence indicates lifestyle intervention prevents the development of diabetes, but most previously studied interventions are resource-intensive. Intervention programs that utilise newer technologies may be scalable at lower cost. This 6-month pilot randomized controlled trial tested the delivery of text messages linked to an activity monitor, adaptive physical activity goal setting, and limited face-to-face counseling, as an intervention to improve rates of post-partum glucose tolerance testing and lifestyle behaviours amongst women following a GDM pregnancy. Sixty subjects were randomised 2:1 intervention vs. control. Compared to control subjects, there were trends for intervention subjects to improve diet, increase physical activity, and lose weight. There was no difference between the groups in the rate of glucose tolerance testing. Only 46 (77%) subjects completed some, and 19 subjects completed all the elements of the final evaluation. Feedback regarding the text messages and activity monitor was highly positive. Overall, results suggest that a text message and activity monitor intervention is feasible for a larger study or even as a potentially scalable population health intervention. However, low completion rates necessitate carefully considered modification of the protocol.
Study on profile of pregnancy outcomes in a tertiary care hospital in Trichy, South India; Introduction: Globally, an estimate of 210 million women become pregnant each year; out of them 15 to 20% results in miscarriage. Antepartum hemorrhage, abruption, hypertensive disorders including eclampsia, premature rupture of membrane, gestational diabetes, and many more complications have been known to precipitate adverse pregnancy outcomes. Decentralized maternal and child health services have greatly expanded coverage; however, hospitals remain the cornerstone of pregnancy related care. High level obstetric services, such as cesarean delivery and blood transfusion must be available in emergency referral situations to reduce the adverse outcomes. Hence, a retrospective record based study was done to determine various outcomes of pregnancy. Methodology: A record based study on profile of pregnant women who had delivered in Tertiary Care Hospital for a period of 1 year from Jan 2017 – Dec 2017. Data entered and analysed using SPSS V.15.0 and presented in a form of tables. Results: Among 916 pregnant women, 72.9% were Hindus, 14.5% of people were Christians and 12.6% were Muslims. About 51.6% were in the age group of 19 – 25 years and 92.6% were free from co-morbidities. Of 916 women studied 46.2% delivered normally. Conclusion: High-level obstetric services will improve the pregnancy outcomes. Adverse outcomes can be reduced by preventing the mothers from developing risk factors through effective antenatal and intrapartum care.
Hypotension during spinal anaesthesia for Caesarean section in a resourcelimited setting: Towards a consensus definition; Background: Intraoperative hypotension following spinal anaesthesia for Caesarean section is associated with maternal morbidity and mortality. Because of inconsistent definitions the reported incidence of hypotension varies between 7% and 74%, making it almost impossible to set standard targets. Developing and adopting a clinically significant threshold for intraoperative hypotension will allow for benchmarking, comparison between studies, and consistency in guidelines and recommendations. Methods: Common definitions for spinal hypotension were first identified from a recent systematic review of the literature and a consensus statement on spinal hypotension. These definitions were applied to haemodynamic data taken from a prospective interventional obstetric spinal hypotension study conducted at Edendale Hospital, to determine the incidence of hypotension when applying these different thresholds. Finally, a definition was proposed based on these incidences and a review of the relevant literature. Results: Fifteen different definitions were identified. These were then applied to the study population with a resultant incidence of hypotension ranging from 15.8% to 91.4%. Based on a literature review of obstetric and other relevant perioperative and critical care medicine, targeting a mean arterial pressure > 70 mmHg and systolic blood pressure > 100 mmHg is recommended, and it is proposed that the lowest absolute values at which vasopressor therapy should be initiated are a mean arterial blood pressure < 65 mmHg or systolic blood pressure < 90 mmHg. Optimally, practitioners should maintain systolic blood pressure at greater than 90% of the baseline pre-spinal anaesthesia value. Conclusion: This study confirmed a wide variation in the incidence of obstetric spinal hypotension in a South African setting, depending on the definition used. An absolute threshold for intervention with vasopressor and an optimal target relative to baseline blood pressure are suggested. Further work is required to establish the effect of the adherence to these recommendations on important maternal and foetal outcomes.
Urinary metabolites altered during the third trimester in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: Relationship with potential upcoming metabolic disorders; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a disorder in pregnancy with highest impact in the future life of both mother and newborn. Increasing incidence, economic impact, and potential for severe GDM-related pregnancy complications are some factors that have motivated the deep study of physiopathology, risk factors for developing GDM, and potential biomarkers for its diagnosis. In the present pilot study, we analyzed the urinary metabolome profile of GDM patients in the 3rd trimester of pregnancy, when GDM is already established and the patients are under dietary and pharmacological control. An untargeted metabolomics method based on liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry analysis was developed to identify differentially expressed metabolites in the GDM group. We identified 14 metabolites that are significantly upregulated in the urine of GDM patients, and, more importantly, we identified those related with the steroid hormone biosynthesis and tryptophan (TRP) metabolism pathways, which are associated with GDM pathophysiology. Thus, these metabolites could be screened as potential prognostic biomarkers of type two diabetes mellitus, coronary artery disease and chronic renal failure in future follow-up studies with GDM patients.
The effects of vegetarian and vegan diet during pregnancy on the health of mothers and offspring; Vegetarian and vegan diets have increased worldwide in the last decades, according to the knowledge that they might prevent coronary heart disease, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. Althought plant-based diets are at risk of nutritional deficiencies such as proteins, iron, vitamin D, calcium, iodine, omega-3, and vitamin B12, the available evidence shows that well planned vegetarian and vegan diets may be considered safe during pregnancy and lactation, but they require a strong awareness for a balanced intake of key nutrients. A review of the scientific literature in this field was performed, focusing specifically on observational studies in humans, in order to investigate protective effects elicited by maternal diets enriched in plant-derived foods and possible unfavorable outcomes related to micronutrients deficiencies and their impact on fetal development. A design of pregestational nutrition intervention is required in order to avoid maternal undernutrition and consequent impaired fetal growth. View Full-Text.
Associations between fatty acid-binding protein 4–a proinflammatory adipokine and insulin resistance, gestational and type 2 Diabetes Mellitus; There is ample scientific evidence to suggest a link between the fatty acid-binding protein 4 (FABP4) and insulin resistance, gestational (GDM), and type 2 (T2DM) diabetes mellitus. This novel proinflammatory adipokine is engaged in the regulation of lipid metabolism at the cellular level. The molecule takes part in lipid oxidation, the regulation of transcription as well as the synthesis of membranes. An involvement of FABP4 in the pathogenesis of obesity and insulin resistance seems to be mediated via FABP4-dependent peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) inhibition. A considerable number of studies have shown that plasma concentrations of FABP4 is increased in obesity and T2DM, and that circulating FABP4 levels are correlated with certain clinical parameters, such as body mass index, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Since plasma-circulating FABP4 has the potential to modulate the function of several types of cells, it appears to be of extreme interest to try to develop potential therapeutic strategies targeting the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases in this respect. In this manuscript, representing a detailed review of the literature on FABP4 and the abovementioned metabolic disorders, various mechanisms of the interaction of FABP4 with insulin signaling pathways are thoroughly discussed. Clinical aspects of insulin resistance in diabetic patients, including women diagnosed with GDM, are analyzed as well.
Health and lifestyle of adult patients with congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency treated in childhood; Background: Treatment of patients with childhood growth hormone deficiency is usually terminated at the end of puberty. Follow-up into adult age is rare, even more so in patients with congenital isolated growth hormone deficiency (cIGHD). Objectives: To assess the clinical and social characteristics of adults with cIGHD who received growth hormone (hGH) treatment in childhood. Methods: Thirty-nine patients (23 men, 16 women) diagnosed in our clinic with cIGHD at 7 ± 4.2 years, and treated with hGH during childhood for 2–18 years, were followed into adulthood (mean age 30.7 ± 13.3 years). Ascertained detailed data were found for 32 patients. Results: Mean ± SD height for males was 160.2 ± 10.6 cm and for females 146.4 ± 5.4 cm. All patients achieved full sexual development and 14 were married. After cessation of GH treatment and with advanced age all exhibited a progressive increase in adiposity to the degree of obesity. Twelve patients suffered from hyperlipidemia, 4 developed diabetes mellitus, and 5 have cardiovascular diseases. One patient died in an accident. None developed cancer. Of the 39 patients, 22 have an education level of high school or higher, and 2 are in special institutions. Most are employed in manual labor. Conclusions: Patients with congenital IGHD who do not receive early and regular replacement treatment are prone to lag in achieving normal height and suffer from educational and vocational handicaps.
Gestational diabetes: Maternal programming; Background: Gestational diabetes has been identified as a long-term risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Objectives: Based on the current scientific evidence, our objective was to increase our knowledge of the importance of gestational diabetes in women’s future health. Material and methods: Retrospective study by searching for original articles and systematic reviews published in the databases PubMed, EMBASE, ScienceDirect, and Cochrane Library between 1999 and 2018. The key words used for the search were as follows: "Gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term consequences", "previous gestational diabetes mellitus", "gestational diabetes after delivery", "postpartum followup of women with gestational diabetes", "history of gestational diabetes mellitus", "after gestational diabetes mellitus", and "gestational diabetes and postpartum risk". The highest levels of evidence were selected. Results: We found 472 articles on gestational diabetes and its long-term effects on the mother. The articles were reviewed, and those with the lowest level of scientific evidence and all duplicate references were ruled out. Conclusions: There is sufficient clinical evidence linking gestational diabetes with subsequent development of type 2 diabetes mellitus, chronic hypertension, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. It is still not possible to determine from gestation which patients are most likely to have long-term complications. There is sufficient evidence that diabetes mellitus can be prevented. This is not the case for cardiovascular disease.
Prolonged QT interval in the infants of diabetic mothers; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is rising. Myocardial hypertrophy is the most common cardiac disorder in the infants of diabetic mothers, which hypothetically can cause fatal arrhythmias. This study investigated prolonged QT in the newborns of diabetic mothers in Afzalipour Hospital in Kerman City, in 2015. Methods: This case-control study was conducted on 49 neonates of diabetic mothers and 30 babies of healthy mothers. Routine echocardiograms and Tissue Doppler Imaging (TDI) were performed for all the newborns. QTc values were computed from randomly selected beats on ECG. Results: Twenty-nine (59%) newborns in case group had septal hypertrophy which was higher than control group (P < 0.05). There was no difference between case and control groups in QTc values (P > 0.05), and there was no relationship between septal hypertrophy and QT prolongation. Twenty-one percent of the infants in control group, had septal hypertrophy. Although parameters of M-Mode Echocardiography were similar, TDI showed differences between the two groups. (TDI) is applicable for the measurement of both systolic and diastolic functions. Conclusion: Findings revealed that the screening and treatment of diabetes during pregnancy need a revision in our context. In addition, there is a paucity of studies concerning the evaluation of TDI in the newborns of diabetic mothers. We recommend conducting studies to compare the routine echocardiograms with TDI in these high risk infants.
Risk Factors of Intra-Amniotic Infection Related to Induction with Single-Balloon Catheter: A Case-Control Study; Aims: To investigate the risk factors of intra-amniotic infection (IAI) related to induction with single-balloon catheter (SBC). Methods: A retrospective, case-control study including 58 cases of IAI patients who underwent induction with SBC was conducted in Women's Hospital, School of Medicine, Zhejiang University. For each case, 8 women who delivered during the same month and had no infection after SBC induction were selected for control. Results: Compared with the control group, the IAI group had a higher rate of nulliparity (87.93 vs. 70.69%; p = 0.006), BMI > 30 kg/m2 (29.31 vs. 15.95%; p = 0.011), and amniotic fluid index (AFI) < 8 cm (32.8 vs. 15.1%; p = 0.001). The diameter of cervical dilatation when membranes ruptured in IAI group was smaller than that in the control group (2.0 [1.5] vs. 3.0 [8.0] cm; p < 0.001). Time from start of induction to vaginal delivery was longer than that in the control group (47.0 [19.75] vs. 27.0 [16.0] h; p < 0.001). After logistic regression, the 5 factors associated with IAI for those who underwent SBC induction were nulliparity, BMI > 30 kg/m2, AFI < 8 cm, diameter of cervical dilatation < 3 cm when membranes ruptured and time from start of induction to vaginal delivery of more than 48 h. Conclusions: Focus on these risk factors could result in earlier prophylaxis so that the incidence of IAI could be reduced.
Pattern of Brain Injury Predicts Long-Term Epilepsy Following Neonatal Encephalopathy; Objective: To determine if patterns of hypoxic-ischemic brain injury on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in term newborns predict subsequent childhood epilepsy. Methods: This retrospective cohort study includes term newborns with encephalopathy (n = 181) born between 2004-2012 and admitted to British Columbia Children’s Hospital. MRI was performed between 3 and 5 days of age. The predominant patterns of hypoxic-ischemic injury were classified as Normal, Watershed, Basal Nuclei, Total, and Focal-Multifocal. Lesions in hippocampus, motor and occipital cortex were noted. Results: Of 181 newborns, 166 (92%) survived the neonatal period, and 132 (80%) had follow-up with a median duration of 61 months (IQR: 28–95). Twenty-three children (17%) developed epilepsy. A higher proportion with Watershed, Basal Nuclei, or Total patterns developed epilepsy (P <.001). Injury to motor cortex, hippocampus, and occipital lobe (P <.01) were independent risk factors for epilepsy. In the adjusting logistic model, Watershed (odds ratio = 16.0, 95% CI [1.3, 197.2], P =.03) and Basal Nuclei injury (odds ratio = 19.4, 95% CI [1.9, 196.3], P =.01) remained independent risk factors. Therapeutic hypothermia did not alter these associations. Severity of brain injury and recurrent neonatal seizures are other clinical risk factors. Significance: In term newborns with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, the predominant pattern of Watershed and Basal Nuclei injury are valuable predictors for development of epilepsy in later childhood.
Insights on Medical Nutrition Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: An Indian Perspective; It is critical to integrate medical nutrition therapy (MNT) provided by a registered dietician (RD) into primary care of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). This is necessary to achieve the goals of improving overall metabolic measures beyond calorie restriction and weight loss. Misconceptions about nutrition in T2DM add to the challenges of executing MNT in a culturally sensitive population. The current review provides insights into MNT for the prevention and management of T2DM in India, based on both evidence and experience. It revisits historical Indian studies and provides information on appropriate dietary intake of carbohydrates (60–70%), proteins (~ 20%) and fats (10%) that will be acceptable and beneficial in an Indian T2DM population. It discusses nuances of types of carbohydrates and fats and explains associations of increased dietary fiber intake, balanced intake of low and high glycemic index foods and substitution of saturated fats with plant-based polyunsaturated fats in improving outcomes of T2DM and attenuating risk factors. The article also deliberates upon special patient populations with comorbid conditions and diseases and the necessary adjustments needed in their nutritional care. It outlines a step-wise approach to MNT involving a careful interplay of nutrition assessment, diagnosis, individualization and patient counseling. Overall, the success of MNT relies on providing accurate, acceptable and appropriate dietary choices for continued patient adherence. Collaborative efforts from diabetologists, endocrinologists, internists and RDs are required to prioritize and implement MNT in diabetes practice in India. Funding: Signutra Inc.
Exosome from FLK-1+ endothelial progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced neural tube defects; Introduction: Maternal diabetes is a significant risk factor for neural tube defects (NTDs) and cardiovascular defects. Diabetes disrupts the process of vasculogenesis, which is initiated by the occurrence of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 ( or Flk-1) positive vascular endothelial progenitors at embryonic day 7 (E7) in the yolk sac mesoderm, a critical number of Flk-1+ progenitors and blood islands are crucial for normal vasculogenesis. Later on at E8.0, maternal diabetes interrupts neurulation in the neuroectoderm, leading to NTDs. Previous studies have suggested a link between maternal diabetes-induced vasculopathy and NTDs in the developing embryo. We hypothesize that early vasculopathy accounts for late failed neural tube closure in diabetic pregnancy. Methods: We created a transgenic mouse line in which survivin (the cell cycle-regulated apoptosis inhibitor) was specifically expressed in the Flk-1+ progenitors. We isolated Flk-1+ progenitors from E7.5 embryos and harvested exosomes produced by these cells. In utero delivery of the survivin-containing exosomes by ultrasound guided in utero microinjection into the amniotic cavity of embryos of diabetic mice at E8. NTD rates and cell apoptosis will be determined. To interrogate whether exosome is essential for neurulation, we injected the exosome inhibitor, GW4869, and test exosome number, NTD rates and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis. Results: Maternal diabetes lead to the loss of Flk-1+ progenitors, impaired blood island formation and reduced blood vessel densities. Restoring survivin expression in Flk1+ progenitors restored blood island formation. Survivin in Flk1+ progenitors exerts a dual function role in embryonic development: a cell autonomous effect in vasculogenesis and a paracrine effect on neurulation, possible through exosomal communication between Flk-1+ progenitors in the mesoderm and neuroepithelial cells in the neuroepithelium. Intra-amniotic delivery of these survivin-enriched exosomes to embryos significantly reduced maternal diabetes-induced NTDs. Survivin-enriched exosomes blocked maternal diabetes-induced neuroepithelial cell apoptosis. Injections of the exosome inhibitor, GW4869, to nondiabetic dams inhibited exosome production and mimicked the teratogenic effect of maternal diabetes on NTD formation. Exosome inhibition by GW4869 triggered neuroepithelial cell apoptosis. Conclusion: The cross-talk between the extra-embryonic structures and the developing neuroepithelium through survivin-containing exosomes play a critical role for the proper neural tube closure. Altered communication between the yolk sac mesoderm and the neuroepithelium via exosome results in failed neurulation under diabetic conditions. The study uncovers the importance of exosome in diabetic embryopathy and the interrelationship between vasculogenesis and neurulation during early embryonic development.
Strong association between pre-eclampsia and increased risk of end stage kidney disease: A Swedish nationwide cohort study; Introduction: The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) is reaching an epidemic proportion with 10-12% of the global population showing signs of CKD. More recently, the scientific community has dissipated the importance of sex and gender in order to understand women's kidney health. We examined the association between pre-eclampsia and the risk of end-stage kidney disease (ESKD) in healthy women Methods: Using data from the Swedish Medical Birth Register, women who had singleton live births in Sweden between 1982 and 2012 were identified. Pre-eclampsia, kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, diabetes and gestational diabetes diagnoses were identified from the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish National Hospital Register. Women with a diagnosis of kidney disease, cardiovascular disease including hypertension or diabetes prior to the first pregnancy were excluded. The outcome was incident ESKD, identified from the Swedish Renal Registry from 1991 onwards along with the specified cause of renal disease. We conducted Cox proportional hazards regression analysis to examine the association between pre-eclampsia and ESKD adjusting for several potential confounders: maternal age, body mass index, education, country of birth and smoking. We performed subgroup analyses according to preterm pre-eclampsia, small for gestational age and women who had two pregnancies with pre-eclampsia in both. Results: The final study cohort consisted of 1,366,441 healthy women who had 2,665,320 singleton live births in Sweden between 1982 and 2012. During the study period, 67,273 (4.9%) women having 74,648 (2.8% of all pregnancies) singleton live births had pre-eclampsia and 410 women developed ESKD. There was an association between pre-eclampsia and ESKD in the unadjusted analysis (HR=4.99, [95% CI:3.93-6.33]) which remained in the extensively adjusted (HR=4.96, [95% CI:3.89-6.32]) models. Women who had preterm pre-eclampsia (adjusted HR=9.19; [95% CI:5.16-15.61]) and women who had pre-eclampsia in two pregnancies (adjusted HR=7.13, [95% CI:3.12-16.31]) had the highest risk of ESKD compared to women with no pre-eclampsia Conclusion: The present findings suggest that women with pre-eclampsia with no major co-morbidity before the first pregnancy are at five-fold increased risk of ESKD compared to parous women with no pre-eclampsia. Pre-eclampsia should be considered as an important, sex specific risk factor for subsequent ESKD. Whether screening and/or preventative strategies will reduce the risk of ESRD in females is worthy of further investigation.
Gestational diabetes is associated with fetal endothelial progenitor cells impairment; Introduction: Offsprings of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies exhibit a long-term increased risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, likely caused by aberrant fetal cell programming incurred in utero. The present study was to evaluate the difference in fetal endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) between normal and GDM pregnancies. Methods: The CD133+/C-kit+/Lin- (CKL-) umbilical cord blood EPCs was isolated from gestationally matched normal and GDM (n=10 each) pregnancies at the time of delivery. Proliferation and differentiation capacity of EPCs and angiogenic function of outgrowth endothelial cells (OECs) generated from EPCs were compared between normal and GDM. The profile of differentially expressed microRNAs (miRNAs) in (CKL-) EPCs of patient with GDM and normal was studied using miRNA microarrary analysis. Results: The GDM-derived CKL- EPCs exhibited no significant differences in both EPC number and differentiation activity when compared to control group. However, significant reduction in OECs proliferation, migration, adhesion, and tube formation activities was observed in GDM group. Furthermore, differentially expressed miRNA analysis between normal and GDM-derived CKL- EPCs demonstrated that reduced expression of miRNAs related to angiogenesis and Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) signaling pathway in GDM group, compared to controls. Conclusion: In our study, we reported for the first time the miRNA profile of GDM- EPC and suggest that miRNAs may participate in impairment of GDM-EPC through regulate the angiogenesis and VEGF signaling pathway.
Congenital hepatoblastoma in a growing health economy; A 43-year-old woman, whose pregnancy was complicated by the presence of a large single solid intra-abdominal fetal mass, was referred from the private sector into our fetal maternal unit at the Corniche Hospital, Abu Dhabi at 36 weeks postmenstrual age. Investigations subsequently confirmed that this mass was a congenital hepatoblastoma, one of the very rare embryonic tumours. The baby had chemotherapy and surgical excision of the tumour. Fifteen months later, the alpha feto-protein levels remain normal and follow-on MRI scans do not show recurrence or any residual disease. To our knowledge, this is the first case of congenital hepatoblastoma in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). In the UAE, the interphase between private health insurance schemes and medical (public and private) care within a growing health economy enhances access to unique services such as cancer treatments within specialised centres.
Newborn murmur management: A quality improvement study; Background: Murmurs are present in approximately 2% of newborn infants and the incidence of congenital heart disease (CHD) is much lower at 0.6%. There are currently no guidelines for appropriate management of otherwise healthy infants with murmurs in the newborn nursery. Echocardiograms are often performed in the evaluation of these infants. Prior studies have indicated that auscultation by pediatric cardiologists have a high sensitivity and specificity for pathologic murmurs, however, they are not always consulted prior to obtaining an echocardiogram. The purpose of this quality improvement study was to improve the appropriateness of echocardiograms ordered in asymptomatic infants with murmurs. Methods: This prospective quality improvement study followed the Institute for Healthcare Improvement's Model for improvement and implemented a new protocol for management of murmurs in newborns greater than 35 weeks gestational age and greater than 24 hours of life. Pediatric cardiologists were consulted for red flag murmur signs including diastolic, continuous, holosystolic, harsh, or murmurs with grades > III/VI. Infants with diabetic mothers, family history of CHD, abnormal prenatal echocardiograms, dysmorphic features, or in utero exposure to cardiotoxic medications were excluded. Data was gathered from May 2018 to November 2018 concerning infant's demographics, murmur characteristics, and echocardiogram results if applicable. Results: A total of 33 infants had a pediatric cardiology consult for a murmur evaluation. There were 18 infants excluded from the study for positive family history of CHD, being born to a mother with diabetes, or having an abnormal prenatal echocardiogram. Echocardiograms were recommended for only seven out of the 15 infants who received a pediatric cardiology consult. Infants who had an echocardiogram were predominantly female (86%) with an average gestational age of 39.2 weeks (+1.6 weeks). Echocardiographic findings included patent foramen ovale (n = 5), ventricular septal defect (n = 5), patent ductus arteriosus (n = 3), patent foramen ovale versus atrial septal defect (n = 2), and physiologic peripheral pulmonary stenosis (n = 2). One infant with severe pulmonary stenosis required transfer to the NICU. In 73% of infants (n = 11), there was consensus between the newborn nursery physicians and the pediatric cardiologists on the physical exam findings. Two of the infants did not have a murmur when the cardiologist examined. At our institution a cardiology consult costs $469, and an echocardiogram costs $5,314. Thus, compliance with our newborn murmur protocol over the study period resulted in potential health-care cost savings greater than $35,000. Conclusions: These early results indicate that obtaining a cardiology consult for asymptomatic newborns with heart murmurs may decrease the performance of low yield studies and increase appropriateness of echocardiograms resulting in more appropriate and cost-effective care.
Factors associated with diabetes-related clinical inertia in a managed care population and its effect on hemoglobin A1c goal attainment: A claims-based analysis; BACKGROUND: Despite evidence showing the benefits of treatment intensification following an elevated hemoglobin A1c (A1c), clinical inertia, or failure to establish and/or escalate treatment to achieve treatment goals, is a concern among patients diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Clinical inertia may contribute to increased health care utilization and costs due to poor clinical outcomes in MCOs. OBJECTIVES: To (a) identify factors associated with clinical inertia in T2DM and (b) determine differences in A1c goal attainment between patients who experience clinical inertia versus treatment intensification in a commercially insured population. METHODS: Medical and pharmacy claims data were used to identify commercially insured patients in a regional MCO with a recorded A1c≥8.0% between January 1, 2013, and December 31, 2015. In the 4 months following the first elevated A1c value (index date), patients were classified into 2 groups: treatment intensification or clinical inertia. Treatment intensification was defined as the addition of ≥1 new noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication, the addition of insulin, or a dose increase of any current noninsulin antihyperglycemic medication. Patients were required to have ≥1 follow-up A1c value 6-12 months after the index date and continuous enrollment in the health plan for 12 months before and after the index date. Patients were excluded if they had a diagnosis for gestational diabetes or type 1 diabetes or if they were on insulin in the pre-index period. The primary outcome of attaining A1c<7.0% was compared between groups after propensity score matching (PSM). Factors associated with clinical inertia were identified using logistic regression. RESULTS: 3,078 patients, with a mean (SD) age of 54.4 (10.6) years and a mean (SD) baseline A1c of 9.6% (1.7), were included in the study. Of these, 1,093 patients (36%) experienced clinical inertia. After PSM, 1,760 patients remained; 880 in each group. In the clinical inertia group, 23% of patients achieved an A1c<7.0% in the post-index period, compared with 35% in the treatment intensification group (P<0.001). A greater likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia was associated with baseline treatment with 2 (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.22-2.86; P<0.001) or ≥3 (OR = 1.78, 95% CI = 1.30-2.42; P<0.001) antihyperglycemic medications (vs. none), baseline age ≥65 years (OR=2.11, 95% CI=1.63-2.74; P<0.001), and diagnosis of coronary heart disease (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.10-1.88; P=0.007). A baseline A1c≥9.0% (vs. 8.0%-8.9%) was associated with a lower likelihood of experiencing clinical inertia (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.48-0.66; P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: More than a third of patients in a commercially insured population with T2DM and a baseline A1c≥8% experienced clinical inertia. Clinical inertia resulted in worse A1c outcomes over the 12-month follow-up period. Results of this study suggest that treatment intensification should be monitored, with efforts made to educate health care providers on strategies aimed at improving glycemic control for high-risk patients.
Impact of exercise during pregnancy on gestational weight gain and birth weight: an overview; OBJECTIVE: This article presents the state of knowledge related to the impact of exercise on gestational weight gain and birth weight. TRANSCENDENCE OF BABY WEIGHT: Birth weight is an important indicator of intrauterine environment and maternal and newborn health. There are several factors that can affect birth weight including mother's pre-pregnancy Body Mass Index (BMI), gestational weight gain, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), chronic diabetes and gestational age at birth. IMPACT OF EXERCISE DURING PREGNANCY: Physical exercise has the potential to prevent excessive gestational weight gain, GDM and the potential complications associated with obesity during pregnancy. Therefore, women who regularly exercise during pregnancy are more likely to have an appropriate gestational weight gain and in turn, an appropriate birth weight infant, preventing being LGA without increasing risk of SGA, and this reduces risk factors for later life chronic disease development in the child including cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes. RECOMMENDATIONS: It would be advisable to promote compliance with physical activity and exercise recommendations during pregnancy by using the specific resources to prescribe exercise to pregnant women without obstetric contraindications.
Gestational diabetes complicated by Ketoacidosis; Gestational diabetes (GDM) poses many challenges in pregnant women. However, ketoacidosis is usually only seen in type 1 diabetic patients. We present a 28-year-old primigravida with gestational diabetes who developed ketoacidosis. An ultrasound at 36/40 showed polyhydramnios and large fetal abdominal circumference. Blood sugar monitoring was diagnostic of GDM, and induction of labour was offered at 38/40. She was admitted for prostaglandin induction and was encouraged to hydrate orally as her urine showed 3+ of ketones. Initial blood glucose was unremarkable. Mother and fetus were mildly tachycardic. Following episodes of vomiting, IV fluids were administered. Urinary ketones did not improve. Oxytocin was started following artificial rupture of membranes. Maternal and fetal tachycardia persisted and serum glucose rose. A variable rate insulin infusion was required. Arterial blood gas analysis demonstrated metabolic acidosis with high ketones (8.0 mmol/l). A diagnosis of ketoacidosis was made. Labour progressed slowly and following increasing concern for maternal health she was delivered by emergency caesarean section. Postoperatively, the patient spent 48 hours in the high dependency unit being treated for diabetic ketoacidosis. The baby was treated for hypoglycaemia in NICU and discharged 24 hours later. Postnatally, all serum glucose and antibody tests were normal. She remains well.
A conundrum wrapped in a mystery!; Objective A case discussion of a woman who experienced sudden deterioration a few hours after an uneventful caesarean section. She needed to be in ITU and survived the crisis eventually after an incidental revelation. It was a near miss. Case description A 23-year-old para 1 with a BMI of 42, DCDA twin pregnancy and diet-controlled gestational diabetes. Background history of complex social issues, chaotic lifestyle, and smoking. An emergency caesarean section was performed at 34 weeks for preterm labour with leading twin in breech presentation. The caesarean section was uncomplicated. The woman became rapidly unwell 12 hours postoperatively with vomiting and epigastric pain and then became drowsy and less responsive. Observations of note were persistent hypothermia and elevated BP. Clinical signs were generalised oedema and bilateral basal crepitations. Inflammatory markers and lactate levels were raised. Chest X-ray and ECG were normal. Despite multidisciplinary input and appropriate treatment for sepsis and PET, the woman became progressively unwell. She developed pleuritic chest pain, drowsiness, hypothermia, tachypnoea with a MEOWS of 9 and developed AKI and metabolic acidosis. A CTPA and CT abdomen and pelvis was performed. Meanwhile, inflammatory markers progressively worsened with WBC of 50,000 and CRP of 245. She was transferred to ITU and intubated and ventilated as she developed ARDS. Conclusion The case highlights the importance of lateral thinking. We will arrive at the diagnosis with subtle clues along the way. Disclaimer: No prizes for guessing the right answer!
A diagnostic dilemma: A complication of pregnancy or diabetes at 33 weeks gestation?; Introduction Vomiting and abdominal pain in late pregnancy is a concern, andmay indicate severe obstetric, medical, or surgical diagnosis. Case A 27year old nullipara, type 2 diabetes on metformin, BMI 29, booked late at 18 weeks. HbA1c at booking 44 mmol/mol (6.2%). She went abroad and disengaged from antenatal care. By 30 weeks had developed significant polyhydramnios and fetal macrosomia (>99th centile). Metformin was increased and insulin commenced. At 33 weeks she developed severe vomiting, remaining at home for one week, intolerant of any oral intake. She attended after developing abdominal pains and vaginal bleeding. She had no fever, dysuria, or diarrhoea. She ceased metformin and insulin whilst unwell. She was tachycardic, yet normotensive and afebrile. The uterus was soft. Workup revealed acute kidney injury (creatinine 318 μmol/l) and ALT 172 iu/l. Bilirubin, albumin, INR, electrolytes, CRP, and full blood count were normal. Venous gas demonstrated pH 7.37, lactate 1.1 mmol/l, and glucose 16.9 mmol/l. Serum ketones were 3.8 mmol/l. Urine protein/creatinine ratio was 34 mg/mmol. Differential diagnoses included dehydration, starvation ketosis, diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA), acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP), pre-eclampsia, and placental abruption. An emergency caesarean was performed for persistent fetal distress, and abruption was found. Following delivery, she became acidotic, but improved following intravenous insulin and dextrose. She remained normotensive throughout. Discussion This case was challenging, as it was atypical. The precipitating factor for her metabolic derangement remains unclear. DKA has been described in type 2 diabetes. Criteria were not met for AFLP. The presence of abruption with proteinuria hints at pre-eclampsia.
What's new: Mode of delivery and postnatal outcomes in prenatally diagnosed congenital heart disease; Background: We aimed to investigate cesarean delivery (CD) rate in pregnancies prenatally diagnosed with CHD, factors associated with CD, and adverse postnatal outcomes compared to those delivered vaginally. Method: This is a retrospective case-control study of 336 pregnancies diagnosed with CHD between 2011 and 2016. Groups consisted of those delivered vaginally (control), and those via CD (study). Data included maternal, fetal characteristics, and postnatal outcomes (2 years survival). A p value of<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Complete data were obtained from 280 pregnancies of which 49% (n = 139) delivered vaginally, and 51% (n = 141) delivered via CD with primary rate being 60%. Most common five indications for CD were: repeat 39% (n = 55), abnormal fetal heart tracing 18.4% (n = 26), malpresentation 15.6% (n = 22), maternal request 11.3% (n = 16), and abnormal labor progression 9.2% (n = 13). Significant risk factors for CD were: advanced maternal age (p = 0.002), obesity (p = 0.03), multiple gestation (p = 0.02), gestational diabetes (p = 0.002), fetal growth restriction (p = 0.02), and abnormal umbilical artery Doppler (p = 0.006). Our data showed that pregnancies with fetal hypoplastic left heart, and hypoplastic right ventricle were significantly associated with obstetrical complications leading to CD (p = 0.007). These pregnancies also noted to have significant: low birth weight (<2500 g) (p = 0.00009), required more postnatal support (p = 0.00002), and significantly longer hospital stay (p<0.0000001) compared to vaginal delivery group. Conclusion: Cesarean delivery rate in pregnancies with fetal CHD noted to be as high as 51% (primary CD rate 60%), most of which due to obstetrical complications which resulted in significantly complicated and longer postnatal hospital stay compared to those delivered vaginally.
Diabetes in pregnancy: Is there a better way to assess fetal wellbeing?; Background: It is well established that prenatal mortality and morbidity are increased in pregnancies affected by diabetes compared to pregnancies not affected by diabetes. The risk of congenital heart disease is also significantly increased and contributes to the mortality and morbidity rates. There also risks of fetal macrosomia and unexplained sudden intrauterine death. NICE guidelines recommend monitoring pregnancies affected by diabetes with ultrasound assessment at 20 weeks gestation, especially to assess for structural cardiac anomalies, and at 28, 32 and 36 weeks gestation for fetal growth and amniotic fluid volume assessment. While polyhydramnios has been shown to occur more frequently with poor glycemic control this does not seem to be related to adverse pregnancy outcome. Detection of macrosomia by ultrasound in the third trimester is also suboptimal. The evidence for the use of fetoplacental Dopplers in diabetic pregnancies is also lacking. It is known that maternal hyperglycemia is a risk factor for both structural and functional fetal cardiac abnormalities and it may be that assessment of cardiac function will provide a better snapshot of fetal wellbeing. Methods: This presentation will cover various techniques of fetal cardiac function using 2D, M-mode and PW ultrasound as well as newer techniques of Tissue Doppler (TDI) and Strain imaging. Results: Data on longitudinal assessment of fetal cardiac function from pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus will be presented. Conclusions: Assessment of cardiac function may provide a better way to monitor fetal wellbeing in pregnancies complicated by diabetes.
A case of congenital cervical teratoma resulting in hydrops fetalis and fetal death; Background: Teratomas, although very rare, are the most common congenital tumours in perinatal medicine. Cervical teratomas account for approximately 3% of all congenital teratomas. They arise from an abnormal proliferation of pluripotent cells during embryogenesis in various organs. Case: We report a case of fetus diagnosed with a cervical teratoma at 26 weeks gestation leading to hypoplastic left lung and congestive cardiac failure. A 35-year-old G4P3 presented in the first trimester for antenatal care. She had a low risk CFTS and normal morphology ultrasound at 19 + 5 weeks. Insulin was commenced at 20 + 5 weeks for early diagnosis of gestational diabetes. A subsequent growth ultrasound at 26 weeks identified a fetal neck mass. A tertiary ultrasound revealed the fetal neck in a fixed extended position with a large, highly vascularized anterior neck mass (82mmx81mmx59mm) and fetal hydrops with extensive skin edema, pleural effusions, ascites, polyhydramnios, and likely impaired cardiac function. Discussion: Perinatal death can occur due to local mechanical effects and/or high output cardiac failure. Compression of the trachea can result in respiratory compromise. Cervical teratomas also have a known association with pulmonary hypoplasia although the predictive criteria remain unknown. High output cardiac failure due to tumor-mediated arteriovenous shunt and/or compromised central venous return can also cause perinatal death. In this fetus the left lung is hypoplastic while the severe hydrops fetalis and villous hydrops in the placenta are evidence of severe congestive cardiac failure. Cervical teratomas are considered sporadic accidents of organogenesis with a low risk of reoccurrence.
Gestational weight gain and severe maternal morbidity at delivery hospitalization; OBJECTIVE:To examine whether women who varied from recommended gestational weight gain guidelines by the Institute of Medicine (IOM, now known as the National Academy of Medicine) were at increased risk of severe maternal morbidity during delivery hospitalization compared with those whose weight gain remained within guidelines.METHODS:We conducted a retrospective cohort study using linked 2008-2012 New York City discharge and birth certificate data sets. Cases of severe maternal morbidity were identified using International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification codes based on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention criteria, which consists of 21 indicators of possible life-threatening diagnoses, life-saving procedures, or death. Multivariable logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between gestational weight gain categories based on prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and severe maternal morbidity adjusting for maternal demographics and socioeconomic status. The analysis was stratified by prepregnancy BMI categories.RESULTS:During 2008-2012, there were 515,148 term singleton live births in New York City with prepregnancy weight and gestational weight gain information. In 24.8%, 35.1%, 32.1%, and 8.0% of these births, women gained below, within, 1-19 lbs above, and 20 lbs or more above the IOM guidelines, respectively. After adjusting for maternal demographic and socioeconomic characteristics, women who had gestational weight gain 1-19 lbs above (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.02-1.13) or 20 lbs or more above the IOM recommendations (AOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.12-1.31) had higher odds of overall severe maternal morbidity compared with women who gained within guidelines. Although the increased odds ratios (ORs) were statistically significant, this only resulted in an absolute rate increase of 2.1 and 6 cases of severe maternal morbidity per 1,000 deliveries for those who gained 1-19 and 20 lbs or more above recommendations, respectively. Women with gestational weight gain 20 lbs or more above recommendations had significantly higher ORs of eclampsia, heart failure during a procedure, pulmonary edema or acute heart failure, transfusion, and ventilation.CONCLUSION:Women whose gestational weight gain is in excess of IOM guidelines are at increased risk of severe maternal morbidity, although their absolute risks remain low.
Relationship between prevalent cardiovascular disease and 6-year incidence of diabetes: Findings from the hispanic community health study/study of latinos (HCHS/SOL); Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) may prevent the adoption of healthy lifestyle habits such as physical activity, and thus may lead to weight gain and increased risk for lifestyle-related conditions such as diabetes mellitus (DM). Evidence suggests that medications commonly used in the management of CVD such as diuretics, β blockers, and statins are also associated with increased risk of diabetes. We examined the association of CVD with incident DM and investigated whether this association is mediated by change in BMI or medication use. Methods: Data from the HCHS/SOL Visit 1 (2008-2011) and Visit 2 (2014-2017) examinations were used to compare incidence of DM among persons with and without CVD at Visit 1. DM was defined using the American Diabetes Association criteria, and prevalent CVD using the Framingham Heart Study definition (i.e., self-reported history of coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, peripheral artery disease, or heart failure). Of the 8672 participants free of DM at Visit 1 and with complete data on DM at Visit 2 and on key covariates of interest, 2191 (25.3%) had prevalent CVD at baseline. A total of 2050 participants with CVD were matched to controls free of CVD at Visit 1 using 1:1 propensity matching. Covariates included in the propensity model were age, gender, educational attainment, marital status, Hispanic background, history of hypertension, family history of diabetes, health insurance coverage, chronic kidney disease at baseline, gestational diabetes, high cholesterol, metabolic syndrome, alcohol use, cigarette pack years, physical activity level, diet quality based on alternative healthy eating index, baseline BMI, baseline prediabetes. Matched pairs were analyzed. McNemar's test was used to compare incidence of DM among cases and controls. The mediating effects of change in BMI and medication use were examined. Results: Covariate distributions were similar among participants with and without CVD. The incidence of DM among persons with CVD was 15.7% vs. 13.6% among those without CVD (p=0.06). No natural direct effect of CVD on DM was found. The association between CVD and incidence of DM was not mediated by change in BMI. On average, BMI increased by 0.38 (SE=2.56) and 0.33 (SE=2.50) among persons with and without CVD, respectively (p=0.55). The association between CVD and DM was indirectly mediated by the use of beta-blockers (percent mediated=24.8%), statins (percent mediated=9.8%), and diuretics (percent mediated=8.9%). Conclusion: There is slight evidence that medications used to treat CVD increase risk for new onset diabetes.
The importance of placental examination in fetal deaths in a high-risk population: A single institutional experience; Background: Pediatric/fetal autopsies can bring closure to grieving parents and concerned clinicians. There are cases where the autopsy itself does not reveal any abnormalities. Our study shows that the placental examination is vital to the fetal autopsy and even more so in an institution with a great number of high-risk pregnancies. It can hold the key to the cause of death even in cases of previously undetermined causes. Design: A pathology database search was done to find all fetal autopsies with gestational age 20 weeks or greater, performed between August 2003-August 2018 at our institution.Undetermined cases in which the placenta was not available for examination were excluded from the review. The gestational age, cause of death, chief disease and placenta findings were recorded. The causes of death were classified according to gestational age in the following categories: fetal, congenital, infection, placental, cord accident, maternal factors, twin and undetermined. The gestational ages were divided as 20-28 weeks, 29-36 weeks and 37-42 weeks.Placental causes include infection, abruption, fetal and maternal vasculopathy and other pathologies native to the placenta.Maternal factors included gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia or maternal hypertension or other chronic diseases. Results: A total of 676 fetal autopsies were reviewed;406 male and 270 female.There were 335 total cases in the 20-28 weeks group, 214 in the 29-36 week group and 127 in the 37-42 week group.One hundred thirty-six female and 199 males were in the 20-28 week group, 78 females and 136 males were in the 29-36 week group and 56 females and 71 males were in the 37-42 week group. The top three causes of death in the 20-28 week group were related to placenta, fetal and umbilical cord at 40%, 16% and 12% respectively. In the 29-36 week group, the three main causes of death were placenta, undetermined and congenital at 34%, 20% and 16% respectively. The 37-42 week group also showed the three main causes being placenta, undetermined and congenital at 44%, 25% and 15% respectively. In almost half of the cases where the cause of death remained undetermined, the placenta revealed soft signs of intrauterine problems. Conclusions: The placenta was involved in 40% of all cases across all gestational ages. Placental examination is indispensable in all fetal deaths. It can even be helpful in undetermined cases by providing some idea of what may have happened in-utero.
Cardiovascular Disease-Related Morbidity and Mortality in Women with a History of Pregnancy Complications: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis; Background: Women with a history of certain pregnancy complications are at higher risk for cardiovascular (CVD) disease. However, most clinical guidelines only recommend postpartum follow-up of those with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, or preterm birth. This systematic review was undertaken to determine if there is an association between a broader array of pregnancy complications and the future risk of CVD. Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, MEDLINE and EMBASE (via Ovid), CINAHL, and the Cochrane Library from inception to September 22, 2017, for observational studies of the association between the hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, placental abruption, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, low birth weight, small-for-gestational-age birth, stillbirth, and miscarriage and subsequent CVD. Likelihood ratio meta-analyses were performed to generate pooled odds ratios (OR) and 95% intrinsic confidence intervals (ICI). Results: Our systematic review included 84 studies (28 993 438 patients). Sample sizes varied from 250 to 2 000 000, with a median follow-up of 7.5 years postpartum. The risk of CVD was highest in women with gestational hypertension (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.3-2.2), preeclampsia (OR 2.7; 95% ICI, 2.5-3.0), placental abruption (OR 1.8; 95% ICI, 1.4-2.3), preterm birth (OR 1.6; 95% ICI, 1.4-1.9), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR 1.7; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.5), and stillbirth (OR 1.5; 95% ICI, 1.1-2.1). A consistent trend was seen for low birth weight and small-for-gestational-age birth weight but not for miscarriage. Conclusions: Women with a broader array of pregnancy complications, including placental abruption and stillbirth, are at increased risk of future CVD. The findings support the need for assessment and risk factor management beyond the postpartum period.
Fetal cardiac growth is associated with in utero gut colonization; Background and aims: Intra-uterine metabolic environment predicts newborns’ cardiac morphology, metabolism and future health. In adults, gut microbiota composition relates to altered cardiac structure and metabolism. We investigated the relationship between gut microbiota colonization and fetal cardiac growth. Methods and results: Bacterial composition in meconium samples of 26 healthy, full-term newborns was assessed by 16S rDNA gene sequencing. Its relationship with birth echocardiographic parameters, and the interaction with cord blood levels of inflammatory markers were investigated. Correlative and cluster analysis, linear discriminant analysis effect size and predictive functional analysis based on Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathways were applied. Fetal left ventricle growth was related to gut microbiota composition at birth. Specifically, left ventricle posterior wall thickness (LVPW) greater than 4 mm was associated with lower microbiota beta and alpha diversity, depletion (LDA score > 3) of several bacteria at each taxonomic level, including Lactobacillales, and enrichment (LDA score > 5) in Enterobacteriales and Enterobacteriaceae. The latter was significantly related to cord blood gamma-glutamyltransferase levels (r = 0.58, p = 0.0057). Functionally, a thicker LVPW was related to up-regulation of pathways involved in lipopolysaccharide biosynthesis (+50%, p = 0.045 in correlative analysis) and energy metabolism (+12%, p = 0.028), and down-regulation of pathways involved in xenobiotic biodegradation (−21 to −53%, p = 0.0063–0.039), PPAR signaling (−24%, p = 0.021) and cardiac muscle contraction (−100%, p = 0.049). Conclusion: Fetal cardiac growth and gut colonization are associated. Greater neonatal LVPW thickness is related to lower diversity of the gut microbiota community, depletion of bacteria having anti-remodeling effects, and enrichment in bacteria functionally linked to inflammation.
Review of general suggestions on physical activity to prevent and treat gestational and pre-existing diabetes during pregnancy and in postpartum; The aim of this review is to provide general suggestions on physical activity (PA) in pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and encourage women to take part in safe and effective activities throughout pregnancy, in the absence of other contraindications. PA before and during pregnancy and in postpartum has many positive effects on the mother, as it could reduce the risk of GDM, excessive weight gain and lower back pain and also prevents, in the postpartum, diabetes mellitus. It may also reduce the duration of labour and complications at childbirth, fatigue, stress, anxiety and depression, thereby leading to an improved sense of wellbeing. Clinically, it is thought to help prevent preeclampsia and premature birth even though RCTs provide conflicting evidence with regard to the prevention of GDM. The main reason for this rests on the fact that the majority of clinical trials have not been able to replicate the preventive effect of PA on the onset of GDM, such as the different adherence of the patient to PA. Herein, we survey the literature regarding exercise and PA on GDM prevention and treatment as well as on clinical outcomes in pre-GDM in pregnancy. On the basis of the current literature, we also present a series of general recommendations and suggestions on PA and exercise training in pregnancy among both diabetic patients and those at risk for GDM.
A comparison of meperidine and fentanyl for labor pain reduction in Phramongkutklao hospital; Objective: To compare the efficacy between meperidine and fentanyl for labor pain reduction. Materials and Methods: The present study was a randomized controlled trial conducted in term singleton pregnant women planning for vaginal delivery, between August 7, 2017 and January 6, 2018. Women with opioid allergy, addictive substance abuse in the last year, asthma, fetus with anomalies, or cervical dilation more than 8 cm were excluded. The participants were allocated to receive either intravenous meperidine (50 mg every two hours) or fentanyl (50 mcg every hour) during active phase of labor as maternal requested. Pain score was assessed at 0, 30, 60, and 120 minutes by a 10-point numeric rating scale. Maternal and fetal adverse effects, number of opioid administrations, route of delivery, and neonatal outcomes were evaluated. Results: Ninety-two subjects were allocated to meperidine (n = 46) and fentanyl (n = 46). Pain score at 30 minutes was reduced in both groups (meperidine 0.85±1.38 versus fentanyl 0.89±1.69, p=0.893), and pain scores were similar at 30, 60, and 120 minutes (p=0.779). Women in the fentanyl group experienced less nausea and drowsiness, and a more rapid heart rate but without significant difference. Abnormal fetal heart rate pattern after sedation occurred with similar frequency in both groups (meperidine 19.6% versus fentanyl 17.4%, p=0.788). No newborns required naloxone treatment. Conclusion: Fentanyl is as effective as meperidine to relieve labor pain with comparable maternal, fetal and neonatal adverse effects.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births; Purpose: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. Results: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05–1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91–2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25–1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30–1.68). Conclusions: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnant women with fibromyalgia: a population-based study of 12 million births; PURPOSE: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a rheumatologic disorder marked by chronic, widespread pain and associated comorbid conditions. The purpose of our study was to evaluate the effect of FM on maternal and neonatal outcomes. METHODS: Using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 1999 to 2013, we conducted a population-based retrospective cohort study consisting of women who delivered during that period. Logistic regression was used to compare maternal and neonatal outcomes among pregnancies in women with and without FM. RESULTS: Of 12 584 918 births during the 15-year study period, 7758 (0.06%) were to women with FM with rates increasing over the study period. Women with FM were more commonly older in age, overweight or obese, and users of alcohol, tobacco, and illicit drugs. They were more likely to experience anxiety, depression, and bipolar disorder. Women with FM were at greater risk of gestational diabetes, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and placental abruption. Women with FM more commonly had cesarean deliveries (odds ratios (OR): 1.11, 95% CI: 1.05-1.16) and births complicated by venous thromboembolism (OR: 2.34, 95% CI: 1.91-2.86). Infants of women with FM were more likely to be premature (OR: 1.35, 95% CI: 1.25-1.46) and have intrauterine growth restriction (OR: 1.48, 95% CI: 1.30-1.68). CONCLUSIONS: The prevalence of FM in pregnancy is rising in the US. FM is a high-risk pregnancy condition associated with adverse maternal and newborn outcomes.
Association between prophylactic low-molecular-weight heparin use in pregnancy and macrosomia: analysis of the Ottawa and Kingston birth cohort; Essentials Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) is used to prevent venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnancy. We evaluated the association between LMWH and large for gestational age (LGA) infants. We found no significant associations between LMWH use and LGA. LMWH does not appear to increase the risk for the delivery of an LGA infant. Summary: Background Low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), an anticoagulant, is the recommended drug for thromboprophylaxis and treatment of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in pregnancy. During pregnancy, LMWH is routinely prescribed to mothers with an increased risk of VTE or with a history of thrombosis. Although clinical reports of larger offspring born to women administered LMWH have been noted, no studies to date have evaluated or associated the use of LMWH and large for gestational age (LGA) infants. Objectives To determine whether there is an association between LMWH usage in mothers and the prevalence of LGA. Patients/Methods We performed an analysis of the Ottawa and Kingston (OaK) Birth Cohort and report characteristics of LMWH and association LGA (> 10%ile). We used coarsened exact matching (CEM) methods to account for bias and confounding. Results A total of 7519 women from the OaK Birth Cohort were included; 59 were administered LMWH during pregnancy (0.78%). Mothers prescribed LMWH had significantly greater BMI (P = 0.0001), age (P = 0.0001) and parity (P = 0.02). Gestational length was shorter among women administered LMWH compared to those without treatment (37.7 ± 2.0 vs. 39.2 ± 2.0, P < 0.0001), an iatrogenic finding. The odds ratio of an LGA delivery among women administered LMWH was 1.02 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.48–2.16; P = 0.96) in unadjusted analyses and was 1.15 (95% CI, 0.49–2.71) in the matched sample adjusted for maternal age, BMI and gestational age. Conclusions These results, although exploratory, provide indirect evidence of no increased risk of LGA infants among women prescribed LMWH.
Maternity Log study: A longitudinal lifelog monitoring and multiomics analysis for the early prediction of complicated pregnancy; Purpose A prospective cohort study for pregnant women, the Maternity Log study, was designed to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of bioinformatic data in pregnancy and explore the associations between genomic and environmental factors and the onset of pregnancy complications, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus and preterm labour, using continuous lifestyle monitoring combined with multiomics data on the genome, transcriptome, proteome, metabolome and microbiome. Participants Pregnant women were recruited at the timing of first routine antenatal visits at Tohoku University Hospital, Sendai, Japan, between September 2015 and November 2016. Of the eligible women who were invited, 65.4% agreed to participate, and a total of 302 women were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were age ≥20 years and the ability to access the internet using a smartphone in the Japanese language. Findings to date Study participants uploaded daily general health information including quality of sleep, condition of bowel movements and the presence of nausea, pain and uterine contractions. Participants also collected physiological data, such as body weight, blood pressure, heart rate and body temperature, using multiple home healthcare devices. The mean upload rate for each lifelog item was ranging from 67.4% (fetal movement) to 85.3% (physical activity), and the total number of data points was over 6 million. Biospecimens, including maternal plasma, serum, urine, saliva, dental plaque and cord blood, were collected for multiomics analysis. Future plans Lifelog and multiomics data will be used to construct a time-course high-resolution reference catalogue of pregnancy. The reference catalogue will allow us to discover relationships among multidimensional phenotypes and novel risk markers in pregnancy for the future personalised early prediction of pregnancy complications.
Pregnancy complications and premature cardiovascular events among 1.6 million California pregnancies; Background Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy present an opportunity to assess risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. We sought to determine whether peripartum cardiomyopathy and hypertensive disorder of pregnancy subtypes predict future myocardial infarction, heart failure or stroke independent of one another and of other risks such as gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction. Methods and results The California Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project database was used to identify all hospitalised pregnancies from 2005 to 2009, with follow-up through 2011, for a retrospective cohort study. Pregnancies, exposures, covariates and outcomes were defined by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes. Among 1.6 million pregnancies (mean age 28 years; median follow-up time to event excluding censoring 2.7 years), 558 cases of peripartum cardiomyopathy, 123 603 hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, 107 636 cases of gestational diabetes, 116 768 preterm births and 23 504 cases of intrauterine growth restriction were observed. Using multivariable Cox proportional hazards models, peripartum cardiomyopathy was independently associated with a 39.2-fold increase in heart failure (95% CI 30.0 to 51.9), resulting in ∼1 additional hospitalisation per 1000 person-years. There was a 13.0-fold increase in myocardial infarction (95% CI 4.1 to 40.9) and a 7.7-fold increase in stroke (95% CI 2.4 to 24.0). Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with 1.4-fold (95% CI 1.0 to 2.0) to 7.6-fold (95% CI 5.4 to 10.7) higher risk of myocardial infarction, heart failure and stroke, resulting in a maximum of ∼1 additional event per 1000 person-years. Gestational diabetes, preterm birth and intrauterine growth restriction had more modest associations. Conclusion These findings support close monitoring of women with cardiovascular pregnancy complications for prevention of early cardiovascular events and study of mechanisms underlying their development.
A case of congenital CMV; Case report Our patient is a newborn male delivered at 36 4/ 7 weeks GA via vaginal delivery to an 18 year old G1P0 Hispanic female. Maternal labs negative for GBS, HIV, RPR, Hepatitis B, and GC/CT. Rubella status unknown at time of delivery due to early prenatal care in Mexico. Glucose screen negative for gestational diabetes. Pregnancy complicated by oligohydramnios leading to induction of labor for non-reactive NST. Patient delivered 4 hours after AROM. Maternal Tmax 37.3. Patient born without complications with no resuscitation steps required, strong cry and HR >100. APGARS 7, 8 at 1 and 5 min. Pt SGA with weight 2150 g, length 46.5 cm, and head circumference 30 cm. Infant initially admitted to mother-baby unit but later transferred to NICU for persistent hypoglycemia. Treated with IV D10-W for 3 days with resolution of sxs and retention of euglycemic state with regular feeds. Patient with failed hearing screen x3 and incidentally found to have thrombocytopenia in the 30 s-40 s. IgM level and Urine CMV sent to assess for underlying cause of thrombocytopenia, hypoglycemia, and failed hearing. Urine CMV returned positive and patient started on Valganciclovir therapy. Thrombocytopenia improved but patient became neutropenic secondary to abx side effect. Valganciclovir continued with close monitoring of ANC to ensure it remained >500. MRI brain at 13 DOL with punctate acute infarct in the left frontal periventricular white matter and numerous foci. Patient's abx txt extended to 6 mos. Thrombocytopenia resolved by time of discharge and patient passed hearing screen bilaterally. Congenital cytomegalovirus occurs in 5-7/1000 live births each year in the US. Only 10% of affected babies are symptomatic at birth with majority of infected infants showing no clinical manifestations during newborn period. The most common complication of CMV is sensorineural hearing loss (SNHL), followed by cognitive impairment, retinitis, and cerebral palsy. There are no current universal screening protocols for early detection of CMV, though some institutions have implemented targeted screening for infants with SNHL at birth. Given relatively high incidence of congenital CMV and associated comorbidities, there should be increased awareness and education for pregnant women, emphasis on early detection given potential treatability, and consideration for universal newborn screening for CMV.
Historical and current adenosine receptor agonists in preclinical and clinical development; Adenosine receptors (ARs) function in the body’s response to conditions of pathology and stress associated with a functional imbalance, such as in the supply and demand of energy/oxygen/nutrients. Extracellular adenosine concentrations vary widely to raise or lower the basal activation of four subtypes of ARs. Endogenous adenosine can correct an energy imbalance during hypoxia and other stress, for example, by slowing the heart rate by A1AR activation or increasing the blood supply to heart muscle by the A2AAR. Moreover, exogenous AR agonists, antagonists, or allosteric modulators can be applied for therapeutic benefit, and medicinal chemists working toward that goal have reported thousands of such agents. Thus, numerous clinical trials have ensued, using promising agents to modulate adenosinergic signaling, most of which have not succeeded. Currently, short-acting, parenteral agonists, adenosine and Regadenoson, are the only AR agonists approved for human use. However, new concepts and compounds are currently being developed and applied toward preclinical and clinical evaluation, and initial results are encouraging. This review focuses on key compounds as AR agonists and positive allosteric modulators (PAMs) for disease treatment or diagnosis. AR agonists for treating inflammation, pain, cancer, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, angina, sickle cell disease, ischemic conditions and diabetes have been under development. Multiple clinical trials with two A3AR agonists are ongoing.
Metabolic follow-up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: Study protocol for the identification of a core outcomes set using a Delphi survey; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an increased lifetime risk for the development of glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease, depression and tumours. Despite this high risk of additional comorbidities, there is no standardised approach to the long-term follow-up of women with a previous diagnosis of GDM. Also, there is no standardisation of outcome selection and reporting in studies involving this population. This increases the risk of reporting bias and reduces the possibility of meaningful comparisons between studies. The aim of this study is to develop a protocol for a core outcome set (COS) for the metabolic follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with previous GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents. Methods/design: This protocol will describe the steps that will be taken in order to develop the COS. The study will consist of three parts: (1) A systematic review of the literature of the outcomes reported in previous randomised controlled trials of the follow-up at 1 year and beyond of women with GDM treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents; (2) A three-round, online Delphi survey with key stakeholders in order to prioritise these outcomes; and (3) A consensus meeting where the final COS will be decided. Discussion: The proposed protocol is the first step in developing a COS that will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome selection and reporting in GDM women treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents.
Exosomes of pasteurized milk: Potential pathogens of Western diseases 06 Biological Sciences 0601 Biochemistry and Cell Biology; Milk consumption is a hallmark of western diet. According to common believes, milk consumption has beneficial effects for human health. Pasteurization of cow's milk protects thermolabile vitamins and other organic compounds including bioactive and bioavailable exosomes and extracellular vesicles in the range of 40-120 nm, which are pivotal mediators of cell communication via systemic transfer of specific micro-ribonucleic acids, mRNAs and regulatory proteins such as transforming growth factor-β. There is compelling evidence that human and bovine milk exosomes play a crucial role for adequate metabolic and immunological programming of the newborn infant at the beginning of extrauterine life. Milk exosomes assist in executing an anabolic, growth-promoting and immunological program confined to the postnatal period in all mammals. However, epidemiological and translational evidence presented in this review indicates that continuous exposure of humans to exosomes of pasteurized milk may confer a substantial risk for the development of chronic diseases of civilization including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus, osteoporosis, common cancers (prostate, breast, liver, B-cells) as well as Parkinson's disease. Exosomes of pasteurized milk may represent new pathogens that should not reach the human food chain.
Gestational diabetes risk factors and long-term consequences for both mother and offspring: a literature review; Introduction: Established risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) include ethnicity, obesity, and family history of diabetes. Untreated GDM patients have higher rates of maternal and perinatal morbidity. GDM is an independent risk factor for future longer-term risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular morbidity, malignancies, ophthalmic, psychiatric, and renal disease in the mother. Offspring risk long-term adverse health outcomes, including T2DM, subsequent obesity, impacted neurodevelopmental outcome, increased neuropsychiatric morbidity, and ophthalmic disease. Areas covered: We critically review data from retrospective, prospective, and meta-analysis studies pertaining to established GDM risk factors, complications during pregnancy and birth (both mother and offspring), and long-term consequences (both mother and offspring). Expert commentary: Many of the adverse consequences of GDM might be avoided with proper management and treatment. Patients belonging to high-risk ethnic groups, and/or with body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m2, and/or known history of diabetes in first-degree relatives may benefit from universal screening and diagnostic criteria proposed by the International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG). The IADPSG one-step method has several advantages, including simplicity of execution, greater patient-friendliness, and higher diagnostic accuracy. Additionally, evidence suggests that the recent increased popularity of bariatric surgery will help to decrease GDM rates over next 5 years. Similarly, metformin may be useful for treating and preventing obstetrical complications in confirmed GDM patients.
Elevated plasma soluble (pro)renin receptor levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and renal function in chronic heart failure patients with reduced ejection fraction; Soluble (pro)renin receptor [s(P)RR], which is generated from cleavage of (P)RR, can be detected in plasma and urine. s(P)RR levels can reflect the severity of some diseases, such as renal lesions, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension, and obstructive sleep apnea syndrome. However, the relationship between s(P)RR levels and the severity of chronic heart failure remains undetermined. We studied s(P)RR levels in 118 patients with chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF), including 86 without renal dysfunction (HF) and 32 with renal dysfunction (HF + RF), and 28 healthy subjects (HS) to reveal the relationship between s(P)RR levels and other HFrEF parameters. Plasma s(P)RR levels were 22.2 ± 4.1 ng/mL (HS), 26.4 ± 5.3 ng/ mL (HF) and 30.0 ± 5.3 ng/mL (HF + RF). Plasma s(P)RR levels were significantly higher in the HF group than in the HS group (P < 0.001) and even more increased in the HF + RF group (P < 0.001 vs. the HS group and P < 0.05 vs. the HF group). Multivariate regression analysis revealed that the left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) were independently related to s(P)RR levels in HFrEF patients. In conclusion, high plasma s(P)RR levels are associated with left ventricular remodeling and, especially, with renal dysfunction. Therefore, s(P)RR is a promising evaluative indicator for the severity of HFrEF patients.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Morbidity in Children Born Following Fertility Treatment; Objective: To determine the risk of long-term cardiovascular disease (CVD) among children born following in vitro fertilization (IVF) and compared with spontaneous pregnancies. Study design: A population-based cohort study including all singleton deliveries occurring between 1991and 2014 at a tertiary medical center was performed. Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years involving CVD were evaluated in children delivered following IVF, ovulation induction, and spontaneous pregnancies. CVD included valvular disorders, hypertension, arrhythmias, rheumatic disease, cardiomyopathy, ischemic heart disease, and heart failure. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were used to compare cumulative morbidity incidence, and a Cox regression model controlled for confounders. Results: During the study period, 242 187 singleton deliveries met the inclusion criteria; 1.1% following IVF (n = 2603), and 0.7% following ovulation induction (n = 1721). Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years involving CVD (n = 1503) were comparable in children delivered following IVF (0.6%), ovulation induction (0.7%), and spontaneous pregnancies (0.6%; P =.884). No significant difference in the cumulative incidence of CVD was noted between the groups (log rank P =.781). Controlling for maternal age, gestational age, birthweight, maternal diabetes, and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, fertility treatment was not noted as a risk factor for long-term pediatric CVD (IVF adjusted hazard ratio 1.05, 95% CI 0.63-1.74, P =.86; ovulation induction adjusted hazard ratio 0.97, CI 95% 0.55-1.71, P =.92). Conclusions: Singletons conceived via fertility treatments do not appear to be at an increased risk of long-term pediatric CVD.
Segmentation and classification in MRI and US fetal imaging: Recent trends and future prospects; Fetal imaging is a burgeoning topic. New advancements in both magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound currently allow doctors to diagnose fetal structural abnormalities such as those involved in twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, pulmonary sequestration and hypoplasia, congenital heart disease, diaphragmatic hernia, ventriculomegaly, etc. Considering the continued breakthroughs in utero image analysis and (3D) reconstruction models, it is now possible to gain more insight into the ongoing development of the fetus. Best prenatal diagnosis performances rely on the conscious preparation of the clinicians in terms of fetal anatomy knowledge. Therefore, fetal imaging will likely span and increase its prevalence in the forthcoming years. This review covers state-of-the-art segmentation and classification methodologies for the whole fetus and, more specifically, the fetal brain, lungs, liver, heart and placenta in magnetic resonance imaging and (3D) ultrasound for the first time. Potential applications of the aforementioned methods into clinical settings are also inspected. Finally, improvements in existing approaches as well as most promising avenues to new areas of research are briefly outlined.
Pregestational diabetes and fetal heart rate in the first trimester of pregnancy; Objective: The aim of our study is to evaluate if pregestational diabetes affects fetal heart rate (FHR) readings at 11–14 weeks of pregnancy. Study design: For each patient, we recorded age, body mass index (BMI), presence of pregestational diabetes, nuchal translucency (NT), FHR, crown-rump length (CRL), biparietal diameter (BPD) and gestational age. Pregnancies were grouped according to the presence or absence of pregestational diabetes and maternal and fetal variables were compared. Ordinal regression analysis was performed to assess the influence of maternal and fetal variables on the FHR. Results: We included 994 pregnancies from 2009 to 2016. Kruskal-Wallis test showed that median FHR was higher in women with pregestational diabetes than in controls (161; IQR 11 vs. 158; IQR 10, χ2 = 5.13, p = 0.02). Ordinal regression analysis showed that differences in FHR were significantly correlated with the presence of pregestational diabetes (p = 0.007) and the CRL (p = 0.042) but not with the maternal BMI, maternal age, gestational age, BPD and NT. Conclusions: First trimester FHR is higher in diabetic pregnancies than in non-diabetic pregnancies. Therefore, further research is needed to assess whether these pregnancies may benefit from a correction of FHR for a better estimation of the chromosomal abnormalities risk.
Circulating Pro-Neurotensin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Pro-Neurotensin (NT), a stable surrogate parameter of NT, has recently been introduced as a peptide predicting the development of obesity, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases, and cardiovascular mortality. However, regulation of Pro-NT in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) remains uninvestigated. Methods and results: Pro-NT was quantified in 74 women with GDM, 74 healthy, gestational age-matched, pregnant controls, as well as in a second cohort comprising of 74 healthy, non-pregnant control women, using a chemiluminometric sandwich immunoassay. Pro-NT was correlated to measures of obesity, hypertension, glucose and lipid metabolism, renal function, and inflammation. Mean ± standard deviation of circulating Pro-NT levels were not significantly different in women with GDM (100.2 ± 75.7 pmol/l) as compared to healthy, pregnant controls (103.2 ± 37.4 pmol/l) and healthy, non-pregnant female controls (105.9 ± 38.9 pmol/l) (p = 0.661). Homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and creatinine positively correlated with serum Pro-NT in multivariate regression analysis. In contrast, free fatty acids (FFA) were inversely correlated with circulating Pro-NT. Results sustained adjustment for pregnancy status. Conclusions: Circulating Pro-NT is not independently associated with GDM, but is with HOMA-IR, creatinine, and FFA even after adjustment for pregnancy status.
728: Pregnancy outcomes among leukemia survivors; Objective: Leukemia is the most common cancer among children and young adults and an increasing number of affected patients can expect a full recovery. The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and to examine pregnancy outcomes in this population. Study Design: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study on all births recorded in the Health- care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample between 1999 and 2014. We utilized ICD9 codes to identify deliveries to women with and without a history of leukemia. We determined the prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women and performed multivariate logistic regression to calculate adjusted odds ratios for various maternal-fetal outcomes among this group compared to a non-affected one. Results: Among the 14 513 587 births in our cohort, we found 1269 women with a history of leukemia, a prevalence of 8.74 per 100,000 births. The prevalence rose steadily over the 16-year study period from 4 per 100,000 in 1999 to 13.7 per 100,000 in 2014. Leukemia survivors were more likely to be under 25 years of age, Caucasian, from lower income quartiles, receiving medicare, and delivering in an urban teaching hospital as compared to the non-leukemia obstetrical population. These former cancer patients were also more likely to have pre-existing hypertension and to be smokers. After adjusting for contrasting baseline characteristics, we found that pregnant women who were leukemia survivors were more likely to undergo Cesarean sections (OR 1.35, 95% CI 1.17-1.54), have gestational diabetes (OR 1.36, 95% CI 1.08-1.70), experience threatened preterm labor (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.09-2.08), require blood transfusions (OR 1.89, 95% CI 1.24-2.88), and suffer venous thromboembolisms (OR 4.40, 95% CI 2.86-6.78). Preterm deliveries (OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.02-1.54) and congenital anomalies (OR 2.32, 95% CI 1.39-3.86) among their newborns were also more common. Conclusion: The prevalence of leukemia survivors among pregnant women has been rising. While the disease may no longer be active during their pregnancy, these former cancer patients may still have increased risks of several adverse outcomes and as such, should be monitored closely in centers with access to specialized care. Consideration may be given to thromboprophylaxis and preterm birth prevention in this at-risk population.
518: The risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension in pregnant women with nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; Objective: Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a risk factor for cardiovascular diseases in later life. Although the biologic mechanism is not well understood, it likely involves metabolic factors, inflammatory reactions, and endothelial dysfunction, all of which are known pathophysiologic factors in the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, including preeclampsia. However, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD has not been well established. This study examines the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN in pregnant women with NAFLD. Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a large prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with a singleton pregnancy designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes in women with NAFLD. Liver ultrasound was performed in all cases at 10-14 weeks of gestation and the degree of hepatic steatosis classified as Grade 0-3. At the time of liver ultrasound, maternal blood was taken and measured for selenoprotein P, a hepatokine that has been independently associated with NAFLD and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy-associated HTN was defined as the development of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or eclampsia. Results: Among 877 enrolled subjects, the risk of pregnancy-associated HTN increased significantly in patients with NAFLD (Fig 1). Grade 2-3 steatosis at 10-14 weeks was a significant risk factor for the development of pregnancy- associated HTN, even after adjustment for metabolic risk factors (BMI, fasting glucose). The concentration of selenoprotein P was significantly higher in women with NAFLD vs those without NAFLD at 10-14 weeks (p=0.001), and was also significantly increased in women who subsequently developed pregnancy-associated HTN vs those that did not (p<0.001) (Fig 2). Conclusion: Sonographic evidence of NAFLD at 10-14 weeks is an independent risk factor for pregnancy- associated HTN. Circulating selenoprotein P levels are increased in patients with NAFLD, which may be linked to the development of pregnancy-associated HTN. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
824: Maternal congenital heart defects and long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring; Objective: Due to advances in medical care available for patients with congenital heart disease (CHD), these patients now have a longer life span. As a result, the number of pregnancies of mothers with CHD has increased. The purpose of the current study was to examine a possible association between being born to a mother with CHD and long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Study Design: A population-based cohort analysis was performed including all singleton deliveries occurring between years 1991-2014 at a single tertiary medical center.The primary exposure was defined as being born to a mother with CHD. Offspring of mothers without CHD comprised the comparison (unexposed) group. The main outcome evaluated was cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring up to the age of 18 years. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence. A Cox proportional hazards model was conducted to control for confounders. Results: During the study period 242,342 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, of which 0.2% (n= 368) were of mothers who had CHD. Long-term cardiovascular morbidity was comparable between offspring to women with and without CHD (1.1% vs. 0.6%, respectively, p=0.298; Table). However, offspring of mothers with CHD had higher rates of hypertensive disorders during childhood (0.5% vs. 0.1%; p=0.021). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve did not demonstrate a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity in offspring of women with CHD (Figure, log rank p=0.251). In the Cox regression model, while controlling for confounders such as maternal age, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, delivery of a neonate to mother with CHD was not found to be independently associated with long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Conclusion: Offspring of women who have congenital heart disease are not at an increased risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
390: High Density Lipoprotein: composition and function in patients with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus class A2 (GDMA2) has short- and long-term effects on the mother and child, including placental abnormalities with endothelial damage and future cardiovascular disease. Trans- placental fatty acid and lipoprotein transport and turnover, including high density lipoproteins (HDL) might be involved in the pathophysiology related to GDMA2. The aim of this study is to assess changes in HDL quantity, qualitative composition and function among patients with GDMA2, the placentas and the neonates. Study Design: Thirty pregnant women (20 with GDMA2 and 10 with normal pregnancy (NP)) were recruited during admission for delivery. Blood samples were obtained from the parturients and umbilical cords, as well as placental tissue. Lipid profiles and Apolipoprotein A-I (APOA1) levels were assessed in blood samples. HDL and its associated proteins: Paraoxonase-1 (PON1) and APOA1 function and expression were examined in maternal blood and placental tissue. An in vitro model of endothelial cells was used to evaluate the effect of HDL on cell migration. Results: APOA1 (mg/dl) was lower in the maternal plasma of GDMA2 patients compared to NP (203±40 vs. 242±40; P=0.04). Maternal HDL release of APOA1 and PON1 was increased in GDMA2 compared to NP (1.97±1.1 vs. 1.0±0.18, P=0.027; 2.71±1.0 vs. 1.0±0.31, P<0.0001, respectively). Placental APOA1 and PON1 protein expression was lower in GDMA2 compared to NP (0.82±0.19 vs. 1±0.13, P=0.001; 0.63±0.24 vs. 1.03±0.37, P<0.0001, respectively). Lipid profile and APOA1 were similar in umbilical cord blood from GDMA2 and NP. HDL cell migration test in endothelial cells stimulated by the inflammatory factor TNFα was increased when cells were manipulated with GDMA2-HDL compared to NP-HDL (P<0.05). Conclusion: GDMA2 affects plasma HDL composition and function. Interestingly, HDL changes typical to GDMA2 are observed in maternal and placental samples but not in cord samples. These results might imply a placental role in protecting the fetus and require further investigation. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
498: Maternal diabetes and intrapartum fetal electrocardiogram (ECG); Objective: Fetal ECG ST-depression and ST-elevation are associated with fetal cardiac hypoxia. Diabetes is known to affect the fetal heart. The objective of this study was to evaluate whether these ST-changes occur more frequently in fetuses of mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (Pre-DM) or gestational DM (GDM) as compared to those without (No DM). Study Design: We performed a secondary analysis of a large, multi-centered randomized-controlled trial conducted at 26 US hospitals. Laboring women with singleton pregnancies at 36 weeks gestation or greater had fetal ECG scalp electrodes (Neoventa S31) placed and were randomly assigned to masked or unmasked ST- segment readings. In our analysis, we included subjects with available ECG-waveform analysis and excluded those with major fetal anomalies. Our primary outcome was the frequency of fetal ECG tracings with ST-changes (ST- depression or ST-elevation without ST-depression) compared according to whether women had pre-DM, GDM and No DM. Separate analyses were conducted for the first stage and the second stage of labor. Univariable analyses were performed to compare maternal characteristics across groups. All significant covariates (P<0.05) and duration of ECG monitoring were included in multivariable logistic regression models. Results: Our study included 5,436 eligible women in the first stage of labor and 4,427 who then progressed to the second. Maternal characteristics, several of which differed between groups, are displayed in Table 1. In the adjusted model, ST-depression occurred significantly more frequently in the fetal ECG tracings in the first stage of labor (aOR 2.14, CI 1.08-4.23) in Pre-DM compared to no DM. ST-depression occurred more frequently in GDM compared to no DM, however this difference did not achieve statistical significance (aOR 1.50, CI 1.00-2.26). In the second stage of labor, ST-elevation occurred more frequently in Pre-DM (aOR 1.91, CI 1.06-3.43) but not GDM (aOR 1.12, CI 0.81- 1.56), and ST-depression occurred more frequently in GDM (aOR 2.18, CI 1.08-4.39) as compared to No DM (Table 2). Conclusion: ST-changes in fetal ECG, a marker of fetal cardiac hypoxia, occur more frequently in fetuses of diabetic mothers. The effects of diabetes on the fetal heart are not limited to structural abnormalities. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
963: What's new: Mode of delivery and postnatal outcomes in prenatally diagnosed congenital heart disease; Objective: We aimed to investigate cesarean delivery (CD) rate in pregnancies prenatally diagnosed with CHD, factors associated with CD, and adverse postnatal outcomes compared to those delivered vaginally. Study Design: This is a retrospective case-control study of 336 pregnancies diagnosed with CHD between 2011 and 2016. Groups consisted of those delivered vaginally (control), and those via CD (study). Data included maternal, fetal characteristics, and postnatal outcomes (2 years survival).A p value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Complete data was obtained from 280 pregnancies of which 49 % (n=139) delivered vaginally, and 51% (n=141) delivered via CD with primary rate being 60%. Most common five indications for CD were: repeat 39% (n=55), abnormal fetal heart tracing 18.4% (n=26), malpresentation 15.6% (n=22), maternal request 11.3% (n=16), and abnormal labor progression 9.2% (n=13). Significant risk factors for CD were: advanced maternal age (P=0.002), obesity (P=0.03), multiple gestation (P=0.02), gestational diabetes (P= 0.002), fetal growth restriction (P= 0.02), and abnormal umbilical artery Doppler (P=0.006). Our data showed that pregnancies with fetal hypoplastic left heart, and hypoplastic right ventricle were significantly associated with obstetrical complications leading to CD (P= 0.007). These pregnancies also noted to have significant: low birth weight (<2500 gm) (P=0.00009), required more postnatal support (P=0.00002), and significantly longer hospital stay (p<0.0000001) compared to vaginal delivery group. Conclusion: Cesarean delivery rate in pregnancies with fetal CHD noted to be as high as 51% (primary CD rate 60%), most of which due obstetrical complications which resulted in significantly complicated and longer postnatal hospital stay compared to those delivered vaginally. [Figure presented]
237: Maternal HDL in early pregnancy as a risk factor for small-for-gestational-age birthweight; Objective: The pathophysiology of uteroplacental insufficiency is not well understood. One mechanism that has been proposed includes atherosclerosis of basal arterioles and diffuse lipid infiltration of the placental bed leading to an obstructive vasculopathy. High-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) is protective against atherosclerosis in adults, but the effect of maternal serum HDL levels on fetal growth is not well determined. We evaluated the relationship between maternal HDL in the first trimester and subsequent risk for small-for-gestational-age birthweight (SGA). Study Design: This is a secondary analysis of a prospective cohort study of healthy Korean women with singleton pregnancies designed to examine the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the setting of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) diagnosed by ultrasound. Maternal fasting blood was taken at 10-14 weeks’ gestation and lipid parameters measured. SGA was defined as birthweight <10th percentile for gestational age. Results: Among 937 women enrolled, 898 (95.8%) delivered at term. Of these, 73 (8.1%) were SGA and 825 (91.9%) were not. Maternal HDL levels at 10-14 weeks were significantly lower in women who delivered SGA neonates than those who did not (p=0.004), and the risk for SGA was significantly negative correlated with maternal serum HDL quartiles (Figure). This association remained significant after adjustment for maternal weight, height, and pregnancy -associated hypertension. Conclusion: Low circulating levels of HDL at 10-14 weeks are associated with a higher risk for SGA. [Figure presented]
495: Severe neonatal morbidity and mortality by maternal diabetes status; Objective: To quantify the magnitude of the association between maternal diabetes (DM) and severe neonatal morbidity and mortality. Study Design: Retrospective cohort study of women with a non-anomalous singleton who delivered between 24 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation from two large U.S. databases: MFMU Cesarean Registry (1999-2002) and Consortium on Safe Labor (2002-2008). The primary exposure was DM status: pregestational type 1 or 2 DM vs GDM vs no DM. The primary outcome was a composite of severe neonatal morbidity including RDS, mechanical ventilation, NEC, grade 3 or 4 IVH, and neonatal death. Multivariable logistic regression was used to estimate the association between DM and severe neonatal morbidity with three main comparisons: pregestational DM vs no DM, pregestational DM vs GDM, and GDM vs no DM. Results: 196,397 subjects met inclusion criteria: 63,929 (32.6%) from the Cesarean Section Registry and 132,468 (67.5%) from the Consortium on Safe Labor. Among these, 10,564 (5.4%) had GDM and 3,008 (1.5%) had pregestational DM. Compared to non-diabetic women, those with GDM and pregestational DM were older, had higher BMI, more medical comorbidities (chronic hypertension, cardiac disease, renal disease), more pregnancy complications (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia, cesarean, LGA neonate), and were more likely to be delivered at an earlier gestational age (Table 1). Pregestational DM was associated with higher adjusted odds of severe neonatal morbidity, compared to no DM and compared to GDM (Table 2). In contrast, there was no significant association between GDM and severe neonatal morbidity, compared to no DM. Similar relationships were observed for certain components of this composite, RDS and mechanical ventilation, as well as NICU admission. In addition, GDM was associated with a higher adjusted odds of NICU admission, compared to no DM. Using the final multivariable logistic regression model, the estimated probability of severe neonatal morbidity was 6.7% (95% CI 6.6-6.8%) among women without DM, 9.7% (95% CI 9.3-10.0%) among women with GDM, and 13.7% (95% CI 12.8-14.6%) among women with pregestational DM. Conclusion: Neonates born to women with pregestational DM were more likely to have severe morbidity and mortality, compared to those without DM and to those with GDM. Differences in severe neonatal morbidity and mortality were not appreciated for women with GDM compared to those without DM, however, there was an association with NICU admission. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
509: Risk factors, pregnancy complications and severe adverse outcomes associated with HELLP syndrome: a population-based study; Objective: To describe the incidence, risk factors and maternal and perinatal mortality and severe morbidity among women with HELLP syndrome. Study Design: We carried out a population-based cohort study of all women with a singleton birth in Canada (excl. Quebec), 2012-2015 (N=1,078,323). Demographic characteristics, HELLP syndrome, and associated neonatal and maternal morbidity were identified from delivery hospitalization data (including diagnostic/procedure codes). The primary outcomes were composite mortality/severe morbidity, including death and other severe morbidity in the mother (e.g., shock, obstetric embolism, cardiac arrest) and the infant (e.g., intraventricular hemorrhage, sepsis). Logistic regression was used to obtain adjusted odds ratios (AOR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) after adjustment for maternal age, socioeconomic status (SES), rural/urban residence, pre-pregnancy morbidity, and other factors. Results: The incidence of HELLP syndrome (n=2663) was 24.7 per 10,000 births, while the rates of severe preeclampsia and eclampsia were 23.5 and 4.31 per 10,000 births, respectively. Rates increased with gestational age (Fig 1). HELLP syndrome was associated with high SES, rural residence, obesity, excess pregnancy weight gain, nulliparity, chronic hypertension and diabetes, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, lupus erythematosus, placental disorders, breech/oblique presentation, use of assisted reproduction and congenital anomalies. Women with HELLP had elevated mortality (AOR=7.64, CI 1.02-57.39) and mortality/severe morbidity (AOR=7.70, CI 6.87-8.63). Their rates of perinatal mortality and neonatal mortality/severe morbidity were also increased (AOR=4.37, CI 2.73-6.98 and AOR=12.10, CI 10.89-13.45; respectively). Conclusion: HELLP syndrome incidence increases with increasing gestational age, is associated with specific pre- pregnancy and pregnancy risk factors and results in substantially higher rates of maternal and perinatal mortality and severe morbidity. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
450: Postpartum counseling after hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Objective: Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) should be counseled on lifelong cardiometabolic risks. We sought to describe the frequency and content of postpartum counseling among women with HDP and compare this to postpartum contraceptive and glucose tolerance counseling. Study Design: We developed a prospective cohort of women with HDP excluding those with chronic hypertension. We enrolled between 12/2016 and 1/2018 and included women if they returned for a postpartum visit. Contents of the discharge summary and postpartum visit note were abstracted from the electronic medical record including date, blood pressure, hypertensive diagnosis, contraceptive plan, glucose testing plan (if indicated), and counseling on HDP. We defined counseling as documentation of any of these: aspirin in a future pregnancy, follow- up with a primary care physician, or lifelong risk of cardiovascular disease. Descriptive statistics and odds ratios are presented. Logistic regression models estimated adjusted odds for receiving counseling adjusting for gestational age at diagnosis and severe features. Results: Seventy-four women enrolled in the study, of which 70 (94.6%) returned for a postpartum visit. Median time to the postpartum visit was 5.0 weeks (IQR 4.4, 6.0). A hypertensive diagnosis was documented for 45 women (64.3%) at the postpartum visit, and only 11 (15.7%) received any counseling. Five women each were counseled on taking aspirin in a future pregnancy and follow-up with primary care. Only 3 (4.3%) were counseled on lifelong cardiovascular risk. Age, BMI, insurance status, having severe features, and taking prophylactic aspirin in the index pregnancy were not associated with receiving counseling. Only earlier gestational age at delivery was associated with counseling in adjusted analyses (adjusted OR 0.49, 95% CI 0.27-0.89). All 70 women had a contraceptive plan or discussion documented, including 26 (35.1%) who chose a LARC method. All four women with gestational diabetes were counseled on glucose tolerance testing. Conclusion: Counseling on lifelong cardiometabolic risk after HDP is not routine. Provider education is needed to improve patient communication of risk and facilitate timely follow-up. [Figure presented] [Figure presented]
Associations between the level of trace elements and minerals and folate in maternal serum and amniotic fluid and congenital abnormalities; Congenital birth defects may result in a critical condition affecting the baby, including severe fetal/neonatal handicap and mortality. Several studies have shown that genetic, nutritional, and environmental factors may have an impact on fetal development and neonatal health. The relevance of essential and toxic elements on fetal development has not yet been fully investigated, and the results of recent research indicate that these elements may be crucial in the assessment of the risk of malformations in neonates. We determined the association between essential and toxic elements and the level of folate in maternal serum (MS) and amniotic fluid (AF), along with neonatal abnormalities. A total of 258 pregnant Polish women in the age group of 17–42 years participated in this study. AF and MS were collected during vaginal delivery or during cesarean section. An inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry technique was used to determine the levels of various elements in AF and MS. The results of this exploratory study indicate that the levels of essential and toxic elements are associated with fetal and newborn anatomical abnormalities and growth disorders.
POSTPARTUM BREASTFEEDING AND CARDIOVASCULAR RISK ASSESSMENT IN WOMEN FOLLOWING PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS; Objectives: To investigate the short-term effects of breastfeeding on hypertension, metabolic syndrome, serum glucose and cholesterol profile among postpartum women 6 months after a pregnancy complicated by hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, abruption, and preterm delivery. Methods: Our cross-sectional analysis includes 622 women with a pregnancy complication seen at 6 months postpartum between November 2011 and December 2017 at a tertiary care centre. We compared systolic and diastolic blood pressure, serum cholesterol profile, serum glucose, and estimated cardiovascular risk in women who did not breastfeed (n=100, 16%), who breastfed for less than 6 months (n=315, 51%), and who breastfed for 6 months or more (n=207, 33%) using descriptive statistics and multivariate linear and logistic regression. Results: Adjusted models showed that increasing breastfeeding duration significantly decreased the odds of metabolic syndrome (Odds Ratio [95% Confidence Interval]; 0.88 [0.80, 0.98]), a high lifetime risk score (0.92 [0.80, 0.99]), elevated (0.92 [0.84, 0.99]) or hypertensive systolic blood pressure (0.90 [0.82, 0.99]), abnormal fasting glucose (0.80 [0.67, 0.95]), triglycerides (0.88 [0.79, 0.97]), and ratio of total cholesterol to HDL-C (0.86 [0.79, 0.94]). BMI, waist circumference and non-HDL-C decreased (estimated coefficients [95%CI]; of −0.11 [−0.19, −0.03], −0.32 [−0.60, −0.04], −0.04 [−0.88, −0.07]; respectively) while HDL-C increased (0.03 [-0.02, −0.04]). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that breastfeeding for at least 6 months is associated with decreased indicators of cardiovascular disease risk in a cohort of women with a recent pregnancy complication and should encourage breastfeeding support and interventions in this population.
MALAT1 as a diagnostic and therapeutic target in diabetes-related complications: A promising long-noncoding RNA; Diabetes mellitus is a global issue with increasing incidence rate worldwide. In an uncontrolled case, it can advance to various organ-related complications leading to an increase in morbidity and mortality. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) appears to be a fairly novel lncRNA that is relevant to diabetes and its role in diabetic-related diseases initiation and progression have long been a subject of attention to many scholars. The expression of MALAT1 is elevated in different diabetic-related diseases. In this review, we demonstrate the various functions of MALAT1 in the different diabetes-related complications including ischemic reperfusion injury, retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, cardiomyopathy, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, gastroparesis, kidney disease, and gestational diabetes. The emerging evidence showed that the role of MALAT1 in diabetic-related complications is both pro-inflammatory and apoptosis in different cell types. These results concluded that MALAT1 is a potential diagnostic and future targeted therapy for diabetes-associated complications.
B lymphocytes are predictors of insulin resistance in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Backgroud: The present study aimed to investigate the association between immune cells and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and identify a reasonable predictor of insulin resistance in women with GDM. Objective: The clinical and biochemical characteristics of 124 women with GDM and 168 healthy pregnant women were compared. Methods: The percentage of immune cells in the blood of the subjects was analyzed by flow cytometry. Pearson’s correlation analysis revealed the correlation between the percentage of B lymphocytes and insulin resistance. A cutoff point was determined for the percentage of B lymphocytes, based on insulin resistance, using receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves. Results: Compared to the healthy pregnant women, the percentages of B lymphocytes and IgA produced by B-cells were significantly different in women with GDM. The percentage of B lymphocytes was positively related to insulin resistance.The number of 14.05% of B lymphocytes was an optimal cutoff point that predicted the insulin resistance in women with GDM. Conclusion: The percentage of B lymphocytes was positively associated with insulin resistance, and hence, might serve as an appropriate predictor of insulin resistance in women with GDM.
The seven-year epidemiological study of legal abortion caused by heart disease, blood disorders, diabetes and hypertension as referred to forensic medicine centers in Fars Province; Background. Chronic diseases such as uncontrolled diabetes, some types of heart disease, and hypertension are of the most common risk factors for high risk pregnancies and spontaneous or therapeutic abortions. Objectives. To investigate the legal abortion caused by heart disease, blood disorders, diabetes and hypertension as referred to forensic medicine centers in Fars Province from 2007 to 2013. Material and methods. In a retrospective, cross-sectional study, samples consisted of all documents of people referred to forensic medicine centers in Shiraz since 2007 to 2013, comprising of 1664 files. Data collection tools included a demographic forum and the checklist of abortion causes. SPSS.16.0 was applied to analyze the data through descriptive statistical analysis. Results. The most frequent age group was 25-29 years at 31.5% (n = 522) and the lowest was over 40 years old at 4.15% (n = 70). The statistical report of the reasons for legal abortion permission were 19% (n = 63), 24.4% (n = 81), 10.54% (n = 35), and 8.13% (n = 27) due to heart problems, blood disorders, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus, respectively. Most frequent legal abortion permits by forensic medicine due to maternal causes were between the years of 2011-2012 at 17.8-28% (n = 59-93). The relationship between legal abortion permission at The Forensic Medicine Center at different years and maternal ages was statistically significant (p < 0.00001). Conclusions. The most common prevalent reason of abortion was Blood Disorder - 81 patients (24.4%) and heart disease - 63 cases (19%). It is essential that family education and prevention of repeated pregnancies be done with high-risk women. Also, initiation of pregnancy care at lower gestational age in identifying risky pregnancies and timely control of complications must also be undertaken.
Obesity and the child's kidney; Chronic kidney disease is a global public health concern. Diabetes, hypertension, and obesity are major contributors to the global burden of the ease and are important traditional risk factors. Common obesity is a typical civilization disease with chronic metabolic changes. The adipose tissue is the largest endocrine organ in the body, and in its overgrowth there is a gradual but extensive cardiometabolic change due to insulin resistance, proinflammatory status and endothelial dysfunction with irreversible central dysregulation of energetic homeostasis. The cardiovascular and renal effects of common obesity may have their origins in childhood overweight. The early life nutrition has life-long effects on the susceptibility of an individual to develop obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and chronic kidney disease. Although the mechanisms of renals due to early life nutritional programming remain largely unknown, experimental and clinical studies suggest the burdening role of early life obesity in longstanding cardiovascular and renal diseases. The kidney can be programmed by a number of intrauterine and neonatal insults. Low birth weight is one of the most identifiable markers of a suboptimal prenatal environment, and the important intrarenal factors sensitive to programming events include decreased nephron number and altered control of the renin-angiotensin-aldosteron system. High birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes or obesity can enhance the risk for developing chronic kidney disease in later life.
Fasting may be an alternative treatment method recommended by physicians; Objective: Fasting is a practice found in many cultures both ancient and modern. Although, fasting (religious or otherwise) causes many physiological, biochemical, metabolic and spiritual changes in the body, there is no clear scientific consensus on its beneficial effects on health. Also, despite the popularity and potential promise of therapeutic fasting as a preventive measure, little is known about the prevalence of therapeutic fasting use. This study was performed to discuss whether could fasting be part of wellness? Method: It is reviewed lately conducted studies in regarding the impact of fasting or Ramadan fasting on health. It was searched, MEDLINE/PubMed and Google Scholar databases by using ‘Fasting’, ‘Ramadan fasting’ and ‘Intermittent fasting’ as keyword (publications between 2005 and 2018). Discussion and Conclusion: Research-based molecular and clinical studies on Ramadan and other fasting methods agree that fasting has positive effects on human health. Fasting lead to better metabolic health by reducing inflammation and oxidative stress. Fasting therapy may contribute to the treatment and prevention of chronic diseases including cardiovascular diseases, cancer, diabetes, and neurological disorders. It can be said fasting would take place in physician recommendations as a complementary treatment method in the near future.
Microphthalmia syndrome 9: Case report of a newborn baby with pulmonary hypoplasia, diaphragmatic eventration, microphthalmia, cardiac defect and severe primary pulmonary hypertension; Objective: Congenital defects/diseases Background: The pulmonary hypoplasia/agenesis, diaphragmatic hernia/eventration, anophthalmia/microphthalmia, and cardiac defect (PDAC) syndrome is a rare medical condition presumably of autosomal recessive way of inheritance with only a few reported cases. Recessive mutations in the STRA6 and both recessive and dominant mutations in RARB gene have been identified as the cause of anophthalmia/microphthalmia and other abnormalities included in the PDAC spectrum. However, those mutations have not been found in all PDAC syndrome cases reviewed from the literature. Case Report: We report a case of a full-term living male infant with pulmonary hypoplasia, left diaphragmatic eventration, bilateral microphthalmia, congenital cardiac defects, and severe pulmonary hypertension. Conclusions: The main feature in the reported cases was anophthalmia/microphthalmia. Therefore, screening for the other associated congenital anomalies is highly suggested. Mutations in STRA6 and RARB genes are commonly encountered in this spectrum. However, whole exome sequencing of suspected cases and their parents is recommended to detect possible de novo mutations. Further reports are needed to identify risk factors and prognosis of this rare syndrome.
Correlation between serum transforming growth factor β1, interleukin-6 and neonatal respiratory distress syndrome; Trend and correlation of transforming growth factor β1 (TGF-β1) and interleukin-6 (IL-6) in serum of children with neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS) were investigated. A total of 75 NRDS children born in the Xiangyang Central Hospital from July 2015 to August 2017 were analyzed retrospectively. A total of 45 NRDS premature infants who received pulmonary surfactant (PS) within 12 h after birth were treated as PS group, 30 who did not receive PS treatment as non-PS group, and 32 premature infants without NRDS in the same period were selected as control group. Serum levels of TGF-β1 and IL-6 were detected by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) at various time points after birth and their correlation was analyzed. The expression level of TGF-β1 in serum of children in PS group was significantly higher than that in control group on days 1 and 3 after birth (P<0.05). The expression level of TGF-β1 in non-PS group increased continuously with the increase of number of days and was significantly higher than that in control group on days 1, 3 and 7 after birth (P<0.05), and significantly higher than that in PS group on days 3 and 7 after birth (P<0.05). The analysis of the correlation between the severity of the disease and the expression levels of TGF-β1 and IL-6 showed that the expression levels were elevated with the increase of the disease severity. The expression levels of TGF-β1 and IL-6 were positively correlated with severity of the disease (r=0.7509, P<0.05; r=0.8056, P<0.05). The expression levels of TGF-β1 and IL-6 in PS and non-PS groups were positively correlated (r=0.9042, P<0.05; r=0.8905, P<0.05). The results showed that serum TGF-β1 and IL-6 were elevated in NRDS children, and there was a positive correlation between them.
Prevalence and Awareness of Pregnancy-related Vascular Complications in Women Undergoing Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI) for Coronary Artery Disease; Background: Women who experience complications of pregnancy including pre-eclampsia, hypertension and diabetes are at increased risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). Yet patients and their medical providers have low awareness of the significance of ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors. We aimed to determine the prevalence and awareness of pregnancy-related vascular complications in women with known CAD. Methods: Women aged 18-75 years who underwent PCI at three hospitals were prospectively followed for 12-months. Telephone interview was used to determine past pregnancy-related complications. Clinical records were retrospectively reviewed for documentation of pregnancy-related complications at the time of PCI admission or previous admissions. Results: A total of 725 women aged 18-75 (mean age 61.5 ± 6.8 years) underwent PCI for CAD across the three centres. A total of 75 women completed the 12-month pregnancy history interview. Obstetric maternal-vascular complications had occurred in 25.3% (19/75) of women with past pregnancies, consisting of pre-eclampsia 31.5% (6/19), gestational diabetes 36.8% (7/19) and hypertension 73.6% (14/19). Women with gestational complications compared to those without had similar BMI (mean 30.3 ± 9.9 kg/m2 versus 29.9 ± 8.0 kg/m2, p = 0.860), rate of baseline diabetes (42.1% vs. 26.7%, p = 0.211), and hypertension (73.6% vs. 60.7%, p = 0.309). Of the women with pregnancy complications, none of the patients (0/19) had obstetric history documented during the PCI or any previous admissions. Conclusion: Women treated with PCI for CAD have a >25% prevalence of previous pregnancy-related vascular complications. Despite vascular complications of pregnancy predicting future CAD, medical providers are not obtaining a history of these ‘non-traditional’ cardiovascular risk factors.
Therapeutic plasma exchange in hypertriglyceridemic patients; Background/aim: High triglyceride (TG) levels are associated with increases in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (CVD), hepatic steatosis, and pancreatitis. Acute pancreatitis is a condition with high mortality. Therapeutic plasma exchange (TPE) in the treatment of hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis (HTGP) is a rapid and effective treatment modality. In this study, the results of TPE were evaluated and the frequency of lipoprotein lipase (LPL) mutation in these patients was determined. Materials and methods: TPE was performed in 31 patients with HTGP at the Adult Therapeutic Apheresis Center. Results: A TG level under 500 mg/dL was achieved by applying apheresis at a median of 2 times (IQR 2–2, min 1, max 6) in the 31 cases. LPL mutation was detected in 8 (25.8%) of the 31 hypertriglyceridemia cases. When TG levels before and after TPE were evaluated, the mean TG level before TPE was significantly higher (3132 ± 1472 mg/dL) than the mean TG level afterwards (948 ± 465 mg/dL, P < 0.001). This result represented a decrease of 69.7% TG after TPE. Conclusion: TPE is a safe, fast, and effective treatment modality in experienced centers.
Risk factors for ischemic heart disease; Background: Several risk factors have been empirically linked to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Some of them are therapeutically amenable to modification; while others are not. Modifiable risk factors include physical inactivity, tobacco use, diet, “bad fats” in the blood, hypertension, and being overweight; while non-modifiable risk factors include the patient’s family history, the presence versus absence of diabetes mellitus, and demographic characteristics like age, gender, ethnicity, and socio-economic status. Methods: In this article, we review those risk factors that are both clinically important and amenable to change. Conclusion: To prevent cardiovascular disease, it is important to minimize modifiable risk factors, like LDL cholesterol.
Maternal and foetal medical conditions during pregnancy as determinants of intrapartum stillbirth in public health facilities of addis ababa: A case-control study; Introduction: globally, intrapartum stillbirth accounts for 1 million deaths of babies annually, representing approximately one-third of global stillbirth toll. Intrapartum stillbirth occurs due to causes ranging from maternal medical and obstetric conditions; access to quality obstetric care services during pregnancy; and types, timing and quality of intrapartum care. Different medical conditions including hypertensive & metabolic disorders, infections and nutritional deficiencies during pregnancy are among risk factors of stillbirth. Ethiopia remains one of the 10 high-burden stillbirth countries with estimated rate of more than 25 per 1000 births. Methods: a case-control study using primary data from chart review of medical records of women who experienced intrapartum stillbirth in 23 public health facilities of Addis Ababa during the period July 1, 2010-June 30, 2015 was conducted. Data was collected from charts of all cases of intrapartum stillbirth meeting the inclusion criteria and randomly selected charts of controls in two to one (2:1) control to case ratio. Results: chronic medical conditions including diabetes, cardiac and renal diseases were less prevalent (1%) among the study population whereas only 6% of women experienced hypertensive disorder during the pregnancy in review. Moreover, 6.5% of the study population had HIV infection where being HIV negative was protective against intrapartum stillbirth (aOR 0.37, 95% CI 0.18-0.78). Women with non-cephalic foetal presentation during last ANC visit were three times more at risk of experiencing intrapartum stillbirth whereas singleton pregnancy had strong protective association against intrapartum stillbirth (p<0.05). Conclusion: untreated chronic medical conditions, infection, poor monitoring of foetal conditions and multiple pregnancy are among important risk factors for intrapartum stillbirth.
Prevalence of and risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus in South Africa; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse maternal, fetal and perinatal complications. Without appropriate glucose management, women with GDM and their offspring have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and other metabolic conditions later in life, thereby adding to the growing burden of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). This review provides an update of GDM in South Africa (SA), showing that its prevalence is increasing, and highlights treatment and management strategies currently employed. Although the increase in GDM prevalence may partly be due to less stringent diagnostic criteria, the role of the increasing obesogenic environment in SA is an additional factor. Future research should focus on reducing the rising obesity epidemic and in so doing aim to prevent the development of GDM in SA. Such initiatives will have a positive impact on decreasing maternal and child morbidity and mortality and the future burden of NCDs.
Original article efficacy of progesterone with different administrations in treatment of patients with early threatened abortion and its effects on serum progesterone level; Objective: This paper aims to explore the efficacy of progesterone with different administrations in the treatment of patients with early threatened abortion. Methods: Altogether 124 patients with early threatened abortion were retrospectively analyzed, and divided into an intramuscular injection group (progesterone was intramus-cularly injected) (n = 62) and an oral medication group (progesterone was orally administrated) (n = 62) according to different administrations. The two groups of patients were observed and compared with respect to efficacy, incidence of complications during pregnancy, incidence of adverse side effects, perinatal outcomes, serum progesterone levels before and after treatment, fetal heart rate changes, and clinical efficacy. Results: After treatment, progesterone levels in the intramuscular injection and oral medication groups were significantly higher than those before treatment (P < 0.001), and the level after treatment in the intramuscular injection group was slightly higher than that in the oral medication group (P > 0.05). The difference in the incidence of complications during pregnancy between the intramuscular injection group (6.45%) and the oral medication group (14.52%) was not statistically significant (P > 0.05). There was no statistically significant difference between the two groups in terms of the incidence of adverse side effects after treatment (P > 0.05), the incidence of infants with low Apgar score, perinatal malformation, fetal distress, full-term low-birth weight infants and cases of live-born infants (all P > 0.05). The total effective rate in the intramuscular injection group was higher than that in the oral medication group (P > 0.05). After treatment, the fetal heart rates in the intramuscular injection and oral medication groups were significantly higher than those before treatment (P < 0.001), and the rate after treatment in the intramuscular injection group was higher than that in the oral medication group (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Both the intramuscular injection and the oral administration of progesterone are effective for patients with early threatened abortion, without significant adverse effects on perinatal outcomes and fetal heart rate. Therefore, progesterone with different administrations can be chosen for the treatment of early threatened abortion according to patients’ conditions.
Rib osteomyelitis: A rare complication of varicella; Objective: To report a case of varicella complicated by acute osteomyelitis in order to remind of a rare and potentially serious complication of a very common pediatric disease. Case description: A previously healthy 3-month-old female infant with 10-day history of varicella was admitted to the hospital for fever, groan and prostration. The initial laboratorial evaluation was compatible with bacterial sepsis. By the third day after admission, a swelling of the seventh left rib had developed. The ultrasound and scintigraphy evaluation suggested rib osteomyelitis. Blood cultures were negative. The patient completed six weeks of antibiotics with favorable clinical, laboratorial and imaging evolution. Comments: Varicella is one of the most frequent exanthematic diseases of childhood and it is usually self-limited. The most frequent complication is bacterial infection of cutaneous lesions. Osteoarticular complications are rare, and rib osteomyelitis is described in less than 1% of cases. The main route of dissemination is hematogenic, and the most frequent etiological agent is Staphylococcus aureus. The prognosis is generally good and depends on early detection and antibiotic initiation.
Intrapartum Results on Differing Degrees of Ketonuria in Nulliparous Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus during Spontaneous Labor; To compare intrapartum results associated with differing degrees of ketonuria in nulliparous women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we implemented a retrospective cohort study comparing clinical characteristics among differing degrees of ketonuria and the duration and distribution of ketonuria at different stages of labor. We also analyzed adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes for each group. A total of 570 GDM deliveries were included; of these, 238 had negative ketonuria (41.8%), 180 had moderate ketonuria (31.6%), and 152 had ketosis (26.6%). The proportion of patients with a family history of diabetes significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria increased (P<0.001). Moreover, a significantly lower level of HOMA-IR (the insulin resistance index) was observed for the Negative group (P<0.001). The triglyceride (TG) level was significantly higher in the Ketosis group (P<0.001), and the total cholesterol (TC) levels significantly increased as the degree of ketonuria progressed (P<0.001). There were also higher maternal blood sugar levels and a significantly higher proportion of oxytocin augmentation in ketonuria cases (P<0.001). Over three-fourths of patients (75.6%) had a ketonuria duration of ≤2 hours in the Moderate group, 61.2% had a ketonuria duration of between 3 and 4 h in the Ketosis group, and most of the ketonuria cases resolved in the first stage of labor. As the degree of ketonuria progressed, we observed a significantly higher number of cases with fetal heart rate pattern III (FHR pattern III), meconium-stained amniotic fluid III (MSAF III), postpartum hemorrhages, prolonged labor, neonatal hypoglycemia, an umbilical cord arterial pH of <7.2, low Apgar scores, increased neonatal intensive care admissions, augmented forceps-assisted deliveries, and conversions to cesarean sections. The results showed that ketonuria is common during the intrapartum period and that the risk of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes may increase when complicated with ketonuria.
Role of Catalase in Oxidative Stress- And Age-Associated Degenerative Diseases; Reactive species produced in the cell during normal cellular metabolism can chemically react with cellular biomolecules such as nucleic acids, proteins, and lipids, thereby causing their oxidative modifications leading to alterations in their compositions and potential damage to their cellular activities. Fortunately, cells have evolved several antioxidant defense mechanisms (as metabolites, vitamins, and enzymes) to neutralize or mitigate the harmful effect of reactive species and/or their byproducts. Any perturbation in the balance in the level of antioxidants and the reactive species results in a physiological condition called "oxidative stress." A catalase is one of the crucial antioxidant enzymes that mitigates oxidative stress to a considerable extent by destroying cellular hydrogen peroxide to produce water and oxygen. Deficiency or malfunction of catalase is postulated to be related to the pathogenesis of many age-associated degenerative diseases like diabetes mellitus, hypertension, anemia, vitiligo, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, bipolar disorder, cancer, and schizophrenia. Therefore, efforts are being undertaken in many laboratories to explore its use as a potential drug for the treatment of such diseases. This paper describes the direct and indirect involvement of deficiency and/or modification of catalase in the pathogenesis of some important diseases such as diabetes mellitus, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, vitiligo, and acatalasemia. Details on the efforts exploring the potential treatment of these diseases using a catalase as a protein therapeutic agent have also been described.
An overview of the management of diabetes from preconception, during pregnancy and in the postnatal period; Diabetes is one of the most common medical conditions complicating pregnancy. Both pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes are associated with increased risks to the mother and fetus. These risks can be reduced by improving pre-conception and antenatal care. Pre-conception planning and care is important to ensure women are taking high dose folic acid, to optimise glucose control, to review medications and to screen for and manage any complications. All women with either pre-existing diabetes or gestational diabetes should be reviewed by the antenatal team every 1–2 weeks throughout pregnancy. This is to optimise glucose control and to monitor fetal growth and development. Women with diabetes in pregnancy should receive an individualised care plan for delivery. The exact timing of delivery will depend on maternal glucose control, fetal growth and any other complications. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes in pregnancy are at high risk of developing both gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the future. After delivery, they should be offered a fasting plasma glucose at 6 weeks or a glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) at 13 weeks to ensure that the gestational diabetes has resolved and an annual HbA1c.
Gender differences in stroke risk factors; Currently, there are a lot of studies on gender-related risk factors for stroke. However, contradictory data and the lack of a common view on the problem of gender-based approach to stroke prevention determine the importance of this problem. The most significant sex-non-specific stroke risk factors are hypertension, cardiac conditions, including atrial fibrillation, smoking, glucose and lipid metabolism disorders, excessive alcohol consumption, overweight, low physical activity and sedentary lifestyle, emotional stress. However, the incidence and significance of each stroke risk factor in women are different compared with men, due to wom-en’s reproductive status. Hypertension, atrial fibrillation, diabetes mellitus, abdominal obesity, migraine with aura, emotional stress and depression are more common risk factors in women compared to men. The stroke risk factors unique to women are the timing of age at menarche, pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, hormonal status disturbances, the use of combined oral contraceptives and hormone replacement therapy.
Calcitriol and Punica granatum extract concomitantly attenuate cardiomyopathy of diabetic mother rats and their neonates via activation of Raf/MEK/ERK signalling and mitigation of apoptotic pathways; We investigated the detrimental effects of diabetes on myocardium of pregestational streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic mother rats and their neonates via evaluations of oxidative redox, inflammatory and apoptotic pathways, also aiming to characterize whether calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract confer myocardial protection in hyperglycaemic dams and their foetuses via modulation of the Raf/ MEK/ERK cascade. Sixty Sprague-Dawley female rats were randomized into five groups (N = 12): control, diabetic, diabetic treated with calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract (PPE), and mated with non-diabetic healthy males. After confirmation of pregnancy, treatments were kept until gestational day (E-18). Serum and cardiac tissues of mothers and foetuses were collected and processed for biochemical, histopathological, and molecular assessments. We observed that, compared to the control, diabetic mothers showed dramatically increased hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia associated with decreased myocardial functions and disrupted maternal performance. Also, diabetic mothers and their neonates exhibited elevated levels of myocardial injury (troponin I, endothelin 1, creatine kinase-MB, lactate dehydrogenase), with increased pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin 1, interleukin 1β, transforming growth factor β) and oxidative redox. Concurrently, the MAPK pathway was significantly down-regulated with increased myocardial apoptotic activity. Furthermore, mRNA expression of angiogenic and fibrotic markers was significantly increased. Paradoxically, calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract alleviated these diabetic myocardial insults and normalized the aforementioned assayed parameters. Our findings hypothesized that calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract exerted cardioameliorative impacts due to their unique anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties, and thus may be a promising treatment that directly targets the secondary myocardial complications of diabetes in dams and their offspring.
Cardiometabolic risk factors and pregnancy outcomes: A systematic review; A progressive pregnancy is associated with vast physiological and psychological alternations which are essential for a normal fetal growth. However, these alternations have association with several pregnancy complications and poor birth outcomes.The present study aims to review the association of the physiological and psychological alternations during pregnancy and birth outcomes. The literature has been done using Google Scholar, PUBMED and Research Gate. Besides, manual searching has also been done. It was observed that the development of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM), Pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), Preterm birth (PTB), Spontaneous cesarean section (CS), miscarriage, stillbirth, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), low birth weight (LBW), large-for-gestational age (LGA), small-for-gestational age (SGA), macrosomia, macrosomia and other congenital anomalies were associated with the non-modifiable and modifiable risk factors. Hence, early initiatives should be taken by modifying the daily lifestyle to reduce the detrimental effects of the harmful factors on pregnancy and birth outcomes.
Clinical audit of Caesarean Sections performed at Dr George Mukhari Academic Hospital; Background: Complications during and post Caesarean Sections have been found to contribute significantly to maternal deaths in South Africa. The increase in caesarean section (CS) rates is considered a reason for serious public health concern. Objectives: The study aims to identify reasons for CSs, incidents of adverse maternal and foetal outcomes, and to determine the decision to delivery interval. Methods: Clinical records of women who underwent caesarean deliveries at Dr George Mukhari Academic Hospital (1 March to 31 August 2014) were included in this retrospective study. Descriptive statistics were used to analyse information on CS reasons, maternal, and neonatal outcomes. Results: Of the 5,232 deliveries during the study period, 2,074 (39.6%) were CSs. From the 894 studied cases, 80.9% were emergency CSs, while 19.1% were electives. Primary CSs constituted 69.2%. Foetal distress (33.9%) was the most frequent reason for emergency CS. A previously scarred uterus (59.6%) and foetal macrosomia (20.5%) were the most common reasons for elective CSs. Blood transfusion was the most frequent adverse maternal outcome (47.5%). The most frequent reason for Neonatal Intensive Care Unit admission was respiratory distress syndrome (38.5%). The mean decision to delivery interval for all emergency CS cases was 377.4 (±30.85 minutes). Conclusion: Foetal distress is the most common indication for an emergency CS.
Calcitriol and Punica Granatum Extract Concomitantly Attenuate Cardiomyopathy of Diabetic Mother Rats and Their Neonates via Activation of Raf/MEK/ERK Signalling and Mitigation of Apoptotic Pathways; We investigated the detrimental effects of diabetes on myocardium of pregestational streptozotocin (STZ)-diabetic mother rats and their neonates via evaluations of oxidative redox, inflammatory and apoptotic pathways, also aiming to characterize whether calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract confer myocardial protection in hyperglycaemic dams and their foetuses via modulation of the Raf/ MEK/ERK cascade. Sixty Sprague-Dawley female rats were randomized into five groups (N = 12): control, diabetic, diabetic treated with calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract (PPE), and mated with non-diabetic healthy males. After confirmation of pregnancy, treatments were kept until gestational day (E-18). Serum and cardiac tissues of mothers and foetuses were collected and processed for biochemical, histopathological, and molecular assessments. We observed that, compared to the control, diabetic mothers showed dramatically increased hyperglycaemia and hyperlipidaemia associated with decreased myocardial functions and disrupted maternal performance. Also, diabetic mothers and their neonates exhibited elevated levels of myocardial injury (troponin I, endothelin 1, creatine kinase-MB, lactate dehydrogenase), with increased pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin 1, interleukin 1β, transforming growth factor β) and oxidative redox. Concurrently, the MAPK pathway was significantly down-regulated with increased myocardial apoptotic activity. Furthermore, mRNA expression of angiogenic and fibrotic markers was significantly increased. Paradoxically, calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract alleviated these diabetic myocardial insults and normalized the aforementioned assayed parameters. Our findings hypothesized that calcitriol and/or pomegranate peel extract exerted cardioameliorative impacts due to their unique anti-oxidative and anti-inflammatory properties, and thus may be a promising treatment that directly targets the secondary myocardial complications of diabetes in dams and their offspring.
Quantification of fetal myocardial function in pregnant women with diabetic diseases and in normal controls using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE); The purpose of our study was to quantify the fetal myocardial function in pregnant women with diabetic diseases (FDM) and in normal controls (FC) using speckle tracking echocardiography (STE). In this prospective study, the myocardial strain and dyssynchrony were analyzed using STE in a transversal four-chamber view in 180 fetuses (53 FDM, 127 FC) between 19 and 39 weeks of gestation. The measurements of the global and segmental longitudinal strain of both chambers (2C) and of the single left chamber (1C) were executed offline via QLab 10.5 (Philips Medical Systems, Andover, MA, USA). We assessed dyssynchrony as the time difference between peaks in strain in the mid segments of both chambers (interventricular dyssynchrony, 2C_DYS) and of the single left chamber (intraventricular dyssynchrony, 1C_DYS). Measurements were feasible with a high median frame rate of 199 frames/s (1st quartile: 174, 3rd quartile: 199). The global and segmental myocardial longitudinal strain of 2C and 1C were decreased and 2C_DYS and 1C_DYS were increased in pregnancies with diabetes compared to normal controls. Our study demonstrates that fetal hearts affected by maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) show low myocardial strain values and high interventricular dyssynchrony. Two-chamber interventricular dyssynchrony has the potential to become a diagnostic marker for DM.
8p11 Microduplication Is Associated with Neonatal Stridor; We report a term male infant with congenital stridor secondary to tracheomalacia and a mild coarctation of the aorta. Developmental delay was noted upon follow-up. Whole genome SNP microarray analysis showed an ∼846-kb interstitial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 8 (8p11.21p11.1). We report novel clinical findings of this rare genetic condition.
3. Prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes: Standards of medical care in diabetesd2019; The American Diabetes Association (ADA) “Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes” includes ADA’s current clinical practice recommendations and is intended to provide the components of diabetes care, general treatment goals and guidelines, and tools to evaluate quality of care. Members of the ADA Professional Practice Committee, a multidisciplinary expert committee, are responsible for updating the Standards of Care annually, or more frequently as warranted. For a detailed description of ADA standards, statements, and reports, as well as the evidence-grading system for ADA’s clinical practice recommendations, please refer to the Standards of Care Introduction. Readers who wish to comment on the Standards of Care are invited to do so at professional.diabetes.org/SOC.
Using human sequencing to guide craniofacial research; A recent convergence of technological innovations has re-energized the ability to apply genetics to research in human craniofacial development. Next-generation exome and whole genome sequencing have significantly dropped in price, making it relatively trivial to sequence and analyze patients and families with congenital craniofacial anomalies. A concurrent revolution in genome editing with the use of the CRISPR-Cas9 system enables the rapid generation of animal models, including mouse, which can precisely recapitulate human variants. Here, we summarize the choices currently available to the research community. We illustrate this approach with the study of a family with a novel craniofacial syndrome with dominant inheritance pattern. The genomic analysis suggested a causal variant in AMOTL1 which we modeled in mice. We also made a novel deletion allele of Amotl1. Our results indicate that Amotl1 is not required in the mouse for survival to weaning. Mice carrying the variant identified in the human sequencing studies, however, do not survive to weaning in normal ratios. The cause of death is not understood for these mice complicating our conclusions about the pathogenicity in the index patient. Thus, we highlight some of the powerful opportunities and confounding factors confronting current craniofacial genetic research.
Placenta, secret witness of infant morbidities: The relationship between placental histology and outcome of the premature infant; Objective: The microscopic and macroscopic features of the placenta can contribute to the clinical understanding of premature delivery. The aim of our study was to figure out the relationship between the histopathological findings of the placentas of premature deliveries and its effects on neonatal morbidity and mortality. Material and Method: The placentas of 284 singleton preterm infants with <35 weeks of gestation were examined. Three groups were created as the normal, chorioamnionitis and vasculopathy groups according to the histopathological findings in the placentas of the subjects. Results: The mean gestational age of the infants in the study group was 30.5 ± 3.2 weeks, and the mean birth weight was 1588 ± 581 g. The pathology was normal in ninety-six (33.8%), vasculopathy in 153 (53.9%) and chorioamnionitis in 35 (12.3%). The gestation age of the infants was lower in the chorioamnionitis group. Moreover, retinopathy of prematurity, early onset neonatal sepsis, and duration of respiratory support were found to be higher in the chorioamnionitis group. In the vasculopathy group, preeclampsia and small for gestational age were found to be significantly higher. Conclusion: Histopathological findings of the placentas from preterm deliveries provided important data in determining the etiology of preterm delivery and outcomes of infants. Infants delivered by mothers with chorioamnionitis were particularly found to be more preterm, and these preterm infants would have a longer hospital stay, higher respiratory support requirement, and more serious morbidities.
Non-cholesterol sterol concentrations as biomarkers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis in different metabolic disorders: A systematic review; Non-cholesterol sterols are validated biomarkers for intestinal cholesterol absorption and endogenous cholesterol synthesis. However, their use in metabolic disturbances has not been systematically explored. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review to provide an overview of non-cholesterol sterols as markers for cholesterol metabolism in different metabolic disorders. Potentially relevant studies were retrieved by a systematic search of three databases in July 2018 and ninety-four human studies were included. Cholesterol-standardized levels of campesterol, sitosterol and cholestanol were collected to reflect cholesterol absorption and those of lathosterol and desmosterol to reflect cholesterol synthesis. Their use as biomarkers was examined in the following metabolic disorders: overweight/obesity (n = 16), diabetes mellitus (n = 15), metabolic syndrome (n = 5), hyperlipidemia (n = 11), cardiovascular disease (n = 17), and diseases related to intestine (n = 16), liver (n = 22) or kidney (n = 2). In general, markers for cholesterol absorption and synthesis displayed reciprocal patterns, showing that cholesterol metabolism is tightly regulated by the interplay of intestinal absorption and endogenous synthesis. Distinctive patterns for cholesterol absorption or cholesterol synthesis could be identified, suggesting that metabolic disorders can be classified as ‘cholesterol absorbers or cholesterol synthesizers’. Future studies should be performed to confirm or refute these findings and to examine whether this information can be used for targeted (dietary) interventions.
Placental chorioangioma associated with polyhydramnios and hydrops fetalis; A 27-year-old multigravida woman was noted on routine growth scan at 27 weeks gestation to have a central placental hypoechoic area measuring 6.7×6.0×4.4 cm. A subsequent magnetic resonance scan confirmed a solid mass in the placenta lying anteriorly; therefore, a preliminary diagnosis of giant placental chorioangioma was made. A repeat ultrasound scan at 30 weeks gestation indicated that the mass had increased, with the presence of polyhydramnios. The patient experienced reduced fetal movements at 31 weeks gestation. There was persistent fetal tachycardia at 33 weeks gestation, and consequently the neonate was delivered by emergency caesarean section. The placenta revealed a large chorioangioma. The neonate's birth weight was 2.85 kg and non-immune hydrops fetalis was diagnosed. The neonate improved significantly in the neonatal intensive care unit and is currently well with no medical problems.
Left ventricular mass in offspring of diabetic mothers: at 5–7 years old; Newborns of mothers with diabetes have increased risk for cardiac left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy. Diabetic pregnancy is also associated with in increased risk for obesity and hypertension, as well as for later cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. This study aimed to examine the connection between being the offspring from a diabetic pregnancy and having hypertension and obesity to the increased risk to have left ventricular mass (LVM) and altered LV geometry in childhood. We conducted a retrospective cohort study on 23 offspring of diabetic mothers and 23 sex- and age-matched control children at the age of 5–7 years. LVM and LV geometry were assessed using M-mode echocardiography and indexed for height2.7. Data analyses were adjusted for birth weight, current overweight/obesity status and blood pressure. Prevalence of increased LVM/height2.7 was higher in children of diabetic mothers, i.e. 43.5 vs. 8.7% in the control group (RR (95% CI) 5.0 (1.2–20.4), p = 0.007). The association between maternal diabetes and increased LVM persisted after adjustment for age, sex, birth weight, current overweight/obesity status and blood pressure, with regression coefficient of (95% CI) 5.7 (1.4–10.1), p = 0.01. Together, maternal diabetes, overweight/obesity status and blood pressure contributed 50% to the increase. Results showed that children of diabetic mothers were more likely to have altered LV geometry (RR (95% CI) 6.0 (1.5–23.9), p < 0.001). Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for increased LVM and altered LV geometry in childhood.
Endometriosis and Recurrent Pregnancy Loss as New Risk Factors for Venous Thromboembolism during Pregnancy and Post-Partum: The JECS Birth Cohort; Background Since venous thromboembolism (VTE) is one of the causes of maternal mortality, several guidelines recommend prophylaxis using low molecular weight heparin for women in high-risk groups. The number of large population-based studies examining predictors for VTE has been limited, and there has been no study based on a Japanese population. Objective Our objective was to examine VTE risk factor during the pregnancy and post-partum period. Materials and Methods A nationwide birth cohort study known as the 'Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS)' was conducted by the Ministry of the Environment. The subjects consisted of 103,070 pregnancies recruited by the JECS between January 2011 and March 2014. Pregnant women completed the questionnaires during the first and second/third trimester. Their medical records were transcribed by physicians or research coordinators at registration, just after delivery and at 1 month after delivery. Results The frequency of VTE was 7.5 per 10,000 pregnancies (77 of 103,070) during the pregnancy and post-partum period. After the adjustment of multiple covariates for each factor, endometriosis and recurrent pregnancy loss (RPL) were identified as novel independent risk factors for VTE. Adjusted odds ratios were as follows: 2.70 (95% confidence interval, 1.21-6.00) for endometriosis and 6.13 (2.48-15.16) for RPL. Threatened abortion, threatened pre-term birth, pre-term birth and caesarean section were ascertained to be risk factors for VTE. Conclusion Careful attention should be given to novel predictors, such as endometriosis and a history of RPL, to prevent VTE during the pregnancy and post-partum period.
Steroid-induced hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a term infant with shock; Case report A male infant was born at 37 weeks via c/s for non-reassuring fetal heart tones, decreased fetal movement, and polyhydramnios to a G3P2 mother with obesity, alcohol use during pregnancy, and poorly controlled gestational diabetes (HbA1C 8.5%). Apgar scores were 1/5/7. Arterial cord gas showed pH 6.93, CO2 115, and base deficit -11. Sarnat exam was consistent with moderate encephalopathy and therapeutic hypothermia was initiated. He was placed on high frequency oscillatory ventilation, inhaled nitric oxide (iNO), dopamine, and hydrocortisone shortly after admission. Echo on day of life (DOL) 1 showed mild left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and a moderately hypertrophic and dilated right ventricle with depressed function. Hydrocortisone and iNO were unable to be weaned for more than two weeks due to cardiovascular instability. Echo on DOL 8 showed severe right ventricular hypertrophy and a flat, thickened intraventricular septum. Serial echoes over the following week showed progression of septal hypertrophy with evolving LV hypertrophy and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction with peak gradient of 90 mmHg. The infant also developed sinus tachycardia >200 bpm with worsened dynamic outflow tract obstruction and hypotension that improved with esmolol. Due to the rapidly progressive nature of his ventricular hypertrophy, a metabolic and genetic work-up was initiated; ultimately negative for common heritable causes of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM). Hydrocortisone was weaned off DOL 16, and serial echoes on DOL 18-23 revealed significant and rapid improvement suggestive of steroid-induced HCM complicating mild HCM in an infant of a diabetic mother (IDM). Discussion Steroid-induced HCM is well described in premature infants, particularly among very low birthweight infants treated for the prevention of bronchopulmonary dysplasia. However, to our knowledge there are no reports of term infants of diabetic mothers with hypertrophy developing worsening HCM secondary to hydrocortisone use. This may be an under-appreciated side effect of hydrocortisone in the IDM population and should be considered in cases of prolonged cardiovascular instability.
Poor understanding of pregnancy associated health risks by pregnant women; Purpose of study Evaluate health literacy among pregnant women to highlight potential gaps in maternal health knowledge. Methods used This study was conducted in a prenatal clinic at a public teaching hospital and was approved by the John F. Wolfe Human Subjects Committee and the Research Committee of the Los Angeles BioMedical Research Institute at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center on an exempt basis. Potential subjects were provided a consent statement outlining the study goals, the voluntary nature of their participation, and a pledge to maintain their anonymity. Participants were asked a series of questions in English or Spanish on a one-to-one basis in private areas designed to assess the participant's knowledge of seven well recognized health risks (blood clots, diabetes, gallstones, hemorrhoids, high blood pressure, kidney infection, and anemia) associated with pregnancy. Statistical significance was identified using Chi Square tests with p<0.05. Summary of results 163 pregnant women were interviewed in the study; of which 85% were English speaking, 82.2% had at least some college education, and 65% had at least one prior pregnancy. When asked about seven known health risks associated with pregnancy 5.0% of the 162 women who responded to the questions were able to identify that all seven medical problems increased with pregnancy. Focusing just on the three most serious risk conditions (hypertension, gestational diabetes, and venous thromboembolism), 30.6% of women recognized that the risks for these conditions increased during pregnancy. Higher education was the only variable that correlated with knowledge, but only 48.7% of those with college education gave correct answers to the three risks. Conclusions Health literacy about pregnancy is dangerously low, even among a pregnant population. Public health campaigns are needed to educate reproductive age women about the health risks of pregnancy. From a clinical perspective, awareness of pregnancy health risks might motivate women to seek preconception care earlier in order to maximize the chances of better outcomes of both mom and child.
An audit on a routine antenatal nonstress testing program in pregnant women with preexisting diabetes; Introduction: The objective was to evaluate the effectiveness of routine (planned) antenatal nonstress tests (NSTs) in pregnant women with preexisting diabetes. Material and methods: A retrospective single-center study of 642 consecutive pregnancies in women with preexisting diabetes who gave birth to a singleton ≥22 weeks. Weekly planned NSTs were commenced at 33-35 weeks. In pregnancies with maternal-fetal complications, the initiation and frequency of the planned NST were individualized. Daily maternal assessment of fetal activity was recommended from 28 weeks, and decreased fetal activity indicated an unplanned NST. Data were collected from medical records, and local and regional databases. Results: In total, 3016 planned NSTs were performed, with a median of five (range 0-12) tests per pregnancy. Ninety-five planned NSTs (3.1%) were abnormal, a finding confirmed by retesting the same day in eight cases (8.4%), thus leading to delivery. Complications were present in seven of these eight pregnancies, whereas no fetal movements for the last 3 days were reported when the planned NST was performed in the eighth pregnancy. When specifically asked, five of the eight women stated that they had observed decreased fetal activity preceding the planned NST. In 86 pregnancies (13.4%), maternal perception of decreased fetal activity indicated in total 127 unplanned NSTs. The combination of decreased fetal activity and further obstetrical assessment led to delivery in 10 of these pregnancies (11.6%). One stillbirth occurred at 37 weeks in a pregnancy complicated by fetal achondroplasia and polyhydramnios, where the weekly planned NSTs had been normal. The overall stillbirth rate was thus 1.6/1000. Conclusions: Routine use of planned antenatal NSTs does not appear to be indicated in pregnancies in women with preexisting diabetes in the absence of maternal-fetal complications.
Hyperglycemia and beta cell function in pregnancy; Background: Hyperglycemia is the most common metabolic disorder in pregnancy and it complicates one in six pregnancies. AIM To evaluate beta cell function and prevalence of Hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy. Method: It was an observational study of 300 women with singleton pregnancy. Fasting serum c-peptide (FCP) and Oral Glucose Tolerance Test (OGTT) were done. Hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy was diagnosed using World Health Organization (WHO) 2013 criteria. Homeostatic model assessment 2 calculator was used to calculate beta cell function (HOMA2%β), insulin resistance (HOMA2IR) and insulin sensitivity (HOMA2%S). They were followed up to delivery. Results: The prevalence of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus was 22%, Diabetes in Pregnancy (DIP) was 2% and the rest had normal glucose tolerance (NGT). The mean age (years) of subjects with NGT was 30.1± 4.4, GDM 32 ± 3.9, and DIP 35.3 ± 2.3. The median FPG (mmol/l) IQR for NGT, GDM and DIP were 3.7 (3.3-4.2), 5.2 (5.2-5.6), and 7.4 (7.1-7.5) respectively. The median 2HPG (mmol/l) for NGT, GDM and DIP were 4.9 (4.1 - 6.0), GDM 7.7 (7.0 - 8.2), DIP 10.7 (9.0 - 12.5) respectively. The median FCP (nmol/l) were 0.3 (0.3 - 0.4), 0.5 (0.4 - 0.7), 0.7 (0.3 - 0.9) respectively. The differences in beta cell function between NGT, GDM and DIP were all statistically significant using the HOMA calculators. Conclusion: The prevalence of hyperglycemia first detected in pregnancy is high. Pregnant women with hyperglycemia have greater pancreatic beta cell dysfunction and increased rate of adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Impact of nutrient type and sequence on glucose tolerance: Physiological insights and therapeutic implications; Pharmacological and dietary interventions targeting postprandial glycemia have proved effective in reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes and its cardiovascular complications. Besides meal composition and size, the timing of macronutrient consumption during a meal has been recently recognized as a key regulator of postprandial glycemia. Emerging evidence suggests that premeal consumption of noncarbohydrate macronutrients (i.e., protein and fat “preloads”) can markedly reduce postprandial glycemia by delaying gastric emptying, enhancing glucose-stimulated insulin release, and decreasing insulin clearance. The same improvement in glucose tolerance is achievable by optimal timing of carbohydrate ingestion during a meal (i.e., carbohydrate-last meal patterns), which minimizes the risk of body weight gain when compared with nutrient preloads. The magnitude of the glucose-lowering effect of preload-based nutritional strategies is greater in type 2 diabetes than healthy subjects, being comparable and additive to current glucose-lowering drugs, and appears sustained over time. This dietary approach has also shown promising results in pathological conditions characterized by postprandial hyperglycemia in which available pharmacological options are limited or not cost-effective, such as type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, and impaired glucose tolerance. Therefore, preload-based nutritional strategies, either alone or in combination with pharmacological treatments, may offer a simple, effective, safe, and inexpensive tool for the prevention and management of postprandial hyperglycemia. Here, we survey these novel physiological insights and their therapeutic implications for patients with diabetes mellitus and altered glucose tolerance.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and obstetric complications; Gestational diabetes mellitus is not only an important medical, but also a serious social problem in developed countries. Despite the sufficiently high level of development of modern medicine, the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is gradually increasing and reflects an increase in the incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus worldwide. The specialized literature has been reviewed to analyze the main issues of the etiopathogenesis and diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus. The paper analyzes the data of Russian and foreign studies of the causes and risk factors of gestational diabetes mellitus. The presented materials demonstrate that gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with several maternal and fetal comorbidities in the short term and carries a high risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases for both mother and child in the future in the long term. In this connection, a search for universal markers is needed to identify women at high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.
A neonatal case with perinatal lethal gaucher disease associated with missense G234E and H413P heterozygous mutations; Perinatal lethal Gaucher disease (PLGD), a particular and serious form of type 2 Gaucher disease (GD), often causes lethality in utero or death within hours after birth. The typical clinical manifestations include non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF), premature birth, fetal growth restriction, fetal intrauterine death, or neonatal distress and rapid death after birth. Here, we present a premature neonate with GD whose main clinical manifestations included intrauterine growth retardation, anasarca, facial dysmorphia, ichthyosis, respiratory distress, hepatosplenomegaly, joint contractures, myoclonus, refractory thrombocytopenia, anemia, elevated levels of liver enzymes, bile acid and direct bilirubin, cholestasis, pulmonary hypoplasia, intracranial hemorrhage, and abnormal electroencephalogram. The activity of β- glucocerebrosidase was 0 in the peripheral white blood cells of the neonate. The sequencing analysis identified the presence of missense G234E and H413P heterozygous mutations in glucerebrosidase (GBA) exon 7 and 10, with the latter first observed to be associated with PLGD. This infant died at 73 days of age.
Regional differences in prevalences of obesity and adverse obstetric events in primiparous women in Finland 2006-2013; Introduction: In Finland, regional differences have been reported in overall population morbidity, eg from coronary heart disease. The aim of this study was to investigate whether regional differences can be seen in the prevalence of maternal obesity and in the incidence of obstetric and neonatal events in four regions in Finland. Methods: We extracted information from the Finnish Medical Birth Register on all women who delivered their first singleton newborn in 2006- 2013. Women with missing data on prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) or delivery unit (n = 4017) were excluded leaving 189 797 women in the study cohort. The data was compiled with International Classification of Diseases-10 codes from the Finnish Hospital Discharge Register. We categorized women to be living in four regions (Southern, Western, Eastern and Northern Finland) based on location of delivery units. We assessed the incidence of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, caesarean delivery and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) or large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infant by maternal obesity and region. Results: Prevalence of obesity (BMI ≥30 kg/m2) was 8.9%, 11.7%, 11.6% and 10.8% in Southern, Western, Eastern and Northern Finland, respectively (Table 1). Women in Southern Finland were older, leaner and more frequently non-smokers than in any other areas. Regional differences in the incidence of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and caesarean delivery were observed both among non-obese and obese women (Table 2). Non-obese women in Southern Finland and obese women in Southern and Northern Finland had a lower incidence of gestational diabetes than in other regions (p<0.001). Both non-obese and obese women in Northern Finland had a higher incidence of gestational hypertension than in any other region (p<0.001). In Western Finland both non-obese and obese women developed preeclampsia or had a caesarean delivery less frequently than in any other region (p<0.001). Nonobese women in Western Finland were less likely to deliver a SGA infant (p<0.001) but among obese women incidence did not differ according to the region (p = 0.187). Conclusion: Prevalence of prepregnancy obesity among primiparous women varies across different regions of Finland. There are also differences in the incidence of adverse obstetric and neonatal events. The findings may predict later differences in regional cardiovascular disease morbidity. (Table presented).
Blunted cardiac AMPK response is associated with susceptibility to ischemia/ reperfusion in Male offspring of gestational diabetic rats; Background/Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is closely associated with early perinatal complications and long-term health problems, such as cardiovascular disease, in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, particularly in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). However, whether GDM programs offspring susceptibility to cardiac I/R and the involvement of AMPK remain unclear. Methods: Streptozotocin was administered to rats during mid pregnancy; the postpartum maternal metabolome was assessed by chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Male offspring were subjected to body composition scanning followed by ex vivo global I/R. Cardiac signaling was determined by Western blotting. Results: The body weights (BWs) of the GDM male offspring were significantly heavier than those of the control group from the age of 8 weeks; the heart weights (HWs) and HW/BW were also increased in the GDM group compared to the control group. The ex vivo post-I/R cardiac contractile function recovery was significantly compromised in the GDM male offspring. The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC was elevated by ex vivo I/R in both groups, but to a significantly lesser extent in the GDM group. Conclusion: GDM male offspring rats have higher risks of overgrowth and intolerance to cardiac I/R, which may be due to a compromised AMPK signaling pathway.
Epigenetic Down-Regulation of Sirt 1 via DNA Methylation and Oxidative Stress Signaling Contributes to the Gestational Diabetes Mellitus-Induced Fetal Programming of Heart Ischemia-Sensitive Phenotype in Late Life; Rationale: The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. However, whether and how GDM exposure induces fetal programming of adult cardiac dysfunctional phenotype, especially the underlying epigenetic molecular mechanisms and theranostics remain unclear. To address this problem, we developed a late GDM rat model. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation by streptozotocin (STZ). Experiments were conducted in 6 weeks old offspring. Results: There were significant increases in ischemia-induced cardiac infarction and gender-dependent left ventricular (LV) dysfunction in male offspring in GDM group as compared to controls. Exposure to GDM enhanced ROS level and caused a global DNA methylation in offspring cardiomyocytes. GDM attenuated cardiac Sirt 1 protein and p-Akt/Akt levels, but enhanced autophagy-related proteins expression (Atg 5 and LC3 II/LC3 I) as compared to controls. Ex-vivo treatment of DNA methylation inhibitor, 5-Aza directly inhibited Dnmt3A and enhanced Sirt 1 protein expression in fetal hearts. Furthermore, treatment with antioxidant, N-acetyl-cysteine (NAC) in offspring reversed GDM-mediated DNA hypermethylation, Sirt1 repression and autophagy-related gene protein overexpression in the hearts, and rescued GDM-induced deterioration in heart ischemic injury and LV dysfunction. Conclusion: Our data indicated that exposure to GDM induced offspring cardiac oxidative stress and DNA hypermethylation, resulting in an epigenetic down-regulation of Sirt1 gene and aberrant development of heart ischemia-sensitive phenotype, which suggests that Sirt 1-mediated signaling is the potential therapeutic target for the heart ischemic disease in offspring.
Poor or fair self-rated health is associated with depressive symptoms and impaired perceived physical health: A cross-sectional study in a primary care population at risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Background: Psychosocial factors such as depressive symptoms should be considered when assessing cardiovascular (CV) risk. Depressive symptoms are suggested to be associated with poor perception of one’s health, i.e. self-rated health (SRH). Thus, assessing SRH could be a practical tool in CV risk prediction. However, SRH may also emphasize physical, mental or social aspects. Objectives: To assess the relationship of SRH and depressive symptoms, classic CV risk factors and perceived physical health among persons at risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Methods: In this cross-sectional study in a primary care population, 2555 persons (mean age 58 ± 7, 56% women) at risk for T2D or CVD were evaluated. Generalized linear statistical models were used to evaluate the association of depressive symptoms (Beck’s Depression Inventory score ≥10), CV risk factors, and perception of SRH and physical health (assessed by Short Form Health Survey). Results: Poor or fair health was reported by 40% of the participants. They had more unhealthy lifestyle habits and CV risk factors than subjects rating their health as at least good. Among those with poor or fair SRH, the prevalence of depressive symptoms was 36% and associated with perception of physical health. Conclusion: Poor SRH is associated with depressive symptoms and impaired perceived physical health. Assessing SRH might be useful for detecting possible depressive symptoms in patients in CV risk management and diabetes care.
Inflammation, depression and cardiovascular disease in women: The role of the immune system across critical reproductive events; Women are at increased risk for developing depression and cardiovascular disease (CVD) across the lifespan and their comorbidity is associated with adverse outcomes that contribute significantly to rates of morbidity and mortality in women worldwide. Immune-system activity has been implicated in the etiology of both depression and CVD, but it is unclear how inflammation contributes to sex differences in this comorbidity. This narrative review provides an updated synthesis of research examining the association of inflammation with depression and CVD, and their comorbidity in women. Recent research provides evidence of pro-inflammatory states and sex differences associated with alterations in the hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis, the renin–angiotensin–aldosterone system and the serotonin/kynurenine pathway, that likely contribute to the development of depression and CVD. Changes to inflammatory cytokines in relation to reproductive periods of hormonal fluctuation (i.e. the menstrual cycle, perinatal period and menopause) are highlighted and provide a greater understanding of the unique vulnerability women experience in developing both depressed mood and adverse cardiovascular events. Inflammatory biomarkers hold substantial promise when combined with a patient’s reproductive and mental health history to aid in the prediction, identification and treatment of the women most at risk for CVD and depression. However, more research is needed to improve our understanding of the mechanisms underlying inflammation in relation to their comorbidity, and how these findings can be translated to improve women’s health.
Sickle cell disease and pregnancy; Sickle cell disease (SCD) is the most common inherited hemoglobinopathy and is associated with increased risk of complications and early mortality. Nowadays, with improved health care facilities, antibiotic prophylaxis, vaccination, and availability of drugs like hydroxyurea, the life expectancy of SCD patients has improved. More women are reaching reproductive age group and are expressing their desire to reproduce. Though SCD adversely affects pregnancy, leading to increased incidence of maternal and perinatal complications like pre-eclampsia, preterm labor, IUGR, abortions etc., adequate care throughout pregnancy ensures a better outcome. Also, recent advancements in the fields of prenatal diagnosis and pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, help couples suffering from SCD to have a healthy baby. This paper focuses on the effects of SCD on pregnancy outcomes and effective management of complications during pregnancy, also comparing maternal and perinatal outcomes in studies conducted in different countries. The second part of the paper summarizes pregnancy management in SCD for better maternal and fetal outcomes.
“Young Stroke” Risks Potentially Linked to the Flammer Syndrome Phenotype: Facts and Hypotheses; Currently, the stroke is registered amongst the five leading causes of death and disability worldwide. From the European perspective approximately 1.1 million individuals become stroke diagnosed each year. The disorder demonstrates severe socioeconomic consequences: The associated total EU costs are as high as €45 billion annually. Even if the majority of the stroke cases are diagnosed in the elderly, about 10% of all patients experience the disorder at the age below 50 years – so-called “young strokes”. Moreover, the incidence as well prevalence of stroke in young adults is dramatically increasing worldwide. Further, the proportion of strokes with unknown etiology among the youngest subgroup of patients reaches up to 39.6–42% that remains largely unexplained. Therefore, specifically modifiable risk factors such as suboptimal heath conditions are proposed to be considered for innovative risk assessment in the “young stroke” prediction and prevention. Due to symptoms characteristic for the Flammer syndrome (FS), we hypothesised a potential relationship between FS phenotype and increased risks for the “young stroke” predisposition. FS characteristic symptoms and signs analysed in the chapter may further synergistically contribute to the cerebrovascular events being potentially indicative for the stroke predisposition in young individuals. If the hypothesised association become confirmed by multi-centre studies run, FS phenotype may get of great clinical utility for creating innovative strategies of predictive, preventive and personalised medicine for the stroke management utilising novel screening programmes, individualised patient profiling, specialised questionnaires and novel biomarker patterns for an effective risk assessment, targeted prevention, and therapy monitoring tailored to the person.
Gestational Diabetes Epigenetically Reprograms the Cart Promoter in Fetal Ovary, Causing Subfertility in Adult Life; Intrauterine exposure to various adverse conditions during fetal development can lead to epigenetic changes in fetal tissues, predisposing those tissues to disease conditions later in life. An example is gestational diabetes (GD), where the offspring has a higher risk of developing obesity, metabolic disorders, or cardiovascular disease in adult life. In this study, using two well-established GD (streptozotocin-and high-fat and high-sugar-induced) mouse models, we report that female offspring from GD dams are predisposed toward fertility problems later in life. This predisposition to fertility problems is due to altered ovarian expression of a peptide called cocaine-and amphetamine-regulated transcript (CART), which is known to negatively affect folliculogenesis and is induced by elevated leptin levels. Results show that the underlying cause of this altered expression is due to fetal epigenetic modifications involving glucose-and insulin-induced miRNA, miR-101, and the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Akt pathway. These signaling events regulate Ezh2, a histone methyltransferase that promotes H3K27me3, a gene-repressive mark, and CBP/p300, a histone acetyltransferase that promotes H3K27ac, a transcription activation mark, in the fetal ovary. Moreover, the CART promoter has depleted 5-methylcytosine (5mC) and enriched 5-hydroxymethylcytosine (5hmC) levels. The depletion of H3K27me3 and 5mC repressive marks and subsequent increase in H3K27ac and 5hmC gene-activating marks convert the Cartpt promoter to a "superpromoter." This makes the Cartpt promoter more sensitive to leptin levels that predispose the GD offspring to fertility problems. Therefore, this study provides a mechanistic insight about fetal epigenome reprogramming that manifests to ovarian dysfunction and subfertility later in adult life.
VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk for vascular disorders; Aim: Levels of VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and selectins in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) subjects are an indication of endothelial dysfunction predicting the future metabolic consequence via metabolic memory effect. Materials & methods: This cross-sectional study was conducted in 92 pregnant women and serum endothelial cell adhesion molecules were measured using Randox biochip analyzer. Results: Significantly elevated serum level of VCAM-1 was found in GDM subjects and in greater than equal to one parity categorized GDM group when compared with control. The correlation of parity and P-selectin was statistically significant in GDM subjects. Conclusion: Elevated levels of endothelial cell adhesion molecules in GDM women indicate an imbalance in vascular function. Transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy may induce persistent modifications to the memory cells and GDM subjects are more prone to develop future consequences.
Metagenomic analysis identified stenotrophomonas maltophilia pneumonia in an infant suffering from unexplained very severe pneumonia; Pneumonia poses a significant global morbidity and mortality burden on children. Etiological diagnosis and matched anti-microbial therapy are particularly important for very severe pneumonia. Although great advances have been achieved in diagnostic approaches, it remains challenging to identify pathogens in unexplained pneumonia (UP) cases. In this study, we applied next-generation sequencing (NGS) technology and a metagenomic approach to detect and characterize respiratory bactiera in an UP case in infant. Stenotrophomonas maltophilia was the only bacterial pathogen detected in blood. Metagenomic sequencing also provided bacteria genomic sequences, which could be used to evaluate the role of this pathogen in the disease. This NGS method has the potential to improve the identification of causative organisms in patients with pneumonia and the delivery of appropriate, pathogen-directed antibiotic therapy.
Bohring-Opitz Syndrome-A case of a rare genetic disorder; Introduction: The diagnostic challenge of Bohring-Opitz Syndrome, a rare genetic disorder has haunted clinicians for ages. Case Presentation: Our proposita was born at term via caesarean-section with a birth weight of 1.95 kilograms. She was the third child to a non-consanguineous Malay couple and the pregnancy was complicated with Gestational Diabetes on diet control. She had mild laryngomalacia, gas-troesophageal reflux disease and seizures. Physical signs included microcephaly, hemangioma, low set ears, cleft palate, micrognatia, sacral pit with tuft of hair and the typical BOS posture. She also had retinopathy with left eye corneal ulcer. Her cardiovascular findings were atrial septal defect with patent ductus arteriosus. Investigations: Chromosomal analysis and consultation with a geneticist concluded that she had 46 xx-Bohring-Opitz Syndrome overlapped with C-syndrome. MRI brain showed hypopla-sia of the Corpus Callosum. Flexible Naso-Pharyngo-Laryngoscope (FNPLS) showed tubular epiglottis with evidence of inflammation and reflux. Treatment: Goal-directed holistic care was the mainstay. The recurrent lung infections were managed with inpatient intravenous antibiotic therapy and assisted ventilation while enteral feeding was initiated via PEG tube. Conclusion: She succumbed to a Respiratory-Syncitial-Virus and Pseudomonas pneumonia complicated with sepsis at the age of 2 years and 11 months. The take home learning experience will undoubtedly be the management plan which focused on full family empowerment and involvement. This allowed excellent doctor patient/family relationship and significantly helped in the bereavement period.
EAST syndrome-expanding the clinical phenotype of this recently delineated, rare autosomal recessive multisystemic disorder caused by mutations in the potassium channel gene KCNJ10; Biallelic mutations in the KCNJ10 gene were recently reported to cause a multisystemic disorder characterised by epilepsy, ataxia, sensorineural deafness, and salt-wasting renal tubulopathy-EAST syndrome. To date, only a few clinical reports have been published detailing the pheno-type. We report 2 unrelated cases of Pakistani origin expanding on the clinical features of this disorder, including the first reported case of EAST syndrome with structural renal abnormalities. The first case is the first child born to first cousin parents after an uneventful pregnancy. He presented with global developmental delay, sensorineural hearing loss, marked cerebellar dysfunction, and tonic-clonic seizures. MRI brain at 1 year showed signs of mild volume loss. The second case is the 3rd child born to non-consanguineous parents at 35 weeks by emergency section following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and severe intrauterine growth restriction. He presented with infantile focal seizures, sensorineural deafness, failure to thrive, and global developmental delay. He initially had mild axial hypotonia and then developed marked ataxia with spastic paraplegia by age 3 years. Brain MRI at age 8 years showed mild degree of generalised volume loss with normal cerebellum. Muscle biopsy showed selective type B fibre atrophy. Renal tubular dysfunction with persistent hypokalaemia was diagnosed. At 14 years he developed heavy haematuria and a renal ultrasound scan showed very echogenic kidneys containing several small cysts bilaterally with loss of normal corticomedullary differentiation. Both cases were found to be homozygous for a previously reported pathogenic missense variant c.194G>C (p.Arg65Pro) in KCNJ10.
The Accuracy and Cost-Effectiveness of Selective Fetal Echocardiography for the Diagnosis of Congenital Heart Disease in Patients with Pregestational Diabetes Stratified by Hemoglobin A1c; Objective To evaluate the accuracy of antenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease (CHD) using screening methods including a combination of elevated hemoglobin A1c, detailed anatomy ultrasound, and fetal echocardiography. Study Design This is a retrospective cohort study of all pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes from January 2012 to December 2016. The sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were calculated for each screening regimen. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) was calculated for each regimen with effectiveness defined as additional CHD diagnosed. Results A total of 378 patients met inclusion criteria with an overall prevalence of CHD of 4.0% (n = 15). When compared with a detailed ultrasound, fetal echocardiography had a higher sensitivity (73.3 vs. 40.0%). However, all cases of major CHD were detected by detailed ultrasound (n = 6). Using an elevated early A1c > 7.7% and a detailed ultrasound resulted in a sensitivity and specificity of 60.0 and 99.4%, respectively. The use of selective fetal echocardiography for an A1c > 7.7% or abnormal detailed anatomy ultrasound would result in a 63.3% reduction in cost per each additional minor CHD diagnosed (ICER: $18,290.52 vs. $28,875.67). Conclusion Fetal echocardiography appears to have limited diagnostic value in women with pregestational diabetes. However, these results may not be generalizable outside of a high-volume academic setting.
Epidemiology of Diabetes and Hearing Loss; Hearing loss is a highly prevalent chronic condition. In addition to age, sex, noise exposure, and genetic predisposition, cardiovascular disease and its antecedents may precipitate hearing loss. Of emerging interest is the connection between diabetes and auditory dysfunction. Cross-sectional studies consistently suggest that prevalence of hearing loss is higher in persons with diabetes compared with those without diabetes, especially among younger persons. Furthermore, longitudinal studies have demonstrated higher incidence of hearing loss in persons with diabetes compared to those without diabetes. These findings seem to hold for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes, although considerably more population-based evidence is available for type 2 diabetes. Data on gestational diabetes and hearing outcomes are limited, as are data relating diabetes to otologic sequelae such as fungal infection. Here, we examine evidence from epidemiologic studies of diabetes and hearing loss and consider clinical and laboratory data where population-based data are lacking.
Gestational Weight Gain Particularly Affects the Risk of Large for Gestational Age Infants in Non-obese Mothers; Introduction The birth of a large for gestational age (LGA) infant is a significant risk factor for birth complications and maternal morbidity and an even higher risk factor for offspring obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in later life. Relevant factors affecting the risk of delivering an LGA infant are maternal pre-gravid obesity, excessive gestational weight gain exceeding the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (IOM) and diabetes in pregnancy. We aimed to determine what matters most in terms of the risk of fetal overgrowth. Materials and Methods We performed a database analysis of 12 701 singleton term deliveries documented in our university hospital birth registry from 2003 to 2014. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the adjusted odds ratios. Results Excessive weight gain had the strongest impact on LGA (OR: 1.249 [95% CI: 1.018 - 1.533]) compared to maternal pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) (OR: 1.083 [95% CI: 1.066 - 1.099]) and diabetes (OR: 1.315 [95% CI: 0.997 - 1.734]). Keeping gestational weight gain within the recommendations of the IOM resulted in a risk reduction for LGA of 20% (OR: 0.801 [95% CI: 0.652 - 0.982]). The risk for LGA increases by 6.9% with each kg weight gain. Normal weight women (BMI 18.5 - 24.9 kg/m 2) and moderately overweight women (BMI 25 - 29.9 kg/m 2) showed the highest increase in LGA rates per kg weight gain during pregnancy (OR: 1.078 [95% CI: 1.052 - 1.104] and OR: 1.058 [95% CI: 1.026 - 1.09], resp.). Only in underweight (< 18.5 kg/m 2) and normal weight women the risk of LGA birth is strongly influenced by diabetes (OR 11.818 [95% CI: 1.156-120.782] and 1.564 [95% CI: 1.013-2.415]). Conclusion Excessive weight gain is particularly important for non-obese women. These women are therefore a target cohort for intervention, as each prevented additional kilogram weight gain reduces the risk of LGA by more than 5%.
Maternal nutrition and offspring stress response—implications for future development of non-communicable disease: A perspective from india; Psychological stress is recognized as a major modifiable risk factor for adult non-communicable disease (NCD) that includes depression, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease. Dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity resulting in either exaggerated or blunted cortisol responses, and altered autonomic cardiovascular control have been thought to underlie this association. The developmental origins hypothesis proposes that impaired nutrition during fetal and early postnatal growth is associated with a higher NCD risk later in life. Maternal nutrients are vital for fetal growth and development, and both maternal undernutrition and over nutrition as in the case of gestational diabetes are associated with higher NCD risk markers in the offspring. Recent studies suggest that fetal exposure to maternal nutritional imbalances may permanently alter cortisol and cardio-sympathetic stress-responsiveness, which may link early life nutrition with adult disease risk. A few recent studies that examined the association between low birth weight as a marker of fetal undernutrition and stress response in humans showed that lower birth weight was associated with an altered HPA axis and cardiovascular sympathetic nervous system responses to stress in adults as well as in children. In addition, altered stress responses in relation to gestational diabetes have been noted. In this paper, we present available evidence from India for the association between maternal nutrition and offspring stress responsiveness against the backdrop of global evidence, and discuss its role in the escalating NCD rates in this population. We also discuss the scope for future studies in India and other transitioning countries.
Specialized pro-resolving mediators in diabetes: Novel therapeutic strategies; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is an important metabolic disorder characterized by persistent hyperglycemia resulting from inadequate production and secretion of insulin, impaired insulin action, or a combination of both. Genetic disorders and insulin receptor disorders, environmental factors, lifestyle choices and toxins are key factors that contribute to DM. While it is often referred to as a metabolic disorder, modern lifestyle choices and nutrient excess induce a state of systemic chronic inflammation that results in the increased production and secretion of inflammatory cytokines that contribute to DM. It is chronic hyperglycemia and the low-grade chronic-inflammation that underlies the development of microvascular and macrovascular complications leading to damage in a number of tissues and organs, including eyes, vasculature, heart, nerves, and kidneys. Improvements in the management of risk factors have been beneficial, including focus on intensified glycemic control, but most current approaches only slow disease progression. Even with recent studies employing SGLT2 inhibitors demonstrating protection against cardiovascular and kidney diseases, kidney function continues to decline in people with established diabetic kidney disease (DKD). Despite the many advances and a greatly improved understanding of the pathobiology of diabetes and its complications, there remains a major unmet need for more effective therapeutics to prevent and reverse the chronic complications of diabetes. More recently, there has been growing interest in the use of specialised pro-resolving mediators (SPMs) as an exciting therapeutic strategy to target diabetes and the chronic complications of diabetes.
Spectrum of Cardiovascular Abnormalities in Infants Born to Diabetic Mother in a Tertiary Care Center; Background Diabetes mellitus is one of the most common medical problems among pregnant women. Now, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing and amounts to 17% in Asian women but only in 4% of American and European women. In southern India, the prevalence of GDM is 17% in urban women, 13.8% in semiurban, and 9.8% in rural women. Aim The aim of the study is to find the cardiovascular abnormalities in infants born to a diabetic mother (IDM) and the association between infant's heart lesion and diabetes mellitus in pregnant mother in a tertiary care center. Materials and Methods All babies born to both pregestational and gestational diabetic mother were included. Information regarding maternal type of diabetes, treatment regimen, maternal glycemic control status, antenatal ultrasonogram, baby's sex, birth weight, gestational age, and clinical features were collected. Echocardiogram was done for all the babies. Results Out of the 100 IDM, 28 babies had cardiac disease, 5 babies had cyanotic heart disease, and 23 babies had acyanotic heart disease. Out of 100 diabetic mothers, 66 were on meal plan, 21 were on oral hypoglycemic agent (OHA) metformin, and 13 were on insulin therapy. Among 66 babies whose mother was on the meal plan, 8 had cardiac abnormality. Among the 21 mothers on OHA, 7 babies had cardiac abnormality and all the 13 babies of mothers who were on insulin had cardiac abnormality which was a significant finding among the IDM. Conclusion Maternal diabetes is a significant risk factor for heart disease in the newborn. Careful evaluation and early diagnosis of heart diseases in this high-risk group is of great value. Both pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers should monitor their blood sugar and maintain it in a normal range at the time of conception and early in pregnancy to reduce the risk of congenital heart disease in IDM.
Hypertension and Preeclampsia in Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes; Hypertensive disorders are one of the most common disorders that affect pregnant women. Preeclampsia (PE) complicates 4-6% of all pregnancies and is a leading cause of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Both pregestational and gestational diabetes have a significant impact on the placentation process and contribute to an increased risk in developing PE and obstetric complications. The most significant clinical risk factors for PE in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients are first trimester obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, GDM diagnosis prior to 20 weeks' gestation, poor glycemic control in the third trimester, and severity of fasting hyperglycemia at the time of OGTT. In pregnancy complicated by type 1 diabetes, the highest rate of PE occurred in women with a longer duration of diabetes, microvascular complications, chronic hypertension, and poor glycemic control during pregnancy. PE is recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and stroke, and several studies have shown that it is also a risk factor for future diabetes; women with pregestational diabetes who develop PE are also at risk for diabetic complications later in life.
Diabetes in Pregnancy: Long-Term Complications of Offsprings; Maternal diabetes in pregnancy has short-term as well as long-term implications for the offspring. Observational studies in humans and animals as well as interventional studies in animals have found associations between fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia and later development of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular risk factors. The evolving field of epigenetics may open the black box of unanswered questions regarding the development of phenotype as a result of the complex interplay between genetic predisposition and fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia. The topic of this chapter is to give an overview of the long-term effects in the offspring of women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. The chapter discusses metabolic and cognitive consequences and presents results from research within epigenetics and stem cell, aiming to explore pathogenic mechanisms leading from fetal exposure to later impaired health. The chapter primarily focuses on human studies.
Maternal Long-Term Outcomes after a Pregnancy Complicated by Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; In the majority of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), glucose tolerance normalizes shortly after pregnancy. Nevertheless, GDM is one of the strongest predictors of subsequent type 2 diabetes (T2DM), which will develop in around half of the women with previous GDM. The pathophysiological traits from pregnancies complicated by GDM, which can be found several years after birth, and how these traits may influence abnormal glucose tolerance later in life are described. GDM shares pathophysiological traits with T2DM and includes increased inflammatory response, altered incretin effect, and changes in the microbiota. Furthermore, common T2DM risk gene variants are also more common in women with GDM. In addition to diabetes and prediabetes, women with a history of GDM are at risk of cardiovascular disease including hypertension, dyslipidemia, and insulin resistance. Regular follow-up screening for hyperglycemia is recommended in women with previous GDM, but the cost - benefit of this is not fully known. A healthy lifestyle is generally recommended, based on common sense and a few long-term intervention studies.
Are TallyHo Mice A True Mouse Model for Type 2 Diabetes and Alzheimer's Disease?; The purpose of our article is to critically assess if TallyHo mice are a true mouse model for type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. Diabetes is a lifestyle condition that is characterized by elevated blood glucose due to either insufficient amount of insulin or the body's inability to use the produced insulin efficiently. Diabetes occurs in multiple forms, including type 1, type 2, type 3, neonatal, and gestational. Type 2 diabetes covers 95% of overall diabetes, found in individuals 65 years of age and above. Both modifiable and non-modifiable factors are involved in developing diabetes. In patients with diabetes, increased blood glucose levels are reported to induce multiple complications, such as heart disease, stroke, kidney failure, foot ulcers, and damage to the eyes. However, the molecular basis of diabetes is not completely understood. Further, there are no accurate animal model(s) that mimic both type 1 and type 2 diabetes of humans. Multiple polygenic models are being used, including the Goto-Kakizaki rat, the Otzhka Long-Evans Tokushima Fatty rat, the Nagoya Shibata Yasuda mouse, the New Zealand obese mouse, the Tsumura-Suzuki obese diabetes mouse, leptin deficient ob/ob and the leptin receptor deficient db/db mouse models. In 2001, Kim and colleagues described the TallyHo mice that represent many features of type 2 diabetes of humans. Since then, several groups studied TallyHo mice. Only the male mice develop hyperglycemia and the females exhibit features of obesity. Thus, this model can be used to study both diabetes and obesity. The purpose of this article is to discuss recent developments in TallyHo mice research including diabetes onset and progression.
Traditional medicinal plants used in the treatment of diabetes mellitus: A review; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a non-communicable disease which affects hundreds of millions of peoples in the world. This disease leads to serious problem over time if it is not properly managed. The current review is aimed at providing a comprehensive review from different research articles carried out on traditional medicinal plants/herbs used for the treatment/ management of diabetes. Several plants have been used for the management of diabetes mellitus. The search was done in Google Scholar, pub med, and Science Direct databases using the key words diabetes, traditional medicine, antidiabetic, medicinal plants, management and anti-hyperglycemic effects of diabetes. In this review, Allium cepa L., Allium sativum L., Aloe vera (L), Lepidium sativum L., Oxalis corniculata L, Ricinus communis L, Thymus schimperi Ronniger, Trigonella foenum graecum L and Zingiber officinale Roscoe found to have repeatedly positive impact for the management of diabetes. Thus, it is very important to utilize those medicinal plants for the diabetic patients as an alternative choice for the management of diabetes.
Trends and outcomes of acute stroke during pregnancy and puerperium in the United States; Background: Acute stroke with pregnancy or puerperium is devastating for mother and her family, yet data regarding incidence and contemporary trends are limited. Accordingly, we investigated the incidence and outcomes of acute stroke during this period in a large database. Methods: The National Inpatient Sample was queried to identify women 18 years old in the United States with pregnancy-related hospitalizations from January 1, 2007 to September 30, 2015. Temporal trends in acute stroke (ischemic and hemorrhagic) incidence and in-hospital mortality were extracted. Results: Among 37,360,772 pregnancy-related hospitalizations, 14,061 (0.04%) women had an acute stroke. The rates of acute stroke have increased, from 32.8 per 100,000 hospitalizations in 2007 to 36.8 per 100,000 in 2015 (Ptrends<0.0001), and involve both ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke. There were increases in prevalence of obesity, smoking, hyperlipidemia, migraine, chronic kidney disease, atrial septal defects, and gestational hypertension, while pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and gestational diabetes prevalence remained unchanged. In-hospital mortality rates were almost 400-fold higher among those who had a stroke (46.2 per 1,000 pregnancy-related hospitalizations versus 0.12 per 1,000 pregnancy-related hospitalizations; P<0.0001). The rates of in-hospital mortality among pregnant women with acute stroke decreased (5.9% in 2007 versus 3.6% in 2015, Ptrends=0.007). Conclusions: In this contemporary analysis of pregnancy-related hospitalizations, acute stroke occurred in 1 of every 2630 hospitalizations, and these rates increased over ∼9-years as the prevalence of most stroke risk factors increased. Acute stroke during pregnancy and puerperium was associated with high maternal mortality, although it appears to be trending downward. Future studies to identify mechanisms and approaches to prevention and management of acute stroke during pregnancy and puerperium are warranted.
Cardiovascular health of preteen and teenage children of diabetic mothers: Evidence of early cardiovascular programming; Background: Children of diabetic mothers (CDM) are at increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease. In a previous longitudinal study we demonstrated that CDMs have increased left ventricular (LV) and septal wall thickness and aortic stiffness in late infancy and early childhood. We sought to reproduce these findings in a new but slightly older cohort of CDMs and to determine whether they exist in later childhood/adolescence. Methods: We prospectively recruited healthy 9-16 year old children of mothers with type 1 diabetes and children of healthy mothers. Height, weight, and right arm cuff blood pressure (average of 3 measures) were recorded. Echocardiography was performed with off-line analysis of LV posterior (LVPWd) and septal wall (IVSd) thickness in diastole, LV mass and function. Aortic and peripheral arterial stiffness were measured by Doppler, assessing blood flow transit time between left carotid and posterior tibial artery (onset of QRS to onset of flow T1, carotid, and T2, posterior tibial, respectively) and the distance between the two interrogation sites and calculating the pulse wave velocity (PWV) using the equation Distance/(T2-T1). Vascular reactivity was assessed using digital thermal monitoring (Vendys). Results: Fourteen healthy CDMs (5 males) and 16 controls (6 males), of age 12.1+1.9yrs vs 11.9+2.3yrs, respectively, completed assessments. There was no difference in age at study, body surface area and systolic or diastolic blood pressures between groups. LVPWd (CDM 0.75±0.12cm vs Control 0.73±0.09cm, p=0.87) and IVSd (CDM 0.76±0.12cm vs Control 0.74±0.08cm, p=0.24) and LV mass indexed to body surface area (CDM 66.2±14.4g/m2 vs Control 67.8±10.9g/m2, p=0.66) did not differ between groups. CDMs, however, demonstrated significantly increased aortic PWV (3.3±0.4m/s vs control 2.6±0.4m/s, p=0.003) and peripheral arterial PWV (7.0±0.8m/s vs control 6.4±0.6m/s, p=0.03). Conclusion: Our findings suggest exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment is associated with increased aortic and peripheral arterial stiffness in older childhood/adolescence. Further work is underway to expand this cohort, to investigate ventricular function and to examine the influence of diet and activity on cardiovascular health of these CDMs.
Development and validation of a risk prediction model for cardiovascular disease in women of reproductive age; Background: Currently available risk prediction scores for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were developed in older age populations, which limits their ability to provide accurate estimates of risk in younger women. Moreover, these risk scores do not incorporate pregnancy complications that have been shown to be associated with long-term risk of CVD. This study aims to develop and validate a CVD risk prediction model in women of reproductive age that accounts for obstetrical history. Methods: A cohort of 502,916 women aged 15-45 years with a recorded delivery from April 1999 to March 2017 in the United Kingdom's Clinical Practice Research Datalink database was created to develop the models for screening within the first year post-partum. The primary outcome was CVD defined as coronary artery disease, coronary revascularization, cerebrovascular disease, myocardial infarction, peripheral vascular disease, unstable angina, and CVD-related death. Candidate predictors were chosen based on clinical and substantive knowledge. The Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator method and an accelerated failure time model was used to determine the inclusion of predictors and to estimate the final model. Internal validation via bootstrapping was used to estimate the optimism-corrected measures of model accuracy and performance. Results: A total of 2,744 women experienced a cardiovascular event over a median follow-up of 3.2 years (Interquartile range: 1.5-7.5). Predictors in the final model included traditional CVD risk factors along with social deprivation, polycystic ovary syndrome, prior use of oral contraceptives, depression, thyroid disorders, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, infertility, parity, and history of pregnancy complications. The optimism-corrected model had modest discrimination (C-statistic: 0.67, 95% CI 0.66, 0.69) and good calibration and performance (calibration slope: 0.98; Nagelkerke R 0.07). Conclusions: Although the model showed modest predictive accuracy and performance, the findings highlight the importance of including pregnancy-related and sex-specific risk factors for CVD risk prediction in women of reproductive age.
Impaired maternal-fetal environment is associated with increased mortality after stage 1 norwood procedure for single ventricle heart disease; Introduction: The maternal-fetal environment (MFE) may have a substantial impact on cardiac surgery outcomes. Single ventricle heart defects are managed with a staged approach and 5-year survival is 65% to 75%. We hypothesized that an impaired MFE would be associated with an increased risk of death after stage 1 Norwood procedure. Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of subjects with single ventricle heart disease and aortic arch obstruction who were born between June 2008 and June 2018 and underwent stage 1 Norwood procedure at our center. Impaired MFE was defined as maternal gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and/or cigarette smoking during pregnancy. The primary outcome was time until death. Multivariable Cox regression models were used to investigate the association between impaired MFE and mortality. Results: Of the 273 neonatal subjects, 61% were male, 63% were White/Non-Hispanic, and 79% had hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS). The median age at surgery was 4 days (IQR 3 - 6) the median follow-up time was 3.7 years (IQR 1.1 - 7.0). The 72 (26%) subjects exposed to an impaired MFE had more preterm births (18% vs. 7%) and lower birth weights. There were no significant differences between the groups in race/ethnicity, genetic syndrome, cardiac diagnosis, or birth era. Impaired MFE was associated with a significantly higher risk of death (HR 6.05, 95% CI 3.59 -10.21, p < 0.001), after adjusting for age at surgery, ethnicity, cardiac diagnosis, genetic syndrome, birth era, and surgeon (Figure). Conclusions: Single ventricle heart disease patients with impaired MFE have a higher risk of death following stage 1 Norwood procedure, after adjustment for potential confounders. Prenatal exposures are potentially modifiable factors that need to be taken into account when risk stratifying this vulnerable population.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes effect on offspring body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood; BACKGROUND Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes (GDM) are associated with offspring long-term cardiovascular risks. Fetal programming is suggested as an underlying mechanism. AIMS We aimed to investigate the influence of maternal obesity and GDM on child body composition and left ventricular diastolic function in early childhood. METHODS This observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs, a subcohort form Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study (96 with GDM), recruited at a mean of 6.1 ±0.5 years postpartum. Follow-up assessment included child echocardiography, child and maternal anthropometrics, body composition, and blood pressure. RESULTS Offspring left ventricular diastolic parameters including left atrial volume, left atrial volume index Z-score, E and A waves, E/A, S/D, mitral and septal E' and A', and early diastolic strain rates were not associated with maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI), I trimester HbA1C or GDM exposure. Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (30.5 ±5.6 kg/m2) correlated with child BMI Z-score (r = 0.2; p = 0.006; mean Z-score 0.45 ±0.93 kg/m2). Child body fat percentage weakly correlated with A' Z-score and S/D ratio. Left atrial volume correlated with child and maternal body size and composition, child age, sex, systolic blood pressure, and heart rate. In a stepwise linear regression model, left atrial volume was explained mostly by child lean body mass, but a weak independent association with child body fat percentage was noted (R2 = 0.283). CONCLUSIONS No evidence of fetal cardiovascular programming related to GDM was found in early childhood. Child left ventricular diastolic function at six years of age is weakly associated with child adiposity. Maternal pre-gestational obesity is reflected in child body composition, increasing long-term cardiovascular risks and implicitly disturbing diastolic heart function.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis meta-analysis of gestational diabetes reveals shared genetic background with type 2 diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance first recognized in pregnancy, has important implications for both mother and child. Offspring of mothers with GDM have an increased risk of birth complications associated with higher risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease in later life. To date, the only genome-wide association study (GWAS) for GDM, in 1,399 affected Korean women, revealed associations at two loci: MNTR1B and CDKAL1. We conducted trans-ethnic meta-analysis of 21 GWAS in 5,374 cases and 346,506 controls of diverse ancestry (62.0% European, 16.5% East Asian, 3.2% Mexican-American and 18.3% Afro-Caribbean), each imputed up to reference panels from the 1000 Genomes Project or Haplotype Reference Consortium. The transethnic meta-analysis, performed with MR-MEGA to allow for heterogeneity in allelic effects between ancestries, included 13,980,490 variants, after excluding those with minor allele count <5 and imputation quality <0.4 in each GWAS. We replicated both known GDM associations at genome-wide significance (P<5×10-8): MTNR1B (rs10830963, P=2.3×10-49) and CDKAL1 (rs9348441, P=9.7×10-15). We also identified three additional novel loci: TCF7L2 (rs7903146, P=1×10-14), CDKN2A/B (rs10811660, P=1.9×10-9) and LOC105369513 (rs143421658, P=4.1×10-8). Allelic effects of GDM association signals were mostly homogeneous across ethnic groups. The exception was at the CDKAL1 locus (Phet=3.68×10-9), where the signal was driven by East Asian ancestry GWAS (OREast-asian=1.67(1.46-1.89); OREuropeans=1.06(1.01-1.12)). Four of the loci (MTNR1B, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, and CDKN2A/B) have also been robustly associated with T2D, and lead variants are identical to those we have identified for GDM, supporting a shared underlying genetic contribution to both diseases.
Irish Endocrine Society 43rd Annual Meeting; The proceedings contain 171 papers. The topics discussed include: the use of direct measures of behavior to predict weight loss in patients with obesity; fat mass is positively associated with hunger and energy intake at extremes of obesity; participation in a milk-based meal replacement program is associated with increased fasting ketosis which is proportional to the degree of weight loss in adults with severe and complicated obesity; apelin-13 analogues were as effective as incretin mimetics in treating streptozotocin induced diabetic mice; identification of a diagnostic and prognostic miRNA signature in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; preliminary in vitro and in vivo evidence for the antidiabetic potential of blue whiting protein hydrolysates; linking diabetes and dementia risk: a role for A-42 induced activation of the NLRP3 inflammasome? results from the ENBIND study; and insulin autoimmune syndrome with spontaneous remission.
Follow up at one year and beyond of women with gestational diabetes treated with insulin and/or oral hypoglycaemic agents: a core outcome set (COS) using a Delphi survey; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) has a higher lifetime risk for developing glucose abnormalities, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Not with standing, there is no consistency in the long-term followup of women with prior GDM. Outcomes reported in research involving this population are heterogenous and lack standardization. A core outcome set (COS) is a minimum set of outcomes reported by all researchers in a specific area. It does not exclude the reporting of additional outcomes. In this study we developed a COS for research evaluating the long-term follow-up of women with prior GDM requiring insulin and/ oral hypoglycaemic agents. Three work packages were required: 1. A systematic review of the literature of reported outcomes 2. A three-round, Delphi survey with stakeholders to prioritise these outcomes; 3. A consensus meeting where the final COS was decided. Of 3344 abstracts identified and evaluated, 62 papers were retrieved and 25/62 papers included in this review. A total of 121 outcomes were identified and included in the Delphi survey. Delphi Round 1 was emailed to 835 participants and 288 (34.5%) responded. In Round 2, 190 of 288 (66%) participants responded and in Round 3, 165 of 190 (87%) participants responded. Following the consensus meeting, 9 outcomes constituted the final COS: glycaemic status, pre-diabetes/T2DM diagnosis, number of pregnancies with/without a diagnosis of GDM since the index pregnancy, BMI, post pregnancy weight retention, resting blood pressure and breastfeeding. This COS will bring consistency and uniformity to outcome reporting in clinical research involving the follow-up of women with prior GDM.
Diabetic Ketoacidosis in Pregnancy (DKP) as the first presentation of diabetes mellitus; DKP is a life-threatening condition associated with significant maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We report a case of a patient presented with DKP as newly diagnosed diabetes during pregnancy. The patient is a 29-year-old presented at 32 weeks gestation with 2 day history of a persistent headache, polydipsia and polyuria. She had no personal/family history of diabetes. Her BMI was 28.5kg/m2. Urine dipstick showed glucose 2+ and ketones 4+. Blood tests revealed blood glucose 16mmol/L and blood ketones 3.1mmol/L. Venous blood gas demonstrated a compensated metabolic acidosis (pH 7.36, pCO2 3.77kPa, bicarbonate 15.6mmol/L and lactate 1.44mmol/L). CT brain with contrast showed no abnormality and no evidence of venous sinus thrombosis. She was treated with IV insulin infusion, IV fluids and electrolytes, closely monitored in high dependency setting and switched to a basal bolus insulin regime once stabilized. The fetal scan showed the abdominal circumference was more than 95th centile. The retrospective review of the patient's antenatal chart revealed a trace glycosuria at 14+2 weeks and glycosuria 1+ at 28+5 weeks gestation. Anti-GAD antibodies were positive supporting the diagnosis of type 1 diabetes mellitus. She was followed up closely and she delivered amale baby by spontaneous vaginal delivery with a birthweight of 4.2kg at 38+3 weeks gestation. This case emphasizes the importance of careful assessment if mild persistent glycosuria occurs in the early antenatal period. Persistent glycosuria in early antenatal period suggests that the patient may have underlying diabetes and if left untreated, it may lead to diabetic ketoacidosis.
Atypical presentation of complete digeorge syndrome without correlating genetic defect: Rescued by state newborn screening; Introduction:With the introduction of severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) newborn screen (NBS) in the state of Kansas in 2017, a case of complete DiGeorge Syndrome (DGS) was discovered in an infant born to a diabetic mother with atypical features. This is the first DGS case diagnosed after adding the SCID NBS, which emphasizes the need to establish SCID NBS in all 50 states. Case presentation: The female infant was born via spontaneous vaginal delivery at 39 1/7 weeks to a 31 year old G1 now P1 mother. Maternal history was significant for chronic hypertension, obesity, insulin dependent type 2 diabetes, anxiety, depression, and scoliosis. The infant was noted to have a left sided abdominal wall defect and hernia, imaging identifying left renal agenesis, and was initially suspicious for VATER syndrome. Fortunately, the infant's SCID NBS revealed low T cell receptor excision circles (TRECS). Her initial white blood cell count was 14.1 with an absolute lymphocyte count of 2.679 K/UL. EBV PCR, CMV PCR, and HIV studies were negative. Chest imaging discovered absent thymus, abnormal vertebrae with only 10 ribs on the right and 12 ribs on the left, and abnormally formed thoracic vertebrae (T7). Echocardiogram detected an atrial septal defect measuring 0.32 cm, possible PFO versus secundum ASD. Endocrinology was consulted for management of labile calcium and phosphorus levels. FISH was negative for 22q11.2 deletion. Microarray revealed a variant of unknown significance arr[GRCh37]2p11.2(86285942-86506132)x3. Sequence analysis of combined and severe immune deficiency genes showed a variant of uncertain significance c.544C>A (p.Leu182Met). Management and Outcome: Additional evaluation included: CD3 67UL (1700-3600UL), CD4 51UL (1700-2800UL), CD8 19UL (800-1200UL), CD45RA 14 cells/uL (1100-5200cells/uL), normal CD 19, and CD 16/ 56, normal immunoglobulin G level, and normal dihydrorhodamine assay. Skeletal survey, CT abdomen and chest, and HLA typing were performed in preparation for thymic transplant. Discussion: Patients with complete DGS, a form of SCID found in less than 1 percent of patients with 22qDS, have absent thymus and a T cell count <3 standard deviations below normal for age (typically <50 naïve CD3+ Tcells/mm3). In a large series of patients with complete DGS, only 52 percent had an identifiable 22q11.2 deletion [1]. Infants of a diabetic mother have various genetic and syndromic associations including diabetic embryopathy. [2] Despite the importance of immunological aspects in pregnancy, few studies have reported on the cellular immune modifications of diabetic embryopathy. Diabetes during pregnancymay affect the development of the thymus and thus maturation of the immune system in the offspring. [3] The recent addition of a TREC assay to newborn screening can identify such a subset of infants with atypical presentations. SCID NBS uses an assay for TRECs, a biomarker of T cell development. [4-6] This initial presentation now places the immunologist in the role of 'first responder' with regard to diagnosis and management of these patients, who may present with atypical features. Newer genetic and molecular techniques now allow for earlier identification of immune defects in such disorders with life-long clinical concerns. [7] .
Risk factors in the first 1000 days of life and carotid intima-media thickness in children: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: The first 1000 days of life, i.e. from conception to age 2 years, could be a critical period in the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Carotid-intima media thickness (CIMT) is a surrogate marker of CVD. Although early-life risk factors, such as low birth weight or premature birth, are associated with increased CIMT in adults, it is unclear whether the relationship is present at younger ages. Objective: Our objective was to assess the relationship between exposures or interventions in the first 1000 days of life and CIMT in children through a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: Systematic searches ofMEDLINE,EMBASE and CENTRAL databases were performed. Experimental and observational studies investigating the association between ultrasound CIMT and exposures or interventions at the child, familial, or environmental level, which occurred in the first 1000 days of life, were included. Data will be synthesized descriptively and, when appropriate, random-effects meta-analyses will be conducted. Funding: SNSF 32003B-163240. Results: A total of 5,561 publications were screened and 38 full-text publications, from 26 observational and 2 experimental studies, were retained. Observational studies comprised a total of 5,610 participants (0 to 18 years) and reported a wide range of exposures, from abnormal fetal growth to maternal dysglycemia or air pollution. Experimental studies comprised a total of 788 participants (5 to 8 years) and focused on nutritional interventions. Most of the studies were conducted in high-income countries, with 18 in Europe and only 2 in North America. Data analysis is ongoing and further results will be available by September 2019. Conclusion: Preliminary results indicate that the relationship between multiple early-life exposures or interventions and CIMT was evaluated across various populations and in different pediatric age groups. This systematic review will improve the knowledge on the mechanisms underpinning the developmental origins of CVD.
Updates in long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with long-term maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Recent evidences suggest GDM increases long-term maternal cardiovascular disease, chronic kidney disease, and cancer risks. Maternal hyperglycemia is associated with offspring obesity, overweight, insulin resistance, and neurocognitive development. It remains unclear whether treating mild GDM would reduce long-term maternal and fetal adverse effects.
Comparison of 2 approaches in management of pregnant women with inherited trombophilias: Prospective analytical cohort study; Previous adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) in women with hereditary thrombophilia have emerged as new indications for prophylactic use of low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH) during pregnancy. Recent meta-analysis conducted to establish if LMWH may prevent recurrent placenta-mediated pregnancy complications point to important therapeutic effect but these findings are absolutely not universal. Furthermore, previous studies regarding LMWH prophylaxis for APO in women with inherited thrombophilia were performed in high risk patients with previous adverse health outcomes in medical, family and/or obstetric history. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of LMWH prophylaxis on pregnancy outcomes in women with inherited thrombophilias regardless of the presence of previous adverse health outcomes in medical, family, and obstetric history.Prospective analytical cohort study included all referred women with inherited thrombophilia between 11 and 15 weeks of gestation and followed-up to delivery. Patients were allocated in group with LWMH prophylaxis (study group) and control group without LWMH prophylaxis. The groups were compared for laboratory parameters and Doppler flows of umbilical artery at 28th to 30th, 32nd to 34th and 36th to 38th gestational weeks (gw), and for obstetric and perinatal outcomes.The study group included 221 women and control group included 137 women. Mean resistance index of the umbilical artery Ri in 28 to 30, 32 to 34, and 36 to 38 gw were significantly higher in the control group compared to study group (0.71±0.02 vs 0.69±0.02; 0.67±0.03 vs 0.64±0.02; and 0.67±0.05 vs 0.54±0.08, respectively). Intrauterine fetal death (IUFD) and miscarriages were statistically significantly more frequent in control group compared to the patients in study (P<.001). The frequencies of fetal growth restriction (FGR) and APO were significantly higher in the control group compared to the study group (P=.008 and P<.001, respectively). In a multivariate regression model with APO as a dependent variable, only Ri was detected as a significant protective factor for APO, after adjusting for age and LMWH prophylaxis (P<.001).We have demonstrated better perinatal outcomes in women with LMWH prophylaxis for APO compared to untreated women.
Preeclampsia: Still a disease of theories?; Defective placentation is associated with persistence of a high-resistanceuterine circulation, impaired placental perfusion and a placental 'stress'response leading to the development of preeclampsia. It has been proposed that early-onset preeclampsia comprises a disease entity which isdistinct from late-onset preeclampsia. The latter has been attributed to asyet undefined "maternal" factors, while the former has been dubbed as"placental" preeclampsia-a rather simplistic dichotomy. There areinconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially whenconsidering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placentalhistology or lack of impaired fetal growth in the majority of cases (a TEDTalk on this topic can be accessed here: http://bit.ly/2i1SqDk). An alternative explanation is that preeclampsia is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. After all, the primary derangementin preeclampsia involves widespread and profound effects on the heartand endothelial system. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinicalsimilarities between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes-bothpregnancy-specific conditions that are cured by birth. It is acceptedthat gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas isunable to manage the glucose load of pregnancy. Emerging evidencedemonstrates that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular loadon the maternal heart, and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes thedisorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and-most significantly-persists postpartum. To date, the placenta has been considered in isolation without regarding the fact that its functioning is dependent on adequate perfusion by the maternal circulation. The involvement of the cardiovascular system in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia and placentaldysfunction has significant implications for screening, triage, diagnosis,peripartum care and postnatal management of women at risk ofpreeclampsia.
Visual disturbance in pre-eclampsia-Not always as it appears; Introduction: Somatotroph producing pituitary adenomas are one ofthe most common causes of acromegaly, though rare overall with anestimated prevalence of 8.6 per 100,000. They are exceedingly rareamongst pregnant women due to the negative impact that pituitary adenomas have on fertility. Review of the limited current literature showsthat the vast majority of women with a somatotroph adenoma have stabledisease during pregnancy. However, there are a handful of reported casesof tumour enlargement or new diagnosis during pregnancy. We report acase of somatotroph adenoma with unusual presentation during pregnancy, presenting a diagnostic challenge.Case presentation: A low-risk 29-year-old nulliparous woman wasreviewed at 36 + 6 weeks of gestation due to hypertension at a routineantenatal visit. She reported six weeks of blurred vision and worseningoedema for the past week. On examination, she was hypertensive (BP150/90) with gross proteinuria (Urine PCR 2309; normal <30). Shedescribed diplopia and had inconsistent ophthalmologic findings on examination with impairments of extraocular movements and visual field deficits, none of which were consistent with a diagnosis. She was induced at37 weeks for worsening pre-eclampsia and underwent an intrapartumcaesarean delivery for failure to progress. The delivery was uncomplicated with the infant delivered in good condition. Post-partum, the womanreported worsening visual symptoms despite a stable blood pressure andbiochemistry. MRI revealed a 28 × 1725mm mass in the sellar and suprasellar region with apoplexy, causing significant mass effect on theoptic chiasm. She underwent emergency stereotactic transnasal transsphenoidal resection of the pituitary mass. Post-operatively a hormoneprofile showed an extremely elevated IGF-1, growth hormone and marginally elevated prolactin, consistent with uncontrolled acromegaly.Pituitary histopathology was consistent with a pituitary adenoma withacute haemorrhage. Immunohistochemical staining showed diffuse positive GH and sparse positive prolactin staining, consistent with a somatotroph adenoma.Discussion: This case demonstrates the diagnostic difficulty posed bypituitary tumours during pregnancy given symptoms which may mimicpregnancy associated physical changes as well as common pregnancyassociated pathologies. Furthermore, pregnancy amongst women withpituitary tumours, more specifically in acromegaly, is extremely rare,thus limiting clinical experience with these women. Importantly, several factors may impact upon pregnancy outcomes in acromegalic women.Uncontrolled GH and IGF-I has been associated with increased ratesof hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes which themselveshave significant implications for maternal and fetal wellbeing.Physiological pregnancy-associated pituitary hypertrophy may worsenthe mass effect of a pre-existing tumour or rarely, somatotroph adenomas enlarge spontaneously during pregnancy. Either may lead to severeneurological compromise requiring immediate surgical intervention.Given the potential for both maternal and fetal morbidity, obstetricphysicians must be astute in recognising subtle neurological changeswhich may deviate from typical pregnancy pathologies, investigating andmanaging appropriately to optimise pregnancy outcomes.
Gestational weight loss in obesepregnant women; Background: Maternal obesity is associated with pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and large-for-gestationalage (LGA) infants. There is also increasing evidence of longer term effectsin the offspring including premature cardiovascular disease and type 2diabetes.1 IOM guidelines recommend a total gestational weight gain of5-9 kg for obese women.2 However, while studies assessing maternal andneonatal outcomes in obese pregnant women with weight loss are limited, there is suggestion that lower weight gain or even weight loss canreduce a number of obesity-related complications. Studies supporting thishave found a reduced risk of gestational hypertension and macrosomia.3,4Whilst some of these studies have found an increased risk of small-forgestational age (SGA) infants, others have not found this association.5-7These studies contain small numbers of women with weight loss andseveral did not stratify women according to class of obesity. They alsolack information regarding the circumstances of the weight loss. Wepresent a case series of obese women who have lost weight during pregnancy with good pregnancy outcomes.Methods: We report 18 obese women with pregnancies over the pasttwo years with weight loss via improved diet and exercise during pregnancy. All women were managed by a private obstetrician and gynaecologist and private endocrinologist during their pregnancy. Women weregiven advice regarding minimising weight gain and were provided with aone-page handout with dietary advice. No woman in this group had priorbariatric surgery or hyperemesis gravidarum.Results: Eighteen obese women were included. Eight women had Class Iobesity (BMI 30-34.9), six women had Class II obesity (BMI 35-39.9) andfour women had Class III Obesity (BMI > 40). Weight loss rangedbetween 1 kg and 22 kg and was higher in women with Class II or IIIobesity. The average gestation at birth was 38.75 weeks (range 38 + 2 to39 + 3). The average birth weight was 3341 g (range 2700-3984 g). Therewere no SGA or LGA infants in this cohort. Seventeen of 18 women haddiabetes diagnosed during pregnancy, treated with a combination ofMetformin and basal insulin. Three women also required rapid actinginsulin. Eight women either had pre-existing hypertension or were hypertensive in the first trimester. Hypertension improved with weight losswith only one woman requiring antihypertensive treatment in the lasttwo weeks of pregnancy.Discussion: Controlling gestational weight gain can reduce the effect ofobesity on adverse pregnancy outcomes. Long-term effects of gestationalweight loss on the fetus are unknown and larger studies with long-termfollow-up of offspring are required. However, the benefits of healthyweight loss in obese pregnant women to reduce complications, such ashypertension, diabetes and macrosomia, challenge IOM guidelines thatweight loss in pregnancy is not recommended.
THREE YEARS OF MANAGEMENT OF GESTATIONAL DIABETES IN A PORTUGUESE HOSPITAL CENTRE; Background Gestational diabetes (GDM) is prevalent and is associated with adverse maternal and foetal outcomes. The authors report the results of a three-year follow-up study of pregnant women with GDM. Methods A retrospective study was performed based on medical records of women with gestational diabetes followed in a Portuguese hospital centre with childbirth from 2015 to 2017. Results 501 pregnant women with GDM were included. Women's ages ranged from 16 to 44 years (mean 32.75). Most were in the 30 to 35 year age group and nearly a third were over 35. In 2017, there was a considerable reduction of overweighed or obese women (51.3%), however more than half still had a body mass index above normal values. The third trimester glycated haemoglobin value was stable throughout these three years, with a mean of 5.15% (±0.40). Average gestational age at childbirth was 38.58 weeks (±1.42), and 92.3% of women carried their pregnancy to term. Average new-born's weight was 3,192.88g (±490.55). The proportion of new-borns weighing more than 4,000kg at birth averaged 4.2%, ranging from 1.8% in 2015 to 4.9% in 2016. The percentage of low birth weight (less than 2,500 g) has been more stable, averaging 8.0%. More than 80% of the women included in our study where reclassified. At the reclassification appointment, more than 90% presented a normal glucose tolerance test. There was a progressive increase in fasting glucose abnormality diagnoses (0.64%, 1.76% and 2.08% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively), whereas diminished glucose tolerance declined over the period (3.87%, 2.35% and 2.08% in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively). 2017 saw the largest proportion of diabetes diagnoses in reclassification appointments (2.58%). Conclusion The number of women who delay pregnancy has been growing over the years, as is shown by our study in which almost third of the sample were over 35 years of age. There is a surprising number of young women overweighed or obese, accentuating the increased cardiovascular risk associated with GDM. Nonetheless, pregnancy outcomes were quite satisfactory, as more than 90% of these women carried their pregnancy to term, and the average rate of macrosomia was less than 5%. Post-partum reclassification of the state of tolerance to carbohydrates is essential, as a history of GDM is a risk factor for GDM in a subsequent pregnancy, as well type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Care prior to and during subsequent pregnancies following stillbirth for improving outcomes; Background: Stillbirth affects at least 2.6 million families worldwide every year and has enduring consequences for parents and health services. Parents entering a subsequent pregnancy following stillbirth face a risk of stillbirth recurrence, alongside increased risks of other adverse pregnancy outcomes and psychosocial challenges. These parents may benefit from a range of interventions to optimise their short- and longer-term medical health and psychosocial well-being. Objectives: To assess the effects of different interventions or models of care prior to and during subsequent pregnancies following stillbirth on maternal, fetal, neonatal and family health outcomes, and health service utilisation. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (6 June 2018), along with ClinicalTrials.gov and the WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (18 June 2018). Selection criteria: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-randomised controlled trials (qRCTs). Trials using a cluster-randomised design were eligible for inclusion, but we found no such reports. We included trials published as abstract only, provided sufficient information was available to allow assessment of trial eligibility and risk of bias. We excluded cross-over trials. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trials for eligibility and undertook data extraction and 'Risk of bias' assessments. We extracted data from published reports, or sourced data directly from trialists. We checked the data for accuracy and resolved discrepancies by discussion or correspondence with trialists, or both. We conducted an assessment of the quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included nine RCTs and one qRCT, and judged them to be at low to moderate risk of bias. Trials were carried out between the years 1964 and 2015 and took place predominantly in high-income countries in Europe. All trials assessed medical interventions; no trials assessed psychosocial interventions or incorporated psychosocial aspects of care. Trials evaluated the use of antiplatelet agents (low-dose aspirin (LDA) or low-molecular-weight heparin (LMWH), or both), third-party leukocyte immunisation, intravenous immunoglobulin, and progestogen. Trial participants were women who were either pregnant or attempting to conceive following a pregnancy loss, fetal death, or adverse outcome in a previous pregnancy. We extracted data for 222 women who had experienced a previous stillbirth of 20 weeks' gestation or more from the broader trial data sets, and included them in this review. Our GRADE assessments of the quality of evidence ranged from very low to low, due largely to serious imprecision in effect estimates as a result of small sample sizes, low numbers of events, and wide confidence intervals (CIs) crossing the line of no effect. Most of the analyses in this review were not sufficiently powered to detect differences in the outcomes assessed. The results presented are therefore largely uncertain. Main comparisons LMWH versus no treatment/standard care (three RCTs, 123 women, depending on the outcome) It was uncertain whether LMWH reduced the risk of stillbirth (risk ratio (RR) 2.58, 95% CI 0.40 to 16.62; 3 trials; 122 participants; low-quality evidence), adverse perinatal outcome (RR 0.81, 95% CI 0.20 to 3.32; 2 trials; 77 participants; low-quality evidence), adverse maternal psychological effects (RR 1.00, 95% CI 0.07 to 14.90; 1 trial; 40 participants; very low-quality evidence), perinatal mortality (RR 2.58, 95% CI 0.40 to 16.62; 3 trials; 122 participants; low-quality evidence), or any preterm birth (< 37 weeks) (RR 1.01, 0.58 to 1.74; 3 trials; 114 participants; low-quality evidence). No neonatal deaths were reported in the trials assessed and no data were available for maternal-infant attachment. There was no clear evidence of a difference between the groups among the remaining secondary outcomes. LDA versus placebo (one RCT, 24 women) It was uncertain whether LDA reduced the risk of stillbirth (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.06 to 12.01), neonatal death (RR 0.29, 95% CI 0.01 to 6.38), adverse perinatal outcome (RR 0.28, 95% CI 0.03 to 2.34), perinatal mortality, or any preterm birth (< 37 weeks) (both of the latter RR 0.42, 95% CI 0.04 to 4.06; all very low-quality evidence). No data were available for adverse maternal psychological effects or maternal-infant attachment. LDA appeared to be associated with an increase in birthweight (mean difference (MD) 790.00 g, 95% CI 295.03 to 1284.97 g) when compared to placebo, but this result was very unstable due to the extremely small sample size. Whether LDA has any effect on the remaining secondary outcomes was also uncertain. Other comparisons LDA appeared to be associated with an increase in birthweight when compared to LDA + LMWH (MD -650.00 g, 95% CI -1210.33 to -89.67 g; 1 trial; 29 infants), as did third-party leukocyte immunisation when compared to placebo (MD 1195.00 g, 95% CI 273.35 to 2116.65 g; 1 trial, 4 infants), but these results were again very unstable due to extremely small sample sizes. The effects of the interventions on the remaining outcomes were also uncertain. Authors' conclusions: There is insufficient evidence in this review to inform clinical practice about the effectiveness of interventions to improve care prior to and during subsequent pregnancies following a stillbirth. There is a clear and urgent need for well-designed trials addressing this research question. The evaluation of medical interventions such as LDA, in the specific context of stillbirth prevention (and recurrent stillbirth prevention), is warranted. However, appropriate methodologies to evaluate such therapies need to be determined, particularly where clinical equipoise may be lacking. Careful trial design and multicentre collaboration is necessary to carry out trials that would be sufficiently large to detect differences in statistically rare outcomes such as stillbirth and neonatal death. The evaluation of psychosocial interventions addressing maternal-fetal attachment and parental anxiety and depression is also an urgent priority. In a randomised-trial context, such trials may allocate parents to different forms of support, to determine which have the greatest benefit with the least financial cost. Importantly, consistency in nomenclature and in data collection across all future trials (randomised and non-randomised) may be facilitated by a core outcomes data set for stillbirth research. All future trials should assess short- and longer-term psychosocial outcomes for parents and families, alongside economic costs of interventions.
Pancreatic carcinoma underlying a complex presentation in late pregnancy: A case report; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is strongly related to the risk of pancreatic cancer in pregnant women, but gestational diabetes can precede a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer by many years. Women with a history of gestational diabetes showed a relative risk of pancreatic cancer of 7.1. Pancreatic adenocarcinoma is one of the most common malignancies associated with thromboembolic events. A clinical study showed that thromboembolic events were detected in 36% of patients diagnosed as having pancreatic cancer. Studies showed that gestational diabetes mellitus could be one of the important risk factors for pancreatic cancer. Case presentation: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of breast and pancreatic cancer. This case report describes a 29-year-old Chinese woman who presented with: gestational diabetes mellitus; International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis criteria suggested disseminated intravascular coagulation with a score of 5; hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelet count syndrome; and pulmonary hypertension. After an intravenous injection of fibrinogen, she gave birth to a normal baby and following delivery, her blood pressure reached 180/110 mmHg. Laboratory analysis results showed elevated lactic dehydrogenase, decreased platelets and fibrinogen, and urine protein was positive. She was transfused with fresh frozen plasma, blood coagulation factor, and fibrinogen. Subsequently, she was transferred to a maternity intensive care unit, where magnesium sulfate seizure prophylaxis was continued for 24 hours to keep her magnesium level at a low therapeutic range. However, continuous oxygen therapy was needed to maintain her oxygenation. Further laboratory investigations revealed elevated carcinoembryonic antigen, carbohydrate antigen 19-9, and carbohydrate antigen 72-4. Positron emission tomography-computed tomography showed malignant carcinoma in the head of her pancreas with lymph node involvement along with bone, peritoneal, and left adrenal metastasis, as well as double lung lymphangitic carcinomatosis. Conclusion: A differential diagnosis of digestive system neoplasm should be considered when a pregnant patient presents with gestational diabetes mellitus and disseminated intravascular coagulation, where the disseminated intravascular coagulation has no specific cause and cannot be readily resolved.
Impact of influenza on outpatient visits and hospitalizations among pregnant women in Catalonia, Spain; Objective: To estimate outpatient visits and hospitalization rates due to cardiopulmonary illness attributable to influenza from 2008-09 to 2012-13 in a large cohort of pregnant women from Catalonia, Spain. Methods: We estimated the event rates occurring during influenza epidemic, influenza non-epidemic and non-influenza seasons, and by pregnancy status (one year before pregnancy, first, second and third trimester). We fitted quasi-Poisson models in order to identify the variables associated to higher event rates. Results: During influenza epidemic seasons, pregnant women in their second trimester had the highest rates of outpatient visits (153 per 10,000 women-months). An increased risk of outpatient visits was associated to first or second trimester (adjusted rate ratio (aRR) = 1.17; 95% CI, 1.10–1.23 and aRR, 1.36; 95% CI, 1.28–1.43, respectively) and having any comorbidity (aRR = 1.28; 95% CI, 1.21–1.36). Women during third trimester had the highest rates of hospitalizations (1.60 per 10,000 women-months), and an increased risk of hospitalization was significantly associated to third trimester (aRR, 1.85; 95% CI, 1.01–3.39), having any comorbidity (aRR, 1.93; 95% CI, 1.10–3.41) and the pandemic influenza season (aRR, 2.90 (1.81; 95% CI, 1.81–4.64). Conclusion: Our findings provide significant information regarding influenza burden of disease among pregnant women.
Pregnancy in idiopathic non-cirrhotic portal hypertension: A multicentric study on maternal and fetal management and outcome; Background & Aims: A total of 15% of patients with idiopathic non-cirrhotic portal hypertension (INCPH) are women of childbearing age. We aimed to determine maternal and fetal outcome of pregnancies occurring in women with INCPH. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the charts of women with INCPH followed in the centers of the VALDIG network, having had ≥1 pregnancy during the follow-up of their liver disease. Data are represented as median (interquartile range). Results: A total of 24 pregnancies occurred in 16 women within 24 (5–66) months after INCPH diagnosis. Four women had associated partial portal vein thrombosis before pregnancy. At conception, 2 out of the 16 women had detectable ascites and others were asymptomatic. Out of these 24 pregnancies, there were four miscarriages, one ectopic pregnancy, and one medical termination of pregnancy at 20 weeks of gestation. Out of the 18 other pregnancies reaching 20 weeks of gestation (in 14 patients), there were nine preterm and nine term deliveries. All infants were healthy at delivery, but one died at day 1 of unknown cause and one at day 22 of infectious meningitis; both were preterm. Concerning mothers, two had worsening of ascites, two had variceal bleeding despite non-selective betablockers during pregnancy and one developed a main portal vein thrombosis in early postpartum. Genital bleeding occurred in three patients, including two receiving anticoagulation. All 16 women were alive and asymptomatic after a median follow-up of 27 (9–93) months after last delivery. Conclusion: The overall outcome of women with INCPH who become pregnant is favorable despite a significant incidence of complications related to portal hypertension. Fetal outcome is favorable in most pregnancies reaching 20 weeks of gestation. Lay summary: About 15% of patients with idiopathic non-cirrhotic portal hypertension are women of childbearing age, who can become pregnant. As available reports on pregnancy in these women are scarce and heterogeneous, it is unclear whether or not pregnancy should be contraindicated in this setting. We provide detailed data showing that, regardless of the associated conditions, the overall outcome of women with idiopathic non-cirrhotic portal hypertension becoming pregnant is good despite a significant incidence of complications related to portal hypertension, and that fetal outcome is favorable in most pregnancies reaching 20 weeks of gestation.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities; Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Twenty-four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; p.o.) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; p.o.) between gestational days 14 and 19. The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase, liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde, uric acid, ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-oxidant defenses and replenishment of hepatic oxidative capacity through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome.
Pattern of Ischemic Heart Disease in a Subset of Females From the Outskirts of Rural Chennai, Tamilnadu, India; Introduction: The weaker albeit the stronger sex are also exposed to the vagaries of atherosclerosis and at every age more women die of heart disease than breast cancer. Objectives: Our study cohort consisted of 138 women from the rural outskirts of Chennai Tamilnadu, India, who had underwent Coronary angiography(CAG) for suspected CAD. Controls were 366 males from similar backgrounds. They were economically middle class, on irregular treatment of risk factors, rice being their staple diet, and high salt intake in the form of pickles and dry fish and ate very little green leafy vegetables. Methods: All patients underwent routine blood investigations, ECG, ECHO & execise treadmill (when applicable) prior to coronary angiogram. Ninety one females (65%)were post menopausal, 54(39%) presented with exertional angina and ECG changes, 26(18.8%) had a positive treadmill test, 21(15.2%) had anterior wall STEMI, 14(10%) had unstable angina, 13(9.4%) had anterior wall NSTEMI, and 10(7.2%) had inferior wall STEMI. Traditional risk factors were similar in both sexes, except that between 20 to 40 yrs, 3 of the 4 females(75%) with CAD had Diabetes mellitus in contrast to 4 of the 18 males(22%). Hypertension (HT)was more prevalent in females in the 61 to 80 age group and 13 of the 16 females(81%) had HT in contrast to 49 of the 78 males(62.8%). History of premature delivery was obtained in 29 of the 138 females(21%), Hypertension in pregnancy in 61(44%), pregnancy induced diabetes in 11(8%), single bread winner in 21(15.2%), mental stress and domiciliary unrest in 91(66%). There were 2 cases who had undergone mastectomy and chemotherapy for breast cancer. Results: The pattern of CAD that differe from males included, 50.7% normal coronaries in females in contrast to 22.9% of the males, Involvement of Left anterior descending artery in 44.1% of Females vs 22.95% in males, and 0% involvement of Left circumflex in females vs 9.5% in males. Conclusion: Ischemic heart disease occurs n women in the rural scenario inspite of their lives being less sedentary than their urban counterparts. A high salt diet, inadequate, irregular and delayed treatment and stress are formidable harbingers, and whether the LAD can be still called the widow making artery is food for thought. Disclosure of Interest: None declared
The management of pre-existing (type 1 and type 2) diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus is common and complicates 2–5% of pregnancies in the UK, with an increasing prevalence of pre-existing diabetes mellitus in pregnancy. Hyperglycaemia directly correlates with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, including congenital anomaly, miscarriage, pre-eclampsia, pre-term delivery, macrosomia, stillbirth and neonatal hypoglycaemia. Optimal glycaemic control before conception and during the antenatal period is paramount to reduce these risks. Pre-pregnancy preparation should focus on glycaemic control, medication review and end-organ disease assessment. All diabetic women of childbearing age not planning a pregnancy should be offered contraception. Antenatal care should focus on education from a multidisciplinary team. Women should understand the changes that occur in pregnancy and the need for more intense monitoring and tighter glycaemic control. Increased surveillance focuses on end-organ disease (retinal, renal), the development of pre-eclampsia and the presence of fetal complications. The postpartum period is valuable for reiterating the benefits of contraception and planning of future pregnancies. This article focuses on the management of pre-existing diabetes mellitus from pre-conception to the postpartum period.
Outcomes of singleton versus twin pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades; Background: Pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades of life have been increasing, but current data are limited regarding the outcomes of twin compared with singleton pregnancies in this age group and to twin pregnancies at younger age. Objective: To compare obstetrical and neonatal outcomes of IVF conceived pregnancies, in twin gestations of women who were ≥45 years old at delivery to singletons at similar age and twin gestations at the age of <35 years, and to assess if the complications are mainly influenced by the very advanced maternal age or by the multifetal pregnancy. Study Design: A retrospective cohort study from a single tertiary medical center of women aged ≥45 at delivery between March 2011 and January 2018 and women aged <35 at delivery with twin pregnancies that conceived by IVF. Exclusion criteria were spontaneous pregnancies or pregnancies after ovulation induction, monochorionic twin pregnancies, higher order multiple gestations, or women that underwent fetal reduction. Pregnancy, delivery, postpartum and neonatal outcomes were compared between singleton and twin pregnancies. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between twin pregnancies and adverse outcomes. Results: Out of 67,355 deliveries, 612 were of women ≥45 years old, of whom 492 women conceived via IVF (395 singleton and 97 twin pregnancies). Of those, 60 women were ≥50 years old, 49 of them carried singleton and 11 carried twin pregnancies. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. Women at the fifth and sixth decades with twins had significantly higher rates of preeclampsia (32.0% vs. 10.9%, p < 0.001), gestational diabetes mellitus (35.4% vs. 23.8%, p = 0.020), preterm deliveries <32 weeks of gestation (8.2% vs. 1.3%, p = 0.001), and fetal growth restriction (18.6% vs. 7.6%, p = 0.001) compared with singleton pregnancies at similar maternal age. After multivariate analysis adjusting for confounders, the odds ratio for the composite of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, intrauterine fetal growth restriction, and placental abruption was 3.19 for twin compared with singleton pregnancies and 1.73 for gestational diabetes mellitus. Pregnancy complications among older women with twins were also significantly higher when compared with younger women with twins (<35 years old). Women in the fifth and sixth decades with twins had higher rates of cesarean deliveries (91.8% vs. 56.4%, p<0.001), gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus (10.3% vs. 4.2%., p=0.016; 32.0% vs. 6.2%, p<0.001; 35.1% vs. 8.1%, p<0.001, respectively) than the younger group carrying twins. Conclusions: Twin pregnancies in the fifth and sixth decades carry significantly higher complications rate compared with singleton pregnancies at the same age and twin pregnancies at younger age.
A Review of Outcomes in Pregnant Women with Portal Hypertension; Background: The course of pregnancy in a woman with portal hypertension is a difficult one as it is associated with complications like variceal bleeding, splenic artery rupture and coagulopathy. All these pose a threat to a woman’s life. Although this condition is rare, every obstetrician should have a high index of suspicion when an antenatal mother presents with splenomegaly, thrombocytopenia or hematemesis. Hence, we aimed to review maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant women with portal hypertension. Methods: In a retrospective observational study, 41 women and 47 pregnancies were evaluated, from January 2000–December 2015 at Fernandez Hospital, a tertiary referral perinatal center. Maternal outcomes studied were variceal bleed during pregnancy, surgical procedures, morbidity and mortality. Neonatal variables were gestational age at delivery, birth weight and morbidities. Results: Mean maternal age was 26.4 years. Average gestational age at delivery was 36.5 weeks. Mean birth weight was 2507.5 g. There were three maternal deaths out of 47 deliveries, the cause of death was massive variceal bleed in one, the second one was due to cardiac arrest on MRI table, and the third death was due to splenic hilar vessel bleed. There was one stillbirth, and no neonatal deaths. Conclusion: A multidisciplinary approach is essential to improve perinatal outcomes in pregnancy complicated by portal hypertension. Surgical measures to reduce portal venous pressure done before pregnancy or beta blockers during pregnancy might help reduce sudden variceal bleeds.
Congenital nephrotic syndrome: A cases report; Congenital nephrotic syndrome (CNS) can be caused by neonatal infections and renal diseases that usually occur in early infancy. The most common CNS is the Finnish type, which is an autosomal recessively inherited disease characterized by intrauterine onset of massive proteinuria. In this study, we presented a preterm neonate confirmed as the first case of CNS in Iran by genetic study, who was admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of Imam Reza Hospital, Mashhad, Iran. The patient's mother had gestational diabetes mellitus and a history of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy. The newborn was hospitalized at birth because of hypoglycemia. Upon admission, repeat seizure, intraventricular hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage, and edema (specific gravity of more than 58 and sever protein urea) were detected. Furthermore, hypoalbuminemia was observed. The result of the blood culture and cerebral spinal fluid culture were negative. In addition, TORCH and venereal disease research laboratory tests were negative. Finally, genetic study showed a mutation in C3250 DUPG.
Developmental origins of pregnancy-induced cardiac changes: establishment of a novel model using the atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted mice; Pregnancy evokes many challenges on the maternal cardiovascular system that may unmask predispositions for future disease. This is particularly evident for women who develop pregnancy-related disorders, for example, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes or hypertension. Such pregnancy-related syndromes increase the risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) postpartum. As a result, pregnancy has been termed as a cardiovascular stress test and an indicator or marker to predict the development of CVD later in life. In addition, pregnancy-related disorders impact the development of offspring also placing them at a higher risk for disease. Utilizing pregnancy as a physiological stressor, the current investigation sought to determine whether the cardiovascular system of offspring exposed to gestational hypertension in utero would respond adversely to the stress of pregnancy. Heterozygous atrial natriuretic peptide gene-disrupted (ANP+/−) offspring were generated by either crossing male wildtype ANP+/+ with female knockout ANP−/− to produce ANP+/−KO mice or crossing female wildtype ANP+/+ with male knockout ANP−/− to produce ANP+/−WT mice. To study the cardiovascular stress induced by pregnancy, female ANP+/−WT and ANP+/−KO mice were mated with male wildtype ANP+/+ mice to initiate pregnancy. Cardiac size and molecular expression of the renin-angiotensin (RAS) and natriuretic peptide systems (NPS) were compared between offspring groups. Our data demonstrate that gestational hypertension and lack of maternal ANP did not significantly impact the progression and regression of pregnancy-induced cardiac hypertrophy over gestation and postpartum in ANP+/− offspring. Additionally, the molecular cardiac expression of the RAS and NPS did not differ between offspring groups. Future investigation should assess potential differences in cardiac function and the impact of fetal-programming on offspring cardiovascular adaptations during pregnancy in more severe models of pregnancy-related hypertensive syndrome such as angiotensin II or isoproterenol infusion.
An interprofessional approach to prevent recurrent obstetric anal sphincter injury (OASIS): A case report; Successful outcomes in this case are consistent with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologist (ACOG) guidelines for preventing OASIS. The interprofessional birth care team (IBCT) model exemplified by this case focuses on best practice in promoting a family's preferences for physiologic birth and preventing recurrent OASIS.
Oxidative stress as cause, consequence, or biomarker of altered female reproduction and development in the space environment; Oxidative stress has been implicated in the pathophysiology of numerous terrestrial disease processes and associated with morbidity following spaceflight. Furthermore, oxidative stress has long been considered a causative agent in adverse reproductive outcomes. The purpose of this review is to summarize the pathogenesis of oxidative stress caused by cosmic radiation and microgravity, review the relationship between oxidative stress and reproductive outcomes in females, and explore what role spaceflight-induced oxidative damage may have on female reproductive and developmental outcomes.
Maternal cognitive impairment associated with gestational diabetes mellitus—A review of potential contributing mechanisms; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries many risks, where high blood pressure, preeclampsia and future type II diabetes are widely acknowledged, but less focus has been placed on its effect on cognitive function. Although the multifactorial pathogenesis of maternal cognitive impairment is not completely understood, it shares several features with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In this review, we discuss some key pathophysiologies of GDM that may lead to cognitive impairment, specifically hyperglycemia, insulin resistance, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation. We explain how these incidents: (i) impair the insulin-signaling pathway and/or (ii) lead to cognitive impairment through hyperphosphorylation of τ protein, overexpression of amyloid-β and/or activation of microglia. The aforementioned pathologies impair the insulin-signaling pathway primarily through serine phosphorylation of insulin receptor substances (IRS). This then leads to the inactivation of the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase/Protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) signaling cascade, which is responsible for maintaining brain homeostasis and normal cognitive functioning. PI3K/AKT is crucial in maintaining normal cognitive function through the inactivation of glycogen synthase kinase 3β (GSκ3β), which hyperphosphorylates τ protein and releases pro-inflammatory cytokines that are neurotoxic. Several biomarkers were also highlighted as potential biomarkers of GDM-related cognitive impairment such as AGEs, serine-phosphorylated IRS-1 and inflammatory markers such as tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α), high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP), leptin, interleukin 1β (IL-1β), and IL-6. Although GDM is a transient disease, its complications may be long-term, and hence increased mechanistic knowledge of the molecular changes contributing to cognitive impairment may provide important clues for interventional strategies.
Guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes: a review of international recommendations; Objective: Τo summarize and present the main guidelines for exercise during normal pregnancy and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Relevant guidelines were retrieved through the electronic databases PubMed (MEDLINE), CENTRAL (Cochrane), and Embase; reference sections of the retrieved publications; proceedings of the main congresses in the field; and websites of relevant organizations published during the years 2000–2018. Results: All guidelines recommend aerobic training from 60 to 150 min/week, with an upper limit of 30 min/day. Exercise is safe, even on a daily basis. Resistance exercise is suggested by five national guidelines (Australia, Canada, Denmark, Norway, and the UK). Discrepancies exist regarding the recommended intensity of exercise. Canada, Japan, Spain, and the UK use both objective (heart rate and maximum oxygen consumption) and subjective criteria (Borg’s Scale and talk test) to determine the effectiveness and safety of exercise. Only Canada provides specific recommendations, according to the woman’s age and level of physical condition. Women with GDM on no insulin treatment do not need to take extra precautions during exercise. However, due to their condition of hyperglycemia, they must comply with the recommendation issued for type 2 diabetes. The prescription and supervision of exercise should be carried out in a similar way as for uncomplicated pregnancies. Finally, women with GDM on insulin treatment need to follow the same recommendations as for those for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. Conclusion: Health professionals must be informed about the correct planning and execution of physical exercise programs so as to safely achieve the maximum effectiveness of exercise-induced health-related benefits in pregnant women.
Birth weight and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and hypertension in adults: A meta-analysis of 7 646 267 participants from 135 studies; Background-—Low birth weight has been associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and hypertension, but the risk at high birth weight levels remains uncertain. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to clarify the shape of associations between birth weight and aforementioned diseases in adults and assessed sex-specific risks. Methods and Results-—We systematically searched PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science for studies published between 1980 and October 2016. Studies of birth weight and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), cardiovascular disease (CVD), and hypertension were included. Random-effects models were used to derive the summary relative risks and corresponding 95% confidence intervals.We identified 49 studies with 4 053 367 participants assessing the association between birth weight and T2DM, 33 studies with 5 949 477 participants for CVD, and 53 studies with 4 335 149 participants for hypertension and high blood pressure. Sex-specific binary analyses showed that only females had an increased risk of T2DM and CVD at the upper tail of the birth weight distribution. While categorical analyses of 6 birth weight groups and dose-response analyses showed J-shaped associations of birth weight with T2DM and CVD, the association was inverse with hypertension. The lowest risks for T2DM, CVD, and hypertension were observed at 3.5 to 4.0, 4.0 to 4.5, and 4.0 to 4.5 kg, respectively. Conclusions-—These findings indicate that birth weight is associated with risk of T2DM and CVD in a J-shaped manner and that this is more pronounced among females.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes as risk factors for hot flashes in midlife women; Objective: Most (60-80%) women experience hot flashes (HF) during the menopausal transition. HF have been associated with vascular endothelial dysfunction beyond standard cardiovascular disease risk factors and estradiol. Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HPD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are associated with vascular and endothelial dysfunction. Given a similar pathophysiology, we hypothesize that women with a history of HDP and GDM may experience a greater burden of HF. We further hypothesize that nulliparous women may have fewer HF. Design: A longitudinal analysis was performed that included data from 2,249 women who completed a pregnancy history questionnaire at the 13th visit of the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN). Women were asked if they had “any of the following pregnancy complications: preeclampsia/toxemia (high blood pressure and proteinuria), gestational hypertension or pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes (no diabetes pre-pregnancy).” Accordingly, women were classified as nulliparous, no HDP/GDM, or a history of HPD/GDM. HF were assessed at baseline and at each of the 13 follow-up visits over 15 years. Women with hysterctomy/oophorectomy and study observations with hormone therapy use were excluded. HF were recorded as any vs none; 0 days, 1-5 days, 6+ days in past two weeks. Participant characteristics were compared across our exposure groups (nulliparous, no HDP/GDM, history of HDP/GDM) using ANOVA or Kruskal-Wallis tests for continuous data and Chi-Square or Fisher's Exact for categorical variables. Pregnancy history was examined in relation to HF using generalized estimating equations adjusting for race/ethnicity, financial strain, education, study site and menopausal stage. Results: At time of the pregnancy questionaire, women were on average 61 years of age. Out of the 2249 individuals included in the analysis, 395 (17.6%) women were included in the nulliparous group, 1646 (73.2%) in parous women without HPD/GDM and 208 (9.2%) in parous women with HPD/GDM. Of the women in the HPD/GDM group, 176 (85%) women had a HPD only, 27 (13%) had GDM and 5 (2%) reported both. Women in the HPD/GDM group had a more adverse cardiovascular disease risk factor profile including higher BMI; antihypertensive, lipid-lowering medications and anti-diabetic medication use; and lower HDL levels (p<.01). In age-adjusted models, compared to women with no HDP/GDM, nulliparous women had a lower odds of reporting any HF (OR: 0.81, 95% CI: 0.71, 0.92), and women with HPD/GDM had a greater odds of any HF (OR: 1.20; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.42). In addition, while nulliparous women had a lower odds of frequent HF (6+ days), the HPD/GDM group had a greater odds of frequent HF (OR: 1.19, 95% CI: 1.00-1.41). In age-adjusted models, these associations were attenuated after controlling for site, race/ethnicity, financial strain, and particularly education. Conclusion: HDP/GDM may be modestly associated with a greater number of HF. Meanwhile, nulliparty may be associated with fewer HF. Associations between pregnancy history and HF were attenuated after adjusting for education, suggesting the important role of social factors in pregnancy outcomes and HF.
Impact of prior preterm or term small-for-gestational age birth on maternal blood pressure throughout the menopausal transition in the study of women's health across the nation (SWAN); Objective: Women who deliver a preterm or term small-for-gestational age (SGA) infant may be at increased risk for cardiovascular disease, perhaps related to higher blood pressure. While there is evidence that women with a preterm and SGA birth have modestly higher blood pressure (BP) prior to pregnancy and through early adulthood (age 18-40), there is limited evidence on whether these differences persist during the menopausal transition. The purpose of this analysis is to evaluate the impact of selfreported history of preterm and term SGA birth on maternal BP and incident hypertension during the menopausal transition. Design: A longitudinal analysis was conducted with 1772 women (45% white, 29% black, 6% Hispanic, 20% Chinese) from SWAN. Women were included in this analysis if they completed a detailed reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit and had BP data at baseline and at least one other visit. BP and anti-hypertensive use were assessed annually, over a 7-year follow-up. Linear mixed effect models were used to estimate progression of BP in two ways; across 1) chronological years (baseline to 7 years) and 2) years since the final menstrual period (range -16 to +8 years). Generalized estimating equations were used to examine the association between history of preterm and term SGA birth with BP categories (normal, elevated, stage 1 and stage 2 hypertension). In a subsample of women without reported hypertension or anti-hypertensive use at baseline, Cox proportional-hazards regression estimated incident hypertension. Models were adjusted for age at baseline, site, race/ethnicity, financial strain, body mass index, smoking status, physical activty, medications (lipid-lowering, anti-diabetic), parity, and age at first birth. Linear mixed models also adjusted for anti-hypertensive use. Sensitivity analyses were performed excluding women with self-reported hypertension or diabetes during pregnancy. Results: At the baseline SWAN visit, women were on average 47 years old. One hundred ninety-seven women (11%) reported ever having a preterm birth and 164 (9%) reported a prior term SGA birth. Compared to women with all terms births, the odds of elevated blood pressure/hypertension were 1.47 (95% CI: 1.07, 2.01) and 1.48 (95% CI: 1.02, 2.15) times higher for women with a preterm and term-SGA birth, respectively. Systolic BP was significantly higher at the final menstrual period in women with term SGA births (p<0.05), and decreased after the final menstrual period (β=-0.62, p=0.04). History of preterm birth was associated with incident hypertension (HR: 1.46, 95% CI: 1.27, 1.67) over a 7-year follow-up even after excluding women with reported hypertension or diabetes during pregnancy (HR: 1.49, 95% CI: 1.26, 1.76). Term SGA birth was not significantly associated with incident hypertension. Conclusion: This study suggests that preterm birth may increase the risk of incident and prevalent hypertension that occurs with chronological aging. While prior term SGA birth is associated with greater risk of prevalent hypertension in midlife, it is also related to decreasing systolic BP after the final menstrual period. Additional analyses are necessary to examine if rate of change differs across stages of reproductive aging. These findings are important as elevations in blood pressure in these groups of women may be linked to future cardiovascular disease.
Maternal hyperglycemia and fetal cardiac development: Clinical impact and underlying mechanisms; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common type of birth defect and is both a significant pediatric and adult health problem, in light of a growing population of survivors. The etiology of CHD has been considered to be multifactorial with genetic and environmental factors playing important roles. The combination of advances in cardiac developmental biology, which have resulted in the elucidation of molecular pathways regulating normal cardiac morphogenesis, and genome sequencing technology have allowed the discovery of numerous genetic contributors of CHD ranging from chromosomal abnormalities to single gene variants. Conversely, mechanistic details of the contribution of environmental factors to CHD remain unknown. Maternal diabetes mellitus (matDM) is a well-established and increasingly prevalent environmental risk factor for CHD, but the underlying etiologic mechanisms by which pregestational matDM increases the vulnerability of embryos to cardiac malformations remains largely elusive. Here, we will briefly discuss the multifactorial etiology of CHD with a focus on the epidemiologic link between matDM and CHD. We will describe the animal models used to study the underlying mechanisms between matDM and CHD and review the numerous cellular and molecular pathways affected by maternal hyperglycemia in the developing heart. Last, we discuss how this increased understanding may open the door for the development of novel prevention strategies to reduce the incidence of CHD in this high-risk population.
Risk factors for three-vessel coronary artery disease in patients of Northwest Mexico; Introduction: Three-vessel coronary artery disease is an advanced manifestation of atherosclerosis, with high prevalence in Mexico. Objective: The aim of this study was to describe coronary risk factors in a group of patients with three-vessel coronary artery disease in Northwest Mexico. Methods: A cross sectional study was conducted on a population with three-vessel coronary artery disease from May 2015 to February 2016. The disease was defined when ≥70% stenosis was present in each major epicardial coronary artery. Anthropometric and biochemical parameters were measured in each patient. Ankle-Brachial Index was measured with vascular ultrasound, and Syntax score calculation with an on-line application. Statistical analysis for qualitative differences was performed using Pearson χ2 test, with p < 0.05 being considered as significant. Results: The study included 100 patients, of whom 75 were male (mean age 63 ± 9 years) and 25 female (mean age 69 ± 9 years). The coronary risk factors observed were diabetes (58%), hypertension (86%), smoking (68%), dyslipidaemia (100%), metabolic syndrome (71%), and obe-sity/overweight (75%). Diabetes and metabolic syndrome prevalence was higher in women (p = 0.03), but smoking was higher in men (76%, p = 0.003). Ankle-Brachial Index was abnormal in 58% of patients, the mean Syntax score was in 36.9 ± 11.5, and the prevalence of left main coronary heart disease was 36%. Conclusions: This group of patients with complex coronary lesions has a high prevalence of coronary risk factors, which could represent a worse prognosis.
Study of maternal serum lipid profile in first and third trimester of pregnancy in tertiary care hospital; Increased maternal demand of steroid hormone in normal pregnancy may cause a dyslipidemic changes in maternal lipid profile. Due to association of lipid profile with atherosclerosis and CVD, it is carefully monitored in the non-pregnant populations. But it is not measured in routine obstetrical practices in our country, even no reference range is defined for lipid parameters during normal pregnancy to avoid perinatal complication and long-term effects on maternal health. The aim of the study is to evaluate serum lipid profile in 1st and 3rd trimester of pregnancy in tertiary care hospital. Pregnant women of 1st and 3rd trimester was divided into group 1 and 2 respectively (n = 30) in each group. Non-pregnant women were taken as controls (n = 40). Fasting serum samples were taken, and serum lipid profiles was estimated through kit available commercially. Data was collected and analyzed through Epi- info7. The mean level of serum triglyceride was significantly higher and serum HDL was significantly lower in 1st trimester and 3rd trimester when compared with controls. The mean level of serum total cholesterol and serum LDL were significantly higher in 3rd trimester compared with control while there was no significant difference in mean level of serum total cholesterol and LDL in 1st trimester when compared with control. Dyslipidemia in pregnancy are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, preterm birth and other adverse outcomes. Therefore, pregnant women should be screened for lipid profile and dyslipidemia should be identified.
Central venous catheter related thrombosis in neonatal intensive care unit, incidence and risk factors; Background and Objectives: Vascular access is a major challenge in the management of preterm and critically-ill term infants in neonatal intensive care units (NICU). In newborn, central venous catheters (CVC) allow rapid and reliable vascular access for the administration of fluids, total parenteral nutrition (TPN), medications, and hemodynamic monitoring. However, CVCs are associated with a high rate of life-threatening problems; such as mechanical, infectious and thrombotic complications. This study aimed to estimate the incidence of CVC related thrombosis (CRT) among neonates in our NICU and to determine its possible risk factors. Patients and Methods: A prospective cohort study in NICU, Faculty of Medicine, Ain Shams University, pediatrics hospital, over 9 months duration that was conducted on 50 admitted neonates who had CVC insertion, the gestational age range of 30- 39 weeks, birth weight range of 1.27-3.90 Kg and a male/female ratio of 27/23. All studied cases were subjected to detailed perinatal history, clinical examination, and laboratory evaluation relevant to determine risk factors for CRT development, including maternal pre eclampsia, maternal diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, low birth weight, perinatal asphyxia, blood product transfusion; (type and frequency), dehydration, sepsis, congenital heart disease, CVC criteria; (indication, type, site, size, position, method of insertion, tip of the catheter place, duration and anticoagulant used), infused fluid; (type and concentration), hematocrit value, platelets count, C reactive protein (CRP), prothrombin time (PT) and activated partial thrombplastin time (aPTT). All neonates had serial radiological investigations either neck Doppler on the vein with CVC or portal vein Doppler for umbilical vein catheters. Results: Five (10%) out of the 50 neonates had CRT. CRT had significant negative correlation with each of the gestational age (p=0.002) and birth weight (p=0.009), and significant positive correlation with each of hematocrit value (p=0.003), glucose infusion rate (GIR) (p=0.006) and total parentral nutrition (TPN) administration (p=0.044). No statistically significant association was found between CRT and any of maternal diseases, packed red blood cell transfusion, congenital heart disease, sepsis, dehydration, platelet count, CRP, PT, aPTT, CVC criteria (site, rib position, size, Methods of insertion, or duration of CVC in place) or mortality (p>0.05). Conclusions: the incidence of CRT in our NICU is 10%, with prematurity, low birth weight neonates, high GIR, TPN administration and high hematocrit value are of the risk factors for the development of CRT.
Programming of vascular dysfunction in the intrauterine milieu of diabetic pregnancies; With the rising global tide of obesity, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) burgeoned into one of the most common antenatal disorders worldwide. Macrosomic babies born to diabetic mothers are more likely to develop risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) before they reach adulthood. Rodent studies in offspring born to hyperglycemic pregnancies show vascular dysfunction characterized by impaired nitric oxide (NO)-mediated vasodilation and increased production of contractile prostanoids by cyclooxygenase 2 (COX-2). Vascular dysfunction is a key pathogenic event in the progression of diabetes-related vascular disease, primarily attributable to glucotoxicity. Therefore, glucose-induced vascular injury may stem directly from the hyperglycemic intrauterine environment of GDM pregnancy, as evinced by studies showing endothelial activation and inflammation at birth or in childhood in offspring born to GDM mothers. This review discusses potential mechanisms by which intrauterine hyperglycemia programs dysfunction in the developing vasculature.
Interventions during pregnancy to prevent preterm birth: An overview of Cochrane systematic reviews; Background: Preterm birth (PTB) is a major factor contributing to global rates of neonatal death and to longer-term health problems for surviving infants. Both the World Health Organization and the United Nations consider prevention of PTB as central to improving health care for pregnant women and newborn babies. Current preventative clinical strategies show varied efficacy in different populations of pregnant women, frustrating women and health providers alike, while researchers call for better understanding of the underlying mechanisms that lead to PTB. Objectives: We aimed to summarise all evidence for interventions relevant to the prevention of PTB as reported in Cochrane systematic reviews (SRs). We intended to highlight promising interventions and to identify SRs in need of an update. Methods: We searched the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (2 November 2017) with key words to capture any Cochrane SR that prespecified or reported a PTB outcome. Inclusion criteria focused on pregnant women without signs of preterm labour or ruptured amniotic membranes. We included reviews of interventions for pregnant women irrespective of their risk status. We followed standard Cochrane methods. We applied GRADE criteria to evaluate the quality of SR evidence. We assigned graphic icons to classify the effectiveness of interventions as: clear evidence of benefit; clear evidence of harm; clear evidence of no effect or equivalence; possible benefit; possible harm; or unknown benefit or harm. We defined clear evidence of benefit and clear evidence of harm to be GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a confidence interval (CI) that does not cross the line of no effect. Clear evidence of no effect or equivalence is GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a narrow CI crossing the line of no effect. Possible benefit and possible harm refer to GRADE low-quality evidence with a clear effect (CI does not cross the line of no effect) or GRADE moderate- or high-quality evidence with a wide CI. Unknown harm or benefit refers to GRADE low- or very low-quality evidence with a wide CI. Main results: We included 83 SRs; 70 had outcome data. Below we highlight key results from a subset of 36 SRs of interventions intended to prevent PTB. Outcome: preterm birth Clear evidence of benefit Four SRs reported clear evidence of benefit to prevent specific populations of pregnant women from giving birth early, including midwife-led continuity models of care versus other models of care for all women; screening for lower genital tract infections for pregnant women less than 37 weeks' gestation and without signs of labour, bleeding or infection; and zinc supplementation for pregnant women without systemic illness. Cervical cerclage showed clear benefit for women with singleton pregnancy and high risk of PTB only. Clear evidence of harm No included SR reported clear evidence of harm. No effect or equivalence For pregnant women at high risk of PTB, bedrest for women with singleton pregnancy and antibiotic prophylaxis during the second and third trimester were of no effect or equivalent to a comparator. Possible benefit Four SRs found possible benefit in: group antenatal care for all pregnant women; antibiotics for pregnant women with asymptomatic bacteriuria; pharmacological interventions for smoking cessation for pregnant women who smoke; and vitamin D supplements alone for women without pre-existing conditions such as diabetes. Possible harm One SR reported possible harm (increased risk of PTB) with intramuscular progesterone, but this finding is only relevant to women with multiple pregnancy and high risk of PTB. Another review found possible harm with vitamin D, calcium and other minerals for pregnant women without pre-existing conditions. Outcome: perinatal death Clear evidence of benefit Two SRs reported clear evidence of benefit to reduce pregnant women's risk of perinatal death: midwife-led continuity models of care for all pregnant women; and fetal and umbilical Doppler for high-risk pregnant women. Clear evidence of harm No included SR reported clear evidence of harm. No effect or equivalence For pregnant women at high risk of PTB, antibiotic prophylaxis during the second and third trimester was of no effect or equivalent to a comparator. Possible benefit One SR reported possible benefit with cervical cerclage for women with singleton pregnancy and high risk of PTB. Possible harm One SR reported possible harm associated with a reduced schedule of antenatal visits for pregnant women at low risk of pregnancy complications; importantly, these women already received antenatal care in settings with limited resources. Outcomes: preterm birth and perinatal death Unknown benefit or harm For pregnant women at high risk of PTB for any reason including multiple pregnancy, home uterine monitoring was of unknown benefit or harm. For pregnant women at high risk due to multiple pregnancy: bedrest, prophylactic oral betamimetics, vaginal progesterone and cervical cerclage were all of unknown benefit or harm. Authors' conclusions: Implications for practice The overview serves as a map and guide to all current evidence relevant to PTB prevention published in the Cochrane Library. Of 70 SRs with outcome data, we identified 36 reviews of interventions with the aim of preventing PTB. Just four of these SRs had evidence of clear benefit to women, with an additional four SRs reporting possible benefit. No SR reported clear harm, which is an important finding for women and health providers alike. The overview summarises no evidence for the clinically important interventions of cervical pessary, cervical length assessment and vaginal progesterone because these Cochrane Reviews were not current. These are active areas for PTB research. The graphic icons we assigned to SR effect estimates do not constitute clinical guidance or an endorsement of specific interventions for pregnant women. It remains critical for pregnant women and their healthcare providers to carefully consider whether specific strategies to prevent PTB will be of benefit for individual women, or for specific populations of women. Implications for research Formal consensus work is needed to establish standard language for overviews of reviews and to define the limits of their interpretation. Clinicians, researchers and funders must address the lack of evidence for interventions relevant to women at high risk of PTB due to multiple pregnancy.
Screening of differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast for severe early-onset preeclampsia in women with gestational diabetes mellitus using tandem mass tag quantitative proteomics; Background: Previous studies have revealed that women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing preeclampsia (PE). The possible reason is the abnormal lipid metabolism caused by GDM that leads to dysfunction of vascular endothelial cells and atherosclerosis, resulting in the onset of PE. However, studies focusing on the pathogenesis of PE in syncytiotrophoblast of GDM patients are lacking. This study aimed to compare differentially expressed proteins from syncytiotrophoblast between women with GDM and women with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Methods: Syncytiotrophoblast samples were obtained from pregnant women immediately after delivery. To explore the protein expression changes of syncytiotrophoblast that might explain the pathogenesis of PE in women with GDM, quantitative proteomics was performed using tandem mass tag (TMT) isobaric tags and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to enrich the biological processes that these differentially expressed proteins were involved in. Results: A total of 28,234 unique peptides and 4140 proteins were identified in all samples. Among them, 23 differentially expressed proteins were identified between patients with GDM and patients with GDM with subsequently developed PE. Therein, 11 proteins were upregulated and 12 proteins were downregulated. Two relative proteins (FLT1 and PABPC4) were independently verified using immunoblotting analysis. Bioinformatic results indicated that the onset of PE in patients with GDM is a multifactorial disorder, involving factors such as apoptosis, transcriptional misregulation, oxidative stress, lipid metabolism, cell infiltration and migration, and angiogenesis. Conclusion: These results indicated that the inadequacy of endometrium infiltration, angiogenic disorder, and oxidative stress in syncytiotrophoblast are more likely to occur in patients with GDM and may be the potential mechanisms leading to such patients secondarily developing severe early-onset PE.
National Diabetes Month - November 2018; November is National Diabetes Month. In the United States, approximately 30 million persons are living with diabetes and 84 million with prediabetes (1). Persons with prediabetes are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes, heart disease, and stroke (2). Likewise, women who have had gestational diabetes (diabetes during pregnancy) are at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes later in life (2). However, type 2 diabetes can be prevented or delayed through a structured lifestyle change program that promotes weight loss, healthy eating, and increased physical activity (2). A report on changes in gestational diabetes in the United States is included in this issue of MMWR (3).
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy among South Asian women: A single tertiary care center experience from Colombo, Sri Lanka; Aim: To study case mix, risk factors, adverse outcomes and associations of hyperglycemia in pregnancy in a cohort of Sri Lankans. Methods: Prospective observational study, from April 2011-October 2015 at a tertiary care referral center, Colombo, Sri Lanka. Data from first trimester to delivery of HIP was analyzed. Three subgroups were defined: Diabetes in pregnancy (DIP), Hyperglycemia in early Pregnancy (HIEP) [<24 weeks] and Gestational diabetes (GDM) [>24 weeks]. Results: Of 782 patients 572 (73.1%) had complete data. Case-mix: 137(24.0%) DIP, 331(57.9%) GDM and 104 (18.2%) HIEP. Primigravidae commoner in GDM (<0.05). DIP older – mean 33.3 ± 5.5 years (<0.01). Previous GDM commoner and pharmacological interventions needed in DIP and HIEP. Majority GDM (66.8%) required Medical Nutrition Therapy (MNT) alone. There was no difference in pregnancy outcomes between the 3 subgroups. Macrosomia significantly greater in HIEP (33.7%); neonatal cardiac defects more in DIP and HIEP. Conclusions: Increasing maternal age is a significant risk for DIP, while previous GDM is a risk for DIP and HIEP and neonatal congenital cardiac defects in subsequent pregnancies of South Asian women. We recommend preconception screening for glucose intolerance and achieving normoglycaemia among South Asian women with advanced maternal age and previous GDM.
Hyperglycemia in pregnancy and its implications for a woman's future risk of cardiovascular disease; It is well established that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of women who are at risk of ultimately developing type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Moreover, this relationship extends across the full spectrum of hyperglycemia in pregnancy, with lesser degrees of gestational dysglycemia identifying a proportionate gradient of future risk of T2DM. Importantly, a growing body of evidence suggests that an analogous relationship exists between hyperglycemia in pregnancy and a woman's long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well. Indeed, as compared to their peers, woman who had GDM have a higher risk of major cardiovascular events, which first manifests within the first decade after the index pregnancy. Although the absolute incidence of such events remains low in young women of child-bearing age, the identification of future risk of CVD at this early point in its natural history may provide the unique opportunity for timely intervention and ideally disease prevention. Thus, in this review, we discuss the emerging concept of hyperglycemia in pregnancy as an indicator of the future risk of CVD in young women and its implications for research and clinical practice.
Preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes – The evidence and potential strategies; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus is a condition strongly related to the development of type 2 diabetes later in life, although the risk and the onset have not been fully identified yet. Although glucose tolerance returns to normal levels after delivery in the majority of women with GDM, this condition represents an early stage in the natural history of T2DM. In addition, women with previous GDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and a raised incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Lifestyle changes and pharmacological interventions might be able to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes in pGDM women, although results are still not conclusive. Long term continuous programs specifically addressed to women with pGDM should be implemented, with the ambitious target to encourage them to regularly check glucose tolerance, lipid profile and other parameters related to cardiovascular diseases, aimed at improving women's health. In this paper, we review the relationship between type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and a history of GDM.
The global burden of hyperglycemia in pregnancy – Trends from studies in the last decade; Concurrent with the rise in obesity, global rates of diabetes are increasing at alarming rates in both developed and developing nations. As these conditions become more prevalent among women of reproductive age, rates of hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) are also increasing. HIP is associated with many immediate perinatal complications which affect both maternal and fetal/neonatal health, as well as with more long term complications. Long term complications include an increase in chronic non-communicable diseases in both mother and offspring, therefore affecting future generations. In addition to these health burdens, pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia are also associated with greater economic costs. It is therefore imperative to allocate educational and health care dollars and resources to decelerate the increasing prevalence of diabetes and HIP.
Cardiovascular disease risk unmasked by pregnancy complications; Pregnancy related complications indicate a propensity for atherosclerotic disease. Epidemiologic data demonstrate early onset cardiovascular disease in women with a history of pregnancy loss, preterm pregnancy or pregnancy complicated by intrauterine growth restriction. Early onset diabetes, increased rates of MI and increased rates of stroke are more prevalent after gestational diabetes. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy mark significant pathophysiologic changes, including vascular dysfunction and immunologic changes, which induce atherogenesis and result in a substantial increase in rates of stroke, ischemic heart disease and cardiac mortality. Metabolic, endothelial and inflammatory changes are responsible for either the early onset or early recognition of cardiovascular disease propensity in patients who experience a complicated pregnancy. Therefore, the American Heart Association guidelines recognize pregnancy related complications as an independent risk factor for heart disease. This review informs physicians of epidemiologic data and, guideline recommendations and is meant to guide physicians in early interventions including provider education, routine post-partum multidisciplinary (primary care, obstetrics, cardiology) evaluation, risk factor monitoring and control after a complicated pregnancy.
No. 367-2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity throughout Pregnancy; Objective: The objective is to provide guidance for pregnant women, and obstetric care and exercise professionals, on prenatal physical activity. Outcomes: The outcomes evaluated were maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality during and following pregnancy. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus and Web of Science Core Collection, CINAHL Plus with Full-text, Child Development & Adolescent Studies, ERIC, Sport Discus, ClinicalTrials.gov, and the Trip Database from database inception up to January 6, 2017. Primary studies of any design were eligible, except case studies. Results were limited to English, Spanish, or French language materials. Articles related to maternal physical activity during pregnancy reporting on maternal, fetal, or neonatal morbidity or fetal mortality were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence was rated using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology. Values: The Guidelines Consensus Panel solicited feedback from end-users (obstetric care providers, exercise professionals, researchers, policy organizations, and pregnant and postpartum women). The development of this guideline followed the Appraisal of Guidelines for Research Evaluation (AGREE) II instrument. Benefits, harms, and costs: The benefits of prenatal physical activity are moderate, and no harms were identified; therefore, the difference between desirable and undesirable consequences (net benefit) is expected to be moderate. The majority of stakeholders and end-users indicated that following these recommendations would be feasible, acceptable, and equitable. Following these recommendations is likely to require minimal resources from both individual and health systems perspectives. Preamble: This guideline provide evidence-based recommendations regarding physical activity throughout pregnancy in the promotion of maternal, fetal, and neonatal health. In the absence of contraindications (see later for a detailed list), following this guideline is associated with: (1) fewer newborn complications (i.e., large for gestational age); and (2) maternal health benefits (i.e., decreased risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, Caesarean section, instrumental delivery, urinary incontinence, excessive gestational weight gain, and depression; improved blood glucose; decreased total gestational weight gain; and decreased severity of depressive symptoms and lumbopelvic pain). Physical activity is not associated with miscarriage, stillbirth, neonatal death, preterm birth, preterm/prelabour rupture of membranes, neonatal hypoglycemia, low birth weight, birth defects, induction of labour, or birth complications. In general, more physical activity (frequency, duration, and/or volume) is associated with greater benefits. However, evidence was not identified regarding the safety or additional benefit of exercising at levels significantly above the recommendations. Prenatal physical activity should be considered a front-line therapy for reducing the risk of pregnancy complications and enhancing maternal physical and mental health. For pregnant women not currently meeting this guideline, a progressive adjustment toward them is recommended. Previously active women may continue physical activity throughout pregnancy. Women may need to modify physical activity as pregnancy progresses. There may be periods when following the guideline is not possible due to fatigue and/or discomforts of pregnancy; women are encouraged to do what they can and to return to following the recommendations when they are able. This guideline were informed by an extensive systematic review of the literature, expert opinion, end-user consultation and considerations of feasibility, acceptability, costs, and equity. Recommendations: The specific recommendations in this 2019 Canadian Guideline for Physical Activity Throughout Pregnancy are provided below with corresponding statements indicating the quality of the evidence informing the recommendations and the strength of the recommendations (explanations follow). 1 All women without contraindication should be physically active throughout pregnancy (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). Specific subgroups were examined: a Women who were previously inactive (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). b Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (weak recommendation,a low quality evidence). c Women categorized as overweight or obese (pre-pregnancy body mass index ≥25 kg/m2) (strong recommendation,b low quality evidence). 2 Pregnant women should accumulate at least 150 minutes of moderate-intensityc physical activity each week to achieve clinically meaningful health benefits and reductions in pregnancy complications (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). 3 Physical activity should be accumulated over a minimum of 3 days per week; however, being active every day is encouraged (strong recommendation, moderate quality evidence). 4 Pregnant women should incorporate a variety of aerobic exercise and resistance training activities to achieve greater benefits. Adding yoga and/or gentle stretching may also be beneficial (strong recommendation, high quality evidence). 5 Pelvic floor muscle training (e.g., Kegel exercises) may be performed on a daily basis to reduce the risk of urinary incontinence. Instruction in proper technique is recommended to obtain optimal benefits (weak recommendation,d low quality evidence). 6 Pregnant women who experience light-headedness, experience nausea, or feel unwell when they exercise flat on their back should modify their exercise position to avoid the supine position (weak recommendation,e very low quality evidence). Contraindications: All pregnant women can participate in physical activity throughout pregnancy with the exception of those who have contraindications (listed below). Women with absolute contraindications may continue their usual activities of daily living but should not participate in more strenuous activities. Women with relative contraindications should discuss the advantages and disadvantages of moderate-to-vigorous intensity physical activity with their obstetric care provider prior to participation. Absolute contraindications to exercise are the following: • Ruptured membranes • Premature labour • Unexplained persistent vaginal bleeding • Placenta previa after 28 weeks’ gestation • Preeclampsia • Incompetent cervix • Intrauterine growth restriction • High-order multiple pregnancy (e.g., triplets) • Uncontrolled type 1 diabetes • Uncontrolled hypertension • Uncontrolled thyroid disease • Other serious cardiovascular, respiratory, or systemic disorder Relative contraindications to exercise are the following: • Recurrent pregnancy loss • Gestational hypertension • A history of spontaneous preterm birth • Mild/moderate cardiovascular or respiratory disease • Symptomatic anemia • Malnutrition • Eating disorder • Twin pregnancy after the 28th week • Other significant medical conditions Strength of the Recommendations: The GRADE system was utilized to grade the strength of the recommendations. Recommendations are rated as strong or weak based on the: (1) balance between benefits and harms; (2) overall quality of the evidence; (3) importance of outcomes (i.e., values and preferences of pregnant women); (4) use of resources (i.e., cost); (5) impact on health equity; (6) feasibility, and (7) acceptability. Strong recommendation: Most or all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action. Weak recommendation: Not all pregnant women will be best served by the recommended course of action; there is a need to consider other factors such as the individual's circumstances, preferences, values, resources available, or setting. Consultation with an obstetric care provider may assist in decision-making. Quality of the Evidence: The quality of the evidence refers to the level of confidence in the evidence and ranges from very low to high. High quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is very confident that the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is close to the true effect. Moderate quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel is moderately confident in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be close to the true effect, but there is a possibility that it is substantially different. Low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel's confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome is limited; the estimate of the effect may be substantially different from the true effect. Very low quality: The Guideline Consensus Panel has very little confidence in the estimated effect of physical activity on the health outcome; the estimate of the effect is likely to be substantially different from the true effect. aThis was a weak recommendation because the quality of evidence was low, and the net benefit between women who were physically active and those who were not was small. bThis was a strong recommendation because, despite low quality evidence supporting physical activity during pregnancy for women categorized as overweight or obese, there was evidence from randomized controlled trials demonstrating an improvement in gestational weight gain and blood glucose. cModerate-intensity physical activity is intense enough to noticeably increase heart rate; a person can talk but not sing during activities of this intensity. Examples of moderate-intensity physical activity include brisk walking, water aerobics, stationary cycling (moderate effort), resistance training, carrying moderate loads, and household chores (e.g., gardening, washing windows). dThis was a weak recommendation because urinary incontinence was was not rated as a “critical” outcome and the evidence was low quality. eThis was a weak recommendation because: (1) the quality of evidence was very low; and (2) although harms were investigated there was limited available information to inform the balance of benefits and harms. This recommendation was primarily based on expert opinion.
BREATHING FOR TWO: A CASE OF SEVERE EOSINOPHILIC ASTHMA DURING PREGNANCY TREATED WITH BENRALIZUMAB; Introduction: The following is a case of severe eosinophilic asthma during pregnancy treated with benralizumab. Case Description: A 31-year old female diagnosed with asthma presented to the hospital with tachycardia, severe dyspnea and wheezing. A CBC revealed eosinophilia of 6,940 cells/mL and a multifocal pneumonia on HRCT. 2D echo showed a pericardial effusion with impending tamponade. Eosinophilia was noted in pericardial fluid (162 cells/mL), in bronchoscopy BAL fluid (208 cells/mL) and on pericardial biopsy. Bone marrow biopsy was normal. Strongyloides IgG was positive, but two courses of ivermectin did not change her clinical course. High dose glucocorticoids improved her symptoms and eosinophilia. Outpatient initiation of benralizumab allowed for further symptom control and tapering of glucocorticoids. Benralizumab was stopped due to pregnancy with recurrence of eosinophilia and asthma symptoms twelve weeks after discontinuation, requiring high dose daily glucocorticoids. Given concerns for new onset peripheral edema and poorly controlled asthma with progressive eosinophilia, benralizumab was restarted at 20 weeks gestation. Within two weeks, her peripheral edema, eosinophilia and her asthma symptoms improved. She is now on low dose corticosteroids. Discussion: Glucocorticoid use during pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes, cleft palate and still births. However, it is often first line therapy for acute asthma exacerbations and poorly controlled asthma during pregnancy. Human data on benralizumab in pregnancy is extremely limited, consisting of immediate cessation of therapy in two patients found to be pregnant in the BISE trial. This case demonstrates the use of benralizumab during the majority of gestation with limited fetal complications.
Mothers with HIP – The short term and long-term impact, what is new?; Hyperglycemia is one of the most common medical conditions that women encounter during pregnancy and it is due to gestational diabetes (GDM) in the majority of cases (International Diabetes Federation, 2015) [1]. GDM is associated with a higher incidence of maternal morbidity in pregnancy in term of hypertensive disorders/preclampsia and higher rate of cesarean delivery but also with long-term risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Pregnancy can therefore be considered a stress test; diagnosis of HIP can unmask a preexisting susceptibility and consequently a future risk for type 2 diabetes and can be a useful marker of future cardiovascular risk. Postpartum follow up provides an excellent opportunity to implement healthy lifestyle behaviors to prevent or delay the development of diabetes or cardiovascular disease. The aim of the current review is to focus on short and long term maternal morbidity of HIP.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnant Women: A Review of Pregnancy Outcomes and an Approach to Management; Among obese pregnant women, 15%-20% have obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and this prevalence increases along with body mass index and in the presence of other comorbidities. Prepregnancy obesity and pregnancy-related weight gain are certainly risk factors for sleep-disordered breathing in pregnancy, but certain physiologic changes of pregnancy may also increase a woman's risk of developing or worsening OSA. While it has been shown that untreated OSA in postmenopausal women is associated with a range of cardiovascular, pulmonary, and metabolic comorbidities, a body of literature is emerging that suggests OSA may also have serious implications for the health of mothers and fetuses during and after pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the following: pregnancy as a vulnerable period for the development or worsening of OSA; the associations between OSA and maternal and fetal outcomes; the current screening modalities for OSA in pregnancy; and current recommendations regarding peripartum management of OSA.
Clinical and biochemical approach to predicting post-pregnancy metabolic decompensation; The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the developed world is increased and parallels that of obesity. Apart from the maternal and fetal complications occurring during pregnancy, GDM is characterized by a high subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. In this paper, we outline the different factors to consider in assessing the future risk of diabetes developing in women with a history of GDM. Looking at the modifiable risk factors, it is worth noting that promoting a healthy diet and lifestyle before (physical activity), during and after pregnancy (breast feeding) in women of fertile age are fundamental to the success of efforts to reduce the burden of diabetes in these young people.
Hepatitis B surface antigen positivity during pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection is a prevalent public health issue worldwide. Its impact on important pregnancy outcomes, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has not been clearly established. The findings from published studies are inconsistent. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we aimed to clarify whether HBV infection manifested during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of GDM. We searched MEDLINE and EMBASE for cohort studies and case-control studies that investigated the association between maternal hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) positivity and GDM. We pooled adjusted odds ratio (aOR) and unadjusted OR, respectively, using the random-effect generic inverse variance method. We assessed risk of bias using the Quality in Prognosis Studies tool and conducted five pre-specified subgroup analyses. In total, 23 cohort studies involving 3 529 223 participants were included. The risk of GDM was 6.48% (1868/28 829) among HBsAg-positive pregnant women and 3.41% (119 283/3 500 394) among HBsAg-negative pregnant women. Meta-analyses of both unadjusted and adjusted effect estimates showed that HBsAg positivity during pregnancy was associated with higher risk of developing GDM (unadjusted OR 1.35, 95% CI: 1.17 to 1.56, I2 = 82.6%; adjusted OR 1.47, 1.22 to 1.76, I2 = 62%). Among pre-specified subgroup analysis, significant differences were found among studies with high vs low or moderate risk of bias. The results were robust to sensitivity analyses. In conclusion, HBsAg positivity during pregnancy has a moderate effect on an increased risk of GDM. Given the size of the population with HBV infection worldwide, however, this effect could have substantial impact on pregnancy. Further studies are warranted to investigate whether active infection with HBeAg positivity would further elevate the risk of adverse events during pregnancy.
Human fetoplacental arterial and venous endothelial cells are differentially programmed by gestational diabetes mellitus, resulting in cell-specific barrier function changes; Aims/hypothesis: An adverse intrauterine environment can result in permanent changes in the physiology of the offspring and predispose to diseases in adulthood. One such exposure, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), has been linked to development of metabolic disorders and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Epigenetic variation, including DNA methylation, is recognised as a leading mechanism underpinning fetal programming and we hypothesised that this plays a key role in fetoplacental endothelial dysfunction following exposure to GDM. Thus, we conducted a pilot epigenetic study to analyse concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM-exposed fetoplacental endothelial cells. Methods: Genome-wide methylation analysis of primary fetoplacental arterial endothelial cells (AEC) and venous endothelial cells (VEC) from healthy pregnancies and GDM-complicated pregnancies in parallel with transcriptome analysis identified methylation and expression changes. Most-affected pathways and functions were identified by Ingenuity Pathway Analysis and validated using functional assays. Results: Transcriptome and methylation analyses identified variation in gene expression linked to GDM-associated DNA methylation in 408 genes in AEC and 159 genes in VEC, implying a direct functional link. Pathway analysis found that genes altered by exposure to GDM clustered to functions associated with ‘cell morphology’ and ‘cellular movement’ in healthy AEC and VEC. Further functional analysis demonstrated that GDM-exposed cells had altered actin organisation and barrier function. Conclusions/interpretation: Our data indicate that exposure to GDM programs atypical morphology and barrier function in fetoplacental endothelial cells by DNA methylation and gene expression change. The effects differ between AEC and VEC, indicating a stringent cell-specific sensitivity to adverse exposures associated with developmental programming in utero. Data availability: DNA methylation and gene expression datasets generated and analysed during the current study are available at the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/geo) under accession numbers GSE106099 and GSE103552, respectively.
High-sensitivity troponin T in preterm infants with a hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus; Objective: To investigate if a hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus (hsPDA) leads to elevated high-sensitivity troponin T (hsTnT) and NTproBNP levels in serum. Study design: Infants <34 weeks and <1500 g were prospectively enrolled, except those with major congenital or chromosomal anomalies. An echocardiogram (ECHO) was performed and hsTnT and NTproBNP were measured within 5 days of life and repeated after treatment of hsPDA. Clinical, ECHO, and hsTnT data were analyzed using Student t-test, two proportion z-test, and regression analysis. Results: Seventy infants were enrolled. Infants in the hsPDA group had lower gestation and birth weight. Mean hsTnT and NTproBNP levels in the hsPDA group were higher compared to the group without an hsPDA, with levels being 251.54 vs 161.6 pg/ml, p < 0.01 for hsTnT and 18181.02 vs 3149.23 pg/ml, p < 0.001 for NTproBNP. Conclusion: HsPDA leads to increased hsTnT and NTproBNP levels in preterm infants without affecting cardiac function.
Routine blood tests during pregnancy for predicting future increases in risk of cardiovascular morbidity; Objective: To examine the association between routine blood tests during pregnancy and future risk of cardiovascular morbidity. Methods: The present case–control study was conducted among women who delivered at a teaching hospital in Israel between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2012. The cohort comprised women who were subsequently hospitalized owing to cardiovascular morbidity (case group) and age-matched non-hospitalized women (control group). Blood levels of creatinine, glucose, potassium, urea, and uric acid were measured during pregnancy. Only women with at least one test result available for all five measurements were included. The relationship between upper quartile blood test values and cardiovascular hospitalization was assessed. Results: The study included 4115 women (212 in the case group and 3903 in the control group). Three measures were associated with a future risk of cardiovascular morbidity requiring hospitalization: creatinine (hazard ratio [HR] 1.86, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.37–2.53; P<0.001); potassium (HR 1.48, 95% CI 1.09–2.01; P=0.013), and urea (HR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17–2.19; P=0.003). The number of blood test results in the upper quartile also increased such risk. The HRs for two tests and at least three tests were 1.65 (95% CI 1.06–2.56; P=0.026) and 3.32 (95% CI 2.19–5.04; P<0.001), respectively. Conclusions: Future cardiovascular morbidity was predicted by routine blood tests during pregnancy.
Glycaemic status and depressive symptoms among adults in Germany: results from the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Adults (DEGS1); Aims: To examine the association between glycaemic status and depressive symptoms in a nationwide sample of the adult population in Germany. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of data from 6385 participants aged 18–79 years in the nationwide German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Adults 2008–2011 (DEGS1). Glycaemic status was classified as follows: diagnosed diabetes (self-reported diagnosis or receiving antidiabetes medication); undiagnosed diabetes (HbA1c ≥48 mmol/mol [≥6.5%]); prediabetes (HbA1c 39–47 mmol/mol [5.7–6.4%]); or normoglycaemia (HbA1c <39 mmol/mol [<5.7%]). Current depressive symptoms were measured using the Patient Health Questionnaire depression scale (PHQ-9) and defined as elevated depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 score ≥10 points; dichotomous variable) and severity of depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 score, range 0–27 points; continuous variable). Associations of glycaemic status and HbA1c with both depressive symptoms variables were analysed using multivariable logistic (elevated depressive symptoms) and linear (severity of depressive symptoms) regression models. Results: Compared with normoglycaemia, diagnosed diabetes, but not prediabetes or undiagnosed diabetes, was associated with elevated depressive symptoms (odds ratio 1.55, 95% CI 1.00–2.41) and severity of depressive symptoms (β coefficient 0.71, 95% CI 0.23–1.19) in models adjusting for sociodemographics and health behaviours. Associations were similar among people with diagnosed diabetes taking and not taking antidiabetes medication. Among people without diagnosed diabetes, no associations between HbA1c and depressive symptoms were found. Conclusions: Diagnosed diabetes, but not prediabetes, undiagnosed diabetes or HbA1c, was associated with depressive symptoms among adults in Germany. Studies examining psychosocial and biological mechanisms that may potentially explain relationships between diagnosed diabetes and depressive symptoms are needed.
The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a serious pregnancy complication, in which women without previously diagnosed diabetes develop chronic hyperglycemia during gestation. In most cases, this hyperglycemia is the result of impaired glucose tolerance due to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction on a background of chronic insulin resistance. Risk factors for GDM include overweight and obesity, advanced maternal age, and a family history or any form of diabetes. Consequences of GDM include increased risk of maternal cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and macrosomia and birth complications in the infant. There is also a longer-term risk of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the child. GDM affects approximately 16.5% of pregnancies worldwide, and this number is set to increase with the escalating obesity epidemic. While several management strategies exist—including insulin and lifestyle interventions—there is not yet a cure or an efficacious prevention strategy. One reason for this is that the molecular mechanisms underlying GDM are poorly defined. This review discusses what is known about the pathophysiology of GDM, and where there are gaps in the literature that warrant further exploration.
Outcomes of Women Delivering at Very Advanced Maternal Age; Background: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the maternal outcome in women with very advanced maternal age (VAMA) at childbirth (>45 years) compared to advanced maternal age (35-39 and 40-44 years). Methods: Retrospective cohort study using the Texas Public Use Data File, years 2013-2014. Maternal age was a three-level variable: 35-39 (referent), 40-44, and 45-59 years (VAMA). Adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) for the two older age groups for various obstetrical and nonobstetrical complications were calculated from log-binomial regression models. Results: The sample consisted of 96,879 deliveries. In univariate analyses, a higher frequency (p < 0.05) of gestational diabetes, pregestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, pregnancy related hypertensive disorders, multiple gestation, oligohydramnios, polyhydramnios, placenta previa, postpartum hemorrhage, small for gestational age, intrauterine fetal death, and length of stay were noted in the two older maternal age groups compared to the youngest maternal age group. Multiple gestations were noted to be more frequent in the two older groups: the VAMA group had a 336% increase in their risk (aRR = 4.36, 95% CI: 3.68-5.17), while women 40-44 years of age experienced a 17% increase in their risk (aRR = 1.17, 95% CI: 1.07-1.29) compared to women in the 35-39 year group. The risk of the following outcomes was approximately doubled in VAMA women compared to the referent (all statistically significant): small for gestational age (aRR = 1.92), stillbirth (aRR = 2.12), and intrauterine fetal death (aRR = 1.96). Conclusions: This population-based study detected a dose-response association between maternal age and the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications.
Maternal arterial stiffness and fetal cardiovascular physiology in diabetic pregnancy; OBJECTIVES: In mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes, abnormal arterial stiffness (stiffer arteries) has been reported. The impact of abnormal maternal arterial stiffness on placental and fetal cardiovascular physiology is unknown. The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of maternal diabetes on maternal arterial stiffness and the association with fetal cardiovascular physiology as measured by fetal echocardiography. METHODS: Between December 2013 and January 2017 a prospective study was conducted on diabetic (but otherwise healthy) and non-diabetic, healthy pregnant mothers aged 18-40 years at 20-28 weeks' gestation who had a normal fetal cardiac echocardiogram and obstetric ultrasound. Clinical data were collected by means of a patient questionnaire and measurement of blood pressure, height, weight, arterial augmentation index (AIx) and placental and fetal cardiovascular parameters were collected by fetal echocardiography. Descriptive statistics were calculated. Comparisons were made using parametric and non-parametric tests between controls and diabetic mothers. RESULTS: Twenty-three healthy pregnant controls and 43 diabetic pregnant women (22 with pregestational and 21 with gestational diabetes) were included in the study. Maternal AIx was higher in those with diabetes than in healthy controls (12.4 ± 10.6% vs 4.6 ± 7.9%; P = 0.003). Fetal aortic valve (AoV) velocity time integral (VTI) was higher in fetuses whose mothers had diabetes than in those with non-diabetic mothers (7.7 ± 1.9 cm vs 6.3 ± 3.0 cm; P = 0.022). Left ventricular (LV) myocardial performance index (MPI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies than in controls (0.40 ± 0.09 vs 0.46 ± 0.11; P = 0.021). Umbilical artery (UA) resistance index (RI) was lower in diabetic pregnancies with glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels ≥ 6.5% than in those with HbA1c levels < 6.5% (0.69 ± 0.06, n = 15 vs 0.76 ± 0.08, n = 21; P = 0.009) but not at higher HbA1C cut-offs. No correlation between AIx and AoV-VTI, LV-MPI or UA-RI was found. CONCLUSIONS: Arterial stiffness is higher in pregnant women with diabetes than in controls. Fetuses of diabetic mothers show altered cardiovascular parameters, with higher AoV-VTI and lower LV-MPI, which are markers of myocardial function. Placental function assessed by UA-RI was normal despite differences between groups. Arterial stiffness did not correlate with placental or fetal cardiovascular variables. Instead, the findings are likely to represent a shared response to the environment of abnormal glucose metabolism. The clinical significance of these findings is yet to be determined. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Effect of gestational diabetes and insulin resistance on offspring’s myocardial relaxation kinetics at three years of age; Purpose Scientific evidence on the long-term impact of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on offspring’s myocardial relaxation is scarce. Studies have linked GDM with transient ventricular hypertrophy in newborns resulting in diastolic dysfunction, but long-term assessment is lacking. The main objective of this study was to evaluate myocardial relaxation in 3-year-old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. Methods We prospectively assessed myocardial relaxation by echocardiography imaging on 106 children at 3 years of age. Subjects were divided into 3 groups [GDM, insulin resistance (IR) and normoglycemic (CTRL)], based on their mother’s 75g-OGTT and HOMA-IR results at second trimester screening. We collected information on children adiposity and body size, maternal characteristics and maternal and cord blood measurement of C-peptide and insulin. Results The study population comprised 29 children from GDM mothers, 36 children from IR mothers and 41 CTRL children. Compared to the CTRL group, we found that a higher proportion of children in the IR group and the GDM group met the criteria for impaired myocardial relaxation, but this did not reach statistical significance (odds ratio adjusted for heart rate and body surface area of 1.4 [0.2–9.5] and 3.5 [0.6–20.6], respectively). Conclusion We did not detect an increased risk of impaired myocardial relaxation at three years of age in children exposed in-utero to IR and GDM, compared to children from normoglycemic mothers.
Metformin and type 2 diabetes prevention; Metformin, an established therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, has demonstrated safety and effectiveness in the prevention or delay of type 2 diabetes in people at high risk. The Diabetes Prevention Program randomized clinical trial demonstrated that intensive lifestyle intervention and metformin therapy reduced progression to diabetes by 58 and 31%, respectively, compared to placebo in people at risk of type 2 diabetes. Although lifestyle intervention was beneficial in all groups, metformin had a selectively greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose, had a history of gestational diabetes, or were younger. Long-term effects included an 18% diabetes reduction with metformin compared to placebo over 15 years, a reduction in microvascular complications among those who did not progress to diabetes (without difference among treatment arms), and suggestion by coronary calcium assessment of a possible impact on atherosclerosis in men. Although long-term follow-up to assess later-stage outcomes is underway, current efforts to address gaps in evidence and translation remain of significant public health interest.
Sapropterin treatment prevents congenital heart defects induced by pregestational diabetes mellitus in mice; Background—Tetrahydrobiopterin is a cofactor of endothelial NO synthase (eNOS), which is critical to embryonic heart development. We aimed to study the effects of sapropterin (Kuvan), an orally active synthetic form of tetrahydrobiopterin on eNOS uncoupling and congenital heart defects (CHDs) induced by pregestational diabetes mellitus in mice. Methods and Results—Adult female mice were induced to pregestational diabetes mellitus by streptozotocin and bred with normal male mice to produce offspring. Pregnant mice were treated with sapropterin or vehicle during gestation. CHDs were identified by histological analysis. Cell proliferation, eNOS dimerization, and reactive oxygen species production were assessed in the fetal heart. Pregestational diabetes mellitus results in a spectrum of CHDs in their offspring. Oral treatment with sapropterin in the diabetic dams significantly decreased the incidence of CHDs from 59% to 27%, and major abnormalities, such as atrioventricular septal defect and double-outlet right ventricle, were absent in the sapropterin-treated group. Lineage tracing reveals that pregestational diabetes mellitus results in decreased commitment of second heart field progenitors to the outflow tract, endocardial cushions, and ventricular myocardium of the fetal heart. Notably, decreased cell proliferation and cardiac transcription factor expression induced by maternal diabetes mellitus were normalized with sapropterin treatment. Furthermore, sapropterin administration in the diabetic dams increased eNOS dimerization and lowered reactive oxygen species levels in the fetal heart. Conclusions—Sapropterin treatment in the diabetic mothers improves eNOS coupling, increases cell proliferation, and prevents the development of CHDs in the offspring. Thus, sapropterin may have therapeutic potential in preventing CHDs in pregestational diabetes mellitus.
Dysglycemia-based chronic disease: An American association of clinical endocrinologists position statement; The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE) has created a dysglycemia-based chronic disease (DBCD) multimorbidity care model consisting of four distinct stages along the insulin resistance-prediabetes-type 2 diabetes (T2D) spectrum that are actionable in a preventive care paradigm to reduce the potential impact of T2D, cardiometabolic risk, and cardiovascular events. The controversy of whether there is value, cost-effectiveness, or clinical benefit of diagnosing and/or managing the prediabetes state is resolved by regarding the problem, not in isolation, but as an intermediate stage in the continuum of a progressive chronic disease with opportunities for multiple concurrent prevention strategies. In this context, stage 1 represents “insulin resistance,” stage 2 “prediabetes,” stage 3 “type 2 diabetes,” and stage 4 “vascular complications.” This model encourages earliest intervention focusing on structured lifestyle change. Further scientific research may eventually reclassify stage 2 DBCD prediabetes from a predisease to a true disease state. This position statement is consistent with a portfolio of AACE endocrine disease care models, including adiposity-based chronic disease, that prioritize patient-centered care, evidence-based medicine, complexity, multimorbid chronic disease, the current health care environment, and a societal mandate for a higher value attributed to good health. Ultimately, trans-formative changes in diagnostic coding and reimbursement structures for prediabetes and T2D can provide improvements in population-based endocrine health care.
Risk factors for pregnancy-associated venous thromboembolism: the role of maternal age, obesity, smoking and other modifiable risk factors; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism (VTE) and VTE affects 1 in 500 to 1 in 2000 pregnancies. Up to 30-50% of women with pregnancy-associated VTE may have an inherited thrombophilia but this does not completely explain the thrombosis risk. Clinical risk factors for VTE including multiple births, inflammatory bowel disease, sickle cell disease, diabetes, increased maternal age, stillbirth, and smoking have been identified in relatively small cohorts. We conducted this large case-control study to identify patient and pregnancy-associated risk factors for VTE during pregnancy or within 6 weeks post-partum. METHODS: The study population was drawn from the Vanderbilt University Medical Center biorepository (BioVU) that includes de-identified clinical data and DNA samples (from 2007 to 2017). We used a phenotyping algorithm using ICD9 and ICD10 diagnosis codes for pregnancy and venous thromboembolism, as well as procedure codes for pregnancy-related procedures to identify women with VTE during pregnancy or within 6 weeks following delivery (cases), and age matched pregnant women without any history of VTE (controls). Subsequently, manual review of all patients identified by the phenotyping algorithm was performed to confirm case status. Initially, 2 controls per case we identified; however 21 (of 272) cases were reclassified as controls on manual review. Data regarding demographic variables, body mass index (BMI), smoking and comorbidities potentially impacting VTE risk (diabetes, gestational diabetes, multiple pregnancy, eclampsia, preclampsia, HELLP syndrome) was extracted using diagnosis codes. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify associations with pregnancy-associated VTE. RESULTS: The study population comprised 816 individuals including 251 women with pregnancyassociated VTE and 565 controls; 52.3% were Caucasian, 40.3% were African American, and 7.4% comprised other races. Mean age at index pregnancy was 28.2 ± 7.4 years. A pre-pregnancy diagnosis of chronic hypertension affected 6.37%, diabetes mellitus affected 6.13%, and 2.82% reported smoking during or within 6 weeks of pregnancy (Table 1). Multiple gestation, preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and HELLP syndrome affected 3.06%, 10.54%, 4.66%, and 1.35% of pregnancies, respectively. Thrombophilia was diagnosed in 20 women with pregnancy-associated VTE (8 antiphospholipid syndrome [APS], 4 protein S deficiency, 1 protein C deficiency, 4 factor V Leiden [FVL] heterozygotes and 1 each with FVL with APS and FVL with protein C deficiency). However, thrombophilia evaluation was not performed consistently and thus was not included in the final multivariable analysis. In a multivariable logistic regression model (Figure 1), age at pregnancy (odds ratio [OR] 1.06 [95% CI 1.03-1.08], P<0.001), smoking (OR 2.94 [95% CI 1.18-7.31], P=0.020), chronic hypertension (OR 4.55 [95% CI 2.32-8.95], P<0.001), BMI (OR 1.93 [95% CI 1.27-2.94], P = 0.002 for BMI 25-30 kg/m2; OR 2.50 [95% CI 1.67-3.75], P<0.001 for BMI >35 with a BMI of 18.5-25 as the reference category), and African American race (OR 2.21 [95% CI 1.55-3.16], P<0.001) were associated with pregnancy-associated VTE. Preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 1.05 [0.60-1.84], P=0.856), multiple gestation (OR 1.74 [95% CI 0.73-4.14], P=0.211), HELLP (OR 0.30 [95% CI 0.06-1.66], P=0.169), gestational diabetes (OR 1.02 [95% CI 0.47-2.18], P=0.968), and delivery by cesarean section (OR 1.32 [95% CI 0.95-1.84], P=0.099) were not significant risk factors for pregnancy-associated VTE. CONCLUSION: This large case-control study demonstrates that modifiable factors such as maternal obesity, smoking and chronic hypertension are important risk factors for pregnancyassociated VTE along with increasing maternal age and African American race. Addressing modifiable risk factors prior to conception may reduce the risk of pregnancy-associated VTE. (Table Presented) .
Parental disease and over-transmission of genetic risk for diabetes are related to congenital heart disease in offspring; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect affecting nearly 1% of all newborns. Maternal diabetes and elevated blood glucose during pregnancy are associated with risk for CHD in offspring; however, the contribution or relationship to other maternal conditions such as cancer, lung, and neurological diseases, in addition to any paternal contribution to CHD risk in offspring are largely unexplored. Methods: Discovery cohort: Among the 500,000 participants of the UK-biobank there are 2006 adults with CHD. The relationship of parental conditions and CHD risk was assessed by a self-reported parental history of diseases (including diabetes, heart disease (unspecified), chronic bronchitis, cancer, Parkinson and Alzheimer disease, and severe depression) uniformly ascertained by survey at the time of enrollment. The genetic correlation between these conditions and CHD risk was estimated by comparing the polygenic risk score (PRS) of each condition between CHD cases and normal controls. Validation cohort: In a separate study of 850 trios (2550 individuals) with array genotyping data from the Pediatric Cardiology Genomic Consortium (PCGC), the deviation in the transmission of the genetic risk from parent to child for each condition was tested using the transmission disequilibrium test based on the PRS (pTDT). Results: In the UK-biobank, CHD risk was associated with parental history of heart diseases [OR=1.31 (1.18-1.45), p=5x10-07in mothers; OR=1.20 (1.10-1.32), p=1x10-04 in fathers] and Alzheimer in mother [OR=1.26 (1.08-1.47), p=2.2x10-03]. Interestingly, a parental history for diabetes was not detected amongst individuals with CHD. Among the trios, we found a deviation in the transmission of PRS from parent to child for diabetes [mean(pTDT)=0.15 (0.05-0.25) p=4.6x10-03] and Alzheimer disease [mean(pTDT)=0.11 (0.06-0.16), p=0.02]. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that lifetime risk of heart and Alzheimer disease in the parents may be related to the risk of CHD in offspring. Additionally, risk alleles for diabetes and Alzheimer in the parents were observed to be over-transmitted from parent to child, suggesting that these novel inherited risk alleles for CHD may not be limited to a maternal or in utero metabolic effect.
Post-operative outcomes of infants of diabetic mothers undergoing neonatal heart surgery; Introduction: Gestational diabetes affects approximately 9% of pregnancies in the US. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at increased risk of postnatal complications including congenital heart disease, hypoglycemia, macrosomia, respiratory disorders, and perinatal mortality. IDM are also at risk of developing septal hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction. Neonates are known to be a high risk group of cardiac surgical patients. Given these risk factors, we investigated whether postoperative risks of neonatal cardiac surgery are increased in IDM. Hypothesis: We hypothesize that IDM will be at greater risk of post-operative complications following neonatal heart surgery as compared to infants of non-diabetic mothers (non-IDM). Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review from 2012 to 2018. Full term neonates undergoing cardiac bypass procedures were identified via surgical case logs. IDM were identified based on maternal history. Exclusion criteria included history of non-cardiac surgery prior to the cardiac surgery, and transfer to another institution post-operatively. Due to the overall low mortality, expired patients were also excluded from the final analysis. Length of stay (LOS), intubation days, post-operative complications in the IDM vs non-IDM groups were compared. Results: 163 neonatal cardiac surgical patients met inclusion criteria (29 IDM, 134 non-IDM). The groups were similar in single vs biventricular surgeries, and surgical weight. IDM had longer total and post-operative LOS (p=0.038 and 0.036, respectively) and longer intubation time which approached significance (p = 0.09). IDM also had increased risk of tube feeds at discharge (RR 1.82, p = 0.028). There was no statistically significant difference among other variables. Conclusion: IDM have longer LOS and increased risk of being discharged on tube feedings following neonatal heart surgery. Further investigation is needed to examine the factors contributing to these risks.
Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes affect child body composition but are not related with offspring left ventricle mass 6 years postpartum; Introduction: Increasing prevalence of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with offspring early weight gain and affects long-term cardiovascular risk. Fetal programming has been hypothesized to be the underlying mechanism. Hypothesis: We aimed to investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and GDM on child body composition and left ventricle mass (LVM) at 6 years of age. Methods: The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs, a subcohort from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. Mothers and children were recruited at a mean of 6.1 (+/-0.5) years postpartum aiming for balanced GDM occurrence. Assessment included child echocardiography, child and maternal anthropometrics, body composition by bioelectrical impedance and blood pressure. Results: Maternal lean body mass, body fat mass and body fat percentage were mirrored in offspring. Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI 30.5 +/-5.6 kg/m2) correlated with child body fat percentage (r=0.2 p=0.01) and was reflected in increased child BMI (mean Z-score 0.45 +/-0.93 kg/m2). LVM correlated with child and maternal anthropometrics, lean body mass, fat mass, child age, sex, and systolic blood pressure (Table 1). LVM, LVM index (g/m2.16) and LVM z-score were not associated with pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM exposure, or child body fat percentage. In a stepwise linear regression model LVM was independently predicted only by child lean body mass (R2=0.437). LVM index and lean body mass were higher (p<0.001; p=0.002), but body fat percentage lower (p<0.001), in boys compared with girls. Conclusion: Child LVM at six years of age is determined predominantly by child lean body mass, which is influenced by maternal lean body mass. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child adiposity, increasing future cardiovascular risk, but no association between LVM and child adiposity or evidence of fetal programming related to GDM was found in early childhood.
Risk factors associated with the development of common ventricle congenital heart disease; Introduction: Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common birth defect and leading cause of neonatal and infant death. CHD with single ventricle anatomy, such as double-inlet left ventricle, also known as common ventricle (CV), are the most complex with the highest mortality. In contrast to other forms of CHD, prenatal risk factors associated with CV have not been previously studied. Methods: We analyzed 200 CV cases and 11,063 nonmalformed controls in the National Birth Defects Prevention Study, a case-control, multicenter population-based study of birth defects among 32,200 cases from 9 United States. Mothers completed surveys by trained interviewers 6 weeks to 24 months after the estimated date of delivery (October 1997 to December 2011). Random forest analysis identified potential predictor variables for CV among >200 variables. These potential predictor variables were included in multivariable models to estimate effects. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals were estimated using logistic regression for CV among all cases, cases with isolated CV, and non-isolated cases, defined as CV with at least 1 additional major non-cardiac malformation. Results: Random forest analysis identified pre-pregnancy diabetes, any history of maternal insulin use, maternal total lipid intake, and paternal race as potential predictors of CV. Table 1 reports risk factors identified via logistic regression. Higher maternal fat intake was associated with reduced risk of CV. Conclusions: Maternal pre-pregnancy diabetes and history of insulin use were associated with increased risk of having an infant with CV while maternal lipid intake had an inverse association. These novel data provide multiple metabolic pathways for investigation to better identify the developmental etiologies of CHD and suggest that public health interventions targeting balanced metabolism in women of childbearing age could reduce CHD risk.
Exposure to gestational diabetes alters cardiac gene expression and metabolism in the rat offspring and induces cardiac dysfunction with age; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication of pregnancy. Children exposed to GDM are at an increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic diseases later in life, though the mechanisms responsible for this observation are unknown. Hypothesis: We hypothesize that fetal exposure to GDM induces cardiomyocyte mitochondrial dysfunction, and concomitant left ventricular (LV) dysfunction with age. Methods: GDM was induced in female rats with a high fat (45% kcal) and sucrose diet prior to mating, throughout pregnancy and lactation. Lean control females received a low fat (10% kcal) diet. Fetal rat ventricular cardiomyocytes (FRVC) were isolated from e20.5 offspring for metabolomic analysis, mitochondrial respiration and calcium transport. Serum metabolites and cardiac transcriptome profiles from 3-month old offspring were measured by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry and RNASeq, respectively. LV morphology and functionwas assessed throughout the life course of the offspring (e18 to 12-months of age) with transthoracic ultrasound. Results: Offspring exposed to GDM exhibited increased LV posterior wall thickness across their life course (fetal to 12-months of age; p<0.05) and impaired LV filling beginning at 6-months of age (p<0.05), independent of elevated blood pressure. Consistent with the development of diastolic dysfunction in vivo, alterations in calcium flux and sarcoplasmic reticulum-dependent calcium re-uptake (1.5-fold and 1.6-fold greater, respectively) were observed in FRVC isolated from GDM offspring (p<0.05). RNASeq analysis revealed that offspring exposed to GDM exhibit altered expression of calcium handling genes (e.g. ATP2B2 and ATP2A3) at 3-months of age. Basal and maximal mitochondrial oxygen consumption was reduced for glucose (35% & 68%) and fatty acid (49% & 52%) substrates in FRVC isolated from GDM offspring (p<0.05). Indicative of altered mitochondrial metabolism, metabolomic analysis revealed that beta-hydroxybutyrate levels are elevated (2.4-fold, p<0.05) and several citric acid cycle intermediates are reduced in the serum of 3-month old GDM offspring. Conclusions: GDM induced early-life mitochondrial dysfunction, altered contractility and calcium transporter gene expression in the hearts of the rat offspring, in concert with LV hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction. Our findings identify several mechanisms that link early-life GDM exposure to the development of cardiovascular disease later in life.
Pregnancy-related events associated with subclinical cardiovascular disease burden in late midlife: Swan; Background and Aim: Reproductive factors (e.g., age at menarche, age at first birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes) have been associated with later life cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women, but studies have focused largely on premenopausal women. The purpose of this analysis was to examine the relationship of reproductive factors with a composite index of subclinical CVD burden in late midlife women. Methods: We included 964 parous women from the Study of Women's Health Across the Nation (SWAN) who completed a reproductive history questionnaire at the 13th SWAN visit (2011-2012), and a carotid ultrasound assessment and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity (baPWV) at visit 12 or 13. The primary outcome was a composite subclinical CVD index created using measures of carotid intima-media thickness, plaque, and baPWV. Associations were tested in multinomial logistic regression models adjusting for socio-demographics (i.e., age, race/ethnicity, study site, education, financial strain) and CVD risk factors. Linear regression was performed to examine associations with constituent measures of the composite index. Results: Women were on average age 60 years and 94% were postmenopausal. There were 462 (48%) women with a low subclinical CVD index (<75th percentile for all three subclinical measures), 330 (34%) with a medium subclinical CVD index (≥75th percentile for one measure), and 172 (18%) with a high subclinical CVD index (>75th percentile for two to three measures). Reported history of gestational hypertension/preeclampsia was associated with a high subclinical CVD index (OR [95% CI]: 2.08 [1.12, 3.86]). Earlier age at first birth was associated with a high subclinical CVD index, but not when accounting for CVD risk factors. Reported history of gestational diabetes was not related to our composite index, but was associated with greater baPWV. Age at menarche was not significantly associated with the subclinical CVD index. Conclusions: Findings suggest that pregnancy history is an important marker of subclinical CVD in late midlife. Future studies are necessary to evaluate racial/ethnic differences in the observed associations and to assess the benefit of a composite subclinical CVD index for earlier CVD risk modification in midlife women.
Timing of exposure and Bisphenol-A: Implications for diabetes development; Bisphenol-A (BPA) is one of the most widespread endocrine disrupting chemicals (EDCs). It is used as the base compound in the production of polycarbonate and other plastics present in many consumer products. It is also used as a building block in epoxy can coating and the thermal paper of cash register receipts. Humans are consistently exposed to BPA and, in consequence, this compound has been detected in the majority of individuals examined. Over the last decade, an enlarging body of evidence has provided a strong support for the role of BPA in the etiology of diabetes and other metabolic disorders. Timing of exposure to EDCs results crucial since it has important implications on the resulting adverse effects. It is now well established that the developing organisms are particularly sensitive to environmental influences. Exposure to EDCs during early life may result in permanent adverse consequences, which increases the risk of developing chronic diseases like diabetes in adult life. In addition to that, developmental abnormalities can be transmitted from one generation to the next, thus affecting future generations. More recently, it has been proposed that gestational environment may also program long-term susceptibility to metabolic disorders in the mother. In the present review, we will comment and discuss the contributing role of BPA in the etiology of diabetes. We will address the metabolic consequences of BPA exposure at different stages of life and comment on the final phenotype observed in different whole-animal models of study.
Reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in healthy Mexican pregnant women: A cross-sectional study; Background: The reference intervals for hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in pregnant Mexican women without diabetes are not well defined. The study aims to determine the reference intervals for HbA1c at each trimester in healthy Mexican pregnant women. Methods: This cross-sectional study included healthy Mexican pregnant women in trimester 1 (T1), 6-13.6 weeks of gestation (WG), trimester 2 (T2), 14-27 WG, and trimester 3 (T3), ≥27-36 WG, with a maternal age > 18 years, and pregestational body mass index (BMI) ranging between 18.5-24.9 kg/m2. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus, pregestational diabetes, anemia, a pregestational BMI < 18.5 or ≥ 25 kg/m2, and any hematologic, hepatic, immunological, renal, or cardiac disease were excluded. HbA1c was measured using high-performance liquid chromatography based on the National Glycohemoglobin Standardization Program-certified PDQ Primus guidelines. The HbA1c reference intervals were calculated in terms of the 2.5th to the 97.5th percentiles. Results: We analyzed the HbA1c values of 725 women (T1 n = 84, T2 n = 448, and T3 n = 193). The characteristics of the participants were expressed as mean ± standard deviation and included: maternal age (28.2 ± 6.7 years), pregestational weight (54.8 ± 5.9 Kg), pregestational BMI (22.2 ± 1.7 Kg/m2), and glucose values using a 75 g-2 h oral glucose tolerance test; fasting 4.5 ± 0.3 mmol/L (81.5 ± 5.5 mg/dL), 1 h 6.4 ± 1.5 mmol/L (115.3 ± 26.6 mg/dL), and 2 h 5.7 ± 1.1 mmol/L (103.5 ± 19.6 mg/dL). Reference intervals for HbA1c, expressed as median and 2.5th to 97.5th percentile for each trimester were: T1: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%), T2: 5.0 (4.4-5.5%), and T3: 5.1 (4.5-5.6%). Conclusions: The reference range of HbA1C in healthy Mexican pregnant women during pregnancy was 4.4% to 5.6%. We suggest as upper limits of HbA1c value ≤5.6%, 5.5%, and 5.7% for T1, T2, and T3, respectively among Mexican pregnant women.
Intrapartum fetal heart rate: A possible predictor of neonatal acidemia and APGAR score; Background: Predicting perinatal outcomes based on patterns of fetal heart rate (FHR) remains a challenge. The aim of this study was to evaluate intrapartum FHR variability as predictor for neonatal acidemia and APGAR score. Methods: This was a retrospective observational study of 552 childbirths. Multivariable linear regression models were used to assess the association between FHR variability and each of the following outcomes: Arterial cord blood pH and base deficit, Apgar 1, and 5 scores. Variables used for adjustment were maternal age, comorbidities (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, maternal fever, and hypertension), parity, gravidity, uterine contractions, and newborn gestational age, and weight at birth. Results: The following factors were associated with an increased risk of metabolic acidosis and low Apgar scores at birth: Increased mean and coefficient of variation (CV) of the FHR, type of delivery and decreased parity. Each 10-beat/min increase in the FHR was associated with an increase of 0.43 mEq/L in the base deficit, and a decrease of 0.01 in the pH, 0.2 in the Apgar 1, and 0.14 in the Apgar 5 scores. Each 10% increase in the CV of the FHR was associated with an increase of 4.05 mEq/L in the base deficit and a decrease of 0.13 in the pH, 1.31 in the Apgar 1, and 0.86 in the Apgar 5 scores. Conclusion: These data suggest the intrapartum FHR variability is physiologically relevant and can be used for predicting the acidemia and Apgar scores at birth of the newborn infants without severe cases of morbidity and from uncomplicated pregnancies.
Expanding the clinical spectrum of sotos syndrome in a patient with the new “c.[5867T>A]+[=]”; “p.[Leu1956Gln]+[=]” NSD1 missense mutation and complex skin hamartoma; Sotos syndrome is one of the most common overgrowth diseases and it predisposes patients to cancer, generally in childhood. The prevalence of this genetic disorder is 1:10,000–1:50,000, and it is characterized by wide allelic heterogeneity, with more than 100 different known mutations in the nuclear receptor-binding SET domain containing protein 1 (NSD1) gene. Most of these alterations are deletions and common micro-deletions with haploinsufficiency. Singular variants are missense mutations. The present study reports a case of a 4-year-old boy with specific clinical features of Sotos syndrome and a particular complex skin hamartoma on the right femoral side, in addition to other minor findings, such as a “café-au-lait” spot on the right hemithorax and syndactyly of the second and third right toes. NSD1 gene analysis identified a de novo missense mutation, “c.[5867T>A]+[=]”; “p.[Leu1956Gln]+[=]”, that was not previously described in the literature. This mutation was localized to the functional domain of the gene and was likely the cause of Sotos syndrome in our patient. We also compared aspects of our patient’s condition with the clinical features of tuberous sclerosis (TSC), which is an autosomal neurocutaneous syndrome caused by mutations in the TSC1/TSC2 genes. These genes control cell growth and cell survival. This disorder is characterized by hamartomas in multiple organ systems, several coetaneous abnormalities, epilepsy, and increased risk of several types of tumors.
Mermaid Syndrome: A Case Report of a Rare Congenital Anomaly in Full-Term Neonate with Thumb Deformity; The mermaid syndrome (sirenomelia) is an extremely rare anomaly, an incidence of 1 in 100,000 births, in which a newborn born with legs joined together featuring a mermaid-like appearance (head and trunk like humans and tail like fish), and in most cases die shortly after birth. Gastrointestinal and urogenital anomalies and single umbilical artery are clinical outcome of this syndrome. There are two important hypotheses for pathogenesis of mermaid syndrome: vitelline artery steal hypothesis and defective blastogenesis hypothesis. The cause of the mermaid syndrome is unknown, but there are some possible factors such as age younger than 20 years and older than 40 years in mother and exposure of fetus to teratogenics. Here, we introduced 19-year-old mother's first neonate with mermaid syndrome. The mother had gestational diabetes mellitus and neonate was born with single lower limb, ambiguous genitalia, and thumb anomalies, and 4 days after birth, the neonate died due to multiple anomalies and imperforated anus.
Rising plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and hypoadiponectinemia characterize the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Accordingly, the postpartum years after gestational dysglycemia can provide insight into early events in the natural history of these disorders. We thus sought to prospectively evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance and emerging cardiometabolic biomarkers [adiponectin, chemerin, retinol-binding protein-4 (RBP-4), C-reactive protein (CRP), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1)] at both 1- and 3-years postpartum in a cohort reflecting the full spectrum of gestational dysglycemia (from normal to GIGT to GDM). Methods: Three-hundred-and-thirty-nine women completed a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, which identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); GIGT (n = 59); abnormal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 99); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 76). At 1- and 3-years postpartum, the women underwent repeat OGTT with measurement of biomarkers (adiponectin/chemerin/RBP-4/CRP/PAI-1). Results: Serum adiponectin was lower in women with GDM and GIGT at both 1-year and 3-years (both P ≤ 0.002), whereas chemerin, RBP-4, CRP and PAI-1 showed no differences across the 4 groups. Importantly, the change in PAI-1 between 1- and 3-years progressively increased from the normal GCT group to the abnormal GCT group to GIGT to GDM (P = 0.03). Indeed, both GDM (t = 2.98, P = 0.003) and GIGT (t = 2.14, P = 0.03) independently predicted an increase in PAI-1 from 1- to 3-years postpartum. Conclusions: Hypoadiponectinemia and rising PAI-1 over time are early features of the cardiometabolic biomarker profile of women with recent gestational dysglycemia.
AMP-activated protein (AMPK) in pathophysiology of pregnancy complications; Although the global maternal mortality ratio has been consistently reduced over time, in 2015, there were still 303,000 maternal deaths throughout the world, of which 99% occurred in developing countries. Understanding pathophysiology of pregnancy complications contributes to the proper prenatal care for the reduction of prenatal, perinatal and neonatal mortality and morbidity ratio. In this review, we focus on AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) as a regulator of pregnancy complications. AMPK is a serine/threonine kinase that is conserved within eukaryotes. It regulates the cellular and whole-body energy homeostasis under stress condition. The functions of AMPK are diverse, and the dysregulation of AMPK is known to correlate with many disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, inflammatory disease, and cancer. During pregnancy, AMPK is necessary for the proper placental differentiation, nutrient transportation, maternal and fetal energy homeostasis, and protection of the fetal membrane. Activators of AMPK such as 5-Aminoimidazole-4-carboxamide ribonucleotide (AICAR), resveratrol, and metformin restores pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and preterm birth preclinically. We also discuss on the relationship between catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT), an enzyme that metabolizes catechol, and AMPK during pregnancy. It is known that metformin cannot activate AMPK in COMT deficient mice, and that 2-methoxyestradiol (2-ME), a metabolite of COMT, recovers the AMPK activity, suggesting that COMT is a regulator of AMPK. These reports suggest the therapeutic use of AMPK activators for various pregnancy complications, however, careful analysis is required for the safe use of AMPK activators since AMPK activation could cause fetal malformation.
Contribution of hypertension to severe maternal morbidity; Background: Maternal mortality and severe maternal morbidity are growing public health concerns in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Severe Maternal Morbidity measure provides insight into processes underlying maternal mortality and may highlight modifiable risk factors for adverse maternal health outcomes. Objective: The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the association between hypertensive disorders and severe maternal morbidity at a regional perinatal referral center. We hypothesized that women with preeclampsia with severe features would have a higher rate of severe maternal morbidity compared to normotensive women. We also assessed the proportion of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses that were present on admission, in contrast to those arising during the delivery hospitalization. Study Design: In this retrospective cross-sectional analysis, we assessed rates of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses (eg, renal insufficiency, shock, and sepsis) and procedures (eg, transfusion and hysterectomy) for all 7025 women who delivered at the University of Washington Medical Center from Oct. 1, 2013, through May 31, 2017. Severe maternal morbidity was determined from prespecified International Classification of Diseases diagnosis and procedure codes; all diagnoses were confirmed by chart review. Present-on-admission rates were calculated for each diagnosis through hospital administrative data provided by the Vizient University Health System Consortium. Maternal demographic and clinical characteristics were compared for women with and without severe maternal morbidity. The χ2 and Fisher exact tests were used to determine statistical significance. Odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals were calculated for the associations between maternal demographic and clinical characteristics and severe maternal morbidity. Results: Of 7025 deliveries, 284 (4%) had severe maternal morbidity; 154 had transfusion only, 27 had other procedures, and 103 women had 149 severe maternal morbidity diagnoses (26 women had multiple diagnoses). Severe preeclampsia occurred in 438 deliveries (6.2%). Notably, hypertension was associated with severe maternal morbidity in a dose-dependent fashion, with the strongest association observed for preeclampsia with severe features (odds ratio, 5.4; 95% confidence interval, 3.9–7.3). Severe maternal morbidity was also significantly associated with preeclampsia without severe features, chronic hypertension, preterm delivery, pregestational diabetes, and multiple gestation. Among women with severe maternal morbidity, over one third of preterm births were associated with maternal hypertension. American Indian/Alaskan Native women had significantly higher severe maternal morbidity rates compared to other racial/ethnic groups (11.7% vs 3.9% for Whites, P <.01). Overall, 39.6% of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses were present on admission. Conclusion: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy are strongly associated with severe maternal morbidity in a dose-dependent relationship, suggesting that strategies to address rising maternal morbidity rates should include early recognition and management of hypertension. Prevention strategies focused on hypertension might also impact medically indicated preterm deliveries. The finding of increased severe maternal morbidity among American Indian/Alaskan Native women, a disadvantaged population in Washington State, underscores the role that socioeconomic factors may play in adverse maternal health outcomes. As 39% of severe maternal morbidity diagnoses were present on admission, this measure should be risk-adjusted if used as a quality metric for comparison between hospitals.
A cautionary response to SMFM statement: pharmacological treatment of gestational diabetes; Use of oral agents to treat gestational diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Recent recommendations from the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine assert that metformin may be a safe first-line alternative to insulin for gestational diabetes mellitus treatment and preferable to glyburide. However, several issues should give pause to the widespread adoption of metformin use during pregnancy. Fetal concentrations of metformin are equal to maternal, and metformin can inhibit growth, suppress mitochondrial respiration, have epigenetic modifications on gene expression, mimic fetal nutrient restriction, and alter postnatal gluconeogenic responses. Because both the placenta and fetus express metformin transporters and exhibit high mitochondrial activity, these properties raise important questions about developmental programming of metabolic disease in offspring. Animal studies have demonstrated that prenatal metformin exposure results in adverse long-term outcomes on body weight and metabolism. Two recent clinical randomized controlled trials in women with gestational diabetes mellitus or polycystic ovary syndrome provide evidence that metformin exposure in utero may produce a metabolic phenotype that increases childhood weight or obesity. These developmental programming effects challenge the conclusion that metformin is equivalent to insulin. Although the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine statement endorsed metformin over glyburide if oral agents are used, there are few studies directly comparing the 2 agents and it is not clear that metformin alone is superior to glyburide. Moreover, it should be noted that prior clinical studies have dosed glyburide in a manner inconsistent with its pharmacokinetic properties, resulting in poor glycemic control and high rates of maternal hypoglycemia. We concur with the American Diabetes Association and American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, which recommend insulin as the preferred agent, but we believe that it is premature to embrace metformin as equivalent to insulin or superior to glyburide. Due to the uncertainty of the long-term metabolic risks of either metformin or glyburide, we call for carefully controlled studies that optimize oral medication dosing according to their pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic properties in pregnancy, appropriately target medications based on individual patterns of hyperglycemia, and follow the offspring long-term for metabolic risk.
Haemodynamic differences amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls; Aim: To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy pregnant controls. Methodology: A total of 120 pregnant women of mean (standard deviation) age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM (study), and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy. The mean difference between GDM and low-risk group for each of the arterial stiffness and cardiac output measurements was assessed by a two-sample unpaired t-test. Results: Significant differences were found between the study and control groups for brachial (−64.5 vs. −69.5, p < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 vs. 2.7, p = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 vs. 8.1, p = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 vs. 7.0, p = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 vs. 76.9, p = 0.013) and central mean arterial pressure (71 vs. 58, <0.001) were also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or total peripheral resistance. Conclusion: Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy controls. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation.
Neonatal Intracranial Pial Arteriovenous Fistula Treated with Endovascular Embolization: A Case Report; Background: Pial arteriovenous fistulas (PAVFs) are rare vascular malformations, especially in neonates. The purpose of this report is to discuss the treatment strategy and its associated challenges. We present a case of prenatal intracranial PAVF treated by endovascular embolization in the neonatal period. Case Description: The patient was born through Cesarean delivery and then treated twice using transarterial embolization with detachable platinum coils and n-butyl cyanoacrylate due to intractable heart failure. Even though angiography findings showed dramatical reduction in the shunt, the patient did not recover from heart failure and died at day 49 after birth. Conclusions: Despite current developments in medical technology and therapies, the effective treatment of critical PAVFs still poses a challenge. Therefore, more indications and effective alternative treatments must be discussed.
Maternal age and risk for adverse outcomes; Objective: The objective of this study was to characterize the risk for severe maternal morbidity and other pregnancy complications by maternal age during delivery hospitalizations. Study Design: This retrospective cohort analysis used the Perspective database to characterize the risk for adverse maternal outcomes from 2006 to 2015 based on maternal age. Women were divided into 7 categories based on maternal age: 15–17, 18–24, 25–29, 30–34, 35–39, 40–44, and 45–54 years of age. The primary outcome of this study was severe maternal morbidity as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Secondary outcomes included (1) overall comorbid risk; (2) risk for pregnancy complications such as postpartum hemorrhage, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and cesarean delivery; and (3) risk for individual severe morbidity diagnoses such as stroke, embolism, eclampsia, and hysterectomy. Adjusted models were fitted to assess factors associated with severe morbidity with adjusted risk ratios (aRRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) as measures of effect. Population weights were applied to create national estimates. Results: Of 36,944,292 deliveries included, 2.5% occurred among women aged 15–17 years (n = 921,236), 29.1% to women aged 18–24 years (n = 10,732,715), 28.6% to women aged 25–29 years (n = 10,564,850), 24.9% to women aged 30–34 years (n = 9,213,227), 12.1% to women aged 35–39 years (n = 4,479,236), 2.6% to women aged 40–44 years (n = 974,289), and 0.2% to women aged 45–54 years (n = 58,739). In unadjusted analyses, severe morbidity was more than 3 times higher (risk ratio [RR], 3.33, 95% confidence interval [CI], 3.03–3.66) for women 45-54 years compared with women 25–29 years. Women aged 40–44, 35–39, and 15–17 years were also at increased risk (RR, 1.83, 95% CI, 1.77–1.89; RR, 1.36, 95% CI, 1.33–1.39; RR, 1.39, 95% CI, 1.34–1.45, respectively). In the adjusted model, the 45–54 year old group was associated with the highest relative risk (aRR, 3.46, 95% CI, 3.15–3.80) followed by the 40–44 year old group (aRR 1.90, 95% CI, 1.84–1.97), the 35–39 year old group (aRR, 1.43, 95% CI, 1.40–1.47), and the 15–17 year old group (aRR, 1.20, 95% CI, 1.15–1.24). Cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, postpartum hemorrhage, and gestational diabetes were most common among women aged 45–54 years, as were thrombosis and hysterectomy. Conclusion: While differential risk was noted across maternal age categories, women aged 45 years old and older were at highest risk for a broad range of adverse outcomes during delivery hospitalizations.
Beyond fertility: polycystic ovary syndrome and long-term health; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a reproductive, endocrine, and metabolic disorder affecting millions of women worldwide. Women with PCOS are often identified in adolescence or early adulthood with symptoms of oligomenorrhea or hirsutism or when presenting for infertility care. The health risks associated out of PCOS, however, go far beyond management of these common presenting symptoms or fertility treatment and likely extend past the reproductive years through and beyond menopause. International surveys suggest that most patients are dissatisfied with long-term counseling related to medical and psychologic issues. We performed a review of comorbidities, including diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome, depression, anxiety, obstructive sleep apnea, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, endometrial cancer, and cardiovascular disease, in both reproductive-age and older women with PCOS. Most meta-analyses in reproductive-age women demonstrate increased risks independent from obesity. Longitudinal and cross-sectional studies including women with PCOS >40 years of age are limited in number and design, but many demonstrate that some of these comorbidities persist. All providers involved in the multidimensional care of women with PCOS should be aware of these long-term health risks to provide appropriate counseling, screening, and management options. We identify limitations that should be the focus of future studies designed to study health outcomes in postmenopausal women with PCOS.
Short stature - Clinical approach to diagnosis: A 2018 perspective; Concern for linear growth or short stature is unequivocally the most common pediatric endocrine problem. Growth in children is complex and predictable at same time. It is easy to detect any deviation from normal growth in children, but at the same time reaching an etiological diagnosis for same may be quite challenging and a daunting task. Nonetheless, reaching a diagnosis and institution of prompt treatment can be equally rewarding. Chronic systemic diseases are the most common cause for short stature in India, but endocrine diseases are being increasingly diagnosed. A systematic, but practical, approach is required to ascertain the cause of growth retardation in children.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and the risk of subsequent pediatric cardiovascular diseases of the offspring: a population-based cohort study with up to 18 years of follow up; Aims: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing worldwide. We aimed to study the effect of GDM on the risk for childhood cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Methods: A population-based cohort analysis was performed comparing total and different subtypes of cardiovascular related pediatric diagnoses among offspring of mothers with GDM vs. offspring of mothers with no diabetes. The analysis included all singletons born between the years 1991–2014. Cardiovascular related morbidities included hospitalizations involving a pre-defined set of ICD-9 codes. Mothers with pregestational diabetes, Infants with congenital malformations, multiple gestations, and perinatal deaths were excluded from the analysis. A Cox proportional hazards model was constructed to adjust for confounders. Results: The study population included 216197 newborns which met the inclusion criteria; among them 4.4% (9460) were born to mothers with GDM controlled by diet and exercise (GDM A1) and 0.3% (724) were born to mothers with GDM requiring oral treatment or insulin (GDM A2). A significant association was noted between GDM and the rate of cardiovascular related hospitalizations (0.97 for GDM A2 vs. 0.57 for GDM A1 vs. 0.33 for no GDM, respectively; p < 0.001). The association remained significant and independent for GDM A1 only while adjusting for relevant confounders [adjusted HR = 1.6 (1.2–2.2); p value 0.001]. Conclusions: A significant association is noted between the GDM and the rate of cardiovascular hospitalizations of the offspring. However, in our population GDM A1 is an independent risk factor for pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring.
Effect of exercise modality on markers of insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnancies complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus: a systematic review; Background/aim: Exercise can be used as a strategy to attenuate hyperglycaemia experienced during gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To maximize its use for clinical management, the most effective modality should be identified. The purpose of this review is to elucidate the most effective modality of exercise on insulin sensitivity and blood glucose control in pregnant women with or at risk of GDM. Methods: A search was undertaken in MEDLINE, PubMed, Scopus, CINAHL, the Cochrane Library, Embase and the Maternity & Infant Healthcare Database. Studies that met inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials and case-controlled studies, which compared exercise interventions with standard care during pregnancy in women with or at risk of GDM. Results: Two interventions using resistance training, eight using aerobic exercise and two using a combination of both modalities were included. The interventions showed consistently that requirements of insulin therapy, dosage, and latency to administration were improved in the exercise groups. Less consistent results were observed for capillary blood glucose measurements; however, both modalities and combination of modalities were effective at improving blood glucose control in already diagnosed patients and pregnant women with obesity. Discrepancies in the timing of intervention, GDM diagnostic criteria, and the different measures used to assess glucose metabolism make it difficult to draw clear recommendations. Conclusion: Exercising three times per week for 40–60 min at 65–75% age-predicted heart rate maximum using cycling, walking or circuit training as a modality improved glycaemic control in GDM patients and reduced incidence of GDM in pregnant women with obesity. Further studies looking specifically at the effects of different modalities of exercise on glucose metabolism with combined strategies to enhance insulin sensitivity should be explored to maximize benefits for GDM pregnancies. Consistency in design and delivery of exercise-only interventions is required to make recommendations on a suitable exercise prescription in this population. In practice, adherence to consensus in diagnostic cut-offs for GDM diagnosis is fundamental for standardizing future research.
Cross-sectional study of annual glycaemic control between 2003 and 2015 in primary care: Management of type 2 diabetic patients in the Nordic countries; Background and aims: The Nordic countries have nationwide public primary health care systems. Although guidelines argue for treatment intensification at uncontrolled HbA1c, there are country specific differences in T2D treatment guidelines and this might be reflected in differences in glycaemic control. The aim of this study was to describe the annual proportion of patients successfully below HbA1c target levels of 47.5 mmol/mol (DCCT 6.5%), 53 (7.0%) and 58.5 (7.5%) during 12- years using data from Denmark, Norway and Sweden. Materials and methods: Electronic medical record data were extracted from 60 primary care clinics in Denmark, Norway and Sweden comprising all patients having a diabetes diagnosis and/or prescription of any glucose lowering drug during 2003-2015. Patients with T1D and gestational diabetes were excluded. The study used a cross-sectional method analysing the HbA1c annually from 2003 to 2015. Results: In 2015, a total of 20,183 T2D patients were identified in Denmark (3909), Norway (3706) and Sweden (12,568). Mean age 66, 65 and 70 years; females 45, 45 and 42%; previous myocardial infarction 8, 8 and 10%; and chronic kidney disease 6, 10 and 7%, respectively. Use of newer GLDs (DPP-4i, GLP-1RA and SGLT-2i) was highest in Norway, followed by Denmark and lastly Sweden. In 2015, the proportion of T2D patients below HbA1c 47.5 mmol/mol was 42%, 29%and 27%in Denmark, Norway and SE respectively (Figure showing for target 53mmol/mol). Denmark also showed similar beneficial patterns for HbA1c targets below 53.0 and 58.5 mmol/mol compared with the other countries (Figure). Also, the proportion of patients with HbA1c above 70.0 mmol/mol was lower in Denmark, in 2015 9.9% vs 13.4% and 15.0% in Norway and Sweden respectively. From 2003 to 2015, we found that Norway and Sweden had an initial improvement of patients below targets over the first - while remaining unchanged over the next years, whereas Denmark has showed continuous improvement during the whole observation period. Conclusion: Despite similar demographics and health care systems in three Nordic countries, we have shown marked better glycaemic control in Denmark as compared to Norway and Sweden. This may indicate a more proactive disease management in the general practices included for this observational study, and also point out potential areas of improvement in the management of type 2 diabetes patients particularly in Norway and Sweden. (Figure Presented).
Glycaemic control, cardiovascular disease and mortality in type 2 diabetes patients in a real life setting over time: Population-based data from the Netherlands; Background and aims: According to the EURO Diabetes Index 2014, the quality of Dutch diabetes care is very good in terms of glycaemic control. The main criticism of the EURO Diabetes Index was the lack of data on short- and long-term outcomes. Dutch GP guidelines (revised in 2013) state that the goal of diabetes treatment is the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and microvascular complications. The aim of this study was to assess trends in HbA1c levels, risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and all-cause mortality (ACM) among T2D patients in the Netherlands. Materials and methods: A series of cohort studies were conducted among annual samples of adult T2D patients treated with glucoselowering drugs in both primary and secondary care (2008-2016), using records from the PHARMO Database Network. January 1st of each year served as index date and inclusion was restricted to patients without type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Most recent HbA1c levels were assessed in the year prior to index date. Annual incidence of CVD (acute myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, angina pectoris or congestive heart failure) and ACM was assessed. Rate ratios (RRs) were calculated by comparing age-standardised incidence rates with a diabetes-free population matched on age, sex and general practitioner. Life years lost (LYL) to T2D was determined by comparing the life expectancy of the T2D patients with the matched diabetes-free patients. Results: In total 53,602 T2D patients were included in annual cohorts (mean age range: 66-69 years; proportion male range: 51-55%). Mean HbA1c increased from 52 ± 11mmol/mol in 2008 (proportion <53mmol/ mol: 58%) to 54 ± 12 mmol/mol in 2016 (proportion <53 mmol/mol: 52%). In 2016, the RR (95% CI) was 1.68 (1.35-2.08) for CVD and 1.78 (1.44-2.21) for ACM (Figure). On average, RRs showed an 80% increased risk of CVD and 86% for ACM over all years. No trend was observed in the RRs for ACM and CVD. Overall, the LYL to T2D was approximately four years at the age of 50 years and decreased to approximately one year at the age of 80 years. At the (overall mean) age of 66 years this was approximately 2.5 years. Conclusion: HbA1c levels increased slightly over time, in line with the introduction of revised GP guidelines for individualised HbA1c targets in the Netherlands. No trend was observed for the increased risk of ACM and CVD among T2D patients from 2008-2016, despite the introduction of several changes in the guidelines on diabetes care. Overall, T2D patients at the age of 66 years are expected to have about 2.5 years shorter life expectancy than the general Dutch population. (Figure Presented).
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: A population-based cohort study; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage; women with GDM remained at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM(IRR 2.95; 95%CI 1.91-4.55). Further adjustment for the diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome, hypertension, hypothyroidism, and lipids lowering treatment did not change our findings (IRR 2.83; 95%CI 1.83-4.38). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM were at significantly increased risk of NAFLD development in their post-delivery life compared to women without GDM. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Future studies need to examine whether lifestyle or pharmacological interventions could reduce the risk of developing NAFLD in women with history of GDM.
Can a visit at the dentist's help prevent type 2 diabetes?; Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes should be diagnosed and optimally treated as early as possible, because it is the best evidence-based way to prevent long term vascular complications. Despite universally increasing knowledge of risk factors for diabetes development as well as better understanding of its pathogenesis, with growing public awareness of diabetes and its deadly consequences, still at least a third of cases remain undiagnosed globally. Importantly, the rate of diagnosed individuals with prediabetes is even lower, which decreases global chances for diabetes prevention. Therefore, identifying any means which would facilitate early diagnosis of glucose intolerance conditions is of utmost importance for current public health strategies worldwide. As diabetes is a well known risk factor for periodontal and dental disease, we assumed that a visit at the dentist's might be a valuable opportunity to assess one's glucose tolerance. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether visiting a dentist by a person at risk of developing diabetes may help diagnose glucose metabolism disturbances. Materials and methods: BetweenMarch and June 2017 we conducted a nationwide cross-sectional study with thirty individual dental surgeries involved. Each dentist, having received basic training in diabetes pathophysiology and diagnosis delivered by the authors of the study, was given 20 laboratory referral notes for free fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement to be handed over to 20 consecutive eligible individuals who gave their consent to take part in the study. The referred patients were asked to perform FPG test during the following 4 weeks. The study inclusion criteria were: age ≥ 18 yrs, any degree of any dental or periodontal disease, presence of at least one diabetes risk factor (i.e. BMI ≥25 kg/m2, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, past gestational diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, policystic ovary syndrome) and negative history of any persistent glucose metabolism disturbances. Results: Out of 600 referred patients, 469 (78.2%, 330 [70.4%] women, mean [±SD] age 53.7 ± 15.4 yrs) had FPG assessed. Mean FPG in all subjects was 5.4 ± 1.16 mmol/l [97.2 ± 20.9 mg/dl] (range 3.5-20.9 mmol/l [63-377 mg/dl]). In 140 subjects (29.9% of those tested and 23.3% of those referred) impaired fasting glucose (IFG; i.e. FPG ≥5.55 mmol/l [100 mg/dl] and <7.0 mmol/l [126 mg/dl]) was diagnosed. 19 subjects had FPG ≥7.0 mmol [126 mg/dl]. IFG subjects were significantly older than those with normal FPG: 60.1 ± 12.6 vs 50.9 ± 15.7 yrs (p < 0.001), and were more often men (40% vs 27%; p < 0.01). Odds ratio for IFG in subjects aged ≥60 vs those <60 yrs was 3.413 (95% CI 2.215-5.264). All individuals with any degree of glucose intolerance were referred to diabetes care outpatient centres for further assessment and treatment. Conclusion: Approximately every fourth patient at the dentist's with at least one diabetes risk factor presents with IFG. Dentists should be particularly aware of prediabetes risk in their male patients aged ≥60 yrs. This population may consitute an important group to whom diabetes prevention programmes should be addressed. In general, increasing awareness of glucose metabolism disturbances among the dentists may help diagnose prediabetes and thus lead to more effective diabetes prevention.
Transgelin induces dysfunction of fetal endothelial colony-forming cells from gestational diabetic pregnancies; Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predisposes children to future health complications including hypertension and cardiovascular disease. A key mechanism by which these complications occur is through the functional impairment of vascular progenitor cells, including endothelial colony-forming cells (ECFCs). Previously, we showed that fetal ECFCs exposed to GDM have decreased vasculogenic potential and altered gene expression. In this study, we evaluate whether transgelin (TAGLN), which is increased in GDM-exposed ECFCs, contributes to vasculogenic dysfunction. TAGLN is an actin-binding protein involved in the regulation of cytoskeletal rearrangement. We hypothesized that increased TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed fetal ECFCs decreases network formation by impairing cytoskeletal rearrangement resulting in reduced cell migration. To determine if TA-GLN is required and/or sufficient to impair ECFC network formation, TAGLN was reduced and overexpressed in ECFCs from GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies, respectively. Decreasing TAGLN expression in GDM-exposed ECFCs improved network formation and stability as well as increased migration. In contrast, overexpressing TAGLN in ECFCs from uncomplicated pregnancies decreased network formation, network stability, migration, and alignment to laminar flow. Overall, these data suggest that increased TAGLN likely contributes to the vasculogenic dysfunction observed in GDM-exposed ECFCs, as it impairs ECFC migration, cell alignment, and network formation. Identifying the molecular mechanisms underlying fetal ECFC dysfunction following GDM exposure is key to ascertain mechanistically the basis for cardiovascular disease predisposition later in life.
2018 Annual Meeting of the International Genetic Epidemiology Society; The proceedings contain 151 papers. The topics discussed include: making the most of exome sequencing data from family trios with probands affected by very rare birth defects; the genotype by environment interaction (G×E) in inbred lines and hybrids of maize; addressing the missing data issue in multi-phenotype genome-wide association studies; genetic architecture of gene expression traits across diverse populations; genetics of the measure of physiological dysregulation: findings from the health and retirement study; efficient fine-mapping to identify causal genetic variants and quantify their contribution to complex phenotypes; maternal and fetal genetic effects on birth weight and their relevance to cardio-metabolic disease; persistent organochlorine pollutants: genetic variations associated with p,p'-DDE and PCB153 blood levels among women in france; bivariate genome-wide association study reveals new variants associated with eosinophil cationic protein and eosinophil-derived neurotoxin levels; should cases with a clinical diagnosis of giant cell arteritis be included in genetic association studies? analysis of the UK giant cell arteritis consortium cohort; phenome-wide investigation of Alzheimer's disease-related phenotypes; prediction of treatment response from genome-wide SNP data in rheumatoid arthritis patients; trans-ethnic meta-analysis of gestational diabetes reveals shared genetic background with type 2 diabetes; and evaluation of a targeted custom capture bisulfite sequencing approach.
Trans-ethnic meta-analysis of gestational diabetes reveals shared genetic background with type 2 diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance first recognized in pregnancy, has important implications for both mother and child. Offspring of mothers with GDM have an increased risk of birth complications associated with increased birth weight and adiposity, as well as for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease in later life. Furthermore, in a 5-10 years perspective, it is estimated that around 50% of the women diagnosed with GDM will develop T2D. To date, the only genome-wide association study (GWAS) for GDM, in 1,399 affected Korean women, revealed associations at two loci: MNTR1B and CDKAL1. We conducted trans-ethnic meta-analysis of 21 GWAS in 5,374 cases and 346,506 controls of diverse ancestry (62% European, 16.5% East Asian, 3.2% Mexican-American and 18.3% Afro-Caribbean), each imputed up to reference panels from the 1000 Genomes Project or Haplotype Reference Consortium. The trans-ethnic metaanalysis, performed with MR-MEGA to allow for heterogeneity in allelic effects between ancestries, included 13,980,490 variants, after excluding those with minor allele count <5 and imputation quality < 0.4 in each GWAS. We replicated both known GDM associations at genome-wide significance (P<5× 10-8): MTNR1B (rs10830963, P=2.3× 10-49) and CDKAL1 (rs9348441, P=9.7×10-15). We also identified three additional independent loci: TCF7L2 (rs7903146, P=1× 10-14) and CDKN2A/B (rs10811660, P=1.9× 10-9) and LOC105369513 (rs143421658, P=4.1× 10-8). Four of these loci (MTNR1B, CDKAL1, TCF7L2, and CDKN2A/B) have been robustly associated with type 2 diabetes, and lead variants are identical to those we have identified for GDM, supporting a shared underlying genetic architecture for both diseases.
Perinatal outcomes among women with congenital heart disease; OBJECTIVE: To compare perinatal outcomes between women with and without congenital heart disease (CHD). Due to advances in cardiac care, the number of adults with CHD is growing. Pregnant women with CHD face a unique set of challenges. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective cohort study comparing perinatal outcomes between women with and without CHD delivered at a single tertiary care center. We examined and compared maternal characteristics and perinatal outcomes. RESULTS: Forty-seven women with CHD and 146 without CHD were enrolled. The women had similar baseline demographics. The rate of preterm birth (PTB) was significantly higher in women with CHD (25.5% vs. 6.8%, respectively, RR 3.7, 95% CI 1.7–8.1). The route of delivery and rates of adverse obstetrical outcomes were similar. Women with CHD were more likely to undergo labor induction as compared to women without CHD (44.7% vs. 27.4%, respectively, RR 2.02, 95% CI 1.4–2.9). In the women with CHD, 57% of induc-tions were indicated for maternal cardiac decompensation. Women with CHD had an increased rate of CHD in their offspring (6.4% vs. 0.7%, p=0.04). CONCLUSION: Maternal CHD is associated with an increased risk of PTB, induction of labor, and CHD in their offspring as compared to women without CHD.
Comparison of fetal heart rate parameters depending on gestational age in maternal complications; Objectives: This study was aimed to investigate and analyze the difference in fetal heart rate (FHR) indices depending on gestational age in normal and pathological pregnancies, especially with maternal complications. Method: Non-stress test (NST) data were obtained using a computerized FHR analysis system between 2003 and 2010, 236 cases with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 30 cases of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 102 cases of maternal anemia (MA) were selected. NST was performed between 28 and 42 weeks of gestation. Including normal group (472 cases), four groups were analyzed by gestational groups; 28-30, 31-32, 33-34, 35-36, 37-38, 39-40 and 41-42 weeks. Regression analysis and Chow test were performed to identify a difference in structural patterns. Neonatal outcomes and FHR parameters were analyzed. Results: Fetal movements (FM), amplitude (AMP) and number of accelerations (10bpm-10sec, Acc1010) were significantly lower in PIH group. The number of Acc had statistically significant changed in PIH and normal group. Mean baseline FHR decreased significantly during overall gestational age in PIH and normal group (P<0.05). Chow test result showed significant difference between regression curves of MA and normal group for AMP. The regression curves of PIH and MA group for Acc1010 also differed significantly with the normal group. The regression patterns and correlation coefficients differed among groups by gestational age. Conclusions: The difference between the estimated regression curves and the correlation coefficient suggested different degree of influence by gestational age in each group. Different pathological conditions might have influenced FHR maturation during the gestational period. The Change of FHR patterns during the gestational age also differed among groups with different maternal complications. The study suggests the necessity to consider both the gestational age and the maternal complications, when the FHR patterns are to be interpreted.
Causes of maternal internments in intensive care unit; Objectives: Identify and describe diseases and conditions relevant to a serious maternal outcome related to intensive care unit admission at a high risk maternity hospital in Great Victoria. Method: Descriptive observational study. Held at the Cassiano Antônio de Moraes University Hospital of the Federal University of Espirito Santo. The inclusion criterion was: Pregnant or laboring women who arrived at the service presenting pathological conditions or who developed during their stay in the medical care service and who were admitted to the Intensive Care Unit between 01/09/2014 and 31/12/2017. The protocol was submitted and approved by the Hospital Ethics Committee. All women consented in writing. For data tabulation, the patients' charts were used, Excel XLSL version 2013, SPSS version 19. Results: Of the 2,411 hospitalizations in the intensive care unit, 80 (3.32%) cases came from the gynecology and obstetrics department. Being 35 (43.75%) of obstetrics. The main outcomes that required hospitalization for intensive care were 11 (31.42%) heart disease, 6 (17.14%) sepsis / urinary focus infection, 6 (17.14%) help syndrome, 2 (5.71%) of postpartum haemorrhage / hypovolemic shock, 2 (5.71%) coagulopathy, 2 (5.71%) pulmonary thromboembolism, 2 (5.71%) involving placental abruption, 85%) of respiratory failure, 1 (2.85%) of total hysterotomy and 1 (2.85%) of decompensated gestational diabetes mellitus. Conclusions: There was no maternal death outcome in this period, even in conditions potentially life threatening and requiring hospitalization in an intensive care unit. Educational actions and improvement in integrated maternal health care, with special attention to the prevention and management of serious complications related to pregnancy and childbirth, may impact on morbidity and mortality and on the reduction of maternal and severe outcomes, especially in relation to intensive care unit.
Risks and benefits of treatment of gestational hyperthyroidism: An update; Objectives: To evaluate the risks, benefits and how to follow up on pregnant women with hyperthyroidism, providing a better outcome to the maternal-fetal binomial. Method: A literature review was carried out in the Pubmed database, using the descriptors “pregnancy” AND “hyperthyreoidism” in the period 2015-2018. A total of 171 articles were selected and after exclusion criteria which was bibliographic revisions, were reached a total of 18 papers related to the theme. Results: Among the complications of pregnancy, hyperthyroidism is present in 0.4-1.0% of pregnancies, being caused mainly by Graves' Disease and Transitory Thyrotoxicosis of Pregnancy. Studies reveal that the disease is related to a high risk of pre-cardiac arrhythmias, gestational diabetes mellitus and hepatic necrosis. For the fetus, there is evidence of intrauterine growth restriction, stillbirth, abortion, and congenital anomalies such as urinary and cervicofacial malformations. Currently, antithyroid drugs are recommended, although they are also related to complications. Conclusions: Early diagnosis and follow-up during prenatal care with the correct medication treatment of pregnant women with hyperthyroidism have a positive effect on the gestational outcome, bringing benefits to the maternal-fetal binomial.
Effects of structured exercise on HbA1c level in gestational diabetes mellitus-- a pilot study; Objectives: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in Singapore is on the rise, according to a local cohort (GUSTO) study. Most of the current literature of Type 2 diabetes mellitus demonstrate that lifestyle interventions such as exercise sufficiently control hyperglycemia. Exercise improves the uptake of glucose in working muscles. This small-scale, preliminary study aims to compare the effects of structured exercise with conventional management of GDM on HbA1c levels in women with GDM. Method: Ten women with newly diagnosed GDM in KKH were randomised to exercise group (n=5) or non-exercise group (n=5). Participants in the exercise group received patient education on the role of exercise in glycaemic control and attended structured exercise group class once weekly for 8 weeks. All participants received conventional GDM management in KKH (including dietary advice and education on the use of bedside capillary blood sugar test). A pedometer was given to both groups to track their daily physical activity levels. Hba1c levels were measured at baseline and after 8 weeks of structured exercises. Results: HbA1c levels of the exercise (intervention) group (4.80% to 4.90%; p=0.72) did not increase significantly after 8 weeks. But HbA1c levels of the non-exercise group increase significantly from 5.10% to 5.38%; p=0.048. There is also a significant difference of HbA1c levels between the non-exercise group and exercise group after 8 weeks of exercise (5.38% vs 4.90%; p=0.04). BMI, average daily steps and average daily blood glucose for both before and after meal did not differ significantly between both groups. Conclusions: The preliminary result shows that when women with GDM undergo 8 weeks of structured exercises, they demonstrated better glycaemic control, hence no significant increase in Hba1c level after 8 weeks. Better control of GDM during pregnancy may result in lower maternal and fetal complications. Long-term benefits of improved GDM control may include decreased risk of cardiovascular disease, GDM in subsequent pregnancy, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and childhood obesity.
Ovarian adenocarcinoma associated with successful intrauterine pregnancy; Objectives: To report a clinical case of ovarian adenocarcinoma in a successful intrauterine pregnancy. Method: Review of medical records after discharge from the patient and collection of information after the patient's free and informed consent. Results: M.S.N., 41 years, G3 P1 A1), 36 weeks 5 days, gestational diabetes controlled with diet, uterine height 38 cm; uterine dynamics absent; fetal heart rate 144b pm; Vaginal touch: 4 cm, cephalic presentation. Umbilical hernia in the mother containing peritoneal fat and colon; Multilocalized cystic expansive formation with volume of 3337 cm3. Resolution of the gestation by c-section. The histopathological revealed adenocarcinoma on left ovary measuring 27.0×14.0×6.0 cm and weight 1.135 g presenting malignant neoplasia with extensive areas of necrosis without lymphatic and blood or perineural vascular invasion. Conclusions: The pathophysiological factors involved in carcinogenesis of ovarian tissue are: age, parity, breastfeeding, infertility factors, use of ovulation inducing drugs, ethnicity, administration of oral hormonal contraceptives, environmental factors, surgical factors and previous history of pathologies such as endometriosis. In order to investigate malignant epithelial ovarian neoplasia, the serum markers such as CA-125 and ultrasound (transvaginal and pelvic), are recommended for women with a family history of ovarian cancer.
A rct comparing the safety and efficacy of oral misoprostol vs IV oxytocin for Iol in term prom; Objectives: Optimal management of PROM at term is still evolving. Immediate induction is associated with decreased infectious maternal morbidity and neonatal ICU admission without increasing the LSCS rates.However, immediate induction of using IV oxytocin is associated with restriction of patient's ambulation. Oral misoprostol is inexpensive, easily available, stable at room temperature therefore, easy to store and administer.Hence, this study is being done to compare 50 μg of oral misoprostol with titrated IV oxytocin.The primary outcome is the duration between induction and delivery, vaginal delivery achieved within 24 hrs and the LSCS rate between the 2 groups. We also compared maternal and neonatal morbidity in both groups. Method: Material and methods: Pregnant women at 37 to 41 weeks of gestation with vertex presentation , with definite history of leaking per vagina or confirmed after per speculum examination and reassuring fetal heart rate with no antenatal complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, previous LSCS and chorioamnionitis were invited to participate in the trial and randomized after informed consent. All maternal and fetal outcome were collected. The sample size of 200 (100 in each group oral misoprostol and IV oxytocin group) was calculated to detect a mean difference of 2 hours in induction to delivery time between two groups. Results: The baseline characteristics were similar in both groups. The mean duration of time interval between induction to delivery was 12.1 hours in oral misoprostol and 11.3 hours in oxytocin group (P value 0.04, 95% Confidence Interval 0.8 [-1.6,3.2]). There was no difference in vaginal deliveries that occurred within 24 hours and caesarean sections in both groups. Total duration of oxytocin infusion was significantly less in the misoprostol group (5.4 hours verses 8.1 hours , p=0.006). Conclusions: Tachysystole was seen in 15.1% of women in the misoprostol group and 6.1% of women in the oxytocin group. There was no difference in the other maternal and neonatal complications. The induction to delivery interval was one hour shorter in the oxytocin group however, total duration of oxytocin infusion was significantly less in the misoprostol group. Tachysystole was more common in the misoprostol group despite withholding the drug when the woman had any contraction. Finding the optimal dose of misoprostol is an area for further research.
Son of diabetic mother: Cardiac alterations from the fetus to the newborn; Objectives: Evaluate the progression of the cardiac function and cardiomyopathy in children of well-controlled diabetic mothers, from fetal period until 28 days of life, through data obtained by doppler echocardiography. Method: 96 echocardiographic exams of 48 children were analyzed, one during the fetal period and the other at the neonatal period of infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus in good clinical control. The fetal and neonatal cardiac variables analyzed were: ventricle septum and posterior wall thickness by M mode, shortening fraction of the left ventricle (systolic function), diastolic function by the E/A relation of the mitral valve and by the TEI index of the left ventricle. Results: During the fetal period exams, the gestacional age was of 32+-3 weeks, the incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was of 35%, the shortening fraction was normal in all of the fetuses, diastolic disfunction was found in 39,5% of the cases and alteration of the TEI index of the left ventricle, in 64% of the fetuses. On neonatal period the mean age of children was of 18±10 days old, the incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was 6% (p<0.001), abnormal shortening fraction in 7% of the newborns, alteration of the left ventricle diastolic function in 47% and of the left ventricle TEI index in 57% of the newborns. Conclusions: Sons of well-controlled diabetic mothers during gestational period, even with the reduction of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy since intrauterine life, keep the abnormal cardiac function parameters.
New indications for induction of labour; The purpose of this presentation is to evaluate the evidence supporting new indications of labor induction. We consider as new indications those that are not were indications with criterion inclusion in the first articles on induction of labor published at the beginning of the last decade. In women with preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PROM), induction of labour reduces the incidence of chorioamnionitis, but the optimal gestational age for induction of labour is not established. Induction of labour with suspected macrosomia does not improve outcomes in the setting of suspected fetal macrosomia, but may increase caesarean deliveries. When twin Pregnancy at 37 weeks, the induction of labour is not appropriately powered to determine the benefits and harms of induction. Induction of labour for oligohydramnios at term is advocated by expert opinion to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality, but the only RCT available is not appropriately powered to test this potential benefit. Women with Intrahepatic cholestasis of Pregnancy (IHCP) suggests that induction of labour may reduce intrauterine fetal death compared with expectantly managed historic controls, but this finding should be confirmed by properly conducted prospective cohort studies and RCTs. One cohort study, one prospective cohort study and two case series concerning induction of labour for severe maternal cardiac disease. There is no demonstrated benefit or harm for induction of labour at 36 weeks of gestation for fetal gastroschisis, but the only available trial was underpowered to detect most outcomes.
Is FGF-23 an early indicator of atherosclerosis and cardiac dysfunction in patients with gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: Fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF-23) is a phosphorus-regulating hormone and plays a role in the pathogenesis of myocardial hypertrophy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of FGF-23 levels with echocardiographic parameters and insulin resistance (IR) in patients with gestational diabetes. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: Fifty-four pregnant patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (age, 31.12 ± 5.72 years) and 33 healthy pregnant women (age, 29.51 ± 4.92 years) were involved in the study. Fasting insulin, fasting plasma glucose (FPG), lipid profile, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), FGF23, echocardiographic parameters, and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated in the two groups. RESULTS: The two groups were not significantly different in age, sex, body mass index, lipid profile, or blood pressure. Insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), FGF-23 levels, CIMT, left ventricular (LV) mass, LV mass index and myocardial performance index (MPI) were significantly higher in the GDM group. HOMA-IR was positively correlated with FGF-23, and insulin was positively correlated with FGF-23. Additionally, FGF-23 was positively correlated with CIMT, LV mass index, and MPI. CONCLUSION: Our findings suggest that monitoring serum FGF-23 may be useful as a non-invasive indicator of subclinical atherosclerosis in patients with GDM.
Sodium acetate and androgen receptor blockade improve gestational androgen excess-induced deteriorated glucose homeostasis and antioxidant defenses in rats: Roles of adenosine deaminase and xanthine oxidase activities; Objectives: Nutritional challenges and androgen excess have been implicated in the development of gestational diabetes and poor fetal outcome, but the mechanisms are not well delineated. The effects of short chain fatty acid (SCFA) on glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome induced by gestational androgen excess is also not known. We tested the hypothesis that blockade of androgen receptor (AR) and suppression of late gestational androgen excess prevents glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome through suppression of adenosine deaminase (ADA)/xanthine oxidase (XO) pathway. Methods: Twenty-Four pregnant Wistar rats were treated (sc) with olive oil, testosterone propionate (0.5 mg/kg) singly or in combination with SCFA (sodium acetate; 200 mg/kg; po) or AR blocker (flutamide; 7.5 mg/kg; po) between gestational days 14 and 19. Results: The results showed that late gestational androgen excess led to glucose deregulation, poor fetal outcome, increased plasma and hepatic free fatty acid and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), liver function marker enzymes, malondialdehyde (MDA), uric acid (UA), ADA and XO activities. Conversely, gestational androgen excess resulted in reduced body weight gain, visceral adiposity, plasma and hepatic anti-Oxidant defenses (glutathione peroxidase, reduced glutathione/glutathione disulphide ratio, glucose-6-Phosphate dehydrogenase, adenosine and nitric oxide). However, all these effects were ameliorated by either sodium acetate or flutamide treatment. Conclusion: The study demonstrates that suppression of testosterone by SCFA or AR blockade protects against glucose deregulation and poor fetal outcome by improvement of anti-Oxidant defenses through suppression of ADA/XO pathway. Hence, utility of SCFA should be encouraged for prevention of glucose dysmetabolism and poor fetal outcome.
Spectrum of congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mothers: An experience in a tertiary care hospital; Introduction: Congenital anomalies occur more commonly in infants born to diabetic mothers of which cardiac defects predominates. Congenital heart disease (CHD) remains one of the major causes of mortality and morbidity in the pediatric population of both developed and developing countries. Objective: To find out the pattern of CHD in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). Methods: This observational study was done in Special Care Baby Unit (SCABU) in BIRDEM Hospital, Dhaka, Bangladesh between May 2017 to April 2018. A total of 503 IDMs were admitted in SCABU during this study period. Echocardiography was done in thirty of these neonates who were clinically suspected of having CHD. Results: Echocardiography result showed all 30 IDMs suffering from CHD. Atrial septal defect (ASD) was found in 4 patients and 4 patients suffered from ventricular septal defect (VSD). Four IDMs had both ASD and VSD. One patient suffered from VSD with pulmonary hypertension. Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) was present in 3 neonates and 2 babies suffered from PDA and ASD both. PDA with persistent foramen ovale was present in 2 neonates. Among the cyanotic heart diseases 2 neonates had transposition of great arteries (TGA) of whom one also had ASD. Two IDMs had Truncus arteriosus (TA) and one had TA with single ventricle. One neonate had only hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) while HCM with large PDA with both tricuspid and mitral regurgitation was found in another IDM. TGA with VSD, ASD and PDA was found in one patient. Another neonate suffered from hypoplastic left heart syndrome with large PDA. VSD with PDA with tricuspid regurgitation was found in 1 neonate. This study also showed that of the 30 mothers 18 had pre gestational diabetes and the rest developed diabetes during pregnancy. Conclusion: Among the 503 IDMs admitted in SCABU during the study period 30 (5.9%) had CHD making the percentage quite high. Therefore all IDMs should be screened for CHD by echocardiography.
Glycaemic control, cardiovascular disease and mortality in type 2 diabetes patients in a real life setting over time: population-based data from the Netherlands; Background and aims: According to the EURO Diabetes Index 2014, the quality of Dutch diabetes care is very good in terms of glycaemic control. The main criticism of the EURO Diabetes Index was the lack of data on short- and long-term outcomes. Dutch GP guidelines (revised in 2013) state that the goal of diabetes treatment is the prevention and treatment of cardiovascular and microvascular complications. The aim of this study was to assess trends in HbA1c levels, risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and all-cause mortality (ACM) among T2D patients in the Netherlands. Materials and methods: A series of cohort studies were conducted among annual samples of adult T2D patients treated with glucoselowering drugs in both primary and secondary care (2008-2016), using records from the PHARMO Database Network. January 1st of each year served as index date and inclusion was restricted to patients without type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Most recent HbA1c levels were assessed in the year prior to index date. Annual incidence of CVD (acute myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke, angina pectoris or congestive heart failure) and ACM was assessed. Rate ratios (RRs) were calculated by comparing age-standardised incidence rates with a diabetes-free population matched on age, sex and general practitioner. Life years lost (LYL) to T2D was determined by comparing the life expectancy of the T2D patients with the matched diabetes-free patients. Results: In total, 53,602 T2D patients were included in annual cohorts (mean age range: 66-69 years; proportion male range: 51-55%). Mean HbA1c increased from 52 ± 11mmol/mol in 2008 (proportion <53mmol/ mol: 58%) to 54 ± 12 mmol/mol in 2016 (proportion <53 mmol/mol: 52%). In 2016, the RR (95% CI) was 1.68 (1.35-2.08) for CVD and 1.78 (1.44-2.21) for ACM (Figure). On average, RRs showed an 80% increased risk of CVD and 86% for ACM over all years. No trend was observed in the RRs for ACM and CVD. Overall, the LYL to T2D was approximately four years at the age of 50 years and decreased to approximately one year at the age of 80 years. At the (overall mean) age of 66 years this was approximately 2.5 years. Conclusion: HbA1c levels increased slightly over time, in line with the introduction of revised GP guidelines for individualised HbA1c targets in the Netherlands. No trend was observed for the increased risk of ACM and CVD among T2D patients from 2008-2016, despite the introduction of several changes in the guidelines on diabetes care. Overall, T2D patients at the age of 66 years are expected to have about 2.5 years shorter life expectancy than the general Dutch population. (Figure Presented).
Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease: a population-based cohort study; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse perinatal outcomes, and increased risk of postnatal type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, whether GDM increases the risk of developing incident Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD) is unclear and has not been well examined in previous studies. This is important considering the significant health burden of NAFLD and the opportunity to interfere in high risk population in order to reduce the risk of developing end-stage liver disease. Materials and methods:We conducted a retrospective cohort study after extracting data from a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. The cohort consisted of 9,640 women with GDM diagnosis and 31,296 control women, matched for age, body mass index (BMI) and time of pregnancy. All study participants were free from NAFLD diagnosis at study entry. Results: Mean (standard deviation) age of the whole cohort was 32.62 (SD:5.34) years and BMI 28.62 (SD:6.10) kg/m2. There were 44 (0.46%) and 41 (0.13%) NAFLD incident diagnosis in the GDM and control population respectively over a median follow-up of 2.87 (IQR 1.16- 5.81) years. Unadjusted incidence rate ratio (IRR) for NAFLD development was 3.28 (95% CI 2.14-5.02). After adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, smoking, BMI and Metformin usage; women with GDM remained at increased risk of developing NAFLD compared to women without GDM(IRR 2.95; 95%CI 1.91-4.55). Further adjustment for the diagnosis of polycystic ovarian syndrome, hypertension, hypothyroidism, and lipids lowering treatment did not change our findings (IRR 2.83; 95%CI 1.83-4.38). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM were at significantly increased risk of NAFLD development in their post-delivery life compared to women without GDM. Clinicians should have a low threshold to investigate women with history of GDM for the presence of NAFLD. Future studies need to examine whether lifestyle or pharmacological interventions could reduce the risk of developing NAFLD in women with history of GDM.
Cross-sectional study of annual glycaemic control between 2003 and 2015 in primary care: management of type 2 diabetic patients in the Nordic countries; Background and aims: The Nordic countries have nationwide public primary health care systems. Although guidelines argue for treatment intensification at uncontrolled HbA1c, there are country specific differences in T2D treatment guidelines and this might be reflected in differences in glycaemic control. The aim of this study was to describe the annual proportion of patients successfully below HbA1c target levels of 47.5 mmol/mol (DCCT 6.5%), 53 (7.0%) and 58.5 (7.5%) during 12- years using data from Denmark, Norway and Sweden. Materials and methods: Electronic medical record data were extracted from 60 primary care clinics in Denmark, Norway and Sweden comprising all patients having a diabetes diagnosis and/or prescription of any glucose lowering drug during 2003-2015. Patients with T1D and gestational diabetes were excluded. The study used a cross-sectional method analysing the HbA1c annually from 2003 to 2015. Results: In 2015, a total of 20,183 T2D patients were identified in Denmark (3909), Norway (3706) and Sweden (12,568). Mean age 66, 65 and 70 years; females 45, 45 and 42%; previous myocardial infarction 8, 8 and 10%; and chronic kidney disease 6, 10 and 7%, respectively. Use of newer GLDs (DPP-4i, GLP-1RA and SGLT-2i) was highest in Norway, followed by Denmark and lastly Sweden. In 2015, the proportion of T2D patients below HbA1c 47.5 mmol/mol was 42%, 29%and 27%in Denmark, Norway and SE respectively (Figure showing for target 53mmol/mol). Denmark also showed similar beneficial patterns for HbA1c targets below 53.0 and 58.5 mmol/mol compared with the other countries (Figure). Also, the proportion of patients with HbA1c above 70.0 mmol/mol was lower in Denmark, in 2015 9.9% vs 13.4% and 15.0% in Norway and Sweden respectively. From 2003 to 2015, we found that Norway and Sweden had an initial improvement of patients below targets over the first - while remaining unchanged over the next years, whereas Denmark has showed continuous improvement during the whole observation period. Conclusion: Despite similar demographics and health care systems in three Nordic countries, we have shown marked better glycaemic control in Denmark as compared to Norway and Sweden. This may indicate a more proactive disease management in the general practices included for this observational study, and also point out potential areas of improvement in the management of type 2 diabetes patients particularly in Norway and Sweden.
Can a visit at the dentist's help prevent type 2 diabetes?; Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes should be diagnosed and optimally treated as early as possible, because it is the best evidence-based way to prevent long term vascular complications. Despite universally increasing knowledge of risk factors for diabetes development as well as better understanding of its pathogenesis, with growing public awareness of diabetes and its deadly consequences, still at least a third of cases remain undiagnosed globally. Importantly, the rate of diagnosed individuals with prediabetes is even lower, which decreases global chances for diabetes prevention. Therefore, identifying any means which would facilitate early diagnosis of glucose intolerance conditions is of utmost importance for current public health strategies worldwide. As diabetes is a well known risk factor for periodontal and dental disease, we assumed that a visit at the dentist's might be a valuable opportunity to assess one's glucose tolerance. The aim of the study was to evaluate whether visiting a dentist by a person at risk of developing diabetes may help diagnose glucose metabolism disturbances. Materials and methods: Between March and June 2017 we conducted a nationwide cross-sectional study with thirty individual dental surgeries involved. Each dentist, having received basic training in diabetes pathophysiology and diagnosis delivered by the authors of the study, was given 20 laboratory referral notes for free fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement to be handed over to 20 consecutive eligible individuals who gave their consent to take part in the study. The referred patients were asked to perform FPG test during the following 4 weeks. The study inclusion criteria were: age ≥ 18 yrs, any degree of any dental or periodontal disease, presence of at least one diabetes risk factor (i.e. BMI ≥25 kg/m2, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, past gestational diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, policystic ovary syndrome) and negative history of any persistent glucose metabolism disturbances. Results: Out of 600 referred patients, 469 (78.2%, 330 [70.4%] women, mean [±SD] age 53.7 ± 15.4 yrs) had FPG assessed. Mean FPG in all subjects was 5.4 ± 1.16 mmol/l [97.2 ± 20.9 mg/dl] (range 3.5-20.9 mmol/l [63-377 mg/dl]). In 140 subjects (29.9% of those tested and 23.3% of those referred) impaired fasting glucose (IFG; i.e. FPG ≥5.55 mmol/l [100 mg/dl] and <7.0 mmol/l [126 mg/dl]) was diagnosed. 19 subjects had FPG ≥7.0 mmol [126 mg/dl]. IFG subjects were significantly older than those with normal FPG: 60.1 ± 12.6 vs 50.9 ± 15.7 yrs (p < 0.001), and were more often men (40% vs 27%; p < 0.01). Odds ratio for IFG in subjects aged ≥60 vs those <60 yrs was 3.413 (95% CI 2.215-5.264). All individuals with any degree of glucose intolerance were referred to diabetes care outpatient centres for further assessment and treatment. Conclusion: Approximately every fourth patient at the dentist's with at least one diabetes risk factor presents with IFG. Dentists should be particularly aware of prediabetes risk in their male patients aged ≥60 yrs. This population may consitute an important group to whom diabetes prevention programmes should be addressed. In general, increasing awareness of glucose metabolism disturbances among the dentists may help diagnose prediabetes and thus lead to more effective diabetes prevention.
First evidence of maternally inherited mosaicism in TGFBR1 and subtle primary myocardial changes in Loeys-Dietz syndrome: A case report; Background: Loeys-Dietz syndrome (LDS) is a rare multisystemic disorder characterized by vascular and skeletal abnormalities, with considerable intra- and interfamilial variability. Case presentation: We report the case of an 8-year-old male with clinical features of two distinct genetic disorders, namely LDS, manifesting in the first months by progressive aortic root dilatation, arterial tortuosity, bifid uvula, and inguinal hernias and oculocutaneous albinism (OCA) manifesting by white hair and skin that does not tan, nystagmus, reduced iris pigment with iris translucency, and reduced retinal pigment). We identified previously reported, homozygous mutations of TYR, c.1A > G (p.Met1Val) and heterozygous, missense mutation of TGFBR1, c.1460G > A (p.Arg487Gln). Family history revealed that his mother underwent multiple surgical repairs for recurrent hemorrhage originating from the buccal artery. Molecular studies confirmed a maternally inherited low grade TGFBR1 mutation somatic mosaicism (18% in peripheral blood leukocytes, 18% in buccal cells and 10% in hair root cells). Maternal cardiac investigations revealed peculiar cardiovascular features: mild tortuosity at the aortic arch, dilatation of the proximal abdominal aorta, multiple deep left ventricular myocardial crypts, and dysplastic mitral valve. TGFBR2 germline mosaicism has been described in three fathers of children carrying TGFBR2 mutations but, to the best of our knowledge, no case of maternally inherited TGFBR1 mutation mosaicism has been reported so far. Conclusions: This case report suggests that individuals with somatic mosaicism might be at risk for mild and unusual forms of LDS but germline mosaicism can lead to full blown picture of the disease in offspring.
Gestational diabetes and maternal obesity are associated with epigenome-wide methylation changes in children; Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developingmetabolic disease, potentially mediated by epigenetic mechanisms. We recruited 608 GDM and626 control Offspring from the Danish National Birth Cohort, aged between 9 and 16 years. DNAmethylation profles were measured in peripheral blood of 93 GDM Offspring and 95 controls usingthe Illumina HumanMethylation450 BeadChip. Pyrosequencing was performed for validation/replication of putative GDM-associated, differentially methylated CpGs in additional 905 Offspring(462 GDM, 444 control Offspring). We identifed 76 differentially methylated CpGs in GDM Offspringcompared with controls in the discovery cohort (FDR, P < 0.05). Adjusting for Offspring BMI didnot aflect the association between methylation levels and GDM status for any of the 76 CpGs. Mostof these epigenetic changes were due to confounding by maternal prepregnancy BMI; however, 13methylation changes were independently associated with maternal GDM. Three prepregnancy BMI-associated CpGs (cg00992687 and cg09452568 of ESM1 and cg14328641 of MS4A3) were validatedin the replication cohort, while cg09109411 (PDE6A) was found to be associated with GDM status.The identifed methylation changes may reffect developmental programming of organ diseasemechanisms and/or may serve as disease biomarkers.
Sleep-Disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) in pregnancy can present as snoring and/or obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), and the prevalence is increasing due to the increase in maternal obesity. Pregnant women often present with fatigue and daytime sleepiness rather than the classic symptoms. Habitual snoring, older age, chronic hypertension, and high prepregnancy body mass index are reliable indicators of increased risk for SDB and should trigger further testing. The gold standard for diagnosis of OSA is an overnight laboratory polysomnography. Although there are no studies linking SDB to poor fetal outcomes, fetal well-being remains paramount throughout the course of pregnancy.
Family Planning and Pregnancy Management in Adults with Congenital Heart Disease; With advances in congenital heart disease management, there are an increasing number of women reaching reproductive age. Pregnancy results in a surge of hormones and increased demands on both the cardiovascular (CV) and respiratory systems. Depending on the heart defect and the treatments the mother has undergone, these hemodynamic changes can result in an increased risk of maternal CV events and an increased risk of fetal morbidity and mortality. Thus, it is important to have a comprehensive approach to adult congenital heart disease patients involving pre-pregnancy planning in addition to diligent peri- and post-partum care.
Right coronary artery arising within an aorta-to-left ventricle tunnel: surgical repair in a neonate; We herein describe the successful surgical repair of a very rare combination of an aorta-to-left ventricle tunnel with the right coronary artery arising from it. The neonate presented with signs of heart failure due to significant regurgitation of blood via the tunnel. The closure of the tunnel was feasible during neonatal period without patches.
Pheochromocytoma diagnosed during pregnancy: lessons learned from a series of ten patients; Background: Pheochromocytoma (PHEO) in pregnancy is a life-threatening condition. Its management is challenging with regards to the timing and type of surgery. Methods: A retrospective review of the management of ten patients diagnosed with pheochromocytoma during pregnancy was performed. Data were collected on the initial diagnostic workup, symptoms, treatment, and follow-up. Results: PHEO was diagnosed in ten patients who were between the 10th and the 29th weeks of pregnancy. Six patients had none to mild symptoms, while four had complications of paroxysmal hypertension. Imaging investigations consisted of MRI, CT scan and ultrasounds. All had urinary metanephrines, measured as part of their workup. Three patients had MEN 2A, one VHL syndrome, one suspected SDH mutation. All patients were treated either with α/β blockers or calcium channel blockers to stabilize their clinical conditions. Seven patients underwent a laparoscopic adrenalectomy before delivery. Three out of these seven patients had a bilateral PHEO and underwent a unilateral adrenalectomy of the larger tumor during pregnancy, followed by a planned cesarean section and a subsequent contralateral adrenalectomy within a few months after delivery. Three patients had emergency surgery for maternal or fetal complications, with C-section followed by concomitant or delayed adrenalectomy. All newborns from the group of planned surgery were healthy, while two out three newborns within the emergency surgery group died shortly after delivery secondary to cardiac and pulmonary complications. Conclusions: PHEO in pregnancy is a rare condition. Maternal and fetal prognosis improved over the last decades, but still lethal consequences may be present if misdiagnosed or mistreated. A thorough multidisciplinary team approach should be tailored on an individual basis to better manage the pathology. Unilateral adrenalectomy in a pregnant patient with bilateral PHEO may be an option to avoid the risk of adrenal insufficiency after bilateral adrenalectomy.
The effect of pre-eclampsia on retinal microvascular caliber at delivery and post-partum; Background: The retinal microcirculation provides a unique view of microvessel structure by means of non-invasive, retinal image analysis. The aim of the study was to compare the retinal vessel caliber at delivery and one-year post-partum between women who have had pre-eclampsia during pregnancy to a normotensive control group. Methods: Digital photos of the eye were taken at delivery and one-year post-partum. Retinal vessels were analysed and summarised as the corrected central retinal arteriolar equivalent and corrected central retinal venular equivalent. Results: The corrected central retinal arteriolar equivalent and corrected central retinal venular equivalent were significantly lower in the pre-eclamptic group compared to the control group both at delivery and one-year post-partum (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Retinal artery and venular caliber changes that occur during pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia persist for up to one-year post-partum. These changes may reflect a permanent, long-term microvascular dysfunction and may be useful as a biomarker of future vascular risk.
Fertility and pregnancy in cancer survivors; Cancer survivors are increasing as improvements in cancer diagnosis and treatment translate to improved outcomes. As cancer survivors in their reproductive years contemplate pregnancy, it is important to understand the impact of cancer and its treatment on fertility and pregnancy outcomes. Cancer treatments such as chemotherapy and radiotherapy can affect patients’ fertility, and strategies are available to help preserve the future fertility of survivors. The potential impact of previous cancer diagnoses and treatments on pregnancy and maternal and fetal outcomes needs to be assessed and discussed with survivors, with support from materno-fetal medicine specialists and high-risk antenatal services as needed.
Autophagy induction by trehalose: Molecular mechanisms and therapeutic impacts; The balance between synthesis and degradation is crucial to maintain cellular homeostasis and different mechanisms are known to keep this balance. In this review, we will provide a short overview on autophagy as an intracellular homeostatic degradative machinery. We will also describe the involvement of downregulation of autophagy in numerous diseases including neurodegenerative diseases, cancer, aging, metabolic disorders, and other infectious diseases. Therefore, modulation of autophagic processes can represent a promising way of intervention in different diseases including neurodegeneration and cancer. Trehalose, also known as mycose, is a natural disaccharide found extensively but not abundantly among several organisms. It is described that trehalose can work as an important autophagy modulator and can be proficiently used in the control several diseases in which autophagy plays an important role. On these bases, we describe here the role of trehalose as an innovative drug in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases and other illnesses opening a new scenario of intervention in conditions difficult to be treated.
Biomarkers of vascular injury and endothelial dysfunction after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Objective: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus and milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, it is unclear whether they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury/dysfunction, an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Methods: In total, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test and oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy, yielding four gestational glucose tolerance groups: gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational impaired glucose intolerance, abnormal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance on the oral glucose tolerance test and normal glucose challenge test with normal glucose tolerance. At 3 years postpartum, they underwent repeat oral glucose tolerance test (on which 69 women had pre-diabetes/diabetes) and measurement of the following serum markers of vascular injury/dysfunction: thrombomodulin, E-selectin, P-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-3 and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1. Results: At 3 years postpartum, mean adjusted vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 was the only vascular marker that differed across the previous gestational glucose tolerance groups. On multiple linear regression analysis, each strata of gestational dysglycaemia was an independent predictor of lower vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 at 3 years postpartum (gestational diabetes mellitus: p = 0.005; gestational impaired glucose intolerance: p = 0.003; abnormal glucose challenge test normal glucose tolerance: p = 0.0008), as was current pre-diabetes/diabetes (p = 0.01). Conclusion: Dysregulation of vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 may be an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy.
Right aortic arch with bilateral arterial duct and nonconfluent pulmonary arteries without associated cardiac defects: Prenatal diagnosis and successful postnatal treatment; We describe a rare case of right aortic arch with bilateral arterial duct and disconnected left pulmonary artery. Prenatal diagnosis allowed to plan delivery at the referral center and to maintain perfusion of the disconnected pulmonary artery through prostaglandin E1 infusion until surgical reconnection was performed. Early postnatal treatment avoided functional loss of the left lung that would have happened if malformation had not been identified before birth.
Pregnancy Outcomes After Exposure to Certolizumab Pegol: Updated Results From a Pharmacovigilance Safety Database; Objective: Anti–tumor necrosis factor (anti-TNF) medications are effective in controlling chronic inflammatory diseases, but information about their use and safety in pregnancy is limited. Consequently, anti-TNF agents are often discontinued early in gestation. Certolizumab pegol (CZP), a PEGylated, Fc-free anti-TNF agent approved for the treatment of rheumatic diseases and/or Crohn's disease, has minimal to no active placental transfer. This analysis was undertaken to evaluate pregnancy outcomes in women receiving CZP, especially those exposed during early pregnancy. Methods: Prospective and retrospective data on maternal CZP exposure were extracted from the UCB Pharma safety database through March 6, 2017. Analysis was limited to prospective reports to avoid potential bias associated with retrospective submissions. The numbers of live births, miscarriages, elective abortions, stillbirths, and major congenital malformations were ascertained. Results: Of 1,137 prospectively reported pregnancies with maternal exposure to CZP, 528 (including 10 twin pregnancies) had 538 known outcomes: 459 live births (85.3%), 47 miscarriages (8.7%), 27 elective abortions (5.0%), and 5 stillbirths (0.9%). There were 8 major congenital malformations (1.7%) among the 459 infants. First trimester exposure occurred in 367 (81.2%) of 452 pregnancies resulting in 459 live births. Exposure during all 3 trimesters occurred in 201 (44.5%) of 452 pregnancies. Conclusion: This analysis represents the largest cohort of pregnant women exposed to an anti-TNF agent for management of chronic inflammatory diseases. Analysis of pregnancy outcomes does not indicate a teratogenic effect of CZP, compared to the general population, nor an increased risk of fetal death. The data are reassuring for women of childbearing age considering treatment with CZP.
Diagnosis and follow-up of type 2 diabetes in women with PCOS: A role for OGTT?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is common in premenopausal women. The majority of women with PCOS have insulin resistance and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) is higher in women with PCOS compared to controls. In non-pregnant women with PCOS, glycemic status may be assessed by oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), fasting plasma glucose (FPG) or HbA1c. OGTT has been reckoned gold standard test for diagnosing T2D, but OGTT is rarely used for diagnostic purpose in other non-pregnant individuals at risk of T2D, apart from PCOS. OGTT has questionable reproducibility, and high sensitivity of the 2-h glucose value is at the expense of relatively low specificity, especially regarding impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Furthermore, lean women with PCOS are rarely diagnosed with T2D and only few percent of normal-weight women have prediabetes. Glycemic status is necessary at diagnosis and during follow-up of PCOS, especially in women with high risk of T2D (obesity, previous gestational diabetes (GDM)). We suggest that OGTT should be used in the same situations in PCOS as in other patient groups at risk of T2D. OGTT is indicated for diagnosing GDM; however, OGTT during pregnancy may not be indicated in lean women with PCOS without other risk factors for GDM.
RSSDI consensus on self-monitoring of blood glucose in types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus in India; Maintaining a good glycemic control is crucial in the management of diabetes mellitus (DM) as it is associated with the reduction in both macro and microvascular complications of the disease. Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG), which provides the day-to-day blood glucose levels, is a simple and practical tool for maintaining a good glycemic control. Although SMBG is widely practiced in other countries, its use in India is very limited. Even when used, it is not carried out is a structured manner. There seems to be a lack of education about the purpose of SMBG and the correct process and schedule to be followed. This highlights the unmet need for country-specific SMBG recommendations. In order to fulfil this need, a panel of expert endocrinologists/ diabetologists came together under the aegis of Research Society for the Study of Diabetes in India (RSSDI). They reviewed the current literature, combined the evidences with their clinical knowledge and expertise, and developed consensus recommendations for SMBG practice in India. This document provides a comprehensive review of the current literature on SMBG and presents the recommendations made by the expert panel.
The diagnostic challenges of peripartum cardiomyopathy vs. severe pre-eclampsia with heart failure; Cardiomyopathy in peripartum women may be misdiagnosed as normal manifestations of pregnancy. Anaesthetic management for these high-risk pregnancies aims to maintain haemodynamic stability and to minimise cardiac strain. Description A 28-year-old primigravida with obesity (body mass index 40.5) first presented with dyspnoea, lower limb oedema, hypertension and proteinuria at 29 weeks' gestation. Transthoracic echocardiogram then revealed an ejection fraction of 38% with moderately impaired left ventricular function. She reported a vague history of hypertension diagnosed pre-pregnancy and was non-compliant to medications, with no prior investigations. She was diagnosed with pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and cardiomyopathy, and transferred to a tertiary centre. A multidisciplinary team meeting was held and an elective lower-segment caesarean section (LSCS) at 34 weeks' gestation was planned. Invasive monitoring (central venous catheter and intra-arterial line) was established prior to the induction of anaesthesia. A CSE was performed with 1.8 ml heavy bupivacaine 0.5% and 10 lg fentanyl spinal and 5 ml lidocaine 2% with 1:200,000 adrenaline into the epidural space. A phenylephrine infusion was commenced to maintain haemodynamic stability. Operation was uneventful. Two international units of oxytocin was administered as a slow bolus followed by an infusion. Discussion Peripartum cardiomyopathy is a life-threatening and rare form of left ventricular dysfunction that often presents in the last trimester up to 6 months post-partum [1]. It remains a diagnosis of exclusion and its risks factors include multiparity, advanced maternal age, multifetal pregnancy, pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, obesity and women of African ethnicity [1]. As the presenting symptoms of dyspnoea, peripheral oedema and fatigue can be normal manifestations during pregnancy, diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy may be delayed [2]. In addition, in patients with undiagnosed cardiomyopathy, the increased haemodynamic demands during pregnancy may unmask these underlying illnesses and contribute to the diagnostic dilemma. Despite the various causes, cardiomyopathy has to be recognised promptly and managed aggressively in a multidisciplinary, tertiary centre. Elective LSCS significantly reduces strain on the heart as it is planned, allows for a short delivery time and eliminates maternal effort during delivery. CSE allows haemodynamic stability from slow titration of drugs and provides analgesia postoperatively [3].
The coffee clinic. a clinical and academic program to reduce cardiovascular risk after complications of pregnancy; There is an increasing body of evidence that certain complications of pregnancy (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, spontaneous pre-term birth and small for gestational age baby) are metabolic markers of increased cardiovascular risk for premature ischaemic heart disease in women. Collaboration between Cardiology and Obstetric Units at Northern Adelaide Local Health Network has resulted in the COFFEE Clinic (Cardiovascular assessment after Obstetric complications. Follow-up For Education and Evaluation). This cardiovascular prevention nurse practitioner-led clinic is an Australian-first clinic to educate women who have experienced a complication in pregnancy, and their general practitioners about their need to closely monitor current and future cardiovascular risk. The clinic's effectiveness to increase awareness, educate and encourage lifestyle changes that reduce cardiovascular risk (primordial prevention) as well as to ensure appropriate management of established or developing cardiovascular risk factors (primary prevention) will be assessed in a trial of intervention with counselling versus usual care over the next few years. Other innovative ways to educate and engage with young women to reduce their cardiovascular risk using social media and other internet-based tools are being explored currently. Recognising that this is an important patient cohort, women attending this clinic are being asked to consent to being a part of an ongoing registry for follow-up and a biobank for future research initiatives.
Development of a Predictive Model for Adverse Outcomes of Preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE: To determine factors associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia and develop a predictive model. METHODS: Clinical data of 2 532 patients with preeclampsia who were admitted to our hospital from 2005 to 2014 were extracted for the study. The patients were divided into two groups, including 990 (39.1%) with adverse outcomes and 1 542 (60.9%) without adverse outcomes. Factors associated with adverse outcomes were identified through univariate analyses. The predictive model was developed through multivariate logistic regression analyses using a randomly selected sample containing 80% of the cases. The remaining 20% of cases served for the purpose of validation and the establishment of the ROC curve. RESULTS: Primiparas, educational attainments, prenatal care, multiple births, edema, chest pain, dyspnea, dizziness, headache, blurred vision, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, urine protein, liver and kidney functions were found to be associated with adverse outcomes of preeclampsia. Multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions entered into the logistic regression model (P<0.05). The Logit(P) model had a good fitness of data and 77.1% accuracy in predicting adverse outcomes. The area under the curve (AUC) of the ROC curve was 0.804 [P<0.01, 95% confidence interval CI): 0.758 to 0.849]. The highest sensitivity was achieved when the cut-off point set risk value at 0.300, [CM(155mm]with 58.6% patients having adverse outcomes representing 83.8% true positive rate and 46.8% false positive rate. CONCLUSION: Adverse outcomes of preeclampsia can be predicted through multiple births, edema, dyspnea, blurred vision, cardiovascular disease, liver and kidney functions. Risk value ≥0.300 is recommended.
Influence of gestational diabetes on fetal autonomic nervous system: a study using phase-rectified signal-averaging analysis; OBJECTIVES: Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is known to influence fetal physiology. Phase-rectified signal averaging (PRSA) is an innovative signal-processing technique that can be used to investigate fetal heart signals. The PRSA-calculated variables average acceleration capacity (AAC) and average deceleration capacity (ADC) are established indices of autonomic nervous system (ANS) function. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of GDM on the fetal cardiovascular and ANS function in human pregnancy using PRSA. METHODS: This was a prospective clinical case-control study of 58 mothers with diagnosed GDM and 58 gestational-age matched healthy controls in the third trimester of pregnancy. Fetal cardiotocography (CTG) recordings were performed in all cases at entry to the study, and a follow-up recording was performed in 19 GDM cases close to delivery. The AAC and ADC indices were calculated by the PRSA method and fetal heart rate short-term variation (STV) by CTG software according to Dawes-Redman criteria. RESULTS: Mean gestational age of both groups at study entry was 35.7 weeks. There was a significant difference in mean AAC (1.97 ± 0.33 bpm vs 2.42 ± 0.57 bpm; P < 0.001) and ADC (1.94 ± 0.32 bpm vs 2.28 ± 0.46 bpm; P < 0.001) between controls and fetuses of diabetic mothers. This difference could not be demonstrated using standard computerized fetal CTG analysis of STV (controls, 10.8 ± 3.0 ms vs GDM group, 11.3 ± 2.5 ms; P = 0.32). Longitudinal fetal heart rate measurements in a subgroup of women with diabetes were not significantly different from those at study entry. CONCLUSIONS: Our findings show increased ANS activity in fetuses of diabetic mothers in late gestation. Analysis of human fetal cardiovascular and ANS function by PRSA may offer improved surveillance over conventional techniques linking GDM pregnancy to future cardiovascular dysfunction in the offspring. Copyright © 2017 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Correlation between birth weight and left ventricular hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Purpose Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are known to have numerous complications during the neonatal period, including varying degrees of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH). The purpose is to assess a correlation between birth weight and maternal 3rd trimester HbA1c to the degree of LVH.Methods A retrospective review at a tertiary university single-?center for all neonates admitted to the NICU/NBN from 03/01-07/17. Inclusion criteria: maternal history of diabetes, echocardiogram (echo). LVH defined as LV mass (LVm) > 95th percentile based on gender, male (17.6 g, LVm index (LV mi) 80.1 g/m2.7) and females (16.5 g, LVmi 85.6 g/m2.7). Normal HbA1c in third trimester was set at 6.0%. Data obtained included demographics, birth weight, maternal HbA1c and echo measurements.Results Total of 53 IDM, equal number of males, 50% (P = 1.0). Gestational age range 30.5-?39.4 weeks; preterm 31 (60%), term 21 (40%), (P < .001). Birth weight range 1.2-?5.370 kg, SGA; 1 (2%), AGA; 23 (44%), LGA 28 (54%), (P < .001). LVm range 3.28-?19.1g, LVmi range 27.9-?150.24. Maternal third trimester HbA1c range 5.1-?11.8%; good control 12 (29%), poor control 30 (71%) (P < .0001).Based on gender, 1 male by LVm and 7 by LVmi; 0 female by LVm and 4 LVmi. There is a positive correlation of birth weight and LVm, R = 0.49 (P males with LVH, insufficient data based on LVm alone, for LVmi there is a positive correlation, R = 0.158 (P = .73). Females with LVH, insufficient data for both LVm and LVmi. For the HBA1c group (42 infants), 1 male by LVm and 7 by LVmi; 0 female by LVm and 2 LVmi. A positive correlation of maternal HbA1c level and LVm, R = 0.11 (P = .50), and with LVmi, R = 0.23 (P = .135).Conclusion IDM are known to have increased risk of cardiovascular problems, including LVH. From these results, this cohort is more likely to be premature and LGA and our study population is more likely to have poor control of their diabetes. The weakly positive correlations between birth weight and maternal HbA1c to and LVm in infants suggest that by focusing on poorly controlled diabetic dyads or those LGA infants alone, infants with increased risk for LVH maybe missed and not followed over time.
Association of congenital heart disease with autism: A case-?control study; Background There has long been an association between congenital heart disease (CHD) and general neurodevelopmental delays. However, the association between CHD and Autism spectrum disorders (AuSD) is less well understood. Prior studies to assess an association have been limited by small sample size and questionnaire recall.Table 1Figure 1. Odds ratios for AuSD with associated CHD categorical diagnosis adjusted for genetic syndrome, prematurity, maternal gestational diabetes, and maternal age at delivery. Abbreviations: CHD, congenital heart disease; APRV, anomalous pulmonary venous return; ASD, atrial septal defect; AVSD, atrioventricular septal defect/atrioventricular canal defect; Conoventricular, defects including tetralogy of Fallot, truncus arteriosus, AP Window; Ebstein, Ebstein malformation; LeftOb, left heart obstruction including hypoplastic left heart syndrome, mitral stenosis, aortic stenosis, and coarctation of the aorta; RightOb, right heart obstruction including tricuspid atresia, pulmonary atresia, pulmonary stenosis, not including tetralogy of Fallot; VSD, ventricular septal defectObjective Using administrative data from the Military Health System, we sought to quantify the association between CHD and AuSD, as well as to identify specific CHD lesions with higher odds of developing AuSD.Design/methodWe performed a 1:3 case-?control study with children born and enrolled in the US Military Health system between October 2000 and September 2013. Cases with AuSD were matched with unaffected controls on the basis of date of birth, sex, and enrolment timeframe. International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-?9-?CM) diagnostic codes for each child were obtained and reviewed for CHD codes and associated procedures. CHDs were further subdivided according to developmental categories. Conditional logistic regression determined ORs and 95% CIs for comparative associations.Results A total of 8760 children with AuSD and 26 280 controls were included in the study. The groups were similar with respect to the matching characteristics, with males comprising 79.9% of each group. Those with AuSD were more likely to have a genetic syndrome, prematurity, maternal gestational diabetes, and younger maternal age at delivery (Table 1). After adjustment for these characteristics, there remained increased odds of AuSD in patients with CHD. For any CHD, the OR was 1.45 (95% CI 1.32-?1.60). This finding was largely driven by the atrial septal defect group (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.31-?1.72), but it was also significant for those with left heart obstructive lesions (OR 1.66, 95% CI 1.18-?2.35), ventricular septal defects (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.02-?1.58), and anomalous pulmonary venous return (OR 3.09, 95% CI 1.02-?9.36). (Figure 1)Conclusions Children with CHD are at increased odds of developing AuSD. Specific lesions at risk include atrial septal defect, left heart obstructive lesions, ventricular septal defects, and anomalous pulmonary venous return. Our findings will be useful for counseling parents and caretakers of children with CHD.
Alterations in maternal heart during diabetic rat pregnancy; Introduction: Pregnancy is an enormous challenge for the maternal cardiovascular system. Women with pre-gestational cardiovascular impairments face an increased risk for developing pathological pregnancies. Diabetes affects cardiovascular function already in the non-pregnant state. We aimed at evaluating the influence of pre-gestational diabetes on heart morphology and gene expression using a transgenic rat. Methods: We generated a pre-gestational hyperglycemic condition in transgenic rats (Tet29) by applying doxycycline, which induces a knock down of the insulin receptor via RNA interference in this strain. Wildtype Sprague-Dawley (SD) rats receiving doxycycline served as a control. Heart analysis was performed on day 21 of pregnancy (with appearance of a vaginal plug being pregnancy day 1). Gene expression levels were measured by qRT-PCR. Heart and body weight were obtained and analyzed. Results: Tet29 rats were hyperglycemic throughout pregnancy (blood glucose of 487±24 mg/dl vs. 95±5 md/dl in SD rats) and had a lower body weight in comparison to SD rats at the end of pregnancy (402.3±9.0 G vs. 471.3±12.0 g). Hearts of diabetic Tet29 rats were smaller (absolutely and relatively, regarding body weight), in comparison to SD rats at the end of pregnancy (0.60±0.02 G vs. 0.87±0.02 g; 0.150±0.005 vs. 0.186±0.004, respectively). Expression of inflammation markers MCP1 (1.34±0.20 vs. 0.47±0.13) and TNFα (1.76±0.30 vs. 0.48±0.15) was higher in diabetic hearts. Additionally, the expression of the fibrosis markers CTGF (1.83±098 vs. 0.18±0.04) and NGAL (1.30±0.55 vs. 0.41±0.22) was elevated in diabetic hearts, whereas the markers fibronectin (0.74±0.07 vs. 1.23±0.29) and collagen 1 (0.45±0.08 vs. 2.04±0.55) were decreased. Discussion: Diabetic pregnant Tet29 rats reveal an altered morphology and gene expression profile in the heart. This phenotype does not fit in a classical category of heart diseases. Further studies such as echocardiography and follow-up analysis in postpartum life are necessary to elucidate possible functional changes.
Transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on the child's body composition and left ventricle mass - 6-year-follow-up in the RADIEL study; BACKGROUND Maternal adiposity and gestational diabetes (GDM) are recognized as a well-established sequel. Their increasing prevalence highlights serious implications for offspring health, including early weight gain and an increased long-term cardiovascular risk. Fetal programming has been hypothesized to be the underlying mechanism. We aimed to investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and GDM on child body composition and left ventricle mass (LVM) at 6 years of age. METHODS The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs (boys, n = 111), a subcohort from the RADIEL - Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. Mothers and children were recruited at a mean of 6.1 (± 0.5) years postpartum aiming for balanced GDM occurrence. GDM was diagnosed in 96 mothers, 36 of whom required oral or insulin treatment. The follow-up assessment included child echocardiography, child and maternal anthropometrics, body composition assessed with bioelectrical impedance and blood pressure. RESULTS Maternal body composition was mirrored in offspring body composition, including lean body mass, body fat mass and body fat percentage. Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI 30.5 ± 5.6 kg/m2) correlated with child body fat percentage (r = 0.2; p = 0.01) and was reflected in increased child BMI (mean z-score 0.45 ± 0.93 kg/m2 in a relation to a national population). LVM correlated with child and maternal anthropometrics, lean body mass, fat mass, child age, sex, and systolic blood pressure (Tab. 1). LVM, LVM index (g/m2.09) and LVM z-score were not associated with pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM exposure, or child body fat percentage. In a stepwise linear regression model LVM was independently predicted only by child lean body mass (R2 = 0.434). LVM index and lean body mass were higher (p < 0.001; p = 0.002), but body fat percentage lower (p < 0.001), in boys compared with girls. CONCLUSIONS Child LVM at six years of age is determined predominantly by child lean body mass, which is correlated with child height, weight, and sex, and influenced by maternal lean body mass. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child adiposity, increasing future cardiovascular risk, but no association between LVM and child adiposity or evidence of fetal programming related to GDM was found in early childhood. (Table Presented).
Relationship between various maternal conditions and lactic acid dehydrogenase activity in umbilical cord blood at birth; Lactic acid dehydrogenase (LDH) is a valuable marker for some of the most important diseases in newborns and the plasma LDH activity in newborns correlates well with conditions such as asphyxia. If LDH should be considered as a useful tool also in obstetric care, key factors associated with maternal health before and during pregnancy which could affect umbilical cord LDH activity need to be known. The aims of this study were to explore relationships between selected maternal conditions and arterial lactic acid dehydrogenase activity (aLDH) in umbilical cord blood at delivery. A prospective observational study was conducted at Sodersjukhuset, Stockholm, Sweden. Included in the study were 1247 deliveries, and cord blood samples from each were analyzed for aLDH. Background, delivery and neonatal data were collected from the medical records. Higher median values of aLDH were found (P=0.001) among women with chronic disorders not related to pregnancy but there was no increased frequency of high aLDH levels (>612 μ/L, P=0.30). No difference in aLDH was identified between infants born to women with pregnancy-related disorders compared with healthy women, neither in median values, nor in high values (>612 μ/L, P=0.95). Newborn infants born to women with non-pregnancy-related chronic disorders had a somewhat higher median value of aLDH in cord blood at delivery. The influence of common maternal conditions and diseases on umbilical cord arterial LDH levels is small compared to the increase reported in fetal distress and several other critical conditions in the newborn.
Spice-derived bioactive ingredients: Potential agents or food adjuvant in the management of diabetes mellitus; Spices possess tremendous therapeutic potential including hypoglycemic action, attributed to their bioactive ingredients. However, there is no study that critically reviewed the hypoglycemic potency, safety and the bioavailability of the spice-derived bioactive ingredients (SDBI). Therefore, the aim of the study was to comprehensively review all published studies regarding the hypoglycemic action of SDBI with the purpose to assess whether the ingredients are potential hypoglycemic agents or adjuvant. Factors considered were concentration/dosages used, the extent of blood glucose reduction, the IC50 values, and the safety concern of the SDBI. From the results, cinnamaldehyde, curcumin, diosgenin, thymoquinone (TQ), and trigonelline were showed the most promising effects and hold future potential as hypoglycemic agents. Conclusively, future studies should focus on improving the tissue and cellular bioavailability of the promising SDBI to achieve greater potency. Additionally, clinical trials and toxicity studies are with these SDBI are warranted.
Determination of the fetal myocardial performance index in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance and to assess whether this parameter is a possible prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome; Aim: The aim of this study was to investigate if the myocardial performance index (MPI) is altered in fetuses in women with gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT), controlled on diet and whether this parameter is also predictive of adverse outcome in this group, as in poorly controlled gestational diabetes. Methods: In a prospective cross-sectional study, 32 women with GIGT on diet in the 3rd trimester were recruited and matched with 32 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the MPI was calculated. Placental resistance Doppler markers in both groups were also determined. An abnormal outcome was defined as any of the following: stillbirth, neonatal death, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admissions, tachypnea with pulmonary oedema, neonatal cord pH <7.15, five minute Apgar score <7, and cardiomyopathy. Results: The cases had a significantly higher median MPI compared to controls, p value <.0001. There were eight abnormal outcomes recorded in the 32 fetuses in the study group, corresponding to an adverse outcome rate of 25%. Fetuses with an adverse outcome had significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the GIGT fetuses with normal outcome. The MPI served as an excellent predictor of adverse outcome in the GIGT fetuses, with a total area under the ROC curve of 0.96. An MPI z-score greater than 4.0 conferred a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 80%. No abnormal outcomes were noted in the control group. Conclusions: The MPI is impaired in fetuses in GIGT women, with fetuses with an adverse outcome having significantly higher MPI measurements compared to the fetuses with normal outcome in the GIGT group. MPI has the potential to improve fetal surveillance in gestational diabetes.
Efficacy and safety of tenofovir in preventing mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus: A meta-analysis based on 6 studies from China and 3 studies from other countries; Background: The vertical transmission of HBV from mothers to their infants at birth or in early infancy has a significant role in the endemicity of HBV infection. Tenofovir is one of the most potent anti-HBV agents with a high genetic barrier to resistance. The study is to evaluate the efficacy of tenofovir in preventing perinatal HBV transmission, as well as monitoring safety for mothers and infants. Methods: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and CNKI (National Knowledge Infrastructure, China) database were systematically reviewed for studies that compared the efficacy and safety of tenofovir with other treatments. Pooled estimates were expressed with weight mean difference (WMD) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) and risk ratio (RR) with 95% CIs. Results: Nine studies involving 1046 pregnant patients met the inclusion criteria and were included in this meta-analysis. Compared with other treatments, tenofovir significantly reduced maternal HBV DNA levels (WMD=2.33 log10 IU/mL, 95% CI: 1.01, 3.64; P<0.001), infant HBsAg positivity rate (RR=0.25, 95% CI: 0.16, 0.38; P<0.001), infant HBeAg positivity rate (RR=0.26, 95% CI: 0.14, 0.48; P<0.001), infant HBV DNA positivity rate (RR=0.15, 95% CI: 0.07, 0.31; P<0.001), and immunoprophylaxis failure rate (RR=0.31, 95% CI: 0.13, 0.73; P=0.008). Moreover, maternal and infant safety profiles, including ALT, CK, and Cr were comparable between tenofovir and other treatment groups. Conclusion: Based on the current evidence, our study suggested that tenofovir significantly reduced the rate of vertical transmission of HBV, as well as the HBV DNA levels in HBV-infected mothers. Moreover, tenofovir was safe and tolerable for both mothers and their infants.
Antenatal umbilical coiling index in gestational diabetes mellitus and non-gestational diabetes pregnancy; Objective: Umbilical cord abnormalities increase fetal morbidity and mortality. This study was designed to compare antenatal umbilical coiling index (aUCI) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-gestational diabetes mellitus (non-GDM) pregnancy, considering uncertainties about the best time to perform antenatal ultrasonography scan. Materials and Methods: In this prospective study, 246 parturients were included, 123 with GDM and 123 with non-GDM pregnancy. Gestational diabetes was confirmed at 24–28 weeks of gestation (WG) using one-step strategy. An anatomical ultrasound survey of placenta and umbilical cord was performed at 18–23 as well as 37–41 weeks of gestational age. Results: At 18–23 WG, the frequency distribution (10th, 90th percentiles, mean ± SD) of the aUCI in the GDM and non-GDM groups were (0.13,0.66,0.32 ± 0.19) and (0.18,0.74, 0.4 ± 0.31) respectively. These values were (0.12,0.4, 0.25 ± 0.11) in the GDM group at 37–41 WG and (0.17,0.43, 0.29 ± 0.11) in the non-GDM group. A significant relationship was detected between UCI value and GDM/non-GDM groups at both antenatal evaluations (18–23 WG; P = 0.002, 37–41WG; P < 0.001). A significant association at 18–23 WG was found between GDM/non-GDM groups and aUCI categorization (hypocoiling <10th, normocoiling 10th–90th and hypercoiling >90th) (P = 0.001). However, hypocoiling were significantly more frequent in GDM than non-GDM in both antenatal evaluations (P < 0.001, P = 0.006). Conclusion: Antenatal UCI in pregnancy complicated by GDM were lower in comparison with non-GDM pregnancy. The most abnormal pattern of coiling in gestational diabetes was hypocoiling in both trimesters. In addition, 18–23 WG is the best time to perform ultrasound scan to detect aUCI and umbilical cord pattern.
Long term (>1year) postpartum glucose tolerance status among Indian women with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) diagnosed by IADPSG criteria; Aim: To determine prevalence of long term dysglycemia and its risk factors among women with history of GDM diagnosed using IADPSG criteria at a tertiary care hospital in North India. Methods: Women with GDM diagnosed between 2012 and 2016 were invited. Socio-demographic, anthropometric, medical data were collected and 75 gm OGTT with serum insulin estimation, HbA1c and fasting lipid profile were done at the hospital visit. Results: Women (N = 267) were tested at 32.5 (±4.6) years of age and at a median (q25-q75) of 20 (12–44) months following the index delivery. Dysglycemia was found in 57.7% by ADA criteria [Diabetes in 10.5% and prediabetes in 47.2%]. Risk factors for cardiovascular disease were significantly more prevalent among these women. On multivariable analysis, HOMA-IR correlated positively, while insulinogenic index correlated negatively with postpartum dysglycemia. Conclusion: This is possibly the first long term (>1 year) glucose tolerance outcome study in South Asian women with history of GDM diagnosed by IADPSG criteria, which demonstrates significantly elevated risk of postpartum dysglycemia. While the IADPSG criteria identify women with a lower future conversion to diabetes compared with previous criteria, prediabetes conversion remains high, thereby offering an opportunity to intervene early and prevent progression to future diabetes.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on newborn cholesterol metabolism; Background and aims: Impaired glucose metabolism during pregnancy may associate with changes in fetal cholesterol metabolism. We investigated if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects newborn cholesterol metabolism as determined by cord blood squalene and non-cholesterol sterols. Furthermore, we examined potential correlations between cord blood and maternal serum non-cholesterol sterols. Methods: Pregnant women at risk for GDM (BMI>30 kg/m2) were enrolled from maternity clinics in Finland. GDM was determined from the results of an oral glucose tolerance test. Serum samples were taken in the third trimester of pregnancy, and cord blood samples collected from their newborns at birth. Squalene and non-cholesterol sterols were analyzed from serum and cord blood by gas liquid chromatography. All women with GDM were in good glycaemic control. Results: The ratios of squalene and non-cholesterol sterols to cholesterol (100 × μmol/mmol of cholesterol) in cord blood did not differ between the infants born to mothers with GDM (n = 15) or mothers with normal glucose tolerance (n = 13). The ratios of sitosterol and campesterol to cholesterol in the cord blood correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios (r = 0.70, p < 0.0001) in both groups. Conclusions: In obese women under good glycaemic control, GDM did not affect newborn cholesterol metabolism. Cord blood sitosterol and campesterol ratios to cholesterol correlated with the corresponding maternal serum ratios thus potentially reflecting maternal-fetal cholesterol transport.
No. 239-Obesity in Pregnancy; Objective: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. Outcomes: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Values: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. Recommendations: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m2, and ideally < 25 kg/m2 (III-B).2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m2 are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity (II-2B).3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices (II-2B).4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks (II-2B).5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done (II-2B).6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient (II-2B).7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased (II-2B).8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen (III-B).9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized (III-B).
Management of the critically-ill obstetric patient; From 2013 to 2015, 202 women in the United Kingdom died during or within 6 weeks of the end of their pregnancy, as a direct or indirect result of the pregnancy. In one third of cases, care was considered ‘good’ but in more than one third of cases, improvements in care were identified which may have influenced outcome. Many women received critical care input, ranging from close observation to multi-organ support. An understanding of the types of organ support available, their indications and objectives is important for all medical professionals caring for these unwell women. This review describes technical aspects of critical care organ support and how the physiology of pregnancy influences their use. Life-threatening conditions are highlighted, together with key management recommendations and the importance of a collaborative multi-disciplinary approach. In addition, the unique non-clinical challenges faced by professionals caring for sick pregnant and recently pregnant women, from logistical to psychological, are discussed.
The Relationship of Objective Physical Activity with Traditional and Nontraditional Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors in Women; Purpose of Review: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women in the USA, accounting for one of every three deaths. Physical activity (PA) has been shown to have numerous beneficial effects for CVD risk reduction in women. Nonetheless, much of the previous research on the impact of PA on CVD risk factors has been measured using self-report questionnaires. The purpose of this review was to summarize the main findings for the association between objectively measured PA and PA interventions on traditional and nontraditional CVD risk factors from randomized controlled trials (RCT), cohort, and cross-sectional studies published in or after 2011. Traditional risk factors included hypertension, lipids, diabetes mellitus, and obesity whereas nontraditional risk factors included hypertension during pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and depression. Recent Findings: Shifting from traditional CVD risk factors to nontraditional, researchers have been assessing objective PA and PA interventions on pregnancy-related CVD risk factors. A recent meta-analysis and RCT found that exercise during pregnancy reduces the risk of GDM compared to standard maternity care. Recent intervention studies show the beneficial effects of strength training and high-intensity interval training on insulin resistance in women with PCOS. Summary: More research looking at PA interventions with objectively measured compliance to PA (actual number of minutes, intensity, etc.) and observational studies using objective measures for PA (accelerometers, pedometers, etc.) are necessary at this time due to the difficulty of measuring light PA and the overestimation of MVPA through self-report.
Special Considerations in the Management of Diabetes in Women; Introduction: Type 2 diabetes and prediabetes are heterogeneous diseases that directly affect over 115 million Americans. Considerable gender differences exist with regard to diabetes risk factors, hormonal effects on glucose, and cardiovascular outcomes. Materials and Methods: Historically, diabetes studies have largely focused on men with the assumption that the data can safely be extrapolated to women. However, more recent investigations have illuminated significant differences between genders. Results: Women are at higher risk of death from cardiovascular disease (CVD), are more likely to die following a myocardial infarction, and are treated less aggressively toward glycemic targets. Additionally, pregnancy and menopause have profound effects on the risks for diabetes and therefore warrant more aggressive diagnostic attention and monitoring. It is important for practitioners to understand that women who have gestational diabetes are at an increased risk for CVD even if they do not develop diabetes. Older age brings additional challenges with diabetes, including increased fracture risk even with normal bone mineral density. Conclusion: Recognizing the stages of life that are unique to women is critical as treatment and patient education can significantly impact patient well-being and outcomes. This article describes female-specific characteristics of prediabetes and diabetes during several distinct phases of life, including pregnancy, menopause, and older age. Diagnostic and management strategies for these populations are also discussed.
Severe maternal morbidity in women with high BMI in IVF and unassisted singleton pregnancies; STUDY QUESTION: Is there a synergistic risk of severe maternal morbidity (SMM) in overweight/obese women who conceived by IVF compared to normal-weight women without IVF? SUMMARY ANSWER: SMM was more common in IVF pregnancies, and among overweight/obese women, but we did not detect a synergistic effect of both factors. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: While much is known about the impact of overweight and obesity on success rates after IVF, there is less data on maternal health outcomes. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: This is a population-based cohort study of 114 409 singleton pregnancies with conceptions dating from 11 January 2013 until 10 January 2014 in Ontario, Canada. The data source was the Canadian Assisted Reproductive Technologies Register (CARTR Plus) linked with the Ontario birth registry (BORN Information System). PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: We included women who delivered at ≥20 weeks gestation, and excluded those younger than 18 years or with twin pregnancies. Women were classified according to the mode of conception (IVF or unassisted) and according to pre-pregnancy BMI (high BMI (≥25 kg/m2) or low-normal BMI (<25 kg/m2)). The main outcome was SMM, a composite of serious complications using International Classification of Diseases, 10th revision (ICD-10) codes. Secondary outcomes were gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and cesarean delivery. Adjusted risk ratios (aRR) with 95% CI were estimated using log binomial regression, adjusted for maternal age, parity, education, income and baseline maternal comorbidity. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: Of 114 409 pregnancies, 1596 (1.4%) were IVF conceptions. Overall, 41.2% of the sample had high BMI, which was similar in IVF and non-IVF groups. We observed 674 SMM events (rate: 5.9 per 1000 deliveries). IVF was associated with an increased risk of SMM (rate 11.3/1000; aRR 1.89, 95% CI: 1.06.3.39). High BMI was modestly associated with SMM (rate 7.0/1000; aRR 1.23, 95% CI: 1.04.1.45) There was no interaction between the two factors (P = 0.22). We noted supra-additive effects of high BMI and IVF on the risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes, but not gestational hypertension or cesarean delivery. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: We were unable to assess outcomes according to reason for treatment. Type II error (beta ~25%) may affect our results. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Our results support previous data indicating a greater risk of SMM in IVF pregnancies, and among women with high BMI. However, these factors do not interact. Overweight and obese women who seek treatment with IVF should be counseled about pregnancy risks. The decision to proceed with IVF should be based on clinical judgment after considering an individualfs chance of success and risk of complications. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): This study was supported by the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre (grant 6291) and also supported by the Trio Fertility (formerly Lifequest) Research Fund. The authors report no competing interests. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: Not applicable.
Pattern of congenital anomalies in newborn: A 4-year surveillance of newborns delivered in a tertiary healthcare facility in the South-East Nigeria; Congenital abnormalities are important causes of morbidity and mortality in children and significantly add to the burdens on healthcare in developing countries. Unfortunately, there remains a paucity of information on congenital birth defects in most developing countries. This is a 4-year prospective study that assessed the patterns and predictors of congenital anomalies among newborns at the Enugu State University Teaching Hospital, Nigeria. In total, 5830 deliveries were recorded, of which 38 had congenital anomalies, giving an incidence rate of 6.5/1000 live births. Fifty-two newborns were enrolled as nested controls. Factors significantly associated with congenital anomalies were low birth weight (p=0.009), low socio-economic class (p=0.011), lower maternal educational attainment (p=0.009), parity of≥5 (p=0.002), febrile illness (p=0.001) and the use of local concoction in index pregnancy (p=0.009). More than half of the anomalies reported involved the musculoskeletal system. Occurrence of congenital anomalies may be prevented by curtailing risk factors identified in this study.
Can we detect overdiagnosis? exploring indicators of possible overdiagnosis outside cancer screening contexts; #Objectives Although the risk of overdiagnosis in cancer screening was identified almost 50 years ago, evidence of cancer overdiag¬nosis was slow to emerge, and has required development of new approaches and study designs. As a result, responses to mitigate overdiagnosis, and to inform the public and professionals, have been delayed. This meant cancer screening activities became well established in clinical practice and policy before the problem overdiagnosis was recognised, making reversal difficult. It would be beneficial to avoid repeating the same delays out¬side the cancer setting-whether in the context of screening pro¬grams (e.g. gestational diabetes screening among pregnant women) or in managing already symptomatic patients (eg chil¬dren with ADHD symptoms, adults with joint pain)-so that timely policy responses to overdiagnosis in these settings can be developed. We therefore aimed to identify early 'indicators' of potential overdiagnosis. Method We used concepts described in key papers about meth¬ods for detecting and quantifying cancer overdiagnosis, the clini¬cal utility of diagnostic tests, and for modifying the definition of diseases, to identify early indicators of potential overdiagnosis. We identified four indicators: 1. Expanded detection of condi-tion/disease; 2. Subclinical forms of the condition/disease; 3. Increasing diagnosis and treatment of condition/disease; and 4. Balance of benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable based on existing evidence. We provide an overview of the proposed approach, and illus¬trate it using two examples that are common in everyday, clinical investigation of non cancer conditions: MRI in the investigation of adult knee pain, and high sensitivity troponin testing in emer¬gency department workup of patients with suspected myocardial infarction. We evaluate and discuss the application of the indica¬tors to these examples, using analysis of routinely collected, local data, and current research evidence. Results Example One: Is there potential overdiagnosis of knee pathology in older Australians? Knee MRI is positive on indica¬tors 1, 2 and 4 for possible overdiagnosis (expanded detection of condition (disease); subclinical forms of the condition (dis¬ease); balance of benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable). Indicator 3 (increasing diagnosis and treatment of the condition) is inconclusive. Example Two: Is there poten¬tial overdiagnosis of Myocardial Infarction in Australians? Non ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction (NSTEMI) meets indicators 1 and 3 (expanded detection of condition (disease); increasing diagnosis and treatment of condition (disease)). Indicators 2 (subclinical forms of the condition (disease)) and 4 (benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable) are inconclusive. Conclusions The proposed indicators may have utility in helping to identify possible overdiagnosis sooner than would normally come about through standard processes of surveillance of changes in clinical testing and its impact. We found that in our two examples, more indicators were clearly positive for knee MRI than for hs Tn/NSTEMI, suggesting more evidence of potential overdiagnosis for the former than for the latter. The approach is necessarily different from methods that have been developed for cancer screening because, in non-cancer condi¬tions, patients may be asymptomatic (as in the context of early detection of disease) OR symptomatic yet still at risk of over-diagnosis. These four indicators may help identify tests that war¬rant the investment of research resources to assess the impact of the new testing patterns and disease definitions on long term, patient-relevant outcomes to avoid harm through overdiagnosis and overtreatment.
Can we detect overdiagnosis early? Exploring indicators of possible overdiagnosis outside cancer screening contexts; #Objectives Although the risk of overdiagnosis in cancer screening was identified almost 50 years ago, evidence of cancer overdiag¬nosis was slow to emerge, and has required development of new approaches and study designs. As a result, responses to mitigate overdiagnosis, and to inform the public and professionals, have been delayed. This meant cancer screening activities became well established in clinical practice and policy before the problem overdiagnosis was recognised, making reversal difficult. It would be beneficial to avoid repeating the same delays out¬side the cancer setting-whether in the context of screening pro¬grams (eg gestational diabetes screening among pregnant women) or in managing already symptomatic patients (e.g. chil¬dren with ADHD symptoms, adults with joint pain)-so that timely policy responses to overdiagnosis in these settings can be developed. We therefore aimed to identify early 'indicators' of potential overdiagnosis. Method We used concepts described in key papers about meth¬ods for detecting and quantifying cancer overdiagnosis, the clini¬cal utility of diagnostic tests, and for modifying the definition of diseases, to identify early indicators of potential overdiagnosis. We identified four indicators: 1. Expanded detection of condi-tion/disease; 2. Subclinical forms of the condition/disease; 3. Increasing diagnosis and treatment of condition/disease; and 4. Balance of benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable based on existing evidence. We provide an overview of the proposed approach, and illus¬trate it using two examples that are common in everyday, clinical investigation of non cancer conditions: MRI in the investigation of adult knee pain, and high sensitivity troponin testing in emer¬gency department workup of patients with suspected myocardial infarction. We evaluate and discuss the application of the indica¬tors to these examples, using analysis of routinely collected, local data, and current research evidence. Results Example One: Is there potential overdiagnosis of knee pathology in older Australians? Knee MRI is positive on indica¬tors 1, 2 and 4 for possible overdiagnosis (expanded detection of condition (disease); subclinical forms of the condition (dis¬ease); balance of benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable). Indicator 3 (increasing diagnosis and treatment of the condition) is inconclusive. Example Two: Is there poten¬tial overdiagnosis of Myocardial Infarction in Australians? Non ST Elevation Myocardial Infarction (NSTEMI) meets indicators 1 and 3 (expanded detection of condition (disease); increasing diagnosis and treatment of condition (disease)). Indicators 2 (subclinical forms of the condition (disease)) and 4 (benefit vs harm of diagnosis/treatment likely to be unfavourable) are inconclusive. Conclusions The proposed indicators may have utility in helping to identify possible overdiagnosis sooner than would normally come about through standard processes of surveillance of changes in clinical testing and its impact. We found that in our two examples, more indicators were clearly positive for knee MRI than for hs Tn/NSTEMI, suggesting more evidence of potential overdiagnosis for the former than for the latter. The approach is necessarily different from methods that have been developed for cancer screening because, in non-cancer condi¬tions, patients may be asymptomatic (as in the context of early detection of disease) OR symptomatic yet still at risk of over-diagnosis. These four indicators may help identify tests that war¬rant the investment of research resources to assess the impact of the new testing patterns and disease definitions on long term, patient-relevant outcomes to avoid harm through overdiagnosis and overtreatment.
Assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women who were previously investigated for gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk of diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome as well as subclinical atherosclerosis. However, it is unclear which is/ are the major predisposing factors leading to accelerated atherosclerosis in this patient population. Purpose: The aim was to assess the role of gestational glycaemic indices and other known modifiable cardiovascular risk factors in the development of subclinical atherosclerosis. Methods: This cross-sectional study comprised 203 Europid subjects who underwent assessment for GDM at our city hospital during the year 2009. These patients were consequently followed up through January 2018. The baseline oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was noted. At follow-up, the patients' medical history, anthropometric measurements and office blood pressure were noted. Waist index (WI) was calculated as waist circumference (cm) divided by 80. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) was assessed as marker of subclinical atherosclerosis in both common carotid arteries; the higher value was taken as the reference CIMT. The % difference in CIMT from the expected CIMT according to patient's age was calculated using the formula: Reference CIMT-Expected CIMT/Expected CIMT x 100. Blood samples were taken in the overnight fasting state. Results: The mean age of the study population was 38.3±5.4 years. Out of the 203 participants, 43 (21.2%) had GDM. At a median follow-up of 8 years, the study population had few co-morbidities. Two participants (1%) suffered from type 2 DM, 10 from hypertension whilst 6 had hyperlipidaemia. Seventy-eighty subjects (38.4%) were current smokers and 3 (1.5%) were ex-smokers. The participants were generally obese, with a median body mass index (BMI) of 29.25 (IQR 25.06- 36.11) and median WI of 1.15 (IQR 1.06-1.34). Increased CIMT was present in 169 (83.25%) participants. Univariate analysis followed by multivariate analysis was performed to identify independent predictors of % difference in CIMT. In univariate analysis, the following variables had a p value <0.1: BMI, WI, systolic and diastolic BP, neutrophil counts, lymphocyte counts, HDL-, LDL-, non-HDL and total cholesterol, triglyceride and TSH levels. Consequently, linear regression analysis revealed WI to be the sole predictor of increased CIMT (β=24.387, p<0.001). Post-hoc ROC analysis revealed a WI of 1.12 has 62% sensitivity and 53% specificity for predicting increased CIMT (AUC 0.63, 95% CI 0.55-0.72, p=0.016). Conclusions:Waist index is the major predictor of subclinical atherosclerosis in a premenopausal population previously investigated for GDM. A WI of 1.12 exhibits relatively good sensitivity & specificity in predicting the presence of atherosclerosis in this patient population. Furthermore, WI can be easily assessed in clinical practice and it may therefore be a useful anthropometric measure in premenopausal female subjects to readily identify subclinical atherosclerosis.
Elevated plasma levels of galactin-3 in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, a new surrogate for cardiovascular disease in women?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is recognized as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women, and is related to future major cardiovascular events. Galactin-3 (Gal-3), a glycoprotein secreted by activated cardiac macrophages, has a role in atherogenesis through several pathways. Increased levels of Gal-3 above 8.7ng/mL has been found to be an independent predictor of increased mortality after cardiac injury. Protein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK-9), a novel target for low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol reduction, is associated with metabolic disorders in young women. Aim: To evaluate plasma levels of Gal-3 and PCSK-9 in pregnant women with GDM, thereby suggesting possible new mechanisms leading to future cardiovascular injury in this population. Methods: From November 2016 thru July 2017 we collected blood samples from 15 women with normal pregnancies and 29 women diagnosed with GDM in their third trimester. Levels of Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1C), LDL, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), triglycerides, Gal-3 and PCSK-9 levels were measured. Results: Plasma levels of Gal-3 were increased in pregnancies complicated with GDM compared to normal pregnancies (GDM 9.2±0.4ng/ml vs control 7.4±0.5ng/ml; pv=0.03). Additionally; 62% of women with GDM had Gal-3 concentration >8.7 ng/mL compared to 13% in the control group. Plasma levels of PCSK-9 did not differ between the two groups (GDM 550±33ng/ml vs control 553±50ng/ml; pv-ns). No significant differences were observed in HbA1C, LDL, HDL and triglyceride levels. Conclusion: In the present study, we demonstrated increased levels of Gal- 3 without any differences in PCSK-9 levels in women with GDM in their 3rd trimester. In addition, 62% of the women with GDM had elevated plasma levels of Gal-3, a marker of worse prognosis following cardiac injury. These results are hypothesis generating and may suggest a novel mechanism of increased cardiovascular risk among women who had GDM.
A retrospective cohort study of risk factors and pregnancy outcomes in 14,014 Chinese pregnant women; This study aims to investigate major complications or symptoms of pregnant women, causes of maternal near-miss, and issues that are relevant to severe maternal disease. A retrospective analysis was performed in the “maternal individual investigation form,” which included all critical maternity patients admitted to the First Affiliated Hospital of Anhui Medical University from January 1, 2012 to September 31, 2015. A total of 14,014 pregnant patients who delivered at 28 to 42 weeks of gestation were included. Eight thousand eighty-six patients experienced complications or symptoms, and top 7 of these were postpartum hemorrhage, hypertension during pregnancy, diabetes, anemia, hepatopathy, nephroma, and connective tissue disease, of which the morbidity were 11.92%, 10.15%, 9.34%, 8.57%, 3.13%. 0.56%, and 0.55%, respectively. Delivery times, gestational weeks, and informal pregnancy examinations had significant correlation with maternal near-miss (P < .05); nevertheless, the age at pregnancy, number of pregnancies, and education were not so significant (P > .05). Two hundred sixty-five patients had severe maternal diseases (maternal near miss), and the top 5 causes for severe maternal morbidity were massive blood transfusion, thrombocytopenia, clinical feature of shock, uterus removal induced by uterus infection or bleeding, and coagulation dysfunction, of which the morbidity were 24.15%, 18.87%, 13.58%, 9.43%, and 6.79%, respectively. Delivery times, gestational weeks, and informal pregnancy examinations should be considered in maternal near miss patients. Moreover, hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, postpartum hemorrhage, anemia, thrombocytopenia, hepatopathy, and cardiopathy were the principal causes of maternal near miss. Therefore, the monitoring of these principal causes of severe maternity near miss is important for reducing the maternal morbidity and mortality. Abbreviations: MMR = maternal mortality ratio, MNM = maternal near miss, WHO = World Health Organization.
Metabolic syndrome induced by high fat/high fructose diet in C57BL/6 mice impaired cardiac remodeling during pregnancy; Rationale: Due to the change of life style in the past decades, the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and obesity in women of childbearing age has been increased. Evidences have shown that complications during pregnancy, such as obesity and gestational diabetes, strongly link to future heart diseases. During pregnancy, the heart undergoes a physiological remodeling with mild ventricular dilation and hypertrophy. However, the effects of MetS on cardiac phenotype during pregnancy are not well understood. Moreover, animal models for MetS so far are not well established, which are usually species limited, gender limited and lack of translational significance. Thus, it's important to develop an animal model which resembles the etiology of MetS in human beings. Objective: Establish a model of MetS in female C57BL/6J mice and determine the effects of MetS on cardiac remodeling during pregnancy. Methods and Results: To establish a mouse model of MetS, high fat (49% kcal)/high fructose (35.6% kcal) diet are given to C57BL/6J mice at the age of 8-week. Mice fed with normal diet (10% kcal fat) served as control. To better characterize the model within different genders, male mice are also subjected to the high fat/high fructose (HFHF diet) and control diet. After 12 weeks feeding, mice fed with HFHF diet showed significantly higher body weight and gonadal fat weight compared with control mice in both genders. Also, mice fed with HFHF diet showed impaired glucose tolerance and higher serum total cholesterol level. However, the blood pressure showed no difference between groups in both genders. Overall, the symptoms of obesity, impaired glucose tolerance and dyslipidemia suggest the development of MetS. Female mice after 12-week special diet feeding will be subjected to breeding. Cardiac function is then evaluated by echocardiography before and during pregnancy. Female mice that developed MetS showed impaired cardiac function and pathological remodeling during pregnancy. Conclusion: We've developed a mouse model of MetS in both female and male C57BL/6J mice strain with 12 weeks feeding of HFHF diet, which resemble the western diet that affects human beings nowadays. Females that have MetS showed impaired cardiac function and pathological remodeling during pregnancy.
Metformin for women who are overweight or obese during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes; Background: There has been considerable interest in providing antenatal dietary and lifestyle advice for women with obesity or who are overweight during pregnancy, as a strategy to limit gestational weight gain and improve maternal and infant health. However, such antenatal interventions appear to have a modest effect on gestational weight gain and other clinical pregnancy and birth outcomes and additional strategies are required. Metformin is an oral insulin-sensitising medication that acts to decrease blood glucose concentrations. Metformin is commonly used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus and polycystic ovarian syndrome, and is being used increasingly in the treatment of gestational diabetes, having been shown to result in decreased rates of caesarean birth and neonatal hypoglycaemia. Metformin may be an adjuvant therapy to current antenatal strategies in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, acting to reduce glucose production in the liver and improve glucose uptake in smooth muscle cells, and therefore improve the overall metabolic health of women in pregnancy and reduce the risk of known adverse pregnancy outcomes. Objectives: To evaluate the role of metformin in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, on maternal and infant outcomes, including adverse effects of treatment and costs. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register, ClinicalTrials.gov, the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (11 October 2017), and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: All published and unpublished randomised controlled trials evaluating metformin use (compared with placebo or no metformin) in women with obesity or who are overweight in pregnancy for improving outcomes, alone or in combination with other interventions were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trials for inclusion and risk of bias, extracted data and checked them for accuracy. We used the GRADE approach to assess the quality of the evidence. Main results: We included three studies which randomised women (1099) with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 (1 study) and 35 kg/m2 (2 studies), with outcomes available for 1034 participants. None of the studies assessed women with a BMI between 25 kg/m2and 29.9 kg/m2, therefore we could not assess the use of metformin in women considered overweight. We did not identify studies of metformin in combination with another treatment. Two other studies are ongoing. All three included studies were randomised controlled trials and compared metformin with placebo, commencing early in the second trimester. Doses ranged from 500 mg twice daily to 3.0 g per day. All three studies (two in the UK, one in Egypt) included women attending hospitals for antenatal care. Two studies were generally at a low risk of bias across the majority of domains. We assessed the third study as being at an unclear risk of selection bias, performance and detection bias due to insufficient information in the report. We assessed the trial as being at a low risk of attrition bias and other bias; we felt it was at a high risk of reporting bias. The primary outcome for this review was infant birthweight large-for-gestational-age (> 90th centile for gestational age and infant sex). Women who received metformin or placebo had a similar risk of their baby being born large for his or her gestational age (risk ratio (RR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.70 to 1.30; 2 studies, 831 infants; high-quality evidence). Women who received metformin may have a slightly lower gestational weight gain (mean difference (MD) -2.60 kg, 95% CI -5.29 to 0.10; 3 studies, 899 women; low-quality evidence). Metformin may make little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational hypertension (average RR 1.02, 95% CI 0.54 to 1.94; 3 studies, 1040 women; low-quality evidence) or pre-eclampsia (RR 0.74, 95% CI 0.09 to 6.28; 2 studies, 840 women; low-quality evidence). Metformin probably makes little or no difference in the risk of women developing gestational diabetes (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.19; 3 studies, 892 women; moderate-quality evidence). One study of 400 women reported women receiving metformin were more likely to experience any adverse effect compared with women receiving placebo (RR 1.63, 95% CI 1.27 to 2.08; 1 study, 400 women). Adverse effects included abdominal pain, diarrhoea, or headache. When considering individual side effects, women receiving metformin were more likely to experience diarrhoea than women receiving placebo (RR 2.34, 95% CI 1.74 to 3.14; 797 women; 2 studies, 797 women; high-quality evidence). No other important differences were identified between Metformin and placebo for other maternal secondary outcomes, including: caesarean birth, birth before 37 weeks of pregnancy, shoulder dystocia, perineal tear, or postpartum haemorrhage. In terms of other infant outcomes, there was little or no difference in the infant birthweight (MD 6.39 g, 95% CI -81.15 to 93.92; 2 studies, 834 infants; high-quality evidence). There were no other important differences identified for other infant secondary outcomes in this review: hypoglycaemia (low blood sugar); hyperbilirubinaemia (jaundice); Apgar score less than 7 at five minutes; or stillbirth and neonatal death. Only one study reported admission to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), indicating similar rates of admission between women receiving metformin or placebo; no other admission data were reported to assess differences in costs. Authors' conclusions: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metformin for women with obesity in pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes. Metformin was, however, associated with increased risk of adverse effects, particularly diarrhoea. The quality of the evidence in this review varied from high to low, with downgrading decisions based on study limitations and inconsistency. There were only a small number of studies included in this review. Furthermore, none of the included studies included women categorised as 'overweight' and no trials looked at metformin in combination with another treatment. Future research is required in order to further evaluate the role of metformin therapy in pregnant women with obesity or who are overweight, as a strategy to improve maternal and infant health, alone or as an adjuvant to dietary and lifestyle advice.
Obesity in pregnancy as a model to identify women at risk for later metabolic syndrome; The aim of our study is to identify – in a cohort of obese women – cardiovascular and clinical risk factors in women with previous complicated pregnancies and protective factors in women with previous physiological pregnancies. A total of 135 nonpregnant obese women referring to Policlinico Gemelli in Rome were prospectively collected in 2009–2010. Thirty-two women matched inclusion criteria: 16 reported a previous physiological pregnancy and 16 reported previous obstetric complications. A clinical, instrumental and laboratory evaluation has been performed for each patient. Statistical analysis was performed using StatView Software. Values are expressed as mean ± standard error (SEM). All tests were two-tailed with a confidence level of 95% (p<.05). Statistically significant reduced flow-mediated dilatation (p=.0338), increased serum values of vascular cell adhesion molecule (p=.0154) and higher systolic blood pressure values (p=.0427) have been detected in obese women with previous complicated pregnancies due to gestational diabetes and/or hypertension. In conclusion, obese patients with previous complicated pregnancies develop signs of endothelial dysfunction in the postpartum period. Future research should focus on the early identification of possible molecular mechanisms implicated in the development of glyco-metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in obese patients, since they are at higher risk of metabolic syndrome.
Uterine artery flow velocity waveforms before and after delivery in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy near term; Objective: To compare the uterine artery pulsatility index (UtAPI-AP) before labor and immediate postpartum (UtAPI-PP) in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HTNP) and normotensives near term. Methods: Pregnancies ≥36 weeks admitted for labor induction in our institution from October 2015 to October 2017 were included. We excluded active labor, multiple gestations, fetal demise, and those with inadequate uterine artery sampling. Our primary outcome was to compare the UtAPI-AP and UtAPI-PP between subjects with HTNP (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia with and without severe features) and normotensive participants. Our secondary outcomes were to compare the UtAPI-AP and UtAPI-PP by subgroups (severe HNTP, non-severe HTNP, and controls) and the UtAPI-PP in participants while on MgSO4 and after its discontinuation. A linear regression model was applied to test the above associations. A P < .05 was considered significant. Results: We included 108 women (HTNP = 71; controls = 37). The UtAPI-AP was higher in the HTNP group (.85 ± .3 vs.71 ± .2; P < .001); however, the UtAPI-PP was not different between groups (1.11 ± .3 vs. 1.16 ± .4; P = .46). The UtAPI-AP was higher in the severe HTNP group than controls (P = .004), but there was no significant difference in the UtAPI-PP between subgroups. Our results remained unchanged after adjusting for confounders. The UtAPI while on MgSO4 and after its discontinuation was similar (P = >.99). Conclusion: The increased UtAPI in patients with HTNP resolves soon after delivery. MgSO4 does not seem to have an effect on the UtAPI postpartum.
Waist-height ratio in children of 7 to 11 years with high weight at birth and its relationship with gender, age and diet; Introduction: Obesity (OB), considered as one of the Non-Transmissible Chronic Diseases, has as its fundamental characteristics that of being prevalent at a global level, increasing in number, affecting developed and developing countries, affecting both genders, and all ages and social groups. Objective: To identify if high birth weight is a predictive factor (risk factor) for abdominal obesity in children 7 to 11 years old, and its relationship to gender, age and diet. Method: A case-control descriptive study was carried out with children born between January 1992 and December 1995, in order to identify early risk factors (atherosclerotic accelerators) such as abdominal obesity in children aged 7 to 11, and who have a history of macrosomia or high birth weight, as well as their relationship with gender, age and diet. Results: It was observed that the waist/height value was normal in 60.8% of the study group and in 64.00% in the control group. The difference between groups, gender, and age was not significant (P=.6859). As regards the diet in the study group (macrosomic), there was no significant association between the type of diet and waist circumference/height values, with an χ2=0.223 and P=.6373 (not significant). In the control group (with normal weight at birth), it was found that there is a significant statistical association between the type of diet and waist circumference/height values. This means that it can be stated, with 95% reliability, that the type of diet is associated with waist/height values. Conclusions: High birth weight is not a predictive factor (risk factor) for abdominal obesity (increased waist/height index). Gender and age are independent for abdominal obesity (macrosomic and normal weight at birth). The diet in high birth weight children is not related to the index waist-height index, which is not the case in those born with normal weight under the same conditions. The marked increase in abdominal obesity (Waist/height index) in children between 7 and 11 years old in both groups is worrying.
Birth weight predicts aging trajectory: A hypothesis; Increasing evidence suggests that risk for age-related disease and longevity can be programmed early in life. In human populations, convincing evidence has been accumulated indicating that intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) resulting in low birth weight (<2.5 kg) followed by postnatal catch-up growth is associated with various aspects of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Fetal macrosomia (birth weight > 4.5 kg), by contrast, is associated with high risk of non-diabetic obesity and cancers in later life. Developmental modification of epigenetic patterns is considered to be a central mechanism in determining such developmentally programmed phenotypes. Growth hormone/insulin-like growth factor (GH/IGF) axis is likely a key driver of these processes. In this review, evidence is discussed that suggests that different aging trajectories can be realized depending on developmentally programmed life-course dynamics of IGF-1. In this hypothetical scenario, IUGR-induced deficit of IGF-1 causes “diabetic” aging trajectory associated with various metabolic disorders in adulthood, while fetal macrosomia-induced excessive levels of IGF-1 lead to “cancerous” aging trajectory. If the above reasoning is correct, then both low and high birth weights are predictors of short life expectancy, while the normal birth weight is a predictor of “normal” aging and maximum longevity.
Angular vs. interstitial pregnancy: A case report highlighting diagnostic nuances with stark management differences; Background: In the literature, the terms “angular”, “interstitial” and “cornual” have often been inappropriately interchanged. The consequence is under-recognition of their differences as well as inaccurate imaging guidelines which do not reliably distinguish them as distinct entities. Angular pregnancies should be considered viable and may be managed to term. Case: A woman at 7w5d was transferred for surgical management of a presumed interstitial ectopic pregnancy. Sonography and MRI confirmed an eccentric fundal pregnancy with a thin myometrial mantle of 2–5 mm; the diagnosis of interstitial pregnancy was favored. Upon laparoscopy, the round ligament was displaced lateral to the pregnancy bulge and the diagnosis of angular pregnancy was thus apparent. The pregnancy was continued to term and delivered via repeat cesarean section without incident. Conclusion: Angular and interstitial pregnancies are different entities which cannot always be reliably distinguished via imaging alone. Diagnostic laparoscopy may be a final step in determining pregnancy location. Angular pregnancies should be considered potentially viable and may be managed to term.
Prenatal exposure to preeclampsia as an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring; Introduction: Preeclampsia is a leading cause of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Regarding the offspring, little is known about the long-term complications. The objective of the current study is to assess whether in utero exposure to preeclampsia increases the risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring. Materials and methods: A population-based cohort study compared the incidence of cardiovascular disease between singletons exposed and unexposed to preeclampsia. Deliveries occurred between 1991 and 2014 in a regional tertiary medical center. A Cox proportional hazard model was used to control for confounders. Results: During the study period 231,298 deliveries met the inclusion criteria; 4.1% of the births were to mothers diagnosed with preeclampsia, of which 3.2% with mild preeclampsia (n = 7286), 0.9% with severe preeclampsia (n = 2174) and 0.03% with eclampsia (n = 73). A significant linear association was noted between preeclampsia (no preeclampsia, mild preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia and eclampsia) and cardiovascular disease of the offspring (0.24%, vs. 0.33% vs. 0.51% vs. 2.73% respectively, p < 0.001 using the chi-square test for trends). In the offspring born at term, severe preeclampsia was found to be an independent risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR = 2.32; 95% CI 1.15–4.67). In offspring born preterm, neither severe preeclampsia (adjusted HR = 1.36; 95% CI 0.53–3.48) nor mild preeclampsia (adjusted HR = 0.37; 95% CI 0.52–2.71) were associated with cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. Conclusion: Exposure to severe maternal preeclampsia is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in the offspring born at term.
Novel Homozygous Variant in TTC19 Causing Mitochondrial Complex III Deficiency with Recurrent Stroke-Like Episodes: Expanding the Phenotype; A 7-year-old boy with family history of consanguinity presented with developmental delay and recurrent hemiplegia involving both sides of the body, with variable facial and ocular involvement. Brain MRI showed bilateral striatal necrosis with cystic degeneration and lactate peaks on spectroscopy. Biochemical testing demonstrated mildly elevated lactate and pyruvate. Whole-exome sequencing revealed a novel homozygous pathogenic frameshift mutation in gene TTC19, diagnostic of mitochondrial complex III deficiency.
The prevalence and correlates of severe depression in a cohort of Mexican teachers; Background: Depression is among the 10 major causes of disability in Mexico. Yet, local contextual factors associated to the disorder remain poorly understood. We measured the impact of several factors on severe depression such as demographics, pharmacotherapy, multimorbidity, and unhealthy behaviors in Mexican teachers. Methods: A total of 43,845 Mexican female teachers from 12 Mexican states answered the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9). Data were part the Mexican Teacher's Cohort prospective study, the largest ongoing cohort study in Latin America. Unadjusted and adjusted estimates assessed the impact of several contextual factors between severe versus mild-no depression cases. Results: In total 7026 teachers (16%) had a PHQ9 score compatible with severe depression. From them, only 17% received psychotropics, compared to 60% for those with a formal diagnosis. Less than 5% of teachers with PHQ9 scores compatible with severe depression had a formal diagnosis. Adjusted analysis reported higher odds of pharmacotherapy, having ≥ 3 comorbidities, higher levels of couple, family and work stress, fewer hours of vigorous physical activity, higher alcohol consumption, and smoking as risk factors for severe depression. Also, rural residents of northern and center states appeared more severely depressed compared to their urban counterparts. On average, the PHQ9 scores differed by ~ 10 points between severe and mild-no depressed teachers. Limitations: A cross-sectional design. Also, the study focused on female teachers between ages 25 and 74 years old, reducing the generalizability of the estimates. Conclusion: Under-diagnosis of clinical depression in Mexican teachers is concerning. Unhealthy behavior is associated with severe depression. The information collected in this study represents an opportunity to build prevention mechanisms of depression in high-risk subgroups of female educators and warrants improving access to mental care in Mexico.
Predictive factors of gestational diabetes in pregnancies following assisted reproductive technology: a nested case–control study; Purpose: To evaluate predictive factors for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in singleton pregnancy following assisted reproductive technology (ART). Methods: This nested case–control study was performed during October 2016–June 2017. Pregnant women who conceived following ART procedures referred to infertility clinic were selected and categorized into GDM and non-GDM based on ADA/IAPDSG criteria. The study variables including age, educational status, first-degree family history of chronic diseases, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, previous obstetric and perinatal outcomes, infertility history, and ART cycle characteristics were collected from medical records. Prediction model to develop GDM was employed by binary logistic regression analysis after adjustment for age and body mass index, family history of diabetes, and gravidity. Results: In total, 270 women with singleton pregnancies (consisted of 135 GDM and 135 non-GDM women) conceived were studied. According to the final model, significant predictors of GDM were history of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), previous ovarian hyper-stimulation syndrome (OHSS) risk and progesterone injections. Administration of injectable progesterone during the first 10–12 weeks of pregnancy was associated with an approximately twofold increased risk of developing GDM [odds ratio (OR) 2.28, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.27–4.09)] compared to vaginal progesterone. In addition, the regression analysis revealed that previous OHSS risk (OR 2.40, 95% CI 1.34–4.31) and history of PCOS (OR 2.76, 95% CI 1.26–6.06) were other most important predictors of GDM. Conclusions: The route of progesterone administration, previous OHSS risk and history of PCOS seem to be putative risk factors for GDM in women conceived by ART.
The spectrum of heart disease in pregnancy and its outcome in patients visiting a tertiary care centre of North East: A prospective study; Introduction: An increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease has been found in women of child bearing age which vary between 0.3-3.5%. Heart diseases are the most significant non obstetrical causes of maternal deaths accounting for as much as 20.5% of all cases. Heart disease in pregnancy is a high risk condition with increased risk of maternal and foetal morbidity and mortality; hence it mandates a multidisciplinary approach. Aim: To find out prevalence, spectrum of disorder and outcome in pregnancy with heart disease in a tertiary care centre in North Eastern India. Materials and Methods: In this prospective hospital based, time bound study all pregnant women or puerperia with heart disease during the study period were followed up throughout pregnancy and their feto-maternal outcomes were compared with equal number of women without heart disease. Based on the symptoms all the patients were classified according to NYHA functional classification. Patients were evaluated for development of any cardiac complication, obstetrical complication, and perinatal outcomes. Statistical analysis was performed using the SPSS software package (version 16.0). Results: Total number of pregnant women with heart disease was 55 and prevalence of heart disease in pregnant women admitted during the study period was found to be 2.32%. Congenital heart disease was the most common encountered type 49.09% followed by Rheumatic Heart Disease (RHD) 41.82%. Cardiac complications were present in 18% women and most common complication was congestive cardiac failure (80%). Preterm delivery was significantly higher among the cases (25%). Instrumental deliveries were higher among the cases (23.06% vs. 7.6%). The foetal outcome (live birth) was significantly better in controls. Low birth weight was higher among the cases (34.61% babies among cases and 12.73% babies among controls). Out of all maternal deaths, 10.34% were attributed to cardiac cause. All three mothers who died belonged to NYHA Class 4 and were anaemic. Conclusion: There is a significant shift in trends of spectrum of heart disease with congenital emerging as predominant lesion. This signifies an important change in the trends and spectrum of cardiac disease in our institute with lower incidence of RHD. With better health facilities, pregnant women with congenital heart disease will continue to rise and hence expertise in management of such conditions is imperative in times to come.
In vitro and in vivo experimental studies of PM2.5 on disease progression; Air pollution is a very critical issue worldwide, particularly in developing countries. Particulate matter (PM) is a type of air pollution that comprises a heterogeneous mixture of different particle sizes and chemical compositions. There are various sources of fine PM (PM2.5), and the components may also have different effects on people. The pathogenesis of PM2.5 in several diseases remains to be clarified. There is a long history of epidemiological research on PM2.5 in several diseases. Numerous studies show that PM2.5 can induce a variety of chronic diseases, such as respiratory system damage, cardiovascular dysfunction, and diabetes mellitus. However, the epidemiological evidence associated with potential mechanisms in the progression of diseases need to be proved precisely through in vitro and in vivo investigations. Suggested mechanisms of PM2.5 that lead to adverse effects and chronic diseases include increasing oxidative stress, inflammatory responses, and genotoxicity. The aim of this review is to provide a brief overview of in vitro and in vivo experimental studies of PM2.5 in the progression of various diseases from the last decade. The summarized research results could provide clear information about the mechanisms and progression of PM2.5-induced disease.
Presentation, clinical profile, and prognosis of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA): Results from the VIRGO study; Background—We compared the clinical characteristics and outcomes of young patients with myocardial infarction with nonobstructive coronary arteries (MINOCA) versus obstructive disease (myocardial infarction due to coronary artery disease [MICAD]) and among patients with MINOCA by sex and subtype. Methods and Results—Between 2008 and 2012, VIRGO (Variation in Recovery: Role of Gender on Outcomes of Young AMI Patients) prospectively enrolled acute myocardial infarction patients aged 18 to 55 years in 103 hospitals at a 2:1 ratio of women to men. Using an angiographically driven taxonomy, we defined patients as having MI-CAD if there was revascularization or plaque ≥50% and as having MINOCA if there was <50% obstruction or a nonplaque mechanism. Patients who did not have an angiogram or who received thrombolytics before an angiogram were excluded. Outcomes included 1- and 12-month mortality and functional (Seattle Angina Questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial status. Of 2690 patients undergoing angiography, 2374 (88.4%) had MICAD, 299 (11.1%) had MINOCA, and 17 (0.6%) remained unclassified. Women had 5 times higher odds of having MINOCA than men (14.9% versus 3.5%; odds ratio: 4.84; 95% confidence interval, 3.29–7.13). MINOCA patients were more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% versus 1.3%; P<0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoaguable states than MI-CAD patients (3.0% versus 1.3%; P=0.036). Women with MI-CAD were more likely than those with MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2% versus 41.2%; P<0.001) or to have a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (16.8% versus 11.0%; P=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied: a nonplaque mechanism was identified for 75 patients (25.1%), and their clinical profiles and management also varied. Oneand 12-month mortality with MINOCA and MI-CAD was similar (1-month: 1.1% and 1.7% [P=0.43]; 12-month: 0.6% and 2.3% [P=0.68], respectively), as was adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life (76.5 versus 73.5, respectively; P=0.06). Conclusions—Young patients with MINOCA were more likely women, had a heterogeneous mechanistic profile, and had clinical outcomes that were comparable to those of MI-CAD patients.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on pelvic floor muscle function: Three-dimensional ultrasound; HYPOTHESIS / AIMS OF STUDY: A few studies have reported anatomical changes in levator hiatal dimensions by 3D transperineal ultrasound through gestation, 15,17 but to date, there is a lack of longitudinal studies monitoring the changes in contractility and disten-sibility of PFM. In addition, these studies did not investigate the influence of maternal hyperglycemic environment on changes of PFM function just before the GDM diagnosis and throughout gestation. Therefore the aim of this study wasTo investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on pelvic floor muscle (PFM) contractility and distensibility at two-time points of pregnancy by transperineal three-dimensional (3D) ultrasound. STUDY DESIGN, MATERIALS AND METHODS: Prospective cohort study conducted between 2015 and 2016 was approved by the Research Ethics Committee of the Institution (Protocol Number 972.104). After the knowledge of all procedures a written informed consent was obtained from all subjects. Helsinki Declaration on human experimentation guidelines was respected. The inclusion criteria were pregnant women in their first or second pregnancy with previous elective Cesarean-section, 18-40 years of age, singleton pregnancy and GDM or normo-glycemia diagnosis.18 The exclusion criteria were previous Diabetes Mellitus (type I or II or overt diabetes), multiple pregnancy, previous history of labor during the first pregnancy and/or previous vaginal delivery, prolapse or antiincontinence surgery, PFM training before or during pregnancy, connective tissue diseases, neurological disorders, fail to perform appropriately the sequence and correct mode of PFM contraction and Valsalva maneuver, and inability to perform a maximal Valsalva maneuver for cardiac or pulmonary disease. The sample size calculation was performed using results from a pilot study in which 35 pregnant women normoglycemic and 35 women with GDM were required to detect a 5% change in levator hiatal area (LHarea) with a two sided a of 0.05 and a power of 80%. We included 44 GDM women (GDM group) and 60 normoglycemic pregnant women (NG group) at 24-30 weeks of gestation to preserve the power, taking into account the possibility of women dropout. Personal, clinical, Obstetric and anthropometric data was collected. Transperineal 3D ultrasound was performed at two-time points, between 24-30 weeks of gestation and 36-40 weeks of gestation, in the supine lithotomy position after voiding, using the GE Voluson “I” system with RAB 2-6RS(2-6 MHz) curved array 3D transducer (GE Healthcare, Zipf, Austria). The field of view angle was set to its maximum of 70° in the sagittal plane and 85° in the coronal plane.16,19 Imaging data sets were taken at rest, during maximal voluntary PFM contraction and during maximal Valsalva maneuver by a trained and experient investigator (CISF) in transperineal 3D ultrasound and differentiated by colors. The images at rest were acquired only as a basal measure to calculate the function index variables. The ultrasonographic images were stored offline by anonymous code numbers. Analysis of the LH dimensions were carried out using 4D View - version 14 Ext 3 (GE Healthcare) software program and all data sets were analyzed in random order, which was blinded to all participant data. All measurements of the LH area were determined in the axial plane of minimal hiatal dimensions, identified in the mid-sagittal image as the minimal distance between the inferior margin of symphysis pubis and the anorectal junction, using render mode. Volume rendering is a technique used to display a two-dimensional projection of a 3D structure. 27 The area of the LH (LHarea) in cm2. RESULTS: A total of 83 participants were included in the final analysis, 38 in GDM group and 45 in NG group. Table 1 shows baseline variables. Table 2 compares Absolute Values at 24-30 Weeks of Gestation and 36-40 Weeks of Gestation and on Gestational Progress of Levator Hiatal Area. INTERPRETATION OF RESULTS: A new and interesting finding of our study is that GDM had negative impact on PFM with decrease in contractility, dis-tensibility and mobility. Analysis of our results showed a weak muscle at 24-30 weeks of gestation, demonstrated by a larger LHarea during contraction, meaning a less muscle contractility. The increase of these dimensions during contraction is inversely proportional to contractile function capacity of the muscle. A soft muscle was identified at 24-30 weeks of gestation, showed by a larger LHarea on distension and although this distension has been considered a physiological adaptation in pregnancy, in GDM group it was deeper. At 36-40 weeks of gestation we found a smaller LHarea during distension characterizing a stiff muscle with less muscle distensibility. CONCLUDING MESSAGE: In conclusion, based on these results, we identified that GDM have a relevant impact on pelvic floor function detected by 3D ultrasound, characterized by decrease in contractility, distensibility from 24-30 to 36-40 weeks of gestation.
Risk factors for hyperglycemia in pregnancy in the DALI study differ by period of pregnancy and OGTT time point; Objective: Risk factors are widely used to identify women at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) without clear distinction by pregnancy period or oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) time points. We aimed to assess the clinical risk factors for Hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HiP) differentiating by these two aspects. Design and methods: Nine hundred seventy-one overweight/obese pregnant women, enrolled in the DALI study for preventing GDM. OGTTs were performed at ≤19 + 6, 24–28 and 35–37 weeks (IADPSG/WHO2013 criteria). Women with GDM or overt diabetes at one time point did not proceed to further OGTTs. Potential independent variables included baseline maternal and current pregnancy characteristics. Statistical analysis: Multivariate logistic regression. Results: Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes were at ≤19 + 6 weeks, previous abnormal glucose tolerance (odds ratio (OR): 3.11; 95% CI: 1.41–6.85), previous GDM (OR: 2.22; 95% CI: 1.20–4.11), neck circumference (NC) (OR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.06–2.36 for the upper tertile), resting heart rate (RHR, OR: 1.99; 95% CI: 1.31–3.00 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 24–28 weeks, previous stillbirth (OR: 2.92; 95% CI: 1.18-7.22), RHR (OR: 3.32; 95% CI: 1.70-6.49 for the upper tertile) and recruitment site; at 35–37 weeks, maternal height (OR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.20–0.87 for upper tertile). Clinical characteristics independently associated with GDM/overt diabetes differed by OGTT time point (e.g. at ≤19 + 6 weeks, NC was associated with abnormal fasting but not postchallenge glucose). Conclusion: In this population, most clinical characteristics associated with GDM/overt diabetes were non-modifiable and differed by pregnancy period and OGTT time point. The identified risk factors can help define the target population for future intervention trials.
Acute responses to structured aerobic and resistance exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Research on the acute responses to exercise in pregnancy is scarce, especially for women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate responses to a single bout of exercise performed multiple times throughout the pregnancy in women diagnosed with GDM. Data from 18 pregnant women (aged: 32.8 ± 3.8) diagnosed with GDM, treated with diet only, were analyzed. Participants' pre-pregnancy body mass index was 24.4 ± 4.9 kg/m2 , 50% of them were nulliparous, and 50% of the sample regularly exercised before the pregnancy. The exercise intervention consisted of an individual structured aerobic and resistance exercise program performed twice per week from the time of diagnosis until at least the 36th week of pregnancy. The exercise program included 20 minutes of aerobic exercise, 20-25 minutes of resistance exercise, and 10 minutes of cool down. Maternal heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, temperature and fetal heart rate were measured at every exercise session, along with blood glucose on 3 occasions. In total, 365 exercise sessions were analyzed (85 in the second trimester and 280 in the third trimester), on average 20.3 ± 7.7 per participant. Heart rate and fetal heart rate were elevated during both the aerobic and resistance parts of the exercise session (P < .01) in comparison with the baseline while systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not change in the total sample. There was a slight elevation in tympanic membrane temperature during the aerobic part of the session (P < .01). All parameters returned to baseline levels by the end of the session. Glucose levels dropped from the baseline, from 4.7 ± 0.6 to 3.9 ± 0.4 mmol/L (P < .01). There were no differences in responses to exercise between the second and third trimesters, nor between pre-pregnancy exercisers and non-exercisers. The combination of aerobic and resistance exercise for women diagnosed with GDM does not have harmful short-term effects if performed according to guidelines. Likewise, exercise can be considered useful for controlling hyperglycemia in pregnancy for women affected by GDM.
Survivin from FLK1+ endothelial progenitor cells in the developing embryo ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced neural tube defects through exosome; Neural tube defects (NTDs) are among the most common and severe structural birth defects and maternal diabetes induces NTDs. During mouse embryonic development, blood vessel formation initially occurs in the yolk sac, preceding neurulation which takes place from embryonic day 8 (E8) to E10.5. Our previous studies have demonstrated that maternal diabetes induces embryonic vasculopathy at early embryonic developmental stage. We hypothesize that early vasculopathy accounts for late failed neural tube closure in diabetic pregnancy. To test this hypothesis, we created the Flk1 promoter driven survivin (the cell cycle-regulated apoptosis inhibitor) transgenic mice. Maternal diabetes induced the loss of Flk1+ progenitors, impaired blood island formation and reduced blood vessel densities. Expression of survivin in the Flk1+ progenitors ameliorated diabetes-induced NTDs. Under nondiabetic conditions, survivin overexpression did not affect embryonic development. Overexpression of survivin significantly reduced diabetes-induced NTDs. Flk1+ progenitors produced survivin-containing exosomes. Immunocytochemistry staining indicated that survivin-containing exosomes were transported and incorporated into cells of the developing neuroepithelium, leading to blockage of neuroepithelial cell apoptosis induced by maternal diabetes. Furthermore, we isolated exosomes from Flk1+ progenitors derived from E7.5 embryos. In utero delivery of the survivincontaining exosomes by microinjection into the amniotic cavity of diabetic mice at E9 significantly inhibited maternal diabetes-induced neuroepithelial cell apoptosis and reduced NTDs. Taken together, these data revealed that the cross-talk between the extra-embryonic structures and the developing neuroepithelium through the survivin-containing exosome plays a critical role for the proper neural tube closure.
Visiting the dentist may help diagnose prediabetes; Diabetes is a well-known risk factor for periodontal and dental diseases. Despite increasing diabetes awareness, up to a third of diabetes cases remain undiagnosed. We assumed that a visit at the dentist's is an opportunity to assess one's glucose tolerance. We conducted a nationwide crosssectional study evaluating whether a dentist can help diagnose diabetes in at-risk subjects. The study was performed between March and June 2017. Thirty dental surgeries across the country participated in the study. Each surgery was given 20 laboratory referral notes for free fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement to be handed over to 20 consecutive eligible individuals who gave their consent to take part in the study. The referred patients were asked to perform FPG test during the following 4 weeks. The study inclusion criteria were: age ≥18 years, any degree of any dental or periodontal disease, presence of at least one diabetes risk factor (i.e., BMI ≥25 kg/m2, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, past gestational diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease, policystic ovary syndrome) and negative history of any glucose intolerance. Out of 600 referred patients, 469 (78.2%, 330 [70.4%] women, mean [±SD] age 53.7±15.4 years) had FPG assessed. Mean FPG in all subjects was 97.2±20.9 mg/dl (range 63-377 mg/dl). In 140 subjects (29.9% of those tested and 23.3% of those referred) impaired fasting glucose (IFG; i.e., FPG ≥100 and <126 mg/dl) was diagnosed. 19 subjects had FPG ≥126 mg/dl. IFG subjects were older than those with normal FPG: 60.1±12.6 vs. 50.9±15.7 years (p<0.001), and were more often men (40% vs. 27%; p<0.01). Odds ratio for IFG in subjects aged ≥60 vs. those <60 years was 3.413 (95% CI 2.215-5.264). In conclusion, approx. every fourth patient with at least one diabetes risk factor visiting the dentist's presents with IFG. Dentists should be concerned about prediabetes particularly in their male patients aged ≥60. Increasing diabetes awareness among the dentists may help diagnose prediabetes and thus further prevent diabetes.
Blood pressure patterns and subsequent coronary artery calcification in women who delivered preterm births; Women who delivered preterm infants have excess cardiovascular disease, but vascular pathways linking these conditions are not understood. We considered that higher blood pressure over 25 years among women with preterm delivery may be associated with coronary artery calcification (CAC). The CARDIA study (Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults) enrolled 1049 black and white women with births between 1985 and 2010 (n=272 ever preterm [<37 weeks]; n=777 all term births [≥37 weeks]). Latent mixture modeling identified blood pressure trajectories across 20 years, and these were related to CAC at years 20 and 25. Three systolic blood pressure (SBP) patterns were identified: low stable (n=563; 53%), moderate (n=416; 40%), and moderate increasing (n=70; 7%). Women with moderate-increasing SBP were more likely to have delivered preterm compared with those in the low-stable group (40% versus 21%; P<0.0001), and they were more likely to have CAC (38.5% versus 12.2%). The SBP and CAC association varied by preterm birth (P interaction=0.04). Women with preterm delivery and a moderate-increasing SBP had a 2.17-fold higher hazards of CAC (95% confidence interval, 1.14-4.12) compared with women with term births and a lower SBP pattern, adjusted for cardiovascular disease risk factors and other pregnancy features. There was no excess CAC in women with moderate-increasing SBP and term births (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.02; 95% confidence interval, 0.49-2.14). Associations were stronger in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy but also detected in those with normotensive preterm deliveries. Women who deliver preterm infants are more likely to follow a high-risk blood pressure pattern throughout the childbearing years that is associated with CAC at midlife.
Abnormal retinal function and vasculature in mouse neonates with hyperglycemic mother after oxygen-induced retinopathy; Purpose: Recent studies showed that diabetic mothers have a higher risk of delivering babies preterm, which may lead to retinopathy of prematurity in their babies. The association between maternal diabetes and retinopathy of prematurity is still unclear. To investigate the pathological changes in the retina of neonates with hyperglycemic mothers after oxygen-induced retinopathy (OIR), mouse pups generated by Ins2 female mothers were used. Methods: Hyperglycemic heterozygous Ins2 mouse mothers and their neonates were first placed in an oxygen-controlled chamber with 75% oxygen from postnatal day (P)7 to P12. They were then returned to normal room air environment (RA) with 21% oxygen after P12. Mouse retinal function on P17, P21 and P30 was measured using electroretinography (ERG). To assess for changes in the retinal vasculature, retinal whole mounts were collected on P7, P12, P17, P21, and P30. The retinal blood vessels were visualized by immunohistochemistry using isolectin B4. Akita/+ Akita/+ Results: Neuroretinal function was investigated using scotopic ERG. Normal retinal function was observed from P17 to P30 under room air condition. However, both a- wave and b- wave amplitudes decreased significantly after OIR on P17, P21 and P30 (p<0.05). To examine the retinal vasculature development in OIR pups under the care of hyperglycemic mother, immunoreactivity for isolectin GS-IB4 in retinal whole mounts was analyzed. The retinal vasculature of RA group developed normally from P12, P17, P21, to P30 with no obvious abnormalities. However, the retinae after OIR showed distinct abnormalities. Avascular area with minimal isolectin B4 immunoreactivity was observed on P12, P17 and P21 with slower revascularization. Yet, almost complete revascularization was detected on P30. Conclusions: Retinal function and vascular development of pups were not affected by maternal hyperglycemia under room air condition. However, abnormal neuroretinal function and retinal vasculature were obvious after OIR.
Transitional hemodynamics in infants of diabetic mothers by targeted neonatal echocardiography, electrocardiography and peripheral flow study; Objective: Metabolic alterations of intrauterine environment in diabetes mellitus (DM) lead to fetal cardiac dysfunctions that can persist after birth. The aim of the study was to assess the cardiovascular adaptation in infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) with different degrees of glycometabolic control, in relation to revised guidelines for diagnosis of DM and quality improvements in neonatal care. Materials and methods: An observational case-control study was conducted on IDM with gestational, type 1 and type 2 DM. Relevant maternal and neonatal anamnestic, clinical and laboratory data were analyzed. Electrocardiographic and echocardiographic analyses, including structural and systo-diastolic evaluation, were performed. Results: In 68 IDM enrolled, we observed a lower incidence of negative perinatal outcome than expected. Comparing to non-IDM, they presented larger fetal shunts, higher pulmonary pressures, early and atrial wave velocities. At 72 hours, kinesis and heart rate variability remained low. Cerebral blood flow velocities were higher. The most serious impairment of transition was in pregestational IDM. Conclusion: Maternal DM impaired neonatal transitional hemodynamics also in asymptomatic IDM with good glycometabolic control. These results confirm the need for an early cardiologic and cerebrovascular evaluation, to identify IDM with delayed maturation at risk of worse long-term metabolic, cardiovascular, and neurodevelopmental outcome.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in women with prior gestational diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis; This study aims to investigate the effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). PubMed and other databases were searched up to August 31, 2017. Cohort studies evaluating risk of CVD postpartum in women with and without prior GDM were included. Random-effect model was used to estimate the pooled relative risk of CVD. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were performed to check the consistency of the effect size and to explore sources of heterogeneity. Multivariable logistic regression was used to control for high heterogeneity. Seven cohort studies with 3,417,020 pregnant women including 14,146 incident CVD events were retrieved. In the pooled analysis, women with previous GDM had a higher risk of CVD than those without (RR: 1.74, 95%CI: 1.28–2.35, I2 = 95.7%). Four studies reported the event of coronary artery disease (CAD) and two studies reported stroke. The overall RR for CAD was 2.09 (95%CI: 1.56–2.80, I2 = 91.2%) and that for stroke was 1.25 (95%CI: 1.07–1.48). In view of the high level of heterogeneity, adjustments were made for this, with the resulting adjusted OR for CVD and CAD being 1.95 (95%CI: 1.83–2.08) and 1.59 (95%CI: 1.30–1.94). Women with prior GDM have increased risk of CVD.
Management of Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy; The spectrum of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) ranges from mild snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, the most severe form of SDB. Current recommendations are to treat these women with continuous positive airway pressure despite limited data. SDB in early and mid-pregnancy is associated with preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with a diagnosis of obstructive sleep apnea at delivery were at significantly increased risk of having cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, pulmonary embolism, and in-hospital death. These effects were exacerbated in the presence of obesity. Postpartum, these women are at risk for respiratory suppression and should be monitored.
Pregestational Diabetes in Pregnancy; Diabetes is a common chronic condition in women of reproductive age. Preconception care is crucial to reducing the risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, abnormal fetal growth, traumatic delivery and stillbirth, associated with poor glycemic control. Insulin is the preferred medication to optimize glucose control in women with pregestational diabetes. Frequent dose adjustments are needed during pregnancy to achieve glycemic goals, and team-based multidisciplinary care may help. Postpartum care should include lactation support, counseling on contraceptive options, and transition to primary care.
Parental ethnicity and placental maternal vascular malperfusion pathology in healthy nulliparous women; Introduction: Rates of some placental-associated pregnancy complications vary by ethnicity, though the strength of association with underlying placental pathology is presently unknown. Our objective was to determine whether an association between ethnicity and placental pathology occurs in low-risk pregnancies. Methods: 829 low-risk nulliparous pregnant women were prospectively studied. Data were obtained from standardized obstetrical appointments (clinical history, serum biomarkers, placental ultrasound) and hospital delivery records (pregnancy complications, delivery details and perinatal outcomes). Placental pathology was performed in all subjects using standard criteria. Results: In our cohort, 72% of women were Caucasian, 14% East Asian, 8% South Asian, 4% Afro-Caribbean and 3% Hispanic women. 81% of couples were concordant (same ethnic background) and 19% discordant (mixed ethnicities). South Asian women had the highest rate of small for gestational age (SGA) birth (customized birthweight <10th percentile) (24.2%), which was associated with the placental features of uteroplacental vascular insufficiency (placental weight <10th percentile with decidual vasculopathy, focal infarction, and/or syncytial knot formation) (p = 0.05). Placental efficiency varied significantly by ethnicity; Caucasian women had the highest efficiency (7.1 ± 1.2) and Afro-Caribbean women the lowest (6.5 ± 0.9) (p < 0.003). Afro-Caribbean women had the highest rate of marginal cord insertion. Placental efficiency, was higher in concordant vs. discordant couples (7.0 ± 1.2 vs. 6.8 ± 1.1; p < 0.05). Placental histopathology was not affected by parental ethnic discordance. Discussion: Maternal ethnicity influences placental efficiency and relationship between uteroplacental vascular insufficiency and SGA birth, but was not associated with other placental pathologies. Discordant parental ethnicity did not affect the development of placental pathologies or adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Maternal and Early Perinatal Outcomes of Triplet Pregnancy: Study of 82 Triplets from a Single Perinatal Centre in South India; Objectives: To study the recent trends in maternal and perinatal outcomes of triplet pregnancy from a perinatal centre in South India. Methods: All triplet pregnancies booked at Fernandez hospital, Hyderabad (a tertiary care perinatal centre in South India), or those referred between 2000 and 2014 were included in the study. The maternal, fetal and neonatal outcome and any interventions like cerclage, steroid administration were studied. Results: There were 82 triplet deliveries over the study period of 15 years (82 per 69,584 live births). Most of them (78%) conceived with assistance and 83% of the triplets were trichorionic triamniotic. Anaemia and pregnancy induced hypertension were the commonest medical disorders (40.2 and 22%, respectively). Mean gestational age at delivery was 32 ± 2.8 weeks and 91% were delivered by caesarean section. Preterm labour and preterm pre-labour rupture of membranes were present in 29 and 15%, respectively. Antenatal steroids were administered in 87.8 and 53.7% had a cerclage. There were 20.7% growth restricted fetuses and 5.6% still births among the triplets. The mean birthweight among the live born neonates was 1.5 kg, and birthweight discordancy of >25% was seen in 14%. Among the live born neonates, 80% required admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, 11% had culture positive sepsis, 3% had bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and 4% died during the hospital stay. None of them had periventricular leukomalacia or retinopathy requiring LASER. Mothers in the spontaneous conception group were younger and had more monochorionic triamniotic pregnancies than in the assisted conception groups (11.8 vs. 2.9%, p = 0.001). The incidence of PPROM was significantly more in the spontaneous conception group than in the ovulation induction, intrauterine insemination groups (29.4 vs. 2.9%, p = 0.03), we do not have an explanation for this. There was no difference in the other maternal, fetal or neonatal parameters based on the mode of conception. Conclusion: Though triplet pregnancies are encountered infrequently, obstetricians should be familiar with their management. Appropriate antenatal, perinatal care with neonatal support can result in optimal outcome.
Canadian stroke best practice consensus statement: Secondary stroke prevention during pregnancy; The Canadian Stroke Best Practice Consensus Statement: Secondary Stroke Prevention during Pregnancy, is the first of a two-part series devoted to stroke in pregnancy. This document focuses on unique aspects of secondary stroke prevention in a woman with a prior history of stroke or transient ischemic attack who is, or is planning to become, pregnant. Although stroke is relatively rare in this cohort, several aspects of pregnancy can increase stroke risk during or immediately after pregnancy. The rationale for the development of this consensus statement is based on the premise that stroke in this group requires a specifically-tailored management approach. No other broad-based, stroke-specific guidelines or consensus statements exist currently. Underpinning the development of this document was the concept that maternal health is vital for fetal wellbeing; therefore, management decisions should be based on the confluence of two clinical considerations: (a) decisions that would be made if the patient was not pregnant and (b) decisions that would be made if the patient had not had a stroke. While empirical research in this area is limited, this consensus document is based on the best available literature and guided by expert consensus. Issues addressed in this document include general management considerations for secondary stroke prevention, the use of antithrombotics, blood pressure management, lipid management, diabetes care, and management for specific ischemic stroke etiologies in pregnancy. The focus is on maternal and fetal health while minimizing risks of a recurrent stroke, through counseling, monitoring, and the safety of select pharmacotherapy. These statements are appropriate for health care professionals across all disciplines.
Blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: associations with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors; Aim/Hypothesis: This cross-sectional, observational, controlled study examined cerebral oxygenation during exercise, an index of cerebrovascular function and cortical activation, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and unaffected pregnancies. The association of cerebral oxygenation with macrovascular and cardiovascular function indices was also evaluated. Material and Methods: Vascular function and structure [aortic pulse-wave-velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AI), carotid intima-media thickness], as well as 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (BP) were assessed in women with GDM (n = 21) and uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 16), at 26–32 gestational weeks. Changes in cerebral oxygenation [oxy- (O2Hb), deoxy- (HHb) and total- (tHb) hemoglobin] were continuously recorded by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) during intermittent handgrip exercise. Beat-by-beat BP and systemic vascular resistance (SVR) were assessed (Finapres). Results: Women with GDM had higher AI than controls. During exercise, women with GDM maintained a smaller force (p < 0.05), despite similar ratings of perceived exertion. Despite similar increases in BP during exercise, the GDM group exhibited a lower average and total (AUC) increase in cerebral-O2Hb than controls (p < 0.05). In addition, GDM exhibited a slower rate of cerebral-O2Hb decay during recovery (p < 0.05). SVR was lower in GDM compared to controls throughout the protocol (p < 0.01). Cerebral oxygenation indices were correlated with PWV and AI (p < 0.05). Conclusions: This study provided novel evidence for blunted cerebral oxygenation during exercise in women with GDM compared to uncomplicated pregnancies, suggesting a link between reduced cerebrovascular function with exercise intolerance in GDM. Cerebral oxygenation during physical stress was correlated with macrovascular function and cardiovascular risk factors. More studies are needed to examine whether this impaired cerebral oxygenation reflects early cerebrovascular disease.
Epidemiology of diabetes and diabetic complications in China; The People’s Republic of China (herein referred to as China) has witnessed one of the most dramatic rises in diabetes prevalence anywhere in the world. The latest epidemiological study suggests that approximately 11% of the population has diabetes, with a significant proportion remaining undiagnosed. Risk factors for diabetes in the Chinese population are similar to those in other populations, though gestational diabetes and young-onset diabetes is becoming increasingly common. Data on the prevalence of diabetic complications remain limited, though cardio–renal complications account for significant morbidity and mortality. Other diabetes-related comorbidities are becoming increasingly common, with cancer emerging as a major cause of mortality among individuals with diabetes. There are many challenges and obstacles that impede effective diabetes prevention and the delivery of care, though much progress has occurred over recent years. Lessons learnt from how China has responded to the challenges posed by the diabetes epidemic will be invaluable for other countries facing the many threats of diabetes and its complications.
Diabetes in South Asians: Phenotype, Clinical Presentation, and Natural History; Purpose of Review: South Asia is one of the epicenters of the global diabetes pandemic. Diabetes in south Asians has certain peculiar features with respect to its pathophysiology, clinical presentation, and management. This review aims to summarize some of the recent evidence pertaining to the distinct diabetes phenotype in south Asians. Recent Findings: South Asia has high incidence and prevalence rates of diabetes. The progression from “pre-diabetes” to diabetes also occurs faster in this population. Pancreatic beta cell dysfunction seems to be as important as insulin resistance in the pathophysiology of diabetes in south Asians. Recent evidence suggests that the epidemic of diabetes in south Asia is spreading to rural areas and to less affluent sections of society. Summary: Diabetes in south Asians differs significantly from that in white Caucasians, with important implications for prevention, diagnosis, and management.
Sex Differences in the Burden and Complications of Diabetes; Purpose of the Review: To review the latest evidence on sex differences in the burden and complications of diabetes and discuss the potential explanations for the sex differences described. Recent Findings: Diabetes is a strong risk factor for vascular disease, with compelling evidence that the relative risks of vascular diseases conferred by diabetes are considerably greater in women than men. The mechanisms underpinning women’s excess relative risk of vascular disease from diabetes are unknown. Sex differences in the health care provided for the prevention, management, and treatment of diabetes and its complications could contribute to women’s greater excess relative risks of diabetes complications. However, since the excess risk of vascular disease is not seen for other major vascular risk factors, inherent biological factors may be more likely to be involved. In addition to other cardiometabolic pathways, the sex dimorphism in body composition and fat distribution may be particularly important in explaining women’s greater excess risk of the vascular complications of diabetes. Summary: There is strong evidence to suggest that diabetes is a stronger risk factor for vascular disease in women than men. Although several mechanisms may be involved, further research is needed to provide new and deeper insights into the mechanisms underpinning sex differences in the association between diabetes and vascular diseases. Such research will inform patients, health care professionals, and policy makers to ensure that women are not disproportionately affected by diabetes, and will help to reduce the burden in both sexes.
The Influence of Lipid and Proinflammatory Status on Maternal Uterine Blood Flow in Women With Late Onset Gestational Diabetes; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased proinflammatory cytokines and is also associated with adverse cardiovascular disease (CVD) outcomes later in life. We aim to evaluate the relationships between uterine arteries vascularization and endothelial dysfunction markers, proinflammatory cytokines, and glycemic and lipid profile in women with GDM. Methods: Fifty pregnant women were recruited at the third trimester of pregnancy for a prospective cohort study. They were classified into 2 groups: control and GDM. Comparisons of maternal plasma concentrations of endothelial dysfunction markers (vascular cell adhesion molecule 1, intercellular adhesion molecule 1, and plasminogen activator inhibitor 1), proinflammatory cytokines and mediators (interleukin 6 [IL-6], tumor necrosis factor α, vascular endothelial growth factor, placental growth factor, leptin, leukocyte count, and C-reactive protein), lipid profile, glucose, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels were performed. Mean uterine arteries Doppler pulsatility index (PI) was calculated and the relationships between the variables and PI were also analyzed. Results: Women with GDM showed higher proinflammatory cytokines, however, endothelial dysfunction markers were similar in both groups. In the diabetic group, significant correlations were found between the mean uterine arteries PI and maternal IL-6 (r =.56, P =.01), triglycerides (r =.49; P =.03), total cholesterol/high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ratio (r =.61; P =.006), glucose (r =.62, P =.005), and glycosylated hemoglobin (r =.48; P =.03). A negative significant correlation between mean uterine arteries PI and HDLc (r = −.58; P =.02) was also found. Conclusion: The proinflammatory status, hyperlipidemia, and metabolic control correlate with uterine blood flow velocity waveforms in women with gestational diabetes.
Prevention of Excessive Gestational Weight Gain and Postpartum Weight Retention; Purpose of Review: The purpose of this review is to summarize the current evidence on the prevention of excessive gestational weight gain (GWG) and reduction of postpartum weight retention (PPWR) by lifestyle intervention and pharmacotherapy. Recent Findings: Recent findings demonstrate that tailored nutrition counseling and adapting certain eating patterns, supervised exercise programs aiming at achieving at least moderate level of physical activity, and interactive and monitored behavior change interventions are effective in reducing excessive GWG and PPWR. Among the pharmacologic agents, Metformin has been shown to reduce GWG. Summary: Excessive GWG and PPWR are associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Recent evidence shows that weight during gestation and the postpartum period can be significantly reduced by more frequent nutrition counseling sessions on balanced diet focusing on healthier food choices and eating patterns, supervised moderate-intensity exercise for at least 30 min three times a week, and interactive behavior change interventions with regular feedback and follow-up. The benefits on weight are seen when these interventions are utilized together in a multimodality approach. Metformin is effective in preventing excessive GWG but has no impact on neonatal outcomes.
Prediabetes Directly Deteriorates into Diabetic Ketoacidosis and Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Syndrome Triggered by Acute Pancreatitis: A Case Report Illustrating a “Chicken and Egg” Paradigm in Ketosis-Prone Diabetes; Introduction: Diabetic crises occur most often in patients with type 1 diabetes and occasionally in type 2 diabetes, especially under stressful conditions. However, a diabetic crisis occurring directly from prediabetes is an unusual phenomenon. Case Report: A 45-year-old woman presented with postprandial left upper quadrant abdominal pain, nausea, and vomiting. She had a past medical history of prediabetes with impaired fasting glucose and HbA1c 6.4%. On admission, routine laboratory tests showed high anion gap metabolic acidosis (pH 6.92), anion gap 41 mmol/L, blood glucose 931 mg/dL, beta-hydroxybutyrate 28 mmol/L, and calculated effective osmolarity 322 mOsm/kg; she was diagnosed with diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) and hyperosmolar hyperglycemic syndrome (HHS), and DKA-related abdominal pain. Later, the patient was found to have elevated lipase and amylase, and diagnosed with acute pancreatitis. Since DKA can induce abdominal pain and nonspecific lipase elevation, both of which are characteristics of acute pancreatitis, while acute pancreatitis can conversely trigger DKA, there exists a “chicken and egg” paradigm. Therefore, the differential diagnosis is discussed. Conclusion: It is important to differentiate DKA from concomitant causes of abdominal pain to avoid missing the underlying etiology, which can be the trigger for DKA. During diabetic crises, treating the underlying trigger is just as important as managing metabolic derangements in order to achieve favorable outcomes; meanwhile, managing acute pancreatitis-associated hyperglycemia can promote recovery. Additionally, diabetic crisis that directly evolves from prediabetes illustrates an atypical form of diabetes called ketosis-prone diabetes; we briefly discuss its clinical characteristics, classification, and follow-up.
Risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia: analysis of 1396 cases; Preeclampsia is a major cause of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes, but how to identify women and fetuses at increased risk for later adverse events is a challenge. This study aimed to investigate the risk factors for adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in women with preeclampsia. Data from 1396 women with preeclampsia were retrospectively collected and analyzed. Eighteen candidate risk factors and 12 adverse outcomes were investigated. The following factors were found to be significantly associated with at least one adverse outcome: maternal age 35 years or older, multiple birth, the usage of assisted reproductive technology, living in a rural area, history of pregnancy-induced hypertension, male fetus, multigravida, or having polycystic ovary syndrome, hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count syndrome, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy, cardiovascular disease, gestational diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, thyroid disease, or liver disease. Compared with patients without any identified risk factors, patients with preeclampsia with three or more risk factors were at increased risk for severe adverse outcomes. Those findings demonstrated that maternal risk factors could be used as indicators supplementary to clinical symptoms and laboratory test results for the risk assessment in women with preeclampsia.
Urine protein-to-creatinine ratio: A point of care for the diagnosis of preeclampsia; BACKGROUND: The aim of this study was to determine the correlation between the urine protein-creatinine ratio (UPCR) and the 24-hour urine protein excretion test (UPET), and to identify the optimal threshold values of UPCR for the diagnosis of preeclampsia and its severe form. METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 81 hypertensive pregnant patients who had a 24-h UPET and a UPCR tests. Two groups were created using a UPCR cut-off of 23.2 mg/mmol (40 negative UPCR, 41 positive UPCR). RESULTS: Forty-nine patients of were diagnosed with preeclampsia, and 23 of them had a severe disease. There was a significant correlation between UPCR and 24-h UPET. A cut-off UPCR value of 23.2 mg/mmol had an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.27, sensitivity of 89%, specificity 88%, positive predictive value 90%, a positive likelihood ratio (+LR) of 7.41 and a negative likelihood ratio (-LR) of 0.13 for the diagnosis of preeclampsia. UPCR value of 325 mg/mmol had an AUC of 0.841, and a sensitivity of 83%, specificity 81%, positive predictive value 81%, +LR of 4.4 and -LR of 0.2 for the diagnosis of severe preeclampsia. CONCLUSIONS: The UPCR test is highly correlated with the 24-h UPET. We propose a novel and sensitive cut-off for the diagnosis of preeclampsia by UPCR test. The UPCR test can be used for the identification of hypertensive patients with preeclampsia and severe disease.
Social media-assisted prenatal lifestyle education for first nations women living in rural or remote communities in manitoba; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a potent and independent risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes in women and their offspring. Diabetes accelerates the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. Recent studies from the International Weight Management in Pregnancy Collaborative Group demonstrated that prenatal education on dietary intake and physical activity reduces the risk for gestational weight gain, GDM and the requirement for cesarean section. The participation rate of pregnant women in prenatal education program in rural or remote First Nations communities is low due to geographical, socioeconomic and historical reasons. Most pregnant women in those communities have smartphone and access to social media. We hypothesize that social media-assisted education may improve the participation of rural-living Indigenous women to prenatal education and pregnancy outcome. Methods: We developed a Facebook-linked website, www.momsinmotion. ca, to deliver prenatal and breastfeeding in 3 rural and remote First Nations communities. The content includes video/audio education on healthy eating, physical activity, diabetes/obesity prevention and breastfeeding promotion. The website was advertised through community radio/TV station and workshops. Pregnant women in the communities can sign up through internet or smartphones to access the information. Results: A total of 81 out of 220 pregnant women signed up for the e-education from the 3 rural or remote communities from July, 2015 to December, 2016, which represented 37% of total pregnancies in the com-munities. The prenatal education delivery rate was increased by 3 times (p<0.001) compared to that in 2011-13 in those communities (12%). In addition, the rate of GDM in the communities was significantly reduced compared to that before the launch of the e-education program (4% versus 11%, p<0.01). Conclusions: Social media-assisted e-education increases the participation of prenatal education of rural-living Indigenous pregnant women and potentially improves maternal-fetal outcomes and long-term health of people in the communities (supported by the Lawson Foundation).
Transgenerational implications of gestational diabetes and maternal adiposity for offspring body composition and diastolic function: 6 years follow-up; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and maternal adiposity are associated with offspring cardiovascular risks including disturbed diastolic heart function. Fetal programming has been considered as an underlying mechanism. We aimed to investigate the influence of GDM and maternal adiposity on child body composition and diastolic heart function 6 years postpartum. Methods: The observational follow-up study included 201 mother-child pairs (boys, n=111), a subcohort from the RADIEL-Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. Mothers and children were recruited at a mean of 6,1 (+/-0,5) years postpartum. GDM was diagnosed in 96 mothers, 36 of whom required oral or insulin treatment. The follow-up assessment included child echocardiography, child and maternal anthropometrics, body composition assessed with bioelectrical impedance and blood pressure. Results: Maternal height, lean body mass and body fat mass were mirrored in offspring. Maternal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI 30,5 +/-5,6 kg/m2) correlated with child BMI z-score (r=0,2; p=0,006; mean z-score 0,45 +/-0,93 kg/m2 in relation to a national population). Left atrial volume (LAV) correlated with child age, anthropometrics and body composition (Table 1). In a stepwise linear regression model LAV was independently predicted by child lean body mass and body fat percentage (R2=0,283). Pulmonary vein flow systolic to diastolic ratio (S/D) and mitral annular velocity during atrial filling (A') correlated with child waist-height ratio, BMI z-score and body fat percentage (Table 1). LAV index (LAV/body surface area) correlated with S/D and A' (r=0,2; p=0,01 and r=0,2; p=0,005 respectively). LAV, LAV index, S/D and A' were not associated with pre-pregnancy BMI or GDM exposure. Lean body mass was higher (p=0,002), but S/D and body fat percentage lower (p=0,02 and p≤0,001, respectively), in boys compared with girls-although LAV, LAV index and A' were not different. Conclusion: Child diastolic heart function at six years of age is influenced by child adiposity. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child body composition, increasing long-term cardiovascular risks and disturbing diastolic heart function. However, no evidence of fetal programming related to GDM was found in early childhood.
Pregnancy-related risk factors are associated with a significant burden of treated hypertension within 10 years of delivery: Findings from a population-based Norwegian Cohort; Background--The association between pregnancy complications and women's later cardiovascular disease has, primarily, been evaluated in studies lacking information on important covariates. This report evaluates the prospective associations between pregnancy-related risk factors (preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction) and pharmacologically treated hypertension within 10 years after pregnancy, while adjusting for a wide range of covariates. Methods and Results--Prepregnancy normotensive women participating in the MoBa (Norwegian Mother and Child Cohort Study) from January 2004 through July 2009 were linked to the Norwegian Prescription Database to identify women with pharmacologically treated hypertension beyond the postpartum period of 3 months. The burden of hypertension associated with pregnancy-related risk factors was evaluated using an attributable fraction method. A total of 1480 women developed pharmacologically treated hypertension within the follow-up among 60 027 women (rate of hypertension, 3.6/1000 person-years). The proportion of hypertension associated with a history of preeclampsia/eclampsia, gestational hypertension, preterm delivery, and pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was 28.6% (95% confidence interval, 25.5%-31.6%) on the basis of multivariable analyses adjusting for numerous covariates. The proportion was similar for women with a healthy prepregnancy body mass index (18.5-24.9 kg/m2; attributable fraction (AF)% 25.9%; 95% confidence interval, 21.3%-30.3%), but considerably higher for nulliparous women at baseline within the first 5 years of follow-up. Small-for-gestational age, however, did not increase subsequent hypertension risk in multivariable analyses. Conclusions--A structured postpartum follow-up of high-risk women identified through pregnancy-related risk factors would facilitate personalized preventive strategies to postpone or avoid onset of premature cardiovascular events.
Adverse effects of Hif1a mutation and maternal diabetes on the offspring heart; Background: Epidemiological studies show that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. However, the precise mechanisms for the underlying penetrance and disease predisposition remain poorly understood. We examinedwhether hypoxia-inducible factor 1 alpha, in combination with exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment, influences the function and molecular structure of the adult offspring heart. Methods and results: In a mouse model, we demonstrated that haploinsufficient (Hif1a +/-) offspring from a diabetic pregnancy developed left ventricle dysfunction at 12weeks of age, as manifested by decreased fractional shortening and structural remodeling of the myocardium. Transcriptional profiling by RNA-seq revealed significant transcriptome changes in the left ventricle of diabetes-exposed Hif1a +/- offspring associated with development, metabolism, apoptosis, and blood vessel physiology. In contrast, both wild type and Hif1a +/- offspring from diabetic pregnancies showed changes in immune system processes and inflammatory responses. Immunohistochemical analyses demonstrated that the combination of haploinsufficiency of Hif1a and exposure to maternal diabetes resulted in impaired macrophage infiltration, increased levels of advanced glycation end products, and changes in vascular homeostasis in the adult offspring heart. Conclusions: Together our findings provide evidence that a global reduction in Hif1a gene dosage increases predisposition of the offspring exposed to maternal diabetes to cardiac dysfunction, and also underscore Hif1a as a critical factor in the fetal programming of adult cardiovascular disease.
Management and outcomes of pregnancy with or without lupus nephritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Background: Although it is well established that systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) negatively affects pregnancy outcomes, there is insufficient evidence on the effect of lupus nephritis (LN) on antenatal management and pregnancy outcomes. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to determine the association of LN with management and pregnancy outcomes in SLE patients. Methods: Embase, Medline, Cochrane, and ClinicalTrials.gov were carefully searched for relevant English and Chinese language studies. A total of 2,987 articles were reviewed. Data were extracted that compared management and pregnancy outcomes in SLE pregnant women with LN vs without LN. Risk of bias was assessed by a modified version of the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale and the STROBE checklist. Combined odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were obtained and sensitivity analysis was performed using RevMan 5.3 software. Results: Sixteen studies, including 1,760 pregnant patients with SLE, were included. Gestational hypertension (OR=5.65, 95% CI=2.94–10.84), preeclampsia (OR=2.84, 95% CI=1.87–4.30), SLE flare (OR=2.66, 95% CI=1.51–4.70), renal flare (OR=15.18, 95% CI=5.89–39.14), proteinuria (OR=8.86, 95% CI=4.75–16.52), and hypocomplementemia (OR=2.86, 95% CI=1.68–4.87) were significantly affected in pregnant women with LN. Anti-Sjögren’s syndrome-related antigen A/Ro autoantibodies were negatively associated with pregnant women with LN (OR=0.57, 95% CI=0.33–0.98). Pregnant women with LN presented a significant decrease in live births (OR=0.62, 95% CI=0.49–0.80) and a significant increase in preterm births (OR=1.92, 95% CI=1.49–2.49) and fetal growth restriction (OR=1.43, 95% CI=1.08–1.91). Regarding antenatal management, steroids (OR=2.48, 95% CI=1.59–3.87) and immunosuppressant treatment (OR=6.77, 95% CI=3.30–13.89) were more frequently used in women with LN. Conclusion: This review identified a significant association between the aforementioned outcomes and SLE pregnant patients with LN. In patients with SLE, LN increased the risks for adverse pregnancy outcomes and the use of medication. Therefore, special treatment and close monitoring should be allocated to pregnant women with LN.
The use and safety of TNF inhibitors during pregnancy in women with psoriasis: A review; Psoriasis is a chronic immune-mediated inflammatory disease affecting women of childbearing potential. Biologic agents, notably Tumor Necrosis Factor inhibitors (TNFi), are the only current non-contraindicated systemic treatment option during pregnancy. TNFi comprised of complete immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies antibodies (adalimumab, golimumab, and infliximab) actively cross the placenta from the second trimester and are detectable in the child up to one year postpartum. Data on safety of TNFi are conflicting; however a trend towards drug-specific harm has been reported, with increased risk of congenital malformations and preterm birth. TNFi exposure may alter the immune system of the infant towards hypersensitivity and reduced response to intracellular infections. Confounding by indication should be considered, as chronic inflammatory disease itself may pose a risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. The quality of the current evidence is very low and no studies specifically address TNFi safety in women with psoriasis. Nonetheless, risks associated with TNFi treatment must be balanced against the as-yet uncertain risk of adverse outcomes in infants born to women with severe psoriasis. We searched PubMed using Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) terms and identified relevant studies and guidelines. Herein, we present the current knowledge of the use and safety of TNFi during pregnancy in women with psoriasis.
A prospective cohort study of fetal heart rate monitoring: deceleration area is predictive of fetal acidemia; Background: Intrapartum electronic fetal monitoring is the most commonly used tool in obstetrics in the United States; however, which electronic fetal monitoring patterns predict acidemia remains unclear. Objective: This study was designed to describe the frequency of patterns seen in labor using modern nomenclature, and to test the hypothesis that visually interpreted patterns are associated with acidemia and morbidities in term infants. We further identified patterns prior to delivery, alone or in combination, predictive of acidemia and neonatal morbidity. Study Design: This was a prospective cohort study of 8580 women from 2010 through 2015. Patients were all consecutive women laboring at ≥37 weeks’ gestation with a singleton cephalic fetus. Electronic fetal monitoring patterns during the 120 minutes prior to delivery were interpreted in 10-minute epochs. Interpretation included the category system and individual electronic fetal monitoring patterns per the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development criteria as well as novel patterns. The primary outcome was fetal acidemia (umbilical artery pH ≤7.10); neonatal morbidities were also assessed. Final regression models for acidemia adjusted for nulliparity, pregestational diabetes, and advanced maternal age. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curves were used to assess the test characteristics of individual models for acidemia and neonatal morbidity. Results: Of 8580 women, 149 (1.7%) delivered acidemic infants. Composite neonatal morbidity was diagnosed in 757 (8.8%) neonates within the total cohort. Persistent category I, and 10-minute period of category III, were significantly associated with normal pH and acidemia, respectively. Total deceleration area was most discriminative of acidemia (area under the receiver operating characteristic curves, 0.76; 95% confidence interval, 0.72–0.80), and deceleration area with any 10 minutes of tachycardia had the greatest discriminative ability for neonatal morbidity (area under the receiver operating characteristic curves, 0.77; 95% confidence interval, 0.75–0.79). Once the threshold of deceleration area is reached the number of cesareans needed-to-be performed to potentially prevent 1 case of acidemia and morbidity is 5 and 6, respectively. Conclusion: Deceleration area is the most predictive electronic fetal monitoring pattern for acidemia, and combined with tachycardia for significant risk of morbidity, from the electronic fetal monitoring patterns studied. It is important to acknowledge that this study was performed in patients delivering ≥37 weeks, which may limit the generalizability to preterm populations. We also did not use computerized analysis of the electronic fetal monitoring patterns because human visual interpretation was the basis for the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development categories, and importantly, it is how electronic fetal monitoring is used clinically.
Pregnancy outcome in women with congenital heart disease: A single-center experience; Objective: Pregnancies in patients with adult congenital heart disease (ACHD) are often complicated. We aimed to highlight the nature and the rate of these complications in a single-center patient population. Methods: We retrospectively studied all the pregnancies of women who presented on an outpatient basis, and all pregnancies were reviewed for maternal and fetal outcomes. Results: Of 117 pregnancies from 52 ACHD patients (age at pregnancy 28.3 ± 6.6 years), 10 were therapeutically aborted. A proportion of 41.1% of the remaining 107 pregnancies were complicated either with cardiac (3.7%), obstetric (15.0%), or fetal/neonatal (11.2%) adverse events or with spontaneous abortion (17.8%). Hospitalization during pregnancy was required in 10 patients. Elective cesarean sections were initially planned for 31% of the 87 pregnancies, which were finally completed, while 8% required an emergency cesarean section, mostly for obstetric reasons. NYHA class deterioration after pregnancy was detected in 9.3% of our cohort. Modified WHO class III/IV, prior medication use, and higher body mass index (BMI) were related to cardiac complications during pregnancy or NYHA deterioration. Conclusion: Pregnancies in ACHD patients are at high risk for complications. Advanced modified WHO class, prior medication use, and high BMI were related to adverse cardiac events.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major clinical challenge and is likely to remain so as the incidence of GDM continues to increase. Aim: To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst women diagnosed with GDM requiring either metformin or dietary intervention in comparison to low-risk healthy controls. Methodology: Fifty-six pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant controls attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM Metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, using recognised measures of arterial stiffness and central blood pressure (Arteriograph®), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal; AN1 (26–28 weeks), AN2 (32–34 weeks) and AN3 (37–40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6–8 weeks after delivery). Data were analysed using a linear mixed model incorporating gestational age and other relevant predictors, including age, blood pressure (BP), baseline bodyweight and pulse as fixed effects, and patient as a random effect. Results: Fitted linear mixed models showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (p = 0.004), aortic AIx (p = 0.008), and central systolic BP (p = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (p = 0.001) and heart rate (p < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage. At AN2, we did not observe any evidence that the mean brachial Aix in the GDM-M was different from the control group (p = 0.158). Conclusion: AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The possible beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32 to 34 weeks of gestation require further exploration.
Gestational diabetes influences the expression of hypertrophic genes in left ventricle of rat's offspring; Objective(s): Gestational diabetes increases the risk of congenital heart disease in the offspring, but the molecular mechanism underlying this process remains unclear. Therefore, the current study was conducted to assess the effects of induced gestational diabetes on expression of some involved genes in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats. Materials and Methods: Diabetes was induced in 40 adult Wistar rats by intraperitoneal injection of 45 mg/ kg of streptozotocin. The day of appearance of the vaginal plug was assumed as day zero of gestation for inducing diabetes. After pregnancy, the offspring was maintained until they reach the age of 12 weeks. Then, their hearts were excised and were sectioned for molecular study. We analyzed the expression pattern of some hypertrophic genes by the quantitative real-time RT-PCR. Results: The mRNA expression levels of all studied genes including c-jun, c-fos, c-myc, alpha-myosin heavy chain (α-MHC), atrial natriuretic factor (ANF) and β-MHC, which are important in cardiomyocyte hypertrophy, were higher in the offspring of the diabetic group compared to controls. Significant differences were found for β-MHC and c-myc with P<0.01 and for α-MHC and c-fos with P<0.05. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes upregulates expression of c-jun, c-fos c-myc, α-MHC, ANF and β-MHC genes that are involved in cardiac hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic rats.
The Economic Costs of Cardiovascular Disease, Diabetes Mellitus, and Associated Complications in South Asia: A Systematic Review; Background More than 80% of global deaths caused by cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes mellitus (DM) occur in developing countries. The burden of noncommunicable disease in South Asia is increasing rapidly. Objectives To estimate the costs of CVD and the costs of DM to individuals and society in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, and Sri Lanka. Methods We systematically searched six health and economic databases for studies identifying costs related to CVD or DM and their respective complications. Costs were extracted from included studies and converted to US $ for the price year 2015 to enable meaningful comparisons. Results Of the 71 articles suitable for full-text review, 29 studies met the inclusion criteria. Most were cost-of-illness studies (n = 27) and were from the patient perspective (n = 23). Most collected data since 2000 (n = 23) and included data from India (n = 24). No studies included longitudinal costs at the patient level. Medical costs for routine management of CVD and DM were broadly similar. These costs escalate significantly once complications occur, which require treatment, particularly for stroke, major coronary events, and amputations. Costs are mainly borne by the individual and family. Some included studies modeled rapidly rising future costs. Most studies included had methodological weaknesses. Conclusions Marked increases in costs have been identified when complications of these chronic diseases occur, underlining the importance of secondary prevention approaches in disease management in South Asia. Higher quality studies, especially those that include longitudinal costs, are required to establish more robust cost estimates.
Pregnancy Outcomes Following Cardiac Transplantation; Objective: This study sought to report pregnancy outcomes in women following cardiac transplantation. Methods: This was a descriptive retrospective cohort study of women with pregnancies following cardiac transplantation managed at two large tertiary centres in Canada and Belgium between 2001 and 2017. Results: Sixteen women had 17 singleton pregnancies following cardiac transplantation. The mean maternal age was 28 ± 5.8, and the transplant-to-pregnancy interval was 7.3 ± 4.0 years. There were two first trimester terminations, one for teratogenicity concerns and the other because of a maternal cardiac condition. There was one spontaneous miscarriage. All women had normal left ventricular function at the start of pregnancy. Graft rejection occurred in two women. Other maternal complications included anemia requiring blood transfusion (n = 5), renal failure or deterioration (n = 4), preeclampsia (n = 2), and urine infections (n = 2). The mean GA at delivery was 35 ± 3.5 weeks. Six infants were born preterm, and two were small-for-gestational-age. Fetal anomalies were identified in two pregnancies. Women were followed after pregnancy for a median of 5.6 years (range, 10 months to 15 years). Although there were no deaths during pregnancy, two women died at 10 and 18 months after delivery. Conclusion: With appropriate multidisciplinary care, women with cardiac transplants can have successful pregnancies. Although rates of fetal loss are low, these women continue to be at risk for graft rejection, preterm birth, other pregnancy-related complications, and cardiovascular death.
Marine omega-3 fatty acids, complications of pregnancy and maternal risk factors for offspring cardio-metabolic disease; Marine omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 PUFA) are important nutrients during periods of rapid growth and development in utero and infancy. Maternal health and risk factors play a crucial role in birth outcomes and subsequently offspring cardio-metabolic health. Evidence from observational studies and randomized trials have suggested a potential association of maternal intake of marine n-3 PUFAs during pregnancy with pregnancy and birth outcomes. However, there is inconsistency in the literature on whether marine n-3 PUFA supplementation during pregnancy can prevent maternal complications of pregnancy. This narrative literature review summarizes recent evidence on observational and clinical trials of marine n-3 PUFA intake on maternal risk factors and effects on offspring cardio-metabolic health. The current evidence generally does not support a role of maternal n-3 PUFA supplementation in altering the incidence of gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, or pre-eclampsia. It may be that benefits from marine n-3 PUFA supplementation are more pronounced in high-risk populations, such as women with a history of complications of pregnancy, or women with low marine n-3 PUFA intake. Discrepancies between studies may be related to differences in study design, dosage, fatty acid interplay, and length of treatment. Further prospective double-blind studies are needed to clarify the impact of long-chain marine n-3 PUFAs on risk factors for cardio-metabolic disease in the offspring.
Association of maternal nutrition with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism; Objective The objective was to determine whether maternal nutritional factors are associated with transient neonatal hyperinsulinism (HI). Design and setting Case control study in 4 French tertiary Obstetrics and Neonatology Departments between 2008 and 2015. Methods Sixty-seven mothers of neonates diagnosed with transient hyperinsulinism and 113 mothers of controls were included. The screening for hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia in neonates was performed because of clinical symptoms suggestive of hypoglycemia or in the presence of conventional risk factors (small-for-gestational-age, prematurity, anoxo-ischemia, hypothermia, macrosomia, gestational diabetes). Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia was confirmed in the HI neonates and ruled out in the controls. This allowed for comparing maternal nutrition in cases and controls in a context of similar risk factors. One to 2 mothers of control neonates were included per case, and a food frequency questionnaire was addressed to the mothers between day 5 and day 10 after the birth of their newborn. Results Crude odds ratio showed that maternal weight gain, abnormal fetal rate, C-section, gender, consumption of fresh cooked vegetables, fresh fruits and fruit juices, low fat diary products, light fat products, and daily bread were significantly associated with hyperinsulinism. Maternal body mass index, hypertension, gestational diabetes, birth weight percentile, gestational age and 5-minute Apgar score were not related to HI. In a multiple backward logistic regression model, consumption of fresh cooked vegetable 1/day (OR = 0.33 [0.14–0.77]) and light-fat products 1/week (OR = 0.24 [0.08–0.71]) was protective against hyperinsulinism, whereas gestational weight gain >20 kg (OR = 9.5 [2.0–45.5]) and between 15–20 kg (OR = 4.0 [1.2–14.0]), abnormal fetal heart rate (OR = 4.4 [1.6–12.0]), and C-section (OR = 3.4 [1.3–8.9]) were risk factors. Conclusions A diet rich in fresh cooked vegetable and reduced in fat, together with the avoidance of a high gestational weight gain may be protective against transient neonatal hyperinsulinism.
Medically indicated preterm deliveries-are placental dysfunction and vasculopathies related?; Introduction: To examine the relationship between placental dysfunction disorders (PDD), vasculopathies (VP), medically indicated preterm delivery (miPTD) and spontaneous preterm delivery (sPTD). Methods: Retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestations. Preterm delivery defined as delivery prior to 37 weeks gestation. The type of delivery (term, miPTD, or sPTD) was determined, and clinical diagnoses were categorized into PDD (pre-eclampsia, fetal distress, IUGR, oligohydramnios, abruption, gesta-tional hypertension) and VP (Type 1 or 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension). The prevalence for each diagnosis was examined for each type of delivery. Results: Study population included 3049 term deliveries, 190 sPTD, and 232 miPTD. There were no significant differences in maternal age and parity among these three groups. Patients with miPTD were more likely to be non-Hispanic and to have a higher BMI. As expected, the fraction of patients with at least one PDD or VP were significantly higher for miPTB compared to sPTB and term. Also, the fraction of patients with at least one PDD AND at least one VP were markedly and significantly (p less than 0.0001) higher for miPTD (20%) compared to sPTD (4.2%) or term (2.7%). Interestingly, patients with a more severe vasculopathy or multiple concurrent vasculopathies were associated with higher rates of PTD, particularly miPTD. Conclusion: The combination, PDD/VP, is significantly increased in miPTD versus sPTD or terms, and severe vasculopathies or concurrent vasculopathies show increased rates of PTD. These conditions may indicate severe epithelial damage resulting in poor perfusion and primary placental dysfunction requiring miPTD.
Restoring BMP4 expression in vascular endothelial progenitors ameliorates maternal diabetes-induced neural tube defects; Neural tube defects (NTDs) are among the most common and severe structural birth defects and maternal diabetes induces NTDs. During mouse embryonic development, vasculogenesis initially occurs in the yolk sac, preceding neurulation which takes place from embryonic day 8 (E8) to day 10.5(E10.5). Our previous studies have demonstrated that maternal diabetes induces embryonic vasculopathy at early embryonic developmental stage by suppressing the expression of vascular growth factors including BMP4 and FGF2. We hypothesize that early vasculopathy accounts for late failed neural tube closure in diabetic pregnancy. To test this hypothesis, we created a transgenic mouse model (Flk1-BMP4 Tg mice) by expressing the BMP4 (Bone morphogenetic protein 4) transgene driven by the promoter of vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (Flk1). BMP4 transgene expression in Tg embryos occurred only in Flk1 positive cells of the yolk sac at embryonic day 7.5 (E7.5). BMP4 overexpression neutralized its down-regulation by maternal diabetes in E7.5 embryos. Maternal diabetesinduced Flk1 positive cell apoptosis, impairment of blood island formation and reduction of Flk1 positive cell number and blood vessel density were reversed by BMP4 overexpression. BMP4 overexpression in Flk1 cells blocked maternal diabetesinduced vasculopathy in early stage embryos (E7.5-E8.5) and consequently led to amelioration of maternal diabetes-induced NTDs in late stage embryos (E10.5). BMP4 overexpression inhibited maternal diabetes-induced endoplasmic reticulum stress in the developing neuroepithelium and neuroepithelial cell apoptosis. Taken together, these data demonstrate that BMP4 down-regulation in vascular endothelial progenitors is responsible for maternal diabetes-induced embryonic vasculopathy and preventing vasculopathy by restoring BMP4 expression rescues neuroepithelial cells from cellular organelle stress induced by maternal diabetes leading to alleviation of NTDs in diabetic pregnancy.
Blood tests during pregnancythat may predict long-term cardiovascular morbidity; INTRODUCTION AND AIMS: Pregnancy-related complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia pose a risk for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. This study was aimed to demonstrate whether an association exists between five types of blood tests (creatinine, urea, uric acid, glucose, and potassium) during pregnancy and the risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. METHODS: The study population included women who gave birth at the Soroka University Medical Center (SUMC) between the years 2000-2013. This population included women who were subsequently hospitalized due to atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. Only women for whom at least one test result was available for all five test types-potassium, uric acid, creatinine, urea, and glucose during their pregnancies were included. The follow-up period was until either hospitalization or the end of study period. Cox regression was performed in order to demonstrate the relationship between cardiovascular hospitalization and upper quartile blood test values during pregnancy. RESULTS: The final analysis included 4115 women who met the inclusion criteria. Of these, 212 were defined as the hospitalized group (cases), and 3903 women served as the non-hospitalized group (controls). In a Cox regression model the values in the upper quartile of potassium (HR =1.48 CI 1.09-2.01 p=0.013), creatinine (HR=1.86 CI 1.37-2.53 P<0.001) and urea (HR=1.60 CI 1.17-2.19 P=0.003) measured during pregnancy were associated with an increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular and atherosclerotic morbidity. Women who had two blood tests in upper quartile during pregnancy had a risk of 1.65 (CI 1.06-2.56 P=0.026) to have future cardiovascular hospitalization. Women who had three or more blood tests in upper quartile during pregnancy had a considerable risk of 3.32 (CI 2.19-5.04 p<0.001) for cardiovascular hospitalization. CONCLUSIONS: Routine blood tests during pregnancy can predict future cardiovascular morbidity among women with no overt clinical gestational complications.
Mediterranean diet and health outcomes in the SUN cohort; Background: The Mediterranean Dietary Pattern (Med-Diet) has been linked to many beneficial health effects. We have reviewed the main findings of the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort study regarding MedDiet and the risk of major chronic diseases. Material and methods: The SUN project is an open cohort in which 22 782 Spanish university graduates have participated since 1999. Data on diet, lifestyle and clinical diagnosis are collected at baseline and every two years. Diet is assessed using a 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire, previously validated in Spain. The collection of biological samples began in 2008. Saliva samples are requested from a subpopulation of participants aged 55 years and over. Results: After reviewing 23 studies from the SUN study focused on the MedDiet effects on chronic disease, a high MedDiet adherence is associated with a reduced incidence of overall all-cause mortality, fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular disease, diabetes, weight gain, metabolic syndrome, depression, cognitive decline and nephrolithiasis. An inverse dose-response relationship was found for many of these associations. The MedDiet was also associated with lower average heart rate, a mitigation in the harmful effect of overweight/obesity on CVD, and the attenuation of the effects of obesity on diabetes. A suggestion that the Med-Diet may enhance fertility was found. None of the scores evaluated showed a significant inverse association with gestational diabetes or hypertension, although reduced changes in systolic and diastolic blood pressure were observed. Conclusions: We conclude that this cohort has provided evidence that a high MedDiet adherence is associated with a reduced incidence of overall all-cause mortality, fatal and non-fatal cardiovascular disease, diabetes, weight gain, metabolic syndrome, depression, cognitive decline and nephrolithiasis.
Metabolic disorders during pregnancy and postpartum cardiometabolic risk; Hormonal changes during pregnancy can trigger gestational diabetes (GDM), which is constantly increasing. Its main characteristic is pronounced insulin resistance, but it appears to be a multifactorial process involving several metabolic factors; taken together, the latter leads to silent or clinically evident cardiovascular (CV) events. Insulin resistance and central adiposity are of crucial importance in the development of metabolic syndrome, and they appear to correlate with CV risk factors, including hypertension and atherogenic dyslipidaemia. Hypertensive disease of pregnancy (HDP) is more likely to be an accompanying co-morbidity in pregnancies complicated with GDM. There is still inconsistent evidence as to whether or not co-existent GDM and HDP have a synergistic effects on postpartum risk of cardiometabolic disease; however, this synergism is becoming more accepted since both these conditions may promote endothelial inflammation and early atherosclerosis. Regardless of the presence or absence of the synergism between GDM and HDP, these conditions need to be dealt early enough, in order to reduce CV morbidity and to improve health outcomes for both women and their offspring.
Mesenchymal Stromal Cell Characteristics and Regenerative Potential in Cardiovascular Disease: Implications for Cellular Therapy; Administration of mesenchymal stromal cells (MSCs) is a promising strategy to treat cardiovascular disease (CVD). As progenitor cells may be negatively affected by both age and comorbidity, characterization of MSC function is important to guide decisions regarding use of allogeneic or autologous cells. Definitive answers on which factors affect MSC function can also aid in selecting which MSC donors would yield the most therapeutically efficacious MSCs. Here we provide a narrative review of MSC function in CVD based on a systematic search. A total of 41 studies examining CVD-related MSC (dys)function were identified. These data show that MSC characteristics and regenerative potential are often affected by CVD. However, studies presented conflicting results, and directed assessment of MSC parameters relevant to regenerative medicine applications was lacking in many studies. The predictive ability of in vitro assays for in vivo efficacy was rarely assessed. There was no correlation between quality of study reporting and study findings. Age mismatch was also not associated with study findings or effect size. Future research should focus on assays that assess regenerative potential in MSCs and parameters that relate to clinical success.
Birt trauma - still a current problem in neonatology; As the birth trauma is refer foetal and neonatal injury during labour caused by mechanical forces. We may notice it during the first investigation of the newborn, or it may also be a hidden injury that will occurs during hours or days. The worst complication of the birth injury is asphyxia. Risk factors are divided into maternal, foetal and joined with delivery. Retrospective analysis of the causes of birth trauma in newborns admitted to Neonatal Department of Intensive Medicine (NDIM). 123 newborns were analysed retrospectively during January 1st, 2015 - December 31st, 2016. The analysis was focused on the presence of risk factors (gestational age, birth length and weight; maternal risk factors - primipara, hypertension, infection, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, cefalopelvic disproportion, drug abuse, not cooperated mother during delivery; foetal risk factors - macrosomia; form of delivery - instrumental delivery, the necessity of using external expression, prolonged delivery, pelvic position of the newborn) and form of the birth trauma. From 123 newborns (36.58% premature newborns; 63.42% term newborns) 68.30% were born spontaneously and 31.70% by caesarean section (in two cases in pelvic position and in 6 cases delivery was complicated by dystocia of arms). Primipara was the most frequent risk factor (63.41%). Macrosomia was confirmed in 12.20% (n=15) of cases of prenatally hypertrophic newborns. In less then 5% - dislocation of the nasal cartilaginous portion of the septum, bleeding into the adrenal glands, suffusion, subarachnoid bleeding, subdural bleeding, incision, fracture of femur, fracture of humerus, torticollis, torsion of testes, lesion of brachial plexus, fracture of clavicle; ≥5-10% - haemorrhage into retina, oedema, haemorrhage; ≥10-20% - caput succedaneum, cefalhaematoma, haematoma of soft tissue and ≥20% - haematoma and incisions different forms of birth trauma were presented. Despite the increasing level of perinatal care, we are still experiencing traumatic neonatal injury. Birth injuries of the newborn may affect the newborn's quality of life both in the short and the long follow up. Some forms of postpartum trauma leave permanent consequences. Through monitoring of the foetus during pregnancy and delivery and early recognition of possible complications contribute to a reduction in the incidence of postnatal trauma as well as of severe asphyxia.
Reprint of: Proteomics in cardiovascular diseases: Unveiling sex and gender differences in the era of precision medicine; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) represent the most important cause of mortality in women and in men. Contrary to the long-standing notion that the effects of the major risk factors on CVD outcomes are the same in both sexes, recent evidence recognizes new, potentially independent, sex/gender-related risk factors for CVDs, and sex/gender-differences in the clinical presentation of CVDs have been demonstrated. Furthermore, some therapeutic options may not be equally effective and safe in men and women. In this context, proteomics offers an extremely useful and versatile analytical platform for biomedical researches that expand from the screening of early diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers to the investigation of the molecular mechanisms underlying CDVs. In this review, we summarized the current applications of proteomics in the cardiovascular field, with emphasis on sex and gender-related differences in CVDs. Significance: Increasing evidence supports the profound effect of sex and gender on cardiovascular physio-pathology and the response to drugs. A clear understanding of the mechanisms underlying sexual dimorphisms in CVDs would not only improve our knowledge of the etiology of these diseases, but could also inform health policy makers and guideline committees in tailoring specific interventions for the prevention, treatment and management of CVDs in both men and women.
Potential prognostic biomarkers of cardiovascular disease in fetal macrosomia: the impact of gestational diabetes; Objective: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk. Cardiac biomarkers may play diagnostic/prognostic role in cardiovascular disease. We tested whether cardiac biomarkers are differentially expressed in cord blood samples of full-term singleton large-for-gestational-age (LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) pregnancies. Methods: Cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1), Titin, pentraxin (PTX-3) and soluble CD36 (sCD36) concentrations were determined in 80 cord blood samples from a) LGA pregnancies due to maternal diabetes (n = 8), overweight/obese (n = 11), excessive weight gain (n = 7), without specific pathology (n = 14), b) AGA normal pregnancies (controls, n = 40). Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight (BW) standards. Results: CT-1 and Titin concentrations were higher in LGA than AGA pregnancies (p <.001 and p =.023, respectively). A subgroup analysis (in the LGA group) showed increased CT-1 concentrations only in diabetic pregnancies. PTX-3 and sCD36 concentrations were similar in LGA and AGA fetuses. In the LGA group, PTX-3 concentrations positively correlated with birth-weight (r =.416, p =.008) and respective sCD36 concentrations (r =.443, p =.004). Conclusion: Higher Titin concentrations in LGAs possibly represent a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and cardiomyocyte/diastolic dysfunction. CT-1 is up-regulated only in LGAs exposed to maternal diabetes. PTX-3 and sCD36 are probably not affected by excessive fetal growth.
Effects of gestational and pregestational diabetes mellitus on the foetal heart: a cross-sectional study; We examined the foetal cardiac structural and functional characteristics in diabetic pregnancies versus non-diabetic, healthy pregnancies. Between August 2015 and April 2016, 32 pregnant women with pregestational diabetes, 36 pregnant women with gestational diabetes, and 42 healthy pregnant women were scheduled to have foetal echocardiograms to assess cardiac structure and function. In the diabetic groups, the foetal interventricular septum (IVS) thickness was significantly greater than in non-diabetics (p <.05) but none had an IVS >2 SD from normal. The peak velocity of tricuspid E, and the E/A ratio were significantly lower in the diabetic groups (p <.05). Tricuspid valve Ea values and the Ea/Aa ratio were lower in the diabetic group than in the control group (p <.05) but there was no significant difference between the pre-GDM and GDM groups (p >.05). Interventricular septal hypertrophy is the most common structural abnormality in diabetic pregnancies. These changes do not pose a risk to the foetal unless they cause functional impairment. Thus, we believe that it is important for diabetic pregnant women to be monitored for foetal cardiac diastolic dysfunction.Impact statementWhat is already known on this subject? Pregestational insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus is a relatively common condition in pregnancy, affecting up to 0.5% of the pregnant population. Foetuses of diabetic mothers are at an increased risk of perinatal morbidity and death. Gestational diabetes mellitus is under-recognised and affects up to 4% of pregnancies. Although diabetes mellitus is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular defects and structural changes (myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction) due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinism, similar data in women with gestational diabetes is scarce. Moreover, the effect of maternal hyperglycaemia on foetal cardiac structure and function is unclear because of discordant results from previous studies. What do the results of this study add? In this study, we have used foetal echocardiography, two-dimensional US, pulsed wave Doppler and TDI to characterise the foetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancies as well as in the pregnancies complicated by GDM, and pregestational DM. Interventricular septum thickness is increased in women with pregestational diabetes mellitus and impaired diastolic function. The dominant right ventricle of the foetal circulation was affected earlier than the left ventricle. What are the implications of these findings for clinical practice and/or further research? Large population-based studies are required to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in patients with pregestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes in the utility of routine screening.
Effect of frozen/thawed embryo transfer on birthweight, macrosomia, and low birthweight rates in US singleton infants; Background: Singleton infants conceived using assisted reproductive technology have lower average birthweights than naturally conceived infants and are more likely to be born low birthweight (<2500 gr). Lower birthweights are associated with increased infant and child mortality and poor adult health outcomes, including cardiovascular disease, hypertension, and diabetes. Data from registry and single-center studies suggest that frozen/thawed embryo transfer may be associated with larger birthweights. To date, however, a nationwide, full-population study on United States infants born using frozen/thawed embryo transfer has not been reported. Objectives: The objective of this study was to compare the effect of frozen/thawed vs fresh embryo transfer on birthweight outcomes for singleton, term infants conceived using in vitro fertilization in the United States between 2007 and 2014, including average birthweight and the risks of both macrosomia (>4000 g) and low birthweight (<2500 g). Study Design: We used data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's National Assisted Reproductive Technology Surveillance System to compare birthweight outcomes of live-born singleton, autologous oocyte, term (37-43 weeks) infants. Generalized linear models for all infants and stratified by infant sex were used to assess the relationship between frozen/thawed embryo transfer and birthweight, in grams. Infertility diagnosis, year of treatment, maternal age, maternal obstetric history, maternal and paternal race, and infant gestational age and sex were included in the models. Missing race data were imputed. The adjusted relative risks for macrosomia and low birthweight were evaluated using multivariable predicted marginal proportions from logistic regression models. Results: In total, 180,184 singleton, term infants were included, with 55,898 (31.02%) having been conceived from frozen/thawed embryos. Frozen/thawed embryo transfer was associated with, on average, a 142 g increase in birthweight compared with infants born after fresh embryo transfer (P <.001). An interaction between infant sex and embryo transfer type was significant (P <.0001), with frozen/thawed embryo transfer having a larger effect on male infants by 16 g. The adjusted risk of a macrosomic infant was 1.70 times higher (95% confidence interval, 1.64–1.76) following frozen/thawed embryo transfer than fresh embryo transfer. However, adjusted risk of low birthweight following frozen/thawed embryo transfer was 0.52 (95% confidence interval, 0.48–0.56) compared with fresh embryo transfer. Conclusion: Frozen/thawed embryo transfer, in comparison with fresh embryo transfer, was associated with increased average birthweight in singleton, autologous oocytes, term infants born in the United States, with a significant interaction between frozen/thawed embryo transfer and infant sex. The risk of macrosomia following frozen/thawed embryo transfer was greater than that following fresh embryo transfer, but the risk of low birthweight among frozen/thawed embryo transfer infants was significantly decreased in comparison with fresh embryo transfer infants.
Therapies for gestational diabetes and their implications for maternal and offspring health: Evidence from human and animal studies; Obesity prior to and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications during pregnancy. One of the most common complications of pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a condition characterized by hyperglycemia and insulin resistance that is diagnosed in the third trimester of pregnancy. GDM predisposes both mothers and their children to increased obesity and cardiometabolic disorders, namely type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Current treatments include lifestyle changes and insulin injections, but oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide are increasingly prescribed as they do not require injections. However, the long-term implications of therapies for diabetes during pregnancy on mothers and their offspring are not fully understood. In this review, we describe current treatments for GDM, including the first line lifestyle interventions such as exercise as well as insulin, glyburides and metformin. We also review selected natural health products that are sometimes used by individuals during pregnancy that could also be an effective therapeutic in pregnancies characterized by obesity or GDM. We focus on both the short- and long-term effects of treatments on the health of mothers and their offspring. We review the current literature from clinical research and animal studies.
Soft drink consumption and gestational diabetes risk in the SUN project; Background & aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is increasing worldwide. To the best of our knowledge the specific evaluation of soft drink consumption as a risk factor for developing GDM has only been conducted in the Nurses' Health Study II. Objective: To investigate the incidence of GDM according to soft drink consumption in the SUN project. Design: The “Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra” (SUN) project is a prospective and dynamic cohort which included data of 3396 women who notified at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2012. A validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess soft drink consumption. Four categories of sugar-sweetened soft drink (SSSD) and diet soft drink (DSD) consumption (servings) were established: rarely or never (<1/month), low (1–3/month), intermediate (>3/month and ≤1/week) and high (≥2/week). Potential confounders were adjusted through non-conditional logistic regression models. Results: During the follow-up, we identified 172 incident cases of GDM. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, family history of diabetes, smoking, total energy intake, physical activity, parity, fast-food consumption, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, multiple pregnancy, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, fiber intake, following special diet and snacking, SSSD consumption was significantly associated with an increased risk of incident GDM, with multivariable adjusted odds ratios (OR) of 2.03 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.25–3.31) and 1.67 (95% CI: 1.01–2.77) for the highest and intermediate categories, respectively, versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.006). Conversely, DSD consumption was not associated with GDM incidence (adjusted OR: 0.82; 95% CI: 0.52–1.31) for the highest versus the lowest category (p for linear trend: 0.258). Additional sensitivity analyses did not change the results. Conclusion: Higher consumption of SSSDs before pregnancy was an independent risk factor for GDM, however, no association was observed between DSD consumption and GDM risk.
Potential of circulatory procalcitonin as a biomarker reflecting inflammation among South Indian diabetic foot ulcers; Objective: Diabetic foot ulcer (DFU), the major complication associated with diabetes mellitus, has been shown to precede amputation in up to 90% of cases. Recent data reveal that procalcitonin (PCT) is a valid marker for the diagnosis of bacterial infections compared with traditional markers like white blood cell count, C-reactive protein levels, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate in DFU patients. Furthermore, cytokines are proposed to act as modulators and mediators for the expression and release of PCT into the circulation. Hence, this preliminary study was conducted to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of PCT compared with other traditional markers and to predict the association of PCT plasma levels with inflammatory cytokines and clinical parameters of incident diabetes among South Indian DFU subjects. Methods: There were 185 subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) selected in this cross-sectional study, subdivided into three groups: group I, control/T2DM subjects free from DFU (n = 75; male, 43; female, 32); group II, T2DM subjects with noninfected DFU (n = 34; male, 19; female, 15); and group III, T2DM subjects with infected DFU (IDFU; n = 76; male, 46; female, 30). Patients with IDFU were further divided into three subgroups as per the Infectious Diseases Society of America-International Working Group on the Diabetic Foot classification criteria: grade 2 (n = 27), grade 3 (n = 38), and grade 4 (n = 11). Subjects with type 1 diabetes, gestational diabetes, pneumonia, sepsis, inflammatory bowel disease, meningitis, or hematologic diseases and those who underwent surgery in the past 2 to 3 weeks were excluded from this study. For investigation of clinical parameters, blood samples were drawn from all the study subjects; plasma samples were used for estimating PCT by the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay method. The profiling of plasma cytokines was carried out using a multiplex bead-based assay. Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation for clinical and biochemical variables and as geometric mean with 95% confidence interval (CI) for cytokines. All analysis was done using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (version 20.0; IBM Corp, Armonk, NY); P <.05 was considered to be statistically significant. Results: We found PCT to be a valid diagnostic marker for IDFU with higher sensitivity and specificity than other traditional markers. For PCT, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve was found to be high (0.99; 95% CI, 0.96-1.0), followed by C-reactive protein levels (0.78; 95% CI, 0.65-0.81), white blood cell count (0.76; 95% CI, 0.67-0.86), and erythrocyte sedimentation rate (0.74; 95% CI, 0.68-0.80) in IDFU subjects. We found the cutoff value of ≥0.5 ng/mL to have 54% sensitivity and 100% specificity for PCT with a positive predictive value of 100% and a negative predictive value of 12% for IDFU diagnosis. Moreover, PCT circulatory levels showed a positive correlation with helper T-cell subtype 1 cytokines, such as interferon γ (r = 0.21; P =.03) and interleukin 28A (r = 0.31; P =.003), and subtype 17 cytokines, such as interleukin 29/interferon λ1 (r = 0.20; P =.037). Conclusions: PCT could be a valuable marker for diagnosis of T2DM patients with IDFU. Clinical Relevance: We aimed to assess the diagnostic accuracy of procalcitonin (PCT) compared with other traditional markers and its association with inflammatory cytokines. The findings showed a significant difference in the levels of PCT up to sevenfold in infected diabetic foot ulcer (DFU) compared with noninfected DFU, which was better than for other traditional markers, such as C-reactive protein levels, white blood cell count, and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. Moreover, PCT was found to have positively correlated with helper T-cell subtypes 1 and 17 inflammatory cytokines. Based on our findings, we could clinically use PCT as a marker to distinguish the mild line between infected and noninfected DFUs.
Effect of Iodine Nutrition on Pregnancy Outcomes in an Iodine-Sufficient Area in China; Many studies focused on the association between thyroid disease and pregnancy outcomes. The present study explored the effect of iodine nutrition during the first trimester on pregnancy outcomes. One thousand five hundred sixty-nine pregnant, euthyroid women at ≤12 weeks of gestation in an iodine-sufficient area in China were recruited. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) criteria for iodine nutrition during pregnancy, participants were divided into four groups: adequate iodine (median urinary iodine concentration (UIC), 150–249 μg/L), mild deficiency (UIC, 100–150 μg/L), moderate and severe deficiency (UIC, OpenSPiltSPi100 μg/L), and more than adequate and excessive (UIC, ≥250 μg/L) groups. Pregnancy outcomes, including abortion, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placenta previa, placental abruption, preterm labor, low birth weight infants, macrosomia, breech presentation, and cord entanglement, were obtained during follow-up. The results showed that there was no significant difference in general characteristics, including age, body mass index, abdominal circumference, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, smoking rate, and drinking rate, among the four groups. In the more than adequate and excessive group, thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) was greater and free thyroxine (FT4) was lower than any other groups but still within normal range. The thyroglobulin (Tg) level was greater in the moderate and severe deficiency group. The incidence of GDM was significantly greater in women with mild iodine deficiency than in women with adequate iodine nutriture (18.38 vs. 13.70%, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.05). Compared with the adequate group, incidence of macrosomia was significantly greater in the more than adequate and excessive group (12.42 vs. 9.79%, p OpenSPiltSPi 0.05). Mild iodine deficiency was an independent risk factor for GDM (odds ratio = 1.566, 95% confidence interval = 1.060–2.313, p = 0.024); more than adequate and excessive iodine was an independent risk factor for macrosomia (OR = 1.917, CI = 1.128–3.256, p = 0.016). In summary, during 1st trimester, both mild iodine deficiency and excessive iodine intake had adverse impacts on pregnancy outcomes in an iodine-sufficient area.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease up to 25 years after pregnancy: a retrospective cohort study; Aims: The risk of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes is poorly understood. We sought to determine whether gestational diabetes increases the risk of cardiovascular disease more than two decades after pregnancy. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of 1,070,667 women who delivered infants in hospitals within Quebec, Canada, between 1989 and 2013. We followed 67,356 women with gestational diabetes and 1,003,311 without gestational diabetes for a maximum of 25.2 years after the index delivery. The main outcome measures were hospitalization for ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction, coronary angioplasty, coronary artery bypass graft, and other cardiovascular disorders. We used Cox regression to estimate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing women with gestational diabetes to no gestational diabetes, adjusted for age, parity, socioeconomic deprivation, time period, and preeclampsia. Results: Women with gestational diabetes had a higher cumulative incidence of hospitalization for cardiovascular disease 25 years after delivery (190.8 per 1000 women) compared with no gestational diabetes (117.8 per 1000 women). Gestational diabetes was associated with a higher risk of ischemic heart disease (HR 1.23, 95% CI 1.12–1.36), myocardial infarction (HR 2.14, 95% CI 1.15–2.47), coronary angioplasty (HR 2.23, 95% CI 1.87–2.65), and coronary artery bypass graft (HR 3.16, 95% CI 2.24–4.47). Conclusions: In this population of pregnant women, gestational diabetes was associated with an increased risk of heart disease 25 years after delivery. Women with gestational diabetes may merit closer monitoring for cardiovascular disease prevention after pregnancy.
Maternal diabetes up-regulates NOX2 and enhances myocardial ischaemia/reperfusion injury in adult offspring; Offspring of diabetic mothers are at risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms are not clear. We hypothesize that prenatal exposure to maternal diabetes up-regulates myocardial NOX2 expression and enhances ischaemia/reperfusion (I/R) injury in the adult offspring. Maternal diabetes was induced in C57BL/6 mice by streptozotocin. Glucose-tolerant adult offspring of diabetic mothers and normal controls were subjected to myocardial I/R injury. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were assessed. The VEGF-Akt (protein kinase B)-mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-NOX2 signalling pathway was also studied in cultured cardiomyocytes in response to high glucose level. In the hearts of adult offspring from diabetic mothers, increases were observed in VEGF expression, NOX2 protein levels and both Akt and mTOR phosphorylation levels as compared to the offspring of control mothers. After I/R, ROS generation, myocardial apoptosis and infarct size were all significantly higher in the offspring of diabetic mothers relative to offspring of control mothers, and these differences were diminished by in vivo treatment with the NADPH oxidase inhibitor apocynin. In cultured cardiomyocytes, high glucose increased mTOR phosphorylation, which was inhibited by the PI3 kinase inhibitor LY294002. Notably, high glucose-induced NOX2 protein expression and ROS production were inhibited by rapamycin. In conclusion, maternal diabetes promotes VEGF-Akt-mTOR-NOX2 signalling and enhances myocardial I/R injury in the adult offspring. Increased ROS production from NOX2 is a possible molecular mechanism responsible for developmental origins of cardiovascular disease in offspring of diabetic mothers.
Pre-pregnancy endothelial dysfunction and birth outcomes: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study article; Endothelial dysfunction is a form of subclinical cardiovascular disease that may be involved in preterm birth and small-for-gestational-age deliveries. However, concentrations of biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction before pregnancy have rarely been measured. We hypothesized that higher levels of biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction (cellular adhesion molecules and selectins) would be associated with odds of preterm birth and/or small-for-gestational-age deliveries. We included 235 women from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who were nulliparous at Y7, reported ≥1 live birth through Y25, and had ≥1 biomarker measured at Y7. We tested for associations between individual biomarkers and an averaged z-score representing total endothelial dysfunction with preterm birth and/or small-for-gestational-age deliveries using Poisson regression, adjusted for demographic and clinical characteristics at the exam immediately preceding index birth. At Y7, total evidence of endothelial dysfunction was similar in women who did (n = 59) and did not have (n = 176) preterm birth and/or small-for-gestational-age deliveries. There was no association between biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction (either individual biomarker or total score) with odds of preterm birth and/or small-for-gestational-age deliveries after adjustment: IRR = 1.01, 95% CI: 0.74, 1.39, p = 0.93 for total endothelial biomarker score. Associations were not modified by race. We conclude that biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in nulliparous women, measured ~3 years before pregnancy, did not identify women at risk for preterm birth and/or small-for-gestational-age deliveries. This suggests that the maternal endothelial dysfunction that is believed to contribute to these birth outcomes may not be detectable before pregnancy.
Fertility and Pregnancy in Women with Transfusion-Dependent Thalassemia; As more women with transfusion-dependent thalassemia are seeking pregnancy, ensuring the best outcomes for both the mother and baby requires concerted, collaborative efforts between practitioners and the family. Proactive counseling, early fertility evaluation, recent developments in reproductive technology, and optimal management of iron overload, have resulted in more successful pregnancies and the birth of healthy newborns. With advances in technology for prenatal screening and increased awareness to perform screening for hemoglobinopathies, healthy pregnancy outcomes have become the expectation. Topics that require further study include management that allows fertility preservation, improved non-invasive prenatal diagnosis methods for affected fetuses, the use of chelation therapy during pregnancy, and indications for and duration of anticoagulation.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with an early diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To examine pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) based on the timing of diagnosis. Method: We compared demographics, blood sugars and outcomes between women diagnosed before (n = 167) or after 24 weeks’ gestation (n = 1202) in a single hospital between 2009 and 2012. Because early screening is risk-based we used propensity score modelling and conditional logistic regression to account for systematic differences. Results: Women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks were more likely to be obese and they were less likely to have excess gestational weight gain (35 vs. 45%, p = 0.04). Early diagnosis was associated with more frequent therapy including glyburide (65 vs. 56%, p < 0.001) and insulin (19 vs 6%, p < 0.001). After propensity score modelling and accounting for covariates, early diagnosis was associated with an increased risk for macrosomia (OR 2, 95% 1–4.15, p = 0.0498). Early diagnosis was not associated with other adverse outcomes. In a subgroup analysis comparing women treated with glyburide prior to 24 weeks compared to those diagnosed after 24 weeks, early diagnosis in women treated with glyburide was associated with an increased risk for macrosomia (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.1–5.4, P = 0.04). Conclusion: Women diagnosed with GDM before 24 weeks have unique features, are at risk for adverse outcomes, and require targeted approaches to therapy.
Pregnancy outcomes in women with endometriosis; BacKGroUnD: The aim of this study was to investigate whether patients with endometriosis who achieved pregnancy have a higher risk for pregnancy complications and adverse perinatal outcomes as compared to patients without endometriosis. MeTHoDS: The study compared obstetrical and perinatal outcomes of women with and without endometriosis who delivered between 1988-2013 at the Soroka University Medical center. The study population included 504 deliveries divided into the following groups: 1) women with endometriosis (n.=35); and 2) without endometriosis (n.=467). endometriosis was diagnosed by laparoscopy or laparotomy. Multiple logistic regression models were used to control for confounders. RESULTS: No significant increase in obstetrical complications was noted in the endometriosis group, but significantly higher rates of cesarean sections. Perinatal outcomes were comparable between the groups. conclUSionS: in our population, endometriosis was not found as a risk factor for obstetrical complications or adverse perinatal outcomes. larger population based cohort studies are needed to clarify the relationship between endometriosis and adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Delivery outcomes of large-for-gestational-age newborns stratified by the presence or absence of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate separate and combined contributions of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and large-for-gestational age (LGA) on delivery outcomes. Methods: In a retrospective cohort study of term singleton deliveries between 2007 and 2014 in Tel Aviv, Israel, outcomes were compared between non-GDM/AGA pregnancies (reference) and three study groups: non-GDM/LGA, GDM/appropriate for gestational age (AGA) and GDM/LGA. Results: Overall, there were 62 102 deliveries, of which 53 201 (85.7%) were eligible for inclusion. Of these, 43 775 (82.3%) were non-GDM/AGA, 6441 (12.1%) non-GDM/LGA, 2351 (4.4%) GDM/AGA, and 634 (1.2%) GDM/LGA. Compared with the reference group, the study groups had higher mean maternal age and higher rates of previous cesarean delivery, polyhydramnios, induction of labor, and cesarean delivery. Considering only women attempting vaginal delivery, the three groups were independently associated with adverse outcomes including cesarean delivery (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.5, 1.6, and 2.6 for non-GDM/LGA, GDM/AGA, and GDM/LGA, respectively), mainly for prolonged first stage of labor, and hypoglycemia (aOR, 1.9, 2.5, and 4.6, respectively). LGA with and without GDM was associated with shoulder dystocia (aOR, 14.5 and 6.9, respectively), prolonged second stage, and jaundice. Conclusion: GDM and LGA share similarities in pregnancy complications. The presence of both has a cumulative impact.
Rupture of the scarred and unscarred gravid uterus: Outcomes and risk factors analysis; Objective: To study the maternal and fetal outcomes and assess the risk factors in patients with rupture at the lower-segment or non-lower-segment scarred, or unscarred gravid uterus. Materials and Methods: Gravid patients with uterine rupture were retrospectively collected in Chang-Gung Memorial Hospital from November 2004 to July 2017. The rupture timing and location in association with maternal and fetal outcomes were collected as well as the possible risk factors including surgical history and interval prior to conception were analyzed. Results: Thirty patients were included [mean age (±SEM), 34.4 ± 0.7 years; mean body mass index, 25.0 ± 0.6 kg/m2] with mean onset of rupture at 34.2 ± 0.9 weeks, in which, 12 occurred at term and 18 at preterm (range 20–34 weeks). Four fetal demises, 22 transferals to neonatal intensive care unit, and 17 maternal blood transfusions without maternal mortality were noted. Twenty-two patients presented with acute abdominal pain and/or abnormal fetal heart rate tracing were managed with emergent cesarean delivery. Four ruptures were found in postpartum of vaginal delivery, in which 3 were after trials of labor after cesarean delivery and 1 was unscarred uterus, and two of the four eventually underwent hysterectomy. Unscarred uterus (n = 6) without identifiable risk factor ruptured in significantly later gestation associated with higher fetal birthweights than those of the scarred uterus (n = 24) (both p < 0.05), both of which yielded morbidity. The rupture timing between patients of non-lower-segment scar (n = 14) and lower-segment scar (n = 10) were not significantly different. Conclusion: Rupture of gravid uterus prevalently occurred after 30 weeks of gestation with remarkable morbidity. Unscarred uterus could rupture in later gestation than the scarred ones without identifiable risk factor. Alertness to the acute abdominal pain, atypical from uterine contraction or the suspicious fetal heart rate tracing is the key to the timely rescue and successful management.
Management of prediabetes; Prediabetes is an intermediate stage of hyperglycaemia, characterized by impaired fasting glucose, impaired glucose tolerance and/ or an HbA1c ranging from 5.7-6.4%. Prediabetes is associated with an increased risk of progression to overt diabetes and increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Several intervention studies have demonstrated that onset of diabetes can be prevented or delayed with intensive lifestyle modification and oral antidiabetic agents including metformin, thiazolidinediones and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. Prediabetes management should focus on lifestyle modification and multiple risk factor management. In cases at high risk, use of oral antidiabetic agents may be considered.
Mediterranean diet and health outcomes in the SUN cohort; The Mediterranean Dietary (MedDiet) Pattern has been linked to many beneficial health effects. This review summarizes the main findings of a prospective cohort study, the Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra (SUN) cohort, specifically focused on MedDiet and the risk of major chronic disease. It is an open cohort in which 22,786 Spanish university graduates have participated since 1999 until February 2018. Data on diet, lifestyle and clinical diagnosis are collected at baseline and every two years. After reviewing 21 publications from the SUN cohort on the effects of the MedDiet, we conclude that this cohort has provided good evidence that a high MedDiet adherence is associated with a reduced incidence of all-cause mortality, fatal and non-fatal major cardiovascular disease (CVD), type 2 diabetes, weight gain, metabolic syndrome, depression, cognitive decline, and nephrolithiasis. An inverse dose-response relationship was found for many of these associations. The MedDiet was also associated with lower average heart rate, a mitigation of the harmful effects of overweight/obesity on the risk of CVD, and an attenuation of the effects of obesity on type 2 diabetes. A suggestion that the MedDiet may enhance fertility was also found.
Use of the Myocardial Performance Index in Decreased Fetal Movement Assessment: A Case-Control Study; Objectives: To determine whether there are any fetal cardiac function changes, as measured by the myocardial performance index (MPI), in pregnancies complicated by decreased fetal movement (DFM). Methods: We performed a prospective cross-sectional case-control study of 50 DFM and 50 uncomplicated third-trimester pregnancies matched within 2 gestational weeks. Routine ultrasound growth and well-being parameters as well as MPI were measured. Average MPI measurements and its component values were compared between the DFM and the control group, as were demographics, other ultrasound data, and perinatal outcomes. Results: Average left MPI (LMPI) and right MPI (RMPI) was similar between groups (LMPI: 0.54 ± 0.08 [DFM], 0.53 ± 0.08 [controls], p = 0.76; RMPI: 0.60 ± 0.12 (DFM), 0.59 ± 0.11 [controls], p = 0.79). However, subgroup analysis of DFM fetuses with (n = 20) or without (n = 30) any adverse perinatal outcome demonstrated modestly higher average RMPI and LMPI in the adverse perinatal outcome group (RMPI: 0.64 ± 0.08 vs. 0.57 ± 0.13, p = 0.02; LMPI: 0.56 ± 0.07 vs. 0.52 ± 0.07, p = 0.052). Conclusion: The MPI did not demonstrate clinically usable differences between the overall DFM population and controls. However, higher LMPI and RMPI values in the exploratory subgroup of DFM fetuses with adverse perinatal outcomes may warrant further exploration of the MPI in DFM.
Unusual case of uniparental disomy of chromosome 18 with normal phenotype; Case This is an interesting case of a 35 year old Bengali woman with high risk for trisomy 18 of 1 in 50 (at term) on quadruple testing at 15 + 2 weeks. Amniocentesis was carried out at 16+1 weeks. QF-PCR report was normal for T21 and T13 but uninformative for T18. The microarray result and parental genetic testing confirmed a uniparental disomy (UPD) of chromosome 18 with both copies inherited from the mother. This is a rare finding with the estimated risk to the baby being around 4% due to possibility of low level T18 mosaicism or if the mother carries a recessive gene on chromosome 18. Anomaly scan and fetal echocardiogram were normal and serial growth scans were normal until 36 weeks with a slight decrease in growth velocity on the last scan. She developed gestational diabetes antenatally treated with metformin. She was induced at 37 + 3 and following 1 mg of Prostin® (Pfizer Limited, Sandwich, Kent), proceeded to have a successful vaginal delivery. A female infant was born with Apgars 9, 10, 10 weighing 3035 g. Baby appeared phenotypically normal and was discharged with the mother on day 1 of life and will be followed up with a geneticist at Great Ormond Street Hospital at 3 months of age. UPD occurs where both copies of a chromosome pair are inherited from one parent. Known conditions arising from this are Prader-Willi syndrome and Angelman syndrome (chromosome 15). Our review of the literature found no other reported cases of UPD of chromosome 18.
Anti N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor encephalitis in pregnancy, a rare neuropsychiatric syndrome; Background Anti NMDA-receptor encephalitis is a rare, serious and potentially fatal condition that could affect young women and recently been associated with ovarian teratoma. Its clinical presentation is non-specific, thus diagnosis and treatment is often delayed. To date, there are only ten Anti NMDA Receptor Encephalitis cases in pregnancy reported worldwide. We present the first case reported in England of Anti NMDA Receptor Encephalitis in pregnancy. Case A 34 year old woman, para one, low risk with no past medical nor mental health problem. She presented with an acute psychotic episode at nine weeks of gestation. Initial investigations including bloods and CT brain were normal. She was sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Following this, she collapsed with a tonic-clonic seizure, went into respiratory failure and episode of bradycardia with loss of cardiac output requiring cardiopulmonary resuscitation. Anti NMDA receptor antibody was found both in her bloods and cerebrospinal fluid. An early pregnancy scan showed a small left ovarian teratoma which was confirmed by a pelvic MRI. Combination of IVIg, steroids, plasmapheresis and removal surgery had improved her condition. She recovered well and carried on with her pregnancy. She developed gestational diabetes as a result of prolonged steroid treatment. However, the remainder of the pregnancy was uneventful and she had normal delivery. The baby was well with no neurological deficit. Conclusion Anti NMDA receptor antibody encephalitis in pregnancy requires multidisciplinary team approach in order to timely diagnose and prompt treatment for best outcome of both mother and baby.
Haemodynamic changes amongst women who were screened for gestational diabetes in comparison to healthy controls; Objectives To assess the changes in haemodynamics amongst pregnant women who were screened for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in comparison to low-risk healthy (control) pregnant women. Methods A total of 120 pregnant women of mean age 31.03 (5.41) years who attended their oral glucose tolerance test as part of the national screening for GDM, and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women of mean age 29.71 (5.33) years, were invited to participate in this study. All women included in the study booked at the University Hospitals of Leicester NHS Trust and fulfilled the relevant inclusion criteria. Non-invasive assessment of arterial stiffness and cardiac output were undertaken on participants between 26 and 28 weeks of pregnancy and analysed by a twosample unpaired t-test. Results Significant differences were found between at risk GDM and control groups in brachial (-64.5 versus -69.5, P < 0.04) and aortic augmentation indices (5.2 versus 2.7, P = 0.04), though there was no significant difference for PWV (8.3 versus 8.1, P = 0.49). Cardiac output (7.6 versus 7.0, P = 0.011), stroke volume (84.4 versus 76.9, P = 0.013) and central mean BP (71 versus 58, <0.001) was also significantly different between groups. However, no significant differences were reported for heart rate, systolic and diastolic BP, or total peripheral resistance. Conclusion Pregnant women at risk of GDM between gestational weeks 26 and 28 had significantly increased measures of arterial stiffness, as assessed by brachial and aortic augmentation indices, compared with low-risk healthy pregnancy. Whether these women are at greater long-term cardiovascular disease risk warrants further investigation.
The effects of metformin on maternal haemodynamics in gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot study; Objectives To assess longitudinal changes in maternal haemodynamics amongst pregnant women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) requiring either metformin or diet therapy in comparison to low-risk healthy controls, and to investigate the effects of metformin. Methods Fifty-six consecutive pregnant women attending their first appointment at the GDM clinic and 60 low-risk healthy pregnant women (control) attending their routine antenatal clinics were recruited and assigned to three groups: GDM metformin (GDM-M), GDM Diet (GDM-D) and Control. Non-invasive assessment of maternal haemodynamics, including arterial stiffness measurements (Arteriograph™ [TensioMed®, Budapest, Hungary]), were undertaken under controlled conditions within four gestational windows: antenatal (AN1) (26-28 weeks), AN2 (32-34 weeks) and AN3 (37-40 weeks), and postnatal (PN) (6- 8 weeks after delivery). Results Results showed evidence of a two-way interaction effect between groups (GDM-D, GDM-M and Control) and stages of gestation (AN1, AN2, AN3 and PN) for maternal haemodynamic parameters: brachial artery augmentation index (AIx) (P = 0.004), aortic AIx (P = 0.008), and central systolic BP (P = 0.001). However, differences in respect of aortic pulse wave velocity (P = 0.001) and heart rate (P < 0.001) were only significant for gestational stage, but not between groups. At AN2, metformin therapy had a potential beneficial effect on AIx, with a non-significant mean difference between GDM-M and control groups (P = 0.15). Conclusion AIx and central systolic BP measures of arterial stiffness are adversely affected by GDM in comparison to controls during pregnancy. The potential beneficial effects of metformin therapy seen at 32-34 weeks of gestation require further exploration in a future intervention trial.
Is ANGPTL4marker the epigenetical programpredisposition to CAD in offspring?; Background: Endothelial dysfunction (ED) is one of the key risk factors for almost all of cardiovascular diseases. There is a convincing evidence that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with structural and functional changes in various tissues, including the ED as well as future development of chronic disease in offspring. Angiopoietin-like protein 4 (ANGPTL4) is a multifunctional signal protein, expressed in many tissues and involved in different physiological processes regulation, such as: plasma glucose level and tolerance regulation, angiogenesis, vascular permeability in acute myocardial infarction experimental models and so on. Today there is no sufficient data on the role of ANGPTL4 human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) in GDM patients. Purpose: The aim of this study was to investigate the maternal hyperglycemia influence on the manifestation of fetal endothelial dysfunction through the ANGPTL4 expression in HUVEC. Materials and methods: the study included 41 women with GDM that were treated for GDM started before the 30-th week of gestation (GDM1), 9 women treated for GDM after the 34-th week of gestation (GDM2) and 25 women without any GDM (the control group). The diagnosis of GDM was based on International Association of Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups criteria. Age and pregestational body mass index did not differ between the groups. HUVECs were isolated and expanded in vitro up to passage 2 and tested for viability and replicative senescence. Immunophenotype was determined by the Flow Cytometry analysis. The level of genes expression was determined by the RT-PCR. ANGPTL4 concentration in conditional medium was measured using the ELISA kit. Statistical significance was assessed by the Mann Whitney test, using the Graph Pad software; results were considered significant for a p-value<0,05. Results: the ANGPTL4 expression differed significantly between the control and GDM groups: 98,33620,92 vs 22,2763,97 (control vs GDM1; p<0,001), and 98,33620,92 vs 13,5564,32 (control vs GDM2; p<0,01) while no substantial difference between the GDM1 and GDM2 groups was observed. Sperman's correlation showed association between the levels of ANGPTL4 mRNA expression and angptl4 protein in conditional medium in the control (r=0,788, p<0,0001) and GDM1 (r=0,376, p=0,031) groups. In the GDM2 group the correlation between ANGPTL4 expression and secretion was disrupted (r=-0,714, p=0,088). Conclusion: ANGPTL4 expression in HUVECs from GDM patients was found out to be lower compared to the control groups. In the GDM-derived samples the correlation between the ANGPTL4 expression and secretion was disrupted, which could indicate the alterations in posttranscription regulation of ANGPTL4 in endothelial cells. That may explain a potential mechanism of the intrauterine hyperglycemia influence on the development of epigenetic program predisposition to CAD in offspring.
A 31-year old postpartum woman with thunderclap headache: A case of segmental cerebral vasoconstriction secondary to pheochromocytoma; Objective: Illustrate a case of pheochromocytoma presenting with recurrent thunderclap headache and segmental cerebral vasoconstriction that resolves after surgical resection. Background: Pheochromocytoma is a rare but curable cause for recurrent thunderclap headache and cerebral vasoconstriction. There are limited cases in the literature highlighting the severe neurologic complications associated with pheochromocytoma. Design/Methods: NA CASE: A 31-year-old postpartum woman (G1P1) with history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia developed recurrent thunderclap headaches in the peripartum period. Vital signs were notable for systolic blood pressures in the 140s. Neurologic examination was nonfocal. Initial CT head, CT angiography, and CT venography was unremarkable. Her symptoms were controlled with oral and intravenous analgesics. Unfortunately, her headaches intensified following discharge. Therefore, she underwent brain MRI and MR angiography, which revealed multiple foci of intracranial vascular narrowing. Lumbar puncture was pursued, which demonstrated: total nucleated cells, 1 cell/mcL; glucose, 65 mg/dL; protein, 85 mg/dL; and 0 oligoclonal bands. Upon further questioning, the patient endorsed similar paroxysmal headaches one year earlier. Therefore, a 24-hour urine metanephrine study was obtained, revealing markedly elevated urine metanephrines. Subsequent CT abdomen/pelvis exposed a 3.5 cm complex solid and cystic mass in the left adrenal gland, consistent with a pheochromocytoma. She was referred to General Surgery and underwent a robotic-assisted left adrenalectomy. Pathology confirmed diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. Patient exhibited complete headache resolution following surgery. Follow-up MR angiography oneweek later revealed interval resolution of the vascular narrowing. Conclusions: Recurrent thunderclap headache in a young person should prompt consideration of reversible cerebral vasoconstriction syndrome; however, this diagnosis implies a monophasic course with complete or substantial normalization of cerebral arteries on angiography within 12 weeks of symptom-onset. This case highlights a potential neurologic complication associated with pheochromocytoma and should serve to instruct clinicians to search for other mechanisms of cerebral vasoconstriction in atypical cases.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle; Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity, dysglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether systemic impairment in insulin sensitivity is associated with lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in peripheral insulin target tissues, such as liver or skeletal muscle. We performed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies and observed that letrozole-treated mice were indeed insulin resistant independent of body weight. Additionally, letrozole-treated mice had an overall lower glucose infusion rate and glucose turnover, when normalized to body weight. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate, which is indicative of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. In contrast, there was no difference observed in insulin-stimulated suppression of hepatic glucose production. Lastly, ex vivo 2-deoxyglucose uptake into skeletal muscle upon insulin stimulation was significantly reduced in letrozole-treated mice compared to placebo. These results are in agreement with our previous findings that indicated skeletal muscle-specific insulin signaling (as measured by AKT phosphorylation) was blunted in letrozole-treated mice. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle. Future studies will focus on mechanisms involved in skeletal insulin resistance in this mouse model.
Transgenerational effects of maternal obesity and gestational diabetes on child body composition and left ventricle mass-RADIEL study 6 years follow-up; Objectives: Maternal obesity and gestational diabetes (GDM) are related to child's early weight gain and long-term cardiovascular risk. Fetal programming has been hypothesized to be the underlying mechanism. We aimed to investigate the influence of maternal adiposity and GDM on child body composition and left ventricle mass (LVM) at 6 years of age. Methods: The observational follow-up study included 201 motherchild pairs (boys, n=111), a subcohort from the Finnish Gestational Diabetes Prevention Study. GDM was diagnosed in 96 mothers, 36 of whom required medication. Mother and child's anthropometrics, body composition, blood pressure, and offspring echocardiography were performed at the mean of 6,1 years (SD 0,5) from delivery. Results: Maternal pre-pregnancy BMI (30,5 kg/m2; SD 5,6) correlated with child body fat percentage (BF%; r=0,2; p=0,01) and was reflected in increased child BMI (mean z-score 0,45 kg/m2; SD 0,93). LVM correlated with child and maternal anthropometrics, lean body mass (LBM), fat mass, child's age, sex, and systolic blood pressure (Table 1). In a stepwise linear regression model, LVM was independently predicted only by child LBM(r2=0,434). LVM, left ventricle mass index (LVMI, g/m2.09) and LVM z-score were not associated with pre-pregnancy BMI, GDM exposure, or child BF%. LVMI and LBMwere higher (p<0,001; p=0,002), but BF% lower (p<0,001), in boys compared with girls. Conclusions: LVMat six years of age depends predominantly on child LBM, which is correlated with height, weight, and sex, and influenced by maternal LBM. Maternal pre-gestational adiposity is reflected in child adiposity, increasing future cardiovascular risk, but no association between LVMand child adiposity or evidence of fetal programming related to GDM was found in early childhood. (Table Presented).
Fetal cardiac function in maternal diabetes: A speckle tracking echocardiography study; Introduction: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this study was to assess systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes when compared with controls, using speckle tracking echocardiography. We hypothesized that fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes present signs of biventricular dysfunction which can be detected by deformation analysis. Methods: Cross-sectional study of 129 structurally normal heart fetuses, including 76 fetuses of diabetic mothers and 53 of non-diabetic mothers. Maternal baseline characteristics and echocardiographic data were prospectively collected at 30-33 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetuses of diabetic mothers had a significantly thicker interventricular septum when compared to controls [median (IQR): 4.25 (3.87-4.50)mm Vs 3.67 (3.40-3.93)mm, p <0.001], however no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation. Deformation analysis showed a significantly lower early and late diastolic strain rate for both ventricles in the maternal diabetes group, suggesting a biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, a lower global longitudinal strain was observed for the right ventricle in the study group. (Table 1) Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricle global longitudinal strain (p< 0.05), with a significant effect only in maternal diabetes after group stratification. Conclusions: Fetuses of diabetic mothers present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricle systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis at the third-trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. (Table Presented).
Differences between echocardiographic features of newborns large for gestational age, newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and newborns appropriate for gestational age; Introduction: We studied echocardiographic features of asymptomatic newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes (GDM), newborns large for gestational age (LGA) and newborns appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Methods: The study involved 60 singleton full-term newborn babies on whom echocardiogram were perfomed within the 24th- 72 th hours after delivery. None of the patients had perinatal asphyxia. None of patients had congenital heart disease or metabolic disturbance. There were 20 LGA, 20 newborns of mothers with GDM and 20 AGA. Five of the diabetic mothers used insulin during pregnancy. MMod measurements of left ventricle, left atrium and systolic and diastolic diameters of ascending aorta (Asc Ao) were obtained with 2D Echocardiography (Philips Medical Systems Affiniti 50) equipped with Neonatal Sector S12-4; systolic functions were calculated from MMod. Mitral inflow parameters were measured by Pulse Wave Doppler echocardiography for assesment of left ventricular diastolic functions. Tissue doppler echocardiography was performed, MPI index was calculated. Results: Left ventricular diastolic diameter (LVDd), left ventricular posterior wall diameter (LVPWd) and left atrial diameter (LAD) were higher in LGA group than AGA group (p=0.017, p=0.020; respectively). Aortic diameter and diameter of ascending aorta at diastole were higher in LGA than AGA group (p=0.001, p=0.039; respectively). In comparison of AGA and newborn of GDM, no statistical difference was obtained between echocardiographic parameters of two groups. LADwas larger in newborns ofGDMin comparison of AGA and newborn of diabetic mothers groups (p=0.0008). There was no correlation between body surface area, height, weight and left atrial and left ventricular dimensions in LGA group. Conclusions: Fetal macrosomia is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and fetal hypoxia, even intrauterine death. Cardiac biomarkers were found to be increased in LGA newborns compared to AGA newborns in a previous study. Enlargement of left heart chambers in LGA in our study might be a consequence of this finding. Although we did not study elasticity parameters of aorta, the difference in diameters in aorta and Asc Ao might be related to aortic elasticity properties of these infants. Low insulin usage might explain the indifference in myocardial functions in GDM group.
A case of diabetic ketoacidosis in pregnancy; Objective: Diabetes has affected people worldwide across different ethnicity, gender, including the obstetric population. We report a case of a 28 year-old, multi-gravid, who has not been previously diagnosed with diabetes in her 1st and 2nd pregnancy, with no family history of diabetes, but developed severe Diabetic Ketoacidosis (DKA) in her third pregnancy. Case Presentation: A 28 year old, Filipino, on her 24th week age of gestation presented with dyspnea and vomiting. On admission, she was received lethargic and hypotensive with a blood pressure of 80/50mmhg, a heart rate of 120-130 beats per min, and tachypneic. She had muscle weakness and significant premature uterine contractions. Her random blood glucose was only 357 mg/dl but was severely acidotic. Arterial Blood Gas revealed a ph of 7.036, HCO3 of 2.6 mmol/L and PCO2 of 9.5 mmHg, with serum ketones of 4.9mmol/L and an anion gap of 34mmol/L. An ultrasound of the abdomen revealed a single live, 24 weeks by fetal biometry with good cardiac and somatic activity, but with sonographic consideration of hydrops fetalis with cardiac enlargement. She was advised to have a complete prenatal diagnostic work up for which she did not comply, and came in with a critical presentation that has lead to maternal and fetal complications. Discussion: Pregnancy is a physiologic state that can lead to a significant change in metabolism. Understanding the biochemical feedback compared to the non-pregnant state is important in the diagnosis of diabetes. A serious but rare metabolic complication is DKA in Pregnancy. Our case is a rare complication of diabetes in pregnancy in the era of approved insulin analogue use. The incidence of DKA in Pregnancy varies from 0.5%, the lowest reported rate in western countries to 8.9% in a study conducted in China. The degree of hyperglycemia in pregnancy complicated by DKA does not present with significant elevation as it may be blunted due to several maternal and fetal adaptive mechanisms. Therefore, it is a diagnostic challenge because the glucose levels are either near normal or not as elevated as the non-pregnant DKA state due to the biochemical feedback. Conclusion: This case illustrates a rare but preventable complication of pregnancy. If diagnosed right away and managed properly, maternal complications can be minimized. Review of hospital records did not show any similar reported case in the files of Cebu Doctors' University Hospital. Our case illustrates vigilance in diagnosis as it may have long term complications both for the mother and the unborn child.
Octreotide use for rescue of vision in a pregnant patient with acromegaly-a case report; Acromegaly is a rare disease characterised by excessive Growth Hormone production. Subfertility is common in acromegaly, therefore pregnancy in acromegaly is rare. Here we present a case of first presentation of acromegaly in pregnancy and rescue of visual field loss with somatostatin analogue therapy.A 32 year old woman presented at 11 week's gestation of a planned pregnancy to her local hospital with headaches. A CT brain demonstrated a pituitary lesion. She was referred to her regional endocrine centre and was noted to have features of acromegaly. She had an oral glucose tolerance test at 12/40 to confirm the diagnosis; her plasma glucose concentrations were in the normal range, however she failed to suppress her plasma GH. Her IGf-1 was also significantly elevated at 82nmol/L (normal range 9-33nmol/L). MRI confirmed a 3.2 X 2.7 X 2.8cm mass with significant compression of the infundibulum and optic chiasm. She had a left upper quadrantanopia visual field loss on formal testing. On discussion of both surgical and medical options our patient opted for medical therapy and was initiated on Octreotide 100 micrograms tds subcutaneously at 16/40. Visual fields completely recovered on repeat visual field testing after 2 weeks. At 24/40 there was further deterioration in visual fields, at which point the dose of Octreotide was increased to 150 micrograms tds. This once again allowed return of visual fields to normal within 2 weeks. She was diagnosed with gestational diabetes when screened at 14/40. She was initially treated with diet modifications but was commenced on insulin at 22/40 due to elevated fasting capillary glucose readings. There was no significant increase in insulin requirements following the increase in octreotide dose. She remained normotensive throughout pregnancy. Foetal growth continued along the 50th centile throughout pregnancy. An elective caesarean section was planned at 34/40. The foetal weight was 3.2Kg at birth with an APGAR score of 9. She is menstruating regularly post partum. She did not breastfeed. She is currently stable on 40mg ocretotdie LAR and has been referred for surgical intervention. This is the first case we are aware of where octreotide was used to treat visual field deficit in the setting of Acromegaly newly diagnosed in pregnancy.∗Unless otherwise noted, all abstracts presented at ENDO are embargoed until the date and time of presentation. The Endocrine Society reserves the right to lift the embargo on specific abstracts that are selected for promotion prior to or during ENDO.
Are patients with PCOS appropriately screened for associated CO morbidities?; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), a common condition with systemic metabolic manifestations, is present in 12%-21% of women of reproductive age. Up to 70% of women with PCOS are undiagnosed and suffer from medical and psychological co morbidities such as dyslipidemia, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, depression, obstructive sleep apnea, infertility, gestational diabetes, and endometrial cancer. The big triad of dyslipidemia, hypertension, and diabetes increases their risk for premature coronary artery disease, and women with PCOS have a seven-fold increased risk of myocardial infarction. Diagnostic criteria for PCOS from NIH, Rotterdam, and the PCOS society all include recommended testing for clinical/biochemical hyperandrogenism, oligo/anovulation, and ovarian morphology on ultrasound. Furthermore, these guidelines note that patients with PCOS are considered at high risk for associated metabolic abnormalities and recommend that clinicians employ risk reduction measures to prevent morbidity and mortality. We hypothesized that practitioners do not routinely perform the recommended screening for diagnosis of PCOS. To study this question, we assessed whether primary care physicians and specialists (endocrinology and OB/Gyn) in community clinics screen PCOS patients for co morbidities in accordance with the recommended guidelines. A retrospective chart review was performed for all women aged 21-50 years with the multicenter system in Baltimore, Maryland, and Washington, D.C., from January 2012 through December 2016. Data for teaching and non-teaching clinicians were also compared. Of 1336 patients 514 patients were excluded for not meeting criteria for PCOS, leaving 822 patients who met inclusion criteria, which was unexpected. Of the 822 patients 463 were diagnosed by primary care providers 209 by endocrinologists, and 150 by OB/Gyn. Teaching physicians incompletely diagnosed PCOS significantly more often than the non-teaching groups (P <0.0001).The screening rate for hypertension, ovarian cysts, hyperlipidemia, and obesity in PCOS patients was also significantly lower in teaching facilities compared with non-teaching settings. All subspecialty groups had relatively low rates of complete screening for PCOS, but endocrinologists screened significantly less (P < 0.05) than other groups for dyslipidemia, hypertension, obesity, and depression. These findings reveal shortcomings in care of women's health, which focuses on prevention, screening, diagnosis, and treatment of disorders that are unique to women. Further study is needed to understand the reasons for this lack of screening especially among teaching clinicians and endocrinologists and to devise ways to improve screening for PCOS-associated comorbidities in the many women affected.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle; Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity, dysglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and insulin resistance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether systemic impairment in insulin sensitivity is associated with lower insulin-stimulated glucose disposal in peripheral insulin target tissues, such as liver or skeletal muscle. We performed hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies of body weight. Additionally, letrozole-treated mice had an overall lower glucose infusion rate and glucose turnover, when normalized to body weight. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited an impaired insulin-stimulated glucose disposal rate, which is indicative of insulin resistance in skeletal muscle. In contrast, there was no difference observed in insulin-stimulated suppression of hepatic glucose production. These results are in agreement with our previous findings that indicated skeletal muscle-specific insulin signaling (as measured by AKT phosphorylation) was blunted in letrozole-treated mice. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits impaired insulin action in skeletal muscle. Future studies will focus on mechanisms involved in skeletal insulin resistance in this mouse model.
Abdominal aortic thrombosis in a newborn as a rare result of dehydration; Objective: Thrombotic diseases are rare in neonates and arterial thrombosis is less frequently observed than venous thrombosis. Arterial thrombosis following hypernatremic dehydration is rare.We aim to report a case of a 9 day old neonate with severe aortic thrombosis associated with hypernatremic dehydration managed with surgical thrombectomy and unfractionated heparin treatment. Methods and results: A 9 day old baby boy with a body weight of 3.900 grams was born at 38 weeks of gestation. The prenatal history was normal. Over the next 9 days at home, the child had become increasingly lethargic, irritable and bruising on left leg. The baby was admitted to our newborn intensive care unit with an ischemic left foot. The child's weight was 2.850 g and the left foot was ischemic and cyanotic (Figure 1C). The femoral pulses were impalpable. Lower extremity doppler ultrasound and computed tomography angiography showed a normal sized abdominal aorta but a thrombus was present just below the level of the infrarenal segments extending down to the bilateral main, internal, external iliac arteries and left femoral, superficial and popliteal artery (Figure 1A). On the basis of these findings, intravenous infusion of 20 U/kg/h was initiated after 50 U/kg/h dose heparin bolus. Crystalloid solutions were started for rehydration. Thrombectomy was performed with 3F Fogarty catheter. On postoperative fifteen days, the appearance of lower extremity did not improved (Figure 1B), doppler ultrasonography and computed tomography angiography were applied for follow up and no flow was observed after the distal segment of the infrarenal abdominal aorta. The patient underwent thrombectomy again. After 10 days of intravenous heparin treatment, low molecular weight heparin was continued for the next 3 months, as there was incomplete resolution of thrombus in the aortoiliac segments. Approximately 1 month later, left transfemoralamputation was performed by orthopedic surgery department. Conclusions: The most common causes of thrombotic disease in this age group are perinatal asphyxia, infant of maternal diabetes, renal disease, dehydration, twin to twin transfusion, sepsis, polycythaemia, aneurysm of the ductus arteriosus, coarctation of the aorta, malignant or autoimmune diseases, trauma or surgery, low cardiac output, inherited thrombophilia and catheterisation of the central large vessels. Decreased fluid intake due to high fever, diarrhea, inadequate breastfeeding or improperly prepared infant formula is a cause of severe dehydration in the neonatal period. The longterm complications reported following neonatal aortic thrombosis are severe and include hypertension, limb length inequality, claudication, paraplegia, small kidneys and abnormal renal function. Neonatal thrombosis may result in death or severe morbidity because of irreversible tissue damage. Therefore, medical and surgical treatment should be started without losing time.
Phenylephrine to obtund Oxytocin-induced Hemodynamic Changes during caesarean section; Aim: To compare mean hemodynamic changes in patients receiving phenylephrine as co-administration with oxytocin in elective caesarian section. Study Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Department of anesthesia, Nishtar hospital Multan. Duration of Study: Dec-2017 to May-2018. Methods: A total number of 70 patients who underwent elective cesarean section (CS) under spinal anesthesia were included in this study. Group I: was allotted to patients in whom phenylephrine was administrated just prior to the administration of oxytocin and Group II: was allocated to the patients in whom a 3 ml injection of normal saline was given prior to oxytocin administration. Mean hemodynamic changes were measured in terms of changes in systolic blood pressure (SBP) and heart rate in every patient before administration of oxytocin and after 3 minutes. Mean changes in SBP and Heart rate was measured. Data analysis was carried out using SPSS v 20.0. Independent sample t-test was used to compare mean change in systolic blood pressure and heart rate between the groups. Results: Mean age of patients included in this study was 28.10±4.85 years. There were 4(5.7%) females who were having eclampsia during pregnancy and 5(7.14%) females were having gestational diabetes mellitus.Mean change in SBP was more in placebo group -8.13±18.02 versus -0.43±8.35 mmHg in phenylephrine group (p-value 0.04). Mean change in heart rate was 5.8±13.81 beat/min as compared to -14.06±11.39 beats/min in phenylephrine group (p-value <0.001). Conclusion: Phenylephrine significantly obtund oxytocin-induced changes in systolic blood pressure and heart rate (in terms of tachycardia) during caesarean section.
Incidence, Risk Factors, and Clinical Characteristics of Peripartum Cardiomyopathy in South Korea; Background: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare disorder associated with pregnancy that can lead to life-threatening conditions. The incidence and clinical characteristics of this condition remain poorly understood. Methods and Results: We aimed to perform the first population-based study of PPCM in South Korea, using the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Patients who fulfilled predefined diagnostic criteria for PPCM from January 1, 2010, to December 31, 2012, were identified from International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. To discriminate PPCM from other causes of heart failure, we excluded subjects who already had heart failure-related International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision, Clinical Modification codes at least 1 year before delivery. During the study period, there were 1 404 551 deliveries in South Korea, and we excluded 20 159 patients who already had heart failure. In those, a total of 795 cases were identified as PPCM. Patients with PPCM were older, had a higher prevalence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus, and were more likely to be primiparous and have multiple pregnancies. Moreover, cesarean section and pregnancy-related complications and in-hospital death were also more common in patients with PPCM. Intriguingly, a considerable number of heart failure cases (n=64; 8.1% of total PPCM) were noted between 5 and 12 months after delivery. Conclusions: The incidence of PPCM was 1 in 1741 deliveries in South Korea. Patients with PPCM were older, were more associated with primiparity and multiple pregnancy, had more pregnancy-related complications, and revealed higher in-hospital mortality than controls. The number of cases diagnosed as PPCM were decreased over time after delivery; however, a large number of patients were still noted through 12 months after delivery.
Does a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus Affect Key Outcomes in Women Participating in a Diabetes Prevention Program?; Objectives To evaluate lifestyle change outcomes among women with and without a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) enrolled in the Montana Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP). Methods Participation, self-monitoring behavior, weight loss, and cardiometabolic risk reduction were compared among 5091 women at high-risk for type 2 diabetes, with and without a history of GDM, enrolled in the Montana DPP between 2008 and 2015. Results Women with a history of GDM (6% of enrolled women, n = 283) were significantly younger than women without GDM. No significant differences in participation, self-monitoring fat intake, achievement of the physical activity goal, or weight loss were found among women with and without a history of GDM. Overall, women lost an average of 5.0 kg (± 6.5), and 45 and 29% of women achieved 5 and 7% weight loss, respectively. Both groups lost significant and comparable amounts of weight. After adjusting for age and other factors, no differences were found in achievement of ≥ 5% weight loss (AOR 0.84; 95% CI 0.61-1.16) or the ≥ 7% weight loss goal (AOR 1.04; 95% CI 0.73-1.47) among women with and without a history of GDM. Conclusions for Practice Our findings suggest that women with and without a history of GDM successfully participate in and achieve significant weight loss in the DPP. Health care providers should identify and refer women with risk factors for type 2 diabetes, including a history of GDM, to a DPP within their community.
Remodeling of the cardiovascular circulation in fetuses of mothers with diabetes: A fetal computational model analysis; Aims: Myocardial structural and functional abnormalities are known to occur in fetuses of mothers with diabetes mellitus (FMDM). The main aim of this investigation was to explore the cardiovascular circulatory patterns in FMDM using a validated lumped computational model of the cardiovascular system. Methods: This was a multi-institutional study involving FMDM compared to fetuses of maternal controls (FC). Fetal echocardiographic Doppler data from left and right ventricular outflow tracts, aortic isthmus, middle cerebral and umbilical arteries were fitted into a validated fetal circulation computational model to estimate patient-specific placental and vascular properties. Non-parametric comparisons were made between resistances, compliances and flows in the brain and placenta in FMDM and FC. Results: Data from 23 FMDM and 31 FC were fitted into the model. In FMDM, compared to FC, placental relative resistance was lower (0.59 ± 0.50 versus 0.91 ± 0.41; p <.05) with higher brain relative resistance (2.36 ± 1.65 versus 1.60 ± 0.85; p <.05). Middle cerebral artery flow was lower in FMDM than FC (0.12 ± 0.14 vs. 0.27 ± 0.21 ml/min; p 0.04) with a lower cerebral-placental flow ratio. Combined stroke volume was lower in FMDM (3.65 ± 2.05 ml) than FC (4.97 ± 2.45 ml) (p 0.04). Conclusions: Blood flow is redistributed in FMDM to the placenta, away from the brain. This alteration may play a role in the postnatal health of these fetuses.
Pregnancy in women with a cardiomyopathy: Outcomes and predictors from a retrospective cohort; Background: Pregnancies in women with pre-existing cardiomyopathies are considered at high risk for complications. However, few data are available to characterize their natural history and predict the outcome. Aims: Our aim was to evaluate the prevalence and predictors of acute cardiac and obstetric events in women with a cardiomyopathy during pregnancy, excluding peripartum cardiomyopathy. Methods: In this retrospective study in a referral centre for cardiomyopathies, we included 43 consecutive pregnancies in 36 women with dilated, hypertrophic, arrhythmogenic right ventricular or tachycardia-induced cardiomyopathy, or left ventricular non-compaction. Results: We observed a major cardiovascular event during 15 pregnancies (35%), including three cardiac deaths, which occurred in patients who did not follow our usual early multidisciplinary protocol. The Carpreg score was predictive of maternal complication rate (67%, 36% and 31% in women with a Carpreg score of 2, 1 and 0, respectively). However, major cardiac complications occurred in four women with no risk factors. Left ventricular ejection fraction alone, gradient in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, the Zahara score and the modified World Health Organization score appeared to be less discriminant than Carpreg for maternal outcome. There were two intrauterine fetal deaths, nine premature deliveries (23%), 17 low neonatal birth weights (40%) and 11 cases of hypoglycaemia (26%). Conclusions: Pregnancy in women with a cardiomyopathy is at high risk for both women and neonates. The highest risks are observed in women who do not benefit from early multidisciplinary team management, and in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy. Our findings suggest that the Carpreg score is the most appropriate predictor of maternal complications, although the stratification might be improved.
Fetal Cardiac Function in Maternal Diabetes: A Conventional and Speckle-Tracking Echocardiographic Study; Background: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic environment is associated with adverse fetal myocardial remodeling. The aim of this study was to assess the biventricular systolic and diastolic function of fetuses exposed to maternal diabetes (MD) compared with control subjects, using a comprehensive cardiac functional assessment and exploring the role of speckle-tracking to assess myocardial deformation. The authors hypothesized that fetuses exposed to MD present signs of biventricular dysfunction, which can be detected by deformation analysis. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 129 fetuses with structurally normal hearts, including 76 fetuses of mothers with diabetes and 53 of mothers without diabetes. Maternal baseline characteristics, standard fetoplacental Doppler indices, and conventional echocardiographic and myocardial deformation parameters were prospectively collected at 30 to 33 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes had a significantly thicker interventricular septum compared with control subjects (median, 4.25 mm [interquartile range (IQR), 3.87–4.50 mm] vs 3.67 mm [IQR, 3.40–3.93 mm), P <.001), but no effect modification was demonstrated on myocardial deformation analysis. No significant differences were found in conventional systolic and diastolic functional parameters for the left ventricle and right ventricle, except for lower left ventricular cardiac output in the MD group (median, 320 mL/min [IQR, 269–377 mL/min] vs 365 mL/min [IQR, 311–422 mL/min], P <.05]. Deformation analysis demonstrated a significantly lower early diastolic strain rate (SRe) and late diastolic strain rate (SRa) for both ventricles in the MD group (left ventricle: SRe 1.85 ± 0.72 vs 2.26 ± 0.68 sec−1, SRa 1.50 ± 0.52 vs 1.78 ± 0.57 sec−1; right ventricle: SRe 1.57 ± 0.73 vs 1.97 ± 0.73 sec−1, SRa 2 ± 0.77 vs 1.68 ± 0.79 sec−1; P <.05), suggesting biventricular diastolic impairment. Additionally, the right ventricle presented a lower global longitudinal strain in the study group (−13.67 ± 4.18% vs −15.52 ± 3.86%, P <.05). Multivariate analysis revealed that maternal age is an independent predictor of left and right ventricular global longitudinal strain (P <.05), with a significant effect only in MD after group stratification. Conclusions: Fetuses of mothers with diabetes present signs of biventricular diastolic dysfunction and right ventricular systolic dysfunction by deformation analysis in the third trimester of pregnancy. They may represent a special indication group for functional cardiac assessment, independently of septal hypertrophy. Two-dimensional speckle-tracking could offer an additional benefit over conventional echocardiography to detect subclinical unfavorable changes in myocardial function in this population.
Women-specific risk factors for heart failure: A genetic approach; Heart failure is a complex disease, which is presented differently by men and women. Several studies have shown that reproductive factors, such as age at natural menopause, parity and polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), may play a role in the development of heart failure. Shared genetics may provide clues to underlying mechanisms; however, this has never been examined. Therefore, the aim of the current study was to explore whether any reproductive factor is potentially related to heart failure in women, based on genetic similarities. Conducting a systematic literature review, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with reproductive factors, heart failure and its risk factors were extracted from recent genome-wide association studies. We tested whether there was any overlap between the SNPs and their proxies of reproductive risk factors with those known for heart failure or its risk factors. In total, 520 genetic variants were found that are associated with reproductive factors, namely age at menarche, age at natural menopause, menstrual cycle length, PCOS, preeclampsia, preterm delivery and spontaneous dizygotic twinning. For heart failure and associated phenotypes, 25 variants were found. Genetic variants for reproductive factors did not overlap with those for heart failure. However, age at menarche, gestational diabetes and PCOS were found to be genetically linked to risk factors for heart failure, such as atrial fibrillation, diabetes and smoking. Corresponding implicated genes, such as TNNI3K, ErbB3, MKL2, MTNR1B and PRKD1, may explain the associations between reproductive factors and heart failure. Exact effector mechanisms of these genes remain to be investigated further.
Developmental Origins of Health Span and Life Span: A Mini-Review; Background: A vast body of research has demonstrated that disease susceptibility and offspring health can be influenced by perinatal factors, which include both paternal and maternal behavior and environment. Offspring disease risk has the potential to affect the health span and life span of offspring. Key Findings: Various maternal factors, such as environmental toxicant exposure, diet, stress, exercise, age at conception, and longevity have the potential to influence age-associated diseases such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes, and cancer risk in offspring. Paternal factors such as diet, age at conception, and longevity can potentially impact offspring health span and life span-reducing traits as well. Practical Implications: Continued research could go a long way toward defining mechanisms of the developmental origins of life span and health span, and eventually establishing regimens to avoid negative developmental influences and to encourage positive interventions to potentially increase life span and improve health span in offspring.
Safety and efficacy of lamivudine or telbivudine started in early pregnancy for mothers with active chronic hepatitis B; Background: Few data exist regarding use of nucleos(t)ide analogs started in early pregnancy for mothers with active chronic hepatitis B (CHB). We assessed the safety and efficacy of lamivudine/telbivudine initiated in the first trimester versus no treatment in mothers with active CHB. Methods: We retrospectively enrolled 94 mothers newly diagnosed with active CHB in the first trimester of pregnancy. Patients with or without antiviral therapy were followed until postpartum week 28. All newborns received immunoprophylaxis. The primary endpoint was the safety of mothers and infants. The secondary endpoints were hepatitis B virus (HBV) DNA suppression and mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) rate. Results: Fifty-nine of the 94 mothers initiated lamivudine/telbivudine (27/32) in the first trimester of pregnancy; 35 received no treatment. At delivery, the viral load reduction was similar between lamivudine and telbivudine. Early initiation of lamivudine/telbivudine significantly increased the proportion of mothers achieving HBV DNA <106 copies/ml compared with those with no treatment (100 versus 42.42 %, p < 0.001). At postpartum week 28, the MTCT rate was significant lower in the treated group than in the control group (0/61 or 0 versus 4/34 or 11.76 %, p = 0.028). Lamivudine and telbivudine were well tolerated in the mothers except mild creatine kinase (CK) elevation. There existed no differences in gestational age, infant length and weight, Apgar score, adverse events, or birth defect rates between infants from treated and untreated mothers. Conclusions: Treatment with lamivudine or telbivudine for active CHB in early pregnancy appears to be safe and effective for controlling maternal disease as well as interrupting MTCT.
Transient neonatal diabetes due to a mutation in KCNJ11 in a child with klinefelter syndrome; Klinefelter syndrome is the most frequent chromosomal aneuploidy in males occurring in about 1 in 660 males. Epidemiological studies have demonstrated increased risk of type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes in adults with Klinefelter syndrome. There is only one previous report of neonatal diabetes in a patient with Klinefelter syndrome. We report transient neonatal diabetes due to a pathogenic heterozygous variant in KCNJ11 in a male infant with Klinefelter syndrome. A 78-day old male infant was noted to have sustained hyperglycemia with serum glucose ranging between 148 mg/dL (8.2 mmol/L) and 381 mg/dL (21.2 mmol/L) three days after undergoing a complete repair of an atrioventricular defect. Hemoglobin A1c was 6.6%. The patient was born at term with a birth weight of 2.16 kg following a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes that was controlled with diet. The patient was initially started on a continuous intravenous insulin drip and subsequently placed on subcutaneous insulin (glargine, human isophane and regular insulin). Insulin was gradually decreased and eventually discontinued at seven months of age. Chromosomal microarray at 11 weeks of age showed XXY and a panel-based, molecular test for neonatal diabetes revealed a pathogenic heterozygous variant c.685G>A (p.Glu229Lys) in KCNJ11. The patient is now 34 months old and continues to have normal fasting and post-prandial glucose and HbA1C levels. The patient will need prospective follow up for assessment of his glycemic status. To our knowledge this is the second reported case of neonatal diabetes in an infant with Klinefelter syndrome and the first due to a mutation in the KCNJ11 in a patient with Klinefelter syndrome.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Post-partum risk and follow up; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at an increased risk for developing metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and cardiovascular disease. In this review, we will discuss postpartum cardiovascular and diabetes risk in women with a history of GDM and different ways to improve postpartum screening. Methods: This review involves a comprehensive literature review on gestational diabetes and postpartum risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus as well as post-partum screening methods. Results: Cardiovascular risk post-partum is potentiated by increased inflammatory markers leading to worsening atherosclerosis and cardiovascular events downstream. Decreased insulin sensitivity and β cell compensation, recurrent GDM, maternal factors such as pre and post-partum weight gain and lactation may contribute to T2DM risk. Postpartum glucose testing is essential in screening women as hyperglycemia in pregnancy has long term effects on both cardiovascular disease and diabetes risk on the mother. Conclusion: Long and short term improvement to post-partum glucose testing is essential to decreasing cardiometabolic and diabetes risk in women with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Can maternal vascular lesions in the placenta predict severity and recurrence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy?; INTRODUCTION: Women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) have recurrence rates between 10-65% depending on disease severity. A history of preterm, severe preeclampsia (PEC) affords the highest recurrence risk. Women with HDP also have excess risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD). The most specific and chronic placental vascular pathophysiologic feature of HDP is maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM), characterized by incomplete vascular remodeling and vascular findings comparable to atherosclerosis. We hypothesized that the presence of MVM lesions is associated with both severity of HDP and recurrence of PEC in future pregnancies. METHODS: A retrospective cohort study of women with placental pathology who delivered in 2008 to 2012 was performed using the previously validated Magee Obstetrical Medical and Infant Database (MOMI). Women with HDP including gestational hypertension (GH), mild PEC, severe PEC and severe, preterm PEC were identified in the MOMI database and compared to women without a diagnosis of a HDP. A multinomial logistic regression model estimated the risk of HDP associated with MVM lesions and adjusted for race, maternal diabetes, and tobacco use. RESULTS: 20,165 deliveries had complete pregnancy data and placental pathology. We studied 1,070 women with more than one delivery during the study period. MVM lesions were associated with severity of HDP (p<0.0001). MVM lesions were found in 5,044 (32.8%) of non-hypertensives, 500/1328 (44.8%) of GH, 720/1607 (44.8%) of mild PEC, 621/868 (71.5%) of severe PEC, and 477/590 (80.9%) of preterm severe PEC. Recurrent preeclampsia was more common in women with MVM lesions in their first pregnancy who, after adjusting for covariates had a 54% (95%CI =1.04-2.28) increased risk of recurrent preeclampsia compared to women with PEC and no MVM lesions in their initial pregnancy. CONCLUSION: MVM lesions are associated with HDP and occur significantly more frequently in pregnancies with more severe HDP. Further, women with evidence of MVM in their initial delivery had an increased risk of recurrent preeclampsia. This may have valuable implications not only for counseling and prediction of future pregnancy outcomes but may facilitate early identification of women with a pathologic vascular phenotype for primary prevention of CVD.
Presentation, clinical profile and prognosis of young patients with myocardial infarction with Non Obstructive Coronary Arteries (MINOCA)-results from the VIRGO study; Objective: We studied young patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) to compare the clinical characteristics and outcomes between MINOCA versus obstructive disease (MI-CAD), and among MINOCA patients by sex and subtype. Design, Setting, and Participants: VIRGO, a prospective observational study of patients 18-55 years of age presenting with an AMI was conducted between 2008-2012 in 103 hospitals using a 2:1 women to men enrollment ratio. Using an angiographically-driven taxonomy, we defined patients as MI-CAD if revascularized or plaque ≥50%. MINOCA included AMI patients with <50% obstruction or a non-plaque mechanism, e.g., spontaneous coronary artery dissection [SCAD]. Patients without angiogram or receiving thrombolytics pre-angiogram were excluded. Outcomes and Measures: Overall and sex-specific comparisons of 1-and 12-month mortality, functional (Seattle angina questionnaire [SAQ]) and psychosocial (perceived stress and depression) status. Results: Of 2,690 patients undergoing angiography, 2,374 (88.4%) were MI-CAD, 299 (11.1%) MINOCA and 17(0.6%) remained unclassified. Women compared with men and non-whites compared with whites had about 5-and 2-times higher odds of having MINOCA (14.9% vs 3.5%; OR 4.84; 95% CI 3.29, 7.13), and (14.9% vs 10.0%; OR:1.57,95% CI 1.21,2.04) respectively. MINOCA patients were 9 times more likely to be without traditional cardiac risk factors (8.7% vs 1.3%; p < 0.001) but more predisposed to hypercoagulable states than MI-CAD (3.0% vs 1.3%; p=0.036). MINOCA patients were 1.6 times more likely to present with NSTEMI than MI-CAD (78.6% vs 47.9%; p < 0.001). Women with MI-CAD were significantly more likely than MINOCA to be menopausal (55.2 vs. 41.2%; p < 0.001), or had history of gestational diabetes (16.8% vs. 11.0%; p=0.028). The MINOCA mechanisms varied, 75 (25.1%) had a non-plaque mechanism identified (61 SCAD, 11 coronary artery spasm, 3 embolization) while the majority remained undefined. Clinical profiles and management of MINOCA varied by mechanism. Overall mortality was 1.7% and adjusted 12-month SAQ quality of life score was not significantly different (76.5 vs 73.5 for MINOCA and MI-CAD respectively; p=0.06). Women with MINOCA reported higher perceived stress than men with MINOCA at 12-months (mean score 21.5 vs 17.3; p=0.03) and similar perceived stress to women with MI-CAD. Conclusion and Relevance: Young patients with MINOCA/SCAD were more likely women, non-white, had fewer traditional cardiac risk factors than MI-CAD patients and yet had clinical outcomes that were comparable to MI-CAD. MINOCA patients showed a heterogeneous profile in phenotypes and management when investigated for underlying mechanisms, warranting further research.
Assessing nutritional status in the neonate: Using the peapod to measure body fat percentage; Background: Measuring body fat percentage (BF%) at birth provides the gold standard for early recognition of at risk neonates. There is well known longer-term sequalae associated with both fetal growth restriction and macrosomia. Without BF% a cohort of babies are not identified and need late admission to the NICU, and are at risk of poor neurological outcomes, obesity and cardiovascular disease. Methods: This was a prospective study involving women delivering at RPA Women and Babies, Sydney. The PeaPod measurement is part of routine care, all neonates born within the study period were eligible for incluson with maternal/parental consent. Results: 1,276 patients were recruited to the study during a time period that involved 1,665 births within our unit. Neonatal body fat measurement using the PeaPod as well as obstetric data were available from 1,002 neonates. The mean maternal age of the cohort was 32.4 (+/- 4.7) years, BMI 23.8 (+/- 5.1) and gestational age at delivery 39.4 (+/- 1.4). 48 women delivered preterm between 33+6 and 36+6 weeks gestation. 157 (15.7%) had gestational diabetes. The mean birthweight was 3370 g (+/- 476) and mean BF% 10.3 (range 1.1-22.1) %. Conclusions: This study obtained the largest recorded cohort of neonates with BF% measurements recorded using the PeaPod. This allowed us to create normal values for BF% and correlate these to the commonly used measurement of weight for gestation percentiles.
Antenatal and early postnatal assessment of diastolic function of the fetal and neonatal heart assessed by PW and M-mode ultrasound; Objectives To assess fetal and neonatal cardiac function by measuring annular valve excursion values and tricuspid and mitral inflow valve velocities in the second half of pregnancy and in the early neonatal period. Methods This was a blinded, prospective, observational, cohort study of 100 women with uncomplicated singleton pregnancies in Brisbane, Australia. These women underwent four weekly ultrasound scans from 20 weeks until delivery. Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) were measured using conventional M-mode ultrasound. Tricuspid and mitral valve inflow velocities were measured using Pulsed Wave (PW) Doppler to obtain inflow velocities during the early (E) and atrial contraction (A) filling phases of the cardiac cycle. The same measurements were performed on the off-spring in the first month of life. All measurements were performed by one operator. Results TAPSE and MAPSE values increased with increasing gestation and into the neonatal period, with higher values for TAPSE compared to MAPSE at all time points. R-squared values were 0.71 and 0.6 respectively. TV and MV E/A ratios also increased with increasing gestation antenatally, but at a lesser rate then the TAPSE and MAPSE values. R-squared values were 0.18 and 0.27 respectively. Postnatally the TV and MV E/A values changed considerably as in the transition to postnatal circulation the early filling phase of the ventricles becomes dominant. Intra-observer errors for these parameters were 93.7% TAPSE, 90.8% MAPSE, TV E/A 79.5% and MV E/ A 83.5%. Conclusion Normal data and reference ranges have been created against gestational age, which demonstrate higher values of TAPSE over MAPSE antenatally and into the neonatal period. TV and MV E/A ratios increase to a lesser extent during pregnancy and becomes greater than one postnatally when the early ventricular filling phase becomes dominant over the atrial contraction. These reference ranges can be used for the quantitative assessment of fetal cardiac function in high risk pregnancies such as those complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus.
The impact of shoulder dystocia on severe neonatal outcome and maternal morbidity specific to the type of manoeuvre: A retrospective review; Introduction Shoulder dystocia is an uncommon and unpredictable emergency. It is associated with significant neonatal, maternal and medico-legal complications. Perinatal consequences can be profound and include severe birth asphyxia, brachial plexus injuries (BPI), upper limb fractures, soft tissue trauma and death. Maternal complications include postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), perineal tears and psychological trauma. Objective To ascertain the impact shoulder dystocia has on severe neonatal outcomes and maternal morbidity specific to the type and number of manoeuvres required to achieve delivery. Methods This was a retrospective study including 48 021 term singleton vaginal deliveries between 2007 and 2015 at the Mater Mothers' Hospital in Brisbane. To ensure accuracy of the data, all cases were cross-referenced with both maternal and neonatal records. Results The incidence of shoulder dystocia in our study cohort was 5.3% (2540/48 021). Significant predisposing factors were macrosomia, induction of labour, prolonged second stage and instrumental delivery. Deliveries complicated by shoulder dystocia were associated with very low Apgar scores (≤3) at five minutes (OR 5.25, 95% CI 3.23-8.56, P < 0.001), significant acidosis (pH ≤7.0 or lactate >6 mmol/L or base excess <-12 mmol/L) (OR 3.10, 95% CI 2.76-3.50, P < 0.001), PPH (OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.90- 2.75, P < 0.001) and perineal trauma (OR 1.92, 95% CI 1.54-2.39, P < 0.001). BPIs and fractures complicated 1.4% and 0.9% of deliveries, with the risk of injury increasing when >1 manoeuvre was required. Compared to McRoberts and suprapubic pressure the odds of serious composite neonatal outcome (Apgar ≤3, significant acidosis, NICU admission) were increased with internal rotational manoeuvres (OR 3.82, 95% CI 2.54-5-74, P < 0.001) and delivery of the posterior arm delivery (OR 4.49, 95% CI 3.54- 5.69, P < 0.001). Similarly, the odds of a composite maternal morbidity (PPH, perineal trauma, prolonged hospitalisation) were 2.07 (95% CI 1.77-2.45, P < 0.001), 2.26 (95% CI 1.21-4.21, P < 0.001) and 2.29 (95% CI 1.58-3.32, P < 0.001) with McRoberts/suprapubic pressure, internal rotation and posterior arm delivery respectively. Conclusion Shoulder dystocia is strongly associated with adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. The risk of injury increases depending on the number and type of manoeuvres required. Given the perinatal implications of severe hypoxic morbidity, the focus needs to be on risk stratification, antenatal counselling, enhanced labour surveillance and simulation training. The recent Montgomery case highlights the importance of antenatal counselling focussed on risk and alternative delivery options.
Abstracts From the American Heart Association's Epidemiology and Prevention/Lifestyle and Cardiometabolic Health 2018 Scientific Sessions; The proceedings contain 454 papers. The topics discussed include: utilizing electronic health records to evaluate racial disparities in metabolic syndrome; alcohol consumption and risk of diabetes in the atherosclerosis risk in communities (ARIC) study; a population-based study of the bidirectional association between sleep apnea and diabetes in three prospective US cohorts; poorer lung function associated with higher risk of type ii diabetes (DM) among Chinese adults with silicosis; lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes by levels of adiposity in the us population; the association between diabetes and risk of abdominal aortic aneurysm: a meta-analysis; gestational weight gain modifies the effect of the circadian rhythms related MTNR1B genotype on postpartum glycemic changes: a longitudinal study in women with prior gestational diabetes; and prognostic cut-points of prediabetic plasma glucose and hba1c values in predicting cardiovascular disease morbidity and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
Ten year predicted cardiovascular disease risk in young women with adverse pregnancy outcomes; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women. In stark contrast to mortality declines in other groups, CVD deaths to young women are increasing. CVD prediction in this group is imprecise, and how adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO) may unmask risk during the reproductive years is unknown. Hypothesis: Women with APO will have higher 10-year predicted CVD risk within 7 years following a first pregnancy compared to women with no APO. Study design: We enrolled 10,038 women at 8 sites in their first pregnancy and followed 4,500 through a CVD visit 2-7 years later. Presented here are results for the first 2,705 with lab results and no hypertension or diabetes before pregnancy. The Atherosclerotic CVD (ASCVD), American Health Association Healthy Heart, Pathobiological Determinants of Atherosclerosis in Youth (PDAY), and Reynolds risk scores were compared in women with preterm birth (PTB), preeclampsia/gestational hypertension (PE/GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), small for gestational age (SGA), and no adverse outcomes (no APO, referent). Results: As expected, 10-year predicted CVD risk was very low in women at a median age of 30, although differences at the tail of the distribution were detected based on APO history. Women with no APO had the lowest CVD risk. Women with PTB, PE/GH, GDM, or SGA had higher 10-year CVD risk as predicted by the ASCVD score compared to women with no APO (p<0.05 for PTB and PE/GH). Six to 10% of women with these APOs had ASCVD scores greater than 5%. The PDAY score that predicts risk of coronary artery calcification in young adults was also higher in women with PE/GH or GDM than in those with no APO. Risk factors perturbed after delivery in women with APOs were blood pressure, BMI, waist circumference, HDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and HbA1c. Conclusion: While risk scores customized for women of reproductive age are needed, those with a first pregnancy complicated by PTB, PE/GH or GDM have modest but detectable predicted 10-year CVD risk as soon as 2-7 years after delivery.
Genetic predisposition to hemoglobin A1C, postpartum weight reduction, and glycemic changes: A longitudinal study in women with prior gestational diabetes; Introduction: Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) is a common marker for glycemic control and a major risk factor for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Hypothesis: We examined whether the genetic variation predisposing to HbA1c affected glycemic changes in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and whether such an effect was modified by changes in body adiposity, especially during and after pregnancy. Methods: This is a longitudinal study in Tianjin, China. We genotyped 10 genome-wide association study-identified HbA1c single nucleotide polymorphisms and assessed weight at 1 to 5 years postpartum and changes in glycemic traits in 1156 women with prior GDM. The genetic risk score was calculated based on 10 HbA1c-associated loci. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measure was postpartum glycemic changes. Results: The HbA1c genetic risk score significantly interacted with postpartum weight reduction on changes in 2-h glucose and HbA1c (P for interaction = 0.02 and 0.03; respectively) after multivariable adjustment. In women with postpartum weight reduction of ≥8kg/y, the genetic risk score was associated with decreased HbA1c. The association between postpartum weight reduction and glycemic improvement was more significant among women with a lower genetic risk score. Conclusions: In a large cohort of Chinese women with a history of GDM, our data for the first time indicate that the genetic predisposition to HbA1c may interact with postpartum weight reduction on long-term glycemic changes. Figure 1. Changes in glycemic traits according to weight reduction and HbA1C genetic risk score tertiles.
Cardiorespiratory fitness, physical activity, and television viewing before pregnancy and risk of gestational diabetes: A longitudinal analysis from the cardia study; Introduction: Low levels of cardiorespiratory fitness, moderate-to-vigorous-intensity physical activity (MVPA), and excess sedentary behaviors are associated with a greater risk of type 2 diabetes. Less is known about the role of fitness, MVPA, and sedentary behaviors before pregnancy with subsequent development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a strong risk factor for future diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Objective: To assess the associations of pre-pregnancy fitness, MVPA, and time spent watching television (a surrogate for sedentary behavior) with risk of GDM. Methods: Participants were 1,333 women enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who did not have diabetes at baseline (1985-86) or before post-baseline births. Baseline fitness was estimated using a graded symptom-limited maximal treadmill test and expressed in metabolic equivalent units (METS). Baseline MVPA (exercise units/day) was measured using the CARDIA physical activity history questionnaire, and television viewing (hours/day) was assessed by self-report in 1990-91. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for study center, baseline age, race, parity, education, family history of diabetes, smoking, alcohol, dietary fat, pre-pregnancy body mass index, HOMA-IR, HDL-cholesterol, and time from baseline to delivery. Results: Over 25 years of follow up, 164 women developed GDM. As shown in the Table, the odds of developing GDM were 22% lower for each 1 standard deviation increment in baseline fitness after adjustment (2.3 METS; OR 0.78, 95% CI: 0.65, 0.95, p=0.013). MVPA and television viewing were not statistically significantly associated with developing GDM. Conclusions: This is one of the first studies to report an inverse association between objectively measured pre-pregnancy fitness and subsequent development of GDM. Improved pre-conception fitness may benefit women at risk for GDM.
Persistent aortic stiffiness and left ventricular hypertrophy in children of pregestational diabetic mothers at 3-8 years of age; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) develop left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction before birth and are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease as adults. In a previous longitudinal prospective maternal-fetal/infant study we observed that IDMs in late infancy had increased diastolic intraventricular septal (IVSd) and LV posterior wall (LVPWd) thickness compared to healthy controls suggesting lack of complete regression of hypertrophy. IDMs also had increased aortic stiffiness suggested by measures of pulse wave velocity (PWV) which correlated strongly with maternal 3rd trimester A1c and indexed LV wall dimensions in late infancy. In the present study we sought to determine if these pathologies persist in early childhood and to examine vascular health further in this IDM cohort. Methods: Children who participated in the previous study were invited for follow-up assessment at 3-8 years. Height, weight and right arm blood pressures were recorded. A functional echocardiogram was performed including assessment of IVS and LVPWd thickness and aorti PWV. Peripheral arterial endothelial function was assessed measuring the Vascular Reactivity Index (VRI) using the VENDYS program. Results: Twenty-fve IDM and 20 control children were assessed at a mean age of 5.6 ±1.7 and 5.3±1.3 years, respectively (NS). IDMs demonstrated increased IVS z-scores (1.2± 0.6 vs 0.5± 0.3, p=0.006), with 5 (20 %) of the IDMs having an IVS z-score of >2, consistent with hypertrophy. LVPWd z-scores tended to be greater in IDMs versus controls (0.6± 0.4 vs 0.2± 0.2, p=0.06), but none had a Z score >2. Although measures of LV systolic and diastolic function, VRI and systemic blood pressures did not differ, aortic PWV was elevated in IDMs compared to controls (3.2± 0.6 vs 2.2± 0.4m/s respectively, p= 0.001). IVSd Z score strongly correlated with aortic PWV (R2=0.81, p=0.001). Conclusion: Our study suggests in early childhood IDMs have persistence of septal hypertrophy and increased aortic stiffiness but no signifcant endothelial dysfunction. Whether these abnormalities persist into adulthood and contribute to long-term cardiovascular disease warrants further study.
Myocardial remodeling in offspring of diabetic mothers extends into early childhood; Background: Speckle-tracking echocardiography (STE) has shown alterations in fetal left ventricular (LV) function from maternal diabetes mellitus (MDM), lending support to cardiovascular programming (CProg). We hypothesized that CProg from in-utero effects of MDM persists into early childhood. Methods: A prospective case-control STE evaluation was performed in an inception cohort of MDM fetuses and normal fetuses, with longitudinal follow-up to 1 year and between 2-3 years age. From apical 4-chamber and short axis images at >50 fps (Vivid7 and E9, GE), measurements of LV deformation: global longitudinal and circumferential strain (GLS, GCS), and strain rates, (LSR, CSR) were obtained using commercially available STE software (Image Arena, TomTec). Comparisons were made between the 2 groups at 1 year, and the change (Δ) in variables in children of mothers with diabetes mellitus (CDM) and normal controls (C) from 1 to 2-3 yrs age. Results: In all, 78 children (38 CDM and 40 C) were studied. The median age/range (years) of follow-up was 2.4(1.6-3.7) in CDM and 2.6(1.3-3.9) in C. The mean body mass index at last follow-up was 17.5+2.2 (CDM) and 16.8+1 (C). In CDM vs. C at 1-yr, GLS (-20.3+3 vs.-23.7+4, p<0.001), GCS (-20.4+5.7 vs.-23.3+4.2, p<0.05), LV end-diastolic (EDV) (19.8±4 vs. 17.8±4 ml, p<0.05) and LV end-systolic volume (ESV) (9.2±2 vs. 7.3±2 ml, p<0.01) were signifcantly different. These differences remained signifcant between CDM and C for ΔGLS (0.56+-0.3 vs.-1.5+1, p<0.001), ΔGCS (4+1.8 vs. 2.4+1.2, p<0.001), ΔLVEDV (-6.1+3.7 vs.-10.9+-1.9 ml, p<0.001) and ΔLVESV (-2.5+1.9 vs.-5.3+0.9 ml, p<0.001) at 2-3 yr follow-up. Conclusion: Adverse myocardial remodeling from CProg persists into 2-3 years of age in CDM, although changes in LV deformation were slightly less pronounced compared to year 1. These findings may have implications for diabetes control strategies in the mothers and cardiovascular risk stratifcation in the offspring.
Kickboxing a cardiomyopathy: A case where mitochondrial sequencing provides novel answer for young athlete and her family; Background: Arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC) is a disorder that carries an increased risk for sudden cardiac death. Routine genetic testing is often negative, and although whole exome sequencing improves diagnostic accuracy, it may not provide all answers. Case: A 43-year-old female kickboxer with history of sensorineural hearing loss and gestational diabetes presented with chest pain. ECG showed occasional premature ventricular contractions, and T wave inversions, Troponin I was elevated and echocardiography revealed biventricular functional abnormalities. She had normal coronary arteries on angiogram. A medical regimen was started and she was discharged from the hospital wearing a cardiac event monitor. At home she had a presyncopal event during a period of sustained ventricular tachycardia. She ultimately received an implantable cardioverter defibrillator for secondary prevention. Decision-making: Cardiac magnetic resonance imaging was performed to assess for an infltrative process, revealing global right ventricular hypokinesis and paradoxical interventricular septal motion with increasing suspicion for ARVC. Commercial panel testing for 13 common ARVC genes was performed. This initial panel testing was negative. As such, whole exome sequencing was performed and also failed to return likely causal variants. However, mitochondrial genome assessment revealed a known pathogenic mutation in MT-TL1 (m.3243A>G). MT-TL1 has been associated with dilated cardiomyopathy, but not previously with ARVC-like changes. Her children also tested positive for the MT-TL1 mitochondrial mutation, for which genetic counseling is underway. Conclusion: Devastating arrhythmias can be the frst manifestation of ARVC. Thorough genetic testing is prudent when suspicion is high. Here, we present the frst described case of an ARVC-like cardiomyopathy due to a mitochondrial gene mutation in MT-TL1.
Proteomics in cardiovascular diseases: Unveiling sex and gender differences in the era of precision medicine; Cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) represent the most important cause of mortality in women and in men. Contrary to the long-standing notion that the effects of the major risk factors on CVD outcomes are the same in both sexes, recent evidence recognizes new, potentially independent, sex/gender-related risk factors for CVDs, and sex/gender-differences in the clinical presentation of CVDs have been demonstrated. Furthermore, some therapeutic options may not be equally effective and safe in men and women. In this context, proteomics offers an extremely useful and versatile analytical platform for biomedical researches that expand from the screening of early diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers to the investigation of the molecular mechanisms underlying CDVs. In this review, we summarized the current applications of proteomics in the cardiovascular field, with emphasis on sex and gender-related differences in CVDs. Significance Increasing evidence supports the profound effect of sex and gender on cardiovascular physio-pathology and the response to drugs. A clear understanding of the mechanisms underlying sexual dimorphisms in CVDs would not only improve our knowledge of the etiology of these diseases, but could also inform health policy makers and guideline committees in tailoring specific interventions for the prevention, treatment and management of CVDs in both men and women.
Statin use and risk for type 2 diabetes: what clinicians should know; Statins are the first line of pharmacologic treatment for the management of hypercholesterolemia in patients at risk for atherosclerotic cardiovascular (CV) disease. In recent years, several randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) and observational studies have reported increased risk for new-onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D) with statin treatment, particularly with use of high-intensity statins that reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) by 50% or more. This paper summarizes the data from RCTs and observational studies for statin-associated T2D risk, and puts into perspective this evidence, weighed against the established benefits of statin therapy for CV risk reduction. In RCTs, the increase in T2D risk with statin therapy appears to be attributable mainly to those with major T2D risk factors. The increase in incidence of T2D in those with major risk is approximately 25% for statin use, compared to placebo, and for intensive statin therapy compared to moderate-intensity statin therapy. However, in those with major T2D risk factors, the number of CV disease events prevented for each excess case of T2D is close to or greater than one, indicating that the risk-benefit ratio still strongly favors use of statin therapy, or intensive statin therapy, for patients with sufficient CV disease risk to warrant cholesterol-lowering drug therapy. Recommendations are summarized for evaluation of the T2D risk factor profile before initiation of and during statin therapy. In addition, the importance of lifestyle management and other preventive measures is emphasized for management of risks for both T2D and CV disease events in patients receiving statin therapy.
Maternal obesity, diabetes during pregnancy and epigenetic mechanisms that influence the developmental origins of cardiometabolic disease in the offspring; Since 1980, global obesity has doubled, and the incidence of cardiometabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes and heart disease is also increasing. While genetic susceptibility and adult lifestyle are implicated in these trends, evidence from clinical cohorts, epidemiological studies and animal model experiments support a role for early-life environmental exposures in determining the long-term health of an individual, which has led to the formulation of the Developmental Origins of Health and Disease (DOHaD) theory. In fact, maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy, which are on the rise, are strongly associated with altered fetal growth and development as well as with lifelong perturbations in metabolic tissues. A mounting body of evidence implicates epigenetic mechanisms (e.g. DNA methylation and histone modifications) in the regulation of these effects and their transmission to future generations. This review critically discusses the current evidence (in animal model systems and humans) that implicates maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy in perturbing the epigenome of the next generation, and the consequential impact on growth, organ development and ultimately cardiometabolic disease progression. Additionally, this review will address some of the limitations of the DOHaD approach and areas that require further study. For example, future research requires verification of the mechanistic impact of the epigenetic marks and their persistence over the life course. Ultimately, this knowledge is needed to establish optimal screening, prevention and therapeutic approaches for children at risk of cardiometabolic disease development.
The impact of manual rotation of the occiput posterior position on spontaneous vaginal delivery rate: Study protocol for a randomized clinical trial (RMOS); Background: The frequency of posterior presentations (occiput of the fetus towards the sacrum of the mother) in labor is approximately 20% and, of this, 5% remain posterior until the end of labor. These posterior presentations are associated with higher rates of cesarean section and instrumental delivery. Manual rotation of a posterior position in order to rotate the fetus to an anterior position has been proposed in order to reduce the rate of instrumental fetal delivery. No randomized study has compared the efficacy of this procedure to expectant management. We therefore propose a monocentric, interventional, randomized, prospective study to show the superiority of vaginal delivery rates using the manual rotation of the posterior position at full dilation over expectant management. Methods: Ultrasound imaging of the presentation will be performed at full dilation on all the singleton pregnancies for which a clinical suspicion of a posterior position was raised at more than 37 weeks' gestation (WG). In the event of an ultrasound confirming a posterior position, the patient will be randomized into an experimental group (manual rotation) or a control group (expectative management with no rotation). For a power of 90% and the hypothesis that vaginal deliveries will increase by 20%, (10% of patients lost to follow-up) 238 patients will need to be included in the study. The primary endpoint will be the rate of spontaneous vaginal deliveries (expected rate without rotation: 60%). The secondary endpoints will be the rate of fetal extractions (cesarean or instrumental) and the maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality rates. The intent-to-treat study will be conducted over 24 months. Recruitment started in February 2017. To achieve the primary objective, we will perform a test comparing the number of spontaneous vaginal deliveries in the two groups using Pearson's chi-squared test (provided that the conditions for using this test are satisfactory in terms of numbers). In the event that this test cannot be performed, we will use Fisher's exact test. Discussion: Given that the efficacy of manual rotation has not been proven with a high level of evidence, the practice of this technique is not systematically recommended by scholarly societies and is, therefore, rarely performed by obstetric gynecologists. If our hypothesis regarding the superiority of manual rotation is confirmed, our study will help change delivery practices in cases of posterior fetal position. An increase in the rates of vaginal delivery will help decrease the short- and long-term rates of morbidity and mortality following cesarean section. Manual rotation is a simple and effective method with a success rate of almost 90%. Several preliminary studies have shown that manual rotation is associated with reduced rates for fetal extraction and maternal complications: Shaffer has shown that the cesarean section rate is lower in patients for whom a manual rotation is performed successfully (2%) with a 9% rate of cesarean sections when manual rotation is performed versus 41% when it is not performed. Le Ray has shown that manual rotation significantly reduces vaginal delivery rates via fetal extraction (23.2% vs 38.7%, p < 0.01). However, manual rotation is not systematically performed due to the absence of proof of its efficacy in retrospective studies and quasi-experimental before/after studies.
Maternal Obesity as a Risk Factor for the Development of Total Anomalous Pulmonary Venous Connection in Their Offspring; The incidence of total anomalous pulmonary venous connection (TAPVC) in the Caucasian population is 2.5/100,000 live births (LB), and the incidence in the Hispanic population is 19.8/100,000 LB. Without knowing the exact etiology for the development of congenital heart disease, our objective was to determine the maternal factors associated with the development of TAPVC. Methods: 55 mother-child binomials with isolated TAPVC (group I) and 152 healthy mother-child binomials (group II) were included. Both groups had no maternal history of addiction, pre-eclampsia, or type 1, 2 or gestational diabetes mellitus. Complete clinical histories were obtained for the women in both groups and perinatal and birth data were recorded. In addition, genealogies across three generations were constructed to determine affected first- or second-degree relatives with complex congenital heart disease. Results: Among the maternal characteristics analyzed, women in group I had a higher number of pregnancies before gestation of the index case (p = <0.05), and the Body Mass Index (BMI) before pregnancy was higher compared to Group II (p < 0.05), with an adjusted risk of OR = 3.6 (p = 0.011). The family history showed a higher prevalence in the group of patients with TAPVC compared to healthy children (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Maternal obesity before pregnancy is a risk factor for the development of CATVP in children in the Mexican population.
Multiple sclerosis in pregnancy: prevalence, sociodemographic features, and obstetrical outcomes; Objective: We sought to describe the prevalence, sociodemographic features, and antenatal/peripartum outcomes of multiple sclerosis (MS) in pregnancy. Study design: A retrospective cohort study was performed using deliveries in California from 2001 to 2009. Cases of MS as well as other morbidities were identified via ICD-9-CM code. Logistic regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders. Results: About 1185 out of 4,424,049 deliveries were complicated by MS. MS prevalence increased with maternal age, with Caucasians comprising a higher proportion of MS subjects. MS subjects were older and more likely to have private insurance. Women with MS were more likely to have preexisting medical conditions such as asthma, chronic hypertension, thyroid disease, or cardiac disease. However, no significant antepartum and peripartum morbidities were found to be increased in patients with MS. Urinary tract infection, cesarean delivery, and induction of labor were slightly increased in MS patients. Conclusions: MS is a rare condition which is more likely to affect older Caucasian women of higher socioeconomic status and is associated with several preexisting medical conditions. MS, however, does not appear to pose significant increases in adverse pregnancy outcome. This suggests that pregnant patients with MS may likely experience an uneventful pregnancy.
Contribution of maternal age, medical and obstetric history to maternal and perinatal morbidity/mortality for women aged 35 or older; Background: As age is not modifiable, pregnancy risk information based on age alone is unhelpful for older women. Aim: To determine severe morbidity/mortality rates for women aged ≥35 years according to maternal profile based on parity, pre-existing medical conditions and prior pregnancy complications, and to assess the independent contribution of age. Materials and methods: Population-based record-linkage study using NSW hospitalisation and birth records 2006–2012. Maternal and perinatal mortality/morbidity were assessed for non-anomalous singleton births to women aged ≥35 years. Results: For 117 357 pregnancies among 99 375 women aged ≥35 years, the median age at delivery was 37 years (range 35–56 years), including: 35 652 (30.4%) multiparae without pre-existing medical or obstetric complications, 33,058 (28.2%) nulliparae without pre-existing medical conditions and 30 325 (25.8%) multiparae with prior pregnancy complications. Maternal and perinatal mortality/morbidity varied by maternal profile with ranges of 0.9–3.5% and 2.4–11.9%, respectively. For nulliparae, each five-year increase in age did not contribute significantly to maternal risk after controlling for medical conditions (adjustedodds ratio 1.08, 95% CI 0.93–1.25), but did confer perinatal risk (1.14; 1.05–1.25). For multiparae, each five-year increase in age beyond 35 years was independently associated with adverse maternal (1.23; 1.09–1.39) and perinatal outcomes (1.23; 1.09–1.39). Conclusions: For women aged ≥35 years, presence of medical conditions conferred a greater risk for morbidity/mortality than age itself. For multiparous women, the effects of medical and obstetric history were additive. The contribution of maternal age to adverse outcomes in pregnancies without significant medical and obstetric history is modest.
Irisin in metabolic diseases; Introduction: Irisin is a myokine/adipokine induced by the exercise in mice and humans, which is proposed to induce “browning” of white adipose tissue, its primary target, thus increasing thermogenesis and energy expenditure. Since its identification, irisin has been linked to favorable effects on metabolic diseases, including obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), lipid metabolism and cardiovascular disease (CVD), nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and metabolic bone diseases. Generally, despite the promising profile of irisin in rodents, its effects on human are less recognized. Review: Most, but not all studies show a positive association between irisin and indices of adiposity. In T2DM, NAFLD, and CVD, most observational studies reported lower irisin levels in patients than controls. Regarding metabolic bone diseases, irisin is positively associated with bone mineral density and strength in athletes, and inversely associated with osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal osteoporosis. In PCOS, data remain largely conflicting. Irisin does not seem to be further reduced when two metabolic diseases, e.g., T2DM and NAFLD, or obesity and NAFLD exist though more data are needed. Furthermore, it seems that diverse confounders may have affected the results of different clinical studies. Conclusion: Irisin remains an appealing molecule from a pathophysiological point of view and an appealing therapeutic target for metabolic diseases, albeit much research is still needed.
Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide in women with and without recent gestational diabetes: The impact of current glucose intolerance; Context: Circulating B-type natriuretic peptide, as measured by the N-terminal fragment of its prohormone (NT-proBNP), is inversely associated with incident type 2 diabetes (T2DM) but positively related to future cardiovascular disease (CVD). Recognizing that gestational diabetes (GDM) identifies women at future risk for both T2DM and CVD, we sought to determine whether gestational glucose tolerance relates to NT-proBNP in the years after delivery. Design/Patients/Measurements: Three hundred and forty women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, yielding 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 105); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 59); abnormal GCT with a normal OGTT (n = 98); and normal GCT with normal OGTT (n = 75). At 3-year postpartum, they underwent cardiometabolic characterization (including measurement of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR), adiponectin and NT-proBNP) and repeated the OGTT, revealing 69 women with glucose intolerance (prediabetes/diabetes). Results: At 3-year postpartum, serum NT-proBNP did not differ between the 4 original gestational glucose tolerance groups (P =.44), but instead progressively decreased across current glucose tolerance strata, from normal to prediabetes to diabetes (P =.006). Indeed, on logistic regression analysis, NT-proBNP emerged as a negative predictor of prediabetes/diabetes (OR = 0.903, 95% CI 0.825-0.988, P =.026). On multiple linear regression analyses of NT-proBNP, the significant association with current glucose intolerance was ultimately attenuated in a fully adjusted model, revealing two independent determinants of NT-proBNP: eGFR (t = −2.71, P =.007) and adiponectin (t = 2.44, P =.015). Conclusion: Serum NT-proBNP relates to current glucose intolerance, rather than preceding gestational dysglycaemia. Thus, the diabetic (rather than vascular) risk implications of NT-proBNP predominate in young women.
Obesity in pregnancy; The prevalence of obesity has reached alarming proportions globally, and continues to rise in both developed and developing countries. Maternal obesity has become one of the most commonly occurring risk factors in obstetric practice. For the mother, obesity increases the risk of obstetric complications during the antenatal, intrapartum and postnatal period, as well as contributing to technical difficulties with fetal assessment. The offspring of obese mothers also have a higher rate of perinatal morbidity and an increased risk of long-term health problems.
A randomized double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial investigating the effect of fish oil supplementation on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus-fish oil supplementation and gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy, and it is mostly associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, and dyslipidemia. Fish oil (omega-3) supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of different chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and cancers, though the evidence of its impact on gestational diabetes is scarce. Our goal in this study was to determine the effect of fish oil administration on gene expression related to insulin action, blood lipids, and inflammation in women with GDM. Participants with GDM (n = 40), aged 18–40 years, were randomized to take either 1000 mg fish oil capsules, containing 180 mg eicosapentaenoic acid and 120 mg docosahexaenoic acid (n = 20), or placebo (n = 20) twice a day for 6 weeks. Gene expression related to insulin, lipids, and inflammation was quantified in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) of GDM women using Reverse Transcription Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. Results of RT-PCR indicated that omega-3 supplementation upregulated gene expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma (PPAR-γ) (P = 0.04) in PBMCs of patients with GDM, compared with the placebo. In addition, gene expression of the low-density lipoprotein receptor (LDLR) (P < 0.001), interleukin-1 (IL-1) (P = 0.007), and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-α) (P = 0.01) was downregulated in PBMCs of women with GDM, following omega-3 supplementation. No significant effect of omega-3 supplementation was indicated on gene expression of IL-8 in PBMCs of patients with GDM. Overall, fish oil supplementation for 6 weeks in women with GDM significantly improved gene expression of PPAR-γ, IL-1, and TNF-α, but not gene expression of IL-8.
A Case of Maturity Onset Diabetes of the Young (MODY3) in a Family with a Novel HNF1A Gene Mutation in Five Generations; Diabetes mellitus with autosomal dominant inheritance, i.e., maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY), is a genetic form of diabetes mellitus. The MODY phenotype is associated with gene mutations leading to pancreatic β-cell dysfunction. Here, we present the clinical case of a 50-year-old proband with familial diabetes mellitus in five generations (proband, her mother, grandmother, great-grandfather, and son). This disease is most likely associated with the novel Ser6Arg mutation in the HNF1A gene, which was identified in four family members. The mutation was not detected in MODY patients (126 subjects), in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (188 subjects), and in a general population sample (564 subjects).
Characteristics and clinical outcomes of living renal donors in Hong Kong; Introduction: In Asia, few reports are available on the outcomes for living renal donors. We report the short- and long-term clinical outcomes of individuals following living donor nephrectomy in Hong Kong. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed the characteristics and clinical outcomes of all living renal donors who underwent surgery from January 1990 to December 2015 at a teaching hospital in Hong Kong. Information was obtained from hospital records and territory-wide electronic patient records. Results: During the study period, 83 individuals underwent donor nephrectomy. The mean (± standard deviation) follow-up time was 12.0 ± 8.3 years, and the mean age at nephrectomy was 37.3 ± 10.0 years. A total of 44 (53.0%), four (4.8%), and 35 (42.2%) donors underwent living donor nephrectomy via an open, hand-port assisted laparoscopic, and laparoscopic approach, respectively. The overall incidence of complications was 36.6%, with most being grade 1 or 2. There were three (9.4%) grade 3a complications; all were related to open donor nephrectomy. The mean glomerular filtration rate was 96.0 ± 17.5 mL/min/1.73 m2 at baseline and significantly lower at 66.8 ± 13.5 mL/min/1.73 m2 at first annual follow-up (P<0.01). The latest mean glomerular filtration rate was 75.6% ± 15.1% of baseline. No donor died or developed renal failure. Of the donors, 14 (18.2%) developed hypertension, two (2.6%) had diabetes mellitus, and three (4.0%) had experienced proteinuria. Conclusion: The overall perioperative outcomes are good, with very few serious complications. The introduction of a laparoscopic approach has decreased perioperative blood loss and also shortened hospital stay. Long-term kidney function is satisfactory and no patients developed end-stage renal disease. The incidences of new-onset medical diseases and pregnancy-related complications were also low.
Exposure of the developing heart to diabetic environment and early cardiac assessment: A review; Hyperglycemia during organogenesis is associated with an increased risk of congenital cardiac defects (CHDs). The pathophysiology leading to CHDs is not completely uncovered. However, elevated oxidative stress is considered to be the primary trigger that causes CHDs in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes has been found to increase the risk for all types of CHDs. Diabetes may also impact the fetal cardiac performance at all gestational ages. Early detection of CHDs has certain advantages, such as making early decision about termination of pregnancy, enabling early genetic testing, and early reassurance if scan is normal. Combined transabdominal and transvaginal approach at 13–14 weeks of gestation is a reasonable strategy to assess fetal heart in diabetic women. Diagnostic accuracy of early fetal echocardiography has reached to above a reasonable cutoff when it is done in the late first trimester or early second trimester in the hands of expert sonographers. However, the literature is less certain to provide a firm conclusion about functional heart assessment in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Asthma Outcomes and Management During Pregnancy; Asthma during pregnancy poses a common, increasingly prevalent threat to the health of women and their children. The present article reviews recent insights gained from the epidemiology of asthma during pregnancy, demonstrating the many short- and long-term risks to mother and fetus incurred by poorly controlled maternal asthma. We further discuss emerging evidence that active management of asthma during pregnancy can positively influence and perhaps completely mitigate these poor outcomes. Recent high-quality trials examining best methods for asthma treatment are reviewed and synthesized to offer an evidence-based pathway for comprehensive treatment of asthma in the outpatient setting. Safe and effective medications, as well as nonpharmacologic interventions, for asthma during pregnancy are discussed, and treatment options for related conditions of pregnancy, including depression, rhinitis, and gastroesophageal reflux, are presented. Throughout, we emphasize that an effective treatment strategy relies on a detailed patient evaluation, patient education, objective measurement of asthma control, and frequent and supportive follow-up. The cardiovascular and respiratory physiology of pregnancy is reviewed, as well as its implications for the management of patients with asthma, including patients requiring intubation and mechanical ventilation. For the situation when outpatient asthma management has failed, an approach to the critically ill pregnant patient with status asthmaticus is detailed. Multidisciplinary teams that include pulmonary specialists, obstetricians, primary care providers, nurses, pharmacists, and asthma educators improve the care of pregnant women with asthma.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and future maternal cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the leading cause of death in women. Although traditional risk factors increase later-life CVD, pregnancy-associated complications additionally influence future CVD risk in women. Recent guidelines for the prevention of CVD in women have added adverse pregnancy outcomes as major CVD risk factors. Studies have shown that women with a history of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery, and delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant have an increased risk of developing cardiometabolic risk factors and subsequent CVD. A history of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes further increases this risk. It has been suggested that these pregnancy complications may unmask preexisting elevated CVD risk; however, whether the pathophysiologic changes underlying these conditions directly result in long-term cardiovascular damage is unclear. The purpose of this review was to highlight the associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and future CVD, and to emphasize the importance of considering pregnancy history in assessing a woman's CVD risk. Targeted efforts to initiate screening and risk-reduction strategies in women with prior history of pregnancy complications, particularly lifestyle modification, may help decrease the burden of CVD in women.
Use of genetic sequencing in premature infant with persistent respiratory failure; Background Heterozygous mutations and deletions in the NKX2-1 gene are associated with Brain-Lung-Thyroid Syndrome (BLTS). The NKX2-1 gene encodes thyroidtranscription factor-1 (TITF1), a nuclear protein expressed in the lung, thyroid, ventral forebrain and pituitary gland during embryonic development. BLTS can cause primary hypothyroidism, respiratory distress and neurological disorders with variable phenotypic severity. NKX2-1 deletion may lead to lethal respiratory failure due to disruption of pulmonary surfactant homeostasis. We report the case of a pre-term infant with persistent respiratory failure, severe persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN) as well as hypothyroidism who was found to have NKX2-1 gene deletion. Case presentation Our patient is a female infant born at 30 weeks gestation to a 32 year old G5P0311 woman whose pregnancy was complicated by insulin dependent gestational diabetes and maternal congestive heart failure. She was delivered prematurely for maternal indications. Upon delivery, she was intubated for respiratory failure. She developed severe PPHN, requiring inhaled nitric oxide, inotropic medications and high frequency oscillator ventilation. She was subsequently diagnosed with hypothyroidism. The infant was transferred to our tertiary care facility for worsening PPHN. She was diagnosed with BLTS after a microarray revealed a 3.6 Mb deletion of chromosome 14q13. Discussion Most documented 14q13 deletions are de novo mutations. The clinical features of 14q13 deletions vary from mild to severe symptoms with clinical features of developmental delay, hypothyroidism, choreoathetosis and respiratory problems. Our patient has required mechanical ventilation since birth, initially presumed to be prematurity related RDS and PPHN; however, throughout her hospitalization she has continued to require mechanical ventilation, pressors and sedation. The patient was too unstable to undergo a lung biopsy, thus she underwent genetic sequencing to determine the cause for her respiratory failure. For infants with hypothyroidism and severe RDS, BLTS should be considered. Additionally, for infants who are unable to undergo invasive diagnostic testing, genetic sequencing may provide valuable information to determine the diagnosis and navigate future care.
A rare case of defective thymus embryogenesis in uncontrolled maternal diabetes leading to complete digeorge anomaly; Case report Complete DiGeorge anomaly (DGA) is characterized by the absence of the thymus, T- B+ NK+ SCID, facial dysmorphia, congenital heart disease and neonatal hypocalcemia. Common etiologies include Chromosome 22 deletion - DiGeorge Syndrome, CHARGE syndrome, and maternal diabetic embryogenesis. A 35 week large for gestational age preterm male born via c-section to a 33 yo G5P6 woman with poorly controlled type II Diabetes Mellitus presented to the NICU for prematurity. Fetal US findings were positive for septal hypertrophy. Dysmorphic features like abdominal outpouching, rib, and vertebral anomalies were identified. At DOL 10, he had late onset hypocalcemia seizures. Further evaluation showed low parathyroid hormone levels, an absent thymus shadow on chest X-ray and a mild aortic coarctation on TTE. These findings were strongly suggestive of DiGeorge syndrome. Both newborn screens (NBS) reported low T-cell receptor excision circle (TREC). Additional workup demonstrated low levels of Absolute Lymphocyte Count and low IgG, IgA, IgM, and IgE levels. Lymphocyte Mitogen Panel (LPMGF) was abnormal and lymphocyte subsets showed low CD3, CD4, CD8 NK cells and normal B cells. The comprehensive SCID Panel was grossly abnormal. These findings were consistent with T negative, B positive, NK cell-positive SCID (T-,B+,NK +). Whole exome sequencing, FISH, and chromosomal microarray were negative for DiGeorge Syndrome. He was discharged on NG tube feeds, a prophylactic antibiotic regimen with oral Fluconazole, trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole and Azithromycin, and education regarding strict isolation. Currently, he gets subcutaneous immunoglobulin infusions weekly for his hypogammaglobulinemia is closely followed up in the clinic and is waiting to be accepted for thymus transplantation. Recent studies have shown that the most common etiology for the 'deletion-negative' subset of DGA is diabetic mother embryogenesis. Although this is a rare disorder, we as pediatricians need to have a high index of suspicion in infants of diabetic mothers and detect this disorder pre-symptomatically, such that effective treatments can be applied. Prophylactic antibiotic use, timely transplant, and close clinical follow are crucial in the management of this condition.
Estimating the hospital delivery costs associated with severe maternal morbidity in New York City, 2008-2012; OBJECTIVE: To quantify the average and total hospital delivery costs associated with severe maternal morbidity in excess of nonsevere maternal morbidity deliveries over a 5-year period in New York City adjusting for other sociodemographic and clinical factors. METHODS: We conducted a population-based cross-sectional study using linked birth certificates and hospital discharge data for New York City deliveries from 2008 to 2012. Severe maternal morbidity was defined using a published algorithm of International Classification of Diseases, 9 th Revision, Clinical Modification disease and procedure codes. Hospital costs were estimated by converting hospital charges using factors specific to each year and hospital and to each diagnosis. These estimates approximate what it costs the hospital to provide services (excluding professional fees) and were used in all subsequent analyses. To estimate adjusted mean costs associated with severe maternal morbidity, we used multivariable regression models with a log link, gamma distribution, robust standard errors, and hospital fixed effects, controlling for age, race and ethnicity, neighborhood poverty, primary payer, number of deliveries, method of delivery, comorbidities, and year. We used the adjusted mean cost to determine the average and total hospital delivery costs associated with severe maternal morbidity in excess of nonsevere maternal morbidity deliveries from 2008 to 2012. RESULTS: Approximately 2.3% (n=13,502) of all New York City delivery hospitalizations were complicated by severe maternal morbidity. Compared with nonsevere maternal morbidity deliveries, these hospitalizations were clinically complicated, required more and intensive clinical services, and had a longer stay in the hospital. The average cost of delivery with severe maternal morbidity was 14,442 (95% CI 14,128-14,756), compared with 7,289 (95% CI 7,276-7,302) among deliveries without severe maternal morbidity. After adjusting for other factors, the difference between deliveries with and without severe maternal morbidity remained high (6,126). Over 5 years, this difference resulted in approximately 83 million in total excess costs (13,502×6,126). CONCLUSION: Severe maternal morbidity nearly doubled the cost of delivery above and beyond other drivers of cost, resulting in tens of millions of excess dollars spent in the health care system in New York City. These findings can be used to demonstrate the burden of severe maternal morbidity and evaluate the cost-effectiveness of interventions to improve maternal health.
Improving cardiometabolic and mental health in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring: Study protocol for MySweetHeart Trial, a randomised controlled trial; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) carries prenatal and perinatal risk for the mother and her offspring as well as longer-term risks for both the mother (obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease) and her child (obesity, type 2 diabetes). Compared with women without GDM, women with GDM are twice as likely to develop perinatal or postpartum depression. Lifestyle interventions for GDM are generally limited to physical activity and/or nutrition, often focus separately on the mother or the child and take place either during or after pregnancy, while their results are inconsistent. To increase efficacy of intervention, the multifactorial origins of GDM and the tight link between mental and metabolic as well as maternal and child health need to be heeded. This calls for an interdisciplinary transgenerational approach starting in, but continuing beyond pregnancy. Methods and analysis This randomised controlled trial will assess the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention aimed at improving the metabolic and mental health of 200 women with GDM and their offspring. Women with GDM at 24-32 weeks gestational age who understand French or English, and their offspring and partners can participate. The intervention components will be delivered on top of usual care during pregnancy and the first year postpartum. Metabolic and mental health outcomes will be measured at 24-32 weeks of pregnancy, shortly after birth and at 6-8 weeks and 1 year after childbirth. Data will be analysed using intention-to-treat analyses. The MySweetHeart Trial is linked to the MySweetHeart Cohort (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02872974). Ethics and dissemination We will disseminate the findings through regional, national and international conferences and through peer-reviewed journals. Trial registration number NCT02890693; Pre-results.
Heterotaxy syndrome with intestinal malrotation, polysplenia and azygos continuity; Heterotaxy syndrome is a situs anomaly that comprises a large spectrum of cardiac and extracardiac malformations. Its association with intestinal malrotation is frequent. This later might be asymptomatic or manifest by signs of abdominal discomfort or of intestinal obstruction. We report on the case of a full term, small for gestational age neonate in whom heterotaxy syndrome with partial situs inversus abdominalis, intestinal malrotation, polysplenia and vena azygos continuity was diagnosed at prenatal echography. Due to the high risk of volvulus carried by the malrotation, Ladd’s procedure was performed at the age of two months. Follow-up examination at the age of four years shows excellent post-operative result and normal development of the child.
Preterm birth: Long term cardiovascular and renal consequences; Background: Cardiovascular and chronic kidney diseases are a part of noncommunicable chronic diseases, the leading causes of premature death worldwide. They are recognized as having early origins through altered developmental programming, due to adverse environmental conditions during development. Preterm birth is such an adverse factor. Rates of preterm birth increased in the last decades, however, with the improvement in perinatal and neonatal care, a growing number of preterm born subjects has now entered adulthood. Clinical and experimental evidence suggests that preterm birth is associated with impaired or arrested structural or functional development of key organs/systems making preterm infants vulnerable to cardiovascular and chronic renal diseases at adulthood. This review analyzes the evidence of such cardiovascular and renal changes, the role of perinatal and neonatal factors such as antenatal steroids and potential pathogenic mechanisms, including developmental programming and epigenetic alterations. Conclusion: Preterm born subjects are exposed to a significantly increased risk for altered cardiovascular and renal functions at young adulthood. Adequate, specific follow-up measures remain to be determined. While antenatal steroids have considerably improved preterm birth outcomes, repeated therapy should be considered with caution, as antenatal steroids induce long-term cardiovascular and metabolic alterations in animals’ models and their involvement in the accelerated cellular senescence observed in human studies cannot be excluded.
Epigenotype and phenotype correlations in patients with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome; Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome (BWS) is one of the most common overgrowth syndromes. Cancer predisposition is an important feature of this clinically heterogeneous syndrome. Patients may have fetal and early childhood overgrowth, hemihyperplasia, macroglossia, facial dysmorphic features, abdominal wall defects, visceromegaly, and anomalies of the heart and the kidneys. Various previous investigations showed that heterogeneous molecular etiology may contribute to clinical variability and that epigenotype-phenotype correlations exist in BWS. This study was performed to detect the molecular etiology in 28 patients with BWS, to search for epigenotype-phenotype correlations and to provide appropriate individualized multidisciplinary approach. Four different molecular etiology groups were determined based on testing for copy number analysis and methylation status at 11p15. Sequencing for CDKN1C mutations were also performed. Groups were compared for various clinical findings. Differences between groups were not statistically significant owing to the small number of patients in individual groups. Statistical studies for epigenotype-phenotype correlations showed significance for only anterior ear lobe creases, visceromegaly and embryonal tumors. Additionally, one interesting patient had a mesenchymal tumor. Anticipating follow-up is clinically important in BWS.
Togetherness of ebstein anomaly and giant hairy nevus in a neonate: First case in the literature; Ebstein anomaly is a congenital heart defect in which the septal and posterior leaflets of the tricuspid valve are displaced through the apex of the right ventricle. Giant congenital melanocytic nevi originate from melanocytes. It is usually seen after birth. Here we present the first neonate with prenatally diagnosed with Ebstein anomaly with giant hairy nevus in the literature.
Inflammatory Markers in Older Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes and the Effects of Weight Loss; The purpose of this study was to compare systemic inflammation in older women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) who developed impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) to that in those with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) and to determine, in these women, the effect of weight loss (WL) induced by diet and exercise training on systemic inflammation and adipokine levels. This was a longitudinal clinical investigation of overweight/obese (BMI: 32 ± 1 kg/m2) women (59 ± 1 years) with a GDM history (n=19) who had normal glucose tolerance (NGT, n=7) or IGT/T2DM (n=12). Women completed 6 months of weight loss induced by diet and exercise and underwent VO2max, body composition, blood draw, glucose tolerance testing, and 2-hour hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps (40 mU·m-2·min-1). Glucose utilization (M) was 42% higher in the NGT group (P<0.05). CRP was two-fold higher in the IGT/T2DM group than that in the NGT group (P<0.01). Adiponectin levels were 59% higher in the NGT group than those in the IGT/T2DM group (P<0.01). IL-6sR was higher in the NGT group (P<0.01). The women lost body weight, body fat, visceral fat, and subcutaneous abdominal fat (P<0.001). Fasting glucose (P<0.05), fasting insulin, glucose, and insulin AUC decreased (all P<0.005) after the intervention. M increased by 21% (P<0.05). CRP (-16%) and TNFR1 (-6%) tended to decrease, whereas TNFα, IL-6, SAA, and adiponectin did not change in the group. In conclusion, older women with a history of GDM who have developed IGT or T2DM have higher CRP and reduced adiponectin levels despite similar BMI and total and abdominal obesity to those with NGT. Six months WL induced by diet and exercise improves body composition and increases insulin sensitivity without a significant modification of inflammatory markers and adiponectin levels.
Coronary microvascular dysfunction is not associated with a history of reproductive risk factors in women with angina pectoris—An iPOWER substudy; Background Reproductive risk factors such as preeclampsia and recurrent miscarriages have been associated with adverse cardiovascular (CV) events. Underlying coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) may be a common denominator. Purpose We investigated whether a history of reproductive risk factors was associated with CMD in women with angina pectoris and no obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). Methods Participants from the iPOWER study, including women with angina pectoris and no obstructive CAD (<50% stenosis), were invited to complete an electronic survey regarding reproductive risk factors: recurrent miscarriages, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, rhesus immunity, polycystic ovary syndrome and menopausal status as well as migraine and Raynaud phenomenon. CMD was assessed by transthoracic Doppler echocardiography with measurement of coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) during high-dose dipyridamole infusion, and analyzed in three categories with cut-off points at 2.0 and 2.5. Associations between CFVR and a history of reproductive risk factors were examined by age-adjusted trend test. Results The questionnaire was completed by 613 women (73% of those invited), of whom 550 had a successful CFVR measurement. There was no significant difference in baseline characteristics between participants and non-participants. Median (interquartile range (IQR)) age was 62.8 (54.8; 68.7) years, median (IQR) BMI 26.2 (23.2; 29.8) kg/m2, and 81.5% were postmenopausal. We did not find any significant associations between any of the reproductive risk factors, Raynaud's phenomenon or migraine and CFVR. Conclusion The lack of association between coronary microvascular function and a history of reproductive risk factors, migraine and Raynaud's phenomenon suggests that a common vascular pathophysiological mechanism underlying these conditions is unlikely.
Unique ECG presentations and clinical management of a symptomatic LQT2 female carrying a novel de novo KCNH2 mutation; A 26-year-old woman, 12 days in postpartum, developed recurrent syncope and cardiac arrest. Her ECG revealed QT-prolongation associated with LQT2-specific T-U wave patterns, T wave alternans, long QT-dependent torsade de pointes (TdP) and ventricular fibrillation (VF). She also had intermittent LBBB (80 bpm) on alternate beats and RBBB at sinus tachycardia (113 bpm). Family genotyping revealed a novel de novo missense mutation G604C of KCNH2. Propranolol slowed heart rate and further prolonged QT interval (610 ms) that caused TdP recurrence. Mexiletine combined with magnesium and potassium supplements prevented TdP/VF recurrence. This patient has remained event-free after 9-month follow-up.
Association Between Gestational Diabetes and Incident Maternal CKD: The Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased risk for diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We evaluated whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for prepregnancy risk factors for both conditions. Study Design Prospective cohort. Setting & Participants Of 2,747 women (aged 18-30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study in 1985 to 86, we studied 820 who were nulliparous at enrollment, delivered at least 1 pregnancy longer than 20 weeks’ gestation, and had kidney function measurements during 25 years of follow-up. Predictor GDM was self-reported by women for each pregnancy. Outcomes CKD was defined as the development of estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2 or urine albumin-creatinine ratio ≥ 25 mg/g at any one CARDIA examination in years 10, 15, 20, or 25. Measurements HRs for developing CKD were estimated for women who developed GDM versus women without GDM using complementary log-log models, adjusting for prepregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, dyslipidemia, body mass index, smoking, education, eGFR, fasting glucose concentration, physical activity level (all measured at the CARDIA examination before the first pregnancy), race, and family history of diabetes. We explored for an interaction between race and GDM. Results During a mean follow-up of 20.8 years, 105 of 820 (12.8%) women developed CKD, predominantly increased urine albumin excretion (98 albuminuria only, 4 decreased eGFR only, and 3 both). There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction on CKD risk (P = 0.06). Among black women, the adjusted HR for CKD was 1.96 (95% CI, 1.04-3.67) in GDM compared with those without GDM. Among white women, the HR was 0.65 (95% CI, 0.23-1.83). Limitations Albuminuria was assessed by single untimed measurements of urine albumin and creatinine. Conclusions GDM is associated with the subsequent development of albuminuria among black women in CARDIA.
Obesity in Pregnancy: Optimizing Outcomes for Mom and Baby; Obesity is common in women of childbearing age, and management of this population around the time of pregnancy involves specific challenges. Weight and medical comorbidities should be optimized both before and during pregnancy. During pregnancy, gestational weight gain should be limited, comorbidities should be appropriately screened for and managed, and fetal health should be monitored. Consideration should be given to the optimal timing of delivery and to reducing surgical and anesthetic complications. In the postpartum period, breastfeeding and weight loss should be promoted. Maternal obesity is associated with adverse metabolic effects in offspring, promoting an intergenerational cycle of obesity.
A retrospective study of the prevalence and outcomes of syphilis in pregnancy in a 5-year period; Objective: To determine the prevalence of syphilis in pregnancy and to assess the effect of syphilis on maternal and perinatal outcomes. Methods: In a retrospective study, data were reviewed for pregnant women who tested positive for syphilis during routine prenatal screening at a center in India between January 2011 and December 2015. Women with both a positive venereal disease research laboratory (VDRL) test and a positive Treponema pallidum hemagglutination assay (TPHA) were considered to have syphilis, and their maternal and fetal outcomes were assessed. Results: Among 51 164 pregnant women who underwent VDRL testing during the study period, 343 women were VDRL-positive (seropositivity rate 0.7%) and 18 were both VDRL- and TPHA-positive and were considered to have syphilis (seropositivity rate <0.1%). Among these 18 women, there were two stillbirths, four preterm births, and five small-for-gestational-age neonates. Conclusion: Although the prevalence of syphilis was low in the study population, women who were affected had adverse perinatal outcomes. Routine screening of all pregnant women for syphilis as early as possible in pregnancy, with appropriate treatment and follow-up of affected women and newborns, should be done to reduce adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Omentin-A novel adipokine in respiratory diseases; Adipokines, secreted by the adipose tissue, are extensively involved in the regulation and maintenance of various physiological and pathological processes, including insulin sensitivity, energy expenditure, glucose and lipid metabolism, inflammatory activity, neuroendocrine activity, immunity, cancer, homeostasis, angiogenesis, cardiovascular function, breeding and bone metabolism, and all functions of the endocrine-reproductive system axis. Omentin is a recently identified adipokine, which has become a research hotspot due to its pleiotropic effects on various diseases. However, the specific receptor for omentin has not been identified so far. In this study, we report that omentin levels fluctuate in various diseases. In addition, we have focused on the pleiotropic roles of omentin in pulmonary diseases, as it may act as a biomarker for malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) and is related to disease severity. Omentin may play significant roles in other pulmonary diseases, such as asthma, obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS), pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). This review summarizes the advances in current knowledge and future trends, which may provide a concise and general view on omentin and its effects on pulmonary biology.
The congenital heart disease genetic network study: Cohort description; The Pediatric Cardiac Genomics Consortium (PCGC) designed the Congenital Heart Disease Genetic Network Study to provide phenotype and genotype data for a large congenital heart defects (CHDs) cohort. This article describes the PCGC cohort, overall and by major types of CHDs (e.g., conotruncal defects) and subtypes of conotrucal heart defects (e.g., tetralogy of Fallot) and left ventricular outflow tract obstructions (e.g., hypoplastic left heart syndrome). Cases with CHDs were recruited through ten sites, 2010–2014. Information on cases (N = 9,727) and their parents was collected through interviews and medical record abstraction. Four case characteristics, eleven parental characteristics, and thirteen parent-reported neurodevelopment outcomes were summarized using counts and frequencies and compared across CHD types and subtypes. Eleven percent of cases had a genetic diagnosis. Among cases without a genetic diagnosis, the majority had conotruncal heart defects (40%) or left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (21%). Across CHD types, there were significant differences (p<0.05) in the distribution of all four case characteristics (e.g., sex), four parental characteristics (e.g., maternal pregestational diabetes), and five neurodevelopmental outcomes (e.g., learning disabilities). Several characteristics (e.g., sex) were also significantly different across CHD subtypes. The PCGC cohort is one of the largest CHD cohorts available for the study of genetic determinants of risk and outcomes. The majority of cases do not have a genetic diagnosis. This description of the PCGC cohort, including differences across CHD types and subtypes, provides a reference work for investigators who are interested in collaborating with or using publically available resources from the PCGC.
Does elective cesarean delivery affect longterm cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring?; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether cesarean delivery (CD) has an impact on the risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort analysis was performed including all singleton deliveries occurring between 1991-2013 at a single tertiary medical center. A comparison was performed between children delivered via CD and those delivered vaginally. Multiple gestation and fetuses with cardiac as well as other congenital malformations were excluded. All cases of urgent CD due to nonreassuring fetal status, non-progressive labor, prolapse of cord, preeclampsia, placenta previa, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, labor induction and failed induction, fetal growth restriction, preterm PROM, and instrumental deliveries, were excluded from the analysis. Hospitalizations of the offspring up to the age of 18 years involving cardiovascular morbidity, including hypertensive disorders, arrhythmia, ischemia, valvular disorders, rheumatic fever, pulmonary heart disease, endocarditis etc. were evaluated. A Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to compare cumulative cardiovascular morbidity incidence. A Cox regression model was used to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period 138 910 deliveries met the inclusion criteria; 9.5% were CDs (n=13 206) and 90.5% (n=125 704) were vaginal deliveries. Hospitalizations up to the age of 18 years involving cardiovascular disorders were comparable between offspring delivered by CD (0.6%, n=81) and those delivered vaginally (0.6%, n=733; p=0.665). However, the Kaplan-Meier survival curve demonstrated a significantly higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular morbidity following CD (Figure, log rank p=0.018). Using the Cox proportional hazards model, controlling for confounders such as maternal age, preterm delivery and birth weight, CD was noted as an independent risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR=1.3, CI 1.01-1.6, p=0.049). CONCLUSION: Singletons delivered by CD have an increased risk of long-term cardiovascular morbidity.
Obstetric characteristics associated with fetal cyanotic congenital heart disease; OBJECTIVE: Fetal cyanotic congenital heart disease (CCHD) is associated with pregnancy complications such as preterm birth (PTB), fetal intolerance of labor (FIOL) and cesarean delivery (CD). CD is usually reserved for standard obstetric indications. We sought to characterize obstetric factors associated with CCHD over a 10-year period. STUDY DESIGN: Population-based retrospective cohort study of all livebirths in Ohio (2006-2015). Obstetric and delivery characteristics were compared between live births with CCHD (excluding other anomalies and aneuploidy), as reported in the birth certificate, to those without. Multivariate logistic regression estimated the relative influence of CCHD on obstetric outcomes. RESULTS: Of 1,425,334 live births in Ohio during the 10-year study period, 863 (0.06%) women delivered an infant with CCHD. Women with CCHD pregnancies were more likely to have pregestational diabetes, gestational diabetes, be induced, and deliver at an academic center. The CD rate was 45.9 vs 31.0% (p<0.001) in pregnancies with CCHD compared to those without CCHD, however among women induced there was no difference in successful vaginal birth (83.6 vs 82.2, p=0.528) between groups respectively. Delivery of an infant with CCHD was associated with a higher rate of PTB (22.1 vs 12.4%, p<0.001), fetal growth restriction (FGR, <10th %), (22.2 vs 10.5%, p<0.001) and intrapartum FIOL (17.2 vs 8.5%, p<0.001). In women with a singleton, vertex presenting fetus with isolated CCHD and no prior history of CD, 68.0 vs 44.7% (p<0.001; OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.9-3.6) did not attempt a trial of labor (TOL) compared to non-CCHD pregnancies prior to cesarean birth. As the frequency of inductions in the latter 5 years (2011-2015) of the study period increased from 30.8 to 43.8% (p=0.001) among CCHD pregnancies, the CD rate decreased (41.6 vs 33.3%, p<0.031) in women without a history of CD. CONCLUSION: The rate of cesarean in CCHD births is high at 45.9%. Obstetric characteristics associated with CCHD include higher risk for PTB, FGR, CD, and FIOL. While women with CCHD pregnancies were more likely to be induced, over two thirds of those who would otherwise be vaginal delivery candidates did not attempt a trial of labor despite successful vaginal birth in greater than 80% of those induced. Avoidance of planned cesarean birth for CCHD affords an opportunity to reduce the overall cesarean rate in low risk women. (Figure Presented).
Impact of a surgical site infection bundle on surgical site infection rates in cesarean deliveries; OBJECTIVE: To investigate cesarean delivery (CD) surgical site infection (SSI) rates before and after implementation of an SSI care bundle. STUDY DESIGN: In April 2014, our hospital, a public tertiary care academic center, introduced an SSI bundle for CD to reduce the SSI rate. The bundle, adopted from the colorectal surgery literature, included the following: 1) pre-and post-operative instructions regarding antiseptic skin cleansing, wound care, and glycemic control in diabetics; 2) intraoperative use of antiseptic skin and vaginal preparations, double-gloving, and changing of gloves and instrument tray for fascial closure; and 3) follow up nurse phone calls after discharge. Following bundle implementation, we performed a retrospective case/cohort review of maternal records from an aggregate database for demographic characteristics and used hospital reported SSI rates from infection prevention services. Cases were women who underwent CD post-SSI bundle implementation and controls were those who underwent CD pre-SSI bundle. Women were included if they had a gestational age of at least 23 0/7 weeks and delivered a liveborn neonate(s) between January 1, 2012 and December 31, 2015. Primary outcome was SSI rate. Secondary outcomes included patient demographics and co-morbidities. Students t test was used for continuous outcomes and chi squared for categorical. RESULTS: During the study time period, 4014 total CD were performed (2147 pre-bundle, 1867 post-bundle). Demographics of women undergoing CD were similar before and after the infection prevention bundle (Table 1), with the exception of body mass index, gestational diabetes, substance abuse, smoking, history of venous thromboembolism, and number of women with prior CD. The mean SSI rate significantly decreased after the bundle (2.44 to 1.10, p = 0.013). Figure 1 illustrates the quarterly SSI rate, with the arrow representing the implementation of the SSI bundle. CONCLUSION: Implementation of an infection prevention bundle led to a significantly decreased SSI rate in our population. While differences in SSI related demographics of the populations before and after the bundle may have contributed, in general, these risk factors were higher in the post-bundle population and therefore are unlikely to have confounded the impact of the infection prevention bundle.
One abnormal value on 100-g oral glucose tolerance test during pregnancy and subsequent diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; at least two abnormal values on the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT] during pregnancy) is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus (DM) later in life. It is less clear if women with only one abnormal value are also at risk. We therefore evaluated whether one abnormal value on the 100-g OGTT also incurs a risk of DM. STUDY DESIGN: Women with an abnormal 50-g screen and a fasting glucose less than 95 mg/dL were enrolled in a mild GDM treatment trial (abnormal 3-hr 100-g OGTT) and a concurrent observational non-GDM cohort (normal 3-hr 100-g OGTT) and were followed up 5-10 years later. Women did not have a prior history of GDM or DM, chronic hypertension, or renal or cardiovascular disease at the time of enrollment. At follow-up, women had a 2-hr 75-g OGTTand provided blood for central laboratory glucose measurements. DM was defined as currently treated for DM or meeting the American Diabetes Association criteria for DM based on an abnormal OGTT. Relative risks and 95% confidence intervals were estimated from multivariable log binomial regression models. RESULTS: This analysis included 829 women (48% of eligible women from the original study) who were followed up 7±1 years after the index pregnancy and were not pregnant at the time of follow-up. Mean age at follow-up was 36±6 years. Overall, 6.4% had DM at follow-up. Compared with women with no elevated values on OGTT during pregnancy,mildGDMwas associated with a greater risk ofDM, however having had just one elevated value on the 100-g OGTT during pregnancy, and therefore not meeting a GDM diagnosis, was not associated with a greater risk ofDMby 5-10 years after the index pregnancy (Table). CONCLUSION: Women experiencing only one abnormal value on the 100-g OGTT during pregnancy do not appear to have the same risk of subsequent DM by 5-10 years after pregnancy as women with mild GDM. (Table Presented).
Size for gestational age at birth and cardiometabolic health in childhood; OBJECTIVE: Abnormal fetal growth has been linked to adult obesity, insulin resistance, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Data regarding newborn size for gestational age and cardiometabolic health in childhood are conflicting. We therefore sought to evaluate the association between birthweight percentiles and cardiometabolic health in childhood. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of children born to women enrolled during pregnancy with mild gestational diabetes mellitus or lesser degrees of glucose intolerance. Pregnancy outcomes were collected during the original study. Size for gestational age was based on birthweight, gestational age at delivery, sex, and maternal race/ethnicity per Alexander to categorize as: small for gestational age (SGA; less than 10th percentile), appropriate for gestational age (AGA; 10th-90th percentile; reference group), and large for gestational age (LGA; greater than 90th percentile). At 5-10 years after birth, children were examined (weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure) and fasting blood samples were obtained to determine high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, glucose, and homeostatic model assessment of insulin resistance. Log binomial or log Poisson regression models were used to estimate relative risks and 95% confidence intervals for abnormal cardiometabolic values. RESULTS: This analysis included 979 children (59 SGA, 815 AGA, 105 LGA) who were followed up at a mean age of 7±1 (SD) years. Compared with the AGA-born children, LGA- and SGAborn children were 2-3.5 times more likey to have elevated diastolic blood pressure. The LGA-born chidren were also more likely to have high BMI indicative of being overweight or obese (Table). The other cardiometabolic markers were similar between groups. CONCLUSION: Lower and higher birthweight percentiles were both associated with an increased risk of elevated diastolic blood pressure at 5-10 years of age. The higher birthweight category was also associated with a modest increased risk of being overweight or obese. However, no associations were observed for lipids, glucose metabolism or insuln resistance. (Table Presented).
The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on the plasma proteome of children at 5-10 years of age; OBJECTIVE: To determine the effect of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the children's proteome profile. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a follow-up study of children of women enrolled in a multicenter trial of treatment versus no treatment of mild GDM. Plasma samples from male and female offspring from untreated GDM (n=12 and n=17, respectively) and non GDM (n=30 and n=22, respectively) at 5-10 years of age were assessed by LC/MS/MS. The raw data files were processed using Thermo ScientificTM Proteome DiscovererTM software against the IPI human 3.87 database (Mascot search engine). Peptides identified in at least 75% of samples in each group were included in the analysis. Data were expressed as spectra intensity. For the common peptides, ratio in spectra intensity in untreated group over non GDM group was converted to fold increase/decrease by Ingenuity Pathways Analysis (IPA). The final results were analyzed for associations with biological functions against the IPA database. Righttailed Fisher's exact test was used to calculate a P-value (P<.05). RESULTS: The IPA identified 96 peptides common to untreated and non GDM in males and 100 in females, most associated with developmental and hereditary disorders and immunological diseases. The top upregulated proteins were transthyretin (1.4 fold increase) in males and insulin like growth factor binding protein acid labile subunit (1.7 fold increase) in females. In untreated GDM males, we found 10 unique peptides related to cardiovascular disease (CVD), hematological disease and hereditary disorder. Eight peptides unique to non GDM males were associated with humoral immune and inflammatory responses and CVD (Figure A). In females from untreated GDM mothers, we found 9 unique peptides which were related to cancer, CVD and endocrine system disorders. In the females from non GDM mothers 4 unique peptides were related to cellular function and maintenance, developmental and hereditary disorders (Figure B). CONCLUSION: In utero exposure to insulin resistance and hyperglycemia programs the fetus for upregulation of proteins associated with metabolic pathways in childhood. This finding further highlights the adverse consequences of untreated mild GDM. The unique programmed peptides we identified could possibly guide future therapies to prevent altered developmental programming resulting from GDM.
Cancer and pregnancy: National trends; OBJECTIVE: To determine recent national trends in prevalence of concurrent cancer and pregnancy and ascertain associated medical and obstetric outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a retrospective analysis of National Inpatient Sample (NIS), the largest all-payer inpatient health database in the United States (US). We identified delivery admissions from 2004-2013 with a concurrent diagnosis of cancer using ICD-9 codes. Demographic data were compared with Pearson's Chisquared or t-tests. Multivariable logistic regression was used to test the change in prevalence of concurrent cancer and pregnancy over time and to compare outcomes between deliveries with and without cancer. Trends in cancer survivorship were analyzed. All analyses were adjusted for NIS-provided population weights and strata. RESULTS: During the 10-year study period, data were available for 8,336,990 deliveries. The prevalence of concurrent cancer and pregnancy increased from 3.41/10,000 deliveries in 2004 to 4.33/ 10,000 in 2013 (Figure 1). This increasing trend was significant over time, including after adjustment for maternal age (aOR 1.03 [1.01-1.04]). Women with cancer were more likely to be white (60.5% vs 53%, p=0.0002), older (30.7 vs 28.0 years, p<0.0001), and have private insurance (58.8% vs 50.1%, p<0.0001). Cancer survivorship at delivery (Figure 2) also increased (aOR 1.07 [1.06-1.08]) with minimal overlap (0-1.6% of concurrent cases overlapped with survivorship cases yearly). Women with cancer were more likely to experience transfusion (OR 5.02 [3.83-6.58]) and one or more of the following medical conditions: death, ventilation, cardiac arrest, sepsis, or acute respiratory or renal failure during delivery (OR 10.8 [6.7-17.3]). Women with cancer more often had obstetric complications, including preterm labor (OR 2.7 [2.2-3.2]), gestational diabetes (OR 1.4 [1.1-1.8]), hypertensive disorders (OR 1.3 [1.02-1.6]), cesarean section (OR 1.5 [1.3-1.7]), and postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.5 [1.1-2.0]). These associations remained significant after adjustment in a multivariable logistic regression model. CONCLUSION: The prevalence of concurrent cancer and pregnancy in the US increased from 2004-2013. This increase was not explained by maternal age, nor by cancer survivorship, which also increased over this interval. Pregnant women with cancer are more likely to experience medical or obstetric complications during their delivery admission. (Figure Presented).
Is there an association between gestational diabetes mellitus in twin pregnancies and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in twin gestation poses a risk for subsequent maternal long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based cohort study was conducted, comparing the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity within a cohort of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered twins in a tertiary medical center. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of simple, complex (ie, angina pectoris and congestive heart failure, respectively) cardiovascular-related hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazard model was used to estimate the adjusted HRs for cardiovascular morbidity. RESULTS: Of 4,256 twin deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 336 (7.9%) occurred in patients that were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, patients with GDM had higher rates of simple cardiovascular events as compared to women without diagnosis of GDM (OR=2.7; 95% CI 1.01-7.33, P=0.048). However, there was no difference between the two groups in the rate of complex cardiovascular events, non-invasive or invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures. Total cardiovascular hospitalizations was comparable between the groups (Table). In a Cox proportional hazards model, which adjusted for maternal age, ethnicity, preeclampsia and fertility treatments, GDM in twin pregnancies was not found to be associated with long-term cardiovascular morbidity (adjusted HR 1.41, 95% CI 0.77-2.58). CONCLUSION: GDM during twin pregnancy is associated with longterm maternal simple cardiovascular events during a follow-up period of more than a decade. (Table Presented).
3h-GTT single pathological value during pregnancy is a risk factor for developing future diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association of 3 hours 100g Glucose ToleranceTest (GTT) results and the development of future diabetesmellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of women between 18 to 45 years who underwent a 3 hours GTT during pregnancy and delivered in a tertiary affiliated medical center between the years 2007-2014. According to GTT values, patients were divided into three groups: (A) Normal GTT; (B) Impaired Gestational Glucose Tolerance (single pathological GTT value, IGT) and (C) Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (two or more pathological values, GDM). Future diagnosis of diabetes mellitus was recorded among the groups. RESULTS: 1) Overall, 5011 parturients who underwent a 3 hour GTT were detected and followed for a median period of 64 months (interquartile range of 32). 2) Compared with controls, women with GDM or IGT tended to be older, had a higher rate of ART treatment, were less likely to be primipara and had a higher rate of multiple pregnancy (table 1). When pregestational cardiovascular risk factors were compared, women with GDM and IGT had a higher rate of obesity and hyperlipidemia compared to controls, but rates of chronic hypertension, ischemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease were not different. Future diabetes mellitus was diagnosed at a higher rate in women with GDM or IGT (7.0% for GDM, 2.7% for IGT compared with 0.6% for normal GTT, p<.001). Using a survival multivariable analysis (Fig. 1), GDM and IGT were significantly associated with a higher rate of future diabetes (adjusted HR 3.7 for IGT and 12.2 for GDM, P<0.001). In a sub-analysis of the IGT group, all single pathological values were found to be associated with a higher chronic DM rate, though abnormal fasting glucose had the highest rate (8.8% compared with 5.8% for GTT-60, 5.5% for GTT-120 and 6.6% for GTT-180). CONCLUSION: Our study shows that both IGT and GDM during pregnancy are independently associated with a significant higher rate of future diabetes mellitus, although their effect is influenced by other contributing factors. (Table Presented).
Risk factors associated with development of chorioamnionitis during labor induction with a standardized labor protocol; OBJECTIVE: Our objectives were to examine the risk factors associated with chorioamnionitis among women undergoing an induction of labor with an unfavorable cervix and standardized labor protocol. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a planned secondary analysis of a randomized trial that compared time to delivery among four different induction methods. Women with a singleton gestation, intact membranes, and an unfavorable cervix (Bishop score of ≥6 and dilation ≥2) who were undergoing a term (≤37 weeks) induction were included. Induction and latent/active labor management were by standardized protocols for all participants, with close attention to the rate of cervical change and recommended interventions if labor was not progressing. Our primary outcome of chorioamnionitis was defined as maternal fever in the presence of maternal or fetal tachycardia or fundal tenderness. Chi-square was used to compare categorical variables. Mann Whitney U test was used to compare non-parametric data. Independent risk factors for chorioamnionitis were determined by multivariable logistic regression adjusting for confounders. RESULTS: There were 491 women included in the trial and the overall rate of chorioamnionitis was 12.4%. We evaluated differences in the risk of chorioamnionitis based on maternal demographics and induction/ labor characteristics (Table 1). After controlling for confounders including maternal age, nulliparity, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational age ≤40 weeks, and intra-uterine pressure catheter (IUPC) use, risk factors that were independently associated with the diagnosis of chorioamnionitis included: nulliparity (aOR 3.14 [1.51-6.55]), pre-gestational diabetes (aOR 4.81 [1.08-21.36]), and use of an IUPC (aOR 1.92 [1.07-3.45]). CONCLUSION: We identified independent risk factors for chorioamnionitis. This study is unique in that it is a prospective analysis with highly standardized labor management, which reduces the likelihood that our findings can be attributed to differences in labor management. (Table Presented).
Depressed left and right ventricular cardiac output in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Introduction: We compared right and left ventricular cardiac output (RVCO and LVCO) in fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with a large normal cohort. Methods: We prospectively enrolled 264 normal fetuses and 30 FDM. Fetal CO parameters such as semilunar valve velocity time integrals (AVVTI, PVVTI), ventricular outflow diameters (LVOTD, RVOTD) and stroke volumes (AVSV, PVSV) were measured, and LVCO and RVCO were calculated. These were normalized using non-linear regression to estimated fetal weight (EFW) to provide means and standard deviations. Among FDMs, mean Z scores and 95% confidence limits (CL) were calculated and compared to zero. Results: LVCO, RVCO and parameters they were calculated from, increased predictably and non-linearly with increasing EFW. In FDM, LVCO was depressed (mean Z −1.679, 95% CL −2.404, −0.955, P<0.001), and AVVTI, LVOTD and AVSV were significantly lower than normal. Similarly, RVCO (mean Z=−1.119, CL −1.839, −0.400, P=0.003), RVOTD (mean −2.085, CL −3.077, −1.093, P<0.001) and PVSV (mean −1.184, CL −1.921, −0.446, P=0.003) were lower than normal, however, PVVTI was not different (mean Z 0.078, CL −0.552, +0.707, P=0.803). Conclusion: Normal biventricular stroke volumes and outputs follow a non-linear regression with EFW. FDM have significantly lower right and left heart stroke volumes and outputs for weight than do normal fetuses.
Milestones and frontiers in vascular physiology in health and cancer; Cardiovascular diseases are the main cause of death in the world: ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke account for 30% of total deaths, remaining as leading causes of death globally in the last 15 years. Diabetes and cancer are the fifth and sixth causes of death; those four diseases totaled more than 18 million of deaths in 2015. Cancer depends on vessels too, needing angiogenesis to grow and metastasis. From another point of view, vascular diseases manifest interestingly during pregnancy, where arterial pressure and/or body composition abnormalities manifest with different intensity among patients: hypertension (called preeclampsia, PE), excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). All the listed abnormalities share common pathophysiological pathways with a low grade inflammatory basis which generates oxidative stress, being the vessel wall the final common pathway for the impact of cardiovascular risk factors and genetic predisposition to metabolic, hypertensive and ischemic diseases, inducing the endothelial dysfunction which underlies most of the clinical and paraclinical findings. Vessel wall is an organ with huge paracrine, endocrine and autocrine activity, then its affectation could be not only a consequence but the cause in those pathologies. It is mandatory to research in vascular wall physiology and pathophysiology to understand such disorders and, optimally, to prevent them and their related, as well as to design more precise therapies and consequently to diminish the associated morbidity, mortality and costs. Milestones in vascular physiology will be presented from William Harvey until our days, and frontiers in research emphasizing in health and cancer of mesenteric and placental beds, and the looking for evidences of a muscle-adipocyte-endothelium axis. Those are the challenges for The Vascular Physiology section of the PHYSIS lab at the University of Antioquia. As a conclusion, our lines and preliminary results of research in vascular reactivity, cancer, angiogenesis, PE, EGWG and GDM, and the scientific nets we are working on, will be shown and discussed.
Increased risk of ischemic heart disease, hypertension, and type 2 diabetes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, a target group in general practice for preventive interventions: A population-based cohort study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with developing type 2 diabetes, but very few studies have examined its effect on developing cardiovascular disease. Methods and findings: We conducted a retrospective cohort study utilizing a large primary care database in the United Kingdom. From 1 February 1990 to 15 May 2016, 9,118 women diagnosed with GDM were identified and randomly matched with 37,281 control women by age and timing of pregnancy (up to 3 months). Adjusted incidence rate ratios (IRRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for cardiovascular risk factors and cardiovascular disease. Women with GDM were more likely to develop type 2 diabetes (IRR = 21.96; 95% CI 18.31–26.34) and hypertension (IRR = 1.85; 95% CI 1.59–2.16) after adjusting for age, Townsend (deprivation) quintile, body mass index, and smoking. For ischemic heart disease (IHD), the IRR was 2.78 (95% CI 1.37–5.66), and for cerebrovascular disease 0.95 (95% CI 0.51–1.77; p-value = 0.87), after adjusting for the above covariates and lipid-lowering medication and hypertension at baseline. Follow-up screening for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors was poor. Limitations include potential selective documentation of severe GDM for women in primary care, higher surveillance for outcomes in women diagnosed with GDM than control women, and a short median follow-up postpartum period, with a small number of outcomes for IHD and cerebrovascular disease. Conclusions: Women diagnosed with GDM were at very high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and had a significantly increased incidence of hypertension and IHD. Identifying this group of women in general practice and targeting cardiovascular risk factors could improve long-term outcomes.
Milestones and frontiers in vascular physiology in health and cancer; Cardiovascular diseases are the main cause of death in the world: ischemic heart disease (IHD) and stroke account for 30% of total deaths, remaining as leading causes of death globally in the last 15 years. Diabetes and cancer are the fifth and sixth causes of death; those four diseases totaled more than 18 million of deaths in 2015. Cancer depends on vessels too, needing angiogenesis to grow and metastasis. From another point of view, vascular diseases manifest interestingly during pregnancy, where arterial pressure and/or body composition abnormalities manifest with different intensity among patients: hypertension (called preeclampsia, PE), excessive gestational weight gain (EGWG) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). All the listed abnormalities share common pathophysiological pathways with a low grade inflammatory basis which generates oxidative stress, being the vessel wall the final common pathway for the impact of cardiovascular risk factors and genetic predisposition to metabolic, hypertensive and ischemic diseases, inducing the endothelial dysfunction which underlies most of the clinical and paraclinical findings. Vessel wall is an organ with huge paracrine, endocrine and autocrine activity, then its affectation could be not only a consequence but the cause in those pathologies. It is mandatory to research in vascular wall physiology and pathophysiology to understand such disorders and, optimally, to prevent them and their related, as well as to design more precise therapies and consequently to diminish the associated morbidity, mortality and costs. Milestones in vascular physiology will be presented from William Harvey until our days, and frontiers in research emphasizing in health and cancer of mesenteric and placental beds, and the looking for evidences of a muscle-adipocyte-endothelium axis. Those are the challenges for The Vascular Physiology section of the PHYSIS lab at the University of Antioquia. As a conclusion, our lines and preliminary results of research in vascular reactivity, cancer, angiogenesis, PE, EGWG and GDM, and the scientific nets we are working on, will be shown and discussed.
A single-center experience with 12 consecutive cases of pregnancy among patients with membranous ventricular septal aneurysm; Background: Membranous ventricular septal aneurysm (MVSA) is a rare cardiac anomaly that can occur as an isolated entity or being associated with other cardiac malformations. Complications of MVSA include thromboembolism, arrhythmia, rupture, bacterial endocarditis, right ventricular outflow tract obstruction, and atrioventricular valve diseases. The success rate of pregnancy and delivery in patients with MVSA has not been reported in the literature. This study was to assess the clinical implications of this condition from our center's experience. Methods: This was a retrospective study for consecutive 12 pregnancies in women with MVSA, who delivered at a tertiary care center in west China between May 2008 and March 2015. Results: All patients with MVSA delivered via caesarian section. One patient with severe pulmonary arterial hypertension expired from pulmonary infection and heart failure after delivery. One patient terminated pregnancy in the second trimester- necessitated by cardiogenic shock. The other mothers had varying degrees of cardiac morbidity, but survived. Ten of thirteen newborns survived. Congenital heart disease and small-for-gestational-age (SGA) of newborn occurred in two cases (one twin and one single gestation). Two of these babies expired. Conclusions: Maternal and neonatal risk appeared associated with heart functional classifications, pulmonary hypertension and histories of cardiac events such as serious cardiac arrhythmia. Accurate diagnosis and care by a multidisciplinary team is recommended for pregnant woman with MVSA.
Association of tribbles homologue 1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells with duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia; Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered to be an important factor that epigenetically predisposes offspring to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. However, the mechanisms of how intrauterine hyperglycaemia affects offspring have not been thoroughly studied. The mammalian tribbles homologue 1 (TRIB1) gene is associated with plasma lipid concentrations and coronary artery disease (CAD). Our aim was to study the effect of GDM and its treatment terms on the level of TRIB1 gene expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) of newborns from women with and without GDM. The study included 50 women with GDM and 25 women without GDM (control group). Women with GDM were divided into three groups according to their gestational age when the treatment of GDM started: 24–28 weeks (GDM1, N = 16), 29–32 weeks (GDM2, N = 25) and >34 weeks (GDM3, N = 9). The levels of TRIB1 gene expression in GDM3, GDM2, GDM1 and control groups were 2.8 ± 1.1, 4.2 ± 2.4, 6.0 ± 3.4 and 8.1 ± 6.1, respectively (p = 0.001). After comparison in pairs the difference was significant for the following pairs: GDM2–control (p = 0.004), GDM3–control (p = 0.002), GDM1–GDM3 (p = 0.012). Notably, if treatment had been started before the 28th week of gestation, the difference in TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs was not significant (p = 0.320 for comparison between GDM1 and control groups). Our findings support the hypothesis that TRIB1 gene expression in HUVECs depends on the duration of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycaemia.
Can thrombophilia worsen maternal and perinatal outcomes in cases of severe preeclampsia?; Objective: To evaluate whether thrombophilia worsens maternal and foetal outcomes among patients with severe preeclampsia (PE). Method: From October 2009 to October 2014, an observational retrospective cohort study was performed on pregnant women with severe PE diagnosed before 34 weeks of gestation and their newborns hospitalized at the Clinics Hospital, FMUSP. Patients who had no heart disease, nephropathies, pre-gestational diabetes, gestational trophoblastic disease, foetal malformation, or twin pregnancy and who underwent thrombophilia screening during the postnatal period were included. New pregnancies of the same patient; cases of foetal morphological, genetic, or chromosomal abnormalities after birth; and women who used heparin or acetylsalicylic acid during pregnancy were excluded. Factor V Leiden, G20210A prothrombin mutation, antithrombin, protein C, protein S, homocysteine, lupus anticoagulant, and anticardiolipin IgG and IgM antibodies were analysed. The groups with and without thrombophilia were compared regarding their maternal clinical and laboratory parameters and perinatal outcomes. Results: Of the 127 patients selected, 30 (23.6%) had thrombophilia (hereditary or acquired). We found more white patients in thrombophilia group (p =.036). Analysis of maternal parameters showed a tendency of thrombophilic women to have more thrombocytopenia (p =.056) and showed worsening of composite laboratory abnormalities (aspartate aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, alanine aminotransferase ≥ 70 mg/dL, platelets < 100,000/mm3, serum creatinine ≥ 1.1 mg/dL; p =.017). There were no differences in foetal perinatal outcomes. Conclusion: The presence of thrombophilia leads to worsening of maternal laboratory parameters among patients with severe forms of PE but without worsening perinatal outcomes.
The current status and future of cardiac stem/progenitor cell therapy for congenital heart defects from diabetic pregnancy; Pregestational maternal diabetes induces congenital heart defects (CHDs). Cardiac dysfunction after palliative surgical procedures contributes to the high mortality of CHD patients. Autologous or allogeneic stem cell therapies are effective for improving cardiac function in animal models and clinical trials. c-kit + cardiac progenitor cells (CPCs), the most recognized CPCs, have the following basic properties of stem cells: self-renewal, multicellular clone formation, and differentiation into multiple cardiac lineages. However, there is ongoing debate regarding whether c-kit + CPCs can give rise to sufficient cardiomyocytes. A new hypothesis to address the beneficial effect of c-kit + CPCs is that these cells stimulate endogenous cardiac cells through a paracrine function in producing a robust secretome and exosomes. The values of other cardiac CPCs, including Sca1 + CPCs and cardiosphere-derived cells, are beginning to be revealed. These cells may be better choices than c-kit + CPCs for generating cardiomyocytes. Adult mesenchymal stem cells are considered immune-incompetent and effective for improving cardiac function. Autologous CPC therapy may be limited by the observation that maternal diabetes adversely affects the biological function of embryonic stem cells and CPCs. Future studies should focus on determining the mechanistic action of these cells, identifying new CPC markers, selecting highly effective CPCs, and engineering cell-free products.
Type1 diabetes mellitus and pregnancy: Maternal and fetal outcomes; Background: Different studies suggested that pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) is associated to increased risk of obstetric complications, congenital abnormalities and neonatal morbi-mortality. These outcomes are mainly associated to poor metabolic control since the preconception period to latest gestation. Aims: To evaluate gestational and neonatal outcomes in T1DM pregnant women attended in a Reference Diabetes and Pregnancy Regional Center and to correlate the metabolic control before and during pregnancy to maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Methods: A retrospective cohort study which enrolled T1DM pregnant women from Jan/2010 to Dec/2015. Clinical and laboratory data were collected from a care protocol performed in medical visits. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) was performed monthly (Immunoturbidimetry, reference normal value: 4.8-5.9%). Results: 102 pregnancies of 94 T1DM patients were included. The patients mean age was of 23.5 ± 5.0 years. Of the sample, 84.3% were Caucasian, 19.6% had preeclampsia, 14.1% had diabetic nephropathy and 30.1% had retinopathy. Of these 52.8% reported a family history of systemic arterial hypertension and 52% familiar diabetes. During the gestational period, HbA1c values progressively decreased, demonstrating improvement in metabolic control during pregnancy (HbA1c prior, initial and final: 9.4 ± 2.2, 8.6 ± 1.8 and 7.1 ± 1.2% respectively, p < 0.0001). There was also an initial HbA1c difference between women who had abortion and those who did not (10.3 ± 2.3% vs. 8.5 ± 1.7%, p = 0.04). Regarding the weight gain during pregnancy: 37% was adequate, 35.8% was insufficient and 27.2% was excessive. Concerning the neonatal outcomes 23.1% had fetal macrosomia, 69.2% were at-term and 19.3% presented congenital abnormalities, mainly cardiac diseases. There were no differences between the presence of macrosomia or congenital abnormalities and HbA1c (previous, initial or final). Conclusions: Our data suggest that T1DM pregnant patients with elevated HbA1c values have a greater incidence of abortion. Nevertheless, a significant improvement of glycemic control during pregnancy was evidenced in our sample. Additionally, our results emphasize the importance of the good metabolic control since pre-conception to reduce maternal and fetal adverse outcomes.
The Value of Neutrophil to Lymphocyte Ratio and Platelet to Lymphocyte Ratio for Detecting Early-onset Neonatal Sepsis; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between neonate early-onset sepsis (EOS) and the neutrophil to lymphocyte ratio (NLR) and the platelet to lymphocyte ratio (PLR) of term neonates. Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was conducted with term neonates diagnosed with EOS compared with 44 healthy controls. Exclusion criteria were prematurity, postmaturity, small or large for gestational age according to week of pregnancy, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, chorioamnionitis, congenital major anomalies, and cyanotic congenital heart disease. Results: A total of 122 term neonates were included in the study. Of these, 78 were diagnosed with EOS and 44 were healthy controls. Tachycardia and apnea with bradycardia were the most common clinical signs of the onset of EOS in neonates in the EOS group. This group had significantly higher neutrophil counts, axillary temperatures, NLRs, PLRs, C-reactive proteins, and procalcitonin levels compared with the control group. There was a positive association between neutrophil counts, NLR, and PLR in the EOS group. An NLR of 6.76 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4%; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.99; P=0.001). A PLR of 94.05 was determined as the predictive cutoff value of neonate EOS (sensitivity 97.4; specificity 100%; area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve 0.93; P=0.001). Conclusions: NLRs and PLRs were positively correlated with EOS in term neonates, and these ratios can be used as diagnostic adjunct tests for neonate EOS workups.
Association of spontaneous preterm delivery and future maternal cardiovascular disease; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors are well established. However, little is known about a woman's cardiovascular response to pregnancy, which appears to be an early marker of future maternal CVD risk. Spontaneous preterm delivery (sPTD) has been associated with a ≤ 3-fold increased risk of maternal CVD death later in life compared with having a term delivery. This review focuses on 3 key areas to critically assess the association of sPTD and future maternal CVD risk: (1) CVD risk factors, (2) in?ammatory biomarkers of interest, and (3) specifc forms of vascular dysfunction, such as endothelial function and arterial stiffness, and mechanisms by which each may be linked to sPTD. The association of sPTD with subsequent future maternal CVD risk suggests that a woman's abnormal response to pregnancy may serve as her frst physiological stress test. These fndings suggest that future research is needed to understand why women with sPTD may be at risk for CVD to implement effective interventions earlier in a woman's life.
Recent advances in management of diabetes; Diabetes is one of the largest global non-communicable epidemic of the 21st century. In 2017, the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) reported a prevalence of 415 million adults aged 20-79 years and estimated that it could affect almost 700 million people by 2045. Moreover, over 350 million adults are currently at high risk of developing type 2 diabetes. In Pakistan, a recent National Diabetes Survey 2016-2017, showed that more than 26% population of Pakistan is suffering from type 2 diabetes, which means that around 35 to 38 million Pakistanis above the age of 20 years have diabetes, while 14.47% of people have pre-diabetes. 2 Management of diabetes is constantly evolving. Intensification of diabetes control has proven benefits in the reduction of microvascular complications, while reduction in macrovascular complications, like Cardiovascular diseases, remaines controversial. However, in recent years, several important clinical trials have changed the way, diabetes was treated. After the results of ACCORD and ADVANCE trials, a tight control of diabetes can result in harm rather than the benefit. Secondly, cardiovascular safety of ant-diabetic drugs, have also become a major concern. US FDA has made a mandatory requirement for all new drugs to have a proven cardiovascular safety before their approval.
Development and modification of a mobile health program for postpartum women at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease; Background: Overweight and obese postpartum women with a history of certain pregnancy complications who retain weight after pregnancy are at high risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. These women can decrease their risk via postpartum weight loss, yet traditional face-to-face interventions are often unsuccessful. Although smartphone use is highly prevalent among women of reproductive age, currently available commercial apps are not tailored to the needs of this population. We sought to test components of a mobile health (mHealth) program called Fit After Baby and then iteratively refine the program based on qualitative feedback. Methods: We developed the theory-based mHealth Fit After Baby program for overweight/obese postpartum women with recent gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pre-term birth, and/or babies with growth restriction. This novel mHealth program delivers daily evidence-based content, facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and steps, provides weekly coaching, and includes a gamification component using points and rewards. We conducted three rounds of iterative pilot testing and two focus groups. We analyzed feedback and implemented changes after each round of testing and after the focus groups. Results: A total of 26 postpartum women participated in 3 rounds of pilot testing with mean age 33 (SD± 4) years; BMI 33 (SD± 6) kg/m2, 92% White and 8% Asian. Four of these women participated in two focus groups. The participants' most recent pregnancy was complicated by preeclampsia (35%), pre-term delivery (31%), gestational hypertension (42%), GDM (27%), and/or growth restriction (15%). Overall satisfaction increased progressively from round 1 to round 3. Analysis of qualitative data led to substantial changes in app components. In response to feedback that the navigation was not intuitive, we created a home screen with rotating task cards that link directly to actions and automatically indicate when tasks are completed. In response to the request for more physical activity, nutrition, and recipe information, we added photos and descriptions of exercises which can be performed with a baby, strength training exercises, a yoga curriculum, and a recipe collection. Participants wanted clarification on how to earn points and requested more tangible rewards. We addressed this by simplifiying our point system to a single health warrior badge with four levels that can be redeemed for gift cards. Participants wanted their coach to have more knowledge about their activities to provide more targeted coaching, so we created a coach app with a dashboard showing daily activities in the app, dietary intake, weight, steps, and points accumulated. Conclusions: We applied qualitative feedback from users to substantive-ly modify app components to be more responsive to the needs of this unique population of high risk postpartum women. Now that we have integrated these modifications we are currently testing the Fit After Baby program in a ran-domized trial.
Echocardiographic findings in newborns of gestational diabetic mothers and its relationship with somatomedin C; Background: Diabetes is an important disease that affects fetal development during pregnancy and causes metabolic disorders in newborns. Changes in serum glucose, ketone bodies, and somatomedin C inhibitors in the diabetic pregnancies are responsible for the development of metabolic syndromes. The frequency of maternal hyperglycemia has reduced with careful monitoring during pregnancy of diabetic mothers. Nevertheless, morbidity in offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) continues to be significant. We aimed to investigate the cardiac function of infants of mothers with GDM by echocardiographic (ECHO) Doppler and tissue Doppler methods and to evaluate their demographic features, somatomedin C level and the relations them with each other. Methods: ECHO findings, laboratory data of newborns applied to our clinic between January and December 2016, and demographics of GDM mothers were examined. In the study, 108 neonates born to GDM mothers, and 100 healthy neonates (controls) were enrolled at postpartum 48th hour. Serum somatomedin- C levels were measured and detailed clinical and ECHO examination were performed. Isovolumetric relaxation (IVRT), isovolumetric contraction (IVCT), Myocardial Performance Index (MPI=ei Index) as an index that include both systolic and diastolic time intervals in expressing global systolic and diastolic ventricular functions [MPI: (IVRT + IVCT) / systolic ejection time] were calculated using both ventricular function M-mode, pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler ECHO methods. In addition, pulmonary arterial pressure (PAP) and tricuspid and mitral valves annular plan systolic excursion motions (TAPSE, MAPSE) were measured. Anamnesis and laboratory studies (fasting blood glucose [GHG] and glycosylated hemoglobin c [HbA1c]) measurements of all mothers were performed. Results: In the study group, 49 (45.4%) of infants were females and 59 were males (54.6%), the incidence of macrosomia was 4 (3.7%) in the study group and 2 (2.0%) in the control group. In comparison between the maternal groups, GDM mothers had significantly higher levels of fasting blood glucose (FBG) and HbA1c (p < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in birth weight and somatomedin C levels in neonates between two groups, but head circumference and height values were significantly higher in infants born to GDM mothers (p < 0.05). In the echocardiographic examinations, small muscular ventricular septal defects were detected in 3 infants (2.77%) in study group, and 1 infant (1.0%) in control group. The M mode review revealed that diastolic end-interventricular septum thickness was significantly higher in IDMs group (p < 0.001). In the evaluation of right ventricular function, MPI values were significantly higher in the infants of GDM group than control group (p < 0.05). Also, IVCT, a diastolic function indicator, was significantly longer in the study group (p < 0.05). There was a statistically insignificant decrease in TAPSE values in infants of GDM group (p > 0.05). In evaluation of left ventricular function between groups, MPI and IVRT values were significantly higher in infants of GDM group (p < 0.05), whereas MAPSE values were significantly decreased in the study group (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Although infants of mothers with GDM were clinically normal in our study, we determined significant differences in diastolic parameters in addition to subclinical findings of ventricular septal thickness. We emphasize that cardiac involvement requires early diagnosis and neonatal approach even though complications in infants born to GDM mothers usually recover spontaneously. As expected, these infants are prone to various hyperglycemic adverse outcomes. Therefore, recognizing and treating hyperglycemia in time should be an important target for prevention of metabolic problems and deaths in severe cases.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for infant of a diabetic mother with congenital heart defect; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at increased risk for developing congenital heart defects. We present the case of a newborn male delivered at 38 weeks gestational to a mother with untreated pregestational diabetes with hemoglobin a1c of 11.2%. The patient was large for gestational age with birth weight of 4250 grams, and was born hypotonic with respiratory failure necessitating endotracheal intubation. Apgar scores were 1, 6, 6, and 7 at 1, 5, 10, and 15 minutes, respectively. Transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) showed a patent ductus arteriosus, hypertrophic ventricles, elevated pulmonary pressures, and dynamic left ventricular outflow tract obstruction consistent with hypertrophic obstructive cardiomyopathy associated with infants of diabetic mothers (HOCM-IDM) further complicated by persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). The infant's condition deteriorated, and he became hypotensive to 44/34 and hypoxemic with PaO2 30.8 mmHg, despite therapy with esmolol, fluid administration to maintain preload, inhaled nitric oxide, and high frequency oscillator ventilation. On day of life 3, the patient was placed on veno-venous extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO). Repeat TTEs showed improved filling of the left ventricle and decreased pulmonary pressures, so the patient was successfully decannulated on day of life 7 while on esmolol for rate control, and a combination of inhaled nitric oxide, sildenafil, and iloprost for pulmonary vasodilation. HOCMIDM is a well-recognized cardiomyopathy distinguished from other forms of HOCM by its transient nature. Pathophysiology is attributed to fetal hyperinsulinemia with subsequent synthesis and deposition of fat and glycogen in cardiac myocytes as a result of poorly controlled maternal gestational diabetes. The natural history of HOCM-IDM is spontaneous regression once removed from the maternal environment making supportive therapy with ECMO a viable treatment option to allow for resolution of ventricular hypertrophy over time. Concurrent PPHN worsens pulmonary vascular resistance and further complicates medical management. Due to the reversibility of course, ECMO should be considered for patients with HOCM-IDM and longer ECMO duration may be considered for patients with concurrent PPHN.
Disseminated candida glabrata leading to empyema and pituitary abscess in a young woman with uncontrolled diabetes; Introduction: Disseminated candidiasis is usually acquired in ICUs after prolonged central venous catheterization, TPN, or antibiotics, or post-surgically. Mortality is high especially in immunocompromised patients. We present a unique case of fungal empyema and pituitary abscess from disseminated Candida glabrata (C. glabrata) in a young woman with uncontrolled diabetes. Case Description: A 33-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes presented with three weeks of progressive lethargy and altered mental status. Prior to admission, she had been treated for a staphylococcal hand abscess secondary to an insect bite. She also reported a history of spontaneous abortion the month prior to presentation but did not seek medical treatment. On admission, she was febrile (39.0 C), tachycardic (120 beats/min), and tachypneic (20 breaths/min). Initial exam was notable for lethargy, and decreased bibasilar breath sounds. She was found to be in DKA and was treated with insulin. Hemoglobin A1c was found to be 16.9%. She was found to have new Anti-GAD positive type I diabetes. Her blood cultures repeatedly grew C. glabrata despite treatment with micafungin. Transesophageal echocardiogram was negative for valvular vegetations. CT imaging revealed right pleural effusion and fluid collections in the liver, kidney, and uterus. A right therapeutic thoracentesis revealed neutrophilic predominant exudative effusion. Pleural fluid culture grew C. glabrata. On hospital day seven, the patient developed right afferent papillary defect, ptosis and gaze palsy prompting MRI brain. A 15mm pituitary abscess was found and drained via transphenoidal approach by neurosurgery. Cultures from the abscess also grew C. glabrata. She gradually improved with micafungin followed by voriconazole and aggressive diabetes management. Lethargy improved with treatment of her panhypopituitarism. Her C. glabrata empyema never required chest tube drainage. Discussion: Disseminated C. glabrata is rare in young immunocompentent patients. Our patient developed C. glabrata empyema, pituitary abscess and intraabdominal fluid collections. Her major risk factor was likely severe uncontrolled diabetes. The pelvic fluid collections secondary to spontaneous abortion or the hand abscess treated with antibiotics may have contributed to her profound candidemia, but this seems less likely as both resolved without further drainage. It is rare to see empyema and pituitary abscesses from C. glabrata. Disseminated candida to this degree is usually acquired nosocomially or iatrogenically. This case suggests severe hyperglycemia may also be a risk factor for dissemination. Repeatedly positive fungal cultures should prompt a diligent search for seeding in unusual sterile sites such as the brain and pleural space. (Figure presented) .
Hypoxemia and persistent left superior vena cava in a child with recurrent bronchiolitis; Introduction Persistent left superior vena cava (LSVC) is a rare occurrence in the general population and seldom causes symptoms. When identified in a child, LSVC is usually associated with complex congenital heart disease. We present a case of a child with apparently normal cardiac anatomy who had recurrent bronchiolitis, wheezing, and mild persistent hypoxemia. LSVC subsequently identified by chest CT. Case Report A 12 month-old boy presented to MSU Pediatric Pulmonology for evaluation of recurrent bronchiolitis and hypoxemia. He was born at term by spontaneous vaginal delivery to a 32 year-old G1P1001 mother after infertility management and a pregnancy complicated by maternal gestational diabetes. Birth weight was 2.211 kg. At age 2 months, a heart murmur was noted, and an echocardiogram demonstrated mild right peripheral pulmonary artery stenosis. At age 6 months, this child was hospitalized with cough, wheezing, without fever, and oxygen saturations of 89 - 92%. Rapid RSV antibody test was positive. At age 9 months he was admitted again to the hospital with fever and retractions. Oxygen saturation was 84% and respiratory rate was in the low 60's. With 10 liters of high flow nasal cannula 100% oxygen, saturations improved to 98%. Echocardiogram later that month showed resolution of the PAS without other abnormality. At age 11 months, he was hospitalized with hypoxemia and tachypnea without clear infectious source. Oxygen saturation was 82%. Pulmonary parenchyma was normal; LSVC was evident on chest CT. At cardiac catheterization, the LSVC directly drained to the left atrium. Catheter embolization of the LSVC was successful; pre and post procedure saturations were 89% and 98%. Discussion The incidence of a persistent LSVC in the general population is about 0.3%. In patients with congenital heart disease, the incidence is 3% to 5%. When LSVC is present, it drains to the right atrium via the coronary sinus in 92% of instances. It is rare for the LSVC to drain into the left atrium through an unroofed coronary sinus. In our patient, the LSVC directly entered the left atrium superiorly with resultant mixing of pulmonary venous blood with blood from the LSVC causing mild systemic arterial desaturation. The diagnosis of this most rare congenital defect derived from a roundabout pulmonary evaluation of hypoxemia. Since the connection of the LSVC to the left atrium was direct and the anatomy of the abnormality was posterior, transthoracic echocardiographic findings of this LSVC would be subtle, unusual, and unexpected.
Types and determinants of congenital anomalies among newborns in Bint Al-Huda Teaching Hospital in Thi-Qar Governorate at 2015-2017; Background: Congenital anomalies are a major cause of neonatal and infant death, and disability around the world. The prevalence of congenital malformations differs widely between countries. Objectives: To determine the types of congenital anomalies among neonates and to identify the possible risk factors associated with congenital anomalies. Patients and Methods: A case-control study was carried out during 3years period (from the 1st of January 2015 to the 15th of December 2017). One hundred seventy-two neonates with congenital anomalies admitted to neonatal intensive care unit in Bint Al-Huda Teaching Hospital were involved in the study as a case group. A total of 305 neonates without congenital anomalies were randomly selected from neonates admitted to the same hospital for reasons other than congenital anomalies and including in the study as a control group. Results: Neural tube defects are the predominant type of congenital anomalies (31.9%), followed by congenital heart diseases (14.5%), cleft lip and palate (6.9%), and upper and lower limbs deformity (5.9%). Both genders equally distributed among patient and control group p-value > 0.05. The higher percentages of multiple congenital anomalies were detected among low birth weight neonates (30.6%), premature neonates (24.5%), neonates of mothers with advance age (> 35 years) (33.3%), grand multiparas (27.8%), and women with pregestational diabetes (37.5%).There is a significant positive association of low birth weight and premature neonates, young maternal age, chronic maternal illness, father occupation, and family history with the congenital anomalies, p-value < 0.05. Mother and Father Age, and prematurity were independent risk factors for congenital anomalies (OR 8.470, 17.367, 6.606, respectively). There is a highly significant association between congenital malformations with periconceptional folic acid intake, p-value < 0.001, (OR 5.746). Conclusion: The commonest congenital anomalies are neural tube defects, followed by congenital heart diseases, cleft lip and palate, and upper and lower limbs deformity. There is a positive association of low birth weight, chronic maternal illness, father occupation, and family history with the congenital anomalies. Parental age and prematurity were independent risk factors for congenital anomalies. Periconceptional folicacidin take protect against congenital malformations.
Global aetiology and epidemiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications; Globally, the number of people with diabetes mellitus has quadrupled in the past three decades, and diabetes mellitus is the ninth major cause of death. About 1 in 11 adults worldwide now have diabetes mellitus, 90% of whom have type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Asia is a major area of the rapidly emerging T2DM global epidemic, with China and India the top two epicentres. Although genetic predisposition partly determines individual susceptibility to T2DM, an unhealthy diet and a sedentary lifestyle are important drivers of the current global epidemic; early developmental factors (such as intrauterine exposures) also have a role in susceptibility to T2DM later in life. Many cases of T2DM could be prevented with lifestyle changes, including maintaining a healthy body weight, consuming a healthy diet, staying physically active, not smoking and drinking alcohol in moderation. Most patients with T2DM have at least one complication, and cardiovascular complications are the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in these patients. This Review provides an updated view of the global epidemiology of T2DM, as well as dietary, lifestyle and other risk factors for T2DM and its complications.
Evolutionary perspectives on cesarean section; Cesarean section (surgical removal of a neonate through the maternal abdominal and uterine walls) can be a life-saving medical intervention for both mothers and their newborns when vaginal delivery through the birth canal is impossible or dangerous. In recent years however, the rates of cesarean sections have increased in many countries far beyond the level of 10-15% recommended as optimal by the World Health Organization. These 'excess' cesarean sections carry a number of risks to both mothers and infants including complication from surgery for the mother and respiratory and immunological problems later in life for the infants. We argue that an evolutionary perspective on human childbirth suggests that many of these 'unnecessary' cesarean sections could be avoided if we considered the emotionally supportive social context in which childbirth has taken place for hundreds of thousands or perhaps even millions of years of human evolution. The insight that human childbirth is usually a cooperative, even social event in which women are attended by familiar, supportive family and friends suggests that the harsh clinical environment in which women often give birth in the developed world is not the best setting for dealing with the strong emotional forces that usually accompany labor and delivery. We argue that providing a secure, supportive environment for laboring mothers can reduce the rate of 'unnecessary' surgical deliveries.
Anti-inflammatory activity of marine ovothiol a in an in vitro model of endothelial dysfunction induced by hyperglycemia; Chronic hyperglycemia is associated with oxidative stress and vascular inflammation, both leading to endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease that can be weakened by antioxidant/anti-inflammatory molecules in both healthy and diabetic subjects. Among natural molecules, ovothiol A, produced in sea urchin eggs to protect eggs/embryos from the oxidative burst at fertilization and during development, has been receiving increasing interest for its use as an antioxidant. Here, we evaluated the potential antioxidative/anti-inflammatory effect of purified ovothiol A in an in vitro cellular model of hyperglycemiainduced endothelial dysfunction employing human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) from women affected by gestational diabetes (GD) and from healthy mothers. Ovothiol A was rapidly taken up by both cellular systems, resulting in increased glutathione values in GD-HUVECs, likely due to the formation of reduced ovothiol A. In tumor necrosis factor-a-stimulated cells, ovothiol A induced a downregulation of adhesion molecule expression and decrease in monocyte-HUVEC interaction. This was associated with a reduction in reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and an increase in nitric oxide bioavailability. These results point to the potential antiatherogenic properties of the natural antioxidant ovothiol A and support its therapeutic potential in pathologies related to cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative/inflammatory stress and endothelial dysfunction.
Fetal cardiac remodeling in twin pregnancy conceived by assisted reproductive technology; OBJECTIVE: Recent data suggest that singleton fetuses conceived by assisted reproductive technology (ART) present cardiovascular remodeling that may persist postnatally. Twin pregnancies are more frequent in the ART population and are associated with increased adverse perinatal outcomes, such as hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and preterm birth. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present in twin pregnancies conceived by ART. Our aim was to assess the presence of fetal cardiac remodeling and dysfunction in twin pregnancies conceived by ART as compared with those conceived spontaneously (SC).
Intracerebral hemorrhage in a neonate secondary to streptococcus pneumonia: A case report; Streptococcus pneumoniae are gram-positive, lancet-shaped, polysaccharide-encapsulated diplococcus. It frequently colonizes the upper respiratory tract and may cause infection or invasive disease. It has a high morbidity in children, especially when related with the respiratory tract. The most severe complication of pneumococcal infection is invasive pneumococcal disease, either as sepsis or meningitis. With the decline of invasive Haemophilus influenza type b disease, S. Pneumoniae has become the leading cause of bacterial meningitis among children younger than 5 years of age. Streptococcal infection in the neonate is relatively an unusual event (1-11% of neonatal sepsis) but is associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. Pneumococcal sepsis in neonate may have an early or late onset. The transmission of the germ may happen via the ascending route or during passage through the birth canal. We present a case report of a neonate who was born with severe neonatal infection due to Streptococcus pneumonia complicated by intracerebral hemorrhage. There are very few case reports of this illness in neonates. Although it is a rare occurrence in neonates, it can be potentially fatal. Setting of maternal vaccination programs could prevent this neonatal infection.
Post-partum glucose testing: Missed opportunities for assessing and preventing diabetes mellitus in women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical problem in pregnancy and predict future Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM). Expert guidelines encourage postpartum glucose testing at the 6 weeks post-natal visit to properly evaluate and manage women who were diagnosed with GDM during pregnancy. We followed up women diagnosed with GDM and overt DM to examine the post-natal care, prevalence of postpartum glucose testing and the factors associated with testing. Methods This was a retrospective study of 142 women who were identified as having GDM or Overt DM using the Modified WHO 2013 diagnostic criteria after a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) between April 2013 and April 2017 among preg nant women referred to the metabolic Clinic of the Clinical Chemistry Department of Jos University Teaching Hospital. Fifty eight women responded to followed up phone calls to determine their post- pregnancy status. Socio-demographic data and obstetric history were obtained from hospital and laboratory records. Result The Mean (SD) age of the women was 33.6(5.0) yrs; 34(58.6%) and 24 (41.4%) had GDM and overt DM respectively. Most of the women had tertiary education 47(81%); were less than 35 years of age 34(58.6%) and Grandmultiparous 39(67.2%). Median (IQR) Gestational Age at testing was 30 (23.5-32.0) weeks. Only twenty women (34.5%); 4(6.9%) by OGTT and 16 (27.6%) by random glucose were tested six weeks post delivery. Thirty seven (63.8%) and 19 (32.8%) had fasting and random glucose testing respectively while 8(13.8%) did not have any form of glucose testing after delivery. Most of the testing were done by Point of Care Testing (POCT) 42(72.4%); 10 (17.2%) were tested in a clinical laboratory. Only 28 (48.3%) had been counseled to repeat OGTT post-delivery while 19 (32.8%) were referred for further treatment. A diagnosis of overt DM was significantly associated with random glucose testing after 6 weeks visit (P= 0.019) and testing carried out in the laboratory P=0.043. The category of diagnosis (GDM or Overt DM) was not associated with repeat OGTT/random glucose, testing by POCT, counseling for repeat OGTT or referral for further treatment (P> 0.05). Conclusion This study highlights that OGTT or random glucose test at 6 weeks post delivery for women diagnosed with GDM or overt DM is very low. Poor counseling and referral for treatment suggest a gap in post-partum care given to women with glucose intolerance in Pregnancy and represents missed opportunities for assessing and preventing Diabetes mellitus and Cardiovascular Diseases in such women. In view of the increased risk of T2DM in women diagnosed with GDM, there is urgent need for local guidelines and coordinated multidisciplinary approach to follow-up testing for such women. Post-partum screening for DM and CVD risk assessment should be incorporated into existing integrated care programmes for mother and child at the 6-weeks post-partum visit. Laboratories should play more prominent role in post-partum glucose testing and closer collaborations between clinical laboratories and clinicians is crucial for slowing the progression to overt DM and attendant complications.
Evaluation of acquired thrombocytopenia in neonatal intensive care unit; Objective: Thrombocytopenia has recently become a significant problem in patients admitted to neonatal intensive care unit. In this population, the cases of acquired thrombocytopenia is more noteworthy. In this study, it was aimed to evaluate the causes of acquired thrombocytopenia in the neonatal intensive care unit. Methods: Total of 588 infants, who admitted to NICU between 2013-2014, enrolled in the study and they were divided into three groups according to their platelet levels; mild (100-150×109/mm3), moderate (50-99×109/mm3) and severe (<50×109/mm3) thrombocytopenia. Infants Infants were classified into two groups according to the time at onset; early onset (within first 72 hours) and late-onset (after 72 hours) thrombocytopenia. Prenatal risk factors for thrombocytopenia; maternal hypertension and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, delivery mode and active resuscitation at birth, perinatal asphyxia and neonatal risk factors; gestational age, gender, comorbid diagnoses were studied. Results: Thrombocytopenia was seen in 79 of 588 cases (13.4%). 28 (35.0%) of them had mild, 24 (30.0%) had moderate and 27 (34.0%) severe thrombocytopenia. Infants with early onset thrombocytopenia were 56.9% (n=45) of cases. 60.0% of neonates (n=48) were preterm, 40.0% of neonates was the term. 40.0% of cases were girls. According to the mode of delivery, 58 neonates were born by cesarean section. 43 babies were (54.0%) initially actively resuscitated in the delivery room. The most common neonatal factor was perinatal asphyxia. The most common diagnosis were related with respiratory problems (respiratory distress syndrome, congenital pneumonia, transient tachypnea of the newborn, meconium aspiration syndrome) (n=47) and the other diagnosis were hyperbilirubinemia (ABO incompatibility) (n=12), sepsis (n=9), congenital heart diseases (n=4), convulsion (n=2), hypoglycemia (n=2), Down syndrome (n=1), nutrition intolerance (n=1), Pierre Robin Syndrome (n=1). Conclusion: In the neonatal intensive care unit, thrombocytopenia incidence was determined as 13.4%. Maternal hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and prematurity were prominent risk factors for early onset thrombocytopenia, neonatal sepsis was the prominent factor of late-onset thrombocytopenia in newborn.
Effect of maternal psoriasis on pregnancy and birth outcomes: A population-based cohort study from Denmark and Sweden; Studies on pregnancy and birth outcomes in women with psoriasis are scarce and the findings inconsistent. The effect of maternal psoriasis and its severity on the risk of adverse pregnancy and birth outcomes was examined. A cross-national population-based cohort study was performed using prospectively collected data from Denmark and Sweden. Singleton births in women with psoriasis were identified in the national health registers between April 2007 and December 2012 and classified according to disease severity. Lifestyle factors, co-morbidity, pregnancy and birth outcomes were evaluated. A total of 8,097 births were identified in 6,103 women with psoriasis and 964 births in 753 women with psoriatic arthritis. Increased risk of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, elective and emergency caesarean delivery was found in women with psoriasis. The risks were higher for women with severe psoriasis, who also had an increased risk of preterm birth and low birth weight. Pre-concep-tion counselling to improve maternal, pregnancy and birth outcome is encouraged.
Early-Onset Neonatal Sepsis with Extended Spectrum Beta-Lactamase Producing Escherichia Coli in Infants Born to South and South East Asian Immigrants: A Case Series; Extended-spectrum β -lactamase (ESBL)-producing Enterobacteriaceae represent a major worldwide threat. We present three cases of early onset ESBL Escherichia coli sepsis in infants born to families from South and Southeast Asia to inform the practitioner community about this emerging threat. Infants with suspected sepsis, whose mother is from Asia or Southeast Asia, should be suspected of having an infection with an ESBL-producing organism, and practitioners should strongly consider adding a carbapenem to their usual initial antibiotic regimen.
Abnormalities of the umbilical cord and cardiotocographic features in pregnancy and labour; From the early stages of pregnancy until birth, the interface between mother and child is the umbilical cord. The available knowledge regarding this so important organ for the continuance of life during pregnancy, is quite limited. The umbilical cord may appear a number of anatomical and mechanical abnormalities. These abnormalities may cause suspicious or abnormal cardiotocographic patterns during pregnancy and labour. The presence of variable decelerations during pregnancy or labor is quite common in umbilical cord abnormalities.
Clinical characteristics and prognosis of collodion babies; Objective: This study aimed to investigate the clinical characteristics of collodion babies. Methods: Clinical information of 16 collodion babies that received treatment in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit, between 2009 and 2018, was retrospectively reviewed. Perinatal factors, clinical manifestations, therapeutic response, and findings from follow ups were analyzed. Results: There were 11 full-term babies and 5 premature babies. Caesarean section was noted in 13 cases (82%) and the first delivery in 12 (71%). Of these, the disease was cured in 16 cases and improved in 7 cases. One collodion baby refused to receive treatment and one died. Two babies developed skin sclerosis and decrustation, twice, due to concomitant pneumonia or sepsis. New skin slowly formed and complete formation of new skin was observed for up to 30 days in babies with sepsis. Infections (pneumonia and sepsis) often affect disease progression or cause recurrence, but they had no influence on prognosis. Prevention and infection control are crucial for treatment of collodion babies. Conclusion: Collodion babies usually have a good prognosis. Extra-hospital rational skin care is key for protection and maintenance of skin appearance and function and for improved quality of life.
Association between Attempted External Cephalic Version and Perinatal Morbidity and Mortality; OBJECTIVE: To examine whether, with fetal malpresentation at term, perinatal morbidity and mortality differ between women who undergo an external cephalic version (ECV) attempt and those who do not and are expectantly managed. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of women with nonanomalous singleton gestations in nonvertex presentation delivering at a tertiary care institution from 2006 to 2016. Women undergoing an ECV attempt at 37 weeks of gestation or greater were compared with those with nonvertex fetuses who did not undergo an ECV attempt and delivered at 37 weeks of gestation or greater. The primary outcome was a composite of perinatal morbidity and mortality including stillbirth, neonatal death within 72 hours, Apgar score less than 5 at 5 minutes, umbilical artery pH less than 7.0, base deficit 12 mmol/L or greater, or neonatal therapeutic hypothermia. Secondary outcomes were neonatal intensive care unit admission and neonatal anemia (hemoglobin value less than 13.5 g/dL). Bivariable and multivariable analyses were performed. RESULTS: Of the 4,117 women meeting eligibility criteria, 1,263 (30.7%) attempted ECV; 509 (40.3%) of these attempts resulted in successful versions. In bivariable analyses, women who underwent attempted ECV were more likely to be non-Hispanic white and multiparous and had lower mean body mass indexes. The composite perinatal morbidity and mortality outcome did not differ significantly between women who did and did not undergo attempted ECV (2.9% vs 2.5%, P5.46). The frequencies of neonatal intensive care unit admission (3.6% vs 3.3%, P5.53) and neonatal anemia (1.6% vs 1.2%, P5.36) were also similar. There continued to be no association between ECV attempt and composite perinatal morbidity and mortality outcome after adjustment for potential confounders (adjusted odds ratio 1.02, 95% CI 0.66-1.60). CONCLUSION: Compared with expectant management, an ECV attempt at term is not associated with increased perinatal morbidity or mortality.
Risk of Severe Acute Maternal Morbidity According to Planned Mode of Delivery in Twin Pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the association between the planned mode of delivery and severe acute maternal morbidity in women with twin pregnancies. METHODS: In this planned secondary analysis of the JUmeaux MODe d'Accouchement cohort, a national prospective population-based study of twin deliveries conducted from February 2014 to March 2015 in 176 hospitals performing more than 1,500 annual deliveries in France, we included women with twin pregnancies at 24 weeks of gestation or greater with two live fetuses. Women delivering before 24 weeks of gestation, those with recognized indications for cesarean delivery, and those with severe acute maternal morbidity symptomatic before labor were excluded to limit confounding by indication. The primary outcome was a composite measure of intra- or postpartum severe acute maternal morbidity. Multivariate Poisson regression models and propensity score matching were used to control for potential confounding by indication. Analyses were conducted for the overall study cohort as well as stratified by maternal age in years (younger than 30, 30-34, 35 years or older). No adjustments were made for multiple comparisons. RESULTS: Among the 8,124 women included in this analysis, 3,062 (37.7%) had planned cesarean deliveries and 5,062 (62.3%) had planned vaginal deliveries, of whom 4,015 (79.3%) delivered both twins vaginally. No significant overall association was found between the planned mode of delivery and severe acute maternal morbidity (6.1% in the planned cesarean delivery group and 5.4% in the planned vaginal group; adjusted relative risk 1.00, 95% CI 0.81-1.24). In women 35 years or older, the risk of severe acute maternal morbidity was significantly higher for those with planned cesarean delivery than planned vaginal delivery (7.8% vs 4.6%, adjusted relative risk 1.44, 95% CI 1.02-2.06). Propensity score and secondary analyses yielded similar results. CONCLUSION: In twin pregnancies, there is no overall association between planned mode of delivery and severe acute maternal morbidity. Women older than 35 years may be at higher risk of severe acute maternal morbidity after planned cesarean delivery.
Reproductive endocrinology and infertility: Clinical expert series polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a highly prevalent disorder, representing the single most common endocrine-metabolic disorder in reproductive-aged women. Currently there are four recognized phenotypes of PCOS: 1) hyperandrogenism+oligo-anovulation+polycystic ovarian morphology; 2) hyperandrogenism+oligo-anovulation; 3) hyperandrogenism+polycystic ovarian morphology; and 4) oligo-anovulation+polycystic ovarian morphology, each with different long-term health and metabolic implications. Clinicians should clearly denote a patient's phenotype when making the diagnosis of PCOS. Polycystic ovary syndrome is a highly inherited complex polygenic, multifactorial disorder. Pathophysiologically abnormalities in gonadotropin secretion or action, ovarian folliculogenesis, steroidogenesis, insulin secretion or action, and adipose tissue function, among others, have been described in PCOS. Women with PCOS are at increased risk for glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus; hepatic steatosis and metabolic syndrome; hypertension, dyslipidemia, vascular thrombosis, cerebrovascular accidents, and possibly cardiovascular events; subfertility and obstetric complications; endometrial atypia or carcinoma, and possibly ovarian malignancy; and mood and psychosexual disorders. The evaluation of patients suspected of having PCOS includes a thorough history and physical examination, assessment for the presence of hirsutism, ovarian ultrasonography, and hormonal testing to confirm hyperandrogenism and oligo-anovulation as needed and to exclude similar or mimicking disorders. Therapeutic decisions in PCOS depend on the patients' phenotype, concerns, and goals, and should focus on 1) suppressing and counteracting androgen secretion and action, 2) improving metabolic status, and 3) improving fertility. However, despite significant progress in understanding the pathophysiology and diagnosis of the disorder over the past 20 years, the disorder remains underdiagnosed and misunderstood by many practitioners.
The rs1625579 T>G polymorphism in the miRNA-137 gene confers a risk of early-onset Kawasaki disease in a Southern Chinese population; Background: Kawasaki disease (KD) mainly manifests as excessive inflammation and vascular endothelial cell injury. This disease generally occurs in children younger than 5 years of age and is more severe in children younger than 12 months. KD affects males and females at a ratio of 1.5:1. Polymorphisms of the rs1625579 locus in the miR-137 gene are associated with schizophrenia susceptibility, and high glucose-induced upregulation of miR-137 in vascular endothelial cells promotes monocyte chemotaxis and inflammatory cytokine secretion in gestational diabetes mellitus. However, researchers have not reported whether rs1625579 is associated with KD susceptibility or onset. Therefore, we investigated the relationship between the miRNA-137 rs1625579 T>G polymorphism and KD susceptibility. Methods: TaqMan real-time polymerase chain reaction was applied to determine the genotypes of 532 patients with KD (365 males and 167 females) and 623 control subjects (402 males and 221 females). Results: Comparison of all cases with all controls revealed that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism was not associated with KD susceptibility. However, a subgroup analysis revealed that subjects with the rs1625579 TG/GG genotypes exhibited a significantly higher onset risk for KD before 12 months of age than carriers of the TT genotype (adjusted age and gender odds ratio=1.99, 95% CI=1.04–3.83; P=0.039). Conclusion: Our results indicate that the rs1625579 T>G polymorphism confers a risk of early-onset KD in southern Chinese children.
Management of monochorionic monoamniotic twins: Case reports and a review of literatures; Monochorionic monoamniotic (MCMA) twins are rare but are associated with higher morbidity and mortality rates than monochorionic diamniotic (MCDA) twins. Although the prenatal prognosis of MCMA pregnancy has improved with advanced prenatal care, no consensus has been reached for the management for MCMA twins. Here, the authors report two cases of MCMA twin pregnancies diagnosed at 30 weeks of gestation and complicated with congenital heart disease, respectively, with a review of literature on MCMA twin pregnancies.
Treatment of uterine artery pseudoaneurysm by embolization or hysteroscopy combined with laparoscopy: Two case reports; Uterine artery pseudoaneurysm (UAP) is a rare but potentially life-threatening condition when it ruptures. The primary therapeutic method is embolization, which is approved by most specialists. The authors researched two case reports of UAP. By conducting Doppler ultrasonography and arteriography, two women were diagnosed with UAP after caesarean section, and then arterial embolization was performed for treatment. After embolization, the treatment was successful in one patient but failed in the other one with repeated vaginal bleeding. Therefore, laparoscopy combined with hysteroscopy was performed to the other patient, in which uterine myometrial lesions were located under hysteroscopy and resected by laparoscopy. Finally, the uterine wall defect was reconstructed by suture, and the abnormal vaginal bleeding was successfully stopped after operation. Patients with unexplained abnormal vaginal bleeding, especially after trauma in uterus, should be cared for in case of developing UAP. Embolization is the priority treatment for UAP, while laparoscopy combined with hysteroscopy could be an alternative treatment of unsuccessful embolization.
Metabolic syndrome in pregnancy and risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective cohort of nulliparous women; Background: Obesity increases the risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), which both associate with increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in women in later life. In the general population, metabolic syndrome (MetS) associates with T2DM and CVD. The impact of maternal MetS on pregnancy outcomes, in nulliparous pregnant women, has not been investigated. Methods and findings: Low-risk, nulliparous women were recruited to the multi-centre, international prospective Screening for Pregnancy Endpoints (SCOPE) cohort between 11 November 2004 and 28 February 2011. Women were assessed for a range of demographic, lifestyle, and metabolic health variables at 15 ± 1 weeks’ gestation. MetS was defined according to International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria for adults: waist circumference ≥80 cm, along with any 2 of the following: raised trigycerides (≥1.70 mmol/l [≥150 mg/dl]), reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (<1.29 mmol/l [<50 mg/dl]), raised blood pressure (BP) (i.e., systolic BP ≥130 mm Hg or diastolic BP ≥85 mm Hg), or raised plasma glucose (≥5.6 mmol/l). Log-binomial regression analyses were used to examine the risk for each pregnancy outcome (GDM, PE, large for gestational age [LGA], small for gestational age [SGA], and spontaneous preterm birth [sPTB]) with each of the 5 individual components for MetS and as a composite measure (i.e., MetS, as defined by the IDF). The relative risks, adjusted for maternal BMI, age, study centre, ethnicity, socioeconomic index, physical activity, smoking status, depression status, and fetal sex, are reported. A total of 5,530 women were included, and 12.3% (n = 684) had MetS. Women with MetS were at an increased risk for PE by a factor of 1.63 (95% CI 1.23 to 2.15) and for GDM by 3.71 (95% CI 2.42 to 5.67). In absolute terms, for PE, women with MetS had an adjusted excess risk of 2.52% (95% CI 1.51% to 4.11%) and, for GDM, had an adjusted excess risk of 8.66% (95% CI 5.38% to 13.94%). Diagnosis of MetS was not associated with increased risk for LGA, SGA, or sPTB. Increasing BMI in combination with MetS increased the estimated probability for GDM and decreased the probability of an uncomplicated pregnancy. Limitations of this study are that there are several different definitions for MetS in the adult population, and as there are none for pregnancy, we cannot be sure that the IDF criteria are the most appropriate definition for pregnancy. Furthermore, MetS was assessed in the first trimester and may not reflect pre-pregnancy metabolic health status. Conclusions: We did not compare the impact of individual metabolic components with that of MetS as a composite, and therefore cannot conclude that MetS is better at identifying women at risk. However, more than half of the women who had MetS in early pregnancy developed a pregnancy complication compared with just over a third of women who did not have MetS. Furthermore, while increasing BMI increases the probability of GDM, the addition of MetS exacerbates this probability. Further studies are required to determine if individual MetS components act synergistically or independently.
Long-Term Cardiovascular Effects of Pregnancy-Related Disorders; Usually, pregnancy-elated effects and changes in the different organs terminate after delivery or maybe within 6 months. Long-term effect of complicated pregnancies leading to long-term cardiovascular and other diseases was recognized long back. With the accumulating evidence with many landmark studies, it became mandatory to have pregnancy heart team approach not only to manage during pregnancy and peripartum period but also to monitor future events and educate the pregnant women about the modification of cardiovascular risks for prevention of anticipated events. In this review, more importance is given to risk-stratify these women with complicated pregnancy and recommendation to prevent the long-term effects.
Association of Pregnancy-Related Factors and Cardiovascular Disease in the Long Term; Aim To observe the association of pregnancy-related factors on the incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Introduction CVD is one of the leading causes of death in women. It really emphasizes the need for early recognition of cardiovascular risk in women. Heart disease in women poses a major challenge in that the first events are more likely to be fatal. Pregnancy itself predicts cardiovascular disease in later life and is a screening test for CVD. Methods Total 136 female patients from the outpatient clinic, as well as patients of our hospital, were included in our retrospective single-center study. Along with demographic data and details of risk factors, the reproductive history of all patients such as age at first pregnancy, number of children, any hormonal therapy, and mode and place of delivery were noted. Pregnancy-related data, such as the history of hypertension, diabetes, abortion, pregnancy loss; preterm delivery; and the weight of the newborn were taken into consideration. We excluded unmarried and nulliparous women. Results The study population comprised 136 female patients. There were 69 (50.74%) in group 1 (coronary artery disease [CAD] group) and 67 (49.36%) in group 2 (non-CAD group). Mean age of patients at enrollment was 53.2 ± 12.52 years. Twenty-seven (19.8%) patients fell under lost pregnancy or child category, and abortions and preterm delivery were faced in 26 (19.1%). Seventy-one (52.2%) patients attained menopause whereas hysterectomy was done in 35 (25.7%). The average age of hysterectomy was 38.37 ± 8.50 years, and that for menopause was 46.78 ± 5.04 years. During pregnancy, the history of hypertension was given only in 4 (3%), diabetes was in given none, and history of a low birth weight of the newborn was given in 3 (2.2%) women. The univariate analysis was done to see the statistical significance of mainly pregnancy factors on long-term cardiac outcomes along with risk factors. Generally, hypertension (p = 0.01) and diabetes (p = 0.01) had significance with cardiac outcomes. In spite of these, the history of a lost pregnancy/child and pregnancy complications both have shown near significance, that is, p = 0.06. Conclusion Our study suggests an impact of pregnancy loss irrespective of the etiology on the future cardiac outcomes as along with predominant impact factors of hypertension and diabetes.
Early subclinical atherosclerosis in gestational diabetes: The predictive role of routine biomarkers and nutrigenetic variants; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can be considered a silent risk for out-of-pregnancy diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. We aimed to assess the predictive role of 3rd trimester lipid profile during pregnancy for the susceptibility to markers of subclinical atherosclerosis (CVD susceptibility) at 3 years in a cohort of women with history of GDM. A secondary aim is to evaluate the usefulness of novel nutrigenetic markers, in addition to traditional parameters, for predicting early subclinical atherosclerosis in such women in order to plan adequate early prevention interventions. We assessed 28 consecutive GDM women in whom we collected socio-demographic characteristics and clinical and anthropometric parameters at the 3rd trimester of pregnancy. In a single blood sample, from each patient, we assessed 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) from 9 genes related to nutrients and metabolism, which were genotyped by High Resolution Melting analysis. All women then attended a 3-year-postpartum follow-up and on that occasion performed an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT, with 75 g oral glucose), the measurement of carotid artery intima-media thickness (cIMT), and analyses of metabolic parameters. In addition, we evaluated the physical activity level and the adherence to Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) using the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short version) and PREDIMED questionnaires. We found an association between 3rd trimester triglycerides and cIMT (p = 0 014). We also found significant associations between the APOA5 CC genotype and cIMT after adjustments for age and body mass index (p = 0 045) and between the interaction CC APOA5/CC LDLR and cIMT (p = 0 010). At the follow-up, the cohort also featured a mean BMI in the overweight range and a high mean waist circumference. We found no difference in the MedDiet adherence, physical activity, and smoking but an inverse correlation between the PREDIMED and the IPAQ scores with the IMT. In conclusion, this preliminary study provides insight into the predictive role of lipid profile during pregnancy and of some genetic variants on cIMT taken as a parameter of subclinical CVD susceptibility in GDM.
Maternal dyslipidaemia in pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus: Possible impact on foetoplacental vascular function and lipoproteins in the neonatal circulation; Dyslipidaemia occurs in pregnancy to secure foetal development. The mother shows a physiological increase in plasma total cholesterol and Triglycerides (TG) as pregnancy progresses (i.e. maternal physiological dyslipidaemia in pregnancy). However, in some women pregnancy-associated dyslipidaemia exceeds this physiological adaptation. The consequences of this condition on the developing fetus include endothelial dysfunction of the foetoplacental vasculature and development of foetal aortic atherosclerosis. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) associates with abnormal function of the foetoplacental vasculature due to foetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia, and associates with development of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Supraphysiological dyslipidaemia is also detected in GDM pregnancies. Although there are several studies showing the alteration in the maternal and neonatal lipid profile in GDM pregnancies, there are no studies addressing the effect of dyslipidaemia in the maternal and foetal vasculature. The literature reviewed suggests that dyslipidaemia in GDM pregnancy should be an additional factor contributing to worsen GDM-associated endothelial dysfunction by altering signalling pathways involving nitric oxide bioavailability and neonatal lipoproteins.
Pharmaceutical analysis and diabetes mellitus-a review; Context: Current review focuses on the importance of pharmaceutical analytical techniques in the diagnosis of diabetes and the study of antidiabetic drugs. Objective: The main objective of the review is to compile the different analytical tools such as UV-spectroscopy, Fourier-transform infrared (FT-IR), nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR), liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS), gas chromatography (GC)-MS, and electrophoresis that are used to diagnose diabetes using different analytical methods. It also attempts to provide information on the assay of antidiabetic drugs by various analytical techniques and thus helps in the development of novel methods for the study of newer drugs molecules having antidiabetic activity. Methods: The blood sample is subjected to centrifugation to collect the serum before any analytical estimation of antidiabetic drugs. The different types of diabetes were diagnosed using various analytical techniques such as UV-spectroscopy, FT-IR, NMR, LC-MS, GC-MS, and electrophoresis. Results: Different analytical methods that were reported in the literature, were succinctly discussed about the quantification of various antidiabetic drugs. These methods were also employed for the determination of antidiabetic drugs in the research field for the study of actives pharmaceutical ingredients, marketing dosage forms, and post-marketed dosage forms. Conclusion: This review is compiled in such a manner such that it helps the analysts to diagnose diabetes using different analytical techniques and also to study various antidiabetic drugs in the pharmaceutical research field. It also attempts to provide information about different active pharmaceutical ingredients, marketing dosage forms, and post-marketed dosage forms.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnant women: A review of pregnancy outcomes and an approach to management; Among obese pregnant women, 15%-20% have obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and this prevalence increases along with body mass index and in the presence of other comorbidities. Prepregnancy obesity and pregnancy-related weight gain are certainly risk factors for sleep-disordered breathing in pregnancy, but certain physiologic changes of pregnancy may also increase a woman's risk of developing or worsening OSA. While it has been shown that untreated OSA in postmenopausal women is associated with a range of cardiovascular, pulmonary, and metabolic comorbidities, a body of literature is emerging that suggests OSA may also have serious implications for the health of mothers and fetuses during and after pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the following: pregnancy as a vulnerable period for the development or worsening of OSA; the associations between OSA and maternal and fetal outcomes; the current screening modalities for OSA in pregnancy; and current recommendations regarding peripartum management of OSA.
Classical cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancy and associations to uteroplacental acute atherosis; Uteroplacental acute atherosis (AA) is a pregnancy-specific arterial lesion resembling early stages of atherosclerosis. AA is frequent in preeclamptic pregnancies, which associate with increased long-term maternal risk of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. We hypothesized that AA in pregnant women associates with classical risk factors for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, hyperlipidemia, glucose intolerance, elevated C-reactive protein, age, and body mass index. We included 237 women delivered by cesarean section (healthy pregnancies, n=94; preeclampsia, n=87; pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus, n=39; diabetes mellitus with preeclampsia, n=17). They provided blood before delivery for biomarker analyses. AA was diagnosed by immunohistochemistry in uteroplacental (decidual) tissue collected after placental removal. Statistical analyses were performed with Mann-Whitney test. Levels of traditional cardiovascular markers were not associated with decidual AA within the groups of women with normotensive pregnancies, preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, or diabetes mellitus superimposed with preeclampsia. However, the oldest patient age quartile (36-43 years old) with AA had significantly higher levels of LDL (low-density lipoprotein) and apolipoprotein B (both P<0.01) than women of the same age without AA. AA was associated with elevated median prepregnancy/early pregnancy systolic blood pressure (P=0.01) in the total cohort, but as preeclampsia was strongly associated with this finding (P<0.01), this was likely caused by a large proportion of preeclamptic pregnancies in the AA group (62.7%). Our findings demonstrate that dyslipidemia associated with cardiovascular risk is a feature of uteroplacental AA in older women, not of AA in pregnancy in general.
Reproductive assessment: Findings from 20 years of the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study; Context: Reproductive domains of the Tehran lipid and glucose study (TLGS) are unique in that they provide reliable information on reproduction of an urban population of West Asia. The aim of this review is to present the most important reproductive findings of TLGS. Evidence Acquisition: This review is summarizing all articles published in the context of reproductive aspects of TLGS results over the 20-year follow-up. A comprehensive databases search was conducted in PubMed (including Medline), Web of Science and Scopus for retrieving articles on the reproductive histories in context of the TLGS. Results: The mean (SD) age at menarche and menopause was 13 (1.2) and 49.6 (4.5) years respectively. While pills were the most commonly used modern methods at the initiation of TLGS, the prevalence of condoms rose sharply and significantly over the follow up duration. Among women with history of gestational diabetes, the risk of diabetes and dyslipidemia progression were 2.44 and 1.2 fold higher than others. Prevalences of PCOS and idiopathic hirsutism among reproductive age participants of TLGS were 8.5% (95% CI: 6.8% - 10.2%) and 13.0% (95% CI: 10.9% - 15.1%), respectively. Trend of cardio-metabolic risk factors among women with PCOS showed that there were no statistically significant differences between mean changes of each cardio metabolic variables between PCOS and healthy women; PCOS status also significantly associated with increased hazard of diabetes and prediabetes among women aged younger than 40 years (HR: 4.9; 95% CI: 2.5 - 9.3, P value < 0.001)) and (HR: 1.7; 95% CI: 1.1 - 2.6), P value < 0.005), respectively. Conclusions: The population based nature of TLGS provides a unique opportunity for valid assessment of reproductive issues, the results of which could provide new information for modification of existing guidelines.
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes and childhood obesity; The hypothesis of fetal over-nutrition or fuel-mediated teratogenesis proposed in the 1950s by Pedersen postulates that intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia causes permanent changes in the fetus of a woman with diabetes in pregnancy, leading to malformations, macrosomia, and an increased risk of developing obesity and type 2 diabetes later in life. More recent data confirm that exposure to diabetes in utero has effects on offspring body size that are distinct from, or act in concert with, genetic susceptibility to obesity and the postnatal environment. There is also evidence that exposure to maternal diabetes represents the extreme of a distribution of altered maternal fuels to which the fetus is exposed in pregnancies complicated by obesity. If maternal obesity during pregnancy drives fuel-mediated teratogenesis, the public health consequences are enormous. Efforts that reduce obesity in women of reproductive age and prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy may not only decrease the risk of gestational diabetes in the mother, but will likely also reduce the risk of excess fetal growth, future obesity, and type 2 diabetes in the offspring.
Evaluation of the cesarean section rate and its reasons in shariati hospital of bandar abbas in 2015; Introduction: Cesarean is one of the most common surgeries in women. According to the World Health Organization announcement, the expected cesarean rate should be 10-15% of the births in various regions. The main purpose of cesarean is to protect mother and baby's health and is the best choice only in situation where there are some problems for the mother and baby. So, the objective of this study is to evaluate the cesarean rate and its reasons in Bandar Abbas. Methods: The present study is a cross-sectional one and the samples were collected from the cases who had given birth from April to August 2015 in Shariati Hospital of Bandar Abbas based on the research aims, available information in the file including age of mother, number of pregnancies and causes of cesarean delivery according written records by a doctor from 1875 files of the research samples and then data were analyzed by SPSS software and descriptive statistics. Results: According to the findings of this study, 52.1% of deliveries were performed by cesarean surgery. The most common cause for doing cesarean by a doctor was repeated (51.73%) and the other factors such as fetal distress, disproportion of fetal head to the mother's pelvis, abnormal presentation, the lack of progress in delivery and preeclampsia were placed in the next. Conclusion: Findings show that the frequency of cesarean had been high by the world standards in this city. Thus, considering the increasing rate of cesarean and its possible adverse consequences in mother and baby as well as its high cost, it seems that determining the common causes of cesarean can lead to develop solutions and strategies from the authorities to reduce the amount of unnecessary cesarean sections.
Pregnancy rates and outcomes in women with and without MS in the United States; Objective To compare pregnancy prevalence and complications in women with and without multiple sclerosis (MS). Methods This retrospective US administrative claims study used data from January 1, 2006, to June 30, 2015. All data for women with MS were included. A nationally representative 5% random sample from approximately 58 million women without MS was used to compute the dataset. Annual pregnancy rates, identified via diagnosis/procedure codes and adjusted for covariates, were estimated via logistic regression. Claims for pregnancy and labor/delivery complications were compared using propensity score matching. Results From 2006 to 2014, the adjusted proportion of women with MS and pregnancy increased from 7.91% to 9.47%; the adjusted proportion without MS and with pregnancy decreased from 8.83% to 7.75%. The difference in linear trend (0.17% increase and 0.15% decrease in per-annum pregnancy rates) was significant (t statistic = 7.8; p < 0.0001). After matching (n = 2,115 per group), a higher proportion of women with MS than without had claims for premature labor (31.4% vs 27.4%; p = 0.005), infection (13.3% vs 10.9%; p = 0.016), cardiovascular disease (3.0% vs 1.9%; p = 0.028), anemia/acquired coagulation disorders (2.5% vs 1.3%; p = 0.007), neurologic complications (1.6% vs 0.6%; p = 0.005), sexually transmitted diseases (0.4% vs 0.1%; p = 0.045), acquired fetal damage (27.8% vs 23.5%; p = 0.002), and congenital fetal malformations (13.2% vs 10.3%; p = 0.004). Conclusions Pregnancy rates in this population of women with MS have been increasing. High rates of claims for several peripartum complications were observed in women with and those without MS. Claims data provide knowledge of interactions patients have with the health care system and are valuable initial exploratory analyses.
Transient severe right ventricular hypertrophy of unknown aetiology in a neonate; Right ventricular hypertrophy is a rare pathology in newborns. Known aetiological factors of cardiac hypertrophy in neonates include hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, congenital heart disease, gestational diabetes, and premature closure of the ductus arteriosus. We present a clinical case of a term neonate diagnosed with a severe hypertrophy of the right ventricles with an undetermined cause, which disappeared within a five-week period.
Physiopathology, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Diabetes Insipidus; Diabetes insipidus (DI) is a clinical disorder characterized by an excessive hypotonic and diluted urine output. There are four main mechanisms involved in the pathophysiology of DI: (1) central DI (CDI), when the main alteration occurs in the hypothalamus or posterior pituitary and an insufficient amount of the antidiuretic hormone (ADH or AVP) is synthesized or released; (2) nephrogenic DI (NDI), when the kidney does not respond correctly to AVP; (3) transient DI of pregnancy, where an altered AVP metabolism occurs, presumably during a limited period of time; and (4) primary polydipsia, where the initial pathogenic mechanism is related to the intake of fluid, and not as much in its excretion. Consideration of the basic physiopathologic mechanisms involved in AVP regulation enables subsequent understanding of the potential diagnostic and treatment alternative tools for a patient with DI. In this chapter, we will thoroughly revise the different clinical settings of DI, and we will discuss the algorithms that need to be followed for a correct approach and management of patients with this syndrome.
The endocrine pancreas; The mammalian pancreas comprises an endocrine compartment, secreting hormones in the bloodstream, and an exocrine part, releasing digestive enzymes into the intestine. This chapter summarizes some of our current understanding of endocrine cells in the mammalian pancreas. These comprise α-cells secreting glucagon, β-cells secreting insulin, δ-cells secreting somatostatin, PP cells secreting pancreatic polypeptide, and ɛ-cells secreting ghrelin. Altogether these cells, organized in islets, and their hormones regulate blood glucose levels, glucose, lipid and protein metabolism, body weight, energy expenditure, food intake, and many other functions in peripheral tissues. Dysfunction or destruction of endocrine islets leads to diabetes mellitus and metabolic alteration of great medical importance. The main purpose of this chapter is to illustrate the pancreatic islet composition and cell function and the physiological role of the islet hormones. Moreover we aim to discuss the pathophysiology of diseases caused by abnormal secretion or activity of these hormones.
An in-vitro study of plasma protein binding of the local anaesthetic ropivacaine, in diabetic patients; Introduction: Patient factors such as extremes of age, heart disease, renal disease and pregnancy are known to affect the pharmacokinetics of ropivacaine1, and are potential risk factors for local anaesthetic toxicity. Binding of ropivacaine in pregnant and non- pregnant woman have been found to be similar with the possible exception of a subject known to have gestational diabetes2. Further, an animal model of protein binding in rats with drug induced gestational diabetes demonstrated significantly reduced alpha-1-acid glycoprotein drug binding capacity3. We performed an in-vitro study to investigate the binding of ropivacaine in the plasma of patients with type-2 diabetes. Methods: Venous blood was collected from ten diabetic patients with an average HBA1c of 8.4% (range 7.3 - 10.8), prior to their elective surgery, and immediately centrifuged. Within an atmosphere containing 6% CO2 to maintain physiologic pH, 500μg aliquots of plasma had ropivacaine added to obtain nominal total concentrations of 0.5, 1.0, 1.5, 2.0, 2.5, 3.0. 5.0, 7.5, 10, and 50μg/ml, and were incubated on a rotor at 37°C for 30 minutes. Total and free concentrations of ropivacaine were measured using gas chromatrograph-mass spectrometry. Results: Mean measured total ropivacaine concentrations at each level were within 6% of nominal with an acceptable coefficient of variation (<13%). Quality control measurements at 0.02, 0.04 and 0.06μg/ml were accurate to within 18%, 8% and 5% of the mean respectively, with a coefficient of variation <13.5%. The plasma from one subject was found to develop a markedly elevated free fraction of ropivacaine at each of the total concentrations measured. The mean free fraction in the plasma from the remaining 9 subjects at each respective concentration was 4.4%, 2.4%, 2.2%, 2.3%, 2.5%, 2.8%, 4.8%, 9.1%, 13.0% and 38.4% respectively. The free fractions using the 'aberrant' sample were 19%, 15.8%, 19.3%, 20.0% 22.6%, 21.5%, 30.3%, 30.3%, 36.8% and 48.6%. Figure 1 shows the mean of the unbound and total measured ropivacaine concentration using plasma from nine of the subjects (pooled data) compared to those in the aberrant sample. Conclusions: Plasma binding profiles of ropivacaine in blood from type-2 diabetics were similar to those found previously with healthy volunteers. Type-2 diabetic patients do not therefore appear to be at greater risk of ropivacaine toxicity due to reduced protein binding. The aberrant result we obtained using plasma from one subject might be spurious but this nevertheless warrants further investigation.
Cesarean delivery outcomes in obese obstetric patients: A retrospective cohort study in Oman; Objectives: Obesity (body mass index (BMI) > 30 kg/m2) is associated with increased risk of adverse obstetric outcomes. The objective of this study was to analyze the feto-maternal outcome in obese women (BMI > 30 kg/m2) undergoing cesarean delivery at Khoula Hospital. Methods: The delivery and operation theatre records for patients with BMI > 30, undergoing cesarean section in 2016 were retrieved from the Shifa system (Hospital Information Management System) in Khoula Hospital, Oman. Patient demographic variables (age, parity, BMI), antenatal, intra-operative, post-operative, and fetal outcomes were analyzed retrospectively. Results: Annual incidence of obesity in pregnant women in Khoula Hospital for 2016 was 34.13%. Of the 5 999 patients delivered, 1 115 (18.58%) had cesarean section. Of the women undergoing cesarean section, 54.6% were obese. Mean age was 33.1 years (95% confidence interval (CI): 32.6-33.5), gestation was 37 + weeks (95 % CI: 35-39), and BMI was 35.8 (95% CI: 35.3-36.3). Twenty percent of women had class III obesity. Women that are more obese underwent cesarean section as compared to women with normal BMI (25.3% vs 15.1%), risk difference 10.2% (95% CI: 8-12.430, p < 0.001 chi-square test). The relative risk of having cesarean section for obese women was RR : 1.678 (1.51-1.86), p < 0.001, odds ratio = 1.67 (1.47-1.90). Sixty-seven percent of patients had a previous cesarean scar. Most common indications for cesarean was previous two more caesarean section (48.4%) and fetal distress (22%). Surgical difficulty perceived by surgeons as well as difficult delivery correlated with increasing class of BMI. Reasons for operative difficulty included difficult delivery, angle extensions, and intraoperative atonic post-partum haemorrhage (5.2%). In the 535 babies analyzed, mean baby birth weight was 3145 gm ± 6381 gm (95 % CI: 3088-3203). The rate of fetal macrosomia was 8.3%. Babies required prolonged neonatal intensive care stay due to low birth weight, prematurity, transient tachypnea of newborn jaundice, and hypoglycemia were 10.6 %. Apgars was less than seven at five minutes in only three babies (0.56%) and congenital anomalies were seen in nine babies (1.6%). Conclusions: Obesity increased the risk of having cesarean section with increasing BMI being a predictive indicator for operative difficulty. Rate of non-fatal venous thrombo-embolism was low as compared to international standards (0.17% vs 1-2%). Although there was no correlation between fetal weight and maternal BMI, macrosomia (weight > 4 kg) increased with increasing class of obesity. Priority of healthcare resource allocation should emphasize on prevention of obesity and lifestyle modification.
Lymphocytic hypophysitis: A challenge to diagnose postpartum; Introduction: Hypernatremia during pregnancy is not commonly encountered. Additionally, differentiating between transient diabetes insipidus of pregnancy from central or nephrogenic diabetes insipidus during pregnancy poses additional dilemma. Moreover, lymphocytic hypophysitis as an etiologic disorder contributing to the hypernatremia is rare. Here, we report a complex case of lymphocytic hypophysis diagnosed postpartum. Case Description: A 32 year old, 37 weeks pregnant female underwent emergent cesarean section due to concerns for fetal compromise and acute fatty liver of pregnancy. Preoperative labs were notable for acute kidney injury (creatinine 3.3mg/dL), elevated liver enzymes (AST 259 U/L, ALT 536 U/L, TB 5.1 mg/dL), significant coagulopathy, and hypoglycemia. Her presenting sodium was 141 mmol/L which progressively increased and peaked to 156 mmol/L post operatively with 5 to 7L urine output daily. Per patient, for approximately 1.5 weeks prior to presentation, she had been experiencing significant polyuria and polydipsia. Urine osmolality was 137 mosm/kg. At first, her hypernatremia was attributed to transient gestational diabetes insipidus associated with pregnancy amplified by acute fatty liver of pregnancy, however further workup changed the diagnosis to central diabetes insipidus secondary to hypophysitis due to ACTH <5pg/mL, A.M. cortisol 0.8 ug/dL, FSH 0.3IU/L, LH <0.1IU/L, TSH 0.28uL/mL, and FT4 0.6ng/dL. Furthermore, MRI of the brain revealed absence of the normal pituitary bright spot, and thickened pituitary stalk. She was started on prednisone, ddavp, and levothyroxine and did well. Six months postpartum her MRI brain revealed resolution of the thickened pituitary stalk, reappearance of the pituitary bright spot, as well as a smaller pituitary gland. She still remains on oral desmopressin as well as levothyroxine supplementation. Discussion: Diagnosing lymphocytic hypophysitis in the postpartum period can be a challenge. Although rare, most cases occur in late pregnancy or in the postpartum period and one must keep this in the differential when evaluating a pregnant or postpartum woman with hypernatremia. Multidisciplinary team approach and expertise involving the endocrinologist, nephrologist, and obstetrician is important for quick diagnosis and for prompt treatment to avoid life threatening complications that could ensue.
Troponins, heat shock proteins and glycogen phosphorylase BB in umbilical cord blood of complicated pregnancies; Purpose of the study: Heat shock proteins (Hsp) are evolutionary conserved molecules with a chaperone role in cell survival. We hypothesized that cord blood concentrations of molecules reflecting fetal cardiac muscle insult, including Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and glycol-phosphorylase BB (GP-BB) would be elevated in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia (PIH) compared to healthy controls. Materials and methods: Pregnant women admitted for delivery at >28 weeks were divided into four groups: healthy patients delivered vaginally (VAG), healthy patients delivered by c-section (CS), patients with PIH, and patients with GDM. Demographics, clinical characteristics, and cord blood concentrations of Hsp, troponins cTnI and cTnT, and GP-BB were compared between groups. Statistical analyses included t-test, Chi square, and Wilcoxon rank sum as appropriate. Results: cTnI concentrations were significantly higher in the PIH group compared to the GDM and VAG groups and they were higher in the CS group compared to the VAG group. Concentrations of Hsp70 were higher in the GDM group compared to the VAG and CS groups. Concentration of GP-BB was higher in the PIH group compared to the VAG group. Conclusions: GP-BB and cTNI are the most sensitive markers for PIH-related fetal myocyte injury as is Hsp70 in pregnancies complicated by GDM.
The small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle ratio is associated with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy; Background: The lipoprotein subfraction particle profile can be used to improve clinical assessments of cardiovascular disease risk and contribute to early detection of atherogenic dyslipidemia. Lipid alterations in gestational diabetes have been extensively studied, but the results have been inconsistent. Here, we investigated serum lipoprotein subfraction particle levels and their association with glucose metabolic status in pregnancy. Methods: Twenty-eight pregnant women with gestational diabetes and 56 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance matched for body mass index were enrolled in this study. We assessed fasting serum lipid concentrations and lipoprotein subfraction particle levels in participants between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results: The level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol was significantly lower in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance, but the triglyceride and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels of the two groups were similar. Lipoprotein particle analysis showed that very-low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particle number and the small dense LDL particle/large buoyant LDL particle (sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P) ratio were significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes than in those with normal glucose tolerance (P = 0.013 and P = 0.015, respectively). In multivariate analysis, fasting glucose was independently and positively associated with sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio even after adjustment for maternal age, gestational weight gain, BMI and LDL cholesterol (standardized Beta = 0.214, P = 0.029). Conclusions: The sdLDL-P/lbLDL-P ratio is higher in GDM compared with non-diabetic pregnant women, and positively and independently associated with fasting glucose in pregnant women.
Glucose inhibits cardiac muscle maturation through nucleotide biosynthesis; The heart switches its energy substrate from glucose to fatty acids at birth, and maternal hyperglycemia is associated with congenital heart disease. However, little is known about how blood glucose impacts heart formation. Using a chemically defined human pluripotent stem- cell-derived cardiomyocyte differentiation system, we found that high glucose inhibits the maturation of cardiomyocytes at genetic, structural, metabolic, electrophysiological, and biomechanical levels by promoting nucleotide biosynthesis through the pentose phosphate pathway. Blood glucose level in embryos is stable in utero during normal pregnancy, but glucose uptake by fetal cardiac tissue is drastically reduced in late gestational stages. In a murine model of diabetic pregnancy, fetal hearts showed cardiomyopathy with increased mitotic activity and decreased maturity. These data suggest that high glucose suppresses cardiac maturation, providing a possible mechanistic basis for congenital heart disease in diabetic pregnancy.
Adverse intrauterine environment and cardiac miRNA expression; Placental insufficiency, high altitude pregnancies, maternal obesity/diabetes, maternal undernutrition and stress can result in a poor setting for growth of the developing fetus. These adverse intrauterine environments result in physiological changes to the developing heart that impact how the heart will function in postnatal life. The intrauterine environment plays a key role in the complex interplay between genes and the epigenetic mechanisms that regulate their expression. In this review we describe how an adverse intrauterine environment can influence the expression of miRNAs (a sub-set of non-coding RNAs) and how these changes may impact heart development. Potential consequences of altered miRNA expression in the fetal heart include; Hypoxia inducible factor (HIF) activation, dysregulation of angiogenesis, mitochondrial abnormalities and altered glucose and fatty acid transport/metabolism. It is important to understand how miRNAs are altered in these adverse environments to identify key pathways that can be targeted using miRNA mimics or inhibitors to condition an improved developmental response.
Diabetes and Anemia: International Diabetes Federation (IDF) – Southeast Asian Region (SEAR) position statement; Anemia is often associated with diabetes mellitus and is known to intensify the risk of developing diabetes-related microvascular and macrovascular complications. There is paucity in understanding of co-existence of these conditions, especially in Southeast Asian countries. Iron and/or erythropoietin deficiencies are the major causes of anemia in diabetes, and diabetic kidney disease plays a key role. Patients with diabetes need to be screened for anemia along with other risk factors and anemia should be corrected appropriately to improve overall clinical outcomes. This position statement aims to provide a comprehensive overview and an algorithm for appropriate management of anemia in patients with diabetes.
Gestational weight gain; Prenatal care providers are advised to evaluate maternal weight at each regularly scheduled prenatal visit, monitor progress toward meeting weight gain goals, and provide individualized counseling if significant deviations from a woman's goals occur. Today, nearly 50% of women exceed their weight gain goals with overweight and obese women having the highest prevalence of excessive weight gain. Risks of inadequate weight gain include low birthweight and failure to initiate breast-feeding whereas the risks of excessive weight gain include cesarean deliveries and postpartum weight retention for the mother and large-for-gestational-age infants, macrosomia, and childhood overweight or obesity for the offspring. Prenatal care providers have many resources and tools to incorporate weight and other health behavior counseling into routine prenatal practices. Because many women are motivated to improve health behaviors, pregnancy is often considered the optimal time to intervene for issues related to eating habits and physical activity to prevent excessive weight gain. Gestational weight gain is a potentially modifiable risk factor for a number of adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials report that diet or exercise interventions during pregnancy can help reduce excessive weight gain. However, health behavior interventions for gestational weight gain have not significantly improved other maternal and neonatal outcomes and have limited effectiveness in overweight and obese women.
Reproductive factors in relation to heart failure in women: A systematic review; Background The biological mechanisms underlying the sex-related differences in risk of heart failure are still not well understood. The aim of this review was to provide an overview of the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure in women. Methods A systematic review of the literature was conducted. PubMed and Embase databases were searched for publications on the following reproductive factors as potential risk factors for heart failure in women: age at menarche, duration and frequency of the menstrual cycle, reproductive lifespan, use of contraception, polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS), pregnancy characteristics (e.g. parity), pregnancy complications (e.g. preeclampsia), induced abortion, history of breastfeeding, fertility status, use of assisted reproductive methods, hysterectomy, age at menopause, and use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT). Results Twenty-one studies were eligible for inclusion. Hypertensive pregnancy disorders, preterm delivery or small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants, shorter reproductive duration, and early menopause were risk factors for heart failure in women. It was suggested that PCOS, fertility therapy, gestational diabetes, and age at first pregnancy were not related to risk of heart failure, but a potential relation cannot be fully excluded as most studies were not of sufficient quality. Conflicting results were found for the associations between risk of heart failure and hysterectomy, gravidity and parity, and HRT. Conclusion Although some reproductive factors were considered risk factors for heart failure in women, the results were mostly conflicting or inconclusive. Further research is needed to confirm and expand the current evidence on the association between reproductive factors and risk of heart failure.
Cardiovascular origins of preeclampsia; Purpose of review To review the current data on maternal cardiovascular adaptation in normal pregnancy and preeclampsia. Recent findings Defective placentation causes early-onset preeclampsia, a disease entity that is considered more or less distinct from late-onset preeclampsia. The latter has been attributed as 'maternal' preeclampsia. There are inconsistencies with the placental origins hypothesis, especially when considering the lack of a causative association with abnormal placental histology or impaired fetal growth. An alternative explanation is that placental dysfunction is secondary to maternal cardiovascular maladaptation in pregnancy. The concept that placental dysfunction is secondary to a maternal disorder is not new when one considers the clinical similarities between preeclampsia and gestational diabetes-both pregnancy-specific conditions that are cured by birth. It is accepted that gestational diabetes develops when the maternal pancreas is unable to manage the increasing glucose load of pregnancy. It is now apparent that pregnancy presents a substantial cardiovascular load on the maternal heart, and that cardiovascular dysfunction precedes the disorder, predominates in the clinical syndrome and persists for several decades postpartum. It is time to consider the evidence that failure of the maternal cardiovascular system to adapt to pregnancy may well be the primary mechanism leading to secondary placental dysfunction in preeclampsia. Summary Many of the existing paradoxes of preeclampsia challenge the placental origin hypothesis and are explained if one considered preeclampsia to be a cardiovascular syndrome.
Clinical Features and Outcomes of Acute Coronary Syndrome in Women With Previous Pregnancy Complications; Background Women with previous cardiometabolic complications of pregnancy experience double the risk of cardiovascular disease. However, few data exist on the clinical effect of these complications at the time of an acute coronary syndrome (ACS). The objective of this work was to compare risk factors, clinical features, and outcomes among women with premature ACS with or without previous pregnancy complications (gestational diabetes and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy). Methods Data were obtained from a multicentre cohort of individuals hospitalized with premature ACS. A total of 251 parous women were included and provided obstetric history and blood samples. They were followed for the development of major adverse cardiac events at 12 months. Results At presentation with ACS, women with a previous pregnancy complication (38%) were slightly younger than were women without such complications (47.4 ± 6.2 vs 49.1 ± 5.6 years; P = 0.002). They also had more traditional atherosclerotic risk factors. Specifically, women with previous preeclampsia were more likely to have chronic hypertension and an elevated ratio of soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase:placental growth factor. There was no between-group difference in Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events (GRACE) score or troponin tertile but there was a trend toward higher risk of ST-elevation myocardial infarction in women who had a previous pregnancy complication (odds ratio, 1.80; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-3.23; P = 0.05). There was also an increased risk of recurrent ACS at 12 months in women with previous preeclampsia (hazard ratio, 6.79; 95% confidence interval, 1.37-33.63; P = 0.02). Conclusions Among a cohort of women with ACS, previous pregnancy complications were associated with more severe disease and poorer outcome.
Adiposity, dysmetabolic traits, and earlier onset of female puberty in adolescent offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A clinical study within the Danish national birth cohort; Objective: Offspring of pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of the development of type 2 diabetes. However, the extent to which these dysmetabolic traits may be due to offspring and/or maternal adiposity is unknown. We examined body composition and associated cardiometabolic traits in 561 9- to 16-year-old offspring of mothers with GDM and 597 control offspring. Research Design and Methods: We measured anthropometric characteristics; puberty status; blood pressure; and fasting glucose, insulin, C-peptide, and lipid levels; and conducted a DEXA scan in a subset of the cohort. Differences in the outcomes between offspring of mothers with GDM and control subjects were examined using linear and logistic regression models. Results: After adjustment for age and sex, offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher weight, BMI, waist-to-hip ratio (WHR), systolic blood pressure, and resting heart rate and lower height. Offspring of mothers with GDM had higher total and abdominal fat percentages and lower muscle mass percentages, but these differences disappeared after correction for offspring BMI. The offspring of mothers with GDM displayed higher fasting plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptide, HOMA-insulin resistance (IR), and plasma triglyceride levels, whereas fasting plasma HDL cholesterol levels were decreased. Female offspring of mothers with GDM had an earlier onset of puberty than control offspring. Offspring of mothers with GDM had significantly higher BMI, WHR, fasting glucose, and HOMA-IR levels after adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI, and glucose and HOMA-IR remained elevated in the offspring of mothers with GDM after correction for both maternal and offspring BMIs. Conclusions: In summary, adolescent offspring of women with GDM show increased adiposity, an adverse cardiometabolic profile, and earlier onset of puberty among girls. Increased fasting glucose and HOMA-IR levels among the offspring of mothers with GDM may be explained by the programming effects of hyperglycemia in pregnancy.
Maternal and neonatal demographics of macrosomic infants admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit; Objective:The objective of this study is to determine the incidence, significance, associated demographics and impact of macrosomic infants (3/44 kg) admitted to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) on NICU census and resources.Study design:A retrospective cohort review was performed from 2010 to 2015. Descriptive statistical analyses were used.Results:Of 19 308 deliveries, 1823 were infants 3/44000 g and 213 were admitted to the NICU. Cesarean delivery occurred in 70% of the admitted infants, most (74.1%) were Grade 1 macrosomia and male (63%). Preterm birth occurred in 4%. The incidence of maternal diabetes was 25%. Primary admitting diagnoses were respiratory distress, suspected sepsis, hypoglycemia and perinatal depression. The average length of stay was 8±6 days for all macrosomic infants admitted, increased to 22±13 days for infants with Grade 3 macrosomia.Conclusion:Macrosomic infants are a growing population, who increase the demand on existing NICU resources. A larger multi-centered study is needed to determine the overall relevance of these findings in other populations.
Actualities on prediction and prevention of preeclampsia - Literature review; Preeclampsia is and remains an actual subject of obstetrics regarding the associated immediate high risk of morbidity and mortality for both mother and future risk for cardiovascular disease. Many different strategies to prevent preeclampsia have been studied, but none of the reported results presented a widely effectiveness, until now. Possibility of predicting preeclampsia would have a significant impact in decreasing the incidence of cases with tragic outcome related to this condition. For late-onset preeclampsia there is no prediction method at this time, in this context, the suitable approach is the diagnosis as early as possible in order of a better outcome. Lowdose aspirin (LDA) administrated in the first trimester to patients who are at increased risk for pre-eclampsia is the only drug that has proven benefits for reducing the frequency of this condition and associated adverse outcomes. In terms of prophylaxis with low molecular weight heparin in combination with LDA or as a single treatment, results are controversial, additional studies being required. We intend to summarize the latest proposals regarding the measures that can be taken to prevent maternal and fetal complications that may occur as a result of the development of preeclampsia, methods of early diagnosis and characteristics of atypical forms of preeclampsia.
Sleep Disorders in Pregnancy; Sleep and pregnancy are dynamic processes with unique and evolving physiological substrates. Given the restorative hypothesis of sleep as an anabolic process essential for cellular and tissue regeneration, the largely unexplored role of sleep in gestational physiology and pregnancy outcomes promises to be a fascinating topic. Emerging literature suggests that objectively measured or self-reported short sleep duration may be a risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension, and cesarean delivery. In this review, we discuss obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and restless legs syndrome (RLS), two sleep disorders prevalent in pregnancy. OSA is especially likely in high-risk pregnancy where it is associated with comorbid cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances. We review new data strongly suggesting that OSA is an independent risk factor for GDM and gestational hypertension. It remains to be seen if sleep disruption, whether or not in the context of gestational RLS and gestational OSA, is a modifiable factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Clinicians are encouraged to query sleep symptoms in pregnant women and to have a low threshold to pursue investigations for OSA, including the subjective symptoms of snoring, witnessed apneas, and daytime sleepiness, and also medical comorbidities, such as chronic hypertension.
Association of history of gestational diabetes with long-term cardiovascular disease risk in a large prospective cohort of US women; IMPORTANCE Previous studies identify gestational diabetes (GD) as a risk factor for intermediate markers of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk; however, few are prospective, evaluate hard CVD end points, or account for shared risk factors including body weight and lifestyle. OBJECTIVE To prospectively evaluate history of GD in relation to incident CVD risk. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS The Nurses' Health Study II (NHS II) is an observational cohort study of US female nurses established in 1989, with ongoing follow-up. Biennial questionnaires updated behavioral characteristics, health outcomes, and lifestyle factors. Multivariable Cox models estimated the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% CI for CVD risk.We included 89 479 women who reported at least 1 pregnancy and were free of CVD and cancer at baseline. Follow-up through May 31, 2015, was complete for more than 90% of eligible participants. EXPOSURES History of GD was self-reported at baseline (1989) via questionnaire and updated every 2 years. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES We observed 1161 incident self-reported nonfatal or fatal myocardial infarction or stroke, confirmed via medical records. RESULTS Participants had a mean (SD) age of 34.9 (4.7) years. Adjusting for age, prepregnancy body mass index, and other covariates, GD vs no GD was associated with subsequent CVD (HR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.81). Additional adjustment for weight gain since pregnancy and updated lifestyle factors attenuated the association (HR, 1.29; 95% CI, 1.01-1.65). Classifying GD by progression to T2D in relation to CVD risk indicated a positive association for GD with progression to T2D vs no GD or T2D (HR, 4.02; 95% CI, 1.94-8.31), and an attenuated relationship for GD only (HR, 1.30; 95% CI, 0.99-1.71). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Gestational diabetes was positively associated with CVD later in life, although the absolute rate of CVD in this younger cohort of predominantly white women was low. This relationship is possibly mediated in part by subsequent weight gain and lack of healthy lifestyle.
Antithrombotic management and perinatal outcome in women with multiple pregnancies and thrombophilia; Introduction: Multiple pregnancies occur either spontaneously or as results of assisted reproduction techniques. The presence of more than one fetus in the womb is associated with increased obstetric and perinatal risk. If additionally the mother has thrombophilia this risk could be higher. Objectives: (1) To provide a comprehensive follow-up of a selected group of patients with twin and triple pregnancy treated with LMWH for previous detected acquired thrombophilia. (2)To investigate their obstetric and perinatal outcomes. Design: retrospective cohort study. Material and Methods: Medical charts of women referred to the hematological surgery were reviewed. Actual reason of referral was a new pregnancy with antithrombotic management. A total of 18 women were admitted to the hematology surgery: 17 twins and 1 triple pregnancy. Age x 36 (28-44). No in-vitro fertilization (IVF): 3; with IVF 15 (oocyte donor 5; both gametes donor). Antiphospholipid antibodies (APLA) included: anticardiolipin and anti b2 Glycoprotein I Ig G and Ig M and lupus anticoagulant. Reasons for testing APLA: antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) n = 7 (with 3 or > recurrent abortions n = 4; fetal death n = 2; IUGR n = 1); incomplete APS (2 abortions) n = 4; occasional APLA (1 abortion and/or IVF implantation failure) n = 7. Treatment: enoxa-parin 40 mg/d (15); 60 mg/d (3) during whole pregnancy and post-partum for venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylaxis. Results: Early abortion n = 3; cesarean section n = 15; mean twins' newborn weight: 2, 322 g (1, 700-3, 200 g); triple (1, 750 g, 1, 350 g, 1, 350 g). Gestational diabetes: n = 3; preeclampsia n = 1 (triple gestation); premature membranes rupture (PMR) n = 2; IUGR n = 1. There are three ongoing pregnancies. Main outcome measure(S): Duration of neonatal admissions 3-28 days. No newborn death. All are actually alive. Other complications: viral infection n = 1; pneumothorax n = 1. Maternal complications: post-partum hemorrhage n = 1. Comments and Conclusions: This selected population of women with twin and triple gestations, most of them conceived following IVF treatment, were treated with prophylactic doses of enoxaparin because of the detection of APLA. All delivered by cesarean sections and there were few perinatal complications. IUGR was presented in women with APS and preterm delivery was associated with (PRM); only the triple pregnancy developed preeclampsia. No hem-orrhagic neither thrombotic complications were observed.
Subclinical cardiac performance in obese and overweight women as a potential risk factor of preeclampsia; Background: Obesity is one of known risk factor of preeclamsia (PE). It is postulated that the initiating phase of PE is characterized by placental hypoperfusion. Failure to increase cardiac output owing to suboptimal cardiac performance during pregnancy in obese women, may contribute to placental hypoperfusion and therefore contribute subsequently to the abnormal placental development and high uterine artery resistance. Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate the potential relationship between left ventricle (LV) function in overweight and obese pregnant women and parameters of blood flow in uterine arteries. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study, which included consecutive 85 women with singleton pregnancy-64 women with normal weight (NW group) (BMI <25 kg/m2, mean age 30.4 6 5 yrs) and 31 overweight and obese women (OO group)(BMI ≤27 kg/m2; mean age 29.9 6 5 yrs). The exclusion criteria were: any cardiovascular disease diagnosed before pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes or gestosis in previous pregnancy, chronic kidney disease, and multiple pregnancy. During pregnancy blood pressure, echocardiography and the assessment of blood flow in uterine arteries-pulsatility index (PI) and resistance index (RI) were assessed at two visits (V): V1 between 10 and 14 weeks and V2 between 25 and 30 weeks of gestation. Results: In OO group in comparison to NW group we observed higher diastolic (DBP), and mean arterial pressure (MAP), as well as systemic vascular resistance (SVR) at V1 (84 vs. 74 mmHg, p<0.001; 96 vs. 88 mmHg, p=0.001, 1622 vs. 1501 dyn's-cm-5, p=0.035; respectively) and at V2 (79 vs. 69 mmHg, p<0.001; 92 vs. 83 mmHg, p<0.001; 1498 vs. 1297 dyn's-cm-5, p=0.002; respectively). Traditional parameters of LV systolic function like ejection fraction, fractional shortening and cardiac output were similar in both groups at V1 and V2. The Tei index was higher in OO group at V2 (0.46 vs. 0.41; p=0.003) due to prolonged isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) (89 vs. 83 ms; p=0.046). What is more cardiac index (CI) was lower at both visits in OO group (V1: 2.4 vs. 2.7 l/min/m2; p<0.001 and V2: 2.7 vs. 2.9 l/min/m2, p=0.042, respectively). At the same time PI and RI were higher in OO group at V2 (0.71 vs. 0.56, p<0.001; 0.46 vs. 0.39, p=0.005; respectively). We found a negative correlation between RI measured at V2 and CI at V1 (r=-0.284, 0=0.018). Conclusions: Subclinical left ventricle dysfunction in obese and overweight women may contribute to placental hypoperfusion and higher resistance in uterine arteries. This may lead in some women to preeclampsia.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac structure and function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with increased risk of fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality due to structural or functional heart abnormalities. Aim. To compare cardiac structure and function in 30 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers between 22 and 34 weeks of gestation (Group 1) vs. 30 fetuses of nondiabetic mothers with the same gestational age (Group 2). Methods. Cardiac wall thickness were evaluated through fetal echocardiography (M-mode) on a mid-ventricular short-axis plane at end-diastole (inter-ventricular septum [IVS], left ventricular posterior wall [LVPW] and right ventricular anterior wall [RVAW]). Global systolic function was expressed as fractional shortening (FS) and ejection fraction (EF); systolic longitudinal function was calculated by TDI and expressed as S' wave velocity of medial and lateral mitral annulus (IVSs' and LVs') and lateral tricuspid annulus (RVs'). Diastolic function was assessed by PW Doppler derived E/A ratios of both atrioventricular valves, and also using TDI-derived e'/a' ratio and E/e' ratio of left and right heart. Global myocardial performance index (MPI of right and left heart) was calculated with both PW Doppler (rMPI and lMPI) and with TDI (rMPI' and lMPI'). RESULTS: There were no significant differences between groups in terms of systolic function (FS, FE, RVs', LVs', IVSs'); the significant results are shown in the table. CONCLUSIONS: Gestational Diabetes mellitus is likely to affect cardiac wall thickness and diastolic function even in the early phase of pregnancy. Some echocardiographic functional parameters, particularly left and right E/A ratio and MPI could be useful to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy (Table presented).
The association between inadequate prenatal care and future healthcare use among offspring in the Bedouin population; Objective: To evaluate the impact of inadequate prenatal care on long-term morbidity among the offspring of an ethnic minority population. Methods: A retrospective population-based cohort analysis was performed among all Bedouin women with singleton pregnancies who delivered in a tertiary medical center in Israel between January 1, 1991, and January 1, 2014. Morbidity was defined as pediatric hospitalization across six distinct disease categories before 18 years of age. The cumulative morbidity rates were compared for offspring born following pregnancies with either inadequate (<3 visits to prenatal care facility) or adequate prenatal care. RESULTS: Overall, 127 396 neonates were included; 19 173 (15.0%) were born following inadequate prenatal care. Pediatric hospitalizations for all morbidities other than cardiovascular ones were less frequent among the inadequate prenatal care group than the adequate prenatal care group (P<0.05). Survival curves demonstrated a lowered cumulative incidence for all morbidities in the inadequate prenatal care group, with the exception of cardiovascular disease. Conclusion: Inadequate prenatal care correlated with reduced pediatric hospitalization rates among offspring, possibly owing to a lack of child healthcare service utilization within the Bedouin population.
Use and importance of nonhuman primates in metabolic disease research: Current state of the field; Obesity and its multiple metabolic sequelae, including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and fatty liver disease, are becoming increasingly widespread in both the developed and developing world. There is an urgent need to identify new approaches for the prevention and treatment of these costly and prevalent metabolic conditions. Accomplishing this will require the use of appropriate animal models for preclinical and translational investigations in metabolic disease research. Although studies in rodent models are often useful for target/pathway identification and testing hypotheses, there are important differences in metabolic physiology between rodents and primates, and experimental findings in rodent models have often failed to be successfully translated into new, clinically useful therapeutic modalities in humans. Nonhuman primates represent a valuable and physiologically relevant model that serve as a critical translational bridge between basic studies performed in rodent models and clinical studies in humans. The purpose of this review is to evaluate the evidence, including a number of specific examples, in support of the use of nonhuman primate models in metabolic disease research, as well as some of the disadvantages and limitations involved in the use of nonhuman primates. The evidence taken as a whole indicates that nonhuman primates are and will remain an indispensable resource for evaluating the efficacy and safety of novel therapeutic strategies targeting clinically important metabolic diseases, including dyslipidemia and atherosclerosis, type 2 diabetes, hepatic steatosis, steatohepatitis, and hepatic fibrosis, and potentially the cognitive decline and dementia associated with metabolic dysfunction, prior to taking these therapies into clinical trials in humans.
Is fibroblast growth factor 23 a new cardiovascular risk marker in gestational diabetes?; OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to compare the serum levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) among patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women, and to evaluate the association between hormonal and metabolic parameters.
Perinatal outcomes in women with systemic lupus erythematosus; so for 10 years retrospective review of their clinical and perinatal outcomes is reported. Methods 15 cases of births in 13 peoples who had diagnosed to SLE during pregnancy were investigated between 2006 and 2016. 11 cases of women with SLE and their neonate were enrolled finally. Maternal obstetric characteristics, maternal complication, laboratory findings, and perinatal outcomes were investigated and compared their incidence, obstetric complication and neonatal outcomes. Results The incidence of women with SLE is 17/10,000 pregnancy during study period. (general population 14.650.8 cases per 100,000//the incidence of SLE during the child baring age being 1/500). There were 11 live births, 5 were premature, 5 had suffered intrauterine growth restriction and 2 had congenital heart block. Preeclampsia(2), gestational diabetes(2)thrombocytopenia (1), and pulmonary edema(1)had revealed to maternal complications. 50% of women with SLE had Anti Ro/SSA positive and two cases of congenital complete heart block in neonates were identified in positive the Anti Ro/SSA antibody patients. One of them required permanent pacemaker placement. And the other was dead in 24hr after delivery because of RDS. Conclusion Closed prenatal monitoring in fetus with arrhythmia by ultrasonography in women with SLE should be need and multidisciplinary approach with obstetrician, neonatologist, neonatal cardiologist and rheumatologist might be improved clinical outcomes both mother and infant.
Development and validation of QDiabetes-2018 risk prediction algorithm to estimate future risk of type 2 diabetes: cohort study; Objectives To derive and validate updated QDiabetes-2018 prediction algorithms to estimate the 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes in men and women, taking account of potential new risk factors, and to compare their performance with current approaches.Design Prospective open cohort study.Setting Routinely collected data from 1457 general practices in England contributing to the QResearch database: 1094 were used to develop the scores and a separate set of 363 were used to validate the scores.Participants 11.5 million people aged 25-84 and free of diabetes at baseline: 8.87 million in the derivation cohort and 2.63 million in the validation cohort.Methods Cox proportional hazards models were used in the derivation cohort to derive separate risk equations in men and women for evaluation at 10 years. Risk factors considered included those already in QDiabetes (age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids) and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, gestational diabetes, and polycystic ovary syndrome. Additional models included fasting blood glucose and glycated haemoglobin (HBA1c). Measures of calibration and discrimination were determined in the validation cohort for men and women separately and for individual subgroups by age group, ethnicity, and baseline disease status.Main outcome measure Incident type 2 diabetes recorded on the general practice record.Results In the derivation cohort, 178 314 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified during follow-up arising from 42.72 million person years of observation. In the validation cohort, 62 326 incident cases of type 2 diabetes were identified from 14.32 million person years of observation. All new risk factors considered met our model inclusion criteria. Model A included age, ethnicity, deprivation, body mass index, smoking, family history of diabetes in a first degree relative, cardiovascular disease, treated hypertension, and regular use of corticosteroids, and new risk factors: atypical antipsychotics, statins, schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder, learning disability, and gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome in women. Model B included the same variables as model A plus fasting blood glucose. Model C included HBA1c instead of fasting blood glucose. All three models had good calibration and high levels of explained variation and discrimination. In women, model B explained 63.3% of the variation in time to diagnosis of type 2 diabetes (R2), the D statistic was 2.69 and the Harrell's C statistic value was 0.89. The corresponding values for men were 58.4%, 2.42, and 0.87. Model B also had the highest sensitivity compared with current recommended practice in the National Health Service based on bands of either fasting blood glucose or HBA1c. However, only 16% of patients had complete data for blood glucose measurements, smoking, and body mass index.Conclusions Three updated QDiabetes risk models to quantify the absolute risk of type 2 diabetes were developed and validated: model A does not require a blood test and can be used to identify patients for fasting blood glucose (model B) or HBA1c (model C) testing. Model B had the best performance for predicting 10 year risk of type 2 diabetes to identify those who need interventions and more intensive follow-up, improving on current approaches. Additional external validation of models B and C in datasets with more completely collected data on blood glucose would be valuable before the models are used in clinical practice.
Arterial stiffness in fertile women with metabolic syndrome; Introduction: Although metabolic syndrome (MetS) is evidently associated with the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), recently its use has been questioned. We studied the utility of MetS diagnosis when estimating individual CVD risk. Methods: We compared 27 fertile women with MetS and 27 counterparts without the syndrome, matched pairwise according to well-known risk factors of CVD. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) and central blood pressure (cBP) were determined noninvasively via a SphygmoCor device. Arterial compliance was measured noninvasively with an HDI/PulseWaveTMCR-2000 arterial tonometer. Results: PWV (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 6.5 ± 1.1 m/s, p =.037), and both systolic (120.9 ± 12.2 versus 111.5 ± 16.0 mmHg, p =.031) and diastolic cBP (81.3 ± 8.5 versus 74.1 ± 11.2 mmHg, p =.035) were higher in the MetS group. Systemic arterial compliance values were lower in both large (15.1 ± 8.0 versus 16.1 ± 4.4 mL/mmHg × 10, p =.034) and small arteries (7.1 ± 2.5 versus 9.3 ± 3.2 mL/mmHg ×100, p =.010) in women with MetS. Conclusions: Fertile women with MetS had increased arterial stiffness, as measured by three different methods. Our results highlight the utility of MetS when revealing increased individual CVD risks in fertile-aged women.Key messages Women with MetS have increased arterial stiffness when measured by different methods. MetS is a useful clinical tool to assess increased cardiovascular risk, particularly among fertile-aged women.
Conjoint Associations of Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension with Diabetes, Hypertension, and Cardiovascular Disease in Parents: A Retrospective Cohort Study; The conjoint association of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational hypertension (GH) with cardiometabolic disease has not been well studied. We evaluated a combined GDM/GH risk indicator in both mothers and fathers because of shared spousal behaviors and environments. In the present population-based retrospective cohort study, GH was identified in matched pairs of mothers with GDM or without GDM (matched on age group, health region, and year of delivery) who had singleton live births in Quebec, Canada (1990-2007). A total of 64,232 couples were categorized based on GDM/GH status (neither, either, or both). Associations with diabetes, hypertension, and a composite of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and mortality were evaluated using Cox proportional hazard models (from 12 weeks postpartum to March 2012). Compared with having neither GDM nor GH, having either was associated with incident diabetes (hazard ratio (HR) = 14.7, 95% confidence interval (CI): 12.9, 16.6), hypertension (HR = 1.9, 95% CI: 1.8, 2.0), and CVD/mortality (HR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.7). We found associations of greater magnitude among participants who had both (for diabetes, HR = 36.9, 95% CI: 26.0, 52.3; for hypertension, HR = 5.7, 95% CI: 4.9, 6.7; and for CVD/mortality, HR = 2.4, 95% CI: 1.6, 3.5). Associations with diabetes were also observed in fathers (for either, HR = 1.2, 95% CI: 1.1, 1.3; for both, HR = 1.8, 95% CI: 1.4, 2.3). In conclusion, we found associations of a combined GDM/GH indicator with cardiometabolic disease in mothers and with diabetes in fathers, with stronger associations when both GDM and GH were present.
Invited Commentary: Gestational Hypertension and Diabetes-A Major Public Health Concern; The obesity epidemic in the United States and other countries has contributed to an increase in the rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension. In the past, it was thought that most cases of gestational diabetes and hypertension would resolve after completion of pregnancy. In this issue of the Journal, Pace et al. (Am J Epidemiol. 2017;186(10):1115-1124) clearly documented that both gestational diabetes and hypertension lead to diabetes and hypertension and that the combination of both during pregnancy leads to very high rates of subsequent diabetes and hypertension. A new generation of epidemiology studies using the evolving new technologies and genetics (host susceptibility studies) are needed to improve our understanding of the etiology of gestational diabetes and hypertension. Early identification of women at risk of gestational diabetes and hypertension, better treatment during pregnancy, and preventive and clinical therapies for treatment of diabetes and hypertension after pregnancy are very important for improving women's health and reducing risk of cardiovascular disease later in life.
From sea to shining sea and the great plains to patagonia: A review on current knowledge of diabetes mellitus in hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America; The past two decades have witnessed many advances in the prevention, treatment, and control of diabetes mellitus (DM) and its complications. Increased screening has led to a greater recognition of type 2 diabetes mellitus (type 2 DM) and prediabetes; however, Hispanics/Latinos, the largest minority group in the US, have not fully benefited from these advances. The Hispanic/Latino population is highly diverse in ancestries, birth places, cultures, languages, and socioeconomic backgrounds, and it populates most of the Western Hemisphere. In the US, the prevalence of DM varies among Hispanic/Latino heritage groups, being higher among Mexicans, Puerto Ricans, and Dominicans, and lower among South Americans. The risk and prevalence of diabetes among Hispanics/Latinos are significantly higher than in non-Hispanic Whites, and nearly 40% of Hispanics/Latinos with diabetes have not been formally diagnosed. Despite these striking facts, the representation of Hispanics/Latinos in pharmacological and non-pharmacological clinical trials has been suboptimal, while the prevalence of diabetes in these populations continues to rise. This review will focus on the epidemiology, etiology and prevention of type 2 DM in populations of Latin American origin. We will set the stage by defining the terms Hispanic, Latino, and Latin American, explaining the challenges identifying Hispanics/Latinos in the scientific literature and databases, describing the epidemiology of diabetes-including type 2 DM and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-and cardiovascular risk factors in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America, and discussing trends, and commonalities and differences across studies and populations, including methodology to ascertain diabetes. We will discuss studies on mechanisms of disease, and research on prevention of type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos, including women with GDM, youth and adults; and finalize with a discussion on lessons learned and opportunities to enhance research, and, consequently, clinical care oriented toward preventing type 2 DM in Hispanics/Latinos in the US and Latin America.
Prediction of uncomplicated pregnancies in obese women: A prospective multicentre study; Background: All obese pregnant women are considered at equal high risk with respect to complications in pregnancy and birth, and are commonly managed through resource-intensive care pathways. However, the identification of maternal characteristics associated with normal pregnancy outcomes could assist in the management of these pregnancies. The present study aims to identify the factors associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth in obese women, and to assess their predictive performance. Methods: Data form obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) with singleton pregnancies included in the UPBEAT trial were used in this analysis. Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify sociodemographic, clinical and biochemical factors at 15+0 to 18+6 weeks' gestation associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth, defined as delivery of a term live-born infant without antenatal or labour complications. Predictive performance was assessed using area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC). Internal validation and calibration were also performed. Women were divided into fifths of risk and pregnancy outcomes were compared between groups. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were calculated using the upper fifth as the positive screening group. Results: Amongst 1409 participants (BMI 36.4, SD 4.8 kg/m2), the prevalence of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth was 36% (505/1409). Multiparity and increased plasma adiponectin, maternal age, systolic blood pressure and HbA1c were independently associated with uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. These factors achieved an AUROC of 0.72 (0.68-0.76) and the model was well calibrated. Prevalence of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and other hypertensive disorders, preterm birth, and postpartum haemorrhage decreased whereas spontaneous vaginal delivery increased across the fifths of increasing predicted risk of uncomplicated pregnancy and birth. Sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values were 38%, 89%, 63% and 74%, respectively. A simpler model including clinical factors only (no biomarkers) achieved an AUROC of 0.68 (0.65-0.71), with sensitivity, specificity, and positive and negative predictive values of 31%, 86%, 56% and 69%, respectively. Conclusion: Clinical factors and biomarkers can be used to help stratify pregnancy and delivery risk amongst obese pregnant women. Further studies are needed to explore alternative pathways of care for obese women demonstrating different risk profiles for uncomplicated pregnancy and birth.
An algorithm for the management of coagulopathy from postpartum hemorrhage, using fibrinogen concentrate as first-line therapy; Background We constructed an algorithm for the management of coagulopathy from massive postpartum hemorrhage. Fibrinogen concentrate was administered preferentially, and the dose of both fibrinogen concentrate and fresh frozen plasma given was determined by the plasma fibrinogen concentration and prothrombin time. The efficacy of the algorithm and the amount of fibrinogen concentrate and fresh frozen plasma transfused were determined. Methods The study was conducted in a single teaching perinatal center. Nineteen patients were included between April 2011 and March 2014 (patient group). For a historical comparison group, we retrospectively analyzed the records of 19 patients who had been treated for coagulopathy from massive postpartum hemorrhage between April 2006 and March 2011 (control group). Results Blood loss was significantly lower in the patient group. No adverse events were associated with this management in either group. The dose of fibrinogen concentrate administered was significantly higher and that of fresh frozen plasma administered was significantly lower in the patient group. Conclusion This algorithm appeared to help reduce blood loss and the total amount of fresh frozen plasma transfused when treating coagulopathy from postpartum hemorrhage, and may represent another strategy for achieving hemostasis in this setting.
Adverse drug reactions in high-risk pregnant women: A prospective study; Background Because pregnant women are often excluded from clinical trials, there is still very limited information about the risk and safety of prescription drugs during pregnancy. Objective We aimed to determine the prevalence of Adverse Drug Reactions (ADRs) in high-risk pregnant women after hospital admission. A prospective study was carried out in a teaching maternity hospital in Brazil during six months. Causality of ADRs was assessed through the Naranjo Algorithm and Korean Algorithm for ADR Causality Assessment. Severity of ADRs was assessed using Hartwig's Severity Assessment Scale. Results The prevalence of ADRs among the 294 inpatients studied was 8.8%. The mean age was 27.14 (±7.5) y.o. Patient's age was related to the presence of ADRs, while the manifestation of these events was not associated with any adverse pregnancy outcome. 75.9% of the ADRs reported in the study were of mild severity and 24.1% were of moderate severity. No ADR was caused by drug-drug interaction; however, a significant increase in blood pressure was observed in all patients using concurrent methyldopa and ferrous sulfate. Conclusion Overall, ADRs were not common events among high-risk pregnant women and no adverse pregnancy outcomes following these events were observed.
Fetal programming as a predictor of adult health or disease: the need to reevaluate fetal heart function; Epidemiologic and experimental evidence suggests that adverse stimuli during critical periods in utero permanently alters organ structure and function and may have persistent consequences for the long-term health of the offspring. Fetal hypoxia, maternal malnutrition, or ventricular overloading are among the major adverse conditions that can compromise cardiovascular development in early life. With the heart as a central organ in fetal adaptive mechanisms, a deeper understanding of the fetal cardiovascular physiology and of the echocardiographic tools to assess both normal and stressed pregnancies would give precious information on fetal well-being and hopefully may help in early identification of special risk groups for cardiovascular diseases later in life. Assessment of cardiac function in the fetus represents an additional challenge when comparing to children and adults, requiring advanced training and a critical approach to properly acquire and interpret functional parameters. This review summarizes the basic fetal cardiovascular physiology and the main differences from the mature postnatal circulation, provides an overview of the particularities of echocardiographic evaluation in the fetus, and finally proposes an integrated view of in utero programming of cardiovascular diseases later in life, highlighting priorities for future clinical research.
Ethical and medical management of a pregnant woman with brain stem death resulting in delivery of a healthy child and organ donation; Maternal brain death during pregnancy remains an exceedingly complex situation that requires not only a well-considered medical management plan, but also careful decision-making in a legally and ethically delicate situation. Management of brain dead pregnant patients needs to adhere to special strategies that support the mother in a way that she can deliver a viable and healthy child. Brain death in pregnant women is very rare, with only a few published cases. We present a case of a pregnant woman with previously diagnosed multiple brain cavernomas that led to intracranial hemorrhage and brain stem death during the 21st week of pregnancy. The condition that can be proven unequivocally, using tests that do not endanger viability of the fetus, is brain stem death, diagnosed through absence of cranial reflexes. The patient was successfully treated until delivery of a healthy female child at 29 weeks of gestation. The patient received continuous hormone substitution therapy, fetal monitoring and extrinsic regulation of maternal homeostasis over 64 days. After delivery, the final diagnosis of brain death was established through multi-slice computerized tomography pan-angiography. This challenging case discusses ethical and medical circumstances arising from a diagnosis of maternal brain death, while showing that prolongation of somatic life support in a multidisciplinary setting can result in a successful pregnancy outcome.
Should we screen for type 2 diabetes among asymptomatic individuals? Yes; RCTs of whether screening asymptomatic individuals for undiagnosed diabetes results in reduced mortality or has other benefits have been suggestive, but inconclusive. In this issue of Diabetologia, two additional controlled studies (DOIs: 10.1007/s00125-017-4323-2 and 10.1007/s00125-017-4299-y) that investigated whether screening for type 2 diabetes in asymptomatic individuals is associated with a reduction in mortality are presented. Treating diabetes early, and identifying and treating impaired glucose tolerance, are of benefit, and economic modelling indicates such screening is cost-effective. Now that such screening is already underway in many countries, new data, along with the existing evidence, suggests opportunistic screening is the best way forward. More research is needed, however, on how best to screen and how to improve risk-factor control once dysglycaemia is detected.
Epigenetic programming, early life nutrition and the risk of metabolic disease; Time separates the past from the present, during this period memory are formed - written in code and decoded to be read while other memories are erased - but when it comes to the epigenome some memories are harder to forget than others. Recent studies show chemical information is written in the context of the epigenome and codified on histone and non-histone proteins to regulate nuclear processes such as gene transcription. The genome is also subject to modification in the form of 5-methylcytosine, which has been implicated in metabolic memory. In this review, we examine some of the chemical modifications that signal early life events and explore epigenetic changes that underlie the diabetic vasculature. The fine balance between past and present is discussed, as it pertains to gestational diabetes and obesity in context to the Barker hypothesis. We also examine emerging experimental evidence suggesting the hypothalamus as a central regulator of obesity risk and explore current genomic medicine. As for how cells recall specific chemical information, we examine the experimental evidence implicating chemical cues on the epigenome, providing examples of diet during pregnancy and the increased risk of disease in offspring.
Gestational diabetes alters the fetal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test: a fetal magnetocardiography study; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesise that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Design: We measured heart rate variability (HRV) of mothers and fetuses during a three-point OGTT using fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG). Setting: Measurements were performed in the fMEG Centre in Tübingen. Population: After exclusion of 23 participants, 13 pregnant women with GDM and 36 pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance were examined. Methods: All women underwent the same examination setting with OGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. Main outcome measure(s): Parameters of heart rate variability were measured. Results: Compared with mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM differed from those in the metabolically healthy group regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (P = 0.012), low-frequency band (P = 0.008) and high-frequency band (P = 0.031). These HRV parameters exhibit a decrease only in GDM fetuses during the second hour of the OGTT. Conclusions: These results show an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM-complicated pregnancies. Hence, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system. Tweetable abstract: Metabolic stress reveals a different response of fetal autonomic nervous system in GDM-complicated pregnancies.
CXC chemokine ligand 16 is increased in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia and associated with lipoproteins in gestational diabetes mellitus at 5 years follow-up; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to evaluate the association between CXC chemokine ligand 16 and indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia and systemic inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. Methods: This sub-study of the population-based prospective cohort included 310 women. Oral glucose tolerance test was performed during pregnancy and 5 years later along with lipid analysis. CXC chemokine ligand 16 was measured in plasma (protein) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells (messenger RNA) during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: Circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 was higher in gestational diabetes mellitus women early in pregnancy and at follow-up, while higher in preeclampsia women late in pregnancy compared to control women. Messenger RNA of CXC chemokine ligand 16 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were lower in gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia women compared to control women. Increased circulating CXC chemokine ligand 16 level was associated with a higher apolipoprotein B and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in gestational diabetes mellitus women but not in normal pregnancy at follow-up. Conclusion: Our study shows that women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia had a dysregulated CXC chemokine ligand 16 during pregnancy, and in gestational diabetes mellitus, the increase in CXC chemokine ligand 16 early in pregnancy and after 5 years was strongly associated with their lipid profile.
Fetomaternal outcome in medically indicated induction of labour at term gestation; Introduction: The medical induction of labour at term gestation has always been controversial and is based on conflicting evidences. Aim: To determine the fetomaternal outcome of medical induction of labour at term gestation. Materials and Methods: It was a retrospective observational study and manual and electronic data were retrieved from a tertiary care centre of Southern India. All women after 37th week of gestation with single live fetus in cephalic presentation with a Bishop score <6 and a reactive non-stress test having medical indications were induced with medical method. The primary outcome measures included number of women who went into spontaneous labour, incidence of failed induction, induction delivery interval and modes of delivery. Results: A total of 602 patients were included in this study. The mean age, gravida and parity were 25.24±4, 1.4±0.6 and 1.45±0.84 respectively. Oligohydramnios was the commonest indication 174(28.9%) for labour induction, followed by diabetes 119(19.8%) and Premature Rupture Of Membrane (PROM) at term 77(12. 8%). Normal vaginal delivery was achieved in 406 (67.4%) of women. LSCS (lower segment caesarean section) was performed in 140(23.3%) of patients, while 56(9.3%) patient required instrumentation. The incidence of LSCS in oligohydramnios, gestational hypertension and diabetes was 40(23%), 16(23.1%) and 26 (21.8%) respectively. Furthermore, the fetomaternal outcomes were similar irrespective of gravidity and gestational age. Conclusion: Medical methods of induction are safe and reliable and also do not increase the risk of foetal and maternal complications. Induction of labour for medical indication in term pregnancy does not increase the risk of caesarean delivery and adverse foetal and neonatal outcomes.
Breastfeeding and maternal cardiovascular risk factors and outcomes: A systematic review; Background: There is growing evidence that breastfeeding has short- and long-term cardiovascular health benefits for mothers. The objectives of this systematic review were to examine the association between breastfeeding and maternal cardiovascular risk factors and outcomes that have not previously been synthesized systematically, including metabolic syndrome, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. Methods and findings: This systematic review meets PRISMA guidelines. The MEDLINE, EMBASE and CINAHL databases were systematically searched for relevant publications of any study design from the earliest publication date to March 2016. The reference lists from selected articles were reviewed, and forward and backward referencing were conducted. The methodological quality of reviewed articles was appraised using validated checklists. Twenty-one studies meeting the inclusion criteria examined the association between self-reported breastfeeding and one or more of the following outcomes: metabolic syndrome/ metabolic risk factors (n = 10), inflammatory markers/adipokines (n = 2), hypertension (n = 7), subclinical cardiovascular disease (n = 2), prevalence/incidence of cardiovascular disease (n = 3) and cardiovascular disease mortality (n = 2). Overall, 19 studies (10 cross-sectional/retrospective, 9 prospective) reported significant protective effects of breastfeeding, nine studies (3 cross-sectional/retrospective, 5 prospective, 1 cluster randomized controlled trial) reported non-significant findings and none reported detrimental effects of breastfeeding. In most studies reporting significant associations, breastfeeding remained associated with both short- and long-term maternal cardiovascular health risk factors/outcomes, even after covariate adjustment. Findings from several studies suggested that the effects of breastfeeding may diminish with age and a dose-response association between breastfeeding and several metabolic risk factors. However, further longitudinal studies, including studies that measure exclusive breastfeeding, are needed to confirm these findings. Conclusions: The evidence from this review suggests that breastfeeding is associated with cardiovascular health benefits. However, results should be interpreted with caution as the evidence gathered for each individual outcome was limited by the small number of observational studies. Additional prospective studies are needed. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42016047766.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes are associated with reduced coronary flow reserve in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary disease; Introduction: Adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) are associated with increased risk for future adverse cardiovascular events. Abnormalities in vascular function may play a role. Whether a history of APOs and coronary microvascular dysfunction (CMD) are associated is unknown. We assessed history of APOs and CMD in the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation - Coronary Vascular Dysfunction (WISE-CVD) cohort of women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD). We hypothesized that women with a history of APOs would later develop signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD associated with CMD by either invasive or non-invasive testing. Methods: WISE-CVD subjects who underwent invasive coronary flow reserve (CFR) testing and/or cardiac magnetic resonance imaging with assessment of myocardial perfusion reserve index were evaluated (n=324). Relationships between history of any APO and CMD by invasive or non-invasive testing were assessed by multivariable logistic regression analyses. APOs included any of the following: Hypertension during pregnancy, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes, or intra-uterine growth restriction (low-birth-weight child). Results: Overall, 79/324 (24%) women reported at least one APO. Women with APOs were younger (52 years vs 56 years, p = 0.001) and more likely obese (BMI 32 kg/m vs 29 kg/m , p = 0.004) but otherwise had no additional differences in cardiac risk variables vs women without APOs. Among the subgroup who underwent invasive CFR testing (n=185), those with an APO had lower CFR (2.53 vs 2.76, p = 0.016) vs those without APO. There were no differences in myocardial perfusion findings between APO and non-APO groups. Conclusion: History of APOs in women with signs and symptoms of ischemia without obstructive CAD is associated with lower CFR indicative of CMD. These findings suggest that APO and CMD may be linked by a common pathway and support the need for additional data to address this knowledge gap.
Risk factors for type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes: A population-based cohort study; Background Gestational diabetes affects 4% of UK pregnancies, and women affected are estimated to be seven times as likely as those without the disorder to develop subsequent type 2 diabetes. We aimed to determine incidence of and risk factors for type 2 diabetes after a pregnancy affected by gestational diabetes. Methods This longitudinal population-based cohort made use of the Hampshire Health Record, a health-care database covering around 1·2 million residents in Hampshire, UK. All women diagnosed with gestational diabetes between Sept 30, 2007, and Sept 30, 2015, were identified. If women had multiple pregnancies affected by gestational diabetes during the study period, only the first pregnancy was included. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression modelling was used to assess clinically significant risk factors, based on previous evidence, that were available in the dataset including body-mass index (BMI) before pregnancy, ethnicity, family history of diabetes, treatment type for gestational diabetes, age (at time of diagnosis), area deprivation level, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, cardiovascular disease, and a history of gestational diabetes. Diagnoses of type 2 diabetes during the study period were used to calculate incidence of type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. Findings 3033 women with gestational diabetes were identified. 171 of 2654 women who were tested for type 2 diabetes during the study period (6·4%, 95% CI 5·5-7·3) were diagnosed with this condition (mean follow-up 4·1 years [SD 2·2]). Obesity was the strongest risk factor, with adjusted hazard ratios (aHR) for obesity (BMI 30-35 kg/m2) of 2·8 (95% CI 1·5-5·3) and for severe obesity (>35 g/m2) of 3·4 (1·5-7·8; p<0·0001 for trend). Other significant risk factors included Asian ethnicity (aHR 2·9, 95% CI 1·6-5·3), previous gestational diabetes (1·7, 1·1-2·6), and pharmacological treatment for gestational diabetes (insulin 2·9, 2·0-4·2; oral medications 1·9, 1·2-3·1). Interpretation Routinely collected electronic health-care data can be used to assess real-life risk factors for type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes. Challenges include missing data and inaccurate coding, which can impact validity of findings. However, this study provides a basis to develop and test a regional risk-scoring system for prioritising referrals to interventions for diabetes prevention after gestational diabetes.
Drug repurposing in gestational diabetes-a bioinformatics approach; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with short-term and long term complications for both mothers and their children. Normalizing blood sugar prevents some but not all complications of GDM. New therapeutic approaches are needed, but face difficulties in translating research concepts into clinically useful therapies while also ensuring that new medications are safe in pregnancy. We sought to use electronic health record (EHR)-based genetic associations to investigate whether drugs currently considered safe in pregnancy might be potential candidates to treat, or prevent complications of, GDM. Methods: We compiled a list of 139 systematically active drugs considered safe in pregnancy targeting the products of 288 genes. Using a University's BioVU DNA biobank associated with EHRs, we identified SNPs in the 288 genes associated with GDM and type 2 diabetes (DM2). Findings were correlated with gene expression in the pancreatic beta cells and the placenta in health and diabetes. Using data from the EHR, we examined the association between specific medications and markers of glycemic control including the 50 gram glucose tolerance test (GTT) and glycated hemoglobin (A1C). Multivariate analyses controlled for age, BMI, gender, race, and ethnicity. Results: We identified SNPs in 20 genes associated with GDM and 44 associated with DM2. Among this group were multiple G-protein coupled receptors and phosphodiesterases suggesting roles in insulin secretion. Variants in the MTNR1B were associated with GDM and DM2 and use of the MTNR1B agonist agomelatine has been shown to be associated with reduced A1C. Variants were identified in 5HTR3D and the HTR3-antagonist anti-nausea medications (e.g. ondansetron), were associated with a 3.7 mg/dL increase in GTT. Conversely, hyperemesis gravidarum was associated with a 7.2 mg/dL decrease in GTT. Multiple variants were identified in voltage dependent calcium channel subunits, targeted by nifedipine and other calcium channel blockers. Use of these drugs was associated with a 3.1 mg/dL decrease in GTT. Variants in muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, targeted by the Alzheimer medication galantamine were associated with GDM and DM2. Among Alzheimer disease patients, Galantamine was associated with a 1.1% increase in A1C. Conclusion: This innovative approach identified novel potential therapies aimed at GDM that are known to be safe in pregnancy. Future directions include study of candidate therapies in experimental models of glucose control and association with the negative complications of GDM in mother and fetus.
Relationship between vitamin D and gestational diabetes in overweight or obese pregnant women may be mediated by adiponectin; SCOPE: Maternal vitamin D deficiency has been implicated in adverse pregnancy outcomes. However, the association between vitamin D and inflammation, particularly adipokines, remains unexplored in pregnancy.
Assessing the consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus on offspring's cardiovascular health: MySweetHeart Cohort study protocol, Switzerland; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a state of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy. GDM carries prenatal and perinatal risks as well as long-term risks for the mother and her child. GDM may be involved in the foetal programming of long-term cardiovascular health. However, evidence is sparse and the effect of GDM on cardiovascular health is unknown. To address these issues, we will conduct MySweetHeart Cohort study. The objectives are to assess the effect of GDM on offspring's cardiovascular health early in life by using surrogate markers of cardiovascular disease and atherosclerosis. Methods and analysis This is a cohort study of 100 offspring of women with GDM and 100 offspring of women without GDM. At inclusion, a baseline assessment of the mothers will be conducted through means of self-report questionnaires, a researcher-administrated interview, blood pressure and anthropometric measurements, and a maternal blood sampling. Between the 30th and 34th weeks of gestation, a foetal echography will be performed to assess the foetal cardiac structure and function, the fetomaternal circulation and the hepatic volume. At birth, maternal and neonatal characteristics will be assessed. An echocardiography will be performed to assess cardiac structure and function 2-7 days after birth; carotid intima-media thickness will be also measured to assess vascular structure. MySweetHeart Cohort is linked to MySweetHeart Trial (clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02890693), a randomised controlled trial assessing the effect of a multidimensional interdisciplinary lifestyle and psychosocial intervention to improve the cardiometabolic and mental health of women with GDM and their offspring. A long-term follow-up of children is planned.
Nutrition in early life and age-associated diseases; The prevalence of age-associated disease is increasing at a striking rate globally. It is known that a strong association exists between a suboptimal maternal and/or early-life environment and increased propensity of developing age-associated disease, including cardiovascular disease (CVD), type-2 diabetes (T2D) and obesity. The dissection of underlying molecular mechanisms to explain this phenomenon, which is known as ‘developmental programming’ is still emerging; however three common mechanisms have emerged in many models of developmental programming. These mechanisms are (a) changes in tissue structure, (b) epigenetic regulation and (c) accelerated cellular ageing. This review will examine the epidemiological evidence and the animal models of suboptimal maternal environments, focusing upon these molecular mechanisms and will discuss the progress being made in the development of safe and effective intervention strategies which ultimately could target those ‘programmed’ individuals who are known to be at-risk of age-associated disease.
Impact of vitamin D supplementation on endothelial and inflammatory markers in adults: A systematic review; This systematic review aims to evaluate randomised controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the effect of vitamin D supplementation on endothelial function and inflammation in adults. An electronic search of published randomised controlled trials, using Cochrane, Pubmed and Medline databases was conducted, with the search terms related to vitamin D and endothelial function. Inclusion criteria were RCTs in adult humans with a measure of vitamin D status using serum/plasma 25(OH)D and studies which administered the intervention through the oral route. Among the 1107 studies retrieved, 29 studies met the full inclusion criteria for this systematic review. Overall, 8 studies reported significant improvements in the endothelial/inflammatory biomarkers/parameters measured. However, in 2 out of the 8 studies, improvements were reported at interim time points, but improvements were absent post-intervention. The remaining 21 trial studies did not show significant improvements in the markers of interest measured. Evidence from the studies included in this systematic review did not demonstrate that vitamin D supplementation in adults, results in an improvement in circulating inflammatory and endothelial function biomarkers/parameters. This systematic review does not therefore support the use of vitamin D supplementation as a therapeutic or preventative measure for CVD in this respect.
Outcome of Neonates with Meconium Aspiration Syndrome at the University Hospital of the West Indies, Jamaica: A Resource-Limited Setting; Aim To determine the outcome of neonates with meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS) at the University Hospital of the West Indies over a 5-year period. Methods This was a retrospective, descriptive study looking at all inborn neonates with MAS. Data on maternal and neonatal demographics, clinical course, and outcome were recorded. Descriptive analyses were performed. Results The incidence of MAS was 10 per 1,000 live births. Fetal distress was documented in 32 (30%) cases. Thirty-two (30%) neonates were postdates at the time of delivery and 32 (30%) neonates were delivered by emergency cesarean section. Seven (6%) neonates required mechanical ventilation and 16 (15%) required bubble continuous positive airway pressure. Seven (6%) neonates had hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, 5(5%) had persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn, and 1 (4%) had a pneumothorax. There was a 1% mortality rate. Thick meconium beneath the cords, grunting, and hypoxia on admission were independent predictors of disease severity. Conclusion The incidence of MAS was similar to that of other resource-limited settings; however, the disease spectrum was milder with lower morbidity and mortality.
Complications of pregnancy and labour in women with Klippel–Trénaunay syndrome: a nationwide cross-sectional study; Objective: To evaluate complications of pregnancy, including thromboembolism, in women with extensive vascular malformations associated with Klippel–Trénaunay syndrome (KTS). Design: Nationwide cross-sectional study. Setting: Two tertiary expert centres and the Dutch Klippel–Trénaunay patient organisation. Sample: Adult women with KTS. Methods: Patients with KTS were invited to participate in a comprehensive online survey about their obstetric history. Reference data on pregnancy outcomes and complications of non-diseased women were collected from population-based cohorts from the literature. Main outcome measures: Prevalence of complications, specifically venous thromboembolism and postpartum haemorrhage. Results: Sixty women completed the survey. Seventeen patients did not conceive, of whom three refrained from pregnancy because of KTS. A total of 97 pregnancies and 86 deliveries were reported in 43 patients. KTS-related symptoms were aggravated during pregnancy in 43% of patients. Deep vein thrombosis was present in 5.8% and pulmonary embolism was present in 2.3% of pregnancies, which was extremely high compared with the reference population (P < 0.0001), with a relative risk of 108.9 (95% confidence interval, 95% CI 46.48–255.03) and 106.2 (95% CI 26.97–418.10), respectively. Severe postpartum haemorrhage (PPH) occurred in 11% of KTS pregnancies, compared with 5.8% of pregnancies in the reference population (relative risk, RR 1.81, 95% CI 0.97–3.37, P = 0.06). Conclusions: Our data suggest that women with KTS have a significant risk of venous thromboembolic events, severe postpartum haemorrhage, and aggravation of KTS symptoms during pregnancy, and in early postpartum period. Obstetricians should counsel patients about these risks in the preconception phase. Antithrombotic prophylaxis should be considered in the obstetric management of patients with KTS. Tweetable abstract: High risk of complications during pregnancy and labour in women with Klippel–Trénaunay syndrome.
Pro-oxidant/pro-inflammatory alterations in the offspring´s heart of mild diabetic rats are regulated by maternal treatments with a mitochondrial antioxidant; Maternal diabetes programs metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Here, we demonstrated increased pro-oxidant/pro-inflammatory markers in the heart of 2-day-old offspring of diabetic rats, previous to the induction of metabolic alterations. At a pre-pubertal stage, sex-dependent changes were evidenced in the diabetic group, as only males showed increased glycemia as well as increased concentrations of nitrated proteins, matrix metalloproteinase-9 and peroxisome proliferator activated receptor α (PPARα) in the heart. Differently, the heart of male and female offspring of diabetic rats showed increased levels of connective tissue growth factor (CTGF). Maternal treatments with idebenone, a mitochondrial antioxidant, led to reductions in all the pro-oxidant and pro-inflammatory markers evaluated and in PPARα protein expression in the heart of the offspring of diabetic rats. The results of the present study highlight the gender dependence and the role of oxidative stress in the diabetes-induced intrauterine programming of heart alterations.
Nonmedically indicated induction in morbidly obese women is not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery; Background The prevalence of morbid obesity (body mass index ≥40 kg/m2) in women aged 20-39 years was 7.5% in 2009 through 2010. Morbid obesity is associated with an increased risk of stillbirth compared with normal body mass index, especially >39 weeks’ gestation. The data regarding increased risk of cesarean delivery associated with nonmedically indicated induction of labor compared to expectant management in morbidly obese women are limited. Objective We sought to compare the cesarean delivery rate of nonmedically indicated induction of labor with expectant management in morbidly obese women without other comorbidity. Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study from the Consortium on Safe Labor of morbidly obese women with singleton, cephalic gestations without previous cesarean, chronic hypertension, or gestational or pregestational diabetes between 37 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks’ gestation. We examined maternal outcomes including cesarean delivery, operative delivery, third- or fourth-degree laceration, postpartum hemorrhage, and composite maternal outcome (any of: transfusion, intensive care unit admission, venous thromboembolism). We also examined neonatal outcomes including shoulder dystocia, macrosomia (>4000 g), neonatal intensive care unit admission, and composite neonatal outcome (5-min Apgar score <5, stillbirth, neonatal death, or asphyxia or hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy). Adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals were calculated, controlling for maternal characteristics, hospital type, and simplified Bishop score. Analyses were conducted at early and full term (37 0/7 to 38 6/7 and 39 0/7 to 40 6/7 weeks’ gestation, respectively). Women who delivered between 41 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks’ gestation were included as expectant management group. Results Of 1894 nulliparous and 2455 multiparous morbidly obese women, 429 (22.7%) and 791 (32.2%) had nonmedically indicated induction, respectively. In nulliparas, nonmedically indicated induction was not associated with increased risks of cesarean delivery and was associated with decreased risks of macrosomia (2.2% vs 11.0%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.24; 95% confidence interval, 0.05–0.70) at early term and decreased neonatal intensive care unit admission (5.1% vs 8.9%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.59; 95% confidence interval, 0.33–0.98) at full term compared with expectant management. In multiparas, nonmedically indicated induction compared with expectant management was associated with a decreased risk of macrosomia at early term (4.2% vs 14.3%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.30; 95% confidence interval, 0.13–0.60), cesarean delivery at full term (5.4% vs 7.9%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.64; 95% confidence interval, 0.41–0.98), and composite neonatal outcome (0% vs 0.6%; adjusted odds ratio, 0.10; 95% confidence interval, <.01–0.89) at full term. Conclusion In morbidly obese women without other comorbidity, nonmedically indicated induction was not associated with an increased risk of cesarean delivery.
Epidemiology of gestational diabetes mellitus according to IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria among obese pregnant women in Europe; Aims/hypothesis: Accurate prevalence estimates for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) among pregnant women in Europe are lacking owing to the use of a multitude of diagnostic criteria and screening strategies in both high-risk women and the general pregnant population. Our aims were to report important risk factors for GDM development and calculate the prevalence of GDM in a cohort of women with BMI ≥29 kg/m2 across 11 centres in Europe using the International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG)/WHO 2013 diagnostic criteria. Methods: Pregnant women (n = 1023, 86.3% European ethnicity) with a BMI ≥29.0 kg/m2 enrolled into the Vitamin D and Lifestyle Intervention for GDM Prevention (DALI) pilot, lifestyle and vitamin D studies of this pan-European multicentre trial, attended for an OGTT during pregnancy. Demographic, anthropometric and metabolic data were collected at enrolment and throughout pregnancy. GDM was diagnosed using IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria. GDM treatment followed local policies. Results: The number of women recruited per country ranged from 80 to 217, and the dropout rate was 7.1%. Overall, 39% of women developed GDM during pregnancy, with no significant differences in prevalence across countries. The prevalence of GDM was high (24%; 242/1023) in early pregnancy. Despite interventions used in the DALI study, a further 14% (94/672) had developed GDM when tested at mid gestation (24–28 weeks) and 13% (59/476) of the remaining cohort at late gestation (35–37 weeks). Demographics and lifestyle factors were similar at baseline between women with GDM and those who maintained normal glucose tolerance. Previous GDM (16.5% vs 7.9%, p = 0.002), congenital malformations (6.4% vs 3.3%, p = 0.045) and a baby with macrosomia (31.4% vs 17.9%, p = 0.001) were reported more frequently in those who developed GDM. Significant anthropometric and metabolic differences were already present in early pregnancy between women who developed GDM and those who did not. Conclusions/interpretation: The prevalence of GDM diagnosed by the IADPSG/WHO 2013 GDM criteria in European pregnant women with a BMI ≥29.0 kg/m2 is substantial, and poses a significant health burden to these pregnancies and to the future health of the mother and her offspring. Uniform criteria for GDM diagnosis, supported by robust evidence for the benefits of treatment, are urgently needed to guide modern GDM screening and treatment strategies.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: a national cohort; Objective Pregnancy and the obesity epidemic impacting women of reproductive age appear to predispose women to obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnancy. The aim of this study is to examine the association between OSA and adverse maternal outcomes in a national cohort. Methods The National Perinatal Information Center in the US was used to identify women with a delivery discharge diagnosis of OSA from 2010 to 2014. We used the International Classification of Diseases, ninth Revision to classify OSA diagnosis and maternal outcomes. Measurements The sample consisted of 1,577,632 gravidas with a rate of OSA of 0.12% (N = 1963). There was a significant association between OSA and preeclampsia (adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 2.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94–2.54), eclampsia (aOR 2.95, 1.08–8.02), and gestational diabetes (aOR 1.51, 1.34–1.72) after adjusting for a comprehensive list of covariates which includes maternal obesity. OSA status was also associated with a 2.5–3.5-fold increase in risk of severe complications such as cardiomyopathy, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. Length of hospital stay was significantly longer (5.1 + 5.6 vs 3.0 + 3.0 days, p < 0.001) and odds of an admission to an intensive care unit higher (aOR 2.74, 2.36–3.18) in women with OSA. Conclusions Compared to pregnant women without OSA, pregnant women with OSA have a significantly higher risk of pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes, and rare medical and surgical complications such as cardiomyopathy, pulmonary edema, congestive heart failure, and hysterectomy. OSA diagnosis was also associated with a longer hospital stay and significantly increased odds for admission to the intensive care unit.
Comprehensive primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) remains the leading cause of mortality in women. Historically, medical research has focused on male patients, and subsequently, there has been decreased awareness of the burden of ASCVD in females until recent years. The biological differences between sexes and differences in societal expectations defined by gender roles contribute to gender differences in ASCVD risk factors. With these differing risk profiles, risk assessment, risk stratification, and primary preventive measures of ASCVD are different in women and men. In this review article, clinicians will understand the risk factors unique to women, such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and those that disproportionately affect them such as autoimmune disorders. With these conditions in mind, the approach to ASCVD risk assessment and stratification in women will be discussed. Furthermore, the literature behind the effects of primary preventive measures in women, including lifestyle modifications, aspirin, statins, and anticoagulation, will be reviewed. The aim of this review article was to ultimately improve ASCVD primary prevention by reducing gender disparities through education of physicians.
Successful management of a severe anti-M alloimmunization during pregnancy; We report the successful outcome of a patient with anti-M antibodies with a previous history of severe hemolysis of erythrocytes. Serial plasma exchange from the first trimester combined with ultrasound monitoring of the fetal middle cerebral artery blood velocity was implemented. This management allowed a favorable pregnancy outcome of an infant born by an elective caesarean section at 32 weeks 6/7 with a normal Apgar score at 8/9/10. The other therapeutic alternatives such as intravenous immunoglobulin and in utero fetal blood transfusions are discussed.
Atopic dermatitis and risk of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, myocardial infarction and stroke in a cross-sectional analysis from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project; Background: Atopic dermatitis (AD) has been associated with cardiovascular risk factors and diseases, but epidemiological studies to date have found conflicting results. Objectives: To determine the associations of AD with hypertension, type 2 diabetes (T2D), myocardial infarction (MI) and stroke. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of baseline data from the Canadian Partnership for Tomorrow Project, which includes Canadian residents aged 30–74 years living in British Columbia, Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. We excluded participants with incomplete data on AD, hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke, who had type 1 or gestational diabetes or who developed any of the outcomes at an age prior to a diagnosis of AD. This left 259 119 participants in our analysis. We used logistic regression to calculate age- and sex-, and multivariable-adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI and stroke. Results: AD was reported by 21 379 (8·4%) participants. In total, 52 787 cases of hypertension, 12 739 cases of T2D, 4390 cases of MI and 2235 cases of stroke were reported by participants at enrolment. In the multivariable-adjusted model, AD was associated with decreased odds of hypertension (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·83–0·90), T2D (OR 0·78, 95% CI 0·71–0·84), MI (OR 0·87, 95% CI 0·75–1·00) and stroke (OR 0·79, 95% CI 0·66–0·95). Conclusions: We did not find evidence of a positive association between AD and subsequent hypertension, T2D, MI or stroke; AD was inversely associated with these outcomes in our study. Given our findings and the conflicting literature, AD is likely not a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
New intragenic rearrangements in non-Finnish mulibrey nanism; Prenatal growth is a complex dynamic process controlled by various genetic and environmental factors. Among genetic syndromes characterized by growth restriction, MULIBREY nanism represents a rare autosomal recessive condition presenting with severe pre- and post-natal growth failure, characteristic dysmorphic features but normal neurological development. The phenotype of MULIBREY nanism is variable and overlaps with others such as the Silver-Russell syndrome. We report here three patients in two distinct non-Finnish families from North France who were first suspected to have Silver–Russell syndrome which failed to be confirmed on molecular analyses. Clinical features in the three patients led us to also consider the diagnosis of MULIBREY nanism. Sequencing of the TRIM37 gene showed the three patients shared a novel nonsense mutation (c.181 C>T p.Arg61*) in a heterozygous state. Quantitative fluorescent multiplex PCR identified a new deletion of exons 15 and 16 in TRIM37 in one isolated patient and another deletion of exon 9 in two siblings. Breakpoints of both the deletions were localized in Alu sequences. Given the high number of Alu repeats, which predispose to gene rearrangements, one should always consider such genetic rearrangements in the molecular diagnosis of non-Finnish MULIBREY nanism patients. Early diagnosis of the disease would prompt careful cardiac follow up of such patients as cardiological complication is a characteristic feature of the MULIBREY nanism as described in this report.
Effectiveness of the critical congenital heart disease screening program for early diagnosis of cardiac abnormalities in newborn infants; Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of critical congenital heart disease (CCHD) screening program for early diagnosis of cardiac anomalies in newborn infants. Methods: This is a hospital-based prospective cross-sectional study conducted in the Pediatric and Neonatology Department, King Fahad Hospital at Albaha, Saudi Arabia, between February 2016 and February 2017. Results: We screened 2961 (95.4%) of 3103 patients in a nursery unit; 142 (4.6%) patients were not screened. The test was positive in 114 (3.9%) patients and negative in 2847 (96.1%). There were 94 (3.2%) false positives and 20 (0.7%) true positives. Critical cardiac defects were diagnosed in 7 (0.2%) patients of all screened infants, and severe pulmonary hypertension was diagnosed in 13 (0.4%) patients. True negative results were found in 2841(96%) patients, and no cardiac defect was diagnosed, whereas false negative results were seen in 6 (0.2%) patients diagnosed with ventricular septal defect. The sensitivity was 77%, and the specificity was very high at 97%, with a positive predictive value of 18%, and a negative predictive value of 99.8% (95% confidence interval 13.78-19.18, p=0.0001). Conclusion: Pulse oximetry was found to be easy, safe, sensitive, and highly specific for diagnosis of CCHD.
The value of real-time continuous glucose monitoring in premature infants of diabetic mothers; To determine the feasibility of using a real-time continuous glucose monitoring system (RTGMS) in intensive care units, our study focus on preterm infants with diabetic mothers owing to their high risk of blood sugar abnormalities. Thirty preterm babies (M = 15 and F = 15; ≤ 36 week gestation age) were studied from within 72 hours of delivery. These babies were admitted to the newborn intensive care and were further categorized into groups based on whether their mothers with or without diabetic mellitus. Blood sugar levels were monitored by both RTGMS and the traditional intermittent arterial line (A-Line) glucose method. Continuous glucose monitoring were well tolerated in 30 infants. There were good consistency between RTGMS and A-Line glucose concentration measurements. Of the preterm infants, 33.33% experienced abnormal glucose levels (hypoglycemia or hyperglycemia) between the checkpoint intervals of the intermittent A-Line blood sugar measurements. RTGM showed advantages with regards to reduced pain, greater comfort, the provision of real-time information, high sensitivity (94.59%) and specificity (97.87%) in discovering abnormalities of blood sugar, which are especially valuable for premature infants of diabetic mothers. RTGMS is comparable to A-line measurement for identifying fluctuations in blood glucose in premature infants. RTGMS detects more episodes of abnormal glucose concentration than intermittent A-line blood glucose measurement. High risk infants, especially premature infants with diabetic mothers, should receive more intensive blood sugar level checks by using continuous RTGMS.
Study on serum lipoprotein profile of exclusive breast fed, mixed fed and formula fed preterm infants; Introduction: Breast feeding is protective for atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, obesity, Diabetes Mellitus (DM) and hypertension. Serum lipoprotein is principal risk factor for atherosclerosis. There is growing evidence that risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) begins to emerge from infancy. Lipoprotein level is affected by different feeding pattern during infancy. Aim: To compare serum lipoprotein profile of exclusively breast fed, mixed fed and formula fed preterm infant. Materials and Methods: A total of two fifty preterm newborn were recruited at birth and divided into three groups. Group A were Exclusively Breast Fed (EBF), Group B were Mixed Fed (MF) and Group C were Formula/bovine milk Fed (FF) infants. Preterm newborns with severe sepsis, hypoglycemia, Hypoxic Ischemic Encephalopathy (HIE) stage II and III, meconium stained amniotic fluid, pathological jaundice, Hyaline Membrane Disease (HMD), less than 28 weeks gestation, with major congenital anomaly and infants born to mothers with DM, gestational diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia or on long term medications were excluded from the study. Lipoprotein profile estimation was done at four weeks and again at 16 weeks of age. Results: At four weeks of age, Total Cholesterol (TC), Triglyceride (TG), Low Density Lipoprotein (LDL) and Very Low Density Lipoprotein (VLDL) were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001), EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) and MF vs. FF (p=0.005) infants. At 16 weeks also, TC and HDL were higher in EBF infants as compared to MF and FF infants. For TC, this difference was significant between EBF vs. MF (p<0.001) and EBF vs. FF (p<0.001) infants. When infants were followed up to 16 weeks of age, TC and LDL level fell significantly (p<0.001) in EBF and MF group, a significant (P<0.05) rise for TC was seen in FF group. At 16 weeks of age, there was no significant rise in HDL in EBF infants, but significant fall was seen in MF (p=0.0001) and in FF (p=0.001) infants. Conclusion: Breastfeeding, even MF is beneficial in preterm infants as compared to FF in terms of lipoprotein profile which is protective for atherosclerosis.
Pregnancy outcomes in patients with ankylosing spondylitis: A nationwide population study; Background/Purpose: Autoimmune inflammatory diseases influence on pregnancy outcomes. But rare studies have focus on the ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and pregnancy outcomes. Methods: The primary data source was the National Health Insurance database and national birth registry of Taiwan. We obtained records of all pregnancies in Taiwan between 2001 and 2012 from a national insurance database. Maternal and fetal outcomes were obtained from national birth registry. Results: We analyzed data from 2,350,339 women between 2001 and 2012 categorized into 2 groups. Subjects in the reference group (2,347,847 women) had no AS diagnosis, and those in the AS group (2,492 women) had diagnosed with AS before pregnancy. Maternal outcomes in patients with AS revealed a higher adjusted odds ratio for Puerperal cerebrovascular disorders (OR 4.05 95% CI 2.02 to 8.12), Preterm labor (OR 1.18 95% CI 1.00 to 1.38), cesarean delivery (OR 1.08 95% CI 1.01 to 1.15), pulmonary edema (OR 4.99 95% CI 1.24 to 20.10) and gestational diabetes (OR 1.16 95% CI 1.02 to 1.34). The neonatal outcomes in AS group showed a higher adjusted OR for poorer 1 minute Apgar score (<7) (OR 1.38 95% CI 1.10 to 1.75), poorer 5 minute Apgar score (<7) (OR 1.60 95% CI 1.02 to 2.52), fetal abnormalities (OR 1.20 95% CI 1.03 to 1.39), chromosomal abnormalities (OR 1.72 95% CI 1.15 to 2.59) and unspecific abnormalities (OR 1.28 95% CI 1.01 to 1.62). Conclusion: Patients with AS were associated with higher prevalence of adverse birth outcomes.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Outcomes of mothers after pregnancy and their children; In immediate post-partum, 16 to 42% of women at risk and with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) according to the new diagnostic criteria have dysglycemia; and 26% of them have developed incident dysglycemia at 5 years (vs. 4% of those without GDM). Eleven percent of women have diabetes 8-12 years after the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study. Cardiovascular events in women with previous GDM are twice more frequent than in women without, independently for glycemic status. Follow-up of children 8-12 years after the HAPO study show that they have a 21% higher risk for overweight or obesity when their mother had GDM than when she had not, after adjustment for confounding factors. Their cardiovascular risk is probably increased, with a higher prevalence of classical cardiovascular risk factors, and abnormalities of cardiovascular surrogates. Finally, cognitive development appears to be altered in case of maternal GDM. GDM should be considered as an opportunity for preventive initiatives.
Clinical outcomes of peripartum cardiomyopathy: A 15-year nationwide population-based study in Asia; Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is the development of heart failure during late pregnancy to months postpartum with potential fatal outcome. However, the disease is not well-studied in Asia. We aimed to investigate the epidemiology and clinical outcomes of PPCM in Taiwan. Electronic medical records were retrieved from Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database from 1997 to 2011. Patients with PPCM were separated into 3 groups based on the timing of diagnosis. Early: PPCM diagnosed first to ninth month of pregnancy. Traditional: PPCM diagnosed last month of pregnancy till fifth month post-delivery. Late: PPCM diagnosed sixth to twelfth month post-delivery. Primary outcomes defined as cardiac death, all-cause mortality, and major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) within 1 year. A total of 3,506,081 deliveries during 1997 to 2011 were retrieved and 925 patients with PPCM were identified. Overall incidence of PPCM was 1:3,790 during the 15 years. Early, Traditional, and Late group each had 88, 742, and 95 patients. Cardiac death occurred in 31 patients, all-cause mortality in 72 patients, and MACE in 65 patients. Late group had 2- to 3-fold event rates in cardiac death, all-cause mortality, and MACE compared with Early and Traditional groups. Cumulative incidence showed significant differences for cardiac death (P=.0011), all-cause mortality (P=.0031), and MACE (P=.0014) among 3 groups. Multivariate Cox model showed Late group had significantly worse outcomes after adjusted for clinical variables compared with 2 other groups. Our study is the largest national cohort among Asian countries that showed timing of diagnosis of PPCM had different outcomes. Late diagnosis portended significantly increased morbidity and mortality, even after adjusted for clinical variables.
Normalized weight of Iranian newborns according to gestational age: A nationwide study; Background: By organizing birth weights according to gestational age at birth, reference weight valúes for different sex-gestational ages are provided. Methods: Data of 1,090,779 mothers and their neonates were gathered from 30 provinces of Iran. Pregnancy complications, maternal risk factors, type of delivery, maternal outcome, neonatal sex and APGAR score were determined. Birth weights were quantified into 3rd, 50th and 97th centile. Regression analysis was used to estimate birth weight of neonates. Results: Birth weight showed an enhancing trend with age; boys weighed more, multiparous women had higher neonatal birth weight, mothers with cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus had heavier infants, and mothers aged below 20 years had lower estimated infant birth weight. Gestational age (beta = 147.3) and male sex (beta = 114.9) were the most important independent variables, respectively for predicting birth weight (R-square = 0.512 and P < 0.001). In other words, with each unit increase in gestational age, birth weight would increase by 147.3 grams. Male fetuses were also 114.9 grams heavier than females of the same gestational age. Value of R-square shows relatively acceptable goodness of this statistical model. Conclusion: A national reference for fetal growth patterns and related factors was determined in this study.
Art pregnancies-epigenetic changes related to perinatal outcome; After so many years practicing ART and several millions children born as a result of in vitro fertilization, it is well known fact that pregnancies conceived after ART is with some additional risks compared with spontaneously conceived pregnancies. Data from national registries, health reports and large studies point out higher risk for adverse perinatal outcome: higher incidence of multiple pregnancy (one third is from ART), spontaneous abortions, preterm delivery, IUGR, higher incidence of preeclampsia and other pregnancy related complications, like placental abruption, placenta previa, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery and slight increase in birth defects. According USA Health report for 20000 children born from ART, comparing with naturally conceived children, have twice as likely to have health defects, 4, 5 times are susceptible to digestive tract disorder, 3, 7 times have higher risk of bowel disorders, 4 times more likely to have cleft lip, 31% more likely to die in period before and after birth, 26% more likely to be small for their age. Part of the problem could be related to maternal age and multiple gestation, but even singleton pregnancies demonstrate increased rate of perinatal complications. The doubt still stays for cause - what is contribution of underlying reproductive pathology related to infertility and what use of ART methods. Epigenetic control and imprinting processes could be disrupt during ovarian stimulation and gametes manipulation in ART. Oocyte imprinted genes and epigenetic changes show methylation defects in stimulated cycles compared with spontaneously ovulated. Dynamic state of genome in periconceptional and perinatal period made it extremely susceptible for adverse effects on epigenetic modification and increased chance for adult disease. Embryonic and fetal period are clearly vulnerable to environmental factors, and acquired changes can persist transgenerationally, despite the lack of continued exposure. The loss of methylation occurs between fertilization and blastocyste stage, to be established again in developing embryo producing epigenetic reprogramming. Routine procedures in ART like embryo culture systems (mediums, length of cultivation), embryo transfer or other manipulations can alter very active epigenetic reprogram of embryo and more important, some of the acquired changes can be maintained for the rest of the life. The are some increased concerns regarding specific disorders like developmental disabilities, retinoblastoma, childhood cancers, chronic conditions ( autism, schizophrenia, Alzheimer disease, asthma), imprinting disorders, learning and behavioral disorders and reproductive effects, especially possibilities that some problems could be transmitted to next generations. It animal models change is enzymes related to blood pressure regulation and metabolic processes is noticed. Most of studies comparing spontaneously conceived children with ART children do not find significant differences in medical, cognitive and motoric health but concerns related to metabolic profile, blood pressure, fertility and many other health issues still remains. Further long term studies are needed for better understanding of possible ART effects.
Case study of fetal death due to a true knot of umbilical cord; Introduction: The high incidence of morbidity and mortality during the perinatal period (from 28 gestational weeks of pregnancy to 28 days after birth) creates the need to select pregnant women and fetuses who are at high risk as soon as possible so as to reduce risks that can lead to disability, mental retardation, as well as the death of the fetus. The stillbirth Collaborative Research Network recently reported that pathological changes and umbilical cord accidents (UCA) were associated with the death of the fetus in 15% of stillborn children. The true knots occur approximately in 1,2% of the pregnancies with the highest rate in monoamniotic twins. They are caused from the movement of the fetus and are more likely to develop in the middle of pregnancy when there is more water present and when there is greater mobility of the fetus. They are also associated with the mother's age, multiparity, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes, length of the umbilical cord, and they occur more frequently in male fetuses. There is also a higher rate of fetal distress, the meconial water of the fetus, operative ending of the birth, as well as the antenatal death of the fetus. False nodes are more common and have no clinical significance. Case report: Patient aged 37, regularly controlled in her fourth pregnancy. The previous three pregnancies and births went smoothly. Because of the years, non-invasive screening test (NIFTY test) was suggested and conducted. The patient was monitored during the pregnancy, in the 12th week of gestation, the following was conducted: screening-control of the nasal bone, frontomaxillary angle, nuchal and intracranial translucency, flow through the ductus venosus, as well as the control of tricuspid regurgitation. In the 18th week of gestation, umbilical cord insertion was examined. Moreover, expert 4D ultrasound examination and the re-examination CNS were conducted in the 33rd gestation week. In the 36th week of gestation fetus cardiotocography was done (base frequency of normal physiological range, undulatory oscillations of preserved variability). In the 37th week of gestation the patient came to the examination and informed the staff that she does not feel the movements of the fetus. Absence of cardiac activity of the fetus was diagnosed and birth was induced. Results of the evaluation of the umbilical cord found the true knot of the umbilical cord with initial signs of maceration. An autopsy finding confirmed that apart from a change on the umbilical cord there was no pathological finding on the fetus and the placental tissue. Conclusion: Taking into consideration UCA, high degree of the mortality of the fetus falls, the focus must be placed on ultrasonic evaluation (by using Doppler and possibly MRI) pathology of the umbilical cord, including length, layout, composition, insertion (fetal and placental), the number of blood vessels, twisting. Absence of twisting is associated with reduction in fetal movements, flow disorders through the umbilical cord and poor pregnancy prognosis. Hyperactivity of the fetus is associated with compressions of the umbilical cord. If UCA is detected, it is recommended to hospitalize the pregnant woman and to monitor heart rate of the fetus for 24 hours. Through an examination, the following should be excluded: abnormal insertion and structural abnormalities - cysts, pseudocysts, nodes, varicosity umbilical veins, hemangiomas, aneurysms, arterial hyperplasia, hematomas, spontaneous or iatrogenic, venous inscription as well as previa and prolapse. In the era of increased incidence of invasive diagnostic tests - the type of amniocentesis and cordocentesis - there is also a narrowing of the umbilical cord resulting because of the local absence of Wharton jellywhich damages the blood vessels and narrows their lumen. Therefore, we can conclude that precise prenatal ultrasound imaging of umbilical cord morphology can greatly reduce perinatal mobility and mortality.
Modifiable risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives Pregnancy is considered a real metabolic challenge and a key moment for the development of subsequent maternal overweight or obesity-related complications such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Literature studies constantly report certain risk factors for GDM: family history of diabetes, previous GDM, advanced maternal age, being overweight or obese, fetal macrosomia, smoking. Among these factors, diet and regular physical exercise are modifiable, therefore educating patients could help prevent GDM and its related maternal and fetal complications. The aim of this study is to present our experience in the prevention of GDM in a group of 204 pregnant patients with detected risk factors. Methods A group of 204 pregnant patients with detected risk factors for GDM was enrolled in the study between April 2016 and April 2017. All patients were admitted in the Emergency University Hospital in Bucharest and followed-up at regular visits during pregnancy. A questionnaire was given to record patients' family history of cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes, lifestyle, diet, smoking and self-medication. Data about patients' pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational weight-gain was also recorded. At 24-28 weeks of gestation, all patients performed a 75g oral glucose tolerance test and pregnant patients with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) were selected. These patients were put on a prudent diet, with a high intake of vegetables and white meat and were advised to quit smoking. Results The prudent diet had a positive impact on the gestational weight gain in the third trimester of the pregnant woman found to have an IGT, lowering the risk for obesity. Interestingly, the patients who had an active life before pregnancy and a moderate physical activity during pregnancy, gained less weight. Those who quit smoking and who supplemented their diet with vitamin D, C and iron also had better pregnancy outcomes. Conclusions Changes in modifiable risk factors (healthy diet, exercise) among pregnant women, especially overweight or obese, may reduce the risk of GDM and subsequent complications for both mother and fetus. Moreover, action upon these risk factors should be taken earlier than second or third trimester for better results.
Obesity and cesarean section; Maternal overweight or obesity is present in approximately one third of pregnancies all over the world and the prevalence is still increasing. Prepregnacy BMI is more strongly associated with adverse pregnancy outcome than weight gain during pregnancy. Obstetrical complications, most commonly linked to overweight and obesity, are preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, venous thromboembolism and cesarean section. In twins, risk for preeclampsia is 2-times higher in overweight and nearly 8-times in women with BMI > 30. The combination of prepregn ancy BMI and weight gain pattern, alone or in association with their effect on fetal growth and m aternal morbidity, is an important determinant of cesarean section rates at term. We analyzed data of more than 170 000 women who delivered singletons at ≥38 weeks during t he period between 2003 and 2012 (1). We calculated the frequencies of urgent and elective cesa rean sections (UCS and ECS, respectively) in mothers who gained less than, more than, and as re commended by the Institute of Medicine (IOM) according to their pregravid body mass index (B MI). In this population, 14.3% women underwent cesarean section; 8.6% UCS and 5.7% ECS. Th e frequency of cesareans, both UCS and ECS, increases as BMI increases irrespective of weight ga in pattern. Obese women have 1,7 higher probability of having UCS. The frequency of UCS in all women increases and that of ECS among obese women decreases as the level of weight gain incr eases from undergainers to overgainers (1).
Correlation between cord blood leptin levels and neonatal body fat percentage; Introduction: Foetal growth restriction subjects the newborn to the risk of hypoglycaemia as well as longer-term sequelae including, poor neurological outcomes, obesity and cardiovascular disease. There is evidence that measuring body fat percentage (BF%) at birth allows for early detection of the high risk neonate and as such is now considered the 'gold standard'. Leptin is a hormone produced by adipocytes, as well as foetal and placental tissues. Leptin is associated with energy homoeostasis. Measurement of cord leptin may also provide better evidence of poor neonatal nutrition than the current standard of assessment of birthweight. Aim: To assess the correlation between cord blood leptin levels and body fat percentage in 1000 consecutive deliveries at a single tertiary centre. Methods: All women giving birth at the tertiary centre were eligible for inclusion during the study period. This is a retrospective analysis of a prospectively collected cohort of all births between 4 July and 29 October 2016. Women were approached in the antenatal period, if possible, or in the postnatal period if they presented in established labour. PeaPod data was obtained within 48 h of birth, except on occasion of neonatal admission to the NICU when a time frame of 72 h after birth was accepted. Neonatal BF% was measured using air displacement plethysmography (PeaPod). Results: Data was obtained from 1002 deliveries. The cohort had a mean maternal age of 32.4 years, mean Body Mass Index (BMI) of 23.8, mean gestation at delivery 39.4 weeks and mean birthweight of 3370 g. There was a significant linear relationship between leptin and neonatal BF% p < 0.001, gestation p < 0.001, birthweight p < 0.001 and BMI p < 0.001. However, regression analysis showed no correlation between leptin and parity, maternal age, gestational diabetes or hypertensive disease. Discussion: It is suitable to use leptin as a surrogate for the PeaPod BF% measurement in circumstances where it is not appropriate to place the infant in the PeaPod or to give a more complete clinical picture. Measurement of cord leptin may also provide better evidence of poor neonatal nutrition than the current standard of assessment of birthweight.
Congenital arhinia – First published case in Malaysia; Congenital arhinia is one of the rare craniofacial malformation that may cause severe respiratory distress at birth due to upper airway obstruction. Our patient, whose abnormalities were only detected after delivery in our centre, is the first reported case of congenital arhinia in Malaysia. Contrary to popular belief that neonates are obligate nasal breather, our patient adapted well to breathing through mouth before an elective tracheostomy was performed on day four of life.
ESICON 2017 Abstracts; The proceedings contain 205 papers. The topics discussed include: optimizing the clonidine stimulation test; neonatal diabetes insipidus secondary to ventriculitis treated with thiazide diuretics; screening for MEN1, AIP and GNAS1 gene variations in anterior pituitary adenoma cases without family history; efficacy and safety of liraglutide versus insulin for glycemic control in intensive care unit: a randomized, open-label, clinical study; glycometabolic profile in type 2 diabetic patients with erectile dysfunction; prevalence of maturity onset diabetes of young associated mutations in patients with young onset diabetes and significant family history; effect of parental history of diabetes on markers of inflammation, insulin resistance and atherosclerosis in first degree relatives of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; effect of canagliflozin on liver function tests in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and presumed liver fibrosis suggestive of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis; changes in lipid profile in pregnancy and its impact on the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus and neonatal birth weight; to study the distribution of glucose tolerance among women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus by IADPSG criteria and their spouses; non alcoholic fatty liver disease, insulin resistance and proatherogenic lipid profile in paediatric patients on antiepileptic treatment; performance of novel surrogate index of insulin resistance [20/(FCP × FPG)] in low and normal birth weight cohorts: a hyperinsulinemic euglycemic clamp data from south India; supplemental DHA on a n-6 PUFA diet lowers oxidative stress but cannot protect against cell death in STZ-diabetic rat hearts; and real-world persistence and HbA1c goal attainment in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients initiated on canagliflozin or a glucagon-like peptide-1.
Ketosis-prone diabetes and SLE co-presenting in an African lady with previous gestational diabetes; We describe the case of an African woman who was diagnosed with ketosis-prone diabetes with diabetes-associated autoantibodies, after being admitted for diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) precipitated by her first presentation of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). She had a seven-year history of recurrent gestational diabetes (GDM) not requiring insulin therapy, with return to normoglycaemia after each pregnancy. This might have suggested that she had now developed type 2 diabetes (T2D). However, the diagnosis of SLE prompted testing for an autoimmune aetiology for the diabetes, and she was found to have a very high titre of GAD antibodies. Typical type 1 diabetes (T1D) was thought unlikely due to the long preceding history of GDM. Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) was considered, but ruled out as she required insulin therapy from diagnosis. The challenge of identifying the type of diabetes when clinical features overlap the various diabetes categories is discussed. This is the first report of autoimmune ketosis-prone diabetes (KPD) presenting with new onset of SLE.
Stable ischemic heart disease in women: Current perspectives; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in women accounting for 1 in every 4 female deaths. Pathophysiology of ischemic heart disease in women includes epicardial coronary artery, endothelial dysfunction, coronary vasospasm, plaque erosion and spontaneous coronary artery dissection. Angina is the most common presentation of stable ischemic heart disease (SIHD) in women. Risk factors for SIHD include traditional risks such as older age, obesity (body mass index [BMI].25<kg/m2), smoking, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disease, sedentary lifestyle, family history of premature coronary artery disease, metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus, and nontraditional risk factors, such as gestational diabetes, insulin resistance/polycystic ovarian disease, pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, menopause, mental stress and autoimmune diseases. Diagnostic testing can be used effectively to risk stratify women. Guidelines-directed medical therapy including aspirin, statins, beta-blocker therapy, calcium channel blockers and ranolazine should be instituted for symptom and ischemia management. Despite robust evidence regarding the adverse outcomes seen in women with ischemic heart disease, knowledge gaps exist in several areas. Future research needs to be directed toward a greater understanding of the role of nontraditional risk factors for SIHD in women, gaining deeper insights into the sex differences in therapeutic effects and formulating a sex-specific algorithm for the management of SIHD in women.
Guideline for diagnosis and treatment of infertility in advanced age women (revised edition); As more and more couples postpone their childbearing plan, and Chinese two-child policy is fully liberalized, the proportion of advanced-age parents gradually increases. However, ovarian function gradually descends with age, and the incidences of uterine fibroids, scarred uterus, and pelvic inflammation disease significantly increase, which increases the risk of infertility. Even though the advanced-age women successfully get pregnant through assisted reproductive technology (ART), the risks of pregnancy complications and medical and surgical complications (such as miscarriage, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, intrauterine fetal death, low birth weight of newborn, or premature birth) will increase with age. Currently, the consistency of diagnosis and treatment strategies on elderly patients with infertility is still lacking, and the efficacy of the diagnosis and treatment is even worse. In light of the above situations, the specialized committee organized experts of reproductive endocrinology and ART to compose this guideline, aiming for standardizing the process of diagnosis and treatment on advanced-age infertile women. This guideline interprets reproductive status and related fertility evaluation on advanced-age infertile women, and discusses prepregnancy preparation of body and nutrition and consultation, as well as related risk assessment of pregnancy. It also analyzes the current clinical and laboratory hot issues: the genetic characteristics of advanced-age women, evaluation, counseling, and corresponding laboratory screening, diagnostic methods, and operational norms. In addition, for the advanced-age women with high incidence of medical and surgical complications, this guideline gives us norms of diagnosis and treatment on different complications. Finally, strategies of ART are made for the advanced-age infertile women, which can provide basis and guidance for their diagnosis and treatment.
Epidemiological profile and obstetric outcomes of patients with peripartum congestive heart failure in Taiwan: A retrospective nationwide study; Background: During pregnancy, the hyperdynamic physiology of circulation can exacerbate many cardiovascular disorders. Congestive heart failure (CHF) usually occurs during late pregnancy, which is significantly associated with a high level of maternal and neonatal morbidities and mortalities. The profile of women who develop peripartum CHF (PCHF) is unknown. We investigated the epidemiological profiles of PCHF. Methods: In this retrospective cohort study, PCHF patients were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes in Taiwan's National Health Insurance Research Database. Risk factors and obstetric outcomes were compared in women with and without PCHF. Results: From 2,115,873 birth-mothers in Taiwan between 1997 and 2013, we identified 512 with PCHF (incidence: 24.20/105). More women with than without PCHF were older (≥ 35, 18.16% vs. 9.62%), and had more multifetal gestations (7.42% vs. 1.40%), gestational hypertension (HTN) (19.2% vs. 1.31%), and gestational diabetes mellitus (4.10% vs. 0.67%). After the analysis had been adjusted for confounders, the leading comorbidities associated with PCHF were structural heart diseases (adjusted odds ratio [aOR]: 67.21; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 54.29-83.22), pulmonary diseases (aOR: 13.12; 95% CI: 10.28-16.75), chronic HTN (aOR: 11.27; 95% CI: 6.94-18.28), thyroid disease (aOR: 9.53; 95% CI: 5.27-17.23), and gestational HTN (aOR: 5.16; 95% CI: 3.89-6.85). PCHF patients also had a higher rate of cesarean sections (66.41% vs. 34.46%; p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Maternal structural heart diseases, pulmonary diseases, thyroid disorders, and preexisting or gestational HTN are associated with a higher risk of developing PCHF. Birth-mothers with PCHF also had a higher risk of caesarean section and adverse outcomes, including maternal death. Our findings should benefit healthcare providers, and government and health insurance policy makers.
Outcomes and trends of peripartum maternal admission to the intensive care unit; Background: The number of pregnant women with severe comorbidities is increasing. The aim of the present study was to analyze outcomes and determine trends in women who required peripartum admission to the intensive care unit (ICU). Methods: In this retrospective study, we identified all women who were admitted to the ICU between the second trimester of pregnancy and 6 weeks postpartum. Women with ICU admission between 2011 and 2014 were assigned to the study group, whereas those admitted between 1996 and 2003 were assigned to the historical group. Comorbidities, characteristics, outcomes, and treatment efforts were assessed. Descriptive analysis, Fisher’s exact test, unpaired Student’s t-test and one-way ANOVA were performed. Results: We identified 238 cases, including 135 (56.7%) in the study group and 103 (43.3%) in the historical group. In 83 (34.9%) women, deterioration of the pre-existing medical condition was causal for ICU admission. Overall, preterm delivery and mean gestational age were 81.5% and 31.6 ± 6.2 weeks, respectively. In comparison to the historical group, women of the study group were older (p = 0.005), more frequently presented with multiple comorbidities (p = 0.003), pre-existing conditions (p < 0.001), and congenital heart disease (p = 0.012). Moreover, they had a shorter length of stay at the ICU than those of the historical group (p = 0.02). Conclusions: Peripartum ICU admissions are increasing in frequency. As maternal characteristics are changing, adequate risk stratification with multidisciplinary care are essential, and access to intermediate care units would be preferable for patients with short-term admission.
Risk Factors for Intrapartum Fever in Term Gestations and Associated Maternal and Neonatal Sequelae; Aim: To determine factors associated with intrapartum fever and to examine associated maternal and neonatal outcomes. Methods: Retrospective study of patients between 360/7 and 420/7 gestational weeks who entered spontaneous or induced active labor and developed temperature ≥38°C; a similar group that did not develop fever were controls. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed with p < 0.05 as significant. Results: Fifty-four febrile patients and 306 nonfebrile controls met inclusion criteria. Nulligravidity (45.8 vs. 77.8%, p < 0.001), length of first stage ≥720 min (OR 3.59, 95% CI 1.97-6.55, p < 0.001), length of second stage ≥120 min (OR 4.76, 95% CI 2.29-9.89, p < 0.001), membrane rupture ≥240 min (46.4 vs. 79.6%, p < 0.001), increasing number of vaginal exams (4 vs. 6, p < 0.001), oxytocin (44.8 vs. 63.0%, p = 0.014), and meperidine (14.7 vs. 35.2%, p < 0.001) were all associated with intrapartum fever. Associated morbidity included cesarean delivery (22.5 vs. 44.4%, p = 0.001), Apgar score <7 at 5 min (0.7 vs. 5.6%, p = 0.011), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (9.5 vs. 51.9%, p < 0.001). Conclusion: We have identified several noninfectious factors that are associated with intrapartum fever. Modification of risk factors may improve both maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Somatic support following cardiac arrest for 90 days leading to a healthy baby boy: A case report; Due to a lack of published case reports regarding the somatic support of brain dead pregnant patients, each one adds to the limited knowledge that directs care for this patient population. A young woman experienced a cardiac arrest and was subsequently determined to be approximately 20 weeks pregnant following cardio pulmonary resuscitation. Soon after, she was diagnosed as brain dead, but her family chose to keep her supported in hopes of the delivery of a healthy child. She was transferred to our facility, where she was supported after being diagnosed as brain dead for a total of 90 days and delivered a healthy baby boy at almost 32 weeks gestational age. Following delivery, the pregnant patient expired per brain death protocol. The following case report outlines the details of her care and the outcome of our somatic support to share and collaborate with other healthcare professionals caring for this rare patient population.
Role of GAB1/PI3K/AKT signaling high glucose-induced cardiomyocyte apoptosis; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for abnormal heart development. Previous work showed that a decrease of myocardial cells and an increase of apoptotic cells leading to heart defects under hyperglycemia, and many genes and protein have been found to play important roles in cardiomyocyte apoptosis. However, there are still many blind nodes in HG-induced cardiac apoptosis. Our study showed that down-regulation of GAB1 occurred concurrently with HG-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis and in the heart tissues of offspring of diabetic rats in vitro and in vivo. MTT and apoptosis assay showed GAB1 played a key role in mediating HG-induced apoptosis of cardiomyocytes. Down-regulation of XIAP and increased activities of Caspase3/7 was associated with GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG treatment. Further study showed that the phosphorylation levels of AKT (Ser473) decreased after HG treatment. Over-expression of GAB1 resisted the reduction in AKT phosphorylation in response to HG. LY294002, which is an effective inhibitor of the PI3 K/AKT signaling pathway, partly inhibited GAB1 to suppress apoptosis induced by HG in cardiomyocytes, and partly suppressed GAB1 to resist the decrease of XIAP in response to HG, indicating AKT signaling, XIAP, and Caspase3/7 participated in GAB1-mediated cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to HG. Generally, we demonstrate a novel role of GAB1 and its down-stream signaling PI3 K/AKT for modulating cardiomyocyte apoptosis in response to high glucose in vitro and vivo.
Cigarette Smoking, Diabetes, and Diabetes Complications: Call for Urgent Action; Purpose of Review: This review aimed to examine the latest evidence linking cigarette smoking and cessation to risk of incident diabetes and its complications. Recent Findings: Abundant evidence has demonstrated that smoking is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among diabetic patients, while its relationship with microvascular complications is more limited to diabetic nephropathy and neuropathy in type 1 diabetes. In addition, diabetes risk remains high in the short term after smoking cessation, while it reduces gradually in the long term. Risk of cardiovascular complications also substantially decreases after quitting smoking, but results for microvascular complications are not consistent. Summary: Smoking is associated with increased risks of incident diabetes in the general population and cardiovascular complications among diabetic patients. Although the short-term post-cessation diabetes risk needs to be acknowledged, this review calls for urgent action to implement population-wide policies and individual pharmaceutical and lifestyle interventions (if evidence accumulated in future) to aid smoking cessation and prevent diabetes and its complications.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy is associated with increased uric acid concentrations: A population based study; Background Peri-partum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a clinical heart failure that usually develops during the final stage of pregnancy or the first months following delivery. High maternal serum uric acid concentrations have been previous associated with heart failure and preeclampsia. Objectives 1) To explored the clinical characteristics of PPCM patients; and 2) to determine the association between maternal serum uric acid concentrations and PPCM. Methods This is a retrospective population based case control study. Cases and controls were matched 1:4 (for gestational age, medical history of cardiac conditions and creatinine); conditional logistic regression was used to identify clinical parameters that were associated with PPCM. Results The prevalence of peripartum cardiomyopathy at our institution was 1–3832 deliveries (42/160,964). In a matched multivariate analysis high maternal serum uric acid concentrations were associated with PPCM (O.R 1.336, 95% C.I 1.003–1.778). Uric acid concentrations were higher within the Non-Jewish patients and mothers of male infant with PPCM in compare to those without PPCM (p value 0.003 and 0.01 respectively). Conclusion PPCM patients had increased maternal serum uric acid concentrations. This observation aligns with previous report regarding the increased uric acid concentration in women with preeclampsia and congestive heart failure, suggestive of a common underlying mechanism that mediates the myocardial damage.
Metformin for diabetes prevention: insights gained from the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study; The largest and longest clinical trial of metformin for the prevention of diabetes is the Diabetes Prevention Program/Diabetes Prevention Program Outcomes Study (DPP/DPPOS). In this review, we summarise data from the DPP/DPPOS, focusing on metformin for diabetes prevention, as well as its long-term glycaemic and cardiometabolic effects and safety in people at high-risk of developing diabetes. The DPP (1996–2001) was a RCT of 3234 adults who, at baseline, were at high-risk of developing diabetes. Participants were assigned to masked placebo (n = 1082) or metformin (n = 1073) 850 mg twice daily, or intensive lifestyle intervention (n = 1079). The masked metformin/placebo intervention phase ended approximately 1 year ahead of schedule because of demonstrated efficacy. Primary outcome was reported at 2.8 years. At the end of the DPP, all participants were offered lifestyle education and 88% (n = 2776) of the surviving DPP cohort continued follow-up in the DPPOS. Participants originally assigned to metformin continued to receive metformin, unmasked. The DPP/DPPOS cohort has now been followed for over 15 years with prospective assessment of glycaemic, cardiometabolic, health economic and safety outcomes. After an average follow-up of 2.8 years, metformin reduced the incidence of diabetes by 31% compared with placebo, with a greater effect in those who were more obese, had a higher fasting glucose or a history of gestational diabetes. The DPPOS addressed the longer-term effects of metformin, showing a risk reduction of 18% over 10 and 15 years post-randomisation. Metformin treatment for diabetes prevention was estimated to be cost-saving. At 15 years, lack of progression to diabetes was associated with a 28% lower risk of microvascular complications across treatment arms, a reduction that was no different among treatment groups. Recent findings suggest metformin may reduce atherosclerosis development in men. Originally used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, metformin, now proven to prevent or delay diabetes, may serve as an important tool in battling the growing diabetes epidemic. Long-term follow-up, currently underway in the DPP/DPPOS, is now evaluating metformin’s potential role, when started early in the spectrum of dysglycaemia, on later-stage comorbidities, including cardiovascular disease and cancer. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00038727 and NCT00004992.
Maternal and Infant Outcomes after Human Papillomavirus Vaccination in the Periconceptional Period or during Pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine (4vHPV) administered during the periconceptional period or during pregnancy was associated with increased risks for adverse obstetric events, adverse birth outcomes, or selected major structural birth defects. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective, observational cohort study using administrative and health care data from the Vaccine Safety Datalink. Insured women 13-27 years old with singleton pregnancies and a live birth from January 1, 2007, through September 1, 2013, who received 4vHPV during the periconceptional period (2 weeks before to 2 weeks after their last menstrual period), during pregnancy, or during both periods combined were compared with women who had a live birth during the same time period and received 4vHPV 4-18 months before their last menstrual period. We examined risks of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, chorioamnionitis, preterm birth, small-for-gestational-age birth, and selected major structural birth defects in offspring. We estimated relative risks associated with receipt of 4vHPV during the periconceptional period, during pregnancy, and both exposure periods combined using a generalized linear model with Poisson distribution including a propensity score that included relevant maternal demographic and pregnancy characteristics. RESULTS: Of 92,579 potentially eligible pregnant women, 720 received 4vHPV during the periconceptional period, 638 received 4vHPV during pregnancy, and 8,196 received 4vHPV during the comparison period. Administration of 4vHPV during pregnancy was not associated with increased risk of adverse obstetric events, birth outcomes. Preterm birth occurred in 7.9% of pregnancies with vaccine exposures during pregnancy compared with 7.6% of pregnancies with vaccination in the comparison period (adjusted relative risk 0.97, 95% CI 0.72-1.3). Major structural birth defects were diagnosed in 2.0% of pregnancies with vaccine exposure during pregnancy compared with 1.8% of pregnancies with vaccine exposure during the comparison period (adjusted prevalence ratio 1.0, 95% CI 0.52-1.9). Results were similar for 4vHPV exposure during the periconceptional period. CONCLUSION: Quadrivalent HPV vaccine inadvertently administered in pregnancy or during the periconceptional period was not associated with adverse pregnancy or birth outcomes.
Coronary artery disease or history of stroke triples the odds of having diabetes; Background and aims: Current estimates show that at least a third of people with diabetes are unaware of their disease. Unfortunately, still too often diabetes is found as late as at the occurring of acute myocardial infarction or stroke. We hypothesized that in general population the history of coronary artery disease (CAD) or stroke are significant risk factors for diagnosing diabetes. Materials and methods: In 2014-2015 we conducted a primary care physician (PCP)-based nationwide screening programme aiming at identifying individuals with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. 561 PCPs enrolled 21,726 subjects. No earlier diagnosis of diabetes or prediabetes and the presence of at least one risk factor (age>45 yrs, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, presence of fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, CAD, peripheral artery disease, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, history of stroke, gestational diabetes or having a child of birth weight >4 kg, BMI>25 kg/m2 or waist circumference >80 cm [women] or 94 cm [men]) were inclusion criteria. All individuals underwent fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement, and if it exceeded 125 mg/dl, second FPG measurement was conducted. The subjects with first FPG measurement 100-125mg/dl had an oral 75 g glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed. Results: Diabetes was diagnosed in 4,221 (19.4%) subjects, and having had a stroke or CAD tripled the risk for having diabetes, and their effect was greater than that of abdominal obesity, fatty liver disease or lifestyle or family history of diabetes (Table 1). Conclusion: In conclusion, non diabetes subjects with coronary artery disease or history of stroke are at high risk of having diabetes and should be actively screened towards it.
Life years lost and cardiovascular risk in type 2 diabetes patients requiring glucose-lowering treatment 2008-2015: Nationwide data from Norway and Sweden; Background and aims: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) carries severe long term consequences for the patient by shortening life expectancy and increasing risk of cardiovascular (CV) disease. Considering recent T2D treatment strategies, it is vital to fill the lack of current data on changes in patient related disease consequences. The aim was to examine life-years lost and age-adjusted rate ratios of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke and all-cause mortality (ACM) in Norway and Sweden, two neighbouring countries with similar health care systems. Materials and methods: All patients dispensed with glucose lowering drugs (GLDs) during 2008-2015 were identified in nationwide registries in Norway and Sweden. Patients aged <18 years, and those with polycystic ovarian syndrome, type 1- or gestational diabetes were excluded. Life-years lost was estimated by age calculating the difference between life expectancy in a general population vs the T2D population. Rate ratios were calculated by comparing age adjusted rates in the T2D population with rates in the corresponding general population. Results: In Norway and Sweden, 604,936 T2D patients were identified in 2015. In 2015, younger patients lost more life years and results were similar in both countries (figure, upper panels). In Sweden, women had a slightly higher life-year loss compared to men, while no gender differences were seen in Norway. With increasing age, life-years lost showed a linear decrease up to 80 years of age. In 2015, age adjusted rate ratios were 1.72, 1.41 and 1.17 for MI, stroke and ACM, respectively (figure, lower panels). The rate ratios for MI, stroke and ACM showed small but non-significant changes over time in both countries, except for slight increase for MI in Norway. Conclusion: T2D patients on glucose lowering drugs and in the age of 40 years, are expected to have about 5 years shorter life expectancy than the general population in Norway and Sweden. The frequency of severe CV complications showed similar patterns over time in the two countries. These nationwide results highlight the importance to prevent diabetes development at early ages and improve CV prevention when T2D is present. (Figure Presented).
The effect of maternal gestational diabetes and hba1c on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy of infants; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes is increasing among pregnant women. It is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease, including hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of maternal diabetes control (based on HbA1c) on their hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in newborns. Methods: This case-control study was performed on 60 neonates born in Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman University of Medical Sciences) from May to November 2014 in two groups of eligible infants using the convenience sampling method. Information about the age, sex, weight, gestational age, maternal age, obstetric history, gestational diabetes through the checklist were collected. Then Doppler echocardiography, MMode, Doppler tissue was conducted on two groups. Echocardiographic criteria including ventricular septal thickness and blood HbA1c mothers in both groups were compared. To compare quantitative and qualitative variables between the two groups' Independent samples t-test and Chi-square test was used. A significant level of 0.05 was considered in all of the statistical samples and SPSS software, ver. 20 (IBM, Armonk, NY, USA) was used to analyze the data. Results: In this study, the birth weight of infants and the age of mothers did not differ between two groups (Respectively P=0.56, P=0.08) However, HbA1c was significantly higher in the infants of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance test (GTT) (P<0.001). In infants of mothers with impaired GTT, ventricular septal thickness was significantly higher than the healthy controls (P=0.03), Also there was a significant difference between two groups in tissue Doppler criteria (Ea) (P=0.04), In other echocardiographic criteria, no significant differences were reported (The LA/AO, LVPWT, LVEF, LVEF, LVFS, LVFS, LVEDd, LVESd, Sa and Aa, All P-values were ≥ 0.05). Conclusion: Diabetes mellitus of mothers causes several complications in their infants. The prevalence of cardiomyopathy hypertrophy is higher in babies whose mothers have higher levels of HbA1c and a sign of poor control of blodd glucose level during pregnancy.
Mixed rheumatic mitral valve disease: An unexpected obstetric diagnosis; Description The following case documents a 27-year-old Caucasian primigravida who developed postpartum pulmonary oedema leading to a new diagnosis of mitral valve dysfunction secondary to undiagnosed rheumatic heart disease. She presented at 39 + 4 weeks with spontaneous rupture of membranes and a background of gestational diabetes but no other reported medical or travel history. Induction of labour was commenced and an epidural sited for labour analgesia. Her induction was unsuccessful and she underwent an uneventful category 2 caesarean section performed under epidural top up. In the postpartum period she became increasingly tachycardic and hypoxic leading to a working diagnosis of pulmonary embolism. While awaiting CT pulmonary angiography she became oliguric and further fluid was administered. She deteriorated significantly exhibiting signs of respiratory distress and clinically in fulminant pulmonary oedema, for which she was treated and transferred urgently to coronary care. Transthoracic echocardiogram revealed moderate mitral stenosis and moderate to severe mitral regurgitation with rheumatic appearances. She was discharged 5 days later following medical therapy and has remained clinically well although symptomatically diuretic dependent. On the advice of the cardiologists she is being worked up for a tissue prosthesis valve replacement as a risk vs. benefit to facilitate her having more children. On review of her medical notes she had suffered with episodes of fever and painful swollen knees as a child where rheumatic fever was considered as a differential but not diagnosed. Discussion Valvular pathology is rare and often the symptoms of normal pregnancy are similar to those of cardiac decompensation [1]. The normal haemodynamic changes during pregnancy, labour and delivery increase cardiac work and can lead to pulmonary oedema and cardiac failure in patients with mitral valve disease [1]. Pulmonary embolism was a leading cause of maternal death in the UK [2]. Heart disease and valvular pathology complicates < 1% of pregnancies, with rheumatic heart disease being the most common acquired cause in developing countries [3]. This atypical presentation in a predominantly asymptomatic pregnancy with no overt risk factors for rheumatic heart disease ultimately led to initial misdiagnosis and mismanagement. Both mother and baby had a good outcome despite there being an increase in morbidity and mortality in this cohort [1].
Can we predict severity of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy using inflammatory markers?; Objective: To investigate the association of inflammatory markers with severity of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Materials and Methods: This retrospective case-control study was conducted with 229 pregnant women, 84 with ICP, and 145 age-matched healthy pregnant women. Patients were categorized as mild ICP (<40 µmol/L) and severe ICP (≥40 µmol/L) with regard to serum bile acids. Inflammatory markers (neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio (NLR), platelet-to- lymphocyte ratio (PLR) and mean platelet volume (MPV), and red blood cell distribution width (RDW) were compared between the groups. Results: Patients with ICP had significantly decreased RDW and increased white blood cell counts (WBC), MPV and PLR, but no significant changes in NLR. The comparison of mild and severe cases with regard to NLR, PLR, WBC, and RDW was similar (p>0.05). MPV levels were significantly increased in severe group (p<0.05). Conclusion: WBC, MPV, and PLR were the inflammatory markers significantly increased, and RDW was signifantly reduced in ICP. MPV was the marker that significantly increased with the severity of disease. The use of inflammatory markers in the assessment of perinatal outcomes needs further studies.
Food exchange list and dietary management of non-communicable diseases in cultural perspective; This review focuses at highlighting the importance of Food Exchange List in cultural perspective, as an effective dietary tool to help individuals’ manage their dietary modifications in relation to non communicable diseases whilst specifying measures that can help improve the quality of Food Exchange Lists for combating various non communicable diseases and addressing adherence related issues to specialized diets. A search was done using PubMed & Google Scholar till June 2016. Search terms used were food exchange list AND disease, diet AND non-communicable diseases. We included only studies that discussed Food Exchange List (FEL) in relation to non-communicable diseases; in addition to factors like cultural relevance and adherence. Out of the 837 papers accessed 57 were identified as relevant to the Food Exchange List, out of which 39 papers were focused to the concept and development of the Food Exchange List. Only 18 discussed FEL in relation to non communicable diseases and were thus included in the review. Food exchange list is a user friendly tool for dietary modification due to disease. This tool may help to customize meals for people as it provides information regarding various food items in different groups. This tool is helpful in reducing blood & plasma glucose levels, maintaining lipid profile & effectively combating other diet related diseases & those ailments in which diet plays a significant role in maintenance & prevention from reoccurrences. However, better management and adherence to modified diets for non communicable diseases can be ensured by keeping cultural relevance under consideration before using Food Exchange Lists for such diseases.
Vasospasms and thromboembolism in neonate; ∗Cause: usually occur with indwelling arterial or sometime venous catheters. More commonly umbilical & less common with peripheral line. Neonates are at a high risk because of their : A: immature hemostatic system, B: smaller vessel size Vasospasm commonly occur in arterial catheterization but thromboembolism common with venous catheterization. ∗most medications if given too rapidly can cause vasospasms. ∗risk factors : A) Maternal: 1) Autoimmune disorder, 2) PROM, 3) Diabetes, 4) Preeclampsia, 5) Oligohydramnios, 6) Prothrombotic disorder, 7) Chorioamnionitis, 8) familial history of thrombosis, 9) anti-phospholipid or anti-cardiolipin Ab B) Delivery: 1) Instrumentation, 2) Fetal heart rate abnormality, 3) C/S Emergency, 4) Traumatic delivery C) Neonate : 1) C.A.C (central arterial catheter)is the most common risk factor, 2) Central venous catheters, 3) Congenital heart disease, 4) Asphyxia, 5) Sepsis, 6) SGA & IUGR, 7) RDS, 8) NEC, 9) Polycytemia, 10) PPHN, 11) Dehydration, 12) Congenital Nephrotic syndrome, 13) DIC, 14) Impaired liver function, 15) low cardiac output & hypotention, 16) Prothrombotic disorder (protein C & S deficiency, factor V leiden mutation, antithrombin deficiency, elevation of lipoprotein A level & other things like impaired liver function.) A) Vasospasm: Due to muscular contraction it is commonly arterial 1. catheter, 2. injection of medication, 3. sampling I. Less severe vasospasm: Involves a small area of one or both legs (usually some of the toes and parts of the foot or hand) ∗ in this type : skin has a mottled appearance & pulses are present but diminished. II. severe vasospasm: Involves large area of one or both extremity and sometime progresses to buttocks and abdomen. ∗ in this type: skin maybe completely white -Perfusion decreased -Pulses of affected extremity are week but detectable B) thromboembolism: arterial, Venous, Thrombus is a blood clot formation Embolus is a clot that is mobile∗Thromboembolism: Catheter related (Iatrogen), Spontaneous (non-catheter related) Thromboembolism also can be: 1. acquired : Deficiencies of protein C & S anti thrombin III with sepsis or Ab transfer from placenta like anti phospholipid -lupus anticoagulant and anti-cardiolipin, 2. inherited: Deficiencies of protein C & S - anti-thrombin III - factor V leiden - homocystinemia, elevated lipoprotein - dysplasminogenemias Arterial thrombosis is a medical emergency in which pulse usually are completely absent & persistent bacteremia & thrombocytopenia may be associated with thrombosis Venous thrombosis : More common and it's first sign is catheter dysfunction Extremities are swollen - cyanotic -hyperemic and discolored with distended superficial veins but renal vein thrombosis is most common type of spontaneous venous thrombosis Triad: 1.macroscopic hematuria 2.Thrombocytopenia 3.Palpable abdominal (flank) mass. Other finding: HTN- proteinuria- renal dysfunction -(70% bilateral 65% left) risk factors : asphyxia - dehydration- prematurity- maternal diabetes & others. Laboratory studies: Not usually needed for vasospasm but in suspected thromboembolism following studies should be done: 1.Coagulation profile : PT, PTT, TT, Plasma fibrinogen concentration. 2.Hb & HCT 3.Platelate count & function (BT) 4.CMV workup 5.workup for thrombotic disorder (Protein C & S & anti-thrombin III - factor V leiden & antiphospholipid & cardiolipin Ab Imaging: 1. Plain radiograph of the abdomen (for catheter placement) 2.ultrasound (Doppler flow) for thrombosis(also evaluate Brain & kidney sonography) 3.Contrast angiography (gold standard) arterial Venous 4.magnetic resonance (MR)angiograph arterial Venous Is done in some centers especially for suspected stroke. Some general recommendations for Prophylaxy: 1. Small catheters should be used, 2. heparin is used for patency of peripheral and central Arterial catheter 25-200 u/kg/d(0.5unit/ml)concentration, 3. heparin is not used in peripheral venous line, 4. in central venous and PICC sometimes Heparin is recommended, 5. Umblical line Should be removed as soon as possible ; arterial line should not be in place longer than 5 days and venous line not longer than 14 days. 6. PICC line has lower incidence of thrombosis. 7. Use peripheral line over umblical line. Management: A)Vasospasm: Guide lines vary extensively 1. If possible remove the catheter, 2.Warming the contra lateral extremity wrapping of unaffected extremity should cause reflex vasodilation of the affected vessels. continue it for 15-30 min. 3.Gentle massage at the Site of occlusion), 4. Topical nitroglycerin therapy (2%ointment)4 mm/kg every 8 hours for (2-27 day) improvement usually seen within 15-45 min. 5. If it is not possible to remove the catheter (it is the only line) consider papaverin 60 mg/500cc/N/s with 0/1unit/ml heparin continuous for 48 hr if vasospasm persist removed catheter. 7. lidocaine (controversial) 2mg/kg/hr, 8. morphine, 9. surgery (sympathectomy) B) thromboembolism: If suspected & there is loss of pulses in the affected extremity it is a medical emergency : management is controversial & most common treatment are observation. Treatment depends on the extent & severity of the thrombosis. I) mild or minor thrombosis: decreased limb perfusion hypertension and hematuria 1.revmoval of the catheter, 2.Supportive care, 3. close sonographic follow up ∗ many resolved Spontaneously II) moderate thrombosis : All of the above + oliguria and CHF 1.Systemic heparin therapy, 2.management of systemic hypertension & heart failure III) major thrombosis : All of above + multi organ failure 1.Systemic heparin therapy, 2.anti thrombolytic therapy, 3.Supportive care ∗ ∗ Supportive care∗ ∗ 1.prompt removal of the catheter, 2.treatment of volume depletion- Electrolyte abnormality - Sepsis - Thrombocytopenia - anemia, 3.Emergency consultant with surgeon & hematologist, 4.Evaluate for IVH, 5.Rule out contraindication of anticoagulant & thrombolytic therapy (surgery & asphyxia in the last 10 days) - severe coagulation deficiency - platelate under 50000 - fibrinogen under 100 mg/dl - INR>2 ∗ ∗Heparin therapy∗ ∗ load 50-75 u /kg/IV/over 10 min then 20-28 u/kg/hr maintenance for 5-14 days - adjust PTT 4 hours after initiation & after each dosing change target PTT (60-85 sec) if PTT> 96sec hold heparin 30-60 min then start with lower infusion rate (protamine) -warfarin is not recommended in neonate ∗ ∗Thrombolytic drugs∗ ∗ with extensive & life threatening thrombosis - (right atrial thrombosis & limb loss or organ damage) treatment is controversial ∗When using thrombolytic therapy maintain plat > 50000 & fibrinogen >100mg/dl ∗monitor PT/INR - PTT, fibrinogen every 4 hours A) recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (tpA) (Alteplase) Drug of choice 0/1-0/6 mg/kg/hr/for 6 hours (may need FFP to be used prior) B) strepotokinase : 2000 u/kg/IV over 30-60 min 1000-2000 U/Kg/hr / for 6-12 hours C) Urokinase : 4400 U/kg/stat bolus over 10 min then 4400 U/kg /hr 6-12 hours D) newer agent (bivalirudin - argatroban) These are direct inhibitors of thrombin that may be used E) Surgery (thrombectomy & microvascular reconstruction).
What do Cochrane systematic reviews say about interventions for vitamin D supplementation?; CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Despite the high prevalence of vitamin D supplementation, its use remains controversial. The objective of this review was to identify and summarize the evidence from Cochrane systematic reviews regarding vitamin D supplementation for preventing or treating any clinical condition. DESIGN AND SETTING: Review of systematic reviews, conducted in the Discipline of Evidence-Based Medicine, Escola Paulista de Medicina, Universidade Federal de São Paulo. METHODS: A search was conducted to identify all Cochrane systematic reviews that fulfilled the inclusion criteria. Titles and abstracts were screened by two authors. RESULTS: We included 27 Cochrane systematic reviews: 10 assessing use of vitamin D for prevention and 17 for treatment. The reviews found moderate to high quality of evidence regarding the benefit of vitamin D for pregnant women (prevention of adverse events: preterm birth risk [rate ratio, RR 0.36; 95% confidence interval, CI 0.14 to 0.93] and low birthweight risk [RR 0.40; 95% CI 0.24 to 0.67]) and for asthma patients (reduction of severe exacerbations [RR 0.63; 95% CI 0.45 to 0.88]). No benefit was found regarding vitamin D supplementation alone (without calcium) for preventing hip or any new fracture. For all other outcomes assessed under various conditions, the current quality of evidence is low or unknown, and therefore insufficient for any recommendation. CONCLUSION: Based on moderate to high quality of evidence, the Cochrane systematic reviews included here showed that there were some benefits from vitamin D supplementation for pregnant women and asthma patients and no benefits for preventing fractures.
Section on Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery Full Abstracts from the AAP National Conference and Exhibition; The proceedings contain 61 papers. The topics discussed include: perception scores of siblings and parents of children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome; aortic stiffness and cardiac function in pediatric and young adult patients with familial hypercholesterolemia assessed by MRI; effects of an anticoagulation protocol on the incidence of bleeding and thrombosis in postoperative infants in the cardiac intensive care unit; association between furosemide exposure and patent ductus arteriosus in hospitalized very low birth weight infants; maturational patterns of right ventricular function differ in preterm infants compared to term infants over the first year of age; clinical impact of a novel patch ambulatory rhythm monitor in children; health care-associated infections are associated with increased length of stay and cost but not mortality in children undergoing cardiac surgery; newborn screening for critical congenital heart disease: is it time to change the algorithm?; quality of life in pediatric patients after cone reconstruction for Ebstein anomaly; and infants of diabetic mothers have altered arterial stiffness from birth.
Infants of diabetic mothers have altered arterial stiffness from birth; Background: Children born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (MDM) are known to have higher systolic blood pressures. Experimental data suggests a role for in utero metabolic alterations in fetal cardiovascular programming. The main hypothesis of this study is that fetal programming causes alterations in aortic stiffness. Alteration in aortic stiffness plays a role in hypertension. Arterial stiffness can be reasonably measured in adults using pulse wave velocity (PWV). Purpose: This prospective pilot study explores the hypothesis by comparing the elastic properties of the aorta/arterial stiffness in neonates and infants of MDM after establishing normative data using PWV. Methods: Neonates born to MDM (NMDM) and without any systemic disease (controls-NC) were prospectively recruited. After maternal informed consent, blinded echocardiograms and ten spectral PW Doppler waveforms were performed in the right (R) common carotid artery in the neck and R femoral artery in the groin at same heart rates using 12MHz transducer. The time delay between the foot of the waveform at the two sites was obtained by gating to the peak of the R wave on the electrocardiogram (t). Average of 10 recordings was used (t). The distance (d) traveled by the waveform was calculated by subtracting the distance between the second intercostal space and the sampling site on the carotid artery from the sum of second intercostal space to the inferior edge of the umbilicus and inferior edge of the umbilicus to the sampling site on the right femoral artery. Aortic PWV was calculated as the ratio of d & t. Serial measurements were performed at birth, 1 week and 1 month after birth. Statistical comparisons were made using Student's t test and regression analysis was performed to determine the best fit for PWV in NMDM and NC. Results: Echo and PWV assessments were performed serially on 6 NMDM and 20 NC at 1.760.6, 6.860.8 and at 37.568.1 days. Mean gestation ages6standard deviation (SD) were 39.061.3 weeks with mean birth weight of 3.3560.05 kg and mean length of 49.76 2.5 cm in the entire cohort. Mean maternal Hgb A1c in NMDM was 5.6%. Mean PWV at birth in NMDM was 0.3660.07, this increased to 0.5660.6 by 1 month (PWV5 0.34810.007∗days of life, R50.71, p10.12, this increased to 0.5560.03 by 1 month postnatal age (PWV50.4406110.003∗days of life, R50.42, P<0.05). Conclusion: Arterial stiffness in NMDM is different at birth than NC and changes rapidly after birth. Longitudinal follow-up is required to evaluate if these effects persist beyond neonatal period. It is feasible to assess PWV using ultrasound in neonates.
ECMO management of infants of diabetic mother with persistent pulmonary hypertension of newborn (PPHN) and obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy-a case series; Background: Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) is currently the standard of care for neonates to manage cardiopulmonary failure refractory to medical therapy. Abnormal glucose control is present in 3-10% of all pregnancies in the United States. Infants of diabetic mother (IDM) present with wide spectrum of congenital anomalies. They often develop respiratory problems which need to be differentiated from the cardiovascular problems they are prone to have, namely structural congenital heart defect and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and from cardiovascular maladaptation to extra-uterine life. ECMO has been used as an adjunct therapy in these infants while concurrently treating hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Apart from individual case reports, there are no set guidelines on management of IDM infants with HCM and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (LVOT) requiring ECMO. Objective: Present a single center case series of four IDM neonates who presented with PPHN as well as HCM with LVOT obstruction requiring ECMO. Study design: This is a descriptive study, presenting the course of 4 term neonates delivered to mothers with diabetes transferred to the neonatal ICU at Augusta University from April 2016 to present for management of PPHN and circulatory support. All four received ECMO for respiratory and/ or circulatory support. Two received Veno Venous ECMO (VV ECMO) and two received Veno Arterial ECMO (VA ECMO). The shortest run was 4 days and the longest run was 29 days. The common elements in the four cases form the basis of these guidelines. Results: All 4 patients in this series had HCM with septal hypertrophy causing varying degrees of LVOT obstruction. Standard therapy guidelines for PPHN apply including ventilation, nitric oxide, sedation/paralysis. Specific guidelines related to HCM with outflow tract obstruction include: a. Biventricular and septal hypertrophy are expected which can result in diastolic dysfunction and raises risk of circulatory compromise with traditional pressors. Therefore traditional pressors are avoided with preference to dobutamine or milrinone due to reduced chronotropic effect. b. One of the mainstays of therapy is beta blockade. Start Esmolol drip early for heart rate and blood pressure control. Starting from 50 mcg/kg/min to 300 mcg/kg/min. Increase in step wise fashion. c. Esmolol does provide large fluid volume. If high doses of beta blockade is required, can switch to Propranolol as it is longer lasting and smaller volume. d. The degree of left ventricular outflow tract (LVOT) obstruction determines type of ECMO. VA ECMO being preferred when the LVOT obstruction is moderate to severe. e. Start hemodialysis early to maintain acid-base and electrolyte balance. f. Unlike traditional ECMO, maintain euvolemic status. Prevent under filling of ventricles given the cardiac anatomy. g. Multidisciplinary approach involving cardiology, nephrology and pediatric surgery. Conclusions: Recent query of ELSO has revealed only one patient with PPHN and HCM with LVOT obstruction who passed away. To our knowledge this is the first set of guidelines for management of an IDM baby with PPHN and HCM with LVOT obstruction. All four of our patients were successfully weaned from ECMO and discharged home. We acknowledge that this is an observational study and a single center experience.
COMPARING BMI WITH SKINFOLDS TO ESTIMATE AGE AT ADIPOSITY REBOUND AND ITS ASSOCIATIONS WITH LATER CARDIO-METABOLIC RISK MARKERS; Background Adiposity rebound (AR), defined as the lowest point before the second rise in body mass index (BMI), occurs between the ages of 5 and 7. Early age at AR is associated with higher risk of obesity in later life. However, BMI as a measure of adiposity has limitations: first, BMI incorporates both fat and lean mass, second, BMI is calculated from both height and weight. To identify the AR, a direct measure of fat (i.e. skinfold thickness) might be more relevant. We used data from the Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort to compare relative merits of BMI and skinfolds in identifying AR and predicting BMI and cardio-metabolic risk factors at 13.5 years. Methods The cohort was set up in 1997 in Mysore, India, to examine the long-term effects of gestational diabetes on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. Children were followed-up annually until 5 years, and 6-monthly after that for detailed anthropometry. At 13.5 years, 545 children had measurements of cardio-metabolic risk markers. We used nonlinear splines and regression analyses (STATA version 14) to characterise the subject-specific growth of BMI and skinfolds (sum of triceps and subscapular skinfolds) throughout childhood, and to assess the associations between age at AR, BMI and cardio-metabolic risk factors. Results BMI and skinfolds had similar trajectories with both reaching their minimum between 5 and 6 years. Average age at AR was similar between the two measures (5.94 years and 5.73 years respectively), with skinfold-derived AR being characterised by higher variability (standard deviation: 1.47 years and 2.18 years respectively). Later age of BMI-derived AR was associated with lower BMI (-0.89kg/m2; 95% CI: [-1.04,-0.74kg/m2]), fat mass (-1.14 kg; 95% CI:[-1.36,- 0.91 kg]), HOMA-IR (-0.12; 95% CI:[-0.17,-0.07 kg]) and blood pressure (systolic BP:-0.78; 95% CI:[-1.26,-0.31 kg]; diastolic BP: -0.46; 95% CI:[-0.87,-0.04]) at 13.5 years. Similar results were obtained for skinfold-derived AR. Many of the above associations were fully explained by fat mass at 13.5 years. However, the association between skinfold-derived AR and SBP was still significant after adjusting for fat mass (-0.37; 95% CI:[-0.72,-0.01]). Conclusion BMI and skinfolds produced similar estimates of age at adiposity rebound. Associations of AR with BMI and cardio-metabolic risk factors at 13.5 years were comparable regardless of how we derived AR. AR appears to be related to later cardio-metabolic risk markers through its association with fat mass. Skinfolds, as a more direct measure of adiposity than BMI, may be a better method for estimating AR when available.
ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN MATERNAL PREGNANCY, SOCIAL AND LIFESTYLE CHARACTERISTICS AND OFFSPRING BLOOD PRESSURE AT AGE 4/5 IN WHITE BRITISH AND PAKISTANI ORIGIN PARTICIPANTS IN THE BORN IN BRADFORD STUDY; Background South Asians have an increased risk of stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD) compared to white European populations. High blood pressure (BP) is an important risk factor for CHD and higher diastolic BP has previously been reported in both South Asian adults and children. Our aim was to examine whether maternal pregnancy, social and lifestyle characteristics are associated with BP at age 4/5 and contribute to these differences. Methods Born in Bradford is a prospective study of children born to 12 453 mothers between 2007 and 2010 in Bradford, UK. All mothers completed an oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy and provided detailed social and lifestyle data. We present data from 2129 White British and 2528 Pakistani mother/offspring pairs from the Born in Bradford study. Associations of BMI, gestational diabetes (GD), fasting and post load glucose, maternal hypertension (HDP), smoking in pregnancy and maternal education with offspring systolic and diastolic BP at age 4/5 were examined. We adjusted our results for sex and age at BP measurement. Results Pakistani children had lower systolic (mean difference -0.16 95% CI -0.79, 0.47) but higher diastolic (mean difference 1.38 95% CI 0.74, 2.03) compared to White British children. In Pakistani children maternal BMI and HDP were strongly associated with higher systolic and diastolic BP but the effect was minimal and weak in White British children. Associations of maternal glucose and BP were consistent with the null hypothesis in both groups. Smoking and education were not associated with BP in either group. Conclusion Ethnic differences in systolic and diastolic BP are present in children at age 4/5. Consistent with findings in adults, Pakistani origin children have on average lower systolic and higher diastolic BP compared to White British children. Maternal BMI and HDP influence BP in Pakistani children but have minimal effect in White British children. These results suggest a role for some maternal pregnancy and lifestyle exposures in ethnic differences in systolic and diastolic BP at age 4/5.
Therapeutic effect of one-day outpatient on gestational diabetes mellitus patients; OBJECTIVE: To study the effect of one-day outpatient intervention on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients, and to explore the pregnancy outcome relevant to GDM patients and their fetus. Methods: The GDM patients were divided into two groups according to their own intention to the one-day outpatient. According to systematic sampling method, we chose 200 GDM patients from the above 2 groups, respectively. The 200 GDM patients in the control group were matched the observation group with the age and gestational age, then the pregnancy outcome was tracked. Results: The control level and success rate for the two hours blood sugar after breakfast and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in the observation group were better than those in the control group (P<0.001). The maternal complication rate (46.50%) and neonatal complication rate (21.50%) in the observation group were lower than those in the control group (71.50%, 41.50%; P<0.001). The maternal complications rate of fetal distress, premature and the neonatal complications rate of fetal macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (NRDS), low weight, congenital heart disease, neonatal pneumonia, and rate in neonatal NICU were significantly lower than those in the control group (P<0.05). Conclusion: One-day outpatient intervention could control blood sugar effectively, reduce the maternal and neonatal complications. It is worth promoting.
Major determinants of survival and length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit of newborns from women with premature preterm rupture of membranes; Objective: To assess the predictors of outcome in terms of length of stay in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) and survival of neonates from women with preterm premature rupture of membranes (PPROM). Methods: A population-based retrospective study including 331 singleton pregnant women with PPROM at 24–34 gestational weeks between January 2013 and December 2015 was conducted. Gestational age at delivery, birth weight, route of delivery, newborn gender, maternal age, oligohydramnios, premature retinopathy (ROP), necrotising enterocolitis (NEC), sepsis, fetal growth retardation (FGR), intracranial hemorrhagia (ICH), bronchopulmonary dysplasia (BPD), respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), primary pulmonary hypertension (PPH), congenital cardiac disease (CCD), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), use of cortisol (betamethasone) and maternal complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia and chorioamnionitis were used to predict neonatal outcomes in terms of length of stay in the NICU and survival. Results: In linear regression analyses, birth weight, ROP, CCD, BPD, PDA, NEC and preeclampsia were significant confounders for length of stay in the NICU. Among them, birth weight was the most powerful confounder for prolongation of the NICU stay (t: −6.43; p < 0.001). In multivariate logistic regression analyses, birth weight, PDA, ROP and PPH were significantly correlated with neonatal survival. PPH was the most powerful confounder in neonatal survival (β: 7.22; p = 0.005). Conclusion: Prematurity-related complications are the most important problems for which precautions should be taken. Therefore, premature deliveries should be avoided to prevent infection and to prolong the latent period in cases of PPROM in order to decrease prematurity-related outcomes.
Omics in human colostrum and mature milk: Looking to old data with new eyes; Human Milk (HM) is the best source for newborn nutrition until at least six months; it exerts anti-inflammatory and anti-infective functions, promotes immune system formation and supports organ development. Breastfeeding could also protect from obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Furthermore, human colostrum (HC) presents a peculiar role in newborn support as a protective effect against allergic and chronic diseases, in addition to long-term metabolic benefits. In this review, we discuss the recent literature regarding “omics” technologies and growth factors (GF) in HC and the effects of pasteurization on its composition. Our aim was to provide new evidence in terms of transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and microbiomics, also in relation to maternal metabolic diseases and/or fetal anomalies and to underline the functions of GF. Since HC results are so precious, particularly for the vulnerable pre-terms category, we also discuss the importance of HM pasteurization to ensure donated HC even to neonates whose mothers are unable to provide. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first review analyzing in detail the molecular pattern, microbiota, bioactive factors, and dynamic profile of HC, finding clinical correlations of such mediators with their possible in vivo effects and with the consequent impact on neonatal outcomes.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies conceived after preimplantation genetic diagnosis: cohort study and meta-analysis; Preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD) may pose risks to pregnancy outcome owing to the invasiveness of the biopsy procedure. This study compares outcome of singleton and twin clinical pregnancies conceived after fresh embryo transfers of PGD (n = 89) and matched intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) pregnancies (n = 166). The study was carried out in a single university affiliated centre. Because of the paucity of available data, a literature-based meta-analysis of studies comparing neonatal outcome of PGD and ICSI pregnancies was also conducted. In the retrospective cohort study, obstetric and neonatal outcome were available in 67 PGD and 118 ICSI pregnancies. Perinatal outcomes were comparable between PGD and ICSI pregnancies. Meta-analysis revealed similar outcomes, except for higher rate of low birth weight (<2500 g) neonates in ICSI twin pregnancies (RR 0.86, 95% CI 0.74 to 1.0). Mean birth weight, gestational age at birth, pre-term deliveries (<37 weeks) and malformations were all comparable. In this cohort study and subsequent meta-analysis, no association was found between PGD conceived pregnancies and risks of adverse neonatal or obstetrical outcomes compared with ICSI pregnancies. Hence, blastomere biopsy for PGD does not seem to increase the risk for adverse perinatal outcome compared with ICSI pregnancies.
Left lateral table tilt for elective cesarean delivery under spinal anesthesia has no effect on neonatal acid-base status: A randomized controlled trial; Background: Current recommendations for women undergoing cesarean delivery include 15° left tilt for uterine displacement to prevent aortocaval compression, although this degree of tilt is practically never achieved. We hypothesized that under contemporary clinical practice, including a crystalloid coload and phenylephrine infusion targeted at maintaining baseline systolic blood pressure, there would be no effect of maternal position on neonatal acid base status in women undergoing elective cesarean delivery with spinal anesthesia. Methods: Healthy women undergoing elective cesarean delivery were randomized (nonblinded) to supine horizontal (supine, n = 50) or 15° left tilt of the surgical table (tilt, n = 50) after spinal anesthesia (hyperbaric bupivacaine 12 mg, fentanyl 15 μg, preservative-free morphine 150 μg). Lactated Ringer's 10 ml/kg and a phenylephrine infusion titrated to 100% baseline systolic blood pressure were initiated with intrathecal injection. The primary outcome was umbilical artery base excess. Results: There were no differences in umbilical artery base excess or pH between groups. The mean umbilical artery base excess (± SD) was-0.5 mM (± 1.6) in the supine group (n = 50) versus-0.6 mM (± 1.5) in the tilt group (n = 47) (P = 0.64). During 15 min after spinal anesthesia, mean phenylephrine requirement was greater (P = 0.002), and mean cardiac output was lower (P = 0.014) in the supine group. Conclusions: Maternal supine position during elective cesarean delivery with spinal anesthesia in healthy term women does not impair neonatal acid-base status compared to 15° left tilt, when maternal systolic blood pressure is maintained with a coload and phenylephrine infusion. These findings may not be generalized to emergency situations or nonreassuring fetal status.
Development of Pulmonary Hypertension During Treatment with Diazoxide: A Case Series and Literature Review; Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is the most common cause of persistent hypoglycemia in infancy. The mainstay of medical management for CHI is diazoxide. Diazoxide inhibits insulin release from the pancreas, but also causes smooth muscle relaxation and fluid retention so it is typically given with chlorothiazide. In July 2015, the FDA issued a drug safety communication warning that pulmonary hypertension (PH) had been reported in 11 infants being treated with diazoxide and that the PH resolved with withdrawal of diazoxide. All three of the cases in our hospital were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) for hypoglycemia. All patients received thorough radiologic and laboratory evaluations related to their diagnosis of CHI. All initially improved when diazoxide was initiated. Case 1 and case 3 were discharged from the NICU on diazoxide and chlorothiazide. Case 2 developed pulmonary hypertension while still in the NICU days after an increase in diazoxide dosing. Case 1 presented to the emergency room in respiratory distress shortly after discharge from the NICU with evidence of PH and heart failure. Case 3 presented to the emergency room after 2 weeks at home due to a home blood glucose reading that was low and developed PH and heart failure while an inpatient. Discontinuation of diazoxide led to resolution of all three patients’ PH within approximately one week. The experience of our hospital indicates that pulmonary hypertension may be more common than previously thought in infants taking diazoxide. It is unclear if these symptoms develop slowly over time or if there is some other, as yet undescribed, trigger for the pulmonary hypertension. Our hospital’s experience adds to the body of evidence and suggests these infants may benefit from more surveillance with echocardiography.
Bariatric Surgery for Adolescents with Type 2 Diabetes: an Emerging Therapeutic Strategy; Purpose of Review: Type 2 diabetes (T2D) is a growing public health problem in youth, but conventional treatments are often insufficient to treat this disease and its comorbidities. We review evidence supporting an emerging role for bariatric surgery as a treatment for adolescent T2D. Recent Findings: Paralleling what has been seen in adult patients, bariatric surgery dramatically improves glycemic control in patients with T2D. In fact, remission of T2D has been observed in as many as 95–100% of adolescents with diabetes after bariatric surgery, particularly vertical sleeve gastrectomy (VSG) and Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) surgery. This striking outcome may be due to both weight-dependent- and weight-independent factors, and recent studies suggest that T2D-related comorbidities may also improve after surgery. Summary: Bariatric surgery including RYGB and VSG is a powerful therapeutic option for obese adolescents with T2D. Benefits must be weighed against risk for postoperative complications such as nutritional deficiencies, but earlier surgical intervention might lead to more complete metabolic remission in obese patients with T2D.
Pathophysiology and Current Clinical Management of Preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is characterized by blood pressure greater than 140/90 mmHg in the second half of pregnancy. This disease is a major contributor to preterm and low birth weight babies. The early delivery of the baby, which becomes necessary for maintaining maternal well-being, makes preeclampsia the leading cause for preterm labor and infant mortality and morbidity. Currently, there is no cure for this pregnancy disorder. The current clinical management of PE is hydralazine with labetalol and magnesium sulfate to slow disease progression and prevent maternal seizure, and hopefully prolong the pregnancy. This review will highlight factors implicated in the pathophysiology of preeclampsia and current treatments for the management of this disease.
Craniofacial and extracraniofacial anomalies in craniofacial macrosomia: A multicenter study of 755 patients; Purpose Craniofacial microsomia (CFM) is a congenital malformation of structures derived from the first and second pharyngeal arches leading to underdevelopment of the face. However, besides the craniofacial underdevelopment, extracraniofacial anomalies including cardiac, renal and skeletal malformation have been described. The aim of this study is to analyse a large population of patients with regard to demographics, typical phenotypes including craniofacial and extracraniofacial anomalies, and the correlations between the different variables of this condition. Material and methods A retrospective study was conducted in patients diagnosed with CFM with available clinical and/or radiographic images. All charts were reviewed for information on demographic, radiographic and diagnostic criteria. The presence of cleft lip/palate and extracraniofacial anomalies were noted. Pearson correlation tests and principal component analysis was performed on the phenotypic variables. Results A total of 755 patients were included. The male-to-female ratio and right-to-left ratio were both 1.2:1. A correlation was found among Pruzansky–Kaban, orbit and soft tissue. Similar correlations were found between ear and nerve. There was no strong correlation between phenotype and extracraniofacial anomalies. Nevertheless, extracraniofacial anomalies were more frequently seen than in the ‘normal’ population. Patients with bilateral involvement had a more severe phenotype and a higher incidence of extracraniofacial and cleft lip/palate. Conclusion Outcomes were similar to those of other smaller cohorts. Structures derived from the first pharyngeal arch and the second pharyngeal arch were correlated with degree of severity. Extracraniofacial anomalies were positively correlated with CFM. The findings show that bilaterally affected patients are more severely affected and should be approached more comprehensively.
Italian national guidelines for the screening of gestational diabetes: Time for a critical appraisal?; Background and aim In 2011, the Italian National Health System guidelines introduced a selective screening for gestational diabetes (GDM) based on risk factors, recommending early evaluation in high risk women. The present study examined to which extent guidelines are applied, and analyzed the effectiveness of GDM diagnosis according to risk profile. Methods and results We analyzed 1338 pregnant women, consecutively screened for GDM with a 75 g OGTT between January 2013 and December 2015, according to national guidelines. Diagnosis of GDM was based on IADPSG/WHO 2013 criteria. As many as 14.4% of screened women was at high risk, 64% at medium, 21.6% did not have any risk factor. Only 50% of high-risk women were appropriately screened at 16th–18th gestational weeks; 28% of them repeated the OGTT due to NGT. The overall prevalence of GDM was 39.9%, higher in high risk women (67% vs. 40% medium risk vs. 22% low risk; p < 0.0001). An early GDM diagnosis was performed in 40.7% of high-risk women. In low risk women, gestational weight gain at the screening time was independently associated with GDM. Conclusions The recommendations for the screening of GDM are still insufficiently implemented, especially for early evaluation in high risk women. Considering the high proportion of early GDM diagnosis, the poor adherence to screening recommendation may result in late diagnosis of GDM. Finally, our finding of a 22% prevalence of GDM among low risk women suggests the need to consider additional risk factors, such as excessive weight gain during pregnancy.
Serum galectin-3 levels and delirium among postpartum intensive care unit women; Objective: Inflammation correlates with delirium. Galectin-3 is a proinflammatory protein. This study aimed to determine relation of serum galectin-3 levels to delirium of postpartum intensive care unit (ICU) women. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational study, serum galectin-3, S100B, and C-reactive protein levels of 412 postpartum ICU women and 412 healthy women were measured. Delirium and Acute Physiology and Chronic Health Care Evaluation II (APCHCE II) scores were recorded. Results: Serum levels of galectin-3, S100B, and C-reactive protein were significantly elevated in the postpartum women than in the healthy women. Galectin-3 levels were highly associated with APCHCE II scores and S100B and C-reactive protein levels. Galectin-3, C-reactive protein, and S100B levels and APCHCE II scores were identified as independent predictors for delirium. Area under the curve (AUC) of serum galectin-3 levels was similar to that of S100B levels, and significantly exceeded those of C-reactive protein levels and APCHCE II scores. Moreover, galectin-3 significantly improved the AUCs of APCHCE II scores, S100B levels, and C-reactive protein levels. Conclusions: Galectin-3, involved in inflammatory process underlying delirium-related brain injury, might be a potential biomarker to predict delirium of postpartum ICU women.
Cardiovascular safety of sodium glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors versus sulfonylureas in patients with type II diabetes mellitus; Background: A large clinical trial demonstrated a cardioprotective effect of sodium-glucose cotransporter-2 inhibitors (SGLT2-i), a novel treatment of type II diabetes, but evidence from real-world data is absent. Objectives: To assess the association between cardiovascular diseases (CVD) with SGLT2-i compared to sulfonylureas in patients with type II diabetes mellitus. Methods: A retrospective cohort analysis using Truven Health Commercial and Medicare Supplemental database was conducted for patients aged ≥18 years who had type II diabetes (ICD-9: 250.x0 or 250.x2) between January 2008 and December 2015. Newusers of SGL2-i or sulfonylureas who had no prior use for at least 12 months (baseline-period) were included. Patients with a diagnosis of type I diabetes, gestational diabetes, or end stage renal disease prior to treatment initiation (index-date) were excluded. The risk of CVD including non-fatal myocardial infarction (ICD-9: 410.x) and non-fatal stroke (ICD -9: 433.x1, 434 [excluding 434.x0], 436) were compared between SGL2-i and sulfonylureas. Follow-up continued until the occurrence of first CVD event, switch to comparator, end of enrollment or, end of study period. Cox-proportional hazards model after inverse probability of treatment weighting (IPTW) was used to obtain the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Heterogeneity in treatment effect was examined in subgroups of type II diabetes mellitus patients with prior diagnosis of chronic kidney disease (CKD), and heart disease. Results: A total of 32,393 new-users of SGL2-i (mean age 51.7, 52% male, 50% hypertension) and 316,321 new-users of sulfonylureas (mean age 51.7, 55% male, 38% hypertension) were identified. Incidence rates of CVD were 32 and 77 per 10,000 person-years in the SGL2-i and the sulfonylurea groups, respectively. After IPTW adjustment, a 46% risk reduction in CVD outcome was observed with SGL2-i group compared to sulfonylureas (HR: 0.54, 95% CI [0.44, 0.65]). Subgroup analyses found that there was no statistically significant difference in the risk of CVD between SGL2-i and sulfonylureas in patients with prior diagnosis of CKD (HR: 0.83, 95% CI [0.26, 2.66]), and heart disease (HR: 1.32, 95% CI [0.47, 3.72]). Conclusions: Using a population-based claims data, SGL-2-i was associated with a reduction in CVD risk compared to sulfonylurea although their cardioprotective effect was not observed in patients with prior CKD, or heart disease.
The medical and medico-legal complications of bulimia nervosa: Treatments and complications; Background: Bulimia nervosa (BN) is a chronic mental health disorder that can be associated with numerous medical complications. Patients with BN are often impulsive, and they often engage in activities that are harmful towards themselves and others. Objective: To have a firm understanding of the medical complications of BN so that effective medical treatment can be provided in a timely and effective manner to help achieve a successful treatment outcome in BN; To appreciate the medico-legal issues that may arise in patients with BN. Results and Conclusions: The medical complications of BN are secondary to the compensatory purging behaviors used by patients to help prevent weight gain and include self-induced vomiting, over-exercise, and misuse of diuretics, diet pills, and laxatives. Medical complications can be severe, are sometimes irreversible, and can occasionally be life-threatening. It is prudent to make patients aware that medical complications such as syncope and seizures, as well as a propensity for sudden cardiac death, could limit their ability to drive safely, and may lead to unwanted legal consequences should they become impaired while driving and injure another party. Clinicians must also be astute regarding the high risk of self-harm and suicide in patients with BN.
Long-term effects of pregnancy complications on maternal health: A review; Background: Most pregnancy-related medical complications appear to resolve at delivery or shortly thereafter. Common examples are preterm labor, placental abruption, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes. Women who developed such complications are known to be at increased risk of developing similar complications in future pregnancies. It has recently become evident that these women are at an increased risk of long term medical complications. Methods: A search through scientific publications in English regarding the association of obstetric complications and long-term maternal illness. Results: There is a clear association between various obstetric complications and long-term effects on maternal health. Conclusions: Women with a history of adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Data increasingly links maternal vascular, metabolic, and inflammatory complications of pregnancy with an increased risk of vascular disease in later life.
Increased rates of cesarean sections and large families: A potentially dangerous combination; Rates of cesarean sections have been on the rise over the past three decades all over the world, despite the ideal rate of 10-15% that had been set by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1985, in Fortaleza, Brazil. This epidemic increase in the rate of cesarean delivery is due to many factors which include, cesarean delivery on request, advanced maternal age at first pregnancy, decrease in number of patients who are willing to try vaginal birth after cesarean delivery, virtual disappearance of vaginal breech delivery, perceived increase in the weight of the fetus and increase in the number of women with chronic medical conditions such as Diabetes Mellitus and congenital heart disease in the reproductive age. There is no doubt that cesarean delivery is a safe procedure and it is getting safer and safer for many reasons. However, like all other surgical procedures it is not without risks both to the mother and the new born. There is a substantial increase in the incidence of morbidly adherent placenta and the risk of scar pregnancy. In the Middle East and many African and Asian countries women tend to have large families. The number of previous cesarean section deliveries is directly proportional to the risk of developing morbidly adherent placenta. Morbidly adherent placenta is the most common cause of emergency postpartum hysterectomy, which is often associated with multiple surgical complications, severe maternal morbidity and mortality. The increased rates of cesarean sections lead to increased rates of scar pregnancies, which can have lethal consequences. Cesarean delivery has a negative impact on the infant immune system. This effect on the infant led to the introduction of a new concept called "Vaginal seeding". This refers to the practice of transferring some maternal vaginal fluid to the infant born via cesarean section in an effort to enhance its immune system.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease in Chinese neonates: A Meta analysis; To investigate the major risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD) in Chinese neonates and to provide a reference for the prevention of CHD. Methods A literature search was performed to collect the case-control studies on the risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates published in 2001-2016. The relevant data were extracted accordingly. The quality of included studies was assessed by Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Sensitivity analysis was conducted using different models to analyze the same data. The publication bias was assessed by Egger's test. Results A total of 17 case-control studies involving 2 930 cases and 4 952 controls were included. The Meta analysis showed that the major risk factors for CHD in Chinese neonates were as follows: Mother with advanced age (OR=2.649, 95%CI: 1.675-4.189), cold or fever (OR=4.558, 95%CI: 2.901-7.162), medication use in early pregnancy (OR=3.961, 95%CI: 2.816-5.573), passive smoking (OR=2.766, 95%CI: 1.982-3.859), abnormal childbearing history (OR=2.992, 95%CI: 1.529-5.856), noise exposure (OR=3.030, 95%CI: 1.476-6.217), radiation exposure (OR=2.363, 95%CI: 1.212-4.607), decoration (OR=4.979, 95%CI: 3.240-7.653), gestational diabetes (OR=5.090, 95%CI: 3.132-8.274), and pet raising (OR=2.048, 95%CI: 1.385-3.029). Conclusions Mothers with advanced age, cold or fever, medication use in early pregnancy, passive smoking, abnormal childbearing history, noise exposure, radiation exposure, decoration, gestational diabetes, and pet raising may increase the risk of CHD in Chinese neonates.
Duration of puberty in preterm girls; OBJECTIVES: Preterm birth is associated with altered pubertal timing, but the effect on pubertal duration has rarely been assessed. Here, we tested the hypothesis that preterm birth is associated with shorter duration of puberty among girls in Hong Kong where preterm birth has little social patterning.
Maternal health-related behaviours during pregnancy: a critical public health issue; Aim: The aim of the study was to investigate the health-related behaviours of pregnant women. Maternal health-related habits, use of psychoactive medicines, diet, prevention of neural tube defects, oral cavity hygiene, chronic diseases and physical activity were analysed in a group of pregnant women attending antenatal classes. Methods: Hundred pregnant women recruited from various antenatal classes in Poznań, Poland, were investigated using a questionnaire based on the Pregnancy Risk Assessment Monitoring System. Results: The results showed that 29% of pregnancies were unplanned. In women with higher education, 62% reported that they were taking folic acid supplements during pregnancy, in contrast with 35% women with a lower level of education (p =.012). The study showed that 24% of women were exposed to second-hand smoke during pregnancy, and this was more common among younger study participants (p =.038). Nine percentage of women admitted drinking alcohol during pregnancy. Pre-pregnancy alcohol consumption was more frequent among women with higher education (p =.011). Only 46.7% of women informed their dentist about their pregnancy, and these were more often older participants (p =.023). Conclusion: The study found low maternal awareness regarding health-related behaviours, which presents a serious challenge to public health care in Poland. Pregnant women and those who wish to conceive need to be educated effectively about preventive measures in order to maintain optimal maternal and reproductive health, as well as normal fetal development.
A systematic review of the risks factors associated with the onset and natural progression of hydrocephalus; The purpose of this study was to systematically assess and synthesize the world literature on risk factors for the onset and natural progression of hydrocephalus, thereby providing a basis for policy makers to identify appropriate risk management measures to mitigate the burden of disease in Canada. Evidence for risk factors was limited for both onset and progression. Two meta-analyses that examined a risk factor for onset met the inclusion criteria. One found a significant protective effect of prenatal vitamins among case control studies, but not cohort/randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The second found maternal obesity to be a significant risk factor for congenital hydrocephalus. Significant risk factors among 25 observational studies included: biological (multiple births, maternal parity, common cold with fever, maternal thyroid disease, family history, preterm birth, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, ischemic ECG changes, higher cerebrospinal fluid protein concentration following vestibular schwannoma); lifestyle (maternal obesity, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, maternal diabetes, maternal age), healthcare-related (caesarean section, interhospital transfer, drainage duration following subarachnoid hemorrhage, proximity to midline for craniectomy following traumatic brain injury); pharmaceutical (prenatal exposure to: tribenoside, metronidazole, anesthesia, opioids); and environmental (altitude, paternal occupation). Three studies reported on genetic risk factors: no significant associations were found. There are major gaps in the literature with respect to risk factors for the natural progression of hydrocephalus. Only two observational studies were included and three factors reported. Many risk factors for the onset of hydrocephalus have been studied; for most, evidence remains limited or inconclusive. More work is needed to confirm any causal associations and better inform policy.
Maternal metabolic diseases related to pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity in mexican women with high risk pregnancy; Introduction Pre-pregnancy obesity has been proposed as a risk factor related to gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Objectives Identify pregnancy related diseases associated with pre-pregnancy obesity as a risk factor ina high risk preganancy patient population. Methods 600 patients whose pre-pregnancy obesity had been assessed as a high risk factor were included in the study. The means, standard deviation, median, interquartile intervals, Pearson and Spearman correlation and logistic regression to estimate risk with the odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Results The mean pre-pregnancy body mass index was 29.59 ± 6.42 kg/m2. The mean for recommended pregnancy weight gain was 2.31 ± 1.03 kg, but the mean of real weight gain was 8.91 ± 6.84 kg. A significant correlation between pre-pregnancy obesity and family history of diabetes mellitus (p = 0.000), systemic hypertension (p = 0.003), cardiac diseases (p = 0.000), dyslipidemia (p = 0.000) and obesity (p = 0.000) was identified. Pre-pregnancy obesity was identified as a risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes (OR: 1.95; IC95%: 1.39 to 2.76; p = 0.000) in this kind of patient. Discussion and conclusion 75% of high risk pregnancy women in a high specialty hospital in West Mexico are overweight or obese when they become pregnant. These are risk factors in the development of gestational diabetes.
Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation support for hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother; Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. These infants are typically asymptomatic, but may develop signs of poor cardiac output from left ventricular outflow tract obstruction. This case illustrates the successful use of extracorporeal membrane oxygenation to support cardiac output in an infant of a diabetic mother with outflow tract obstruction until hypertrophy improved.
Evaluating the Performance of Ultrasound Screening for Congenital Heart Disease: A Descriptive Cohort Study; Objective The objective of this study was to evaluate the rate of abnormal fetal echocardiogram after normal detailed anatomy ultrasound when both are performed by maternal-fetal medicine specialists. Study Design Retrospective review of women who underwent detailed anatomy ultrasound and fetal echocardiography between 16 and 26 weeks' gestation at a single center. Women included had at least one indication for fetal echocardiography as recommended by the American Institute of Ultrasound in Medicine and normal cardiac anatomy on initial detailed anatomy ultrasound. Women with previous abnormal ultrasound, extracardiac anomalies, and abnormal or incomplete cardiac anatomy on initial examinations were excluded. The primary outcome was abnormal fetal echocardiogram, defined as a structural cardiac anomaly. Results A total of 1,000 women (1,052 fetuses) were included. The most common indication for echocardiography was family history of congenital heart disease. Five fetuses had an abnormal echocardiogram (0.5%, 95% confidence interval: 0.2-1.1%), only one of which altered care. The other four were suspected ventricular septal defects; of these, three were not seen on postnatal cardiac imaging. Conclusion The rate of abnormal fetal echocardiogram after a normal detailed anatomy ultrasound interpreted by maternal-fetal medicine specialists is low. Fetal echocardiography as a second screening test is of low clinical utility and unlikely to be cost-effective in this setting.
Type 2 diabetes after gestational diabetes mellitus in South Asian women in the United States; Aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes. The incidence of both GDM and type 2 diabetes is exceedingly high in South Asian populations. However, the risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM in South Asian women in the United States is unknown. Methods: South Asians aged 40 to 84 years without known cardiovascular disease were enrolled in a community-based cohort called Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study. A history of GDM was elicited through self-report, and type 2 diabetes was ascertained by an oral glucose tolerance test. We performed a multivariable logistic regression analysis to examine the odds of type 2 diabetes after GDM history in this cross-sectional analysis. Results: About 9.7% of women in the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America study self-reported a history of GDM, and were significantly younger, with higher mean diastolic blood pressure and self-reported weight at age 20 and 40 years than women without a history of GDM. In a model adjusted for age, weight at age 40, family history of diabetes, education, income, physical activity, caloric intake, alcohol use, and cigarette smoking, women with a history of GDM had increased odds of having type 2 diabetes compared with women without GDM (OR 3.2; 95% CI 1.3, 7.5). Conclusions: A history of GDM further increases the risk of type 2 diabetes in US South Asian women. Our findings underscore the importance of early postpartum screening in a population at high risk for type 2 diabetes.
Incidence and risk factors of venous thromboembolism during postpartum period: a population-based cohort-study; Introduction: The awareness of the incidence and timing of postpartum venous thromboembolic events guides the use of thromboprophylaxis. Our aims were to assess the incidence and mortality of venous thromboembolic events and identify its associated risk factors during different postpartum periods. Material and methods: A population-based controlled cohort study by combining four large registers in 2001–2011. All women with a recent delivery were identified. The incidence, risk factors and mortality of venous thromboembolic events 0–180 days after delivery were assessed by using all healthy delivered women as the control group. The incidence was compared with that of the nonpregnant women. Results: Among the 634 292 delivered women, 1169 had venous thromboembolic events 0–180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was highest during the first week postpartum: 37-fold compared with nonpregnant women, declining to two-fold immediately after that. Almost half of the venous thromboembolic events occurred between 43 and 180 days postpartum. The incidence of venous thromboembolic events was four-fold compared with that of nonpregnant women. Three venous thromboembolic events-related deaths occurred. Older age, higher body mass index, thrombophilia, multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, anemia, chorioamnionitis, threatening premature birth, in vitro fertilization with ovarian hyperstimulation, primiparity, cesarean section, cardiac/renal diseases, and varicose veins were associated with an increased risk for postpartum venous thromboembolic events. The risk remained elevated for 180 days in women with thrombophilia, cesarean section, multiple pregnancy, varicose veins, and cardiac disease. Conclusions: The risk of venous thromboembolic events remained elevated compared with that of the nonpregnant women after the usually defined postpartum period (6 weeks). The results might assist in selecting women in need of thromboprophylaxis.
Preterm Birth and its Impact on Renal Health; Preterm birth occurs in approximately 10% of all births worldwide. Preterm infants have reduced nephron numbers at birth in proportion to gestational age, and are at increased risk of neonatal acute kidney injury as well as higher blood pressure, proteinuria, and chronic kidney disease later in life. Rapid catch-up growth in preterm infants, especially if resulting in obesity, is a risk factor for end-stage kidney disease among children with proteinuric renal disease. Preterm birth, however, is a risk factor not only for the infant because mothers who deliver preterm have an increased risk of having subsequent preterm deliveries as well as hypertension, cardiovascular disease, and renal disease later in life. Preterm birth in a female infant is also a risk factor for her future risk of having a preterm delivery, gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes, which in turn may impact the development of fetal kidneys and the offspring's risk of hypertension and renal disease. This intergenerational programming cycle, therefore, perpetuates the risks and consequences of prematurity. Interruption of this cycle may be possible through optimization of maternal nutrition and health as well as careful antenatal care, which may in turn reduce the global burden of hypertension and renal disease in subsequent generations.
Association Between Diabetes During Pregnancy and Peripartum Cardiomyopathy: A Population-Level Analysis of 309,825 Women; Background Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure associated with pregnancy. The objectives of our study were to determine the incidence and outcomes (maternal and neonatal) of PPCM and its association with diabetes mellitus (DM) in a contemporary population-based cohort. Methods The cohort consisted of 309,825 women with a birth of at least 1 live newborn between January 01, 2005 and September 30, 2014, resulting in 469,150 birth events and 477,089 live newborns. A modified PPCM definition was used, allowing from 32 weeks' gestation and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized according to DM status. Results A total of 194 PPCM birth events were identified, for an incidence rate of 1/2418 births. Women with PPCM were older, often primiparous, and more likely to have multiple gestations, pre-existing DM, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Although the overall numbers were low, the incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies in women with pre-existing DM (1/613 birth events) and gestational DM (1/1751 birth events) vs those with neither (1/2550 birth events). Over a mean follow-up of 3.9 years, the mortality rate was higher in women affected by PPCM than in those who were not, with few deaths overall. Neonatal death was uncommon in the entire cohort but was numerically greater in the PPCM group. Conclusions The incidence of PPCM in Alberta, Canada was approximately 1/2400 births and was modulated by the presence of DM in pregnancy. The relationship between DM status and PPCM may be confounded by other vascular risk factors, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. There were few maternal or neonatal deaths in the overall cohort, but they were numerically higher in the PPCM group.
Gestational diabetes alters functions in offspring's umbilical cord cells with implications for cardiovascular health; Because noncommunicable diseases such as type 2 diabetes mellitus have their roots in prenatal development and conditions such as maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), we aimed to test this hypothesis in primary cells derived from the offspring of mothers with GDM compared with control subjects.We have assessed primary umbilical cord-derived cells such as human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) andWharton's jelly-derivedmesenchymal stem cells from the offspring ofmothers with andwithout GDM. We have compared the primary isolates in cell-based assays measuring proliferation, mitochondrial oxygen consumption, and the ability to support blood vessel growth.We conducted gene expression microarray studies with subsequent pathway analysis and candidate gene validation. We observed striking differences between the two groups, such as lowermetabolic rates and impairment of endothelial tube formation in cells with GDM background. HUVECs from subjects with maternal GDM have lower expression of the antiapoptotic protein BCL-xL, suggesting compromised angiogenic capabilities. Comparative gene expression analysis revealed blood vessel formation as a major pathway enriched in the GDM-derived HUVECs with the surface marker CD44 as a gene underexpressed in the GDMgroup. Functional validation of CD44 revealed that it regulates tube formation inHUVECs, thereby providing insights into a pathway imprinted in primary umbilical cord-derived cells fromGDMoffspring. Our data demonstrate that primary cells isolated from the umbilical cord of offspring born to mothers with GDM maintain metabolic and molecular imprints of maternal hyperglycemia, reflecting an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life.
Original Findings and Updated Meta-Analysis for the Association between Maternal Diabetes and Risk for Congenital Heart Disease Phenotypes; Maternal diabetes is associated with congenital heart defects (CHDs) as a group, but few studies have assessed risk for specific CHD phenotypes. We analyzed these relationships using data from the Texas Birth Defects Registry and statewide vital records for deliveries taking place in 1999-2009 (n = 48,249 cases). We used Poisson regression to calculate prevalence ratios for the associations between maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) and each CHD phenotype, adjusting for potential confounders. Analyses were repeated by type of diabetes. To address the potential for misclassification bias, we performed logistic regression, using malformed controls. We also conducted meta-analyses, combining our estimates of the association between pregestational diabetes and each CHD phenotype with previous estimates. The prevalence of every CHD phenotype was greater among women with pregestational diabetes than among nondiabetic women. Most of these differences were statistically significant (adjusted prevalence ratios = 2.47-13.20). Associations were slightly attenuated for many CHD phenotypes among women with gestational diabetes. The observed associations did not appear to be the result of misclassification bias. In our meta-analysis, pregestational diabetes was significantly associated with each CHD phenotype. These findings contribute to a better understanding of the teratogenic effects of maternal diabetes and improved counseling for risk of specific CHD phenotypes.
Severe fat accumulation in multiple organs in pediatric autopsies: An uncommon but significant finding; Background: The observation of fat accumulation in different organs at pediatric autopsy may help determine the cause of death. However, a comprehensive study on fat accumulation and related etiologies is still lacking. Aim: To investigate the incidence of fat accumulation in different organs in pediatric autopsies and their relevance to the cause of death. Methods: From February 2004 until March 2015, fat accumulation was assessed in 561 routinely performed pediatric autopsies in our center. Age at death ranged from 14 weeks of gestation for fetuses to 16 years. Samples of liver, heart, kidney, and muscle were stained with Oil-Red-O and scored for fat accumulation by one pediatric pathologist. Results: Fat accumulation in > 1 organ(s) was present in 132 (39.8%) of 332 prenatal cases. Only 3 (0.9%) had fat accumulation in all 4 organs. For postnatal cases, fat accumulation in > 1 organ(s) was present in 106 (46.3%) of 229 postnatal cases. Only 12 (5.2%) had fat accumulation in all 4 organs. Fat accumulation was mostly seen in liver, both in prenatal and postnatal cases. Fatty acid oxidation disorders were the only cause of death associated with severe fat accumulation in all 4 organs. No other etiologies could be linked directly to distribution or severity of fat accumulation. Conclusion: Severe fat accumulation in at least 4 organs is a rare finding in pediatric autopsies, whereas fat accumulation in only the liver is relatively common. Severe fat accumulation in both liver, muscle, kidney, and heart was only seen in cases with fatty acid oxidation disorders.
Metabolic syndrome: Sex-related cardiovascular risk & therapeutic approach; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a cluster of risk factors for the development of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) and type 2 diabetes (T2DM). According to several meta-analyses, it has been shown that the cardiovascular (CV) risk conferred by the MetS is higher in women in comparison with men. There are many possible reasons to explain a higher CV risk in women with MetS: The most important differences can be attributed to distribution of central adiposity, lipid profile and hormones, but also differences in platelet biology and biochemistry play an important role. Methods: In this article we performed a research using PubMed database reviewing the evidence in literature (in particular clinical trials and meta-analyses) or lack of evidence/ biased information regarding the distribution by gender of MetS components and associated CV risk and we intended to provide a consequent gender perspective to the treatment of MetS and CV risk. Results: Twenty-three papers were evaluated searching for sex differences in the prevalence of MetS and CV risk. We also identified fifty-six papers dealing with sex differences in adiposity, insulin resistance and hormonal regulation. In terms of gender-specific expression of MetS in chronic disease we analyzed thirty-one papers focusing the attention on non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, polycystic ovarian syndrome, gestational diabetes mellitus, rheumatoid arthritis and HIV infection. We also evaluated twenty papers focusing on gender differences in platelet biology/reactivity and thirty-three papers on the gender approach in the treatment of MetS. The CV risk conferred by MetS segregates differently according to gender; differences between sexes may depend on the different representation of MetS components, gender-specific genetic, acquired metabolic and hormonal milieu and finally on a differential interaction between known risk factors and genderspecific properties, resulting in different degrees of pathophysiological events eventually leading to atherothrombosis. Regarding a potential sex-related therapeutic approach, even if gender-related differences exist in the pharmacokinetics of drugs for differences in body composition, plasma protein binding, metabolizing enzymes and difference in excretion characteristics, we have to acknowledge that women are under-represented in clinical trials, thus preventing from adequately challenging the efficacy and safety of drugs in this gender. Conclusion: While ncreasing knowledge exists regarding pathophysiological differences between genders in the prevalence of MetS components as well as in the associated cardiometabolic risk, underrepresentation of women in clinical trials and underutilization of guideline therapy, for instance in women with ischemic heart disease, largely flaw the interpretation of epidemiological and clinical evidence. Efforts should be undertaken to fight the so-called "Yentl syndrome" and to promote gender-specific drug trials, or at least studies where subgroup analyses by gender are pre-specified.
Regulation of basal metabolic rate in uncomplicated pregnancy and in gestational diabetes mellitus; Basal metabolic rate (BMR) is one of the major components of total energy expenditure (TEE). It is affected by various factors, such as body weight, body composition, age, race/ethnicity, gender, biochemical parameters, physical activity, and health status. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder during pregnancy and it increases the risk for health complications, such as stillbirth, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease in later life. Both BMR and GDM have been linked with gestational weight gain (GWG), a fact suggesting a possible association between them. However, assessing BMR is a complex procedure, which becomes more complicated when additional parameters, such as pregnancy and GDM, are taken into consideration. The present review summarizes the current knowledge on factors affecting BMR and its regulation in relation to pregnancy and GDM. Future research addressing these associations should thoroughly consider other factors that affect BMI when designing such studies and/or discussing the BMR outcome results.
Usefulness of electrocardiogram in the detection of ventricular hypertrophy in asymptomatic newborns; Background: Historically, electrocardiogram (ECG) has been a key diagnostic tool in the work-up of congenital heart disease (CHD). Studies published in the past have helped establish the normal range for QRS amplitude and interval duration for newborns. At our hospital, we use ECG to screen infants of diabetic mother and newborns with a heart murmur. All newborns with ECG demonstrating ventricular hypertrophy receive an echocardiogram. Our objective is to determine the yield of echocardiogram performed in newborns with ECG demonstrating ventricular hypertrophy. Methods: A retrospective chart review of infants born at our hospital, a tertiary care center, between 2013 to 2016 was performed. Of these, 777 full term, asymptomatic newborns had cardiac evaluation including echocardiogram. The ECG findings were reviewed and categorized into 2 groups: Group 1, with ventricular hypertrophy and Group 2, with no hypertrophy (Table 1). Echocardiogram findings were reviewed and divided into 4 categories (Table 2). Fisher's Exact test was used to compare the two groups. Results: 676 infants had ECG performed as part of their work-up (Figure 1). Of these, 43 (6.4%) newborns had ventricular hypertrophy by echocardiogram. In Group 1, 25/234 (10.7%) newborns had hypertrophy by echocardiogram. Critical CHD was identified in 3 of these 25 newborns. Of note, 2 patients with Critical CHD only had an innocent murmur and echocardiogram was performed solely for ventricular hypertrophy detected on ECG. In Group 2, 18/442 (4.1%) newborns had ventricular hypertrophy by echocardiogram. There was a statistically significant difference in the incidence of ventricular hypertrophy identified between the 2 groups (p< 0.02). Conclusion: ECG is an inexpensive and non-invasive tool to identify ventricular hypertrophy in newborns, although the yield is low. Further research is needed to redefine the voltage criteria and improve the specificity. ECG remains a critical tool in the identification of Critical CHD. (Table presented).
Assessment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers during in the second trimester; Introduction: Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate it with glycemic control. Methods: Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal echocardiography in the second trimester from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects. Exclusion criteria were pregestational diabetes, presence of structural heart disease, twin pregnancies, intrauterine growth retardation (defined as weight for gestation less than 5th percentile) and polyhydramnios. Non diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19-24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Glycemic control was classified as good if Hb A1c was <6 gm/dl or glucose tolerance test showed serum glucose levels of <160 mg/dl. Results: 128 mothers were enrolled, 64 were in gestational diabetic group and 64 were in non-diabetic control group. Mean age of mothers was 31±4.9 years (median 29 years) and the mean gestational age at the time of first examination was 23±3.4 weeks (median 22 weeks). Functional variables showed that isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times were significantly prolonged in fetuses of diabetic mothers (p =0.001 and 0.01 respectively). Myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios were significantly abnormal in the diabetic group (p <0.001 and p= 0.03 respectively)). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion (MAPSE) was less in the diabetic group (p= 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time (p =0-03). Conclusion: Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetes and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes.
Large neonatal pulmonary artery thrombus diagnosed by echocariography; Clinical Presentation: Full term baby girl delivered to G8P6 + 1 mom by caesarean section due to failure to progress in labour. Baby noted post delivery to have desaturation and heart murmur. Echocardiography confirmed Huge mass seen at distal main pulmonary artery protruding into branch pulmonary arteries causing pulmonary stenosis. No other masses neither abnormalities noted. Summary: -Pulmonary artery thrombosis in neonates is a rare entity. -Very few cases of spontaneous neonatal pulmonary arterial thrombosis have ever been described. -(The most frequent important risk factor for the development of thrombosis in the neonate is the presence of an indwelling central line. The other important risk factors are asphyxia, septicemia, dehydration, maternal diabetes, and inherited thrombophilias). -When assessing a cyanotic neonate with a structurally normal heart echocardiographically, it is important to look for pulmonary artery thrombi before labeling the study as PPHN. -Most cases of spontaneuous Pulmonary artery thrombosis as in this case located at the bifurcation of the main pulmonary artery in the region of a closed ductus arteriosus with subsequent distal thromboemboli that may have contributed to cyanosis in this neonate. -We expect that the sensitivity for echocardiographic detection of main pulmonary arterythrombi in newborns is higher, as this region is routinely imaged well on newborn echocardiograms, unlike the umbilical vein and ductus venosus. (Figure Presented).
Right ventricle dependent coronary circulation in a newborn critical pulmonary valve stenosis; Introduction: Coronary-cavitary connections often associated with pulmonary atresia with intact interventricular septum, may occur in neonates with critical pulmonary stenosis (PS), which adds a worse prognostic. Objectives: To describe a rare case of critical PS with coronary circulation dependent on the right ventricle (RV) . Case report: -baby girl, born at term, BW= 3350 g. Maternal history of gestational diabetes and systemic arterial hypertension. A systolic murmur was heard at the first day, being well in hospital time she was discharged home on the third day of life. On her ninth day, she presented to a pediatric cardiologist with tachycardia and weight loss. In her investigation: Chest x-ray showed mild cardiomegaly, slight oligaemic pulmonary fields ; ECG - sinus rhythm, QRS + 60° and incomplete RBBB. Echocardiographic findings: critical PS, PFO with bidirectional shunt, moderate tricuspid regurgitation, a hypertrophied good-sized right ventricle (RV). Estimated RV pressure was 118 mmHg, and a 2mm patent ductus arteriosus. She was admitted to the hospital and started on prostaglandin. At 28 days of life, she was referred to our center for pulmonary balloon valvuloplasty (PVB). Hemodynamics findings: RV-PA gradient of 45mmHg and RV/AO ratio of 1.39. After RV angiography, PVB with a Power-flex balloon 10 × 2, was performed, followed its deflation, the patient went to complete atrioventricular block, cardiogenic shock and death despite exhaustive CPR manoeuvers. Going back to review her angiographies the left coronary artery were seen arising directly from the right ventricular outflow tract. Conclusion: decompression of the RV was probably the cause of death. Aortography should be performed prior to PVB in suspected cases.
Spontaneous thrombosis of great vessels in neonates with varied presentation; Spontaneous thrombosis of great vessels is well described entity even in absence of known risk factors of sepsis, polycythemia, dehydration or thrombophilic disorders. We are sharing our experience with three neonates having unstable haaemodynamics subsequently diagnosed to have large thrombus in aorta and main pulmonary artery (MPA). Two neonates were successfully treated thrombolytic therapy while one patient succumbed due to renal failure. Description: Case 1: Full term neonate presented on day two of life with respiratory distress and bluish discolouration of lower limb with working diagnosis of coarctation of aorta in view of radio femoral delay and unrecordable BP in lower limb. Subsequently diagnosed to have infrarenal aortic thrombus. Successfully treated with Urokinase infusion for 72 hours followed by 4 weeks of subcutaneous low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) injections with full re-canalisation of aorta on follow up. Case 2: One day old term baby referred for onset of breathlessness from birth. Features of right heart failure was present with low saturation of 90%. Echocardiogram revealed large thrombus in MPA extending to right and left pulmonary artery. Successfully Treated with unfractionated heparin infusion for 96 hours followed by LMWH injection for 2 weeks with complete resolution of thrombus. Case 3: 3 days old born to diabetic mother presented in shock with history of poor oral acceptance, breathing difficulty and anuria from last 24 hours. Echocardiographic evaluation revealed biventricular dysfunction and large ductal aneurysm with thrombus insitu extending into aorta and blocking bilateral renal arteries. Baby died within one hour of admission. Conclusion: Spontaneous thrombus involving great vessels can present with varied clinical pictures ranging from renal failure, shock, right heart failure or coarctation. High index of suspicion and basic interrogation with echocardiogram is crucial in diagnosing such conditions. Thrombolytic therapy is possible with good results even in neonates with fragile haemodynamics. (Figure Presented).
Transcient isolated septal and right ventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a neonate; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually involves left ventricle. Isolated involvement of the septum and right ventricle without involvement of left ventricle in the neonatal period is a very rare condition. Clinical manifestations can be serious and 25% can develop signs of heart failure usually secondary to obstruction of the right outflow tract. Early diagnosis is vital since this condition may be reversible with appropriate treatment. We report the case of a male newborn who develop cyanosis in his first hour of life. He was born via cesarean section due to perinatal stress. There was no history of maternal or fetal metabolic disease, no gestational diabetes mellitus. Pregnancy was eventful due to a maternal left mastoiditis which required mastoidectomy and antibiotic and analgesic therapy (NSAID) at 34 gestational week. Normal birth weight (3.3 kilogram), APGAR score at 1 and 5 minute was 7 and 9 respectively. Oxygen saturation on room air was 65%, and was rised to 85% with oxygen supplement. A grade II systolic murmur was present in the tricuspid focus. ANP values were high. Echocardiogram revealed massive hypertrophy in the right ventricle with septal and right ventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, with a very restricted diastolic cavity and a right to left shunt across De patent foramen ovale, grade II tricuspid regurgitation which estimated a right ventricular pressure of 50 mmHg. Patient was admitted to neonatal intensive care unit and put on phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor and sildenafil to decrease pulmonary vascular resistance. An oxygen saturation of 90% was achieved with the supplementation of 40% oxygen. Saturation values rose up to 95% as of day three and oxygen supplement weaned. The patient was discharged oxygen-free and breastfed on the 10th day. With clinical and echocardiographic follow up patient continuos with normal right ventricular and saturation values (Table Presented).
Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy as an early marker of maternal hyperglycemia; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) cause maternal hyperglycemia, which may lead to fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), and cardiac diastolic function impairment. The aim of the present study was to assess the prevalence of HCM in fetuses of pregnant women with GDM before their treatment using fetal echocardiography. Material and Methods: This cross-sectional study included 63 fetuses of mothers with GDM and was conducted before initiating treatment. It was conducted in a public maternity clinic at southern Brazil. according to the local regulations for good clinical practices, specifically those of the National Resolution of the National Health Council (CNS, 466/12), after approval from the Research Ethics Committee (CEP011/12) of the institution. It included singleton fetuses of pregnant women diagnosed with GDM, without malformations and other diseases. GDM diagnosis was based on the criteria provided by the American Diabetes Association and an ultrasound was performed between the 24th and 28th gestational weeks. All variables were descriptively analyzed, with quantitative variables expressed as means and standard deviations. Data were statistically analyzed using the Statistical Package for the Social Sciences software, version 21.0. Results: HCM was confirmed in 54% of the fetuses. Fetal abdominal circumference (FAC) was normal in 73.01% fetuses. HCM was also observed in 50% of fetuses with normal FAC, which reflects the occurrence of interventricular septum alterations prior to FAC alterations. Conclusions: The result suggests that theHCMreflects the maternal hyperglycemia before FAC alterations. Therefore, the high prevalence and early occurrence of HCM in this population suggest that this is one of the first effects of maternal diabetes on fetuses.
Advanced maternal age worsens postpartum vascular function; The age at which women experience their first pregnancy has increased throughout the decades. Pregnancy has an important influence on maternal short- and long-term cardiovascular outcomes. Pregnancy at an advanced maternal age increases maternal risk of gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, placenta previa and caesarian delivery; complications which predict worsened cardiovascular health in later years. Aging also independently increases the risk of cardiovascular disease; therefore, combined risk in women of advanced maternal age may lead to detrimental cardiovascular outcomes later in life. We hypothesized that pregnancy at an advanced maternal age would lead to postpartum vascular dysfunction. We used a reproductively aged rat model to investigate vascular function in never pregnant (virgin), previously pregnant (postpartum) and previously mated but never delivered (nulliparous) rats at approximately 13.5 months of age (3 months postpartum or equivalent). Nulliparous rats, in which pregnancy was spontaneously lost, demonstrated significantly reduced aortic relaxation responses (methylcholine [MCh] Emax: 54.2 ± 12.6%) vs. virgin and postpartum rats (MCh Emax: 84.8 ± 3.5% and 84.7 ± 3.2% respectively); suggesting pregnancy loss causes a worsened vascular pathology. Oxidized LDL reduced relaxation to MCh in aorta from virgin and postpartum, but not nulliparous rats, with an increased contribution of the LOX-1 receptor in the postpartum group. Further, in mesenteric arteries from postpartum rats, endothelium-derived hyperpolarization (EDH)-mediated vasodilation was reduced and a constrictive prostaglandin effect was apparent. In conclusion, aged postpartum rats exhibited vascular dysfunction, while rats which had pregnancy loss demonstrated a distinct vascular pathology. These data demonstrate mechanisms which may lead to worsened outcomes at an advanced maternal age; including early pregnancy loss and later life cardiovascular dysfunction.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus in relation to cardiovascular disease and cardiovascular risk factors in US women; Background: Findings from previous studies examining the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and subsequent risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been inconsistent and inconclusive. We aimed to examine the associations of a previous history of GDM with risk of CVD and status of cardiovascular risk factors in a nationwide population-based study in the United States. Methods: This study included 8,127 parous women aged 20 years or older in the 2007-2014 cycles of the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey in the United States. The exposure was self-reported diagnostic history of GDM and the outcomes were self-reported diagnostic history of CVD and measurements of cardiovascular risk factors, including blood pressure and blood lipids. Regression models with sample weights were used to examine the associations of GDM with CVD and cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Among women with a history of both GDM and CVD, CVD was diagnosed on average 22.9 years after the diagnosis of GDM. After adjustment for demographic, socioeconomic, and lifestyle factors, a history of GDM was associated with 63% higher odds of CVD [odds ratio (OR) 1.63, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.02, 2.62, p-value = 0.04]. Further adjustment for body mass index (BMI) modestly attenuated the association (OR 1.52, 95% CI 0.95, 2.44, p-value = 0.08). A history of GDM was significantly associated with lower serum level of HDL-cholesterol (adjusted β-coefficient -3.33, 95% CI -5.17, -1.50, p-value = 0.001), but not associated with total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, or systolic or diastolic blood pressure. Similarly, the association between a history of GDM and HDL cholesterol was attenuated after additional adjustment for BMI (adjusted β-coefficient -1.68, 95% CI -3.38, 0.03, p-value = 0.54). Conclusion: Women with a previous history of GDM have significantly higher risk for developing CVD and lower serum level of HDL cholesterol, compared to women without a history of GDM. The associations may be explained, at least partly, by BMI.
Acute myeloid leukemia and pregnancy: Clinical experience from a single center and a review of the literature; Background: Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) accounts for more than two thirds of leukemia during pregnancy and has an incidence of 1 in 75,000 to 100,000. Its clinical management remains a challenging therapeutic task both for patient and medical team, given to the therapy-attributable risks for mother and fetus and the connected counseling regarding pregnancy continuation. Methods: We provided a review of updated literature and a comprehensive description of five maternal/fetal outcomes of AML cases diagnosed concomitantly to pregnancy and treated at our Institution from 2006 to 2012. Results: Median age at AML diagnosis was 32 years (31-39). One diagnosis was performed in first trimester and the patient asked for therapeutic abortion before starting chemotherapy. Three cases were diagnosed in second/third trimester; in one case leukemia was diagnosed concomitantly with intrauterine fetal death, while the remaining two patients continued pregnancy and delivered a healthy baby by cesarean section. In only one of these two cases chemotherapy was performed during pregnancy (at 24 + 5 weeks) and consisted of a combination of daunorubicine and cytarabine. Therapy was well tolerated and daily fetus monitoring was performed. After completion of 30 weeks of gestation a cesarean section was carried out; the newborn had an Apgar score of 5/1'-7/5'-9/10', oxygen therapy was temporarily given and peripheral counts displayed transient mild leukopenia. One patient had diagnosis of myelodysplastic syndrome rapidly progressed to AML after delivery. Four out of the 5 described women are currently alive and disease-free. Three children were born and long-term follow-up has shown normal growth and development. Conclusions: The treatment of AML occurring during pregnancy is challenging and therapeutic decisions should be taken individually for each patient. Consideration must be given both to the immediate health of mother and fetus and to long-term infant health. Our series confirmed the literature data: fetal toxicity of cytostatic therapy clusters during the first trimester; while chemotherapy can be administered safely during second/third trimester and combination of daunorubicin and cytarabine is recommended for induction.
Antenatal corticosteroid treatment: factors other than lung maturation; Antenatal corticosteroid (CS) therapy improves both fetal lung mechanism and gas exchange due to accelerated morphologic development of type one and two pneumocytes. This therapy also enhances the production of surfactant binding proteins and fetal lung antioxidant enzymes. In women with threatening preterm delivery, a single course is advocated between 24 and 34 weeks’ gestation with either betamethasone (two doses of 12 mg 24 h apart) or dexamethasone (four doses of 6 mg at 12-h intervals). Such treatment reduces the rate of respiratory distress syndrome, comorbidity, and mortality in neonates in the first 48 h of life. The optimal time interval between CS administration and delivery is reported to be 1–7 days. Weekly repeat courses reduce the occurrences and severity of respiratory diseases but are associated with reduce fetal growth. Multiple courses should be avoided. However, a repeat course should be considered in women at risk of preterm birth 7 or more days after an initial course in women who remain at risk of preterm birth <34 weeks’ gestation. CS may be harmful in growth restricted fetuses associated with an absent or reversed end-diastolic UA flow since they are at increased risk of acidosis and perinatal death. The purpose of this publication is to update and highlight antenatal CS therapy.
Perinatal case of fatal Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome with hyperplasia of seminiferous tubules; Objective: Congenital defects/diseases Background: Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome (SGBS) is a rare X-linked recessive syndrome characterized by fetal overgrowth. Case report: We present a case of a male infant with SGBS. Abnormal prenatal ultrasound (including congenital diaphragmatic hernia) prompted microarray testing of amniotic fluid cells, which showed deletion on chromosome Xq26.2 affecting the glypican-3 gene consistent with SGBS type I. The infant died six hours after birth and at autopsy showed features of SGBS, including macrosomia, organomegaly, diaphragmatic hernia with consequent pulmonary hypoplasia, cleft palate, large tongue with a midline groove, a supernumerary nipple, Meckel’s diver-ticulum, and abnormal phalanges. Additionally, we observed features that have previously not been described in SGBS, including testes with hyperplastic seminiferous tubules and Mullerian remnants, and placenta with incipient fetal thrombotic vasculopathy. Conclusions: While most patients with SGBS type I survive into childhood or even adulthood, the severe course in our patient was ascribed to pulmonary hypoplasia secondary to the bilateral diaphragmatic hernia.
DNA methyltransferase 1 rs16999593 genetic polymorphism decreases risk in patients with transposition of great arteries; Complete transposition of the great arteries (TGA) is the most frequent cyanotic heart defect diagnosed in neonates. However, the exact etiology of TGA is unknown. The aim of the present study was to assess the association of TGA pathogenesis with single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs)—1 and 3a— in Chinese children. We genotyped 5 SNPs (rs16999593, rs16999358, and rs2228611 in DNMT1; and rs2276599 and rs2276598 in DNMT3A) in 206 patients with complete TGA and 252 healthy children. Statistical analysis was performed to explore the association of the 5 SNPs with complete TGA susceptibility. Compared with the T/T and C/C genotypes, the heterozygous genotype C/T of rs16999593 correlated with a decreased risk for complete TGA under codominant (OR = 0.46; 95% CI = 0.29–0.72), dominant (OR = 0.58; 95% CI = 0.38–0.88), and overdominant (OR = 0.44; 95% CI = 0.28–0.68) models. In contrast, the genotype C/C of rs16999593 correlated with a higher risk for TGA under a recessive model (OR = 3.15; 95% CI = 1.14–8.68) compared with the T/T and C/T genotypes. Furthermore, the TGC, TGT, CGC, and CGT haplotypes of DNMT1 did not differ significantly between the two groups, whereas the frequency of the TAC haplotype was lower in the case group (OR < 1; P = 0.002). No significant differences in the frequencies of the TC, CC, TT, and CT haplotypes of DNMT3A were found between the two groups. Furthermore, logistic regression showed that sex and the rs16999358 SNP were two independent risk factors for complete TGA. Overall, the C/T genotype of the rs16999593 SNP in DNMT1 might decrease the risk of complete TGA pathogenesis in the Southern Chinese population.
Outcome after implementation of a modern management strategy for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether the institution of a modern management strategy affected pregnancy outcomes for intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP). Methods: We performed a retrospective cohort study of women diagnosed with ICP at one hospital from 2005 to 2013. A new management protocol for ICP was instituted in 2009 for women with total bile acids >40 μmol/L at <36 weeks. This strategy included inpatient admission, continuous fetal heart rate monitoring, with delivery between 36 and 37 weeks. We compared maternal and neonatal outcomes prior and subsequent to the institution of this protocol. Results: We identified 186 singleton gestations with bile acids >40 μmol/L and diagnosis <36 weeks. Patient demographics were similar between the groups, with the exception of greater maternal age and gestational diabetes in the newer cohort. The newer cohort demonstrated a significant reduction in the incidence of stillbirth 0% versus 3.4%, p= 0.035). There was no difference in the age at delivery, cesarean delivery rates or NICU admissions. Conclusion: Application of our management strategy for ICP reduced the stillbirth rate without adversely affecting other maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Obstetrical correlates and perinatal consequences of neonatal hypoglycemia in term infants; Objective: To determine independent perinatal and intrapartum factors associated with neonatal hypoglycemia. Method: Of singleton pregnancies delivered at term in 2013; 318 (3.8%) neonates diagnosed with hypoglycemia were compared to 7955 (96.2%) neonate controls with regression analysis. Results: Regression analysis showed that independent prenatal factors were multiparity (odds-ratio [OR] = 1.61), gestational age (OR = 0.68), gestational diabetes (OR = 0.22), macrosomia (OR = 4.87), small for gestational age neonate [SGA] (OR = 6.83) and admission cervical dilation (OR = 0.79). For intrapartum factors, only cesarean section (OR = 1.57) and last cervical dilation (OR = 0.92) were independently significantly associated with neonatal hypoglycemia. For biologically plausible risk factors, independent factors were cesarean section (OR = 4.18), gentamycin/clindamycin in labor (OR = 5.35), gestational age (OR = 0.59) and macrosomia (OR = 5.62). Mothers of babies with neonatal hypoglycemia had more blood loss and longer hospital stays, while neonates with hypoglycemia had worse umbilical cord gases, more neonatal hypoxic conditions, neonatal morbidities and NICU admissions. Conclusion: Diabetes was protective of neonatal hypoglycemia, which may be explained by optimum maternal glucose management; nevertheless macrosomia was independently predictive of neonatal hypoglycemia. Cesarean section and decreasing gestational age were the most consistent independent risk factors followed by treatment for chorioamnionitis and SGA. Further studies to evaluate these observations and develop preventive strategies are warranted.
Review: Is rapid fat accumulation in early life associated with adverse later health outcomes?; This review discusses ways in which the maternal environment and placental function affect the birth weight and adult health outcomes of offspring. These maternal and placental factors have varying and sometimes opposing effects on birth weight, resulting in infants that are born small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA) or preterm. However, all these alterations in weight have similar effects on adult health, increasing the risk of obesity and its associated cardiovascular and metabolic disorders. While birth weight has been used as a marker for risk of adverse adult health, we propose that a common feature of all these scenarios – early accumulation of excess body fat – may be a better marker than birth weight alone. Furthermore, altered neonatal fat accumulation may be more closely related to the mechanism by which maternal environment and placental adaptation mediate effects on adult health. We suggest that more research should be focussed on early fat accretion, factors that promote fat accretion and if it can be avoided, and whether it would be beneficial to try to reduce fat accumulation in early life.
Mechanisms of uterine artery dysfunction in pregnancy complications; Pregnancy is a unique condition, and the vascular processes that are required for this undertaking are both complex and extensive. In this review, we discuss the vascular adaptations which occur in the maternal uterine arterial bed to maintain blood supply to the fetal-placental unit. In complicated pregnancies, inadequate remodeling of the uterine arteries, hormonal imbalances, and pre-existing conditions such as obesity, hypertension, diabetes etc. may lead to maladaptations of the uterine vasculature that includes increased vasoconstriction and endothelial dysfunction. Ultimately, uterine artery dysfunction results in increased vascular resistance impeding blood flow to the fetal-placental unit and limiting fetal growth and development. A strong association exists between poor fetal development in utero and later life health issues, which can include obesity, poor neurological development, and enhanced susceptibility to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, the detrimental outcomes of a complicated pregnancy are far-reaching and significantly impact the health of the population as a whole. Many treatment options to improve maternal uterine artery function and ameliorate the impact on the fetus are being considered. A particular difficulty in treating complicated pregnancies is the presence of not 1 but (at least) 2 patients. Novel approaches are required to successfully improve pregnancy outcomes and minimize the impact on later life health.
Sex- and gender-related prevalence, cardiovascular risk and therapeutic approach in metabolic syndrome: A review of the literature; Metabolic syndrome (MS), a cluster of metabolic abnormalities linked to insulin-resistance and abdominal obesity, is associated with an increased risk of Type II diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiovascular (CV) disease. Its prevalence is high, affecting 20%–30% of the general population, and increases with age in a sex-specific manner: in fact, while below 50 years it is slightly higher in men, it reverses after 50 years. The pronounced age-related increase in the prevalence of MS in women occurs as the result of several factors, which may be classified into sex- and gender-related factors. Sex-related factors, linked to genetical and biological pathways, are mainly driven by hyperandrogenism, insulin-resistance, and the associated increase in abdominal obesity and HDL-cholesterol reduction occurring after menopause. Gender-related factors are sensitive to social and cultural behaviors, dietary habits and psychosocial factors. Women are more prone than men to develop MS in response to work stress and low socio-economic status. Sex and gender differences in the prevalence of MS may translate in different CV risk associated. Prospective studies suggest that the CV risk in women with MS is not only equal but also superior to the CV risk of men with MS. This difference is mostly attenuated when adjusting for the presence of overt DM. Despite similar odds for CV events, the number of CV events may be higher in elderly women because of the higher prevalence of MS compared to men in this age group. Men and women may also have a differential response to treatments for MS, such as lifestyle measures and weight loss. Recent observations suggest that men are better responders than women to non-pharmaceutical therapeutic strategies aimed at reducing the prevalence of MS, although this should be confirmed in large-scale studies. The present review describes the impact of sex and gender on the prevalence, clinical presentation, prognostic significance and treatment of the MS. Attention to gender specificities should be a mandatory pre-requisite of clinical and epidemiological research on MS and CV disease, for a better knowledge and development of health strategies.
Assessment of Cardiac Function in Fetuses of Gestational Diabetic Mothers During the Second Trimester; Fetuses of diabetic mothers may have structural or functional cardiac abnormalities which increase morbidity and mortality. Isolated functional abnormalities have been identified in the third trimester. The aim of the present study was to assess fetal cardiac function (systolic, diastolic, and global myocardial performance) in the second trimester in mothers with gestational diabetes, and also to relate cardiac function with glycemic control. Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus referred for fetal cardiac evaluation in the second trimester (between 19 and 24 weeks) from March 2015 to February 2016 were enrolled as case subjects in this study. Non-diabetic mothers who had a fetal echocardiogram done between 19 and 24 weeks for other indications were enrolled as controls. Functional cardiac variables showed a statistically significant difference in isovolumetric relaxation and contraction times and the myocardial performance index and mitral E/A ratios in the gestational diabetic group (p = 0.003). Mitral annular plane systolic excursion was significantly less in the diabetic group (p = 0.01). The only functional cardiac variable found abnormal in mothers with poor glycemic control was the prolonged isovolumetric relaxation time. Functional cardiac abnormalities can be detected in the second trimester in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers and timely intervention can improve postnatal outcomes.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine and arginine metabolites in women with and without a history of gestational diabetes; Aims Dysregulation of arginine metabolism, as evidenced by increased circulating levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), has been proposed as an early event in the natural history of cardiovascular disease. Since the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a patient population at increased future risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, we sought to characterize arginine metabolism in women with and without a history of recent GDM. Methods In this prospective observational cohort study, 225 women (72 who had GDM; 153 who did not) underwent cardiometabolic characterization, including oral glucose tolerance test, at 1- and 3-years postpartum. Circulating ADMA and its stereoisomer symmetric dimethylarginine (SDMA) were measured by liquid chromatography–mass spectrometry at both visits. Results Serum ADMA and SDMA were not significantly different between the GDM and non-GDM groups at either 1-year or 3-years postpartum. On multiple linear regression analyses, high-density-lipoprotein cholesterol (t = − 2.62, p = 0.009) and creatinine (t = − 2.62, p = 0.01) were independently associated with ADMA at 3-years, while creatinine (t = 7.09, p < 0.0001) and BMI (t = − 2.24, p = 0.026) predicted SDMA. Conclusion Women with recent GDM do not exhibit altered serum concentrations of ADMA or SDMA at 1- and 3-years postpartum, suggesting that ADMA dysregulation is not a feature of their cardiometabolic profile in the early years after delivery.
Long-term consequences of obesity on female fertility and the health of the offspring; Purpose of review: Obesity has reached near epidemic levels among reproductive age women with a myriad of consequences. Obesity adversely affects the maternal milieu by creating conditions that decrease fertility and increase the risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disease in pregnancy, fetal growth abnormalities and congenital anomalies. The effects of obesity are not limited to pregnancy. Indeed, beyond the immediate postpartum period, obese women maintain a higher prevalence of insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease. In this article, we will review the pathophysiology underlying the effects of obesity on fertility, pregnancy outcome and health status of offspring. The purpose of this review is to outline proposed models responsible for the short-term and long-term consequences of obesity on fertility and offspring development, and identify knowledge gaps where additional research is needed. Recent findings: Maternal over or under nutrition adversely affect maternal reproductive capacity and pregnancy success. Separate from effects on maternal reproductive function, maternal over or under nutrition may also 'program' fetal pathophysiology through inheritance mechanisms that suggest epigenetic modification of DNA, differential RNA translation and protein expression, or modification of the fetal hypothalamic-pituitary axis function through programmed adverse effects on the developing hypothalamic circuitry. The concept of maternal health modifying the risk of developing noncommunicable diseases in the offspring is based on Developmental Origins of Health and Disease hypothesis. Summary: Of importance, the long-term effects of obesity are not limited to maternal health, but also programs pathophysiology in their offspring. Children of obese gravida are at increased risk for the development of cardiometabolic disease in childhood and throughout adulthood. Future studies directly interrogating mechanisms underlying the risks associated with obesity will allow us to develop interventions and therapies to decrease short-term and long-term morbidities associated with maternal obesity.
Chronic comorbidity in multiple sclerosis is associated with lower incomes and dissolved intimate relationships; Background and purpose: The social and economic consequences of comorbidity in multiple sclerosis (MS) are largely unexplored. Differences were investigated in income and in the rate of broken relationships between cases of MS with and without chronic comorbidity. Methods: We conducted a nationwide cohort study including all incident cases of MS in Denmark with clinical MS onset between 1980 and 2005. The difference in income was investigated at MS onset and 5 and 10 years after MS onset. The difference in the rate of broken relationships was investigated in subjects who were in a relationship at MS onset or who entered a relationship after MS onset. We used logistic, multiple linear and Poisson regression analyses. Results: Cases of MS with somatic comorbidity had increased odds of low incomes both 5 years {odds ratio (OR), 1.41 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.19–1.67; P < 0.0005]} and 10 years [OR, 1.37 (95% CI, 1.17–1.60); P < 0.0005] after MS onset. The odds of a low income with psychiatric comorbidity was increased 10 years after MS onset [OR, 3.06 (95% CI, 1.47–6.37); P = 0.003]. The rate of broken relationships was increased in cases of MS with any somatic comorbidity [incidence rate ratio, 1.46 (95% CI, 1.32–1.61); P < 0.0005]. Conclusions: Our results underscore the burden of comorbidity in MS on patients, their partners and society.
Maternal diabetes and fetal cardiac output; Background: The in-utero environment is a key determinant of health outcomes in children; poor maternal metabolic state (diabetic, placental insufficiency) is strongly associated with long-term health risks. Myocardial hypertrophy has been observed in fetuses of diabetic mothers, as early as 20 weeks, even with reasonable metabolic control. Little is known about the differences in hemodynamics, in particular, cardiac output between fetuses of diabetic mothers (DM) vs non diabetic mothers (NDM). The objective of this study was to investigate the left and right sided and combined cardiac output in fetuses of DM vs NDM. Methods: Retrospective data were collected with GE Voluson/Phillips in 519 fetuses of DM and 53 NDM at a mean gestational age of 23 weeks. Examination included 2D echo and pulse wave Doppler using variable frequency transducers. Imaging included aortic (AV) and pulmonary valve (PV) annulus diameter, aortic and pulmonary velocity time interval, and heart rate. Fetal weight was calculated using the Hadlock formula. Cardiac output was calculated using = [0.785 ∗ (d∧2) ∗ TVI ∗ HR] / wt.The two-sample t-test was used to compare mean maternal weight between DM and NDM; Wilcoxon rank-sum tests were used to compare distributions of fetal continuous measures between DM and NDM. Results: DM mothers had a higher mean weight (94.3 ± 23.4 kg) than NDM (75.1 ± 14.6 kg), p < 0.0001. Due to high fetal weight in DM (0.77 ± 0.4 kg) than NDM (0.72 ± 0.5 kg), p < 0.013, 66% of DM fetuses were delivered by C-section. The mean Hemoglobin A1c in DM was 6.3 ± 1.1 mg/dL (N = 370). All fetuses had normal cardiac anatomy. Fetuses of DM mothers had significantly larger AV diameter, higher LV output, combined cardiac output, and lower RV output compared to NDM (Table). Conclusion: The greater combined and left sided cardiac output in fetuses of DM compared to NDM, after adjustment for fetal weight, may represent differences in cardiac adaptation to the diabetic environment. Postnatal followup could provide further insight in the mechanisms of these changes. (Table Presented).
Assessing vascular characteristics of the fetal descending aorta; Background: There is evidence that maternal diabetes may result in increased aortic intima media thickness (aIMT) in newborns. Furthermore, decreased arterial compliance is one earliest detectable manifestation of adverse structural and functional changes in the vessel wall. Few studies related to fetal vasculature are present in the literature and none related to diabetic mothers. Our objective was to measure aIMT, compliance (COM) and distensibility (DIS) in the abdominal aorta, in fetuses in diabetic (DM) and non- diabetic (NDM) mothers. Methods: The distal abdominal aorta of 41 fetuses (N=25 NDM, N=16 DM), between 24-25 weeks was imaged with conventional fetal echocardiography (Image). An automated technique with narrow-band level-set applied to the aortic lumen, to segment the portions between the blood-intima and media-adventitia interfaces determined the abdominal aorta wall. Images were analyzed using computer automated wall and tracking software to measure aIMT, COM and DIS. Fetal blood pressure was estimated as described by Struijk, et al., 2008: (SBP = 1.06 ∗ gestational age (GA) + 15.91, DBP = 0.67 ∗ GA + 2.47). Descriptive and comparative statistics were-performed in R. A p-value of 0.05 denotes statistical significance. Results: DM and NDM were similar in age (31 ± 4 vs 32 ± 5 (p - 0.45) and height ( 1.6 ± 0.08 vs 1.6 ± 0.07 (p -0.85). DM had higher weight (84 ± 22) vs. NDM (72 ± 14), p - 0.07. Fetal comparisons are shown in table. Conclusions: This study is the first to show that it is feasible to measure aIMT, COM and DIS in fetal abdominal aorta in diabetic mothers. Fetuses of DM mothers had greater compliance and than NDM mothers. The exact reason for this differences is unknown; however it is possible that a period of adaptation or arterial re-modeling (increased compliance) may develop before arterial stiffness, or lower compliance. This potential prenatal cardiovascular remodeling may set the stage for vascular changes and cardiovascular risk that need further investigation. (Figure Presented).
The relevance of hyperglycemia in pregnancy on perinatal outcomes and future burden of non-communicable diseases in europe and the figo guideline; The burden of pre-diabetes and diabetes fueled by urbanization, unhealthy eating, reduced physical activity and rising obesity continues to grow. The prevalence of diabetes in Europe among all age groups, including younger people in the reproductive age, is rising. About 60 million people are already affected and by 2040 this number is projected to reach 71 million people; there is an equally high burden of pre-diabetes - approximately 32 million, which is likely to rise to about 37 million in the same time period3. Approximately one in three pregnant women in Europe are obese or overweight4. The age at childbirth also continues to rise; in many countries, over 20% of births are to women aged 35 years or more4. It should therefore be no surprise that hyperglycemia in pregnancy (HIP) is one of the most common medical conditions affecting women during pregnancy. According to IDF, an estimated 14% of live births in Europe may be impacted by hyperglycemia during pregnancy3. Non-white immigrant mothers that account for a significant proportion of pregnancies4 are even more vulnerable. Inadequately managed (and by corollary undiagnosed) HIP significantly increases risk of pregnancy complications: hypertension, obstructed labor, postpartum hemorrhage, infections, still births, premature delivery, both large and small for gestational age babies, congenital anomalies, newborn deaths due to respiratory problems, hypoglycemia and birth injuries5. The risk and number of these complications are directly related to level of maternal hyperglycemia. This is why the St Vincent's declaration had laid special emphasis on pregnant women with diabetes with more marked hyperglycemia. Aside from striving to achieve the St Vincent's objective for pregnant women with known diabetes, Europe now has to deal with the challenge of increasing burden of previously undiagnosed type 2 diabetes in pregnancy (DIP) and gestational hyperglycemia (Gestational Diabetes Mellitus). Although being overweight and obese along with increasing maternal age significantly increases the risk for HIP, in practice, only half of the women with HIP have these risk factors. The sensitivity to detect GDM is poor, thus supporting the contention that identification of HIP requires universal testing of all pregnant women6. There is lack of consensus on the optimal approach to testing for HIP in Europe7 particularly, the utility of continued use of risk-based testing versus universal testing. There is evidence of both immediate and long term health and economic benefits of testing, diagnosis and management of HIP and providing postpartum preventive care. However some physicians have expressed concerns that universal testing and (consequently) increased diagnosis of GDM would place additional logistical and economic challenges to healthcare systems, as oral glucose tolerance tests (OGTT) are time-consuming and incur costs. On the other hand, the problem of complex protocols for testing based on risk factors, which places high demands on healthcare providers, with the consequent lower compliance and missed diagnosis has not been acknowledged. While infant and maternal mortality in Europe is generally quite low and continues to decline, perinatal mortality and morbidity remains a major concern. The incidence of pre-term and very pre-term births, fetal growth restriction, and congenital anomalies has increased in many countries, reflecting limited achievements in preventing high risk situations4. About one-third of all fetal deaths and 40% of all neonatal deaths in Europe were among babies born before 28 weeks of gestation4. The proportions of live births with birth weight under 2500 g vary from under 4% to slightly over 9%. Stillbirths have also declined less rapidly, and in many cases their causes remain unknown4. Increased clinical and community awareness of the risks associated with common pre-gestational and gestational medical disorders (e.g., diabetes and hypertension) and implementation of best practice guidelines might improve management and lower associated stillbirth rates8. Most of the maternal deaths in Europe, as elsewhere in the world are directly due to hemorrhage, hypertension, thromboembolic disease, sepsis and obstructed labor, the risk for which is considerably increased with HIP. With the introduction of targeted interventions, there are declining rates of direct maternal deaths within Europe. Therefore efforts to further improve maternal health will have to be refocused on reduction of maternal morbidity and indirect causes of mortality. Addressing obesity and HIP may help lower maternal and newborn morbidity and mortality by lowering the risk of pregnancy complications such as pre-term births, still births, congenital anomalies, small and large babies which are critical problems for maternal and child health in Europe4. Without preventive care, almost half of women with gestational diabetes go on to develop type 2 diabetes and a significant proportion develops premature cardiovascular disease within 10 years of childbirth. Children born to women with HIP are also at very high risk of obesity, early onset type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease whereby, HIP perpetuates these conditions into the next generation. Focusing on maternal obesity and HIP screening during pregnancy provides a unique opportunity to integrate services which would lower traditional maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality indicators and address inter-generational prevention of NCDs such as obesity, diabetes, hypertension and CVD. But how can we achieve this when we bury our heads in the sand and continue to disregard the basic premise of testing all pregnant women for hyperglycemia? It is unbelievable, that health care funding has not been prioritized for this and for targeted, preventive post-partum care and health promotion for high-risk mother and child pairs. An important reason for the lack of progress on the St. Vincent's goal related to pregnancy in women with diabetes perhaps was the lack of ownership and involvement of obstetricians. Most of the attention on gestational diabetes including setting diagnostic cut off values in the past has been based on the future risk of type 2 diabetes with scant attention paid to the perinatal outcomes particularly among women with the so called “mild gestational hyperglycemia”. Studies in the last decade have shown significant associations between adverse pregnancy outcomes and levels of maternal glucose considered within the nondiabetic range9, 10. Meta-analysis of randomized control trials shows that treatment of gestational hyperglycemia improves pregnancy outcomes11. Therefore the recent focus of the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) on hyperglycemia in pregnancy, resulting in the release of pragmatic guidelines6 at the FIGO World Congress in Vancouver in 2015 and the subsequent setting up a working group on HIP is very welcome. FIGO demands greater attention on the links between maternal health and non-communicable diseases in the sustainable developmental goals agenda; in particular, to gestational hyperglycemia and its propensity to fuel the global diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease pandemic. FIGO also asks for public health measures to increase awareness, access, affordability, and acceptance of preconception counseling, and prenatal and postnatal services for women of reproductive age to be prioritized. This stance is in line with the UN Declaration on non-communicable diseases12 and the policy brief of the European Institute of Women's Health (EIWH) (http://eurohealth.ie/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/women-and-diabetes-policy-brief.pdf). FIGO also recommends that all pregnant women should be tested for hyperglycemia during pregnancy using a one-step procedure as a minimum standard and encourages all countries and its member associations to adapt and promote strategies to ensure this. Following a pregnancy complicated by GDM, the postpartum period provides an important platform to initiate beneficial health practices for both mother and child to reduce the future burden of several non-communicable diseases. FIGO recommends that obstetricians should establish links with family physicians, internists, pediatricians, and other healthcare providers to support postpartum follow-up of mothers with HIP and their children. A follow-up program linked to the child's vaccination and regular health check-up visits provides an opportunity for continued engagement with the high risk mother child pair. FIGO seeks greater international research collaboration to address the knowledge gaps to better understand the links between maternal health and non-communicable diseases and create evidence-based best practice standards for testing, management, and care of women with GDM. The FIGO guideline has received widespread support and recognition from many professional organizations from across the world particularly from Europe, Australia, Canada and the developing world including organizations in India, China and Africa. The European Association of Perinatal Medicine (EAPM), the European Board and College of Obstetrics and Gynecology (EBCOG) and the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) were amongst the first to endorse and support the document. It is about time that health planners and policy makers in Europe pay heed to these recommendations and take appropriate steps to implement the necessary actions.
Perinatal management of the Cantu syndrome: A case report; Background: Cantu syndrome is a rare disorder characterized by congenital hypertrichosis, neonatal macrosomia, a distinct osteochondrodysplasia, and cardiomegaly. Cantu syndrome is caused by mutations in the ABCC9 gene, and it has been newly added to the list of KATP channelopathies. Case presentation: We report a case of a 22-year-old primiparous woman who had recurrent polyhydramnios. She needed drainage of amniotic fluid five times until 34 weeks ofgestation. Fetal heart showed myocardial hypertrophy and cardiomegaly at 34 weeks of gestation. She had a Caesarean section due to preeclampsia at 38 weeks of gestation. Her baby boy weighting 4349 g had congenital hypertrichosis, characteristic face, persistent ductus arteriosus (PDA), cardiomegaly, and skeletal abnormalities. He underwent PDA ligation on day 6, and was treated for cardiac failure. Genetic analysis revealed mutations in the ABCC9 gene. Conclusions: To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case of fetal Cantu syndrome in Japan; only few studies have reported prenatal findings of Cantu syndrome. There is a possibility that undiagnosed cases of Cantu syndrome may exist in cases of unexplained polyhydramnios and macrosomia.
Transfusion related acute lung injury (TRALI)-a case report; Background: TRALI is a rare but potentially fatal complication of blood product transfusion. It is an acute immune mediated transfusion reaction resulting in noncardiogenic pulmonary edema during or within 6 h of transfusing plasma containing blood products. TRALI is a clinical diagnosis made by the exclusion of other causes of acute respiratory failure. Only a few cases have been reported in Sri Lanka. Aims: TRALI presents a challenge in diagnosis as well as management. We report the case of a 40-year-old female who presented with features of TRALI after FFP transfusion and the consequent management of this patient and the implicated donor. Methods: A forty year old pregnant woman admitted to the hospital at term for delivery. She was a primigravida with gestational diabetes mellitus on dietary control and severe scoliosis with bilateral lower limb weakness. She was on Enoxaparin for DVT prophylaxis for 2 months. Before the expected date of delivery the patient developed dribbling and an emergency Caesarean section was decided. She was transfused with five units of FFP over 2 h. One hour after the completion of transfusion patient developed fever (99.4 F), decreased SPO2, stridor and dyspnea. She was intubated and sent for the emergency LSCS under general anesthesia. Following surgery she was extubated and sent back to the ward with oxygen support. In the ward saturation started declining and the patient was transferred to the medical intensive care unit (MICU). With this clinical picture, heart failure, lower respiratory tract infection or transfusion reaction were considered as differential diagnosis. ABO incompatibility was excluded at the blood bank. In the MICU, patient's pulse rate and blood pressure was stable and she was afebrile. She was treated with steroids and diuretics. Chest X- RAY revealed bilateral pulmonary infiltrates, more on the left side. 2D ECHO and ECG were normal. IV antibiotics were started suspecting bronchopneumonia. No signs of fluid overload was detected. On the following day the chest X-RAY was repeated and it was normal with clear lung fields. Patient's shortness of breath also improved and oxygen support was removed. IV antibiotics were omitted. Patient recovered completely on the 4th day and was subsequently discharged. Results: The FFP donors were traced. Among them two were multiparous female donors. Serum of the two female donors were tested for HLA antibodies using Lymphocytotoxicity method. In one donor HLA class 1 IgM antibodies were detected with PRA positivity. Specificity not identified and leucocyte crossmatch was compatible. The particular donor was removed from the donor pool. Summary/Conclusions: TRALI is an acute life-threatening transfusion reaction often under diagnosed, underreported and inappropriately managed. It is of utmost importance to improve awareness about TRALI and appropriate use of blood components. Decisions of the transfusion services to use male only plasma and prepare apheresis platelets from males and nulliparous females will further support to minimize TRALI cases.
Biomarkers of vascular injury after recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or milder gestational impaired glucose intolerance (GIGT) have elevated future risks of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, it is unclear if they show postpartum evidence of vascular injury, an early event in the natural history of CVD. Thus, we evaluated the relationship between gestational dysglycemia and serum markers of vascular injury (thrombomodulin, e-selectin, p-selectin, ICAM-3, VCAM-1) at 3-years postpartum. In this study, 337 women underwent a glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnancy, followed by repeat OGTT and biomarker measurement at 3-years postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n=105), GIGT (n=59), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (n=98), and normal GCT with NGT (n=75). At 3-years, 69 women had prediabetes/diabetes. VCAM-1 was the only vascular biomarker that differed amongst gestational and current glucose tolerance groups (Figure). On multiple linear regression analysis, each degree of gestational dysglycemia was an independent predictor of lower VCAM-1 (GDM p=0.005; GIGT p=0.003; abnormal GCT NGT p=0.0008), as was current prediabetes/diabetes (p=0.01). Thus, amongst vascular biomarkers, dysregulation of VCAM-1 may be an early event in the natural history of CVD in women with recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. (Figure presented).
Cardiovascular disease triples the odds for diabetes diagnosis; Recent estimates show that at least a third of people with diabetes are unaware of their disease, and it still is found as late as at the occurrence of acute myocardial infarction or stroke. In 2014-2015 we conducted a primary care physician (PCP)-based nationwide screening programme aiming at identifying individuals with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. 561 PCPs enrolled 21726 subjects. No earlier diagnosis of diabetes/prediabetes and the presence of at least one risk factor (age >45 yrs, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, presence of fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidaemia, coronary artery disease (CAD), peripheral artery disease, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome, history of stroke, gestational diabetes or having a child of birth weight >4 kg, BMI >25 kg/m2 or waist circumference >80 cm [women] or 94 cm [men]) were inclusion criteria. All individuals underwent fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement, and if it was >125 mg/dl, second FPG measurement was conducted. The subjects with first FPG measurement 100-125 mg/dl had an oral 75 g glucose tolerance test performed. Diabetes was diagnosed in 4221 (19.4%) subjects, and having had a stroke or CAD more than tripled the risk for diabetes diagnosis, and this effect was greater than that of other risk factors (Table 1). In conclusion, subjects with CAD or history of stroke are at high risk of having diabetes and thus should be actively screened towards it. (Table Presented).
Prevalence of polycystic ovary syndrome in the Qatari population; Background Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with infertility, gestational diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and an increased risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease; all features reported in the Qatari population. However, the prevalence of PCOS in the Qatari population is unknown and hence the estimated impact on the local population cannot be determined. The purpose of this cross-sectional analysis is to estimate the prevalence of PCOS among Qatari women using data from the Qatar biobank. Methods The Qatar biobank is an ambitious program that aims to recruit, deep phenotype and genotype 60,000 Qatari men and women aged 18 years or more from the general population. In the first phase over 3,000 Qatari subjects have volunteered and been phenotyped and genotyped. 750 women between the ages of 18-40 years were identified, of whom 720 had testosterone and SHBG measurements. PCOS was diagnosed according the Androgen Society (AS) Guidelines of a raised androgen level and menstrual irregularity after the exclusion of other conditions. Results All results are reported as mean value PCOS versus control. 97 of 720 women fulfilled the AS guidelines (13.5%) for PCOS specifically using a free androgen index greater than 4.0 ((testosterone/SHBG) x 100). PCOS subjects were younger than control subjects (mean 28.1 v 29.5 years, p=0.04). In accord with the recognized phenotypic features, PCOS subjects were heavier (mean 78.0 v 67.8kg, p<0.001) and waist circumference was greater (mean 87.6 v 78.0cm, p<0.001), systolic and diastolic blood pressure were higher (mean 109 v 105mmHg and 72.8 v 68.7mmHg, respectively, p<0.001). Vicorder pulse wave velocity was greater (mean 10.0 v 9.7, p=0.025). Biochemically, elevated levels of C reactive protein (8.3 v 6.7mmol/l), HbA1 c (5.6 v 5.3%) and insulin (16.9 v 14.1nmol/l) were seen in the PCOS group (p<0.001). HDL levels were decreased (mean 1.3 v 1.6mmol/l, p<0.001) however LDL levels did not differ (mean 2.8 v 3.0mmol/l, p=0.52) nor did glucose levels (mean 5.0 v 5.0mmol/l, p=0.23) Summary Using the AS guidelines the initial prevalence in this small cohort was 13.4%, not dissimilar to the 11.7% reported for an Iranian population. Data suggests that this would translate into a prevalence of between 16- 20% using the Rotterdam criteria for PCOS. The Qatari PCOS group had a more metabolic phenotype than other ethnic populations reported in the literature.
Letrozole treatment of pubertal female mice results in multiple features of PCOS metabolic dysregulation; Approximately 6-15% of women worldwide are affected by polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Although PCOS was originally described as a reproductive disorder with associated obesity, over 30 years of clinical research have confirmed that it is also a metabolic disorder. Hyperandrogenism is the strongest predictor of metabolic dysfunction associated with PCOS. In addition to infertility, women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. We previously developed a mouse model that uses the aromatase inhibitor, letrozole to elevate endogenous testosterone levels in female mice. This mouse model has hallmarks of PCOS including hyperandrogenism, anovulation and polycystic ovaries. In addition, we showed that letrozole treatment results in increased weight, abdominal adiposity and glucose intolerance. In the current study, we further characterized the metabolic dysfunction that occurs after letrozole treatment to determine whether this model is representative of the PCOS metabolic phenotype. Our studies demonstrated that letrozole-treated mice developed hyperinsulinemia, mild hyperglycemia and abnormal glucose tolerance within 1 week of treatment and without evidence of insulin resistance. After 2 weeks of letrozole treatment, mice were significantly heavier than placebo-treated mice, indicating that weight gain was not required to develop hyperinsulinemia or glucose intolerance. After 5 weeks of letrozole treatment, mice exhibited blunted glucose-stimulated insulin secretion, insulin resistance and impaired insulin-induced phosphorylation of AKT in skeletal muscle. Moreover, letrozole-treated mice exhibited dyslipidemia after 5 weeks of treatment, but no evidence of steatosis or hepatic disease. In summary, we demonstrated that the letrozole-induced PCOS mouse model exhibits many features of the metabolic dysregulation observed in overweight/obese women with PCOS diagnosed with hyperandrogenism and ovulatory dysfunction. This model will be useful for mechanistic studies investigating how hyperandrogenemia impacts metabolism in females and may provide insight into the development of novel treatments for the metabolic dysfunction that occurs in PCOS.
Evaluation of admission indications, clinical characteristics and outcomes of obstetric patients admitted to the intensive care unit of a teaching hospital center: A five-year retrospective review; Background: Care of obstetric patients has always been a challenge for critical care physicians, because in addition to their complex pregnancy-related disease, fetal viability is considered. Objectives: The aim of this study was to review the admission indications, clinical characteristics and outcomes of obstetric patients, admitted to the intensive care unit of Alzzahra teaching hospital affiliated to Guilan University of Medical Sciences, Rasht, Iran. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted on pregnant/post-partum (up to 6 weeks) patients admitted to the ICU over a 5-year period from April 2009 to April, 2014. Results: Data from 1019 subjects were analyzed. Overall, 90.1% of the patients were admitted in the postpartum period. The most common indications for admission were pregnancy related hypertensive disorders (27.5%) and obstetric hemorrhage (13.5%). Epilepsy (5.4%) and cardiac disease (5.2%) were the most common non-obstetric indications. Conclusions: Pregnancy-related hypertensive disorders and obstetric hemorrhage were the main reasons for admission, and epilepsy and cardiac disease were the most common non-obstetric indications. Efforts must be concentrated on increasing antenatal care.
Early postpartum lipid profile in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus: Results of a prospective cohort study; Background: Dyslipidemia is a well-known risk factor of cardiovascular disease. Few studies focused on early postpartum lipids profile, particularly in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Objectives: This study aims at determining the levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides LDL-C, HDL-C, and VLDL-C at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum in women with gestational diabetes, comparing them to lipids profiles of controls and identifying independent risk factors of dyslipidemia in 2 studied groups. Methods: Life after gestational diabetes, Ahvaz study (LAGAs), was started on March 2015. This was an ongoing population-based cohort study that aimed at investigating metabolic outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus and comparing them with healthy groups. Up to February 2016, during the first 11 months sampling, 176 women with gestational diabetes and 86 healthy mothers underwent FBS, 75-g 2- hour oral glucose tolerance and fasting lipids tests (including total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL- cholesterol, HDL -cholesterol, and VLDL-cholesterol) in 6 to 12 weeks after delivery. Results: Overall prevalence of dyslipidemia was 73.7%. Most common forms of dyslipidemia in 2 groups were HDL-C < 50 and raised total cholesterol (T-C ≥ 200). Women with gestational diabetes had higher total cholesterol, triglyceride, LDL-C, and VLDL-C compared with controls. Prevalence of total cholesterol ≥ 200, triglyceride ≥ 150, HDL-C < 50 (md/dL), and LDL-C ≥ 130 (md/dL) was 37.5%, 22.2%, 43.8%, and 27.8 in GDM women 6 to 12 weeks after delivery, respectively; 73.3% (129/176 (of GDM women had at least one abnormal values of lipids. Pre-pregnancy BMI ≥ 25 and history of GDM in first relatives were associated risk factors for dyslipidemia in women with gestational diabetes. In multivariate analysis, only BMI ≥ 25 in healthy group remained as an independent risk factor for dyslipidemia 6 to 12 weeks postpartum. Conclusions: Dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with and without GDM at 6 to 12 weeks postpartum, particularly in overweight and obese women. Dyslipidemia and obesity are both modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
PCOS a multifaceted disease in need of a multidisciplinary approach; At an early age the most common reason of women diagnosed with PCOS to consult a doctor is irregular bleeding and infertility. Bleeding problems can often been addressed adequately by hormonal interventions. Prognosis for infertility is usually excellent with high cumulative (singleton) pregnancy rates. However, pregnancies complications are clearly increased and perinatal outcomes are compromised. Obstetricians are currently focusing on gestational diabetes in thesewomenand aim to develop preventive strategies. When women with PCOS get older, menstrual cycle patterns often normalize, but metabolic abnormalities aggravate and type 2 diabetes or hypertension occurs. Many studies confirm the presence of subclinical cardiovascular disease (i.e. abnormal intima media thickness and flow mediated dilatation) in women with PCOS between 40 and 50 years of age. However, despite overwhelming evidence suggesting increased risk for cardiovascular disease in these women, most studies so far failed to demonstrate in increased incidence of cardiovascular events such as myocardial infarction, stroke or death. These studies are often in postmenopausal women, cross section or retrospective in nature. It remains surprising that many increased risk factor in PCOS for developing cardiovascular disease do not seem directly linked to actual disease. The presence of - as yet unknown - protective factors may be hypothesized. PCOS has become a disease condition broadly recognized as having major implications for quality of life throughout the life cycle. In the past, gynecologists focused only on reproductive dysfunction in these women, but at present many other specialties are getting involved. We need multi-disciplinary approaches for proper care of women with PCOS at different phases of life.
Skin autofluorescence, a non-invasive biomarker for advanced glycation end products, is associated with the metabolic syndrome and its individual components; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MetS) comprises several cardiometabolic risk factors associated with increased risk for both type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Skin autofluorescence (SAF), a non-invasive biomarker of advanced glycation end products accumulation, is associated with cardiovascular complications in subjects with diabetes. The aim of the present study was to examine the association between SAF and the presence of MetS as well as its individual components in a general population. Methods: For this cross-sectional analysis, we included 78,671 non-diabetic subjects between 18 and 80 years of age who participated in the LifeLines Cohort Study and had SAF measurement obtained non-invasively using the AGE Reader. MetS was defined according to the revised NCEP ATP III criteria. Students unpaired t test was used to test differences between groups. Both logistic and linear regression analyses were performed in order to test associations between the individual MetS components and SAF. Results: Subjects with MetS had higher SAF (2.07 ± 0.45 arbitrary units, AU) compared to individuals without MetS (1.89 ± 0.42 AU) (p < 0.001). There was a positive association between the number of MetS components and higher SAF Z-scores (p < 0.001). Individuals in the highest SAF tertile had a higher presence of MetS (OR 2.61; 95% CI 2.48-2.75) and some of the individual components compared to subjects in the lowest SAF tertile. After correction for age, gender, creatinine clearance, HbA1c and smoking status, only elevated blood pressure and low HDL cholesterol remained significantly associated with higher SAF (p = 0.002 and p = 0.001 respectively). Conclusion: Skin autofluorescence was associated with the presence of MetS and some of its individual components. In addition, increasing SAF Z-scores were observed with a higher number of MetS components. Prospective studies are needed to establish whether SAF can be used as an (additional) screening tool to predict both cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes in high-risk populations.
The identification of the relationship between the perceived social support, fatigue levels and maternal attachment during the postpartum period; Objective: This study aims to determinate the relationship between social support perceived by women, fatigue levels and maternal attachment in postpartum period. Methods: The sample of this descriptive study consists of 181 women who gave birth in the study period. The data was collected by the socio-demographic characteristics forms; “Multidimensional Scale of Perceived Social Support” (MSPSS); “Multidimensional Assessment of Fatigue Scale” (MAFS) and “Maternal Attachment Scale” (MAS) on the postpartum first days and 30–40th days. Results: MSPSS scores of women who had university or higher education, employed, had their first pregnancy, have 12 months or less between two pregnancies, were found to be significantly higher than others. MAS scores of women at the end of the postpartum first month were significantly increased. MAFS scores of women at the end of the postpartum first month were significantly decreased. The correlation between the fatigue levels and maternal attachment levels at the end of the postpartum first month was found to be negative and significant. Conclusion: In the postpartum period, the care of the mother should include social support, maternal attachment and fatigue assessment. Mothers should be encouraged to use social support resources. The continuity of social support systems should be provided.
Pregnancy Outcomes Following Ulipristal Acetate Emergency Contraception Failure: A Report of Five Cases; Introduction: The emergency contraceptive ulipristal acetate (UPA) 30 mg is increasingly used by women, but there is no published data on UPA exposure in pregnancy. Case report: Here we describe five cases of unintended pregnancies following the use of UPA for emergency contraception. Of five pregnant women exposed to UPA, one decided to terminate the pregnancy for personal reasons. Two of them experienced premature rupture of membranes and the babies were born large for gestational age (LGA). The other two women experienced gestational diabetes, and one of them also delivered a LGA baby. The blood glucose levels of the mothers were normal after delivery and at six weeks postpartum. No birth defects and no growth or developmental abnormalities for the infants were reported during 6 months follow-up. Conclusion: Pregnant women inadvertently exposed to UPA should be monitored carefully, unless further data are available.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia. Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are not routinely screened for cardiovascular risk factors. Aims: The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women with GDM. Methods: The study was performed in a large university hospital. Women with GDM had a fasting lipid profile performed 6 weeks postnatally. Clinical details were obtained from the medical records. Lipid results in our cohort were compared with healthy women of the same age. Results: The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52 % (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44 % (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33 % (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16 % (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73 % (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. Four of the five women with an abnormal postpartum GTT had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had higher total cholesterol (p = 0.04), higher LDL (p = 0.003), higher triglycerides (p < 0.001) and lower HDL (p < 0.04). Conclusions: Women with GDM should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum and protective cardiovascular interventions offered where appropriate.
A retrospective cohort analysis of hypoglycaemic and cardiovascular agent use in young adults in the Irish primary care setting; Aim: The prevalence of type 2 diabetes in young adults is increasing, yet little is known about medication use in this population. This study aimed to describe hypoglycaemic and cardiovascular treatment patterns in young adults newly treated with oral hypoglycaemic agents. Methods: A retrospective cohort study from 2008–2011 was conducted using the Irish national pharmacy claims database. Subjects aged 15–39 years were analysed for use of hypoglycaemic therapy, subsequent regimen changes, and any co-prescription of cardiovascular agents 1 year after treatment initiation. Cox-proportional-hazards regression and logistic regression were used to examine factors associated with non-persistence to initial hypoglycaemic therapy (in males only), insulin use as a regimen change, and use of cardiovascular agents. Hazard ratios (HR), odds ratios (OR), and 95 % confidence intervals (CI) are presented. Results: There were 5284 individuals initiated on hypoglycaemic agents. Most were initiated on metformin (88 %); 13 % of subjects received a hypoglycaemic agent regimen change, with insulin being used in 26 % of these cases. A total of 38 % of males were non-persistent with their initial hypoglycaemic agent, with males aged 15–29 years and those on sulphonylureas significantly more likely to be non-persistent with therapy. Over 40 % of subjects were initiated on cardiovascular agents. Females were less likely to receive cardiovascular agents [OR 0.50 (95 % CI 0.42–0.83)]. Conclusions: Treatment patterns were found to be associated with high levels of non-persistence, substantial use of insulin, and a low use of cardiovascular agents. This may pose problems for the management of the long-term complications associated with type 2 diabetes.
Sex-gender-related therapeutic approaches for cardiovascular complications associated with diabetes; Diabetes is a chronic disease associated with micro- and macrovascular complications and is a well-established risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular complications associated with diabetes are among the most important causes of death in diabetic patients. Interestingly, several sex-gender differences have been reported to significantly impact in the pathophysiology of diabetes. In particular, sex-gender differences have been reported to affect diabetes epidemiology, risk factors, as well as cardiovascular complications associated with diabetes. This suggests that different therapeutic approaches are needed for managing diabetes-associated cardiovascular complications in men and women. In this review, we will discuss about the sex-gender differences that are known to impact on diabetes, mainly focusing on the cardiovascular complications associated with the disease. We will then discuss the therapeutic approaches for managing diabetes-associated cardiovascular complications and how differences in sex-gender can influence the existing therapeutic approaches.
Assessment of a personalized and distributed patient guidance system; Objectives The MobiGuide project aimed to establish a ubiquitous, user-friendly, patient-centered mobile decision-support system for patients and for their care providers, based on the continuous application of clinical guidelines and on semantically integrated electronic health records. Patients would be empowered by the system, which would enable them to lead their normal daily lives in their regular environment, while feeling safe, because their health state would be continuously monitored using mobile sensors and self-reporting of symptoms. When conditions occur that require medical attention, patients would be notified as to what they need to do, based on evidence-based guidelines, while their medical team would be informed appropriately, in parallel. We wanted to assess the system's feasibility and potential effects on patients and care providers in two different clinical domains. Materials and methods We describe MobiGuide's architecture, which embodies these objectives. Our novel methodologies include a ubiquitous architecture, encompassing a knowledge elicitation process for parallel coordinated workflows for patients and care providers; the customization of computer-interpretable guidelines (CIGs) by secondary contexts affecting remote management and distributed decision-making; a mechanism for episodic, on demand projection of the relevant portions of CIGs from a centralized, backend decision-support system (DSS), to a local, mobile DSS, which continuously delivers the actual recommendations to the patient; shared decision-making that embodies patient preferences; semantic data integration; and patient and care provider notification services. MobiGuide has been implemented and assessed in a preliminary fashion in two domains: atrial fibrillation (AF), and gestational diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Ten AF patients used the AF MobiGuide system in Italy and 19 GDM patients used the GDM MobiGuide system in Spain. The evaluation of the MobiGuide system focused on patient and care providers’ compliance to CIG recommendations and their satisfaction and quality of life. Results Our evaluation has demonstrated the system's capability for supporting distributed decision-making and its use by patients and clinicians. The results show that compliance of GDM patients to the most important monitoring targets – blood glucose levels (performance of four measurements a day: 0.87 ± 0.11; measurement according to the recommended frequency of every day or twice a week: 0.99 ± 0.03), ketonuria (0.98 ± 0.03), and blood pressure (0.82 ± 0.24) – was high in most GDM patients, while compliance of AF patients to the most important targets was quite high, considering the required ECG measurements (0.65 ± 0.28) and blood-pressure measurements (0.75 ± 1.33). This outcome was viewed by the clinicians as a major potential benefit of the system, and the patients have demonstrated that they are capable of self-monitoring – something that they had not experienced before. In addition, the system caused the clinicians managing the AF patients to change their diagnosis and subsequent treatment for two of the ten AF patients, and caused the clinicians managing the GDM patients to start insulin therapy earlier in two of the 19 patients, based on system's recommendations. Based on the end-of-study questionnaires, the sense of safety that the system has provided to the patients was its greatest asset. Analysis of the patients’ quality of life (QoL) questionnaires for the AF patients was inconclusive, because while most patients reported an improvement in their quality of life in the EuroQoL questionnaire, most AF patients reported a deterioration in the AFEQT questionnaire. Discussion Feasibility and some of the potential benefits of an evidence-based distributed patient-guidance system were demonstrated in both clinical domains. The potential application of MobiGuide to other medical domains is supported by its standards-based patient health record with multiple electronic medical record linking capabilities, generic data insertion methods, generic medical knowledge representation and application methods, and the ability to communicate with a wide range of sensors. Future larger scale evaluations can assess the impact of such a system on clinical outcomes. Conclusion MobiGuide's feasibility was demonstrated by a working prototype for the AF and GDM domains, which is usable by patients and clinicians, achieving high compliance to self-measurement recommendations, while enhancing the satisfaction of patients and care providers.
Biomarkers for Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes in Rheumatic Diseases; Pregnancy is a delicate balance of angiogenic factors. Adverse pregnancy outcomes in the form of placental insufficiency occur when antiangiogenic factors predominate, which manifests as maternal-placental syndrome (MPS). Women with rheumatic disease are at increased risk of MPS. Endothelial damage from circulating antiangiogenic factors and other inflammatory molecules in combination with preexisting maternal vascular risk factors is the likely underlying pathophysiological process for MPS. It is likely that these changes persist, and additional “insults” from ongoing inflammation, medications, and disease damage contribute to the development of accelerated cardiovascular disease seen in young women with rheumatic disease.
Challenges of Takayasu Arteritis in Pregnancy: A Case Report; Takayasu arteritis is a rare, chronic vasculitis of unknown etiology characterized by inflammation of the aorta and its main branches. Although Takayasu arteritis mostly affects women of childbearing age, there is a paucity in the literature on pregnancy associated with Takayasu arteritis. Pregnant patients are at increased risk of cardiovascular complications, including hypertension and congestive heart failure, which may jeopardize both maternal and fetal outcomes. Furthermore, optimal management has not yet been established for pregnant patients with Takayasu arteritis, posing a clinical challenge. We present a case of a young woman with Takayasu arteritis whose symptoms and disease activity improved during 2 pregnancies. Although her first pregnancy was complicated with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm vaginal delivery, her second pregnancy was uneventful. This case provides a rare glimpse of Takayasu arteritis in pregnancy and highlights the challenges of medical management in gravid patients.
Cardiac function in obese pregnant women; Background: During pregnancy cardiovascular system undergoes complex changes including cardiac function and remodelling, left ventricle (LV) hypertrophy, as well as changes in systemic vascular resistance, secondary to growing uteroplacental circulation. Purpose: The aim of this study was to evaluate the changes in cardiac remodelling, function and systemic vascular resistance throughout gestation in obese pregnant women in comparison to pregnant women with normal weight. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study, which included consecutive 23 obese, pregnant women with singleton pregnancy and 40 pregnant women with normal weight (control group) (mean age 29.1± 1.1 vs. 31.1± 0.8 respectively, p=0.956). The exclusion criteria were any cardiovascular disease diagnosed before pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes or gestosis in previous pregnancy, chronic kidney disease, and multiple pregnancy. During pregnancy echocardiography, assessment of blood flow in uterine arteries (pulsatility index (PI) and blood pressure were assessed at two visits (V): V1 between 10 and 14 weeks and V2 between 25 and 30 weeks of gestation. Results: At V1 we observed higher diastolic blood pressure in obese pregnant women in comparison to control group (82.6 vs. 75.5 mmHg respecticely, p=0.016), as well lower LV cardiac index (LVCI) (2.5 vs. 2.8 l/min/m2, p=0.006) and increased LV mass index (LVMI) (64 vs. 59 g/m2, p=0.047). There was no differences in SVR and PI. At V2 systolic, diastolic and mean arterial pressure were higher than in control group (119 vs. 111 mmHg; p=0.017, 79 vs. 68 mmHg; p<0.001, 92 vs. 82 mmHg; p<0.001, respectively). SVR and PI were increased (1469 vs. 1264 dyns cm-5; p=0.015, 0.68 vs. 0.57; p=0.034, respectively) , LVCI was lower (2.7 vs. 3.0 l/min/m2; p=0.033), in contrast to LVMI (68 vs. 63 g/m2; p=0.042). We observed no differences in LVEF at both visits in study groups, whereas end-systolic meridional wall stress (ESS) (which represents afterload) was significantly increased in obese women at V2 (43 vs. 39, 103 dyn/cm2; p<0,001). What is more, ESS at V2 was positively correlated with LVMI (r=0.423; p<0.001) and PI (r=0.357; p=0.001), also measured at V2. Conclusions: 1. In obese pregnant women we observed higher blood pressure, systolic vascular resistance and PI in uterine arteries, especially between 25 and 30 weeks of gestation. 2. Myocardial function in these women, expressed by end-systolic wall stress (ESS), LVCI and LVMI is impaired.
Abscisic acid: A new player in cardiomyocyte protection from hypoxia; The plant hormone abscisic acid (ABA) lies at the interface between abiotic stress and metabolic signaling through several signaling pathways.ABA is present and active also in mammals, where it stimulates innate immune cell function, including NO production, and regulates glucose disposal, through its receptor LANCL2. Plasma ABA increases after glucose load in humans and stimulates insulin secretion and glucose uptake by skeletal muscle cells and adipocytes. The ABA response to hyperglycemia is impaired in diabetes mellitus (DM) and in gestational diabetes and intake of exogenous ABA improves glucose tolerance in rats and in humans. DM predisposes to ischemic heart disease, not only because it is associated with traditional risk factors for coronary atherosclerosis, but also via specific mechanisms, as yet poorly understood. We hypothesized that endogenous ABA could play a physiological role in the protection of myocardial tissue via NO production. Exogenous micromolar ABA to H9c2 cardiomyoblasts cultured under hypoxia for 12 hours significantly increased cell survival compared with untreated cultures. Endogenous ABA was released by H9c2 cells subjected to 30 min of nitrogenflushed hypoxia (<2% O2) hypoxia-induced ABA release in turn stimulated NO production from H9c2 and also from endothelial HUVEC cells. Addition of L-NAME, abrogated the pro-survival effect of ABA on hypoxic H9c2 cells, indicating a causal role of NO in the cardioprotective effect of ABA. ABA also increased glucose uptake by H9c2, NADPH and GSH levels, these metabolic effects contributing to cell energy production and defense against oxidant damage. Stimulation of NO release and increased NADPH levels in response to ABA were also observed in primary neonatal ventricular cardiomyocytes isolated from wild-type, but not from LANCL2-knockout mice. These in vitro results indicate a role for endogenous ABA, through its receptor LANCL2, in cardiomyocyte protection against hypoxia, through the stimulation of NO production, and suggest that defective endogenous ABA production in DM may play a role in diabetic cardiomyopathy.
Adverse health effects of particulate matter; Particulate matter (PM) is known to have serious health effects in individuals with respiratory or cardiovascular disease. Recent studies have shown that they also have noxious effects on cerebrovascular, metabolic, and neuropsychiatric disorders, as well as pregnancy. The aim of this study is to review the various diseases associated with PM in each human organ. Regarding respiratory diseases, PM has been associated with increased acute exacerbation in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchial asthma, and several other respiratory diseases, resulting in increased hospitalization and mortality. In addition, PM increases the risk of lung cancer and accelerates the decline of lung function. Individuals with cardiovascular conditions such as ischemic heart disease, heart failure, hypertension, arrhythmia, and atherosclerosis have been also found to exhibit increased morbidity and mortality when exposed to PM. PM also has been reported to cause insulin resistance and to induce increasing rates of diabetes. During pregnancy, prolonged exposure to PM has been associated with increased rates of low birth weight and preterm birth. In individuals with neurological diseases, exposure to PM reduces cognitive ability and memory, and increases stroke incidence. It has been reported that PM also exacerbates psychiatric conditions, particularly depression and anxiety disorder. Thus, PM has been shown to exert very noxious health effects on the human body, with impacts including effects on respiratory and cerebrovascular diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neuropsychiatric diseases, and low birth weight.
Are baseline elevations in reactive non-stress testing of diabetic mothers an indicator of fetal compromise?; INTRODUCTION: To determine if baseline fetal tachycardia in reactive non-stress test (NST) is an indicator of fetal compromise in diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: Retrospective analysis of 145 diabetic mothers including gestational and pregestational diabetics from 2013-2016. Demographics included age, BMI, race, and gestational age. We reviewed the NST of patients >34 weeks of gestation and within 7 days of delivery. Baseline fetal heart rate (FHR) and the presence of 15x15mm accelerations were noted. Outcome measures included mode and indications for delivery. RESULTS: Of 145 diabetic patients, 55 patients had a baseline .150bpm. 47 of them had reactive tracings. Of those 47 patients, 35 underwent cesarean deliveries (C/S) (74.4%). Two patients with baseline tachycardia were diagnosed with IUFD on subsequent testing. 17 of 47 C/S performed were for non-reassuring tracing (36.17%). In comparison, 92 of 145 diabetic patients had baseline FHR < 150 bpm. 68 of 92 patients had reactive tracings. Of these 68 patients, 40 underwent C/S (58.82%), 8 were for non-reassuring fetal heart tracing (11.76%). The C/S rate for non-reassuring fetal heart tracing was significantly higher in the diabetics with elevated baseline FHR and reactive tracings in comparison to those with baseline FHR < 150bpm and reactive tracings, P < 0.05. CONCLUSION: The C/S rate secondary to non-reassuring fetal heart tracings was significantly higher in diabetics with elevated baseline FHR than those with baseline FHR < 150bpm even in the setting of a reactive tracing. This may be clinically relevant in antenatal testing of diabetic mothers as it implies that elevation in baseline heart rate may indicate fetal jeopardy.
Timing and indications for delivery at less than 39 weeks in neonates with complex congenital heart disease; INTRODUCTION: To describe timing and indications for delivery at less than 39 weeks of gestation in neonates with complex congenital heart disease (CCHD). METHODS: All neonates with CCHD admitted to Loma Linda University Children's Hospital from 2011 to 2015 were included in this study. Review of medical records was performed to collect data regarding CCHD lesion, maternal medical or fetal conditions and indication for delivery at less than 39 weeks of gestation. Indications for delivery were summarized by categories based on gestational age. Descriptive statistics were used to compare the groups. RESULTS: There were a total of 330 neonates admitted with CCHD during the study period with 129/330 (39%) born at less than 39 weeks GA with spontaneous labor in 54/129 (42%). The majority, 81/129 (63%) were born at early term, 34/129 (26%) were late preterm births and 14/129 (11%) were born prior to 34 weeks of gestation. Pregestational and gestational diabetes complicated 34/129 (26%) of the pregnancies while hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and intrauterine growth retardation were present in 18/129 (14%) and 13/129 (10%) of pregnancies, respectively. Vaginal and cesarean section deliveries accounted for 53% and 47% of the cases, respectively. Repeat cesarean sections with and without labor (38%), non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (21%) and breech presentation (20%) were the main indications for cesarean delivery. CONCLUSION: Delivery at less than 39 weeks of gestation is common in neonates with CCHD and more likely reflective of preterm labor, maternal medical or fetal condition rather than elective delivery.
A Canary in the Coal Mine: Reproductive Health and Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of mortality in women in the United States. Compared with age-matched men, premenopausal women are protected against CVD, yet this difference dissipates after menopause. Hypogonadism underlies the shared increased CVD risk seen in menopause, primary ovarian insufficiency (POI), and hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Early menarche and PCOS have also been associated with CVD risk factors, highlighting the importance of mediators other than deficient estrogen in the underlying etiology of this female-specific increased risk. Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and preterm delivery are also associated with subsequent CV disease and offer early opportunities for the identification of risk. Preliminary evidence suggests a common underlying vascular pathology for ovarian aging and pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia. Research is needed to understand the shared pathophysiology of these female-specific risk factors for CVD and target interventions to change outcomes.
Risk of heart failure hospitalization among users of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitors compared to sulfonylurea in patients with type ii diabetes; OBJECTIVES: Recent post-secondary analysis of clinical trials suggested an increased risk of heart failure (HF) with Dipeptidyl Peptidase-4-inhibitors (DPP-4-inhibitors) but the risk remains uncertain. The aim of this study is to assess the risk of HF-hospitalization with the use of DPP-4-inhbitors vs. sulfonylurea in patients with type-II diabetes. METHODS: A retrospective cohort analysis using Truven Health-Commercial database was conducted among patients aged > =18 years who had type-II diabetes (ICD-9: 250.x0 or 250.x2). Patients who initiated either DPP-4-inhbitors or sulfonylurea, had no prior use for at least 6 months, and had at least one additional prescription following initiation between January 2008 to December 2015 were included. Patients with a diagnosis of type-I-diabetes, gestational-diabetes, or end-stage-renal-disease prior the index-date (treatment initiation) were excluded. Follow-up continued until the occurrence of first HF-hospitalization, end of enrollment or, end of study period. Cox proportional hazards model after propensity-score matching was used to compare the risk of HF-hospitalization between patients with DPP-4-inhibitors and those with sulfo-nylurea. RESULTS: A total of 127,945 new-users of DPP-4-inhbitors [follow-up: Mean (+/- SD):110 days(+/-121)], and 373,208 new-users of sulfonylurea [105 days (+/-114)] were identified. Incidence rates of HF were 101 and 115 per 10,000 person-years in the DPP-4-inhbitors and the sulfonylurea groups, respectively. After matching on propensity-score (n=127945 each) and adjusting for risk factors, DPP-4-inhibitors group experienced 30% risk reduction in HF-hospitalization compared to the sulfonylurea group (HR: 0.70, 95%CI [0.64, 0.77]). Subgroup analysis showed a significant decrease in the risk of HF in patients without any history of cardiovascular disease (CVD) (n=234,299) HR: 0.63, 95%CI [0.56, 0.71]. However, there was no statistically significant difference in the risk of HF between the two groups in patients with prior CVD diagnosis (n=21,591) HR: 0.83, 95%CI [0.69, 1.00]. CONCLUSIONS: After adjusting for risk factors, the use of DPP-4-inhbitors was associated with reduced risk of HF compared to sulfonylurea.
Public Health Data in Action: An Analysis of Using Louisiana Vital Statistics for Quality Improvement and Payment Reform; Introduction In 2012, the Louisiana (LA) Department of Health and Hospitals revised the LA birth certificate to include medical reasons for births before 39 completed weeks' gestation. We compared the completeness and validity of these data with hospital discharge records. Methods For births occurring 4/1/2012-9/30/2012 at Woman's Hospital of Baton Rouge, we linked maternal delivery and newborn birth data collected through the National Perinatal Information Center with LA birth certificates. Among early term births (37-38 completed weeks' gestation), we quantified the reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate and compared them with ICD-9-CM codes from Woman's discharge data. Results Among 4353 birth certificates indicating delivery at Woman's Hospital, we matched 99.8% to corresponding Woman's administrative data. Among 1293 early term singleton births, the most common reasons for early delivery listed on the birth certificate were spontaneous active labor (57.5%), gestational hypertensive disorders (15.3%), gestational diabetes (8.7%), and premature rupture of membranes (8.1%). Only 2.7% of births indicated "other reason" as the only reason for early delivery. Most reasons for early delivery had >80% correspondence with ICD-9-CM codes. Lower correspondence (35 and 72%, respectively) was observed for premature rupture of membranes and abnormal heart rate or fetal distress. Discussion There was near-perfect ability to match LA birth certificates with Woman's Hospital records, and the agreement between reasons for early delivery on the birth certificate and ICD-9-CM codes was high. A benchmark of 2.7% can be used as an attainable frequency of "other reason" for early delivery reported by hospitals. Louisiana implemented an effective mechanism to identify and explain early deliveries using vital records.
Fetal myocardial deformation in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity; OBJECTIVE: Experimental evidence suggests that changes in the fetal myocardium result from intrauterine effects of maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity. The aim of this study was to assess fetal cardiac function using two-dimensional speckle-tracking echocardiography to determine the effects of maternal diabetes and obesity on the fetal myocardium.
Maternal metabolism in the fasting state and fetal cardiac activity; Questions: The development of the fetal autonomous nervous system (ANS) can be investigated by heart rate variability (HRV) measured by biomagnetic sensors. We recently showed that fetal HRV is altered after a glucose load in mothers with gestational diabetes. However the effect of maternal metabolism and weight development of the mother on fetal HRV is largely unknown. Methods: A total of 184 fetal magnetoencephalographic datasets from healthy pregnant women (gestational age ranging from 27-38 weeks) were included. Fetal heart signals were extracted by standard procedure and HRV was calculated from beat-to-beat intervals. The effects of insulin sensitivity, fasting insulin level, maternal weight gain and BMI before pregnancy fetal HRV were tested through partial correlations, adjusting for gestational age, gender and parity. Findings: Maternal insulin sensitivity was negatively correlated to the normalized high frequency components (HFn) and was positively associated to the ratio of low frequency to high frequency components (LFn/HFn). Maternal fasting insulin showed a positive association with HFn and a negative association with normalized low frequency components (LFn). Maternal weight gain was negatively associated with fetal heart rate, whereas BMI before pregnancy was positively correlated to the HFn and was inversely correlated with the LFn/HFn. Conclusions: The observed changes in low and high frequency components, as well as heart rate in relation to glucose metabolism, maternal weight and pregnancy weight gain could reflect the changes in ANS modulation. These findings highlight the important role of maternal metabolism on the development of ANS that may contribute to fetal metabolic programming.
Treatment with recombinant factor XIII (Tretten) in a pregnant woman with factor XIII deficiency; Objective: Rare disease Background: Factor XIII deficiency is associated with recurrent miscarriages in women. Case Report: In this report, we present a patient with factor XIII deficiency and some comorbidities who had had previous miscarriages. She began treatment with factor XIII subunit A (XIII-A) replacement treatment Recombinant factor XIII (Tretten) at a dose of 2500 units monthly and was able, for the first time, to carry a pregnancy almost to term. Although she experienced some obstetrical complications, she delivered a healthy baby. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report of the use of Tretten during pregnancy. Conclusions: Tretten, which is not indicated in pregnancy, offered a safe, effective treatment for miscarriages secondary to factor XIII-A deficiency in our patient. Further research is required to confirm this finding.
Undiagnosed diabetes mellitus and related factors in East Gojjam (NW Ethiopia) in 2016: A community-based study; Introduction. Currently, diabetes is the second most common non-communicable disease (NCD) in Ethiopia. Its burden is 4.8% in this country, even though three quarter of its population live with undiagnosed diabetes mellitus (DM), which causes complications like heart failure, blood vessels, eyes, kidneys and nerves damages. Early detection of DM is vital for a timely intervention to prevent these life threatening complications. The aim of this study was to assess the prevalence of undiagnosed DM and related factors in East Gojjam, North West Ethiopia, in 2016. Materials and methods. A community-based cross-sectional study was conducted among 757 individuals in East Gojjam from June to September 2016. The sampled population was selected using multi-stage cluster sampling method. Basic data were collected in Amharic (local language) and a pretested interviewer administered the questionnaire. Peripheral blood samples were collected by puncturing the ring finger in order to measure fasting blood glucose. Univarite and multivariate logistic regressions analysis were performed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) software version 20.0. Results. The percentage of undiagnosed DM in the study area was 11.5% (95%CI=9.2, 13.7). The prevalence was 11.3% among male vs. 11.8% among female; 13.4% in urban areas vs. 10.3% in rural areas. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was mainly associated with older age (AOR=5.99, 95%CI=1.54, 23.24), family history of diabetes (AOR=9.86, 95%CI=4.25, 22.89), history of gestational diabetes (AOR=3.01, 95%CI=1.17, 8.39) and sedentary behaviour >4 hours per day (AOR=2.13, 95%CI=1.04, 4.34). Being non-smoker (AOR=0.05, 95%CI=0.01, 0.17) and unmarried (AOR=0.09, 95%CI=0.02, 0.42) were also predictive characteristics for undiagnosed DM in the study area. Conclusions. In conclusion, this study revealed a relatively high prevalence of undiagnosed DM in the study area. The occurrence of undiagnosed DM was significantly higher when associated with the age of the participants, their marital status, history of hypertension, diabetes family history, history of gestational diabetes mellitus, current smoking practices and sedentary behaviour. Thus, efforts have to be made, particularly by the individuals involved in health practice, to early detect the disease and thereby initiate a suitable therapeutic service, before complications arise.
Pre-eclampsia and risk of subsequent hypertension: in an American Indian population; Background and Objectives: Pre-eclampsia (PE) shares a number of proposed pathophysiologic mechanisms related to those implicated in cardiovascular disease (CVD), such as endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, insulin resistance, and impaired renal regulation. PE has also been associated with subsequent hypertension, CVD, and related mortality in later life. Methods: At follow-up, the four most recent blood pressures, body mass index (BMI), and use of hypertensive medications were recorded from clinic visits of 130 PE cases and 289 normal pregnancies. Student’s t test, Chi-square testing, multivariate linear, and logistic regression were used in analysis. Results: Follow-up measurements occurred a mean of 13.11 years post PE pregnancy. Multivariate linear regression showed a significant and independent association between current systolic blood pressure and previous history of PE (β = 4.47, p = 0.04), while adjusting for age, BMI, and blood pressure from 1 year prior to and up to the 20th week of gestation. A similarly adjusted multivariate logistic regression model found an odds ratio of 3.43, 95% CI 1.83–6.43, p = 0.001 for subsequent hypertension. Logistic regression analysis of the quartile with follow-up of less than 7.19 years also shows independent association of prior PE with subsequent hypertension. Discussion and Conclusions: PE appears to confer risk of subsequent hypertension on this cohort of American Indian women within as little as 8 years. This risk is independent of additional risk factors such as increased age, BMI, and blood pressure prior to 20 weeks of gestation. There is evidence of increased risk among those with more severe PE.
Myocardial performance index in hypertensive disorders of pregnancy: The relationship between blood pressures and angiogenic factors; Objective: To study the association between cardiac function measured by myocardial performance index (MPI), blood pressures and angiogenic factors measured at the time of echocardiography in patients with and without hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP). Methods: We prospectively studied 189 pregnant women and evaluated whether changes in cardiac function observed on echocardiography were correlated with higher blood pressures and whether higher blood pressures were associated with antiangiogenic proteins (soluble fms-like tyrosine kinase, sFlt1; soluble endoglin, sEng). Comprehensive echocardiograms, including measurement of MPI, were performed on all patients. sFlt1 and sEng levels were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: Overall, 189 patients were divided into tertiles based on mean arterial pressure (MAP). The MPI was worst in tertile 3 (0.50 ± 0.15) compared to tertile 1 (0.42 ± 0.10), p = 0.0004. sFlt1 (pg/ml) and sEng (ng/ml) were highest in tertile 3 compared to tertile 1: 15055.37 vs. 1623.01 and 33.06 vs. 8.15, respectively, with p-value <0.001. In crude multivariate regression analysis, MAP was positively correlated with MPI (r = 0.32, p < 0.001), GLS (r = 0.54, p < 0.001), sFlt1 (r = 0.60, p < 0.001) and sEng (r = 0.61, p < 0.001). After adjustment for confounders, these relationships persisted between MAP and MPI (r = 0.31, p = 0.0003), GLS (r = 0.46, p < 0.001), sFlt1 (r = 0.56, p < 0.001) and sEng (r = 0.58, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Mean arterial pressure correlates with worsening cardiac function as measured by MPI and serum levels of angiogenic factors. Further studies are needed to evaluate whether a reduction in blood pressure will reverse changes in MPI or reduce levels of angiogenic proteins seen among women with HDP.
Prescribing exercise for prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes: review of suggested recommendations; Exercise has been proved to be safe during pregnancy and to offer benefits for both mother and fetus; moreover, physical activity may represent a useful tool for gestational diabetes prevention and treatment. Therefore, all women in uncomplicated pregnancy should be encouraged to engage in physical activity as part of a healthy lifestyle. However, exercise in pregnancy needs a careful medical evaluation to exclude medical or obstetric contraindications to exercise, and an appropriate prescription considering frequency, intensity, type and duration of exercise, to carefully balance between potential benefits and potential harmful effects. Moreover, some precautions related to anatomical and functional adaptations observed during pregnancy should be taken into consideration. This review summarized the suggested recommendations for physical activity among pregnant women with focus on gestational diabetes.
Maternal and offspring outcomes in women with intellectual and developmental disabilities: a population-based cohort study; Objective: To compare the risks for adverse maternal and offspring outcomes in women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Design: Population-based cohort study. Setting: Ontario, Canada. Population: Singleton obstetrical deliveries to 18- to 49-year-old women with and without intellectual and developmental disabilities (n = 3932 in the exposed cohort, n = 382 774 in the unexposed cohort; 2002–2011 fiscal years). Methods: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities were identified based on diagnoses in health administrative data or receipt of disability income support. The unexposed cohort comprised women without intellectual and developmental disabilities. Modified Poisson regression was used to compute adjusted relative risks (aRR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) comparing the two cohorts. Main outcome measures: Primary maternal outcomes were: gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary offspring outcomes were: preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. Results: The exposed cohort, compared with the unexposed cohort, had increased risks for pre-eclampsia (aRR 1.47, 95% CI 1.11–1.93) and venous thromboembolism (aRR 1.60, 95% CI 1.17–2.19). Their offspring had increased risks for preterm birth (aRR 1.63, 95% CI 1.47–1.80) and small for gestational age (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.25–1.45). Conclusions: These findings suggest that there is a need to address modifiable risk factors for adverse outcomes among women with intellectual and developmental disabilities prior to and during pregnancy. Moreover, there is a need to enhance monitoring for maternal and offspring complications in this population. Tweetable abstract: Large cohort study: intellectual and developmental disabilities predispose women/babies to adverse outcomes.
Short-Term Perinatal Outcome among Term Infants with Prenatal Diagnosis of Large Abdominal Circumference; Background Measuring fetal abdominal circumference (AC) prenatally is an effective tool for predicting neonatal weight and macrosomia. Data are lacking regarding the outcome of newborn infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC. Aim The aim of this study was to evaluate early short-term neonatal outcome among term singleton newborn infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC. Methods Retrospective data were collected on 501 term infants with prenatal diagnosis of large AC (≥ 360 mm) and on matched controls, including information on maternal condition and on infant perinatal complications. Results In compare with controls, the study group had higher incidence of macrosomia (188 [37.5%] vs. 18 [3.6%], p < 0.001), hypoglycemia (48 (9.6%) vs. 25 [5%], p = 0.007), and significant morbidity (49 [9.8%] vs. 28 [5.6%], p = 0.017) but without increased incidence of congenital malformations or other perinatal complications. Only among the macrosomic, study subgroup and their controls differences were recorded including hypoglycemia (17.6 vs. 4.8%, p < 0.001), need for oral glucose (11.2 vs. 2.7%, p = 0.002), significant morbidity (10.1 vs. 3.7%, p = 0.024), and hospitalization in special care unit (11.7 vs. 4.3%, p = 0.012). Conclusion Prelabor diagnosis of large AC mostly reflects the infant's high birth weight and macrosomia with the associated perinatal complications. Large AC by itself was not predictive of any congenital malformations or perinatal and postnatal complications.
Delivery Outcomes of Patients with Acute Migraine in Pregnancy: A Retrospective Study; Objective: To describe labor and delivery outcomes in pregnant patients presenting to the hospital setting with an acute severe migraine headache attack earlier in the same gestation. Methods: We retrospectively reviewed pregnancy and delivery records from a database of consecutive inpatient neurology consultations for acute headache in pregnant women over a 5 year period. Results: We identified 86 pregnant women with acute migraine. The mean age was 29.3 (±6.4) years. Nearly half had migraine with aura (35/86 [40.7%]), 12.8% (12/86) had chronic migraine, and 31.4% (27/86) presented in status migrainosus. Complication rates included 54.7%([41/75], 95% CI 29.87, 52.13) for at least one adverse outcome, 28.0% ([21/75], 95% CI 11.78, 30.22) for preterm delivery, 21.3% ([16/75], 95% CI 7.7, 24.3) for preeclampsia, 30.6% ([23/75] 95% CI 13.48, 32.52) for cesarean delivery, and 18.7% ([14/75] 95% CI 6.15, 21.85) for low birthweight. Conclusions: Pregnant women seeking treatment for acute migraine headache experienced a higher rate of preterm delivery, preeclampsia, and low birthweight but a lower rate of cesarean delivery than the local and general populations. More than half (54.7% [41/75] 95% CI 29.87, 52.13) of the study patients experienced some type of adverse birth outcome, suggesting that pregnancies in migraine patients presenting to an acute care setting may benefit from more intense surveillance.
Subclinical Decrease in Myocardial Function in Asymptomatic Infants of Diabetic Mothers: A Tissue Doppler Study; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in IDMs without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that in asymptomatic newborns with normal two-dimensional echocardiographic evaluations, pulsed wave tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) would suggest a subclinical decrease in the cardiac function of IDMs compared to infants of non-diabetics (nIDMs). This is a retrospective cohort study of asymptomatic neonates ≥36 weeks gestation, at 0–7 days of life, with normal standard echocardiograms. Systolic (S’), early diastolic (E’), and late diastolic (A’) TDI velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal interventricular septum (IVS), and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and averaged from three consecutive cardiac cycles. Demographic, perinatal, and echocardiographic variables were compared between IDM and nIDM groups. Of 631 subjects, 75 IDMs were identified. The mean gestational age of the entire cohort was 39.33 weeks (±1.26), birth weight 3.44 kg (±0.56), and body surface area (BSA) 0.21 m2 (±0.02). IDMs had significantly greater birth weight and BSA, lower gestational age, older maternal age, and higher incidence of maternal obesity and hypertension than nIDMs (p < 0.001). On multivariable analysis, IDMs had significantly lower S’ (p ≤ 0.03) and E’ (p < 0.001) velocities, and higher E/E’ ratios (p < 0.001) at the MV, IVS, and TV than nIDMs. In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, pulsed wave TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to nIDMs.
National In-Hospital Outcomes of Pregnancy in Women With Single Ventricle Congenital Heart Disease; Most patients with single ventricle (SV) congenital heart disease are expected to survive to adulthood. Women with SV are often counseled against pregnancy; however, data on pregnancies in these women are lacking. We sought to evaluate in-hospital outcomes of pregnancy in women with SV. We used nationally representative data from the 1998 to 2012 National Inpatient Sample to identify women ≥18 years of age admitted to the hospital with International Classification of Diseases-9th Revision codes for an intrauterine pregnancy and a diagnosis of hypoplastic left heart syndrome, tricuspid atresia, or common ventricle. A matched comparison group without a diagnosis of congenital heart disease or pulmonary hypertension was identified from the database. National estimates of hospitalizations were calculated. Length of stay, hospital charges, and complications were analyzed and compared between groups. Charge data were adjusted to 2012 dollars. There were 282 admissions of pregnant women with SV (69% with deliveries) and 1,405 admissions in the control group (88% with deliveries). Vaginal delivery was more common in SV (74% vs 71%, p <0.001). Length of stay (4.1 ± 0.91 vs 2.8 ± 0.18 days, p <0.001) and charges ($30,787 ± 8,109 vs $15,536 ± 1,006, p <0.0001) were higher in the SV group. Complications occurred in most SV admissions and were more common in the SV group than in the control group. No deaths occurred. Cardiovascular complications occurred in 25% of pregnancy-related hospitalizations, although in-hospital pregnancy-related death is rare. Vaginal delivery is common in these patients. These data suggest that pregnancy and vaginal delivery can be tolerated in women with SV, although the risk for a cardiovascular event is significantly higher than in the general population.
Fetal-maternal outcomes and complications in pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome; BACKGROUND: Earlier studies have shown that polycystic ovary syndrome (PCO S) is associated with cardiovascular disease as well as pregnancy complications. We examined whether women with PCO S have an increased risk of complications in pregnancy compared with healthy women, and if there are any correlations between complications and clinical/demographic variables before and/or in early pregnancy. METHODS: This retrospective cohort study comprised 37 women with PCO S and 126 healthy women whose birth was recorded at Sundsvall County Hospital, Sweden, from 2009 to 2014. Medical records were searched to identify pregnancy complications, maternal outcomes, and neonatal outcomes. RE SULTS: Compared with healthy women, the women with PCO S were more likely to have a history of miscarriage (42.9% vs. 19.8% P=0.005) and undergo caesarean section (41.2% vs. 21.4%, P=0.019). They were also at increased risk of developing a complication (odds ratio 2.38, 95% CI : 1.05-5.38) or having multiple concurrent complications (odds ratio 8.27, 95% CI : 1.45-47.3). The rates of premature birth, birth weight and Apgar score at 5 min were similar between the two groups. The preconception serum testosterone concentration was positively correlated with the complication rate and negatively correlated with gestational age. CO NCL USIO NS: We found that women with PCO S are at greater risk of complications during pregnancy than healthy women, consistent with the results of earlier studies. High testosterone concentrations could be an aggravating factor in the risk of complications. Therefore, women with PCO S may require more careful monitoring during pregnancy than healthy women.
Maternal vascular malperfusion of the placental bed associated with hypertensive disorders in the Boston Birth Cohort; Introduction The associations of maternal conditions, before or during pregnancy, with placental lesions have not been adequately studied in populations. Methods In the Boston Birth Cohort, we evaluated associations between three maternal medical conditions (hypertensive disorders [HDs], gestational/pre-gestational diabetes and obesity), and placental histological findings, using a standardized classification system proposed by the Amsterdam Placental Workshop Group. Placental pathology diagnoses and clinical data from 3074 mothers with clinical indications who delivered singleton live births at the Boston Medical Center between October 1998 and November 2013 were evaluated. Associations between each maternal condition and maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) of the placental bed and its standardized subgroups were examined using multivariate logistic and multinomial regressions. Results Women with HDs (chronic hypertension, eclampsia, preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome) had significantly increased odds of MVM lesions when compared to women with no HD (aOR 2.08 95% CI 1.74–2.50), after adjusting for demographics, substance use, diabetes and body mass index. No significant differences in frequencies or aORs were seen in women with and without diabetes, or across body mass index categories. Co-morbid condition patterns that included HDs were more likely to be associated with MVM than those without. Discussion Using a standardized classification system, we showed that MVM is strongly and specifically associated with maternal HDs, but not other maternal conditions. Additional studies are needed to confirm and validate our findings, and evaluate the role of maternal vascular lesions of the placental bed in relation to postnatal growth and development of the offspring and effect modifiers.
Associations of polymorphisms in the candidate genes for Alzheimer’s disease BIN1, CLU, CR1 and PICALM with gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance; Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the most common type of dementia, with a prevalence that is rising every year. AD is associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and insulin resistance, and is therefore sometimes called “type 3 diabetes mellitus”. The aim of this study was to examine whether the variants of some candidate genes involved in the development of AD, namely BIN1 (rs744373), CLU (rs11136000), CR1 (rs3818361), and PICALM (rs3851179), are related to several disorders of glucose metabolism—gestational diabetes (GDM), T2DM and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Our study included 550 women with former GDM and 717 control women, 392 patients with T2DM and 180 non-diabetic controls, and 117 patients with IGT and 630 controls with normal glucose tolerance. Genotyping analysis was performed using specially-designed TaqMan assays. No significant associations of the genetic variants rs744373 in BIN1, rs11136000 in CLU, or rs3818361 in CR1 were found with GDM, T2DM or IGT, but rs3851179 in PICALM was associated with an increased risk of GDM. The frequency of the AD risk-associated C allele was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to controls: OR 1.21; 95% CI (1.03–1.44). This finding was not apparent in T2DM and IGT; conversely, the C allele of the PICALM SNP was protective for IGT: OR 0.67; 95% CI (0.51–0.89). This study demonstrates an association between PICALM rs3851179 and GDM as well as IGT. However, elucidation of the possible role of this gene in the pathogenesis of GDM requires further independent studies.
Randomized clinical trial between hourly titrated and 2 hourly static oral misoprostol solution for induction of labor; Background Misoprostol is an effective agent for the induction of labor. Existing guidelines recommend oral misoprostol solution 25 μg every 2 hours. However, more research is required to optimize the use of oral misoprostol solution for the induction of labor. Objective The purpose of this study was to compare efficacy and safety of hourly titrated-dose oral misoprostol solution with static-dose oral misoprostol solution every 2 hours for labor induction. Study Design In this randomized controlled study, oral misoprostol solution was administered as (1) 20 μg hourly (≤4 doses) that was increased in the absence of regular uterine contractions to 40 μg hourly (≤4 doses) and then to 60 μg hourly (≤16 doses) or (2) 25 μg every 2 hours until active labor began (≤12 doses). A sample size of 146 women was planned with the use of a projected 95% rate for the primary endpoint (vaginal delivery within 24 hours) for hourly titrated-dose misoprostol and 80% rate for static-dose misoprostol every 2 hours. Safety outcomes included maternal morbidity and adverse neonatal outcomes. Results From December 2013 to July 2015, 146 women were assigned randomly to treatment. Demographic and clinical factors were similar between groups, except for age. Vaginal delivery was achieved within 24 hours in 47 women (64.4%) who received hourly titrated-doses of misoprostol solution and 48 women (65.8%) who received 2-hourly static-dose misoprostol solution (P=1.00). Rates of vaginal delivery within 24 hours did not differ significantly between treatment groups for women who were nulliparous (P=1.00) or who had postterm pregnancies (P=.66), a Bishop score of ≤3 (P=.84), or oxytocin augmentation (P=.83). Cesarean deliveries were performed within 24 hours in 9 women who received hourly titrated-dose misoprostol solution and 2 women who received 2-hourly static-dose misoprostol solution (P=.056). Pyrexia and meconium-stained liquor occurred more frequently with the hourly titrated-dose regimen. Conclusion The static-dose oral misoprostol solution every 2 hours has similar efficacy as hourly titrated-dose misoprostol solution but with fewer side-effects and lower complication rates.
Neonatal outcomes following preterm birth classified according to placental features; Background Preterm birth has staggering health implications, and yet the causes of most cases are still unknown. Placental features have been understudied as an etiology for preterm birth, and the association between placental pathologic lesions and neonatal outcomes are incompletely understood. Objective We sought to characterize births according to placental pathology and relate these to adverse neonatal outcomes. Study Design We studied 20,091 births (15,710 term and 4381 preterm) with placental evaluations. Births were classified according to the presence or absence of placental lesions consistent with malperfusion (vasculopathy, infarct, advanced villous maturation, perivillous fibrin, fibrin deposition) and intrauterine inflammation/infection (chorioamnionitis, funisitis, vasculitis). Outcomes were gestational week of delivery, birthweight z-score, neonatal respiratory distress syndrome, and intraventricular hemorrhage. Results Among all preterm births, evidence of placental malperfusion was identified more often than inflammation/infection (50.6% vs 27.3%, P <.0001). Placental malperfusion was associated with reduced fetal growth (adjusted birthweight z-score, –0.83, P <.0001) and lesions of inflammation/infection were associated with earlier delivery (adjusted difference –2.08 weeks, P <.0001) than those with no lesions. When both placental lesions were present, earlier delivery (adjusted difference –2.28 weeks, P <.0001) and reduced fetal growth (adjusted birthweight z-score difference, –0.24, P =.001) were observed more often than when neither lesion was present. Findings were similar when restricted to cases of spontaneous preterm birth. Intraventricular hemorrhage was higher in preterm births with malperfusion lesions than cases with no lesions (7.6% vs 3.4%; odds ratio, 1.98; confidence interval, 1.18–3.32), accounting for gestational age and other covariates. Conclusion Placental pathology provides important insight into subtypes of preterm birth with adverse neonatal outcomes. Co-occurrence of malperfusion and inflammation/infection, especially among spontaneous preterm births, may be a novel pattern of placental injury linked to severe adverse outcomes.
GDM alters paracrine regulation of feto-placental angiogenesis via the trophoblast; Feto-placental angiogenesis and vascular development are tightly regulated by pro-A nd anti-angiogenic factors. Villous trophoblast may be a major source of these factors. It forms the classical placental barrier between mother and fetus, and is thus exposed to maternal influences as well. Metabolic and hormonal derangements in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affect feto-placental angiogenesis and vascular growth. Here we hypothesized that GDM alters the trophoblast secretome, which will modulate the paracrine regulation of feto-placental angiogenesis. Primary term trophoblasts were isolated from normal (n=6) and GDM (n=6) pregnancies. Trophoblast conditioned medium (CM) was used to investigate paracrine effects of normal and GDM-exposed trophoblasts on feto-placental endothelial cells (fpECs; n=7), using functional assays for 2D network formation, wound healing, chemotaxis, and proliferation. Gene expression of 23 pro-A nd anti-angiogenic factors was analyzed. Four trophoblast-derived paracrine regulators of angiogenesis were specifically measured in CM. CM from GDM trophoblasts increased 2D network formation of fpEC by 2.4-fold (P<0.001), whereas wound healing was attenuated by 1.8-fold (P=0.02) and chemo-attraction to the CM was reduced by 33±9% (P=0.02). The effect of CM on proliferation was unchanged between normal and GDM trophoblasts. Expression analysis of pro-A nd anti-angiogenic molecules in normal and GDM trophoblasts revealed significant differences in ANGPT2, HGF, KISS1 and PLGF expression. Analysis of secreted proteins demonstrated reduced pigment epithelium derived factor and tumor necrosis factor-α secretion by GDM trophoblasts. GDM alters the balance of trophoblast derived, angiogenesis modulating paracrine factors. This may contribute to GDM-associated changes in placental angiogenesis and vascular structure.
Use of placental vascularization indices and uterine artery peak systolic velocity in early detection of pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, chronic or gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia at risk; Aim We aimed to investigate correlations between uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV), and placental vascularization in groups of normal blood pressure (NBP) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (chronic hypertension (CHT), gestational hypertension (GHT) and preeclampsia (PE)) alone or in combination with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and hypothesized that AUtPSV rises when GDM complicates pregnancy hypertension. Methods Placental 3-dimensional power Doppler indices, such as vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization- flow index (VFI), and uterine artery peak systolic velocity (AUtPSV) were measured in CHT (N = 43), CHT+GDM (N = 15), GHT (N = 57), GHT+GDM (N = 23) and PE (N = 17) pregnancies, and compared to NBP (N = 109). Correlations were analyzed between vascularization indices, AUtPSV, pregestational BMI and adverse pregnancy outcome rates. Results In our results VI was higher in CHT (P = 0.010), while FI was lower in CHT (P = 0.009), GHT and PE (P = 0.001) compared to NBP. In case of VFI, significant difference was found between CHT and GHT (P = 0.002), and NBP and PE (P = 0.001). FI was found prognostic for umbilical pH and neonatal birth weight. Pre-gestational BMI was significantly higher in GHT+GDM compared to GHT, and in CHT+GDM compared to the CHT group. As for AUtPSV, significant difference was found between NBP and CHT (P = 0.012), NBP and CHT+GDM (P = 0.045), NBP and GHT+GDM (P = 0.007), NBP and PE (P = 0.032), and GHT and GHT+GDM (P = 0.048) groups. Conclusion Our study revealed that vascularization indices and AUtPSV show significant differences due to gestational pathology, and can be useful in detection of pregnancies at risk.
Lissencephaly and nephrotic syndrome: Galloway-Mowat syndrome; The Galloway-Mowat syndrome (GMS) is a rare autosomal recessive disorder which is characterized by the presence of renal and brain abnormalities. Hiatal hernia, initially thought to be a part, is longer a consistent feature of syndrome. The neurological features include microcephaly, developmental delay, seizures, hypotonia, abnormal sulci and gyri, and abnormal cerebellum. The renal finding is that of nephrotic syndrome, but histopathologically may vary to focal segmental sclerosis or mesangial sclerosis. Nephrotic syndrome is usually diagnosed before the age of 2 years and may lead to renal failure. We describe a 29-week preterm baby of unrelated parents with intrauterine growth retardation, dysmorphic features, lissencephaly, and nephrotic syndrome. Nephrotic syndrome was diagnosed at the age of 2 months. The baby had progressive neurological deterioration and died at the age of 14 weeks.
Delivery outcomes of term pregnancy complicated by idiopathic polyhydramnios; Objective Polyhydramnios is associated with an increased risk of cesarean section. The aetiology of polyhydramnios and the characteristics of the labour may be confounding factors. The objective was to study the characteristics and mode of delivery in case of pregnancy complicated with idiopathic polyhydramnios. Methods This retrospective matched and controlled study included all pregnant women with idiopathic polyhydramnios (amniotic index > 25 cm or single deepest pocket > 8 cm) diagnosed at the 2nd or 3rd trimester and persistent at term delivery (> 37 weeks of pregnancy) in our institution. We excluded pregnancies in which the polyhydramnios could be explained by infection, gestational diabetes, congenital malformation, abnormal karyotype, placental anomalies, alloimmunization as well as pregnancies in which an amniocentesis for the purpose of diagnosis had not been performed. Data were gathered from a tertiary care university hospital register from 1998–2015. Cases of polyhydramnios were matched with the following two women who presented for labour management with spontaneous cephalic presentation, matching for delivery date, maternal age, parity, body mass index. The main outcome measure was the risk of cesarean section. Univariate and multivariate adjusted analysis were performed. Results We identified 108 women with idiopathic polyhydramnios and compared them with 216 matched women. Among them, 94 and 188 attempted a trial of labour. Maternal age, mean term delivery and birthweight were 31 years, 39 + 5weeks gestation and 3550 g. We did not observe differences in maternal characteristics, epidural analgesia and rate of abnormal fetal heart tracing. Induced labour and non-vertex presentations (forehead, bregma, face) were more frequent in the polyhydramnios group (respectively 57.9% versus 27.8%, P < 0.05 and 7.8% versus 1%, P < 0.05). Cesarean section rate was higher in the case of polyhydramnios in the overall population (45.4% versus 8%, P < 0.05) and remained higher after exclusion of cases of induced labour and non-vertex presentation (38.4% versus 3.8%, P < 0.05). Amniotomy was more frequent in pregnancies with polyhydramnios (55.8% versus 39.1%, P < 0.05). After adjustment for matching and confounding variables, polyhydramnios was found to be a risk factor for cesarean section (OR 21.02; CI 95% 8.004–55.215, P < 0.01). Conclusion Idiopathic polyhydramnios increased the risk of prolonged first stage of labour, non-vertex presentation and cesarean section.
Fetal central nervous system malformations: a ten year review of prenatal consultations at a tertiary care center; Objective: The study provides a profile of various fetal central nervous system (CNS) malformations presenting at a tertiary care Fetal Center over a period of ten years. Background: Congenital malformations of the CNS are increasingly being recognized prenatally due to advances in fetal neuroimaging. Prenatal counseling aims at critical prognostication for the future neurodevelopmental outcomes. Design/Methods: The study reports CNS abnormalities detected in the prenatal period from 2006 through 2016. Prenatal neurologic consultations were reviewed for studying various CNS malformations, their association with perinatal risk factors, and the neonatal and neurodevelopmental outcomes. Results: Ventriculomegaly (27%) and cortical or complex brain malformations (26%) were the largest category comprising over half of the patient population. Other diagnoses included posterior fossa malformations (19%), complex/multiple CNS malformations (13%), neural tube defects (6%), corpus callosum agenesis (5%) and hemorrhage/prenatal stroke (5%). Results showed maternal age range of 15-30 years and paternal age 15-50 years, history of spontaneous abortion in 27% and gestational diabetes in 13%. Prenatal consultations included Neurosurgery (17%) and Genetics (50%), and genetic diagnosis was positive in 5%. Follow-up of the infants aged 0-11 years showed: epilepsy in 26%, developmental delay in 38-45%, therapy requirement in 54%, vision issues in 25 % and hearing impairment in 14% of the study population. The range varied based on type and severity of the CNS malformation. Fetal MRI was highly sensitive and in only 8% of the infants postnatal neuroimaging added new information. Conclusions: Neurodevelopmental outcomes ranged over a wide spectrum. Prenatal counseling includes cautious consideration of parental expectations, available long-term data on neurodevelopment and functional outcomes, limitations of neuroimaging and genetic testing, and critical decision making from both clinicians and families. This study aims to develop a standardized and comprehensive approach for fetal neurologic prognostication for neurodevelopmental outcomes, and for timely decision making in the prenatal and postnatal period.
Effects of maternal obesity on maternal and fetal health; Obesity, as defined by body mass index (BMI) is one of the biggest challenges facing health care system including maternity services today, particularly in the industrialized nations. Maternal obesity is linked with a number of pregnancy complications including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, venous thromboembolism, caesarean delivery, postpartum haemorrhage, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and poor perinatal outcomes. Obesity has also been shown to be independently associated with higher odds of dying from specific pregnancy complications. These risks increases with increasing BMI and are highest in women with BMI ≥ 50. The mechanisms underlying these pathologies remain unclear. All obese women in reproductive age group should be counselled about weight gain, exercise programmes, nutrition and food choices, longer term health risks and increased risk of maternal and fetal complications, ideally before contemplating pregnancy. They should also be supported to lose weight and optimise their health before conception. Obese pregnant women should receive routine care supplemented by specialist services and facilities that are specific to their needs, to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes.
The place of fetal cardiac functional assessment in high risk obstetrics; The fetal heart is significantly impacted in a number of high risk obstetric conditions in particular gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and pre-eclampsia from different pathophysiological pathways. These include abnormal metabolic metabolism in gestational diabetes, hypoxia in growth restriction and increased afterload in pre-eclampsia. Cardiac function using the myocardial performance index (MPI) and E/A ratio in a series of studies performed at our unit, was shown to be altered in fetuses in poorly controlled gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction and preeclampsia and links to adverse perinatal outcome have been suggested in these conditions. The MPI has a unique property in that it can easily be tracked and becomes abnormal before hypoxia or acidosis sets in and as such this parameter can be used as a monitoring tool for assessing deteriorating cardiovascular function thereby potentially guiding the physician to optimal timing of delivery before overt acidosis, myocardial necrosis or perinatal death sets in. The MPI and E/A ratio could potentially be integrated into routine fetal monitoring models.
Comparing screening strategies for gestational diabetes in a South African population; Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is carbohydrate intolerance first recognised in pregnancy. Globally there is an alarming increase in type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity. The incidence of GDM parallels this increase. Women who develop GDM are at risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes as well as the long-term risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Likewise, the foetus and neonate is at risk of short- and long-term adverse outcomes. The diagnosis of GDM has historically been shrouded in controversy. In late 2015 the WHO adopted the IADPSG criteria for the diagnosis of GDM. They recommended universal screening of all pregnant women with diagnosis made on the following thresholds: any one abnormal value on the 75 g-2 hour OGTT - 0hour ≥5.1 mmol/l, 1hour ≥10 mmol/l, 2 hour ≥8.5 mmol/l. We conducted a prospective cohort observational study at the Eyethu Yarona Clinic (Lion Park Clinic). We recruited pregnant patients less than 26 weeks pregnant. Demographic data, random glucose and HbA1C was collected at recruitment. OGTT were conducted at 24-28 weeks of gestation and GDM was diagnosed according to WHO criteria. Aims and Objectives: Our aim was to determine an effective, costefficient screening strategy for GDM. Establish the prevalence of GDM based on the current WHO criteria and compare this to the prevalence if alternate criteria were applied Identify the role of risk factors in screening for GDM and to develop a scoring system based on baseline characteristics to identify patients at high risk of GDM Evaluate the role of HbA1C in screening for GDM Evaluate the role of point of care testing in the diagnosis of GDM/ OGTT To examine the association between biomarkers (CRP, insulin, adiponectin) and microRNAs, and GDM. Results: We recruited 1000 patients. We had complete data for 554 patients available for analysis. The prevalence of GDM was 25.8% if universal screening and the WHO criteria was applied. If selective screening was applied the prevalence only 254 women would have had an OGTT and the prevalence was 15.2%. The commonly used NICE criteria had a prevalence of 17% with universal screening and 3.6% with selective screening. The presence of risk factors performed poorly as a screening tool. The presence of one or more risk factors (maternal age > 35 years, BMI > 30 kg/m2, previous stillbirth, previous baby > 4 kg, family history of diabetes mellitus) performed poorly as a screening tool with a sensitivity of 58.7% and specificity of 58.6%. The application of published risk factor-based scoring systems also performed poorly on our low risk obstetric population. We propose a scoring system based on maternal BMI, birth of previous baby > 4kg, and random glucose. This will require prospective validation. HbA1C performed poorly as a screening or diagnostic tool for GDM. However, the majority of patients were diagnosed as GDM based on the fasting glucose and thus the fasting glucose may be considered as an alternative diagnostic test. The glucometer is a commonly used device for managing patients with diabetes mellitus. The Roche Accucheck Active glucometer performed poorly when used for the diagnosis of GDM with a sensitivity of 27% and specificity of 89.4%. For the evaluation of biomarkers only HIV negative patients were considered. Three hundred and eighty-nine women were included in a nested case control trial. There was a significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups for fasting glucose (p=0.0000), fasting insulin (p=0.0003), and adiponectin (p=0.0460). Conclusion: The prevalence of GDM in South Africa is higher than anticipated. There is a need to develop a standardised national screening protocol that is effective and cost efficient. The use of fasting glucose needs to be considered as a diagnostic test to avoid the cumbersome OGTT. Other glucometers need to be evaluated as a point of care device would make the screening of GDM more timeous, efficient, and cost-effective. Biomarkers hold promise as a screening tool and their potential needs to be investigated further, possibly as a screening tool for GDM in early pregnancy.
The prevalence of gestational diabetes amongst women living in Soweto, South Africa; Background: South Africa has an emerging obesity epidemic with 31% of urban and 21% of rural women being classified as obese. Along with obesity, type 2 diabetes is on the rise and, most likely, so is gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). GDM is defined as diabetes diagnosed for the first time in a woman during pregnancy. GDM can have adverse effects on the mother and the developing foetus and adds to the already heavily-burdened healthcare system in our country. Little is known about the prevalence of GDM in South Africa with only four studies having ever been published, only one of which involved black South African women and the use of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) - the golden standard for diagnosing GDM. That study produced a GDM prevalence of 8.8% in rural Limpopo. Universal screening for GDM is not performed in the state hospital sector in Johannesburg; women are selectively screened for GDM only if they have certain risk factors. The aim of our study was to determine the prevalence of GDM amongst women living in urban Soweto, Johannesburg. Methods: Black South African women, 18 years of age or older and less than 24 weeks pregnant with singleton pregnancies, were recruited from the antenatal clinic at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital and invited to participate in the study. Women with pre-existing diabetes were excluded from the study. A total of 1805 women were recruited into the study. At 24-28 weeks gestation they underwent a two-hour 75 g OGTT. The International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria for diagnosing GDM were used. One or more of the following glucose thresholds had to be equalled or exceeded for GDM to be diagnosed: fasting glucose of 5.1 mmol/l; 1-hour post glucose load of 10 mmol/l; 2-hour post-glucose load of 8.5 mmol/l. Women diagnosed with GDM were referred for further management and treatment to the Diabetic Clinic at Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital. Results: A total of 175 women were diagnosed as having GDM. The prevalence of GDM amongst black women living in Soweto was calculated as 9.7%. The majority of GDM cases had one abnormal OGTT reading, usually a fasting glucose of > 5.1 mmol/l. Management of the women involved dietary modifications and some required metformin. Conclusions: The prevalence of GDM amongst black South African women in urban Soweto is of concern. In addition, the majority of these women were not flagged through their regular antenatal check-ups for GDM screening and would therefore have missed being diagnosed. In a country where diabetes is becoming a serious problem, it might be worth considering universal screening for GDM, as opposed to selective screening, in order to diagnose and manage more women optimally.
The co-existence of HIV infection and obesity with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in black Africans in Sub Saharan Africa; Background: Whilst coping with HIV, Africa is facing increasing prevalence of obesity and Type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2D). Obesity coupled with HIV infection and combination anti-retroviral therapy (cART) might, through heightened insulin resistance, enhance the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: We recruited 1070 black African pregnant women living in Johannesburg, South Africa < 14 weeks' gestation and assessed HIV, cART status and body mass index (BMI). Between 24- 28 weeks' gestation we screened for GDM (oral glucose tolerance test; International Association of the Diabetes and Pregnancy Study Groups diagnostic criteria). Results: HIV-negative, obese women (BMI ≥ 30 kg/m2) had greater risk of developing GDM (OR 2.5; 95% CI 1.2 - 5.4) than HIV-negative, normal weight women. Diagnosis of HIV in early pregnancy and initiation of cART treatment was associated with more than double the risk of GDM in obese women (OR 5.9; 95% CI 2.3 - 15.3). This risk was mitigated if HIV was diagnosed, and cART prescribed, before pregnancy (OR 1.9; 95% CI 0.6 - 6.4). Adjustment for age, socio-economic status and parity, attenuated GDM risk in obese HIV-positive women with antenatal cART therapy, but the odds of developing the disorder remained twice that (OR 4.8; 95% CI 1.8 - 12.7) of HIV-negative obese women. Conclusions: Despite early diagnosis of HIV and the initiation of cART in obese subjects during pregnancy, these women may be at significant risk for GDM, which could contribute to an accelerated risk of T2D in the mothers and potentially the next generation.
Gestational Diabetes: Prevalence and predictive factors for sustained dysglycaemia at 6-12 weeks follow up.; Background: The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), like the prevalence of diabetes (DM) and pre-diabetes, is on the rise. GDM is a well-recognised risk factor for developing future DM. In resource-limited settings, pregnancy is often the first formal exposure to healthcare. This may lead to the identification of glucose abnormalities that may have, in fact, been present before pregnancy. Dysglycaemia of first onset in pregnancy usually subsides post-partum but is usually sustained in the undiagnosed diabetic patient. The identification of risk factors for sustained and/ or recurrent dysglycaemia after GDM will assist in more accurate risk stratification of patients during pregnancy. This may lead to more appropriate and cost-effective surveillance of this high risk group post-partum. Aims: To determine the prevalence of dysglycaemia in the cohort of patients diagnosed with diabetes in pregnancy, by means of oral glucose tolerance testing at 6-12 weeks postpartum. To identify historical, clinical and biochemical parameters that may predict DM after pregnancy in patients diagnosed with diabetes in pregnancy. Methods: The study was conducted prospectively at the postpartum diabetic clinic at Tygerberg Academic Hospital over a period of 12 months. Patients diagnosed with diabetes in pregnancy were evaluated consecutively by means of a standard OGTT (oral glucose tolerance test) and HbA1C at 6-12 week follow up. Patients known with pre-gestational DM were excluded. Results: The average duration from delivery to postpartum evaluation was 7.5 weeks (SD±2.3). Forty six percent were found to be dysglycaemic at follow-up. DM was diagnosed in 21 patients (27%) and pre-diabetes in 15 (19%). Thirty seven percent had at least one plasma glucose value in keeping with overt DM at diagnosis in pregnancy. Of these half were diagnosed with DM postpartum and 14% with pre-diabetes. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) identified the majority with DM postpartum. The concomitant HbA1C correctly identified 20 of the 21 patients with DM. The factors significantly associated with DM were (p < 0.05): Gestation < 24 weeks at diagnosis (OR 11.75), FPG > 5.1 (OR 5.72) and HbA1C ≥ 6.2%(OR3.97) at diagnosis; any insulin use HbA1C ≥ 6.2% at delivery (OR 5.07), age > 36 years (OR 3.1), family history of DM (OR 2.98) as well as pre-term labour (OR 3.14). HbA1C at diagnosis ≥6.2% (OR 14.8), any insulin use (OR 4.7), gestation at diagnosis < 24 weeks (OR 3.85) and elevated FPG > 5.1 at diagnosis (OR 1.5) retained the significance with multivariate analysis. Conclusion: Half of the women with glucose abnormalities in pregnancy had dysglycaemia postpartum. HbA1C at diagnosis, any insulin use, gestation at diagnosis < 24 weeks and elevated FPG were associated with the highest risk of DM postpartum.
52nd SEMDSA Congress and 15th LASSA Congress; The proceedings contain 66 papers. The topics discussed include: review of once-monthly oral ibandronate and the use thereof; obesity and kidney disease : hidden consequences of the epidemic; performance of the androgen deficiency in aging male questionnaire for the clinical detection of androgen deficiency in black sub-Saharan African men with type-2 diabetes mellitus; amplitude of accommodation is reduced in pre-presbyopic diabetic patients; comparing screening strategies for gestational diabetes in a South African population; the prevalence of gestational diabetes amongst women living in Soweto, South Africa; gestational diabetes: prevalence and predictive factors for sustained dysglycaemia at 6-12 weeks follow up; and the co-existence of HIV infection and obesity with risk of gestational diabetes mellitus in black Africans in sub Saharan Africa.
Risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage in the neonatal intensive care unit of a municipal hospital; Objective: To investigate the risk factors for neonatal pulmonary hemorrhage (NPH) in the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of a municipal hospital, and to provide a basis for the early identification and treatment of NPH. Methods: A total of 112 neonates who were admitted to the NICU of Shaoyang Central Hospital of Hunan Province and diagnosed with NPH were enrolled as the case group. A nested case-control method was used to select, as a control group (n=224), the neonates who underwent the treatment with an assisted mechanical ventilator and did not experience pulmonary hemorrhage. Univariate analysis and unconditional logistic regression analysis were used to identify the high risk factors for NPH. Results: The univariate analysis showed that compared with the control group, the case group had significantly higher incidence rates of gestational diabetes and cholestasis in mothers, cesarean delivery, gestational age <34 weeks, 5-minute Apgar score ≤5, birth weight <2 500 g, heart failure and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) before the development of NPH, partial pressure of oxygen/fraction of inspired oxygen (oxygenation index, OI) ≤100, and a reduction in mean platelet volume. The multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that DIC, heart failure, and OI ≤100 were independent risk factors for NPH (OR=33.975, 3.975, 1.818 respectively; P<0.05). Conclusions: Heart failure, OI ≤100, and DIC are risk factors for the development of NPH in the NICU of the municipal hospital.
Three patients presenting with severe macrosomia and congenital hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: A case series; Background: Macrosomia and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy are two features often associated in neonates of diabetic mothers. We report the cases of three patients with severe macrosomia and critical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without severely unbalanced maternal diabetes. Only three patients with those two features and no uncontrolled maternal diabetes have been previously reported. Case presentation: The first patient was a 39-week-old girl, the second patient was a 39-week-old girl, and the third patient was a 41-week-old boy. The two French girls and the French boy had severe macrosomia and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, leading to the death of the boy. The outcome of the two girls was favorable, with a standardization of growth curves and ventricular hypertrophy. Their mothers presented with high body mass index but no severe documented maternal diabetes; glycemic imbalance was only suspected on postnatal analyses. There was no hydramnios during pregnancy and no other environmental factor, especially toxic exposure. Their parents are from Mayotte, Guadeloupe, and Guinea-Conakry. The usual genetics causes, Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome, and chromosomal copy number variation, were also excluded. Conclusions: This report suggests the implication of other factors in addition to glycemic disorders, including genetic factors, in the occurrence of macrosomia and severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates. These three original observations indicate that gynecologists and neonatologists should pay attention to neonates from mothers with a high body mass index and when maternal diabetes is not documented.
Impact of maternal diabetes on first & early second trimester fetal cardiovascular health; Background: Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM), which affects 6-7% of pregnancies, is associated with fetal myocardial hypertrophy and altered diastolic function later in gestation, but its impact on the fetal heart earlier in gestation has received minimal attention. We sought to determine if maternal DM impacts fetal heart function at 8-15 weeks of gestation and to elucidate the role of maternal glycemic control. Methods: Pregnancies complicated by DM and gestational age-matched healthy controls (1 DM: 2 controls) were prospectively recruited to undergo early fetal echocardiography. Pulsed Doppler-derived parameters of left (LV) and right ventricular function and the fetal circulation were compared between the groups. Maternal hemoglobin A1C values at <12 weeks gestation were collected. Results: In total, 45 DM and 90 control pregnancies were studied (mean gestational age 12.4±1.5 weeks for both). The LV Tei index was signifcantly increased in fetuses of DM pregnancies (DM 0.52±0.14 vs control 0.43±0.11, p<0.001)(Figure). Other functional parameters did not differ between the groups, and A1C did not correlate with any functional parameter in our DM cohort.
Cardiovascular health of offspring of diabetic mothers from the fetus through late infancy stages; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) develop left ventricular(LV) hypertrophy and mild diastolic dysfunction prenatally, and are at increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease(CVD). Whether fetal changes truly resolve or persist, contributing to long-term CVD has not been explored. The aims of our study were to determine if IDMs have myocardial hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction in late infancy, have increased aortic stiffness, and if cardiovascular pathology of IDMs is associated with worse maternal glycemic control. Methods: We longitudinally investigated myocardial and vascular health by echocardiography in offspring of pregestational DM pregnancies both prenatally (3 each, 20-40 weeks) and in infancy (2-6 weeks & 6-12 months). We compared LV posterior(LVPW) and septal(IVS) wall thickness, systolic and diastolic function and aortic stiffness (pulse wave velocity, PWV) between IDMs and pre and postnatal age-matched controls from healthy pregnancies, and collected maternal A1c values. Results: 36 IDMs and 36 controls were prospectively recruited. Increased LVPW and IVS was present in DM fetuses from the midtrimester that persisted through both early and late infancy (p<0.01, all ages). Although increased LV Tei index was present in late gestation in IDMs, and mild diastolic pathology in early infancy, by late infancy LV function was comparable to controls. PWV was increased in late infancy in IDMs (3.7+/-1.2 vs 2.2+/-0.5m/s, p <0.01) which correlated with LVPW and IVS (R2 0.82 & 0.87, respectively, p <0.05). Late infancy PWV also correlated with 3rd trimester A1c (R2 = 0.83, p<0.05), but LVPW and IVS did not. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure did not differ between groups. Conclusions: IDMs display persistence of LV hypertrophy through late infancy. Aortic stiffness is increased in IDMs in late infancy which relates to late gestation maternal glycemic control.
Sedentary behaviours during pregnancy: A systematic review; Background: In the general population, at least 50% of time awake is spent in sedentary behaviours. Sedentary behaviours are activities that expend less energy than 1.5 metabolic equivalents, such as sitting. The amount of time spent in sedentary behaviours is a risk factor for diseases such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and death from all causes. Even individuals meeting physical activity guidelines are at a higher risk of premature death and adverse metabolic outcomes if they sit for extended intervals. The associations between sedentary behaviour with type 2 diabetes and with impaired glucose tolerance are stronger for women than for men. It is not known whether sedentary behaviour in pregnancy influences pregnancy outcomes, but if those negative outcomes observed in general adult population also occur in pregnancy, this could have implications for adverse outcomes for mothers and offspring. We aimed to determine the proportion of time spent in sedentary behaviours among pregnant women, and the association of sedentary behaviour with pregnancy outcomes in mothers and offspring. Methods: Two researchers independently performed the literature search using 5 different electronic bibliographic databases. Studies were included if sedentary behaviours were assessed during pregnancy. Two reviewers independently assessed the articles for quality and bias, and extracted the relevant information. Results: We identified 26 studies meeting the inclusion criteria. Pregnant women spent more than 50% of their time in sedentary behaviours. Increased time in sedentary behaviour was significantly associated with higher levels of C Reactive Protein and LDL Cholesterol, and a larger newborn abdominal circumference. Sedentary behaviours were significantly higher among women who delivered macrosomic infants. Discrepancies were found in associations of sedentary behaviour with gestational weight gain, hypertensive disorders, and birth weight. No consistent associations were found between sedentary behaviour and other variables such as gestational diabetes. There was considerable variability in study design and methods of assessing sedentary behaviour. Conclusions: Our review highlights the significant time spent in sedentary behaviour during pregnancy, and that sedentary behaviour may impact on pregnancy outcomes for both mother and child. The considerable heterogeneity in the literature suggests future studies should use robust methodology for quantifying sedentary behaviour.
Pregnancy in women with complete transposition of the great arteries following the atrial switch procedure. A study from three of the largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease centers in Poland; Objective: We sought to identify maternal/neonatal and cardiovascular complications in pregnant women with complete transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) following atrial switch. Methods: Clinical records of all women with D-TGA after the Mustard/Senning (M/S) operation who were followed at the three largest Adult Congenital Heart Disease (ACHD) centers in Poland were reviewed. Results: Fifteen of the fifty-nine women followed had a total of 24 pregnancies, including two spontaneous miscarriages. Twenty-two pregnancies (92%) resulted in a live birth, 91% were by cesarean section. During 5 (23%) of the 22 completed pregnancies obstetric complications were observed (one gestational diabetes, one hypertension in pregnancy, one placenta increta and two preterm labors). The mean pregnancy duration was 37.2 weeks (range: 26–41 weeks).We observed one neonatal death due to extreme prematurity. Six (25%) children had a birth weight of ≤2500 g. None of women had severe cardiac complications during pregnancy nor in the postpartum period. Conclusions: In our study, we demonstrated a large number of obstetric complications and low birth weight in the presence of a systemic right ventricle. However, from a cardiologist’s point of view pregnancy after the M/S operation was well-tolerated and relatively safe.
Assisted conception and the risk of CHD: A case-control study; Epidemiological studies suggest a higher prevalence of congenital malformations in children conceived through assisted reproductive technologies. There are a few studies that address CHD specifically and most have examined data from registries. We examined the relationship between CHD and assisted conception using data collected in a specialist paediatric cardiac service in the United Kingdom. Between April, 2010 and July, 2011, the parents of children attending paediatric cardiology clinics at the Royal Brompton Hospital, London, were invited to complete a questionnaire that enquired about the nature of their child's conception, the route for their original referral, and a number of potential confounding exposures. Cases were defined as children diagnosed with one or more carefully defined CHDs and controls as those with normal hearts. Of 894 new attendees with complete data, half of them were cases (n=410, 45.9%). The overall prevalence of assisted conception was 5.4% (n=44). Logistic regression analysis demonstrated a non-significant increase in the crude odds for the use of assisted reproduction (odds ratio 1.21, 95% confidence interval 0.66-2.22) in this group. After adjustment for gestation, parity, year of birth, and maternal age, the odds ratio reduced (odds ratio 0.95, 95% confidence interval 0.48-1.88). Increased rates of assisted conception were observed in a number of CHD subgroups, although no significant differences were found. These findings do not suggest an overall association between CHD and assisted reproduction in this population.
Tissues Derived From Reprogrammed Wharton’s Jelly Stem Cells of the Umbilical Cord Provide an Ideal Platform to Study the Effects of Glucose, Zika Virus, and Other Agents on the Fetus; The infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. It has been difficult to study the direct effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the fetus because of inaccessibility of fetal tissues. The development of tissues that simulate the function of fetal organs using stem cell technology provides an unprecedented opportunity to study this disorder. Stem cells in the Wharton's jelly of the umbilical cord (hWJSCs), possess unique properties that are different from other stem cells. They are primitive, present in large numbers, non-tumorigenic, hypoimmunogenic, tumoricidal, and carry a genetic signature that represents the fetus. They are multipotent but their differentiation into functional pancreatic and cardiovascular tissues has been challenging. We have been able to reprogram hWJSCs from normal and GDM cords into induced pluripotent stem cells (iPSCs) from which a variety of functional fetal tissues including insulin-producing and cardiovascular tissues could be derived. Such tissues from reprogrammed hWJSCs of normal and GDM cords that physiologically and genetically mimic the fetus of the diabetic or non-diabetic mother are an ideal platform to study the effects of glucose, the Zika virus, and other harmful agents on the fetus. The immature stemness phenotype of hWJSCs, easy accessibility, availability in large numbers without the need for propagation, and lower risk of accumulation of epigenetic mutations make them the most attractive candidate over other umbilical cord cell types for reprogramming. Additionally, some of their beneficial genes may be retained in memory in the iPSCs derived from them. J. Cell. Biochem. 118: 437–441, 2017. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Ischemia modified albumin in perinatology; Ischemia modified albumin is a novel marker of ischemia generated due to hypooxygenation and increased hydroxyl free radicals in low pH. The molecule has been licenced for clinical use as an early marker for acute coronary syndrome in cardiology. Since presence of ischemia might have serious and sometimes devastating effects in perinatology, various researches have evaluated its value in different clinical conditions. This narrative review aims to summarize the literature concerning the value of IMA in perinatology and guide for further research.
Management of Type 2B von Willebrand Disease during Pregnancy; Type 2B von Willebrand disease is a rare bleeding condition resulting in thrombocytopenia and a reduction in large VWF multimers. It usually has an autosomal dominant pattern of inheritance. We report the management of a patient with type 2B von Willebrand disease, whose diagnosis was confirmed by demonstration of a R1306W mutation, through her first pregnancy. The patient's von Willebrand factor (VWF) antigen and VWF ristocetin cofactor levels rose throughout pregnancy, with an associated drop in the platelet count. The patient was successfully managed through labour to a surgical delivery with VWF concentrate, platelet transfusions and tranexamic acid. The patient delivered a male baby who was found to have inherited type 2B von Willebrand disease and had a significant cephalhaematoma at delivery. The baby was managed with VWF concentrate and platelet transfusions and made a full recovery. There is a lack of evidence to guide the best management of pregnant patients with type 2B von Willebrand disease. We adopted a pragmatic management plan, in keeping with other published case reports. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case report in which the child was found to have inherited type 2B von Willebrand disease and encountered bleeding problems, making this case unique amongst the published literature.
Epidemiology of Cardiac Arrest during Hospitalization for Delivery in Canada: A Nationwide Study; BACKGROUND: Cardiac arrest in pregnancy is a rare and devastating condition with high mortality and morbidity. The objective of this study was to generate information about maternal cardiac arrest in Canada by examining the frequency, temporal incidence, associated conditions, potential etiologies, and survival rates. METHODS: This retrospective population-based study used hospitalization data from the discharge abstract database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information relating to obstetric deliveries in Canada from April 1, 2002, to March 31, 2015. The data were accessed through the Public Health Agency of Canada's (PHAC) Canadian Perinatal Surveillance System. Cases of cardiac arrest were identified using the diagnostic and intervention codes from the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and the Canadian Classification of Health Interventions, respectively. Data on patient demographics, medical and obstetrical conditions, and potential etiologies of cardiac arrest were collected. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify conditions associated with cardiac arrest. RESULTS: There were 286 cases of maternal cardiac arrest among 3,568,597 hospitalizations for delivery during the 13-year period. A total of 204 (71.3%) women survived to hospital discharge (95% confidence interval, 65.7%-76.5%). There was no significant variation in the incidence of cardiac arrest or survival from arrest over time or across provinces. Among the pre-existing conditions, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, malignancy, and diseases of the respiratory and nervous system were found to be significantly associated with cardiac arrest. Among the obstetrical conditions, placental abnormalities and polyhydramnios were associated with cardiac arrest. The common potential etiologies included postpartum hemorrhage, heart failure, amniotic fluid embolism, and complications of anesthesia. CONCLUSIONS: In this first Canadian study, the incidence of cardiac arrest during pregnancy was found to be 1:12,500 deliveries. The survival rate reported in our study is higher than reported previously in other countries. Our study findings contribute to better inform the development and implementation of policies and programs in an effort to prevent and manage this condition.
Morbidity and Mortality in Small-for-Gestational-Age Infants: A Secondary Analysis of Nine MFMU Network Studies; Objective To compare the neonatal morbidity and mortality among small-for-gestational-age (SGA; birth weight < 10% for estimated gestational age [EGA]) versus appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA; birth weight at 10-89%) newborns. Methods Data from nine Maternal-Fetal Medicine Units Network studies were used and included nonanomalous singletons at 24 weeks or more and birth weight < 90% for EGA. Using multivariable analysis, we compared the morbidity and mortality between SGA and AGA. Random-effect logistic regressions were utilized with adjustment for 10 variables. Results Among the nine studies 71,744 singletons met the inclusion criteria, with 13% (n = 9,415) SGA and 87% (n = 62,329) AGA. Among SGA, the likelihood of stillbirth (8.8 vs. 2.5 per 1,000 births; adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3.98, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.92-5.42) and neonatal mortality (14.0 vs. 5.5 per 1,000 births; aOR 3.18, 95% CI: 2.55-3.95) was threefold higher compared with AGA. For the subgroup of newborns of EGA of 32 weeks or more, SGA, compared with AGA, had significantly higher risk of stillbirth (aOR 3.32, 95% CI: 2.16-5.12) and neonatal mortality (aOR 2.50; 95% CI: 1.38-4.54). From 35 weeks onward, the risk of stillbirth among SGA is almost four times higher than for AGA. Conclusion The risk of stillbirth and neonatal mortality is significantly higher with SGA than with AGA. Modification in practice or new management schema may be warranted.
Description of a New Predictive Modeling Approach That Correlates the Risk and Associated Cost of Well-Defined Diabetes-Related Complications with Changes in Glycated Hemoglobin (HbA1c); The modeling approach described here is designed to support the development of spreadsheet-based simple predictive models. It is based on 3 pillars: association of the complications with HbA1c changes, incidence of the complications, and average cost per event of the complication. For each pillar, the goal of the analysis was (1) to find results for a large diversity of populations with a focus on countries/regions, diabetes type, age, diabetes duration, baseline HbA1c value, and gender; (2) to assess the range of incidences and associations previously reported. Unlike simple predictive models, which mostly are based on only 1 source of information for each of the pillars, we conducted a comprehensive, systematic literature review. Each source found was thoroughly reviewed and only sources meeting quality expectations were considered. The approach allows avoidance of unintended use of extreme data. The user can utilize (1) one of the found sources, (2) the found range as validation for the found figures, or (3) the average of all found publications for an expedited estimate. The modeling approach is intended for use in average insulin-treated diabetes populations in which the baseline HbA1c values are within an average range (6.5% to 11.5%); it is not intended for use in individuals or unique diabetes populations (eg, gestational diabetes). Because the modeling approach only considers diabetes-related complications that are positively associated with HbA1c decreases, the costs of negatively associated complications (eg, severe hypoglycemic events) must be calculated separately.
Epidemiology of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy: Prevalence, risk factors, predictors and prognosis; Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (HDP) represent some of the most important problems faced by public health because HDP is a major cause of maternal and prenatal morbidity and mortality. Several epidemiological studies have been performed to determine the prevalence and risk factors of HDP as well as its subtypes. The prevalences of HDP, gestational hypertension and preeclampsia are 5.2-8.2%, 1.8-4.4% and 0.2-9.2%, respectively. Body mass index, anemia and lower education appear to be modifiable risk factors for HDP. Maternal age, primiparous, multiple pregnancy, HDP in previous pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preexisting hypertension, preexisting type 2 diabetes mellitus, preexisting urinary tract infection and a family history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia appear to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Genetic variants including a single-nucleotide polymorphism in the angiotensinogen gene have also been reported to be nonmodifiable risk factors. Epidemiological studies have recently examined the associations between a history of HDP and its subtypes and future risks of other diseases. These studies have reported associations between a history of HDP and a risk of coronary heart disease, heart failure, dysrhythmia, stroke, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, end-stage renal dysfunction and cardiomyopathy. HDP is not associated with the future incidence of total cancer. In conclusion, HDP is not a rare complication of pregnancy and the influence of HDP remains for an extended duration. Physicians should consider the effects of HDP when treating chronic diseases in women.
Traumatic brain lesions in newborns; The neonatal period is a highly vulnerable time for an infant. The high neonatal morbidity and mortality rates attest to the fragility of life during this period. The incidence of birth trauma is 0.8%, varying from 0.2-2 per 1,000 births. The aim of this study is to describe brain traumas, and their mechanism, anatomy considerations, and physiopathology of the newborn traumatic brain injury. Methods: A literature review using the PubMed data base, MEDLINE, EMBASE, Science Direct, The Cochrane Database, Google Scholar, and clinical trials. Selected papers from 1922 to 2016 were studied. We selected 109 papers, through key-words, with inclusion and exclusion criteria. Discussion: This paper discusses the risk factors for birth trauma, the anatomy of the occipito-anterior and vertex presentation, and traumatic brain lesions. Conclusion: Birth-related traumatic brain injury may cause serious complications in newborn infants. Its successful management includes special training, teamwork, and an individual approach.
JCL roundtable: Cardiovascular disease risk reduction in menopausal women; Ovarian failure occurs in most women during the late fifth decade or early sixth decade of life. This causes a number of changes in physiology as estrogen and progestin concentrations decline. These involve lipoprotein metabolism and the vasculature. The risk factors for large vessel disease increase, and dysfunction of the small resistance vessels responds with changes in blood flow to the skin causing unpleasant symptoms. These and other changes result in visits to the physician. A reassessment of risk factors and symptoms is needed to develop a new plan for effective management, both short term and long term.
Pregnancies in Women Aged 45 Years and Older - a 10-Year Retrospective Analysis in Berlin; Introduction Improved fertility treatment options and a change in the socio-cultural concept of family planning, especially in industrialized regions, has led to an increasing number of births by women of advanced maternal age, which is associated with a higher rate of complications. The aim of this study was to analyze pregnancy outcomes in women aged ≥ 45 years in an inner-city German hospital and to compare these results to those of a younger cohort. Materials and Methods Over a 10-year period from January 2004 to May 2015, the pregnancy outcomes of all 186 women aged ≥ 45 years who delivered in our hospital were compared in a 1:1 ratio to those of a cohort of 29-year old women. Results The rates of assisted reproduction (34 vs. 3 ), multiple pregnancies (16 vs. 5 ) and cesarean section (59 vs. 29 ) were significantly increased in the study group. There was an increased risk of preterm delivery (28 vs. 11 ), preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and premature rupture of membranes in the advanced maternal age group. Conclusion Advanced maternal age leads to higher rates of fetal and maternal complications. These findings should be taken into account when planning assisted reproduction and obstetrical care in women with advanced maternal age.
The St vincent declaration-25 years on: Lessons learnt from review of maternal deaths due to diabetes reported to the confidential enquiry into maternal deaths in the UK over the past 25 years; Introduction The St Vincent Declaration (1989) aim to improve the pregnancy outcome of pre-gestational diabetes to the general population within 5 years. In the UK about 5% of pregnant women are affected by diabetes. (NICE Guidelines 2015). Method This retrospective study reviewed maternal deaths due to diabetes reported to all the Confidential Enquiry into Maternal Deaths (CEMACH, MBRRACE) over past 25 years. Results There were 22 maternal deaths. Lessons Learnt - Top ten changes in management of diabetic women from the 1990's showed improvements in: (1) pre-conception counselling; (2) multidisciplinary obstetric/endocrinology antenatal clinics with specialist midwives and improvement in primary and secondary care communication; (3) fetal echocardiogram and third trimester serial growth scans; (4) first trimester folic acid 5 mg and aspirin 75 mg; (5) third trimester fetal surveillance; (6) patient-centred care (information leaflets); (7) patient empowerment (early booking and self-referral); (8) mother-baby bonding, discontinue routine SCBU admission for BM monitoring; (9) audits and (10) clinical governance, serious incidence reporting, RCA and external reviews (maternal and fetal deaths). The CEMACH National Diabetes Survey (2002) of 3808 diabetics showed they had poorer maternal and fetal pregnancy outcomes compared to the general population, with preterm labour (36% versus 7%), caesarean section (67% versus 22%), macrosomia (21% versus 11%) and shoulder dystocia (8% versus 3%); and increased stillbirth (fivefold), perinatal mortality (three-fold), and congenital abnormalities (two-fold). Conclusion The adverse fetal and maternal pregnancy outcomes of pre-gestational diabetes in the UK remains high. The National Diabetes in Pregnancy Audit results remains outstanding.
Renal vein thrombosis: A cryptic cause of stillbirth autopsy cases from 2010-2015 selected to illustrate the spectrum of disease; Introduction To demonstrate that renal vein thrombosis is a not uncommon finding at autopsy examination of late intra uterine foetal death. It may be overt, with haemorrhagic infarction and propagation of thrombus into the vena cava or may not be found on careful gross examination but be clearly identified on microscopic histological examination. It is associated with chorionic vein and chorionic artery thrombosis. It is a cause of thromboembolism to the foetal circulation and with chorionic vessel thrombosis can be associated with cerebral infarction and occlusive limb ischaemia. Results Four of the infants were stillborn with varying degrees of maceration, one was an early neonatal death. Two babies had external manifestations of thromboembolism: One had gangrene of the right forearm, another (the neonate) of the head and face. Two babies had bilateral thrombosis with hemorrhagic infarction of one kidney. Three had histological evidence of disease only, not seen on gross examination. Four had chorionic artery thrombosis and three vein thrombosis identified on histological examination of the placenta. Conclusions A hypercoagulable state is a disease association of mother and fetus. In the foetal circulation, polycythaemia and vascular stasis associated with IUGR, maternal diabetes or chromosomal aneuploidy, can predispose to thrombosis within the foetal and placental compartments. Foetal death, perinatal stroke or cerebral palsy may be the result. The pathophysiology of renal vein thrombosis is complex and may present at different stages. Fibrinolysis is the mechanism of resolution, detachment of thrombus, the origin of thromboembolism. Postmortem lysis may also obscure the embolic event.
Arterial stiffness in pregnant women with high BMI in the third trimester; Introduction One in five women that present at antenatal booking in the UK are obese. High BMI (≥35) in pregnancy is associated with complications such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and venous thromboembolism, resulting in postnatal cardiovascular risk. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) as a measure of arterial stiffness, is an independent predictor of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in the non pregnant population. The main aim of this study was to investigate PWV in obese pregnant women. Methods This was a prospective case-control study. Tensiomed Arteriograph™ was used for record PWV among pregnant women (n = 27) with high BMI attending specialised clinic at a gestational age ≥28 weeks of gestation. The controls were women with normal BMI (18-25 kg/m2) who had uncomplicated pregnancies (n = 26). Results Women with BMI ≥35 were noted to have a significantly elevated mean PWV (8.963 m/s + 2.369) compared with healthy matched controls (7.738 m/s + 1.769; P = 0.0384). Central systolic blood pressure (CsBP) was different between the two groups, the mean being 116.0 mmHg (95% CI 110.862 to 121.175) in the High BMI group in comparison to 98.8 mmHg (95% CI 96.035 to 101.635) in the Normal BMI group (P < 0.0001). Mean age and parity didn't differ between the two groups. Conclusion Pregnant women with a high BMI tend to have significantly higher PWV reflecting a greater level of arterial stiffness than those with a Normal BMI, arguably resulting from increased CsBP. Further work is required to examine the relationship between PWV and pregnancy complications in obese women.
An innovative bioinformatics approach to identify new potential therapeutic targets in gestational diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with short-term and long term complications for both mothers and their children. Normalizing blood sugar prevents some but not all complications of GDM. New therapeutic approaches are needed, but face difficulties in translating research concepts into clinically useful therapies while also ensuring that new medications are safe in pregnancy. We sought to use electronic health record (EHR)-based genetic associations to investigate whether drugs currently considered safe in pregnancy might be potential candidates to treat, or prevent complications of, GDM. METHODS: We compiled a list of 139 systematically active drugs considered safe in pregnancy that target the products of 288 genes. Using Vanderbilt University's BioVU DNA biobank associated with EHRs, we identified SNPs in the 288 genes associated with GDM and type 2 diabetes (DM2). Findings were correlated with gene expression in pancreatic beta cells and the placenta in health and diabetes. Using data from the EHR, we examined the association between medication use and markers of glycemic control including the 50 gram glucose tolerance test (GTT) and glycated hemoglobin (A1C). Multivariate analyses controlled for age, BMI, gender, race, and ethnicity. RESULTS: We identified SNPs in 20 genes associated with GDM and 44 associated with DM2. Variants in the MTNR1B were associated with GDM and DM2 and use of the MTNR1B agonist agomelatine is associated with reduced A1C. Variants were identified in 5HTR3D and the HTR3-antagonist anti-nausea medications (e.g. ondansetron), were associated with a 3.7 mg/dL increase in GTT. Conversely, hyperemesis gravidarum was associated with a 7.2 mg/dL decrease in GTT. Variants in muscarinic and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors, targeted by the Alzheimer medication galantamine were associated with GDM and DM2. Galantamine was associated with a 0.38% increase in A1C. CONCLUSIONS: This innovative approach identified novel potential therapies aimed at GDM that are known to be safe in pregnancy. Future directions include study of candidate therapies in controlling blood glucose and preventing the negative complications of GDM and extending this method to other diseases of gestation.
Risk factors for prolonged interval from prom to delivery in women with a prior CS; INTRODUCTION: The management of term pre labor rupture of membranes (PROM) in women with a prior cesarean section (CS) is under debate. The infectious morbidity associated with prolonged interval from admission to delivery, is countered by the risk for CS scar rupture during active management. Therefore, in these women, we aimed to study: 1) maternal risk factors for prolonged interval; and 2) the effect of prolonged interval on infectious and other obstetric complications. METHODS: This population-based retrospective cohort study, included all women (n=819) who delivered in our medical center (1988-2013), with a prior CS and term PROM in the index pregnancy. Study population was divided into two groups; 1) those who delivered ≤24h from PROM (n=514) and 2) those who delivered >24h (n=305) from PROM. A negative binomial model was used for the identification of independent risk factors for prolonged interval. RESULTS: The rate of smokers (p=0.03) and chronic hypertension (HTN) was higher among women with a prolonged interval (p=0.009). The indications for the prior CS varied between the study groups. Cord prolapse, non-reassuring fetal heart rate and placental abruption were more prevalent in the short interval group, while the rate of first stage arrest was higher in the prolonged interval group. The rate of chorioamnionitis and first and second stage arrest, blood transfusion and wound infection were all higher in the prolonged interval group. Gestational diabetes (GDM) and chronic HTN were both independent risk factor for prolonged interval. Additionally, prolonged interval and first stage arrest were both independent risk factors for infectious maternal morbidity. CONCLUSIONS: Among women with a prior CS: 1) GDM and smoking increase the risk of prolonged interval from PROM to delivery; 2) previous CS due to dystocia is associated with prolonged interval and its related morbidities; 3) these findings warrant reconsideration of trial of labor in women with term PROM and a prior CS due to labor dystocia.
Sex specific weight elevation in adult progeny of mothers with pregestational diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diabetes is a well-recognized risk factor for childhood obesity, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in adulthood. Moreover, children of diabetic mothers are more likely themselves to develop Type 2 diabetes mellitus. The objective is to compare the adult weight of male and female progeny exposed to pregestational maternal diabetes and euglycemic controls in a murine mode. METHODS: Hyperglycemia was induced in wild type 8-week old CD-1 female mice with a one time intraperitoneal injection of 150 mg/kg of streptozotocin (STZ) prior to mating. Both groups were mated. The offspring were designated diabetic males (n=9), diabetic females (n=9), control males (n=9) and control female(n=8). Adult weights were measured at 8 months of age. Student t-test was used for statistical analysis. P<0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Only adult male progeny exposed to maternal diabetes exhibited significantly increased weight (65.03+/-6.32 grams grams) as compared to controls (53.9+/- 11.2; P=0.018). There were no significant weight differences in the adult female progeny born to diabetic dams (52.5 +/- 16.6 grams) versus euglycemic dams (66+/- 17.77 ; P=.111). CONCLUSIONS: Elevated adult weight was observed in male progeny of diabetic dams. More exploration needs to be done to elucidate the mechanism for these observed sex specific differences in adult male weight gain.
Peripartum headache-be vigilant before it is too late!; Background Though the intrapartum and postpartum periods remain the highest risk for intracranial haemorrhages (ICH), the incidence is very low. A study conducted by Kittner et al., showed that the postpartum period carries the highest risk for stroke. Another study done in USA showed that incidence of ICH was 6.1 per 100 000 deliveries in 2007. It was found that although this phenomenon is rare, it is even more devastating when it occurs in a young peripartum woman. Case During 2016 Logan Hospital, Queensland encountered two cases of ICH postpartum. Both women were healthy and had unremarkable antenatal and intrapartum periods. Case A demonstrates a 32-year-old female who had a subarachnoid haemorrhage within a few hours of an uneventful vaginal birth. During pregnancy she developed a mild gestational thrombocytopenia there was no other significant medical history. Postpartum she complained of chest pain and headache associated with hypertension. She had a normal Glasgow Coma Scale and no neurological signs. Investigations revealed that she had developed pre-eclampsia and imaging identified an ICH. She recovered well with no long-term neurological sequelae. Case B is a 31-year-old lady of African ethnicity who developed an intracranial haemorrhage with subsequent ongoing neurological deficits. Her pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes requiring metformin. She had an uneventful vaginal delivery but developed significant headache, altered level of consciousness and raised blood pressure within hours of delivery. She was admitted to the intensive care unit and eventually transferred to a tertiary hospital for treatment and rehabilitation. No underlying pathology was detected in her case, making it an idiopathic ICH. Conclusion Based on these two cases it is understood that ICH can have different outcomes irrespective of their antepartum risk factors. Though these two patients have recovered reasonably well, ICH accounts for a substantial proportion of pregnancy-related mortality. Haemorrhagic stroke symptoms often develop suddenly, without warning. For these reasons, identifying these lifethreatening cases is absolutely crucial in our practice. Headache after a delivery might not be just a simple headache, but could represent a much more sinister pathology. There is a general tendency for delayed diagnosis of uncommon but serious conditions during pregnancy because of a reluctance to perform imaging studies and to dismiss common symptoms. Strict monitoring and observations during and post delivery should be undertaken so that these diagnoses can be picked up early and treated immediately to reduce disability and death.
A rare case of Staphylococcus lugdunensis endocarditis in pregnancy: A case report and review of literature; Background Infective endocarditis is very rare in pregnancy and related case reports are scarce. It is known to cause significant fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality. We present an interesting case of clinically significant bacteraemia (defined as positive blood cultures and systemic inflammatory response syndrome without an alternative explanation) in a pregnant woman. Case This 28-year-old patient presented at 28 weeks and 4 days of gestation as feeling unwell with 5 days history of fever, chills and nausea. This was her second pregnancy and was a twin gestation complicated by gestational diabetes on treatment. Routine analysis revealed raised C-reactive protein (CRP) and mildly deranged liver enzymes. Her urine analysis and chest X-ray were normal. She was commenced on oral antibiotics and discharged home. She presented a couple of days later with persistent symptoms and was admitted for further evaluation. Her blood cultures revealed clusters of Gram-negative cocci, confirmed as Staphylococcus lugdunensis. Her liver functions remained stable but her CRP was rising. She was started on intravenous cefotaxime to which she did not respond. There was no identifiable source of infection. In view of her worsening condition, the Infectious medicine Consultant was involved who requested trans-oesophageal echocardiogram. This confirmed infective endocarditis as seen by a large vegetation on the tricuspid valve and moderate tricuspid regurgitation. Her antibiotics were changed to vancomycin and she had an emergency caesarean section for premature rupture of membranes. Her postoperative period was uneventful and she was transferred to the cardiac unit for surgical intervention. She had a valve repair and replacement and was advised to continue intravenous vancomycin for another 6 weeks. Conclusion Staphylococcus lugdunensis causes a rare but destructive form of infective endocarditis that can involve structurally normal native valves. It is more aggressive than other coagulase-negative staphylococci and despite being sensitive to many antibiotics, it carries a high mortality rate compared with other staphylococci. Isolation of this organism should not be considered as a contaminant, instead there should be a low threshold for evaluation to rule out infective endocarditis. Hence it is imperative that this infection is familiar to physicians to avoid delay in diagnosis of a serious underlying pathology.
Maternal outcomes associated with early preterm cesarean delivery; Background Data on complications associated with classic cesarean delivery are conflicting. In extremely preterm cesarean delivery (22 0/7-27 6/7 weeks’ gestation), the lower uterine segment is thicker. It is plausible that the rates of maternal complications may not differ between classic and low transverse cesarean. Objective We sought to compare maternal outcomes associated with classic versus low transverse cesarean after stratifying by gestation (23 0/7-27 6/7 and 28 0/7-31 6/7 weeks’ gestation). Study Design We conducted a multihospital retrospective cohort study of women undergoing cesarean delivery at 23 0/7 to 31 6/7 weeks’ gestation from 2005 through 2014. Composite maternal outcome (postpartum hemorrhage, transfusion, endometritis, sepsis, wound infection, deep venous thrombosis/pulmonary embolism, hysterectomy, respiratory complications, and intensive care unit admission) was compared between classic and low transverse cesarean. Outcomes were calculated using multivariable logistic regression models yielding adjusted odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals and adjusted P values controlling for maternal characteristics, emergency cesarean delivery, and comorbidities. Analyses were stratified by gestational age categories (23 0/7-27 6/7 and 28 0/7-31 6/7 weeks’ gestation). Results Of 902 women, 221 (64%) and 91 (16%) underwent classic cesarean between 23 0/7 and 27 6/7 and between 28 0/7 and 31 6/7 weeks’ gestation, respectively. There was no increase in maternal complications for classic cesarean versus low transverse cesarean between 23 0/7 and 27 6/7 weeks’ gestation. However, between 28 0/7 and 31 6/7 weeks’ gestation, classic cesarean was associated with increased risks of the composite maternal outcome (adjusted odds ratio, 1.95; 95% confidence interval, 1.10–3.45), transfusion (adjusted odds ratio, 2.42; 95% confidence interval, 1.06–5.52), endometritis (adjusted odds ratio, 3.23; 95% confidence interval, 1.02–10.21), and intensive care unit admission (adjusted odds ratio, 5.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.37–18.52) compared to low transverse cesarean. Conclusion Classic cesarean delivery compared with low transverse was associated with higher maternal complication rates between 28 0/7 and 31 6/7 weeks, but not between 23 0/7 and 27 6/7 weeks’ gestation.
Preterm delivery is associated with maternal cardiovascular risk factors; Background: Women with a history of delivering a child preterm have a higher risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). We sought to evaluate whether these women are also at higher risk of developing CVD risk factors after adjustment for multiple pre-pregnancy risk factors. Methods: We examined the association between preterm delivery (<37 weeks) and development of subsequent chronic hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) among 59,315 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. We restricted our study population to parous women who did not experience gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder in their first pregnancy and were free of CVD risk factors of interest and events at baseline. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for the associations between preterm delivery in first pregnancy and each CVD risk factor. We additionally investigated the association between preterm delivery over a woman's entire reproductive history and CVD risk factors. Results: Compared to women who delivered their first pregnancy at term, preterm delivery was associated with HRs of 1.13 (95% CI: 1.07, 1.19) for chronic hypertension, 1.06 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.11) for hypercholesterolemia, and 1.21 (95% CI 1.08, 1.35) for T2DM, after adjusting for age, race/ethnicity, parental education, and other pre-pregnancy risk factors (e.g., BMI, smoking, family history of chronic hypertension and T2DM). These associations were stronger in the very preterm group (<32 weeks) than in the moderate preterm group (≥32 to <37 weeks). The risk was highest in the first 10 years after a preterm first birth with HRs of 1.45 (95% CI: 1.23, 1.71) for chronic hypertension, 1.13 (95% CI: 1.02, 1.25) for hypercholesterolemia, and 2.14 (95% CI: 1.33, 3.45) for T2DM. When investigating a woman's entire reproductive history, we found that, compared to women with at least two births all of which were at term, women with a preterm first birth were at increased risk of chronic hypertension regardless of the gestation lengths of future pregnancies, while women with a preterm first birth and no future births had the highest risk of T2DM. Conclusions: Women with a history of preterm delivery have higher risk of developing chronic hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and T2DM after pregnancy. These results suggest potential benefits of including preterm delivery in CVD risk scores and screening.
Patterns of physical activity across pregnancy and their association with adverse pregnancy outcomes; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading cause of death among women, and pregnancy complications reveal risk decades before overt CVD. While physical activity is related to CVD, less is known about how the activity patterns during pregnancy may contribute to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Hypothesis: Increasing activity across pregnancy is related to reduced risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: Nulliparous women were enrolled at 8 centers early in pregnancy (n=10,020). Frequency and duration of up to three leisure activities reported in the first, second and third trimester were analyzed as metabolic equivalents (METs). Growth mixture modeling was used to identify activity patterns in pregnancy. Adverse outcomes (preterm birth [PTB], hypertensive disease of pregnancy [HDP], and gestational diabetes [GDM]) were collected by chart abstraction. Results: Four patterns of activity across pregnancy were identified: sustained high (3%, n=297); increasing (12%, n=1231); sustained low (77%, n=7717); and decreasing (8%, n=775; Figure). Women with sustained low activity were younger and more likely to be black or Hispanic, obese, or to have smoked prior to pregnancy when compared to those with increasing activity. Women with sustained low vs. increasing activity had higher rates of PTB (9.2 vs. 6.2%), HDP (13.8 vs. 10.5%), and GDM (4.7 vs. 2.5%; all p <0.01). After adjusting for maternal factors (age, race/ethnicity, BMI and smoking), the risk of GDM remained higher in women with sustained low activity compared with those having increasing activity patterns (adjusted OR 1.79 [1.21, 2.66]). Sustained low activity was also associated with higher risk of PTB (adjusted OR 1.36 [1.05, 1.76]). Conclusion: The majority of women have sustained low activity across pregnancy, and this is independently associated with higher risks of GDM and PTB. These associations raise the possibility that increased activity during pregnancy may improve pregnancy outcomes, and perhaps long-term maternal cardiovascular health.
Wide state-by-state variation in maternal mortality and chronic diseases that contribute to pregnancy complications; Background: Among developed countries, the United States has the highest maternal mortality rate. Between 1987 and 2011, the US maternal mortality rate more than doubled from 7.2 to 17.8 deaths per 100,000 live births. More than 1,300 pregnancy-related deaths occurred in the United States in 2011-2012. Additionally, an increasing number of women have chronic health conditions, such as hypertension, diabetes, and chronic heart disease, that increase their risk of pregnancy complications, including maternal mortality. Reducing the prevalence of these diseases may be an important step toward reducing maternal mortality. To examine the current state of maternal mortality and chronic diseases in the United States, the geographical variation of these factors was examined. Methodology: State-level prevalence estimates were calculated for diabetes, heart disease, and hypertension awareness among women of reproductive age (18 to 44 years) using data from the 2013-2014 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. State-level maternal mortality rates were calculated using CDC's 2010-2014 National Vital Statistics System. Maternal mortality was defined as the number of deaths from any cause related to or aggravated by pregnancy or its management (excluding accidental or incidental causes) during pregnancy and childbirth or within 42 days of termination of pregnancy, irrespective of the duration and site of the pregnancy, per 100,000 live births. Results: The maternal mortality rate is 6.8 times higher in Georgia (39.3 deaths per 100,000 live births) than in Massachusetts (5.8 deaths per 100,000 live births). Nationally, there are an estimated 19.9 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births. The prevalence of chronic diseases that increase risk of pregnancy complications also vary by state. For example, diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) ranges from a low of 1.9% of women aged 18 to 44 in Alaska, Minnesota, and Wisconsin to a high of 4.8% in Alabama. Nationally, an estimated 3.1% of women aged 18 to 44 have been told by a doctor that they have diabetes. Conclusion: The prevalence of chronic diseases in women of reproductive age vary based on state of residence, as does the maternal mortality rate. Raising awareness about the variation in these measures is an important step toward identifying what strategies are being utilized in states with a low prevalence of diabetes, heart disease, and hypertension, and determining how their public health efforts may help those states facing challenges in these areas.
Being born small for gestational age and later cardiac structure and function in adolescence; Background: Evidence suggests that impaired fetal growth is associated with increased risks of ischemic heart disease, atrial fibrillation, and stroke. Less is known about the potential association between low birth weight (small for gestational age; SGA) and cardiac structure and function later in life. Methods: 1,592 participants (54% females) from a UK birth cohort were examined with echocardiography at mean age 17.7 years (SD 0.3). Using regression models we investigated the association between being born SGA and adolescent cardiac structure and function; left ventricular mass indexed to height 2.7 (LVMI), relative wall thickness (RWT), left atrial size indexed to height2.7, ejection fraction, s', and E/e'. Birth weight Z-score (by gestational week and sex) was defined according to an external reference based on UK data from the same time period as the births of the participants. SGA was defined as Z-score ≤5th percentile. Birth weight was also analyzed using linear splines with predefined knots at the 5th, 50th and 95th percentile to allow for potential non-linearity in associations. Main models were adjusted for age, sex and several maternal factors: height, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes, gestational week at birth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, smoking, and education. Results: Adolescents born SGA had smaller LVMI (-2.12 g/m2.7; 95% Confidence Interval (CI)-3.69 to-0.55). SGA was also associated with greater mean ejection fraction (2.24, 95% CI 0.62 to 3.87) compared to non-SGA adolescents. In the linear spline analyses, we observed a positive increase in LVMI per one unit increase in birth weight Z-score among those born SGA (3.56 g/m2.7, 95% CI 0.95 to 6.17) and a negative change of slope in the next interval (birth weight between 5th and 50th percentile, p=0.02). There was no support for any associations between SGA, including the spline analyses, and the other outcomes (RWT, left atrial size indexed to height2.7, s', and E/e'). The association between SGA and left ventricular mass was evident also without indexing for body size, and when indexing by body surface area or (height in m)1.6. Conclusion: Being born SGA appears to be associated with certain aspects of cardiac structure and function in adolescence, which later in life predict the development of clinical heart disease. Smaller left ventricular mass in adolescence might predispose those born SGA to be more susceptible to adverse cardiac remodeling later in life.
Preventing stroke and assessing risk in women; Ischaemic stroke is rare in premenopausal women but risk increases with advancing age and doubles in the ten years following the menopause. Up to the age of 75 years men have a 25% higher risk of suffering a stroke compared with women. However, the increased life expectancy of women ultimately results in a higher overall incidence. Twice as many women die from stroke compare with breast cancer. Women with cerebrovascular disease are more likely to present with atypical symptoms than men. Altered mental status (including unresponsiveness, confusion and behavioural change) is the most common nonconventional symptom, and is reported by 23% of women compared with 15% of men. Other nonconventional symptoms reported more commonly by women include face or hemibody pain, lightheadedness and headache. Atrial fibrillation (AF) and hypertension, although less common than in men, are more potent risk factors for stroke in women. Compared with men with AF, women with AF are at increased risk of ischaemic stroke (6.2% versus 4.2% per year). This increased risk persists in anticoagulated patients with a relative risk ratio of 2.0. Pregnancy is a unique risk factor for stroke in women. The risk is highest in the third trimester and peripartum period. Women with hypertension in pregnancy, whether secondary to pre-existing disease, preeclampsia or eclampsia have a six-to nine-fold increased risk of stroke compared with normotensive women. Preeclampsia doubles the risk of stroke in later life. Gestational diabetes is also associated with higher risk of stroke extending beyond childbearing years.
Adverse Perinatal Outcomes and Postpartum Multi-Systemic Dysregulation: Adding Vitamin D Deficiency to the Allostatic Load Index; Background Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological "wear-and-tear," operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes and additional AL biomarkers for the study of maternal health would be valuable. Objectives To test whether adverse perinatal outcomes are associated with postpartum AL and if including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH)D < 20 ng/ml) as an additional marker of postpartum AL increases the association. Methods The Community Child Health Network is a community-based participatory research network that enrolled women at birth and followed them for 2 years measuring ten biomarkers (body mass index, waist: hip ratio, pulse, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, cortisol slope, c-reactive protein, hgbA1c, HDL, and total cholesterol) at 6 and 12 months postpartum. A composite of four adverse perinatal outcomes (low birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes) was collected from medical charts in a sample of 164 women from one site and serum 25(OH)D status was measured 24-39 weeks postpartum in this cohort. Results Twenty-nine percent experienced one or more of the four adverse perinatal outcomes. Serum 25(OH)D was significantly inversely correlated with the AL index (Spearman's r = -0.247, p = 0.002). Logistic regression results adjusting for maternal age and race showed that adverse outcome was significantly associated with higher postpartum AL (OR 1.53 for a 1-unit increase in AL, 95% CI 1.24-1.89). Adding 25(OH)D deficiency as an 11th component to the AL index improved the model fit (Delta (-2LogL) = 3.955, p = 0.047), and improved the Akaike information criterion (180.32 vs. 184.27). Conclusion Women with adverse perinatal outcomes have higher postpartum AL and adding vitamin D deficiency to the AL index strengthens this association.
Outcome of preterm infants born to overweight and obese mothers†; Objectives: To evaluate perinatal morbidity and mortality among preterm neonates who were born to overweight and obese mothers compared to preterm neonates who were born to mothers with normal pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI). Methods: Retrospective recordings of medical charts of 110 preterm infants born to overweight (n = 68) and obese (n = 42) mothers at gestational age (GA) 28–34 weeks, as well as 110 controls matched for GA and birth weight. All infants were born at the Sheba Medical Center between 2007 and 2014. Data regarding maternal pre-pregnancy weight and height were recorded, as well as maternal and neonatal complications and feeding methods. Results: Obese mothers had more pregnancy-induced hypertension (52.4% versus 21.4%, p = 0.006) and caesarean section deliveries (81% versus 52.4%, p = 0.018). Overweight mothers had more gestational diabetes (20.6% versus 2.9%, p = 0.001). The study and control groups were similar on all neonatal outcome parameters. No differences between the groups were recorded throughout hospitalization with respect to Apgar score, respiratory distress and support, hypotension, cardiac manifestations, brain pathologies, infection, feeding type and total hospitalization days. Conclusions: Although the maternal complications are greater among obese and overweight women, it seems that preterm infants born to these women are not at increased risk for neonatal complications.
Role of prediabetes in stroke; Stroke is one of the leading causes of death and probably the greatest cause of adult disability worldwide. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a state of accelerated aging of blood vessels. Patients with diabetes have increased risk of stroke. Hyperglycemia represents a risk factor for poor outcome following stroke, and probably is just a marker of poor outcome rather than a cause. Lowering of blood glucose levels has not been shown to improve prognosis. Also, prevention of stroke risk among patients with DM is not improved with therapy for reduction of glucose levels. On the other hand, prediabetes, a metabolic state between normal glucose metabolism and diabetes, is a risk factor for the development of DM type 2 and subsequently for stroke. Several methods are known to identify prediabetes patients, including fasting plasma glucose levels, 2-hour post load glucose levels, and glycosylated hemoglobin levels. In this text, we tried to summarize known data about diagnosis, epidemiology, risk factors, pathophysiology, and prevention of prediabetes in relation to DM and stroke.
Dysregulation of 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenases: implications during pregnancy and beyond; Glucococorticoids play a critical role in the developmental programing and fetal growth. Key molecules mediating and regulating tissue-specific glucocorticoid actions are 11beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (11beta-HSD) type 1 and 2 isozymes, both of which are expressed in the placenta and the fetal membranes. 11beta-HSD1 is implicated in the pathogenesis of metabolic syndrome and its dysregulation has been observed in pregnancy-related complications (pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction). Interestingly, preliminary clinical data have associated certain 11beta-HSD1 gene polymorphisms with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, suggesting, if confirmed by further targeted studies, it’s potential as a putative prognostic marker. Animal studies and observations in humans have confirmed that 11beta-HSD2 insufficiency is related with pregnancy adversity (pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm birth). Importantly, down-regulation or deficiency of placental 11beta-HSD2 is associated with significant restriction in fetal growth and low-birth weight, and unfavorable cardio-metabolic profile in adulthood. The potential association of 11beta-HSD1 tissue-specific dysregulation with gestational diabetes, as well as the plausible utility of 11beta-HSD2, as a biomarker of pregnancy adversity and later life morbidity, are emerging areas of intense scientific interest and future investigation.
A review of the safety of clozapine during pregnancy and lactation; Clozapine is an antipsychotic used in the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, little is known about clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation, or its impact on the mother, foetus, and infant. This review aims to summarize the available literature on the safety of clozapine use during the perinatal period. EMBASE, PsycINFO, and MEDLINE were searched from their inceptions through June 2016. The review encompasses 21 studies that have examined clozapine use during pregnancy and lactation. The limited available data do not support an increased risk of congenital malformations in foetuses exposed to clozapine during pregnancy, though rates of gestational diabetes are twice as high in pregnant women using clozapine. Clozapine accumulation in foetal serum possibly contributes to increased rates of floppy infant syndrome at delivery, decreased foetal heart rate variability, and seizures in infancy. Clozapine crosses the placenta and also accumulates in breast milk, which may increase the risk of agranulocytosis in infants and may necessitate infant testing. The majority of these data come from case reports and case series, making it unclear if the published risks associated with clozapine are due to mental illness, lifestyle factors, or co-treatment with other psychotropic medications. While the available literature on clozapine use during the perinatal period is very limited, the risks of clozapine use during pregnancy and the postpartum period should be discussed with women and weighed against those associated with other treatments and partially or untreated schizophrenia.
Urological Findings in Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome With Chromosomal Duplications of 11p15.5: Evaluation and Management; Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome (BWS) is an overgrowth disorder with various congenital anomalies. Although the most classic constellation includes macrosomia, macroglossia, and omphalocele, nephrourological findings are commonly associated with BWS. Clinical presentation is highly variable because of its complex molecular heterogeneity, which involves changes in DNA methylation and disruption of growth regulatory genes. We report 3 pediatric patients, ages 13 months to 3 years old, who presented with clinical features consistent with BWS. A variety of nephrourological abnormalities were also noted, including posterior urethral valves, hydroureteronephrosis, and undescended testes. Genetic testing for all 3 patients revealed duplication of the region chromosome 11p15.5.
Obstetric care for women with thalassemia; Thalassemia is the commonest monogenic disease and manifests as severe anemia. It is increasingly encountered outside the Mediterranean region, Africa, Middle East, and Southeast Asia because of immigration. Pregnancy, previously uncommon in patients with homozygous β-thalassemia, is encountered increasingly because of improved management and assisted reproduction technology; however, preconceptional problems that include anemia, iron overload, cardiac dysfunction, thromboembolism, alloimmunization, infections, and endocrine and bone disorders, could influence maternal and obstetric outcome. Although, successful pregnancy in thalassemia trait carriers and women with hemoglobin H disease is more common, there is still increased risk of obstetric and perinatal complications. Prenatal diagnosis to exclude fetal homozygous thalassemia and other congenital anomalies, together with close monitoring of the pregnancy, would optimize outcome. Further research is warranted to elucidate the fetal safety of iron chelation therapy and potential effect of pregnancy on long-term maternal health outcome, especially following occurrence of maternal complications.
Distribution and potential significance of intravillous and intrafibrinous particulate microcalcification; Radiologic studies indicate that placental calcifications seen at 28–32 weeks' gestation are associated with adverse fetal outcome. One type of placental calcification is typically located at the basement membrane of chorionic villi. It has a fine particulate appearance and can only be seen microscopically. We have designated these calcifications as Intravillous and Intrafibrinous Particulate MicroCalcification (IPMC). In this study we examined the distribution and potential significance of IPMC. Placentas from 14 groups of fetal and maternal outcomes are examined histologically for IPMC. These groups were preterm birth, post term birth, intrauterine fetal demise, fetuses with non-reassuring heart rates, intrauterine growth restriction, fetal anomalies, mothers with gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, pre-eclampsia and placentas of normal spontaneous vaginal births and placentas with chorioamnionitis, chronic villitis and infarcts. We observed fine dust-like particulates deposited in continuous and discrete patches. The particulates were predominantly located in the basement membranes of fibrotic chorionic villi and in perivillous fibrin. Compared to placentas without adverse outcomes, a higher incidence of IPMC was seen in intrauterine fetal demise cases and in cases with infarcts which suggests that hypoxia played a role in the etiology of IPMC.
Metformin; a review of its history and future: from lilac to longevity; Metformin is a widely prescribed medication that has been used to treat children with type 2 diabetes in the United States for the past 15 years. Metformin now has a variety of clinical applications in pediatrics, and its potential clinical uses continue to expand. In addition to reviewing the current understanding of its mechanisms of action including the newly discovered effects on the gastrointestinal tract, we will also discuss current clinical uses in pediatrics, including in type 1 diabetes. Finally, we examine the existing state of monitoring for metformin efficacy and side effects and discuss prospective future clinical uses.
Heart Disease, Hypertension, Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, and Preeclampsia/Eclampsia in Mothers With Juvenile Arthritis: A Nested Case–Control Study; Objective: To determine whether women with a history of juvenile arthritis are at higher risk for heart disease and hypertension and for developing adverse maternal outcomes: gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal hypertension, and preeclampsia/eclampsia. Methods: We designed a nested case–control study from a cohort of first-time mothers with prior physician billing codes suggesting juvenile arthritis, and a matched comparison group without juvenile arthritis. For the nested case–control design, we selected 3 controls for each case for the outcomes of heart disease (n = 403), prepregnancy hypertension (n = 66), gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 285), maternal hypertension (n = 561), and preeclampsia/eclampsia (n = 236). We used conditional logistic regression, adjusting for maternal age and education. Results: Having juvenile arthritis was associated with heart disease (odds ratio [OR] 2.44 [95% confidence interval (95% CI) 1.15–5.15]) but not with gestational hypertension, diabetes mellitus, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. All 66 cases of prepregnancy hypertension had juvenile arthritis. Having prepregnancy hypertension was strongly associated with preeclampsia/eclampsia (OR 8.05 [95% CI 2.69–24.07]). Conclusion: Women with a history of juvenile arthritis had a higher risk of heart disease. This risk signals the potential importance of cardiac prevention strategies in juvenile arthritis. As this was a retrospective study, it was not possible to correct for some relevant potential confounders. Further studies should assess the impact of medications, disease severity, and other factors (e.g., obesity) on cardiac outcomes in juvenile arthritis.
Postpartum recovery trends in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Objective: To examine the association of the patient's obstetric profile and time to normalization of blood pressure in the postnatal period among women with hypertensive disorders in pregnancy. Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study at a tertiary level hospital between November 2014 and May 2015. Women with pregnancy hypertension who required antihypertensive treatment were recruited after delivery. The normalization trends in blood pressure were tested for associations with patient demographic data and details of pregnancy hypertension. Results: Among 109 women included in the study, earlier gestational age at onset of hypertension and earlier gestational age at delivery was correlated with slower resolution of hypertension. Time to resolution also was correlated with age, BMI, severity of hypertension, associated complications, and the number of antihypertensive medications received. There was no correlation with highest recorded systolic or diastolic blood pressures. Only 15% of women with gestational hypertension had persistent hypertension beyond 6 weeks. In the groups with nonsevere preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, and eclampsia, blood pressure remained high after 6 weeks in 26%, 14%, and 50% of women, respectively. Conclusion: Women with advanced age, higher body mass index, early gestational age at the onset of hypertension, severe hypertension and who had complications of hypertension require prolonged monitoring and treatment when indicated for hypertension in postnatal period.
A brief history of gestational diabetes mellitus, risk factors and current criteria of diagnosis; Diabetes is one of the most common metabolic disorders that may cause pathological pregnancy. Treating diabetes recognized during pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, delivery with cesarean sections, high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, after delivery they present higher risk of developing neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and respiratory distress syndrome. There is still no consensus in the recommendations for the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus by expert committees.
Preeclampsia and future cardiovascular health; Background - Preeclampsia is a pregnancy-specific disorder resulting in hypertension and multiorgan dysfunction. There is growing evidence that these effects persist after pregnancy. We aimed to systematically evaluate and quantify the evidence on the relationship between preeclampsia and the future risk of cardiovascular diseases. Methods and Results - We studied the future risk of heart failure, coronary heart disease, composite cardiovascular disease, death because of coronary heart or cardiovascular disease, stroke, and stroke death after preeclampsia. A systematic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE was performed to identify relevant studies. We used random-effects meta-analysis to determine the risk. Twenty-two studies were identified with >6.4 million women including >258 000 women with preeclampsia. Meta-analysis of studies that adjusted for potential confounders demonstrated that preeclampsia was independently associated with an increased risk of future heart failure (risk ratio [RR], 4.19; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.09-8.38), coronary heart disease (RR, 2.50; 95% CI, 1.43-4.37), cardiovascular disease death (RR, 2.21; 95% CI, 1.83-2.66), and stroke (RR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.29-2.55). Sensitivity analyses showed that preeclampsia continued to be associated with an increased risk of future coronary heart disease, heart failure, and stroke after adjusting for age (RR, 3.89; 95% CI, 1.83-8.26), body mass index (RR, 3.16; 95% CI, 1.41-7.07), and diabetes mellitus (RR, 4.19; 95% CI, 2.09-8.38). Conclusions - Preeclampsia is associated with a 4-fold increase in future incident heart failure and a 2-fold increased risk in coronary heart disease, stroke, and death because of coronary heart or cardiovascular disease. Our study highlights the importance of lifelong monitoring of cardiovascular risk factors in women with a history of preeclampsia.
Excessive placental macrocalcifications: Role in pregnancy outcome; Background: Placental macrocalcifications are often found in term pregnancy and considered as a physiological aging process. The possible association of excessive placental macrocalcifications and adverse pregnancy outcome is unclear. Design: A total of 272 placentas were studied from the following clinical and histopathological diagnosis: pre-term birth, post-term birth, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), placental abruption (PA), pre-eclampsia (PE), intrauterine fetal demise (IUFD), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), acute chorioamnionitis (AC), fetal anomalies (FA), chronic villitis (CV), non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and placental infarct (PI). The control group includes 17 placentas from normal spontaneous vaginal delivery (NSVD). The hematoxylin and eosin (H&E) slides were retrieved from pathology department database at our institution between January 2014 and December 2015 and were evaluated by the authors for the presence of excessive placental macrocalcifications (EPMAC). The correspondent maternal clinical history and fetal outcome were obtained from an electronic medical record and reviewed. The results were correlated with clinicopathological features and fetal outcome. Results: A total of 272 placentas were studied. EPMAC were observed in categories of placental infarct (25%), non-reassuring fetal heart rate (22.2%), fetal anomalies (10%), and post-date pregnancies (9.5%). In the categories of preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus and intrauterine growth restriction, EPMAC were found in approximately 5% of cases. The remaining categories demonstrate an absence of EPMAC. Conclusions: Calcification of the placenta is a common finding and observed in all groups. EPMAC is most commonly observed in placentas with infarct (25%) and nonreassuring fetal heart rate (22.2%). EPMAC are indicative of a high-risk pregnancies. Additional studies are warranted for further investigation of the clinical significance of excessive placental macrocalcifications. (Figure Presented).
Risks factors of cesarean delivery after 3 hours of delayed pushing; Objectives Identify the factors associated with caesarean delivery for unengaged fetal head beyond 3 hours of passive second stage of labor, among primiparous patients. Methods A case-control study conducted in level III universitary center between October 2012 and September 2015. Only primiparous at term, with a singleton, cephalic fetus and a passive second stage of labor prolonged over 3 hours before pushing were included. During the second stage of labor, patients who had caesarean for abnormal fetal heart rate were excluded. Risk factors of cesarean were analyzed with univariate analysis and after statistical adjustment using multivariate logistic regression. Results The mean passive second stage duration was significantly longer among patients who had a caesarean (3 h 37 ± 21 min vs 3 h 13 ± 19 min [P = 0,0001]). After multivariate logistic regression, factors associated with a risk of caesarean were body mass index higher than 30 kg/m2 (OR = 25.9 [3.1–215.9]). fetal macrosomia suspected by 3rd trimester ultrasound (OR = 4.4 [1.2–16.4]), induction by prostaglandins (OR = 5.7 [2.1–15.5]), a stagnation of cervical dilatation during the 1st stage (OR = [1.3–6.8]), and fetal occiput posterior position beyond 3 hours (OR = 30.7 [3.3–280.9]). Conclusions Risk of caesarean delivery for unengaged fetal head beyond 3 hours of passive second stage of labor is associated with maternal, fetal and obstetrical factors. Those factors might be taken into account before accept or not a 3rd hour at full cervical dilation.
Effect of physical activity intervention on overall physical ftness in women with and without Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome (PCOS); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. It is associated with increased risk of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease, gestational diabetes and endometrial cancer. Physical activity/exercise intervention is the frst line approach to manage PCOS. The present study evaluated the effect of a physical activity intervention on outcome of PCOS and physical ftness in women with and without PCOS. The study participants comprised of 24 young women aged 20-30y. These women were divided in three groups-Control group-1(n=8, women without PCOS with exercise intervention), Control group-2(n=8 women with PCOS without exercise intervention) and Experimental group (n=8 women with PCOS with exercise intervention). Exercise intervention was given for 8 weeks to Control group 1 and Experimental group. The exercise included 30min of brisk walking, 10-15min of stretching and muscular related activities 5 days in a week. Dietary nutrient intake (3days recall), body fat (4 site-skin fold; Durnin Womersely equation), body circumferences (waist, hip, thigh, calf), Hemoglobin and physical ftness assessment (Bruce protocol, muscular strength and endurance and fexibility) was done at baseline, 4 weeks and 8 weeks. The data were analyzed using SPSS version 16, with paired t test, ANOVA and Pearson's correlation. Exercise intervention improved body composition in Control 1 and Experimental group in terms of waist circumference (p<0.01) and percent body fat, but weight loss was not noticeable. Both these groups showed improvement in aerobic capacity (VO2max 32±9 to 36±6 ml/Kg/min) (p<0.01), muscular endurance (p<0.05) and fexibility, with greater improvements in Experiment Group (p<0.01). Exercise also improved the overall condition of women with PCOS. In conclusion, exercise intervention for 8 weeks improved the overall ftness of women with and without PCOS and also had a positive impact on PCOS condition.
Outcome of pregnancies and deliveries before and after ischemic stroke? a retrospective matched cohort study; Introduction: Limited data exist on the outcome of pregnancies and deliveries among young women with ischemic stroke. Hypothesis: The incidence of pregnancy? and delivery-related complications in women who will suffer or have suffered an ischemic stroke differs from stroke-free controls. Methods: We included young female patients admitted for an ischemic stroke to the Department of Neurology, Helsinki University Central Hospital 1994-2007, with pregnancy data before or after stroke recorded in the Medical birth Register (MBR) (n=154), and their stroke-free controls matched with age, parity, year of birth, residential area, and multiple pregnancies (n=616). We obtained data 1987-2014 on pregnancies from the MBR, all-cause hospitalizations from the Hospital Discharge Register, and causes of deaths from Statistics Finland. We used Poisson regression mixed models to compare the incidence of pregnancy? and delivery-related complications over time both before and after stroke. Results: Among a total of 1400 singleton pregnancies and deliveries, the incidence rate ratio (IRR) for the composite outcome, including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, small for gestational age, low birth weight, preterm birth, placental abruption, gestational diabetes, hospital care during pregnancy, death of the mother during pregnancy or puerperium, stillbirth, early neonatal death, Apgar at 1 minute 6 or less, and if the child was not at home at 7 days from the delivery, was 1.29 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.00-1.65) for the mother with an impending stroke, or a history of stroke, or both, compared with the matched control mother. Similar results were obtained if the data were restricted to those women who became pregnant before or after stroke (IRR 1.25 and IRR 1.34, respectively). When adjusted for smoking and socioeconomic status, the IRR for the composite outcome was 1.31 (95% CI 0.99-1.73). Conclusions: There was a slight increase in the incidence of pregnancy? and delivery-related complications over time for mothers with an impending stroke, or a history of stroke, or both, compared with stroke-free mothers.
Abnormal muscularization of intra-acinar pulmonary arteries in two cases presenting as sudden infant death; Abnormal muscularization of acinar arteries is the hallmark of persistent pulmonary hypertension of newborn (PPHN), an uncommon disease with high rate of morbidity and mortality. PPHN presents with signs of respiratory distress immediately following birth. We herein report 2 cases presenting as a witnessed sudden unexpected death in the late neonatal period, preceded by respiratory deterioration and in whom the presence of abnormal muscularization of the acinar pulmonary arteries was reminiscent of PPHN. The significance of this report is twofold: to increase the awareness among pediatricians and pathologists of this feature that can present in some cases of Sudden Unexpected Death in Infancy/Sudden Infant Death Syndrome, and to highlight the importance of performing a thorough autopsy in order to identify the abnormality.
Maternal exosomes in diabetes contribute to the cardiac development deficiency; Maternal diabetes mellitus induces an increased risk of congenital heart defects (CHD), however, the exact mechanisms are still not fully illustrated. In this study, diabetic pregnant C57BL/6 mice were induced by injection of streptozotocin before mating. Compared with the control normal mice, diabetic pregnant mice displayed significant changes of the exosomal miRNA contents in the blood, as revealed by RNA-seq analysis. Multiple of these miRNAs were found involved in cardiac development regulation. Moreover, fluorescence labeled exosomes and gold nanoparticles could cross the placenta barrier and infiltrated into the embryonic organs/tissues, including the heart, during embryonic development. Injection of diabetic maternal exosomes strikingly increased the risk of CHD in the normal recipient pregnant mice. Taken together, we could draw the conclusion that maternal exosomes in diabetes could cross the maternal-fetal barrier and contribute to the cardiac development deficiency possibly via miRNAs, providing new insights in CHD prevention and treatment.
Maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro trigger Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis through FoxO3a; Recent controversies surrounding the authenticity of c-kit+ cardiac progenitor cells significantly push back the advance in regenerative therapies for cardiovascular diseases. There is an urgent need for research in characterizing alternative types of cardiac progenitor cells. Towards this goal, in the present study, we determined the effect of maternal diabetes on Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cells. Maternal diabetes induced caspase 3-dependent apoptosis in Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cells derived from embryonic day 17.5 (E17.5). Similarly, high glucose in vitro but not the glucose osmotic control mannitol triggered Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Both maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro activated the pro-apoptotic transcription factor, Forkhead O 3a (FoxO3a) via dephosphorylation at threonine 32 (Thr-32) residue. foxo3a gene deletion abolished maternal diabetes-induced Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis. The dominant negative FoxO3a mutant without the transactivation domain from the C terminus blocked high glucose-induced Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cell apoptosis, whereas the constitutively active FoxO3a mutant with the three phosphorylation sites, Thr-32, Ser-253, and Ser-315, being replaced by alanine residues mimicked the pro-apoptotic effect of high glucose. Thus, maternal diabetes and high glucose in vitro may limit the regenerative potential of Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cells by inducing apoptosis through FoxO3a activation. These findings will serve as the guide in optimizing the autologous therapy using Sca1+ cardiac progenitor cells in cardiac defect babies born exposed to maternal diabetes.
Obstetric medicine : The success of a transdisciplinary approach to the maternal health; Obstetric medicine is a specialty that addresses maternal health and medical complications during pregnancy. This emerging specialty responds to the increasing need for specialized intervention in cases of high risk pregnancies, at a time when pregnancies can occur at more advanced ages and where advances in therapeutics now allow to consider pregnancy in mothers with chronic illness. Furthermore, medical conditions specific to pregnancy, such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy or gestational diabetes, are now recognized as emerging risk factors for cardiovascular, metabolic and renal diseases, for which longitudinal care beyond the maternity ward is of critical importance.
Metabolomics and Metabolic Diseases: Where Do We Stand?; Metabolomics, or the comprehensive profiling of small molecule metabolites in cells, tissues, or whole organisms, has undergone a rapid technological evolution in the past two decades. These advances have led to the application of metabolomics to defining predictive biomarkers for incident cardiometabolic diseases and, increasingly, as a blueprint for understanding those diseases’ pathophysiologic mechanisms. Progress in this area and challenges for the future are reviewed here.
Leptin and adiponectin as predictors of cardiovascular risk after gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. Adipokine imbalance in the presence of metabolic dysfunction may be a key event in promoting CVD. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma adiponectin, leptin and the leptin/adiponectin (L/A) ratio in pregnancy and at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting adiponectin and leptin levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: We found the L/A ratio higher in GDM women both during pregnancy and follow-up compared to non-GDM women. A high L/A ratio during pregnancy was associated with CV risk based on lipid ratios at follow-up, especially the TG/HDL-C ratio. Further, interaction analysis indicated that an increase in the L/A ratio of 1 unit was associated with a higher CV risk in GDM compared to normal pregnancy. Finally, low adiponectin levels independently predicted increased lipid ratios at follow-up. Conclusions: Taken together, our findings suggest that high L/A ratio in pregnancy and in particularly in those with GDM are associated with an unfavorable CVD risk profile during follow-up. Future studies should investigate if a dysregulated leptin and adiponectin profile during pregnancy is associated with atherosclerotic disease during long-term follow-up.
Dietary advice interventions in pregnancy for preventing gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a form of diabetes occurring during pregnancy which can result in short- and long-term adverse outcomes for women and babies. With an increasing prevalence worldwide, there is a need to assess strategies, including dietary advice interventions, that might prevent GDM. Objectives: To assess the effects of dietary advice interventions for preventing GDM and associated adverse health outcomes for women and their babies. Search methods: We searched Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth's Trials Register (3 January 2016) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and quasi-RCTs assessing the effects of dietary advice interventions compared with no intervention (standard care), or to different dietary advice interventions. Cluster-RCTs were eligible for inclusion but none were identified. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed study eligibility, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Data were checked for accuracy. The quality of the evidence was assessed using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included 11 trials involving 2786 women and their babies, with an overall unclear to moderate risk of bias. Six trials compared dietary advice interventions with standard care; four compared low glycaemic index (GI) with moderate- to high-GI dietary advice; one compared specific (high-fibre focused) with standard dietary advice. Dietary advice interventions versus standard care (six trials) Considering primary outcomes, a trend towards a reduction in GDM was observed for women receiving dietary advice compared with standard care (average risk ratio (RR) 0.60, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.35 to 1.04; five trials, 1279 women; Tau2 = 0.20; I2 = 56%; P = 0.07; GRADE: very low-quality evidence); subgroup analysis suggested a greater treatment effect for overweight and obese women receiving dietary advice. While no clear difference was observed for pre-eclampsia (RR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.46; two trials, 282 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence) a reduction in pregnancy-induced hypertension was observed for women receiving dietary advice (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.10 to 0.88; two trials, 282 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence). One trial reported on perinatal mortality, and no deaths were observed (GRADE: very low-quality evidence). None of the trials reported on large-for-gestational age or neonatal mortality and morbidity. For secondary outcomes, no clear differences were seen for caesarean section (average RR 0.98, 95% CI 0.78 to 1.24; four trials, 1194 women; Tau2 = 0.02; I2 = 36%; GRADE: low-quality evidence) or perineal trauma (RR 0.83, 95% CI 0.23 to 3.08; one trial, 759 women; GRADE: very low-quality evidence). Women who received dietary advice gained less weight during pregnancy (mean difference (MD) -4.70 kg, 95% CI -8.07 to -1.34; five trials, 1336 women; Tau2 = 13.64; I2 = 96%; GRADE: low-quality evidence); the result should be interpreted with some caution due to considerable heterogeneity. No clear differences were seen for the majority of secondary outcomes reported, including childhood/adulthood adiposity (skin-fold thickness at six months) (MD -0.10 mm, 95% CI -0.71 to 0.51; one trial, 132 children; GRADE: low-quality evidence). Women receiving dietary advice had a lower well-being score between 14 and 28 weeks, more weight loss at three months, and were less likely to have glucose intolerance (one trial). The trials did not report on other secondary outcomes, particularly those related to long-term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. Low-GI dietary advice versus moderate- to high-GI dietary advice (four trials) Considering primary outcomes, no clear differences were shown in the risks of GDM (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.63 to 1.31; four trials, 912 women; GRADE: low-quality evidence) or large-for-gestational age (average RR 0.60, 95% CI 0.19 to 1.86; three trials, 777 babies; Tau2 = 0.61; P = 0.07; I2 = 62%; GRADE: very low-quality evidence) between the low-GI and moderate- to high-GI dietary advice groups. The trials did not report on: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; perinatal mortality; neonatal mortality and morbidity. No clear differences were shown for caesarean birth (RR 1.27, 95% CI 0.79 to 2.04; two trials, 201 women; GRADE: very low-quality evidence) and gestational weight gain (MD -1.23 kg, 95% CI -4.08 to 1.61; four trials, 787 women; Tau2 = 7.31; I2 = 90%; GRADE: very low-quality evidence), or for other reported secondary outcomes. The trials did not report the majority of secondary outcomes including those related to long-term health and health service use and costs. We were not able to assess the following outcomes using GRADE: perineal trauma; postnatal depression; maternal type 2 diabetes; neonatal hypoglycaemia; childhood/adulthood adiposity; type 2 diabetes; and neurosensory disability. High-fibre dietary advice versus standard dietary advice (one trial) The one trial in this comparison reported on two secondary outcomes. No clear difference between the high-fibre and standard dietary advice groups observed for mean blood glucose (following an oral glucose tolerance test at 35 weeks), and birthweight. Authors' conclusions: Very low-quality evidence from five trials suggests a possible reduction in GDM risk for women receiving dietary advice versus standard care, and low-quality evidence from four trials suggests no clear difference for women receiving low- versus moderate- to high-GI dietary advice. A possible reduction in pregnancy-induced hypertension for women receiving dietary advice was observed and no clear differences were seen for other reported primary outcomes. There were few outcome data for secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using GRADE, evidence was considered to be low to very low quality, with downgrading based on study limitations (risk of bias), imprecision, and inconsistency. More high-quality evidence is needed to determine the effects of dietary advice interventions in pregnancy. Future trials should be designed to monitor adherence, women's views and preferences, and powered to evaluate effects on short- and long-term outcomes; there is a need for such trials to collect and report on core outcomes for GDM research. We have identified five ongoing studies and four are awaiting classification. We will consider these in the next review update.
Impairments in microvascular function and skeletal muscle oxygenation in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: links to cardiovascular disease risk factors; Aims/hypothesis: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for the development of endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular disease. However, in vivo microvascular endothelial function in GDM has not been investigated. This study aimed to examine, using near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), whether: (1) there are differences in microvascular reactivity and skeletal muscle oxygen consumption (mV⋅ O 2) at rest and during exercise between GDM and uncomplicated pregnancies; and (2) there is an association of NIRS indices with macrovascular function and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Methods: Twenty-nine pregnant women (13 with GDM and 16 women with uncomplicated pregnancy, 28 ± 2 gestational weeks) underwent arterial stiffness (pulse wave velocity [PWV]) and 24 h ambulatory BP (24 h BP) evaluation. NIRS continuously monitored, non-invasively, changes in muscle oxygenated and deoxygenated haemoglobin and tissue O2 saturation index (TSI, %) during arterial occlusion/reperfusion and intermittent handgrip exercise. mV⋅ O 2 and vascular reactivity indices were calculated. Results: During occlusion and reperfusion, women with GDM exhibited slower TSI response (occlusion slope: −0.06 ± 0.02 vs −0.10 ± 0.04, in GDM and controls, respectively; reperfusion slope: 0.65 ± 0.26 vs 1.05 ± 0.41, respectively), lower mV⋅ O 2 (1.3 ± 1.2 vs 3.8 ± 2.3 μmol l−1 min−1) and blunted hyperaemia (ΔTSI 6.8 ± 2.9 vs 9.5 ± 3.4) compared with controls (p < 0.01). Despite similar handgrip strength in the GDM and control groups (29.1 ± 8.1 vs 26.2 ± 10.4 kg, respectively), during repeated forearm contractions, women with GDM presented a blunted TSI response (6.5 ± 3.9 vs 19.2 ± 10.9; p < 0.01) and a reduced capacity to maintain the predetermined handgrip (23.4 ± 2.9 vs 27.4 ± 3.8%, p < 0.05). NIRS indices correlated with PWV, 24 h BP and blood glucose concentration earlier in pregnancy (r = 0.40–0.60; p < 0.05). Conclusions/interpretation: Women with GDM exhibited a characteristic blunted TSI curve, showing alterations in muscle oxygenation and microvascular responsiveness compared with women with uncomplicated pregnancies. These alterations were manifested during exercise and possibly contribute to the reduced exercise tolerance in GDM. NIRS indices correlated with macrovascular indices (arterial stiffness) and 24 h BP.
Impact of changing indications and increased utilization of fetal echocardiography on prenatal detection of congenital heart disease; Background: Antenatal diagnosis of congenital heart defects (CHD) can impact outcomes in neonates with severe CHD. Obstetric screening guidelines and the indications for fetal echocardiography (FE) have evolved in an attempt to improve the early prenatal detection of CHD. Analyzing yield for specific indications will help clinicians better stratify at-risk pregnancies. Methods: Retrospective cohort study of all FE performed between 2000 and 2010 at a single tertiary care academic medical center in New York City. A total of 9878 FE met inclusion criteria for our study. In cases of multiple gestations (MG), each fetus was counted as a separate study. Results: The number of new diagnosis of fetal CHD by FEs increased 200%. There was a statistically significant increase in those referred for suspected CHD, increased nuchal translucency (NT), MG, and suboptimal imaging (P <.001). The indication of “suboptimal imaging” (SO) not only accounted for 5.23% of all referrals from 2000 to 2002, compared to 22.26% of all referrals from 2008 to 2010 (P <.0001), but also had the lowest yield for diagnoses of CHD (P <.02). Conclusions: Over the past decade, there has been an increase in utilization of FE with a proportional increase in prenatally diagnosed CHD. For indications such as suspected CHD, NT and MG increases in referrals have led to a proportionate increase in fetal diagnosis of CHD. SO as an indication has the lowest yield of fetal diagnosis of CHD. Antenatal detection of CHD may be improved by a change in obstetric imaging protocols to ensure appropriate referrals.
Placental maternal vascular malperfusion and adverse pregnancy outcomes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction Maternal vascular malperfusion (MVM) lesions represent hypoxic-ischemic damage to the placenta, and they are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we set out to characterize the prevalence and clinical correlates of MVM lesions in this cohort. Methods This was a retrospective cohort study of 1187/1374 (86.4%) women with GDM delivered between 2009 and 2012 who had placental pathology available. Placental lesions of all types were tabulated and grouped into constructs of related entities. MVM lesions specifically included villous infarcts, decidual vasculopathy, increased syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. We compared maternal characteristics between women with and without MVM lesions, and we also assessed the impact of these lesions on birth weight, preterm birth, and pre-eclampsia using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results MVM lesions were the most common placental lesion type in women with GDM (n = 362, 30.5%). Excess gestational weight gain was independently associated with MVM lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06–1.91, p = 0.02) after adjusting for maternal characteristics. MVM lesions were associated with lower birth weight (−90.3 g, 95% CI -148.0 to −32.7, p = 0.002), as well as a 2-fold increased risk for delivery of a small for gestational age infant (10.8 vs 5.9%, p = 0.01) in overweight and obese women. MVM lesions were also associated with increased risk for preterm birth <34 weeks (adjusted OR 2.36, 95% CI 1.31–4.23, p = 0.004) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; adjusted OR 1.58, 95% CI 1.13–2.22, p = 0.02). Discussion Placental maternal vascular malperfusion lesions may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM, and future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may explain this association.
Adiponectin – hormone regulating infantile development: current state of knowledge; Adiponectin is a cytokine built with 244 amino acids. It is produced and secreted by adipose tissue. The concentration of this hormone in serum fluctuates from 1 to 30 μg/ml. The main function of this cytokine is the control of metabolism, carbohydrates and lipids. Women have higher concentration of adiponectin than men. Its high concentration is observed in those suffering from anorexia and bulimia. Its reduced concentration decreases insulin levels, and leads to the development of diabetes and lipodystrophy. It is believed that low adiponectin level contributes to the development of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular complications including unstable coronary artery disease. Mechanisms of synthesis regulation have not been thoroughly understood. One describes only the increase of adiponectin gene expression regulated by receptors activated by peroxisome proliferation. Adiponectin is present in breast milk where it plays an important role in the development of the infant. The newborn has higher adiponectin level than the adult; it correlates with the maturity of foetus and its body weight. Full-term newborns with normal birth weight have higher concentration of adiponectin than the premature infants and newborns with low birth weight. Infants with macrosomia have lower concentration of this hormone than children with normal and low birth weight, despite their similar BMI. In the prepubertal age, the value of adiponectin is a good indicator of insulin resistance. Changes in the concentration of adiponectin in foetuses and newborns, under the influence of not fully explained factors, may affect their development and lead to childhood obesity. In the first year of life, there is a progressive decrease in the concentration of this hormone.
Assessment of fetal myocardial performance index in women with pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Fetal cardiac left ventricular function in pregnant women with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus was investigated by exploring fetal myocardial performance index (MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocity (E/A) ratio. Methods: Seventy pregnant women with either pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus and with no other systemic or pregnancy related disorders were compared with 70 gestational age matched healthy controls by means of fetal left ventricular MPI and E/A ratio. Opening and closing clicks of the mitral and aortic valves were used to define the three time periods: ejection time (ET), isovolumetric contraction time (ICT) and isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT), which were employed in the calculation of MPI (MPI = [ICT + IRT]/ET). Statistical analyses were conducted using receiver operating characteristic analysis and independent two-sample t, Mann–Whitney U and chi-square tests. Results: Fetal left ventricular MPI values were significantly higher in the diabetic group compared with controls (0.56 ± 0.09 vs 0.36 ± 0.04, P < 0.001), whereas E/A ratio was lower (0.66 ± 0.11 vs 0.69 ± 0.09, P = 0.049). The adverse perinatal outcome rate was also higher in the diabetic group. Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed > 0.39 as the optimal cut-off level for MPI in perinatal adverse outcome prediction (sensitivity: 90.9%, specificity: 47.7%, area under the curve: 0.690, 95% confidence interval: 0.598–0.782, P < 0.001). Conclusions: We conclude that fetuses of diabetic mothers have significant left ventricular systolic and diastolic dysfunction. MPI may be used in the prediction of adverse perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies.
COL4A1 Mutation in a Neonate With Intrauterine Stroke and Anterior Segment Dysgenesis; Background COL4A1 on chromosome 13q34 encodes the alpha 1 chain of type IV collagen, a component of basal membranes. It is expressed mainly in the brain, muscles, kidneys, and eyes. COL4A1 mutations can remain asymptomatic or cause devastating disease. Neonates and children may present with porencephaly, intracerebral hemorrhage, or hemiparesis, whereas adults tend to develop intracranial aneurysms or retinal arteriolar tortuosities. Patient Description We describe a term infant with encephalomalacia, extensive intrauterine stroke and anterior segment dysgenesis with a de novo mutation in COL4A1. Conclusions Identification of this mutation in affected individuals has implications for perinatal management and genetic counseling.
Role of type 2 diabetes in determining retinal, renal, and cardiovascular outcomes in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE Women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have elevated lifetime risks for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), compared with their peers. However, it is not known whether their risk of CVD is dependent upon the development of T2DM. Thus, we sought to evaluate the role of T2DM in determining vascular outcomes in women with previous GDM. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS Allwomen in Ontario, Canada,with a live-birth pregnancy between April 1994 and March 2014 (n = 1,515,079) were stratified into the following four groups: women with GDM in whom T2DM subsequently developed (n = 15,585, median age 32 years); those with GDM in whom T2DM did not develop (n = 41,299; median age 32 years); women who did not have GDM but in whom T2DM developed (n = 49,397; median age 31 years); and those with neither GDM nor T2DM (n = 1,408,798; median age 30 years). Women were followed over a median time of 10.0 years for the development of microvascular and macrovascular outcomes. RESULTS Among women who had GDM, only those in whom T2DM developed had an increased risk of vitrectomy/photocoagulation (hazard ratio [HR] 4.49, 95% CI 3.90-5.17), renal dialysis (HR 7.52, 5.24-10.81), and hospitalization for foot infection (HR 4.32, 3.42-5.46) (all P < 0.0001). However, for macrovascular outcomes, both women with GDM in whom T2DM developed and those in whom T2DM did not develop had increased risks of CVD (HR 2.82; 2.41-3.30; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.30; 1.07-1.59; P = 0.008, respectively) and coronary artery disease (HR 3.54; 2.96-4.23; P < 0.0001; and HR 1.41; 1.11-1.80; P = 0.005, respectively), although absolute event rates were very low. CONCLUSIONS Women with GDM have an elevated risk of cardiovascular outcomes, even in the absence of T2DM. In contrast, microvascular risk emerges only in those in whom T2DM develops.
Persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn in late preterm and term infants in California; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: There are limited epidemiologic data on persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We sought to describe the incidence and 1-year mortality of PPHN by its underlying cause, and to identify risk factors for PPHN in a contemporary population-based dataset. METHODS: The California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development maintains a database linking maternal and infant hospital discharges, readmissions, and birth and death certificates from 1 year before to 1 year after birth. We searched the database (2007-2011) for cases of PPHN (identified by International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes), including infants ≥34 weeks' gestational age without congenital heart disease. Multivariate Poisson regression was used to identify risk factors associated with PPHN; results are presented as risk ratios, 95% confidence intervals. RESULTS: Incidence of PPHN was 0.18% (3277 cases/1 781 156 live births). Infection was the most common cause (30.0%). One-year mortality was 7.6%; infants with congenital anomalies of the respiratory tract had the highest mortality (32.0%). Risk factors independently associated with PPHN included gestational age <37 weeks, black race, large and small for gestational age, maternal preexisting and gestational diabetes, obesity, and advanced age. Female sex, Hispanic ethnicity, and multiple gestation were protective against PPHN. CONCLUSIONS: This risk factor profile will aid clinicians identifying infants at increased risk for PPHN, as they are at greater risk for rapid clinical deterioration.
Severe maternal morbidity among Hispanic women in New York City: Investigation of health disparities; OBJECTIVE: To investigate differences in severe maternal morbidity between Hispanic mothers and three major Hispanic subgroups compared with non-Hispanic white mothers and the extent to which differences in delivery hospitals may contribute to excess morbidity among Hispanic mothers. METHODS: We conducted a population-based crosssectional study using linked 2011-2013 New York City discharge and birth certificate data sets (n=353,773). Rates of severe maternal morbidity were calculated using a published algorithm based on diagnosis and procedure codes. Mixed-effects logistic regression with a random hospital-specific intercept was used to generate riskstandardized severe maternal morbidity rates for each hospital taking into consideration patient sociodemographic characteristics and comorbidities. Differences in the distribution of Hispanic and non-Hispanic white deliveries were assessed among these hospitals in relation to their risk-adjusted morbidity. Sensitivity analyses were conducted after excluding isolated blood transfusion from the morbidity composite. RESULTS: Severe maternal morbidity occurred in 4,541 deliveries and was higher among Hispanic than non- Hispanic white women (2.7% compared with 1.5%, P<.001); this rate was 2.9% among those who were Puerto Rican, 2.7% among those who were foreignborn Dominican, and 3.3% among those who were foreign-born Mexican. After adjustment for patient characteristics, the risk remained elevated for Hispanic women (odds ratio [OR] 1.42, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.22-1.66) and for all three subgroups compared with non-Hispanic white women (P<.001). Risk for Hispanic women was attenuated in sensitivity analyses (OR 1.17, 95% CI 1.02-1.33). Risk-standardized morbidity across hospitals varied sixfold. We estimate that Hispanic-non- Hispanic white differences in delivery location may contribute up to 37% of the ethnic disparity in severe maternal morbidity rates in New York City hospitals. CONCLUSION: Hispanic compared with non-Hispanic white mothers are more likely to deliver at hospitals with higher risk-adjusted severe maternal morbidity rates and these differences in site of delivery may contribute to excess morbidity among Hispanic mothers. Our results suggest improving quality at the lowest performing hospitals could benefit both non-Hispanic white and Hispanic women and reduce ethnic disparities in severe maternal morbidity rates.
Maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with non-medically indicated induction of labor at term compared with expectant management in morbidly obese women; OBJECTIVE: To compare maternal and neonatal outcomes of nonmedically indicated induction of labor (NMII) with those of expectant management in morbidly obese women. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study from the Consortium on Safe Labor of morbidly obese women (body mass index >40 kg/m2) with singleton, cephalic gestations who delivered between 37 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation. Women with previous cesarean, chronic hypertension, gestational and pregestational diabetes were excluded. Maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between women who underwent NMII within each week and expectant management that week. Maternal outcomes included cesarean, operative delivery, major laceration, postpartum hemorrhage, and composite maternal outcome (transfusion, intensive care unit [ICU], or venous thromboembolism). Neonatal outcomes included shoulder dystocia, macrosomia (>4000 g), neonatal ICU, and composite neonatal outcome (5-min Apgar score <5, stillbirth, neonatal death, or asphyxia or hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy). Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated, controlling for confounders. RESULTS: Of 2,619 nulliparous and 3,472 multiparous morbidly obese women, 562 (21.5%) and 966 (27.8%) had NMII, respectively. In nulliparas, NMII was associated with an increased risk of cesarean (aOR=1.60; 95%CI=1.04-2.48) but a decreased risk of macrosomia (aOR=0.20; 95%CI=0.05-0.81) at 38 weeks' gestation; and a decreased risk of neonatal ICU admission (aOR=0.53; 95%CI=0.30- 0.95) at 40 weeks' gestation. At 39 weeks' gestation in nulliparas, NMII was not associated with cesarean (aOR=1.13; 95%CI=0.82- 1.54) and macrosomia (aOR=0.59; 95%CI=0.34-1.01). In multiparas, NMII was associated with a decreased risk of cesarean at 39 weeks' gestation (aOR=0.49; 95%CI=0.30-0.81) but an increased risk at 40 weeks' gestation (aOR=1.86; 95%CI=1.21-2.86); and decreased risks of macrosomia (aOR=0.29; 95%CI=0.14-0.57 and aOR=0.65; 95%CI=0.49-0.87) at 38 and 39 weeks' gestation, respectively. There was no difference in composite maternal and neonatal outcomes. CONCLUSION: In morbidly obese women, NMII was associated with similar or decreased risks of cesarean delivery and macrosomia at 39 weeks' gestation. (Table Presented).
Non-medically indicated induction of labor compared with expectant management in nulliparous women 35 years of age or older; OBJECTIVE: To compare maternal and neonatal outcomes, in women aged ≥35 years, when managed using non-medically indicated induction of labor (NMII) versus expectant management. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study from the Consortium on Safe Labor of nulliparous women aged ≥35 years with singleton, cephalic gestations who delivered between 37 0/7 and 41 6/7 weeks' gestation. Women with chronic hypertension, gestational and pregestational diabetes, uterine scar, HIV, placenta previa, fetal anomaly or fetal death were excluded. Pre-selected maternal and neonatal outcomes were compared between women who underwent NMII at 37, 38, 39 and 40 weeks' gestation and those with expectant management that week. Maternal outcomes examined were cesarean delivery, operative delivery, major perineal laceration, postpartum hemorrhage, and composite maternal outcome (hysterectomy, transfusion, intensive care unit [ICU] admission, venous thromboembolism, or maternal death). Neonatal outcomes examined were shoulder dystocia, macrosomia (>4000 g), neonatal ICU admission, and composite neonatal outcome (5-min Apgar score <5, cord pH <7.0, stillbirth, neonatal death, asphyxia or hypoxicischemic encephalopathy). Adjusted odds ratios (aOR) with 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated, controlling for confounders. RESULTS: Of 3819 nulliparous women aged ≥35, 1,409 (36.9%) women underwent NMII. At 37, 38 and 39 weeks' gestation, NMII was associated with decreased risk of cesarean delivery compared with expectant management (Table). At 38 weeks' gestation, NMII was associated with decreased risk of macrosomia (aOR=0.45; 95% CI=0.23-0.91) compared with expectant management. At 40 weeks' gestation, NMII was associated with increased risk of operative delivery (aOR=2.27; 95%CI=1.46-3.52) but decreased risk of neonatal ICU admission (aOR=0.42; 95%CI=0.24-0.73) compared with expectant management. There were no differences in composite maternal and neonatal outcomes between management groups. CONCLUSION: In nulliparous women aged ≥35, NMII was associated with decreased risk of cesarean delivery at 37 to 39 weeks' gestation and decreased risks of macrosomia at 38 weeks' gestation and neonatal ICU admission at 40 weeks' gestation compared with expectant management. (Table Presented).
Transient isolated polyhydramnios-is it even an entity?; OBJECTIVE: Polyhydrmanios (AFI>250mm) is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. However, pregnancy outcome of women diagnosed in mid-pregnancy with polyhydramnios which later resolved is unclear, especially women with isolated polyhydramnios. Thus, we aimed to evaluate labor and perinatal outcomes of transient, isloated polyhydramnios. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study (2008-2013). Eligibility was limited to singleton gestations, with no maternal diabetes or known structural/chromosomal anomalies (diagnosed antepartum or postpartum), and no rupture of the membranes prior to delivery. All women included in the study had routine sonographic estimation of fetal weight (EFW) between 28-34 weeks of gestation. We compared women diagnosed with transient isolated polyhydramnios (AFI>250mm) at the time of the EFW but presented with normal AFI (AFI≤250mm) at admission to the delivery ward, with women who had normal AFI throughout pregnancy. RESULTS: Overall, 44,263 women delivered in this time period, of which 292 women had transient isolated polyhydramnios (study group) and 29,682 women with normal amniotic fluid level (control group) were eligible for analysis. Our main findings were: (p<0.001 unless stated otherwise)1. Women in the study group were less likely to be nulliparous (p=0.024), delivered at a more advanced gestational age, and were more likely to use epidural analgesia (p=0.006).2. Women in the study group had higher risk operative vaginal delivery (OVD) (p=0.024), mainly due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) (p=0.05) and higher risk for cesarean section (CD), mostly because of labor dystocia, suspected macrosomia or malpresentation.3. Mean birth weight and birth weight percentile were higher for women in the study group and the rate of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) was 6-fold higher (p=0.03).4. After accounting for confounders in a multivariate logistics regression model, transient isolated polyhydramnios remained an independent risk factor for OVD, CS, NRFHR requiring OVD, labor dystocia, suspected macrosomia or malpresentation requiring CD and NEC. CONCLUSION: Transient, isolated polyhydrmanios detected during the third trimester and spontaneously resolving by term, is still an independent risk factor for obstetrical intervention during labor and for neonatal NEC.(Table Presented).
Incidence of maternal co-morbidities and maternal complications in association with obesity epidemic; OBJECTIVE: Maternal morbidity and mortality is increasing across the Unites States and the obesity epidemic is believed to be a major contributor. Our objective was to determine whether maternal comorbidities and adverse maternal outcomes are increasing in concert with the obesity burden. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of pregnant women delivered at our institution between 1997 and 2014 was performed. Obesity was defined as a pre-pregnancy or first trimester body mass index (BMI) ≥ 30 kg/m2 and the BMI was further categorized as: 30.0-34.9, 35.0-39.9, 40.0-49.9, and ≥ 50.0. Specific pre-pregnancy chronic co-morbidities and pregnancy-related outcomes were compared between women with BMI < 30.0, those with BMI ≥ 30, and in each obesity category between 1997-2005 (T1) and 2006-2014 (T2). Chi-square test, Student t-test, and Mann-Whitney U test were used for the analysis. Level of significance: P<.05. RESULTS: Of 34,862 deliveries attended between 1997 and 2014, 25,637 (73.5%) had a BMI < 30.0 and 9,225 (26.5%) had a BMI ≥ 30. Maternal obesity increased 64.8% and deliveries with BMI ≥50 increased almost three fold between T1 and T2. Type II and gestational diabetes, chronic hypertension, venous thromboembolism (VTE), and primary cesarean all increased significantly in women with BMI ≥ 30 and almost in all obesity categories between T1 and T2 (Figures 1 and 2). Among obese women, those with BMI ≥ 50 had the highest increased rate of chronic hypertension. Preeclampsia rate increased in almost all obesity categories, but did not differ by time period study. Maternal mortality rate was not significantly different between T1 and T2 or related to the degree of obesity. CONCLUSION: Significant maternal pre-pregnancy co-morbidities and pregnancy complications were diagnosed more frequently during contemporaneous time periods in relation to obesity severity and of those, chronic hypertension had the most dramatic increase. Preventive measures prior to conception are urgently needed to ameliorate this major public health problem. (Figure Presented).
Effects of acute glucose load on inflammation, oxidative stress, and markers of non-enzymatic glycosylation in women undergoing screening for gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Pregnant women who experience diabetic screening with a 50g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) have reported acute symptoms of tachycardia, malaise and nausea. Our objective was to investigate whether significant changes in maternal blood levels of acute phase reactive inflammatory markers, oxidative stress and non-enzymatic protein glycosylation are modified following an acute glucose load to explain these symptoms. STUDY DESIGN: 100 non-fasting, consecutive pregnant women were prospectively allocated during the 2nd trimester to either 50g OGTT (study group, n=50, GA median [range]: 26 [24-28] wks), or an equivalent volume of water [control (CRL), n=50, GA: 22 [18-32] wks). Blood pressure and clinical symptoms (i.e. sweating, palpitations, anxiety) were monitored before intake and at 15 min. increments for one hour. Serum samples were collected immediately before and one hour after intake. IL-6, C-Reactive Protein (CRP), Advanced Glycation End Products (AGE), and soluble Receptor for Advanced Glycation End Products (sRAGE) were measured using sensitive and specific ELISA. Glucose concentration was assayed using the STANBIO liquicolor kit. Total serum anti-oxidative capacity was measured using the Total Anti-oxidant Capacity-Peroxyl (TACP) assay. RESULTS: 1) Following glucose or water intake, there was no significant change in blood pressure and frequency or intensity of monitored maternal clinical symptoms; 2) Compared to CRLs, the 50g OGTT women had a significant increase in their serum glucose levels (P<0.001); 3) A 50g OGTT may be associated with a minimal but significant increase in maternal blood CRP (P=0.014); 4) There was no significant change in the serum anti-oxidant capacity, IL-6 or AGE levels following glucose load (P>0.05 for all); 5) Following correction for GA, race and parity there was no significant change in sRAGE (2-way RM ANOVA, P>0.05). CONCLUSION: The minimal increase in levels of CRP, but not IL-6, oxidative stress, and AGEs, suggests that during 2nd trimester, a 50g OGTT load is safe and clinically well-tolerated.
Pregnancy, delivery, and neonatal outcomes among women with asthma; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between maternal asthma and pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Health Care Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2003 to 2011. Using this database, we created a birth cohort and compared pregnancy, delivery and neonatal outcomes in asthmatic to non-asthmatic patients using logistic regression analysis, adjusting for baseline characteristics. RESULTS: In a cohort of 7,772,999 pregnant patients, 223,236 (2.9%) were asthmatics. Rates of asthma increased over the study period from 1.9% in 2003 to 3.7% in 2011, p<0.001. Asthma was associated with an increased risk of preeclampsia (aOR 1.2, 95% CI 1.17-1.23), gestational diabetes (aOR 1.25, 95% CI 1.22-1.27), placenta previa (aOR 1.29, 95% CI 1.23-1.36), abruptio placenta (aOR 1.06, 95% CI 1.02-1.10), small for gestational age (aOR 1.17, 95% CI 1.14-1.21), PPROM (aOR 1.07, 95% CI 1.03-1.11), preterm delivery (aOR 1.08, 95% CI 1.07-1.10), chorioamnionitis (aOR 1.12, 95% CI 1.09-1.16), postpartum hemorrhage (aOR 1.10, 95% CI 1.07-1.12), venous thromboembolism (aOR 2.61, 95% CI 2.42-2.81), maternal mortality (aOR 1.67, 95% CI 1.30-2.14) and congenital anomaly (aOR 1.85, 95% CI 1.76-1.94). Patients with asthma were more likely to deliver by cesearan section (aOR 1.04, 95% CI 1.03-1.06) and less likely to have an assisted vaginal delivery (aOR 0.83, 95% CI 0.81- 0.85). CONCLUSION: Asthma is associated with an increase in adverse pregnancy, labor and neonatal outcomes. Close surveillance of asthmatic patients during the prenatal period is warranted and care in a tertiary care hospital is advised.
The effect of mild gestational diabetes treatment on the proteomic profile of children; OBJECTIVE: To determine the role of mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment on fetal programming using the children's proteome profile. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a follow-up study of children (ages 5-10) of women enrolled in a multicenter trial of treatment versus no treatment of mild GDM. Plasma samples from male and female offspring from untreated GDM (n=12 and n=17, respectively) and treated GDM (n=18 and n=12, respectively) were analyzed by LC/MS/MS. The raw data files were processed using Thermo Scientific™Proteome Discoverer™ software against the IPI human 3.87 database (Mascot search engine). Peptides identified in at least 75% of samples in each group were expressed as spectra intensity ratio in treated group over untreated group. The ratio was converted to fold increase/decrease by Ingenuity Pathways Analysis (IPA) and analyzed for associations with biological functions against the database. Right-tailed Fisher's exact test was used to calculate a Pvalue (P<.05). RESULTS: Total of 164 peptides in males and 166 in females were included in IPA analysis. Numbers of differentially regulated proteins are shown in the Table. In treated males diseases/disorders/molecular and functions analyses revealed the most significant association of downregulated proteins with a cluster of diseases related to lipid, cholesterol, glucose metabolism, while in treated females the developmental disorders were predominant. The highest number of downregulated proteins (20) in treated males was grouped within the network which included molecules specific for cardiovascular disease, lipid metabolism and molecular transport whereas in treated females 31 downregulated molecules belonged to hematological system development and function, organismal injury and abnormalities, and organismal functions network. Among upregulated proteins the top category in treated males was developmental disorders (15) and in treated females the infectious diseases (2). The top downregulated protein in treated males and females -transthyretin - belonged to the HDL group. CONCLUSION: Treatment of mild GDM was associated with changes in children's proteome profile. The observed gender differences could possibly guide future therapeutic interventions and managements to prevent altered developmental programming resulting from GDM.
Are perinatal complications more frequent in women with congenital heart disease?; OBJECTIVE: A majority of those with congenital heart disease (CHD) now survive into adulthood and many women with CHD wish to pursue pregnancy. Though prior studies have addressed cardiovascular complications, few contemporary data exist regarding obstetric and neonatal outcomes. Our purpose was to examine the association of maternal CHD with adverse perinatal outcomes. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study including 2,250,129 women with singleton gestations delivering at 24-42 weeks' gestational age in California from 2005 through 2008. Women with CHD were compared to controls. Obstetric outcomes included preeclampsia, placental abruption, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preterm premature rupture of membranes, operative vaginal delivery (VD), severe perineal lacerations, blood transfusion and cesarean section (CS). Neonatal outcomes included small for gestational age (SGA), preterm birth (PTB), birthweight, fetal anomalies, neonatal death, and fetal demise. RESULTS: We identified 537 women in the cohort with congenital heart disease. In this cohort, the most common cardiac conditions were pulmonary valve lesions (24%) and aortic valve lesions (24%). Multiple adverse perinatal outcomes were more frequent in the congenital heart disease group compared to controls (Table). Maternal adverse outcomes included an increased risk of preeclampsia (5.0% vs 3.0%, p 0.009), need for blood transfusion (2.3% vs 0.7%, p <0.001), operative VD (7.1% vs 4.5%, p 0.004) and CS (41.7% vs 30.0%, p 0.001). Adverse neonatal outcomes were also more frequent in those with CHD, including PTB (15.0% vs 9.4%, p 0.001), SGA (16.0% vs 10.9%, p 0.001) and fetal anomalies (16.9% vs 6.4%, p 0.001) including cardiac anomalies (3.3% vs 0.5%, p <0.001). All other outcomes were similar between cases and controls. Right compared to left-sided cardiac lesions had an increased rate of SGA (18.6% vs 10.2%, p 0.019) and fetal anomalies (20.6% vs 10.3%, p 0.008) (Figure). CONCLUSION: Maternal CHD in pregnancy is associated with multiple adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes. When counseling women with CHD, these risks should be discussed in addition to reviewing the risk of major cardiovascular complications. (Figure presented).
Cord blood troponins and glycogen phosphorylase BB in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes and preeclampsia; OBJECTIVE: Troponins (Tn) and glycophosphorylase BB (GPBB) are heart-specific molecules that serve as markers for cardiac ischemia and tissue damage. We hypothesized that in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or preeclampsia (PET), subtle damage to the fetal heart will lead to elevated concentrations of Tn and GPBB in cord blood at delivery. STUDY DESIGN: Pregnant women admitted for delivery at >28 weeks were divided into four groups, 30 in each group: healthy patients delivered vaginally (VAG), healthy patients delivered by C-section (CS), patients with PET, and patients with GDM. Cord blood was collected at birth and frozen at -80°c and later assayed for concentrations of cardiac TnI (cTnI), cardiac TnT (cTnT), and GPBB using ELISA. Concentrations of Tn and GPBB and maternal characteristics were compared between the 4 groups using t-test, Chi square, Kruskal-Wallis, and Wilcoxon rank sum, as appropriate. RESULTS: There were no differences between groups with respect to maternal age, gravidity, or ethnicity, and there were no significant differences in the concentrations of GPBB related to maternal age, BMI, weight, or gestational age. The concentrations of cTnI were significantly higher in the PET group compared to the GDM and VAG groups and they were higher in the CS group compared to the VAG group. Additionally, cTnI was negatively correlated with gestational age (r= -0.22149, p<0.05), and positively correlated with maternal BMI (r =0.25747, p<0.05) and weight (r=0.22101, p<0.05). The concentration of GPBB was higher in the PET group compared to the VAG group. cTnT concentrations did not differ amongst the groups, and were significantly lower than cTnI concentrations. CONCLUSION: Cord blood concentrations of cTnI and GPBB are elevated in pregnancies complicated by PET and may serve as early markers of subtle fetal cardiac damage in these pregnancies.(Table Presented).
Frequency of congenital heart defects detected on fetal echocardiography in high-risk mothers; BACKGROUND: Early detection of congenital heart defects provides better postnatal treatment strategy and prognosis. Therefore, we aimed to determine the frequency of congenital heart defects on fetal echocardiography in high-risk mothers referred to the Children hospital, Lahore. METHODS: A cross-sectional observational study was conducted in the Cardiology department, of Children Hospital, Lahore from July to December 2015. The data were collected from 138 high-risk pregnant mothers. Both maternal and fetal risk factors associated with congenital heart defects were considered for indication of fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Of the 138 high-risk pregnancies, 131 had maternal and 7 had fetal risk factors. Of the fetuses with maternal risk factors, the prevalence of congenital heart defects was 6%. We did not find any congenital heart defects in fetuses with fetal risk factors. 2.17% congenital heart defects presented with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 3.62% presented with poor obstetric history (p ≤ 0.05). Atrial septal defects and ventricular septal defects each were present in 2 (1.4%) fetuses while 1 (0.72%) fetus had complete atrioventricular septal defect, 2(1.4%) had septal hypertrophies and 1 (0.72%) had pericardial effusion. CONCLUSION: We observed a 6% frequency of congenital heart defects in high-risk mothers. With this high frequency of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography should be included as part of second-trimester anomaly scan in all high-risk mothers.
Persistence of Cardiac Remodeling in Preadolescents with Fetal Growth Restriction; Background - Fetal growth restriction (FGR) affects 5% to 10% of newborns and is associated with increased cardiovascular mortality in adulthood. We evaluated whether prenatal cardiovascular changes previously demonstrated in FGR persist into preadolescence. Methods and Results - A cohort study of 58 FGR (defined as birth weight below 10th centile) and 94 normally grown fetuses identified in utero and followed-up into preadolescence (8-12 years of age) by echocardiography and 3-dimensional shape computational analysis. Compared with controls, FGR preadolescents had a different cardiac shape, with more spherical and smaller hearts. Left ventricular ejection fraction was similar among groups, whereas FGR had decreased longitudinal motion (decreased mitral annular systolic peak velocities: control median, 0.11 m/s [interquartile range, 0.09-0.12] versus FGR median 0.09 m/s [interquartile range, 0.09-0.10]; P<0.01) and impaired relaxation (isovolumic relaxation time: control, 0.21 ms [interquartile range, 0.12-0.35] versus FGR, 0.35 ms [interquartile range, 0.20-0.46]; P=0.04). Global longitudinal strain was decreased (control mean, -22.4% [SD, 1.37] versus FGR mean, -21.5% [SD, 1.16]; P<0.001) compensated by an increased circumferential strain and with a higher prevalence of postsystolic shortening in FGR as compared with controls. These differences persisted after adjustment for parental ethnicity and smoking, prenatal glucocorticoid administration, preeclampsia, gestational age at delivery, days in intensive care unit, sex, age, and body surface area at evaluation. Conclusions - This study provides evidence that cardiac remodeling induced by FGR persists until preadolescence with findings similar to those reported in their prenatal life and childhood. The findings support the hypothesis of primary cardiac programming in FGR for explaining the association between low birth weight and cardiovascular risk in adulthood.
Thyroid hormone treatment among pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism: US national assessment; Objective To estimate the effectiveness and safety of thyroid hormone treatment among pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism. Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Large US administrative database between 1 January 2010 and 31 December 2014. Participants 5405 pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism, defined as untreated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) concentration 2.5-10 mIU/L. Exposure Thyroid hormone therapy. Main outcom e measure Pregnancy loss and other pre-specified maternal and fetal pregnancy related adverse outcomes. Results Among 5405 pregnant women with subclinical hypothyroidism, 843 with a mean pre-treatment TSH concentration of 4.8 (SD 1.7) mIU/L were treated with thyroid hormone and 4562 with a mean baseline TSH concentration of 3.3 (SD 0.9) mIU/L were not treated (P<0.01). Compared with the untreated group, treated women had lower adjusted odds of pregnancy loss (odds ratio 0.62, 95% confidence interval 0.48 to 0.82) but higher odds of preterm delivery (1.60, 1.14 to 2.24), gestational diabetes (1.37, 1.05 to 1.79), and pre-eclampsia (1.61, 1.10 to 2.37); other pregnancy related adverse outcomes were similar between the two groups. The adjusted odds of pregnancy loss were lower in treated women than in untreated women if their pre-treatment TSH concentration was 4.1-10 mIU/L (odds ratio 0.45, 0.30 to 0.65) but not if it was 2.5-4.0 mIU/L (0.91, 0.65 to 1.23) (P<0.01). Conclusion Thyroid hormone treatment was associated with decreased risk of pregnancy loss among women with subclinical hypothyroidism, especially those with pre-treatment TSH concentrations of 4.1-10 mIU/L. However, the increased risk of other pregnancy related adverse outcomes calls for additional studies evaluating the safety of thyroid hormone treatment in this patient population.
Safety of tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis vaccination during pregnancy a systematic review; OBJECTIVE: To assess antenatal, birth, and infant outcomes for pregnant women, fetuses, and infants after antenatal vaccination with any antigen present in combination pertussis vaccines. DATA SOURCES: PubMed, EMBASE, Literature in the Health Sciences in Latin America and the Caribbean, ClinicalTrials.gov, Cochrane Library, and World Health Organization (inception to May 5, 2016). METHODS OF STUDY SELECTION: Studies reporting outcomes for pregnant women, their fetus, or infant after antenatal exposure to either monovalent or combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, and acellular pertussis (Tdap) or inactivated polio vaccines were considered for inclusion. RESULTS: A total of 21 studies were included in this review. Point estimates ranged from 0.47 to 1.50 for preterm birth (less than 37 weeks of gestation), 0.65-1.00 for small for gestational age (birth weight less than the 10th percentile), 0.36-0.85 for stillbirth, 0.16-1.00 for neonatal death, 0.76-1.20 for low birth weight (less than 2,500 g), and 0.20-0.91 for congenital anomalies. All lower 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were less than 1.0. Of three retrospective studies assessing chorioamnionitis after vaccination, one showed a small but statistically significant increase. Point estimates for all anomalies after antenatal tetanus toxoid vaccination ranged from 1.20 to 1.60 and had 95% CIs that crossed 1.0. There was substantial clinical and methodologic heterogeneity from mainly retrospective observational studies with an overall high risk of bias. Objective rates of fever were low, 3% or below, and more common systemic events observed included headache, malaise, and myalgia. CONCLUSION: Evidence suggests that antenatal combined Tdap administered during the second or third trimester of pregnancy is not associated with clinically significant harms for the fetus or neonate. Medically attended events in pregnant women are similar between vaccinated and unvaccinated groups.
Influence of pregnancy and pregnancy complication on cardiovascular health and cardiovascular disease risk in women; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of death for women in the developed world. There is a growing body of evidence suggesting that complications during pregnancy, such as pre-eclampsia, and preterm delivery, and gestational diabetes mellitus, may be strong predictors of CVD risk and even CVD-related death in later life. This study assessed the association between pregnancy, and pregnancy-related complications and the American Heart Association Cardiovascular Health Index (CVHI) to the Framingham Risk Score (FRS) in a rural population cohort. We performed secondary data analysis on the >29,675 adult women (23,791 of whom had ever been pregnant) from a larger population health study. Enrollees in the study completed an extensive health survey that included pregnancy history. We adapted the CVHI and the FRS to the data available in this cohort. Women had an average of 2.1 pregnancies and 1638 reported preeclampsia in any pregnancy, 1338 in one pregnancy only and 300 women reported preeclampsia in multiple pregnancies. In adjusted, multivariable OLS regression, any preeclampsia was associated with increased FRS and poorer CVHI. Any preeclampsia was also associated with increased risk for FRS categorization as “moderate” or “high” 10-year risk. History of multiple preeclamptic pregnancies was further associated with poorer CVHI, but was not associated with additional risk for the FRS. Further study is needed to evaluate whether history or pregnancy complication, specifically preeclampsia, should be included in CVD risk scoring systems for women.
Cardiovascular malformations in infants of diabetic mothers: A retrospective case-control study; Maternal diabetes has teratogenic effects on the evolution of the fetal cardiovascular system; as a consequence, cardiovascular malformations are the most common anomalies in infants of diabetic mothers. The present study focuses on the association of all types of diabetes in mothers with the incidence of congenital cardiovascular malformations in their infants. In this retrospective case-control study performed between the years 2008 and 2010, 35 infants of diabetic mothers were selected as a case group, and another 35 infants of mothers with normal blood glucose levels were selected as a control group. Data has been extracted from patients’ files and registered. Finally, the association of data has been performed according to statistical analysis. According to the results, the prevalence of cardiovascular anomalies was significantly higher in infants of diabetic mothers (P=0.018). The most common malformations in the case group were PDA 10%, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy 9% and PFO 8%. Maternal diabetes type (overt or gestational diabetes), duration and control method did not correspond with any significant differences in the prevalence of cardiac anomalies. The results of this study indicate that diabetes in pregnant women plays an important role in the incidence of certain types of cardiac anomalies, such as PFO, HCMPT, and PDA. As a result, the performance of diagnostic procedures (like embryonic echo, before and after birth), provision of special prenatal care to diabetic mothers, and providing supportive and therapeutic care to symptomatic infants seems highly advisable in such cases.
Do we need a different approach to assess cardiovascular risk in women?; For many years, heart disease was considered by many to be a 'man's disease'. This opinion was held for several decades, despite statistics showing that more women died from heart disease annually than men. Women are not simply smaller biologic versions of men, nor are they a homogeneous group. The complexity of the effect of hormonal, biologic and physiologic factors on a woman's cardiovascular risk cannot be understood by extrapolating our knowledge of heart disease in men. Several factors influence a woman's risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). While traditional risk factors have long been known, several risk factors unique to or predominant in women also confer an increased risk for CVD. In this review we highlight the burden of CVD in women, and describe risk factors that are female-specific or female-predominant. We also review current risk assessment models and their efficacy in estimating a woman's risk for CVD.
Antepartum uterine rupture at 29â€weeks gestation following unilateral salpingectomy and review of literature; Antepartum uterine rupture following salpingectomy is a rare condition and is associated with high fetal and maternal mortality and morbidity. We illustrate a 33-year-old primigravida who presented with abdominal pain at 29 weeks of gestation. Her previous obstetric history included a ruptured right ectopic pregnancy for which she underwent laparoscopic salpingectomy with no breach of uterine cavity. Her antenatal care had otherwise been unremarkable. Following admission for undetectable fetal heart, ultrasound and CT demonstrated an extrauterine fetus at the right adnexal region with free fluid consistent with intra-abdominal haemorrhage. An exploratory laparotomy was performed which revealed a uterine rupture at the right cornua with the extruded fetus en caul. The fetus was delivered and the uterus repaired in three layers. The patient made an uneventful postoperative recovery and was discharged 5 days following surgery. We review the current literature including the evaluation and management of this rare condition.
Abstracts of the 14th Annual World Congress on Insulin Resistance, Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease, WCIRDC; The proceedings contain 100 papers. The topics discussed include: a cross-sectional, multi-centric, epidemiological study of diabetic neuropathy and associated co-morbidities in type 2 diabetic patients in India; triple oral fixed dose combination of glimepiride, metformin and low dose (7.5 mg) pioglitazone in the treatment of uncontrolled type 2 diabetes; safety, feasibility and short term complication following lsagb (laparoscopic single anastomosis gastric bypass), results in the first 277 cases; lipoprotein(a) serum levels and its relationship to the severity of retinopathy in type 2 diabetes mellitus; association of serum ferritin with insulin resistance in offsprings of type 2 diabetes mellitus; relation of mean platelet volume with serum paraoxonase-1 activity and in diabetic patients with respect to obesity and diabetic complications; effects of l-carnitine in sodium nitroprusside (SNP) induced raw 264.7 macrophages; gene polymorphism in essential hypertension & its relation to environmental factors in north Indians; association of hypertriglyceridaemia with gestational diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes; cs6253 abca1 agonist treatment of apoe4 driven Alzheimers's disease; predicting 10-year risk of diabetes incidence in middle-aged and elderly: the BLSA study; the role of uric acid in impairment of the glomerular filteration rate in nonproteinuric patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; systemic levels of angiogenesis and angiostasis CXC chemokines are differed in neonates delivered mothers suffering gestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates; and NT-PROBNP levels can predict heart dysfunction in diabetic senescent patients.
Association of hypertriglyceridaemia with gestational diabetes and adverse pregnancy outcomes; Background: Plasma lipids and lipoproteins increase during pregnancy, but the mechanism is not completely understood, but appears to be partly caused by elevated oestrogen, progesterone and human placental lactogen. We aimed to determine whether high plasma triglyceride levels in the second trimester of pregnancy are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes including, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, gestational diabetes mellitus, and high uterine artery pulsatility index. Methods: This was a prospective cohort study between 2008 and 2010. Plasma levels of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride were measured after 8 hours of overnight fasting. We compared the outcomes of 45 pregnant women who had high triglyceride levels (≥195 mg/dl) with 135 pregnant women with triglyceride levels <195 mg/dl. Results: The incidence of gestational diabetes (20% vs. 5.9%, p = 0.03), Preterm birth (24.4% vs. 5.9%, p<0.0001), and Pre-eclampsia (17.8% vs. 3.7%, p = 0.004), in the high triglyceride group was significantly higher than that in the control group. The incidence of Increased pulsatility index in women with high triglyceride levels was higher than in women with low triglyceride levels but was not significant (17.8% vs. 3.7%, p = 0.6). Conclusion: There is a positive relation between hypertriglyceridaemia and pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, and gestational diabetes.
Systemic levels of angiogenesis and angiostasis cxc chemokines are differed in neonates delivered mothers suffering gestational diabetes mellitus and their neonates; Gestational diabetes mellitus is amongst the most frequent metabolic disorders in pregnancy, affecting 1-10% of all pregnancies. Several regulators including cytokine and chemokine network are considered as crucial agents in pregnancy Therefore, the present study was aimed to determine systemic levels of CXCL1, CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL12 in GDM mothers and their neonates, as recruiters of immune cells. In the present cross- sectional study, we recruited 54 pregnant women suffering GDM in the third trimester of pregnancy and 54 healthy normal pregnant women. Peripheral blood specimens were collected from both GDM and controls and subjected to serum isolation. Cord blood samples were also obtained from neonates of GDM mothers and normal pregnant women. The serum and cord blood levels of CXCL1, CXCL9, CXCL10 and CXCL12 were measured by ELISA in studied groups. Statistical analysis of differences between groups was carried out using the statistical package for the Social sciences. Data were analyzed using chi-squared test and t-test between two groups. The P-values <0.05 were considered significant. Our results showed that CXCL1 and CXCL9 were increased in GDM patients in compare to control but CXCL10 and CXCL12 remind unchanged. While the serum levels of CXCL1, CXCL9, CXC10 and CXCL12 were significantly differed in neonates delivered from GDM patients when compared to neonates who were delivered by normal pregnant women. According to the results of this work, it could probably be concluded that in GDM the expression of CXC chemokine is related with the balance between angiogenesis / angiostasis phenomenon associ ated with pregnancy and follows a pattern of inflammatory response in pregnant women.
Dyslipidemia in pregnant women and the age-rage axis in mothers and their neonates; Objective: The receptor for advanced glycation end-products (RAGE) has been implicated as one factor that may affect insulin signaling and perpetuate insulin resistance (IR) and inflammation. Its soluble form, sRAGE, may act as a signaling decoy by binding AGEs, thereby dampening RAGE signaling. Lower levels of sRAGE have been found to correlate with higher Coronary Vascular Disease (CVD) risk. Pregnancy is well known as a physiological status of insulin resistance and studies have shown elevated serum AGEs in women with gestational diabetes. Our study measures lipid panels, sRAGE and AGE status in healthy pregnant women at term and their newborns. LMW-AGEs reflect AGE catabolism and renal excretion, therefore studying them coupled with sRAGE explores the AGE-RAGE axis. Methods: We studied 64 healthy, non-diabetic pregnant women at term aged 34.1 ± 4.2, their newborns and 30 non pregnant women as controls. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C, HDL-C were measured by standard auto-analyzer methods. Total and low molecular weight AGEs were measured by fluorescence. Serum sRAGE was measured by an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (R&D Systems Inc., Minneapolis, MN, USA). Results: Eighty seven percent of pregnant women displayed hypertriglyceridemia (HTG); 67% showed TG >150 mg/dl; 16% TG >300 mg/dl and 4.5% TG> 400 mg/dl. TG was 267.3 ± 60.0∗; HDL-C 71.4 ± 14.7; LDL-C 101.9 ± 38.9∗; TG 230.6 ± 85.5∗ mg/dl respectively and TG/HDL 3.31 ± 1.43∗ (∗p <0.01 vs controls). AGEs did not differ and sRAGEs were significantly lower between pregnant women: 0.97 ± 0.58 mg/ml and controls: 1.52 ±0.46 mg/ml (p<0.01). Of note, newborns had markedly higher levels of sRAGE and a higher ratio of LMW/total AGEs compared to their mothers and controls; sRAGE = 2.31 ±1.02 mg/ml in babies and 0.97 ± 0.58 mg/ml in mothers (p<0.01). LMW/total AGE = 2.94 ± 1.19 x 10-2 in babies and 1.19 ± 0.61 x 10-2 in mothers (p<0.01). Conclusions: Our data reveals the magnitude of insulin resistance in late pregnancy as evidenced by almost 90% prevalence of HTG and high TG/HDLC ratio in this population. We confirm previous reports showing lower sRAGE in this condition, strengthening the hypothesis for a role of RAGE in IR and dyslipidemia. This data, combined with the unexpected finding of higher LMW-AGEs, coupled with much higher sRAGE in neonates suggest new avenues for the study of the AGE-RAGE axis in development and insulin resistance states.
Unfavorable cytokine and adhesion molecule profiles during and after pregnancy, in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Aims To assess the relationships between components of the metabolic syndrome and cytokine and adhesion molecule levels in women with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. Patients and methods A prospective case–control study on a sample of 126 pregnant women (63 with and 63 without gestational diabetes mellitus). In an intra-subject analysis, 41 women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus and 21 controls were re-assessed in the postpartum period. Clinical data and levels of cytokines and adhesion molecules were recorded during weeks 24–29 of pregnancy and 12 months after delivery. Results In the postpartum period, there were significantly higher levels of tumor necrosis factor alpha in both cases and controls, and of adiponectin in controls. Cases showed higher leptin levels, with no significant differences during and after pregnancy. No significant differences were seen in adhesion molecules and interleukin-6 between cases and controls during pregnancy and in the postpartum period, but levels of both were higher in cases. During pregnancy and after delivery, adiponectin decreased in cases and increased in controls. Significant positive correlations were seen between adiponectin and fasting blood glucose levels and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1, and also between leptin and tumor necrosis factor alpha levels. Conclusions The results suggest that increased inflammation and transient hyperglycemia during pregnancy would represent a latent form of metabolic syndrome, with an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and future cardiovascular disease.
Exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus induces neuroinflammation, derangement of hippocampal neurons, and cognitive changes in rat offspring; Background: Birth cohort studies link gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with impaired cognitive performance in the offspring. However, the mechanisms involved are unknown. We tested the hypothesis that obesity-associated GDM induces chronic neuroinflammation and disturbs the development of neuronal circuitry resulting in impaired cognitive abilities in the offspring. Methods: In rats, GDM was induced by feeding dams a diet high in sucrose and fatty acids. Brains of neonatal (E20) and young adult (15-week-old) offspring of GDM and lean dams were analyzed by immunohistochemistry, cytokine assay, and western blotting. Young adult offspring of GDM and lean dams went also through cognitive assessment. Cultured microglial responses to elevated glucose and/or fatty acids levels were analyzed. Results: In rats, impaired recognition memory was observed in the offspring of GDM dams. GDM exposure combined with a postnatal high-fat and sucrose diet resulted in atypical inattentive behavior in the offspring. These cognitive changes correlated with reduced density and derangement of Cornu Ammonis 1 pyramidal neuronal layer, decreased hippocampal synaptic integrity, increased neuroinflammatory status, and reduced expression of CX3CR1, the microglial fractalkine receptor regulating microglial pro-inflammatory responses and synaptic pruning. Primary microglial cultures that were exposed to high concentrations of glucose and/or palmitate were transformed into an activated, amoeboid morphology with increased nitric oxide and superoxide production, and altered their cytokine release profile. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that GDM stimulates microglial activation and chronic inflammatory responses in the brain of the offspring that persist into young adulthood. Reactive gliosis correlates positively with hippocampal synaptic decline and cognitive impairments. The elevated pro-inflammatory cytokine expression at the critical period of hippocampal synaptic maturation suggests that neuroinflammation might drive the synaptic and cognitive decline in the offspring of GDM dams. The importance of microglia in this process is supported by the reduced Cx3CR1 expression as an indication of the loss of microglial control of inflammatory responses and phagocytosis and synaptic pruning in GDM offspring.
The correlation study on vitamin D receptor ApaI gene polymorphism and gestational diabetes mellitus among pregnant women; Purpose: The aim of this study was to explore the correlation between vitamin D receptor ApaI gene polymorphism and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Methods: 240 patients were divided them into GDM and non-GDM groups. DNA sampling was purified from peripheral blood and analysed by the PCR-RFLP for ApaI gene. BMI, Fasting Blood Glucose (FBG), and 1 h and 2 h Postprandial Glucose (PPG) were compared. Results: The genotype frequency of vitamin D receptor ApaI gene polymorphism significantly differed between two groups. Compared with AA genotype patients, the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus was significantly increased in those with CC genotype. Logistic regression analysis showed that there was no significant correlation between ApaI C allele and GDM. Conclusions: There was a significant correlation between vitamin D receptor ApaI gene polymorphism and GDM among pregnant women.
Diabetes mellitus: A review on pathophysiology, current status of oral medications and future perspectives; Diabetes mellitus (DM), belongs to the class of metabolic diseases which the main symptom associated with this disease is the high sugar levels in blood for a long period. It can be categorized to the world’s major diseases considering that affects high population in earth and presents two main types I and II. Diabetes complications include possible blindness, amputation of lower limb, renal failure, and cardiac arrest or stroke. This review summarizes the pathophysiology for both types of DM, the variety of antidiabetic medications as well as future perspectives. Until now injectable medications are more frequently used in order to achieve the desirable treatment. Patients prefer oral antidiabetic medications since are easier to be administered and for this reason researchers focus their studies at this direction. This work also aimed to present and evaluate possible oral formulations against DM type II.
Indirect maternal deaths: UK and global perspectives; Indirect maternal deaths outnumber direct deaths due to obstetric causes in many high-income countries, and there has been a significant increase in the proportion of maternal deaths due to indirect medical causes in low- to middle-income countries. This review presents a detailed analysis of indirect maternal deaths in the UK and a perspective on the causes and trends in indirect maternal deaths and issues related to care in low- to middle-income countries. There has been no significant decrease in the rate of indirect maternal deaths in the UK since 2003. In 2011–2013, 68% of all maternal deaths were due to indirect causes, and cardiac disease was the single largest cause. The major issues identified in care of women who died from an indirect cause was a lack of clarity about which medical professional should take responsibility for care and overall management. Under-reporting and misclassification result in underestimation of the rate of indirect maternal deaths in low- to middle-income countries. Causes of indirect death include a range of communicable diseases, non-communicable diseases and nutritional disorders. There has been evidence of a shift in incidence from direct to indirect maternal deaths in many low- to middle-income countries due to an increase in non-communicable diseases among women in the reproductive age. The gaps in care identified include poor access to health services, lack of healthcare providers, delay in diagnosis or misdiagnosis and inadequate follow-up during the postnatal period. Irrespective of the significant gains made in reducing maternal mortality in many countries worldwide, there is evidence of a steady increase in the rate of indirect deaths due to pre-existing medical conditions. This heightens the need for research to generate evidence about the risk factors, management and outcomes of specific medical comorbidities during pregnancy in order to provide appropriate evidence-based multidisciplinary care across the entire pathway: pre-pregnancy, during pregnancy and delivery, and postpartum.
Severe perineal morbidity of instrumental deliveries using Thierry's spatulas and vacuum extraction: A prospective observational cohort study; Objectives To evaluate the risk of severe perineal tear following instrumental vaginal delivery (IVD) performed with spatulas and vacuum extraction. Secondary objectives were to estimate the impact of episiotomy on this risk. Methods From December 2008 to October 2012, women who underwent spatulas or vacuum were prospectively included. Each spontaneous vaginal delivery (SVD) following each included IVD were included as control cases (1–1 ratio). Careful perineal examination was systematically performed. Severe perineal tear was defined by the occurrence of anal sphincter rupture with or without anal mucosa tear. Results A total of 761 patients were included in the current study: 248 (64%) spatulas, 137 (36%) vacuums and 381 (49%) SVDs. Severe perineal tear was diagnosed in 19 (2.5%) cases. Episiotomy had been performed in 276 (36.9%) patients. Only spatulas extraction was found to significantly increase the risk of severe perineal tear (AOR = 7.66; 95% CI: 2.06–28; P = 0.02). Although vacuum extraction seemed to increase this risk, it was not found to be significant (AOR = 3.25; 95% CI: 0.65–16.24; P = 0.15). No significant difference was observed between the risk of severe perineal tear following spatulas and vacuum (AOR = 2.36; 95% CI: 0.63–8.82; P = 0.202). Finally, neither foetal macrosomia, nor episiotomy, nor foetal extraction with the head in the deep pelvis, nor delivery at night had a significant impact on the probability of severe perineal tear. Conclusions Spatulas extraction is an independent risk factor for severe perineal tear. The practice of episiotomy was not shown to have any significant impact on this risk.
Long-term risk of metabolic disorders in gestational diabetes mellitus mothers and offspring; Background: The incidence of Gestational Diabetes and Mellitus (GDM) is increasing at recent. It was hypothesized that offspring of mothers with GDM may have a relatively high risk for metabolic diseases, but there is still a controversy. Thus, this study aimed to investigate the long-term risk of glucose and lipid metabolic disorders in offspring of GDM mothers. Methods: GDM mothers (n=467) who gave birth in our department from February 1998 to July 2005 were enrolled and 123 patients were followed up (GDM group). Non-GDM mothers (n=80) admitted were also followed up (non-GDM group). Related clinical parameters of the offspring in both two groups were collected and analysed. Results: Compared with non-GDM mothers, GDM mothers had significantly higher serum fasting glucose (5.71 ± 0.95 vs. 5.3 ± 0.96 mmol/L) and triglyceride level (1.89 ± 0.68 vs. 1.68 ± 0.56 mmol/L), and there were more patients with overweight or obesity (33.33% vs. 20.0%), waist circumference ≥ 85 cm (39.02% vs. 23.75%), fasting glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/L (28.46% vs. 13.75%), diastolic blood pressure ≥ 85 mmHg (18.70% vs. 6.25%) and metabolic syndrome (14.63% vs. 0.05%) (all Ps<0.05), respectively. The offspring in GDM group had higher serum fasting glucose and triglyceride and the percentage of the offspring with overweight or obesity (26.02% vs. 7.50%), fasting glucose ≥ 6.1 mmol/L (9.80% vs. 2.50%) and high triglyceride (12.19% vs. 3.75%) in GDM group was higher than that in non-GDM group (all Ps<0.05). Conclusions: The offspring of GDM mothers were prone to develop metabolic disorders including impaired glucose intolerance and hyperlipidemia, thus increasing the risk factors for cardiovascular disease.
Diabetes in racial and ethnic minorities in the United States: Individualizing approaches to diagnosis and management; Diabetes is a growing health epidemic in the United States. Racial and ethnic minorities are disproportionately affected by diabetes and associated comorbidities and complications. The present review article aims to characterize the various ways in which minority populations are affected by diabetes. We address differences in prevalence of diabetes and associated conditions that include cardiovascular disease, hypertension, microvascular complications, and mortality. Additionally, we discuss factors that contribute to disparate diabetes-related outcomes, including physiology, culture and healthsystems. Finally, we look at outcomes of various interventions taken to address health disparities in diabetes care, specifically in racial and ethnic minority populations.
Cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother. Usefulness of echocardiographic assessment; Background Cardiac involvement is one of the most important clinical manifestations of newborn of diabetic mother, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and congenital heart malformations occuring with an increased incidence in these newborn Objectives To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother. Methods Patients: 106 newborns of diabetic mothers (IDMs) investigated in the first week of life. Fetal echo was performed in 36 cases. Results Fetal echocardiography: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV)-9 cases. Clinical exam: a systolic murmur (32 cases), the other being cardiac asymptomatic. ECG: LV hypertrophy (19 cases). Rx. CT: cardiomegaly (12 cases). Echocardiography: non-obstructive septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) (42% cases), LV diastolic dysfunction and normal systolic function (52%), congenital cardiac anomalies: 14 cases. LV myocardial hypertrophy was correlated with inadequate control of diabetes. Control at 6-12 months (49 cases): normal morphological cardiac aspect (31) or significant reduction of HCMP (18), normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions IDMs presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, by cardiac congenital malformations (19%) or hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (42%). It is necessary an early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns. Echocardiography is the most sensitive method of diagnostic, useful for primary diagnostic and monitoring.
Obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal outcomes: A national cohort; Introduction: Pregnancy appears to be predispose to the development of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) due to dynamic physiologic changes. OSA has also been associated with adverse outcomes in pregnancy such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, both causes of short-term and long-term maternal cardiovascular and metabolic complications and adverse outcomes in the offspring. Objective: The goal of this study was to examine the association of a diagnosis of OSA with adverse maternal outcomes. Methods: The National Perinatal Information Center data -an organization with a charter membership from major perinatal centers in the United States- was used to identify women who had a pregnancy diagnosis between 2010 and 2014. Among these women, we used the international classification of Diseases, ninth revision for OSA diagnosis and other outcomes. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze demographic data. Multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to calculate adjusted odds ratios (aOR) and confidence intervals (CI). Results: The sample consisted of 1,577,632 pregnant women with an overall rate of OSA of 0.1%. Mothers with OSA were older (32.3 + 6.9 vs. 29.6 + 6 years, p<0.001), more likely to be Black (aOR 1.90; 95% CI 1.72-2.11, p<0.001) or smokers (aOR 1.72; 1.51-2.06 p<0.001). There was a significant association between OSA and pre-pregnancy hypertension (aOR 5.20; 4.69-5.77), diabetes (aOR 4.37; 3.81-5.01), coronary artery disease (aOR 7.74; 4.18-14.3) and chronic renal disease (aOR 2.49; 1.67-3.71), after adjusting for maternal obesity. There was also a significant association between OSA and gestational hypertensive disease and its complications after adjusting for maternal obesity: Preeclampsia (aOR 2.07; 95% CI 1.09-1.50), gestational hypertension (aOR 1.28; 1.09-1.50), ecclampsia (aOR 2.50; 1.75-3.56), acute renal failure (aOR 5.24, 3.33-8.33), pulmonary edema (aOR 9.92, 4.56-21.6) and stroke (aOR 8.25, 1.10-62.0). The risk of gestational diabetes was also significantly elevated (aOR 1.78, 1.59-2.00). Length of stay was significantly longer in women with OSA (5.1 + 5.6 vs. 3.0 + 3.0, p<0.001) and odds of an admission to the intensive care unit were higher (aOR 4.64, 4.03-5.35). Conclusion: Pregnant women with OSA are older, more likely to be African American and have a significantly higher risk of having morbid pre-pregnancy conditions and pregnancy-specific complications such as gestational hypertensive conditions and gestational diabetes. Pregnant women with OSA also have a longer length of stay and higher odds of an admission to the intensive care unit.
Pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in women with type 1 diabetes mellitus; AIM: The aim of study was to compare some perinatal outcomes in mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM).
The role of polycarbonate monomer bisphenol-A in insulin resistance; Bisphenol A (BPA) is a synthetic unit of polycarbonate polymers and epoxy resins, the types of plastics that could be found in essentially every human population and incorporated into almost every aspect of the modern human society. BPA polymers appear in a wide range of products, from liquid storages (plastic bottles, can and glass linings, water pipes and tanks) and food storages (plastics wraps and containers), to medical and dental devices. BPA polymers could be hydrolyzed spontaneously or in a photo-or temperature-catalyzed process, providing widespread environmental distribution and chronic exposure to the BPA monomer in contemporary human populations. Bisphenol A is also a xenoestrogen, an endocrine-disrupting chemical (EDC) that interferes with the endocrine system mimicking the effects of an estrogen and could potentially keep our endocrine system in a constant perturbation that parallels endocrine disruption arising during pregnancy, such as insulin resistance (IR). Gestational insulin resistance represents a natural biological phenomenon of higher insulin resistance in peripheral tissues of the pregnant females, when nutrients are increasingly being directed to the embryo instead of being stored in peripheral tissues. Gestational diabetes mellitus may appear in healthy non-diabetic females, due to gestational insulin resistance that leads to increased blood sugar levels and hyperinsulinemia (increased insulin production from the pancreatic beta cells). The hypothesis states that unnoticed and constant exposure to this environmental chemical might potentially lead to the formation of chronic low-level endocrine disruptive state that resembles gestational insulin resistance, which might contribute to the development of diabetes. The increasing body of evidence supports the major premises of this hypothesis, as exemplified by the numerous publications examining the association of BPA and insulin resistance, both epidemiological and mechanistic. However, to what extent BPA might contribute to the development of diabetes in the modern societies still remains unknown. In this review, I discuss the chemical properties of BPA and the sources of BPA contamination found in the environment and in human tissues. I provide an overview of mechanisms for the proposed role of bisphenol A in insulin resistance and diabetes, as well as other related diseases, such as cardiovascular diseases. I describe the transmission of BPA effects to the offspring and postulate that gender related differences might originate from differences in liver enzyme levels, such as UDP-glucuronosyltransferase, which is involved in BPA processing and its elimination from the organism. I discuss the molecular mechanisms of BPA action through nuclear and membrane-bound ER receptors, non-monotonic dose response, epigenetic modifications of the DNA and propose that chronic exposure to weak binders, such as BPA, may mimic the effects of strong binders, such as estrogens. 2017 Pjanic.
Perinatal taurine supplementation prevents metabolic and cardiovascular effects of maternal diabetes in adult rat offspring; This study tests the hypothesis that perinatal taurine supplementation prevents diabetes mellitus and hypertension in adult offspring of maternal diabetic rats. Female Wistar rats were fed normal rat chow and tap water with (Diabetes group) or without diabetic induction by intraperitoneal streptozotocin injection (Control group) before pregnancy. Then, they were supplemented with 3% taurine in water (Control+T and Diabetes+T groups) or water alone from conception to weaning. After weaning, both male and female offspring were fed normal rat chow and tap water throughout the study. Blood chemistry and cardiovascular parameters were studied in 16-week old rats. Body, heart, and kidney weights were not significantly different among the eight groups. Further, lipid profiles except triglyceride were not significantly different among male and female groups, while male Diabetes displayed increased fasting blood glucose, decreased plasma insulin, and increased plasma triglyceride compared to other groups. Compared to Control, mean arterial pressures significantly increased and baroreflex control of heart rate decreased in both male and female Diabetes, while heart rates significantly decreased in male but increased in female Diabetes group. Although perinatal taurine supplementation did not affect any measured parameters in Control groups, it abolished the adverse effects of maternal diabetes on fasting blood glucose, plasma insulin, lipid profiles, mean arterial pressure, heart rate, and baroreflex sensitivity in adult male and female offspring. The present study indicates that maternal diabetes mellitus induces metabolic and cardiovascular defects more in male than female adult offspring, and these adverse effects can be prevented by perinatal taurine supplementation.
Origins in the Womb: Potential Role of the Physical Therapist in Modulating the Deleterious Effects of Obesity on Maternal and Offspring Health Through Movement Promotion and Prescription During Pregnancy; Maternal obesity and associated metabolic disease contribute to adverse outcomes in women and their offspring, and many of these outcomes have significant acute and chronic implications for both mother and neonate. Targeted movement (ie, physical activity or exercise training) during pregnancy has been shown to be safe and effective for improving many of these outcomes in women at a healthy weight and women who are obese. However, movement prescription and advice during pregnancy are often not addressed by health care providers; this situation creates a unique opportunity for physical therapists to use their expertise in movement with patients who are pregnant. The objective of this article is to briefly review the adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity, the benefits of intentional maternal movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, the evidence-based guidelines for prescribing intentional movement during pregnancy for women who are obese, and the potential for physical therapists to become the driving force behind a necessary increase in movement levels in women who are pregnant. Physical therapists can play a significant role in encouraging movement in women who are healthy and women who have metabolic challenges during pregnancy and thus assist in combating the vicious cycle of obesity by improving maternal and offspring health.
Insulin receptor isoforms in physiology and disease: An updated view; The insulin receptor (IR) gene undergoes differential splicing that generates two IR isoforms, IR-A and IR-B. The physiological roles of IR isoforms are incompletely understood and appear to be determined by their different binding affinities for insulin-like growth factors, particularly for IGF-2. Predominant roles of IR-A in prenatal growth and development and of IR-B in metabolic regulation are well established. However, emerging evidence indicates that the differential expression of IR isoforms may also help explain the diversification of insulin and IGF signaling and actions in various organs and tissues, by involving not only different ligand binding affinities but also different membrane partitioning and trafficking and possibly different abilities to interact with a variety of molecular partners. Noteworthy, dysregulation of the IR-A:IR-B ratio is associated with insulin resistance, aging and increased proliferative activity of normal and neoplastic tissues, and appears to sustain detrimental effects. This review discusses novel information that has generated remarkable progress in our understanding of the physiology of IR isoforms and their role in disease. We will also focus on novel IR ligands and modulators that should now be considered as an important strategy for better and safer treatment of diabetes and cancer and possibly other IR-related diseases.
Evaluation of hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients as add on therapy; Background: Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the oldest common metabolic disorders characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperlipidemia, negative nitrogen balance, and ketonemia. It is a one of the most important pathological conditions associated with dyslipidemia that affects the whole body system. Several types of DM exist and result by a complex interaction of genes and drugs, gestational diabetes, environmental factors such as stress and sedentary lifestyle choices. DM is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease, coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular disease, nontraumatic lower extremity amputations, and adult blindness. Aims and Objectives: This study was conducted to evaluate the hypolipidemic effect of stem part of Berberis aristata in patients of Type 2 DM with dyslipidemia as add on therapy. Materials and Methods: A prospective randomized open parallel group study was conducted in total 90 patients having high fasting blood sugar (FBS) and dyslipidemia of either sex in the age group of 30-60 years attending of outpatient/indoor Department of Medicine of Muzaffarnagar Medical College and Hospital, Muzaffarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India. A total of 103 each Group 1 (N = 30) was taken as control while Group 2 (N = 30) and Group 3 (N = 30) was taken as study group who had received 1.5 and 3 g of B. aristata, respectively, as add on therapy along with their conventional antidiabetic and antihyperlipidemic (in certain number of patients) treatment. During the study, 13 patients (8 male and 5 female) did not complete the study and reason of premature withdrawal included protocol violation. Results: In our study, there were a statistically a highly significant improvement and stabilization of glycemic control in test Groups 2 and 3 when compared with control group (P < 0.01). In Groups 2 and 3, reduction of FBS level from 1 month onward. The mean high density lipoprotein level improved significantly in the Group 2 (P < 0.01) and highly significantly in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean total cholesterol level decreased no significantly in the Group 2 (P > 0.05) and highly significant in Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean triglyceride level decreased highly significantly in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. The mean low density lipoprotein level decreased highly significant in the Group 2 and Group 3 (P < 0.001) as compared to control. Conclusion: It can be concluded that B. aristata as an add on therapy in Type 2 DM patients has a beneficial role with regard to the hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia very safe as no major side effects were observed affecting morbidity and mortality. Hence, B. aristata as an add on therapy could represent a good treatment option before initiating insulin and hypolipidemic therapy in diabetic patient with suboptional glycemic and lipideimic control to avoid unwanted adverse effects and can cut down cost of treatment.
The mediterranan diet and diabesity; A considerable body of evidence from prospective studies supports the importance of individual nutrients, foods, and dietary patterns in the prevention and management of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and type 2 diabetes (T2D). The Mediterranean diet (MedDiet) is characterized by high intake of fruits, vegetables, legumes, fish, whole grains, nuts and olive oil; moderate consumption of dairy products and wine, and low intake of red and processed meat and foods with added sugars. We summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2D and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A meta-analysis of prospective studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDiet was associated with a significant reduction in the risk of T2D and gestational diabetes. Some studies have shown that the MedDiet may be effective in reducing insulin resistance. However, few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of the MedDiet on T2D and MetS management. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant 30% reduction in the risk of T2D and promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, some RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet compared with other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2D. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect various metabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods that make up the plant-based MedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathways that lead to MetS and T2D, as well as other chronic conditions. Since there are no clinical trials demonstrating that sustained weight loss over >2years with diet and changes in lifestyle reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD), we have also designed the PREDIMED-PLUS Study, a parallel group, multi-centre, randomised, primary prevention trial (PREDIMED-PLUS) on men and women aged between 55 and 75 years, with a body-mass-index ≥27 to <40 kg/m2 and meeting ≥3 criteria for the MetS. The objective of the present research is to compare the cardiovascular effect of two interventions: a) intensive weight-loss intervention on lifestyle program with hypocaloric MedDiet, physical activity and behavioural therapy, b) non intensive care with recommendations on MedDiet following the usual care of medical physicians. The principal end-points are a composite of major hard clinical cardiovascular events, and weight loss and weight maintenance at long term. In October 2017, 6,874 participants have been randomized to the trial. The final results will be available from 2020. We hypothesize that an intensive weight-loss lifestyle intervention, including physical activity, based on the traditional MedDiet is a sustainable long-term approach for weight reduction among overweight/obese adults and that the achieved lifestyle changes will exert beneficial effects on CVD incidence. The rationale for the proposed investigation is that it can provide a new, affordable, and sustainable approach to reduce excess cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, beyond what was already observed in the PREDIMED I trial.
Secondary fetal cardiopathy; Fetal cardiomyopathies are uncommon. Their echocardiographic presentations are as follows; (1) dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM) with dilatation of either or both ventricles and impaired ventricular function, and (2) hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) with different degree of disproportionate hypertrophy of the myocardial walls. Intrauterine loss may occur in one third of affected fetuses. Fetal echocardiography, B and M-mode is the main diagnostic tool. Systolic and diastolic fetal cardiac function assessments, including Doppler studies are required for hemodynamic evaluation. Fetal DCM can be isolated or associated with other cardiac and extracardiac malformations, as well as genetic, metabolic, and infective etiologies. The outcome of DCM is worse in presence of fetal hydrops, significant atrioventricular valve regurgitation, for the earlier age at presentation and when diastolic dysfunction is associated with systolic dysfunction. FetalHCMcan either be primary from heterogeneous intrinsic fetal pathology or from extrinsic factors (i.e. maternal diabetes). Many fetal HCM may regress completely after birth. Detailed evaluation of fetal and maternal conditions provides prognostic information for prenatal counseling and may lead to improved outcome of at least some affected pregnancies.
Clinical screening method and risk factors' analysis of congenital cardiovascular defects: A case control study from a Chinese local region; Aim: To explore the effective clinical screening method and risk factors of congenital heart disease (CHD) in neonates. Materials and Methods: The authors screened neonatal congenital heart diseases using eight clinical screening indexes and analyzed to acquire the simplest and most effective screening method. They also conducted a hospital-based 1:1 matched case (total 64 cases) - control study to analyze a series of underlying risk factors. Result: The eight clinical indexes are reliable screening means. The main risk factors influencing the incidence of CHD in the present samples were abnormal reproductive history (p = 0.008), negative stimulus (p = 0.075), upper respiratory infection (p = 0.06), diabetes mellitus (p = 0.058), high blood pressure (p = 0.041), husband's cigarette smoking (p = 0.001), and gravidity (p = 0.000). Conclusion: The eight clinical indexes were reliable means to screen CHD in neonates. Eliminating abortion or other abnormal reproduction, augmenting maternal mental healthcare, preventing upper respiratory tract infections, limiting medication during early pregnancy including antihypertensive agent, controlling blood glucose levels, and abstaining from cigarette may lower the occurrence of CHD.
Risk factors for perinatal birth defects in Zhangye: A long-term hospital-based study; Summary: To identify the factors contributing to birth defects using 18-year data for better intervention planning. Materials and Methods: A retrospective study was carried out using data collected from 169,155 perinatal infants at the city hospital of Zhangye from January 1996 to January 2012. Results: Among the infants, 289 had birth defects. Of them, 182 were detected before the birth with the incidence of 1.71% and detection rate of 62.98%; the perinatal mortality was 5.42%, while the mortality of defect infant was 175.42%. The most common defects were congenital heart disease, multiple finger (toe), cheiloschisis combined with palatochisis, and ear abnormalities. Univalent conditional logistic regression analysis showed that there were eight statistically significant risk maternal factors contributing to the birth defects, including fever, viral infection, gestational diabetes mellitus, hypertension, other disease, antibiotics, other drugs, and pesticide exposure in early pregnancy. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed that exposure to pesticides (OR = 14. 43), viral infection (OR = 7. 65), the use of other drugs (OR = 6. 69), and antibiotics (OR = 6. 55) were associated with the birth defects. Conclusion: It is clear that the birth defects can be reduced by taking precautionary measures before and during pregnancy, by prenatal diagnosis, and by proper treatment of the children with defects.
Gestational diabetes from A to Z; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of hyperglycaemia that is recognized for the first time during pregnancy. This definition includes cases of undiagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) identified early in pregnancy and true GDM which develops later. GDM constitutes a greater impact on diabetes epidemic as it carries a major risk of developing T2DM to the mother and foetus later in life. In addition, GDM has also been linked with cardiometabolic risk factors such as lipid abnormalities, hypertensive disorders and hyperinsulinemia. These might result in later development of cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. The understanding of the different risk factors, the pathophysiological mechanisms and the genetic factors of GDM, will help us to identify the women at risk, to develop effective preventive measures and to provide adequate management of the disease. Clinical trials have shown that T2DM can be prevented in women with prior GDM, by intensive lifestyle modification and by using pioglitazone and metformin. However, a matter of controversy surrounding both screening and management of GDM continues to emerge, despite several recent welldesigned clinical trials tackling these issues. The aim of this manuscript is to critically review GDM in a detailed and comprehensive manner, in order to provide a scientific analysis and updated write-up of different related aspects.
Hemoperitoneum in peripartum: A case-series; Hemorrhages are the first cause of perinatal deaths in French women. Thirteen percent of these deaths are not linked to obstetrical problems but rather to hemoperitoneum. These incidents are under-diagnosed and as a result, treatment is delayed and fetal and maternal mortality increases. We report three cases of patients, all White female in their last trimester of a non-problematic pregnancy presenting with hemoperitoneum and resulting in different outcomes. The analysis of published materials and of our cases leads us to infer that a diagnosis of hemoperitoneum must be considered in pregnant women when abdominal pain, symptoms of shock and a decrease in hemoglobin are associated. An immediate response and intensive care followed by hemostatic surgery give these patients the best chance to survive.
Clinical profile and pattern of congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mother and infants of non-diabetic mother at a tertiary care hospital; OBJECTIVES: To assess the clinical manifestations and pattern of congenital heart diseases (CHD) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) and infants of non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: A prospective cross sectional study was carried out at tertiary care center over a period of thirty months. All neonates were included in this study if CHD were identified by echocardiography within this study period. Chi-square test and Fisher's exact test were used to compare between groups. RESULT: Out of 62 neonates, IDMs and non-IDMs were equal in number, male and female ratio was 3 : 2, and majority were delivered by cesarean section (85.5%). Mean gestational age was 35 weeks, 62.3% were preterm, and 37.7% were term. Common clinical presentations were cardiac murmur (61%), and respiratory distress (43.5%). Less common presentations were lowSaO2 (27.4%), tachycardia (24.2%), and cyanosis (24.2%). Common combination of presentations were murmur and tachypnea (38.7%); cyanosis and lowSaO2 (24.19%); and lowSaO2 and tachypnea 15(24.19). Thecommonechocardiographic findings were atrial septal defect (ASD; 72.6%), patent ductus arteriosus (PDA; 45.2%), and ventricular septal defect (VSD; 25.8%). ASD (77.4% vs 67.7%) and VSD (35.5% vs 16.1%) were more in IDMs, and PDA (48.4% vs 41.9%) was more in non-IDMs. These differences were not significant between groups. CONCLUSION: Clinical presentation and echocardiographic findings of CHD were similar in IDMs and non-IDMs.
Syndrome X, C-reactive protein and proteinuria in newly diagnosed patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus-a cross-sectional study; INTRODUCTION:-Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is the commonest metabolic abnormality in the world. Type 2 diabetes, the commonest form of diabetes constitutes nearly 90% of diabetic population in any country. The Syndrome X consists of a constellation of metabolic abnormalities that confer increased risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus.Inflammation, as assessed by C-reactive protein (CRP) may be an important precursor of the syndrome X and type 2 diabetes.Syndrome X is a known risk factor for proteinuria in the general population. MATERIALS AND METHODS:-100 patients of newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes mellitus in the age group of 25-60 years were included in the study. Patients with Gestational diabetes mellitus were excluded from the study. RESULTS:- Of the 100 patients studied, 58 patients has syndrome X according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Among the studied subjects 33 males had increased WHR>0.90 (Normal <0.90), whereas all the females had WHR>0.85(Normal <0.85). Mean waist circumference in males with MS was 96.26±1.01 as compared to those without syndrome X (85.6±50.57) and mean waist circumference in females with MS was (90.3±40.68) as compared to those without syndrome X (75.63±0.25). Mean serum hs-CRP levels in patients with syndrome X was (6.35±1.07) as compared to those without syndrome X (7.09±1.30). Mean Proteinuria levels in patients with metabolic syndrome was (549.34±68.80) as compared to those without syndrome X (456.74±33.04). The mean Proteinuria level was markedly raised in patients of metabolic syndrome as compared to those without syndrome X. This difference was found to be markedly significant (p < 0.01). CONCLUSION:-In conclusion, considering that Syndrome X is a modifiable risk factor, early detection of syndrome X would be a cost-effective strategy to decrease the prevalence of proteinuria and chronic kidney disease in the general population.
Dynamic left ventricular changes in patients with gestational diabetes: A speckle tracking echocardiography study; PURPOSE: The left ventricle (LV) undergoes physiologic remodeling in adaptation to the hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations that have been utilized to assess myocardial changes in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) but not in patients with gestational DM (GDM). We seek to evaluate changes in LV function using STE in patients with GDM compared with women with normal pregnancy.
Obesity: Increasing risk of morbidity in children and adolescents: Determinants, consequences and prevention of childhood overweight and obesity; Over the recent years, the prevalence of childhood obesity has increased rapidly worldwide, likely as a result of complex interactions between genes, dietary intake, physical activity, and the environment. The determinants of childhood obesity is multifactorial and involves a complex relationship among various non-modifiable and modifiable factors. Apart from genetic factors, maternal obesity, gestational diabetes and adiposity rebound are some of the important non-modifiable factors. Evaluating modifiable factors contributing to obesity (weight gain during infancy, physical activity, diet, sleep, parental feeding practices, screentime, parental obesity and families from lower socioeconomic status) is an important step towards effective intervention. Childhood obesity is associated with significant short and long-term health and social consequences. Childhood obesity affects nearly every organ of the body. Short term health impacts such as hypertension, dyslipidaemia and insulin resistance (metabolic syndrome) which were earlier considered markers of adult cardiovascular disease, are now common among obese children. Long term health impacts of childhood obesity although less commonly seen by paediatrician, include premature cardiovascular diseases, type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (OSAS), infertility and orthopaedic pain. Prevention is more effective than treatment in dealing with the rising prevalence of childhood obesity. Roots of obesity can be traced to very early in life and appropriate prenatal and postnatal nutrition can help to reduce the risk of overweight/obesity in adulthood. Establishing healthy dietary and lifestyle habits after birth and throughout the childhood and adolescent period can help reduce the risk of childhood obesity. Child health clinics, school health screening programmes, as well as general paediatricians/family physicians are at the first line of defense even before the BMI crosses the acceptable range and hence play a crucial role in prevention and treatment of childhood obesity. Routine anthropometric measurement are essential during clinic visits to detect overweight/ obesity at an early stage, thus permitting necessary actions to be taken. Once the child's BMI crosses the overweight percentile, individualise interventions are critical for successful weight management. The Staged Approach recommended by the American Academy of Paediatrics (AAP) involves multi- disciplinary team as early as Stage 2. The need for multi-disciplinary team involvement increases as the problem escalate.
Left ventricular mass in offspring of diabetic mothers: At 5-7 years old; Background: Newborns of diabetic mothers have increased risk for cardiac left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy. Diabetic pregnancy is also associated with increased risk for obesity and hypertension, as well as for later cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Objectives: This study aimed to see the interaction between being the offspring of a diabetic pregnancy, hypertension and obesity to the risk to have increased left ventricular mass (LVM) and altered LV geometry in childhood. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study on 23 offspring of diabetic mothers and 23 sex and age matched control children at the age of 5-7 years old. LVM and LV geometry were assessed using M-mode echocardiography and indexed for height2.7. Data analyses were adjusted for birth weight, current overweight/ obesity status and blood pressure. Results: Prevalence of increased LVM/height2.7 was higher in children of diabetic mothers, i.e 43.5% vs. 8.7% in the control group, RR (95%CI) 5.0 (1.2-20.4), p < 0.007. The association between maternal diabetes and increased LVM persisted after adjustment for age, sex, birth weight, current overweight/ obesity status and blood pressure, regression coefficient (95%CI): 5.7 (1.4-10.1), p=0.01. Together, maternal diabetes, overweight/ obesity status and blood pressure contributed 50% to the increase. Children of diabetic mothers were more likely to have altered LV geometry, RR (95%CI) 6.0 (1.5-23.9), p < 0.001. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for increased LVM and altered LV geometry in childhood.
Disparities in chronic conditions among women hospitalized for delivery in the United States, 2005-2014; OBJECTIVE: To estimate trends in the prevalence and socioeconomic distribution of chronic conditions among women hospitalized for obstetric delivery in the United States. METHODS: A retrospective, serial cross-sectional analysis was conducted using 2005-2014 data from the National Inpatient Sample. We estimated the prevalence of eight common, chronic conditions, each associated with obstetric morbidity and mortality, among all childbearing women and then across socioeconomic predictors of obstetric outcomes. Differences over time were measured and compared across rural and urban residence, income, and payer subgroups for each condition. RESULTS: We identified 8,193,707 delivery hospitalizations, representing 39,273,417 delivery hospitalizations occurring nationally between 2005 and 2014. Identification of at least one chronic condition increased significantly between 2005-2006 and 2013-2014 (66.9 per 1,000 delivery hospitalizations in 2005-2006 compared with 91.8 per 1,000 delivery hospitalizations in 2013-2014). The prevalence of multiple chronic conditions also increased during the study period, from 4.7 (95% CI 4.2-5.2) to 8.1 (95% CI 7.8-8.4) per 1,000 delivery hospitalizations between 2005-2006 and 2013-2014. Chronic respiratory disease, chronic hypertension, substance use disorders, and pre-existing diabetes were the disorders with the greatest increases in prevalence over time. Increasing disparities over time were identified across all socioeconomic subgroups analyzed including rural compared with urban residence, income, and payer. Key areas of concern include the rate at which substance use disorders rose among rural women and the disproportionate burden of each condition among women from the lowest income communities and among women with Medicaid as their primary payer. CONCLUSION: Between 2005-2006 and 2013-2014, the prevalence of chronic conditions increased across all segments of the childbearing population. Widening disparities were identified over time with key areas of concern including disproportionate, progressive increases in the burden of chronic conditions among women from rural and low-income communities and those with deliveries funded by Medicaid.
Disparities in care for publicly insured women with pregestational diabetes; Objective: To investigate the association among public health insurance, preconception care, and pregnancy outcomes in pregnant women with pregestational diabetes. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort of pregnant women with pregestational type 1 or type 2 diabetes from 2006 to 2011 in Massachusetts-a state with universal insurance coverage since 2006. Women delivering after 24 weeks of gestation and receiving endocrinology and obstetric care in a multidisciplinary clinic were included. Rates of preconception consultation, our primary outcome of interest, were then compared between publicly and privately insured women. We used univariate analysis followed by logistic regression to compare receipt of preconception consultation and other secondary diabetes care measures and pregnancy outcomes according to insurance status. Results: Fifty-four percent (n=106) of 197 women had public insurance. Publicly insured women were younger (median age 30.4 compared with 35.3 years, P<.01) with lower rates of college education (12.3% compared with 45.1%, P<.01). Women with public insurance were less likely to receive a preconception consult (5.7% compared with 31.9%, P<.01), had lower rates of hemoglobin A1C less than 6% at the onset of pregnancy (37.2% compared with 58.4%, P=.01), and experienced higher rates of pregnancies affected by congenital anomalies (10.4% compared with 2.2%, P=.02) compared with those with private insurance. In adjusted analyses controlling for educational attainment, maternal age, and body mass index, women with public insurance were less likely to receive a preconception consult (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 0.21, 95% CI 0.08-0.58), although the odds of achieving the target hemoglobin A1C (adjusted OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.20-1.02) and congenital anomaly (adjusted OR 2.23, 95% CI 0.37-13.41) were similar after adjustment. Conclusion: Despite continuous access to health insurance, publicly insured women were less likely than privately insured women to receive a preconception consult-an evidence-based intervention known to improve pregnancy outcomes. Improving use of preconception care among publicly insured women with diabetes is critical to reducing disparities in outcomes.
Trial of labor compared with cesarean delivery in superobese women; Objective: To examine whether labor compared with planned cesarean delivery is associated with increased maternal and neonatal morbidity. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study of all women with body mass indexes (BMIs) at delivery of 50 or greater delivering a live fetus at 34 weeks of gestation of greater between January 1, 2008, and December 31, 2015. Pregnancies with multiple gestations and major fetal anomalies were excluded. The primary outcome was a composite of maternal and neonatal morbidity and was estimated to be 50% in superobese women based on institutional data. A sample size of 338 women determined the study period and was selected to show a 30% difference in the incidence of the primary outcome between the two groups. Multivariate logistic regression adjusted for potential confounders. Results: There were 344 women with BMIs of 50 or greater who met eligibility criteria, of whom 201 (58%) labored and 143 (42%) underwent planned cesarean delivery. Women who labored were younger, more likely to be nulliparous, and less likely to have pre-existing diabetes. Among women who labored, 45% underwent a cesarean delivery, most commonly for labor arrest (61%) or nonreassuring fetal status (28%). Composite maternal and neonatal morbidity was reduced among women who labored even after adjusting for age, parity, pre-existing diabetes, and prior cesarean delivery (adjusted odds ratio 0.42, 95% CI 0.24-0.75). In the subgroup of women (n=234) who underwent a cesarean delivery, whether planned (n=143) or after labor (n=91), there were no differences in maternal and neonatal morbidity except that severe maternal morbidity was increased in women (n=12) who labored (8.8% compared with 2.1%, relative risk 4.2, 95% CI 1.14-15.4). Conclusion: Despite high rates of cesarean delivery in women with superobesity, labor is associated with lower composite maternal and neonatal morbidity. Severe maternal morbidity may be higher in women who require a cesarean delivery after labor.
First-trimester serum fatty acid-binding protein 4 and subsequent gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To examine whether plasma fatty acidbinding protein 4 concentrations, measured in the first trimester, are associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: This prospective, multicenter cohort study was conducted at three maternity centers in two cities (Harbin and Beijing) in China from July 2015 to June 2016. Data for fasting plasma glucose and fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations in the first trimester and onestep GDM screening with a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test performed between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation were collected and analyzed. Results: Plasma from women in the first trimester was available for 1,150 women, of whom 135 (11.7%) developed GDM. The GDM distribution across the fatty acid-binding protein 4 quartiles ranged from 3.8% (first quartile) to 21.6% (fourth quartile). In multivariate models comparing the second (quartile 2), third, and fourth quartiles against the first quartile of fatty acid-binding protein 4, concentrations of fatty acid-binding protein 4 in quartile 2, quartile 3, and quartile 4 were associated with the development of GDM with respective associated adjusted odds ratios (95% CIs) of 1.76 (1.21-2.58), 2.36 (1.55-4.29), and 3.57 (1.99- 6.11). A significant difference in the area under receiver operating characteristic curve between established risk factors alone and the addition of fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations was observed (difference 0.042 [95% CI 0.028-0.055]; P=.03). Conclusions: Higher fatty acid-binding protein 4 concentrations in the first trimester visit were associated with increased risk of GDM and might be useful in identifying women at risk for GDM for early prevention strategies.
The method of insulin administration and perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes; We have studied the influence of the method of insulin administration on perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM) at the same level of glycated hemoglobin. Prospective comparative investigation included 31 pregnant women with type 1 DM. Depending on the method of insulin administration, patients were divided into two groups. In group 1 (n = 13), insulin was administered by continuous subcutaneous infusion (CSII), while group 2 (n = 18) used the mode of multiple insulin injections (MDI). Maternity groups did not differ in age, social status, parity, body mass index before pregnancy, level of blood pressure, duration of type 1 DM, presence of vascular diabetes-related complications, and levels of glycated hemoglobin. Preterm delivery occurred more frequently in patients of MDI group (66.7% vs. 46.2%, p 0.05). Cases of birth weight 90th percentile are more common in newborns from MDI mothers (77.8% vs. 30.8%,p = 0.025). Hyperbilirubinemia was more frequent in children from MDI mothers (72.2% vs. 23.0%,P = 0.02). Diabetic fetopathy was detected in 38.5% of infants from CSII group and 83.3% from MDI group (p = 0.048). Intensive care needed 92.3% of newborns from CSII mothers and 100.0% of children from MDI mothers (p 0.05). In the second phase of rehabilitation, 76.9% of children were transferred from CSII mothers and 94.4% of children from MDI mothers (p 0.05). The obtained results showed that the same level of glycated hemoglobin in pregnant women with type 1 DM using CSII decreased the incidence of preterm delivery, macrosomia, and hyperbilirubinemia in infants, and diabetic fetopathy as compared to those in MDI group. Children from CSII mothers rarely needed intensive care and transfer to the second stage of rehabilitation and went home earlier than the children of MDI mothers.
Association between SHBG & hs-CRP-A novel surrogate marker of Preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia affects 3-5% of pregnancies. A woman in a developing country is seven times more likely to develop preeclampsia than in a developed country. 10-25% of these cases result in maternal death. In these disorders, placental ischemia and inflammation occur due to impaired trophoblastic invasion in uterine spiral artery. Inflammatory mediators released from ischemic placenta into the circulation lead to insulin resistance which further leads to endothelial dysfunction and hypertension. Research has proved that SHBG levels follow insulin trajectories. Objectives: a. To evaluate levels of inflammatory markers High sensitive C- reactive protein (hs- CRP) and Sex Hormone Binding Globulin (SHBG) in maternal circulation in normal and pre-eclamptic pregnancies. b. To study the possible relation between maternal hs-CRP and SHBG in normal and pre-eclamptic pregnancies. Methods: A case control study of 60 subjects (30 preeclamptic primigravida and 30 age matched healthy pregnancies). Serum SHBG was measured by chemiluminescence and hs-CRP by immunoturbidimetric method. Inclusion Criteria a. Preeclamptic primigravida of gestational age above 20 weeks. b. The diagnosis of preeclampsia was made according to the criteria by ACOG 1. Blood pressure higher than 140/90 mmHg 2. Edema 3. Proteinuria >300mg/24 hour or 1+dipstick method after 20th weeks of gestation. Exclusion criteria a. Patients with history of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, Essential Hypertension, Diabetes Mellitus and other Cardio-Vascular diseases b. Patients with history of Hypothyroidism, Inflammatory Diseases or patient on Corticosteroid Therapy. Reference Intervals: SHBG - 216-724mmol/l in third trimester hs-CRP- <0.5mg/dl Results Serum SHBG levels were significantly decreased in women with preeclampsia when compared with controls (p value < 0.001). Levels of hs-CRP increased significantly in women with preeclampsia when compared with controls ( p value < 0.0001) . SHBG correlated significantly negatively with markers of severity of disease like SBP,DBP and uric acid. hs-CRP correlated significantly positively with SBP,DBP , uric acid. SHBG and hs-CRP had a significant (p=0.001) negative correlation with each other. By ROC analysis, hs-CRP has significant cut off points of > 0.26 with sensitivity of 90 and specificity of 73.33 that is if the value is > 0.26 then there is significantly high risk disease. SHBG has significant cut off point ≤ 525.4 with sensitivity of 80 and specificity of 60. In univariate logistic regression for disease as dependent variable, with the increase in SHBG by 1 unit, risk disease significantly decrease by 5% with p value 0.06. With increase in hs-CRP by 0.01 unit, risk of disease significantly increases by 88.19% with p value 0.005. Conclusion Increased levels of hs-CRP and decreased levels of SHBG are considered as supportive diagnostic tools in preeclampsia along with conventional markers. Since women with preeclampsia have a 1.5 to 2 times higher risk of developing heart disease later in life, hs-CRP and SHBG can also serve as indicators of future risk of cardiovascular diseases in these patient groups. Insulin resistance appears to be a potential mechanism linking preeclampsia and prospective risk of cardiovascular diseases.
Patient care standards for primary mitochondrial disease: A consensus statement from the mitochondrial medicine society; The purpose of this statement is to provide consensus-based recommendations for optimal management and care for patients with primary mitochondrial disease. This statement is intended for physicians who are engaged in the diagnosis and management of these patients. Working group members were appointed by the Mitochondrial Medicine Society. The panel included members with several different areas of expertise. The panel members utilized surveys and the Delphi method to reach consensus. We anticipate that this statement will need to be updated as the field continues to evolve. Consensus-based recommendations are provided for the routine care and management of patients with primary genetic mitochondrial disease.
Noncardiogenic pulmonary edema after cesarean section; Acute dyspnea during and after pregnancy should bring a number of important conditions to the mind of a physician. Pulmonary embolism, amniotic fluid embolism, pneumonia, aspiration and pulmonary edema must be considered. Although pulmonary edema is a very rare condition, the most common contributing factors include the administration of tocolytic agents, underlying cardiac disease, iatrogenic fluid overload and preeclampsia. We report on a case of noncardiogenic pulmonary edema in a 36-year-old woman a few hours after cesarean section. The acute event was probably due to iatrogenic fluid overload combined with hemodynamic effects of oxytocin in interaction with hemodynamic changes at the end of pregnancy. The patient was successfully treated with diuretics and oxygen therapy, and after a few hours her chest radiograph and respiratory status were normal.
Pregnancy after bariatric surgery: Improving outcomes for mother and child; The significant increase in the prevalence of obesity has led to an increase in the number of obese women who become pregnant. In this setting, in recent years, there has been an exponential rise in the number of bariatric procedures, with approximately half of them performed in women of childbearing age, and a remarkable surge in the number of women who become pregnant after having undergone bariatric surgery (BS). These procedures entail the risk of nutritional deficiencies, and nutrition is a crucial aspect during pregnancy. Therefore, knowledge and awareness of the consequences of these techniques on maternal and fetal outcomes is essential. Current evidence suggests a better overall obstetric outcome after BS, in comparison to morbid obese women managed conservatively, with a reduction in the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy-associated hypertensive disorders, macrosomia, and congenital defects. However, the risk of potential maternal nutritional deficiencies and newborns small for gestational age cannot be overlooked. Results concerning the incidence of preterm delivery and the number of C-sections are less consistent. In this paper, we review the updated evidence regarding the impact of BS on pregnancy.
Fertility Treatments in Women Who Become Pregnant and Carried to Viability, and the Risk for Long-Term Maternal Cardiovascular Morbidity; Objective The objective of this study was to investigate whether patients who undergo fertility treatments (ovulation induction or in vitro fertilization) have an increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. Design A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a cohort of women with and without a previous exposure to fertility treatments. Deliveries occurred during a 25-year period, with a mean follow-up of 11.7 years. Women with known cardiovascular disease and congenital cardiovascular malformations diagnosed before the index pregnancy and multiple pregnancies were excluded. Results During the study period, 99,291 patients met the inclusion criteria; 4.1% (n = 4,153) occurred in patients with exposure to fertility treatments. Patients with exposure to fertility treatments did not have higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity. Using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve, patients with an exposure to fertility treatments had no higher cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Using a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for confounders such as preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, and obesity, exposure to fertility treatments remained unassociated with cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted hazard ratio = 1.1; 95% confidence interval, 0.9-1.3; p = 0.441). Conclusion In our population, during a mean follow-up period of 11.7, results showed no increased risk for cardiovascular morbidity in women undergoing fertility treatments.
Obesity and the Critical Care Pregnant Patient; The rise of obesity among gravid women has been tracked and documented in many first-world countries, but a dramatic rise has been noted over the last 15 years. Definitions of “normal-weight, overweight and obese” have been defined; however, new terms are used to describe more severe degrees of obesity. Obesity in any form or degree increases morbidities in mothers. The unique physiologic characteristics of the obese gravida set up unique challenges in her management, especially in an acute setting such as labor. The definitions, trends, and management decisions pertaining to the obese parturient will be described in this review.
Persistent fifth arch anomalies – broadening the spectrum to include a variation of double aortic arch vascular ring; Fifth arch anomalies are rare and complex and frequently misdiagnosed or mistaken for other entities. We report a double arch vascular ring that is thought to consist of right fourth arch and left fifth arch components, a previously undescribed persistent fifth arch variant. The currently recognized spectrum and classification of fifth arch vascular anomalies are expanded along with illustrative images to justify the proposed changes. Reviewing and expanding the classification of fifth arch anomalies to include a double arch ring variant will promote recognition, correct diagnosis and appropriate management of these anomalies.
Sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy: Food for thought; The last few years have witnessed a number of publications linking sleep disordered breathing to adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in various populations. Associations with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and growth restriction have been consistent across many studies. Though the manuscripts reviewed here consist mostly of preliminary data and need further confirmation, the studies have highlighted new directions in the assessment of the impact of sleep disordered breathing and pregnancy, and paved the way for new fields of research in this area.
Metformin: From Research to Clinical Practice; Metformin is the recommended first-line oral glucose-lowering drug initiated to control hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. It acts in the liver, small intestines, and skeletal muscles with its major effect on decreasing hepatic gluconeogenesis. It is safe, inexpensive, and weight neutral and can be associated with weight loss. It can reduce microvascular complication risk and its use is associated with a lower cardiovascular mortality compared with sulfonylurea therapy. It is also used to delay the onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus, in treating gestational diabetes, and in women with polycystic ovary syndrome.
Raspberry Leaf and Hypoglycemia in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; BACKGROUND: Raspberry leaf is commonly consumed by pregnant women. Hypoglycemic effects have been documented with other species within the plant family. Whether raspberry leaf affects glycemic control in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is unknown. CASE: A 38-year-old nulliparous woman with GDM developed hypoglycemia requiring lowered insulin dose after consuming raspberry leaf tea at 32 weeks of gestation. The temporal relationship was confirmed by the patient's self-withdrawal and reintroduction of the herb. Fetal surveillance and growth were reassuring. A cesarean delivery was performed at 39 weeks of gestation. The neonate did not experience hypoglycemia or other complications. Placental biopsy revealed normal findings. CONCLUSION: Consumption of raspberry leaf may lead to reduced insulin requirements in GDM. Women with GDM should be cautioned about its use and their glucose levels more closely monitored.
Perimortem caesarean section: Two cases performed in New Zealand hospitals; Perimortem caesarean section is a term many obstetricians are familiar with despite few encountering it first-hand. It is estimated the intervention will be needed every 53 000 maternities. Despite this rarity it is vital clinicians are trained in detecting and intervening where perimortem caesarean is required. In New Zealand eight perimortem caesareans were performed from 2006 to 2013. Here we discuss two perimortem caesarean sections performed in two New Zealand hospitals alongside current guidance and recommendations.
Oxidized LDL, insulin resistance and central blood pressure after gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an indicator of future cardiovascular disease. We investigated whether sensitive biomarkers of increased cardiovascular risk differ between women with and without a history of GDM few years after pregnancy, and whether obesity affects the results. Material and methods: We studied two cohorts – 120 women with a history of GDM and 120 controls, on average 3.7 years after delivery. Circulating concentrations of oxidized low-density lipoprotein (oxLDL) were determined by ELISA. The homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) index was used to estimate insulin resistance. Central blood pressure (cBP) was measured noninvasively from a radial artery pulse wave. The primary outcomes were possible differences in oxLDL, HOMA-IR or cBP between the groups. Secondly, we investigated the influence of obesity on the results, also using adjusted multiple linear regression analyses. Results: OxLDL concentrations or cBP did not differ between the two cohorts, but HOMA-IR was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than in controls, 1.3 ± 0.9 (SD) and 1.1 ± 0.9, respectively (p = 0.022). In subgroup analyses, HOMA-IR (p < 0.001), systolic (p < 0.001) and diastolic (p < 0.001) cBP were significantly higher in obese subgroups compared with non-obese ones. Body mass index was an important determinant of HOMA-IR and cBP in multiple linear regression analyses. Conclusions: Over 3 years after delivery, women with GDM were still more insulin-resistant than controls. Obesity turned out to be a more important determinant of insulin resistance and cBP compared with GDM.
Preconceptional and maternal obesity: epidemiology and health consequences; Obesity in women of reproductive age is increasing in prevelance worldwide. Obesity reduces fertility and increases time taken to conceive, and obesity-related comorbidities (such as type 2 diabetes and chronic hypertension) heighten the risk of adverse outcomes for mother and child if the woman becomes pregnant. Pregnant women who are obese are more likely to have early pregnancy loss, and have increased risk of congenital fetal malformations, delivery of large for gestational age infants, shoulder dystocia, spontaneous and medically indicated premature birth, and stillbirth. Late pregnancy complications include gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, both of which are associated with long-term morbidities post partum. Women with obesity can also experience difficulties during labour and delivery, and are more at risk of post-partum haemorrhage. Long-term health risks are associated with weight retention after delivery, and inherent complications for the next pregnancy. The wellbeing of the next generation is also compromised. All these health issues could be avoided by prevention of obesity among women of reproductive age, which should be viewed as a global public health priority. For women who are already obese, renewed efforts should be made towards improved management during pregnancy, especially of blood glucose, and increased attention to post-partum weight management. Effective interventions, tailored to ethnicity and culture, are needed at each of these stages to improve the health of women and their children in the context of the global obesity epidemic.
Clinical management of pregnancy in the obese mother: before conception, during pregnancy, and post partum; The global epidemic of obesity has led to an increasing number of obese women of reproductive age. Obesity is associated with reduced fertility, and pregnancies complicated by maternal obesity are associated with adverse outcomes, including increased risk of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, preterm birth, instrumental and caesarean births, infections, and post-partum haemorrhage. The medical and obstetric management of obese women is focused on identifying, addressing, and preventing some of these associated complications, and is a daunting challenge given the high percentage of patients with obesity and few therapeutic options proven to improve outcomes in this population. The UK's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend that all pregnant women follow a healthy diet, and consider at least half an hour of moderate physical activity per day during pregnancy. However, although obese women are often directed to seek the advice of a nutritionist and to limit gestational weight gain, guidelines for the management of pregnancy and delivery in this high-risk group are lacking. The post-partum period represents an important opportunity to optimise maternal health before the next pregnancy. As many of the physiological changes of pregnancy associated with maternal obesity are present from early pregnancy onward, reducing maternal obesity before conception is probably the best strategy to decrease the health burden associated with maternal obesity.
The association of family history of premature cardiovascular disease or diabetes mellitus on the occurrence of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes; Background: Gestational hypertensive diseases (GHD) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, the association between gestational medical diseases and familial history of CVD has not been investigated to date. In the present study, we examined the association between familial history of CVD and GHD or GDM via reliable questionnaires in a large cohort of registered nurses. Methods: The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through a web-based computer-assisted self-interview, which was developed through consultation with cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who reliably answered the questionnaires including family history of premature CVD (FHpCVD), hypertension (FHH), and diabetes mellitus (FHDM) based on their medical knowledge. Either multivariable logistic regression analysis or generalized estimation equation was used to clarify the effect of positive family histories on GHD and GDM in subjects or at each repeated pregnancy in an individual. Results: In this survey, 3,695 subjects had at least 1 pregnancy and 8,783 cumulative pregnancies. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) experienced GHD and 120 (3.1%) experienced GDM. In a multivariable analysis adjusted for age, obstetric, and gynecologic variables, age at the first pregnancy over 35 years (adjusted OR 1.61, 95% CI 1.02-2.43) and FHpCVD (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.16-2.22) were risk factors for GHD in individuals, whereas FHH was not. FHDM and history of infertility therapy were risk factors for GDM in individuals (adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.86-3.86; 1.84, 95% CI 1.05-3.23, respectively). In any repeated pregnancies in an individual, age at the current pregnancy and at the first pregnancy, and FHpCVD were risk factors for GHD, while age at the current pregnancy, history of infertility therapy, and FHDM were risk factors for GDM. Conclusions: The FHpCVD and FHDM are significantly associated with GHD and GDM, respectively. Meticulous family histories should be obtained, and women with family histories of these conditions should be carefully monitored during pregnancy.
Prevention of preterm birth complications by antenatal corticosteroid administration; Objective To evaluate short- and long-term benefits and risks associated with antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids and the related strategies: multiple and rescue courses. Methods The PubMed database, the Cochrane Library and the recommendations from the French and foreign obstetrical societies or colleges have been consulted. Results Antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids before 34 weeks of gestation is associated in the neonatal period with a significant reduction of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH), necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) and death (LE1), and in possibly childhood with a reduction of cerebral palsy and increased psychomotor development index and intact survival (LE3). However, this treatment is associated with alterations of the HPA axis response persisting until 8 weeks after birth (LE2) and possibly with insulin resistance in adulthood (LE3). Antenatal corticosteroid administration after 34 weeks is associated, with high number needed to treat, with reduced respiratory morbidity (LE2), with no significant effect on neurological (LE2) or digestive (LE2) morbidities. Because of a very favourable benefit/risk balance, antenatal administration of a single course of corticosteroids is recommended for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks (grade A). The minimum gestational age for treatment will depend on the threshold chosen to start neonatal intensive care in maternity units and perinatal networks (Professional consensus). After 34 weeks, evidences are not consistent enough to recommend systematic antenatal corticosteroid treatment (grade B), however, a course might be indicated in the clinical situations associated with the higher risk of “severe” RDS, mainly in case of planned cesarean delivery (grade C). In case of imminent preterm birth, pre-empting the second betamethasone injection is not recommended (grade C), because this policy might be associated with increased rates of NEC (LE3). Repeated antenatal corticosteroid administration is associated in the neonatal period with respiratory benefits (LE1) but decreased birth weight (LE1) and, in childhood, with possible neurological impairment (LE2). Therefore, this strategy is not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are only associated with neonatal respiratory benefits (LE2). Because of the possible adverse effects associated with this strategy when delivery occurs during the 24 hours following the first injection and because of the doubts raised by repeated courses, rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus). It is not possible to recommend one corticosteroid (betamethasone or dexamethasone) over another (Professional consensus). In case of contraindication for the intramuscular (IM) route, the intravenous route might be proposed (Professional consensus). The oral route is not recommended (grade A) because of increased rates of IVH and neonatal sepsis in comparison with the IM route (LE1). Either betamethasone as 2 injections of 12 mg 24 hours apart or dexamethasone as 4 injections of 6 mg 12 hours apart is recommended (grade A). Antenatal corticosteroid-induced alterations of fetal heart rate and movements should be recognized by the care providers of women at risk of preterm birth to avoid unjustified decision of labor induction or cesarean (Professional consensus). Gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes are not contraindication to antenatal corticosteroid therapy (Professional consensus). However, caution should be exercised in women with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes (Professional consensus). The apprehension to provoke maternal or neonatal infection should not delay antenatal corticosteroid administration even in case of preterm premature rupture of membranes (grade A). Conclusion Antenatal corticosteroid administration is recommended to every woman at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation (grade A). Repeated courses of antenatal corticosteroids are not recommended (grade A). Rescue courses are not recommended (Professional consensus).
A novel homozygous mutation in the KCNJ11 gene of a neonate with congenital hyperinsulinism and successful management with sirolimus; Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is the most common cause of neonatal persistent hypoglycemia caused by mutations in nine known genes. Early diagnosis and treatment are important to prevent brain injury. The clinical presentation and response to pharmacological therapy may vary depending on the underlying pathology. Genetic analysis is important in the diagnosis, treatment, patient follow-up, and prediction of recurrence risk within families. Our patient had severe hypoglycemia and seizure following birth. His diagnostic evaluations including genetic testing confirmed CHI. He was treated with a high-glucose infusion, high-dose diazoxide, nifedipine, and glucagon infusion. A novel homozygous mutation (p.F315I) in the KCNJ11 gene, leading to diazoxide-unresponsive CHI, was identified. Both parents were heterozygous for this mutation. Our patient’s clinical course was complicated by severe refractory hypoglycemia; he was successfully managed with sirolimus and surgical intervention was not required. Diazoxide, nifedipine, and glucagon were discontinued gradually following sirolimus therapy. The patient was discharged at 2 months of age on low-dose octreotide and sirolimus. His outpatient clinical follow-up continues with no episodes of hypoglycemia. We present a novel homozygous p.F315I mutation in the KCNJ11 gene leading to diazoxide-unresponsive CHI in a neonate. This case illustrates the challenges associated with the diagnosis and management of CHI, as well as the successful therapy with sirolimus.
Fetal heart monitor tracing in a pregnancy complicated by a ruptured fetal vessel on the placenta: A case report; BACKGROUND: This report describes the fetal heart rate (FHR) tracing in a pregnancy complicated by antenatal spontaneous rupture of fetal vessels on the placental surface that resulted in a live birth. CASE: A 36-year-old woman, G2P1001, was being followed with weekly antenatal testing for gestational diabetes type A2 on insulin with possible intrauterine growth restriction. She presented for an office visit at 37.5 weeks’ gestation with a complaint of decreased fetal movement. The FHR pattern demonstrated minimal baseline variability with an occasional spontaneous deceleration not associated with a contraction, an absence of recurrent decelerations, and no accelerations. The antenatal evaluation is discussed, and portions of the FHR tracing and the placental findings at delivery are provided. CONCLUSION: The FHR pattern did not fit with what is usually depicted with uteroplacental insufficiency or umbilical cord entrapment. In addition, even though the fetus is anemic, the process may occur too quickly for a sinusoidal pattern to develop.
Turner's syndrome and pregnancy: A case report and discussion of management; Background Turner's syndrome is one of the most common chromosomal abnormalities, occurring in 1 in 2500 live female births, caused by complete or partial absence of one of the two X chromosomes. There are a number of typical characteristics but the primary feature of Turner's syndrome is gonadal dysgenesis. Spontaneous puberty occurs in only 5-10% of women. A very small number can become pregnant spontaneously but in most cases IVF with egg donation is required. Case A 28-year-old woman with Turner's syndrome presented to our service with a positive pregnancy test and a viable intrauterine pregnancy. The patient had stopped taking her Hormone Replacement Therapy 3 months earlier of her own accord. She was diagnosed with Turner's syndrome 7 years ago following a presentation with secondary amenorrhoea. Conclusion Pregnancy can be very high risk in Turner's syndrome and preconception counselling is essential to optimise the condition. Maternal risks of pregnancy include pregnancy induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, obstetric cholestasis, aortic dissection and heart failure. Fetal risks include miscarriage, chromosomal abnormalities (particularly T21), intrauterine growth restriction, prematurity and perinatal mortality. Caesarean section rate can be up to 85% due to cephalopelvic disproportion resulting from stunted growth and an underdeveloped pelvis as well as other maternal and fetal complications. Antenatal management requires a multidisciplinary approach and involves low dose aspirin, glucose tolerance test, regular echocardiogram with particular attention to the aortic root +/- cardiac MRI, monthly renal function tests, frequent BP and urine checks, and serial growth scans. Postnatal echocardiogram is also required. 1% of women with Turner's syndrome can become pregnant primarily due to mosaicism. Contraception for patients with Turner's syndrome should be considered. Combined hormonal contraception will serve as both contraception and HRT. Preconception assessment is essential to minimise maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Fetal intrapericardial teratoma: natural history and management including successful in utero surgery; Background Intrapericardial teratoma is a rare, lethal tumor often detected in fetal life. Tumor mass and pericardial effusion cause cardiac tamponade that, if relieved, could be life-saving. Optimal timing of intervention and methods for effective fetal treatment are unknown. Objective We describe our single-center experience with fetal intrapericardial teratoma including the first report of successful in utero surgical resection with survival to term. Study Design We reviewed our database for suspected fetal intrapericardial teratoma. On fetal ultrasound and echocardiography tumor size was estimated by calculation of an ellipse and analyzed in relation to Doppler-derived fetal cardiac output, venous flow patterns, hydrops, and outcome. Results Eight fetuses with suspected intrapericardial teratoma were seen from 2009 through 2015. Gestational age at initial presentation ranged from 21-34 (median 26) weeks. Two cases mimicked the appearance of intrapericardial teratoma, but had no serial change in cardiac output over time and were ultimately determined to be other types of tumor. In 6 cases of true intrapericardial teratoma, tumor growth was extremely rapid and associated with progressive decline in cardiac output (to <400 mL/kg/min) manifesting in hydrops and death if left untreated. One case was treated successfully at 31 weeks through ex utero intrapartum delivery with tumor resection while on placental support. Another case underwent open fetal surgery and resection at 24 weeks, with resumption of gestation until delivery at 37 weeks with excellent outcome. Conclusion Fetal intrapericardial teratoma can be successfully managed utilizing serial surveillance and by treatment in a timely manner prior to the predictable onset of hydrops, determined through increasing tumor size and a declining cardiac output. Surgical resection in utero is possible, with good results.
Mode of delivery and pregnancy outcome in women with congenital heart disease; Background: Advances in cardiac surgery and congenital cardiology have led to an increasing number of women with congenital heart disease (CHD) reaching childbearing age. In general, cardiologists recommend vaginal delivery for women with CHD to avoid complications from Caesarean section as many women with CHD tolerate vaginal delivery well. Methods and Results: This is a single-center study comparing mode of delivery, pregnancy outcome, indications for Caesarean section and induction of labor between women with and without CHD. A historical cohort study was conducted including 116 patients with CHD. An individual threefold matching with 348 women without CHD was carried out. Caesarean section was performed in 46.6% of pregnancies with CHD (33.6% without CHD, P = 0.012). Primary Caesarean section increases with severity of CHD (P = 0.036), 33.3% of women with CHD had primary planned Caesarean section due to cardiac reasons. Induction of labor was performed in 45.7% of attempted vaginal deliveries in women with CHD (27.9% without CHD, P = 0.001). Lower mean birth weight (P = 0.004) and Small for Gestational Age (SGA) (P < 0.001) were more common in women with CHD. One CHD patient suffered from postpartum hemorrhage. Conclusions: Concerns about maternal deterioration resulting in higher rates of induction of labor seem unjustified in most cases. Along with a possible reduction of Caesarean section on maternal request, a reduction of planned vaginal delivery may be expedient in reducing the rate of Caesarean section in women with CHD.
Altered circulation in fetuses of diabetic mothers: A fetal computational model analysis; Introduction: Maternal diabetes mellitus (MDM) is known to increase the risk of hypertension in the offspring. Myocardial structural and functional abnormalities are occur in fetuses of MDM (FMDM). However, it is not known if cardiovascular circulation is altered in these fetuses as a result of MDM. Purpose: The main purpose of this study was to explore the cardiovascular circulatory patterns in FMDM. Methods: This was a multi-institutional study involving FMDM with comparison to normal fetal controls (FC). Fetal echocardiographic Doppler derived data from left ventricular outflow tract, right ventricular outflow tract, aortic isthmus, middle cerebral artery and umbilical artery were fitted into a previously validated fetal cardiovascular system computational model to estimate the patient-specific placenta and vascular properties. Non-parameteric comparisons were made between resistances, compliances and flows in the brain, placenta and peripheral vascular beds in FMDM and FC using U Mann-Whitney test. Results: Data from 14 FMDM and 16 FC were fitted into the fetal computational model. The median gestational age (weeks) was similar in FMDM (26.6+2.8) and FC (27.6+2.7). The mean hemoglobin A1c of the mothers with DM was 6.1+0.8%; 9 mothers were controlled on insulin, 3 on oral medications and 2 were controlled on diet alone. Cardiac output in FMDM (3.2+1.2 ml) was significantly lower than FC (4.6+1.5 ml)(p<0.01). Placental resistance and compliance were significantly lower in FMDM (0.5+0.4; 1.3+0.5) compared to FC (0.9+0.3 p<0.05; 2.4+1.7 p<0.01). The cerebral artery radius was significantly lower in FMDM (0.7+0.3 mm) compared to FC (1.1+0.3 mm) (p<0.01) with lower middle cerebral artery relative flow index (FMDM 5.8+3.4%; FC 9.2+4.2%; p<0.05). The cerebro-placental flow ratio was thereby lower in FMDM (0.2+0.2) compared to FC (0.5+0.3) (p<0.05). The relative flow in the aortic isthmus was higher in FMDM (23.5+10.6%) compared to FC (16.8+5.6%)(p<0.05). Conclusions: Blood flow is redistributed in FMDM to the placenta despite having lower cardiac output. This alteration may play a role in the postnatal cardiovascular health of these fetuses. (Figure Presented).
Impact of very advanced maternal age on perinatal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: Very advanced maternal age pregnancies create very important health problem in both developed and developing countries. Therefore we aimed to compare obstetric and neonatal outcomes of pregnant women over 40 years-old and between 18-39 years-old who gave birth in our hospital. Material and Methods: Our study is designed retrospectively evaluating pregnancy and birth records of 500 women aged ≥40 years-old and of 526 women between the age 18-39 years-old who delivered at Kanuni Sultan Süleyman Research and Training Hospital in Obstetrics and Gynecology Department between April 2014 and April 2015. Groups were compared for demographic characteristics, obstetric features, perinatal outcomes and indications for cesarean delivery. P value <0,05 was considered statistically significant. Results: In our study the parity number, chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and cesarean section delivery rates of patients ≥40 years-old were statistically significantly higher than that of the control group (p=0,001). No statistically significant differences were determined between both age groups with regard to postpartum hemorrhage, preterm delivery, preterm rupture of membranes, polyhydramnios, placenta previa, ablasio placenta, multiple pregnancies and maternal cardiac diseases (p>0,05). The rates of prolonged labor and failed induction of labor were seen in the maternal age ≥40 years-old group statistically significantly lower compared to the maternal age <40 years-old group (p=0,002). Conclusion: The significant higher rates of chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, GDM and cesarean section delivery among very advanced maternal age demonstrate that maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality risks increase for these patients. Therefore the antenatal care of the very advanced maternal age pregnancies should be done carefully.
Analysis of in-hospital neonatal death in the tertiary neonatal intensive care unit in China: A multicenter retrospective study; Background: Globally, the proportion of child deaths that occur in the neonatal period remains a high level of 37–41%. Differences of cause in neonate death exist in different regions as well as in different economic development countries. The specific aim of this study was to investigate the causes, characteristics, and differences of death in neonates during hospitalization in the tertiary Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) of China. Methods: All the dead neonates admitted to 26 NICUs were included between January l, 2011, and December 31, 2011. All the data were collected retrospectively from clinical records by a designed questionnaire. Data collected from each NICU were delivered to the leading institution where the results were analyzed. Results: A total of 744 newborns died during the 1-year survey, accounting for 1.2% of all the neonates admitted to 26 NICUs and 37.6% of all the deaths in children under 5 years of age in these hospitals. Preterm neonate death accounted for 59.3% of all the death. The leading causes of death in preterm and term infants were pulmonary disease and infection, respectively. In early neonate period, pulmonary diseases (56.5%) occupied the largest proportion of preterm deaths while infection (27%) and neurologic diseases (22%) were the two main causes of term deaths. In late neonate period, infection was the leading cause of both preterm and term neonate deaths. About two-thirds of neonate death occurred after medical care withdrawal. Of the cases who might survive if receiving continuing treatment, parents’ concern about the long-term outcomes was the main reason of medical care withdrawal. Conclusions: Neonate death still accounts for a high proportion of all the deaths in children under 5 years of age. Our study showed the majority of neonate death occurred in preterm infants. Cause of death varied with the age of death and gestational age. Accurate and prompt evaluation of the long-term outcomes should be carried out to guide the critical decision.
Birth weight-for-gestational age is associated with DNA methylation at birth and in childhood; Background: Both higher and lower fetal growth are associated with cardio-metabolic health later in life, suggesting that prenatal developmental programming determines long-term cardiovascular disease risk. Epigenetic mechanisms, which orchestrate fetal growth and development, may offer insight on the early programming of health and disease. We investigated whether birth weight-for-gestational is associated with DNA methylation at birth and mid-childhood, measured via the Infinium 450K array. Methods/results: Participants were from Project Viva, a pre-birth cohort of pregnant women and their children in Eastern Massachusetts. After exclusion of participants with maternal type 1 or 2 diabetes and gestational age <34 weeks, we used DNA methylation assays from 476 venous umbilical cord blood samples and a subset of 235 who additionally had peripheral blood samples available in mid-childhood (age 7–10 years). Among 392,918 CpG sites analyzed, birth weight-for-gestational age z-score was associated with cord blood DNA methylation at 34 CpGs (false discovery rate P < 0.05), after adjusting for maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, smoking, parity, delivery mode, pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes status, child sex, and estimated cord blood cell proportions based on a cord blood reference panel. Two of these CpGs were previously reported in epigenome-wide analyses of birth weight, and several other CpGs map to genes relevant to fetal growth and development. Namely, higher birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with higher methylation at four CpGs at the PBX1 locus (e.g., β (95% CI) for lead signal at cg06750897 = 1.9 (1.2, 2.6)), which encodes a transcription factor that regulates embryonic development. Birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with mid-childhood blood DNA methylation at four of the 34 CpGs identified in cord blood analyses, including sites at the PBX1 locus described. Conclusions: We identified CpG sites where birth weight-for-gestational age was associated with DNA methylation at birth, and for a subset of these sites, birth weight-for-gestational age was also associated with DNA methylation at mid-childhood.
Drosophila melanogaster: An emerging model of transgenerational effects of maternal obesity; The prevalence of obesity in the world is endemic with one rapidly growing health concern being maternal obesity. Obesity during pregnancy increases the risk of gestational diabetes, miscarriage, and preeclampsia, while rendering offspring susceptible to developmental anomalies and long-term metabolic complications including type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several studies in humans and rodents demonstrate a correlation between the risks of maternal overnutrition and factors such as epigenetics, mitochondrial dysfunction, insulin resistance, ER stress, and immune system disruption. At present, the molecular mechanisms connecting these factors to maternal obesity are unknown. This review focuses on the use of Drosophila melanogaster to study human metabolic diseases, including obesity, and its emerging use to elucidate the mechanisms of maternal overnutrition and the impact on offspring.
The role of prenatal exposures on body fat patterns at 7 years: Intrauterine programming or birthweight effects?; Background and aims It remains unknown whether the effects of prenatal exposures on child's adiposity reflect entirely intrauterine programming. We aimed to assess the effects of maternal gestational weight gain, diabetes and smoking on the child's body fat patterns, disentangling the direct (through intrauterine programming) and indirect (through birthweight) effects. Methods and results We included 4747 singleton 7-year-old children from the Generation XXI birth cohort (Porto, Portugal). At birth, maternal and newborn's characteristics were obtained. Anthropometrics were measured at age 7 years and body fat patterns were identified by principal component analysis. Path analysis was used to quantify direct, indirect and total effects of gestational weight gain, diabetes and smoking on body fat patterns. Pattern 1 was characterized by strong factor loadings with body mass index, fat mass index and waist-to-height ratio (fat quantity) and pattern 2 with waist-to-hip ratio, waist-to-thigh ratio, and waist-to-weight ratio (fat distribution). The positive total effect of maternal gestational weight gain and diabetes on the child's fat quantity was mainly through a direct pathway, responsible for 91.7% and 83.7% of total effects, respectively (β = 0.022; 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 0.017, 0.027; β = 0.041; 95% CI: −0.011, 0.093). No effects on fat distribution were found. Maternal prenatal smoking had a positive direct effect on patterns 1 and 2, explaining 94.9% and 76.1% of total effects, respectively. Conclusion The effects of maternal gestational weight gain, diabetes and smoking on a child's fat quantity seem to be mainly through intrauterine programming. Maternal smoking also showed a positive direct effect on child's fat distribution.
The risk of metabolic syndrome in women with previous GDM in a long-term follow-up; The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) during long-term follow-up of women with gestational diabetes (GDM). Furthermore, we evaluated the glycemic measures from an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy as predictors of incident MetS. Women diagnosed with GDM were divided into two groups according to the results of OGTT: one abnormal value = GDM1 (n = 338) and two abnormal values = GDM2 (n = 151), while women with normal glucose tolerance (n = 385) served as controls. MetS and its components were evaluated in a follow-up study (mean follow-up time 7.3 ± 5.1 years) according to the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) criteria. Fasting plasma glucose in OGTT was the best predictor of incident MetS in ROC (area under the curve) analysis. The incidence of MetS during a <5-year follow-up was 22.2% in controls, 39.3% in GDM1 and 60.4% in GDM2; and >10-year follow-up 24.2%, 46.2% and 62.5%, respectively. In controls and GDM2, the incidence of MetS remained nearly constant during the follow-up, whereas in GDM1 it increased. In conclusion, already mild gestational glucose intolerance may progress to MetS and therefore merits intervention measures to prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Windows of Opportunity for Lifestyle Interventions to Prevent Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is linked with several acute maternal health risks and long-term development of type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Intrauterine exposure to GDM similarly increases offspring risk of early-life health complications and later disease. GDM recurrence is common, affecting 40 to 73% of women, and augments associated maternal/fetal/child health risks. Modifiable and independent risk factors for GDM include maternal excessive gestational weight gain and prepregnancy overweight and obesity. Lifestyle interventions that target diet, activity, and behavioral strategies can effectively modify body weight. Randomized clinical trials testing the effects of lifestyle interventions during pregnancy to reduce excessive gestational weight gain have generally shown mixed effects on reducing GDM incidence. Trials testing the effects of postpartum lifestyle interventions among women with a history of GDM have shown reduced incidence of diabetes and improved cardiovascular disease risk factors. However, the long-term effects of interpregnancy or prepregnancy lifestyle interventions on subsequent GDM remain unknown. Future adequately powered and well-controlled clinical trials are needed to determine the effects of lifestyle interventions to prevent GDM and identify pathways to effectively reach reproductive-aged women across all levels of society, before, during, and after pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an evaluation of gynecologists’ knowledge of guidelines and counseling behavior; Purpose: Knowledge of risks, adequate pre- and post-partum care, and counseling is essential to reduce short- and long-term consequences for women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and their offspring. Our study explored the current GDM guideline knowledge and practiced patient counseling of private gynecologists in Germany. Methods: A survey assessing the GDM guidelines and patient counseling was mailed to 775 practicing gynecologists. We evaluated the knowledge of maternal and offspring disease risks, counseling practice, and guideline awareness. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze the responses and Chi-Square or Fisher exact test to explore differences between groups. Results: Of the 418 private gynecologists (54.1 % response rate) who responded, the majority was aware of obesity and GDM in the previous pregnancy as risk factors for GDM. To a lesser extent, risk factors like recurrent miscarriages and stillbirth were recalled. Eighty percent stated that GDM was associated with a higher risk for the development for hypertension and 96 % with type 2 diabetes in the mother. Respondents with knowledge of the current GDM guidelines were more often aware of the development of chronic diseases, counseled patients more frequently, and performed post-partum glucose screenings more regularly compared with private gynecologists with no knowledge of the guidelines. Conclusions: The majority of participants incorporated recent recommendations into their practice patterns for GDM. Providing private gynecologists with additional training may further improve care for women with GDM-affected pregnancies.
Quintuplets: 5 Cases of NEC. Are There Other Risk Factors?; Objective: To review a case of quintuplets with all babies developing necrotizing enterocolitis. Methods: A retrospective study of preterm quintuplets all developing necrotizing enterocolitis. Clinical outcomes were reviewed. Results: Quintuplets were born at 24 weeks gestation. Each baby developed NEC and was treated. One baby died. Currently the remaining 4 infants are on full enteral nutrition. Conclusion: Further studies are needed to better understand this emerging population of multiple birth pregnancy and the frequency of NEC development.
Neonates of diabetic mothers: The starting point for developing novel therapeutic approaches to ischemic heart and brain?; Diabetes mellitus represents the most common medical condition causing complications during pregnancy. However, there is still some controversy surrounding complications. Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal hyperglycemia. Offspring of diabetic mothers compensate excess glucose concentrations by producing higher levels of insulin causing transient hyperinsulinemia. Infants of diabetic mothers are at risk for congenital cardiac malformations, of which 40% are with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, regardless of severity, cardiac hypertrophy is transient with echocardiographic resolution within the first months after birth. Neonates of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from macrosomia that predisposes the infant to birth asphyxia brain damage. However, there is no evidence for an increase in the incidence of brain injury from perinatal asphyxia in macrosomic babies of diabetic mothers in comparison to macrosomic newborns of non-diabetic mothers. We hypothesize that infants of diabetic mother may represent the starting point for developing novel approaches to the treatment and prevention of obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, AMI and stroke at every age.
Distribution of soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I and high-sensitive troponin T in umbilical cord blood; Soluble suppression of tumorigenicity 2 (sST2), N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP), high sensitive troponin I (hs-TnI), and high sensitive troponin T (hs-TnT) are representative cardiac biomarkers. The reference intervals (RIs) of these biomarkers have been rarely investigated in umbilical cord blood (UCB). We explored the distribution of these cardiac markers and established their RIs in UCB. In a total of 293 UCB specimens, sST2, NT-proBNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT concentrations were analyzed according to the gestational age, presence of premature membrane rupture (PROM), presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and Apgar score at 1 min. Their RIs were defined in 133 UCB specimens from healthy, full-term neonates, using non-parametric percentile methods according to the Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute guideline (EP28-A3C). The concentrations of four cardiac markers in UCB were different between full-term neonates and pre-term neonates. The concentrations of NT-proBNP and hs-TnI differed according to the presence or absence of PROM. Their concentrations did not differ regardless of the presence of GDM. The concentrations of sST2 and NT-proBNP differed according to the Apgar score at 1 min. The 97.5th percentile upper reference limits were: sST2, 59.9 ng/mL; NT pro-BNP, 1415.3 pg/mL; hs-TnI, 27.8 pg/mL; and hs-TnT, 86.5 pg/mL. The distribution of sST2, NT pro-BNP, hs-TnI, and hs-TnT in UCB together with their RIs would provide fundamental data for future researches and clinical practice.
Perinatal Health of Women with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Comorbid Mental Illness; Objective: Women with intellectual and developmental disabilities (IDD) have high rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. However, the perinatal health of women with co-occurring IDD and mental illness (dual diagnosis) is largely unknown. Our objectives were to 1) describe a cohort of women with dual diagnosis in terms of their social and health characteristics and 2) compare their risks for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes to those of women with IDD only. Method: We conducted a population-based study using linked Ontario (Canada) health and social services administrative data to identify singleton obstetric deliveries to women with dual diagnosis (n = 2080) and women with IDD only (n = 1852; 2002-2012). Primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. Primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, small for gestational age, and large for gestational age. We also examined several secondary outcomes. Results: Women with dual diagnosis were more likely than women with IDD only to live in poor neighborhoods and to have prepregnancy health conditions; however, they had more frequent prenatal care. Infants born to women with dual diagnosis had increased risks for preterm birth (adjusted relative risk [aRR] 1.31, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.08 to 1.59) and neonatal morbidity (aRR 1.35, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.76) compared with infants born to women with IDD only. All other primary and secondary outcomes were nonsignificant. Conclusions: Comorbid mental illness contributes little additional risk for adverse perinatal outcomes among women with IDD. Women with dual diagnosis and women with IDD alone require increased surveillance for maternal and neonatal complications.
Maternal Diabetes, Birth Weight, and Neonatal Risk of Congenital Heart Defects in Norway, 1994-2009; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between pregestational or gestational diabetes and offspring risk of congenital heart defects and the association between large-for-gestational-age birth weight and risk of cardiac defects in offspring of diabetic women. METHODS: Information on pregestational and gestational diabetes, cardiac defects, and birth weight among all births in Norway in 1994-2009 was ascertained from the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, national health registries, and the Cardiovascular Disease in Norway project. The relative risk (RR) compared offspring risk of cardiac defects for maternal diabetes with offspring risk in nondiabetic mothers adjusted for year of birth, maternal age, and parity. RESULTS: Among 914,427 births (live births, stillbirths, terminated pregnancies), 5,618 (0.61%) were complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes and 9,726 (1.06%) by gestational diabetes. Congenital heart defects were identified in 10,575 offspring. The prevalence of cardiac defects differed between groups: 344 of 10,000 births to women with pregestational diabetes, 172 of 10,000 to women with gestational diabetes, and 114 of 10,000 in women without diabetes (adjusted RRs 2.92, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.54-3.36 and 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.71). During the study period, the adjusted RRs for congenital heart defects did not change. The risk of cardiac defects in neonates very large for gestational age (birth weight greater than 3 standard deviations above the mean) was compared with neonates with birth weight appropriate for gestational age. For pregestational diabetes, the prevalences of offspring cardiac defects were 561 compared with 248 per 10,000 births (adjusted RR 2.23, 95% CI 1.39-3.59) and for gestational diabetes 388 compared with 132 per 10,000 (adjusted RR 2.73, 95% CI 1.53-4.85). CONCLUSION: The increased risk of having a child with a congenital heart defect has not changed for diabetic women in Norway since 1994. Among women with pregestational or gestational diabetes, having a large-for-gestational-age neonate was associated with a two- to threefold increased risk of cardiac defects compared with neonates with normal birth weight.
SCN8A Epileptic Encephalopathy: Detection of Fetal Seizures Guides Multidisciplinary Approach to Diagnosis and Treatment; Background SCN8A mutations are rare and cause a phenotypically heterogeneous early onset epilepsy known as early infantile epileptic encephalopathy type 13 (EIEE13, OMIM #614558). There are currently no clear genotype-phenotype correlations to help guide patient counseling and management. Patient Description We describe a patient with EIEE13 (de novo heterozygous pathogenic mutation in SCN8A - p.Ile240Val (ATT>GTT)) who presented prenatally with maternally reported intermittent, rhythmic movements that, when observed on ultrasound, were concerning for fetal seizures. Ultrasound also revealed abnormal developmental states. With maternal administration of levetiracetam, the rhythmic fetal movements stopped. After birth, the patient developed treatment-refractory multi-focal epilepsy confirmed by electroencephalogram. Neuroimaging revealed restricted diffusion in the superior cerebellar peduncles, a finding not reported previously in EIEE13. Conclusion This is the first report of EIEE13 associated with clinical prenatal-onset seizures. Ultrasonography can be useful for identifying fetal seizures, which may be treatable in utero. Ideally, the clinical approach to fetal seizures should involve a multidisciplinary team spanning the pre- and postnatal course to expedite early diagnosis and optimize management, as illustrated by this patient.
Comparing ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers using tissue doppler imaging; Background: Maternal diabetes is associated with increased teratogenic effects on fetuses; it affects the structure and functions of fetal heart and alters the fetal-placental circulation. Although several articles have demonstrated fetal cardiac malformation and defects in diabetic mothers, ventricular systolic and diastolic function has not been properly investigated, particularly in Iran. Objectives: The aim of this study was to assess ventricular function using tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers in the Iranian population. PatientsandMethods: Twenty-one diabetic pregnantwomenat 28 weeks’ gestation were enrolled as the case group, and 35 healthy pregnant women at the same gestation were considered as the control group. Fetal echocardiography, including TDI, was carried out for all cases. The variables measured by echocardiography were as follows: the systolic annular peak velocity (Sa), late-diastolic annular peak velocity (Aa), and diastolic annular peak velocity (Ea) waves on the lateral and septal walls of the left ventricle (LV) at the mitral valve annulus using TDI; mitral inflow E and A waves using pulse Doppler; and inter-ventricular septum thickness using two-dimensional (2D) echocardiography. Results: According to cut-off value of 6.3% for hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c), only one patient with HbA1c = 8 had uncontrolled diabetes. In 20 other patients with controlled diabetes, the mean HbA1c was 4.78±1.22%. There was no significant difference between groups according to maternal age (29.24 ± 5.86 in the case group vs. 28.58 ± 4.42 in the control group, P = 0.6). No significant difference was found in the septal thicknesses between the two groups (P = 0.39). Moreover, there were no statistically significant differences between groups in terms of other echocardiography variables (P > 0.05). Conclusions:We did notfindsignificant differences in ventricular function or ventricular septal thickness in the fetuses of mothers whowere referred to our hospital with a previous diagnosis of diabetes mellituscompared with the fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. This could be due to early identification, appropriate treatment, and tightly controlled diabetes in our study population. It should be noted that only pregnant women who were being closely monitored by their gynecologist were referred to us, so there may be some bias in our case selection; moreover, only patients who have taken steps to control their diabetes, so that only one of them had an abnormal HbA1c level. Other possible reasons for our results are over-diagnosis of gestational diabetes by gynecologists and an inadequate number of participants in our study.
Adverse perinatal outcomes in borderline amniotic fluid index; Background: Normal amniotic fluid predicts normal placental function, fetal growth and fetal well-being. Objective: To determine adverse pregnancy outcomes in borderline amniotic fluid index (AFI). Materials and Methods: Pregnant women (37-40 wks) with diagnosis of borderline AFI between December 2012 and August 2014 were identified. Antepartum, intrapartum and neonatal data were collected and compared with those of pregnant women with normal AFI. An AFI less than 8 and more than 5 cm was defined for borderline AFI. Pregnancy outcomes included Cesarean section for non-reassuring fetal heart rate, meconium stained amniotic fluid, 5-min Apgar score <7, low birth weight, umbilical cord blood pH at term and NICU admission. Results: Gestational age at delivery in pregnancies with borderline AFI was significantly lower than normal AFI. Cesarean section rate for non-reassuring fetal heart rate in women of borderline AFI was significantly higher and there was an increased incidence of birth weight less than 10th percentile for gestation age in borderline AFI group. Incidence of low Apgar score and low umbilical artery pH in pregnancies with borderline AFI was significantly higher than women with normal AFI. There were no significant difference in the rate of NICU admission and meconium staining in both groups. Conclusion: There are significant differences for adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as Cesarean section due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate, birth weight less than 10th percentile for gestation age, low 5 min Apgar score and low umbilical artery pH between pregnancies with borderline and normal AFI.
Perspectives in obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is currently recognized as a health epidemic worldwide. Its prevalence has doubled in the last three decades. Obesity is a complex clinical picture associated with physical, physiologic, hormonal, genetic, cultural, socioeconomic and environmental factors. The rate of obesity is also increasing in the pregnant women population. Maternal obesity is associated with less than optimal obstetrical, fetal and neonatal outcomes. It is also associated with significant adverse long-term effects on both obese parturients and the infants born from obese women. A number of guidelines have been published to educate health care workers and the general population in an attempt to develop effective interventions on a large scale to prevent obesity. These guidelines are multiple, confusing and inconsistent. There are no standard recommendations regarding gestational weight gaining goals, nutrients and additional elements necessary for certain obese women who have been treated with bariatric surgical procedures, screening for metabolic diseases such as diabetes, additional preventive health care services indicated for obese women in the pregnancy planning stages, during prenatal care, in the immediate post-partum period and as a long-term approach for health preservation. In 2013, the American Medical Association supported by several US national medical specialty organizations published Resolution 420 (A-13) recognizing obesity as a disease state with multiple pathophysiological aspects requiring a range of interventions to improve its prevention and treatment. The goal of this decision was to encourage a broader spectrum of health care benefits insurance coverage for the prevention and treatment of obesity. There are a number of myths and misconceptions associated with obesity. These perspectives present our views and clinical experience with a partial review of recent bibliography addressing the associations between obese reproductive age women and their risks during pregnancy.
Association between Gestational Diabetes and Maternal Chronic Kidney Disease; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease for affected women. We analyzed whether GDM is associated with incident chronic kidney disease (CKD), controlling for pre-pregnancy risk factors for both conditions. Methods: A total of 820 women without diabetes enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) Study who were nulliparous at baseline in 1985-86 and reported at least one pregnancy during 25 years of follow-up were studied. GDM was self-reported. CKD was defined as development of estimated glomerular filtration rate < 60 ml/min/1.73m2 or urine albumin to creatinine ratio ≥ 25 mg/g. Hazard ratios (HR) for developing CKD were compared between women with and without history of GDM using complementary log log models, beginning with first pregnancy and adjusting for pre-pregnancy age, systolic blood pressure, high density lipoprotein cholesterol, body mass index, smoking, education, kidney function, fasting glucose, and physical activity level as well as race and family history of diabetes. Interaction between race and GDM was also tested. Results: Over mean follow-up of 20.8 years, N=101 women reported GDM and N=105 (58 black, 47 white) developed incident CKD, predominately manifested by increased albumin excretion in the urine. The unadjusted HR (95% confidence interval (CI)) for CKD was 1.46 (0.87, 2.45) for women with GDM compared to parous women who did not report a pregnancy with GDM. There was evidence of a GDM-race interaction (Wald interaction p=0.07 in the fully adjusted model). The HR (95% CI) for CKD in the fully adjusted model was 1.96 (1.04, 3.67) for black women with GDM compared to those without GDM. Among white women, the HR (95% CI) was 0.65 (0.23, 1.83). Conclusions: GDM may be associated with subsequent development of CKD among black women.
Cited2 participates in cardiomyocyte apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart abnormality; Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for abnormal heart development, but the molecular basis remains obscure. To further analyze this, the hyperglycemia rat and cell model were established in this study. The results showed that hyperglycemic rats gained significantly less weight during gestation than controls. The number of embryos per litter was significantly reduced in diabetic mothers compared to controls. Ventricular wall thickness was often decreased in the diabetic offspring and cardiomyocyte apoptosis participated in ventricular wall thinness. Our results also indicated that Cited2 expression decreased in the heart tissues of diabetic-exposed embryos comparing with the control. The vitro results showed that down-regulation of Cited2 was associated with high glucose-induced apoptosis in cardiomyocytes in vitro. Over-expression of Cited2 gene restrained the cardiomyocyte apoptosis induced by high glucose. Furthermore, Cited2 S192G mutation partly inhibited the capacity of Cited2 to suppress apoptosis induced by high glucose in cardiomyocytes. This showed the critical role of Cited2 in high glucose-induced cardiomyocytes apoptosis. Data from this study found the association of Cited2 down regulation with cardiomyocytes apoptosis and maternal diabetes-induced ventricular wall thinness genesis.
Adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction develops after pregnancy in rats born small or stressed by physiological measurements during pregnancy; Key points: Women born small are at an increased risk of developing pregnancy complications. Stress may further increase a woman's likelihood for an adverse pregnancy. Adverse pregnancy adaptations can lead to long-term diseases even after her pregnancy. The current study investigated the effects of stress during pregnancy on the long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of female rats that were born small. Stress programmed increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression, a higher insulin secretory response to glucose during intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (+36%) and elevated renal creatinine clearance after pregnancy. Females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and elevated systolic blood pressure after pregnancy, regardless of stress exposure. These findings suggest that being born small or being stressed during pregnancy programs long-term adverse health outcomes after pregnancy. However, stress in pregnancy does not exacerbate the long-term adverse health outcomes for females that were born small. Abstract: Females born small are more likely to experience complications during their pregnancy, including pregnancy-induced hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. The risk of developing complications is increased by stress exposure during pregnancy. In addition, pregnancy complications may predispose the mother to diseases after pregnancy. We determined whether stress during pregnancy would exacerbate the adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal dysfunction of growth-restricted females in later life. Late gestation bilateral uterine vessel ligation was performed in Wistar Kyoto rats to induce growth restriction. At 4 months, growth-restricted and control female offspring were mated with normal males. Those allocated to the stressed group had physiological measurements [metabolic cage, tail cuff blood pressure, intraperitoneal glucose tolerance test (IPGTT)] conducted during pregnancy whilst the unstressed groups were unhandled. After the completion of pregnancy, dams were aged to 12 months and blood pressure, and metabolic and renal function were assessed. At 13 months, adrenal glands, pancreases and plasma were collected at post-mortem. Females stressed during pregnancy had increased adrenal Mc2r gene expression (+22%), higher insulin secretory response to glucose during IPGTT (+36%) and higher creatinine clearance (+29%, indicating increased estimated glomerular filtration rate). In contrast, females that were born small had increased homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance (+54%), increased water intake (+23%), urine output (+44%) and elevated systolic blood pressure (+7%) regardless of exposure to stress. Our findings suggest that low maternal birth weight and maternal stress exposure during pregnancy are both independently detrimental for long-term adrenal, metabolic and cardio-renal health of the mother, although their effects were not exacerbated.
Prevention of primary caesarean delivery: comprehensive management of dystocia in nulliparous patients at term; Purpose: Dystocia is the leading indication for primary caesarean sections. Our aim is to compare two approaches in the management of dystocia in labor in nulliparous women with a singleton fetus in cephalic presentation at term in spontaneous or induced labor. Methods: Prospective cohort study. Four hundred and nineteen consecutive patients were divided into two groups: the standard management group (SM), in acceleration of labor was commenced at the “action line” in the case of arrested or protracted labor, and the comprehensive management group (CM) in which arrested or protracted labor was considered as a warning sign promoting further diagnostic assessment prior to considering intervention. Results: Caesarean sections rate was 22.2 % in the SM group (216 patients) and 10.3 % in the CM group (203 patients) (p = 0.001). The rate of oxytocin use decreased from 33.3 % in SM group to 13.8 % in the CM group (p < 0.0005). The rate of amniotomy decreased from 41.7 % in the SM group to 7.4 % in the CM group (p < 0.0005). The percentage of newborns with 5-min Apgar score <7 and/or umbilical cord arterial pH ≤ 7.00 decreased from 2.3 % in SM cohort to 0.5 % in CM cohort (p = ns). The average length of labor did not differ between the two groups of patients (264 vs 277 min; p = ns). Conclusion: Comprehensive management of dystocia enabled us to achieve a reduction in iatrogenic interventions in labor while maintaining good neonatal outcomes.
Evaluation of Referral Pattern for Fetal Echocardiography at a Tertiary Care Center in Northern India and Its Implications; Objective: To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India. We also aimed to determine the incidence of CHD in each group and intend to highlight the need of identifying the various risk factors and appropriate timely referral of patients for detailed evaluation. Methods: This is a prospective study including 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo to our center. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age, the gravida, and the final diagnosis after detailed fetal echo. Various indications that were evaluated included maternal diabetes (pre-gestational or gestational), echogenic cardiac nodule, abnormal four chamber on ultrasound, other extra-cardiac abnormalities detected on ultrasound, and twin pregnancies or IVF conceptions. Some women had opted for fetal echo electively and they were defined as self referral. Results: The mean gestational age of referral was 24 ± 5 weeks. Out of these, 196 had specific referral indication while five were self referrals. The most common indication for referral was echogenic cardiac foci. CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Indication that yielded the highest number of CHD cases was cardiac abnormality on USG. The mean gestational age at referral in those detected to have CHD was 27 ± 4 weeks. The commonest CHD detected was tiny VSD, while most of the complex CHD’s were diagnosed in those referred for cardiac abnormality on USG. Conclusion: CHD detection is highest in those referred for abnormal cardiac imaging on USG, and hence a careful assessment of fetal heart during routine prenatal screening would increase the CHD detection markedly. Nuchal translucency needs to be measured accurately and those with value greater that 99th centile should be referred for FE. Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes should have a FE prior to 20 weeks to rule out CHD. A FE scan in third trimester is indicated in diabetic females (gestational and pre-gestational) if the glycemic control is poor evidenced by HbA1c > 6 %. Timely referral is absolutely essential so that appropriate counseling of the parents can be done.
Placental endoplasmic reticulum stress and acidosis: relevant aspects in gestational diabetes; In this issue, Yung and colleagues (doi: 10.1007/s00125-016-4040-2) report endoplasmic reticulum stress in the placenta of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus. With the use of a trophoblast-like cell line, these authors identify putative mechanisms involved in, and treatments to prevent the induction of endoplasmic reticulum stress. Here, the relevance and possible implications of these findings and areas for further research are discussed.
Diagnosis and risk stratification of women with stable ischemic heart disease; Although mortality rates for cardiovascular disease are on the decline, it remains the leading cause of death among men and women in the United States. Until recently, more women died of heart disease every year than men. Significant effort has been focused on increasing the awareness of cardiovascular disease among women, but ethnic disparities in awareness still exist. Early symptom recognition, risk assessment, and diagnosis of CAD are paramount in reducing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women. This review will highlight the unique risk factors for CAD in women, variability in clinical presentation for ischemic heart disease, and risk stratification for CAD in symptomatic women.
Brain insulin resistance at the crossroads of metabolic and cognitive disorders in humans; Ever since the brain was identified as an insulin-sensitive organ, evidence has rapidly accumulated that insulin action in the brain produces multiple behavioral and metabolic effects, influencing eating behavior, peripheral metabolism, and cognition. Disturbances in brain insulin action can be observed in obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2D), as well as in aging and dementia. Decreases in insulin sensitivity of central nervous pathways, i.e., brain insulin resistance, may therefore constitute a joint pathological feature of metabolic and cognitive dysfunctions. Modern neuroimaging methods have provided new means of probing brain insulin action, revealing the influence of insulin on both global and regional brain function. In this review, we highlight recent findings on brain insulin action in humans and its impact on metabolism and cognition. Furthermore, we elaborate on the most prominent factors associated with brain insulin resistance, i.e., obesity, T2D, genes, maternal metabolism, normal aging, inflammation, and dementia, and on their roles regarding causes and consequences of brain insulin resistance.Wealso describe the beneficial effects of enhanced brain insulin signaling on human eating behavior and cognition and discuss potential applications in the treatment of metabolic and cognitive disorders.
Association between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus: An interim report of the Japan Environment and Children's Study; Background Social capital is generally defined as the quality and frequency of social interactions with relatives, neighbors, and society. Social capital refers to broad concepts of social interactions and structures in individuals, communities and societies such as trust (e.g., neighborhood trust, which is social cohesion with neighbors) and social support (e.g., emotional support, which is the level of the feeling of being loved). Studies during the last few decades have shown that there is a significant inverse association between social capital and the prevalences of diseases such as depression and acute coronary syndrome. Significant inverse associations between trust, social support and the prevalence of diabetes have also been shown. However, associations between social capital and the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are less clear. Methods We used the primary dataset of the Japan Environment and Children's Study (JECS), including 10,228 mothers with recorded obstetric outcomes from January to December 2011. In this study, we included 8874 the 10,228 participants. Diagnosis of GDM was determined using the criteria of the Japan Diabetes Society (JDS). The quality and quantity of social capital were measured with nine questions on a self-administered questionnaire during the second or third trimester. Using principal component analysis (PCA), we distinguished the following three components (indices) of social capital: (A) index of all nine questions about social capital, (B) index of emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) index of generalized trust. The high factor loading variants of indices were as follows; (A) all nine variants, (B) five variants about emotional support and neighborhood trust and (C) two variants about generalized trust. Multivariate random effect modeling was used to calculate the odd ratios (ORs) for evaluating the association between these indices of social capital and the prevalence of GDM. This model was adjusted for baseline characteristics such as family income, BMI before pregnancy and smoking during pregnancy. Results Of the 8874 participants, 204 women developed GDM (2.30%). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that index B, the index of emotional support and neighborhood trust (adjusted OR: 0.651, 95% CI: 0.429, 0.987) was significantly and independently associated with the prevalence of GDM. Conclusions We found that the 5-question index of emotional support and neighborhood trust is significantly associated with the prevalence of GDM during pregnancy.
The impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy is restored by maternal melatonin treatment; Diabetic pregnancy, with ever increasing prevalence, adversely affects embryogenesis and increases vasculometabolic disorder risks in adult offspring. However, it remains poorly understood whether maternal diabetes increases the offspring's susceptibility to heart injuries in adulthood. In this study, we observed that cardiac function and structure were comparable between adult offspring born to diabetic mice and their counterparts born to nondiabetic mice at baseline. However, in response to myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MIR), diabetic mother offspring exhibited augmented infarct size, cardiac dysfunction, and myocardial apoptosis compared with control, in association with exaggerated activation of mitochondria- and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated apoptosis pathways and oxidative stress. Molecular analysis showed that the impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in diabetic mother offspring was mainly attributable to blunted cardiac insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1/Akt signaling. Furthermore, the effect of maternal melatonin administration on offspring's response to MIR was determined, and the results indicated that melatonin treatment in diabetic dams during pregnancy significantly improved the tolerance to MIR injury in their offspring, via restoring cardiac IRS-1/Akt signaling. Taken together, these data suggest that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to augmented MIR injury in adulthood, and maternal melatonin supplementation during diabetic pregnancy may hold promise for improving myocardial ischemic tolerance in the offspring.
Childhood type 2 diabetes: Risks and complications; The universal endocrine pathological state affecting young individuals and adults is type 2 diabetes mellitus, which has seen a significant increase in the last 30 years, particularly in children. Genetic and evnironmental factors are the causative agents for this pathological state in children. This rapid and wide spread of the disease can be controlled by enforcing amendments in environmental factors such as diet, physical activities and obesity. In young infants breastfeeding may be a key modulator of the disease. Associated disorders co-observed in the patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus include renal failure, heart problems and circulatory dysfunctionalities, such as cardiac failure and vision disability. These associated disorders become more pronounced in young patients when they reach puberty. To overcome the lethal outcomes of the disease, early screening of the disease is crucial. The present review focused on the latest updates in the field, as well as plausible risks and complications of this pathological state.
Evaluating the Postpartum Maternal Health Clinic: How Patient Characteristics Predict Follow-Up; Objective At Kingston General Hospital, women who have pregnancy-related cardiovascular risk indicators (e.g., preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes) are offered standardized six-month postpartum follow-up for cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling. We sought to assess how patient characteristics predict attendance at follow-up. Methods We undertook a chart review of 650 patients who delivered between April 2011 and December 2014 and had preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes. Logistic regression was used to analyze the relationship between clinical and demographic variables and attendance at the follow-up clinic. Results Increasing age (in years) was significantly correlated with attendance at follow-up (adjusted OR [aOR] 1.08, 95% CI 1.04 to 1.12). Women who had preeclampsia were significantly more likely to attend than women who had gestational hypertension or gestational diabetes (aOR 1.54, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.26). Women who were known to be non-smokers or whose smoking status was not recorded were significantly more likely to attend follow-up (aOR 2.47, 95% CI 1.32 to 4.62). There was a trend towards lower follow-up for women from census tracts or subdivisions with a greater proportion of individuals without educational certificate, diploma, or degree, but this was not statistically significant (aOR 0.10, 95% CI 0.01 to 1.22). Conclusion There is significant selection bias among women who attend follow-up for postpartum cardiovascular disease risk screening and counselling after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes.
Hypertriglyceridemia induced acute pancreatitis associated with diabetic ketoacidosis and a vaginal estrogen contraceptive device (nuvaring): Successfully treated with insulin infusion, plasmapheresis, and ring removal; We present a 27-year-old female with only past medical history of gestational diabetes, who presented to our hospital with abdominal pain. Physical exam was significant for mild tachypnea and tachycardia, dry mucous membranes, and moderate epigastric tenderness to light palpation. Blood work revealed an elevated glucose of 411 mg/dl, creatinine of 0.4 mg/dl, severe wide anion gap metabolic acidosis, lipase >6,000, triglycerides (TG) increased to 1,368 mg/dl. Computed tomography of abdomen and pelvis was consistent with acute pancreatitis. She was started on an insulin infusion and intravenous fluids. Her condition worsened rapidly with significant decline in mentation and severe tachypnea requiring intubation. Further blood work showed worsening creatinine at 1.5 with an arterial blood pH of 6.9. Insulin infusion continued and plasmapheresis was initiated given the worsening in her clinical status. Post plasmapheresis, her triglycerides decreased to 259 mg/dl, glucose trending in the 100 range, and anion gap closed. Her severely elevated triglyceride level was attributed to a combined effect of her new onset diabetes and vaginal estrogen ring, which was removed on presentation. Hypertriglyceridemia pancreatitis is a rare cause of pancreatitis. Usually a serum triglyceride (TG) level of more than 1,000 mg/ dL is an inciting factor for the episode. In DKA, the deficiency of insulin activates lipolysis in adipose tissue releasing increased free fatty acids, which accelerates formation of VLDL in the liver. In addition, reduced activity of lipoprotein lipase in peripheral tissue decreases removal of VLDL from the plasma, resulting in hypertriglyceridemia. Furthermore, exogenous estrogen use can cause an increase in TG by induced stimulation of the secretion of hepatic triglyceride-rich lipoprotein. Plasmapheresis has been repeatedly shown in case reports and series to be effective in quickly removing TG from the serum of patients with hypertriglyceridemia pancreatitis. Although a clear benefit of plasmapheresis in reducing the severity and improving outcomes in such patients has not been conclusively shown, we report the possible benefit of such therapy as an add-on treatment modality in case the clinical situation deteriorates while they are on standard therapy.
Gestational diabetes programs mitochondrial dysfunction and impairs cardiac function in the offspring; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common complication of pregnancy. Children of mothers that had GDM are at an increased risk for the development of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life, though the mechanisms responsible for this observation are unknown. Mitochondria are the organelles responsible for cellular energy production and impaired function is associated with the development of cardiovascular disease. We propose that impaired mitochondrial function, programmed in utero, may be a contributing mechanism to cardiometabolic disease development and hypothesize that the hearts from offspring exposed to GDM will exhibit impaired mitochondrial bioenergetics and heart disease. METHODS: To induce GDM female rats were fed a high fat (45% kcal) and sucrose (HFS) diet prior to mating, throughout pregnancy and lactation. Lean control females received a low fat (LF; 10% kcal) diet. Ventricular myocytes were isolated from the hearts of fetal rat offspring (embryonic day 20) and mitochondrial respiration was analyzed using a Seahorse Biosciences Extracellular Flux Analyzer. To assess the interaction between prenatal GDM exposure and the influence of the postnatal diet over the entire life course of the offspring, offspring were randomly assigned to HFS or LF diets after weaning. Serial echocardiography of the offspring hearts was performed at e18 and serially at 3, 6, 9 and 12-months of age using a Vevo 2100 ultrasound. RESULTS: Both basal and maximal mitochondrial oxidation levels were reduced for glucose (35%, 68% respectively) and fatty acid (49%, 52% respectively) substrates in fetal offspring exposed to GDM (all p<0.05). Mitochondrial reactive oxygen species production was increased 1.2-fold (p<0.05) in fetal ventricular myocytes isolated from offspring of GDM dams. Fetal and 3-month old offspring exposed to GDM in utero exhibit increased left ventricle posterior wall thickness (p<0.05). From 6 to 12-months of age the hearts of offspring exposed to GDM in utero exhibit increased isovolumetic relaxation time (p<0.05), indicative of diastolic cardiac dysfunction. CONCLUSION: Our data suggests that programming of ventricular myocyte mitochondrial function by GDM contributes to reduced glucose and fat oxidation by mitochondria, impaired ATP production and elevated reactive oxygen species production. This was associated with early-life cardiac hypertrophy and later in life diastolic dysfunction. Combined, these factors put the offspring of GDM mothers at greater risk of developing cardiovascular and metabolic diseases in adulthood.
Relationship between insulin resistance during pregnancy and diastolic dysfunction in early childhood; BACKGROUND: Maternal hyperglycemia is caused by an imbalance between higher insulin resistance and insufficient insulin secretion response. Uncontrolled maternal hyperglycemia is associated with increased morbidity in pregnant women and their children, including neonatal cardiac hypertrophy. The biological mechanisms responsible for neonatal hypertrophy are not clearly understood but its link with poorly controlled maternal hyperglycemia suggests an implication of hyperinsulinemia during fetal development. Ventricular wall hypertrophy may impair myocardial relaxation and recent studies have observed signs of diastolic dysfunction in children born from mothers with diabetes even when no cardiac hypertrophy was present. We sought to prospectively evaluate diastolic function in 3-year old children in relation to the degree of insulin resistance of their mother during pregnancy. METHODS: This is a prospective cohort study that included 89 mother-child dyads. Women were recruited during pregnancy and were classified according to the results of their oral glucose tolerance test: 19 mothers with gestational diabetes (treated according to national guidelines), 31 mothers with untreated insulin resistance (IR), and 39 control mothers. Children underwent echocardiography at a follow-up visit 3 years after birth. Echocardiographic measurements were performed by two experienced echocardiography technicians and evaluation of diastolic function was done by a pediatric cardiologist blinded to study groups. Abnormal diastolic function was defined as having abnormal pulsed waved Doppler and/or tissue Doppler velocities Z scores compatible with impaired myocardial relaxation. RESULTS: Nine out of the 89 children had abnormal velocities compatible with impaired relaxation. The proportions of subjects with abnormal diastolic function was 5.1% in the control group, 10.5% in the GD group, and 16.1% in the IR group. The relative proportions of children with impaired relaxation between study groups was statistically significant when comparing all study groups (p=0.03), but not statistically significant when comparing individual groups with the control group (DG vs. control, p=0.29; IR vs. control, p=0.10). There was no difference between groups for the thickness of ventricular septum, thickness of posterior wall, or LV mass. CONCLUSION: In this study, children born from mothers that had high insulin resistance during pregnancy tended to have more frequent mild impairment of diastolic function at 3 years of age. Further research should aim to verify this association with larger study groups.
Impact of pregnancy complications on presentation, severity, and outcomes in acute coronary syndrome; BACKGROUND: Women who experience gestational diabetes (GDM) and/or hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) have approximately twice the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) compared with women with normal pregnancy. However, the impact of GDM or HDP at the time of a cardiovascular event is unknown. The aim of this study is to assess the impact of prior pregnancy complications on clinical presentation, severity and major adverse cardiovascular outcomes (MACE) in women with premature acute coronary syndrome (ACS) (≤55 years old). METHODS: GENESIS-PRAXY (GENdEr and Sex determInantS of cardiovascular disease: from bench to beyond-PRemature Acute Coronary SYndrome) is a multicentre, prospective cohort study of young adults (≤ 55 years old) hospitalized with ACS. The current study included only parous women. Pregnancy history was collected through selfreported questionnaires at study entry and clinical data through patient questionnaire and chart review. RESULTS: A total of 310 women had at least one pregnancy; 215 reported prior normal pregnancies and 95 prior complicated pregnancies divided afterwards in 3 mutually exclusive groups (GDM: 19, gestational hypertension: 33, preeclampsia: 26). Women with prior pregnancy complications were younger than the normal group (49.1 ± 5.6 vs. 47.4 ± 6.2 years) and presented more traditional risk factors. Among women with prior complicated pregnancies, women with prior preeclampsia were more hypertensive (92% vs. 79% for gestational hypertension vs. 63% for GDM) and had more STEMI, while women with prior GDM had more type II diabetes (58% vs. 33% for gestational hypertension vs. 23% for preeclampsia), while women with prior gestational hypertension were more obese (72% vs. 45% for preeclampsia vs. 37% for GDM). The clinical severity of the ACS measured by the GRACE score and MACE at 12 months were similar in women with and without prior pregnancy complications. CONCLUSION: Women with prior pregnancy complications are younger and have more atherosclerotic risk factors at the time of a premature ACS than women with prior normal pregnancy. However, women with prior preeclampsia are more hypertensive and presented more with STEMI, which may indicate a different pathway between preeclampsia and CVD.
Maternal and pregnancy characteristics affect plasma fibrin monomer complexes and D-dimer reference ranges for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; Background D-dimers have a high negative predictive value for excluding venous thromboembolism outside of pregnancy but the use in pregnancy remains controversial. A higher cut-off value has been proposed in pregnancy due to a continuous increase across gestation. Fibrin monomer complexes have been considered as an alternative diagnostic tool for exclusion of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy due to their different behavior. Objective We sought to establish normal values of fibrin monomer complexes and D-dimer as a diagnostic tool for the exclusion of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and examine the effect of maternal and obstetric factors on these markers. Study Design Plasma D-dimer and fibrin monomer complexes were measured by quantitative immunoturbidimetry in 2870 women with singleton pregnancies attending their routine first-trimester hospital visit in a prospective screening study for adverse obstetric outcome. Multiple regression analysis was used to determine maternal characteristics and obstetric factors affecting the plasma concentrations and converting these into multiple of the median values after adjusting for significant maternal and obstetric characteristics. Results Plasma fibrin monomer complexes increased with maternal weight and were lower in women with a history of cocaine abuse and chronic hypertension. D-dimers increased with gestational age and maternal weight and were higher in sickle cell carriers and in women of African and South Asian racial origin compared to Caucasians. Conclusion Fibrin monomer complexes and D-dimers are affected by maternal and obstetric characteristics rather than only gestational age. The utility of these fibrin-linked markers as a tool for exclusion of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy might be improved by adjusting for patient-specific characteristics.
Polycystic ovary syndrome in type 2 diabetes: does it predict a more severe phenotype?; Objective To examine the prevalence of a history of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) in women with type 2 diabetes (DM2) and to compare metabolic and reproductive outcomes between women with and without PCOS. Design Cross-sectional study. Setting Tertiary hospital. Patient(s) Female inpatients age 18–75 years with DM2. Intervention(s) A face-to-face questionnaire was administered. Main Outcome Measure(s) Age at diagnosis of diabetes, history of gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, and reproductive history, fertility history, number of miscarriages, and morbidity in pregnancy. Result(s) One hundred seventy-one inpatients with DM2 participated. The prevalence of a history of PCOS was 37%. Women with PCOS had an earlier mean age of diagnosis of DM2 (44.2 vs. 48.8 years), higher recalled peak body mass index (BMI; 43.1 kg/m2 vs. 36.8 kg/m2), higher rate of gestational diabetes (28% vs. 18%), and higher rate of hypertension in pregnancy (40% vs. 22%). Women with PCOS were less likely to have a family history of DM2 than those without PCOS (45% vs. 67%). Conclusion(s) A history of PCOS in women with DM2 is associated with earlier onset of DM2, higher BMI, and a more severe phenotype. Since PCOS subjects were less likely to have a family history of DM2, lack of a family history of DM2 in women with PCOS is not reassuring for DM2 risk. We recommend identifying PCOS in early life and intervening to reduce the risk of diabetes and its comorbidities and suboptimal reproductive outcomes.
Surgical management of iliofemoral vein thrombosis during pregnancy and the puerperium; Background The risk of deep venous thrombosis is elevated during pregnancy and the puerperium. Therapy is usually limited to conservative measures as invasive thrombus removal is feared because of possible complications. However, leg- or life-threatening situations require fast thrombus removal, and the long-term rate of post-thrombotic syndrome (PTS) may be reduced by venous recanalization. Our center's experience may give support to surgical venous thrombectomy (VT). Methods Between 1996 and 2016, all women who received VT for pregnancy-related deep venous thrombosis in our department were included. Retrospective data were combined with a current follow-up. Results The study included 82 women with a mean age of 29 years (17-38 years). An additional arteriovenous fistula was performed in 79 and planned simultaneous cesarean section in 13 patients. Neither pulmonary emboli nor fetal complications occurred during surgery, and perioperative and postoperative mortality was 0%. Operative revision was required in 38% mainly for rethrombosis (24%) and bleeding (12%). One fetus died 2 months after VT of unrelated causes. After a mean of 83 months, complete venous recanalization was seen in 88%, venous valve sufficiency in 90%, and PTS in 31% without any ulcers. At 10 years, PTS incidence rose to reach 50% with limited statistical significance because of the number of patients reaching long-term follow-up. Conclusions Iliofemoral venous recanalization during pregnancy can be performed safely in a specialized center, with lower PTS rates than in historical controls.
The debate on treating subclinical hypothyroidism; Subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH) represents a mild or compensated form of primary hypothyroidism. The diagnosis of SCH is controversial,as its symptoms are non-specific and its biochemical diagnosis is arbitrary. The treatment of SCH was examined among non-pregnant adults,pregnant adults and children. In non-pregnant adults,treatment of SCH may prevent its progression to overt hypothyroidism,reduce the occurrence of coronary heart disease,and improve neuropsychiatric and musculoskeletal symptoms associated with hypothyroidism. These benefits are counteracted by cardiovascular,neuropsychiatric and musculoskeletal side effects. SCH is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes that may improve with treatment. Treating SCH in children is safe and may improve growth. Importantly,the evidence in this field is largely from retrospective and prospective studies with design limitations,which precludes a conclusive recommendation for the treatment of SCH.
Spotlight on empagliflozin/metformin fixed-dose combination for the treatment of type 2 diabetes: A systematic review; The dramatic rise in the prevalence of obesity and diabetes is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, and public health care costs worldwide. The need for new, effective, and long-lasting drugs is urgent. Recent research has focused on the role of the inhibitors of sodium-glucose co-transporter 2 (SGLT-2). Clinical trials have shown that SGLT-2 inhibitors have glycemic efficacy and weight-lowering potential. Dual drug therapy is a recommended therapy for patients with new-onset type 2 diabetes who need significant glycemic control. Fixed-dose combination therapy represents a particularly attractive option as it may reduce pill burden and improve adherence. The combination of metformin and empagliflozin was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration in 2014 and represents a safe and effective means to combat glycemic control and weight gain. The purpose of this systematic review is to summarize the background of the SGLT-2 inhibitors, particularly empagliflozin, and focus on the safety and efficacy of the fixed-dose combination of empagliflozin and metformin.
Metformin and sulphonylurea (second- or third-generation) combination therapy for adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus; This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: To assess the effects of metformin and sulphonylurea (second- or third-generation) combination therapy for adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
Long-term effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on mothers and offspring and strategies of postpartum follow up; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance that is first identified during pregnancy, excluding diabetic patients diagnosed before pregnancy. GDM not only can cause adverse events in mother and infant during pregnancy, but also has long-term effects after pregnancy. GDM can increase the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, metabolic syndrome, and depression in mothers and elevates risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, hypertension, and obesity in offspring. Effective postpartum follow up and intervention can reduce those risks. This article reviews long term effects of GDM on mothers and offspring and strategies and methods of postpartum follow up.
Premature cardiovascular disease following a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy; Background Following an episode of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) women have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease over their lifetime. At the time of acute coronary syndrome we compared clinical information between women with and without a history of hypertension in pregnancy to gain further insight into the pathophysiology of cardiovascular disease in this population. Methods GENESIS-PRAXY (GENdEr and Sex determInantS of cardiovascular disease: from bench to beyond - PRemature Acute Coronary SYdrome) is a prospective multicenter study, with recruitment between January 2009 and April 2013, including 242 parous women with premature acute coronary syndrome. Results The median age was 50 years (IQR 6) and HDP was common; 43 (17.8%) women had prior gestational hypertension, 33 (13.6%) preeclampsia and 166 (68.6%) a prior normotensive pregnancy. Women with a history of HDP commonly had chronic hypertension and diabetes and those presenting with ST-elevation myocardial infarction were more likely to have a history of preeclampsia (aOR 3.12, 95% CI 1.22-8.01) than were women with prior normotensive pregnancies. Neither gestational hypertension (aOR 1.40, 95% CI 0.60-3.26) nor preeclampsia (aOR 0.63, 95% CI 0.23-1.74) was associated with a higher composite risk of three-vessel, left main or proximal left anterior descending coronary disease. Conclusion In this study of women with premature cardiovascular disease, ST-elevation myocardial infarction was associated with a history of preeclampsia possibly because of persistent endothelial dysfunction. High-risk coronary lesions on angiography did not appear to have an association with preeclampsia or gestational hypertension despite a high burden of traditional risk factors.
Isolated Placental Inflammation and Vasculopathy: Clinical Implications in the Extremely Low Birth Weight Infants; The predictive values of placental histopathologies are compromised by a non-segregation of common anomalies. The effects of isolated pure placental inflammation (PI) and vasculopathy-coagulopathy (PV) were compared with normal (NL) placentas in extremely premature infants (ELBW, birth weight < 1000 g). PI infants required lower peak inspiratory pressure on day 3. More infants in PV were oxygen dependence on day 28. PV had an increased risk of intraventricular–periventricular hemorrhage (IVH, OR 4.9, 95% CI 1–24.7, p = 0.05). NL infants were unexposed to PPROM or maternal hypertension, had highest requirement for surfactant, did not develop IVH and periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) and none of them were Caucasian. Conclusions: In ELBW infants (1) pure placental vasculopathy-coagulopathy is a risk factor for IVH, (2) a non- pathological intrauterine environment is nonconducive to IVH and PVL, (3) pure placental inflammation is protective for acute pulmonary disease, (4) Caucasian mothers are more susceptible to adverse intrauterine environment.
Sacral agenesis: evaluation of accompanying pathologies in 38 cases, with analysis of long-term outcomes; Purpose: Sacral agenesis (SA), or caudal regression syndrome, is a congenital malformation of the spine of varying degree of severity. The aim of our study was to identify associated impairments in structure and function of the orthopedic, neurological, cardiopulmonary, genitourinary, and gastrointestinal systems, and to evaluate their impact on function. Methods: This was a retrospective case series analysis of 38 patients with SA. Patients were divided into two groups: SA with myelomeningocele (group 1) and without myelomeningocele (group 2). Between-group comparisons in terms of the features of the SA, impairments in associated systems, impact on gross motor function, need for surgery, and association with prenatal screening and maternal gestational diabetes were evaluated. Results: The majority of comorbidities were orthopedic and neurological in nature. Impairments in sphincter control and independent transferring were more prevalent in group 1, resulting in lower function. Scoliosis, kyphosis, and hip dislocation/subluxation were the most common orthopedic problems, with a higher prevalence of kyphosis in group 1. The requirement for neurosurgery was significantly higher in group 1. Conclusions: Orthopedic and neurological comorbidities are commonly associated with SA and are more prevalent in the presence of a myelomeningocele. As the impairments impact a child’s ability for maximum function, early identification and intervention is required to correct or ameliorate the impairment. Level of Evidence: Level IV.
Maternal gestational weight gain and offspring's risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality; Objective To examine the effect of maternal gestational weight gain (GWG) on adult offspring mortality, cardiovascular morbidity and cerebrovascular morbidity. Methods The Aberdeen Children of the Nineteen Fifties (ACONF) is a population-based cohort of adults born in Aberdeen, Scotland between 1950 and 1956. GWG of the mothers of cohort members was extracted from original birth records and linked to the data on offspring morbidity and mortality up to 2011 obtained from Scottish national records. HRs for cardiovascular events and mortality in offspring according to maternal weight gain in pregnancy were estimated adjusting for maternal and offspring confounders using a restricted cubic spline model. Results After exclusions, 3781 members of the original ACONF cohort were analysed. Of these, 103 (2.7%) had died, 169 (4.5%) had suffered at least one cardiovascular event and 73 (1.9%) had had a hospital admission for cerebrovascular disease. Maternal weight gain of 1 kg/week or more was associated with increased risk of cerebrovascular event in the offspring (adjusted HR 2.70 (95% CI 1.19 to 6.12)). There was no association seen between GWG and offspring's all-cause mortality or cardiovascular event. Adult offspring characteristics (smoking, body mass index (BMI) and diabetes) were strongly associated with each outcome. Conclusions Maternal GWG above 0.9 kg/week may increase the risk of cerebrovascular disease in the adult offspring, but not all-cause mortality or cardiovascular disease. Health and lifestyle factors such as smoking, BMI and diabetes in the adult offspring had a stronger influence than maternal and birth characteristics on their mortality and morbidity.
A Morgagni hernia with an absent ductus venosus: An unusual case causing unusual consequences; A Morgagni hernia is a rare form of congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH), comprising only 3–5% of all CDH cases. Agenesis of the ductus venosus with direct umbilical vein blood flow to the heart is a relatively uncommon finding that is often fatal in utero. We present a case of a 2-month-old infant with Morgagni hernia and absence of the ductus venosus. These combined defects led to neovascularization of the liver, severe pulmonary hypertension and right heart failure. In this report, we describe a Morgagni hernia that's presentation resembled that of a Bochdalek hernia likely because of concomitant absence of the ductus venosus causing severe pulmonary hypertension.
The Unchartered Frontier: Preventive Cardiology Between the Ages of 15 and 35 Years; It is well established that atherosclerosis, the pathological basis of cardiovascular disease (CVD), begins in childhood and progresses steadily between the ages of 15 to 35 years. These adolescent and young adult years are also marked by significant physiological, psychological, and sociodemographic changes that impact both CVD risk factor development and CVD prevention and treatment strategies. In this review, we highlight the importance of the primordial prevention of CVD risk factors before they ever occur and the primary prevention of CVD by treating CVD risk factors in this age group. Although the long time to first CVD event for most young people precludes the availability of clinical trials with hard end-points, findings from epidemiology, health psychology, health services research, and clinical trials with surrogate end-points are discussed to inform an evidence-based approach to CVD prevention in adolescents and young adults.
Effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A randomized controlled trial; It has previously been reported that the influence of vitamin D on the metabolism of calcium and phosphorus is associated with diabetes, cardiovascular disease, Alzheimer's disease, cancer and other systemic diseases, and is considered an important indicator of general health. The present study was conducted to determine the effect of various doses of vitamin D supplementation on glucose metabolism, lipid concentrations, inflammation and the levels of oxidative stress of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The present randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial was conducted on 133 pregnant women with GDM during weeks 24-28 of pregnancy. The patients were randomly divided into four groups. The control group (n=20) received a placebo (sucrose; one granule/day), the low dosage group (n=38) received the daily recommended intake of 200 IU vitamin D (calciferol) daily, the medium dosage group (n=38) received 50,000 IU monthly (2,000 IU daily for 25 days) and the high dosage group (n=37) received 50,000 IU every 2 weeks (4,000 IU daily for 12.5 days). The general characteristics and dietary intakes of the patients with GDM were similar between each group. Using ELISA kits, it was determined that insulin, homeostatic model assessment-insulin resistance and total cholesterol were significantly reduced by high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.05). Total antioxidant capacity and total glutathione levels were significantly elevated as a result of high dosage vitamin D supplementation (P<0.01). In conclusion, high-dose vitamin D supplementation (50,000 IU every 2 weeks) significantly improved insulin resistance in pregnant women with GDM.
Second Trimester Fetal and Maternal Epicardial Fat Thickness in Gestational Diabetic Pregnancies; Our aim was to evaluate the association between gestational diabetes mellitus and sonographically measured fetal epicardial fat thickness between 24-28 weeks' gestation. This was a cross-sectional study that included 40 pregnancies with gestational diabetes mellitus, matched with 40 normal pregnancies with similar maternal age, body-mass index, gestational age, fetal gender, and fetal abdominal circumference on ultrasound. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was measured and recorded during ultrasonography at 24-28 weeks of gestation. Maternal evaluation included measurement of maternal epicardial fat thickness, using echocardiography. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were compared across the groups. Ultrasound views of fetal epicardial fat thickness were evaluated independently by 3 perinatology fellows to determine inter- and intra-observer variability. Partial and intraclass correlation analyses were used. Fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness measurements were moderately correlated (r=0.63). Mean fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values were higher in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies (p=0.004 and p<0.0001, respectively) compared to controls. Fetal epicardial fat thickness was positively correlated (r=0.43) with postchallenge 2-h glucose values. Inter- and intra-observer agreement was high, demonstrated by strong correlations (r=0.99 and r=0.99, respectively) across fetal epicardial fat thickness measurements of the examiners. Fetuses from gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies have significantly higher fetal and maternal epicardial fat thickness values compared to nongestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Fetal epicardial fat thickness obtained during second trimester fetal anatomy ultrasound may potentially be a reliable indicator for gestational diabetes mellitus. However, clinical validation studies are needed.
Short-term safety evaluation of the offspring conceived by 7272 artificial insemination cycles with donor spermatozoon; This case–control study was designed to investigate the safety of the AID technology. The health status of the offspring conceived by 1620 couples who underwent 7272 AID cycles in our Center for Reproductive Medicine between June 2006 and December 2012 was retrospectively analysed. The control group included 1018 women who naturally conceived and delivered in the same period. Twin birth rate was significantly higher in the AID group (no triplet birth) than in the control group (2.01% versus 0.39%, P < 0.01). In the AID group, Caesarean delivery was used in 1299 cases (81.65%), spontaneous vaginal delivery (18.04%) and forceps-assisted vaginal delivery (0.31%).There was no significant difference in male/female ratio of the offspring between AID and control groups (113.55 : 100 versus 113.36 : 100, P > 0.05). Compared to natural pregnancy, a pregnancy through AID resulted in higher multiple birth rate, premature delivery rate and neonatal congenital malformation rate. Increased multiple birth rate was attributable to ovulation induction, and increased rate of low-birthweight infants was related to multiplets and premature delivery. Caesarean delivery was preferred in couples who received AID treatment. The male/female ratio of the AID offspring was similar between natural pregnancy and AID pregnancy.
Diabetes and complications: Cellular signaling pathways, current understanding and targeted therapies; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder and over the past decades, it has become a major cause of morbidity and mortality affecting the youth and middle-aged as it is the fourth leading cause of disease related to death. In both type 1 and type 2 diabetes the severe pathogenesis cause micro vascular complications: nephropathy, retinopathy, neuropathy and macro vascular complications: cardiovascular disease, heart attacks and stroke. Under hyperglycemia, activation of different signaling mechanisms such as an increased polyol pathway, advanced-glycation end product formation, activation of Protein Kinase C and hexosamine pathway leads to the over expression of reactive oxygen species and causes pathogenesis of diabetic complications. It is necessary to understand these pathways in diabetic complications causing damage to the secondary system of the body. In the past decade the understanding of these biochemical changes has increased tremendously and various molecules have been exploited as therapeutic targets for diabetic complications as better therapeutic approach. In this review, a brief overview about diabetes mellitus and chronic complications with their current understandings of cellular/molecular mechanisms and targeted therapies along with novel therapeutic strategies is discussed.
Complete unbalanced atrioventricular septal defect with a common arterial trunk in an uncontrolled type 1 diabetic mother: A case of diabetic embryopathy; When performed by a trained sonographer, fetal echocardiography can be instrumental in identifying cardiac pathology and abnormal cardiac physiology before a baby is born. Even though the diagnostic accuracy of a fetal echocardiogram can be limited by maternal body habitus, gestational age, and fetal position, sequential exams allow for detailed analysis of the cardiac structures. Early identification and diagnosis of intrauterine cardiac anomalies and subsequent pregnancy management and delivery planning are essential to providing the best possible outcome for fetuses born with heart defects. In this case study, we describe a rare combination of congenital heart defects diagnosed in an uncontrolled type 1 diabetic mother while in her second trimester of pregnancy.
Neonatal Arterial Morphology Is Related to Body Size in Abnormal Human Fetal Growth; Background - Restriction in fetal growth is associated with cardiovascular disease in adulthood. It is unclear whether abnormal intrauterine growth influences arterial morphology during the fetal or neonatal stage. The objective was to study the regional arterial morphology with respect to gestational age and abnormal fetal body size. Methods and Results - We studied body anthropometrics and arterial morphology and physiology in 174 neonates born between 31 and 42 weeks of gestation, including neonates with birth weights appropriate, small, and large for age, with very high resolution vascular ultrasound (35-55 MHz). In simple linear regressions, parameters of body size (body weight, body surface area, and organ circumference) and gestational age were statistically significantly associated with common carotid, brachial, femoral arterial parameters (lumen diameter [LD], wall layer thickness [intima-media thickness and intima-media-adventitia thickness], and carotid artery wall stress [CAWS]). Male sex was statistically significantly associated with LD and CAWS. In multiple linear regression models, body size, gestational age, and sex explained a large proportion of the arterial variance (R2 range, 0.37-0.47 for LD; 0.09-0.35 for intima-media thickness; 0.21-0.41 for intima-media-adventitia thickness; and 0.23 for CAWS; all models P<0.001). Arterial wall layer thickness, LDs, and CAWS were independently and strongly predicted by body size, and no effect of maternal disease was observed when added to the models. Gestational age and male sex were also independently but more weakly associated with arterial LDs and CAWS (P<0.01), but not with arterial wall layers. Conclusions - These results indicate that the intrauterine growth of fetal arterial LD and wall layer thickness are primarily attributed to body growth overall. LD and CAWS show weaker association with gestational age and sex.
Improving prescription of physical exercise in prophylaxis/therapy of gestational diabetes: A survey from evidence to current recommendations; Exercise has been proved to be safe during pregnancy and to offer benefits for both mother and fetus; moreover, physical activity may represent a useful tool for gestational diabetes prevention and treatment. Therefore, all women in uncomplicated pregnancy should be encouraged to engage in physical activity as part of a healthy lifestyle. However, exercise in pregnancy needs a careful medical evaluation to exclude medical or obstetric contraindications to exercise, and an appropriate prescription considering frequency, intensity, type and duration of exercise, to carefully balance between potential benefits and potential harmful effects. Moreover, some precautions related to anatomical and functional adaptations observed during pregnancy should be taken into consideration. This survey summarized the suggested recommendations for physical activity among pregnant women with focus on gestational diabetes.
Polyglandular autoimmune syndrome in pregnancy: Case report; Type III Polyglandular Autoimmune Syndrome is a multiple endocrine disorders disease determined by autoimmunity; it can be diagnosed if a patient is affected by Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus and another autoimmune disease, except Addison Disease, for example Autoimmune Hashimoto Thyroiditis or Celiac Disease. R.D., 34-year-old woman (gravida 2 para 1), was referred to the High Risk Pregnancy Outpatient Clinic at Cannizzaro Hospital in Catania at 8 weeks’ gestation. She was affected from type III Polyglandular Autoimmune Disease (Type 1 Diabetes Mellitus, Autoimmune Hashimoto Thyroiditis and Celiac Disease). Pre-conception glycated hemoglobin and thyrotropin levels were normal. This pregnancy was characterized by glycemic instability and the need to increase the insulin units every month. The patient was hospitalized at 32+6 weeks for monitoring fetus and mother health because of inadequate glycemic control and the high insulin dosage required. She was delivered by caesarean section at 36+6 weeks because of uterine contractions, the previous cesarean section, glycemic instability and the gestational age. She delivered a baby boy, birth-weight 3300 g, Apgar 8-9. She was discharged in the fourth day after delivery with good maternal and child prognosis. Literature data and the experience derived by this case report suggest some recommendations to improve obstetrics and neonatologist outcome in the patients affected from type III Polyglandular Autoimmune Syndrome: pre-conception counseling, thyrotropin assay every 4-6 weeks, gluten-free diet, fasting and post-prandial blood glucose level targets.
The potential role of biomarkers in predicting gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GD) is a frequent complication during pregnancy and is associated with maternal and neonatal complications. It is suggested that a disturbing environment for the foetus, such as impaired glucose metabolism during intrauterine life, may result in enduring epigenetic changes leading to increased disease risk in adult life. Hence, early prediction of GD is vital. Current risk prediction models are based on maternal and clinical parameters, lacking a strong predictive value. Adipokines are mainly produced by adipocytes and suggested to be a link between obesity and its cardiovascular complications. Various adipokines, including adiponectin, leptin and TNFα, have shown to be dysregulated in GD. This review aims to outline biomarkers potentially associated with the pathophysiology of GD and discuss the role of integrating predictive biomarkers in current clinical risk prediction models, in order to enhance the identification of those at risk.
Prenatal clinical assessment of NT-proBNP as a diagnostic tool for preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus; Common complications of pregnancy include preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Hypertensive disorders (PE/GH) and GDM may result in greater maternal, fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Women with PE/GH, one of the most common causes of heart burden in an obstetrical setting, present with elevated serum levels of BNP and NT-proBNP. The aim of this study was to shed more light on the role of NT-proBNP in pathophysiology of PE, GH and GDM. The study included 156 pregnant women with singleton pregnancies. A total of 26 women developed arterial hypertension during pregnancy, 14 were diagnosed with PE, and GDM was detected in 81 patients. The control group included 35 women with uncomplicated pregnancies, normal arterial blood pressure and normal glucose concentrations. Patients with GH presented with significantly higher serum concentrations of NT-proBNPthan normotensive women (65.5 vs. 37.4 pg/ml; p = 0.0136). Serum levels of NT-proBNP in patients with PE were the highest of all the analyzed subsets, being significantly higher than in women without this condition (89.00 vs. 37.4pg/ml,p = 0,0136). However, women with and without GDM did not differ significantly in terms of their serum NT-proBNPconcentrations. Serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) (p = 0.0001) and BMI (p<0.0001) turned out to be independent predictors of GH on multivariate logistic regression analysis.Moreover, serum NT-proBNP (pg/ml) was identified as an independent indicator of PE (p = 0.0016). A significant inverse correlation was found between birth weight and maternal serum NT-proBNP concentrations. In our opinion, NT-proBNP can be a useful clinical marker of GH and PE. Determination of NT-proBNP levels may be helpful in identification of patients with PE and GH and in their qualification for intensive treatment; this in turn, may be reflected by better neonatal outcomes.
Relationship between ABO blood group and pregnancy complications: A systematic literature analysis; Given the expression of ABO blood group antigens on the surface of a wide range of human cells and tissues, the putative interplay of the ABO system in human biology outside the area of transfusion and transplantation medicine constitutes an intriguing byway of research. Thanks to evidence accumulated over more than 50 years, the involvement of the ABO system in the pathogenesis of several human diseases, including cardiovascular, infectious and neoplastic disorders, is now acknowledged. However, there is controversial information on the potential association between ABO blood type and adverse pregnancy outcomes, including pre-eclampsia and related disorders (eclampsia, HELLP syndrome and intrauterine growth restriction), venous thromboembolism, post-partum haemorrhage and gestational diabetes. To elucidate the role of ABO antigens in pregnancy-related complications, we performed a systematic review of the literature published in the past 50 years. A meta-analytical approach was also applied to the existing literature on the association between ABO status and pre-eclampsia. The results of this systematic review are presented and critically discussed, along with the possible pathogenic implications.
Development of horner's syndrome in a parturient from a lumbar epidural: Variation in anatomy or inadvertent subdural catheter placement?; Introduction Horner's syndrome, or oculosympathetic palsy, is a rare complication of neuraxial anesthesia. It is characterized by unilateral ptosis, miosis, anhidrosis, and potentially anophthalmos. It occurs from the interruption of sympathetic tone originating from the C8-T1 sympathetic nerve fibers. The estimated incidence of Horner's syndrome is 0.4-4% in the parturient population4,5. The incidence of inadvertent subdural catheter placement from an epidural procedure is approximately 0.82%1,2. Subdural catheter placement manifests as delayed, extensive, and asymmetric sensory blockade, often with sparing of the sacral dermatomes, and varying degrees of motor block1. We report a case of an apparent uncomplicated epidural catheter placement for labor and delivery, which resulted in severe hemodynamic instability and Horner's Syndrome. Results/Case report 28 year old, G5P2022, 75 kg, parturient at 39 weeks gestation who presented for induction of labor for suspected fetal macrosomia. Her past medical history includes Celiac disease and anemia; while her surgical history includes a low transverse, primary C-section for failure to progress. She previously had one epidural placement that she described as 'somewhat' successful, with her first pregnancy. At 5 cm dilation, the patient requested an epidural for pain control. Syringe aspiration during the first epidural attempt, in the midline between the third and fourth lumbar levels, was positive for blood. A second epidural catheter placement attempt was made in the midline between the third and fourth lumbar levels. The epidural catheter was threaded to 12 cm at the skin. Syringe aspiration was negative for CSF or blood, and an epidural test dose (1.5% Lidocaine with 1:200,000 Epinephrine, 3mL) was negative. The patient received an epidural bolus of 0.25% Bupivacaine, in two, 4 mL injections and 100 mcg Fentanyl. An epidural infusion consisting of a 0.0625% Bupivacaine and 2 mcg/mL Fentanyl solution was begun at 14 mL/hr. Shortly thereafter, she complained of shortness of breath, became hypotensive with a blood pressure of 77/39 and tachycardic with a heart rate of 120. She had one watery emesis, developed right eye droop, and reported right arm parasthesia. A fluid bolus and Phenylephrine was administered, and the epidural infusion was stopped. Her vital signs stabilized. Discussion we performed an epidural contrast study and administered 13 mL of Omnipaque-300 contrast to simulate the total local anesthetic volume administered prior to symptom development. CT imaging revealed contrast predominantly on the right side of the spinal canal, from L5 to C1, with some distribution to the left side at T10-L2, Figure 1 and 2. The contrast surrounds the right nerves root and foramina as seen in both Figure 3 and 4. While both diagnostic methods would suggest that the patient had a subdural injection, imaging studies revealed that the epidural was in the epidural space. These findings suggest that the patient's anatomic variation of a narrowed, primarily right sided, epidural space led to the development of a right sided Horner's syndrome rather than an accidental subdural catheter placement.
Contributions of the Nurses' Health Studies to Reproductive Health Research; OBJECTIVES: To review the Nurses' Health Study's (NHS's) contribution to identifying risk factors and long-term health consequences of reproductive events.
Insulin rescues long-term central complications in amurine model of offspring fromtype I diabetesmothers; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the most common chronic diseases nowadays, with a prevalence of 387 million diabetics worldwide. Type I diabetes (T1D) is the second most common cause of diabetes and it is characterized by the selective destruction of pancreatic β-cells, in most cases due to an autoimmune mechanism, causing an insulin deficit. Previous studies have shown that T1D may lead to central complications such as cognitive problems, cortical atrophy or stroke. However, the potential long-term effects of T1D, in pregnant women, on their offspring central nervous system are not entirely clarified. In order to further explore the relationship between T1D during the pregnancy and central pathology in their offspring, we have induced T1D in CD1 mice by streptozotozin (STZ) administration immediately before pregnancy. Puppies from T1D mothers showed severe brain atrophy, that affected the cortex and hippocampus, and this effect was reversed by intracerebroventricular or intranasal insulin administration. Similarly, reduced neuronal density in offspring from T1D mothers was rescued by insulin administration. Insulin also recovered neuronal density in treated offspring from diabetic mothers. Moreover, at subcellular level, neuronal complexity was significantly affected in puppies from STZ-treated mothers and insulin reversed this situation.While local intracerebroventricular administration rescued observed central pathological features, intranasal administration resulted in a complete reversion of all deficits under study, supporting the role of this administration pathway to successfully access the central nervous system. Altogether, our data suggest that intracerebroventricular or intranasal insulin treatment could improve the prognosis of infants from T1D mothers in the long term.
Anaesthesia management in a child with Apert syndrome with craniosynostosis; Apert syndrome is a rare congenial anomaly with multisystem involvement. It is characterized by craniosynostosis,midfacial hypoplasia and global syndactyly.Altered upper and lower airway anatomy, multiple visceral anomalies and multiple repeat surgeries are main anaesthetic challenges. Here we report a case of seven month old child with Apert syndrome who was posted for posterior sagittal anorectoplasty.
Macrovascular complications in pregnancy and diabetes; This review discusses macrovascular conditions which may occur during pregnancy complicated by diabetes. It describes the effect of dyslipidaemia and hypertension on foeto-maternal outcomes and explores the pathogenesis of these states.
Maternal complications in pregnancy with diabetes; Maternal complications of diabetes in pregnancy include obstetric complications such as pre-eclampsia, preterm labour, polyhydramnios, increased operative delivery and increased infective morbidity. These can be minimized with optimal glycaemic control. Additionally, pregnancies with overt/pregestational diabetes may have diabetes related complications such as hypoglycaemia, worsening of retinopathy, nephropathy and diabetic ketoacidosis. Women with pre-existing diabetic vasculopathy should be managed with multi-disciplinary approach with maternal and foetal surveillance to detect any deterioration. Such patients have a poor pregnancy outcome. Gastropathy and coronary artery disease in diabetics is a contraindication to pregnancy.
EVALUATING HEALTH IN PREGNANCY GRANTS IN SCOTLAND: A NATURAL EXPERIMENT; Background The developmental model of the origins of chronic diseases has shown the importance of undernutrition and poor development in utero on disease in later life, including coronary heart disease and stroke. Tracing disease back to fetal development means that this period can also be seen as the origin of health inequalities and, as such, a priority time for intervention to improve health outcomes. This paper reports on the evaluation of Health in Pregnancy (HiP) grants, a UK-wide unconditional universal cash transfer of £190 made to pregnant women who had sought medical advice before the 25th week of pregnancy. The grant was designed to provide additional financial support towards a healthy lifestyle including diet, with the cash element providing a greater incentive to seek advice at the appropriate time. Methods This natural experiment was evaluated using routinely collected data for all singleton births in Scotland before (2004-2009), during (2009-2011) and after (2011-2013) the introduction of the HiP grants. In addition to the primary outcome of birthweight (BW) we evaluated the effect on other measures of stage and size and maternal behaviour including contacting the midwife before 25 weeks. We looked for evidence of differential effects among subgroups including those defined by area deprivation, social class, marital status and maternal diabetes. The analysis was restricted to Scotland because of the high quality routine data available. We used interrupted time series models adjusted for time trends and seasonality in addition to maternal and birth characteristics to estimate the effect of the intervention (INT) and post-intervention (POST) periods relative to the years pre-intervention, and used multiple imputation to reduce any bias due to missing data. Results Among the 525,400 singleton births from 2004-2013 there was no significant relationship with BW (INT = -2.3 g, 95% CI: -1.9 to 6.6) or other measures of size and stage. The intervention was associated with an increase in the odds of booking before 25 weeks that disappeared post-intervention (INT OR = 1.10, 95% CI: 1.02 to 1.18; POST OR = 0.91, 95% CI: 0.83-1.00). Results for the subgroups largely mirrored those seen for the population. Conclusion The small financial incentive did not have an impact on birthweight or other measures of size or stage but did appear to have changed health seeking behaviour. It is not clear that a threshold of 25 weeks is optimal to improve birth outcomes given that this is late in the pregnancy. Future evaluations would be enhanced if some randomisation were included in the study design.
Amendment of amino acid in Q192R genetic polymorphism of paraoxonase 1 is a conventional risk factor for type 2 diabetes mellitus in the Saudi population; Background: The paraoxonase 1 (PON1) gene polymorphism Q192R has been found to be consistent with multiple metabolic diseases comprising type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The R allele has been found to be associated with coronary artery disease and gestational diabetes in a Saudi population. Therefore, we attempted to determine the association between Q192R and T2DM in a Saudi population. Materials and methods: Eight hundred subjects were enrolled in this case-control study, including T2DM patients (n = 400) and control individuals (n = 400). Epidemiological, clinical, and Q192R genotype data were obtained from all the subjects included in this study. Genotyping was performed by PCR-RFLP analysis followed by 2.5% agarose gel electrophoresis. Results: The clinical characteristics and metabolic variables were significantly higher in T2DM compared with controls, and also with allele and genotype frequencies[R vs. Q: odds ratio (OR), 1.659; 95% confidence interval (95% CI), 1.344-2.048; P = 0.0002; RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.1; 95% CI, 1.3-3.2; P = 0.001; QR+RR vs. QQ; OR, 2.101; 95% CI, 1.583-2.788; P = 0.0002)]. Multiple regression analysis showed positive correlation of lipid profile with genotype (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The present findings provide robust evidence of PON1 Q192R polymorphism being associated with T2DM in a Saudi population.
Pharmaceutical cost and multimorbidity with type 2 diabetes mellitus using electronic health record data; BACKGROUND: The objective of the study is to estimate the frequency of multimorbidity in type 2 diabetes patients classified by health statuses in a European region and to determine the impact on pharmaceutical expenditure.
Polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) affects 5-20% of women of reproductive age worldwide. The condition is characterized by hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and polycystic ovarian morphology (PCOM)-with excessive androgen production by the ovaries being a key feature of PCOS. Metabolic dysfunction characterized by insulin resistance and compensatory hyperinsulinaemia is evident in the vast majority of affected individuals. PCOS increases the risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes and other pregnancy-related complications, venous thromboembolism, cerebrovascular and cardiovascular events and endometrial cancer. PCOS is a diagnosis of exclusion, based primarily on the presence of hyperandrogenism, ovulatory dysfunction and PCOM. Treatment should be tailored to the complaints and needs of the patient and involves targeting metabolic abnormalities through lifestyle changes, medication and potentially surgery for the prevention and management of excess weight, androgen suppression and/or blockade, endometrial protection, reproductive therapy and the detection and treatment of psychological features. This Primer summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the epidemiology, mechanisms and pathophysiology, diagnosis, screening and prevention, management and future investigational directions of the disorder.
Placental atherosclerosis and markers of endothelial dysfunction in infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes; Background and objective The pathophysiology of gestational diabetes itself causes hyperstimulation of adipose tissue and of the placenta cells increasing the production of inflammatory cytokines, which cause changes in the tissues exposed such as the placenta and foetus. Therefore, the objective of this study was to compare metabolic markers and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood, as well as to determine the presence of atherosclerosis in the placentas of newborn infants of patients with gestational diabetes and in patients with normally progressing pregnancies. Patients and method An analytical cross-sectional study was carried out in 84 patients, obtaining data such as age, smoking and weight gain in pregnancy; the gestational age of the newborns was determined by Capurro, and their weight and destination subsequent to birth, the placentas were also collected in order to look for atherosclerosis through histological studies and glucose, insulin, VLDL-C, HDL-C, triglycerides, cholesterol, fibrinogen, PCR and markers of endothelial dysfunction (adiponectin, VCAM-1, ICAM-1 and IL-6) were determined in blood samples obtained from the umbilical cord. Results Placental atherosclerosis presented in 28.94% of the group with gestational diabetes compared to 10.52% of the group with normally progressing pregnancies (P=.044); differences were found in glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, HOMA-IR, PCR-us, HDL-C, not in VLDL-C. Twenty-one point five percent of the newborns of the gestational diabetes patients required hospitalization, against 5.2% in the control group, Conclusions Pregnancies that involve diabetes have higher proportion of atherosclerosis, hospitalization of the newborn, insulin resistance, as well as elevation of markers associated with inflammation and endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord blood.
Maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of the study is to evaluate maternal serum atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and brain-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) levels in patients with getational diabetes mellitus compared with a control group.Methods: We have measured maternal serum ANP and BNP levels in 35 otherwise healthy and 45 gestational diabetic women between gestational week 24 and 28 referred to our unit in a cross-sectional study. Independent samples t-test or the Mann-Whitney U-test was used for comparison of two groups where appropriate.Results: Mean maternal serum homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), HbA1c, fasting glucose and insulin levels in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) group were significantly higher than the control group (p < 0.01). Mean maternal serum ANP and BNP levels of women with GDM were significantly lower than the control group (12.9 ± 9.9 versus 34.8 ± 16.9 pg/ml, p < 0.001; 416.6 ± 209.7 versus 629.7 ± 162.2 mg/dl, p < 0.001, respectively). Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels were negatively correlated with insulin levels, HbA1c and HOMA-IR values (p < 0.05).Conclusions: Maternal serum ANP and BNP levels are significantly lower in patients with GDM. These biomarkers might be valuable in clinical setting for identifying high-risk women for developing diabetes during pregnancy.
Pregnancy after oocyte donation in 45, X Turner syndrome women, complicated by gestational diabetes and polyhydramnios. Case report and mini-review of literature; Patients suffering from Turner syndrome (TS) demonstrate characteristic clinical features, with a short stature and gonadal dysgenesis causing infertility in most patients. Spontaneous pregnancies in women with TS are quite rare and pregnancy outcomes involving an increased risk of miscarriage and stillbirths are observed. In this case report, we present a 28 years old pregnant woman with the diagnosis of TS. Due to hypergonadotrophic hypogonadism, she was proposed an in vitro fertilization (IVF) program with an oocyte donor from unrelated anonymous women. After the second transfer, implantation occurred. In the 24th week of gestation, gestational diabetes class 1 was diagnosed. In the 31st week of gestation, polyhydramnios was diagnosed, although other parameters were reassuring. Considering the polyhydramnios, along with the diagnosis of Turner syndrome in the mother, we decided to perform an elective cesarean section. Subsequently, a healthy term male was born. For most women with the diagnosis of TS, the only way to become pregnant is through oocyte donation. The aim of this work was to characterize the course of pregnancy in TS patient and review literature addressing this issue.
Acute myocardial infarction due to coronary dissection in early postpartum; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is a rare but well known cause of myocardial ischemia. The majority of the victims are young who have a few cardiac risk factors. SCAD typically causes large myocardial infarction and presents significant challenges to diagnosis and management. SCAD is the most common cause of myocardial ischemia during peripartum and postpartum period in woman of childbearing age. We present a case of acute anterior myocardial infarction (MI) in a breastfeeding woman, 13 days after delivery. The presumed cause was flow limiting left anterior descending (LAD) artery dissection, in the particular context of peripartum. We discuss briefly the epidemiology, pathophysiology, risk factors, diagnosis, treatment and prognosis of myocardial infarction related to pregnancy and postpartum period.
Risk Factors for Intracardiac Thrombosis in the Right Atrium and Superior Vena Cava in Critically Ill Neonates who Required the Installation of a Central Venous Catheter; Background Central venous catheter (CVC) installation is essential for the treatment of critically ill neonates; however, it is associated with the development of neonatal intracardiac thrombosis, which is a complication that is associated with a poor prognosis. We aimed to identify specific risk factors for the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the right atrium (RA) and superior vena cava (SVC) related to the use of CVC in critically ill neonates. Methods A case–control study was conducted at the tertiary referral neonatal intensive care unit of the Pediatric Hospital Siglo XXI in Mexico City, Mexico from 2008 to 2013. The included cases (n = 43) were de novo patients with intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC diagnosed by echocardiography. The controls (n = 43) were neonates without intracardiac thrombosis or thrombosis at other sites. A logistic regression analysis was conducted, and odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were calculated. Results The independent risk factors for intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC were the surgical cut-down insertion technique (OR = 2.98; 95% CI: 1.18–9.10), a maternal history of gestational diabetes/diabetes mellitus (OR = 10.64; 95% CI: 1.13–121.41), Staphylococcus epidermidis infection (OR = 7.09; 95% CI: 1.09–45.92), and CVC placement in the SVC (OR = 5.77; 95% CI: 1.10–30.18). Conclusion This study allowed us to identify several contributing factors to the development of intracardiac thrombosis in the RA and SVC related to the installation of a CVC in a subgroup of critically ill neonates. Multicenter and well-designed studies with a larger number of patients could help validate our findings and/or identify other risk factors that were not identified in the present study.
The changing indications and rates of cesarean section in one academic center over a 16-year period (1997–2012); Objective To compare trends and rates of cesarean section delivery by indication in one academic center. Materials and Methods A retrospective analysis of the indications of all cesarean sections performed in Edith Wolfson Medical Center, Holon, Israel, a tertiary healthcare university facility, during 1997–2012 was done. Each delivery was assigned to the primary indication noted for that pregnancy, regardless of other indications reported. Whenever more than one indication was present, the principle indication chosen by the attending obstetrician was chosen for the analysis. Results The cesarean section rate gradually rose from 15.29% in 1997 to 21.10% in 2012, with an overall cesarean section rate of 20.66%. The cesarean section rate between 1997 and 2000 was 17.52%, between 2001 and 2004 was 18.5%, between 2005 and 2009 was 22.86%, and between 2009 and 2012 was 22.07% (p < 0.001). The five leading primary indications across the years were previous cesarean section (26.0%), non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern (18.1%), malpresentation (16.9%), labor dystocia (8.8%), and suspected macrosomia (7.2%). Conclusion Previous cesarean section persistently increased and was the leading indication throughout the years. Any attempt to reverse this trend must be based on reduction of the primary cesarean section rate.
Evaluation of referral pattern for fetal echocardiography at a tertiary care center in a developing country and its implications-A pilot study; Objective: To determine the referral pattern for fetal echocardiography (FE) at our tertiary referral center for pediatric cardiac care in northern India and identify the lacunae in the referral system. Methods: A prospective study of 201 consecutive patients referred for fetal echo. Data collected included referral indication, gestational age, maternal age and the gravida, final diagnosis after fetal echo. Results Of the total 201 patients, 196 had specific referral indication while 5 were self referrals. Mean gestational age of referral was 24 ± 5 weeks in the entire cohort and 27 ± 4 weeks in those detected to have CHD. Commonest indication was echogenic cardiac foci (30 %). CHD was diagnosed in 38 (19 %) patients. Four patients had arrythmia but had normal cardiac anatomy. Indication yielding highest number of CHD cases was abnormal cardiac image on USG (69 %). Only 2 patients were referred for a high nuchal translucency (NT). Conclusion: Several lacunae in the practice of fetal echocardiography were noted in our pilot study. 1. Average age of referral was 24 weeks of gestation with 73 % of the total referrals and 57 % of those detected with CHD being referred beyond 20 weeks. 2. Lack of awareness of importance of NT with consequent poor referrals for this indication was noted. In many cases NT measurements were not available. 3. Echogenic nodule, which constitutes a controversial indication for referral for fetal echo constituted the bulk of our referrals. 4. There was no systematic pattern of referral of patients of diabetic mothers for fetal echo with the patients being referred at any random gestational age irrespective of the fact whether maternal diabetes was pre-gestational or gestational. 5. Our pilot study reflects a poor understanding in the medical community of the importance of correct referral practices for fetal echocardiography in this part of the country and is likely to reflect a similar pattern in the developing world as a whole. It also indicates a need for educating the sonographers and gynaecologist regarding the correct referral practice.
Consequences of a maternal high-fat diet and late gestation diabetes on the developing rat lung; Rationale: Infants born to diabetic or obese mothers are at risk of respiratory distress and persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN), conceivably through fuel-mediated pathogenic mechanisms. Prior research and preventative measures focus on controlling maternal hyperglycemia, but growing evidence suggests a role for additional circulating fuels including lipids. Little is known about the individual or additive effects of a maternal high-fat diet on fetal lung development. Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, alone and alongside late-gestation diabetes, on lung alveologenesis and vasculogenesis, as well as to ascertain if consequences persist beyond the perinatal period. Methods: A rat model was used to study lung development in offspring from control, diabetesexposed, high-fat diet-exposed and combination-exposed pregnancies via morphometric, histologic (alveolarization and vasculogenesis) and physiologic (echocardiography, pulmonary function) analyses at birth and 3 weeks of age. Outcomes were interrogated for diet, diabetes and interaction effect using ANOVA with significance set at p≤0.05. Findings prompted additional mechanistic inquiry of key molecular pathways. Results: Offspring exposed to maternal diabetes or high-fat diet, alone and in combination, had smaller lungs and larger hearts at birth. High-fat diet-exposed, but not diabetes-exposed offspring, had a higher perinatal death rate and echocardiographic evidence of PPHN at birth. Alveolar mean linear intercept, septal thickness, and airspace area (D2) were not significantly different between the groups; however, markers of lung maturity were. Both diabetes- exposed and diet-exposed offspring expressed more T1α protein, a marker of type I cells. Diet-exposed newborn pups expressed less surfactant protein B and had fewer pulmonary vessels enumerated. Mechanistic inquiry revealed alterations in AKT activation, higher endothelin-1 expression, and an impaired Txnip/VEGF pathway that are important for vessel growth and migration. After 3 weeks, mortality remained highest and static lung compliance and hysteresis were lowest in combination-exposed offspring. Conclusion: This study emphasizes the effects of a maternal high-fat diet, especially alongside late-gestation diabetes, on pulmonary vasculogenesis, demonstrates adverse consequences beyond the perinatal period and directs attention to mechanistic pathways of interest. Findings provide a foundation for additional investigation of preventative and therapeutic strategies aimed at decreasing pulmonary morbidity in at-risk infants.
The impact of macronutrients on retinal microvasculature among Singapore pregnant women during the mid-late gestation; Background Imbalanced macronutrient intakes can induce impairment of endothelial and vascular function, and further lead to metabolic and cardiovascular disease. However, little is known about the influence of such diets on endothelial and vascular dysfunction in pregnant women, even though high-fat diet is a known risk for pregnancy complications such as gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Objective We aimed to assess the association between maternal macronutrient intakes (protein, fat and carbohydrates), dietary quality and retinal microvascular changes in a multi-ethnic Asian mother-offspring cohort. Methods Pregnant women (n = 614) with singleton pregnancies were recruited during their first trimester from June 2009 to Sep 2010. Maternal diet quality and macronutrient intakes, expressed as a percentage of total energy during pregnancy, were ascertained using 24 hr recalls and 3 d food diaries at 26-28 weeks gestation. Retinal examination was completed at the same clinic visit. Dietary quality was assessed and scored using the Health Eating Index in Asian Pregnant women (HEI-AP), while macronutrients intakes ware expressed as percentages of total energy and further log transformed for analysis. Associations were examined cross-sectionally by substitution models with the use of multiple linear regression. Results In adjusted model, each 20 points decrease in HEI-AP score was associated with a significant increase of 1.70 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular calibre. Each 0.1 log increase in percentage of total fat intake was associated with a significant increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.05) in retinal venular caliber. Additionally, each 0.1 log increase in percentage of mono-unsaturated fat intake was associated with an increment of 1.84 μm(p<0.01) in retinal venular caliber. Conclusions In this cross-sectional study, we found that women with higher fat and lower protein intakes, and lower diet quality tended to have wider retinal venular caliber, which is suggestive of suboptimal microvasculature.
Study of Regional Left Ventricular Longitudinal Function in Fetuses with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus by Velocity Vector Imaging; Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical value of velocity vector imaging in the assessment of regional left ventricular longitudinal function in fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus. Methods: Digital dynamic four-chamber views of 98 fetuses with gestational diabetes mellitus and 135 normal fetuses were collected and analyzed using velocity vector imaging. The regional tissue velocity, strain, and strain rate of the interventricular septum and left lateral wall were separately measured in systole and diastole. Results: A total of 207 of 233 cases were analyzed successfully. Vs (systolic velocity) and Vd (diastolic velocity) were age-dependent and gradually decreased from the basal segment to the apical segment in the left ventricle (P < 0.05). The Vs after 32+0 weeks, Vd after 28+0 weeks, and S (strain), SRs (systolic strain rate), and SRd (diastolic strain rate) after 24+0 weeks in the left ventricle of fetuses with GDM were obviously lower than the corresponding parameters of normal fetuses (P < 0.05). Conclusion: VVI can evaluate the fetal regional left ventricular longitudinal function.
Preeclampsia, of mice and women; Preeclampsia (PE) is a devastating disorder of pregnancy that affects up to 8% of pregnant women in the United States. The diagnosis of PE is made by the presentation of new-onset hypertension, ≥140 mmHg systolic blood pressure (BP) or ≥90 mmHg diastolic BP, and either proteinuria or another accompanying sign/symptom, such as renal insufficiency, thrombocytopenia, hepatic dysfunction, pulmonary edema, or cerebral/visual. These signs can occur suddenly and without warning. PE that presents before 34 wk of gestation is considered early onset and carries a greater risk for perinatal morbidity/mortality than late-onset PE that occurs at or after 34 wk of gestation. At this time there is no cure for PE, and the only effective treatment is delivery of the baby and placenta. If allowed to progress to eclampsia (PE with neurologic involvement), seizures will occur and possibly death through stroke. PE also carries the risk of significant fetal and neonatal morbidity/ mortality in addition to long-term health risks for mother and child. Despite significant research efforts to accurately predict, diagnose, and treat PE, a cure eludes us. Elucidating the pathophysiological mechanisms that can cause PE will aid in our ability to accurately prevent, manage, and treat PE to avoid maternal and fetal losses. Intense research efforts are focused on PE, and the mouse has proven to be a useful animal model for investigating molecular mechanisms that may hold the key to unraveling the mysteries of PE in women.
Insulin resistance in the early pregnancy and subsequent preeclampsia in women with type 1 diabetes; Background and aims: Despite improvement in diabetes care over the years, incidence of preeclampsia is still very high even in a well controlled type 1 diabetic mothers. Aside from the already studied effects of hyperglycemia, it could be suspected that insulin resistance (IR) may also play an important role in preeclampsia. However, data on the association between preeclampsia and IR in women with T1DM is scarce. Therefore, the aim of our study was to determine whether insulin resistance in the early pregnancy might contribute to higher rate of preeclampsia in this population. Materials and methods: Prospective single-center study on a population of 165 women with T1DM admitted to the perinatal center for women with diabetes between June 2012 and December 2014. According to pregnancy outcome women were divided into 3 subgroups: normotensive (N=141), developing pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH) (N=8), developing preeclampsia (PE) (N=16). Anthropometric, clinical and laboratory data were collected in the first trimester (<12th week). Insulin resistance was quantified using estimated glucose disposal rate formula (eGDR, milligrams/kilogram/minute). Decreasing eGDR correlates with increasing IR. Results:Women from subgroups did not differ according to the age,BMI and waist-to-hip ratio. Women from PE subgroup were diagnosed with diabetes at the younger age (10±4 y) as compared to normotensive (17±8 y) and PIH women (21±8 y), P=0.001. Significantly higher proportion of women developing PE had some form of diabetic vasculopathy (PE- 12/16=75% vs PIH- 1/8= 12.5% vs normotensive- 28/141=19.9%). The eGDR [median, inerquartile range] in PE women was significantly lower (10.1, 6.6-11.0) than in normotensive (10.8, 9.6-11.5) and PIH women (11.3, 10.8-11.8), P=0.018. There was no difference between eGDR in normotensive and PIH women. PE women had significantly higher HbA1c levels (7.8%, 6.6-8.9%) than normotensive women (6.6%, 5.9- 7.5%), P=0.047, with no difference observed in PE vs PIH (6.6%, 6.3-6.9) and normotensive vs PIH.No difference was observed in total cholesterol, LDL, HDL and triglycerides between subgroups. Conclusion: Increased insulin resistance in the early pregnancy and younger age at diagnosis of diabetes are observed in women with type 1 diabetes with subsequent preeclampsia but not pregnancy induced hypertension. Further studies are needed to investigate the role of eGDR assessment in the prediction of preeclampsia in pregnant womenwith type 1 diabetes.
Are women with a history of gestational diabetes, without any current weight or glucose metabolism disorders, at a higher risk of cardiovascular disease?; Background and aims: A history of gestational diabetes (pGDM) is associated with a 7-fold higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and a 2-fold higher risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is not clear whether the increased risk is caused by being overweight, obese or having an impaired glucose tolerance (present significantly more often in this group of women at a later period), or perhaps other, so far unidentified, factors. Materials and methods: The study included 79 women (av. age of 37.0 ±6.2 years) with normal weight (BMI 21.6±1.8 kg/m2) and normoglycemia in a recently performed glucose tolerance test (OGTT), with pGDM 7-12 years ago. The control group consisted of 24 women (av. age 35.1±5.2 years) with normal weight (BMI 21.6±1.8 kg/m2) and normoglycemia (results within the reference range of OGTT) who were pregnant around the same time as women from the pGDM group but did not have pGDM (C). The assessment included anthropometric parameters, body composition (Tanita SC-330S), measurement of blood pressure, OGTT with glucose and insulin; index of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and β-cell function (HOMA-%B), HbA1c, lipids, uric acid (UA), proinflammatory adipokines - tumor necrosis factor α (TNF-α) and interleukin 6. Results: The study groups did not differ in age, number and duration of labour, anthropometric parameters, blood pressure, lipid metabolism and kidney function. In the pGDM group, despite fasting normoglycemia, glucose levels were significantly higher in 60 min of OGTT (6.7±1.5 vs 5.5±1.4 mmol/L, p=0.0005). Also a higher concentration of UA (232±48 vs 208±48 mmol/L, p=0.035) and TNF-α (4.6±1.6 vs 3.8±1.1 ng/mL, p=0.011) was noted. Conclusion: Women with pGDM, even with normal body weight and normoglycemia, whose state is assessed many years after labour, have higher glucose levels in response to oral glucose tolerance test and higher concentrations ofUA and TNF-α. Abnormalities of these parametersmay have an influence on increasing the risk of cardiovascular diseases. The causes of these disorders remain unclear and require further studies.
Serum miRNA profiles in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and significantly increases the risk of a number of adverse consequences for the fetus and mother[1]. MicroRNA (miRNA) is a small non-coding RNAmolecule that functions in regulation of gene expression by targeting mRNA to affect its stability and/or translation[2]. MiRNA have recently been demonstrated to abundantly and stably exist in serum and to be potentially disease-specific[3]. However, no reported study investigates the associations between serum miRNA and GDM. To investigate the potential specific miRNA expression profiles of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the profile of miRNA expression was analyzed in serum of GDMand normal pregnant women. Materials and methods: 42 GDM patients and 30 normal pregnant women in third trimester were selected between July to December in 2013 from our hospital. All subjects' age, body mass index (BMI), gestational age, pregnancy times, heart rate, blood pressure, oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results were collected and recorded. The serum of both groups were mixed well respectively. Apply HiSeq highthroughput sequencing technologies to detect the expression of miRNA in serum of GDM patients and the control group. Verify the differentially expressed miRNAwith real-time PCR. Results: There were no significant differences between GDM group and control group in age, BMI, gestational age, pregnant times, heart rate, systolic pressure and diastolic blood pressure. OGTT results of GDM group were greater than the control group at every time point, the differences were statistically significant such as blood glucose of 0 minute(4.41 ±0.54 vs 4.00±0.26, p<0.05), the blood glucose of 30 minutes (8.82±0.94 vs 7.01±0.94,p<0.05), the blood glucose of 60 minutes (9.72±1.45 vs 6.14±1.14,p<0.05), the blood glucose of 120 minutes (8.70±1.38 vs 5.80±0.89,p<0.05). Compared with the control group, miR-144-5p, miR-197, miR-222 were statistically down-regulated in GDM group (p<0.01). Conclusion: There were differences of miRNA expression in serum of GDM patients and normal pregnant women which may be related to the higher blood glucose in GDM group. Whether this specific miRNA expression profiles in serum of GDM patients could be a diagnostic chip of gestational diabetes need further investigation.
Innocent heart murmurs from the perspective of the pediatrician; Innocent heart murmurs are quite common in children and adolescents. These murmurs are physiologic in nature and are not associated with any structural heart disease. Not only does the idea of having a child with a murmur bring unnecessary unrest to families, but the child also often goes through numerous tests that could be avoided. It is critical to obtain a detailed history and perform a thorough physical examination to diagnose these innocent murmurs. This article reviews the different types of innocent murmurs, their characteristics, how they can be differentiated on the physical examination, and most importantly, how they can be differentiated from pathologic murmurs, which require referral to a pediatric cardiologist and additional testing.
What we have learned about the design of randomized trials in pregnancy; For nearly 30 years the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD) Maternal–Fetal Medicine Units (MFMU) Network has been conducting randomized trials in pregnant women, many of which have changed clinical practice. Since 1986, the MFMU Network has conducted 29 randomized trials, of which the 17 trials started or completed since 2003 are described here. Study design choices are described including decisions regarding the fundamental questions to be answered and the rationale behind choices of primary and secondary outcomes. Some of the potential pitfalls, particularly relating to bias, that can affect the interpretation of trial results are described along with the mechanisms that the Network has used to avoid or minimize them.
The perils of pregnancy; A review of post-partum cardiomyopathy in a tertiary centre; Introduction: Peri-partum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a distinct clinical entity of unclear aetiology with a high incidence of adverse outcomes. Methods:We conducted a retrospective, single centre study including eight patients with newly diagnosed PPCM. Medical records were reviewed with follow-up to 2 years. Results: 7/8 patients presented in the post partum with the median age being 33. 6/8 patients were non-caucasian.1 women had a twin pregnancy and one was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. Dyspnoea was the presenting symptom with 7/8 being New York Heart Association (NYHA) Class I or II. Severe global left ventricular dysfunction (ejection fraction <20%) was seen in 5/8 women. 1/8 had an LV thombus and 2/8 had pericardial effusions. Mitral regurgitation was the predominant valvular abnormality. Median duration of hospital admission was 9 days with one patient requiring ICU admission for cardiogenic shock with no patient deaths. All patients received standard heart failure therapy. 7/8 received an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) and all received beta-blockade. 4/8 were anticoagulated;1/8 for LV thrombi; 1/8 for pulmonary embolus and 2/8 for akinetic apex and 2/8 received bromocriptine. 2/8 patients had recovered LV function at 12 months, five had persisting LV dysfunction (LV ejection fraction <40%) despite standard therapy. Four out of those five patients demonstrated late gadolinium enhancement on cardiac MRI (diffuse myocardial distribution) with 2/5 receiving a primary prevention implantable cardioverter defibrillator. Conclusion: We recommend avoiding future pregnancies due to risk of recurrent PPCM and associated risk of morbidity and mortality with need for clear guidelines regarding management.
Pregestational body mass index, gestational weight gain, and risks for adverse pregnancy outcomes among Taiwanese women: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: To investigate the associations between maternal pregestational body mass index (BMI), gestational weight gain (GWG), and adverse pregnancy outcomes among Taiwanese women. Materials and Methods: A retrospective cohort study was conducted among all singletons without fetal anomalies delivered to women at Taipei Chang Gung Memorial Hospital between 2009 and 2015. Two study cohorts were selected for analysis: all deliveries after 24 0/7 weeks of gestation (Cohort 1, n = 12,064) and all live births after 37 0/7 weeks of gestation excluding maternal overt diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension (Cohort 2, n = 10,973). The associations between pregestational BMI, GWG outside the 2009 Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines, and adverse pregnancy outcomes were assessed using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results: In Cohort 1, the prevalence of pregestational underweight, normal weight, overweight, and obesity was 14.0%, 74.8%, 9.0%, and 2.2%, respectively. Compared with the women with normal weight, maternal underweight was associated with increased risk for placental abruption, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weight (<2500 g). In contrast, overweight and obese women were at risk for gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia, dysfunctional labor, cephalopelvic disproportion, large-for-gestational age, and macrosomia (>4000 g). In Cohort 2, GWG below the IOM guidelines were associated with higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus, small-for-gestational age, and low birth weight, while GWG above the IOM guidelines were with higher rates of primary cesarean delivery, large-for-gestational age, and macrosomia in women with pregestational underweight or normal weight. Normal weight women were more likely to have placental abruption with GWG below the guidelines and to have preeclampsia with GWG above the guidelines. For overweight and obese women, GWG below the guidelines was associated with a higher rate of gestational diabetes mellitus, but GWG above the guidelines was associated with a higher rate of macrosomia. Conclusions: Women with abnormal pregestational BMI are at risk for adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. Moreover, GWG has a differential effect on the rates of adverse pregnancy outcomes between women of different pregestational BMI categories.
Adverse effects during the oral glucose tolerance test in post-bariatric surgery patients; OBJECTIVE: The oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) is used in the screening of gestational diabetes, in diagnosis of type 2 diabetes in conjunction with fasting blood glucose and glycated hemoglobin. The aim of this study was to examine the incidence and risk factors of adverse effects of OGTT in patients who underwent bariatric surgery, in addition to proposing standardization for ordering the OGTT in these patients.
Lactation and Maternal Cardio-Metabolic Health; Researchers hypothesize that pregnancy and lactation are part of a continuum, with lactation meant to "reset" the adverse metabolic profile that develops as a part of normal pregnancy, and that when lactation does not occur, women maintain an elevated risk of cardio-metabolic diseases. Several large prospective and retrospective studies, mostly from the United States and other industrialized countries, have examined the associations between lactation and cardio-metabolic outcomes. Less evidence exists regarding an association of lactation with maternal postpartum weight status and dyslipidemia, whereas more evidence exists for an association with diabetes, hypertension, and subclinical and clinical cardiovascular disease.
Obstetric and offspring risks of women's morbid conditions linked to prior anticancer treatments; Background: Literature shows the effects of type of cancer and/or anticancer treatment on live birth percentages and/or pregnancy and neonatal complications in female cancer survivors. However, studies analyzing the obstetric and offspring risks of the morbid conditions associated with previous anti-cancer treatments are missing. The present review aims to uncover these risks. Methods: A literature search based on publications up to March 2016 identified by PubMed and references cited in relevant articles. Results: The morbid conditions associated with prior anticancer treatments including chemotherapy, radiotherapy, surgery, and/or hematopoietic stem-cell transplant may induce not only obstetric and neonatal complications but also long-term effects on offspring. Whereas some risks are predominantly evidenced in untreated women others are observed in both treated and untreated women. These risks may be superimposed on those induced by the current women's trend in Western societies to postpone maternity. Conclusions: Medical professionals should be aware and inform female cancer survivors wishing to have a child not only of the short- and long-term risks to themselves and their prospective offspring of previous anticancer treatments, fertility-preservation technologies, and pregnancy itself, but also of those risks linked to the morbid conditions induced by prior anticancer treatments. Once female cancer survivors wishing to have a child have been properly informed about the risks of reproduction, they will be best placed to make decisions of whether or not to have a biological or donor-conceived child. In addition, when medical professionals be aware of these risks, they will be also best placed to provide appropriate treatments before/during pregnancy in order to prevent or alleviate the impact of these morbid conditions on maternal and offspring health.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy in Turkey: Experience of three tertiary centres; We conducted this study to determine demographic details, and clinical presentations in patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCMP) of Turkish origin. The study population consisted of 58 patients with PPCMP treated at 3 major hospitals in Turkey, retrospectively. In this study, demographic details and initial echocardiographic data were recorded and long-term clinical status was evaluated. The mean age for the patient cohort was 31.47 ± 6.31 years. Thirty-eight patients (73.1%) were multigravida and seven patients had multifetal pregnancy (13.7%). The mean follow-up left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction increased from 31 ± 7 to 38 ± 19. A minority of patients were defined as improvers according to our pre-specified criteria. The average survival period after diagnosis of PPCMP was 20.66 ± 14.44 months. Initial values for LV end-diastolic diameter and urea were higher in the deceased patients compared with the surviving patients, respectively. Twenty-eight (48%) patients with PPCMP showed improvement in the follow-up period. Of the 58 PPCMP patients, 9 (15%) died during a mean follow-up of 32 ± 22 months.
The role of patient education in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes: an overview; The management of type 2 diabetes mellitus includes ability and empowerment of the patient to change lifestyle, maintain an adequate diet and physical activity, manage the disease, and follow a specific program of periodic medical checks and education sessions. In addition, the patient should be able to correctly identify and adequately solve problems related to the disease and actively collaborate with the healthcare system. To obtain these goals, therapeutic patient education (TPE) is now considered a crucial element not only in the treatment but also in the prevention of type 2 diabetes. Several trials showed that TPE is able to improve clinical, lifestyle, and psycho-social outcomes. Nevertheless, studies have not clarified the ideal characteristics of a comprehensive patient education program in clinical practice. Other work is needed to answer open questions regarding the type of PTE (individual or group education), themes, frequency and number of education sessions, contact time between educator and patient, background of educators, use of new technologies, and barriers to self-management. The present review discusses these points on the basis of the most recent data of the literature.
Pre-eclampsia and Cardiovascular Disease Risk Assessment in Women; The underlying contributors of many cardiovascular events are often present decades before the onset of clinical symptoms, and the presence of risk factors in early life significantly influences risk of premature cardiovascular disease (CVD). The considerable burden of CVD in women and on health care resources necessitates an emphasis on prevention and early risk screening in women, before the development of the disease itself. The 2011 update to the American Heart Association's Effectiveness-Based Guidelines for the prevention of CVD acknowledges the contribution of the common pregnancy-related medical complications to a woman's cardiovascular risk, identifying pre-eclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension, and gestational diabetes mellitus as risk factors for heart disease and stroke. The aims of this review are to examine risk factors in young women and their role in the development of premature CVD, with particular attention paid to PE as a marker of a woman's cardiovascular risk. Current screening practices will be discussed, as will their influences on identifying and reducing cardiovascular risk and subsequent disease in younger women.
Ambient air pollution and adverse birth outcomes: Differences by maternal comorbidities; Background: Prenatal exposure to ambient air pollution has been associated with adverse birth outcomes, but the potential modifying effect of maternal comorbidities remains understudied. Our objective was to investigate whether associations between prenatal air pollution exposures and birth outcomes differ by maternal comorbidities. Methods: A total of 818,400 singleton live births were identified in the province of Ontario, Canada from 2005 to 2012. We assigned exposures to fine particulate matter (PM2.5), nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and ozone (O3) to maternal residences during pregnancy. We evaluated potential effect modification by maternal comorbidities (i.e. asthma, hypertension, pre-existing diabetes mellitus, heart disease, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia) on the associations between prenatal air pollution and preterm birth, term low birth weight and small for gestational age. Results: Interquartile range (IQR) increases in PM2.5 (2 μg/m3), NO2 (9 ppb) and O3 (5 ppb) over the entire pregnancy were associated with a 4% (95% CI: 2.4-5.6%), 8.4% (95% CI: 5.5-10.3%) and 2% (95% CI: 0.5-4.1%) increase in the odds of preterm birth, respectively. Increases of 10.6% (95% CI: 0.2-2.1%) and 23.8% (95% CI: 5.5-44.8%) in the odds of preterm birth were observed among women with pre-existing diabetes while the increases were of 3.8% (95% CI: 2.2-5.4%) and 6.5% (95% CI: 3.7-8.4%) among women without this condition for pregnancy exposure to PM2.5 and NO2, respectively (Pint<0.01). The increase in the odds of preterm birth for exposure to PM2.5 during pregnancy was higher among women with preeclampsia (8.3%, 95% CI: 0.8-16.4%) than among women without (3.6%, 95% CI: 1.8-5.3%) (Pint=0.04). A stronger increase in the odds of preterm birth was found for exposure to O3 during pregnancy among asthmatic women (12.0%, 95% CI: 3.5-21.1%) compared to non-asthmatic women (2.0%, 95% CI: 0.1-3.5%) (Pint<0.01). We did not find statistically significant effect modification for the other outcomes investigated. Conclusions: Findings of this study suggest that associations of ambient air pollution with preterm birth are stronger among women with pre-existing diabetes, asthma, and preeclampsia.
Maternal medical conditions during pregnancy and gross motor development up to age 24 months in the Upstate KIDS study; Aim: We examined whether children of mothers with a medical condition diagnosed before or during pregnancy took longer to achieve gross motor milestones up to age 24 months. Method: We obtained information on medical conditions using self-reports, birth certificates, and hospital records in 4909 mothers participating in Upstate KIDS, a population-based birth cohort. Mothers reported on their children's motor milestone achievement at 4, 8, 12, 18, and 24 months of age. Results: After adjustment for covariates (including pre-pregnancy body mass index), children of mothers with gestational diabetes took longer to achieve sitting without support (hazard ratio [HR]=0.84, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.75–0.93), walking with assistance (HR=0.88, 95% CI 0.77–0.98), and walking alone (HR=0.88, 95% CI 0.77–0.99) than children of females with no gestational diabetes. Similar findings emerged for maternal diabetes. Gestational hypertension was associated with a longer time to achieve walking with assistance. These associations did not change after adjustment for gestational age or birthweight. Severe hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were related to a longer time to achieve milestones, but not after adjustment for perinatal factors. Interpretation: Children exposed to maternal diabetes, gestational or pre-gestational, may take longer to achieve motor milestones than non-exposed children, independent of maternal obesity.
Can slight glucose intolerance during pregnancy predict future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity?; Aim: o examine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and the subsequent development of long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Methods: A retrospective case–control study was conducted. The study included all women who had at least one glucose measurement during their pregnancies. Cases were all women who delivered between the years 2000–2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity (n = 815). Controls were randomly matched by age and year of delivery (n = 6065). The atherosclerotic morbidity group was further divided by severity: major events (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), minor events (hypertension, diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidaemia without target organ damage or complications) and cardiac evaluation tests (such as coronary angiography without records of atherosclerosis, cardiac scan and stress test). The mean follow-up duration for the study group was 74 months. Cox proportional hazards model was used to control for confounders. Results: A significant linear association was found between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Among the cases with severe atherosclerotic morbidity, the proportion of women with a high glucose level (> 5.5 mmol/l) was the highest, whereas in controls it was the lowest (P < 0.001). In a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for atherosclerotic confounders such as gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and obesity, a glucose level of > 5.5 mmol/l was noted as an independent risk factor for hospitalizations later in non-pregnant life (hazard ratio = 1.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1–1.5, P < 0.003). Conclusion: A high glucose level during pregnancy, even if within the range of slight glucose intolerance, may serve as a marker for future maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. Further long-term studies are needed to confirm our findings.
Fetal cardiodynamics by echocardiography in insulin dependent maternal diabetes and its correlation with pregnancy outcome; Introduction: Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of fetal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. Usual screening tests have not proved to be good prognostic indicators of fetal distress. Fetal cardiodynamics is potentially a useful screening tool. Aim: To determine if cardiodynamics of the fetus differ in pregnancy with diabetes requiring insulin than those without and to determine whether cardiodynamics predict fetal and neonatal outcomes. Materials and Methods: This prospective case control study was carried out in 40 pregnant women with diabetes who required insulin for blood sugar control. Twenty uncomplicated pregnant women were taken as controls. Systolic and diastolic cardiac functions along with interventricular septal thickness were assessed at 26-28 weeks and again at 34-36 weeks of gestation in fetuses by echocardiography. Fetal and neonatal adverse outcomes were evaluated in terms of major and minor morbidity. Results: Among all parameters, E/A ratio across both mitral and tricuspid valves, myocardial performance index and cardiac output were significantly different in fetuses of diabetic mothers at both gestations. However, pulmonary vein pulsatility index and interventricular septal thickness were similar between the two groups. At 26-28 weeks of gestation myocardial performance index correlated with abnormal biophysical profile whereas cardiac output correlated with minor morbidity. At 34-36 weeks of gestation, cardiac output correlated with abnormal biophysical profile while both MPI and cardiac output correlated with minor morbidity. Conclusion: Echocardiographic parameters of fetuses of diabetic women significantly differed from those of uncomplicated non-diabetic women. However, only myocardial performance index and cardiac output correlated with adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes.
Maternal-placental syndrome and future risk of accelerated cardiovascular events in Parous Swedish women with systemic lupus erythematosus-a population-based retrospective cohort study with time-to-event analysis; Objectives. Women with SLE are at increased risk of cardiovascular events (CVEs), but a relationship with traditional cardiovascular and SLE-specific risk factors has not been established. In unselected populations, adverse pregnancy outcomes linked to maternal-placental syndrome (MPS) are associated with an increased risk of CVEs. However, the effect of MPS on CVEs is unknown in women with SLE. The aim of this study was to determine if MPS increased the risk and accelerated the development of CVEs in women with SLE. Methods. Utilizing Swedish population registries, parous women with SLE were identified. Exposures were the following: MPS defined as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; small-for-gestational-age; placental abruption and stillbirth; and preterm delivery<34 weeks. Outcomes were CVE encompassing cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Risk of an event was modelled using Cox proportional hazards adjusted for year of delivery, age at CVE, severity of SLE and cardiovascular risk factors. Time-to-CVE was estimated using Kaplan-Meier methods. Results. Over the 38-year study period, there were 3977 women with 7410 pregnancies, of whom 413 (10.2%) suffered a CVE. Hazard of CVE was higher in those with MPS, particularly when MPS (adjusted HR= 1.64; 95% CI: 1.31, 2.05) was combined with preterm delivery<34 weeks' gestation (adjusted HR 1.99; 95% CI 1.39, 2.84). There was accelerated development of CVEs in women with MPS of 10.5% (vs 7.3% in uncomplicated pregnancies) over the 38-year interval (P<0.05). Conclusion. Pregnancy complicated by MPS and preterm delivery exerts an independent effect to increase the risk and accelerate the development of CVEs in parous women with SLE.
Incidental risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus among patients with confirmed and unconfirmed prediabetes; Objective: To determine the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) diagnosis among patients with confirmed and unconfirmed prediabetes (preDM) relative to an at-risk group receiving care from primary care physicians over a 5-year period. Study Design: Utilizing data from the Intermountain Healthcare (IH) Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW) from 2006-2013, we performed a prospective analysis using discrete survival analysis to estimate the time to diagnosis of T2DM among groups. Population Studied: Adult patients who had at least one outpatient visit with a primary care physician during 2006-2008 at an IH clinic and subsequent visits through 2013. Patients were included for the study if they were (a) at-risk for diabetes (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2 and one additional risk factor: high risk ethnicity, first degree relative with diabetes, elevated triglycerides or blood pressure, low HDL, diagnosis of gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, or birth of a baby weighing >9 lbs); or (b) confirmed preDM (HbA1c ≥ 5.7-6.49% or fasting blood glucose 100-125 mg/dL); or (c) unconfirmed preDM (documented fasting lipid panel and glucose 100-125 mg/dL on the same day). Principal Findings: Of the 33,838 patients who were eligible for study, 57.0% were considered at-risk, 38.4% had unconfirmed preDM, and 4.6% had confirmed preDM. Those with unconfirmed and confirmed preDM tended to be Caucasian and a greater proportion were obese compared to those at-risk for disease. Patients with unconfirmed and confirmed preDM tended to have more prevalent high blood pressure and depression as compared to the at-risk group. Based on the discrete survival analyses, patients with unconfirmed preDM and confirmed preDM were more likely to develop T2DM when compared to at-risk patients. Conclusions: Unconfirmed and confirmed preDM are strongly associated with the development of T2DM as compared to patients with only risk factors for disease.
The interaction between gender and diabetes mellitus in the coronary heart disease risk; Background: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) despite the advances in medical management keeps on as the primary cause of morbidity and mortality for both genders in Western societies. Sex differences though modify the clinical picture as well as the effectiveness of treatment. Methods and Results: In this literature review article we searched publications in Englishlanguage on MEDLINE and the Cochrane Database from the beginning of the databases to January 2016. Among the specific key words and phrases we used were Diabetes Mellitus; Gender; Coronary artery disease; Stroke and Cardiovascular disease. Various studies have found that diabetic women have increased risk of coronary heart disease than their male counterparts; however, further research into this field has questioned this finding and there is much controversy among many researchers. Women have a different risk factor profile, are usually treated less effectively than men, and have a variance in the levels of sex hormones throughout their life which complicate the study and understanding of the mechanisms involved in insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk profile. Conclusion: The connection between diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease is variable according to gender and further studies are needed to elucidate the lenient differentiations in gender specific hormones, risk factor profile, and therapeutic implications between genders.
Guideline for exercise in pregnancy; Most pregnant women are interested in the health of themselves and their babies. Women in reproductive age may also be concerned with their body shape. Therefore, pregnancy is an ideal period during which to change exercise and lifestyle habits. Nowadays obesity is increasing in women. Obesity influences the health of pregnant women and their babies, and acts as a factor associated with pregnancy complications such as hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy. For such reasons, it has been recommended that women exercise properly and regularly during pregnancy. Because physical and anatomic changes occur during pregnancy, and increases in the weight of the uterus and body can have an impact on the spine and bones of pregnant women, injury is a concern. Therefore, impractical exercise without consideration of the pregnancy state may do more harm than good. Some exercises are contraindicated for pregnant women with complicating cardiac and pulmonary diseases. Therefore, pregnant women and their care providers should understand the risks and the benefits of exercise in pregnancy, and a guideline for proper exercise in pregnancy is presented here.
Mothers after Gestational Diabetes in Australia (MAGDA): A Randomised Controlled Trial of a Postnatal Diabetes Prevention Program; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an increasingly prevalent risk factor for type 2 diabetes. We evaluated the effectiveness of a group-based lifestyle modification program in mothers with prior GDM within their first postnatal year. Methods and Findings: In this study, 573 women were randomised to either the intervention (n = 284) or usual care (n = 289). At baseline, 10% had impaired glucose tolerance and 2% impaired fasting glucose. The diabetes prevention intervention comprised one individual session, five group sessions, and two telephone sessions. Primary outcomes were changes in diabetes risk factors (weight, waist circumference, and fasting blood glucose), and secondary outcomes included achievement of lifestyle modification goals and changes in depression score and cardiovascular disease risk factors. The mean changes (intention-to-treat [ITT] analysis) over 12 mo were as follows: −0.23 kg body weight in intervention group (95% CI −0.89, 0.43) compared with +0.72 kg in usual care group (95% CI 0.09, 1.35) (change difference −0.95 kg, 95% CI −1.87, −0.04; group by treatment interaction p = 0.04); −2.24 cm waist measurement in intervention group (95% CI −3.01, −1.42) compared with −1.74 cm in usual care group (95% CI −2.52, −0.96) (change difference −0.50 cm, 95% CI −1.63, 0.63; group by treatment interaction p = 0.389); and +0.18 mmol/l fasting blood glucose in intervention group (95% CI 0.11, 0.24) compared with +0.22 mmol/l in usual care group (95% CI 0.16, 0.29) (change difference −0.05 mmol/l, 95% CI −0.14, 0.05; group by treatment interaction p = 0.331). Only 10% of women attended all sessions, 53% attended one individual and at least one group session, and 34% attended no sessions. Loss to follow-up was 27% and 21% for the intervention and control groups, respectively, primarily due to subsequent pregnancies. Study limitations include low exposure to the full intervention and glucose metabolism profiles being near normal at baseline. Conclusions: Although a 1-kg weight difference has the potential to be significant for reducing diabetes risk, the level of engagement during the first postnatal year was low. Further research is needed to improve engagement, including participant involvement in study design; it is potentially more effective to implement annual diabetes screening until women develop prediabetes before offering an intervention. Trial Registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000338066
Development of vascular complications and bladder carcinoma in diabetics using pioglitazone: A five-year indian review; Background: Pioglitazone has better cardiovascular outcomes and a questionable relationship with bladder carcinoma in diabetes mellitus, type II (DM-2). We sought to evaluate the role of pioglitazone in the Indian population. Methods: This is a retrospective study at an academic medical center in India. All DM-2 patients in 2008 with a new prescription of pioglitazone were age- and gender-matched with non-users. We excluded patients with gestational DM or DM type I. They were followed forward for five years and demographic data, micro- and macro-vascular complications, mortality, and bladder carcinoma were recorded. Two-tailed p ≤ 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Two cohorts of 260 patients, with mean age of 58±11 years with 413 (79.4%) males, were followed for five years. Pioglitazone users had higher hypertension, obesity, DM-2 family history (all p < 0.003), and use of insulin and oral hypoglycemics (all p < 0.0001) in comparison to non-users. HbA1cwas not different between groups. Over five years, pioglitazone users had lesser retinopathy and myocardial infarctions (all p < 0.01). Five cases of bladder carcinoma were noted, all in the pioglitazone group, however without statistical significance. Baseline variables, including mean daily pioglitazone dose, were not statistically different between patients with and without bladder carcinoma. Nephropathy and MI were independent predictors for development of bladder carcinoma within pioglitazone users. Conclusions: Pioglitazone users had significantly lesser myocardial infarctions and retinopathy despitemore difficult to control DM 2. In an age- and gender-matched cohort of users and nonusers, pioglitazone did not contribute to development of bladder cancer in the Indian population.
Diabetes in Pregnancy; Objective This guideline reviews the evidence relating to the diagnosis and obstetrical management of diabetes in pregnancy. Outcomes The outcomes evaluated were short- and long-term maternal outcomes, including preeclampsia, Caesarean section, future diabetes, and other cardiovascular complications, and fetal outcomes, including congenital anomalies, stillbirth, macrosomia, birth trauma, hypoglycemia, and long-term effects. Evidence Published literature was retrieved through searches of PubMed and the Cochrane Library using appropriate controlled vocabulary (MeSH terms “diabetes” and “pregnancy”). Where appropriate, results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized control trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date limits, but results were limited to English or French language materials. Values The quality of evidence was rated using the criteria described in the Report of the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care (Table 1). Summary Statements 1. The adverse outcomes associated with diabetes in pregnancy are substantially associated with hyperglycemia and the coexisting metabolic environment. Women with preexisting diabetes should receive preconception care to optimize blood sugar control and other comorbidities. Outcomes for the fetus/neonate and the mother in both pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies are improved by multidisciplinary management in which the goal is achieving optimal blood sugar control and appropriate fetal surveillance. (II-2)2. Retrospective studies indicate that women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of stillbirth before 40 weeks' gestation compared with the general obstetrical population. Similarly, large recent cohort and simulation studies of women with gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies also indicate a higher risk of stillbirth between 36 to 39 weeks' gestation. (II-2)3. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus have a higher risk of preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, Caesarean section, and large for gestational age infants. (II-2)4. Treatment of women with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimization of glycemic control reduce the risk of preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, and large for gestational age infants. (I)5. The occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in the future for the mother. (II-2)Recommendations 1. The “preferred screening and diagnostic 2-step” approach for gestational diabetes mellitus of the Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines is endorsed. All pregnant women should be offered screening between 24 to 28 weeks using a standardized non-fasting 50-g glucose challenge screening test with plasma glucose measured 1 hour later. (III-B) 1.1. If the value is < 7.8 mmol/L, no further testing is required.1.2. If the value of the glucose challenge screening test is 7.8 to 11.0, a 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with fasting plasma glucose, 1-hour plasma glucose, and 2-hour plasma glucose should be performed. Gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed if 1 value is met or exceeded: i. Fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.3 mmol/Lii. 1-hour plasma glucose ≥ 10.6 mmol/Liii. 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 9.0 mmol/L 1.3. If the value of the glucose challenge screening test is ≥ 11.1 mmol/L, gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed.2. The “alternative 1-step diagnostic” approach of the Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines is acceptable. In this strategy pregnant women should be offered testing between 24 to 28 weeks using a standardized 2-hour 75-g oral glucose tolerance test with fasting plasma glucose, 1-hour plasma glucose, and 2-hour plasma glucose. (III-B) Gestational diabetes mellitus is diagnosed if 1 value is met or exceeded: i. Fasting plasma glucose ≥ 5.1 mmol/Lii. 1-hour plasma glucose ≥ 10.0 mmol/Liii. 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 8.5 mmol/L It is recognized that the use of different diagnostic thresholds for the “preferred” and “alternative” strategies could cause confusion in certain settings. Despite this, the committee has identified the importance of remaining aligned with the current Canadian Diabetes Association 2013 guidelines as being a priority. It is thus recommended that each care centre strategically align with 1 of the 2 strategies and implement protocols to ensure consistent and uniform reporting of test results. 3. If there is a high risk of gestational diabetes mellitus based on multiple risk factors, screening or testing should be offered during the first half of the pregnancy and repeated at 24 to 28 weeks' gestation if initially normal. If for any reason it was missed or if there is a clinical suspicion of later onset of gestational diabetes, a screening or diagnostic test should be performed. (II-2B)4. Women with preexisting or gestational diabetes mellitus should be provided with care by a multidisciplinary team aimed at attaining and then maintaining euglycemia. (II-2B)5. For patients with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus, starting at 28 weeks as a baseline, with subsequent serial assessment of fetal growth, every 3 to 4 weeks is suggested to assess the effect of maternal glycemic control on fetal growth rate and amniotic fluid volume. (II-2B)6. Initiation of weekly assessment of fetal well-being at 36 weeks is recommended in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes mellitus. It is also reasonable to consider weekly fetal assessment for women with diet controlled gestational diabetes mellitus beginning at 36 weeks. Acceptable methods of assessment of fetal well-being near term can include the non-stress test, non-stress test + amniotic fluid index, biophysical profile, or a combination of these. (III-A)7. If comorbid factors are present, such as obesity, evidence of suboptimal glycemic control, large for gestational age (> 90%), previous stillbirth, hypertension, or small for gestational age (< 10%), earlier onset and/or more frequent fetal health surveillance is recommended. In specific cases in which fetal growth restriction is suspected, the addition of umbilical artery and fetal middle cerebral artery Doppler assessment may be helpful. (II-2A)8. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus or pre-gestational diabetes mellitus should be offered induction between 38 to 40 weeks' gestation depending on their glycemic control and other comorbidity factors. (II-2B)9. The administration of betamethasone to pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be restricted to the routine obstetric indications related to the risk of preterm and late preterm delivery between 24 to 36 weeks' gestation, when clinically indicated. When administered, close maternal glycemic surveillance is recommended. (I-A)10. If not previously done, in women with threatened preterm labour requiring betamethasone, a screening for gestational diabetes mellitus should be performed either before or at least 7 days after the administration of betamethasone. (III-B)11. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus should be offered testing with a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test between 6 weeks and 6 months postpartum to detect prediabetes and diabetes.1 (II-2A) 11.1. Normal i. Fasting plasma glucose < 6.1 mmol/Lii. 2-hour plasma glucose < 7.8 mmol/Liii. Glycated hemoglobin < 6.0%11.2. Pre-diabetic i. Fasting plasma glucose 6.1 to 6.9 mmol/L orii. 2-hour plasma glucose 7.8 to 11.0 mmol/L oriii. Glycated hemoglobin 6.0% to 6.4%11.3. Type 2 diabetes mellitus i. FPG ≥ 7.0 mmol/Lii. Random plasma glucose or 2-hour plasma glucose ≥ 11.1 mmol/Liii. Glycated hemoglobin ≥ 6.5% 12. Breastfeeding is strongly recommended after delivery for all women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus or gestational diabetes mellitus. (II-2A)
Is maternal blood pressure during pregnancy associated with infant arterial stiffness?; Introduction: In adults, arterial stiffness measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV) is regarded as a predictor of cardiovascular disease [1]. This association is less well established in infants, however. Infant and childhood vascular development is dependent on several factors related to the pregnancy, including maternal blood pressure (BP) with one study finding an inverse relationship between BP and neonatal aortic PWV at 1-3 days [2]. Objectives: To assess the association between maternal BP in pregnancy and infant brachio-femoral PWV at age 2-6 weeks. Methods: The Baby VIP study recruited mother-baby pairs from postnatal wards at Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust. PWV was measured non-invasively in 284 babies at a home visit 2-6 weeks after recruitment using the Vicorder device. Maternal BP at booking and at 36 weeks gestation, along with other co-variables, were collected from delivery and antenatal notes. Multivariable linear regression models were used to link maternal systolic and diastolic BPs, and BP change from booking to 36 weeks with PWV. Results: At booking, the mean maternal systolic BP was 112 mmHg (standard deviation (s.d) 12) and diastolic BP was 67 mmHg (s.d 10). At 36 weeks gestation, mean maternal systolic BP was 116.3 mmHg (s.d 15) and diastolic BP was 70.8 mmHg (s.d 12). Mean infant PWV was 6.7 m/s (s.d 1.3). PWV was not significantly associated with hypertension in pregnancy (at booking or at 36 weeks) in univariate analysis, where hypertension was defined as systolic BP≥140 mmHg or diastolic BP≥90 mmHg, or a rise in systolic BP of ≥30 mmHg or rise in diastolic BP of ≥15 mmHg from booking to 36 weeks (p > 0.05). There was no association between infant PWV and maternal systolic BP at 36 weeks assessed as a continuous variable (regression co-efficient 0.003 m/s, 95% confidence intervals (CI) -0.01, 0.01, p = 0.6) adjusted for pregnancy factors including maternal age, ethnicity, history of gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, anaemia, BMI and infant factors including baby's age, position, whether sleep or awake at the time of measurement, and prematurity. There was no association between infant PWV and a ≥30 mmHg rise in systolic BP at 36 weeks from booking (adjusted regression co-efficient -0.4 m/s, 95% CI -1.1, 0.41, p = 0.4). Conclusions: This study has shown that there is no evidence of any associations between infant PWV and hypertension or maternal BP during pregnancy.We demonstrate the feasibility and acceptability of using PWV in early infancy. However, further studies are required to determine the predictors of infant PWV, the significance and long term implications of PWV measurements in infants.
Technology and Health Care; The proceedings contain 50 papers. The topics discussed include: rigid and elastic registration for coronary artery IVUS images; research of the assessable method of postpartum hemorrhage; influence of gestational age and time of day in baseline and heart rate variation of fetuses; hemodynamic changes in osteonecrosis treatment of the femoral head with iliac bone flaps pedicled with the lateral femoral circumflex artery ascending branch: a 10-year report; research of gestational diabetes mellitus risk evaluation method; esophageal reconstruction: combined application of muscle tissue flap and inner chitosan tube stent in rabbits; the effect of telehealth systems and satisfaction with health expenditure among patients with metabolic syndrome; 2D biological representations with reduced speckle obtained from two perpendicular ultrasonic arrays; risk diagnosis based on diameter of abdominal aortic aneurysm; a hierarchical two-phase framework for selecting genes in cancer datasets with a neuro-fuzzy system; and a study on the operation of rehabilitation interfaces in active rehabilitation exercises for upper limb hemiplegic patients: interfaces for lateral and bilateral exercises.
Prepregnancy Diabetes and Offspring Risk of Congenital Heart Disease: A Nationwide Cohort Study; Background - Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of offspring congenital heart defects (CHD); however, the causal mechanism is poorly understood. We further investigated this association in a Danish nationwide cohort. Methods and Results - In a national cohort study, we identified 2 025 727 persons born from 1978 to 2011; among them were 7296 (0.36%) persons exposed to maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus. Pregestational diabetes mellitus was identified by using the National Patient Register and individual-level information on all prescriptions filled in Danish pharmacies. Persons with CHD (n=16 325) were assigned to embryologically related cardiac phenotypes. The CHD prevalence in the offspring of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus was 318 per 10 000 live births (n=232) in comparison with a baseline risk of 80 per 10 000; the adjusted relative risk for CHD was 4.00 (95% confidence interval, 3.51-4.53). The association was not modified by year of birth, maternal age at diabetes onset, or diabetes duration, and CHD risks associated with type 1 (insulin-dependent) and type 2 (insulin-independent) diabetes mellitus did not differ significantly. Persons born to women with previous acute diabetes complications had a higher CHD risk than those exposed to maternal diabetes mellitus without complications (relative risk, 7.62; 95% confidence interval, 5.23-10.6, and relative risk, 3.49; 95% confidence interval, 2.91-4.13, respectively; P=0.0004). All specific CHD phenotypes were associated with maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (relative risk range, 2.74-13.8). Conclusions - The profoundly increased CHD risk conferred by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus neither changed over time nor differed by diabetes subtype. The association with acute pregestational diabetes complications was particularly strong, suggesting a role for glucose in the causal pathway.
Sleep Disordered Breathing and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes; Sleep disordered breathing (SDB) occurs in 0.6% to 15% of reproductive-aged women. Because of an overlap in symptoms of SDB and normal pregnancy findings, the diagnosis of SDB in pregnancy is challenging. The repetitive arousals, sleep fragmentation, and hypoxias experienced by patients with SDB lead to an increase in oxidative stress and inflammation. In the nonpregnant population SDB is associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus, heart disease, and stroke. Increasing evidence identifies an association between SDB in pregnancy and gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal growth abnormalities.
Inverted Pyramid of Care; First-trimester pregnancy evaluation using fetal and maternal parameters not only allows for diagnoses to be made early in gestation but can also assess the risk of complications that become clinically evident later in pregnancy. This evaluation makes it possible for pregnancy care to be individualized. In select cases, treatment that reduces the risk of complications can be started early in pregnancy. Even though cell free DNA is a significant advance in diagnosing fetal aneuploidy, the combination of first-trimester ultrasound and maternal serum biochemistries casts a much wider diagnostic net; therefore, the 2 technologies are best used in combination.
Ultrasonography estimates of fetal growth in fetuses affected by trisomy 21; Objective To construct growth curves specific for fetuses with trisomy 21 (T21) and to compare them with the reference-based standard. Methods A retrospective cohort study was conducted of ultrasonography examinations from women with singleton pregnancies with a confirmed diagnosis of T21 who sought care at an academic tertiary-care center in the USA between January 1, 2003, and December 31, 2013. Growth curves were constructed using linear regression and compared with the Hadlock standard. Results The study included 425 ultrasonography examinations from 235 women. The head circumference and femur length were smaller than the reference standards at all gestational ages (head circumference: P = 0.017; femur length: P < 0.001). The abdominal circumference was larger than the reference standard from 29 weeks onward (P < 0.001). The biparietal diameter was smaller in the second trimester and in the late third trimester (P < 0.001). The overall estimated fetal weight was not different from the reference standard. Conclusion The T21-specific growth curves indicate anthropometric differences between T21 fetuses and the general population. Once validated, such individual growth curves could allow for more accurate prenatal assessment and management of fetuses affected by T21.
Diabetes-induced perturbations are subject to intergenerational transmission through maternal line; The hypothesis of fetal origins of adult disease states that early life events program the occurrence of significant adult diseases, including diabetes and obesity. Maternal diabetes is associated with general stress environment for developing fetus, and gestational diabetes is an independent risk factor for type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome in offspring. Intra-uterine fetal programming of fetal tissues exposes the offspring to increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Here, we examined the transmission of maternal diabetes-induced fetal programming in second generation and compared maternal and paternal routes of intergenerational effects. We organized 40 Wistar rats into three groups, male offspring of diabetic mothers, female offspring of diabetic mothers, and offspring of control mothers. These groups were mated with normal healthy rats to assess the effect of grand-maternal diabetes on pregnancy outcome in F2 rats, as well as glucose-sensing parameters, insulin resistance, and glucose tolerance prenatally and postnatally. We found that F2 offspring of diabetic mothers had impaired glucose sensing, increased oxidative stress, insulin resistance, and impaired glucose tolerance, and these effects were more prominent in the F2 offspring of F1 female rats (F2-DF1F). We deduce that fetal programming of maternal diabetes is mostly transmitted through maternal line across two generations.
Evolution of cesarean categories in a modified Robson classification in a single center from 2002 to 2012 due to high rate of maternal pathology; Aim To study the evolution in cesarean section (CS) categories in a single center from 2002 to 2012. Methods We performed a retrospective study on all live births from 2002, 2007, and 2012 using a modified Robson classification accounting for cervical ripening in the induction groups, post-term pregnancies, and the number of uterine scars. Results We recorded 2162, 2105 and 2380 deliveries with caesarean delivery rates of 23.2%, 24.9%, and 30.4% in 2002, 2007, and 2012 respectively. Nulliparous women in spontaneous labor (group 1) decreased from 36.3% to 27.4% of the total population, but CS rates in this group increased from 14.1% to 19.5% (P < 0.05). Labor induction and CS before labor in nulliparous women category (group 2) increased from 6.7% to 14.2% but with stable CS rates. Induction of labor and cervical ripening in this group increased from 91 and nine in 2002 to 119 and 240 in 2012, respectively. In the same period, maternal pathology increased from 11% to 33%. Scarred uterus remained the major source of CS (almost 30% of all CS in 2012). Conclusion CS rates increased throughout the studied period, associated with an increase in rates of maternal pathology, induction by cervical ripening, and scarred uterus.
Diabetes mellitus and its complications in India; India is one of the epicentres of the global diabetes mellitus pandemic. Rapid socioeconomic development and demographic changes, along with increased susceptibility for Indian individuals, have led to the explosive increase in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus in India over the past four decades. Type 2 diabetes mellitus in Asian Indian people is characterized by a young age of onset and occurrence at low levels of BMI. Available data also suggest that the susceptibility of Asian Indian people to the complications of diabetes mellitus differs from that of white populations. Management of this disease in India faces multiple challenges, such as low levels of awareness, paucity of trained medical and paramedical staff and unaffordability of medications and services. Novel interventions using readily available resources and technology promise to revolutionise the care of patients with diabetes mellitus in India. As many of these challenges are common to most developing countries of the world, the lessons learnt from India's experience with diabetes mellitus are likely to be of immense global relevance. In this Review, we discuss the epidemiology of diabetes mellitus and its complications in India and outline the advances made in the country to ensure adequate care. We make specific references to novel, cost-effective interventions, which might be of relevance to other low-income and middle-income countries of the world.
Expected probability of congenital heart disease and clinical utility of fetal echocardiography in pregnancies with pre-gestational diabetes; Objectives To establish a prediction model for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) that could facilitate selective fetal echocardiography screening for diabetic women, and to provide cost analysis of selective versus global screening of these women. Study design A historical cohort study included women with pre-gestational diabetes who received perinatal care at Mayo Clinic, Minnesota from 2007 through 2013. Anatomical scans and fetal echocardiograms were reviewed and charts for postnatal outcomes were abstracted. Logistic regression models were utilized to identify predictors of CHD. Cost of global versus selective screening was estimated using cost per case detected. Results A cohort of 152 women was included. Abnormal anatomy scan was reported in five (3.3%). Among 51 (33.6%) who had fetal echocardiography, eight (15.7%) had abnormal findings. Postnatal echocardiography was conducted in 36 neonates, 12 had abnormalities. Only first trimester HbA1c was independent predictor with observed incidence of CHD of 1.8, 14.3, and 40% and HbA1c of <8, 8-10, and >10% respectively. Global screening strategy missed 22% of fetal cardiac abnormalities, while selective screening missed 33%. Conclusions According to our probability model, selective screening based on HbA1c and/or anatomic surveys seems to be an accurate and cost effective strategy for prenatal diagnosis of CHD among diabetic pregnancies.
Ethnic differences in blood pressure from early pregnancy to postpartum: A Norwegian cohort study; Objective: To examine blood pressure (BP) differences and changes between and within ethnic Western European, South Asian, Middle Eastern, East Asian, African, and East European living in Norway, from early pregnancy to postpartum and to explore associations between BP and explanatory variables. Methods: This was a population-based cohort study of 811 healthy pregnant women, 59% had ethnic minority origin. Participants were from Western Europe, Eastern Europe, South Asia, East Asia, Middle East, and Africa. We performed ANOVA, generalized estimating equations linear regression and multiple linear regression analysis. Results: At 15 weeks' gestation, mean SBP were 4.9-7.0 mmHg lower and mean DBP 2.1-3.4 mmHg lower for the non-Europeans compared with Western Europeans. SBP increased in all non-European groups from 15 weeks' gestation to 14 weeks' postpartum (P < 0.01), but not in Europeans. Ethnic differences were further reduced postpartum, with only South Asians having lower mean SBP than Western Europeans (P < 0.01). The ethnic differences persisted after adjusting for age, family history of cardiovascular disease, prepregnancy BMI, and prepregnancy physical activity. Age, prepregnancy BMI, prepregnancy physical activity, postpartum weight retention, and breastfeeding were independently associated with postpartum BP (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Pregnancy may have a more adverse effect on BP trajectories from early pregnancy to postpartum among non-European women compared with Western Europeans, despite their more favorable BP in early pregnancy.
Acute fatty liver of pregnancy: Analysis on the diagnosis and treatment of 15 cases; OBJECTIVE: To describe our experience with the diagnosis and management of acute fatty liver of pregnancy (AFLP). STUDY DESIGN: The medical records of pregnant women with AFLP were reviewed for symptoms, laboratory findings, treatment, and maternal and fetal outcomes during a 10-year period between January 2003 and December 2013. RESULTS: During the study period 15 women had AFLP as their discharge diagnosis. The mean gestational age at onset was 36±1 weeks. Eleven cases were primigravidas, and 2 had multiple gestations. All patients presented with nausea, vomiting, and epigastric distress followed by jaundice in the third trimester of pregnancy. Raised transaminases and serum bilirubin as well as coagulopathy were found in all patients (100%), while hypoglycemia was found in 8 patients (53%). Ultrasound examination showed enhanced echo or fatty liver in 11 patients. Maternal morbidity included hepatic encephalopathy (n=1), renal failure (n=3), ascites (n=6), hypoglycemia (n=8), postpartum hemorrhage (n=6), upper gastrointestinal hemorrhage (n=1), and preeclampsia (n=1). Emergency cesarean section was performed in 12 cases and supracervical hysterectomy was performed in 1 patient due to postpartum hemorrhage and disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC); all patients survived. All neonates survived except for 2 fetal death cases before admission. CONCLUSION: Early diagnosis and prompt progressive management, including early termination of pregnancy and comprehensive supportive care, are crucial for improving the prognoses of both mother and newborn.
Cognitive Enhancement in Infants Associated with Increased Maternal Fruit Intake During Pregnancy: Results from a Birth Cohort Study with Validation in an Animal Model; In-utero nutrition is an under-studied aspect of cognitive development. Fruit has been an important dietary constituent for early hominins and humans. Among 808 eligible CHILD-Edmonton sub-cohort subjects, 688 (85%) had 1-year cognitive outcome data. We found that each maternal daily serving of fruit (sum of fruit plus 100% fruit juice) consumed during pregnancy was associated with a 2.38 point increase in 1-year cognitive development (95% CI 0.39, 4.37; p < 0.05). Consistent with this, we found 30% higher learning Performance index (PI) scores in Drosophila offspring from parents who consumed 30% fruit juice supplementation prenatally (PI: 85.7; SE 1.8; p < 0.05) compared to the offspring of standard diet parents (PI: 65.0 SE 3.4). Using the Drosophila model, we also show that the cyclic adenylate monophosphate (cAMP) pathway may be a major regulator of this effect, as prenatal fruit associated cognitive enhancement was blocked in Drosophila rutabaga mutants with reduced Ca2+-Calmodulin-dependent adenylyl cyclase. Moreover, gestation is a critical time for this effect as postnatal fruit intake did not enhance cognitive performance in either humans or Drosophila. Our study supports increased fruit consumption during pregnancy with significant increases in infant cognitive performance. Validation in Drosophila helps control for potential participant bias or unmeasured confounders.
Emergency cesarean section in an epidemic of the middle east respiratory syndrome: A case report; Only a few reports have been published on women with an infectious respiratory viral pathogen, such as Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) Coronavirus delivering a baby. A laboratory confirmed case of MERS was reported during a MERS outbreak in the Republic of Korea in a woman at gestational week 35 + 4. She recovered, and delivered a healthy baby by emergency cesarean section (C-sec). We present the clinical course and the emergency C-sec in a pregnant woman with MERS.
Sex and gender differences in risk, pathophysiology and complications of type 2 diabetes mellitus; The steep rise of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and associated complicationsgoalong with mounting evidence of clinically important sex and gender differences. T2DM is more frequently diagnosed at lower age and body mass index in men; however, the most prominent risk factor, which is obesity, is more common in women. Generally, large sex-ratio differences across countries are observed. Diversities in biology, culture, lifestyle, environment, and socioeconomic status impact differences between males and females in predisposition, development, and clinical presentation. Genetic effects and epigenetic mechanisms, nutritional factors and sedentary lifestyle affect risk and complications differently in both sexes. Furthermore, sex hormones have a great impact on energy metabolism, body composition, vascular function, and inflammatory responses. Thus, endocrine imbalances relate to unfavorable cardiometabolic traits, observable in women with androgen excess or men with hypogonadism. Both biological and psychosocial factors are responsible for sex and gender differences in diabetes risk and outcome. Overall, psychosocial stress appears to have greater impact onwomenrather than on men. In addition, womenhave greater increases of cardiovascular risk, myocardial infarction, and stroke mortality than men, compared with nondiabetic subjects. However, when dialysis therapy is initiated, mortality is comparable in both males and females. Diabetes appears to attenuate the protective effect of the female sex in the development of cardiac diseases and nephropathy. Endocrine and behavioral factors are involved in gender inequalities and affect the outcome. More research regarding sex-dimorphic pathophysiological mechanisms of T2DM and its complications could contribute to more personalized diabetes care in the future and would thus promote more awareness in terms of sex- and gender-specific risk factors.
Incretins, pregnancy, and gestational diabetes; The number of pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing among Caucasians, and East Asians. GDM also increases the risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), obesity, and cardiovascular disease in both women and their offspring. The underlying mechanism of GDM is not fully elucidated. Incretins such as glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic peptide (GIP), have been suggested to have a role in maternal metabolism and weight as well as fetal growth. These hormones might be implicated in mechanisms that compensate for the increment in glycemia and insulin resistance seen during pregnancy, while other factors, such as heredity, environment and lifestyle, but also different race/ethnic background might also lead to the comorbid health problems. Some studies indicate that pregnancy is associated with a diminished GLP-1 response which is more prominently evident in women with GDM and normalizes after delivery. Postprandial GIP level seems to be unaffected by pregnancy, despite its increased level in GDM. On the other hand, the reduced incretin effect observed in GDM may represent a risk factor for obesity, T2DM and metabolic disorders even in the offspring of these women. Further investigations are needed to establish the exact role of incretins in pregnancy and gestational glucose intolerance.
Nutraceuticals as lipid-lowering treatment in pregnancy and their effects on the metabolic syndrome; Maternal nutrition and lifestyle before and during pregnancy influence both mother and offspring’s health and can be correlated with the metabolic syndrome in later life. Findings from animal and human studies indicate that nutrition during pregnancy has an important role in microbiological, metabolic, physiologic and immunologic development and homeostasis. A low nutritional intake in early pregnancy may represent a risk for adverse effects during pregnancy as well as on birth outcome. It seems that dietary supplementation with probiotics in perinatal period may represent safe and practical approach in dealing with the most common adverse pregnancy outcomes such as obesity and gestational diabetes. The SPRING (Study of Probiotics in the prevention of Gestational diabetes) will give important answers about potential benefits of probiotics in pregnant women who are obese and overweight and otherwise at the high risk for complications during pregnancy. Fish oil supplementation during the last trimester of pregnancy showed no effects on plasma lipids and lipoproteins in offspring, as well as on their adiposity. The effect of hypercholesterolemia during pregnancy on both mothers and child needs to be further investigated as it could have a biological role. The guidelines for the eventual clinical approach currently do not exist. Potential benefits of nutraceuticals on several metabolic parameters have been suggested. Limited evidence does not allow to draw final conclusions on preventive health strategies and dietary patterns that should be promoted during pregnancy. Further prospective and intervention studies are needed to establish it. Healthy lifestyle and dietary advice with appropriate supplements usage should be considered.
Mean platelet volume in women with gestational diabetes; Purpose: Mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of platelet activation which plays an important role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. The purpose of this study was to compare MPV values in patients with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), who have different degrees of carbohydrate intolerance with that in women without pGDM; and to retrospectively analyze MPV in these women during pregnancy. Material and Method: One hundred and five consecutive women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and 40 women with negative screening for GDM were studied. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in MPV between women with pGDM and health controls. Although not significant, women with pGDM developing type 2 diabetes had elevated levels of MPV compared to their normoglycemic counterparts (p=0.092). MPV was positively correlated with fasting glucose levels (r=0.215, p=0.009). During pregnancy, the mean platelet volume was significantly higher in women with GDM than in healthy pregnant controls (p<0.05). Discussion: Our results suggest that alterations in MPV levels are associated with diabetic state rather than underlying insulin resistance.
Detecting people at high risk of type 2 diabetes- How do we find them and who should be treated?; Diabetes is a chronic disease characterized by its silent and progressive nature. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) increases with age but with a worrying trend of increasingly young age of diagnosis. Compared to their counterparts with late onset of disease, these younger subjects face long disease duration with increased risk of diabetes-related complications. Besides, there is marked phenotypic heterogeneity which can interact with different interventions to give rise to variable clinical outcomes. Recognized at-risk groups include those with known atherosclerosis and vascular disease, genetic background (family history and non-White ethnic groups), phenotypes of insulin resistance (obesity, metabolic syndrome, women with gestational diabetes or polycystic ovarian syndrome, and men with androgen deficiency) and “pre-diabetes” (impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose). These risk factors interact to amplify the risk for diabetes, thus emphasizing the importance of comprehensive assessment. Raising awareness and health literacy, regular screening of high risk subjects, structured lifestyle modification program including early use of pharmacological agents, targeting at predominant pathophysiological defects offers a personalized approach to prevent this global hazard.
Global differences in informed consent-a review of recent legal changes in the UK and comparisons abroad; Patient autonomy and informed consent are fundamental principles in all areas of medicine. In the diverse field of obstetrics and gynaecology, consenting patients is a key skill in many aspects of daily practice. It is essential for clinicians to have a firm understanding of their legal and ethical duties. Although the founding principles of consent are the same, there are wide variations in the detail both recently in the UK and abroad. In 2015 a case law, (Montgomery 2015), was passed in the UK that could potentially expose major challenges to practising obstetricians. Mrs Montgomery was a diabetic primigravida who developed shoulder dystocia during delivery of her son and resulting cerebral palsy. She successfully argued that she had not been adequately informed about the risks of vaginal delivery in diabetic mothers and was not offered an elective caesarean section. The General Medical Council's Good Medical Practice document (2008) states that patients must be given adequate information on serious risks, however rare, although UK doctors are currently under no duty to act on patient requests if they are not deemed in their best interests. As a result of the Montgomery case law, patients must now be given information on all risks, however rare, and the focus has shifted further towards patient choice and independence. The responsibility now lies with the patient to decide whether a small risk of shoulder dystocia, or the unpredictability of a vaginal delivery are more hazardous than an elective caesarean section. We aim to explore the difficulties that the UK profession may face as a consequence of this ruling. We will review consenting guidance in the USA and India for comparison and evaluate how factors such as cultural doctor-patient relationships, medico-legal implications and the cost of healthcare may influence consent. We will also consider the impact that this ruling may have over patient autonomy versus clinical judgment and the effects of different perceptions of risk between obstetricians and patients. Lastly, we hypothesise that this ruling will increase the rate of elective caesarean section and will explore potential consequences.
Cardiac performance in obese pregnant women: Are they in jeopardy?; Objectives The aim is to assess serial changes in “cardiovascular function” in obese pregnant females (body mass index (BMI) ≥30 kg/m2) as compared to lean pregnant controls throughout each trimester and six weeks postpartum by measuring the left ventricular functions. Methods 100 consented pregnant women in 1st trimester with a singleton live healthy pregnancy were included and divided according to their BMI into two groups. Women with multiple gestations, anemia, hypertension, cardiac disease, pre-gestational diabetes or those who developed gestational diabetes or preeclampsia during pregnancy were excluded. All women were subjected to four serial echocardiograms measuring: end diastolic left ventricular internal dimensions, left ventricular posterior wall thickness, left ventricular end systolic stress, left ventricular fractional shortening, circumferential shortening velocity, left ventricular mass, contractility, indices of preload and stroke volume. ANOVA was used to compare data between sequential studies for repeated measures. also, Independent t-test and c2 tests were used for continuous data and categorical data respectively. Results Cardiac index and cardiac output rose significantly during gestation in non-obese women, but not in obese ones (P = 0.02). In lean controls, stroke volume increased and contractility was maintained during pregnancy. While, both stroke volume and contractility declined significantly by the third trimester in obese cases. The contractility-dependant indices like systolic shortening index (SSI) and systolic velocity index (SVI) declined in obese women as compared to controls by the third trimester. SSI decreased significantly in obese subjects at 36 weeks (P = 0.05), while SVI did not differ significantly between groups during pregnancy. The load-dependant indices like fractional shortening and circumferential shortening velocity did not change significantly in either group. There was no statistically significant difference between both groups among the need of any medications, the need of termination of pregnancy and pregnancy outcomes. The need of advanced cardiac investigations and hospitalisation were significantly higher in obese women at the third trimester. Conclusion Obese pregnant women demonstrated an altered maladaptive left ventricular contractile physiological response peaking in the third trimester of pregnancy characterised by a relative fall in preload and contractility as compared to lean pregnant ones. All services were free, so no funding was required.
Detection of congenital cardiac diseases, by fetal echocardiography, in Azerbaijan; Introduction: The incidence of Congenital Heart Disease (CHD) in large series, in Fetal life has never been studied in Azerbaijan. Objectives: Describe the incidence of CHD, detected by fetal echocardiography. Over 3 year experience from 3 centers in Baku. Methods: From August 2012 until October 2015 we studied, 489 fetuses. They were referred with the following indications: 1Surrogate parents (32.47%) 2Abnormal cardiac screening examination during the 20th week scans (22.27%) 3IVF fetuses, (15.14%) 4 Arrhythmias (7.50%), 5.History of CHD in the family (7.1%), 6. Combination of maternal age and increased nuchal translucency (7.60%) 7. Maternal Diabetes Mellitus (5.29%), 8. Others, including multiple spontaneous abortions, un- explained intra uterus death, possible congenital rubella infection and mother suffering from SLE (2.63%).Initial scans were done after the 21st week of gestation, with mean gestational age 22+/-7 weeks. The assessment was done using color Doppler, 2D echocardiography, by General Electric Vivid 7 device, with appropriate fetal software and probe. Findings were verified with echocardiography and MRI studies were indicated, post-natal, and postmortem examination in pregnancies that were interrupted. Results: We detected 99 CHD, (20.25%). Complex CDH: (72/71.71%). The rest (27/28.28%) were simple. Complex CHD: Tetralogy of Fallot (11/10.89%), Complete AV channels (10/10.89%), Simple TGA's (10/ 10.89%), Double Outlet RV(7/6.93%), Tricuspid valve atresia(7/6.93%), combination of (pm)VSD with Aortic arch hypoplasia(6/5.94% and/or coarctation (5/4.95%), hypoplastic LV Syndrome (6/5.94%), complex VSD's with Bicuspid Aortic valves (6/5.94%), Ebstein Anomaly(2/1.98%),congenitally corrected TGA with additional VSD (1 /0.99%), Trancus Arteriosus with a criss - cross, heart(1/0.99%). Simple defects: VSD's (16/15.84% muscular (12), perimembranus (4), pulmonary (7/6.93%), aortic valve stenosis (4/3.96%). We detected (6) Fetal Arrhythmias. (2/33.3%), transient tachycardia's, (3/50%), SVT requiring treatment and (1/16.7%) permanent (complete A-V block). Conclusion: This preliminary study addresses the incidence of CHD in Fetal life In Azerbaijan. As surgical services are currently limited, fetal echocardiography under the appropriate indications can achieve primary diagnosis of CHD and help in delivering the best quality of care.
Changes in body composition after 30 days of healthy lifestyle in obese pregnant women; Introduction: A wrong lifestyle, in terms of physical activity and eating habits, in pregnant woman is associated with poor outcomes. Aim: To investigate the modification in body composition after a lifestyle change during pregnancy. Methods: 7 female (36.6 ± 5.8 years, 1.61 ± 0.09 m, 41.45 ± 3.15 kg/m2) in early pregnancy were enrolled. At the first examination it were evaluated: - Body composition by anthropometry, skinfold thickness and bioelectrical impedance; - Aerobic capacity with the 6 min walking test; - Eating habits with a food diary. Daily walking were establish for each subject in term of duration (30 min) and intensity (heart rate from walking test, steps per minute and self perceived of exertion. Individualized corrections were provided for eating habits. The efficacy of the program was verified by body composition assessment: data before and after 30 days were compared (t test for paired data). Results: No significant change occurs in anthropometrics parameters. After 1 month a significant reduction in fat mass were observed (T0 = 41.35 ± 8.84; T1 = 39.35 ± 8.22; p = 0.02) mainly dependent from biceps (T0 = 20.80 ± 4.88; T1 = 15.74 ± 1.59; p = 0.02) and triceps (T0 = 33.41 ± 6.70; T1 = 28.29 ± 6.48; p = 0.003) skinfold. An increase in fat free mass were also found (T0 = 64.43 ± 8.41; T1 = 65.85 ± 8.75; p = 0.02). A redistribution in body water occurs with an increase in extra cellular compartment as adaptation to training (T0 = 19.54 ± 3.27; T1 = 20.33 ± 2.82; p = 0.04), mainly dependent by a reduction in reactance value (T0 = 46.71 ± 7.57; T1 = 43.14 ± 4.85; p = 0.03). Conclusions: During pregnancy, many women increase the amount of sedentary behavior. This predispose to risk of gestational diabetes, hypertension and also risk to the fetus. Regular walking activity during this period decreases the risk associated with fat mass.
Left ventricular hypertrophy in preterm infants: Risk factors and outcome; Background: Left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) is known to be associated with adverse cardiac events in adults. Little is known about the risk factors and outcomes of LVH in preterm infants. In this retrospective case control study we sought to determine the various risk factors and outcomes associated with LVH in preterm infant ≤ 2 Kg. Method: Left ventricular mass (LVM) was determined by M-mode echocardiography in 522 preterm infants ≤ 2 Kg, excluding those with congenital heart disease, moderate or larger PDA, or known genetic cardiomyopathy (study period: January 2005 - December 2014). A simple linear percentile regression for LVM normalized by weight on the day of scan was generated and infants with LVM ≥ 90 centile were defined as LVH cases (n = 73). Controls were randomly selected from a subgroup that were prospectively enrolled through the Prematurity and Respiratory Outcomes Program with LVM< 90 centile normalized by weight. Controls and cases were matched according to corrected gestational age and weight. We compared possible risk factors for LVH (Table 1), outcomes (duration of hospital stay, and all cause mortality) and the prevalence of concentric hypertrophy (relative wall thickness ≥80 percentile) in the 2 groups. Results: Cases when compared to controls were associated with higher risk of maternal diabetes, postnatal steroid use, drug treated hypertension, chronic lung disease, and the use of inotropes (Table 1.). With multiple logistic regression analysis only postnatal steroid use remained as a predictor of LVH (RR 2.0; 95% CI 1.2 - 3.2; P = 0.002).The mean ± [2 SD] duration of hospital stay was significantly longer in the cases compared to controls (109 ± [111] vs. 90 ± [69] days, P =0.01). LVH resolved in all but 1 of the 53 cases with follow-up echocardiograms with a median follow-up of 4 weeks. Concentric hypertrophy was seen in 17 cases (23%). Four cases died, as compared to 5 in the control group (P=1). Conclusions: This study determined that postnatal steroid use in preterm infants is a significant risk factor for the development of LVH. Furthermore, LVH is related to longer duration of hospital stay, typically resolves, and does not predict mortality. LVM indexed by weight is a practical method to identify pathologic hypertrophy in preterm infants. (Table Presented).
Cardiac remodeling in the offspring of mothers with diabetes persists into early infancy; Background: There is evidence for changes in the fetal myocardium resulting from intrauterine effects of maternal diabetes mellitus (DM). Using speckle-tracking echocardiography (STE), it has been shown that alterations in fetal left ventricular (LV) function occur with maternal DM, lending support to the concept of cardiovascular programming in these fetuses. We hypothesized that cardiovascular programming from in-utero effects of maternal DM is a phenomenon that persists into early childhood, and investigated a prenatally diagnosed longitudinal cohort with post-natal deformation imaging. Methods: From an inception cohort of 82 fetuses of maternal DM and 70 normal fetuses recruited at two centers, a prospective case-control STE evaluation was performed in infants of DM (IDM) and age-matched normal controls (C) at 1 year of age. Apical four-chamber and left ventricular (LV) short axis views at > 50 fps were obtained (GE Vivid7 and E9). Off line STE analysis of the LV was performed in apical four-chamber (longitudinal strain, LS and strain rate, LSR) and short axis (circumferential strain, CS and strain rate CSR) (Image Arena, TomTec). T tests were used for comparisons between IDM and C groups. Results: In all, 40 infants (23 DM and 17 C) were studied. The mean maternal hemoglobin A1c in the IDM group was 6.4 % (5-11.4%) during pregnancy. The mean age (years) of follow-up was 1.06+0.24 for IDM and 1.04+0.05 (p=0.74) for C. The mean body surface area (m2) was 0.44+0.03 for IDM and 0.46+0.05 for C. Statistically significant differences (p<0.01) persisted between IDM and C for global LS (-19.57+2.3 vs. -23.20%+4.3), global CS (-17.24+3.78 vs. -21.76%+4.3) and average CSR (-1.52+0.32 vs. -1.3+0.28 sec-1) at one-year follow-up. Average LSR (-1.25+0.19 vs. -1.29+0.27 sec-1) was similar between the two groups. Global CS decreased further (-23.08+7.46 vs. -17.24+3.78, p<0.01) in the DM cohort from fetal to 1-year age; while global LS (-21.98+6.81vs. -19.57+2.31), average LSR (-1.56+1.01 vs. -1.25+0.19) and average CSR (-1.53+0.46 vs. -1.52+0.32) remained unchanged postnatally. No significant differences were noted for strain parameters in infants with a maternal hemoglobin A1c < and > 6.4 mg/dl in the DM cohort. Conclusions: Our results indicate that adverse fetal myocardial remodeling from maternal DM persists into early infancy. These data may provide basis for further research into the role of maternal DM on cardiovascular disease in the offspring and potential intervention strategies.
Left ventricular dynamic changes in patients with gestational diabetes compared to normal pregnancy: A speckle tracking echocardiography study; Background: Left ventricle undergoes remodeling to adapt to hemodynamic changes that occur in pregnancy. Speckle Tracking Echocardiography (STE) is a novel and reliable tool to evaluate subtle myocardial alterations. STE has been utilized to assess myocardial changes associated with diabetes mellitus, however, gestational diabetes related myocardial dysfunction has not been studied. The aim of this study was to evaluate changes in left ventricular dynamics in patients with gestational diabetes in comparison to those of normal pregnancy. Method: Seventy two healthy individuals with normal pregnancy and 18 pregnant patients with gestational diabetes who underwent echocardiography during 2nd and 3rd trimester of pregnancy were assessed for changes in myocardial deformation using 2D STE. Patients with diabetes mellitus, hypertension, valvular abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, known Cardiac disease, poor image quality, were excluded from the study. Global longitudinal strain were calculated using apical 2, 3 and 4 chamber views. Global radial strain and global circumferential strain analysis were performed on parasternal short axis view at the papillary muscle level. Results: Left ventricular chamber size measured by calculating Left ventricular end diastolic diameter (LVEDD) and Left ventricular end systolic dimension (LVEDs) were similar in both groups (P value of 0.25 and 0.152 respectively). There was no difference in left ventricular ejection fraction (P=0.314 ) between the two groups. Patients with gestational diabetes had impaired global longitudinal strain compared to that of normal pregnancy (p<0.001). Circumferential strain and radial strain were preserved (P value of 0.925 and 0.378, respectively). The gestational diabetes group also had impaired global longitudinal strain rate with delayed time to peak in systole and diastole (P=0.001 and p < 0.001 respectively). Conclusion: We found that patients with gestational diabetes had evidence of impaired left ventricular global longitudinal strain, indicating that STE is a useful tool to identify subclinical myocardial alteration beyond traditional echocardiographic parameters. Whether aggressive blood sugar management could reverse myocardial changes requires further investigation.
The Electronic CardioMetabolic Program (eCMP) for Patients With Cardiometabolic Risk: A Randomized Controlled Trial; BACKGROUND: Effective lifestyle interventions targeting high-risk adults that are both practical for use in ambulatory care settings and scalable at a population management level are needed.
Energy Balance–Related Behaviors, Perinatal, Sociodemographic, and Parental Risk Factors Associated with Obesity in Italian Preschoolers; Objective: The obesity epidemic stems from the complex interplay between genetics and environmental factors. Identifying age-specific risk factors in preschoolers may allow implementing more effective intervention strategies. The aim of the present investigation was to examine the association of overweight/obesity with several perinatal, parental, socioeconomic status (SES), and lifestyle-related risk factors in a large sample of Italian preschoolers. Methods: One thousand eleven children (age 2.0 to 5.7 years) were included in the study. Family pediatricians measured weight and height and collected information on obesity risk factors by means of questionnaires. Perinatal risk factors were recalled from electronic medical records. Weight status was defined according to cutoffs of the International Obesity Task Force (IOTF). Results: Seven hundred sixty-four children (75.6%) were normal weight, and 247 (24.4%) were overweight/obese. Multivariate analysis showed that skipping breakfast (odds ratio [OR] = 3.7; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.32–10.51), daily drinking of sugar-sweetened beverages (OR = 2.0; 95% CI, 1.02–4.03), meat consumption <5 times/week (OR = 2.2; 95% CI, 1.11–4.57), and formula feeding (OR = 2.1; 95% CI, 0.8–4.5) were significantly (p < 0.05) associated with increased risk of obesity. Conclusions: Though exclusive formula or mixed feeding represents an age-specific risk factor for overweight/obesity, lifestyle factors associated with increased risk in Italian preschoolers include habits that are common to school-age children, such as skipping breakfast and consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages. The reduced consumption of meat emerged as a risk factor for overweight/obesity, but future research is required to better understand this relationship. Our data suggest, on the whole, that prevention of such unhealthy behaviors must be pursued in preschoolers by means of age-specific interventions.
Gestational age-specific neonatal morbidity among pregnancies complicated by advanced maternal age: A population-based retrospective cohort study; Objective: Compare significant neonatal morbidity frequency differences in advanced maternal age (AMA) versus non-AMA pregnancies, assessing which gestational week is associated with the lowest morbidity risk.Methods: Population-based retrospective cohort study. Adverse neonatal outcome frequency differences were stratified by each week of gestation. Multivariate logistic regression estimated the relative risk (RR) of composite neonatal morbidity for women aged 35-39, 40-44, 45-49 and 50-55 versus 18-34 years, adjusted sequentially for relevant risk factors.Results: Neonatal morbidity decreased with each advancing week of term gestation, lowest at 39 weeks for all the groups. Adverse neonatal outcome risk for births to AMA women increased at 40 weeks: 35-39 years adjRR 1.12 [1.01-1.24] and ≥40 years 1.24 [1.01-1.52]. Each older maternal age category had increased risk for overall neonatal morbidity: 35-39 years adjRR 1.11 [95% CI 1.08-1.15], 40-44 years 1.21 [95% CI 1.14-1.29] and 45-49 years 1.34 [95% CI 1.05-1.69].Conclusions: Lowest neonatal morbidity risk is at 39-week gestation with a significantly increased risk observed thereafter, especially in women ≥40 years.
Infantile Renovascular Hypertension with Failure to Thrive; Severe hypertension in infancy is a rare cause of failure to thrive. The successful surgical management of this disease in an infant having refractory renovascular hypertension and growth failure is reported.
Association between maternal serum high mobility group box 1 levels and pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), is characterized by chronic, low-grade subclinical inflammation with altered production of cytokines and mediators. Recently, a new protein acting as a "danger signal", high mobility group box 1 (HMGB1), that migrates quickly during electrophoresis, has been identified. The aim of our study was to analyze serum levels of HMGB1 in pregnant women, with or without GDM, in the third trimester of pregnancy to evaluate correlation with insulin resistance and other risk factors for GDM. Methods and results: Seventy five pregnant women positive to the 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were included in the study group and 48 pregnant women who were negative to the screening test, were randomly selected using a computer-generated randomisation table. A significant positive univariate correlation was observed between serum HMGB1 levels, HOMA-IR index, glycaemia values at OGTT and pre-pregnancy BMI. Moreover, logistic regression analysis showed that serum HMGB1 was independent linked to GDM. Conclusion: Our study demonstrated that HMGB1, a marker of chronic inflammation, is associated to GDM and insulin resistance level, in the third trimester of pregnancy.
Review of gestational diabetes mellitus effects on vascular structure and function; Vascular dysfunction has been described in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Furthermore, previous gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes mellitus, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease. Factors contributing to vascular changes remain uncertain. The aim of this review was to summarize vascular structure and function changes found to occur in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that contribute to vascular dysfunction. A systematic search of electronic databases yielded 15 publications from 1998 to March 2014 that met the inclusion criteria. Our review confirmed that previous gestational diabetes mellitus contributes to vascular dysfunction, and the most consistent risk factor associated with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and vascular dysfunction was elevated body mass index. Heterogeneity existed across studies in determining the relationship of glycaemic levels and insulin resistance to vascular dysfunction.
Fetal left ventricular myocardial performance index: Defining normal values for Indian population and a review of literature; Objective: The aim of this study was to determine normal values for fetal left ventricular (LV)-myocardial performance index (MPI) in Indian population and to assess its relation to advancing gestation and fetal heart rate (FHR). Materials and Methods: Two hundred pregnant women without any pregnancy-related complications and whose fetuses were shown to have structurally normal hearts were enrolled in this study. Doppler waveform involving simultaneous display of mitral inflow and LV outflow was obtained in all. Various intervals including isovolumetric contraction time (IVCT), isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRT), and ejection time (ET) were measured and then the MPI was calculated using the formula IVCT + IVRT/ET. Also the correlation between MPI and gestation age and FHR was assessed. We also reviewed the literature on the use of MPI for the assessment of fetal LV function. Results: The normal MPI in second and third trimester fetuses of Indian population was 0.42 ± 0.03. The mean IVCT was 33 ± 4 milliseconds (ms), mean IVRT was 39 ± 5 ms, and mean ET was 169 ± 9 ms. The mean heart rate was 148 ± 8 bpm and the mean PR interval was 111 ± 10 ms. There was no significant association of LV-MPI with either FHR or advancing gestation. Conclusion: MPI is a useful parameter for the assessment global cardiac function. MPI has the advantage of not being affected by FHR, ventricular size, and geometry or image quality. The review of literature shows its significant importance in monitoring complicated pregnancies.
Cerebral blood flow regulation, exercise and pregnancy: Why should we care?; Cerebral blood flow (CBF) regulation is an indicator of cerebrovascular health increasingly recognized as being influenced by physical activity. Although regular exercise is recommended during healthy pregnancy, the effects of exercise on CBF regulation during this critical period of important blood flow increase and redistribution remain incompletely understood. Moreover, only a few studies have evaluated the effects of human pregnancy on CBF regulation. The present work summarizes current knowledge on CBF regulation in humans at rest and during aerobic exercise in relation to healthy pregnancy. Important gaps in the literature are highlighted, emphasizing the need to conduct well-designed studies assessing cerebrovascular function before, during and after this crucial life period to evaluate the potential cerebrovascular risks and benefits of exercise during pregnancy.
ASSOCIATION BETWEEN PREGNANCY COMPLICATIONS AND LONG TERM MATERNAL CARDIOVASCULAR MORBIDITY; In recent years there is a significant increase in the rate of the metabolic syndrome. Correspondingly, and possibly due to this increase, there is a significant increase in cardiovascular events in women. Contradictory to the concept that obstetric complication is limited to pregnancy, some obstetric complications may cause or seemingly provide a preliminary sign for future maternal morbidity. In recent years there have been an increasing number of studies that examined the theory that vascular-related complications of pregnancy may be associated with increased risk for future maternal cardiovascular morbidity. We present a review of the literature, in addition to a series of studies conducted in Soroka University Medical Center that examined the association between pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm delivery, placental abruption and recurrent pregnancy loss and future long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity.
Extreme leukocytosis in obstetric patients; Objective: Normal pregnancy is characterized by profound changes in hematologic system to compensate the demands of the fetoplacental unit. The most significant hematological changes during pregnancy include physiologic anemia, neutrophilia, mild thrombocytopenia, increased procoagulant factors and diminished fibrinolysis. The complete blood count (CBC) is ordered routinely in pregnant women. Leukocytosis is defined as total WBC count more than 11000/μL in adults. During pregnancy, WBC count increase gradually. It is important to distinguish normal increase in WBC count from abnormal increase during pregnany and postpartum period. We aimed to determine relationship between high WBC count and abnormal conditions (Table 1). Case 1: A 32-year-old woman had been referred with labor pain at 39 weeks of gestation. WBC count was 21000/μL preoperatively, 119000/μL postoperatively. Then she was consulted with Hematology-Oncology Department by which she was taken over with the diagnosis of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Case 2: A 23-year-old woman had been admitted with labor pain at 38 weeks of gestation. On admission, her leukocyte count was 83000/μL. Postoperatively WBC count was 86000/μL and 55000/μL. Abdominal and chest tomography was done and hepatosplenomegaly was identified and presence of lympadenopathy was noticed. With confirmatory tests, lymphoma was diagnosed and management was planned with Hematology-Oncology Department. Case 3: A 20-year-old woman had been consulted to our clinics with the complaints of fever, pelvic pain, foul-smelling discharge and surgical site infection. She gave healthy birth 6 days ago with cesarean section. WBC count was 42000/μL preoperatively, 54000/μL postoperatively. The reason for these adverse postpartum events was chorioamnionitis. Case 4: A 26-year-old woman had been admitted with epigastric pain, hypertension and vaginal bleeding in the 33th weeks of gestation. Because placental abruption had occurred, cesarean delivery was performed. WBC count was 43000/μL preoperatively, 56000/μL postoperatively. This high WBC count was a clue for preeclampsia. Case 5: A 19-year-old woman had been consulted to Emergency Service in cardiac arrest. She had given vaginal birth nine days ago at 31st weeks of gestation. Leukocyte count was 41600/μL. It was understood from the patient's records that there had been leukocytosis during labor. She was addicted bonzai and used during pregnancy. Case 6: A 19-year-old woman had been referred with labor pain at 32 weeks of gestation. With the indication of fetal distress, a girl was delivered by cesarean section. WBC count was 46000/μL preoperatively, 55600/μL postoperatively. The patient was taken over by Hematology- Oncology Department for management of ALL. Conclusion: CBC is ordered routinely in all pregnant women. WBC count is less focused as a component of CBC unless there is any suspicion of infection. But it is important to be aware that leukocytosis could be a hallmark of any disease. Although not specific, many obstetrical complications and adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preterm delivery, gestational diabetes mellitus or hypertension could be understood with high WBC count. Hematological malignancies may not be understood during pregnancy because symptoms of these malignancies are similar to normal symptoms of pregnancy. So this overlapping symptomology may cause a delay in diagnosis. (table present).
Ischemia modified albumin, cardiac troponin T and N-terminal pro-B type natriuretic peptide levels in infants of diabetic mothers; Introduction: Maternal diabetes mellitus (MDM) is a risk for the health of both the pregnant women and her infant. It is reported that MDM increases oxidative stress and decreases antioxidant enzyme activities. Cardiomyopathy is noted in up to 40% of infants of diabetic mothers, and the exact mechanisms responsible for it are unknown. The aim of this study was to compare between infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) and healthy control newborns as regards of ischemia-modified-albumin (IMA), cardiac troponin-T (cTnT) and N-terminal brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels as markers of cardiac dysfunction. Method: A prospective, comparative study included 40 infants of diabetic mother (IDM) as patient group and 40 healthy full term neonates as a control group. Umbilical cord blood IMA, Troponin T and NT-pro BNP levels were studied. Echocardiographic and electrocardiographic parameters were recorded in the first day of life. Results: Interventricular septal thickness were higher in IDM group (p< 0.05). Myocardial performance index were significantly decreased in the IDM group (p <0.05). The cord blood IMA, cTnT and NT-proBNP levels were higher in the IDM group compared with healthy control newborns, and the difference was statistically significant for IMA and NT-proBNP. IMA levels in IDM and control group were 225.52 ± 92.39ng/ml and 147.05 ±87.41 ng/ml respectively (p <0.05). Cardiac troponin T levels were 119.80 ± 45.59 pg/ml and 102.55 ±42.65 pg/ml without significant difference (p> 0.05). Cord blood NT-proBNP levels were 2886.05± 4280.66 pg/ml and 956.30 ±450.05 pg/ml in IDM and control group respectively. Conclusions: This study demonstrated elevated IMA and cardiac markers in asymptomatic infants of well controlled diabetic mothers, representing the subclinical cardiac findings.
Asymmetric septal hypertrophy in children on long-term parenteral nutrition - The glucose role?; Introduction: Long-term parenteral nutrition(PN) is an effective method of treatment in children with intestinal failure, however it is related to several complications. Hypothetically there are several factors related to PN which might influence cardiac status, such as volume overload and metabolic influence of administered nutrition mixtures. Objectives: The aim of this cross-sectional study was to evaluate the cardiac status in children with intestinal failure on long-term PN and to identify factors that might influence it. Methods: 71 children with intestinal failure aged from 0.92 to 19.84 years (average - 7.6 year), being on parenteral nutrition for average of 4.9 years were examined by echocardiography with assessment of basic functional and structure parameters, chest X-ray with assessment of CTR and NTproBNP serum concentration. Results were compared with normal values established on the base of epidemiological studies and analyzed by T-student test. Correlation of the cardiac results with potential risk factors related to PN such as: nutrients and fluid content, fluid flow, frequency of PN administration per week, the period from initiating PN were analyzed with Spearman correlation test. Results: The main stated aberrations were: the augmentation of the echocardiographic IVSd diameter and IVSd/LVPWd ratio above normal limits (>2 SD and >1,3) in19% patients (average of the abnormal IVSd diameter:140% of the mean normal value (130%- 170%); average percentile in the studied group - 70th; p<0.001), and elevation of CTR in 44% and of NTproBNP serum level in 32% . Those aberrations correlated with glucose content in the PN mixture (CTR: p= 0.008; r= 0.329; NTproBNP: p <0.001; r= 0.491; IVSd: p =0.024; r=0.273), with PN's frequency (CTR: p =0.032; r =0.276; NTproBNP: p= 0.013; r= 0.295) and with PN mixture's volume (CTR: p <0.001; r =0.395; NTproBNP: p< 0.001; r =0.327; IVSd: p= 0.014; r =0.306). Conclusions: The main aberration of the cardiac status in children on long-term PN was the enlargment of IVSd diameter, which correlated significantly with glucose content in PN (resembling the situation of ASH in infants of diabetic mothers) and elevation of IVSd/LVPWd ratio. There was also frequently stated elevation of CTR on chest X-ray and of NTproBNP serum concentration, which both correlated significantly with PN volume.
The etiology of cardiac hypertrophy in infants; Introduction: Cardiac hypertrophy in young childhood is a rare and heterogeneous disease. Unfortunately, often the etiology remains idiopathic. The pathophysiology and distribution of etiologies in infants are supposedly different from cardiac hypertrophy developing later in childhood. Objectives: To investigate the distribution of etiologies, association with hyperinsulinism, distinctive (echocardiographic) variables and the prognosis of cardiac hypertrophy in infants. Methods: This single center retrospective study included all patients born between 2005-2014 with cardiac hypertrophy measured by echocardiography (diastolic interventricular septum (IVSd) or left ventricular posterior wall (LVPWd) thickness with Z-score ≥ 2.0) below the age of 1 year. Children with cardiac hypertrophy due to congenital heart disease (CHD) or hypertension were excluded. Underlying diagnosis, echocardiographic data and clinical followup were extracted from patient files. Association with hyperinsulinism was reviewed for each underlying cause. Results: Echocardiograms of 6941 infants were screened. Cardiac hypertrophy was reported in 205 cases. After exclusion of 141 children with Z-scores <2.0 (n=72), underlying CHD (n =56) or hypertension (n =13) 64 infants remained eligible for analysis. In two-thirds of these children (n= 44;69%) an etiology was identified. Malformation syndromes (n = 21;33%, including Noonan n =10;16%) and maternal diabetes mellitus (n =13;20%) were most common causes. Less common causes were sarcomeric disease (n= 4;6%), metabolic disease (n =3;5%), congenital hyperinsulinism (n =2;3%) and neuromuscular disease (n =1;2%). In half of the identified causes the etiology was associated with hyperinsulinism (n =21;33%). Cardiac hypertrophy by hyperinsulinism was diagnosed significantly earlier, had lower LVPWd (Z-scores), a higher IVSd:LVPWd ratio and a more often and faster normalization of cardiac hypertrophy compared with cases without hyperinsulinism (all p<0.05). Metabolic disease, sarcomeric disease and malformation syndromes had higher mortality rates and worse survival than children with maternal diabetes mellitus, idiopathic cardiac hypertrophy, congenital hyperinsulinism or a neuromuscular disorder. [IMAGE PRESENTED] Conclusions: An etiology can be identified in most infants with cardiac hypertrophy. Hyperinsulinism is a causative factor in the development of cardiac hypertrophy in many infants. Echocardiographic variables may distinguish between the different causes of cardiac hypertrophy. Prognosis depends on the underlying cause.
Iindication specific diagnosticyield of fetal echocardiography; Objectives: To document the indication specific diagnostic yield of fetal echocardiography, when performed by established referral indications. Methods: Retrospective study based on referral indications and documented findings of fetal echocardiograms performed over 6 years (1997-2013) in an academic referral center for fetal cardiology. Referral indications have been classified as either supported by literature (Ind+ ) or not (Ind-). Indication specific diagnostic yields and Odds Ratios (O.R) for any abnormality, fetal congenital heart disease (fCHD) and critical fCHD when fetal echocardiography was applied in Ind+ and Ind- pregnancies have been estimated. Results: 1782 out of 1847 fetuses (1804 pregnancies) were included, having complete referral data. 915 (51.3%) corresponded to Ind+ cases (50.4% fetal, 36.9% familial, 31% maternal origin of referral indication). Most of Ind- cases (52%) had no referral indication (family or physician wish), the remaining not established indications (including previous abortion, reduced fetal heart imaging, echogenic foci, borderline NT<3.5mm, etc). Overall, the incidence of any abnormality, fCHD and critical fCHD was 35.7%, 27.6% and 1.9%, respectively. The majority of fCHD were ventricular septal defects (38.6%) followed by (5-10% each) aortic coarctation, atrial septal defects and ( < 5% each) valvular stenosis, arch abnormalities and more complex forms of CHD. Ind+ compared to Ind- referrals were associated with significantly increased risk (Chi-square p<0.001) for any abnormality (46.1% vs 24.5%, O.R: 2.6, 2.1-3.2), for fCHD (35.8% vs 18.9%, OR: 2.3, 1.9-2.9) and for critical fCHD (3.2% vs 0.6%, O.R:5.6, 2.6-14.5). Diagnostic yield (%) for fCHD/critical CHD were highest (>50%) in Ind+ referrals for polyhydramnion (71/14) abnormal heart configuration in anomaly scan (56/8), chromosomal abnormalities (62/1), followed (25-50%) by referrals for fetal malformations (39/3) increased NT (36/1.8), history of maternal CHD (45/4.5). Lowest yields (< 25%), were documented in referrals for IVF (21/1.3), maternal diabetes (18/1.9), teratogen drug exposure (18/ 0), monochorionic twins (16/0). Conclusions: Fetal echocardiography performed for established indications is associated with significantly increased diagnostic yield for fetal CHD, which is referral indication specific. However, critical fetal CHD cases might still escape antenatal diagnosis in the absence of indication for fetal echocardiogram.
Significantly increased rates of primary cesarean delivery in various co-morbid conditions; INTRODUCTION: To characterize primary cesarean delivery (CD) rates in term, singleton, vertex pregnancies in the setting of various comorbid obstetrical/medical conditions. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study comprising all singleton, vertex, term pregnancies deliveries in California from 2001-2009. Co-morbid obstetrical/medical conditions were defined as presence of one or more of the following: asthma, chronic hypertension, diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia, thyroid disease, cardiac disease, obesity, lupus, or tobacco use. We excluded cases of malpresentation, preterm delivery, and fetal death. Cases of primary CD, as well as other delivery-related morbidities were identified via ICD-9-CM code. Logistic regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: Out of over 4.5 million deliveries, co-morbidities were identified in 13% of all subjects. The following conditions were all associated with a significant adjusted increase in primary CD (ranging from 18.4-25.7% vs a baseline rate of 15%): tobacco use, lupus, obesity, cardiac disease, thyroid disease, gestational diabetes, and asthma. Subjects with mild preeclampsia, severe preeclampsia, and obesity had an approximately 30% chance of undergoing primary CD. The primary CD rate in those with eclampsia, severe preeclampsia, and macrosomia exceeded 50%. CONCLUSION: Several conditions are associated with an increased primary CD rate. Conditions such as macrosomia and severe preeclampsia/ eclampsia have a strikingly high primary CD rate (>50%). Further study should be done on whether these higher primary CD rates are due to appropriate obstetrical indications. These patients comprise a significant proportion of the population; thus, prevention of primary CD in these medical co-morbidities is an area for targeted quality improvement.
Frequency of counseling and interventions designed to prevent the first cesarean section; INTRODUCTION: Our goal was to determine prevalence of counseling and interventions performed to reduce the cesarean birth rate. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of 1,115 primary cesarean deliveries (CD) at Magee Women's Hospital in 2011. Demographics, prenatal counseling, labor progress and intrapartum procedures, were abstracted from the electronic medical record. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the frequency of counseling and/or interventions. RESULTS: Of 1,115 primary CDs, 102 (9%) were for failed induction of labor (IOL), 286 (24%) for first stage, 237 (21%) for second stage arrest, 310 (28%) for a non-reassuring fetal heart rate, 162 (15%) for breech presentation, 65 (6%) for macrosomia, 44 (4%) for twins, 104 (9%) other medical indications, and 34 (3%) did not have an indication documented in the medical record. Of 237 CDs performed for second stage arrest, operative delivery was attempted in 18 (8%) and 84 (35%) met arrest criteria adjusted for parity. Among 102 CDs performed for a failed IOL, 38 (37%) received oxytocin for at least 12 h after rupture of membranes and 71 (70%) used cervical ripening in patients' with a Bishops score less than six. Among 213 CDs performed for arrest of dilation >6 cm, 167 (78%) had an IUPC during labor. Of 65 CDs for macrosomia, 47 (72%) had documented evidence of macrosomia by ultrasound. Of 162 CDs performed for breech presentation, 70 (43%) documented counseling for external cephalic version and 20 (12%) attempted version. CONCLUSION: Many primary cesarean sections are performed without utilization of interventions designed to reduce the CD rate.
Rheumatic heart disease in pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: The objective of the study was to examine the obstetrical outcomes of pregnancies in women with rheumatic heart disease (RHD) and the rate of associated chronic diseases. METHODS: The nationwide inpatient sample (NIS) database was queried for all birth related admissions between 2008 and 2012. The data were weighted by the NIS weight code provided. Women with RHD were identified and compared to women without RHD. The prevalence of relevant medical conditions and common obstetrical outcomes were compared between the two groups using logistic regressions. RESULTS: From 2008 to 2012, we identified 19,828,389 deliveries, 623 of those were among women with RHD. Interestingly, women with RHD tend to be from a lower socioeconomic class, be on Medicaid, and to be of ethnic origins other than white (P<.05). These women had a higher frequency of associated chronic medical illnesses including chronic hypertension OR5153.87 (4.02-6.78), cardiac arrhythmia OR=15.31 (1.72-5.14), congestive heart failure OR=619 (70.91-169.03), and thrombocytopenia OR=24 (1.95-4.71). After adjusting for baseline characteristics and preexisting diabetes and hyper tension, patients with RHD tend to have a higher risk of developing preeclampsia OR=24.92 (1.56-2.75), have more preterm premature rupture of membranes OR=24.63 (1.57-2.81), develop gestational diabetes OR=9.29 (1.16-1.96) and to develop urinary tract infections OR=19.22 (1.76-4.38). Furthermore, they are at a higher risk of cesarean delivery OR=8.91 (1.10-1.58), instrumental delivery OR=28.74 (2.52-7.30), and stillbirth OR=6.37 (1.2-4.16). CONCLUSION: Pregnancy in patients with RHD carries significant risks to the mother and the fetus. This information will allow for better counseling of women with RHD.
Early postpartum sleep and substantial postpartum weight retention in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; INTRODUCTION: In adults, sleep duration has been linked to obesity, coronary artery disease, and type 2 diabetes. Less sleep at 6 months postpartum has been linked with higher weight retention. This study evaluates postpartum sleep and 1-yr weight retention among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: Prospective cohort study of 1,035 women with GDM who delivered a singleton, live birth in northern California and enrolled in the Study of Women, Infant Feeding and Type 2 Diabetes after GDM (SWIFT) that involved in-person visits at 6-9 wks postpartum and annually to evaluate postpartum oral glucose tolerance, anthropometry, infant feeding, sleep, and other behaviors. Of these, 904 were classified into categories of sleep per 24 hours at 6-9 weeks postpartum, and into substantial postpartum weight retention (SPPWR), or not. Logistic regression models estimated odds ratios of SPPWR for sleep categories controlling for sociodemographics, breastfeeding, weight gain, BMI, glucose tolerance, depression, and lifestyle behaviors. RESULTS: 168 (19%) participants were classified with SPPWR. Distributions of sleep duration were: 227 (25%) ≤5 hrs, 236 (26%) 6 hrs, 218 (24%) 7 hrs and 223 (25%) ≥8 hrs per 24 hrs. Fully adjusted odds ratios (95% CI) for SPPWR were 1.55 (0.87-2.78) for ≤5 hrs, 1.70 (0.96-3.00) for 6 hrs and 2.26 (1.37-4.03) for ≤8 hrs versus 7 hrs. CONCLUSION: Sleeping more than 8 hrs at 6-9 weeks postpartum more than doubled the risk of SPPWR among women with recent GDM. Characteristics of women with longer sleep duration in the early postpartum period and their relationship to weight retention require further investigation.
Diagnosis and treatment of obstructive sleep apnea during pregnancy, a systematic review; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is higher during pregnancy compared with the nonpregnant population. The currently screening tools for OSA may not perform well in the obstetric population. OSA is directly linked to an increase in maternal and fetal morbidity. The goal of this systematic review is to determine the best OSA screening tool and the effect of OSA on maternal and fetal outcomes. METHODS: A search of the literature databases Medline (from 1946 to 2015), Medline in-process and other non-indexed citations, Embase (from 1947 to 2015) was carried out. The search strategy yielded 71 citations. Irrelevant papers were excluded by title and abstract review, leaving 33 manuscripts. We reviewed the studies that included: 1) A target population of obstetric patients with obstructive sleep apnea; 2) OSA screening tools; 3) Maternal and fetal outcomes. RESULTS: A number of sleep apnea screening tools have been evaluated for its use in the pregnant population. These screening tools are less accurate in the pregnant population (Table 1). There is growing literature reporting the impact of OSA on adverse maternal and fetal complications. OSA in pregnancy is associated with greater risk of preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, pulmonary embolism, preterm birth, and unplanned caesarean sections. OSA in pregnancy is also associated with increased risk of fetal heart rate deceleration with maternal desaturations (SPO2 < 90%), lower Apgar score, low birth weights, still birth, small for gestational age and increased NICU admissions. Overall OSA is directly linked to an increase in maternal and fetal morbidity (Table 1). Treatment of OSA with CPAP in pregnancy has been shown to improve outcomes in a limited number of small studies. CONCLUSION: Further work is needed to detect and treat OSA in pregnancy to decrease the maternal and fetal outcomes.
Abstracts for the RACP Congress 2016, Evolve, Educate, Engage; The proceedings contain 31 papers. The topics discussed include: mandatory desexing of dogs in south Australia: the evidence for preventing dog bites; ethnic disparity in patients who are euthyroid following both surgery and radioactive iodine for Graves' disease; outcomes are superior in patients with acute stroke from New Zealand versus rest of world: data from the efficacy of nitric oxide in stroke (ENOS) trial; secondary depression and employer-employee communication following injury; characteristics of hip fracture patients with and without previous minimal trauma fractures: are we missing secondary prevention?; appropriateness of transthoracic echocardiogram referrals in acute general medical inpatients; underdosing of NOACs for AF: old habits die hard; heart failure after conventional large head metal-on-metal hip replacements in men; palliative care orders, ancillary disease burden and impact on hospital mortality coding statistics; the pro-inflammatory t cell phenotype in gestational diabetes and the postpartum period; the burden of diabetes on hospital services: impact on general internal medical inpatients at western health; how can we better manage functional gastrointestinal disease?; an Australian national prospective study of the incidence of juvenile onset recurrent respiratory papillomatosis; and acute kidney injury in hospitalised elderly medical patients: types, incidence, risk factors and relation to clinical outcomes.
Pregnancy Reveals Evolving Risk for Cardiometabolic Disease in Women; Pregnancy serves as a cardiometabolic stressor that may unmask underlying metabolic and vascular abnormalities in an evolving continuum of pathophysiology. In 2011, the American Heart Association indicated that a diagnosis of pre-eclampsia, gestational hypertension, or gestational diabetes classified a woman as at risk for cardiovascular disease. In this article, we discuss hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, and preterm birth as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women.
The importance of adding vitamin D status (25OHD) to the allostatic load index in reproductive aged women; Background: Allostatic load (AL) is an index of multi-system physiological “wear-and-tear,” operationalizing emergent chronic disease risk and predicting morbidity and mortality. AL has been proposed as an organizing framework for studying pregnancy outcomes; however, little data exists. A recent study showed that pregnancy complications were associated with higher AL in 2,448 mothers. Additional AL biomarkers for the study of pregnancy would be valuable. Objective(s): We hypothesized that including vitamin D deficiency (serum 25(OH) D< 20 ng/ml) in an AL index would better predict adverse pregnancy outcomes. Material/Methods: The Community Child Health Network (CCHN) is a community-based participatory research network (5 sites) that enrolled a large cohort of women at birth and followed them for two years with interviews, ultrasound, and biomarkers (10 AL components). A composite of five adverse pregnancy outcomes, abstracted from patient charts (birth weight, preterm birth, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes or hypertension), was created. Vitamin D status was measured 24-39 weeks postpartum in a sample of 123 women from the Los Angeles site. Results: 28% (34) experienced one or more of the five adverse outcomes. Vitamin D status was significantly, but not strongly, inversely correlated with 6 of the 10 AL biomarkers (Spearman's r= -0.16 to - 0.33, p < 0.05). Logistic regression results, controlling for maternal age and race, showed that high AL significantly predicted the composite outcome. Adding vitamin D status as an 11th component improved the prediction based on fit statistics (Delta (-2LogL) = 4.251, p = 0.034), and the Akaike Information Criterion was smaller (improved) with 25(OH) D as an added predictor. Conclusions: Results suggest that including 25(OH) D in the AL score is a valuable addition identifying postpartum women who might develop adverse pregnancy outcomes in the next pregnancy. Future work focuses on whether adding 25(OH) D to AL improves prediction of early risk for other specific conditions such as maternal cardiovascular disease.
Internal medicine (IM) versus obstetrics and gynecology (Ob/GYN) resident comfort in caring for women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease due to medical morbidity of pregnancy; Background: Women with prior gestational diabetes or pregnancy induced hypertension, including preeclampsia, eclampsia and HELLP Syndrome are at increased risk of future cardiovascular disease. Objective(s): Investigate the difference between IM versus OB/GYN resident's comfort in advising women with prior glycemic or hypertensive pregnancy complications of their future cardiovascular disease risk in order to evaluate the learning needs of women's health care providers. Material/Methods: An electronic, anonymous and voluntary survey was sent to 149 IM and 34 Ob/GYN residents at Barnes Jewish Hospital. Residents identified their best personal description (“not”, “somewhat”, “very” or “extremely”) regarding comfort in knowledge of preventive care guidelines for women with abnormal glycemic or hypertensive pregnancy disorders and advising these women of their associated future increased cardiovascular risk. They also identified their comfort in caring for non-pregnant adult women with 1) glycemic disorders or 2) hypertension without prior pregnancy complications. Residents identified their level and program of training following the survey. Results: Survey response rates were 59% (N=87) for IM and 76% (N=26) for OB/GYN. IM and OB/GYN trainees were respectively “very or extremely comfortable” (6% vs 55%) advising women with abnormal glycemic or hypertensive pregnancy disorders of their future increased cardiovascular risk. Resident comfort was static despite year of postgraduate training for this category of women. Conversely, IM and OBGYN residents respectively reported being “very or extremely comfortable” managing 1) hypertension (82% vs 4%) or 2) glycemic disorders (64% vs 8%). Resident comfort managing these risks increased with each year of training. Conclusions: OB/GYNs should collaborate with Internists regarding women at high risk of future cardiovascular disease due to prior glycemic or hypertensive pregnancy complications in order to optimize preventative cardiovascular care.
Participant feedback and iterative improvements to a mobile health program for postpartum women at elevated cardiometabolic risk; BACKGROUND: Certain pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes and preeclampsia, sound an early warning for future cardiometabolic disease, often before traditional risk factors manifest. Nearly one-third of postpartum women have a risk factor demonstrating elevated risk for cardiovascular disease or diabetes. Since women in the postpartum period are traditionally difficult to reach for face-to-face interventions, and smartphone use is highly prevalent among diverse socioeconomic groups of women of reproductive age, the use of mobile health (mHealth) is a novel, scalable approach to reach this population. Our objective was to develop and iteratively test an mHealth program designed to help postpartum women decrease their risk for cardiometabolic disease by enhancing weight loss via healthy eating and physical activity. METHODS: We developed the theory-based Fit After Baby program for overweight and obese postpartum women with recent gestational diabetes (GDM), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, pre-term birth, and/or a small-for-gestational age (SGA) delivery. We adapted the Diabetes Prevention Program to develop an mHealth program designed to increase postpartum weight loss, improve diet, and increase physical activity. The Fit After Baby program delivers daily evidence-based daily content, and facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and steps. The program has a behavioral science and health communication foundation and relies on common strategies for apps such as points, tracking, and rewards. Participants are encouraged to check in weekly with a lifestyle coach. We initially conducted one round of alpha-testing among women with young children, focused primarily on generating reaction to the concept of using an app and features planned to facilitate postpartum weight loss. We then conducted two rounds of beta-testing in postpartum women with the target pregnancy conditions, focused primarily on usability and navigability of the app. We analyzed feedback and implemented changes to the mobile app and program after each round before conducting subsequent rounds of testing. RESULTS: Five women completed alpha testing, and changes were made in response to feedback, including improving the process of downloading and getting started, improving navigation, and adding daily reminders to use the app. Four women completed round one and 13 women completed round two of beta-testing, with mean age 33 (SD 4.5) years; BMI 34 (SD 6.4) kg/m2, 94 % White and 6 % Asian. Participants had a recent pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia (41 %), pre-term delivery (35 %), gestational hypertension (29 %), gestational diabetes (29 %), and/or SGA delivery (12 %). We demonstrated an increase in participant satisfaction and in the number of interactions with the coach from round 1 to round 2. Data from these rounds and the main themes from participant feedback are presented in table 1. CONCLUSIONS: Through a process of iterative development and testing we were able to improve the mHealth Fit After Baby program in preparation for a larger randomized trial. (Table Presented).
Primary care providers' knowledge of screening and diagnosis of diabetes and prediabetes; BACKGROUND: One out of three adults (86 million) in the U.S. have prediabetes. Diagnosing prediabetes is an important step in diabetes prevention since 5 to 10 % of individuals with prediabetes will develop diabetes annually. However, evidence suggests that 9 out of 10 people with prediabetes are unaware of their diagnosis. Primary care providers play an essential role in initiating diabetes prevention interventions, but little is known about their knowledge of guidelines for screening for and diagnosing diabetes and prediabetes. METHODS: Primary care providers from a large academically-affiliated multispecialty group (which served 244,000 patients in 2015), completed a written, self-administered survey at their annual retreat in November 2015. Survey items on risk factors and laboratory parameters for the screening and diagnosis of diabetes and prediabetes were based on the American Diabetes Association's guidelines which have been consistent since 2010. We used logistic regression to evaluate the association between clinician characteristics (sex, race, years since training, clinic sessions/week) and knowledge of risk factors and diagnostic criteria for diabetes and prediabetes. RESULTS: Of 184 adult primary care provider attendees, 141 (77 %) completed the survey. Among the respondents, 99 % were physicians or nurse practitioners. Medicine specialties represented included internal medicine (43 %), family medicine (40 %), and internal medicine-pediatrics (15 %). The majority of providers were female (72 %), white (55 %; other races: Asian, 23 %, African American, 14 %) and in practice for at least 10 years (59%). Number of half-day clinic sessions varied with 16%reporting 5-6, 21% reporting 7-8, and 40 % reporting 9-10 per week. Only 6 % of providers correctly identified all the risk factors that should prompt screening for diabetes. The most commonly identified risk factors were family history of diabetes in a first-degree relative (94 %), overweight (89 %), history of gestational diabetes (87 %), dyslipidemia (86 %), hypertension (77 %), and history of heart disease (75 %). The least-commonly identified risk factors were Asian race (38 %) and Hispanic ethnicity (52 %). Roughly two-thirds of providers correctly identified the laboratory parameters for the diagnosis of diabetes using both fasting glucose (≥126 mg/dL) and hemoglobin A1c (≥6.5 %). Only 41%of providers correctly identified the laboratory parameters for the diagnosis of prediabetes based on fasting glucose (100-125 mg/dL), and even fewer providers (21 %) correctly identified prediabetes based on hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c 5.7-6.4 %). Each additional full day of clinic per week was associated with a 1.4- to 1.5-fold increased odds (for fasting blood glucose: OR = 1.35; 95%CI: 1.05 to 1.74; for HbA1c: OR = 1.47; 95%CI: 1.04 to 2.06) of correctly choosing the laboratory criteria for the diagnosis of prediabetes. We did not find a significant association between other clinician characteristics and knowledge of diagnostic criteria. CONCLUSIONS: Primary care providers from a large academically-affiliated multispecialty group demonstrated knowledge of most risk factors for diabetes, but knowledge of Asian race and Hispanic ethnicity as risk factors was low. Fewer than 70%of providers correctly identified the laboratory parameters for the diagnosis of diabetes. Knowledge of criteria for prediabetes was even lower (41 and 21 % for fasting glucose and HbA1c, respectively). These substantial gaps in knowledge of prediabetes, the high-risk state preceding diabetes, must be addressed if we are to impact the diabetes epidemic meaningfully in primary care.
The influence of phospholipids derived fatty acids to circulating non-esterified fatty acids; Objectives and study: The objective of this study was to explore the potential contributions of glycerophospholipid (GPL) and sphingomyelin (SM) fatty acids to the circulating non-esterified fatty acids (NEFA). NEFA are known to be associated with the development of insulin resistance and gestational diabetes, which is further known as a risk factor for increased fetal weight and later metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. A recent study found differences in the NEFA profile in women with history of gestational diabetes (postGDM) and healthy controls. Little is known about the NEFA sources in the postprandial state, which prevails most of the day. Methods: Thirty-nine women were studied in mean nine months after the delivery after they gave informed consent. Serum samples of 19 postGDM women and 20 controls were obtained in fasting state (t0) and 90 minutes (t90) after an oral glucose tolerance test. Serum samples of each participant were separated and stored at -80 °C. After sample preparation fatty acid composition of GPL was analyzed by gas chromatography. The fatty acid composition of NEFA and SM was analyzed with liquid chromatography coupled to triple quadrupole mass spectrometry. Results: PostGDM and controls differed significantly in their anthropomtric data, insulin and glucose levels at t0 and t90. NEFA 10:0 showed significant lower concentrations at t0 and t90 in postGDM (0.5 μmol/l in postGDM and 1.13 μmol/l in controls at t0 with p<0.0009; 0.04 μmol/l for postGDM and 0.09 μmol/l in controls with p<0.0009). The concentrations of all other measured individual fatty acids showed no differences between postGDM and controls in NEFA, GPL or SM. The ratio of individual NEFA at t90 vs. t0 increased with the chain-length (7% for C16:1, 82% for C26:3). At t90, long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids showed high correlations between NEFA and GPL in postGDM (r=0.889 for 20:5, r=0.704 for 22:4, r=0.868 for 22:5 and r=0.850 for 22:6) and in controls (r=0.642 for 20:3, r=0.647 for 20:4 and r=0.839 for 20:5). Very long-chain fatty acid 24:0 correlated significantly between NEFA and SM in postGDM and controls (r=0.528 and r=0.498 for 24:0, respectively). Saturated and monounsaturated as well as essential fatty acids correlated less between NEFA and GPL or SM. Conclusion: PostGDM and controls differed significantly in their clinical data. No differences were found between the two groups in the individual fatty acid concentrations in NEFA, GPL and SM, except NEFA 10:0 with a higher amount in postGDM at t0 and t90. The NEFA composition varied highly between fasting and fed state in postGDM and controls, presumably due to a high variance in the relative contribution of individual fatty acids from adipose tissues and from other sources. Longchain fatty acids seemed less influenced by glucose intake. An association was found for long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in GPL and NEFA and for very long-chain fatty acid 24:0 in SM and NEFA. GPL might therefore contribute long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids to the NEFA pool. SM might contribute very long-chain fatty acids to the NEFA pool.
Massive thrombus and cardiac arrest during elective caesarean section; Introduction: Perimortem caesarean section is an extremely uncommon event. We present a case of collapse and cardiac arrest in an elective patient for caesarean section (CS), an evolving disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC) and use of ultrasound assisted catheter directed thrombolysis to treat a massive saddle pulmonary embolism. Case report: A 33-year-old G2P1woman presented for elective CS. She had undergone a previous category 2 CS for macrosomia after failure to progress in labour. Her current pregnancy was uncomplicated. She had an uncomplicated spinal anaesthetic with a bilateral block to T3 tested with ice and light touch. She suddenly appeared distressed, rapidly lost consciousness and became bradycardiac (heart rate 30 beats/min). Anaesthesia was induced and a tracheal tube placed. Pulses were absent and cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) started for a PEA arrest. Perimortem caesarean section was undertaken. Two cycles of CPR lead to return of spontaneous circulation after 7 min. The ECG showed ST elevation. Echocardiography showed a mass in the right atrium. There was brisk vaginal bleeding with ROTEM confirming DIC. Blood was given and the massive transfusion protocol activated. A decision was made to place a B Lynch suture. Resuscitation continued with blood products. At the end of surgery bleeding had slowed significantly. On arrival to ICU her hameoglobin was 5 g/dL and further brisk bleeding briskly required transferred to theatre where an uncomplicated hysterectomy was performed. On return to ICU she was stable. Next morning a CT pulmonary angiogram (CTPA) showed a massive saddle embolism. Echocardiography showed high right-sided ventricular pressure. A decision was made to use ultrasound-guided catheter directed thrombolysis. She was transferred to cardiology and a catheter placed next to the embolism. Alteplase was run over a 24-h period. intravenous unfractionated heparin was run aiming for APTR of 1.5. Repeat echocardiography showed normal right-sided pressures and CTPA showed reduction in clot burden. Low-molecular weight heparin was converted to warfarin. She was extubated and discharged 11 days later neurologically intact with a healthy baby girl. Discussion: MBRRACE-UK has shown that thrombosis is the leading cause of direct maternal death (33%). 1 The sudden collapse meant the initial diagnosis was problematic with multiple differentials . Rapid access to on -table echocardiography was invaluable. DIC evolved rapidly and has been demonstrated in previous perimortem caesarean sections. The SEATTLE II study showed that placing a catheter next to a thrombus in massive and sub -massive pulmonary embolism, allowed small doses of a thrombolytic agent to be targeted directly at the clot reducing the risk of an intracranial bleed. References P87 Massive thrombus and cardiac arrest during elective caesarean section.
Peptidome profiling of umbilical cord plasma associated with gestational diabetes-induced fetal macrosomia; Fetal macrosomia, defined as a birth weight ≥. 4000 g, may affect 15-45% of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The associations between endogenous peptides and gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia have not been investigated extensively by peptidome analysis. Here, we analyzed the umbilical cord plasma by combining ultrafiltration using molecular weight cut-off filters and liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) to investigate potential associations of GDM with macrosomia. As macrosomic babies have increased susceptibility to obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in later life, we also aimed to identify specific biomarkers to detect these future diseases. Thirty pairs of GDM mothers and controls were randomly divided into three subgroups. We identified 235 peptides of around 1000-3000 Da, originating from 115 proteins. Analyzing the cleavage sites revealed that these peptides were cleaved in regulation, which may reflect the protease activity and distribution in umbilical cord plasma. Four identified peptides, of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7 Da, were significantly differentially expressed in the GDM macrosomia groups compared with controls, whose precursors may play a critical role in developing GDM macrosomia. We provide for the first time a validated GDM macrosomia peptidome profile and identify potential biomarkers linking the effects of macrosomia to later-life diseases. Biological significance: Fetal macrosomia is the predominant adverse outcome of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), which is a frequent medical condition during pregnancy. Till now, the detailed molecular mechanisms underlying gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia are still not elucidated. With high detection sensitivity and high throughput of peptidome technology, it is now possible to systemically identify peptides possibly involved in the umbilical cord plasma of GDM induced macrosomia cases. With LC-MS/MS based quantification, totally, we identified 235 peptides originated from 115 precursor proteins. And four peptides of 2471.7, 1077.2, 1446.5 and 2372.7 Da differentially expressed between GDM cases and compared controls. A precursor protein of 1077.2 Da was fibrinogen alpha chain (FGA), which was also identified in the Ai et al. [29] study with a downregulated manner in the serum samples of GDM cases. And further analysis the cleavage pattern of the identified peptides revealed that the enzymes in tissues cleaved the protein according to their rules. Thus, this quantitative peptidome approach can identify related peptides that may play a role in the gestational diabetes-induced macrosomia, and give candidate biomarkers contributing to the development of later-life diseases in macrosomic babies.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Clinical perspectives; Cardiovascular disease continues to be the leading cause of death among women in the United States, accounting for ≈1 of every 3 female deaths. Sex-specific data focused on cardiovascular disease have been increasing steadily, yet is not routinely collected nor translated into practice. This comprehensive review focuses on novel and unique aspects of cardiovascular health in women and sex differences as they relate to clinical practice in the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of cardiovascular disease. This review also provides current approaches to the evaluation and treatment of acute coronary syndromes that are more prevalent in women, including myocardial infarction associated with nonobstructive coronary arteries, spontaneous coronary artery dissection, and stress-induced cardiomyopathy (Takotsubo Syndrome). Other cardiovascular disease entities with higher prevalence or unique considerations in women, such as heart failure with preserved ejection fraction, peripheral arterial disease, and abdominal aortic aneurysms, are also briefly reviewed. Finally, recommendations for cardiac rehabilitation are addressed.
Improvements in prenatal obstetrical screening have dramatically enhanced detection rates of fetal D-transposition of the great arteries in the province of Alberta; Background: Simple D-transposition of great arteries (D-TGA) with or without a ventricular septal defect (VSD) is one of the most common critical neonatal heart defects. Although its prenatal detection can significantly improve neonatal outcomes, D-TGA has historically been one of the more difficult lesions to detect before birth in most centers. This has been largely due to lack of associated fetal extracardiac pathology and the usual presence of a normal four chamber view, a routinely assessed image in obstetrical screening. Recent obstetrical screening guidelines have emphasized the importance of assessing ventricular outflow tracts and great arteries. How this has impacted prenatal detection rates in D-TGA is not known. In the present study we sought to evaluate trends in prenatal detection rates of simple D-TGA in Alberta over the past 13 years. Methods: We identified all fetuses and neonates with simple D-TGA with or without a VSD encountered between 2003 and 2015 in the province of Alberta. Patients with more complex DTGA were excluded. Prenatal and postnatal echocardiograms and clinical records were reviewed. Results: Over the study period, 138 fetuses and infants were encountered with simple DTGA, including 49 (35.5%) with prenatal detection at a mean of 21.1±3.2(SD) weeks of gestation. Of the 49 with prenatal diagnosis, indication for fetal echocardiography was clearly documented in 47 and included: finding of an abnormal outflow on routine fetal anatomy scan in 44 (including 3 with maternal diabetes and 1 with maternal DTGA, only 1/44 with an abnormal 4 chamber view), and 3 in which either the heart (n=2, 1 with diabetes) or the outflow tracts (n=1) were not well seen. Only 1 of the 49 had a major extracardiac defect identified prenatally (severe bilateral ventriculomegaly). Forty-three were in pregnancies without a risk factor for fetal heart disease. Improved prenatal detection was noted over the study period with a detection rate of 11% (4/44) from 2003-2007, 18% (6/33) from 2008-2011 and 64% (39/61) for 2012-2015. Conclusions: Substantial Improvement in prenatal detection of D-TGA observed in Alberta has likely occurred due to improved prenatal screening of cardiac outflows.
Candidate SNP markers of gender-biased autoimmune complications of monogenic diseases are predicted by a significant change in the affinity of TATA-binding protein for human gene promoters; Some variations of human genome [for example, single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs)] are markers of hereditary diseases and drug responses. Analysis of them can help to improve treatment. Computer-based analysis of millions of SNPs in the 1000 Genomes project makes a search for SNP markers more targeted. Here, we combined two computer-based approaches: DNA sequence analysis and keyword search in databases. In the binding sites for TATA-binding protein (TBP) in human gene promoters, we found candidate SNP markers of gender-biased autoimmune diseases, including rs1143627 [cachexia in rheumatoid arthritis (double prevalence among women)]; rs11557611 [demyelinating diseases (thrice more prevalent among young white women than among non-white individuals)]; rs17231520 and rs569033466 [both: Atherosclerosis comorbid with related diseases (double prevalence among women)]; rs563763767 [Hughes syndrome-related thrombosis (lethal during pregnancy)]; rs2814778 [autoimmune diseases (excluding multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis) underlying hypergammaglobulinemia in women]; rs72661131 and rs562962093 (both: Preterm delivery in pregnant diabetic women); and rs35518301, rs34166473, rs34500389, rs33981098, rs33980857, rs397509430, rs34598529, rs33931746, rs281864525, and rs63750953 (all: Autoimmune diseases underlying hypergammaglobulinemia in women). Validation of these predicted candidate SNP markers using the clinical standards may advance personalized medicine.
Prenatal Diagnosis of Renal Vein Thrombosis: A Case Report and Literature Review; Background: Renal vein thrombosis (RVT) is a well-characterized condition among neonates; however, this complication is rarely diagnosed prenatally. Methods: In this report, we describe a fetus with unilateral RVT and summarize the literature regarding prenatal diagnostic criteria and postnatal prognosis. We searched the English, French and Spanish literature (MEDLINE, PubMed and EMBASE) for cases with prenatal diagnosis of RVT. Results: Including our case, a total of 23 fetuses with fetal RVT were reviewed in the present study. All cases were diagnosed in the third trimester, and the survival rate among these cases was 63%. Enlargement of the kidney was the most commonly associated initial ultrasound finding. The only ultrasound finding significantly associated with mortality was the presence of bilateral RVT. Discussion: The etiology of fetal RVT is still unclear. Considering the large number of cases with RVT that manifest in the first days of life, prenatal diagnosis of this condition has relevance.
(Epi)genotype-phenotype correlations in Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome: A paradigm for genomic medicine; Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is the commonest overgrowth cancer predisposition disorder and represents a model for human imprinting dysregulation and tumorigenesis. BWS features can variably combine and present a widely variable range of severity in the phenotypic expression. This wide spectrum is paralleled at molecular level by complex (epi)genetic defects on chromosome 11p15.5 leading to disrupted expression of imprinted genes controlling growth and cellular proliferation. In this review, we outline the spectrum of clinical manifestations of BWS analyzing their (epi)genotype-phenotype correlations. The differences observed in the phenotypic profiles of BWS molecular subtypes allow a composite view of this syndrome with implications on clinical care, diagnosis, follow-up, and management, and provide directions for future disease monitoring.
Hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy increase risk for incident prehypertension and hypertension in the year after delivery; Background: Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, including preeclampsia/eclampsia (PE/E) are associated with long-term cardiovascular disease risk. However, little is known about the effect of these conditions on risk for prehypertension (preHTN) or hypertension (HTN) in the early years after delivery. Methods: The cohort consisted of women who had prenatal care and delivered a live singleton neonate at Kaiser Permanente Bellflower Medical Center in 2005-2010. Women with prepregnancy HTN or preHTN were excluded from analysis. Multivariable robust Poisson regression models were used to assess associations between any hypertensive disorder or PE/E and development of preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery, adjusted for maternal age, race/ethnicity, parity, smoking, prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, and gestational age. Results: Among 5960 women who were normotensive prior to pregnancy, 358 (6.0%) developed a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy, of whom 215 (60.1%) had PE/E. Overall, 63 (1.1%) developed HTN and 902 (15.1%) preHTN in the year after delivery. After accounting for all potential confounders, women with a hypertensive disorder in pregnancy and those with PE/E were 2.36 (95% confidence interval: 1.97-2.83) and 2.48 (95% confidence interval: 1.99-3.11) times as likely, respectively, to develop preHTN/HTN in the year after delivery as those without pregnancy-related HTN. Results were similar with and without adjustment for gestational diabetes. Conclusion: Our findings highlight the need for prospective studies aimed at determining whether early postpartum screening and improved follow-up of women with hypertensive disorders first identified in pregnancy may prevent future cardiovascular disease.
Impact of Systemic Inflammation on the Progression of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; With increasing rates of obesity and new diagnostic criteria for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), the overall prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide. Women with GDM have an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy as well as long-term risks including higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. In recent years, the role of immune activation and inflammation in the pathogenesis of GDM has gained increasing attention. This monograph explores the current state of the literature as regards the expression of markers of inflammation in the maternal circulation, placenta, and adipose tissue of women with GDM.
Idiopathic polyhydramnios: Persistence across gestation and impact on pregnancy outcomes; Purpose To investigate the likelihood of resolution of idiopathic polyhydramnios in pregnant women and compare outcomes between resolved and persistent cases. Methods One hundred and sixty-three women with idiopathic polyhydramnios who delivered at two medical centers during a 3 year period (January 2012-January 2015) were included in the study. Exclusion criteria included congenital fetal anomalies, maternal diabetes, isoimmunization, fetal infection, placental tumors or anomalies, and multiple gestation. Polyhydramnios was defined as SDP ≥ 8 cm or AFI ≥ 24 cm. Resolved cases were defined as those with AFI and/or SDP falling and remaining below 24 cm and 8 cm respectively. Pregnancy outcomes were compared between resolved and persistent cases. Two-sample t-test or Wilcoxon rank-sum test was used for continuous variables while chi-square test or Fisher's exact test was used for categorical measures. Results Resolution was noted in 61 of 163 (37%) patients. There were no differences in maternal age, gravidity or parity between resolved and persistent cases. Mean gestational age at diagnosis of polyhydramnios and overall mean AFI were significantly lower in the cases that resolved (29.7 ± 4.5 weeks vs 33.4 ± 4.1 weeks, p < 0.0001; 23.3 ± 3.5 cm vs 25.8 23.3 ± 4.0 cm, p = 0.0002). Similar to AFI measurements, mean SDP was also lower in cases with resolution (p = 0.002). There was no difference in induction rates, mode of delivery, amnioinfusion rates, meconium staining of amniotic fluid and fetal heart rate abnormalities influencing intrapartum management between the two groups. Induction of labor for fetal indication and rupture of membranes were significantly more common in the persistent group. Cesarean delivery for abnormal lie and fetal distress did not differ between the groups. There was an increased risk of macrosomia (>4000 g) and preterm delivery (<37 weeks) in the persistent group (p < 0.05). Conclusions Resolution rate was approximately 37% and more likely in cases diagnosed earlier in pregnancy and with lower mean amniotic fluid volume. Preterm delivery and macrosomia were more common in cases that persisted across gestation.
Birth outcomes by infertility treatment: Analyses of the population-based cohort: Massachusetts outcomes study of assisted reproductive technologies (MOSART); OBJECTIVE: To evaluate pregnancy and birth outcomes by type of infertility treatment received. STUDY DESIGN: Assisted reproductive technology (ART) data on women who were both treated and gave birth in Massachusetts were linked to vital records and hospital data. Singleton and twin live births were categorized by ART treatment parameters. Risks for adverse outcomes (pregnancyinduced hypertension [PIH], gestational diabetes [GDM], primary cesarean [CS], prematurity [PTB], low birthweight [LBW], small for gestational age [SGA], large for gestational age [LGA], and birth defects [BD]) were modeled using logistic regression (adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals), adjusted for parental and treatment factors. GDM and PIH were additionally modeled as adverse outcomes. RESULTS: Among the 8,948 pregnancies, risks were significantly higher among twins (PIH 2.58, GDM 1.30, CS 5.83, PTB 11.84, LBW 10.68, SGA 2.17, BD 2.54), donor oocytes (PIH 1.87, CS 1.43, PTB 1.43), ICSI (SGA 1.20), and the presence of > 1 fetal heartbeat at 6 weeks’ gestation (2 fetal heartbeats: PTB 1.49, LBW 1.57; 3 fetal heartbeats: PTB 2.07, LBW 2.30, SGA 2.04). Thawed embryos were associated with a higher risk for PIH (1.30) but lower risks for LBW (0.79) and SGA (0.38). GDM was associated with increased risks for CS (1.22), LGA (1.40), and BD (1.50); PIH was associated with risks for CS (1.86), PTB (2.70), and LBW (1.83). CONCLUSION: Plurality is the predominant ART treatment risk factor associated with substantial excess morbidity for both mother and infants.
Epilepsy Following Neonatal Seizures Secondary to Hemorrhagic Stroke in Term Neonates; Intracranial hemorrhage accounts for about 50% of all pediatric stroke. Studies of term infants with intracranial hemorrhage have shown favorable motor and cognitive outcome. The goal of this study was to examine the risk of developing epilepsy in full-term infants with intracranial hemorrhage. A retrospective study was performed of term neonates (greater than or equal to 37 weeks gestation) with intracranial hemorrhage and confirmed seizures. Fifteen patients with intracranial hemorrhage and neonatal seizures were identified. Four patients did not have follow-up information beyond the neonatal period (1 death, 3 lost to follow-up after initial clinic visit). The average follow-up period for the remaining 11 patients was approximately 22 months. Ten out of the 11 patients (91%) who were followed were seizure-free and off antiepileptic medications. One patient required a ventriculoperitoneal shunt and subsequently developed infantile spasms. The authors found that overall outcome was favorable with respect to development of epilepsy.
A history of preeclampsia is associated with a risk for coronary artery calcification 3 decades later; Background A history of preeclampsia is an independent risk factor for cardiac events and stroke. Changes in vasculature structure that contribute to these associations are not well understood. Objective The aim of this study was to quantify coronary artery calcification (CAC), a known risk factor for cardiac events, in a prospective cohort of women with and without histories of preeclampsia. Study Design Women without prior cardiovascular events (40 with and 40 without histories of preeclampsia, matched for parity and age at index birth) were recruited from a large population-based cohort of women who were residents of Olmsted County, Minnesota, and who delivered from 1976 through 1982. Computed tomography was performed to measure CAC in Agatston units. All pregnancy histories and covariates were confirmed by review of the medical records. Current clinical variables were assessed at the time of imaging. Differences between women with and without histories of preeclampsia were examined using χ2 tests and tests; CAC, in particular, was compared as a categorical and ordinal variable, with a χ2 test and with Wilcoxon 2-sample tests and ordinal logistic regression, as appropriate. Results Mean age (SD) at imaging was 59.5 (±4.6) years. Systolic and diastolic blood pressures, hyperlipidemia, and current diabetes status did not differ between women with and without histories of preeclampsia. However, the frequencies of having a current clinical diagnosis of hypertension (60% vs 20%, P <.001) and higher body mass index in kg/m2 (expressed as median [25th-75th percentile], 29.8 [25.9-33.7] vs 25.3 [23.1-32.0], P =.023) were both greater in the women with histories of preeclampsia compared to those without. The frequency of a CAC score >50 Agatston units was also greater in the preeclampsia group (23% vs 0%, P =.001). Compared to women without preeclampsia, the odds of having a higher CAC score was 3.54 (confidence interval [CI], 1.39-9.02) times greater in women with prior preeclampsia without adjustment, and 2.61 (CI, 0.95-7.14) times greater after adjustment for current hypertension. After adjustment for body mass index alone, the odds of having a higher CAC based on a history of preeclampsia remained significant at 3.20 (CI, 1.21-8.49). Conclusion In this first prospective cohort study with confirmation of preeclampsia by medical record review, a history of preeclampsia is associated with an increased risk of CAC >30 years after affected pregnancies, even after controlling individually for traditional risk factors. A history of preeclampsia should be considered in risk assessment when initiating primary prevention strategies to reduce cardiovascular disease in women. Among women with histories of preeclampsia, the presence of CAC may be able to identify those at a particularly high cardiovascular risk, and should be the subject of future studies.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher relative risk for vascular disease. Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Diabetic women also feature sexual dysfunctions much more frequently than non-diabetic women which should be addressed in clinical care. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account.
Identification of consensus motifs associated with mitotic recombination and clinical characteristics in patients with paternal uniparental isodisomy of chromosome 11; Uniparental disomy (UPD) is defined as the inheritance of both homologs of a given genomic region from only one parent. The majority of UPD includes an entire chromosome. However, the extent of UPD is sometimes limited to a subchromosomal region (segmental UPD). Mosaic paternal UPD (pUPD) of chromosome 11 is found in approximately 20% of patients with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) and almost all pUPDs are segmental isodisomic pUPDs resulting from mitotic recombination at an early embryonic stage. A mechanism initiating a DNA double strand break (DSB) within 11p has been predicted to lead to segmental pUPD. However, no consensus motif has yet been found. Here,we analyzed 32 BWS patients with pUPD by SNP array and searched for consensus motifs. We identified four consensus motifs frequently appearing within breakpoint regions of segmental pUPD. These motifswere found in another nineBWSpatients with pUPD. In addition, the seven motifs found in meiotic recombination hot spots could not be found within pUPD breakpoint regions. Histone H3 lysine 4 trimethylation, a marker of DSB initiation, could not be found either. These findings suggest that the mechanism(s) of mitotic recombination leading to segmental pUPD are different from that of meiotic recombination. Furthermore, we found seven patients with paternal uniparental diploidy (PUD) mosaicism. Comparison of clinical features between segmental pUPDs and PUDs showed that developmental disability and cardiac abnormalities were additional characteristic features of PUD mosaicism, along with high risk of tumor development. We also found thatmacroglossiawas characteristic of segmental pUPD mosaicism.
Protective effects of the mediterranean diet on type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome; Several studies provide evidence supporting a beneficial effect from the traditionalMediterranean diet (MedDiet) on the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic syndrome (MetS). This review summarizes the current scientific evidence from epidemiologic studies and clinical trials on the relation between the MedDiet and T2DM and MetS and the possible mechanisms underlying the reported associations. A recent meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies showed that greater adherence to the MedDietwas associated with a significant reduction in the risk of diabetes. The MedDiet has also been found to be beneficial in the prevention of gestational diabetes. Four large prospective studies have observed inverse associations between the MedDiet and MetS or its components. Few randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have evaluated the effect of th eMedDiet on T2DM and MetS. Results from the landmark PREvención con DIeta MEDiterránea (PREDIMED) nutrition intervention trial showed that participants assigned to the MedDiet had a significant30%reduction in the risk ofT2DMand that it also promoted the reversion of MetS and its components, hyperglycemia and central obesity. In addition, 5 RCTs showed the beneficial effects of the MedDiet comparedwith other dietary patterns on glycemic control in patients with T2DM. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs revealed that, compared with a variety of control diets, the MedDiet was associated with beneficial effects on all MetS components. Bioactive components of the MedDiet synergize to affect variousmetabolic pathways, leading to a reduced cardiometabolic disease risk. The abundance of healthy, nutrient-dense foods thatmakeup the plant-basedMedDiet predicts its bioactivity and potential to beneficially influence metabolic pathwaysthat lead to MetS and T2DM, aswell asother chronicconditions.Abundantepidemiologic andclinical trial evidence supports the role of the MedDiet on the prevention and management of T2DM and MetS.
Risk factors of different congenital heart defects in Guangdong, China; Background:Limited studies have evaluated the risk factors for congenital heart defects (CHDs) in China and compared them for different types of CHDs. This study examined risk factors between isolated and multiple CHDs as well as among CHDs subtypes in Guangdong, Southern China. Methods:This population-based case-control study included 4,034 pairs of case and control infants enrolled in the Guangdong Registry of CHD study, 2004-2013. Multivariate logistic regression was used to compute adjusted odds ratios (ORs) while simultaneously controlling for confounders. Results:Multiple maternal environmental exposures, including living in newly renovated rooms, residential proximity to main traffic, paternal smoking, and maternal occupation as manual worker, were significantly associated with CHDs with ORs ranging 1.30-9.43. Maternal perinatal diseases (including maternal fever, diabetes, influenza, and threatened abortion), maternal medication use (antibiotic use), advanced maternal age, low socioeconomic status, and paternal alcohol intake were also significantly associated with CHDs, with ORs ranging 1.60-3.96. Isolated CHDs and multiple defects have different profiles of risk factors, while subtype of CHD shares common risk factors. Conclusion:These results suggest that maternal environmental exposures/occupation and perinatal diseases/medication use were dominant risk factors associated with CHDs in Southern China. Isolated and multiple CHDs may have different etiologic factors.
Pregnancy outcomes among renal transplant recipients and patients with end-stage renal disease on dialysis; Aim: The purpose of our study is to compare pregnancy outcomes between women with a functioning renal transplant and women with end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Methods: We carried out a population-based retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2006 to 2011. Logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the age-adjusted effect of functioning renal transplant vs. ESRD requiring dialysis on pregnancy outcomes. Results: We identified 264 birth records to women with a functional renal transplant and 267 birth records to women with ESRD on dialysis among 5,245,452 births. As compared to women with ESRD on dialysis, renal transplant recipients were less likely to have placental abruption [odds ratio, OR 0.23 (95% confidence interval, CI 0.08-0.70)], to receive blood transfusions [OR 0.17 (95% CI 0.09-0.30)], and to have growth-restricted and small-for-gestational-age babies [OR 0.45 (95% CI 0.23-0.85)]. Renal transplant recipients were more likely to have an instrumental delivery [OR 15.38 (95% CI 1.92-123.3)]. Among renal transplant women, there was a trend towards delivery by cesarean section as compared to patients with ESRD [OR 1.31 (95% CI 0.93-1.85)]. However, these results were not statistically significant. Fetal deaths were less likely to occur in women with a renal transplant [OR 0.41 (95% CI 0.17-0.96)]. There were four maternal deaths among patients with ESRD on dialysis and no maternal deaths among renal transplant patients. Conclusion: Patients with a functional renal graft had an overall lower rate of morbidity and adverse pregnancy complications when compared to patients with ESRD on dialysis.
Pregnancy at 65, risks and complications; A 65-year-old postmenopausal pregnant woman was referred with antepartum hemorrhage at 29 weeks of gestation. Postadmission diagnosed with chronic hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, valvular heart disease, and placenta previa. Her pregnancy was terminated by cesarean delivery at 32 weeks as she had a bout of bleeding per vaginum. Most of the placenta was adherent with no plane of cleavage; therefore, cesarean hysterectomy was performed. Baby birth weight was 1650 g and was shifted to nursery for observation and mother needed Intensive Care Unit care postcesarean. On the 15th day, both healthy mother and baby were discharged. Although pregnancy is possible in postmenopausal women with hormone support but the incidence of complications remain very high. It raises a need for developing well-laid guidelines for performing in vitro fertilization in older age group women.
Genetic and Dietary Regulation of Glyburide Efflux by the Human Placental Breast Cancer Resistance Protein Transporter; Glyburide is frequently used to treat gestational diabetes owing to its low fetal accumulation resulting from placental efflux by the breast cancer resistance protein (BCRP)/ABCG2 transporter. Here we sought to determine how exposure to the dietary phytoestrogen genistein and expression of a loss-of-function polymorphism in the ABCG2 gene (C421A) impacted the transport of glyburide by BCRP using stably transfected human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK) cells, human placental choriocarcinoma BeWo cells, and human placental explants. Genistein competitively inhibited the BCRP-mediated transport of (3)H-glyburide in both wild-type (WT) and C421A-BCRP HEK-expressing cells, with greater accumulation of (3)H-glyburide in cells expressing the C421A variant. In BeWo cells, exposure to genistein for 60 minutes increased the accumulation of (3)H-glyburide 30%-70% at concentrations relevant to dietary exposure (IC50 ∼180 nM). Continuous exposure of BeWo cells to genistein for 48 hours reduced the expression of BCRP mRNA and protein by up to 40%, which impaired BCRP transport activity. Pharmacologic antagonism of the estrogen receptor attenuated the genistein-mediated downregulation of BCRP expression, suggesting that phytoestrogens may reduce BCRP levels through this hormone receptor pathway in BeWo cells. Interestingly, genistein treatment for 48 hours did not alter BCRP protein expression in explants dissected from healthy term placentas. These data suggest that whereas genistein can act as a competitive inhibitor of BCRP-mediated transport, its ability to downregulate placental BCRP expression may only occur in choriocarcinoma cells. Overall, this research provides important mechanistic data regarding how the environment (dietary genistein) and a frequent genetic variant (ABCG2, C421A) may alter the maternal-fetal disposition of glyburide.
Angelman syndrome caused by a paternal uniparental disomy (UPD) 15 in a 2-year-old boy of a mother with a robertsonian translocation 14;15; Background: Angelman syndrome is due to deficient expression or function of the maternally inherited UBE3A allele. Molecular genetic testing (methylation analysis and UBE3A sequence analysis) identifies alterations in ∼90% of individuals: deletions, uniparental disomy, imprinting defects or UBE3A mutations. We report here on a boy with Angelman syndrome and a paternal UPD15 due to a Robertsonian translocation in the mother. Case Report: The boy was born at term after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (weight 3,190 g (34th PCTL), length 50 cm (26th PCTL), head circumference 34.5 cm (33rd PCTL)) but suffered from hypoglycemia and aspiration pneumonia. At the age of 2, he was able to pull himself up and walk with support. Neurological examination showed divergent strabismus, truncal and gait ataxia, hypotonia, hypersalivation, lack of speech, and a secondary microcephaly (46 cm [<1st PCTL]); thus, Angelman syndrome was suspected. Accordingly, the awake EEG displayed intermittent 2-3/s waves with large amplitudes, especially after eye closure, the MRI scan revealed delayed myelination. The mother mentioned having been diagnosed with a Robertsonian translocation 14;15 after several miscarriages in the 1990s. Due to the combination of clinical signs and maternal findings, an MLPA analysis was performed showing an abnormal methylation pattern which confirmed the tentative diagnosis of Angelman syndrome in this boy. A microsatellite analysis validated our hypothesis of paternal uniparental disomy 15. Conclusion: A maternal Robertsonian translocation is a rare predisposing factor for Angelman syndrome which can lead to a maternal gamete nullisomic for chromosome 15 with subsequent postzygotic correction to paternal disomy.
Maternal and fetal outcomes of lupus pregnancies among filipino patients in a tertiary hospital; Aim: This article aims to review the maternal and fetal outcomes of all lupus pregnancies seen in University of Santo Tomas (UST) Hospital. The patients' general profile, co-morbidities and pregnancy course, as well as the clinical profile of the babies and their co-morbidities were also reviewed. Methods: Data were retrospectively reviewed from the SLE database of the UST Hospital Section of Rheumatology, Clinical Immunology and Osteoporosis. The medical records of these patients were used as references. Results: There were 97 patients with 175 pregnancies occurring during the course of the disease. The mean age in years at SLE diagnosis was 26.0 (+/- 5.19) while the mean age in years at pregnancy was 28.0 (+/- 5.19). Majority delivered via normal spontaneous delivery (34.86%) with 107 (88.43%) infants having normal birth weights. Pre-pregnancy co-morbidities included chronic hypertension (N = 22, 12.57%), lupus nephritis (N = 19, 10.86%), tuberculosis (N = 12, 6.86%), cerebrovascular accident (N = 2, 1.14%) and myoma uteri (N = 1, 0.57%). During pregnancy, maternal complications were pre-eclampsia (N = 13, 7.43%), infections (N = 11, 6.28%), gestational diabetes (N = 6, 3.43%), hyperthyroidism (N = 3, 1.71%) and one occurrence each of pericarditis, dilated cardiomyopathy, pulmonary embolism and endometriosis. Postpregnancy complications included one occurrence each of pericardial effusion, retinal rupture, dilated cardiomyopathy, postpartum depression, hypertensive retinopathy, Hashimoto thyroiditis and atrial septal defect. Among the pregnancy outcomes, term deliveries were recorded in 96 (54.86%) patients while 25 (14.28%) had pre-term deliveries. There were 54 (30.85%) nonviable pregnancies including intrauterine fetal demise (N = 5, 2.86%), miscarriages (N = 43, 24.57%) and blighted ovum (N = 6, 3.43%). Congenital diseases recorded after delivery included congenital heart block (N = 2), and one occurrence each of meningocoele, thyroid abnormality, G6PD, neonatal lupus, autism, physiologic jaundice and neonatal sepsis. Conclusion: Although successful outcomes occur in most SLE pregnancies, miscarriages, preterm deliveries, blighted ovum and IUFD remain a concern, requiring close monitoring and effective multi-specialty team approach.
A 10-year retrospective study with dose-dependent statin therapy and association of new onset diabetes; BACKGROUND: HydroxyMethyl Glutaryl Coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) Reductase Inhibitors (statins) are widely prescribed drugs due to established benefits as a preventative measure in patients at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Due to its long-term safety profile, statins have been regularly discussed as an option to be purchased over-the-counter without a prescription. Although statin therapy is well tolerated, recently published prospective and retrospective clinical trials have suggested an association between the use of statins and subsequent development of diabetes mellitus. However, a longitudinal study to further validate the finding has yet to be published. OBJECTIVE: To describe the relationship between statin use and development of new-onset of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) within Kaiser Permanente (KP), an integrated healthcare system, in Southern California over a ten year period between 2000 and 2010. In addition, we will evaluate new onset diabetes as it relates to statin dose intensity. METHODS: A retrospective cohort analysis has been conducted for 116,442 patients in Kaiser Permanente in Southern California, who met the following criteria from January, 2000 to December, 2010: (1) Statin naïve prior to January, 2000 (2) Age at initiation of statin therapy is between 18 and 100 years old (3) Statin use from 2000 to 2010 (4) Continuous membership without coverage loss (5) No history of diabetes prior to initiation of statin therapy (6) No history of gestational diabetes (7) Classify Statin dosing based on equivalent potency to simvastatin as Low, Moderate, Intensive (8) Exclusion criteria: [a] Prior diagnose of diabetes or Hemoglobin A1c > 6.5% [b] Deceased during study time frame [c] History of pregnancy during the study time frame. RESULTS: The overall incidence of new onset diabetes in the nonstatin cohort was 5.6% while that in the statin cohort was 8.5%. Incidence of DM by dose category was Low: 8.8%, Moderate: 8.1%, Intense 6.6% (P = 0.1863). CONCLUSIONS: We found that there was no significant difference in incidence of new onset diabetes between the statin and non-statin cohorts. Moreover, there was no significant difference in incidence of new onset diabetes between groups on different dosing levels of satins. Although previous studies may suggest the higher incidence of newonset of diabetes with statin therapy, one of the primary treatment goals is still to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Selection of an individualized therapy based on benefit versus risk should be paramount.
Clinical presentation, management and outcomes of influenza in Africa: Systematic review, 2009-2014; Background: This paper aims to review the effectiveness of diagnostic and management of influenza in Africa, specifically mortality, treatment and outcomes. Methods & Materials: In two times, we searched the online databases PubMed™ and Scopus™ for articles and abstracts published in English and French between January 2003 and December 2014, with the following terms :(influenza OR flu) AND (clinical) AND(management OR outcomes)AND(Africa) at the first time, and online databases of internationals conferences for the abstract who do not meet the consent of the editor of scientific journals at the second time. Cross- sectional, longitudinal studies and randomized clinical trial on influenza were selected when clinical, management and outcomes were reported. Results: Patients with influenza were more likely to present with fever as initial and main symptom, followed by shortness of breathing, cough, muscle & joint pain, sore throat, hemoptysis, dyspnea, and gastrointestinal complaints (vomiting and diarrhea), pneumonic infiltrations in the chest. For the diagnostic nasal secretions were collected in patients presenting with flu syndrome and follow-up by laboratory identification of viruses was performed by the ELISA technique using anti-A and anti-B monoclonal antibodies (immunocapture) and by isolation on MDCK cells, quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) assay of the upper respiratory tract is used increasingly to diagnose lower respiratory tract infections. Amongst samples analyzed for influenza; 1-45% had laboratory-confirmed influenza infections; including influenza virus A (H3N2) type, A (H1N1) type, A (H5N1) type and influenza virus B. All confirmed cases received oseltamivir in any setting. Among groups known to be at high risk of influenz-aassociated complications, Included age<5 years, asthma, cardiac disease, pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, active pulmonary tuberculosis and chronic malnutrition. Mortality rate was 28 - 68.4%. Female sex, age>15 years, and receiving the first dose of oseltamivir>2 days after illness onset, non vaccination against the virus the circulating influenza, cardiovascular complications and ventilatory associated pneumonia were identified as mortality predicting factors. Conclusion: The classic presentation of influenza in Africa is most often confused with malaria, low technical platforms limit the detection of virus in the samples. The progressive creation of influenza sentinel surveillance system will improve care in Africa.
Maternal hyperleptinemia increases arterial stiffening and alters vasodilatoy responses to insulin in adult male mice offspring; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the number one cause of death in the U.S., and exposure to adverse maternal environments has been associated with the development of CVD including hypertension. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is an adverse maternal environment that has been associated with metabolic and CVD outcomes in the offspring. Key features of GDM and CVD are maternal hyperleptinemia and vascular disfunction/remodeling, respectively. Yet, there is limited information on the effects of maternal hyperleptinemia has on the function and structure of the offspring's resistance vasculature. We hypothesize that alterations in offspring's resistance artery structure and function underlie programming mechanisms for cardiovascular disease that are associated with maternal hyperleptinemia and GDM. To test this hypothesis, we used Leprdb/+ mice dams, which exhibit maternal hyperleptinemia and wildtype (WT) as controls. Vascular function was assessed in WT male offspring of control and hyperleptinemic dams at 31 weeks of age, after half the offspring had been fed a high fat diet (HFD) for 6 weeks. On a standard diet (SD), offspring of hyperleptinemic dams had mesenteric arteries with larger internal diameters than those of WT dams (258.36±14.99 vs 233.65±9.36 μm, p<0.05) indicative of outwardly remodeled, and enhanced maximal vasodilatory responses to insulin (39.97±6.71 vs 32.23±5.07 %, p<0.05). In offspring of WT, but not hyperleptinemic dams, HFD increased vessel wall cross-sectional area (18590.01±1251.16 vs 12807.20±1060.70 μm2, p<0.05), and enhanced the maximal vasodilatory response to acetylcholine (33.74±4.92 vs 21.86±2.73 %, p<0.05). HFD reduced the maximal response to insulin in offspring of hyperleptinemic dams compared to their WT and lean controls (21.88±3.80 vs 37.42±7.84 and 39.97±6.71 % respectively, p<0.05). Offspring of hyperleptinemic dams fed a HFD had increased elastic moduli normalized as a function of the percolation of the internal elastic lamina compared to their WT and lean controls (0.53±0.038 vs 0.34±0.023 and 0.38±0.032 ×106 dynes/cm2 respectively, p<0.05). Offspring of hyperleptinemic dams also had stiffer arteries at high pressure under both dietary conditions (2.36±0.35 vs 1.45±0.11 ×106 dynes/cm2, p<0.05). We conclude that when mice were fed a SD, maternal hyperleptinemia had beneficial effects to offspring's vascular health, but did not protect offspring fed a HFD. Furthermore, maternal hyperleptinemia induced arterial stiffness in offspring regardless of diet. These results suggest that GDM programs offspring vascular function and structure through mechanisms that may be in part dependent on circulating maternal leptin levels and are differentially affected by postnatal developmental exposures.
High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with future cardiovascular morbidity; Objective: The present study was aimed to determine whether high potassium level during pregnancy is an independent risk factor for future atherosclerotic morbidity.Patients and methods: A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity after their last delivery (n = 653) and matched controls (n = 4101). The mean follow-up duration was 57.7 ± 36.5 and 78.5 ± 42.3 months, respectively. The cases were further divided into: major events (severe atherosclerotic morbidity; n = 363), minor events (i.e. cardiovascular risk factors; n = 201) and cardiovascular evaluation tests (n = 89). The Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations while controlling for confounders.Results: A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for confounders such as gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that K+≥ 5.0 mEq/L during pregnancy was significantly associated with hospitalizations due to severe atherosclerotic morbidity (adjusted HR = 1.55; 95% CI 1.02-2.35; p = 0.039). A non-significant trend was also noted with long-term total hospitalizations for atherosclerotic (adjusted HR = 1.39; 95% CI 0.99-1.94; p = 0.052).Conclusion: High potassium level during pregnancy is associated with a significant risk for severe atherosclerotic morbidity, as it might be an indication for occult metabolic and renal dysfunction.
Pregnancy-associated deaths: 31-year experience; Aim: The aim of the present study was to elucidate the clinical characteristics of pregnancy-associated maternal deaths. Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis with medical records and autopsy reports of cases of pregnancy-associated deaths. We collected information on all maternal deaths related to pregnancy that occurred in 3 hospitals affiliated with Nippon Medical School in Japan from January 1, 1984, to December 31, 2014. Data analyzed were maternal age, past medical history, parity, gestational age, clinical signs and symptoms, cause of death, and maternal autopsy findings. Results: A total of 26 maternal deaths occurred during the 31-year study period. Autopsies were performed for 16 patients (61.5%). The 26 deaths included 19 (73.1%) classified as direct maternal deaths and 7 (26.9%) classified as indirect maternal deaths. The mean maternal age at death was 33.1±4.3 years (range, 26-41 years). The highest percentage of women was aged 35 to 39 years (38.5%). Of the 26 maternal deaths, 69% occurred at 32 to 41 weeks of gestation. In cases of direct maternal death, the leading causes were amniotic fluid embolism (7 cases, 27.0% of all deaths) and hemorrhage (6 cases, 23.1% of all deaths). In cases of indirect obstetric deaths, the causes included cardiovascular disorders, cerebrovascular disorders, sepsis due to group A streptococcal infection, and hepatic failure of unknown etiology. Conclusions: Amniotic fluid embolism was the leading cause of maternal deaths and was followed by obstetric hemorrhage. To prevent and reduce the number of maternal deaths in Japan, further basic and clinical research on amniotic fluid embolism is required.
Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial to Evaluate the Impact of Bed Rest on Maternal and Fetal Outcomes in Women with Preterm Premature Rupture of the Membranes; Objectives-Preterm premature rupture of the membranes (PPROM) is spontaneous rupture of membranes before 37 weeks' gestation before the onset of labor. The standard of care is inpatient management with antibiotics and monitoring. Bed rest has not been shown to be beneficial in the setting of PPROM and has adverse maternal effects. We conducted a pilot randomized clinical trial (RCT) to determine the feasibility of recruitment for an RCT of this nature and obtain estimates of the frequency of maternal and neonatal outcomes. Study Design-Patients who were diagnosed with PPROM < 34 weeks gestational age were randomized to bed rest versus activity in a 1:1 ratio. Subjects in both groups wore pedometers and kept activity logs. Maternal demographic and obstetric data and neonatal outcomes were collected and compared between groups using chi-square and Fisher exact tests. Latency was evaluated with log-rank test and Kaplan-Meier analysis. Results-In this study, 36 women were enrolled and randomized; 1 patient withdrew. Complete data were available for 21 subjects. In univariable analysis, women in the activity group had a nonsignificantly shorter latency time than the bed rest group (median 6.0 vs. 8.5 days). Neonatal outcomes were similar between groups. Using log-rank sum analysis, neonates born to mothers in the activity group were more likely to develop necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) than in the control group (24 vs. 0%, p = 0.05); this difference was not significant after false discovery rate correction (p = 0.80). Conclusion-This is the first randomized controlled study to evaluate bed rest versus normal activity in the setting of PPROM < 34 weeks. This study demonstrates a nonsignificant increase in latency to delivery on bed rest and possible increase in NEC in the activity group; the mechanism remains unclear. We would recommend a larger RCT to better clarify these findings.
Current Selection Criteria and Perioperative Therapy Used for Fetal Myelomeningocele Surgery; OBJECTIVE: To determine the current maternal and fetal selection criteria and operative approaches used at centers performing fetal myelomeningocele surgery. METHODS: The 17 principal investigators participating in the Fetal Myelomeningocele Consortium were asked to participate in an anonymous online survey regarding the current practice of maternal-fetal surgery for neural tube defect repair and results were tabulated. The 35-question survey related to diagnostic testing, inclusion and exclusion criteria, and clinical management. RESULTS: Sixty-five percent (11/17) of principal investigators responded to the survey and not all centers responded to all 35 questions. All centers continue to use magnetic resonance imaging in their preoperative evaluation. Diagnostic testing from amniocentesis is varied: 5 of 11 (45%) require amniotic fluid a-fetoprotein, 4 of 10 (40%) amniotic fluid acetylcholinesterase, and 8 of 11 (73%) DNA microarray. There is also variation from the Management of Myelomeningocele Study with regard to body mass index (BMI) (1/11; 9% would offer surgery with BMIs higher than 35), maternal medical risk factors (surgery would be offered for controlled pregestational diabetes [3/10 (30%)]), hepatitis C with negative viral load (4/11 [36%]), and human immunodeficiency virus with an undetectable viral load (1/10 [10%] or an obstetric history [3/11 (27%)] would offer surgery with a history of preterm delivery on progesterone). Ten of 11 (91%) centers did not consider ventriculomegaly of 18 mm and 9 of 11 (82%) centers did not consider lack of leg movement as an exclusion criteria. Nuances in the perioperative and intraoperative management were also reported, including 5 of 11 (45%) use intraoperative echocardiography and alterations in postoperative tocolytics. CONCLUSION: Variation in practice patterns for offering and performing maternal-fetal surgery for myelomeningocele repair exists among centers. Ongoing evaluation of inclusion and exclusion criteria as well as operative techniques is warranted to ensure continued safety, effectiveness, and beneficence.
Effect of Borderline Personality Disorder on Obstetrical and Neonatal Outcomes; Background: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder commonly associated with functional impairments and adverse health outcomes. Very little is known about BPD in pregnant women; hence, our study objective was to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study using the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project, Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2012. We identified births using the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) diagnostic and procedure codes and classified women by BPD status. Multivariate logistic regression was used to evaluate the effect of BPD on obstetrical and neonatal outcomes, adjusted for subject baseline characteristics. Findings: During the study period, there were 989 births to women with BPD with an overall incidence of 11.65 in 100,000 births. Women with BPD were more likely younger, of lower socioeconomic status, smoked or used drugs, and had an underlying mental disorder. Unadjusted models revealed that BPD was associated with an increased risk of almost all adverse maternal and fetal outcomes we examined, the exception being post partum hemorrhage and instrumental delivery, which both had a null association with BPD, and induction of labor, which was negatively associated with BPD. Upon full adjustment, BPD was found to be associated with the following obstetrical and neonatal outcomes: gestational diabetes (odds ratio [OR], 1.45; 95% CI, 1.13-1.85), premature rupture of the membranes (OR, 1.40; 95% CI, 1.07-1.83), chorioamnionitis (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.14-2.39), venous thromboembolism (OR, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.12-3.96), caesarian delivery (OR, 1.44; 95% CI, 1.26-1.64), and preterm birth (OR, 1.54; 95% CI, 1.29-1.83). Conclusion: BPD is associated with several adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. Hence, pregnant women who suffer from BPD should be monitored closely by a multidisciplinary health care team both before and during their pregnancies. This oversight would allow for the receipt of treatment for BPD and also interventions to help them to cease tobacco and drug use, which may ultimately decrease the incidence of poor obstetrical and neonatal outcomes.
Women's Health Considerations for Lipid Management; Understanding opportunities to reduce dyslipidemia before, during, and after pregnancy has major implications for cardiovascular disease risk prevention for the entire population. The best time to screen for dyslipidemia is before pregnancy or in the early antenatal period. The differential diagnosis of hypertriglyceridemia in pregnancy is the same as in nonpregnant women except that clinical lipidologists need to be aware of the potential obstetric complications associated with hypertriglyceridemia. Dyslipidemia discovered during pregnancy should be treated with diet and exercise intervention, as well as glycemic control if indicated. A complete lipid profile assessment during each trimester of pregnancy is recommended.
The Suspected Macrosomic Fetus at Term: A Clinical Dilemma; Estimation of fetal weight is an important component of antenatal and intrapartum management of pregnant women. While many clinicians use ultrasound estimates of fetal weight to assess fetal growth, there are inherent challenges in both the diagnosis and management of suspected fetal macrosomia. Given the inaccuracy in estimating fetal weight, and the risks that accompany cesarean birth or induction of labor, the management of suspected fetal macrosomia requires open communication and shared decision making between the woman and her health care providers. This case study and literature review highlight the current management and recommendations for suspected fetal macrosomia.
Neonatal atrial flutter after insertion of an intracardiac umbilical venous catheter; Objective To describe a case of neonatal atrial flutter after the insertion of an intracardiac umbilical venous catheter, reporting the clinical presentation and reviewing the literature on this subject. Case description A late-preterm newborn, born at 35 weeks of gestational age to a diabetic mother and large for gestational age, with respiratory distress and rule-out sepsis, required an umbilical venous access. After the insertion of the umbilical venous catheter, the patient presented with tachycardia. Chest radiography showed that the catheter was placed in the position that corresponds to the left atrium, and traction was applied. The patient persisted with tachycardia, and an electrocardiogram showed atrial flutter. As the patient was hemodynamically unstable, electric cardioversion was successfully applied. Comments The association between atrial arrhythmias and misplaced umbilical catheters has been described in the literature, but in this case, it is noteworthy that the patient was an infant born to a diabetic mother, which consists in another risk factor for heart arrhythmias. Isolated atrial flutter is a rare tachyarrhythmia in the neonatal period and its identification is essential to establish early treatment and prevent systemic complications and even death.
Life-threatening ketoacidosis in a pregnant woman with psychotic disorder; Pregnancy is an insulin resistant state. Hyperglycaemia and gestational diabetes mellitus are well-recognised complications even in women without existing metabolic syndrome or obesity. Pregnant women also appear to be more vulnerable to ketoacidosis, particularly after short periods of reduced oral intake in the third trimester, and may present with very severe starvation ketoacidosis, prompting emergent delivery. We present a case of a woman with a background of depression and psychotic episodes. Olanzapine had been commenced after a psychotic episode at 20 weeks’ gestation. Gestational diabetes mellitus was diagnosed at 28 weeks, and she was then admitted at 31 weeks with severe euglycaemic ketoacidosis following a short period of vomiting. She underwent caesarean section when the metabolic disturbances did not resolve with medical treatment. We believe atypical antipsychotic therapy contributed to the profound insulin resistance seen here, and that obstetricians, physicians and psychiatrists must be aware of the risks conferred by these agents in pregnancy.
Juggling multiple guidelines: A woman's heart in the balance; In 2011, the American Heart Association (AHA) issued the pivotal "Effectiveness-based Guidelines for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women-2011 Update." In the interim, multiple guidelines have dramatically altered recommendations for preventive cardiovascular care. This article addresses how I juggle these multiple guidelines in my clinical practice. In brief, my approach to risk stratification is to use the Pooled Cohort Equations, but I also routinely assess the risk factors unique to or predominant in women such as pregnancy complications and systemic autoimmune collagen vascular diseases. I follow the 2013 AHA/American College of Cardiology (ACC) Guidelines on Lifestyle Management to Reduce Cardiovascular Risk, but find value in the detailed aspects of physical activity recommendation in the 2011 Women's Guideline, including those for weight loss or weight loss maintenance. Based solely on epidemiological data, I consider a blood pressure (BP) of 120//80 mmHg ideal in women who remain asymptomatic at that level. I typically titrate BP therapy to 120-130/80-90 mmHg as tolerated. I endorse the current ACC/AHA recommendations for cholesterol management, but for my women patients older than age 75 who previously tolerated a high-intensity statin, I continue that medication or whatever statin they tolerated through age 75. For women older than age 75 with a recent acute atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) event, a high-risk population, I follow the guideline for younger patients. As ASCVD events are becoming more common before 40 years of age, I screen younger women earlier when risk factors unique to or predominant in women are present. I incorporate sex-specific risk factors for stroke in the risk ascertainment component of women's medical records. With regard to depression, at minimum I perform screening for all women with coronary heart disease with a 2-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-2). For women with suspected ischemic heart disease, I adhere to the recommendations of the 2014 Consensus Statement of the AHA, "The Role of Noninvasive Testing in the Evaluation of Women with Suspected Ischemic Heart Disease." An unmet need remains an updated guideline on Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women.
Association of gestational diabetes mellitus with left ventricular structure and function: The CARDIA study; OBJECTIVE Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) predicts incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, mechanisms linking GDM to CVD beyond intervening incident diabetes are not well understood. We examined the relation of GDM with echocardiographic parameters of left ventricular (LV) structure and function, which are important predictors of future CVD risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS We studied 609 women (43% black) from the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study who delivered one or more births during followup and had echocardiograms in 1990-1991 (mean age 28.8 years) and 2010- 2011. RESULTS During the 20-year follow-up, 965 births were reported, with GDM developing in 64 women (10.5%). In linear regression models adjusted for sociodemographic factors, BMI, physical activity, parity, smoking, use of oral contraceptives, alcohol intake, family history of coronary heart disease, systolic blood pressure, and lipid levels, women with GDM had impaired longitudinal peak strain (215.0 vs. 215.7%, P = 0.025), circumferential peak strain (214.8 vs. 215.6%, P = 0.028), lateral e9 wave velocity (11.0 vs. 11.8 cm/s, P = 0.012), and septal e9 wave velocity (8.6 vs. 9.3 cm/s, P = 0.015) in 2010-2011 and a greater 20-year increase in LV mass indexed to body surface area (14.3 vs. 6.0 g/m 2, P = 0.006) compared with women with non-GDMpregnancies. Further adjustment for incident type 2 diabetes after pregnancy did not attenuate these associations. CONCLUSIONS Pregnancy complicated by GDM is independently associated with increased LV mass and impaired LV relaxation and systolic function. Implementation of postpartum cardiovascular health interventions in women with a history of GDMmay offer an additional opportunity to reduce future CVD risk.
Serum values of atherogenic index of plasma and lipid ratios in gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) can increase the risks for type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases after pregnancy. Lipids are biomarkers that can give valuable information in this aspect. This study was performed with aim to assess serum values of lipids, lipid ratios and atherogenic index of plasma (AIP) and their relationship with maternal age and GDM. Methods: This case-control study was performed on 52 women with GDM and 59 normal pregnant women referred to Asalian hospital of Khorramabad, Iran during 2013-2014. Serum values of cholesterol, total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG), and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were measured using commercially available kits and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) was calculated. Data were analyzed by SPSS software (version 19), and Kolmogorov – Smirnov, Independent t-test, Pearson’s correlation and regression. PResults: Values of TC/HDL-C ratio (P<0.001), LDL-C/HDL-C ratio (P<0.001) and AIP (P<0.001) were significantly increased while values of HDL-C (P<0.001) and HDL ratio (P<0.001) were significantly decreased in GDM group compared with normal pregnancy; the differences remained significant after adjusting for age of the subjects. The results of logistic regression analysis showed that before and after adjusting for age of the subjects, HDL-C and HDL ratio were negative risk factors for GDM and TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio and AIP were positive risk factors for GDM. Conclusion: Increased TC/HDL-C ratio, LDL-C/HDL-C ratio, and AIP and decreased HDL-C and HDL ratio could be considered risk factors for GDM. Regularly measurements of lipid ratios and interventions for regulation of them might significantly prevent the prevalence of GDM and caused cardiovascular disease especially at postpartum period.
Maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancy through metabolic stress and mitochondrial dysfunction; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies are at risk of cardiovascular disease at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Preventative measures focus on glycemic control, but the contribution of additional offenders, including lipids, is not understood. Cellular bioenergetics can be influenced by both diabetes and hyperlipidemia and play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of adult cardiovascular disease. This study investigated whether a maternal high-fat diet, independently or additively with diabetes, could impair fuel metabolism, mitochondrial function, and cardiac physiology in the developing offspring's heart. Sprague-Dawley rats fed a control or high-fat diet were administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy and then delivered offspring from four groups: control, diabetes exposed, diet exposed, and combination exposed. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test, and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology, and copy number were determined. Diabetes-exposed offspring had impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity and a reduced proton leak. High-fat diet-exposed offspring had increased mitochondrial copy number, increased lipid peroxidation, and evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction. Combination-exposed pups were most severely affected and demonstrated cardiac lipid droplet accumulation and diastolic/systolic cardiac dysfunction that mimics that of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy. This study is the first to demonstrate that a maternal high-fat diet impairs cardiac function in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through metabolic stress and serves as a critical step in understanding the role of cellular bioenergetics in developmentally programmed cardiac disease.
Underestimating risk in women delays diagnosis of CVD; CVD remains the most common cause of mortality in women. In 2007, the annual mortality in women secondary to CAD was 4.7 times that of breast cancer. Around 2.8 million women are living with CVD in the UK. There has been an increase in the prevalence of MI in women aged 35 to 54, while a decline in prevalence was observed in age-matched men. Difficulty in evaluating symptoms of ischaemic heart disease in women is well documented and remains challenging because of their atypical nature. The main gender difference is that women tend to present less frequently with exertional symptoms of chest pain before an AMI. Although men and women share classic cardiovascular risk factors the relative importance of each risk factor may be gender specific. The impact of smoking is greater in women than men, especially in those under 50. Diabetes is a more potent risk factor for fatal CHD in women than men. Risk factors specific to women include postmenopausal status, hysterectomy and complications during pregnancy. Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus or pre-eclampsia more than double their risk of CVD later in life. Transition to the menopause is associated with a worsening CHD risk profile. After the menopause women may experience an increase in weight, alteration in fat distribution and an increase in other CVD risk factors such as diabetes and a more adverse lipid profile. Pharmacological stress testing is preferred for diagnosing CAD in females with lower exercise capacity. Stress cardiomyopathy is triggered by intense, unexpected emotional or physical stress and is characterised by transient apical systolic dysfunction or ballooning of the left ventricle. The syndrome predominantly affects postmenopausal women. Women presenting with STEMI have worse outcomes compared with men. However, in those presenting with NSTEMI there were no differences in outcomes.
Meeting report-EASD postgraduate course on clinical diabetes and its complications, 29 - 31 October 2015, Prague, Czech Republic; Since 2005 the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) invests in the education of diabetologists and facilitates the implementation of patient care by organizing postgraduate courses in different countries. I attended at one of these courses that was held in Prague between 29 and 31 October 2015. The course consisted of six sessions of state of the art lectures entitled: type 1 diabetes update, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases, special situations, therapy, complications and the last one, diabetes treatment-what is on the horizon? These sessions alternated with interactive workshops held in parallel sessions. I consider that this experience helped me improve my practice skills. I had the opportunity to interact with doctors from other European countries and exchange our experience in the field of diabetes. I hope Romania will organize again such constructive EASD postgraduate courses on clinical diabetes.
Development of a Risk Score for Predicting Hypertension in Women with a History of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk manifest as hypertension subsequent to pregnancy. The impacts of dysglycemia and race/ethnicity on hypertension risk have been examined; however, the study of putative risk factors has been limited. Hypothesis: We hypothesize that GDM and gestational dysglycemia are sufficiently predictive of hypertension subsequent to pregnancy and that a risk score based on degree of dysglycemia can be used to identify at-risk patients. Methods: We examined a cohort of 23,223 women who presented for prenatal care to the Massachusetts General Hospital Obstetrical Department between September 1998 and January 2007. We selected women, ages 18 to 40 years, free of CVD or pre-GDM, with complete glycemic and demographic data who delivered a singleton, live birth. Each woman's initial pregnancy was selected in order to not violate the independence assumption. The population was stratified by incident hypertension subsequent to pregnancy. Logistic regression models (with and without stepwise selection) were used to identify significant maternal risk factors based on their predictive performance. Finally, the risk prediction score was developed from β-coefficients in multivariable Weibull models. Results: The study sample comprised of 11,161 women, 547 (4.9%) of whom developed hypertension during 4.2 years (median) follow-up. Significant predictors of hypertension included age, body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, parity, dysglycemia, and race/ethnicity. These factors were used to develop a risk score for subsequent hypertension risk. The final risk score achieved a c-statistic of 0.76, indicating moderate discriminative ability (Figure 1). Conclusions: We developed a risk score that may be used to identify patients with an elevated risk of hypertension subsequent to a pregnancy complicated by dysglycemia. Further external validation is warranted to determine clinical effectiveness. (Figure Presented).
Impaired cardiac function in female adult progeny of diabetic mothers is associated with cardiac fibrosis; INTRODUCTION: Maternal diabetes is a risk factor for abnormal heart development. We have observed impaired long term cardiac function (restrictive cardiomyopathy) in middle age female mice born to hyperglycemic mothers (unpublished data). We seek to investigate the mechanism of long term cardiac dysfunction in these female mice. METHODS: Hyperglycemia was induced in wild type 8-week old CD-1 female mice with a one time intraperitoneal injection of 150 mg/kg of streptozotocin (STZ) prior to mating. Left ventricular echocardiograms were performed on the progeny of both experimental(DF1) and control (CF1) groups at 8 months of age and stratified by gender. Impaired cardiac function was seen only in the adult female progeny of diabetic dams consistent with restrictive cardiomyopathy. Therefore, three adult female hearts in each group were fixed, mounted, sectioned and stained with picrosirius red staining which identifies collagen in tissue. The left ventricle (LV), right ventricle (RV) and interventricular septum (IVS) were imaged with a high resolution microscope at 20 X magnification. Fibrotic deposits (DF1) were counted, averaged and compared with (CF1). Student t-test was used for statistical analysis. P<0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Compared to CF1, DF1 had a greater number of fibrotic lesions in the LV (3 vs 10; P=0.039), RV (2 vs 13; P=0.039) and IVS (4 vs 11; P=0.003) Table 1. (Table Presented ) CONCLUSIONS: Diabetes exposed adult female progeny exhibited higher degree of cardiac fibrosis and may account for the observed echocardiographic phenotype of restrictive cardiomyopathy seen in female progeny of diabetic mothers.
The impact of uric acid during pregnancy; INTRODUCTION: High uric acid levels during pregnancy could lead to the development of gestational diseases, such as pre-eclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and gestational diabetes. Moreover the risk for the child to develop diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular diseases is increased too in these conditions. Unfortunately, the role of the main placental uric acid transporter GLUT9 and the effect of uric acid on placental and foetal development are still not well understood. Our study wants to shed new insights into the role of GLUT9 for placental uric acid transport in order to consider GLUT9 like a possible target to develop novel drugs to reduce gestational diseases following hyperuricemia. METHODS: To understand the effect of foetal hyperuricemia on foetal and placental development we use a systemic GLUT9 KO mouse model. Six-week-old female GLUT9(+/-) mice, maintained on regular chow diet, were mated with GLUT9(+/-) male mice. After the mating the diet was changed to regular chow diet plus inosine, which lead to hyperuricemia in GLUT9(-/-) foetuses, but not in the mothers. At postnatal day 8 we weighted the pups daily to check their development. RESULTS: We observed a normal Mendel ratio for the pups from the mating of heterozygous parents. The GLUT9 KO pups have a significant reduced body weight, starting from postnatal day 12, compared to the wild type and heterozygous pups. CONCLUSIONS: Exposure of the foetus to high uric acid levels leads to differential postnatal weight development. This indicates that uric acid has the potential to affect the foetus and its development after birth. This observation contributes to the hypothesis that uric acid is not just a side product of pre-eclampsia but actively contributes to the effect of the disease leading to abnormal development in mice.
Effects and underlying mechanisms of gestational diabetes mellitus on post-ischemia/reperfusion cardiac contractile function in male offspring rats; INTRODUCTION: The incidence of GDM is rapidly increasing worldwide, and GDM is known to result in both early perinatal complications and long-term effects such as cardiovascular disease in offspring. AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is cardioprotective, especially in the treatment of ischemia/reperfusion (I/R). Therefore, we hypothesized that AMPK is involved in the cardiac disease of offspring exposed to in utero hyperglycemia, in particular, the response to I/R of male offspring. METHODS: 8 weeks-old female Sprague-Dawley rats were mated with age matched male. GDM animal model was established by administering streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) on E8.5 via i.p. injection. The blood glucose level, GTT, ITT of the male offspring were measured at 22-24 weeks of age, and then the offsprings were subjected to 20 min of global ischemia followed by 30 min of reperfusion by the use of Langendorff system. Cell signaling was determined by western blot. RESULTS: The average glucose level of diabetic animals during pregnancy was >16.7mmol/L (vs. control, N=4, P<0.05). The body weight of the GDM male offspring were significantly higher than control male offspring from the age of 8 weeks (N=16, P<0.05); the heart weights and heart weight/body weight ratio was also higher in the GDM group vs. control group (1.26±0.03g vs.1.48±0.06g, N=8, P<0.01 and 0.26±0.003 vs. 0.28±0.006% N=8, P<0.05, respectively). The phosphorylation of Akt, Erk(1/2), AMPK and (ACC) was markedly reduced in GDM male offspring rat hearts without I/R treatment vs. control group (36.8%, 39.1%, 53.7% and 31.6% respectively,N≥3, P<0.05). The post-I/R cardiac contractile function of GDM male offspring rats was significantly compromised vs. control group (63% vs. 94%, N=4, P<0.05). The phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC were elevated by I/R in both groups, but significantly lower in the GDM group compare to the control group (N=3, P<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: GDM male offspring rats have high risks of obesity and cardiac disease. GDM also has a transgenerational impact on cardiac I/R intolerance in male offspring, potentially due to alterations in the offspring cardiac AMPK pathway.
Effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on cardiac contractile function of female offspring rats after ischemia/reperfusion and underlying mechanisms; Objective: To investigate the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the cardiac function of female offspring rats and underlying mechanisms by the rat model. Methods: Wild type female SD rats were injected with streptozotocin (35 mg/kg) in the second trimester of pregnancy to establish the GDM model (GDM group). The control group was also established. Female F1 offspring rats were fed for 24 weeks after they were born. During this period, random blood glucose level, blood pressure, and heart rate were measured and glucose tolerance test and insulin tolerance test were conducted. The in vitro myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (I/R) model was established. The signaling pathways of protein kinase B (Akt), adenine monophosphate activated protein kinase (AMPK), and acetyl-coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC) in cardiac tissues were detected by Western blotting. Results: The in vitro cardiac contractile function of female F1 offspring of the GDM group after I/R was significantly weaker than that of the control group (P=0.048 6). The results of Western blotting showed that the phosphorylation of AMPK and ACC in cardiac tissues of female F1 offspring of the GDM group after in vitro I/R was significantly lower than that of the control group (P=0.005 6). Conclusion: GDM results in cardiac I/R intolerance of female offspring rats, which may be relevant to the blunt response to I/R stimulation caused by the phosphorylation of AMPK.
Maternal Tdap vaccination: Coverage and acute safety outcomes in the vaccine safety datalink, 2007-2013; Introduction: Since October 2012, the combined tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, acellular pertussis vaccine (Tdap) has been recommended in the United States during every pregnancy. Methods: In this observational study from the Vaccine Safety Datalink, we describe receipt of Tdap during pregnancy among insured women with live births across seven health systems. Using a retrospective matched cohort, we evaluated risks for selected medically attended adverse events in pregnant women, occurring within 42 days of vaccination. Using a generalized estimating equation, we calculated adjusted incident rate ratios (AIRR). Results: Our vaccine coverage cohort included 438,487 live births between January 1, 2007 and November 15, 2013. Across the coverage cohort, 14% received Tdap during pregnancy. By 2013, Tdap was administered during pregnancy in 41.7% of live births, primarily in the 3rd trimester. Our vaccine safety cohort included 53,885 vaccinated and 109,253 matched unvaccinated pregnant women. There was no increased risk for a composite outcome of medically attended acute adverse events within 3 days of vaccination. Similarly, across the safety cohort, over a 42 day window, incident neurologic events, thrombotic events, and new onset proteinuria did not differ by maternal receipt of Tdap. Among women receiving Tdap at 20 weeks gestation or later, as compared to their matched controls, there was no increased risk for gestational diabetes or cardiac events while venous thromboembolic events and thrombocytopenia were diagnosed within 42 days of vaccination at slightly decreased rates. Conclusion: Tdap coverage during pregnancy increased from 2007 through 2013, but was still below 50%. No acute maternal safety signals were detected in this large cohort.
Low circulating pentraxin 3 levels in pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes and increased apoB/apoA ratio: A 5-year follow-up study; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Pentraxin 3 (PTX3) is an essential component of innate immunity and independently associated with the risk of developing vascular events. The aim of the study was to examine the relationships between GDM, cardiovascular risk, and plasma PTX3 in pregnancy and at 5years after the index pregnancy. Methods: This population-based prospective cohort included 300 women who had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and pulse wave velocity analysis. Fasting PTX3 levels were measured four times during pregnancy and at follow-up. Results: PTX3 levels were lower early in pregnancy and at 5years follow-up in women who developed GDM. PTX3 levels throughout pregnancy were associated with body mass index. Low PTX3 levels in early pregnancy were predictive of an increased apoB/apoA ratio at 5-year follow-up. PTX3 at 5-year follow-up was inversely correlated with multiple metabolic risk factors for CVD, including body composition, arterial stiffness, dyslipidemia and previous GDM. Conclusions: Our results show that low plasma concentration of PTX3 in early pregnancy is associated with subsequent development of GDM and with an enhanced risk for CVD as estimated by an elevated apoB/apoA ratio at 5years postpartum.
Laparoscopic appendectomy and cholecystectomy versus open: a study in 1999 pregnant patients; Background: When pregnant patients require surgery, whether to perform an operation open or laparoscopic is often debated. We evaluated the impact of laparoscopy for common general surgical problems in pregnancy to determine safety and trends in operative approach over time. Methods: Pregnant patients undergoing appendectomy or cholecystectomy were identified using the National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (NSQIP) database. We analyzed demographics, operative characteristics, and outcomes. Univariate comparison and multivariate regression analysis (MVA) were performed adjusting for confounding factors: age, body mass index (BMI), diabetes, and smoking, and an additional MVA was performed for perforated cases. Results: A total of 1999 pregnant patients between 2005 and 2012 were evaluated. Of 1335 appendectomies, 894 were performed laparoscopically (LA) and 441 open (OA). For 664 cholecystectomies, 606 were laparoscopic (LC) and 58 open (OC). There were no deaths. For LA versus OA, patient characteristics were not different {age: 27.7 vs. 28.2 years, p = 0.19; diabetes: 1.8 vs. 0.9 %, p = 0.24; smoking: 19 vs. 16.1 %, p = 0.2} except for BMI (27.9 vs. 28.4 kg/m2; p = 0.03). LA had shorter operative times (ORT), length of stay (LOS), and fewer postoperative complications compared to OA. In MVA, difference between approaches remained statistically significant for ORT (<0.0001), LOS (<0.01), and wound complications (<0.01). MVA was performed for perforated cases alone: LA had equal ORT (p = 0.19) yet shorter LOS (p = <0.001). The majority of LA were performed in the last 4 years versus the first 4 years (61 vs. 39 %, p < 0.001). For LC versus OC, patient characteristics were not different: age (28.3 vs. 28.7 years; p = 0.33), BMI (31.4 vs. 33.2 kg/m2, p = 0.25), diabetes (2.8 vs. 3.5 %, p = 0.68), and smoking (21.1 vs. 25.9 %, p = 0.4). LC had a shorter ORT, LOS, and fewer postoperative complications than OC. In MVA, the difference between approaches remained statistically significant for ORT (<0.0001), LOS (<0.0001), and minor complications (<0.01). In MVA for cholecystitis with perforation, no difference was seen for LOS, ORT, or postoperative complications (p > 0.05). The percentage of LC cases appeared to increase over time (89 vs. 93 %, p = 0.06). Conclusion: While fetal events are unknown, LA and LC in pregnant patients demonstrated shorter ORT, LOS, and reduced complications and were performed more frequently over time. Even in perforated cases, laparoscopy appears safe in pregnant patients.
What accounts for ethnic differences in newborn skinfold thickness comparing South Asians and White Caucasians? Findings from the START and FAMILY Birth Cohorts; South Asians are a high-risk group for type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. We sought to determine ethnic differences in newborn adiposity comparing South Asians (SA) to White Caucasians (Whites).Methods:Seven hundred ninety pregnant women (401 SA, 389 Whites) and their full-term offspring from two birth cohorts in Canada were analyzed. Pregnant women completed a health assessment including a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test to assess for dysglycemia. Birthweight, length, waist and hip circumference, and triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness (a surrogate measure of body adiposity) were measured in all newborns. Multivariate regression was used to identify maternal factors associated with newborn skinfold measurements.Results:South Asian women were younger (30.1 vs 31.8 years, P<0.001), their prepregnancy body mass index was lower (23.7 vs 26.2, P<0.0001) and gestational diabetes was substantially higher (21% vs 13%, P=0.005) compared with Whites. Among full-term newborns, South Asians had lower birthweight (3283 vs 3517 g, P=0.0001), had greater skinfold thickness (11.7 vs 10.6 mm; P=0.0001) and higher waist circumference (31.1 vs 29.9 cm, P=0.0001) compared with Whites. Risk factors for newborn skinfold thickness included South Asian ethnicity (standardized estimate (s.e.): 0.24; P<0.0001), maternal glucose (s.e.: 0.079; P=0.04) and maternal body fat (s.e.: 0.14; P=0.0002).Conclusions:South Asian newborns are lower birthweight and have greater skinfold thickness, compared with White newborns, and this is influenced by maternal body fat and glucose. Interventions aimed at reducing body fat prior to pregnancy and gestational diabetes during pregnancy in South Asians may favorably alter newborn body composition and require evaluation.
Parental risk factors of anorectal malformations: Analysis with a regional population-based control group; Background: Adequate evidence on environmental risk factors for anorectal malformations (ARMs) is very limited. We assessed maternal body weight and several prenatal exposures of the parents to tobacco, pregestational diabetes, chronic cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, periconceptional folic acid and multivitamin intake. Methods: Data from the German Network for Congenital Uro-REctal malformations (CURE-Net) were compared with data from the Malformation Monitoring Centre Saxony-Anhalt of the Otto-von-Guericke University in Magdeburg, Germany. Controls were matched to cases by gender and birth year of the child. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (95% confidence intervals) were calculated for potential risk factors using multivariable logistic regression. Results: In total, 158 ARM patients and 474 healthy infants born between 1993 and 2008 in Germany were included. Maternal age at birth of ARM cases and birth plurality were significantly higher and gestational age and weight significantly lower compared with controls (p < 0.0001). We observed significantly increased risks for ARMs associated with maternal smoking before conception and the first trimester of pregnancy (odds ratio = 2.23, 95% confidence interval 1.04-4.79, p = 0.039) and maternal chronic respiratory diseases (odds ratio = 29.25, 95% confidence interval 8.22-104.14, p < 0.0001). No statistically significant increased risk or protective effect was found for the other investigated factors. Conclusion: This study suggests an association between the occurrence of ARMs in the offspring and periconceptional maternal smoking as well as maternal chronic respiratory diseases. In addition, there might be a sign of an association for maternal diabetes, although not statistically significant. It can be assumed that the power is far too low to provide reliable estimates. Birth Defects Research (Part A) 106:133-141, 2016.
Identifying Key Intervention Opportunities During a Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes: a Review of Acute Complications of Diabetes During Pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant and sometimes devastating acute complications. It is important that all health care providers are aware of possible complications at each stage of pregnancy so that we can prevent these complications whenever possible and reduce morbidity when they do occur. Most complications associated with diabetes during pregnancy have reduced incidence when blood glucose and blood pressure are optimally controlled. Yet, it is always best to try to optimize diabetes and any comorbidities prior to conception.
Renal function during pregnancy may predict risk of future hospitalization due to atherosclerotic-related morbidity; Aim This study aims to examine whether renal function during pregnancy can serve as a surrogate marker for the risk of developing atherosclerotic-related morbidity. Methods A case-control study, including women who gave birth at a tertiary referral medical centre during 2000-2012. This population was divided into cases of women who were subsequently hospitalized for atherosclerotic morbidity during the study period and age-matched controls. From the study population, we retrieved two groups: the creatinine (Cr) group: women who had at least one Cr measurement (4945 women) and the urea group: women who had at least one urea measurement (4932 women) during their pregnancies. In the Cr and urea group, there were 572 and 571 cases and 4373 and 4361 controls, respectively. The mean follow-up period in the Cr and urea group was 61.7 ± 37.0 and 57.3 ± 36.0 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models (controlling for confounders: gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level (for urea), and gestational week) were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for hospitalizations. Results A significant association was documented between renal function during pregnancy and long-term atherosclerotic morbidity. Multivariate analysis, showed that Cr at pregnancy index of ≥89 μmol/L was associated with a significant increased risk for hospitalization due to cardiovascular (CVS) events (adjusted HR = 2.91 CI 1.37-6.19 P = 0.005) and urea level ≤7 mmol/L was independently associated with reduced prevalence of CVS hospitalization (adjusted HR = 0.62 CI 0.57-0.86 P = 0.001). Conclusion Renal function abnormality during pregnancy may reveal occult predisposition to atherosclerotic morbidity years after childbirth.
Heart Failure Prevention: Special Considerations for Women; Heart failure (HF) is a growing epidemic in the USA, and the American Heart Association estimates there are 550,000 new cases of HF in men and women annually. Despite advances in evidence-based cardiovascular care including improved awareness of women’s cardiovascular disease, important gender discrepancies persist in the diagnosis and management of HF. Coronary heart disease (CHD) is a leading cause of HF in the USA, and despite advancing therapies for acute coronary syndromes, young women (age < 55) are the only population with increasing mortality from CHD. Women stand to greatly benefit from improved efforts targeting HF prevention; therefore, the purposes of this paper are to review the current literature pertaining to HF prevention in women and to identify areas where opportunities exist for improving cardiovascular care for women as well as topics that warrant further investigation.
Levothyroxine treatment of mild subclinical hypothyroidism: a review of potential risks and benefits; Subclinical hypothyroidism (SCH) is defined as elevated thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) with normal levels of free triiodothyronine (FT3) and free thyroxine (FT4). SCH is further classified into a milder condition with TSH levels between 4.0 and 10.0 milli-international units (mIU)/l (mild-SCH) and a severe form with TSH > 10.0 mIU/l (severe-SCH). SCH is a common problem (prevalence is greater in women than men), which increases further with increasing age and TSH levels. Even though the risk of progression to overt hypothyroidism is higher in patients with severe-SCH, the risk is also significant in patients having mild-SCH; it has been suggested that every twofold rise in serum TSH would increase the risk from 1 to 4%, which further increases to 38% if thyroid antibodies are positive. Current data have shown increased cardiovascular risk in patients with mild-SCH and have demonstrated some benefits of levothyroxine treatment in reducing these events. However, evidence on the association of mild-SCH and musculoskeletal system, cognitive dysfunction, mood disorders, dyslipidaemia, diabetes and goitre is conflicting. Similarly, the discussion regarding the exact upper limit of normal for serum TSH remains controversial. The data have also shown increased risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes in patient with mild-SCH, with some benefits of thyroxine treatment. The recent available guidelines related to management of patients with serum TSH < 10 mIU/l have suggested decisions should be made taking into account the age of the patient, associated risk factors and comorbid conditions. This chronicle review assesses current evidence regarding the risks associated and the recommendations related to benefits of levothyroxine treatment in patients having mild-SCH.
New development of the yolk sac theory in diabetic embryopathy: Molecular mechanism and link to structural birth defects; Maternal diabetes mellitus is a significant risk factor for structural birth defects, including congenital heart defects and neural tube defects. With the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity in women of childbearing age, diabetes mellitus-induced birth defects have become an increasingly significant public health problem. Maternal diabetes mellitus in vivo and high glucose in vitro induce yolk sac injuries by damaging the morphologic condition of cells and altering the dynamics of organelles. The yolk sac vascular system is the first system to develop during embryogenesis; therefore, it is the most sensitive to hyperglycemia. The consequences of yolk sac injuries include impairment of nutrient transportation because of vasculopathy. Although the functional relationship between yolk sac vasculopathy and structural birth defects has not yet been established, a recent study reveals that the quality of yolk sac vasculature is related inversely to embryonic malformation rates. Studies in animal models have uncovered key molecular intermediates of diabetic yolk sac vasculopathy, which include hypoxia-inducible factor-1α, apoptosis signal-regulating kinase 1, and its inhibitor thioredoxin-1, c-Jun-N-terminal kinases, nitric oxide, and nitric oxide synthase. Yolk sac vasculopathy is also associated with abnormalities in arachidonic acid and myo-inositol. Dietary supplementation with fatty acids that restore lipid levels in the yolk sac lead to a reduction in diabetes mellitus-induced malformations. Although the role of the human yolk in embryogenesis is less extensive than in rodents, nevertheless, human embryonic vasculogenesis is affected negatively by maternal diabetes mellitus. Mechanistic studies have identified potential therapeutic targets for future intervention against yolk sac vasculopathy, birth defects, and other complications associated with diabetic pregnancies.
Focused Cardiovascular Care for Women: The Need and Role in Clinical Practice; Over the past decade, an emerging clinical research focus on cardiovascular (CV) disease (CVD) risk in women has highlighted sex-specific factors that are uniquely important in the prevention and early detection of coronary atherosclerosis in women. Concurrently, a 30% decrease in the number of female deaths from CVD has been observed. Despite this, CVD continues to be the leading cause of death in women, outnumbering deaths from all other causes combined. Clinical practice approaches that focus on the unique aspects of CV care for women are needed to provide necessary resources for the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of CVD in women. In addition to increasing opportunities for women to participate in CV research, Women's Heart Clinics offer unique settings in which to deliver comprehensive CV care and education, ensuring appropriate diagnostic testing, while monitoring effectiveness of treatment. This article reviews the emerging need and role of focused CV care to address sex-specific aspects of diagnosis and treatment of CVD in women.
Placental pathology in small-for-gestational age placentas from pregnancies with type 1 pregestational diabetes; Background: Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is one of the most common medical complications of pregnancy. Adverse perinatal outcome associated with pregestational DM include macrosomia and large placentas. While many previous diabetic pregnancy studies focused on the “large” aspects of the adverse outcome, in non-diabetic pregnancies the small-for-gestational (SGA) placentas exhibit increased rates of adverse perinatal outcomes. Current study investigated the clinicopathological correlation in SGA placentas from pregnancies complicated with type 1 DM (T1DM). Design: In this retrospective cohort study, we identified the subject population using registration statistics for the (state) Diabetes in Pregnancy Program (2003 to 2011). SGA is defined as < 10th percentile while appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) as 10-90th percentile. Categorical variables were compared by Chi-square1 or Fisher-s exact test2, and continuous variables were compared using t-test3. P<0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: 117 placentas from women with T1DM were identified, including 22 (18.9%) SGA and 63 (53.8%) AGA placentas. The placental weight and neonatal weight were significantly lower in the SGA group (P<0.0001) while the fetal-to-placental (f/p) weight ratio higher (P=0.03). The GA at delivery was significantly lower with SGA placentas (P=0.02). 12 (54.6%) SGA placentas were associated with f/p ratio > 90%tile, suggestive of exhausted placental functional reserve. There were more IUGR associated with SGA placentas (P=0.04). Histologically, there was more thrombosis of fetal vessels in the SGA placentas (P=0.004), suggestive of higher prevalence of fetal thrombotic vasculopathy. The SGA group had the only stillbirth case although statistical significance not reached (1/22 vs 0/63, P=0.26). Conclusions: SGA placentas are associated with significantly increased rates of IUGR, more f/p ratio > 90th percentile and thrombosis of fetal blood vessels in placenta. The adverse outcome can include stillbirth. Further research is needed to elucidate mechanisms and consequences of SGA placenta and fetal circulation in T1DM. Closer attention should be given to gravida with T1DM and smaller placenta.
Early cardiovascular events in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular diseases (CVD) is not assessed within the first 10years postpartum, regardless of subsequent diabetes. The aim of this study was to determine the risk of CVD events related to GDM within 7years of postpartum. Methods: This nationwide population-based study of deliveries in 2007 and 2008 with a follow-up of 7years was based on data from the French medico-administrative database. Two groups were formed: women with a history of GDM and women without GDM or previous diabetes. CVD included angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, stroke, heart bypass surgery, coronary angioplasty, carotid endarterectomy and fibrinolysis. Hypertensive disease was assessed separately. Determinants studied included age, obesity, subsequent diabetes mellitus and hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Adjusted odds ratios for outcomes were calculated using multiple logistic regressions. Results: The hospital database recorded 1,518,990 deliveries in 2007 and 2008. Among these, 62,958 women had a history of GDM. After adjusting for age, DM, obesity and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, GDM was significantly associated with a higher risk of CVD (adjusted Odds Ratio aOR=1.25 [1.09-1.43]). Considering each variable in a separate model, GDM was associated with angina pectoris (aOR=1.68 [1.29-2.20]), myocardial infarction (aOR=1.92 [1.36-2.71]) and hypertension (aOR=2.72 [2.58-2.88]) but not with stroke. Conclusions: A history of GDM was identified as a risk factor of CVD, especially coronary vascular diseases, within the 7years postpartum. A lifestyle changes from postpartum onwards can be recommended and supported.
Obstetrical outcomes in patients with early onset gestational diabetes; Objective: The objective of this study was to characterize patients with early onset gestational diabetes and compare outcomes to patients diagnosed with standard gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes.Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of patients diagnosed with gestational or pregestational diabetes. All patients received a glucose challenge test at their first prenatal visit to diagnose early onset gestational diabetes and were recommended to have postpartum glucose tolerance tests to detect undiagnosed type 2 diabetes. Outcomes were compared between patients with early onset gestational diabetes and both standard gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes with p < 0.05 was used for significance.Results: Four hundred and twenty-four patients met the inclusion criteria. Nine percent of the patients with early onset gestational diabetes were found to have undiagnosed type 2 diabetes based on postpartum testing and 91% to have resolution in the postpartum period. No patient with early onset gestational diabetes and resolution in the postpartum period had abnormal screening for renal or ophthalmologic disease, but 5% had abnormal fetal echocardiograms. These patients were more likely to require pharmacotherapy for glycemic control than patients with standard gestational diabetes and less likely than patients with pregestational diabetes (55% versus 39% versus 81%).Conclusion: Most patients diagnosed with early onset gestational diabetes do not have undiagnosed type 2 diabetes but do have unique characteristics and obstetrical outcomes.
Burden of stroke in women; Stroke is the fifth cause of death in the United States and the first cause of disability. While reductions in stroke mortality have occurred, stroke remains a significant burden in women. In addition to traditional cardiovascular risk factors, there are specific risk factors in women that need to be addressed to further reduce deaths in women from stroke. Atrial fibrillation is common in women and needs proper evaluation for anticoagulation for risk reduction. Stroke in women remains a serious cause of preventable deaths, disability, and cost. Implementation of the new guidelines for stroke prevention in women is critical for reducing the burden of stroke in women.
Chromosomal abnormalities and autism; Background: Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by clinical, etiologic and genetic heterogeneity. Many surveys revealed cytogenetically visible chromosomal abnormalities in 7.4% of autistic patients documented as well as several submicroscopic variants. This study had been conducted to identify some aspects that might be involved in the pathogenesis of autism which is necessary for offering proper genetic counseling to families of autistic patients and their role in the prenatal diagnosis of autism. Methods: This cross sectional study was conducted at the Child Psychiatry Clinic, Pediatric Hospital, Ain Shams University on 30 autistic patients who were subjected to the following tools: Confirmation of diagnosis using DSM-IV-TR criteria, IQ assessment using Stanford-Binet intelligence scale and assessment of severity of autistic symptoms using childhood autism rating scale (CARS). Full clinical examination, neurological examination, EEG, audiological assessment were also done. High resolution karyotyping was done for detection of numerical or structural chromosomal abnormalities as deletion, duplication, translocation of chromosomes. Results: All the results of cytogenetic analysis were normal with no detectable numerical or structural chromosomal abnormalities. Males are affected more than females, only one case had history of drug intake (progestin), two cases had history of anti-D injection and two cases had history of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. Four cases had history of respiratory distress and seven cases had history of jaundice. Two cases had history of generalized tonic clonic convulsion and four cases had history of EEG abnormalities. Fifteen cases of our autistic patients had mild mental retardation and six cases had moderate mental retardation. Conclusion: Chromosomal abnormalities were not detected in the studied autistic children, and so the relation between the genetics and autism still needs further work up with different study methods and techniques.
Combined cardiotocographic and ST event analysis: A review; ST-analysis of the fetal electrocardiogram (ECG) (STAN®) combined with cardiotocography (CTG) for intrapartum fetal monitoring has been developed following many years of animal research. Changes in the ST-segment of the fetal ECG correlated with fetal hypoxia occurring during labor. In 1993 the first randomized controlled trial (RCT), comparing CTG with CTG + ST-analysis was published. STAN® was introduced for daily practice in 2000. To date, six RCTs have been performed, out of which five have been published. Furthermore, there are six published meta-analyses. The meta-analyses showed that CTG + ST-analysis reduced the risks of vaginal operative delivery by about 10% and fetal blood sampling by 40%. There are conflicting results regarding the effect on metabolic acidosis, much because of controveries about which RCTs should be included in a meta-analysis, and because of differences in methodology, execution and quality of the meta-analyses. Several cohort studies have been published, some showing significant decrease of metabolic acidosis after the introduction of ST-analysis. In this review, we discuss not only the scientific evidence from the RCTs and meta-analyses, but also the limitations of these studies. In conclusion, ST-analysis is effective in reducing operative vaginal deliveries and fetal blood sampling but the effect on neonatal metabolic acidosis is still under debate. Further research is needed to determine the place of ST-analysis in the labor ward for daily practice.
Troponin T and NT ProBNP Levels in Gestational, Type 1 and Type 2 Diabetic Mothers and Macrosomic Infants; This study compares NT proBNP and troponin T levels in umbilical cord arterial blood and postnatal echocardiographic findings for infants of gestational and pregestational diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. Twenty-seven infants of pregestational diabetic mothers, 61 infants of gestational diabetic mothers and 37 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers were prospectively enrolled in this study along with a control group of 58 healthy infants of mothers without any pregestational or gestational disorders as the control group. All enrollees were born after 34 weeks of gestation. For this study, umbilical cord blood was drawn during delivery to determine NT proBNP and troponin T levels. Echocardiography was performed 24–72 h after the delivery. Umbilical cord troponin T and NT proBNP levels were found to be higher in the diabetic and macrosomic groups than in the control group (all of them p < 0.001). NT proBNP levels were positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness in the pregestational and gestational infants of diabetic mothers groups (r = 0.564 and r = 0.560, respectively, p < 0.01). Both pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers were divided into two groups according to HbA1c levels in the third trimester as good (<6.1 %) and suboptimal (>6.1 %) metabolic control. In the good and suboptimal metabolic control diabetic groups, NT proBNP levels were also positively correlated with interventricular septum thickness (r = 0.536 and r = 0.576, respectively, p < 0.01). In the suboptimal metabolic control diabetic group, NT proBNP was only found to be positively correlated with the left ventricular mass index (r = 0.586, p < 0.01). While there was no correlation in the myocardial performance index between infants of diabetic mothers and the control group, the myocardial performance index of macrosomic infants was lower than that of the control group (p = 0.017). Cardiac biomarkers (NT proBNP and troponin T) were elevated in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants. While there was a positive correlation between NT proBNP levels and cardiac structure in infants of pregestational and gestational diabetic mothers, there was no relationship between NT proBNP levels and cardiac function.
Aplastic anemia associated with pregnancy: Maternal and fetal complications; Objective: To analyze obstetric complications associated with aplastic anemia (AA) among pregnant women and analyze the underlying factors.Methods: A retrospective analysis of 60 pregnancies with AA. Thirty four of these patients were grouped as complicated group having obstetric complications and the rest 26 without complications as the control group. Comparative analysis was conducted to access the related risk factors, which may affect the maternal and fetal complications.Results: The major maternal complications in this study were premature labor, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, acute heart failure, postpartum hemorrhage, and severe postpartum infection. Premature birth, fetal growth restriction and stillbirths accounted for 27.3%, 5.0% and 6.7% of prenatal mortality. Twenty six of patients had uncomplicated pregnancies. Patients without complications had higher mean hemoglobin concentration (75.38 ± 16.19 g/L) and platelet counts (23.92 ± 14.82 × 109 cells/L) than did women with complications (mean hemoglobin concentration, 61.47 ± 15.15 g/L, p = 0.001; mean platelet counts, 12.11 ± 7.87 × 109 cells/L, p < 0.001).Conclusion: Pregnancies associated with AA can carry the risk of multiple maternal and fetal complications. Low hemoglobin concentration and platelet counts may be the primary risk factors for obstetric complications in pregnancies associated with AA.
Twin pregnancy: Is it a risk factor for long-term cardiovascular disease?; Objective: To investigate whether twin pregnancy increases the risk for long-term maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD).Study design: A retrospective population-based cohort study compared the incidence of long-term CVD in a cohort of women with and without a previous twin delivery.Setting: Deliveries occurred between the years 1988 and 2012.Patients: Patients who had a twin birth between years 1988 and 2012 were included in the study, patient that had a singleton delivery included in the control group.Main outcome measures: CVD was divided into four categories according to severity and type. Kaplan-Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for CVD.Results: During the study period, there were 100 387 women that met the inclusion criteria, 4.6% (n = 4647) delivered twins at least once during the period. The incidence of CVD was 1% in women who had a twin delivery and 1.12% in women who had a singleton delivery. There was no difference in the cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations among women who had twin deliveries as compared with singletons. When performing a Cox proportional hazard model, a history of twin delivery did not increase the risk for long-term maternal cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted HR = 1.0, 95% CI = 0.8-1.1, p = 0.698).Conclusions: Twin pregnancy is not associated with an increased risk for long-term maternal CVD.
Insulin Aspart in the Management of Diabetes Mellitus: 15 Years of Clinical Experience; Limiting excessive postprandial glucose excursions is an important component of good overall glycemic control in diabetes mellitus. Pharmacokinetic studies have shown that insulin aspart, which is structurally identical to regular human insulin except for the replacement of a single proline amino acid with an aspartic acid residue, has a more physiologic time-action profile (i.e., reaches a higher peak and reaches that peak sooner) than regular human insulin. As expected with this improved pharmacokinetic profile, insulin aspart demonstrates a greater glucose-lowering effect compared with regular human insulin. Numerous randomized controlled trials and a meta-analysis have also demonstrated improved postprandial control with insulin aspart compared with regular human insulin in patients with type 1 or type 2 diabetes, as well as efficacy and safety in children, pregnant patients, hospitalized patients, and patients using continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion. Studies have demonstrated that step-wise addition of insulin aspart is a viable intensification option for patients with type 2 diabetes failing on basal insulin. Insulin aspart has shown a good safety profile, with no evidence of increased receptor binding, mitogenicity, stimulation of anti-insulin antibodies, or hypoglycemia compared with regular human insulin. In one meta-analysis, there was evidence of a lower rate of nocturnal hypoglycemia compared with regular human insulin and, in a trial that specifically included patients with a history of recurrent hypoglycemia, a significantly lower rate of severe hypoglycemic episodes. The next generation of insulin aspart (faster-acting insulin aspart) is being developed with a view to further improving on these pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic properties.
Recommendations of the Scientific Committee of the Italian Beckwith-Wiedemann Syndrome Association on the diagnosis, Management and follow-up of the syndrome; Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) is the most common (epi)genetic overgrowth-cancer predisposition disorder. Given the absence of consensual recommendations or international guidelines, the Scientific Committee of the Italian BWS Association (www.aibws.org) proposed these recommendations for the diagnosis, molecular testing, clinical management, follow-up and tumor surveillance of patients with BWS. The recommendations are intended to allow a timely and appropriate diagnosis of the disorder, to assist patients and their families, to provide clinicians and caregivers optimal strategies for an adequate and satisfactory care, aiming also at standardizing clinical practice as a national uniform approach. They also highlight the direction of future research studies in this setting. With recent advances in understanding the disease (epi)genetic mechanisms and in describing large cohorts of BWS patients, the natural history of the disease will be dissected. In the era of personalized medicine, the emergence of specific (epi)genotype-phenotype correlations in BWS will likely lead to differentiated follow-up approaches for the molecular subgroups, to the development of novel tools to evaluate the likelihood of cancer development and to the refinement and optimization of current tumor screening strategies. Conclusions: In this article, we provide the first comprehensive recommendations on the complex management of patients with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Similarities and differences between the risk factors for gestational hypertension and preeclampsia: A population based cohort study in south China; Objectives To compare the risk factors for gestational hypertension (GH) and preeclampsia (PE) in the same population, which may provide clues to better understanding of their etiologic mechanisms. Methods We conducted a cohort study in Liuyang, China, during 2010-2011. Twelve potential risk factors were investigated, including maternal age, body mass index at first antenatal visit, gender of newborn, parity, abortion history, smoking history, family history of hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, pregnancy complications of diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease, reproductive tract infection, season of delivery, and district level average per capita income. Logistic regression were used to estimate odds ratios for potential risk factors. Results Of 6223 pregnancies, 1.8% was complicated by PE, and 5.4% by GH. Maternal age older than 35, body mass index above 24, and pregnancy complicated with gestational diabetes mellitus increased the risk of both PE and GH, while with different effect sizes. Primiparity and deliver in winter and spring (compared with summer delivery) were risk factors for GH only. Pregnancy complicated with diabetes mellitus/renal disease/cardiac disease was risk factor for PE only. Significantly lower risk of GH was observed for women younger than 25 or with low body mass index in the first trimester. Mothers carrying a male fetus were more likely to develop PE. Conclusions Risk factors for GH and PE were not exactly the same. Underling those differences might be their different etiology and mechanism. To confirm the similarities and differences been found in single study, it is important to conduct investigation in other population.
Primary Prevention of Atherosclerotic Cardiovascular Disease in Women; Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (ASCVD) is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. Despite improvements in cardiovascular disease prevention efforts, there remain gaps in cardiovascular disease awareness among women, as well as age and racial disparities in ASCVD outcomes for women. Disparity also exists in the impact the traditional risk factors confer on ASCVD risk between women and men, with smoking and diabetes both resulting in stronger relative risks in women compared to men. Additionally there are risk factors that are unique to women (such as pregnancy-related factors) or that disproportionately affect women (such as auto-immune disease) where preventive efforts should be targeted. Risk assessment and management must also be sex-specific to effectively reduce cardiovascular disease and improve outcomes among women. Evidence supports the use of statin therapy for primary prevention in women at higher ASCVD risk. However, some pause should be given before prescribing aspirin therapy in women without known ASCVD, with most evidence supporting the use of aspirin for women ≥65 years not at increased risk for bleeding. This review article will summarize (1) traditional and non-traditional assessments of ASCVD risk and (2) lifestyle and pharmacologic therapies for the primary prevention of ASCVD in women.
Possible Common Aetiology behind Maternal Preeclampsia and Congenital Heart Defects in the Child: A Cardiovascular Diseases in Norway Project Study; Background The aetiology of congenital heart defects (CHD) is mostly unknown, but maternal factors may modify the infant risk of CHD. We investigated the association between maternal preeclampsia and offspring risk of severe CHD in a nation-wide cohort study. Methods Information on all births registered in the Medical Birth Registry of Norway, 1994-2009, was completed with information on CHD diagnoses from national health registries and the Cardiovascular Diseases in Norway Project (CVDNOR). Results Among 914 703 singleton births without chromosomal abnormalities, 32 864 (3.6%) were born after a pregnancy with preeclampsia. The preeclampsia was diagnosed before the 34th week of pregnancy (early-onset preeclampsia) in 2618 (8.0% of preeclamptic pregnancies). CHDs were diagnosed in 10 691 infants; of these, 2473 had severe CHD. The risk of severe CHD was compared between births with and without maternal preeclampsia and estimated with binomial log-linear regression. When adjusting for year of birth, maternal age, parity, and pregestational diabetes, the risk ratio (RR) for severe CHD in offspring of mothers with any preeclampsia was 1.3 [95% confidence interval (CI) 1.1, 1.5], and in pregnancies with early-onset preeclampsia, the RR was 2.8 (95% CI 1.8, 4.4). The association between early-onset preeclampsia and specific types of severe CHD was stronger for atrioventricular septal defects (AVSD), with adjusted RR 13.5 (95% CI 6.8, 26.8). Conclusions Early-onset preeclampsia was strongly associated with infant risk of severe CHD, specifically; the risk of AVSD was 15-fold higher if the mother was diagnosed with early-onset preeclampsia, suggesting common aetiological factors for early-onset preeclampsia and erroneous fetal heart development.
De novo headache during pregnancy and puerperium; Background: A conservative estimate is that approximately 5% of pregnancies are affected by de novo headache, that is, new-onset or new-type headache. Objectives: (1) Summarize the available literature, which is exclusively neurological, regarding de novo headache during the third trimester of pregnancy and puerperium; and (2) review the common pathologies of pregnancy and puerperium that may be relevant to de novo headache, with focus on the first and second trimester. We obtained the literature through a search of PubMed and references of the retrieved publications, without time limit. Results: Aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage and idiopathic intracranial hypertension occur at the same rate during pregnancy and puerperium as otherwise, but symptomatic intracranial hypertension due to dural venous-sinus thrombosis is increased during the third trimester and puerperium. Stroke occurrence, whether arterial or venous, does not seem increased during pregnancy and puerperium but when stroke does occur, it is mostly during the third trimester and puerperium. Immediate postpartum headache is commonly either tension- type headache or migraine; when due to spinal-fluid hypovolemia, apart from epidural or spinal anesthesia, a labor-related dural tear should be considered. Of the medical conditions associated with pregnancy, hypothyroidism, anemia, and hypertension may have to be considered as possible causes of de novo headache. Conclusion: De novo headache during pregnancy is relatively common and almost always leads to neurological referral.
Location matters: Left heart obstruction in pregnancy; Objectives Left heart obstruction in pregnancy is associated with higher rates of morbidity/mortality. The primary aim of this study was to evaluate maternal cardiovascular, obstetric, and fetal/infant events in pregnant women with left heart obstruction. Study design Pregnant women with current or repaired left heart obstruction were retrospectively analyzed (2000-2014): mitral stenosis, left ventricular outflow tract obstruction (subvalvar, valvar, supravalvar), and coarctation of the aorta. Maternal cardiovascular events were defined as: heart failure, arrhythmia, urgent/emergent cardiac surgery or percutaneous transcathter intervention, transient ischemic attack/cerebrovascular accident, and death up to 6 months postpartum. Results There were 90 pregnancies in 67 women (29 ± 7 years old) who had 15 maternal cardiovascular events. Isolated mitral stenosis (n = 6) or >1 serial left heart obstructive lesion (n = 6) were the source of the event in the majority pregnancies. Women with isolated mitral stenosis had increased cardiovascular events compared to other single left heart obstructive lesions (OR 18.6, 95% CI: 3.8-91.1). If >1 serial obstructive lesion was present, there was also an increased risk of maternal cardiovascular events (OR 6.8, 95% CI: 1.6-29.1), however isolated mitral stenosis carried similar risk to serial left heart obstructive lesions (OR 2.7, 95% CI: 0.7-11.2). Baseline characteristics associated with events included: New York Heart Association functional class >2 (27% vs. 0, p < 0.001), any current left heart obstruction (73% vs. 36%, p = 0.01), severe left heart obstruction (40% vs. 29%, p < 0.001), and higher Cardiac Disease in Pregnancy ("CARPREG") score (1.2 ± 0.7 vs. 0.5 ± 0.7, p = 0.01). There was no difference in rate of obstetric/fetal/infant complications in women with cardiovascular events; however, term birth weight was lower (2.7 ± 0.5 vs. 3.1 ± 0.6 kg, p = 0.01). There was no maternal mortality. Conclusions Isolated mitral stenosis and serial (>1) left heart obstructive lesions carry the highest risk of maternal cardiovascular events. We are the first to show higher event rates in women with serial left heart obstructive lesions. The data supports the need for specialized and experienced high-risk obstetric-cardiac teams to care for women with left heart obstruction, and demonstrates excellent outcomes in a complex cohort of pregnant women with all types of left heart obstruction.
Fetal heart rate and motor development in overweight and obese pregnant women; Objective To determine the relationship between maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI) and fetal cardiac and motor activity and integration during the second half of pregnancy. Methods Longitudinal data were collected from 610 nonsmoking women with normally progressing pregnancies at three gestational periods (24, 30-32, and 36 weeks) across eight cohorts studied between 1997 and 2013. Fifty minutes of fetal heart rate and motor activity data were collected at each period via actocardiography in a laboratory setting. Data were digitized and analyzed using customized software. Standard BMI categories were computed from maternal prepregnancy weight and height. Participants were stratified into normal weight (n = 401, 65.7%), overweight (n = 137, 22.5%), or obese (n = 72, 11.8%). Results Fetuses of obese women showed lower heart rate variability and fewer accelerations relative to fetuses of normal weight women. Fetuses of both obese and overweight women exhibited more vigorous motor activity than fetuses of normal weight women. Cardiac-somatic integration was reduced in both obese and overweight groups. Findings differed by gestational age at assessment. Conclusions Excess maternal prepregnancy weight in overweight and obese women alters the normal trajectory of fetal cardiac and motor development and their integration, with effects amplified as pregnancy progresses.
The role of maternal nutrition, metabolic function and the placenta in developmental programming of renal dysfunction; The intrauterine environment is critical for the development of the foetus. Barker and colleagues were the first to identify that adverse perturbations during foetal development are associated with an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood, including cardiorenal disease. Specifically for the kidney, perturbations in utero can lead to nephron deficits and renal dysfunction by a number of mechanisms. Altered programming of nephron number is associated with an increased risk of developing kidney disease via glomerular hypertrophy and reduced vasodilative capacity of the renal blood vessels; both of which would contribute to hypertension in adulthood, with males being more susceptible to disease outcomes. Additionally, alterations in the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) such as an upregulation or downregulation of specific receptors, depending on the nature of the insult, have also been implicated in the development of renal dysfunction. Sex-specific differences in the expression of the RAS during late gestation and in the early postnatal environment have also been identified. Extensive research has demonstrated that both uteroplacental insufficiency and maternal malnutrition alter renal development in utero. Equally, exposure to maternal diabetes and maternal obesity during development are also associated with an increased risk of developing renal disease, however, the mechanism behind this association is poorly understood. Therefore, identifying the link between an adverse intrauterine environment and the programmed kidney disease risk in adulthood may facilitate the development of strategies to alleviate the epidemics of cardiorenal disease worldwide, in addition to understanding why males are more susceptible to adult-onset cardiovascular diseases.
Early onset preeclampsia and cerebral palsy: A double hit model?; Background Cerebral palsy (CP) is a late sequel of pregnancy, and the role of preeclampsia is debatable. Objective The aims of this study were to determine the association between preeclampsia and cerebral palsy and to determine the risk factors for the development of cerebral palsy in these patients. Study Design A retrospective population-based cohort study was designed that included 229,192 singleton pregnancies. The study population was divided into 2 groups: (1) patients with preeclampsia (n = 9749) and (2) normotensive gestations (n = 219,443). Generalized Estimating Equation multiple logistic regression models were performed to study the associations among preeclampsia, small for gestational age, gestational age at delivery, and the risk factors for the development of cerebral palsy in neonates of women with preeclampsia. Results The rate of cerebral palsy was double in patients with preeclampsia than in the normotensive group (0.2% vs 0.1%; P =.015); early onset preeclampsia and small for gestational age were independent risk factors for the subsequent development of cerebral palsy (odds ratio, 8.639 [95% confidence interval, 4.269-17.480]; odds ratio, 2.737 [95% confidence interval, 1.937-3.868], respectively). A second model was conducted to determine the risk factors for the development of cerebral palsy in women with preeclampsia. Birth asphyxia, complications of prematurity, and neonatal infectious morbidity, but not small for gestational age or gestational age at delivery, were independent risk factors for the development of cerebral palsy. Conclusion In a comparison with normal pregnant women, the rate of cerebral palsy is double among patients with preeclampsia, especially those with early-onset disease. Early-onset preeclampsia is an independent risk factor for cerebral palsy. Among women with preeclampsia, the presence of neonatal infectious morbidity, birth asphyxia, and complications of prematurity are independent risk factors for the development of cerebral palsy, which further supports the role of a multi-hit model in the pathogenesis of this syndrome.
Association of comorbid and metabolic factors with optimal control of type 2 diabetes mellitus; Background: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is a poorly controlled epidemic worldwide that demands active research into mitigation of the factors that are associated with poor control. Aims: The study was to determine the factors associated with suboptimal glycemic control. Materials and Methods: Electronic medical records of 263 adult patients with T2DM in our suburban internal medicine office were reviewed. Patients were divided into two groups: Group 1 [optimal diabetes control with glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) of 7% or less] and Group 2 (suboptimal diabetes control with HbA1c greater than 7%). The influence of factors such as age, gender, race, social history, comorbid conditions, gestational diabetes, family history of diabetes, diabetes management, statin use, aspirin use, angiotensin convertase enzyme inhibitor (ACE-I) or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) use, body mass index (BMI), blood pressures, lipid profile, and urine microalbumin level were analyzed in the two groups. Results: In the suboptimal diabetes control group (N = 119), the majority (86.6%) of the patients were 41-80 years old. Factors associated with the suboptimal control were male gender [odds ratio (OR) 2.6, 95% confidence interval (CI), 1.579-4.321], Asian ethnicity (OR 1.4, 95% CI, 0.683-3.008), history of peripheral arterial disease (PAD; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), history of congestive heart failure (CHF; OR 3.9, 95% CI, 1.017-14.543), elevated triglycerides (OR 1.004, 95% CI, 1.000-1.007), and elevated urine microalbumin level of 30 mg/24 h or above (OR 4.5, 95% CI, 2.446-8.380). Patients with suboptimal diabetes control had a 3.8 times greater odds (95% CI, 1.493-6.885) of receiving the insulin and oral hypoglycemic agent together. Conclusions: In adult patients with T2DM, male gender, Asian ethnicity, CHF, PAD, management with insulin along with oral hypoglycemic agents, hypertriglyceridemia, and microalbuminuria were associated with suboptimal control.
Maternal Obesity: Lifelong Metabolic Outcomes for Offspring from Poor Developmental Trajectories During the Perinatal Period; The prevalence of obesity in women of reproductive age is increasing in developed and developing countries around the world. Human and animal studies indicate that maternal obesity adversely impacts both maternal health and offspring phenotype, predisposing them to chronic diseases later in life including obesity, dyslipidemia, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hypertension. Several mechanisms act together to produce these adverse health effects including programming of hypothalamic appetite-regulating centers, increasing maternal, fetal and offspring glucocorticoid production, changes in maternal metabolism and increasing maternal oxidative stress. Effective interventions during human pregnancy are needed to prevent both maternal and offspring metabolic dysfunction due to maternal obesity. This review addresses the relationship between maternal obesity and its negative impact on offspring development and presents some maternal intervention studies that propose strategies to prevent adverse offspring metabolic outcomes.
BMJ open safety of Tdap vaccine in pregnant women: An observational study; Objectives: Actively recruit and intensively follow pregnant women receiving a dose of acellular pertussis vaccine for 4 weeks after vaccination. Design and settings: A prospective observational study conducted in 2 New Zealand regions. Participants: Women in their 28th-38th week of pregnancy, recruited from primary care and antenatal clinics at the time of Tdap administration. Telephone interviews were conducted at 48 h and 4 weeks postvaccination. Main outcomes measures: Outcomes were injection site reactions, systemic symptoms and serious adverse events (SAEs). Where available, data have been classified and reported according to Brighton Collaboration definitions. Results: 793 women participated with 27.9% receiving trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine concomitantly. 79% of participants reported mild or moderate pain and 2.6% severe pain. Any swelling was reported by 7.6%, induration by 12.0% (collected from 1 site only, n=326), and erythema by 5.8% of participants. Fever was reported by 17 (2.1%) participants, 14 of these occurred within 24 h. Headache, dizziness, nausea, myalgia or arthralgia was reported by <4% of participants, respectively, and fatigue by 8.4%. During the study period, there were 115 adverse events in 113 participants, most of which were minor. At the end of the reporting period, 31 events were classified as serious (eg, obstetric bleeding, hypertension, infection, tachycardia, preterm labour, exacerbation of pre-existing condition and preeclampsia). All had variable onset time from vaccination. There were two perinatal deaths. Clinician assessment of all SAEs found none likely to be vaccine related. Conclusions: Vaccination with Tdap in pregnant women was well tolerated with no SAE likely to be caused by the vaccine.
Types of Congenital Anomalies among Families of Medical Students; Aim: To confirm the types of congenital anomalies and find out the relationship of dietary factors, addiction pattern, radiation exposure, genetic causes, infections, toxic substances, family history of any anomaly and consangunous marriages and to find the most common and most rare anomaly, their ratio in male and female babies and child mortality due to that anomaly among families of medical students of a Private Medical College Lahore. Study design: Cross-sectional descriptive. Study population and settings: Study was conducted among MBBS Medical students of all five years, of CMC Lahore. Duration was of three 3 months from June 2015 to August 2015. Results: This study was based on the Types of Congenital Anomalies in families of Medical Students of all 5 years. A sample of 100 students was selected with positive family history of anomalies in their families. According to the results obtained, the percentage of the diseases which were mentioned by students in decreasing order were Cleft Palate 16%, CVS Disorder 12%, Thalasemia 12%, Polydactyly 10%, Mental Retardation 10%, Down Syndrome and Turner Syndrome 9%, Limb Defects 6%, Congenital Deafness 5%, Macrocephaly 5% and Microcephaly 4%,Cleft lip 4%, Night Blindness 3% Congenital Cataract 2%, Anencephaly 1%,Micrognathia 1%. The rate of consanguinous marriages was 67% in 1st cousins, 23% in 2nd cousins and 10% out of family. Conclusion: From the results it is concluded that the students of CMC have a complete awareness about Congenital Anomalies. We got 100 positive cases of congenital anomalies in the families of medical students out of 500 students. The most common diseases seen were Thalassemia, CVS disorder and Cleft Palate. The most rare diseases are Micrognathia, Congenital Cataract and Anencephaly.
Growing trend of China's contribution to global diabetes research a systematic literature review; China, as a rapidly developing country with the largest population in the world, is playing an increasingly important role in diabetes research. There are >10,000 diabetes doctors who care for a large population of diabetic patients. The quantity and quality of research on diabetes from 3 major regions of China, incluDing Mainland China (ML), Taiwan (TW), and Hong Kong (HK), is unknown. We aimed to analyze the contributions of each of these 3 regions to diabetes research. Articles on diabetes originating from ML, TW, and HK that were published from 2005 to 2014 were retrieved from the Web of Science. The quantity of articles, citations, article types, and articles published in high-impact journals were analyzed. A total of 9302 articles were retrieved from the 3 regions of China. There were 6775 from ML, 1993 from TW, and 534 from HK, with an increasing trend in publications from2005 to 2014.After 2006, the number of publications from ML exceeded TWand HK. The largest total number of citations (48,296) was from ML. The highest mean citations, however, were from HK (15.90). PLoS One was the most popular journal in all 3 regions. The greatest number of RCTs, clinical trials, meta-analyses, and articles published in high-impact journals were from ML. There has been a significant increase in the number of articles published on diabetes research from China during the past 10 years. Most of the articles were published by authors in ML, and an increasing trend began in 2006. HK had the highest quality research output in terms of mean citations per article.
The causes of maternal mortality and associated risk factors in Khuzestan province (2009-2013); The maternal mortality rate (MMR) is one of the most important health indicators showing the socio-economic development of countries. Several direct and indirect factors are involved in increasing or decreasing MMR. The present study aimed at reviewing the causes of maternal mortality and avoidable factors in Khuzestan province during 2009-2013. In this descriptive study, 70 maternal mortality cases from March 2009 to March 2013 in Khuzestan province were studied. Data were collected from questionnaires and maternal mortality registration system. The mean age of death was 29.88 ± 6.46 years old. More than half of the mothers lived in urban areas. In 71.4% of cases, the mothers had high-risk pregnancies. Three main causes of maternal mortality were hemorrhage in 22 cases (31.4%), heart disease in 9 patients (12.9%) and unknown causes in 7 cases (10%). Seventy percent of maternal mortality occurred in the postpartum period. Family's delay in referral to health centers, delays in referrals and treatment were respectively observed in 48.6%, 42.9% and 65.7% of deaths. According to the results, hemorrhage was the main cause of maternal mortality. Nowadays, antibiotics, oxytocin and blood transfusion are used to prevent the incidence of such cases. Due to the high-risk pregnancy in the mothers, it is necessary to perform accurate pre-pregnancy care and consultation to delay or even prevent high-risk pregnancies.
Inhibition of cardiomyogenesis in embryocarcinoma cells induced by long- Term high level of glucose; Background/Aims: Cardiac myocytes constitute the first differentiated cell type during mammalian heart formation with the ability to beat spontaneously and rhythmically. Hyperglycemia is a primary risk factor for cardiovascular disease in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM). However, the impact that hyperglycemia has on cardiac progenitors or on precursors differentiation remains poorly understood. The aim of the present study is to investigate whether hyperglycemia affects cardiomyogenesis of embryocarcinoma cells. Methods: P19CL6 cells differentiation induced by 1% DMSO was evaluated under either normal glucose (5.6 mmol/L) or high level of glucose concentrations (20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L). To investigate the effect of long-term high level of glucose on cardiomyocytes differentiation, sarcomeric α-actinin, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor coactivator-1 (PGC-1α), transcription factor GATA4 and Nkx2.5 were assessed by qRT-PCR analysis, western blot and immunofluorescence. Results: We observed that long-term high level of glucose markedly reduced P19CL6 cells differentiation into cardiomyocytes. The change in PGC-1α expression was consistent with changes in cardiac muscle myosin expression after exposure to 20 mmol/L or 40 mmol/L of glucose. On the other hand, the high level of glucose concentration profoundly decreased both GATA4 and Nkx2-5 expressions from day 6 to day 12 after differentiation, which was induced by 1% DMSO. Conclusion: Our results elucidate that the effect resulting from the long-term exposure of cardiac progenitors to high level of glucose is associated with decreased expression of GATA4 and Nkx2.5, providing a novel mechanism by which high glucose is able to affect cell differentiation.
Macrosomia and haemodynamic instability may represent risk factors for subcutaneous fat necrosis in asphyxiated newborns treated with hypothermia; Aim: To identify additional risk factors other than asphyxia and hypothermia in newborns developing subcutaneous fat necrosis (SCFN). Methods: We conducted a prospective cohort study of all term asphyxiated newborns treated with hypothermia from 2008 to 2015. The presence and location of SCFN were recorded at the time of discharge or at follow-up visits. To identify the risk factors for developing SCFN, we compared the perinatal characteristics of those newborns who developed SCFN with those who did not. Results: The newborns developing SCFN had significantly higher birthweights compared with those newborns who did not develop SCFN. Among the newborns with a birthweight equal or superior to the 90th percentile, those who developed SCFN had a significantly higher use of inotropic support and higher maximum troponin levels during their initial hospitalisation. Conclusion: A higher birthweight represented an independent risk factor for developing SCFN in asphyxiated newborns treated with hypothermia. When macrosomia is present, other risk factors related to haemodynamic instability during the initial hospitalisation may also increase the risk of developing SCFN.
The impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in adult offspring of diabetic pregnancy is restored by maternal melatonin treatment; Diabetic pregnancy, with ever increasing prevalence, adversely affects embryogenesis and increases vasculometabolic disorder risks in adult offspring. However, it remains poorly understood whether maternal diabetes increases the offspring's susceptibility to heart injuries in adulthood. In this study, we observed that cardiac function and structure were comparable between adult offspring born to diabetic mice and their counterparts born to nondiabetic mice at baseline. However, in response to myocardial ischemia/reperfusion (MIR), diabetic mother offspring exhibited augmented infarct size, cardiac dysfunction, and myocardial apoptosis compared with control, in association with exaggerated activation of mitochondria- and endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-mediated apoptosis pathways and oxidative stress. Molecular analysis showed that the impaired myocardial ischemic tolerance in diabetic mother offspring was mainly attributable to blunted cardiac insulin receptor substrate (IRS)-1/Akt signaling. Furthermore, the effect of maternal melatonin administration on offspring's response to MIR was determined, and the results indicated that melatonin treatment in diabetic dams during pregnancy significantly improved the tolerance to MIR injury in their offspring, via restoring cardiac IRS-1/Akt signaling. Taken together, these data suggest that maternal diabetes predisposes offspring to augmented MIR injury in adulthood, and maternal melatonin supplementation during diabetic pregnancy may hold promise for improving myocardial ischemic tolerance in the offspring.
Paternal programming of offspring cardiometabolic diseases in later life; Early - intrauterine - environmental factors are linked to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. Traditionally, these factors are considered to be maternal factors such as maternal under and overnutrition, exposure to toxins, lack of micronutrients, and stress during pregnancy. However, in the recent years, it became obvious that also paternal environmental factors before conception and during sperm development determine the health of the offspring in later life. We will first describe clinical observational studies providing evidence for paternal programming of adulthood diseases in progeny. Next, we describe key animal studies proving this relationship, followed by a detailed analysis of our current understanding of the underlying molecular mechanisms of paternal programming. Alterations of noncoding sperm micro-RNAs, histone acetylation, and targeted as well as global DNA methylation seem to be in particular involved in paternal programming of offspring's diseases in later life.
Beta-testing a mobile health program designed to increase postpartum weight loss in women at elevated risk for cardiometabolic disease; Purpose: Postpartum women whose pregnancy conditions indicate elevated risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes can decrease risk via postpartum weight loss, yet traditional face-toface interventions are often unsuccessful. Our objective was to develop and iteratively test a theory-based mobile health (mHealth) program designed to help overweight/obese postpartum women reduce risk for cardiometabolic disease. Methods: The mHealth Fit After Baby program delivers daily evidence-based content, facilitates tracking of weight, diet, and steps, and provides weekly coaching. We initially conducted one round of alpha-testing among women with young children, focused primarily on generating reaction to various features in the app. We then conducted two rounds of beta-testing in postpartum women with the target pregnancy conditions, focused on usability, navigability, and acceptability. We analyzed use and feedback to make iterative changes before conducting subsequent rounds of testing. Results: Five women completed alpha testing, and changes made in response to feedback included improving the process of getting started, improving navigation, and adding daily reminders to use the app. Four women completed round one and 13 women completed round two of beta-testing, with mean age 33 (SD 4.5) years; BMI 34 (SD 6.4) kg/m2, 94% White and 6% Asian. Participants had a recent pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia (41%), pre-term delivery (35%), gestational hypertension (29%), gestational diabetes (29%), and/or SGA delivery (12%). We demonstrated an increase in participant satisfaction and in the number of coaching interactions from round 1 to round 2. The primary themes from feedback were to: 1) improve navigation through a different home screen; 2) add structure to coaching interactions; and 3) increase content focused on challenges faced by new mothers and on diet (including recipes) and exercise (including workouts). Conclusion: Through a process of iterative development and testing we were able to improve the mHealth Fit After Baby program in preparation for a larger randomized trial.
The impact of gestational diabetes in pregnant hypertensive women; Introduction: Women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction, preterm delivery (PTD), low birth weight (LBW), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes (GD) have increased risk of having cardiovascular disease (CV) throughout life. The objective of this work was to assess hypertensive pregnant women, referenced to hospital consultation in relation to the prevalence of GD and the impact of the occurrence of adverse events (AE) in pregnancy. Adverse events were considered: Low birth weight, Preterm delivery, preeclampsia (PE), fetal (FD), mother (MD) and/or neonatal death (ND). Materials and methods: Prospective and observational study. Sample: pregnant women with hypertension who performed Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring between January 2007 and June 2015. Pregnant women were excluded if they did not meet hypertension (HT) criteria. The follow-up took place until delivery (262 ± 28 days). Clinical cases and summary results: 139 pregnant, age 32±6 years. Of the 58 pregnant with gestational HT, 10 had GD in the current pregnancy, of 81 with chronic HT, 19 had GD. Statistical analysis of pregnant with/without GD is in the attached table. It was found that had GD in previous pregnancy was statistically significant in terms of AE in current pregnancy (X2: p=0.006). Analyzing the Kaplan-Meier survival curves, newborns with lower average birth weight, had worse survival curves (Log Rank 129.2, p<0.001), pregnant with previous GD versus no previous GD have a higher occurrence of AE during pregnancy (Log Rank 4.5, p=0,033). The GD in the current pregnancy wasn't associated with greater likelihood of AE (Log Rank 0.797, p=0.372). In a multivariate Cox analysis adjusted for potential confounders, the PE and the diastolic blood pressure in consultation were the most predictive of AE in the subgroup without DG - p=0.045 and 0.015, respectively. The reclassification test was carried out to 93.1% of pregnant with GD. Of these, 10.3% fulfilled criteria of Impaired Glucose Tolerance, which gives them an increased CV risk. Conclusion: The prevalence of gestational diabetes in the sample was 21%. In this sample, the previous gestational diabetes attended with an increased risk of adverse events. 10% of pregnant women with gestational diabetes in the current pregnancy had impaired glucose tolerance after delivery. (Table Presented).
A case of severe influenza leading to ards and preterm labour; Introduction: Influenza carries high risk of morbidity and mortality for pregnant women and their unborn children. There are risks of developing severe pneumonia, meningitis, encephalitis, septic shock and pregnancy complications such as pre term labour, lower birth weight and perinatal mortality. In the UK between 2009 and 2012 nearly one in ten women who die during pregnancy were due to flu. Universal flu vaccination is recommended in the UK. The reported vaccine effectiveness ranged from 50-60% in overall population. Flu vaccination to pregnant women is up to 92% effective in preventing flu in first 6 months of life. Inactivated influenza vaccine is safe in any trimester of pregnancy. If a pregnant woman is suspected of having influenza, it's important that she receive prompt antiviral treatment. Clinical cases and summary results: A 36 years old Indian woman, BMI 34, para1 (previous normal delivery at term), with history of hypothyroidism, had a flu jab at 6 weeks of gestation. The woman developed persistent cough at 26 weeks of gestation and was treated with amoxicillin by the GP. But her condition didn't improve. A throat swab was PCR +ve for influenza A. The patient was started on Oseltamivir. She was also diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus at 28 weeks. At 29 weeks she was admitted with pyrexia, tachypnoea, tachycardia, low O2 saturation of 93% in air, uterine contractions and spontaneous rupture of membrane. A chest X ray confirmed pneumonia. Patient was started on amoxicillin and clarithromycin along with Oseltamivir. Antenatal steroids were given. MgSo4 was administered for the foetus. In view of persistent pyrexia after discussion with a microbiologist amoxicillin was changed to merapenum. On speculum examination cervical os was 3cm dilated. But an ultrasound scan confirmed footling presentation. LSCS was performed under general anaesthesia. Patient was admitted to ICU with features of ARDS. After 4 days in the intensive care unit patient transferred to the ward. Baby was kept under close surveillance and it did not develop flu morbidity. Maternal condition gradually improved and after 7 days of delivery patient was discharged home. Conclusion: We noticed rapid deterioration of an influenza infected pregnant woman with development of pneumonia, ADRS and preterm labour, though, the mother did receive a flu shot early in pregnancy. The patient needed multidisciplinary intensive care to ensure optimum recovery for the mother and the baby.
A clinical study of the various factors predisposing to low birth weight in neonates born in a secondary care hospital in the coastal Udupi district of south India; Higher risk of infections, poor neurodevelopmental outcomes and morbidity is commonly associated with low birth weight (LBW) in neonates. Early identification of risk is an ongoing challenge for pediatricians. The current retrospective study screened 1232 neonates born over a period of one year in a secondary care hospital of south India. The study was designed to study the incidence, the causes and to profile the complications among the LBW neonates.124 of the total neonates were having LBW and of these 74% were females. The mode of delivery was caesarean section for 46% in contrast to 5% in normal birth weight babies. The maternal age was between 26-30 years for 50% cases and 52% of LBW babies were the first child to be born and 96% were singletons. 50% LBW babies were born at term and for 94% of them, the APGAR score recorded at one minute was 7. Our study reveals that majority of the LBW neonates are females and the postnatal complications have been minimum. The incidence of LBW neonates is less compared to the data from other parts of India.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy in a Pakistani cohort; Objective: To describe the demographics, risk factors, and clinical presentation in Pakistani patients with peripartum cardiomyopathy. Study Design: A descriptive observational study. Place and Duration of Study: Rawalpindi Institute of Cardiology, Rawalpindi, from June 2014 to June 2015. Methodology: Seventy patients meeting criteria of peripartum cardiomyopathy were included in the study. A detailed history, physical examination and investigations were done. Epidemiologic data, risk factors, New York Heart Association (NYHA) class and echocardiographic findings were recorded. Statistical analyses were done using SPSS version 19. Results: The mean age was 28.66 ±4.57 years. Mean parity and weight was 3.04 ±1.7 and 60.97 ±12.40 Kg, respectively. Fifty-five (78.6%) cases were diagnosed in the postpartum period. Thirty-three (50.8%) and 31 patients (44.7%) presented in NYHA - III and IV classes, respectively. Pregnancy-induced hypertension was seen in 16 (22.9%) cases, diabetes in 6 (8.6%), and twin pregnancy in 2 (2.9%) cases. The mean hemoglobin and brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) was 11.26 ±1.61 gm/dl and 1583.70 ±1237.65 pg/ml, respectively. Echocardiography showed mean ejection fraction of 21.74 ±7.45%. Left ventricle systolic and diastolic diameters were 53.71 ±9.74 mm and 63.37 ±8.48 mm, respectively. Conclusion: Peripartum cardiomyopathy was seen in younger women with higher parity and pregnancy induced hypertension, often manifesting in the postpartum period with NHYA class III and IV status.
Peptidome analysis of human milk from women delivering macrosomic fetuses reveals multiple means of protection for infants; Breastfeeding is associated with a lower incidence of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease later in life. While macrosomic infants have a higher risk of developing obesity and other metabolic disorders. Breast milk may contain special nutrients to meet the different growth needs of different infants. Whether mothers make breast milk different to meet the requirement of macrosomic infants is still unknown. Here, we conducted a comparison between mothers delivering macrosomic and non-macrosomic infants in colostrum endogenous peptides. More than 400 peptides, originating from at least 34 protein precursors, were identified by Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS). Out of these, 29 peptides found to be significant differently expressed (|fold change| ≥ 3, P < 0.01). Blastp analysis revealed 41 peptides may have established biological activities, which exhibit immunomodulating, antibacterial action, antioxidation, opioid agonist and antihypertensive activity. Furthermore, we found that peptide located at β-Casein 24-38 AA has antimicrobial effect against E. coli, Y. enterocolitica and S. aureus. While, κ-Casein 89-109 AA-derived peptide plays as a regulator of preadipocyte proliferation. The profile of endogenous peptides from macrosomic term infants is different from non-macrosomic terms. This different peptide expression potentially has specific physiological function to benefit macrosomic infants. Finally, we believe that our research is a meaningfull finding which may add to the understanding of milk peptide physiological action.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus and Future Cardiovascular Risk: An Update; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus is increasing in parallel with the rising prevalence of type 2 diabetes and obesity around the world. Current evidence strongly suggests that women who have had gestational diabetes mellitus are at greater risk of cardiovascular disease later in life. Given the growing prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus, it is important to identify appropriate reliable markers of cardiovascular disease and specific treatment strategies capable of containing obesity, diabetes, and metabolic syndrome in order to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease in the women affected.
Helicobacter pylori and type 2 diabetes mellitus: Searching for the links; The incidence and prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus is considered to be one of the most critical problems in the healthcare system. The pathophysiology of the disease has proven to be complicated and multiple factors are involved in its development. Recently Helicobacter pylori was proposed as a new risk factor for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus as well as other disease. This study is a review of the current data involving Helicobacter pylori association with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications.
Anti-mullerian hormone levels are not associated with vascular complications in pregnancies among infertile women; Introduction: Hypertensive disease during pregnancy is considered an early manifestation of cardiovascular disease. Recent data have linked low maternal AMH levels with hypertensive diseases during pregnancy. Cohort and case control studies have found that women who develop gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are more likely to have lower AMH in the first trimester and at the time of diagnosis of the hypertensive disorder compared to normotensive pregnant controls. It has been suggested that compromised vascular health could act as a causative mechanism in early ovarian aging. The relationship between ovarian aging and vascular complications in pregnancy has not been evaluated among infertile women. Objective: To determine the association of serum AMH levels and vascular complications in pregnancy among the Assessment of Multiple Intrauterine Gestations after Ovarian Stimulation (AMIGOS) participants. Methods: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial. 223 live births resulted after randomization to letrozole, clomiphene or gonadotropins with insemination in women with unexplained infertility. 220 subjects had serum AMH levels measured at baseline. Vascular complications were defined as preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction or placental abruption. Low AMH was defined as AMH levels <1.2 ng/ml. Odds ratios were used to compare vascular complications among cases and controls and logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between AMH and vascular complications, after adjusting for age, ethnicity, BMI, nulliparity, new partner, multifetal gestations, diabetes, gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension. Results: 35 subjects experienced vascular complications. The cases were more likely to be older, nulliparous and have a new partner, multifetal gestation, gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension compared to controls (p<0.05). There was no difference in the incidence of vascular complications among subjects with low AMH and subjects with normal AMH (18.8% vs. 14.5%, OR 1.26 (95% CI 0.32-1.71, p=0.476)). Logistic regression showed no association with AMH and vascular complications (adjusted OR 0.94 (95% CI 0.77-1.15, p=0.571)). Conclusions: In women with diminished ovarian reserve and unexplained infertility, low AMH was not associated with an increased risk of vascular complications in pregnancy. Further research is necessary to understand the relationship between early ovarian aging and vascular health.
Rapid development of nephrocalcinosis in a 4 week-old infant with idiopathic infantile hypercalcemia; Background:Idiopathic infantile hypercalcemia (IIH) is characterized by failure to thrive, hypercalcemia, hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis. Recently, mutations in the CYP24A1 gene have been identified as a cause of IIH, although in many cases of IIH, the etiologic mechanism is still unclear. Clinical Case:A 27 day-old female infant presented with failure to thrive, hypotonia, and dehydration. She was born large for gestational age to a diabetic mother. She had transient hypoglycemia during postnatal period and a normal renal ultrasound at 4 days old. She was breast fed initially, then changed to infant formula with 400 IU/day supplemental vitamin D. She had 316 gram weight loss from her birth weight, microcephaly, and no subcutaneous fat necrosis. The maternal grandfather had a history of nephrolithiasis. She had hypercalcemia (15.8 mg/dL; nl 8-10.5), normal albumin (3.5 g/dL; nl 2.1-4.5), phosphorus (5.7 mg/dL; nl 4.2-6.5), magnesium (1.6 mg/dL; nl 1.5-2.6), and alkaline phosphatase (141 U/L; nl 60-350). Her BUN (26 mg/dL; nl 4-15) and creatinine (0.71 mg/dL; nl 0.1-0.3) were elevated. She had hypercalciuria (urine Ca/Cr ratio 2.12) with suppressed PTH (<4 pg/mL), ruling out neonatal hyperparathyroidism. Her 25 hydroxyvitamin D (25-OHD) was sufficient (36 ng/mL), but 1,25 dihydroxy vitamin D was elevated (111 pg/mL; nl 10-72). She had normal thyroid and vitamin A levels. An echocardiogram was normal, and chromosomal microarray ruled out William's Syndrome. Her PTH-related peptide was slightly elevated (41 pg/mL; nl 14-27), felt to be due to her renal insufficiency, but trended down 12 days later (34 pg/mL). A repeat renal ultrasound at 29 days old showed bilateral nephrocalcinosis. Serum 24, 25 dihydroxyvitamin D was normal at 2.9 ng/mL (Mayo Lab) with simultaneous 25-OHD of 23 ng/mL, thus 24-hydroxylase deficiency was unlikely. She responded well to fluid hydration, furosemide, low-calcium formula with no supplemental vitamin D, and calcitonin (3 IU/kg every 6 hours weaned off over 10 days) with improved calcium level (10.8 mg/dL after 48 hours), muscle tone and renal function. She gained weight at age 3 months follow up with improved head growth. Repeat calcium off of furosemide at age 5 months was 9.6 mg/dL. Conclusion:This case illustrates early onset hypercalcemia due to IIH resulting in failure to thrive, microcephaly and hypotonia. The repeat renal ultrasound in this case demonstrates rapid development of nephrocalcinosis over 25 days. Further studies are needed to identify genetic or physiological defect in vitamin D metabolism in this patient.
Screening for diabetes mellitus in patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus: A comparison of practice patterns and adherence to the recommended guidelines in community teaching hospitals; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is glucose intolerance discovered in the first trimester of pregnancy or fulfilling the standard diagnostic criteria for diabetes mellitus (DM) in the second or third trimester of pregnancy. The prevalence of GDM in the US is approximately 4-14% with almost a quarter of a million cases diagnosed annually. Screening for GDM is necessary to prevent maternal and fetal complications such as pre-eclampsia, cesarean section, macrosomia, fetal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, and poor feeding. Women who have a history of GDM are at risk to develop overt DM, cardiovascular disease, and recurrent GDM in subsequent pregnancies. Their children are at risk to develop obesity, glucose intolerance, and overt DM later in life.Progression of GDM to DM Type 2 ranges from 5-50% and occurs 5-10 years post-partum. The American Diabetes Association & Endocrine Society recommend screening 6-12 weeks post-partum and annually thereafter for impaired fasting glucose or every 3 years lifelong for normal results. It is imperative that the diagnosis is made at a timely manner to help prevent micro- and macrovascular complications of DM. The goal of this study was to identify and compare the practice patterns of primary physicians and obstetrician-gynecologists in community hospital-associated teaching clinics that screen for DM in women diagnosed to have GDM. We hypothesized that those patients with a history of GDM are underscreened for the development of DM post-partum. A retrospective chart review was performed of all reproductive age women, age 15-44 years, diagnosed with GDM alone or in combination with pre-DM or DM Type 2, seen in multiple outpatient clinic settings, such as the internal medicine resident teaching clinics and the obstetric-gynecology clinics, over five years from 2011 to 2015, at MedStar Union Memorial Hospital, MedStar Good Samaritan Hospital, MedStar Harbor Hospital, and MedStar Franklin Square Hospital. Of 692 women who fit the criteria, we found that the average age of women included in the study was 28.6 years, predominantly of Caucasian descent (39 women or 57.4% of the population). With respect to treatment, 65 (9.4%) were managed with diet and exercise; 27 (3.9%) and 9 (1.3%) required oral therapy, such as Metformin or Glyburide, and insulin, respectively. Only 8 women (1.2%) were screened for DM postpartum. The rest were not screened or were lost to follow-up. From available data, 124 (17.9%) of women subsequently developed DM Type 2 and 3 (0.4%) developed Pre-DM. Some of the comorbidities found included hypertension and obesity. The study showed that many women were either not screened properly or were not screened at all for DM post-pregnancy or were lost to follow-up.
Serum concentrations of 25-hydroxy-vitamin d at 11-14 gestational weeks in pregnancies that developed gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To examine maternal serum concentrations of 25-hydroxy vitamin D (vit-D) at 11- 14 gestational weeks in pregnancies that developed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to normal pregnancies. Methods: Case control study including 40 GDM cases and 94 controls. VitD, biophysical and biochemical markers and maternal-pregnancy characteristics were analyzed. Results: Maternal age (p=0.002) and body weight (BW) (p=0.009) were significantly higher in pregnant women with GDM than in control pregnant women. A significantly higher proportion of women with GDM were parous (p=0.005) and smokers (p=0.028). Vit-D levels did not differ among GDM (19.6 ng/ml) and normal pregnancies (19.9 ng/ml) (p=0.8191). The detection range was 3.00 - 70.0 ng/ml. Correlational analysis (Pearson's rho) demonstrated that Vit - D was not correlated with delta values for fetal heart rate (d-FHR) (p=0.395), delta values for fetal nuchal translucency (d-NT) (P=0.283), log10 MoM Pregnancy Associated Plasma Protein - A (PAPP-A) (p=0.798) and z- BW (p=0.06). Interestingly, Vit - D was positively associated with log10 MoM free p-human chorionic gonadotrophin (free-βhCG) (r=0.187, p=0.046). The sterol was not related to Glu0 or Glu60 in neither the GDM nor the control groups. However, Vit - D had a significant negative association with Glu 120 in the GDM group (regression coeff=-0.086657, p=0.05, R2 =0.1011). Conclusion: In pregnancies that develop GDM, maternal serum levels of Vit-D at 11-14 weeks of gestation are not different from control pregnant women. Vit - D, however, is positively associated with free-βhCG and Glu120 and these relations warrant further investigation. The hypothesis that Vit - D deficiency is present in a subgroup of GDM women with higher Glu120 values should be tested.
Development of a risk score for predicting hypertension in women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with increased maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk manifest as hypertension subsequent to pregnancy ( 1 , 2). The impacts of dysglycemia and race/ethnicity on hypertension risk have been examined (3); however, the study of other putative risk factors has been limited. Hypothesis We hypothesize that GDM and gestational dysglycemia are sufficiently predictive of hypertension subsequent to pregnancy and that a risk score based on degree of dysglycemia can be used to identify at-risk patients. Methods We examined a cohort of 23,223 women who presented for prenatal care to the Massachusetts General Hospital Obstetrical Department between September 1998 and January 2007. We selected women, ages 18 to 40 years, free of CVD or pre-GDM, with complete glycemic and demographic data who delivered a singleton, live birth. Each woman's initial pregnancy was selected in order to not violate the independence assumption. The population was stratified by incident hypertension subsequent to pregnancy. Logistic regression models (with and without stepwise selection) were used to identify significant maternal risk factors based on their predictive performance. Finally, the risk prediction score was developed from p-coefficients in multivariable Weibull models. Results The study sample comprised of 11,161 women; 547 (4.9%) women developed hypertension during 4.2 years (median) follow-up. Significant predictors of hypertension included age, body mass index, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, parity, dysglycemia, and race/ethnicity. These factors were used to develop a risk score for subsequent hypertension risk. The final risk score achieved a c-statistic of 0.76, indicating moderate discriminative ability. Conclusions We developed a risk score that may be used to identify patients with an elevated risk of hypertension subsequent to a pregnancy complicated by dysglycemia. Further external validation is warranted to determine clinical effectiveness.
The etiology of cardiac hypertrophy in infants; Background and aims Cardiac hypertrophy (CH) in infants is a rare and heterogeneous disease. Unfortunately, the etiology remains often idiopathic. The pathophysiology in infants is different from CH developing later in childhood. Aim is to investigate etiologies, association with hyperinsulinism, and prognosis of CH in infants. Methods This single center retrospective study included all infants born between 2005-2014 with echocardiographically measured CH ((diastolic interventricular septum(IVSd) or left ventricular posterior wall (LVPWd) with Z-score ≥ 2.0)). Infants with CH by congenital heart disease (CHD) or hypertension were excluded. Underlying diagnosis, association with hyperinsulinism and follow-up were evaluated. Results CH was reported in 205/6941 echocardiograms. After exclusion of 141 infants with Z-scores <2.0 (n=72), CHD (n=56) or hypertension (n=13), 64 remained eligible for analyses. In two-thirds (n=44;69%) an etiology was identified. Malformation syndromes (n=21;33%) and maternal diabetes (n=13;20%) were most common. Sarcomeric- (n=4;6%), metabolic- (n=3;5%) and neuromuscular disease (n=1;2%), and congenital hyperinsulinism (n=2;3%) were less common. In half of the identified causes etiology was associated with hyperinsulinism (n=21;33%). CH by hyperinsulinism was significantly diagnosed earlier, had lower LVPWd thickness, higher IVSd:LVPWd ratio and normalized more often and faster than CH without hyperinsulinism (all p<0.05). Metabolic disease, sarcomeric disease and malformation syndromes resulted in higher mortality and worse survival than maternal diabetes, congenital hyperinsulinism, neuromuscular disorders or idiopathic causes. Conclusions An etiology can be identified in most infants with CH. Hyperinsulinism is a causative factor in the development of CH in many infants. Echocardiographic variables may distinguish between different causes of CH. Prognosis depends on the underlying cause.
Increased expression of cardiotrophin-1 in fetal macrosomia; Background and aims The heart-secreted chemokine cardiotrophin-1 (CT-1) plays a fundamental role in fetal heart development and is up-regulated by hypoxia and inflammation. CT-1 exerts a potent hypertrophic action on cardiac cells and is actively involved in cardiovascular pathology. Excessive fetal growth represents a chronic hypoxic and inflammatory state and is associated with cardiac hypertrophy and increased cardiovascular risk in later life. We aimed to investigate cord blood cardiotrophin-1 concentrations at birth in large-forgestational- age-(LGA), as compared to appropriate-for-gestationalage-( AGA) controls, and associate them with various perinatal parameters. Methods CT-1 concentrations were prospectively determined by ELISA in 80 cord blood samples from full-term singleton LGA (n=40) and AGA (n=40) pregnancies. Neonates were classified as LGA or AGA based on customized birth weight standards, adjusted for significant determinants of fetal growth. Results Cord blood CT-1 concentrations were markedly increased in LGA than AGA pregnancies (b=0.95, 95%CI 0.06-0.13, p<0.001). Cord blood CT- 1 concentrations were up-regulated in cases of vaginal delivery (b=0.129, 95% CI 0.020-0.238, p=0.022). No association was recorded between fetal cardiotrophin-1 and maternal age, parity, gestational age or fetal gender. Conclusions Cord blood CT-1 concentrations are higher in LGA pregnancies at birth, probably representing a candidate molecular mechanism underlying the association between fetal macrosomia and later cardiovascular disease. Vaginal delivery-associated inflammation may account for higher fetal CT-1 concentrations.
Infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes; Background and aims Gestational diabetes (GD) takes the leading place in the structure of morbidity from gestational diabetes among pregnant women. The study of Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes conducted in 2000- 2006 showed that diagnostic criteria of GD require a revision. In 2013 new diagnostic criteria were accepted for GD according to which the threshold value of dried venous blood were decreased to<5.1 mmol/l. The aim of this study was to compare early adaptation and the health of newborns to mothers with GD depending on diagnostic criteria. Methods Our study enrolled 719 babies born to mothers with GD, 154 of them were born in 2013 (Group I) and 565 babies born in 2015 (Group II). The majority of babies were born to mothers with GD: 121 - in Group1 (78.6%) and 547 babies (89%) - in Group II. Results In Group I fetopathy was diagnosed in 6 babies (3.9%); 105 newborns were discharged home; in 43 (7.6%) - had respiratory distress syndrome, congenital heart disease, intraventricular hemorrhage (IVF), hyperbilirubinemia, infectious pathology. In Group II the rate if fetopathy was 0.1% (5 babies), which is significantly lower than in Group I (p<0.00001). 482 newborns were discharged home; 70 babies (12.4%) needed treatment. Conclusions Thus, change of diagnostic criteria for GD decreased the number of babies with severe fetopathy, however the morbidity of newborns still remains high.
Incidental finding of a giant intracardiac angioma infiltrating both ventricles in a 35-year-old woman: A case report; Background: Primary cardiac tumors are rare and often asymptomatic or present with unspecific symptoms. Benign cardiac tumors of vascular origin are especially rare, with only few existing data in the literature. Case presentation: A 35-year-old Caucasian female patient presented to our department with an asymptomatic giant intracardiac angioma infiltrating both ventricles. Evaluation of this tumor involved electrocardiography, echocardiography, cardiac magnetic resonance imaging, coronary angiography, an open myocardial biopsy, and histological examination of the resected specimen. Because our patient was asymptomatic, she was managed conservatively with regular follow-up. We discuss the treatment options available in comparison with similar cases. Conclusion: Diagnosis and therapy of benign cardiac tumors, especially of asymptomatic lesions, can be a challenge. There is no evidence available to help in the management of such patients. An extensive evaluation is needed with different imaging modalities, and case-specific decisions should be made that involve experts in cardiology, cardio-oncology, and heart surgery.
Altered DNA methylation in neonates born large-for-gestationalage is associated with cardiometabolic risk in children; Background: Infants being born Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) are prone to developing cardiometabolic disease. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Results: Clinical investigation showed that children born LGA had significantly higher serum level of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoproteincholesterol (LDL-c), and insulin, ratio of TC/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) compared to children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Birth weight (BW) was positively correlated to TC, LDL-c, and the ratio of TC/ HDL in serum. Genome-wide DNA methylation analyzed in umbilical cord blood of controls and macrosomia cases. We identified 3459 methylation variable positions (MVPs) achieving genome-wide significance (adjusted P-value < 0.05) with methylation differences of ≥ 5%. A total of 327 MVPs were filtered by methylation differences of ≥ 7% located within an island, which mapped to 213 genes. Function analysis using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis showed 16 genes enriched in "cardiovascular disease". Four genes included contributed to hyperlipidemia. Materials And Methods: Fifty-eight children aged 3-6 years born LGA and 123 subjects born AGA were enrolled. Anthropometric parameters and blood pressure (BP) were measured, and metabolic assessment was performed in all subjects. Genomewide DNA methylation in umbilical blood was assayed by the 450K BeadChip in six AGA and six macrosomia newborns. Conclusions: Our data indicate that excess birth weight may increase the risk of lipid dysfunction in children aged 3-6 years. It might through reprogramming a group of genes correlated to cardiovascular disease. The genes identified in this study might be potential biomarker for cardiometabolic disease.
Altered DNA methylation in neonates born large-for-gestational-age is associated with cardiometabolic risk in children; Background: Infants being born Large-for-gestational-age (LGA) are prone to developing cardiometabolic disease. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. Results: Clinical investigation showed that children born LGA had significantly higher serum level of total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-c), and insulin, ratio of TC/high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) compared to children born appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Birth weight (BW) was positively correlated to TC, LDL-c, and the ratio of TC/HDL in serum. Genome-wide DNA methylation analyzed in umbilical cord blood of controls and macrosomia cases. We identified 3459 methylation variable positions (MVPs) achieving genome-wide significance (adjusted P-value < 0.05) with methylation differences of ≥ 5%. A total of 327 MVPs were filtered by methylation differences of ≥ 7% located within an island, which mapped to 213 genes. Function analysis using Ingenuity Pathway Analysis showed 16 genes enriched in "cardiovascular disease". Four genes included contributed to hyperlipidemia. Materials And Methods: Fifty-eight children aged 3-6 years born LGA and 123 subjects born AGA were enrolled. Anthropometric parameters and blood pressure (BP) were measured, and metabolic assessment was performed in all subjects. Genome-wide DNA methylation in umbilical blood was assayed by the 450K BeadChip in six AGA and six macrosomia newborns. Conclusions: Our data indicate that excess birth weight may increase the risk of lipid dysfunction in children aged 3-6 years. It might through reprogramming a group of genes correlated to cardiovascular disease. The genes identified in this study might be potential biomarker for cardiometabolic disease.
Gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for development of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects approximately 1-18% of all pregnant women, but it depends on the used diagnostic criteria and ethnicity. Women with a history of GDM are prone to future development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life. It is known that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of type 2 diabetes. As a result, a growing number of women are now at increased risk of developing T2DM. Opportunities for prevention or diagnosis of diabetes in women with a history of GDM include screening in the early postpartum period. The diagnosis "Gestational diabetes mellitus" requires long term follow up of the disorders in glucose metabolism in order to prevent and avoid the development of diabetes and other metabolic disorders, associated with cardiovascular disease. Postpartum attention to women with a history of GDM should be directed to promotion and education of the mother on healthy eating, physical activity planned with an accent on reducing body weight, breastfeeding and smoking cessation.
Gender-specific emerging cardiovascular risk factors and evaluation of the individual cardiovascular risk score; Introduction: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is still nowadays the main cause of death and disability among people worldwide, despite the efforts made for its prevention, it is actually more common in women. Besides the traditional CVD risk factor (CVDRF), new potentially independent sex-related CVDRF exclusive to women are emerging. Disorders of pregnancy like gestational hypertension and diabetes, endocrine pathologies such as PCOS and premature menopause, and rheumatic diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis and fibromialgia, are recognised by the literature to accelerate the development of CVD. Materials and methods: Our observational study was conducted on 238 women without previous pathologic cardiovascular events in their life, aged 40-69 years, who attended the Menopause and Osteoporosis Centre of the University of Ferrara. We assessed their Individual CVD Risk Score (ICVDS) using Cuore.exe software, on the basis of their clinical history, anthropometric measures and latter blood cholesterol and glycemic values. Subsequently, we made a counselling about the significance of score, promoting a healthy lifestyle and organizing a follow-up. Results: The sample was made of 238 patients, with mean age 57 years and mean ICVDS 1.77%. 67% were postmenopausal women, characterized by an average ICVDS of 2.2%, while the remnants premenopausal women had a mean ICVDS of 0.9%. The higher the body mass index (BMI) and abdominal circumference values, and the higher were their ICVDSs. The average ICVDS of patients affected by a rheumatic disorder (4.6%) was significantly higher than mean ICVDS of healthy women. Moreover 8.4% of patients were affected in the past by gestational diabetes mellitus or by pre-eclampsia and its average ICVS was slightly, even if not significantly, higher than that of people without obstetrics CVDRF. Conclusions: A more favorable lipid profile and lower levels of blood glucose, mean blood pressure, BMI and ICVDSs than rational mean values characterized our sample. Postmenopausal patients and women who had obstetrics and rheumatic CVDRF, demonstrate to have a higher ICVDS than otherwise healthy patients, and the values were statistical significantly in the second subgroup.
Jarcho-levin syndrome : A case report; Introduction: The Jarcho-Levin Syndrom or autosomal recessive spondylo costal dysostosis (ARSD) is a rare disease of varying severity, due to defective segmentation of the vertebrae and ribs, The incidence and prevalence are unknown. Purpose: Prenatal diagnosis by ultrasound can be done as early as 16 weeks of gestation after conception. Management should aim at aggressive neonatal care, prevention and apt treatment of respiratory infections. Observation: This is the case of a male new born admitted at birth for immediate respiratory distress. Born following term pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes, born by cesarean due to macrosomia. Immediately intubated and ventilated for respiratory insufficiency. Clinically it presents: a short neck and reduced mobility, a short thorax and a small size. Thorax radiographic examination revealed hemivertebrae and deformities of the ribs. Echocardiography revealed a pulmonary stenosis with PAH. The evolution was marked by the appearance of a junctional tachycardia requiring the use of cordarone and a failure of the weaning machine. Conclusion: The ARSD can be responsible for respiratory failures, which could be severe, leading to a life-threatening risk during the first year of life. Prenatal diagnosis is possible using ultrasound. The diagnosis is clinical and can be supported by an ultrasound examination and x-rays of the spine.
Mitochondrial function and glucose metabolism in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus: Role of miR-143; A predisposing factor for development of the hyperglycaemic state of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is obesity. We previously showed that increasing maternal obesity is associated with significant reductions in placental mitochondrial respiration. MicroRNA (miR)-143 has been previously shown to regulate the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in cancer tissues. We hypothesized that mitochondrial respiration is reduced and aerobic glycolysis is up-regulated via changes in miR-143 expression in the placenta of women with GDM. Placental tissue was collected at term from women with A1GDM (controlled by diet), A2GDM (controlled by medication) and body mass index (BMI)-matched controls (CTRL). miR-143 expression was measured by RT-PCR. Expression of mitochondrial complexes, transcription factors peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ co-activator 1α (PGC1α) and peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ (PPARγ ), components of mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signalling, glucose transporter GLUT1 and glycolytic enzymes [hexokinase-2 (HK-2), phosphofructokinase (PFK) and lactate dehydrogenase (LDH)] were measured by Western blot. Trophoblast respiration was measured by XF24 Analyser. Expression of miR-143, mitochondrial complexes, and PPARγ and PGC1α, which act downstream of miR-143, were significantly decreased in A2GDM placentae compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P < 0.01). Placental hPL (human placental lactogen) levels, expression of glycolytic enzymes, GLUT1 and mTOR signalling were also significantly increased by more than 2-fold in A2GDM compared with A1GDM and CTRL (P < 0.05). There was a 50% reduction in mitochondrial respiration in trophoblast cells isolated from A2GDM placentae. Overexpression of miR-143 was able to increase mitochondrial respiration, increase protein expression of mitochondrial complexes and decrease expression of glycolytic enzymes by 40% compared with A2GDM. Down-regulation of miR-143 mediates the metabolic switch from oxidative phosphorylation to aerobic glycolysis in placenta of women with A2GDM.
Maternal obesity in females born small: Pregnancy complications and offspring disease risk; Obesity is a major public health crisis, with 1.6 billion adults worldwide being classified as overweight or obese in 2014. Therefore, it is not surprising that the number of women who are overweight or obese at the time of conception is increasing. Obesity during pregnancy is associated with the development of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis proposes that perturbations during critical stages of development can result in adverse fetal changes that leads to an increased risk of developing diseases in adulthood. Of particular concern, children born to obese mothers are at a greater risk of developing cardiometabolic disease. One subset of the population who are predisposed to developing obesity are children born small for gestational age, which occurs in 10% of pregnancies worldwide. Epidemiological studies report that these growth-restricted children have an increased susceptibility to type 2 diabetes, obesity, and hypertension. Importantly during pregnancy, growth-restricted females have a higher risk of developing cardiometabolic disease, indicating that they may have an exacerbated phenotype if they are also overweight or obese. Thus, the development of early pregnancy interventions targeted to obese mothers may prevent their children from developing cardiometabolic disease in adulthood.
68th AACC Annual Scientific Meeting Abstracts; The proceedings contain 662 papers. The topics discussed include: vitamin D status of women with risk factors for gestational diabetes mellitus in Abuja, Nigeria; microRNA-218 is a prognostic indicator in colorectal cancer and enhances 5-fluorouracil-induced apoptosis by targeting BIRC5; method comparison improvements: a case study using serum free light chain; multicenter evaluation supports accuracy of the Beckman coulter gram-negative identification product with improved database for clinically significant bacteria; correlation of anti-pneumococcal capsular polysaccharide IgM, IgG and IgA specific antibodies in adult blood donors; multicenter evaluation of vancomycin MIC Results at 18 hours for staphylococci and enterococci using microscan dried overnight performance evaluation device panel; a comparison of two compact nucleic acid extractors, the Qiagen EZ1 advanced XL and the Roche Magnapur compact; a queuing model analysis to evaluate the impact of high-sensitive troponin I on emergency department management metrics; autoantibodies against CD74 - a new diagnostic marker for spondyloarthritis; correlation between age and semen quality in healthy Brazilian men; and association between umbilical cord blood volume and CD34 positive cells.
Sex-related emerging cardiovascular risk factors and evaluation of the individual cardiovascular risk score; Objective: Cardiovascular disease (CVD), the main cause of death worldwide, has a higher prevalence in women and recent evidence show that beside the traditional CVD risk factors (CVDRF) new potentially independent gender-specific CVDRF, such as obstetric, reproductive endocrine and rheumatic disorders, could accelerate the development of CVD. Since appropriate strategies for the improvement of high-risk women early identification must be created, we calculated the individual CVD risk scores (ICVDS) in a population of climacteric patients and we analysed them according to the pre-existing traditional and new CVDRF. Methods: We assessed the individual ICVDS of 390 women without previous pathologic cardiovascular events, aged 41-69 years, who referred to the Menopause and Osteoporosis Centre of the University of Ferrara. The ICVDS were estimated using National Institute of Health Cuore.exe software, on the base of patient's age, latter blood cholesterol and blood pressure values, smoking habits and anti-hypertensive therapy usage. Results: Mean age of the sample was 54 years and mean ICVDS, 1.6%. Postmenopausal women had mean ICVDS of 1.8% while premenopausal subjects, of 1.1% (p<0.0001). ICVDS were significantly related to Body Mass Index (r=0.340, p=0.001), abdominal circumference (r=0.331, p=0.001) and blood glucose (r=0.275, p=0.001) values. The average ICVDS of rheumatic patients was significantly higher than that of healthy women (2.5% vs 1.5%, p=0.004), while patients who suffered from gestational diabetes mellitus or by pre-eclampsia had a mean ICVDS which was slightly, even if not significantly, higher than that of people without obstetric CVDRF (2.0% vs 1.6%, p=0.140). Conclusions: Climacteric patients affected by obstetric and rheumatic CVDRF showed higher ICVDS than otherwise healthy patients, and values were statistically significant in the second subgroup.
Maternal metabolic diseases related to pre-pregnancy overweight and obesity in Mexican women with high risk pregnancy; Introduction: Pre-pregnancy obesity has been proposed as a risk factor related to gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders during pregnancy. Objectives: Identify pregnancy related diseases associated with pre-pregnancy obesity as a risk factor in a high risk pregnancy patient population. Methods: 600 patients whose pre-pregnancy obesity had been assessed as a high risk factor were included in the study. The means, standard deviation, median, interquartile intervals, Pearson and Spearman correlation and logistic regression to estimate risk with the odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Results: The mean pre-pregnancy body mass index was 29.59±6.42kg/m2. The mean for recommended pregnancy weight gain was 2.31±1.03kg, but the mean of real weight gain was 8.91±6.84kg. A significant correlation between pre-pregnancy obesity and family history of diabetes mellitus (p =0.000), systemic hypertension (p =0.003), cardiac diseases (p =0.000), dyslipidemia (p =0.000) and obesity (p =0.000) was identified. Pre-pregnancy obesity was identified as a risk factor for the development of gestational diabetes (OR: 1.95; 95% CI: 1.39-2.76; p =0.000) in this kind of patient. Discussion and conclusion: 75% of high risk pregnancy women in a high specialty hospital in West Mexico are overweight or obese when they become pregnant. These are risk factors in the development of gestational diabetes.
Maternal high-fat diet exacerbates developmentally programmed cardio vascular disease in offspring of diabetic pregnancies through IM paired cardiac metabolism; Offspring of diabetic pregnancies (ODP) are at risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) at birth and throughout life, purportedly through fuel-mediated influences on the developing heart. Cellular bioenergetics play a key role in the pathogenesis of adult diabetic cardiomyopathy which is influenced by both hyperglycemia and hyperlipidemia. However, the long term effects of maternal diabetes and dyslipidemia on cardiac metabolism and mitochondrial function in the developing fetal heart are unknown. The objective of this study was to determine if a maternal high-fat diet during pregnancy exacerbates CVD disease in ODP through developmentally programmed alterations in cardiac metabolism and mitochondrial function. To do this, Sprague Dawley rats were fed a control or high-fat diet and administered placebo or streptozotocin to induce diabetes during pregnancy. Dams delivered offspring from four groups: controls, diabetes exposed, diet exposed and combination exposed. Litters were culled to equal size and pups were cross-fostered to normal dams. Cardiac function, cellular bioenergetics (mitochondrial stress test, glycolytic stress test and palmitate oxidation assay), lipid peroxidation, mitochondrial histology and copy number were determined at newborn, 3 weeks, 10 weeks and 6 months of age. Outcomes were interrogated for diet, diabetes and interaction effect using ANOVA with significance set at p≤0.05. At birth, diabetes exposed cardiomyocytes demonstrated impaired glycolytic and respiratory capacity. High-fat diet exposed cardiomyocytes had increased mitochondrial copy number and oxidative injury. Combination exposed offspring had diastolic/systolic dysfunction and mitochondrial injury that persisted into adulthood. This study demonstrates that a maternal high-fat diet contributes to developmentally programmed CVD in ODP through impaired cardiac metabolism and mitochondrial dysfunction.
The influence of gestational diabetes on fetal and maternal heart rate variability during an oral glucose tolerance test; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) potentially harms the child before birth and may have consequences later in life. We previously found GDM to be associated with developmental changes in the central nervous system. We now hypothesize that GDM may also impact on the fetal autonomic nervous system. This might be detectable either under rest or under metabolic stress like an oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT). Heart rate variability (HRV) is an accepted diagnostic and prognostic tool to assess autonomic nervous function. We therefore measured HRV of mothers and fetuses during a 3-point oGTT in women with and without GDM using magnetocardiography. Fetal magnetocardiography (fMCG) is a noninvasive method to detect fetal heart rate patterns with high temporal resolution. The investigated study cohort included forty-nine pregnant women with a gestational age of at least twenty-seven weeks, thirty-six metabolically healthy and thirteen women with GDM. They all underwent the same examination setting with oGTT during which fMCG was recorded three times. Compared to mothers with normal glucose regulation, mothers with GDM showed increased heart rate but no significant differences of maternal HRV. In contrast, HRV in fetuses of mothers with GDM significantly differed from those in the metabolically healthy group at 120 minutes after glucose load regarding standard deviation normal to normal beat (SDNN) (p = 0.012), low frequency band (p = 0.008) and high frequency band (p = 0.031). In conclusion, these results showed an altered response of the fetal autonomic nervous system to metabolic stress in GDM complicated pregnancies. Thus, disturbances in maternal glucose metabolism might not only impact on the central nervous system of the fetus but may also affect the fetal autonomic nervous system. Since both alterations could have consequences in later life, good metabolic control is warranted during pregnancy.
Baseline characteristics and cardiovascular outcomes in women with a history of gestational diabetes in the evaluation of lixisenatide in acute coronary syndrome trial; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been increasing in prevalence and its influence on cardiovascular (CV) disease risk has been increasingly recognized. We aimed to examine the baseline characteristics and CV outcomes of women with and without a history of GDM. The Evaluation of LIXisenatide in Acute Coronary Syndrome (ELIXA) trial was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter study of lixisenatide in patients with type 2 diabetes and recent acute coronary syndrome (ACS). Women enrolled provided details regarding GDM history and insulin use during pregnancy. We then compared women with and without a history of GDM according to baseline clinical characteristics; CV and diabetes medications; lifestyle data; patient-reported outcome data obtained from the Diabetes Health Profile (DHP-18); and subsequent CV outcomes. Among the 1861 women enrolled in ELIXA, women with a history of GDM (n=51) compared to women without a GDM history (n=1810) were signifi- cantly younger (54 ± 11 vs. 63 ± 9 yrs; p < 0.001); had an earlier age at diabetes diagnosis (36 ± 9 vs. 52 ± 11 yrs; p < 0.001); and had a higher HbA1c (median [IQR], 8.2 [7.2, 9.2] vs. 7.6 [6.7, 8.7]%; p = 0.035). Women with a history of GDM had more percutaneous coronary interventions (76.5 vs. 56.8%; p = 0.005); more coronary artery bypass grafts (13.7 vs. 6.0%; p = 0.025); and less mobility-difficulty reported compared to women without a GDM history (21.1 vs. 46.9%; p = 0.027). During a median follow-up of 25 months, the allcause death, CV death, myocardial infarction, heart failure, and stroke event rates were statistically similar between women with and without GDM. Among women with type 2 diabetes and recent ACS, women with a GDM history were younger at age of diabetes onset and had more CV revascularizations than women without a GDM history. Further examination of GDM and CV outcomes is warranted. (NCT01147250).
Diabetes or prediabetes should be actively sought in overweight individuals aged >45 with family history of diabetes; As at least a third of people with diabetes are unaware of their condition, there is an urgent need for simple diagnostic strategy. In 2014 we conducted a primary care physician (PCP)-based nationwide screening programme aiming at identifying individuals with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. 561 PCPs enrolled 21 726 subjects. No earlier diagnosis of diabetes or prediabetes and the presence of at least one risk factor (age>45 yrs, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, presence of fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, history of stroke, gestational diabetes or having a child of birth weight >4 kg, BMI>25 kg/m2 or waist circumference >80 cm [women] or 94 cm [men)] were inclusion criteria. All subjects underwent fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement, and if it was >125 mg/dl, second FPG measurement was conducted. The subjects with first FPG measurement 100-125 mg/dl had an oral 75 g glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed. Diabetes was diagnosed in 4221 (19.4%), and prediabetes in 5829 (26.8%) subjects. 2825 (66.9%) diabetes cases were diagnosed upon two FPG measurements >125 mg/dl. In 6265 (28.8%) subjects the concomitant presence of three main unmodifiable risk factors, simple to be identified in PCP setting, i.e., age >45 years, family history of diabetes and BMI >25 kg/m2 were noted. In this subgroup 1989 (31.7%) individuals were found to have diabetes and 2101 (33.5%) to have prediabetes. Odds ratio (OR) for diabetes in this subgroup was 2.757 (95% CI 2.57-2.957), and for both diabetes or prediabetes 2.998 (2.818-3.189). In conclusion, almost half of the subjects visiting their PCP have undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. Screening individuals aged >45 years who have family history of diabetes and are overweight/obese should promptly help decrease the number of people with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes.
RANKL levels are lower in pregnant women with GDM compared with pregnant women without GDM; There are both short and long term complications to the mother and the fetus in a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). While the precise mechanisms in preserving glucose balance in a healthy pregnancy are unknown, various growth factors and hormones have been implicated or associated with GDM risk, including Vitamin D, OPG, and HGF, in humans or rodents. Prior studies have shown significantly lower vitamin D levels in women (W) with GDM. RANKL, a cytokine thought to be predominantly involved in bone metabolism, is also a potent NF-κB activator, a mediator known to be involved in hepatic insulin resistance and B cell dysfunction. RANKL and its receptor, RANK, have been identified in liver and pancreatic β tissue and elevated levels have been associated with cardiovascular disease and to be predictive of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in humans. Blocking hepatic or systemic RANKL in mice with T2DM improved even normalized, glucose levels. Compared to non-pregnant (PREG) controls, RANKL levels are higher in the second and third trimester of a healthy pregnancy and lower in PREG W with preeclampsia. PREG W with GDM are known to have a higher risk of preeclampsia. Prior research has shown a trend towards lower RANKL in PREG W with GDM compared to non GDM. We performed a cross-sectional, IRB-approved study. Blood samples were collected from consented PREG GDM (n=39) and non GDM (n=42) at the 24-32 week obstetrical visit when the 100g oral glucose tolerance test was completed. Subjects were matched for age, BMI, gestational age. Blood plasma was analyzed for RANKL, OPG, PRL, TRAIL, HGF, PAI-1 and TNFa. RANKL levels were lower in GDM subjects (p =0.019). RANKL/OPG ratio trended lower in GDM but did not meet significance (p=0.15). These results could suggest that there are alterations in bone metabolism in PREG W with GDM. A lower RANKL may be a marker or increase the risk for GDM. Further evaluation of vitamin D and ambient glucose will be evaluated to assess whether these factors may have impacted results.
Postnatal assessment of the components of metabolic syndrome: A study in patients previously diagnosed with pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes at the university hospital of the West Indies and Victoria Jubilee Hospital, Jamaica; Introduction: Metabolic Syndrome (MS) is the constellation of atherosclerotic risk factors that predisposes patients to Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Several international studies have found an association between gestational diabetes (GDM) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) and the development of MS postpartum. This study was carried out locally to assess the development of markers for MS postpartum over a one-year period in patients with GDM and/or PIH. Method: This retrospective cohort study was conducted at three, six and 12 months postnatally, in patients with a history of PIH and/or GDM, evaluating markers for MS using the Harmonizing criteria. The patients' body mass index (BMI) was also calculated. The Chi-squared test was used to test associations between the components of metabolic syndrome and categorical variables. Results: Of the 360 women who agreed to participate in the study, only 105 women participated in the study. Associations between the PIH, GDM, PIH and GDM groups and MS were not found to be statistically significant at three, six or 12 months postpartum. The highest rate of MS was observed in patients who had both PIH and GDM. A comparative analysis of BMI and the development of MS, showed statistically significant associations between patients who had a high BMI at three (p = 0.02) and six months (p = 0.01) postnatally and the MS. Conclusion: An elevated BMI postpartum is a risk factor for the MS. No significant associations were found between groups and the MS, which was likely due a small sample size.
Cardiovascular disease in relation to placental abruption: A population-based prospective cohort study from Denmark; OBJECTIVE: Cardiovascular complications stemming from vascular dysfunction have been widely explored in the setting of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, restricted fetal growth and preterm delivery. However, the impact of placental abruption, a strong indicator of microvascular disturbance, on the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) mortality and morbidity remains poorly characterized. STUDY DESIGN: We designed a population-based prospective cohort study of women that delivered singletons at ≥22 week's gestation in Denmark (1978-2010). Information on selected CVD events was ascertained by linking the National Patient Registry and the Registry of Causes of Death to the Danish Birth Registry. We estimated risks of CVD mortality and morbidity among women with a history of abruption from Cox proportional hazards regression following adjustments for putative confounders. RESULTS: Over the 33-year period (13,231,559 person-years of follow-up) 828,289 women had one or more deliveries, of which 15,336 (1.9%) were complicated by abruption. CVD mortality rates in women with and without abruption were 0.9 and 0.3, respectively (adjusted hazard ratio (HR) 2.50, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.59, 3.92) (Table). The corresponding CVD complication rates were 16.5 and 10.0 per 10,000 person-years, respectively (HR 1.45, 95% CI 1.31, 1.60) for women with a history of abruption compared to women with no such history. In particular, the increased risks were evident for ischemic heart disease, acute myocardial infarction, and heart failure. These increased risks were substantially elevated when deliveries occurred at <34 weeks and 34-36 weeks. CONCLUSION: Findings from this prospective cohort study show increased hazards of premature cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in relation to abruption. These results underscore the importance of understanding the pathogenesis of distorted placental microvasculature that appears to be harbinger of other microvasculature disorders, including cardiovascular diseases later in life. (Table Presented).
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and child cardiometabolic health; OBJECTIVE: There is a growing body of evidence that adverse pregnancy and perinatal outcomes are linked to future cardiovascular disease in the index child. We therefore sought to evaluate whether pregnancy associated hypertension (gestational hypertension or preeclampsia; PAH) and preterm birth (PTB) are associated with child cardiometabolic health at 5-10 years of age. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of index children born to women enrolled during pregnancy with either mild gestational diabetes mellitus or lesser degrees of glucose intolerance and followed up 5- 10 years after birth. Pregnancy outcomes were collected during the original study. At follow-up, children had anthropometric and blood pressure measurements and provided fasting blood for central laboratory measurements (triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, glucose). Multivariable models were developed for the cohort overall and to test for interaction between adverse pregnancy outcome and child sex. RESULTS: This analysis included 980 children who were followed up at a mean age of 7±1 (SD) years. Overall, after adjusting for potentially confounding factors, systolic blood pressure and BMI zscore were significantly higher in the children who were born to mothers with PAH and were delivered at term, compared with those delivered at term to a normotensive mother (Table). These associations did not vary by child sex (p for interaction =.50 and .89, respectively). Furthermore, the association with systolic blood pressure was not explained by child BMI. No differences were observed for waist circumference, triglycerides, HDL-cholesterol, diastolic blood pressure or glucose. The cardiometabolic health of the children born preterm was similar to the children born at term to mothers without PAH. CONCLUSION: These data suggest that term PAH, which is considered to be a distinct clinical entity from preterm PAH, may be a risk factor for elevated systolic blood pressure and BMI in the index children. Preterm birth was not a risk factor for elevated blood pressure, high BMI or for any of the other measures of cardiometabolic heath in this population. (Table Presented).
Gestational diabetes mellitus as an independant risk factor for long-term pediatric cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether in utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective population-based cohort study compared long-term (up to the age of 18 years) hospitalized pediatric cardiovascular morbidity between singletons prenatally exposed and unexposed to GDM. Deliveries occurred between the years 1991-2014 in a regional tertiary medical center. The exposure variables were diet-controlled GDM (GDMA1) and treated GDM (GDMA2). Mothers with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and infants with congenital malformations were excluded from the study. A multivariable generalized estimating equation (GEE) logistic regression model analysis was used to control for confounders and for maternal clusters. RESULTS: During the study period 256,270 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, of which 5.0% were diagnosed with GDM (n=12,889). During the follow-up period, children exposed in utero to GDM had a higher rate of long- term cardiovascular morbidity compared to those unexposed (Table; rates of hospitalizations with cardiovascular morbidity, by in-utero exposure to GDM). Using a multivariable GEE logistic regression model, controlling for maternal age, gestational age at delivery, birthweight and the time to event; in utero exposure to GDMA1 (adjusted OR =1.5; 95% CI 1.1- 2.3; P=0.024) and especially to GDMA2 (adjusted OR =3.1; 95% CI 1.8-5.1, P<0.001) were found as independent risk factors for longterm cardiovascular disease during childhood. CONCLUSION: Exposure to maternal GDM is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity of the offspring. (Table Presented).
Down-regulation of placental glucose transporter (GLUT)-1 in pre-eclampsia; OBJECTIVE: Transplacental fetal glucose supply is predominantly regulated by glucose transporter-1 (GLUT1). Altered expression and/or function of GLUT1 may affect the intrauterine environment, which could compromise fetal development and could potentially lead to fetal programming with its long-term consequences. Until now it is unknown if placental GLUT1 is affected by pre-eclampsia (PE), a disease known to be associated with gestational diabetes (GDM) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). We therefore aimed to address the hypothesis that PE leads to altered expression and function of GLUT1. STUDY DESIGN: Placentae were obtained after elective caesarean sections following normal pregnancy and from pregnancies affected by PE. Syncytial basal membrane (BM) and apical microvillus membrane (MVM) fractions were prepared from syncytiotrophoblast (STB). GLUT1 protein expression was assessed by Western blot analysis and mRNA levels were quantified by qPCR. Radio-labeled glucose up-take assay using placental-derived syncytial microvesicles was established to analyze GLUT1 function. RESULTS: GLUT1 protein expression was significantly down-regulated in PE compared to controls. The functional assay in syncytial microvesicles showed a significantly decreased glucose transport activity in PE compared to controls. CONCLUSION: Our study shows for the first time that in PE, placental GLUT1 is down-regulated on protein level and that GLUT1-mediated glucose transport activity is decreased. These results suggest that GLUT1 might contribute to the pathogenetic link between PE and GDM, and eventually also IUGR. Further, these data show that in PE GLUT1-mediated transplacental glucose transport is regulated on the apical side of the STB. Our results help to elucidate the role of GLUT1 in PE and to develop strategies to modulate glucose transport, aiming to reduce the risk for metabolic and cardiovascular diseases for the child later in life.
Placental malperfusion lesions, excess weight gain, and adverse outcomes in women with gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: Placental malperfusion lesions are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, but the maternal characteristics associated with these lesions have not been defined. Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk for pregnancy complications, so we characterized the prevalence and clinical correlates of malperfusion lesions in this population. STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective cohort study of 1186 women with GDM who had placental pathology available. Malperfusion lesions included infarcts, vasculopathy, syncytial knots, perivillous fibrin, and fibrin deposition. Baseline maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcomes were compared in women with and without malperfusion lesions, and multivariable logistic regression analysis was used to identify factors associated with malperfusion lesions. RESULTS: Malperfusion lesions were common in women with GDM (n=362, 30.5%), and they occurred more frequently in those women with GDM who also had chronic hypertension (CHTN) and excess weight gain. After adjusting for maternal characteristics including pre-pregnancy BMI and CHTN, excess weight gain was independently associated with an increased risk for malperfusion lesions (aOR 1.42, 95% CI 1.06-1.91, p=0.02). Stratified analysis demonstrated that malperfusion lesions were associated with greater weight gain in both overweight (33.3 ±16.0 vs 27.9 ±12.6 lbs, p=0.003) and obese (23.2 ±16.3 vs 20.1 ±16.4 lbs, p=0.04) women, and this finding persisted after women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) were excluded in sensitivity analysis. Placental malperfusion lesions were also associated with an increased risk of preterm birth (PTB) <34 weeks that was independent of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (see Table). CONCLUSION: Our results suggest that malperfusion lesions are common in women with GDM and this may be one pathway linking excess gestational weight gain to adverse pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM. Future studies are needed to identify metabolic factors that may be involved in this association. (Table Presented).
Hyperglycaemia-induced oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); An imbalance between production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) and their clearance by antioxidant defence mechanisms results in the development of oxidative stress. Biological consequences of this state involve oxidative damage of key cellular components such as nucleic acids, lipids, or proteins and, in turn, impairment of cell and tissue function. Evidence from clinical and experimental studies supports the notion that oxidative stress is one of pathologic factors associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), metabolic disorder defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. It has been established that high blood glucose concentrations in diabetic pregnancy induce oxidative stress by several mechanisms, including an enhanced ROS production in mitochondria, the polyol pathway and the hexosamine pathway, as well as protein kinase C (PKC) activation and an advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) formation, and changes in biomarkers of free radical-induced damage and antioxidant defences have been detected in maternal diabetes. Moreover, hyperglycaemia-induced oxidative stress is related with some congenital anomalies in diabetic pregnancy. The current article provides an overview how oxida-tive stress is related to GDM, with special emphasis on the involvement of the hyperglycaemia-induced mechanisms in ROS overproduction, followed by discussion of indicators of oxidative stress. In addition, the relationship between oxidative stress and congenital malformations in diabetic pregnancy is described.
Effects and safety of periconceptional oral folate supplementation for preventing birth defects; Background: It has been reported that neural tube defects (NTD) can be prevented with periconceptional folic acid supplementation. The effects of different doses, forms and schemes of folate supplementation for the prevention of other birth defects and maternal and infant outcomes are unclear. Objectives: This review aims to examine whether periconceptional folate supplementation reduces the risk of neural tube and other congenital anomalies (including cleft palate) without causing adverse outcomes in mothers or babies. This is an update of a previously published Cochrane review on this topic. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 August 2015). Additionally, we searched the World Health Organization (WHO) International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (ICTRP) (31 August 2015) and contacted relevant organisations to identify ongoing and unpublished studies. Selection criteria: We included all randomised or quasi-randomised trials evaluating the effect of periconceptional folate supplementation alone, or in combination with other vitamins and minerals, in women independent of age and parity. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed the eligibility of studies against the inclusion criteria, extracted data from included studies, checked data entry for accuracy and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. We assessed the quality of the body of evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results: Five trials involving 7391 women (2033 with a history of a pregnancy affected by a NTD and 5358 with no history of NTDs) were included. Four comparisons were made: 1) supplementation with any folate versus no intervention, placebo or other micronutrients without folate (five trials); 2) supplementation with folic acid alone versus no treatment or placebo (one trial); 3) supplementation with folate plus other micronutrients versus other micronutrients without folate (four trials); and 4) supplementation with folate plus other micronutrients versus the same other micronutrients without folate (two trials). The risk of bias of the trials was variable. Only one trial was considered to be at low risk of bias. The remaining studies lacked clarity regarding the randomisation method or whether the allocation to the intervention was concealed. All the participants were blinded to the intervention, though blinding was unclear for outcome assessors in the five trials. The results of the first comparison involving 6708 births with information on NTDs and other infant outcomes, show a protective effect of daily folic acid supplementation (alone or in combination with other vitamins and minerals) in preventing NTDs compared with no interventions/placebo or vitamins and minerals without folic acid (risk ratio (RR) 0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.17 to 0.58); five studies; 6708 births; high quality evidence). Only one study assessed the incidence of NTDs and showed no evidence of an effect (RR 0.07, 95% CI 0.00 to 1.32; 4862 births) although no events were found in the group that received folic acid. Folic acid had a significant protective effect for reoccurrence (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.64); four studies; 1846 births). Subgroup analyses suggest that the positive effect of folic acid on NTD incidence and recurrence is not affected by the explored daily folic acid dosage (400 mg (0.4 mg) or higher) or whether folic acid is given alone or with other vitamins and minerals. These results are consistent across all four review comparisons. There is no evidence of any preventive or negative effects on cleft palate (RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.05 to 10.89; three studies; 5612 births; low quality evidence), cleft lip ((RR 0.79, 95% CI 0.14 to 4.36; three studies; 5612 births; low quality evidence), congenital cardiovascular defects (RR 0.57, 95% CI 0.24 to 1.33; three studies; 5612 births; low quality evidence), miscarriages (RR 1.10, 95% CI 0.94 to 1.28; five studies; 7391 pregnancies; moderate quality evidence) or any other birth defects (RR 0.94, 95% CI 0.53 to 1.66; three studies; 5612 births; low quality evidence). There were no included trials assessing the effects of this intervention on neonatal death, maternal blood folate or anaemia at term. Authors' conclusions: Folic acid, alone or in combination with vitamins and minerals, prevents NTDs, but does not have a clear effect on other birth defects.
Pregnancy and myelodysplastic syndrome: An analysis of the clinical characteristics, maternal and fetal outcomes; Objective: To investigate the clinical characteristics, management, maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS).Methods: A retrospective analysis was conducted on 25 pregnant women with MDS between June 1998 and January 2013. The clinical data were summarized. These patients were divided into poor outcome group and control group, and regression analysis was conducted to find the risk factors for maternal and fetal outcomes.Results: Five patients developed premature birth, five patients developed postpartum hemorrhage, one patient developed postpartum acute cardiac failure and one patient developed postpartum cerebral infarction. Twenty out of the 25 patients underwent complete follow-up and 17 newborns were normal during follow-up. The regression analysis shows anemia and gestational hypertension are the primary risk factors for poor outcomes, whereas age, first onset of hematological disease, WBC count and platelet count are not significantly associated with the outcomes.Discussion: Anemia and gestational hypertension may be the primary risk factors for poor maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnant patients with MDS. To avoid maternal and neonatal complications, a minimum of hemoglobin level >70 g/L, platelet count >30 × 109/L and WBC count >3 × 109/L, are recommended. Close monitoring on blood routine, maternal complications and active supportive treatment are recommended.
Evaluation of the regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control; Objective: The aim is to quantitatively assess regional ventricular systolic function by two-dimensional strain (2DS) echocardiography in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) fetuses with good glycemic control.Methods: We studied 60 consecutive normal fetuses and 35 fetuses of GDM mothers with good glycemic control by echocardiography. M-mode and two-dimensional echocardiography were used to measure ejection fraction and wall dimensions of left ventricle and right ventricle. Both left and right ventricle peak systolic myocardial strain values were obtained by 2DS echocardiography.Results: Compared with normal fetuses, the thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) and the thickness of right ventricular wall were significantly increased in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Compared with those of normal fetuses, the peak systolic myocardial strain decreased significantly in the apical segments of the IVS and the apical segments of the left ventricular lateral wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05), as well as the apical and middle segments of right ventricular wall in GDM fetuses (p < 0.05). Peak negative 2DS values in 60 normal fetuses increased with the gestational age, showing a significant linear correlation(r = -0.625, p < 0.001). The average ventricular strain was not correlated to ventricular wall thickness (r = 0.127, p = 0.394).Conclusions: 2DS is a feasible approach to assess regional ventricular systolic function in the fetal hearts and it can be used to examine cardiac systolic function in GDM fetuses with good glycemic control.
A case report of aorto-pulmonary window in an infant born to a diabetic mother; Several studies have described the association between pre-gestational maternal diabetes and cardiac disease in the newborn. Infants of diabetic mothers have an increased incidence of congenital heart disease, reported between 3% and 6% compared to 0.8% of the general population. A particularly high prevalence of conotruncal defects has been recently described among congenital heart diseases. This group of malformations affects ventricular outflows, aorta, and pulmonary artery and shares a common embryogenic origin. They include persistence of the truncus arteriosus, transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, interruption of the aortic arch, and double outlet right ventricle. Aorto-pulmonary window, a rare congenital heart disease belonging to conotruncal malformations, has never been previously described in association with maternal diabetes. We describe the case of a male infant born to a mother suffering from a poorly controlled type 1 diabetes during pregnancy. In the early postnatal life the infant showed respiratory distress, tachycardia, and failure to thrive. He was found to be affected by aorto-pulmonary window that required corrective surgical intervention.<. Learning objective: This case report warns us to consider this congenital abnormality as a possible finding in infants born to a diabetic mother. Furthermore, it shows how difficult the echocardiographic diagnosis of aorto-pulmonary windows can be.>.
Earlier Age of Onset of Chronic Hypertension and Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus After a Hypertensive Disorder of Pregnancy or Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; A prospective cohort study was conducted to assess the impact of a history of hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on the risk and age of onset of hypertension, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2D), and cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life, independent of hypertension and T2D. Between 1993 and 1997, 22 265 ever-pregnant women were included from the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition-NL study, aged 20 to 70 years at baseline. Details on complications of pregnancy and known hypertension were obtained by questionnaire. Blood pressure was measured at enrollment. Participants were followed for the occurrence of CVD events. Data were analyzed using ANCOVA, multivariable logistic regression, and Cox proportional hazard (with HDP and GDM as time-dependent variables for T2D and CVD) models. At enrollment, women with a HDP reported diagnosis of hypertension 7.7 years earlier (95% confidence interval [CI] 6.9-8.5) and women with GDM reported diagnosis of T2D 7.7 years earlier (95% CI 5.8-9.6) than women without pregnancy complications. After adjustment for potential confounders, HDP was associated with presence of hypertension at enrollment (odds ratio 2.12, 95% CI 1.98-2.28) and onset of CVD later in life (hazard ratio 1.21, 95% CI 1.10-1.32). After including the intermediates hypertension and T2D in the model, the risk of CVD later in life decreased (hazard ratio 1.09, 95% CI 1.00-1.20). GDM was associated with an increased risk of developing T2D later in life (hazard ratio 3.68, 95% CI 2.77-4.90), but not with risk of CVD. HDP and GDM have a substantial impact on the risk of CVD and are potentially important indicators for preventive cardiovascular risk management.
Women with a history of gestational diabetes on long-term follow up have normal vascular function despite more dysglycemia, dyslipidemia and adiposity; Aims: Previous gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk, but the link with vascular dysfunction is not clear. This study examined vascular function in women 4-10 years after a diagnosis of GDM who had a normal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first postpartum year. Methods: We studied 90 women with a history of GDM and 59 age-matched controls, examining differences in insulin resistance as measured by the Homeostatic Model Assessment (HOMA-IR) and glucose responses during an OGTT, adiposity, lipid profile and C-reactive protein (CRP). Using pulse wave analysis, we also measured cardiac function, vascular compliance, and systemic vascular resistance. Results: Women with a history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (body mass index 28.9±6.5 vs. 26.6±6.9 kg/m2, P=0.04, waist-hip ratio 0.85±0.06 vs. 0.79±0.07, P<0.001), dyslipidemia (LDL cholesterol 2.78±0.64 vs. 2.41±0.56mmol/L, P<0.001, total cholesterol: HDL cholesterol 3.93±1.2 vs. 3.21±0.82mmol/L, P<0.001) and abnormal glucose metabolism (50% vs. 12%, P<0.001). However, there was no difference in CRP, HOMA-IR, or measures of cardiovascular function including pulse rate, pulse pressure, mean arterial pressure, cardiac output, systemic vascular resistance, small and large artery elasticity index. After controlling for adiposity, blood pressure, lipids and CRP, glycemic status did not contribute to vascular function. Conclusion: Despite a higher incidence of adiposity, dyslipidemia, and impaired glycemia, women with a history of GDM who had a normal postpartum OGTT did not have impaired vascular function 4-10 years postpartum, when compared to healthy controls.
Pregnancy and sleep apnea; Sleep-disordered breathing (SBD), and especially sleep apnea is prevalent among pregnant women, has numerous medical consequences and is associated with an increased risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. This article is an up-to-date review of pathophysiology, complications, diagnosis and treatment of sleep apnea during pregnancy. Treatment of sleep apnea includes loss of weight, the use of positive airway pressure (CPAP) and the change of sleep position.
Maternal midpregnancy glucose levels and risk of congenital heart disease in offspring; Importance There is a well-described association between maternal diabetes mellitus and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Although the clinical diagnoses of type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong risk factors for CHD, subclinical abnormalities of glucose and insulin metabolism are common within the general population and could also confer risk for CHD.We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes are related to odds of cardiac malformations. OBJECTIVE To explore the potential association of 2 different CHD phenotypes in offspring with maternal midpregnancy measures of glucose and insulin. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Case-control study from a population-based cohort of 277 pregnant women in southern and central California carrying infants with tetralogy of Fallot (TOF) (n = 55), dextrotransposition of the great arteries (dTGA) (n = 42), or healthy infants without CHD (n = 180). Serum samples were collected from 2003 through 2007. The analysis was conducted from March through June 2015. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Blood analytes related to maternal glucose metabolism were measured from random nonfasting second-trimester blood samples.We measured serum insulin levels by a validated radioimmunoassay, and we measured glucose levels. Multivariable logistic regression models estimated the association between these levels and case status. RESULTS Serum glucose values were elevated in the maternal samples for offspring with TOF (median, 97.0mg/dL [to convert to millimoles per liter, multiply by 0.0555]) relative to controls (median, 91.5mg/dL) (P =.01, Wilcoxon rank sum test), a phenomenon not observed in the maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 90.0mg/dL) relative to controls (P =.18, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Serum insulin levels were significantly different between controls (median, 18.8 μIU/mL [to convert to picomoles per liter, multiply by 6.945]) and maternal samples for offspring with dTGA (median, 13.1 μIU/mL; P =.048, Wilcoxon rank sum test) but not with TOF (median, 14.3 μIU/mL; P =.35, Wilcoxon rank sum test). Relative to maternal blood glucose levels of infants without cardiac malformations, we observed that maternal blood glucose levels in models including insulin were strongly associated with odds of TOF (adjusted odds ratio = 7.54; 95%CI, 2.30-24.69) but not with dTGA (adjusted odds ratio = 1.16; 95%CI, 0.28-4.79). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These results represent a direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to odds of specific cardiac malformations. The association between serum glucose and odds of TOF indicates the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy.
Analysis of risk factors for adverse perinatal outcomes in women with pancytopenia; OBJECTIVE: To explore the pregnancy outcomes of women with pancytopenia and the risk factors for the adverse perinatal outcomes.
American association of clinical endocrinologists, American college of endocrinology, and androgen excess and pcos society disease state clinical review: Guide to the best practices in the evaluation and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome - Part 2; EXECUTIVE SUMMARY Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is recognized as the most common endocrine disorder of reproductive-aged women around the world. This document, produced by the collaboration of the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the Androgen Excess Society aims to highlight the most important clinical issues confronting physicians and their patients with PCOS. It is a summary of current best practices in 2014. Insulin resistance is believed to play an intrinsic role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. The mechanism by which insulin resistance or insulin give rise to oligomenorrhea and hyperandrogenemia, however, is unclear. Hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamp studies have shown that both obese and lean women with PCOS have some degree of insulin resistance. Insulin resistance is implicated in the ovulatory dysfunction of PCOS by disrupting the hypothalamic- pituitary-ovarian axis. Given the association with insulin resistance, all women with PCOS require evaluation for the risk of metabolic syndrome (MetS) and its components, including type 2 diabetes, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and the possible risk of clinical events, including acute myocardial infarction and stroke. Obese women with PCOS are at increased risk for MetS with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT; 31 to 35%) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; 7.5 to 10%). Rates of progression from normal glucose tolerance to IGT, and in turn to T2DM, may be as high as 5 to 15% within 3 years. Data suggest the need for baseline oral glucose tolerance test every 1 to 2 years based on family history of T2DM as well as body mass index (BMI) and yearly in women with IGT. Compared with BMI- and age-matched controls, young, lean PCOS women have lower high-density lipoprotein (HDL) size, higher verylow- density lipoprotein particle number, higher low-density lipoprotein (LDL) particle number, and borderline lower LDL size. Statins have been shown to lower testosterone levels either alone or in combination with oral contraceptives (OCPs) but have not shown improvement in menses, spontaneous ovulation, hirsutism, or acne. Statins reduce total and LDL cholesterol but have no effect on HDL, C-reactive protein, fasting insulin, or homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance in PCOS women, in contrast to the general population. There have been no long-term studies of statins on clinical cardiac outcomes in women with PCOS. Coronary calcification is more prevalent and more severe in PCOS than in controls. In women under 60 years of age undergoing coronary angiography, the presence of polycystic ovaries on sonography has been associated with more arterial segments with >50% stenosis, but the relationship between PCOS and actual cardiovascular events remains unclear. Therapies for PCOS are varied in their effects and targets and include both nonpharmacologic as well as pharmacologic approaches. Weight loss is the primary therapy in PCOS - reduction in weight of as little as 5% can restore regular menses and improve response to ovulation- inducing and fertility medications. Metformin in premenopausal PCOS women has been associated with a reduction in features of MetS. Clamp studies using ethinyl estradiol/drosperinone combination failed to reveal evidence of an increase in either peripheral or hepatic insulin resistance. Subjects with PCOS have a 1.5-times higher baseline risk of venous thromboembolic disease and a 3.7-fold greater effect with OCP use compared with non-PCOS subjects. There is currently no genetic test to screen for or diagnose PCOS, and there is no test to assist in the choice of treatment strategies. Persistent bleeding should always be investigated for pregnancy and/or uterine pathology - including transvaginal ultrasound exam and endometrial biopsy - in women with PCOS. PCOS women can have difficulty conceiving. Those who become pregnant are at risk for gestational diabetes (which should be evaluated and managed appropriately) and the microvascular complications of diabetes. Assessment of a woman with PCOS for infertility involves evaluating for preconceptional issues that may affect response to therapy or lead to adverse pregnancy outcomes and evaluating the couple for other common infertility issues that may affect the choice of therapy, such as a semen analysis. Women with PCOS have multiple factors that may lead to an elevated risk of pregnancy, including a high prevalence of IGT - a clear risk factor for gestational diabetes - and MetS with hypertension, which increases the risk for pre-eclampsia and placental abruption. Women should be screened and treated for hypertension and diabetes prior to attempting conception. Women should be counseled about weight loss prior to attempting conception, although there are limited clinical trial data demonstrating a benefit to this recommendation. Treatment for women with PCOS and anovulatory infertility should begin with an oral agent such as clomiphene citrate or letrozole, an aromatase inhibitor.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn; Subcutaneous fat necrosis (SCFN) is a rare fat tissue inflammation of the newborn. Risk factors include cord prolapse, perinatal asphyxia, therapeutic hypothermia, meconium aspiration, and sepsis. When present, hypercalcemia comes with lethargy, hypotonia, irritability, vomiting, polyuria, polydipsia, constipation, and dehydration. Kidney injury must be avoided. SCFN is often completely autoresolutive.
Novel use of an ultrafiltration device in two hemodynamically unstable pediatric patients; Case Report: Case Report: Ultrafiltration, using advanced devices such as the Aquadex ™ system, has long been used as a safe and effective alternative mechanism for fluid removal in adults with congestive heart failure. The Aquadex™ system requires a priming volume of only 33 mL, provides for blood flow rates between 10-40 mL/min, and allows for fluid removal rates between 10-500 mL/hour. These features make it an attractive option for fluid removal in patients who may not be able to tolerate continuous veno-venous hemofiltration (CVVH), because of hemodynamic instability. In addition, ultrafiltration can be performed using a 6 French double lumen, reinforced, peripherally inserted central catheter (PICC). We describe successful ultrafiltration using the Aquadex™ system in two pediatric patients with acute kidney injury (AKI) who were not suitable candidates for CVVH. Patient 1: 6 week-old, 4 kg male with severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to maternal diabetes and pulmonary hypertension resulting in multiorgan dysfunction syndrome (MODS) requiring extracorporeal mechanical support. Following decannulation, he developed severe anasarca due to oliguria unresponsive to conventional diuretics and vasopressor support. A PICC was placed transhepatically and ultrafiltration was initiated. Fluid was successfully removed and a negative fluid balance was achieved. Patient 2: 11 y/o, 25 kg male with complex congenital heart disease who underwent one and a half ventricle repair. The post-operative course was complicated by ventricular dysfunction and tachyarrhythmia causing MODS with AKI and anasarca. He was unresponsive to conventional diuretics. Prior to initiation of therapy, a PICC was placed in the lower extremity. The patient tolerated ultrafiltration therapy and a negative fluid balance was achieved. Conclusion: We report the use of ultrafiltration with the Aquadex™ system in 2 hemodynamically unstable pediatric patients with limited options for vascular access. In both cases, a negative fluid balance was achieved without significant hemodynamic derangements.
Acute appendicitis and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A nationwide population-based study; Backgrounds: Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. Methods: This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been Hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5min (<7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. Results: The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1.82 (95% CI = 1.43-2.30), 1.59 (95% CI = 1.25-2.02), 1.33 (95% CI = 1.12-1.60), 1.24 (95% CI = 1.07-1.44), and 2.07 (95% CI=1.07-4.03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. Conclusions: There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women.
Fetal cardiovascular programming in maternal diabetes mellitus and obesity: Insights from deformation imaging; Purpose: Deformation imaging is known to detect preclinical myocardial dysfunction. Two-dimensional echocardiographic (Echo) evaluation with deformation imaging was utilized to assess the effects of maternal disease in fetuses of mothers with diabetes mellitus (FDM) and fetuses of obese mothers (FO). Methods: A case control fetal echo evaluation was performed on FDM and FO in two centers. Fetuses with congenital heart disease (CHD), extracardiac or chromosomal anomaly, multiple gestations, hydrops, arrhythmia, cardiac dysfunction, family history of cardiomyopathy and those with suboptimal image quality were excluded. Fetuses of mothers without diabetes and obesity who satisfied the exclusion criteria served as fetal controls (FC). Apical four-chamber and left ventricular (LV) short axis views at > 80 fps were obtained on all echos (GE Vivid7 and E9). LV speckle tracking analysis was performed in apical/basal four-chamber (longitudinal strain, LS and strain rate, LSR) and short axis (circumferential strain, CS and strain rate CSR) images offline (Image Arena, TomTec). Data on maternal Hgb A1c, BMI, other maternal medical conditions and fetal gestation at the time of the echo were recorded. Comparisons were made between FDM, FO and FC groups. Results: There were 178 fetuses, comprising of 82 FDM, 26 FO and 70 FC that met inclusion criteria. The mean gestation age (weeks) was 25.3 +5.1 for FDM, 25 + 4.6 for FO and 25.1 + 4.9 for FC. The mean maternal Hemoglobin A1c for FDM was 6.4% (5-11.4). The mean BMI was 35.5 (22-55) in mothers of FDM, 36.6 (31-54) in FO and 25 (19.1-29.5) in the FC group. Statistically significant differences (p<0.05) were detected between FDM, FO and FC for global LS (-21.2 +6.5, -20.1 +6.6 vs. -27% +5.2), global LSR (-1.5 + 0.7, -1.4 +0.5 vs. -1.7 +0.6 sec-1), global CS (-22.7 +6.5, -23.3 +6.6 vs. -26.2 % +6.8), global CSR (- 1.5 +0.6, -1.5 +0.6 vs. -1.7 +0.5 sec-1). Non-obese FDM (n=26) also had abnormal global LS (-21.7% +7.3, p<0.05) and global CS (-20.5% +5.2, p<0.05) Among FDM with hemoglobin A1c < 6.4% (n=44) and >6.4% (n=38), the differences in global LS (-20.8 + 6.3 vs. -21.7 + 6.7%) and global CS (-22.6 + 7.2 vs. -22.7 + 5.8%) were not significant. Conclusions: Our results indicate that adverse fetal myocardial remodeling occurs in response to both maternal DM and maternal obesity. This effect appears to be independent of hyperglycemia control in DM. These data may provide basis for further research into the role of fetal programming in adult disease and potential intervention strategies in FDM and FO.
Cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases compared with normal women. This study aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular risk factors in Chinese women with GDM. Methods: 453 women with GDM (cases) and 1,180 healthy women (controls) were included in this study. The post-partum examinations included 2 h 75 g oral glucose tolerance tests, lipid profiles, anthropometric measurements (blood pressure, height, weight) and documentation of medical history, diet, and lifestyle. Results: Compared with controls, the risks of abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome in women with a history of GDM were 4.61, 1.30, 1.57 and 3.52, respectively. Fasting blood glucose, progestational body mass index (pBMI) and antenatal insulin resistance at antenatal visit were predictors for abnormal glucose metabolism. pBMI and antenatal diastolic blood pressure were predictors for hypertension. pBMI and weight gain during pregnancy were predictors for obesity/overweight. pBMI, antenatal systolic blood pressure and antenatal triglyceride were predictors for metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Women with a history of GDM have increased rates of cardiovascular disease risk factors including abnormal glucose metabolism, obesity, hypertension, metabolic syndrome. pBMI is the common independent predictors of cardiometabolic disease in the post-partum.
Effects of maternal obesity on antenatal, perinatal and neonatal outcomes; Objective: Obesity is critically important to maternal and fetal health during the perinatal period. We have detected an increasing prevalence of maternal obesity in recent years and investigated its complications during pregnancy.Methods: A total of 931 pregnant females were investigated between March 2012 and March 2013. The patients were divided into four groups: body mass index (BMI) < 18.5 kg/m2 was underweight, 18.5-24.9 kg/m2 was normal weight, 25-29.9 kg/m2 was overweight and ≥30 kg/m2 was obese. The effects of obesity on fetal and maternal outcomes were investigated.Results: Significant increases in pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, cesarean delivery, premature rupture of membranes, shoulder dystocia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, abnormal heart rate pattern and postpartum infection rates were found in the obese group during the perinatal period. Adverse maternal effects in obese cases were significantly more frequent than those in normal-weight cases. Preterm birth, perinatal mortality, low APGAR scores, newborn intensive care unit requirement, hypoglycemia and macrosomia rates were significantly higher in obese cases than those in non-obese cases. However, low birth weight infant rate was higher in the low BMI cases than that in the other BMI categories (p < 0.01).Conclusion: We conclude that obesity is an important factor associated with pregnancy complications and the increase in maternal-fetal morbidity and mortality.
Depressed biventricular outputs in fetuses of diabetic mothers when standardized to estimated fetal weight; Background: Although the results of maternal diabetes on the newborn heart are well described, in-utero cardiovascular effects of maternal diabetes and obesity are not as well understood. Hypothesis: Echocardiographically derived measures of right and left heart flow volumes in fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) and fetuses of obese mothers (FOM) differ from those of normal fetuses. Methods: We prospectively enrolled 264 normal fetuses, 30 FDM and 49 FOM for prenatal research echocardiography. Estimated fetal weight (EFW) based norms for aortic and pulmonary valve velocity time integrals (AVVTI, PVVTI), right and left ventricular outflow tract diameters (LVOTD, RVOTD), aortic and pulmonary valve stroke volume (AVSV, PVSV), and cardiac output (LVCO, RVCO) were derived from the 264 control group fetuses using nonlinear regression to a Gompertz growth function. Z values for each parameter were determined, then analyzed using a non-paired two-tailed t-test to compare the three groups. Results: The mean ± SD EFW (g) for normal fetuses, FDM and FOM were 1610 ± 1201, 964 ± 694 and 1075 ± 1013; respective mean gestational ages (weeks) were 28.1±1.3, 25.3± 5, and 25 ± 6.6. The table shows mean Z value comparisons of VTI, OTD, SV and CO for the RV and LV in the three groups. Conclusions: FDM have significantly lower right and left heart stroke volumes and outputs than other fetuses matched for size, while FOM did not have demonstrable right or left heart stroke volume or cardiac output changes relative to normal fetuses. Similar to their relationship with gestational age, normal right and left ventricular stroke volumes and outputs follow a non-linear correlation with estimated fetal weight. Flow volumes in macrosomic fetuses may be better normalized to EFW rather than to gestational age. Reduced placental blood flow and ventricular compliance changes may be contributing to depressed biventricular cardiac output in FDM.
Subclinical decrease in myocardial function in asymptomatic infants of diabetic mothers: A tissue doppler study; Introduction: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) with cardiac hypertrophy are recognized to have impaired myocardial performance, but less is known about ventricular function in those without hypertrophy. We hypothesized that, in asymptomatic newborns with normal echocardiograms, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) indices of cardiac function would be decreased in IDMs compared to controls. Methods: This retrospective case-control study involved IDMs ≥ 36 weeks gestational age, at 0 to 7 days of life. Subjects with cardiorespiratory symptoms, ventricular hypertrophy or dysfunction, or any echocardiographic abnormality (other than a patent ductus arteriosus before 4 days of life, or a patent foramen ovale) were excluded. Each subject was matched with 3 controls (healthy infants of non-diabetic mothers) by age (0-24, 25-48, 49-72, or > 72 hours of life), birth weight (± 0.5 kg), body surface area (± 0.03 m2), and by the ultrasound system utilized. TDI systolic (S'), early diastolic (E'), and late diastolic (A') velocities were measured at the mitral valve (MV) annulus, basal ventricular septum, and tricuspid valve (TV) annulus, and were averaged from 3 consecutive cardiac cycles. Early Doppler inflow velocity to E' ratios (E/E') were calculated. Results: Seventy cases (39 male) were identified: first 24 hours (h) of life (n=18), 25-48 h (n=22), 49-72 h (n=14), and > 72 h (n=16). Maternal diabetes was gestational in 60 cases, and pre-existing in 10. Median gestational age was 38 6/7 weeks (range 36-41 2/7), median birth weight 3.65 kg (2.56-5.38), and median BSA 0.22 m2 (0.17-0.27). Ultrasound system vendors included Siemens® (n=46), Philips® (n=23), and General Electric® (n=1). Cases were matched with 210 controls. IDMs had significantly lower S' (p ≤ 0.05) and E' (p ≤ 0.01) velocities, and significantly higher E/E' ratios (p ≤ 0.01) at the MV, basal septum, and TV compared to controls (Wilcoxon rank-sum test). There were no significant differences in A' values between groups. Intraclass correlation demonstrated 84-99% interobserver and 98-99% intraobserver reliability. Conclusions: In asymptomatic newborn IDMs without cardiac hypertrophy, TDI suggests a subclinical decrease in systolic and diastolic myocardial function compared to controls.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and their prediction of future heart disease; Objective: Pregnancy provides an opportunity for a natural stress test, with the physiological demands of pregnancy acting as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health later in life. The 2011 Update of the American Heart Association's Evidence-Based Guidelines for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women identifies many complications of pregnancy as relevant in the determination of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. This is important because CVD is the leading cause of death in women worldwide. The purpose of this research was to determine if, in our diverse inner city population, pregnancies complicated by hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, or abruption were associated with future development of CVD. Methods: We identified women who delivered at a large, urban hospital in Bronx, NY from 1997-2001 who were treated for gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, intrauterine growth restriction, and placental abruption (n=183). A hospital database was used to identify our cohort and electronic medical records were reviewed to determine if these patients developed CVD over 10 years since the index pregnancy. The end points were subsequent Hypertension, Myocardial Infarction, Cerebrovascular disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Thromboembolic events. The cohort was compared to controls delivered at the same institution. Results: The relative risk (RR) of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus was 1.93 [CI 1.00-3.75], if the exposed population was older than 35 at the time of the index pregnancy. The RR of subsequent hypertension was 2.21 [CI 1.3-3.77] in African Americans at any age of index pregnancy, regardless of exposure. When comparing all exposed population to our controls; there is an increased risk in our population of CVD with a RR of 1.58 (CI 1.12-.2.23), and a p value of 0.01. Conclusions: In our large, diverse, urban population, age or the presence of preeclampsia were associated with an increased risk for adverse CVD. These women may be appropriate for early CVD risk screening and intervention at younger ages than previously identified. Women with adverse pregnancy outcomes should be targeted for risk factor modification and prevention programs.
Multiple pregnancy factors and serum lipids at age 40 year in Swedish women from the vasterbotten intervention programme; Introduction: Pregnancy factors provide an early window into future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women. It is uncertain which factors, when considered together, independently relate to later lipid levels. Methods: We used Swedish National Medical Birth Register data linked with the Vasterbotten Intervention Programme cohort. We related pregnancy factors (in any pregnancy) with serum lipid levels at age 40 years in parous women. Using linear regression analysis in crude and multivariable adjusted models, we related total parity, age at first delivery, infertility ≥ 5 years, preeclampsia, small for gestational age (SGA), preterm delivery, placental abruption and gestational diabetes to each of the four clinical lipid variables (total cholesterol, triglycerides HDL-C and LDL-C). HDL-C and LDL-C were measured in a smaller subset of women. Multivariable models were adjusted for all pregnancy factors in addition to annual income, education, smoking status, alcohol intake and body mass index. Results: In multivariable models, lower parity and younger age at first birth were related to increased total cholesterol (Table). Lower parity, younger age at first birth, gestational age < 37 weeks, and infertility ≥ 5 years were related to increased triglycerides. Preeclampsia was related to increased triglyceride and lower HDL-C only in crude models. Gestational diabetes was related to total cholesterol, triglyceride and lower HDL cholesterol in crude models only. SGA was related to total cholesterol and triglycerides in crude models only. Placental abruption was not associated with any lipid measures in either crude or multivariable models. Conclusions: Lower parity, younger age at first birth, a history of prolonged infertility prior to pregnancy and preterm delivery are independently related to alterations in lipid levels at age 40 years in women. The association between preeclampsia and later CVD does not appear to be independently mediated by dyslipidemia.
Elevated maternal glucose levels during gestation may confer specific risk for tetralogy of fallot; Introduction: Clinicians have long observed an association between maternal diabetes and risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) in offspring. Though the clinical diagnoses of Type 2 diabetes or gestational diabetes are strong maternal risk factors, this diagnostic classification captures only a subset of patients with overt hyperglycemia not more subtle abnormalities of glucose or insulin metabolism. We explored the potential risk for two different CHD phenotypes in offspring with with midpregnancy measures of glucose, insulin, and insulin resistance Hypothesis: We hypothesize that continuous measures of blood analytes related to maternal diabetes will be associated with the risk for two CHD phenotypes tetralogy of Fallot (ToF) and d-Transposition of the Great Arteries (dTGA) which have been recently associated with overt diabetes Methods: We assembled a prospective cohort of 277 women carrying infants with ToF (n=55), dTGA (n=42), or nonmalformed control infants without CHD (n=180), and measured serum insulin by a validated radioimmunoassay and glucose levels in second trimester blood samples. We performed univariable as well as multivariable analyses to investigate statistical associations Results: Maternal glucose levels were associated with elevated risk for both CHD phenotypes in offspring with an adjusted odds ratio (OR) of 6.61 (95%CI 1.67-26.13), which in subgroup analysis was driven by a strong association with ToF (OR 18.45, 95%CI 3.34-102.08) compared to the much lower OR for dTGA (OR 1.24, 95%CI 0.16-9.59) Conclusions: We observed that maternal blood glucose levels are strongly associated with risk for ToF, which is consistent with recent epidemiological data. These results represent the first direct correlation of glucose as a continuous variable to risk for specific cardiac malformations. In conclusion the association between serum glucose and risk for ToF suggest the need for additional epidemiological and mechanistic investigations into the risk for conferred by insulin signaling and glucose metabolism during early pregnancy.
Long QT syndrome with craniofacial, digital, and neurologic features: Is it useful to distinguish between timothy syndrome types 1 and 2?; Timothy syndrome (TS) is a rare genetic condition that associates long QT syndrome, structural heart defects, dysmorphic facial features, syndactyly, seizures, developmental delay, and autism. Timothy syndrome type 1 is caused by a recurrent de novo mutation (p.Gly406Arg) in exon 8A of the L-type calcium channel gene CACNA1C. Timothy syndrome type 2 was originally reported to be associated with a more severe cardiac phenotype but without syndactyly. Timothy syndrome type 2 is caused by mutation in an alternatively spliced exon 8 of the CACNA1C gene. Other mutations in CACNA1C are also reported with long QT syndrome with and without syndromic features overlapping that described in Timothy syndrome. The purpose of this report is to describe the presentation, physical features and natural history of a 4-year-old girl with Timothy syndrome type 2 due to the recurrent p.Gly406Arg mutation in exon 8 of CACNA1C. She has similar facial features to Timothy syndrome type 1 without syndactyly. She is developmentally delayed without autism. She recently had her first episode of torsade de pointes associated with febrile illness and hypoglycemia. The findings in this case provide further information about the phenotype and natural history of CACNA1C exon 8 mutation and together with previously reported cases of Timothy syndrome question whether the clinical and molecular distinction between Timothy syndromes types 1 and 2 remains clinically useful.
The association between umbilical cord abnormalities and the development of non-reassuring fetal heart rate leading to emergent cesarean deliveries; Objective:To study the contribution of umbilical cord (UC) abnormalities in emergent cesarean deliveries (ECDs) for non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) and to explore their association with placental histopathology and neonatal outcome.Study Design:Data from 530 ECDs for NRFHR were reviewed for the occurrence of UC abnormalities. Those included the presence of UC entanglements, the number and location of loops, true knots and short cord (<50 cm). Multiple UC entanglements were defined as ≥2 UC loops. Results were compared with 530 vaginal deliveries (VD group) matched for maternal age, parity and gestational age. Additionally, we compared neonatal outcome and placental histopathology in cases of ECDs with a single vs multiple UC entanglements. Neonatal outcome consisted of low Apgar score (≤7 at 5 min), cord blood pH≤7.1 and composite neonatal outcome that was defined as one or more of respiratory distress, necrotizing enterocolitis, sepsis, transfusion, ventilation, seizure, hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, phototherapy or death. Placental lesions were classified as: lesions related to maternal vascular supply, lesions related to fetal vascular supply (consistent with fetal thrombo-occlusive disease), and maternal and fetal inflammatory responses.Results:UC entanglements, true knots and short cords were all more common in the ECD group compared with the VD group, P<0.001, P=0.002, P=0.004, respectively. The rate of one loop entanglement did not differ between the groups. The rate of multiple UC entanglements was higher in the ECD group compared with the VD group, 20.6% vs 6.4%, respectively, P<0.001. ECDs with multiple compared with single UC entanglement had higher rate of adverse neonatal outcome, P=0.031, and more placental fetal vascular lesions 19.3% vs 8.1%, P=0.027, respectively.Conclusion:Multiple UC entanglements, true knots and short cords were more common in ECDs for NRFHR, suggesting their role in the development of fetal placental vascular lesions and adverse neonatal outcome.
Neonatal Hairy Ear Pinnae and Gestational Diabetes: Just a Coincidence?; A newborn girl of 36 weeks gestation was noted to have several anomalies, including bilateral low ear attachment with ear pinnae hypertrichosis, left preauricular pit, micrognathia, short lingual frenulum, and short neck. Pregnancy history revealed poorly controlled maternal gestational diabetes (GD). Localized hypertrichosis of the ear pinnae may represent a potential marker of GD and thereby alert physicians to suspect other potentially GD-associated conditions such as macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly those involving the central nervous system.
Obstetric complications in carriers of the m.3243A>G mutation, a retrospective cohort study on maternal and fetal outcome; Introduction: The mitochondrial DNA m.3243A. > G mutation is the most prevalent mutation causing mitochondrial disease in adult patients. Aside from some case reports, there are no studies on obstetric complications in a cohort of m.3243A > G carriers. We aimed to identify the prevalence of obstetric complications in a cohort of women carrying the m.3243A > G mutation. Methods: All female carriers of the m.3243A > G mutation known from our previous national inventory were sent a questionnaire regarding their obstetric history. Data were compared to national references. Data from the national inventory, including NMDAS (disease severity) scores and heteroplasmy levels in urinary epithelial cells (UEC) were used to stratify women. Results: Sixty women participated, the mean age was 47 years (range 20-70), mean NMDAS was 14.6 (range 0-46), and mean heteroplasmy percentage in UEC was 19.9% (range 5-85%). Ninety-eight pregnancies in 46 women were reported. Twenty-three (25.3%) had a premature delivery and five of them (5.5%) had a gestation of ≤ 32 weeks and eleven of the women (12%) suffered from preeclampsia. No different heteroplasmy level was found in the women with preeclampsia. Nine pregnancies (11%) were complicated by gestational diabetes. Discussion: Obstetric complications occur frequently in carriers of the m.3243A > G mutation. Proper guidance during pregnancies and early detection of possible obstetric complications are needed. As techniques to prevent transmission of mitochondrial mutations are studied it is important to know the possible complications patients may experience from the ensuing pregnancy.
Complex and irregular heart rate dynamics in fetuses compromised by maternal anemia as a high-risk pregnancy; Aim: To examine how complex and irregular fetal heart rate (FHR) dynamics differ between fetuses of normal pregnancies and those of pregnancies complicated by maternal anemia (MA), and to place this in the context of high-risk pregnancies. Methods: Our study population consisted of 97 pregnant women affected by MA, 118 affected by pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), 88 affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 53 with preterm premature rupture of membranes (pPROM), and 356 normal pregnancies as controls. We calculated approximate entropy (ApEn), sample entropy (SampEn), and correlation dimension (CD) to quantify irregularity and the chaotic dynamics of each FHR time series. Results: The ApEn in the fetuses of the MA and PIH groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05). The SampEn was significantly lower in the high-risk groups, except for the pPROM group, than in the normal controls (P<0.05). The CD in the PIH and severe MA groups was significantly lower than that of the normal controls (P<0.05, respectively). In the MA group, the dynamic indices showed a highly significant positive correlation with hemoglobin (Hb) levels (P<0.0001). Conclusion: The decreased complexity and/or irregularity in the FHR from pregnancies with MA may reflect abnormalities in the complex, integrated cardiovascular control. The irregularity and complexity of the FHR increased together with Hb levels in pregnancies with MA. Our data suggest that the integrity of the nervous system in the fetuses compromised by severe MA might result directly in adverse outcomes.
Incidence and outcomes of women with Hodgkin's lymphoma in pregnancy: A population-based study on 7.9 million births; Objective: The purpose of our study was to estimate the incidence and maternal and fetal outcomes of Hodgkin's lymphoma (HL) in pregnancy. Methods: We carried out a population-based cohort study on all births identified in the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project-Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2011. We calculated disease incidence and used logistic regression analysis to estimate the adjusted effect of HL on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Results: There were 638 cases of HL in pregnancy among 7,916,388 births, for an overall incidence of 8.06 per 100,000 births, with no perceivable trend over the 8-year study period. Relative to controls, HL in pregnancy was more common among Caucasians and women aged 25-34 years. After adjusting for baseline characteristics, women with HL in pregnancy were more likely to have preterm births, odds ratio (OR) 1.93 (1.53, 2.42) require postpartum blood transfusion, OR 1.38 (1.05, 1.82), and have venous thromboembolism (VTE), OR 7.93 (2.97, 21.22). Conclusion: The incidence of HL in pregnancy appears to be higher than previously reported with no temporal trend over an 8-year period. Although there is a greater risk of preterm birth and maternal postpartum blood transfusion and VTE, overall maternal and neonatal major morbidity and mortality does not appear to be increased.
The Additional Cost Burden of Preexisting Medical Conditions during Pregnancy and Childbirth; Objectives: To identify the prevalence of comorbidities in pregnant women and examine the incremental costs of these conditions on the care for mothers and their newborns. Methods: This was a retrospective comparative cohort study of women ages 15-49 years with a documented live-birth delivery using de-identified claims from the MarketScan Research Commercial Claims and Encounters database incurred between January 1, 2007, and December 31, 2011. Total health care costs from date of first pregnancy-related claim through 3 months postdelivery were reported; pregnancy-related comorbidities prior to the pregnancy diagnosis were identified and categorized in the 12 months prior to the pregnancy diagnosis, and costs associated with each condition were compiled. A subset of newborns was matched to their mothers using a unique family identifier and their costs were captured for the three months following birth. Comparisons of costs for both mothers and newborns were made using both unadjusted and multivariate analyses between mothers with and without each condition. Results: A total of 322,141 women with live births were identified; 135,572 of these mothers were linked to their newborn(s). Prevalent conditions included back disorders (8.9%), mental disorders (6.5%), headache (5.5%), allergic rhinitis (5.5%), and osteoarthritis (4.8%). Diabetes (0.97%) and hypertension (1.9%) were associated with the highest adjusted incremental costs of care in both mothers ($6,211 [95% confidence interval 5,720-6,702] and $3,367 [95% CI 2,935-3,799] respectively) and newborns ($2,067 [95% CI 1,515-2618]; and $1,210 [95% CI 725-1,695] respectively). The two most common conditions, back disorders and mental disorders, were associated with unadjusted costs of $1,895/$978 (mothers/infants) and $2,097/$1,902 (mothers/infants) respectively. Conclusion: Preexisting conditions common in pregnant women may result in additional resource utilization and costs for both mothers and newborns.
Maternal diabetes and cognitive performance in the offspring: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Objective: Diabetes during gestation is one of the most common pregnancy complications associated with adverse health effects for the mother and the child. Maternal diabetes has been proposed to negatively affect the cognitive abilities of the child, but experimental research assessing its impact is conflicting. The main aim of our study was to compare the cognitive function in children of diabetic and healthy pregnant women. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted through a literature search using different electronic databases from the index date to January 31, 2015. We included studies that assessed the cognitive abilities in children (up to 14 years) of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers using standardized and validated neuropsychological tests. Results: Of 7,698 references reviewed, 12 studies involving 6,140 infants met our inclusion criteria and contributed to meta-analysis. A random effect model was used to compute the standardized mean differences and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated. Infants (1-2 years) of diabetic mothers had significantly lower scores of mental and psychomotor development compared to control infants. The effect size for mental development was -0.41 (95% CI -0.59, -0.24; p<0.0001) and for psychomotor development was -0.31 (95% CI -0.55, -0.07; p = 0.0125) with non-significant heterogeneity. Diabetes during pregnancy could be associated with decreased intelligence quotient scores in school-age children, although studies showed significant heterogeneity. Conclusion: The association between maternal diabetes and deleterious effects on mental/psychomotor development and overall intellectual function in the offspring must be taken with caution. Results are based on observational cohorts and a direct causal influence of intrauterine hyperglycemia remains uncertain. Therefore, more trials that include larger populations are warranted to elucidate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has a negative impact on offspring central nervous system (CNS).
Diabetes Mellitus in Peru; Background Peru is an upper medium-income developing country with an increasing prevalence of chronic diseases, including diabetes. Objective To review and describe the epidemiology, drivers, and diabetes care plan in Peru. Methods The medical literature was reviewed based on systematic searching of PubMed, Scielo, and various gray literature from the International Diabetes Federation, World Health Organization, and local Peruvian agencies. Findings In Peru, diabetes affects 7% of the population. Type 2 diabetes accounts for 96.8% of outpatients visits with this condition. Type 1 diabetes has an incidence of 0.4/100,000 per year, and gestational diabetes affects 16% of pregnancies. The prevalence of glucose intolerance is 8.11% and that of impaired fasting glucose 22.4%. The prevalence of overweight, obesity, and metabolic syndrome in adults is 34.7%, 17.5%, and 25%, respectively. Metabolic syndrome prevalence is greater in women and the elderly and at urban and low-altitude locations. Diabetes is the eighth cause of death, the sixth cause of blindness, and the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease and nontraumatic lower limb amputation. In Peru, diabetes accounts for 31.5% of acute myocardial infarctions and 25% of strokes. Infections, diabetic emergencies, and cardiovascular disorders are the main causes for admissions, with a mortality rate < 10%, mainly as a result of infections, chronic kidney disease, and stroke. Sixty-two percent of the population has health insurance coverage, with inequities in the distribution of health care personnel across the country. Less than 30% of treated patients have a hemoglobin A1c < 7%. Conclusions Diabetes is a major health care issue in Peru that exposes difficult challenges and shortcomings. The national strategy for tackling diabetes includes promotion of healthy lifestyles; training primary care physicians and providing them with evidence-based clinical practice guidelines, safe and effective medications, and tools for monitoring treatment; and, finally, construction of a comprehensive health care network for early referral in order to prevent, detect, and treat diabetic complications.
Maternal exposure to diets containing flaxseed flour or flaxseed oil during pregnancy and lactation protects the aortic remodeling in adult male offspring of diabetic rat dams; BACKGROUND: Diabetes during pregnancy is associated with cardiovascular complications in the fetus and extends into adulthood. Therapeutic applications of flaxseed have been studied in cardiovascular disorders, because its oilseed is the best plant source of omega-3 fatty acid, which is currently considered by researchers to be an essential protective against cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of flaxseed flour and oil on cardiovascular biochemical parameters and the histoarchitecture of the aorta in adult rats which were offspring of diabetic mothers.
Neurodevelopment of Two-Year-Old Children Exposed to Metformin and Insulin in Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To compare cognitive, language, and motor skills and results of neurological examination in 2-year-old children born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus treated with metformin with those treated with insulin.
Epo Use in Pregnant Renopancreas Transplant Patients; Background: Pancreas-kidney transplantation (Tx) improvemes life and reproductive function. Anaemia (AN) is common in this population. Prenatal counselling address potential fetal complications; as well as worsening anaemia, hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, acute rejection or graft loss. The aim of this study was to evaluate the use of Erythropoietin (rHuEpo) during pregnancy in Tx recipients. Methods: Four double Tx (cadaveric donor) recipients, underwent successful pregnancies after a complex medical history of diabetes in their childhood with retinopathy & polyneuropathy, two with hypothyroidism, and end stage renal disease. They were all switched into a pregnancy-friendly schedule with azathioprine, tacrolimus and low prednisone dose. Iron supplements (IS) and rHuEpo were prescribed because of anaemia progression. Because of hypo-responsiveness to rHuEpo, doses were incresed to 8000 U/ week in the 4 pt.in the third trimester. Results: Serum creatinine (mg/dL) remained initially stable (1.28 ± 0.1); increased near delivery (36.2 wks) to 1.45 ± 0.1 and remained (1.32 ± 0.09) mg /dl postpartum. Blood pressure also increased near term without need of medication, serum uric acid rose to 6.2 ± 0.6 mg/dl and mild proteinuria (550 ± 155 mg/d) developed. They were all normoglycemic, with normal pancreatic and hepatic function throughout pregnancy and postpartum. rHuEpo and IS were stable mothers Hto (24.7%) and HB (8.2 g/dl) with normal ferric parameters. and reticulocytes. Fetal heart rate was normal. One pt developed preterm premature rupture of membranes; all pt delivered vaginally healthy babies, weight: 2100 ± 320 g. (IUGR) with no evidence of congenital anomalies. There was no postpartum hypertension and they continued with stable renal and HCT parameters. Three months later serum creatinine returned to baseline and no proteinuria was detected. rHuepo need to be decreased in all pt. postpartum, newborns outcome was uneventful. Conclusions: According to our study the administration of human recombinant erythropoietin has a beneficial effect in pregnancy without side effects. Preterm delivery, IUGR and low birth weight are common in this population probably due to other drug adverse effects.
L-arginine supplementation improves insulin sensitivity and beta cell function in offsprings of diabetic mothers through Akt and PDX-1 activation; The process by which the adverse effect of an environmental insult early in life may predispose to disease in adults is known as fetal programming. Modifications in maternal metabolism may induce structural and functional changes during embryonic development causing permanent metabolic abnormalities in the offspring. Exposure to a diabetic environment in utero is associated with a substantially higher risk of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the offspring. Insulin resistance and pancreatic islets dysfunction precede and contribute to the development of type 2 diabetes. Studies support the role for insulin resistance and hyperglycemia in the abnormal generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS) which can lead to an increase in oxidative stress. A potential modulation of ROS production in several cells and tissues could be mediated by NADP (H) oxidase enzyme and recent evidences has demonstrated its participation on pancreatic β cells and insulin secretory process. Some clinical studies has demonstrated that L- Arginie (L-Arg) supplementation increases antioxidant enzyme activity in patients with ischemic heart disease, improves endothelial function and oxidative stress in patients with type 2 diabetes. In addition experimental approaches have shown that L-Arg treatment attenuate both renal injury and hypertension the offspring from diabetic rats, related to an insufficient basal production of nitric oxide (NO), since after L-Arg administration, blood pressure levels and vascular reactivity returned to normal levels and attenuate inflammation. Considering these informations the aim of these study was to evaluate the impact of maternal diabetes on pancreatic islets, muscle and adipose tissue of the offspring and the effect of L-Arg supplementation. The induction of diabetes was performed by one single dose of streptozotocin - 60 mg/kg, by intraperitoneal injection. The offspring were divided into four subgroups: group CS (offspring of control mothers), group CA (offspring of controls receiving 2% L-Arg solution), group DS (offspring of diabetic) and group DA (offspring of diabetic mothes receiving L-Arg solution). Animals were studied at 3 months of age and L-Arg treatment was performed since weaning. The insulin tolerance test (ITT) showed that L-Arg improved the insulin sensitivity in the offspring of diabetic mother (CS 4.0 ± 0.3 X DS 3.4 ± 0.1 X DA 4.9 ± 0.1-%.min-1; P < 0.05) which was also reflected by the higher insulin-induced phosphorylation of Akt in muscle (2 fold) and epididymal adipose tissue (2 fold) measured by western blotting analyses. Our results also showed na increased interaction between citoplasmatic and membrane NAD(P)H oxidase subunits (p47PHOX with gp91 PHOX) in skeletal muscle tissue in the offspring of diabetic rats (DS) which was restored after L-Arg treatment in DA rats (CS 0.88 ± 0.06 X DS 3.09 ± 0.65 X DA 1.97 ± 0.35; P < 0.05). LArg treatement decreased by 62% protein expression of p47PHOX (DS X DA, P < 0.05) while increase Akt phosphorylation (2.5 fold DSxDA, P < 0.05) and 31% PDX-1 expression. Pancreatic islets of offspring of diabetic mothers increased 2.5-fold insulin secretion in low (2.8 mM) and 4-fold in high (16.7 mM) concentration of glucose. L-Arg reverses this effect suggesting be an important modulator in the insulin secretory process. We conclude that L-Arg should exert its effects directly onto essential molecules for the maintenance and survival of the pancreatic islets.
Clinical associations to abnormal umbilical cord length in Latin American newborns; INTRODUCTION: Umbilical cord is vital to fetal development and its alterations are related to fetal and neonatal deaths and to late neurological complications. Abnormal cord length has been recognized as the most important cord feature leading to unfavorable outcomes.We aimed to examine the relationship between fetal abnormalities and the length of umbilical cord using the ECLAMC (Estudio Colaborativo Latinoamericano de Malformaciones Congenitas/Latin American Collaborative Study on Congenital Malformations) database. METHODS:UsingECLAMCcase-control registries, we conducted an observational study on the relationship between umbilical cord length and clinical variables such as chromosomal abnormalities and neonatal malformations. RESULTS: Birth registries totaled 61820; of them 3411 had complete cord data. Abnormal length was found in 427, with 174 short (5.10%) cords and 253 long (7.41%) cords. No relation was found between abnormal cord length and gender, parity or parents age. More abnormal length cords were found than reported in other series; unexpectedly, more long cords were observed in twin gestations. It was observed that among short cords (174), 105 were from newborns with some type of malformation and 69 with no malformation (OR = 2.92, CI (95%) 2.15- 3.98, p = 0.0001); of the 253 long cords, 168 had malformation and only 85 did not (OR = 3.80, CI (95%) 2.91-4.96, p = 0.0001). CONCLUSIONS: Abnormal cord length is associated with fetal malformation. Further studies are needed to determine the clinical applicability of using this parameter in counseling during prenatal visits.
Neonate with VACTERL Association and a Branchial Arch Anomaly without Hydrocephalus; VACTERL (vertebral anomalies, anal atresia, cardiac defect, tracheoesophageal fistula, renal anomaly, limb anomalies) is an association of anomalies with a wide spectrum of phenotypic expression. While the majority of cases are sporadic, there is evidence of an inherited component in a small number of patients as well as the potential influence of nongenetic risk factors (maternal diabetes mellitus). Presence of hydrocephalus has been reported in VACTERL patients (VACTERL-H) in the past, with some displaying branchial arch anomalies. We report the unique case of an infant of diabetic mother with VACTERL association and a branchial arch anomaly-in the absence of hydrocephalus.
Role of ultrasound in the management of diabetes in pregnancy; The purpose of this review is to discuss the established role of ultrasound (US) in the management of pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus (DM), as well as new developments with regard to the use of US in this situation. We choose to explore the role of US in pregnancy complicated by DM in three areas:(1) Role of US in estimation of fetal weight.(2) Role of US in diagnosis of congenital malformation.(3) Role of US in monitoring diabetic pregnant patients.
Cardiovascular complications of pregnancy; Pregnancy causes significant metabolic and hemodynamic changes in a woman’s physiology to allow for fetal growth. The inability to adapt to these changes might result in the development of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia), gestational diabetes and preterm birth. Contrary to previous beliefs these complications are not limited to the pregnancy period and may leave permanent vascular and metabolic damage. There is in addition, a direct association between these disorders and increased risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD, including hypertension, ischemic heart disease, heart failure and stroke) and diabetes mellitus. Despite abundant evidence of this association, women who present with these complications of pregnancy do not receive adequate postpartum follow up and counseling regarding their increased risk of future CVD. The postpartum period in these women represents a unique opportunity to intervene with lifestyle modifications designed to reduce the development of premature cardiovascular complications. In some cases it allows early diagnosis and treatment of chronic hypertension or diabetes mellitus. The awareness of this relationship is growing in the medical community, especially among obstetricians and primary care physicians, who play a pivotal role in detecting these complications and assuring appropriate follow up.
Previous gestational diabetes history is associated with impaired coronary flow reserve; Background Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a prediabetic state that is known to increase the risk of cardiovascular diseases. We have investigated coronary flow velocity reserve (CFVR) and epicardial fat thickness (EFT), and left ventricular diastolic function in patients with a history of previous GDM (p-GDM).Methods Ninety-three women with GDM history and 95 healthy women without GDM history were recruited. We used transthoracic Doppler echocardiography to assess CFVR, EFT, and left ventricular diastolic function. Insulin resistance of each subject was assessed with homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Hemoglobin A1c and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were also measured in all patients.Results CFVR values were significantly lower (2.34 ± 0.39 versus 2.80 ± 0.24, p < 0.001) and EFT values were significantly higher in patients with p-GDM than the control group (5.5 ± 1.3 versus 4.3 ± 1.1, p < 0.001). E/E' ratio (7.21 ± 1.77 versus 6.53 ± 1.38, p = 0.003), hemoglobin A1c (5.2 ± 0.4 and 5.0 ± 0.3, p = 0.001), HOMA-IR (2.8 ± 1.4 versus 1.7 ± 0.9, p = 0.04), and hsCRP levels were significantly higher in the p-GDM group than the control group. Multivariate analysis revealed that gestational diabetes history is independently associated with CFVR.Conclusion Women with a GDM history may be at more risk regarding coronary microvascular dysfunction compared to the healthy ones.Key MessagesWhat is already known about this subject?Impairment of CFVR reflects coronary microvascular dysfunction and has been shown to be an early manifestation of atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.Several studies have shown an association between p-GDM and atherosclerosis by measuring intima-media thickness.What are new findings?This preliminary study on coronary microvascular function of patients with p-GDM revealed that CFVR is significantly impaired in p-GDM patients.Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, these results suggest that impaired CFVR may be an early manifestation of coronary vascular involvement in patients with p-GDM.How might it impact on clinical practice in the foreseeable future?In patients with p-GDM, the presence of impaired CFVR should render the clinician aware of the development of coronary artery disease.
Type 1, type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus differentially impact placental pathologic characteristics of uteroplacental malperfusion; Introduction During a pregnancy complicated by diabetes, the placenta undergoes a number of functional and structural pathologic changes. However, differences across studies may reflect pathophysiologic differences of diabetes types under investigation. Methods We examined placental pathology from women ages 18-40 years with self-identified race/ethnicity; singleton, live births; and type 1 (T1DM; n = 36), type 2 (T2DM; n = 37), or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; n = 126). Clinical data were abstracted from medical records. Placental diagnoses were independently re-reviewed by a perinatal pathologist. Multivariable analyses adjusting for race, gestational weight gain, gestational age, and systolic blood pressure were conducted. Results Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM had higher gestational weight gain (mean ± SD, T1DM vs. T2DM: 28.5 ± 12.4 vs. 20.5 ± 13.4 kg, p = 0.03; or GDM: 21.3 ± 12.7 kg, p = 0.009) and insulin use (T2DM: 100.0% vs. 85.3%, p = 0.02; or GDM: 4.0%, p < 0.001). Women with T1DM compared with either T2DM or GDM also had a similarly lower prevalence of placental infarcts in univariate analyses; however, these findings did not remain significant after multivariable adjustment. Also, placentas from women with T2DM compared to GDM had higher rates of decidual vasculopathy when excluding women with preeclampsia (10.3 vs. 1.6%, p = 0.049) and diffuse chorangiosis (62.2 vs. 32.5%, p < 0.001) but a lower rate of villous immaturity (10.8 vs. 90.5%, p = 0.007) after full adjustment. Discussion Placental vasculopathic abnormalities differ by maternal diabetes type, potentially reflecting underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Further research on placental pathology and metabolic derangements is warranted.
Does maternal race influence the short-term variation of the fetal heart rate? An historical cohort study; Objectives The main aim of this article was to analyze short-term variation (STV) of the fetal heart rate according to maternal race. The secondary aim was to study the baseline fetal heart rate according to this factor. Study design This single-center historical cohort study covered the period from November 2008 through December 2011 (n = 182). The inclusion criteria were: black women from sub-Saharan Africa or white European women, with a singleton pregnancy 34 weeks and fetal heart rate recorded by computerized analysis (Oxford Sonicaid System 8002) at a prenatal visit. The exclusion criteria were: medication likely to modify fetal heart rate, abnormal fetal heart rate tracing, and being in labor. A multiple linear regression analysis was used to study the association between maternal race and STV. Results STV was lower by 2.6 ms in fetuses of black women (n = 55) compared to those of white women (n = 127) (8.9 ± 2.1 ms vs. 11.4 ± 3.4 ms) (p < 0.001). The basal fetal heart rate was higher (p = 0.001), and the recording criteria were met less often for the black women (p = 0.04). After adjustment for maternal age, body mass index at the beginning of pregnancy, maternal cigarette smoking, parity, gestational diabetes, gestational age at the time of the fetal heart rate recording, and the time between the last meal and the recording, mean STV was lower by 3.1 ± 0.6 ms in fetuses of black compared with white women (p < 0.001). Conclusion STV is lower in fetuses of black women compared to those of white women in a low-risk population. A study of black and white women with high-risk pregnancies is necessary to assess the impact of medical practices on perinatal outcome after STV analysis.
Nutritional requirements for maternal and newborn health; During pregnancy, dietary energy and nutrient requirements are increased to support metabolism changes of the mother, as blood volume and red cells expansion, and the delivery of energy and nutrients to the fetus. This review aims to: i) identify and discuss maternal physiological changes during pregnancy related to nutrition; ii) clarify about the most recently nutritional recommendations for pregnant women, including special groups of pregnant women, who do not usually practice a healthy diet, those who arc in high-risk categories and pregnant athletes; iii) and clarify the importance of breastfeeding, specifically for the newborn, and infant formulae, as an alternative feeding. A literature review was undertaken by electronic databases PubMed, b-on, Scielo, Medline, Web of Science and Science Direct. The most recent original articles, systematic reviews and meta-analyses were used to search information from pregnancy, newborn baby, postpartum and nutritional status. The intake of whole grains, fruit, vegetables, low-fat dairy and lean meats can be preventive for an appropriate maternal weight and infant weight. Supplements should only be used when there is a deficiency. Special groups of pregnant women who do not usually practice a healthy diet, those who are in high-risk categories and pregnant athletes should daily take a multivitamin andmineral preparation containing a variety of nutrients beginning in the second trimester. A healthy diet and an appropriate body weight arc mandatory for maternal health and fetal outcomes. Breast milk is a unique source of energy and nutrients for the infant.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy-A case report; Peripartumcardiomyopathy is a unusual form of dilated cardiomyopathy with unknown etiology , that can be fatal in young women but with prompt diagnosis and intensive supportive measures can successfully be treated with goodlongterm prognosis in 90% cases.We report a previously asymptomatic women with no risk factor presented with pulmonary odemaon day three of cesarean section who is now under periodic ECHO follow up to assess the recovery in cardiac function.
Relationship between mean platelet volume and vitamin D deficiency in gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether vitamin D deficiency is associated with high mean platelet volume (MPV) in pregnancies diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to healthy pregnancies.
Altered angiogenesis the adverse birth outcomes in experimental placental malaria; Each year 125 million pregnant women are at risk of malaria infection. Placental malaria (PM) has a profound impact on maternal and child health, increasing the risk of stillbirth (SB) and low birth weight (LBW), and results in 200 000 infant deaths per year. We have shown that PM-mediated LBW is associated with dysregulated angiogenesis through the angiopoietin (Ang)-Tie2 axis; however, it is unknown whether these alterations are a cause or consequence of poor birth outcomes. We hypothesize that altered levels of Ang1/Ang2 during PM impairs placental vascular remodeling, directly resulting in poor birth outcomes. To test this, we used the Plasmodium berghei ANKA (PbA) mouse model of experimental PM (EPM) and found that levels of angiogenic (Ang1, Ang2, PlGF, VEGF) and inflammatory (sICAM-1, C5a) markers were altered with PbA infection. Further, an elevated ratio of Ang2/Ang1 in both maternal serum and placental mRNA was associated with PM-mediated LBW. To further interrogate the Ang-Tie2 pathway in PM, we compared Ang1+/- to WT mice and found that pups from infected Ang1-deficient dams were significantly smaller and had decreased viability compared to pups from PbA-infected WT mice, irrespective of pup genotype. This suggests that maternal Ang1 deficiency exacerbates SB and LBW associated with PM and that supplementing with recombinant Ang1 (rAng1) could potentially rescue these phenotypes. Combined with the genetic approach, the ability of rAng1 to prevent SB/LBW would establish a causal role for Ang1 in PM-associated adverse birth outcomes. To determine the impact of Ang1 deficiency on fetoplacental vasculature, we are employing microCT 3D imaging to compare placentas from PbA-infected Ang1+/- and WT mice to examine the number of vessels and degree of vascular remodeling. Overall, these studies will provide novel insights into mechanisms underlying malaria-complicated pregnancies and may identify novel interventions to prevent poor birth outcomes in PM. Further, our findings may have broad implications for other causes of adverse pregnancy outcomes associated with vasculopathy including preeclampsia and gestational diabetes.
Insulin resistance and cardiometabolic risk factors in obese children and adolescents; Introduction: Insulin resistance (IR) is a main factor involved in the development of type 2 diabetes and atherosclerosis. Its complex diagnose during childhood contribute to the recognition of individuals in high cardiometabolic risk. The present study was designed to expose the characteristics of insulin resistance in obese children and adolescents and its relationship with cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension, dyslipidemia and impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Methodology: 187 obese children and adolescents with a mean age of 10.5 ± 3.0 years participated in the study. Family history of diabetes, gestational diabetes and impaired birth weight antecedents, weight, height, waist and hip circumference, nigricans acanthosis, pubertal stage, blood pressure, blood glucose, insulin, cholesterol, triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-c) were determined. IR was assessed through the insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR). Results: The prevalence of IR was 63.6%, highest in female than in male obese (p = 0.011). It was associated to puberty (p = 0.015) and the presence of nigricans acanthosis (p = 0.001). Obese children and adolescents with IR showed highest means of waist circumference (p = 0.012), diastolic/systolic pressure (p = 0.019/p = 0.017), and fasting glucose, insulin (p = 0.000) and triglyceride (p = 0.014) plasmatic levels. Impaired fasting glucose (p = 0.001), hipertrygliceridemia (p = 0.041) and low HDL-c (p = 0.032) were more frequent in obese with IR. There was no association between family history of type 2 diabetes, gestational diabetes in mothers or impaired birth weight, and the presence of IR. Conclusions: IR was related to pubertal development, nigricans acanthosis and the presence of prediabetes and atherogenic dislipydemia in obese children and adolescents.
Maternal high fat diet and late gestational diabetes mellitus impairs pulmonary vasculogenesis in offspring of diabetic mothers; Background: Maternal diabetes and obesity are both associated with increased circulation of metabolic fuels such as glucose and lipids that can cross the placenta. While it is known that children of diabetic mothers are more likely to suffer from newborn respiratory distress and that fatty acids regulate lung growth, little is understood about how glucose- and fatty acid-induced fetal programming of lung development occurs and if these events function in parallel or independent pathways. Objectives: Investigate the manner in which gestational diabetes and maternal high fat consumption adversely affect offspring pulmonary development. Design and Methods: A rat model was developed that simulates the human conditions by pharmacologically inducing gestational diabetes with streptozotocin to pregnant dams sustained on a high fat to study fetal lung development. Physiological (cardiopulmonary echocardiogram, respiratory mechanics), histopathological (epithelial and vascular cell markers, vessel quantification, mean chord length), and molecular (VEGF signaling, fatty acid status) outcomes were determined in offspring of diabetic mothers at birth and after 3 weeks of age. Results: Offspring of diabetic mothers on a high fatty acid diet had pulmonary hypoplasia and hypertension at birth followed by decreased pulmonary compliance and hysteresis with increased elastance and respiratory system resistance. Fewer pulmonary vessels (positive for von Willebrand factor) were enumerated in groups acclimated to the high fat diet regardless of diabetic status. Impaired vasculogenesis correlated with reduced levels of VEGF with possible compensatory phosphorylation of Akt. Glucose-dependent pulmonary expression of thioredoxin interacting protein (Txnip) increased in offspring of diabetic mothers yet was attenuated by a maternal high fat diet. Conclusions: Altered expression of angiogenic signaling pathways, including the Txnip-VEGF-Akt axis, may serve as primary molecular targets responsible for the pathologic associations linking maternal influences of diabetes and dietary fat composition with impaired pulmonary vasculogenesis and lung function.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study; Objectives: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. Method: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched women without ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. Results: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% CI: 0.94-1.21), but specifically with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI: 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI: 1.26-5.46). Later immune-mediated diseases were more common (HR 1.28, 95% CI: 1.19-1.38), specifically diabetes (HR 1.47, 95% CI: 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI: 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI: 1.07- 1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI: 1.11-1.58) Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI: 1.14-2.10) exept ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI: 0.93-1.58). ICP women had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI: 1.06-1.19). Conclusions: This population-based study in women with ICP found increased risks of later hepatobiliary cancer, thus we strongly recommend a follow-up of liver function tests 6-12 weeks after delivery in all women with ICP, with and without persisting pruritus, and if liver enzymes are elevated, further evaluation by a hepatologist. It also showed an increased risk of immune-mediated diseases and a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease. Cardiovascular disease was particularly prevalent in women with ICP and concomitant preeclampsia, for these women we recommend an annual control of blood pressure.
Active management of labor and delivery using second generation fetal pulse oximetry (FPO) on the fetal torso via an intrauterine placement allows clinicians to more timely maximize uterine placental sufficiency and assess perturbations that may increase or decrease fetal oxygen saturation; Objectives: Fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring has poor sensitivity/ specificity for fetal wellness and is a poor indicator of fetal concern. FPO and heart rate monitoring may allow clinicians to more readily improve fetal wellness by identifying perturbations that improve fetal wellness. FPO above 40% with non-reassuring FHR should mandate additional concern as average FPO is generally 64%. FPO drifts below 30% are associated with fetal acidosis. FPO allows for timely knowledge of what specific clinical changes may decrease the baby's saturation during maternal supine positioning, chemically induced labor, epidural anesthesia, or other medical intervention that may be used. Method: A flexible silicone intrauterine FPO sensor (CE-1certified Prothea5) was advanced via a trans-vaginal insertion after >1.5 centimeter of cervix dilation in 1500 parturients. 150 of these vaginal births were continuously monitored for FPO for 1, 5, and 10 minute APGAR and Sat% scoring. 50 additional C-section births were placed on their sensor for APGAR-Sat%. All parturients with FPO below 40% were identified. The birthing team was asked to consider changes in maternal body position, alterations in induction medications or minimizing bolus epidural anesthesia, augmenting maternal blood pressure, or any othe clinical changes including six who walked with continuous FPO. Results: FHRs correlated well comparing fetal ultrasound and FPO. Sensors placed with intact versus ruptured membranes had mean Sat% of 64 and 65%, respectively. Continuous FPO was obtained 84% of the time. 54 subjects with Sat% below 30% were identified. 11 were associated with bolus injections of 0.25% bupivacaine and/or associated with increasingly dosages of oxytocin. The lowest FPO of 18% in an obese diabetic mother having both medications and normal FHRs. Crash C-section performed after deep decelerations 20 minutes later and recovering FPOs of 38 - 42% delivered with cord ABG of 6.8 and Base of -28. Conclusions: We may hold the smoking gun when we note acute drops in FPO that are also then noted 25 minutes later with nonreassuring FHRs. Large doses of epidural anesthesia, labor inducing medication, supine maternal positioning, restriction from walking, may have significant negative effects on the fetal-placenta circulation. Active repositioning of the mother, carefully titrating induction agents, using maternal inotropes to increase uterine-placental sufficiency increased the FPO values and the margin of safety during labor and delivery in a substantive percentage of this observational study. Interestingly, in this sample the highest FPO improvements were noted among 6 walking epidural parturients.
Poverty associated childhood diabetes in India: Clinical profile, complications, comorbidities and challenges (1987-2011-2015); Objective: To analyze longitudinal [2011-2015] clinical profile, glycemic control, complications and co-morbidities of a cohort of underprivileged children with diabetes [onset 1-18 years] DISHA Free Clinic, India. Methods: DISHA: Beginning 1987, 3,000 children provided free insulin, syringes, health counseling, 24 h helplines. Since 2006, BG meters and 5-10 strips/month added. Basal bolus insulin [meal time regular + bedtime NPH] 100%. DISHA + CDiC/LFAC: 2011- ongoing: [Changing Diabetes in Children and Life for a Child with Diabetes] 241 children receiving enhanced support - 100 BG strips/ month, limited biochemical evaluations [TSH, quarterly HbA1c, annual urine albumin: creatinine ratio]. Results: 1. Type 1 Diabetes 95%; 2. Type 2 Diabetes 1% (discontinued insulin on follow-up); 3. Other Specific Types 4% [A. Monogenic Diabetes: Permanent Neonatal Diabetes 5 (Wolcott Rallison syndrome 1; Insulin gene mutation 1; under genetic analysis 3); Wolfram syndrome 2; D. Chronic pancreatitis 3]; 4. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus 0%. Age onset T1DM: 9.6y; 0-5 years: 20%; 6-10 years: 34%; 11- 15 years: 39%; 16-18 years: 7%. Duration Diabetes: 8.6y; Rural: Urban = 48: 52. Follow up 3 years. HbA1C trend (%) Improvement: 39%; Stable: 50%;Worsening: 11%. Nephropathy trend (%) On ACE inhibitors/ARB = 25%. Retinopathy: Non-proliferative: 3%; Proliferative 1%. Hypothyroidism: 21% (at enrollment 14%; new diagnosis 7%). Acute myocardial infarction: One 20 year girl with T1DM from age 4 year. (Table Presented) Conclusions: Childhood onset diabetes in economically underprivileged in India is almost exclusively type 1 [cf: type 2 diabetes in (affluent) children 16-46% USA; ? India - but increasing]. Aggressive poverty alleviation of masses and better health and longevity of children with diabetes remain challenge and dream - India.
Aortic intima media thickness and lipid profile in infants of diabetic mothers; Objectives: Maternal diabetes mellitus may lead to altered fetal serum lipoprotein composition consistent with high atherogenic risk. The measurement of the aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) in newborns is a sensitive marker of atherosclerosis risk which was not extensively studied in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). We aimed to investigate the relationship between abdominal aIMT, left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and lipid profile in IDM. Methods: This study was conducted on 60 neonates delivered in Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, Ain Shams University; group 1 (20 macrosomic IDM), group 2 (20 non macrosomic IDM) that were compared to 20 age and sex matched neonates as controls. All neonates were subjected to clinical evaluation and laboratory investigations including maternal HbA1C, maternal and neonatal HDL, LDL, triglycerides (TG) and total cholesterol). 2D, M mode, pulsed and continuous wave, color Doppler echocardiography for assessment of interventricular and posterior wall thickness, LVMI and aIMT (7.5 pediatric phase array transducer). Results: aIMT and LVMI were significantly the highest among the macrosomic IDM group and the lowest among the control group. A highly significant increase in serum cholesterol, HDL, LDL was found in non macrosomic than macrosomic IDM (p = 0.008, 0.001 and 0.001 respectively). A highly significant positive correlation was found between aIMT and maternal serum TG, cholesterol, HbA1C (p = 0.001, 0.001, 0.029 respectively), neonatal serum cholesterol and TG(p = 0.003, 0.01) in macrosomic IDM. Apositive correlation was found between LVMI and aIMT of all IDM (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Non macrosomic IDM have disturbed lipid profile in the form of elevated lserum cholesterol and LDL levels. Both macrosomic and non macrosomic IDM have higher values of aIMT and LVMI than controls concluding that IDM may have an evidence of increased risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and atherosclerosis since birth.
Arterial stiffness and hemodynamics in women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes: A prospective longitudinal study; BACKGROUND: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP; i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) and gestational diabetes (GDM) are among the most common problems in pregnancy. These complications can lead to severe perinatal outcomes and long-term cardiovascular consequences. Currently, there is no tool in clinical practice for the prediction of these complications. Thus an effective screening tool is vital. Arterial stiffness, shown to be an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease, represents a promising tool for the detection of vascular dysfunction underlying these obstetric conditions. To this end, the aim of this study was to assess the differences in arterial stiffness and hemodynamics between glucose-tolerant women with a normotensive pregnancy and those who developed a composite outcome. METHODS: In this perspective longitudinal study of women with singleton pregnancies and at least one risk factor for HDP or GDM were recruited. Arterial stiffness and hemodynamics were evaluated with applanation tonometry (SphygmoCor, Sydney, Australia) between 10-14 weeks' gestation, every 4 weeks thereafter, within 24 hours of delivery, and at 6 weeks post-partum. RESULTS: Of the 54 participants (maternal age: 36.2 ± 4.5 years; body mass index: 26.0 ± 6.9), 3 developed gestational hypertension, 3 pre-eclampsia, and 3 GDM. In the first trimester, 7 of the 9 women who went on to develop a composite outcome were identified with higher carotidfemoral pulse wave velocity than the median cutoff while 8 had a carotid-radial pulse wave velocity below the median. These differences were maintained throughout pregnancy as well as in the post-partum period. No differences in pulse wave reflection, as measured by the augmentation index, subendocardial endoviability ratio, or central blood pressure were observed between the two groups. CONCLUSION: Preliminary results suggest that both central (carotid-femoral) and peripheral (carotid-radial) arterial stiffness may be useful in the stratification of high-risk women for the early identification of women who will go on to develop a composite outcome. Furthermore, given the increased postpartum arterial stiffness observed in women who developed an outcome, applanation tonometry may also be a useful tool for identifying the mechanism underlying long-term cardiovascular risk in this population.
Diabetes during pregnancy and the risk of peripartum cardiomyopathy: A population-level analysis of 213 058 women; BACKGROUND: Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a form of heart failure that occurs during or right after pregnancy. Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) status is a risk factor for the development of PPCM. The objectives of our study were to: 1) determine the incidence of PPCM (overall, and across DM categories); and 2) examine obstetrical and neonatal outcomes associated with PPCM in a contemporary population level cohort in Alberta, Canada. METHODS AND RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 213 058 women who had a live birth between 04/2002 to 12/2009. Women with more than one pregnancy during the study time period were counted multiple times resulting in 294 443 birth events and 299 561 newborns. PPCMwas defined based on the NHLBI/NIH definition, modified for registry and administrative data (ICD-10 codesO90.3,O99.4, I50, J81) occurring 2months prior to delivery and up to 6 months postpartum. Women were categorized into three groups according toDMstatus: 1) no DM; 2) gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM); and 3) pre-existing DM (pre-DM). A total of 769 cases of PPCM were identified resulting in an incidence rate for PPCMof 2.6/1000 (or 1/385) live births. The baseline characteristics of mothers with and without PPCM are presented in Table 1.Women withPPCM weremore likely to be older, heavier, have multiple gestation, be induced, and undergo C-section. The incidence of PPCM was higher in pregnancies with pre-DM and GDM versus those without either (Figure 1). Neonatal mortality (within 28 days)was higher among infants born to mothers with PPCM and without DM or GDM (1.2%) compared to thosewithGDMonly (O.2%, p<0.01), but not among those with pre-DM only (0.9%). CONCLUSION: Both pre-existing DM and GDM were associated with an increased incidence of PPCM. Fetal outcomes were worse with maternal PPCM, and thus a multidisciplinary team of experts in obstetrics, maternal-fetal medicine, and cardiology should manage pregnancies complicated by PPCM.
Fetal cardiac function-evaluation of systolic and diastolic function; Fetal echocardiography was initially employed to detect congenital heart disease, but its use in fetal cardiac function assessment has recently been proposed. Fetal cardiac dysfunction may be due to an intrinsic myocardial disease or to a secondary adaptive mechanism. The latter is particularly important because the heart seems to be a central organ in the fetal adaptive response to a variety of insults. Consequently, fetal echocardiography including assessment of systolic and diastolic function may be useful in the detection, monitoring and prognosis of diseases that may affect fetal cardiac function. The primary function of the heart is to eject blood in order to provide adequate perfusion of organs. The heart achieves this function by contracting its muscular walls around a closed chamber to generate sufficient pressure to eject blood from the ventricle through the aortic/pulmonary valve and into the aorta/pulmonary artery (systole). An adequate filling of the ventricle from the atria (diastole) is also essential. In order to maintain normal cardiac function, both systolic and diastolic processes must be preserved and time events must occur in a synchronized manner. The use of 2D, M-mode, conventional and tissue Doppler, 2D-spekle tracking and 4D-statio temporal image correlation permit to evaluate ejection fraction, ventricular inflow and outflows, stroke volume and cardiac output, ejection and isovolumetric times, myocardial performance index, and myocardial displacement, velocity, strain and strain-rate of the fetal heart. In spite the obvious difficulties of assessing a small and moving organ within a small, moving, and changing patient, fetal echocardiography has demonstrated to by a feasible and reliable tool for assessing fetal cardiac function with adequate equipment and specific training. Functional echocardiography may be useful to select high-risk populations and to monitor several fetal conditions including intrauterine growth restriction, twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes, and congenital diaphragmatic hernia. In addition, given the substantial evidence indicating the occurrence of programming of adult cardiovascular disease in fetal life, cardiac function assessment might help to predict perinatal and long-term cardiovascular outcomes.
Prevention and Management of postpartum haemorrhage; Prevention of PPH: RCTs have shown that oxytocin administration can eliminate about 2/3 of PPH, severe PPH and other parameters of blood loss. I suggest simplistic approach for prevention. In under-developed areas (no refrigeration) - Misoprostol (600-800 mg) either orally or preferably rectally would provide a good prevention with little side effects. In the developing world Oxytocin should be used. In the developed world - PPH is on the rise (reasons: Advanced maternal age, obesity, GDM, macrosomia, polyhydramnios, multiples etc). In this setting the Canadian (SOGC) guidelines call for the use of Carbetocin in women that undergo CS and in women that have 1 or more risk factors for PPH. About 80% of labours have risk factors so most labors will require Carbetocin. Medical therapy (most are off license or label): 1. Oxytocin - IV drip of concentrations of up to 40U/l. A single dose 5U could be administered slowly or IM. (this is different from the 10U recommended by the FIGO in 2003). Lower dose has lower the risk of hypotension. we found that the ED50 of oxytocin is 0.5 U (and not the recommended dose of 5U). 2. Misoprotol - May be added to oxytocin or used alone in low resource setting or home births. It is effective the skills required minimal skills in administration as the optimal route is rectal (Note that the FIGO guidelines recommended sublingual dose). 3. Prostagladin F2 alpha - Best injected to the uterus. The operator may opt for the fundus if it is atonic or aim for the lower segment if the fundus is firm. PF2alpha may aggravate asthma and mimic amniotic fluid embolism as the clinical picture is of PPH and airway constriction. 4. Dinoprostone (Prostin E2) suppository. It is contraindicated in hypotension. It also needs to be thawed which may reduce its effectivity. 5. Methylergonovine - Should not be used in hypertensive patients as it may further aggravate the hypertension and was reported to cause strokes. 6. Methergin - A combination of oxytocin and Ergonovine. Should not be used in hypertensive patients similarly to ergonovine alone. 7. Transanemic acid - antifibronolytic with mixed results. 8. Factor VII - it is very expensive (few thousands dollars) ; requires fibrinogen to act ; requires consultation with hematologists. 9. Nano particles - This is a very promising approach. However it is not in used in humans yet.
Screening for congenital anomalies in the first trimester; First-trimester ultrasound brings us a great opportunity for the evaluation of the patient-specific risk for different conditions. The combined screening for aneuploidies uses age-related maternal risk, nuchal translucency (NT) and biochemical parameters to obtain a detection rate over 90% for a FPR <5%. The new techniques for the detection of cfDNA in maternal blood will be eventually included, probably in a contingent protocol, to complement the screening of chromosomopaties. Regarding the study of anatomy, a sagittal view of the whole fetus and different cross-sectional views of the head, thorax and abdomen are mandatory for the detection of certain malformations that must be never missed: cephalocele, acrania, holoprosencephaly, exomphalos, gastroschisis and megacystis. A mid-sagittal view of the fetal head serves to measure the NT and to evaluate the nasal bone and the facial profile. Several midline structures of the CNS can be identified (thalamus, midbrain, brain stem, cisterna magna); the inability to image the fourth ventricle (intracranial translucency) has been reported as an ultrasound marker for the early diagnosis of open spina bifida. One of the main contributors to a thickened NT in the presence of a normal karyotype is a fetal cardiac defect; a fetal echocardiography is then indicated and it can be accomplished in the late first trimester. An enlarged NT increases the risk for other adverse outcomes, the larger the NT, the higher the risk: skeletal dysplasia, diaphragmatic hernia, different syndromes, fetal death and macrosomia. In multiple pregnancies, chorionicity and amnionicity should be established in the first weeks. None of the potential markers for monochorionic-pregnancy-related complications have proven to accurately identify the high-risk cases thus close follow-up is still indicated throughout pregnancy. Assessment of risk for other complications of pregnancy (preterm birth, preeclampsia and IUGR) is also amenable to first-trimester ultrasound, although the evaluation should not be restricted to early pregnancy. At present, cervical length seems to be a better predictor for prematurity when evaluated during the second trimester. Preeclampsia and IUGR are often late events of multifactorial origin therefore some cases are difficult to be predicted at the beginning of pregnancy. The advantages of first-trimester detection of chromosomopaties and fetal malformations are undeniable. Regarding other adverse outcomes, though, there are still some controversies (best algorithms for each condition, prevention and treatment interventions, false positive cases, lateonset events) to be discussed before we can state that early detection is a synonym for better outcomes.
Fetal morbidity in diabesity; Diabetes and obesity represent today an almost epidemic condition in developed countries. Many pregnant women present one or two of these conditions, and due to their common pathologic pathways they are now known as Diabesity. The evolution of pregnancies in these conditions is altered by complications developing from the embryonic period, during the second and third trimester, in the neonatal period and as some recent papers suggest also metabolic and developmental problems in childhood and adult life. During the first trimester the main risk in diabetes is the occurrence of malformations, that have a 3-4 OR and is dependent of the metabolic balance before and during the embryonic period. The obesity prior to pregnancy has also an increased risk for malformations. In these conditions early ultrasound scan at 11-14 weeks is mandatory, especially when the HbA1C is augmented. In obesity transvaginal scan can be very helpful. In obese patients there are metabolic modification which are similar with those of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus, and there is a strong correlation between obesity and diabetes in pregnancy. There is also a small systemic inflammatory reaction and an endothelial dysfunction. During the second and the third trimester structural and functional problems in patients with diabetes and/or obesity are more frequent than in normal pregnancies. The morphologic ultrasound scan at 19-22 weeks must be perform with a special emphasis on the fetal heart. The fetal growth is altered in diabetes by the occurrence of asymmetrical macrosomia that is dependent of the pre-pregnancy BMI, of the higher gestational weight gain and of the maternal glycemic control. These factors can act alone or in combinations. The main pathways are increased peripheral insulin resistance in the pregnant woman and the fetal hyperinsulinism. Serial ultrasound scan can identify these anomalies from 26-28 weeks onwards. The association of preeclampsia is frequent in these pregnancies and can determine a late placental insufficiency and fetal distress in a normal or even a macrosomic fetus. The utilization of Doppler examination is mandatory. The cardiac structure and function of fetuses in diabetic pregnancies is modified. A systolic dysfunction may by present due to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The perinatal morbidity in increased due to the complications of the delivery of a macrosomic fetus and to the complications of the neonatal period. The long-term outcome of these fetuses is affected by the risk of developing obesity, cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes.
Differential regulation of cord blood neurotrophins in maternal diabetes: The impact of fetal growth abnormalities; Background: Maternal diabetes may induce either fetal macrosomia or growth restriction and is associated with neurodevelopmental aberration predisposing individuals to later psychopathology. Neurotrophins are neuroprotective agents critically involved in prenatal neuronal growth, differentiation and survival. Abnormal expression of neurotrophic factors in the developing fetal brain may mediate the relationship between maternal diabetes and later offspring neurodevelopmental disorders. Objective: To determine whether neurotrophins brain-derived neurotrophic factor-(BDNF), nerve growth factor-(NGF) and neurotrophin-4-(NT4) are differentially expressed in cord blood samples at birth in large-for-gestational-age-(LGA), intrauterine-growth-restricted-(IUGR) and appropriate-forgestational- age-(AGA) offspring of diabetic mothers, as compared to AGA controls from non-diabetic mothers. Methods: BDNF, NGF and NT4 concentrations were prospectively determined by ELISA in 80 cord blood samples from LGA (n=15), IUGR (n=12) and AGA (n=33) diabetic, as well as from AGA normal (controls, n=20) singleton full-term pregnancies. Results: Fetal BDNF concentrations were considerably decreased in diabetic, as compared with normal pregnancies [(b=-2.836, 95%CI-5.067-(-0.604), p=0.013)] and were higher in females (b=2.298, 95%CI 0.357-4.238, p=0.021). Cord blood NGF concentrations were lower in IUGR than AGA infants (p=0.038). In the IUGR group, BDNF concentrations were higher in fetuses delivered vaginally [b=-5.772, 95%CI-9.932-(-1.611), p=0.011]. Cord blood BDNF concentrations positively correlated with NGF (r=0.260, p=0.025) and NT4 (r=0.293, p=0.010) ones. Conclusions: BDNF is down-regulated in the fetus exposed to maternal diabetes, independently of fetal growth pattern, probably representing a candidate mechanism underlying the association between diabetes in pregnancy and later psychopathology. IUGR fetuses born to diabetic mothers present with NGF deficiency, which may contribute to long-term neurodevelopmental sequelae. However, vaginal delivery is associated with higher BDNF concentrations in IUGR fetuses, potentially providing neuroprotection. Gender-dependent differences in cord blood BDNF, may partly explain the higher prevalence of adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes following brain insults in male infants. The positive association between cord blood BDNF, NGF and NT4 concentrations may be consistent with the coordinated mechanism of gene activation of these neurotrophins during fetal development.
Shoulder dystocia and risk factors for birth injury in gestational diabetes: A four-year experience; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GD) is considered to be one of the major risk factors for shoulder dystocia and birth trauma. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the incidence of shoulder dystocia and traumatic birth injuries in gestational diabetic pregnancies and identify risk factors related to fetal injury in this population. Methods: We conducted a retrospective descriptive study over a 4-year period (2011-2014). We analysed 448 term singleton pregnancies complicated by GD, with fetuses in a cephalic presentation. 19 neonates who experienced birth trauma (study group) and 429 newborns without neonatal injuries (control group) were identified. We considered birth trauma the following diagnosis: fractures, neurologic injuries, subgaleal haemorrhage and intracranial haemorrhage. GD was diagnosed using the IADPSG criteria. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS version 20.0 software. A p value <0.05 was considered significant. Results: Shoulder dystocia occurred in 3,1% of all term pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes. Birth trauma occurred in 19 pregnancies, which corresponded to an incidence of 4,2%, 6,7% for vaginal deliveries, which is higher than the general population. The injuries identified were clavicular fractures (42,1%), brachial plexus injury (21,1%), subdural haemorrhage (5,3%), subarachnoid haemorrhage (5,3%) and subgaleal haemorrhage (5,3%). The two groups were similar with respect to mean maternal age (32,2 vs 32,9 years), pregestational body mass index (BMI) (28,6 vs 27,6 Kg/m2), weight gain during pregnancy, family history of gestational diabetes and prior GD. The group with birth trauma had more cases of macrosomia in previous pregnancy (15,8% vs 3,5%, p<0,05). There were not statistical differences between the two groups with respect to the time of diagnosis of GD, need of insulin therapy and gestational age of onset of insulin therapy. The mean gestational age was 39 weeks in both groups. There were more vacuum and forceps assisted delivery in the study group (50% vs 29%, P=0,06). Mean birth weights (3421 vs 3241 g) were higher in the birth trauma group. Conclusion: The incidence of shoulder dystocia and birth trauma was higher in gestational diabetic population. In our study, birth trauma was more frequent with assisted delivery, fetus with higher birth weight and history of macrossomia in previous pregnancy. However, the occurrence of shoulder dystocia and birth trauma cannot be accurately predicted by antenatal or intrapartum risk factors. Therefore all obstetric care providers should be able to promptly recognize shoulder dystocia and should be alert for birth trauma, especially in gestational diabetic population.
A rare case of primary lymphedema in pregnancy with subacuteve nous thrombosis; This paper presents a 26 year old primigravid with a chief complaint of leg swelling on her 26 weeks AOG. Dupplex scan of the left lower extremity was done and revealed subacute venous thrombosis and venous insufficiency of the right leg. On routine prenatal check up, patient was diagnosed with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, hence intervention with medical nutrition therapy was advised. Multi- specialty referral to Cardiology, Hematology and Surgery was done to manage both medical and obstetrical concerns of the patient. On her 30 weeks AOG, she was admitted for preterm labor and was started on tocolysis with magnesium sulfate. Thereafter anti-coagulation with heparin and unfractionated heparin was maintained until 37 weeks to prevent venous thromboembolism. Antenatal corticosteroids Dexamethasone was administered at 34 weeks for fetal lung maturity. Weekly antenatal surveillance with Biophysical Scoring, Non Stress Test, and fetal movement counting was accomplished as recommended by perinatology service. At 38 weeks and 2 days, patient had spontaneous onset of labor and eventually delivered vaginally under epidural anesthesia. She delivered to a live baby boy with Apgar score of 7,9 Birthweight of 2948 grams. Effective post partum family planning of choice with Depo Medroxy Progesterone Acetate was initiated at 6 weeks postpartum.
Role of ultrasound in the management of diabetes in pregnancy; The purpose of this is presentation is to discuss the established role of ultrasound in the management of pregnancy complicated by Diabetes Mellitus (DM), as well as new developments with regards to the use of ultrasound in this situation. We choose to explore the role of US in pregnancy complicated by DM in three areas: 1. Role of ultrasound in estimation of fetal weight. We will highlight the importance of using fractional limb volume in addition to standard biometry. I believe that such a technique can add accuracy to estimation of fetal weight and can be clinically useful. However, it goes without saying these technique should only be used by the experienced trained operator with the right machine. A presentation on this new technique may encourage more perinatologists to use it clinically 2. Role of ultrasound in diagnosis of congenital malformation. It is well established that the risk of fetal congenital malformation is much higher in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM) compared to non-diabetic pregnant patients. In most publications, the incidence of fetal malformations in this condition can be as high as 10%. Fetal congenital malformation can affect virtually every single organ in the fetus in GDM and PGDM, however, this effect is more common in the central nervous system and cardiovascular system. Diagnosis of congenital heart defect is very difficult and requires great skill in scanning. There are many reasons for this poor detection rate, in view of this any new diagnostic modalities are highly welcomed to improve antenatal detection of congenital heart disease. In this presentation I will discuss the new 3D/4D based Spatio-Temporal Imaging Correlation (STIC). A presentation on this new technique may encourage more perinatologists to use it clinically which may improve the detection rate of congenital heart disease. 3. Role of ultrasound in monitoring diabetic pregnant patients. Doppler studies in fetal vessels such as Umbilical artery and middle cerebral artery which perform brilliantly in identifying placental insufficiency in non-diabetic pregnancy, are not and neither appropriate nor sufficient in diabetic pregnancy. This because of the added risk of acidaemia. The question remains which vessels to interrogate in diabetic pregnancy. Dusctus venosus and hepatic artery have a promising potential identifying adverse perinatal outcome in such circumstances. In this presentation we will explore the role of doppler in these two vessels to monitor diabetic pregnancy.
A case of previously undiagnosed acute intermittent porphyria in 34-year primigravida with gestational diabetes mellitus; 34-year primigravida was admitted to high risk pregnancy ward in 24th week with lower abdominal pain andpressure of baby pushing down. Pain was most intense under the right rib cage. Initial blood and urine tests werenormal. Analgetics did not help. She started complaining of skin pain on touch - dysaesthesia and migraineheadaches. Blood results showed haemoglobin drop, from 108 g/L to 87 g/L. No obstetrical or surgical cause wasfound. Neuropathic pain that was unresponsive to myriad of analgetics and unexplained haemoglobin drops led usto suspect acute intermittent porphyria (AIP). The diagnosis was confirmed in 27th week of gestation by testing 24hour urine sample for porphyrins. Porphyrias are rare inherited diseases caused by the deficiency of one of the enzymes in the haem synthesis. Thiscauses accumulation of neurotoxic precursors. Presentation of AIP varies. It reflects the impairment of theautonomic, somatic peripheral and central nervous system. Most common symptoms are abdominal pain, impairedconsciousness and neuropathy. Other symptoms are diarrhoea, nausea, vomiting, arterial hypertension, tachycardia,orthostatic hypotension and convulsions. Coexisting dehydration and hyponatraemia worsen the symptoms. Attacks of AIP are caused by several triggering factors, such as infections, stress, starvation, certain medicationsand drugs and female sex hormones. AIP is rare therefore we had no experience on how to treat our patient. Learning from the literature we institutedintravenous paracetamol, 20% glucose infusion and carbohydrate rich food. Maintaining the therapy waschallenged by gestational diabetes mellitus, infection at the site of central venous catheter and difficulty to keepcatheters patent. Despite the therapy successful pain control was difficult. Haemoglobin levels fluctuated between70 and 100 g/L. At 36 0/7 weeks caesarean section was performed for inability to control the pain.Surgery wasuneventful. Healthy girl was born, 2740 g, 48 cm, Apgar score 9/9. After the surgery patient was 5 days inintensive care unit, on carbohydrate rich diet and 20% glucose intravenous infusion. She was discharged on 10thpostoperative day. Four months after the delivery she has migraine headaches, but no abdominal pain. With this case we would like to raise awareness about AIP that can be first diagnosed in pregnancy. AIP cansignificantly affect pregnancy outcome and cause foetal and maternal death. For successful perinatal outcome earlydiagnosis is pivotal, followed by the therapy with carbohydrate rich food, 20% glucose intravenous infusion,avoidance of triggering factors and careful foetal and maternal surveillance.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy presented with eosinophilic myocarditis; Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare cause of heart disease that can affect women around the end of pregnancy or during the first months after delivery. According to the European Society of Cardiology Working Group, the patient needs to fulfill 3 criteria for diagnosis: • heart failure late in pregnancy or in the early months after delivery • no other existing causes for the disease • left ventricle (LV) dysfunction (LV ejection fraction (LVEF) <45%) We present the case of a puerpera who consulted in the Emergency Department 11 days after discharge with dyspnea, asthenia chest pain and fever (38 °C). Previous history: Hypotyroidism treated with Levotyroxin, diaphragmatic hernia, achalasia (Heller miotomy in 2001). G2 P2.Preeclampsia and gestational diabetes in the first pregnancy. Elective cesarean delivery due to foetus macrosomy + bilateral salpingectomy. Physical examination did not reveal any abnormalities and the first diagnostic tests showed leucocytosis and sinus tachycardia. CT pulmonary angiogram was performed showing pericardial effusion and collapse of cardiac cavities without signs of pulmonary embolism. The transthoracic echocardiogram (TTE) revealed severe left ventricle hypertrophy without dilation, systolic function in the lower limit of normality and pericardial effusion. MRI suggested an acute myopericarditis. The patient was admitted showing progressive improvement of symptoms and cardiac function although hypereosinophilia (up to 50.1%) appeared in blood test controls. Endomyocardial biopsy informs of eosinophilic myocarditis.Corticosteroid administrationwas initiated with further positive evolution but hypereosinophilia reappeared following the end of treatment. Etiological screening was performed (serologic determinations and cultures for bacteria, viruses and parasites were negative; peripheral blood, cytogenetic and genetic disorder studies did not find any abnormalities or mutations; absence of autoimmune antibodies). Corticosteroid treatment was resumed and the patient was discharged with a normal LVEF and absence of pericardial effusion. Hence, the clinical orientation went toward an Idiopathic Hypereosinophilic Syndrome (IHES). Very few cases of eosinophilic myocarditis have been reported in the literature and we considered it interesting to present the case of a woman where no etiologic attributable causes to the disease were found. HES are infrequent and need complex and multiple diagnostic tests. For IHES particularly it is, again, a diagnosis of exclusion.
Relationship between gestational diabetes and neonatal morbidity. Glycated hemoglobin as a risk marker; Introduction Gestational diabetes is a pathology we face very frequently, and it requires a close monitoring because of its impact on the fetus development. Children born to mothers with gestational diabetes have four times more risk of hospital admission than general population. It is also known its association with congenital malformations. Objetive To establish the disease frequency in infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent gestational diabetes in our environment. To study the use of glycated hemoglobin as a marker for population considered to be at risk. Method Retrospective, comparative, descriptive observational study based on the analysis of 198 infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent gestational and pregestational diabetes on a tertiary care hospital between 2009 and 2011. Analysis with SPSS. Results Gestational diabetes incidence: 1,46%. Pregestational diabetes 23 women (11,6%) and gestational 175 (88,4%). 36 infants were prematures (18,2%). Hospital admission in 27,3%. A 7,6% required intravenous treatment of hypoglycemia. 6,1% suffered intrauterine growth retardation and over 16,2% were macrosoma. The most common congenital malformation was cardiovascular (7,1% several cardiac malformation and 5,5% minor ones), above all septal hypertrophy in 7 children, IVC in 5 and 2 PDA hemodynamically significantly. Other congenital malformation: 4,5%. Congenital malformation are more frequent in infants who require intravenous treatment because of hypoglycemia (RR 11,413). No statistical relation was found betwen type of diabetes. The relationship is statistically significant between pathology echocardiography and prematurity (p=0'016), hospital admission (p=0.000), fetal well-being loss (p=0.025), acute respiratory distress (p=0.010) and hypoglycemia (p=0.000). Glycated hemoglobin is related to birth weight over p90 (p=0.000) and hospital admission for intravenous treatment of hypoglycemia (p=0,019). No correlation was found with congenital malformation. Findings Insulin-dependent gestational diabetes can result in severe manifestations. Diabetes type does not predetermine congenital malformations. Glycated hemoglobin can be used as a risk marker or metabolic disorder predictor in these infants. It is not related to the incidene of congenital abnormalities.
Cardiac myosarcoma in a preterm newborn-a case report; Background: Malignant cardiac neoplasms are extremely rare in neonates. Prenatal diagnosis is often not available. Initial symptoms can mimic other cardiac and non cardiac diseases. Case report: We report a premature female newborn with birth-weight 2480g, 34 g.w, who underwent cardiac operation due to cardiac tumor. This was 3-rd pregnancy after two spontaneous abortions of mother with thrombophilia, gestational diabetes, hydramnion, retroplacental hematoma. The baby was admitted to NICU after birth with transitory respiratory failure, requiring brief O2- supplementation. Because of laboratory data for inborn infection: slightly elevated CRP, antibiotic therapy was started. In the first days the condition of the baby was stable, but CRP values rose dramatically (33.7 on day 5-th, 146mg/l on day 9-th) and remained high thereafter. From day 11-th progressive deterioration began: tachypnea, increased oxygen requirements, decreased reactivity. Serratia and Klebsiella (day 9-th), Enterococus spp. and Staphylococcus epidermidis (day 15-th) were isolated from peripheral specimens. Broad spectrum antibiotics were added according their sensitivity. Chest radiographs were unremarkable. On day 18-th life threatening deterioration with clinical symptoms of shock occurred, mechanical ventilation was started. Echocardiography showed a large tumor formation in the right atrium 2x2.3 cm, reduced blood flow in the right ventricle and pulmonary artery, small pericardial effusion. The baby was immediately transferred to the cardiology hospital. On day 19-th cardiac surgery was performed. A big tumor with myxomatous appearance, which occupied the entire cavity of the right atrium and infiltrated the ring of the tricuspid valve, was found intraoperatively. It was extirpated; the front wall of the right atrium was restored with patch. Hemodynamics was temporarily stabilized. On the next day a sudden deterioration with ventricular fibrillation and asystole occured, full cardio-circulatory resuscitation was performed but the outcome was lethal. The histological result confirmed congenital malignant tumor (myosarcoma) of the right atrium. Discussion and Conclusions: Inborn cardiac sarcomas are casuistic, the prognosis is extremely poor. Due to fast progression in third trimester they can be missed at earlier fetal echocardiography. The postnatal clinical course is aggressive, often not specific until invasive local infiltration and intracavity obstruction progress. In our case the sarcoma in the right atrium mimics an inborn infection, followed by nosocomial infection and septic shock. Despite low incidence inborn cardiac tumors should be kept in mind and echocardiography should be made if unclear symptoms with progressive deterioration in neonatal period occurred.
Fetal complications and screening in gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GD) is the most common medical condition in pregnancy, affecting approximately 6-14% of the pregnant women. The causes are that placental hormones (progesterone, somatotropinecoriónic, GH variant and, especially, placental lactogen), together with the increase of cortisol, PRL and maternal sources of TSH and glucagon, produce an insulin resistance that results in an diabetogenic effect. This resistance usually begins between weeks 20-24 of pregnancy. According to the American Diabetes Association, one can speak of two types: • Pre-gestational diabetes (PGD): it requires preconception counseling and constitutes 10% of cases, including type 1 and type II diabetes. • Gestational diabetes (GD): constitutes about 90% of cases of diabetes in pregnancy. To know fetal complications in this pathology will allow us an early diagnosis and a proper perinatal monitoring to reduce them. Objectives: To address the recent evidence regarding: - The adverse outcomes for fetus in gestational diabetes. - The prenatal control to detect fetal complications Methodology: Reveaw in the databases Medline, Cochrane and UptoDate with the keywords diabetes gestacional and fetal development. Only reviews and clinical trials of the past 5 years were included. Results: In poorly controlled diabetes, the main fetal complications are: - Abortions and/or malformations in organgenesis period:specially hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Only in type 1 PGD, because birth defects occur before the 13th weeks gestation and insulin resistance in GD occurs between 20-24 weeks gestation. - Intrauterine Growth Restriction in maternal vascular disease. - Prematurity. - Macrosomia: fetus converts excess glucose into fat. This results in increased risk of dystocia and birth trauma. - Risk of loss of antepartum or intrapartum fetal wellbeing. - Fetal pulmonary immaturity: respiratory distress syndrome. - Metabolic disorders: hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia. - Blood disorders: polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia. That's why a stricter prenatal control is needed. Besides the three basic ultrasound studies, they should also apply: - In GD: an ultrasonography between 28-32 weeks gestation, to detect the presence of macrosomia. - In PGD: echocardiography in 14-16 and in 28-32 weeks gestation, due to risk of cardiomyopathy. In addition, monthly ultrasonographies from the 28-30 weeks, Doppler if necessary. Conclusions: In type 1 PGD, the main fetal complications are abortions and defects in organgenesis period, specially cardiomyopathy. This requires echocardiography in 14-16 and in 28-32 weeks gestation and monthly ultrasonographies from the 28-30 weeks. On the other hand, the higher incidence the macrosomia in GD, besides other complicatons like intrauterine growth restriction or fetal pulmonary inmaturit, makes advisable an additional ultrasonography between 28-32 weeks gestation.
Mannose-binding lectin may affect pregnancy outcome; Mannose-binding lectin (MBL) is a component of the innate immune system and acts as a complement activator through the lectin pathway. Genetic variations of MBL and low MBL levels cause several infection problems, which may also be related to pregnancy problems. We aimed to investigate the role of MBL gene codon 54 polymorphism and serum MBL levels in pregnancy problems and premature delivery. In this prospective study, MBL gene codon 54 polymorphism and serum MBL levels were studied in 45 mothers who delivered earlier than 35 gestational weeks. The frequency of MBL gene codon 54 variant allele B was much higher (homozygous 4.4% and heterozygous 33.3%) in the study group mothers than the previously reported frequency in the healthy Turkish population (homozygous 2-6%, heterozygous 12-20%). MBL variant allele B frequency was closely related to low MBL levels (<0.1 μg/ml), vaginitis and increased IL-6 levels. The median MBL levels were lower than the critical level of 0.1 μg/ ml in study mothers who had recurrent miscarriage, infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm premature rupture of membranes with duration of longer than 72 hours, tocolysis, histological chorioamnionitis, urinary tract infection and vaginitis. MBL gene codon 54 variant allele B is related to low serum MBL levels, increased IL-6 levels, genitourinary infections and may cause pregnancy-related problems such as infertility, recurrent miscarriage and preterm delivery.
Investigating the mechanism of hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy; Hyperglycemia in diabetic mothers enhances the risk of fetal cardiac hypertrophy during gestation. However, the mechanism of high-glucose-induced cardiac hypertrophy is not largely understood. In this study, we first demonstrated that the incidence rate of cardiac hypertrophy dramatically increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers using color ultrasound examination. In addition, human fetal cardiac hypertrophy was successfully mimicked in a streptozotocin (STZ)-induced diabetes mouse model, in which mouse cardiac hypertrophy was diagnosed using type-M ultrasound and a histological assay. PH3 immunofluorescent staining of mouse fetal hearts and in vitro-cultured H9c2 cells indicated that cell proliferation decreased in E18.5, E15.5and E13.5 mice, and cell apoptosis in H9c2 cells increased in the presence of high glucose in a dose-dependent manner. Next, we found that the individual cardiomyocyte size increased in pre-gestational diabetes mellitus mice and in response to high glucose exposure. Meanwhile, the expression of β-MHC and BMP-10 was up-regulated. Nkx2.5 immunofluorescent staining showed that the expression of Nkx2.5, a crucial cardiac transcription factor, was suppressed in the ventricular septum, left ventricular wall and right ventricular wall of E18.5, E15.5 and E13.5 mouse hearts. However, cardiac hypertrophy did not morphologically occur in E13.5 mouse hearts. In cultured H9c2 cells exposed to high glucose, Nkx2.5 expression decreased, as detected by both immunostaining and western blotting, and the expression of KCNE1 and Cx43 was also restricted. Taken together, alterations in cell size rather than cell proliferation or apoptosis are responsible for hyperglycemia-induced fetal cardiac hypertrophy. The aberrant expression of Nkx2.5 and its regulatory target genes in the presence of high glucose could be a principal component of pathogenesis in the development of fetal cardiac hypertrophy.
Screening and subsequent management for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant health; Background: Thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy (both hyper- and hypothyroidism) is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes for mothers and infants in the short- and long-term. Managing the thyroid dysfunction (e.g. thyroxine for hypothyroidism, or antithyroid medication for hyperthyroidism) may improve outcomes. The best method of screening to identify and subsequently manage thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy is unknown. Objectives: To assess the effects of different screening methods (and subsequent management) for thyroid dysfunction pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy on maternal and infant outcomes. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (14 July 2015) and reference lists of retrieved studies. Selection criteria: Randomised or quasi-randomised controlled trials, comparing any screening method (e.g. tool, program, guideline/protocol) for detecting thyroid dysfunction (including hypothyroidism, hyperthyroidism, and/or thyroid autoimmunity) pre-pregnancy or during pregnancy with no screening, or alternative screening methods. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed eligibility of studies, extracted and checked data accuracy, and assessed the risk of bias of included studies. Main results: We included two randomised controlled trials (involving 26,408 women) - these trials were considered to be at low risk of bias. Universal screening (screening all women) versus case finding (screening only those at perceived increased risk) in pregnancy for thyroid dysfunction One trial (4562 women) compared universal screening with case finding for thyroid dysfunction. Before 11 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group, and 'high-risk' women in the case finding group had their sera tested for TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone), fT4 (free thyroxine) and TPO-Ab (thyroid peroxidase antibody); women with hypothyroidism (TSH > 2.5 mIU/litre) received levothyroxine; women with hyperthyroidism (undetectable TSH and elevated fT4) received antithyroid medication. In regards to this review's primary outcomes, compared with the case finding group, more women in the universal screening group were diagnosed with hypothyroidism (risk ratio (RR) 3.15, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women; GRADE: high quality evidence), with a trend towards more women being diagnosed with hyperthyroidism (RR 4.50, 95% CI 0.97 to 20.82; 4562 women; P = 0.05; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). No clear differences were seen in the risks of pre-eclampsia (RR 0.87, 95% CI 0.64 to 1.18; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or preterm birth (RR 0.99, 95% CI 0.80 to 1.24; 4516 women; GRADE: high quality evidence) between groups. This trial did not report on neurosensory disability for the infant as a child. Considering this review's secondary outcomes, more women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 3.15, 95% CI 1.91 to 5.20; 4562 women). No clear differences between groups were observed for miscarriage (RR 0.90, 95% CI 0.68 to 1.19; 4516 women; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), fetal and neonatal death (RR 0.92, 95% CI 0.42 to 2.02; 4516 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence), or other secondary outcomes: pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, congestive heart failure, thyroid storm, mode of birth (caesarean section), preterm labour, placental abruption, respiratory distress syndrome, low birthweight, neonatal intensive care unit admission, or other congenital malformations. The trial did not report on a number of outcomes including adverse effects associated with the intervention. Universal screening versus no screening in pregnancy for hypothyroidism One trial (21,846 women) compared universal screening with no screening for hypothyroidism. Before 15 + 6 weeks' gestation, women in the universal screening group had their sera tested; women who screened 'positive' (TSH > 97.5th percentile, fT4 < 2.5th percentile, or both) received levothyroxine. Considering primary review outcomes, compared with the no screening group, more women in the universal screening screened 'positive' for hypothyroidism (RR 998.18, 95% CI 62.36 to 15,978.48; 21,839 women; GRADE: high quality evidence). No data were provided for the outcome pre-eclampsia, and for preterm birth, the trial reported rates of 5.6% and 7.9% for the screening and no screening groups respectively (it was unclear if these percentages related to the entire cohort or women who screened positive). No clear difference was seen for neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (three-year follow-up IQ score < 85) (RR 0.85, 95% CI 0.60 to 1.22; 794 infants; GRADE: moderate quality evidence). More women in the universal screening group received pharmacological treatment for thyroid dysfunction (RR 1102.90, 95% CI 69.07 to 17,610.46; 1050 women); 10% had their dose lowered because of low TSH, high fT4 or minor side effects. No clear differences were observed for other secondary outcomes, including developmental delay/intellectual impairment at three years. Most of our secondary outcomes, including miscarriage, fetal or neonatal death were not reported. Authors' conclusions: Based on the existing evidence, though universal screening for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy increases the number of women diagnosed with hypothyroidism who can be subsequently treated, it does not clearly impact (benefit or harm) maternal and infant outcomes. While universal screening versus case finding for thyroid dysfunction increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, we found no clear differences for the primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia or preterm birth. No clear differences were seen for secondary outcomes, including miscarriage and fetal or neonatal death; data were lacking for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child, and for many secondary outcomes. Though universal screening versus no screening for hypothyroidism similarly increased diagnosis and subsequent treatment, no clear difference was seen for the primary outcome: neurosensory disability for the infant as a child (IQ < 85 at three years); data were lacking for the other primary outcomes: pre-eclampsia and preterm birth, and for the majority of secondary outcomes. For outcomes assessed using the GRADE approach the evidence was considered to be moderate or high quality, with any downgrading of the evidence based on the presence of wide confidence intervals crossing the line of no effect. More evidence is needed to assess the benefits or harms of different screening methods for thyroid dysfunction in pregnancy, on maternal, infant and child health outcomes. Future trials should assess impacts on use of health services and costs, and be adequately powered to evaluate the effects on short- and long-term outcomes.
Fear of childbirth and elective caesarean section: A population-based study; Background: This population-based cohort study aimed to investigate the demographic and psychosocial characteristics associated with fear of childbirth and the relative importance of such fear as a predictor of elective caesarean section. Methods: A sample of 1789 women from the Akershus Birth Cohort in Norway provided data collected by three self-administered questionnaires at 17 and 32 weeks of pregnancy and 8 weeks postpartum. Information about the participants' childbirths was obtained from the hospital records. Results: Eight percent of the women reported fear of delivery, defined as a score of ≥85 on the Wijma Delivery Expectancy Questionnaire. Using multivariable logistic regression models, a previous negative overall birth experience exerted the strongest impact on fear of childbirth, followed by impaired mental health and poor social support. Fear of childbirth was strongly associated with a preference for elective caesarean section (aOR 4.6, 95 % CI 2.9-7.3) whereas the association of fear with performance of caesarean delivery was weaker (aOR 2.4, 95 % CI 1.2-4.9). The vast majority (87 %) of women with fear of childbirth did not, however, receive a caesarean section. By contrast, a previous negative overall birth experience was highly predictive of elective caesarean section (aOR 8.1, 95 % CI 3.9-16.7) and few women without such experiences did request caesarean section. Conclusions: Results suggest that women with fear of childbirth may have identifiable vulnerability characteristics, such as poor mental health and poor social support. Results also emphasize the need to focus on the subjective experience of the birth to prevent fear of childbirth and elective caesarean sections on maternal request. Regarding the relationship with social support, causality has to be interpreted cautiously, as social support was measured at 8 weeks postpartum only.
Likelihood-Based Random-Effect Meta-Analysis of Binary Events; Meta-analysis has been used extensively for evaluation of efficacy and safety of medical interventions. Its advantages and utilities are well known. However, recent studies have raised questions about the accuracy of the commonly used moment-based meta-analytic methods in general and for rare binary outcomes in particular. The issue is further complicated for studies with heterogeneous effect sizes. Likelihood-based mixed-effects modeling provides an alternative to moment-based methods such as inverse-variance weighted fixed-and random-effects estimators. In this article, we compare and contrast different mixed-effect modeling strategies in the context of meta-analysis. Their performance in estimation and testing of overall effect and heterogeneity are evaluated when combining results from studies with a binary outcome. Models that allow heterogeneity in both baseline rate and treatment effect across studies have low type I and type II error rates, and their estimates are the least biased among the models considered.
Hemispherotomy for isolated infantile spasms following perinatal ischemic stroke; Abstract Background Infantile spasms (IS) are a severe epileptic encephalopathy. In patients with early focal ischemia and refractory IS, a preoperative evaluation is required even if IS are the only ictal manifestation. Methods We report three such patients who presented with IS between 5 and 7 months of age without any other focal seizure types. Imaging exhibited a perinatal middle cerebral artery (MCA) stroke. Results All patients had hemiparesis and experienced psychomotor regression after the onset of IS. Scalp video-electroencephalogram (EEG) monitoring for presurgical assessment showed interictal and ictal EEG characteristics between the pathological and the healthy hemisphere and surgery was proposed despite the lack of any focal seizures. The three patients underwent hemispherotomy at a mean age of 27 months and became seizure-free without medication (follow-up 49-144 months). The two patients who underwent early hemispherotomy acquired normal verbal intelligence, whereas the third, operated on at 38 months of age, remained with severe mental retardation. Conclusion Early hemispherotomy in drug-resistant epilepsy related to a perinatal MCA may cure the seizures even if the patient has IS as sole type and prevent mental retardation in some children.
The role of arginine, homoarginine and nitric oxide in pregnancy; Normal pregnancy leads to profound maternal hemodynamic changes, including increased blood volume and vasodilatation. Several vasodilator mediators are implicated, including prostaglandins, carbon monoxide and nitric oxide (NO). Pre-eclampsia (PE) affects 3-10 % of pregnancies and is associated with increased maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Around 8 % of pregnancies are complicated by intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR), also associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity. PE and IUGR often co-exist. NO is essential for the formation of healthy endothelium, and in pregnancy promotes endovascular invasion by the cytotrophoblast. As interstitial trophoblasts invade the maternal spiral arteries in the uterine wall, they produce NO which acts on artery walls to create a low-resistance, high-caliber uteroplacental unit. If this process fails, the result is a high-resistance uteroplacental circulation. The hypoperfused and ischemic placenta releases antiangiogenic factors which mediate generalized endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress and inflammatory mediators. It is these mediators that are implicated in both the fetal and maternal syndromes of PE and IUGR. Studies of NO and its modulator amino acids, including the precursors arginine and homoarginine and the NO synthesis inhibitor asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA), have investigated their role in both normal and pathological pregnancies. Many studies of PE (and, to a lesser extent, IUGR) have investigated maternal circulating ADMA, arginine and homoarginine levels. This article reviews and discusses the role of these amino acids in pregnancy. The results have shed some light on their role in these pathologies, but some of the findings have been conflicting and more research is needed. Nevertheless, therapeutic interventions that manipulate these guanidine-amino acids and their interactions hold real promise for the management of pregnancies complicated by PE and/or IUGR, and the results of ongoing studies are eagerly awaited.
Pregnancy Complications as Markers for Subsequent Maternal Cardiovascular Disease: Validation of a Maternal Recall Questionnaire; Background: We designed and tested the validity of a questionnaire to characterize maternal recall of pregnancy complications associated with increased future cardiovascular disease risk, based on the 2011 American Heart Association (AHA) guidelines. Methods: A maternal recall questionnaire of pregnancy history was administered to 971 patients who had participated in a previous cohort study of 1,608 pregnant women. Medical records from the study pregnancy served as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV), and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients (r) were calculated for each question. Results: A total of 526 (54%) individuals recontacted responded. Respondents were more likely to be older, white, educated, and nulliparous and were less likely to deliver low-birthweight infants in the study pregnancy than were individuals who did not respond. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (standard deviation [SD] 0.46) postpartum. Maternal recall was most accurate for gestational diabetes (sens: 92%, spec: 98%, PPV: 79%, NPV: 99%), infant birthweight (r=0.95), and gestation length (r=0.85). Maternal recall was modest for preeclampsia (sens: 79%, spec: 97%, PPV: 68%, NPV: 98%) and pregnancy-associated hypertension, including preeclampsia or gestational hypertension (sens: 60%, spec: 95%, PPV: 64%, NPV: 94%). Conclusions: This validation study demonstrated that the majority of women could accurately recall a history of gestational diabetes, infant birthweight, and gestational age at delivery, 4 years postpartum on average. Recall of preeclampsia and pregnancy-associated hypertension overall was modest. Maternal report of these pregnancy conditions may help clinicians identify women at increased risk for cardiovascular disease.
Cord serum lipid profile of infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) is a critical issue in pediatrics, which is regarded as a major risk factor for birth trauma, respiratory distress syndrome (RDS), birth asphyxia, transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) and jaundice. IDM is also a risk factor for microvascular (e.g., ocular and renal complications) and macrovascular complications (e.g., cerebrovascular accident, atherosclerosis and cardiovascular complications). Lipids are a heterogeneous group of hydrophobic organic molecules which can be extracted from tissues using non-polar solvents. Lipids, due to their hydrophobic property, are mainly found in membranes enclosing various cell organelles. Diabetes mellitus management with insulin (nowadays also with oral hypoglycemic medications) has improved the outcomes of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) (most infants born to diabetic mother are large for gestational age). The neonatal mortality rate in IDM is over five times higher than that of infants of non-diabetic mothers. In this study, therefore, we aimed to assess the effect of maternal diabetes on cord serum lipid profile. Methods: This prospective (case-control) study was carried out on 60 infants born in Al-Zahra teaching hospital during February 2014-October 2014. The study group consisted of 30 randomly chosen IDM, and the control group comprised 30 infants who were born to healthy mothers.Results: The results of this study demonstrated that there are significant differences between IDM and infants of healthy mothers regarding lipid profile and birth weight.Conclusion: This study confirms that cord serum lipid profile (serum cholesterol, serum triglycerides and low-density lipoprotein) is higher at birth in IDM. Moreover, this study shows a significant association between lipid profile and bodweight.
Early-life markers of atherosclerosis using aortic and carotid intima-media thickness: An assessment of methods to account for child size; Background.—Distinguishing pathological from physiological relationships between vessel size and aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) is an important challenge, especially in growing children. We examined the relationship between childhood vessel diameter and aIMT and assessed common analytic approaches used to address this relationship. Methods.—We analyzed aIMT in two population-derived cohorts; 6-week-old infants and 19-year-olds. We simulated datasets in which we assumed a simple physiological relationship between vessel diameter and aIMT, and then superimposed possible pathological effects on aIMT; (a) intrauterine growth retardation, (b) macrosomia and (c) both intrauterine growth retardation and macrosomia. Using simulated datasets and cohorts, we evaluated analytic strategies including those in which the relationship between vessel diameter and aIMT was (a) ignored, (b) adjusted for by dividing aIMT by weight, or (c) adjusted for using varying regression techniques. Results.—aIMT was found to increase in proportion to vessel diameter in both cohorts (138 μm/ mm at 6 weeks and 52 μm/mm at 19 years of age). Simply dividing aIMT by weight produced negative associations with weight across all datasets. By contrast, adjusting for vessel diameter as a covariate enabled accurate distinction of the direction of the association between aIMT and weight in all simulated datasets. These results were replicated in the cohort studies for both aIMT and carotid intima-media thickness. Conclusion.—There is a physiological relationship between vessel diameter and aIMT. Simply dividing aIMT by weight may lead to incorrect assumptions regarding the relationship between weight and aIMT. However, the physiological relationship is appropriately estimated by including vessel diameter as a covariate in regression.
Insulin resistance and large amounts of visceral fat characterise women with previous gestational diabetes and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease; Background and aims: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD), a condition with fat accumulation in the liver in the absence of significant alcohol consumption, is the most common liver disease inWestern countries. The disease spectrum spans from simple steatosis to liver cirrhosis. In type 2 diabetes, NAFLD is linked to cardiovascular disease and hepatocellular carcinoma, which can occur in patients with or without cirrhosis. Because of their high risk of type 2 diabetes, women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) may have a high risk of developing NAFLD. Materials and methods: Non-diabetic women with previous GDM (n= 98, age: 38±5 years) underwent 75 g OGTT, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry whole body scan and ultrasound scan and elastography of the liver to evaluate steatosis (NAFLD). Elastography is a novel, noninvasive way of measuring steatosis. The median of ten representative elastographic measurements is provided as the E-median index. Insulin resistance was evaluated by the HOMA2-IR. Values are mean ± SD for age and BMI and mean±SEM for the remaining variables. Results: Twenty-six (27%) women had NAFLD based on the ultrasound scan and 72 (73%) were without steatosis. None had cirrhosis. When comparing the two groups, women with NAFLD had significantly higher BMI (34±5 vs. 31±4 kg/m2, p=0.001) and android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (1.2±0 vs. 1.1±0, p=0.021). Women with NAFLD also had larger visceral fat mass (1,488±136 vs. 1,009±60 g, p=0.003), were more insulin resistant (2.5±0 vs. 1.7±0, p=0.019), had higher fasting C-peptide (672± 61 vs. 496±21 pmol/l, p=0.011), E-median index (1.7±0 vs. 0.9±0, p= 0.001), and liver enzyme levels (alanine aminotransferase: 34±4 vs. 23± 1 U/l, p=0.017; aspartate aminotransferase: 31±2 vs. 26±1 U/L, p= 0.018) and lower plasma high density lipoprotein cholesterol (1.1±0 vs. 1.3±0 mmol/l, p=0.019). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that visceral fat mass (p=0.0011) and the aspartate aminotransferase level (p=0.001) were independent predictors of NAFLD. Conclusion: The results show that a large proportion of women with previous GDM and insulin resistance have NAFLD at a young age. We have identified predictors to be used for early identification of these women for best possiblemanagement of comorbidities in order to prevent future liver disease and cardiovascular events.
Evaluation of clinical risk factors for diabetes screening in a large cohort of subjects in a primary care setting; Background and aims: Timely diagnosis of diabetes remains a global challenge as many subjects with diabetes are unaware of their condition. A simple diagnostic strategy which could help decrease the rate of undiagnosed diabetes is needed. The aim of this study was to evaluate the performance of classical clinical risk factors in screening for diabetes in a large group of individuals in a primary care settings. Materials and methods: In 2014 we conducted a primary care physician-based nationwide screening programme aiming at identifying individuals with undiagnosed diabetes or prediabetes. A total of 561 primary care physicians (PCPs) took part in the programme, and 21 726 subjects were enrolled. The inclusion criteria were following: no earlier diagnosis of diabetes or prediabetes (i.e. IFG and/or IGT) and the presence of at least one classical risk factor: age>45 yrs, family history of diabetes, sedentary lifestyle, smoking, presence of fatty liver disease, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome, polycystic ovary syndrome, history of stroke, gestational diabetes or having a child with birthweight> 4 kg aswell asBMI>25 kg/m2 orwaist circumference>80 cm in women or 94 cm in men. All subjects underwent fasting plasma glucose (FPG) measurement, and those individuals in whom its value exceeded 125 mg/dl were referred to have second FPG measured at least one week later, while those in whom the initial FPG measurement was between 100 and 125 mg/dl had an oral 75 g glucose tolerance test (OGTT) performed. Results: The prevalence of all risk factors assessed in the examined cohort is presented in Table 1. In the whole group diabetes was diagnosed in 4221 (19.4%), and prediabetes in 5829 (26.8%) of the subjects, thus 10 050 (46.3%) of the individuals in the study were found to have any degree of glucose metabolism abnormalities. The majority of diabetes cases (2825/4221, i.e. 66.9% of the diagnosed group) were diagnosed based on two FPG measurements >125 mg/dl. In 6265 (28.8%) of the subjects the concomitant presence of three main unmodifiable risk factors, which are also simply identified in PCP setting, i.e.: age>45 years, family history of diabetes and BMI>25 kg/m2 were found. In this subgroup 1989 (31.7%) individuals were found to have diabetes and 2101 (33.5%) to have prediabetes, thus, the rate of glucose metabolism abnormalities reached 65.2% in these subjects. The odds ratio for diabetes in this subgroup was 2.757 (95% CI 2.57-2.957), and for diabetes or prediabetes it was 2.998 (2.818-3.189), as compared to those with only one or two coexisting features. Conclusion: Our data support the use of classical clinical risk factors in screening for diabetes in a primary care setting. Particular effort should be put into testing individuals older than 45 years who have a family history of diabetes and are overweight. (table present).
Patient characteristics, treatment and prevalence/incidence of the type 2 diabetes population in Sweden: A nationwide study from 2006 to 2013; Background and aims: In a modern nation-wide setting characterise patterns of glucose lowering treatment and prevalence and incidence of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in Sweden. Materials and methods: Patients who dispensed any glucose-lowering drug (GLD) between 2006 and 2013 were identified in the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register and linked with the Swedish National Patient Register and the Cause of Death Register. Patients with type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes were excluded. Information on comorbidities and medical events were collected from main and secondary diagnoses at discharge. Results: In 2013 the prevalence of GLD- treated T2DM was 4.4% (n= 355 114) and incidence 368 per 100 000 patients (28 023). Prevalence of T2DM patients with GLD treatment increased during 2006-2013 by 51% while the incidence remained stable. Themean age was 67 years and 56% were male. Previous cardiovascular disease was present in 34%, microvascular disease in 26%, cancer in 19% and 4% had chronic kidney disease. Treatment with statin, antihypertensives and low dose aspirin was present in 56%, 70% and 35% respectively. The most frequently used GLDs were metformin (69%;), insulin (28%) and SU (17%). Incretin based GLDs were used in low proportions (DPP4; 6% and GLP-1; 3%). During 2006-2013 the use of SU decreased by 55% while insulin use increased by 29%. After direct age adjustment, the standardized risk ratio for myocardial infarction, stroke and all-cause mortality was 1.9, 1.6 and 1.4-fold respectively in T2DM patients (Figure). Conclusion: The number of T2DMpatients on glucose lowering drugs in Sweden has increased by 51% the last seven years despite stable T2DM incidence. The incidence of drug treated T2DM was more than twice as high as previously reported which illustrates the general problemto report on true incidence of T2DMaccurately with high risk for underestimation. Despite improved medical care the last decade individuals with T2DM still have increased risk of cardiovascular disease and death compared to the general population. The use of SU is declining and seems to be replaced by insulin and less by incretin based glucose lowering drugs. (figure present).
First-line and intensified treatment with glucose lowering drugs in the Swedish type 2 diabetes population; Background and aims: To investigate initiation of first-line glucose lowering drug (GLD) treatment, and subsequent GLD treatment, and prior cardiovascular disease (CVD) for all type 2 diabetes (T2DM) patients in Sweden. Materials and methods: T2DM patients who were GLD naïve and initiated on their first-line GLD treatment during 2006-2013 were identified in the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. Patients with type 1 diabetes or gestational diabetes were excluded. Patients were linked with the Swedish National Patient- and Cause of Death registry. Index date was defined as date of patients first GLD dispense. Definition of a non-insulin antidiabetic drug (NIAD) start was any dispense recorded whereas insulin start was defined when treatment duration exceeded 6 months. From 1987 to index date, baseline information on CVDs (coronary heart disease, heart failure, stroke and peripheral artery disease) was collected fromthe Swedish National Patient Register. Cox survival models adjusted for age, gender, first-line GLD treatment time and any history of CVDs were used to estimate likelihood of early treatment intensification during up to 7 years of follow-up. Results: In 232,749 T2DM patients, first-line GLD treatment were initiated with either mono NIAD, insulin (alone or in combination with NIAD), or dual NIAD (86%, 13% and 2% respectively). Insulin treated patients, in comparison to mono- and dual NIAD groups were slightly older (64, 63 and 59 years) and had more CVD (36%, 29% and 21%). Despite higher CVD burden, insulin treated patients had significantly less CVD preventive treatment with statin, antihypertensive and low dose aspirin, compared to NIAD groups. Among 199,562 patients initiated on mono NIAD, metformin was most common (90%) followed by sulfonylurea (SU 8%), and other NIADs (2%). Patients initiated with SU were older (72 vs. 62 years), had more CVDs (43% vs. 27%) and were more often treated with low dose aspirin and less with statins, compared to the metformin group. Initiation with SU was associated with earlier intensification to a second and a third-line NIAD, or insulin, compared with metformin; hazard ratio (95% CI): 1.74 (1.69-1.79), 1.76 (1.65-1.88) and 1.72 (1.65-1.80). Conclusion: In Sweden newly diagnosed T2DM patients are treated much in concordance to diabetes guidelines, beginning with metformin. Noteworthy, patients initiated with SU were associated with earlier insulin treatment intensification. One third of GLD naïve patients had a history of CVD, clearly demonstrating the burden in T2DM patients. (figure present).
The role of hepassocin in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is hyperglycemia that is first detected during pregnancy and does not meet the criteria formanifest diabetes. GDMis associated with the development of preeclampsia, the birth of a big baby, emergency cesarean section, birth trauma, and neonatal hypoglycemia. In addition, it is a risk factor for obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in the mother and her offspring. However, there is no suitable biomarker for the screening of GDM that leads to the diagnosis of this condition is delayed. Recently, a novel physiological function of hepassocin was found that increased hepassocin levels activated ERK1/2 to induce insulin resistance; however, the role of hepassocin in GDM is still unknown. Thus, the aim of this study is to investigate the role of hepassocin in GDM. Materials and methods: Fifteen subjects for each group including normal control and GDM groups were enrolled. GDM was diagnosed by 75- g oral glucose challenge test screening at 24-28 weeks of gestation. The plasma samples were collected to examine hepassocin concentrations by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. In addition, the placenta was also collected for the expression of hepassocin by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction, and western blots, as well as immunoflurorescent staining. 3A-sub-E trophoblasts were used to evaluate the physiological effect of hepassocin in placenta. The effect of hepassocin on insulin-induced glucose uptake was determined by L6 myoblasts. Results: The expression of hepassocin was detected in the placenta, and the placental expression level of hepassocin was increased in GDM as compared with control group. The result from immunoflurorescent staining indicated that hepassocin was mainly expressed in the trophoblasts of placenta. In addition, interleukin-6 treatment induced the expression of hepassocin in 3A-sub-E trophoblasts. The serum concentrations of hepassocin were significantly increased in patients with GDM (N=15 for each group) (P<0.01). Treatment with hepassocin in trophoblasts significantly increased the migration of trophoblast through an ERK1/2- dependent pathway. In addition, hepassocin disrupted insulin signaling to decrease insulin-induced glucose uptake in L6 myoblasts. Conclusion: Inflammation in the placenta of GDM increased the expression of hepassocin and the elevated hepassocin in circulation further led to the insulin resistance in skeletal muscle, and affected glucose utility. In addition, hepassocin increased the migration of trophoblasts and this effect might be correlated with the increased weight of placenta in GDM. Thus, we provided a novel mechanism in the development of GDM by hepassocin.
Early-onset obesity and adrenal insufficiency associated with a homozygous POMC mutation; Background: Isolated hypocortisolism due to ACTH deficiency is a rare condition that can be caused by mutations in the gene encoding pro-opiomelanocortin (POMC). POMC is the precursor to bioactive peptides (ACTH, β-endorphin, and α-β-γ-MSH). Mutations that inactive POMC typically result in secondary adrenal insufficiency, severe obesity and red hair; fewer than 50 affected individuals have been reported in the literature. Case presentation: A 10-month-old female was referred to our clinic for macrosomia and delayed psyco-motor development. She was the only child to consanguineous Pakistani parents (first cousins), whose family history was not relevant. She was born fullterm through spontaneous vaginal delivery (weight 3170 g, length 52 cm, and head circumference 35.8 cm) and neonatal hypoglicemia was reported; since 3 months of age she showed hyperphagia with marked weight and length gain. At the first clinical evaluation, her weight was 15 kg, length was 82.5 cm (both 蠑97th percentile), and head circumference 50 cm (97th percentile). Neurological examination showed axial hypotonia and delayed motor milestones. Facial dismorphysms (telecanthus, strabismus, wide nasal bridge), pale skin, and dark-brown hair were noted. Laboratory work-up (routine, α-fetoprotein, CEA, b-HCG, metabolic studies, and karyotype) was normal. Thyroid hormones, prolactin, GH, IGF1, and insulin levels were normal, while ACTH and cortisol were very low (<5 pg/ml and <10 μg/l respectively). Brain MRI showed pituitary hypoplasia and partial hypotrophia of corpus callosum. Congenital ACTH deficiency was diagnosed and substitutive therapy with hydrocortisone was started. Due to severe obesity and adrenal insufficiency, although the patient did not have red hair, POMC deficiency was suspected. Gene sequencing of POMC revealed an homozygous c256COT change causing a stop codon (R86stop), inherited from the heterozygous parents. Conclusion: POMC gene mutation should be considered in patient with early-onset severe obesity and secondary adrenal insufficiency, even without red hair. Adrenal insufficiency should be treated as usual, while the management of obesity in POMC deficiency remains challenging.
Effect of maternal diabetes on fetal programming of vascular remodeling mechanisms in adult rats; Modifications of the intra-uterine environment are now recognized as an important cause of fetal stress. Leading to several responses such as loss of structure/function and pre-emptive adaptations to an adverse post-natal environment, and finally to adult diseases. It has been demonstrated that children of diabetic mothers have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases (i.e. hypertension) during adulthood. Blood vessels are able to reorganize their structure in response to physiological alteration of blood flow or pathological stimuli. Constrictive vascular remodeling is currently associated with the occurrence of cardiovascular diseases. Thus, our objective was to study vascular remodeling in case of in utero exposure to maternal diabetes. This is in order to investigate the effect of intra-uterine environment perturbations on vascular fetal programming. We have developed an animal model of rats exposed in utero to moderated maternal hyperglycemia (DMO), which developed an hypertension around 6 months of age. We analyzed structure of elastic and resistance arteries (internal diameter, MCSA, intima-media thickness and remodeling parameters) in absence or presence of established hypertension in male DMO compared to controls (CMO) (at 3 and 18 months of age). Moreover, by in vivo sequential ligation of mesenteric arteries, we have studied vascular remodeling of resistance arteries in response to low (LF), normal (NF) or high flow (HF). In old DMO, we did not observe any vascular remodeling induced by hypertension neither in aorta nor in mesenteric arteries. This could be related to the increase of smooth muscle cell attachments that we observed. Moreover, after 1 or 3 weeks of mesenteric arteries ligation, DMO did not exhibit any constrictive remodeling in LF although expansive remodeling in HF is maintained. Interestingly, we measured an increase of eNOS activity and GP91 in LF arteries of theses animals although transglutaminase-2 protein expression was not modified. Our results demonstrate that in utero exposure to maternal diabetes induce modification of vascular remodeling mechanisms in adulthood. Absence of vascular response could be a pre-emptive adaptation to fetal programmed-hypertension in these animals.
Early life obesity and chronic kidney disease in later life; The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) has increased considerably with a parallel rise in the prevalence of obesity. It is now recognized that early life nutrition has life-long effects on the susceptibility of an individual to develop obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and CKD. The kidney can be programmed by a number of intrauterine and neonatal insults. Low birth weight (LBW) is one of the most identifiable markers of a suboptimal prenatal environment, and the important intrarenal factors sensitive to programming events include decreased nephron number and altered control of the renin–angiotensin system (RAS). LBW complicated by accelerated catch-up growth is associated with an increased risk of obesity, hypertension and CKD in later life. High birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes or obesity can enhance the risk for developing CKD in later life. Rapid postnatal growth per se may also contribute to the subsequent development of obesity and CKD regardless of birth weight and prenatal nutrition. Although the mechanisms of renal risks due to early life nutritional programming remain largely unknown, experimental and clinical studies suggest the burdening role of early life obesity in longstanding cardiovascular and renal diseases.
Aortic stiffness and cardiovascular risk in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life, but the mechanism remains unclear. The aim of the study was to investigate indices of glucose metabolism, dyslipidemia, and arterial stiffness (as measured by pulse wave velocity (PWV)), in women with and without a history of GDM, using both the old WHO and new IADPSG diagnostic criteria, at 5 years after the index pregnancy. Dyslipidemia and PWV were used as surrogate markers for CVD risk. The population-based prospective cohort included 300 women from the original STORK study. All participants had an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy. Five years later, the OGTT was repeated along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, lipid analysis, and PWV analysis. Measurements were compared between those women who did and did not have GDM based on both the WHO and IADPSG criteria. We found that women with GDM based on the old WHO criteria had higher CVD risk at 5 years than those without GDM, with markedly elevated PWV and more severe dyslipidemia (higher triglycerides (TG)/HDL cholesterol ratio). After adjusting for known risk factors, the most important predictors for elevated PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio at 5-year follow-up were maternal age, BMI, GDM, systolic blood pressure, and indices of glucose metabolism in the index pregnancy. In conclusion, we found a higher risk for CVD, based on the surrogate markers PWV and TG/HDL-C ratio, at 5-year follow-up in women diagnosed with GDM in the index pregnancy when using the old WHO diagnostic criteria.
Sex-differences in the metabolic health of offspring of parents with diabetes: A record-linkage study; Maternal diabetes in pregnancy affects offspring health. The impact of parental diabetes on offspring health is unclear. We investigated the impact of parental diabetes on the metabolic-health of adult-offspring who did not themselves have diabetes. Data from the Generation Scotland: Scottish Family Health Study, a population-based family cohort, were record-linked to subjects' own diabetes medical records. From F0-parents, we identified F1-offspring of: mothers with diabetes (OMD, n = 409), fathers with diabetes (OFD, n = 468), no parent with diabetes (ONoPD, n = 2489). Metabolic syndrome, body, biochemical measurements and blood-pressures were compared between F1-offspring groups by sex. A higher proportion of female OMD had metabolic syndrome than female OFD or ONoPD (P<0.0001). In female offspring, predictors of metabolic syndrome were: having a mother with diabetes (OR = 1.78, CI 1.03-3.07, [reference ONoPD]), body mass index (BMI, OR = 1.21, CI 1.13-1.30) and age (OR = 1.03, CI 1.01-1.06). In male offspring, predictors of metabolic syndrome were: BMI (OR = 1.18, CI 1.09-1.29) and percent body-fat (OR = 1.12, CI 1.05-1.19). In both sexes, OMD had higher blood-pressures than OFD (P<0.0001). In females, OMD had higher glucose (P<0.0001) and percent body-fat (P<0.0001) compared with OFD or ONoPD. OMD and OFD both had increased waist-measurements (P<0.0001), BMI (P<0.0001) and percent body-fat (P<0.0001) compared with ONoPD. Female OMD and OFD had lower HDL-cholesterol levels (P<0.0001) than female ONoPD. Parental diabetes is associated with higher offspring-BMI and body-fat. In female offspring, maternal diabetes increased the odds of metabolic syndrome, even after adjusting for BMI. Further investigations are required to determine the mechanisms involved.
MiR-410 enhanced hESC-derived pancreatic endoderm transplant to alleviate gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a condition commonly encountered during mid to late pregnancy with pathologic manifestations including hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and fetal mal-development. The deficit and dysfunction of insulin secreting b-cells are signature symptoms for GDM. Pancreatic progenitors derived from human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) were shown to be able to effectively treat diabetes in mice. In this study, we first identified that microRNA-410 (miR-410) directly targets lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), a gene selectively repressed in normal insulin secreting b-cells. hESCs that can be induced to express miR-410 hence keeping LDHA levels in check were then differentiated in vitro into pancreatic endoderm, followed by transplantation into dbl+ mouse model of GDM. The transplant greatly improved glucose metabolism and reproductive outcome of the pregnant females suffering from GDM. Our findings describe for the first time the method of combining miRNA with hESCs, providing proof of concept by employing genetically modified stem cell therapy for treating GDM.
The protective functions of omentin in cardiovascular diseases; Adipose tissue is considered as a large gland that can produce paracrine and endocrine hormones. Growing evidence suggests that adipocytes may link obesity to cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Adipose tissue produces a large number of mediators, which affect metabolism, inflammation and coagulation. Omentin, a novel adipocytokine, has come into the center of interest due to its favorable effects on inflammation, glucose homeostasis and CVD. The present review provides a concise and general overview on the roles of omentin in CVD. The knowledge of these concepts may provide a new strategy to reduce disease risks on CVD in the future.
Acute presentation of gestational diabetes insipidus with pre-eclampsia complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction: A case report and review of the published work; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare, self-limited complication of pregnancy. As it is related to excess placental vasopressinase enzyme activity, which is metabolized in the liver, GDI is more common in pregnancies complicated by conditions associated with liver dysfunction. We present a case of a 41-year-old woman at 38 weeks' gestation who presented with pre-eclampsia with severe features, including impaired liver function and renal insufficiency. Following cesarean section she was diagnosed with GDI, which was further complicated by cerebral vasoconstriction as demonstrated by magnetic resonance angiography. This case raises the possibility that cerebral vasoconstriction may be related to the cause of GDI. A high index of suspicion of GDI should be maintained in patients who present with typical signs and symptoms, especially in the setting of pregnancy complications associated with liver dysfunction.
Noncoding RNAs and the control of signalling via nuclear receptor regulation in health and disease; Nuclear receptors belong to a superfamily of proteins that play central roles in human biology, orchestrating a large variety of biological functions in both health and disease. Understanding the interactions and regulatory pathways of NRs will allow development of potential therapeutic interventions for a multitude of disease processes. Non-coding RNAs have recently been discovered to have significant interactions with NR signalling pathways via a variety of biological connections. This review summarises the known interactions between ncRNAs and the NR superfamily in health, embryogenesis and a plethora of human diseases.
Pregnancy-related hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis associated with cytomegalovirus infection: A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge; Objective: Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis (HLH) is a disorder characterized by uncontrolled mature histiocyte proliferation, hemophagocytosis, and hypercytokinemia. We describe a previously healthy pregnant patient who presented in the third trimester of pregnancy with HLH. Case Report: A 35-year-old woman presented at 38 weeks' gestation with pyrexia, jaundice, severe anemia, elevated liver enzymes, and lactate dehydrogenase suggestive of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzyme, low platelet) syndrome. Unfortunately, her condition deteriorated and she was ventilated in the intensive care unit despite delivery of the baby and administration of dexamethasone. She developed microangiopathic hemolytic anemia, thrombocytopenia, and renal impairment suggestive of thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura/hemolytic uremic syndrome. However, she was refractory to plasma exchange, intravenous immunoglobulin, and broad-spectrum antibiotics. HLH was eventually diagnosed from biochemical and bone marrow findings. An extensive search for possible causes yielded negative results. She improved significantly with intravenous dexamethasone and cyclosporine A and was transferred out of the intensive care unit. Unfortunately, she developed cytomegalovirus disease 2 weeks later, which improved transiently with intravenous ganciclovir; later, however, she succumbed to multidrug-resistant nosocomial infections, rapidly progressive cytomegalovirus disease, and multiorgan failure. Conclusion: This case highlights the challenges and difficulties involved in the diagnosis and management of pregnancy-related HLH. Immunosuppressive treatment for HLH can precipitate life-threatening opportunistic infections, which need to be promptly diagnosed and treated.
Therapeutic challenges in diabetes prevention: We have not found the "Exercise Pill"; Type 2 diabetes has become an enormous public health burden, making diabetes prevention a pressing issue. While lifestyle modification is the most effective preventive strategy, it is resource-intensive and not universally sustainable. We review the evidence on pharmacological options for diabetes prevention, in search of a medication that is efficacious, easy to adhere to, well tolerated, and cost-effective. With the exception of metformin, most other drugs have either limited efficacy or costly side effects.
Indications for fetal echocardiography: Do they have a real predictive role?; Background: Indications for fetal echocardiography (FE) are based on a variety of maternal and fetal risk factors for congenital heart diseases (CHD). However, most cases are not associated with known risk factors. Purpose: To assess whether fetal and maternal risk factors, actually considered as indications for FE, have a real role in predicting CHD. Methods: We did a retrospective analysis of indications and diagnosis of 1272 performed FE in the last 10 years at our department. Results: 881 (69,2%) FE were requested in absence of risk factors: 24,2% for a suspected CHD, 27% for inadequate visualization of cardiovascular structures (increased maternal abdominal wall thickness: BMI>26), 18% for intracardiac echogenic foci (“golf balls”). The remaining 391 (30,8%) FE were performed in presence of one of the following validated risk factors: 6,8% for twin pregnancy, 1% for maternal reumathological diseases, 2,1% for maternal infections, 3% for maternal diabetes, 2,8% for teratogen exposure, 3,9% for fetal arrhythmias, 5,2% for familiar history (first-degree relatives) positive for CHD, 2% for abnormalities of amniotic fluid volume, 4% for fetal extracardiac and/or chromosomal anomalies. Out of 71 diagnosed CHD, only 2 cases (ventricular septal defects) were associated with maternal infections, 1 case (ventricular septal defect) with carbamazepine exposure, 2 (pulmonary valve stenosis) with abnormalities of amniotic fluid volume, 3 (2 tumors and 1 tetralogy of Fallot) with fetal arrhythmias. In case of parental history of CHD, probability of CHD recurrence was around 2,8% and recurrent defects were aortic coarctation and ventricular septal defect. In 10 cases (cardiac rabdomyomas, aortic coarctation, interrupted aortic arch, tetralogy of Fallot, common arterial trunk, transposition of the great arteries) chromosomal and/or extracardiac anomalies were present. Conclusions: 85% of prenatally detected CHD were not associated with any identified risk factor, therefore the indication for a detailed fetal heart scan should be carefully taken into account also in “low risk” pregnancies. No significant difference existed in the prevalence of CHD between the twin and the singleton pregnancies. Chromosomal and extracardiac anomalies, if compared to other risk factors, seem to be the major predictors of CHD (14%; p<0,001) and, particularly, of complex CHD and CHD with an adverse prognosis. Moreover, most cases of CHD were the first clinical manifestation of chromosomal aneuploidies, thus suggesting the need for a further investigation on coexisting fetal multiorgan and genetic disorders.
Complications and challenges associated with polycystic ovary syndrome: Current perspectives; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) represents the most common endocrine dysfunction in fertile women and it is considered a heterogeneous and multifaceted disorder, with multiple reproductive and metabolic phenotypes which differently affect the early- and long-term syndrome’s risks. Women with PCOS present an adverse reproductive profile, including a high risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. Patients with PCOS present not only a higher prevalence of classic cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, and type-2 diabetes mellitus, but also of nonclassic cardiovascular risk factors, including mood disorders, such as depression and anxiety. Moreover, at the moment, clinical data on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are controversial. Finally, women with PCOS show an increased risk of endometrial cancer compared to non-PCOS healthy women, particularly during premenopausal period. Currently, we are unable to clarify if the increased PCOS early- and long-term risks are totally due to PCOS per se or mostly due to obesity, in particular visceral obesity, that characterized the majority of PCOS patients. In any case, the main endocrine and gynecological scientific societies agree to consider women with PCOS at increased risk of obstetric, cardiometabolic, oncology, and psychological complications throughout life, and it is recommended that these women be accurately assessed with periodic follow-up.
Proyecto Mamá: A lifestyle intervention in overweight and obese Hispanic women: A randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background: The proportion of women entering pregnancy overweight or obese has been rising and, in turn, is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Gestational weight gain (GWG) exceeding Institute of Medicine (IOM) guidelines further increases health risks and has been independently associated with postpartum weight retention. Hispanic women are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity, but have had limited access to interventions that promote healthy lifestyles due to cultural, socioeconomic, and language barriers. Therefore, the overall goal of this randomized controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce excess GWG, increase postpartum weight loss, and improve maternal metabolic status among overweight/obese Hispanic women. Methods/Design: Overweight/obese Hispanic women are recruited in early pregnancy and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n=150) or a Comparison Health and Wellness (control) intervention (n=150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone counseling, and mailed print-based materials) are used to deliver the intervention from early pregnancy (12 weeks gestation) to 6 months postpartum, with follow-up to 1 year postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve IOM Guidelines for GWG and postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and includes strategies to address the specific social, cultural, and economic challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments are conducted at baseline (~10 weeks gestation), mid pregnancy (24-28 weeks gestation), late pregnancy (32-34 weeks gestation) and postpartum at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months by bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy is assessed via GWG, postpartum weight loss, and biomarkers of glycemic control, insulin resistance, and cardiovascular disease risk factors. Changes in physical activity and diet are measured via 7-day accelerometer data and 24-h dietary recalls at each assessment time period. Discussion: Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and are disproportionately affected by overweight and obesity. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations.
The challenges of prevention, diagnosis and treatment of ischemic heart disease in women; Increasing evidence suggests that there are significant differences in the presentation, diagnosis and treatment of ischemic heart disease in women compared to men. Women often present with atypical symptoms, and this, in association with a consistent underestimation of their risk for ischemic heart disease, leads to underdiagnosis and undertreatment in women. Cardiovascular risk factors unique to women have only recently been recognized, and moreover, traditional risk factors have recently been shown to have greater impacts on women. Consequently, women suffer more disability and poorer clinical outcomes, with higher cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. These discrepancies may in part be secondary to the higher prevalence of nonobstructive coronary artery disease in women with persistent chest pain symptoms as compared to men when evaluated invasively. Focused diagnostic and therapeutic strategies unique to women are thus needed, but unfortunately, such sex-specific guidelines do not yet exist, largely due to lack of awareness, both on the part of providers and patients, as well as a paucity of evidence-based research specific to women. Although underutilized in women, diagnostic modalities, including functional and anatomic cardiac tests as well as physiologic assessments of endothelial and microvascular function, are useful for establishing the diagnosis and prognosis of suspected ischemic heart disease in women. This review discusses the current challenges of prevention, diagnosis and treatment of ischemic heart disease in women.
Family history and body mass index predict perceived risks of diabetes and heart attack among community-dwelling Caucasian, Filipino, Korean, and Latino Americans-DiLH Survey; Aim: The purpose of the study was to explore the perceived risk for diabetes and heart attack and associated health status of Caucasian, Filipino, Korean, and Latino Americans without diabetes. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was conducted with 904 urban adults (mean age 44.3. ±. 16.1 years; 64.3% female) in English, Spanish or Korean between August and December 2013. Results: Perceived risk for developing diabetes was indicated by 46.5% (n=421), and 14.3% (n=129) perceived themselves to be at risk for having a heart attack in their lifetime. Significant predictors of pessimistic diabetes risk perceptions: Filipino (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]. =1.7; 95% CI: 1.04-2.86) and Korean (AOR. =2.4; 1.33-4.48) ethnicity, family history of diabetes (AOR. =1.4; 1.00-1.84), female gender (AOR. =1.4; 1.04-1.96), high cholesterol (AOR=1.6; 1.09-2.37) and higher body mass index (BMI) (AOR. =1.1; 1.08-1.15). Predictors of pessimistic heart attack risk perceptions were family history of an early heart attack (AOR. =2.9; 1.69-5.02), high blood pressure (AOR. =2.4; 1.45-3.84), and higher BMI (AOR. =1.1; 1.04-1.12) after controlling for socio-demographic factors. Older age, physical inactivity, smoking, and low HDL levels were not associated with risk perceptions. Conclusion: Multiple risk factors were predictive of greater perceived diabetes risk, whereas, only family history of heart attack, high blood pressure and increases in BMI significantly contributed to perceived risk of heart attack among ethnically diverse at risk middle-aged adults. It is important that healthcare providers address the discordance between an individual's risk perceptions and the presence of actual risk factors.
The relationship between the oxidative stress and the cardiac hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; Recently, oxidative stress was suggested to play a role in maternal and fetal complications of diabetic pregnancies. The aim of this study is to evaluate the global oxidant and antioxidant status in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) via measurement of total antioxidant capacity (TAC) and total oxidant status (TOS) and to determine their association with the clinical and cardiac manifestations of gestational diabetes on infants. Forty five infants constituted the IDM group, 51 infants born to non diabetic mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood was drawn from IDM and controls for TAC and TOS measurement. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days of life. Infants of diabetic mother had significantly higher TAC (p=0.024), TOS (p=0.03) and oxidative stress index (OSI, p=0.04) levels compared to controls. Hemoglobin values were correlated to TOS (r=0.310, p=0.03) and OSI (r=0.310, p=0.03). Maternal HbA1c values were also correlated to TOS (r=0.576, p=0.001) and OSI (r=0.606, p<. 0.001). Systolic and diastolic interventicular septum measurements, and left ventricular mass were also correlated with TOS (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.453, p=0.002; r=0.404, p=0.006, respectively) and OSI (r=0.330, p=0.02; r=0.300, p=0.04, r=0.300; p=0.04, respectively). Oxidant-antioxidant balance is disturbed in favor of oxidants in IDM despite compensatory increase in TAC. The degree of oxidative stress is related to the severity of myocardial and hematological involvement in IDM in the first days of life and maternal glycemic control.
The etiology of lenticulostriate vasculopathy and the role of congenital infections; Lenticulostriate vasculopathy (LSV) refers to increased echogenicity of the penetrating vessels that supply the basal ganglia and segments of the internal capsule seen on cranial ultrasound. Initially identified in infants with congenital infection, LSV has now been associated with a variety of infectious and non-infectious conditions. Although robust epidemiologic studies are lacking, the available evidence does not support broad evaluation for multiple congenital infections when LSV is identified. We propose screening infants with LSV for congenital cytomegalovirus infection and ensuring that prenatal screening included appropriate testing for syphilis, human immunodeficiency virus, and rubella-immune status. Large, prospective observational studies are needed to determine the incidence of LSV and the relative contribution of infectious and non-infectious conditions to LSV in the neonate.
Health after pregnancy in the mother with diabetes; Progression of retinopathy and nephropathy in women with diabetes occurs, at least temporarily, during pregnancy and postpartum. However, normotensive pregnancy seems to have no detrimental effects regarding the long-term progression of any microvascular complication. Increased risk from pregnancy induced hypertension without proteinuria and with proteinuria (pre-eclampsia) relates mainly to the association with kidney disease in diabetes, and poor glycemic control. A history of pre-eclampsia or pregnancy induced hypertension is an important prognostic factor for micro- and macro-vascular complications later in life. Data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late complications of diabetes suggest that women with diabetes should be monitored regularly and nephroprotective treatment initiated early.
A comprehensive over view of polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS); Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common heterogeneous endocrine disorder characterized by irregular menses, hyperandrogenism & polycystic ovaries. The incidence varies between 0.5 - 4 % more common amongst infertile women. It is prevalent in young reproductive age group (20 - 30 %). The prevalence of PCOS varies depending on which criteria are used to make the diagnosis, but is as high as 15%-20% when the European Society for Human Reproduction and Embryology/American Society for Reproductive Medicine criteria are used. Clinical manifestations include oligomenorrhea or amenorrhea, hirsutism & frequently infertility. Risk factor for PCOS in adults includes type I & II diabetes and gestational diabetes. Insulin resistance affects 50%-70% of women with PCOS leading to a number of comorbidities including metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance & diabetes. Studies show that women with PCOS are more likely to have increased coronary artery calcium scores and increased carotid intima-media thickness. Mental health disorders including depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and binge eating disorder also occur more frequently in women with PCOS. Weight loss improves menstrual irregularities, symptoms of androgen excess and infertility. Management of clinical manifestations of PCOS includes Oral Contraceptives for menstrual irregularities and hirsutism. Spironolactone & Finasterideare used to treat symptoms of androgen excess. Treatment options for Infertility include Clomiphene, Laparoscopic Ovarian Drilling, Gonadotropins & Assisted Reproductive Technology. Recent data suggest that Metformin, Letrozole (Femara)and Anastrozole (Arimidex)may play an important role in ovulation induction. Proper diagnosis and management of PCOS is essential to address patient concerns butalso to prevent future metabolic, endocrine, psychiatric andcardiovascular complications.
Recognition and management of individuals with hyperglycemia because of a heterozygous glucokinase mutation; Glucokinase-maturity-onset diabetes of the young (GCK-MODY), also known as MODY2, is caused by heterozygous inactivating mutations in the GCK gene. GCK gene mutations are present in ∼1 in 1,000 of the population, but most are not diagnosed. They are common causes of MODY (10-60%): persistent incidental childhood hyperglycemia (10-60%) and gestational diabetes mellitus (1-2%). GCK-MODY has a unique pathophysiology and clinical characteristics, so it is best considered as a discrete genetic subgroup. People with GCK-MODY have a defect in glucose sensing; hence, glucose homeostasis is maintained at a higher set point resulting in mild, asymptomatic fasting hyperglycemia (5.4-8.3 mmol/L, HbA1c range 5.8-7.6% [40-60 mmol/mol]), which is present from birth and shows slight deterioration with age. Even after 50 years of mild hyperglycemia, people with GCK-MODY do not develop significant microvascular complications, and the prevalence of macrovascular complications is probably similar to that in the general population. Treatment is not recommended outside pregnancy because glucose-lowering therapy is ineffective in people with GCK-MODY and there is a lack of long-term complications. In pregnancy, fetal growth is primarily determined by whether the fetus inherits the GCK gene mutation from their mother. Insulin treatment of the mother is only appropriate when increased fetal abdominal growth on scanning suggests the fetus is unaffected. The impact on outcome of maternal insulin treatment is limited owing to the difficulty in altering maternal glycemia in these patients. Making the diagnosis of GCK-MODY through genetic testing is essential to avoid unnecessary treatment and investigations, especially when patients are misdiagnosed with type 1 or type 2 diabetes.
Tapazole associated cutaneous vasculitis. A case report; Agranulocytosis and p-ANCA-associated vasculitis are rare complications of anti-thyroid therapy, and generally do not occur simultaneously. The pathophysiology of these reactions is poorly understood, however autoimmunity is thought to play a role in conjunction with direct toxicity. Among those with anti-thyroid medication induced vasculitis, reactions may resemble lupus-like disease or idiopathic systemic vasculitis. Reported cases describe leukocytoclastic infiltrates on skin biopsy, however there has been at least one case that also described the presence of thrombi. We report a case of an eighteen year old woman with Grave's hyperthyroidism treated for one year with methimazole who presented with necrotic skin lesions of the lower extremities. These lesions, taken during a period of coinciding agranulocytiosis, were inconsistent with typical histopathological biopsy findings of leukocytoclastic vasculitis. The rash began as two erythematous lesions on the left leg which became centrally ulcerated with eschar. Lesions appeared on the right leg five days later. There was no preceding palpable purpura, arthritis, or pruritis. Past medical history included mild asthma and acne treated with a combination oral contraceptive. Family history is significant for maternal hyperthyroidism and gestational diabetes of as well as a sister with hypothyroidism. The patient denied drug use, is sexually active with no history of STI, and has piercings and a tattoo. Investigations revealed aseptic lesions with mixed dermal inflammation on biopsy including extravasated RBCs and possible fibrin or thombi in the dermal vessels suggestive of a thrombotic vasculopathy. There was an absence of neutrophilic infiltrate. The patient had an isolated, severe neutropenia of zero with an otherwise unremarkable peripheral smear. ENA, RF, ANA, anti-dsDNA, anti-tTG, cryoglobulins, and anti-centromere B were negative; however anti-MPO and anti-intrinsic antibodies were positive. Complement levels and renal function were normal. Hepatitis B and C, HIV, EBV, and CMV serology were negative. Drug testing was negative. Two days after discontinuation of methimazole there were no observable neutrophils; G-CSF treatment was given, with neutrophil normalization after four days. The patient's rash improved after ceasing methimazole but was still present at discharge 12 days later. We report a case of methimazole-associated agranulocytosis and necrotic skin lesions, in the absence of typical leukocytoclastic vasculitis on biopsy. To our knowledge, this is the first case to report a mixed inflammatory appearance as opposed to a leukocytoclastic vasculitis. This may suggest a novel reaction to methimazole or the result of coinciding agranulocytosis at the time of skin biopsy.
Maternal sleep position: What do we know where do we go?; Good sleep is an essential component to health and wellbeing. It consumes one third of human existence; unhealthy sleep can severely impair the other two-thirds. An increasing amount of data now shows that poor sleep - such as sleep disordered breathing, poor sleep quality, and insomnia - has a negative impact on pregnancy outcomes [1-5]. Indeed, over half of the most important risk factors for stillbirth, such as maternal hypertension, gestational diabetes, and fetal growth restriction, have been shown to be associated with maternal sleep disruption [1,2,6-9]. Findings from recent studies have also suggested that maternal sleep position may be a risk factor for stillbirth [10,11]. It has long been recognized that posture in late pregnancy can have a profound effect on maternal hemodynamics. Studies in awake pregnant women have demonstrated reduced ejection fraction and cardiac output in the supine position compared to the left lateral position [12] that may reduce utero-placental blood flow to the fetus since the gravid uterus compresses the inferior vena cava. Failure to prevent this compression can lead to maternal supine hypotensive syndrome [13] and to an adverse effect on umbilical artery blood flow and gas exchange between mother and fetus, with consequent fetal heart rate decelerations [14] and fetal growth restriction [15]. For over 60 years it has been standard of care to place laboring pregnant women in the left lateral tilt position to displace the uterus from the inferior vena cava and improve maternal hemodynamics. Despite this knowledge, little attention has been paid to maternal sleep position during pregnancy even though we spend about one third of our life asleep. Given the known effects of inferior vena cava compression it is very possible that supine sleep could be a risk for stillbirth. Recent studies in Auckland, New Zealand [10], and Ghana, Africa [11] have both shown that supine sleep is independently associated with stillbirth; indeed Owusu et al [11] found that the effect of supine sleep on stillbirth was mediated via low birth weight. Both of the latter studies suggested that if supine sleep plays a causal role in stillbirth, altering the sleep position of pregnant women may reduce stillbirth by approximately 25%. Of note, we have recently demonstrated that the majority of pregnant women (about 80%) spend some time sleeping supine, with the median time being approximately one quarter of the night [16]. Supine sleep may therefore represent a maternal stressor in the unexplained late stillbirth triple risk model [17]. Thus, if supine sleep plays a role in stillbirth, the majority of pregnant women would benefit from education and potential intervention. Several potential methods to reduce supine sleep include the use of mattress wedges or pillows [18] or other interventions such as the 'tennis ball' technique [19] or even novel devices that could alert a pregnant women to change position. However, before intervention studies are launched, it is pertinent that the findings regarding sleep position are repeated and confirmed in other studies; several such studies are currently underway including small studies monitoring the fetus during maternal sleep (O'Brien and Warland, personal communication) and large studies such as the MiNESS study in the UK [20] that will either support or refute the sleep position hypothesis.
Antioxidant plants and diabetes mellitus; The incidence of diabetes mellitus (DM) is increasing rapidly and it is expected to increase by 2030. Other than currently available therapeutic options, there are a lot of herbal medicines, which have been recommended for its treatment. Herbal medicines have long been used for the treatment of DM because of the advantage usually having no or less side-effects. Most of these plants have antioxidant activities and hence, prevent or treat hard curable diseases, other than having the property of combating the toxicity of toxic or other drugs. In this review other than presenting new findings of DM, the plants, which are used and have been evaluated scientifically for the treatment of DM are introduced.
Hyperuricemia: A biomarker of renal hemodynamic impairment; Background: Many epidemiological, clinical, and experimental reports have demonstrated an association between serum uric acid concentration and a variety of cardiovascular and renal diseases, particularly in hypertension. At present, there seems to be no resolution to the question whether this relationship is causal or coincidental. Summary: This discussion examines a number of biological, pathophysiological, fundamental, and clinical relationships between serum uric acid concentration and several of these disorders. To this end, discussion and review provide some specific insight conclusions and recommendations related to their clinical relevance. Key Messages: We suggest that, in most instances (especially in patients with essential hypertension), the increase in serum uric acid concentration is coincidental, serving as a useful biomarker that relates the magnitude of circulating plasma uric acid concentration with the extent of impaired cardiovascular and renal function. Moreover, the value of certain pharmaceutical agents affecting the serum uric acid level should be considered carefully by taking into consideration the associated pathophysiological derangements.
Adverse pregnancy conditions, infertility, and future cardiovascular risk: Implications for mother and child; Adverse pregnancy conditions in women are common and have been associated with adverse cardiovascular and metabolic outcomes such as myocardial infarction and stroke. As risk stratification in women is often suboptimal, recognition of non-traditional risk factors such as hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and premature delivery has become increasingly important. Additionally, such conditions may also increase the risk of cardiovascular disease in the children of afflicted women. In this review, we aim to highlight these conditions, along with infertility, and the association between such conditions and various cardiovascular outcomes and related maternal risk along with potential translation of risk to offspring. We will also discuss proposed mechanisms driving these associations as well as potential opportunities for screening and risk modification.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life.
A cross-sectional study of tumor markers during normal and high-risk pregnancies; Objective To determine tumor marker concentrations during normal and high-risk pregnancies. Methods The present cross-sectional study included women attending the gynecology outpatient department at All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, India, between November 1, 2012 and March 31, 2013. Their serum was assayed for carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA), cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9), and cancer antigen 15-3 (CA15-3). Results A total of 251 pregnant women and 31 nonpregnant women were included. Median CEA value was lower among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (1.2 μg/L vs 1.4 μg/L; P = 0.006), whereas that of CA15-3 was higher (16.7 U/mL vs 12.3 U/mL; P = 0.03). CA19-9 concentration was higher among pregnant women aged 25-29 years (7.0 U/mL) or 30-34 years (7.2 U/mL) than among those aged 20-24 years (4.2 U/mL; P = 0.01 for both). The CA15-3 level was increased during the second (13.0 U/mL) and third (60.5 U/mL) trimesters compared with the first trimester (9.5 U/mL) (P ≤ 0.01 for both comparisons). It was also raised in high-risk pregnancies (33.7 U/mL), specifically pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (39.7 U/mL), intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (64.3 U/mL), or heart disease (54.0 U/mL) (P ≤ 0.05 for all). Conclusion CA15-3 concentrations rise during pregnancy, but whether this increase can be attributed to physiological changes in breast tissue needs to be investigated further.
Other adverse pregnancy outcomes and future chronic disease; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of morbidity and mortality in females worldwide. Pregnancy is associated with significant physiologic changes that may function as a natural stress test to detect women at future risk. It is established that women who have had a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease later in life, and there is growing evidence that women who deliver infants preterm or growth-restricted infants have an elevated risk as well. Consideration should be given to including these outcomes as indicators of cardiovascular risk. Pregnancy represents a teachable moment when it would be ideal to identify women at risk. Improved integration of women's primary health care and an enhanced knowledge base on the part of clinicians will be necessary to fully incorporate these findings into the clinical care of women.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Excessive gestational weight gain and obesity; Metabolic and behavioral changes that occur during pregnancy have well-known effects on maternal and fetal health during the immediate pregnancy and now are thought to be a catalyst for future health throughout later life. Recommendations for appropriate gestational weight gain (GWG) and lifestyle modifications during pregnancy have changed throughout history as more is known about this crucial time. Herein we discuss the current GWG recommendations and the impact of pregnancy and excess GWG gain on the current and future health of women and children including risk of obesity, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and metabolic syndrome.
High Uric Acid Levels During Pregnancy Linked to Increased Risk for Future Atherosclerotic-Related Hospitalization; The aim of this study was to examine the association between uric acid (UA) level during pregnancy and future maternal hospitalization for atherosclerotic-related morbidity. A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000 to 2012 and subsequently developed atherosclerotic morbidity at least 1 year after their last delivery (n=588) and controls (n=3645). The mean follow-up duration was 57.8±35.6 months and 77±43.4 months, respectively. Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios for hospitalizations. A significant linear association was documented between UA during pregnancy and long-term maternal-related atherosclerotic morbidity. A Cox proportional hazard model, controlling for the confounders gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, obesity, maternal age, creatinine level, and gestational week at index pregnancy showed that UA ≥5.6 mg/dL during pregnancy remained independently associated with long-term total hospitalization (adjusted hazard ratio, 1.47; 95% confidence interval, 1.16-1.86; P<.001). High UA level during pregnancy may predict maternal atherosclerotic morbidity.
Society for maternal and fetal medicine workshop on pregnancy as a window to future health: Clinical utility of classifying women with metabolic syndrome; Women with preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and obesity during pregnancy are at risk for medical complications later in life. Therefore, practitioners should identify those who can benefit from early diagnosis and interventions. Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of risk factors including hypertension, elevated triglycerides, low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, glucose intolerance, and obesity, which also identifies those at risk for cardiovascular disease. Taking the time to classify women with the metabolic syndrome does not necessarily offer risk stratification superior to that offered by identifying the individual components. This article will offer conclusions regarding the need for busy obstetrician/gynecologists to make this classification.
Cardiovascular disease screening; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death amongst women worldwide. Cardiovascular risk assessment and primary prevention are important strategies to improve morbidity and mortality. In additional to the traditional risk factors, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increment future risk of developing cardiovascular complications. Additionally, several serum biomarkers are valuable measures for both risk assessment and predictors of clinical outcomes in women. The purpose of this review is to describe current risk stratification schemes as well as outline the role of obstetric history and serum biomarkers in adjusting risk stratification in women.
Sleep-disordered breathing and future cardiovascular disease risk; Sleep-disordered breathing occurs in 0.6-15% of reproductive age women. This condition is associated with an increased lifetime risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular mortality, and all-cause mortality. A substantial body of evidence demonstrated increased perinatal morbidity among pregnancies affected by SDB including gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia. These same conditions are predictive of later cardiovascular disease. Treatment of SDB has been demonstrated to decrease future cardiovascular events and mortality. Screening at-risk individuals in the perinatal period can identify women with SDB, who can benefit from treatment. Continuous positive airway pressure and lifestyle interventions can decrease subsequent adverse cardiovascular health outcomes.
Does dystocia during labor pose a risk factor for another non-progressive labor during the subsequent delivery?; Objective: To establish whether failure to progress during labor poses a risk factor for another non-progressive labor (NPL) during the subsequent delivery. Methods: A retrospective cohort study including singleton pregnancies that failed to progress during the previous labor and resulted in a cesarean section (CS) was conducted. Parturients were classified into three groups for both previous and subsequent labors: CS due to NPL stage I, stage II and an elective CS as a comparison group. Results: Of 202462 deliveries, 10654 women met the inclusion criteria: 3068 women were operated due to NPL stage I and 1218 due to NPL stage II. The comparison group included 6368 women. Using a multivariable logistic regression models, NPL stage I during the previous delivery was found as an independent risk factor for another NPL stage I in the subsequent labor (adjusted odds ratio [OR]=2.9; 95% confidence interval [CI]=2.4-3.7; p<0.001). Similarly, NPL at stage I or II was found to be an independent risk factor for a NPL stage II during the subsequent labor (adjusted OR=1.4; 95% CI=1.1-2.1; p=0.033; adjusted OR=5.3; 95% CI=3.7-7.5; p<0.001; respectively). Conclusion: A previous CS due to a NPL is an independent risk factor for another NPL in the subsequent pregnancy and for recurrent cesarean delivery.
Prevalence of congenital heart disease and its related risk indicators among 90 796 Chinese infants aged less than 6 months in Tianjin; Background: Congenital heart disease (CHD) represents one of the most prevalent congenital malformations. However, few studies use whole-population screening by colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to identify CHD among live infants. We estimate the prevalence of CHD and its major risk indicators among infants aged less than 6 months in urban Tianjin, China.Methods: A colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system was used as the screening tool for the diagnosis of CHD. A total of 90 796 infants aged less than 6 months, living in the nine urban districts of Tianjin, China, participated in the CHD screening programme between July 2009 and June 2011.Results: A total of 1817 children were identified as having CHD. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 16.4 per 1000 live births among 47 697 boys, 24.1 per 1000 live births among 43 099 girls, and 20.0 per 1,000 live births among 90 796 boys and girls combined. Atrial septal defect was the most common heart lesion of CHD, with the prevalence of 10.6 per 1000 live births. Several maternal antenatal factors, such as older age, pregnant infections, pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, family history of CHD, and lower education level, and several child factors, such as early screening age, lower birthweight and short gestational age, were associated with an increased risk of CHD.Conclusions: The prevalence of CHD of live infants in Tianjin was found to be relatively high by using a colour Doppler ultrasonic diagnostic system to screen CHD. Several maternal factors were associated with CHD risk.
Introduction into clinical practice 2013 ESH/ESC guidelines for the management of arterial hypertension; Objective: Bring to the notice of the Belarusian cardiologists and general practitioners (GP) the main provisions of the 2013 Guidelines for the management of arterial hypertension (AH). Design and method: Translation of the full text of the 2013 Guidelines for AH, placing it on the website of Belarusian Scientific Society of Cardiologists (BSSC), conducting workshops in all regions of Belarus for cardiologists and GP. Results: With the permission of the ESH/ESC Belarusian Hypertension League (BHL) translated, printed and postered a translation of the full text of 2013 Guidelines for the management of AH on the site of BSSC. By order of the Ministry of Health of Belarus group of leading cardiologists (members of the Board of BHL) was prepared and conducted one-day workshops in Minsk and 6 regional cities on the main issues of diagnosis, prevention and treatment strategies in special conditions (pregnancy, diabetes, metabolic syndrome, in young people, the elderly, with ischemic heart disease, with secondary hypertension, stroke, etc) for more than 750 cardiologists and GP. In addition to work shops leading cardiologists during 2014 presented more than 50 lectures on certain aspects of the Guidelines in different cities and towns of Belarus. Than together with colleagues from Russian Society of Hypertension 24-25 October 2014 was held Belarusian- Russian Summit on modern approaches to combination therapy of AH based on 2013 Guidelines for AH. In each region representatives of the medical management of the region after workshops were conducted tests cardiologists and GP on the main aspects of 2013 Guidelines for the management of AH. Conclusions: Belarusian cardiologists and GP received the full translation of the new Guidelines for AH and explanations of the leading experts on main approaches to diagnosis, prevention and treatment of AH.
Insulin resistance and high amount of visceral fat characterize women with previous gestational diabetes and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; In type 2 diabetes, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is linked to cardiovascular disease and progressive liver disease. Because of their high risk of type 2 diabetes, women with previous GDM (pGDM) may be at high risk of developing NAFLD. Non-diabetic women with pGDM (n=98, age: 38±1 years) underwent 75g oral glucose tolerance test, dual energy X-ray absorptiometry whole body scan and ultrasound scan, elastography (a novel, non-invasive way of measuring steatosis, returns an E-median index) and fibroscan of the liver to evaluate steatosis and fibrosis. The median of ten representative elastographic measurements is provided as the E-median. Twenty-six (27%) women had steatosis based on the ultrasound scan and 72 (73%) were without steatosis. When comparing the two groups, the women with NAFLD had significantly higher BMI (34±1 vs. 31±1 kg/m2 (mean±SEM), P=0.001) and android-to-gynoid fat-ratio (1.2±0 vs. 1.1±0, P=0.021), had larger visceral fat mass (1,488±136 vs. 1,009±60 g, P=0.003), were more insulin resistant as evaluated by the homeostasis model assessment 2 (HOMA2IR) (2.5±0 vs. 1.7±0, P=0.019), and had higher fasting C-peptide (672±61 vs. 496±21 pmol/L, P=0.011), E-median (1.7±0 vs. 0.9±0, P=0.001), and liver enzyme levels (alanine aminotransferase: 34±4 vs. 23±1 U/L, P=0.017; aspartate aminotransferase: 31±2 vs. 26±1 U/L, P=0.018) as well as lower plasma high density lipoprotein (1.1±0 vs. 1.3±0 mmol/L, P=0.019). Multivariable logistic regression analysis showed that the amount of visceral fat mass (P=0.0011) and the aspartate aminotransferase level (P=0.001) were associated with NAFLD in the pGDM group. The results show that women with pGDM and insulin resistance may develop NAFLD at an early age. NAFLD in T2D is linked to cardiovascular disease and progressive liver disease, and therefore warrants early identification of these women for management of comorbidities to prevent future cardiovascular disease events.
Discontinuation and down-titration of sulfonylurea therapy in type 2 diabetes patients who initiate insulin; Patients (pts) with type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are frequently treated with sulfonylureas (SUs), but therapy can be discontinued or down-titrated for reasons such as hypoglycemia or weight gain. A retrospective cohort study using MarketScan was conducted to identify factors associated with SU discontinuation (DC) or down-titration (DT) after insulin initiation. Pts ≥21 years with a T2DM diagnosis from 2006-2012 were identified. The index date was the first insulin claim between 2007 and 2011. Pts were treated with SU at the index date and were excluded if they did not have continuous enrollment ≥12 months before (pre-index) and after the index date, were receiving insulin in the 12 months prior to the index date, or had type 1 diabetes mellitus, other forms of secondary or gestational diabetes. DC occurred when the gap between the end date of current SU claim and the start date of subsequent claim was ≥90 days apart or there was no subsequent SU. DT occurred when a subsequent SU had a lower dose than the index dose. Logistic regression was performed to identify factors associated with SU DC or DT vs. continuation without DT. Of the 76,525 pts selected, 26.5% discontinued and 3.7% down-titrated their SUs within 1 year. Median time from insulin initiation to SU DC and DT was 60 and 100 days, respectively. In the logistic regression, factors associated with SU DC included female gender (OR=1.05), age (OR=0.95), pre-index hospitalizations (OR=1.21), and presence of pre-index hypoglycemia (OR=1.19), liver disease (OR=1.24), microvascular complications (OR=0.95) or chronic renal disease (OR=1.09; all P<.01). Pre-index cardiovascular disease (OR=1.15) and hospitalizations (OR=1.22), as well as age (OR=1.06) and female gender (OR=1.26), were associated with SU DT (all P<.01). In conclusion, over 30% of patients discontinued or down-titrated their SU therapy one year after insulin initiation. Several factors, including comorbidities and hypoglycemic events, impacted these treatment changes.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and long-term risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in a large prospective cohort of U.S. Women; Recent findings suggest GDM is associated with intermediate markers of CVD, including hypertension, atherosclerosis, inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction. Few studies, however, have prospectively evaluated the relationship between GDM and clinical CVD events, and whether this relationship is independent of intermediate T2D. Thus, we evaluated GDM and subsequent CVD risk in a large U.S. cohort (1989-2013). Our analysis included 87,229 women in the Nurses' Health Study II reporting a pregnancy and free of CVD at baseline. Lifestyle and health outcomes were updated every 2 years. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models estimated relative risks (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI). Validated self-report of GDM occurred in 3608 women. There were 939 incident confirmed CVD events (myocardial infarction [MI] or stroke). Compared to women without GDM, a history of GDM was associated with a significant 39% greater CVD risk (CI=1.04, 1.86), adjusting for age, BMI, lifestyle, and other CVD risk factors. CVD risk was highest among women with GDM and subsequent T2D (HR=4.13, CI=1.92, 8.89), and attenuated among women reporting GDM without T2D (HR=1.29, CI=0.93, 1.79), compared with no diabetes. Associations were stable regardless of time since pregnancy and were similar for MI and stroke. Subgroup analyses indicated a stronger CVD risk among currently obese participants (BMI≥30) (HR=1.81, CI=1.18, 2.76) than non-obese patients (RR=1.05; 95% CI=0.67, 1.65). Additionally, among women with a family history of MI, GDM was associated with a 78% greater MI risk (CI=1.01, 3.12), and among those with a family history of stroke, with a nearly 4-fold greater stroke risk (HR=3.98, CI=1.21, 13.13). Overall, GDM was associated with CVD later in life, particularly among women with intermediate T2D or a family history of CVD. Studies are needed to confirm these findings and to identify lifestyle factors to mitigate CVD risk among these high risk women.
Cardiovascular disease risk factors in maternal diabetes are associated with placental vasculopathy; Women with maternal diabetes, including type 1 (T1DM), type 2 (T2DM), and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), have a greater prevalence of cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors than women with normoglycemic pregnancies. Additionally, a higher prevalence of placental vasculopathy has been reported among women with compared to women without diabetes in pregnancy. However, the relationship between placental vasculopathy and CVD risk factors in women with diabetes has not been elucidated. We retrospectively analyzed the CVD risk profiles of pregnant women with (T1DM [n= 25], T2DM [n= 34], and biochemically-confirmed GDM [n= 67]) and without placental vasculopathy (T1DM [n= 11], T2DM [n= 3], and GDM [n= 62]) with self-reported race/ethnicity and live, full-term singleton births. Placental vasculopathy included decidual and fetal thrombotic vasculopathy, chorangiosis, and placental infarct. Odds ratios [OR; 95% CI] measured the univariate associations between placental vasculopathy and CVD risk related factors, including age, body mass index, blood pressure, gestational weight gain, non-white race, smoking, and insulin use. Women with compared to those without placental vasculopathy had greater gestational weight gain (24.1 ± 12.9 vs. 18.9 ± 12.4 kg; p= 0.01) and insulin use (43.8 vs. 21.1%; p= 0.001). Gestational weight gain (1.03 [1.00, 1.05]; p= 0.03) and insulin use (OR [95% CI]: 3.37[1.81, 6.27]; p <0.001) predicted an increased risk of chorangiosis; non-white race (0.49 [0.28, 0.86]; p= 0.01) predicted a decreased risk of chorangiosis. Weight gain (1.04 [1.01, 1.06]; p= 0.01) and insulin use (2.92 [1.51, 5.64]; p= 0.001) also predicted an increased risk of any placental vasculopathy in women with diabetes. Maternal diabetes and placental vasculopathy are associated with CVD risk factors, specifically weight gain and insulin use. Further research on the implications of the intersection of maternal diabetes, placental vasculopathy, and CVD risk is warranted.
Placental pathologic changes in women with gestational diabetes reflect those observed in type 2 diabetes; During a pregnancy complicated by diabetes, the human placenta undergoes a number of functional and structural pathologic changes. However, pathologic findings reported have differed among studies, potentially reflecting pathophysiologic differences among types of diabetes. We retrospectively analyzed women with pregestational (type 1 [T1DM]; n=36 and type 2 [T2DM]; n=37) and biochemically-confirmed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM; n=129) with self-reported race/ethnicity and live, fullterm, singleton births. Clinical data were abstracted from medical records. Placental diagnoses were established by examination by one of 4 perinatal pathologists and confirmed by DJR. Placental diagnoses included decidual vasculopathy, villous immaturity, chorangiosis, and placental infarcts. Independent samples t and chi-square tests were used for between group comparisons; data are presented as mean ± SD or percentages. Women with T1DM compared to women with either T2DM or GDM had higher gestational weight gain (T2DM: 28.5 ± 12.4 vs. 20.5 ± 13.4 kg; p=0.03 or GDM: 21.3 ± 12.7 kg; p=0.008), 1st trimester systolic blood pressure (T2DM: 123.9 ± 12.3 vs. 108.5 ± 13.4 mmHg; p= 0.008 or GDM: 111.6 ± 12.0 mmHg; p <0.001), and insulin use (T2DM: 100.0 vs. 85.3%; p=0.02 or GDM: 3.9%; p<0.001); but lower frequency of non-white race (T2DM: 25.0 vs. 67.6%; p <0.001 or GDM: 62.8 %; p<0.001). There was a similarly higher prevalence of placental infarcts among placentas from women with GDM (15.5 vs. 2.8%; p=0.04) and T2DM (24.3; p= 0.04) compared with T1DM. However, placentas from women with T2DM compared to GDM had higher rates of decidual vasculopathy (8.3 vs. 1.6%; p=0.04) and chorangiosis (77.8 vs. 38%; p< 0.001) but a lower rate of villous immaturity (10.8 vs. 90.7%; p< 0.001). Placental pathology differs according to maternal diabetes type, potentially reflecting underlying disease mechanism. Further research on the relationship between placental and metabolic derangements is warranted.
Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) in neonates: Normal values and the effects of prenatal and maternal factors in 210 healthy newborns age 0 to 7 days; Background: Tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) is a simple, reproducible echocardiographic measure of right ventricular systolic function. The aim of this study was to develop reference values for TAPSE in a large population of neonates age 0 to 7 days, and to investigate the effects of prenatal and maternal factors. Methods: A retrospective study was conducted in term and near-term infants (>36 weeks gestation) with normal echocardiograms. A patent ductus arteriosus (in the first 4 days of life) and a small interatrial communication were considered normal. Chromosomal or multiple congenital anomalies and any cardiopulmonary symptoms constituted exclusion criteria. The effects of gestational age, birth weight, body surface area, day of life, and maternal factors were evaluated. Results: A total of 210 subjects (117 male) were identified; 52 within the first 24 hours (h) of life, 76 from 24-48 h, 48 from 48-72 h, and 34 over 72 h. Median gestational age was 39 2/7 weeks (range 36 1/7-42 weeks), mean birth weight was 3.4 kg (±0.57 kg), and mean body surface area (BSA) was 0.21 m2 (±0.02 m2). Median TAPSE was 0.97 cm (0.55-1.59cm), and median TAPSE/BSA ratio was 4.63 (range 2.58-8.93). Greater birth weight and BSA were associated with higher TAPSE (Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.28 and 0.26, respectively; p < 0.001). There was no significant difference in TAPSE by age group, but infants >72 h of age had significantly higher TAPSE/BSA ratios than those at 24-48 h (Tukey's 95% CI [0.06, 0.96]). TAPSE did not vary significantly by gestational age. There was no correlation between TAPSE and the presence of maternal diabetes, obesity, hypertension, hypothyroidism, advanced maternal age, oligohydramnios, or with the mode of delivery. Intraclass correlation demonstrated 92% interobserver and 96% intraobserver agreement. Conclusion: In a large cohort of neonates within the first week of life, TAPSE correlates with birth weight and BSA. Right ventricular systolic function as measured by TAPSE/BSA is greatest after 72 h of life when compared to 24-48 h.
SLE and SS: Maternal and fetal risks: Treatment strategies; Issues regarding pregnancy in women with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and Sjogren's Syndrome (SS) are an important part of disease management. SLE impacts women during their peak reproductive years while SS occurs more frequently at the tail end of this period. Maternal risks: Better disease control of SLE in general has improved the course of SLE during pregnancy. Nonetheless, pregnancy SLE flare rate still approaches 60 percent. Fortunately, only one-fifth of these flares will be severe. Common disease manifestations during pregnancy include lupus nephritis, cutaneous disease, arthritis and thrombocytopenia. The type of organsystem involvement in the pre-conception period may predict disease symptoms during pregnancy. Risks for flare during pregnancy include active disease in the six months preceding conception and any history of renal disease. Low complement levels and hematologic abnormalities also portend worse pregnancy outcome. Preeclampsia, eclampsia and HELLP syndrome are increased in lupus pregnancies, with 25 percent of women with SLE developing preeclampsia. Preeclampsia can be difficult to distinguish from SLE flare as both conditions are associated with hypertension, edema, proteinuria and low platelet counts. Elevated liver function tests and uric acid levels, an acellular urine sediment and onset after 34 weeks suggest preeclampsia, whereas low complement levels, rising anti-dsDNA antibody titers, low white blood cell count, an active urine sediment and onset prior to 20 weeks gestation are more indicative of a lupus flare. Higher rates of thrombosis, cesarean section and maternal mortality occur in women with SLE when compared to controls. SLE patients with pulmonary hypertension, prior cerebral vascular event or myocardial infarction are at the highest risk for maternal mortality. Limited data precludes conclusions regarding the maternal risks in SS pregnancy other than an apparent increase in cesarean section rate. Fetal risks: Increased rates of miscarriage and stillbirths are reported in SLE pregnancy with and without the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies (aPLs). Preterm premature rupture of the membranes (PPROM) with preterm birth also occurs with higher frequency in SLE pregnancies. Reports for the incidence of small for gestational age infants (SGA) in SLE varies from the background rate of 5% to an increased rate of 30%. There is conflicting data on whether SS causes increased fetal loss. In women with SLE and/or SS, the presence of anti-SSA/ anti-Ro and anti-SS-B /anti-La antibodies is associated with a 10-15% risk of neonatal lupus (cardiac, cutaneous, hematologic and hepatic manifestations) and a 2% risk of congenital complete heart block in the offspring. Risk of the latter increases to 17% in a subsequent pregnancy. Management/Treatment: Women with SLE and SS should be co-managed by a team that includes a maternal-fetal medicine and rheumatology specialist who are familiar with the management of these disorders during pregnancy. For women with SLE, baseline laboratory testing should be done prior to pregnancy or early in the first trimester. This evaluation should include a complete blood count, liver function tests, assessment of renal function including urine protein testing, uric acid level, anti-dsDNA titer, complement levels and testing for anti-SS-A/anti-Ro and anti-SS-B /anti-La and antiphospholipid antibodies. Patients with SS should also be assessed for the presence of anti-SS-A/anti-Ro and anti-SS-B /anti-La antibodies. Regular monitoring with laboratory testing should be tailored to the individual's clinical situation and antibody status. Treatment strategies should focus on disease control prior to conception. Certain medications commonly used for SLE disease management such as methotrexate, leflunomide, mycophenolate mofetil, cyclophosphamide, belimumab, and rituximab, are contraindicated during pregnancy. Other immunosuppressive agents such as cyclosporine, azathioprine, and tacrolimus are considered compatible with pregnancy. Glucocorticoids can be used during pregnancy although they carry an increased risk of cleft palate formation with first trimester exposure, and PPROM, gestational diabetes and hypertension when used throughout pregnancy. Transitioning women to medications that are compatible with pregnancy should occur six months prior to conception to ensure that patients are stable on their anticipated pregnancy regimen. Hydroxychloroquine use during pregnancy should be encouraged in SLE patients as the data suggest that this medication improves pregnancy outcome. Hydroxychloroquine should also be considered for all anti-SSA/anti-Ro and anti-SSB /anti-La positive mothers to reduce the risk of congenital complete heart block.
The spectrum of sacral agenesis and associated malformations-two decades experience; Introduction: To report this author's experience in treating total and partial sacral agenesis (SA) and associated malformations. Methods: The study is based on a prospective database of SA maintained by this author from 1990 . Patients with isolated coccygeal agenesis were excluded. All children underwent neurological examination, plain radiographs, MRI . Surgical intervention was undertaken in appropriate cases. Follow up ranged from 6 months to 10 years. Results: Between 1990 and 2012, 52 patients were treated. Maternal diabetes mellitus was proved in two patients. 8 patients had total agenesis and 44 had partial agenesis. Among the 8 with total agenesis there were 3 with lumbosacrococcygeal agenesis, 3 with sacrococcygeal agenesis, 1 each with split notochord syndrome and mermaid malformation. Radiologically, among the total agenesis group Type II was the commonest. Imaging revealed dural sac stenosis in 2, high ending club shaped conus in 4, dural sac stenosis with tethered cord in 1 and thickened filum terminale in 1. Two patients with tethered cord underwent untethering with partial improvement. Among the 44 patients with partial agenesis, 64% had associated anorectal malformations. Associated segmental spinal dysgenesis and Jarcho-Levin syndrome were encountered in one patient each. Radiologically, Type IVc was the commonest type encountered. 39% of the 44 patients had tethering lesions. Conclusions: In this series, the entire spectrum of anomalies of sacral agenesis was encountered. Maternal diabetes was not a common etiological factor in this series. Anorectal malformations are common in this group. Tethering lesions are more common in partial agenesis group than in total agenesis.
Fetal Ventricular Hypertrabeculation/Noncompaction: Clinical Presentation, Genetics, Associated Cardiac and Extracardiac Abnormalities and Outcome; Left ventricular hypertrabeculation/noncompaction (LVHT) is a cardiac abnormality of unknown etiology. Aim of the review was to summarize the current knowledge about fetal LVHT, including clinical presentation, associated cardiac and extracardiac abnormalities and outcome. In 88 cases, LVHT was diagnosed by fetal echocardiography. In 36 %, no additional cardiac abnormalities were reported; in the remaining 64 %, one or more cardiac abnormalities were reported. Eight cases died prenatally, 17 were electively terminated, and 24 patients died after birth. Six patients were lost to follow-up, and 33 patients are alive at a mean age of 26 months. Surviving cases presented less frequently with fetal hydrops (13 vs. 62 %, p = 0.0004), complete heart block (27 vs. 78 %, p = 0.0076), more than three associated cardiac abnormalities (9 vs. 47 %, p = 0.0008) and more frequently with isolated LVHT (52 vs. 19 %, p = 0.009) than cases who died. Of the surviving patients, 16 received pharmacotherapy, three received pacemakers, eight underwent surgical procedures and four underwent heart transplantation. Postnatal regression of left ventricular hypertrophy and development of LVHT was found in four cases, improvement in cardiac function in two, and regression of right VHT in two. At autopsy, endocardial fibrosis was the most frequent abnormality in 92 %. Thirty-eight percentage of cases with fetal LVHT survived. Fetal and postnatal echocardiographic findings challenge the “embryonic pathogenetic” hypothesis of LVHT. Furthermore, fetal pathoanatomic findings like endocardial fibrosis might play a role in clarifying the still unsolved pathogenesis of LVHT.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: High dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study; Objective To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. Design High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. Setting Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. Participants Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with ≥2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1:1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. Main outcom e measures The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (37 weeks), and a birth weight 3rd or 97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. Results Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight 3rd centile or 97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). Conclusions Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: High dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study; Objective: To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy. Design: High dimensional propensity score (HDPS) matched cohort study. Setting: Multiple linked population health administrative databases in the entire province of Ontario, Canada. Participants: Among women who delivered a singleton infant between 2003 and 2012, and who were eligible for provincially funded drug coverage, those with ≥2 consecutive prescriptions for an antipsychotic medication during pregnancy, at least one of which was filled in the first or second trimester, were selected. Of these antipsychotic drug users, 1021 were matched 1:1 with 1021 non-users by means of a HDPS algorithm. Main outcom e measures: The main maternal medical outcomes were gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and venous thromboembolism. The main perinatal outcomes were preterm birth (<37 weeks), and a birth weight <3rd or >97th centile. Conditional Poisson regression analysis was used to generate rate ratios and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting for additionally prescribed non-antipsychotic psychotropic medications. Results: Compared with non-users, women prescribed an antipsychotic medication in pregnancy did not seem to be at higher risk of gestational diabetes (rate ratio 1.10 (95% CI 0.77 to 1.57)), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (1.12 (0.70 to 1.78)), or venous thromboembolism (0.95 (0.40 to 2.27)). The preterm birth rate, though high among antipsychotic users (14.5%) and matched non-users (14.3%), was not relatively different (rate ratio 0.99 (0.78 to 1.26)). Neither birth weight <3rd centile or >97th centile was associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy (rate ratios 1.21 (0.81 to 1.82) and 1.26 (0.69 to 2.29) respectively). Conclusions: Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy had minimal evident impact on important maternal medical and short term perinatal outcomes. However, the rate of adverse outcomes is high enough to warrant careful assessment of maternal and fetal wellbeing among women prescribed an antipsychotic drug in pregnancy.
Assessment of structural cardiac abnormalities and diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: The main manifestation of hyperglycaemia during pregnancy is gestational diabetes mellitus. It can herald diabetes mellitus type 2 and its deleterious long-term effects, such as hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess diastolic function in women with gestational diabetes mellitus, one of the first signs of future cardiovascular disease. Methods: A total of 21 women with gestational diabetes mellitus and 23 healthy pregnant women (control group) between 34 and 37 weeks of gestation underwent echocardiographic assessment. The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus was made in agreement with the American Diabetes Association criteria. Echocardiographic images obtained were analysed according to the criteria of the American Society of Echocardiography. Data were analysed using Pearson correlation coefficient, analysis of variance and Students t-test. Results: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus had higher posterior wall and interventricular septum thickness, increased left ventricular mass and left ventricular mass index, lower early diastolic annular velocity and early diastolic annular velocity/late diastolic annular velocity ratio. There was a positive correlation between left ventricular mass index and fasting glucose and pregnancy body mass index. Conclusion: Patients with gestational diabetes mellitus seem to have a different diastolic profile as well as a mildly dysfunctional pattern on echocardiogram, which may show a need for greater glycaemic control.
Drug repositioning for diabetes based on 'omics' data mining; Drug repositioning has shorter developmental time, lower cost and less safety risk than traditional drug development process. The current study aims to repurpose marketed drugs and clinical candidates for new indications in diabetes treatment by mining clinical 'omics' data. We analyzed data from genome wide association studies (GWAS), proteomics and metabolomics studies and revealed a total of 992 proteins as potential anti-diabetic targets in human. Information on the drugs that target these 992 proteins was retrieved from the Therapeutic Target Database (TTD) and 108 of these proteins are drug targets with drug projects information. Research and preclinical drug targets were excluded and 35 of the 108 proteins were selected as druggable proteins. Among them, five proteins were known targets for treating diabetes. Based on the pathogenesis knowledge gathered from the OMIM and PubMed databases, 12 protein targets of 58 drugs were found to have a new indication for treating diabetes. CMap (connectivity map) was used to compare the gene expression patterns of cells treated by these 58 drugs and that of cells treated by known antidiabetic drugs or diabetes risk causing compounds. As a result, 9 drugs were found to have the potential to treat diabetes. Among the 9 drugs, 4 drugs (diflunisal, nabumetone, niflumic acid and valdecoxib) targeting COX2 (prostaglandin G/H synthase 2) were repurposed for treating type 1 diabetes, and 2 drugs (phenoxybenzamine and idazoxan) targeting ADRA2A (Alpha-2A adrenergic receptor) had a new indication for treating type 2 diabetes. These findings indicated that 'omics' data mining based drug repositioning is a potentially powerful tool to discover novel anti-diabetic indications from marketed drugs and clinical candidates. Furthermore, the results of our study could be related to other disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease.
Obstetrical disease spectrum in China: An epidemiological study of 111,767 cases in 2011; Background: No national research on maternal and fetal complications and outcomes has been carried out in the mainland of China in recent years. This study was to provide a scientific basis for better control of obstetrical and neonatal diseases and better allocation of medical resources by analyzing the epidemiological characteristics of obstetrical diseases in the mainland of China. Methods: Hospitalized obstetrical cases from 19 tertiary and 20 secondary hospitals in 14 provinces (nationally representative) during the period January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011 were randomly selected. The general condition, pregnancy complications, and perinatal outcomes of the patients were studied. Results: The top five medical and surgical complications of pregnant women in the mainland of China were anemia (6.34%), uterine fibroids (2.69%), thyroid disease (1.11%), thrombocytopenia (0.59%), and heart disease (0.59%). The incidences of premature rupture of membranes (PROM), preterm birth, prolonged pregnancy, hypertensive disorders complicating pregnancy (HDCP), multiple pregnancy, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP), placenta previa, placental abruption, postpartum hemorrhage, and amniotic fluid embolism were 15.27%, 7.04%, 6.71%, 5.35%, 1.57%, 1.22%, 1.14%, 0.54%, 3.26% and 0.06%, respectively. The incidences of anemia and prolonged pregnancy were significantly lower in tertiary than secondary hospitals (P < 0.001), whereas the incidence of uterine fibroids, thyroid diseases, thrombocytopenia, heart disease, PROM, preterm birth, HDCP, multiple pregnancy, ICP, placenta previa, and placental abruption were significantly higher in tertiary than secondary hospitals (P < 0.001). The cesarean section (CS) rate was 54.77%. The newborn sex ratio was 119:100, and 1.03% of the neonates were malformed. The percentages of low birth weight and fetal macrosomia in full-term babies were 2.10% and 7.09%, respectively. Conclusions: The incidence of some obstetrical diseases is still high in the mainland of China. The CS rate is much higher than World Health Organization recommendations, in which CS delivery by maternal request (CDMR) accounted for a large proportion. The government should propose solutions to reduce CS rate, especially the rate of CDMR. Most obstetrical complications have higher incidence in tertiary hospitals compared with secondary hospitals. It is important to manage the health of pregnant women systematically, especially those with high-risk factors.
Fetal metabolic reprogramming: Fetal placental gestational diabetes mellitus vascular progenitor cells resemble adult type 2 proliferative diabetic retinopathy; Design: Using the International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group (IADPSG) criteria, placentas and umbilical cord blood was isolated from 12 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM: fasting blood glucose >82 mg/dl, glucose after 1 hr >158 mg/dl and glucose after 2 hours of >120 mg/dl) and 12 healthy pregnant women (fasting blood glucose 60-75 mg/dl, glucose after 1 hour 100-140 mg/dl and glucose after 2 hours 80-100 mg/dl). We strictly excluded women with pre-gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, cardiovascular disease and who had a body mass index (BMI) greater than 35. Purpose: The objective of the study was to examine the effect of short-term hyperglycemia on angiogenic potential of placental vascular progenitor cells of GDM as compared with healthy controls. Methods: We optimized protocols for the isolation, characterization and expansion of fetal placental EPCs and pericytes cultured from the placental disc and umbilical cord blood from GDM and healthy controls. Placental samples were also subjected to histological examination, transmission electron microscopy, gene expression and in vivo transplantation into CB17/Icr-Prkdcscid/ IcrIcoCrl severe combined immune deficient (SCID) mice. Results: Transmission electron microscopy of blood vessels in five sections of each placenta was examined and a total of 250 blood vessels per placenta were examined. GDM placental vasculature demonstrated pericyte ghosts, increased microvessel density and thickening of capillary basement membranes reminiscent of adult Type 2 Proliferative Diabetic Retinopathy that was not seen in healthy placentas (p≤0.001). Endothelial cell irregularity was noted in 76% GDM vs. 10.4% healthy placentas (p≤0.001). Mann Whitney Non-Parametric test was used. Placental fetal GDM -EPCs and pericytes showed functional abnormalities in vitro and in vivo when implanted in subcutaneous matrigel plugs in SCID mice, as compared with healthy control placental EPCs and pericytes. Conclusions: We have detected phenotypic and functional changes of placental fetal vascular progenitor cells from GDM that resembles proliferative diabetic retinal cells. The GDM placenta could be used as a research tool that would enhance our understanding of pathophysiology and molecular signatures of adult type 2 proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
Birth outcomes and risk or protective factors of ventricular Septal defects during pregnancy; Congenital heart defects represent the vast majority of structural birth defects. The prevalence of congenital cardiovascular anomalies varies between 4-50 per 1000 live birth according to different studies and depends on several factors. A Hungarian population-based study involving 2259 children showed that the birth prevalence of congenital heart diseases was 10,2 per 1000 live birth based on the pediatric cardiologic examination and/or the evaluation of autopsy report of each individual child. Congenital cardiovascular anomalies are responsible for 10% of infant mortality, but they are present in 25% of congenital anomalies with lethal outcome. Our aim was to study the different cardiovascular anomalies separately, according to an already accepted classification. For this purpose, we used the large dataset of the population-based Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities. Here we analyzed the maternal age, birth/ pregnancy order, socio-economic status, drinking or smoking habit, maternal diseases and drug consumption at different gestational ages of the fetuses with ventricular septal defects. We further examined the birth outcomes of this anomaly and the possible preventive effect of multivitamin or folic acid intake during pregnancy. We showed that high-fever-related maternal diseases may have a role in the origin of ventricular septal defects, which is preventable with antifever drug therapy, and the high doses of folic acid in early pregnancy reduced the risk of the disease. Ventricular septal defect had mild female excess with a higher rate of preterm birth and mainly low birthweight indicating intrauterine growth restriction of affected fetuses. The mothers of cases had lower socioeconomic status and higher rate of smoking and particularly drinking habit. The evaluation of medically recorded pregnancy complications showed an association of gestational diabetes with a higher risk for the septal defect. In conclusion, the ventricular septal defect and obvious fetal growth restriction needs further explanation in these cases, while gestational diabetes, lower socioeconomic status and adverse lifestyle of pregnant women may have a role in the origin of this malformation. Our results may help to understand which risk factors could contribute to the pathophysiology of ventricular septal defect, which may help in their possible prevention.
Managing CHD: Gender differences; Introduction: The mortality of coronary heart disease (CHD) is almost halved in Western Europe in men, however not so marked in women. Acute coronary syndromes (ACS) occur 3-4 times more often in menthan women below age 60, but after 75 yrs women represent the majority of patients. ACS develop on average 7-10 years later in women compared to men. Due to unfavorable life-style changes over the past decades the number of ACS in women below 60 yrs has doubled and in women below 50 yrs it has even tripled. Coronary microvessel disease without obstructions or structural heart disease predominantly occurs in women. Objectives and aims: In the EU project EUGenMed “A road Map for Gender Medicine in Europe” a European consortium is trying to close the gap of sex and gender knowledge in medicine by summarizing the existing knowledge in the clinical, pre-clinical and educational areas. Methods: CHD is used as a model for sex and gender aspects in medicine. European Guidelines are being analysed. New information focusses on issues that are both evidence-based and also pinpoints open questions that should be covered by investigations in the near future. Results: The conventional risk factors (RFs) have another impact in women and too little attention is on special female RF's like pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and hypertension, polycystic ovarian syndrome, not to brest feed, breast cancer treatment. Up to 40% of women don't have the typical chest pain, CHD-diagnostics of women are not optimal, myocardial infarction (MI) without obstructive CHD is more common, women are undertreated with interventions and cardiac medication. Also, menopausal women with CHD still get confused of the medical advices how to deal with their menopausal hormone treatment. Conclusions: When managing CHD knowledge about the special conditions in women is mandatory.
Premenopausal risk factors for cardiovascular disease in later life; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death among postmenopausal women. Although menopause leads to hormonal and metabolic alterations which are harmful to the cardiovascular system, much of the risk originates back in the reproductive years. Beyond the traditional cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, metabolic syndrome, physical inactivity, unhealthy eating and smoking, conditions associated with the premenopausal reproductive system may serve as markers for cardiovascular disease later in life. Women with a history of pre-eclampsia are at increased risk of fatal cardiovascular disease, cerebrovascular disease or hypertension. A history of gestational diabetes increases the risk of subsequent diabetes by 7 and furthermore confers independent risk for cardiovascular disease. PCOS may be a risk marker of cardiovascular disease independently of obesity and diabetes. Finally, recent evidence indicates that women with premenstrual syndrome may have different regulatory mechanisms concerning arterial stiffness and blood pressure.
Self-reported pregnancy complications and atherosclerosis in women with ischemic heart disease; Objective: To assess the frequency of self-reported pregnancy complications and atherosclerotic burden in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD). Study design: Retrospective, single-centre study conducted during 2010-2014 at University Hospital, Uppsala, Sweden in women (N= 111) hospitalized for IHD. A questionnaire was used to collect data on pregnancy complications including guideline recognized risk factors (i.e. gestational diabetes mellitus [GDM], gestational hypertension [GH]), and other complications (i.e. preterm delivery, low or high birth weight, miscarriage bleedings, subfertility). Atherosclerosis was assessed in the coronary and carotid arteries by angiography and ultrasound, respectively. Peripheral artery disease (PAD) was assessed by the brachial ankle index. Results: Of the 81 women responding to the questionnaire and reporting a previous pregnancy, 65% suffered some type of pregnancy complication. Miscarriage was the most frequent complication (25%) followed by GH (22.5%) and preterm delivery (18.8%). Women with pregnancy complications were slightly younger than those without complications (67.5 years vs. 70.8 years, p = 0.189) and more had a diagnosis of diabetes (21.2% vs. 0%, p = 0.007); no other comorbidities differed. For PAD there was a trend towards a significant difference with a higher frequency in women with pregnancy complications than those without (p = 0.08) whereas no difference was observed for coronary or carotid artery disease. Conclusions: We found pregnancy complications to be highly prevalent and atherosclerosis to occur in several vascular beds in women with IHD. Routine inclusion of pregnancy complications in CVD risk evaluation and a broader approach to evaluate the extent of atherosclerosis in women with IHD is called for. More research is needed regarding the importance of other pregnancy complications not yet considered risk factors in present prevention guidelines.
Selective episiotomy compared with implementation of a nonepisiotomy protocol a randomized clinical trial; INTRODUCTION: An episiotomy rate of approximately 10% is recommended by the World Health Organization. However, there is no clinical evidence corroborating any indication of episiotomy, so it is not yet known whether it is in fact necessary in any context in modern obstetric practice. OBJECTIVE: To compare maternal and perinatal outcomes in women undergoing a protocol of not conducting episiotomy compared with selective episiotomy. METHODS: A randomized open clinical trial was conducted at Instituto de Medicina Integral Prof. Fernando Figueira, Brazil. Women in labor with term pregnancy with a live fetus in vertex cephalic presentation and maximum cervical dilation between 6 and 8 cm were included. Women with bleeding disorders of pregnancy and cesarean delivery indication were excluded. RESULTS: A total of 115 women were allocated for a protocol of not conducting episiotomy and 122 to a group in which episiotomy could be performed selectively. There was no difference between the two groups regarding maternal or perinatal outcomes. Episiotomy rate was similar (two cases in each group, 1.7% of total) as well as the duration of the second stage, frequency of perineal lacerations, and blood loss at delivery. CONCLUSION: A protocol of not conducting an episiotomy seems to be safe for mother and neonate and points to the need of investigating if there is in fact any indication of this procedure in current obstetrics practice. Further research should evaluate the need of episiotomies in the situations commonly described as indications, like a nonreassuring fetal heart rate, instrumental deliveries, macrosomia, shoulder dystocia, and prolonged second stage of labor.
Risk of adverse perinatal outcomes in African American women with one elevated 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test value; INTRODUCTION: The importance of screening for gestational diabetes has been well studied; however, the significance of one abnormal value in a 3-hour glucose tolerance test remains controversial. The objective was to examine whether African American women with one abnormal glucose tolerance test value are at increased risk for adverse perinatal outcomes compared with women who screened negative. METHODS: A retrospective chart review was performed assessing singleton pregnancies in African American women between January and August 2014 at State University of New York Downstate Medical Center. Perinatal outcomes measured included: cord pH, Apgar scores, birth weights, and delivery mode. Exclusion criteria included multiple gestation, pregestational diabetes mellitus, maternal comorbidities including hypertension, autoimmune disease, cancer, morbid obesity, hypercholesterolemia, hypertriglyceridemia, heart disease, lung disease, and renal failure diagnosed before pregnancy. Fisher's exact test was used with a P value of ,.05 indicating statistical significance. RESULTS: Of 386 patients, 56 had one elevated glucose tolerance test value and 330 were in the comparison group. Women with one elevated glucose tolerance test value had a higher rates of cesarean delivery (P,.01), birth weight greater than 4,000 g (P,.001), and greater than 4,500 g (P,.05). There were no significant differences in 5-minute Apgar scores (P,.30) or cord pH (P,.22). CONCLUSION: In the African American population served by this institution, it appears that although women with one positive glucose tolerance test value do not meet strict criteria for a diagnosis of gestational diabetes, they are still at risk for higher rates of operative delivery and fetal birth weights.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and venlafaxine in early pregnancy and risk of birth defects: Population based cohort study and sibling design; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether use of specific selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or venlafaxine in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of birth defects, with emphasis on cardiovascular birth defects even when accounting for lifestyle or other familial confounding. DESIGN: Multicountry population based cohort study, including sibling controlled design. SETTING: Nordic population (Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden) identified from nationwide health registers at different periods in 1996-2010. POPULATION: The full study cohort included women giving birth to 2.3 million live singletons. The sibling cohort included 2288 singleton live births. The sibling controlled analyses included sibling pairs who were discordant for exposure to SSRIs or venlafaxine and birth defects. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE: Prevalence of birth defects, including subtypes of cardiac defects. Odds ratio of birth defects from logistic and conditional logistic regression. RESULTS: Among 36 772 infants exposed to any SSRI in early pregnancy, 3.7% (n=1357) had a birth defect compared with 3.1% of 2 266 875 unexposed infants, yielding a covariate adjusted odds ratio of 1.13 (95% confidence interval 1.06 to 1.20). In the sibling controlled analysis the adjusted odds ratio decreased to 1.06 (0.91 to 1.24). The odds ratios for any cardiac birth defect with use of any SSRI or venlafaxine were 1.15 (95% confidence interval 1.05 to 1.26) in the covariate adjusted analysis and 0.92 (0.72 to 1.17) in the sibling controlled analysis. For atrial and ventricular septal defects the covariate adjusted odds ratio was 1.17 (1.05 to 1.31). Exposure to any SSRI or venlafaxine increased the prevalence of right ventricular outflow tract obstruction defects, with a covariate adjusted odds ratio of 1.48 (1.15 to 1.89). In the sibling controlled analysis the adjusted odds ratio decreased to 0.56 (0.21 to 1.49) for any exposure to SSRIs or venlafaxine and right ventricular outflow tract obstruction defects. CONCLUSIONS: In this large Nordic study no substantial increase was found in prevalence of overall cardiac birth defects among infants exposed to SSRIs or venlafaxine in utero. Although the prevalence of septal defects and right ventricular outflow tract defects was higher in exposed infants, the lack of an association in the sibling controlled analyses points against a teratogenic effect of these drugs.
Early pregnancy screening for identification of undiagnosed pre-existing diabetes to improve maternal and infant health; This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: To evaluate and compare different testing strategies for identification of pre-existing diabetes prior to 24 weeks' gestation to improve maternal and infant health.
Clinical characteristics of PFO stroke in pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: We prospectively study the clinical characteristics of stroke in pregnant patients with and without PFO. BACKGROUND: Stroke can be a devastating complication of pregnancy. Patent foramen ovale (PFO), an incomplete closure of antenatal interatrial communication, may cause maternal stroke by allowing venous clots to travel directly to the brain. PFO is common in the general population (approximately 25[percnt]) and poses unique challenges during pregnancy. Clinically PFO is thought to increase the risk of stroke during pregnancy due to increased venous hypercoagulability in the peripartum period. However, data on PFO related stroke during pregnancy is lacking. DESIGN/METHODS: Following IRB-approved protocol, we prospectively collected and compared clinical characteristics of pregnant stroke patients with and without PFO over a 25 year period at our medical center. RESULTS: Of 8134 PFO related stroke patients at our center, 24 patients (average age 29.87) had PFO related stroke during pregnancy. Compared to 46 age-matched pregnant stroke patients (average age 32.91) without PFO, PFO stroke patients had higher NIHSS scores at presentation (6.1 vs 3.8; P<0.05). While the two groups were similar in conventional risks such as hyperlipidemia, gestational diabetes, smoking, EtOH/drug use, PFO patients had a trend toward lower incidence of hypertension (p=0.054), but statistically significantly higher incidence of hypercoagulable state (p=0.0004), migraine with aura (p=0.006), and May-Thurners Syndrome (p=0.001). CONCLUSIONS: PFO may pose unique risks compared to non-PFO related stroke in pregnancy. Novel risk factors such as May-Thurner's anatomy, which promote venous clotting with the increase in abdominal girth are important during pregnancy. For high risk individuals (such as those with known hypercoagulable state), screening for PFO may be of clinical utility in preventing strokes. Further studies are ongoing to validate these preliminary findings.
Comparison of maternal morbidity and medical costs during pregnancy and delivery between patients with gestational diabetes and patients with pre-existing diabetes; Aims: To evaluate the effects of gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes on maternal morbidity and medical costs, using data from the Korea National Health Insurance Claims Database of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service. Methods: Delivery cases in 2010, 2011 and 2012 (459 842, 442 225 and 380 431 deliveries) were extracted from the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service database. The complications and medical costs were compared among the following three pregnancy groups: normal, gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes. Results: Although, the rates of pre-existing diabetes did not fluctuate (2.5, 2.4 and 2.7%) throughout the study, the rate of gestational diabetes steadily increased (4.6, 6.2 and 8.0%). Furthermore, the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased in conjunction with maternal age, pre-existing hypertension and cases of multiple pregnancy. The risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension, urinary tract infections, premature delivery, liver disease and chronic renal disease were greater in the gestational diabetes and pre-existing diabetes groups than in the normal group. The risk of venous thromboembolism, antepartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia and placenta disorder were greater in the pre-existing diabetes group, but not the gestational diabetes group, compared with the normal group. The medical costs associated with delivery, the costs during pregnancy and the number of in-hospital days for the subjects in the pre-existing diabetes group were the highest among the three groups. Conclusions: The study showed that the rates of pre-existing diabetes and gestational diabetes increased with maternal age at pregnancy and were associated with increases in medical costs and pregnancy-related complications.
Vascular Complications in the Diabetic Pregnancy; Long-standing hyperglycemia frequently leads to vasculopathy. Microvascular disease is characterized by retinopathy and nephropathy, while macrovascular involvement can affect coronary arteries. Diabetic autonomic neuropathy, when present, is generally associated with retinal and/or renal involvement. Early identification of these diabetic complications allows appropriate counseling and early treatment. Among women with diabetic vasculopathy, nephropathy, chronic hypertension, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, and fetal growth restriction are frequently observed. Furthermore, women with impaired renal function in early pregnancy have increased risk of long-term deterioration of glomerular filtration rate. Proliferative retinopathy can progress during pregnancy and 1 year after delivery, but long-term effects are not likely to occur. When coronary artery disease or gastroparesis diabeticorum are present, excessive maternal and fetal morbidity is observed. When modern management is synchronized with early medical care, favorable maternal and perinatal outcomes can be expected.
Generalized overgrowth syndromes with prenatal onset; Children with generalized overgrowth syndromes are large at birth, or have excessive postnatal growth. Many of these syndromes are associated with an increase in neoplasia. Consideration of the possibility of overgrowth syndrome in a pediatric patient who presents with increased growth parameters, variable malformations and neurodevelopmental phenotype, and distinctive features, is important for medical management, reproductive counseling, and tumor surveillance for some of the disorders. This review describes the clinical features and surveillance recommendations for the common generalized overgrowth syndromes the pediatrician may encounter. It also provides a glimpse into advances of recent years in understanding the molecular mechanisms responsible for the disrupted growth regulation in these disorders.
The relationship between umbilical artery ph and maternal risk factors in premature birth; BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: In many deliveries, determination of umbilical artery PH is considered a suitable tool for predicting the risk of damage to the fetus and determining the likelihood of associated complications. This study was performed in order to investigate the relationship between maternal risk factors and umbilical artery PH in premature infants. METHODS: In this case-control study, 600 premature neonates (gestational age of 27-37 weeks), were examined in terms of umbilical artery pH within the first 5 minutes after birth. In total, 181 newborns suffering from acidosis with pH>1.7 (case group) and 419 neonates without acidosis (control group) were compared in terms of maternal history of placental detachment, maternal diabetes, prolonged rupture of membranes, oligohydramnios, chorioamnionitis, multiple birth pregnancy, placental previa, intrauterine growth retardation, and late deceleration of fetal heart rate. FINDINGS: Fetal acidosis was reported in 7.2% of cases with intrauterine growth restriction (N=30) (OR=3.1), 8.3% of neonates with placental detachment (N=15) (OR=2.25), 7.2% of cases with chorioamnionitis (N=13) (OR=4.54) 14.9% of multiple births (N=27) (OR=1.79), 5.5% of cases with maternal anemia (N=10) (OR= 2.64), and 28.6% of newborns with late deceleration of fetal heart rate (N=44) (OR= 57%) (p=0.001, 0.002, 0.03, 0.03, 0.04, and 0.03, respectively). However, fetal acidosis was not significantly associated with prolonged rupture of membranes, placental previa, oligohydramnios, preeclampsia, maternal diabetes, or diseases of the lung, liver, and kidney. CONCLUSION: Intrauterine growth retardation, chorioamnionitis, placental detachment, multiple birth pregnancy, maternal anemia, and late deceleration of fetal heart rate increased the risk of fetal acidosis in premature births.
Pregnancies in women previously treated with methotrexate for an ectopic pregnancy; Introduction: Ectopic pregnancies have been treated with methotrexate (MTX) since the 1980s. As MTX toxicity persists for a long time, a new pregnancy is not recommended before 3 to 6 months. However, questions remain on the safety of further pregnancies. The study aim was to study the occurrence and the outcome of a future pregnancy in women previously treated with MTX for an ectopic pregnancy. Material and methods: All women who had previously treated with MTX for an ectopic pregnancy from 01/01/2010 to 07/21/2014 in the gynaecology department of a French University Hospital were followed. We recorded the time between the MTX injection and the beginning of their new pregnancy and the events occurring during the pregnancy and events occurring in the child at birth and later. Results: Eighty-nine of the women previously treated with MTX became pregnant (time after MTX injection: 12.4 ± 11.6 months [1-35]). One third (27) of these women suffered from at least one adverse event during their pregnancy: 1) maternal disease (diabetes, hypertension, pre-eclampsia, cholestasis/hepatic cytolysis, stroke), 2) foetal disorder (macrosomia, abnormal heartbeats, oligohydramnios, hydramnios, intrauterine growth retardation, placenta praevia, premature delivery). At delivery, 19 (21.3%) women had at least one abnormal event: abnormal heartbeats, respiratory distress, meconial amniotic fluid, start-up dystocia, foetal hyperthermia, premature delivery, and seeming death. Birth occurred after 38.6 ± 2.3 amenorrhea weeks. Mean baby's weight was 3.0 ± 0.7 kg. Two adverse events after delivery were identified: one hypotrophia and one duodenal adhesion at 3 months. In a 32-year-old woman who got pregnant 3 months after a single injection of MTX, 1 genetic foetal abnormality, a tetrasomy 9p, was observed. An abortion was decided at 19 amenorrhea weeks as this multiple foetal malformation had an extremely poor prognosis. Discussion / Conclusion: The delay between the last MTX injection and the new pregnancy is generally long but variable. The events during pregnancy and on delivery were not different from those in normal pregnancies. Nevertheless, we observed an important foetal abnormality which occurred less than 6 months after the last MTX injection for ectopic pregnancy. MTX imputability is hard to establish but the drug remains a first line suspect. Further studies are necessary faced with a genetic anomaly that encourages caution.
A rare case of primary lymphedema in pregnancy with subacute venous thrombosis; Introduction: Primary lymphedema occurs in 1/6000 live births. This is secondary to lymphatic agenesis, hypoplasia, or obstruction. Pregnancy has a relative risk of 4.3 % for venous thromboembolism (VTE) and is characterized by increased thrombin-generating potential, decreased endogenous anticoagulant effects and impaired fibrinolysis. Case presentation: A 26 year old primigravid, a diagnosed case of primary lymphedema, presented with bilateral leg swelling on her 22 weeks AOG. AV Dupplex scan of the lower extremity showed subacute venous thrombosis. Antenatally, she was diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) controlled by medical nutrition therapy. At 30 weeks AOG, she was admitted for IV tocolysis with magnesium sulfate. Anticoagulation with heparin and unfractionated heparin was maintained until 37 weeks AOG. Antenatal corticosteroids were administered with weekly surveillance of Biophysical Profile, Non Stress Test (BPS w/ NST), and glucose monitoring. At 38 weeks AOG, patient delivered vaginally. Contraceptive with Medroxy Progesterone Acetate IM was initiated at 6 weeks postpartum. Conclusion: Rigorous antenatal and postnatal surveillance is key in the management of pregnancy complicated by primary lymphedema and venous thrombosis.
Change in cardiometabolic risk factors with postpartum changes in weight and waist circumference in women with recent gestational diabetes; BACKGROUND: Women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have increased risk for the development of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD), as well as high risk for repeat GDM. Although studies in older women suggest that weight loss may improve cardiometabolic risk factors, little is known about how weight changes modify these risk factors in the postpartum period. Some cohort studies suggest that women with GDM, despite their increased risk, do not lose weight and may even gain weight in the postpartum period. Given that cardiovascular disease and diabetes are the second and eighth leading causes of death, respectively, among women 45-54, the first decade following the childbearing decades, earlier weight changes may be important. METHODS: In the Balance after Baby (BAB) trial of 75 women with recent GDM, women randomly allocated to a web-based year-long lifestyle intervention program lost significantly more weight than the control group. There was no significant impact of the intervention to decrease cardiometabolic risk factors. However, there was a large range of weight change in both groups (-16 kg to +10 kg). For this analysis, we sought to determine if weight changes in the postpartum year were associated with changes in risk factors for T2DM and CVD, regardless of group assignment. In the BAB trial, we measured weight, height, waist circumference, blood pressure, fasting lipids, hsCRP, IL- 6, fasting insulin, adiponectin, and conducted 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance tests at 6 weeks, 6 months, and 12 months postpartum. For this analysis, we include 59 women providing fasting blood samples at both 6 weeks and 12months postpartum. We used JMP 11 Pro to conduct Spearman's correlations to determine the relationship between weight change and change in markers of cardiometabolic risk. RESULTS: Among 59 participants, the mean age was 33±5 years; 6 week postpartum BMI was 31±6 kg/m2; and 58 % were White, 31 % African-American, 12 % Asian; with 20 % Hispanic. Median weight change from 6 weeks to 12 months postpartum was +0.4 kg (IQR -4.8 kg, +2.7 kg) and median change in waist circumference was -1.4 cm (IQR -7 cm, +2 cm). Changes in weight from 6 weeks to 12 months postpartum significantly correlated with changes in several T2DM risk factors: HbA1c (Spearman's r=0.45, p<.001), fasting glucose (r=0.41, p<.005), fasting insulin (r=0.49, p<.001), homeostasis model assessment of insulin sensitivity (HOMA) (r=0.5, p<.001), and adiponectin (r=-0.38, p<.005). Among CVD risk factors, weight changes were significantly correlated with changes in fasting triglycerides (Spearman's r=0.28, p<.05), but not with other CVD risk factors including blood pressure, LDL, or HDL, nor with the inflammatory markers hsCRP and IL-6. Changes in waist circumference significantly correlated with changes in HbA1c (r=0.36, p<.01), fasting insulin (r=0.38, p<.005), HOMA (r=0.38, p<.005), HDL (r=-0.31, p<.05), and hsCRP (r=0.28, p<.05). CONCLUSIONS: Weight changes and changes in waist circumference in the postpartum period were significantly correlated with changes in certain cardiometabolic risk factors among women with recent GDM. Given the high risk for T2DM, CVD, and repeat GDM in this population, weight gain or loss, even in the first year postpartum, may have substantial impact on the development of future disease. Longer studies are needed to determine how postpartum weight changes affect the rate of development of T2DM, CVD, and repeat GDM.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy: Diagnostic dilemmas of an unusual complication in the puerperium; Case report The patient was a 34-year-old G2P1 with 36 weeks of gestation admitted for chronic pain on the back. She is a known patient of Brown Sequard syndrome from MVA from which she was suffering from hemiparesis on the left side of her body. This pregnancy was complicated with gestational diabetes, deep vein thrombosis, depression and anxiety. She was on metformin 1 g, clexane 180 mg, venlafaxine 300 mg and fentanyl patch for pain relief. She had elective repeat caesarean section at 38 week and had atonic postpartum haemorrhage of 1800 mL and had 3 pack cell transfusion. On postoperative day 1 she was pale. Her haemoglobin went down to 85 mg/L from 132 mg/L preoperatively and she had constant pain which was managed with, ketamine intermittent infusion, oxycodone PCA, fentanyl patch. As she was on epidural infusion she was monitored continuosly and her arterial oxygen saturation was maintained at 96% with 2 L of oxygen. On consecutive days her oxygen saturation went down to 87% with 3 L of oxygen. She was asymptomatic apart from the pain. She was tachycardic with heart rate of 106/mt with blood pressure 110/65. She was mobilising, not breathless but had pain on inspiration. On day 4, considering her clinical signs of tachycardia and haemoglobin another pack cell transfusion started. After 1 hour, she developed shortness of breath, chest pain on and off. Hence blood transfusion stopped. Medical emergency team called and they suggested the breathlessness could be due to fluid overload. Clinically, her chest she had bilateral crepitations with muffled heart sounds and third heart sound. Her jugular venous pressure was raised. Her arterial oxygen saturation dropped to <90% and her oxygen concentration was increased to 6 L. The clinical diagnosis of heart failure due to pulmonary embolism was made. The patient was already on therapeutic clexane. The patient was shifted to intensive care and further investigations done. Her chest X-ray showed left sided atelectasis, dilated cardiomyopathy, fluid overload, lt lower lobar collapse and her ECG findings include sinus tachycardia, nonspecific ST and T wave abnormalities. The ventilation perfusion scan performed showed no evidence of embolus. And her cardiac enzymes and troponin were normal. The arterial blood gases showed oxygen saturation of 70% with 6 L of oxygen on flow. Urea, electrolytes, creatinine were normal. Ultrasound both lower limbs were normal. Patient was treated with frusemide, clexane and pain relief. The cardiologist was involved who confirmed peripartum cardiomyopathy, with bed side echo showing ejection fraction of 43%, moderately dilated left ventricle and moderate systolic dysfunction and mitral and tricuspid regurgitation. They started beta blocker, for heart failure and patient was given aggressive diuresis and clexane. After 4 days of intensive treatment for heart failure her arterial oxygen saturation raised to 98% without oxygen, and she improved symptomatically .She had daily bed side ultrasound chest to see the improvement in heart size, and collapse. Patient discharged from CCU on day 8. Patient discharged from maternity on day 12 with beta blockers and pain relief. The follow-up of patient with maternity team and cardiologist team made after 2 weeks. The differential diagnosis before echo were anemia, pulmonary embolism, fluid overload. The picture of peripartum cardiomyopathy was not in our differentials. She also presented in a different way which is unusual for cardiomyopathy except for falling oxygen saturation. Since her main complaint was pain on the legs and back from brown sequard, deep venous thrombosis with pulmonary embolus was thought of as a differentials. The prompt management of heart failure with oxygen, diuretics and beta blockers prevented her from developing progressive heart failure, arrhythmias, and thromboembolism. Discussion Peripartum cardiomyopathy is defined as a condition meeting four criteria: development of heart failure (HF) in the last month of pregnancy or within 5 months of delivery; absence of another identifiable cause for the HF; absence of recognisable heart disease prior to the last month of pregnancy; LV systolic dysfunction (e.g. left ventricular ejection fraction [LVEF] below 45% or a reduced fractional shortening). The reported incidence of ppcm varies. Much of the reported discrepancy is due to wide geographical variation, with reported incidences of 1:2289 to 1:4000 despite many attempts to uncover a distinct aetiology of ppcm, the cause still remains unknown and may be multifactorial. Some of the proposed mechanisms are abnormal immune response, inflammatory cytokines, myocarditis. And lately prolactin is identified to be the cause of ppcm and bromocriptine given postpartum is used to improve the ejection fraction. Conclusion Prognosis is related to recovery of ventricular function. The normal ventricular function returns within 6 months in some patients. Those with persistent dysfunction the mortality rate climbs up to 50%. The availability of cardiac transplantation has improved the outlook for those with persistent dysfunction.
Arterial stiffness for the prediction of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia; Gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia are important complications of pregnancy and are leading causes of both fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality as well as long-term health problems. Early prediction for these conditions remains difficult. Evaluation of arterial stiffness, shown to be an independent predictor of cardiovascular disease, represents a promising tool for the detection of vascular dysfunction underlying these obstetric conditions. The purpose of this study was to evaluate arterial stiffness as a predictive tool for the composite outcome of gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, and pre-eclampsia. In this prospective longitudinal study of women with singleton highrisk pregnancies, arterial hemodynamics and stiffness were evaluated at each trimester, within 24 hours of delivery, and at 6 weeks postpartum using applanation tonometry (SphygmoCor, AtCor Medical Ltd, Australia). Of the 48 participants recruited (mean maternal age: 37.4±4.3, body mass index [BMI]: 26.0±6.9), 3 developed gestational diabetes, 3 developed gestational hypertension, and 3 developed pre-eclampsia. Between 10-14 weeks' gestation, women that went on to develop a composite outcome had significantly higher carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (6.9 [95% CI: 6.7-7.0) vs. 6.4 [6.3-6.6], p<0.001) and lower carotid-radial pulse wave velocity (7.5 [7.5-7.6] vs. 8.2 [8.1-8.2], p<0.01). The augmentation index corrected for a heart rate of 75 beats per minute, a measure of pulse wave reflection, was also lower in women who developed a composite outcome (9.3 [8.5-10.0] vs. 14.1 [13.4-14.8], p<0.001). Subendocardial viability ratio, however, did not differ between the two groups in the first trimester (135.0 [132.9-137.2] vs. 136.5 [134.8-138.3]). Analyses were adjusted for maternal age and BMI. Within a high-risk population, in the first trimester, significant differences were observed in both central and peripheral arterial stiffness as well as wave reflection in women that went on to develop either gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, or pre-eclampsia as compared to women who did not. Future work in this ongoing study will focus on continuing recruitment as well as compare the predictive value of arterial stiffness to that of uterine artery Doppler and angiogenic biomarkers.
The crying sign: The winking umbilical cord; A preterm baby girl, born at 34 weeks gestation, with features of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome was noted to have a relatively large umbilical stump. No fetal abnormalities had been detected on anatomy scan at 28 weeks and only mild polyhydramnios and macrosomia were noted on a 32-week ultrasound scan. Although there was no obvious omphalocoele, clinical assessment of the umbilical cord revealed an abdominal wall defect through which bowel would protrude into the umbilicus when the infant was crying. In keeping with an abdominal wall defect α-fetoprotein was found to be elevated. Surgical consultation advised conservative management. Subsequently, detachment of the umbilical cord occurred 1 week postdischarge and a large umbilical hernia persists. Genetic analysis confirmed a diagnosis of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome.
Neonatal thyrotoxicosis caused by maternal autoimmune hyperthyroidism; Neonatal immune hyperthyroidism is a rare but potentially fatal condition. It occurs in 1-5% of infants born to women with Graves' disease (GD). In most of the cases it is due to maternal antibodies transferred from the mother into the fetal compartment, stimulating the fetal thyroid by binding thyrotropin (thyroid-stimulating hormone, TSH) receptor. We present a case of neonatal thyrotoxicosis due to maternal GD detected at 25 days of age and discuss the potential pitfalls in the diagnosis.
Asymmetric dimethylarginine is associated with high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is increased in subjects with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The aim of this study was to investigate the relationship between serum ADMA levels and early carotid atherosclerosis in women with history of GDM. A total of 42 normoglycemic women with previous GDM and 42 age-matched healthy controls were enrolled. Serum levels of ADMA, lipids, insulin, fasting and 2-h glucose following 75-g oral glucose tolerance test, and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured. Carotid atherosclerosis was evaluated by ultrasonographically determined intima-media thickness (IMT). Serum ADMA and hsCRP were higher in women with previous GDM compared to the healthy controls (0.72 ± 0.16 vs. 0.41 ± 0.15 μmol/L, p < 0.001; 1.81 ± 0.32 vs. 1.05 ± 0.26 mg/L, p < 0.001; respectively). Carotid IMT was also increased in the previous GDM group (0.77 ± 0.14 vs. 0.52 ± 0.13 mm, p < 0.001). In women with previous GDM, ADMA was positively correlated with hsCRP (r = 41, p < 0.001) and carotid IMT (r = 0.38, p < 0.001). Multiple linear regression analysis revealed that ADMA was a significant predictor for elevated carotid IMT in subjects with previous GDM after adjusting for traditional risk factors (β = 0.26, p = 0.017). Our data demonstrated that serum ADMA was associated with hsCRP and carotid IMT in normoglycemic women with previous GDM.
Stillbirth in the Pregnancy Complicated by Diabetes; Pregestational diabetes currently complicates 4 % of pregnancies, while gestational diabetes complicates approximately 8 % of pregnancies. Increased risk of stillbirth in diabetic pregnancies has been a well-known and recognized complication for decades. While stillbirth rates for diabetic pregnancies have decreased due to screening, treatment, and antenatal surveillance of these patients, about 4 % of all stillbirths remain attributable to diabetes, and diabetic pregnancies continue to be at increased risk for perinatal mortality. The purpose of this article is to review the literature on the epidemiology, pathophysiology, and prevention, as well as future research, of diabetes-associated perinatal mortality.
Metformin in women with PCOS, CONS; Metformin has a potential role for insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome(PCOS) and has demonstrated efficacy in diabetes. There are a large number of studies and evidence syntheses comparing metformin with control, lifestyle interventions, the oral contraceptive pill, and clomiphene citrate; however, there is still uncertainty about the effectiveness of metformin in women with PCOS. Here we present a systematic overview of the evidence for the use of metformin in women with PCOS. The evidence suggests that metformin continues to have an unclear roll in PCOS until further well designed; methodologically rigorous effectiveness studies with large sample sizes are conducted, and these should include women across the body mass index (BMI) range.
Pregnancy outcome after induction of labor in women with previous cesarean section; Objective: As conflicting data exist concerning the safety of induction of labor (IoL) in women with previous single lower segment cesarean section (CS), we aimed to assess pregnancy outcome following IoL in such patient population. Methods: All singleton pregnancies with previous single CS which underwent IoL during 2008-2012 were included (study group). Their pregnancy outcome was compared to those pregnancies with previous single CS that admitted with spontaneous onset of labor (control group). Results: Overall, 1898 pregnancies were eligible, of them, 259 underwent IoL, and 1639 were admitted with spontaneous onset of labor. Parity, gestational age at delivery and birthweight were similar. Women in the study group were more likely to undergo CS mainly due to labor dystocia (8.1 versus 3.7%, p<0.01). The rate of CS due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate was similar. No difference was found in the rate of uterine rupture/dehiscence. Short-term neonatal outcome was similar between the groups. On multivariable logistic regression analysis, IoL was not independently associated with uterine rupture (OR 1.33, 95% C.I 0.46-3.84, p=0.59). Conclusion: Our data suggest that IoL in women with one previous low segment CS neither increases the risk of uterine rupture nor adversely affects immediate neonatal outcome.
Morphological and functional aspects of acute kidney injury after fetal programing in the offspring of diabetic rats; Objective: To evaluate the effects of folic acid (FA)-induced renal failure in young offspring of diabetic mothers. Methods: The offspring of streptozotocin-induced diabetic dams were divided into four groups: CC (controls receiving vehicle); DC (diabetics receiving vehicle); CA (controls receiving FA solution, 250mg/kg) and DA (diabetics receiving FA solution, 250mg/kg). Renal function tests and morphometry results were analyzed. Results: An increase in creatinine and urea levels was observed in CA and DA groups at two and five months. FA administration caused a significant reduction in the number of glomeruli in the offspring of diabetic dams. The diabetes group treated with FA had fewer glomeruli compared to controls at two and five months. FA caused an increase in the area of the urinary space both in controls and offspring of diabetic dams at two and five months. The number of glomeruli and area of the urinary space at two months were negatively correlated. Conclusions: Fetal programing promotes remarkable changes in kidney morphology and function in offspring. We suggest that the morphological changes in the kidneys are more pronounced when fetal programing is associated with newly acquired diseases, e.g. renal failure induced by FA.
Polycystic ovary syndrome and insulin: Our understanding in the past, present and future; Insulin resistance is prevalent in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and plays a critical pathophysiologic role in both the metabolic and reproductive complications of PCOS. This review focuses on the contribution of insulin resistance to anovulation in PCOS and to the high risk for Type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and early cardiovasular disease. Key points for clinicians emphasized by this review are the following: PCOS is a clinical diagnosis and alternative diagnoses must be excluded; PCOS carries an inherent risk of insulin resistance and, hence, metabolic consequences for which women with PCOS should be screened regardless of BMI or degree of obesity; and PCOS is associated with infertility and this should be discussed early on in care of women diagnosed with PCOS, recognizing that there are several possible strategies to address infertility in women with PCOS, each with its own risks and benefits.
Effect of maternal diabetes on the embryo, fetus, and children: Congenital anomalies, genetic and epigenetic changes and developmental outcomes; Introduction: Pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (PGDM; GDM) are significant health concerns because they are associated with an increased rate of malformations and maternal health complications. Methods: We reviewed the data that help us to understand the effects of diabetes in pregnancy. Results: Diabetic embryopathy can affect any developing organ system, but cardiovascular and neural tube defects are among the most frequent anomalies. Other complications include preeclampsia, preterm delivery, fetal growth abnormalities, and perinatal mortality. Neurodevelopmental studies on offspring of mothers with diabetes demonstrated increased rate of Gross and Fine motor abnormalities, of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, learning difficulties, and possibly also Autism Spectrum Disorder. The mechanisms underlying the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on the developing fetus may involve increased oxidative stress, hypoxia, apoptosis, and epigenetic changes. Evidence for epigenetic changes are the following: not all progeny are affected and not to the same extent; maternal diet may influence pregnancy outcomes; and maternal diabetes alters embryonic transcriptional profiles and increases the variation between transcriptomic profiles as a result of altered gene regulation. Research in animal models has revealed that maternal hyperglycemia is a teratogen, and has helped uncover potential therapeutic targets which, when blocked, can mitigate or ameliorate the negative effects of diabetes on the developing fetus. Conclusions: Tight metabolic control, surveillance, and labor management remain the cornerstone of care for pregnant women with diabetes, but advances in the field indicate that new treatments to protect the mother and baby are not far from becoming clinical realities.
Acute kidney injury and progression of renal failure after fetal programming in the offspring of diabetic rats; Background:Diseases of adulthood, such as diabetes and hypertension, may be related to changes during pregnancy, particularly in kidney. We hypothesized that acute kidney injury progresses more rapidly in cases of fetal programming.Methods:Diabetic dams' offspring were divided into: CC (controls, receiving vehicle); DC (diabetics, receiving vehicle); CA (controls receiving folic Acid solution, 250 mg/kg); and DA (diabetics receiving folic acid solution). Renal function tests, morphometry, gene, and protein expression of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers were analyzed by qPCR and immunohistochemistry, respectively.Results:Creatinine, urea, Bowman's space, and EMT markers were increased in CA and DA groups. TGF-β3, actin, and fibronectin expression was higher in CA and DA, with significant increase in DA compared to CA 2-mo offspring. There was higher expression level of TGF-β1, TGF-β3, fibronectin, and vimentin in the offspring of diabetic dams at 5 mo. Increases in TGF-β1 and TGF-β3 were more evident in the offspring of diabetic dams.Conclusion:Fetal programming promotes remarkable changes in kidney morphology, and function in offspring and renal failure progression may be faster in younger offspring of diabetic dams subjected to an additional injury.
Malignant extrarenal rhabdoid tumor: A case report; The fetal extrarenal rhabdoid tumor is a highly aggressive and rare neoplasm that mostly occurs in the first year of life. In this case, a remarkably enlarged right upper arm was diagnosed in a male fetus at 31+2 weeks of gestation. Because of a fast progressive tumor volume and signs of fetal distress, a cesarean section was performed at 34 weeks of gestation. The preterm baby showed a blue livid tumor reaching from the right elbow up to the shoulder that resulted in an extrarenal rhabdoid tumor on histopathologic analysis. A therapeutic trial with cyclophosphamide was not effective and the child died at the age of 26 days because of multi-organ failure.
Clinical characteristics of PFO stroke in pregnancy; Purpose of Study: Stroke can be a devastating complication of pregnancy. Patent foramen ovale (PFO), an incomplete closure of antenatal interatrial communication, may cause maternal stroke by allowing venous clots to travel directly to the brain. PFO is common in the general population (approximately 25%) and poses unique challenges during pregnancy. Clinically PFO is thought to increase the risk of stroke during pregnancy due to increased venous hypercoagulability in the peripartum period. However, data on PFO related stroke during pregnancy is lacking. The aim of this research is to prospectively study the clinical characteristics of stroke in pregnant patients with and without PFO. Methods Used: Following IRB-approved protocol, we prospectively collected and compared clinical characteristics of pregnant stroke patients with and without PFO over a 25 year period at our medical center. Summary of Results: Of 8134 PFO related stroke patients at our center, 24 patients (average age 29.87) had PFO related stroke during pregnancy. Compared to 46 age-matched pregnant stroke patients (average age 32.91) without PFO, PFO stroke patients had higher NIHSS scores at presentation (6.1 vs 3.8; P<0.05). While the two groups were similar in conventional risks such as hyperlipidemia, gestational diabetes, smoking, EtOH/drug use, PFO patients had a trend toward lower incidence of hypertension (p=0.054), but statistically significantly higher incidence of hypercoagulable state (p=0.0004), migraine with aura (p=0.006), and May-Thurners Syndrome (p=0.001). Conclusions: PFO may pose unique risks compared to non-PFO related stroke in pregnancy. Novel risk factors such as May-Thurner's anatomy, which promote venous clotting with the increase in abdominal girth are important during pregnancy. For high risk individuals (such as those with known hypercoagulable state), screening for PFO may be of clinical utility in preventing strokes. Further studies are ongoing to validate these preliminary findings.
Early vs late diagnosis of gestational diabetes (GDM): Is early GDM diagnosed before 20 weeks similar to Type 2 diabetes or more similar to late GDM diagnosed after 26 weeks?; Objective: To compare three groups of women: (1) GDM diagnosed before 20 weeks (n=381), (2) GDM after 26 weeks (n=553) with normal oral glucose tolerance test before 20 weeks and (3) Type 2 diabetes (n=248). Method: Medical notes for women with diabetes in pregnancy from a multi-ethnic population in East London, delivered between August 2005 and July 2011, were reviewed as part of an audit by the Maternity Diabetes Service, Newham University Hospital. Median gestation at booking was similar in late (12 weeks) and early (11.29 weeks) GDM and Type 2 diabetes (12.43 weeks). Results: 32%-38% required English language support. Demographic parameters progressively increased in women with late GDM compared to early GDM, and when these were compared to Type 2 diabetes: median age (31 years, 33 years, 35 years), median body mass index (BMI) (28.8, 29.4, 30.8), mean parity (1.33, 1.63, 2.2). Other parameters also showed a similar trend: use of insulin/metformin (30%, 56%, 92%), pre-term delivery rate (14%, 21%, 35%), special care baby unit admission rate (7%, 13%, 22%) and emergency caesarean section rate (28%, 33%, 32%). The most striking findings of concern were the perinatal mortality rate (0.18%, 2.1%, 0.4%), fetal cardiac anomaly (0%, 1.8%, 3.42%) and post-delivery glucose intolerance rate (14%, 42%, NA). Conclusion: The audit results suggest that early GDM is much closer in the pathway to developing Type 2 diabetes compared to late GDM. Women with early GDM should be receiving maternity care of similar intensity to Type 2 diabetes. This has impact on current local guidelines which recommend that all GDM should be managed initially in the community after initial dietary education.
Sex specific impaired cardiac function in adult progeny of mothers with pregestational diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Although maternal diabetes is a risk factor for congenital heart defects, most fetuses exposed to hyperglycemia have structurally normal hearts. Our goal is to assess parameters of cardiac function in adult offspring of diabetic dams. METHODS: Hyperglycemia was induced in WT 8 wk old CD1 female mice with a single injection of 150 mg/kg IP of streptozotocin (STZ) prior to mating. Offspring consisted of exposed males (DM-m, n=9) and females (DM-f, n=9) and unexposed males (Con-m, n=9) and females(Con-f, n=8). Left ventricular echocardiograms were performed and included: interventricular septum diameter (IVS), left ventricular end diameter (LVED), area, volume, stroke volume, ejection fraction (EF), cardiac output (CO) and heart rate. Student t-test was used for statistical analysis. P<0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: Only DM-f exhibited differences in heart function. As shown in the table below, the findings of LVEDD, LVESD, area, volume and compensatory increase in EF of DM-f vs. Con-fare consistent with restrictive cardiomyopathy. CONCLUSIONS: Impaired cardiac function is evident in the adult female progeny of diabetic dams. More exploration needs to be done to elucidate the mechanism for these observed sex-specific differences in cardiac function. (Table Presented).
Role of screening echocardiogram in pregnancies complicated by maternal class III obesity; INTRODUCTION: This study aims to determine the utility of screening maternal echocardiograms (ECHOs) in pregnancies among women with a BMI of greater than or equal to 40. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective review of all pregnancies of women with a BMI ≥ 40 who delivered at a tertiary care center from October 2005 to February 2014. During this time, screening ECHOs were ordered as a part of a clinical protocol for all women in this weight class. Women who completed this screening were identified and their findings were characterized. RESULTS: 267 women underwent screening ECHOs. ECHOs were classified into the following categories: no abnormalities (44.2%), findings associated with pregnancy (39.3%), findings associated with hypertension (13.5%),findings associated with obstructive sleep apnea (2.2%), cardiac dysfunction (1.5%), and incidental findings of unknown clinical significance (11.6%) or some combination of these findings. ECHO abnormalities were present among patients with known cardiac disease (69%) hypertension (74.2%), pre-gestational diabetes (72.7%), gestational diabetes (56.3%), and sleep apnea (65%). Nearly half of patients (49.7%) without comorbidities had abnormal ECHO findings. Only 4 women had findings of clinically significant left ventricular dysfunction; of these, 2 had a known history of peripartum cardiomyopathy after a prior pregnancy, 1 had a history of chronic hypertension, and 1 had no additional known cardiac risk factors. Considering that 10 women had cardiac histories that would have indicated an ECHO in pregnancy, among pregnant women with a BMI ≥ 40, the number needed to screen to identify clinically significant left ventricular dysfunction is 520. CONCLUSIONS: While screening ECHOs may identify mild diseasespecific abnormalities in obese women, unexpected clinically significant findings are rare.
Role of mTOR and miR-143 in metabolic reprogramming in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects ∼ 7% of all pregnancies. Placentae from women with GDM are reported to have high rates of glycolysis, a characteristic ascribed to cancer cells. In cancer cells high rates of glycolysis are regulated by activation of mTOR signaling, inhibition of microRNA(miR)-143 and upregulation of its target gene hexokinase 2 (HK-2). We hypothesized that activation of placental mTOR signaling inhibits miR-143 and results in activation of aerobic glycolysis in GDM placentae. METHODS: Placental tissue was collected at term after C-section (no labor) from women with GDM, treated with diet alone (A1GDM), treated with glyburide or insulin (A2GDM) (n=6/group). Control (CTRL) placentae were collected from healthy women and matched for pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational age (n=6). Expression of miR- 143 and HK-2 was analyzed by RT-PCR and Western blot respectively. Mitochondrial respiration was measured by Seahorse XF Analyzer in syncytiotrophoblasts (ST) from CTRL and A2GDM placentae. RESULTS: No significant differences in fetal weight were observed, however, the placental weight was higher (p<0.04) in A2GDM (733±58g) compared to CTRL (587±48g) and A1GDM (706±76g). Therefore, the placental-fetal weight ratio was increased (p<0.03) in A2GDM vs. A1GDM and CTRL. The nutrient sensor AMPKThr-172 was decreased in A2GDM but effectors of both mTORC1 (p70S6KThr389 and 4EBPThr37-46) and mTORC2 (AKTs473) were increased in A2GDM vs. A1GDM and CTRL (p<0.05). Expression of miR-143 was reduced by 50% while mRNA and protein expression of HK-2 were significantly increased in A2GDM vs. A1GDM or CTRL (p<0.05). Furthermore, mRNA and protein levels of glycolytic enzymes such as phosphofructokinase and lactate dehydrogenase and glucose transporter GLUT1 were increased (p<0.04) in A2GDM. Expression of mitochondrial complexes I, II, III and IV and transcription factors PPARg and PGC1a were decreased (p<0.05) in A2GDM. In vitro studies showed reduction in mitochondrial respiration in STs from A2GDM vs. CTRL, this was prevented by transfection with pre-miR-143 (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, activation of mTOR signaling, decreased miR-143 expression, mitochondrial dysfunction and activation of aerobic glycolysis was found in A2GDM placentas. The preservation of mitochondrial respiration by miR-143 overexpression highlights the role of miR-143 in mediation of metabolic reprogramming towards glycolysis in A2GDM placentae.
Correlates of the lowest umbilical artery ph quartile in term singleton newborns; INTRODUCTION: To determine obstetrical factors associated with a tendency to fetal umbilical artery acidosis. METHODS: Umbilical cord blood analysis is routinely performed on all deliveries in our health system. We obtained the obstetrical electronic records of over 8000 term singleton neonates delivered in 2013. We calculated the lowest quartile for the umbilical artery ph(pHA) and compared with demographic, medical, obstetrical and intrapartum factors. We used Chi-square, student T test and regression analysis as indicated. RESULTS: There were 5448 valid pHA results with a mean+SD of 7.27+0.064 and the lowest quartile was 7.24. Factors significantly associated with the lowest quartile pHA included higher maternal BMI, tobacco smoke, induction agents, pre-gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, Labetalol use, Magnesuim sulfate use, PROM, shoulder dystocia, longer 2nd stage of labor and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns; whilst cesarean and cefalozin administration were protective. Regression analysis confirmed smoking(p=0.001,), magnesium sulfate use(p=0.005), cesarean section(p=0.001), abnormal fetal heart rate(p=0.000), and second stage of labor(p=0.000) as independent predictors. CONCLUSIONS: There are identifiable potentially preventable and modifiable risk factors of intrapartum fetal acidosis (Table Presented).
ATLANTIC-DIP: prevalence of metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus by International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups criteria; Women with previous gestational diabetes (GDM) are a high-risk group for future development of diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. The new International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Groups (IADPSG) criteria significantly increase the number of women diagnosed with GDM. The long-term metabolic outcome in these women is unknown. We set out to determine the prevalence of metabolic syndrome, using adult treatment panel-III criteria; and insulin resistance, using HOMA2-IR, in white European women with previous GDM. Using a cohort design, we invited women meeting IADPSG GDM criteria across four Irish antenatal centres between 2007 and 2010 to participate. Two hundred and sixty-five women with previous values meeting IADPSG criteria for GDM participated (44 % of the population eligible for participation). Mean age was 36.7 years (SD 5.0). These women were compared with a randomly selected control group of 378 women (mean age 37.6 years, SD 5.1) known to have normal glucose tolerance (NGT) in pregnancy during the same period. A total of 25.3 % of women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM met metabolic syndrome criteria, compared to 6.6 % of women with NGT [at 2.6 (SD 1.0) vs. 3.3 years (SD 0.7) post-partum]. The prevalence of HOMA2-IR >1.8 was higher in women with previous IADPSG-defined GDM (33.6 vs. 9.1 % with NGT, p < 0.001). Women with previous GDM by IADPSG criteria demonstrate a greater than threefold prevalence of metabolic syndrome compared to women with NGT in pregnancy. Efforts to prevent projected long-term consequences of this should focus on interventions both in the preconception and post-partum periods.
Antenatal management of at-risk pregnancies from a distance; This study was undertaken to determine whether antenatal care can be achieved in women with at-risk pregnancies residing in rural areas with limited access to antenatal care and maternal fetal medicine (MFM) specialists. Over a period of 15 months, 156 women with high-risk pregnancies (diabetes, hypertensive disorders, suspected fetal anomalies, prior caesarean complications) from six different healthcare units had 350 visits managed by telemedicine.
Comparison of the perinatal outcome of twins conceived after assisted reproductive technologies versus those conceived naturally; Objective: To analyze whether twin pregnancies resulting from assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) had an increased risk of obstetric complications or adverse neonatal outcomes. Study Design: The obstetric and neonatal outcomes of 252 cases of twin pregnancies, including 108 cases conceived by ART and 144 cases of natural conception, delivered at our hospital between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2011, were compared retrospectively. Results: Mean maternal age in the ART group was significantly older than that of the control group (31.04±3.63 vs. 28.81± 4.75, t=2.88, p<0.05). Among the gravidas (< 35 years old) the incidence of premature rupture in the ART group and the control group was statistically significant (22.09% vs. 10.48%, χ2=5.30, p<0.05). The incidence of mild asphyxia of the second twin in the ART group and the control group was also statistically significant (23.53% vs. 12.20%, χ2=4.61, p<0.05). However, there was no statistical difference in other maternal or neonatal complications of twins between the ART group and the control group. Conclusion: In this study, except for a higher incidence of morbidity, premature rupture of membranes, and mild asphyxia of the second twin, the obstetric complications or adverse neonatal outcome in the ART group were similar, which indicated that ARTconceived twin pregnancies were not at higher risk for obstetric complications or adverse neonatal outcome than were naturally conceived twin pregnancies.
What should be the glycemic goals in pregnancy complicated by diabetes?; The association between diabetes during pregnancy and the risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcome is well established. Maternal complications include spontaneous abortions, preterm deliveries, pre-eclampsia, nephropathy, cesarean section and among others birth trauma. The main fetal and neonatal complications are congenital anomalies, deviant fetal growth, birth related trauma, metabolic abnormalities and still birth. Moreover, evolving evidence indicate that diabetes, among other components of the metabolic syndrome, is a significant risk factor for childhood and adult obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes, due to in utero programming mechanisms including altered organ development, cellular signalling responses, and epigenetic modifications of gene expression. Not only that improving glycemic control reduces the risk for adverse outcome in pre-gestational diabetes, but also ingestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), treatment and achieving desired level of glycemic status effectively diminishes the risk for complications. Yet, several issues should be addressed when discussing the relation between glycemic control and adverse pregnancy outcome. First, how is good glycemic control defined? What is the glucose threshold that should be reached in order to diminish the risk for adverse outcome? Second, is maintaining glycemic control according to the recommendations and guidelines can truly abolish the increased risk for complications as compared to the general population? Finally, how glucose status should be monitored during pregnancy in regards to the methods used, diurnal occasions and frequencies.
Clinical characteristics of pfo stroke in pregnancy; Background: Stroke can be a devastating complication of pregnancy. Patent foramen ovale (PFO), an incomplete closure of antenatal interatrial communication, may cause maternal stroke by allowing venous clots to travel directly to the brain. PFO is common in the general population (approximately 25%) and poses unique challenges during pregnancy. Clinically PFO is thought to increase the risk of stroke during pregnancy due to increased venous hypercoagulability in the peripartum period. However, data on PFO related stroke during pregnancy is lacking. We prospectively study the clinical characteristics of stroke in pregnant patients with and without PFO. Method: Following IRB-approved protocol, we prospectively collected and compared clinical characteristics of pregnant stroke patients with and without PFO over a 25 year period at our medical center. Results: Of 8134 PFO related stroke patients at our center, 24 patients had PFO related stroke during pregnancy. Compared to 46 age-matched pregnant stroke patients without PFO, PFO stroke patients had higher NIHSS scores at presentation (6.1 vs 3.8; P<0.05). While the two groups were similar in conventional risks such as hyperlipidemia, gestational diabetes, smoking, EtOH/drug use (Table), PFO patients had a trend toward lower incidence of hypertension (p=0.054), but statistically significantly higher incidence of hypercoagulable state (p=0.0004), migraine with aura (p=0.006), and May-Thurners Syndrome (p=0.001). (Table). Conclusion: PFO may pose unique risks compared to non-PFO related stroke in pregnancy. Novel risk factors such as May-Thurner's anatomy, which promote venous clotting with the increase in abdominal girth are important during pregnancy. For high risk individuals (such as those with known hypercoagulable state), screening for PFO may be of clinical utility in preventing strokes. Further studies are ongoing to validate these preliminary findings.
Obstetric Anesthesia for Harlequin Ichthyosis: A Unique Challenge; Harlequin ichthyosis (HI) is a rare disorder of defective lipid transport resulting in severe epidermal hyperkeratosis producing large plate-like scales. Although mortality is high, improved treatments have allowed some with HI to survive into their third and fourth decades. However, until this case, there have been no known reports of pregnancy followed by birth of a healthy neonate to a mother with HI. We report one of the only approximately 25 known current HI survivors worldwide unique in having carried a pregnancy to full term and outline challenges for the anesthesiologist during labor and delivery.
How to manage a patient with chronic arterial hypertension during pregnancy and the postpartum period; The management of chronic arterial hypertension during pregnancy and postpartum requires first to estimate the risk of the pregnancy, linked with the severity of hypertension, with cardiac and renal involvement, with its cause as well as with the background (obesity, diabetes, possible history of placental vascular pathology). On a very practical approach, antihypertensive drug has to be started or increased if systolic pressure reaches or exceeds 160mmHg or if diastolic pressure reaches or exceeds 105mmHg. Below this level, there are no evidence-based medicine data, but it seems reasonable to treat if pressure increases over 150/100mmHg (140/90mmHg in case of ambulatory monitoring). Excessive pressure figures control must be avoided as much as insufficient ones: in practice, it is necessary to decrease the treatment dose if figures are below 130/80mmHg. Three antihypertensive drugs are consensually recommended today: alphametyldopa, calcium-channel blockers and labetalol. Monotherapy is most often sufficient; if needed, two of these drugs can easily be associated, and even three if necessary. Converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptorII antagonists should not be prescribed to pregnant women. Betablockers and diuretics are not recommended. Whatever is the antihypertensive drug used, it is necessary to detect the signs of bad placenta blood circulation with uterine Doppler ultrasound and regular controls of fetal growth, and to check for appearance of proteinuria, defining then over-imposed pre-eclampsia needing immediate admission to the maternity. After delivery, lacatation suppresion with bromocriptin should not be prescribed.
Parturitional Injury of the Head and Neck; Parturitional injuries refer to injuries sustained during and secondary to fetal delivery. The skull, brain, and head and neck regions are frequently involved. Accurate differentiation and classification of the various injuries is essential for treatment, prognosis, and parental counseling. In this review, we discuss the various "bumps and lumps" that maybe encountered along the neonatal skull as well as the most frequent calvarial and intracranial parturitional injuries. In addition, a short discussion of the most common head and neck, facial, and spinal lesions is included. Various mimickers and risk factors are also presented.
Speckle Tracking and Myocardial Tissue Imaging in Infant of Diabetic Mother with Gestational and Pregestational Diabetes; The aim of this study was to evaluate the myocardial changes in infants of diabetic mother either with gestational or pregestational diabetes and its relation to maternal diabetic control. The study included 45 infants of diabetic mother (IDMs) and 45 healthy newborn as a control group. IDMs were then categorized into 2 subgroups: twenty infants of mother with pregestational diabetes and twenty-five infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. The studied groups underwent measurement of the maternal and neonatal glycated Hb % (HbA1c), conventional echocardiography, tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) and two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging (STI). The weight, the rate of complications, and the rate of cesarean section were significantly higher in the IDMs group than in the control group. Significant positive correlation was present between the levels of HbA1c of IDMs and HbA1c of their mothers (P < 0.05). A significant deterioration of both systolic and diastolic functions measured by both conventional echocardiography and TDI was present in IDMs with both pre-gestational and gestational diabetes compared with the control group. Also, the septal/posterior wall ratio (SW/PW) was significantly higher in pregestational (1.86 ± 0.3) and gestational (2 ± 0.4) groups than in the control group (1 ± 0.06). Two-dimensional STI showed that the cardiac torsion was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (9.66 ± 2.5) and gestational (8.66 ± 3.9) groups when compared with the control group (5.4 ± 2.4) [P < 0.0001]. It also showed that the global strain was significantly impaired in pre-gestational (−10.4 ± 3.2) and gestational (−13.1 ± 4.7) groups when compared with the control group (−19 ± 2) [P < 0.0001]. However, no significant differences were present among the two patients’ subgroups in echocardiographic data except for a significant decrease of E’/A’ ratio and S wave at tricuspid annulus derived by TDI and impaired global strain derived by STI in infants of mothers with pre-gestational DM than those with gestational DM [P = 0.02]. SW/PW and cardiac torsion were significantly higher in infant of diabetic mother than the normal newborn and on the contrary systolic function and global strain were significantly lower in IDMs especially in infants of mother with pre-gestational diabetes. All the previous TDI findings did not show any significant correlation to neither maternal nor fetal HbA1c. Also, there was no significant correlation between cardiac torsion and the rest of TDI data neither in IDMs group nor in the control group. TDI and two-dimensional STI were efficient and sensitive tools able to early detect cardiac dysfunction in IDMs even in the absence of morphologic cardiac changes.
A hospital-centered approach to improve emergency obstetric care in South Sudan; Objective To assess provision of emergency obstetric care (EmOC) in Greater Yirol, South Sudan, after implementation of a hospital-centered intervention with an ambulance referral system.
Pathology of the stillborn infant for the general pathologist: Part 1; As the information obtained from previable fetal and stillbirth autopsies is used not only to explain the loss to the parents, but for future pregnancy planning, general pathologists need to be comfortable in dealing with these autopsies. The importance of an adequate fetal examination has been emphasized in a recent policy on the subject by the American Board of Pathology http://www.abpath.org/FetalAutopsyPolicy.pdf. This review paper covers the approach to the fetal and stillbirth autopsy. This first article covers the approach to the nonanomalous and anomalous autopsy. Hydrops fetalis will be covered in the second part of this series to be published subsequently.
The effect of pregestational diabetes on fetal heart function; Pregestational diabetes affects nearly 2% of all pregnancies. Moreover, Type 2 diabetes in child-bearing women is on the rise because of the childhood obesity epidemic. Pregestational diabetes can affect the fetal heart in several ways. First, the risk of fetal congenital heart disease is markedly increased; second, fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy may occur even with good glycemic control; third, studies have shown impaired function of the hearts of some infants and fetuses of diabetic pregnancies, which can occur with and without septal hypertrophy. Small-for-gestational-age infants of diabetic mothers may have diminished cardiovascular health in the long term. This review mainly discusses methods to detect fetal diabetic cardiomyopathy prenatally. The focus is on the noninvasive diagnostic markers that can serve as an outcome measure for future therapeutic trials, which are still lacking. There is some experimental research on treatment strategies to prevent fetal heart disease in diabetic pregnancies but little clinical data.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus and high maternal weight on the development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: A population-level analysis; Aims: To examine the association between gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and high maternal weight and the risk of development of chronic disease. Methods: Women with singleton deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 in Alberta, Canada, were categorized according to pre-pregnancy weight (overweight ≥ 91 kg) and GDM status. Obstetric and neonatal outcomes, as well as the long-term incidence of maternal diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease were examined. Results: Of 240 083 women, 213 765 (89%) had no GDM and were not overweight (reference group), 17 587 (7.3%) were overweight only, 7332 (3%) had GDM only and 1399 (0.6%) had GDM and were overweight. Significant differences in Caesarean section rates, induction rates and birthweight were observed across the four groups. During a median follow-up of 5.3 years, diabetes incidence was 36% in the GDM and overweight, 18.8% in the GDM only, 4.8% in the overweight only and 1.1% in the reference group. With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, the GDM and overweight group had the highest rates (26.8% and 3.1%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.8% and 1.0%, respectively). However, rates were similar in the GDM only (14.9% and 1.9%, respectively) and overweight only groups (14.9% and 1.5%, respectively). Conclusions: Not surprisingly, the presence of both high maternal weight and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between overweight alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears similar suggesting a need for effective interventions to manage both these conditions to improve the health of these patients.
Pregnancy and delivery in women with esophageal varices due to hepatic vein thrombosis; Aim: Retrospective analysis of the course of pregnancy, labor and mode of anesthesia in women with portal hypertension and esophageal varices induced by portal vein thrombosis. Material: From 2000 to 2012 seven pregnant were admitted. None had liver transplantation (Ltx), the varicose have been in the 1st stage. Each of them has been consulted by the obstetrician, transplant surgeon and anesthetist. The patient condition during pregnancy, labor and postpartum period was analyzed. Results: Pregnancy in five cases proceeded physiologically. In one threatening miscarriage was diagnosed and treated with gestagens, two patients had tocolytic. One required variceal banding twice. In three thrombocytopenia worsened, with platelet count <70g/L (up to 59g/L). They received platelet transfusion before delivery. In one case, significant hipoproteinemia (4.7g/L) occurred. In a case, GDM G1 and oligohydramnios were found. All women delivered at term (37-40Hbd). In all general anesthesia with the use of remifentanil was done. There were no fluctuations in MAP and HR. Incision to delivery time was 2.5min. Time from opioid administration to birth was <4min. All children were born in good condition, weight 10-90 percentile. Regional anesthesia is contraindicated in patients with thrombocytopenia. In patients with esophageal varices sudden increase in heart rate and blood pressure can cause hemorrhage. Conclusion: Patients with portal hypertension can deliver at term. It is a high-risk pregnancy. In this group it is desirable to shorten the second stage of labor or complete it by c-section under general anesthesia with remifentanyl which allows getting desired analgesia without complications in the newborn. Surveillance of pregnant with portal hypertension must include monitoring of liver function and coagulation disorders.
Circulating nucleic acids and diabetes mellitus; Diabetes, which is a major health problem throughout the world is associated with increased mortality and morbidity. Early detection of those at risk and early detection of complications will help to reduce the adverse consequences. Current methods used for early detection of DM and its complications either have limitations or are expensive. Circulating miRNA and mRNA offer an exciting new approach to the diagnosis of diabetes and its complications. Several recent studies have reported that this approach is feasible. For example, mRNA for retinal specific proteins was reported to give good discrimination between different grades of diabetic retinopathy. In this chapter the use of miRNA and mRNA in diabetes and its complications is discussed.
Pregnancy care in women older than 40 years and after egg donation; Pregnancies in older women are increasing. These women often have comorbidities. These pregnancies, spontaneous, after IVF or egg donation are at high risk of complications, particularly hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, low birth weight, and delivery by cesarean section. Women with Turner syndrome can conceive only by egg donation and are at very high risk of cardiovascular complications. Screening of these comorbidities and pregnancy care by maternal-fetal medicine specialists, with pluridisciplinary collaboration, are mandatory. Delivery in a tertiary care center able to offer optimal care to the mothers and their newborns is recommended.
Gestational diabetes mellitus - Its control, maternal and perinatal outcome - A retrospective study in Sri Balaji Medical College Hospital, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India; To compare pregnancy outcomes in women with GDM to those with normal glucose tolerance and to analyze glycemic control in women with GDM and its effect on perinatal outcome. A 75gm OGCT is done in all the women during their first visit to the antenatal clinic. A diet or insulin regimen is initiated according to clinical judgment and OGCT result. To assess the effectiveness of the treatment regimen, she is followed up with regular fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and post prandial plasma glucose (PPPG) values. Treatment is adjusted accordingly. After delivery, perinatal outcome is assessed. Babies are breast fed soon after birth and allowed to stay with the mother until discharge. FPG and PPPG values were monitored antenatally in the diabetic cohort. The median value was calculated for FPG and PPPG. A minimum of 3 glucose samples were required, and subjects were assigned to a group of good control if FPG < 95mg/dl and PPPG < 120mg/dl, and poor control if FPG > 95mg/dl and/or PPPG > 120mg/dl. Induction of labour was similar between the two groups. There was no difference in maternal characteristics between groups that had good and poor control. Good control was not associated with the treatment regimen used. Two hour glucose values at OGCT were not predictive for future control. Neonatal hypoglycemia was significantly associated with poor control. The incidence of macrosomia, neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission prior to discharge was similar, irrespective of glucose control. GDM is associated with adverse perinatal outcome. The degree of glycemic control is not predictive of adverse perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Osteogenesis imperfecta: Cesarean deliveries in identical twins; Osteogenesis imperfecta is a congenital disorder resulting in multiple fractures and extremely short stature, usually necessitating cesarean delivery. Identical twins with severe osteogenesis imperfecta each of whom underwent a cesarean delivery with different anesthetic modalities are presented. A review of the literature and anesthetic options for cesarean delivery and postoperative analgesia for women with osteogenesis imperfecta are discussed.
Spontaneous coronary artery dissection in a parturient with Nail-Patella syndrome; Spontaneous coronary artery dissection is an uncommon cause of acute coronary syndrome, occurring predominantly in women during and immediately after pregnancy; it carries a mortality rate of greater than 50%. While the exact etiology is unknown, possible contributing factors include pregnancy-related hormonal, connective tissue and hemodynamic changes. We present a case of a 35-year-old multigravid woman with Nail-Patella syndrome who developed an acute myocardial infarction secondary to spontaneous coronary artery dissection during labor which was not diagnosed until after delivery. We hypothesize that abnormal collagen fiber formation found in Nail-Patella syndrome may have put her at an increased risk of coronary dissection and myocardial infarction. Regardless of etiology, a delay in diagnosis of myocardial ischemia can lead to significant morbidity and mortality. In light of the increasing burden of cardiac disease in the obstetric population, clinicians should remain vigilant for signs of myocardial infarction and prepare for definitive diagnosis and treatment.
Fetal cardiac function measured by myocardial performance index of small-for-gestational age fetuses; Aim The aim of this study was to demonstrate the changes of right and left myocardial performance indices (MPI) in small-for-gestational age (SGA) fetuses during 28-40 weeks of gestation. Material and Methods Singleton pregnant women during 28-40 weeks of gestation were enrolled. Estimated fetal weight was used to classify the subjects into appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) and SGA groups. The Doppler indices of umbilical and middle cerebral arteries, including amniotic fluid index, were used to distinguish constitutional SGA (both normal Doppler indices and amniotic fluid index) from intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) fetuses (abnormal Doppler indices and/or oligohydramnios). MPI was obtained and compared between the groups. Inter- and intra-observer variations were also assessed. Results Fifty women had AGA fetuses whereas another 50 cases had SGA fetuses (41 constitutional SGA and nine IUGR). Right MPI in AGA fetuses was constant whereas left MPI was slightly increased. The MPI of SGA fetuses were significantly greater than those of AGA fetuses starting from 30 weeks gestation until delivery (P < 0.01 and <0.05 in right and left side, respectively). Subgroup analysis demonstrated right and left MPI of IUGR fetuses increased with advancing gestation and were significantly greater than those of constitutional SGA and AGA fetuses, which appeared to be similar. The reproducibility of the test was high. Conclusions In SGA fetuses, the MPI of right and left ventricles was significantly increased with advancing gestation compared to AGA cases.
History of infertility and risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus: a prospective cohort study; Aims/hypothesis: We sought to evaluate the relationship between delayed conception and type 2 diabetes risk, given that there are plausible underlying mechanisms linking the two, including inflammation and insulin resistance. Methods: Participants of the Nurses’ Health Study II prospective cohort were included if they were free of chronic disease (cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, cancer) at baseline. Biennial questionnaires updated information on infertility status (>12 months attempted pregnancy), lifestyle characteristics and several health-related outcomes. Self-reported cases of diabetes were confirmed using a follow-up questionnaire. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to compute the HRs and 95% CIs. Results: Incident type 2 diabetes occurred in 5,993 of the 112,106 participants over 24 years of follow-up (1989–2013). A history of infertility was reported in 27,774 (24.8%) women and was associated with a 20% greater risk of developing diabetes, compared with those never reporting infertility (HR 1.20 [95% CI 1.14, 1.28]), after adjusting for age, lifestyle factors, marital status, oral contraceptive use, family history of diabetes and BMI. Compared with women without a history of infertility, the causes of infertility associated with a higher diabetes risk were ovulation disorders (HR 1.43 [95% CI 1.29, 1.58]) and tubal factor (HR 1.34 [95% CI 1.13, 1.58]). Cervical factor (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.81, 1.40]) and endometriosis (HR 1.06 [95% CI 0.89, 1.27]) were not associated, while male factor infertility was associated with a modestly higher diabetes risk (HR 1.15 [95% CI 1.00, 1.33]). Conclusions/interpretation: These novel findings suggest a history of infertility, particularly that related to ovulation disorders and tubal blockage, is significantly associated with a higher risk of type 2 diabetes.
Oxidative stress and diabetes: An overview; Oxidative stress is well known to be involved in the pathogenesis of lifestyle related diseases. Oxidative stress contributes to many pathological conditions including cancer, asthma, atherosclerosis, hypertension, and diabetes. It is a state in which oxidation exceeds the antioxidant systems in the body secondary to a loss of balance between them. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are produced from molecular oxygen as a result of normal cellular metabolism and environmental factors such as air pollutants, cigarette smoke and sedentary lifestyle. ROS are highly reactive molecules that can damage carbohydrates, nucleic acids, lipids and proteins. There is considerable evidence that induction of oxidative stress is a key process in the onset of diabetes. Lipid peroxidation owing to free radical activity plays an important role in complications of diabetes. Increased levels of lipid peroxidation are a consequence of free radical activity in both Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes. The human body has several mechanisms to counter the effects of these reactive species by the production of antioxidant enzymes like glutathione and catalase. Antioxidants can also be taken exogenously through the diet. In this review article, we summarize the effect of oxidative stress in the development of diabetes.
Delivery of a small-for-gestational-age infant and risk of maternal cardiovascular disease - a population-based record linkage study; Background: Delivery of small for gestational age (SGA) infants has been associated with increased risk of future maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). However, whether the risk increases progressively with the greater severity of SGA and number of SGA infants has not been explored. Methods: A population-based record linkage study was conducted among 812,732 women delivering live born, singleton infants at term between 1994 and 2011 in New South Wales, Australia. Birth records were linked to the mothers' subsequent hospitalisation or death records to identify CVD events (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and chronic heart failure) after a median of 7.4 years. Cox proportional hazard regression was used to estimate adjusted hazard ratios (AHR) [95% confidence interval (CI)] for the associations between the severity (moderate or extreme) of SGA and number of SGA infants and subsequent risk of maternal CVD, accounting for maternal age at last birth, socioeconomic status, parity, smoking, (pre-gestational and gestational) diabetes, and (chronic and pregnancy) hypertension. Results: Compared to mothers of non-SGA infants, AHRs [95%CI] of CVD among mothers of moderately and extremely SGA infants were 1.36 [1.23-1.49], and 1.66 [1.47-1.87], respectively, while AHRs among mothers with 1, 2, and ≥3 SGA infants were 1.42 [1.30-1.54], 1.65 [1.34-2.03], and 2.42 [1.52-3.85], respectively, indicating a dose-response relationship. AHRs of specific CVD categories showed a similar pattern. Conclusions: Delivery of an SGA infant was associated with a dose-dependent increase in the risk of maternal CVD according to both the severity of SGA and number of previous SGA infants.
Recurrent duplication mutation in HRAS causing mild Costello syndrome in a Chinese patient; Costello syndrome (CS; OMIM 218040) is caused by heterozygous germline mutations of HRAS (OMIM 190020).We report on a patient with sporadic CS presenting with characteristic craniofacial dysmorphism, congenital cardiopulmonary disorders, intellectual impairment, and skin abnormalities manifesting as loose redundant skin of the hands and feet, acanthosis nigricans, multiple naevi and hypotrichosis. Using Sanger sequencing for the case-parents trio, we detected a de novo insertion mutation (c.187-207dup) in HRAS, which was predicted to result in duplication of amino acids 63-69 (p.E63-D69dup). This mutation was recently described in a mild case of CS, with hyperactivation of HRAS and disrupted capacity to respond to incoming signals. Our study delineates the detailed clinical features associated with this noncanonical HRAS mutation and further expands the phenotypic spectrum of CS.
Adenosine signalling in diabetes mellitus-pathophysiology and therapeutic considerations; Adenosine is a key extracellular signalling molecule that regulates several aspects of tissue function by activating four G-protein-coupled receptors, A 1, A 2A, A 2B and A 1 adenosine receptors. Accumulating evidence highlights a critical role for the adenosine system in the regulation of glucose homeostasis and the pathophysiology of type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Although adenosine signalling is known to affect insulin secretion, new data indicate that adenosine signalling also contributes to the regulation of β-cell homeostasis and activity by controlling the proliferation and regeneration of these cells as well as the survival of β cells in inflammatory microenvironments. Furthermore, adenosine is emerging as a major regulator of insulin responsiveness by controlling insulin signalling in adipose tissue, muscle and liver; adenosine also indirectly mediates effects on inflammatory and/or immune cells in these tissues. This Review critically discusses the role of the adenosine-adenosine receptor system in regulating both the onset and progression of T1DM and T2DM, and the potential of pharmacological manipulation of the adenosinergic system as an approach to manage T1DM, T2DM and their associated complications.
Impact of maternal obesity on perinatal and childhood outcomes; Maternal obesity is of major consequence, affecting every aspect of maternity care including both shorte and longeterm effects on the health of the offspring. Obese mothers are at a higher risk of developing gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, potentially exposing the foetus to an adverse intrauterine environment. Maternal obesity is linked to foetal macrosomia, resulting in increased neonatal and maternal morbidity. Foetal macrosomia is a result of a change in body composition in the neonate with an increase in both percentage fat and fat mass. Maternal obesity and gestational weight gain are associated with childhood obesity, and this effect extends into adulthood. Childhood obesity in turn increases chances of later life obesity, thus type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Further clinical trials of lifestyle and, potentially, pharmacological interventions in obese pregnant women are required to determine whether shorte and longeterm adverse effects for the mother and child can be reduced.
Management of diabetes in pregnancy: Antenatal follow-up and decisions concerning timing and mode of delivery; Pregnancy in women with diabetes remains complicated despite improvements in glucose control. This seems mainly due to the fact that normoglycemia is still outside of reach. Congenital malformations are already significantly increased in the case of HbA1c values of 2-4SD above the mean, and fetal macrosomia is increasing in incidence. The latter may be due to an increase in maternal body mass index (BMI), absence of cardiovascular complications, better placentation, and increased weight gain during pregnancy. Severe maternal hypoglycemia is a frequent complication during the first trimester of pregnancy. The outcome is generally poorer in the case of type-2 diabetes as compared to type-1, which is likely to be due to a higher incidence of maternal metabolic syndrome. In this article, preconceptional and antenatal management and the mode and timing of delivery are discussed, both for women with preexisting diabetes and for those with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Racial and ethnic disparities in maternal morbidity and mortality; Tremendous health disparities exist in pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity and particularly affect black women.
The offspring of the diabetic mother - Short- and long-term implications; In the 1980s, David Barker and Colleagues proposed that the major causes of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases have their roots in early development. There is now robust evidence that an hyperglycemic intrauterine environment is responsible not only for significant short-term morbidity in the fetus and the neonate but also for an increased risk of developing diabetes as well as other chronic, noncommunicable diseases at adulthood. The risk is higher in pregestational diabetes, but unrecognized and/or poorly managed gestational diabetes (GDM) may have similar consequences. Although a relatively clear picture of the pathogenesis of the fetal and neonatal complications of maternal diabetes and of their interrelationship is available today, the intimate molecular mechanisms involved in the long term are far from being understood. While the rate of GDM is sharply increasing in association with the pandemic of obesity and of type 2 diabetes over the world, we review here the current understanding of short- and long-term outcomes of fetuses exposed to a diabetic environment.
Ambulatory blood pressure and its variability in adults born preterm; Supplemental Digital Content is available in the text. Adults born preterm have higher blood pressure (BP) than those born at term. Most studies have focused on preterm birth, and few have assessed BP variability, an independent risk factor of cardiovascular disease. We studied the association of preterm birth with 24-hour ambulatory BP, measured by an oscillometric device, in 42 young adults born early preterm (<34 weeks), 72 born late preterm (34-36 weeks), and 103 controls (≥37 weeks). Sleep was confirmed with accelerometry in 72.4% of subjects. The 24-hour systolic BP of adults born early preterm was 5.5 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 1.9-9.3), awake systolic BP was 6.4 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval, 2.8-10.1), and sleeping systolic BP was 2.9 mm Hg higher (95% confidence interval 0.3-7.5) when adjusted for age, sex, and use of accelerometry. The differences remained similar when adjusted for height, body mass index, physical activity, smoking, parental education, maternal body mass index, smoking during pregnancy, and gestational diabetes mellitus and attenuated slightly when adjusted for maternal hypertensive pregnancy disorders. Adults born early preterm also had higher BP variability as indicated by higher individual standard deviations of systolic BP and diastolic BP. Although our results were consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter gestation and higher BP, the difference between the late preterm and term groups was not statistically significant. Our results suggest that the higher BP in adults born early preterm is present during both waking and sleeping hours, may be more pronounced during waking hours, and is accompanied by higher individual BP variability.
Pregnancy outcomes in very advanced maternal age pregnancies: The impact of assisted reproductive technology; Objective: To determine whether there are differences in adverse pregnancy outcomes in very advanced maternal age (vAMA) women who conceived with assisted reproductive technologies (ART) compared with spontaneous conceptions. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Setting: Academic tertiary care medical center. Patient(s): A total of 472 women aged ≥45 years who delivered at one institution. Intervention(s): Mode of conception. Main Outcome Measure(s): Maternal and neonatal outcomes. Result(s): For singleton pregnancies, vAMA women who conceived with ART were significantly older (47.0 ± 2.3 vs. 45.6 ± 0.1 years), more likely to be white (88.1% vs. 75.6%), and less parous (0.4 ± 0.9 vs. 1.2 ± 1.8) than vAMA women who conceived spontaneously. They were at significantly increased risk for cesarean delivery (CD) (75.1% vs. 49.7%) and were more likely to undergo elective primary CD without labor (25.4% vs. 9.4%). Risk of retained placenta was also significantly higher (2.7% vs. 0%). Rates of other maternal complications and neonatal outcomes were similar. Subgroup analysis of ART singleton pregnancies did not demonstrate differences in women using autologous oocytes versus donor oocytes. Conclusion(s): Very advanced maternal age women who conceive after ART are more likely to be white, older, primiparous, and are more likely to proceed with an elective CD compared with vAMA women who conceive spontaneously. The increased risk of retained placenta in women who conceive with ART may indicate an underlying risk for placentation defects.
Cohort profile: Mysore parthenon birth cohort; The Mysore Parthenon Birth Cohort was established to examine the long-term effects of maternal glucose tolerance and nutritional status on cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring. During 1997-98, 830 of 1233 women recruited from the antenatal clinics of the Holdsworth Memorial Hospital (HMH), Mysore, India, underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. Of these, 667 women delivered live babies at HMH. Four babies with major congenital anomalies were excluded, and the remaining 663 were included for further follow-up. The babies had detailed anthropometry at birth and at 6-12-monthly intervals subsequently. Detailed cardiovascular investigations were done at ages 5, 9.5 and 13.5 years in the children, and in the parents at the 5-year and 9.5-year follow-ups. This ongoing study provides extensive data on serial anthropometry and body composition, physiological and biochemical measures, dietary intake, nutritional status, physical activity measures, stress reactivity measures and cognitive function, and socio-demographic parameters for the offspring. Data on anthropometry, cardiovascular risk factors and nutritional status are available for mothers during pregnancy. Anthropometry and risk factor measures are available for both parents at follow-up.
Biochemical view on: Precocious markers of cardiovascular risk and vascular damage in apparently healthy women with previous gestational diabetes; Women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus have an increased risk of developing diabetes mellitus, which is a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance. In the recently published article by Zajdenverg et al., they aimed to identify endothelial dysfunction and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. However, authors did not evaluate the role of total homocysteine, which has important effects for endothelial dysfunction. Vitamin B12 and folic acid are important vitamins since their deficiency may lead to the probable microvascular abnormalities by increasing the tHcy, which is an independent risk factor for endothelial dysfunction.
Exposure to maternal gestational diabetes is associated with higher cardiovascular responses to stress in adolescent Indians; Context: Altered endocrinal and autonomic nervous system responses to stress may link impaired intra-uterine growth with later cardiovascular disease. Objective: To test the hypothesis that offspring of gestational diabetic mothers (OGDM) have high cortisol and cardiosympathetic responses during the Trier Social Stress Test for Children (TSST-C). Design: Adolescents from a birth cohort in India (n = 213; mean age, 13.5 y), including 26 OGDM, 22 offspring of diabetic fathers (ODF), and 165 offspring of nondiabetic parents (controls) completed 5 minutes each of public speaking and mental arithmetic tasks in front of two unfamiliar "evaluators" (TSST-C). Salivary cortisol concentrations were measured at baseline and at regular intervals after the TSST-C. Heart rate, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, cardiac output, and total peripheral resistance were measured continuously at baseline, during the TSST-C, and for 10 minutes after the test using a finger cuff; the beat-to-beat values were averaged for these periods. Results: Cortisol and cardiosympathetic parameters increased from baseline during stress (P < .001). OGDM had greater systolic BP (mean difference, 5.6 mm Hg), cardiac output (0.5 L/min), and stroke volume (4.0 mL) increases and a lower total peripheral resistance rise (125 dyn·s/cm5) than controls during stress. ODF had greater systolic BP responses than controls (difference, 4.1 mm Hg); there was no difference in other cardiosympathetic parameters. Cortisol responses were similar in all three groups. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with higher cardiosympathetic stress responses in the offspring, which may contribute to their higher cardiovascular disease risk. Further research may confirm stress-response programming as a predictor of cardiovascular risk in OGDM.
Oropharyngeal suctioning in neonates immediately after delivery: Influence on cerebral and peripheral tissue oxygenation; Background: Routine oropharyngeal suctioning in term vigorous neonates immediately after birth is a questionable practice. Current recommendations favor suctioning only in the presence of considerable obstruction due to secretions, blood or other matter. We aimed to analyze the influence of oropharyngeal suctioning on cerebral and peripheral muscle oxygenation in term neonates during transition immediately after birth. Methods: We included term neonates after elective cesarean section for this prospective observational study. Oropharyngeal suctioning was performed based on the clinicians' judgment of threatening airway obstruction. From a total of 138 enrolled neonates, 36 were suctioned and then compared to 36 controls matched for gestational age. Heart rate (HR) and pre/postductal arterial oxygen saturation (SpO2pre/SpO2post) were measured by pulse oximetry. Cerebral (rSO2brain) and pre/postductal peripheral muscle tissue oxygenation (rSO2pre/rSO2post) were measured by near infrared spectroscopy during the first 15. min of life. Results: All neonates in both groups experienced normal postnatal transition with normal Apgar scores (Apgar 9/10/10) and with no events of apnea or bradycardia induced by suctioning. SpO2pre values were slightly lower at 2 and 4. min after birth. Suctioning had no main and interaction effect on HR, SpO2post, rSO2brain, rSO2pre and rSO2post in the first 15. min after birth. Conclusion: In the present study we were able to show that, in term neonates, when correctly indicated, immediate postnatal oropharyngeal suctioning does not compromise cerebral and peripheral muscle tissue oxygenation. However, any suction maneuver must be performed with caution and strict indication during neonatal transition.
Telomere length as a marker of cellular aging is associated with prevalence and progression of metabolic syndrome; Metabolic syndrome (MetS) represents a cluster of major risk factors known to be associated with the development of aging-related diseases, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Telomere length (TL) is often used as a cellular marker for biological age. Shorter TL indicates increased biological age. It is unknown whether maintenance of a short TL could be predictive for onset of metabolic diseases associated with increasing biological age. A number of studies found significant associations between shorter TL and dysregulated MetS components, but other studies did not confirm this finding. This cohort study investigated the relationship between shorter baseline TL and a worse metabolic profile with less favorable trajectories of MetS components over a 6-year follow-up. Participants included 2842 men and women aged 18 to 65 years who were part of The Netherlands Study of Depression and Anxiety, an ongoing prospective cohort study with 6-year follow-up. Telomere length from leukocytes was determined using quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Metabolic syndrome components (waist circumference, triglycerides, high-density lipoprotein [HDL], cholesterol, fasting glucose, and systolic and diastolic blood pressure) were determined at baseline and after 2 and 6 years. Adjustments were made at baseline and 2- and 6-year follow-up for covariates (sociodemographic, lifestyle, and health factors) that could affect cross-sectional and longitudinal analyses.
Women-specific factors to consider in risk, diagnosis and treatment of cardiovascular disease; In the era of individualized medicine, gaps in knowledge remain about sex-specific risk factors, diagnostic and treatment options that might reduce mortality from cardiovascular disease (CVD) and improve outcomes for both women and men. In this review, contributions of biological mechanisms involving the sex chromosomes and the sex hormones on the cardiovascular system will be discussed in relationship to the female-specific risk factors for CVD: hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, menopause and use of hormonal therapies for contraception and menopausal symptoms. Additionally, sex-specific factors to consider in the differential diagnosis and treatment of four prevalent CVDs (hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease and congestive heart failure) will be reviewed with emphasis on areas where additional research is needed.
The mother - The long-term implications on metabolic and cardiovascular complications; There is cumulating evidence linking the occurrence of pregnancy complications, including miscarriage, stillbirth, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm birth, and fetal growth restriction, with increased future risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus, and hospitalization and death due to cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Such association is largely related to genetic predisposition and shared pathophysiological mechanisms and changes, which may precede the index pregnancy. Awareness of this association would allow identification of the at-risk women for implementation of preventive measures to reduce the recurrence risk of these complications and mitigate the future development of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases worldwide.
Passive leg raising during pregnancy; Objective To determine if passive leg raising (PLR) significantly increases cardiac output in a cohort of healthy pregnant women during the third trimester. Study Design Using a noninvasive monitor, baseline hemodynamic measurements for arterial blood pressure, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, heart rate, cardiac output, cardiac index, stroke volume, and systemic vascular resistances were obtained with patients in the semirecumbent position. Measurements were repeated after a 3-minute PLR maneuver in supine, right lateral decubitus, and left lateral decubitus positions. Results After 10 minutes of bed rest, the cohort's mean baseline heart rate was 80 ± 12 beats/minute. Baseline stroke volume was 98 ± 14 mL, mean cardiac output was 7.8 ± 1.2 L/min, and mean cardiac index was 4.32 ± 0.63 L/min. The baseline systemic vascular resistance value was 893 ± 160 dynes/sec/cm5. Baseline mean arterial blood pressure was 84 ± 11 mm Hg. Following a PLR maneuver in the supine position, heart rate decreased significantly. No difference was noted in other measurements. Findings were similar with PLR in the left lateral decubitus. PLR in the right lateral decubitus resulted in significantly decreased heart rate, cardiac output, and cardiac index. Conclusions PLR did not result in cardiac output recruitment in a cohort of healthy pregnant women during the third trimester.
NuMoM2b Sleep-Disordered Breathing study: Objectives and methods; Objective The objective of the Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy of the Nulliparous Pregnancy Outcomes Study Monitoring Mothers-to-be (nuMoM2b) is to determine whether sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy is a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcomes. Study Design NuMoM2b is a prospective cohort study of 10,037 nulliparous women with singleton gestations that was conducted across 8 sites with a central Data Coordinating and Analysis Center. The Sleep Disordered Breathing substudy recruited 3702 women from the cohort to undergo objective, overnight in-home assessments of sleep disordered breathing. A standardized level 3 home sleep test was performed between 6<sup>0</sup>-15<sup>0</sup> weeks' gestation (visit 1) and again between 22<sup>0</sup>-31<sup>0</sup> weeks' gestation (visit 3). Scoring of tests was conducted by a central Sleep Reading Center. Participants and their health care providers were notified if test results met "urgent referral" criteria that were based on threshold levels of apnea hypopnea indices, oxygen saturation levels, or electrocardiogram abnormalities but were not notified of test results otherwise. The primary pregnancy outcomes to be analyzed in relation to maternal sleep disordered breathing are preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction, and preterm birth. Results Objective data were obtained at visit 1 on 3261 women, which was 88.1% of the studies that were attempted and at visit 3 on 2511 women, which was 87.6% of the studies that were attempted. Basic characteristics of the substudy cohort are reported in this methods article. Conclusion The substudy was designed to address important questions regarding the relationship of sleep-disordered breathing on the risk of preeclampsia and other outcomes of relevance to maternal and child health.
Cardiovascular risk factors and disease in women; Coronary artery disease and stroke predominantly affect older women as opposed to younger women, but the risk factors that contribute to atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease risk often start in young women. Young women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with migraine, and who use oral contraceptive pills (OCPs) have short-term increases in thrombotic complications that can result in coronary events or stroke. Attention should be focused on risk reduction in women of all ages. Screening for and discussing diabetes, hypertension, obesity, smoking, migraine, PCOS, and pregnancy complication history and discussing the pros and cons of hormone and statin medications are part of reducing cardiovascular risk for women.
Association of isolated polyhydramnios at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation and pregnancy outcome; Objective: To evaluate pregnancy outcome among women with isolated polyhydramnios at admission for labor at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation. Methods: Retrospective cohort study at a tertiary medical center between 2007 and 2012. Isolated polyhydramnios was defined as amniotic fluid index (AFI) greater than 25 cm at admission in the absence of gestational or pregestational diabetes mellitus or fetal structural or chromosomal anomalies. Women with isolated polyhydramnios were compared with women with a normal AFI (5-25 cm). Results: Overall, 31,376 women were eligible for analysis, of whom 215 (0.7%) had isolated polyhydramnios and 31,161 normal AFI. Women with isolated polyhydramnios had higher rates of labor induction (7.9% compared with 4.8%, P.04) and cesarean delivery (12.1% compared with 5.1%, P<.001). They also had higher rates of placental abruption (0.9% compared with 0.2%, P.02), abnormal or intermediate fetal heart rate (FHR) tracings (7.0% compared with 3.2%, P.002), and prolonged first stage of delivery (6.0% compared with 1.4%, P<.001). Isolated polyhydramnios was also associated with higher rates of shoulder dystocia (1.9% compared with 0.3%, P<.001) and respiratory distress syndrome (0.5% compared with 0.03%, P.001). On a multiple logistic regression model, isolated polyhydramnios was an independent risk factor for labor induction (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.01-2.8), cesarean delivery (adjusted OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.7-4.0), prolonged first stage of delivery (adjusted OR 3.6, 95% CI 1.97-6.7), abnormal or intermediate FHR tracings (adjusted OR 2.6, 95% CI 1.6-4.5), placental abruption (adjusted OR 8.4, 95% CI 2.00-35.4), shoulder dystocia (adjusted OR 3.4, 95% CI 1.2-9.7), and respiratory distress syndrome (adjusted OR 38.9, 95% CI 4.6-332.6). Mild isolated polyhydramnios (AFI 25.1-30.0) was independently associated with cesarean delivery, prolonged first stage of delivery, placental abruption, abnormal or intermediate FHR tracings, and shoulder dystocia. Conclusion: Isolated polyhydramnios at admission for labor at or beyond 34 weeks of gestation is associated with adverse obstetric and neonatal outcomes.
The multidisciplinary approach to the care of the obese parturient; Maternal obesity in pregnancy is associated with increased maternal and fetal risks. Pregnancy management should include counseling, screening, and optimization of maternal health, increased fetal surveillance, and preparation for parturition. A multidisciplinary approach should be implemented including collaboration from obstetricians, nutritionists, anesthesiologists, social workers, and neonatologists to optimize perinatal outcomes. Pregnancy is an ideal window of opportunity to influence both the patient's long-term health and the health of the offspring.
Incidence and outcomes of women with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in pregnancy: A population-based study on 7.9 million births; Aim Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) is a rare malignancy that can affect women of all ages. The purpose of our study was to estimate the incidence, maternal and fetal outcomes of pregnancy-associated non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (PANHL). Material and Methods We conducted a population-based cohort study on all births identified in the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project - Nationwide Inpatient Sample from 2003 to 2011. Disease incidence was calculated and logistic regression was used to estimate the adjusted effect of NHL on maternal and fetal outcomes. Results Of 7917453 births, there were 427 cases of PANHL for an overall incidence of 5.39 per 100000 births, increasing from 4.44 per 100000 births to 7.17 per 100000 births over the 9-year period. Relative to controls, PANHL was more common among Caucasians and women aged 25-34 years. Non-specified PANHL was most commonly coded in >81% of cases, with mycosis fungoides and Burkitt's lymphoma being the other two most common. After adjusting for baseline characteristics, women with PANHL were more likely to have pre-eclampsia, odds ratio (OR) 1.57 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.06-2.32), cesarean section, OR 1.37 (95%CI 1.13-1.67), preterm births OR 2.50 (95%CI 1.94-3.22), postpartum blood transfusions, OR 2.73 (2.10-3.55), and infectious morbidity, OR 2.81 (95%CI 1.16-6.79). Maternal and fetal mortality rates were significantly increased among women with PANHL. Conclusion The incidence of PANHL is increasing and is associated with an increased risk of maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality, and as such, women with PANHL may best be managed in specialized centers.
Links between maternal health and NCDs; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and maternal health are closely linked. NCDs such as diabetes, obesity and hypertension have a significant adverse impact on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes, and through the mechanism of intrauterine programming maternal health impacts the burden of NCDs in future generations. The cycle of vulnerability to NCDs is repeated with increasing risk accumulation in subsequent generations. This article discusses the impact, interlinkages and advocates for integration of services for maternal and child health, NCD care and prevention and health promotion to sustainably improve maternal health as well address the rising burden of NCDs.
Maternal health issues and cardio-metabolic outcomes in the offspring: A focus on Indigenous populations; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs) including diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease are the leading causes of death worldwide. Indigenous populations are disproportionally affected. In an effort to halt the increasing disease burden, the mechanisms underlying the increasing rate of NCDs are an important area of study. Recent evidence has focused on the perinatal period as an influential period impacting the future cardio-metabolic health of the offspring. This concept has been defined as metabolic foetal programming and supports the importance of the developmental origins of health and disease in research and clinical practice, specifically in prevention efforts to protect future generations from NCDs. An understanding of the underlying mechanisms involved is not clear as of yet. However, an understanding of these mechanisms is imperative in order to plan effective intervention strategies. As much of the discussion below is gleaned from large epidemiological studies and animal studies, further research with prospective cohorts is necessary.
Thyroid diseases during pregnancy: A number of important issues; The most common thyroid diseases during pregnancy are hyper- and hypothyroidism and their variants including isolated hypothyroxinemia (hypo-T 4), autoimmune thyroid disease (AITD) and different types of goiter. AITD represents the main cause of hypothyroidism during pregnancy ranging in prevalence between 5 and 20% with an average of 7.8%. The incidence of isolated hypo-T4 is about 150 times higher compared to congenital hypothyroidism. Prevalence of Graves’ disease (GD) ranges between 0.1% and 1% and the Transient Gestational Hyperthyroidism Syndrome between 1 and 3%. Thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) is a sensitive marker of thyroid dysfunction during pregnancy. Normal values have been modified recently with a downward shift. Thus, the upper normal range is now considered to be 2.5 mUI/mL in the first trimester and 3.0 mUI/mL for the remainder of pregnancy. Most studies have shown that children born to women with hypothyroidism during gestation had significantly lower scores in neuropsychological tests related to intelligence, attention, language, reading ability, school performance and visual motor performance. However, some studies have not confirmed these findings. On the other hand, multiple retrospective studies have shown that the risks of maternal and fetal/neonatal complications are directly related to the duration and inadequate control of maternal thyrotoxicosis. The latter is associated with a risk of spontaneous abortion, congestive heart failure, thyrotoxic storm, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, low birth weight and stillbirth. Despite the lack of consensus among professional organizations, recent studies, which are based on sophisticated analyses, support universal screening in all pregnant women in the first trimester for thyroid diseases.
Fetal and maternal effects of vitamin D; Since in the early 1900s, the relationship between vitamin D and human health was discovered which led to a cure for rickets. In recent years, studies suggest that besides the rickets, vitamin D deficiency may also have an important role in the development of some clinical situations such as diabetes, coronary heart disease, psoriasis, multiple sclerosis and tuberculosis. In addition, many studies showed that the maternal vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy influence the development of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, periodontal diseases and for fetal or childhood periods there is a significant impact on the development of the skeletal, respiratory and the central nervous systems. In recent years, light of these studies, the knowledge about the vitamin D has been updated and multiple vitamin D supplementation programs has been applied through the definition of "subclinical vitamin D deficiency" and their effects on the non-skeletal system. In many countries, it has been emphasized that vitamin D supplementation should be given to women, especially in the last trimester of pregnancy. However, in developing countries, the presence of vitamin D deficiency continues to be a huge public health problem. In this case, all physicians, especially pediatricians, obstetricians and family physicians should be alert to this important issue.
Beneficial effects of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in gestational diabetes: Consequences in macrosomia and adulthood obesity; Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) are increasingly being used to prevent cardiovascular diseases, including diabetes and obesity. In this paper, we report data on the observed effects of omega-3 PUFA on major metabolic disorders and immune system disruption during gestational diabetes and their consequences on macrosomia. While controversies still exist about omega-3 PUFA effects on antioxidant status regarding the level of omega-3 PUFA in diet supplementation, their lipid-lowering effects are unanimously recognized by researchers. Animal studies have shown that omega-3 PUFA contributes to the maintenance of the immune defense system by promoting the differentiation of T helper (Th) cell to a Th2 phenotype in diabetic pregnancy and by shifting the Th1/Th2 ratio from a deleterious proinflammatory Th1 phenotype to a protective anti-inflammatory Th2 phenotype in macrosomia and in adulthood obesity that results from macrosomia at birth. Based on the available evidence, international nutritional and food agencies recommend administration of omega-3 PUFA as triglyceride-lowering agents, for the prevention of cardiovascular disease risk and during human pregnancy and lactation. Furthermore, studies targeting humans are still required to explore application of the fatty acids as supplement in the management of gestational diabetes and inflammatory and immune diseases.
The (Pulsed-Wave) doppler fetal myocardial performance index: Technical challenges, clinical applications and future research; Functional cardiovascular assessment is becoming an increasingly important tool in the study of fetal pathology. The myocardial performance index (MPI) is a parameter measuring global myocardial function. Since its introduction, several studies have proposed methods to improve its reproducibility and have constructed normative reference ranges. Fetal heart evaluation using the MPI is technically challenging, requiring specific training and expertise, and a consensus has yet to be reached on the method of delineating the time periods used to calculate the index. Despite these limitations, it has been shown to be a useful and highly sensitive parameter of dysfunction in a number of fetal pathologies. Further research is warranted into the effect of pathology on MPI, parameters of unilateral cardiac strain that utilise MPI, and automation of the MPI to encourage incorporation of the MPI as a useful tool in clinical practice.
Eosinophilic/T-cell chorionic vasculitis: Histological and clinical correlations; Eosinophilic T-cell chorionic vasculitis (E/TCV) is composed of eosinophils and T-lymphocytes originating within chorionic vessels, radiating toward the intervillous space and away from the amnion in a fashion different from the fetal vascular response seen in amnionitis. Clinical significance and risk factors are not well established. We report four pregnancies (five infants, one triplet was spared) with E/TCV, gestational ranging from 23 weeks to term. All had concurrent acute chorioamnionitis, three had the typical acute fetal inflammatory response. One had placental fetal obstructive vasculopathy and an upper extremity reduction defect (radio-ulnar synostosis), the mother had pre-eclampsia. A second case involved 2 of 3 23 week previable triplets. Our third case had a metatarsus varus resistant to casting, the mother had gestational diabetes. The last case was a normal infant. We review the literature, discuss the clinical findings and present the histologic characteristics of this infrequently recognized lesion.
Advances in fetal therapy; The specialty of fetal medicine has benefited from advances in technology in recent years, improving maternal and fetal outcomes. This review considers four case studies to illustrate some of the challenging and complex pregnancies that present to this field of medicine. They demonstrate how evolving research has led to new therapies that are becoming more widely available. Appropriate case selection is a priority; risks and benefits to both mother and fetus require consideration and should be included in patient counselling.
Association between newborn birth weight and the risk of postpartum maternal venous thromboembolism a population-based case-control study; Background - Postpartum venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a potentially fatal and preventable event leading to substantial short- and long-term morbidity. We sought to evaluate whether the delivery of term newborns of low or high birth weight was associated with greater risks of VTE. Methods and Results - In a population-based case-control study conducted in Washington State from 1987 through 2011, cases of hospitalized VTE within 3 months of delivery were identified by using selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification codes. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched on birth year. Birth weight and other maternal and pregnancy characteristics were extracted from birth certificate data. Among term live singleton deliveries, we compared the risk of VTE for mothers of newborns of low and high birth weights (<2500 g and >4000 g, respectively) versus mothers of newborns of normal birth weight (2500-4000 g). Logistic regression models were adjusted for maternal age, race, education, body mass index, parity, delivery methods, gestational length, smoking, gestational diabetes mellitus, and preeclampsia. Patients with VTE (n=547) were older, had a higher body mass index, and experienced more pregnancy-related complications than controls (n=9482). In comparison with mothers of newborns with normal birth weight, mothers of newborns with low birth weight had a 3-fold increased risk of VTE, which persisted after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 2.98; 95% confidence interval, 1.80-4.93). Mothers of newborns with high birth weight had only a slightly increased risk of VTE, which was attenuated after multivariable adjustment (odds ratio, 1.26; 95% confidence interval, 0.99-1.61). Conclusions - The delivery of a newborn with low birth weight is associated with a 3-fold increased risk of maternal postpartum VTE. This should be considered when assessing VTE risk at delivery.
Bazedoxifene blocks ages-rage-induced superoxide generation and MCP-1 level in endothelial cells; Advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) and their receptor (RAGE) play a role in vascular complications in diabetes. We have previously shown that 17 β-estradiol at 10 nmol/l, a nearly identical plasma concentration to that during mid-pregnancy, up-regulates RAGE expression in endothelial cells. The finding might suggest the involvement of 17 β-estradiol in the deterioration of vascular complications in diabetes during pregnancy. However, the effects of the selective estrogen receptor modulator, bazedoxifene, on oxidative and inflammatory reactions in AGEs-exposed endothelial cells remain unknown. In this study, we addressed the issue. Ten nmol/l 17 β-estradiol increased RAGE and monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1) gene and protein expression in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), both of which were blocked by 10 nmol/l bazedoxifene. Bazedoxifene at 10 nmol/l also significantly inhibited the AGEs-induced superoxide generation, RAGE and MCP-1 gene and protein expression in HUVECs. The present study suggests that blockade of the AGEs - RAGE axis by bazedoxifene might be a novel therapeutic target for preventing vascular damage in diabetes, especially in postmenopausal women.
Effect of fertility and infertility on longevity; Changing demographic trends and projections of the survival and fertility rates of each generation have been a topic of great interest to not only demographers and epidemiologists but also to evolutionary biologists and reproductive endocrinologists. Compelling evolutionary theories suggest that there is an inverse association between fertility and longevity. Multiple historic, demographic, and current studies have since been conducted to test this theory, but the results have been inconclusive. The average number of children born to each woman has been declining progressively in developed countries during recent decades. This is in part due to changes in the behavior of couples but also to environmental factors. While improved accessibility to assisted reproductive technology can relieve some of the burden of infertility on these couples and lessen the problem of low total fertility rates in many developed countries, it is not enough to overcome the overall decrease in total fertility rates that we have witnessed in recent decades. This article critically reviews some important studies and provides an overview of this ongoing debate, while highlighting the relevance of trying to understand the possible mechanisms that may link fertility and infertility to longevity.
Maternal Hyperglycemia Directly and Rapidly Induces Cardiac Septal Overgrowth in Fetal Rats; Cardiac septal overgrowth complicates 10-40% of births from diabetic mothers, but perplexingly hyperglycemia markers during pregnancy are not reliably predictive. We thus tested whether fetal exposure to hyperglycemia is sufficient to induce fetal cardiac septal overgrowth even in the absence of systemic maternal diabetes. To isolate the effects of hyperglycemia, we infused glucose into the blood supply of the left but not right uterine horn in nondiabetic pregnant rats starting on gestational day 19. After 24 h infusion, right-sided fetuses and dams remained euglycemic while left-sided fetuses were moderately hyperglycemic. Echocardiograms in utero demonstrated a thickened cardiac septum among left-sided (glucose-exposed, 0.592 ± 0.016 mm) compared to right-sided (control, 0.482 ± 0.016 mm) fetuses. Myocardial proliferation was increased 1.5 ± 0.2-fold among left-sided compared to right-sided fetuses. Transcriptional markers of glucose-derived anabolism were not different between sides. However, left-sided fetuses exhibited higher serum insulin and greater JNK phosphorylation compared to controls. These results show that hyperglycemic exposure is sufficient to rapidly induce septal overgrowth even in the absence of the myriad other factors of maternal diabetes. This suggests that even transient spikes in glucose may incite cardiac overgrowth, perhaps explaining the poor clinical correlation of septal hypertrophy with chronic hyperglycemia.
Effects of medical co-morbidities on severe maternal morbidities in China: A multicenter clinic register study; Objective To investigate the incidence of severe maternal morbidities (SMM) in China and explore effects of medical co-morbidities on SMM. Design Proactive multicenter clinic register collaboration. Setting Data on all deliveries at eight hospitals in Sichuan province, China, collected from 1 January 2009 to 12 December 2010. Population 33 993 delivering women and 34 547 live births. Methods We defined SMM as a combination indicator of severe maternal complications, critical interventions, admission to the intensive care unit and maternal near-miss instances. We randomly selected 80% of the data from the entire database to build a logistic regression model. The remaining 20% were used to test the predictive power of the model. Main outcome measures SMM incidence, adjusted odds ratios (aORs), and area under a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. Results Severe maternal morbidities incidence was 43.4/1000 live births [confidence interval (CI) 41.24-45.56]. Fifteen variables were independent contributors to the model. Seven medical co-morbidities significantly affected the occurrence of SMM, including iron-deficiency anemia (aOR 3.07, CI 2.47-3.83) and other hematological diseases (aOR 5.82, CI 3.50-9.69), hepatitis-B virus infection (aOR 1.48, CI 1.12-1.97) and other hepatic diseases (aOR 3.81, CI 1.61-9.04), cardiopathy (aOR 3.59, CI 2.62-4.93), hypertension (aOR 5.23, CI 4.06-6.75), and respiratory diseases (aOR 2.10, CI 1.25-3.52). The area under the ROC curve was 0.8127. Conclusions The incidence of SMM was typical of a low resource area. There is a need to identify medical co-morbidities and to adopt prophylactic measures and interventions.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and cancer, immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases: A population-based cohort study; Background & Aims: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy. It is associated with hepatobiliary diseases that might predispose to cancer and also with gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. In this study, we examined associations between ICP and cancer, and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases. Methods: By linking the Swedish Medical Birth Register and the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP and 113,893 matched womenwithout ICP who gave birth between 1973 and 2009. Diagnoses of cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases both before and after delivery were obtained from the Patient Register. The main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs), calculated through Cox regression, for the indicated diseases after delivery. Results: ICP was not associated with later overall cancer (HR 1.07, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.94-1.21), but it was associated with later liver and biliary tree cancer (HR 3.61, 95% CI 1.68-7.77, and 2.62, 95% CI 1.26-5.46, respectively). ICP was also associated with later immune-mediated diseases (HR 1.28, 95% CI 1.19-1.38), and specifically diabetes mellitus (HR 1.47, 95% CI 1.26-1.72), thyroid disease (HR 1.30, 95% CI 1.14-1.47), psoriasis (HR 1.27, 95% CI 1.07-1.51), inflammatory polyarthropathies (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.58) and Crohn's disease (HR 1.55, 95% CI 1.14-2.10), but not ulcerative colitis (HR 1.21, 95% CI 0.93-1.58). Women with ICP also had a small increased risk of later cardiovascular disease (HR 1.12, 95% CI 1.06-1.19). Conclusions:Women with ICP have increased risk of later hepatobiliary cancer and immune-mediated and cardiovascular diseases.
Alteration of the fetal heart rate pattern induced by the use of clozapine during pregnancy; Patients treated with clozapine show autonomic dysregulation and cardiac repolarisation changes. As clozapine crosses the placenta, it could have an impact on the fetus heart rate. We reported a case of reduction of the fetal heart rate variability in a patient treated with clozapine during her pregnancy. This anomaly disappeared with fetal maturation and it did not jeopardize the fetal well-being. This side effect had already been described and pharmacologists and obstetricians should be aware that clozapine may be responsible for these fetal heart rate alterations.
Comparison of neonatal outcomes in macrosomic infants of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers; OBJECTIVE: To compare the neonatal outcomes in macrosomic term infants of diabetic mothers and non-diabetic mothers. METHODS: This is a retrospective survey of all live-born term singletons with a birth weight ≥4000 g, admitted at Tianjin Medical University General Hospital between 2010 and 2013. Data collected for the mothers included age, parity, gestational age, method of glycemic control and mode of delivery. Data for the infants included sex, birth weight, birth length, duration of hospital stay and laboratory tests. Outcomes were compared between infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) and infants of non-diabetic mothers (Non-IDMs). All data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) 17.0. RESULTS: One hundred and eleven infant-mother pairs met the inclusion criteria. Fifty-seven were IDMs while 54 were non-IDMs. Seven (12.28%) of the IDMs were delivered vaginally while 50 (87.72%) were delivered via Caesarian section (CS). Seventeen (31.48%) of the non-IDMs were delivered vaginally while 37 (68.51%) were delivered by CS. Respiratory distress was the most common morbidity affecting 52.6% of the IDMs and 40.7% of the non-IDMs. Hyperbilirubinemia was observed in 49.1% of the IDMs and 14.8% of the non-IDMs. Hypoglycemia affected 38.6% of the IDMs and 7.4% of the non-IDMs. Cardiac enzymes were higher in IDMs than in non-IDMs. On average, IDMs had a longer duration of hospital stay. CONCLUSION: Macrosomic IDMs in comparison to macrosomic non-IDMs are at an increased risk for adverse neonatal outcomes.
Metabolomics for Biomarker Discovery: Moving to the Clinic; To improve the clinical course of diseases, more accurate diagnostic and assessment methods are required as early as possible. In order to achieve this, metabolomics offers new opportunities for biomarker discovery in complex diseases and may provide pathological understanding of diseases beyond traditional technologies. It is the systematic analysis of low-molecular-weight metabolites in biological samples and has become an important tool in clinical research and the diagnosis of human disease and has been applied to discovery and identification of the perturbed pathways. It provides a powerful approach to discover biomarkers in biological systems and offers a holistic approach with the promise to clinically enhance diagnostics. When carried out properly, it could provide insight into the understanding of the underlying mechanisms of diseases, help to identify patients at risk of disease, and predict the response to specific treatments. Currently, metabolomics has become an important tool in clinical research and the diagnosis of human disease and becomes a hot topic. This review will highlight the importance and benefit of metabolomics for identifying biomarkers that accurately screen potential biomarkers of diseases.
Exercise training before surgical revascularisation-influence on short term outcomes; Cardiovascular rehabilitation (CVR) is usually not performed or is interrupted before coronary artery By-pass graft (CABG) interventions. To assess the influence of exercise training prior to surgery on perioperative complications and short term prognosis. We studied 106 patients (P), all included in rehabilitation programs in a specialized clinic. Over a period of 8 years progression of coronary heart disease (CHD) led to indication for CABG. The events leading to CABG indications were reappearance of anginal episodes (61) and/or subclinical heart failure, newly detected by echocardiography and BNP levels. Patients with more than 1,5 fold increase of cardiac necrosis enzymes were excluded. The control group (Co) consisted of 66P who interrupted CVR 6wk. to 6 mo. prior to surgery. The study group (St) consisted of 40 P who continued mild exercise similar to phase I and II post acute myocardial infarction. Except for gender differences (more females in Co, p=0,03) the groups were matched in starting parameters. We followed perioperative complications, ICU stay, hospitalization period, mortality and CHD complications at a 6 mo. follow up, before engaging in phase III CVR. The study group showed significant decrease in thromboembolic events (p<0,01), depression scores (p<0,01) and respiratory complications (p=0,03), leading to fewer complications during hospital stay (p=0,02) and shorter ICU stay (p=0,02). Effort capacity was better in the study group at discharge (6 MWT, p<0,01). However, at 6 mo. follow up these advantages disappeared, with no differences in mortality, CHD complications or effort capacity. Exercise training was safe before CABG, led to decreased perioperative complications, shorter hospital stay, lowering costs. However, no clear benefit was noted anymore at 6 months.
The risk of gestational diabetes mellitus following bereavement: A cohort study from Denmark and Sweden; Background We investigated whether bereavement of a close family member - a source of severe psychological stress exposure - the year before pregnancy is associated with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods We studied pregnant women with livebirths in Denmark during 1994-2008 and with births in Sweden during 1987-2006 (n-=-2-569-446). We obtained data on death of women's parents, siblings, and older children, and on demographic and health- and pregnancy-related factors through linkage between nationwide registers. Results In multivariable models, death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a 14% increased odds of GDM [95% confidence intervals (CIs) 1.03, 1.26]. The odds ratios corresponding to the loss of a child, parent, and sibling were 1.51 (95% CI: 1.17, 1.95), 1.12 (95% CI: 1.00, 1.25), and 0.68 (95% CI: 0.40, 1.25), respectively. Deaths due to cardiovascular diseases or diabetes were more closely related to the risk of GDM than other types of deaths. We found no association between unnatural deaths and the risk of GDM. Conclusions Death of a close relative the year before pregnancy was associated with a modestly increased GDM risk. Our findings according to the relative's cause of death suggest that differences in screening for GDM among exposure groups and residual confounding by familial factors related to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases may have contributed to this association. If there is a causal stress effect on GDM in this predominantly Nordic population, it is most likely small.
Increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease after diabetes gravidarum; Objective To determine the longterm risk of developing type II diabetes (T2D) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) for women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Design Systematic review and metaanalysis. Method Two search strategies were used in PubMed and Embase to determine the longterm risks of developing T2D and CVD after a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. After critical appraisal of the papers found, 11 papers were included, involving a total of 328,423 patients. Absolute and relative risks (RRs) were calculated. Results Eight studies (n=276,829) reported on the longterm risk of T2D and 4 (n=141,048) on the longterm risk of CVD. Followup ranged from 3.5 to 11.5 years for T2D and from 1.2 to 74.0 years for CVD. Women with gestational diabetes had a risk of T2D varying between 9.5% and 37.0% and a risk of CVD of between 0.28% and 15.5%. Women with gestational diabetes were at increased risk of T2D (weighted RR: 13.2 95% CI: 8.520.7) and CVD (weighted RR: 2.0 95% CI: 1.13.7) compared to women without gestational diabetes. Conclusion Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus have a significantly increased risk of developing T2D and CVD. It is very important that gestational diabetes is recognised as a cardiovascular risk factor in daily practice. It would be desirable to screen this group of women for the presence of hyperglycaemia and other cardiovascular risk factors. Further research is required to be able to specify the longterm risk of T2D and CVD and to demonstrate whether such screening is costeffective. Conflict of interest: none declared. Financial support: none declared.
Pregnancy in women with solid-organ transplants: A review; Importance Advances in solid-organ transplantation have allowed many women to reach reproductive potential, and pregnancy is no longer a rarity for these women. Objective To identify (1) potential complications to allograft function posed by pregnancy, (2) expected perinatal outcomes in women with solid-organ transplants, (3) risks of potential immunosuppressant regimens, (4) safety of lactation, and (5) contraceptive options for women with solid-organ transplants. Evidence Acquisition Single-center, registry data, and previous systematic reviews were evaluated in women with solid-organ transplants to identify the objectives of this review. In addition, recommendations from public health organizations were examined in regard to safety of medications and contraceptive methods. Results Women with solid-organ transplants are at risk for premature birth, low birth weight, cesarean delivery, and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy. Most immunosuppressant regimens are safe; however, mycophenolate mofetil should be avoided. Lactation with tacrolimus, cyclosporine, azathioprine, and prednisone appears safe. Long-acting reversible contraceptive methods are safe and effective for transplant recipients. Conclusions Many successful pregnancies have been achieved in women following transplantation; however, optimal perinatal outcomes require stable allograft function. Relevance As more women are becoming pregnant after organ transplantation, a review of obstetric recommendations and perinatal outcome is warranted. Target Audience Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physicians Learning Objectives After completing the activity, the learner should be better able to: identify potential maternal and neonatal complications in women undergoing pregnancy following solid-organ transplantation; explain the important preconceptual considerations for the female transplant recipient; identify potential fetal risk of immunosuppressive regimens and optimal therapy prior to conception; assess the relative compatibility of certain immunosuppressive medications with breast-feeding; recommend safe and effective contraception to the transplant recipient.
Pregnancy associated with melanoma and fetal anomalies: A case report and review of literature; The estimated incidence of melanoma complicating pregnancy has ranged from 0.1 to 2.8 per 1, 000 pregnancies. Here the Authors present a case of a 40-year-old pregnant woman, who was admitted to the Clinic of Obstetrics and Gynaecology in 26 weeks of gestation, with diagnosis of melanoma and suspected with fetal anomaly, as possible bowel obstruction, and polyhydraminos. The melanoma was asported with a wide local excision under local anesthesia. Histological evaluation revealed melanoma Stage lb (Clark IV, Breslow thickness 1.2 mm, pT2a). Lymph node sonography of neck, axilla, inguinum, abdomen, and pelvis as well as chest radiography did not demonstrate any evidence of metastatic disease. After vaginal delivery at 37 weeks of gestation, the female preterm hypotrophic newborn was transferred to the Institute for Neonatology and underwent resection of duodenojejunal atresia with tapering duodenoplasty and duodenojejunal termino-terminal anastomoses due to intestinal obstruction. No evidence of the melanoma was found in the placenta. Two years later the child was healthy and the mother was disease-free.
Pregnancy Risks Associated with Obesity; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of pregnant women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with numerous poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, postterm pregnancy, and increased rates of cesarean delivery. Many of these complications have been found to increase even further with increasing body mass index in a dose-response fashion. In this review, the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes is discussed as are the recommendations for caring for the obese gravida.
Cord blood as diagnostic window for preeclampsia; Preeclampsia is a multisystem disorder, pathophysiology of which is still not clear. It is one of the leading causes of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Epigenetic programing is altered during fetal life and postnatal period and after birth, this sceniaro is changed to metabolic disorders of metabolic syndrome complex and this may contribute to future risk of hypertension, DM2, and cardiovascular disease. During (normal and abnormal) gestations, complex physiological changes occur in maternal blood. For studying next generation diagnostic biomarkers for maternal-fetal interface, it is essential to explore the protein changes in maternal serum during healthy gestation. Umbilical cord blood (UCB) is in contact with all the fetal tissues and can reflect both normal physiological as well as pathological states of the fetus. UCB can be compared with adult blood and the diagnostic potential of UCB still remains to be tapped. UCB will be a potential diagnostic medium in future in assessing infant health. Also, UCB can aid in detection and identification of candidate biomarkers for various disease pathways and it can be of help in assessing the existing or future adverse effects. Patents are available for biomarkers in preeclampsia and fewer patents are reported in UCB. Future studies will further uncover the diagnostic value of the umbilical cord blood in human physiology and pathology.
Prematurity, smallness-for-gestational age and later hospital admissions: A nation-wide registry study; Introduction: Being born premature or small for gestational age (SGA) is known to be associated with diseases later in life, such as gestational diabetes, hypertension and pre-eclampsia. In this study we examined the association between being born premature or SGA and all diseases diagnosed during hospital admissions later in life. Methods: Using Danish nation-wide registries we created a cohort of 1,348,106 persons born 1974-1996 and assessed all unique diagnoses registered in the Danish Patient Registry (DPR) for hospital admissions in the period 1994-2007 (n = 27,910,558). We determined the odds ratios for persons born premature or SGA using multivariate logistic regression. Results: A total of 15,059 unique ICD-10 diagnosis codes were represented in the period. Only diagnoses used at least 100 times were included in the analysis (n = 4175). Of these 838 showed an odds ratio that was statistically significantly different from unity for people born premature or SGA. After correcting for multiple testing, 250 remained significant. The diagnoses covered diseases in most organ systems, including cardiovascular, endocrinological, infectious, neurological/neurosurgical, obstetric, orthopedic, psychiatric, lung & urological diseases, and occurred throughout childhood and early adulthood. Novel findings included increased risks for delayed puberty, neurofibromatosis type 1 and ileus and decreased risks of mononucleosis, peritonsillar abscesses, chronic hypothyroidism and several types of fractures and contusions later in life. Conclusion: Being born premature or SGA was associated with significantly altered risks of being admitted to a hospital with a wide range of diseases later in life, affecting almost all organ systems throughout childhood and early adulthood. Our findings may motivate testing in other cohorts and search for novel mechanisms of pathogenesis.
Reducing morbidity and mortality among pregnant obese; Obesity is increasing; in the UK, almost 20% of pregnant women have a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m2. Obese mothers have increased risks of pregnancy complications including miscarriage, congenital anomaly, gestational diabetes, preeeclampsia, macroe somia, induction of labour, caesarean section, anaesthetic and surgical complications, postepartum haemorrhage, infection and venous thromboembolism. Complications tend to be greater in those with the highest BMIs. In recent triennia, obesity (27-29%) was overerepresented in maternal mortality figures. Strategies to reduce morbidity and mortality include calculating BMI at booking visit to identify obese mothers and plan their antenatal care and delivery. This should include nutritional and lifestyle advice, screening for gestational diabetes and preeeclampsia, thromboembolism risk assessment, antenatal anaesthetic review if BMI is ≥ 40 kg/m2, ensuring availability of robust theatre tables and other equipment and involving senior doctors, especially in the labour ward. Afterwards, continuing weight reduction should be encouraged to reduce future pregnancy and health risks.
Metabolic disorder of pregnancy (understanding pathophysiology of diabetes and preeclampsia); The role of insulin resistance in human disease is implicated in the pathogenesis of some of the chief western chronic diseases: ischemic heart disease, type 2 diabetes mellitus, and essential hypertension. The occurrence of these diseases, alongside obesity, is termed the metabolic syndrome. Pregnancy is normally attended by progressive insulin resistance that begins near mide pregnancy and progresses through the third trimester to levels that approximate the insulin resistance seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia may be the basic common ground for the metabolic syndrome of pregnancy e elevated blood pressure and diabetes mellitus. Moreover, the metabolic syndrome is also associated with endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and attenuated inflammatory responses. In this review, we discuss the development of insulin resistance during pregnancy, hormones and newly discovered factors associated with insulin resistance and secretion, lipid metabolism, and the pathogenesis of hypertension during pregnancy.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular risk factor management; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is the leading health threat to American women. In addition to establish risk factors for hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes, smoking, and obesity, adverse pregnancy outcomes (APOs) including pre-eclampsia, eclampsia, and gestational diabetes are now recognized as factors that increase a woman's risk for future CVD. CVD risk factor burden is disproportionately higher in those of low socioeconomic status and in ethnic/racial minority women. Since younger women often use their obstetrician/gynecologist as their primary health provider, this is an opportune time to diagnose and treat CVD risk factors early. Embedding preventive care providers such as nurse practitioners or physician assistants within OB/GYN practices can be considered, with referral to family medicine or internist for ongoing risk assessment and management. The American Heart Association (AHA)/American Stroke Association (ASA) stroke prevention guidelines tailored to women recommend that women with a history of pre-eclampsia can be evaluated for hypertension and other CVD risk factors within 6 months to 1-year post-partum. Given the burden and impact of CVD on women in our society, the entire medical community must work to establish feasible practice and referral patterns for assessment and treatment of CVD risk factors.
Effect of Advanced Glycation End Products on Human Thyroglobulin's Antigenicity as Identified by the Use of Sera from Patients with Hashimoto's Thyroiditis and Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; Advanced glycation end products (AGEs) are formed on proteins after exposure to high concentrations of glucose and modify protein's immunogenicity. Herein, we investigated whether the modification of thyroglobulin (Tg) by AGEs influences its antigenicity and immunogenicity. Human Tg was incubated in vitro with increasing concentrations of D-glucose-6-phosphate in order to produce Tgs with different AGE content (AGE-Tg). Native Tg and AGE-Tgs were used in ELISA to assess the serum antibody reactivity of two patient groups, pregnant women with gestational diabetes (GDM), and patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis (HT). We produced in vitro AGE-Tg with low and high AGE content, 13 and 49 AGE units/mg Tg, respectively. All HT patients' sera presented the same antibody reactivity profile against native Tg and AGE-Tgs, indicating that the modification of Tg by AGEs did not alter its antigenicity. Similarly, the GDM patients' sera did not discriminate among the two forms of Tg, native or artificially glycated, suggesting that the modification of Tg by AGEs might not alter its immunogenicity. The modification of Tg by AGEs has no obvious effect on neither its antigenicity nor, most likely, its immunogenicity. It seems that other Tg modifications might account for the production of aTgAbs in patients with GDM.
Atrioventricular block during fetal life; Congenital complete atrioventricular (AV) block occurs in approximately 1 in 20,000 live births and is known to result in significant mortality and morbidity both during fetal life and postnatally. Complete AV block can occur as a result of an immune or a non-immune mediated process. Immune mediated AV block is a multifactorial disease, but is associated with the trans-placental passage of maternal autoantibodies (anti-Ro/SSA and/or anti-La/SSB). These autoantibodies attach to and subsequently damage the cardiomyocytes and conduction tissue in susceptible fetuses. In this report, we examine the evidence in reference to means of assessment, pathophysiology, and potential prenatal therapy of atrioventricular block.
Intraabdominal fat, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular risk factors in postpartum women with a history of preeclampsia; Objective Women who develop preeclampsia have a higher risk of future cardiovascular disease and diabetes compared to women who have uncomplicated pregnancies. We hypothesized that women with prior preeclampsia would have increased visceral adiposity that would be a major determinant of their metabolic and cardiovascular risk factors. Study Design We compared intraabdominal fat (IAF) area, insulin sensitivity index (S<inf>I</inf>), fasting lipids, low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate, and brachial artery flow-mediated dilatation in 49 women with prior preeclampsia and 22 controls who were at least 8 months postpartum and matched for age, parity, body mass index, and months postpartum. Women were eligible if they did not smoke tobacco, use hormonal contraception, have chronic hypertension, or have a history of gestational diabetes. Results The groups were similar for age (mean ± SD: prior preeclampsia 33.4 ± 6.6 vs control 34.6 ± 4.3 years), parity (median: 1 for both), body mass index (26.7 ± 5.9 vs 24.0 ± 7.3 kg/m<sup>2</sup>), and months postpartum (median [25th-75th percentile]: 16 [13-38] vs 16.5 [13-25]). There were no significant differences in IAF area and S<inf>I</inf>. Despite this, women with preeclampsia had lower high-density lipoprotein (46.0 ± 10.7 vs 51.3 ± 9.3 mg/dL; P <.05), smaller/denser low-density lipoprotein relative flotation rate (0.276 ± 0.022 vs 0.289 ± 0.016; P =.02), higher systolic (114.6 ± 10.9 vs 102.3 ± 7.5 mm Hg) and diastolic (67.6 ± 7.5 vs 60.9 ± 3.6 mm Hg; P <.001) blood pressures, and impaired flow-mediated dilatation (4.5 [2-6.7] vs 8.8 [4.5-9.1] percent change, P <.05) compared to controls. In a subgroup analysis, women with nonsevere preeclampsia (n = 17) had increased IAF (98.3 [60.1-122.2]) vs 63.1 [40.1-70.7] cm<sup>2</sup>; P =.02) and decreased S<inf>I</inf> (4.18 [2.43-5.25] vs 5.5 [3.9-8.3] × 10<sup>-5</sup> min<sup>-1</sup>/pmol/L; P =.035) compared to the controls, whereas women with severe preeclampsia (n = 32) were not different for IAF and S<inf>I</inf>. IAF was negatively associated with S<inf>I</inf> and positively associated with cardiovascular risk factors even after adjusting for the matching variables and total body fat. Conclusion Women with prior preeclampsia have an atherogenic lipid profile and endothelial dysfunction compared to matched control subjects despite having similar adiposity and insulin sensitivity, suggesting that there are mechanisms separate from obesity and insulin resistance that lead to their cardiovascular risk factors. Visceral adiposity may have a role in contributing to these risk factors in the subgroup of women who have preeclampsia without severe features.
Perinatal epidemiological risk factors for preeclampsia; In the present study, the impact of the potential perinatal epidemiological factors on preeclampsia development was assessed. This clinical study included 55 pregnant women with preeclampsia and control group of 50 healthy pregnant women. Positive family history of cardiovascular disease, diabetes mellitus or thromboembolic disease was recorded in 50% of women with preeclampsia versus 28% of control group women. Positive personal history of this disease was recorded in 15% of women with preeclampsia, whereas all control group women had negative personal history of preeclampsia. Dietary habits, i.e. the intake of meat and meat products, fruit and vegetables, coffee and alcohol drinks were similar in the two groups, without statistically significant differences. The women with preeclampsia and control women reported comparable habits; there was no difference in the consumption of meat, fruit, vegetables, coffee and alcohol, smoking, use of folate and oral hormonal contraception before pregnancy, or in physical activity as the potential risk factors for preeclampsia in current pregnancy. However, personal and family history of vascular disease proved to be significant risk factors for the occurrence of preeclampsia, emphasizing the need of lifestyle and dietary modifications with healthy dietary habits, while avoiding adverse habits in pregnancy.
Primary hyperparathyroidism in pregnancy - A diagnostic and therapeutic challenge; Hypercalcaemia during pregnancy is uncommon, and mostly associated with primary hyperparathyroidism (pHPT). If unrecognised, it poses a significant risk for the mother and the foetus. Maternal symptoms include: hyperemesis, muscle weakness, pancreatitis, nephrolithiasis, bone disease, mental status changes, and hypercalcaemic crisis. Untreated disease complicates foetal development and foetal death is a significant risk. Our case illustrates the difficulty in detecting pHPT during pregnancy, serious complications connected with severe hypercalcaemia, and difficulties in preparing the patient for surgical treatment. Our review of the medical literature did not identify any previous case of a pregnant woman with hypercalcaemic crisis (total calcium 17 mg/dL, parathyroid hormone 2302 pg/mL), acute pancreatitis caused by pHPT, and with hyperthyroidism, who had undergone a successful surgical treatment.
Pregnancy complications as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease and diabetes; The focus of this article is on the raising of awareness of two pregnancy complications - preeclampsia and gestational diabetes - that might have an impact on women's health not only during pregnancy but also as risk factors of chronic diseases later in life. Although the diagnosis and treatment of these complications are provided by gynaecologists, follow-up of the risk group after pregnancy involves other specialists who should be aware of these risks. According to the current research, women with a history of preeclampsia have almost a fourfold increased risk for cardiovascular disease and a twofold increased risk for diabetes later in life (3, 7). Gestational diabetes increases the risk of diabetes later in life approximately seven times and the risk of cardiovascular disease is increased two times (4). Currently, there are no guidelines on how to prevent cardiovascular disease in women with previous pre-eclampsia or gestational diabetes. However, an increase in the awareness of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes as risk factors for future cardiovascular disease and diabetes can help women make healthier lifestyle choices taht might have long-term benefits (20).
Early recognition of gestational diabetes mellitus - Combination of new guidelines and practice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as "glucose intolerance with onset or first detected during pregnancy" or "impaired carbohydrate tolerance with varying intensity, which is diagnosed during pregnancy and that can either be resolved or not after birth". Pregnancy is a physiological state of insulin resistance (IR), while pancreatic β-cells nonnally increase their insulin secretion (about 30%) to compensate the occurrence of physiological IR. GDM is an islet β-cell failure condition for compensation of insulin resistance. There are various risk factors associated with the development of GDM. It influences the development of the fetus and is associated with increased risk of adverse perinatal outcomes for mother and fetus. After delivery some long-term effects occur affecting again mother and infant. Women with a history of GDM have a higher risk of developing T2D, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases. Children of mothers with a history of GDM have an increased preexposure to obesity and diabetes, and those born with macrosomia are at increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome in childhood. The time before creation of International Association of Diabetes in Pregnancy Study Group-IADPSG) and the lack of a "gold standard" for diagnosis of GDM led to different diagnostic thresholds established and recommended by various organizations in their instructions. In 2011 the American Diabetes Association in its annual Standards of Medical Care in Diabetes first recommended new criteria for diagnosis of GDM. They were extended in 2014 with the possibility of using a "one-step" and "two-step" approach to diagnosis Gestational diabetes.
Can the onset of type 2 diabetes be delayed by a group-based lifestyle intervention in women with prediabetes following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)? Findings from a randomized control mixed methods trial; Objective. To evaluate a 12-week group-based lifestyle intervention programme for women with prediabetes following gestational diabetes (GDM). Design. A two-group, mixed methods randomized controlled trial in which 50 women with a history of GDM and abnormal glucose tolerance postpartum were randomly assigned to intervention (n = 24) or wait control (n = 26) and postintervention qualitative interviews with participants. Main Outcome Measures. Modifiable biochemical, anthropometric, behavioural, and psychosocial risk factors associated with the development of type 2 diabetes. The primary outcome variable was the change in fasting plasma glucose (FPG) from study entry to one-year follow-up. Results. At one-year follow-up, the intervention group showed significant improvements over the wait control group on stress, diet self-efficacy, and quality of life. There was no evidence of an effect of the intervention on measures of biochemistry or anthropometry; the effect on one health behaviour, diet adherence, was close to significance. Conclusions. Prevention programmes must tackle the barriers to participation faced by this population; home-based interventions should be investigated. Strategies for promoting long-term health self-management need to be developed and tested.
Continuous Glucose Monitoring in Type 1 Diabetes Pregnancy Shows that Fetal Heart Rate Correlates with Maternal Glycemia; Background: Much evidence has shown that pregnancies in women with preexisting diabetes are affected by an increased risk of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes, probably linked to poor glycemic control. Despite great progress in medical care, the rate of stillbirths remains much higher in diabetes patients than in the general population. Recent technological advances in the field of glucose monitoring and noninvasive fetal heart rate monitoring made it possible to observe the fetal-maternal dependencies in a continuous manner. Subjects and Methods: Fourteen type 1 diabetes patients were involved into the study and fitted with a blinded continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) recorder. Fetal electrocardiogram data were recorded using the Monica AN24™ device (Monica Healthcare Ltd., Nottingham, United Kingdom), the recordings of which were matched with CGM data. Statistical analysis was performed using a generalized mixed-effect logistic regression to account for individual factors. Results: The mean number of paired data points per patient was 254±106, representing an observation period of 21.2±8.8 h. Mean glycemia equaled 5.64±0.68 mmol/L, and mean fetal heart rate was 135±6 beats/min. Higher glycemia correlated with fetal heart rate (R=0.32; P<0.0001) and was associated with higher odds of the fetus developing small accelerations (odds ratio=1.05; 95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.10; P=0.04). Conclusions: Elevated maternal glycemia of mothers with diabetes is associated with accelerations of fetal heart rate.
The challenge of managing adrenocortical carcinoma: Two case studies; Adrenocortical carcinoma is a rare entity affecting 1-2 people per million. It has a relatively poor prognosis, with an overall 5-year survival of 20-45%. The reasons include a high risk of recurrence following resection and relatively poor response to cytotoxic treatment. The use of the adrenalytic mitotane as adjuvant therapy is supported by level III evidence from cohort studies. In the metastatic setting, one randomized controlled trial provides level II evidence for a three-drug chemotherapy combination of cisplatin, etoposide and doxorubicin, with mitotane (EDP-M). We present two cases of adrenocortical carcinoma and discuss their management in light of the literature supporting the treatments. These cases illustrate the practicalities of management requiring a multidisciplinary team with the oncologist, endocrinologist, surgeon, anesthetist, radiologist and pathologist, all working in collaboration.
Racial Disparities in Heterotaxy Syndrome; Background: Heterotaxy syndrome (HTX) is a constellation of defects including abnormal organ lateralization and often including congenital heart defects. HTX has widely divergent population-based estimates of prevalence, racial and ethnic predominance, and mortality in current literature. Methods: The objective of this study was to use a population-based registry to investigate potential racial and ethnic disparities in HTX. Using the Texas Birth Defects Registry, we described clinical features and mortality of HTX among infants delivered from 1999 to 2006. We calculated birth prevalence and crude prevalence (cPR) ratios for infant sex, maternal diabetes, and sociodemographic factors. Results: A total of 353 HTX cases were identified from 2,993,604 births (prevalence ratio = 1.18 per 10,000 live births. HTX prevalence was approximately 70% higher among infants of Hispanic and non-Hispanic black mothers and 28% higher among female infants (cPR = 1.28; 95% confidence interval,1.04-1.59). There was a twofold higher female preponderance for infants of mothers who were non-Hispanic white or black. Mothers with diabetes were three times more likely to have a child with HTX compared with nondiabetics (cPR = 3.13; 95% confidence interval, 2.12-4.45). Among nondiabetics, HTX cases were 86% more likely to have a Hispanic mother and 72% a non-Hispanic black mother. First-year mortality for live born children with HTX was 30.9%. Conclusion: This study represents one of the largest population-based studies of HTX to date, with a novel finding of higher rates of HTX among Hispanic infants of mostly Mexican origin, as well as among female infants of only non-Hispanic white and black mothers. These findings warrant further investigation.
Risk factors for maternal morbidity in Victoria, Australia: A population-based study; Objectives: The aim of this analysis was to quantify the risk factors associated with maternal morbidity among women in Victoria, Australia, focusing particularly on sociodemographic factors.Design: Case-control analysis. Participants: Data on all maternities in Victoria from 1 January 2006 to 31 December 2008. Methods: A case-control analysis was conducted using unconditional logistic regression to calculate adjusted ORs (aORs). Cases were defined as all women noted to have had a severe complication during the index pregnancy. Severe maternal morbidity was defined by the validated, composite Australian Maternal Morbidity Outcome Indicator. Socioeconomic position was defined by Socio-Economic Indices for Areas (SEIFA), specifically the Index of Relative Socioeconomic Disadvantage (IRSD), and other variables analysed were age, parity, Indigenous background, multiple pregnancy, country of birth, coexisting medical condition, previous caesarean section, spontaneous abortion or ectopic pregnancy. Results: The study population comprised 211 060 women, including 1119 cases of severe maternal morbidity (0.53%). Compared with the highest IRSD quintile, the aOR for the 2nd quintile was 1.23 (95% CI 1.03 to 1.49), 0.98 (95% CI 0.79 to 1.21) for the 3rd quintile, 1.55 (95% CI 1.28 to 1.87) for the 4th and 1.21 (95% CI 1.00 to 1.47) for the lowest (most deprived) quintile. Indigenous status was associated with twice (aOR 2.02; 95% CI 1.32 to 3.09) the odds of being a case. Other risk factors for severe maternal morbidity were age ≥35 years (aOR 1.22; 95% CI 1.04 to 1.44), coexisting medical condition (aOR 1.39; 95% CI 1.16 to 1.65), multiple pregnancy (aOR 2.30; 95% CI 1.71 to 3.10), primiparity (aOR 1.36; 95% CI 1.18 to 1.57), previous caesarean section (aOR 1.79; 95% CI 1.53 to 2.10) and previous spontaneous miscarriage (aOR 1.25; 95% CI 1.08 to 1.44). Conclusions: The findings from Victoria strongly suggest that social disadvantage needs to be acknowledged and further investigated as an independent risk factor for adverse maternal outcomes in Australia and incorporated into appropriate policy planning and healthcare programmes.
Teratogens and congenital heart disease; The antenatal diagnosis of fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) allows for identification of potentially life-threatening conditions that may occur in the early neonatal period. A suspicion of congenital heart disease often occurs during the routine fetal anatomical survey. Subsequently, fetal echocardiography allows for a more detailed assessment of the cardiac lesion that is necessary in order to plan for delivery and postnatal surgical management. To enhance detection of congenital cardiac anomalies, and in particular ones that are potentially serious, it is important for the obstetrical sonographer to have an understanding of potential teratogenic agents associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease.
Hospital admissions due to cyanosis episodes in newborns with gestational age of 34 weeks or more; Objectives: A retrospective study was performed between January 2007 and December 2012 to assess the admission rates of newborns due to episodes of cyanosis Patients and method: Retrospective study that included all the newborns hospitalized with episodes of cyanosis between January 2007 and December 2012. In them were employed two study protocols that considered first and second line tests, the latter in view of recurrence of events. The first line protocol considered general biochemical tests, chest x-ray and echocardiography in selected cases, while the second line protocol included electroencephalogram, electrocardiogram, nuclear magnetic resonance of the brain, expanded metabolic screening, pyruvic acid, lactic acid, and in case of seizures, cytochemical, and culture of cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and PCR (polymerase chain reaction) for herpes. Results: A total of 98 (2.8%) out of 3,454 newborns were admitted due to episodes of cyanosis. Gestational age: 37.8±1.4 weeks, birth weight: 3,145±477g. Maternal age: 32±4.8 years. Disease was present in 19.4% of mothers; gestational diabetes (8.1%), pregnancy induced hypertension (5.1%), intrahepatic cholestasis (3.1%), and intrauterine growth retardation (3.1%). Gender: 48.8% male, 51.2% female (NS). Birth: caesarean section, 68.4%, and vaginal delivery, 31.6%. Age on admission 1.9 ± 1.4 days. Hospital stay: 4.2±4.2 days. First line tests were performed in 100% of patients with 39.8% fulfilling the criteria for second line study. A condition was detected in 21.4%, with convulsive syndrome was the most frequent (33%). Newborns with an identified condition had 3.8±2.7episodes versus 1.5 ± 2,4 in those without diagnosis (NS). A home oxygen monitor was given to 15.4%. There were no re-admissions. Conclusions: Most newborns admitted due to cyanosis are discharged with a condition of unknown origin. In this study, convulsive syndrome was the most frequent cause.
Hypoglycemia in diabetic pregnancy; Pursuing glycemic profiles as close as possible to normal during pregnancy in order to reduce maternal and fetal morbidity exposes diabetic women to a significant increase in the risk of hypoglycemia. Episodes of severe hypoglycemia can occur during pregnancy in 45% of women with type 1 diabetes and 19% with type 2 diabetes. Factors predicting an increased risk of hypoglycemia are a pre-pregnancy history of hypoglycemia, long duration of disease, too restrictive glycemic targets, incorrect adjustment of insulin therapy. In addition, there appears to be an impaired counter-regulatory hormonal response to hypoglycemia in pregnancy. The effects of hypoglycemia on the mother are the same as outside pregnancy (progressive cognitive impairment, coma, convulsions, death), while the effects on the fetus are more controversial. Teratogenic effects were reported but not confirmed by more recent studies and effects on heart rate (acceleration /deceleration) are still debated. The symptoms and treatment of hypoglycemia are the same during and outside pregnancy.
The history of stress hyperglycaemia; Stress hyperglycaemia, is a common phenomenon, frequently associated with adverse outcomes in a number of prevalent conditions including myocardial infarction and stroke. Knowledge on stress hyperglycaemia evolved in tandem with knowledge relating to homeostasis, stress and disease and involved some of the world’s most eminent thinkers. Despite this, it still remains under-recognised. This paper illustrates significant points in the history of stress hyperglycaemia, from antiquity through to the present day, as well as the challenges faced in translating research into clinical benefit for patients. Profiles of significant protagonists including Claude Bernard, Walter Cannon and Hans Seyle are presented, as well their roles in the emergence of modern-day terminology and pathophysiological models. Major themes such as ‘fight or flight’ and homeostasis are central to this discussion. Closer to the present day, the role of stress hyperglycaemia in a number of common medical conditions is explored in more detail. Contention around evidence for treatment and the future risk of diabetes mellitus are also discussed.
Gamma-Glutamyltransferase: A Predictive Biomarker of Cellular Antioxidant Inadequacy and Disease Risk; Gamma-glutamyltransferase (GGT) is a well-established serum marker for alcohol-related liver disease. However, GGT's predictive utility applies well beyond liver disease: elevated GGT is linked to increased risk to a multitude of diseases and conditions, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, metabolic syndrome (MetS), and all-cause mortality. The literature from multiple population groups worldwide consistently shows strong predictive power for GGT, even across different gender and ethnic categories. Here, we examine the relationship of GGT to other serum markers such as serum ferritin (SF) levels, and we suggest a link to exposure to environmental and endogenous toxins, resulting in oxidative and nitrosative stress. We observe a general upward trend in population levels of GGT over time, particularly in the US and Korea. Since the late 1970s, both GGT and incident MetS and its related disorders have risen in virtual lockstep. GGT is an early predictive marker for atherosclerosis, heart failure, arterial stiffness and plaque, gestational diabetes, and various liver diseases, including viral hepatitis, other infectious diseases, and several life-threatening cancers. We review literature both from the medical sciences and from life insurance industries demonstrating that serum GGT is a superior marker for future disease risk, when compared against multiple other known mortality risk factors.
Effects of Light Intensity Activity on CVD Risk Factors: A Systematic Review of Intervention Studies; The effects of light intensity physical activity (LIPA) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors remain to be established. This review summarizes the effects of LIPA on CVD risk factors and CVD-related markers in adults. A systematic search of four electronic databases (PubMed, Academic Search Complete, SPORTDiscus, and CINAHL) examining LIPA and CVD risk factors (body composition, blood pressure, glucose, insulin, glycosylated hemoglobin, and lipid profile) and CVD-related markers (maximal oxygen uptake, heart rate, C-reactive protein, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha, and tumor necrosis factor receptors 1 and 2) published between 1970 and 2015 was performed on 15 March 2015. A total of 33 intervention studies examining the effect of LIPA on CVD risk factors and markers were included in this review. Results indicated that LIPA did not improve CVD risk factors and CVD-related markers in healthy individuals. LIPA was found to improve systolic and diastolic blood pressure in physically inactive populations with a medical condition. Reviewed studies show little support for the role of LIPA to reduce CVD risk factors. Many of the included studies were of low to fair study quality and used low doses of LIPA. Further studies are needed to establish the value of LIPA in reducing CVD risk.
Transient diabetes insipidus in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes insipidus (DI) is a rare complication of pregnancy, usually developing in the third trimester and remitting spontaneously 4–6 weeks post-partum. It is mainly caused by excessive vasopressinase activity, an enzyme expressed by placental trophoblasts which metabolises arginine vasopressin (AVP). Its diagnosis is challenging, and the treatment requires desmopressin. A 38-year-old Chinese woman was referred in the 37th week of her first single-gestation due to polyuria, nocturia and polydipsia. She was known to have gestational diabetes mellitus diagnosed in the second trimester, wellcontrolled with diet. Her medical history was unremarkable. Physical examination demonstrated decreased skin turgor; her blood pressure was 102/63 mmHg, heart rate 78 beats/min and weight 53 kg (BMI 22.6 kg/m2). Laboratory data revealed low urine osmolality 89 mOsmol/kg (350–1000), serum osmolality 293 mOsmol/kg (278–295), serum sodium 144 mmol/l (135–145), potassium 4.1 mmol/l (3.5–5.0), urea 2.2 mmol/l (2.5–6.7), glucose 3.5 mmol/l and HbA1c 5.3%. Bilirubin, alanine transaminase, alkaline phosphatase and full blood count were normal. The patient was started on desmopressin with improvement in her symptoms, and normalisation of serum and urine osmolality (280 and 310 mOsmol/kg respectively). A fetus was delivered at the 39th week without major problems. After delivery, desmopressin was stopped and she had no further evidence of polyuria, polydipsia or nocturia. Her sodium, serum/urine osmolality at 12-weeks post-partum were normal. A pituitary magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) revealed the neurohypophyseal T1-bright spot situated ectopically, with a normal adenohypophysis and infundibulum. She remains clinically well, currently breastfeeding, and off all medication. This case illustrates some challenges in the diagnosis and management of transient gestational DI.
Impact of interpregnancy interval on the subsequent risk of adverse perinatal outcomes; Aim The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of interpregnancy interval as a risk factor on multiple adverse perinatal outcomes. Material and Methods Interpregnancy intervals and confounding factors were determined for healthy pregnancies (controls [n-=-357]) and for pregnancies complicated by adverse perinatal outcomes. Interpregnancy interval was categorized as <6, 6-11, 12-17, 18-23, 24-35 and ≥36-months. Adverse outcomes included spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (n-=-265), preterm premature rupture of membranes (n-=-245), pre-eclampsia (n-=-286), gestational diabetes (n-=-302), abnormal placentation (n-=-154), anemia (n-=-314), congenital anomalies (n-=-459), post-partum hemorrhage (n-=-326) and small for gestational age (n-=-168). Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to assess the association of each outcome with the interpregnancy interval categories. Results Spontaneous labor leading to preterm birth (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.13-1.97), preterm premature rupture of membranes (OR, 1.69; 95%CI, 1.28-2.39), congenital anomalies (OR, 1.38; 95%CI, 1.09-1.76) and small for gestational age (OR, 1.68; 95%CI, 1.14-2.34) were significantly associated with intervals of <6-months. Among congenital anomalies, short interpregnancy interval represents an increased risk for cardiac defects (OR, 1.55; 95%CI, 1.09-5.46), neural tube defects (OR, 2.06; 95%CI, 1.32-7.64) and central nervous system anomalies (OR, 1.45; 95%CI, 1.12-3.65). Conclusion Short interpregnancy interval is an independent risk factor for adverse perinatal outcomes.
Drugs in breast milk; Most drugs appear in breast milk in very small and safe amounts. The obstetric care provider evaluates drug transfer most commonly in the peripartum period, postpartum hospitalization; and they are often consulted when the new mother has a subsequent need for drug therapy. The chapter provides the foundations for the safest decisions for the mother and her breastfed infant. The foundation of safe decisions is accomplished through a review of the physiology of lactation, the lactation pharmacology, and the specific pharmacology and infant safety of drugs common to everyday obstetric practice.
Committee opinion no. 650: Physical activity and exercise during pregnancy and the postpartum period; Physical activity in all stages of life maintains and improves cardiorespiratory fitness, reduces the risk of obesity and associated comorbidities, and results in greater longevity. Physical activity in pregnancy has minimal risks and has been shown to benefit most women, although some modification to exercise routines may be necessary because of normal anatomic and physiologic changes and fetal requirements. Women with uncomplicated pregnancies should be encouraged to engage in aerobic and strength-conditioning exercises before, during, and after pregnancy. Obstetrician-gynecologists and other obstetric care providers should carefully evaluate women with medical or obstetric complications before making recommendations on physical activity participation during pregnancy. Although frequently prescribed, bed rest is only rarely indicated and, in most cases, allowing ambulation should be considered. Regular physical activity during pregnancy improves or maintains physical fitness, helps with weight management, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes in obese women, and enhances psychologic well-being. An exercise program that leads to an eventual goal of moderate-intensity exercise for at least 20-30 minutes per day on most or all days of the week should be developed with the patient and adjusted as medically indicated. Additional research is needed to study the effects of exercise on pregnancy-specific outcomes and to clarify the most effective behavioral counseling methods, and the optimal intensity and frequency of exercise. Similar work is needed to create an improved evidence base concerning the effects of occupational physical activity on maternal-fetal health.
Maternal Morbidities and Occurrence of Intraventricular Hemorrhage in Preterm Infants; Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) is one of the most serious neurological morbidities in preterm infants. Several prenatal, intrapartum, and neonatal risk factors have been detected in different studies. However, maternal conditions that may render the neonates to IVH have been the subject of very few studies. Preterm infants with and without IVH were included in the study, and maternal obstetrics and general health clinical files were reviewed for any kind of morbidity. Data were then analyzed with statistical software to assess the association between maternal conditions and IVH. A total of 115 neonates with IVH and 120 infants without IVH were recruited. Among all maternal conditions, prolonged rupture of membrane (p = 0.00), laparoscopic surgery for infertility (p = 0.001), and in vitro fertilization (IVF) (p = 0.00) increased the risk of IVH in neonates significantly. IVF remained strongly associated with IVH even after controlling for confounding variables (odds ratio: 9.75; confidence interval: 2.66-35.75; p = 0.001). Based on our findings, prolonged rupture of membrane and IVF were maternal conditions that increased the risk of IVH. Laparoscopic surgery for infertility was also associated with an increased risk of IVH.
Perinatal inflammation: A common factor in the early origins of cardiovascular disease?; Cardiovascular disease continues to be the leading cause of global morbidity and mortality. Traditional risk factors account for only part of the attributable risk. The origins of atherosclerosis are in early life, a potential albeit largely unrecognized window of opportunity for early detection and treatment of subclinical cardiovascular disease. There are robust epidemiological data indicating that poor intrauterine growth and/or prematurity, and perinatal factors such as maternal hypercholesterolaemia, smoking, diabetes and obesity, are associated with adverse cardiovascular intermediate phenotypes in childhood and adulthood. Many of these early-life risk factors result in a heightened inflammatory state. Inflammation is a central mechanism in the development of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, but few studies have investigated the role of overt perinatal infection and inflammation (chorioamnionitis) as a potential contributor to cardiovascular risk. Limited evidence from human and experimental models suggests an association between chorioamnionitis and cardiac and vascular dysfunction. Early life inflammatory events may be an important mechanism in the early development of cardiovascular risk and may provide insights into the associations between perinatal factors and adult cardiovascular disease. This review aims to summarise current data on the early life origins of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease, with particular focus on perinatal inflammation.
Sleep Deprivation; Sleep deprivation occurs when inadequate sleep leads to decreased performance, inadequate alertness, and deterioration in health. It is incompletely understood why humans need sleep, although some theories include energy conservation, restoration, and information processing. Sleep deprivation has many deleterious health effects. Residency programs have enacted strict work restrictions because of medically related errors due to sleep deprivation. Because obstetrics is an unpredictable specialty with long irregular hours, enacting a hospitalist program enhances patient safety, decreases malpractice risk, and improves the physician's quality of life by allowing obstetricians to get sufficient rest.
Diabetes mellitus in sub-Saharan Africa: Epidemiological and socioeconomic aspects; Sub-Saharan Africa still characterized by poverty and communicable diseases, inadequate number of infrastructures and healthcare workers, have to tackle the burden of diabetes mellitus. Although the data are insufficient, prevalence and number of cases, estimated respectively at 4.8% and 19.1 million will increase by year 2035 to 5.7% and 41.4 million respectively; an increase of 109% compared to 55% in the rest of the world. The data are poor for type 1 diabetes and gestational diabetes. Nevertheless, ignorance of cases and delays in diagnosis, often linked to some social and cultural particularities, lead to dramatic chronic complications such as retinopathy (7 to 63%), nephropathy (10 to 83%), peripheral neuropathy (27 to 66%) and coronary heart disease (4 to 23%). Morbidity and mortality of diabetes due to these complications result to high costs for patients, families, society. Therefore, sustained and appropriate strategies for treatment and/or prevention of the disease have to be implemented.
Profile of macrosomic babies at a tertiary level hospital; Introduction: Macrosomia is known to be associated with adverse neonatal outcomes. The aim of this study was to estimate the incidence of macrosomia in a tertiary teaching hospital of Nepal based on local intrauterine foetal growth percentile curve according to gestational age, risk factors for morbidity and mortality and neonatal outcome of macrosomia. Materials and Methods: This was a descriptive observational study done on live term macrosomic babies delivered during the study period at KIST Medical College Teaching Hospital, Lalitpur Nepal. The maternal and neonatal records of macrosomic babies were reviewed. All the macrosomic babies were followed up till discharge. Macrosomic babies needing admission into the neonatal care unit were considered as ones with complication. Maternal and neonatal risk factors associated with neonatal complications were analysed. Results: Among total of 2922 live singleton deliveries, 342 (11.7%) babies were macrosomic. The neonatal complications associated with macrosomia were seen in 19.6%. The risk factors significantly associated with neonatal complications were mode of delivery via caesarean section, instrumental delivery and 1 min low Apgar score. Maternal diabetes leading to macrosomia however was seen in only one case. The most common neonatal complications were neonatal sepsis (11.4%), significant hyperbilirubinaemia (2%) and transient tachypnoea of newborn (1.6%). Conclusions: Neonatal sepsis was the major cause of morbidity even in the macrosomic babies. Importance of early interventions for prevention and management of macrosomic babies with neonatal sepsis needs to be emphasized.
Clinical and echocardiographic findings in newborns of diabetic mothers; The aim of the study was to assess the use of echocardiographic measurements in newborns of diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality in pregnancy and in perinatal period. Thirty-five newborns of diabetic mothers (pregestational or gestational diabetes; case group) and thirty-five controls (control group), born between January 2009 and December 2012 in Cluj-Napoca (north-west of Romania), were included in this study. A Logiq e ultrasound with an 8 MHz transducer was used to measure echocardiographic parameters. The interventricular septal thickness in case group was higher as compared with control group (at end systole = 6.61±1.64 mm vs. 5.75±0.95 mm, p=0.0371; at end diastole = 4.61±1.59 mm vs. 3.42±0.70 mm, p=0.0001). A risk ratio of 2.333 (0.656, 8.298) was obtained for septal hypertrophy. A higher proportion of septal hypertrophy was identified in the newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes compared to the newborns of pregestational diabetes mothers (p=0.0058). The mean birth weight was significantly higher in newborns of diabetic mothers (3695.57±738.63) as compared with controls (3276.14±496.51; p=0.0071). Infants born to mothers with diabetes proved to be at a high risk of septal hypertrophy.
Keap1-Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in utero: Priming of disease susceptibility in offspring; Intrauterine exposure to gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia or intrauterine growth restriction alters the redox status of the developing fetus. Such pregnancy-related diseases in most cases do not have a readily identifiable genetic cause, and epigenetic 'priming' mechanisms in utero may predispose both mother and child to later-life onset of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. The concept of 'fetal programing' or 'developmental priming' and its association with an increased risk of disease in childhood or adulthood has been reviewed extensively. This review focuses on adaptive changes in the in utero redox environment during normal pregnancy and the consequences of alterations in redox control associated with pregnancies characterized by oxidative stress. We evaluate the evidence that the Keap1-Nrf2 pathway is important for protecting the fetus against adverse conditions in utero and may itself be subject to epigenetic priming, potentially contributing to an increased risk of vascular disease and insulin resistance in later life.
Morbidities and mortalities among infant of diabetic mother in a newly established SCANU of a tertiary care hospital, Bangladesh; Introduction: Diabetes mellitus has long been associated with perinatal morbidity and mortality. It complicates 2% to 3% of all pregnancies; 90% of these cases present with gestational diabetes mellitus. In our population Gestational diabetes mellitus develops among 6.7% of all pregnancies. Macrosomia (28%), hypocalcaemia (22%), hyperbillirubinaemia (19%), polycythemia (34%), perinatal asphyxia, birth injury and congenital anomaly (6-9%) are the complications of infant of diabetic mother (IDM). Materials and Methods: This prospective observational study was done in the newly established Special Care Neonatal Unit (SCANU) to determine the morbidities and mortalities among IDM babies admitted in to Mymensingh Medical College Hospital (MMCH), Bangladesh from January to March 2015. A total 50 IDM patients who admitted during this period were recruited in the study irrespective of their gestational age, birth weight, pattern and duration of maternal diabetes. Results: Male and female patients were 29 (58%) and 21 (42%). Caesarian and vaginal delivery were 43 and seven cases. Gestational and pre-gestational diabetes mothers were 35 (70%) and 15 (30%) respectively. The important morbidities in order of frequency were found perinatal asphyxia (50%), macrosomia (48%), neonatal jaundice (44%), hypoglycaemia (40%), hypocalcaemia (36%), polycythemia (28%), CHD (20%), neonatal sepsis (20%), birth trauma (12%), TTN (6%), RDS (6%), GIT problem (2%) respectively. Mortality was recorded in three patients. Conclusion: Our observations show the high prevalence of IDM (24/1000 live birth) and their various complications. Mortality and morbidity is a bit higher in IDM. Our health policy maker should give adequate emphasis on management of IDM babies.
The Use of Intermittent Auscultation in Parturients of Varying BMI Categories: Experience From a Mid-Sized Tertiary Care Obstetrical Unit; Objectives: The aim of this quality assurance project was to determine how many patients who qualified for intermittent auscultation (IA) in labour were actually monitored by intermittent auscultation. A secondary objective was to assess whether the rate of IA use depended on maternal BMI. Methods: We performed a retrospective chart review in a sample of women who received obstetrical care at Kingston General Hospital over one year from July 31, 2012. Eligibility was determined using the inclusion and exclusion criteria outlined by the hospital's guideline on intermittent auscultation. Results: Two hundred seven of 244 charts analyzed in this review qualified for IA. The mean age of women in the study was 29.3 (range 17 to 41) years. Their mean gestational age was 39. 6 (range 37 to 42) weeks. Fifty-six percent (116/207) of the eligible women actually had IA. Forty-seven percent of obese women who were eligible (47/100) had IA, compared with 64. 4% of overweight women (58/90). This difference (17.4%) was statistically significant (P = 0.019, Fisher exact test). Conclusion: Fifty-six percent (116/207) of women with low risk pregnancies who were deemed eligible to have IA rather than electronic fetal heart rate monitoring actually had IA. Obese women were less likely to have IA than overweight women. More research is required regarding barriers to using IA in eligible women in our institution and elsewhere.
Pulmonary embolism during delivery - Treatment and outcome; Pulmonary embolism during delivery is not a frequent occurrence. It is often impossible to ascertain whether it is a case of embolism by amniotic fluid or thromboembolism. Diagnostics of pulmonary embolism in labor is based solely on clinical symptoms. Immediate interdisciplinary treatment with cardiopulmonary resuscitation, hemodynamic stabilization, and correction of haemostasis disorders play a decisive role in prognosis. This paper presents diagnostics, treatment, and consequences of pulmonary embolism in expulsion phase during delivery in epidural anesthesia of a multiparous patient aged 37.
The genetic polymorphism in the STK11 does not affect gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity that develops during pregnancy. Recent studies indicate that GDM onset is rapid, and that women with GDM will develop other metabolic disorders such as obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in their future. Serine/threonine kinase 11 (STK11) is engaged in the insulin signaling pathway and encoded protein is an important activator of adenosine monophosphate activated protein kinase. Based on the previously reported association between the STK11 gene and diabetes, we aimed to investigate whether the rs8111699 polymorphism in STK11 has any role in gestation diabetes in Saudi women. In this case-control study, we recruited pregnant Saudi women based on biochemical analysis of their blood samples. Genomic DNA was obtained from confirmed subjects (200 GDM cases and 300 non-GDM). PCR-RFLP analysis was performed to detect the C528G polymorphism in the STK11 gene. The anthropometric and clinical data were similar between the GDM and non-GDM subjects (p > 0.05), whereas the biochemical analysis was significantly different between the cases and controls (p < 0.05). The genotype and allele frequencies between of the STK11 gene were not statistically significant difference between the GDM and non-GDM groups (OR=0.82; 95% CI:=0.6-1.0; p=0.12). Our study suggests that the rs8111699 polymorphism has no role in the development of GDM in pregnant Saudi women.
Influence of maternal overnutrition and gestational diabetes on the programming of metabolic health outcomes in the offspring: Experimental evidence1; The incidence of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus have risen across the world during the past few decades and has also reached an alarming level among children. In addition, women are currently more likely than ever to enter pregnancy obese. As a result, the incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus is also on the rise. While diet and lifestyle contribute to these trends, population health data show that maternal obesity and diabetes during pregnancy during critical stages of development are major factors that contribute to the development of chronic disease in adolescent and adult offspring. Fetal programming of metabolic function, through physiological and (or) epigenetic mechanisms, may also have an intergenerational effect, and as a result may perpetuate metabolic disorders in the next generation. In this review, we summarize the existing literature that characterizes how maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus contribute to metabolic and cardiovascular disorders in the offspring. In particular, we focus on animal studies that investigate the molecular mechanisms that are programmed by the gestational environment and lead to disease phenotypes in the offspring. We also review interventional studies that prevent disease with a developmental origin in the offspring.
Identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with prior gestational diabetes, Oklahoma, 2012-2013; INTRODUCTION: Innovative approaches are needed to reduce cardiometabolic risk among American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. We assessed beliefs of Oklahoma American Indian women about preventing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after having gestational diabetes. We also assessed barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and intervention approaches that facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program.
Antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy: high dimensional, propensity matched, population based cohort study; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate maternal medical and perinatal outcomes associated with antipsychotic drug use in pregnancy.
A novel heterozygous nucleotide substitution (c.751a>g) in the glucokinase gene causing maturity onset diabetes of the young in a scottish family; Background Glucokinase (GCK) catalyses the conversion of glucose to glucose-6-phosphate and is postulated to function as the glucose sensor for beta cells. Heterozygous mutations in the GCK gene result in a higher threshold for glucose stimulated insulin secretion. This form of monogenic diabetes characteristically encompasses stable, mild hyperglycaemia not associated with typical vascular complications. Clinical Case A 35 year old female presented with glycosuria at 31 weeks gestation in her first pregnancy. BMI was 21.2 and there was no significant past medical history. A 75g OGTT confirmed gestational diabetes in keeping with IADPSG guidelines; fasting glucose 5.6 mmol/l (NR<5.1), 2 hour glucose 9.5 mmol/l (NR<8.5). HbA1c was 44 mmol/mol (NR 20-42). She was treated with metformin and insulin and had an uncomplicated vaginal delivery of a healthy baby boy, weighing 3.05kg, at 38 weeks.6 weeks post partum OGTT indicated impaired glucose tolerance with fasting glucose 6.0 mmol/l and 2 hour level 8.4 mmol/l, HbA1c was 49 mmol/mol. There was a family history of type 2 diabetes affecting her paternal grandmother and father. Her father (70) was diagnosed incidentally aged 47, BMI was <25. He has hypertension and ischaemic heart disease. HbA1c varies between 40-56 mmol/mol since 1997 and he has been treated with gliclazide and pioglitazone. He recently developed unilateral mild background retinopathy but has no other microvascular complications. Her sister age 33 years, BMI 23, was also found to have a raised HbA1c of 44 mmol/mol. Given the clinical phenotype, family history and in particular the glycaemic profile, a diagnosis of GCK MODY was made clinically and genetic testing was performed by direct Sanger sequencing. A novel heterozygous nucleotide substitution c.751A>G was detected in the GCK gene. The substitution is predicted to result in a missense amino acid change from the highly conserved methlonine residue to valine at codon 251, p.(Met251Val). Three out of four in silico protein prediction algorithms predict the p.(Met251Val) to be deleterious to protein function and hence associated with the observed clinical phenotype with stable, mild hyperglycaemia. DNA was subsequently analysed from her sister and father who were both heterozygous for the same mutation. Conclusion The clinical presentations in 2 generations of this family are in keeping with a Glucokinase MODY clinical phenotype. On examination of the Leiden Open Variation Database and the Single Nucleotide Polymorphism Database [1,2], the c.751A>G substitution has not been previously described in the literature as pathogenic. Other missense mutations in the same domain have been reported as pathogenic. We conclude that this c.751A>G mutation in the GCK gene is pathogenic and consistent with the clinical diagnosis of MODY subtype GCK.
Impact of gestational diabetes on long-term vascular function; Background: Previous gestational diabetes is an established risk factor for the development of type 2 diabetes and increased metabolic risk. The link however with vascular dysfunction is not as clear. This study therefore examined the vascular function in women with a normal postpartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), four to ten years after an initial diagnosis of gestational diabetes. Methods: Of a total of 1084 women with gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy and a normal postpartum OGTT, we studied 90 women without an interval diagnosis of diabetes, glucose intolerance or cardiovascular disease. These women were matched on age with 59 controls. We examined differences in adiposity (Body mass index-BMI, Waist-Hip-Ratio-WHR), Total Cholesterol: High density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDLc) ratio, Triglycerides and Low density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc). We also compared markers of vascular function via levels of C - reactive protein (CRP) and vascular compliance via pulse wave analysis. For the latter we measured large artery elasticity, small artery elasticity, total vascular impedance and systemic vascular resistance. To compare cardiovascular function, we measured pulse rate, mean arterial pressure and cardiac output and finally, to detect differences in glycemic function, we measured fasting glucose, post-prandial glucose and Insulin resistance. Results:Women with a prior history of GDM had higher measures of adiposity (BMI 28.9±6.5 vs 26.5±6.9 p 0.04, WHR 0.85±0.06 vs 0.79±0.07 p<0.001), higher markers of dyslipidemia (LDL 2.78±0.64 vs 2.41±0.56 p<0.001, Cholesterol: HDL 3.93±1.2 vs 3.21±0.82 p<0.001) and higher incidence of abnormal glucose metabolism (51% had impaired glucose tolerance/Type 2 diabetes versus 12% in the control group). Multivariate analysis of variance indicated no difference between the pGDM ('GDM group')and CG ('Control group') on all the measures of vascular function (for the combined variables: F=0.54, P=0.704; Wilks' Lambda=0.99; partial eta squared=0.02, not significant using a Bonferroni adjusted alpha level of .013). Finally multiple standard and hierarchical regressions indicated no significant contribution to systemic vascular resistance, small artery elasticity and large artery elasticity from glycemic status even after controlling for possible effects of measures of adiposity, blood pressure, lipid profile and CRP. Conclusion: A previous history of GDM in women with a normal postpartum OGTT is not associated with an increased risk of vascular dysfunction 4 to 10 years post partum provided there is no interval diagnosis of cardiovascular disease or impaired glycaemia.
Severe persistent hypoglycemia in an infant of a diabetic mother secondary to a novel KCNJ11 variant-related congenital hyperinsulinism; Background: Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is the leading cause of severe hypoglycemia in neonates, causing severe developmental and cognitive delays if not recognized and treated appropriately. The infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) typically presents with transient hyperinsulinism; however CHI needs to be considered if hypoglycemia persists. The most common form of CHI is caused by loss-of-function mutations in the ABCC8 and the KCNJ11 genes, together associated with 90% of CHI cases. Here, we report a case of an IDM with CHI caused by a novel KCNJ11 variant. Clinical case: A Hispanic male infant was born large for gestational age at 34 weeks to a 17-year old mother who had uncontrolled gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Infant was born by emergent C-section after concerning fetal monitor strip during prenatal visit. At delivery, he was floppy, cyanotic and required positive pressure ventilation. His initial blood glucose level was 7mg/dL. He was diagnosed with hypoplastic aortic arch and developed severe hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, and supra-ventricular tachycardia on day 2 of life (DOL #2). The infant received an initial intravenous (IV) bolus of dextrose 12.5%, then IV fluids were started with a glucose infusion rate (GIR) of 6.9 mg/kg/min due to persistent hypoglycemia; then the GIR was gradually increased to 16 mg/kg/min and polycose supplementation was started with the goal of maintaining glucose levels above 70 mg/dL. The patient subsequently developed hypoglycemia (glucose < 50 mg/dL) after IV dextrose was weaned off on DOL# 21 despite consuming a 26 calorie/oz of formula supplemented with polycose. Extensive work-up for CHI was performed on DOL# 25, revealing an insulin level of 16.3 uU/mL [normal < 2] and a glucose level of 48mg/dL. Betahydroxybutyrate was <100 mcmol/L. Ammonia, pyruvic acid, cortisol, free fatty acid, serum amino acids, acylcarnitine profile, and urine organic acids levels were all in normal range. Genetic testing for ABCC8 and KCNJ11 revealed a maternally inherited heterozygous sequence variant in the KCNJ11 gene, c.616C>T (p.Arg206Cys). This novel missense variant results in the substitution of a highly conserved amino acid and is predicted by multiple in silico programs to be pathogenic. It is absent in approximately 6,500 individuals in the NHLBI Exome Sequencing Project database as well as our internal database of 2,500 samples. Diazoxide treatment was started immediately and glucose levels stabilized above 60mg/dL at a dose of 15 mg/kg/day on DOL#30. Patient was discharged home on DOL# 71 with diazoxide dose at 10mg/kg/day and remains stable on diazoxide therapeutic dose. Conclusion: CHI should be considered as the presumed etiology in an IDM with prolonged and refractory hypoglycemia. Appropriate work-up, including genetic testing for ABCC8 and KCNJ11 mutations should be pursued immediately if hypoglycemia persists.
A case of diabetes insipidus diagnosed during twin pregnancy associated with preeclampsia; Introduction: Diabetes insipidus(DI) during pregnancy is a rare disorder with an incidence of 6 cases per 100,000 pregnancies and is sometimes very difficult to diagnose. It is characterized by polyuria, polydipsia and increased thirst manifesting mostly in the third trimester of pregnancy but can occur at any stage of gestation. The mechanism is thought to depend on excess vasopressinase activity which can lyse arginine-vasopressin but not 1-deamino-8-D-arginine vasopressin which is a synthetic form of the hormone. We report a case of diabetes insipidus that was diagnosed during third trimester of twin pregnancy. Case: A 26 years old female G1P0A0 presented at 33 weeks of her gestation with dichorionic dizygotic twin pregnancy with elevated blood pressures for which she was admitted. She was noted to have polyuria and polydipsia in the hospital with urine output of >200 cc/hr and total 24 hour urine output of more than 7 liters. On physical examination, her blood pressure was 150/90 mmHg with a heart rate of 81 per min and temperature of 98.1 F. The rest of the physical exam was within normal limits. Her plasma osmolality was 281 mOsm/kg while the serum sodium was 141 mEq/l and serum glucose was 75 mg/dl. Her urine osmolality initially was 81 mOsm/kg with a specific gravity of 1.010 and no glycosuria. Her liver function tests were not elevated and no evidence of thrombocytopenia or hemolysis was noted. On the fluid restriction test, her serum osmolality increased reasonably with an inappropriately low urine osmolality of 272mOsm/kg. The DDAVP challenge was started and the patient was found to have good response with a urine osmolality measurement of 524 mOsm/kg post test. We hence diagnosed her with gestational versus central DI. She was started on oral desmopressin and her symptoms resolved with a good response to treatment. Desmopressin was stopped after the patient underwent a C-section with stable sodium levels and reduction of urine output to baseline post removal of placenta. Conclusion: Gestational DI is underdiagnosed, as polyuria can occur during pregnancy and needs to be kept in mind when caring for this population. Twin pregnancy and pre-eclampsia are both risk factors and were present in our patient. It is a rare disorder and can be treated successfully with synthetic DDAVP. This disorder can be associated with serious underlying pathology and may be the first sign of a tumor inducing DI and hence these patients need to be followed post removal of the placenta by an endocrinologist.
Prevalence of hypovitaminosis d in a population of high-risk pregnancy patients; Background: Low levels of 25-OH-vitamin D (Vit D) during pregnancy are related to adverse results for the health of both mother and fetus1. Hypovitaminosis during pregnancy is associated with an increase in the risk of either pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, indication of cesarean birth or bacterial vaginosis2. Due to a greater screening of Vit D levels in pregnancy the number of patients with hypovitaminosis D have increased. The present therapeutic goal is to maintain a level of vitamin D higher than 30 ng/ml3 . Objective: To establish the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D in a population of high-risk pregnancy women who attended our hospital. Materials and method: A cross-section analysis with a review of the clinical record and an interview were performed to 170 pregnant women, who attended the Endocrinology Service from August 2012 to April 2013, High-risk patients with Gestational Diabetes, Pregestational Diabetes, pregnancy-induced Hypertension, and threatened preterm labor were included. Those who were not considered high-risk patients such as patients with Abortion in progress, Diagnosis of Malabsorption Syndrome, Hypoparathyroidism, Hyperparathyroidism, heart, kidney or liver failure, or on vit D supplementation, were excluded. In 128 patients we assessed: age, week of pregnancy, body mass index (BMI) , dairy intake (1 ration = 250 mg calcium/day) and Vit D levels. Vit D levels were measured with chemiluminescence (LIAISON®, DiaSorin ) considering the month of the year. We define deficit as < to 10 ng/ml, insufficient 11 to 29 ng/ml and sufficient > or equal to 30 ng / ml. The statistic analysis was based in the exploration of the assessed variables. Average or median values were used for the quantitative variables with their respective dispersion (standard deviation or range) Qualitative variables were expressed as percentages. Results: The overall prevalence of hypovitaminosis D was 80%, Deficit 16%, Insufficient 64%, Sufficiency 20% After performing a logistic regression evaluating: BMI, week of pregnancy, dairy intake; no predictor variables were found. When we analyzed the presence of Gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and threatened preterm labor, there was no statistically significant relation between any of them and vitamin D levels Vitamin D levels from November to April were higher than from August to October (p<0.01). Conclusion: In our population of high-risk pregnancy patients the prevalence of hypovitaminosis D was 80% with lower levels between August and October.
Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia and trisomy 13: Are they related?; Introduction: Trisomy 13 has a wide array of phenotypic variability, usually with a very short lifespan rarely extending beyond infancy. The association of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia (HIH) and trisomy 13 has been described in four published case reports. Molecular basis of approximately 50% of HIH still remains to be identified; association with chromosome 13 is not well studied. Case: AA female was born at term to a 24 year old G2P1 mother. The pregnancy was complicated by preeclampsia, oligohydramnios, and congenital heart defect. Maternal history was negative for gestational diabetes. Birth weight, length and OFC were 2.87 kg (23%), 50 cm (64%), and 30.5 cm (<3%) respectively. Physical exam was significant for large fontanelles, all sutures widely open, microphthalmia, micrognathia, synophrys, lowset ears, narrow high-arched palate, notched upper alveolar ridge, deep pilonidal dimple, hirsutism, dimpling of the lateral aspects of both knees, and left hand postaxial hexadactyly. Echocardiograms revealed a variant of hypoplastic left heart; CT scan of the head showed an occipital encephalocele. Spinal ultrasound revealed a tethered cord with a distal filar cyst. Due to the multiple congenital anomalies blood for chromosomal study was obtained. At delivery, she was intubated and was hypotensive requiring a prostaglandin drip, dopamine infusion, and hydrocortisone. She was also started on TPN at a GIR 6.98 mg/kg/min. She was immediately found to be persistently hypoglycemic. On day of life 1, her glucoses ranged from 35 mg/dL to 56 mg/dL. Next two days she required approximately 20-25 mg/kg/min to maintain euglycemia. Critical samples at serum blood glucose of 47mg/dL were strongly suggestive of HIH: β-hydroxybutyrate 0.07 mmol (N: 0.00 - 0.29), insulin 96.7 mIU/mL (N: <=17.0), cortisol 13.80 mcg/dL, growth hormone 2.6 ng/mL, FFA 0.27 mmol/L (N: 0 - 2.30). With the diagnosis of HIH, she was started on diazoxide at 15mg/kg/day. On day of life 3, the cytogenetic study confirmed trisomy 13. Due to the condition's poor prognosis all interventions were discontinued per the parents' wishes. Discussion: Severe non-ketotic hypoglycemia with concomitant presence of markedly elevated serum insulin, and low free fatty acid concentration clinically confirms the diagnosis of hyperinsulinism. Low growth hormone can lead to hypoglycemia but this is unlikely to require this degree of GIR to maintain euglycemia. Two candidate genes, IPF1 and CDX2, located on 13.q12.2 and 13q12.3, respectively, have been associated with HIH. However, the precise mechanism of HIH in relation to trisomy 13 remains unknown.
Severe persistent hypoglycemia in an infant of a diabetic mother secondary to a novel KCNJ11 variant-related congenital hyperinsulinism; Background: Congenital hyperinsulinism (CHI) is the leading cause of severe hypoglycemia in neonates, causing severe developmental and cognitive delays if not recognized and treated appropriately. The infant of a diabetic mother (IDM) typically presents with transient hyperinsulinism; however CHI needs to be considered if hypoglycemia persists. The most common form of CHI is caused by loss-of-function mutations in the ABCC8 and the KCNJ11 genes, together associated with 90% of CHI cases. Here, we report a case of an IDM with CHI caused by a novel KCNJ11 variant. Clinical case: A Hispanic male infant was born large for gestational age at 34 weeks to a 17-year old mother who had uncontrolled gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia. Infant was born by emergent C-section after concerning fetal monitor strip during prenatal visit. At delivery, he was floppy, cyanotic and required positive pressure ventilation. His initial blood glucose level was 7mg/dL. He was diagnosed with hypoplastic aortic arch and developed severe hypoglycemia, respiratory distress syndrome, and supra-ventricular tachycardia on day 2 of life (DOL #2). The infant received an initial intravenous (IV) bolus of dextrose 12.5%, then IV fluids were started with a glucose infusion rate (GIR) of 6.9 mg/kg/min due to persistent hypoglycemia; then the GIR was gradually increased to 16 mg/kg/min and polycose supplementation was started with the goal of maintaining glucose levels above 70 mg/dL. The patient subsequently developed hypoglycemia (glucose < 50 mg/dL) after IV dextrose was weaned off on DOL# 21 despite consuming a 26 calorie/oz of formula supplemented with polycose. Extensive work-up for CHI was performed on DOL# 25, revealing an insulin level of 16.3 uU/mL [normal < 2] and a glucose level of 48mg/dL. Betahydroxybutyrate was <100 mcmol/L. Ammonia, pyruvic acid, cortisol, free fatty acid, serum amino acids, acylcarnitine profile, and urine organic acids levels were all in normal range. Genetic testing for ABCC8 and KCNJ11 revealed a maternally inherited heterozygous sequence variant in the KCNJ11 gene, c.616C>T (p.Arg206Cys). This novel missense variant results in the substitution of a highly conserved amino acid and is predicted by multiple in silico programs to be pathogenic. It is absent in approximately 6,500 individuals in the NHLBI Exome Sequencing Project database as well as our internal database of 2,500 samples. Diazoxide treatment was started immediately and glucose levels stabilized above 60mg/dL at a dose of 15 mg/kg/day on DOL#30. Patient was discharged home on DOL# 71 with diazoxide dose at 10mg/kg/day and remains stable on diazoxide therapeutic dose. Conclusion: CHI should be considered as the presumed etiology in an IDM with prolonged and refractory hypoglycemia. Appropriate work-up, including genetic testing for ABCC8 and KCNJ11 mutations should be pursued immediately if hypoglycemia persists.
Pregnancy, delivery and puerperium in obese women; Obesity affects mental, physical and emotional health, increases the prevalence of hypertension, diabetes, sexual dysfunction and cardiovascular disease, and reduces the quality of life. Every woman with body mass index greater than 30 kg/m2 is considered obese, which has negative sequels on her general and reproductive health. A higher prevalence of early habitual abortion, congenital anomalies, preterm delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, fetal growth retardation and thromboembolism has been reported in obese women. Obesity is associated with worse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Children born to obese mothers more frequently develop cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome later in life. This review gives recommendations for preconception work-up, and antenatal, intrapartum and postpartum care of obese pregnant women and their newborns.
Fetal neurology: Past, present and future; Neurological failure is the most apprehension complication of pregnancy, labor and the neonatal period. The origin and outcome correlation is frequently doubtful. The arrival of fourdimensional ultrasonography (4D US) and its function to study fetal behavior patterns have initiated to offer insight into the structural and functional fetal brain development. Although many fetal behavioral studies have been conducted, it is still questionable whether the assessment of continuity from fetal to neonatal behavior could improve our ability of early detection of brain pathology. Neurological assessment of fetus in utero is extremely difficult even having such sophisticated equipment like 4D ultrasound. As it is well known that quantity of GMs is not so informative and predictive for neurological impairment, their quality should be assessed. Gestalt perception of premature GMs we are dealing with in utero and several weeks postnatally are not as predictive for the detection of neurologically abnormal fetuses or newborns as fidgety GMs. Therefore, some additional parameters should be added to the prenatal neurological examination in order to improve our ability to make the distinction between normal and abnormal fetuses.
Fetal organ volume measurements by three-dimensional ultrasonography in clinical practice; The present manuscript reviews the main three-dimensional ultrasound (3DUS) methods that are clinically available to measure fetal organ volumes. Nowadays, it is possible to measure the volume of different organs (lungs, heart, liver, kidneys, adrenal glands and brain) using 3DUS. Those measurements are clinically useful to predict pulmonary hypoplasia, cardiac dys function and anomalies, fetal growth, renal function and prematurity as well as to predict adequate and normal neurodevelopment.
Fetal organ volume measurements by three-dimensional ultrasonography in clinical practice; The proceedings contain 73 papers. The topics discussed include: circulating betatrophin is strongly increased in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; role of hepatic growth hormone metabolism in nonalcoholic fatty liver disease; polyclonal serum free light chains levels are associated with carotid atherosclerosis in type 2 diabetes mellitus; adipomyokine irisin (FNDC5) and browning factor PRDM16 expression levels are increased in subcutaneous adipose tissue in obese patients with type 2 diabetes one year after bariatric surgery; defects in suppressive capacity of regulatory t cells differ in children and adults with type 1 diabetes; changes in microRNA profiles in subcutaneous adipose tissue from T2DM patients following bariatric surgery; impact of age on the cardiovascular event risk conferred by HbA1c in patients with peripheral arterial disease; the alanine aminotransferase/aspartate aminotransferase ratio predicts future cardiovascular events in patients with established coronary artery disease and HOMA insulin resistance; quercetin counteracts hypoxia-mediated modulation of gene expression in SGBS adipocytes; diabetes awareness among coronary artery disease patients differs significantly between men and women; and pro B-type natriuretic peptide significantly predicts future vascular events in peripheral arterial disease patients with type 2 diabetes.
American association of clinical endocrinologists and American college of endocrinology - Clinical practice guidelines for developing a diabetes mellitus comprehensive care plan - 2015 -; The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists/American College of Endocrinology Medical Guidelines for Clinical Practice are systematically developed statements to assist healthcare professionals in medical decision making for specific clinical conditions. Most of the content herein is based on literature reviews. In areas of uncertainty, professional judgment was applied. These guidelines are a working document that reflects the state of the field at the time of publication. Because rapid changes in this area are expected, periodic revisions are inevitable. We encourage medical professionals to use this information in conjunction with their best clinical judgment. The presented recommendations may not be appropriate in all situations. Any decision by practitioners to apply these guidelines must be made in light of local resources and individual patient circumstances.
Assessment of noninvasive risk markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Introduction/background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is state of carbohydrate intolerance detected first time during pregnancy. GDM represents a significant risk factor for the development ofCVDin women. The degree to which women with histories of gestational diabetes are at risk for cardiovascular disease, beyond their predisposition to future diabetes, is still unclear. The aim of our study was to assess the presence of surrogate markers of subclinical atherosclerosis in this subset of high risk individuals. Subjects and methods: In this descriptive cross-sectional hospital based study, 50 patients 20-45 years of age, premenopausal, at least 1 year past her most recent pregnancy, and not more than 5 years past her index pregnancy with GDM. These patients and controls who did not have GDM were assessed for carotid intima media thickness, endothelial dysfunction, epicardial fat thickness and other cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Women with previous history of GDM were found to have unfavourable cardiovascular risk parameters. They also demonstrated more frequent occurrence of metabolic syndrome (64 % vs 10 %) than control subjects. Individual components of MS increased with increasing BMI in both the groups. As far as markers of subclinical atherosclerosis were concerned women with pGDM had significantly higher CIMT, FMD and epicardial fat thickness than control group. Conclusion: Women with pGDM, even before development of diabetes have significant differences in CVD risk factors when compared to those who do not have such history. Postpartum screening for glucose intolerance and efforts to minimize modifiable cardiovascular risk factors, including hypertension, visceral adiposity, and dyslipidemia should be the most effective measures for lowering of cardiovascular risk.
Management of gestational diabetes-overview; Gestational diabetes mellitus, defined as diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy that is not clearly overt diabetes, is becoming more common as the epidemic of obesity and type-2 diabetes continues. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring, and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Fetal ultrasonography is generally performed for assessment of fetal growth, as well as for detection of anomalies. Treatment of gestational diabetes consists of medical nutrition therapy but insulin treatment forms the mainstay of the therapy. All women with GDM should receive nutritional counselling. The meal pattern should provide adequate calories and nutrients to meet the needs of pregnancy. Insulin requirement increases with each trimester of pregnancy in diabetic females. The mainstay of pharmacotherapy during pregnancy has been neutral protamine Hagedorn insulin for basal injections 2-4 times daily. Continuous insulin infusion of a rapid-acting insulin analog, such as lispro and as part, are sometimes used instead if patients are able to check their blood glucose levels and glucose monitoring devices frequently. These analogues improve the postprandial glucose control during pregnancy in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes and are considered safe and effective. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. HbA1c level is helpful to differentiate between a pre-GDM and GDM.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes and subsequent metabolic syndrome; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate whether preeclampsia/gestational hypertension (PE/GHTN) and preterm birth (PTB) are associated with maternal metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) later in life. STUDY DESIGN: Women enrolled in a mild gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment trial (abnormal oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT); fasting glucose <95 mg/dl) and a concurrent observational non-GDM cohort (abnormal 50 g screen; normal OGTT) were followed up 5-10 years later. Women did not have a prior history of GDM or diabetes, chronic hypertension, or renal or cardiovascular disease at the time of enrollment in the studies. At follow-up, women had anthropometric and blood pressure measurements, provided blood for central laboratory measurements, and were asked about medications and diet. MetSyn was defined as three or more of the following: high waist circumference (>88 cm), high triglycerides (≥;150 mg/dL), low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) (<50 mg/dL), blood pressure ≥;130/85 mmHg, or fasting glucose ≥;100 mg/dL (or relevant treatment for any of these components). RESULTS: This analysis included 824 women (46% of eligible women from the original studies) who were followed up 7±1 years after the index pregnancy and were not pregnant at the time of follow-up. Mean age at follow-up was 36±6 years. Overall, 29% had MetSyn (33% in those with GDM and 24% in those without GDM; p=.005). High waist circumference and low HDL-C was observed in the majority of women. The frequency of MetSyn, and its components, was highest in the women who were delivered preterm and had PE/GHTN. After adjusting for confounding factors, PE/GHTN with or without PTB was significantly associated with subsequent hypertension and PE/GHTN with PTB was significantly associated with subsequent MetSyn. CONCLUSION: In an obstetric population with no preexisting conditions, and no or only mild GDM in the index pregnancy, PE/GHTN, particularly when delivery occurred preterm, was associated with a higher frequency of long term cardiovascular and metabolic abnormalities in the mother 5-10 years later. (Table Presented).
Are low volume hospitals low risk for maternal morbidity?; OBJECTIVE: Regionalization of maternal care and transfer of women with comorbid risk factors to high-volume referral centers has been proposed as a means of reducing severe maternal morbidity and mortality. However, little national data is available on the prevalence of risk factors for maternal mortality by hospital size and volume. We sought to characterize the profile of maternal comorbidity and acute organ injury by hospital volume for patients delivering in the US. STUDY DESIGN: We utilized the Nationwide Inpatient Sample to identify a cohort of women who were hospitalized for a delivery between 1998 and 2010. Annualized hospital volume was categorized as: high volume (>2000 deliveries), moderate volume (1001-2000 deliveries), low volume (501-1000), and very low volume (100-500). Patient files were weighted to provide national estimates and permit generalizability. Prevalence of risk factors for severe morbidity and death were determined along with 15 measures of acute organ injury. RESULTS: A sample of 50,719,279 women was included. Women delivering across volume categories had similar rates of gestational diabetes and hypertension, mild preeclampsia, previous cesarean section, placenta previa, and fetal demise. Less common risk factors such as lupus, pulmonary hypertension, HIV, and congenital heart disease were more common at high volume hospitals; however many women with these conditions delivered at lower volume hospitals. While risk for major morbidities such as sepsis, shock, acute liver disease, acute heart failure, and shock was higher at high-volume hospitals, many women with these complications delivered at lower volume hospitals (Table 1). CONCLUSION: While transfer of patients with particularly high risk conditions may represent a means of improving maternal care for a small number of patients, many women who deliver at low volume hospitals will have common comorbid risk factors and experience severe morbidity. Initiatives to improve maternal safety tailored to lower volume hospitals may be required to reduce mortality at these centers. (Table Presented).
Pregnancy complications are increased among women with cardiomyopathy compared to those with other cardiac diseases; OBJECTIVE: From 1990 to 2006, the rates of maternal mortality in the U.S. have increased. Cardiomyopathy (CM) and cardiovascular complications have become the leading cause of maternal death. In this study, we sought to identify perinatal outcomes in pregnant women with cardiomyopathy as compared to other types of cardiac disease. STUDY DESIGN: We identified a retrospective cohort study of women that delivered at a single academic institution from 2008-2013 (N=9,026). 143 patients (1.6%) were affected by cardiac disease. Perinatal outcomes were compared in women who carried a diagnosis of cardiomyopathy (N=20) to those with other cardiac diseases. Statistical comparisons used univariate and multivariable logistic analysis to control for confounders (maternal age, parity, race, ethnicity, DM), p<0.05, indicated statistical significance. RESULTS: 143 women were identified, 20(14%) had a diagnosis CM. 60% of patients with CM showed evidence of diastolic dysfunction despite normal left ventricular ejection fractions (systolic function) by echocardiogram. Compared to women with other cardiac diseases, women with CM were more likely to have a cesarean delivery (50% vs. 26%, p<0.05). Pregnancies were more frequently complicated by preeclampsia (20% vs. 7%, p< 0.05), and required longer mean maternal hospital stay (10 vs. 5 days, p<0.05) and ICU admission (40% vs. 10%, p<0.01). There were no differences in rates of gestational diabetes, postpartum hemorrhage, or chorioamnionitis. Women with CM were more likely to have a preterm birth (50% vs. 18%, p< 0.01) with smaller neonates, mean birth weight 2647 gms vs. 2969 gms (p=0.07) (Table 1). CONCLUSION: Among women with cardiac disease those with cardiomyopathy had a higher risk for adverse perinatal outcomes. Therefore, consideration to refer this population for multidisciplinary management at a tertiary care center should be advised. (Table Presented).
Multiple sclerosis: Prevalence, sociodemographic features, and antenatal/peripartum outcomes; OBJECTIVE: To describe the prevalence, sociodemographic features, and antenatal/peripartum outcomes of multiple sclerosis (MS) in pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study was performed using California discharge data. All deliveries from 2001-2009 were analyzed. Cases of MS as well as other obstetric morbidities were identified via ICD-9-CM code. Logistic regression was performed to adjust for potential confounders. RESULTS: 1,185 out of 4,424,049 deliveries were complicated by MS - a prevalence of 1 in 3,745 deliveries. MS prevalence increased with maternal age, from 0.2/10,000 in subjects age <19 to 6.9/10,000 in those age >40. Caucasians comprised 61.6% of all MS patients compared to 32.1% of the baseline population. MS subjects were older (32.0 vs. 27.6 years old) and more likely to have private insurance (77.1% vs. 49.1%). Women with MS were more likely to have preexisting medical conditions such as asthma (OR 2.3, 95% CI 1.7-3.1), chronic hypertension (OR 6.8, 95%CI 3.2-14.3), thyroid disease (OR 3.2, 95%CI 2.5-4.3), and cardiac disease (OR 2.3, 95%CI 1.5-3.7). In contrast, none of the following antepartum/ peripartum morbidities were found to be increased in patients with MS: gestational diabetes, preeclampsia/eclampsia, preterm rupture of membranes, fetal growth restriction, oligohydramnios, abruption, placenta previa, operative vaginal delivery, shoulder dystocia, chorioamnionitis, endometritis, or postpartum hemorrhage. Cesarean delivery (38.1% vs 28.9%, OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.3-1.6) and induction of labor (OR 1.4, 95% CI 1.2-1.6) were the only outcomes increased in MS patients. CONCLUSION: MS is a rare condition that is more likely to affect older Caucasian women of higher socioeconomic status. It is associated with several pre-existing medical conditions. MS does not appear to adversely affect pregnancy outcome, except for a small increase in cesarean delivery and need for induction. Our results suggest that pregnant patients with MS have a reasonable chance of experiencing an uneventful pregnancy. (Figure Presented).
Placental glucose transporter (GLUT)-1 is functionally down-regulated in pre-eclampsia; OBJECTIVE: Fetal well-being depends on normal transplacental glucose supply. Placental glucose transport is predominantly regulated by GLUT-1. Pre-eclampsia (PE) is known to be associated with gestational diabetes (GDM) and IUGR. Altered expression and/or function of GLUT-1 may affect the intrauterine environment and could compromise fetal development. We speculate that placental GLUT-1 expression is impaired in PE, potentially leading impaired glucose transport and altered fetal programming. STUDY DESIGN: Placentae were obtained after elective caesarean sections following normal and PE pregnancies. Syncytial basal membrane (BM) and apical microvillus membrane (MVM) fractions were prepared from syncytiotrophoblasts (STBM). Protein expression was assessed by western blot analysis. mRNA levels in whole villous tissue lysate were quantified by rt-PCR. Radiolabeled glucose up-take assay and a transepithelial transport model using primary cytotrophoblasts (CTB) were established to determine glucose transport activity. RESULTS: GLUT1 protein expression was significantly down-regulated in PE placentae compared to control placentae, while mRNA expression in whole lysate was unchanged. Glucose up-take into syncytial microvesicles was significantly reduced in PE compared to control. In a transepithelial transport model, phloretin-mediated inhibition of GLUT1 at the apical side of primary CTB showed a 44% of reduction of transepithelial glucose transport at IC50. CONCLUSION: Our study for the first time shows that in PE, placental GLUT1 is down-regulated on protein level and glucose transport activity is decreased. Altering glucose transport activity by inhibition of apical GLUT-1 indicates that transplacental glucose transport might be regulated on the apical side of the STBM. These results might help to elucidate the regulation of GLUT1 transporter and to develop preventive strategies to modulate glucose transport in PE as well as in GDM, aiming to reduce the risk for metabolic and cardiovascular diseases for the child later in life.
Pregnancy as a window to future health: Maternal placental syndromes and short term cardiovascular outcomes; OBJECTIVE: Emerging data identify pregnancy outcomes as predictors of a woman's future cardiovascular health. We investigated the association between maternal placental syndromes (PS) and the shortterm risk of incident cardiovascular disease (CVD). STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a population-based, retrospective cohort study using a maternally-linked, longitudinal database which includes >1 million live-born infants in Florida from 2004-2007. From this cohort we identified healthy first time mothers and used ICD-9-CM codes to identify the presence of one or more PS (preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational hypertension, placental abruption and placental infarction). All women were followed until December 31, 2010 (mean follow up 4.9 ± 1.1 years). ICD-9-CM diagnosis and procedure codes were used to capture incident CVD defined as ischemic heart disease, stroke and peripheral vascular disease. We excluded multiple births and women diagnosed with CVD, diabetes mellitus, renal disease, or hypertension in the 5 years prior to pregnancy. Survival analysis was used to generate hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) representing the association between PS and CVD. RESULTS: Among 302,638 women included in the study, 36,694 (12.1%) experienced PS and 2,740 (0.91%) experienced CVD during follow-up. When compared to women without PS, women with PS, were similar in age (24.9 ± 6.1 vs 25.0 ± 6.0 years, p= <0.01 ) and race/ethnicity (52.1 vs 49.3% non-Hispanic white, p= <0.01; 22.7 vs 17.8% non-Hispanic black, p= <0.01 and 21.4 vs 27.2% Hispanic p= <0.01). Women with PS had a 38% increased risk of early, incident CVD (HR= 1.38; 95% CI: 1.25-1.53), which persisted even after adjustment for pre-pregnancy BMI, gestational diabetes, hyperlipidemia, alcohol and tobacco use, and sociodemographic factors (HR=1.19; 95% CI: 1.07-1.32). CONCLUSION: Healthy women whose first pregnancies are complicated by PS are at increased risk of CVD in the years immediately following delivery. (Figure Presented).
Perception of risk of cardiovascular disease in obese and gestational diabetic patients; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate self-perceived risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in postpartum patients with gestational diabetes (GDM) or obesity. Given the focused health education provided to GDM patients, we hypothesized that GDM patients would have a heightened perception of CVD risk compared to non-diabetic controls, whereas obese patients would not differ in their CVD risk perception compared to non-obese non-diabetic controls. STUDY DESIGN: Secondary analysis of a cross sectional study of postpartum women at a tertiary care center from July 1, 2012 to May 31, 2013. Women without pre-gestational diabetes and with a prepregnancy BMI ≥ 18.5 were eligible for inclusion. Outcomes evaluated include perception of control over health risks, intention to make lifestyle modifications, and perception of risk for CVD and associated morbidities. RESULTS: 195 patients were included in the secondary analysis. Patients with GDM were more likely to report a high risk of CVD than controls (27.6% v. 13%, p=0.04). They also recognized their elevated risk of future diabetes, but not of hypertension and stroke (see table). When asked about general health risks, GDM patients did not consider themselves to be at higher risk of serious disease than controls (34.4% v. 34.9%, p=0.77). Obese non-diabetic patients did not recognize their higher CVD risk when compared to controls (12.7% v. 11.3%, p=0.21), and also failed to recognize their elevated risk of diabetes, hypertension and stroke. Obese patients also did not consider themselves to be at higher risk of serious disease (32.1% v. 39%, p=0.85). Both GDM and non-diabetic obese patients stated increased intention over controls to make dietary changes and lose weight over the next year. CONCLUSION: Patients with GDM recognize their elevated risk for future CVD and diabetes, while patients with obesity did not recognize their elevated risk for future CVD or other related morbidities. These findings identify a knowledge gap that can be addressed through targeted educational initiatives. (Table Presented).
The C/PR study: The effect of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy on fetal and neonatal PR intervals; OBJECTIVE: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) may cause stillbirth from a fetal arrhythmia that is not reliably detected in conventional testing. Mechanical PR interval prolongation may identify fetuses at risk for an arrhythmia. Our goals were (1) to determine if fetal and neonatal PR intervals are different between pregnancies with ICP versus controls and (2) to determine if fetal PR intervals correlate with neonatal ECG PR intervals. STUDY DESIGN: This is a multicenter prospective cohort study. Patients with non-anomalous singleton gestations and planned delivery between 36 0/7 and 37 6/7 weeks were recruited. An ICP diagnosis required total bile acids >10 μmol/L. Control subjects did not have ICP. Women with preeclampsia, hepatobiliary disease, SLE or suspected fetal arrhythmia were excluded. Doppler echocardiography was performed between 36 0/7 - 37 6/7 weeks to obtain mechanical fetal PR intervals. Neonates underwent ECG within 48 hours of life. PR intervals were reviewed by a blinded pediatric cardiologist. Prespecified power calculation required 7 patients per group to identify a 14 msec difference. PR intervals were compared between groups using the Wilcoxon test. The Spearman correlation was used to compare fetal and neonatal PR intervals. RESULTS: Nine patients with ICP and seven controls were recruited. Maternal age, race, parity, gestational age at delivery, and presence of hypertension and gestational diabetes were similar between groups. The median neonatal PR interval was 115 msec in ICP patients and 110 msec in controls (p=0.91). The fetal PR interval was not different between groups (Table). There was no correlation between fetal (mechanical) PR interval and neonatal (ECG) PR intervals (rho=0.026). CONCLUSION: This study did not demonstrate PR interval differences between fetuses affected by ICP and controls, nor did it indicate a correlation between mechanical and ECG PR determinations. Findings contrast with published literature, and this discrepancy warrants further investigation. (Table Presented).
Maternal metabolic syndrome 5-10 years after delivery in women with abnormal 1 hour glucose screening; OBJECTIVE: To determine if maternal glucose intolerance below the conventional gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) cut points is related to an increased risk of maternal metabolic syndrome (MMS) 5-10 years after delivery and if maternal factors at or before delivery can predict MMS. STUDY DESIGN: Women with a 1 hour glucose screen ≥135 mg/dL but normal 3-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) were enrolled at 24-31 weeks in a prospective observational cohort. Women with a history of GDM, diabetes, chronic hypertension, asthma, renal or cardiovascular disease were excluded. MMS was defined as presence (or treatment) of ≥3 of the following: waist circumference ≥88 cm, triglycerides ≥150 mg/dL, HDL-C <50 mg/dL, blood pressure of ≥130/85 mmHg, or fasting glucose ≥100 mg/dL. The development of MMS with factors determined at or before delivery was evaluated using a multivariable logistic regression model yielding adjusted odds ratios (aOR) for maternal age, parity, race/ethnicity, smoking and OGTT values, body mass index (BMI) at delivery, weight gain during pregnancy, gestational hypertension/ preeclampsia and years between enrollment and follow-up. RESULTS: In the 359 women enrolled, fasting OGTT, 1 hour OGTT, smoking during pregnancy, and BMI at delivery were all significantly associated with developing MMS. Only smoking (aOR= 2.77, 95% CI (1.11, 6.89)) and BMI at delivery (aOR= 1.14, 95% CI (1.09,1.20)) remained significant after adjusting for other covariates. MMS developed in 22.6% of the overall cohort and increased by BMI category (kg/m2) at delivery: 7.1% for BMI< 25; 12.9% for BMI 25-<30; 21.0% for BMI 30-<35; 41.4% for BMI≥ 35. CONCLUSION: Lesser degrees of maternal glucose intolerance were not independently related to an increased risk of MMS, but smoking during pregnancy and BMI at delivery were related. 40% of women with BMI ≥35 and abnormal 1 hour glucose screen developed MMS 5-10 years after delivery; these women should be targeted for weight loss and other lifestyle interventions postpartum. (Table Presented).
Metformin improved lipid profiles in women with gestational diabetes in the first six weeks postpartum; OBJECTIVE: Although gestational diabetes (GDM) resolves postpartum, women with retained gestational weight and obesity are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) later in life. Pregnancy is associated with a total increase in cholesterol and lipoproteins (HDL and LDL). Postpartum, LDL increases and HDL decreases. Reduced levels of gherlin are associated with obesity and reduced leptin with weight change. Oxidized LDL (ox-LDL) is a marker of oxidative stress-related inflammation and the risk of development of cardiovascular disease (CVD). Cardiovascular protection and weight loss are known benefits from metformin, especially in women with diabetes. The objective of this study was to compare changes in lipid profiles and biomarkers for obesity and weight change in the first 6 weeks postpartum among women with GDM treated with metformin or placebo. STUDY DESIGN: This is a secondary analysis of a randomized controlled trial of metformin versus placebo in women with GDM. Blood samples were collected within 24 hours of delivery and at 6 weeks postpartum. A change in the median plasma concentrations of total cholesterol, HDL, oxidized LDL, glucose, insulin, leptin, and ghrelin were compared between groups using Mann Whitney U. RESULTS: A total of 77 women were included, 35 in the metformin group and 42 in the placebo. In the primary study, there was no difference in weight change between groups. The reduction in HDL was significantly less in the metformin group compared to placebo. In contrast, the reduction in ox-LDL was significantly increased in metformin versus placebo. There was no difference in total cholesterol, glucose, insulin, gherlin and leptin between groups. Table 1. CONCLUSION: In the first six weeks postpartum, lipid alterations from pregnancy are restored in GDM women who received metformin compared to placebo. However, metformin had no effect on gherlin and leptin levels. (Table Presented).
Risk of pre-term preeclampsia in the american primigravida: Does pre-pregnancy maternal obesity class matter?; OBJECTIVE: Reproductive-aged women have a significant incidence of obesity, augmenting their risk for the development of preeclampsia (PE). Neonatal morbidity of such disease is gestational age-dependent. We aim to determine the risk of pre-term PE (PTP) in primiparous women with respect to pre-pregnancy obesity class. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of primaparous women with singleton gestations was performed using the Magee Obstetrical Medical and Infant Database for deliveries from January 2003 to April 2014 (n=105,374). Cases of PE were identified via delivery record review and antepartum ICD-9 coding. Cases were then stratified by timing of diagnosis of PE, either at < 37 weeks or ≥ 37 weeks. Pre-pregnancy maternal obesity was defined as a body mass index (BMI) of ≥30 kg/m2. Severity of obesity was defined by WHO criteria for classes of obesity (class I: BMI 30.0-34.9, class II: BMI 35.0-39.9, class III: BMI ≥ 40). Student's t test was used for bivariate analysis. A multinomial logistic regression model predicted the association between PTP and pre-pregnancy obesity; women without PE were the referent group. Confounders considered in the analysis included race, age, maternal diabetes status (gestational, type 1 and type 2), pre-existing cardiovascular disorders including chronic hypertension, tobacco use and illicit substance abuse/ dependence. RESULTS: 27,877 women had complete pre-pregnancy BMI data. 2,509 women (9.0%) were identified to have had a diagnosis of PE. Women who developed PE prior to 37 weeks (n=756) were more likely to be obese compared to women who developed PE after 37 weeks (33.1% vs 25.3%, p = 0.0001). Compared to women with term PE, the risk of PTP increases proportionally with pre-pregnancy obesity class (Figure). CONCLUSION: Obesity demonstrates a dose-response relationship with the risk of PTP. Such information could significantly impact the public health issues of pre-conceptual counseling, neonatal morbidity and health care utilization costs. (Figure Presented).
Female child with cantú syndrome and aortectasia caused by a mutation in ABCC9, expanding the phenotype; Case Report: 6-year-old girl with congenital hypertrichosis, aortectasia, and mild intellectual disability. She was born at 37 weeks gestation weighing 9lbs 5 oz via C-section secondary to large fetal size. Pregnancy complicated by polyhydramnios. She had increased body hair since birth. She seemed to have normal development the first few years of life but now requires Special Education classes. Physical exam is notable for epicanthal folds, wide mouth with prominent lower lip; increased amount of long hair on extremities, arms greater than legs, as well as on back; face and trunk mostly spared. Normal head circumference (72% on Nellhaus curve). At 5 years of age an echocardiogram showed a tiny PDA, dilated aortic sinuses (Z score 3.5), dilated ascending aorta (Z score 4) and dilated main pulmonary artery. Imaging revealed some skeletal abnormalities including: mild thickening of skull anteriorly, broad ribs, and slight bone demineralization. Patient had whole exome sequencing that detected a heterozygous denovo ABCC9 (c.3460C>T (p.Arg1154Trp)) variant previously reported as pathogenic in 4 unrelated patients with Cantú syndrome. Cantú syndrome (MIM 239850), or hypertrichosis- osteochondrodysplasia-cardiomegaly syndrome, was first described in 1982. Subsequent reports have confirmed a constellation of features in approximately 30 patients. Cardinal manifestations are congenital hypertrichosis, macrosomia at birth, macrocephaly, coarse facial appearance, cardiomegaly, skeletal abnormalities, and developmental delay. The cardiac features include cardiac enlargement, concentric hypertrophy of the ventricles, pulmonary hypertension, pericardial effusion, patent ductus arteriosus, and bicuspid aortic valves. Aortic dilatation, as seen in this patient, has not been previously reported in the literature. The ABCC9 protein is part of an ATP-dependent potassium (KATP) channel. It has been shown that the reported changes in ABCC9 are gain of function mutations that reduce the ATP-mediated potassium channel inhibition, resulting in channel opening. Further studies will determine whether KATP channel antagonists (e.g., sulfonylureas) can be an effective therapy for Cantu syndrome.
Validation of a maternal recall questionnaire for pregnancy complications associated with increased future risk for cardiovascular disease; Objectives: To determine the most accurate questions for providers to ask patients when taking a history of pregnancy complications, as recommended by the 2011 American Heart Association's (AHA) Guidelines for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease in Women. Methods: A pregnancy recall questionnaire was administered to 971 patients who agreed to be contacted for future research after participating in a prospective, longitudinal cohort of 1608 pregnant women, initiating care between 2006 and 2009. The survey included several questions for each pregnancy complication, informed by a literature review and pilot study. Medical records from the study pregnancy were used as the gold standard. Prevalence, sensitivity (sens), specificity (spec), positive predictive value (PPV), negative predictive value (NPV) and/or Spearman's correlation coefficients were calculated for each question. Results: 54% (526) of individuals re-contacted responded. Responders were more likely to be older, white, educated, nulliparous, and deliver low birthweight infants at the time of the index pregnancy than non-responders. Mean length of recall was 4.35 years (SD 0.46) postpartum. The individual, binary questions, “Did you have gestational diabetes during the study pregnancy?” and “During the study pregnancy, did you have preeclampsia?” most accurately discriminated GDM (sens 92%, spec 98 %) and preeclampsia (sens 82%, spec 96%). The continuous questions, “What was the birthweight of the baby?” and “How many weeks pregnant were you when you delivered?” out-performed categorical questions for both birthweight (r = 0.95) and gestation length (r = 0.85). Conclusions: This validated questionnaire demonstrates that the majority of women can accurately recall their pregnancy history, on average, more than 4 years post-partum. Further validation of this pregnancy recall instrument in other patient populations may be helpful for clinical application of the 2011 AHA recommendations in order to identify women at high risk of developing cardiovascular disease.
Risk factors for cesarean section in women with severe preeclampsia; Objectives: To determine risk factors for cesarean section in women with severe preeclampsia. Methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted including women with severe preeclampsia treated at IMIP, Northeast of Brazil, from August 2009 to December 2010. Exclusion criteria were eclampsia, hemorrhagic emergencies, coma and other clinical conditions associated. Statistical analysis included determination of Risk Ratio and multiple logistic regression to determine the adjusted risk of cesarean section after controlling potential confounders. Results: A total of 500 women with severe preeclampsia were included. Labor was spontaneous in 110 patients (22%) and induced in 141 (28.2%), 95 of whom went on to have vaginal deliveries (67.4%). The total Cesarean section rate was 68%; with 249 patients (50%) having elective and 92 (18.4%) intrapartum Cesarean sections. The Cesarean section rate following spontaneous labor was 42% The indications for cesarean were: severe preeclampsia (57%), chronic fetal distress (15%), breech presentation (5.6%), dystocias and/or cephalopelvic disproportion (6%), nonreassuring fetal heart rate (4.4%), macrosomia (4%) and having had two or more previous Cesarean sections (3.5%) When multiple logistic regression was performed, the main risk factors associated with cesarean section were hypertension without control during pregnancy (OR = 4.86; 95% CI = 1.30-20.42) and birthing from 7:00am to 10:00pm (OR = 6.52; 95% CI = 1.98-29.8). Labor induction (OR = 0.02; 95% CI = 0.01-0.16) and spontaneous labor (OR = 0.002; 95% CI = 0.0001-0.016) were associated with reduced risk of cesarean section. There was no association between cesarean section and maternal age, parity, gestational age, clinical presentation of preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome and proteinuria. Conclusions: Cesarean section is frequently performed in patients with severe preeclampsia but real indications remain unclear. Labor induction is associated with a reasonable rate of success and should be tried in more cases.
Effect of folic acid supplementation in pregnancy on preeclampsia-Folic Acid Clinical Trial (FACT); Objectives: FACT is an international, multi-center, doubleblind, placebo-controlled, Phase III trial of 3656 women, sponsored by the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute (OHRI) and funded by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR). Observational studies suggest that folic acid supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of preeclampsia (PE). No randomized controlled trial has been conducted to demonstrate the effect of folic acid supplementation on PE. FACT aims to determine efficacy of a PE prevention strategy using high dose folic acid supplementation from early pregnancy until delivery in women at high risk of developing PE. Methods: Pregnant women between 80/7 and 166/7 weeks gestation, aged ≥18 years, taking ≤1.1 mg of folic acid supplementation with at least 1 of the following risk factors for PE: pre-existing hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes, twin pregnancy, history of PE, BMI ≥35 kg/m2. Primary Outcome: PE, defined asPd90 mmHg on 2 occasions≥4 h apart and proteinuria developed in pregnancy ≥200/7 weeks gestation, or HELLP, hemolysis, serum LDH ≥600 U/L, serum AST ≥70 U/L, platelets <100 × 109/L. Or, superimposed PE, defined as history of pre-existing hypertension with new proteinuria. Proteinuria is defined as: urinary protein ≥300 mg/24 h, or ≥2+ protein dipstick, or random protein- creatinine ratio ≥30 mg protein/mmol. Results: As of June 30, 1018 participants (791 Canadian, 113 Australian, 61 Argentinean, 11 Jamaican and 42 UK participants) have been randomized. Conclusions: Results will establish if high dose folic acid supplementation is an effective preventative strategy in women at high risk of developing PE.
Idiopathic complete heart block in a patient after uneventful laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy (LSG); Introduction: Laparoscopic Sleeve Gastrectomy (LSG) is a widely acccepted weight loss procedure in the United States. The greater curvature is mobilized and then 70% of the stomach is resected leaving a tubular stomach which is supplied by the left and right gastric vessels. The vagus nerve is preserved. An EGD is performed and usually on postoperative day 1, an upper gastrointestinal study is done using gastrograffin to rule out staple line leakage. A bariatric clear liquid diet is subsequently initiated. Case Report: Patient CD is 45 year old female with history of Morbid Obesity, hypothyroidism and gestational diabetes. Her vitals on admission were as follows: Blood pressure 118/96 Heart rate 87 NSR, Ht: 5'3” Wt: 272, BMI: 48.2. Patient underwent an uneventful laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy with hiatal hernia repair. She had an intra operative EGD which revealed no leakage or bleeding. Postoperatively, in the recovery patient complained of nausea, and pain in the epigastric region accompanied by waves of peristalsis and the sensation of feeling “drowsy”. At this point, cardiac monitor revealed a 1st degree heart block which progressed to 3rd degree or complete heart block i.e disassociation of atrial (p wave) and ventricular (QRS) rhythm. The episodes were self-limited and patient remained hemodynamically stable at the time of the episodes with a normal BP and HR. She was admitted to the telemetry floor for observation. Hospital Course: A medical and cardiology consultation were obtained. On POD #1 A limited UGI series revealed no leak and a small gastric pouch. A bariatric clear liquid diet was started. Over the next 24 hours patient experienced multiple episodes of complete heart block lasting from 1.8s to 5.8s. At the bedside, patient is witnessed to hold her breath and bear down in a reaction which mimics a valsalva maneuver when she experienced pain. She described a peristaltic wave of gas pain moving from the right to the left of the abdomen when the heart block was noted on the monitor. There was no association with swallowing and the heart block noted in our patient. She remained hemodynamically stable and was maintained on IV hydration. CBC, electrolytes and TSH were all within normal limits. She was treated with IV Morphine for pain and Zofran for nausea. On POD #2, patient passed flatus. Subsequently, she was observed for an additional 24 hours after the last episode of heart block and discharged home on POD #3. She did not experience any more episodes. She will be following up with her cardiologist for outpatient Holter monitoring and possibly EP studies. Discussion: Vasovagal arrhythmias have been well documented in patients with primary cardiac disorders such as hypertensive or ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure or after cardiac surgery. Swallow syncope is a rare entity which has been described in multiple case reports describing episodes of swallow syncope after a LSG. AV block has been noted in many patients with esophageal disorders. Isolated case reports have described vasovagal syncopal associated with adjustable gastric banding placed using pars flaccida technique. There also have been reports of complete heart block due to a large hiatal hernia. Swallow syncope is defined as dizziness, lightheadedness, and confusion, during or after deglutition with evidence of cardiac arrhythmia. Most noncardiac AV blocks originate from the esophagus. The presumed mechanism of action of is the intense vagal stimulation leading to sinus node slowing, followed by arrest, resulting in transient syncopal episodes. There was no association of this patient's heart block with swallowing and there was no reflux noted on UGI series. However, the patient did describe holding her breath in preparation for the peristaltic “wave of pain” she experienced when she felt nauseous. In addition, she had a small hiatal hernia which was repaired using a single 2-0 silk stitch. It is possible that the patient had transient pnemomediastinum cuased by dissection of the hiatus which postoperatively augmented the vagal stimulation. Another possible mechanism could be Sleeve gastrectomy causing damage to the vagus nerve resulting in gastroparesis and esophageal spasm and a dilated esophagus which would compress and stimulate the vagus nerve. To the best of our knowledge, this is only case report in the literature to report a complete heart block in a healthy patient after laparoscopic sleeve gastrectomy not associated with swallowing. Patients with heart block must be monitored on a telemetry floor for hemodynamic stability. All patients should undergo a work-up looking for medical causes, electrolyte disturbances and other cardiac conduction abnormalities prior to assuming a pneumomediastinum or vasovagal etiology as the cause. Transcutaneous pacing pads and atropine should be placed at the bedside used to pace the heart as needed temporarily and permanent pacemaker (PPM) should be considered if the rhythm is not restored. An Electro Physiological study can be considered to rule out an affected electrical conduction. (Figure Presented).
Application of glycated hemoglobin in the perinatal period; Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) is a special fragment formed by the binding of glucose to the C chain or D chain of hemoglobin A and as a result of non-enzymatic catalysis of mature hemoglobin and glucose, which is an indicator used to evaluate the blood glucose control in diabetes mellitus (DM) patients. Recent researches indicated that HbA1c could be applied in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and pregnancy combined DM, and increasing of HbA1c was close associated with adverse outcomes of women with pregnancy combined DM and GDM. HbA1c was reported to have a significant importance in monitoring congenital malformation, abortion, perinatal mortality, preeclampsia, postpartum abnormal glucose metabolism, vascular complications and so on, which could be a test item during the second trimester. Sensitivity of HbA1c in diagnoses of DM is lower than oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), thus OGTT is still the golden standard of GDM. Emphasis should be put on standardization of detection and threshold of HbA1c and establishment of HbA1c normal ranges of different trimesters, when HbA1c is used to diagnose pregnancy combined DM and GDM, and evaluate effects of treatments.
Management of pregnant and postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease using multi-disciplinary team models of care: A systematic review; Background: More women with an increased risk of poor pregnancy outcome due to pre-existing medical conditions are becoming pregnant. Although clinical care provided through multi-disciplinary team (MDT) working is recommended, little is known about the structure or working practices of different MDT models, their impact on maternal and infant outcomes or healthcare resources. The objectives of this review were to consider relevant international evidence to determine the most appropriate MDT models of care to manage complex medical conditions during and after pregnancy, with a specific focus on pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease in high income country settings. Methods: Quantitative and qualitative evidence of MDT models of care for the management of pregnant/postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes and cardiac disease was considered. A search of the literature published between January 2002 - January 2014 was undertaken. Methodological quality was assessed using checklists developed by the Joanna Briggs Institute. Given limited primary and secondary research evidence, guidelines and opinion papers were included. Two independent reviewers conducted critical appraisal of included papers. Results: Nineteen papers were included from UK, Canada, USA, the Netherlands and Singapore. No studies were found which had compared MDT models for pregnant/postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease. Two small retrospective studies reported better outcomes for women with cardiac disease if an MDT approach was used, although evidence to support this was limited. Due to study heterogeneity it was not possible to meta-analyse data. No evidence was identified of MDT management in the postnatal period or impacts of MDT working on healthcare resources. Conclusions: Despite widespread promotion of MDT models of care for pregnant and postnatal women with pre-existing diabetes or cardiac disease, there is a dearth of primary evidence to inform structure or working practices or beneficial impact on maternal and infant outcomes or healthcare resources. Primary research into if or how MDT models of care improve outcomes for women with complex pregnancies is urgently needed.
A descriptive analysis of the indications for caesarean section in mainland China; Background: In recent decades we have observed a remarkable increase in the rate of caesarean section (CS) in both developed and developing countries, especially in China. However, the real reasons for this phenomenon are uncertain. Notably, the number of women requesting elective CS without accepted valid medical indication has also increased, generating a nationwide debate because several studies have shown that this may be the underlying cause of the increase in CS rates observed recently. Therefore, we carried out a multicentre, large-sample, cross-sectional study to describe the CS rate and indications for CS in mainland China during 2011. Methods: This was a multicentre, large-sample, cross-sectional study of women who delivered infants in 39 hospitals in 14 provinces in China during 2011. We selected 111, 315 deliveries that occurred during 2011, excluding miscarriages or termination of pregnancy before 28 gestational weeks. Results: The overall rate of CS in mainland China was 54.90%. The most common indication for CS was caesarean delivery on maternal request (CDMR; 28.43%), followed by cephalo-pelvic disproportion (14.08%), fetal distress (12.46%), previous CS (10.25%), malpresentation and breech presentation (6.56%), macrosomia (6.10%) and other indications (22.12%). CDMR accounted for 15.53% of all the deliveries and 28.43% of all CS deliveries in mainland China. Conclusions: CDMR appears to be a considerable driver behind the increasing CS rate in mainland China. The relaxation of China's "one-child policy" may translate into a greater number of CS because of previous CS delivery. To decrease the CS rate, we should first decrease the rate of CS on maternal request. Appropriate policies and guidelines should be considered to accomplish the goal.
Effects of sulforaphane obtained from broccoli sprout homogenate in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD); BACKGROUND Sickle cell disease (SCD) is the most common hemoglobinopathy worldwide, characterized by chronic complications due to ongoing vaso-occlusion and hemolysis. Previous studies have shown that red cells from individuals with sickle cell disease (HbSS) have reduced NRF2 expression levels, which contribute to decreased oxidative stress capacity and increased hemolysis (Sangokoya, et al. 2010 Blood). Additionally, Macari and Lowry have shown that in vitro NRF2 activation of erythroid progenitors results in induction of anti-oxidant stress response genes, as well as increased percent fetal hemoglobin (HbF), which is known to prevent sickling (2011 Blood). Therefore, we hypothesize that NRF2 activation in SCD patients has potential therapeutic benefits by simultaneously inducing HbF and increasing the anti-oxidative stress capacity of red cells. We proposed to activate NRF2 by using sulforaphane (SFN), a well-known natural product enriched in broccoli sprouts. We conducted an open-label, dose-escalation clinical trial for SCD patients to investigate the safety and physiological effects of NRF2 activation by SFN through ingestion of a broccoli sprout homogenate (BSH). METHODS Male and female adult patients (> 18 years) with either HbSS or HbSβ° thalassemia were enrolled at the Duke Comprehensive Sickle Cell Center adult clinic. Exclusion criteria: RBC transfusion or a change in hydroxyurea dose in the last three months, ongoing pregnancy, diabetes, or renal insufficiency (BUN >21 mg/dL and/or creatinine >1.4 mg/dL). Inclusion criteria: Hematocrit (Hct) ≥ 20% and Hb > 6.0 g/dL. Recruited subjects were instructed to avoid additional SFN-containing foods before and during the study period. Subjects ingested a thawed preparation of BSH once daily for 21 days to allow for repopulation of red cells during therapy. Tolerability, toxicity, and physiological effects of NRF2 activation were determined at pre-treatment baseline (day 0), on the last day of ingestion (day 21), and after a wash-out period (day 49). Five patients were recruited for each dose (50g, 100g), with the smaller dose having elicited no safety concerns. RESULTS No safety concerns were noted among the subjects at either dose. In both cohorts, there were no significant differences in the adverse events, pain scores, complete blood counts, complete metabolic profile, reticulocyte count, and LDH levels when comparing days 0 and 21. In the 50g cohort, there was an overall but not statistically significant increase of average HbF from 14.5% to 14.9% (p=0.0786) in all five patients from Day 0 to Day 21; analyses are incomplete for the higher dose. We also observed a trend of NRF2 mRNA target gene induction, including heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1), NAD(P)H dehydrogenase (quinone 1, NQO1), and globin mRNAs, at day 21 vs day 0, which returned to baseline levels at day 49. In the 50g cohort, we observed a 66% increase of ho-1 and 44% increase of nqo1 mRNA levels at day 21 vs. baseline. In the 100g cohort, we observed a 14% increase of ho-1 and 42% increase of nqo1mRNA levels at day 21 vs. baseline. CONCLUSION Our pilot trial suggests that NRF2 activation by BSH may increase NRF2 expression programs and induce fetal hemoglobin. We aim to enroll more patients at escalating doses, as participants present a wide range of clinical variability and may show variable response. Additionally, the lack of statistical significance at the lowest doses along with a lack of safety concerns strongly compel us to pursue more potent NRF2 inducers to elicit more robust physiological changes for additional clinical trials.
Assigning appropriate and comprehensive diagnosis for scientific report; The use of currently available guidelines such as the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Revision (ICD-10) and its clinical modification to assign a principal diagnosis to a patient who has multiple principal diagnoses appears unreliable. This is because these guidelines are complex and uses criteria that are highly subjective. Even when one main diagnosis is selected, the comprehensive list of other diseases that the patient has is often not reported such that the overall clinical condition of the patient is obscured. To address these issues, we have proposed: (i) a simple, potentially reliable and stepwise guide that can be used to assign the single most appropriate main principal diagnosis to each patient and illustrated this with case reports (ii) how to simultaneously report the main and other diagnoses in a scientific paper. It is hoped that our proposal (named NJ model for easy referencing) will help standardize how diagnosis is assigned to patients.
Genetic and epigenetic catalysts in early-life programming of adult cardiometabolic disorders; Evidence has emerged across the past few decades that the lifetime risk of developing morbidities like type 2 diabetes, obesity, and cardiovascular disease may be influenced by exposures that occur in utero and in childhood. Developmental abnormalities are known to occur at various stages in fetal growth. Epidemiological and mechanistic studies have sought to delineate developmental processes and plausible risk factors influencing pregnancy outcomes and later health. Whether these observations reflect causal processes or are confounded by genetic and social factors remains unclear, although animal (and some human) studies suggest that epigenetic programming events may be involved. Regardless of the causal basis to observations of early-life risk factors and later disease risk, the fact that such associations exist and that they are of a fairly large magnitude justifies further research around this topic. Furthermore, additional information is needed to substantiate public health guidelines on lifestyle behaviors during pregnancy to improve infant health outcomes. Indeed, lifestyle intervention clinical trials in pregnancy are now coming online, where materials and data are being collected that should facilitate understanding of the causal nature of intrauterine exposures related with gestational weight gain, such as elevated maternal blood glucose concentrations. In this review, we provide an overview of these concepts.
International recommandations on physical exercise for pregnant women; Benefits of physical exercise on the physical and psychological health lead to specifics guidelines during pregnancy. For pregnant women, to take part in aerobics exercise (walking, biking) (i.e. 30minutes, three times per week at 60-90% of the maximal heart rate) and strength training (i.e. one to two times per week) is recommended. Physical exercise programs during pregnancy have shown benefits for preventing and treating complications pregnancy (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus, overweight). Benefits of exercise and risks associated with sedentary should be widely diffused among pregnant women and prenatal caregivers.
Predictors of postnatal complications and congenital cardiac diseases in infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes; Aim: In this study, we aimed to evaluate the postnatal problems of infants of mothers with pregestational and gestational diabetes and the clinical properties of infants who were found to have congenital cardiac disease.
A systematic review of metabolite profiling in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims/hypothesis Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes during, as well as subsequent to, pregnancy, including increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Because of the importance of early risk stratification in preventing these complications, improved first-trimester biomarker determination for diagnosing gestational diabetes would enhance our ability to optimise both maternal and fetal health. Metabolomic profiling, the systematic study of small molecule products of biochemical pathways, has shown promise in the identification of key metabolites associated with the pathogenesis of several metabolic diseases, including gestational diabetes. This article provides a systematic review of the current state of research on biomarkers and gestational diabetes and discusses the clinical relevance of metabolomics in the prediction, diagnosis and management of gestational diabetes. Methods We conducted a systematic search of MEDLINE (PubMed) up to the end of February 2014 using the key term combinations of ‘metabolomics,’ ‘metabonomics,’ ‘nuclear magnetic spectroscopy,’ ‘mass spectrometry,’ ‘metabolic profiling’ and ‘amino acid profile’ combined (AND) with ‘gestational diabetes’. Additional articles were identified through searching the reference lists from included studies. Quality assessment of included articles was conducted through the use of QUADOMICS. Results This systematic review included 17 articles. The biomarkers most consistently associated with gestational diabetes were asymmetric dimethylarginine and NEFAs. After QUADOMICS analysis, 13 of the 17 included studies were classified as ‘high quality’. Conclusions/interpretation Existing metabolomic studies of gestational diabetes present inconsistent findings regarding metabolite profile characteristics. Further studies are needed in larger, more racially/ethnically diverse populations.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome.
Physiological and clinical impact of obesity in women with polycystic ovary syndrome and the role of physical activity: Where to from here?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrinopathy, affecting up to 1 in 5 young women. PCOS is a multifaceted disorder with metabolic and reproductive implications. The condition places a significant burden of the healthcare system of ∼$800 million per annum. Metabolic implications include obesity, insulin resistance, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus and risk factors for cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is a central characteristic in the majority of PCOS affected women, driving the clinical features including reproductive (hyperandrogenism, anovulation and infertility) and metabolic (increased type 2 diabetes risks) and cardiovascular risk factors. Not only have women with PCOS been shown to demonstrate insulin resistance that cannot be explained by BMI or visceral fat alone, but that obesity exacerbates all the clinical features and prevalence of PCOS. Underlying mechanisms of insulin resistance remain ill-defined, contributing to the controversy over diagnostic criteria, and a lack of optimal therapies Therapeutic strategies in PCOS include medical therapy (metformin), exercise and diet-induced weight loss, which all reduce, yet do not reverse insulin resistance and fail to optimally treat PCOS. However, these approaches have provided insights into the aetiology of the condition. As such this presentation will contextualise current research in PCOS and explore the impact of obesity in this syndrome highlighting our current understanding of the molecular mechanisms of insulin resistance. Furthermore it will explore the impacts of lifestyle (diet and/or exercise) in preventing weight gain and how this evidence may inform further key research into the aetiology of PCOS and guide more effective therapies for this condition.
Use of fetal echocardigraphy in characterisation of cardiac structure and function in pregancy complicated by gestational diabetes; Objectives: To assess the fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography in detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: In this prospective study, we studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 302 singleton uncomplicated pregnancies and in 302 complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal echocardiography (two-dimensional ultrasound and pulsed wave Doppler imaging) was used to assess functional parameters and to detect any cardiac structural abnormality. Data from clinical and echocardiographic evaluation of newborns at birth and 3months was obtained to confirm the antenatal findings. Results: Mean maternal age was 28.9 years (±5.0) in GDM group and was comparable to women with normal pregnancy. The mean HbA1c was6.3%andmeanbodymassindex (BMI) was 28kg/m2. The systolic function as assessed by EF increased significantly in the GDM group as compared with normal pregnancy group independent of glycemic control. The pulsed wave parameters E and E/A ratio were significantly different in two groups. The interventricular septum and fetal ventricular wall thickness were significantly increased in the presence of GDM (P< 0.001). No major fetal cardiac structure anomaly was detected in either of the groups in the study. On follow up after delivery all newborns were assessed clinically and using transthoracic echocardiography to rule out congenital defects. Conclusions: In our study, significant increase in thickness of interventricular septum and ventricular wall were detected in the presence of GDM.
Elevated cardiovascular risk factors among appalachian women with a history of pregnancy complications; Abstract Introduction: A growing body of evidence links complications of pregnancy (gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and pregnancy-induced hypertension) with double the risk of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) related death in affected women. However, little is known about which CVD risk factors are more prominent among women who have experienced pregnancy complications. Purpose: Compare the presence of modifiable CVD risk factors among women with and without a self-reported history of pregnancy complications living in Appalachian Kentucky- an area with the highest rate of CVD mortality in the U.S. Methods: Rural Kentucky Appalachian women (n = 122, 97% Caucasian, 42 ± 12 years) engaged in a comprehensive measurement of CVD risk factors including body mass index (BMI), waist circumference, blood pressure, A1C, lipid profile (total cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL, and LDL), tobacco smoke exposure (objectively measured with urine cotinine), depression (Patient Health Questionnaire-9), and anxiety (Brief Symptom Inventory). We used independent t-tests and chi-square analysis to compare risk factors between women with and without a history of pregnancy complications. Results: One-fourth of the sample had one or more pregnancy complications: gestational diabetes (8.2%), preeclampsia (6.6%) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (15.6%). Women with at least one pregnancy complication had a higher average BMI (33.4 vs. 30.4, p = .014), larger waist circumference (42.8 vs. 39.1 cm, p = .006), and a higher proportion with moderate to severe symptoms of depression (27.6% vs. 15.9%, p = .02) compared to women without a history of pregnancy complications. There were no differences between groups in systolic or diastolic blood pressure, A1C levels, lipid profiles, tobacco smoke exposure, or anxiety. Conclusions: Women with a history of pregnancy complications have several modifiable risk factors- higher BMI, higher waist circumference, and higher levels of depression- that could constitute a link between past pregnancy complications and their risk of future CVD death. Pinpointing which modifiable risk factors are elevated in these women will help us develop self-management interventions to prevent the development of CVD in this high-risk population.
Family history of cardiovascular disease is an independent predictor of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes: The Korean nurses' survey; Abstract Background: Gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes are well-known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes later in life. However, there were few researches to evaluate the association between family history of cardiovascular disease and the occurrence of pregnancy-related medical disorders. We aimed to investigate whether family history of CVD could predict gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes. Methods: The Korean Nurses' Survey was conducted through web-based computer-assisted self-administered questionnaires, which were compiled by consultation to cardiologists, gynecologists, and statisticians, from October to December 2011. We enrolled a total of 9,989 female registered nurses who could answer reliably the questionnaires based on their medical knowledge. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to clarify the effect of family history of CVD on pregnancy-related medical disorders. Result: In this survey, 3900 subjects had more than 1 pregnancy. Among them, 247 interviewees (6.3%) had experienced hypertensive disorders during pregnancy, which included preeclampsia (n = 160, 4.1%) and transient hypertension (n = 144, 3.7%), and 120 (3.1%) had experienced gestational diabetes. And, 2872 subjects (73.6%) answered that they had at least 1 family history of CVD. Having family history of CVD increased the risk of gestational hypertensive disorders (adjusted RR 1.51, 95% CI 1.08-2.11, p = 0.015) and diabetes (adjusted RR 2.40, 95% CI 1.38-4.17, p = 0.002). In particular, family history of hypertension was significantly associated with gestational hypertensive disorders (adjusted RR 2.00, 95% CI 1.47-2.50, p <0.001), and diabetes was highly related with gestational diabetes (adjusted RR 3.37, 95% CI 2.35-4.83, p <0.001), respectively. Furthermore, this relationship was observed regardless of maternal parity. Conclusion: Family history of CVD was a significant predictor of pregnancy-related medical disorders in this survey. Meticulous history taking for family history of CVD can provide the risk of gestational hypertensive disease and diabetes. Thus, special attention should be paid to women with family history of CVD during pregnancy.
Notch1 haploinsufficiency increases risk of congenital heart defects in the setting of maternal diabetes by an epigenetic mechanism; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common type of birth defect. Epidemiologic studies have shown the importance of genetic and environmental factors in the multifactorial etiology of CHD. Maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the non-genetic risk factors that predisposes to CHD predominantly cardiac septation and cardiac outflow tract defects. DM is known to be associated with endothelial cell dysfunction and we recently demonstrated a genetic interaction between endothelial nitric oxide synthase and Notch1, which encodes a receptor that functions in an important cardiac developmental signaling pathway. We hypothesized that maternal DM in the setting of Notch1 heterozygosity of the developing embryo will predispose to CHD. Notch1+/- embryos (E13.5) exposed to maternal DM demonstrated an increased incidence (86%) of ventricular septal defects compared to wildtype littermates (22%) (Table). Gene expression studies in non-diabetic wildtype, diabetic wildtype and Notch1+/- embryos showed DM was associated with decreased Notch1 mRNA levels and upregulation in Jarid2, a histone H3K9 demethylase known to regulate Notch1. In H9C2 and endocardial-derived cells and chick embryos, we showed that hyperglycemia led to decreased expression of Notch1 and its downstream targets in a dose-dependent manner. Similarly, Jarid2 mRNA levels increased with high glucose. Furthermore, we found reduced luciferase reporter activity in cells transfected with a constitutively active Notch1 intracellular domain with hyperglycemia. Studies demonstrating the relative enrichment of Jarid2 on Notch1 locus with hyperglycemia by ChIP-qPCR will also be presented. Our findings reveal that maternal DM disrupts cardiac development by deregulating the Notch1 signaling pathway and suggest that this gene-environment interaction is mediated by an epigenetic mechanism involving Jarid2 providing the first mechanistic insights for this association.
Clinical features of peripartum spontaneous coronary artery dissection; Background: Spontaneous coronary artery dissection (SCAD) is the principal cause of peripartum myocardial infarction (MI). Clinical features remain incompletely understood. Methods: Medical records of all women enrolled in a SCAD registry at the Mayo Clinic were reviewed to identify those who were either pregnant or ≤12 weeks postpartum at time of initial event. Diagnosis of SCAD was confirmed with coronary angiography in all cases. Obstetrical outcomes and incidence of recurrent SCAD events were assessed. Results: In total, 38 of 363 women enrolled in the registry met criteria for peripartum MI due to SCAD. Mean age at time of SCAD was 36±3 (range 27-42) years; 3 patients were pregnant at the time of initial event, and all pregnancies except 2 resulted in a live birth. Ten (26%) were diagnosed with multivessel SCAD (MV-SCAD). Most (60%) postpartum events occurred within 30 days of delivery. Antecedent co-morbidities included gestational hypertension/preeclampsia (9), fibromuscular dysplasia (7), gestational diabetes (4), and mixed connective tissue disease (1). Compared to US population birth data, women with peripartum SCAD were more likely to be ≤ 30 years at the time of first delivery (60% vs 42%) and more often multiparous (80% vs 59%). On long-term follow-up (median 3.7 years, IQR 1.1-7.1), 5 (13%) women experienced recurrent SCAD, with one episode occurring following a subsequent pregnancy. MV-SCAD was not associated with increased risk of recurrence (p=0.44). Conclusion: Women with peripartum SCAD are both older than the general obstetrical population at the time of first pregnancy and frequently multiparous at time of initial SCAD event. The highest frequency of SCAD was encountered during the first postpartum month, suggesting variations in hormonal and hemodynamic factors may contribute to SCAD events in susceptible women.
Sex differences in cardiovascular risk factors and disease prevention; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) has been seen as a men's disease for decades, however it is more common in women than in men. It is generally assumed in medicine that the effects of the major risk factors (RF) on CVD outcomes are the same in women as in men. Recent evidence has emerged that recognizes new, potentially independent, CVD RF exclusive to women. In particular, common disorders of pregnancy, such as gestational hypertension and diabetes, as well as frequently occurring endocrine disorders in women of reproductive age (e.g. polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and early menopause) are associated with accelerated development of CVD and impaired CVD-free survival.With the recent availability of prospective studies comprising men and women, the equivalency of major RF prevalence and effects on CVD between men and women can be examined. Furthermore, female-specific RFs might be identified enabling early detection of apparently healthy women with a high lifetime risk of CVD.Therefore, we examined the available literature regarding the prevalence and effects of the traditional major RFs for CVD in men and women. This included large prospective cohort studies, cross-sectional studies and registries, as randomised trials are lacking. Furthermore, a literature search was performed to examine the impact of female-specific RFs on the traditional RFs and the occurrence of CVD.We found that the effects of elevated blood pressure, overweight and obesity, and elevated cholesterol on CVD outcomes are largely similar between women and men, however prolonged smoking is significantly more hazardous for women than for men. With respect to female-specific RF only associations (and no absolute risk data) could be found between preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and menopause onset with the occurrence of CVD.This review shows that CVD is the main cause of death in men and women, however the prevalence is higher in women. Determination of the CV risk profile should take into account that there are differences in impact of major CV RF leading to a worse outcome in women. Lifestyle interventions and awareness in women needs more consideration. Furthermore, there is accumulating evidence that female-specific RF are of influence on the impact of major RF and on the onset of CVD. Attention for female specific RF may enable early detection and intervention in apparently healthy women. Studies are needed on how to implement the added RF's in current risk assessment and management strategies to maximize benefit and cost-effectiveness specific in women.
The relationship between epicardial fat thickness and gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with cardiovascular diseases; however, the relationship between epicardial fat thickness (EFT) and GDM remains unclear. The present study evaluates and compares EFT using transthoracic echocardiography in pregnant women with GDM. Materials and methods: This cross-sectional study included 129 pregnant women in the third trimester: 65 with GDM (GDM group) and 64 with uncomplicated pregnancies (control group). As defined by the World Health Organization, the diagnosis of GDM was based on an abnormal 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) results. We used echocardiography to measure EFT in blood samples for all the participants. Results: The postprandial blood glucose level was significantly higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.001). There were no significant differences in BMI, heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure or lipid parameters between the groups. In the GDM group, isovolumic relaxation time (IVRT) parameters were significantly higher than in the control group. EFT was significantly higher in the GDM group (P < 0.001) and was correlated with postprandial glucose, BMI, age, and heart rate in both the groups. Only postprandial glucose and BMI remained significantly associated with EFT after multiple stepwise regression analysis. Conclusion: Echocardiographically measured EFT was significantly higher in the patients with GDM. The findings show that EFT was strongly correlated with postprandial glucose.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and later cardiovascular disease: A Swedish population based case-control study; Objective: To identify if gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a clinically useful marker of future cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk and if GDM combined with other risks (smoking, hypertension or body mass) identifies high-risk groups.
Perinatal features of the RASopathies: Noonan syndrome, Cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome and Costello syndrome; The RASopathies are a family of developmental disorders caused by heritable defects of the RAS/MAPK signaling pathway. While the postnatal presentation of this group of disorders is well known, the prenatal and neonatal findings are less widely recognized. We report on the perinatal presentation of 10 patients with Noonan syndrome (NS), nine with Cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome (CFCS) and three with Costello syndrome (CS), in conjunction with the results of a comprehensive literature review. The majority of perinatal findings in NS, CS, and CFCS are shared: polyhydramnios; prematurity; lymphatic dysplasia; macrosomia; relative macrocephaly; respiratory distress; hypotonia, as well as cardiac and renal anomalies. In contrast, fetal arrhythmia and neonatal hypoglycemia are relatively specific to CS. NS, CS, and CFCS should all be considered as a possible diagnosis in pregnancies with a normal karyotype and ultrasound findings of a RASopathy. Recognition of the common perinatal findings of these disorders should facilitate both their prenatal and neonatal diagnosis.
Association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of specific congenital heart defects: A population-based study; Objective Previous epidemiological studies have evaluated cases with all congenital heart defects (CHDs), rather than analysing different types of CHD. The objective of this study was to evaluate the possible association of certain chronic maternal diseases with the risk of different types of CHD, because the role of possible environmental factors in the origin of CHDs is unclear in the vast majority of patients. Study design Different types of CHD, diagnosed after lethal outcome (autopsy report) or after surgical intervention (catheter or correction), were evaluated in order to estimate the possible role of chronic maternal diseases in their origin. This analysis was based on the rates of medically recorded chronic maternal diseases in 3562 live-born cases with CHDs, 38,151 population controls without any birth defects, and 16,602 malformed controls with other isolated congenital abnormalities, using the data set of the population-based Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities (1980-1996). Results Maternal epilepsy treated with carbamazepine and migraine were found to be associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect; panic disorders were associated with higher risk of hypoplastic left heart; type I diabetes mellitus was associated with higher risk of coarctation of the aorta; chronic hypertension was associated with higher risk of ventricular septal defect, common atrioventricular canal and common truncus; and paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia was associated with higher risk of atrial septal defect secundum, common atrioventricular canal and ventricular septal defect. Conclusion In conclusion, certain chronic maternal diseases were found to be associated with higher risk of specific CHDs. Appropriate treatment of these diseases may help to prevent these CHDs.
Maternal periodontal disease as a significant risk factor for low birth weight in pregnant women attending a secondary care hospital in South India: a case-control study; CONTEXT: Periodontal disease (PD) is a common infection in the community; however, its relationship with low birth weight (LBW) has not been well-established.
Modeling to predict severe maternal morbidity based on 33993 deliveries of registered study in China; Objectives: To set a model to predict the Severe Maternal Morbidity (SMM) and specify the risk factors based on a registered study in Sichuan province, China. Methods: Overall 33993 deliveries of 8 hospitals in Sichuan province of China were consecutively collected between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2010 in our database. The forward and backward stepwise regression methods were adapted respectively to screen independent risk factors of SMM, and a logistic model was set to predict the SMM by STATA 12.0. The areas under receiver operator characteristic (ROC) curve and agreement rate were used to evaluate the prediction model. Results: Three kinds of unexpected surgeries, transfusion, hysterectomy, ICU care, Multiple Organ Dysfunction Syndrome (MODS) were chosen as the outcomes of SMM by literature review and expert consensus. The rate of SMM was 2.30% in 33993 deliveries. All specified and substantially significant risk factors were divided in four aspects. Social characteristics included the hometown location of pregnant women. Pre-delivery characteristics were gestational weeks, multiparity, abnormal pregnancy history, PPH history and smoking. The coexisted diseases and complications of pregnancy were gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and eclampsia, other gestational hypertension diseases, placenta previa, placenta increta, hematological disease, cardiac disease and gynecological diseases. The delivery characteristics contained styles of onset labor, midwifery, episiotomy, macrosomia, fetal death, premature rupture of membrane, uterotonic treatment. The areas under ROC curve and agreement rate were 0.87 and 98.05% respectively. Conclusions: SMM can reflect the severe degree of maternal outcomes indirectly, but also illustrate potential maternal health in a country or area by providing information to influence the delivery of health services and health policy. Our model specified dozens of risk factors and had considerably higher value of ROC area and agreement rate. We will perform the prospective research to predict and prevent the SMM in future.
Newborn screening for severe combined immunodeficiency in Iowa: Results of a one year pilot study; Introduction: Early recognition of severe combined immunodeficiency (SCID) is integral in the adoption of timely life-saving interventions, like hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for an infant born with the disorder. Population-based, inexpensive, and sensitive newborn screening (NBS) for SCID involves measurement of T-cell receptor excision circles (TRECs) via a quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay. Here we summarize the results of Iowa's one year SCID NBS pilot program. Methods: A TREC qPCR assay using DNA isolated from dried blood spots was developed by the State Hygienic Lab and ran on all infants born in Iowa during the June 3, 2013-June 31, 2014 pilot year. Samples with initial abnormal results were repeated and immunophenotyping was performed on all infants with abnormal results. Results: Of 43,930 infants screened, 13 were presumptive positive for SCID; one remained indeterminate on repeat screening. Threshold for abnormal results was revised twice during the pilot. Of these 14 infants, 6 were identified in the first month of the pilot and 8 were identified after cut-offs were revised in February 2014; 10 (71%) were male, 8 (57%) were in an intensive care unit, 3 (21%) were Hispanic, 3 (21%) were infants of diabetic mothers and 2 (14%) had congenital heart disease. Immunophenotyping was without significant Tcell lymphopenia ( CD3 < 1500 cells/ml, or absence/marked reduction in CD4 naïve T cells [CD4/CD45RA] < 5% of total CD3 T cells) in 11 infants, including one with 22q11.2 deletion syndrome. Significant T-cell lymphopenia was found in 3 (21%) infants; however, T-cell function (assessed as lymphocyte proliferation to phytohemagglutinin) was normal and none was found to have SCID. Three infants with significant T-cell lymphopenia underwent additional testing and clinical outcomes were monitored. One infant was diagnosed with Jacobsen syndrome with associated cytopenias, one with 18p deletion syndrome and complex congenital heart disease and one with no causative genetic mutation yet identified. Conclusion: In the first year of Iowa's SCID NBS program no SCID babies were identified; however, a variety of other conditions with Tcell lymphopenia were found. This finding is similar to that of other states reporting TREC NBS and may help to improve our understanding of other conditions that present with T-cell lymphopenia.
ITU admissions in consecutive pregnancies-a clinical conundrum; Case: A 33-year-old gravida 10 Para 8 was booked for consultant- led obstetric care in view of her history including previous preterm delivery, growth restricted babies, gestational diabetes, seizure in pregnancies with no cause identified and hypothyroidism. She was admitted at 29 weeks of gestation in previous pregnancy feeling unwell and managed in the intensive care unit (ICU) with the differential diagnoses of hyperthyroidism and dehydration. She was admitted at 20 weeks in the current pregnancy with back pain and vomiting. There was severe metabolic acidosis with lactate of 13.4 and was transferred to ICU. Husband informed that she was taking paracetamol with cocodamol. Renal and thyroid function tests were normal with raised bilirubin (57) and ALT (1310). Paracetamol level was 57. Scan confirmed fetal death and she delivered a macerated fetus after induction. USS abdomen, CT head, Chest X-ray and ECHO were normal. Advice was sought from National Poisons Information Service and they suggested that paracetamol or amitriptyline overdose were possible but such high lactate levels unusual. Leeds Liver unit advised to continue N-Acetyl cysteine until INR normalises. Toxicology screen, hepatitis serology, serum iron, ethanol levels, MRI brain, autoantibody screen and lumbar puncture results were normal. Obstetric, neurology and endocrinology follow-ups were arranged. Differential diagnoses were severe metabolic acidosis due to intrauterine fetal death, toxic encephalopathy and paracetamol overdose but the clinical picture was very mixed. She had some features of paracetamol toxicity like hepatotoxicity, lactic acidosis and encephalopathy. Tachycardia and dilated pupils were suggestive of amitriptyline overdose. She is now 20 weeks pregnant in her 11th pregnancy. It is still unclear whether there is any recurrent problem in her pregnancies leading to significant clinical deterioration.
Gestational diabetes alters the phenotype and redox signaling in human umbilical artery smooth muscle cells; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with first recognition during pregnancy[1]. Offspring from GDM pregnancies have a higher risk of cardiovascular diseases in later life, most likely as a consequence of fetal programming[1,2]. We have previously reported that Nrf2 regulated redox signaling in fetal umbilical vein endothelial cells is impaired as a result of increased oxidative stress in GDM [3]. In the present study, we have characterized the phenotype of fetal umbilical artery smooth muscle cells (HUASMC) isolated from normal and GDM pregnancies. Following explant culture, normal and GDM HUASMC exhibited a similar phenotype based on basal intracellular GSH levels, reactive oxygen species production and protein carbonylation. However, transcriptional activation of the antioxidant gene heme oxygenase-1 in response to the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal was significantly diminished in GDM cells, suggesting that adaptive upregulation of antioxidant enzymes via Nrf2 may be compromised under oxidative stress during the pathogenesis of GDM. Furthermore, microarray analysis of the mRNA expression profile revealed an altered expression pattern of genes related to lipid metabolism, indicating that epigenetic modifications in GDM may underlie the increased vulnerability in response to stress, potentially contributing to an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease in the offspring of GDM mothers.
Ethnic specific differences in survival with type 2 diabetes: An Australian multi-ethnic cohort study; Background: In Australia, higher prevalence of diabetes, complications and mortality have been shown in the indigenous population. Comparisons of other ethnic groups are relatively less studied. The multi-cultural society of Australia provides an ideal setting to examine differences in the characteristics of their Type 2 diabetes. When all ethnic groups are simultaneously studied in one country, the potential effects of variable access to health care is minimized. This study aims to examine the survival of patients with type 2 diabetes from seven ethnic groups, living in a shared environment in an Australian city. Method: Clinical data and Hazard Ratio of death (HR) after diagnosis of Type 2 diabetes were compared between Anglo-Celtics (5433), Australian Aborigines (439), Pacific Islander (354), Mediterranean (3138), Arabic (768), Indian (702) and Chinese (1632) patients who have attended the Royal Prince Alfred Hospital Diabetes Centre, >95% of whom live in metropolitan Sydney. Excluded patientswere post-transplant, gestational diabetes, Type 1 diabetes and recent hospitalised patients who died within 8 months of their first visit to the Centre. Mortality was ascertained by data-linkage of our clinical database with the Australian National Death Index. The association of ethnicity with HbA1c, diabetes/vascular complications, cardiovascular risk factors and duration of diabetes were analysed by Cox regression. The importance of socio-economic status and fluency in English were also examined. Result: There were significant differences in survival between the ethnic groups; the Aborigines had the highest HR (2.3) and the Chinese the lowest (0.4). The survival of the Anglo-Celtics (HR 1) was surprisingly poorer than for Indian (0.6), Arab (0.7) and Mediterranean groups (0.8). Prevalence of smoking and albuminuria were strongly associated with HR. The better and worse survival of Chinese and Aborigines respectively remained after adjustment of risk factors. Need for an interpreter but not socio-economic status was a favourable risk factor for survival. Conclusion: Ethnicity is a significant determinant of survival rates in our patients with type 2 diabetes. This is substantially mediated by smoking and vascular risk factors although there are some residual undefined factors leading to better or worse survival. The favourable impact associated with less English fluency may represent a healthy effect of recent migration.
Sibling history is more strongly correlated with diabetes than parental history among high-risk adults in Shanghai; Background: Family history of diabetes has been recognized as an important risk factor of the disease. Family history represents valuable genomic information because it characterizes the combined interactions between environmental, behavioral, and genetic factors [1]. The association between family history of diabetes and risk for the disease has been well documented. Individuals who have a family history of diabetes can have two to six times the risk of type 2 diabetes compared with individuals with no family history of the disease [2-3]. The use of family history as part of a comprehensive risk assessment for an individual can be crucial in the prevention, early detection, and treatment of type 2 diabetes. On a population level, family history may help tailor health promotion messages for specific population groups [4]. The objective of this study was to test the association between categorized level of familial risk of diabetes and the prevalence of the disease among high-risk adults in the Shanghai population. Method: From 2002 to 2012, 10043 subjects with known risk factors for diabetes participated in the diabetes-screening project at the Shanghai Sixth People's Hospital of Shanghai Jiao Tong University. All participants were asked to complete a nurse-administered standard questionnaire concerning age, sex, smoking status, and personal and family histories of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, stroke, hypertension and other diseases. Familial risk of diabetes was classified as Paternal, maternal, Paternal and maternal, and sibling. The prevalence and the odds of having diabetes were estimated for each risk class after accounting for other risk factors. The participants' Body Mass Index scores, blood pressures and blood glucose levels at 0, 30, 60, 120 and 180 min were measured in response to a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. (Figure presented) Result: Overall, 7.3% of the high risk adults had a diabetic father, 11.7% had a diabetic mother, 2% had both diabetic father and mother, and 5.5% had at least one diabetic sibling. The crude prevalence of diabetes for each risk class was 35.5, 38.8, and 46.7%, respectively. The graded association between familial risk and prevalence of diabetes remained even after accounting for sex, age, BMI, and living place. Versus people without family history, independently of other risk factors considered, the odds of having diabetes for people in the paternal, maternal, paternal and maternal, and sibling categories were, respectively, 1.27, 1.31, 1.43 and 1.51 times higher. Conclusion: In the Shanghai high-risk population, family history of diabetes has a significant, independent, and graded association with the prevalence of diabetes. A positive sibling history is more strongly correlated with the prevalence of diabetes than a positive parental history. This finding may indicate the possible role of environmental factors in a shared household in addition to the genetic factors involved in family history.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac structure and function of gestational diabetes mellitus by Echocardiography; Objectives: To investigate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal cardiac structure and function. Methods: 96 pregnancies of well controlledGDMwith 71 pregnancies with diet control and 25 pregnancies with insulin treatment and the same period 176 normal pregnancies were studied. All the fetuses were divided into 2 groups: <28, ±28 weeks. The inner diameters of atrioventricular cavity, ventricular cavity, aorta and pulmonary artery were measured by two-dimensional ultrasound. The peak blood flow velocity of each valve orifice were measured by pulse doppler waveforms. M mode was obtained with afterprocessing of STIC. The thickness of ventricular wall and interventricular septal were measured with M mode. The end of systolic and diastolic ventricular volume were measured with afterprocessing of STIC. The left and right ventricular SV, EF and CO were calculated. The early diastolic velocity (Ea) and late diastolic velocity (Aa) of mitral annulus and tricuspid annulus were obtained by TDI.In the meantime, isovolumic contraction time (ICT), isovolumic relaxation time (IRT) together with ejection time (ET) were also acquired. The index of left and right ventricular Tei were calculated. The fetal cardiac function of GDM and normal pregnancy were compared. Results: There was no statistics difference on all the parameters before 28th week of pregnancy. After 28th weeks of pregnancy, there was a significant increase in ventricular walls and interventricular septal thickness in GDM with insulin treatment compared with normal pregnancies. After 28th weeks of pregnancy, Ea/Aa of tricuspid annulus were smaller in GDM with insulin treatment than that of diet control. There was no difference of other parameters in GDM group with that of normal group. Conclusions: Gestational diabetes mellitus affect fetal heart mainly in the third pregnancy. After 28th weeks of pregnancy, there was a significant increase in ventricular walls and interventricular septal thickness in GDM with insulin treatment compared with normal pregnancies. The diastolic function is mainly impaired. The diastolic function of right ventricle was lower in GDM with insulin treatment compared with pregnancies with diet control.
The diabetic pregnancy and offspring adiposity in childhood: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Aims/hypothesis Offspring of mothers with diabetes (ODM) are at greater risk of adverse metabolic outcome in later life. Increased adiposity is a plausible mediator. We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of studies examining adiposity in children in relation to maternal diabetes Methods Citations were identified in Pubmed. Authors were contacted for additional data. Fat-free mass, fat mass, body fat percentage, triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness were compared in children of mothers with and without diabetes. Subgroup analysis of type of maternal diabetes was performed. A random effects analysis was used Results Ten studies examining body composition and eight examining skinfold thickness were included in the meta-analysis. The mean (SD) age of children was 8.1 (3.7) years. ODM had higher fat mass (1.69 kg [0.96, 2.43]; p < 0.00001), fat-free mass (0.58 kg [0.10, 1.06]; p = 0.02), body fat percentage (2.3% [1.0, 3.7]; p = 0.0008), triceps (1.2 mm [0.3, 2.2]; p = 0.01) and subscapular skinfold thickness (1.6 mm [0.6, 2.6]; p = 0.001), than children of non-diabetic mothers. Offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes had higher fat mass, body fat percentage, triceps and subscapular skinfold thickness, but similar fat free mass. Separate data for type 1 diabetes and type 2 diabetes were only available in 3 studies for body fat percentage, which was higher in ODM Conclusion ODM have greater adiposity than children born to non-diabetic mothers. Persistence or amplification of adiposity in adult life may explain the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in ODM. Differences related to type of maternal diabetes require further investigation. (Table presented) .
Cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother; Objectives To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Methods: Patients:89 IDMs newborns investigated in the first week of life and 53 of them re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG,cardiothoracic radiography (Rx. CT), chocardiography (Echo). Fetal echo:in 38 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results Fetal Echo:cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of LV(11 cases), confirmed by postnatal Echo. Clinical exam:macrosomia (40%), systolic murmur (32), 3 cases with signs of heart failure, the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology. ECG: LV hypertrophy (14) and disturbed ventricular repolarization (30). Rx. CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (6), LV diastolic dysfunction,normal systolic function (52%), congenital cardiac anomalies (16%). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control at 6-12 months revealed: normal morphological cardiac aspect (42) or significant reduction of HCMP (11), all normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high incidence for cardiac involvement: cardiac congenital malformations (16%) or acquired cardiac pathology: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (42%) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (54%), symptomatic or asymptomatic. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women. Early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms, especially by echo that is the most sensitive, noninvasive method for initial diagnosis as well as for follow up.
Antenatal diagnosis of cardiovascular malformations in infants of diabetic mothers: A dgh experience; Background Pre-existing maternal diabetes is associated with a five-fold increase in the prevalence of congenital cardiovascular malformation (CVM). NICE guidelines recommend that pregnant women with diabetes should be offered antenatal examination of the four-chamber view of the fetal heart and outflow tracts at 18-20 weeks to detect congenital malformations. Aim The primary objectives of the audit were to find out the prevalence of CVM in infants of diabetic mothers and the success rate of fetal-echocardiography in diagnosing CVM antenatally. Our secondary objectives were to find out the number of diabetic mothers booked for delivery at the Sunderland Royal Hospital and the percentage of diabetic pregnancies referred for antenatal cardiac screening. Methods This was a retrospective audit. Data was collected from all diabetic mothers booked for antenatal care between April 2004 and December 2008 and the corresponding cohort of infants with cardiovascular malformations born between May 2004 and May 2010. Results 89% of the 102 diabetic mothers had undergone antenatal cardiac screening. 180 infants were born with CVM during the study period (1.09% of total births). Of these, five infants were born to diabetic mothers (4.9%). Fetal echocardiogram gave the correct diagnosis in 96.7% of the cases with a specificity of 100% and a sensitivity of 25%. Conclusions 89% of the diabetic mothers had undergone antenatal cardiac screening. Maternal diabetes is associated with 4.9% risk of CVM. VSD is the most common CVM in maternal diabetes. Fetal echocardiogram gave the correct diagnosis in 96.7% of the cases.
Evaluation of left ventricular myocardial functions using strain, and strain rate ECHO in pregnant patients with gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GDM) leads to development of risks including preeclampsia for the mother, and the baby during pregnancy, and dystocia. It is also recognized that women with GDM carries higher risk of frank DM, and in this group onset of atherosclerosis manifest at an earlier age. Various studies have evidenced that diabetes mellitus effects left ventricular systolic, and diastolic functions During process of normal pregnancy, many literature studies have evaluated deformation characteristics of the left ventricle. However in pregnants with GDM, adequate literature data are lacking about evaluation of myocardial functions using strain, and strain rate ECG, and comparison with those of the normal pregnants. Method: Thirty-nine normal pregnants, and 24 pregnants with GDM in their 22.-28. gestational weeks were included in the study GDM was defined as serum glucose levels over 140 mg/dL 1 hour after 50 g oral glucose loading. For measurements Philips ie33 echocardiography device was used. Left ventricular functions were evaluated using conventional tissue Doppler techniques, strain (S), strain rate (Sr) echocardiograms. Longitudinal peak systolic S, and Sr data were measured from basal segments of the left ventricular walls. Results: Apart from body surface area, body weights, and OGTT test results after 50 g glucose loading, other demographic characteristics were comparable. (normal: mean age 28.5±4.1 years, gestational week 26±5 weeks,; MS: mean age:29.9±5.6 years, gestational week, 25±5 weeks). Conventional Doppler findings were similar both in normal pregnants, and pregnants with GDM. As tissue Doppler data demonstrated significantly lower interventricular septum early diastolic mitral valvular velocity (Em) in pregnants with GDM (12.9±2.3 vs 11.5±2.3 cm/s, p<0.05), and significantly higher mitral flow E/Em ratio (7.0±1.1 vs 8.2±1.6, p<0.05) were detected. As for regional systolic S, and Sr values, a significant difference was not found between normal pregnants, and the control group (normal pregnants: mean Strain % -19.3±7.6 %, mean strain rate -1.9±0.6 sec-1; pregnants with GDM: mean strain -18.7±4.7 %, mean strain rate -1.2±1.7 sec-1). Conclusion: These data demonstrated that GDM does not effect left ventricular systolic functions, however it leads to changes in diastolic functions reflecting on E/Em ratio.
Epicardial fat, and intima-media thickness in patients with gestational diabetes; Introduction: During pregnancy placenta secretes diabetogenic hormones as growth hormone, progesterone, and insulin resistance emerges. If pancreas of the pregnant woman does not have the capacity to overcome insulin resistance, the gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is seen. GDM leads to development of risks including preeclampsia for the mother, and the baby during pregnancy, and dystocia. It is also recognized that women with GDM carries higher risk of frank DM, and in this group onset of atherosclerosis manifests at an earlier age. Thickness of epicardial adipose tissue, and carotid intima-media (CIMT) is considered as a marker of atherosclerosis. These markers which can be easily evaluated using transthoracic echocardiography, and ultrasound. make significant contributions which provide guidance for the diagnosis, and treatment of the disease. When the women with gestational diabetes compared with normal individuals, epicardial adipose tissue thickness, and CIMT were found to be increased. However adequate data about thickness of epicardial fat tissue are lacking. In this study, we aimed to evaluate atherosclerotic process during pregnancy, and compare this process with normal pregnants. Method: Thirty-nine normal pregnants, and 24 pregnants with GDM in their 22.-28. gestational weeks were included in the study GDM was defined as serum glucose levels over 140 mg/dL 1 hour after 50 g oral glucose loading. Thickness of epicardial adipose tissue of both groups was compared using transthoracic echocardiography, and carotid IMT with ultrasound. For measurements Philips ie33 echocardiography device was used. Results: Apart from body surface area, body weights, and OGTT test results after 50 g glucose loading, other demographic characteristics were comparable. (normal: mean age 28.5±4.1 years, gestational week 26±5 weeks,; MS: mean age:29.9±5.6 years, gestational week, 25±5 weeks). Any significant intergroup difference was not found as for thickness of the epicardial adipose tissue (thickness of the epicardial adipose tissue: normal 5.3±1.3 mm, GDM 5.2±0.9 mm, p>0.05). However mean CIMT of the pregnants with GDM was significantly increased relative to normal CIMT. (CIMT: normal 0.43±0.3 mm, GDM 0.45±0.2 mm, p=0.01). Conclusion: In this study, it has been demonstrated that in pregnants with gestational diabetes who were under the risk of atherosclerosis in advanced age, thickness of the epicardial adipose tissue which is one of the markers of atherosclerotic process did not change during pregnancy, however an increase in CIMT was observed.
Umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants born at </= 30 weeks gestational age; RATIONALE: Umbilical cord blood gas analysis provides an objective method to assess fetal gas exchange and perinatal metabolic state. Our objective was to define the relationship between umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants </= 30 weeks gestational age (GA). We hypothesize that those premature infants, defined as </=30 weeks GA, with early blood gas values of lower pH, PaO2 and higher PaCO2 values will have prolonged NICU stays with a greater need for respiratory support. METHODS: An electronic database and manual chart review of all babies born at </= 30 weeks GA at Scripps Hospital between 2006-2009, was conducted using search terms related to NICU admission and prematurity. We excluded patients with multi-organ or cardiac disease. Our data collection included: first umbilical cord blood gases, maternal history, pregnancy, labor, delivery and NICU outcome parameters. The statistical methods included fisher exact test and chi square analysis as appropriate, and significance was defined as p value<0.05. RESULTS: We identified 30 high-risk patients. There was a statistically significant association when comparing groups with first cord blood gas paO2 </=40 mmHg versus caesarean delivery (n =26, p=0.05) and groups with base excess >-10 versus groups with </= 14 day O2 requirement (n=24, p=0.02). We also found paO2 </= 20 mmHg versus >7 day O2 requirement trending toward significance (n=24, p= 0.055). There was no significant difference when comparing gradients of pH (7.0, 7.1, 7.2, 7.3), paO2 (30,50 mmHg), PaCO2 (40, 50, 60, 70 mmHg), BE (-5) with length of NICU stay (14, 21, 30, 50 days), length of oxygen requirement (7, 14, 21 days), maternal steroid administration, maternal age (>/= or </=25, 35 years), presence of maternal diabetes or bleeding, and Apgar scores at 1 and 5 minutes </= 7/10. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed significance between </= 20 mm paO2 and caesarean delivery, BE and oxygen requirement in the first fourteen days of life. However, our study did not find a direct association between pH and indicators of respiratory outcome in the NICU. The importance of early umbilical cord gas exchange on long-term premature infant respiratory outcomes may provide insight regarding early gas exchange in premature neonates and early NICU stay and further studies are required to delineate this relationship.
Lipid metabolism in maternal diabetes. Role of PPARs activation; Maternal diabetes impairs feto-placental development and induces intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Peroxisome proliferator activated receptors (PPARs) are ligand activated transcription factors that regulate metabolic, anti-inflammatory and developmental processes. In maternal diabetes, theinduced metabolic impairments, intrauterine pro-inflammatory environment and developmental defects make PPARsa relevant focus of investigation. The three PPAR isotypes(PPARα, PPARγ and PPARδ)are expressed and relevant in the placenta, and the expression of PPARα and PPARγis altered in the placentaof experimental models of diabetes and diabetic patients. PPARs activation in the placenta has relevant function in the regulation of lipid metabolism and lipoperoxidation. In fetuses from diabetic rats, lipid metabolism, lipoperoxidation and several pro-inflammatory markers are regulated by the activation of the three PPAR isotypes. Impaired formation of arachidonic acid derivatives that activate PPARs is observed in diabetic intrauterine tissues. Maternal treatments enriched in unsaturated fatty acids are capable of activating PPARs in fetuses and placentas. Our results show that the intrauterine activation of PPARs leads to the regulation of impairments in lipid homeostasis, pro-inflammatory pathways and growth in placentas and fetuses from experimental models of diabetes in pregnancy. Moreover, their regulatory effects are evident also in the offspring of diabetic animals.
Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy and risk of autoimmune, cardiovascular and malignant diseases: A population-based cohort study of 125,281 Swedish women; INTRODUCTION: Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is the most common liver disease in pregnancy and closely associated with prevalent and future hepatobiliary diseases. In addition, ICP bears an almost 3-times higher risk of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. AIMS & METHODS: We now aimed to find possible associations between ICP and autoimmune, cardiovascular and major malignant diseases. We analyzed data of women with births between 1973 and 2009 and registered in the Swedish Medical Birth Register. By linkage with the Swedish Patient Register, we identified 11,388 women with ICP who were matched to 113,893 women without this diagnosis. Diagnoses of autoimmune, cardiovascular and major malignant diseases (breast, uterus, lung, colorectal, hepatobiliary) were obtained from the Patient Register. Main outcome measures were hazard ratios (HRs) for later disease in women with ICP at <1 year, 1-5 years, >5 years after delivery. Risk estimates were calculated through Cox regression and logistic regression analysis. RESULTS: Women with ICP were more often diagnosed with later autoimmune disease (HR 1.25; 95% CI 1.16 - 1.35; p<0.0001). The risk was specifically increased for diabetes mellitus (HR 1.46; CI 1.25 - 1.71), thyroid disease (HR 1.26; CI 1.11-1.23), Crohn's disease (HR 1.55; CI 1.14-2.11), psoriasis (HR 1.23; CI 1.04-1.46) and inflammatory polyarthropathias (HR 1.32; CI 1.10-1.56), as compared to women without ICP. Women with ICP were also at increased risk for liver (HR 3.51; CI 1.64-7.58) and biliary (HR 2.49; CI 1.19-5.21) malignancies. The risk of cardiovascular disease was not increased. CONCLUSION: Women with ICP have increased risk to be later diagnosed with autoimmune diseases, in particular diabetes mellitus. This however, was not reflected by increased risk of cardiovascular diseases. The close association of ICP with hepatobiliary diseases also comprises increased risk of liver and biliary tree cancers.
Association of Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) with subclinical atherosclerosis: A systemic review and meta-analysis; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of adverse health outcomes such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) is increasingly used as a noninvasive marker for subclinical atherosclerosis. Whether there is a direct correlation between GDM and elevated cIMT is still controversial.Methods: PubMed, Embase and reference lists of relevant papers were reviewed. Studies assessing the relationship between GDM and cIMT were included. Weighted Mean Difference (WMD) of cIMT was calculated using random-effect models. Results: Fifteen studies with a total of 2247 subjects were included in our analysis, giving a pooled WMD of 0.05 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.03 -0.07). Furthermore, meta regression and subgroup analysis found that the association between GDM and larger cIMT already existed during pregnancy, and this relation was stronger in obese GDM patients. Conclusions: GDM in and after pregnancy is associated with subclinical atherosclerosis. Weight control may be helpful to prevent cardiovascular diseases for GDM patients.
Management of diabetes in pregnancy: Antenatal follow-up and decisions concerning timing and mode of delivery; Pregnancy in women with diabetes remains complicated despite improvements in glucose control. This seems mainly due to the fact that normoglycemia is still outside of reach. Congenital malformations are already significantly increased in the case of HbA1c values of 2-4SD above the mean, and fetal macrosomia is increasing in incidence. The latter may be due to an increase in maternal body mass index (BMI), absence of cardiovascular complications, better placentation, and increased weight gain during pregnancy. Severe maternal hypoglycemia is a frequent complication during the first trimester of pregnancy. The outcome is generally poorer in the case of type-2 diabetes as compared to type-1, which is likely to be due to a higher incidence of maternal metabolic syndrome. In this article, preconceptional and antenatal management and the mode and timing of delivery are discussed, both for women with preexisting diabetes and for those with gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fast food consumption and gestational diabetes incidence in the SUN project; Background: Gestational diabetes prevalence is increasing, mostly because obesity among women of reproductive age is continuously escalating. We aimed to investigate the incidence of gestational diabetes according to the consumption of fast food in a cohort of university graduates. Methods: The prospective dynamic "Seguimiento Universidad de Navarra" (SUN) cohort included data of 3,048 women initially free of diabetes or previous gestational diabetes who reported at least one pregnancy between December 1999 and March 2011. Fast food consumption was assessed through a validated 136-item semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Fast food was defined as the consumption of hamburgers, sausages, and pizza. Three categories of fast food were established: low (0-3 servings/month), intermediate (.3 servings/month and #2 servings/week) and high (.2 servings/week). Non-conditional logistic regression models were used to adjust for potential confounders. Results: We identified 159 incident cases of gestational diabetes during follow-up. After adjusting for age, baseline body mass index, total energy intake, smoking, physical activity, family history of diabetes, cardiovascular disease/hypertension at baseline, parity, adherence to Mediterranean dietary pattern, alcohol intake, fiber intake, and sugar-sweetened soft drinks consumption, fast food consumption was significantly associated with a higher risk of incident gestational diabetes, with multivariate adjusted OR of 1.31 (95% conficence interval [CI]:0.81-2.13) and 1.86 (95% CI: 1.13-3.06) for the intermediate and high categories, respectively, versus the lowest category of baseline fast food consumption (p for linear trend: 0.007). Conclusion: Our results suggest that pre-pregnancy higher consumption of fast food is an independent risk factor for gestational diabetes.
Association of stillbirth with type 2 diabetes development and future cardiovascular events in women with and without gestational diabetes: A population-based cohort study; Background and aims: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for the onset of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease in the years following pregnancy. Aim of the study was to estimate the incidence of T2DM and cardiovascular events in women with previous GDM and in those with normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy and to evaluate the role of stillbirth in differentiating the risks. Materials and methods: A population-based cohort study using administrative data of 12 local health authorities in Puglia, Italy, during the index period from January 1, 2002, to December 31, 2010 was conducted. From a population-based sample of 2.1 million women we identified those with a diagnosis of GDM during the index period and they were propensity-matched on a 1-to-3 basis with women without GDM or diabetes mellitus. Characteristics that were matched were age, local health authority code, use of antihypertensive and antithrombotic agents. Main outcome measures were T2DM development and hospitalizations for cardiovascular events occurring after a pregnancy complicated by GDM and ended at term or in miscarriage. Results: There were 3851 women with GDM (mean age 37.1±5.9 years) and 11553 matched controls without GDM. During a median follow-up of 5.4 years, the incidence rate of T2DM was of 2.1 per 1000 person-years in women without GDM, of 54.0 per 1000 person-years among women with GDM and pregnancy at term, and 115.0 per 1000 person-years among women with GDM and a pregnancy ended in stillbirth. The cumulative IRs of T2DM development showed that GDM increased the risk of T2DM by 21.7 times, while GDM complicated by stillbirth increased the risk of T2DM by 46.9 times as compared with women with a normal pregnancy. GDM and stillbirth during GDM were associated with a significantly higher risk of cardiovascular events compared with normal pregnancy (IRR, 2.4;95% CI, 1.5 to 3.8 and IRR, 16.7; 95% CI, 3.7 to 74.7, respectively). Conclusion: Pregnancy complicated by GDM and ended in stillbirth represents a decisive factor in determining the development of T2DM and future cardiovascular events. For this reason these women deserve a careful followup.
Blood pressure, microalbuminuria and weight gain in women with gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2diabetes and associated vasculopathy. Moreover, more than 30% of the women have overweight or obesity. The aim of the present work was to study the relationship between overweight/ obesity and weight gain during the pregnancy and the development of hypertension in women with gestational Diabetes. Moreover, we studied the urinary albumin excretion and its possible relationship with blood pressure levels and the glucose abnormalities in women with GDM. Materials and methods: We prospectively studied 422 women with GDM. We evaluated: glucose control (HbA1c/monthly, need of insulin therapy), BMI (before the pregnancy), Weight gain (according to IOM, 2009). Blood pressure was measured at each office visit. We defined hypertension when the confirmed blood pressure levels were SBP/DBP >=140/90 mmHg or antihypertensive treatment. Microalbuminuria and glomerular filtration by MDRD were measured. We collected obstetric history, personal history of GDM and personal and family history of cardiovascular risk factors. Results: The mean age was 33,45 ± 4,5 yrs.; 26,25% smoking, 15,6% history of dyslipemia, 30% had history of previous abortions, 62,34% of women had first-degree relatives with type 2 DM and 59,25% had family history of hy- pertension. 43 of the women with GDM (10,2%) presented hypertension during the pregnancy. The time of diagnosed of hypertension was 27 ± 4,2 weeks. The prevalence of overweight /Obesity (estimated by BMI before pregnancy) was significant higher in the group of GDM women with hypertension (mean BMI=28,86±4,5 kg/m2) during the pregnancy as compared to the GDM women without hypertension(mean BMI= 28,86±4,5 kg/m2), 72% in the group with hypertension vs. 23% in the GDM women without hypertension (p<0.005). The weight gain during the pregnancy was higher in the group of GDM women with hypertension (28% of them had an increase in their weight higher that the IOM recommendations, 2009), by contrast, only 13% of GDM women without hypertension We found a significant relationship between the levels of SBP/DBP and the levels of urinary albumin excretion (r=0.42, p<0.05). Greater percentage of GDM women with hypertension needed insulin therapy for the glucose control as compared with GDM without hypertension (p<0.05). Conclusion: Women with GDM, the overweight/obesity before pregnancy and the increase in the weight during the pregnancy are related with the development of hypertension.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism early after pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) implicates an increased risk for the later development of type 2 diabetes. It was previously shown that metabolic reassessment early after delivery identifies females with particularly high risk. However, the relation to endothelial dysfunction, which might represent an early precursor of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease in females after pregnancy with GDM, is less well understood. Materials and methods: 108 women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM) and 40 controls were included 3-6 months after delivery and underwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) and an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) to derive parameters of insulin sensitivity and β-cell dysfunction in addition to dynamics of glucose, insulin, C-peptide, proinsulin and amylin. The area under the curve was calculated by the trapezoidal rule including measurements of fasting, as well as 30', 60', 90' and 120' post load concentrations. OGTTs were repeated in females with pGDM over 10 years of followup to identify subjects with diabetes manifestation. Circulating ICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), VCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule- 1) and E-selectin, representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years after index pregnancy. Results: Adhesion molecules and E-selectin were significantly related to insulin sensitivity estimated from the FSIGT (SI-FSIGT): ICAM-1: r=-0.23, p=0.009; VCAM-1: r=-0.22, p=0.011; E-selectin: r=-0.21, p=0.018. Fractional polynomial regression models revealed further associations between ICAM- 1 and AUC-glucose (p=0.003), AUC-proinsulin (p=0.005) and AUC-amylin (p=0.017) as well as between E-selectin and AUC-glucose (p=0.013) and BMI (p=0.004) after adjustment for the degree of insulin resistance. Moreover, adhesion molecules remained significantly elevated in pGDM subjects as compared to the control group in a multivariable model including SI-FSIGT, age and BMI. 21% of females after pregnancy with GDM developed diabetes during the follow-up period. Longitudinal analysis revealed significantly higher ICAM-1 and E-selectin levels in subjects with progression to overt diabetes. Conclusion: Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction are related to impaired carbohydrate metabolism in subjects with recent history of GDM. This observation might indicate the later development of overt cardiovascular disorders in this specific risk collective. Follow-up examinations with clearly defined cardiovascular endpoints are recommended to perform an accurate risk stratification.
Gestational diabetes alters the expression of extracellular matrix proteins in the human placenta; Background/aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is maternal glucose disorder that leads to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The endothelium of the feto-placental vasculature is exposed to hyperglycaemia and the pro-inflammatory environment of GDM. Versican is an extracellular matrix (ECM) protein which accumulates in atherosclerotic regions, and due to its interactions with distinct cell types it influences cell proliferation, migration and adhesion, and modulates cell phenotype. By binding to versican, fibrillin is involved in the maintenance of extracellular matrix structure. We hypothesize that the intrauterine, diabetic environment alters the feto-placental endothelial ECM expression by permanent epigenetic DNA modifications. Methods: Primary arterial endothelial cells were isolated from human term placentas of healthy (control AEC) and GDM pregnancies (GDM AEC) and cultured. Global gene expression and DNA methylation were analyzed by microarray (Affymetrix) and by 450K-methylation (Illumina) array, respectively. mRNAs with highest fold changes were analyzed by RT-qPCR. Results: Versican showed concordant DNA methylation and gene expression changes in GDM AEC. Versican gene expression was higher in GDM AEC by 41.1-fold (p<0.001) compared to control AEC. Analysis of the 4 versican isoforms (V0-V3) revealed that V0 was 300-fold upregulated and V3 was exclusively expressed in GDM AEC (p<0.001). The expression of TGFß and fibrillin1, both interacting with versican, was also higher in GDM AEC by 6.5- and 5.6-fold, respectively (p<0.001). Conclusion: ECM protein versican and its binding partners fibrillin1 and TGFß have altered expression and DNA methylation in GDM cells. As the increased versican expression associates with CVD in adulthood, these results suggests that the diabetes-induced changes indeed occur already in utero and define versican as a potential tool of fetal metabolic programming through epigenetic modifications.
The mechanism of calcium induced inhibition of gestational diabetic fructose 1,6-bisphosphate aldolase; An important part of proof has shown that glycolytic enzymes in many kind of cells may form metabolically active macromolecular complexes whose stability is regulated directly and indirectly by calcium ions and glycolytic intermediates. Such association not only changes the regulatory characteristics and the kinetics of glycolytic enzymes, but may also simplify the channeling of substrates between metabolically sequential enzymes increasing the velocity of the glycolytic pathway. Calcium (Ca2+) is of critical importance for many biochemical processes: Ca2+ controls muscle contraction and relaxation and the rhythm of the heart, the formation of enzymes and hormones; also the DNA formation in chromosomes; regulates the blood clotting, urine filtration. Ca2+ is the main buffer used in the body to neutralize acids and maintain the proper the pH. Gestational diabetes mellitus is defined by glucose intolerance of variable severity with onset of first recognition during pregnancy. The placenta is a temporary established organ that operates exclusively for the time of pregnancy. In diabetes, the placenta undergoes a variety of structural and functional changes. Fructose-1,6-bisphosphate aldolase (FBPA) plays an effective role in glucose metabolism and gluconeogenetic pathway and reversibly catalyzes the split of fructose 1,6-bisphosphate into the triose phosphates D-glyceraldehyde phosphate and dihydroxyacetone phosphate. Aldolase has 160 kDa molecular weight and three tissue specific isozymes. A partition equilibrium study has shown calcium ion to be a noncompetitive inhibitor of aldolase adsorption by placental muscle. This inhibition is interpreted quantitatively in terms of aproximately 10-fold decrease in the intrinsic association constant for the aldolase-myofibril interaction upon Ca2+ binding to either or both of the low-affinity troponin sites associated with regulation of muscle contraction. In our study, we investigated inhibition effects of Ca2+ ion on FBPA, and the interaction of human placental aldolase with bivalent Ca2+ and diabetic complications. It was defined that Ca2+ is noncompetitive inhibitor of human placental FBPA. Ki values of diabetic human placental aldolase for Ca2+ was determined 1.77 ± 0.38 mM.
Effect of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on arterial stiffness; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may be associated with cardiovascular diseases. However, the relation between aortic stiffness and GDM is not clear. The present study aims to evaluate the aortic stiffness parameters by comparing GDM with a healthy control group via transthoracic echocardiography. Methods: This was a cross-sectional study involving the monitoring of 62 pregnant women (33 with GDM and 29 with uncomplicated pregnancy as controls) during the third trimester. The aortic strain, aortic distensibility, and aortic stiffness values were measured via transthoracic echocardiography. The average systolic and diastolic measurements were calculated following three consecutive measurements. Results: Data on age, blood pressure levels, heart rate, and basic echocardiography were similar in both groups. BMI was significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.01). Aortic strain and distensibility were significantly lower in the GDM group (p<0.01). Aortic stiffness index was significantly higher in the GDM group (p<0.01) (Table 1). (Table Presented) Aortic stiffness parameters did not exhibit any significant difference between the insulin-receiving GDM group and the diet-controlled GDM group. Postprandial glucose levels were positively correlated to the level of the aortic stiffness index (p: 0.04) and were negatively correlated with the level of aortic strain (p<0.01) and distensibility (p: 0.03). Conclusion: Arterial stiffness is increased in women with GDM compared to the control group. There is a correlation between postprandial glucose and arterial stiffness.
Relationships between epicardial fatty tissue and gestational diabetes mellitus; Purpose: We aimed to investigate the relation between EFT thickness that is measured with transthoracic echocardiography (TTE) and GDM. Methods: 91 pregnant women in third trimester (46 pregnant women with GDM and 45 pregnant women without complications as control) were included in the current cross-sectional study. The diagnosis of GDM was done with abnormal 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) by using the criteria of World Health Organization. TTE were performed in all subjects. Results: Body mass index (BMI), serum glucose and postprandial blood glucose were significantly higher in GDM group compared to the control group (p<0.01). No significant difference was observed between groups in terms of heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure measurements, Hb, creatinine and lipid parameters. In GDM group, A wave, E/A, and IVRT parameters were found to be significantly different when compared with control group. EFT measurement was significantly increased in GDM group (p=0.01). EFT was correlated with Post prandial glucose, waist circumference, BMI, age and heart rate, in the gestational diabetic patients (Table 1). Conclusion: In the present study we found that the EFT measured with TTE is high in patients with GDM. These results demonstrate that EFT thickness measured with TTE is an important determinant for development of GDM. (Table Presented).
Hormonal and lipid profile in correlation with anthropometric measurements among offspring of diabetic mothers; Objective: This study was designed primarily to estimate whether there is an association between neonatal anthropometric parameters on one hand and cord blood levels of insulin, leptin, IGF1 and lipid profile on the other hand in offspring of diabetic mothers. Method: A total of 60 full term infants of diabetic mothers and 40 healthy infants of non-diabetic women participated in the study. Detailed anthropometric assessment of the newborn, head circumference, abdominal circumference, triceps skin fold thickness and sub scapular skin fold thickness was performed. Laboratory investigations including cord blood levels of insulin, leptin, IGF1 and lipid profile as markers for intrauterine growth were also assessed. Results: Significant differences between infant of diabetic mothers (IODM) and the control group were detected regarding all anthropometric measures. As IODM showed significantly higher mean birth weight (3.9 ± 0.48 vs 3.2 ± 0.4 kg), mean neonatal ponderal index (3.1 ± 0.32 vs 2.7 ± 0.46), mean abdominal circumference (30.8 ± 1.9 vs 28.5 ± 1.32 cm), mean triceps skin fold thickness (3.5 ± 0.58 vs 2.2 ± 0.28 mm) and sub scapular skin fold thickness when compared to control group (3.57 ± 0.6 vs 2.47 ± 0.56 mm, P<0.0001 for all). Regarding the different laboratory parameters of the studied groups cord blood levels of biochemical growth factors were significantly higher in IODM when compared to control group; insulin (70.4 ± 56.4 vs 4.48 ± 3.7 mIU/ml), leptin (40.4 ± 14.85 vs 12.5 ± 6.7 ng/ml and IGF1 (131 ± 44.8 vs 77.3 ± 21.9 ng/ml, P<0.0001 for all). As regard fetal lipid, mean HDL was lower in infants of diabetic mothers (21.4 ± 0.6) when compared to control group (32.8 ± 11.5 mg/dl, P=0.02) whereas other lipid profile were the same between both groups. Conclusion: Exposure to maternal diabetes in fetal life results in characteristic changes in neonatal anthropometric measurements and caused abnormalities of lipid and biochemical growth factors (insulin, leptin and insulin-like growth factor-1) which may lead to metabolic and cardiovascular complications in later life.
Pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, and subcutaneous emphysema: Complications of severe DKA in T2DM obese patient; Case presentation: G. 15 years 8 months; H 180 cm; P 149.6 kg, BMI 46 kg/m2, second born, father obese, healthy mother and two brothers, no familiarity for T1DM/T2DM, no gestational diabetes. Bronchial asthma, since 2-year-old important weight increase. Flue, polyuria, polydipsia, 12 kg loss in 15 days, anorexia since 5 days, vomit. Hospitalized for tachycardia, dyspnea, and asthenia. On arrival: serious dehydration, Kussmaul breathing, neck subcutaneous emphysema, tachycardia 130/min, A.P. 125/70 mmHg. Diagnostic procedures, therapy, and follow up: Glycemia 663 mg/dl, ketonemia 4.8 mmol/l, anion gap 24 mEq/l, K 2.5 mEq/l, HbA1c 11.4%, GOT 77 UI/l, GPT 73 UI/l, amilase 204 U/l, lipase 723 U/l, colesterol 250 mg/dl, tryglicerides 301 mg/dl, C-peptide 0.37 ng/ml, negative IAA, GAD and IA2. Chest CT scan: large anterior pneumomediastinum, left apical pneumothorax, neck subcutaneous emphysema. Abdomen ultrasound: steatosic enlarged liver. I.v. therapy on arrival: physiologic saline solution, potassium, 15 fl of sodium bicarbonate, subcutaneous rapid insulin 20 U. 12 h later transferred to our department, metabolic-hydroelectrolytic correction for DKA with i.v. insulin 12-18 U/h. Equilibrium in 48 h, potassium normalisation in 4 days, amilase and lipase in 1 week. Seven days later, insulin pump implantation (total insulin: 5 U/h+three bolus), started therapy with metformin (1500 mg/day). Dismissed with insulin pump (basal+two bolus), after 1 month infused only low basal insulin, suspended after 6 months (pre-prandial C-peptide 3.5 ng/ml and HbA1c 5.3%). Metformin suspended after 16 months (weight 90 kg, BMI 27.8%, and HbA1c 5.1%), 30 months later normal OGTT and insulinemia, C-peptide 2.7 ng/ml, and HbA1c 4.9%. Considerations: The severe outset might have suggested T1DM diagnosis (negative family history for T2DM). Importance of insulin pump therapy for preserving pancreatic β cells activity. Hypocaloric diet and adequate lifestyle determined weight loss and the patient did not require any therapy: total remission or healing?.
Use of the myocardial performance index as a prognostic indicator of adverse fetal outcome in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies; What is known about the topic? Fetal complications in gestational diabetes without microvascular complications are related to fetal hyperinsulinism. Our present prenatal surveillance techniques in diabetic pregnancies are neither appropriate nor sufficient as a monitoring tool. Impaired cardiac function in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies has been documented, but no link to adverse outcome has been demonstrated. What this study adds to the topic? This study has established an association between fetal cardiac dysfunction and abnormal fetal outcomes in poorly controlled gestational diabetic pregnancies. There seems to be an association between severity of the myocardial performance index elevation and rates of abnormal outcomes. Myocardial performance index may be an attractive monitoring tool of the fetus in poorly controlled diabetic pregnancy. Objective: The aim of this study was to determine whether there are any changes in cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics and whether these changes influence perinatal outcome. Methods: Twenty-nine pregnant women with severe gestational diabetes on insulin therapy in the third trimester of pregnancy were recruited and matched with 29 women with normal pregnancies (control group). Using Doppler echocardiography, the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and E wave/A wave peak velocities (E/A) ratios were determined. Placental resistance Doppler markers were also determined in both groups. Adverse perinatal outcome was defined as perinatal death, admission to the neonatal intensive care unit, cord pH <7.15, 5-min Apgar score <7 and presence of cardiomyopathy. Results: The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 vs 0.38; p<0.0001) and the E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 vs 0.76; p<0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% [95% confidence interval (CI) 85-100%] and specificity of 92% (95% CI 70-92%) for prediction of adverse perinatal outcome, including one stillbirth and one neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes occurred in the control group. Conclusions: There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of poorly controlled gestational diabetics. Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to improve fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Early life obesity and chronic kidney disease in later life; The prevalence of chronic kidney disease (CKD) has increased considerably with a parallel rise in the prevalence of obesity. It is now recognized that early life nutrition has life-long effects on the susceptibility of an individual to develop obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular disease and CKD. The kidney can be programmed by a number of intrauterine and neonatal insults. Low birth weight (LBW) is one of the most identifiable markers of a suboptimal prenatal environment, and the important intrarenal factors sensitive to programming events include decreased nephron number and altered control of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS). LBW complicated by accelerated catch-up growth is associated with an increased risk of obesity, hypertension and CKD in later life. High birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes or obesity can enhance the risk for developing CKD in later life. Rapid postnatal growth per se may also contribute to the subsequent development of obesity and CKD regardless of birth weight and prenatal nutrition. Although the mechanisms of renal risks due to early life nutritional programming remain largely unknown, experimental and clinical studies suggest the burdening role of early life obesity in longstanding cardiovascular and renal diseases. © 2014 IPNA.
Use of fetal echocardiography for characterization of fetal cardiac structure in women with normal pregnancies and gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVES: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function and to evaluate the efficacy of routine fetal echocardiography for detection of fetal cardiac abnormalities in women with normal pregnancies and those with gestational diabetes mellitus.
Etiology and perinatal outcome of polyhydramnios; PURPOSE: To determine causes of polyhydramnios and the respective perinatal outcome.
Di George syndrome-where do we stand now?; Di George syndrome (DGS) classically comprises T-cell deficiency (due to thymic hypoplasia), hypoparathyroidism, cardiac malformations,and facial abnormalities. Deletions of the long arm of chromosome 22 at position q.11 are most commonly associated with DGS. Syndrome is also found associated with other genetic abnormalities (10p deletions, CHAR GE), certain teratogenic influences (retinoid acid, foetal alcoholic syndrome, maternal diabetes). The DGS phenotype is very heterogenous with variable expression of the different features including the immunodeficiency. The initial treatment emphasis is to control the hypoparathyroidism. Correction of congenital heart defects (if present) is usually needed. The best treatment of the immune defects of DGS is still controversial. Both HSCT and transplant with fetal thymus are the option for complete DGS (cDGS). Long term survival after HSCT has been reported, though at a lower rate (41-48%) compared to survival after HSCT for SCID. Survival in the subgroup receiving matched sibling donor transplants was better at over 60%. The use of post natal human thymus was pioneered byMarkert atDukeUniversity and has become established as the treatment of choice for cDGS, with the result of 43 out of 60 treated patients survived (72%). More recently this approach has also been used in London, at GOSH. . Under care of CMHI there are119 patients fulfilling ESID criteria, 59 girls (49.6%) and 60 boys (50.4%), age 2/12 - 23 y.o. In 70% of them 22q11 deletion in locus D22S75 was found. The vast majority children were diagnosed as partial DGS. None of them had significant hypogammaglobulinemia and no regular IVIG therapy or antibiotic prophylaxis were required. The mean number and percentage of CD3, CD8 and CD4 lymphocytes as well as lymphoproliferative answer to PHA and CD3 in DGS patients were slightly diminished. In many improvement of cellular immunity was observed with age. About 86% presented with congenital heart disease, requiring surgery, while almost 50% had the symptoms of hypocalcemia and hypoparathyroidism, next 46% - speech and learning difficulties. One child was diagnosed as cDGS. The child underwent cardiac surgery (at age of 6 m.o.), followed by twice thymus transplantation (12 m.o. and 2 y.o. at GOSH, London, by Dr. G. Davies). Clinical course was complicated by B cell lymphoma (19 m.o.), inflammatory bowel disease (6 m.o., resolved spontaneously after TTX), local BCGitis, thyroiditis. Now the child is doing well, still treated due to hypoparathyroidism and thyroiditis. The prognosis of DGS is quite varied. Most patients undergo spontaneous T-cell improvement. No genotype/phenotype correlation was established among pDGS.
Obesity and weight gain and hypertension in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational Diabetes (GD) is presented in about 10% of the pregnancy; more than 30% of young women have overweight or obesity. Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. We studied the relationship between obesity/overweight and the weight gain during the pregnancy with the blood pressure levels along the gestation. We prospectively studied 350 women with GD. We defined the severity of diabetes according to the insulin needs, the glucose control (HBA1c/ monthly), prior body mass index (BMI), and the increase in body weight during the gestation (according to the IOM, 2009). We measured systolic and diastolic blood pressure in the office. Hypertension was defined by SBP/DBP >140/90 mmHg or the need of antihypertensive drugs. We collected obstetric history, personal history of GDM and personal and family history of cardiovascular risk factors. The mean age was 33,45 ± 4,5 yrs.; 26,25% smoking, 15,6% history of dyslipemia, 30% had history of previous abortions. 62,34% of women had first-degree relatives with type 2 DM and 59,25% had family history of hypertension. During the follow up, 10,2% of the women with GD development hypertension along the gestation. The time of the diagnosed of hypertension was 27 ± 4,2 week. The 72% of women with hypertension had overweight or obesity before the pregnancy (mean prior BMI 28,86±4,5 Kg/m2), as compared to the 23% in the group of women without hypertension (prior BMI: 22,7±3,1Kg/m2;); p<0.005. The body weight gain was higher in women with hypertension (28% had higher weight increased tan the recommendations of IOM 2009) as compared to 13% of women without hypertension. Moreover, 62% women with hypertension needed insulin therapy versus only 32% of women without hypertension (p<0.05). In conclusion, in the women with gestational diabetes, those who have overweight or obesity before the pregnancy and increase their body weight higher than de IOM recommendation during the gestation showed a high risk of development of hypertension during the pregnancy.
Cardiovascular management in pregnancy: Congenital heart disease; The population of adults with CHD continues to expand, and thus the number of women with CHD who contemplate pregnancy or become pregnant is also growing. Mothers with low-risk defects can be managed by general cardiologist, whereas those with more complex defects should be managed by or with the assistance of ACHD cardiologists. It is important to acknowledge that all patients with CHD may have unique anatomy or physiology, despite their classification as having a simple, moderate, or complex defect. As such, clinicians evaluating these patients should have adequate knowledge and expertise when assessing patient's risk for pregnancy, when performing imaging or hemodynamic studies, and when managing these patients during pregnancy. The American Board of Medical Specialties has recently recognized ACHD as a subspecialty of cardiovascular disease to treat the specialized needs of these patients in adulthood. ACHD experts can provide expertise in the management of specific defects or lesions, imaging techniques, prepregnancy risk assessment, and can manage these patients or comanage them with other medical providers during their pregnancy. Because many of these ACHD patients are lost to follow-up in adulthood, pregnancy represents a time when these patients seek medical care (and for some, represents a time of vulnerability and increased risk). This represents an opportunity to establish or reestablish care with ACHD specialists and to reestablish continuing long-term care for their CHD. Pregnancy also provides an opportunity to create partnerships between primary care physicians, adult cardiologists, and ACHD specialists to provide optimal care for these women throughout their lives.
Intrauterine nutrition: Long-term consequences for vascular health; There is a growing body of evidence that improper intrauterine nutrition may negatively influence vascular health in later life. Maternal malnutrition may result in intrauterine growth retardation and, in turn, metabolic disorders such as insulin resistance, diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia, and also enhanced risk of atherosclerosis and cardiovascular death in the offspring. Energy and/or protein restriction is the most critical determinant for fetal programming. However, it has also been proposed that intrauterine n-3 fatty acid deficiency may be linked to later higher blood pressure levels and reduced insulin sensitivity. Moreover, it has been shown that inadequate supply of micronutrients such as folate, vitamin B12, vitamin A, iron, magnesium, zinc, and calcium may contribute to impaired vascular health in the progeny. In addition, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy that are linked to impaired placental blood flow and suboptimal fetal nutrition may also contribute to intrauterine growth retardation and aggravated cardiovascular risk in the offspring. On the other hand, maternal overnutrition, which often contributes to obesity and/or diabetes, may result in macrosomia and enhanced cardiometabolic risk in the offspring. Progeny of obese and/or diabetic mothers are relatively more prone to develop obesity, insulin resistance, diabetes, and hypertension. It was demonstrated that they may have permanently enhanced appetites. Their atheromatous lesions are usually more pronounced. It seems that, particularly, a maternal high-fat/junk food diet may be detrimental for vascular health in the offspring. Fetal exposure to excessive levels of saturated fatty and/or n-6 fatty acids, sucrose, fructose and salt, as well as a maternal high glycemic index diet, may also contribute to later enhanced cardiometabolic risk. © 2014 Szostak-Wegierek.
The BRAzil MAGnesium (BRAMAG) trial: A randomized clinical trial of oral magnesium supplementation in pregnancy for the prevention of preterm birth and perinatal and maternal morbidity; Background: Preterm birth is the leading cause of infant mortality globally, including Brazil. We will evaluate whether oral magnesium citrate reduces the risk of placental dysfunction and its negative consequences for both the fetus and mother, which, in turn, should reduce the need for indicated preterm delivery.Methods/Design: We will complete a multicenter, randomized double-blind clinical trial comparing oral magnesium citrate 150 mg twice daily (n = 2000 women) to matched placebo (n = 1000 women), starting at 121/7 to 206/7 weeks gestation and continued until delivery. We will include women at higher risk for placental dysfunction, based on clinical factors from a prior pregnancy (e.g., prior preterm delivery, stillbirth or preeclampsia) or the current pregnancy (e.g., chronic hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes mellitus, maternal age > 35 years or pre-pregnancy maternal body mass index > 30 kg/m2). The primary perinatal outcome is a composite of preterm birth < 37 weeks gestation, stillbirth > 20 weeks gestation, neonatal death < 28 days, or SGA birthweight < 3rd percentile. The primary composite maternal outcome is preeclampsia arising < 37 weeks gestation, severe non-proteinuric hypertension arising < 37 weeks gestation, placental abruption, maternal stroke during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery, or maternal death during pregnancy or ≤ 7 days after delivery.Discussion: The results of this randomized clinical trial may be especially relevant in low and middle income countries that have high rates of prematurity and limited resources for acute newborn and maternal care.Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02032186, registered December 19, 2013. © 2014 Alves et al.
Pregnancy outcome following in utero exposure to lithium: A prospective, comparative, observational study; Objective: The authors conducted a prospective, comparative observational study to evaluate the risk of major anomalies following exposure to lithium during pregnancy. Method: A total of 183 lithium-exposed pregnancies of women who contacted the Israeli Teratology Information Service were followed up (90.2%in the first trimester) and compared with 72 disease-matched and 748 nonteratogenic-exposed pregnancies. Results: There were significantly more miscarriages (adjusted odds ratio=1.94, 95% CI=1.08-3.48) and elective terminations of pregnancy (17/183 [9.3%] compared with 15/748 [2.0%]) in the lithium-exposed group compared with the nonteratogenic exposure group. The rate of major congenital anomalies after exclusion of genetic or cytogenetic anomalies was not significantly different between the three groups (lithium-exposed in the first trimester: 8/123 [6.5%]; bipolar: 2/61 [3.3%]; nonteratogenic: 19/711 [2.7%]). Cardiovascular anomalies occurred more frequently in the lithium group exposed during the first trimester when compared with the nonteratogenic exposure group (5/123 [4.1%] compared with 4/711 [0.6%]) but not after excluding anomalies that spontaneously resolved (3/123 [2.4%] comparedwith 2/711 [0.3%]). Ebstein's anomaly was diagnosed in one lithium-exposed fetus and in two retrospective lithium cases that were not included because contact with the information service was made after the prenatal diagnosis by ultrasound. The rate of noncardiovascular anomalies was not significantly different between the groups. The rate of preterm deliveries was higher in the lithium group compared with the nonteratogenic exposure group (18/131 [13.7%] compared with 41/683 [6.0%]). Conclusions: Lithium treatment in pregnancy is associated with a higher rate of cardiovascular anomalies. Women who are treated with lithium during organogenesis should undergo fetal echocardiography and level-2 ultrasound.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes and the risk of cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes hospitalization in the year following delivery; Although pregnancy events predict the long-term risk of chronic disease, little is known about their short-term impact because of the rarity of clinical events. We examined hospital discharge diagnoses linked to birth certificate data in the year following delivery for 849,639 births during 1995-2004 in New York City, New York. Adjusted odds ratios characterized the relationship between pregnancy complications and subsequent hospitalization for cardiovascular disease, stroke, and diabetes. Gestational hypertension was related to heart failure (adjusted odds ratio = 2.6, 95% confidence interval: 1.5, 4.5). Preeclampsia was related to all of the outcomes considered except type 1 diabetes, with adjusted odds ratios ranging from 2.0 to 4.1. Gestational diabetes was strongly related to the risk of subsequent diabetes (for type 1 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 40.4, 95% confidence interval: 23.8, 68.5; for type 2 diabetes, adjusted odds ratio = 22.6, 95% confidence interval: 16.9, 30.4) but to no other outcomes. The relationship of pregnancy complications to future chronic disease is apparent as early as the year following delivery. Moreover, elucidating short-term clinical outcomes offers the potential for etiological insights into the relationship between pregnancy events and chronic disease over the life course. © 2014 The Author 2014.
Provider adherence to recommended prenatal care content: does it differ for obese women?; The objective of this study was to examine provider adherence to prenatal care (PNC) content in obese and non-obese women and perinatal outcomes in obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content. Provider adherence to PNC content (low <50%, medium 50-79%, and high ≥80%) was compared between obese (n = 69) and non-obese (n = 128) women in a linked database of deliveries to low-income, minority women from 2003 to 2004. Sample content items included procedures delivered at every visit (blood pressure, urinalysis, maternal weight, fetal heart rate check), timed screenings for birth defects and gestational diabetes, prenatal vitamin prescriptions, and depression screening. Weight gain, preterm deliveries, cesareans, and birthweight were compared between obese women with low and medium versus high adherence to PNC content using multivariable logistic regression. High provider adherence to an eight-item PNC content score (56.3 vs. 66.5%, p = 0.02) and depression screening (2.0 vs. 11.4%, p = 0.001) were both lower for obese versus non-obese women. Among obese women, there were no differences by level of provider adherence to PNC content in preterm delivery, cesareans, and low birth weight, but obese women experiencing low and medium versus high adherence were more likely to gain ≥20 lbs (aOR 5.5, 95% CI 1.3-23.3). Providers may be administering PNC differently to obese and non-obese women. PNC for obese women who are at high risk of adverse perinatal outcomes needs to be addressed especially as it relates to depression screening and gestational weight gain.
Emerging biomarkers: Adiponectin-an emerging risk factor of diabetes and TXB cardio-urinary platelet thromboxane (11-dehydro-thromboxane B2) excretion and aspirin response in patients with diabetes and coronary Artery disease; Adiponectin-an emerging risk factor of diabetes Adiponectin is a protein hormone produced and secreted exclusively by adipocytes which normally circulate in relatively high concentrations in the blood. It is unique in the Adipokine class in that it is down regulated in obesity and its related pathologies. Adiponectin regulates the metabolism of lipids and glucose and is a key regulator of insulin sensitivity and tissue inflammation. Low levels of adiponectin are associated with insulin resistance and Type 2 diabetes risk and have been shown to correlate with an increased risk of a woman developing gestational diabetes during pregnancy. Clinical cohort studies have identified adiponectin deficiency (Hypoadiponectinaemia) as an independent risk factor for CVD. Hypoadiponectinaemia is also associated with insulin resistance, Type II diabetes, and hypertension. Urinary Platelet Thromboxane (11-dehydro-Thromboxane B2) excretion and Aspirin Response in Patients with Diabetes and Coronary Artery Disease Low-dose aspirin is prescribed for the prevention of cardiovascular events in adults with diabetes and established CVD. Up to 25% of patients prescribed aspirin may still undergo vascular occlusions leading to the concept of aspirin resistance. Aspirin resistance can be defined as an occlusive vascular event while on the drug and from the biochemical viewpoint as a lack of platelet inhibition. It can be verified by a measure of in vivo platelet activation such as urinary levels of 11-dehydro-thromboxane B2 (11dhTXB2), the stable metabolite of TXA2. Platelets are equipped with cyclo-oxygenase-1 (COX-1) that oxidises arachidonic acid to form TXA2, which is highly unstable and has a very short half-life. However, it is hydrated into the more stable TXB2, which is metabolized in the liver to 11dhTXB2, a stable metabolite of TXB2 that can be measured in a urine sample, reflecting TXA2 levels and hence platelet activity in vivo. Both baseline 11dhTxB2 levels and rate of poor ASA responders were significantly higher in DM and ACS compared to controls. Underlying systemic oxidation may maintain platelet function in atherosclerotic CVD irrespective of COX-1 pathway inhibition and/or increase systemic generation of thromboxane from non-platelet sources.
Low level inflammatory immune response in gestational diabetes mellitus patients; BACKGROUND: Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease is one of the most common complications of diabetes. Women with gestastional diabetes represent a high risk group for type 2 diabetes and for cardiovascular disease in the future. We aimed to evaluate the parameters of inflammation which is associated with atherosclerotic cardiovascular diseases. METHODS: A total of 49 frozen serum samples of pregnant women with gestastional diabetes and 40 healthy pregnant women were analyzed. Quantitative amounts of inflammation parameters; sCD40L, interleukin 6 (IL-6),interleukin 8 (IL-8), Monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), sP-selectin, tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA) were determined by using a bead based array and cytometry. RESULTS: CD40L (26446,6±16559,4 vs. 23570,2±14849,7 ng/ml, p>0,05), MCP-1 (649,9±274,9 vs. 641,20±190 ng/ml, p>0,05), sP-selectin (345,9±144,8 vs. 228,6±68,2 μg/ml, p<0,05), t-PA (1793,8±743,5 vs. 1543,2±556,8 ng/ml, p>0,05) and IL-6 (19,8±6,7 vs. 19,31±8 ng/ml, p>0,05 ) were higher in pregnant women with gestastional diabetes in comparison to control group. IL-8 levels (99,5±402,3 vs. 17±18 ng/ml, p<0,05) were significantly increased in gestastional diabetes mellitus pregnant women compared with control group. CONCLUSIONS: High level of IL-8 levels in these patients shows that there is an inflammatory response in gestastional diabetes. CD40L, P-selection, t-PA, IL-6 and MCP-1 levels indicates that there is a low level immune response activation indicating inflammation. These inflammation markers may be interpreted as positive indicators for cardiovascular disease risk in this group of patients.
Congenital heart disease in the newborns of iranian diabetic mothers; Introduction: Despite the discovery of insulin and current improvement in diabetics care, congenital malformations in diabetics are still more frequent than in the general population. The aim of this study was to identify congenital heart diseases (CHD) in the newborns of diabetic mothers (IDMS). Methods: In our prospective study, color doppler echocardiography was performed in 75 consecutive full term newborns of diabetic mothers by GE Vivid3 echocardiographic device. Newborns were classified into two subgroups according to the type of the mothers' diabetes: pregestational and gestational. They were also those were classified into three subgroups according to their birth weight: appropriate, large and small for gestational age. Data analysis was made by Fisher exact test and Chi-Square test. Results: Forty nine (65%) and thirty six (35%) of subjects were infants of gestational (IGDM) and pregestational diabetic mothers (IPDM), respectively. Fifty five Newborns (73%) were appropriate, fourteen (19%) were large and six (8%) were small for gestational age. The most common echocardiographic findings included: patent ductus arteriosus (PDA: 54.7%), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP: 24%), ventricular septal defect (VSD: 4%), atrial septal defect (ASD: 2.7%), transposition of great arteries (TGA: 1.3%) and coarctation of the Aorta (COA: 1.3%). Overall incidence of congenital heart diseases was 9.3 after exclusion of PDA and HCMP cases. The incidence of congenital heart diseases was higher in macrosomic than nonmacrosomic infants of diabetic mothers (P<0.001). Congenital heart diseases were more common in infants of pre gestational than gestational diabetic mothers (P=0.004). Conclusion: Our results showed that diabetic mothers are at increased risk of giving birth to a newborn with congenital heart disease, and transthoracic echocardiography is recommended for all infants of diabetic mothers.
Identifying postpartum intervention approaches to reduce incidence of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes; Background: American Indians experience twice the US population prevalence of CVD with earlier onset and increased morbidity and mortality. Excess CVD burden is partially attributable to the increase of type 2 diabetes (T2D), with prevalence recently increasing most alarmingly in American Indian women (AIW) of childbearing age. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considered a unique risk factor for T2D and CVD. Women can lower risk for T2D by reducing weight and increasing physical activity. Recognizing the significant risk GDM poses in AIW, early intervention in the childbearing years is crucial. Purpose: To describe the perspectives of Oklahoma AIW with previous GDM related to the barriers and facilitators to healthy lifestyle changes postpartum and specific intervention approaches that would facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. Methods: We conducted a descriptive mixed methods study with 28 AIW who obtained care in a tribal health system in Oklahoma. Focus groups and informant interviews allowed women to describe barriers and facilitators to enacting postpartum lifestyle changes and explore various approaches to facilitate participation in a postpartum lifestyle program. Inductive content analysis with open coding was used to explore qualitative transcripts and categorize data by themes. Descriptive statistics were used to analyze data from demographic and technology feasibility surveys. Results: Of 28 interested AIW (32 + 5 years; documented GDM) invited to participate in focus groups, only 12 could attend; 15 participated in informant interviews, and one completed surveys only. Influenced primarily by family history, the majority of AIW believed they would inevitably develop T2D and/or CVD; however, they were optimistic to delay onset or decrease severity of disease with lifestyle change. Barriers to preventive behaviors included a knowledge-behavior gap, competing priorities, time, financial, and geographic constraints, exhaustion, and childcare duties. Suggested facilitators of lifestyle change included the perceived value of role modeling healthy behaviors in the family, social support, nutritional education, and access to gyms with childcare. All reported regular text messaging and use of internet, either by PC or smart phone. The majority expressed enthusiasm for a lifestyle change program after pregnancy incorporating facilitators and utilizing the internet and/or text messaging. Many felt a face-to-face approach would be particularly motivating but stated numerous barriers to attending. Conclusions: To resonate with AIW's belief that T2D and CVD can be delayed with lifestyle changes, an intervention that utilizes the internet and/or text messaging and emphasizes the benefits of delaying disease onset should be tested as a novel, culturally relevant approach to reduce rates of T2D and CVD in this high risk population.
Unusual cases of diabetes mellitus as a result of heterozygous missense mutation R482W in Lmna gene in 2 unrelated families, described for the first time in Russian population; Background: Familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) is a rare genetic condition, associated with different metabolic disorders, like insulin resistant diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular disease, PCOS and reproductive problems. Clinical case 1: A 20 y.o. woman first presented with abnormal subcutaneous fat redistribution, acanthosis nigricans, diabetes since 18 y.o., with significant insulin resistance (insulin daily dosage up to 200 U and combined therapy with no effect). Despite different therapeutic strategies, glycemic control was poor: HbA1c 15.4% (< 6.5%), glycemic levels during the day 13.0-25.0 mmol/l (3.9-6.1); ALAT 222 U/l (10-40), ASAT 149 U/l (10-40), total cholesterol 452 mg/dl (<175), triglycerides 953 mg/dl (<150), insulin 49 mcm/ml (5-25), leptin 6.4 ng/ml (3.7-11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly, splenomegaly. Total fat% (by total body DXA) - 23,3% . Menstrual cycle was regular, with ovulation, and no US-signs of PCO.Hypercortisolism and acromegaly were excluded. Clinical signs and family history of specific changed appearance, diabetes and PCOS in aunt and cousins led us to the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2, which was confirmed genetically by sequencing of LMNA gene: heterozygous missense mutation R482W, previously described in FPLD2 (1). Clinical case 2: A 29 y.o. woman presented with similar changes in appearance as Patient 1, since 13 y.o. Since the age of 18 she had dysmenorrhea due to PCOS, impaired glucose tolerance, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, mild arterial hypertension. In the age of 26 ovarian wedge resection was performed successfully, and in 28 y.o. patient delivered a healthy baby. During the pregnancy she developed gestational diabetes, controlled with diet and insulin in 3d trimester. A year after delivery: HbA1c 6.0% (<6.5%), starving glycemia 5.7 mmol/l (3.9- 6.1), after OGTT - 8.1 mmol/l (<7.8); ALAT 35 U/l (10-40), ASAT 31 U/l (10-40), total cholesterol 246 mg/dl (<175), triglycerides 2120 mg/dl (<150), insulin 68.6 mcm/ml (5-25), leptin 3.9 ng/ml (3.7-11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly. Total fat% (by total body DXA) - 23,3%. Like in case 1, the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2 was confirmed genetically by revealing the very same LMNAmutation R482W. In both cases, symptomatic combined hypolipidemic and antihyperglycemic treatment showed not enough efficiency, so we plan to start metreleptin therapy, recently approved for inherited lipodystrophies treatment by FDA, as soon as it will be registered in Russia. Conclusion: These cases show how clinical manifestations of one inherited disease due to the very same gene mutation may vary and lead to different metabolic disorders in young age. These are the first 2 families with FPLD2 due to LMNA mutation described in Russian population, which provides a key for further studies of this pathology in Russia, correct diagnostics and treatment.
A rare case of severe headache and sudden onset diabetes insipidus during pregnancy: Differential diagnosis and management; Introduction: The differential diagnosis of severe headache and sudden onset of endocrine dysfunction during pregnancy can be challenging. Rapid recognition and action are needed to ensure maternal and fetal well being. Clinical Case: A 30 year-old women presented at 30 weeks of gestation with a thunderclap headache, without visual or focal neurologic deficit. Blood pressure was transiently elevated (148/75 mmHg) but the workup for preeclampsia was negative. In hospital, the patient developed important polyuria (1L/hr) and hypernatremia (156 mmol/L). Initial CT scan of the head was negative for intracranial hemorrhage but showed an enlarged non-edematous pituitary gland. A lumbar puncture yielded CSF without xanthochromia. Subsequent MRI of the head revealed an enlarged pituitary gland measuring 16 mm with slight compression of the optic chiasm. Visual fields were normal however. Laboratory tests showed morning cortisol at 161 nmol/L (non pregnant range 119-618), TSH 2.94 mU/L (0.3-3.0), T3 3.4 pmol/L (3.5-6.0) and T4 13 pmol/L (10-23). Prolactin (83 ug/L) was normal for the 3rd trimester. Obstetrical history of this G3P2A0 woman was only significant for gestational diabetes mellitus requiring insulin therapy. There was no history of previous infertility or autoimmune disorders. The patient was initially treated with desmopressin, hydrocortisone and levothyroxine. Within 10 days, rapid regression of the pituitary enlargement was noted on MRI (11 mm) without signs of hemorrhage or ischemia. The concomitant findings of diabetes insipidus (DI), adrenal insufficiency and subclinical hypothyroidism as well as the absence of intracranial or pituitary hemorrhage led to the diagnosis of lymphocytic hypophysitis (LH). Remaining course of the pregnancy was marked by anti-C and anti-D alloimmunisations. At 38 weeks, a repeat cesarean C-section was planned due to alloimmunisation. The patient gave birth to a healthy baby girl weighing 3950g. At 3 weeks postpartum, the patient was breastfeeding normally and doing well under medication. At 6 months postpartum, hydrocortisone and desmopressin dosages were successfully reduced and further regression of pituitary enlargement was noted on MRI. Conclusion: Diagnosis of headache and hypopituitarism during pregnancy can be challenging since initial presentation can mimic conditions such as subarachnoid hemorrhage and pituitary apoplexy. LH is a rare autoimmune disease characterized by lymphocytic infiltration of the pituitary gland. To our knowledge, very few cases of LH with DI have been described in pregnancy or in the postpartum period (1-6). High clinical suspicion and proper hormone assessment are important to establish accurate diagnosis and treatment. A multidisciplinary approach involving endocrinologists and obstetricians can greatly reduce maternal and fetal morbidity resulting from pituitary dysfunction during pregnancy.
Rapid involuting congenital hemangioma in the setting of PHACE association; Rapidly involuting congenital hemangioma (RICH) is an uncommon vascular tumor that, unlike infantile hemangioma, is largely developed at birth and undergoes rapid postnatal involution. To date, RICH has often been described in the setting of an isolated lesion, whereas infantile hemangioma is a well-known feature of numerous syndromes and associations, including the association of posterior fossa anomalies, hemangioma, arterial anomalies, cardiac anomalies, and eye anomalies. The authors report a unique case of RICH in the setting of this association. Copyright © 2014 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Metabolic consequences of prior gestational diabetes; Brief Introduction: In the last thirty years, almost every study on longterm consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on women's health has shown that it is associated with an increased risk of glucose and fat metabolism disorder, as well as a higher incidence of cardiovascular diseases. Pathological concentrations of blood cholesterol and triglycerides are increasingly found in such women. Together with elevated blood pressure and increased waist circumference, these conditions constitute the basis of metabolic syndrome. Materials & Methods: In the period from 2007 to 2012, a study on long-term consequences of GDM on women's and children's health later in life was conducted at the Clinical Hospital Centre Zagreb and funded by the Croatian Ministry of Health. During that period 177 women with their children were included in the study, and divided into groups according to the time since delivery. Anthropometric measurements were taken. The WHO (1999) and IDF (International Diabetes Federation) criteria were used to make the diagnosis of glucose metabolism disorders and metabolic syndrome, respectively. A HOMA 2 calculator was used to calculate insulin resistance. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: The women in the five-years-afterdelivery group had the highest insulin resistance in addition to the highest frequency of glucose intolerance (about 22%), compared to 4.3% in the six-months-after-delivery group (p<0.01). In total, approximately 18% of all women included in the study had glucose intolerance, with the highest frequency occurring in the two- and fiveyears- after-delivery groups. Overall, the study has shown 6.2% of type two diabetes mellitus with the highest frequency in the group of women examined five years after delivery. There was a statistically significant positive correlation of BMI and the frequency of metabolic syndrome with a coefficient of 0.58 (p<0.001). The rate of metabolic syndrome in the group of women with BMI<25kg/m2 was about 6%, while in the group of overweight women it amounted to 50%. The highest rate of 78% occurred in the group of obese women. The concentration of serum adipokines has shown a similar distribution. Adipokines such as leptin, interleukin 6 and serpin-1 (plasma concentration), whose higher concentration is considered to carry a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, were elevated, being the highest in the five-years-after-delivery group as compared to the six-month, one-year and two-years-after-delivery groups (all p<0.001). The concentration of adiponectin (which is thought to have protective activity) had quite the opposite distribution. Conclusions: The survey described the risk of long-term effects such as glucose intolerance, diabetes mellitus and metabolic syndrome later in the life of women with prior GDM. Long-term monitoring of the health status of women with previous gestational diabetes is important. An interdisciplinary approach along with the patients; own awareness are of invaluable importance. The importance of retesting can be explained to the patient already during pregnancy. A considerable reduction of long-term consequences of GDM can be achieved by changes in lifestyle.
Massive monolateral vetriculomegaly and corpus callosum agenesis in a neonate born to a mother with uncontrolled gestational diabetes; Brief Introduction: Gestational diabetes can cause profound effects on embryogenesis, organogenesis, fetal and neonatal growth, although insulin therapy can generally prevent them. We report a case of an infant born to diabetic mother who required urgent neurosurgical intervention for hydrocephalus. Mterials & Methods: Complete blood count, metabolic evaluation, screening for congenital infections, chest X-ray, neonatal cerebral ultrasonography and cerebral MRI were performed. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: A 39 week baby boy was born to uncontrolled insulin dependent diabetic mother. Weight 3.5 kg, head circumference 34.2 (50 °C), Apgar score 9-/10. Two hours after delivery, he developed respiratory distress signs (oxygen saturation 80-85%) and oxygen therapy was required. Clinical examination revealed: generalized cyanosis, poor bilateral air entry, tachypnea (respiratory rate: 120/min), 70% oxygen saturation on 12 l/min O2, normal heart sounds, heart rate 160 ppm, good femoral pulses, soft abdomen and axial hypotonia. Blood glucose: 50 mg/dl. Blood gas analysis showed respiratory acidosis. He was intubated on SIMV (Fio2: 40%, PIP 28, PEEP 6, Ti 0,3, RR 40). A chest- X- Ray showed MIP and surfactant was given. Echocardiogram was normal. Cranial ultrasound showed: extensive dilatation of the right ventricle, with signs of brain parenchyma compression, moderate left ventricle dilatation with midline strongly deviated to the left, and corpus callosum agenesis. Ventricle-peritoneal shunt was performed. Examinations for cytomegalovirus, rubella, toxoplasmosis and Parvovirus B 19 were negative. A 6 month neurological follow-up showed difficulty to control his head when the baby is picked up, axial hypotonia and limbs hypertonia without evidence of hearing loss or visual impairment. Conclusions: Type I and II gestational diabetes is associated to a 2-3 fold increased risk of congenital abnormalities. Oxidative stress may lead to cell apoptosis by protein kinase C activation causing malformations. During the 4-5th post-conception days the embryo grows rapidly and develops several important organs such as the heart and the neural tube; a disturbance of the development at this time may result in congenital malformations. Our case shows that, despite current diabetes management, there are still adverse neonatal outcomes and severe congenital malformations in neonates of diabetic mothers.
Cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother; Brief Introduction: Cardiac involvement is one of the most important clinical manifestations of newborn of diabetic mother. Infants born to mothers with diabetes have been at significantly greater risk for cardiac congenital malformations and cardiomyopathy with perinatal morbidity and even mortality. The authors present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Materials & Methods: Methods: Patients:89 IDMs newborns investigated in the first week of life and 53 of them re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT), Doppler echocardiography (Echo). Fetal echo:in 38 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Results: Fetal Echo:cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of LV(11 cases), confirmed by postnatal Echo. Clinical exam:macrosomia (40%), systolic murmur (32), 3 cases with signs of heart failure, the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology. ECG: LV hypertrophy (14) and disturbed ventricular repolarization (30 cases). Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (6), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52%), congenital cardiac anomalies(16%): PDA, VSD, coarctation of aorta, ASD. LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control at 6-12 months revealed: normal morphological cardiac aspect (42 cases) or significant reduction of HCMP (11), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high incidence for cardiac involvement: cardiac congenital malformations (16%) or acquired cardiac pathology: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (42%) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (54%), which may be symptomatic or asymptomatic. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms, especially by Doppler echocardiography that is the most sensitive, noninvasive method for initial diagnostic as well as for follow up.
Referral to a pediatric cardiologist following level ii ultrasound: Is it necessary for all indications?; Brief Introduction: Comparison of the findings of the fetal heart examination during level II 2nd trimester ultrasound, performed by fetal medicine specialists, with the subsequent examination by a pediatric cardiologist (fetal echo). Materials & Methods: 583 pregnant women who were referred to a pediatric cardiologist following 2nd trimester level II ultrasound by an obstetrician were retrospectively analyzed. They were classified into four groups according to the indication for referral: A) Suspected abnormal fetal heart findings on level II ultrasound (167). B) Increased nuchal translucency in the 1st trimester (128). C) Fetal single umbilical artery (148). D) Maternal diabetes melitus type 1 and family history of congenital heart disease (CHD) (140). Clinical Cases or Summary Results: In group A 76/167(45.5%) proceeded to fetal echo. There were 57/76(75%) cases of CHD 52/ 57 (91.2%) of which were diagnosed in level II ultrasound. In group B 41/128(32%) proceeded to fetal echo. There were 5/41(12.1%) cases of CHD 3(60%) of which were diagnosed in level II ultrasound. Both of the missed cases were minor, one of a small membranous VSD and another of mild tricuspid insufficiency. In group C 56/149(37.5%) proceeded to fetal echo. There were no cases of CHD in this group, which was in complete agreement with level II ultrasound. In group D 33/140 proceeded to fetal echo. There were2/33(6%) cases of CHD, both of which (100%) were diagnosed in level II ultrasound. Conclusions: Pregnancies without suspected CHD on level II ultrasound performed by fetal medicine specialists may not warrant further pediatric cardiology assessment.
Safety and efficacy of sublingual misoprstol for induction of labour at term; Brief Introduction: Misoprostol is a synthetic prostaglandin E1 analog that can be administered off-label for labour induction. Based on moderate-quality evidence, taking safety as primary concern, WHO recommends a fixed dose of oral misoprostol in solution of 25 mcg every 2 hours for labour induction. Nevertheless, the efficacy of the recommended regimen has not been proved. The sublingual route of administration has the advantage of rapid onset of action similar to the oral one, prolonged activity and greatest bioavailability similar to the vaginal route. Safety and optimal dosage of sublingually administered misoprostol have not been established yet. The object of our study was to evaluate effectiveness and safety of 25 mcg misoprostol doses administered sublingually for labour induction. Materials & Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted at Department of Woman, Mother and Neonate, Buzzi Children's Hospital, Biological and Clinical School of Medicine, University of Milan, Italy, from May 2013 to February 2014. We enrolled pregnant women at gestational age ≥36 weeks, with medical or obstetric indication to induction of labour according to our clinical protocol, Bishop score equal or less than 5, alive fetus in cephalic presentation, and reassuring Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) for at least 20 minutes. Exclusion criteria were: intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, previous cesarean section or miomectomy, any controindication to vaginal delivery. Capsules containing 25 mcg of misoprostol were prepared by the hospital pharmacist and administered sublingually every 3-4 hours until active labour was achieved, up to a maximum of 12 doses. Prolonged uterine contractions or tachysistole within 60 minutes from misoprostol administration were recorded as hyperstimulation. Primary outcomes were considered: mode of delivery, vaginal deliveries within 24 hours, cesarean section (CS) rate, hyperstimulation, blood loss at delivery ≥1000 ml, neonatal pH at birth ≤7.1 and Apgar score at 5 minutes less than 7. Secondary outcomes were considered: number of women receiving only one dose, number of women receiving more than six doses, use of oxyotcin rate, number of amiorexis perfomed at dilatation less than 3 cm, and number of women requiring analgesia in labour. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: We studied 441 inducted women, 321 nulliparous and 120 multiparous. Data are presented as mean ± standard deviation. Characteristics of the population were similar for nulliparous and multiparous women: age 33 ± 5 years, BMI at term 27 ± 4, gestational age 40 ± 1 weeks. Main indications for induction of labour were: post term (50.6%), premature rupture of membranes (29.0%), gestational diabetes (4.8%), fetal reasons (4.8%), oligohydramnios (4.3%), cholestasis (2.5%), gestational hypertension (1.6%), others (2.5%). Bishop score at the start of induction was 2 ± 2 (range 0-5) and 2 ± 1 (range 0-5) for nulliparous and multiparous women respectively. Primary and secondary outcomes are shown in table 1. Seventyseven percent of nulliparous and 93% of multiparous women delivered vaginally. Among these women, 67% and 81% delivered within 24 hours from first administration respectively. Median time to delivery was 20 hours (IR 13-28) for nulliparous and 14 hours (IR 9-19) for multiparous women. Median duration of active labour was 3 hours (IR 2-4) and 7 hours (IR 4-10) respectively. Cesarean section rate was 23.1% in nulliparous and 6.7% in multiparous women. Fetal distress was the most frequent cause of CS (55% of cases in nulliparous and 50% in multiparous). CS was performed for induction failure in 7 nulliparous cases and in no cases among multiparous women. No cases of tachysystolia or hypertonus were recordered in both groups. Blood loss ≥1000 ml was recordered in 8% of vaginal deliveries among nulliparous and 6% among multiparous, in 4% of CS among nulliparous, and no cases among multiparous. Umbilical arterial pH at birth was <7.1 in 11 cases (3.4%) in nulliparous group and 2 cases (1.7%) in multiparous group. No pH≤7.0 and Apgar score at 5 minutes<7 were recorded. Conclusions: Sublingually administered misoprostol at the dose of 25 mcg every 3-4 hours is a safe method for induction of labour at term. In pluriparous women this regimen is also very effective. Nevertheless, our data suggest that in nulliparous women a more effective regimen should be considered. We suggest that doses could be increased to 50 mcg whether labour is not achieved with 3-6 doses. Further studies are needed to evaluate this hypothesis.
Interventricular septum shortening in normal fetuses; Brief Introduction: Fetal cardiac assessment is a standard part of antepartum obstetric ultrasound evaluation. Heart examination including four-chamber view and outflow tract views should be routinely performed to all women as recommended by The International Society of Ultrasound in Obstetrics and Gynecology (ISUOG) [1]. Altough anatomical survey of fetal heart is well-defined, current knowledge on myocardial contractility is scarce. The aim of our study was investigate the interventricular septum (IVS) shortening in normal fetuses. Materials & Methods: Pregnant women applied to Eskisehir Osmangazi University, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Maternal-Fetal Medicine Unit in second trimester of pregnancy were included. Ultrasound examinations were performed twice (at second trismester [22 weeks 0 days to 27 weeks 6 days of gestation] and at third trimester [28 weeks 0 days to 34 weeks 6 days of gestation]) for all fetuses. Fetuses with intrauterine growth restriction and women with gestational or pre-gestational diabetes and any kind of hypertension (gestational, chronic, preeclampsia) were excluded. Cardiac 4D XI spatiotemporal image correlation (STIC) volumes were acquired with a Samsung-Medison Accuvix A30 system and a 2 to 6 MHz transabdominal transducer (Medison, Seoul, Korea). Standart acquisition plane was lateral 4 chamber view which the interventricular septum was completely horizontal to the transducer. Multi-planar render (MPR) images were evalueted later off-line. Interventricular septum lenght was measured from just below the septum primum to the junction point of the apexes of left ventricle, right ventricle and interventricular septum during systole and diastole. Data were analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 20.0 (IBM Corp.). Statistical significance was defined as a p value ≤0.05. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: A total of 25 fetuses and 50 images were included to the study. Four ultrasound studies were later excluded because of poor XI STIC image quality so these 4 fetuses and 8 images were excluded. 42 ultrasound studies of 21 fetuses were analyzed. Mean gestational age at examination in secon and third trimester were 24.4 weeks (±1.6 weeks) and 21.3 weeks (±2 weeks) respectively. Systolic and diastolic Interventricular septum lenght was significantly correlated with gestational age (Figures 1 and 2). Area under the curve for p values were .667 and <0.0001 for diastolic lenght and .673 and .05). Conclusions: In this study, offline analysis of four-dimension XI-STIC images were used to determine interventricular septum contractility. Altough interventricular septum lenght was increased with gestational age, interventricular septum shortening index was independent of fetal size. Fetal cardiac contractility is a subject that recently gained attention. There are few studies to define reference values of fetal myocardial function. Two-dimensional speckle tracing echocardiography is the most frequently used method to assess contractility [2-5]. But this technique is not easy to perform and measurements assessed using different software packages or different ultrasound machines are not always comparable [6]. However, the method used in our study should be evaluated in a larger patient population and intraobserver/interobserver differences should also be assessed. (Figure Presented).
Surveillance of infants of diabetic mothers from our neonatal intensive care unit; Brief Introduction: Prevalance of diabetes in pregnancy changes between%3-10. Eighty eight percent of these are gestational diabetes, remaining cases are pre-gestational. Pregestational diabetes are%65 type II and%35 Type I diabetes. Both gestational and pregestational diabetes are associated with increased perinatal morbitidity for infants and mothers. We aimed to identify the clinical characteristics of infants of diabetic mothers in relation with their mothers' diabetic status. Materials & Methods: Medical records of 75 infants of diabetic mothers admitted to Uludaʇ University Medical Faculty between January 2010 - January 2014 are retrospectively inspected Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Mothers of 13 (%17.3), 10 (%13.3) and 52 (%69.3) cases had Type I, Type II and gestational diabetes, respectively. Thirty six of cases were female (%48) and 39 (%52) were male. Twenty two of cases (%30) were delivered vaginally and 53 (%70) of cases were delivered via cesarean section. Considering birth weights, 10 of cases (%13.3) were small for gestational age (SGA), 51 (%69) were AGA and 14 were (%18.7) LGA. Mean gestational age and birth weight of these infants were 34 ± 3.6 weeks and 2558 ± 1199 gr. respectively. Mean APGAR scores were 5 ± 2 and 7 ± 2 in 1. and 5. minutes. Most common morbidities were hyperbilirubinemia (42,%56), congenital heart defects (34,%45), hypoglycemia (21,%28) and hypocalcemia (24,%32). Echocardiography revealed septal hypertrophy, atrial septal defect and patent ductus arteriosus as most common heart defects. Major heart defects such as transposition of great arteries, truncus arteriosus and complete atrioventricular canal defects were detected in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. Eleven patients (%14) had additional gastrointestinal, musculo-skeletal and genitourinary anomalies. Three of these infants had birth trauma due to difficult labor. Four (%5.4) of cases had died. Mothers of 48 (%64) cases had routine follow-up during pregnancy. Only 23 (%30) of previously diagnosed mothers were evaluated with HbA1c. Mean HbA1c levels of these mothers was 6.9 ± 1.6. Eleven of these mothers had an HbA1c level below 6.5 Conclusions:: Infants of diabetic mothers has increased risk for congenital anomalies and postnatal morbidities. High rate of congenital heart defects in gestational diabetes raises the question whether these gestational diabetes cases are in fact undiagnosed type II diabetes. Detecting and treating hyperglycemia early in pregnancy must be a goal for obstetricians in order to prevent and reduce the severity of neonatal metabolic disorders and congenital anomalies. We conclude that hyperglycemia must be detected in pregnancy as early as possible. Ideally, routine follow-up should be started and metabolic control must be achieved pregestationally.
FGF2 overexpression in transgenic mice reduces neural tube defects in diabetic pregnancies; Maternal Diabetes induces embryonic vasculopathy at early stages, which is associated with late neural tube defects (NTD). We hypothesize that early vasculopathy is a causal event in late NTD formation. In order to test this hypothesis, we examined the expression of fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2), an essential vascular factor in embryonic vasculogenesis. Maternal diabetes significantly reduced the levels of FGF2 mRNA and protein in embryonic day 7.5 (E7.5), and subsequently diminished FGF2 receptor signaling leading to defective vasculature. To determine the function role of FGF2 reduction in NTD formation, we generated an embryonic endoderm specific FGF2 transgenic (Tg) mouse line. FGF2 overexpression in transgenic embryos takes place in the endoderm from E5.75 onwards. Wild-type (WT) nondiabetic/diabetic female mice were mated with FGF2-Tg male mice to generate WT and FGF2 overexpressing embryos. Under nondiabetic conditions, FGF2 overexpression did not affect embryonic development because FGF2 overexpressing embryos developed normally without defective vasculature and NTDs. Under diabetic conditions, 12 embryos out of 57 WT embryos from 16 dams exhibited NTDs whereas only 3 embryos out of 47 FGF2 overexpressing embryos had NTDs. Statistical analysis showed a significant reduction of NTD rates in FGF2 overexpressing embryos compared to those in WT embryos. In conclusion, we demonstrated that maternal diabetes suppressed FGF2 expression leading to vasculopathy. FGF2 overexpression reduces maternal diabetes-induced NTD formation, suggesting that early vasculopathy induced by altered expression of vascular factors may be responsible for late NTD formation.
Current metabolic status by history of gestational diabetes among South Asian women: The MASALA study; South Asian women have the highest gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence in the U.S. and are likely to be at very high risk of for future type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However this association has yet to be examined. We conducted a cross-sectional analysis of a community-based cohort of South Asians between ages 40-84 years without CVD from the Mediators of Atherosclerosis in South Asians Living in America (MASALA) study. After an overnight fast, a 3-sample oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was completed. Normoglycemia (NGT), impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), and T2DM were defined by ADA criteria. Characteristics of women were compared by GDM history as were associations between GDM history and IFG/IGT and T2DM using multivariable logistic regression. Among 414 women, 9.7% self-reported a history of GDM. Although women with GDM history were significantly younger than women without GDM (Table), women with GDM had a significantly higher prevalence of diabetes, mean diastolic blood pressure, and self-reported weight at age 40 years. In models adjusted for age and weight at age 40, women with GDM had over 3 times the odds of having diabetes (adjusted odds ratio: 3.3; 95% confidence interval: 1.4-7.8). Over one-third of South Asian women with GDM history developed T2DM, with weight at age 40 years being an important contributor to the increased risk. (Table presented) .
The antenatal detection of serious cardiac anomalies: A retrospective study from UHCW; Introduction All pregnant women are offered an anomaly scan including assessment of fetal cardiac anatomy. Congenital cardiac disease is a complex structural malformation of the heart and/or great arteries requiring surgical/catheter intervention within the first 6 months.1 We reviewed the spectrum of defects diagnosed antenatally at our teaching hospital from 2011-2013 and identified if these were associated with a chromosomal defect, maternal disease, viral infection or a family history of cardiac disease. Methods Our fetal medicine database was used to identify 31 cases and the case notes to identify outcomes. Conclusions Three of our cases had a family history of congenital heart disease, two were associated with maternal diabetes and seven had a chromosomal abnormality. Twelve were diagnosed with HLHS making it the commonest antenatal diagnosis. Significant numbers of chromosomal defects emphasise the importance of thorough evaluation of any fetus identified with a cardiac defect. (Table Presented).
Bladder injuries at caesarean section (C/S); 2 different presentations; Changing demographics of the obstetric population with older mothers, raised BMI, increased CS rates, along with the challenge of keeping training within the EWTD constraints makes it important to revisit bladder injuries at CS. We present 2 different presentations of bladder injuries-one at CS and the other later in the postoperative period G1P0 with a history of coeliac disease and previous ectopic pregnancy had a twin pregnancy complicated by APH, gestational diabetes, spontaneous rupture of membranes and required emergency c/s for suspected fetal compromise. At c/s the bladder was noted to be high. Delivery was uneventful but following bleeding from the bladder peritoneum, a 5cm incision was seen in the dome of the bladder. This was repaired, SPC used and a normal cystogram 2 weeks post op G2P1 with a previous CS presented at term in spontaneous labour. Following fetal bradycardia at full dilatation and OP with a high head, an emergency CS was carried out. At c/s bladder was noted to be adherent and was reflected down. Delivery was uneventful but a uterine angle extension and bloodstained urine was noted in catheter. Postop day 1 following clinical assessment of urine pooling in the vagina, an urgent CT urogram showed a 1.2 cm defect in the posterolateral bladder wall in direct communication with the CS incision. A laparotomy with re-suturing of the uterine incision, cystoscopy, retrograde ureterograms, insertion of ureteric stents, repair of bladder injury, insertion of urethral and supra pubic catheters was performed with urologist in attendance. Following a check cystoscopy, the catheters were removed and recovery was uneventful.
The relationship between birthweight and brachio-femoral pulse wave velocity in early infancy: Findings from a British birth cohort (Baby VIP study); Background In adults, pulse wave velocity (PWV) is regarded as a predictor of cardiovascular disease.1 However, associations in infants are not well established. One study has linked neonatal aortic PWV, at 1-3 days, with birthweight and maternal blood pressure.2 Aim To examine the relationship between infant brachio-femoral PWV and size at birth. Methods Baby VIP study recruited 362 newborn babies from the Leeds Teaching Hospitals Trust, including 64 small for gestational age (SGA) (18%). PWV was measured non-invasively from each baby at a follow-up home visit 2-6 weeks after recruitment, using the Vicorder kit. Birthweight and other covariables were collected from the delivery and antenatal medical notes. Individualised birthweight centiles were calculated using the GROW-Centile calculator taking into account maternal weight, height, parity, ethnicity, gestational age and baby's sex.3 Results Mean birthweight was 3329 g (standard deviation [sd] 632). Mean infant PWV was 6.7 m/s (sd 1.3). In univariable analysis, SGA babies had, on average, lower PWV by 0.4 m/s (95% confidence interval 0.0, 0.9, P = 0.04). This association persisted after adjusting for pregnancy factors including maternal smoking, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, blood pressure at booking and 36 weeks, and infant factors including type of feeding, baby's age, position and whether asleep or awake at the time of measurement (0.5 m/s lower, 0.1, 0.9, P = 0.02). Conclusion This study has demonstrated the feasibility and acceptability of measuring PWV in early infancy. SGA was associated with a lower PWV. These findings support the evidence linking SGA with cardiovascular indicators, even very early in life.
Association between newborn birth weight and maternal venous thromboembolism in the postpartum period: A population-based case-control study; Objectives: A precise understanding of the risk factors for postpartum venous thromboembolism (PPVTE) allows for more targeted use of thromboprophylaxis post delivery. We hypothesized that the birth of a newborn at term with low or high birthweight would be associated with a greater risk of maternal PPVTE than the birth of a normal weight newborn. Methods: We conducted a population-based case-control study in Washington State. Cases comprised all women with selected ICD-9 codes for hospitalized VTE within the 3 months post-delivery from 1987 through 2011. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women without VTE, matched by newborn birth year to cases. Characteristics of women and their deliveries were abstracted from birth certificates. Using logistic regression models, and restricting to White women with a singleton birth after 36 weeks of gestation, we compared the risk of maternal PPVTE for mothers of newborns with low birthweights (< 2500 g) and with large birthweights (> 4000 g, macrosomia) with mothers of newborns with normal birthweights (2500-4000 g). Models were adjusted for maternal age, BMI, parity, education, smoking, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, delivery method and gestational length. Results: Our study comprised 442 case and 6927 control women who had given birth to a singleton at term. Among controls, the prevalence of low-birthweight and macrosomic newborns was 1.3% and 14.1%, respectively. Compared with mothers of newborns with normal weights, mothers of newborns < 2500 g had a 4-fold increased risk of PPVTE, which persisted after multiple adjustment (OR 3.6, 95%CI 2.1-6.3). Mothers of macrosomic newborns (> 4000 g) had a slightly increased risk of PPVTE, which was somewhat attenuated after multiple adjustment (OR 1.4, 95%CI 1.1-1.8). Conclusion: Mothers of newborns born at term with low and high birthweights may carry an increased risk of PPVTE. This increased risk appears to be independent of common causes of growth restriction or macrosomia.
Arterialisation of peripheral venous blood in a pregnant patient: An enigma!; Background: Arterialisation of the venous blood gas is a rare phenomenon in which the oxygen in venous blood presents a high partial pressure remarkably similar to the arterial sample. This is the first report of a parturient with arterialized venous blood values with no identif ying cause. Case report: A patient with a history of mild pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes was scheduled for a caesarean section. A vein on the dorsum of the hand was cannulated. Venous blood gas analysis showed a PaO2 value of 11.11kPa and SaO2 of 97% on room air. A repeated gas analysis from a diffrent site showed similar results (PaO2 11.43kPa, SaO2 97.2%). Additional venous samples from a contralateral hand and the foot showed similar PaO2 and SaO2. In order to compare these results with the arterial sample the radial artery was cannulated. The blood analysis showed almost identical values of partial pressure of oxygen and oxygen saturation.The provisional diagnosis of a possible arterio-venous malformation or central shunt was made. An urgent echocardiography was performed but did not reveal any abnormality. The patient had an uncomplicated caesarean section and was discharged home. Discussion: Arterialisation of the venous blood is indicative of cutaneous shunting and may occur in patients with sickle cell disease during vaso-occlusive crisis1. Similar arterial and venous values of partial pressure of oxygen occur during a cyanide toxicity due to decreased peripheral extraction2. Several methods of obtaining an “arterialised” venous blood sample (“heated- hand technique”) which mimic the values of the arterial blood have been described 3. None of these pathological conditions or interventions could be applied to our patient and we could not provide any explanation for these unusual findings. Learning points: Unusually high partial pressure of oxygen and oxygen saturation in the peripheral venous blood sample, comparable to “arterialised” blood samples, can be observed in a parturient without any significant metabolic or vascular pathology.
Regulatory T cells in gestational diabetes: A link between exhausted phenotype and disease risk; Problem: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the most common metabolic disorder in pregnancy. Based on new International guidelines for glucose tolerance test during pregnancy, close to 16% pregnant women are likely to be affected by GDM. Although GDM has been clinically managed by diet or insulin treatment, composite outcome profile of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality still remain unaddressed which can have long term health consequences for both the mother and her child such as metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Since GDM is diagnosed only after weeks 24-26 of pregnancy, it is of utmost importance that novel predictive assays and treatment modalities are invented. Methods of Study: Inflammation-associated metabolic syndrome resulting in excessive increase in insulin resistance and high glucose levels during pregnancy lead to GDM. The definitive cause of this pathologic inflammation and mild autoimmune type phenomenon associated with GDM is still unknown. As regulatory T cells (Tregs) are vital players in maintaining immune tolerance during pregnancy, we evaluated the phenotype and function of Tregs in the peripheral blood of GDMs and age-matched normal pregnancies. Results: Our data support the hypothesis that Tregs from GDM patients acquire an 'exhausted' phenotype, characterized by high expression of the immune-inhibitory programmed death-1 (PD-1) receptor as compared to normal pregnancy Tregs. Notably, PD-1 blockade upregulated Treg phenotype and rescued immunosuppressive activity of GDM Tregs ex vivo. High expression of PD-1 could be detected on Tregs even at 14-16 weeks of pregnancy in GDM patients. Mechanistically, the PD-1 locus undergoes epigenetic changes in GDM patients that lead to its over-expressed phenotype. Conclusions: These studies demonstrate for the first time that PD-1 expression negatively regulates Treg function in GDM and could serve as a predictive and therapeutic marker for this disease.
A novel assessment of fetal wellbeing in gestational diabetic pregnancies: The fetal myocardial performance index; Objective. To evaluate cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetics using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod- MPI) and mitral early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and to determine whether these parameters, if altered, influence perinatal outcome. Method. Pregnant patients in the third trimester complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus comprised the study group, with matched controls. Using Doppler echocardiography the Mod-MPI and E/A diastolic velocities were determined. In addition, fetal weights, amniotic fluid indices, placental Doppler markers, i.e. umbilical artery resistance indices, middle cerebral artery resistance indices and ductus venosus pulsatility indices, and outcomes were determined in both groups. Results. Twenty-nine patients formed the study group with 29 matched controls. The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 v. 0.38; p<0.0001) and the median E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 v. 0.76; p<0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 92% for an abnormal outcome in the diabetic pregnancy. Abnormal outcomes were demonstrated in 17 of the 29 fetuses in the study group (all 17 showing an MPI >0.52), including a stillbirth and neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes were demonstrated in the control group. Placental vascular Doppler indices were similar in both groups. Conclusions. There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetics which resulted in adverse perinatal outcome. Cut-off values of the Mod-MPI for adverse outcomes have been established. The Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to be integrated into routine fetal surveillance techniques in diabetic pregnancies, enabling clinicians to ascertain the timing of delivery, thus reducing perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Survival after an amniotic fluid embolism following the use of sodium bicarbonate; Amniotic fluid embolism (AFE) is a rare and potentially fatal complication of pregnancy. In this case report, we highlight the successful use of sodium bicarbonate in a patient with an AFE. We present a case of a 38-year-old mother admitted for an elective caesarean section. Following the delivery of her baby, the mother suffered a cardiac arrest. Following a protracted resuscitation, transoesophageal echocardiography demonstrated evidence of acute pulmonary hypertension, with an empty left ventricle and an over-distended right ventricle. In view of these findings and no improvement noted from on-going resuscitation, sodium bicarbonate was infused as a pulmonary vasodilator. Almost instantaneous return of spontaneous circulation was noted, with normalisation of cardiac parameters. We propose that in patients suspected with AFE and who have been unresponsive to advance cardiac life support measures, and where right ventricular failure is present with acidosis and/or hypercarbia, the use of sodium bicarbonate should be considered. Copyright 2014 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Obstructive sleep apnea and severe maternal-infant morbidity/mortality in the United states, 1998-2009; Study Objectives: A recent trend in increasing rates of severe maternal morbidity and mortality despite quality improvements has been noted. The goal of this study is to estimate the national prevalence of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in pregnant women and examine associations between OSA and pregnancy-related morbidities, including in-hospital maternal mortality. Design: A retrospective, cross-sectional analysis. Setting: A nationally representative sample of maternal hospital discharges from 1998-2009. Patients or Participants: The analytic sample included 55,781,965 pregnancy-related inpatient hospital discharges. Interventions: N/A. Measurements and Results: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) database was used to identify hospital stays for women who were pregnant or gave birth. Among these women, we determined length of hospital stay, in-hospital mortality, and used International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes to identify OSA and other outcome measures. Multivariable logistic regression modeling was used to calculate adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the associations between OSA and each outcome. The overall rate of OSA was 3.0 per 10,000; however, the rate climbed substantially from 0.7 in 1998 to 7.3 in 2009, with an average annual increase of 24%. After controlling for obesity and other potential confounders, OSA was associated with increased odds of pregnancy-related morbidities including preeclampsia (OR, 2.5; 95% CI, 2.2-2.9), eclampsia (OR, 5.4; 95% CI, 3.3-8.9), cardiomyopathy (OR, 9.0; 95% CI, 7.5-10.9), and pulmonary embolism (OR, 4.5; 95% CI, 2.3-8.9). Women with OSA experienced a more than fivefold increased odds of in-hospital mortality (95% CI, 2.4-11.5). The adverse effects of OSA on selected outcomes were exacerbated by obesity. Conclusions: Obstructive sleep apnea is associated with severe maternal morbidity, cardiovascular morbidity, and in-hospital death. Targeted interventions may improve pregnancy outcomes in this group.
Etiology of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in young childhood; Introduction: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in young childhood is a rare and heterogeneous disease. The prognosis is variable and depends upon the underlying disorder. Unfortunately the etiology of HCM remains unclear in the majority of reported cases. This study aims to describe the diversity of etiologies and the prognosis of HCM in infants under the age of one year. Methods: In this retrospective single center study all patients under the age of one year born from 2007-2012 with cardiac hypertrophy measured by echocardiography (defined as interventricular septum thickness with Z-score >1.64) were included. Patients with underlying congenital heart disease or hypertension were excluded. Diagnosis and clinical follow up were extracted from patient files. Results: During the studied period 32 children with HCM matching the inclusion criteria were identified. Malformation syndromes (including Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome, Costello syndrome, Noonan syndrome, Cantu syndrome, Leprechaunism, Bernadelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy and Trisomy 18) were most frequently diagnosed (31%). Other underlying causes were maternal diabetes mellitus (19%), metabolic disease (6%), sacromeric disease (3%), toxic disease (3%) and congenital hyperinsulinemia (3%). In 34% of the patients no underlying cause of the cardiac hypertrophy was identified. Overall, the underlying etiology of HCM was related to hyperinsulinemia in more than half of the HCM patients. In this studied group 25% of the patients died, all during their first year of life (mean age of death: 4 months). During follow-up HCM normalized in 80% of the surviving patients. Patients diagnosed with malformation syndromes had the highest chance of dying and persistent HCM. Conclusion: An underlying etiology can be found in 2/3 of infants with HCM under the age of 1 year. Hyperinsulinemia is a likely causative factor in more than half of these patients and may have direct consequences for prognosis and treatment. Infants with HCM surviving their first year of life have a good prognosis as the HCM resolves in most of the cases.
Impact of gestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac morphology and performance; Purpose: Fetal echocardiogram is indicated in several reasons like family history of congenital heart disease (CHD), maternal illness, abnormalities determined during fetal screening, etc. Gestational diabetes (GD) is an important maternal cause of fetal cardiac morphological and functional deterioration. In this respect, our aim was to evaluate the impact of GD on fetal cardiovascular system. Methods: 146 women (56 of GD and 90 healthy subjects) at gestational ages between 17 and 32, underwent fetal echocardiographic evaluation in our institution from 2008 to 2011 were recruited a prospective cross sectional case control study. Diagnosis of GD was based on fasting serum glucose and oral glucose tolerance test. Fetal cardiovascular morphology, systolic and diastolic functions were assessed by 2D, M - Mode and Doppler echocardiography. Results: Gestational diabetic pregnants (GDPs) were significantly obese (71,4%, BMI.25, p=0,003) and their HbA1c levels were higher than control group (p<0.001). The frequency of fetuses with CHD was 9,5% where 10% in patient group and 8,9% in healthy subjects. The major cardiac malformation was VSD (2%). Systolic left ventricular free wall and septal thickness, aortic and pulmonary peak systolic velocities were significantly higher in fetuses of GDPs (43,49±11,21 mm, p=0,001; 34,6±67,12 mm, p=0,002; 88,05±15,38 cm/sec, p=0,006; 64,17±8,34 cm/sec, p=0,007 respectively). Mean ejection fraction (EF) of GDPs fetuses were 77,88±10,87% and 78,43±8,08 (p=0,744), however fractional shortening (FS) was found increased in GDPs' fetuses (44,47±10,05; p=0,048). GDPs fetuses tricuspid mean early/atrial velocity ratio (E/A) was 0,72±0,06 and mitral E/A was 0,79±0,09, which wasn't different from healthy pregnants' fetuses (p>0.05). Mean myocardial performance indexes of left and right ventricles were 0.28 and 0.210, where they were 0.30 and 0.31 in the control group (p=0,088 and 0,069 respectively). Conclusions: High frequencies of structural abnormalities was thought of our institution being a tertiary center. Higher velocities in great vessels, increase in left ventricular wall thickness and diastolic dysfunction of both ventricle were supporting previous publications. Increased FS while the EF remaining similar when compared with healthy pregnant fetuses were different from the previous reports. These findings suggested that there may be a global geometric distortion in ventricular contraction of the affected fetal myocardium.
Congenital heart disease and the placenta; Introduction: The cardiac-placental axis is associated with parallel development of the placenta and heart that utilizes many common molecules and reflects synergistic growth of both organs. Little information exists on placental pathology in the presence of fetal congenital heart disease (CHD). Therefore; our objective was to describe and characterize the placenta in neonates with CHD and to investigate the association between CHD and placental abnormalities in fetus. Methods: This study is a retrospective case series. Cases include all infants who were born at Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center (JHBMC) and underwent cardiothoracic surgery at Johns Hopkins Medical Institution (JHMI) within 6 months of life from 2000-2013. Cases with the following characteristics were excluded: maternal diabetes, maternal hypertension, maternal coagulopathy, maternal renal failure, alcohol, smoking, and illicit drugs due to established confounding effect on the placenta. The following infant characteristics were identified and excluded as well: isolated PDA, mild CHD, chromosomal abnormalities and multiple births. Eight out of the 59 patients at JHBMC had met the inclusion criteria. These eight placentas were examined by a pathologist with expertise in study of the placenta. Results: The mean gestational age for this CHD sample was 35 weeks. Infants in this sample had average placental BW ratio=0.20, and median placental BW ratio=0.19, which is a normal ratio for this gestational age. We found that 50% of CHD cases had eccentric cord insertion on the placenta. One out of the eight placentas had a small infarct, 2 showed signs of acute chorioamnionitis, two had meconium staining, and three were characterized as normal. Conclusion: Eccentric cord insertion was present in placenta of half of CHD cases, which suggests placental implantation that has been described in other congenital defects. No other obvious abnormalities were found in this small sample. Larger studies are needed to characterize the placenta in fetal congenital heart disease.
Continuous glucose monitoring system and new era of early diagnosis of diabetes in high risk groups; Continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) systems are an emerging technology that allows frequent glucose measurements to monitor glucose trends in real time. Their use as a diagnostic tool is still developing and appears to be promising. Combining intermittent glucose self-monitoring (SGM) and CGM combines the benefits of both. Significant improvement in the treatment modalities that may prevent the progress of prediabetes to diabetes have been achieved recently and dictates screening of high risk patients for early diagnosis and management of glycemic abnormalities. The use of CGMS in the diagnosis of early dysglycemia (prediabetes) especially in high risk patients appears to be an attractive approach. In this review we searched the literature to investigate the value of using CGMS as a diagnostic tool compared to other known tools, namely oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and measurement of glycated hemoglobin (HbA1C) in high risk groups. Those categories of patients include adolescents and adults with obesity especially those with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, polycystic ovary syndrome (PCO), gestational diabetes, cystic fibrosis, thalassemia major, acute coronary syndrome (ACS), and after renal transplantation. It appears that the ability of the CGMS for frequently monitoring (every 5 min) glucose changes during real-life settings for 3 to 5 days stretches the chance to detect more glycemic abnormalities during basal and postprandial conditions compared to other short-timed methods.
A fatal case of cardiomyopathy in a neonate of a diabetic mother; Introduction: Although cardiomyopathy is common in offspring of diabetic mothers, fatalities are rare. We report the death of a full term macrosomic baby which illustrates important principles. History: Weighing 5.3 kg, the baby was floppy and gasping after NVD. Apgar scores of 2, 1 and 1 were assigned and cardio-pulmonary resuscitation continued until echocardiography confirmed asystole. There were no dysmorphisms, no hydrops, but the liver was palpable at 7 cm. No splenomegaly. Echocardiography revealed gross bilateral hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, very small ventricles and a narrow aortic outlet. The narrowest cardiac walls exceeded 10 mm, the aortic valve and the arch were < 0.5 cm. Mother was Samoan, G7 P6, 37 yrs, with weight 131kg and insulin dependent gestational diabetes. Although this had complicated previous pregnancies she did not attend ante-natal clinics other than at 25 weeks when foetal scan revealed no cardiac abnormalities. At 32 weeks, mother was admitted to ICU with respiratory failure due to asthma and was treated with ventolin and 7 days of prednisone. Her HbA1c was 8.3% and BGL reached 17 mmol/L. An ultrasound revealed no abnormalities in the baby. She did not represent for review until in labour. Discussion: Although some thickening of the intra-ventricular wall occurs in 13% of diabetic pregnancies, thought to be related to excess insulin, gross hypertrophy and fatalities are rare and not entirely related to control of BGL. Ullmo reports significant cardiomyopathy even with HbA1c < 7% in 50% of a neonatal series. The 32 week ultrasound was considered normal in this case, demonstrating that hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can develop rapidly in the third trimester, suggesting a benefit of late third trimester ultrasound and review, at least in uncontrolled diabetic mothers.
Maternal arrhythmia and perinatal outcomes a pregnancy and cardiac disease treatment program; INTRODUCTION: Maternal cardiac diseases can be severely compromised in the setting of arrhythmias. We compared perinatal outcomes among women with a cardiac arrhythmia with women with other types of cardiac disease. METHODS: This is a retrospective cohort study of pregnant women with cardiac disease who delivered from 2008 to 2013. Perinatal outcomes among women with an arrhythmia were compared with those with other types of maternal cardiac disease (congenital, structural, or cardiomyopathy). RESULTS: A cohort of 143 women was identified; 37 (26%) had a diagnosis of an arrhythmia. Compared with women without arrhythmias, those with an arrhythmia were more likely to have a spontaneous vaginal delivery (62% compared with 43%, P<.05) and required fewer operative vaginal births (11% compared with 26%, P=.05). Pregnancies were more likely to be complicated by intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (16% compared with 5%, P<.05) and placental abruption (5% compared with 0%, P<.05). The risk of IUGR remained increased in multivariable model controlling for confounding (adjusted odds ratio 6.9, 95% confidence interval 1.6-30.4, P=.01). There were no differences in rates of other maternal complications including gestational diabetes, postpartum hemorrhage, chorioamnionitis, or intensive care unit admission. Neonatal outcomes including gestational age at delivery, birth weight, 5-minute Apgar, umbilical artery pH less than 7, and neonatal intensive care unit admission were not different. CONCLUSIONS: Patients with arrhythmias were more likely to have a successful vaginal delivery compared with those other maternal cardiac diseases. However, the pregnancy had an increased risk for IUGR and placental abruption. The rates of adverse neonatal outcomes were similar between the groups.
Bed rest and gestational diabetes: More reasons to get out of bed in the morning; INTRODUCTION: Activity restriction or “bed rest” is a commonly prescribed obstetric intervention, which lacks data demonstrating efficacy. Complications including bone demineralization, pulmonary atelectasis, venous thromboembolism, and muscle deconditioning have been attributed to bed rest. Exercise has a known beneficial effect toward achieving good glycemic control in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). We sought to quantitate the effect that bed rest has on GDM. METHODS: We performed a retrospective cohort study from 2007 to 2012 at a large tertiary hospital. Charts for women with singleton pregnancies who were admitted for 7 days or longer with diagnosis codes for preterm labor, cervical shortening, preterm premature rupture of membranes, advanced cervical dilation, and preeclampsia were identified. Those who had their 1-hour screening Glucola test during admission were included. Logistic regression analysis was done to determine the effect of bed rest on GDM. RESULTS: Five hundred nine women were available for inclusion. Fifty-four were diagnosed with gestational diabetes during a prolonged hospital stay (10.6%). Patient characteristics between the two groups were similar. Maternal age (relative risk 2.66, P=.008) and maternal length of stay (relative risk 6.13, P=0.00) were associated with the development of GDM. For every day a patient was admitted to the hospital on bed rest, their risk of GDM increased 1.04 times. CONCLUSION: Antenatal bed rest increases the risk of acquiring GDM. The association between bed rest and GDM is biologically plausible because skeletal muscle is the primary site of maternal insulin resistance. Activation of these muscles has been shown to increase insulin sensitivity and decrease blood glucose levels. This finding supports the mounting evidence that bed rest does more harm than good.
A novel assessment of fetal wellbeing in gestational diabetic pregnancies: The fetal myocardial performance index; Objective. To evaluate cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetics using the modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) and mitral early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and to determine whether these parameters, if altered, influence perinatal outcome. Method. Pregnant patients in the third trimester complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus comprised the study group, with matched controls. Using Doppler echocardiography the Mod-MPI and E/A diastolic velocities were determined. In addition, fetal weights, amniotic fluid indices, placental Doppler markers, i.e. umbilical artery resistance indices, middle cerebral artery resistance indices and ductus venosus pulsatility indices, and outcomes were determined in both groups. Results. Twenty-nine patients formed the study group with 29 matched controls. The median Mod-MPI was increased (0.59 v. 0.38; p<0.0001) and the median E/A ratio was decreased (0.65 v. 0.76; p<0.0001) in fetuses of diabetic pregnancies compared with controls. An MPI >0.52 had a sensitivity of 100% and specificity of 92% for an abnormal outcome in the diabetic pregnancy. Abnormal outcomes were demonstrated in 17 of the 29 fetuses in the study group (all 17 showing an MPI >0.52), including a stillbirth and neonatal death. No abnormal outcomes were demonstrated in the control group. Placental vascular Doppler indices were similar in both groups. Conclusions. There is significant impairment of cardiac function in fetuses of gestational diabetics which resulted in adverse perinatal outcome. Cut-off values of the Mod-MPI for adverse outcomes have been established. The Mod-MPI and E/A ratio have the potential to be integrated into routine fetal surveillance techniques in diabetic pregnancies, enabling clinicians to ascertain the timing of delivery, thus reducing perinatal morbidity and mortality.
Medical and obstetric complications among pregnant women aged 45 and older; Objective: The number of women aged 45 and older who become pregnant is increasing. The objective of this study was to estimate the risk of medical and obstetric complications among women aged 45 and older. Methods: The Nationwide Inpatient Sample was used to identify pregnant woman during admission for delivery. Deliveries were identified using International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9-CM) codes. Using ICD-9-CM codes, pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications were identified in women at the time of delivery and were compared for women aged 45 years and older to women under age 35. Outcomes among women aged 35-44 were also compared to women under age 35 to determine if women in this group demonstrated intermediate risk between the older and younger groups. Logistic regression analyses were used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for pre-existing medical conditions and medical and obstetric complications for both older groups relative to women under 35. Multivariable logistic regression analyses were also developed for outcomes at delivery among older women, while controlling for pre-existing medical conditions, multiple gestation, and insurance status, to determine the effect of age on the studied outcomes. Results: Women aged 45 and older had higher adjusted odds for death, transfusion, myocardial infarction/ischemia, cardiac arrest, acute heart failure, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, acute renal failure, cesarean delivery, gestational diabetes, fetal demise, fetal chromosomal anomaly, and placenta previa compared to women under 35. Conclusion: Pregnant women aged 45 and older experience significantly more medical and obstetric complications and are more likely to die at the time of a delivery than women under age 35, though the absolute risks are low and these events are rare. Further research is needed to determine what associated factors among pregnant women aged 45 and older may contribute to these findings. © 2014 Grotegut et al.
Effect of race/ethnicity on hypertension risk subsequent to gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence is greater in racially/ethnically diverse groups compared with non-Hispanic white populations. Although race has been shown to modify other cardiovascular disease risk factors in postpartum women, the role of race/ethnicity on GDM and subsequent hypertension has yet to be examined. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of race/ethnicity in relation to GDM and subsequent hypertension in a retrospective analysis of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital from 1998 to 2007. Multivariate analyses were used to determine the associations between GDM and (1) race/ethnicity, (2) hypertension, and (3) the interaction with hypertension and race/ethnicity. Women were monitored for a median of 3.8 years from the date of delivery. In our population of 4,010 women, GDM was more common in nonwhite participants (p <0.0001). GDM was also associated with hypertension subsequent to delivery after adjusting for age, race, parity, first-trimester systolic blood pressure, body mass index, maternal gestational weight gain, and preeclampsia (hazard ratio [HR] 1.75, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.28 to 2.37, p = 0.0004). Moreover, Hispanic (HR 3.25, 95% CI 1.85 to 5.72, p <0.0001) and white (HR 1.68, 95% CI 1.10 to 2.57, p = 0.02) women with GDM had greater hypertension risk relative to their race/ethnicity-specific counterparts without GDM in race-stratified multivariable analyses. In conclusion, Hispanic women compared with white women have an increased risk of hypertension. Hispanic and white women with GDM are at a greater risk for hypertension compared with those without GDM. Because the present study may have had limited power to detect effects among black and Asian women with GDM, further research is warranted to elucidate the need for enhanced hypertension risk surveillance in these young women.
Antibiotic prophylaxis at elective cesarean section: A randomized controlled trial in a low resource setting; Objective: To determine the best time to administer prophylactic antibiotics at Cesarean delivery in order to reduce the postoperative maternal infectious morbidity in a low resource setting. Material and Methods: One hundred term primigravidae with singleton pregnancy were recruited and randomly allocated to two equal groups. Each woman received 2g intravenous Cefazoline. Women in Group I received it prior to skin incision while those in Group II had it immediately after cord clamping. We measured the following outcome parameters: (1) Surgical site wound infection; (2) Endometritis and (3) Urinary tract infection. Results: There was no significant difference in any of the patients' characteristics between both groups. In Group I, three cases developed surgical site infections but four in Group II (p>0.05). In Group I, the infected cases had Cesarean because of malpresentations while in Group II, two cases had Cesarean because of patients' request, one because of maternal heart disease and one due to intra-uterine growth restriction. Seven and nine cases had urinary tract infection in Groups I and II, respectively, (p>0.05). Conclusion: Prophylactic antibiotic administration either prior to surgery or after cord clamping is probably equally effective in reducing the postoperative infectious morbidity after Cesarean in low resource settings. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Vitamin D and multiple health outcomes: Umbrella review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses of observational studies and randomised trials; Objective: To evaluate the breadth, validity, and presence of biases of the associations of vitamin D with diverse outcomes. Design: Umbrella review of the evidence across systematic reviews and meta-analyses of observational studies of plasma 25-hydroxyvitamin D or 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D concentrations and randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation. Data sources: Medline, Embase, and screening of citations and references. Eligibility criteria: Three types of studies were eligible for the umbrella review: systematic reviews and meta-analyses that examined observational associations between circulating vitamin D concentrations and any clinical outcome; and meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials assessing supplementation with vitamin D or active compounds (both established and newer compounds of vitamin D). Results: 107 systematic literature reviews and 74 meta-analyses of observational studies of plasma vitamin D concentrations and 87 meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation were identified. The relation between vitamin D and 137 outcomes has been explored, covering a wide range of skeletal, malignant, cardiovascular, autoimmune, infectious, metabolic, and other diseases. Ten outcomes were examined by both meta-analyses of observational studies and meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials, but the direction of the effect and level of statistical significance was concordant only for birth weight (maternal vitamin D status or supplementation). On the basis of the available evidence, an association between vitamin D concentrations and birth weight, dental caries in children, maternal vitamin D concentrations at term, and parathyroid hormone concentrations in patients with chronic kidney disease requiring dialysis is probable, but further studies and better designed trials are needed to draw firmer conclusions. In contrast to previous reports, evidence does not support the argument that vitamin D only supplementation increases bone mineral density or reduces the risk of fractures or falls in older people. Conclusions: Despite a few hundred systematic reviews and meta-analyses, highly convincing evidence of a clear role of vitamin D does not exist for any outcome, but associations with a selection of outcomes are probable.
Circulating apelin levels are associated with cardiometabolic risk factors in women with previous gestational diabetes; Purpose: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at high risk for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disorders. In this study, we aimed to compare plasma apelin levels between women with and without pGDM, and to investigate the possible association of apelin with cardiometabolic risk factors. Methods: Among 252 consecutive Caucasian women with GDM being included in a prospective postpartum follow-up protocol, 141 women eligible for the study protocol were enrolled. Control group consisted of 49 age- and body mass index-matched healthy women without pGDM. Circulating apelin, IL-6 and plasminogen activator inhibitor levels, and carotid intima media thickness (IMT) were measured. To evaluate carbohydrate intolerance, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test was performed. Fasting insulin and lipids were measured, and homeostasis model assessment index was calculated. Results: Plasma apelin levels were reduced in women with pGDM (p < 0.001). In multiple regression analysis, apelin was negatively associated with fasting (r 2 0.090, β -0.273, p = 0.001) and post-load glucose (r 2 0.061, β -0.187, p = 0.022), serum IL-6 (r 2 0.082, β -0.234, p = 0.002), and carotid IMT (r 2 0.057, β -0.168, p = 0.033). Conclusions: Our results suggested that suppressed apelin levels were associated with increased cardiovascular risk in women with pGDM. © 2013 Springer-Verlag.
Maternal diet, bioactive molecules, and exercising as reprogramming tools of metabolic programming; Nutrition and lifestyle, particularly over-nutrition and lack of exercise, promote the progression and pathogenesis of obesity and metabolic diseases. Nutrition is likely the most important environmental factor that modulates the expression of genes involved in metabolic pathways and a variety of phenotypes associated with obesity and diabetes. During pregnancy, diet is a major factor that influences the organ developmental plasticity of the foetus. Experimental evidence shows that nutritional factors, including energy, fatty acids, protein, micronutrients, and folate, affect various aspects of metabolic programming. Different epigenetic mechanisms that are elicited by bioactive factors in early critical developmental ages affect the susceptibility to several diseases in adulthood. The beneficial effects promoted by exercise training are well recognised, and physical exercise may be considered one of the more prominent non-pharmacological tools that can be used to attenuate metabolic programming and to consequently ameliorate the illness provoked by metabolic diseases and reduce the prevalence of obesity, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases. Literature on the different outcomes of unbalanced diets and the beneficial effects of some bioactive molecules during gestation and lactation on the metabolic health of offspring, as well as the potential mechanisms underlying these effects, was reviewed. The importance of the combined effects of functional nutrition and exercise as reprogramming tools of metabolic programming is discussed in depth. Finally, this review provides recommendations to healthcare providers that may aid in the control of early programming in an attempt to optimise the health of the mother and child. © 2014 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Association of severe intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy with adverse pregnancy outcomes: A prospective population-based case-control study; Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a pregnancy-specific liver disease, characterized by maternal pruritus and raised serum bile acids. Our objectives were to describe the epidemiology and pregnancy complications associated with severe ICP and to test the hypothesis that adverse perinatal outcomes are increased in these women. A prospective population-based case-control study with national coverage was undertaken using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System (UKOSS). Control data for comparison were obtained from women with healthy pregnancy outcome through UKOSS (n = 2,232), St Mary's Maternity Information System (n = 554,319), and Office for National Statistics (n = 668,195). The main outcome measures investigated were preterm delivery, stillbirth, and neonatal unit admission. In all, 713 confirmed cases of severe ICP were identified, giving an estimated incidence of 9.2 per 10,000 maternities. Women with severe ICP and a singleton pregnancy (n = 669) had increased risks of preterm delivery (164/664; 25% versus 144/2200; 6.5%; adjusted odds ratio [OR] 5.39, 95% confidence interval [CI] 4.17 to 6.98), neonatal unit admission (80/654; 12% versus 123/2192; 5.6%; adjusted OR 2.68, 95% CI 1.97 to 3.65), and stillbirth (10/664; 1.5% versus 11/2205; 0.5%; adjusted OR 2.58, 95% CI 1.03 to 6.49) compared to controls. Seven of 10 stillbirths in ICP cases were associated with coexisting pregnancy complications. These differences remained significant against national data. Risks of preterm delivery, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, and stillbirth rose with increasing maternal serum bile acid concentrations. Conclusion: In the largest prospective cohort study in severe ICP to date, we demonstrate significant increased risks of adverse perinatal outcomes, including stillbirth. Our findings support the case for close antenatal monitoring of pregnancies affected by severe ICP. © 2014 The Authors. Hepatology published by Wiley on behalf of the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases.
40 year old female with chest pain; Background: Spontaneous coronary artery dissection is a rare cause of myocardial infarction. It is most commonly seen in young women. It is often seen postpartum. Coronary artery dissection classically presents as an acute coronary syndrome. Case: A 40 year old female presented to the emergency department with acute onset substernal chest pain. The patient was perimenopausal, with a past medical history significant for gestational diabetes. The patient described her pain as radiating to her neck, accompanied by shortness of breath and nausea. The patient was given sublingual nitroglycerin, which improved but did not resolve her pain. Physical exam revealed an anxious, but otherwise well- appearing young woman. There were no signs of heart failure. An ECG done on arrival showed 3mm of ST elevation in leads V2-V5. Therefore, the patient was anticoagulated with tricagrelor, heparin, and aspirin in preparation for the cath lab. Decision-making: Coronary angiography revealed acute dissection of the mid-LAD, with involvement of the first diagonal artery. A large second diagonal artery was present, but not involved in the dissection. Right coronary and circumflex arteries were angiographically normal. TIMI 3 flow was present in all segments, including those involved with the dissection. Left ventriculogram showed a normal left ventricular function and dimension. During the course of the procedure, the patient's chest pain subsided and her ECG returned to normal. Given percutaneous intervention on the dissection would place the second diagonal in jeopardy, it was decided to treat the patient conservatively. Medical therapy with isosorbide mononitrate, lisinopril, simvastatin, and metoprolol succinate was initiated. The patient was discharged 5 days later. At 6 month follow-up, the patient remained chest pain free and was back to her baseline activity level. Conclusion: This case demonstrates coronary artery dissection presenting as acute coronary syndrome in a young female patient. Conservative management is the preferred strategy in treatment of coronary artery dissection.
Association between diabetes risk and indication for statin therapy in asymptomatic untreated women; Background: Recent studies have demonstrated an association between statin usage and new-onset diabetes. While there is a slight increased risk for Type II diabetes (DM2) in female statin users, it raises concerns for statin usage for primary prevention. The Framingham and Reynold's risk scores are tools used clinically to assess risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD) and hence for the initiation of statin medications. Objective(s): Our aim was to analyze the association between known risk factors for the development of DMII with the Framingham and Reynold's Risk Score in asymptomatic women from the community. We hypothesize that there is significant collinearity among diabetes risk factors with the calculated Framingham/ Reynold's risk scores in asymptomatic women. Material/Methods: 368 asymptomatic women from the community without known DMII or CVD were analyzed. Demographics, anthropometrics, fasting glucose, C-reactive protein and lipid levels were collected on all patients. Framingham, Reynold's Risk and a diabetes risk score comprised of known diabetes risk factors including impaired fasting glucose > 100 mg/dL, history of gestational diabetes, family history of DMII, BMI > 25, hypertension history, HDL < 40 mg/dL, and age > 45 years were calculated. Spearman correlation and Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) were used. Results: Mean age of the cohort was 57 ± 7 years, BMI was 27 ± 6 kg/m2 with baseline fasting glucose of 91 ± 13, LDL of 124 ± 38 and HDL of 61 ± 16 mg/dL. 32% of the women had a family hx of diabetes while 2% had a history of gestational diabetes. There was a significant correlation between diabetes risk factors and the calculated Framingham risk score (r = 0.4, p < 0.001) and Reynold's Risk Score (r = 0.43, p < 0.001). Analyzed across quartiles for both Framingham and Reynold's Risk scores, there were significant increases in the number of diabetic risk factors (p < 0.001 for both). Conclusions: In asymptomatic middle-aged women from the community there are significant associations between baseline risk for diabetes with both the Framingham and Reynold's Risk scores. This suggests that in women where statins are indicated for primary prevention, there already exists an increased baseline risk for developing DMII.
Outcomes of pregnancies in women aged 40 and more: 1 year experience in multiethnic population; Introduction There is rising proportion of maternities in mothers aged 40 and more due to increasing number of women delaying childbirth towards later reproductive years. There is continuum of risk to mum and baby with increasing maternal age. With increased age, pre-existing maternal comorbidities such as obesity, hypertension and diabetes are more likely to be present, adversely affecting pregnancy outcomes. These pregnancies are also at increased risk of pregnancy related complications such as Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, pre-eclampsia, placenta praevia; abruption, malpresentation and preterm/ postdate labour. Risk of stillbirth appears to be significantly high in these women and is independent of confounding factors. Methods All women aged 40 and more who delivered across all 3 sites of NHS Foundation Trust in England. This trust caters for multi ethnic population and three sites include busy teaching hospital, busy district general hospital and midwifery led unit. All women aged 40 and more who delivered between 1 January 2012 and 31 December 2012 were identified and data were collected retrospectively. There were 497 births from 488 pregnancies. Results There were 480 live births (total 497 births). 14 were unregistered births that included 5 terminations for fetal anomalies or maternal disease. There were 5 early miscarriages and 1 miscarriage at 23+5 weeks of gestation. In this group there were two intrauterine deaths and one feticide for cardiac anomaly. The rate of stillbirth is 6/1000 in this group and the highest risk group is Primigravidas in whom this was 15/1000. These women have high caesarean section (CS) rates of 41% versus 27% background CS rate in this trust. The caesarean section rate in primigravidas was highest being 59%. The rate of successful vaginal birth after one previous caesarean was 56%. Conclusions These women have significantly higher risk of caesarean delivery and stillbirth. Amongst maternities in women aged 40 and more the highest risk group is primigravid women.
Use of emergency room after medically complicated pregnancy: A medicaid claims analysis; BACKGROUND: Frequent interaction with the healthcare system in pregnancy and postpartum provides opportunity for engagement in primary care and risk factor modification. Low income women, however, cite multiple barriers to postpartum primary care and studies suggest they may utilize the emergency room (ER) for care. Women with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy including gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, and eclampsia (HDP) are at increased risk of future diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease. The objectives of this study were to: 1) determine if women with pregnancies complicated by GDM or HDP would be more likely to use the ER in the 6 months postpartum than women with uncomplicated pregnancies, and 2) to determine other risk factors for ER use in the 6 months postpartum. METHODS: This is a retrospective population based cohort study using 2003-2009 administrative claims data from one Maryland Medicaid Managed Care Organization. Claims data were linked with 2000 U.S. Census data by zip code, to obtain neighborhood characteristics. The sample included pregnant women age 12-45, with more than 100 days Medicaid coverage during pregnancy, and at least 90 days postpartum coverage. The primary outcome was one or more ER visits in the 6 months postpartum. To examine the association between ER visits and pregnancies complicated by GDM or HDP, we used logistic regression models that adjusted for maternal age, race, non-pregnancy related co-morbidities (chronic hypertension, type II diabetes, obesity, asthma, substance abuse, mental health disorders), duration of coverage, prenatal care, pregnancy or postpartum primary care use, and neighborhood socioeconomic characteristics. RESULTS: We identified 26,074 pregnancies of which 20 % (n=5,340) were complicated by GDM or HDP, and 80 % (n=20,734) were not. In the first 6 months postpartum, 24 % of women had one or more ER visits, ranging from 0 to 40 total visits per woman. In unadjusted analyses, 27 % of women with GDM and/or HDP visited the ER compared with 24 % of women without (p<0.0001). In adjusted analyses, women with GDM or HDP were significantly more likely to have at least one ER visit compared to women without these conditions (OR=1.17, p<0.0001, 95 % CI=0.0800902, 0.2359954). Non-pregnancy related medical co-morbidities were also strongly related to ER use. Women with other medical comorbidities had significantly more ER visits as compared of women without: 33% vs 20% respectively (p<0.0001), and an OR=1.65 in adjusted analyses (p<0.0001, 95 % CI=0.4288324, 0.5676198). Finally, women who attended at least one primary care visit postpartum were more likely to use the ER (OR= 1.49, p<0.0001, 95 % CI=0.3301632, 0.4717708). CONCLUSIONS: Nearly 25 % of women used the ER regardless of pregnancy complication, but those with recent GDM or HDP pregnancy had higher use. These results highlight the importance of targeting women with a history of GDM or HDP, and non-pregnancy related medical co-morbidities, for postpartum outreach.
The relationship between metabolite profile, maternal diet and gestational diabetes mellitus: A case-control study; Background: Maternal nutrition is a major factor in the intrauterine environment, implicated in the aetiology of many pregnancy disorders. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is one such disorder. Long-term consequences include: increased risk of offspring obesity, cardiovascular disease, and Type 2 diabetes. Metabolomics is an analytical approach which allows for appraisal of small molecular mass compounds in a biofluid; affected by dietary intake. The aim of this study was to generate hypotheses on relationships between early gestation metabolite profile, maternal diet and GDM development. Method: Maternal serum at 20 weeks gestation and dietary data were obtained from the New Zealand cohort of the SCOPE study. Metabolite profiling was performed using gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry (GC-MS); metabolites were identified using R software and an in-house library. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS v21.0 and MetaboAnalyst. Results: A partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) on the profile of unidentified compounds showed a clear separation between cases and controls. Cysteine (P = 0.006) and itaconic acid levels (P = 0.001) were significantly higher in women that subsequently developed GDM. Pre-pregnancy fruit intake and gestational intake of leafy green vegetables modified the risk of GDM development. Conclusions: The separation in the PLS-DA of unidentified compounds demonstrates potential for the early gestation, serum metabolite profile to differentiate between women that subsequently develop GDM, and controls with uncomplicated pregnancies. Raised cysteine and itaconic acid levels may demonstrate a role of early gestation inflammation in GDM development. The dietary data provides evidence of the benefit of fruit intake pre-pregnancy.
Preterm delivery and incident metabolic syndrome: A 25-year prospective study of cardia women; Introduction: Women who deliver preterm births have excess risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes later in life, perhaps related to metabolic dysregulation. Previous studies, however, have not evaluated how the pre-pregnancy metabolic status, other pregnancy characteristics and post pregnancy weight gain may be involved. Hypothesis: We hypothesized that women who delivered preterm births would have excess risk of incident metabolic syndrome (MetS) compared to women with term births independent of their pre-pregnancy metabolic profile, parity and other risk factors. Methods: We studied 1,246 women (50% Black; 624 of 1,246) in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA study) who had at least one singleton birth between baseline (1985-1986) and year 25, and no MetS before pregnancy. Blood pressure, lipids, and anthropometrics were measured at baseline and at up to 7 subsequent exams. We ascertained incident MetS cases using the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III criteria and estimated the relative hazards (RH) of MetS in women with 1 or more preterm births (<37 weeks, n=306) versus 1 (n=558) and 2 or more (n=382) term births (≥37 weeks) using complementary log-log models adjusted for race, age, education, smoking, time-varying parity and pre-pregnancy metabolic syndrome components. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), self-reported hypertension during pregnancy, and time dependent weight gain were considered as potential mediators. Results: Of 338 incident MetS cases in 17,212 person years, the crude incidence rate among women with preterm birth was higher than among those with 1, but not 2 or more term births (24.2, 14.4, and 32.2, respectively). After adjustment for covariates, however, including time-varying parity, the adjusted RH (95%CI) for incident MetS was 1.89 (1.24, 2.89) for women with preterm vs. term births. Additional adjustment for GDM or hypertension during pregnancy only modestly affected this estimate, but accounting for time-varying weight gain attenuated it to be non-significant (adj HR 1.42 (0.92, 2.21). Increased waist circumference (18.1 ± 12.3 vs. 15.9 ± 11.9 cm, p<0.01) and increased systolic blood pressure (13.6 ± 18.3 vs. 6.6 ± 12.5 mmHg, p<0.01) were the MetS components that changed the most from baseline to year 25 among women with preterm vs. term births. Conclusions: In conclusion, women with a history of preterm birth have an almost two-fold increased risk of incident MetS compared to those with term births after 25 years of follow up. This was independent of the pre-pregnancy metabolic status, other complications and time dependent parity. It was explained, in part, by post pregnancy weight gain.
Risk factors of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its adverse outcomes in low- and middle-income countries: A WHO secondary analysis; Background: Pre-eclampsia has an immense adverse impact on maternal and perinatal health especially in low- and middle-income settings. We aimed to estimate the associations between pre-eclampsia/eclampsia and its risk factors, and adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of the WHO Global Survey on Maternal and Perinatal Health. The survey was a multi-country, facility-based cross-sectional study. A global sample consisting of 24 countries from three regions and 373 health facilities was obtained via a stratified multi-stage cluster sampling design. Maternal and offspring data were extracted from records using standardized questionnaires. Multi-level logistic regression modelling was conducted with random effects at the individual, facility and country levels. Results: Data for 276,388 mothers and their infants was analysed. The prevalence of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia in the study population was 10,754 (4%). At the individual level, sociodemographic characteristics of maternal age ≥30 years and low educational attainment were significantly associated with higher risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. As for clinical and obstetric variables, high body mass index (BMI), nulliparity (AOR: 2.04; 95%CI 1.92-2.16), absence of antenatal care (AOR: 1.41; 95%CI 1.26-1.57), chronic hypertension (AOR: 7.75; 95%CI 6.77-8.87), gestational diabetes (AOR: 2.00; 95%CI 1.63-2.45), cardiac or renal disease (AOR: 2.38; 95%CI 1.86-3.05), pyelonephritis or urinary tract infection (AOR: 1.13; 95%CI 1.03-1.24) and severe anemia (AOR: 2.98; 95%CI 2.47-3.61) were found to be significant risk factors, while having >8 visits of antenatal care was protective (AOR: 0.90; 95%CI 0.83-0.98). Pre-eclampsia/eclampsia was found to be a significant risk factor for maternal death, perinatal death, preterm birth and low birthweight. Conclusion: Chronic hypertension, obesity and severe anemia were the highest risk factors of preeclampsia/eclampsia. Implementation of effective interventions prioritizing risk factors, provision of quality health services during pre-pregnancy and during pregnancy for joint efforts in the areas of maternal health are recommended. © 2014 Bilano et al.
Maternal cardiac metabolism in pregnancy; Pregnancy causes dramatic physiological changes in the expectant mother. The placenta, mostly foetal in origin, invades maternal uterine tissue early in pregnancy and unleashes a barrage of hormones and other factors. This foetal 'invasion' profoundly reprogrammes maternal physiology, affecting nearly every organ, including the heart and its metabolism. We briefly review here maternal systemic metabolic changes during pregnancy and cardiac metabolism in general. We then discuss changes in cardiac haemodynamic during pregnancy and review what is known about maternal cardiac metabolism during pregnancy. Lastly, we discuss cardiac diseases during pregnancy, including peripartum cardiomyopathy, and the potential contribution of aberrant cardiac metabolism to disease aetiology.
Hepatic rather than cardiac steatosis relates to glucose intolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background: Increased myocardial lipid accumulation has been described in patients with pre- and overt type 2 diabetes and could underlie the development of left-ventricular dysfunction in metabolic diseases (diabetic cardiomyopathy). Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a generally young population at high risk of developing diabetes and associated cardiovascular complications, we aimed to assess whether myocardial lipid accumulation can be detected at early stages of glucose intolerance and relates to markers of hepatic steatosis (Fatty Liver Index), cardiac function, insulin sensitivity and secretion. Methods: Myocardial lipid content (MYCL), left-ventricular function (1H-magnetic-resonance-spectroscopy and -imaging), insulin sensitivity/secretion (oral glucose tolerance test) and the fatty liver index (FLI) were assessed in 35 pGDM (45.6±7.0 years, 28.3±4.8 kg/m 2) and 14 healthy control females (CON; 44.7±9.8 years, 26.1±2.5 kg/m2), matching for age and body-mass-index (each p>0.1). Results: Of 35 pGDM, 9 displayed normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 impaired glucose regulation (IGR) and 20 had been already diagnosed with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). MYCL and cardiac function were comparable between pGDM and CON; in addition, no evidence of left-ventricular dysfunction was observed. MYCL was inversely correlated with the ejection fraction in T2DM (R = 20.45, p<0.05), while the FLI was tightly correlated with metabolic parameters (such as HbA1C, fasting plasma glucose and HDL-cholesterol) and rose along GT-groups. Conclusions: There is no evidence of cardiac steatosis in middle-aged women with prior gestational diabetes, suggesting that cardiac complications might develop later in the time-course of diabetes and may be accelerated by the co-existence of further risk factors, whereas hepatic steatosis remains a valid biomarker for metabolic diseases even in this rather young female cohort. © 2014 Winhofer et al.
Estudio Parto: Postpartum diabetes prevention program for hispanic women with abnormal glucose tolerance in pregnancy: A randomised controlled trial - study protocol; Background:Diabetes and obesity have reached epidemic proportions in the U.S. with rates consistently higher among Hispanics as compared to non-Hispanic whites. Among Hispanic women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), 50% will go on to develop type 2 diabetes within 5 years of the index pregnancy. Although randomised controlled trials among adults with impaired glucose tolerance have shown that diet and physical activity reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes, such programs have not been tested in high-risk postpartum women. The overall goal of this randomised controlled trial is to test the efficacy of a culturally and linguistically modified, individually-tailored lifestyle intervention to reduce risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease among postpartum Hispanic women with a history of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy.Methods/Design:Hispanic pregnant women who screen positive for GDM will be recruited and randomly assigned to a Lifestyle Intervention (n = 150) or a Health & Wellness (control) Intervention (n = 150). Multimodal contacts (i.e., in-person, telephone, and mailed materials) will be used to deliver the intervention from late pregnancy (29 weeks gestation) to 12 months postpartum. Targets of the intervention are to achieve Institute of Medicine Guidelines for postpartum weight loss; American Congress of Obstetrician and Gynecologist guidelines for physical activity; and American Diabetes Association guidelines for diet. The intervention draws from Social Cognitive Theory and the Transtheoretical Model and addresses the specific cultural and environmental challenges faced by low-income Hispanic women. Assessments will be conducted at enrollment, and at 6-weeks, 6-months, and 12-months postpartum by trained bicultural and bilingual personnel blinded to the intervention arm. Efficacy will be assessed via postpartum weight loss and biomarkers of insulin resistance and cardiovascular risk. Changes in physical activity and diet will be measured via 7-day actigraph data and three unannounced 24-hour dietary recalls at each assessment time period.Discussion:Hispanic women are the fastest growing minority group in the U.S. and have the highest rates of sedentary behavior and postpartum diabetes after a diagnosis of GDM. This randomised trial uses a high-reach, low-cost strategy that can readily be translated into clinical practice in underserved and minority populations. © 2014 Chasan-Taber et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Obstetric care consensus no. 1: Safe prevention of the primary cesarean delivery; In 2011, one in three women who gave birth in the United States did so by cesarean delivery. Cesarean birth can be life-saving for the fetus, the mother, or both in certain cases. However, the rapid increase in cesarean birth rates from 1996 to 2011 without clear evidence of concomitant decreases in maternal or neonatal morbidity or mortality raises significant concern that cesarean delivery is overused. Variation in the rates of nulliparous, term, singleton, vertex cesarean births also indicates that clinical practice patterns affect the number of cesarean births performed. The most common indications for primary cesarean delivery include, in order of frequency, labor dystocia, abnormal or indeterminate (formerly, nonreassuring) fetal heart rate tracing, fetal malpresentation, multiple gestation, and suspected fetal macrosomia. Safe reduction of the rate of primary cesarean deliveries will require different approaches for each of these, as well as other, indications. For example, it may be necessary to revisit the definition of labor dystocia because recent data show that contemporary labor progresses at a rate substantially slower than what was historically taught. Additionally, improved and standardized fetal heart rate interpretation and management may have an effect. Increasing women's access to nonmedical interventions during labor, such as continuous labor and delivery support, also has been shown to reduce cesarean birth rates. External cephalic version for breech presentation and a trial of labor for women with twin gestations when the first twin is in cephalic presentation are other of several examples of interventions that can contribute to the safe lowering of the primary cesarean delivery rate. © American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Maternal outcomes and follow-up after gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus reflects impaired maternal insulin secretion relative to demand prior to pregnancy, as well as temporary metabolic stressors imposed by the placenta and fetus. Thus, after delivery, women with gestational diabetes have increased risk of diabetes and recurrent gestational diabetes because of their underlying impairment, which may be further exacerbated by fat accretion during pregnancy and post-partum deterioration in lifestyle behaviours. This hypothetical model is discussed in greater detail, particularly the uncertainty regarding pregnancy as an accelerator of β-cell decline and the role of gestational weight gain. This report also presents risk estimates for future glucose intolerance and diabetes and reviews modifiable risk factors, particularly body mass and lifestyle alterations, including weight loss and breastfeeding. Non-modifiable risk factors such as race/ethnicity and insulin use during pregnancy are also discussed. The review concludes with current literature on lifestyle modification, recommendations for post-partum glucose screening, and future directions for research to prevent maternal disease. © 2013 Diabetes UK.
Lipoprotein-associated phospholipase A2 and AGEs are associated with cardiovascular risk factors in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Although most women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) return to normal glucose tolerance after delivery, they have increased risk of cardiometabolic diseases. This study aimed to evaluate the relationships between plasma levels of Lp-pla2 and AGEs and cardiometabolic risk factors in women with GDM. Methods: 190 women with GDM (cases) and 80 healthy women (controls) were enrolled. Demographic and clinical data were collected and analyzed about 2 years after the delivery. Results: Of the 190 cases, 19 (10%), 38 (20%) and 10 (5%) had type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome and hypertension after delivery, respectively. There were significant differences in variables between cases and controls: Lp-pla2 (pg/mL) 1991.5±905.3 versus 1527.0±799.8; AGEs (ng/mL) 403.0±208.6 versus 321.8±150.3. The plasma Lp-pla2 and AGEs levels were positively correlated with metabolic indexes in women with previous GDM. Conclusion: Women with GDM have increased risk of cardiometabolic disease. AGEs and Lp-pla2 could be utilized as novel biomarkers to identify at an early stage of women with increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease. © 2014 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Safe prevention of the primary cesarean delivery This document was developed jointly by the with the assistance of; In 2011, 1 in 3 women who gave birth in the United States did so by cesarean delivery. Cesarean birth can be lifesaving for the fetus, the mother, or both in certain cases. However, the rapid increase in cesarean birth rates from 1996 through 2011 without clear evidence of concomitant decreases in maternal or neonatal morbidity or mortality raises significant concern that cesarean delivery is overused. Variation in the rates of nulliparous, term, singleton, vertex cesarean births also indicates that clinical practice patterns affect the number of cesarean births performed. The most common indications for primary cesarean delivery include, in order of frequency, labor dystocia, abnormal or indeterminate (formerly, nonreassuring) fetal heart rate tracing, fetal malpresentation, multiple gestation, and suspected fetal macrosomia. Safe reduction of the rate of primary cesarean deliveries will require different approaches for each of these, as well as other, indications. For example, it may be necessary to revisit the definition of labor dystocia because recent data show that contemporary labor progresses at a rate substantially slower than what was historically taught. Additionally, improved and standardized fetal heart rate interpretation and management may have an effect. Increasing women's access to nonmedical interventions during labor, such as continuous labor and delivery support, also has been shown to reduce cesarean birth rates. External cephalic version for breech presentation and a trial of labor for women with twin gestations when the first twin is in cephalic presentation are other of several examples of interventions that can contribute to the safe lowering of the primary cesarean delivery rate.
A review on the genetic, environmental, and lifestyle aspects of the early-life origins of cardiovascular disease; This article is a comprehensive review on developmental origins of health and disease regarding various factors related to the origins of cardiovascular diseases from early life. It presents a summary of the impacts of various factors such as epigenetics; gene-environment interaction; ethnic predisposition to cardiovascular diseases and their underlying risk factors; prenatal factors; fetal programming; maternal weight status and weight gain during pregnancy; type of feeding during infancy; growth pattern during childhood; obesity; stunting; socioeconomic status; dietary and physical activity habits; active, secondhand, and thirdhand smoking, as well as environmental factors including air pollution and global climate change on the development and progress of cardiovascular diseases and their risk factors. The importance of early identification of predisposing factors for cardiovascular diseases for primordial and primary prevention of cardiovascular diseases from early life is highlighted. © 2014 Mosby, Inc.
Dulce Mothers: An intervention to reduce diabetes and cardiovascular risk in Latinas after gestational diabetes; Latina women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at elevated risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Few primary prevention programs are designed for low socioeconomic status, Spanish-speaking populations. We examined the effectiveness of a Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) translation in low-income Latinas with a history of GDM. Eighty-four Latinas, 18-45 years old with GDM in the past 3 years, underwent an 8-week peer-educator-led group intervention, with tailoring for Latino culture and recent motherhood. Lifestyle changes and diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors were assessed at study baseline, month 3 and month 6. Participants showed significant improvements in lipids, blood pressure, physical activity, dietary fat intake, and fatalistic and cultural diabetes beliefs (p < 0.05). Formative evaluation provides preliminary evidence of program acceptability. A peer-led, culturally appropriate DPP translation was effective in improving lifestyle changes and some indicators of cardiovascular and diabetes risk in Latinas with GDM. © 2014 Society of Behavioral Medicine.
Comparison of placental pathology in preterm, late-preterm, near-term, and term births; Objective The purpose of this study was to determine whether placental pathologic condition supports the recent suggestion of subcategorizing preterm and term births into smaller gestational age subgroups with different perinatal mortality and morbidity rates. Study Design Twenty-seven clinical and 43 placental phenotypes were retrospectively compared in 4617 third-trimester births: 1332 preterm pregnancies (28-33 weeks' gestation), 1066 late preterm pregnancies (34-36 weeks' gestation), 940 near-term pregnancies (37-38 weeks' gestation), and 1279 term pregnancies (≥39 weeks' gestation). Results Acute inflammatory pattern of placental injury was seen mostly at both gestational sides of the third trimester; the clinical conditions linked to in utero hypoxia (preeclampsia, diabetes mellitus, fetal growth restriction) and their placental associations (atherosis, membrane chorionic microcysts, chorangiosis, intervillous thrombi) were associated statistically significantly with mid third trimester. Acute fetal distress (abnormal fetal heart tracing and clinical and histologic meconium) were increasing with gestational age and were statistically significantly most common in full-term pregnancies. Conclusion Differences in placental pathologic condition among the 4 subgroups of third-trimester pregnancy not only challenge the use of an arbitrary cutoff point of 37 weeks' gestation that separates the preterm birth and term birth but also further support separation of late preterm births from preterm births and term births from near-term births. Based on placental pathologic condition, chronic uteroplacental malperfusion is the dominating etiopathogenetic factor in the mid third trimester (late preterm and near-term births), and acute fetal distress is the factor in full-term births. This obscures relative frequencies of perinatal death and management modalities in the third trimester.
Antepartum fetal health; Delivery of a healthy full term baby following an uneventful antenatal period occurs in the majority of pregnancies. These are classified as a low-risk pregnancy group. There are, however, some pregnancies that are complicated due to maternal or fetal disease that can increase the risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality. This is classified as a high-risk group. The aim of fetal surveillance is to identify these threatened fetuses with the prospect of altering the timing of delivery to prevent the worst outcome, stillbirth. This article looks at the tools available to assess antenatal fetal health in all pregnancies and their ability to identify the at-risk pregnancies that require extra surveillance to improve outcomes. This article does not address fetal surveillance during labour. © 2014.
Cardiac malformations in neonates born from mothers with gestational diabetes; Background Gestational diabetes (GD) and diabetes type 2 (DT2) during pregnancy have been linked to a possible alteration of cardiovascular outcome in neonates. The exact mechanisms of this are not fully understood yet but probably involve activation of systemic and myocardial growth factor signalling pathways. Recently, definition of GD has been revised with the result of an increase of documented cases, requiring or not treatment by diet or insulin. In this study, we aimed at investigating the effect of GD on cardiac outcome in neonates. Methods 237 neonates born in our institution were prospectively enrolled. 110 were born from a mother withand 127 from a mother without GD. The latest were examined due to clinical suspicion of cardiac disease (heart murmur, cyanosis or respiratory distress). Transthoracic standardized echocardiography was performed with complete structural analysis and measurements of diastolic septal- (IVSd) and left ventricular wall thickness (LVWTd), aortic- (VAmax), pulmonary-(PVmax) and aortic arch (DAomax) flow velocities, respectively. Patency of the foramen ovale, of the ductus arteriosus, tricuspidal insufficiency grade I and flow acceleration over one or both pulmonary arteries < 2 m/sec. were considered normal. Results Gestational age and age at examination were similar in both groups. There was no difference between GD- and control group with respect to IVSd, LVWTd, VAmax. PVmax was significantly higher in GD group than in controls (P < 0,005). 54/237 neonates showed structural cardiac anomaly, 18/110 belonging to GD- and 36/127 to control group, respectively (p = NS). GD group encountered for 0/13 of patients with isolated VSD, 13/27 with isolated ASD, 4/6 with myocardial and/or septal hypertrophy and 1/8 with miscellaneous anomalies (mitral insufficiency grade I). Conclusions Our study shows that, compared with selected symptomatic neonates screened for suspicion of congenital cardiac defect, neonates born from mothers with GD present with a similar incidence of structural cardiac defects, especially with ASD with left-to right shunt and myocardial hypertrophy. Further studies are needed in order to clarify the intracellular pathways stimulated by metabolic dysbalance involved.
Outcomes associated with maternal tobacco use in the setting of gestational diabetes; INTRODUCTION: Although the adverse effect of maternal tobacco use has been well validated, its harmful impact in the setting of gestational diabetes is still unknown. Given the vasculopathy induced by tobacco use and the fetal growth stimulated by maternal insulin resistance, we aimed to assess the impact of maternal tobacco use on glycemic control and pregnancy outcomes in women with gestational diabetes. METHODS: Retrospective cohort study of all singleton pregnancies delivered at a single center with GDM from 2007-2012. Women were excluded for major maternal medical illness, fetal anomalies, and unknown maternal tobacco use status. The exposure of interest was self-reported smoking at any time during pregnancy. Outcomes of interest are included in table 1 and include use of glyburide, dose of glyburide, and use of insulin. Groups were compared using Studentâ€™s t-test, Mann-Whitney U, or chi-squared test, as appropriate. P-value of <0.05 was considered statistically significant. Logistic regression was used to refine point estimates while adjusting for the appropriate confounding factors. RESULTS: Of 760 subjects included in the analysis, 130 (17%) selfreported maternal tobacco use. The risk of select outcomes are seen in table 1. Smokers did not require a significantly higher dose of glyburide to attain glycemic control, nor did they more frequently require insulin. Neonatal acidemia was significantly more common in the smokers. The odds of a small for gestational age (SGA) infant was significantly increased, even after adjusting for obesity and chronic hypertension. (Table Presented) CONCLUSIONS: Maternal tobacco use in the setting of gestational diabetes is associated with increased risks for SGA infants and neonatal acidemia without associated decreases in the risk of macrosomia or birth injury.
The relationship between metabolic profile, maternal diet and gestational diabetes mellitus: A case-control study; INTRODUCTION: Pregnancy determines the offspring and mother's future health. Maternal nutrition is a major factor in the intrauterine environment, implicated in the aetiology of many pregnancy disorders. Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is one such disorder; long-term consequences include increased risk of offspring obesity, cardiovascular disease (CVD), hypertension, and type 2 diabetes. With the global obesity epidemic, and CVD the leading cause of death in the developed world, prevention of GDM is of paramount importance. Metabolomics, an analytical approach which allows for the appraisal of small molecular mass compounds present in biofluid, has been used previously (fetal growth restriction/preeclampsia) to differentiate between cases and controls in early gestation. The aim of this pilot study was to investigate associations between early gestation metabolite profile, maternal diet and GDM development. METHODS: Maternal serum at 20 weeks' gestation and dietary data were obtained from the New Zealand cohort of the SCOPE study - an international pregnancy cohort. Forty eight participants were used (22 subsequently developed GDM, 26 controls with uncomplicated pregnancies). Metabolic profiling was performed using gas chromatography coupled to mass spectrometry. Metabolites were identified using R software and an in-house MS library, and statistical analysis was performed using SPSS v21 and MetaboAnalyst. RESULTS: A partial least squares discriminant analysis (PLS-DA) based on the profile of unidentified metabolites in spectral bins showed clear separation between GDM cases and controls. Forty eight metabolites in the profile were identified thus far. Of these, cysteine level was significantly higher in the GDM group compared to the control group (p=0.006), as was itaconic acid level (p=0.001). No significant differences were found in dietary intake between cases and controls (p>0.05), and a canonical correlation revealed no statistically significant linear relationships between dietary intake variables and identified metabolites. CONCLUSIONS: The separation in the PLS-DA of unidentified compounds demonstrates the potential of the early gestation metabolite profile to differentiate between women that will develop GDM, and those with uncomplicated pregnancies.
Epicardial fat thickness in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; INTRODUCTION: Epicardial fat thickness (EFT) has been reported as a cardiometabolic risk factor in adults, though not previously characterized in the fetus. Fetuses of diabetic mothers have altered adiposity, increased insulin resistance, increased inflammation, and hypoxia, all suggestive of an adverse intrauterine environment. We sought to compare EFT in fetuses of pregnancies complicated by maternal pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM) with those of fetuses from non-diabetic gestations. METHODS: We performed a retrospective case control evaluation of fetal echocardiograms to determine EFT in pregnancies complicated by DM (n=25) in comparison to non-diabetic controls (n= 32). Using standard cardiac four-chamber and left ventricular outflow tract images obtained during fetal echocardiography, EFT (mm) was measured in a standardized fashion and compared with maternal body mass index kg/m2 (BMI) and estimated fetal weight (EFW) in grams using linear regression and Student's t-test. Two reviewers were blinded to echocardiography indication and clinical agreement of less than or equal to 0.1 mm in EFT measurement during random sampling assured inter-observer clinical correlation. All data are presented as mean ±SEM. RESULTS: With the exception of two patients with suspected small ventriculoseptal defects, all fetal echocardiograms demonstrated normal fetal cardiac structure and function. EFT was greater in DM compared to non-diabetic pregnancies (1.45±0.07 mm vs 1.20±0.05 mm; p<0.005). No differences in EFT were noted between non-obese (BMI<29) vs. obese (BMI>30) patients (1.30±0.06 mm vs 1.31±0.06 mm; p=0.95) even though maternal BMI was higher (34.3±1.8 vs 29.8±1.3; p<0.05) in DM compared to non-diabetic pregnancies. There was no difference in EFW between DM and non-diabetic pregnancies (776±62 vs 809±99; p=0.77). EFW was also not different between non-obese (BMI<29) and obese (BMI>30) patients (736±78 gm vs 833±78 gm; p=0.4). CONCLUSIONS: Fetal epicardial fat thickness is increased in diabetic pregnancies, independent of estimated fetal weight and maternal obesity status. Fetal epicardial fat thickness may represent a novel sonographic marker for maternal glycemic control and indicative of future cardiometabolic risk.
Prospective population-based cohort study of early prediction of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes: The respect-study; INTRODUCTION: Risk stratification in early pregnancy is currently based on medical and/or obstetrical history and may be improved by prediction models for common pregnancy complications. The aim of the multicenter RESPECT-study is the development of prediction models for preeclampsia and gestational diabetes, both substantially contributing to adverse pregnancy outcomes. Moreover, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes are strongly associated with overweight, type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in later life. METHODS: In a prospective cohort of 4000 pregnant women we will validate established algorithms and develop new ones. The focus is primarily on external validation in the general Dutch population of the most common prediction models for preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. The algorithms are based on maternal characteristics, arterial blood pressure, biochemical serum markers (PAPP-A and PlGF) and second trimester uterine artery Doppler ultrasound for preeclampsia. An adjusted model is used for gestational diabetes (maternal characteristics and first trimester blood glucose levels). Sensitivity, specificity, PPV, NPV and appropriate cut-off points of the different models will be determined. RESULTS: Results of an external validation of prediction models for preeclampsia and gestational diabetes from 2000 pregnancies will be available in early 2014 and presented at the meeting. CONCLUSIONS: Valid prediction models will allow early risk stratification for pregnancy complications, enabling customized targeted interventions. Based on the individual risks and needs of a pregnant woman a multidisciplinary care pathway can be designed which contributes to timely recognition and intervention, and improved pregnancy outcome. On the other hand, women at low risk for these pregnancy complications will not be subject to unnecessary testing and interventions with this strategy. In this way we will contribute to the development of personalized obstetric care and improve the utilization of health care resources.
Role of MIR-143 in glucose metabolism in the placenta with gestational diabetes mellitus; INTRODUCTION: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects ∼7% of all pregnancies. Placentae from women with GDM were reported to have high rates of glycolysis, a characteristic ascribed to cancer cells. In cancer cells, high rates of glycolysis are regulated by changes in expression of miR-143 (a small non-coding RNA) which inhibits its target gene hexokinase 2 (HK-2). HK-2, which converts glucose to glucose- 6-P, has been reported to be over-expressed in diabetic rat placenta. We hypothesized that miR-143 expression is down-regulated in GDM placenta mediating a switch in mitochondrial respiration to glycolysis. METHODS: Placental villous tissue was collected at term after C-section (no labor) from women with gestational diabetes, treated with diet alone (A1GDM), or with glyburide/insulin (A2GDM) (n=6/each group). The control group (CTR) included placentae collected from healthy women with uncomplicated pregnancies, matched for pre-pregnancy BMI and gestational age (n=6). Placental expression of miR-143 and its target genes were analyzed by RT-PCR and Western blot. Mitochondrial respiration and glycolysis were measured in syncytiotrophoblasts (ST) cultured for 72hrs from control and A2GDM placenta by Seahorse XF24. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in fetal weight, however, placental weight was higher (p<0.05) in A2GDM (733±58g, mean+SE) but not in A1GDM (706±76g, p=0.06) vs.CTR (587±48g). The fetalplacental weight ratio was lower (p<0.03) in A2GDM (3.45±0.02) but not in A1GDM (4.54±0.03) vs. CTR (5.26±0.02). Placental expression of miR-143 was reduced by 50% (p<0.05) in A2GDM compared to A1GDM or CTR. Expression of HK-2 mRNA and corresponding protein were increased 4-fold and 1.5-fold respectively (p<0.05) in A2GDM vs. CTR with no difference in A1GDM. Furthermore, mRNA and protein levels of the glycolytic enzyme pyruvate kinase, and of lactate dehydrogenase were also significantly increased (p<0.05) in A2GDM vs. CTR. Our preliminary findings show a decrease in mitochondrial oxidative respiration in ST from A2GDM vs.CTR. This was accompanied by an increase in the rate of glycolysis as indicated by a 2-fold increase in extracellular acidification rate (ECAR) in A2GDM vs. CTR. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, we suggest that miR-143 may mediate the increased expression of genes regulating glycolysis in the A2GDM placenta perhaps in response to decreased mitochondrial respiration and/ or placentomegaly.
Elevated neonatal leptin is associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy but not cardiac dysfunction; INTRODUCTION: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy(HCM) and cardiac dysfunction are common in neonates of diabetic mothers. Leptin is a known cardiac mitogen. The objective of this study is to determine if elevated neonatal leptin is associated with HCM and/or cardiac dysfunction in fetuses of diabetic mothers. METHODS: In a prospective cohort study, fetal echocardiograms (echoes) at 36 wks gestation in women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) were compared to those in women without DM. HCM was defined as wall thickness of >5mm and cardiac dysfunction as a modified myocardial performance index > 0.43. Umbilical cord serum leptin levels were measured with ELISA. RESULTS: In the DM group, 34/57(60%) had abnormal fetal echoes. Cardiac dysfunction occurred in 22/57(39%) and HCM in 12/57(21%). None of the non-DM patients(20) had abnormal fetal findings. For DM women with abnormal vs normal fetal echoes, there were no significant differences in maternal age(33 ± 5.1 vs 34 ± 5.5 yrs), preconception BMI(32.9 ± 8 vs 32.1 ± 7 kg/m2),Type 2 DM(76% vs 78%),or glucose control(hemoglobin A1C 5.9 ± 0.8 % vs 5.8 ± 0.7%). Neonatal echoes on DOL 1 or 2 demonstrated 9/32(28%) cardiac findings had normalized, 11/32(34%) had hypertrophy, 5/32(16%) had ventricular septal defects, 4/32(12.5%) had patent ductus arteriosus, and 3/32(9.8%) had pulmonary hypertension. In neonates of DM mothers, birth weight was higher in infants with fetal HCM(4312 ± 705 g) compared to those without(3440 ± 788g, P <0.001) yet lower in those fetuses with cardiac dysfunction(3369 ± 948g) as compared to those without(3820 ± 716g, P <0.05). In neonates of DM mothers, leptin was elevated in those with fetal HCM(49.4 ± 35 ng/ml) as compared to those without(20.9 ± 24 ng/ml, P<0.05), whereas neonatal leptin levels were not elevated in those with fetal cardiac dysfunction(27.4 ± 26 ng/ml) as compared to those with normal function(26.8 ± 31 ng/ml). CONCLUSIONS: Elevated neonatal leptin and high birth weight are associated with fetal HCM but not cardiac dysfunction.
Correlation of genetic risk factors for type II diabetes with gestational diabetes in women from hawaii; INTRODUCTION: GDM is not only associated with a higher incidence of adult obesity and the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) later in life but also with a predisposition for cardiovascular disease and metabolic disorders. Along with high rates of T2DM, GDM is particularly prevalent in certain minority populations: For example, Asian, Native American, Hispanic and African-American women are at higher risk for GDM than non-Hispanic white women. The local prevalence of T2DM in Hawaii is increasing especially among Asian and Pacific Islander (PI). These groups have demonstrated significantly higher rates of impaired glucose tolerance (15.5%) and T2DM (20.4%) compared to the overall U.S. population. The prevalence of GDM in Hawaii is the highest in Filipino women, followed by Chinese, Japanese and Native Hawaiian/ PI women. We therefore chose to investigate 25 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) previously associated with T2DM in our local pregnant population. METHODS: OpenArray technology (Applied Biosystems) was used to screen maternal DNA for SNPs in women with GDM and ethnically matched non-diabetic controls (PI: 71 GDM and 197 controls; Filipinos: 162 GDM and 395 controls). We evaluated Unadjusted odds ratios (OR) by c2 tests, the homogeneity of the unadjusted OR among the 2 ethnic groups by Breslow-Day test and used Mantel-Haenszel to calculate the summary of unadjusted OR. Multivariable logistic regression models were used to further adjust for age, BMI, parity and gravida. RESULTS: After adjustment, four SNPs, KCNQ1 (rs2237892), MTNR1B (rs10830963), SLC30A8 (rs13266634), HHEX (rs1111875) were associated with GDM in Filipinos. MTNR1B was also associated with GDM in PI women. CONCLUSIONS: Few of the genetic polymorphisms previously associated with T2DM were also associated with GDM in Filipino and PI women from Hawaii. Of these, only MTNR1B was associated with GDM in both populations, demonstrating a significant diversion from homogeneity of OR among the two ethnicities. These results suggest that GDM is not a simple unmasking of a T2DM predisposition by the metabolic demands of pregnancy; rather it appears that different biological mechanisms are responsible for the respective diseases.
The maternal health clinic: An initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications; INTRODUCTION: Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease later in life. However, most healthcare providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of cardiovascular disease in order to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. METHODS: Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year cardiovascular disease risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. RESULTS: Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), pre-eclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth (29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n=92) was compared to historical cohort groups from the Pre-Eclampsia New Emerging Team study. Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30- year cardiovascular disease risk estimates compared to healthy controls (p<0.0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared to 6.78% of healthy controls (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to cardiovascular disease. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy.
Unusual case of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes as a result of familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) due to heterozygous missense mutation R482W in LMNA gene, described for the first time in Russian population; Background: Familial partial lipodystrophy type 2 (FPLD2) is a rare genetic condition, associated with different metabolic disorders, like diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, hepatic steatosis, cardiovascular diseases, PCOS and reproductive problems. Clinical case: A 29 y.o. woman presented with changed appearance due to abnormal subcutaneous fat tissue redistribution and acanthosis nigricans since 13 y.o. Since the age of 18 she had dysmenorrhea due to PCOS, impaired glucose tolerance, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, mild arterial hypertension. In the age of 26 ovarian wedge resection was performed successfully, and in 28 y.o. patient delivered a healthy baby. During the pregnancy she developed gestational diabetes, controlled with diet and insulin in 3 rd trimester. A year after delivery: HbA1c 6.0% (< 6.5%), fasting glycemia 5.7 mmol/l (3.9 - 6.1), after OGTT - 8.1 mmol/l (< 7.8); ALAT 35 U/l (10 - 40), ASAT 31 U/l (10 - 40), total cholesterol 246 mg/dl (< 175), triglycerides 2120 mg/dl (< 150), insulin 68.6 mcm/ml (5 - 25), leptin 3.9 ng/ml (3.7 - 11.1). US-scan: hepatic steatosis, hepatomegaly. Total fat % (by total body DXA) - 23.3%. All those clinical signs and metabolic disorders, found as well, though less severe, in a patient's younger sister, led us to the clinical diagnosis of FPLD2, which was confirmed genetically by sequencing of LMNA gene and revealing heterozygous missense mutation R482W, previously described in FPLD2. Symptomatic combined hypolipidemic treatment and metformin showed not enough efficiency, so we plan to start metreleptin therapy, recently approved for inherited lipodystrophies treatment by FDA, as soon as it will be registered in Russia. Conclusion: This is the first case of PCOS and gestational diabetes due toLMNAmutation described in Russian population, which provides a key for further studies of lipodystrophies, as well as more accurate analysis of PCOS and gestational diabetes in each particular patient to provide better diagnostics and treatment.
Mediterranean diet and type 2 diabetes; Consumption of selected dietary components is favourably associated with prevention of type 2 diabetes, but discordant results for some foods or single nutrients continue to appear. The study of complete dietary patterns represents the most adequate approach to assess the role of diet on the risk of diabetes. The term 'Mediterranean diet' essentially refers to a primarily plant-based dietary pattern whose greater consumption has been associated with higher survival for lower all-cause mortality. At least five large prospective studies report a substantially lower risk of type 2 diabetes in healthy people or at risk patients with the highest adherence to a Mediterranean diet. Five randomized controlled trials have evaluated the effects of a Mediterranean diet, as compared with other commonly used diets, on glycaemic control in subjects with type 2 diabetes. Improvement of HbA1c levels was greater with a Mediterranean diet and ranged from 0.1% to 0.6% for HbA1c. No trial reported worsening of glycaemic control with a Mediterranean diet. Although no controlled trial specifically assessed the role of a Mediterranean diet in reducing cardiovascular events in type 2 diabetes, there is evidence that post-infarct or high-risk patients, including diabetic patients, may have cardiovascular benefits from a Mediterranean diet. The evidence so far accumulated suggests that adopting a Mediterranean diet may help prevent type 2 diabetes; moreover, a lower carbohydrate, Mediterranean-style diet seems good for HbA1c reduction in persons with established diabetes. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Validation of the joint commission exclusion criteria for elective early-term delivery; Objective: To evaluate whether current Joint Commission (JC) exclusion criteria for measure PC-01, "Elective Delivery" before 39 weeks of gestation, accurately identify valid, codeable indications for planned early-term delivery. Methods: We performed a review and critical analysis of all cases recorded as noncompliant for the measure in a large health care system during the second half of 2012. Results: During the study period, of 107,145 total deliveries, 205 cases were reported as noncompliant with PC-01. Ten percent of compliance fallouts (ie, cases coded as noncompliant) resulted from valid indications for delivery identifiable by International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) coding not included on the JC exclusion list; these were primarily unusual or extreme variations of these conditions. Twenty-five percent of fallouts represented valid indications not represented by an ICD-9-CM code. Eight percent of cases were reported as fallouts as a result of imprecise physician charting; only 2% represented chart abstraction errors. Fifty-five percent of cases involved stated indications for early-term delivery not generally recognized as such by the medical community. Compliance rates of 98% are achievable across a large population using the current ICD-9-CM-based metric for compliance assessment used by the JC (PC-01). The current exclusion list does not appear to be amenable to further improvement by inclusion of more or different ICD-9-CM codes. However, given the low volumes generated using the current PC-01 denominator definition, approximately 60% of facilities would have compliance rates below a 95% benchmark with even a single justified outlier if analyzed on a quarterly basis. Conclusion: Our data validate the current JC exclusion criteria for this measure, which identify the vast majority of valid indications for early-term delivery used by obstetrician-gynecologists and identifiable with ICD- 9-CM codes. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Frequency of congenital heart diseases in infants of diabetic mothers referred to pediatrics department; Objective: To determine the frequency of congenital heart disease in infants of diabetic mothers referred to Pediatrics department. Methodology: A total of 101 full-term neonates, aged from 0 to 29 days, admitted in the Neonatology unit, Lady Reading Hospital Peshawar - Pakistan, diagnosed clinically and confirmed by echocardiography were included in the study. All the children included in the study were sent to Cardiology Department of the Institute for echocardiography. After Echocardiography report, frequency of normal and congenital heart diseases (CHD) like VSD, ASD, PDA, TGA and PFO among these children was determined. Results: Out of 101 neonates, 67 (66.30%) were males and 34 (33.7%) were female. Majority (n=97, 96.0%) neonates' age ranged from 0-10 days. Maternal history showed that 55 (54.5%) mothers got diabetes during the pregnancy and 46 (45.5%) were having pre-gestational diabetes. The frequency of CHD was 52.5% in infants of diabetic mothers. Following CHDs were found in 53 neonates of diabetic mothers; Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in 17 (16.8%) cases, Ventricular septal defect (VSD) in 13 (12.9%), Atrial septal defect (ASD) in 09 (08.9%), Patent foramen ovale (PFO) in 08 (7.9%) and Transposition of the great arteries (TGA) in 6 (5.9%) cases respectively. Conclusions: Frequency of congenital heart disease in IDMs was 52.5%. Careful evaluation and early diagnosis of CHD in this high-risk group are highly indicated and echocardiography is recommended for all infants of diabetic mothers as soon as possible.
Piccolipiù, a multicenter birth cohort in Italy: Protocol of the study; Background: The fetal and infant life are periods of rapid development, characterized by high susceptibility to exposures. Birth cohorts provide unique opportunities to study early-life exposures in association with child development and health, as well as, with longer follow-up, the early life origin of adult diseases. Piccolipiù is an Italian birth cohort recently set up to investigate the effects of environmental exposures, parental conditions and social factors acting during pre-natal and early post-natal life on infant and child health and development. We describe here its main characteristics.Methods/design: Piccolipiù is a prospective cohort of expected 3000 newborns, who will be recruiting in six maternity units of five Italian cities (Florence, Rome, Trieste, Turin and Viareggio) since October 2011. Mothers are contacted during pregnancy or at delivery and are offered to participate in the study. Upon acceptance, their newborns are recruited at birth and followed up until at least 18 years of age. At recruitment, the mothers donate a blood sample and complete a baseline questionnaire. Umbilical cord blood, pieces of umbilical cord and heel blood spots are also collected. Postnatal follow-up currently occurs at 6, 12, and 24 months of age using on-line or postal self administered questionnaire; further questionnaires and medical examinations are envisaged. Questionnaires collect information on several factors, including mother's and/or child's environmental exposures, anthropometric measures, reproductive factors, diet, supplements, medical history, cognitive development, mental health and socioeconomic factors. Health promotion materials are also offered to parents.Discussion: Piccolipiù will broaden our understanding of the contribution of early-life factors to infant and child health and development. Several hypotheses on the developmental origins of health can be tested or piloted using the data collected from the Piccolipiù cohort. By pooling these data with those collected by other existing birth cohorts it will be possible to validate previous findings and to study rare exposures and outcomes. © 2014 Farchi et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Importance of measuring Non-HDL cholesterol in type 2 diabetes patients; Objective: To study the correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus and the proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals. Methods: The cross sectional study was conducted at the Diabetic Clinic, Aga Khan University Hospital, Karachi. Data of Type 2 diabetes mellitus patients who attended the clinic bewteen 2007 and 2011 was reviewed. All Type 2 diabetic patients of either gender with fasting lipid profile irrespective of taking lipid lowering therapy were included. Type-1 DM, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes patients with pregnancy and those with incomplete data were excluded. Correlation between the low-density lipoprotein and Non- high-density lipoprotein was assessed by applying Cramer V and phi. Proportion of patients achieving Adult Treatment Panel III recommended goals was checked. Multivariable regression was done to identify common factors associated with elevated Non- high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Results: A total of 1352 patients fulfilling the eligibility criteria were included in the study. Mean age of the patients was 54.5±11.3 years; 797 (59%) were males; 1122 (83%) had Body Mass Index above 25; and 1016 (75%) had HbA1c >7%. Mean Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 129±42mg/dl. Mean low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 100±37mg/dl. Both low-density lipoprotein <100 and Non-HDL <130 mg/dl was achieved in 645 (48%) patients. It is important to note that although 728 (53.8%) patients achieved target LDL cholesterol of <100mg/dl, among them 83 (11.4%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol still above the target >130mg/dl (p<0.05). Out of 752 patients with Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <130mg/dl, 645(86%) had low-density lipoprotein cholesterol below 100mg/dl. Cramer V and Phi showed that correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol was 0.71 (pvalue<0.01). After adjusting for other covariates, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol >100mg/dl was independently associated with having Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 38.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 28.1-53.1). Similarly, age <60 years was 60% more likely to have Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol> 130 mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 1.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.01 -2.3). Whereas having obesity Body Mass Index >25 was 3.6 times more associated to have Non-high-density lipoprotein >130mg/dl (Adjusted Odds Ratio 3.6; 95% Confidance Interval = 1.6-7.7). In patients with coronary artery disease, combined goal achievement of low-density lipoprotein <70mg/dl and Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol <100mg/dl was seen in 59(35%). Among patients with high-density lipoprotein <70mg/dl, 8(10%) had Non-high-density lipoprotein >100mg/dl (p <0.05). Conclusion: The study showed a correlation between Non-high-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. As measuring Non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in Type 2 DM patients is simple, cost-effective and convenient because it does not require 12-hour fasting which may be a risk for hypoglycaemia in these patients, clinicians may choose Non-high-density lipoprotein as a routine measure in everyday practice.
Aortic intima-media thickness measured by trans-abdominal ultrasound as an early life marker of subclinical atherosclerosis; Atherosclerosis is a chronic inflammatory process that begins in early life. Improved identification of markers of early atherosclerosis via neonatal aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) measurement may allow the development of interventions to prevent or reduce later cardiovascular disease. Conclusion Using aIMT, studies have shown that antenatal factors such as intra-uterine growth retardation, prematurity, maternal factors and inflammation are associated with early cardiovascular changes. © 2013 Foundation Acta Pædiatrica. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Impact of breastfeeding on maternal metabolism: Implications for women with gestational diabetes topical collection on diabetes and pregnancy; Lactating compared with nonlactating women display more favorable metabolic parameters, including less atherogenic blood lipids, lower fasting and postprandial blood glucose as well as insulin, and greater insulin sensitivity in the first 4 months postpartum. However, direct evidence demonstrating that these metabolic changes persist from delivery to postweaning is much less available. Studies have reported that longer lactation duration may reduce long-term risk of cardiometabolic disease, including type 2 diabetes, but findings from most studies are limited by self-report of disease outcomes, absence of longitudinal biochemical data, or no assessment of maternal lifestyle behaviors. Studies of women with a history gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) also reported associations between lactation duration and lower the incidence of type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. The mechanisms are not understood, but hormonal regulation of pancreatic β-cell proliferation and function or other metabolic pathways may mediate the lactation association with cardiometabolic disease in women. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Diabetes in the Western Pacific Region-Past, Present and Future; In the 2013 issue of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Diabetes Atlas, the prevalence of diabetes in the Western Pacific (WP) Region was reported to be 8.6% in 2013, or 138 million adults, and estimated to rise to 11.1%, or 201 million adults, in 2035. The prevalence estimates of impaired glucose tolerance in 2013 and 2035 were 6.8% and 9.0%, respectively. Over 50% of people with diabetes were undiagnosed. In 2013, 187 million deaths were attributable to diabetes, 44% of which occurred in the under the age of 60. The WP Region is home to one quarter of the world's population, and includes China with the largest number of people with diabetes as well as Pacific Islands countries with the highest prevalence rates. There is a rapid increase in diabetes prevalence in the young-to-middle aged adults, possibly driven by high rates of childhood obesity and gestational diabetes as well as rapid demographic and sociocultural transitions. Differences in genetics, ethnicity, cultures and socioeconomic development have led to complex host-environment-lifestyle interactions with marked disease heterogeneity, further influenced by access to care and treatment. Despite these challenges, the WP Region has provided notable examples to prevent and control diabetes. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Risk factors for congenital heart disease in NCR Delhi; Introducion: The burden of congenital heart diseases (CHD) in India is enormous due to very high birth rate. CHD represent some of the more prevalent malformations among live births and remain the leading cause of death from congenital malformations. Disease prevention has been hampered by a lack of information about modifiable risk factors for abnormalities in cardiac development. Hereby we investigated putative environmental risk factors for CHD in DELHI NCR. Materials and Methods: The study included a total of 300 cases-neonates and infants of echocardiographically proven CHD and equal number of controls; hospital based study conducted at RML Hospital, New Delhi. Data was elicited through the interviews of mothers of children included in the study and analyzed based on case control approach for possible risk factors responsible for CHD (univariate approach). Results: The environmental risk factors associated with CHD were consanguineous marriage (P < .001), preterm baby (P = .012) occupational exposure (P < .001), low birth weight (P < .001), obesity in mother (P = .028), gestational diabetes mellitus (P < .001), passive smoking during gestational period (P = .002). No significant difference were observed with birth order, maternal age during pregnancy, type of diet of mother, quality of drinking water, maternal intake of folic acid, iron tablets, tetanus immunization during pregnancy. Conclusions: Low cost interventions like preventing consanguineous marriage, health counseling and testing during pregnancy, health education to women of child bearing age and improving obstetric care may lower the occurrence of congenital heart disease in India.
Mom's milk molds neural wiring for metabolism; Vogt et al. demonstrate that, in mice, maternal high-fat feeding during lactation is sufficient to program the offspring for impaired energy and glucose homeostasis throughout their lifetime. They reveal that the resulting abnormal insulin signaling in the offspring interferes with the formation of hypothalamic neural circuits that contribute to metabolic status. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal high fat diet consumption during the perinatal period programs offspring behavior; The environment that a developing offspring experiences during the perinatal period is markedly influenced by maternal health and diet composition. Evidence from both epidemiological studies and animal models indicates that maternal diet and metabolic status play a critical role in programming the neural circuitry that regulates behavior, resulting in long-term consequences for offspring behavior. Maternal diet and metabolic state influence the behavior of offspring directly by impacting the intrauterine environment and indirectly by modulating maternal behavior. The mechanisms by which maternal diet and metabolic profile shape the perinatal environment remain largely unknown, but recent research has found that increases in inflammatory cytokines, nutrients (glucose and fatty acids), and hormones (insulin and leptin) affect the environment of the developing offspring. Offspring exposed to maternal obesity and high fat diet consumption during development are more susceptible to developing mental health and behavioral disorders such as anxiety, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and autism spectrum disorders. Recent evidence suggests that this increased risk for behavioral disorders is driven by modifications in the development of neural pathways involved in behavioral regulation. In particular, research indicates that the development of the serotonergic system is impacted by exposure to maternal obesity and high fat diet consumption, and this disruption may underlie many of the behavioral disturbances observed in these offspring. Given the high rates of obesity and high fat diet consumption in pregnant women, it is vital to examine the influence that maternal nutrition and metabolic profile have on the developing offspring. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Recognizing pregnancy-associated cardiovascular risk factors; Preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, or pregnancy-induced hypertension identify a woman at risk for cardiovascular disease. This information should be incorporated into the routine cardiovascular risk assessment for women, as a basis for appropriate risk factor screening, counseling, and preventive interventions. There is need for development and validation of a clinometric tool to assess cardiovascular risk and guide management. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The evolving course of HNF4A hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia-a case series; Background: Hepatocyte nuclear factor 4 alpha (HNF4A) gene mutations have a well-recognized role in maturity-onset diabetes of the young and have recently been described in congenital hyperinsulinism. A biphasic phenotype has been postulated, with macrosomia and congenital hyperinsulinism in infancy, and diabetes in young adulthood. In this case series, we report three children with HNF4A mutations (two de novo) and diazoxide-responsive congenital hyperinsulinism, highlighting the potential for ongoing diazoxide requirement and the importance of screening for these mutations even in the absence of family history. Case reports: All patients presented with macrosomia (mean birthweight 4.26 kg) and hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia soon after birth (median age 1 day). All three (age range 7 months to 11 years 10 months) remain on diazoxide therapy, with dose requirements increasing in one patient. There was no prior family history of diabetes, neonatal hypoglycaemia or macrosomia. Parents were screened for HNF4A mutations post-diagnosis and one father was subsequently found to have maturity-onset diabetes of the young. Conclusions: This case series follows the evolving course of three patients with confirmed HNF4A-mediated congenital hyperinsulinism, highlighting (1) the variable natural history of these mutations, (2) the potential for prolonged diazoxide requirement, even into adolescence, and (3) the need for screening, regardless of family history. © 2013 Diabetes UK.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular risk after pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) affects many women in pregnancy and is enhanced by epidemic conditions of obesity, increasing age at the time of the first pregnancy, stressful life conditions, a sedentary lifestyle with less physical activity and unhealthy nutrition with highly processed, high-calorie food intake. GDM does not affect the mother and offspring in pregnancy alone, as there is compelling evidence of the long-term effects of the hyperglycemic state in pregnancy postpartum. Type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome are more common in GDM women, and even the offspring of GDM women are reported to have higher obesity rates and a higher risk for noncommunicable diseases. Early prevention of risk factors seems to be key to overcoming the vicious cycle of cardiometabolic disease onset. © 2014 Future Medicine Ltd.
Pregnancy characteristics and women's future cardiovascular health: An underused opportunity to improve women's health?; Growing evidence indicates that women with a history of common pregnancy complications, including fetal growth restriction and preterm delivery (often combined as low birth weight), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life the purpose of this paper was to review the associations of parity and these 4 pregnancy complications with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality; to review the role of cardiovascular risk factors before, during, and after pregnancy complications in explaining these associations; and to explore the implications of this emerging science for new research and policy. We systematically searched for relevant cohort and case-control studies in Medline through December 2012 and used citation searches for already published reviews to identify new studies the findings of this review suggest consistent and often strong associations of pregnancy complications with latent and future cardiovascular disease. Many pregnancy complications appear to be preceded by subclinical vascular and metabolic dysfunction, suggesting that the complications may be useful markers of latent high-risk cardiovascular trajectories. With further replication research, these findings would support the utility of these prevalent pregnancy complications in identifying high-risk women for screening, prevention, and treatment of cardiovascular disease, the leading cause of morbidity and mortality among women. © 2013 The Author.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: Perceptions and attitudes of women and primary health care physicians on features of pcos and renaming the syndrome; Context: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is an under-recognized, common, and complex endocrinopathy. The name PCOS is a misnomer, and there have been calls for a change to reflect the broader clinical syndrome. Objective: The aim of the study was to determine perceptions held by women and primary health care physicians around key clinical features of PCOS and attitudes toward current and alternative names for the syndrome. Design: We conducted a cross-sectional study utilizing a devised questionnaire. Setting: Participants were recruited throughout Australia via professional associations, women's health organizations, and a PCOS support group. Participants: Fifty-seven women with PCOS and 105 primary care physicians participated in the study. Main Outcome Measures: Perceptions of key clinical PCOS features and attitudes toward current and alternative syndrome names were investigated. Results: Irregular periods were identified as a key clinical feature of PCOS by 86% of the women with PCOS and 90% of the primary care physicians. In both groups, 60% also identified hormone imbalance as a key feature. Among women with PCOS, 47% incorrectly identified ovarian cysts as key, 48% felt the current name is confusing, and 51% supported a change. Most primary care physicians agreed that the name is confusing (74%) and needs changing (81%); however, opinions on specific alternative names were divided. Conclusions: The name "polycystic ovary syndrome" is perceived as confusing, and there is general support for a change to reflect the broader clinical syndrome. Engagement of primary health care physicians and consumers is strongly recommended to ensure that an alternative name enhances understanding and recognition of the syndrome and its complex features. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 99: E107-E111, 2014). © Copyright 2014 by The Endocrine Society.
Evaluation of surface ECG changes in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has an increased risk of maternal and fetal complications. Increased maternal cardiac risk is one of the most important complications. QT dispersion and Tp-e duration are findings of surface electrocardiogram (ECG) and they are used an index of inhomogeneity in ventricular electrical activity, and prolongation of QT dispersion is related to increased incidence of ventricular arrhythmias. In this study, we aimed to investigate QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QT ratio in pregnant women with GDM and emphasize the increased cardiac risk and the importance of GDM screening Methods: Thirty pregnant women with GDM (mean age 27.3±6.1 years) and 23 normal pregnant women (30.2±5.4 years) were included in the study. A 12-lead surface electrocardiogram was used to evaluate QT and Tp-e durations for all participants. All QT intervals were corrected for heart rate using *1*Ǧş q L"2K, NBazett's formula. QT dispersion was defined as the difference between the maximum corrected QT and minimum corrected QT duration. Student's t test or Mann-Whitney U was used to compare groups. The results were evaluated at the p<0.05 significance level. Results: Mean age, body mass index, blood pressure, heart rate and gestational week of pregnancy were similar between the two groups. QT dispersion (54±13 msc vs. 44±12 msc, p=0.006), Tp-e (81±7 msc vs. 76±8msc, p=0.013) and corrected Tp-e (102.4±9.7msc vs. 96.5±8.2msc, p=0.038) were significantly longer in pregnant women with GDM. The Tp-e/QT corrected ratio was found to be higher in GDM patients (0.19±0.01 vs. 0.18±0.02, p=0.040). Conclusion: Our results suggest that QT dispersion, Tp-e interval and Tp-e/QTc ratio are increased in pregnant women with GDM compared to non-diabetic pregnant women. For this reason we suggest GDM screening for all healthy pregnant women and evaluation the long-term cardiac risks.
Gestational diabetes mellitus in Korean women: Similarities and differences from other racial/ethnic groups; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) reflects defects in insulin secretion in response to the metabolic demands of pregnancy. While GDM is increasingly common worldwide due in large part to the obesity epidemic, its frequency is relatively low in Korean women. In this report, the prevalence and risk factors for GDM, perinatal outcomes, and postpartum course are compared in non-Korean and Korean women. While Koreans and non-Koreans with GDM share pathophysiology and complications, there may be differences in the role of obesity and thus the effectiveness of interventions targeting obesity in GDM women. Further investigations of the effectiveness of weight loss interventions and pharmacotherapy specifically among Korean women are needed. Dietary and other lifestyle data from Korean populations could inform prevention and treatment strategies in other countries which suffer from significantly higher prevalences of GDM. © 2014 Korean Diabetes Association.
Omentin: Linking metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease; Omentin is an adipokine preferentially produced by visceral adipose tissue with insulin-sensitizing effects. Its expression is reduced in obesity, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. Omentin is also positively related with adiponectin, high-density lipoprotein levels and negatively related with body mass index, waist circumference, insulin resistance, triglyceride and leptin levels. Lower plasma omentin levels contribute to the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in obese or overweight patients. Omentin has anti-inflammatory, antiatherogenic, anti-cardiovascular disease and antidiabetic properties. With respect to vascular biology, omentin causes vasodilatation of blood vessels and attenuates C-reactive protein-induced angiogenesis. The ability of omentin to reduce insulin resistance in conjunction with its anti-inflammatory and anti-atherogenic properties makes it a promising therapeutic target. Thus, omentin may have beneficial effects on the metabolic syndrome and could potentially be used as a biologic marker and/or pharmacologic agent/target in this respect. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Interrupting the natural history of diabetes mellitus: Lifestyle, pharmacological and surgical strategies targeting disease progression; In recent decades we have seen a surge in the incidence of diabetes in industrialized nations; a threat which has now extended to the developing world. Type 2 diabetes is associated with significant microvascular and macrovascular disease, with considerable impact on morbidity and mortality. Recent evidence has cast uncertainty on the benefits of very tight glycaemic goals in these individuals. The natural history of disease follows an insidious course from disordered glucose metabolism in a pre-diabetic state, often with metabolic syndrome and obesity, before proceeding to diabetes mellitus. In the research setting, lifestyle, pharmacological and surgical intervention targeted against obesity and glycaemia has shown that metabolic disturbances can be halted and indeed regressed if introduced at an early stage of disease. In addition to traditional anti-diabetic medications such as the glinides, sulphonylureas and the glitazones, novel therapies manipulating the endocannabinoid system, neurotransmitters, intestinal absorption and gut hormones have shown dual benefit in weight loss and glycaemic control normalisation. Whilst these treatments will not and should not replace lifestyle change, they will act as invaluable adjuncts for weight loss and aid in normalising the metabolic profile of individuals at risk of diabetes. Utilizing novel therapies to prevent diabetes should be the focus of future research, with the aim of preventing the challenging microvascular and macrovascular complications, and ultimately cardiovascular death. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Prospective study of the MD-twin score for antepartum evaluation of monochorionic diamniotic twins and its correlation with perinatal outcomes; Aim: To assess the outcome of monochorionic diamniotic (MD) twins with the aid of the MD-twin score. Methods: We enrolled 112 MD-twin women in a tertiary perinatal center from 1997 to 2009. The MD-twin score was prospectively applied once per week to women who did not have twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) after 26 weeks of gestation. The MD-twin score consists of five variables: (i) fetal weight discordance; (ii) amniotic fluid discordance; (iii) hydrops fetalis; (iv) umbilical cord insertion; and (v) fetal heart rate monitoring. Normal was assigned a value of 0, abnormal was assigned 1, and total score was used for evaluation.Women with scores of 2 at 26 weeks gestation were managed expectantly until the score reached 3. Outcome measures were fetal death, neonatal death and neurological sequelae. The incidence of poor outcome according to score was investigated. The characteristics of MD twins with poor outcome were investigated. Results: MD-twin scores were applied to 90 women. Among them, 79 had scores of 2 or less and all had good outcomes. There were 11 women with a score of 3, four of whom had adverse outcome for at least one twin. Neonates born to women with scores of 0.2 had good outcomes without respect to birthweight percentile, while neonates with scores of 3 had poor outcomes when their birthweight percentile was less than the third percentile. Conclusion: The MD-twin score is applicable to 90% of MD twins without TTTS. An MD-twin score of 2 is reassuring, while a score of 3 indicates increased risks for adverse outcome. © 2013 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
The impact of early nutrition on the ageing trajectory; Epidemiological studies, including those in identical twins, and in individuals in utero during periods of famine have provided robust evidence of strong correlations between low birth-weight and subsequent risk of disease in later life, including type 2 diabetes (T2D), CVD, and metabolic syndrome. These and studies in animal models have suggested that the early environment, especially early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these associations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted; however the molecular mechanisms by which early environmental insults can have long-term effects on a cell and consequently the metabolism of an organism in later life, are relatively unclear. So far, these mechanisms include permanent structural changes to the organ caused by suboptimal levels of an important factor during a critical developmental period, changes in gene expression caused by epigenetic modifications (including DNA methylation, histone modification and microRNA) and permanent changes in cellular ageing. Many of the conditions associated with early-life nutrition are also those which have an age-associated aetiology. Recently, a common molecular mechanism in animal models of developmental programming and epidemiological studies has been development of oxidative stress and macromolecule damage, specifically DNA damage and telomere shortening. These are phenotypes common to accelerated cellular ageing. Thus, this review will encompass epidemiological and animal models of developmental programming with specific emphasis on cellular ageing and how these could lead to potential therapeutic interventions and strategies which could combat the burden of common age-associated disease, such as T2D and CVD. © The Authors 2014.
Evaluation of cardiac functions of infants of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler echocardiography; Aim: Transient cardiac hypertrophy occurs in infants of diabetic mothers. The effect of this state on cardiac functions was investigated with a casecontrol study using tissue Doppler technique. Material and Methods: In this study, right and left ventricle systolic and diastolic functions of 45 term babies of diabetic mothers and 50 healthy term newborns were examined using tissue Doppler echocardiography. Results: The septum was found to be thick in 16 (36%) of the babies of diabetic mothers. Both the left and right ventricle myocardial velocities were found to be lower in the babies of diabetic mothers compared to the control group. In our study, the Em/Am ratio was found to be below one only in the babies of diabetic mothers in the left ventricle in contrast to the control group. In addition, the Em/Am ratio in the septum and right ventricle was found to be below one both in the babies of diabetic mothers (group 1, 2) and control group. The calculated Tei index was found to be higher in the babies of diabetic mothers who had a thicker interventricular septum compared to the control group. Conclusion: Interventricular septal thickening in babies of diabetic mothers disrupt the diastolic function of both ventricles. This can be demonstrated by tissue Doppler echocardiography. These results show that diastolic function is disrupted in both ventricles in babies of diabetic mothers and only in the right ventricle in healthy babies. It was thought that this could be explained by right ventricular dysfunction arising from physiological pulmonary hypertension in the neonatal period. Subclinical right and left ventricular diastolic dysfunctions which we found by tissue Doppler indicate that babies of diabetic mothers especially with a thick septum should be closely monitored. © 2014 by Turkish Pediatric Association.
Postpartum venous thromboembolism: Incidence and risk factors; OBJECTIVE: To calculate incidence of postpartum venous thromboembolism by week after delivery and to examine potential risk factors for venous thromboembolism overall and at different times during the postpartum period. METHODS: A deidentified health care claims information database from employers, health plans, hospitals, and Medicaid programs across the United States was used to identify delivery hospitalizations among women aged 15-44 years during the years 2005-2011. International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification diagnosis and procedure codes were used to identify instances of venous thromboembolism and associated characteristics and conditions among women with recent delivery. Incidence proportions of venous thromboembolism by week postpartum through week 12 were calculated per 10,000 deliveries. Logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios for selected risk factors among women with postpartum venous thromboembolism and among women with venous thromboembolism during the early or later postpartum periods. RESULTS: The incidence proportion of postpartum venous thromboembolism was highest during the first 3 weeks after delivery, dropping from nine per 10,000 during the first week to one per 10,000 at 4 weeks after delivery and decreasing steadily through the 12th week. Certain obstetric procedures and complications such as cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, hemorrhage, and postpartum infection conferred an increased risk for venous thromboembolism (odds ratios ranging from 1.3 to 6.4), which persisted over the 12-week period compared with women without these risk factors. CONCLUSION: Risk for postpartum venous thromboembolism is highest during the first 3 weeks after delivery. Women with obstetric complications are at highest risk for postpartum venous thromboembolism, and this risk remains elevated throughout the first 12 weeks after delivery. © 2014 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
An updated compact review on diabetes and moleculer target of oral hypoglycemic agents; Diabetes Mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder resulting from a defect in insulin secretion, insulin action or both. Data has been revealed that that >200 million people worldwide are having DM and almost it will reach to 300 million by 2025. Elevated glucose level in the blood drives to chronic complication which affects kidney, retina, heart and nervous system. Impaired insulin secretion and its resistance are the fact of non-insulin dependent DM, where as insulin deficiency as the factor of insulin dependent DM. Hormonal replacement therapy (insulin injection) is must for the later and the former type is managed by oral hypoglycemic agents. Hypoglycemic agents are shortlisted as secretagogues and insulin senziters based on their mechanism like stimulation of alpha-cells of pancreas, enhancing the peripheral uptake of glucose, diminishing the insulin resistance and inhibition of gluconeogenisis. Glucose absorption in GUT and re-absorption in the kidney were also targeted in order to get a beneficial activity. Prescription of combinational therapy is the recent trends of the physicians to get better results. Since, the status is on progress day by day, a better medicament with limited adverse effects should be bloomed to minimize the morbid status. © Medwell Journals, 2014.
Face presentation at term: A forgotten issue; Aim To determine factors associated with face presentation of term fetuses delivered. Methods Of 34 480 consecutive, term deliveries of uncomplicated pregnancies within a 3-year period, all live, singleton term fetuses with cephalic presentation in which no lethal anomalies occurred that were diagnosed with a face presentation were studied. Factors that may have contributed to the etiology of the presentation including age, parity and fetal size were evaluated. Ultrasonographic evaluation was recorded. Results Fifty cases were diagnosed with an incidence of 0.14%. Parity was not associated with face presentation. Birthweight of 4000 g or more indicated an increased risk of approximately 2.9-fold, whereas fetuses weighing 3000-3499 g were found to have a relatively decreased risk of face presentation when compared with the general obstetrics group (P = 0.015 and 0.001, risk ratio = 2.948 and 0.450, respectively). With physical examination, only 70% were diagnosed correctly. Conclusion Face presentation is a rare event and birthweight more than 4000 g was found to be associated with face presentation. Parity is not an associated factor. © 2014 The Authors. Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Research © 2014 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Clinical analysis of 65 cases of hyperemesis gravidarum with gestational transient thyrotoxicosis; Aim We investigated thyroid function and the impact of gestational transient thyrotoxicosis (GTT) on pregnancy outcome in patients with hyperemesis gravidarum (HG; n = 143) who were hospitalized for rehydration. Methods Serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), free T3 (FT3), free T4 (FT4), thyroid globulin antibody (TgAb), thyroid peroxidase antibody (TPOAb) and hCG were measured after admission. Results The total prevalence of thyrotoxicosis in HG was 48.3%; GTT was the main form (45.5%). The total incidence of GTT increased significantly if serum hCG was more than 80 000 IU/L, subclinical GTT if serum hCG was 80 000-140 000 IU/L and clinical GTT if serum hCG was more than 180 000 IU/L. GTT did not require antithyroid therapy. The course of TSH, FT3 and FT4 were followed in 34 cases of GTT; thyroid function normalized by the second trimester. Of 65 patients with GTT, two underwent abortions due to unplanned pregnancies, two delivered prematurely and two infants had macrosomia. There were no other complications. All newborns (n = 63) of mothers with GTT had normal TSH levels. Conclusion GTT is common in HG. The severity of GTT is related to serum hCG levels. In patients with HG and GTT, thyroid function normalized by the second trimester without antithyroid treatment. GTT did not affect pregnancy outcomes. © 2014 The Authors. Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Research © 2014 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Cantú Syndrome Resulting from Activating Mutation in the KCNJ8 Gene; ATP-sensitive potassium (KATP) channels, composed of inward-rectifying potassium channel subunits (Kir6.1 and Kir6.2, encoded by KCNJ8 and KCNJ11, respectively) and regulatory sulfonylurea receptor (SUR1 and SUR2, encoded by ABCC8 and ABCC9, respectively), couple metabolism to excitability in multiple tissues. Mutations in ABCC9 cause Cantú syndrome (CS), a distinct multiorgan disease, potentially via enhanced KATP channel activity. We screened KCNJ8 in an ABCC9 mutation-negative patient who also exhibited clinical hallmarks of CS (hypertrichosis, macrosomia, macrocephaly, coarse facial appearance, cardiomegaly, and skeletal abnormalities). We identified a de novo missense mutation encoding Kir6.1[p.Cys176Ser] in the patient. Kir6.1[p.Cys176Ser] channels exhibited markedly higher activity than wild-type channels, as a result of reduced ATP sensitivity, whether coexpressed with SUR1 or SUR2A subunits. Our results identify a novel causal gene in CS, but also demonstrate that the cardinal features of the disease result from gain of KATP channel function, not from a Kir6-independent SUR2 function. © 2014 WILEY PERIODICALS, INC.
Infants of diabetic mothers: A cohort study; Objectives: To determine the outcome of infants born to diabetic mothers at Security Forces Hospital, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, and compare the complications seen in these infants with infants of non-diabetic mothers. Methods: This is a concurrent prospective cohort study of a population of newborn infants delivered at Security Forces Hospital, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for diabetic mothers between January 2011 and November 2011. Results: A total of 601 infants were enrolled in the study consisting of 319 infants of non-diabetic mothers, and 282 infants of diabetic mothers. Infants of diabetic mothers showed significantly higher rates of associated complications and prolonged hospital stay reflected in their admission to the neonatal intensive care when compared with infants of non-diabetic mothers. There was no difference in rate of complications between infants of gestational diabetics and pre-gestational diabetics. Conclusion: Our study showed that diabetic pregnancies are associated with an increased incidence of neonatal complications. These seem to be related to the degree of maternal glycemic control. The higher rates of complications among our infants of diabetic mothers, particularly major congenital malformations call for those involved in the care of diabetic mothers to consolidate their efforts to facilitate early booking in specialist clinics.
Glycated albumin - More than the missing link in the evaluation of diabetes control; Diabetes mellitus represents a major public health problem in the world and glycemic control is very important in subjects with diabetes. Glycation of many proteins is increased in subjects with diabetes compared with persons without diabetes. Glycated albumin (GA) has emerged as a possible glycation index for intermediate-term diabetes control. There is evidence that GA can be considered a better parameter than glycated haemoglobin in many conditions including pregnancy, chronic kidney disease, liver diseases and anemia. Several reports indicate that GA plays a role in the pathogeny of diabetes complications, mainly in diabetic nephropathy and retinopathy. There are several limitations for using GA including the lack of standardization in the laboratories. Several studies are needed in order to understand the place of GA in the pathogeny of diabetes complications and the role in assessing the metabolic control. © 2014 ILEX PUBLISHING HOUSE, Bucharest, Roumania.
Effect of maternal age on pregnancy: A retrospective cohort study; Background In the last few decades, there has been a delay in first-time pregnancies, and the average age of women at the time of delivery has increased in many countries. Advanced maternal age is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. This study aimed to determine the present trends and pregnancy outcomes related to maternal age in China. Methods Data were collected from 39 hospitals in mainland of China. All deliveries were performed after 28 completed weeks of gestation and between January 1 and December 31, 2011. In total, 110 450 of 112 441 cases were included in the study. All enrolled cases were divided into 6 age groups with 5-year intervals. The χ2 test or Fisher's exact test and unadjusted binary-Logistic regression were used for statistical analysis. Results The mean age at the time of delivery was 28.18±4.70 years (range, 14-52 years). The teenage group (15-19 years) had a higher risk than the 25-29-year old group for anemia (odds ratio (OR), 1.4), preeclampsia (OR, 1.6), preterm birth (OR, 2.1), low birth weight neonates (OR, 2.3), and perinatal mortality (OR, 3.6). The 35-39-year old group and ≥40-year-old group had a higher risk than the 25-29-year-old group for leiomyoma (OR, 4.2 vs. 5.8), pregestational diabetes (OR, 2.2 vs. 3.8), chronic hypertension (OR, 4.6 vs. 6.5), gestational diabetes (OR, 2.6 vs. 3.5), preeclampsia (OR, 2.5 vs. 3.6), premature delivery (OR, 1.8 vs. 2.4), postpartum hemorrhage (OR, 1.5 vs. 1.7), placenta previa (OR, 2.7 vs. 4.0), placental abruption (OR, 1.4 vs. 2.5), cesarean delivery (OR, 2.1 vs. 2.5), macrosomia (OR, 1.2 vs. 1.2), low birth weight neonates (OR, 1.6 vs. 2.3), and perinatal mortality (OR, 1.6 vs. 3.7). Conclusion Maternal and neonatal risks are higher during the teenage years and at an advanced maternal age; 20-30 years of age is the lowest risk period for pregnancy and delivery.
Practice bulletin no. 145: Antepartum fetal surveillance; The goal of antepartum fetal surveillance is to prevent fetal death. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques based on assessment of fetal heart rate (FHR) patterns have been in clinical use for almost four decades and are used along with real-time ultrasonography and umbilical artery Doppler velocimetry to evaluate fetal well-being. Antepartum fetal surveillance techniques are routinely used to assess the risk of fetal death in pregnancies complicated by preexisting maternal conditions (eg, diabetes mellitus) as well as those in which complications have developed (eg, fetal growth restriction). The purpose of this document is to provide a review of the current indications for and techniques of antepartum fetal surveillance and outline management guidelines for antepartum fetal surveillance that are consistent with the best scientific evidence. © 2014 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Ministry of Health clinical practice guidelines: Diabetes mellitus; The Ministry of Health (MOH) have updated the clinical practice guidelines on Diabetes Mellitus to provide doctors and patients in Singapore with evidence-based treatment for diabetes mellitus. This article reproduces the introduction and executive summary (with recommendations from the guidelines) from the MOH clinical practice guidelines on Diabetes Mellitus, for the information of SMJ readers. Chapters and page numbers mentioned in the reproduced extract refer to the full text of the guidelines, which are available from the Ministry of Health website: http://www.moh.gov.sg/content/moh_web/healthprofessionalsportal/doctors/guidelines/cpg_medical.html. The recommendations should be used with reference to the full text of the guidelines. Following this article are multiple choice questions based on the full text of the guidelines.
Diabetes mellitus a pandemic scourge: A Review; Diabetes mellitus is a disease in which a person's blood sugar level is high either because the pancreas does not produce enough insulin, or the insulin that is produced is not effectively used up by the cells of the body. As a result of these, blood glucose level rises up which spills into the blood. Insulin is a hormone which is needed by the body to convert sugar and other starch into useful energy. Type 1 diabetes is when the body fails to produce adequate amount of insulin. Type 2 diabetes is when the body cannot properly make use of the insulin that is produced. Gestational diabetes occurs in pregnant women. Other forms of diabetes may be congenital or due to use of steroids and glucocorticoids or caused by cystic fibrosis. Diabetes is the world's fastest growing chronic disease with about 285 million patients. The causes of diabetes are heredity, feeding habits and life style. Symptoms of diabetes are frequent urination, increased thirsts and hunger. The complications of diabetes are cardiovascular diseases, stroke, reduced vision and blindness, kidney damage, diabetic coma, diabetic foot ulcer, and consequently amputation. It can be diagnosed by fasting plasma glucose test, oral glucose tolerance test and use of glucometer. In ancient times, diabetes was a dead sentence. Diabetes is one of the hardest diseases to live with. Presently, there is no known cure for diabetes except in very specific situations. Management of diabetes concentrates on keeping blood sugar level close to normal, healthy life style, regular exercise and good diet. © 2014 IJPMBS. All Rights Reserved.
Association of congenital diaphragmatic hernia and hiatal hernia with tetrasomy 18p; We report a case of a newborn with tetrasomy 18p who presents with both a congenital diaphragmatic hernia and a giant hiatal hernia. While these two hernias have been rarely reported together in the newborn period, this represents the first association with the chromosomal abnormality of tetrasomy 18p. © 2014 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relation of placental diagnosis in stillbirth to fetal maceration and gestational age at delivery; Aim: To study the relation of retention of dead fetus resulting in its maceration and gestational age at delivery to placental diagnosis. Methods: Some 75 clinicoplacental phenotypes have been retrospectively analyzed in 520 consecutive stillbirths, 329 macerated and 191 nonmacerated, and at three gestational age interval cohorts (330 second trimester, 102 preterm third trimester, and 88 term). Chi-square and clustering methods (Ward dendrograms and multidimensional scaling) were used for statistical analysis. Results: Maternal diabetes mellitus, induction of labor, fetal growth restriction, various umbilical cord abnormalities, and placental clusters of sclerotic/hemosiderotic chorionic villi were more common in macerated stillbirths, while clinicoplacental signs and symptoms of ascending infection and placental abruption, i.e., retroplacental hematoma, premature rupture of membranes, and acute chorioamnionitis in nonmacerated stillbirths. Placental abnormalities were less common in the second trimester, other than the acute chorioamnionitis. Patterns of chronic hypoxic placental injury were common in preterm third trimester, while signs of in-utero hypoxia (abnormal cardiotocography, meconium, and histological erythroblastosis of fetal blood) in term pregnancy. In addition to classical statistics, the clustering analyses added new information to placental investigation of cause of stillbirth. Conclusions: Macerated third trimester stillbirths have multifactorial etiology more likely than the second trimester stillbirths and the likely stasis-induced fetal thrombotic vasculopathy secondary to occult umbilical cord compromise should be sought in placental investigation in such cases. Nonmacerated stillbirths are associated with ascending infection and placental abruption.
Cardiomyopathy in offspring of pregestational diabetic mouse pregnancy; Purpose. To investigate cardiomyopathy in offspring in a mouse model of pregestational type 1 diabetic pregnancy. Methods. Pregestational diabetes was induced with STZ administration in female C57BL6/J mice that were subsequently mated with healthy C57BL6/J males. Offspring were sacrificed at embryonic day 18.5 and 6-week adolescent and 12-week adult stages. The size and number of cardiomyocyte nuclei and also the extent of collagen deposition within the hearts of diabetic and control offspring were assessed following cardiac tissue staining with either haematoxylin and eosin or Picrosirius red and subsequently quantified using automated digital image analysis. Results. Offspring from diabetic mice at embryonic day 18.5 had a significantly higher number of cardiomyocyte nuclei present compared to controls. These nuclei were also significantly smaller than controls. Collagen deposition was shown to be significantly increased in the hearts of diabetic offspring at the same age. No significant differences were found between the groups at 6 and 12 weeks. Conclusions. Our results from offspring of type 1 diabetic mice show increased myocardial collagen deposition in late gestation and have increased myocardial nuclear counts (hyperplasia) as opposed to increased myocardial nuclear size (hypertrophy) in late gestation. These changes normalize postpartum after removal from the maternal intrauterine environment. © 2014 Daniel Dowling et al.
An integrative approach to the patient with thrombophilia; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a multifactorial disease that results from a conjunction of several risk factors, both inherited and acquired. The younger the person, the more risk factors are required to cause the disease. Since 1937, when the term thrombophilia was coined by Nygaard and Brown, and 1965 when it was used for the first time by Egeberg, a substantial increase in the percentage of patients with VTE and underlying thrombophilia has been reported, particularly after the discovery of the most common thrombophilic mutations, FV Leiden and Fll G20210A. Presence of thrombophilia could be detected in as many as 50% of all patients with VTE. Thrombophilia testing has increased lately not only in patients with thromboses but also for other indications, however, whether the results will help in the clinical management of the patients is still unclear. Thrombophilia testing is most commonly performed in young patients with VTE, patients with recurrent episodes of VTE or with thromboses at unusual sites and in persons with positive family history. Whether the presence of thrombophilia influences the clinical management of the patient remains controversial. Patients with VTE and the recognized risk factors such are surgery, trauma, immobilization, pregnancy and the puerperium are at very low risk for recurrence, but prediction of the recurrence of VTE based on the presence of thrombophilia has not been sufficiently explored. Presence of clinical risk factors should be integrated in the strategy of VTE risk assessment. Since many risk factors, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and smoking are common for both arterial and venous thromboses, it has been suggested that VTE should be considered as part of a pancardiovascular syndrome, along with coronary artery disease, peripheral artery disease and cerebrovascular disease. Positive family history for VTE in a first-degree relative increases the risk for VTE occurrence by 2-fold, regardless of the presence of inherited thrombophilia. Pregnancy-related risk of VTE is sixfold increased compared to nonpregnant age-matched women. Women with thrombophilia have been shown to be at an increased risk not only of pregnancy-associated thromboembolism, but also of other vascular complications, including recurrent fetal loss and intrauterine fetal death. Risk for antepartal pregnancy-related VTE is considerably increased in obese women confined to bed for longer than one week, in women who underwent assisted reproduction, in multiple pregnancies, gestational diabetes and maternal age over 35 years. Postpartal risk factors differ, with eclampsia, emergency cesarian section and placenta praevia being the most important. Testing for thrombophilia generally does not alter the management of a patient with VTE, except for selected groups of patients. Women of fertile age with positive family history and presence of thrombophilia may benefit from thromboprophylaxis implementation during pregnancy, or can make the decision not to use oral contraceptives. In the future, the use of global coagulation tests that could detect a hypercoagulable state, along with other clinical risk factors, might improve VTE risk assessment and optimize the duration of treatment of VTE disease.
History of gestational diabetes mellitus and future risk of atherosclerosis in mid-life: The coronary artery risk development in young adults study; Background: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases lifetime risk of type 2 diabetes (DM) and the metabolic syndrome (MetS), which increase risk of cardiovascular disease. It is unclear, however, whether GDM increases risk of early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity and subsequent metabolic disease. Methods and Results: Of 2787 women (18 to 30 years) enrolled in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study, we studied 898 (47% black) who were free of DM and heart disease at baseline (1985-1986), delivered ≥1 postbaseline births, reported GDM history, and had common carotid intima media thickness (ccIMT, mm) measured in 2005-2006. We used multivariable linear regression to assess associations between GDM and ccIMT adjusted for race, age, parity, and prepregnancy cardiometabolic risk factors. We assessed mediators (weight gain, insulin resistance, blood pressure), and effect modification by incident DM or MetS during the 20-year period. Of the 898 women, 119 (13%) reported GDM (7.6 per 100 deliveries). Average age was 31 at last birth and 44 at ccIMT measurement for GDM and non-GDM groups. Unadjusted mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM than non-GDM groups (P=0.029), but pre-pregnancy BMI attenuated the difference to 0.016 mm (P=0.109). In 777 women without subsequent DM or the MetS, mean ccIMT was 0.023 mm higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups controlling for race, age, parity, and pre-pregnancy BMI (0.784 versus 0.761, P=0.039). Addition of pre-pregnancy insulin resistance index had minimal impact on adjusted mean net ccIMT difference (0.22 mm). Mean ccIMT did not differ by GDM status among 121 women who developed DM or the MetS (P=0.58). Conclusions: History of GDM may be a marker for early atherosclerosis independent of pre-pregnancy obesity among women who have not developed type 2 diabetes or the metabolic syndrome. © 2014 The Authors.
Gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome: Can obesity and small, dense low density lipoproteins be key mediators of this association?; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents a condition of glucose intolerance with first appearance or recognition at the time of a pregnancy, associated with an inadequate pancreatic response to the advanced insulin resistance of the later stages of pregnancy, and accompanied by enhancing β-cell mass and secretion of insulin. Women who had GDM exhibit a higher risk for later advent of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular diseases (CVD). Additionally, previous GDM has been proposed as independently correlated with higher risk for development of atherosclerosis in a healthy population, similar to the metabolic syndrome(MetS) and independently of the presence of established CVD risk factors. Available data indicate multiple metabolic abnormalities common in women with GDM, including a high small dense low-density lipoprotein (sdLDL) concentration and a resultant high prevalence of CVD and the MetS. Preliminary data indicate that a measurement of sdLDL is worthwhile in women with GDM during pregnancy as well as the postpartum period. A close follow up of these women should be emphasized in clinical practice because GDM could predict not only eventual health risks for these mothers, but also their offspring. Thus, an improvement in care and risk modification of women with GDM may not only contribute towards improved CVD profile, but also potentially prevent adverse outcomes in their offspring. Lifestyle changes should be promoted in order to prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy and decrease the risk of MetS in the postpartum and long-term. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Anticoagulant therapy in pregnant patients with metabolic syndrome: A review; Pregnancy is a specific state of heightened coagulability related to the increase in procoagulant agents and to the reduced fibrinolysis. Pregnancy is associated with a 4-fold increased risk of developing venous thromboembolism (VTE) and this risk still increases to 14-fold during puerperium. A correlation between the metabolic syndrome and development of cardiovascular events and cerebrovascular incidents has been described. Such a relationship is referred to a hypercoagulable state due to increased serum levels of the plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1), fibrinogen, factor (F) VII and VIII,von Willebrand factor and from endothelial activation, caused by increased circulating adhesion molecules. As to the risk of VTE, the probability for its association with cardiovascular incidents is increased by common underlying mechanisms such as the activation of platelets and the blood coagulation. A correlation between idiopathic VTE and the metabolic syndrome has been reported. The anticoagulant therapy may be recommended during the pregnancy for the treatment or the prophylaxis of VTE and, in women with artificial heart valves, for the prevention of the valve thrombosis and systemic embolisation. There are also specific conditions during pregnancy which benefit from anticoagulant use, such as recurrent fetal loss, thrombophilia and assisted reproductive technology. There are no published specific data about using of anticoagulant agents in pregnant patients with the metabolic syndrome except for a few articles addressing reproductive problems. The mechanisms of anticoagulant action were studied with the focus on heparinoids, because of their safety not only for the patient but also for the fetus. The new oral anticoagulants were also shortly described although they have been contraindicated during the pregnancy. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Polyunsaturated fatty acids in pregnancy and metabolic syndrome: A review; This review presents available evidence for possible application of n-3 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) in pregnant obese women with metabolic syndrome (MS) and focuses on prophylaxis of pregnancy complications associated with MS such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Dietary supplementation with n-3 PUFAs has recently become popular and their adequate intake during pregnancy and early childhood is of clinical importance. The results of experimental and epidemiological investigations reveal that n-3 PUFAs, especially α-linolenic acid (ALA), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), may decrease the risk of cardiovascular diseases. It is believed that n-3 PUFAs affect a multitude of molecular pathways, involving regulation of gene expression, alteration of physical and chemical properties of cellular membranes and modulation of membrane channels and proteins. A large body of evidence focuses on anti-inflammatory properties of PUFAs which seem to be fundamental in prevention and reversing of insulin resistance, atherogenic dyslipidemia, hypertension, thromboembolism and in improving vascular function. Despite the potential PUFAs benefits of decreasing insulin resistance, their application in order to prevent preeclampsia, gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus in pregnant women with MS has not yet been established. Numerous reports have revealed that appropriate fetal development, including neuronal, retinal and immune function depends on EPA and DHA which are crucial also for prevention of preterm birth. Thus the supplementation with EPA and DHA is highly recommended during pregnancy although the optimal dosing and treatment strategies still need to be determined. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Transmission of obesity-adiposity and related disorders from the mother to the Baby; The conventional aetiological model of obesity and diabetes proposes a genetic predisposition and a precipitation by an unhealthy adult lifestyle. This hypothesis was challenged by David Barker who proposed that the intrauterine environment influences the risk of non-communicable diseases (NCDs). The original idea was based on fetal undernutrition because lower birth weight was associated with a higher risk of diabetes and heart disease. However, soon it was clear that the association was U shaped, and that the increased risk in large babies was driven by maternal obesity and diabetes. A number of human and animal studies have refined our ideas of 'fetal programming', which is now thought to be related to acquired chemical changes in DNA (methylation), histones (acetylation and other) and the role of non-coding miRNAs. Maternal nutritional disturbances are the major programming stimulus, in addition to a deranged metabolism, infections, maternal stress, extreme atmospheric temperature, etc. The first demonstration of a link between fetal 'starvation' and future ill-health was in the Dutch Hunger Winter studies. In the prospective Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, we found that small and thin Indian babies were more adipose compared to larger English babies, and their higher risk of future diabetes was reflected in higher insulin and leptin and lower adiponectin concentrations in the cord blood. This phenotype was partly related to a deranged 1-carbon metabolism due to an imbalance in vitamin B12 (low) and folate (high) nutrition, which was also related to insulin resistance in the offspring. Maternal obesity and diabetes have made an increasing contribution to childhood obesity and diabetes at a young age. This was prominently shown in Pima Indians but is now obvious in all other populations. The best window of opportunity to prevent fetal programming of NCDs is in the periconceptional period. This is the period when gametogenesis, fertilisation, implantation, embryogenesis and placentation occur. Improving the nutrition and the health of young girls could make a substantial contribution to reducing the rapidly rising epidemic of NCDs in the world. This is referred to as 'primordial' prevention. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel.
A prospective study of maternal, fetal and neonatal deaths in low- and middle-income countries; Objective: To quantify maternal, fetal and neonatal mortality in low- and middle-income countries, to identify when deaths occur and to identify relationships between maternal deaths and stillbirths and neonatal deaths. Methods: A prospective study of pregnancy outcomes was performed in 106 communities at seven sites in Argentina, Guatemala, India, Kenya, Pakistan and Zambia. Pregnant women were enrolled and followed until six weeks postpartum. Findings: Between 2010 and 2012, 214 070 of 220 235 enrolled women (97.2%) completed follow-up. The maternal mortality ratio was 168 per 100 000 live births, ranging from 69 per 100 000 in Argentina to 316 per 100 000 in Pakistan. Overall, 29% (98/336) of maternal deaths occurred around the time of delivery: most were attributed to haemorrhage (86/336), pre-eclampsia or eclampsia (55/336) or sepsis (39/336). Around 70% (4349/6213) of stillbirths were probably intrapartum; 34% (1804/5230) of neonates died on the day of delivery and 14% (755/5230) died the day after. Stillbirths were more common in women who died than in those alive six weeks postpartum (risk ratio, RR: 9.48; 95% confidence interval, CI: 7.97-11.27), as were perinatal deaths (RR: 4.30; 95% CI: 3.26-5.67) and 7-day (RR: 3.94; 95% CI: 2.74-5.65) and 28-day neonatal deaths (RR: 7.36; 95% CI: 5.54-9.77). Conclusion: Most maternal, fetal and neonatal deaths occurred at or around delivery and were attributed to preventable causes. Maternal death increased the risk of perinatal and neonatal death. Improving obstetric and neonatal care around the time of birth offers the greatest chance of reducing mortality.
Overweight and obesity before, during and after pregnancy; Overweight and obesity have become a global health problem. Obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy have a serious impact on maternal, fetal and neonatal outcomes. Pre-conceptional obesity and excessive weight gain during pregnancy are associated with weight gain in women following childbirth leading to associated risks such as metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Long-term risks for the offspring are an increased risk for early cardiovascular events, metabolic syndrome and decreased life expectancy as adults. German health care has not yet adequately responded to this development. There are no clinical guidelines for obesity before, during or after pregnancy, there are no concerted actions amongst midwives, obstetricians, health advisors, politicians and the media. Research projects on effective interventions are lacking although health care concepts would be urgently needed to reduce future metabolic and cardiovascular risks for women and children as well as to minimize the associated costs for the society. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Adrenocortical carcinoma in pregnancy: A diagnostic dilemma; Adrenocortical carcinoma is a rare disease. Additionally, in the case of coexisting pregnancy, there are diagnostic difficulties due to associated physiological hormonal changes as well as imaging limitations. Cushing′s syndrome and virilization during pregnancy is a rare entity with few cases reported in the literature. Misdiagnosis is common as the syndrome may be easily confused with preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. We present the case of a 31-year-old pregnant woman with rapidly developing symptoms related to hormonally active adrenocortical cancer.
The optimal control of blood glucose is associated with normal blood pressure 24 hours profile and prevention of the left ventricular remodeling in the patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of the optimal diabetes control on the left ventricular parameters and ambulatory blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: The patients with GDM were followed up according to predetermined protocol in order to optimize blood glucose and optimal weight gain. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring (ABPM) and transthoracal and tissue echocardiography were examined in 36th week of pregnancy. RESULTS: The age of 35 women with GDM was 33.1±3 and 30.5±4.4 years in 31 healthy control subjects (p=0.2). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) in the patients with GDM was 5.0±0.5 mmol/L compared to 4.6±0.3 mmol/L in control subjects (p=0.002). Average weight gain during pregnancy was significantly lower in women with GDM; 10±7.6 kg vs. 13.1±3.7 kg in healthy pregnant women (p=0.05). No significant differences were recorded in 24 hours mean heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure and number of nondippers between both groups. The significant correlation was detected between FPG and blood pressure dipping in subjects with GDM. Interventricular septal, posterior wall and relative wall thickness of the left ventricle were significantly higher in patients with GDM comparing to healthy pregnant women but no significant differences of the left ventricular functions were recorded. CONCLUSION: The optimal control of diabetes in GDM is associated with normal 24 hours blood pressure profile and prevention of the left ventricular function changes in GDM patients. The differences in the left ventricular walls thicknesses may be explained by metabolic changes in GDM. ©2014 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Back to the future: Examining type 2 diabetic vasculature using the gestational diabetic placenta; Understanding the association between the intrauterine hyperglycemic milieu and the development of adult diabetic vasculopathy is of particular relevance in India, where diabetes and vascular disease are prevalent. The gestational diabetes mellitus placenta is a valuable tool to examine blood vessels that have been exposed to hyperglycemic cues.We report an interesting observation in a cohort of gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental vasculature from South India. Transmission electron microscopy demonstrated pericyte detachment and pericyte ghost cells reminiscent of adult type 2 diabetic retinopathy, in gestational diabetes mellitus foetal placental blood vessels that were not observed in non-gestational diabetes mellitus placentas (p â‰0.001) . Endothelial cell irregularity was observed in 76% gestational diabetes mellitus foetal blood vessels as compared with 10.4% non-gestational diabetes mellitus placental vasculature (p â‰0.001). Other abnormalities noted in gestational diabetes mellitus placenta included mitochondrial abnormalities, increased micro vessel density and thickening of basement membranes. These results suggest that adult type 2 diabetic vasculopathy has developmental origins in utero. © 2014 The Author(s).
Osteoporosis: A lifecourse approach; It is becoming increasingly apparent that the risk of developing osteoporosis is accrued throughout the entire lifecourse, even from as early as conception. Thus early growth is associated with bone mass at peak and in older age, and risk of hip fracture. Novel findings from mother-offspring cohorts have yielded greater understanding of relationships between patterns of intrauterine and postnatal growth in the context of later bone development. Study of biological samples from these populations has helped characterize potential mechanistic underpinnings, such as epigenetic processes. Global policy has recognized the importance of early growth and nutrition to the risk of developing adult chronic noncommunicable diseases such as osteoporosis; testing of pregnancy interventions aimed at optimizing offspring bone health is now underway. It is hoped that through such programs, novel public health strategies may be established with the ultimate goal of reducing the burden of osteoporotic fracture in older age. © 2014 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research © 2014 American Society for Bone and Mineral Research.
Connatal cyst in a preterm twin infant with maternal comorbidities; Background Connatal cysts are rare but recognized periventricular cysts that represent anatomic variants and are associated with good neurological outcomes. These cysts can be differentiated from cysts that portend graver prognoses by their location in relation to the ventricles, size, laterality, and temporal resolution. Patient presentation We describe a preterm twin infant born to a mother with diabetes and cardiovascular disease who was found to have connatal cysts on head ultrasound at 3 days of age. These cysts were present again on head ultrasound at 12 days of age and on brain magnetic resonance imaging at 27 days of age. The infant had a normal neurological examination in the neonatal period and on follow-up at 3 and 6 months of age. Repeated head ultrasound at 3 months of age demonstrated near resolution of the cysts. Conclusion Connatal cysts are normal anatomic variants which clinicians should be able to distinguish from similar appearing cysts with less favorable outcomes. Although the etiology of connatal cysts remains unknown, this case raises the possibility of maternal comorbidities or perinatal hypoperfusion playing a role in their formation. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparing carotid intima-media thickness in women with and without gestational diabetes mellitus; Background & Aims: Women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at risk for developing cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is noninvasive marker of sub clinical atherosclerosis assessment. The aim of the present study was to assess relationship between GDM and increased CIMT. Methods: Twenty women with previous history of GDM and twenty women without it (as a control group) were included in the study. Two groups were matched based on their age, body mass index (BMI) and parity. CIMT was measured one year after delivery in two groups by B-mode sonography and compared with ultrasonic results of CIMT in mid- and late-gestational periods. Results: CIMT in both groups increased in gestational period and decreased after delivery and this diminution was significant at late-gestational period in both groups and also significant at mid-gestational period in women with history of GDM. Conclusion: CIMT was significantly decreased one year after delivery in women with GDM.
Relation between abdominal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers during pregnancy; Introduction: Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal SCFT and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. Material and methods: A total of 92 pregnant women between 24-28 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. The SCFT was measured by ultrasonography and patients were divided into 2 groups according to thickness of maternal SCFT and body mass index (BMI). Groups were compared with each other for oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, and for haematological, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. Results: After analysis of frequency for SCFT, the most appropriate cut-off value for grouping patients was found to be 15 mm for SCFT. In 48 cases SCFT was over 15 mm. High C reactive protein (CRP) was found in 47.9% (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mm. Serum haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) level was significantly correlated with SCFT thickness. The most important factors for determination of OGL level were found to be serum HbA1c level, BMI and SCFT. In obese subjects (BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were higher. The CRP and γ-glutamyltransferase (GGT) levels were significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. Conclusions: High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA 1c. Pregnant women with thicker SCFT may be susceptible to the development of metabolic complications of pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertension, as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2014 Termedia & Banach.
Hematopoietic stem cells in neonates: Any differences between very preterm and term neonates?; Background: In the last decades, human full-term cord blood was extensively investigated as a potential source of hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells (HSPCs). Despite the growing interest of regenerative therapies in preterm neonates, only little is known about the biological function of HSPCs from early preterm neonates under different perinatal conditions. Therefore, we investigated the concentration, the clonogenic capacity and the influence of obstetric/perinatal complications and maternal history on HSPC subsets in preterm and term cord blood. Methods: CD34+ HSPC subsets in UCB of 30 preterm and 30 term infants were evaluated by flow cytometry. Clonogenic assays suitable for detection of the proliferative potential of HSPCs were conducted. Furthermore, we analyzed the clonogenic potential of isolated HSPCs according to the stem cell marker CD133 and aldehyde dehydrogenase (ALDH) activity. Results: Preterm cord blood contained a significantly higher concentration of circulating CD34+ HSPCs, especially primitive progenitors, than term cord blood. The clonogenic capacity of HSPCs was enhanced in preterm cord blood. Using univariate analysis, the number and clonogenic potential of circulating UCB HSPCs was influenced by gestational age, birth weight and maternal age. Multivariate analysis showed that main factors that significantly influenced the HSPC count were maternal age, gestational age and white blood cell count. Further, only gestational age significantly influenced the clonogenic potential of UCB HSPCs. Finally, isolated CD34+/CD133+, CD34+/CD133- and ALDH high HSPC obtained from preterm cord blood showed a significantly higher clonogenic potential compared to term cord blood. Conclusion: We demonstrate that preterm cord blood exhibits a higher HSPC concentration and increased clonogenic capacity compared to term neonates. These data may imply an emerging use of HSPCs in autologous stem cell therapy in preterm neonates. © 2014 Wisgrill et al.
Steroids and insulin resistance in pregnancy; Metabolism of glucose during pregnancy reflects the equilibrium between lactogenic hormones stimulating insulin production and counterregulatory hormones inducing insulin resistance. In physiological pregnancies, insulin-mediated glucose uptake is substantially decreased and insulin secretion increased to maintain euglycemia. This common state of peripheral insulin resistance arises also due to steroid spectra changes. In this review article, we have focused on the role of steroid hormones (androgens, estrogens, gestagens, mineralocorticoids, glucocorticoids, as well as secosteroid vitamin D) in the impairment of glucose tolerance in pregnancy and in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes mellitus. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled 'Pregnancy and Steroids'. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Assessment of cardiac functions in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers; We investigated cardiac function in 67 fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) and 122 fetuses of healthy mothers between 24 and 36 weeks of gestation. Cardiac functions were evaluated by M-mode, pulsed-wave, and tissue Doppler echocardiography. Fetal echocardiograms were performed at 24, 28, 32, and 36 weeks of gestation. Glycated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels were obtained from all pregnant women at 24 weeks of gestation. The mean age of diabetic pregnant women was significantly greater than that of controls. Serum HbA1c values of both groups were within normal limits, but they were significantly greater in the diabetic group (p = 0.003). The increase in peak aortic and pulmonary artery velocities were greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). No pathological interventricular septal (IVS) hypertrophy was observed. There was a significant increase in IVS thickness in FGDM compared with controls, which was more prominent at the end of the third trimester (p < 0.001). During the course of pregnancy, mitral E-wave (p < 0.001), A-wave (p = 0.007), tricuspid E-wave (p < 0.001) and A-wave (p = 0.002) velocities were greater in FGDM. The increases in mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in FGDM with advancing gestation. The E a-wave (p = 0.02), A a-wave (p = 0.04), and S a-wave (p < 0.001) velocities of the right-ventricular (RV) free wall and the E a (p = 0.02) and A a (p = 0.01) velocities of the left-ventricle (LV) posterior wall were greater in FGDM during the course of pregnancy. The E a/A a ratio of the RV posterior wall was greater in FGDM with advancing gestation (p < 0.03). LV and RV E/E a ratios were similar in both groups. The LV myocardial performance index measured by pulsed-wave Doppler was greater in FGDM (p < 0.001). We detected diastolic dysfunction in FGDM. The data suggest that gestational diabetes mellitus may impair ventricular diastolic functions without causing pathological fetal myocardial hypertrophy. We detected subclinical diastolic dysfunction using both pulsed-wave and tissue Doppler imaging in FGDM. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
The microvasculature: A target for nutritional programming and later risk of cardio-metabolic disease; There is compelling evidence that microvascular deficits affecting multiple tissues and organs play an important role in the aetiopathogenesis of cardio-metabolic disease. Furthermore, both in humans and animal models, deficits in small vessel structure and function can be detected early, often before the onset of macrovascular disease and the development of end-organ damage that is common to hypertension and obesity-associated clinical disorders. This article considers the growing evidence for the negative impact of an adverse maternal diet on the long-term health of her child, and how this can result in a disadvantageous vascular phenotype that extends to the microvascular bed. We describe how structural and functional modifications in the offspring microcirculation during development may represent an important and additional risk determinant to increase susceptibility to the development of cardio-metabolic disease in adult life and consider the cell-signalling pathways associated with endothelial dysfunction that may be 'primed' by the maternal environment. Published studies were identified that reported outcomes related to the microcirculation, endothelium, maternal diet and vascular programming using NCBI PubMed.gov, MEDLINE and ISI Web of Science databases from 1980 until April 2013 using pre-specified search terms. Information extracted from over 230 original reports and review articles was critically evaluated by the authors for inclusion in this review. © 2013 Scandinavian Physiological Society.
Risk factors in the origin of congenital left-ventricular outflow-tract obstruction defects of the heart: A population-based case-control study; The aim of our project was to study possible etiological factors in the origin of congenital heart defects (CHDs) because in the majority of patients the underlying causes are unclear. Cases with different CHD entities as homogeneously as possible were planned for evaluation in the population-based large data set of the Hungarian Case Control Surveillance of Congenital Abnormalities. Dead or surgically corrected 302 live-born cases with different types of left-ventricular outflow tract obstructive defects (LVOT, i.e., valvular aortic stenosis 76, hypoplastic left heart syndrome 76, coarctation of the aorta 113, and other congenital anomalies of aorta 32) were compared with 469 matched controls, 38,151 controls without any defects, and 20,750 malformed controls with other isolated defects. Medically recorded pregnancy complications and chronic diseases were evaluated based on prenatal maternity logbooks, whereas acute diseases, drug treatments, and folic acid/multivitamin supplementation were analyzed both on the basis of retrospective maternal information and medical records. The results of the study showed the role of maternal diabetes in the origin of LVOT in general, while panic disorder was associated with a higher risk of hypoplastic left heart syndrome and ampicillin treatment with a higher risk of coarctation of the aorta (COA). High doses of folic acid had a protective effect regarding the manifestation of LVOT, particularly COA. In conclusion, only a minor portion of causes was shown in our study; thus, further studies are needed to understand better the underlying causal factors in the origin of LVOT. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive gravidae with gestational diabetes; Aim. Carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT), hyperhomocysteinemia, microalbuminuria, and nitric oxide reflect subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate the presence of subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. Patients and methods. We enrolled 41 normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy gravidae in the study. Serum homocysteine and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria), and CIMT were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. Results. Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocysteine, urinary albumin excretion, and increased CIMT (p<0.001, p=0.005, and p<0.001, respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly reduced in the patient group (p<0.001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) but not of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) and triglyceride levels. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocysteine, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocysteine levels (p=0.03) but not with nitric oxide. Conclusion. Independent of elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with a large number of participants are required to clarify these data. © 2013 Urban & Vogel.
The national birth defects prevention study: How to communicate data; The National Birth Defects Prevention Study is a population-based case-control study. The study has actively sought to identify children with any of 34 specified types of malformation. The mothers of affected and unaffected children have been interviewed with regard to demographic information, lifestyle factors, and exposures. A large number of published studies have appeared and continue to appear on diverse exposures and outcomes. An example of such a study identified an increased odds ratio for ondansetron use among the mothers of children with cleft palate. Possible explanations for associations between exposures and outcomes are chance, error, and causation. The ondansetron-cleft palate association may have arisen by chance given the large number of comparisons made in the study. Error appears unlikely as an explanation of the association. The assessment of causation in teratology uses a systematic evaluation based on the Hill criteria or similar criteria of Shepard or Brent. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Dynamic cerebral autoregulation in pregnancy and the risk of preeclampsia; Preeclampsia may affect severely the cerebral circulation leading to impairment of cerebral autoregulation, edema, and ischemia. It is not known whether impaired autoregulation occurs before the clinical onset of preeclampsia, and whether this can predict the occurrence of preeclampsia. Seventy-two women at 25 to 28 weeks of gestation were studied. Control values were derived from 26 nonpregnant women. Dynamic properties of cerebral autoregulation (DCA) were measured in the middle and posterior cerebral artery using transcranial Doppler and transfer function analysis (phase and gain) of respiratory-induced 0.1 Hz hemodynamic oscillations. Uterine artery ultrasound was performed to search for a notch sign as an early marker of general endothelial dysfunction. All women were followed up until 6 weeks after delivery for the occurrence of preeclampsia. The autoregulation parameter gain did not differ between pregnant and nonpregnant women. Phase was slightly but significantly higher in pregnant women, indicating better DCA. Women with a notch sign did not show altered DCA. A history of preeclampsia during a previous pregnancy was associated with lower phase in middle cerebral artery and posterior cerebral artery (P<0.05 each). During follow-up, 9 women developed preeclampsia. None of the DCA parameters were associated with the occurrence of preeclampsia. In conclusion, DCA is well preserved during late midterm pregnancy, even in women with disturbed uterine blood flow. Yet, pregnant women with preeclampsia in a previous pregnancy seem to have poorer DCA. Although limited in statistical power, this study does not support DCA as a strong early risk marker of preeclampsia. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc.
Pregnancy complications and metabolic disease in women with clomiphene citrate-resistant anovulation randomized to receive laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries or ovulation induction with gonadotropins: A 10-year follow-up; Objective To assess long-term effects of laparoscopic electrocautery of the ovaries compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins in women with clomiphene citrate (CC)-resistant polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) on the incidence of pregnancy complications like gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, and metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Design Long-term follow-up study. Setting Twenty-eight hospitals within the Netherlands. Patient(s) One hundred sixty-eight CC-resistant women who had participated in a randomized controlled trial between 1998 and 2001 comparing electrocautery and gonadotropins. Intervention(s) Postal questionnaire, search in medical files. Main Outcome Measure(s) Pregnancy complications, metabolic or cardiovascular disease. Result(s) Eighty-two percent of follow-up data were obtained. Thirteen of 68 women (19%) allocated to electrocautery, and 14 of 63 women (22%) allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for pregnancy complications (relative risk 0.86; 95% confidence interval 0.43-1.7). At follow-up, 12 of 69 (17%) women allocated to electrocautery, and 13 of 69 (19%) women allocated to gonadotropins had evidence for metabolic or cardiovascular disease (relative risk 0.90; 95% confidence interval 0.39-2.1). The risk of these was modified by body mass index (BMI), but not by female age or treatment allocation. This study is based on questionnaires and data from medical files. In the absence of routine screening, under-reporting in our follow-up study is likely. Conclusion(s) Electrocautery in women with CC-resistant PCOS does not affect pregnancy complications or metabolic or cardiovascular disease later in life compared with ovulation induction with gonadotropins. © 2014 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Plasma cystatin-C and risk of developing gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims: Cystatin-C, a low molecular weight protein, is effectively applied to evaluate the risk of developing renal insufficiency, cardiovascular disorders, neural defects, and inflammatory states. However, the role of this biomarker to monitor different pregnancy-related complications remains controversial. Materials and methods: In the present study, we compared serum cystatin-C concentration between pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and healthy pregnant women to assess value of this biomarker to predict presence of GDM in these women. The study consisted of 60 consecutive pregnant women (30 women suffered GDM and 30 healthy pregnant women) enrolled in Afzalipour hospital in Kerman, Iran in 2012. Fasting blood sample was collected to perform measurements on plasma glucose, lipids, serum creatinine, and C-cystatin. Serum cystatin-C level was quantified using ELISA techniques. Results: Unadjusted comparison of cystatin-C level between the two study group showed no significant discrepancy between them so that the level of this biomarker in GDM group was 593.00 ± 204.81 mg/L and in healthy group was 531.67 ± 87.52 mg/L (P = 0.137); while in multivariable linear model with the presence of associated variables, GDM was a main determinant for increased level of cystatin-C (standardized beta of 0.355, P-value of 0.014). Conclusion: Gestational age was also identified to be another indicator of elevated cystatin-C. In final, our study showed that cystatin-C can be a reliable, useful and promising marker of GDM appearance in pregnant women. © 2013 Diabetes. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Functional echocardiography in the fetus with non-cardiac disease; We describe the hemodynamic changes observed in fetuses with extra cardiac conditions such as intrauterine growth restriction, tumors, twin-twin transfusion syndrome, congenital infections, and in fetuses of mothers with diabetes. In most fetuses with mild extra cardiac disease, the alterations in fetal cardiac function remain subclinical. Cardiac function assessment has however helped us to achieve a better understanding of the pathophysiology of these diseases. In fetuses at the more severe end of the disease spectrum, functional echocardiography may help in guiding clinical decision-making regarding the need for either delivery or fetal therapy. The growth-restricted fetus represents a special indication for routine cardiac function assessment, as in utero hemodynamic changes may help optimize the timing of delivery. Moreover, in intrauterine growth restriction, the altered hemodynamics causes cardiovascular remodeling, which can result in an increased risk of postnatal cardiovascular disease. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Cardiac events in Costello syndrome: One case and a review of the literature; Costello syndrome is a rare syndrome associated with de novo mutations in the HRAS gene. It is mostly revealed during in the first months of life by growth retardation, facial dysmorphic features, skin and cardiac abnormalities and subsequent cognitive deficit of varying severity. We report a case of Costello syndrome in a 3-month-old infant. The initial cardiac investigations were normal except frequent premature atrial complexes. After few months, worsening arrhythmia with bursts of ventricular tachycardia were noted as well as the secondary progressive obstructive left ventricular hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM).Cardiac involvement is determinant for the prognosis of Costello syndrome. It frequently consists of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (one third of patients), with involvement of the left ventricle in half of the cases. It is often asymmetrical and associated with obstruction of the outflow recalling family hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The natural history of HCM in Costello syndrome and its management remains poorly known because of paucity of reported cases. Progression of the HCM can be very rapid like the reported case. On the other hand, the spontaneous regression of the HCM in some patients has been reported. In addition, cardiac threatening arrhythmias may be noted. So that, cardiac assessment and monitoring with regular echocardiography and electrocardiogram follow up is mandatory. © 2013 King Saud University.
Evaluating the side effects of treatment for preterm labor in a center that uses high-dose magnesium sulfate; Objective To evaluate the tolerability and safety of intravenous magnesium sulfate use for tocolysis in a center that uses a high-dose regimen. Study Design We conducted a retrospective cohort study of patients treated with magnesium sulfate for preterm labor from December 2006 to June 2010. Data were abstracted from review of individual patient electronic medical records. Results The cohort consisted of 456 women. Of these, 417 (91.4%) experienced side effects. Severe side effects (pulmonary edema, respiratory arrest, intensive care unit transfer, cardiac arrest, or death) occurred in 24 (5.3%) cases, all but one due to pulmonary edema. No cases of respiratory arrest, cardiac arrest, or death occurred. Those with severe side effects were less likely to have a singleton and more likely to have a higher order multifetal gestation (p < 0.001), received more magnesium, and more often were given multiple concurrent tocolytics (p = 0.04). Conclusion High-dose magnesium tocolysis results in side effects for 9 of every 10 patients treated, and severe side effects occur in 1 of every 20 patients. When used for tocolysis, magnesium should be used as a single agent, for less than 48 hours, and with great caution in multifetal gestations. © 2014 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Renal aquaporins and water balance disorders; Background Aquaporins (AQPs) are a family of proteins that can act as water channels. Regulation of AQPs is critical to osmoregulation and the maintenance of body water homeostasis. Eight AQPs are expressed in the kidney of which five have been shown to play a role in body water balance; AQP1, AQP2, AQP3, AQP4 and AQP7. AQP2 in particular is regulated by vasopressin. Scope of review This review summarizes our current knowledge of the underlying mechanisms of various water balance disorders and their treatment strategies. Major conclusions Dysfunctions of AQPs are involved in disorders associated with disturbed water homeostasis. Hyponatremia with increased AQP levels can be caused by diseases with low effective circulating blood volume, such as congestive heart failure, or osmoregulation disorders such as the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone. Treatment consists of fluid restriction, demeclocycline and vasopressin type-2 receptor antagonists. Decreased AQP levels can lead to diabetes insipidus (DI), characterized by polyuria and polydipsia. In central DI, vasopressin production is impaired, while in gestational DI, levels of the vasopressin-degrading enzyme vasopressinase are abnormally increased. Treatment consists of the vasopressin analogue dDAVP. Nephrogenic DI is caused by the inability of the kidney to respond to vasopressin and can be congenital, but is most commonly acquired, usually due to lithium therapy. Treatment consists of sufficient fluid supply, low-solute diet and diuretics. General significance In recent years, our understanding of the underlying mechanisms of water balance disorders has increased enormously, which has opened up several possible new treatment strategies. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Aquaporins. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
The relationship and potential mechanistic pathways between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia topical collection on diabetes and pregnancy; This paper reviews recent work investigating the influence of sleep disturbances on maternal hyperglycemia, particularly gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The incidence and prevalence of hyperglycemia are increasing worldwide, which is cause for concern because GDM and even mild hyperglycemia are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. A better understanding of sleep-related risk factors for maternal hyperglycemia is an important health matter. Evidence demonstrates associations between sleep disturbances, especially sleep-disordered breathing, and hyperglycemia, but causal effects and the underlying mechanisms linking these conditions have not been fully elucidated. Subjective sleep assessments show associations between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia. There are, however, few studies using objective measures to support these findings. Large prospective studies are required to examine causal relationships between sleep disturbances and maternal hyperglycemia. There is also a need for smaller mechanistic studies to understand the pathophysiology. Furthermore, interventional studies are required to address whether improvement of sleep parameters can prevent/decrease the risk of developing maternal hyperglycemia. Taken together, the data suggests that sleep disturbances during pregnancy are important to identify and manage in order to minimize maternal hyperglycemia and GDM, and improve maternal and fetal well-being. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Treatment with oral beta-blockers during pregnancy complicated by maternal heart disease increases the risk of fetal growth restriction; Objective To investigate the effect on fetal growth of treatment with oral beta-blockers during pregnancy in women with congenital or acquired heart disease. Design Historical matched cohort study. Setting Centre for Pregnant Women with Heart Disease, Copenhagen University Hospital, Denmark. Population A cohort of 175 women with heart disease, grouped according to beta-blocker treatment, and a cohort of 627 women from the overall population matched on seven birthweight-determining factors. Methods Differences between groups were tested by simple descriptive statistics and assessed using standard hypothesis tests. Associations were estimated by correlational analysis and multivariable regression. Main outcome measure Proportion of infants born small for gestational age (SGA). Results More of the infants exposed to beta-blockers were SGA compared with non-exposed infants (29.4 versus 15.3%; P < 0.05). After adjustment for birthweight-determining factors, beta-blocker treatment and maternal body mass index (BMI) were the only factors independently associated with SGA (the relative difference in expected birthweight was -8.6%; 95% CI -13.3 to -3.9%; P = 0.0004). After adjustment for BMI, beta-blocker treatment was associated with an increased risk of SGA (OR 2.65; 95% CI 1.15-6.10; P = 0.02). In a subgroup with isolated tachyarrhythmias, SGA infants were more frequent in the beta-blocker exposed group compared with the non-exposed group (31 versus 10%; P < 0.005). Beta-blocker treatment was the only independent predictor of SGA, adjusting for several factors influencing fetal growth (the relative difference in expected birthweight was -12.2%; 95% CI -19.9 to -3.9%; P = 0.001). Conclusions In a historical cohort of pregnancies complicated by maternal heart disease, treatment with beta-blockers was found to be independently associated with an increased risk of delivering an SGA infant. © 2014 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Maternal and newborn outcomes among women with schizophrenia: A retrospective population-based cohort study; Objective More women with schizophrenia are becoming pregnant, such that contemporary data are needed about maternal and newborn outcomes in this potentially vulnerable group. We aimed to quantify maternal and newborn health outcomes among women with schizophrenia. Design Retrospective cohort study. Setting Population based in Ontario, Canada, from 2002 to 2011. Population Ontario women aged 15-49 years who gave birth to a liveborn or stillborn singleton infant. Methods Women with schizophrenia (n = 1391) were identified based on either an inpatient diagnosis or two or more outpatient physician service claims for schizophrenia within 5 years prior to conception. The reference group comprised 432 358 women without diagnosed mental illness within the 5 years preceding conception in the index pregnancy. Main outcome measures The primary maternal outcomes were gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia/eclampsia, and venous thromboembolism. The primary neonatal outcomes were preterm birth, and small and large birthweight for gestational age (SGA and LGA). Secondary outcomes included additional key perinatal health indicators. Results Schizophrenia was associated with a higher risk of pre-eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio, aOR 1.84; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI 1.28-2.66), venous thromboembolism (aOR 1.72, 95% CI 1.04-2.85), preterm birth (aOR 1.75, 95% CI 1.46-2.08), SGA (aOR 1.49, 95% CI 1.19-1.86), and LGA (aOR 1.53, 95% CI 1.17-1.99). Women with schizophrenia also required more intensive hospital resources, including operative delivery and admission to a maternal intensive care unit, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Conclusions Women with schizophrenia are at higher risk of multiple adverse pregnancy outcomes, paralleled by higher neonatal morbidity. Attention should focus on interventions to reduce the identified health disparities. © 2014 Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Utilization of primary and obstetric care after medically complicated pregnancies: An analysis of medical claims data; BACKGROUND: Because pregnancy complications, including gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, are risk factors for diabetes and cardiovascular disease, post-delivery follow-up is recommended. OBJECTIVE: To determine predictors of post-delivery primary and obstetric care utilization in women with and without medical complications. RESEARCH DESIGN: Five-year retrospective cohort study using commercial and Medicaid insurance claims in Maryland. SUBJECTS: 7,741 women with a complicated pregnancy (GDM, hypertensive disorders and pregestational diabetes mellitus [DM]) and 23,599 women with a comparison pregnancy. MEASURES: We compared primary and postpartum obstetric care utilization rates in the 12 months after delivery between the complicated and comparison pregnancy groups. We conducted multivariate logistic regression to assess the association between pregnancy complications, sociodemographic predictor variables and utilization of care, stratified by insurance type. RESULTS: Women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (p<0.001), with higher rates of cesarean delivery (p<0.0001) and preterm labor or delivery (p<0.0001). Among women with Medicaid, 56.6 % in the complicated group and 51.7 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or DM, and depression. Among women with commercial health insurance, 60.0 % in the complicated group and 49.5 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit. Pregnancy complication did not predict a primary care visit among women with commercial insurance. CONCLUSIONS: Women with pregnancy complications were more likely to attend primary care visits post-delivery compared to the comparison group, but overall visit rates were low. Although Medicaid expansion has potential to increase coverage, innovative models for preventive health services after delivery are needed to target women at higher risk for chronic disease development. © Society of General Internal Medicine 2013.
BRCA1/2 mutation carriers are potentially at higher cardiovascular risk; BRCA1/2 mutation carriers have an elevated risk of developing breast and ovarian cancer at a relatively young age. Risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy is an established strategy to tremendously reduce the risk of ovarian cancer. It is recommended to perform this surgery at age 35-40 years (BRCA1) and at age 40-45 years (BRCA2) resulting in an early and abrupt menopause. BRCA1/2 mutation carriers are potentially at higher risk of cardiovascular diseases due to early surgical menopause, and cardiotoxic effects of adjuvant treatment for breast cancer. Furthermore, preliminary results of experimental studies suggest a possible causative function of the BRCA genes in cardiovascular risk. More research on cardiovascular health risks in BRCA1/2 mutation carriers is needed, especially in the field of cardio-oncology, requiring additional attention to potentially cumulative effects on cardiovascular risks in this specific group of women. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Who should be referred? An evaluation of referral indications for fetal echocardiography in the detection of structural congenital heart disease; Although fetal echocardiography is a useful tool for earlier detection of congenital heart disease (CHD), no clear, evidence-based appropriate use criteria exist. This study aimed to determine those referral indications most predictive of CHD. A retrospective cohort study of fetal echocardiograms was conducted at a single tertiary care center. Binomial proportion tests were used to compare likelihoods of structural CHD detection based on primary indication with the general population prevalence of 0.8 %. Fetal echocardiograms of 2,380 pregnancies were performed, with CHD detected in 29.3 % of these pregnancies. Patients referred for suspected CHD on screening ultrasound had the highest prevalence of CHD. Of the women without a history of cardiac anomalies shown on screening ultrasound, those with extracardiac anomalies or known chromosomal abnormalities had the highest prevalence of CHD. Screening ultrasound currently is the most useful method for determining who should be referred for fetal echocardiography, with a high prevalence of CHD found. For women with normal cardiac screening ultrasound results, fetal factors such as extracardiac anomalies and chromosomal abnormalities are more predictive of CHD than maternal or familial factors. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media.
A comparative study of obstetric outcomes in electively or spontaneously reduced triplet pregnancies; Purpose: This study aimed at evaluating the pregnancy outcomes of IVF triplets which are spontaneously or electively reduced to twins and to compare them with non-reduced triplets and twins. Methods: Retrospective analysis of trichorionic triplets and dichorionic twins of IVF pregnancies. Results: Preeclampsia rate was significantly higher in triplet group (p = 0.014). Premature contractions requiring tocolysis were seen more often in spontaneous reduction and triplet groups compared to elective reduction and twin groups (p < 0.001). Elective reduction and twin groups had significantly lower rate of infants weighing less than 1,500 g than those of triplets (p < 0.001). Highest rate for infants weighing over 2,500 g was found in primary twin group. Preterm delivery rates were significantly lower in both twin and elective reduction groups compared to triplet and spontaneous reduction groups (p < 0.001). Proportion of women giving birth at term was not different in elective reduction and twin groups, and they were significantly higher compared to spontaneous reduction group (p = 0.024). Perinatal mortality rates of both elective reduction and twin groups were significantly less than those in the triplet group (p = 0.045 and p < 0.001, respectively). Conclusions: Obstetric outcomes of triplets from IVF or ovulation induction cycles undergoing elective reduction are better than ongoing triplet and spontaneous reduction groups and are similar to that of dichorionic twins. © 2014 Springer-Verlag.
The maternal health clinic: An initiative for cardiovascular risk identification in women with pregnancy-related complications; Objective Women who develop certain common pregnancy complications have a greater chance of developing cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. However, most health care providers do not provide postpartum cardiovascular risk counselling or follow-up. The Maternal Health Clinic was established to address this gap in care. It targets women at increased risk of CVD to inspire lifestyle changes, encourage long-term follow-up, and initiate primary prevention. Here, we summarize results from the first 17 months of completed clinic visits. Study Design Patients experiencing at least one relevant complication in their index pregnancy were referred to the Maternal Health Clinic through standard postpartum order sheets. Patients underwent a complete assessment including screening history, physical examination, fasting bloodwork, and urinalysis. Lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates, along with a metabolic syndrome calculation, were determined for each patient. Results Complications most commonly leading to referral were gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance (32.7%), preeclampsia (29.3%), preterm birth (29.3%), and gestational hypertension (19.6%). The clinic analysis group (n = 92) was compared with a healthy control group from the PreEclampsia New Emerging Team study (n = 118). Patients in the clinic analysis group had significantly increased lifetime and 30-year CVD risk estimates compared with healthy controls (P <.0001). Furthermore, 17.4% of the clinic analysis group had metabolic syndrome, compared with 6.78% of healthy controls (P <.05). Conclusion This study demonstrates that the Maternal Health Clinic accurately identifies postpartum patients that have underlying cardiovascular risks which make them susceptible to CVD. The clinic may serve as an effective primary prevention strategy. © 2014 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Modelling the economics of type 2 diabetes mellitus prevention: A literature review of methods; Our objective was to review modelling methods for type 2 diabetes mellitus prevention cost-effectiveness studies. The review was conducted to inform the design of a policy analysis model capable of assisting resource allocation decisions across a spectrum of prevention strategies. We identified recent systematic reviews of economic evaluations in diabetes prevention and management of obesity. We extracted studies from two existing systematic reviews of economic evaluations for the prevention of diabetes. We extracted studies evaluating interventions in a non-diabetic population with type 2 diabetes as a modelled outcome, from two systematic reviews of obesity intervention economic evaluations. Databases were searched for studies published between 2008 and 2013. For each study, we reviewed details of the model type, structure, and methods for predicting diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Our review identified 46 articles and found variation in modelling approaches for cost-effectiveness evaluations for the prevention of type 2 diabetes. Investigation of the variables used to estimate the risk of type 2 diabetes suggested that impaired glucose regulation, and body mass index were used as the primary risk factors for type 2 diabetes. A minority of cost-effectiveness models for diabetes prevention accounted for the multivariate impacts of interventions on risk factors for type 2 diabetes. Twenty-eight cost-effectiveness models included cardiovascular events in addition to type 2 diabetes. Few cost-effectiveness models have flexibility to evaluate different intervention types. We conclude that to compare a range of prevention interventions it is necessary to incorporate multiple risk factors for diabetes, diabetes-related complications and obesity-related co-morbidity outcomes. © 2014 Springer International Publishing.
Factors associated with the change in prevalence of cardiomyopathy at delivery in the period 2000-2009: A population-based prevalence study; Objective Cardiomyopathy (CM) at delivery is increasing in prevalance. The objective of this study was to determine which medical conditions are attributable to this increasing prevalance. Design Population prevalence study from 2000 to 2009. Setting The Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS). Sample Pregnant women admitted for delivery were identified in the NIS for the years 2000-2009. Methods Temporal trends in pre-existing medical conditions and in medical and obstetric complications at delivery admissions were determined by linear regression. The change in the prevalence of CM among all pregnant women was compared with the change in the prevalance of CM among pregnant women without pre-existing conditions or complications. Main outcome measure Prevalence of CM. Results The prevalence of CM increased from 0.25 per 1000 deliveries in 2000 to 0.43 per 1000 deliveries in 2009 (P < 0.0001). Women with chronic hypertension had increased odds of developing CM compared with women without chronic hypertension (odds ratio, OR, 13.2; 95% confidence interval, 95% CI, 12.5-13.7). The linear increase in chronic hypertension over the 10-year period was the single identified pre-existing medical condition that explained the increasing prevalence of CM at delivery (P = 0.005 for the differences in slopes for linear trends). Conclusions Pregnant women with chronic hypertenion are at an increased risk for CM at delivery, and the increasing prevalence of chronic hypertension is an important factor associated with the increasing prevalence of CM at the time of delivery. Among women without chronic hypertension, the prevalence of CM at delivery did not change during the time period.
Fetal brain magnetic resonance imaging and long-term neurodevelopmental impairment; Objective To determine the incidence of fetal brain injury by fetal brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in pregnancies complicated with preterm labor (PL), preterm premature rupture of the membranes (PPROM), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), and to compare fetal brain MRI with prenatal surveillance methods, and with immediate and long-term neurodevelopmental outcome. Methods Between February 2007 and January 2009, high-risk pregnancies were analyzed by MRI at 1.5 Tesla after 24 weeks of gestation at the Clinical Hospital Center Zagreb, Croatia. Long-term outcome was defined as neurodevelopmental outcome at 24 months. Results Among 70 pregnancies analyzed, 40.0% had abnormal fetal brain MRI. The highest incidence occurred in the PL group. There was no correlation between abnormal MRI and fetal surveillance methods (ultrasound, Doppler blood flow analysis, cardiotocography, biophysical profile) or immediate neonatal outcome (1-minute Apgar score, umbilical cord pH). Via MRI, fetal brain injury would have been diagnosed for 45.7% of fetuses with a long-term neurodevelopmental handicap. Binary logistic regression showed that, as compared with other surveillance methods, fetal brain MRI was the best predictor of long-term neurodevelopmental disability. Conclusion PL, IUGR, and PPROM were associated with an early intrauterine CNS insult that was not accurately detected by existing prenatal testing options. © 2014 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Does gestational diabetes history increase epicardial fat and carotid intima media thickness?; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance that has begun during pregnancy. Recent studies have proven that development of atherosclerosis may be established in this population even without presence of type 2 diabetes. For assessment of atherosclerosis, epicardial fat thickness (EFT) is recently being used as a surrogate marker. In this study, we aimed to prove that women with GDM history are more inclined to have higher EFT levels than women without GDM history. Methods: Sixty-two patients with previous GDM and 33 age- and sex-matched controls were allocated. Epicardial fat thicknesses of the subjects were measured with transthorasic echocardiography and carotid intima media thickness (c-IMT) was measured with ultrasound. Insulin resistance (IR) of each subject was assessed with Homeostasis model of assessment- insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Results: Carotid IMT and EFT were significantly higher in previous GDM group than controls. Serum gamma-glutamyl transferase (GGT), uric acid, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) levels were also found significantly higher in the patients with previous GDM as compared to the controls. We observed that carotid IMT (β = 310, P = 0.003), total cholesterol (β = 315, P = 0.002), BMI (β = 308, P = 0.002), HbA1c (β = 227, P = 0.018), and HOMA-IR (β = 184, P = 0.049) were independently correlated with EFT. Conclusions: Although the number of patients included in this study is limited, high EFT results may indicate presence of atherosclerosis in women with previous GDM.
Multiple pregnancies following assisted reproductive technologies - A happy consequence or double trouble?; The association between assisted reproduction technologies (ART) and multiple pregnancy is well-established, with a multiple birth rate of 24% in ART pregnancies. Multiple pregnancy is associated with significantly increased maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality, as well as increased costs to the National Health Service. Evidence relating to the obstetric outcomes of ART twins versus naturally conceived twins is discussed in this review. Methods to reduce the risk of multiple births including elective single embryo transfer and multifetal pregnancy reduction are also discussed. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Differential placental gene expression in term pregnancies affected by fetal growth restriction and macrosomia; Introduction: Extremes of fetal growth are associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes in later life. We aimed to identify changes in placental gene expression in pregnancies with evidence of growth dysfunction and candidate genes that may be used to identify abnormal patterns of growth prior to delivery. Methods: Growth-restricted (n = 4), macrosomic (n = 6) and normal term (n = 5) placentas were selected from a banked series (n = 200) collected immediately after caesarean section. RNA was extracted prior to microarray analysis using Affymetrix HG-U219 arrays to determine variation in gene expression. Genes of interest were confirmed using qRT-PCR. Results: 338 genes in the growth-restricted and 41 genes in the macrosomic group were identified to be significantly dysregulated (>2-fold change; p < 0.05). CPXM2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and TXNDC5 and LRP2 downregulated in fetal growth restriction. In macrosomia, PHLDB2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and LEP and GCH1 were downregulated. Discussion: Dysfunctional growth is associated with differential placental gene expression and affects genes with a whole spectrum of developmental and cellular functions. Better elucidation of these pathways may allow the development of biomarkers to identify growth abnormalities and effective prenatal intervention. © 2014 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Dyslipidemia in schoolchildren with a history of a high birth weight; The process of atherosclerosis begins at early ages and is closely related to plasma lipid levels, specifically, an increase in low density lipoprotein (LDL), very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), and a decrease in high density lipoprotein (HDL). Objective: To determine if high birth weight, or macrosomia, is of predictive value for dyslipidemia in school children. Methods: A descriptive study with a case control design was conducted on two groups of children; one group of 140 children with a history of macrosomia, and another group of 100 children with normal weight at birth, born between January 1992 and December 1995. The aim was the early identification of atherosclerotic risk factors in school children with high weight at birth. Anthropometric variables and lipid profile were studied (cholesterol, HDL-cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, VLDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides). Results: There were significant differences between the mean weights of the two groups. There were no significant statistical differences between the two groups in the cholesterol levels (93.57% normal and 6.43% abnormal in the study group, and 90.00% normal and 10.00% abnormal in the control group), or in the values of HDL cholesterol. LDL cholesterol was abnormal in more children in the control group, and abnormal values of triglycerides were observed in 14.00% of cases in the study group 0.00% in the control group. Conclusion: High birth weight is not a predictive factor for hypercholesterolemia or HDL and LDL-cholesterol esters, but is positive for triglycerides in our study.
Postmenopausal pregnancy after egg donation; Egg donation (ED) offers new opportunities within reproductive medicine and yields high pregnancy rates per cycle. However, the resulting pregnancies are subject to a high rate of complications, the most frequent among them being preeclampsia, pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Patients at risk for these conditions are women aged over 50 years, relevant concomitant diseases and multiple pregnancies. Women with 45X0 Turner syndrome or those with occult cardiac diseases bear an extremely-high risk, including pregnancy associated mortality. Perinatal results comprise elevated frequency of premature births and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). Possible consequences of these results include a limitation of recipients to patients under the age of 50 years, to promote single embryo transfer and to proceed with extreme caution and restraint in women with monosomy X. © Springer-Verlag 2014.
Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy as vascular risk signals: An overview and grading of the evidence; The occurrence of common pregnancy-related medical disorders identifies women at high risk of developing future vascular disease. Systematic reviews of cohort studies demonstrate that gestational diabetes confers a 7-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes, and preeclampsia confers a 1.8-fold risk increase for type 2 diabetes and 3.4-fold risk increase for hypertension. Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) increase the risk of premature vascular disease, but the 2-fold risk increase associated with preeclampsia is only partially explained by the development of traditional vascular risk factors. Despite the compelling evidence for gestational diabetes and HDP as vascular risk indicators, there are no published Canadian vascular prevention guidelines that recognize these postpartum women. In contrast, the 2011 American Heart Association guidelines on cardiovascular disease in women include gestational diabetes and HDP in their vascular risk assessment. Studies indicate that the importance surveillance of vascular risk factors in these women after pregnancy is underappreciated by the women themselves and their physicians. Although a prudent diet and physically active lifestyle were demonstrated to reduce diabetes risk in women with a gestational diabetes history in the American Diabetes Prevention Program trial, adoption of these health behaviours is low; qualitative studies confirm a need for tailored strategies that address barriers and provide social support. Further research is also needed on approaches to reduce vascular risk in women with a history of gestational diabetes and HDP. Otherwise, an early window of opportunity for chronic disease prevention in young, high-risk women will be missed. © 2014 Canadian Cardiovascular Society.
Early hyperglycemia is associated with poor gross motor outcome in asphyxiated term newborns; Background Hyperglycemia after ischemic stroke in adults and after near-drowning in children is associated with a poor neurological outcome. Anaerobic metabolism of glucose leads to buildup of lactic acid, free radical production, mitochondrial failure, and ultimately an increase in neurological injury. In asphyxiated infants, high lactate peaks are seen in the basal ganglia with magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Because motor disability in asphyxiated full-term newborns often relates to injury in the basal ganglia, we hypothesized that hyperglycemia and associated buildup of lactic acid may lead to worse gross motor outcome. Methods Glucose, blood gas values, and demographic data were abstracted from the medical records of 41 term infants with asphyxia and without confounding diagnoses. Their Gross Motor Function Classification System scores were determined from the medical record or by structured telephone interviews. Results The outcomes of 14 infants were considered poor on the basis of death within the first 6 months or moderate-to-severe cerebral palsy (Gross Motor Function Classification System score 1-5). The other 27 infants had no gross motor disability (Gross Motor Function Classification System score 0). The highest recorded blood glucose correlated with poor outcome (P = 0.046 by logistic regression). Infants with hyperglycemia (blood glucose > 150 mg/dL) were more likely to have poor outcome (P = 0.017; odds ratio: 5.9; 95% confidence interval: 1.4-24.7). Conclusions High blood glucose in the first 12 hours is associated with poor gross motor outcome in this cohort of asphyxiated term infants. Clinicians should avoid hyperglycemia in managing term infants with asphyxia. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The impact of isolated single umbilical artery on labor and delivery outcome; Objective: Data regarding the association between isolated single umbilical artery (SUA) and pregnancy outcome are inconsistent and mainly address the risk of pregnancy complications. Thus, we aimed to focus on the association between isolated SUA, and labor and delivery. Methods: We conducted a case-control study of all singleton pregnancies diagnosed with isolated SUA (no known chromosomal/structural anomalies/fetal growth restriction) attempting vaginal delivery. Obstetric and neonatal outcome was compared with that of a control group of pregnancies with a three-vessel cord in a 1:2 ratio matched by parity. Composite adverse outcome included the following: Cesarean section (CS) and/or operative delivery due to non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR), prolonged neonatal admission, low Apgar score and umbilical artery pH<7.2. Results: Out of 34196 deliveries, 162 (0.5%) were diagnosed with SUA, and 91 (0.27%) were diagnosed with isolated SUA. Isolated SUA was associated with a higher rate of CS due to NRFHR (5.5% vs 1%, p=0.02), small for gestational age (SGA) (14.3% vs 4.9%, p=0.009), lower birth weight, and a higher rate of composite adverse outcome (20.9% vs 8.8%, p=0.005). On multivariable analysis, isolated SUA was independently associated with an increased risk for composite adverse outcome (OR 2.34, 95% CI 1.05-5.21). Conclusion: Isolated SUA is associated with increased risk for CS due to NRFHR and increased rate of SGA. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Early fetal echocardiography: Congenital heart disease detection and diagnostic accuracy in the hands of an experienced fetal cardiology program; Objective: Evaluate the utility of early fetal echocardiography in the hands of an experienced fetal cardiology program for detection of congenital heart disease (CHD) in high-risk pregnancies. Methods: Review of fetal echocardiograms 12 to 16weeks of gestation. Results: There were 151 studies in 142 fetuses (mean age 14.5weeks). Transabdominal imaging was sufficient for 104; transvaginal imaging was used in 38. CHD was found in 32(22.5%). High yield indications were suspected cardiac anomaly (91.7%) and extracardiac anomaly (50%). Lower yield indications were increased nuchal translucency (13.8%) and family history (6.1%). No fetuses referred for advanced maternal age, maternal lupus, or diabetes had CHD. Mid-gestation follow-up was possible in 128 (ten terminated/four lost to follow-up). Three of 19 initially diagnosed with CHD had normal hearts; none diagnosed as normal had CHD (sensitivity 100%/specificity 97.3%). Seven had modification of original diagnoses: three initially diagnosed with possible septal defects had no defect, two had diagnoses that changed, and two had progression different than predicted. Conclusion: Early fetal echocardiography performed in an experienced fetal cardiology program accurately identifies significant CHD. Appropriate referral indications to fetal cardiac specialists include suspected CHD, extracardiac anomaly, increased nuchal translucency, and significant family history. Lesions that may not be diagnosed with accuracy include septal defects and diseases that progress. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Developmental ORIgins of healthy and unhealthy AgeiNg: The role of maternal obesity - Introduction to DORIAN; Europe has the highest proportion of elderly people in the world. Cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, sarcopenia and cognitive decline frequently coexist in the same aged individual, sharing common early risk factors and being mutually reinforcing. Among conditions which may contribute to establish early risk factors, this review focuses on maternal obesity, since the epidemic of obesity involves an ever growing number of women of reproductive age and children, calling for appropriate studies to understand the consequences of maternal obesity on the offspring's health and for developing effective measures and policies to improve people's health before their conception and birth. Though the current knowledge suggests that the long-term impact of maternal obesity on the offspring's health may be substantial, the outcomes of maternal obesity over the lifespan have not been quantified, and the molecular changes induced by maternal obesity remain poorly characterized. We hypothesize that maternal insulin resistance and reduced placental glucocorticoid catabolism, leading to oxidative stress, may damage the DNA, either in its structure (telomere shortening) or in its function (via epigenetic changes), resulting in altered gene expression/repair, disease during life, and pathological ageing. This review illustrates the background to the EU-FP7-HEALTH-DORIAN project. © 2014 S. Karger GmbH, Freiburg.
Risk of birth defects associated with maternal pregestational diabetes; Maternal diabetes preceding pregnancy may increase the risk of birth defects in the offspring, but not all studies confirm this association, which has shown considerable variation over time, and the effect of having type 1 versus type 2 diabetes is unclear. We conducted a population-based cohort study in the Northern Italy Emilia-Romagna region linking administrative databases with a Birth Defects Registry. From hospital discharge records we identified all diabetic pregnancies during 1997-2010, and a population of non-diabetic parturients matched for age, residence, year and delivery hospital. We collected available information on education, smoking and drug prescriptions, from which we inferred the type of diabetes. We found 62 malformed infants out of 2,269 births among diabetic women, and 162 out of 10,648 births among non-diabetic women. The age-standardized prevalence ratio (PR) of malformation associated with maternal pregestational diabetes was 1.79 (95 % confidence interval 1.34-2.39), a value that varied little by age. Type of diabetes strongly influenced the PR, with higher values related to type 2 diabetic women. Most major subgroups of anomalies had PRs above 1, including cardiovascular, genitourinary, musculoskeletal, and chromosomal abnormalities. There was an unusually high PR for the rare defect 'extra-ribs', but it was based on only two cases. This study indicates that maternal pregestational type 2 diabetes is associated with a higher prevalence of specific birth defects in offspring, whereas for type 1 diabetic mothers, particularly in recent years, the association was unremarkable. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media.
Prolonged QT dispersion in the infants of diabetic mothers; Myocardial hypertrophy and cardiac dysfunction frequently occur in newborns of diabetic mothers. The authors hypothesized that wall hypertrophy or disproportionate left ventricular wall thickness in newborns of diabetic mothers may affect both QT and QTc dispersion. This study aimed to assess whether left ventricular hypertrophy affects the QT variables of infants born to diabetic mothers. This prospective cross-sectional study was conducted with 47 consecutively selected neonates of gestational diabetic mothers and 30 healthy neonates born to healthy mothers. All the subjects were evaluated during the neonatal period. Electrocardiography with echocardiography was performed for the patients and the control subjects. The newborns of the diabetic mothers were classified according to septal thickness as group 1 (16 newborns with septal hypertrophy) or group 2 (31 newborns without septal hypertrophy). The study group consisted of three cohorts: groups 1, 2, and 3 (control group). Both QT and QTc dispersion were computed from a randomly selected beat as well as from an average beat derived from 12 beats included in a 10-s electrocardiography. A total of 16 infants (34 %) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or greater. The left ventricular end-systolic diameter in group 1 was smaller (p = 0.0029) than in groups 2 and 3 (p = 0.003). The interventricular septal thickness at end diastole (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall thickness at end diastole in group 1 were higher than in of groups 2 and 3. The QT and QTc dispersion intervals were longer in group 1 than in groups 2 and 3 (p < 0.001), and a highly significant positive correlation was detected between IVSTd and QT dispersion (r = 0.514, p = 0.042). Elevated QT and QTc dispersions may be risk factors for the development of arrhythmias in newborns of diabetic mothers. These patients may critically need systematic cardiac screening. © 2014 Springer Science+Business Media.
The effect of maternal obesity on the offspring; Maternal obesity is inextricably linked to adverse health outcomes for the mother and her children. The peripartum period is a critical period of risk. In this chapter, we examine the importance of maternal prepregnancy weight status, gestational weight gain, breastfeeding, and postpartum weight loss in relation to subsequent risk for maternal obesity and obesity in the offspring. Promoting optimal maternal weight during the preconception, pregnancy, and postpartum periods will provide lifelong benefits for maternal health and the health of her progeny. © 2014, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Heart, arteries and women, a care pathway for women at high cardiovascular risk; Cardiovascular (CV) diseases are the primary cause of death of women. Since they kill 10 times more than breast cancer, preventive measures should be implemented. According to U.S. recommendations, a woman is either at "CV risk" or at "optimal health status" if she has no risk factors and a perfectly healthy lifestyle. Some risk factors are more deleterious to women (smoking, diabetes, stress, depression, atrial fibrillation); or specific to women (preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, contraception, menopause, headaches). The lifestyle plays a key role for them. The blood pressure measurement is the most frequent opportunity to detect women at risk. CV tests should be performed to all symptomatic women and for those over the age of 45 who want to start practicing sport. The cardiologist can play a key role to improve women's CV health by integrating their hormonal risks. Women can also be a powerful medium of prevention by adopting a healthy lifestyle. From those recommendations concerning women's CV health, there is a great opportunity to initiate a health path for women at high cardiovascular risk. The objectives of the specific path "heart, arteries and women" of University hospital of Lille will be to improve professional practice, awareness of women, educate public authorities and within a few years reduce the epidemic of CVD of French women. © 2014.
Autonomic modulation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Aims The aim of this study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and positional aortocaval compression on cardiovascular autonomic nervous system (ANS) function in late pregnancy. Methods Pregnant women with (n = 31) and without (n = 12) GDM were evaluated at 30-35 weeks gestation and 2-3 months postpartum. Measures of ANS function included power spectral analysis (performed sitting) and RR-variation during deep breathing (performed supine). Time-related changes (late pregnancy versus 2-3 months postpartum) for measurements of cardiovascular ANS function were analyzed using multivariate analysis of variance for repeated measures. Results Baseline characteristics were similar for both groups. Comparing ANS measures for GDM + versus GDM - women during pregnancy and postpartum revealed no significant differences. Time related changes indicated that during late pregnancy total spectral power, low frequency (LF) power, high frequency (HF) power, and RR-variation during deep breathing were significantly reduced (p < 0.001 for all). The LF/HF ratio, however, was not significantly affected during late pregnancy (p = 0.678). Conclusions Our results suggest decreased activity in both branches of the ANS during mid-third trimester pregnancy, but no significant change in sympathovagal balance. Aortocaval compression appears to affect ANS function whether tests were performed sitting or supine for GDM + and GDM - women. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Introduction: Obesity and lifestyle issues in women; To the dismay of clinicians and public health professionals, obesity rates remain high and fundamentally unchanged among women and girls in the United States. The latest data show that 34.9% of adults and 16.9 % of youths are obese. There are marked racial and socioeconomic disparities in obesity in the United States with no appreciable improvements. Although regional variations exist, physical inactivity rates are as high as 43%. Fruit and vegetable consumption was higher in women compared with men, however, the rates remain quite low (36.1% fruit >2/d, 30.9% vegetables >3/d). Obesity impacts health outcomes across the reproductive lifespan. © 2014, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Cardiovascular disease in women: The significance of hypertension and gestational diabetes during pregnancy; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Cardiovascular disease (CVD) remains the major killer of women around the globe. Complications during pregnancy, including hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus, are now recognized as risk factors for future CVD. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies of diverse populations demonstrate the links between these complications of pregnancy and a woman's future risk of CVD including atherosclerosis, hypertension, stroke, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. Markers that persist in these women following pregnancy continue to be identified and include microalbuminuria, proteinuria, elevated homocysteine levels, C-reactive protein, and salt sensitivity. Efforts are now being placed on establishing specialized clinics to monitor women beyond pregnancy to help reduce the burden of future disease. SUMMARY: Pregnancy offers a unique window through which women at risk of future CVD may be identified. Clinicians have an opportunity to implement health monitoring, lifestyle modifications, and other interventions during this period, and beyond, that will help reduce the burden of CVD. Research should continue to focus on identifying and understanding the mechanisms that lead to future CVD in these women; deciphering whether pregnancy unmasks an existing predisposition to disease, compounds the risk of future disease, or is the direct cause of future disease. © 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health.
The clinical approach to obesity in pregnancy; Over one third of reproductive age women are obese, and this marked prevalence is impacting pregnancy. Obese women face many challenges from preconception to postpartum. They are at increased risk for both maternal and fetal complications including gestational diabetes, hypertension, preeclampsia, congenital anomalies, stillbirth, fetal macrosomia, cesarean delivery, venous thromboembolism, wound complications, breast-feeding difficulty, postpartum depression, postpartum weight retention, and neonatal death. This discussion is designed to help clinicians understand how obesity affects pregnancy, how to counsel patients regarding gestational weight gain, and how to implement management strategies during pregnancy to optimize health outcomes for these patients. © 2014, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Long-Term Renal Consequences of Preterm Birth; The normal development of the kidney may be affected by several factors, including abnormalities in placental function, resulting in fetal growth restriction, exposure to maternal disease states, including hypertension and diabetes, antenatal steroids, chorioamnionitis, and preterm delivery. After preterm birth, several further insults may occur that may influence nephrogenesis and renal health, including exposure to nephrotoxic medications, postnatal growth failure, and obesity after growth restriction. In this review article, common clinical neonatal scenarios are used to highlight these renal risk factors, and the animal and human evidence on which these risk factors are based are discussed. © 2014.
Utility of intraoperative fetal heart rate monitoring for cerebral arteriovenous malformation surgery during pregnancy; We report two methods of intraoperative fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring in cases of cerebral arteriovenous malformation surgery during pregnancy. In one case in her third trimester, cardiotocography was used. In another case in her second trimester, ultrasound sonography was used, with a transesophageal echo probe attached to her lower abdomen. Especially, the transesophageal echo probe was useful because of the advantages of being flexible and easy to attach to the mother’s lower abdomen comparing with the usual doppler ultrasound probe. In both cases, the surgery was successfully performed and FHR was monitored safely and stably. The use of intraoperative FHR monitoring provides information about the influence of induced maternal hypotension and unexpected bleeding on fetus during surgery. These monitoring techniques would be especially emphasized in cerebrovascular surgery for the safe management of both mother and fetus.
The anesthetic approach to operative delivery of the extremely obese parturient; Extreme obesity (BMI ≥ 40) is thought to complicate approximately 5% of deliveries in the United States. Extreme obesity puts a pregnant woman at an increased risk for cardiovascular disease, including hypertension, coronary artery disease, and congestive heart failure; respiratory disease, including obstructive sleep apnea and asthma; as well as pregnancy-specific diseases including pregnancy-induced hypertension and gestational diabetes. Extreme obesity also puts a parturient at a significantly increased risk of requiring cesarean delivery. For the anesthesiologist, the physiologic changes of obesity combined with the normal physiologic changes of pregnancy can make for a complex and challenging case. This review will focus on the anesthetic approach to the extremely obese parturient undergoing scheduled operative delivery. With proper planning and a detailed understanding of the patient[U+05F3]s comorbidities, a safe and effective anesthetic can be achieved.
Features of endothelial dysfunction in umbilical cord vessels of women with gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased oxidative stress and overexpression of inflammatory cytokines, both of which might lead to endothelial dysfunction and vascular disease. As such, GDM could be viewed as a sort of 'short lived' metabolic syndrome. As umbilical cord vessels represent a suitable model for the study of vascular alterations brought about by GDM, the aim of the present work was to characterize the phenotype of human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) chronically exposed to hyperglycaemia and to a pro-inflammatory environment during pregnancy so as to identify molecular modifications of cellular homoeostasis eventually impacting on endothelial dysfunction. Methods and result: Tissue specimens and HUVECs were obtained from umbilical cords of GDM and control women. As compared to controls, GD-HUVEC exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) expression and exposure on plasma membrane after tumour necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) stimulation (Western blot, flow cytometer). As compared to control cells, GD-HUVEC in basal conditions exhibited enhanced monocyte adhesion, nitric oxide synthase (NOS) expression and activity (eNOS Real-Time polymerase chain reaction, Western Blot for eNOS total protein and monomers/dimers ratio, conversion of [3H]-L-arginine in [3H]-L-citrulline), increased O<inf>2</inf><sup>-</sup> generation together with increased NT levels (immunofluorescence) and reduced NO bioavailability (guanosine 3',5'-monophosphate (cGMP) production, EIA). Furthermore, immunohistochemistry revealed increased eNOS and NT immunoreactivity in GD umbilical cords. Conclusion: Endothelial cells exposed invivo even transiently to hyperglycaemia, oxidative stress and inflammation exhibit durable pro-atherogenic modifications.
Incidence of type 2 diabetes after bariatric surgery: Population-based matched cohort study; Background: The effect of currently used bariatric surgical procedures on the development of diabetes in obese people is not well defined. We aimed to assess the effect of bariatric surgery on development of type 2 diabetes in a large population of obese individuals. Methods: We did a matched cohort study of adults (age 20-100 years) identified from a UK-wide database of family practices, who were obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m2) and did not have diabetes. We enrolled 2167 patients who had undergone bariatric surgery between Jan 1, 2002, and April 30, 2014, and matched them-according to BMI, age, sex, index year, and HbA1c-with 2167 controls who had not had surgery. Procedures included laparoscopic gastric banding (n=1053), gastric bypass (795), and sleeve gastrectomy (317), with two procedures undefined. The primary outcome was development of clinical diabetes, which we extracted from electronic health records. Analyses were adjusted for matching variables, comorbidity, cardiovascular risk factors, and use of antihypertensive and lipid-lowering drugs. Findings: During a maximum of 7 years of follow-up (median 2·8 years [IQR 1·3-4·5]), 38 new diagnoses of diabetes were made in bariatric surgery patients and 177 were made in controls. By the end of 7 years of follow-up, 4·3% (95% CI 2·9-6·5) of bariatric surgery patients and 16·2% (13·3-19·6) of matched controls had developed diabetes. The incidence of diabetes diagnosis was 28·2 (95% CI 24·4-32·7) per 1000 person-years in controls and 5·7 (4·2-7·8) per 1000 person-years in bariatric surgery patients; the adjusted hazard ratio was 0·20 (95% CI 0·13-0·30, p<0·0001). This estimate was robust after varying the comparison group in sensitivity analyses, excluding gestational diabetes, or allowing for competing mortality risk. Interpretation: Bariatric surgery is associated with reduced incidence of clinical diabetes in obese participants without diabetes at baseline for up to 7 years after the procedure. Funding: UK National Institute for Health Research.
Preconception metabolic indicators predict gestational diabetes and offspring birthweight; Pregnancy conditions such as gestational diabetes (GDM) and macrosomia lead to an increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the offspring, perpetuating a cycle of poor health. We hypothesized that (1) pre-pregnancy indicators of metabolism would be associated with GDM and birthweight; and (2) the lipid accumulation product (LAP; incorporating waist circumference and triglycerides) and visceral adiposity index (VAI; incorporating waist circumference, triglycerides, and HDL-c) would be better predictors of GDM and birthweight than other indicators. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked to the Finnish birth registry for 349 women. BMI, triglycerides, waist circumference, insulin, HOMA-IR, LAP, and VAI at the visit prior to the pregnancy were examined as predictors of GDM and large-for-gestational-age (LGA) using logistic regression with adjustment for age, parity, and smoking. Waist circumference was the strongest predictor of GDM (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 1.66, 95% confidence interval 1.16-2.38) and LGA (aOR 1.41, 1.00-1.99). For GDM, all markers had similar discrimination; for LGA, the area under the receiver operating curve for waist circumference was significantly higher than for BMI (p<0.01). This analysis suggests that pregnancy and even offspring health is affected by risk factors outside the immediate time period of pregnancy.
Early onset type 2 diabetes: risk factors, clinical impact and management; Early onset type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is increasingly prevalent with a significant impact on the individual, healthcare service delivery and planning. The individuals are likely to be obese, lead a sedentary lifestyle, have a strong family history of T2DM, be of black and minority ethnic (BME) origin and come from a less affluent socioeconomic group. They have a heightened risk of developing microvascular and macrovascular complications, often at an earlier stage and with greater frequency than seen in type 1 diabetes. As such, early and aggressive risk factor management is warranted. Early onset T2DM is complex and impacts on service delivery with a need for multidisciplinary care of complications and comorbidities’, in addition to adequate educational and psychological support. This review on the impact of early onset T2DM provides the latest insights into this emerging epidemic.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in symptomatic women: Do female-specific risk factors matter?; Background: Cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women and there is a need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive coronary artery disease (CAD) on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in symptomatic women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA and whether adding these risk factors to pre-test probability scores would improve their predictive value.
A rare association: Sirenomelia with adrenalomegaly in an infant of diabetic mother; Sirenomelia or the Mermaid syndrome is a rare congenital anomaly with an incidence of one in 60,000 to 70,000 pregnancies. Sirenomelia is characterized by complete fusion of the lower limbs, commonly associated with renal agenesis, absent external genitalia and other gastrointestinal defects. A 37-week, 3040-g infant was born to a 35-year-old multigravida mother with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia. To our knowledge, this is the first case of sirenomelia with adrenalomegaly.
Risk factors of hypertensive pregnancies in women with diabetes and the influence on their future life; Diabetic women carry a 2-4 times increased risk of a hypertensive pregnancy compared to non-diabetic people. This risk is related to presence of diabetic nephropathy, but also poor glycaemic control. Efforts to improve glycaemic control have decreased perinatal morbidity and mortality related to diabetic nephropathy. Despite good glycaemic control, overt nephropathy is associated with a variety of pregnancy complications, such as fetal growth restriction and pre-eclampsia. General population studies show that women with a history of pre-eclampsia are more prone to develop cardiovascular disease later in life than women with a history of normotensive pregnancy. Furthermore, recent data regarding the long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications indicate that these women should be followed and treatment should be started early. In this review we summarize data on risk factors and long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications that may be of clinical relevance in the prevention of these complications.
Differences in preeclampsia rates between African American and caucasian women: Trends from the National Hospital Discharge Survey; Background: African Americans are at higher risk for preeclampsia compared with Caucasians, but longitudinal changes are unknown. We hypothesized that preeclampsia rates among African Americans would be higher than that of Caucasians and over time would maintain a consistent divergence. Methods: We analyzed the annual prevalence rates and calculated prevalence odds ratios (POR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for preeclampsia comparing 4,644 African American (weighted 608,109) with 12,131 Caucasian (weighted 1,844,391) women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey (1979-2006), including all women for whom a delivery was associated with preeclampsia. We estimated the race-specific prevalence of preeclampsia while adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. Results: There was an increasing trend in preeclampsia rates per year from 1979 to 2006 for African Americans [POR 0.76 (95% CI 0.49, 1.03)] and Caucasians [0.29 (95% CI 0.17, 0.41)]. However, there was an initial decrease in prevalence from 1979-1988 among African-Americans [-0.96 (95% CI -1.78, -0.14)] that was not seen in Caucasians [0.12 (95% CI -0.33, 0.57)]. Across all study years, preeclampsia rates remained higher for African Americans compared to Caucasians, from a POR of 0.98 (95% CI 0.96, 1.0) to POR of 1.75 (95% CI 1.73, 1.78). Conclusion: There was an increase in the prevalence of preeclampsia in African Americans compared to Caucasians in the most recent decade under study. This may be explained by healthcare system changes and disparities in obesity. Action is needed to reduce the trajectory of future cardiovascular disease caused by preeclampsia.
A woman with familial partial lipodystrophy and the complications of her four pregnancies; We discuss a case of a woman ultimately diagnosed with familial partial lipodystrophy following her fourth pregnancy. In her previous pregnancies she had numerous complications thought to be related to diabetes including recurrent macrosomia and polyhydramnios. In her second pregnancy she underwent emergency caesarean section for fetal tachycardia at 34 weeks’ gestation. Her baby was diagnosed with unexplained cerebral ischaemic injury and limb ischaemia requiring amputation. Postnatally she was diagnosed with type 2 diabetes mellitus with subsequent poor control. Very high insulin demands in this fourth pregnancy and an unusual phenotypic appearance in the patient and her mother raised suspicion of an underlying condition. Genetic studies confirmed the clinical diagnosis of familial partial lipodystrophy.
Haemorrhagic complications of peripartum anticoagulation: A retrospective chart review; Background Women with venous thromboembolism (VTE), thrombophilias or mechanical heart valves may require anticoagulation during pregnancy and postpartum. The incidence of postpartum hemorrhage (PPH) in the literature is 2.9–6%, but the rate while on anticoagulation is not well documented.AimsTo determine the incidence of haemorrhagic complications associated with the use of peripartum anticoagulation, and the types and risk factors for haemorrhagic complications.MethodsA retrospective chart review was conducted on women who delivered at an academic teaching hospital and received peripartum anticoagulation between January 2000 and August 2009. Women with known bleeding disorders were excluded.ResultsIn total, 195 cases were identified with mean age 31.3 years and gestational age of 37.7 weeks. Of these, 49% had a history of VTE, 21% had active VTE in the index pregnancy, and 63% had vaginal delivery. Types of anticoagulation used antepartum were unfractionated heparin (UFH) (43%) and low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) (36%), with 26% receiving therapeutic doses. The rate of haemorrhagic complications was 12.8%, with majority being PPH (80%). Sixty percent of the PPH occurred before reintroduction of anticoagulation postpartum. Use of therapeutic UFH antepartum was associated with increased risk of haemorrhagic complications compared to LMWH (OR 3.08, 95% CI 0.663 – 15.03, p?=?0.183).ConclusionThe rate of haemorrhagic complications is higher in women on peripartum anticoagulation compared with published incidence in unselected obstetric populations; however, this rate is similar to our institution’s reported rates. Our findings inform clinicians about competing risks of thrombotic and haemorrhagic complications in this population.
Comparison of echocardiographic findings in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes and healthy mothers; Background: Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk of congenital heart disease in neonates. The study was performed to evaluate the cardiac parameters in neonates of mothers with abnormal glucose tolerance test (GTT) and compare them with data of normal newborn.
Urine albumin-creatinine ratio in women with gestational diabetes: Its link with glycaemic status; Background Micro-albuminuria has been established as a marker for micro-vascular disease. Spot urine albumin-to-creatinine ratio (UACR), even in the high normal range, predicts future cardiovascular events. The value of UACR in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy is uncertain. Aim The objectives of this study were to assess the associations between UACR (performed at the time of GDM diagnosis) and various maternal parameters and to evaluate its correlation with pregnancy outcomes. Materials and Methods We conducted a retrospective review of women with GDM who attended antenatal clinics at a single centre between March 2010 and September 2013. Results Among 1015 women included in this study, high UACR levels were associated with advancing maternal age, maternal obesity, gestational hypertension, elevated glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and high fasting glucose level. After adjustments for various maternal factors, only advancing age, HbA1c and fasting glucose level were associated with UACR. In terms of pregnancy outcomes, elevated UACR was not associated with adverse events, but was a predictor for pre-eclampsia. Conclusions The finding that UACR was associated with glycaemic status in women with GDM suggests early micro-vascular disease may be present in women who had greater degree of hyperglycaemia. This raises the question of whether women with GDM and elevated UACR may be at higher risk of developing cardiovascular disease in the future. Long-term follow-up of this subgroup of women would be worthwhile.
Racial and ethnic differences in the risk of postpartum venous thromboembolism: A population-based, case-control study; Venous thromboembolism (VTE) is a major contributor of maternal morbidity and mortality. Whether maternal race/ethnicity is associated with the risk of postpartum VTE remains unclear. Methods and Results: We conducted a population-based, case-control study in Washington State, from 1987 through 2011. Cases comprised all women with selected International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition, Clinical Modification codes for hospitalized VTE within 3 months post-delivery. Controls were randomly selected postpartum women who did not experience a VTE. Characteristics of women and their deliveries were abstracted from birth certificates. Using logistic regression models, we compared the risk of postpartum VTE in black, Asian, and Hispanic women with that in non-Hispanic white women, after adjustment for maternal characteristics (age, body mass index, parity, education), pregnancy complications, and delivery methods. Results: Our study comprised 688 cases and 10 246 controls. Among controls, the mean age and body mass index were 27.5 years and 26.3 kg m<sup>-2</sup>, respectively. Compared with white women, black and Asian women had a greater and lower risk of postpartum VTE (adjusted odds ratio [OR] 1.50, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.10-2.04 and OR 0.67, 95%CI 0.48-0.94, respectively). A lower risk was present in Hispanic women (adjusted OR 0.80, 95% CI 0.61-1.06) but was not statistically significant. In subgroup analyses, we observed an increased risk for black compared with white women among women who delivered via cesarean section (OR 2.03, 95% CI 1.34-3.07) but not among vaginal deliveries (OR 1.03, 95% CI 0.61-1.74). Conclusions: Maternal race/ethnicity is associated with the risk of postpartum VTE, independently of other risk factors, and should be considered when assessing the use of thromboprophylaxis after delivery.
Favorable neurodevelopmental outcome in a hypothyroid neonate following intracordal amiodarone for cardioversion of refractory supraventricular tachycardia in a fetus; Fetal supraventricular tachycardia (SVT), characterized by a fetal ventricular heart rate faster than 200 beats per minute (bpm), is often diagnosed during routine fetal heart monitoring or prenatal ultrasound examinations. Clinical guidelines for management of fetal SVT have not been determined in standardized trials, nor do we have a clear sense regarding the long-term developmental outcomes and side effects of in utero antiarrhythmic therapy. We describe our approach to the treatment of refractory SVT in a fetus with hydrops using direct umbilical vein treatment with amiodarone coupled with effusion evacuation. We successfully achieved in utero resolution of SVT. There was transient amiodarone-induced hypothyroidism, which we screened for early and treated with Synthroid. Ultimately our patient had normal long-term growth and development as measured by modified Denver office checklists and Ages and Stages questionnaires. Our experience advocates for vigilant screening and management of hypothyroidism in fetuses exposed to in utero amiodarone and suggests that it is possible to achieve good outcomes in high-acuity refractory cases of SVT.
Comparison of placental findings in type 1 and type 2 diabetic pregnancies; Introduction: The aim of this study is to compare placental pathology and related clinical parameters between gravidas with type 1 and type 2 pregestational diabetes. Methods: This is a retrospective cohort study of women with singleton gestations and pregestational diabetes who delivered at Women and Infants Hospital from 2003 to 2011. Pathology reports, maternal and neonatal outcomes were extracted and compared between the two groups. Results: In our cohort, 293 pregnancies were studied, including 117 with type 1 diabetes and 176 with type 2 diabetes. Women with type 1 diabetes had worse glycemic control during pregnancy, as characterized by higher HbA1c values and average fasting and postprandial blood sugars. More infants from the type 1 group were admitted to Neonatal ICU. Pregestational diabetes led to small for gestational age (SGA) placentas in nearly 20% pregnancies and large for gestational age (LGA) placentas in 30% of cases. Both groups shared similar incidences of preeclampsia and significant placental pathology related to uteroplacental (maternal) and fetal circulatory disorders; however, maternal decidual vasculopathy and placentas with insufficiency (fetal-to-placental weight ratio < 10th %tile) were more commonly found in placentas from women with type 2 diabetes. Discussion: Both types of pregestational diabetes have significant impact on placental growth and development. The comparison between the two groups suggests different pathogenetic mechanisms and may be helpful for better management of diabetic pregnancy.
Epigenetics and neonatal nutrition; Epigenetic changes have long-lasting effects on gene expression and are related to, and often induced by, the environment in which early development takes place.In particular, the period of development that extends from pre-conception to early infancy is the period of life during which epigenetic DNA imprinting activity is the most active.Epigenetic changes have been associated with modification of the risk for developing a wide range of adulthood, non-communicable diseases (including cardiovascular diseases, metabolic diseases, diseases of the reproductive system, etc.).This paper reviews the molecular basis of epigenetics, and addresses the issues related to the process of developmental programming of the various areas of human health.
Congenital heart disease: The crossroads of genetics, epigenetics and environment; Congenital heart diseases (CHDs) are recognized as the most common type of birth malformations. Although recent advances in pre- and neonatal diagnosis as well as in surgical procedures have reduced the morbidity and mortality for many CHD, the etiology for CHD remains undefined. In non-syndromic and isolated (without a familial history or a Mendelian inheritance) forms of CHDs, a multifactorial pathogenesis with interplay between inherited and non-inherited causes is recognized. In this paper, we discuss the current knowledge of the potential molecular mechanisms, mediating abnormal cardiac development in non-syndromic and isolated CHD, including mutations in cardiac transcription factors, the role of somatic mutations and epigenetic alterations as well as the influence of gene-environment interactions. In the near future, the advent of high-throughput genomic technologies with the integration of system biology will expand our understanding of isolated, non-syndromic CHDs for their prevention, early diagnosis and therapy.
Glycemic index, Glycemic control and beyond; It is currently estimated that over 370 million individuals have diabetes, making diabetes a major public health issue contributing significantly to global morbidity and mortality. The steep rise in diabetes prevalence over the past decades is attributable, in a large part, to lifestyle changes, with dietary habits and behaviour as significant contributors. Despite the relatively wide availability of antidiabetic medicine, it is lifestyle approaches that still remain the cornerstone of diabetes prevention and treatment. Glycemic index (GI) is a nutritional tool which represents the glycemic response to carbohydrate ingestion. In light of the major impact of nutrition on diabetes pathophysiology, with the rising need to combat the escalating diabetes epidemic, this review will focus on the role of GI in glycemic control, the primary target of diabetic treatment and beyond. The review will present the evidence relating GI and diabetes treatment and prevention, as well as weight loss, weight maintenance and cardiovascular disease risk factors.
Comparıson of pulse oxymeter and cerebral oxymeter values in healthy newborns in the first five mınutes of life; Objective: Practical approaches in delivery rooms have been discussed about oxygen usage in recent years. In this study, it was aimed to correlate preductal arterial oxygen saturation (SpO<inf>2</inf>), heart rate per minute and serebral oxygen saturation (SbO<inf>2</inf>) values of first five minutes of life and to try the pulse oxymeter (PO) and cerebral oxymeter (SO) usage practice in delivery room. Material and Method: A hundred healthy term uncomplicated newborn babies, who were born via normally spontan vaginal route, were included in the study. SpO<inf>2</inf>, SbO<inf>2</inf>, heart rate measurements and blood gase analysis of first five minutes of postnatal life were completed. Babies, who needed oxygen during measurements, were not taken in to the study.. Results: While postnatal 1<sup>st</sup> minute SpO<inf>2</inf> value was 83.0±4.4 (74-94)%; at 5<sup>th</sup> minute these measurements reached to 92.9±3.5 (85-98)% with gradually increment. Except values of 4<sup>th</sup> and 5<sup>th</sup> minutes; SpO<inf>2</inf> values were found statistically significant high with each other (p<0.05). At SbO<inf>2</inf> measurements, suitable data was taken from 100% of the babies in first minute of life. While postnatal mean SbO2 value of the first minute was 48.9±9.9 (32-74)%; these measurements were reached to 69.9±9.5 (46-89)% at 5th minute gradually increment as like as SpO<inf>2</inf> values. Conclusion: SO is complementary to PO in delivery room and can be used routinely. It was seen also in our study; oxygen need of newborns can be determined faster and more accurately with SO use in delivery room so unnecessary oxygen usage and its potential risks can be avoided..
Pregnancy outcome in hyperthyroidism: A case control study; Background: Data comparing pregnancy outcome in hyperthyroid women with euthyroid women are scarce. Hence, this study was carried out to assess the maternal and fetal outcome in pregnant women with hyperthyroidism to ascertain the effect of disease on pregnancy. Methodology: This retrospective study was conducted over a period of 28 years. We compared the maternal and fetal outcomes of 208 hyperthyroid women with 403 healthy controls, between women with well-controlled and uncontrolled disease and amongst women diagnosed with hyperthyroidism before and during pregnancy. Results: Maternal outcome: women with hyperthyroidism were at increased risk for preeclampsia (OR = 3.94), intrauterine growth restriction (OR = 2.16), spontaneous preterm labor (OR = 1.73), preterm birth (OR = 1.7), gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.8), and cesarean delivery (OR = 1.47). Hyperthyroid women required induction of labor more frequently (OR = 3.61). Fetal outcome: newborns of hyperthyroid mothers had lower birth weight than normal ones (p = 0.0001). Women with uncontrolled disease had higher odds for still birth (OR = 8.42; 95% CI: 2.01-35.2) and lower birth weight (p = 0.0001). Conclusions: Obstetrical complications were higher in women with hyperthyroidism than normal women. Outcome was worsened by uncontrolled disease. Women with pregestational hyperthyroidism had better outcomes than those diagnosed with it during pregnancy.
Implications of Ramadan intermittent fasting on maternal and fetal health and nutritional status: A review; Fasting and caloric restriction during pregnancy had been reported to impose negative effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcomes. Some research suggests that maternal fasting increases the potential for developing irreversible mental and physical disabilities in children. Even excused, Muslim pregnant women had been accustomed to fast during the ninth lunar month of Ramadan. This comprehensive review aimed at addressing the current evidence pertaining to the effect of Ramadan Intermittent Fasting (RIF) practiced by Muslims pregnant women on maternal and fetal health along with pregnancy outcomes. Current research suggests that maternal fasting during Ramadan has no deleterious impacts on the birth weight or biochemical and biophysical parameters of babies. There is a limited long term research that addressed the effects of RIF on the health of fetuses that were in utero. Milk macro composition was not found to be affected profoundly upon RIF, with significant changes in some micronutrients were reported. Additionally, RIF seems to affect some macronutrients and most micronutrient intakes; therefore, it would be prudent for pregnant and lactating women to utilize the excuse for not fasting during Ramadan. Further research is needed to address the long term consequences of maternal RIF on mother and child health later in life.
Differential placental gene expression in term pregnancies affected by fetal growth restriction and macrosomia; Introduction: Extremes of fetal growth are associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes in later life. We aimed to identify changes in placental gene expression in pregnancies with evidence of growth dysfunction and candidate genes that may be used to identify abnormal patterns of growth prior to delivery. Methods: Growth-restricted (n = 4), macrosomic (n = 6) and normal term (n = 5) placentas were selected from a banked series (n = 200) collected immediately after caesarean section. RNA was extracted prior to microarray analysis using Affymetrix HG-U219 arrays to determine variation in gene expression. Genes of interest were confirmed using qRT-PCR. Results: 338 genes in the growth-restricted and 41 genes in the macrosomic group were identified to be significantly dysregulated (>2-fold change; p < 0.05). CPXM2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and TXNDC5 and LRP2 downregulated in fetal growth restriction. In macrosomia, PHLDB2 and CLDN1 were upregulated and LEP and GCH1 were downregulated. Discussion: Dysfunctional growth is associated with differential placental gene expression and affects genes with a whole spectrum of developmental and cellular functions. Better elucidation of these pathways may allow the development of biomarkers to identify growth abnormalities and effective prenatal intervention.
Association between polycystic ovary syndrome and metabolic syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is the most common endocrine and metabolic disorder affecting women in reproductive age. Although the etiology of PCOS remains unclear, it is believed to result from genetic, environmental and behavioral interactions. Women with PCOS have higher lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVR) than healthy women at the same age and tend to display insulin resistance (IR). IR has traditionally been defined as a decreased ability of insulin to mediate the metabolic actions on glucose uptake, glucose production, and/or lipolysis. This results in a requirement for increased amounts of insulin to achieve a given metabolic action. Metabolic syndrome (MS) includes hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, increased CVR and hyperleptinemia and metabolic disorders such as hypertension, IR, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes mellitus, systemic inflammation and endothelial dysfunction. The prevalence of MS in women is around 50 %. In addition, it has been recently suggested that women with MS show increased circulating androgens. The present review discusses the main alterations and features of PCOS and MS and the most important treatments.
Differential placental gene expression in term pregnancies affected by fetal growth restriction and macrosomia; INTRODUCTION: Extremes of fetal growth are associated with increased perinatal mortality and morbidity and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease, obesity and diabetes in later life. We aimed to identify changes in placental gene expression in pregnancies with evidence of growth dysfunction and candidate genes that may be used to identify abnormal patterns of growth prior to delivery.
Fetal programming of the human brain: Is there a link with insurgence of neurodegenerative disorders in adulthood?; In recent years, evidence is growing on the role played by gestational factors in shaping brain development and on the influence of intrauterine experiences on later development of neurodegenerative diseases including Parkinson's (PD) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). The nine months of intrauterine development and the first three years of postnatal life are appearing to be extremely critical for making connections among neurons and among neuronal and glial cells that will shape a lifetime of experience. Here, the multiple epigenetic factors acting during gestation - including maternal diet, malnutrition, stress, hypertension, maternal diabetes, fetal hypoxia, prematurity, low birth weight, prenatal infection, intrauterine growth restriction, drugs administered to the mother or to the baby - are reported, and their ability to modulate brain development, resulting in interindividual variability in the total neuronal and glial burden at birth is discussed. Data from recent literature suggest that prevention of neurodegeneration should be identified as the one method to halt the diffusion of neurodegenerative diseases. The "two hits" hypothesis, first introduced for PD and successfully applied to AD and other neurodegenerative human pathologies, should focus our attention on a peculiar period of our life: the intrauterine and perinatal periods. The first hit to our nervous system occurs early in life, determining a PD or AD imprinting to our brain that will condition our resistance or, alternatively, our susceptibility to develop a neurodegenerative disease later in life. In conclusion, how early life events contribute to late-life development of adult neurodegenerative diseases, including PD and AD, is emerging as a new fascinating research focus. This assumption implies that research on prevention of neurodegenerative diseases should center on events taking place early in life, during gestation and in the perinatal periods, thus presenting a new challenge to perinatologists: the prevention of neurodegenerative human diseases.
Gestational diabetes and risk of cardiovascular disease: a scoping review; BACKGROUND: Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of incident type 2 diabetes and has deleterious effects on other cardiovascular risk factors. However, the effect of gestational diabetes on the risk of cardiovascular disease remains unclear. We conducted a scoping review of the literature to examine the association between these 2 conditions.
Anatomically corrected malposition of the great arteries: Two case reports; Summary- Anatomically corrected malposition of the great arteries (ACMGA) is defined as parallel arising of aorta and main pulmonary artery (PA) roots although ventriculoarterial connection is normal. Abnormally related aorta arises from the left ventricle, while abnormally related PA arises from the right ventricle. It can be diagnosed with via echocardiography. In some cases, additional imaging modalities such as computerized tomographic angiography and magnetic resonance are required. In this article, we presented two cases of ACMGA, 5-month-old boy and 1-month-old girl. We wanted to point out the importance of differential diagnosis of other great artery anomalies from this rare pathology.
Risk factors for episiotomy: A case-control study; Objective: obtaining information on the factors associated with episiotomy will be useful in sensitizing professionals to the need to minimize its incidence. Therefore, the objective of this study was to evaluate risk factors for episiotomy in pregnant women who had undergone vaginal delivery at a university maternity hospital in northeastern Brazil. Methods: A case-control study was conducted with pregnant women submitted to episiotomy (cases) and pregnant women not submitted to episiotomy (controls) between March 2009 and July 2010 at the Professor Fernando Figueira Integral Medicine Institute (IMIP) in Recife, Brazil, in a ratio of 1 case to 2 controls. The study variables consisted of: whether episiotomy was performed, demographic, obstetric and fetal characteristics (primiparity, analgesia, instrumental delivery, fetal distress, etc.), external factors (day and time of delivery, professional attending delivery) and factors directly related to delivery. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated. Multivariate analysis was performed to determine the adjusted risk of episiotomy. Results: A total of 522 women (173 cases and 349 controls) were included. It was found that deliveries with episiotomy were more likely to have been attended by staff physicians (OR = 1.88; 95%CI: 1.01 - 3.48), to have required forceps (OR = 12.31; 95%CI: 4.9 - 30.1) and to have occurred in primiparas (OR = 4.24; 95%CI: 2.61 - 6.89). The likelihood of a nurse having attended the delivery with episiotomy was significantly lower (OR = 0.29; 95%CI: 0.16 - 0.55). Conclusion: episiotomy was found to be strongly associated with deliveries attended by staff physicians, with primiparity, and with instrumental delivery, and was less common in deliveries attended by nurses.
Postpartum Healthcare after Gestational Diabetes and Hypertension; Background: Gestational diabetes and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy identify women with an elevated lifetime risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Methods: Prospective cohort of women recruited from the postpartum service of a large community-based academic obstetrical hospital after delivery of a pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes (GDM) or a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy (HDP). Interviews were conducted, and validated surveys completed, before hospital discharge and again 3 months postpartum. Results: The study sample included 249 women: 111 with GDM, 127 with HDP, and 11 with both. Most, 230 (92.4%) had a PCP prior to pregnancy and 97 (39.0%) reported an office visit with their PCP during the prenatal period. Of the 176 (70.7%) participants who attended the 3-month study visit, 169 (96.0%) women with either diagnosis reported they had attended their 6-week postpartum visit. By the 3-month study visit, 51 (57.9%) women with GDM had completed follow-up glucose testing; 93 (97.9%) with HDP had follow-up blood pressure testing; and 101 (57.4%) with either diagnosis recalled ever having completed lipid screening. Women least likely to complete screening tests were those who had no college education, less than a high school level of health literacy, and who were not privately insured. Conclusion: There are important opportunities to improve postpartum testing for diabetes and CVD risk factor assessment. Most women were connected to primary care suggesting a "hand-off" to a primary care physician after pregnancy is feasible. More robust strategies may be needed to improve follow-up care for women with less education, lower health literacy, and those without private health insurance.
Hodgkin's lymphoma during pregnancy - Case report; The incidence of hematologic malignancies in pregnancy ranges from 1:1000-1:10 000, with the most common lymphomas (1:1000-1:6000), Hodgkin's lymphoma in particular. This paper describes a case of Hodgkin's lymphoma diagnosed in a 36-year-old pregnant woman. The coexistence of pregnancy renders both the diagnosis and treatment more difficult. The signs of the disease may overlap with the symptoms associated with physiological pregnancy. The diagnosis is based on histopathological examination of the lesioned lymph node. The use of imaging techniques such as computed tomography and positron emission tomography should be avoided. Magnetic resonance and chest X-ray are acceptable; and there are no limitations for the use of ultrasound imaging. It is suggested that chemotherapy be delayed until the second trimester. The ABVD regimen is a standard treatment. In the case of disease progression, pregnancy termination and treatment outside pregnancy should be considered. In the case of pregnancy continuation, BEACOPP regimen may be used with optional, complementary radiotherapy. Treatment results for Hodgkin's lymphoma diagnosed during pregnancy do not seem worse compared with age-matched groups. The management of pregnant patients with hematologic cancer requires care provided by a multidisciplinary team. Therapeutic decisions must account for the wellbeing of both, the mother and the fetus. The birth should be scheduled between courses so as to avoid pancytopenia in the patient and the newborn. The incidence of hematologic malignancies during pregnancy is rare, therefore it seems reasonable to collect data in the international registry in order to allow for an objective assessment of epidemiology, risk factors and treatment options.
The global response to diabetes: Action or apathy?; • Diabetes and related non-communicable diseases (NCDs) account for over 60% of the world's annual deaths, untold personal suffering, and an economically crippling burden of lost productivity.
ECG body surface mapping in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and optimal metabolic compensation; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for cardiovascular diseases (CVD) events compared with women without GDM. The aim of the present study was to evaluate 200 parameters of the heart electric field in 35 women with GDM under optimal glycemic compensation compared to 32 healthy pregnant women. All examinations were performed in the 36th week of gestation. The parameters in ECG body surface mapping (BSM) were registered by the diagnostic system Cardiag 112.2. The absolute values of maximum and minimum in depolarization and repolarization isopotential, isointegral and isoarea maps were not significantly different between the groups. These findings correspond to the result of heart rate variability examination. However BSM revealed the significant prolongation of QRS complex (p=0.05), shortening of ventricular myocardial activation time (ICHVAT) (p=0.01), prolongation of mean QT duration (p=0.01) and increase of QT interval dispersion (p=0.01) in women with GDM. Duration of QRS and ICHVAT significantly correlated with interventricular septum and posterior wall thickness in GDM group, QTd interval correlated significantly with HbA1C level. We conclude that despite of optimal metabolic control several significant abnormalities detected by ECG BSM are still present in patients with GDM.
Methylation analysis and diagnostics of beckwith-wiedemann syndrome in 1,000 subjects; Background: Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS), a congenital overgrowth disorder with variable expressivity and a predisposition to tumorigenesis, results from disordered expression and/or function of imprinted genes at chromosome 11p15.5. There are no generally agreed clinical diagnostic criteria, with molecular studies commonly performed to confirm diagnosis. In particular, methylation status analysis at two 11p15.5 imprinting control centres (IC1 and IC2) detects up to 80% of BWS cases (though low-level mosaicism may not be detected). In order to evaluate the relationship between the clinical presentation of suspected BWS and IC1/2 methylation abnormalities we reviewed the results of >1,000 referrals for molecular diagnostic testing. Results: Out of 1,091 referrals, 507 (46.5%) had a positive diagnostic test for BWS. The frequency of tumours was 3.4% in those with a molecular diagnosis of BWS. Previously reported genotype-phenotype associations with paternal uniparental disomy, IC1, and IC2 epimutation groups were confirmed and potential novel associations detected. Predictive values of previously described clinical diagnostic criteria were compared and, although there were differences in their sensitivity and specificity, receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis demonstrated that these were not optimal in predicting 11p15.5 methylation abnormalities. Using logistic regression, we identified clinical features with the best predictive value for a positive methylation abnormality. Furthermore, we developed a weighted scoring system (sensitivity 75.9%, and specificity 81.8%) to prioritise patients presenting with the most common features of BWS, and ROC analysis demonstrated superior performance (area under the curve 0.85, 95% CI 0.83 to 0.87) compared to previous criteria. Conclusions: We suggest that this novel tool will facilitate selection of patients with suspected BWS for routine diagnostic testing and so improve the diagnosis of the disorder.
Biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction in relation to impaired carbohydrate metabolism following pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: History of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a very young population of femalespredisposed for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction might represent a sharedprecursor of both disorders. Hence, this study aimed to characterize endothelial biomarkers in relation to impairedinsulin sensitivity and progression to overt diabetes early after index pregnancy.Methods: 108 women with previous GDM and 40 controls were included three to six months after delivery andunderwent specific metabolic assessments including a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test andan oral glucose tolerance test. Diabetes progression was assessed in females with pGDM over 10 years of follow-up.Circulating sICAM-1 (intracellular-adhesion-molecule-1), sVCAM-1 (vascular-cell-adhesion-molecule-1) and sE-selectin,representing biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction were assessed at baseline and annually over five years.Results: Endothelial biomarkers were significantly associated with insulin sensitivity (sICAM-1: r = -0.23, p = 0.009;sVCAM-1: r = -0.22, p = 0.011; sE-selectin: r = -0.21, p = 0.018) as well as with GDM status and parameters of subtleinflammation. Analysis of long-term trajectories revealed constantly elevated sICAM-1 (p = 0.033) and sE-selectin(p = 0.007) in 25 subjects with diabetes progression. Accordingly, sE-selectin levels at the early post partum visitpredicted a later development of the disease (HR =1.02 95%CI 1.01 to 1.04, p = 0.013), however, this was attenuatedafter adjustment for BMI.Conclusions: Elevated circulating markers of endothelial dysfunction in young females with GDM history mightreflect an early stage on the pathway to the manifestation of future cardiometabolic disorders. Timely identificationof women at high risk and optimization of follow-up management might provide an opportunity to prevent diseaseprogression.
Cardiovascular risk factors in adolescents born preterm; BACKGROUND: Adolescents and adults born as small preterm infants show more pronounced risk factors of cardiovascular disease. Whether similar risks apply across all degrees of preterm birth is poorly known. METHODS: We studied the association between preterm birth and cardiovascular risk factors in 6642 16-year-old adolescents of the populationbased Northern Finland Birth Cohort 1986. Of these, 79 (1.2%) were born at ,34 gestational weeks (early preterm), 238 (3.6%) at 34 to 36 weeks (late preterm), and 6325 at term (controls). RESULTS: Girls born early preterm had 6.7 mm Hg (95% confidence interval: 3.1-10.2) higher systolic blood pressure (BP) and 3.5 mm Hg (1.1-5.8) higher diastolic BP, but no difference in serum lipid levels compared with control girls. Boys showed no differences in BP, but boys born early preterm had 6.7% (0.2%-13.7%) higher total cholesterol, 11.7% (2.1%-22.3%) higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and 12.3% (3.1%-22.4%) higher apolipoprotein B concentrations. The differences were similar (BP) or stronger (lipids) when adjusted for maternal smoking, birth weight SD score, parental education, pubertal stage, BMI, and lifestyle. There were similar associations with length of gestation as a continuous variable. Accordingly, mean differences between late preterm and controls were in the same direction but weaker, although most were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Preterm birth was associated with elevated BP in adolescent girls and an atherogenic lipid profile in boys. Because these associations were strongest among those born early preterm, our findings are consistent with a dose-response relationship between shorter length of gestation and cardiovascular risk factors.
To study the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by rheumatic heart disease; Objectives: To study the maternal and neonatal outcomes of pregnancies complicated by rheumatic heart disease (RHD). Materials and methods: A retrospective study was carried out in the obstetric and cardiology outpatients department of Sir Sunder Lal Hospital, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University, Varanasi, India over a period of 1 year (Dec 2011-2012) involving 96 pregnant patients with rheumatic heart disease. Their maternal and fetal outcomes were reviewed. Results: A total of 96 pregnant mothers with heart disease presented to us during the period of 1 year (Dec 2011-2012). Majority of the pregnant mothers had mitral stenosis n = 46 (47%). Rest of the patients had multivalve disease. Pulmonary arterial hypertension was found to be in 28 patients (29%). Atrial thrombus was seen in the echocardiography of one patient. Mitral valve replacement was done before pregnancy in 16 mothers (16%); these gravid mothers were put on low-molecular weight hepanin (LMWH) and during the midtrimester on the Acitrom. There was one patient admitted with atrial fibrillation. New York Heart Association (NYHA) class I and II heart disease progressed in two patients to class III and IV. There was no maternal or fetal mortality in this study. There were 24 cesarean sections (25%) done out of which 8 were for intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) (32%), rest were due to maternal reasons. There were 12 preterm deliveries. Four fetuses had intraventricular hemorrhage. Conclusion: Despite no maternal and neonatal mortality, pregnancy in women with heart disease is associated with significant maternal and neonatal morbidities.
Hemoperitoneum in third trimester of pregnancy: Unusual cause-spontaneous rupture of uterine varices; Spontaneous uterine varices rupture is a very rare condition (1/10,000 pregnancies), leading to significant maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Though the exact etiology is still unknown, it seems to be associated with an increased in venous pressure. The rupture especially occurs in third trimester. We encounter a case of 31 years old primigravida with pain in abdomen since 1 day not relieved by medication. Abdominal ultrasound revealed hemoperitoneum. Emergency exploratory laparotomy revealed 1.5 litres of hemoperitoneum and confirmed the diagnosis of ‘spontaneous rupture of uterine varices’. The clinical presentation of spontaneous rupture of uterine varices is not specific and clinical examination and ultrasonographic scanning may be insufficient for diagnosis. This rare condition has to be taken into account to the differential diagnosis in a pregnant woman with severe abdominal pain.
Fetal origin of adult disease; Fetal origins of adult disease, a concept first popularized by Dr David Barker, has subsequently led to many studies which have provided the evidence that certain diseases do have links pointing to fetal origins—adverse influences early in development, and particularly during intrauterine life, can result in permanent changes in physiology and metabolism, which result in increased disease risk in adulthood. Links that are well-established are—reduced birth weight and increased risk of coronary heart disease, hypertension and stroke in adulthood. The concept of a fetal origin of adult disease have been extended well-beyond coronary heart disease and being a risk factor for coronary heart disease, and now includes investigations of the development of the central nervous system, early origins of adult mental health and cognitive function. By understanding fetal origin of adult disease, health care professionals and policy makers will make this issue a high health care priority and implement preventive measures and treatment for those at higher risk for chronic diseases.
Elevated neonatal IGF-I is associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; OBJECTIVE: Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction are common in fetuses of diabetic mothers. IGF-I is a known cardiac mitogen. The objective of this study was to determine if elevated neonatal IGF-I is associated with fetal HCM and/or cardiac dysfunction in fetuses of diabetic mothers. STUDY DESIGN: In a prospective cohort study, fetal echocardiogram findings at 36 wks gestation in women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) were compared to those in women without DM. HCM was defined as septal or free wall > 5mm and cardiac dysfunction as a modified myocardial performance index (MPI) > 0.43. Cord serum IGF-I levels at delivery were measured with ELISA. Neonates with abnormal fetal echocardiogram were followed until resolution or 6 months of life. RESULTS: 77 participants underwent fetal echocardiography (57 diabetics and 20 controls). In the diabetic group 34/57 (60%) had abnormal fetal echocardiograms with cardiac dysfunction in 22/57 (39%) and HCM in 12/57 (21%). None (0/20) of the control patients had abnormal findings. There were no significant differences in those diabetic women with normal versus abnormal fetal echocardiograms (Table). Follow-up neonatal echocardiograms performed at 24-48 hrs showed 9/32 (28%) neonatal echocardiograms had normalized 11/32 (34%) had HCM 5/32 (16%) had ventricular septal defects 4/32 (12.5%) had patent ductus arteriosus, and 3/32 (9.8%) had pulmonary hypertension. At 6 months of age 1/11 (10%) had persistent HCM. In fetuses with normal echocardiograms, mean neonatal IGF-I was 62±17 ng/ml compared to 60.7±19 ng/ml with dysfunction (P>0.05) and 80.3± 6.3 ng/ml with HCM (P <0.01). Although neonatal IGF-I was elevated in DM fetuses compared to controls (65.4±18.4 ng/ml vs. 51.4 ±12.6 ng/ml, respectively, P<0.01), this difference was not significant when adjusted for HCM. CONCLUSION: Elevated neonatal IGF-I is associated with fetal HCM in fetuses of diabetic women and may contribute to pathologic heart development in fetal life. (Table presented).
The impact of isolated polyhydroamnios on pregnancy outcome after 34 weeks of gestation; OBJECTIVE: We aimed to evaluate pregnancy outcome in parturients > 34 weeks of gestation diagnosed with isolated polyhydoramnios (AFI > 25cm). STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of singleton pregnancies with no gestational or pre-gestational diabetes, or structural or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: Overall, 631 women with polyhydramnios were compared with 32900 women with normal amniotic fluid volume. Our main findings were (p<0.001 unless stated otherwise): 1) Parturients in the study group were less likely to be primiparous (26 vs. 32%, p=.001) or to deliver at 34-36 weeks (2.7 vs. 4.7%, p=.02), and more likely to undergo cesarean delivery (25.4 vs. 16.7%), mainly due to emergency cesarean delivery (73.1 vs. 62.1%, p=.005) (Table). They were also more likely to undergo induction of labor (6.8 vs. 4.4%), more likely to require intervention because of nonreassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) (4.8 vs 3.0%, p=.01) and less likely to have a successful VBAC (69.7 vs. 91.5%). 2) Neonates in the study group had higher mean birth weight and birth weight percentile (3520±444 vs. 3235±447 grams and 72±23 vs. 56±26%, respectively), were at 3-fold risk for macrosomia (12 vs. 4.3%) and 5-fold risk for shoulder dystocia (1 vs. 0.2%). Rates of asphyxia (2.5 vs. 1.4%, p=.02), hypoglycemia (1.9 vs. 1.0%, p=.03) and RDS (0.3 vs. 0.04%, p=.002) were higher as well as the composite outcome rate (15.7 vs. 11.6%, p=.001)(Table). 3) After multivariate regression analysis, isolated polyhydramnios was still significantly associated with cesarean delivery (OR 2.2, 95% CI 1.8-2.8), NRFHR requiring intervention (OR 2.0, 95% CI 1.4-3.0, p=.001) and RDS (OR 8.4, 95% CI 1.6-44.5, p=.01). 4) No significant differences were observed regarding fetal death, prolapsed umbilical cord or placental abruption rates, PPH, NICU admissions, jaundice, HIE, IVH or seizures. CONCLUSION: Isolated polyhydroamnios after 34 weeks of gestation is associated with adverse obstetrical and neonatal outcomes. (Table presented).
The relationship between single umbilical artery and congenital heart disease; OBJECTIVE: Single umbilical artery (SUA) has been associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD). Therefore, a fetus with a SUA is often referred for fetal echocardiography (echo) to screen for CHD. Data to support this association and need for referral remains controversial. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective review of patients with SUA that underwent a fetal echo was performed. Medical records were reviewed for the presence of CHD and to identify risk factors including family history of CHD, advanced maternal age, maternal diabetes mellitus, fetal extra-cardiac anomaly, and abnormal genetic testing. Fetuses were divided into two groups; low risk (no risk factors) and high risk (one or more risk factors present). Descriptive statistics were performed and Fisher's Exact tests were used to assess associations between low and high risk SUA fetuses and fetal echo findings. RESULTS: Results: 101 cases of SUA were identified; 69 cases with isolated SUA and 32 cases with one or more risk factors present (see table 1). All 5 of the fetuses with CHD were in the high risk group (5/32, 15.6%); three had one risk factor, and two had multiple risk factors. No fetuses in the low risk group had CHD (p=0.0025). CONCLUSION: The finding of an isolated SUA in a low risk patient has no increased risk of fetal CHD in our cohort, while a SUA in the presence of additional risk factors demonstrated a significantly higher risk of CHD. Our results suggest that a fetal echo is indicated for SUA fetuses with additional risk factors. SUA found in isolation may not require a referral for fetal echo if no additional abnormalities are identified and fetal anatomical scan is adequate quality without concern for cardiac defects. (Table presented).
Association between glucose level in the high quartiles of the normal range during pregnancy and the risk for long-term maternal cardiovascular, cerebrovascular and renal morbidity; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between glucose level in the high quartiles of the normal range during pregnancy and the development of subsequent long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A case-control study was conducted including women who delivered between the years 2000-2012 and subsequently develop atherosclerotic morbidity (n=815); the controls were matched for age and year of delivery (n=6065). The atherosclerotic l morbidity group was further divided to major event (cardiovascular, cerebrovascular disease, chronic renal failure), and cardiac procedures (such as coronary angiography). The mean follow-up duration for atherosclerotic disease was 74 months. The glucose levels during pregnancy were sorted by ≤ 60 mg/dl; 61-80 mg/dl 81- 100 mg/dl and glucose > 100 mg/dl. The chi-square test for trends was used to determine the association between glucose level during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic complications. Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox proportional hazards models were used. RESULTS: A significant linear association was documented between glucose level during pregnancy and the long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity (Table). Glucose levels in the high quartiles had a significantly higher cumulative incidence of atherosclerotic hospitalizations Kaplan-Meier survival curve (P<0.001; Figure). Nevertheless, in a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for confounders such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), preeclampsia and obesity, no significant association was noted between glucose levels during pregnancy and long-term maternal atherosclerotic hospitalizations (adjusted HR 1.1; 95% CI 0.9-1.1; P=0.167). CONCLUSION: After controlling for GDM, glucose level in the high quartiles of the normal range during pregnancy per se is not an independent risk factor for long-term maternal atherosclerotic morbidity. (Table presented).
Gestational prehypertensioneadditional category of hypertensive disease of pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: The joint national committee on high blood pressure (JNC7) determined blood pressure of 120-139/80-89 in adults to be Prehypertension associate with increased risk of cardiovascular disease. We hypothesize that gestational prehypertension is associated with increased risk of anterpartum and peripartum complications. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective case control study consists of pregnant patients at our clinic during the year of 2010. The study group consists of pregnant patients with blood pressure of 120-139/80-89 at <15 weeks. The control group consists of pregnant patients with blood pressure <120/80 at <15 weeks. Outcome measures included development of hypertensive disease: Gestational hypertension and/ or Preeclampsia as the primary outcome and preterm delivery (PTL), lower birth weight (LBW), APGARS & admission to NICU as a secondary outcome. Comparisons between the two groups were accomplished using Fisher exact test & two-sample t-tests for comparing birth weight means. Logistic regression was used to obtain Odd Ratios while linear regression was used for adjusting of confounding variants. RESULTS: A total of 346 patients were eligible to be included in the study with 108 cases and 111 in the control group. The outcome measures analyzed resulted in poorer results being associated with the study group compared with control as follows: 15.9% vs. 0.9% (p<0.0001) for gestational hypertension, respectively 19.4% vs. 10% (P=0.0043) for gestational diabetes 12% vs. 5% (P=0.3567) for preterm labor 30% vs. 13 % (P=0.0031) for admission to the NICU, 7.4 % vs. 0.9% (P=0.001), for APGARS less than 9 at 5 minutes On admission mean SBP and DBP was 130 and 76 mmHg, respectively, in the study group, compared to 120 and 70 mmHg in the control group. CONCLUSION: Gestational Pre-hypertension may be a real pregnancy condition that when is recognized, physician attention, patient close monitoring during prenatal care and delivery and early intervention in patients at risk, may all promote improved pregnancy outcome.
Twin pregnancy does not increase the risk for long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity; OBJECTIVE: Twin pregnancy increases the risk for short term maternal morbidities such as hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes mellitus. We sought to investigate whether twin pregnancy increases the risk for long-term maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD). STUDY DESIGN: A population-based study compared the incidence of long-term CVD in a cohort of women with and without a previous twin delivery. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988-2012, with a mean follow-up duration of 11.2 years. CVD was divided into 4 categories according to severity and type including simple and complex CVD (eg, angina pectoris and congestive heart failure, respectively), and invasive and noninvasive cardiac procedures (eg, insertion of a stent and a treadmill stress test, respectively). Kaplan- Meier survival curve was used to estimate cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations. Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the adjusted hazard ratios (HR) for CVD. RESULTS: During the study period there were 100,387 women that met the inclusion criteria, 4.6% (n=4,647) occurred in patient who delivered twins at least once. No significant difference was noted in the cumulative incidence of cardiovascular hospitalizations among women who had twin deliveries as compare with singletons, using a Kaplan-Meier survival curve (Figure). Patients following twin delivery did not have higher rates of longterm CVD (Table). When performing a Cox proportional hazard model, adjusted for diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders and obesity, a history of twin delivery did not increase the risk for long-term maternal cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted HR=1.0, 95% CI 0.8-1.1, P=0.698). However, recurrent episodes of twin delivery increased the risk for noninvasive cardiac procedures (2.7% in patients having twins more than once vs. 0.8% in patients following one twin pregnancy, vs. 1.0% in patients following singletons; P=0.031). CONCLUSION: Twin pregnancy does not increase the risk for longterm maternal CVD. (Figure presented).
Gender differences in intrapartum electronic fetal monitoring (EFM); OBJECTIVE: Intrinsic fetal characteristics influence fetal monitoring parameters, yet all EFM patterns are interpreted with the same system. We aimed to estimate gender differences in EFM patterns in term gestations. STUDY DESIGN: We conducted a prospective cohort study of consecutive, singleton, non-anomalous, term (≥ 37 week) gestations that labored during admission. Gender was defined by the attending neonatologist at time of birth. Trained research nurses, blind to gender and clinical outcomes, abstracted 2008 NICHD and nontraditional (total area of deceleration) EFM characteristics in the 30 minutes prior to delivery. Logistic regression models estimated adjusted risks for the different EFM patterns by gender, adjusting for macrosomia, nulliparity, mode of delivery, and maternal fever. To further estimate the impact of gender, we limited the analysis to apparently normal gestations without any one of: arterial cord pH <7.20, 5 minute Apgar <7, or NICU admission. RESULTS: Of 2639 deliveries, 1400 (53%) were male. Baseline bradycardia, tachycardia, NICHD category, and variability did not differ significantly between genders. Male fetuses had higher number of decelerations (median [interquartile range]: 8 [5, 11] vs. 7 [4, 10], p<0.003) and increased total deceleration area (aOR 1.11, 95% CI 1.04, 1.18) compared to female fetuses. Male fetuses were at increased risk for prolonged decelerations (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.03, 1.42) and repetitive variable decelerations (aOR 1.24, 95% CI 1.05, 1.47). Even amongst neonates without composite morbidity (n=2446, 92.7%), male gender conferred an increased risk of late decelerations (aOR 1.21, 95% CI 1.02, 1.43) and increased total deceleration area (aOR 1.12, 95% CI 1.05, 1.20). CONCLUSION: There are significant gender differences in EFM patterns at term, which are not explained by fetal acidemia or other clinical factors. This suggests that interpretation of EFM patterns may need to take into account factors such as fetal gender. (Table presented).
Very advanced maternal age (45+ years) and associated obstetrical morbidities; OBJECTIVE: To describe trends over time and identify antepartum and delivery-related morbidities of very advanced maternal age (VAMA) pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: This is a retrospective cohort study using all California deliveries from 2001-2009. We defined the VAMA cohort as those deliveries to a subject aged >=45 years. Comparisons were made against subjects aged <45 years. We used a logistic regression model to control for confounders. RESULTS: Of 4.4 million deliveries during the study period, 8,680 were to VAMA subjects, giving a prevalence of 1 in 510 cases. The incidence of VAMA deliveries increased over time, from 1.7 per 1,000 deliveries in 2001 to 2.3 per 1,000 in 2009. VAMA subjects had higher rates of pre-existing diabetes, cardiac disease, asthma, obesity, thyroid disease, and chronic hypertension. VAMA subjects had more than a 7-fold higher rate of multiple gestations (15.1%) compared to their younger counterparts (1.9%). They also had significantly higher rates of placenta previa (OR 3.57, 95% CI 3.15-4.04), gestational diabetes (OR 2.75, 95% CI 2.60- 2.92), severe preeclampsia (OR 2.49, 95% CI 2.19-2.82), stillbirth (OR 2.00, 95% CI 1.65-2.41), abruption (OR 1.80, 95% CI 1.54- 2.09), fetal growth restriction (OR 1.33, 95% CI 1.16-1.52), and preterm delivery (OR 1.22, 95% CI 1.14-1.31). Cesarean deliveries were performed in more than half of VAMA subjects (52.1%) versus 28.9% of non-VAMA subjects. There were higher risks of failed induction (OR 1.70, 95% CI 1.49-1.95), failed operative vaginal delivery (OR 2.27, 95% CI 1.86-2.76), and postpartum hemorrhage (OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.28-1.59). There was an 8-fold higher risk of hysterectomy (OR 7.92, 95% CI 5.67-11.05) as well as higher odds of maternal death (OR 2.76, 95% CI 1.01-7.56). CONCLUSION: VAMA subjects have worse pre-pregnancy health and their pregnancies are complicated by increased obstetrical morbidity across the board. These findings should be an integral part of discussion with a VAMA subject during pre-conception or prenatal counseling. (Figure presented).
Maternal serum galectin-3 is correlated with obesity; OBJECTIVE: Galectin-3 is a novel biomarker that is indicative of inflammation, cardiac remodeling and heart failure. We sought to evaluate the correlation between obesity and serum levels of galectin- 3 among healthy pregnant women. STUDY DESIGN: We performed a nested case cohort study of healthy women recruited at >34 weeks into a protocol to study blood volume. Women with chronic hypertension and gestational diabetes were excluded. Participants underwent measurement of maternal body composition using air displacement plethysmography (Bodpod). Fasting serum was collected, stored at -80C, and analyzed in duplicate for levels of galectin-3. Data were analyzed using chi square, Mann Whitney U test and Spearman's correlation. P<0.05 was considered significant. RESULTS: The cohort consisted of 30 normal weight (BMI<30 kg/ m2) and 30 obese (≥30 kg/m2) women. Obese gravidas when compared to normal weight gravidas were similar in age (26 ± 1.1 vs. 24 ± 1.07 years, p=0.24) but had a higher pregravid BMI (41 ± 4 vs. 22 ± 2 kg/m2, p = 0.001), study visit BMI (42 ± 4 vs. 27 ± 2 kg/m2, p = 0.001), and fat body mass (43.8±4.8 vs. 27.8±5.2%, p<0.001). The mean galectin-3 levels for the cohort was 6.03±1.7 ng/ml. Obese women had higher serum levels of galectin-3 (6.5±0.29 vs. 5.5±0.33 ng/ml, p=0.02). Galectin-3 levels were significantly correlated with prepregnancy BMI (r=.34, p=0.008) and study visit BMI (r=.35, p=0.009) but not with maternal fat body mass (r=.229, p=.108). In our cohort, 8% of the subjects had galectin-3 levels > 14 ng/ml, indicating higher risk for cardiovascular disease. These women were all African-American (compared to 53% African-American of the remaining subjects). They were also older (30±3.2 years vs. 25± 0.7, p=0.07) but this did not reach significance and were similar in BMI (31± 1.5 vs. 30.6±3.1, p=0.9). CONCLUSION: Galectin-3 is found in the serum of pregnant women and appears to be correlated with obesity. Further larger studies can help delineate the utility of galectin-3 in the assessment of cardiac function among pregnant women. (Table presented).
34th Annual Meeting of the Society for Maternal-Fetal Medicine: The Pregnancy Meeting; The proceedings contain 833 papers. The topics discussed include: epigenetics and microRNA as a unifying mechanism in severe preeclampsia; perinatal pharmacokinetics of azithromycin for cesarean prophylaxi; progression of ultrasound findings of fetal syphilis following maternal treatment; effect of lactation on maternal postpartum cardiometabolic statusea murine mode; medical and pregnancy complications among women with congenital heart disease at delivery; the relationship between cesarean delivery skin incision type and wound complications in women with morbid obesity; the joint effects of pre-pregnancy body mass index (ppBMI) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on pregnancy outcomes and inpatient healthcare costs in Florida, 2004-2009; prepregnancy obesity and the risk of cause-specific stillbirth; and first trimester placental and myometrial blood perfusion measured by 3D power Doppler in term and preterm preeclampsia.
A case of heterotaxy syndrome in one twin of a monochorionic monoamniotic pair; Case Report: Right-sided isomerism, one of the heterotaxy syndromes, is a rare birth defect resulting from embryonic disruption of left-right axis determination. It is marked by cardiac defects, situs inversus or ambiguous, asplenia, midline liver, and other anomalies. We describe phenotypic discordance for right-sided isomerism in monozygotic twins. A 30 year old G2P1, pregnant with monochorionic monoamniotic twins, was found on routine prenatal ultrasound to have evidence of heterotaxy syndrome in only one of the twins. The liver of this twin was midline, stomach was right-sided, and the heart had multiple anomalies. Her pregnancy was otherwise notable only for development of diet-controlled gestational diabetes. She was admitted at 28 weeks for continuous monitoring given her risk of cord accident. She went into spontaneous preterm labor at 32 weeks and 5 days gestation, and was delivered via cesarean. The affected twin weighed 1510 grams, and her twin weighed 1870 grams. Postnatal abdominal ultrasound showed a leftsided liver, right-sided stomach, and absent spleen. Echocardiogram showed pulmonary atresia, a common atrium, double-outlet right ventricle with ventricular septal defect, right-sided aortic arch, and left-sided superior and inferior vena cava. Head ultrasound was normal. The neonate is now 10 days old, and genetic work up thus far has included a normal microarray. She remains in the intensive care nursery for monitoring of her cardiac status, respiratory distress, and prematurity. Cardiology ismaking plans for surgical correction of her cardiac anomalies. Phenotypic discordance inmonozygotic twins has been described in several conditions in which epigenetic and/or environmental factors are considered pathogenically important, such as gastroschisis and syndromes including Beckwith-Wiedemann, Goldenhar, and Klippel-Feil. Postulated mechanisms include epigenetic factors such as imprinting, skewed X-inactivation, post-zygotic mutation or mosaicism, and environmental influences. Interestingly, laterality defects are more prevalent in the right-sided twin of conjoined twins, and the twinning process is thought to influence laterality. Although most cases of heterotaxy are sporadic, phenotypic discordance in monozygotic twins is likely to result from a multifactorial process.
Maternal gestational pemphigoid and or diabetes leading to fetal thrombotic vasculopathy, cerebral white matter injury and spastic tetraparesis; Introduction: Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy (FTV) within the placenta can be associated with cerebral white matter damage in the fetus and cerebral palsy. FTV is associated with diabetes, maternal coagulopatheis, umbilical cord lesions, and inflammatory conditions. We present a case in a mother with diabetes and acute onset gestational pemphigoid. Case Description: A baby boy was born at 32+5 weeks gestational age to unrelated Caucasian parents. The mother had diabetes, controlled with insulin during pregnancy. At 32 weeks gestation, the mother developed an itchy bullous rash. Gestational pemphigoid was diagnosed. Five days later an emergency caesarean section was performed for poor cardiotocographic tracings and absent end diastolic flow. Birth weight was on the 91st centile. The baby did not require resuscitation received 2 days CPAP support, and developed bilateral clonic seizures with apnoea on day seven. Investigations for infection and metabolic conditions were negative. An early cranial ultrasound scan was reported normal, but subsequent review showed some areas of possible abnormality in the same region as bilateral cystic damage to the cerebral white matter on day 19 MR imaging. He subsequently developed spastic tetraparesis and bilateral sensorineural hearing loss. Discussion: Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy is seen in around 4.5% of uncomplicated pregnancies and 10% of plancetae from diabetic mothers. It can be associated with adverse fetal outcome. Pemphigoid is an autoimmune condition in which circulating IgG antibodies affect basal membranes in the skin and placenta. This can lead to stillbirth, preterm delivery, although normal outcome is also described. It can recur in subsequent pregnancies. We postulate that the severe neurological outcome in our case may have resulted from the combination of diabetes and pemphigoid, and may have been an acute event because the neuroimaging findings suggest these lesions were evolving, possibly related to the onset of pemphigoid at 32 weeks.
Cardiac malformations in neonates born from mothers with gestational diabetes; Background Gestational diabetes (GD) and diabetes type 2 (DT2) during pregnancy have been linked to a possible alteration of cardiovascular outcome in neonates. The exact mechanisms of this are not fully understood yet but probably involve activation of systemic and myocardial growth factor signalling pathways. Recently, definition of GD has been revised with the result of an increase of documented cases, requiring or not treatment by diet or insulin. In this study, we aimed at investigating the effect of GD on cardiac outcome in neonates. Methods 237 neonates born in our institution were prospectively enrolled. 110 were born from a mother with-and 127 from a mother without GD. The latest were examined due to clinical suspicion of cardiac disease (heart murmur, cyanosis or respiratory distress). Transthoracic standardized echocardiography was performed with complete structural analysis and measurements of diastolic septal- (IVSd) and left ventricular wall thickness (LVWTd), aortic- (VAmax), pulmonary-(PVmax) and aortic arch (DAomax) flow velocities, respectively. Patency of the foramen ovale, of the ductus arteriosus, tricuspidal insufficiency grade I and flow acceleration over one or both pulmonary arteries < 2 m/sec. were considered normal. Results Gestational age and age at examination were similar in both groups. There was no difference between GD- and control group with respect to IVSd, LVWTd, VAmax. PVmax was significantly higher in GD group than in controls (P < 0,005). 54/237 neonates showed structural cardiac anomaly, 18/110 belonging to GD- and 36/127 to control group, respectively (p = NS). GD group encountered for 0/13 of patients with isolated VSD, 13/27 with isolated ASD, 4/6 with myocardial and/or septal hypertrophy and 1/8 with miscellaneous anomalies (mitral insufficiency grade I). Conclusions Our study shows that, compared with selected symptomatic neonates screened for suspicion of congenital cardiac defect, neonates born from mothers with GD present with a similar incidence of structural cardiac defects, especially with ASD with left-to right shunt and myocardial hypertrophy. Further studies are needed in order to clarify the intracellular pathways stimulated by metabolic dysbalance involved.
33rd Annual Scientific Meeting of Belgian Society of Cardiology; The proceedings contain 51 papers. The special focus in this conference is on Cardiology. The topics include: The management of newly diagnosed atrial fibrillation in Belgium; duty-cycled multi-electrode RF versus irrigated point-by-point RF for ablation of recurrent atrial fibrillation; a family with recurrent sudden death; pulmonary vein isolation using a novel multi-electrode circular catheter; episodes of subclinical atrial tachyarrhythmia are not associated with worse outcome in cardiac resynchronization therapy patients; contact force sensing open irrigated catheter reduces by half the early recurrence of atrial fibrillation after pulmonary veins isolation for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation; partial or complete isolation of the left atrial posterior wall increase drastically the absence of AF recurrence after an index ablation for persistent atrial fibrillation; right ventricular fatigue developing during endurance exercise; myocardial inflammation in experimental acute right ventricular failure. effects of epoprostenol infusion; endothelin-1 contributes to the down regulation of the BMPR2 signalling observed in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension; pulmonary vasoreactivity in spontaneously hypertensive rats; high fidelity simulation is useful to improve resuscitation skills in paediatric cardiology; myocardial expression of cytokines influence post-operative outcome after cardiac surgery for congenital cardiac defects; 20-year single centre experience of heart transplantation in children and adolescents; introduction of a heart failure nurse for the support of in-hospital management of mainly elderly patients with acute HF results in a shorter hospitalisation duration, a higher prescription of evidence based medication and a better outcome after 1 year follow-up; the impact of left ventricle assist device on microvascular function; galectin-3 testing with the Vidas® assay in patients with heart failure; novel urinary biomarkers in detecting acute kidney injury, persistent renal impairment and all-cause mortality following decongestive therapy in acute decompensated heart failure; implementation of transmural disease management in patients admitted with advanced heart failure; uptitration of neurohumoral blockers in hospitalized heart failure patients with reduced versus preserved ejection fraction; 3-year clinical follow-up of the PYTON (Prospective Evaluation of the TRYTON Side-Branch Stent TMwith an additional XIENCE-VTM Everolimus-Eluting Stent in Coronary Bifurcation Lesions) study; drug-eluting versus bare-metal stents after rotational atherectomy; multidimensional geriatric assessment in patients (> 75 years) suffering from severe, symptomatic aortic valve stenosis; interstrut cavities are associated with delayed vessel wall healing in biolimus- and everolimus-eluting stents; evaluation of peri-strut low intensity areas after biolimus--and everolimus-eluting stent implantation; adiponectin and ischemia-reperfusion injury in ST elevation myocardial infarction; a useful tool for discriminating between anterior infarction and transient left ventricular ballooning syndrome; improvement prehospital and inhospital delays before PCI for STEMI in a rural area over a 15-year period; functional performance and quality of life in highrisk comorbid patients undergoing transcatheter aortic valve implantation for symptomatic aortic valve stenosis; a simple clinical test to predict clopidogrel resistance; features of myocardial infarction in young patients; primary percutaneous coronary intervention in coronary artery bypass graft patients; comparison of temporal trends in mortality rates of cardiovascular origin in Belgium and in the ICAPROS area; drug-eluting stents for the treatment of pulmonary vein stenosis after atrial fibrillation ablation; cardiac malformations in neonates born from mothers with gestational diabetes; percutaneous left atrial appendage closure with the AmplatzerTM cardiac plug; functional impact of transmitral gradients at rest and during exercise after restrictive annuloplasty for ischemic mitral regurgitation; tricuspid annuloplasty concomitant with mitral valve surgery; reference values for the oxygen uptake efficiency slope in healthy men and women aged 20-60 years; huge multiple myxoma of the right ventricle revealed by right heart failure (about a case); ewing sarcoma invading the right atrium (about a single case); low gradient severe aortic stenosis in octogenarian patients with preserved ejection fraction; left atrium function in normal subjects, assessed by mitral annulus speckle tracking; acute exposure to diesel exhaust increases pulmonary arterial resistance but does not enhance pulmonary hypoxic vasoconstriction; retrospective analysis of treatment of hyperkalemia and prospective evaluation of the impact of remote monitoring to follow patient with implantable device in the routine practice of an electrophysiological centre.
Efficacy and safety of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate in pregnancy for the prevention of vertical transmission of HBV infection; Aim: To evaluate the effects of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (TDF) use during late pregnancy to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) transmission in highly viremic mothers. Methods: This retrospective study included 45 pregnant patients with hepatitis B e antigen (+) chronic hepatitis B and HBV DNA levels > 107 copies/mL who received TDF 300 mg/d from week 18 to 27 of gestation (n = 21). Untreated pregnant patients served as controls (n = 24). All infants received 200 IU of hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) within 24 h postpartum and 20 μg of recombinant HBV vaccine at 4, 8, and 24 wk. Perinatal transmission rate was determined by hepatitis B surface antigen and HBV DNA results in infants at week 28. Results: At week 28, none of the infants of TDFtreated mothers had immunoprophylaxis failure, whereas 2 (8.3 %) of the infants of control mothers had immunoprophylaxis failure (P = 0.022). There were no differences between the groups in terms of adverse events in mothers or congenital deformities, gestational age, height, or weight in infants. At postpartum week 28, significantly more TDF-treated mothers had levels of HBV DNA < 250 copies/mL and normalized alanine aminotransferase compared with controls (62% vs none, P < 0.001; 82% vs 61%, P = 0.012, respectively). Conclusion: TDF therapy during the second or third trimester reduced perinatal transmission rates of HBV and no adverse events were observed in mothers or infants. © 2013 Baishideng Publishing Group Co., Limited. All rights reserved.
Similar adverse pregnancy outcome in native and nonnative dutch women with pregestational type 2 diabetes: A multicentre retrospective study; Objective. To assess the incidence of adverse pregnancy outcome in native and nonnative Dutch women with pregestational type 2 diabetes (T2D) in a multicenter study in The Netherlands. Methods. Maternal characteristics and pregnancy outcome were retrospectively reviewed and the influence of ethnicity on outcome was evaluated using independent t-test, Mann-Whitney U-test, and chi-square test. Results. 272 pregnant women (80 native and 192 non-native Dutch) with pregestational T2D were included. Overall outcome was unfavourable, with a perinatal mortality of 4.8%, major congenital malformations of 6.3%, preeclampsia of 11%, preterm birth of 19%, birth weight >90th percentile of 32%, and a Caesarean section rate of 42%. In nonnative Dutch women, the glycemic control was slightly poorer and the gestational age at booking somewhat later as compared to native Dutch women. However, there were no differences in incidence of preeclampsia/HELLP, preterm birth, perinatal mortality, macrosomia, and congenital malformations between those two groups. Conclusions. A high incidence of adverse pregnancy outcomes was found in women with pregestational T2D, although the outcome was comparable between native and non-native Dutch women. This suggests that easy access to and adequate participation in the local health care systems contribute to these comparable outcomes, offsetting potential disadvantages in the non-native group. © 2013 Bart Groen et al.
Elevated plasma SPARC levels are associated with insulin resistance, dyslipidemia, and inflammation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Recent studies suggested that secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC), a novel adipokine, is a key player in the pathology of obesity and type 2 diabetes. We aimed to determine whether concentrations of SPARC were altered in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) compared to normal glucose tolerance (NGT) controls and to investigate the relationships between SPARC and metabolic parameters in pregnant women. Design/Methods: Cross-sectional study of 120 pregnant women with GDM and 60 controls with NGT, in a university hospital setting. Plasma levels of SPARC, adiponectin, fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21), insulin and proinsulin were determined by ELISA. Results: GDM women had higher SPARC and lower adiponectin than NGT subjects; no difference was found in FGF21. SPARC levels were the lowest in subjects in the third tertile of insulin sensitivity index (ISIOGTT) and correlated positively with pre-pregnant BMI, insulin and 3 h glucose during 100-g OGTT, HOMA-IR, fasting proinsulin, hsCRP and white blood cells count, and negatively with ISIOGTT, when adjusting for gestational age. Triglyceride (TG), Apolipoprotein A1, apolipoprotein B and lipoprotein (a) correlated with SPARC in partial Pearson correlation. Correlations between SPARC with adiponectin, systolic blood pressure and TG were marginally significant in partial Spearman correlation analysis. In multivariate regression analysis, SPARC was an independent negative indicator of ISIOGTT. Conclusions: SPARC levels are correlated significantly with inflammation and may also be correlated with dyslipidemia and represent an independent determinant of insulin resistance in late pregnancy, indicating a potential role of SPARC in the pathophysiology of GDM. © 2013 Xu et al.
Alterations in physiology and anatomy during pregnancy; Pregnant women undergo profound anatomical and physiological changes so that they can cope with the increased physical and metabolic demands of their pregnancies. The cardiovascular, respiratory, haematological, renal, gastrointestinal and endocrine systems all undergo important physiological alterations and adaptations needed to allow development of the fetus and to allow the mother and fetus to survive the demands of childbirth. Such alterations in anatomy and physiology may cause difficulties in interpreting signs, symptoms, and biochemical investigations, making the clinical assessment of a pregnant woman inevitably confusing but challenging. Understanding these changes is important for every practicing obstetrician, as the pathological deviations from the normal physiological alterations may not be clear-cut until an adverse outcome has resulted. Only with a sound knowledge of the physiology and anatomy changes can the care of an obstetric parturient be safely optimized for a better maternal and fetal outcome.© 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Vitamin D: Hero or hype; In recent years, vitamin D deficiency has been implicated, by predominantly observational studies, in a wide variety of ailments including skeletal disease, cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes, mental and neurologic disorders, and various etiologies of adverse pregnancy outcome. The following is a review of the physiology of vitamin D, clinical signs and symptoms of inadequate and excessive vitamin D, and the literature purporting its many presumed health benefits.Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists, family physiciansLearning Objectives: After completing this CME activity, physicians should be better able to explain how vitamin D is utilized and critically analyze the multiple health claims of vitamin D. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Glycaemic control in the perioperative period; The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the potential for perioperative dysglycaemia (hyperglycaemia, hypoglycaemia, stress-induced hyperglycaemia, or glucose variability) continue to increase dramatically. The majority of investigations on perioperative glycaemic control focused on critically ill patients and concentrated on goals of therapy, level of intensity of insulin infusion, feeding regimes, concerns over hypoglycaemia, and promulgation of recent guidelines calling for less strict glucose control. Areas of perioperative glycaemic control that deserve further investigation include preoperative identification of patients with undiagnosed type 2 diabetes and other forms of dysglycaemia, determination of appropriate intraoperative glucose goals, and establishment of the impact and natural history of perioperative abnormalities in glucose homeostasis. In the heterogeneous adult perioperative population, it is unlikely that one standard of perioperative glycaemic control is appropriate for all patients. This review presents recent evidence and expert guidance to aid preoperative assessment, intraoperative management, and postoperative care of the dysglycaemic adult patient. © 2013 © The Author [2013]. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Journal of Anaesthesia. All rights reserved. For Permissions, please email: journals.permissions@oup.com.
Gestational diabetes mellitus impairs nrf2-mediated adaptive antioxidant defenses and redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in utero; In utero exposure to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life, yet the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated. We examined the effects of GDM on the proteome, redox status, and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)-mediated antioxidant gene expression in human fetal endothelial cells. Proteomic analysis revealed that proteins involved in redox homeostasis were significantly altered in GDM and associated with increased mitochondrial superoxide generation, protein oxidation, DNA damage, and diminished glutathione (GSH) synthesis. In GDM cells, the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) failed to induce nuclear Nrf2 accumulation and mRNA and/or protein expression of Nrf2 and its target genes NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1), Bach1, cystine/glutamate transporter, and glutamate cysteine ligase. Although methylation of CpG islands in Nrf2 or NQO1 promoters was unaltered by GDM, decreased DJ-1 and increased phosphorylated glycogen synthase kinase 3b levels may account for impaired Nrf2 signaling. HNE-induced increases in GSH and NQO1 levels were abrogated by Nrf2 small interfering RNA in normal cells, and overexpression of Nrf2 in GDM cells partially restored NQO1 induction. Dysregulation of Nrf2 in fetal endothelium may contribute to the increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in offspring. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Cardiac function in offspring of women with diabetes using fetal ECG, umbilical cord blood pro-BNP, and neonatal interventricular septal thickness; Objective: Increased pro-brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) concentrations in newborns of diabetic women are associated with fetal stress, and fetal ECG changes often occur in labor in diabetic women. These findings could reflect a degree of fetal cardiomyopathy. We aimed to explore possible relations between serological and morphological markers of cardiac dysfunction and abnormal changes on fetal ECGs during labor and delivery in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. Materials and methods: Pregnant women with diabetes (30 type 1, nine type 2, and 60 gestational diabetes) and their newborn offspring were included prospectively. Umbilical cord blood pro-BNP concentrations were measured immediately after delivery (n= 68) and echocardiography was performed in the newborns (n =75). Fetal ECG in combination with cardiotocography, that is STAN technology was also performed during labor. Results: The concentration of umbilical cord blood pro-BNP was associated positively with the neonatal cardiac interventricular septal thickness (P =0.025) and associated negatively with umbilical cord blood pH levels (P = 0.036). Fetal ECG changes (STAN events) were recorded in 22 of 53 labors where STAN was used (42%). No correlation was observed between interventricular septal thickness and STAN events. Conclusion: Increased umbilical cord blood pro-BNP is associated with echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy and with lower umbilical cord blood pH. © 2013 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Can low dose spinal anesthesia combined with ultrasound guided bilateral ilioinguinal-iliohypogastric nerve blocks avoid use of additional epidural catheter in high risk obstetric cases? Our experience from two cases; Critical obstetric cases associated with cardiac pathology may pose real challenge for anaesthesiologist during Caesarean section. Meticulous perioperative care and suitable selection of anaesthesia technique are the key to successful outcome. Single shot spinal anaesthesia is not used any more because of serious haemodynamic consequence. Progressive and controlled epidural local anaesthetic injection is mostly used in such cases. But recently combined spinal epidural anaesthesia and continuous spinal anaesthesia are suggested due to better precise control of haemodynamics and quicker onset. However, institution of such complex technique may require time which may not be feasible in emergency situations. Use of bilateral ilioinguinal-iliohypogastric nerve block along with low dose spinal anaesthesia may obviate the need of additional epidural catheter in such complicated cases. We hereby present our experience from two cases. © Acta Anccsthesiologica, 2013.
Dextro-transposition of the great arteries in a neonate with ventricular septal defect and pulmonary stenosis complicated by premature closure of the ductus arteriosus and possible pathophysiology of both defects; Premature closure of the ductus arteriosus (PCDA) and transposition of the great arteries (TGA) cause persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We present a case of a newborn who demonstrated d-TGA with ventricular septal defect (VSD) and pulmonary stenosis (PS) complicated by PCDA. The neonate showed severe cyanosis resistant to resuscitation soon after birth, and was diagnosed with d-TGA with VSD by echocardiography. PPHN was also suspected based on physical symptoms and results of echocardiography. The neonate was given inhaled nitric oxide, prostaglandin E1, and catecholamines under sedation, and underwent a balloon atrial septostomy (BAS). His condition gradually improved, and he was extubated on day 7, but his pulmonary subvalvular stenosis gradually worsened and pulmonary blood flow was markedly decreased. A second BAS was performed on day 27 and he showed no improvement. Blalock-Taussig shunt surgery was performed on day 34, which markedly improved his condition. The co-existence of d-TGA and PCDA is generally a lethal state. In our patient, an increase in pulmonary blood flow during the fetal period was restricted because of PS and outlet flow from the left ventricle to the right ventricle via the VSD. This restricted blood flow through the ductus arteriosus, which led to narrowing of the DA. At the same time, damage to and constrictive changes of the pulmonary vessels were prevented. The ductus arteriosus should be carefully evaluated to exclude PCDA in cases of d-TGA. The presence of both VSD and PS may be a prognostic factor in such cases. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Interpretation of Chinese Society of Endocrinology consensus statement on hyperglycemia management target in adult inpatients in China; Hyperglycemia of inpatients will increase the incidence of complications, mortality and medical cost, meanwhile prolong the course of hospitalization. A consensus on hyperglycemia management target in adult inpatients is proposed by experts of the Chinese Society of Endocrinology in order to control hyperglycemia of inpatients safely and effectively. Individualization is emphasized in this consensus. Different stratified glycemic targets should be established according to different patients and conditions. Target blood glucose control is unnecessary for diabetic patients during hospital stay. Glycemic decrement should generally not be quick. Hypoglycemia should be avoided as much as possible, and for overweight and obesity individuals, weight gain should be avoided as much as possible also. At the same time, the risks of infection and hyperglycemic crisis must also be avoided due to loose glycemic control. © 2013 Ruijin Hospital, Shanghai Jiaotong University School of Medicine and Wiley Publishing Asia Pty Ltd.
Effects of neonatal programming on hypothalamic mechanisms controlling energy balance; The prevalence of overweight and obesity in most developed countries has markedly increased during the last decades. In addition to genetic, hormonal, and metabolic influences, environmental factors like fetal and neonatal nutrition play key roles in the development of obesity. Interestingly, overweight during critical developmental periods of fetal and/or neonatal life has been demonstrated to increase the risk of obesity throughout juvenile life into adulthood. In spite of this evidence, the specific mechanisms underlying this fetal/neonatal programming are not perfectly understood. However, it is clear that circulating hormones such as insulin and leptin play a critical role in the development and programming of hypothalamic circuits regulating energy balance. Here, we review what is currently known about the impact of perinatal malnutrition on the mechanisms regulating body weight homeostasis. Understanding these molecular mechanisms may provide new targets for the treatment of obesity. © 2013 Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Fetal and neonatal atrial arrhythmias: An association with maternal diabetes and neonatal macrosomia; Objective: To determine if the incidence of maternal diabetes mellitus or neonatal macrosomia is more frequent in fetuses and neonates with atrial arrhythmias than the general population. Methods: Fetuses and neonates <30days of age with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia and structurally normal hearts were identified retrospectively through the cardiology databases. Electrocardiograms, echocardiograms, and medical records of mothers and infants were reviewed. Results: Thirty-one patients (15 fetuses, 12 diagnosed in-utero) were identified. Infants with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia were more likely to be macrosomic or to be born to diabetic mothers than the general population. Two had left atrial dimension z-scores above +2, and two had interventricular thickness z-scores above +2. Eighteen of 19 had abnormal mitral E/A ratios, suggesting left ventricular diastolic dysfunction. Conclusions: Fetuses and neonates with atrial flutter or ectopic atrial tachycardia were more likely to be macrosomic or be born to diabetic mothers than the general population. Postnatal echocardiography suggests that there may be abnormal diastolic left ventricular filling in some babies with these arrhythmias. Independent of ventricular hypertrophy, we speculate that isolated, non-recurrent fetal or neonatal atrial flutter, or ectopic atrial tachycardia may be caused by cardiac diastolic dysfunction and atrial stretch in utero. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Novel mutations in ADAMTSL2 gene underlying geleophysic dysplasia in families from United Arab Emirates; BACKGROUND: Geleophysic dysplasia (GD) is an autosomal recessive disorder characterized by short stature, brachydactyly, stiff joints, thick skin, and cardiac valvular abnormalities that are often responsible for early death. Mutations in ADAMTSL2 and FBN1 genes have been shown to cause GD due to the dysregulation of transforming growth factor-β signaling pathways. Small numbers of mutations in ADAMTSL2 have been reported so far in patients with GD type 1 (GD1). METHODS: In this study, we clinically evaluated two children from two consanguineous Arab families living in the United Arab Emirates with GD1. In addition we have sequenced all the coding exons of ADAMTSL2 gene using Sanger sequencing. RESULTS: The two patients exhibited most of the typical features of this rare bone dysplasia. Molecular analysis of the ADAMTSL2 gene revealed two novel homozygous missense mutations (c.938T>C, p.M313T and c.499G>A, p.D167N). The mutations segregated well in the studied families with the parents being heterozygous. In addition, bioinformatics analyses showed that these mutations are affecting conserved amino acids residues and thus strongly support their pathogenicity. CONCLUSION: We describe the clinical phenotypes of two patients with GD1 that are caused by two novel homozygous missense mutations in the ADAMTSL2 gene. Birth Defects Research (Part A), 97:764-769, 2013. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Evaluating the fetus at risk for cardiopulmonary compromise; The in-utero environment is relatively hypoxic, but fetal physiologic adaptation assures adequate tissue oxygen supply. Fetal reactions to acute or chronic hypoxia are different and are modified by the preceding fetal condition. Acute fetal hypoxia episodes are often not preventable. By contrast, good obstetric care during labor may prevent poor fetal outcome in many cases of acute fetal hypoxia. The pathophysiology of chronic fetal hypoxia caused by placental insufficiency differs from chronic fetal hypoxia seen during the last weeks of diabetic pregnancies. The efficacy of antenatal fetal surveillance methods in preventing perinatal complications is different in these two conditions. Electronic fetal heart rate testing and Doppler flow assessment methods have been successful in detecting chronic fetal hypoxia caused by placental insufficiency. However, these methods have been unable to prevent chronic fetal hypoxia complications in diabetic pregnancies. Therefore, research to find new strategies and early and reliable biomarkers is necessary to assess fetal well-being and to decide when to deliver the fetus. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
The role of lactation in GDM women; Lactating women exhibit more favorable blood glucose and insulin profiles, as well as increased insulin sensitivity than nonlactating women. Yet, much less is known about whether these favorable effects on metabolic risk factors persist long-term among women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The evidence that lactation reduces incident type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy is limited and inconsistent. Well-controlled, prospective studies that measure lactation intensity and duration, and comprehensively screen for postpartum glucose tolerance are needed to conclusively determine whether lactation can lead to reduced risk of type 2 diabetes after GDM pregnancy. © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Associations of maternal 25-hydroxyvitamin D in pregnancy with offspring cardiovascular risk factors in childhood and adolescence: Findings from the avon longitudinal study of parents and children; Objective: Lower maternal vitamin D status in pregnancy may be associated with increased offspring cardiovascular risk in later life, but evidence for this is scant. We examined associations of maternal total 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) in pregnancy with offspring cardiovascular risk factors assessed in childhood and adolescence. Design: A longitudinal, prospective study. Setting: The study was based on data from mother- offspring pairs in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parentsand Children (ALSPAC), a UK prospective population-based birth cohort (N=4109). Outcome measures: Offspring cardiovascular risk factors were measured in childhood (mean age 9.9 years) and in adolescence (mean age 15.4 years): blood pressure, lipids, apolipoproteins (at 9.9 years only), glucose and insulin (at 15.4 years only), C reactive protein (CRP), and interleukin 6 (at 9.9 years only) were measured. Results: After adjustments for potential confounders (maternal age, education, body mass index (BMI), smoking, physical activity, parity, socioeconomic position, ethnicity, and offspring gestational age at 25(OH)D sampling; gender, age, and BMI at outcome assessment), maternal 25(OH)D was inversely associated with systolic blood pressure (-0.48 mm Hg difference per 50 nmol/L increase in 25(OH)D; 95% CI -0.95 to -0.01), Apo-B (-0.01 mg/dL difference; 95% CI -0.02 to -0.001), and CRP (-6.1% difference; 95% CI -11.5% to -0.3%) at age 9.9 years. These associations were not present for risk factors measured at 15.4 years, with the exception of a weak inverse association with CRP (-5.5% difference; 95% CI -11.4% to 0.8%). There was no strong evidence of associations with offspring triglycerides, glucose or insulin. Conclusions: Our fi ndings suggest that fetal exposure to 25(OH)D is unlikely to influence cardiovascular risk factors of individuals later in life.
Perinatal nutrition programs the hypothalamic melanocortin system in offspring; Epidemiological studies initially suggested that maternal undernutrition leading to low birth weight may predispose for long-lasting energy balance disorders. High birth weight due to maternal obesity or diabetes, inappropriate early postnatal nutrition, and rapid catch-up growth, may also sensitize to increased risk of obesity. As stated by the Developmental Origin of Health and Disease concept, the perinatal perturbation of fetus/neonate nutrient supply might be a crucial determinant of individual programming of body weight set-point. The hypothalamic melanocortin system composed of the melanocortin receptor 4, its agonist α-melanin-stimulating hormone (α-MSH), and its antagonist agouti-related protein (AgRP) is considered as the main central anorexigenic pathway controlling energy homeostasis. Studies in numerous animal models demonstrated that this system is a prime target of developmental programming by maternal nutritional manipulation. In rodents, the perinatal period of life corresponds largely to the period of brain maturation (i. e., melanocortin neuronal differentiation and development of their neural projections). In contrast, these phenomena essentially take place before birth in bigger mammals. Despite these different developmental time windows, altricial and precocial species share several common offspring programming mechanisms. Offspring from malnourished dams present a hypothalamic melanocortin system with a series of alterations: impaired neurogenesis and neuronal functionality, disorganization of feeding pathways, modified glucose sensing, and leptin/insulin resistance. Overall, these alterations may account for the long-lasting dysregulation of energy balance and obesity. Following maternal malnutrition, hormonal and epigenetic mechanisms might be responsible for melanocortin system programming in offspring. © 2013 Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Healthcare expenses associated with multiple vs singleton pregnancies in the United States; Objective The purpose of this study was to document cost that is associated with multiple births vs singleton births in the United States. Study Design This was a retrospective cohort study that used a claims database. Women 19-45 years old with live-born infants from 2005-2010 were identified. Infant deliveries were identified by International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification diagnosis codes. The cost entailed all payment made by insurers and patients. For mothers, the cost included expenses from 27 weeks before delivery to 1 month after delivery. For infants, the cost contained all expenses until their first birthday. Adjusted cost was estimated by generalized linear models after adjustment for the potential confounding variables with a gamma distribution and a log link. Results The analysis included 437,924 eligible deliveries. Of them, 97.02% were singletons; 2.85% were twins, and 0.13% was triplets or more. Women with multiple pregnancies had higher systemic and localized comorbidities compared with women with singleton pregnancies (P <.0001). Twins and triplets or more were more likely to have stayed in a neonatal intensive care unit than were singletons (P <.0001). On average, adjusted total all-cause health care cost was $21,458 (95% confidence interval [CI], $21,302-21,614) per delivery with singletons, $104,831 (95% CI, $103,402-106,280) with twins, and $407,199 (95% CI, $384,984-430,695) with triplets or more. Conclusion Pregnancies with the delivery of twins cost approximately 5 times as much when compared with singleton pregnancies; pregnancies with delivery of triplets or more cost nearly 20 times as much. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Fetal malnutrition and long-term outcomes.; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally. Copyright © 2013 Nestec Ltd., Vevey/S. Karger AG, Basel.
Low levels of vitamin D in pregnant women with thromboembolism/thrombophilia; Objectives: A vitamin D deficiency in pregnant women could drive to pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes and is associated to thrombophilia. Its deficiency and vitamin D receptor polymorphism are frequent in autoimmune diseases like lupus erythematosus systemic.Besides, antiphospholipid antibodies (antiβ2GPI) are pathogenic and can cause disease interfering with homeostatic reactions of the vascular cells surface and platelets.Vitamin D was able to inhibit the tissue factor expression induced by the anti β2GPI in vitro. It is speculated that vitamin D deficiency in vivo results in inhibition of expression of tissue factors promoting coagulation. Aims: establish the frequency of vitamin D inadequacy among thrombophilic patients from Obstetrics Department Ambulatory, University of Sao Paulo, Brazil. Methods: patients had their 25-hidroxyvitamin D serum levels analyzed by chemo-immunoassay method during three opportunities: without and with 400 UI or 2000 IU per day supplementation when still insufficient. Results: Seventy-six patients were studied. The diagnosis of diseases/ conditions associated most frequently were antiphospholipid antibody syndrome (42.7%), recurrent pregnancy loss(32%), superficial or deep vein thrombosis/ pulmonary embolism (37.3%), increased lipoprotein- A (33.3%), systemic lupus erythematosus (21.3%), deficiency of factor V Leiden (6.7%), protein S/C deficiency (6. 7% each one), mutation of MHFR hetero/ homozygous (6.7%), cerebral thrombosis/ stroke (5.3%). The results of vitamin d level are in Table1 Conclusion: There was a high prevalence of inadequacy of vitamin D in patients with thrombophilic/autoimmunity disorders.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) in infants of mothers with diabetes mellitus (IDMs) can affect up to 75% of fetuses, with 38% showing postnatal echocardiographic findings and 5% demonstrating clinical symptoms. While usually transient, IDMs with poorly controlled diabetes mellitus may suffer significant complications from impaired cardiac function. Aim of the study: to evaluate the relationship between maternal diabetic control during pregnancy and the presence and degree of neonatal myocardial injury. Patients and Methods: We studied 50 full term neonates (30 IDMS and 20 age and sex matched healthy neonates). We excluded neonates with other congenital heart disease. The degree of maternal diabetic control was determined by history and HbA1c during pregnancy. All neonates underwent a thorough clinical assessment, serum blood glucose level, glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), insulin C-Peptide, cardiac troponin I (cTnI) and echocardiographic examination. IDM neonates were reassessed at least 1 month after the initial assessment. Results: Patients had significantly higher HbA1c, C-peptide, blood glucose concentrations, IVS thickness (0.48 ± 0.11 cm vs. 0.4 ± 0.05; p<0.01), IVS z-score, LVPWd, EDV, EF,SV, LV mass (6.43 ± 1.91gmvs 4.89 ± 1.19 gm; p<0.01), and indexed LVd masscompared to controls. There was no significant difference between IDMs of both mothers with controlled and uncontrolled DM as regards echocardiographic parameters, or between infants of mothers with gestational and non-gestational DM. At initial assessment, 9 had combined septal and free wall hypertrophy and 1 had concentric hypertrophy. There was no significant difference between IDMs with myocardial hypertrophy and those without as regards HbA1c, C-peptide or blood glucose. Five patients with initial myocardial hypertrophy were seen at follow up andHCMwas progressivewithout obstruction in 2 patients, regressive inone infant, andcompletely resolved 2 infants. The 2infantswith progressiveHCMshowed complete resolution by 8-12 months of age. Twenty one IDMS had no hypertrophy initially, 6 of who developed septal hypertrophy at follow up.There was no correlation between LV thickness (septal or free wall) or LV mass and any of HbA1c, C peptide or blood glucose level. Conclusion: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in IDMs is not associated with increased cTnI levels. There was no correlation between wall thickness and HbA1c, C peptide or blood sugar levels. The mechanism underlying myocardial hypertrophy in IDMs continues to be poorly understood and warrants further study.
Obstructive sleep apnoea in pregnancy; Background: Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) refers to apnea during sleep despite respiratory effort. Various maternal and fetal complications have been described to be associated with OSA. However large population studies are unavailable to pinpoint exact incidence, causative factors and associated complications. We describe a patient with OSA that we recently managed and attempt to streamline management principles. Case: Of 32-year-old primigravida, BMI 44, known to have OSA on CPAP at night. Antenatal care done jointly with the Respiratory team. GTT at 28 weeks was normal. She had serial growth scans from 28 weeks. At 36 weeks growth tailed off, monitored and induced at term, had a caesarean section for failure to progress at 4 cm. Discharged on day 3 but readmitted with wound infection on day 7. Joint management with tissue viability team resulted in satisfactory wound healing with secondary intent. (Table Presented) Discussion: During pregnancy physical and hormonal alterations affect normal sleep and the respiratory system predisposing women to the development or worsening of pre-existing OSA syndrome. The exact incidence/ prevalence of OSA in pregnancy remains uncertain. Polysomnography (PSG) is the gold standard for diagnosis. Obesity, pregnancy weight gain and increase in neck circumference are risk factors for OSA with the latter independent from body weight being used to predict OSA. Symptoms of OSA include daytime sleepiness, waking unrefreshed, memory/ concentration lapses and personality changes. Maternal complications include pre-eclampsia, pulmonary hypertension, gestational diabetes and preterm birth while fetal complications include reduced movements, growth restriction, low Apgar's and heart rate abnormalities. Questioning at first visit and monitoring for symptoms of snoring might detect early OSA. Pregnant women who are obese or develop hypertension might warrant evaluation for OSA. Management should involve a multidisciplinary team with primary care providers, specialist nurses, obstetricians, anesthetists and respiratory physicians. In the presence of significant OSA or related nocturnal hypoxemia, nasal CPAP is the therapy of choice.
Hyperglycemia rapidly induces fetal cardiac hypertrophy; Introduction: Cardiac hypertrophy is a neonatal complication affecting 10-30% of births from diabetic mothers. Because the energy substrate preference of the fetal heart is carbohydrate, a fuel which is present in only modest amounts in the fetal circulation during a normal pregnancy, it is postulated that hyperglycemia is a direct and indirect anabolic factor for the fetal heart. Methods: To isolate the effects of hyperglycemia, we infused hyperglycemia into the uterine artery blood supply of non-diabetic pregnant rats. The infusion catheter was placed so as to expose only the fetuses on the left but not right uterine horn. Glucose was infused at 4 mg/min starting on gestational day 19. After 24h of infusion, fetal echocardiograms were performed in utero on the right (control) and left-sided (hyperglycemia-exposed) fetal rat pups. The cardiac septal width was measured using direct and m-mode measurements. Fetal blood glucose and insulin levels were measured using standard methods. Results: Pregnant dams remained euglycemic during the infusion, with blood glucose levels of 77+/-3 and 90+/-5 mg/dl at the start and conclusion of the infusion. The left-sided fetal (i.e. hyeprglycemia-infused) blood glucose levels (177mg/dl+/-24mg/dl) were significantly higher than the right-sided fetuses (i.e. control)(60mg/dl+/-6mg/dl)(n=4-5 dams, 20-23 fetuses/side, p<0.001). The left-sided fetuses demonstrated a marked elevation in serum insulin levels (4.9ul/dl) compared to the right-sided fetuses (2.2ul/ dl)(n=4, 10-12 fetuses/side, p<0.03). Cardiac septal width was significantly higher among left-sided (i.e. hyperglycemia-infused) fetuses (0.58mm+/-0.02) compared to the right-sided (0.48mm+/-0.02) fetuses (p<0.005, n=7, 26-28 fetuses/side). By contrast, 24h glucose infusion during late gestation produced a 5+/-2% reduction in fetal weight in left-sided compared to right-sided fetuses (p<0.05, n=8, 44-50 fetuses/ side). Conclusions: We conclude that hyperglycemia exposure is sufficient to rapidly induce septal hypertrophy, despite an overall reduction in fetal growth. These results implicate a direct effect of hyperglycemia on cardiac growth with glucose functioning as both a source of energy and of anabolic precursors.
Understanding perinatal stroke: A study of risk factors; Objective: Cerebral ischemic insults are not uncommon in the perinatal period. Ischemic insults can occur in several forms, including perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS), watershed infarction (WSI) and diffuse hypoxic ischemic injury (HIE). The etiology of PAIS is not well understood. This study examines risk factors associated with HIE and WSI as compared to PAIS. Methods: We conducted a retrospective chart review of all neonates admitted to Inova Fairfax Hospital from 2002 through 2012 with a diagnosis of cerebral ischemic insult, based on search terms “infarct”, “stroke”, “CVA”, and “HIE.” Infants were characterized as having PAIS, WSI or HIE based on clinical history and supportive imaging. Maternal, perinatal and neonatal risk factors for perinatal ischemic events were evaluated. Results: Fifty-six patients with cerebral ischemic insults were identified (PAIS 18, WSI 10, and HIE 28). Across the groups, all risk factors were similarly present, except maternal gestational diabetes and large birth weight (≥97th% for age) were more common in the PAIS group, (P=0.02 and 0.07 respectively). MTHFR deficiency was found in 60% of infants with PAIS and not in any patients with WSI or HIE (P=0.06). Conclusions: In this preliminary uncontrolled study, mothers of infants with PAIS and the infants themselves, had more findings potentially related to risk for thrombotic disease, including maternal gestational diabetes, large birth weight, and infant MTHFR deficiency, when compared to WSI and HIE. This experience indicates the need for a controlled investigation of PAIS risk factors in a large study that includes placental findings.
Severe hypertriglyceridaemia revisited; We describe 3 patients who presented with severe hypertriglyceridaemia (HTG, fasting triglyceride (TG) levels >20mmol/L). A 35 year old Asian presented with mixed hyperlipidaemia with total cholesterol (TC)- 7.1mmol/L and TG of 35.4mmol/L. Clinical examination and abdominal ultrasound showed hepatomegaly. Type-3 hyperlipidaemia and other secondary causes of HTG were excluded. He was started on fenofibrate 267mg OD and Omacor 2g BD. His TG level fell to 22.4mmol/L following which he had acute pancreatitis. A high dose nicotinic acid preparation (Niaspan initially and Tredaptive later) along with atorvastatin 40mg achieved a TG concentration of <12.0mmol/L over many years. Genetic testing confirmed homozygosity for the G215E mutation in the lipoprotein lipase (LPL) gene. A 33 year old Caucasian lady presenting with severe HTG was referred 4 days postpartum. Type-3 hyperlipidaemia was ruled out as well as other secondary causes however she had gestational diabetes. She was put on Omacor 1g BD and her TG dropped to 2.7mmol/l and there were no lifestyle issues. LPL genotyping confirmed heterozygosity for R- 197L:CGT>CTT in exon 5 of LPL. A 47 year old Asian male presented with mixed hyperlipidaemia (TG-14.3, TC-9.3, HDL 0.7, normal fasting glucose and apo E3/E2 phenotype) while being on pravastatin 20mg, Omacor 2g BD and fenofibrate 160mg OD. Lifestyle issues continued to be a problem and further attempts to reduce TG levels with high dose nicotinic acid preparations did not optimize his TG levels which remained >12mmol/L. DNA testing confirmed heterozygosity for V227A mutation in exon-5 of LPL gene. These cases suggest that genetic causes of HTG should be considered in severe HTG cases where multiple drug pharmacotherapy and aggressive dietary modifications fails to optimize TG levels. Some cases will necessitate use of apheresis to reduce the risk of acute pancreatitis especially after the recent withdrawal of nicotinic acid preparations in the UK.
Redox signaling in pathophysiology of hypertension; Reactive oxygen species (ROS) are products of normal cellular metabolism and derive from various sources in different cellular compartments. Oxidative stress resultant from imbalance between ROS generation and antioxidant defense mechanisms is important in pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases, such as hypertension, heart failure, atherosclerosis, diabetes, and cardiac hypertrophy. In this review we focus on hypertension and address sources of cellular ROS generation, mechanisms involved in regulation of radical homeostasis, superoxide dismutase isoforms in pathophysiology of hypertension; as well as radical intracellular signaling and phosphorylation processes in proteins of the affected cardiovascular tissues. Finally, we discuss the transcriptional factors involved in redox-sensitive gene transcription and antioxidant response, as well as their roles in hypertension. © 2013 Majzunova et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Lymphoma occurring during pregnancy: Antenatal therapy, complications, and maternal survival in a multicenter analysis; Purpose: Lymphoma is the fourth most frequent cancer in pregnancy; however, current clinical practice is based largely on small series and case reports. Patients and Methods: In a multicenter retrospective analysis, we examined treatment, complications, and outcomes for Hodgkin lymphoma (HL) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) occurring during pregnancy. Results: Among 90 patients (NHL, n = 50; HL, n = 40), median age was 30 years (range, 18 to 44 years) and median diagnosis occurred at 24 weeks gestation. Of patients with NHL, 52% had advanced-stage versus 25% of patients with HL (P = .01). Pregnancy was terminated in six patients. Among the other 84 patients, 28 (33%) had therapy deferred to postpartum; these patients were diagnosed at a median 30 weeks gestation. This compared with 56 patients (67%) who received antenatal therapy with median lymphoma diagnosis at 21 weeks (P < .001); 89% of these patients received combination chemotherapy. The most common preterm complication was induction of labor (33%). Gestation went to full term in 56% of patients with delivery occurring at a median of 37 weeks. There were no differences in maternal complications, perinatal events, or median infant birth weight based on deferred versus antenatal therapy. At 41 months, 3-year progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) for NHL were 53% and 82%, respectively, and 85% and 97%, respectively, for HL. On univariate analysis for NHL, radiotherapy predicted inferior PFS, and increased lactate dehydrogenase and poor Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status (ECOG PS) portended worse OS. For HL patients, nulliparous status and "B" symptoms predicted inferior PFS. Conclusion: Standard (non-antimetabolite) combination chemotherapy administered past the first trimester, as early as 13 weeks gestation, was associated with few complications and expected maternal survival with lymphoma occurring during pregnancy.
Physical activity and maternal obesity: Cardiovascular adaptations, exercise recommendations, and pregnancy outcomes; Although a healthy lifestyle approach is intuitive for obese pregnant women, no guidelines currently exist to manage these women throughout pregnancy. Women who are medically prescreened for contraindications can engage in a walking program three to four times per week, starting at 25min per session and adding 2min per week until reaching 40min, with sessions continuing until delivery. A target heart rate of 102-124beats per minute should be promoted for women 20-29 years of age and a rate of 101-120beats per minute for women 30-39 years of age. A pedometer step count of 10,000 steps per day is suggested as a goal, as this level of activity provides important health benefits. Combining healthy eating with a walking plan prevents excessive weight gain during pregnancy and promotes a healthy fetal environment. © 2013 International Life Sciences Institute.
Pre-pregnancy overweight overtakes Gestational diabetes as a risk factor for subsequent metabolic syndrome; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with an increased risk of subsequent diabetes and metabolic syndrome (MS). The independent significance of overweight, often associated with GDM, is controversial. This study was aimed to investigate the prevalence of MS and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) values in normal and overweight women with previous insulin-treated GDM and control without GDM 19 years after the index pregnancy. Methods: The study group consisted of 61 women with prior GDM and 55 controls who gave birth in Oulu University Hospital between 1988 and 1993. These women were further divided into subgroups according to pre-pregnancy BMI (<25 or ≥25 kg/m2). In 2008-2010, anthropometrics and blood pressure were measured, blood samples were taken, and an oral glucose tolerance test was performed to investigate the components of MS. CIMT was measured by Doppler ultrasound. Results: Total prevalence of MS was 62% in the GDM group and 31% in the control group (P = 0.001); it was highest (86%) in GDM women with pre-pregnancy overweight. CIMT was significantly thicker (0.67 vs 0.56 mm, P = 0.007) and more often abnormal (71.7 vs 45.3%, P = 0.004) in the GDM group compared with the controls. In logistic regression analysis, the strongest factor predicting MS in the whole study population was pre-pregnancy overweight. Conclusions: Pre-pregnancy overweight was the strongest predictive factor for later MS, whereas GDM indicated increased risk of subsequent diabetes and subclinical atherosclerosis. The risk of MS was highest when both of these factors were present. © 2013 European Society of Endocrinology.
The usefulness of plasma asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) levels and tissue doppler echocardiography for heart function in term infants born to mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to examine whether asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) concentrations are associated with ventricular function in the infants of mothers with gestational diabetes. Method: Twenty-five term newborns of mothers with gestational diabetes and term newborns as the control group (n = 25) with normal general health status were evaluated at two time points, on the 3rd postnatal day, at the 3th months. Echocardiographic evaluations of all participants were performed and ADMA level was measured. Results: In the first analysis, 10 patients (40%) had a septal thickness of 6 mm or more, indicating septal hypertrophy. In the first and second analysis, interventricular septum end-diastolic thickness (IVSTd) and the left ventricular posterior wall end-diastolic thickness (LVPWTd) in the patient group were higher than the control group. ADMA level measurement was not significantly different between the groups the first and second analysis. There was no difference in ADMA levels of the group with septal thickness ≥6 mm and the group with <6 mm. Conclusion: Newborn cardiac wall thickness was increased in pregnancies complicated by Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and the increase was independent of glycemic control. Diastolic newborn cardiac function was impaired in GDM, and this effect was independent of septal thickness. We found no association between ADMA levels and cardiac systolic, diastolic functions or septum thickness in the GDM newborn. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd.
Methylergonovine maleate and the risk of myocardial ischemia and infarction; Objective The purpose of this study was to examine the risks of acute coronary syndrome (ACS) and acute myocardial infarction (AMI) that are associated with methylergonovine maleate (Methergine; Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation, Plantation, FL) use in a large database of inpatient delivery admissions in the United States. Study Design We conducted a retrospective cohort study using data from the Premier Perspective Database and identified 2,233,630 women who were hospitalized for delivery between 2007 and 2011 (approximately one-seventh of all US deliveries during this period). Exposure was defined by a charge code for methylergonovine during the delivery hospitalization. Study outcomes included ACS and AMI. Propensity score matching was used to address potential confounding. Results Methylergonovine was administered to 139,617 patients (6.3%). Overall, 6 patients (0.004%) who were exposed to methylergonovine and 52 patients (0.002%) who were not exposed to methylergonovine had an ACS. Four patients (0.003%) who were exposed to methylergonovine and 44 patients (0.002%) in the not-exposed group had an AMI. After propensity score matching, the relative risk for ACS that was associated with methylergonovine exposure was 1.67 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.40-6.97), and the risk difference was 1.44 per 100,000 patients (95% CI, -2.56 to 5.45); the relative risk for AMI that was associated with methylergonovine exposure was 1.00 (95% CI, 0.20-4.95), and the risk difference was 0.00 per 100,000 patients (95% CI, -3.47 to 3.47). Conclusion Despite studying a very large proportion of US deliveries, we did not find a significant increase in the risk of ACS or AMI in women who received methylergonovine compared with those who did not; estimates were increased only modestly or not at all. The upper limit of the 95% CI of our analysis suggests that treatment with methylergonovine would result in no more than 5 additional cases of ACS and 3 additional cases of AMI per 100,000 exposed patients. © 2013 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and pregnancy: An endocrine society clinical practice guideline; Objective: Our objective was to formulate a clinical practice guideline for the management of the pregnant woman with diabetes. Participants: The Task Force was composed of a chair, selected by the Clinical Guidelines Subcommittee of The Endocrine Society, 5 additional experts, a methodologist, and a medical writer. Evidence: This evidence-based guideline was developed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to describe both the strength of recommendations and the quality of evidence. Consensus Process: One group meeting, several conference calls, and innumerable e-mail communications enabled consensus for all recommendations save one with a majority decision being employed for this single exception. Conclusions: Using an evidence-based approach, this Diabetes and Pregnancy Clinical Practice Guideline addresses important clinical issues in the contemporary management of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes preconceptionally, during pregnancy, and in the postpartum setting and in the diagnosis and management of women with gestational diabetes during and after pregnancy. Copyright © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Indications for cesarean deliveries during a 7-year period in a tertiary hospital; Introduction: To analyze the cesarean section rate evolution in a tertiary hospital and the main indications for cesarean section. Material and Methods: A retrospective study was conducted at a major academic hospital and included 5 751 women who had a cesarean section from 2005 to 2011. The rates of overall, primary and repeat cesarean sections were analyzed. A linear regression and adjusted R-square were used to access the relative contribution of each indication to the variation in primary cesarean section. Results: During the 7-year period of the study the cesarean section rate decreased from 30.9% to 27.6%. This was due to a decrease in primary cesarean section (21.9% to 18.2%), although an increase in repeat cesarean section was observed (9.0% to 9.4%). Among the indications for primary cesarean section, maternal-fetal indications and malpresentation were the ones that decreased the most with adjusted R-square of 0.70 and 0.55, respectively. Discussion: The collected data identified that the decrease in the cesarean section rate at the hospital resulted from a decrease in primary cesarean section deliveries, especially the ones performed for maternal-fetal indications and malpresentation. Conclusion: The decrease in primary cesarean section rate may be attributed to several changes in medical policies in the Department, such as the implementation of an external fetal version program, the induction of labor only after the 41st week of gestation in low-risk pregnancies and the trial for vaginal birth in maternal-fetal disease. Nevertheless subjective indications such as labor arrest disorders and nonreassuring fetal heart rate are still major contributors for primary cesarean section rate. © Ordem dos Médicos 2013.
Pheochromocytoma presenting as persistent hypertension, ECG changes and atrial fibrillation following an induced vaginal delivery; Pheochromocytoma is a rare cause of hypertension in pregnancy and may be difficult to differentiate from pre-eclampsia if hypertension and proteinuria occur. We report a case of pheochromocytoma diagnosed during investigation of persistent hypertension postpartum. A 36 year old female was noted to be persistently hypertensive post-induced vaginal delivery of a healthy 3.5 kg baby. Pregnancy had been complicated by gestational diabetes and hypertension. Biochemical screening for secondary causes of hypertension was performed. Urinary metanephrine (46,836 nmol/24 h) and normetanephrine (86,616 nmol/24 h) were 25 and 30 times the upper limit of normal respectively. CT abdomen revealed an 8.8 cm complex left adrenal mass. Pre-operative course was complicated by frequent runs of atrial fibrillation and flutter with episodes of chest pain accompanied by a transient rise in cardiac enzymes. ECG revealed persistent inferolateral deep T-wave inversion. CT coronary angiogram was normal supporting the theory of catecholamine driven ECG changes rather than coronary artery disease. The patient proceeded to surgery. Open adrenalectomy was performed after adequate alpha and beta blockade. The patients' post-operative ECG reverted to normal. Histology revealed focal invasion of the tumour capsule and penetration of the peri-renal adipose tissue. A post-operative MIBG scan showed no scintigraphic evidence of metastatic disease. Genetic screening by next generation sequencing was negative. Plasma free fractionated metanephrines at 2 and 6 months were normal. She remains under close biochemical surveillance. This case describes a successful pregnancy outcome in the presence of undiagnosed pheochromocytoma and highlights the challenges faced in managing the cardiovascular manifestations of catecholamine surges.
Noninvasive assessment of subclinical atherosclerosis in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes; Background: Carotis artery intima-media thickness, hyperhomocysteibemia, microalbuminuria and nitric oxide reflects subclinical atherosclerosis and predict the risk of future cardiovascular events. We aimed to evaluate subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) noninvasively. Methods: Fourty one normotensive patients with GDM and 44 healthy pregnants were enrolled. Serum homocystein and nitric oxide levels, urinary albumin excretion (microalbuminuria) and carotis intima-media thickness (CIMT) were evaluated along with lipid parameters and anthropometric measurements. Results: Patients with GDM had significantly higher levels of serum homocystein, urinary albumin excretion and increased carotid intima-media thickness (p<0,001, p=0,005 and p<0,001; respectively). Nitric oxide levels were significantly diminished in patients group (p<0,001). There was a significant difference between groups in terms of LDL, but not with HDL and trygliceride. A significant correlation was observed between CIMT and serum LDL, HDL, homocytein, nitric oxide levels, and urinary albumin excretion. Microalbuminuria was significantly correlated with serum homocystein levels (p=0,03) but not with NO. Discussion: Independent from elevated blood pressure, subclinical atherosclerosis and endothelial dysfunction exist in normotensive patients with GDM. Further studies with large number of participants are required to clarify this data. (Table Presented).
Is increased epicardial adipose tissue is a sign of cardiovascular disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus?; Background: Increased epicardial adipose tissue thickness (EATT), a component of body visceral adiposity, has been suggested to increase the likelihood of lifetime cardiovascular disease risk. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and, consequently, a higher cardiovascular risk. We searched if the patients with GDM have increased EATT, along with its relation to the measures of insulin sensitivity. Method: 96 women with GDM, 69 women with healthy pregnant aged between 19 and 44 years were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and hormonal and metabolic evaluation, as well as standard echocardiography and EATT. EATT was measured by echocardiography above the free wall of the right ventricle. Age, smoking status and pregestational body mass index (pre-BMI) were obtained. Insulin resistance was assessed by homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) formula. Kruskal-Wallis followed by Bonferroni-corrected post hoc Mann-Whitney U tests were used to analyze the data. Results: The women with GDM were significantly older than the non-diabetic pregnant women (p=0.001). The HOMA index and basal insulin levels were significantly higher in the GDM group than the non-diabetic group (p <0.0001 and p <0.0001, respectively). GDM subjects had higher EATT (p<0.001) but other echocardiographic parameters were not statistically different. Conclusion: Thickness of the EAT is increased in patients with GDM in conjunction with insulin resistance. Further studies are needed to clarify the relation of EATT and cardiovascular risk in patients with GDM. (Table Presented).
Cardiac diastolic evaluation in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance: An opportunity to detect the early and subclinical alterations and prevent cardiovascular diseases; Objectives of this study were to assess diastolic function in pregnant women with abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT), compared with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) women, and to evaluate the insulin resistance status and its association with Doppler-echocardiographic indexes. Echocardiograms of 108 consecutive Caucasian women with singleton pregnancies were performed. Insulin resistance status was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) and the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index (QUICKI). All the studied women showed normal diastolic patterns. Patients with AGT (50.9%), as compared with NGT women, had higher HOMA-IR (1.70±1.30 versus 1.01±0.81, P=0.003), lower QUICKI (0.36±0.005 versus 0.40±0.06, P=0.004), higher lateral mitral annulus late diastolic velocity (13.6±4.9 versus 11.9±4.9, P=0.03), and higher A-wave velocity, the wave responsible for the active atrial contraction component (75.2±14.2 versus 67.7±16.2, P=0.01). At multivariate regression analysis HOMA-IR was the only parameter associated with A-wave velocity. In conclusion, women with AGT had an increased subclinical diastolic active participation, which is associated with higher levels of insulin resistance. For the increased risk of deterioration of cardiac diastolic function, earlier and more seriously than normal pregnancy, AGT women may have a careful followup to detect the early signs of cardiac alteration and to prevent cardiovascular diseases. © 2013 B. Pintaudi et al.
Outcome of pregnancy after autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (AHSCT) for autoimmune diseases (AD): A retrospective study of the EBMT autoimmune diseases working party (ADWP); Introduction AHSCT is increasing used to control severe and refractory autoimmune diseases (AD). Many patients (pts) are women of reproductive age with a potential desire for pregnancy, especially with control of AD. However, high dose cytotoxic therapy is associated with an age dependent risk of temporary or permanent ovarian and/or endometrial damage. Although childbirth has been sporadically reported after AHSCT for AD, the incidence, complications and outcomes of pregnancy in this group have never been characterised. We present the first multicenter retrospective analysis of pregnancy in patients who underwent AHSCT for AD. Patients and Methods The study was designed as a multicenter retrospective study of data registered in the EBMT database with supplementary information requested with a specific questionnaire sent to each centre. Inclusion criteria were: female pts aged >18 and 50 years receiving AHSCT for AD between 1994-2011. Over this time period 588 adult female patients fulfilling inclusion criteria were identified in the EBMT database and collaborating centres. Results Twenty-two pregnancies were reported in 15 pts between 1997-2010 2013, with 4 pts having 2 pregnancies, and one pt having 4 pregnancies, amounting to approximately 2% of total eligible registrations. Indications for AHSCT included multiple sclerosis (7 pts), systemic sclerosis (5 pts), rheumatoid Arthritis (1 pt), juvenile idiopathic arthritis (1 pt) and Takayasu disease (1 pt). All pts had received standard immunosuppressive +/- cytotoxic treatment for AD prior to mobilisation and AHSCT. The most common mobilization regimen was cyclophosphamide (2-4g/m2) and G-CSF. Conditioning for AHSCT was high dose cyclophosphamide (200mg/kg) in 7 pts, BEAM in 7 pts and one pt received BCNU (300mg/m2) with cyclophosphamide (150g/kg). Serotherapy was used in 10 patients (ATG in 9, ALG in 1). None received TBI. Of the 22 reported pregnancies, 20 were due to natural conception and 2 required assisted conception (two with in vitro fertilization). Fifteen pregnancies (68%) were successful, while seven (38%) were unsuccessful due to ectopic pregnancy (n=1), spontaneous abortion (n=4), and spontaneous fetal death (n=1). and induced abortion (n=1). Other serious adverse events included gestational diabetes mellitus (n=1), congestive heart failure and atrial fibrillation (n=1) and pre-term labor (n=1). Five serious adverse events occurred during first pregnancies, and 2 during second pregnancies. Exacerbations of AD occurred in 2 pts during second pregnancies. In all other patients the AD remained stable throughout pregnancy and post-partum. No maternal mortality was associated with pregnancy or post-partum. The status of the AD at most recent follow up was reported as remission (5 pts), improvement (4 pts), stabilization (3 pts), progression (2 pts) and 1 death due to AD progression. There were no reports of congenital, developmental or any other disease in the children of these pregnancies. Discussion This retrospective analysis confirms that pregnancy is feasible in some pts following AHSCT for severe AD. The outcome of pregnancy is generally good and most lead to the birth of healthy children. It is unclear whether the reported rates of adverse obstetric events exceed that of the general population, but exacerbation of underlying autoimmune disorder is possible. In pts who have undergone AHSCT for AD who wish to plan a pregnancy, we recommend close interdisciplinary collaboration involving obstetricians and relevant AD specialists. However, the reported frequency of pregnancy was relatively rare, and we continue to recommend consideration of embryo or ovum cryopreservation prior to AHSCT as per current ADWP guidelines.
Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) post-natal intervention: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is defined as glucose intolerance with its onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Post-GDM women have a life-time risk exceeding 70% of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Lifestyle modifications reduce the incidence of T2DM by up to 58% for high-risk individuals. Methods/Design: The Mothers After Gestational Diabetes in Australia Diabetes Prevention Program (MAGDA-DPP) is a randomized controlled trial aiming to assess the effectiveness of a structured diabetes prevention intervention for post-GDM women. This trial has an intervention group participating in a diabetes prevention program (DPP), and a control group receiving usual care from their general practitioners during the same time period. The 12-month intervention comprises an individual session followed by five group sessions at two-week intervals, and two follow-up telephone calls. A total of 574 women will be recruited, with 287 in each arm. The women will undergo blood tests, anthropometric measurements, and self-reported health status, diet, physical activity, quality of life, depression, risk perception and healthcare service usage, at baseline and 12 months. At completion, primary outcome (changes in diabetes risk) and secondary outcome (changes in psychosocial and quality of life measurements and in cardiovascular disease risk factors) will be assessed in both groups. Discussion: This study aims to show whether MAGDA-DPP leads to a reduction in diabetes risk for post-GDM women. The characteristics that predict intervention completion and improvement in clinical and behavioral measures will be useful for further development of DPPs for this population. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ANZCTRN 12610000338066. © 2013 Shih et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Long-term cardiovascular risk in relation to birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus; Background Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with high birth weight, congenital heart malformations, childhood adiposity, DM, hypertension and dyslipidemia. The long term cardiovascular consequences of fetal exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy and high birth weight are not known. Method All individuals born in Sweden 1973-1988 (n = 1,551,603) were included in the study. The Swedish Medical Birth Register was merged with the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. The association between offspring's adult consumption of cardiovascular medication and i) maternal DM during pregnancy and ii) birth weight were analyzed. Follow up time ranged between 17 and 36 years. Results Offspring exposed to maternal DM in utero had an increased risk of non-malformation cardiovascular disease (NMCVD), odds ratio (OR) 1.46 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.16-1.83). After also excluding offspring with insulin dependent DM, no increased risk of NMCVD was found, OR 1.19 (95% CI 0.92-1.55). No increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born large for gestational age, OR 1.02 (95% CI 0.96-1.08). An increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born small for gestational age, OR 1.29 (95% CI 1.24-1.35). Conclusions Exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy was not associated with NMCVD in offspring at a maximum of 36 years of follow up. Low birth weight was confirmed to be a risk factor for NMCVD while high birth weight was not. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Race/Ethnicity, Obesity, and Related Cardio-Metabolic Risk Factors: A Life-Course Perspective; The adoption of health behaviors characterized by minimal energy expenditure and overconsumption of energy has led to cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy, childhood, and youth, all of which increase the prevalence of cardiovascular disease in adulthood. The propensity to develop abdominal obesity and cardiometabolic risk factors appears to disproportionally affect non-white ethnic groups. While the majority of observational research has been conducted in populations of European origin, studies in non-white ethnic groups across the life-course are underway and there is evidence that unique ethnic-specific differences exist. This review will focus on the life-course determinants of obesity and its related cardio-metabolic risk factors among diverse ethnic groups including people of Afro-Caribbean origin, South Asian, East Asian, and indigenous ancestry. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Short-term neonatal outcome in diabetic versus non-diabetic pregnancies complicated by non-reassuring foetal heart rate tracings; Objective: Analysis of the impact of non-reassuring foetal heart rate patterns (FHR) and suspected foetal distress during active labour on the neonatal outcome in diabetic compared to non-diabetic mothers. Methods: Retrospective case-control study comparing the short-term neonatal outcome including Apgar score at 5min, and arterial/venous umbilical cord blood pH of 57 deliveries of women with different types of diabetes and 114 healthy controls. Patients were selected out of all deliveries with suspected foetal distress during active labour and performed foetal scalp pH samplings (n=590) at the Medical University of Graz, Austria, during 2008-2009. Results: Arterial pH was significantly lower in the diabetic group (7.215 versus 7.250, p=0.007). Apgar scores (>8) at 5min were similar in both groups (96.5% versus 95.6%, p=0.566). The percentage of cases with foetal scalp blood pH <7.25 was higher in the diabetes group, but did not reach statistical significance (14.1% versus 7.1%, p=0.166). Conclusions: Newborns of women with gestational and type 1 diabetes and non-reassuring FHR tracing have significantly lower arterial cord blood pH values without consequences on neonatal postpartum adaptation. Special attention to pathological changes in FHR patterns and to the more rapid decline in foetal pH during periods of foetal distress may be warranted in women with gestational and pre-conceptional diabetes during active labour. More frequent foetal scalp pH testing to rule out clinically relevant foetal acidosis needs to be discussed. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Diabetes: 8 Strategies to put into practice; In search of ways to improve the way you approach diabetes care in your practice? Consider these strategies, which have worked for us - and have evidence to support them.
Neonatal seizures: Soothing a burning topic; ABSTRACT: Neonatal seizures are a potentially life-threatening pediatric problem with a variety of causes, such as birth trauma, asphyxia, congenital anomalies, metabolic disturbances, infections, and drug withdrawal or intoxication. Thorough and timely evaluations of such patients are necessary to identify and treat the underlying etiology, therefore reducing potential morbidity and mortality. We review neonatal seizures and hypocalcemia and present the case of a 6-day-old male infant who presented to a tertiary pediatric emergency department with seizure-like episodes. He was found to have markedly low serum calcium, magnesium, and parathyroid hormone concentrations, as well as a significantly elevated serum phosphate concentration. The etiology of these abnormalities was found to be maternal ingestion of extremely high doses of calcium carbonate during the third trimester of her pregnancy, an occurrence that has been reported only once in the literature. Education pertaining to the dangers of excessive calcium carbonate intake during pregnancy may be an important piece of anticipatory guidance for pregnant mothers with symptoms of gastroesophageal reflux, and questioning the mother of a neonate presenting with seizures about such over-the-counter medications may help to elucidate the diagnosis. Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The challenge of pregnancy for patients with SLE; Pregnancy poses an important challenge for doctors looking after women with systemic lupus erythematosus. Knowledge about safety of medications, the effect of pregnancy on such disease, and vice versa, together with multidisciplinary team care, are basic cornerstones needed to provide the best obstetric and medical care to these women. Pre-conceptional counselling constitutes the ideal scenario where a patient's previous obstetric history, organ damage, disease activity, serological profile and additional medical history can be summarized. Important issues regarding medication adjustment, planned scans and visits, and main risks discussion should also be raised at this stage. Planned pregnancies lead to better outcomes for both mothers and babies. Close surveillance throughout pregnancy and the puerperium, and tailored management approach guarantee the highest rates of successful pregnancies in these women. © The Author(s) 2013 Reprints and permissions: sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
Hydatoxi lualba: The worm that wasn't!; Pre-eclampsia is a disorder that occurs only during pregnancy and the postpartum period and affects both the mother and the unborn child. Affecting at least 5-8% of all pregnancies, it can be a rapidly progressive condition characterised by hypertension and proteinuria. Oedema, sudden weight gain, headaches and changes in vision are important symptoms. However, some women with rapidly advancing disease report few symptoms. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
The use of obstetrical ultrasound in the obese gravida; Obesity is an epidemic in the United States, especially among the pregnant population. Obesity is responsible for an increase in fetal anomalies and adverse outcome of both mother and fetus. Due to difficulty in penetrating to the depth of the uterus, the ultrasound image in obese patients is inadequate, fuzzy, and high in artifacts. Hence, obese patients often require multiple scans as well as special scanning techniques just to get borderline image quality. These techniques and the data regarding quality and frequency of scans for the obese pregnant population are discussed in this paper. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Congenital anomalies of kidney and urinary tract (CAKUT); Congenital abnormalities of kidney and urinary tract are the leading cause of end-stage kidney disease in children. These result from genetic as well as environmental causes. The embryology of kidney and urinary tract is modified by genetic mutations leading to CAKUT. These anomalies may occur in isolation or as a part of syndrome with renal as well as non-renal manifestations. The phenotype may vary from asymptomatic abnormalities on one hand to renal agenesis on the other. Lower tract abnormalities are frequently associated. Many of the disorders may be diagnosed antenatally on imaging. Proper antenatal and post-natal management may prevent progression to ESKD. The role of genetics in diagnosis remains unclear at present and needs further evaluation. © 2013 Reed Elsevier India Pvt. Ltd.
A review of the metabolic effects of controlled-release Phentermine/Topiramate; Background and Objective: Very few drugs are approved for obesity treatment by regulatory agencies. Very recently phentermine/topiramate controlled-release [PHEN/tPM cr; (Qsymia®)] obtained Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval as an addition to a reduced-calorie diet and exercise for chronic weight management. Our aim was to review the available clinical evidence on weight loss, metabolic effects and adverse events associated with use of this product. Methods: randomized controlled trials with phentermine/topira-mate controlled-release were selected through a Medline search using the terms: phentermine and topiramate, phentermine and controlled release topiramate, new anti-obesity drugs and phentermine/topiramate, recent combinations of anti-obesity drugs and Qnexa®. Results: PHEN/tPM cr was associated with a weight loss of 8.1-10.9% (mid and high dose, respectively), while patients in placebo groups lost 1.4-1.8% of their initial weight. PHEN/tPM cr also resulted in a significant decrease of waist circumference. Weight loss with PHEN/tPM cr was associated with a decrease in blood pressure but with a slight increase in the heart rate. Furthermore, in all trials it exerted favorable effects on lipid profile, especially on tri-glycerides and high-density lipopoprotein (HDL) cholesterol. PHEN/tPM cr treatment also improved insulin sensitivity and glycemia. Moreover, it decreased significantly progression to type 2 diabetes. In all of the studies the severe adverse events were similar between the control groups and the groups of PHEN/tPM cr. the most frequent side-effects observed in the active treatment group were paresthesia, dysgeusia, dry mouth, constipation and insomnia. WHAt Is NEW AND Conclusion: PHEN/tPM cr combined with lifestyle modification may be an effective and well-tolerated treatment for obesity and weight-related metabolic complications. Its long-term efficacy and safety have yet to be defined.
Hemoglobin A1c in pregestational diabetic gravidas and the risk of congenital heart disease in the fetus; This study aimed to determine whether poor glycemic control in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart disease (CHD) for infants of women with preexisting diabetes. A retrospective review examined two tertiary care centers of diabetic pregnancies that recorded early hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) values (<20 weeks). The incidence of prenatally diagnosed CHD was calculated and stratified by HbA1c level. Poor glycemic control was defined as an HbA1c level of 8.5 % or higher. Fetal echocardiography was used to identify fetuses that resulted in infants with suspected CHD. Neonatal echocardiograms and pathology reports were reviewed for confirmation of the diagnosis. Of 535 patients, 30 (5.6 %) delivered an infant with confirmed CHD. Among the patients with poor glycemic control, 8.3 % (n = 17) delivered an infant with CHD, whereas 3.9 % (n = 13) of those with an HbA1c level lower than 8.5 % delivered an infant with CHD (p = 0.03). Poor glycemic control in early pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of CHD in offspring. The incidence of CHD in patients with adequate glycemic control still is sufficiently high to justify routine fetal echocardiography for all gravidas with preexisting diabetes regardless of HbA1c level. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in mid-pregnancy and late pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: The aim of our study was to evaluate placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices in diabetic pregnancies in the second and third trimesters and to compare them with those of the normal controls. Methods: Placental vascularization of pregnant women was determined by three-dimensional power Doppler ultrasound technique. The calculated indices included vascularization index (VI), flow index (FI), and vascularization flow index (VFI). Uncomplicated pregnancies (n=113) were compared with pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (n=56) and diabetes mellitus (n=43). Results: The three-dimensional power Doppler indices were not significantly different between the two diabetic subgroups. All the indices in diabetic patients were significantly reduced compared with those in non-diabetic individuals (p<0.001). Placental three-dimensional power Doppler indices are slightly diminished throughout diabetic pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.23 (FI), -0.06 (VI), and -0.04 (VFI)] and normal pregnancy [regression coefficients: -0.13 (FI), -0.20 (VI), and -0.11 (VFI)]. The uteroplacental circulation (umbilical and uterine artery) was not correlated significantly to the three-dimensional power Doppler indices. If all placental indices are low during late pregnancy, then the odds of the diabetes are significantly high (adjusted odds ratio: 1.10). Conclusions: A decreased placental vascularization could be an adjunct sonographic marker in the diagnosis of diabetic pregnancy in mid-gestation and late gestation. © 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Fetal and maternal factors associated with neonatal adiposity as measured by air displacement plethysmography: A large cross-sectional study; Background: There is evidence that the fetal and early postnatal environments play a role in determining the risk of lifetime obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Neonatal body composition, as a surrogate marker of the in-utero environment, can be reliably and accurately measured by air displacement plethysmography (ADP). Our primary objective was to identify preconception, fetal and maternal factors affecting neonatal body composition. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 599 term babies born between September and October 2010 at Royal Prince Alfred Hospital, Sydney, Australia. Neonatal body fat percentage (BF%) was measured within 48. h of birth using ADP. Maternal demographic, anthropometric and medical data as well as neonatal gestational age and sex were used to develop a regression model that predicted body composition and birthweight. Results: The mean (SD) neonatal BF% in our whole population was 9.2(4.4)%. Significant variables in the model for neonatal BF% were neonatal sex, gestational age, maternal ethnicity, gestational weight gain (GWG), pre-pregnancy BMI, parity and maternal hypertension (p < 0.05); together, these explained 19% of the variation in BF%. GDM status was not a significant variable. Neonatal female sex, maternal Caucasian ethnicity and increased gestational weight gain explained the most variation and were most strongly associated with increased BF%. Conclusions: This study highlights maternal obesity and increased gestational weight gain as two factors that are amenable to intervention as risk factors for newborn adiposity, which is important in the future study of the "developmental origins of health and disease" hypothesis. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Nongenetic risk factors and congenital heart defects; Advances have been made in identifying genetic etiologies of congenital heart defects. Through this knowledge, preventive strategies have been designed and instituted, and prospective parents are counseled regarding their risk of having an affected child. Great strides have been made in genetic variant identification, and genetic susceptibility to environmental exposures has been hypothesized as an etiology for congenital heart defects. Unfortunately, similar advances in understanding have not been made regarding strategies to prevent nongenetic risk factors. Less information is available regarding the potential adverse effect of modifiable risk factors on the fetal heart. This review summarizes the available literature on these modifiable exposures that may alter the risk for congenital heart disease. Information regarding paternal characteristics and conditions, maternal therapeutic drug exposures, parental nontherapeutic drug exposures, and parental environmental exposures are presented. Factors are presented in terms of risk for congenital heart defects as a group. These factors also are broken down by specific defect type. Although additional investigations are needed in this area, many of the discussed risk factors present an opportunity for prevention of potential disease. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Lipoprotein(a) is not related to markers of insulin resistance in pregnancy; Background: Dyslipidemia, a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease is a common finding in patients with type 2 diabetes and among women with gestational diabetes. Elevated levels of lipoprotein(a) [Lp(a)] are linked to increased risk of cardiovascular disease. However, its relationship with insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes is controversial and unproven. Here we aimed to clarify whether Lp(a) levels are associated with insulin sensitivity in pregnancy.Methods: Sixty-four women with gestational diabetes and 165 with normal glucose tolerance were enrolled in the study. Fasting Lp(a) serum levels were measured in all women at 24-28 weeks of gestation.Results: In pregnancy, there was no significant difference in serum Lp(a) concentrations between the two groups. Its level did not correlate with markers of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S%), pancreatic beta-cell function (HOMA-B%) and insulin sensitivity in dynamic conditions (OGIS). In addition, fasting glucose and insulin levels and those throughout an oral glucose tolerance test were independent of Lp(a) concentrations in our study group.Conclusions: Lp(a) levels in pregnant women do not differ with respect to the presence or absence of gestational diabetes. Although influenced by some components of the lipid profile, such as triglycerides and HDL-C, insulin resistance in pregnancy is not affected by Lp(a). © 2013 Todoric et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Leptin and epilepsy; Leptin (from the greek word leptos meaning “thin”) was identified in 1994 by positional cloning of the ob gene responsible for obesity in homozygous ob/ob mice - the experimental model of obesity characterized in 1950s and extensively used since that time in experimental studies. Leptin, encoded by the Ob gene, is the 16 kDa protein synthesized and secreted by white adipose tissue, which acts on hypothalamic neurons to suppress food intake and increase energy expenditure. Homozygous ob/ob mice do not produce functional leptin and consequently develop severe obesity as a result of hyperphagia and reduced energy expenditure (decrease in locomotor activity and lower basal metabolic rate as reflected by decrease in body temperature). In addition, ob/ob mice exhibit severe insulin resistance, hyperinsulinemia, hyperglycemia, hypercortisolemia and infertility. Administration of recombinant leptin normalizes body weight and corrects all metabolic abnormalities in these animals [Zhang et al., Nature, 2004]. Inherited leptin deficiency is a very rare cause of obesity in humans. Most obese individuals have high plasma leptin concentration, which reflects greater amount of adipose tissue and resistance of hypothalamus to anorectic effect of this hormone. Leptin is responsible for “adipostat” - the negative feedback mechanism which regulates food intake depending on the amount of triglyceride stores in adipose tissue. Currently it is suspected that the main physiological role of leptin is to signal energy deficit. When the amount of adipose tissue decreases as the effect of food restriction, hypoleptinemia results in increase in appetite, decrease in energy expenditure, and inhibition of energy-consuming processes such as inflammatory/ immune response and reproduction. Leptin receptor belongs to a class I cytokine receptors and is a single membrane-spanning protein which consists of extracellular, transmembrane and intracellular domains. Six isoforms of the leptin receptor, Ob-Ra through Ob-Re, have been identified. They are encoded by a single gene and are synthesized by alternative mRNA splicing. All of them (except Ob-Re) share the same extracellular and transmembrane domains but differ in intracellular domain. The longest isoform, Ob-Rb, responsible for anorectic effect of leptin stimulates cytosolic tyrosine kinase Jak2 which phosphorylates Signal Transducer and Activator of Transcription-3 (STAT-3) protein; the latter translocates to the nucleus and stimulates the expression of target genes. In addition, Ob-Rb can signal through other mechanisms such as protein kinases C, mitogenactivated protein kinases (MAPK), phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) or nitric oxide. Ob-Ra, Ob-Rc and Ob-Rd have shorter intracellular domains and cannot stimulate the Jak2-STAT-3 pathway but are able to trigger other signaling mechanisms. Ob-Re is a truncated receptor which consist only of a part of extracellular domain; it circulates in plasma as a soluble leptin receptor (sLR) - the main leptin-transporting protein [Fruhbeck, Biochem J, 2006]. Leptin receptors are expressed in almost all tissues and chronic hyperleptinemia associated with the metabolic syndrome is implicated in the pathogenesis of many disorders including arterial hypertension, atherosclerosis, heart failure, autoimmune and inflammatory diseases (multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, etc.), breast, colon and endometrial cancers, gestational diabetes, polycystic ovarian syndrome and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. In experimental studies leptin has been demonstrated to have both proand anticonvulsant activity. For example, intracerebroventricularly administered leptin increased the frequency of penicillin-induced epileptiform EEG activity in the rat by stimulating neuronal NO synthase [Ayyildiz et al., Brain Res Bull, 2006; Aslan et al., Brain Res, 2010]. In mice, leptin administered intraperitoneally augmented NMDA-induced and, to a lesser extent, AMPA- or kainate-induced clonic and tonic seizures [Lynch et al., Brain Res Bull, 2010]. In contrast, centrally administered leptin reduced the amplitude and frequency of seizures induced by 4- aminopyridine (the antagonist of voltage-sensitive K+ channels) in the rat. Similarly, intranasally administered leptin exhibited anticonvulsant activity in mouse pentetrazole model [Xu et al., J Clin Invest, 2008]. These effects are most likely associated with the inhibition of AMPA receptor-, but not NMDA receptor-, mediated neurotransmission. Consistently with these data, leptin deficient ob/ob mice demonstrate greater frequency of generalized clonic and clonic-tonic seizures after intraperitoneal pentetrazole injection [Erbayat-Altay et al., Neurosci Lett, 2008]. These data suggested that leptin, (especially administered intranasally) could be a novel antiepileptic drug. However, in the above mentioned studies leptin was administered before inducing acute seizures and it is unclear if it is effective in chronic epilepsy. In addition, chronic elevation of leptin to supraphysiological level often induces leptin resistance. Finally, because leptin was demonstrated to inhibit glutaminergic neurotransmission in hippocampal neurons, the possible adverse effects such as impairment of learning and memory should be taken into account. Leptin had neuroprotective activity in different experimental models. For example, leptin inhibited apoptosis of SH-SY5Y neuroblastoma cells induced by serum deprivation [Russo et al., Endocrinology, 2004] or MPTP [Lu et al., Neurosci Lett, 2006]. Similarly, leptin protected cortical neurons against hypoxia or glucose deficiency-induced apoptosis [Zhang et al., Stroke, 2007] and hippocampal neurons against NMDA- or oxidative stress-induced apoptosis [Guo et al., J Biol Chem 2008]. In vivo, leptin reduced status epilepticus-induced neurodegeneration of hippocampal neurons [Obeid, Epilepsy Behav, 2010]. Many of the currently used antiepileptic medications affect plasma leptin concentration. Valproate, carbamazepine, gabapentin, vigabatrin and pregabalin increase plasma leptin concentration, topiramate and felbamate have the opposite effects, whereas diphenylhydantoin, oxcarbazepine, levetiracetam, lamotrigine and tiagabine do not change leptin level. Changes in plasma leptin in patients treated with antiepileptic drugs usually parallel changes in adiposity and body weight [Hamed, Epilepsy Res, 2007].
Exploring the relationship between increased arterial stiffness and myocardial hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers; BACKGROUND: We have previously shown that infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) have increased aortic stiffness in the first 6 months of life, and aortic stiffness is related to poor maternal glycemic control in pregnancy. Increased left ventricular (LV) posterior (LVPW) and interventricular septal (IVS) wall thickness is observed in IDM in late gestation and early infancy, predominantly in mothers with worse glycemic control. Although it is generally believed that the LV hypertrophy in IDM regresses after the first 3 months, we have recently shown that hypertrophy persists even in late infancy. In this study we sought to explore the relationship between aortic stiffness and LV hypertrophy in IDM. We hypothesized that LVPW and IVS wall thickness would be greater in infants with greater aortic stiffness. METHODS: Diabetic pregnancies were prospectively recruited in the mid trimester. Their infants were evaluated in infancy by echocardiography. LVPW and IVS wall thickness was measured by m mode and measurements were compared to normative data for the calculation of z scores based on body surface area. Aortic wall stiffness was assessed with echocardiography, using 2D and pulsed Doppler interrogation of the ascending aorta and distal arch. Aortic pulse wave velocity (PWV) was calculated as the distance from the ascending aorta to distal arch, divided by the time interval from the QRS to the onset of flow for the two interrogated sites (m/s). RESULTS: Twenty-one IDM were investigated at a median age of 7 weeks (range 2-48 weeks). Mean aortic PWV was 4.7±1.7m/s, and the mean IVS and LVPW z scores were 1.3±1.2 and LVPW 1.4±1.1, respectively. Although no relationship was observed between PWV and IVS, there was a weak but positive correlation between aortic PWV and LVPW z score (r=0.50, p=0.027). CONCLUSION: Our study suggests that a potential relationship exists between the degree of stiffness of the aorta and LV wall thickness. This could be due to a common prenatal exposure (hyperglycemia) or to a causal relationship (greater aortic stiffness leading to evolution or persistence of LV hypertrophy). Further studies are underway to determine the etiology of increased aortic stiffness and LV hypertrophy and the natural course of these changes.
Maternal hypothyroidism may be associated with congenital heart disease in offspring; OBJECTIVES: This study tested whether mothers with maternal hypothyroidism had increased odds of congenital heart disease (CHD) in their offspring. BACKGROUND: Maternal hypothyroidism increases the risk of fetal demise, prematurity and pre-eclampsia, and can negatively impact on neurodevelopment. Prior studies have postulated a relationship between maternal thyroid function and CHD but this relationship has not been directly investigated. METHODS AND RESULTS: A retrospective maternal-child dyads survey was conducted in the Echocardiography Laboratory at the Hospital for Sick Children, Toronto, Canada over a 17 month period to obtain a history of maternal thyroid status. Pediatric echocardiograms were evaluated prospectively for CHD by a blinded pediatric cardiologist. Logistic analysis was performed to examine the association between CHD and maternal hypothyroidism. Of the 998 maternal-child dyads with complete data, 10% (99/998) of the mothers reported a history of prenatal hypothyroidism. The overall incidence of CHD in the study sample was 63.1% (630/998). Mothers with a history of hypothyroidism were significantly more likely to have offspring with CHD (72.4%) compared to mothers without a history of hypothyroidism (61.1%). After adjustment in the multivariate model for maternal age (>35 years), risk of fetal aneuploidy, maternal diabetes and family history of CHD, the odds ratio (95% confidence interval) forCHDin offspring associated with reported maternal hypothyroidism was 1.68 (1.02-2.78). CONCLUSION: This study suggests that maternal hypothyroidism is a risk factor for the development of CHD. Further prospective investigations are necessary to confirm this association and delineate pathogenic mechanisms.
Interaction between maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: A population-level analysis; Objective: To examine how maternal obesity modulates the longterm risk of developing diabetic and vascular complications among women with and without GDM. Methods and Results: We linked data from a population-level clinical registry (the Alberta Perinatal Health Program) for 253 970 deliveries between April 1999 and March 2010 with administrative health claims. Women were grouped as: 1) no GDM, not obese (n=225 145, reference group); 2) obese only (n=19 051); 3) GDM only (n=8135); and 4) GDM and obese (n=1639). Maternal obesity was defined as pre-pregnancy weight >91 kg. During a median follow-up of 4.7 years, diabetes incidence was 35.1% in the GDM and obese, 18.5% in the GDM only, 5.2% in the obese only, and 1.2% in the reference groups, respectively (Figure, left panel, p<0.01). With respect to hypertension and cardiovascular disease, women with GDM who were obese had the highest rates (25.8% and 3.2%, respectively) and the reference group had the lowest rates (5.6% and 0.8%, respectively). However, the rates were similar among women with GDM only (15.6% and 1.2%, respectively) and women who were obese only (15.2% and 1.3%, respectively e Figure, middle and right panel). These findings remained after multivariable adjustment for baseline differences. Conclusion: The presence of both obesity and GDM compounds the risk of developing diabetes. However, the association between obesity alone and GDM alone and hypertension and cardiovascular disease appears equivalent suggesting a need for interventions that target effective management of both these factors to improve the health of this patient population. (Figer Presented) .
An innovative home-based cardiovascular lifestyle prevention program for women with recent gestational diabetes: A pilot feasibility study; Background: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD), which can be prevented with lifestyle modification. Prevention programs have been limited by poor attendance and adherence. A customized program for new mothers may be more successful. Objective: To assess feasibility of a home-based lifestyle program among women with recent GDM. Methods: Women with GDM in 2011/2012 with a pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) ≥25 kg/m2 were recruited at 3 to 6 months postpartum to a 6-month home-based program consisting of a customized exercise prescription, motivational coaching and regular telephone support by a kinesiologist. Outcomes (exercise capacity [EC], BMI and waist circumference [WC]) were assessed at baseline, 3 and 6 months. Results: Of 67 women contacted, 22 (31%) were enrolled and 17 (25%) attendedthefirst visit(meanage 38±6years;BMI35±8kg/m2). Mean baseline EC was 10.0±0.5 METS, with 41% at <85% age-predicted EC. Interim 3-month data from the first 12 women demonstrated a mean EC increase of 1.21 METS (95% CI 0.19 to 2.22; p<0.05), ameanWCdecrease of 3.67cm(95%CI1.99 to 5.34;p<0.001),withno BMI change. The 3-monthretentionwas76%andsatisfactionwas high (92%). Conclusions: Our preliminary findings show that a customized lifestyle program in women with recent GDM is feasible, with good attendance rates and improvements in exercise capacity. These findings support a tailored, home-based approach to exercise counselling in mothers with recent GDM for prevention of diabetes and CVD.
Is exposure to diabetes throughout gestation associated with diabetic cardiomyopathy in youth with type 2 diabetes? Pilot data from the icare cohort study; Background: Some patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) display impaired left ventricular (LV) diastolic filling and mild LV hypertrophy in the absence of coronary artery disease (diabetic cardiomyopathy). The role of pre-gestational diabetes in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy is poorly understood. Methods: We performed a cross sectional comparison of measures of LV diastolic function andmorphology between T2D youth exposed to T2D throughout gestation (cases; n=2) and T2D youth exposed to normoglycemia during gestation (controls; n=3). LV diastolic functionwas determined fromDoppler-derived transmitralflowrates and tissue Doppler measures of LV relaxation. Co-variates assessed included 24-hour blood pressure monitoring, body composition, duration of diabetes and conventional cardiovascular risk factors. Results: Compared to controls, cases were of similar age (16 vs. 16 years), had similar systolic blood pressure loads (time spent > 95th %ile for sex and height = 45 vs. 52%), similar BMI Z score (1.2 vs.1.0), and had shorter duration of diabetes (2.5 vs. 5 years). Cases displayed 30% lower transmitral filling dynamics (E/A: 1.32 vs. 1.80) and reduced relaxation of the mitral annulus during early filling (E'/ A' = 1.18 vs. 1.76). No differences were observed in ejection fraction (70 vs. 65%), posterior wall thickness (9.4 vs. 8.9 mm), septal wall thickness (8.0 vs. 8.9 mm) or LV mass. Conclusion: Using a very unique, extensively phenotyped cohort of youth with T2D, these data provide rationale for further investigation of the role of fetal programming in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy in youth with T2D.
16th Annual Canadian Diabetes Association/Canadian Society of Endocrinology and Metabolism Professional Conference and Annual Meetings; The proceedings contain 255 papers. The topics discussed include: association between newly diagnosed diabetes and dementia diagnosis in older adults: a population-based study; interaction between maternal obesity and gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term development of diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease: a population-level analysis; physical activity intensity and adiposity in obese youth: the POWER trial; inhibition of insulin-stimulated glucose transport by amino acids in muscle cells is not unique to leucine; a population-based study of diabetes incidence by ethnicity and age: support for the development of ethnic-specific screening and prevention strategies; weight loss intervention for individuals with diabetes and serious mental illness: a pragmatic experiment in community settings; assessing the impact of diabetes education: an observational study; and the effects of a community-based lifestyle intervention, PREPARE, on the physical activity levels of newly diagnosed persons with prediabetes: preliminary findings.
Sensitivity analysis of methods for active surveillance of acute myocardial infarction using electronic databases; Background: Validity of conclusions from observational studies depends heavily on design and analytic decisions. Objectives: To explore the impact of design/analysis decisions on balance metrics and risk estimates using databases for active surveillance of marketed drugs. Methods: Using the Mini-Sentinel protocol for the Active Surveillance of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in Association with Use of Anti-Diabetic Agents as a template, we defined cohorts of new users of Metformin (M) and second-generation Sulfonylureas (S), baseline covariates and AMI events using three definitions of washout and baseline periods. We assessed covariate balance and risk estimates using cumulative data in quarterly analyses with two propensity score (PS) matching and one stratification methods and Cox regression. Results: Extending washout from 183 to 365 days decreased new users from 27,420 to 25,675. A 365-day baseline identified 78 more patients with possible gestational diabetes and 2% more smokers than a 183-day baseline. Matching all cumulative patients tended to produce smaller absolute standardized mean differences in covariates than matching only new patients each quarter. For analyses with 365 days for both washout and baseline, all hazard ratio (HR) CIs contained 1. With either of 183 days, HRs tended to 'signal', more so with matching only new patients each quarter. With 365-day washout and 183-day baseline, HRs based on matching only new patients each quarter 'signaled' in June and September 2009, 2.2-2.4 (1.1, 4.9) for both calipers, while HRs based on matching all cumulative patients 'signaled' (same magnitude) only in September 2009 for caliper 25%. In PS stratification, PS trimming improved balance whereas stratifying PS further into deciles did not. HRs were similar to those from PS matching. Conclusions: Longer durations of washout and baseline may enhance the classification of new users and better capture comorbidities but at reduced sample size. Matching all cumulative patients offered better balance than matching only new patients each quarter. PS matching achieved better balance than PS stratification but with only half the sample size.
Frequency of fetal and neonatal complications in children of diabetic mothers assisted at a tertiary University Center; Background: Increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as well as ocurrency of pregnancy in Type 1 (DM1) and Type 2 (DM2) diabetes mellitus make studies of these conditions relevant to reduce mother-child morbimortality. Objective and hypotheses: Evaluate implications of DM, during pregnancy, in fetal and neonatal morbimortality, according to experience at a Tertiary Center. Methods: 93 records of pregnant diabetics aged at least 18yrs treated between 1990 and 2009 were evaluated with prior diagnosis of DM1 (group1) or DM2 (group2), and GDM (group3). Fetal and neonatal complications were analyzed for general frequency and compared to the clinical groups using the Chi-square; p< 0.05 significant. Results: 36.55% (n:34) had DM1, 22.58% (n:21) DM2 and 40.87% (n:38) GDM. The three groups differed in age (p< 0.001), and DM1 patients were the younger. Besides, patients in group 3 had significantly more advanced gestational age at first visit (p< 0.001) compared to the other groups. Despite different types of diabetes only birth trauma (p=0.023) was more prevalent in group 1. All other complications studied were similar in the three groups evaluated. Respiratory discomfort was generally most frequent (n:21, 22.6%), followed by prematurity (n:19, 20.43%); acute fetal distress (n:12, 12,90%); premature amniorrhexis (n:11, 11.82%); fetal macrosomia and polyhydramnios (n:8, 8.60%, for each variable); abortion, birth trauma, musculoskeletal malformation and stillbirths (n:5, 5.37%, for each variable); neonatal jaundice and congenital cardiopathy (n:4, 4.30%, for each variable); diaphragmatic hernia, duodenal atresia, omphalocele and placental insufficiency (n:1,1.07%, for each variable). Conclusions: Fetal and neonatal complications frequently occur in diabetics during gestation, and results generally are independent of type of diabetes, indicating that other factors such as tight glycemic control and carefull followup should be prioritized for any pregnant diabetic.
An unusual cause for hypertensive crisis after cesarean section; INTRODUCTION: Hypertensive crisis during pregnancy is potentially dangerous for mother and fetus. We present a case of hypertensive crisis after cesearean section initially mistaken for pre-eclampsia. CASE PRESENTATION: A 39 year old african american Gravida1 Para1 female with hypertension and gestational diabetes underwent a cesarean section after failed induction of labor. Intraoperatively she developed nausea, chest pain and palpitations. Her blood pressure rose to 250/150 mmHg and heart rate to 140 bpm with sinus tachycardia. She was treated with intravenous hydralazine, nitroglycerin, labetalol and magnesium sulfate. In the ICU her oxygen requirements increased, a CT angiogram was done which showed no pulmonary embolism but a 9 cm × 6 cm X 7 cm mass in the left adrenal gland with possible hemorrhage. Urine cathecholamines were elevated, including urine epinephrine 4664 mcg/24hr, urine norepinephrine 29195 mcg/24hr and urine dopamine 3467mcg/24hr. An MRI abdomen confirmed the mass and ruled out hemorrhage. She was treated with doxazosin for preoperative alpha blockade and propanolol for tachycardia. She underwent laparoscopic left adrenalectomy without complications. Pathology showed pheochromocytoma with negative margins. DISCUSSION: Pheochromocytoma is a rare catecholamine-secreting tumor, occurring in 0.007 % of pregnancies. Recognising pheochromocytoma antenatally is difficult because it may mimic pre-eclampsia or gestational hypertension. The effects of excessive circulating catecholamines may result in lethal complications if not diagnosed and/or treated early. Surgery is the definitive treatment. The timing remains a challenging and controversial issue. Current experience suggests that removal of the pheochromocytoma in a timely fashion following diagnosis leads to best outcomes. This can be achieved safely even during pregnancy if the diagnosis and necessary preparations can be made before 23 weeks of gestation. After 23 weeks, medical management as a bridge to surgery should continue until the later stages of pregnancy when fetal maturity is reached and the delivery can be undertaken in a controlled and planned fashion with subsequent removal of the pheochromocytoma. CONCLUSIONS: Pheochromocytoma is a rare but important cause of hypertension in pregnant and post partum patients because of its high morbidity and mortality to both mother and fetus. Management requires close collaboration among the obstetrician, hypertension specialist, endocrine surgeon, anesthesiologist, and pediatrician.
Predictors of development of pregnancy-associated severe sepsis and its associated mortality: A population-based study; PURPOSE: Only limited data were reported to date on the contemporary epidemiology of pregnancy-associated severe sepsis (PASS), focusing mostly on delivery hospitalizations. We performed a population-based investigation of the risk factors for development of PASS and its associated mortality among Texas residents over the past decade. METHODS: We used the Texas Inpatient Public Use Data File to identify pregnancy-associated hospitalizations for the years 2001-2010. ICD-9CM codes for infection plus organ failure were used to identify PASS hospitalizations. Candidate demographic and clinical predictors of PASS and PASS-associated hospital mortality were examined. Univariate analysis, followed by multivariate logistic regression modeling were performed. RESULTS: There were 4,060,201 pregnancy-associated hospitalizations, 1007 PASS hospitalizations, and 111 PASS-associated deaths during study period. Delivery hospitalizations accounted for 38% of all PASS hospitalizations. The following key risk factors were independently associated (OR [IQR]) with PASS: chronic liver disease (47.3 [36.3-61.7]), congestive heart failure (CHF) (18.9 [14.3-25.2]), gestational diabetes (GDM) (6.9 [3.9-12.2]), anemia (5.6 [4.8-6.4]), drug abuse (2.9 [2.2-4.1]), lack of health insurance [vs. private insurance] (1.4 [1.1-1.8]), black race (1.3 [1.1-1.5]), and age ≥35 (1.2 [1.01-1.4]). Major predictors of PASS-associated mortality were: GDM (3.9 [1.1-13.5]), drug abuse (3.3 [1.4-7.8]), lack of health insurance (3.1 [1.4-6.9]), septic shock (1.9 [1.2-3.2]), and age ≥35 (1.9 [1.1-3.4]). CONCLUSIONS: The present cohort of PASS is the largest described to date. Chronic liver, CHF, GDM, anemia, drug abuse, and selected demographics were most strongly associated with development of PASS. The risk of PASS-associated death was highest with GDM, drug abuse and an uninsured state, nearly doubling with septic shock. Focus on delivery hospitalizations underestimates the burden of PASS and associated maternal mortality. The identified risk groups merit further study to limit occurrence of PASS and its associated mortality.
Maternal and perinatal outcomes of exercise in pregnant women with chronic hypertension and/or previous preeclampsia: A randomized controlled trial; Objectives. To evaluate the association between physical exercise supervised in pregnant women with chronic hypertension and/or previous preeclampsia and maternal and neonatal outcomes. Method. Randomized controlled trial, which included 116 pregnant women with chronic hypertension and/or previous preeclampsia, considered risk of preeclampsia development. They were divided into two groups: study group that performed physical exercise with a stationary bicycle once a week, for 30 minutes; the intensity was controlled (heart rate 20% above resting values), under professional supervision and a control group that was not engaged in any physical exercise. The data was retrieved from medical charts. Significance level assumed was 5%. Results. Women from study group performed 9.24 ± 7.03 of physical exercise sessions. There were no differences between groups comparing type of delivery and maternal outcomes, including maternal morbidity and hospitalization in intensive unit care, and neonatal outcomes, including birth weight, adequacy of weight to gestational age, prematurity, Apgar scale at first and fifth minutes, hospitalization in intensive unit care, and neonatal morbidity. Conclusions. Physical exercise using a stationary bicycle in pregnant women with chronic hypertension and/or previous preeclampsia, once a week, under professional supervision, did not interfere in the delivery method and did not produce maternal and neonatal risks of the occurrence of morbidity. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01395342. © 2013 Karina Tamy Kasawara et al.
Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia: Experience in a series of 17 cases; Objective: Hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia (HIH) is a genetically heterogeneous disorder with both familial and sporadic variants. Patients with HIH may present during the neonatal period, infancy, or childhood and may show transient, prolonged, and persistent features. In this study, we aimed to discuss our experience with HIH patients, based on a series of 17 patients. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the clinical and laboratory characteristics at the time of diagnosis and during treatment and evaluated the neurodevelopmental outcomes during follow-up in 17 HIH patients, who presented or were referred to the Pediatric Endocrinology Clinic of Dr. Sami Ulus Training and Research Children's Hospital between 1998 and 2011. The patients (7 male, 10 female) were aged between the first day of life and 7 years - 10 were in their first week of life, 6 in their infancy, and 1 in childhood. Results: None of the mothers had gestational diabetes. Hypoglycemic seizure (76.5%) was the most common presenting symptom. Medical treatment failed in two patients, and was stopped in eight patients. Of two diazoxide-unresponsive patients, one underwent near-total pancreatectomy, but hypoglycaemic episodes continued after surgery. The parents of other patient refused surgery, the medical treatment was continued, nevertheless, severe motor and mental retardation developed. At follow-up, 23.5% of the patients were found to have mild or moderate psychomotor retardation, and 23.5% developed epilepsy. There was no marked difference in neurological results between cases with onset in the neonatal period or in infancy. Conclusions: Clinical course and treatment response in HIH cases are very heterogeneous. Long-term careful monitoring is needed to detect and treat the complications. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology, Published by Galenos Publishing.
Assisted reproductive technologies are associated with cardiovascular remodeling in utero that persists postnatally; BACKGROUND - : Assisted reproductive technologies (ARTs) have been shown to be associated with general vascular dysfunction in late childhood. However, it is unknown whether cardiac remodeling is also present and if these changes already manifest in prenatal life. Our aim was to assess fetal and infant (6 months of age) cardiovascular function in ART pregnancies. METHODS AND RESULTS - : This prospective cohort study included 100 fetuses conceived by ART and 100 control pregnancies. ART fetuses showed signs of cardiovascular remodeling, including a more globular heart with thicker myocardial walls, decreased longitudinal function (tricuspid ring displacement in controls: median, 6.5 mm [interquartile range, 6.1-7.1 mm]; tricuspid ring displacement in ART: 5.5 mm [interquartile range, 5.1-6.1]; P<0.001), impaired relaxation, and dilated atria (atrial area in controls, 1.46 cm [interquartile range, 1.2-1.5 cm]; atrial area in ART, 1.6 cm [interquartile range, 1.3-1.8 cm]; P<0.001). Additionally, ART infants showed persistence of most cardiac changes and a significant increase in blood pressure and aortic intima-media thickness (systolic blood pressure in controls, 74 mm Hg [interquartile range, 67-83 mm Hg]; systolic blood pressure in ART, 83 mm Hg [interquartile range, 75-94 mm Hg]; P<0.001; aortic intima-media thickness in controls, 0.52 mm [interquartile range, 0.45-0.56 mm]; aortic intima-media thickness in ART, 0.64 mm [interquartile range, 0.62-0.67]; P<0.001). We could not demonstrate that our findings were directly caused by ART because of their association with various confounding factors, including intrauterine growth restriction or factors related to the cause of infertility. CONCLUSIONS - : Children conceived by ART manifest cardiac and vascular remodeling that is present in fetal life and persists in postnatal life, suggesting opportunities for early detection and potential intervention. The underlying mechanisms and the effect of potential confounders such as growth restriction or prematurity remain to be elucidated. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc.
High glucose level induces cardiovascular dysplasia during early embryo development; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has increased dramatically amongst multiethnic population. However, how gestational diabetes mellitus damages the developing embryo is still unknown. In this study, we used yolk sac membrane (YSM) model to investigate angiogenesis in the developing chick embryo. We determined that in the presence of high glucose, it retarded the growth and extension of the embryonic vascular plexus and it also reduced the density of the vasculature in yolk sac membrane model. Using the same strategy, we used the chorioallantoic membrane (CAM) as a model to investigate the influence of high glucose on the vasculature. We established that high glucose inhibited development of the blood vessel plexus and the blood vessels formed had a narrower diameter than control vessels. Concurrent with the abnormal angiogenesis, we also examined how it impacted cardiogenesis. We determined the myocardium in the right ventricle and left atrium were significantly thicker than the control and also there was a reduction in glycogen content in cardiomyocytes. The high glucose also induced excess reactive oxygen species (ROS) production in the cardiomyocytes. We postulated that it was the excess reactive oxygen species that damaged the cardiomyocytes resulting in cardiac hyperplasia.
Telemedicine in obstetrics; Telemedicine lends itself to several obstetric applications and is of growing interest in developed and developing nations worldwide. In this article we review current trends and applications within obstetrics practice. We searched electronic databases, March 2010 to September 2012, for telemedicine use studies related to obstetrics. Thirty-four of 101 identified studies are the main focus of review. Other relevant studies published before March 2010 are included. Telemedicine plays an important role as an adjunct to delivery of health care to remote patients with inadequate medical access in this era of limited resources and emphasis on efficient use of those available resources. © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Choice of early treatment regimen and impact on β-cell preservation in type 2 diabetes; The progressive deterioration of glycaemic control in individuals with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) results from insulin resistance combined with the ongoing loss of β-cell function. Although it had been suggested that most β-cell dysfunction occurs after the development of T2DM, studies have documented a substantial early loss of β-cell function, particularly during the prediabetic state. In patients diagnosed with T2DM, β-cell function continues to decline despite treatment with commonly prescribed antihyperglycaemic medications, and ultimately exogenous insulin administration is required to maintain optimal glycaemic control. Thus, interventions to address the early decline in β-cell function could potentially alter the course of T2DM, preventing or delaying its onset and decreasing the incidence of complications. Original research and review articles on this topic were identified in a PubMed search from January 2000 through August 2012. Data from prospective studies and clinical trials suggest that lifestyle modifications and certain antihyperglycaemic medications, including thiazolidinediones (TZDs), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) agonists, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors and insulin, may preserve or enhance β-cell function. The implication of current data is that early initiation of lifestyle modifications and antihyperglycaemic agents that preserve β-cell function might reverse or delay progression to T2DM in those with prediabetes. Moreover, improved β-cell function may confer more durable glucose control and perhaps reduce/delay the incidence of diabetic complications. Long-term studies are needed to validate this hypothesis. © Published 2013. This article is a U.S. Government work and is in the public domain in the USA.
Neonatal neck mass with associated Horner Syndrome: A unique presentation of neuroblastoma; Horner syndrome in infants less than 1 year of age is most commonly caused by birth trauma. Yet, Horner syndrome may be secondary to less common etiologies such as primary cervical neuroblastoma. Here, we describe a neonate presenting in the first month of life with Horner syndrome, elevated catecholamines, and a 2.5 cm congenital cervical neck mass in the setting of multiple congenital anomalies. This case highlights the importance of working up Horner Syndrome in children with a thorough physical exam for neck masses, ophthalmologic evaluation, urinary catecholamine screening, and MRI imaging to provide earlier diagnosis of congenital cervical neuroblastoma.
Importance of engaging obstetrician/gynecologists in cardiovascular disease prevention; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To review recent evidence regarding traditional and sex-specific factors identified among women during their reproductive years and their importance in lifetime risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD). RECENT FINDINGS: Longitudinal studies demonstrated a woman's burden of risk during her reproductive years is associated with future risk of CVD. Similarly, women with a healthy lifestyle are relatively protected and have the lowest lifetime risk. Some primary prevention strategies, when implemented during this age window, were cost-effective. The link between pregnancy outcome and future CVD risk is now better understood, and evidence now relates pregnancy-associated hypertension and diabetes, as well as a preterm delivery or a low birth weight delivery, to excess risk. Gaps in preventive healthcare for women in this age group included low rates of treatment initiation for hypertension and failure to follow guidelines for diabetes surveillance among women with a history of gestational diabetes. Knowledge gaps for standard CVD prevention, as well as the link between pregnancy complications and future CVD risk, were identified among both primary care providers and obstetrician/gynecologists. SUMMARY: Traditional and sex-specific risk factors for CVD present during women's reproductive years. Engaging the obstetrician/gynecologist provides a strategy to enhance prevention. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Kidney disease in pregnancy: (Women's health series); Kidney disease and pregnancy may exist in two general settings: acute kidney injury that develops during pregnancy, and chronic kidney disease that predates conception. In the first trimester of pregnancy, acute kidney injury is most often the result of hyperemesis gravidarum, ectopic pregnancy, or miscarriage. In the second and third trimesters, the common causes of acute kidney injury are severe preeclampsia, hemolysis-elevated liver enzymes-low platelets syndrome, acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and thrombotic microangiopathies, which may pose diagnostic challenges to the clinician. Cortical necrosis and obstructive uropathy are other conditions that may lead to acute kidney injury in these trimesters. Early recognition of these disorders is essential to timely treatment that can improve both maternal and fetal outcomes. In women with preexisting kidney disease, pregnancy-related outcomes depend upon the degree of renal impairment, the amount of proteinuria, and the severity of hypertension. Neonatal and maternal outcomes in pregnancies among renal transplant patients are generally good if the mother has normal baseline allograft function. Common renally active drugs and immunosuppressant medications must be prescribed, with special considerations in pregnant patients. Copyright © 2013 by The Southern Medical Association.
Does enhanced "bundling" criteria improve outcomes? A comparative study of elective inductions; OBJECTIVE: To assess outcomes and costs of dyads achieving elective induction bundle criteria with a favorable Bishop score. STUDY DESIGN: In a historical automated recordsbased cohort study, 180 dyads undergoing elective induction bundling at a single institution from 2009 to 2010 were compared to a pre-introduction of bundling cohort. The bundled cohort was then compared by Bishop score. RESULTS: The bundled cohort (n=180) had a lower cesarean delivery rate (12% vs. 21%, p = 0.01), but neonatal special or intensive care admissions were not statistically significant compared to the pre-introduction of bundling cohort (n = 473). Ninety-six percent (n = 173) of the bundled cohort achieved bundle criteria. Those with a Bishop score > 6 (52%, n=90) had fewer cesarean deliveries (4% vs. 19%, p = 0.003), fewer neonatal special or intensive care admissions (1% vs. 10%, p=0.015), shorter induction time to vaginal delivery (8.8 vs. 17 hrs, p<0.001), fewer cesareans for dystocia (75% vs. 94%, p=0.002) or fetal heart rate abnormalities (25% vs. 50%, p=0.015), and had one-sixth the average net income lost ($423 vs. $2,600, p<0.001) compared to bundle achievers with a Bishop score of ≤ 6. CONCLUSION: The elective induction bundle does not guarantee quality and should require favorable cervix instead of documented Bishop score to proceed with induction. © Journal of Reproductive Medicine®, Inc.
Cardiovascular disease in menopause: Does the obstetric history have any bearing?; Cardiovascular disease remains a leading cause of morbidity and mortality in menopausal women in spite of the overall reduction in age-adjusted mortality from the disease in the last few years. It is now clear that mechanisms of cardiovascular disease in menopausal women are similar to men and rather than midlife acceleration of cardiovascular disease in women, the final impact of cardiovascular disease in later life may be a reflection of cardiovascular changes during reproductive years as a result of woman's obstetric history. A decade after the Women's Health Initiative trial, there is upcoming evidence to suggest that hormone replacement therapy in young recently menopausal women has a cardioprotective effect. Cardiovascular changes during normal pregnancy or pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia may affect a woman's long-term cardiovascular health. Therefore, it is plausible that the cardioprotective benefit of hormone replacement therapy depends on occult pre-existing cardiovascular risks in women in relation to their previous obstetric history. In this review, we describe the cardiovascular changes during and after pregnancy in obstetric complications such as recurrent miscarriage, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, preterm labour and gestational diabetes; existing evidence regarding their association with cardiovascular disease later in life, and hypothesize possible mechanisms. Our aim is to improve the understanding and highlight the importance of including obstetric history in risk assessment in menopausal women and individualizing their risks before prescribing hormone replacement therapy. Future research in risk benefit assessment of hormone replacement therapy should also account for a woman's background cardiovascular risk in the light of her obstetric history. © The Author(s) 2013.
Purinergic signalling and diabetes; The pancreas is an organ with a central role in nutrient breakdown, nutrient sensing and release of hormones regulating whole body nutrient homeostasis. In diabetes mellitus, the balance is broken-cells can be starving in the midst of plenty. There are indications that the incidence of diabetes type 1 and 2, and possibly pancreatogenic diabetes, is rising globally. Events leading to insulin secretion and action are complex, but there is emerging evidence that intracellular nucleotides and nucleotides are not only important as intracellular energy molecules but also as extracellular signalling molecules in purinergic signalling cascades. This signalling takes place at the level of the pancreas, where the close apposition of various cells-endocrine, exocrine, stromal and immune cells-contributes to the integrated function. Following an introduction to diabetes, the pancreas and purinergic signalling, we will focus on the role of purinergic signalling and its changes associated with diabetes in the pancreas and selected tissues/organ systems affected by hyperglycaemia and other stress molecules of diabetes. Since this is the first review of this kind, a comprehensive historical angle is taken, and common and divergent roles of receptors for nucleotides and nucleosides in different organ systems will be given. This integrated picture will aid our understanding of the challenges of the potential and currently used drugs targeted to specific organ/cells or disorders associated with diabetes. © 2013 The Author(s).
Circulating microRNAs as novel biomarkers for diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is characterized by insulin secretion from pancreatic β cells that is insufficient to maintain blood glucose homeostasis. Autoimmune destruction of β cells results in type 1 diabetes mellitus, whereas conditions that reduce insulin sensitivity and negatively affect β-cell activities result in type 2 diabetes mellitus. Without proper management, patients with diabetes mellitus develop serious complications that reduce their quality of life and life expectancy. Biomarkers for early detection of the disease and identification of individuals at risk of developing complications would greatly improve the care of these patients. Small non-coding RNAs called microRNAs (miRNAs) control gene expression and participate in many physiopathological processes. Hundreds of miRNAs are actively or passively released in the circulation and can be used to evaluate health status and disease progression. Both type 1 diabetes mellitus and type 2 diabetes mellitus are associated with distinct modifications in the profile of miRNAs in the blood, which are sometimes detectable several years before the disease manifests. Moreover, circulating levels of certain miRNAs seem to be predictive of long-term complications. Technical and scientific obstacles still exist that need to be overcome, but circulating miRNAs might soon become part of the diagnostic arsenal to identify individuals at risk of developing diabetes mellitus and its devastating complications. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and its comorbidities - Where East meets West; Fetal programming associated with in utero exposure to maternal stress is thought to alter gene expression, resulting in phenotypes that promote survival in a pathogen-rich and nutrient-poor environment but substantially increase the risk of cardiovascular, metabolic and renal disorders (such as diabetes mellitus) in adults with obesity. These (epi)genetic phenomena are modified by environmental and socioeconomic factors, resulting in multiple subphenotypes and clinical consequences. In individuals from areas undergoing rapid economic development, which is associated with a transition from communicable to noncommunicable diseases, an efficient innate immune response can exaggerate obesity-associated inflammation. By contrast, in individuals with a genetic predisposition to autoimmune or monogenic diabetes mellitus, obesity can lead to atypical presentation of diabetes mellitus, termed 'double diabetes mellitus'. The increasingly young age at diagnosis of diabetes mellitus in developing countries results in prolonged exposure to glucolipotoxicity, low-grade inflammation and increased oxidative stress, which put enormous strain on pancreatic β cells and renal function. These conditions create a metabolic milieu conducive to cancer growth. This Review discusses how rapid changes in technology and human behaviour have brought on the global epidemic of metabolic diseases, and suggests that solutions will be based on using system change, technology and behavioural strategies to combat this societal-turned-medical problem. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes, maternal obesity, and the NCD burden; A greater proportion of women of reproductive age are now overweight or obese. Gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity are associated with long-term adverse consequences in the offspring and subsequent generations, and are important drivers of the escalating global burden of diabetes and cardiovascular disease. We review the evidence linking gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal obesity with a greater risk of metabolic compromise in the offspring. We use an evolutionary perspective to elucidate the origins of gestational diabetes. Focusing efforts on maternal health is an important approach to combating the growing burden of diabetes and other noncommunicable diseases. © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Instrumental vaginal delivery; The application of an instrument to facilitate the birth of a child is a process that dates back centuries. This review examines the current uses of obstetric forceps and ventouse and provides a brief reminder of the methods of application and techniques of delivery required with each instrument. © 2013.
Angiotensin converting enzyme 2: A new important player in the regulation of glycemia; In spite of the novel antidiabetic drugs available on the market, type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) affects nearly 25 million people in the USA and causes about 5% of all deaths globally each year. Given the rate and proportion by which T2DM is affecting human beings, it is indispensable to identify new therapeutic targets that can control the disease. Recent preclinical and clinical studies suggest that attenuating the activity of the renin-angiotensin system (RAS) could improve glycemia in diabetic patients. Angiotensin-converting enzyme 2 (ACE2) counteracts RAS overactivity by degrading angiotensin-II (Ang-II), a vasoconstrictor, to Ang-(1-7) which is a vasodilator. A decrease in ACE2 and an increase in A disintegrin and metalloproteinase (ADAM17)-mediated shedding activity have been observed with the progression of T2DM, suggesting the importance of this mechanism in the disease. Indeed, restoration of ACE2 improves glycemia in db/db and Ang-II-infused mice. The beneficial effects of ACE2 can be attributed to reduced oxidative stress and ADAM17 expression in the islets of Langerhans in addition to the improvement of blood flow to the β-cells. The advantage of ACE2 over other RAS blockers is that ACE2 not only counteracts the negative effects of Ang-II but also increases Ang-(1-7)/Mas receptor (MasR) [a receptor through which Ang-(1-7) produces its actions] signaling in the cells. Increased Ang-(1-7)/MasR signaling has been reported to improve insulin sensitivity and glycemia in diabetic animals. Altogether, ACE2/Ang-(1-7)/MasR axis of the RAS appears to be protective in T2DM and strategies to restore ACE2 levels in the disease seem to be a promising therapy for Ang-II-mediated T2DM. © 2013 IUBMB Life, 65(9):731-738, 2013 © 2013 International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology.
Maternal morbidity and risk of death at delivery hospitalization; OBJECTIVE:: To examine the effect of underlying maternal morbidities on the odds of maternal death during delivery hospitalization. METHODS:: We used data that linked birth certificates to hospital discharge diagnoses from singleton live births at 22 weeks of gestation or later during 1995-2003 in New York City. Maternal morbidities examined included prepregnancy weight more than 114 kilograms (250 pounds), chronic hypertension, pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus, chronic cardiovascular disease, pulmonary hypertension, chronic lung disease, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), and preeclampsia or eclampsia. Associations with maternal mortality were estimated using multivariate logistic regression. RESULTS:: During the specified time period, 1,084,862 live singleton births and 132 maternal deaths occurred. Patients with increasing maternal age, non-Hispanic black ethnicity, self-pay or Medicaid, primary cesarean delivery, and premature delivery had higher rates of maternal mortality during delivery hospitalization. From the entire study population, 4.1% had preeclampsia or eclampsia (n=44,004), 1.8% had chronic hypertension (n=19,647), 1.1% of patients were classified as obese (n=11,936), 0.7% had pregestational diabetes (n=7,474), 0.4% had HIV (n=4,665), and 0.01% had pulmonary hypertension (n=166). Preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 8.1; 95% confidence interval [CI], 5.5-12.1), chronic hypertension (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 4.7-12.5), underlying maternal obesity (adjusted OR, 2.9; 95% CI 1.1-8.1), pregestational diabetes (adjusted OR, 3.3; 95% CI 1.3-8.1), HIV (adjusted OR, 7.7; 95% CI 3.4-17.8), and pulmonary hypertension (adjusted OR, 65.1; 95% CI 15.8-269.3) were associated with an increased risk of death during the delivery hospitalization. CONCLUSION:: The presence of maternal disease significantly increases the odds of maternal mortality at the time of delivery hospitalization. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Seaweeds as potential therapeutic interventions for the metabolic syndrome; Seaweeds are a characteristic part of the traditional diet in countries such as Japan and Korea; these countries also have a lower prevalence of metabolic syndrome than countries such as the USA and Australia. This suggests that seaweeds may contain compounds that reduce the characteristic signs of obesity, diabetes, hypertension, fatty liver and inflammation in the metabolic syndrome. Potentially bioactive compounds from seaweeds include polysaccharides, peptides, pigments, minerals and omega-3 fatty acids. This review emphasises current research on these compounds in isolated cells, animal models and patients. Key problems for future research include chemical characterisation of the bioactive principles, defining pharmacological responses in all aspects of the metabolic syndrome, determining if a therapeutic dose has been administered, and defining oral bioavailability of the active ingredients. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Increased plasma and placental advanced oxidation protein products levels in gestational diabetes mellitus with placental vascular complications; Background/Objectives: Advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) as a novel biomarker of oxidative stress is prevalent in diverse disorders such as diabetes, metabolic syndromes, and chronic kidney disease. Accumulated plasma AOPP has been demonstrated to play an important role in a wide-range of pathogenesis such as progression of atherosclerosis, vascular endothelial cell activation, podocyte apoptosis and insulin resistance in vitro. The research was to investigate whether accumulation of plasma and placental AOPP were associated with placenta-mediated pregnancy complications(PMPC) in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Fifty-three GDMpatients, including 24 with and 29 withoutPMPC were enrolled. Thirty healthy singleton pregnant women were selected as control during March 1st,2010 and January 1st,2012 in Nanfang Hospital, Guangzhou, China.PMPC included preeclampsia(n=15), intrauterine growth restriction(n=3), intrauterine fetal demise(n=6). Plasma samples were collected at admission before delivery and approximately 42 days postpartum. Placental sampleswere obtainedimmediately after delivery from23 normal pregnancies, 24 and 23 GDM patients with or without PMPC. We measured plasma levels of AOPP, glucose, lipid, and hormone profiles. The clinical features and the laboratory parameters were analyzed. Pearson correlation was performed to evaluate the associations between plasma AOPP level and glucose, lipid profiles as well as insulin resistance. Results: The mean plasma AOPP levels were significantly different among normal pregnancies, GDM without or with PMPC (48.7 ± 8.2mmol/L, 63.5 ± 13.1mmol/L and 89.6 ± 10.8mmol/L). Higher levels of placental AOPP were observed in GDM with PMPC when compared to normal pregnancies and GDMwithoutPMPC (46.8± 6.5mmol/mg protein,16.4± 5.6mmol/mg protein and 25.8 ± 6.1mmol/mg protein). Pearson correlation analysis demonstrated plasma AOPP were positively correlated with placental AOPP (r = 0.82; P<.01), fasting glucose (r = 0.41; P<.01), A1C (r = 0.65; P<.01), triglyceride (r = 0.38; P<.01) and insulin resistance (HOMA index) (r = 0.76; P<.01). Conclusions: Increased plasma AOPP may contribute to the glucose, lipid metabolic dysfunction and insulin resistance in women with GDM and accumulation of placental AOPP may participate in the pathogenesis of PMPC. Further research about the relevance between the level of AOPP and the onset of PMPC in GDM was needed in order to have a profound prospective in oxidative stress.
Assessment of cardiac parameters in large for gestational age infants in mothers with &without gestational diabetes: Correlation with placental pathology; Introduction: Large for gestational age (LGA) is defined as birth weight above the 90-th percentile for that gestational age. Maternal pre and gestational diabetes (GDM) and obesity are major risk factors leading to LGA babies. Perinatal hyperglycemia is thought to be the teratogen or causative agent, leading to major fetal complications, stillbirth, increased C-Sections and health care costs. Incidence of asymmetric septal hypertrophy (ASH) is of 31-38% in LGA newborns of GDM mothers, and 7% in nongestational diabetic mothers (NGDM). To this date, no study has distinguished and compared ASH findings in LGA newborns born to GDM/ NGDM mothers in comparison with placental pathology findings. Objectives: 1. Identify differences in placental pathology between GDM and NGDM mothers of LGA infants. 2. To examine the correlation between placental pathology findings and cardiac parameters in LGA infants. 3. To find correlations between maternal risk factors and cardiac parameters in LGA infants. Methodology: This is a retrospective study. Study subjects were LGA babies term newborns (GA 37- 40weeks) born to mothers with GDM (n=31) and NGDM (n=36). All babies were matched in terms of gestational age (GA) and mode of delivery and gender and underwent cardiac echocardiography (Echo) in the hospital before discharge as a part of routine care. Placental pathology reports are analyzed for placental parameters. Statistical analysis of categorical variables was carried out using chi-square and Fisher's exact tests as appropriate. Comparison of means was carried out using Student's t-test. A Pearson's correlation coefficient (r) calculation and multiple regression analysis performed on significant findings. Results: There are no significant differences between the 2 groups of LGA newborns. However, Body mass Index (BMI) was found to be higher in mothers with GDM. Placental thickness (not dimensions) was significantly increased in the GDM group but had no association to cardiac structural paramters. Correlating maternal BMI with different cardiac parameters in all LGA subjects showed a semi linear relationship with cardiac septal thickness (ST) (p=0.03, (95%CI, 1.8-44). Therewas no relationship between maternal BMI and other cardiac parameters. Cardiac ST correlation with placental basal myofibers (p=0.031) did not persist after controlling for other cardiac findings in regression analysis. Conclusion: 1. High maternal BMI is a major risk factor for GDM and ASH in the newborn. 2. Thick placenta could represent a marker for abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy. 3. Placental pathology exam has become to play a pivotal role in identifying newborns at risk for GDM related cardiac disease and opens the door for early interference. 4. Comparing the study findings to normal newborns in ongoing.
Tropical spastic paraparesis: A case report; PMH of asthma and gestational diabetes who was admitted with a 6-month history of back pain, bilateral lower extremity weakness, stiffness and incontinence of bladder. Her gait progressively worsened requiring the use of cane. The neurological examination was positive for right arm drift, increased tone in bilateral lower extremities, MMT 5/5 in the left UE and 4/5 in the right UE and 3+ DTR in bilateral LE with upgoing plantars. Patient was unable to walk without support. The MRI of whole spine with/without contrast was unremarkable. MRI of the brain with contrast revealed heterogeneous T1 hypointense signal and enhancement within the medulla but were nonspecific. Serum ANA - Qual was positive, Anti RNP positive, Anti - Sc1-70 positive, HTLV-I / HTLV-II reactive, Vit B12 WNL, CSF slightly increased protein. Setting: Tertiary medical center Results or Clinical Course: The patient was started on PO baclofen and pain medication with improvement in spasticity and gait dysfunction in 2 weeks. Discussion: Tropical spastic paraparesis is a rare myelopathic disorder associated with HTLV-I/HTLV-II infections. It is characterized by an insidious onset of slowly progressive weakness and spasticity of one or both legs, together with hyperreflexia, ankle clonus, extensor plantar responses, and low back pain. Other features include detrusor instability leading to nocturia, urinary frequency, incontinence, and minor sensory changes, especially paresthesias and loss of vibration sense. Cognitive function is unaffected and there is no upper limb involvement usually. Conclusions: Spasticity is one of the manifestations of tropical spastic paraparesis. If not properly addressed and treated it may hinder the rehabilitation course and prevent the patient from being optimized for therapy.
Aortic stiffness and wave reflections in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus: A longitudinal study; Introduction: Pregnancy is associated with profound cardiovascular adaptation. A reduction in wave reflections has been reported early in the course of normal pregnancy, and cross-sectional studies show greater arterial stiffness in gestational diabetes than in normal pregnancy. however, the complex time-dependent behaviour of maternal cardiovascular hemodynamics in normal and diabetic pregnancy can only be appreciated in longitudinal studies. Methods: Thirty-six women with gestational diabetes (34 ± 4 years, BP 111/69 ± 13/8 mmHg) and 32 with normal pregnancy (33 ± 3 years, BP 113/69 ± 9/ 8 mmHg) were examined 3 times, at a gestational age of 30 and 35 weeks, and 12 weeks after delivery. Carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV, SphygmoCOr) and heart-rate adjusted aortic augmentation index (AIx@75) were evaluated. In order to account for missing data, the changes of hemodynamic parameters over time were assessed using mixed models with an unstructured covariance matrix, and time and status (normal vs diabetic pregnancy) as fixed effects. Results: Compared to women with normal pregnancies, women with gestational diabetes had a significantly higher cfPWV (p = 0.004, Fig. 17a), both during pregnancy (6.1 ± 0.9 vs 5.7 ± 0.8 m/s at week 30, 6.4 ± 0.9 vs 5.9 ± 0.9 at week 35) and after delivery (p = 7.0 ± 1.0 vs 6.3 ± 1.1 m/s). Adjustment for age and MAP did not change the results. AIx@75 did not differ between the two groups (p = 0.39). In both groups, cfPWV was significantly lower at 30 and 35 weeks than after delivery (Fig. 17b, both p<0.001). Also AIx@75 was markedly lower during pregnancy than after delivery (both p<0.001). (Figer Presented) Conclusions: We conclude that (1) compared with normal pregnancy, gestational diabetes is associated with a higher aortic stiffness, which remains significantly elevated 3 months after delivery; (2) no significant differences in wave reflection are present in normal and diabetic pregnancies; and (3) compared with the post-partum period, aortic stiffness and aortic augmentation are significantly reduced during the third trimester of gestation, both in normal pregnancies and in gestational diabetes.
Post-mortem magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in a critically ill infant as a complementary tool for diagnosis of PMM2-CDG; PMM2-CDG is the most frequent glycosylation disorder affecting the N-glycosylation pathway. Pediatric patients have a broad and variable clinical picture that affects nearly all systems. A 5.5-month-old girl, with dysmorphic features, inverted nipple, and abnormal fat distribution, admitted because of fever, gastroenteritis and focal seizures. She was born at 36th gestational week with a birthweight of 2790 g. There was a history of early membrane rupture, gestational diabetes, surfactant treatment, and neonatal hypoglycemia episodes. She presented with bilateral sensorineural deafness, abnormal liver function tests, pericardial effusion, and hypothyroidism at the age of 2 months. During the course of the disease she developed respiratory insufficiency, abnormalities in coagulation parameters, electrolyte disturbances, and died due to cardiac arrest. CDG screening revealed type 1 pattern. Postmortem MRI showed subgaleal bleeding in the parietal region, diffuse hpomyelinisation, middle cerebellar peduncle and severe cerebellar atrophy, increased cerebellar cortical intensity. Diagnosis of PMM2-CDG was confirmed by molecular diagnosis. Dysmorphic features, inverted nipple and abnormal fat distribution trigger diagnostic effort for CDG. In critically ill patients in whom the results are pending and/or a neuroimaging study is not suitable, postmortem MRI can serve as a complementary tool to define the CNS involvement and aid in differential diagnosis.
Arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia in pregnant woman submitted to cesarean section; Purpose/Objective: Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dysplasia (ARVD) is characterized by fibrofatty replacement of the right ventricular myocardium, ultimately causing failure and malignant arrhythmias. The aim is to highlight the importance of knowledge of this disease and its anesthetic implications. Materials and Methods: Pregnant of 37 weeks, 33 years, ASA III, proposed for elective cesarean section. History of ARVD, mitral valve prolapse, hyperthyroidism and gestational diabetes. Treated with Sotalol. Family history of sudden cardiac death. After administration of midazolam, lumbar epidural anesthesia was realized (L4-L5 level). Results: During surgery there was a period of self-limiting supraventricular tachycardia maintained for 20 seconds without hemodynamic instability. The postoperative period was uneventful. Conclusions: ARVD must be face as a propensity to arrhythmias and emergency means should be available and accessible. Should be performed anxiolysis because acute emotional stress can trigger arrhythmias. Beta blockers should be kept in the perioperative period, even in the surgery morning. Despite the absence of specific recommendations on the use or prevention of any anesthetic drug or technique in ARVD, the choice should be based primarily on the degree of cardiac dysfunction. For these reasons it was considered one the epidural technique is safe and suitable in this case.
Serum adiponectin levels in women with previous gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and metabolic syndrome later in life. As both decreased adiponectin levels and GDM are important predictors of abnormal glucose metabolism, insulin resistance, and metabolic syndrome, we sought to investigate (1) the association between prior GDM status and current adiponectin levels and (2) the determinants of adiponectin levels 3 years after delivery. Materials and methods: Our nested case-control study included 97 women with previous GDM and 44 with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (age [mean±SD]: 35.4±3.9 vs. 33.6±3.6 yrs, P=0.011; BMI: 25.7±5.6 vs. 24.0±4.3 kg/m2, P NS). Thirty-four women(24.1%) had glucose intolerance (GI - diabetes mellitus, impaired fasting glucose, or impaired glucose tolerance) at follow-up. We collected data on lifestyle measures (questionnaire), anthropometry, and blood pressure (physical examination). Blood samples were drawn in the fasting state and during a 75g OGGT for the determination of serum glucose, insulin, creatinine, HbA1c, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG), and blood lipids. Insulin sensitivity and insulin secretion was determined using homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) calculator. Serum adiponectin concentrations were measured by Quantikine Human Total Adiponectin Immunoassay (R&D System Minneapolis, USA; 4.5 hour solid-phase ELISA). Results: Serum adiponectin levels were lower in prior GDM women compared to controls (9.44±4.41 vs. 12.33±6.83 μg/ml, P=0.013) however they were similar among GI and normal glucose tolerant women (9.19±4.81 vs. 10.71±5.58 μg/ml, P NS). Negative correlations were found between serum adiponectin and BMI (r=-0.298), waist circumference (r=-0.349), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (r=-0.210/-0.215), HbA1c (r=-0.184), fasting and 2-hour insulin (r=-0.248/-0.329), HOMA-2B (r=-0.283), serum triglycerides (r=-0.245), LDL-cholesterol (r=-0.319) and GDM status (r=-0.172). HOMA-2S (r=0.210), HDL-cholesterol (r=0.296) and SHBG (r=0.296) correlated positively with serum adiponectin. In multiple linear regression, waist circumference, serum triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol were positively, while hip circumference and SHBG were negatively related to serum adiponectin (all P<0.05). Conclusion: The opposing direction of association between adiponectin and waist or hip circumference in the multivariate model raises the hypothesis that subcutaneous fat may play a protective role in the development of insulin resistance.
Natural time course of aortic stiffness and wave reflections in normal pregnancy and in gestational diabetes: A longitudinal study; Pregnancy is associated with profound vascular adaptive changes. Cross-sectional studies show greater arterial stiffness in gestational diabetes than in normal pregnancy. However, the time course of maternal cardiovascular hemodynamics in normal and diabetic pregnancy can only be appreciated in longitudinal studies. Thirty-six women with gestational diabetes (34±5 years, BP 111/69±13/8 mmHg) and 36 with normal pregnancy (33±3 years, BP 111/68±10/8 mmHg) were examined 3 times, at a gestational age of 30 and 35 weeks, and 12 weeks after delivery. On each occasion, tonometry-based carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (cfPWV) and heart-rate corrected aortic augmentation index (AIx@75) were obtained (SphygmoCor). Compared to women with normal pregnancies, women with gestational diabetes had a higher age- and mean arterial pressure-adjusted cfPWV (p<0.001, Figure), both during pregnancy (6.2±0.9 vs 5.7±0.8 m/s at week 30, 6.3±0.9 vs 5.8±0.9 at week 35) and after delivery (p = 7.1±1.0 vs 6.3±1.1 m/s). AIx did not differ between the two groups (p = 0.51). In both groups, cfPWV was significantly lower at 30 and 35 weeks than after delivery (Figure, both p<0.001). AIx@75 and central SBP were markedly lower during pregnancy than after delivery (both p<0.001), despite unchanged brachial SBP. Conclusions: (1) compared with normal pregnancy, gestational diabetes is associated with a higher aortic stiffness, which remains elevated 3 months after delivery; (2) no significant differences in wave reflection are present in normal and diabetic pregnancies; and (3) aortic stiffness and augmentation are lower during the third trimester of gestation than after delivery, both in normal pregnancies and in gestational diabetes. (figure present).
Analysis of maternal and fetal cardiovascular systems during hyperglycemic pregnancy in the nonobese diabetic mouse; Preconception or gestationally induced diabetes increases morbidities and elevates long-term cardiovascular disease risks in women and their children. Spontaneously hyperglycemic (d)- NOD/ShiLtJ female mice, a type 1 diabetes model, develop bradycardia and hypotension after midpregnancy compared with normoglycemic, age- and gestational day (GD)-matched control (c-NOD) females. We hypothesized that onset of the placental circulation at GD 9-10 and rapid fetal growth from GD 14 correlate with aberrant hemodynamic outcomes in d- NOD females. To develop further gestational time-course correlations between maternal cardiac and renal parameters, high-frequency ultrasonography was applied to d- and c-NOD mice (virgin and at GD 8-16). Cardiac output and left ventricular (LV) mass increased in c-NOD but not in d-NOD mice. Ultrasound and postmortem histopathology showed overall greater LV dilation in d-NOD than in c-NOD mice at mid to late gestation. These changes suggest blunted remodeling and altered functional adaptation of d-NOD hearts. Umbilical cord ultrasounds revealed lower fetal heart rates from GD 12 and lower umbilical flow velocities at GD 14 and GD 16 in d- NOD versus c-NOD pregnancies. From GD 14 to GD 16, d- NOD fetal losses exceeded c-NOD fetal losses. Similar aberrant responses in pregnancies of women with diabetes may elevate postpartum maternal and child cardiovascular risk, particularly if mothers lack adequate prenatal care or have poor glycemic control during gestation. © 2013 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Aorta structural alterations in term neonates: The role of birth and maternal characteristics; Aim. To evaluate the influence of selected maternal and neonatal characteristics on aorta walls in term, appropriately grown-for-gestational age newborns. Methods. Age, parity, previous abortions, weight, height, body mass index before and after delivery, smoking, and history of hypertension, of diabetes, of cardiovascular diseases, and of dyslipidemia were all assessed in seventy mothers. They delivered 34 males and 36 females healthy term newborns who underwent ultrasound evaluation of the anteroposterior infrarenal abdominal aorta diameter (APAO), biochemical profile (glucose, insulin, total cholesterol, HDL and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, and D-dimers homeostasis model assessment [HOMAindex), and biometric parameters. Results. APAO was related to newborn length (r = + 0.36; P = 0.001), head circumference (r = + 0.37; P = 0.001), gestational age (r = + 0.40, P = 0.0005), HOMA index (r = + 0.24; P = 0.04), and D-dimers (r = + 0.33, P = 0.004). Smoke influenced APAO values (odds ratio: 1.80; confidence interval 95%: 1.05-3.30), as well as diabetes during pregnancy (r = + 0.42, P = 0.0002). Maternal height influenced neonatal APAO (r = + 0.47, P = 0.00003). Multiple regression analysis outlined neonatal D-dimers as still significantly related to neonatal APAO values. Conclusions. Many maternal and neonatal characteristics could influence aorta structures. Neonatal D-dimers are independently related to APAO. © 2013 Marco Matteo Ciccone et al.
A rare presentation of a newborn with subcutaneous fat necrosis; Subcutaneous fat necrosis of newborn is a form of panniculitis that often occurs in term and post-term neonate with predisposing risk factors such as perinatal asphyxia and maternal gestational diabetes. A cutaneous involvement may be associated with metabolic complications such as hypoglycemia, hypercalcemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Here, we present a case of Subcutaneous fat necrosis of newborn with bilateral symmetrical involvement of both axillas in a perinatal asphyxiated newborn that has not been previously described in the literature. In this case, there were no major complications apart from asymptomatic hypercalcemia. © OMSB, 2013.
Cardiometabolic consequences of gestational dysglycemia; The development of gestational diabetes and even milder forms of dysglycemia during pregnancy represents a maternal phenotype at increased subsequent risk for developing type 2 diabetes mellitus, metabolic syndrome, and, with time, overt cardiovascular disease. A careful and systematic dissection of the hormonal, metabolic, and vascular changes occurring in such women during pregnancy and over the postpartum years provides a unique opportunity to identify conventional and novel conditions and biomarkers whose modification may attenuate adverse long-term outcomes, particularly cardiovascular risk. The purpose of this review is to summarize current understanding of the magnitude of such risk and its potential causes, with a particular focus on postpartum alterations in endothelial and vascular smooth muscle responsiveness. © 2013 American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Association between maternal chronic conditions and congenital heart defects: A population-based cohort study; Background-This study quantifies the association between maternal medical conditions/illnesses and congenital heart defects (CHDs) among infants. Methods and Results-We carried out a population-based study of all mother-infant pairs (n=2 278 838) in Canada (excluding Quebec) from 2002 to 2010 using data from the Canadian Institute for Health Information. CHDs among infants were classified phenotypically through a hierarchical grouping of International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision, Canada codes. Maternal conditions such as multifetal pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and congenital heart disease were defined by use of diagnosis codes. The association between maternal conditions and CHDs and its subtypes was modeled using logistic regression with adjustment for maternal age, parity, residence, and other factors. There were 26 488 infants diagnosed with CHDs at birth or at rehospitalization in infancy; the overall CHD prevalence was 116.2 per 10 000 live births, of which the severe CHD rate was 22.3 per 10 000. Risk factors for CHD included maternal age ≥40 years (adjusted odds ratio [aOR], 1.48; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.39-1.58), multifetal pregnancy (aOR, 4.53; 95% CI, 4.28-4.80), diabetes mellitus (type 1: aOR, 4.65; 95% CI, 4.13-5.24; type 2: aOR, 4.12; 95% CI, 3.69-4.60), hypertension (aOR, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.61-2.03), thyroid disorders (aOR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.26-1.67), congenital heart disease (aOR, 9.92; 95% CI, 8.36-11.8), systemic connective tissue disorders (aOR, 3.01; 95% CI, 2.23-4.06), and epilepsy and mood disorders (aOR, 1.41; 95% CI, 1.16-1.72). Specific CHD subtypes were associated with different maternal risk factors. Conclusions-Several chronic maternal medical conditions, including diabetes mellitus, hypertension, connective tissue disorders, and congenital heart disease, confer an increased risk of CHD in the offspring. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc.
An association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity; Objective To investigate whether a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for subsequent long-term cardiovascular morbidity. Design A population-based study. Setting Soroka University Medical Center, a tertiary centre in the southern region of Israel. Patients A cohort of women with and without a diagnosis of GDM who delivered during the years 1988-1999 with a follow-up period until 2010. Interventions A comparison of the incidence of cardiovascular morbidity. Results Of 47 909 deliveries that met the inclusion criteria, 4928 (10.3%) occurred in patients who were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than 10 years, compared with women who gave birth at the same time period, after adjustment for age and ethnicity, patients with GDM had higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity including non-invasive cardiac diagnostic procedures (OR=1.8; 95% CI 1.4 to 2.2), simple cardiovascular events (OR=2.7; 95% CI 2.4 to 3.1) and total cardiovascular hospitalisations (OR=2.3; 95% CI 2.0 to 2.5). In a Cox proportional hazards model, adjusted for comorbidities such as pre-eclampsia and obesity, GDM was independently associated with cardiovascular hospitalisations (adjusted HR 2.6, 95% CI 2.3 to 3). Conclusions GDM is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade.
2D-DIGE to identify proteins associated with gestational diabetes in omental adipose tissue; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a significant risk factor for the type 2 diabetes epidemic in many populations. Maternal adipose tissue plays a central role in the pathophysiology of GDM. Thus, the aim of this study was to determine the effect of GDM on the proteome of adipose tissue. Omental adipose tissue was obtained at the time of term Caesarean section from women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) or GDM. 2D-difference gel electrophoresis (DIGE), followed by mass spectrometry, was used to identify protein spots (n=6 patients per group). Western blotting was used for confirmation of six of the spot differences (n=6 patients per group). We found 14 proteins that were differentially expressed between NGT and GDM adipose tissue (≥1.4-fold, P<0.05). GDM was associated with an up-regulation of four proteins: collagen alpha-2(VI) chain (CO6A2 (COL6A2)), fibrinogen beta chain (FIBB (FGB)), lumican (LUM) and S100A9. On the other hand, a total of ten proteins were found to be down-regulated in adipose tissue from GDM women. These were alpha-1-antitrypsin (AIAT (SERPINA1)), annexin A5 (ANXA5), fatty acid-binding protein, adipocyte (FABP4), glutathione S-transferase P (GSTP (GSTP1)), heat-shock protein beta-1 (HSP27 (HSPB1)), lactate dehydrogenase B chain (LDHB), perilipin-1 (PLIN1), peroxiredoxin-6 (PRX6 (PRDX6)), selenium-binding protein 1 (SBP1) and vinculin (VINC (VCL)). In conclusion, proteomic analysis of omental fat reveals differential expression of several proteins in GDM patients and NGT pregnant women. This study revealed differences in expression of proteins that are involved in inflammation, lipid and glucose metabolism and oxidative stress and added further evidence to support the role of visceral adiposity in the pathogenesis of GDM. © 2013 Society for Endocrinology Printed in Great Britain.
Maternal rhabdomyolysis and twin fetal death associated with gestational diabetes insipidus; Background: Gestational diabetes insipidus is a rare, transient complication of pregnancy typically characterized by polyuria and polydipsia that may lead to mild electrolyte abnormalities. More severe sequelae of gestational diabetes insipidus are uncommon. Case: We present a case of a 25-year-old woman at 23 weeks of gestation in a dichorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy who developed severe symptomatic gestational diabetes insipidus complicated by rhabdomyolysis and death of both fetuses. Conclusion: Maternal rhabdomyolysis caused by gestational diabetes insipidus is extremely rare. Early recognition and treatment of gestational diabetes insipidus is necessary to prevent maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. © 2013 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Pharmacological strategies for preventing type 2 diabetes in patients with impaired glucose tolerance; Type 2 diabetes is an increasingly prevalent disease in the United States, and is associated with microvascular and macrovascular complications. Prediabetes, which is defined as impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and/or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), increases the risk of development of type 2 diabetes. Lifestyle improvements, including weight loss and increased physical activity are effective in reducing the conversion of IGT to type 2 diabetes by 58%. However, lifestyle interventions alone may be difficult to maintain. Oral pharmacological agents used to treat type 2 diabetes that improve insulin sensitivity, preserve beta cell function and delay carbohydrate metabolism have been shown to prevent the progression of IGT to type 2 diabetes. The risk reduction of diabetes using metformin, pioglitazone, acarbose, valsartan and orlistat in clinical studies has ranged from 14 to 72%. Therefore, persons with IGT tolerance may benefit from pharmacological therapy to prevent the development of type 2 diabetes. Copyright © 2013 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Risk factors of congenital heart defects in fetal and infants born from 2004 to 2011 in Guangdong; Objective: To analyze the risk factors of congenital heart defects (CHD) in fetal and infants born from 2004 to 2011 in Guangdong province. Methods: Babies with CHD aged from 28th week of gestation to 1 year old postnatal from July 1 2004 to December 31 2011 were registered in Guangdong CHD monitoring network with 34 participating units. Totally 2568 CHD cases were included, and 1:1 matched with a normal control cohort by gender, living district and birth date (time span within 3 months). Exposed information of mother and father at pre-pregnancy and early pregnancy was collected. Post collinearity diagnostics analysis, univariate analysis results were included in a multivariate analysis model with forward stepwise conditional logistic regression. Results: Multivariate conditional logistic regression analysis showed that high risk factors for CHD included low birth weight infant (OR=5.34, P<0.01), macrosomia (OR=1.67, P<0.05), low per capita income (0-1200 yuan, OR=1.68, P<0.01), exposure to chemical agent at early pregnancy (OR=19.72, P<0.01), floating population (OR=2.13, P<0.01), abnormal reproductive history (OR=3.18, P<0.01), exposure to passive smoking (OR=2.59, P<0.01), suffering from fever (OR=3.74, P<0.01), equal to or more than twice parity (OR=1.45, P<0.01), living in a newly (within six months)-decorated-apartment (OR=2.74, P<0.01), suffering from virus infection (OR=2.08, P<0.01), rural residence (OR=1.33, P<0.01), living in an apartment within 50 meters of major traffic road (OR=1.52, P<0.01), syphilis infection at early pregnancy (OR=13.06, P<0.05) and father's drinking habit at pre-pregnancy (OR=1.57, P<0.05). Conclusion: Numerous risk factors for CHD in fetal and infants of Guangdong province are indicated by our results, comprehensive intervention should be considered in pre-pregnancy and early pregnancy to reduce the risk of CHD. Copyright © 2013 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Berry syndrome: A possible genetic link; Berry syndrome comprises a rare combination of heart defects that includes aortopulmonary window, interrupted aortic arch, intact ventricular septum, and aortic origin of the right pulmonary artery. We report the case of a neonate confirmed to have Berry syndrome by transthoracic echocardiogram and computed tomography (CT). This neonate had the additional finding of an aberrant right subclavian artery arising from the descending aorta. A single-stage repair was successfully performed when the infant was 7 days of age. Genetic testing showed a 102-kb deletion within chromosome band 9p24.2; this deletion has not been previously linked to congenital heart defects. Berry syndrome can be diagnosed accurately by transthoracic echocardiogram and CT. There may be an underlying genetic etiology, and this possibility warrants further investigation. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Is Tako-tsubo syndrome in the postpartum period a clinical entity different from peripartum cardiomyopathy?; AIMS: To conduct a systematic review of case reports about Tako-tsubo syndrome (TTS) after delivery in order to assess whether TTS in the postpartum period is a peculiar entity or only a variant form of peripartum cardiomyopathy. METHODS: We performed a systematic literature search on the occurrence of TTS after Cesarean section or spontaneous delivery using the scientific literature databases Medline, EMBASE and the Cochrane library. We selected 14 case reports in English. Primary/elective cesarean section or spontaneous delivery; absence of preexisting cardiovascular disease or fetal malformations; identification of diagnostic criteria for TTS; onset of TTS symptoms after delivery were the inclusion criteria. RESULTS: Fifteen cases were selected. Cesarean section 24h before the onset of TTS was reported in 13. All patients presented dyspnea or chest pain. The majority had mild troponin elevation, non-ST-segment elevation. Apical ballooning was observed in 60% of cases, midventricular ballooning in 33%, basal ballooning in 7%. Although 13 patients experienced acute cardiac complications (pulmonary edema, cardiogenic shock, cardiac arrest), in all left ventricular systolic function normalized within 13.43±10.96 days. CONCLUSION: Women in the postpartum period, notably after Cesarean delivery, may represent another new vulnerable group at increased risk for TTS. TTS in the postpartum period should be considered a clinical entity different from peripartum cardiomyopathy with specific clinical, therapeutic and prognostic implications. © 2013 Italian Federation of Cardiology.
Risk factors, clinical presentation, and neuroimaging findings of neonatal perforator stroke; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE-: To date, studies on neonatal stroke have mainly focused on cortical stroke. We have focused on perforator strokes, noncortical strokes in the arterial vascular perforator area. We sought to identify risk factors and evaluate clinical presentation and neuroimaging findings for neonatal perforator stroke, which seems to be under-recognized. METHODS-: All infants admitted to our tertiary intensive care unit in ≈12 years, whose perforator stroke was diagnosed with postnatal brain imaging, were enrolled in this study. Demographic, perinatal, and postnatal data were evaluated. RESULTS-: Seventy-nine perforator strokes were detected in 55 patients (28 boys), with a median gestational age of 37 1/7 weeks (range 24 1/7 to 42 1/7 weeks, 25 preterm). Perforator stroke was asymptomatic in most patients (58%). Initial diagnosis was predominantly made with cranial ultrasound (80%) in the first week of life (60%). Risk factors for stroke were present in all cases: maternal, fetal, and perinatal. Likely pathogenic mechanisms were prolonged birth asphyxia (16%), hypoxia or hypotension (15%), embolism (15%), infection (15%), acute blood loss (9%), and birth trauma (9%). CONCLUSIONS-: Previously described risk factors for developing neonatal main artery stroke are probably also associated with neonatal perforator stroke. Perforator stroke is often asymptomatic, but cranial ultrasound is a reliable diagnostic tool in diagnosing perforator stroke. © 2013 American Heart Association, Inc.
Association of twinning and maternal age with major structural birth defects in Utah, 1999 to 2008; BACKGROUND: Twinning is a risk factor for birth defects. Using population-based data from the Utah Birth Defect Network and the Utah Department of Health Vital Records, we investigated whether twinning increases the risk of major structural birth defects in live-born opposite-sex (OS) and same-sex (SS) twins as proxies for monozygotic and dizygotic twins, respectively. We also assessed whether maternal age modified the association between twinning and birth defects. METHODS: All resident live-born singleton (n=492,143) and twin (n=13,596) infants issued a Utah birth certificate and delivered from 1999 through 2008 were included. Unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals were calculated for each birth defect using unconditional logistic regression. RESULTS: Birth defects were slightly more likely to occur in SS (aOR=1.94; 95% confidence interval, 1.70-2.21) than OS (aOR=1.55; 95% confidence interval, 1.27-1.90) twins. The aORs stratified by maternal age did not show a trend for any twin type when calculated for all birth defects combined. However, trends were observed for coarctation, pyloric stenosis, and shaft or penoscrotal hypospadias in OS twins; microcephaly, anotia/microtia, conotruncal defects, membranous ventricular septal defects, pyloric stenosis, all hypospadias, and craniosynostosis in SS twins; and tetralogy of Fallot, right ventricular outflow tract obstructions, renal agenesis/hypoplasia, and craniosynostosis in all twins. CONCLUSION: All twin types have an increased risk for birth defects compared with singletons. SS twins have the highest risk, presumably due to the influence of monozygotic twins. The risk for birth defects in twins was not significantly modified by the mother's age. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Introduction to diabetes mellitus; The chronic metabolic disorder diabetes mellitus is a fast-growing global problem with huge social, health, and economic consequences. It is estimated that in 2010 there were globally 285 million people (approximately 6.4% ofthe adult population) suffering from this disease. This number is estimated to increase to 430 million in the absence of better control or cure. An ageing population and obesity are two main reasons for the increase. Furthermore it has been shown that almost 50% of the putative diabetics are not diagnosed until 10 years after onset of the disease, hence the real prevalence of global diabetes must be astronomically high. This chapter introduces the types of diabetes and diabetic complications such as impairment of immune system, periodontal disease, retinopathy, nephropathy, somatic and autonomic neuropathy, cardiovascular diseases and diabetic foot. Also included are the current management and treatments, and emerging therapies.
Associations between being obese but metabolically healthy and risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and mortality - A nationwide study of fertile women; Purpose: Obese middle-aged men without metabolic disturbances have recently been found to carry the same cardiovascular risk as their normal weight, metabol-ically healthy counterparts. In this setting we examined the risk of myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and all-cause mortality in a large population of young fertile women. Methods: From nationwide registers of birth records we identified all Danish women giving birth in the period 2004-2010. Metabolically unhealthy was defined as the presence of either a hypertensive disorder (gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, hypertension), an abnormal glucose metabolism (gestational diabetes, diabetes) or dyslipidemia. Four exposure groups were defined according to metabolic health status and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI): Metabolically healthy and a BMI< 25 kg/m2 (1) or a BMI≥ 25 kg/m2 (2), metabolically unhealthy and a BMI< 25 kg/m2 (3) or BMI≥ 25.0 kg/m2 (4), respectively. Using Poisson regression models adjusted for age and calendar year, the risk of the combined end-point of myocardial infarction, ischemic stroke and all-cause mortality was assessed with (1) as reference. Results: The population consisted of 273, 101 women with a mean age of 31.2 (SD 4.9) years and a median follow up of 5.5 years (IQR 3.8; 6.8). In the normal weight metabolically healthy women (1) the incidence rate (IR) per 1000 person years for the combined endpoint was 0.41 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.37-0.45, number of events, n=375). For the obese but metabolically healthy women (2) the IR was 0.45 (CI 0.39-0.52, number of events, n=51) and rate ratio (RR) was 1.16 (CI 0.93-1.33). In the normal weight but metabolically unhealthy women (3) the IR was 0.91 (CI 0.69-1.2, number of events, n=175) and RR was 2.11 (CI 1.58-2.83). The IR for the obese and metabolically unhealthy women (4) was 1.25 (CI 1.01-1.54, number of events, n=86) and the RR was 2.81 (CI 2.22-3.56). Conclusions: In a nationwide low risk population of young fertile women being obese but metabolically healthy confers a similar risk of myocardial infarction, stroke and all-cause mortality compared to normal weight, metabolically healthy women, while metabolically unhealthy women had increased risk of MI, stroke and all-cause mortality irrespective of BMI.
Long-term cardiovascular risk in relation to birth weight and exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus; Background: Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes mellitus (DM) is associated with high birth weight, congenital heart malformations, childhood adiposity, DM, hypertension and dyslipidemia. The long term cardiovascular consequences of fetal exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy and high birth weight is not known. Method: All individuals born in Sweden 1973-1988 (n=1 551 603) were included in the study. The Swedish Medical Birth Register was merged with the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. The association between offspring's adult consumption of cardiovascular medicationand i) maternal DM during pregnancy and ii) birth weight were analyzed. Follow up time ranged between 17-36 years. Results: Offspring exposed to maternal DM in utero had an increased risk of non-malformation cardiovascular disease (NMCVD), odds ratio (OR)1.46 (95% confidence interval (CI)1.16-1.83). After further excluding offspring with insulin dependent DM, no increased risk of NMCVD was found, OR 1.19 (95% CI 0.92-1.55). No increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born large for gestational age, OR 1.02 (95% CI 0.96-1.08). An increased risk of NMCVD was found in offspring born small for gestational age, OR 1.29 (95% CI 1.24-1.35). Conclusions: Exposure to maternal DM during pregnancy is not associated with NMCVD in offspring at a maximum of 36 years follow up. Low birth weight is confirmed to be a risk factor for NMCVD while high birth weight is not.
Umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants born at </= 30 weeks gestational age; RATIONALE: Umbilical cord blood gas analysis provides an objective method to assess fetal gas exchange and perinatal metabolic state. Our objective was to define the relationship between umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants </= 30 weeks gestational age (GA). We hypothesize that those premature infants, defined as </=30 weeks GA, with early blood gas values of lower pH, PaO2 and higher PaCO2 values will have prolonged NICU stays with a greater need for respiratory support. METHODS: An electronic database and manual chart review of all babies born at </= 30 weeks GA at Scripps Hospital between 2006-2009, was conducted using search terms related to NICU admission and prematurity. We excluded patients with multi-organ or cardiac disease. Our data collection included: first umbilical cord blood gases, maternal history, pregnancy, labor, delivery and NICU outcome parameters. The statistical methods included fisher exact test and chi square analysis as appropriate, and significance was defined as p value<0.05. RESULTS: We identified 30 high-risk patients. There was a statistically significant association when comparing groups with first cord blood gas paO2 </=40 mmHg versus caesarean delivery (n =26, p=0.05) and groups with base excess >-10 versus groups with </= 14 day O2 requirement (n=24, p=0.02). We also found paO2 </= 20 mmHg versus >7 day O2 requirement trending toward significance (n=24, p= 0.055). There was no significant difference when comparing gradients of pH (7.0, 7.1, 7.2, 7.3), paO2 (30,50 mmHg), PaCO2 (40, 50, 60, 70 mmHg), BE (-5) with length of NICU stay (14, 21, 30, 50 days), length of oxygen requirement (7, 14, 21 days), maternal steroid administration, maternal age (>/= or </=25, 35 years), presence of maternal diabetes or bleeding, and Apgar scores at 1 and 5 minutes </= 7/10. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed significance between </= 20 mm paO2 and caesarean delivery, BE and oxygen requirement in the first fourteen days of life. However, our study did not find a direct association between pH and indicators of respiratory outcome in the NICU. The importance of early umbilical cord gas exchange on long-term premature infant respiratory outcomes may provide insight regarding early gas exchange in premature neonates and early NICU stay and further studies are required to delineate this relationship.
Emergence of omentin as a pleiotropic adipocytokine; "Less is moreo" - this is becoming the global quote on event of alarming rise in the prevalence of obesity among all age groups. The perspective of adipose tissue as merely a fat depot has changed in recent times. Focus is now being laid on the metabolic and inflammatory functions of the adipose tissue which is modulated through adipocytokines. Adipocytokines have been found to control insulin sensitivity, inflammatory activity, neuroendocrine activity, cardiovascular function, food and water intake, breeding, and bone metabolism. Few of these adipokines play a role in the positive metabolism promoting good health, while few of them pose adverse effects. Omentin is a recently identified novel adipocytokine and it falls under the category of being a good adipokine. Plasma omentin-1 levels are significantly decreased in patients with obesity, insulin resistance, and diabetes that contribute to the major components of the metabolic syndrome and other disease conditions like atherosclerosis, autoimmune disorders etc and that the review focuses on the comprehensive effects of omentin on all the major systems of the body. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart New York.
Continuous spinal anaesthesia and analgesia for emergency caesarean section in a patient with severe kyphoscoliosis and acute lower respiratory tract infection; A primigravida with severe kyphoscoliosis and acute lower respiratory tract infection underwent emergency caesarean section (CS) under continuous spinal anaesthesia without complications in a major maternity hospital. This report highlights the anaesthetic challenges and the importance of early involvement of the anaesthesiologist.
[Hypertensive pregnancy in diabetes--risk factors and influence on future life].; Pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension are potentially dangerous entities causing maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. Interestingly, the risk factors for these two conditions differ and it is thought that they also differ in their pathophysiological background. Notably, women with diabetes have an increased risk for de novo hypertension during pregnancy compared to non-diabetic subjects. However, among diabetic patients poor glycaemic control has been shown to increase the risk for pre-eclampsia. Furthermore, women with a history of pre-eclampsia suffer more often from cardiovascular disease later in life. New data regarding long-term effects of hypertensive pregnancies on late diabetic complications have been published that may be of clinical relevance in the prevention of these complications.
Endothelial function in women with and without a history of glucose intolerance in pregnancy; Background/Aims. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and milder gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women who are at risk of developing cardiovascular disease. Endothelial dysfunction, as indicated by impaired flow-mediated dilatation (FMD) on brachial artery ultrasound, is an early marker of vascular disease. Thus, we sought to evaluate endothelial function in women with and without recent glucose intolerance in pregnancy. Methods. One-hundred and seventeen women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing (OGTT) in pregnancy, enabling stratification into those with normal gestational glucose tolerance (n = 59) and those with GDM or GIGT (n = 58). 6 years postpartum, they underwent a repeat of OGTT and brachial artery FMD studies, enabling assessment of FMD and 4 secondary vascular measures: FMD after 60 seconds (FMD 60), baseline arterial diameter, peak shear rate, and reactive hyperemia. Results. There were no differences between the normal gestational glucose tolerance and GDM/GIGT groups in FMD (mean 8.5 versus 9.3%, P = 0.61), FMD60 (4.1 versus 5.1%, P = 0.33), baseline diameter (3.4 versus 3.4 mm, P = 0.66), peak shear rate (262.6 versus 274.8 s-1, P = 0.32), and reactive hyperemia (576.6 versus 496.7%, P = 0.07). After covariate adjustment, there were still no differences between the groups. Conclusion. Despite their long-term cardiovascular risk, women with glucose intolerance in pregnancy do not display endothelial dysfunction 6 years postpartum. © 2013 Shireen Brewster et al.
Epigenetics of gestational diabetes mellitus and offspring health: The time for action is in early stages of life; The epidemic increase of type 2 diabetes and obesity in developed countries cannot be explained by overnutrition, physical inactivity and/or genetic factors alone. Epidemiologic evidence suggests that an adverse intrauterine environment, in particular a shortage or excess of nutrients is associated with increased risks for many complex diseases later in life. An impressive example for the 'fetal origins of adult disease' is gestational diabetes mellitus which usually presents in 1% to > 10% of third trimester pregnancies. Intrauterine hyperglycemia is not only associated with increased perinatal morbidity and mortality, but also with increased lifelong risks of the exposed offspring for obesity, metabolic, cardiovascular and malignant diseases. Accumulating evidence suggests that fetal overnutrition (and similarly undernutrition) lead to persistent epigenetic changes in developmentally important genes, influencing neuroendocrine functions, energy homeostasis and metabolism. The concept of fetal programming has important implications for reproductive medicine. Because during early development the epigenome is much more vulnerable to environmental cues than later in life, avoiding adverse environmental factors in the periconceptional and intrauterine period may be much more important for the prevention of adult disease than any (i.e. dietetic) measures in infants and adults. A successful pregnancy should not primarily be defined by the outcome at birth but also by the health status in later life. ©The Author 2013. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology.
How to assess and manage hypertension during and after pregnancy; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are increasingly important complications of which clinicians should have an up-to-date knowledge to facilitate prompt recognition, diagnosis and management. These disorders affect a growing number of pregnancies worldwide, with incidence rates likely to increase in the future commensurate with increasing maternal age and maternal comorbidities independent of age, with consequent effects on maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and mortality rates. This article mainly focuses on management within the UK of these disorders, examining their current working definitions, detection methods and recent developments in screening tool development. The current NICE-recommended strategies for treating these disorders and minimizing their occurrence in pregnancy are also explored. In addition, the association between adverse pregnancy outcome and increased risk of future maternal and offspring cardiovascular disease is described, with comments on future strategies to help minimize these potential risks. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd.
Adrenal tumours in pregnancy: Diagnostic challenge and management dilemma; Adrenal gland tumours in pregnancy are very rare occurrences and have highly variable clinical presentations. The timely diagnosis of adrenal tumours in pregnancy is extremely important, as failure to do so may lead to fatality. As there is limited published literature on adrenal tumours in pregnancy and no consensus on its management, the management of such patients with regard to medical and surgical treatments, as well as timing of delivery, must therefore be individualised and carried out with multidisciplinary expertise. We present two cases of adrenal tumours in pregnancy, both with favourable outcomes and variable gestations. Our first and second cases discuss a large phaeochromocytoma and a cortisol-secreting adrenal cortical adenoma in pregnancy, respectively.
Hematologic complications of pregnancy; Pregnancy induces a number of physiologic changes that affect the hematologic indices, either directly or indirectly. Recognizing and treating hematologic disorders that occur during pregnancy is difficult owing to the paucity of evidence available to guide consultants. This review discusses specifically the diagnosis and management of benign hematologic disorders occurring during pregnancy. Anemia secondary to iron deficiency is the most frequent hematologic complication and is easily treated with oral iron formulations; however, care must be taken not to miss other causes of anemia, such as sickle cell disease. Thrombocytopenia is also a common reason for consulting the hematologist, and distinguishing gestational thrombocytopenia from immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets), or thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is essential since the treatment differs widely. Occasionally the management of mother and infant involves the expeditious recognition of neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (NAIT), a condition that is responsible for severe life-threatening bleeding of the newborn. Additionally, inherited and acquired bleeding disorders affect pregnant women disproportionately and often require careful monitoring of coagulation parameters to prevent bleeding in the puerperium. Finally, venous thromboembolism (VTE) during pregnancy is still largely responsible for mortality during pregnancy, and the diagnosis, treatment options and guidelines for prevention of VTE during pregnancy are explored. © 2013.
Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome and long QT syndrome due to familial-balanced translocation t(11;17)(p15.5;q21.3) involving the KCNQ1 gene; We report a child with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) as the consequence of an apparently balanced, maternally inherited reciprocal translocation t(11;17)(p15.5;q21.3). His mother and aunt, who inherited the translocation from their father, did not have BWS. At birth, long QT syndrome (LQTS) was diagnosed in this child and, secondarily, among apparently healthy family members carrying the translocation. By FISH analysis, the breakpoint in 11p15.5 interrupts the KCNQ1 gene between exons 2 and 10 and causes a loss of methylation of the IC2 (and thus BWS) on the maternally inherited der(11) chromosome. To explain the presence of LQTS segregating with the t(11;17) translocation in this family, we hypothesize that the translocation that interrupts KCNQ1 allow translation of an abnormal short allele that interferes in a dominant negative way with the normal isoform 1 of KCNQ1 in the heart (where this allele is not subject to parental imprint). This appears to be the first report of BWS with congenital LQTS, which should be considered as a rare but serious complication to be searched systematically in patients with BWS due to 11p15 rearrangements.© 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Accelerometry-measured physical activity and inflammation after gestational diabetes; PURPOSE: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse metabolic outcomes after delivery. Physical activity practice improves the inflammatory profile; however, whether this association exists in women with prior GDM remains unknown. Our objective was to examine the cardiometabolic and inflammatory risk factors associated with accelerometer-based measures of physical activity in women with prior GDM. METHODS: Ninety-six women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010 were tested 2.9 ± 2.2 yr after delivery. The physical activity practice was measured with ActiGraph GT3X (ActiGraph™, Pensacola, FL) accelerometers worn ≥5 d, and the time spent weekly in moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was derived. The waist circumference was measured and the inflammatory marker or cytokine concentrations were measured in fasting plasma by the xMAP technology using the Bio-Plex 200 system. The lipid profile was also measured from fasting blood samples. RESULTS: Only 31% of women accumulated at least 150 min of MVPA per week. No association was observed between the MVPA practice and any of the metabolic measurements in the whole group of women. The MVPA did not differ in groups stratified by waist circumference <88 or ≥88 cm. In women with waist circumference <88 cm, the MVPA was negatively correlated with circulating concentrations of C-reactive protein (r = -0.51, P = 0.006), leptin (r = -0.40, P = 0.008), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (r = -0.32, P = 0.04), and triglycerides (r = -0.44, P = 0.003). No association was seen with plasma interleukin-6; tumor necrosis factor-α; and total, LDL, or HDL cholesterol concentrations. CONCLUSION: These analyses suggest that in the years after delivery, longer time spent in MVPA practice is associated with a lower cardiometabolic risk only in women with prior GDM who do not have abdominal obesity. Copyright © 2013 by the American College of Sports Medicine.
Effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications in twin pregnancies in a United States cohort; Objective: To evaluate the effect of maternal chronic disease on obstetric complications among twin pregnancies. Design: Multicenter, retrospective, observational study. Setting: Clinical centers (19 hospitals). Patient(s): Twin pregnancies (n = 4,821) delivered ≥23 weeks of gestation and classified by maternal chronic disease (either none or any of the following: asthma, depression, hypertension, diabetes, and heart, thyroid, gastrointestinal or renal disease). Intervention(s): None. Main Outcome Measure(s): Gestational age at delivery, gestational hypertension, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, placental abruption, placenta previa, hemorrhage, chorioamnionitis, maternal postpartum fever, premature rupture of membranes, labor onset (spontaneous vs. nonspontaneous), route of delivery, and maternal admission to intensive care unit. Result(s): Women with chronic disease delivered earlier (mean gestational length, 34.1 vs. 34.6 weeks) and were less likely to have term birth (risk ratio 0.80; 95% confidence interval 0.70-0.90). Cesarean delivery after spontaneous labor (risk ratio 1.20; 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.37) was also increased with chronic disease. No statistically significant effects were observed for other complications studied. Women who used assisted reproductive technology were more likely to hemorrhage, independent of chronic disease, but other findings were generally similar to the non-assisted reproductive technology sample. Conclusion(s): Chronic disease was associated with additional risk of earlier delivery and cesarean section after spontaneous labor in a nationwide sample of US twin pregnancies. Copyright © 2013 Published by Elsevier Inc.
Pregnancy, cesarean, and pheochromocytoma: A case report and literature review; A 43-year-old full-term pregnant woman (gravida 2, para 1, medical history of gestational diabetes mellitus) developed a sudden and malignant hypertension with hemoptysis, sweat, and tachycardia during a scheduled C-section. A dead newborn was delivered and was successfully resuscitated. The mother died after resistant cardiac arrest. Autopsy and pathological analyses revealed an acute pulmonary edema and a necrotic and hemorrhagic voluminous tumor of the left adrenal gland, which was a pheochromocytoma. Pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal glands which secretes catecholamines. In pregnant women, its symptoms can mimic gestational hypertension, preeclampsia or eclampsia, and gestational diabetes mellitus. The gestational diabetes mellitus was presumed to be a symptom of the pheochromocytoma, and cardiopulmonary failure the result from the necrosis of the tumor provoked by gravid uterus compression. From a medico-legal point of view, the tumor could not have been suspected during the pregnancy. © 2013 American Academy of Forensic Sciences.
Generalized postpartum seizures and posterior reversible encephalopathy syndrome; An 18-year-old primigravida was admitted to hospital at 41 weeks of gestation. She had gestational diabetes and hereditary thrombophilia. Delivery of the baby was by emergency C-section because of fetal bradycardia. The patient experienced postpartum spontaneous, general seizures. Computed tomography imaging showed no sign of intracerebral hemorrhage or sinus thrombosis. Posterior reversible leukoencephalopathy syndrome was diagnosed, which is often seen in patients with preeclampsia or eclampsia. Our patient, however, showed no other symptoms of preeclampsia or gestosis. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome with multifocal infantile haemangiomas and hepatic haemangioendotheliomas; Our patient, an 18-month-old girl, was born at 34 weeks. She was a large baby and was noticed to have macroglossia and transverse ear creases, and she had profound hypoglycaemia during the initial few weeks. A diagnosis of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS) was made on clinical findings, and was later confirmed by genetic testing. She was noted to have multiple haemangiomas on the scalp, right nostril, trunk and extremities. A surveillance ultrasound scan at 3 months, to detect hepatoblastoma, Wilms tumour and adrenal tumours associated with BWS, showed multiple intrahepatic hypoechoic mass lesions, which were subsequently diagnosed as hepatic haemangioendotheliomas on computerized tomography scan. Echocardiogram showed normal cardiac function. She was started on propranolol by the hepatologists. She has been undergoing regular surveillance abdominal ultrasound scans. A recent ultrasound scan has shown complete resolution of the hepatic lesions. The skin haemangiomas have also responded to propranolol, and have reduced in number and size. Developmentally she has progressed well; however, macroglossia has hindered her speech and language development. She also developed stridor and further symptoms suggestive of gastro-oesophageal reflux. She has been commenced on omeprazole and listed for tongue reduction surgery. BWS is an overgrowth disorder that is usually present at birth and is characterized by macroglossia, macrosomia, visceromegaly, embryonal tumours (hepatoblastoma, Wilms tumour, rhabdomyosarcoma), omphalocele, neonatal hypoglycaemia, ear creases/pits and adrenorenal abnormalities (Cohen MM Jr. Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome: historical, clinicopathological and etiopathogenetic perspectives. Pediatr Dev Pathol 2005; 8: 287-304). Although autosomal dominant transmission has been reported, 85% cases of BWS are sporadic, as in our case. Most cases are associated with a defect in chromosome 11p15.5 (Weksberg R, Shuman C, Beckwith JB. Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome. Eur J Hum Genet 2010; 18: 8-14). While facial naevus flammeus is a reported feature of BWS, and its association with splenic haemangioma is reported, as far as we are aware the presence of multifocal infantile haemangiomas and hepatic haemangioendotheliomas has not been reported. It is likely that the haemangiomas in our patient are a result of failure of growth regulation and are one of the features of BWS rather than a mere association.
Circulating nucleosomes and plasma free DNA are increased in abnormal pregnancies; Background: Recent data have analyzed the fundamental coupling between coagulation and innate immunity, indicating the central role of neutrophil-derived circulating nucleosomes on the promotion of coagulation and thrombus growth. Indeed, nucleosomes, as DNA/histones molecular complexes, a component of the neutrophil extracellular traps, target the proteolytic action of neutrophil serine proteases on Tissue Factor Pathway Inhibitor and factor XII, thus worsening coagulation (Massberg S et al. 2010). Pregnancy is an acquired hypercoagulability state. The placental function is central to the fetal development. Thrombotic impairments of the placental vessels may participate to placental insufficiency and may favor the related clinical complications, the so-called ischemic placental diseases (IPDs). Aim: These data prompted us to perform an exploratory prospective study. Its aim was to compare plasma nucleosomes and cell free DNA (fDNA) concentrations between non-pregnant women, pregnant women with a normal pregnancy and pregnant women with an obvious clinical complication. Pregnancy complications, defined according to international guidelines, were diagnosed by reference practitioners and included: gravidic hypertension, IPDs (pre-eclampsia, intrauterine fetal growth restriction with evidence of placental insufficiency), venous thromboembolism, gestational diabetes, acute infections, cholestasis of pregnancy, abnormally implanted placenta, threats of premature labour and premature rupture of membrane. The study was approved by the University Hospital of Nîmes Institutional Review Boards and Ethics Committee. This clinical investigation was performed according to the Helsinki declaration of 1975 as revised in 1996 (ClinicalTrials.Gov ID: NCT01736826). Informed consent was obtained from all patients. Methods: Quantification of circulating nucleosomes and DNA were respectively determined by a commercially available ELISA kit and QPCR. Age, white blood cell (WBC) and neutrophils counts were documented for each woman. Blood samples from pregnant women were characterized by gestational age and pregnancy-related pathology, if any. Results: We included 124 patients from October 2011 to May 2012: 35 women with a normal pregnancy, 73 women with an abnormal pregnancy and 16 non-pregnant women. We found increased plasma concentrations of nucleosomes (P = 0.02) and fDNA (P < 0.0001) in pregnant women, concentrations being the highest in abnormal pregnancies. Nucleosomes (P = 0.002) and fDNA (P < 0.0001) concentrations differed depending on the type and severity of pregnancy-related complications: very high rates in the ischemic placental disease group. Nucleosomes:WBC, fDNA:WBC, nucleosomes:neutrophils and fDNA:neutrophils ratios were significantly higher in pregnant women with a symptomatic complication. Conclusion: This preliminary study shows high nucleosomes and fDNA concentrations during pregnancy, which culminate in severe pregnancy complications. These data encourage the systematic evaluation of the pathogenic and aggravating role of circulating total nucleosomes and fDNA in ischemic placental diseases.
High-fat diet exacerbates cardiac consequences in developing offspring exposed to late-gestation diabetes; Diabetes complicates 18% of pregnancies; 35% of women are obese, comorbidities that increase adverse neonatal cardiac outcomes. Preventative measures focus on glucose control, but women with normoglycemia have affected infants, implicating additional modifiable risks. The relative contribution of maternal hyperlipidemia in mediating cardiac disease in developing offspring is not well understood. To overcome this limitation, we utilized a rodent model of controlled- or high-fat (HF) intake, in combination with or without streptozotocin (STZ) induced late-gestation diabetes, to determine the effects of high-fat diet, with or without maternal diabetes, on cardiac consequences in newborn offspring. Dams fed HF-diet became 14.8g heavier over time (p<0.01). Serum triglyceride (TG) levels increased during pregnancy in all dams, but were augmented in dams receiving STZ or HF-diet; the combined effect was synergistic demonstrating 10 fold increased circulating TG. HF-diet impaired diabetic control, despite a 2 fold increase in insulin use per sliding scale guidelines. (p<0.05). Non-diabetic dams remained euglycemic regardless of diet. Perinatal death increased in relation to HF-diet, but not diabetes. Surviving neonates born to diabetic dams on HF-diet were larger, had altered lipid profiles, increased insulin and leptin levels (p<0.01), and cardiac hypertrophy by gross measure (heart:body wt 0.011 vs. 0.006, p<0.01) and echocardiography (left ventricular diameter (LVD) 1.88 vs. 1.41 in systole and 2.85 vs. 2.51 in diastole, p<0.01). Neonatal cardiac hypertrophy was associated with poor systolic function (ejection fraction (EF) 67 vs. 76% and shortening fraction (SF) 37 vs. 44%, p<0.01). Myocardium was characterized by myocyte hypertrophy and excess lipid droplet accumulation. In conclusion, increased dietary fat intake exacerbates the consequences of late gestation diabetes on pregnancy and neonatal related cardiac outcomes.
Physical activity and sedentary behaviors in relation to type 2 diabetes risk among women at high risk; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Physical inactivity and television watching have been associated with the risk of T2DM in general population. However, little is known about the associations among the high-risk population of women with prior GDM. As part of the Diabetes & Women's Health Study participants, overall 4514 women in the Nurses' Health Study II cohort who had a history of GDM and were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer at baseline were followed up from 1991 to 2007. Physical activity and sedentary behaviors were assessed by a detailed questionnaire in 1991, 1997, 2001 and 2005. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We documented 635 incident T2DM cases during 64258.3 person-years of observation. After adjustment for age, parity, other non-dietary and dietary factors, the RRs across increasing quintiles of total physical activity score were 1.00, 0.86, 0.75, 0.64, and 0.66 (P for trend = 0.004). The multivariate RRs for T2DM among women with sedentary time for television watching of 0-4.9, 5.0-9.9, 10.0-19.9, and >= 20.0 hours/ week were 1.00, 1.05, 1.64, and 1.47, respectively (P for trend = 0.001). In the joint analysis, the multivariate RR for the women with the highest quintile of physical activity score and less time spent on television watching (< 10 hours/week) was 0.40 (95% CI 0.27-0.58, P < 0.001), compared with those in the lowest quintile of physical activity score and more time spent on television watching. These associations were attenuated substantially after additional adjustment for body mass index (BMI). In summary, among the high-risk population of women with prior GDM, physical activity is inversely associated with T2DM risk, while television watching is positively associated with the risk. These associations are largely mediated by BMI.
A prospective study of dietary and supplemental iron intakes in relation to risk of type 2 diabetes among women at high risk; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk to develop type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, modifiable lifestyle factors in relation to this progression are largely unknown. This study was to examine the associations of dietary and supplemental iron intakes with T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. As part of the Diabetes & Women's Health Study participants, overall 4031 women in the Nurses' Health Study II cohort who had a history of GDM and were free of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer at baseline were followed up from 1991 to 2007. Information of dietary and supplemental iron intakes was collected using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) since 1991 and every 4 years thereafter. Multivariable Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate the relative risks (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We documented 582 incident T2DM cases during 60200.6 personyears of observation. Intakes of total iron, in particular supplemental iron, were positively and significantly associated with T2DM risk among women with a history of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, BMI, other nondietary and dietary factors, the multivariate RRs for T2DM across increasing quintiles of total iron intake were 1.00, 1.13, 1.17, 1.14, and 1.51 (P for trend = 0.02), and the multivariate RRs across increasing tertiles of supplemental iron intake were 1.00, 1.30, and 1.53 (P for trend = 0.001). There was no significant association of T2DM risk with dietary intakes of heme iron or non-heme iron. In summary, among the high-risk population of women with a history of GDM, higher intake of total iron, particularly supplemental iron, is associated with a greater risk of T2DM.
Confirmation that dominant inheritance of a GATA6 mutation causes cardiac defects, dorsal pancreatic agenesis and diabetes with variable expression; De novo mutations in the transcription factor encoding GATA6 gene have recently been described as the commonest cause of pancreatic agenesis with insulin treated neonatal diabetes, and are commonly associated with congenital cardiac defects. More recently a Japanese family was found to have a dominantly inherited GATA6 mutation with variable expression of the clinical phenotype. Here we describe the case of an affected proband with a confirmed GATA6 mutation, with a number of family members displaying variable features of the GATA6 mutation syndrome. Following an atrial-septal defect (ASD) repair aged 35, our proband had 2 successful pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, and developed diabetes aged 42, rapidly progressing to insulin therapy. Both daughters (now aged 16 & 18) had congenital heart disease, both with a patent ductus arteriosus and ASDs, but have no signs of pancreatic endocrine or exocrine insufficiency. Imaging confirmed pancreatic hypoplasia (absent body and tail) in the proband and 1 daughter, with rotational abnormalities of the proximal small bowel also seen in the proband. DNA sequencing in the proband, and daughters revealed a GATA6 c.1620+5G>A mutation located in intron 6, predicted to reduce efficiency of the splice donor site. The proband's parents have no similar clinical features, but a paternal aunt had suspected type 1 diabetes and 1 of the proband's 5 siblings was diagnosed with suspected type 1 diabetes in his third decade. He has 4 live children, 2 with congenital cardiac abnormalities (pulmonary stenosis and VSD), suggesting that he may also have inherited the GATA6 mutation, although genetic studies are outstanding. In summary, we have described a new kindred with a dominantly inherited suspected pathogenic mutation in the GATA6 gene causing variable clinical features of congenital cardiac disease, pancreatic hypoplasia and diabetes presenting later in life.
Metformin for women who are obese during pregnancy for improving maternal and infant outcomes; This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: To evaluate the role of metformin in improving insulin sensitivity and limiting gestational weight gain in obese pregnant women, on maternal and infant outcomes.
Pregnancy complications among women oif/oef veterans; Introduction: Compared with non-Veterans, women Veterans may be at increased risk of gestational diabetes (GDM) and preeclampsia, which are risk factors for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Lifestyle intervention can reduce these risks. Objective: To describe the prevalence of GDM and preeclampsia among women Veterans from Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom (OIF/OEF) whose delivery was paid for by VA, and determine whether complications of pregnancy are associated with return to VA in the year following delivery. Methods: Women OIF/OEF Veterans whose delivery was paid for by VA were identified through linkage with the OIF/OEF roster and use of diagnostic related group codes. Complications of pregnancy were identified by presence of ICD-9 codes in the inpatient or outpatient files in the nine months preceding the delivery for gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia/eclampsia. Return to VA in the year following delivery was defined as receipt of any VA care in the 365 days following delivery. We estimated the association of complications of pregnancy with return to VA in the year following delivery using Cox proportional hazards regression. Results: We identified 2,223 deliveries among women OIF/OEF Veterans paid for by VA. 70% of these women Veterans were 18-25 years old. In total 5% had GDM, 3.9% had gestational hypertension, and 5.9% had preeclampsia/eclampsia. After adjustment, presence of GDM, gestational hypertension, or preeclampsia/ eclampsia was not associated with increased likelihood of return to VA in the year following delivery (hazard ratio 1.05; 95% confidence interval 0.92, 1.20). Conclusion: Women OIF/OEF Veterans have a high risk of complications of pregnancy similarly aged non-Veteran women. Ensuring that these women Veterans return to VA following delivery for appropriate follow-up such as lifestyle intervention is crucial to prevent development of chronic diseases.
Diabetes requiring insulin - recent developments in management; Choice of insulin in the treatment of diabetes should be based on patient preference, lifestyle, blood glucose profile and risk of hypoglycaemia. Our Drug review focusses on key points and recent advances in the management of diabetes requiring insulin, followed by sources of further information and a review of the prescription data. © 2013 Wiley Interface Ltd.
Predicting Women's Future Cardiovascular Health from Pregnancy Complications; The first reports on the association between pregnancy history and later life cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in women appeared more than a decade ago. Preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, diabetes; and adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm birth, having a small-for gestational age infant, a spontaneous abortion or a stillbirth have subsequently been linked to an increased maternal CVD-risk. Since 2011, the American Heart Association recommends taking a pregnancy history as part of cardiovascular risk assessment and recommends the referral of women with previous pregnancy complications for cardiovascular risk monitoring. It is, however, not yet firmly established if the pregnancy risk factors add to the cardiovascular risk assessment above and beyond traditional CVD-risk factors and if they act through other mechanistic pathways than those measured by classical cardiovascular risk factors. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Pregnancy Complications and Later Development of Hypertension; Pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and diabetes affect approximately 5 to 10 % of all pregnancies and compromise maternal and fetal health during gestation. Complications during pregnancy may also contribute to the development of hypertension and future cardiovascular risk in the mother. Moreover, fetal exposure to hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy can program hypertension and cardiovascular disease in the offspring. Transgenerational transmission of programmed cardiovascular risk highlights the importance of understanding the mechanisms that link complications during pregnancy with later hypertension in her offspring and subsequent generations. However, experimental studies are needed to investigate the cause and effect of increased blood pressure in the mother following a complicated pregnancy and provide insight into the development of preventative measures that may improve the long-term cardiovascular health of women and their offspring. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Pregnancy Complications and the Risk of Metabolic Syndrome for the Offspring; Metabolic syndrome is a growing problem globally, and is a contributor to non-communicable diseases such as type II diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The risk of developing specific components of the metabolic syndrome such as obesity, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, and elevated fasting blood sugar has been largely attributed to environmental stressors including poor nutrition, lack of exercise, and smoking. However, large epidemiologic cohorts and experimental animal models support the "developmental origins of adult disease" hypothesis, which posits that a significant portion of the risk for adult metabolic conditions is determined by exposures occurring in the perinatal period. Maternal obesity and the rate of complications during pregnancy such as preterm birth, preeclampsia, and gestational diabetes continue to rise. As our ability to reduce perinatal morbidity and mortality improves the long-term metabolic consequences remain uncertain, pointing to the need for further research in this area. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Intrauterine effects of impaired lipid homeostasis in pregnancy diseases; Lipids are crucial structural and bioactive components that sustain embryo, fetal and placental development and growth. Intrauterine development can be disturbed by several diseases that impair maternal lipid homeostasis and lead to abnormal lipid concentrations in the fetal circulation. Deficiency in essential fatty acids can lead to congenital malformations and visual and cognitive problems in the newborn. Either deficient mother-to-fetus lipid transfer or abnormal maternal- fetal lipid metabolism can cause fetal growth restriction. On the other hand, excessive mother-to-fetus fatty acid transfer can induce fetal overgrowth and lipid overacummulation in different fetal organs and tissues. The placenta plays a fundamental role in the transfer of lipid moieties to the fetal compartment and is affected by maternal diseases associated with impaired lipid homeostasis. Postnatal consequences may be evident in the neonatal period or later in life. Indeed, both defects and excess of different lipid species can lead to the intrauterine programming of metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. This review summarizes the lipid impairments induced by different pathologies, including placental insufficiency, malnutrition, obesity and diabetes, and their consequent developmental defects. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Management of Pregnant Patients with Diabetes with Ischemic Heart Disease; Management of pregnant patients with diabetes who have ischemic heart disease (IHD) remains a challenging clinical dilemma for obstetricians and maternal fetal specialist alike. The diagnosis of women with IHD is difficult, primarily because of a lack of awareness of the atypical characteristics at presentation by both patient and provider. Counseling of women regarding pregnancy when they are diabetic with IHD is best done before conception. Management by trimester should focus on careful monitoring of maternal cardiac status and stabilization of glycemic control without hypoglycemia. Delivery and postpartum care remain critical in the avoidance of complications and mortality. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Maternal dietary intake during pregnancy has longstanding consequences for the health of her offspring; Over the past 100 years, advances in pharmaceutical and medical technology have reduced the burden of communicable disease, and our appreciation of the mechanisms underlying the development of noncommunicable disease has broadened. During this time, a number of studies, both in humans, and increase the likelihood of these offspring developing cardiovascular, renal, or metabolic diseases in adulthood. More recently, it has been shown that dietary intake of a number of micronutrients may offset or reverse the deleterious effects of macronutrient imbalance. Furthermore, maternal fat intake has also been identified as a major contributor to a healthy fetal environment, with a beneficial role for unsaturated fats during development as well as a beneficial impact on cell membrane physiology. Together these studies indicate that attempts to optimise maternal nutrition may prove to be an efficient and cost-effective strategy for preventing the development of cardiovascular, renal, or metabolic diseases.
A simple scoring method using cardiometabolic risk measurements in pregnancy to determine 10-year risk of type 2 diabetes in women with gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine if clustering of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy predicts type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk at 10 years in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). STUDY DESIGN AND SUBJECTS: A prospective case-control study in 150 GDM and 72 overweight women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) measured cardiometabolic risk factors (body mass index (BMI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), fasting glucose, insulin, and triglycerides and high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol) at 28 weeks gestation and 6 months and 10 years after pregnancy. Cluster analysis of cardiometabolic risk factors in pregnancy was used to stratify GDM as 'high' and 'low risk' for diabetes and CVD risk at 10 years. The data in pregnancy were used to determine a simple method for assessing risk of future diabetes. RESULTS: BMI in the 150 GDM at study entry was similar to NGT, but 35% of GDM fell into a 'high-risk cluster' with elevated BMI, SBP, glucose, insulin and triglycerides and lower HDL levels. At 10 years, type 2 diabetes was sixfold higher in 'high-risk' GDM (odds ratio (OR)=6.75, confidence interval (CI)=2.0, 22.7, P=0.002) compared with 'low-risk' GDM and was not reported in NGT. The 'high-risk' cluster predicted type 2 diabetes better than BMI430 (OR=2.13, CI=0.71, 6.4, P=0.179) or fasting glucose >5.5 mmol l-1, (OR=4.56, CI=1.50, 13.85, P=0.007). We determined that GDM with any four of the cardiometabolic risk factors (BMI430 kgm-2, fasting glucose>5.0 mmol l-1, insulin>7.8mUl-1, triglycerides >2.4 mmol l-1, HDL<1.6 mmol l-1 or SBP>105mmHg) in pregnancy would be in a 'high-risk' cluster. CONCLUSIONS: A metabolic syndrome-like cluster in pregnant GDM identifies risk for type 2 diabetes providing an opportunity to focus on rigorous lifestyle interventions after delivery to reduce the burden of disease attributed to this condition. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Tuberous sclerosis with cardiac tumor in fetus with diabetic mother; Introduction A heart tumor in children is rare and the most primary tumor of the heart is rhabdomyoma. We report a case of cardiac mass diagnosed at 32th weeks of pregnancy while the mother had gestational diabetes Mellitus. Serial echocardiography revealed regression of the tumor; then follow up of the patient confirmed tuberous sclerosis.
Association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with GDM; Aim. There is evidence that arthrosclerosis may originate at birth, so assessment of serum lipid levels in cord blood might be important. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between fetal overgrowth and metabolic parameters in cord blood of newborns of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to compare these parameters with those in newborns of non-diabetic. Methods.The study group included 112 women (singleton pregnancy, and GDM diagnosed following WHO criteria), and as controlled subjects, 159 matched healthy pregnant women and their newborn babies were selected. A sample of cord blood was obtained at delivery. The cord blood's insulin, glucose, and lipids (total cholesterol, high-density cholesterol, low-density cholesterol, and triglyceride) were determined. The relationships between these metabolic parameters and large for gestational age (LGA) were also assessed. Results. There were no significant differences between total cholesterol (TC), HDL cholesterol (HDL-C), triglyceride (TG) and glucose levels between two groups but the LDL-C level, LDL/HDL ratio and insulin level were significantly higher in newborns of mother with GDM. LGA newborns of diabetic mothers, show the HDL-C level were significantly lower and LDL-C level were significantly higher than AGA (Appropriate for Gestational Age). Conclusion. These results show that GDM altered neonatal plasma lipids metabolism and so newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Obesity and contraception: Metabolic changes, risk of thromboembolism, use of emergency contraceptives, and role of bariatric surgery; Rates of obesity are increasing worldwide. Due to the medical consequences of obesity, routine health care like family planning becomes complicated. Conflicting data exists regarding efficacy of hormonal contraceptives in obese women, while little data on efficacy of emergency contraception in obese women exists. Much of what is available suggests lower serum hormonal levels in obese women with little effect on ovulation inhibition. Contraceptive steroids can cause a number of deteriorating metabolic changes, particularly in obese women; whether these changes are clinically significant is unknown. Venous thromboembolic risk is increased with both obesity and use of hormonal contraceptives; however the question remains if the risk is additive or multiplicative. Bariatric surgery can lead to digestive changes which may affect absorption of contraceptive hormones. While long acting reversible contraceptives may be the best option in the post operative obese patient, little data, beyond a simple recommendation to avoid pregnancy for at least one year, exists to help guide appropriate contraceptive choice.
Diabetes in women - A life-course approach; The increasing prevalence of diabetes in combination with an aging population and increasing female longevity means that it is important to understand the effects of diabetes on women's health. Both type 1 and type 2 diabetes influence health outcomes throughout the life-course. This review article provides a summary of sex differences in diabetes epidemiology and covers specific aspects of the life-course in women including: the menarche, pregnancy and the menopause. It also discusses the associations with other conditions: cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis and cancer. © The Author(s) 2013.
The outcome of foetal therapy; Several questions must be asked and, hopefully, answered when addressing the overall issue of foetal treatment. Firstly, regarding the strictly medical/surgical matters: 1. Is intrauterine treatment available and is it effective - what is the evidence? 2. Are there any side effects for mother and foetus? 3. Is a post-natal alternative a better option? Throughout the years, due to the rapidly evolving techniques of scanning and sampling that a whole range of medical and surgical intrauterine procedures emerged with different results, from highly effective to moderate to truly disappointing outcomes whilst others were and remain anecdotic. Amongst the success stories, for instance, intrauterine transfusions/exchange transfusions for haemoglobinopathies and haemolytic disorders have met with considerable improvements. Some foetal heart arrhythmias have also been the target for foetal treatments but with conflicting results and sometimes with serious side effects for both the mother and the foetus. In recent years foetal cardiac interventions by invasive percutaneus and transthoracic approach have also been attempted with growing success, although limited to a very small group of cardiac defects. Foetal-foetal transfusion syndrome has been successfully subject to anastomosis ablation albeit with some mortality and morbidity. Surgical attempts at intrauterine repairs from dyaphragmatic hernia to hydronephrosis to hydrocephalus, etc. have been, on the whole, quite disappointing. Interventions for olygo/polyhydramnios are under constant review with polemic outcomes and a fairly high rate of side effects for both the foetus and the neonate. Perhaps less spectacular but, nevertheless, more rewarding and successful have been the aggressive management of maternal diabetes, the promotion of foetal lung maturity with antenatal corticosteroids, the prophylaxis of GBS, HIV, syphilis and so forth and this must never be overlooked. Besides the purely medical approach to foetal interventions, legal and ethical considerations must also play a role and guide the decisions. Indeed, what is the legal status of the foetus? Unfortunately, mostly none. Who stands by him? What is the foetus best interest? Are there any conflicting interests between the foetus and the pregnant woman? Who should be the judge? Too many questions and so very few answers, yet, this is the essence of foetal treatment, eventually determining a particular attitude and conditioning the outcome for both the mother and her offspring.
Managing fetal growth restriction: Current challenges; Fetal growth restriction (FGR) is a major complication of pregnancy and is associated with adverse consequences during fetal, neonatal, pediatric and adult life. Significant advances have been made in its diagnosis and management, especially with the introduction of evidence based fetal surveillance that includes Doppler ultrasound. However, the management of FGR remains challenging in several areas. First, prenatal recognition of FGR, based on clinical and ultrasound assessments, remains suboptimal with approximately half the cases of FGR missed before birth. Although, uterine artery Doppler has shown significant promise, its use for screening remains controversial. Second, preventive and therapeutic interventions are very limited and include cessation of smoking, and the prevention and treatment of malaria. Treatment with NO donors appears promising but requires further investigation. Third, although the essential management of FGR consists of an evidence-based fetal surveillance regimen utilizing Doppler sonography of fetal and umbilical vessels, electronic fetal heart rate monitoring and biophysical assessments, several components of this approach lack level 1 evidence of effectiveness. Finally, determining the optimal delivery time by balancing the risks of prematurity vs. those of in utero fetal compromise still remains uncertain in earlier gestations. The presentation will review the current best practice approach and its limitations as listed above. Functional Echocardiography in the Fetus: the Current State Advances in fetal echocardiography have revolutionized the management of fetal cardiac disorders. The technique has been mostly concerned with structural evaluation. However, limited functional assessments including M-mode based ejection fraction (EF) and Doppler based cardiac output (CO) determinations have also been used for years. Fetal cardiac function evolves through gestation and significant alterations may result from cardiac and extra-cardiac fetal complications that include fetal heart failure from various causes, congenital heart defects, dysrhythmias, twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes and fetal growth restriction. Consequently, fetal functional echocardiography with newer tools and techniques has been assuming a progressively greater role in fetal management. This review will address the methodology and measures of fetal cardiac function, including M-mode ejection fraction, spectral Doppler cardiac output, spectral Doppler precordial vein waveform analysis, Doppler myocardial performance index, strain and strain rate utilizing tissue Doppler and speckle tracking. The presentation will also briefly discuss the indications and utility of functional echo in prenatal diagnosis and management.
Fetal heart and perinatal management; The incidence of major congenital cardiac abnormalities in live born babies is around 8/1 000. Defects considered major or critical are those classified as lethal or requiring intervention in infancy or on long term follow-up and have an incidence of about 4 per 1 000 livebirths. CHD is more common than chromosomal abnormalities or neural tube defects and accounts for most deaths in childhood due to congenital anomalies, but many fetal heart defects are still undetected prenatally. Prenatal diagnosis of a major heart defect allows adequate planning of obstetric and neonatal management to ensure that appropriate medical care is available to the newborn with congenital heart defects. Detection rate of major fetal heart defects varies among countries and among individual centres. This can be partially attributed to the level and intensity of training for screening the fetal heart at the time of routine obstetric scanning as well as different policies by different countries regarding their local screening programs. To achieve better detection rates than those obtained with the fourchamber view it is important that screening programs include assessment of the outflow tracts. Visualisation of the left and right ventricular outflows is achieved by cephalad angulation of the transducer from the four-chamber view, simply tilting the probe. The normal aorta and pulmonary artery cross each other at their origin with a posterior and centrally located aorta and an anterior pulmonary artery. The effectiveness of prenatal detection of congenital heart defects relies upon continuous training as well as on availability of an integrated service between paediatric cardiologists and obstetricians. A number of cardiac abnormalities may also be recognised prenatally due to the presence of associated chromosomal and extracardiac abnormalities or if a genetic syndrome is suspected and vice-versa. Families with previous history of congenital heart defect are known to be at-risk of having a baby with a heart abnormality and these families are referred for a detailed examination of the fetal heart. The risk of finding an abnormality is above that the general population, about 2% if one child is affected, 10% if two siblings had congenital heart defect and around 4-9% if one parent is affected. Other risk factors may include insulin-dependent maternal diabetes and exposure to teratogenic drugs. Given the relatively low-risk for these indications, most targeted examinations will lead to confirmation of normality of the fetal heart and family reassurance. On the other hand, in the presence of congenital heart defect, modern fetal echocardiography allows accurate anatomical definition so that most major defects can de identified with certainty and allowing families to be counselled adequately regarding management options for the pregnancy. Detecting a major structural heart defect which involves abnormalities of cardiac connections such as complete transposition of the great arteries and tricuspid atresia can be relatively straightforward. A combination of multiple abnormalities and often seen in the setting of atrial isomerism (heterotaxy syndromes) can also be identified. Following the diagnosis of a major defect, fetal assessment is vital so that extracardiac abnormalities can be identified or excluded and the option of invasive tests (amniocentesis or cordocentesis) to confirm or exclude any associated chromosomal abnormality. On the other hand, counselling can be more challenging if the fetal cardiac diagnosis involve conditions that may evolve as pregnancy advances or that rely on indirect ultrasound signs. Coarctation of the aorta is a classical example. This is a relatively common lesion in the newborn baby and often presents as a duct-dependent systemic circulation requiring intervention in the neonatal period. Suspecting coarctation of the aorta prenatally has been largely based upon the presence and degree of asymmetry between the right and left side of the heart. As a consequence, false positive cases are commonly reported. Detailed examination of four chamber view in a structured manner (situs, axis, ventricular size, shape, integrity of interventricular septum, atrioventricular valves and junction, septum primum, foramen ovale, tricuspid valve closer to the apex than mitral valve) with a checklist. Also aortic and pulmonary artery outflow from correct ventricle and crossing each other, aortic and ductal arch are a main target to be checked for. If we do not see a normal four chamber view, this is the first step to make a diagnosis of such as tricuspid and mitral atresia, Ebstein anomaly, atrial septal defect, double inlet ventricle, large ventricular septal defect, aortic-pulmonary atresia and stenosis. Only with normal four chamber view, we could have missed transposition of great arteries, Fallot, double outlet right ventricle, small ventricular defect, critical aortic stenosis. Checking great arteries is an opportunity to suspect or diagnose of those kinds of heart defects. Main target of screening is to define the patients at risk for major fetal heart abnormalities, then full evaluation and diagnostic work-up can give a possibility for final diagnosis. With a basic but standard and structured training program, routine fetal heart evaluation at 22-23 weeks scan is a good choice of screening for major fetal heart defects.
Risk factors contributing to perinatal and neonatal morbidity and mortality: A birth population-based regional survey in 2010 in china; Recent nationwide survey by sampling of birth population reveals neonatal mortality declines to <10‰, but no data has been provided about perinatal and neonatal mortality with regard to pregnant complications, birth defects and delivery related disorders. We conducted a regional birth population-based survey in Huai'an, Jiangsu province in 2010, with special emphasis on pregnant and neonatal birth associated disorders and risks of complications and mortality. There were population of 5.4 million and 50% as rural residents. The collaborative study involved all hospitals for child delivery (129 level I, 15 level II and 7 level III) and neonate special care service. Information for all the pregnancies and newborns was prospectively collected from Jan 1 to Dec 31, 2010 based on regional perinatal-neonatal information network system. There were totally 61,227 birth registries, with 99.6% (60,986) as live birth in which 60,615 had birth information collected (99% of the total births). The total birth rate was 11.3‰, 99% were in-hospital deliveries, and male-to-female ratio 1.16:1. More preterm birth with low birth weight (BW), pregnant complications, congenital anomalies, severe contamination of amniotic fluid, Apgar score <3 at 1-min and 5-min, high risk newborns, and neonatal mortality were seen at level II and III hospitals. The preterm birth rate (gestational age (GA)<37 weeks) was 3.72% (2,239/60,264) and proportions of total live births in those with GA<28, 28-31, 32-36, 37-41 and ≥42 weeks accounted for 0.05%, 0.45%, 3.21%, 93.5% and 2.81%, respectively. The mean BW was 3,441+491 (median 3,500, range: 500-6,500) g; 3,494+496 g in males vs. 3,379+477 g in females. Extremely low BW (<1,000 g), very LBW (<1,500 g), LBW (<2,500 g) and macrosomia (≥4,000 g) newborns accounted for 0.05% (28), 0.26% (154), 2.8% (1,691) and 13.6% (8,231) of the total live births (60,372), respectively. Cesarean section delivery was 52.9%. Birth defects (BD) were found in 0.67% (411/60,986). Most of the fetal death/stillbirths, preterm births, LBW, multiple-births, BD, pregnant complications, abnormal amniotic fluid, birth asphyxia, and neonatal death at delivery were found in the level II-III hospitals. Approximately 10% (6,051/60,445) deliveries had significant prenatal complications as major risk factors such as premature rupture of membrane (3,290, 5.4%), hypertension (1,016, 1.7%), anemia (746, 1.2%), preeclampsia (277, 0.4%), placenta previa (181), placenta abruption (80), among others. Cesarean section rate, proportions of fetal death/stillbirth, preterm birth, death at delivery, and neonatal death were significantly higher in those with pregnant complications than those without. In those by vaginal delivery, 0.7% were dystocia requiring assisted operational procedures. The cesarean section rate for BW<2,500 g was significant lower than for BW ≥2500 g (47.1% vs. 53.1%), and significantly higher in those with pregnancy complications than those without (71.6% vs. 50.8%). More neonates from cesarean section had history of abnormal amniotic fluid quantity and severe contaminations, lower Apgar scores at 1- and 5-min after birth, congenital heart disease and respiratory distress syndrome, required oxygen therapy and mechanical ventilation. More pregnant complications, preterm births and low BW rates, and congenital anomalies were seen in those whose maternal age >35 years old. In those of maternal age <20 years old, there were also high proportions of preterm births and low BW rates. There were 97.4% newborns discharged healthy and 2.2% (1,298/60,359) required care in neonatal wards. In 6,872 neonates hospitalized (male-to-female ratio 1.71:1), 24.5% were preterm, 19.4% LBW, 9% BD, and 19% at deliveries had significantly prenatal risk factors. The mortalities for the male and female were both 2.4%, and for urban and rural origin, 1.2% and 2.8%, respectively. The perinatal mortality rate was 0.77% (471/60,986). The leading causes of stillbirth were associated with fetal malformations, umbilical cord, placenta, birth asphyxia, abnormal amniotic fluid, etc. The neonatal mortality rate was 0.44% (269/60,986). In all the hospitalized neonates, 34.9% recovered, 56.2% improved, 4.8% requested own discharge, 2.4% were given up or died, 1.7% transferred to other hospitals. Length and cost of hospital stay was 8.5+6.3 days and 4,182+4,033 Yuan (CNY, 6.5=1 USD in 2010), respectively. This complete birth population-based survey reveals that significantly reduced perinatal-neonatal mortality was associated with centralized high risk pregnancy and delivery in the regional level II-III hospitals, that delivery with cesarean section was associated with high perinatally related complications, and that the lower perinatal-neonatal mortality should be accounted for by the lower proportion of preterm birth and VLBW. We speculate that in annual 16 million births in China, there should be 4-5% preterm births, 4-5‰ fetal death and stillbirth, 8-9‰ perinatal mortality and 5-6‰ neonatal mortality rate. The pregnant complications outlined in above data file may help to implement intervention for high risk pregnancy and delivery at regional hospitals. (Table Presented).
Breast-fed children born large-for-gestational-age of non-diabetic mothers have more sensibility to insulin and major lean mass: Implications for subsequent development of obesity; Introduction Children born large-for-gestational-age (LGA) of non-diabetic mothers that were exclusively breast-fed have less risk of developing metabolic alterations associated with obesity, including resistance to insulin and cardiovascular diseases in the adult age. Aims To study the mechanisms that can determine this evolution by means of the analysis of the endocrinemetabolic profile and of the corporal composition in breast-fed babies LGA during the first year of life, comparing this information with that obtained in breast-fed babies born adequate-forgestational- age (AGA). Subjects and Methods Prospective and longitudinal study of 31 AGA (48% girls) and 18 LGA (50% girls). The level of glucose, insulin, IGF-I and high molecular weight adiponectin (HMW-adipo) in cord blood, at 4 and at 12 months. The study of corporal composition [dual energy x ray absorptiometry (DXA)] was also carried out at 15 days and at 4 and 12 months of life. Results In the newborn, the average values for lean mass, fat mass and bone mineral content (BMC) in LGA infants were between +1 and +2 standard deviations of the values of the AGA. Between 0-12 months the increase of weight and length in both groups was similar; nevertheless, the LGA infants gained an average of 0,9 Kg more of lean mass (p<0.0001) and 0,7 Kg less of fat mass (p<0.0001) (and fewer BMC). At 4 and 12 months the levels of insulin and of IGF-I were lower in LGA infants (p<0.01) and the levels of HMW-adipo were higher. Conclusions During the first year of life, breast-fed LGA infants of non-diabetic mothers gain more lean mass than fat mass and present major sensibility to insulin and IGF-I low concentrations, compared with breastfed AGA infants. This endocrine-metabolic profile and the corporal composition might partly explain why these patients should be protected from the subsequent development of obesity. The extended follow-up of these patients will allow us to know if this profile persists during infancy.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives Cardiovascular disease (CVD), including coronary heart disease (CHD), remains the leading cause of premature death worldwide. Women are more vulnerable to premature death from CVD than men. Preventive measures are effective in reducing mortality. The earlier preventive measures are started, the greater their impact on survival. Diabetes mellitus is a known risk factor for CVD which should prompt screening for other cardiovascular risk factors, including dyslipidaemia, in adults. However, it is not routine practice to screen women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) for other cardiovascular risk factors. This prospective study examined the prevalence of dyslipidaemia postpartum in women diagnosed with GDM. Methods Women with an abnormal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) during pregnancy were given an appointment for a repeat OGTT 6-8 weeks postpartum. A fasting lipid profile was performed at the same time as the fasting glucose sample. Clinical details were recorded from the medical records, including the woman's weight and body mass index (BMI) at her first antenatal visit. Lipid profiles in GDM patients were compared with results from non-GDM age-matched Irish women. Results Of the 98 women studied, the mean age was 33.0 years and 30.6% were primigravid. The mean BMI was 30.6 kg/m2 (range 19.4-45.7) and 51% were obese. The overall prevalence of postpartum dyslipidaemia was 52%. Total cholesterol was raised in 44%, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) was raised in 33% and triglycerides were raised in 16%. The prevalence of dyslipidaemia was 78% in women with moderate to severe obesity (BMI >34.5 kg/m2) compared with 50% in non-obese women (P < 0.0001). Of the five women with an abnormal postpartum OGTT, 80% had an abnormal lipid profile. Compared with healthy women of the same age, women with GDM had significantly higher total cholesterol (P = 0.041), higher LDL (P = 0.003), higher triglycerides (P < 0.0001) and lower highdensity lipoprotein (HDL) (P = 0.039). Conclusions Women with GDM have higher levels of total cholesterol, LDL and triglycerides and lower levels of HDL than healthy women of the same age. In women with moderate to severe obesity, the incidence of dyslipidaemia is 78%. Our findings strongly suggest that women diagnosed with GDM, whether obese or not, should be screened postpartum for dyslipidaemia. If the lipids are abnormal they should be offered cardioprotective interventions and ongoing monitoring of their lipid profile.
Can we improve care and outcomes of pregnancy in women with morbid obesity?; Objectives Obesity is one of the biggest challenges facing maternity services today. A pregnancy complicated by obesity increases the risk of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), thromboembolism, dysfunctional labour, operative intervention and postpartum haemorrhage. These can potentially be reduced with good quality clinical care. To compare current practice at Royal Derby Hospital with the RCOG/CEMACE guideline on management of pregnant women with morbid obesity. Methods A retrospective case-note audit of all women delivered at Royal Derby Hospital (RDH) between 01 September 2011 and 31 August 2012 with booking BMI ≥40 kg/m2. The data were collected using a standardised proforma and analysed using Microsoft Excel. Results There were 6233 deliveries at RDH with 140 (2.25%) patients with BMI ≥40 kg/m2. We analysed 134 case notes as insufficient data were available for the remaining six patients. The majority of patients had been 20-29 years of age (62.6%) and were multiparous (65%). A glucose tolerance test was performed in 95.5% of patients at 28 weeks of gestation with obese patients more likely to develop gestational diabetes (14.8% versus 2.1%). Fifty-six percent of the study population had an anaesthetic review. Fifty percent of women laboured spontaneously, 37.4% of labours were induced and 12.6% had elective caesarean section (CS). There was a higher emergency CS rate among the obese patients as compared with the general population (24.8% versus 17.1%). 65.8% of women had a normal vaginal delivery and the instrumental delivery rate was 9.4%. 87.7% of operative deliveries were either performed or supervised by ST6 and above. 96.2% had active management of third stage with major postpartum haemorrhage occurring more in this group as compared with general population (7.5% versus 3.1%). Obese patients were also more likely to have babies with a birth weight >4 kg (21.6% versus 10.6%). 50.8% had postnatal thromboprophylaxis with 73.4% on sufficient thromboprophylaxis for weight. Conclusion The audit demonstrated complication rates were higher in pregnant women with morbid obesity. The guidelines were not being adhered to, particularly for anaesthetic assessment and venous thromboembolism risk. All pregnant women with morbid obesity should be seen in consultant-led specialised antenatal clinics as prepregnancy and antenatal risk counselling is vital, with surveillance for preeclampsia in addition to GDM. Review of our local guideline with more training for healthcare professionals involved in the care of this group of high risk patients is required to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
Severe pre-eclampsia: Swings and roundabouts; Overview A case discussion on a patient with treatment reistant erratic severe pre-eclampsia (PET) who developed cerebral oedema requiring several intensive-care admissions and also had an adrenal mass on CT scan. Case This 37-year-old para 4 East-Timorese woman with gestational diabetes was a late booker with a history of pregnancyinduced hypertension in her last pregnancy who had a normal booking blood pressure (BP). She presented with a BP of 200/100 and +++ proteinuria and PET symptoms at 34 + 6 weeks. She was delivered and treated with labetolol and magnesium sulphate (MgSO4). BP stabilised, however she became confused and agitated and BP was 200/110++++ proteinuria. CT brain showed cerebral oedema warranting intensive care admission, further MgSO4 and a neat labetolol infusion for BP control. BP remained erratic and CT abdomen showed an adrenal mass and a differential of phaeochromocytoma or cushings disease was suggested. The patient required a further CT and MRI brain scan due to hallucinations, which were negative. Endocrinological tesing and urinary catecholamines were normal. The patient settled day 11 post-delivery on amlodipine and it was felt that the diagnosis was severe PET. A plan was made for endocrine followup and a plan for future pregnancies. Conclusion It is vital to consider other differentials in patients with treatment resitant hypertension, particularly those with end organ damage. Only retrospectively can the diagnosis be made. Involve multi-disciplinary team members.
A case of obstructive sleep apnoea and abnormal fetal heart pattern in pregnancy: Easily missed at antenatal risk assessment; Case A 27-year-old female with BMI of 28.3 was booked under midwifery care. At 37 + 4 weeks, she was admitted with BP 150/ 100 mmHg, episode of reduced fetal movements and increased symphysio-fundal-height. She had gained 31 kg in her pregnancy increasing her BMI to 39.3. A routine CTG while the patient was asleep and snoring showed a decrease in fetal baseline heart rate with audible deceleration to 48 bpm. Patient was woken up and the fetal heart rate recovered to a rate of 120 bpm after 2.5 min and slowly recovered to previous baseline over 8 min. Pulse oximetry showed maternal oxygen desaturation to 86% during this episode increasing to 98% during normal breathing. As the patient was term, Labour was induced due to concerns about fetal well-being. Continuous CTG showed no further significant bradycardic episodes. Patient had a vaginal delivery of a male infant weighing 3.8 kg with umbilical cord arterial pH of 7.15; BE-2.8 mEq/L. Discussion Obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) is the most common sleep-disordered breathing in young and obese women. The existence of this condition in pregnancy is often overlooked. OSA in pregnancy was first reported in 1978. Pregnant women suffering from OSA complain of increased snoring, sudden awakenings with gasping, excessive daytime sleepiness. Reported feto-maternal risks associated with OSA include pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, IUGR, stillbirth and acute events such as fetal heart rate decelerations. Berlin questionnaire and Epworth scales are commonly employed screening methods, while Polysomnography remains the definitive diagnostic tool for OSA. The severity of OSA is assessed by apnea-hypopnea index (AHI), and there is some evidence that pregnancy complications increase as the AHI rises. Nasal continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) has been successfully used on pregnant mothers suffering from OSA. Conclusion We therefore, suggest having a high index of suspicion of OSA in obese pregnant women and formulate a mechanism to identify OSA in the antenatal period to decrease risk of adverse maternal and fetal outcomes.
Aseptic meningitis in pregnancy-a challenging case for the obstetricians and review of the literature; Background Aseptic meningitis is a relatively rare illness. The majority of cases of non-bacterial (aseptic) meningitis are attributed to viruses, in particular enteroviruses, although malignancy, autoimmune illness and drug side effects can also mimic the picture. There has been very little documented in the literature to date regarding aseptic meningitis in pregnancy. We discuss a recent case of aseptic meningitis in a multigravida at 34 weeks and review the literature to date on cases of aseptic meningitis in pregnancy. Case A 36-year-old woman G3P2 with background history of pregnancy induced hypertension and gestational diabetes presented at 34 weeks of gestation with recurrent headaches. Her obstetric history included two spontaneous vaginal deliveries, with pre-eclampsia in the first pregnancy and gestational diabetes in both pregnancies. She described the headache as the worst she had ever had, exacerbated by movements and associated with nausea and vomiting. She had no abdominal pain, photophobia or rashes and no prior history of migraine. All examinations, including abdominal and full neurological assessment, were normal apart from neck stiffness. On admission she was apyrexial with a blood pressure of 159/97 (she was taking labetalol 400 mg TDS and nifedipine 10 mg BD). Her bloods were normal (WCC 10.7, CRP 5, Plt 153, plasma glucose 5.3 mmol/L). A CT head scan was unremarkable. Lumbar puncture revealed a colourless CSF demonstrating polymorphs 300, protein 866 mg/L (150-400 mg/L), glucose 3.0 mmol/L (serum glucose 5.3), and negative bilirubin and oxyhaemoglobin. On day 2 of admission she developed pyrexia, blanching maculopapular rashes with worsening headache and neck stiffness. Her blood inflammatory markers rose and a clinical diagnosis of meningitis was made. Intravenous ceftriaxone and amoxicillin were commenced. The patient's symptoms improved however, there was no growth in CSF, blood or urine cultures. She completed the courses of antibiotics and was discharged. She represented with preeclampsia symptoms at 37 weeks and was found to have a breech presentation. She delivered by caesarean section and recovered without complications. Discussion The challenge of distinguishing bacterial meningitis from aseptic meningitis is most important in order to appropriately treat the illness and to understand the prognosis. Whilst the cases of aseptic meningitis we have reviewed have had varying outcomes from very good to fatal, there is more evidence in the literature documenting the poorer prognosis of cases of bacterial meningitis during pregnancy.
The management and the outcome of gestational diabetic women in North tees and Hartlepool NHS trust, United Kingdom: Departmental Audit 2012; Objectives To investigate the management and the outcome of gestational diabetes against the NICE guideline. Methods Design/setting: retrospective study between July 2010- May 2011. Sample: Total 52 patients. Data analysis from electronic patient records, delivery evolution records and the neonatal records. Main outcome measures: maternal weight gain, the mode of delivery, baby details: live birth/intrauterine death, baby weight, baby conditions, neonatal hypoglycaemia, admission to neonatal unit, postnatal GTT (glucose tolerance test). Results A total of 52 patients were identified, of which 49 records were available. Majority are White British but 10% are from Asian background. Age ranges between 21 and 35 years in majority but >15% are over 35. Half of them have BMI 30 and above. Average weight gain during pregnancy was 8.8 kg. Thirty-five percent of patients controlled their blood sugar with diet alone. Thirteen percent were given insulin and 29% was given medications (metformin). Total 23% received both insulin and metformin. Thirty-eight patients have normal vaginal deliveries. Eleven patients delivered by caesarean section and three required instrumental deliveries. Ninty-eight percent delivered live born babies and 2% have intrauterine fetal death. Thirteen babies were weight over 4 kg and three of them have shoulder dystocia. Ten babies developed neonatal hypoglycaemia and 3 were admitted to neonatal care unit. Total 7 patients continued to have abnormal postnatal GTT. Sixteen patients didn't have postnatal GTT. Conclusion Screening for diabetes was performed as per NICE guideline but cut off level for BMI >35 was used instead of 30. All patients received full health educations from the diabetes team. However, only 75% was seen by Dietician which is lower than NICE guideline. Average weight gain during pregnancy was 8.8 kg which is in normal range but weight was not recorded regularly. Majority of patients induced between 38 and 39 weeks and delivered vaginally. Only 20% required caesarean section which is equivalent to normal populations. One baby has congenital heart disease and one died in uterus. Three of 13 big babies had intrapartum complications. Twenty percent developed neonatal Hypoglycaemia which is higher than the acceptable level. Abnormal GTT are associated with increased risk of large vessel disease and with increased risk of progression towards overt diabetes. These patients needed to be follow-up with postnatal GTT but one-third of them didn't have their GTT.
The effectiveness of a multi-disciplinary approach in managing a high-risk diabetic obstetric patient at Birmingham City Hospital; Objectives The global rise in the prevalence of diabetes mellitus has led to numerous pregnancy-related complications including congenital malformations, stillbirths, neonatal mortality and macrosomia. The NICE guidelines and latest studies recommended all women with type I diabetes mellitus have preconceptual care and counselling to optimise their glycaemic control and improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. We report a case of antenatal and intrapartum complications that occurred in a high-risk diabetic obstetric patient and the effectiveness of a multi-disciplinary team management on this patient at Birmingham City Hospital. Methods A retrospective case note review was performed to collect data on pre-conception counselling, antenatal care, intrapartum management and overall outcomes including duration of hospital stay, maternal and neonatal outcomes, and postnatal complications. Results A 26-year-old woman with longstanding type I diabetes suffered a perinatal death in 2011 after 32 weeks of gestation and delivered a stillborn baby with congenital cardiac disease. She subsequently received pre-conceptual care and glycaemic optimisation in her current fourth pregnancy. She also had one healthy baby and one miscarriage previously. From 6 weeks of gestation in her current pregnancy, she developed numerous complications including nephrotic syndrome, severe proliferative retinopathy, severe hypertension, anaemia and chronic otitis media. Serial scans at 27 weeks showed fetal macrosomia (abdominal circumference and estimated birthweight >90th centile) and normal fetal anatomy. She was managed by a multidisciplinary team of diabetologist, nephrologist, ophthalmologist, obstetrician, ENT surgeon and critical care throughout her pregnancy. Due to her progressive nephropathy (Creatinine >120 lmol/L) and severe hypertension, she was admitted at 28 weeks for management of hypertension, fluid restriction, glycaemic control and antibiotics. Her clinical condition continued to deteriorate and she had an emergency caesarean section based on a superimposed diagnosis of pre-eclampsia. Her baby was safely delivered with a birth weight of 1510 g at 28 weeks. Postoperatively, she developed euglycaemic ketosis which necessitated her admission to intensive care for supportive management. Her biochemical and glycaemic results gradually improved and she was discharged on day 8 postoperative with several follow-ups in various specialties. Conclusion This case report highlights the importance of preconceptual care in identifying high-risk patients, thereby leading to an effective multi-disciplinary team optimising their antenatal care and improving overall outcomes.
Successful pregnancy in a patient with untreated pituitary driven Cushing's disease; Introduction Pregnancy occurring in women with Cushing's syndrome is rare as high cortisol levels make conception unlikely. Pregnancy occurring in pituitary driven Cushing's disease is even rarer with only just over 70 cases described in the English literature. Hypercortisolism is associated with increased maternal morbidity and adverse fetal outcome especially if untreated. We report on a rare case of a successful pregnancy with a live birth in a case of untreated pituitary driven Cushing's disease. Case Report A 38-year-old gravida 5 para 3 woman with Cushing's disease and a 5 mm micro adenoma on MRI was awaiting treatment when she got pregnant. Although she had Cushing's disease for about 5 years she had declined treatment and was poorly controlled and had obesity, osteoporosis causing necrosis of femoral head and recurrent infections on the fat pad at back of neck. She declined surgical and medical management during pregnancy. She persisted with hypercortisolism throughout the pregnancy and clinically worsened with increased obesity, recurrent abscesses in her buffalo hump, worsening back pain from osteoporosis and was wheelchair bound from the necrosis of neck of femur. In spite of the untreated hypercortisolism, the pregnancy progressed to 33 weeks of gestation. She then went into spontaneous labour and had a live vaginal delivery of a male infant. There were no intrapartum or postnatal complications for both mother and baby. Discussion Untreated hypercortisolism is associated with increased maternal morbidity like hypertension, cardiac failure, gestational diabetes, poor skin healing and recurrent infections as well as poor fetal outcomes like still births and preterm labour. Pregnancy outcome may be improved in patients who have surgery to remove the pituitary tumour. Although medical treatment with cortisol inhibiting drugs like ketoconazole and metyrapone have been reported in pregnancy the results have been conflicting with some case reports reporting high fetal loss rates. There are very few reported cases in the literature of successful pregnancies in untreated Cushing's disease. Our patient gave birth to a live male infant despite lack of treatment. This case highlights the rare occurrence of a successful pregnancy in Cushing's disease and a favourable outcome with supportive measures only.
Pregnancy outcome and management of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: A case report and literature review; Background We report an interesting case of a diabetic pregnancy associated with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The diagnosis was made following an emergency caesarean delivery at 37 weeks for fetal distress and was associated with severe metabolic acidosis and poor Apgar scores. The baby was transferred to Liverpool Women's Hospital tertiary unit and required ventilation support. Case Our case describes a 24-year-old, Para 1 with a previous emergency caesarean section for fetal distress. She has a background of Type 2 Diabetes since 2008 for which she is taking 500 mg Metformin BD. She is a chronic smoker with a raised BMI of 34. The patient's anomaly scan was normal and a fetal echocardiography did not show any signs of congenital, valvular, or structural abnormality. Her 30 week growth scan was normal and at 36 + 6 weeks she was referred to triage for decreased fetal movements. A subsequent ultrasound scan showed growth above the 90th centile with polyhydramnios and no evidence of hydrops. She had a suboptimal CTG and a category 2 emergency caesarean section was performed. Postnatal echocardiography confirmed the diagnosis of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, which resolved after several weeks. Conclusion There is an increased risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy among newborns of diabetic mothers and around 1 in 5000 people are affected in the UK. This condition is normally asymptomatic in utero and may only result in congestive heart failure in the immediate postnatal period. Neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually has a poor prognosis that is not secondary to a cardiac malformation with the exception of transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates of diabetic mothers. Our case indicates that diabetic hypertrophic cardiomyopathy can present with acute fetal distress even in the absence of hydrops and suggest this condition may cause stillbirth in women with type 2 diabetes, despite being more prevalent in type 1 diabetics. There is little literature regarding this condition and we aim to heighten awareness and surveillance of neonates after acute fetal distress. Further research is recommended looking at the role of routine prenatal echocardiography for pre natal diagnosis of cardiomyopathy and antenatal management.
Predictors of postpartum primary care utilization forwomenwith medically complicated pregnancies: An analysis of medical claims data; BACKGROUND: Pregnancy complications, such as gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), are risk factors for type 2 diabetes (DM) and cardiovascular disease. Guidelines recommend postpartum DM screening for women with GDM and reassessing blood pressure for women with HDP. We determined predictors of postpartum utilization of primary and obstetric care in the 1 year after delivery. METHODS: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using claims data 2003-10 from a private health insurance plan and a Medicaid Managed Care Organization in Maryland. Our sample included women with ≥ one pregnancy and insurance claims 6 months prior to conception through 12 months after delivery. We compared utilization between women with complicated pregnancies (GDM, pregestational DM or HDP) and a comparison group of women who had a pregnancy without any of these complications, using ICD9 and CPT codes. The primary outcome was a primary care visit within 12 months and the secondary outcome was an obstetric visit within 3 months after delivery. We used multivariate logistic regression models to assess the association between the pregnancy complications and sociodemographic predictor variables, and utilization of care at 3 and 12 months after delivery, stratified by insurance type. RESULTS: 37,751 deliveries accounted for 8,389 complicated pregnancies (7,741 women) and 28,054 comparison pregnancies (23,559 women). 87.2 % had Medicaid insurance. Rates of HDP, GDM and pregestational DM were 17.0 %, 9.1 % and 1.4 %, respectively. Compared to the group without complications, women with a complicated pregnancy were older at delivery (24.8 vs. 26.5 years, p<0.001), had higher rates of cesarean delivery (38.0 % vs. 24.6 %, p<0.0001) and preterm delivery (13.7 % vs. 8.0 %, p<0.0001). Among women with private health insurance 60.0 % in the complicated delivery and 49.5 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit within 12 months postpartum. Half of women with Medicaid lost coverage 3-6 months after delivery. Among those with coverage≥6 months postpartum, 56.6 % in the complicated group and 51.7 % in the comparison group attended a primary care visit within 12 months. Nearly half of all women with private health insurance and 60 % of women with Medicaid attended a postpartum obstetric visit within 3 months. Among women with Medicaid, statistically significant predictors of receiving a primary care visit within 12 months postpartum included non-Black race, older age, preeclampsia or pregestational DM (but not GDM) and depression. Among women with private health insurance, statistically significant predictors of receiving primary care within 12 months included co-morbid diagnoses of thyroid disease and asthma, being a current smoker and having a mental health disorder, but not pregnancy complications. CONCLUSIONS: Compared to women without pregnancy complications, women with GDM, HDP or pregestational DM were more likely to attend primary care visits within 1 year after delivery. Except for women with pregestational DM, fewer than 60 % of women with complicated deliveries attended a visit. Because many women lose insurance coverage within 3 months of delivery, Medicaid expansion policies have potential to improve women's post-pregnancy preventive health care, especially for women at risk of developing chronic diseases.
Visit based EHR reminders improve the quality of outpatient care; BACKGROUND: Current electronic health records (EHRs) are efficient in collecting and storing enormous amounts of patient data; yet, standard build EHRs often provide little or no intelligent decision support to facilitate evidence-based care. We developed and implemented a suite of just-in-time, visit-based, EHR-enabled Best Practice Alerts (BPAs) with exception reporting for 3 chronic diseases and 5 preventative services in 3 academic general medicine practices using the Epic EHR. We assessed the impact of the EHR-based decision support and exception reporting intervention on national quality indicators. METHODS: We assessed pre-post performance differences on 13 quality indicators for diabetes (DM), heart disease (HD), and heart failure (HF) and 5 preventative services in the 12 months before and after implementation of the BPAs. Time series linear regression was used to adjust for autoregressive errors and secular trends. Rates of change (% per year) in performance in the pre- and post-intervention periods are reported.. Quality measures were satisfied if the recommended care occurred or if an appropriate exception was documented using the BPAs: did not have the disease (e.g. h/o gestational diabetes, not diabetes), not done for medical (contraindications) or patient (refusal) reasons, or done outside of our health system with results not automatically available. Our study sample included all established patients with at least 1 office visit in the past 12 months. The study period included a baseline data period from June 2010 to June 2011 and a post-BPA intervention period from July 2011 to June 2012. RESULTS: Eligible patients completed 23,437 visits in the pre- and 25,615 visits in the post-intervention period, triggering 33,194 BPAs in the post-intervention period. For the 18 quality indicators, we saw statistically significant improvements in rates per year for 13 indicators (p<0.05) and a trend towards improvement in another 2 (p<0.06) after adjusting for secular trends. All 5 preventative services had significant improvements: mammography rates improved 9.9 %, colorectal cancer screening 4.5 %, cervical cancer screening 7.2 %, osteoporosis screening 7.3 %, and pneumonia vaccination 7.4 %. For chronic disease metrics, we found significant improvements in lab monitoring (DM LDL: 5.7 %, HD LDL: 4.1 %), medication use (HD beta blocker: 11.4 %, HD ACEI/ARBs: 2 %, HF anticoagulants: 5.3 %, HF ACEI/ARB 2.5 %, HF beta blocker: 6.2 %), and outcomes (DM A1C <8 %: 3.2 %, DM LDL <100: 2.7 %, HD LDL <100: 2.6 %). No improvements were seen for DM A1C monitoring or nephropathy screening. As a comparison, we did not create BPAs for BP monitoring or control for DM or HD. We found no change in BP measurement in either DM or HD; BP control worsened significantly (-4.3 %, p<0.05) for DM and improved significantly (3.5 %, p<0.05) for HD which had 2 reminder BPAs for beta blocker and ACEI/ARB medication usage. Exception reporting had the biggest impact for preventive services that were done outside of our health system. CONCLUSIONS: Our suite of visit-based, EHR-enabled BPAs with exception reporting achieved significant but modest improvements in delivery of all of the preventive service and most of the chronic disease metrics we targeted even after adjusting for secular trends. Further improvements in outpatient quality will likely require more intensive caseand population management, audit and feedback, and/or other incentives.
Pregnancy outcomes in poor responders after ICSI cycles; Study question: Is there any increased risk of adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in poor responders after ICSI cycles? Summary answer: Poor responders are associated with adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes What is known already: Poor ovarian response is a common clinical problem which affects up to 26% of ART cycles. Pregnancy rates were decreased in poor responders and it has been also reported that trisomic pregnancies and miscarriage rates were increased in that group. Study design, size, duration: One hundred thirty one poor responders and 130 age and body mass index matched normoresponders who attended to infertility clinic of Suleymaniye Maternity, Research &Training Hospital, Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, between January 2009 and March 2012 that become pregnant after ICSI therapy, were enrolled in the study. Poor responder was defined as patients less or equal to 4 oocytes were retrieved. Patients older than 37 years were excluded from the study. Participants/materials, setting, methods: Data from the all of the participants were analyzed in terms of pregnancy outcomes such as biochemical pregnancies, miscarriages, live births, multiple pregnancies, prematurity, small for gestational age, intrauterine growth restriction, preeclampsia, placenta previa, abruptio placenta, third trimester bleeding, stillbirth, macrosomia and neonatal complications such as perinatal asphyxia, hydronephrosis, necroziting enterocolitis, congenital heart disease and chromosomal abnormalities. Main results and the role of chance: Among all the study participants with positive pregnancy tests;miscarriage rateswere higher in poor responders compared with normoresponders (21.4% versus 10.8%; p < 0.0001, respectively) and live birth rates were lower in the same group (48.1% versus 76.2%; p < 0.0001, respectively). The incidence of multiple pregnancy rates was decreased in poor responders compared with normoresponders (1.6% versus 12.1%; p = 0.008, respectively) and low birth weight (less than 2500g) and preterm delivery (less than 37 weeks) were increased in that group compared with controls (34.9% versus 16.2%; p = 0.006, respectively and 27.0%versus 10.1%; p = 0.006, respectively).Other adverse pregnancy and neonatal outcomes were also elevated in poor responders (p < 0.0001; p = 0.001, respectively). Moreover, the relative risk of obstetric and neonatal outcomes were (3.7, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.01-6.70 and 2.7, 95% CI 1.51-4.80, respectively). Limitations, reason for caution: One of the limitations of the study is its retrospective design. In addition it is a preliminary study with relatively low study subjects. Some additional studies are also needed to investigate long term outcome of these children. Wider implications of the findings: It has been hypothesized that there is a close relationship between poor ovarian reserve and oocyte quality. The present study has shown that pregnancy and neonatal complications were increased in poor responders compared with normoresponders.We also confirmed that poor responders are less prone to multiple pregnancies. Poor responders undergoing IVF treatment should not only be informed about their low pregnancy rates, but also about their increased pregnancy and neonatal complications.
Fetuses of mothers with thyroid disease may be at higher risk of developing supraventricular tachycardia; Background: Fetal tachyarrhythmias may complicate 0.5% of pregnancies and are associated with high morbidity and mortality. Prior studies have evaluated factors that may contribute to poor outcomes in fetal supraventricular tachycardia (SVT), but few studies have evaluated fetal or maternal factors that may predispose to development of fetal SVT. Methods: We reviewed fetal echocardiograms and medical records of all mothers who presented to Vanderbilt Fetal Cardiology Clinic from 2004-2010 for evaluation of fetal arrhythmias except heart block. Among 124 fetuses evaluated for arrhythmias, 28 had documented SVT. Maternal factors, including medical history and medication use, were compared between 28 fetuses with SVT and a control group of 111 fetuses with normal cardiac anatomy screened for non-cardiac conditions. Results: There were 124 fetuses evaluated for suspected arrhythmias, with the following diagnoses: normal sinus rhythm 44 (35%), premature atrial contractions 51 (41%), SVT 28 (23%), and premature ventricular contractions 1 (1%). Of the 28 fetuses with SVT, 8 (29%) had short ventriculoatrial (VA) tachycardia, 4 (14%) had long VA tachycardia, 2 (7%) had atrial flutter, 1 (4%) had short VA tachycardia plus atrial flutter, and 13 (46%) had unspecified SVT. A comparison of maternal predisposing factors is shown in Table 1. Of maternal factors, only a history of thyroid disease was statistically significant when compared to controls. Thyroid disease, which reportedly affects 2-3% of pregnant women, was present in 7% of mothers evaluated for fetal arrhythmia (p = 0.375). Among mothers whose fetuses had SVT, 21% had thyroid disease (2/3 hypothyroidism) compared to 3% of controls (p<0.001). Maternal diabetes mellitus trended toward significance in the SVT cohort compared to controls (p = 0.06). Conclusion: Maternal factors may affect fetal heart rate, but no one risk factor has been prominent in the diagnosis of fetal arrhythmias. In this small cohort, maternal thyroid disease was more common in fetuses with SVT compared to controls (OR = 9.8), suggesting closer screening for fetal arrhythmias and SVT in mothers with thyroid disease. Further investigation in a larger cohort is needed to validate this finding. The influence of maternal diabetes may also warrant further investigation in a larger cohort.
Value of echocardiography for the diagnosis and monitoring of evolution of persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborn; Purpose: Evaluation the value of the echocardiographic exam for the diagnosis of the persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHN) in the newborn infant. Methods: Patients 41 newborns (aged 0-8 days) with PPHN that was analyzed the PPHN causes, PaO2, ECG, chest X-ray, Doppler echocardiography which was repeated after 5-7 days in all patients. Results: The main PPHN causes: severe perinatal hypoxia, meconium aspiration syndrome, hyaline membrane disease, hypothermia, neonatal sepsis, infant of diabetic mothers, congenital cardiac malformations (7). Physical exam: cyanosis in the first 12 h, tachypnea and/or a severe respiratory distress, systolic murmur on the left border of sternum. ECG: age related aspects, impaired left ventricular relaxation. Chest X-ray: cardiomegaly (all cases). PaO2: low values in all patients. Echocardiographic aspects: enlargement of the right chambers; severe tricuspid regurgitation (the peak velocity 3-4 m/s); mitral regurgitation (12/41 cases), left-to-right shunt across foramen ovale and/or ductus arteriosus (30/41), enlargement of the pulmonary artery and severe pulmonary regurgitation with a gradient 50-60 mmHg (all cases), septal hypertrophy (11/41); impaired left ventricular relaxation with normal systolic function; congenital heart diseases (7 cases). Repeated echocardiography revealed in most of the cases diminished or no right-to left shunt across ductus arteriosus or foramen ovale correlate with clinical improvement and disappearance of cyanosis. Conclusions: Echocardiography beside clinical exam and history of the disease, is un important element for the diagnosis and follow up of evolution by the treatment of PPHN in the newborn with cyanosis and this investigation must be performed early after birth.
Effect of glycemic control on fetal heart: 3D fetal echocardiography tissue Doppler study; Background: Although fetal echocardiography was initially used for the identification of structural congenital heart diseases, attention recently has moved to its value in functional assessment of the fetal heart and circulation. Aim: To evaluate the effect maternal glycemic control on fetal cardiac function using 3D echocardiography & tissue Doppler imaging. Patients & Methods: Seventy five Gestational DM mothers evaluated at (34 weeks or more) and were divided into uncontrolled (DM) and controlled DM group according to HBA1C at examination. Forty healthy mothers were selected as controls. All selected groups were subjected to physical, obstetric examination, ultrasonograhy, 3 D fetal echocardiography and tissue Doppler myocardial imaging of both ventricles. Results: GDM fetuses cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls, and the differences between controlled DM and uncontrolled DM were not significant. Myocardial tissue Doppler velocities for fetuses of diabetic mothers are higher than those fetuses of healthy mothers, significant difference in myocardial tissue Doppler velocities between controlled diabetic group and uncontrolled group. Conclusion: Myocardial velocities obtained with TDE in conjunction with traditional Doppler methods provide an important non-invasive means of assessing fetal cardiac function. Glycemic control is very important for fetus of diabetic mother to prevent myocardial dysfunction.
Historical facts of screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy; Diabetes is the most common metabolic disorder affecting pregnancy. Its prevalence seems to be growing in parallel with the epidemics of overweight and obesity. Recognizing and treating diabetes or any degree of glucose intolerance in pregnancy results in lowering maternal and fetal complications. These patients present higher risk for excessive weight gain, preeclampsia, cesarean sections, a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Infants born to these mothers are at higher risk for macrosomia and birth trauma, and after delivery, these infants have a higher risk of developing hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, respiratory distress syndrome, polycythemia and subsequent obesity and type 2 diabetes. Despite several international workshops and a lot of research there is still no unique approach to diagnose and treat diabetes in pregnancy. Who, when and how to screen and diagnose diabetes in pregnancy has been debated in the literature for so many decades and this debate seems to be endless. We present the evolution that screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy has had over time. Besides many evidence of the benefits these procedures bring, health care providers still often prefer to use alternate criteria for this purpose. The myriad of maternal and fetal complications that could be avoided with an appropriate and simple screening procedure are ignored. Robust clinical trials such as the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes (HAPO) study have shown how harmful can even slightly altered blood glucose levels be, but it has been found a resistance in the adoption of the new criteria proposed after this and other trials by many diabetes organizations. These organizations state that these new criteria would increase the incidence of diabetes in pregnancy, would imply in longer term follow-up of these patients and would pose an economic problem; they also state that alerting too many people in order to benefit a relatively few potential diabetics would arise psychologic ill-effects. We think that health care providers should look for an uniformity in the screening and diagnosing diabetes in pregnancy based on evidence based medicine and not on specialists consensus. © 2013 Negrato and Gomes; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Physical activity energy expenditureand glucose control inpregnant women with type 1 diabetes: Is 30 minutes of daily exercise enough?; OBJECTIVE-To describe activity patterns in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and evaluate the impact of increased structured physical activity on glucose control. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-Physical activity energy expenditure (PAEE) and glucose levels (continuous glucose monitoring) were measured in 10 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes (age 33.2 years, gestation 20 weeks, BMI 27.9 kg/m2, diabetes duration 16.6 years, HbA 1c 6.5%[48 mmol/mol], insulin pump duration 2.4 years) during a day at home (freeliving) and during a 24-h visit incorporating controlled diet and structured physical activity with light intensity activity (three 20-min self-paced walks) and moderate intensity activity (two 50- min sessions of brisk treadmill walking). PAEE was evaluated through individually calibrated combined heart rate and movement sensing. RESULTS-Free-living PAEE was comparable to that under controlled study conditions (3.8 and 5.1 kcal/kg/day, P = 0.241), with women achieving near to the recommended 30 min of moderate physical activity (median 27 min [interquartile range 14-68]). During the free-living period, more time was spent in light activity (10.3 vs. 7.2 h, P = 0.005), with less sedentary time (13.0 vs. 14.9 h, P = 0.047) and less moderate activity (27 vs. 121 min, P = 0.022). The free-living 24-h mean glucose levels by continuous glucose monitoring were significantly higher (7.7 vs. 6.0 mmol/L, P = 0.028). The effect of controlled diet and exercise persisted overnight, with significantly less time spent hyperglycemic (19 vs. 0%, P = 0.028) and less glucose variability (glucose SD 1.3 vs. 0.7 mmol/L, P = 0.022). CONCLUSIONS-A controlled diet and structured physical activity program may assist women with type 1 diabetes in achieving optimal glucose control during pregnancy. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Variation in prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus among hospital discharges for obstetric delivery across 23 states in the United States; OBJECTIVE-To examine variability in diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) prevalence at delivery by race/ethnicity and state. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We used data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project State Inpatient Databases for 23 states of the United States with available race/ ethnicity data for 2008 to examine age-adjusted and race-adjusted rates of GDM by state. We used multilevel analysis to examine factors that explain the variability in GDM between states. RESULTS-Age-adjusted and race-adjusted GDM rates (per 100 deliveries) varied widely between states, ranging from 3.47 in Utah to 7.15 in Rhode Island. Eighty-six percent of the variability in GDM between states was explained as follows: 14.7% by age; 11.8% by race/ ethnicity; 5.9% by insurance; and 2.9% by interaction between race/ethnicity and insurance at the individual level; 17.6% by hospital level factors; 27.4% by the proportion of obese women in the state; 4.3% by the proportion of Hispanic women aged 15-44 years in the state; and 1.5% by the proportion of white non-Hispanic women aged 15-44 years in the state. CONCLUSIONS-Our results suggest that GDM rates differ by state, with this variation attributable to differences in obesity at the population level (or "at the state level"), age, race/ ethnicity, hospital, and insurance. © 2013 by the American Diabetes Association.
Obesity in pregnancy: A big problem and getting bigger; Obesity has increased dramatically in the United States over the last several decades, with approximately 40% of women now considered overweight or obese. Obesity has been shown to be associated with poor pregnancy outcomes, including increased rates of cesarean delivery, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, fetal macrosomia, stillbirth, and postterm pregnancy. In this review, we discuss the association of obesity with maternal, fetal, and pregnancy outcomes as well as the recommendations for care of the obese gravida.Target Audience: Obstetricians and gynecologists and family physiciansLearning Objectives: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to describe the maternal, neonatal, and intrapartum complications associated with obesity in pregnancy and implement additional changes to prenatal care appropriate for the obese gravida. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Fetal cardiac disease: The pathologist's perspective; In the European Union, it is estimated that 36,000 children are born every year with congenital heart disease and that a further 3000 who are diagnosed with congenital heart disease die as a result of termination of pregnancy, late fetal death or early neonatal death. In a normal population, the risk of a woman having a child with a congenital heart malformation is of the order of 0.8-1%, the risk rising to 2-3%, if a previous pregnancy was affected by heart disease and approaching 6% if the mother herself has a congenital heart defect. There is great variation between countries in the antenatal detection of heart defects, being lowest in those countries without ultrasound antenatal screening programmes (8-11%), but in Western Europe the detection rates vary between 19% and 48%. High-resolution echocardiography enables assessment of precise structures during the second trimester or even earlier. Copyright © Cambridge University Press 2013.
Prenatal detection and consequences of fetal macrosomia; Macrosomia is diagnosed when excessive intrauterine fetal growth occurs and the birth weight surpasses an established limit. The causes and risk factors for fetal macrosomia are diverse. Pregnancies with fetal macrosomia are considered high risk and require intensive antenatal care. Prenatal ultrasound appears to be the best method for performing weight estimates before birth, as the correct birth weight is often underestimated when using biometric formulae to determine the fetal weight. Three-dimensional volume sonography has been shown to improve estimates of fetal weight by including limbs volumes. The recent Hart formula has been specifically developed for fetal macrosomia estimation and appears to improve accuracy. Delivery of a macrosomic baby is also high risk and should be performed in tertiary centres with experienced obstetricians. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
First-trimester detection of fetal anomalies in pregestational diabetes using nuchal translucency, ductus venosus Doppler, and maternal glycosylated hemoglobin; Objective: The frequency of fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes correlates with their glycemic control. This study aimed to assess the predictive performance of first-trimester fetal nuchal translucency (NT), ductus venosus (DV) Doppler, and hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) to predict fetal anomalies in women with pregestational diabetes. Study Design: This was a prospective observational study of patients undergoing first-trimester NT with DV Doppler. Screening performance was tested for first-trimester parameters to detect fetal anomalies. Results: Of 293 patients, 17 had fetal anomalies (11 cardiac, 7 major, 3 multisystem). All anomalous fetuses were suspected prenatally. One had NT >95th centile, 2 had reversed DV a-wave, and 13 had HbA1c >7.0%. The HbA1c was the primary determinant of anomalies (r2, 0.15; P <.001) and >8.35% was the optimal cutoff for prediction of anomalies with an area under the curve of 0.72 (95% confidence interval, 0.57-0.88). Therefore, first-trimester prediction of anomalies was best in women with increased NT or HbA1c >8.3% (sensitivity 70.6%, specificity 77.4%, positive predictive value 16.2%, negative predictive value 97.7%, P <.001). Conclusion: In women with pregestational diabetes and poor glycemic control, an increased NT increases risks for major fetal anomalies. Second-trimester follow-up is required to achieve accurate prenatal diagnosis. © 2013 Mosby, Inc.
Tissue doppler is more sensitive and reproducible than spectral pulsed-wave doppler for fetal right ventricle myocardial performance index determination in normal and diabetic pregnancies; Background: The aim of this study was to compare the reproducibility, agreement, and sensitivity of pulsed-wave Doppler tissue imaging (DTI) versus spectral Doppler assessment of right ventricular (RV) myocardial performance index (MPI) in midgestation fetuses in both a normal and a disease state. Methods: RV MPI was calculated using pulsed-wave DTI and spectral Doppler in normal pregnancies (n = 69) and in women with pregestational diabetes (n = 51). Intraobserver and interobserver variability and agreement were evaluated using Bland-Altman analysis. Student's t tests were used for comparisons of differences. Results: In normal fetuses, RV MPI derived by the two methods showed no statistical difference, were interchangeable (DTI, 0.51 ± 0.10; spectral Doppler, 0.50 ± 0.12; P =.686), and were in agreement by Bland-Altman analysis. However, in fetuses of mothers with diabetes, the two methods produced different RV MPI measurements (DTI, 0.56 ± 0.10; spectral Doppler, 0.51 ± 0.12; P <.001). Intraobserver and interobserver bias was lower for DTI. Conclusions: The DTI method of measuring fetal RV MPI is more sensitive, has less variability and more precision, and is better able to demonstrate subtle abnormalities in cardiac function than the spectral Doppler method in diabetic versus normal pregnancies. © 2013 by the American Society of Echocardiography.
Revisiting the mechanisms of metformin action in the liver; Although considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the action of metformin, the first line therapeutic for type 2 diabetes, its mechanisms of action has not been fully elucidated. The main antidiabetic effect of this drug is to decrease hepatic glucose production. A plausible molecular mechanism of action now emerges from recent breakthroughs that place metformin at the control of energy homeostasis. Metformin was shown to induce a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex 1. The resulting decrease in hepatic energy state activates the AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK), a cellular metabolic sensor, and provided a generally accepted mechanism for metformin action on hepatic gluconeogenic program. However, the role of AMPK activation in metformin action has recently been challenged by loss-of-function experiments. Recent evidence showed that metformin-induced inhibition of hepatic glucose output is mediated by reducing cellular energy charge rather than direct inhibition of gluconeogenic gene expression. Furthermore, recent data support a novel mechanism of action for metformin involving antagonism of glucagon signaling pathways by inducing the accumulation of AMP, which inhibits adenylate cyclase and reduced levels of cAMP. © 2013 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Interconception Care for Women With Prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus; The diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) signals greater pregnancy risk but also increased lifelong risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. In women with GDM, insulin resistance exceeds that observed in normal pregnancy and to varying degrees may persist or worsen after birth. Therefore, during postpartum and interconception periods, women with a history of GDM must be monitored for manifestations of increasing insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and increased adiposity. Care of women with prior GDM in the postpartum and interconception periods affords clinicians a unique opportunity for targeted screening and health promotion. The objective of this review was to synthesize evidence related to interconception care for women following a pregnancy complicated by GDM and to suggest principles of care: 1) case finding and multiple patient/clinician reminders for women with prior GDM are necessary so that screening occurs in the postpartum through interconception periods; 2) monitoring of metabolic (glucose) and cardiovascular risk (lipids, blood pressure, adiposity) should occur at regular intervals and more often in women with additional risk factors such as insulin use during pregnancy, early diagnosis of GDM, obesity, prediabetes, and dyslipidemia; 3) breastfeeding and use of long-term contraception should be encouraged; and 4) lifestyle modifications that are effective in preventing and delaying disease should be encouraged. © 2013 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Direct medical costs for complications among adults with type 2 diabetes in a us commercial payer setting; OBJECTIVES: The study objective was to provide current patient-level paid cost estimates for complications among adult patients with Type 2 diabetes. METHODS: Patients ages ≥18 with ≥1 claim for a diabetes-related complication were selected from the PharMetrics Health Plan Claims Database, a large U.S. claims database including medical and pharmacy claims for >75 million patients from 80 health plans, during 2009-2010. Patients were continuously-enrolled in the same health plan ≥12 months before and ≥24 months after the first complication claim and had a diagnosis of Type-2 DM prior to their first complication. Patients with gestational diabetes, missing cost, or Medicare Reimbursement or SCHIP coverage were excluded. Diabetes-related complications included cardiovascular events, gangrene, amputation, foot ulcer, renal disease, chronic kidney disease, eye disease and neuropathy. All direct costs in the 2-years following complications were inflated to 2011 dollars. RESULTS: There were 113,222 adult Type-2 DM patients identified with a mean age of 58 years and 53% male. The most frequent complications included neuropathy (27%), non-proliferative retinopathy (22%), renal disease (21%) and heart failure (14%). The most frequent treatments were oral antidiabetics (69%), antihyperlipidemics (62%), ACE-inhibitors (44%), insulins (34%) and antidepressants (29%). The mean (SD) total cost per patient was $38,849 ($71,253) [inpatient $14,086 ($45,290), outpatient $17,319 ($40,887), and pharmacy $7,443 ($12,152)]. Renal disease cost among those with renal disease averaged $20,908 ($80,294), foot ulcers costs among those with amputation/foot ulcers averaged $6,358 ($18,017) and heart failure costs among those with cardiovascular/ cerebrovascular disease averaged $5,764 ($24,384). CONCLUSIONS: Patients with Type 2 DM exhibited substantial health care costs associated with medical complications. The most costly conditions are renal disease, foot ulcers/ amputations and cardiovascular/cerebrovascular diseases.
Fetal congenital heart disease associated with maternal gestational diabetes; Introduction: It is estimated that maternal type 1 diabetes mellitus infers an increased risk of congenital cardiac disease (CHD). The association with gestational diabetes (GDM) is more controversial. Metanalyses have suggested a slightly higher incidence in women with GDM compared to normal cohorts, though the risk is lower than women with pregestational (type 1/2) diabetes. Methods: This retrospective study was undertaken to analyse the demographics and outcomes of woman with GDM referred for detailed fetal echocardiography to our tertiary centre between 1st January 2009 and 31st December 2011. Women with Type 1 or pre-existing Type 2 diabetes were excluded from the study. Study population: 195 women with GDM were assessed in the 3 year period and form the study population. Results: The median age of women referred with GDM was 34 years (Range 21-44 years, Mean 33.2 years). Of the 195 women, 86 (44.1%) were controlled by diet; 30 (15.4%) by oral medication; 73 (37.4%) by insulin and 6 (3.1%) by a combination of insulin and oral medication. Of the 195 referrals, a diagnosis of definite CHD was made in 6 cases (3%). These were: atrioventricular septal defect; tricuspid atresia/VSD; double inlet left ventricle/TAPVD/Pulmonary atresia; double outlet right ventricle/TAPVD; transposition of the great arteries; ventricular septal defect. The referral reasons in the 6 cases were abnormal views of the heart (3) increased nuchal translucency (1) inadequate views (1) and fetal arrhythmia (1). 149 women had the presence/absence of extracardiac anomalies (ECA) documented in their notes. Of these documented, 11 (7.4%) had an ECA noted on the fetal anomaly scan. Of the 141 women in which the nuchal translucency (NT) was documented only 1 (0.7%) was noted to be raised in early pregnancy. Conclusion: Our data shows that there is an increased risk of fetal congenital heart disease in women with GDM. Detailed fetal echocardiography should be considered in this group.
Cardiomyopathy in a pediatric population: Key results from 10 years; Introduction and objectives: Cardiomyopathy is a common cause of heart failure and the main cause of heart transplantation in children. Objectives: (1) To elaborate a pediatric cardiomyopathy registry, (2) to describe the incidence, presentation and outcome of cardiomyopathy in a pediatric population, (3) to examine the medium and long-term course of functional status related to clinically important events. Methods: Medical records of the patients under 15 years old affected by cardiomyopathy according to echocardiographic patterns, from January 2002 to December 2012, were reviewed. Patients with congenital heart defects and infants of diabetic mothers were excluded. Results: 57 patients met inclusion criteria, 35 (61.4%) boys and 22 (38.5%) girls.Median age at diagnosis was 12 months. 30 (52.6%) patients were less than one year old and 3 patients were diagnosed during fetal life. The type of cardiomyopathy was: hypertrophy in 30 (52.6%), dilated in 18 (31.5%), left ventricular noncompaction in 7 (12.2%), restrictive in 1 and ventricular dysplasia in 1. In the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy group, 23 (76.6%) had a known cause: 7 with familial cardiomyopathy, 5 with malformation syndrome, 4 with neuromuscular disorder, 4 with arterial hypertension, 1 with mitochondrial disease, 1 with errors of metabolism, 1 with hyperinsulinism. In the dilated cardiomyopathy group, 12 (66.6%) had a known cause: 6 with familial cardiomyopathy, 2 with myocarditis, 1 with syndrome, 1 with anthracycline toxicity, 1 with arterial hypertension, 1 with mitochondrial disease. Mean follow up time was 3.7 years. 25 (43.8%) were admitted due to heart failure decompensation, 7 (12.2%) had an arrhythmogenic event and 2 (3.5%) had an aborted sudden death event. Surgical intervention was undertaken in 4 (7%), heart transplantation in 11 (19.3%), and implanted defibrillation deviced in 5 (8.8%). 6 (10%) patients dead, all of them were less than 1 year old. Conclusions: More than 50% of children affected by cardiomyopathy have a known cause. The most frequent type of presentation is hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Cardiac decompensation occurred in 44% of children affected by cardiomyopathy and heart transplant was undertaken in 19% of them. Younger age at presentation are associated with poor outcomes.
Diagnostic problems of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother; Cardiac involvement is common in the newborn of diabetic mother and requires early diagnosis and monitoring of evolution. Objectives: To present the main aspects of the diagnosis of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Methods: Patients: 89 IDMs newborns investigated in the first week of life and 53 of them re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT), Doppler echocardiography (Echo) for congenital and/or acquired cardiac diseases. Fetal echo:in 38 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal Echo: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV)(11 cases), confirmed by postnatal Echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia (40%), systolic murmur (32), only 3 cases with signs of heart failure, the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy (14 cases) and disturbed ventricular repolarization (30 cases). Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12 cases). Echo: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (34 cases: 42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (6 cases), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52% of cases) and congenital cardiac anomalies: PDA (6 cases), VSD (3 cases), coarctation of aorta (1 case), ASD (4 cases). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (27 cases) revealed a normal morphological cardiac aspect (15 cases) or significant reduction of HCMP (11 cases), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high incidence for cardiac involvement: cardiac congenital malformations (16% of cases) or acquired cardiac pathology: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (42% of cases) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (54% of cases), which may be symptomatic or asymptomatic. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms, especially by Doppler echocardiography that is the most sensitive, noninvasive method for initial diagnostic as well as for follow up.
Imaging of acquired thoracic cardiovascular diseases; The line of separation between congenital and acquired cardiovascular disease is often quite blurred. When a condition is present at birth, it is usually considered congenital although some entities may be acquired prenatally associated with an adverse in utero environment. Examples include cardiovascular abnormalities associated with gestational diabetes and fetal alcohol syndrome. Additionally a number of genetically inherited conditions may have little or no apparent abnormality at birth but predispose the individual to develop cardiovascular disease later in life. Prominent examples include Marfan syndrome, Turner syndrome, glycogen storage disease, familial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, arrythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia and sickle cell disease. This presentation will be confined to discussing conditions that are truly acquired postnatally with no major genetic predisposition. Etiologies include infectious, autoimmune, traumatic, iatrogenic and neoplastic causes. Examples will be shown and imaging recommendations illustrated in each of the following categories. 1. Endocardial, Myocardial and Valvular Disease 2. Pericardial Disease 3. Coronary and Great Vessel Disease 4. Cardiac Masses.
The perceptions and understanding of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus of the causes, consequences and treatment of their condition: An urban study; Objective: There has been considerable debate on the determinants of patient treatment adherence. However, little is known about barriers to care for patients with gestational diabetes mellitus and the role that communication plays in mediating these barriers. This study investigated the beliefs of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus about the causes, consequences and treatment of the condition. Method: Qualitative methods were used. Sixteen mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus participated in the study. Purposive sampling was adopted. Three focus groups were conducted at the diabetes clinic at the Chris Hani Baragwanath Academic Hospital in Johannesburg. Data were analysed using thematic analysis. Results: Communication emerged as an important mediating factor within themes and varying perceptions were revealed by participants. The findings suggest that research has neglected many chronic conditions in South Africa. It also appears that gestational diabetes mellitus is an unfamiliar condition, associated with various stigma and found to affect entire social groups. The findings revealed inadequate communication in the medical setting. A link between mothers' perceptions and treatment adherence was noted. Conclusion: Gestational diabetes mellitus is a complex condition. Communication appears to play an important role in facilitating patients' understanding and acceptance of the condition, and seems to be a powerful opposing force against barriers to care. Implications of the study include future research into the effect of communication on patient care. Further insight into living with a chronic condition in South Africa should also be gained. Other important implications include the implementation of strategies to improve communication at gestational diabetes mellitus clinics, as well as more emphasis on patient communication in gestational diabetes mellitus policy documents.
Maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and fetal heart: Follow-up of 78 cases in a third level center; Introduction. Poorly controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) complicates 1.5% of pregnancies. Its effects on fetal heart are well known. Aim. Aim of our study was to describe the incidence of fetal heart hypertrophy and fetal congenital heart disease in a population of fetuses referred for fetal echocardiography in our third level center (AORN dei Colli - AO Monaldi, Second University of Naples) for poorly controlled GDM. Population. From January 1995 to April 2013 we practiced 8143 fetal heart scans, 78/8143 (1%) were referred for poorly controlled GDM. Mean gestational age at fetal echocardiography was 20.3±1.5 weeks. We excluded mothers affected by type I diabetes mellitus. We diagnosed 1219/8143 (16%) consecutive fetuses with CHD. 15/1219 (1%) were in fetuses whose mothers were affected by poorly controlled GDM. Results. GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker after the period of 28-34 weeks in 32/78 (41%) cases. Hypertrophy regressed during the first three months of life in 27/32 (84%) neonates. 5/32 (16%) children are still affected by hypertrophic cardiomyopathy at a mean age of 7±2 years. Moreover, we observed 15/78 (19%) CHD (median gestational age: 21 weeks). 7/15 (46%) atrial septal defects; 5/15 (33%) ventricular septal defects; 1/15 (7%) transposition of the great arteries; 1/15 (7%) aortic valve stenosis and 1/15 (7%) pulmonary atresia with VSD. Among the 78 fetuses, we did not observe fetal deaths, so 100% were alive at birth. Deliveries occurred at a mean gestational age of 38.6 weeks. Survival was 99% (77/78): 1/78 (1%) died at 14 days of life after switch operation for transposition of the great arteries. Conclusions. Poorly controlled gestational diabetes mellitus is a relatively rare but potentially serious condition. In our population, 47/78 (60%) of mothers delivered heart-affected babies: 15 (32%) CHD and 32 (68%) affected by ventricular hypertrophy.
Lights and shadows about hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infancy: A retrospective analysis of clinical-morphological features and diagnostic pathways from a single center experience; Introduction. The recent European Society of Cardiology classification of cardiomyopathies divides hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) into familial/genetic and non-familial/non-genetic forms. HCM in infancy recognizes a large number of aetiologies markedly heterogeneous. At the first evaluation infants with HCM usually present a heart murmur or symptoms of congestive heart failure such as dyspnea, poor feeding, excessive sweating and growth arrest. Natural history is still poorly known justifying the difficulties encountered in risk stratification. Objectives. The aim of the study was the clinical and morphological characterization of a population of infants with HCM. Genotypephenotype correlations, natural history and prognosis of each specific aetiology were carefully analyzed as well as diagnostic pathways and distinctive features (red flags). Materials and methods. 35 patients with HCM presenting in infancy followed at the Center for Pediatric Cardiology and Cardiac Surgery of S. Orsola-Malpighi Hospital in Bologna between 1975 and in 2010. For each patient, a 12-lead ECG, M-mode and B-mode echocardiography, and blood and urine tests were systematically performed. Diagnosis of HCM was based on the finding of regional or global left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) based on strict criteria (wall thickness 2 > SD above the normal population mean for body surface area) in the absence of a defined hemodynamic cause such as hypertension, congenital heart disease, or exposure to drugs known to cause cardiac hypertrophy. Results. Among 35 patients (14 females) 60% (n=21) had idiopathic HCM (5 patients with genetic documentation of sarcomeric mutations), 11.4% (n=4) mitochondrial diseases, 8.5% (n=3) Noonan syndrome, 8.5% (n=3) Pompe disease, 8.5% (n=3) LVH due to maternal gestational diabetes, 1 patient (2.8%) had LVH due to twin-twin transfusion syndrome. It was conducted a careful research of specific red flags through anamnesis and family history collection, physical examination, ECG, and cardiac imaging which found a lot of correlations: for example facial dysmorphism in association with extreme right axis deviation on ECG and earlier development of heart failure were strongly suggestive for Noonan syndrome while the set of multiorgan involvement, biventricular hypertrophy, short PR interval and high voltage QRS complexes oriented toward a metabolic-mitochondrial disorder. The latter condition was invariably associated with a poor prognosis while LVH due to maternal diabetes or twin-twin transfusion syndrome showed a recovery within the first year of life and no associated mortality. Conclusion. HCM in the first year of life recognizes a particularly high number of underlying aetiologies. In this difficult scenario there is the need to have a cultural heritage which goes beyond single physician's specialties and to adopt a cardiomyopathy specific mindset in order to notice diagnostic clues (cardiac and extracardiac) and to guide rational selection of diagnostic tests, including molecular genetic analysis.
Pregnancy and intracerebral haemorrhage. A description of 5 cases; INTRODUCTION Our study aimed to review all patients admitted for intracerebral haemorrhage (ICH) related to pregnancy, and to study their aetiology and clinical outcome. METHODS Retrospective study of patients admitted between 2004 and 2011 to the Stroke Unit of our hospital with the diagnosis of ICH during pregnancy or the postpartum period (PP). Data relating to vascular risk factors, clinical, neuroimaging, and laboratory analysis variables, and clinical evolution were gathered. RESULTS Five patients were indentified with a mean age of 34.4 years. No personal antecedents were detected, nor cardiovascular or toxic risk factors other than one case of gestational diabetes. Three patients presented ICH during gestation, one during delivery and another in the inmediate PP. The mean haematoma volume was 24 cc and the most frequent localisation was deep (4/5). One patient required surgical evacuation of the haematoma. Mean basal NIHSS was 12, and 7 at hospital release. At 3 months, 60% presented mRS<2. During the follow-up period (1-7 years), no recurrences of haematoma were detected. The aetiological diagnosis after a completed study was: 1 posterior reversible encephalopathy (PRES) due to eclampsia, 1 hypertensive following the administration of ephedrine, 1 idiopathic, 1 postpartum cerebral angiopathy (PCA), and 1 associated to a partial deficiency of the enzyme a-galactosidase A. CONCLUSIONS ICH in pregnancy and the PP is an infrequent condition with several aetiologies, such as PCA, eclampsia and PRES. The most widespread hypothesis is that these entities could share a common denominator that is an endothelial dysfunction due to placental protein release with associated intimal hyperplasia and fibrinoid necrosis that can develop vasoespasm or microaneurysms. For this reason, patients with ICH during delivery or the PP need an extensive eaetiological study that would include a transcranial duplex to role out the presence of vasoespasm even though angiography is normal.
Consideration of requiring to resuscitation of baby were born to mothers with high risk pregnancies (at pregnant women admitted to Imam Reza Hospital Delivery Center; Introduction: Newborns can have apnea, thus, oxygen uptake and excretion of CO2 is limited. There are numerous reasons for resuscitation of infants at birth such as pre-term infants and high risk pregnancies. Successful resuscitation in newborns can lead to spontaneous breathing and prevent the progressive hypoxia. Materials and Methods: All pregnant admitted to Imam Reza Hospital at 3 months since April 2012 were studied and statistical analysis was performed with SPSS system. Results: Total number of cases were 680 women. The number of patients with high-risk pregnancies (high blood pressure, diabetes, heart disease) was 197. The number of preeclampsia was 115. The number of diabetes was 52. The number of heart disease was 14 patients and with blood disease were 16. 5.2% of infants born to mothers with preeclampsia were DC. 5.7% of infants born to diabetic mothers were DC. 6.6% of infants born to mothers with heart and blood disease were DC. 46% of babies were born to mothers with preeclampsia need resuscitation. 50% of infants born to diabetic mothers need resuscitation. 36% of infants born to mothers with heart disease need to resuscitation. 44% of infants born to mothers who had blood disease need resuscitation. Conclusion: Statistics indicate, with increasing the number of high risk pregnancies increase the probability of need to emergency resuscitation code for new born. So, to save the lives of newborns, it is need for trained personnel of delivery rooms.
Effect of weight loss on insulin resistance and sex hormone levels in women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Introduction: The prevalence of Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)is about 4-8% so this syndrome is considered to be the most common endocrine disorder in women of reproductive age. PCOS with Impaired Glucose Tolerance (IGT), obesity, type II diabetes increases risk factors for cardiovascular disease, hypertension, elevated inflammatory factors, infertility, pregnancy, diabetes, breast and endometrial cancer is associated. This study examined the effect of weight loss on insulin resistance and serum sex hormones in women with ovarian syndrome. Materials and Methods: Several studies of nutritional interventions have been conducted in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. The effect of low-calorie but high protein diet carbohydrate with low glycemic load, physical exercise, weight loss drug on sex hormones, Insulin Resistance (IR) in overweight or obese women with PCOS were studied. Results: Results show that even with a weight loss of 5- 7% of initial body weight, all index of IR was significantly improved. Dietary intervention with physical exercise and weight loss drugs leads to increased levels of Sex Hormone Binding Protein (SHBG), Luteinizing Hormone (LH) and Anti- Mullerian (AMH) and decreased Free Androgen Index (FAI) and Testosteron. Conclusion: In women with PCOS diet weightreducing effects of sex hormones , anthropometric measures and insulin sensitivity. Further studies about the long term effects of these factors on fertility are recommended.
Need for new hypoglycemic agents: An overview; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder resulting from a defect in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both. Insulin deficiency in turn leads to chronic hyperglycemia with disturbances of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. It is the most common endocrine disorder and by the year 2010, it is estimated that more than 200 million people worldwide will have DM and 300 million will subsequently have the disease by 2025. As the disease progresses tissue or vascular damage ensues leading to severe diabetic complications such as retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy, cardiovascular complications and ulceration. Thus, diabetes covers a wide range of heterogeneous diseases. Diabetes mellitus may be categorized into several types but the two major types are type 1 and type 2. Drugs are used primarily to save life and alleviate symptoms. Secondary aims are to prevent long-term diabetic complications and, by eliminating various risk factors, to increase longevity. Insulin replacement therapy is the mainstay for patients with type 1 DM while diet and lifestyle modifications are considered the cornerstone for the treatment and management of type 2 DM. Insulin is also important in type 2 DM when blood glucose levels cannot be controlled by diet, weight loss, exercise and oral medications. Oral hypoglycemic agents are also useful in the treatment of type 2 DM. Oral hypoglycemic agents include sulphonylureas, biguanides, meglitinide, DPP-IV inhibitors, α- glucosidase inhibitors, thiazolidenediones, bile acid sequestrant, D2 dopamine receptor agonist, GLP-1 receptor agonist, amylin analogues. The main objective of these drugs is to correct the underlying metabolic disorder, such as insulin resistance and inadequate insulin secretion. They should be prescribed in combination with an appropriate diet and lifestyle changes. Diet and lifestyle strategies are to reduce weight, improve glycemic control and reduce the risk of cardiovascular complications, which account for 70% to 80% of deaths among those with diabetes. Diabetes is best controlled either by diet alone and exercise (non-pharmacological), or diet with herbal or oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin (pharmacological). The main side effects are weight gain and hypoglycemia with sulphonylureas, gastrointestinal (GI) disturbances with metformin, weight gain, GI disturbances and liver injury with thiazolidinediones, GI disturbances, weight gain and hypersensitivity reactions with meglitinides and flatulence, diarrhoea and abdominal bloating with alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. In this article, different types of diabetes, current treatment and their adverse effects which lead to development of new hypoglycemic agents have been studied.
Circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired in normotensive pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Data about circadian blood pressure (BP) in normotensive patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are lacking. Thus, we sought to compare dipper and nondipper circadian variation of BP profile between normotensive women complicated with GDM and normal pregnant women. Forty-two women with GDM and 33 normal uncomplicated pregnant women who met the entry criteria for the study were enrolled in the study. Twenty-four-hour noninvasive ambulatory blood pressure monitoring and echocardiography to measure the left ventricle mass index and diastolic parameters were performed. Nocturnal blood pressure dipping was calculated as follows: (awake BP-sleep BP) × 100/awake BP. Patients with a nocturnal reduction in average daytime systolic BP and diastolic BP of less than 10% were classified as nondippers. Left ventricle mass index was higher in normotensive pregnant women with GDM group than in normal pregnant subjects (101.98 ± 24 g/m2 vs. 90.67 ± 15 g/m 2, P < .018). Significant nocturnal systolic and diastolic nondippings were observed in GDM groups compared with normal subjects. From diastolic variables, the mitral E velocity and isovolumetric relaxation time were compatible with diastolic dysfunction relaxation abnormalities (P = .003 and P = .015, respectively) in nondipper group. From all confounding factors, only E velocity (P = .002) and diagnosis of GDM (P < .001) were predictive of nondipper circadian variation. This study shows that (i) circadian BP is impaired in normotensive pregnant subjects with GDM, (ii) the left ventricle mass index is higher in pregnant subjects with GDM than in normal pregnant subjects who despite a 24-hour BP are within normal limits, and (iii) in nocturnal nondipper group, the tendency to having diastolic relaxation abnormalities is noted. © 2013 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Metformin: An old but still the best treatment for type 2 diabetes; The management of T2DM requires aggressive treatment to achieve glycemic and cardiovascular risk factor goals. In this setting, metformin, an old and widely accepted first line agent, stands out not only for its antihyperglycemic properties but also for its effects beyond glycemic control such as improvements in endothelial dysfunction, hemostasis and oxidative stress, insulin resistance, lipid profiles, and fat redistribution. These properties may have contributed to the decrease of adverse cardiovascular outcomes otherwise not attributable to metformin's mere antihyperglycemic effects. Several other classes of oral antidiabetic agents have been recently launched, introducing the need to evaluate the role of metformin as initial therapy and in combination with these newer drugs. There is increasing evidence from in vivo and in vitro studies supporting its anti-proliferative role in cancer and possibly a neuroprotective effect. Metformin's negligible risk of hypoglycemia in monotherapy and few drug interactions of clinical relevance give this drug a high safety profile. The tolerability of metformin may be improved by using an appropiate dose titration, starting with low doses, so that side-effects can be minimized or by switching to an extended release form. We reviewed the role of metformin in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes and describe the additional benefits beyond its glycemic effect. We also discuss its potential role for a variety of insulin resistant and pre-diabetic states, obesity, metabolic abnormalities associated with HIV disease, gestational diabetes, cancer, and neuroprotection. © 2013 Rojas and Gomes.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Ethnic variation in the activity of lipid desaturases and their relationships with cardiovascular risk factors in control women and an at-risk group with previous gestational diabetes mellitus: A cross-sectional study; Background: Lipid desaturase enzymes mediate the metabolism of fatty acids to long chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and their activities are related to metabolic risk factors for Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and coronary heart disease (CHD). There are marked ethnic differences in risks of CHD and T2DM but little is known about ethnic differences in desaturase activities. Methods. Samples from a study of CVD risk in women with previous gestational diabetes were analysed for percentage fatty acids in plasma free fatty acid, triglyceride, cholesterol ester and phospholipid pools for 89 white European, 53 African Caribbean and 56 Asian Indian women. The fatty acid desaturase activities, stearoyl-CoA desaturase (SCD, calculated separately for C16 and C18 fatty acids), delta 6 desaturase (D6D) and delta 5 desaturase (D5D) were estimated from precursor-to-product ratios and their relationships with adiposity, blood pressure, cholesterol, triglycerides, HDL cholesterol and insulin sensitivity explored. Ethnic differences in desaturase activities independent of ethnic variation in risk factor correlates of desaturase activities were then identified. Results: There was significant ethnic variation in age, BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, serum triglycerides and HDL cholesterol concentrations and insulin resistance. Desaturase activities showed significant correlations, independent of ethnicity, with BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol. Independent of ethnic variation in BMI, waist circumference, triglycerides and HDL cholesterol, SCD-16 activity, calculated from each of the four lipid pools measured, was 18-35 percent higher in white Europeans than in African Caribbeans or Asian Indians (all p < 0.001). Similar, though less consistent differences were apparent for SCD-18 activity. Also independently of risk factor variation, but specifically when calculated from the cholesterol ester and phospholipid, pools, D6D activity was significantly lower in Asian Indians, and D5D activity higher in African Caribbeans. Conclusions: Significant ethnic differences exist in desaturase activities, independently of ethnic variation in other risk factors. These characteristics did not accord with higher risk of T2DM among African Caribbeans and Asian Indians nor with lower risk of CHD among African Caribbeans but did accord with the higher risk of CHD in Asian Indians. © 2013 Gray et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Safety of telbivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B for the entire pregnancy; Orally administered nucleus(t)ide analogues (NA) have brought about a simple, safe and effective therapeutic approach for chronic hepatitis B (CHB). However, treatment duration is long and some female patients become pregnant during treatment. In recent years, there have been gradually increasing reports on the safety of telbivudine (LdT) treatment for chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in the third trimester of pregnancy to block mother-to-infant transmission (MTIT) of HBV; however, the safety of LdT treatment for chronic HBV infection for the entire pregnancy has not been reported. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the safety of LdT treatment for chronic HBV infection for the entire pregnancy and provide a reference for HBV-infected fertile women on how to block MTIT of HBV. Eighty-six pregnant women who received LdT treatment either before or in early pregnancy were enrolled in the study. Adverse events were prospectively observed for the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and short-term and long-term follow-up of infants was conducted, monitoring the abnormalities of infants and blocking rate of MTIT with LdT treatment. Eighty-six pregnant women treated with LdT had a total of 89 pregnancies: 6 (6.7%) had early embryonic death or spontaneous abortion, 1 (1.1%) had ectopic pregnancy and three had a second pregnancy after initial abortion. Fifty-one mothers completed pregnancy: one had induction of labour at 24 weeks of pregnancy for cleft lip and palate of the foetus and 50 delivered 52 full-term live infants. One infant had right ear accessories, and the total occurrence of congenital abnormality was 3.8%. Thirty-nine infants were followed up for more than 6 months and completed all examinations for MTIT. None of the infants were HBsAg positive, resulting in a 100% success rate of blocking MTIT. All mothers maintained good liver function during the third trimester of pregnancy; 86% maintained complete virological response (HBV DNA <500 copies/mL) prior to delivery, and none developed progression of liver disease. Factors leading to increased adverse effects and drug resistance were not found. LdT treatment is safe and effective in chronic HBV-infected pregnant mothers for the entire pregnancy. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Role of fetal echocardiography in the evaluation of structure and function of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies; Objective: To detect the structural and functional changes of fetal hearts in diabetic pregnancies by using Doppler echocardiography. Methods: This prospective study included 119 pregnant women divided into three groups. Group 1 included 47 pregnant patients with pre-existing diabetes mellitus (DM), group 2 included 40 patients with gestational diabetes and group 3 included 32 non-diabetic pregnant women. M-mode echocardiography was used to measure the thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum. The mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular shortening fraction were measured. Results: HbA1c % was significantly lower in gestational diabetes group compared with the pre-existing diabetes group. The interventricular septum was significantly thicker in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with other groups. Tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios were significantly lower in the pre-existing diabetes group compared with gestational diabetes and control groups. Moreover, there were no significant differences in the tricuspid and mitral E/A ratios between gestational diabetes group and the control group. The right and left ventricular shortening fractions were similar in the three groups. Conclusion: Fetuses of women with well-controlled gestational diabetes lack the diastolic dysfunction that is present in fetuses of women with pre-existing diabetes © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Brief update on the burden of diabetes in South Carolina; Diabetes is a serious disease, which is often accompanied by complications, such as blindness, kidney failure, heart attacks, strokes and amputations. High blood pressure and abnormal cholesterol levels are frequent comorbidities. Diabetes has an immense impact on public health and medical care. In South Carolina (SC), medical costs rise with increased duration of the disease, and lifespan is shortened by 5 to 10 years in most patients. To describe the burden of diabetes in SC, we examined the public health surveillance systems available to estimate the prevalence, mortality and hospitalization rates and some disability statistics and hospital charges. Diabetes is the 7th leading cause of death in SC, directly or indirectly claiming more than 3,000 lives annually, and the 5 leading cause of death in blacks, claiming about 1,200 black lives each year. Minorities, predominantly blacks, experienced a substantially higher death rate and more years of potential life lost than whites. The racial disparity in mortality has widened over the past 10 years. People with diabetes are at increased risk for blindness, lower extremity amputation, kidney failure, nerve disease, hypertension, ischemic heart disease and stroke. Approximately 450,000 South Carolinians are affected by diabetes, many of whom were still undiagnosed in 2010. One of every 5 patients in a SC hospital has diabetes, and 1 in every 10 visits to a SC emergency room is diabetes related. The total charges for diabetes and diabetes-related hospitalizations and emergency room visits were more than $4.2 billion in 2010. Copyright © 2013 Lippincott Williams and Wilkins.
Definitive antenatal diagnosis of tuberous sclerosis in fetus -A case report; Tuberous sclerosis (TSC) is a rare genetic disease that causes benign tumors to grow in the brain and on other vital organs. It commonly affects the central nervous system (CNS). In addition to the benign tumors that frequently occur in TSC, other common symptoms include seizures, mental retardation, behavioral problems and skin abnormalities. TSC may present at birth, but signs can be subtle and full symptoms may take some time to develop. Definitive antenatal diagnosis is very rare.
Prenatal diagnosis of isolated levocardia and a structurally normal heart: Two case reports and a review of the literature; Isolated levocardia (ILC) is a developmental abnormality involving an abnormal abdominal situs with a normal cardiac situs. This abnormality is especially rare when it is associated with a normal cardiac anatomy. The prenatal diagnoses of seven cases were reported in the English literature. This report presents two cases referred to the authors' echocardiography laboratory for maternal diabetes mellitus in case 1 and suspected dextrocardia in case 2. In both cases, ILC with a structurally normal heart was diagnosed prenatally. The child in the first case was found to have a normal inferior vena cava (IVC) prenatally. Postnatally, he was found to have intestinal malrotation with duodenal obstruction and multiple splenules. Interruption of the IVC was shown by abdominal ultrasound. The child in the second case was found to have an interrupted IVC with azygos continuation prenatally. Postnatally, intestinal malrotation with no evidence of intestinal obstruction or asplenia was detected. Neither of the cases had reported cardiac arrhythmias. Early diagnosis is crucial in these cases due to the high incidence of associated anomalies and potential life-threatening conditions. Management of patients with ILC is dictated by the associated anomalies. Long-term follow-up assessment is recommended for these patients to monitor the development of rhythm abnormalities. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Disorders in glucidic metabolism and congenital heart diseases: Detection and prevention; The identification of gestational diabetes (GDM) through appropriate screening and its subsequent treatment have not been demonstrated to limit neonatal malformations to date. This study aimed to detect congenital heart diseases in newborns of mothers with GDM by evaluating the existence of a correlation with maternal glycemic control. This observational prospective study investigated newborns of mothers with GDM enrolled during a period of 9 months. Four subgroups were considered according to the type of maternal glucidic alteration during pregnancy and the home treatment: impaired glucose tolerance, insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (IDDM), non-insulin-dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), and gestational diabetes not controlled (NC: untreated diabetes). Student's t test was used to compare the subgroups. The study enrolled 65 newborns (30 boys) born to 82 of mothers with impaired glucidic metabolism. Patent ductus arteriosus was observed in 11 patients (16.9 %), pulmonary stenosis of mild grade in 4 patients (6.2 %), and hypertrophy of the ventricular septum in 22 patients (33.8 %). A total of 14 patients had increased thickness in the left ventricle posterior wall, and 17 patients had an abnormal electrocardiogram. Hyperglycemia can influence the development of the fetal heart, affecting both its structure and its function. A treatment with insulin for women with GDM is supported by the study data. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Neurodevelopmental outcome at 24-months in children following a randomized trial of metformin versus insulin treatment for gestational diabetes (mig trial); Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is common but there is limited information available on neurodevelopmental outcomes in the offspring. Accordingly, it is important to examine trial data for any effect of maternal treatments on neurodevelopmental outcomes. Method: The Metformin in Pregnancy (MIG) trial compared perinatal outcomes for a large cohort of Australian and New Zealand mothers and their offspring. The neurodevelopment of New Zealand children was assessed at 24 months of age. Examiners, blind to maternal treatment group, administered the Bayley Scales of Infant Development-II and a pediatrician blind to group status administered a standard neurological examination. Results: Of the 95 children followed-up, 45 (47%) were born to mothers treated with insulin and 50 (53%) to mothers treated with metformin. Gender spread was similar in both groups. Examination revealed no significant relationship between neurological deficits and prenatal exposure to either metformin or insulin. There were also no significant differences in either mean mental developmental index (MDI) or mean psychomotor developmental index (PDI) between the two treatment groups. The mean (SD) MDI was 86.67 (15.02) versus 84.00 (16.07) for the insulin and metformin groups respectively. Similarly the mean (SD) PDI was 81.75 (12.72) versus 79.96 (14.15) for the insulin and metformin groups respectively. Conclusions: This study examining follow-up data from a randomized trial of insulin or metformin treatment for GDM demonstrated no signifi- cant differences in early neurodevelopment of the offspring. However, the scores were lower than for the general population and ongoing research is underway to determine status at school age.
Cholesterol abnormalities are common in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a common medical condition that is associated with substantial increase in risk of maternal and perinatal complications. Perinatal complications include macrosomia, birth injuries and long-term adverse effects of health such as impaired glucose tolerance, obesity and impaired intellect. The primary objective was to investigate the prevalence of persisting diabetes and high cholesterol in postpartum women with prior Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM). Method: All women with a diagnosis of GDM who delivered from April 2010 to 30 June 2012, at Joondalup Health Campus were included in the study. On the postnatal ward women were given an appointment to attend a diabetes follow up clinic at 6-12 weeks postpartum. They were provided with a pathology request for a glucose tolerance test, fasting cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-C and HDL and cardiac risk ratio. Data were extracted from files and were analysed using descriptive statistics. Results: Of 4970 women delivering, 168 (3.4%) were diagnosed with GDM, of whom 136 attended for postpartum review (85%) at 6-12 weeks. Persisting glucose intolerance and type 2 diabetes were diagnosed in 16% and 6% of the patients. High cholesterol was identified in 54% and 50% had high LDL-C levels. Additionally, 13% of GDM women had high triglyceride levels. Conclusions: Women with GDM have high rates of persisting glucose abnormalities at 6-12 weeks postpartum and half have abnormalities in cholesterol levels. Overall, these findings suggest that women with previous GDM are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease and early postnatal intervention should be offered.
Gestational diabetes/PCOS; Gestational diabetes (GDM) and Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are common endocrine disorders which affect women of reproductive age. Both diseases are characterised by insulin resistance and associated with pregnancy-related problems as well as cardiovascular risk factors and long term complications like type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. These women are often overweight or feature a metabolic syndrome. GDM is defined as any degree of glucose intolerance with onset during pregnancy and is associated with increased feto-maternal morbidity as well as long-term complications in mothers and offspring. In case of a pathological OGTT a strict metabolic control and fetal monitoring is mandatory to minimize perinatal morbidity. After delivery all women with GDM have to be reevaluated as to their glucose tolerance and every 2 years in case of normal glucose tolerance. All women with prior GDM should be instructed about their 7fold higher relative risk of type 2 diabetes at follow-up. PCOS affects about 5-10%of women of reproductive age and is one of the leading causes of female subfertility. PCOS is characterised by hyperandrogenic state, irregular menses, anovulation and hirsutism. Metformin therapy can improve pregnancy rates and early pregnancy loss. PCOSwomen are at increased risk ofGDMif they become pregnant. Women with GDM and/or PCOS should be instructed about possibilities for diabetes prevention, in particular weight management and increase of physical activity. Healthy lifestyle is recommended for these young women and their children to prevent obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular disease in this specific population at increased risk.
Primetime (prevent risk in mothers early through interventions managed electronically): A pregnancy and postpartum lifestyle intervention in obese women-protocol paper; Maternal overweight and obesity occurs in approximately one third of all pregnancies. Overweight and obese pregnant women and those who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are an important target group for diet and physical activity interventions due to their increased risk of post-natal weight gain, type 2 diabetes and related health problems. Postpartum weight gain and/or retention, particularly in the first 12 months are commonly due to lack of nutrition knowledge, poor dietary habits and physical inactivity. Mothers are also integral to the shaping of attitudes and eating and activity behaviours of their children. The proposed study will evaluate whether an individualized weight management program with nutrition and physical activity advice and support enhances weight loss compared with standard care in overweight and obese women and women with a history of GDM. It is hypothesized that, compared with individuals given standard diet and physical activity advice, overweight and obese women, and women with a history of GDM prescribed exercise energy expenditure targets and using heart rate (HR) and dietary intake monitoring with electronic reminders, are better able to achieve a target weight loss (5% reduction from prepregnancy weight for overweight or obese pregravid (≥26.5 kg/m2), for overweight women (25.1-26.5 kg/m2) to achieve a weight loss that places them in the healthy-weight range, and for women who were in the healthy-weight range pregravid to return to their prepregnancy weight) through changes in eating and activity behaviours.
C-reactive protein is elevated in atypical but not nonatypical depression: National health and nutrition examination survey (NHANES) 1999-2004; Although it is well established that depression is associated with augmented systemic inflammation, it is not known whether particular depression subtypes are more strongly related to inflammatory markers than others or whether the link between depression and inflammation is independent of anxiety. Our objective was to examine differences in Creactive protein (CRP) - an inflammatory marker predictive of incident cardiovascular disease - among individuals with atypical major depressive disorder (MDD; n = 16), nontypical MDD (n = 93), and no MDD (n = 1,682) both before and after adjustment for comorbid anxiety disorders. To achieve this objective, we analyzed crosssectional data from a sample of younger adults (age range: 20-39 years, 53% female, 53% non-white) representative of the U.S. population who participated in NHANES between 1999-2004. We excluded adults with medical conditions associated with inflammation or CRP levels ≥ 10 mg/L. Depressive and anxiety disorders were assessed by the WHO Composite International Diagnostic Interview 2.1, and depressed persons with both hypersomnia and hyperphagia were coded as having atypical MDD. Serum CRP was quantified by latex-enhanced nephelometry. Regression analyses adjusted for demographics and the NHANES sample design revealed that the serum CRP of adults with atypical MDD was 68% higher (mean difference = 1.63 mg/L; B=1.75, SEB=0.59, p=.01) and 49% higher (mean difference = 1.31 mg/L; B=1.69, SEB=0.76, p=.03) than that of adults with no MDD or nonatypical MDD, respectively. CRP levels of adults with nonatypical MDD or no MDD did not differ (p=.85). Nearly twice as many adults with atypical MDD (56%) had serum CRP in the high cardiovascular risk range than did those with no MDD or nonatypical MDD (both 30%). These group differences remained after adjustment for potential cofounders (pregnancy, diabetes, acute illnesses, and antidepressant use), were independent of anxiety disorders, and were not explained by body mass or smoking (two candidate mediators). Our findings suggest that individuals with atypical depression may be driving the overall depression-inflammation relationship and may be a subgroup at particularly elevated cardiovascular risk.
Pregnancy outcome and management of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy: A case report and literature review; We report an interesting case of a diabetic pregnancy with fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The diagnosis was made following an emergency caesarean delivery at 37 weeks for fetal distress and was associated with severe metabolic acidosis and poor apgar scores. The baby was transferred to a tertiary unit at Liverpool Women's Hospital and required ventilation support as the hypertrophy and severity dramatically increased. The patient's anomaly scan was normal and a fetal echocardiography did not show any signs of congenital, valvular, or structural abnormality. Neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy usually has a poor prognosis that is not secondary to a cardiac malformation with the exception of transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in neonates of diabetic mothers [1]. Myocardial ischaemia can develop following acute fetal distress and the common neonatal manifestaitions of this include cardiac failure, tricuspid or mitral insufficiency [2,3]. There is an increased risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy among newborns of diabetic mothers [4]. Around 1 in 5000 people are affected in the UK, but the majority are in their teenage years or early adulthood [5]. As a result, there is little literature regarding this condition and we aim to establish suitable antenatal care and heighten awareness with particular attention to the surveillance of neonates after acute fetal distress. We also recommend a multidisciplinary team approach with the maternal and fetal medicine departments.
Postpartum dyslipidaemia in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background Outside of pregnancy diabetes mellitus is an accepted risk factors for cardiovascular disease which should prompt screening for dyslipidaemia in adults. Objective This prospective study examined the prevalence of dyslipidaemia in postpartum women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods Women with GDM were reviewed 6-8 weeks postpartum. A fasting lipid profile was performed. Clinical details were recorded from the medical records, including the woman's weight and body mass index (BMI) measured at her first antenatal visit. Results Of the 98 women studied, the mean age was 33.0 years (range 23-45 years) and 30.6% (n = 31) were primigravid. The mean BMI was 30.6 kg/m2 and 52% (n = 51) were obese. The overall prevalence of dyslipidaemia was 52% (n = 51). Total cholesterol was raised in 44% (n = 43), low-density lipoprotein was raised in 33% (n = 32) and triglycerides were raised in 16% (n = 16). Of the 51 women with dyslipidaemia, 73% (n = 37) had more than one abnormality in their lipid profile. The prevalence of dyslipidaemia was 78% (n = 14) in women with moderate to severe obesity (BMI > 34.5 kg/m2) compared with 50% (n = 22) in non-obese women (p < 0.0001). Of the 5 women with an abnormal GTT postpartum, 80% (n = 4) had an abnormal lipid profile. Conclusion Women with an abnormal GTT in pregnancy should be screened for dyslipidaemia postpartum at the time of their repeat GTT, and if the lipids are abnormal they should be offered cardioprotective interventions and ongoing monitoring of their lipid profile.
Hydrogenated fat diet intake during pregnancy and lactation caused a proinflammatory effect on retroperitoneal adipose tissue and soleum muscle on lactating rats; Background: The chronic ingestion of hydrogenated vegetable fat rich in TFA and saturated fatty acids modifies the serum lipid profile, increases the risk of cardiovascular diseases, and reduces insulin sensitivity, leading to type 2 diabetes. Gestation is a critical period for development of insulin resistance and gestational diabetes. It has been reported that high maternal serum TNF-α levels were associated with insulin resistance. Objectives: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of the enriched diet with hydrogenated vegetable fat (7%) during pregnancy and lactation on the tissues cytokines content of lactating rats. Methods: Pregnant and lactating Wistar rats were fed with either a control diet (C group) or one enriched with hydrogenated vegetable fat (T group). The IL-6, IL-10 and TNF-α content of the retroperitoneal white adipose tissue, liver, soleus and extensor digital longus muscles were analyzed by ELISA. The results are presented as the means ± standard error of the mean. Statistical significance was assessed using Student 't' test and considered significant at p < 0.05. Results: In the retroperitoneal adipose tissue, the IL-6 content was increased in T group relative to the C, and the TNF-α content was higher in soleum muscle in T group than in the C group. Similar cytokines content was observed in the liver and extensor digital longus muscles between groups. Conclusions: Ingestion of hydrogenated vegetable fat by the mother during gestation and lactation alters the expression of proinflammatory adipokynes, involved to the development of insulin resistance, in the adipose tissue and soleum muscle of the dams. These results suggested that it is important to avoid ingestion of hydrogenated vegetable fat during pregnancy, since this is a critical period for development of gestational diabetes.
The origins of health and disease: The influence of maternal diseases and lifestyle during gestation; According to the Barker hypothesis, the period of pregnancy and the intrauterine environment are crucial to the tendency to develop diseases like hypertension, diabetes, coronary heart disease, metabolic disorders, pulmonary, renal and mental illnesses. The external environment affects the development of a particular phenotype suitable for an environment with characteristics that closely resemble intrauterine conditions. If the extra-uterine environment differs greatly from the intra-uterine one, the fetus is more prone to develop disease. Subsequent studies have shown that maternal diseases like depression and anxiety, epilepsy, asthma, anemia and metabolic disorders, like diabetes, are able to determine alterations in growth and fetal development. Similarly, the maternal lifestyle, particularly diet, exercise and smoking during pregnancy, have an important role in determining the risk to develop diseases that manifest themselves both during childhood and particularly in adulthood. Finally, there are abundant potential sources of pollutants, both indoor and outdoor, in the environment in which the child lives, which can contribute to an increased probability to the development of several diseases and that in some cases could be easily avoided. © 2013 Capra et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The incidence of pre-eclampsia remains higher in african-american women compared to caucasian women: Trends from the national hospital discharge survey 1979-2006; BACKGROUND: African-American women are at higher risk for pre-eclampsia compared to Caucasian women, but it remains unknown if there are any changes in the incidence of pre-eclampsia by race over time. We compared the national trends in the incidence of pre-eclampsia between African-American and Caucasian U.S. women from 1979-2006 and hypothesized that the trends between both racial groups would decrease and converge. METHODS: We analyzed the incidence of pre-eclampsia in African-American and Caucasian women from the National Hospital Discharge Survey from 1979-2006. We calculated age-adjusted incidence rates and estimated trends of the rate of pre-eclampsia. We estimated the race-specific incidence of pre-eclampsia adjusting for age, geographic region, diabetes, essential hypertension, prior myocardial infarction, heart failure, benign essential hypertension complicating a pregnancy, transient hypertension, and gestational diabetes. RESULTS: From 1979-2006, there were 4,644 African-American women and 12,131 Caucasian women for whom a delivery was associated with pre-eclampsia. There was an increasing trend in pre-eclampsia rates from 1979-2006 between African-Americans and Caucasians respectively at 0.76 and 0.29. However, there was an initial trend reduction from 1979-1988 in incidence of pre-eclampsia in African-Americans that was not seen in Caucasians, respectively -0.96 and 0.12. (Figure 1) Throughout the study, the rate ratio for pre-eclampsia remained higher for African-Americans versus Caucasians, minimum 0.98 (95% CI 0.96-1.0) to maximum 1.60 (95% CI 1.58-1.63). CONCLUSION: In the last decade, there was a disparate increase in the incidence of pre-eclampsia in African-American women compared to Caucasian women. This may be explained by the changing characterization of pre-eclampsia, out-of-hospital births, changing access to prenatal care, and the racial reporting system. Further study is needed to address this response and its effect on cardiovascular disease risks.
Intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with increased aortic stiffness in early and late infancy; Background: Infants of mothers with diabetes (IDM), the most common complication of pregnancy, have an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease (CVD) later in life. IDMs have been shown to have increased aortic intimal-medial thickness in the neonatal period which may contribute to or be a precursor of CVD. Experimental models also suggest the intrauterine diabetic environment structurally and functionally alter the aorta of affected offspring.We sought to determine if there is evidence of increased aortic stiffness, a feature of CVD in adults with diabetes, in IDM in infancy. Methods: Diabetic pregnancies were recruited prospectively to examine the role of diabetes in fetal cardiovascular programming. For this aspect of the study, their infants were evaluated at 3-6 weeks (early infancy) and at 6-12 months (late infancy) by echocardiography for assessment of aortic stiffness and the findings were compared to those of healthy infants from uncomplicated pregnancies. Pulse wave velocity (PWV) was calculated as {D/(T2-T1)}; where D was the distance of blood flow through the arch; T1 the time measured from QRS to onset of ascending and T2, the onset of descending aortic systolic flow. Results: Thirty three maternal-infant pairs were assessed including 13 IDMs and 20 controls.Five IDMs had assessments both in early and later infancy . No statistical difference was observed in age at exam, BSA and systolic blood pressure between IDMs and controls. Hemoglobin A1C (HbA1) of the diabetic mothers during pregnancy ranged from 5.7 to 9.6 (median 7.4±1.1). Aortic PWV were significantly higher among IDMs compared to control (mean 5.7±2.25 M/s vs 3.7 ± 1.2M/s respectively, p=0.008). Interestingly, data for the paired IDM group showed that PWV only increased in late DM (7.2 ±1.1) compared with early DM (5.8 ±1.8) (p=0.04) In addition, IDM PWV in this small cohort tended to correlate positively with maternal HbA1C (r=0.56, p=0.04). Conclusion: IDM have evidence of increased aortic stiffness in early infancy, which may increase later in infancy and may relate to maternal glycemic control.The pathogenic mechanisms responsible for increased aortic stiffness and its relevance to adult CVD requires further investigation.
Obstetricians/gynecologists and heart health: Untapped allies in the fight on cardiovascular disease; Background: For many women their Obstetrician/Gynecologist (OB/GYN) may be their sole access to preventative health care. We sought to quantify the proportion of women who view their OB/GYN as their primary care physician (PCP) within our diverse, urban region. We sought to determine what preventative heart health measures women receive at an OB/GYN visit. Methods: A 33-question survey was administered to women (age 18 and older) at 5 OB/GYN offices affiliated with a large urban academic hospital center. Results: 498 questionnaires were completed. When given the option of seeing only one doctor annually, 47.1% reported they would see an Internist (IM), 8.0% Family Medicine (FM) and 44.1% OB/GYN. In the 18-40 year old group, more chose OB/GYN (56.0%) than IM (35.0%)(p<0.001). Women over 41 more often chose IM (68.0%) than OB/GYN (27.0%) (p<0.001). White women preferred IM over OB/GYN (55.7% v. 38.6%) more often than Hispanic, Black and Asian women (41.4% vs 50%, 46.9% vs 44.9%, 35.7% vs 50% respectively). 39.4% reported medical morbidity (i.e. diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obesity) and 30.9% reported history of pregnancy related disease such as a hypertensive disorder of pregnancy or gestational diabetes. When asked if their OB/GYN discusses heart health, 66.8% responded “no”. When asked if they felt their OB/GYN takes care of all their health needs, 80.1% responded “no”. Lifestyle choices were not discussed by OB/GYNs with regards to weight (44.5%), smoking (40.4%), exercise (50.0%), diet (55.9%). Conclusions: Young, non-white women are more likely to see an OB/GYN for their health care annually. Yet OB/GYN visits are currently inadequately providing the necessary preventive measures for cardiovascular disease in women. Highlighted in this study is the high prevalence of pregnancy related disease, diseases which place women at a higher life time risk for heart disease as emphasized in the 2011 AHA guidelines for the prevention of cardiovascular disease in women. Ob/Gyns as the caretakers of women in their reproductive years have the opportunity to play a vital role in preventing chronic diseases in women.
Maternal nutrition and offspring's adulthood NCD's: A review; Overnutrition and undernutrition during pregnancy are closely related to pregnancy outcome as well as neonatal and perinatal outcomes. This and more, from various published data it seems that the effect of maternal nutrition during fetal life stretches far beyond the neonatal period, and influences health issues in adulthood, from cardiovascular and metabolic disorders through mental illnesses. The purpose of this review is to update about overnutrition and undernutrition during pregnancy and their effect on noncommunicable adulthood diseases, and about leading theories on the subject. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Vitamin D and gestational diabetes mellitus; The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is increasing worldwide. GDM can be responsible for an important proportion of adverse fetal and maternal outcomes during pregnancy, and it is associated with long-term health deterioration for both mother and child. Therefore, it is important to identify potentially modifiable risk factors for GDM. Accumulating evidence links vitamin D deficiency with abnormal glucose metabolism, and epidemiological studies have shown that women who develop GDM are more likely to be vitamin D deficient. This review discusses the prevalence, risk factors, and outcomes of GDM and vitamin D deficiency in pregnant women, outlines the possible mechanism of action of vitamin D in glucose homeostasis, and summarizes emerging evidence that associates vitamin D deficiency with the risk of developing GDM. This critical review of the literature indicates there is a need for intervention trials to test the possible beneficial effect of vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women with low vitamin D status to reduce the risk of developing GDM. © 2013 International Life Sciences Institute.
Fetal Thrombotic Vasculopathy. Perinatal Stroke, Growth Restriction, and Other Sequelae.; Clots in the fetal circulation of the placenta may occlude or narrow the lumens of fetal vessels sufficiently to diminish the placental oxygen and nutritional exchange, causing significant reduction in placental function. When extensive, growth restriction, neonatal encephalopathy, and stillbirth may occur. Propagation of clots in other organs, such as brain, kidney, and liver, may affect the function of these organs, resulting in infarcts and neonatal stroke. This article presents an account of the placental pathology and clinical sequelae of this condition, called fetal thrombotic vasculopathy. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Iron status, oxidative stress and gestational diabetes; The increased insulin resistance (IR) in the world is an issue of concern for public health due to the associated risks of type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, cancers and more recently increased risk of cognitive decline. During pregnancy, IR is a physiological phenomenon which, when not managed, can become pathological then called gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). The role of oxidative stress in the pathophysiology of GDM and diabetes is well documented. Studies have shown an increase in oxidative markers with the decreased antioxidant defenses. During the last decade, a controversy rose concerning excess iron due to its prooxidant role and associated diabetes risk. In fact, several observational studies have reported an increased risk of IR in case of high iron status; the relationship is also described in the increased risk of GDM. Iron supplementation based only on low ferritin value without anemia leads too often to preventive supplementation, which is not without GDM risk. Consequently the adaptation of iron dose based on ferritin level in early pregnancy should be reevaluated in terms of risk/benefit and iron supplementation should be offered in cases of documented anemia only. © 2013 - Elsevier Masson SAS - Tous droits réservés.
Prepregnancy Body Mass Index and Congenital Heart Defects among Offspring: A Population-based Study; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the association between fetal development of congenital heart defects (CHD) and maternal prepregnancy body mass index (BMI, kg/m2) in the largest population-based case-control study to date. Background: Mounting evidence implicates maternal obesity as a risk factor for birth defects. However, the association between maternal obesity and CHD in offspring has been less completely described. Methods: We conducted a study of CHD using linked birth-hospital discharge records for Washington State between 1992-2007. All infants with CHD (n = 14142) were identified based on ICD9-CM discharge diagnosis codes. 141420 controls, frequency matched on year of delivery, were selected at random from among infants without CHD. Maternal BMI was calculated from maternal prepregnancy data. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for the association of CHD relative to maternal BMI were calculated, adjusted for gestational diabetes. Results: Infants with CHD were more likely to have an obese mother (OR 1.22, 95% CI 1.15-1.30). The strength of association increased with increasing BMI (BMI 30-34.9: OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07-1.25; BMI 35-39.9: OR 1.25, 95% CI 1.13-1.39; BMI > = 40: OR 1.49, 95% CI 1.32-1.69). The association was greatest for left and right ventricular outflow tract defects (OR 1.27, 95% CI 1.02-1.59 and OR 1.43, 95% CI 1.20-1.69, respectively). Hypoplastic left heart syndrome was markedly associated (OR 1.86, 95% CI 1.13-3.05). There was no association with conotruncal defects (OR 1.04, 95% CI: 0.82-1.33). Conclusions: We confirmed the association between CHD and maternal obesity and observed increasing risk with increasing obesity. Outflow tract defects appear uniquely associated. A greater risk of CHD among offspring is an important outcome of maternal obesity, and suggests a need for targeted medical management strategies. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Pregnancy as a cardiovascular challenge test: Evaluation of hypertension and diabetes in pregnancy as predictors for cardiovascular disease among 15,175 women aged 49-70 years; Objective: A considerable proportion of women develop hypertension or diabetes during pregnancy. Although these conditions subside after delivery, many of these women are predisposed to future diabetes mellitus, hypertension and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Here, we set out to study the impact of a history of pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes on the risk of hypertension, diabetes and cardiovascular events later in life. Methods: Women were selected from the PROSPECT-EPIC study, a population based cohort study among 17,357 women aged 49-70 that were examined between 1993 and 1997. 15,175 women reported to have been pregnant, and were without known hypertension or diabetes before pregnancy, nor had an onset of hypertension or diabetes at inclusion. Medical history about pregnancy was obtained using a detailed questionnaire. At baseline, information was collected about CVD risk factors, hypertension, diabetes and prevalent CVD. Participants were followed up for the occurrence of new cardiovascular events and the development of hypertension and diabetes mellitus. Data were analysed by logistic regression with adjustment for age, smoking, BMI, CVD history, physical activity, age at menopause, social and lifestyle factors. Results: After adjustment for known confounders, a history of hypertensive pregnancy was associated with a 2.92-fold increase to develop chronic hypertension (P<0.001), a 1.25-fold increase in all CVD events (P<0.001) and a 1.29-fold increased risk for acute myocardial infarction and stroke (P<0.001). Similarly, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was associated with a substantial 4.70-fold adjusted risk of developing diabetes mellitus later in life (P<0.001). Conclusion: Pregnancy-induced hypertension and diabetes have a substantial impact on the overall risk for the development of cardiovascular events later in life. Pregnancy-related cardiovascular complications (e.g. diabetes and hypertension) may have a strong potential to improve CVD risk assessment algorithms needed to guide prevention and treatment recommendations for CVD in women.
Impaired lipid transport in gestational diabetes; Introduction: Gestational diabetes (GDM) complicates 5-6% of pregnancies, which places affected individuals at higher risk for pregnancy related complications, in addition to the risk for persistent metabolic and cardiovascular disorders later in life. In this study, we evaluated the correlation between apolipoproteins and plasma cholesterol levels in GDM subjects relative to age-matched control subjects over pregnancy. Study Design: Plasma was prospectively collected from 311 nulligravid women during 3 gestational age ranges (4-12, 16-22, and 26-28 weeks). Six GDM cases were identified (mean 1-hour blood glucose concentration = 158+/-8.2mg/dL). Mass spectrometry and enzyme-linked immunosorbant assays (ELISA) were used to measure the relative and absolute changes in apolipoprotein abundance. High density lipoprotein (HDL) and low density lipoprotein (LDL/VLDL) cholesterol levels were quantified by enzymatic assay. Mann Whitney U tests were used to determine statistical significance (p<0.05). Results: The rate of change of both apolipoproteins and VLDL/LDL cholesterol over gestational time was significantly lower in GDM patients relative to age-matched controls. In the control subjects, plasma concentrations of ApoAII measured by ELISA increased from 4-12 weeks to 26-28 weeks, while concentrations did not significantly increase in GDM subjects (p=0.04). Decreased rate of change of Apolipoprotein-AII and LDL/VLDL cholesterol in Gestational Diabetes Gestational Diabetes Control VLDL/LDL 111 +/- 12% 134 +/- 17% Apolipoprotein AII 100 +/- 8% 135 +/- 12% 24-28 weeks as a percent of trimester 1 Likewise, VLDL/LDL cholesterol levels increased in the controls but not in the GDM cohort (p=0.05). HDL cholesterol was not significantly different between cohorts. Mass spectrometry analysis indicated a lower relative abundance of ApoAII at 4-12 weeks and a lower abundance of ApoCIII at 16-22 weeks in the GDM cohort relative to age-matched controls (p=0.02-0.03). Conclusion: Both apolipoproteins and VLDL/LDL cholesterol showed (a) lower abundance and (b) a decreased rate of change over gestational time in the GDM cohort relative to controls. These results indicate that the normal hyperlipidemia of pregnancy is significantly lower in GDM cases than in control subjects, supporting support a role for impaired lipid transport and homeostasis in GDM.
Childhood obesity is associated with maternal nutrition and gestational weight gain; It has been established that pre-gravid body mass index (BMI) and gestational weight gain (GWG) are associated with adverse obstetric outcomes(1). Furthermore, maternal behaviours with regard to dietary intake have been shown to impact on the risk for obesity in offspring(2). Over-nutrition during pregnancy and the subsequent mismatching of offspring into an obesogenic environment predicate risk. The 'Barker Hypothesis' proposes the link between low for gestational age birth-weight and coronary heart disease (CHD) (3). Epidemiological and animal model studies also demonstrate that an adverse inter-uterine environment can effect predictive adaptive responses (PAR) in the fetus resulting in macrosomia and increased risk for obesity, type 2 diabetes mellitus and other non-communicable diseases in later life(4). The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between dietary intake in obese pregnant women relative to GWG and infant birth weight (BW). Participants were asked to complete three-day food diaries during each trimester of pregnancy. Data regarding food portion size was verified using a food atlas(5) and the diaries were then analysed using Microdiet. Data were collected for 140 women with a BMI ≥35 kg/m2 and a mean booking in weight of 110.2 kg (SD 15.7). Data shows a moderate mean GWG of<4 kg (SD 14.4), a mean BW of 3.6 kg (SD 0.67). The mean total energy intake is consistent with estimated average requirements for energy during pregnancy. However, a statistically significant negative correlation between energy intake at 36 weeks and BW (rho = - 0.249, p = 0.033 Spearman's) and a positive correlation between GW at 36 weeks and BW (rho = 0.322, p = 0.046 Spearman's) was demonstrated. Pregnancy is seen as a key window of opportunity to modify lifestyle behaviours and further research into effective and acceptable interventions, that reduces immediate obstetric risk and long term risk to offspring for obesity, CHD and other dietary related diseases, is needed. (Table Presented).
Different etiopathogenesis of macerated and nonmacerated stillbirth; Background: Stillbirth-related regressive placental changes can obscure the pre-existing placental pathology. This analysis intends to show, if despite that, any conclusions regarding the etiopathogenesis of stillbirth could be drawn based on placental pathology. Design: Twenty seven clinical and 47 placental variables were analyzed among 520 consecutive stillbirths (329 macerated [MS] and 191 nonmacerated [NMS]), autopsied by JS in years 1995-2012. The differences were assessed with the analysis of variance and the chi-square test with the Yates correction with the Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons, as well as with the hierarchical clustering analysis with the Ward dendrogram and the Jaccard similarity index. P values less than 0.05 were regarded as statistically significant. Results: There were no statistically significant differences in gestational age at delivery between the MS and NMS. Retroplacental hematoma, preterm premature rupture of membranes, and acute chorioamnionitis (fetal inflammatory reaction), were statistically significantly more common in NMS than in MS, 20.4% vs. 7%, 19.4% vs. 8.2% and 20.9% vs. 9.7%, while induction of labor was less common, 7.9% vs. 23.7%, respectively. Umbilical cord hypercoiling (18.8% vs. 2.1%) and other umbilical cord abnormalities (23.1% vs. 9.9%), maternal diabetes mellitus (7.9% vs. 0.5%), fetal growth restriction (20.1% vs. 3.1%), clusters of avascular chorionic villi (12.5% vs. 2.1%), villous hemosiderosis in a lobular distribution (22.2% vs. 6.8%), stem luminal vascular abnormalities (58.1% vs. 4.7%), and diffuse villous fibrosis (58.1% vs. 8.4%) were statistically significantly more common in MS than in NMS, respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in frequencies of hypertensive diseases of pregnancy or fetal or placental hypoxic lesions other than the above mentioned postuterine hypoxic patterns. MS statistically significantly clustered with the Genest's regressive villous changes (multiple luminal stem vessel abnormalities with villous fibrosis) but not with clinical factors, while the NMS clustered with the 2nd trimester deliveries, small placentas and acute chorioamnionitis, maternal inflammatory reaction. Conclusions: The ascending infection manifesting as acute chorioamnionitis is the single most common cause of stillbirth, particularly the NMS. Investigation of the MS is likely to identify either maternal diabetes mellitus or, more frequently, the clinically unsuspected various umbilical cord abnormalities with secondary fetal thrombotic vasculopathy. The diffuse stem luminal vascular abnormalities and diffuse villous fibrosis identified in a small proportion of NMS can also be due to an underlying fetal thrombotic vasculopathy; otherwise, the NMSs were associated with the premature rupture of membranes/acute chorioamnionitis/placental abruption complex.
Etiopathogenesis of stillbirth varies with gestational age at delivery; Background: Patterns and frequency of normal gross and histological placental features and lesions and predictive significance of placental diagnosis vary with gestational age at delivery, being the strongest for the second trimester severe preeclampsia and preterm severe ascending infection. The impact of gestational age at delivery on the placental diagnosis has not been thoroughly studied in stillbirths yet. Therefore, a retrospective analysis of gestational age at delivery dependence of maternal and fetal clinical conditions and placental variables has been performed using two statistical tools. Design: 26 clinical maternal-fetal and 48 placental variables were analyzed in 3 gestational age study groups: G1 (16-27 weeks, 330 cases), G2 (27-36 weeks, 102 cases), and G3 (37 + weeks, 88 cases) among 520 stillbirths consecutively autopsied by JS in years 1995-2012. 2 statistical tools were used: the chi-square or Fisher exact test after the Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons, and the hierarchical clustering analysis with the Ward dendrograms. Results: By conventional statistics, statistically significantly (p,0.05) differences in frequencies (%) among Groups 1-3, respectively were found in: premature rupture of membranes (16.7, 4.9, 4.5), abnormal cardiotocography (0.6, 3.9, 8.0), thick meconium (0, 2.9, 9.1), acute chorioamnionitis, fetal reaction (19.1, 1.0, 9.1), placental edema (18.2, 11.8, 3.4), retroplacental hematoma (14.8, 11.8, 1.1), venous intimal cushions (0.9, 10.8, 6.8), fetal vascular thrombi (3.0, 11.8, 14.8), uterine (2.1, 12.7, 3.4) and preuterine (0.9, 5.9, 11.4) patterns of diffuse chronic placental injury, deep (decidual) meconium penetration (0.6, 6.9, 22.7), stem obliterative endarteritis (0, 3.9, 5.7), and chronic villitis of unknown etiology (4.2, 10.8, 18.2). By hierarchical clustering analysis, placental lesions/patterns clustered statistically significantly (approximately unbiased value . 95): premature rupture of membranes/fetal inflammatory reaction in G1; antepartum hemorrhage, fetal growth restriction, and maternal diabetes mellitus/umbilical cord compromise/induction of labor in G2; and fetal growth restriction/ nonmacerated stillbirth/oligohydramnios/thick meconium/ abnormal cardiotocography/cesarean section in G3. Conclusions: In stillbirth placentas, only the statistically significant association of premature rupture of membranes and acute chorioamnionitis, fetal inflammatory reaction, corresponded to that of the overall placental population in the 2nd trimester. In the 3rd trimester, other clinicoplacental associations, including the placental abruption, uteroplacental insufficiency, and stasis-induced fetal thrombotic vasculopathy were dominating, but not those associated with hypertensive complications of pregnancy. Multifactorial clusters were typical in the 3rd trimester, particularly in the stillbirths at term.
Placental and fetal hypoxic and thrombotic overlap lesions; Background: Placental lesion multiplicity portends poorer prognosis for pregnancy than single lesions. This analysis is aimed to study clinical and placental associations of placental hypoxic acute, chronic, and acute-on-chronic hypoxic lesions. Design: Frequencies of 32 clinical (maternal and fetal) and 47 placental (gross and microscopic) phenotypes were statistically compared among 2831 consecutive placentas from ±16 weeks gestations: 778 placentas with chronic hypoxic lesion(s) (diffuse patterns of hypoxic placental injury, chorangiosis, excessive extravillous trophoblasts, microscopic chorionic pseudocysts, clusters of decidual multinucleate trophoblasts)[Group 1, G1], 481 placentas with acute hypoxic lesion(s) (infarction, intravillous hemorrhage, decidual meconium penetration) [Group 2, G2], 585 placentas with hypoxic overlap lesion(s) (coexisting at least one lesion from each of above groups) [Group 3, G3], and 987 placentas without placental hypoxic lesions, adjusted for gestational age [Control Group, CG]. The differences among the 4 groups were evaluated using the Yates Chi-square, 3df, using the Holm-Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. Results: For G1-G3 and CG, respectively, statistically significant differences (p,0.05) were found for the following variables: poor prenatal care (1.8, 2.7, 3.2, 6.3%), maternal substance abuse (6.5, 5.8, 8.5, 3.9%), severe preeclampsia (4.1, 2.5, 9.7, 1.4%), HELLP (1.8, 0.4, 2.9, 0.4%), maternal diabetes mellitus (8.5, 4.2, 4.8, 3.8%), premature rupture of membranes (12,5, 12.5, 8.5, 18.6%), thick meconium (0.9, 5.2, 13.1, 1.8%), abnormal Dopplers (4.5, 1.6, 5.3, 1.4%), induction of labor (8.9, 9.1, 13.8, 6.1%), fetal growth restriction (13.6, 8.3, 20.3, 7.8%), acute chorioamnionitis (31.4, 38.3, 28.9, 42.5%), erythroblastosis of fetal blood (11.3, 7.7, 17.1, 3.8%), decidual arteriolopathy (19.9, 20.3, 36.9, 15.1%), intervillous thrombi (11.9, 14.5, 17.1, 9.9%), retroplacental hematoma (3.2, 10.6, 8.7, 4.8%), diffuse villous fibrosis (9.5, 10.2, 12.1, 6.2%), clusters of avascular chorionic villi (8.6, 7.7, 10.6, 5.2%), intimal cushions of fetal veins (5.4, 5.2, 7.5, 3.9%), abnormal coiling of umbilical cord (14.4, 14.5, 22.0, 9.2%), dilatation of fetal veins (3.3, 2.7, 5.1, 1.0%). Conclusions: Of two major placental injury patterns, the inflammatory pattern dominated the CG (more frequent poor prenatal care, premature rupture of membranes, and acute chorioamnionitis), while the fetal (erythroblastosis) and placental hypoxic patterns were associated not only with the clinical hypoxia-associated conditions, but also with the clinical (abnormal Dopplers) and the placental features of fetal thrombotic vasculopathy (villous fibrosis, fetal vein intimal cushions, clusters of sclerotic chorionic villi), particularly in the G3 (hypoxic overlap features/patterns). Therefore, it seems that placental hypoxic overlap lesions predispose to thrombotic lesions, some most likely stasisinduced (abnormal coiling of the umbilical cord).
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: A review; Background: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. Objective: To review ethnic differences in: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. Design: Literature review. Results: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. Conclusions: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention. ©2013 Anne Karen Jenum et al.
Effects of restricted caffeine intake by mother on fetal, neonatal and pregnancy outcome; Background: Maternal caffeine consumption during pregnancy may have adverse effects on fetal, neonatal and maternal outcomes. Objectives: This review investigates the effects of restricting caffeine intake by mothers on fetal, neonatal and pregnancy outcomes. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (31 October 2012), scanned bibliographies of published studies and corresponded with investigators. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) including quasi-RCTs investigating the effect of caffeine and/or supplementary caffeine versus restricted caffeine intake or placebo on pregnancy outcomes. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. Main results: Two studies met the inclusion criteria but only one contributed data for the prespecified outcomes. Caffeinated instant coffee (568 women) was compared with decaffeinated instant coffee (629 women) and it was found that reducing the caffeine intake of regular coffee drinkers (3+ cups/day) during the second and third trimester by an average of 182 mg/day did not affect birthweight or length of gestation. Authors' conclusions: There is insufficient evidence to confirm or refute the effectiveness of caffeine avoidance on birthweight or other pregnancy outcomes. There is a need to conduct high-quality, double-blinded RCTs to determine whether caffeine has any effect on pregnancy outcome.
Accelerated metabolic susceptibility to type 2 diabetes in older women with a history of gestational diabetes; The purpose of this study is to compare central obesity, insulin sensitivity, and cardiovascular disease risk factors between premenopausal and postmenopausal women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), controls, and women with type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Subjects were 73 overweight/obese and sedentary women who had a history of GDM (n =31) and were either premenopausal (n =11, 44±1 years, X±S.E.M.), postmenopausal (n =20, 58±1 years), or without a history of GDM as healthy postmenopausal controls (n =27, 57±1 years) or postmenopausal with T2DM (n =16, 59±1 years). The premenopausal GDM women had higher maximal oxygen uptake and lower visceral fat than the other three groups (P <0.05). BMI, %body fat, subcutaneous abdominal fat, and intramuscular fat did not differ significantly among the four groups. Glucose utilization (M, 3 h 40 mU/m2 per min hyperinsulinemic-euglycemic clamps) was 27% higher (P =0.05) in pre- than postmenopausal GDM and was not different between premenopausal GDM and postmenopausal controls. M was 28% lower (P =0.06) in postmenopausal GDM than controls and was not significantly different between postmenopausal GDM and T2DM groups. Thus, despite being younger and more physically fit, premenopausal women with prior GDM display similar central obesity, glucose, and metabolic profiles as postmenopausal controls. Postmenopausal women with prior GDM are more insulin resistant than controls of similar age, adiposity, and fitness levels and display comparable glucose utilization rates as similar as women with T2DM suggesting that a prior history of GDM may be an early manifestation of increased risk of later T2DM. © 2012 The Authors.
Epigenetics and early life origins of chronic noncommunicable diseases; In light of the increasing threats of chronic noncommunicable diseases in developing countries, the growing recognition of the early life origins of chronic disease, and innovative breakthroughs in biomedical research and technology, it is imperative that we harness cutting-edge data to improve health promotion and maintenance. It is well recognized that chronic diseases are complex traits affected by a wide range of environmental and genetic factors; however, the role of epigenetic factors, particularly with regard to early life origins, remains largely unexplored. Given the unique properties of the epigenome - functionality during critical time windows, such as the intrauterine period, heritability, and reversibility - enhancing our understanding of epigenetic mechanisms may offer new opportunities for the development of novel early prediction and prevention paradigms. This may present an unparalleled opportunity to offer maternal and child health professionals important tools with the translational value to predict, detect, and prevent disease at an early age, long before its clinical occurrence, and as such, break lifelong and transgenerational cycles of disease. In doing so, modern technology can be leveraged to make great contributions to population health, quality of life, and reducing the burdensome economic costs of noncommunicable diseases in developing countries. © 2013 Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine. All rights reserved.
Diabetes and oral contraception; The prevalence of diabetes mellitus is increasing dramatically worldwide, resulting in more and more women of reproductive age being affected by either type 1 or type 2 diabetes. Management of contraception is a major issue due to the specific risks associated with pregnancy and those potentially induced by hormonal contraceptives in diabetic women. This review emphasizes the urgent need to improve the use of contraception in women with diabetes. There is no consistent evidence that combined oral contraceptives significantly influence the risk of developing diabetes, even in women with a history of gestational diabetes. Furthermore, although data from specific studies remain sparse, no worsening effect has been reported in diabetic women, either in glycemic control or on the course of microvascular complications. Thus, the use of estroprogestive pills is now recognized as a safe and effective option for preconception care of women with uncomplicated diabetes. According to recent guidelines, these contraceptives must be avoided in case of associated cardiovascular risk factors, cardiovascular disease or severe microvascular complications such as nephropathy with proteinuria or active proliferative retinopathy. Prescription of combined hormonal contraception in type 2 diabetic women must also be considered with caution due to a frequent association with obesity and vascular risk factors which increase both thromboembolic and arterial risks. Thanks to their metabolic and vascular safety profile, progestin-only contraceptives, as well as non-hormonal methods, represent alternatives according to patient wishes. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Association of DiGeorge anomaly and caudal dysplasia sequence in a neonate born to a diabetic mother; Aim/objective Several studies have demonstrated a significantly increased risk of specific patterns of congenital anomalies in infants born to diabetic mothers. In particular, caudal dysplasia sequence has been linked to pregnancy complicated by maternal diabetes. In addition, several cases of infants born to diabetic mothers presenting with features of DiGeorge anomaly have been reported. Infants with DiGeorge anomaly can display additional manifestations within the spectrum of caudal dysplasia sequence, including vertebral anomalies and renal agenesis. Methods We report a neonate presenting with the co-occurrence of features of both DiGeorge anomaly and caudal dysplasia sequence, born to a mother with poorly controlled insulin-dependent diabetes. Results The patient was affected by truncus arteriosus type A1 and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Conclusion Maternal diabetes can cause a spectrum of manifestations, expressing with isolated DiGeorge anomaly or caudal dysplasia sequence, with intermediate phenotypes or with the co-occurrence of both the congenital anomalies in the same patient. The present observations argue for a feasible link between truncus arteriosus with hypertrophic cardiomiopathy, DiGeorge anomaly, and maternal diabetes. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Streptococcus pneumoniae purulent pericarditis in a neonate; Purulent bacterial pericarditis is an uncommon infection that manifests during childhood, and in the post-antibiotic era Streptococcus pneumoniae is an unusual cause. We report a case of purulent bacterial pericarditis in a neonate caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae serotype 7F. Although cases of bacterial pericarditis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae as a causative agent have been reported, their combination in a neonate is unique and this is, to our knowledge, the first case of this combination in the newborn period. © Cambridge University Press 2012.
Cohort profile: The International Childhood Cardiovascular Cohort (i3c) Consortium; This is a consortium of large children's cohorts that contain measurements of major cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in childhood and had the ability to follow those cohorts into adulthood. The purpose of this consortium is to enable the pooling of data to increase power, most importantly for the follow-up of CVD events in adulthood. Within the consortium, we hope to be able to obtain data on the independent effects of childhood and early adult levels of CVD risk factors on subsequent CVD occurrence. © The Author 2012; all rights reserved.
Fetal growth: a review of terms, concepts and issues relevant to obstetrics.; The perinatal literature includes several potentially confusing and controversial terms and concepts related to fetal size and growth. This article discusses fetal growth from an obstetric perspective and addresses various issues including the physiologic mechanisms that determine fetal growth trajectories, known risk factors for abnormal fetal growth, diagnostic and prognostic issues related to restricted and excessive growth and temporal trends in fetal growth. Also addressed are distinctions between fetal growth 'standards' and fetal growth 'references', and between fetal growth charts based on estimated fetal weight vs those based on birth weight. Other concepts discussed include the incidence of fetal growth restriction in pregnancy (does the frequency of fetal growth restriction increase or decrease with increasing gestation?), the obstetric implications of studies showing associations between fetal growth and adult chronic illnesses (such as coronary heart disease) and the need for customizing fetal growth standards. Copyright © 2012 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Anaesthetic management of caesarean section in pregnancy with diabetes and hypertrophic myocardiopathy with restrictive diastolic dysfunction; Haemodynamic changes that occur during pregnancy are maximal between 28 and 34 weeks. In the pregnant woman with several associated diseases, such as hypertensive myocardiopathy and pre-gestational diabetes, these changes can lead to a difficult control of pulmonary hypertension and acute pulmonary oedema. We report the case of a pregnant woman with long term type 1 diabetes mellitus who suffered pre-eclampsia in a previous pregnancy, and since then developed hypertensive cardiomyopathy. She was admitted at 30 week gestation for metabolic and blood pressure control, and developed congestive cardiac failure after the administration of betamethasone for foetal lung maturity. A transthoracic echocardiogram showed a non-dilated hypertrophic left ventricle with good systolic function, restrictive diastolic dysfunction and moderate pulmonary arterial hypertension. When her general condition improved, we performed a caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to prevent the complications of pulmonary and systemic hypertension. We present the anaesthetic management and resolution of complications after oxytocin administration. © 2011 Sociedad Española de Anestesiología, Reanimación y Terapéutica del Dolor.
Maternal obesity, lipotoxicity and cardiovascular diseases in offspring; Maternal obesity has risen dramatically over the past 20. years, by nearly 42% in African-Americans and 29% in Caucasians. Maternal obesity is afflicted with many maternal obstetric complications in the offspring including high blood pressure, obesity, gestational diabetes and increased perinatal morbidity. Maternal nutritional environment plays a rather important role in the programming of the health set-points in the offspring such as glucose and insulin metabolism, energy balance and predisposition to metabolic disorders. In particular, maternal obesity is associated with elevated prevalence of cardiovascular diseases in the offspring. Evidence from human and experimental studies including rodents and nonhuman primates has indicated that maternal obesity or overnutrition programs offspring for an increased risk of adult obesity. Maternal obesity or fat diet exposure predisposes the onset and development of obesity, insulin resistance, cardiac hypertrophy and myocardial contractile anomalies in the offspring. A number of mechanisms including elevated hormones (leptin, insulin), nutrients (fatty acids, triglycerides and glucose) and inflammatory cytokines have been postulated to play a key role in maternal obesity-induced postnatal cardiovascular sequelae. In addition, lipotoxicity (accumulation of lipid metabolites) resulting from maternal obesity is capable of activating a number of stress signaling cascades including pro-inflammatory cytokines and oxidative stress to exacerbate maternal obesity-induced cardiovascular complications later on in adult life. This mini-review summarizes the recent knowledge with regard to the role of lipotoxicity in maternal obesity-induced change in cardiovascular function in the offspring. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled "Focus on Cardiac Metabolism". © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Routine antenatal management at the booking clinic; Antenatal care has been the subject of much interest, both medical and political, since its inception at the beginning of the 20th century. Evidence-based guidelines are now influencing the content and conduct of antenatal care, and of screening for pregnancy complications - both maternal and fetal.This review assesses those aspects of antenatal management at the booking visit that are considered routine for every pregnant woman, identifying areas of proven benefit. © 2013.
PCOS related to fetal origins of disease; Objectives: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common etiology of subfertility in women. The prevalence of PCOS in women of reproductive age is 5- 10 %. Although assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been widely used in the past 30 years to help these patients to have babies, the characteristics of PCOS, hyperandrogenism and insulin resistance remain to have continued effects to these fetuses during pregnancy. Researchers are more and more concerning the safety of fetus or offspring driven from PCOS patients who have received ART treatment. Our study's objective is to know whether the abnormal endocrine environment has relationship with adverse perinatal outcomes (gestational diabetes mellitus, GDM), hypertensive disease during) and some Fetal borne diseases (cardiovascular disease, diabetes) and the mechanism involved in. Methods: Placental specimens were collected from PCOS pregnant women treated with ART (experimental group) and pregnant women who got ART treatment for the other etiological factors (control group), then matched based on parity, maternal age, gestational weeks at delivery, and infant sex. The maternal part were collected and dissected immediately following delivery. A gene Chip Affymetrix HG-U133 plus 2.0 Array was utilized to view and analyze the global gene expression alteration between the two groups. Results and Conclusions: By mean of qRT-PCR, we certified microarray data from 10 of the dys-regulated genes, 5 of which we located through immunohistochemistry, more precisely in the placenta.
A relationship between lox-1 3'UTR188CT polymorphism and gestational diabetes mellitus in turkish; Objective: Diabetes mellitus is a chronic metabolic disease with a high prevalence worldwide. The etiology of diabetic complications is multifactorial, and is closely associated with genetic background. The lectin-like oxidized low-density lipoprotein receptor-1 (LOX-1), encoded by the OLR1 gene, plays critical role in multiple signal transduction pathways and is involved in the process of pro-atherosclerotic conditions, such as hypertension, dyslipidaemia and diabetes. We aimed to investigate, in a Turkish population, whether 3'UTR188CT variation could affect the development of atherosclerosis and insulin resistance in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patients. Material and Methods: LOX-1 3'UTR188CT polymorphism was investigated by PCR-RFLP method in 84 diabetic pregnant and 110 healthy pregnant women. The results were statistically analyzed by calculating the odds ratio (OR) and their 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) using the χ2 tests. Patients were assessed for routine serum biochemical parameters and HOMA-IR. Results: The allele or genotype distribution of the LOX-1 3'UTR188CT was not statistically different between gestational diabetes mellitus and control subjects. LOX-1 3'UTR188CT genotype was associated with significantly increased levels of total cholesterol in the patient group (p=0.014). There was no statistically significant difference in other biochemical parameters. Conclusion: The increased genotype CT frequency of ORL 1 gene's 3'UTR188CT polymorphism in gestational diabetes does not seem to be an increased risk factor. The clinical significance of these findings needs to be confirmed in a wider population study as our study involved a limited number of subjects in each recruited population.
Postpartum lifestyle intervention in women with gestational diabetes mellitus: A pilot feasibility study; Introduction: Women with Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) are at high risk for future type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) which can be prevented with lifestyle modification. However, prevention programs in this population have had limited success due to poor adherence. Programs need to be more customized to address the unique needs and barriers faced by new mothers. Objective: To determine the feasibility of a pilot home-based lifestyle program to improve fitness among women with recent GDM. Methods: The study population included women 18 years or older with a pre-pregnancy BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2 during their first postpartum year after GDM. Participants were enrolled between July 2012 to January 2013 into a 6-month home-based lifestyle program, delivered by a kinesiologist trained in motivational interviewing, at the Women's College Hospital Cardiovascular Prevention and Education Program. The intervention consisted of an individualized exercise prescription based on baseline fitness levels with regular telephone support. Outcomes [exercise capacity (EC) on a graded exercise treadmill test (metabolic equivalents, METS), body mass index (BMI), waist circumference (WC)] were assessed at baseline, 3 months and 6 months. Results: We present interim data from this ongoing study. Of the 47 women contacted, 21 (45%) were enrolled and 17 (36%) attended the first visit (mean age 38 ± 8 SD years; BMI 35 ± 8 SD kg/m2; postpartum 7 ± 2 SD months). Mean baseline EC was 10.4 ± 1.0 SE METS, with 41% of women at <85% age-predicted EC. For the 8 women who have completed their 3 month visit, EC increased by a mean 0.53 ± 0.47 SE METs (p=0.29), and by 2.0 ± 1.15 METS (p<0.01) among those at <85% age-predicted EC (n=3). Mean WC decreased by 2.75 ± 0.84 SE cm (p<0.05) with no significant change in BMI (n=8). The retention at 3 months is 100% with 88% reporting excellent or very good program satisfaction. Conclusions: Our preliminary findings show that a customized lifestyle program in women with recent GDM is feasible with good adherence rates. Interim results indicate early improvements in EC, especially among those with lower baseline fitness levels, and significant reduction in WC after 3 months. Further analysis of the complete cohort at 6 months may demonstrate greater impact. As increases in EC is associated with a lower risk of all-cause mortality and CVD events, these findings provide evidence for prevention programs designed for women with recent GDM.
Gestational diabetes mellitus, placental histomorphometry, and cardiovascular disease risk: Does race/ethnicity matter?; Background: The human placenta is the critical organ responsible for the transfer of blood, nutrients, oxygen, and waste between the mother and fetus. Because the placenta shares the metabolic milieu of both mother and fetus, maternal disease can manifest in placental pathology. However, implications for maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk subsequent to placental pathology have not been elucidated. Objective: To investigate the association of specific placental pathology in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with subsequent maternal CVD risk and to determine if race/ethnicity modifies these associations. Methods: Study participants were selected from the MGH pathology archives between January 1, 2001 and December 31, 2009 using search terms “placenta,” “gestational diabetes,” and “GDM». From the initial 765 placental specimens identified, we selected 129 placenta from singleton, full-term, live births whose mothers had Carpenter-Coustan-defined GDM and complete clinical/demographic data. Race/ethnicity was self-reported. CVD risk outcomes included essential hypertension and type 2 diabetes (T2D). Placental diagnoses scored included villous maturation, fetal and maternal inflammation, villous edema, and chorangiosis. Placental pathology was re-reviewed by co-authors DJR and DD blinded to race/ethnicity and prior pathologic diagnoses. Results: Of the 129 women, 48 were white, 51 were Hispanic, 14 were Asian, 4 were black, and 14 were classified as other/unknown (excluded from analysis). The women were followed for a median of 4.1 (range 0.0-8.9) years from delivery to CVD risk outcome. Because of the limited number of non-Hispanic minority women, we aggregated the women into white and non-white groups. The non-white women had lower first prenatal visit systolic blood pressure (108 ± 10 vs. 116 ± 13 mmHg; p = 0.0004); were less likely to self-identify as a past or current smoker (8.7 vs. 35.4%; p =0.003); but were more likely to develop T2D (34.8 vs. 12.5%; p = 0.01) than the white women. Regarding placental pathology, the only significant difference was that non-white women had less chorangiosis than did white women (52.1 vs. 31.9%; p = 0.03). Conclusion: Although more non-white women developed T2D, more white women had chorangiosis. This inconsistency may have been due to the greater percentage of past/current smokers among white compared to non-white women; however, the degree of insulin use during pregnancy warrants consideration. Further study is necessary to investigate the relationship between chorangiosis and future maternal CVD risk and race.
A case of ketoacidosis in pregnancy; Background: Pregnant women are predisposed to accelerated starvation due to continuous nutrient demands by the fetus, and they have increased susceptibility to ketogenesis during periods of caloric deprivation [1, 2]. We report a case of starvation ketoacidosis in a patient with gestational diabetes on a carbohydrate-restricted diet. Clinical case: A 30 year-old woman, gravida 5, para 2, with a history of spina bifida and hydrocephalus status post ventriculoperitoneal shunt, presented at 37 weeks of gestation with dyspnea. Her pregnancy had been complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus treated with a carbohydrate-restricted diet of 30 g a day. Due to a previous pregnancy complicated by late intrauterine fetal demise, a caesarean section was planned at 37 weeks of gestation after administration of steroids to induce fetal lung maturity. On admission, the patient™s blood pressure was 116/69 mm Hg, heart rate 106 beats per minute, oral temperature 36°C, pulse ox 97%, and respiratory rate 20 breaths per minute. Laboratory tests showed a mixed metabolic acidosis and respiratory alkalosis with pH 7.3 (7.33 - 7.43), HCO3 7.3 meq/l (20 - 27 meq/l), positive urinary ketones, and glucose of 75 mg/dl (65139 mg/dl). Her glycosylated hemoglobin was 5.8% (4.0 - 6.0 %), C-peptide level 14.3 ng/ml (0.6 - 12.0 ng/ml), total insulin level 4.1 uU/ml (5 to 25 uU/ml), and lactate 1.8 mmol/l (0.5 - 2.2 mmol/l). Her dyspnea progressed, requiring intubation followed by emergent caesarean section. Afterwards, she was transferred to the surgical intensive care unit. She was treated with intravenous fluids containing dextrose and bicarbonate; she never received insulin and her blood glucose ranged from 65 to 139 mg/dl. By hospital day 3, the metabolic acidosis resolved, and she was extubated. A diagnosis of euglycemic diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) was considered, but as her acid-base status improved without insulin, her illness was attributed to extreme starvation ketoacidosis. The patient remained euglycemic on a diabetic diet, and she was discharged in good condition on hospital day 6. There were no complications with the newborn infant. Conclusion: This case shows the importance of adequate intake of carbohydrates in pregnant patients with gestational diabetes in order to prevent ketoacidosis. Clinical assessment can distinguish between starvation ketoacidosis, which can be extreme in pregnancy, and euglycemic DKA, as the latter will require administration of dextrose and insulin to reverse the acidosis.
Hypoglycemia and supraventricular tachycardia in an infant of diabetic mother: A possible association; 3 to 10 % of all pregnancies are associated with some degree of glucose dysregulation. 90% of those are related to gestational diabetes.1 Infant born to diabetic mothers with poor glycemic control, have greater associated morbidity and mortality. Hypoglycemia is the common manifestation in such infants, with an incidence of up to 50 % in the immediate postnatal period. 2, 3Atrioventricular block has been documented in infants of diabetic mother (IDM). 4 Reactive hypoglycemia has been reported to trigger atrioventricular nodal reentry tachycardia in an adult.5 We describe a macrosomic IDM, who developed severe hypoglycemia and simultaneous supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) in the immediate postnatal period, suggesting a possible association and biological plausibility. Sinus rhythm was established with adenosine and after institution of stable euglycemia.
Need for insulin to control gestational diabetes is reflected in the ambulatory arterial stiffness index; Background: The aim was to evaluate the metabolic profile in conjunction with vascular function using the ambulatory arterial stiffness index (AASI) in women with uncomplicated pregnancies and in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Plasma glucose, lipids, HOMA -IR (homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance) and AASI, as obtained from 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure monitoring in third trimester pregnancy and at three months postpartum, were measured in three groups of women: controls (N = 32), women with GDM on diet (N = 42) and women with GDM requiring insulin treatment (N = 10).Results: Women with GDM had poorer glycemic control and higher HOMA-IR during and after pregnancy and their total and LDL (low density lipoprotein) cholesterol levels were significantly higher after pregnancy than in the controls. After delivery, there was an improvement in AASI from 0.26 ± 0.10 to 0.17 ± 0.09 (P = 0.002) in women with GDM on diet, but not in women with GDM receiving insulin whose AASI tended to worsen after delivery from 0.30 ± 0.23 to 0.33 ± 0.09 (NS), then being significantly higher than in the other groups (P = 0.001-0.047). Conclusions: Women with GDM had more unfavorable lipid profile and higher blood glucose values at three months after delivery, the metabolic profile being worst in women requiring insulin. Interestingly, the metabolic disturbances at three months postpartum were accompanied by a tendency towards arterial stiffness to increase in women requiring insulin. © 2013 Karkkainen et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Maternal hypertension and intrapartum fever are associated with increased risk of ischemic stroke during infancy; Aim To examine maternal hypertension, diabetes, and intrapartum fever as potential risk factors for ischemic stroke in infants. Method We conducted a retrospective cohort study of 226117 children born from January 2000 to December 2007 who were enrolled in the South Carolina Medicaid program. We linked maternal and child Medicaid billing records and birth certificate data. Children with ischemic stroke were identified based on the International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision (ICD-9), code 434 in the child's billing data. Independent variables and covariates were identified using ICD-9 codes and birth certificate data. We modeled the odds of ischemic stroke diagnosis in infants, either before 30days of life or before 365days. Results Forty-three children were diagnosed with ischemic stroke before 30days and 161 before 365days. Maternal hypertension (odds ratio 2.31 before 30d) and intrapartum fever (odds ratio 3.36 <30d) were significantly associated with odds of ischemic stroke before 30days and before 365days; maternal diabetes was not. Interpretation Maternal hypertension and intrapartum fever appear to be risk factors for ischemic stroke in infants. Additional research is needed to determine the mechanism(s) underlying these associations and to develop effective preventive methods for high-risk infants. This article is commented on by Grunt and Steinlin on pages 8-9 of this issue. © The Authors. Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology © 2012 Mac Keith Press.
Urinary calculi increase the risk for adverse pregnancy outcomes: A nationwide study; Objective. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based data sets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without urinary calculi. Design. Cross-sectional study. Setting. Taiwan. Sample. This study included 3694 women who had live singleton births and received a diagnosis of urinary calculi (UC) in the year prior to their delivery, as well as 18 470 matched women without UC, who were used as a comparison group. Methods. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed. Main outcome measures. Low birthweight, preterm birth, small for gestational age, cesarean section, lower Apgar score and pre-eclampsia/ eclampsia. Results. Women with UC had a higher prevalence of low-birthweight neonates (7.4 vs. 6.0%, p = 0.003), preterm births (9.5 vs. 7.3%, p < 0.001) and cesarean sections (43.1 vs. 35.4%, p < 0.001) than women without UC. After adjusting for potential confounding factors, women with UC were more likely than women without UC to have low-birthweight neonates (odds ratio 1.21, 95% confidence interval 1.05-1.39), preterm birth (odds ratio 1.28, 95% confidence interval 1.13-1.43) and cesarean sections (odds ratio 1.37, 95% confidence interval 1.28-1.48). Conclusions. There were increased risks for having low-birthweight, preterm infants and for experiencing cesarean section among women with UC in comparison to women without UC. © 2012 The Authors © 2012 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Adiposity and hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and related health outcomes in European ethnic minorities of Asian and African origin: A review; Background: Ethnic minorities in Europe have high susceptibility to type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and, in some groups, also cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pregnancy can be considered a stress test that predicts future morbidity patterns in women and that affects future health of the child. Objective: To review ethnic differences in: 1) adiposity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia during pregnancy; 2) future risk in the mother of obesity, T2DM and CVD; and 3) prenatal development and possible influences of maternal obesity, hyperglycaemia, and pre-eclampsia on offspring's future disease risk, as relevant for ethnic minorities in Europe of Asian and African origin. Design: Literature review. Results: Maternal health among ethnic minorities is still sparsely documented. Higher pre-pregnant body mass index (BMI) is found in women of African and Middle Eastern descent, and lower BMI in women from East and South Asia compared with women from the majority population. Within study populations, risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is considerably higher in many minority groups, particularly South Asians, than in the majority population. This increased risk is apparent at lower BMI and younger ages. Women of African origin have higher risk of pre-eclampsia. A GDM pregnancy implies approximately seven-fold higher risk of T2DM than normal pregnancies, and both GDM and pre-eclampsia increase later risk of CVD. Asian neonates have lower birth weights, and mostly also African neonates. This may translate into increased risks of later obesity, T2DM, and CVD. Foetal overgrowth can promote the same conditions. Breastfeeding represents a possible strategy to reduce risk of T2DM in both the mother and the child. Conclusions: Ethnic minority women in Europe with Asian and African origin and their offspring seem to be at increased risk of T2DM and CVD, both currently and in the future. Pregnancy is an important window of opportunity for short and long-term disease prevention. © 2013 Anne Karen Jenum et al.
Intestinal atresia occurring in association with placental fetal thrombotic vasculopathy: A case report with literature review; Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy (FTV) is a thromboocclusive disorder of the placenta that has been reported in association with perinatal conditions such as cardiac abnormalities, neurological injury, and perinatal liver disease. These complications are related to fetal circulation vascular compromise. We herein report a previously undocumented association of congenital intestinal atresia and placental FTV. Vascular occlusion of the fetal mesenteric vessels has been hypothesized to result in congenital intestinal atresia. Our report provides support for this vascular hypothesis and illustrates the value of formal pathological examination of the placenta in explaining this occurrence of congenital intestinal atresia. © 2013 Society for Pediatric Pathology.
A study of postpartum depression and maternal risk factors in Qatar; Objective: The objective of this study was to investigate the association between maternal complications and postpartum depression (PPD) among postpartum women in Qatar by using the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) as well as a structured questionnaire. Methods: This is a cross-sectional study of PPD of 1379 postpartum women within 6 months of delivery attending the primary healthcare centers of the State of Qatar. Results: The prevalence of PPD was 17.6% in the studied mothers. The results of the logistic regression analysis showed that the risk factors for PPD included various socio-demographic risk factors such as education, occupation, consanguinity and access to transportation. Amongst the maternal factors studied, history of unplanned pregnancy and infertility and other medical complications such as gestational diabetes, heart disease, threatened abortion and cesarean section were found to be risk factors for PPD. Amongst the postpartum women with maternal complications, items related to feeling scared and panicky and feeling sad and miserable were the most frequently reported symptoms of depression. These women were also more likely to be experiencing sleep difficulty (p=0.029) compared to women without maternal complications. Conclusion: While socio-demographic risk factors are well studied in the PPD literature, there is much less information on the impact of maternal complications on the psychological status of postpartum women. Postpartum women, especially those with maternal complications, need close screening and have quick access to mental healthcare within integrated reproductive health services. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ischaemic stroke as the first presentation of occult squamous cell cancer; A 39 years old female presented with sudden onset of left sided weakness and CT scan brain confirmed an ischaemic stroke. Extensive investigations looking for the underlying cause were un-rewarding. She presented few days later with confusion and fever and was found to have multiple new cerebral infarcts, disseminated intravascular coagulation, rectal mass and liver metastases. Biopsy of metastatic liver lesion identified the primary tumour to be of squamous cell origin. Such a rare presentation as ischaemic stroke of a very rare squamous cell carcinoma of rectum has not been reported before.
Left ventricular diverticulum: How we do it; Left ventricular diverticulum is an extremely rare anomaly, especially in the absence of other findings, and as such it has been rarely imaged, rarely seen intraoperatively, and has no standardized management algorithm. We report our suggested imaging and management in the context of previous management philosophies. © The Author(s) 2013.
Role of 3D power Doppler sonography in early prenatal diagnosis of Galen vein aneurysm; Vein of Galen aneurysm malformation (VGAM) is a rare congenital vascular anomaly. Although the cause of VGAM remains to be elucidated, the current hypothesis is persistence of the embryonic vascular supply, which leads to progressive enlargement and formation of the aneurysmal component of a typical VGAM. Here, we present a 36-year-old woman at 23 weeks' gestation (gravida 3, para 2) who was evaluated using 3D power Doppler sonography for the prenatal diagnosis of a vein of Galen aneurysm. Investigation using 3D power Doppler sonography allowed for a non-invasive yet diffuse and detailed prenatal assessment of VGAM. Thus, we suggest that prenatal sonography with 3D power Doppler may be an option in cases of VGAM. © 2013 by the Turkish-German Gynecological Education and Research Foundation.
Relations between perinatal outcomes and gestational diabetes; Objectives. The aim of the study is to compare the outcomes of infants born to diabetic mothers with those born to non-diabetic mothers, to analyze the effects of gestational diabetes early diagnosis upon avoiding complications, to establish a relation between maternal glycaemia values and perinatal distress. Methods. We conducted an observational research on 52 diabetic and 216 non-diabetic mothers and their infants during 2011- 2012. Results. In the present study, 7.69% of the infants born to diabetic mothers were low-weight and 28.85% macrosomic compared to 6.81% and 19.44% respectively in the non-diabetic mothers group. About 15.38% of diabetic mothers delivered prematurely compared to 10.18% non-diabetic women. Only 88.46% of the infants born by diabetic mothers had Apgar score 8 to 10 compared to 90.74% of the infants born by non-diabetic mothers. Conclusions. Gestational diabetes represents a risk for perinatal complications (premature delivery, macrosomic or low-weight fetus, low Apgar score) that may lead to adverse outcomes for both mother and child. The severity of these complications depends of mothers' previous health status and constant glycemic control during pregnancy.
Diagnosis and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome: An endocrine society clinical practice guideline; Objective: The aim was to formulate practice guidelines for the diagnosis and treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Participants: An Endocrine Society-appointed Task Force of experts, a methodologist, and a medical writer developed the guideline. Evidence: This evidence-based guideline was developed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system to describe both the strength of recommendations and the quality of evidence. Consensus Process: One group meeting, several conference calls, and e-mail communications enabled consensus. Committees and members of The Endocrine Society and the European Society of Endocrinology reviewed and commented on preliminary drafts of these guidelines. Two systematic reviews were conducted to summarize supporting evidence. Conclusions:Wesuggest using the Rotterdam criteria for diagnosing PCOS (presence of two of the following criteria: Androgen excess, ovulatory dysfunction, or polycystic ovaries). Establishing a diagnosis of PCOS is problematic in adolescents and menopausal women. Hyperandrogenism is central to the presentation in adolescents, whereas there is no consistent phenotype in postmenopausal women. Evaluation of women with PCOS should exclude alternate androgen-excess disordersandrisk factors for endometrial cancer,mooddisorders, obstructive sleep apnea, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Hormonal contraceptives are the first-line management for menstrual abnormalities and hirsutism/acne in PCOS. Clomiphene is currently the first-line therapy for infertility; metformin is beneficial for metabolic/glycemic abnormalities and for improving menstrual irregularities, but it has limited or no benefit in treating hirsutism, acne, or infertility. Hormonal contraceptives and metformin are the treatment options in adolescents with PCOS. The role of weight loss in improving PCOS status per se is uncertain, but lifestyle intervention is beneficial in overweight/obese patients for other health benefits. Thiazolidinediones have an unfavorable riskbenefit ratio overall, and statins require further study. (J Clin Endocrinol Metab 98: 4565-4592, 2013) © 2013 by The Endocrine Society.
Cardiac malformations in fetuses of gestational and pre gestational diabetic mothers; Objective: In this study we aimed to determine the prevalence of cardiac malformations in fetuses of Iranian diabetic mothers with pre-gestational and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to find the patterns of different cardiac malformations. Methods: One-hundred and seventy diabetic pregnant women (68 preGDM and 102 GDM) (mean age: 32.17±4.8 years) and 85 healthy controls (mean age: 31.35±4.55 years) were recruited from September 2008 to July 2012. Fetal echocardiography was performed to assess cardiac malformation. In order to study major factors that may affect the results, a complete history was obtained. Findings: Fetal echocardiography was performed at mean gestational age of 24.7±5.4 and 20.27±3.9 weeks in diabetic patients and control group, respectively. Fifteen (8.8%) fetuses of diabetic mothers were detected to have cardiac malformations compared with 1 (1.17%) fetus in control group (OR: 8.13, 95%CI: 1.1-62.61, P-value=0.02). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy noted as the most common cardiac malformation occurred in 6 out of 15 (40%) fetuses, and was found significantly more common in pre-GDM compared to GDM group (7.4% vs 1%, P-value =0.04). Despite the higher incidence of cardiac malformation in pre-GDM compared to GDM group, the difference was not significant. Further, no significant association was observed between the variables including; parity, diabetic regimen, parents' consanguinity, maternal history of hypertension or hypothyroidism and occurring cardiac malformations (P-value >0.05). Conclusion: In this study we detected cardiac malformations in 8.8% of our diabetic referrals. The result of the present study shows that screening diabetic mothers for fetal cardiac malformations could be beneficial. © 2013 by Pediatrics Center of Excellence, Children's Medical Center, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, All rights reserved.
Blood pressure diurnal rhythm is related with hematological indices in gestational diabetes mellitus patients; Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is related with cardiovascular risk factors. Non-dipping blood pressure pattern and high mean platelet volume, which is an indicator of increased platelet activation, are associated with cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. The aim of our study is to determine circadian variation of blood pressure and to study the impact of hematological indices on blood pressure dipping and non-dipping patterns in patient with GDM. Material and methods: A total of 42 patients who were diagnosed with GDM and 33 patients with healthy pregnancies were included into the study. Patients' blood pressures were monitored and were grouped due to their blood pressure circadian pattern. If the blood pressure while sleeping decreased more than 10% from the blood pressure while awake, the patient was classified as a "dipper". If the decrease was less than 10%, the patient was classified as a "non-dipper". Biochemical and hematological parameters were measured and clinical features were recorded for all study groups. Results: Ambulatory blood pressures monitoring of two groups revealed that average systolic and diastolic blood pressures as well as the day-phase diastolic and night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures of GDM patients were significantly increased than those of the control group. Besides, control patients had a more significant decrease in night-phase systolic and diastolic blood pressures than GDM patients (p<0.001). There was no significant difference between hematological indices and dipping status, except for mean platelet volume (MPV). MPV in non-dippers was significantly higher than dippers one (p<0.001). Step-wise multivariate linear regression demonstrated that MPV and GDM can be used as independent predictors of non-dipping status. Conclusion: According to our results the circadian variation of blood pressure is impaired and MPV is increased in GDM patients. Increasing in MPV is associated with non-dipping status of blood pressure. It is possible that non-dipping status and increased MPV levels may be additional risk factors for increased cardiovascular disease events in gestational diabetes patients.
Management of pregnancy-associated thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura; Thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura (TTP) is an infrequent but serious disease. Pregnancy is a known risk factor for presentation or relapse of TTP. Difficulties in differentiating TTP from preeclampsia/HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets) syndrome, and current treatment recommendations are discussed in this case report. A woman with previously treated and stable TTP had a relapse at 36 weeks' gestation. Careful surveillance led to an early diagnosis. Severe disease in the peripartum period was treated successfully with cryosupernatant plasma-based plasmapheresis and platelet transfusion, with good maternal and neonatal outcomes. Cryosupernatant plasma is a viable alternative to fresh frozen plasma for plasmapheresis for TTP and may offer some therapeutic and logistical advantages. Platelet transfusion can be undertaken safely if needed to prevent or treat significant hemorrhage. Copyright © 2013 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Resolution of neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy presumed secondary to acquired maternal ribonucleoprotein and smith autoantibodies; Severe asymmetrical hypertrophic cardiomyopathy without heart block accompanied by neuromuscular hypotonia and feeding difficulties was evident shortly after birth in the second child of a mother with systemic lupus erythematosus who had no indication of gestational diabetes. High-level anti-ribonucleoprotein (RNP) and Smoth (Sm) antibodies arising from transplacental transfer of maternal antibodies were detected in the child's serum. The cardiac abnormalities improved with a commensurate decline in antibody titers. Previously reported cases of neonatal cardiomyopathy with endocardial fibroelastosis have been ascribed to the transplacental transfer of maternal Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) A (Ro) and Sjogrens Syndrome (SS) B (La) antibodies and have been more severe and persistent compared with our patient. We advocate close monitoring of all babies of mothers with systemic autoimmunity for changes in heart rate during pregnancy and signs of heart failure and neuromuscular weakness after delivery. Copyright © 2013 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Spinal cord infarction in diabetic pregnancy: A case report; Spinal cord infarction (SCI) is uncommon as compared to cerebral stroke. Moreover, SCI during pregnancy is rare. Here, we report a case of SCI in diabetic pregnancy, properly diagnosed, promptly treated, and a good prognosis achieved. A 38-year-old, pregnant woman, para 1, with type 1 diabetes mellitus on insulin since 14 years of age, was admitted to our hospital for paresthesia and numbness in the lower left side of the body, with movement disturbances. On the basis of the temporal profile of the onset and the multiple resonance imaging scans, SCI was diagnosed. Steroid pulse therapy and low-dose aspirin administration was initiated. Her symptoms were improved and discharged. A repeat cesarean section was performed at 37 weeks of gestation and her postoperative course was uneventful. Her daily activities were not hindered severely, though she experienced defecation discomfort. © 2013 The Authors. Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology Research © 2013 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women; Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in both men and women. This is also true for patients with diabetes. In general, differences between the sexes are present in several areas, such as epidemiology, pathophysiology, diagnostics, treatment response and prognosis, as well as the way in which disease is experienced and expressed. Cardiovascular disease presents later in life in women, who are therefore more likely to suffer from comorbidities. However, this age-related difference is attenuated in women with diabetes, who suffer their first myocardial infarction at about the same age as men with diabetes. Diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease by three to four times in women and two to three times in men, after adjusting for other risk factors. This paper describes the differences in cardiovascular disease in men and women and the special situation of women with type 2 diabetes when it comes to risk factors, symptoms and the setting of acute coronary syndromes. Furthermore, it highlights the importance of sex-specific analyses in clinical research to improve our knowledge of cardiovascular disease in women in general and in women with diabetes in particular. The importance of taking sex into account when treating women and men at risk of cardiovascular disease is discussed. © 2012 Springer-Verlag.
Maternal risk factors for neonatal ischaemic stroke; This commentary is on the original article by Mann et al. on pages 58-64 of this issue © The Authors. Developmental Medicine & Child Neurology © 2012 Mac Keith Press.
Lung ultrasound-guided management of acute breathlessness during pregnancy; Lung ultrasonography is a standard tool in the intensive care unit and in emergency medicine, but has not been described in the particular setting of the labour ward. During pregnancy, acute respiratory failure and pulmonary oedema are not uncommon life-threatening events. We present two case reports outlining the potential of lung ultrasonography in parturients. In case 1, lung ultrasonography allowed early diagnosis and treatment of acute dyspnoea in a parturient admitted for suspected asthma exacerbation. Lung ultrasonography revealed a 'B-pattern' of vertical lines radiating into the lung tissue, indicating severe pulmonary oedema complicating previously undiagnosed pre-eclampsia. In case 2, a pre-eclamptic patient was managed with combined transthoracic echocardiography and lung ultrasonography. The accuracy of lung ultrasonography in detecting interstitial oedema at a pre-clinical stage allowed adequate fluid resuscitation in this patient who had a high risk of alveolar pulmonary oedema. We believe that these cases strongly support the prospective validation of lung ultrasound for management of lung disorders in pregnant women. © Anaesthesia © 2012 The Association of Anaesthetists of Great Britain and Ireland.
Adverse pregnancy outcomes in cases involving extremely young maternal age; Objective: To assess pregnancy outcomes among adolescent girls 16 years old or younger and their newborns. Methods: A cohort study was carried out at Siriraj Hospital, Mahidol University, Bangkok, Thailand, using completed charts for 1061 girls aged 16 years or younger (study group) and 1100 women aged 20 to 29 years (reference group) delivered at that hospital between January 1, 2006, and December 31, 2010. Demographic data, maternal laboratory investigations, maternal complications, placental complications, medications administered in hospital, and neonatal outcomes were recorded. Results: Anemia (odds ratio [OR], 1.86; confidence interval [CI], 1.52-2.26); heart disease (OR, 0.38; CI 0.15-0.90), thyroid disorder (OR, 0.054; CI, 0.01-0.40), pulmonary disease (OR, 0.89; CI, 0.41-1.93); medical and obstetrics complications including gestational diabetes mellitus (OR, 0.04; CI, 0.01-0.29), placenta previa (OR 1.04, CI 0.06-16.60), preterm labor (OR, 1.98; CI, 1.55-2.53), as well as mean neonatal weight (2830.77 ± 81.31 g and 3038.53 ± 482.23 g; P = 0.001) were different in the 2 groups and the differences were statistically significant. Conclusion: Adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes were common in the study group. Extensive education about contraception and safe sex on the one hand, and an effective care plan if pregnancy occurs, should be provided to teenage girls to reduce these poor outcomes. © 2012 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The genetics of type 2 diabetes and its clinical relevance; The increasing worldwide prevalence of type 2 diabetes (T2D) motivates efforts to use genetics to define key pathways involved in disease predisposition, and thereby to improve management of the disease. Research over the past 5years has taken the total number of genetic loci implicated in T2D susceptibility beyond 60, and the emphasis is now shifting to the translation of these genetic insights into clinical value. Clinical translation may flow from the identification of novel therapeutic targets, but opportunities also exist with respect to individual prediction, diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic optimization. To date, the main clinical impact has been seen for relatively rare, monogenic forms of diabetes rather than common T2D. However, the advent of high throughput sequencing approaches may herald discovery of rare and low frequency variants that offer greater translational potential. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Prolonged and post-term pregnancies: Guidelines for clinical practice from the French College of Gynecologists and Obstetricians (CNGOF); The duration of pregnancy varies between 40+0 and 41 +3 weeks. Conventionally, and essentially arbitrarily, a pregnancy is considered to be "prolonged" after 41+0 weeks, but the infant is not considered "post-term" until 42+0 weeks (Professional consensus). A term birth thus occurs during the period from 37+0 to 41+6 weeks. In France, prolonged pregnancies (≥41+0weeks) involve 15-20% of pregnant women, and post-term pregnancies (≥42+0 weeks) approximately 1%. The frequency of post-term pregnancies is very heterogeneous: in Europe and the United States, it ranges from 0.5% to 10% according to country. In prolonged pregnancies, the cesarean section rate - especially the emergency cesarean rate - is multiplied by approximately 1.5 (grade B). From 370-6 to 430-6 weeks, the risk of perinatal mortality increases regularly, from 0.7‰ to 5.8‰. Meconium aspiration syndrome is responsible for substantial morbidity and mortality, and its incidence increases regularly between 38 +0 and 42+6 weeks, from 0.24‰ to 1.42‰ (grade B). Similarly, the risks of neonatal acidosis (grade B), 5-min Apgar scores less than 7 (grade B) and admissions to neonatal intensive care (grade B) increase progressively between 38+0 and 42+6 weeks. These risks appear to double for post-term growth-restricted newborns (grade C). Ultrasound dating of the pregnancy makes it possible to reduce the risk that it will be incorrectly considered prolonged and that labor will therefore be induced unnecessarily. To harmonize practices, if the crown-rump length (CRL) is correctly measured (this measurement should be taken between 11+0 and 13+6 weeks, when CRL should measure from 45 to 84 mm), ultrasound dating based on it should be used to determine the official date pregnancy began, regardless of its difference from the date assumed by the patient or estimated based on the date of the last menstrual period. This rule does not apply to pregnancies by IVF, for which the date pregnancy began is defined by the date of oocyte retrieval (Professional consensus). From 370-6 to 430-6 weeks, the risk of perinatal mortality increases regularly and there is no threshold at which a clear increase in perinatal mortality becomes visible. Fetal monitoring by cardiotocography (CTG) that begins at 41 +0 weeks would cover approximately 20% of women and reduce perinatal morbidity compared with monitoring that begins at 42+0 weeks (grade C). The frequency recommended for this monitoring ranges between two and three times a week (Professional consensus). For ultrasonography assessment, measurement of the largest fluid pocket is recommended, because measurement of the amniotic fluid index (that is, the sum of the four quadrants) is accompanied by more diagnoses of oligohydramnios, inductions of labor, and cesareans for fetal distress without any improvement in neonatal prognosis (grade A). The practice of assessing the Manning biophysical score increases the number of diagnoses of oligohydramnios and fetal heart rage (FHR) abnormalities and generates an increase in the rates of inductions and cesareans without improving neonatal prognosis. The use of this biophysical score in monitoring prolonged pregnancies is therefore not recommended (grade B). In the absence of a specific disorder, induction of labor can be proposed in patients between 41 +0 and 42+6 weeks (grade B). Nonetheless, the choice of prolongation beyond above 42+0 weeks appears to involve an increase in fetal risk, which must be explained to the patient and balanced against the potential disadvantages of induction (Professional consensus). Stripping the membranes can reduce the duration of pregnancy by increasing the number of patients going into labor spontaneously during the week afterward (grade B). Compared to an expectant approach, it does not increase the cesarean section rate (grade A). It reduces recourse to induction by 41% at 41+0 weeks and by 72% at 42+0 weeks (grade B), without increasing the risk of either membrane rupture or maternal or neonatal infection (grade B). Used as a tampon or vaginal gel, prostaglandins E2 (PGE2) are an effective method of inducing labor (grade A). They can be used to induce labor successfully, regardless of cervical ripeness (grade A). If misoprostol is chosen, the lowest dose is to be preferred, starting with a vaginal dose of 25 μg every 3-6 h (grade A). For misoprostol, more powerful studies remain necessary for better defining the doses, routes of administration, tolerance and indications. Misoprostol at any dose is contraindicated in women with uterine scars (grade B). Placement of an intracervical Foley catheter is an effective mechanical means of inducing labor, with less uterine hyperstimulation than prostaglandins and no increase in the cesarean section rate (grade A). Nonetheless, as the risk of infection might be increased, this technique requires more robust evaluation before entering general practice (grade B). In cases of meconium-stained amniotic fluid, pharyngeal aspiration before delivery of the shoulders is not recommended (grade A). The team managing a post-term newborn with meconium-stained amniotic fluid at birth must know how to perform intubation and, if the intubation is not helpful, endotracheal aspiration (grade C) and ventilation with a mask. Routine endotracheal intubation of a vigorous newborn is not recommended (grade A). © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Multi-functional peptide hormone NUCB2/nesfatin-1; The recently discovered nesfatin-1 is regulated by hunger and satiety. The precursor protein NUCB2 is proteolytically cleaved into three resulting fragments: nesfatin-1, nesfatin-2, and nesfatin-3. The middle segment of nesfatin-1 (M30) is responsible for limiting food intake, while the exact physiological role of nesfatin-2 and nesfatin-3 are not currently known yet. This hormone plays role/roles on diabetic hyperphagia, epilepsy, mood, stress, sleeping, anxiety, hyperpolarization, depolarization, and reproductive functions. This review will address nesfatin, focusing on its discovery and designation, biochemical structure, scientific evidence of its anorexigenic character, the results of the human and animal studies until the present day, its main biochemical and physiological effects, and its possible clinical applications. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
What are the risks of the assisted reproductive technologies (ART) and how can they be minimized?; Although assisted reproductive technologies (ART) have become established procedures performed around the world, there are still many unanswered questions regarding safety. Possible risks associated with infertility and ART include (1) those inherent to pregnancy, delivery, and childhood; (2) those associated with the infertility itself and its causes; and (3) risks iatrogenic to ART. Although there are many potential risks associated with ART, it has become clear that the major risk is multiple pregnancy and its consequences. Major efforts are warranted to reduce the risk of multiple gestations with IVF, but it is also clear that single-embryo transfer is not the solution in all cases. Moreover, several studies have now documented that perinatal outcomes are somewhat poorer in IVF singleton infants than in spontaneously conceived singletons, but it is not clear if this increased risk is due to the ART or the infertility. Concerns about the impact of abnormalities in genomic imprinting persist at this time, as do risks associated with the culture conditions and even our environment. Only time will tell if children born following ART are at any increased risk of developing certain chronic diseases as they age. In any case, the risks to IVF children and mothers are likely to remain higher than those for children and mothers conceived spontaneously without medical assistance. However, since there have been over 5 million births after ART worldwide, and the vast majority of pregnancies and children have been essentially "normal", it is obvious that any excess risk must be relatively small. The normality of most pregnancies mandates that extreme care be exercised in making any changes to current practice. © 2013 Japan Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Association between delivery of a small-for-gestational-age neonate and long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity; Objective To investigate whether delivering a small-for-gestational-age (SGA) newborn is a risk factor for subsequent long-term maternal cardiovascular morbidity. Methods Data were analyzed from consecutive pregnant women who delivered at Soroka University Medical Center, Beer-Sheva, Israel, between 1988 and 1999, and were followed-up retrospectively until 2010. Long-term cardiovascular morbidity was compared among women with and without SGA neonates. Results During the study period, 47 612 deliveries met the inclusion criteria, and 4411 (9.3%) women delivered an SGA neonate. Delivery of an SGA neonate was a risk factor for long-term complex cardiovascular events, including congestive heart failure, hypertensive heart and kidney disease, and acute cor pulmonale (odds ratio [OR], 2.3; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.3-4.4; P = 0.006); and long-term cardiovascular mortality (OR, 3.4; 95% CI, 1.5-7.6; P = 0.006). Women who delivered an SGA neonate had a significantly higher risk for cardiovascular mortality during the follow-up period (Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, P = 0.002). Delivery of an SGA neonate remained an independent risk factor for long-term maternal cardiovascular mortality (Cox multivariable regression: adjusted hazard ratio, 3.5; 95% CI, 1.5-8.2; P = 0.004). Conclusion Delivery of an SGA neonate is an independent risk factor for long-term cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than 10 years. © 2013 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
An analysis of the indications for cesarean section in a teaching hospital in China; Objectives: Cesarean delivery rates have increased remarkably worldwide. The indications for this increase are not fully understood and there may be regional, ethnic or health system differences in quoted indications which may explain, at least in part, the observed changes. In 2008 China was cited as having one of the highest rates of cesarean delivery in the world, but there was no accurate information about the indications for the high rate. This study sought to provide some information about the high cesarean section rate in China. Study design: Data on all births in a university teaching hospital in northern China serving a general obstetric population, excluding premature births, were collected from the hospital database from January 2009 to September 2012. All indications on the mode of delivery were analyzed for live births. Results: There were 5267 births and the cesarean delivery rate was 41.4% in the study period. There was no significant trend in the cesarean delivery rate from 2009 to 2012. Fetal indications contributed most to the rate. More than 50% of all cesarean deliveries were due to nuchal cord, previous cesarean delivery, fetal distress and malpresentation. The rate of cesarean delivery on maternal request was 9.07%. Smaller contributions to the indications for cesarean delivery came from cephalopelvic disproportion, preeclampsia, prolonged labor, uterine rupture and other obstetric conditions. Conclusion: The data show increased fetal or maternal risk assessments are the main indications for cesarean delivery rather than cesarean delivery on maternal request in China. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Both low birthweight and high birthweight are associated with cognitive impairment in persons with schizophrenia and their first-degree relatives.; Both low birthweight and high birthweight have been associated with an increased risk for schizophrenia and cognitive impairments in the general population. We assessed the association between birthweight and cognitive performance in persons with schizophrenia and their unaffected first-degree relatives. We investigated a population-based family sample comprising persons with schizophrenia (n = 142) and their unaffected first-degree relatives (n = 277). Both patients and relatives were interviewed with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders, Clinician Version (SCID-CV) and a comprehensive neuropsychological test battery was administered. Information on birthweight was obtained from obstetric records. We used generalized estimating equation (GEE) models to investigate the effect of birthweight, as a continuous variable, on cognitive functioning, adjusting for within-family correlation and relevant covariates. Both low birthweight and high birthweight were associated with lower performance in visuospatial reasoning, processing speed, set-shifting and verbal and visual working memory among persons with schizophrenia and their unaffected first-degree relatives compared to individuals with birthweight in the intermediate range. The group × birthweight interactions were non-significant. Both low birthweight and high birthweight are associated with deficits in cognition later in life. Schizophrenia does not seem to modify the relationship between birthweight and cognition in families with schizophrenia.
[Anesthetic aspects of the problem of morbid obesity in pregnancy]; The prevalence of morbid obesity has been grown at a very heart rate in developed countries during the last decades. Over-weight pregnant women make up a group of risk of such serious complications as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, increased frequency of Cesarean sections, and uterine inertia. Morbid obesity creates problems in anesthetic support. Obesity is associated with many physiological changes that compromise the adaptive ability in pregnant and delivering women. This review describes clinical and functional peculiarities of pregnancy, labor, and perioperative period in women with morbid obesity. Main physiological changes in these patients are described. Clinical aspects of the problem of practical significance for obstetricians/anesthetists are discussed.
Fetal malnutrition and long-term outcomes; Epidemiological studies have shown that lower birthweight is associated with a wide range of adverse outcomes in later life, including poorer 'human capital' (shorter stature, lower cognitive performance), increased risk factors for later disease (higher blood pressure and reduced glucose tolerance, and lung, kidney and immune function), clinical disease (diabetes, coronary heart disease, chronic lung and kidney disease), and increased all-cause and cardiovascular mortality. Higher birthweight is associated with an increased risk of cancer and (if caused by gestational diabetes) obesity and diabetes. The 'developmental origins of health and disease' hypothesis proposes that fetal nutrition has permanent effects on growth, structure and metabolism ('programming'). This is supported by studies in animals showing that maternal under- and overnutrition during pregnancy can produce similar abnormalities in the adult offspring. Common chronic diseases could potentially be prevented by achieving optimal fetal nutrition, and this could have additional benefits for survival and human capital. Recent follow-up of children born after randomized nutritional interventions in pregnancy provides weak evidence of beneficial effects on growth, vascular function, lipid concentrations, glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Animal studies indicate that epigenetic phenomena may be an important mechanism underlying programming, and that nutritional interventions may need to start preconceptionally.
Cardiovascular complications in infants of diabetic mothers: An observational study in a pediatric cardiology clinic in Tehran; Background: Despite improvements in medical care provided during pregnancy to diabetic mothers, the cardiac complications in their infants are still more frequent than in the infants of general population. Objectives: The primary objective of this study was to explore the spectrum of cardiovascular complications in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). The study was also aimed at investigating probable relations between infants' heart lesions, the type of maternal diabetes, and the neonatal somatic data. Patients and Methods: Between July 2010 to June 2011, two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler echocardiography evaluations were performed in IDMs at the out-patient clinic of the pediatric cardiology ward of a University hospital in Tehran. Results: A total of 32 IDMs (18 male and14 female) were studied. Congenital heart disease (CHD) was found in 6 (18.7%) neonates and 3 of them suffered from conotruncal malformations. Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) was observed in 15(46.9%) cases. There were 22 (68.8%) large for gestational age (LGA) infants. Gestational diabetes was found in 21(65.6%) mothers. We did not find a significant relation between the types of maternal diabetes and the frequency of CHD (P = 0.9), and the frequency of HCM in their infants (P = 0.9). Also a significant relation could not be found between LGA and the rate of CHD (P = 0.6) or the rate of HCM (P = 0.4). Conclusions: Our data showed a high prevalence of CHD in IDMs in our pediatric cardiology clinic. Neither the types of maternal diabetes nor the somatic findings of newborns were related to the occurrence of cardiac complications.
Metformin revisited - an 'old' drug with a 'new' beginning; Acting as a weak activator of AMP-activated protein kinase, metformin has established itself as a cost-effective first line agent in the management of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Besides slowing progression to this condition, its use is associated with improved survival and lower rates of myocardial infarction in T2DM, as well as benefits in stable patients with heart failure. Metformin may play a valuable role in early nephropathy, non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and as adjunct therapy in type 1 diabetes. It is increasingly advocated in patients with gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome. Its role as an anti-cancer agent remains controversial.
The impact of multiparity on peripartum and cardiovascular outcomes in women with repaired tetralogy of Fallot; OBJECTIVE: Little data exist on multiparity in women with repaired tetralogy of Fallot (ToF). An uncomplicated first pregnancy is often considered a good prognostic indicator for future pregnancies. We assessed the impact of number of pregnancies on peripartum and long-term cardiac outcomes in this group of patients. STUDY DESIGN: Obstetric and cardiac data on women cared for at a tertiary institution over a 10-year period were analyzed. Pre-, peri-and post-partum echocardiographic studies were reviewed. The relationship between clinical variables and peripartum and cardiovascular outcomes was sought. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the impact of multiparity on a composite long-term adverse outcome defined as death, heart failure, or unanticipated cardiac surgery. RESULTS: There were 94 pregnancies (median 3.0 [1-10]) in 32 women resulting in 79 live births. All women except 1 were NYHA class I at onset of pregnancy. Forty (38/94) percent of pregnancies occurred in women with an RV to pulmonary artery (PA) conduit in place. Progressive valvar obstruction or insufficiency occurred in 23% & 55%, respectively. Cardiac complications occurred in 24 (25%) pregnancies including new onset heart failure (CHF) in 21, pulmonary emboli in 5, endocarditis in 1, and new arrhythmias in 9. Absence of complications with initial pregnancy did not correlate with risk with future pregnancies (r=0.3, p =NS). Obstetrical complications included preeclampsia in 6, gestational diabetes in 2 and PPROM in 2. Premature delivery occurred in 15 (19%), neonatal heart disease in 5 (6%), and perinatal death in 4 (5%). Long-term adverse outcome occurredin 15/32 (47%) women. Each subsequent delivery increased the odds of a composite adverse long-term outcome 4-fold despite adjustment for BMI and age at first pregnancy (OR 4.02, 95% CI 1.22,13.21). CONCLUSION: Women with repaired ToF often deliver preterm. Peripartum CHF is common. Multiparity appears to increase the risk of long-term adverse cardiac outcomes.
The distribution of fetal cardiac structural malformations in women with and without diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To compare the distribution of prenatally-diagnosed fetal cardiac malformations (FCM) in women with pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (DM) compared to those women whose FCM was not associated with diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective study from a single tertiary care center. Targeted ultrasound and fetal echocardiography was performed by maternal-fetal medicine fellows and faculty. Ultrasound reports containing the diagnosis of FCM were identified and medical records reviewed. Cases where FCM was associated with aneuploidy or other chromosomal aberrations were excluded. Each case of FCM was placed into one of 5 Classes depending on the pathogenetic mechanism of malformation as follows: Class I, Tissue Migration Abnormalities; Class II, Abnormal Intracardiac Blood Flow; Class III, Cell Death Abnormalities; Class IV, Extracellular Matrix Abnormalities; and Class V, Looping and Situs Defects. Statistics included Pearson chi2, Fisher's Exact, and one-way ANOVA, a P value < .05 was considered significant. RESULTS: From January 2002-December 2011 there were 147 patients with prenatal diagnosis of FCM. Of these, 25 (17%) had DM and 122 (83%) did not. Mean maternal age did not significantly differ between the groups (DM 26.0y + 6.1; No DM 25.1y + 6.2; p .486). The racial composition of the groups was also similar (DM 55% AA; No DM 66% AA; p .229). There was statistically significant difference between the groups for Class I, II, and IV FCM (Table). CONCLUSION: There are statistically significant differences in the distribution of FCM between patients who have DM and those who do not. With regard to FCM, fuel-mediated teratogenesis produces an overabundance of lesions from Tissue-Migration abnormalities (Class I) and Extracellular-matrix abnormalities (Class IV) while producing fewer cases where Abnormal Intracardiac blood flow (Class II) is the causative factor. (Table Presented).
Postpartum dyslipidemia is highly prevalent in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of dyslipidemia in postpartum women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the impact of Body Mass Index (BMI) on the presence of dyslipidemia. STUDY DESIGN: A prospective cohort study comprising patients diagnosed with GDM was performed. A fasting lipid profile was analyzed at 6 weeks postpartum. Dyslipidemia was defined as having at least one of the following: raised total cholesterol, raised low-density lipoprotein (LDL), decreased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) or raised triglycerides. The prevalence of dyslipidemia was compared across BMI categories. RESULTS: Of 82 patients participating in the study 63.4% (52/82) had an abnormal fasting lipid profile at 6 weeks postpartum. The average age of the study population was 33.0 years. The prevalence of dyslipidemia increased significantly with increasing BMI from 50% in women with a normal BMI to 89% in those with class II-III obesity (p=0.03, OR: 1.78). Raised total cholesterol and raised LDL were the most common forms of dyslipidemia occurring in 56% and 41% of the population respectively. CONCLUSION: Women diagnosed with GDM are at high risk of dyslipidemia. This risk increases with increasing BMI category. Other studies have shown that women with GDM have an increased risk of developing type II diabetes mellitus and an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease independent of type II diabetes mellitus. Dyslipidemia, an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease, is already highly prevalent in women with GDM at a young age. Awareness of, and investigation for, this potentially modifiable risk factor is important. All patients with GDM should have a fasting lipid profile performed postnatally as well as a full assessment of cardiovascular risk.
High incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and cardiac dysfunction in fetuses of diabetic mothers; OBJECTIVE: To prospectively evaluate the risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) and cardiac dysfunction in fetuses of women with Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and determine if elevated maternal levels of cardiac mitogen, insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I), confer increased risk. STUDY DESIGN: Participating women with DM underwent a fetal echocardiogram at 36 weeks gestation by a pediatric cardiologist blinded to glycemic control. HCM was defined as septal or free wall thickness of > 5mm and cardiac dysfunction as a modified myocardial performance index (MPI) >.43 (Van Mieghem, 2009). Maternal serum IGF-I levels were measured with ELISA. RESULTS: 32 (of 100 planned) participants underwent fetal echocardiography. The average age was 33 years, 31% were nulliparous, and 28% privately insured. On average, prenatal care was initiated at 11 weeks with an HgbA1C of 6.7% (range 5-10.5%). 72% had Type 2 DM. The cesarean delivery rate was 60%; the average gestational age at delivery was 38.6 with a mean birthweight of 3778g. 28% of infants were > 4000g. Only 12 (37%) fetuses had normal echocardiograms. 7(22%) had HCM, 9 (28%) had dysfunction and 4(13%) had both. Among normal fetuses, mean maternal IGF-I was 0.48 ± .26 ng/ml compared to 0.69 ± .38 ng/ml for those with HCM and 0.77 ± .42 ng/ml with dysfunction and 0.93 ± .41 ng/ml for those with both (ANOVA, p>0.05.). Planned follow-up neonatal echocardiogram at 2 days of life demonstrated continued HCM in 5/13 (38%) and other cardiac anomalies (VSD, pulmonary hypertension) in 3 infants. There were no significant differences in maternal glycemic control, BMI, weight gain, birthweight, neonatal hypoglycemia, RDS or macroso-mia in those with normal versus abnormal fetal echocardiograms. CONCLUSION: HCM and cardiac dysfunction ascertained in the late third trimester occur frequently in fetuses of diabetic women and do not appear to correlate with maternal glycemic control. Elevated maternal IGF-I may be associated with concomitant dysfunction and hypertrophy.
Delivery outcomes of large for gestational age (LGA) infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs); OBJECTIVE: To evaluate delivery outcomes of LGA infants of IDMs. STUDY DESIGN: Observational study (2008-11) of all LGA infants (birthweight >90th% for GA) delivered to 144 mothers with pregestational diabetes (PGDM) and 157 mothers with GDM. Major malformations and GA <34 w pts were excluded. Primary outcome of interest was shoulder dystocia (SD) and associated morbidity. RESULTS: A total of 301 births were identified. 104 women (34.6%) delivered via repeat cesarean delivery (CD) while 106 (35.2%) women underwent a primary CD (67formacrosomia, 13 for FTP, 8 for breech presentation, 10 for nonreassuring fetal heart rate status, 8 other). A total of 91 women (30.2%) delivered vaginally, with 20 cases complicated by shoulder dystocia (22% of vaginal deliveries). No cases of brachial plexus injury or humeral/clavicular fracture occurred. Other neonatal morbidities included RDS/TTNB (55%), late preterm birth (35% of PGDMs and 24% of GDMs), 5 minute Apgar <6 (9 patients, 2 with severe depression), and neonatal hypoglycemia (Glc values <40 mg/dl, affected 68 pts once and 49 others at least twice). NICU admission occurred in 81% of PGDMs and 35% of GDMs, but 75% of these admissions were <48 hours in duration, usually for the indication of blood sugar monitoring. CONCLUSION: We confirm a high frequency of SD in LGA IDMs delivered vaginally. Despite selection of a high proportion of cases for primary CD, SD occurred in 22% of all vaginal deliveries. A liberal approach to CD with suspected macrosomia in diabetic pregnancy cannot prevent all cases of SD in this high risk population. (Table Presented).
Gestational diabetes induces fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a rat model; OBJECTIVE: Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a well-described and potentially life- threatening fetal cardiac anomaly thought to be related to maternal diabetes. In rodent models, uncontrolled maternal gestational diabetes results in poor obstetric outcomes including restriction of fetal cardiac growth (Reinking, 2009). As uncontrolled maternal diabetes does not reflect current obstetric practice, the aim of this study is to determine if moderately controlled gestational diabetes induces fetal HCM in a rat model. STUDY DESIGN: Timed pregnant Sprague-Dawley rats were treated with streptozotocin on day 12 (midgestation) to induce gestational diabetes mellitus (DM group). Control rats (C) received insulin injections. DM rats received twice daily insulin injections to maintain blood glucose at 200-400 mg/dl while C rats received saline. Rats were harvested on day 19 (term). A distribution curve of the heart:body weight ratio was created for the C fetuses and HCM was defined as a heart:body weight ratio of > 95th percentile. RESULTS: As displayed in Table, the DM rats (n = 7) had significantly higher morning and evening glucose levels compared to C (n = 8). The DM fetuses (n = 82) had significantly higher heart, body and heart: body weight ratios compared to C fetuses (n = 72). Notably, 0/72 C fetuses had HCM versus 12/82 (15%, P<0.001) of the DM fetuses. CONCLUSION: Moderately controlled gestational DM induces fetal HCM in a rat model. This compelling animal model provides an exciting platform to elucidate the role of potential cardiac mitogens in the pathogenesis of diabetes-induced fetal HCM. (Table Presented).
The association between gestational diabetes mellitus and long term maternal cardiovascular morbidity in a follow-up period of more than a decade; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether a diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for subsequent long-term cardiovascular morbidity. STUDY DESIGN: A population-based study comparing consecutive pregnancies ofwomen with and withoutadiagnosisofGDM (with no prior cardiovascular diseases) was conducted. Deliveries occurred during the years 1988-1999 and had a follow up until 2010. Incidence of long-term cardiovascular hospitalizations and morbidity was compared between women with GDM and women who gave birth at the same period with no GDM. Multiple logistic regression models were constructed to control for confounders. RESULTS: During the study period there were 47909 deliveries who met the inclusion criteria; 4928 (10.3%) occurred in patients who were diagnosed with GDM. During a follow-up period of more than ten years, as compared with women who gave birth at the same time period, patients with GDM had higher rates of cardiovascular morbidity including cardiac invasive and non invasive diagnostic procedures, simple as well as complex cardiovascular events, and hospitalizations due to cardiovascular causes (table). Using multivariate logistic regression models, controlling for maternal age and ethnicity, GDM remained an independent risk factor for both, maternal long-term cardiovascular simple events (adjusted OR= 2.7; 95% CI-2.4-3, P < 0.001) and cardiovascular hospitalizations (adjusted OR= 2.3; 95% CI-2-2.5, P < 0.001). CONCLUSION: Gestational diabetes mellitus is an independent risk factor for long term cardiovascular complications and for hospitalization due to a cardiovascular cause. (Table Presented).
Umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants born at G/= 30 weeks gestational age; Purpose of Study: Umbilical cord blood gas analysis provides an objective method to assess the fetal gas exchange and metabolic state at birth. There is abundant literature demonstrating the relationship between umbilical cord blood gases and adverse neonatal neurologic outcome but few studies focusing on respiratory outcomes. Our objective was to define the relationship between umbilical cord blood gases and neonatal respiratory outcome among premature infants G/= 30 weeks gestational age (GA). We hypothesize that those premature infants, defined as less than or equal to 30 weeks gestational age, with early blood gas values of lower pH, PaO2 and higher PaCO2 values will have prolonged NICU stays with a greater need for respiratory support. Methods Used: An electronic database and manual chart review of all babies born at G/= 30 weeks GA at Scripps Hospital between 2006-2009, was conducted using search terms related to NICU admission and prematurity.We excluded patients with complex multi organ or cardiac disease. The data collection included: first umbilical cord blood gases, maternal history, pregnancy, labor, delivery and NICU outcome parameters. The statistical methods included fisher exact test and chi square analysis as appropriate, and significance was defined as a p value<0.05. Summary of Results: Based on rigorous chart review, we identified 30 high risk patients for our analysis. There was no significant difference when comparing different gradients of pH (7.0, 7.1, 7.2, 7.3) with length of NICU stay (14d, 21d, 30d, 50d), length of oxygen requirement (7d, 14d, 21d), presence of maternal diabetes or maternal bleeding, and Apgar scores at five minutes. Conclusions: We conclude that based on our findings that there was no direct correlation between pH and indicators of respiratory outcome in the NICU. Our study suggests that despite premature delivery, the initial pH obtained on cord blood gas analysis was not significantly associated with neonatal respiratory course. The importance of early umbilical cord gas exchange on long term premature infant respiratory outcomes remains to be determined, and further studies are required to delineate this relationship.
Impaired redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in pregnancy-associated diseases; Fetal exposure to pre-eclampsia (PE) and gestational diabetes (GDM) in utero is strongly associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease and insulin resistance in later life, and accumulating evidence suggests this may be a consequence of fetal programming.1 Notably, offspring of mothers with PE or GDM exhibit elevated blood pressure and reduced endothelium-dependent reactivity. We previously reported abnormal NO production, insulin resistance and reduced cell proliferation in fetal umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) from GDM pregnancies,2,3 and in studies with fetal cells from PE pregnancies identified abnormalities in NO production and regulation of [Ca2+]i.4,5 These phenotypic changes are maintained during culture, highlighting the involvement of fetal programming and epigenetic influences. As in PE and GDM, placental oxidative stress is propagated to the maternal and fetal vasculature via circulating lipid peroxides and H2O2, we hypothesised that sustained oxidative stress in the fetal vasculature impairs endogenous antioxidant defences. We have recently established that activation of the redox sensitive transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2)6 and its downstream target antioxidant enzymes is markedly inhibited in HUVEC from PE or GDM pregnancies. Both cell types exhibited marked deficits in glutathione synthesis, increased basal mitochondrial superoxide production, reduced nuclear translocation of Nrf2, and diminished adaptive increases in the expression of the Nrf2 target genes heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) and/or NAD(P)H quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) in response to the lipid peroxidation product 4-hydroxynonenal. A proteomic analysis of normal and GDM HUVEC confirmed the altered GDM phenotype, characterised by markers of increased oxidative stress, reduced antioxidant protection and reduced cell proliferation. The altered phenotype of fetal endothelial cells derived from PE and GDM pregnancies may well contribute to the increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in childhood and adulthood.
Impaired NRF2 mediated redox signaling in fetal endothelial cells in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is characterized by hyperglycemia and/or impaired glucose tolerance and affects 2-7% of pregnancies, with both the mother and offspring of GDM pregnancies having an increased susceptibility for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. A suboptimal intrauterine environment can expose the developing fetus to enhanced oxidative stress resulting in fetal programming. We have previously shown that GDM impairs antioxidant defences mediated by the redox sensitive transcription factor nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) transcription factor (Cheng et al., 2011). Our ongoing work has established that Nrf2 mediated upregulation of protective genes such as heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) and NAD(P)H: quinone oxidoreductase 1 (NQO1) is significantly impaired in fetal umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) from GDM pregnancies. In the present study, we examined whether the dietary isothiocyanate sulforaphane, a known electrophilic inducer of the Nrf2, modulates antioxidant stress protein expression differentially in HUVEC from normal and GDM pregnancies. Cells were treated with sulforaphane (2.5μM) for 0-24h, and cell lysates immunoblotted for HO-1 and NQO1 and mRNA levels determined by qRT-PCR. Basal levels of HO-1 and NQO1 mRNA and protein expression were lower in GDM HUVEC, however sulforaphane significantly upregulated mRNA (4h) and protein (12h and 24h) levels. Our findings suggest that compromised antioxidant defences in GDM resulting from fetal programming during development, may be rescued by sulforaphane. We hypothesize that pre-treatment of pregnant women with sulforaphane may potentially maintain antioxidant defences and thereby delay the onset and consequences of GDM.
The conundrum of birth weight in well-controlled GDM: Relationship with maternal BMI, weight gain and glycemic status at diagnosis; Introduction: Ensuring an uncomplicated pregnancy, delivery and a healthy child in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the combined responsibility of obstetricians, physicians and pediatricians. The importance of adequate birth weight in avoiding complications cannot be overemphasized. In this retrospective study we have attempted to find a relationship of birth weight with maternal pre-pregnancy weight, weight gain during pregnancy and maternal glucose intolerance. Objective: To evaluate the relationship of birth weight with maternal pre-pregnancy BMI, change in BMI at 24-28 weeks (ΔBMI@GCT) and total change in BMI (ΔBMI@TERM). Methods: We performed a retrospective analysis on 109 pregnant women with GDM diagnosed using 3-hour 100 g oral glucose tolerance test (GTT) with at least two abnormal values. Pre-pregnancy BMI was ascertained from antenatal records along with total weight gain, weight gain until glucose challenge test (GCT) at 28 weeks, oral GTT values, and changes in BMI during the course of pregnancy were also recorded. Thirty-seven cases were excluded due to non-availability of pre-pregnancy weight or poor glycemic control (HbA1c >6.5% at 34-36 weeks) and remaining 72 cases were analyzed using IBM SPSS® v20.0. Results: There was a highly significant correlation between birth weight and ΔBMI@GCT (Pearson correlation R=0.681, p<0.001), ΔBMI@TERM (Pearson correlation R=0.563, p<0.01) and GTT value at 1 hour (Pearson correlation R=0.568, p<0.01), while was there was positive insignificant correlation with maternal age, GCT, other GTT values and gestational age at delivery. By multiple regression analysis, it was found that birth weight = 2462.7 + 144.7 (ΔBMI@GCT) grams. Conclusion: In well-controlled GDM, birth weight has a more significant relationship with change in BMI at GDM diagnosis than at term.
The comparsion of glucose-6-phos-phate dehydrogenase level between preeclamp-tic postpartum mothers and the healthy post-partum mothers in Alzahra hospital in rasht, 2011- 2012; Background: Preeclampsia has high prevalence and important complication. The relationship between Glucose-6-Phosphate Dehydrogenas (G6PD) and preec-lampsia are expressed previously but their relationships are controversial yet. Some studies confirm this possibility and some others dismiss it. So we decided to examine the relationship between G6PD activity and preec-lampsia although it is not denoted this test as clinically useful predictor for preeclampsia. Materials and Methods: In this case-control study, women with gestational age more than 20 weeks with or without preeclampsia admitted to Al-Zahra Hospital were included. Exclusion criteria were gestational diabetes mellitus, history of diabetes, chronic hypertension, use of any particular drug during pregnancy, thyroid disease, history of high fever in pregnancy, RH-negative blood group, more than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, body mass index more than 35, vasculopathy, antiphos-pholipid antibody syndrome and all factors affecting on G6PD enzyme levels. Demographic variables and levels of G6PD enzyme, hemoglobin, red blood cells and re-ticulocytes were assessed. Then statistical analysis was done with SPSS. Results: In this study, 115 women with a mean age of 28.4 ± 5.4 years were studied. They divided in two groups: 58 postpartum women with preeclampsia and 57postpartum women without preeclampsia. Two groups were matched in age, gestational age, gravidity, hemoglobin and red blood cell level. The G6PD enzyme levels (p=0.0001) and reticulocyte levels (p=0.005) were significantly lower in women with preeclampsia. Conclusion: This study showed that G6PD enzyme and reticulocythe levels were significantly lower in women with preeclampsia. The result of previous studies were inconsistent with others. Therefore, it is suggested to survey further studies with larger sample to find exact relationship between G6PD and preeclampsia.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implementation of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. Furthermore, education, income and psychosocial factors relate to development of obesity and diabetes differently in men and women. Males appear to be at greater risk of diabetes at younger age and at lower BMI compared to women, but women feature a dramatic increase of their cardiometabolic risk after menopause. The estimated future years of life lost owing to diabetes is somewhat higher in women than men, with higher increase of vascular death in women, but higher increase of cancer death in men. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (3-6 times compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (2-3 times compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active, but may even have greater benefit from increased physical activity than males. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS or increased androgen levels in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) or decreased testosterone levels in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Wien.
Association of serum amyloid A with subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes; The aim of our study was to evaluate serum amyloid A (SAA), an acute phase reactant, and carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) as a valid predictor of atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Serum samples from 39 pregnant women with GDM and 25 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of SAA. CIMT was measured in both groups to evaluate future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. The SAA level was measured with ELISA. The mean arterial blood pressure (MABP), CIMT and SAA levels were significantly higher in women with GDM compared with healthy pregnant controls (p = 0.033, p = 0.001 and p = 0.004, respectively). There were significant correlations between SAA and age, BMI, MABP, 50-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and A1c (p = 0.048, p = 0.037, p = 0.035, p = 0.042 and p = 0.048, respectively) and between CIMT and BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT, (p = 0.001, p = 0.004 and p < 0.001, respectively) in correlation analysis. Furthermore, there was a correlation between SAA and CIMT (p = 0.048). Increased SAA and CIMT values in GDM compared with healthy controls might indicate an increased risk of subclinical atherosclerosis and future atherosclerotic heart disease and the importance of inflammation in this process. These changes were associated with obesity, hypertension and glucose intolerance-related factors (BMI, MABP, and 50-g OGTT), which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Impact of maternal diabetes on epigenetic modifications leading to diseases in the offspring; Gestational diabetes, occurring during the hyperglycemic period of pregnancy in maternal life, is a pathologic state that increases the incidence of complications in both mother and fetus. Offspring thus exposed to an adverse fetal and early postnatal environment may manifest increased susceptibility to a number of chronic diseases later in life. Compelling evidence for the role of epigenetic transmission in these complications has come from comparison of siblings born before and after the development of maternal diabetes, exposure to this intrauterine diabetic environment being shown to cause alterations in fetal growth patterns which predispose these infants to developing overweight and obesity later in life. Diabetes of the offspring is also mainly the consequence of exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment, in addition to genetic susceptibility. Since obesity and diabetes are known to increase the risk of cardiovascular disease, cardiovascular sequelae in the offspring of diabetic mothers are virtually inevitable. Research data also suggest that exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment during pregnancy is associated with an increase in dyslipidemia, subclinical vascular inflammation, and endothelial dysfunction processes in the offspring, all of which are linked with development of cardiovascular disease later in life. The main underlying mechanisms involve persistent hyperglycemia hyperinsulinemia and leptin resistance. © 2012 Nikolaos Vrachnis et al.
Increased carotid artery intima-media thickness in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Pregnant women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus are at increased risk of progressive carotid artery disorders. The current study evaluated carotid intima-media thickness (IMT) in pregnant women with gestational diabetes at two time points of mid-term and full-term pregnancy to determine whether gestational diabetes mellitus causes increased IMT. Methods: This cross-sectional study carried out at Afzalipour Hospital (Kerman, Iran) between 2009 and 2010, recruited 50 women who were at high risk of gestational diabetes during pregnancy and had an oral glucose challenge test (OGCT) as screening for gestational diabetes. B-mode ultrasound scans were performed at baseline and at two time points of midterm pregnancy (20 to 24 weeks) and full-term pregnancy (36 to 38 weeks) on all the participants. The mean IMT of common carotids and internal carotid arteries from two walls (near and far walls) at four different angles was assessed. Results: An overall comparison between the impaired OGCT test group and the control group revealed significant differences in carotid IMT in the mid-term (0.65 ± 0.07 vs. 0.59 ± 0.06 mm; p value = 0.002) and full-term (0.65 ± 0.05 vs. 0.59 ± 0.04 mm; p value < 0.001) pregnancy; however, the trend of the changes in carotid IMT during mid to full-term pregnancy was insignificant in each group (p value > 0.05). Conclusion: Carotid IMT was significantly higher in the women with gestational diabetes than that in the normoglycemic group in different trimesters. This finding denotes that atherosclerosis might start years before the diagnosis of gestational diabetes in vulnerable women.
Early life influences on cardio-metabolic disease risk in aboriginal populations-what is the evidence? A systematic review of longitudinal and case-control studies; Background: We systematically reviewed the published evidence for the developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis among aboriginal populations from Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the USA. Methods: Medline, EMBASE and the Informit Health databases were systematically searched (March 2012) using medical subject headings and keywords for studies that examined the effect of prenatal factors and birth outcomes on later life (≤3 years) cardio-metabolic diseases. Quality of studies was independently assessed by two reviewers using a risk of bias assessment tool; main findings from studies with a low to moderate risk of bias were summarised qualitatively. Results: In all, 844 studies were found; 50 were included in the review of which 41 had a low-moderate risk of bias. There was strong evidence for an association between birth weight and type 2 diabetes (6/7 studies), impaired kidney function (6/7 studies) and high blood pressure (5/6 studies), whereas there was limited evidence for an association with metabolic abnormalities (4/7 studies) and adiposity (4/7). Exposure to maternal diabetes was strongly associated with type 2 diabetes (9/10 studies) and metabolic abnormalities (5/7 studies), whereas the association with adiposity was low (3/9 studies); the limited number of studies, to date, also show a relationship with high blood pressure (2/2 studies). Conclusions: This review highlights that interventions to reduce the burden of cardio-metabolic disease among aboriginal populations should focus on improving maternal health, particularly by reducing the prevalence of diabetes in pregnancy. Future research should also be directed towards potential protective actions, such as breastfeeding. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the International Epidemiological Association © The Author 2012; all rights reserved.
Hypertriglyceridaemia-induced pancreatitis: A contributory role of capecitabine?; Capecitabine is an orally administered pro-drug of 5-fluorouracil that confers superior disease-free survival and presumably has a more favourable side-effect profile. Here we report on a patient who developed acute necrotising pancreatitis and very high triglyceride levels as well as hand-foot syndrome after receiving capecitabine for colonic cancer. Increased awareness of this potential side-effect and close monitoring of lipid levels may be warranted, especially in patients who have other conditions predisposing them to severe secondary hyperlipidaemia when using this drug.
Preconception care for women with type 1 and type 2 diabetesdthe same but different; Women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes are at increased risk for spontaneous pregnancy loss and other adverse obstetrical outcomes including congenital anomalies. Most of these risks can be reduced through preconception planning and optimization. Although many of the components of preconception care are essential for both groups of women, there are some important differences between type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Specialized clinics improve outcomes, however, most women do not attend them. A poor relationship with the healthcare provider continues to be a major risk for not receiving prepregnancy care. All healthcare providers need to use effective communication strategies to enhance open dialogue and increase the likelihood of prepregnancy optimization for women with pregestational diabetes. © 2012 Canadian Diabetes Association.
Hyperhomocysteinemia in health and disease: Where we are now, and where do we go from here?; Homocysteine is a sulfur-containing amino acid, which is synthesized from the precursor methionine through a multi-step process, and then reconverted to methionine or catabolyzed into cysteine. The presence of vitamin B9 (folic acid), vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) and vitamin B12 (cobalamin) is essential in homocysteine metabolism, wherein deficiency of one or more of these nutrients is associated with various degree of hyperhomocysteinemia. There is little doubt that hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with several human disorders, such as cardiovascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, pregnancy complications and fractures, so that its measurement might be useful for risk assessment. Nevertheless, several randomized homocysteine-lowering therapy trials have failed to show that supplementation with vitamins B substantially modifies (and - more importantly - improves) the end points and the related outcomes. According to the current state of scientific knowledge, it seems thus reasonable to conclude that lowering homocysteine alone is probably insufficient to mitigate the risk of thromboembolic, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative disorders inasmuch as this bizarre amino acid acts in strict synergy with other probably more powerful risk factors. Several lines of evidence suggest, however, that its measurement may be helpful for identifying subjects at greater risk of disease, who may thus benefit from a more aggressive treatment of other modifiable risk factors, as recently shown by result of the 5-year Fenofibrate Intervention and Event Lowering in Diabetes (FIELD) trial. Copyright © 2012 by Walter de Gruyter.
QT dispersion and electrocardiographic changes in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) represents additional risks to both mother and infant. Moreover it increases a woman's risk of cardiovascular disease in the postpartum. The aim of our study was therefore to detect changes of both the QT dispersion and the electrical heart field that could be typical for GDM. Body surface potential maps were obtained using the Cardiac 112.2 device from 26 young women with GDM and 54 young healthy pregnant women in the 36th week of pregnancy. The same recordings were obtained from 18 healthy women in the same age (19-36 years). The average QT dispersion (±SD) in women suffering from GDM was significantly higher (107±25 ms) both than in those with physiological pregnancy (73±18 ms) and than in the normal subjects (34±12 ms) (P<0.001). Moreover we have found in GDM patients shorter QRS complex 82.0±6.8 ms vs. 89.5±8.2 ms in healthy pregnant women and 90.8±7.9 ms in the control group (p=0.011), more horizontal electrical heart axis [16.4±20.1° vs. 42.4±28.7° and 74.6±39.2° respectively (P<0.05)] and lower some depolarization and repolarization amplitudes on isopotential and isointegral maps. According to these results we suppose that described electrocardiographic changes reflect a deterioration of the complete process of ventricular depolarization and repolarization in GDM. © 2012 Institute of Physiology v.v.i.
Regulation of nutrient transport across the placenta.; Abnormal fetal growth, both growth restriction and overgrowth, is associated with perinatal complications and an increased risk of metabolic and cardiovascular disease later in life. Fetal growth is dependent on nutrient availability, which in turn is related to the capacity of the placenta to transport these nutrients. The activity of a range of nutrient transporters has been reported to be decreased in placentas of growth restricted fetuses, whereas at least some studies indicate that placental nutrient transport is upregulated in fetal overgrowth. These findings suggest that changes in placental nutrient transport may directly contribute to the development of abnormal fetal growth. Detailed information on the mechanisms by which placental nutrient transporters are regulated will therefore help us to better understand how important pregnancy complications develop and may provide a foundation for designing novel intervention strategies. In this paper we will focus on recent studies of regulatory mechanisms that modulate placental transport of amino acids, fatty acids, and glucose.
[Short-term and long-term risks for children born from patients with gestational diabetes].; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. A growing body of literature suggests that chronic disease has much of its origins in the fetal response to the intrauterine environment, a concept known as "fetal programming". Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that higher rates of obesity impaired glucose tolerance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia are evident in the offspring of diabetic women. Furthermore, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
The Polish diabetes registry for adults - A pilot study; Background. Over the years 2006-2009 a pilot project of the Polish Diabetes Registry for Adults financed by the Polish Ministry of Health was performed. The objective was to assess outpatient diabetes care a few years after joining the European Union. Material and methods. Questionnaires for randomly enrolled patients were completed by diabetologists in 39 outpatient diabetes centers in different parts of Poland. Data concerning age, sex, BMI, diabetes type and duration, hypoglycemic treatment, glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c), lipids levels, blood pressure (BP), diabetes complications, concomitant diseases and their treatment, and other aspects of medical care were collected. The questionnaires were analysed centrally. Results. Data on 7606 individuals were available: 15.0% with type 1 diabetes (T1DM); 80.9% with type 2 diabetes (T2DM); 1.9% with other types of diabetes; and 2.2% with gestational diabetes. T1DM and T2DM cohorts consisted of 1134 (52.4% women) and 6119 (55.5% women) patients, mean age 40.9 and 63.8 years, mean diabetes duration 14.6 and 9.7 years, respectively. Mean HbA1c for T1DM and T2DM was 7.69 and 7.25%. Lipid parameters for T1DM and T2DM were as followed: mean total cholesterol (TC) 4.84 and 5.06 mmol/l; mean LDL-cholesterol (LDL) 2.73 and 2.90 mmol/l; mean HDL-cholesterol (HDL) 1.58 and 1.30 mmol/l; mean triglycerides (TG) 1.26 and 1.95 mmol/l; mean blood pressure (BP) 127.4//77.7 and 139.8/81.8 mmHg. The following proportion of the patients within target were recorded: for HbA1c (≤ 7.0% and ≤ 6.5%): T1DM 39.4 and 22.6%, T2DM 52.1 and 32.8%; for TC levels (< 4.5 mmol/l): T1DM 40.1%, T2DM 32.6%; for TG levels (< 1.7 mmol/l): T1DM 82.1%, T2DM 53.2%; for BP (< 130/80 mm Hg): T1DM 31.9%, T2DM 12.9%, respectively. Prevalence of microvascular complications among T1DM and T2DM was as followed: retinopathy 38,4 and 23,4%; nephropathy 15,2 and 8,5%; peripheral neuropathy 25.3 and 25.4%; autonomic neuropathy 9,6 and 5,4%. Conclusions. The data show the current quality of diabetes care in Poland, which seems to show some improvement as compared to the DEPAC survey performed at the accession to EU (2004). Nevertheless, the current Registry also indicates that most patients still do not meet the criteria of diabetes control defined by the local and international guidelines. © 2012 Via Medica.
Physical exercise during pregnancy: A systematic review; Purpose of review: This review aims to provide an update on the recent evidence concerning exercise during pregnancy including effects for mother and fetus and the types, frequency, intensity, duration and rate of progression of exercise performed. Recent findings: Exercises during pregnancy are associated with higher cardiorespiratory fitness, prevention of urinary incontinence and low back pain, reduced symptoms of depression, gestational weight gain control, and for cases of gestational diabetes, reduced number of women who required insulin. There is no association with reduction in birth weight or preterm birth rate. The type of exercise shows no difference on results, and its intensity should be mild or moderate for previous sedentary women and moderate to high for active women. The exercise recommendations still are based on the current guidelines on moderate-intensity, low-impact, aerobic exercise at least three times a week. Yet, new guidelines propose increasing weekly physical-activity expenditure while incorporating vigorous exercise and adding light strength training to the exercise routine of healthy pregnant women. In the case of other chronic diseases like hypertension, there are still few data, and therefore more studies should be performed to assess the safety of the intervention. Summary: Physical exercise is beneficial for women during pregnancy and also in the postpartum period; it is not associated with risks for the newborn and can lead to changes in lifestyle that imply long-term benefits. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Morbid obesity in pregnancy: A review; Purpose of review: This article aims to draw together recent thinking on pregnancy and obesity, with a particular emphasis on prevention strategies and emerging clinical complications. Recent findings: New studies including a large meta-analysis have highlighted that weight reduction strategies are not associated with adverse maternal or perinatal outcomes, and there are suggestions that an approach of dietary modification alone may be associated with reduction in gestational weight gain. These findings are critically discussed with reference to future planned trials. New literature regarding hitherto under-reported complications of obesity in pregnancy such as ischaemic heart disease, schizophrenia and sleep disorders is highlighted. Summary: There will be a need to focus on obesity prevention in the pregnant population as resources will not be adequate to the increasing incidence of the problem. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Quantifying the risk of protamine allergy: The implications for patients undergoing cardiovascular surgery; Background Protamine is a polypeptide extracted from salmon milt and is used during cardiac and vascular surgery to reverse heparin. It is also used in insulin preparations to retard absorption. Protamine is reported as one of the most common causes of life threatening adverse reactions during cardiac surgery. We report 2 cases that illustrate pertinent clinical issues in the management of potential protamine allergy. Case 1 DB, a 42 years-old woman, required coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). Due to a prior history of type I hypersensitivity to salmon and shellfish, and insulin treatment for gestational diabetes, she was referred for allergy testing to protamine. Skin tests and specific IgE were positive for crustaceans but negative for salmon and protamine. The patient went on to have uneventful surgery. Case 2 RL, a 70 years-old man underwent CABG surgery in June 2011. Past medical history included diabetes mellitus managed with NovoMix insulin (containing protamine). He had no known allergies. 2 mls of IV protamine was administered intra-operatively to reverse heparin anticoagulation. Within minutes the patient suffered cardiovascular collapse, and bronchospasm. Serum tryptase was raised. He went on to make a full recovery. Specific IgE to protamine was negative, however skin prick testing with neat protamine gave a positive result confirming an allergy to this agent. He was subsequently changed to protaminefree insulin. Summary Patients at risk of adverse reactions to protamine are those who are sensitized from prior exposure, with the greatest risk in diabetics who receive protamine-containing insulin (reported rates 2-27% in the medical literature). Fish allergy poses a theoretical increased risk of protamine reactions, however the allergy in this instance is to fish muscle (not testes) and evidence for the association comes from case reports. Skin testing helps to quantify the risk of allergy and aids in pre-operative assessment.
Factors associated with gestational hypertension and preeclampsia; Background: Hypertensive complications in pregnancy are a cause of morbidity and mortality. Previous studies have identified similarities and differences in risk factors of hypertensive complications during pregnancy. Objective: Determine factors associated with gestational hypertension (HTG) and those related to preeclampsia (PEE). Patients and methods: Case-control study. We included women who completed pregnancy without complications (n = 260) and were diagnosed with HTG (n = 65) and PEE (n = 65). We excluded patients with gestational or pre-pregnancy diabetes, thyroid disease (hypo and hyperthyroidism), autoimmune diseases (lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis) or diagnosed with heart disease or neuropathy before pregnancy. Results: There were similarities in the risk factors such as: age over 35 years (OR 8.8, 95% CI 2.91-22.40), previous HTG (OR 64.16 95% CI 13.04-315.57) in case of patients with PEE. But we found a difference in the magnitude of these associations as odds ratios (OR) estimates were higher than in patients with HTG, age over 35 years (OR 3.33, 95% CI 1.03-10.72), and previous HTG (OR 27.27 95% CI 5.60-132.87). First-time pregnant women showed similar associations (OR 3.11 95% CI 1.52-6.38) in case of PEE or HTG (OR 3.14 95% CI 1.65-5.97). Conclusion: There are similarities in risk factors: maternal age ≥ 35 years, previous gestational hypertension and first-time pregnancy, for the development of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia.
Cardiovascular disease risk in the offspring of diabetic women: The impact of the intrauterine environment; The incidence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, exposing large numbers of infants to hyperglycaemia whilst in utero. This exposure may have a long-term negative impact on the cardiovascular health of the offspring. Novel methods to assess cardiovascular status in the neonatal period are now availableincluding measuring arterial intima-media thickness and retinal photography. These measures will allow researchers to assess the relative impact of intrauterine exposures, distinguishing these from genetic or postnatal environmental factors. Understanding the long-term impact of the intrauterine environment should allow the development of more effective health policy and interventions to decrease the future burden of cardiovascular disease. Initiating disease prevention aimed at the developing fetus during the antenatal period may optimise community health outcomes. © 2012 Laura J. Marco et al.
Thrombosis in newborns: Experience from 31 cases; Thrombosis is the result of congenital or acquired prothrombotic risk factors. The incidence of thrombosis in the paediatric population is highest in newborns, as about 10% of thrombotic events occur in the first four weeks of life. Haemostasis in a newborn, though still developing, is a well balanced mechanism. About 90% of all thrombotic events are due to acquired and the rest to congenital risk factors. The aim of our study was to estimate the incidence of thrombosis in a population of Slovenian newborns and to study risk factors, location and treatment of thrombotic events. Inpatient charts of newborns with thrombosis, admitted to a tertiary neonatology centre and paediatric intensive care unit between 2004 and 2011, were studied retrospectively. Family history, location, aetiology and treatment of thrombosis were analysed. Thirty one newborns, 17 boys (54.8%) and 14 girls (45.2%), with 31 thrombotic events were found. There were 17 cases (54.8%) of arterial and 14 cases (45.2%) of venous thrombosis. A family history of thrombophilia was found in two cases (6.5%). Twenty six cases (83.9%) were contributed to acquired risk factors and five (16.1%) to congenital aetiology. Four cases (12.8%) were treated, two with anticoagulation, one with thrombolysis and one with both. The estimated incidence of thrombosis was 0.17 per 1000 live births. Our data showed a higher incidence of thrombosis in Slovenian newborns and a higher incidence of congenital prothrombotic risk factors than in the data published so far.
Conservative management of placenta accreta/increta after vaginal birth; Aim: Aim of the study was to show that conservative management with preservation of the uterus and of fertility is possible in patients with placenta accreta/increta after vaginal delivery. Method: A retrospective analysis of patients with placental attachment disorders after vaginal delivery was done in a perinatal centre between November 2009 and April 2011. The patient collective was identified using the ICD-10 codes for placenta accreta/increta/percreta, and patient records were analysed for risk factors, maternal morbidity, preservation of the uterus and of fertility, and neonatal outcome. Results: Three cases of placenta increta were identified in the last 1.5 years out of a total of 1457 vaginal deliveries, and all 3 cases were treated conservatively. Mean maternal age was 35.3 years; gestational age ranged from 39 to 41 weeks, and mean duration between delivery of the child and delivery of the placenta was 44.67 days (range: 14100 days). Two patients developed symptoms of endomyometritis, including fever, leukocytosis and increased CRP levels. All 3 women were successfully managed with preservation of the uterus. Conclusion: In selected cases with placenta accreta/increta after vaginal delivery, it is possible to avoid surgical procedures, particularly hysterectomy procedures, and successfully manage these patients conservatively with preservation of the uterus. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Pharmacotherapy in pregnancy; Effect of ABC and SLC transporters on drug transport across the placenta and fetal drug exposure; Pharmacotherapy during pregnancy is often inevitable for medical treatment of the mother, the fetus or both. The knowledge of drug transport across placenta is, therefore, an important topic to bear in mind when deciding treatment in pregnant women. Several drug transporters of the ABC and SLC families have been discovered in the placenta, such as P-glycoprotein, breast cancer resistance protein, or organic anion/cation transporters. It is thus evident that the passage of drugs across the placenta can no longer be predicted simply on the basis of their physical-chemical properties. Functional expression of placental drug transporters in the trophoblast and the possibility of drug-drug interactions must be considered to optimize pharmacotherapy during pregnancy. In this review we summarize current knowledge on the expression and function of ABC and SLC transporters in the trophoblast. Furthermore, we put this data into context with medical conditions that require maternal and/or fetal treatment during pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, HIV infection, fetal arrhythmias and epilepsy. Proper understanding of the role of placental transporters should be of great interest not only to clinicians but also to pharmaceutical industry for future drug design and development to control the degree of fetal exposure. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Hormonal contraception in women at risk of vascular and metabolic disorders: Guidelines of the French Society of Endocrinology; Hormonal contraceptive methods are widely used in France, including not only oral estrogen-progestin combinations but also non-oral estrogen-progestin delivery methods (patches, vaginal rings), as well as oral forms, implants and intra-uterine devices that deliver only a progestin. Hormonal contraception has only a modest impact on lipid and carbohydrate metabolism, but estrogen-progestin contraceptives have been linked to a variety of vascular risks. Overall, the risk of venous thrombosis is multiplied by a factor of about 4, depending on age, the compounds used, and other risk factors (including biological thrombophilia and a personal history of thrombosis), whereas the risk of arterial events is only increased in women with risk factors. Available data suggest there is no excess risk with progestin-based contraceptives, but far fewer studies have been conducted. At the initiative of the French Society of Endocrinology, an expert group met in 2010 in order to reach a consensus on the use of hormonal contraceptive methods in women with vascular or metabolic risk factors, based on available data and international guidelines published by WHO in 2009 and subsequently adapted to the United States context. The following text, intentionally limited to hormonal contraception, is intended to serve as a guide when prescribing in specific clinical situations, such as a family or personal history of arterial or venous thromboembolism, or the existence of cardiovascular risk factors (hypertension, smoking, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obesity). © 2012 Published by Elsevier Masson SAS.
Effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes; Background: Exercise may influence glucose metabolism during pregnancy. We examined the effect of exercise intensity and duration on capillary glucose responses in pregnant women at low and high risk for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who followed a modified GDM meal plan. Methods: Randomization occurred at study entry (16-20weeks' gestation) into a low-intensity [30% heart rate reserve, low risk-30%I, n=12; high risk-30%I, n=11] or vigorous-intensity (70% heart rate reserve, low risk-70%I, n=12; R-70%I, n=11) exercise program with similar nutritional control. Exercise consisted of walking three to four times a week, gradually increasing time from 25 to 40min/session. Free-living capillary glucose concentrations were measured once a week pre-exercise and post-exercise. Results: Capillary glucose responses to exercise were strongly influenced by an interaction between GDM risk, exercise duration and exercise intensity (p=0.006). Decreases in glucose concentrations were observed after 25 (4±13%), 35 (21±12%) and 40min (15±18%) of walking in high risk-30%I women, with the most noticeable decline after 35 and 40min. In the high risk-70%I, glucose concentrations decreased significantly only after 25 (22±14%) and 35min (7±23%) and increasing the exercise time attenuated glucose concentrations decline. In low risk women, regardless of exercise intensity and duration, decreases in glucose concentrations were significant and similar. Conclusion: To achieve the best decline in glucose concentrations, pregnant women who follow a modified GDM meal plan should walk for 25min/session at vigorous intensity or for 35-40min/session at low intensity if they are at risk for GDM and for at least 25min at either low or vigorous intensity if they are at low risk for GDM. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Adiponectin in pregnancy: Implications for health and disease; Pregnancy is a unique physiologic state that is associated with profound alterations in maternal metabolic, endocrine, and vascular function, designed to ensure the delivery of appropriate energy and nutrition to the developing fetus. In this context, the role of the fat-derived hormone adiponectin is of interest, particularly in light of emerging recognition of the broad array of physiologic processes upon which this adipokine impacts. Indeed, adiponectin has pleiotropic effects on the regulation of energy homeostasis, systemic inflammation, vascular function, cell growth, and even bone metabolism. Thus, in this review, we consider existing evidence for the physiologic role of adiponectin in human gestation and how this protein may be relevant to two major medical disorders of pregnancy: gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. While studies to date have yielded many conflicting findings pertaining to adiponectin in pregnancy, further investigation in this area is essential. Ultimately, elucidation of adiponectin physiology in the setting of both normal pregnancy and its pathologic conditions may provide unique insight into fundamental processes that are relevant to health and disease in mother and child. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Physiological reactivity to psychological stress in human pregnancy: Current knowledge and future directions; Cardiovascular and neuroendocrine reactivity to acute stress are important predictors of health outcomes in non-pregnant populations. Greater magnitude and duration of physiological responses have been associated with increased risk of hypertensive disorders and diabetes, greater susceptibility to infectious illnesses, suppression of cell-mediated immunity as well as risk for depression and anxiety disorders. Stress reactivity during pregnancy has unique implications for maternal health, birth outcomes, and fetal development. However, as compared to the larger literature, our understanding of the predictors and consequences of exaggerated stress reactivity in pregnancy is limited. This paper reviews the current state of this literature with an emphasis on gaps in knowledge and future directions. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Managing type 1 diabetes mellitus in pregnancy - From planning to breastfeeding; Type 1 diabetes mellitus in pregnant women increases the risk of adverse outcomes for mother and offspring. Careful preconception counselling and screening is important, with particular focus on glycaemic control, indications for antihypertensive therapy, screening for diabetic nephropathy, diabetic retinopathy and thyroid dysfunction, as well as review of other medications. Supplementation with folic acid should be initiated before conception in order to minimize the risk of fetal malformations. Obtaining and maintaining tight control of blood glucose and blood pressure before and during pregnancy is crucial for optimizing outcomes; however, the risk of severe hypoglycaemia during pregnancy is a major obstacle. Although pregnancy does not result in deterioration of kidney function in women with diabetic nephropathy and normal serum creatinine levels, pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and preterm delivery are more frequent in these women than in women with T1DM and normal kidney function. Rapid-acting insulin analogues are considered safe to use in pregnancy and studies on long-acting insulin analogues have provided reassuring results. Immediately after delivery the insulin requirement declines to approximately 60% of the prepregnancy dose, and remains 10% lower than before pregnancy during breastfeeding. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Rate of neonatal weight gain and effects on adult metabolic health; The association of rapid weight gain in early life with increased adiposity and obesity in later life has been established, whereas whether rapid neonatal weight gain predisposes individuals to other risk factors for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus remains controversial. Gain in weight of >0.5 SD scores in the first 3 months of life (described as rapid weight gain) is associated with an unfavourable health profile in adulthood, and keeping weight gain below this threshold could reduce the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases later in life. Weight gain above this threshold is not necessarily unhealthy if the increase is in proportion with the increase in length. As such, regular measurement of both the weight and length of all infants is important. Preterm infants and those who are born small for gestational age are most likely to have rapid weight gain, and are high-risk populations for unfavourable health profiles in adulthood. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Perinatal outcomes associated with obstructive sleep apnea in obese pregnant women; Objective: To investigate the associations between obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) and maternal and neonatal morbidities in a cohort of obese gravid women. Methods: Participants were enrolled in a prospective observational study designed to screen for OSA and describe the possible risk factors for and outcomes of OSA among obese (body mass index [BMI, calculated as weight (kg)/[height (m)]] 30 or higher) pregnant women. Women underwent an overnight sleep study using a portable home monitor. Studies were manually scored by a central masked sleep reading center using American Academy of Sleep Medicine diagnostic criteria. An apnea hypopnea index of 5 or more was considered diagnostic of OSA. Perinatal outcomes were compared between women with and without OSA. Results: Among 175 women, OSA prevalence was 15.4% (13 mild, 9 moderate, 5 severe). Compared with no OSA (apnea hypopnea index less than 5), the OSA group had a higher BMI (46.8±12.2 compared with 38.1±7.5; P=.002) and more chronic hypertension (55.6% compared with 32.4%, P=.02). Maternal complications included maternal death (n=1, amniotic fluid embolus [no OSA group]) and cardiac arrest (n=1, intraoperative at cesarean delivery [OSA group]). One previable birth and two stillbirths occurred in the no OSA group. Among live births, OSA was associated with more frequent cesarean delivery (65.4% compared with 32.8%; P=.003), preeclampsia (42.3% compared with 16.9%; P=.005), and neonatal intensive care unit admission (46.1% compared with 17.8%; P=.002). After controlling for BMI, maternal age, and diabetes, OSA (odds ratio [OR] 3.55, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1-11.3), previous preeclampsia (OR 2.79, 95% CI 1.09-7.19), and hypertension (OR 4.25, 95% CI 1.67-10.77) were associated with development of preeclampsia. Conclusion: Obstructive sleep apnea among obese pregnant women is associated with more frequent preeclampsia, neonatal intensive care unit admissions, and cesarean delivery. © 2012 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The diagnostic and therapeutic role of ultrasound in obstetrics; Since its introduction, the role of ultrasound has continuously evolved for the past 40 years. New developments in the field of screening for pregnancy disorders have led to changes in the clinical application of ultrasound in the care of women with normal and complicated pregnancies. At the recommended intensities for obstetric examination, ultrasound is safe, without adverse effects on mother, fetus or operator. This review highlights the validated uses of ultrasound in obstetrics, such as pregnancy dating, screening for aneuploidy, diagnosis of fetal abnormality, placental localization, diagnosis of chorionicity in multiple pregnancy, assessment of fetal growth and well-being and fetal therapy. Knowledge of the evidence base for the role of ultrasound will result in effective and appropriately timed interventions in pathological pregnancies. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
A retrospective case series of bipolar patients during pregnancy: Lithium prophylaxis, risk of recurrences and maternal/neonatal complications; Background: Lithium is among the first-line maintenance treatments for bipolar disorder (BD), but its risk-benefit ratio during pregnancy is still at issue. We studied retrospectively the effect of continuation or discontinuation of lithium during pregnancy on the course of BD and on neonatal/ maternal safety. Methods: Among approximately 1,800 patients treated at our Lithium Clinic, we found 13 BD patients who became pregnant after starting lithium treatment. We used the Retrospective NIMH-Life Chart Method and the Morbidity Index (MI) to compare the longitudinal course of BD during pregnancy and postpartum depending on treatment status (on/off lithium). In addition we collected data about neonatal/maternal complications. Results: Of the 13 women included in the study 1 did not bring any pregnancy to term while the other 12 were assigned to a treatment group according to their first completed pregnancy. During pregnancy, 1 off-lithium patient had an illness episode, compared to none of the on-lithium group (mean MI 0.03 vs 0). Of the 5 off-lithium patients 4 had episode recurrences during postpartum period, compared to 2 out of 7 on-lithium patients (mean MI 0.36 vs 0.07). We observed 4 terminations of pregnancies after lithium interruption and 3 miscarriages under lithium treatment. Considering all the completed pregnancies (7 with lithium interruption and 8 with lithium continuation), 1 case of clubfoot was found after lithium discontinuation, whereas, after lithium intrauterine exposure, we observed: 1 case of hypotonic baby, 1 case of asymptomatic ventriculomegalia detected at the 8th month of pregnancy and bilateral hip dislocation at birth, 1 case of neonatal arrhythmia and 1 suspected case of cardiac malformation, not confirmed after birth. In regard to maternal complications, we found 2 cases of gestational diabetes and 1 case of acquired hemophilia occurred after the delivery among patients who continued lithium treatment. Conclusions: Although limited by the small sample size and retrospective nature, our study suggests that lithium treatment decreases the recurrence risk during pregnancy and postpartum and that is relatively well tolerated. The entire spectrum of risks and benefi ts involved in the clinical management of pregnant BD women should be considered.
Renal tubular dysgenesis as part of diabetic embryopathy spectrum; Renal tubular dysgenesis is a rare disease of fetal kidney differentiation, which became a diagnostic entity with less than 30 years of history and with many etiologic-pathogenic variants. Most reported cases were autosomal recessive, but acquired cases, including drug-induced (ACE inhibitor, NSAID) and twin-twin transfusion-induced ones, were also present. Ischemia and reduced renal perfusion seem to be the common denominator in all cases. We report a new case and for the first time linked this entity to diabetic embryopathy. The patient was 5-hour-old premature girl born at 35 weeks of gestation via emergency cesarean section owing to an ultrasound finding of multiple fetal anomalies, oligohydramnios, and, later, fetal distress. The mother was a 22-year-old G1P1 with diet-controlled gestational diabetes but without other significant past or family medical history. External examination noted multiple dysmorphic features and abnormalities: large anterior fontanelle with open sutures; Potter face; prominent epicanthal folds; hypoplastic nasal bridge and small, low set ears; nuchal edema; bilateral clubfeet with overlapping toes; and sacral dimple. Dissection revealed bilateral renomegaly with mild hydronephrosis and features characteristic of renal tubular dysgenesis. The kidneys showed disorganized glomerulogenesis at various stages with no clear demarcation of the cortical vs medullary zones, and no cysts were identified. Most prominently were short and poorly developed proximal convoluted tubules. All tubules were monomorphic, lined by small darkly stained epithelial cells, positive for EMA, and lacking PAS-positive brush border in the apical surfaces. The other key findings included hepatomegaly, bilateral hypoplastic lungs, and hypoplastic left heart syndrome. The accompanying placenta showed placentomegaly, meconium staining, umbilical cord edema, and fetal thrombotic vasculopathy, reflecting gestational diabetes. Cytogenetic studies (FISH, karyotyping, and signature chip microarray) all showed a normal female 46,XX karyotype. We concluded that renal tubular dysgenesis can be part of a diabetic embryopathy spectrum.
Treatment of schizophrenia in pregnancy and postpartum; Background The prime age of onset for schizophrenia in women is during the childbearing years from ages 25-35. 50- 60% of these women will become pregnant; fifty percent of these pregnancies will be unplanned or unwanted. Discontinuation of medication will likely lead to a relapse of the illness during pregnancy or postpartum. Although research on the safety of psychotropic medication during pregnancy and breastfeeding is limited, it is still necessary to make treatment recommendations based on the accumulated information of the best available studies. Objectives To give an overview of what is known about the risks/benefits of antipsychotic medications during pregnancy and postpartum and make treatment recommendations for pregnant schizophrenic women. Methods A review was done on Pubmed, Medline and Cochrane to locate any studies or articles addressing the safety and efficacy of antipsychotic medication use in pregnancy and during breastfeeding and treatment planning for pregnant schizophrenic women. Results The majority of antipsychotic medications used to treat schizophrenia appear to be relatively safe for use during pregnancy and breastfeeding. Conclusions There appears to be greater risk for the mother and the fetus/infant in not treating schizophrenia during pregnancy and postpartum. Recommendations are made about the treatment of schizophrenic women in order to achieve the best outcome for mother and baby. © 2012 Canadian Society of Pharmacology and Therapeutics. All rights reserved.
Obesity, pregnancy complications, and birth outcomes; Obesity is an increasingly common complication of pregnancy with over half of all women in the United States starting pregnancy overweight or obese. Obese women face unique physiological changes during pregnancy, and these women and their neonates are at increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality. In this review, we discuss physiological alterations in obese pregnant women and examine obesity-related antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum complications along with management options. Copyright © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Role of thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor in endocrine and cardiovascular disorders: An update; Thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) is a zymogene that potently inhibits fibrinolysis through the removal of the carboxy-terminal lysine and arginine residues from partially degraded fibrin polymers. In addition, TAFI has a suppressor effect on conversion of inactive plasminogen to plasmin. Since impaired fibrinolysis is a very well established risk factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, understanding the role of TAFI in cardiovascular disorders, insulin resistance, diabetes and other endocrine problems may hold promise for improving management of these diseases. This paper includes a review of current evidence on TAFI pathway and its alteration in endocrine and cardiovascular disorders and relevant patents. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
When Is Primary Cesarean Appropriate: Fetal Indications; The objective of this review was to assess the evidence that supports cesarean delivery for fetal indications. The main fetal reasons for abdominal delivery include abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in labor, malpresentation, fetal macrosomia, multiple gestation, and both functional and structural fetal abnormalities. Although the level of evidence is not as strong as anticipated, there is sufficient support for cesarean delivery when these fetal conditions complicate pregnancy. Efforts to decrease cesarean delivery for fetal indications in the current medicolegal environment will not be easy; however, the development of more sensitive tools to assess fetal well-being in labor and practices to deliver or reduce fetuses in breech presentation at term have the potential for greatest impact on the overall primary cesarean delivery rate. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
A case of infantile de novo primary antiphospholipid syndrome revealed by a neonatal arterial ischemic stroke; The few cases of antiphospholipid syndrome that have been reported in neonates are believed to have resulted from a transplacental transfer of antiphospholipid antibodies. Here we report on a boy with a neonatal stroke revealing a de novo primary antiphospholipid, the mother being free of antiphospholipid antibodies. Other thrombosis risk factors included primiparity, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, polyglobulia, and lipoprotein(a) >30 mg/dL. Anti-cardiolipin and anti-β2-glycoprotein I persisted more than 2 years. Under aspirin therapy, the child did not exhibit recurrence of thrombotic events or symptoms of autoimmunity after a follow-up of 3 years. Our case indicates that clinicians should consider a second retesting for anticardiolipin antibodies and anti-β2-glycoprotein I antibodies, even when children and mother neonatal tests are negative. © The Author(s) 2012.
Pneumonia and pregnancy outcomes: A nationwide population-based study; Objective: Using 2 nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes, including low birthweight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), lower Apgar score, and preeclampsia/eclampsia, between women with and without pneumonia. Study Design: This study included 1462 women who had been hospitalized with pneumonia during pregnancy and used 7310 matched women without pneumonia as a comparison group. Results: Compared to women without pneumonia, conditional logistic regression analyses showed that the adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, Apgar scores <7 at 5 minutes, and preeclampsia/eclampsia in women with pneumonia were 1.73 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.41-2.12), 1.71 (95% CI, 1.42-2.05), 1.35 (95% CI, 1.17-1.56), 1.77 (95% CI, 1.58-1.98), 3.86 (95% CI, 1.64-9.06), and 3.05 (95% CI, 2.01-4.63), respectively. Conclusion: Women with pneumonia during pregnancy had significantly higher risk of LBW, preterm birth, SGA, low Apgar scores infants, CS, and preeclampsia/eclampsia, compared to unaffected women. © 2012 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Fertility, pregnancy, and medical management of Turner syndrome in the reproductive years; Turner syndrome results in infertility in most cases. Fertility preservation through the cryopreservation of oocytes or ovarian tissue may be an option for some girls with Turner syndrome. Oocyte donation results in high pregnancy rates (PR). Those women who plan to pursue pregnancy need comprehensive screening and counseling before and after conception. Pregnancies conceived with either autologous or donated oocytes are at high risk of maternal death from aortic dissection/rupture and are at high risk of serious hypertensive disorders. Reproductive age women with Turner syndrome require ongoing screening for associated medical conditions unrelated to reproduction. © 2012 American Society for Reproductive Medicine, Published by Elsevier Inc.
Sex-specific programming of hypertension in offspring of late-gestation diabetic rats; Background: The intrauterine environment strongly influences adult disease susceptibility. We used a rat model of third-trimester maternal diabetes to test the hypothesis that adult offspring exposed to hyperglycemia in utero display increased blood pressure and alterations in vascular responsiveness. Methods: Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin injection to pregnant rats on gestation day 13 (term 21 d) and partially controlled with insulin injections. Hemodynamic function was evaluated in 6-12-mo-old offspring. Results: Male but not female offspring of diabetic mothers (ODM) had significantly increased blood pressure as compared with controls; heart rate (HR) was similar. For both sexes, HR baroreflex responses were similar as were in vivo hemodynamic responses to angiotensin II, nitric oxide synthase inhibition, and ganglionic blockade. Aortic contractility to angiotensin II was similar in the two groups. Nitric oxide synthase inhibition and the Cu/Zn superoxide dismutase inhibitor diethyldithiocarbamate, but not the superoxide dismutase-mimetic Tempol, significantly increased contractile responses to angiotensin II in controls but not ODM. Reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-stimulated superoxide production was greater in male ODM than in controls (P 0.05). Conclusion: Exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex-specific cardiovascular changes in adult offspring. Impaired nitric oxide-reactive oxygen species signaling may play a significant role in the hemodynamic phenotype of ODM. © 2012 International Pediatric Research Foundation, Inc.
Inflammatory Protein Expression in Adolescent and Adult Offspring of Type 1 Diabetic Mice; AIMS: To measure inflammatory markers in offspring of pregestational type 1 diabetic mothers. METHODS: Type 1 diabetes was induced in female C57BL6/J mice using streptozotocin. Offspring from control C57BL6/J and type 1 diabetic mothers were followed up to adulthood and blood was collected at 6 and 12 weeks of age, representing adolescent and adult stages respectively. Five well-established inflammatory markers; Matrix metalloproteinase 9, soluble E-selectin, sICAM-1, sVCAM-1, and total plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) were measured on an inflammatory multiplex assay in plasma. RESULTS: Blood plasma from adolescent offspring from diabetic mothers displayed an increase in all five inflammatory markers when compared to controls, and there was a highly significant increase in sVCAM-1 (64.56 ± 20.1 vs. 33.8 ± 20.75; p < 0.01) and tPAI-1 (0.05 ± 0.02 vs. 0.02 ± 0.01; p < 0.01) expression. CONCLUSION: Our findings show that inflammatory markers are increased in offspring of pregestational diabetic mothers. This may represent a mechanism for increased risk of cardiovascular disease evident in these offspring. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Metformin and its clinical use: New insights for an old drug in clinical practice; Metformin is generally recommended as first-line treatment in type 2 diabetes, especially in overweight patients, but in recent years new indications for its use have emerged. Metformin has been found to be safe and efficacious both as monotherapy and in combination with all oral antidiabetic agents and insulins. If metformin use during pregnancy and the lactation period is supported by few data, it could be indicated for women with polycystic ovary syndrome, since it could diminish circulating androgens and insulin resistance, thus ameliorating the ovulation rate. Metformin seems to reduce cancer risk, which appears to be increased in diabetics, and is a promising agent for oncoprevention and chemotherapy combinations. Moreover, metformin could find a place in the treatment of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease. Lactic acidosis could be decreased by avoiding metformin use in patients with hypovolemia, sepsis, renal impairment, hypoxic respiratory diseases and heart failure, in the preoperative period and before intravenous injection of contrast media. Copyright © 2012 Termedia & Banach.
Maternal Obesity and the Fetal Origins of the Metabolic Syndrome; Over recent decades there has been a rapid rise in metabolic disorders throughout the world. Whilst lifestyle and societal habits have contributed to the obesity epidemic, there is now increasing evidence that the early developmental environment of an infant can play a pivotal role in the 'programming' of an adverse physiological phenotype in later life. Clinical evidence highlights that maternal over-nutrition and/or obesity during pregnancy presents not only adverse effects on maternal health, but also persistent and deleterious effects in the developing child. Animal models are providing essential information into the underlying cellular and molecular mechanisms that contribute to this adverse phenotype. The use of this information will aid our understanding of the programming signals related to maternal and paternal over-nutrition and the improved healthcare for both mother and infant. © 2012 The Author(s).
Adrenomedullin and pregnancy: Perspectives from animal models to humans; A healthy pregnancy requires strict coordination of genetic, physiologic and environmental factors. The relatively common incidence of infertility and pregnancy complications has resulted in increased interest in understanding the mechanisms that underlie normal versus abnormal pregnancy. The peptide hormone adrenomedullin (AM) has recently been the focus of some exciting breakthroughs in the pregnancy field. Supported by mechanistic studies in genetic animal models, there continues to be a growing body of evidence demonstrating the importance of AM protein levels in a variety of human pregnancy complications. With more extensive mechanistic studies and improved consistency in clinical measurements of AM, there is great potential for the development of AM as a clinically-relevant biomarker in pregnancy and pregnancy complications. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Cardiovascular risk markers in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia; Objective: To explore biomarkers indicating cardiovascular disease in pregnant women with diabetes or preeclampsia, since these women are at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Study design: EDTA-plasma from 262 women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n = 71, preeclampsia n = 105, type 2 diabetes n = 17, gestational diabetes n = 61, diabetes with preeclampsia n = 8) was analyzed by immunoassay for neopterin, midregional pro-adrenomedullin (MR-proADM) and C-terminal pro-arginine vasopressin (CT-proAVP). The diabetes groups were also analyzed for midregional pro-atrial natriuretic peptide (MR-proANP), and compared to previously reported MR-proANP concentrations for healthy, normotensive and preeclamptic patients. Results: In contrast to preeclampsia, median plasma MR-proANP was not increased in pregnancies complicated by diabetes, but in fact lower, compared to healthy pregnancies. Neopterin was increased in diabetic pregnancies and in late onset preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proADM was increased in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes or preeclampsia, compared to healthy pregnancies. Median plasma MR-proANP was increased in diabetic pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia compared to pregnant women with diabetes only. Conclusion: Women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or preeclampsia are at risk for future cardiovascular disease, but differ in circulating cardiovascular biomarker profile. A cardiovascular biomarker profiling during pregnancy might prove helpful in identifying women at risk for future cardiovascular disease, thus enabling targeted prophylactic interventions and follow-up. © 2012 International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy.Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fetal evaluation of the modified-myocardial performance index in pregnancies complicated by diabetes; Objective: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function by modified myocardial performance index (Mod-MPI) in pregnant diabetic patients. Methods: Modified myocardial performance index was measured in fetuses of patients with diabetes (DM) between 30 and 40 weeks of gestation. The isovolumetric contraction time, isovolumetric relaxation time and ejection time were measured. Mod-MPI was calculated as (isovolumetric contraction time+isovolumetric relaxation time)/ejection time. Results were analyzed by using one-way analysis of variance (post hoc Bonferroni correction), Chi-square and Student's test. Results: Modified myocardial performance index values of fetuses from DM mothers were significantly higher than controls (0.43 vs 0.37, P<0.0001), and it was not different between gestational versus pregestational DM (0.42 vs 0.45, P=0.18). Mod-MPI was also higher in the presence of polyhydramnios (0.49 vs 0.41, P<0.0001), insulin use (0.46 vs 0.40, P<0.05), and large for gestational age fetuses (0.49 vs 0.40, P<0.0001). There were no significant differences in Mod-MPI between newborns with versus without neonatal complications such as hypoglycemia or polycythemia. Conclusions: In fetuses of DM mothers, evaluation of the Mod-MPI identifies those with worse maternal disease and large fetal size. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Targeting xenobiotic receptors PXR and CAR for metabolic diseases; The pregnane X receptor (PXR) and the constitutive androstane receptor (CAR) are two closely related and liver-enriched nuclear hormone receptors originally defined as xenobiotic receptors. Recently, an increasing body of evidence suggests that PXR and CAR also have endobiotic functions that impact glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as the pathogenesis of metabolic diseases. These new findings suggest that PXR and CAR not only regulate the transcription of drug-metabolizing enzymes and transporters, but also orchestrate energy metabolism and immune responses to accommodate stresses caused by xenobiotic exposures. The effectiveness of targeting PXR and CAR in the treatment of metabolic disorders, such as obesity, type 2 diabetes (T2D), dyslipidemia, and atherosclerosis, have been suggested in animal models. However, translation of these basic research results into clinical applications may require further investigation to determine the human relevance, and to obtain better understanding of the mechanisms through which PXR and CAR affect energy metabolism. Given a wide variety of natural or synthetic compounds that are PXR and CAR modulators, it is hoped that these two 'xenobiotic receptors' can be harnessed for therapeutic potentials in managing metabolic diseases. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Wisconsin Stillbirth Service Program: Analysis of large for gestational age cases; Since its inception in 1983, the Wisconsin Stillbirth Service Program (WiSSP) has reviewed over 2,600 referrals. Among 2,451 with fetal weight and gestational age recorded, 186 (7.6%) were large for gestational age (LGA), which is more than expected. We reviewed these cases to identify factors causing or contributing to fetal death as well as increased fetal size. LGA losses tended to occur later in pregnancy than non-LGA losses. The most common cause of death in LGA fetuses was fetal (43.5%), followed by placental (22.6%), and maternal (11.2%), which contrasts with previous studies involving the same database, but unselected for fetal weight, in which 21.5%, 40.0%, and 12.7% had fetal, placental, and maternal causes, respectively. The most common fetal cause was hydrops (60 cases/32.4%), which was most frequently idiopathic (16/26.6%), followed by cardiac (11/18.3%), Turner syndrome (8/13.3%), and twin-twin transfusions (6/10.0%). Placental causes, most commonly abruption and infarct, were more frequent in diabetic mothers, accounting for 33% versus only 18% in the entire LGA group. In the LGA group overall, 21% of mothers were diabetic, and most stillbirths in diabetic mothers occurred after 28 weeks. Despite large placentas (>95th centile) in 71.8% of the LGA cohort compared to 11% previously reported in the entire database, the most extreme LGA cases had a high fetoplacental ratio. We recommend pathologic evaluation of placentas from all stillbirths, close follow-up of pregnancies complicated by diabetes, and continued research into causes and pathophysiology of hydrops. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Comparative evaluation of the periodontal status and plaque microbial flora in gestational diabetic and non-diabetic pregnant women: A clinicomicrobiological study; Backgrounds and aims: Periodontal disease is one of the most common chronic disorders of infectious origin of the supporting structures of the teeth. It is associated with an increased risk of systemic diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, diabetes mellitus and adverse pregnancy outcomes. Maternal glucose disorders during pregnancy include gestational diabetes mellitus. Diabetic retinopathy, macrosomia are common in babies born to women with pre-existing diabetes. Despite the advances in prenatal care and public awareness, adverse pregnancy outcomes still present a major public health problem worldwide. Infection is an important contributor to complications of pregnancy. Pregnant women have been found to have an increased level of periodontal infection compared with non-pregnant women of the same age. The severity of periodontal infection during pregnancy has been found to be associated with the presence of P. gingivalis and P. intermedia, leading to an increase in the adverse pregmnacy outcomes. Hence, an accurate quantification of the number of individual bacterial species in dental plaque samples is needed for understanding the contribution of bacterial etiology in gestational diabetes mellitus and non diabetic pregnant women. Aim: Assessment and comparison of the periodontal status and quantitative analysis of plaque microbial flora by polymerase chain reaction(PCR) in gestational diabetes mellitus patient and non diabetic pregnant women. Material and methods: Initially 800 primi pregnant women were screened. Among them 60 were selected for case control study who met with inclusion and exclusion criteria. The group A included 30 gestational diabetic pregnant women and group B included 30 healthy pregnant women. Each patient was subjected for periodontal examination using gingival index, periodontal index and probing pocket depth and microbial analysis with the plaque sample. Microbiological analysis was done by PCR. The statistical analysis was carried out by student -t Test, Chi- square test and Fisher Exact test. Results: The results showed statistical significant difference in gingival index (0.007), periodontal disease index (plaque index ,0.004 and periodontal pocket depth, 0.011) between gestational diabetic group and healthy pregnant group. The blood glucose parameters between the two groups was statistical significant at P value <0.001.The presence of high value of P.intermedia and P.gingivalis was positively associated in group A at P value = 0.175 and 0.007 respectively, by PCR. Conclusion: The study showed an association between periodontal disease and gestational diabetes mellitus. Periodontal disease may contribute to the development of diabetes in women with the history of gestational diabetes mellitus. If the periodontal disease is confirmed as risk factor for GDM in future studies, it might provide a window of opportunity for early interventional studies. Thus it is imperative to prevent and treat periodontal disease before or during pregnancy so as to reduce maternal and infant morbidity associated with GDM.
Levels of the inflammatory marker YKL-40 in young adults exposed to intrauterine hyperglycaemia; Background and aims: YKL-40 is a glycoprotein secreted by a variety of human cell types. YKL-40 is a marker of inflammation and is associated with diabetes, insulin resistance and atherosclerosis. Fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycaemia because of maternal diabetes increases the risk of overweight, the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes in the adult offspring. We aimed to investigate associations between exposure to intrauterine hyperglycaemia and plasma level of YKL-40 in adult offspring. Materials and methods: We studied 597 offspring, aged 18-27 years, from 4 different groups based on maternal glycemic status and genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes: 1. Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) 2. Offspring of women with risk factors for GDM but normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy 3. Offspring of women with type 1 diabetes 4. Offspring of women from the background population. The offspring were characterised by fasting plasma levels of YKL-40, and metabolic and anthropometric measurements. Exposure variables were maternal glycaemic status as well as measures of maternal glucose levels during pregnancy. Results: The median plasma YKL-40 in the total cohort was 45 ng/ml (25- 75 percentiles: 35-56) without significant differences between the 4 different exposure groups. Multivariate regression analysis did not show an association between maternal glucose level during pregnancy and levels of YKL-40 in the offspring. We found increasing offspring BMI at follow-up (p < 0.0001) to be a positive predictor of YKL-40. Furthermore offspring characterised by overweight (BMI >25kg/m2) or the metabolic syndrome (IDF criteria 2006) at follow-up had significantly higher levels of YKL-40 compared with the remaining offspring, (47 vs. 44 ng/ml, p = 0.02 and 49 vs. 44 ng/ml, p = 0.003 respectively). Conclusion: Fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycaemia was not associated with levels of YKL-40 in adult offspring of women with diabetes. Adult offspring BMI were positively associated with YKL-40 levels.
Superoxide anion overproduction, impaired eNOS and enhanced adhesion molecule expression in human endothelial cells exposed to maternal diabetes; Background and aims: Epidemiological studies suggest a link between foetal exposure to maternal diabetes and propensity to develop various diseases including cardiovascular disease in adulthood. The present study measured levels of superoxide anion production and determined effects on expression of endothelial nitric oxide synthase (eNOS) and adhesion molecules in HUVEC from diabetic mothers compared to healthy mothers (control) under normoglycemic and hyperglycemic conditions. Material and methods: Intracellular superoxide was measured by both nitrotetrazolium blue (NBT) and 2',7'-Dichlorodihydrofluorescein Diacetate (DCFH-DA) experiments. Expression of eNOS mRNA was quantified by real time PCR. The expression of adhesion molecules E-selectin and intracellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) were determined by immunofluorescence staining. Results: Both NBT and DCFH-DA experiments showed that diabetic HUVEC cultured in physiologic glucose concentrations for 1-3 days generated excess ROS (p<0.05) compared to control cells. However, exposure of diabetic HUVEC to elevated glucose (29mM) had no additional effect. Expression of eNOS mRNA was significantly reduced in diabetic HUVEC compared to control at 5 mM glucose (p<0.001). A similar reduction was observed in diabetic HUVEC incubated at 29mM glucose for 10 days when compared to same cells at 5mM glucose (p<0.05). We also report for the first time the increased expression of E-selectin (p<0.05) and ICAM-1 (p<0.05) in unstimulated diabetic HUVEC compared to control. Conclusion: This study showed that exposure of HUVEC to maternal diabetes causes irreversible alterations in endothelial cell gene expression and function in cultured cells even after glucose normalisation and may contribute to increased risk of cardiovascular diseases in adulthood.
Management of diabetic patient, the role of ultrasound; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a major health problem world wide and locally here in Qatar, the incidence of DM is up to 25% in Qatari population. Management of Diabetes in Pregnancy is a story of success in medical practice. However, risks associated with Diabetes Mellitus in pregnancy can not be eliminated. The objective of this presentation is to discuss the role of obstetrics ultrasound in improving the management of these patients. The presentation will address two main areas: First fetal structure: We will discuss the role of US in diagnosis of fetal malformation especially where there is very poor glucose control in early pregnancy. We will present rare cases of caudal regression syndrome and multiple anomalies associated with DM. Data on fetal heart defect among diabetic pregnant population over the last ten years will be presented. The obesity is another serious problem and the US examination is often difficult because of high body mass index and presence of repeated Caesarean section scars. We will discuss the role of the 4D based technology of Spatial Temporal Image correlation (STIC) in making diagnosis of congenital heart disease among this high risk population. Second Fetal Wellbeing: We will discuss the role of US in the diagnosis of fetal macrosomia especially measurement of fetal abdomen and fetal shoulders. Poorly controlled and long standing DM affects the structure as well as the blood flow in vascular beds both of the fetus and the pregnant diabetic patients. These changes can result in intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). We now know that classical studies of blood flow in Umbilical and uterine artery are not informative in cases of Diabetic pregnant patient as the mechanism of hypoxemia is very different. The liver circulation is a good site for Doppler evaluation of these at risk fetuses.We will present our experience in the accuracy of interrogating fetal liver circulation, mainly hepatic artery, left portal vein and portal system.
Can we prevent gestational diabetes?; There is growing evidence that Gestational Diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and longterm adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential longterm consequences of GDM. On the other hand, based on meta-analysis of the literature, it was estimated that the risk of developing GDM is about two, four, and eight times higher among overweight, obese, and severely obese women, respectively, compared with normal-weight pregnant women. Physiological states of insulin resistance such as obesity and diabetes have been linked to abnormalities in female reproductive function. However, it is difficult to distinguish the direct effects of impaired insulin signaling from those of adiposity or hyperglycemia. Between the two epidemics, obesity and diabetes, maternal and child comorbidities got more complicated and, as a result, put management in a new dimension that passed the aggressive GDM therapy to a wide scale of preventive strategies.
Clinical usefulness of foetal magnetocardiography; Objectives: To assess the usefulness and reliability of foetal magnetocardiography as a prenatal diagnostic or screening tool. Materials: The study involved a review of the medical records of cases where the women had delivered at Tsukuba University Hospital during April 2008-March 2011 and which fulfilled any of the following criteria: foetal arrhythmia, foetal congenital heart defect, foetal growth restriction, maternal anti-SSA antibody, diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes mellitus, and monochorionic twin pregnancy. Methods: All the women had undergone foetal magnetocardiography, foetal ultrasonography, and cardiotocography. Twelvelead electrocardiograms were obtained for all the neonates with arrhythmia, congenital heart defects, or maternal anti-SSA antibody. Results: The study included 168 women. Foetal arrhythmia was observed in 15 cases; foetal congenital heart defect without arrhythmia, 28 cases; other congenital anomalies, 44 cases; foetal growth restriction, 15 cases; anti-SSA antibody, 14 cases; diabetes mellitus, 23 cases; gestational diabetes mellitus, 23 cases; and monochorionic twin pregnancy, 6 cases. Foetal magnetocardiography was safely performed on all the foetuses, and the results were analysed in detail. None of the mothers or foetuses developed any adverse effects. From the foetal arrhythmia cases, supraventricular tachycardia was observed in 1 case, supraventricular premature contraction in 10, and ventricular premature contraction in 4. Prenatal administration of digoxin and sotarol was successfully used in a case where short RP' supraventricular tachycardia (PR = 158 msec, RP' = 123 msec) was observed. The PR interval in cases where maternal anti-SSA antibody was present ranged from 86 to 146ms with an average value of 107.1ms (±14.4 ms). Complete AV block was not observed in any patient. The prenatal diagnoses of arrhythmia, congenital heart defect, and maternal anti-SSA antibody were consistent with the neonatal diagnoses. Conclusions: Foetal magnetocardiography is useful and reliable as a diagnostic or screening tool for foetal arrhythmia and other congenital diseases.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes in obese pregnant patients at aberdeen maternity hospital; Objectives: In 2008 CEMACH concluded the UK prevalence of women with a known BMI ≥ 35 (Class II and Class III obesity) at any point in pregnancy, giving birth ≥24+0 weeks gestation is 4.99% or 38,478 maternities each year. Women with a pregnancy BMI ≥ 40 (Class III obesity) is 2.01%, while super-morbid obesity (BMI ≥ 50) affects 0.19% of all women giving birth. Risks associated include Gestational Diabetes mellitus, Preeclampsia and Venous Thromboembolism. Therefore we did a review of maternity services in AMH for obesity. Materials: Retrospective case note analysis of 21 patients between January 2009 to July 2009 in women with a BMI of >40. Methods: Observational study. Results: There were 76% patients identified with a BMI of 40-49, the rest had BMI of 50. Anaesthetic Review was achieved by only 67%. Majority of the patients had Growth Scans (76%) and only 38% had OGTT done. Medical complications identified were GDM in 4%, PET in 19% and PIH in 4% patients. None were diagnosed with VTE, pre or post delivery. Eight patients (38%) were induced, there were 2 elective sections and rest had SOL. Seven patients had LSCS (2 electives and rest emergency), three patients had instrumental deliveries and rest had SVD. 33% had postpartum haemorrhage and 1 women (4%) had wound infection. There was 1 macrosomic baby and 1 NNU admission. Conclusions: Overall the care of the morbidly obese pregnant patients has been reasonably good as reflected both in the obstetric and neonatal outcomes. However we have to be more vigilant in terms of early anaesthetic reviews and antenatal surveillance's.
Post-partum cerebral angiopathy: A case report; Case Description: Our patient is a G1P1 female with gestational diabetes, who presented to the obstetric clinic 1 week after a cesarean section with complaints of headaches, visual disturbance, and unsteady gait. She was hypertensive and admitted for observation. The following morning she developed mental status changes and right hemiparesis. A head computed tomography (CT) revealed a large left parietal hemorrhage with 4-mm left to right shift, subarachnoid hemorrhage, and early uncal herniation. CT angiogram demonstrated abnormal dilation of peripheral vasculature in the parietal lobes. Steroids were initiated. The patient developed seizures, which were treated with Ativan and Dilantin. Once stabilized, she was transferred to an acute rehabilitation hospital, where steroids and anti-seizure medications were continued. Therapy was limited by depression, fatigue, and right cephalgia. A repeat head CT revealed acute bilateral parietal hemorrhages with an increasing 6 to 8mm midline shift and ventricle effacement. The patient was transferred to a tertiary care medical center for further evaluation. Setting: Acute rehabilitation hospital and tertiary care medical center. Results or Clinical Course: At the tertiary care center, brain MRA showed decreased caliber of inter and intracranial arteries, potentially representing a vasculopathic process. Cerebral angiography, revealed no thrombosis or abnormalities of the arterial tree. Head CT was stable, with improved vasogenic edema. No surgical intervention was required. The patient is completing outpatient therapy and hopes to return to work. Conclusions: Post-partum cerebral angiopathy is rare especially in the setting of an uncomplicated pregnancy without preeclampsia. Physiatrists should be aware of the potential complications of postpartum angiopathy described in this case in the acute rehabilitation setting.
Antenatal factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic; Background: Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. Methods: A retrospective case-control study nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three controls per case were randomly selected from the study population, by sex, term, place and year of birth. Results: PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was 1/4400 live births. In comparison to controls clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% vs 4.2%; p = 0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% vs 10.9%; p = 0.001) and meconium-stained liquor (40% vs 12%; p < 0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3 vs 22.9%; p = 0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% vs 16.7%; p = 0.07), cord abnormalities (29% vs 14.1%; p = 0.06) and caesarean section (28.1% vs 14.6%; p = 0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR: 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; p = 0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated to PAIS. Conclusion(s): This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis.
Cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother: Diagnosis and follow up of evolution; Objectives To present the main aspects of diagnosis and follow up of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers (IDMs). Methods/patients 84 IDMs investigated in the first week of life and re evaluated at 6-12 month (49), by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT) and Doppler echocardiography (Echo). Fetal echo was performed in 38 cases. Results Fetal Echo showed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV) (11 cases) confirmed by postnatal Echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia (40%), systolic murmur (32 cases), signs of heart failure (3), others being asymptomatic or non cardiac symptoms. ECG: LV hypertrophy (14 cases). Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo showed: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (6), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52%) and congenital cardiac anomalies in 17% cases. HCMP was not correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (21 cases): normal morphological cardiac aspect (14) or significant reduction of HCMP (7), with normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions IDMs presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (17%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP (43%) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (54%) and justify early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms. Fetal and post natak Echo are the most sensitive and noninvasive methods of diagnostic and follow up on IDMs cardiac diseases.
Umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness in infants of diabetic mothers and its relation to maternal hyperglycemia; Background Children who are large for gestational age at birth and exposed to an intrauterine environment of either diabetes or maternal obesity are at increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome. This can be explained by exposure to high glucose and insulin levels in utero causing altered fetal adaptation and changes in normal fetal programming. Objectives The aim of the study was to evaluate preclinical atherosclerosis begins in utero. Methods We measured the umbilical artery wall thickness (ruWT) in the third trimester by obstetric ultrasound and umbilical artery intima media thickness (uIMT) in pathologic specimens of the umbilical cords obtained shortly after delivery and we investigated the relation between the these measurements and serum insulin, c-peptide level in cord blood and homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in infants of diabetic mother (IDM). Study group divided into two groups as; large for gestational age (LGA)/IDM group, appropriate for gestational age (AGA)/IDM group and compared with control group. Results The LGA/IDM group had significantly higher insulin (p<0.001), c-peptides (p=0.018) and HOMA-IR levels (p<0.001) compared to AGA/IDM group and controls. LGA/IDM group had significantly higher ruWT(p=0.013) and uIMT (p<0.001) values compared to AGA/IDM group and controls. LGA/IDM group has increased umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness which correlates with severity of maternal hyperglycemia. Conclusions Measurement of ruWT in third trimester is feasible, reproducible and strongly correlated with pathological measurements.
The relationship between pregnant mother's condition and neonatal mortality rate; Background Neonatal mortality is still a problem around the world. The rate is varies from country to country. Mother's condition was associated with the outcome of conception and mortality rate. Objective To determine the relationship between mother's condition and neonatal mortality rate. Methods/design Case control study. Case group was 40 mothers of neonates who died in high risk neonatal ward Dr. Kariadi Hospital Semarang Indonesia within period of January to December 2011 who fulfilled inclusion criteria. Control group was 40 mothers of neonates who survived. Mother's condition that was studied included mother's age, parity, gestational age, antenatal care, mother's infection, diabetic mother, severe anemia, preeclampsia, eclampsia, hypertension, heart disease, and antenatal bleeding. Data was taken from medical records. Statistical analyses used X2 and logistic regression. Result Between groups respectively: age >30-year old, has OR 0.70; 95% CI 0.27-1.82). multiparity (OR 1.22; 95% CI 0.51-2.96). preterm, (OR 2.78; 95% CI 1.12-6.89). ANC, (OR 0.87; 95% CI 0.31- 2.44). Mother's infection, (OR 0.29; 95% CI 0.05-1.58). diabetic mother, (OR 4.33; 95% CI 0.46-40.61). severe anemic, d (OR 2.29; 95% CI 1.76-2.98). preeclampsia mothers, (OR 0.23; 95% CI 0.02- 2.16). eclampsia mothers,(OR 2.71; 95% CI 0.49-14.90). hypertension mothers, (OR 4.33; 95% CI 0.46-40.60). heart disease (OR 2.02; 95% CI 1.62-2.53). antenatal bleeding (OR 2.33; 95% CI 1.78-3.05). Conclussion Gestational age (preterm), severe anemia, and antenatal bleeding were associated with neonatal mortality, where gestational age as the major risk factor.
Value of echocardiography for the diagnosis and monitoring of evolution of persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborn; Purpose To evaluate the value of the echocardiographic exam for the diagnosis of the persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHN) in the newborn infant. Methods Patients, 41 newborns (aged 0-8 days) with PPHN induced by severe perinatal hypoxia, meconium aspiration syndrome, hyaline membrane disease, hypotermia, neonatal sepsis, infant of diabetic mothers, congenital cardiac malformations. Investigations of patients: clinical exam PaO2, ECG, chest X ray, Doppler echocardiography (ECHO). ECHO was repeated after 5-7 days in all patients. Results Physical exam, cyanosis in the first 12 hours, tachypnea and/or a severe respiratory distress, systolic murmur on the left border of sternum. ECG: diastolic dysfunction of left ventricular (LV). Chest X ray: cardiomegaly (all cases). PaO2: low values-all patients. ECHO aspects: enlargement of the right chambers; severe tricuspid regurgitation with the peak velocity 3-4 m/sec; mitral regurgitation (12/41 of cases), left-to-right shunt across foramen ovale and/or ductus arteriosus (30/41 of cases), enlargement of the pulmonary artery and severe pulmonary regurgitation, septal hypertrophy (11/41 of cases); impaired LV relaxation with normal systolic function; congenital heart diseases (7). Repeated ECHO revealed in most of the cases diminished or no right-to left shunt across ductus arteriosus or foramen ovalae correlate with clinical improvement and disappearance of cyanosis. Conclusions Echocardiographic exam, beside clinical exam and history of the disease, is un important element for the diagnosis and follow up of evolution by the specific treatment applied for PPHN in the newborn with cyanosis and this investigation must be performed early after birth.
Identification of microRNAs involved in regulating IGF signalling in the first trimester placenta; Fetal growth restriction and overgrowth (macrosomia) are both associated with altered placental development and problems at birth. Both conditions have lifelong impacts on health including an increased risk of developing cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Placental development depends on co-ordinated cellular growth and is enhanced by maternally-derived growth factors. MicroRNAs (miRs) are known to regulate gene expression and we have shown that global miR suppression in placenta enhances the stimulatory effect of insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) on placental cell (cytotrophoblast) proliferation. This study aimed to identify miRs involved in regulating placental growth. Rates of cytotrophoblast proliferation are higher in first trimester than at term. To identify regulators of proliferation, miR expression in first trimester (n = 5) and term placental tissue (n = 5) was compared in an array. 58 miRs were differentially expressed. Target prediction databases (miRecords) and Ingenuity Pathway Analysis software were used to classify these miRs. 10 miRs were predicted to target signalling cascades known to regulate proliferation. Three miRs, miR-145, miR-377 and Let-7a were predicted to regulate expression of IGF signalling pathway genes and were selected for further analysis. The three were overexpressed in first trimester placental explants (n = 6) by nucleofection of pre-miR precursors. Immunohistochemical analysis showed a significant reduction in proliferating cytotrophoblast cells (P > 0.05) following overexpression of miR-377 and Let-7a but not miR-145. Predicted miR target gene products for these miRs, such as IGF1R, ERK, AKT, SHP-2 and c-MYC were localised to cytotrophoblast cells. Following miR overexpression, protein expression of these molecules was significantly reduced, suggesting that they might mediate the growth regulatory response. Our study has identified miRs involved in regulating IGF-signalling in placental development. These findings will aid the development of miR-based therapeutic strategies for problem pregnancies.
Glucose control: Non-insulin therapies; Patient and clinician acceptance make non-insulin-based therapies the backbone of type 2 diabetes management. In an attempt to delay and even avoid insulin therapy, innovative oral agents are being developed. New information also continues to accumulate about the older agents.
Diabetes care in pregnancy; Great strides have been made in the management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy in recent years. As a result of the epidemic of obesity, more young women are being diagnosed with gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in pregnancy. This section serves to classify the different types of diabetes in pregnancy, the current and proposed criteria for diagnosis, and the principles of management. A diabetes-obstetrics healthcare team should, ideally, be responsible for the comprehensive management of these women. Excellent care throughout (and, in certain cases, prior to) pregnancy ensures a successful outcome in the vast majority of these pregnancies.
Spontaneous resolution of chylous ascites following delivery: A case report; Introduction: Chyloascites or chyloperitoneum, which can be caused by different factors, is a process of eruption of one or many lymphatic vessels spontaneously. Malignant processes, inflammation or trauma can cause a sudden burst in a lymphatic vessel which will lead to a collection of milky fluid in any space of the human body with the abdominal cavity being the most common location. Chyloperitoneum is rare during pregnancy and this case is the fifth described worldwide. Case presentation: We describe a case of chyloascitis in a 27-year-old primigravida Middle Eastern woman, found coincidentally during cesarean section. Free fluid was found in the abdominal cavity with no source of trauma or masses. An abdominal drain remained in situ for six days. The milky fluid was sent for biochemical analysis and found to be positive for triglycerides. Her postoperative course was uneventful. A computed tomography scan of the abdomen and pelvis was negative for fluid collection, tumors or other lesions. While this is the fifth case of chylous ascitis associated with pregnancy, it is the second found to be spontaneous with no obvious cause described to date. Conclusion: Chylous ascitis is not always associated with tumors, inflammation or trauma. It can, although rarely, be associated with pregnancy. The course of pregnancy is usually uncomplicated in the cases published to date. This fifth case serves as a reminder for obstetricians, when presented with similar findings, to consider chylous ascitis as one of the differential diagnoses. Early diagnosis and appropriate treatment is vital for improved outcomes for the mother and the fetus.© 2012 Babic et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The contribution of extramedullary hematopoiesis to hepatomegaly in anemic hydrops fetalis: A study in alpha-thalassemia hydrops fetalis; Massive hepatomegaly is a common finding in hydrops fetalis (HF) arising from hemoglobinopathies. It has been suggested that extramedullary hematopoiesis, which is markedly increased in response to anemia, plays a principal role in hepatomegaly via sinusoidal obstruction and distortion of the intrahepatic architecture. To test this concept, the authors compared 20 cases of α-thalassemia (hemoglobin Bart, 15 cases; hemoglobin H, 5 cases) with 19 cases of HF arising from other causes and 39 control nonhydrops cases. The mean liver weight in α-thalassemia cases was significantly heavier than in control cases and in hydrops fetalis cases due to other causes (P < 0.01). This was not explainable on the basis of extramedullary hematopoiesis (erythropoiesis or myelopoiesis) or hemosiderin deposition, since cases of HF from other causes, especially related to anemia, showed similar findings to α-thalassemia cases. While these processes no doubt contribute to hepatic weight, the major factor would still be high-output cardiac failure causing hepatic congestion. © 2012 Society for Pediatric Pathology.
Health and fertility in world health organization group 2 anovulatory women; Background: Disruption of ovulation occurs in different types of clinical infertility. The World Health Organization (WHO) has provided a classification of ovulation disorders. This review focuses on WHO group 2 anovulation. Methods: Searches were performed in Medline/PubMed and EMBASE. Each subject summary was presented to the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) Workshop Group, where omissions or disagreements were resolved by discussion. Results: Disorders resulting in ovulatory disturbances are a relatively common cause of infertility. They occur most frequently in the context of WHO group 2 anovulation as reflected, for example, in the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). The aetiology of PCOS remains unclear but evidence exists for a multifactorial origin with a genetic predisposition. Women with PCOS show an increased time to pregnancy but their eventual family size is not necessarily reduced. Also their frequency of miscarriage does not appear increased. Clomiphene citrate is still the first-line treatment in subfertile anovulatory patients with PCOS, with gonadotrophins and laparoscopic ovarian surgery as second-line options. Aromatase inhibitors show promising results. Conclusions: Long-term health risks in patients with WHO group 2 anovulation demand their general health be monitored, even after their reproductive needs have been fulfilled. Metabolic and cardiovascular risk prevention in women with PCOS should start as early as possible. It is not easy to analyse the possible role of PCOS, independent of obesity, metabolic syndrome, insulin resistance and diabetes, on long-term health. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Safety of influenza immunization during pregnancy for the fetus and the neonate; Since the 1960s, pregnant women in the United States have been recommended to receive influenza vaccine. A maternal concern about the possibility of adverse fetal and neonatal outcomes after the vaccination of pregnant women has been cited as a reason for low maternal influenza vaccination coverage. Recent research has identified benefits to the fetus and neonate after maternal influenza vaccination that have prompted efforts to increase coverage in pregnant women. There is a long history of research findings that highlight the safety of vaccinating pregnant women. This review summarizes nearly 40 years of research on influenza vaccination of pregnant women and the lack of association with adverse fetal or neonatal outcomes. Future research should focus on vaccinations that are given in the first trimester of pregnancy and on product-specific analyses to account for differences in manufacturing processes. © 2012 Mosby, Inc.
Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 in a 27-week macrosomic preterm newborn: The diagnostic value of rib malformations and index nail and finger hypoplasia; The Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 1 (SGBS1, OMIM #312870) is an X-linked overgrowth condition comprising abnormal facial appearance, supernumerary nipples, congenital heart defects, polydactyly, fingernail hypoplasia, increased risk of neonatal death and of neoplasia. It is caused by mutation/deletion of the GPC3 gene. We describe a macrosomic 27-week preterm newborn with SGBS1 who presents a novel GPC3 mutation and emphasize the phenotypic aspects which allow a correct diagnosis neonatally in particular the rib malformations, hypoplasia of index finger and of the same fingernail, and 2nd-3rd finger syndactyly. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Developmental origins of health and adult disease: What should neonatologists/paediatricians be considering about the long-term health of their patients?; The developmental origins of health and disease hypothesis is now strongly supported by both animal and human evidence, and as a consequence, obstetricians, neonatologists and paediatricians need to consider the impact that the in utero and early post-natal environment can have on later renal, cardiovascular and metabolic health. Four common clinical scenarios were provided along with animal and human evidence identifying long-term health implications. Suggestions as to how we should translate this growing body of evidence into practice are provided. © 2012 Paediatrics and Child Health Division (Royal Australasian College of Physicians).
Maternal adaptations and inheritance in the transgenerational programming of adult disease; Adverse exposures in utero have long been linked with an increased susceptibility to adult cardio-renal and metabolic diseases. Clear gender differences exist, whereby growth-restricted females, although exhibiting some phenotypic modifications, are often protected from overt disease outcomes. One of the greatest physiological challenges facing the female gender, however, is that of pregnancy; yet little research has focused on the outcomes associated with this, as a potential 'second-hit' for those who were small at birth. We review the limited evidence suggesting that pregnancy may unmask cardio-renal and metabolic disease states and the consequences for long-term maternal health in females who were born small. Additionally, a growing area of research in this programming field is in the transgenerational transmission of low birth weight and disease susceptibility. Pathways for transmission might include an abnormal adaptation to pregnancy by the growth-restricted mother and/or inheritance via the parental germline. Strategies to optimise the pregnancy environment and/or prevent the consequences of inheritance of programmed deficits and dysfunction are of critical importance for future generations. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Alterations of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism. Activation of sympathetic nervous system affects blood coagulation, fibrinolysis and platelet activation by several mechanisms. We aimed to study the relationship of sympathetic nervous system, coagulation and platelet function in gestational diabetes. Forty-one white women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant and 14 nonpregnant controls were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal (at 12 p.m., 4 a.m. and 7 a.m.) changes of the adrenergic transmitter noradrenaline, coagulation variables and platelet activation with PFA-100. Plasma noradrenaline increased from 4 to 7 a.m. in both pregnant groups. During the same time period, prothrombin time (PT) shortened in gestational diabetes compared with healthy pregnant and nonpregnant controls. In gestational diabetes, nocturnal FVIII:C levels were lower compared with normal pregnancy and also variables associated with von Willebrand factor tended to be lower. Platelet activity increased at midnight in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women without differences between gestational diabetes and normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes is associated with concomitant early morning sympathetic stimulation and activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway (shortened PT). Decreased FVIII:C may refer to compensatory anticoagulatory mechanism. These alterations could reflect increased risk of pregnancy-related thromboembolism in gestational diabetes. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health.
Antenatal factors associated with perinatal arterial ischemic stroke; BACKGROUND AND PURPOSE-: Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke (PAIS) is a common cause of hemiplegic cerebral palsy in children. The diagnosis of PAIS is based on cerebral imaging. The objective of our study was to determine prenatal risk factors associated with PAIS. METHODS-: A retrospective case-control study was nested in the whole population of Burgundy, France, from January 2000 to December 2007. Case patients were confirmed by review of brain imaging and medical records. Three control subjects per case were randomly selected from the study population by sex, term, place, and year of birth. RESULTS-: PAIS was confirmed in 32 patients and its incidence was one per 4400 live births. In comparison to control subjects, clinical conditions significantly associated to cases were gestational diabetes (16.1% versus 4.2%; P=0.04), fetal heart rate abnormalities (35.5% versus 10.9%; P=0.001), and meconium-stained liquor (40% versus 12%; P<0.001). At the limit of statistical significance were found maternal smoking before (39.3% versus 22.9%; P=0.08) and during pregnancy (32.1% versus 16.7%; P=0.07), cord abnormalities (29% versus 14.1%; P=0.06), and cesarean delivery (28.1% versus 14.6%; P=0.08). In the multivariate analysis, maternal smoking during pregnancy (OR, 3.1; 95% CI, 1.1-8.8; P=0.04) was the only risk factor significantly associated with PAIS. CONCLUSIONS-: This study is the first to identify maternal smoking during pregnancy as an independent prenatal risk factor of PAIS. Additional prospective studies are needed to confirm this result and to investigate the role of maternal smoking in fetal and neonatal thrombogenesis. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus reduces placental uptake of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids and interferes with trophoblast development; Objectives: The objectives of this work were to investigate the effects of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) a) upon the placental transport of the long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (LC-PUFAs) arachidonic acid (AA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), and b) upon viability, proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis of human primary cultured cytotrophoblasts. Methods: We investigated 14C-AA and 14C-DHA uptake by human cytotrophoblasts isolated from normal and GDM pregnancies (NTB and DTB cells, respectively). Radioactivity in the intracellular media was measured by liquid scintillation counting. Additionally, we compared NTB and DTB cell viability (by lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity assay), proliferation (by 3H-thymidine incorporation), differentiation (by alkaline phosphatase activity assay) and apoptosis (by TUNEL assay). Results: Uptake of 14C-AA and 14C-DHA by NTB cells was: (1) mediated by both saturable (for lower substrate concentrations) and non-saturable (for higher substrate concentrations) mechanisms; (2) acidic pHstimulated; (3) inhibited by long-chain fatty acids (with LC-PUFAs having a higher potency); and (4) strongly inhibited by the long-chain acyl-CoA synthetase (ACSL) inhibitor, triacsin C. When compared to NTB cells, DTB cells showed a markedly lower capacity for 14C-AA and 14C-DHA accumulation over time, through a decrease in both the saturable and the non-saturable components of uptake, and this was associated with a decrease in ACSL1 mRNA levels. Also, DTB cells showed higher turnover rates (higher proliferation and apoptosis rates) than NTB cells. Finally, uptake of LC-PUFAs in NTB cells was increased (by 20-25%) after shortterm exposure to TNF-a (14C-AA and 14C-DHA) and insulin (14C-DHA). Conclusion: In conclusion, placental uptake of LC-PUFAs is markedly decreased in GDM. This change does not seem to be accounted for isolated hallmarks of GDM, such as increased inflammation or hyperinsulinemia.
Placental findings in obstructive sleep apnea; Objectives: Sleep disordered breathing during pregnancy has been associated with adverse maternal outcomes. We reported previously an increased incidence of hypertensive disorders and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) associated with sleep disordered breathing. This study further investigated the placental findings in OSA. Methods: This was a retrospective case-control study of pregnant women with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). The control group consisted of women with a negative screen for OSA. Gestational age at delivery, placental weight percentile, findings of gross and microscopic examinations of placenta were collected. Placental findings were further classified into four categories. Frequency of pathological findings in OSA and control groups was compared by Fisher's exact test with P<0.05 as significant. Results: Fifteen placentas (10 term and 5 preterm) were available from women with OSA. There was one preterm stillbirth due to uteroplacental insufficiency. Forty-five placentas (32 term and 13 preterm) were randomly selected from the control group. There was one preterm stillbirth with no cause of death determined. Significant pathological findings in placentas from women with OSA included decidual vasculopathy (7/15 vs 8/45, P<0.05), abruption (3/15 vs 1/45, P<0.05), increased syncytial knots (8/15 vs 8/45, P<0.05). Significantly more “delayed villous maturity” was identified in term placentas with maternal OSA (3/10 vs 1/32, P<0.05). All above findings are related to maternal underperfusion. There were no significant differences in small-for-gestational age placentas or preterm birth. Conclusions: Significant changes related to maternal underperfusion were found in the placentas with maternal OSA. Decidual vasculopathy is often seen in hypertensive disorders and GDM and is regarded as underlying causes leading to infarct and abruption. Delayed villous maturity in term placenta is often seen with maternal GDM. These findings are consistent with clinical outcome findings and suggested a potential relationship between altered sleep patterns and placental underperfusion and reaction.
Successful growth hormone replacement therapy in Costello syndrome; Background: Costello syndrome(CS) is considered an overgrowth disorder given the macrosomia that is present at birth in 89% of the cases. However, shortly after birth the weight drops dramatically and the patients are usually referred for failure to thrive. Subsequently, affected patients develop the distinctive coarse facial appearance and are at risk for cardiac anomalies and solid tumor malignancies. Various endocrine disorders, although not very often, have been reported in patients with CS, including growth hormone deficiency, hypoglycemia, ACTH deficiency, cryptorchidism and hypothyroidism. Objective and hypotheses: We report a case of Costello syndrome and growth hormone deficiency and we evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of growth hormone replacement therapy. Methods: The index patient is a male born macrosomic at 35 weeks' gestational age by phenotypically healthy, non-consanguineous parents. Shortly after birth he was diagnosed with congenital hypothyroidism due to thyroid hypoplasia and put on thyroxine. At the age of 3.5 years' he was diagnosed with Costello syndrome based on clinical presentation and the diagnosis was confirmed with sequencing analysis of DNA sample indentified a heterozygous mutation, c.34G>A (p.Gly12Ser), in exon 2 of HRAS. Both weight and height were 5 SD below the mean and he found to have cryptorchidirm on the right. Serial two-dimensional echocardiograms showed very mild thickening of the intraventricular septum. He was diagnosed with growth hormone deficiency and put on growth hormone replacement therapy. Results: On follow-up the patient's height gradually improved without any signs of worsening cardiomyopathy or malignancies. He is currently 14-year-old and his height is at 10th percentile. Conclusions: Given the limited literature on growth hormone deficiency in patients with CS the current case adds useful information on this field. Since patients with CS are at increased risk for cardiac myopathy and tumor development they deserve close monitoring during treatment.
Abstracts of the 34th ESPEN Congress; The proceedings contain 700 papers. The topics discussed include: tight calorie control (TICACOS) in geriatric hip fracture patients; insulin therapy can inhibit the boosting effect on systemic inflammatory response due to overfeeding-induced hyperglycemia under septic conditions, resulting in nutritional stress; effect of prepregnancy obesity on fatty acids and birth outcomes in subjects with gestational diabetes mellitus; glutamine supplementation alleviates vasculopathy and alters plasma metabolome in an in vivo model of endothelial cell dysfunction; the impact of implementation of enteral feeding protocol on the improvement in enteral feeding practice of adult critically ill patients; standardized parenteral nutrition support in obese critically-ill patients; nutritional status and body composition of patients with typical geriatric bone fractures; and enteral tube feeding that includes EPA and DHA improves inflammation and iron metabolism in the elderly.
Left and right ventricular longitudinal cardiac strain in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Purpose. Prior studies suggest that fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus demonstrate evidence of impaired myocardial performance and diastolic cardiac function. However, cardiac strain has not previously been quantified in this population. The aim of this study was to determine whether left and right ventricular (LV and RV) cardiac strain measurements in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes differ from those of normal controls. Methods. Syngo Velocity Vector Imaging software was used by two blinded observers to measure total longitudinal ventricular strain on singleton fetuses with maternal diabetes and no evidence of cardiac disease as well as gestational age-matched normal controls referred for a family history of congenital heart disease. Two-tailed paired t-tests were used to compare global LV and RV longitudinal strain among the two populations. LV and RV strain were also compared between the subpopulation of fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers and normal controls. Intraand interobserver reliability were calculated using intraclass correlation coefficients (ICC). Results. Data from 80 fetuses (40 fetuses of diabetic mothers and 40 age-matched controls) with a median gestational age of 22 weeks (range 20-37 weeks) was analyzed. The total longitudinal LV and RV strain in fetuses of diabetic mothers, respectively, was -11.4 ± 5.6% and -10.2 ± 5.9%. Total longitudinal LV and RV strain in normal controls was -11.5 ± 5% and -11.8 ± 5.4%. There was no significant difference in global LV (P = .91) or RV (P = .12) strain between the two groups. LV and RV strain in the subpopulation of fetuses with insulin-dependent diabetic mothers also did not differ from that of normal controls. Intraobserver agreement was strong for both LV (ICC = 0.79, 95% confidence interval 0.69-0.86) and RV (ICC = 0.8, 95% CI 0.71-0.87) strain measurements. Interobserver agreement measured on a 20% sample of patients was also strong for both LV (ICC = 0.91, 95% CI 0.76-0.97) and RV (ICC = 0.82, 95% CI 0.5-0.94). Conclusion. Fetuses of diabetic mothers have overall similar total longitudinal strain to normal fetuses. However, further analysis of higher-risk subgroups, such as fetuses that are large for gestational age or have mothers with poorly controlled diabetes, should be pursued to better characterize this population.
Membrano-proliferative glomerulonephritis (MPGN) of solitary kidney in an infant with congenital cystic adenomatoid malformation of the lung (CCAM); Introduction: CCAM is a rare pulmonary hamartomatous abnormality associated with other congenital malformations in up to 25 % of cases (abdominal wall abnormalities, kidney, central nervous system, gastrointestinal, cardiac and great vessels defects and sirenomelia). The aim of the study was to present unusual coincidence of CCAM, unilateral renal agenesis and glomerulonephritis. Material and methods: This is a case report of 2-yr-old boy who at the age of 7 months was referred to pediatric nephrologist for evaluation of proteinuria, which had been observed since birth. The baby of nonconsanguineous parents was delivered by a 39-yr-old diabetic mother. Antenatally, a lung abnormality and renal agenesis were suspected. After birth, he presented with severe respiratory distress and cardiac failure. Chest CT showed picture of CCAM type II according to Stoker classification. Echocardiography and abdominal sonography revealed cardiomyopathy and left kidney agenesis respectively. Results: On admission, urinary Pr/Cr ratio was 6 mg/dl/mg/ dl, hypoproteinemia (48 g/l) with mild hypoalbuminemia (33 g/l) and hypocomplementemia (C3-77 mg/dl) were also found. Treatment with ACEI was started with moderate influence onto urinary protein excretion. At the age of 10 months, operative kidney biopsy was performed. Among 20 glomeruli seen in light microscopy, 2 were sclerosed and the rest showed lobularity with prominent mesangial proliferation and thickened double contoured vascular loops. Immunohistology revealed IgM and C1q mesangial deposits and electron microscopy showed mesangial and endothelial cells proliferation with subepithelial and subendothelial deposits and double-contoured basement membranes with segmental thickening. Glomerular changes corresponded with type III MPGN - kidney abnormality not described in CCAM till now. Taking into account genetic and/or immunological cause of glomerulopathy, treatment with cyclosporine A was started after completing immunizations. Proteinuria gradually disappeared and kidney function after 6 months of treatment was normal. Conclusions: MPGN may appear in patients with CCAM. The nature of this coincidence is not clear and requires further studies.
Severe neonatal hypertesion: Diagnosis,management and renal outcome; Introduction: Hypertension in term or preterm neonates is seen in up to 2 % of all infants at NICU. Over 1 year period 6 infants developed severe hypertension with cardiac dysfunction. Causes of hypertension, different therapeutic modalities and renal outcome are analyzed. Material and methods: 5 newborns developed severe hypertension at 1 to 14 days of age, 1 infant at the age of 6 months. Hypertension was defined as systolic blood pressure≥ 95 th percentile for age and sex. All had symptoms of cardiac dysfunction (congestive heart failure, cardiomegaly, left ventricular hypertrophy). Causes of hypertension (clinical, laboratory and radiologic testing): unilateral renal venous thrombosis (RVT) with thrombus extended into inferior vena cava (IVC) (n=2, one with solitary kidney), midaortic syndrome (n=1), renal artery stenosis (RAS)/RAS secondary to fibromuscular dysplasia (FMD) (n=3). Risk factors were identified in both pts with RVT (maternal diabetes mellitus, gestational age of <36 weeks), hereditary prothrombotic risk factors were excluded. PRA/plasma aldosteron were extremelly high in all RAS pts. Three or more antihypertensives controlled hypertension in pts with RAS/FMD/midaortic sy. Angioplasty was made in 1/3 pts with RAS at the age of 7 months. One newborn with RVT was treated with low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), selective thrombolysis and surgical intervention.The second one with solitary kidney and RVT required 2 days peritoneal dialysis followed by LMWH therapy. Results: 6-12 months later renal functions normalized in all pts (GFR 1.38-2.09 mL/s). Pts with RVT are without therapy, in 1/2 is evidence of renal atrophy (function of 25 % on DMSA). 1/3 pts with RAS/FMD remains on antihypertensive monotherapy, function of affected kidney varied from 10 % to 33 %. Only 1 patient (midaortic sy) still required 2 antihypertesives. Conclusions: In our experience, neonatal renovascular hypertension is no longer uncommon, responds to early detection, aggressive management, and rarely requires early nephrectomy.
Coronary artery malformation in the offspring of pre-gestational diabetes in mice; Women with pre-existing diabetes before pregnancy have a 5-fold increased risk of congenital heart defects in their offspring. Major congenital heart diseases involving malformation of the septum, ventricles, atria and great arteries have been reported in humans and diabetic animal models. Whether the coronary artery formation is affected by maternal diabetes remains elusive. In this study we investigated coronary artery formation in the offspring from mice with pre-gestational diabetes. Adult C57BL/6 female mice were treated with multiple low dose streptozotocin to induce diabetes. One week later, they became diabetic with elevated blood glucose levels, and were bred with C57BL/6 males. Their offspring was harvested at E9.5, E12.5 and P1. Hearts were serially sectioned to evaluate coronary artery morphology and immunostained for Wilm's tumor (Wt)-1 protein to study changes in proepicardium organ (PEO) and the epicardium. Our results showed that coronary artery size and total coronary artery volume were significantly decreased in the offspring of diabetic mice at P1. PEO at E9.5 was similar in size between the offspring of diabetic and non-diabetic mice. However, a significant reduction in the number of epicardial cells was observed in the diabetic offspring at E12.5. Moreover, these embryos showed reduction of myocardial mass. We conclude that pre-gestational diabetes induces coronary artery malformation possibly by disrupting epicardial development, which is critical for formation of coronary arteries through epithelial to mesenchymal transformation.
Sleep disruption and adverse pregnancy outcomes; A recent meta-analysis reported the most important and potentially modifiable risk factors for stillbirth [1]. Approximately half of these risk factors are likely influenced by maternal sleep disruption. Poor sleep occurs for many reasons although the most common sleep problems include: • sleep restriction (short sleep duration), which is often self-imposed because of busy lifestyles; • sleep-disordered breathing (SDB), a term which describes a spectrum of breathing problems during sleep from habitual snoring to obstructive sleep apnea, resulting in oxygen desaturation and sleep fragmentation; and • poor sleep quality. Emerging literature now suggests that sleep disruption during pregnancy is associated with poor pregnancy outcomes for both mother and infant [2]. There are emerging associations between maternal sleep and several major risk factors for stillbirth: maternal obesity, gestational hypertension/ pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intra-uterine growth restriction (IUGR). In recent years, sleep duration has drastically fallen and has been paralleled by a rise in the prevalence of obesity. Chronic sleep restriction (such as self-imposed short sleep duration) plays a pivotal role in the pathophysiology of overweight and obesity via the modulation of neuroendocrine function. Sleep disruption, including short sleep duration and sleep fragmentation, has emerged as a major determinant of metabolic health, independently of weight and is implicated in poor glucose control [3] and possibly gestational diabetes. Of note, approximately half of all Western women of childbearing age are overweight or obese and obesity can lead to increased risk for sleep disorders such as SDB. Habitual snoring is the main symptom of SDB and its frequency reaches a peak in the third trimester, affecting approximately one third of pregnant women in general, and the majority of those with preeclampsia. Habitual snoring is independently associated with gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia [4]. Although the pathogenesis of preeclampsia is not completely understood, the biological pathways include endothelial dysfunction, oxidative stress, and inflammation. The pathogenic process likely originates in the placenta during early pregnancy with abnormal implantation and vasculature development. This leads to oxidative stress and inflammation with subsequent release of anti-angiogenic factors and widespread endothelial dysfunction. Sleep disruption, including poor sleep quality, in early pregnancy has been suggested to adversely impact implantation [5] which has the potential to accelerate the cascade of inflammation and oxidative stress described above. Notably, the mechanisms of sleep disruption that affect cardiovascular morbidity are remarkably similar to the biological pathways for pre-eclampsia. Poor sleep quality during pregnancy is already evident in the first trimester and has been associated with increased risk for longer labors and Caesarean section delivery [6], as well as preterm delivery [5], likely via its impact on neuroendocrine, metabolic, and inflammatory pathways. In women with SDB, case reports have shown that maternal obstructive apneas are associated with fetal heart rate decelerations, perhaps due to uteroplacental hypoperfusion, a mechanism implicated in intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). In summary, maternal sleep disruption is emerging as a significant factor in adverse pregnancy outcomes. Future research should consider maternal sleep when investigating stillbirth.
Left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To evaluate left ventricular function in newborn infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Forty newborn infants of mother with GDM(GDM group) and forty normal newborn infants (control group) were enrolled in this study. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging was used to measure interventricular septal thickness, posterior left ventricular wall thickness and left ventricular ejection fraction in both groups. Left ventricular rotation and torsion were evaluated for all participants. Results: Interventricular septal thickness in the GDM group was much higher than in the control group (0.45 ± 0.06 mm vs 0.34 ± 0.05 mm; P < 0.05). Posterior left ventricular wall thickness in the GDM group was also higher than in the control group (0.45 ± 0.17 mm vs 0.31 ± 0.02 mm; P < 0.05). There was no difference in the left ventricular ejection fraction between the two groups (P > 0.05). Peak subendocardial rotation, peak subepicardial rotation, peak bulk rotation and peak mural torsion were higher in the GDM group than in the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Cardiac function may be impaired in newborn infants of mothers with GDM, with changes in left ventricular shape and abnormalities of left ventricular rotation and torsion. However, infants have a normal ventricular blood ejection under the cardiac compensation. Two-dimensional speckle tracking imaging technique can be used for early detection of left ventricular function.
Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke in Northern Queensland; Objectives Our objective was to review the occurrence, presentation, and associated risk factors of stroke in infants at a tertiary neonatal intensive care unit. Study Design Inpatient electronic records identified infants between March 2002 and March 2011 who had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. Results Ten infants had perinatal arterial ischemic stroke, 50% were outborn, 20% were indigenous, and mortality was 30%. Median birth weight was 2970 g (range 1699 to 3443 g), and median gestation was 36 weeks (range 32 to 41 weeks). Perinatal arterial ischemic stroke were left sided in three, right sided in three, and bilateral in four. Presentation included four with seizures, four with apnea/sepsis, one with thrombosis, and one without symptoms. In 4 of 10 cases reported in this series, there was a maternal history of gestational diabetes, although the incidence of gestational diabetes in Australia is only 4.5%. Conclusion The incidence of gestational diabetes mellitus in our cases appears to be very much higher than the average population. Larger studies are needed to determine if gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for perinatal arterial ischemic stroke. Copyright © 2012 by Thieme Medical.
Pregnancy in diabetic woman with coexisting hypothyroidism, coronary artery disease and with early onset nephrotic syndrome - a case report; We present a case of pregnancy in 28-years old nulliparous woman with an over 20-years long history of diabetes, hypothyroidism, diabetic nephropathy with nephrotic syndrome, retinopathy and coronary artery disease treated with PCA prior the pregnancy (class H diabetes, according to White classification). © Polskie Towarzystwo Ginekologiczne.
Evaluation of the future atherosclerotic heart disease with oxidative stress and carotid artery intima media thickness in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and objective. In this study our aim was to evaluate paraoxonase (PON1) activity and free sulfhydryl groups (SH) as antioxidative parameters and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) as oxidative parameter in the serum of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and determine their relation with the degree of subclinical atherosclerosis. Material and methods. Serum samples from 39 pregnant women complicated with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were collected for the analysis of oxidative markers. Common carotid artery intima media thickness (CIMT) was measured for both groups to assess future atherosclerotic heart disease risk. PON1 activity and SH were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results. CIMT and LOOH levels were significantly higher (p=0.01, p < 0.001, respectively) in GDM group compared to controls, whereas PON1 and SH levels were significantly lower (p < 0.001 for both). CIMT values were significantly correlated with body mass index (BMI), 50 g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), and mean arterial blood pressure (MABP) (p=0.003, p=0.02, and p=0.03, respectively). However, there was no correlation between CIMT and oxidative markers. Conclusions. Increased levels of LOOH and decreased levels of PON1 and SH showed disturbance of antioxidative mechanisms in GDM. These changes were associated with increased BMI and MABP which may be relevant to GDM pathophysiology. Furthermore, increased CIMT values in GDM compared to healthy controls designate increased risk of future atherosclerotic heart disease. © 2012 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Hypertension in Pregnancy; Hypertension in pregnancy is diagnosed on systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 140 mm Hg and/or diastolic greater than or equal to 90 mm Hg. The classification systems separate chronic and gestational hypertension from preeclampsia. Significant uncertainty regarding optimal management is reflected in the differing major international society recommendations. Blood pressure treatment is designed to minimize maternal end-organ damage. Methyldopa, labetalol, hydralazine, and nifedipine are oral options; angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors and angiotensin receptor antagonists are contraindicated. Women with preeclampsia should be closely monitored and receive intravenous magnesium sulfate. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Incidence, risk factors, management, and outcomes of stroke in pregnancy; OBJECTIVE:: To estimate the incidence of antenatal stroke in the United Kingdom and to describe risk factors associated with stroke during pregnancy, management, and outcomes. METHODS:: A population-based (nationwide) cohort and nested case-control study was conducted using the UK Obstetric Surveillance System between October 2007 and March 2010. We investigated the potential factors associated with antenatal stroke using a logistic regression analysis to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). RESULTS:: Thirty cases of antenatal stroke were reported giving an estimated incidence of 1.5 cases per 100,000 women delivering (95% CI 1.0-2.1). The incidences of nonhemorrhagic and hemorrhagic stroke were 0.9 (95% CI 0.5-1.3) and 0.6 (95% CI 0.3-1.0) per 100,000 women delivering. Factors associated with increased risk of antenatal stroke were history of migraine (adjusted OR 8.5, 95% CI 1.5-62.1), gestational diabetes (adjusted OR 26.8, 95% CI 3.2-), and preeclampsia or eclampsia (adjusted OR 7.7, 95% CI 1.3-55.7). There was wide variation in the use of pharmacologic, surgical, and organized stroke unit care. There were six stroke-related maternal deaths giving a case-fatality rate of 20% of all strokes, 50% of hemorrhagic strokes, and a mortality rate of 0.3 (95% CI 0.1-0.6) per 100,000 women delivering. CONCLUSION:: The risk of a stroke during pregnancy is low; however, the poor outcomes in terms of morbidity and mortality and variations in care highlight the importance of such women receiving specialist stroke care. Clinicians should be aware of an association with a history of migraine, gestational diabetes, and preeclampsia or eclampsia. I© 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Sleep Disorders in Pregnancy. Implications, Evaluation, and Treatment; The dynamic changes across pregnancy affect sleep and wakefulness producing sleep disturbances, which causes sleep disorders in some cases. This review will identify common sleep disorders in pregnancy, related maternal-fetal outcomes, pathophysiologic mechanisms, and potential therapies to guide clinicians in serving this population. © 2012.
Carotid intima media thickness, brachial flow mediated dilation and previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common pregnancy condition with long-Term complications. We examined the association between inflammatory mediators and early atherosclerosis process by measuring the flow mediated dilatation (FMD) of brachial artery and carotid intima media thickness (CIMT) in women with previous GDM (pGDM). Material and Methods: Women with and without pGDM with an average of 4 years following the indexed pregnancy, participated in this study. Serum levels of IL-6, hs-CRP, adiponectin, homocystein and other biomedical parameters were measured. The existence of early atherogenesis process was evaluated by measuring CIMT and FMD. Results: HOMA-IR and insulin were significantly higher in women with pGDM. Women with pGDM had slightly higher CIMT and significantly lower percent of brachial FMD. FMD and CIMT, adjusted for age and blood pressure, showed the same pattern. FMD showed no correlation with biochemical or inflammatory markers. Conclusion: Follow-up of this group of women, who are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease, with FMD should be considered. © 2012 The Authors.
Addressing the Increased Cardiometabolic Risk of Early Parenthood Through Physical Activity; Physical activity plays an important role in the prevention of obesity and obesity-related comorbidities. However, participation in physical activity varies through life and during certain periods in the life course the opportunities to engage in physical activities may be greater than during others. A particularly vulnerable period during adulthood for participation in physical activity is parenthood. Evidence suggests that parents are less active than nonparents, and this decline is particularly salient for mothers. Mothers and fathers are therefore at increased risk for the development of a number of obesity-related diseases (diabetes mellitus, heart disease, hypertension). To address this increased risk, it is imperative that greater attention be paid to establishing physical activity interventions that target the early years of parenthood. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Congenital heart disease: Current knowledge about causes and inheritance; About 80% of congenital heart disease (CHD) is multifactorial and arises through various combinations of genetic and environmental contributors. About 20% of cases can be attributed to chromosomal anomalies, Mendelian syndromes, non-syndromal single gene disorders or teratogens. Down syndrome and velocardiofacial syndrome are the most commonly seen syndromes in patients with CHD. To date, more than 30 genes have been linked to nonsyndromal forms of CHD. Their contribution to CHD remains unknown but is presumed to be relatively small. There is limited evidence for the contribution of specific environmental factors to CHD causation. However, folic acid supplementation in the pre- and peri-conception period, ensuring rubella vaccination has been completed before pregnancy, and maintaining good glycaemic control in mothers with diabetes may reduce the risk of CHD in infants. Recurrence risks vary between different types of nonsyndromal CHD with multifactorial inheritance, and can be as high as 10% when two or more siblings are affected. Generally, the recurrence risk increases if a parent rather than a sibling is affected, particularly when the affected parent is the mother. Individualised recurrence risks can be generated for members of families affected by CHD after obtaining a detailed family history, including accurate cardiac diagnoses for all affected members. High-throughput genetic techniques can accelerate gene discovery and improve our ability to provide individualised genetic counselling.
The thrifty phenotype hypothesis revisited; Twenty years ago, Hales and Barker along with their co-workers published some of their pioneering papers proposing the žthrifty phenotype hypothesis' in Diabetologia (4;35:595-601 and 3;36:62-67). Their postulate that fetal programming could represent an important player in the origin of type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease (CVD) was met with great scepticism. More recently, their observations have been confirmed and expanded in many epidemiological and animal experimental studies, and human integrative physiological studies have provided insights into some of the underlying molecular mechanisms. Type 2 diabetes is a multiple-organ disease, and developmental programming, with its idea of organ plasticity, is a plausible hypothesis for a common basis for the widespread organ dysfunctions in type 2 diabetes and the metabolic syndrome. Only two among the 45 known type 2 diabetes susceptibility genes are associated with low birthweight, indicating that the association between low birthweight and type 2 diabetes is mainly nongenetic. Prevention programmes targeting adult lifestyle factors seems unable to stop the global propagation of type 2 diabetes, and intensive glucose control is inadequate to reduce the excess CVD mortality in type 2 diabetic patients. Today, the thrifty phenotype hypothesis has been established as a promising conceptual framework for a more sustainable intergenerational prevention of type 2 diabetes. © The Author(s) 2012.
Umbilical artery intima-media and wall thickness in infants of diabetic mothers; Background: Large for gestational age (LAG) neonates who had been exposed to an intrauterine environment of either diabetes or maternal obesity are at increased risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. This can be explained by exposure to high glucose and insulin levels in utero which alter fetal adaptation and programming. Objectives: The aim of the study was to evaluate the onset of preclinical atherosclerosis in utero. Methods: We measured umbilical artery wall thickness (ruWT) in the third trimester by obstetric ultrasound and umbilical artery intima-media thickness (uIMT) in pathologic specimens of umbilical cords obtained shortly after delivery and investigated the relation between these measurements and serum insulin level and C-peptide level in cord blood and assessed insulin resistance with the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), i.e. the study group, which was divided into a large for gestational age group (LGA)-IDM group and an appropriate for gestational age group (AGA)-IDM group and compared with a control group. Results: The LGA-IDM group had significantly higher insulin (p < 0.001), C-peptide (p = 0.018) and HOMA-IR levels (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and control groups. The LGA-IDM group had significantly larger ruWT (p = 0.013) and uIMT (p < 0.001) compared with the AGA-IDM and the control groups. The LGA-IDM group had increased uIMT and ruWT that correlated with the severity of maternal hyperglycemia. Conclusions: Measurement of ruWT in the third trimester is feasible, reproducible and strongly correlated with pathological serum insulin, C-peptide in cord blood and HOMA-IR levels. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Comparison of different cardiac risk scores for coronary artery disease in women: Do female-specific risk factors matter?; Background: The estimation of the pre-test probability of coronary artery disease (CAD) in women is often difficult, due to a different clinical presentation compared to men. Meanwhile, cardiovascular diseases remain the leading cause of death in women, urging the need for more accurate risk assessment scores. The aims of our study were to compare the accuracy of several widely used cardiac risk assessment scores in predicting the likelihood of obstructive CAD on CT coronary angiography (CTCA) in women and to explore which female-specific risk factors were independent predictors for obstructive CAD on CTCA, and if adding these factors to usual risk assessment scores would improve their accuracy. Methods: Data was obtained from a cohort of 228 female patients undergoing clinical evaluation for CAD and referred for CTCA. Obstructive CAD was defined as ≥ 50% luminal stenosis on CTCA. Pre-test probability for CAD was calculated according to the Diamond and Forrester score, New Score, Duke Clinical Score, and the updated Diamond and Forrester score. Female specific factors were obtained using a written questionnaire. Pre-test probability scores were compared with ROC analysis. Results: ROC analysis showed that only the New Score and the extended Diamond & Forrester model were significant predictors of obstructive CAD on CTCA in women (area under the curve [AUC] 0.67, p < 0.01; AUC 0.61, p = 0.04, respectively). Multivariable logistic regression analysis identified that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and estrogen status were independent predictors of obstructive CAD when adjusted for the pre-test probability scores. The updated Diamond and Forrester score was used for Net Reclassification Improvement (NRI) analyses, since the New Score already accounts for estrogen status. Adding GDM and estrogen status to the updated Diamond and Forrester score resulted in a significant NRI (p = 0.04). Conclusion: Adding female-specific risk factors to the cardiac pre-test probability scores significantly improves their accuracy in predicting the presence of symptomatic CAD in women.
Cardiac troponin levels before labour predict complications with proteinuria in the postpartum period; Purpose: We have previously reported that both cardiac troponin and N-terminal natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) levels are increased before and/or after delivery in some pregnant women, and that these raised levels could be associated with cardiovascular complications. Accordingly, we further examined whether these parameters could be used as a marker of cardiovascular complications in the postpartum period. Methods: Two hundred and two pregnant women were prospectively enrolled in the study. Serum samples were obtained from the women just before labour and again after delivery. Half (50%) of the 202 pregnant women underwent caesarean section. Thirty-eight (19%) experienced complications of preeclampsia or gestational hypertension, whereas 25 (12%) were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Cardiac troponin I (cTnI) levels were measured using the TnIultra assay, whereas cardiac troponin T (cTnT) levels were measured using the hs-cTnT assay. The limit of detection (LOD) for cTnI and cTnT was 6 and 3 ng/L, respectively. Urinary protein tests were also performed, for which a value greater than 15 mg/dL was considered positive. Results: Among the 202 subjects, 178 women [mean (SD) age, 33.8 (4.9) years] underwent the urinary protein test. Thirty-seven (20.8%) women were positive for the test in the postpartum period approximately 1 month after delivery. There was no significant difference between the urinary protein positive and negative groups with respect to the levels of NT-poBNP and cTnI. Further, there was no significant difference between the groups regarding the history of caesarean section, preeclampsia, and GDM. The only significant difference between the two groups was cTnT levels before labour. In 131 subjects, urinary protein tests were performed both at admission and during the postpartum period. In 88 women (UC), the test results did not differ between before delivery and at 1 month after delivery, whereas the test results were improved (changed from positive to negative) in 25 women and deteriorated (changed from negative to positive) in 18 women. In the UC group of women before delivery, 14% had cTnT levels higher than the LOD, whereas in the improved group only 8% had cTnT levels higher than the LOD. In contrast, 44.4% of women in the deteriorated group had cTnT levels higher than the LOD. Conclusion: The cTnT levels just before delivery were significantly correlated with a positive urinary protein test in the postpartum period, but not with cTnT levels after delivery. These results indicate that cTnT could be used an indicator of kidney injury even before delivery.
7-year reduction of exercise max heart rate predicts new onset diabetes; Purpose: An elevated resting heart rate has previously been reported to predict new onset diabetes (NOD). Pre-diabetic autonomic nervous system dysfunction has been suggested to be the mediating mechanism. We tested if change in maximum heart rate (ΔMHR) through seven years predicts NOD over 28 years. Methods: Exercise MHR was measured among 1,387 healthy men at two separate examinations, in 1972 and in 1979. The men were divided into quartiles (Q1-Q4) by ΔMHR. NOD events were registered in a nationwide survey of all participants' hospital charts through 2008. Relative risk of NOD in the quartiles was calculated using Cox proportional hazard regression adjusting for baseline MHR, maternal diabetes, smoking status, systolic blood pressure, fasting triglycerides, fasting blood glucose, age, BMI, physical fitness and change in physical fitness. Results: A total of 124 NOD events were registered. Median MHR at baseline was 165 and 160 seven years later. The incidence of NOD was the highest among the men who decreased their MHR the most (Q1) and lowest among those who increased their MHR (Q4). Q1 was associated with an 82% increased NOD-risk compared with Q4. (Table Presented) Conclusions: These findings indicate that a reduction of MHR of more than 15 BPM over seven years is independently associated with a significantly increased long-term risk of new onset diabetes. We suggest that a marked fall in maximum heart rate could be associated with autonomic nervous system dysfunction. This observation could be helpful when identifying individuals at high risk of developing diabetes.
Abdominal aorta vascular wall changes in healthy term neonates induced by their own and mothers cardiovascular risk factors; Purpose: Prematurity and birth weight influence adulthood cardiovascular risk profile. Nevertheless, other mothers' and infants' parameters can be considered as early determinants of adult cardiovascular risk. Study aim was to evaluate the influence of maternal cardiovascular risk factors, pregnancy lifestyle habits, serum levels of lipids and proinflammatory markers of healthy term neonates at birth, on antero-posterior abdominal aorta diameter (APAO) (a well-established early marker of atherosclerosis). Methods: We studied 97 neonates and their mothers (mean age: 32±4 years). We evaluated: gestational age, birth weight, length and head circumference, fasting glucose, total, HDL-, and LDL-cholesterol, triglycerides, fibrinogen, D-dimers and APAO within 24 hours after birth. Cardiovascular risk profiles of mothers considered: diabetes, gestational hypertension, smoking and prepregnancy body mass index (BMI). Results: Maternal BMI showed an inverse relationship with infants D-dimers levels (r= -0.26, p=0.007). Mothers who smoked before and during the first trimester of pregnancy had newborns with significantly lower HDL cholesterol values than newborns of mothers who never smoked (24.9 mg/dl vs 34.2 mg/dl; p = 0.005). Babies of smoker mothers showed a greater APAO than non-smoker ones (5.2+1.05 mm vs 4.6+0.96 mm, p=0.007). APAO was significantly and positively correlated with D-dimers levels (r= +0.376, p=0.001), total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio (r= +0.221, p=0.029) and negatively associated with HDL-cholesterol (r= -0.249, p=0.013). (Figure presented) Conclusions: Our study shows that APAO is positively associated with newborn's D-dimer levels, total-to-HDL cholesterol ratio and maternal smoking, whereas is inversely correlate with HDL cholesterol. Thus, neonatal APAO is affected by prenatal and maternal factors.
Epigenetic influences that modulate infant growth, development, and disease; Significance: Epigenetic modifications are key processes in understanding normal human development and are largely responsible for the myriad cell and tissue types that originate from a single-celled fertilized ovum. The three most common processes involved in bringing about epigenetic changes are DNA methylation, histone modification, and miRNA effects. There are critical periods in the development of the zygote, the embryo, and the fetus where in the organism is most susceptible to epigenetic influences because of normal demethylation and de novo methylation processes that occur in the womb. Recent Advances: A number of epigenetic modifications of normal growth patterns have been recognized, leading to altered development and disease states in the mammalian fetus and infant. 'Fetal programming' due to these epigenetic changes has been implicated in pathogenesis of adult-onset disease such as hypertension, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. There may also be transgenerational effects of such epigenetic modifications. Critical Issues: The impact of environmental agents and endogenous factors such as stress at critical periods of infant development has immediate, life-long and even multi-generational effects. Both the timing and the degree of insult may be important. Understanding these influences may help prevent onset of disease and promote normal growth. Future Directions: Use of one-carbon metabolism modifying agents such as folic acid during critical periods of epigenetic modulation may have significant clinical impact. Their use as therapeutic agents in targeted epigenetic modulation of genes may be the new frontier for clinical therapeutics. © 2012 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Pregnancy in type 1 diabetes mellitus: How special are special issues?; India leads the world with largest number of diabetics earning the dubious distinction of "the diabetes capital of the world." Diabetes is associated with maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. The number of pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes is increasing, mainly from an increase in type 2 diabetes, but also an increase in type 1 diabetes. Overall, type 1 diabetes accounts for approximately 5% to 10% of all diabetes outside of pregnancy, and in pregnancy put together with type 2 account for 10% of diabetic pregnancies. Management of the pregnant diabetic woman is a complex task that ideally begins before conception. Specific attention is required for diabetic pregnancies in different trimesters of pregnancy. Diabetes, especially type 1 diabetes, can be a challenge in pregnancy, but with education, close monitoring, and latest therapeutic modalities, these women can have healthy newborns. Close attention to diet, glycemic control, metabolic stresses, and early diagnosis and monitoring of complications can make pregnancy a successful experience for women with diabetes. A MedLine search was done to review relevant articles in English literature on diabetes and pregnancy, and specific issues related to pregnancy in type 1 diabetes were reviewed.
Clinical manifestations of obstructive sleep apnoea in pregnancy: More than snoring and witnessed apnoeas; Sleep disordered breathing and its symptoms have been associated with a multitude of fetal and maternal complications including gestational hypertensive disorders, gestational diabetes and possibly pre-term labour and other markers of alterations in fetal wellbeing. The disease remains underdiagnosed in the general population but likely also in pregnancy, mostly because providers do not appropriately screen for the disorder. Sleep disordered breathing may manifest differently in women, since women report more fatigue and less snoring than men do. This paper discusses typical presentations of sleep disordered breathing but also reports some less obvious presentations to help providers recognise those manifestations and screen for the disorder when warranted. Our case series describes patients with diagnoses such as chronic hypertension, pre-eclampsia, pulmonary hypertension, nocturnal asthma and panic attacks, who were diagnosed with sleep disordered breathing and offered treatment with CPAP during pregnancy. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Rate and risk predictors for development of self-reported type-2 diabetes mellitus over a 5-year period: The SHIELD study; Aims: This investigation determined the proportion of adults newly diagnosed as having type-2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and ascertained risk predictors for development of self-reported T2DM. Methods: The US Study to Help Improve Early evaluation and management of risk factors Leading to Diabetes (SHIELD) survey was a 5-year longitudinal study of adults with and without diabetes mellitus. Adults completed a baseline health questionnaire in 2004 and ≥1 annual follow-up survey through 2009. Respondents with no self-reported diagnosis of diabetes at baseline were followed to measure rate of and assess risk factors for development of T2DM over 5 years. Results: Among 8582 respondents without diabetes at baseline, 622 (7.2%) reported a diagnosis of T2DM over the subsequent 5 years. Increasing age, family history of T2DM, body mass index ≥30 kg/m2, abdominal obesity, excessive thirst, asthma, gestational diabetes and 'high blood sugar without diabetes' significantly increased the risk of developing T2DM (p < 0.05 for each). Good to excellent health status and self-reported circulatory problems decreased the risk (p < 0.05 for each). Conclusions: Among this representative US adult population, the rate of developing T2DM was 7.2% over 5 years. Predictors of T2DM diagnosis identified in this analysis were readily obtainable via self-report. © 2012 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Vaginal birth after cesarean and trial of labor after cesarean: What should we be recommending relative to maternal risk:benefit?; Trial of labor after cesarean (TOLAC) delivery is currently a hot obstetrical topic owing to the acute rise in the rate of cesarean deliveries, both primary and repeat. When the physician and patient are considering TOLAC, several factors should be considered: risk of uterine rupture, contraindications, minimizing risk and morbidity, choosing the appropriate candidate and whether or not to induce. Each patient has her own set of individual risk factors that may decrease her chance of successful vaginal birth after cesarean delivery or increase her risks with TOLAC. Once all things are considered, the risk:benefit of TOLAC should be weighed up before a decision is reached. Each of these factors is discussed in respect to maternal risk:benefit, with the focus on evidence presented in the current literature. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
Altered transitional circulation in infants of diabetic mothers with strict antenatal obstetric management: A functional echocardiography study; Objective: Infants born to diabetic mothers (IDMs) even with good glycemic control are at risk for neonatal morbidity. Many of these problems occur during neonatal transition. We assessed (i) systemic and pulmonary blood flow in IDMs compared with controls and (ii) directional blood flow changes within fetal shunts during the first few days of life. Study Design: In this prospective observational cohort study, we evaluated right (RVO) and left ventricular output, superior vena cava flow, atrial and ductal shunts, and tricuspid regurgitation in 32 IDMs and 18 controls using serial echocardiography after birth and 48 h of life in both groups and at 24 and 72 h in IDMs only. Result: IDMs had lower RVO after birth and 48 h of life. IDMs also had less left to right atrial shunt and more right to left ductal shunt after birth compared with controls. In all, 15 of the 32 IDMs were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit and 11 had respiratory symptoms. Conclusion: Persistence of fetal shunts and decreased RVO in IDMs suggest that even those with good gestational control have impaired transitional hemodynamics. © 2012 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Pre-eclampsia following chemotherapy for breast cancer during pregnancy: Case report and review of the literature; Purpose There has been some discussion about the eVect of antineoplastic agents on the trophoblast, and whether this is associated with abnormal placental function such as an increased risk of pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. We discuss a possible causal relationship between chemotherapy for breast cancer during pregnancy and the development of pre-eclampsia based on the occurrence of both in a recent pregnancy. Methods We report the case of a 34-year-old gravida 4, para 1 with unilateral ductal invasive breast cancer, treated by surgery and subsequent chemotherapy during pregnancy. At 36 + 2 weeks of gestation a growth restricted male infant (1,680 g, <5th percentile) was born by urgent caesarean section because of acute pre-eclampsia, pathologic CTG and umbilical end-diastolic reverse Xow. This case is reported in detail, and literature and databases reviewed. Results So far there have been no reports suggesting an increased risk of pre-eclampsia following chemotherapy for breast cancer in pregnancy from the second trimester onwards, and the most probable is an accidental occurrence from pre-eclampsia and chemotherapy. Conclusions Whenever possible, pregnant patients with breast cancer should receive the same treatment as those who are not pregnant. Should chemotherapy for breast cancer be indicated in pregnancy from the second trimester onwards only, contraindications would be other risks for pre-eclampsia and intrauterine growth restriction, such as smoking and gestational diabetes. © 2012 Springer-Verlag.
Psychotropics in pregnancy: Safety and other considerations; Introduction: Perinatal psychiatric disorders are important because of their adverse effects on pregnancy outcomes. The aim of this review is investigate psychotropic drugs in the management of antenatal psychiatric disorders with emphasis on the risk of harmful effects. Method: A systematic review of published electronic literature between January 2000 and August 2011 was conducted using the following keywords: pregnancy, pregnancy complications, neonatal complications, congenital anomalies, infant/child development, antidepressants, antipsychotics, and lithium. The search was conducted for each class of psychotropic agents. Further hand searches were conducted. Anticonvulsants were excluded. Results: Antidepressants are associated with increased risk of spontaneous abortions, stillbirths, preterm deliveries, respiratory distress, endocrine and metabolic disturbance. There is evidence of discontinuation syndrome and of increased risk of cardiac defects. Antipsychotics are associated with increased gestational weight and diabetes and with increased risk of preterm birth. The effects of antipsychotics on birth weight are inconclusive. In addition, the findings in relation to malformations are inconclusive. Lithium is associated with increased birth complications such as polyhydramnios, pre-eclampsia, respiratory distress syndrome, hypotonia, and preterm birth. Lithium has previously been associated with markedly increased risk of Ebstein's anomaly. However, recent re-evaluation of the data casts doubt on the previous estimates. There is evidence that lithium is associated with cardiac septal defects. Conclusion: Psychotropic drugs remain an important treatment option during pregnancy to properly manage symptoms of psychiatric diseases. Clinicians need to remain aware of the potential risk of adverse effects associated with psychotropic drug treatment. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiomyopathy and angiogenesis defects of Wistar rat fetuses of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers; Objective: We aimed to illustrate the histogenesis, lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and DNA damage of cardiac muscles and blood vessels during prenatal life of maternal diabetic or hypercholesterolemic mother. Methods: Eighty fertile male and virgin female Wistar rats (1 male/3 females), weighing approximately 130 g, were mated and zero date of gestation was determined. Diabetes was induced at the fifth day of gestation by intraperitoneal injection of a single dose of 60 mg streptozotocin/kg body weight in citrate buffer, pH 4.6. At the same time, hypercholesterolemia was carried out by feeding virgin rats a diet containing 3% cholesterol for 6 wk before the onset of conception. Pregnant rats were arranged into three groups: control, diabetic, and hypercholesterolemic (n = 20). The animals were sacrificed and embryos were separated at 7-, 13-, 15-, 17-, and 19 d old, respectively, and subjected to light and transmission electron microscopy, lactic dehydrogenases isoenzymes electrophoresis, DNA fragmentation, and comet assay. The sera of the mothers were examined for fasting glucose level, total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein, high-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase levels. Results: Diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers exhibited a significant increase of sera cholesterol level, low-density lipoprotein, and creatine phosphokinase activity. Histologic findings of embryos of diabetic and hypercholesterolemic mothers revealed cardiomyopathy and malformation of blood vessels with an apparent degeneration of their endothelium. Transmission electron microscopy possessed massive necrosis of muscle fibers, disorganization of Z and I bands, and mitochondrial damage. Lactic dehydrogenase isoenzyme electrophoresis was altered and genomic DNA fragmentation was markedly increased. Conclusion: Maternal diabetes or hypercholesterolemia led to marked alterations in blood vessel differentiation as well as to cardiomyopathy during prenatal growth as assessed by the disruption of fine structures, abnormal lactic dehydrogenase isoenzymes electrophoresis, and an increase of DNA damage. These may be attributed to the marked oxidative stress and liberation of free oxygen radicals, which interrupted the myocardium structure and function during organogenesis. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Placental adaptations to the maternal-fetal environment: Implications for fetal growth and developmental programming; The placenta is a transient organ found in eutherian mammals that evolved primarily to provide nutrients for the developing fetus. The placenta exchanges a wide array of nutrients, endocrine signals, cytokines and growth factors with the mother and the fetus, thereby regulating intrauterine development. Recent studies show that the placenta is not just a passive organ mediating maternal-fetal exchange. It can adapt its capacity to supply nutrients in response to intrinsic and extrinsic variations in the maternal-fetal environment. These dynamic adaptations are thought to occur to maximize fetal growth and viability at birth in the prevailing conditions in utero. However, some of these adaptations may also affect the development of individual fetal tissues, with patho-physiological consequences long after birth. Here, this review summarizes current knowledge on the causes, possible mechanisms and consequences of placental adaptive responses, with a focus on the regulation of transporter-mediated processes for nutrients. This review also highlights the emerging roles that imprinted genes and epigenetic mechanisms of gene regulation may play in placental adaptations to the maternal-fetal environment. © 2012, Reproductive Healthcare Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The association between serum asymmetric dimethyl arginine levels and a history of gestational diabetes among healthy women; In recent years, asymmetric dimethyl arginine (ADMA) has emerged as an early marker and/or mediator of endothelial dysfunction and it has been proved to be a novel, independent risk factor of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. Our aim in this study was to compare the ADMA concentrations among patients with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with controls. Thirty women with a history of GDM and 40 age-matched and BMI-matched healthy controls were enrolled in this study. ADMA concentrations, fasting blood glucose levels, 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) second hour plasma glucose levels, and insulin levels were compared between two groups. The fasting blood glucose levels were also significantly higher in patients with GDM history. Although second hour values of 75-g OGTT were higher in patients with GDM history, the difference between groups was not statistically significant. However, the insulin and homeostatic model assessment insulin resistance levels were statistically significantly higher in patients with a history of GDM. The concentrations of ADMA were found to be statistically higher in patients with a history of GDM (0.45 ± 0.11 vs. 0.31 ± 0.13 μmol/l, respectively; P = 0.01). This study shows that women who had a history of GDM are under risk for cardiovascular diseases, although they seem to be healthy and have normal blood biochemical levels, because of elevated serum ADMA levels. Clinicians should be aware of this increased cardiovascular disease risk among patients with a history of GDM. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Fetal cardiac function: Technical considerations and potential research and clinical applications; Fetal echocardiography was initially used to detect structural anomalies but has more recently also been proposed to assess fetal cardiac function. This review summarizes technical issues and limitations in fetal cardiac function evaluation, as well as its potential research and clinical applications. Functional echocardiography has been demonstrated to select high-risk populations and to be associated with outcome in several fetal conditions including intrauterine growth restriction, twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome, maternal diabetes, and congenital diaphragmatic hernia. Fetal heart evaluation is challenging due to the smallness and high heart rate of the fetus and restricted access to the fetus far from the transducer. Due to these limitations and differences in cardiac function which are related to fetal maturation, cardiovascular parameters should be validated in the fetus and used with caution. Despite these precautions, in expert hands and with appropriate ultrasound equipment, evaluation of cardiac function is feasible in most fetuses. Functional fetal echocardiography is a promising tool that may soon be incorporated into clinical practice. Research is warranted to further refine the contribution of fetal cardiac assessment to the diagnosis, monitoring, or prediction of outcomes in various fetal conditions. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Subcapsular liver hematoma causing cardiac tamponade in HELLP syndrome; HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes and low platelets) syndrome is an obstetric complication with heterogeneous presentation, multisystem involvement and variable prognosis, but which usually resolves after delivery. We report a case of HELLP syndrome with subcapsular hematoma of the liver causing extrapericardial cardiac tamponade. The subcapsular hematoma and cardiac tamponade were managed conservatively. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Ethnicity and adverse pregnancy outcomes: A cohort study; Introduction: Women who develop pregnancy complications are more likely to develop cardiovascular disorders later in life. A history of pre-eclampsia (PE) is associated with a four-fold increased risk of hypertension and twice the risk of future ischaemic heart disease and stroke. Early identification of women at risk of developing pregnancy complications is likely to facilitate targeted antenatal surveillance and possibly intervention. Maternal ethnicity affects the risk of developing some of these complications, and so is likely to be an important variable in the risk assessment. Objectives: The main aim of this study was to quantify the ethnicity-related risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This was a multicentre cohort study in singleton pregnancies at 11+0-13+6 weeks of gestation. Data on maternal characteristics, medical and obstetric history were collected and pregnancy outcomes ascertained. Racial origin was classified into Caucasian, African, South Asian, East Asian and mixed. The adverse pregnancy outcomes in this study included PE, gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), preterm delivery (PTD), small for gestational age (SGA), large for gestational age (LGA), stillbirth, obstetric cholestasis (OC) and emergency Caesarean section (CS). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birthweight was less than the 5th percentile and LGA if the birthweight was more than the 90th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6 mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2 h after oral administration of 75 g glucose was 7.8 mmol/L or more (WHO). Stillbirth was defined as the death of a fetus before birth after the 24th week of pregnancy. The diagnosis of OC was made when there was pruritus in association with abnormal liver function in the absence of any other identifiable liver pathology which resolved after delivery. Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of these adverse pregnancy outcomes. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) were derived for each pregnancy outcome. Results: Seventy five thousand and four hundred women were included in the study, of whom 57,564 were Caucasian and 11,395 African. Compared to Caucasian ethnic origin, African women were more likely to develop PE [OR (95% CI): 2.77 (2.49-3.09), p < 0.0001], GH [OR 1.38 (1.23-1.56), p < 0.0001], SGA [OR 3.48 (3.16-3.83), p < 0.0001], stillbirth [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p < 0.0001], GDM [OR 1.82 (1.59-2.07), p < 0.0001], PTD prior to 37 weeks gestation [OR 1.33 (1.23-1.44), p < 0.0001], and emergency CS [OR 2.42 (1.87-3.12), p < 0.0001]. On the other hand, African women were less likely to develop LGA and OC [OR (95% CI): 0.63 (0.58-0.67) and 0.47 (0.32-0.69) respectively; p < 0.0001 for both]. Conclusion: Compared to Caucasian ethnic background, women of African origin have a different risk profile for adverse pregnancy outcomes. This difference should be taken into account when calculating an individualised adjusted risk or when tailoring antenatal care.
Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy successfully improves cardiovascular and metabolic health: Results of the pro-active study; Introduction: Women with a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intra-uterine growth restriction and/or gestational diabetes are at increased risk of future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Lifestyle intervention may help these women to effectively lower these risks. Objectives: To test if offering lifestyle intervention after a complicated pregnancy significantly reduces weight (primary objective) and/or other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors (secondary objective). Methods: The Pro-Active study (Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular health and Tailored Intervention) is a feasibility study to develop and evaluate a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. In a prospective casecontrol setting we tested the effect of the lifestyle intervention. Women were included between April 2007 and August 2009. They were eligible if ≥18 years old at time of inclusion, being able to understand and speak the Dutch language and not having pre-existing conditions that could interfere with the lifestyle intervention. Cases were offered lifestyle intervention by a trained counsellor between 6 and 10 months postpartum. During 3 private sessions, mainly exercise and fat-intake and to some extend smoking habits were discussed and aims were made to improve lifestyle. Controls did not receive these sessions, but were not restricted to improve lifestyle on their own. Anthropometric and laboratory measurements were taken at 6 and 10 months postpartum and again at 13 months postpartum to test for durability of the effects. Results: During our study 1121 women gave birth after a complicated pregnancy. Four hundred and ninety Women were eligible for the study of which 240 women (49%) gave informed consent to participate. 56 Women (23%) were lostto-follow-up, leaving 186 women for the analysis. Between 6 and 13 months postpartum weight was significantly reduced in cases compared to controls by 2.1 kg (95% > CI 0.4-3.7), resulting in a 0.7 kg/m2 (0.1-1.3) lower BMI. Also systolic blood pressure (5.0 mmHg (0.3-9.7)), waist circumference (4.6 cm (2.6-6.6)) and waist-to-hip ratio (0.03 (0.01-0.04)) were significantly improved in cases compared to controls. Heart rate, hip circumference and total cholesterol were significantly improved within cases, but not compared to controls. Diastolic blood pressure and fasting glucose were not improved. Conclusion: Lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy may be effective in lowering weight and improving other cardiovascular and metabolic risk factors. It suggests that now is prudent and justified to start a large-scale randomised controlled trial to validate our results.
Effect of folic acid supplementation in pregnancy on preeclampsia - Folic acid clinical trial (FACT); Introduction: Observational studies suggest that folic acid supplementation during pregnancy can reduce the risk of preeclampsia (PE). No randomized controlled trial has been conducted to demonstrate the effect of folic acid supplementation on PE. Objectives: FACT aims to determine efficacy on a new PE prevention strategy of high dose folic acid supplementation from early pregnancy (80/7 to 166/7 weeks of gestation) until delivery in women with high risk of developing PE. Methods: Design: FACT is an international, multi-centre, double-blind, placebo controlled clinical trial of 3656 women. Eligible women will be randomised in a 1:1 ratio to folic acid 4.0 mg or placebo. Population: Pregnant women (80/7and 166/7 weeks of gestation) ≥18 years of age, taking 1.1 mg of folic acid supplementation who fulfill at least one of the following identified risk factors for PE. Pre-existing hypertension (blood pressure ≥90 mmHg on two separate occasions or at least 4 h apart prior to randomization, or use of antihypertensive medication during this pregnancy specifically for the treatment of hypertension prior to randomization), pre-pregnancy diabetes (Type I or Type II DM), twin pregnancy, history of PE in a previous pregnancy, BMI ≥35 kg/m2 within 3 months prior this pregnancy or during the first trimester of this pregnancy. Primary outcome: PE is defined as blood pressure ≥d90 mmHg on two occasions ≥4 h apart and proteinuria developed in women greater than 20 weeks of gestation. Or HELLP (Haemolysis, Elevated, Liver Enzymes, Low Platelets) syndrome - haemolysis (characteristic peripheral blood smear), - serum LDH ≥600 U/L, - serum AST ≥70 U/L, - platelet count <100 × 109/L. Or superimposed PE, defined as history of pre-existing hypertension (diagnosed pre-pregnancy or before 20 weeks' gestation) with new proteinuria. Proteinuria is defined as: - urinary protein ≥300 mg in 24 h urine collection, OR - in the absence of 24 h collection, ≥2+ dipstick proteinuria, OR - random protein-creatinine ratio ≥30 mg protein/mmol. Analysis plan: Intent-to-Treat (ITT) population will be analyzed. Chi-square test will be used in the comparison of incidence of PE between the intervention and placebo groups for analysis of the primary outcome. Results: The Ottawa Hospital randomized the first FACT subject in April 2011. As of February 29th, 2012, 62 subjects have been randomized. There are currently 18 Canadian sites participating in FACT, of which 10 are actively recruiting and 8 are pending site activation. Internationally, Argentina, Australia and the United Kingdom are anticipating first recruits in the late spring of 2012. Israel and Holland are expected to begin enrolment as early as the fall of 2012. Conclusion: Recruitment is on target and expected to end August 2014. Results from this large scale trial will provide a definitive answer to the important question whether folic acid supplementation can prevent PE.
Maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes; Introduction: Women who develop adverse pregnancy outcomes are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In individuals with cardiovascular disorders there is increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. Objectives: The hypothesis is that increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness are apparent before the clinical onset of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods: This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11+0-13+6 weeks' gestation. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AIx) and SBPAo were measured. At the same visit, we recorded maternal characteristics and medical history and performed combined screening for aneuploidies. We also measured the uterine artery Doppler pulsatility index (PI). The study outcomes included preeclampsia (PE), gestational hypertension (GH), gestational diabetes (GDM), small for gestational age (SGA) and preterm delivery (PTD). The diagnosis of PE and GH was made according to the guidelines of the International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy. The neonate was considered SGA if the birth weight was less than the 5th percentile for gestation at delivery. The diagnosis of GDM was made if the fasting plasma glucose level was at least 6 mmol/L or the plasma glucose level 2 h after oral administration of 75 g glucose was 7.8 mmol/L or more (WHO). We compared these parameters in those that developed PE (n = 181), GDM (n = 105), GH (n = 137), SGA (n = 337), PTD prior to 37 weeks' gestation (n = 354) with unaffected controls (n = 6,766). Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of AIx-75, PWV and SBPAo. Each value was expressed as a multiple of the median (MoM) after adjustment for those characteristics. Pearson correlation analysis was used to examine the association between log10AIx-75 MoM, log10PWV MoM, log10 SBPAo MoM, log10uterine artery PI MoM and log10-PAPP-A MoM with gestational age at delivery. Results: In the PE group there was an increase in AIx-75 (1.13, IQR 0.96-1.33 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.16 MoM, p < 0.0001), PWV (1.11, IQR 0.97-1.17 MoM vs 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.12 MoM, p < 0.0001), and SBPAo (1.09, IQR 1.02-1.20 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08 MoM, p < 0.0001). In those that subsequently developed GH, compared to unaffected controls, there was no significant difference in the uterine artery PI, PAPP-A or PWV but AIx-75 and SBPAo were increased (p < 0.0001). In the GDM group there was an increase in PWV (1.06, IQR 0.96-1.19 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.90-1.13 MoM, p = 0.001) and SBPAo (1.03, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08, p < 0.0001), but no significant difference in the AIx-75 (1.02, IQR 0.89-1.22 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.87-1.17 MoM, p = 0.118). Compared to women who had term delivery, women who had iatrogenic PTD had significantly higher AIx-75 (1.08, IQR 0.91-1.27 MoM vs. 1.00, IQR 0.86-1.16 MoM, p < 0.001) and SBPAo (1.06 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.15 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.93-1.07, p < 0.001). Conclusion: A high proportion of women who develop PE, GDM or iatrogenic PTD have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness that is apparent from the first trimester of pregnancy.
Prevalance of sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy; Introduction: Snoring is a common symptom of Sleep Disordered Breathing (SDB), a condition that is present in 4% of the general population. SDB is identified by snoring and repetitive cessation of breathing during sleep accompanied by repetitive hypoxia and has been found to be associated with hypertension, stroke and heart attack.The general risk factors associated with severe preeclampsia significantly overlap with those reported to increase the risk of SDB syndromes. Further risk factors that need consideration include: multiple pregnancy, diabetes and chronic hypertension treatment. Objectives: To determine the prevalence of SDB in the pregnant population in a metropolitan hospital and to examine self-reported snoring against actual snoring as determined by Sonomat ® studies and report fetal outcomes of those who snored compared to those who did not snore. Methods: A questionnaire containing The Epworth Sleepiness Scale and the Berlin Questionnaire (which examines snoring and tiredness) was administered to 3000 pregnancies over a period of two years. Women were additionally recruited for detailed sleep studies, which entailed continuous night time blood pressure monitoring, encephalogram for sleep staging and continuous night time cardiotocographic monitoring. Results: To date, 2206 surveys have been completed. Sleep studies have been undertaken by 280 women, of which half have continuous blood pressure readings. The detailed data provided through these studies is currently being examined and will be completed by June 2012. Conclusion: This study is unique and unprecedented in the scope of detailed data obtained through the variety of parameters measured. Coupled with pregnancy progression and comprehensive maternal and neonatal outcomes, it is anticipated that this multi-faceted study will provide a wealth of knowledge on sleep patterns, SDB and its effect on pregnancy for both the mother and the fetus.
Are preeclampsia and adverse obstetrical outcomes predictors for longterm cardiovascular disease?; Introduction: Epidemiologic studies suggest that pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, preterm delivery and low birth weight independently increase maternal risk for future development of cardiovascular disease. Objectives: To further investigate whether preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and adverse obstetrical outcomes such as placental abruption, intrauterine growth restriction and (Table presented) preterm delivery, are independent risk factors for longterm cardiovascular disease. Methods: This was a case-control study where 252 parous women (cases) with coronary artery disease were matched with a parous woman within 5 years of age with no known coronary artery disease (controls). Participants were recruited from the Royal Alexandra Hospital in cardiac catheterization lab recovery room in Edmonton, Canada. Women with significant angiographic coronary artery stenosis were eligible as cases and those without were eligible as controls. Participants were interviewed on their pregnancy histories and traditional cardiovascular risk factors, such as hypertension, diabetes etc. Descriptive statistics, chi-square tests and conditional regression analysis were performed. Results: We recruited 244 cases and 246 controls. The average age was 66.3 and 65.8 respectively. Cases were more likely obese, had more pregnancies as well as traditional cardiovascular risk factors than controls. Adverse pregnancy outcomes were similar between the two groups except gestational hypertension. However, it was not statistically significant in the conditional logistic regression model. Independent risk factors for future cardiovascular diseases were: dyslipidemia (OR 12.8), hypertension (3.0), and being a current (OR 7.4) or former smoker (1.8). Adverse pregnancy outcomes Conclusion: In this study, adverse pregnancy outcomes were not independently associated with cardiovascular disorders. Our study was limited by recall bias, and ascertainment of diagnosis.Our study supports that dyslipidemia, hypertensiion and smoking increase future cardiovascular disease. Further studies are needed to examine a postpartum intervention model to proactively manage cardiovascular risk factors, such as lipids, in these at-risk women.
Arterial stiffness in women with previous GDM - A follow up of Chinese HAPO study cohort; Introduction: It is well known that women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM) are at risk of future DM. Whether they are at a higher risk of hypertension and cardiovascular risk remained to be determined. Objectives: To determine whether Chinese women who have been diagnosed GDM according to the new IADPSG criteria have a higher risk of hypertension & arterial stiffness than women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy. Methods: Chinese women who had participated in the HAPO study between 2001 and 2006 in Hong Kong were followed up at a median of 6 years postpartum. All underwent anthropometric & BP measurements. Central systolic and diastolic blood pressures (SBP & DBP), augmentation index (AI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed by using SphygmoCor® PVx.A total of 608 women (494 NGT, 114 GDM) were followed up till early 2012. Results: Although there was no significant difference in the rate of hypertension, the central SBP (106 ± 12 vs 102 ± 13 mm Hg, p = 0.03), AI (22.1 ± 8.3 vs 18.9 ± 8.5%, p < 0.001) and PWV (6.8 ± 1.0 vs 6.6 ± 0.8, p = 0.03) were all higher in women with history of GDM. Conclusion: The findings suggest a higher risk of subclinical atherosclerosis amongst women with GDM despite the blood pressure may appear normal at the time of follow up.
Post-partum evaluation of the blood pressure and the kidney function in pre-eclamptic women; Introduction: Recent data have shown that preeclampsia is not just a disease of pregnancy that resolves with delivery. Preeclampsia may be considered a 'risk marker' for later-life diseases, including cardiovascular and renal diseases and the metabolic syndrome. Objectives: We aimed a longitudinal prospective study to analyze the renal abnormalities in the post-partum. Methods: We studied 127 post-preeclamptic women at 6 weeks post-partum. Twenty-four hour urine collection, ambulatory blood pressure and renal function were evaluated. Results: The mean age (±SD) was 32 ± 6 years, BMI was 29.4 ± 5.7, the race distribution was Caucasian 69%, Hispanic 14%, Black 12% and Orient 5%. Ten % were active smokers, 10% have been suffering from gestational diabetes. The mean duration of the pregnancy was 36 weeks 3/7 ± 4. Our results show that the prevalence of hypertension defined by office blood pressure ≥140/90 mmHg or ongoing antihypertensive treatment was 35%. The daytime ambulatory blood pressure (ABPM) was 122 ± 16/85 ± 11mmHg, heart rate 84 ± 8, and 111 ± 20/75 ± 11 mmHg at nighttime. Sixteen % had a daytime ABPM ≥135/85 mmHg corresponding to the definition of ambulatory hypertension. Ultrasensitive CRP was 4.9 ± 5.1 mg/ml, of them 31% had a frank elevation of the CRP >4. The glomerular filtration rate evaluated by the Gault-Cockroft equation showed a hyperfiltration with a mean value of 150 ± 42 ml/min. Eleven% had a decreased GFR < 90 ml/min. Microalbumine/creatinine ratio measured in the urine spot was 7 ±4. Mean microalbuminuria was 225 ± 529 mg/d measured on the 24 h urine collection.Urine 24 h Na excretion rate was 204 ± 48 mmol/d. Conclusion: In conclusion, after the post-partum period, women having suffered from a pre-eclampsia display many cardiovascular risk factors with a high prevalence of hypertension, microalbuminuria, renal hyperfiltration and elevated CRP. These women should be carefully screened, and sub-groups with the higher risk have to be targeted for prevention and treatment, and close follow-up.
The incidence of two-vessel umbilical cords and its association with other fetal anomalies: A retrospective study of over 12,000 placentas; Single umbilical artery (SUA) has an overall incidence of 1%, but rates are increased with fetal trisomy and other structural anomalies, intrauterine growth restriction, prematurity, and gestations complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus or hypertension.Owing to the increasing rates of maternal obesity and its associated complications, we sought to determine if the incidence of SUA at our institution had changed and to examine its association with fetal anomalies. Surgical pathology reports issued for all placentas and any corresponding previable fetuses (gestational age <20 weeks) submitted for pathologic examination from January 1, 2000 to March 31, 2011 were reviewed to identify cases of 2- and 3-vessel umbilical cords. Information about the pregnancy and fetal abnormalities was collected from the corresponding medical records. There were 12,458 cases with evaluable umbilical cords. The incidence of 2-vessel cord was 3.0%. There was no significant change in incidence durig the study period (P = .21).In 47.2% (176/373), no additional fetal anomaly was identified. Of the 52.8% (197/373) of cases with other fetal anomalies, 29.9% had multiple anomalies without known aneuploidy; 13.7% isolated cardiac anomalies; 9.1% isolated neural tube defects; 8.6% isolated genitourinary anomalies; 7.1% trisomy; and 4.1% Turner syndrome.Our study reveals a slightly higher incidence of SUA than that reported in the literature. However, bias may be present, as our cases were limited to those for which there was an indication for placental evaluation. We hypothesized an increased incidence of 2-vessel cord because of the rising prevalence of maternal hypertension and diabetes and the recognized association of 2-vessel cord with these disorders; however, we found no significant change. The types of anomalies associated with 2-vessel umbilical cord were similar to those reported in previous studies.
Standardized mortality rate in parents of PCOS women; Background: The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with multiple risk factors of metabolic syndrome as well as cardiovascular disease and could therefore influence life expectancy. Because of the familial and potentially heritable nature of the syndrome, parents of PCOS women are also prone to develop these risk factors. A lot is known on children of PCOS women, but data on the parents of PCOS women is scarce. A recently published study found that fathers of PCOS patients had a higher prevalence of heart attack and stroke compared to a reference population. Thus far data on mortality rates in parents of PCOS patients is lacking. This study determines the all-cause mortality in parents of PCOS women using standard mortality rate analysis (SMR). Material and Methods: PCOS was diagnosed according to the Rotterdam consensus criteria. Parental information was obtained during initial screening of the PCOS patients and questionnaires were sent to update the medical history of the parents. Additional data on date of birth and death of the parents of the PCOS women was achieved from a nationwide municipal records web-based database. SMR was calculated based on the mortality of the parents of PCOS patients compared to the general population standardized for age, gender and historical mortality rates. Furthermore subgroups were selected based on the presence of specific health risks such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Results: In our study 38.4% of the parents had a history of cardiovascular disease and 18.5% of the parents had a history of type 2 diabetes. Overall life expectancy in the parents was not influenced by the PCOS of their daughters. However, a significant decrease in life expectancy in the mothers with diabetes mellitus was observed (SMR 1.81; p-value = 0.02). Fathers with diabetes (SMR 1.12; p-value = 0.34) and parents known with cardiovascular disease (fathers SMR 1.13, p-value = 0.20; mothers SMR 1.3, p-value = 0.11) had a shorter life expectancy. These differences are not significant but tend to strike in the unfavorable direction. Conclusion: Mortality rates in parents of PCOS women were similar to the general population. However, the diabetic mothers of PCOS patients did have a significantly shorter life expectancy.
Congenital malformations in babies conceived following letrozole or clomiphene for infertility; Introduction: Letrozole is a third-generation selective aromatase inhibitor used initially and now widely recommended for the treatment of postmenopausal breast cancer. Recent reports have shown that letrozole can also be used as an ovulation induction agent. It has significant advantages over clomiphene (CC) due to the lack of peripheral antiestrogenic effects and is associated with similar or higher pregnancy rates as compared to CC and other ovulation inducing agents. One major concern is the possible teratogenicity of letrozole, possibly because of its popular use in cancer therapy. Aim of this study is to evaluate the incidence of congenital malformations among offspring of mothers born after CC or letrozole treatment for infertility. Materials and methods: The present study is a retrospective study conducted at the Institute of Reproductive Medicine, Kolkata, India to identify and follow 452 babies born to women conceived following usage of either CC or letrozole treatment between January 2007 and December 2011. Women undergoing ovulation induction or augmentation for timed intercourse or intrauterine insemination received either letrozole (5mg) or CC (100mg) administered orally for 5 days from day 3 to 7 of the cycle. The demographic data and pregnancy outcome from the medical files of both mother and baby were retrieved and verified with the parents by telephone calls. Telephonic inquiry was done about birth weight, congenital malformations, developmental milestones and neurodevelopmental outcome of the babies after the discharge from the hospital till their present age. Data could not be retrieved for 16 babies in letrozole group and 21 babies in clomiphene group. Complete data collection was possible in 452 babies. The definition of congenital malformation, deformations and chromosomal abnormalities as stated in Chapter XVII, ICD-10 World Health Organization, International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems was used. Statistical analysis was performed by using student t- test or fisher exact test as applicable. Statistical significance was accepted when P ≤ 0.05. Results : Both the groups were statistically similar with respect to age, obstetric history, family history of birth defects, presence of medical disorders or the simultaneous use of drugs, smoking, or alcohol during pregnancy. The birth weight of babies in the CC group were lower than babies in the letrozole group (2.563 ± 0.424 vs 2.473 ± 0.439, p = 0.028). Congenital malformations and chromosomal abnormalities were found in 5 of 201 newborns in the letrozole group (2.5%) and in 13 of 251 newborns in the CC group (5.2%), the difference being statistically insignificant (p = 0.23). One out of 201 babies (0.5%) in the letrozole group was diagnosed with ventricular and atrial septal defect. In the CC group, 3 babies were found to have congenital heart disease (1.2%), out of which 2 babies had PDA and one had total anomalous venous connection (NS, P = 0.32). One mother had gestational diabetes in CC group. Other anomalies in letrozole group were paraumbilical hernia, congenital deafness, talipus varus and albinism in one child each. Amongst the babies born after clomiphene treatment, one had neural tube defect. Three babies in this group had hypospadias and one each with down's syndrome, duplication of urethra, cleft lip & palate, hernia and talipus varus. Conclusions: Overall rate of congenital malformations was statistically similar in both the groups. The concern that letrozole use for ovulation induction could be teratogenic seems unwarranted. Short half life of letrozole (45 hrs) ensures complete washout of the drug before implantation and the earliest stages of embryogenesis when used in the early follicular phase.
Persistent pulmonary hypertension of non cardiac cause in a neonatal intensive care unit; Parenchymal lung diseases are the main cause of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn (PPHN). We aimed to assess the non cardiac conditions associated to PPHN in the newborn and the survival rate over the last 15 years, at our center. A retrospective chart review of the neonates admitted for PPHN from 1996 to 2010 was performed. New therapies were introduced in 2003, and the survival rates between two periods (1996-2002 and 2003-2010) were compared. Out of 6750 newborns, 78 (1.1%) had the diagnosis of PPHN of non cardiac cause. The most prevalent causes were associated to pulmonary hypoplasia (30.7%), infection (24.3%), and aspiration syndromes (15.3%). Many other causes were identified in 33.3%. The overall survival rate was 68%. There was a significant difference on survival rates between the two periods (1996-2002 = 63.8% and 2003-2010 = 71.4%, P = 0.04). Our study showed a myriad of non cardiac aetiologies for PPHN of the newborn, most of them related to lung disease or lung hypoplasia. We observed an improvement in survival rate since 2003, which was associated to the use of new therapies. © 2012 Gustavo Rocha et al.
Microvascular diseases: Is a new era coming?; The microvascular bed is an anatomical entity which comprises myriads of small arterioles, capillaries and venules. Microvessels and surrounding tissue metabolism are tightly coupled; consequently they are equipped with many, very specific and fine-tuned mechanisms allowing permanent, precise regulation of nutrient delivery. The review thoroughly describes the structure and physiology of arterioles and capillaries as well as the specialized means to investigate them. Microcirculation has been largely neglected for decades, mainly because of lack of technical possibilities for visualization and quantitation. However the past years have completely renewed the scientific interest, due to the combination of the availability of new techniques in human research and the recognition that the microcirculation is autonomically and causally involved in diseases previously thought to be essentially a question of macrocirculation. Today we start to see that microangiopathy is not only a consequence of large vessel diseases but can be the source of many pathologies in both cardiovascular and metabolic disorders, the best example -developed here- being the cardiometabolic syndrome or prediabetes. With very few exceptions, pentoxifylline and the antidiabetic metformin, no specific treatments have been developed for treating disorders at the microcirculatory level. Metformin has unique, intrinsic actions specifically at the level of terminal arterioles, which are completely independent of its antidiabetic effect. Other drugs are shortly described which have revealed a potential interest in this field. Our review aims at showing that microcirculation is entering a new era, starting with rapidly increasing knowledge of its intimate functioning and worth specific pharmacological developments. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Fetal congenital heart disease and intrauterine growth restriction: A retrospective cohort study; Objective: Fetal congenital heart disease may lead to abnormal fetal growth. Our objective was to estimate the association between fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) in an effort to better inform clinical management of continuing pregnancies complicated by fetal congenital heart disease. Methods: In a retrospective cohort study, outcome data was collected from singleton pregnancies undergoing routine anatomic survey at a tertiary medical center between 1990 and 2008. Dedicated research nurses collected information on delivery outcomes in an on-going manner. Subjects with a prenatal diagnosis of fetal CHD were compared to those without CHD. Stratified analyses for isolated fetal CHD and major CHD were performed. The primary outcome was IUGR less than 10th percentile by the Alexander growth standard. Logistic regression was used to adjust for confounding variables and refine the estimates of risk. Results: Among 67,823 patients, there were 193 cases of fetal CHD (0.3%) and 5,669 cases of IUGR (8.4%). Prenatal diagnosis of CHD was associated with an increased risk of IUGR (23.8% vs. 8.5%, adjusted odds ratio [aOR] 3.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 2.4-4.6), and the risk was greatest in fetuses with major CHD (16.5% vs. 8.5%, aOR 2.1, 95% CI 1.3-3.2). Isolated CHD was also associated with an increased risk of IUGR (17.8% vs. 8.5%, aOR 2.2, 95% CI 1.4-3.7). Conclusion: Patients with a prenatal diagnosis of fetal CHD have a three-fold increase in risk of developing IUGR; patients with isolated fetal CHD are twice as likely to develop IUGR. Based on our findings, serial growth assessment may be a reasonable option for patients with fetal CHD diagnosed at routine anatomic survey. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Sex-gender differences in diabetes vascular complications and treatment; Diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular diseases act as two sides of the same coin: diabetes is an important risk factor for cardiovascular disease while patients with ischemic cardiovascular diseases often have diabetes or pre-diabetes. As firstly shown by Framingham study, diabetic women have an increased cardiovascular risk about 3.5 fold higher than non diabetic women, against an increase of "only" 2.1 fold found in male subjects. In view of the impact of sexual hormones on glucose homeostasis, the molecular pathways involved in insulin resistance suggest a sex-gender specificity mechanism in the development of diabetic complications leading to the unmet need of sex-gender therapeutic approaches. This has also been seen in other diabetic complications such as renal diseases, which seems to progress at a faster rate in females compared with males and women benefit less from treatment than do men. Of note, none of the trials done so far are primarily designed to assess sex-gender differences in the benefit from a specific intervention strategy, de facto excluding fertile women from experimentation. In order to provide a more evidence based medicine for women and to reach equity between men and women, sex-gender epidemiological reports, preclinical and clinical research are mandatory to evaluate the impact of gender on the outcomes and to improve sex-gender awareness and competency in the health care system. Future studies should consider sex-gender differences in the setting of randomized controlled trials with drugs. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Contraception in women with diabetes; Individual consultation on contraception for women with diabetes mellitus and women after gestational diabetes is an important component of the interdisciplinary care concept. Safe contraception and a planned pregnancy are important because preconceptional optimization of metabolism plays an essential role in reducing the frequency of malformations in children of diabetic mothers. The assessment and treatment of diabetes-specific complications (e.g. retinopathy, nephropathy with or without hypertension, neuropathy, coronary heart disease and other macroangiopathies) before conception is decisive for the course of pregnancy. In addition a potential influence of the method of contraception on metabolism, in particular on carbohydrate and lipid metabolism, and diabetes specific complications must be considered. The consultation should include the estimated planned duration of the use of a method. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Projected Cardiovascular Impact of Obesity in Children and Adolescents: Will Obesity Increase the Cardiovascular Risk of Women to That of Men?; Far too many girls suffer from overweight, obesity, and even severe obesity in childhood and adolescence. The early establishment of excess adiposity is associated with the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) through complex metabolic aberrations that manifest as components of the metabolic syndrome at young ages. When combined with exposure to other independent CVD risk factors, overweight and obese girls face an elevated risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in adulthood. Additionally, due to their reproductive capacity, women face a different series of risks with regards to the development of CVD compared with men. The risk of CVD accumulates across the lifespan of women, and without a special emphasis in terms of prophylaxis and treatment in younger girls and women, their risk of CVD is likely to equal or even surpass that of men in the future. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Cardiovascular Disease in Somali Women in the Diaspora; With globalization and transnational migration, there is an increasing need for health systems in destination countries to consider the healthcare needs of diverse immigrant populations. This article reviews the literature on cardiovascular disease and its risk factors in Somali women in the diaspora. Although we found no studies on cardiovascular disease per se, the little extant research demonstrates that Somali women are exposed to multiple risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This important area of research may have been neglected due to an inordinate focus on maternal and reproductive health. We call for a more inclusive approach to Somali women's health that takes into account social and cultural contexts of women's lives while addressing health and illness experienced across the lifespan. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Inconsistent Access to Food and Cardiometabolic Disease: The Effect of Food Insecurity; Food insecurity is defined as limited or uncertain ability to acquire nutritionally adequate and safe foods in socially acceptable ways. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has divided food insecurity into two categories: low food security and very low food security. Low food security is characterized by irregular access to food, binge eating when food is available, overconsumption of energy-dense foods, obesity, and even type 2 diabetes. This type of food insecurity occurs in impoverished urban areas of high-income countries such as the United States. In contrast, very low food security is distinctly different from low food security and can lead to undernutrition and frank starvation. Very low food security is found in developing countries in both rural areas and urban slums. In these countries, food insecurity is often exacerbated by natural disasters and climate changes that compromise food availability. With a focus on the social, economic, and behavioral factors that promote obesity and cardiometabolic disease in food insecure households in the United States, this review will first define the key terms and concepts associated with food insecurity. Then, the characteristics of food insecure households and the relationship to cardiometabolic disease will be discussed. Finally, the cardiac consequences of food insecurity in developing countries will be briefly described. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC (outside the USA).
Etiology and management of postpartum hypertension-preeclampsia; Postpartum hypertension can be related to persistence of gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, or preexisting chronic hypertension, or it could develop de novo postpartum secondary to other causes. There are limited data describing the etiology, differential diagnosis, and management of postpartum hypertension-preeclampsia. The differential diagnosis is extensive, and varies from benign (mild gestational or essential hypertension) to life-threatening such as severe preeclampsia-eclampsia, pheochromocytoma, and cerebrovascular accidents. Therefore, medical providers caring for postpartum women should be educated about continued monitoring of signs and symptoms and prompt management of these women in a timely fashion. Evaluation and management should be performed in a stepwise fashion and may require a multidisciplinary approach that considers predelivery risk factors, time of onset, associated signs/symptoms, and results of selective laboratory and imaging findings. The objective of this review is to increase awareness and to provide a stepwise approach toward the diagnosis and management of women with persistent and/or new-onset hypertension-preeclampsia postpartum period. © 2012 Mosby, Inc.
Obstructive sleep apnea and pregnancy: The effect on perinatal outcomes; Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is characterized by repeated episodes of upper airway obstruction, resulting in hypoxemia, hypercapnia and sleep fragmentation. Pathophysiological sequelae include sympathetic activation, increased oxidative stress and a generalized inflammatory response, culminating in endothelial dysfunction. These are the proposed mechanisms that mediate the increased risk of hypertension and cardiovascular disease among patients with OSA outside of pregnancy. It is intriguing to consider the consequences of these events on pregnancy outcomes. There is a growing literature on the impact of maternal OSA on hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes and impaired fetal growth. The data, while promising, require confirmation with larger numbers to verify the findings. OSA may be an important mediator of the poor perinatal outcomes associated with maternal obesity; moreover, one which may be amenable to treatment. This review discusses OSA and summarizes the current literature linking OSA with adverse perinatal outcomes. © 2012 Nature America, Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute Appendicitis and Adverse Pregnancy Outcomes: A Nationwide Population-Based Study; Background/objective: Acute appendicitis is the most common non-obstetric surgical procedure in pregnant women. Using two large-scale nationwide population-based datasets, this study aimed to assess the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes between mothers with and without appendicitis in Taiwan. Methods: This study used two nationwide population-based datasets: the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset and the Taiwan national birth certificate registry. This study included 908 women who had live singleton births and who had been hospitalized with a diagnosis of acute appendicitis, and another randomly selected 4,540 women as a comparison group. Conditional logistic regression analyses were performed to calculate the risk of adverse pregnancy outcomes including low birth weight (LBW), preterm birth, small for gestational age (SGA), cesarean section (CS), congenital anomalies, Apgar scores at 5 min (<7), and pre-eclampsia/eclampsia. Results: The adjusted odds ratios for LBW, preterm birth, SGA, CS, and congenital anomalies in women with acute appendicitis were 1. 82 (95 % CI = 1. 43-2. 30), 1. 59 (95 % CI = 1. 25-2. 02), 1. 33 (95 % CI = 1. 12-1. 60), 1. 24 (95 % CI = 1. 07-1. 44), and 2. 07 (95 % CI = 1. 07-4. 03), respectively, compared with women without acute appendicitis after adjusting for highest maternal educational level, marital status, geographic region, gestational diabetes, gestational hypertension, coronary heart disease, anemia, hyperlipidemia, obesity, and alcohol abuse/alcohol dependence syndrome, infant sex and parity, and paternal age. Conclusions: There were increased risks for having LBW, preterm infants, SGA, congenital anomalies, and for experiencing CS among women with acute appendicitis than comparison women. © 2012 The Society for Surgery of the Alimentary Tract.
Fetal programming: Maternal nutrition and role of one-carbon metabolism; India is world's capital for low birth weight (LBW), which is ascribed to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) rather than prematurity. An average Indian mother is short and thin and gives birth to a light and thin baby. Maternal undernutrition is thought to be a major factor in the aetiology of IUGR, and the undernutrition is usually thought to be a low macronutrient intake. The Pune Maternal Nutrition Study (PMNS) showed that the Indian babies were thin but fat (more adipose) compared to European babies, and that maternal intake of micronutrient-rich foods was a strong determinant of fetal size. Two thirds of the mothers had low vitamin B12 concentrations, folate deficiency was rare, and high circulating concentrations of homocysteine predicted IUGR. Follow up of these children revealed that higher maternal folate in pregnancy predicted higher adiposity and insulin resistance at 6 years of age. The most insulin resistant children were born to mothers who were vitamin B12 deficient and had high folate concentrations. Thus, PMNS suggests an important role for maternal onecarbon (1C) metabolism in fetal growth and programming of diabetes risk. This could be due to the role of 1C metabolism in synthesis of nucleic acids, genomic stability and the epigenetic regulation of gene function. In addition, methionine has important role in protein synthesis. These ideas are supported by animal studies. The next logical step in India will be to improve 1C metabolism in adolescents to effect intergenerational prevention of adiposity, diabetes and other related conditions. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Clustering of maternal-fetal clinical conditions and outcomes and placental lesions; OBJECTIVE: To identify by an inductive statistical analysis mutually similar and clinically relevant clinicoplacental clusters. STUDY DESIGN: Twenty-nine maternofetal and 49 placental variables have been retrospectively analyzed in a 3382 case clinicoplacental database using a hierarchical agglomerative Ward dendrogram and multidimensional scaling. RESULTS: The exploratory cluster analysis identified 9 clinicoplacental (macerated stillbirth, fetal growth restriction, placenta creta, acute fetal distress, uterine hypoxia, severe ascending infection, placental abruption, and mixed etiology [2 clusters]), 5 purely placental (regressive placental changes, excessive extravillous trophoblasts, placental hydrops, fetal thrombotic vasculopathy, stem obliterative endarteritis), and 1 purely clinical (fetal congenital malformations) statistically significant clusters/subclusters. The clusters of such variables like clinical umbilical cord compromise, preuterine and postuterine hypoxia, gross umbilical cord or gross chorionic disk abnormalities did not reveal statistically significant stability. CONCLUSION: Although clinical usefulness of several well-established placental lesions has been confirmed, claims about high predictability of others have not. © 2012 Mosby, Inc.
Maternal hemodynamics at 11-13 weeks' gestation in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk of type 2 diabetes and subsequent cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Individuals with cardiovascular disorders have increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. The hypothesis of this study is that increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness are apparent before the development of GDM. Methods: In this screening study, SBPAo, pulse wave velocity (PWV) and augmentation index (AIx) were measured in women with singleton pregnancies attending for routine antenatal care at 11-13 weeks' gestation. We compared SBPAo, PWV and AIx, expressed as multiples of the median (MoM), after adjustment for maternal characteristics affecting these measurements, in women who subsequently developed GDM (n = 105) with the values in non-GDM controls (n = 6,736). Results: In the GDM group, compared to non-GDM controls, there was an increase in PWV [1.04 MoM, interquartile range (IQR) 0.93-1.15 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.90-1.12; p = 0.013] and SBPAo (1.03 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.94-1.08; p < 0.0001) but no significant difference in the AIx (1.02 MoM, IQR 0.89-1.22 vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.87-1.17; p = 0.118). Conclusion: Women who develop GDM have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness from the first trimester of pregnancy before the clinical onset of GDM. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG.
Prenatal exercise research; In this review of recent research on prenatal exercise, studies from several different countries suggest that only approximately 40% of pregnant women exercise, even though about 92% are encouraged by their physicians to exercise, albeit with some 69% of the women being advised to limit their exercise. A moderate exercise regime reputedly increases infant birthweight to within the normal range, but only if exercise is decreased in late pregnancy. Lower intensity exercise such as water aerobics has decreased low back pain more than land-based physical exercise. Heart rate and blood pressure have been lower following yoga than walking, and complications like pregnancy-induced hypertension with associated intrauterine growth retardation and prematurity have been less frequent following yoga. No studies could be found on tai chi with pregnant women even though balance and the risk of falling are great concerns during pregnancy, and tai chi is one of the most effective forms of exercise for balance. Potential underlying mechanisms for exercise effects are that stimulating pressure receptors during exercise increases vagal activity which, in turn, decreases cortisol, increases serotonin and decreases substance P, leading to decreased pain. Decreased cortisol is particularly important inasmuch as cortisol negatively affects immune function and is a significant predictor of prematurity. Larger, more controlled trials are needed before recommendations can be made about the type and amount of pregnancy exercise. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Antenatal vitamin D supplementation in a multicultural population in a West London Hospital; Introduction: Vitamin D deficiency in pregnancy has been associated with a variety of pregnancy complications including an increased risk of pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. It also plays a role in fetal development, imprinting and immunological function, with a raised susceptibility to chronic disease in later life. Furthermore, fetuses of vitamin D deficient mothers are at risks of neonatal hypoglycaemia, seizures, heart failure and rickets. In 2008, the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) recommended vitamin D supplementation for all pregnant women with special emphasis to those at risk of Vitamin D deficiency including women from South Asia, Africa, Caribbean and Middle East and obese women (NICE, 2008). Both groups are in high prevalence in our population. We audited the compliance of this guidance in pregnant women booked in our hospital to improve our care. Methodology: A prospective audit of 162 mothers delivered during a 2-month period (5th February5th April 2011) at Ealing Hospital Trust. Women were verbally consented and interviewed by a team member using a standardised questionnaire as regards to prescribing, usage and compliance of vitamin D supplementation in pregnancy. Their demographics were collected from their medical records. The audit was registered with our hospital's Clinical Governance audit department. National Research Ethics Service (NRES UK) exempted the project from ethics approval as it was considered an Audit. Results: One hundred and sixty two women consented to be interviewed and were recruited for analysis. A significant 75% of those interviewed were of 'high risk' ethnicities and a further 23% were obese. Overall, only 52% of mothers took vitamin D supplements, with a third starting pre-conceptually or in the first trimester. Within the 'high risk' ethnicities, the overall compliance in vitamin D supplementation was less than a third with Caribbean and Middle Eastern women more likely to be left out (South Asia 53%, Africa 52%, Caribbean 75% and Middle East 70%). Similarly, only 37% of women with a BMI > 30 kg/m2 were given vitamin D supplements. Conclusions: Despite the NICE guidance, implementation of vitamin D supplement is poor even in mothers at greatest risk of vitamin D deficiency. To improve our standards, we have recommended various measures including successful implementation of staff education sessions, identification of women at risk and pro-actively offer them vitamin D supplements in our early pregnancy unit.
Observational study of peripartum cardiomyopathy and pregnancy outcome - A single centre experience in Hospital Sultanah Aminah, Johor Bahru; Objective: To observe the demographic data in women with peripartum cardiomyopathy, their pregnancy outcome and perinatal outcome. Method: A prospective observational study involving 16 women who were diagnosed with peripartum cardiomyopathy. The demographic data was reviewed and the duration of pregnancy and mode of delivery was measured. As for perinatal outcome, the Apgar score at 5 min, birthweight upon delivery and gender was measured. Results: The mean age of the women in this group was 29.6 years and they had a mean BMI of 29.6 kg/m2. There were nine Malays, five chinese and two indians. Ten of the patients were of parity four or less. Seven out of 16 (43.8%) of these patients were diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and 14 out of 16 (87.5%) were diagnosed with gestational hypertension. Approximately half of these patients had anemia in pregnancy. The mean ejection fraction for them was 33% and five of them were diagnosed antepartum and 11 diagnosed postpartum. For the patients who were diagnosed postpartum, the mean interval between delivery and diagnosis was 6.5 days. Mean gestational age was 37.3 weeks and 4 (25%) of patients had vaginal delivery and the rest delivered abdominally with a mean birthweight of 3 kg. Ten of the patients delivered a male baby and six delivered a female baby. Conclusion: Patients with cardiomyopathy had an association with gestational hypertension. With good combined cardiology and obstetric care, most of the patients could reach term and attain normal birthweight. There was no association of gender with cardiomyopathy.
Evidence stops the relentless rise in cesarean rate; Introduction: We compare caesarean (CS) rate and neonatal outcomes after introducing evidence based medicine in two tertiary hospitals with different obstetric practice. Methods: We included all the deliveries assisted in Donostia Hospital (CHD) between 2002 and 2007, and in Asturias University Central Hospital (HUCA) between 2008 and 2011. Obstetric practice differences showed a 17.2% CS rate in CHD and 25.6% in HUCA previous to intervention. Protocol included mainly six evidence based practices: (i) CS deliveries for dystocia were indicated after applying the “four hour rule” for first or second stage arrest stage arrest, and 15 h for failed induction. (ii) Non reassuring fetal status diagnostic criteria required a scalp pH value of <7.20 or an abnormal fetal heart rate pattern following NICHD guidelines. Therapeutic transcervical amnioinfusion was introduced for recurrent variable decelerations. (iii) We managed breech presentation offering cephalic external version and revived selected vaginal delivery. (iv) Vaginal birth after cesarean (VBAC) was attempted unless a previous classical scar, previous rupture or clinically inadequate pelvis were observed. (v) Twin vaginal delivery was allowed if the first twin was cephalic. (vi) We avoid CS for macrosomia. A medical audit of the CS indications was performed periodically, evaluating the clinical records, and information and reinforcement were given to the obstetric staff. Results: In CHD, 13.105 births were assisted in 2002-2004 and 13.341 in 2005-2007. We observed a significant reduction in indications for dystocia (6.24% vs. 3.37%; p < 0.0001), non-reassuring fetal status (4.35% vs. 3.14%; p < 0.0001), breech presentation (4.48 vs. 3.7%; p = 0.04), and overall CS rate (17.5 vs. 12.2%; p < 0.0001). Successful VBAC increased from 572 to 70.3% (p < 0.0001). There were no differences in perinatal mortality (6.62‰ vs. 7.1‰; p = 0.462), umbilical artery pH < 7 (3.1‰ vs. 4.0‰; p = 0.276), 5'apgar test < 7 (1.8‰ vs. 1.8‰; p = 0.743), or neonatal intensive care admission (2.95% vs. 3.0%; p = 0.87). In HUCA, 4430 births were assisted previous to intervention and 4209 in the post intervention period. We observed a significant reduction in indications for dystocia (6.8% vs. 3.8%; p < 0.0001), nonreassuring fetal status (7% vs. 4.7%; p < 0.0001), breech presentation (5.7% vs. 2.02; p < 0.0001), and overall CS rate (25.6 vs. 16.2%; p < 0.0001). Successful VBAC increased from 37.4 to 77.43% (p < 0.0001). There were no differences in 5'apgar test <7 (1.7‰ vs. 1.7‰; p = 0.983). We observed a non significant reduction in neonatal intensive care admission (8.02% vs. 7.4%; p = 0.521) and a significant reduction in prematurity (12.7% vs. 11.3%; p = 0.02). Conclusions: Evidence based medicine protocol shows as a successful method to lower CS rate regardless of previous obstetric practice, may improve perinatal outcomes and decrease preterm births in hospitals with a very high CS rate. Medical audit and feedback information seem to be useful to reduce CS rate.
Renal cortex volume and interatrial cardiac defect in iugr and in newborns of diabetic mother. Preliminary study; Introduction: The number of newborns IUGR and of diabetic mother (DM) constantly increases. These offsprings are at risk of epigenetic damages due to the oxidative stress exposure during your fetal development. The kidney is one of the most affected organs, since the glomeruli number may be very reduced in these newborns of high risk pregnancy and the latter may cause the development of metabolic syndrome in the adult life. The renal cortex contains about 95% of glomeruli and this number it set before 35-36 weeks of intrauterine development, for life. Also, the cardiac remodelling in fetal life may have been affected in analougus epigenetic way. The aim of the study was to evaluate the renal cortex volume (RCV),the ratio renal cortex volume/birth weight (RVW)and the presence of cardiac interatrial defect (IAD)in the postnatal period, as marker of epigenetic insult and of future risk of metabolic syndrome. Population and methods: We examined 60 newborns, gestational age >36 weeks, 20-30 days old: group A (22 newborns of DM), group B (12 IUGR newborns) and group C (26 healthies, without risk of renal or cardiac disease). In all, we performed 2D echocardiography to explain cardiac morphology plus renal echo3D with cortex volume evaluation (in mL, mean of 4 measures for each exam). Results: In group C none showed IAD and the median value of RCV was 4.35 mL, RVW = 1.24. In group A the median of RCV was 3.8 mL, significantly lower versus group C (p < 0.0001), RVW = 1.3 ant the IAD was detectable in 7/22. In group B, the median of RCV was 2.9, significantly lower versus group C (p < 0.005), RVW = 1.23 and the IAD was detectable in 4/12. Discussion: The RCV was different among the examined groups, lower in A and B. The RVW was related to birth weight in IUGR and the same happens of the glomeruli number, as already explained by literature. Therefore, the renal echo3D with cortex volume measure may be a noninvasive, valid approach to investigate the normal renal development in postnatal period. In many offsprings IUGR or of DM, the low RCV, RVW and IAD rate was significantly higher than healthy ones. It is possible that an analougus epigenetic damage was the cause of these apoptotic insults. Conclusion: The sample examined in this preliminary study was limited, further more extensive studies are necessary. Nonetheless our findings suggest that the newborns at risk of future metabolic syndrome may show low RCV, RVW and IAD in high rate, compared to healthy ones. These emerging data need to emphasized more. The Echocardiography and renal echo3D may be useful to screen the subjects at risk and to conduct a follow-up, in order to ultimately reduce the risk of metabolic syndrome in the adult life.
Cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother; Background: Heart disease in the newborn of diabetic mother comes with a high incidence of the normal newborn and is an important prognostic factor for cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Objectives: To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother and utility of echocardiography (Echo) for the diagnosis and follow-up their evolution. Methods: Patients: 76 newborns of diabetic mothers, follow-up over a period of 6 years. Patients were investigated in the first week of life and 49 were re evaluated at 6-12 months, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT) and Doppler echo for congenital and/or acquired cardiac diseases. Fetal echo was performed in 36 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal echo showed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV) in 9 cases, confirmed by postnatal echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia in 40% cases, in 32 patients a systolic murmur was found, only 2 cases with signs of heart failure and the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy in 14 cases and disturbed ventricular repolarisation in 30 cases. Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo showed: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (32 cases: 42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (5), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52% of cases) and congenital cardiac anomalies: patent ductus arteriosus (6), ventricular septal defect (3), coarctation of aorta (1), ASD (4 cases). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (21 cases) revealed a normal morphological cardiac aspect in 14 cases or significant reduction of HCMP (7 cases), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (19%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP (42% of cases) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (53%).This fact justify early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Echocardiography is the most sensitive and noninvasive method of diagnostic, useful for primary diagnostic as well as for follow-up.
Clinical differences between patients prescribed saxagliptin and other non-insulin antidiabetic medications in a U.S. health plan; In retrospective database studies, reasons for treatment initiation and choice of therapy are generally unobservable. Baseline characteristics may play a role in choice of therapy. This study was conducted to compare baseline demographics and clinical characteristics in patients initiating saxagliptin (SAXA), a DPPIV inhibitor, following its US approval compared with those initiating other non-insulin antidiabetic (AD) therapy during the same period.Data were from a large US insurance claims database and included commercial and Medicare Advantage members with evidence of T2DM and use of SAXA, other oral AD medications or GLP-1 analogs. Patients were placed in a SAXA or “Other” cohort based on medication use between 01 August 2009 and 31 December 2010. The first prescription fill for SAXA or another study drug was identified as the index date. Inclusion criteria were age ≥18, ≥12 months continuous enrollment in the health plan, and new to SAXA or other index therapy regimen. Patients with evidence of insulin or pramlintide, T1DM, or gestational diabetes were excluded. Patients were observed for 12 months prior to therapy start.Patients initiating SAXA (N=4,763) were older than the other (N=75,943) patients (57.4 vs. 56.3 years; p<0.001) and had significantly higher baseline Charlson-Quan comorbidity scores. Prior to therapy start, patients initiating SAXA had higher rates of renal insufficiency, ischemic heart disease, peripheral vascular disease, retinopathy and other eye complications, erectile dysfunction or impotence, and neuropathy (all differences p<0.001). Pre-index A1C was higher in patients subsequently treated with SAXA (8.2% vs. 7.8%; p<0.001) and fewer had pre-index glycemic control (i.e., A1C<7%) than the other patients (23.4% vs. 40.2%; p<0.001).In a managed health care setting, patients initiating SAXA appeared to have generally worse health status prior to therapy start than those initiating other non-insulin AD therapy.
Nicotinamide-streptozotocin treatment in rat during pregnancy: A useful animal model to study the placental's effects of gestational diabetes; Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) is a complication that occurs between 24-28th weeks of pregnancy, characterized by an impaired glucose tolerance. GDM affects fetal growth and induces fetal programming of several chronic diseases including obesity, cardiovascular diseases, and diabetes. Several animal models have been developed to study the effects of an adverse intrauterine environment on the offspring development. A reliable animal model of GDM should present, throughout gestation, glycemic values close to what can be observed in GDM's women. Our work hypothesis was that the administration of streptozotocin (STZ, 65mg/kg, a specific β-cell poison) in combination with nicotinamide (NCT, 75 mg/kg, an antioxidant compound benefic on β-cell) to pregnant rats could stabilize the glycemia around mild values (2.34±0.51 g/L) and create a specific intrauterine environment able to induce placental gene modifications. We evaluated the phenotypic and metabolic parameters of NCT-STZ dams (n=13) and their offspring. In our NCT-STZ model, we evaluated by qRT-PCR, immunohistochemistry and western blot the expression of some placenta's genes and proteins already known to be modified in human GDM. We confirmed that the expression of some NCT-STZ placental genes showed the same expression trend as previously reported in human GDM's placenta. We then provided a new experimental animal model of GDM useful to study placental modifications and also phenotypic and metabolic alterations (malprogramming) occuring in offspring (mainly intrauterine growth retardation). (Figure presented).
Streptozotocin-Treated Pregnant Rat: New Insights for an Old Model; The fetal programming effect of the maternal intrauterine environment has been identified since the 90's by Barker et al. Retrospective studies on cohort have demonstrated the effect of maternal diabetes on the programming of obesity, diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in offspring. To date, various animal models have been used to study the pathophysiological mechanisms acting. Streptozotocin (STZ) is an antibiotic known since the 70's to specifically kill the rodent beta cells. Nowadays, STZ is still largely used, alone or in combination with other molecules, at different doses to generate animal models of type 1 and type 2 diabetes. To mimic gestational diabetes, pregnant Wistar rats received at day 7 of gestation (G7) an injection of STZ alone (65 mg/kg, n=5) or in combination with nicotinamide (NCT, 75mg/kg, n=9) (known to protect beta cells). The rats were sacrified at G20 and the pups were used for phenotypic and metabolic analysis. We observed, after injection, a maternal hyperglycemia, hyperketonemia and hypoinsulinemia reflecting the destruction of beta cells in dam's pancreases. The effect was less pronounced in dams receiving NCT. Considering pups' blood at G20, we observed also an hyperglycemia and an hypoinsulinemia. Analyzing the pups' pancreases by immunofluorescence, we observed a reduction of the number of the islets (stained by insulin and chromogranin A) and of the beta cells. Glucagon positive cells seemed not affected. The number of Pdx1 and Pax4 positive cells were also highly reduced in the treated pups. Of note, the pancreatic modifications were less pronounced in the group receiving NCT. Unless injection was done before the pancreatic development, it seems that STZ or one of its metabolites, at this dose, is able to cross the placental barrier and to kill the pups' beta cells. We demonstrated that this old, well know model is not suitable to study the transgenerational effect of chemically induced maternal diabetes.
Levels of the Inflammation Marker YKL-40 in young adults exposed to intrauterine hyperglycemia; YKL-40 is an inflammation marker, which is increased in patients with diabetes and associated with insulin resistance and atherosclerosis. Exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia because of maternal diabetes increases the risk of overweight, the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes in adulthood. We aimed to investigate associations between exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia and plasma level of YKL-40 in adult offspring. We studied 597 offspring, aged 18-27 years, from 4 different groups based on maternal glycemic status and genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes: 1. Offspring of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) 2. Offspring of women with risk factors for GDM but normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy 3. Offspring of women with type 1 diabetes 4. Offspring of women from the background population. The offspring were characterized by fasting plasma levels of YKL-40, and metabolic and anthropometric measurements. Exposure variables were maternal glycemic status as well as measures of maternal glucose levels during pregnancy. The median plasma YKL-40 in the total cohort was 45 ng/ml (25-75 percentiles: 35-56) without significant dif- ferences between the 4 different exposure groups. Multivariate regression analysis did not show an association between maternal glucose level during pregnancy and levels of YKL-40 in the offspring. We found increasing offspring BMI at follow-up (p < 0.0001) to be positive predictors of YKL-40. Furthermore offspring characterized by overweight (BMI >25kg/m2) or the metabolic syndrome (IDF criteria 2006) at follow-up had significantly higher levels of YKL-40 compared with the remaining offspring, (47 vs. 44 ng/ml, p = 0.02 and 49 vs. 44 ng/ml, p = 0.003 respectively). Conclusion: Fetal exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia was not associated with levels of YKL-40 in adult offspring of women with diabetes. Adult offspring BMI were positively associated with YKL-40 levels.
Previous gestational diabetes is independently associated with increased carotid intima-media thickness, similarly to metabolic syndrome - a case control study; Background: Women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) face a higher risk of developing type 2 diabetes and, consequently, a higher cardiovascular risk. This study aimed to compare the carotid intima-media thickness (cIMT) from young women with pGDM to those with metabolic syndrome (MS) and to healthy controls (CG) to verify whether a past history of pGDM could be independently associated with increased cIMT.Methods: This is a cross-sectional study performed in two academic referral centers. Seventy-nine women with pGDM, 30 women with MS, and 60 CG aged between 18 and 47 years were enrolled. They all underwent physical examination and had blood glucose, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDLc), and triglycerides determined. The cIMT was measured by ultrasound in several carotid segments. The primary endpoint was cIMT and clinically relevant parameters included as predictors were: age, systolic blood pressure, waist, BMI, total cholesterol, LDLc, triglycerides, fasting glucose, previous history of GDM as a whole group, previous history of GDM without MS, presence of DM, presence of MS, and parity.Results: cIMT was significantly higher in pGDM when compared to CG in all sites of measurements (P < 0.05) except for the right common carotid. The pGDM women showed similar cIMT measurements to MS in all sites of measurements, except for the left carotid bifurcation, where it was significantly higher than MS (P < 0.001). In a multivariate analysis which included classical cardiovascular risk factors and was adjusted for confounders, pGDM was shown to be independently associated with increased composite cIMT (P < 0.01). The pGDM without risk factors further showed similar cIMT to MS (P > 0.05) and an increased cIMT when compared to controls (P < 0.05).Conclusions: Previous GDM was independently associated with increased composite cIMT in this young population, similarly to those with MS and regardless the presence of established cardiovascular risk factors. © 2012 Freire et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Elevation of sE-selectin levels 2-24 months following gestational diabetes is associated with early cardiometabolic risk in nondiabetic women; Objective. We hypothesised that the endothelial dysfunction is associated with early glucose dysregulation and/or atherosclerosis risk factors in nondiabetic women with a previous history of gestational diabetes (pGDM). Material/Methods. Anthropometric parameters, glucose regulation (OGTT), insulin resistance (HOMA), lipids, biomarkers of endothelial dysfunction, and inflammation were evaluated in 85 women with pGDM and in 40 controls 2-24 months postpartum. Results. The pGDM group consisted of 67 normoglycemic women (pGDM-N) and 33 with prediabetic state (pGDM-P). The BMI, waist circumference, fasting and 2h glucose (OGTT), soluble adhesion molecules, tissue plasminogen activator antigen, high sensitivity C-reactive protein, total-, LDL-cholesterol, and triglycerides/HDL-cholesterol ratio were higher in the pGDM women compared with the controls. After adjustment for BMI and fasting glucose, only higher triglycerides, higher TG/HDL and lower HDL-cholesterol were associated with pGDM. The pGDM-P differed from pGDM-N for only higher triglycerides and TG/HDL. The plasma level of sE-selectin was not independently associated with glucose concentration in pGDM group. sE-selectin level correlated with triglycerides, TG/HDL, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 antigen, and sICAM-1. Conclusions. sE-selectin level correlated with components of metabolic syndrome, but only the atherogenic lipid profile was independently associated with a previous history of GDM in nondiabetic women 2-24 months postpartum. Copyright © 2012 Alina Sokup et al.
Long-term health outcomes in children born to mothers with diabetes: A population-based cohort study; Background: To examine whether prenatal exposure to parental type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes, or gestational diabetes is associated with an increased risk of malignant neoplasm or diseases of the circulatory system in the offspring. Methods/Principal Findings: We conducted a population-based cohort study of 1,781,576 singletons born in Denmark from 1977 to 2008. Children were followed for up to 30 years from the day of birth until the onset of the outcomes under study, death, emigration, or December 31, 2009, whichever came first. We used Cox proportional hazards model to estimate hazard ratios (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) for the outcomes under study while adjusting for potential confounders. An increased risk of malignant neoplasm was found in children prenatally exposed to maternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.5-3.2). An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was found in children exposed to maternal type 1 diabetes (HR = 2.2, 95%CI: 1.6-3.0), type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.4, 95%CI: 1.1-1.7), and gestational diabetes (HR = 1.3, 95%CI: 1.1-1.6), but results were attenuated after excluding children with congenital malformations. An increased risk of diseases of the circulatory system was also found in children exposed to paternal type 2 diabetes (HR = 1.5, 95%CI: 1.1-2.2) and the elevated risk remained after excluding children with congenital malformations. Conclusions: This study suggests that susceptibility to malignant neoplasm is modified partly by fetal programming. Diseases of the circulatory system may be modified by genetic factors, other time-stable family factors, or fetal programming. © 2012 Wu et al.
History of hypertensive pregnancy disorders in young women with ST-elevation myocardial infarction; Introduction: Hypertensive pregnancy disorders(HPD), like gestational hypertension (GH), preeclampsia (PE) and the HELLP syndrome, occur in almost 10% of pregnancies in Dutch females (registry 2008). Several studies have identified HPD and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as female-specific risk factors for early cardiovascular events in women. Objectives: In this study we retrospectively evaluated the obstetric history in women with an acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) <65 years of age. Methods: A total number of 763 consecutive women <65 years of age, referred for primary percutaneous coronary intervention for STEMI in our hospital between 1998 and 2010 were sent a questionnaire on their previous obstetric history. Results: Data of 500 respondents were available (response rate 66%), of whom 419 had pregnancy in history. Participants were stratified into 3 groups according to age at time of STEMI: <50 years, between 50-60 years and > 60 years. No significant differences in the occurrence of various types of HPD were present. However, occurrence of serious pregnancy complications, defined as composite endpoint of preeclampsia, HELLP syndrome and stillborn child, were more prevalent in the youngest age-group. Logistic regression analyses with correction for traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, confirmed this non-significant trend. Conclusion: In our relatively small cohort we found no significant differences in the prevalence of HPD within 3 age-groups of STEMI patients <65 years. There was a non-significant trend however for more serious previous pregnancy complications in the youngest age-group. Larger data are needed to confirm our findings.
Effects of endurance training on expression endothelial nitric oxide synthase and nitric oxide production in human placenta; Introduction: Many studies have documented that placental development is altered by a variety of environmental factors such as aerobic exercise training which alter placental bed blood flow and/or oxygen delivery. The placenta lacks of innervation, thus vascular tone regulation depends on endothelial release of vasoactive molecules such as nitric oxide (NO). Although exercise-induced increases blood flow and expression of eNOS has been reported; it is not known if exercise produces the same effect in human placenta. Objectives: To determine the effects of aerobic exercise training in the second half of pregnancy on expression endothelial nitric oxide synthase and nitric oxide production in human placenta. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blinded, controlled clinical trial of 20 healthy primigravid women between 16 and 20 weeks' gestation. The training group (n=10) took part in aerobic exercise at an intensity of 50-65% of their maximum heart rate for 60 min, three times a week for 16 weeks. The control group (n=10) undertook their usual physical activity. Functional analysisby spectrophotometric method was used to detect the NO and nitric oxide synthase (NOS) in placental tissue and western blot quantitation was used to measure the expression of NOS. Results: Training significantly (p <.05) increased eNOS expression. Functional analysis of eNOS indicated that exercise induced significant increases in NO (<40%) production. Conclusion: Greater eNOS expression may also underlie the effects of exercise in the protection on disorders associated to endothelial dysfunction such as gestational hypertension, preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus..
Catastrophic consequences of assisted reproduction: The case of Turner syndrome; Women with Turner syndrome are generally infertile due to premature ovarian failure. Few may achieve a spontaneous pregnancy, and others may conceive through assisted reproductive technologies including oocyte donation. These pregnancies are high risk due to the medical conditions associated with Turner syndrome. Maternal death from aortic dissection in pregnancies of women with Turner syndrome is estimated at 2%. These pregnancies are also complicated by severe hypertensive disorders and fetal morbidity and mortality. Guidelines for preconception screening and counseling now exist that may mitigate the maternal and fetal risks associated with pregnancy in women with Turner syndrome. Copyright © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Gestational Diabetes and the Offspring: Implications in the Development of the Cardiorenal Metabolic Syndrome in Offspring; The risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in women who had previously been diagnosed with gestational diabetes (GDM) is well established. There is increasing evidence that the offspring of women with GDM are at increased risk for the development of all components of the cardiorenal metabolic syndrome. Overall, it appears that these offspring have an increased risk for overweight/obesity, insulin resistance, higher blood pressure, renal disease, and type 2 diabetes. However, distinct differences in regional populations, lack of routine screening and treatment of GDM worldwide, and long follow-up periods for offspring represent a challenge in assessing the risk for development of these abnormalities in the offspring of women who have had GDM.
Lithium in pregnancy: The need to treat, the duty to ensure safety; Introduction: Untreated bipolar disorder during pregnancy leads to detrimental repercussions on the motherinfant pair's health. Despite different drugs having been proposed as mood stabilizers, lithium remains the first-choice agent for preventing mood changes. Areas covered: Analyzing up-to-date information on the reproductive safety of lithium and providing practice guidelines to optimize its use during pregnancy. Expert opinion: Findings from prospective and casecontrol studies confirm an increased, specific risk of Ebstein's anomaly (4.457.6/1000 live births), although lower than that previously reported. A potential increase in the risk of neural tube defects should also be taken into consideration. Moreover, several perinatal complications may occur, and even in the presence of relatively low infant serum levels, in the case of drug exposure during late pregnancy. Despite such concerns, lithium should still be considered the first-choice agent for treating bipolar disorder in pregnancy. Indeed, the U.S. FDA recently issued a new warning regarding the reproductive safety of antipsychotics. Moreover, the risk of fetal valproate/carbamazepine syndrome (and the confirmed neurodevelopmental teratogenicity of valproate) contraindicates the use of both medications, whereas the use of lamotrigine is limited by efficacy concerns. However, women who need lithium treatment during pregnancy should be carefully monitored: a strict gynecologic and psychiatric surveillance and, probably, preconception folate supplementation is highly advisable. Moreover, delivery should be programmed in Neonatal Intensive Care Units to ensure optimal management of potential iatrogenic perinatal complications. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Through the looking glass: Gestational diabetes as a predictor of maternal and offspring long-term health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is gaining in importance as a predictor of future health risks for women and their offspring. In women, it is associated with increased long-term risks of diabetes, metabolic syndrome and increased cardiovascular disorders. For offspring of mothers with GDM, risks of GDM include abnormal glucose tolerance, obesity and metabolic syndrome. This review presents the evidence for GDM as a predictor of long-term health risks for mothers and their offspring. We highlight GDM as an opportune time to screen for and possibly intervene to prevent adverse health outcomes for both women and their offspring. © 2012 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Neonatal ischemic brain injury: What every radiologist needs to know; We present a pictorial review of neonatal ischemic brain injury and look at its pathophysiology, imaging features and differential diagnoses from a radiologist's perspective. The concept of perinatal stroke is defined and its distinction from hypoxic-ischemic injury is emphasized. A brief review of recent imaging advances is included and a diagnostic approach to neonatal ischemic brain injury is suggested. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Macrocephaly-capillary malformation presenting with fetal arrhythmia; Macrocephaly-capillary malformation (OMIM 602501) is a rare overgrowth and asymmetry syndrome. Cardiac arrhythmias were reported to occur in few patients. We present a case in which fetal arrhythmia was the presenting symptom of the syndrome. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Myocardial hypertrophy and dysfunction in maternal diabetes; Diabetes in pregnancy, both pre-gestational and gestational, is a frequent cause of fetal myocardial hypertrophy, partly due to fetal hyperinsulinism. In fetal life, cardiac function may be impaired, especially during diastole, as a result of decreased left ventricular distensibility and altered left atrial dynamics secondary to myocardial hypertrophy. In neonates, the hypertrophy is a transient disorder, with spontaneous regression of the increased myocardial thickness during the first months of life. Nevertheless, cardiac hypertrophy may be associated with neonatal cardiomegaly and respiratory distress secondary to poor left ventricular compliance.The development of a number of new echocardiographic parameters discussed in this article, and primarily based on the pathophysiological consequences of myocardial hypertrophy, highlight an area of research priority: the assessment of diastolic function in fetuses of diabetic mothers with (and without) myocardial hypertrophy. A score for grading the severity of fetal diastolic dysfunction in these fetuses is proposed. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Neonatal lethal Costello syndrome and unusual dinucleotide deletion/insertion mutations in HRAS predicting p.Gly12Val; De novo heterozygous mutations in HRAS cause Costello syndrome (CS), a condition with high mortality and morbidity in infancy and early childhood due to cardiac, respiratory, and muscular complications. HRAS mutations predicting p.Gly12Val, p.Gly12Asp, and p.Gly12Cys substitutions have been associated with severe, lethal, CS. We report on molecular, clinical, and pathological findings in patients with mutations predicting HRAS p.Gly12Val that were identified in our clinical molecular genetic testing service. Such mutations were identified in four patients. Remarkably, three were deletion/insertion mutations affecting coding nucleotides 35 and 36. All patients died within 6 postnatal weeks, providing further evidence that p.Gly12Val mutations predict a very poor prognosis. High birth weight, polyhydramnios (and premature birth), cardiac hypertrophy, respiratory distress, muscle weakness, and postnatal growth failure were present. Dysmorphism was subtle or non-specific, with edema, coarsened facial features, prominent forehead, depressed nasal bridge, anteverted nares, and low-set ears. Proximal upper limb shortening, a small bell-shaped chest, talipes, and fixed flexion deformities of the wrists were seen. Neonatal atrial arrhythmia, highly suggestive of CS, was also present in two patients. One patient had congenital alveolar dysplasia, and another, born after 36 weeks' gestation, bronchopulmonary dysplasia. A rapidly fatal disease course, and the difficulty of identifying subtle dysmorphism in neonates requiring intensive care, suggest that this condition remains under-recognized, and should enter the differential diagnosis for very sick infants with a range of clinical problems including cardiac hypertrophy and disordered pulmonary development. Clinical management should be informed by knowledge of the poor prognosis of this condition. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Aetiology, presentation, and outcomes of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in childhood in wales; Background: Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is commonly caused by a mutation in a sarcomeric protein, or secondary to a neuromuscular disorder, malformation syndrome or inborn error of metabolism. The purpose of this study was to establish the causes, management and outcomes of HCM in the Welsh paediatric population. Methods: Patients diagnosed with HCM in Wales between 1984 and 2011 were included in the review. Results: Of 58 patients diagnosed with HCM, 17 (29.3%) cases were familial while 41 cases (70.7%) were secondary to another cause. 21 of these secondary cases (36.2%) resolved with treatment while the remaining did not. The most common identification of familial HCM was through genetic testing of patients with a family history, with the majority (64.7%) being diagnosed over 15 years old. While secondary HCM was most commonly identified by neonatal screening with 80.5% being diagnosed during infancy. All patients with non-resolving secondary HCM had an abnormal baseline ECG, abnormal echocardiogram or both. Of the patients with familial HCM three (17.6%) of genotype positive patients had completely normal investigations. Five patients (29.4%) with familial HCM received an ICD to prevent sudden cardiac death (SCD). The four (6.9%) patients from the secondary HCM group died; only two of these deaths were cardiac related, one as a result of heart failure, the other due to arrhythmic SCD. Conclusions: Despite the eminent risk of SCD in patients with familial HCM, no patients in this cohort died as a result of this and most remained asymptomatic. The prognosis for secondary HCM was highly variable depending upon the cause. Those born to diabetic mothers had an excellent prognosis with all cases resolving in time; in contrast those secondary to metabolic diseases had much poorer outcomes.
Assesment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers using tissue doppler; Introduction: To evaluate of ventricular diastolic function by tissue doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compare with healthy control groups. Methods: Between November 2009, May 2011 38 mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus and 75 healthy control subjects were recruited prospectively to have fetal echocardiogram at 24, 28, 32 and 36 weeks of gestation to assess cardiac diastolic function and interventricular septum thickness. Diastolic function was evaluated by using tissue Doppler and pulse wave Doppler. Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) levels were obtained at 24 gestational week. Early (Ea) and late diastolic (Aa) peak tissue Doppler imaging at the base of right ventricular free wall, ventricular septum, left ventricular free wall and both atrioventricular valves early (E), late (A) inflow velocities were analyzed in 113 fetuses and compared between groups. General linear model repeated measure was used as a statistical analysis. Results: In both groups fetal interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation. Fetal interventricular septum were significantly thicker in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (p, 0.001). Mean levels of HbA1c were 5,7860.73% in gestational diabetic mothers, 5.0160.37% in control group (p,<.003). HbA1c was significantly higher in the gestational diabetic mothers. E, A, Ea, Aa, Ea/Aa and E/A ratios increased with gestational age at all sites in both group. Peak velocities of mitral E (p,<.001), mitral A(0,007), tricuspid E(,0.001) and tricuspid A (0.002) were significantly higher in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus. Ratios of E/A and Ea/Aa progressively increased in both group. Mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A of fetuses of diabetic mother were lower in third tremester. Ea: Aa ratio of right ventricle was higher in fetuses of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus advancing gestation (p,0,03). Conclusions: Myocardial velocities obtained with TDE in conjunction with traditional Doppler methods provide an important non-invasive means of assessing diastolic function. We think that maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with impaired ventricular diastolic function in the fetus. Impaired ventricular diastolic function seems as a result of decreased relaxation and compliance.
Cardiac involvement in infant of diabetic mother: Diagnosis and follow up of evolution; Background: Cardiac involvement is one of the most important clinical manifestations of newborn of diabetic mother. Objectives: To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers (IDMs), the the diagnosis and follow-up their evolution. Methods: Patients: 84 IDMs newborns investigated in the first week of life and 49 of them re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT) and Doppler echocardiography (Echo) for congenital and/or acquired cardiac diseases. Fetal echo was performed in 38 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal Echo showed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV)(11 cases), confirmed by postnatal Echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia (40% cases), in 32 patients a systolic murmur was found, only 3 cases with signs of heart failure and the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy (14 cases) and disturbed ventricular repolarization in 30 cases. Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo showed: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (34 cases: 42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension(6), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52%) and congenital cardiac anomalies: PDA (6), VSD3, coarctation of aorta1, ASD (4 cases). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (21 cases) revealed a normal morphological cardiac aspect (14 cases) or significant reduction of HCMP (7), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (17%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP (43% of cases) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (54%).This fact justify early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Echo is the most sensitive and noninvasive method of diagnostic, useful for primary diagnostic as well as for follow up.
Pre-partum proteinuria is a risk factor for short-termi high blood pressure persistence after delivery; Introduction and Aims: Gestational hypertensive disorders complicate about 10 to 15% of all pregnancies, being of new onset in 70% of cases and being already present in the remaining 30%. Usually, blood pressure values normalize in 3 to 6 months after delivery. Nonetheless, in a small percentage of women chronic hypertension follows. Moreover several indirect evidences suggest that women with gestational hypertension have a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases. Thus, it would be advisable to prolong the follow-up of these patients in the short- or even in the long-term after delivery. Our study aimed to identify factors predicting the risk of maintaining an elevated blood pressure after delivery in patients with gestational hypertension. Methods: We conducted a prospective observational study and enrolled 26 patients with gestational hypertension or preeclampsia followed at the Gynecology and Obstetrics Department. Anthropometric, clinical and biochemical parameters were recorded in the pre-partum and atany biweekly visit in our outpatient clinic after the delivery. We divided patients into two groups: women who had a normal blood pressure within 15 days after delivery (group 1) and women who had persistent hypertension 15 days after delivery (group 2). We defined hypertension as the need to assume anti-hypertensive medications to maintain blood pressure values below 130/80 mmHg. Results: Patients were comparable for age, BMI, primiparity and comorbidities. One patient in group 1 and two patients in group 2 developed gestational diabetes mellitus. No significant differences were observed in weight gain and weight of the newborn between the two groups. Hypertension was detected earlier in group 2 (10 days) than group 1. Both groups successfully carried out the pregnancy through to full term. Prepartum proteinuria greater than 300 mg/day was more common among women who needed anti-hypertensive drugs to control blood pressure then in group 1 (84.6% vs. 30.7%). Presence of proteinuria before delivery was associated with a 12,4 higher risk of maintaining elevated blood pressure two weeks after delivery (OR=12,38, p<0.05). Moreover, although systolic blood pressure was not different between group 1 and group 2 (122.3±3.6 vs. 131.2±4.4 mmHg, p=NS), diastolic blood pressure was not completely controlled by the therapy and significantly higher in group 2 compared to group 1 (87.7±2.8 vs. 76.5±2.7 mmHg, p<0.01). Conclusions: This study suggests a strong association between pre-partum proteinuria and the risk of elevated blood pressure after delivery, prompting clinicians to follow proteinuric patients more closely after delivery.
Health nutrition barometer survey in pregnant diabetic obese women in western Algeria; Introduction: Pregnancy is a demanding condition, in which an increased need for nutrients and daily energy intake is required and necessary to its good progress and an optimal fetus development. Obesity and diabetes generate metabolic alterations and therefore complications. Methods: This study aims to determine the nutritional status of pregnant women with obesity and/or diabetes compared with control women. The study was conducted on a population of pregnant women, divided into three groups: obese and diabetic women, diabetic, neither diabetic nor obese considered like controls. Macro and micro nutrients' daily consumption has been determined by the 24h recall method. Women's feeding behaviors have also been determined by the Health barometer survey, based on five balanced diet landmarks considered protective against cardiovascular diseases, osteoporosis,or increasing this risk, or involved in diabetes and obesity. Results: The nutritional survey indicates that total energy intake (Kcal/day) is highly significant among obese and diabetic mothers compared with diabetic and controls. These women's diet is high in carbohydrate, fat and protein characterized by an overconsumption of pastries and cakes, egg, meat and fish, and a low consumption of milk and its derivatives. Micronutrients intake is altered with an increase rate of sodium, potassium and folats in obsese diabetic pregnant women, and a decreased supply rate of calcium and vitamins A, C and e in the diabetic ones. Conclusion: Pregnant women, especially obese and diabetic ones, don't respect the recommendations of balanced nutrition, and should be supported by dieticians, and therefore ensure good health of mother and fetus.
Insulin need in gestational diabetes is associated with a worse cardiovascular risk profile after pregnancy; Objective Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treated with insulin are more likely to develop type 2 diabetes after pregnancy compared to mild GDM cases treated with medical nutrition treatment (MNT) alone. We aimed to compare levels of sub clinical atherosclerosis markers in women with previous GDM treated with insulin and MNT alone. Methods Eighty-one women with previous GDM (45 treated with insulin, 36 treated with MNT) and 35 age-matched lean controls were included. Fasting glucose, insulin and lipids, circulating fibrinogen, CRP, PAI-1 and IL-6 levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Results Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had significantly higher fasting glucose, plasma PAI-1 levels and carotid IMT compared to women treated with MNT alone. In multiple regression analysis, insulin need in pregnancy was associated with increased carotid IMT and plasma PAI-1 levels (corrected for age, BMI, postpartum duration, fasting glucose and lipids; model r2=0.132; beta=0.297, p= 0.014 for carotid IMT; model r2=0.198; beta=0.345, p=0.003 for PAI-1). Conclusion Women with previous GDM treated with insulin in pregnancy had a worse cardiovascular risk profile compared to mild GDM patients. An intensive preventive approach for cardiovascular disorders is particularly essential for this subgroup of women. © 2012 The Japanese Society of Internal Medicine.
Previous gestational diabetes mellitus and markers of cardiovascular risk; The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in the developed world has increased at an alarming rate over the last few decades. GDM has been shown to be associated with postpartum diabetes, insulin resistance, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. A history of previous GDM (pGDM), associated or not with any of these metabolic abnormalities, can increase the risk of developing not only type 2 diabetes mellitus but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes later in life. In this paper we discuss the relationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic abnormalities, and vascular dysfunction in women with pGDM. We also review the current knowledge on metabolic modifications occurring in normal pregnancy and the link between alterations of a normal metabolic state with the long-term maternal complications that may result in increased CVD risk. Our review of studies on pGDM prompts us to recommend that these women be considered a population at risk for later CVD events, which however could be avoided via the use of specially designed follow-up programs in the future. Copyright © 2012 Nikolaos Vrachnis et al.
Pregnancy after age 50: Defining risks for mother and child; Assisted reproductive technology using donor-egg in vitro fertilization (D-IVF) has enabled women 50 years and above to successfully achieve pregnancy. We examine the safety profile of these pregnancies through a large, single-center case series and retrospective cohort analysis in which all participants were carefully screened medically prior to conception. Consecutive women aged 50 years (n=101) who achieved a viable pregnancy via D-IVF were identified and their perinatal outcomes were recorded. These data were compared with control data from younger (42 years) recipients of D-IVF (n=41) who also achieved a viable pregnancy at our center during the same period. Compared with the younger women, older recipients had statistically similar rates of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (23% versus 14%, odds ratio [OR] 1.9 [0.65 to 5.4]), gestational diabetes (4.0% versus 3.0%, OR 1.4 [0.15 to 113.0]), preterm premature rupture of membranes/preterm labor (8.9% versus 14%, OR 0.59 [0.18 to 1.9]), and abnormal placentation (2.1% versus 0%). Cesarean delivery was high in women 50 (81% of singletons, 100% of multiples). There was one maternal death, which occurred before delivery in a 49-year-old woman who would have been 50 at term had she survived, presumably secondary to myocardial infarction. Primary neonatal outcomes of gestational age and birth weight were excellent and similar between groups. Women 50 years who achieve pregnancy via D-IVF are at high risk for maternal complications, particularly hypertensive disorders and cesarean section, but at rates similar to those seen in younger recipients. © 2012 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Assessment of left ventricular systolic function in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy of gestational diabetes mellitus mothers using velocity vector imaging; The aim of this study was to quantifiably assess left ventricular systolic function by velocity vector imaging (VVI) in fetuses without myocardial hypertrophy born to gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) mothers. Ventricular images (4-chamber) from 60 normal fetuses and 32 GDM fetuses were selected. Myocardial global and segmental peak strain and systolic strain rates were obtained from VVI offline software. Ejection fraction (EF) was also measured to assess fetal cardiac function. EF of normal fetuses and GDM group were 65.55 ± 4.64% and 65.72 ± 4.92%. No difference was found in EF between the control group and GDM group. Global strain and strain rate of GDM groups were 13.74 ± 3.19% and 1.41 ± 0.54 s-1, respectively and were found to be lower than the normal group (p < 0.05). Six different segmental peak strains and peak systolic strain rates had identical adjacent segments not only in the control group, but also in GDM fetuses. It was concluded that VVI could reflect fetal cardiac function sensitivity. Global strain and strain rate may be useful parameters for assessing the fetal myocardial systolic function in diabetic mothers. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Herbal drugs for diabetic treatment: An updated review of patents; Diabetes mellitus is the most common endocrine disorder, affecting 16 million individuals in the United States and 200 million worldwide. Despite the use of advanced synthetic drugs for the treatment, use of herbal remedies is gaining higher importance because of synthetic drugs have drawbacks and limitations. The herbal drugs with antidiabetic activity are extensively formulated commercially because of easy availability, affordability and less side effects as compared to the synthetic antidiabetic drugs. Antidiabetic herbal formulations (AHF) are considered to be more effective for the management of diabetes. There are around 600 herbal drug manufacturers in India of which almost all manufacturers are developing AHF in addition to others. Till date, no article is published to give detailed information of the patents on AHF. Thus, this review article undertake the attempt for providing updated information on the type of diabetes and patented AHF which will enhance the existing knowledge of the researchers. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Fetal growth and later maternal death, cardiovascular disease and diabetes; Objectives. Low birthweight of the offspring has been associated with increased risk of early death and ischemic heart disease in the mother. However, other measurements of fetal growth than the basic birthweight are more accurate. We investigated the relation between the standardized birthweight by gestational age and gender and the ponderal index and the mother's subsequent mortality and cardiovascular morbidity. Design. Registry-based retrospective cohort study. Setting. Women with a first singleton delivery in Denmark from 1978 to 2007. Population. 782 287 women followed for 14.6 years yielding 11 600 945 person-years. Methods. Cox proportional hazard models. Main outcome measures. The primary exposures were variation in the standardized birthweight and ponderal index. The endpoints were subsequent maternal death, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, stroke, thrombosis, and diabetes mellitus. Results. The risk-profile for the standardized birthweight and subsequent maternal death had a nadir between -0.5 and -1 SD (HR 0.91; 95%CI 0.83-1.00) and increased with decreasing fetal growth peaking at <-3 SD (HR 2.75; 95%CI 2.37-3.19) compared to the median. The risk-profile for subsequent diabetes mellitus by standardized ponderal index had a nadir between +0.5 to +1 SD (HR 0.82; 95%CI 0.76-0.89) rising with increasing fetal growth and peaking at >+3 SD (HR 17.8; 95%CI 15.0-21.0). The risk-profiles for standardized ponderal index paralleled those for birthweight, but with smaller risk estimates. Adjusting for other pregnancy complications diminished the estimates. Conclusion. The fetal growth is a marker of subsequent risk for premature death, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes mellitus in the mother. © 2012 Nordic Federation of Societies of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Key questions in Vitamin D research; Despite interest and expanding research on non-bone health outcomes, the evidence remains inconclusive concerning the causal role of vitamin D in the non-bone health outcomes. To improve our understanding of its role, research needs to address five key areas related to vitamin D: 1) its physiology and molecular pathways. 2) its relationship to health outcomes. 3) its exposure-response relationships, 4) its interactions with genotype and other nutrients and 5) its adverse effects. Its metabolism needs to be elucidated including extra-renal activation and catabolism, distribution and mobilization from body pools, kinetics of this distribution, and their regulation during pregnancy and lactation. Rigorous, well-designed randomized clinical trials need to evaluate the causal role of vitamin D in a diverse array of non-bone health and chronic disease outcomes across the life cycle and reproductive states. Critically needed is the determination of the exposure-response, inflection and threshold of serum 25(OH)D concentrations relative to functional and health outcomes. The dose-response relationships of standardized measures of serum 25(OH)D need to be understood in response to low and high doses of total vitamin D with careful consideration of confounding factors including catabolic rates. How do relevant genetic polymorphisms, dietary calcium and phosphate and potentially dietary cholesterol interact with vitamin D exposure on its bioavailability, transport, distribution in body pools, metabolism and action as well as on bone and non-bone health outcomes? The nature and mechanisms of U-shaped risk relationships with adverse health outcomes at higher exposure to vitamin D needs elucidated across the life cycle and reproductive stages. © 2012 Informa Healthcare.
One risk assessment tool for cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease; OBJECTIVE - Individuals at high risk for chronic cardiometabolic disease (cardiovascular disease [CVD], type 2 diabetes, and chronic kidney disease [CKD]) share many risk factors and would benefit from early intervention. We developed a nonlaboratory-based risk-assessment tool for identification of people at high cardiometabolic disease risk. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Data of three population-based cohorts from different regions of the Netherlands were merged. Participants were 2,840 men and 3,940 women, white, aged 28-85 years, free from CVD, type 2 diabetes, and CKD diagnosis at baseline. The outcome was developing cardiometabolic disease during 7 years follow-up. RESULTS - Age, BMI, waist circumference, antihypertensive treatment, smoking, family history of myocardial infarction or stroke, and family history of diabetes were significant predictors, whereas former smoking, history of gestational diabetes, and use of lipid-lowering medication were not. The models showed acceptable calibration (Hosmer and Lemeshow statistics, P > 0.05) and discrimination (area under the receiver operating characteristic [ROC] curve 0.82 [95% CI 0.81-0.83] for women and 0.80 [0.78-0.82] for men). Discrimination of individual outcomes was lowest for diabetes (area under the ROC curve 0.70 for men and 0.73 for women) and highest for CVD mortality (0.83 for men and 0.85 for women). CONCLUSIONS - We demonstrate that a single risk stratification tool can identify people at high risk for future CVD, type 2 diabetes, and/or CKD. The present risk-assessment tool can be used for referring the highest risk individuals to health care for further (multivariable) risk assessment and may as such serve as an important part of prevention programs targeting chronic cardiometabolic disease. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
Fetal sex and perinatal outcomes; Objective: To evaluate the relationship of fetal sex with obstetric risk factors and perinatal outcomes. Material and methods: Retrospective study of deliveries during 2003-2009 at a tertiary hospital based on the analysis of obstetric and neonatal risk variables according to neonatal sex. Results: Of the 29,530 deliveries studied, the neonate was a boy in 15,038 (50.92%) and a girl in 14,492 (49.08%). The rates of gestational diabetes, prematurity, true umbilical cord knot and nuchal cord were higher for male newborns, whereas the rate of echographic diagnosis of intrauterine fetal growth retardation was higher for female newborns. Mothers of male fetuses had higher rates of cesarean delivery and instrumental vaginal delivery. The indication for ending labor due to the non-reassuring fetal heart rate was also more frequent among male newborns. This group had higher rates of acidemia, although there were no significant differences between sexes in other short-term neonatal outcomes. In all subgroups analyzed here, fetal weight was higher in male newborns. Conclusions: Male sex is an independent risk factor for unfavorable outcomes of pregnancy and delivery. © 2012 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston.
Lack of exercise is a major cause of chronic diseases; Chronic diseases are major killers in the modern era. Physical inactivity is a primary cause of most chronic diseases. The initial third of the article considers: activity and prevention definitions; historical evidence showing physical inactivity is detrimental to health and normal organ functional capacities; cause versus treatment; physical activity and inactivity mechanisms differ; gene-environment interaction (including aerobic training adaptations, personalized medicine, and co-twin physical activity); and specificity of adaptations to type of training. Next, physical activity/exercise is examined as primary prevention against 35 chronic conditions [accelerated biological aging/premature death, low cardiorespiratory fitness (VO2max), sarcopenia, metabolic syndrome, obesity, insulin resistance, prediabetes, type 2 diabetes, nonalcoholic fatty liver disease, coronary heart disease, peripheral artery disease, hypertension, stroke, congestive heart failure, endothelial dysfunction, arterial dyslipidemia, hemostasis, deep vein thrombosis, cognitive dysfunction, depression and anxiety, osteoporosis, osteoarthritis, balance, bone fracture/falls, rheumatoid arthritis, colon cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, polycystic ovary syndrome, erectile dysfunction, pain, diverticulitis, constipation, and gallbladder diseases]. The article ends with consideration of deterioration of risk factors in longerterm sedentary groups; clinical consequences of inactive childhood/adolescence; and public policy. In summary, the body rapidly maladapts to insufficient physical activity, and if continued, results in substantial decreases in both total and quality years of life. Taken together, conclusive evidence exists that physical inactivity is one important cause of most chronic diseases. In addition, physical activity primarily prevents, or delays, chronic diseases, implying that chronic disease need not be an inevitable outcome during life. © 2012 American Physiological Society.
High Risk, High Stakes: Optimizing Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in Women; Women worldwide are at risk for cardiovascular disease (CVD), with CVD mortality accounting for > 50% of deaths in women in the United States. CVD risk stratification in women was traditionally similar to that in men, leading to under-detection of disease in women. Recently women-specific guidelines have raised awareness of female-specific risk factors. Pre-eclampsia has a striking correlation with increased CVD events in women decades after pregnancy. New serum markers of CVD such as C-reactive protein show promise of early detection but have uncertain clinical value since they may not help re-stratify women at intermediate risk. Imaging tests such as coronary artery calcium scoring and carotid intimal medial thickness have been investigated in women. They too may fail to recognize women at long-term increased risk and how to apply these tests clinically is uncertain. This article critically reviews new developments in risk stratification of CVD in women. © 2012 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Cytokine profile, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease risk in women with late-onset gestational diabetes mellitus; Inflammation is an important component of the metabolic syndrome (MetS) which could be the link between the metabolic and the cardiovascular consequences of this condition. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) has been recognized as a significant risk factor for MetS and an inflammation component has been described in this disease. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationships between cytokine concentrations, components of MetS and cardiovascular risk markers in women with late-onset GDM. Women (n=63) with late-onset GDM and 63 controls were enrolled. Clinical variables, and obstetrics and perinatal outcomes were recorded. Relationships between cytokines (TNF-α, leptin, IL6, adiponectin) and endothelial injury markers (VCAM, ICAM and selectine) were analyzed. Control vs. patient data indicated: pre-gestational body mass index (BMI) 23.46±3.73 vs. 26.97±5.07kg/m2 (p=0.001); TNF-α 2.2±0.8 vs. 3.1±1.5pg/mL (p=0.002); leptin 18714.78±8859.08 vs. 27365.79±16209.67pg/mL (p=0.001); adiponectin 162.42±34.19 vs. 141.54±41.33ng/mL (p=0.04). Multivariate analyses showed that adiponectin had a protective effect (OR=0.9; p=0.02) and BMI carried a significant risk (OR=8.4; p=0.01) for GDM. No differences were found in endothelial injury markers. In conclusion, the cytokine profile in women with late-onset GDM is characterized by high concentrations of TNF-α and leptin and low adiponectin. This profile is related, in large extent, to an increased pregravid BMI which, potentially, may be linked to the future development of both metabolic and cardiovascular disease. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Association of British Clinical Diabetologists Autumn Meeting 2011 Abstracts; The proceedings contain 11 papers. The topics discussed include: does HbA1c have a role as a diagnostic tool in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)?; impact of expansion of the diabetes inpatient prospective service (DIPPS), portsmouth, into the orthopaedic stream; metformin therapy and assessment for vitamin B12 deficiency: is it necessary?; postnatal blood sugar assessment of patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; using turning technologies' turning point to assess FY1 doctors' confidence and ability when recognizing correct/incorrect insulin regimens; primary biliary cirrhosis presenting with profound hypercholesterolaemia requiring plasmapheresis; the development of a hyperglycaemia management pathway to safely reduce hospital admissions; exenatide can achieve significant weight loss in steroid induced diabetes; and management of hyperglycaemia in acute myocardial infarction (MI) in diabetic patients.
A morpho-etiological work-up of congenital limb anomalies; BACKGROUND: Limb anomalies rank behind congenital heart disease as the most common birth defects observed in infants. More than 50 classifications for limb anomalies based on morphology and osseous anatomy have been drafted over the past 150 years. The present work aims to provide a concise summary of the most common congenital limb anomalies on a morpho-etiological basis. PATIENTS AND METHODS: In a retrospective study, 81 newborns with anomalies of the upper and/or lower limbs were ascertained through clinical examination, chromosomal analysis, skeletal surveys and other relevant investigations. RESULTS: Fetal causes of limb anomalies represented 75.3% of the cases in the form of 15 cases (18.5%) with chromosomal aberrations (trisomy 13, 18 and 21, duplication 13q and deletion 22q) and 33 cases (40.7%) with single gene disorders. An environmental etiology for limb anomalies was diagnosed in 13 cases (16.1%) as amniotic band disruption, monozygotic twin with abnormal circulation, vascular disruption (Poland sequence, sirenomelia and general vascular disruption) and an infant with a diabetic mother, Twenty cases (24.7%) had limb anomalies as part of sporadic syndromes of unknown etiology. CONCLUSIONS: The morpho-etiological work-up of limb anomalies adopted in the present study is valuable for detecting the cause of the anomaly and is crucial for its prevention. Prevention can be achieved by proper genetic counseling, which includes recurrence risk estimation and prenatal diagnosis.
Maternal haemodynamics at 11-13 weeks of gestation and adverse pregnancy outcomes; Objective Women who develop pre-eclampsia (PE) or gestational diabetes (GDM) are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease. In individuals with cardiovascular disorders there is increased central aortic systolic blood pressure (SBPAo) and arterial stiffness. The hypothesis is that increased SBPAo, and arterial stiffness are apparent before the clinical onset of adverse pregnancy outcomes. Methods This was a prospective study in singleton pregnancies at 11+0-13+6 weeks' gestation. Pulse wave velocity (PWV), augmentation index (AIx) and SBPAo were measured. We compared these parameters in those that developed PE (n=181), GDM (n=105), gestational hypertension (n=137), small for gestational age (n=337) with unaffected controls (n=6,766). Multiple regression analysis was used to examine which of the maternal characteristics provided a significant contribution in the prediction of AIx-75, PWV and SBPAo. Each value was expressed as a multiple of the median (MoM) after adjustment for those characteristics. Results In the PE group there was an increase in AIx-75 (1.13 vs 1.00 MoM, p<0.0001), PWV (1.11 vs 1.00 MoM, p<0.0001), and SBPAo (1.09 vs. 1.00 MoM, p<0.0001). In the GDM group there was an increase in PWV (1.06 MoM, IQR 0.96-1.19 MoM vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.90-1.13 MoM, p=0.001) and SBPAo (1.03 MoM, IQR 0.98-1.14 vs. 1.00, IQR 0.94-1.08, p<0.0001), but no significant difference in the AIx (1.02 MoM, IQR 0.89-1.22 MoM vs. 1.00 MoM, IQR 0.87-1.17 MoM, p=0.118). Conclusion A high proportion of women who develop PE or GDM have increased SBPAo and arterial stiffness that is apparent from the first-trimester of pregnancy.
Recurrent hypoplastic left heart syndrome associated with maternal diabetes mellitus; We report a rare case of hypoplastic left heart syndrome (HLHS) occurring in two pregnancies of a mother with diabetes mellitus. The first pregnancy occurred three years following the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. HbA1c during this pregnancy was 7.13% and insulin was commenced at 20 weeks gestation. Following delivery at 35 weeks the female baby showed signs of cyanotic congenital heart disease, was diagnosed with hypoplastic left heart syndrome and sadly died on day 12 of life. The mother remained on insulin. Two later pregnancies resulted in deliveries of live male babies, one with no evidence of congenital heart disease and the other with a large ventricular septal defect. The booking HbA1c level in these pregnancies was 6.1% and 11.2% respectively. In the final pregnancy, which was unplanned, the booking HbA1c level had been 9.2%. HLHS was again diagnosed, this time at 24 weeks gestation, and the pregnancy was subsequently terminated. A clinical geneticist had counselled the parents following their first pregnancy and a 1-2% recurrence risk of congenital heart disease was given. The sibling recurrence risk of HLHS has since been quoted as high as 8% (Hinton et al 2007). Research into the relationship between hypoplastic left heart syndrome and maternal diabetes has been conflicting (Loffredo 2001, Moore 2000, Ferencz 1997, Becerra 1990) but one study suggested that maternal insulin dependent diabetes is a significant risk factor for HLHS (Abu-Sulaimain 2004). This rare case may support the findings reported in this study. It also highlights the importance of preconception counselling with particular reference to achieving satisfactory glycaemic control prior to conception.
Prioritisation of outcomes in the evaluation of weight management interventions in pregnancy: A DELPHI survey; Background The effect of weight management in pregnancy is evaluated in many randomised trials. There is paucity of evidence regarding what outcomes are considered to be clinically relevant to patient care. We performed a two round Delphi survey to prioritise the outcomes that are considered to be important in the weight management of women in pregnancy Methods A structured list of these outcomes was sent to 20 Consultants in UK and Netherlands with interest in this field. They were requested to rank the outcomes for their importance to clinical practice on a 1 to 9 scale. The median scores and the interquartile ranges (IQR) were calculated. In the second round, the experts were asked to reconsider their previous rating in view of the panel score and the new scores were calculated. Results Nineteen panellists (19/20, 95%) participated in the first round and 16 (16/19, 84%) in the second round. Five maternal outcomes had a median score of 8 or more with IQR of 2 or less in first round. For fetal outcomes, there was a consistency in the ranking with median scores over 8 and IQR of 1.25 or less. Gestational diabetes, pre eclampsia or gestational hypertension, maternal admission to ITU/HDU and venous thromboembolism were the top 5 clinically important outcomes identified. Conclusions This Delphi survey has identified the outcomes that are considered to be critically important in the weight management of pregnant women. Future randomised trials will need to evaluate the effect of weight management interventions in pregnancy for these outcomes.
Obstetric and neonatal outcomes in obese pregnant patients at Aberdeen maternity hospital; Introduction In 2008 CEMACH concluded the UK prevalence of women with a known BMI ≥35 (Class II and Class III obesity) at any point in pregnancy, giving birth ≥24+0 weeks gestation is 4.99% or 38,478 maternities each year. Women with a pregnancy BMI ≥40 (Class III obesity) is 2.01%, while super-morbid obesity (BMI ≥50) affects 0.19% of all women giving birth. Risks associated include gestational diabetes mellitus, preeclampsia and venous thromboembolism. Aim Review of maternity services in AMH for obesity. Methodology Retrospective case note analysis of 21 patients between January 2009 to July 2009 in women with a BMI of > 40. Results There were 76% patients identified with a BMI of 40-49, the rest had BMI of 50. Anaesthetic review was achieved by only 67%. Majority of the patients had growth scans (76%) and only 38% had OGTT done. Medical complications identified were GDM in 4%, PET in 19% and PIH in 4% patients. None were diagnosed with VTE, pre or post delivery. Eight patients (38%) were induced, there were 2 elective sections and rest had SOL. Seven patients had LSCS (2 electives and rest emergency), three patients had instrumental deliveries and rest had SVD. 33% had postpartum haemorrhage and 1 women (4%) had wound infection. There was 1 macrosomic baby and 1 NNU admission. Conclusion Overall the care of the morbidly obese pregnant patients has been reasonably good as reflected both in the obstetric and neonatal outcomes. However we have to be more vigilant in terms of early anaesthetic reviews and antenatal surveillances.
An assement of risk factors for congenital heart diseases in children of age group 0-10 years-a case control study; OBJECTIVES: Congenital heart diseases affect approx. 6-8 infants per 1000 live births and have multifactorial origin. Various studies have shown that there are a number of maternal (e.g. consanguinity, febrile illness, co-morbidities like gestational diabetes or hypertension) and fetal factors (prematurity, LBW, chromosomal abnormality) contribute to the development of CHDs. The aim of this study is to evaluate the role of various maternal, fetal and environmental risk factors in causation of congenital heart diseases in children up to 10 years of age.in India. METHODS: It was a case control study conducted at a tertiary care hospital from Mar 2012 to Aug2012. A total of 75 diagnosed cases of congenital heart diseases (CHDs) and equal number of matched controls were included in the study. RESULTS: The mean age of cases was 1.70±1.72 years and that of controls was 1.63± 1.90 years. Male to female ratio amongst cases was 1.5:1 while amongst controls was 1.7:1. VSD was the commonest cardiac anomaly found in 37(49.33%) cases. Out of 75 cases 26(35%) were born of consanguineous marriage while in controls 8(11%) were born as a result of consanguineous marriage. On analysis consanguinity emerged as a risk factor with odds ratio 4.44 (95% C.I= 1.75 to 12.24). Odds ratio for family history of heart disease was 4.10 (95% C.I= 1.34 to 14.97), for febrile illness was 3.27 (95% C.I =1.34 to 8.01). CONCLUSION: Our study showed that factors like consanguinity, family history of heart disease, maternal factors like febrile illness during pregnancy, associated comorbidities and fetal factors like preterm, low birth weight were significant underlying risk factors for congenital heart diseases in children up to 10 years of age in India.
Value of echocardiography for the diagnosis and monitoring of evolution of persistent pulmonary hypertension in newborn; Background: Persistent pulmonary hypertension represents a high emergency for newborns and a problem for differential diagnosis of cyanosis at this age. Purpose: To evaluate the value of the echocardiographic exam for the diagnosis of the persistent pulmonary hypertension (PPHN) in the newborn infant. Methods: Patients: 41 newborns (aged 0-8 days) with PPHN. We analyzed history of the disease searching the PPHN causes, PaO2, ECG, chest X ray, Doppler echocardiography for morphological and functional cardiac aspects. Echocardiographic exam was repeated after 5-7 days in all patients. Results: The main PPHN causes were: severe perinatal hypoxia, meconium aspiration syndrome, hyaline membrane disease, hypotermia, neonatal sepsis, infant of diabetic mothers, congenital cardiac malformations (4 cases). Physical exam: cyanosis in the first 12 hours, tachypnea and/or a severe respiratory distress, systolic murmur on the left border of sternum, loud, single S2. ECG: age related aspects and impaired left ventricular relaxation. Chest X ray: cardiomegaly (all cases). PaO2: variable low values in all patients. The main echocardiographic aspects: enlargement of the right chambers; severe tricuspid regurgitation with the peak velocity 3-4m/sec; mitral regurgitation (12/41 of cases), left-to-right shunt across foramen ovale and/or ductus arteriosus (30/41 of cases), enlargement of the pulmonary artery and severe pulmonary regurgitation with a gradient reaching 50-60mmHg (all cases), septal hypertrophy (11/41 of cases); impaired left ventricular relaxation with a normal systolic function; congenital heart diseases (7 cases-transposition of the great arteries, truncus arterious, ventricular septal defect). Repeated echocardiographic exams revealed in most of the cases diminished or no right-to left shunt across ductus arteriosus or foramen ovalae correlate with clinical improvement and disappearance of cyanosis. Conclusions: Echocardiographic exam, beside clinical exam and history of the disease, is an important element for the diagnosis and follow up of evolution by the specific treatment applied for PPHN in the newborn with cyanosis and this investigation must be performed early after birth.
Heart disease in the newborn of diabetic mother Usefulness of echocardiographic assessment; Objectives: To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother and utility of echocardiography (Echo) for the diagnosis and follow-up their evolution. Methods & Patients: 76 newborns of diabetic mothers follow up over a period of 6 years. Patients were investigated in the first week of life and 49 were re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx. CT) and Doppler echo for congenital and/or acquired cardiac diseases. Fetal echo was performed in 36 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal echo showed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV) in 9 cases, confirmed by postnatal echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia in 40% cases, in 32 patients a systolic murmur was found, only 2 cases with signs of heart failure and the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy in 14 cases and disturbed ventricular repolarization in 30 cases. Rx. CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo showed: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (32 cases: 42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (5), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52% of cases) and congenital cardiac anomalies: PDA (6), VSD (3), coarctation of aorta (1), ASD (4 cases). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (21 cases) revealed a normal morphological cardiac aspect in 14 cases or significant reduction of HCMP (7 cases), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (19%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP (42% of cases) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV (53%). This fact justify early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Echocardiography is the most sensitive and noninvasive method of diagnostic, useful for primary diagnostic as well as for follow up.
Exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment is associated with ventricular hypertrophy in early & late infancy; Background: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic pregnancy is associated with fetal myocardial hypertrophy and altered diastolic function. The natural history of ventricular size and function in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) beyond the neonatal period is poorly understood. This pilot study examines differences in ventricular size and function in IDM compared to healthy infants. Methods: IDM were prospectively enrolled through maternal recruitment in pregnancy with echocardiograms performed in early (<3 months, n=21) and late infancy (8 to 12 months, n=11). Echocardiography with m mode, Doppler interrogation of ventricular inflows and annular tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) was performed to assess ventricular size and function. Myocardial deformation was assessed using velocity vector imaging for strain and strain rate. Findings were compared to prospectively recruited infants of non-diabetic mothers (early, n=25, and late, n=11). Results: In early infancy IDM had increased intra-ventricular septum thickness (IVS) (P<0.01) and left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPW) (P<0.05) at end-diastole. LV and left atrial chamber size were no different. There was no difference in systolic function parameters (fractional shortening, TDI S'), diastolic function parameters (mitral inflow Doppler E and A waves, E/A ratio, TDI velocities or E/E'), myocardial performance index or myocardial deformation parameters (circumferential and longitudinal strain and strain rate). At late infancy, IDM LVPW remained increased (P<0.01), whilst IVS was not significantly different to late controls. There was no difference in systolic or diastolic parameters, MPI or myocardial deformation. Longitudinal comparison of IDM demonstrated a significant decrease in IVS (P<0.05) and LVPW z scores (P<0.05). Conclusion: LV hypertrophy seen in early infancy in IDM does not fully resolve by late infancy affecting the LVPW more than the IVS. The hypertrophy does not appear to significantly alter myocardial systolic and diastolic function. Longitudinal evaluation is important to determine the natural progression of the hypertrophy beyond infancy and its influence on longer term cardiovascular health.
Associations of pregnancy complications with calculated cardiovascular disease risk and cardiovascular risk factors in middle age: The avon longitudinal study of parents and children; BACKGROUND-: The nature and contribution of different pregnancy-related complications to future cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its risk factors and the mechanisms underlying these associations remain unclear. METHODS AND RESULTS-: We studied associations of pregnancy diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, preterm delivery, and size for gestational age with calculated 10-year CVD risk (based on the Framingham score) and a wide range of cardiovascular risk factors measured 18 years after pregnancy (mean age at outcome assessment, 48 years) in a prospective cohort of 3416 women. Gestational diabetes mellitus was positively associated with fasting glucose and insulin, even after adjustment for potential confounders, whereas hypertensive disorders of pregnancy were associated with body mass index, waist circumference, blood pressure, lipids, and insulin. Large for gestational age was associated with greater waist circumference and glucose concentrations, whereas small for gestational age and preterm delivery were associated with higher blood pressure. The association with the calculated 10-year CVD risk based on the Framingham prediction score was odds ratio 1.31 (95 confidence interval, 1.11-1.53) for preeclampsia and 1.26 (95 confidence interval, 0.95-1.68) for gestational diabetes mellitus compared with women without preeclampsia and without gestational diabetes mellitus, respectively. CONCLUSIONS-: Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy and pregnancy diabetes mellitus are independently associated with an increased calculated 10-year CVD risk. Preeclampsia may be the better predictor of future CVD because it was associated with a wider range of cardiovascular risk factors. Our results suggest that pregnancy may be an important opportunity for early identification of women at increased risk of CVD later in life. © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc.
Gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancy is associated with subsequent atherosclerosis in women during midlife: Cardia; Background: Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) during pregnancy have a 7-fold greater risk of type 2 diabetes and 2.5-times greater risk of the metabolic syndrome several years after delivery than women without a history of GDM. Yet, little is known about whether GDM status contributes to early subclinical atherosclerosis after pregnancy. We hypothesize that a history of GDM is a predictor of early atherosclerosis in women during mid-life. Methods: We examined 883 women (47% Black), aged 18-30 years at enrollment in 1985-1986 (baseline) in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study. Women selected for this analysis delivered 1 or more live births (total of 1,572 births) during the 20-year follow-up, reported GDM status for pregnancies, had no history of heart disease, and had common carotid intima media thickness (maximum ccIMT; average of the maximum wall thickness of the respective carotid artery segment based on 4 ultrasonic measurements for the common carotid arteries) obtained after 20 years of follow-up in 2005-2006. Results: We classified 121 (14%) women as GDM, and 762 women as non-GDM. Among GDM and non-GDM groups, average age at last birth was 31 years, and average age at the year 20 exam was 44 years. Multivariable linear regression models estimated mean (95%CI) ccIMT (mm) among GDM and non-GDM groups adjusted for baseline parity and follow-up covariates including number of post-baseline births, smoking, education, hypertension status, lipid-lowering medication use, and menopausal status. Unadjusted and fully adjusted mean ccIMT was higher for GDM versus non-GDM groups: (0.791 vs 0.758; p=0.002), and (0.813 vs 0.787;p=0.011), respectively. Adjustment for baseline BMI (a mediator of both GDM and IMT), modestly attenuated the difference in ccIMT means between GDM (0.799) and non-GDM (0.781); p=0.084. Race and age did not act as confounders or as effect modifiers of associations, and BMI was not an effect modifier. Addition of weight gain, and pregnancy-related hypertension during 20 years of follow-up in separate models had little impact on these findings. Conclusions: Among women of reproductive age, GDM during pregnancy may unmask future risk of subclinical atherosclerosis during midlife. Development of GDM during pregnancy serves as an important harbinger of future cardiometabolic diseases in young women long before disease onset.
Association of pre-pregnancy body mass index with stroke and coronary heart disease mortality; Background: Few studies have investigated the relationship between body mass index (BMI) measured before middle age and cardiovascular disease mortality in women. We hypothesized that higher pre-pregnancy BMI would be associated with increased stroke and coronary heart disease (CHD) mortality. Methods: We conducted a retrospective cohort study using the Child Health and Development Studies cohort of 10,889 women enrolled between 1959 and 1967 at the time of pregnancy diagnosis. Stroke and CHD death were assessed annually by matching study participants to the California Department of Motor Vehicles and the California Vital Status Records. We calculated pre-pregnancy BMI using self-reported pre-pregnancy weight and height measured at enrollment. Self-reported weights were similar to weights measured at the first visit. Covariates included age, race/ethnicity, education, total family income, smoking status, parity, and co-morbid conditions such as chronic hypertension, pre-pregnancy diabetes, and kidney disease. We used parametric survival analysis to calculate hazard ratios for stroke and CHD death for each BMI category. Results: At enrollment, mean age was 26.9 years, 66% (7190 of 10,889) were Caucasian, and 24% (2632 of 10,889) were African American. During a mean follow-up of 28.5 years, 1518 participants died. Among these, 79 participants died from stroke and 205 from CHD. Classified by pre-pregnancy BMI, 1008 women had a BMI <18.5, 8406 had a BMI 18.5-24.9, 1143 had a BMI 25-29.9, and 332 had a BMI ≥ 30. With increasing BMI, participants had higher prevalence of pre-pregnancy co-morbid conditions, higher age and parity, and lower family income. In adjusted models, higher pre-pregnancy BMI was associated with increased stroke and CHD risk compared to normal BMI (Table 1). Conclusion: We identified an association between pre-pregnancy BMI and cardiovascular mortality. Pregnancy may offer an opportunity to promote behavior change in women with elevated BMI to reduce later life risk for cardiovascular disease. (Table Presented).
Cesarean Delivery; Cesarean delivery rates rose from 20 to 33% of births in the United States from 2006-2009 without an accompanying improvement in neonatal outcomes. The cesarean rate may be safely decreased by increasing vaginal birth after cesarean, encouraging external cephalic version for breech presentation, maintaining operative vaginal delivery skills, and applying stricter criteria for operative intervention in labor dystocia. A variety of cesarean operative techniques are supported by randomized controlled trials. Optimal maternity care outcomes depend on sound medical decision-making, appropriate operative technique and skills, and effective communication between maternity care team members. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Gestational diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors in the offspring: Results from a cross-sectional study; Background While the association of gestational diabetes mellitus and abnormal glucose tolerance is beyond doubt, its associations with other cardiovascular disease risk factors in the offspring are less clearly established. Some of these associations, in particular overweight in the offspring, might be confounded by maternal overweight. Methods Data on 12542 children in the age of 3-17years with full information about gestational diabetes mellitus and maternal BMI were available from the German nationwide KiGGS study. We calculated linear and logistic regression models for measurements of body composition, blood pressure, HbA1c and cholesterol values in the offspring with gestational diabetes mellitus as the explanatory variable, with and without adjustment for maternal BMI. Results The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus in the dataset was 2.2%. Unadjusted regression analyses suggested weak positive effects of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition measurements [e.g. a mean increase in BMI standard deviation scores (SDS) of 0.17 units (95% confidence interval: 0.03, 0.30)]. After adjustment for maternal BMI, the observed associations almost disappeared [e.g. BMI SDS: 0.07 (-0.06, 0.20)]. With respect to blood pressure and cholesterol, no potential effects of gestational diabetes mellitus were observed in both unadjusted and adjusted models. Conclusion Gestational diabetes mellitus does not appear to have a relevant effect on cardiovascular disease correlates such as blood pressure or cholesterol levels in children, and the potential effect of gestational diabetes mellitus on body composition seems to be widely explainable by maternal BMI. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
Transcatheter embolization of congenital hepatic arteriovenous malformation using ethylene-vinyl alcohol copolymer (onyx); A male infant with high-output heart failure who had been found to have a hepatic arteriovenous malformation by ultrasound imaging was referred to our center (Department of Diagnostic and Interventional Radiology, Imam Khomeini Hospital, Tehran University of Medical Sciences, Islamic Republic of Iran) for further evaluation. Computed tomography angiography revealed a large hepatic arteriovenous malformation with feeders originating from enlarged hepatic arteries and draining to enlarged hepatic veins. We performed a transcatheter embolization of the anomaly using ethylene vinyl alcohol copolymer (Onyx) during a single session. The cardiac function of the infant rapidly improved after the procedure. Over the 19 months of follow-up, his cardiac output remained stable and within the normal limits, and no complications were detected. © Turkish Society of Radiology 2012.
Statin use during pregnancy: A systematic review and meta-analysis; Statins enjoy widespread acceptance as effective drugs to reduce morbidity and mortality in patients with and without cardiovascular disease, and are considered safe for long-term use. However, these compounds are contraindicated during pregnancy based on their potential teratogenic effects. Owing to the increasing number of young women eligible for statin therapy and the concern that the discontinuation of statin therapy might be harmful for both mother and child with hypercholesterolemia, gestational exposure to statins has increasingly become an issue of significant clinical importance. In this systematic review of both human and animal studies on the teratogenic effects of statins during pregnancy, we found that most of the available data in fact suggests that statins are unlikely to be teratogenic. In humans, the observed congenital anomalies were isolated and no consistent pattern has emerged to suggest that a common mechanism could underlie these observations. Animal studies show conflicting results, but in the reports in which an excess of congenital anomalies was reported in the statin-treated rodents, excessive doses were used compared with the regimens we commonly prescribe to human subjects. © 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Cellular and molecular mechanisms of metformin: An overview; Considerable efforts have been made since the 1950s to better understand the cellular and molecular mechanisms of action of metformin, a potent antihyperglycaemic agent now recommended as the first-line oral therapy for T2D (Type 2 diabetes). The main effect of this drug from the biguanide family is to acutely decrease hepatic glucose production, mostly through a mild and transient inhibition of the mitochondrial respiratory chain complex I. In addition, the resulting decrease in hepatic energy status activates AMPK (AMP-activated protein kinase), a cellular metabolic sensor, providing a generally accepted mechanism for the action of metformin on hepatic gluconeogenesis. The demonstration that respiratory chain complex I, but not AMPK, is the primary target of metformin was recently strengthened by showing that the metabolic effect of the drug is preserved in liver-specific AMPK-deficient mice. Beyond its effect on glucose metabolism, metformin has been reported to restore ovarian function in PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), reduce fatty liver, and to lower microvascular and macrovascular complications associated with T2D. Its use has also recently been suggested as an adjuvant treatment for cancer or gestational diabetes and for the prevention in pre-diabetic populations. These emerging new therapeutic areas for metformin will be reviewed together with recent findings from pharmacogenetic studies linking genetic variations to drug response, a promising new step towards personalized medicine in the treatment of T2D. © The Authors Journal compilation copy; 2012 Biochemical Society.
Treatments of prediabetes; The costs of diabetes in the United States are enormous and growing. Although environmental and social interventions for addressing the underlying causative risk factors for diabetes including obesity and physical inactivity are promising, their effectiveness and cost-effectiveness are not presently established (72). Although more expensive than usual care, screening and intensive lifestyle interventions and interventions with metformin and acarbose targeting individuals at high risk for diabetes are effective and safe. Lifestyle interventions directly improve quality-of-life and delay or prevent the decrement in quality-of-life and the costs associated with diabetes and its complications (72). Metformin and acarbose interventions are effective in delaying or preventing the decrement of quality-of-life and the costs associated with diabetes and its complications. As a result, intensive lifestyle, metformin, and acarbose interventions are very cost-effective.
Cardiometabolic Risk, Knowledge, Risk Perception, and Self-Efficacy among American Indian Women with Previous Gestational Diabetes; Objective: To describe cardiometabolic risk among a sample of American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes and describe the women's knowledge, risk perception for type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and self-efficacy beliefs related to preventing these diseases. Design: Mixed methods, cross-sectional, exploratory, descriptive. Setting: Four campuses within one American Indian tribal health care system in a southwestern state. Participants: A purposeful sample of 22 self-identified American Indian women with a history of gestational diabetes. Methods: Qualitative interview data were subjected to content analysis, and descriptive statistics were used to analyze quantitative questionnaire data and biophysiologic data. Results: The majority of participants (13 of 21) were classified as having metabolic syndrome, and 13 of 18 women were found to be insulin resistant. In general, the women had high levels of knowledge related to type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and high risk perception, but low self-efficacy related to preventing cardiometabolic disease. The overarching theme from the in-depth interviews, struggling to change lifestyle behaviors while doubting prevention is possible, encompassed four categories that provided further illumination into participants' risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and prevention. Conclusions: High levels of knowledge and risk perception do not necessarily promote increased self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease among American Indian women with previous gestational diabetes. Findings indicate the need to further explore women's self-efficacy beliefs in the context of American Indian culture prior to developing interventions aimed at increasing self-efficacy to prevent or delay type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Women with previous gestational diabetes are at increased risk for developing cardiovascular disease, independent of a diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. © 2012 AWHONN, the Association of Women's Health, Obstetric and Neonatal Nurses.
Infants of diabetic mothers: Echocardiographic measurements and cord blood IGF-I and IGFBP-1; Background: Cardiac malformations in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are five times higher than in normal pregnancies. Insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) is the most important growth factor in utero and is predominantly bound by IGF binding protein-1 (IGFBP-1). Objective: To examine the echocardiographic findings of neonates of diabetic mothers and the relationship with cord blood IGF-I and IGBP-1. Subjects and methods: This study was conducted on 69 neonates born to diabetic mothers who were admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit, Ain Shams University Hospitals between August 2007 and February 2008. They were classified into three groups: 20 small for gestational age, 25 appropriate for gestational age, and 24 large for gestational age. Neonates were subjected to thorough clinical examination and echocardiographic evaluation. Maternal hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) and cord blood IGF-I and IGBP-1 were assessed. Results: Thirty neonates (43.5%) had hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM); all of them were infants of suboptimally controlled diabetic mothers (HbA1c ≥ 7) with positive correlation between HbA1c and interventricular septal (IVS) thickness. Impaired left ventricular contractility was recorded in 52 IDMs (75.4%). The echocardiographic and laboratory measurements showed significant difference between the three studied groups. Cardiac morphological data were negatively correlated to IGFBP-1 and positively correlated to IGF-I and birth weight. Conclusions: The opposing relationships between cord blood IGF-I and IGFBP-1 on the cardiac morphological measurements supporting their putative opposing roles in HCM seen in IDMs. Birth weight is the best predictor of hypertrophied IVS especially in infants born to suboptimally controlled diabetic mothers. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Cell-mediated immunity to insulin: A new criterion for differentiation of diabetes mellitus?; Any classification is a step forward and it should help to determine the reason, the course, the prognosis, the treatment of a disease. The current classification of diabetes mellitus (DM) is really very convenient for work, but it has some drawbacks, and the absence of differentiation of type 2 diabetes is the main. The problem is the absence of an adequate criterion, based on pathogenesis for differentiation.We suppose that cell mediated immunity (CMI) to insulin plays the central role in the diabetes genesis. Autoimmune process may be triggered by viruses family Paramyxoviridae, in 10-20% of type 1 diabetes patients the disease is a consequence of direct cytotoxic effect of other viruses to the islet cells of pancreas. In acute phase of viral infection (measles, mumps, parainfluenza) CMI against viruses is developed, in some patients CMI to insulin appeared. We suppose that autoimmune reactions in these cases are the result of cross reaction between viral antigens and insulin. The majorities of patients suppress these reactions and recover from acute infection diseases with the antiviral immunity development and without any complications. Other patients are not able to suppress autoimmune reactions to insulin and pathological process is triggered. Type 1A diabetes is a result of direct CMI to insulin, and this process is responsible for beta-cells destruction; may be type 1B DM is due to the direct cytotoxic effect of other viruses or toxins to them.Some patients with acute viral infection cannot destroy the aggressive clone and they suppress autoimmune reaction to insulin by prostaglandin synthesizing cells (PGSC) or s{cyrillic}ells with histamine receptors (CHR). As a result of this process the insulin resistance is developed, because these cells or their cytokines form a block to the insulin receptors not only on immunocompetent cells, but in insulin sensitive tissues too.Patients with different reactions to insulin have different courses and outcomes of DM. We suppose that CMI to insulin is acceptable criterion for differentiation of DM, for identifying high risk group of patients in whom DM or its complications may develop. Moreover, prophylactic measures for decreasing of insulin resistance by nonsteroid anti-inflammatory drugs or histamine H2 receptor antagonists in persons with high activity of PGSC or CHR respectively can give good results.Furthermore, our hypothesis explains the initial reason for insulin resistance development, accordingly, it explains the reason for metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Recommendations for managing patients with diabetes mellitus in cardiopulmonary rehabilitation: An American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation Statement; Diabetes mellitus is a highly prevalent condition in patients participating in cardiopulmonary rehabilitation. However, research and subsequent guidelines specifically applicable to patients with diabetes, participating in cardiopulmonary rehabilitation, are limited. Recognizing this limitation, the American Association of Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Rehabilitation (AACVPR) initiated this statement, with the goal of developing a template that incorporated recommendations provided in the AACVPR Core Components and the American Association of Diabetes Educators 7 Self-Care Behaviors. This statement describes key processes regarding evaluation, interventions, and expected outcomes in each of the core components for the management of patients with diabetes in a cardiopulmonary rehabilitation program. Copyright © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Emergencies in the delivery room; Neonatal or maternal emergencies are rare events in clinical practice, although threatening for both mother and child. Obviously, most emergencies cannot be foreseen but clinicians must be aware of their possible occurrence. For situations, such as shoulder dystocia, risk factors are established like elevated body-mass index (BMI) of the mother, estimated birth weight more than 4000 g, macrosomia and diabetes. All emergencies have in common that they need a defined emergency communication pathway. Emergency strategies and emergency reactions are essential to cope with rare situations. Team training which is obligatory in aviation, needs to be implemented in any guidelines provided. The socalled management of the unexpected needs to be part of routine medical education for the students, residents and for the staff. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Cardiovascular risk related to gestational diabetes and polycystic ovary syndrome: Are women aware?; Aim: Research is emerging suggesting that women with gestational diabetes (GDM) and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are at increased risk of cardiovascular disease due to Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) as a consequence of impaired glucose tolerance. Our aim was to explore women's understanding of cardiovascular risk (CVR) following diagnosis of GDM and PCOS. Method: Individual interviews with12 women with GDMand three focus groups of three to five individuals with women with PCOS were conducted. Using qualitative methodologies interviews and groups were recorded and transcribed verbatim. Analysis was undertaken using the grounded theory approach. Results: Three themes were identified. 'Non-connection': Neither group made any connection of the effect of the diagnosis of GDM or PCOS on their long-term health. 'Cardiovascular risk - what risk?': In both groups women were aware of the impact of impaired glucose tolerance but as expected this was greater in women with GDM. Women with PCOS had very little knowledge of the CVR associated with their condition. 'No one told me': All the women stated they had to some degree been told of the risk of developing T2DM in later life but none recalled being informed of CVR. The majority of women with PCOS stated that they had a 'vague' idea that they could develop T2DM but not of the development of CVD in later life. Conclusion: Women with either GDMor PCOS should be informed of their predisposition to CVD and nurses and midwives should endeavour to inform women of preventative measures they could employ to reduce this.
The effect on clinician practices after initiation of a new management programme for diabetes in pregnancy; Background: Following institution of NICE and ADIPS guidelines in our unit we assessed the changes in clinician management. Method: We reviewed outcomes prior to (pre-2008) and after the institution of the above guidelines (2008-2009). This consisted of routine fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring at 36 weeks and growth ultrasounds at 28, 32 and 36 weeks gestation. Insulin requiring women with unstable control were delivered by 39 weeks and those with optimal control were delivered at 40 weeks. Women with diet controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were delivered by 41 weeks. The latter were followed throughout pregnancy in a routine antenatal clinic with review by obstetricians, diabetes educators, and dieticians. Data were obtained from 7 October 2006 until 31 December 2009 (OBSTETRIX). Results: There were a total of 601 women; 211 women and 390 respectively. Women with insulin-controlled diabetes in pregnancy were delivered later (P = 0.036) with clinicians undertaking a more conservative approach to induction of labour in this group of women. There was a trend to a reduction in rates of IOL 57% vs. 44% (P = 0.059) and the majority of women in the second group laboured spontaneously. There were no differences between the two groups in birthweights >4000 g; or rates of shoulder dystocia, caesarean section, instrumental delivery, admissions to the nursery (NICU and SCN) and Apgar scores <7. Conclusions: Institution of the newer guidelines resulted in later IOL in the women requiring insulin with no increases in adverse outcomes with the change of management.
Heart type fatty acid binding protein levels in the babies of diabetic mothers; Purpose: Heart-type fatty acid binding protein (h-FABP) was isolated from heart, aorta, brain, kidney, lung, stomach, testis, adrenal gland, breast, ovary, skeletal muscle, brown adipose tissue and placenta. FABP plays a role in lipid transport to specific compartments in cell and are released in the circulation after cell injury. H-FABP is used as a clinical indicator marker of coronary diseases. The aim of our study was to evaluate the levels of hFABP babies of diabetic mothers Methods: This study was carried out in 25 infant of diabetic mothers and 25 infant of non-diabetic mothers. Serum samples were taken at birth and 3 months later and HFABP levels were measured by ELISA Results: Median h-FABP levels of infants of diabetic mothers at birth and later was found to be 1,13 (0,29-5,39) ng/ml and 0,54 (0,31-1,41) ng/ml respectively. Median h-FABP levels of infants of non-diabetic mothers were 0,92 (0,22-8,06) ng/ml and 0,31 (0,11-1,19) ng/ml. h-FABP was significantly decreased in both groups 3 months after birth, (p: 0,0001, p: 0,0001). No statistically significant differences between groups were observed at birth the levels of h-FABP. Diabetic mothers' children h-FABP levels were higher when compared with normal parent at 3. months (p: 0,001). Conclusions: High H-FABP levels at birth were probably due to maternal origin. Probably maternal origin of HFABP was cleared from the circulation by the 3. month. Our study is the first study of hFABP in the infants of diabetic mothers.
Maternal diabetes leads to rat fetal cardiac hyperplasia and dysfunction in an experimental rat model; OBJECTIVE To investigate whether pre-gestational diabetic milieu would lead to fetal cardiac cellular, genetic, and functional alterations. STUDY DESIGN Ten diabetic rat dams with 107 fetuses (control dams = 20, fetuses = 219) were preconceptually injected with STZ (35 mg/kg). Fetal ultrasonography in isoflurane anesthesia was performed on GD 13-14, 16-17, and 19-21 (Acuson Sequoia 512, Mountain View, California). After the last examination the dam was killed and fetal hearts were gathered. TUNEL assays were used to detect apoptosis (diab = 23, control = 39). HE- samples (diab = 46, control = 85) were used for morphometric analysis (apoptosis, mitosis, erythroblasts). Gömöri silver samples (diab = 21, control = 22) were used for cardiomyocyte dimension analysis. Fetal heart RNA (diabetic = 15, control = 14) was isolated (Qiagen Rneasey reagents, Netherlands) and hybridized with cDNA probes. Expression was measured with qRT-PCR using TaqMan chemistry on a 7300 Real-Time PCR System (Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA). Newborn pups from separate litters were used for heart and body weight analysis (diab = 10, control =9). RESULTS Diabetic fetal hearts had elevated counts of apoptosis, mitosis, and erythroblast-to-erythrocyte-ratios. Cardiac-to-thoracic-area-ratio, heart weight and heart-to-body-weight-ratio were all increased in the diabetic fetuses. Cellsize and amounts of cell nucleus per fixed area were similar in diabetic and control group. At GD 13-14 holosystolic atrio-ventricular-valve-regurgitation was present, outflow tract mean velocity was decreased and inflow E-to-Awave- ratio increased in diabetics. Throughout, diabetic fetuses had decreased heart rates. Increased levels of ANP and BNP, and skeletal heavy myosin isoforms (MYH2, MYH3) mRNAs were recorded. Genetic level changes were seen in genes linked to action potential (KCNIP2), hypoxia (EGLN3), and metabolism (UCP3, GLUT4). CONCLUSION Maternal hyperglycemia leads to fetal myocardial enlargement caused by hyperplastic growth. Fetal cardiac dysfunction at GD 13-14 was present in holosystolic AVVR and decreased cardiac output. These changes were transient. We present differences of expression in metabolic, cardiac growth, and functional process genes. Furthermore, there was evidence of hypoxic insult in the diabetic fetuses.
Standardized mortality rate in parents of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); Background The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is associated with multiple risk factors of the metabolic syndrome as well as cardiovascular disease (CVD) and could therefore influence life expectancy. Because of the familial nature of the syndrome, parents of PCOS women are also prone to develop these risk factors. A lot is known on children of PCOS women but data on the parents of PCOS women is scarce. A recent study found that fathers of PCOS women had a higher prevalence of heart attack and stroke compared to a reference population. Thus far data on mortality rates in parents of PCOS women is lacking. Objective This study determines all-cause mortality in parents of PCOS women using Standard Mortality Rate analysis (SMR). Methods PCOS was diagnosed according to the Rotterdam criteria. Parental information was obtained during initial screening of the PCOS women and questionnaires were sent to update the medical history of the parents. Additional data on date of birth and death of the parents of the PCOS women was achieved from a nationwide municipal records web-based database. SMR was calculated based on the mortality of the parents of PCOS women compared to the general population standardized for age, gender and historical mortality rates. Furthermore subgroups were selected based on the presence of specific health risks such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Results Overall life expectancy in the parents was not influenced by the PCOS of their daughters. However, a significant decrease in life expectancy in the mothers with diabetes mellitus was observed (SMR 1.81; p-value=0.02). Fathers with diabetes (SMR 1.12; p-value=0.34) and parents known with CVD (fathers SMR 1.13, p-value=0.20; mothers SMR 1.3, p-value=0.11) had a shorter life expectancy. These differences are not significant but tend to strike in the unfavorable direction. Conclusion This is the first study to assess mortality rate in parents of PCOS women. Mortality rates these parents were similar to the general population. However, the diabetic mothers of PCOS patients did have a significantly shorter life expectancy. Development of diabetes in mothers of PCOS women might identify a high risk group who deserve special attention in screening programs.
Evaluation of transplacental treatment for fetal congenital bradyarrhythmia-nationwide survey in Japan; Background: There are few large studies of fetal congenital bradyarrhythmia. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects and risks of transplacental treatment for this condition. Methods and Results: Using questionnaires, 128 cases of fetal bradyarrhythmia were identified at 52 Japanese institutions from 2002 to 2008. Of the 128 fetuses, 90 had structurally normal hearts. Among these 90 fetuses, 61 had complete atrioventricular block (CAVB), 16 had second-degree AVB, 8 had sinus bradycardia, and 5 had other conditions. The 61 CAVB fetuses were divided into those who did (n=38) and those who did not (n=23) receive transplacental medication. Monotherapy with β-sympathomimetics, steroid monotherapy, and combination therapy with these agents was given in 11, 5 and 22 cases, respectively. Beta-sympathomimetics improved bradycardia (P<0.001), but no medication could significantly improve the survival rate. Fetal hydrops was associated with a 14-fold increased risk of perinatal death (P=0.001), and myocardial dysfunction was a significant risk factor for poor prognosis (P=0.034). Many adverse effects were observed with steroid treatment, with fetal growth restriction increasing significantly after >10 weeks on steroids (P=0.043). Conclusions: Treatment with β-sympathomimetics improved bradycardia, but survival rate did not differ significantly in fetuses with and without transplacental medication. It is recommended that steroid use should be limited to <10 weeks to avoid maternal and fetal adverse effects, especially fetal growth restriction and oligohydramnios.
Spontaneous uterine rupture at 22 weeks' gestation in a multipara with previous hysteroscopic resection of fibroid; A 34-year-old multiparous woman presented at 22+6 weeks' gestation with severe abdominal pain which preceded a mechanical fall down the stairs. On admission, fetal movements were felt and fetal heart rate was detected by Doppler ultrasound. Over the course of 12 h, although she maintained her vital signs, repeat laboratory and radiological investigations suggested sinister intra-abdominal pathology. Subsequently, fetal movements and heart rate ceased and the patient began to decompensate. A CT scan confirmed uterine rupture. Subsequent emergency laparotomy revealed a 2 l haemoperitoneum and lifeless fetoplacental unit in the abdominal cavity. It is postulated that this rupture occurred as a rare yet life-threatening complication of a hysteroscopic resection of fibroid that the patient underwent 1 year previously. There are no known published cases of a spontaneous uterine rupture following a hysteroscopic procedure at such an early gestation. The patient made a full physical recovery.
Clomipramine concentration and withdrawal symptoms in 10 neonates; Aim: After in utero exposure to tricyclic antidepressants, neonatal withdrawal symptoms have been reported with an estimated incidence between 20 and 50%; however, few data are available for clomipramine. This could also be the case for neonatal pharmacokinetic clomipramine parameters and so this study was set up. Methods: Babies exposed to clomipramine in utero were included in an observational study, approved by the local ethics committee, after written informed consent. Withdrawal symptoms were scored at 12, 24 and 48h after birth using the Finnegan score. Plasma concentrations were determined using an in-house-developed, validated liquid chromatography with mass detection (LC-MSMS) method at 0, 12, 24 and 48h after birth. Results: We found that three of 11 pregnancies were complicated with pre-eclampsia. Ten neonates were observed for clomipramine withdrawal symptoms. The observed withdrawal symptoms were too short a period of sleep after feeding (6), poor feeding (3), mild to severe tremors (6), hyperactive Moro reflex (3) and respiratory rate >60 breaths min-1. Serious withdrawal reactions, such as tachycardia and cyanosis, were seen. We calculated a half-life value of 42 ± 16h for clomipramine in neonates. Only a weak correlation was found between withdrawal reactions and clomipramine plasma concentration or desmethylclomipramine plasma concentration. Conclusions: In neonates, clomipramine is eliminated with a half-life value of 42h, compared with 20h in adults. In two of 10 neonates, tachycardia and cyanosis were seen as serious withdrawal symptoms after maternal use of clomipramine. © 2011 The Authors. British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology © 2011 The British Pharmacological Society.
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Gestational diabetes mellitus may precede development of Type 2 diabetes and may be related to cardiovascular disease. Pulse wave velocity measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, the relationship between aortic stiffness and gestational diabetes is unclear. The aim of this study was to evaluate aortic pulse wave velocity in women with gestational diabetes in comparison with a matched control group of healthy pregnant women. Methods This case-control study included 24 women with gestational diabetes and 27 matched control subjects. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and aortic pulse wave velocity were measured. Results Both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status and blood pressure levels. Women with gestational diabetes had aortic pulse wave velocity comparable with control subjects: 7.2±0.9 vs. 7.3±1.2m/s (P=0.79). When categorized according to the median value of pulse wave velocity (7.3m/s), age (P<0.001), diastolic blood pressure (P=0.03) and heart rate (P=0.02) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the group with gestational diabetes, there was a non-significant trend towards higher 1-h postprandial glycaemia in patients with higher (above the median) pulse wave velocity (6.5±0.8 vs. 7.1±1.3mmol/l, P=0.22) and a lower prevalence of patients with good glycaemic control (38.5 vs. 72.7%, P=0.09). Conclusions Although gestational diabetes may be a risk factor for development of cardiovascular disease, women with gestational diabetes do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycaemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes. © 2012 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2012 Diabetes UK.
The insulin-like growth factor system, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease risk; The metabolic syndrome is a combination of metabolic and clinical features that aggregate in individuals and increase cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk considerably. It is believed, although sometimes controversially, that the underlying basis for this syndrome is insulin resistance (IR) and accompanying compensatory hyperinsulinemia. Insulin and insulin-like growth factors (IGFs) have significant homology and interact with differing affinity with the same receptors. Therefore, their actions can be complementary, and this becomes particularly significant clinico-pathologically when their circulating levels are altered. This review of currently available information attempts to answer the following questions: (1) Is there any evidence for changes in the components of the IGF system in individuals with established CVD or with increased CVD risk as with the metabolic syndrome? (2) What are the underlying mechanisms for interactions, if any, between insulin and the IGF system, in the genesis of CVD? (3) Can knowledge of the pathophysiological changes in the IGF system observed in macrosomic newborn infants and growth hormone (GH)-treated children and adults explain some of the observations in relation to the IGF system and the metabolic syndrome? (4) Can the experimental and clinical evidence adduced from the foregoing be useful in designing novel therapies for the prevention, treatment, and assignment of prognosis in metabolic syndrome-associated disease, particularly ischemic heart disease? To answer these questions, we have performed a literature review using bibliographies from PubMed, Medline, and Google Scholar published within the last 10 years. We suggest that IGF-1 levels are reduced consistently in individuals with the metabolic syndrome and its components and in those with ischemic CVD. Such changes are also seen with GH deficiency in which these changes are partially reversible with GH treatment. Furthermore, changes are seen in levels and interactions of IGF-binding proteins in these disorders, and some of these changes appear to be independent of IGF-binding capability and could potentially impact on risk for the metabolic syndrome and CVD. The promising therapeutic implications of these observations are also discussed. © 2012, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Predictors of emergency department and outpatient visits for hypoglycemia in type 2 diabetes: An analysis of a large US administrative claims database; Background: Although hypoglycemia is a well-recognized complication of type 1 diabetes and insulin treatment in type 2 diabetes, less research exists on hypoglycemia in the large number of patients with type 2 diabetes who are treated with oral antidiabetic agents. Objective: To identify predictors of hypoglycemia-related emergency department (ED) and outpatient visits in patients with type 2 diabetes. Methods: We used the 2004-2008 MarketScan database to conduct a nested case-controlanalysis. Cohort members were 18 years of age or older with type 2 diabetes and taking an oral antidiabetic agent at cohort entry. We required 12 months or more of continuous enrollment in a noncapitated plan and excluded persons with type 1 or gestational diabetes. Within the cohort, we selected 11,375 cases (first outpatient hypoglycemic event) and 68,247 controls using 6:1 incidence density sampling. A conditional logistic regression model estimated the adjusted odds ratios (AORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals of predictors. Results: Cases were more likely than controls to have diabetic complications and other comorbidity, and to be using the most antidiabetic or other medications. The presence of individual micro- and macrovascular complications of diabetes increased the relative rate of hypoglycemia. With no antidiabetic drug therapy as the referent (within 30 days preceding the index date), insulin monotherapy (AOR 1.76; 95% CI 1.50 to 2.05) and insulin in combination with other oral antidiabetic agents (AOR 1.80; 95% CI 1.65 to 1.97) had the highest relative rates of hypoglycemia. Metformin monotherapy (AOR 0.65; 95% CI 0.61 to 0.70), thiazolidinedione monotherapy (AOR 0.71; 95% CI 0.63 to 0.79), and dipeptidyl peptidase- 4 inhibitor monotherapy (AOR 0.63; 95% CI 0.45 to 0.89) had decreased relative rates of hypoglycemia. Monotherapy with sulfonylureas, other injectable agents, meglitinides or a-glucosidase inhibitors was not predictive. Conclusions: Medications should be prescribed carefully for patients at high risk of hypoglycemia, particularly those with diabetes complications or those taking insulin alone or in combination. Additional studies are needed to carefully examine the nature of the association between diabetes-related complications and hypoglycemic episodes.
The living kidney donor evaluation: Focus on renal issues; Living kidney donor evaluations and follow-up have previously been addressed mostly by transplant physicians and surgeons. However, this area is significantly informed by basic principles of renal physiology and is of increasingclinical interesttogeneral nephrologists. The general nephrology community isincreasingly involved in evaluating the suitability of potential donors and infollowing them afterdonation when questions are raised about low GFR, hypertension, and other renal concerns. This article focuses on some of the most central and common issues that arise in evaluating potential donors and attempts to provide guidance on the basis of our review of the living donor literature, extrapolations from the general nephrology literature, and our own clinical experience. © 2012 by the American Society of Nephrology.
The impacts of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on fetal hearts; Objective: To evaluate the fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glycemic controls. Methods: Forty four GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiographic evaluations at three gestational periods (<28, 28-34 and ≥34 weeks) and were divided into poorly-(DM1) and well-(DM2) controlled groups according to their glycemic control at examination. Seventy uncomplicated mothers were selected as controls. Parameters of fetal cardiac anatomy and function were measured and analyzed. Results: GDM fetuses' cardiac ventricular walls were thicker than controls', and the differences between DM1 and DM2 were not significant except for end-diastolic left ventricular walls. In both GDM groups, the aortic flow velocities increased earlier than pulmonary artery and DM1 fetuses changed earlier than DM2 ones. GDM fetuses' left atrial shortening fraction was smaller than the controls' in the period of ≥34 weeks and negatively correlated with thicknesses of left ventricular walls and interventricular septum in DM1 fetuses (r=-0.438 and -0.506). The right ventricular diastolic function in DM1 and DM2 fetuses decreased after the period of 28-34 weeks and in the period of ≥34 weeks respectively. Tei index of both left and right ventricles increased in DM1 group after the period of <28 weeks and in DM2 group only in the period of ≥34 weeks, with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 groups in this period. Conclusion: Fetuses of GDM mothers showed cardiac function impairments. Good maternal glycemic control may delay the impairments, but cannot reduce the degree. Some cardiac changes in GDM fetuses were similar to those in pregestational diabetic pregnancies except for several parameters and their changing time. © 2012 The Editorial Board of Biomedical and Environmental Sciences.
Similar risk for hemangiomas after amniocentesis and transabdominal chorionic villus sampling; Aim: In an earlier study we have shown that transcervical chorionic villus sampling in excess of 90 mg increases the risk for hemangiomas of infancy three- to four-fold compared to amniocentesis. In the present study we investigated whether transabdominal chorionic villus sampling (TA-CVS), in which the samples are smaller, carries the same risk. Material and Methods: Retrospectively, data were analyzed from 200 consecutive TA-CVS procedures and 200 consecutive amniocentesis procedures. Forty-two TA-CVS procedures and 27 amniocentesis procedures were excluded on predefined criteria. Questionnaires were sent to the parents asking if there was any skin mark on the child: Vascular, pigmented or otherwise. All hemangiomas were clinically confirmed. Results: In the TA-CVS group, 118/158 questionnaires (75%), and in the amniocentesis group 134/173 questionnaires (77%) were returned. Based on the results of the questionnaire (i.e. mentioning of any skin lesion), 24 children in the TA-CVS group and 42 children in the amniocentesis group qualified for a physical examination. In the TA-CVS group 11/118 children (9%) had one or more hemangiomas. In the amniocentesis group 6/134 children (4%) had one or more hemangiomas. Therewas no statistical difference between the two groups (P = 0134). Conclusion: These results suggest that TA-CVS does not cause an increase in the prevalence of hemangioma compared to amniocentesis. A larger series is, however, necessary to confirm this. © 2011 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Gestational diabetes: Implications for cardiovascular health; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pregnancy complication that is becoming more prevalent with recent population trends in obesity and advancing maternal age. A diagnosis of GDM not only increases risk for maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy, but also significantly increases a woman's risk of both type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the postpartum. Even women with milder forms of abnormal glucose homeostasis during pregnancy, specifically gestational impaired glucose tolerance, are at increased risk, justifying the recent recommendation to tighten the diagnostic criteria for GDM, thus implicating many more women. Risk factors that increase risk for future CVD among women with a history of GDM include postpartum progression to T2DM; metabolic syndrome; obesity; hypertension; and altered levels of circulating inflammatory markers, specifically, adiponectin, C-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Medical therapies such as metformin that prevent progression to T2DM may prove to be our primary defense against earlier CVD among women with GDM. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Thalassaemia in pregnancy; Thalassaemia is the most common monogenetic disease worldwide. Antenatal screening is effective and simple, and accurate genetic prenatal diagnosis can be achieved in early gestation. Less invasive methods are feasible with ultrasound fetal assessment for alpha-thalassaemia, analysis of circulating fetal nucleic acid in maternal plasma, and pre-implantation genetic diagnosis. Women with thalassaemia major and intermedia are at risk of various maternal complications, such as cardiac failure, alloimmunisation, viral infection, thrombosis, endocrine and bone disturbances. Therefore, it is prudent to adhere to a standard management plan in this group of pregnant women. Close monitoring of the maternal and fetal condition during pregnancy is essential, and various treatments, such as blood transfusion or postpartum prophylaxis for thromboembolism, may be indicated. After birth, resumption of iron chelation and bisphosphonates treatment is needed, and counselling on breast feeding and contraception should be given. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Care of the infant of the diabetic mother; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) from all causes of diabetes is the most common medical complication of pregnancy and is increasing in incidence, particularly as type 2 diabetes continues to increase worldwide. Despite advances in perinatal care, infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) remain at risk for a multitude of physiologic, metabolic, and congenital complications such as preterm birth, macrosomia, asphyxia, respiratory distress, hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, polycythemia and hyperviscosity, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and congenital anomalies, particularly of the central nervous system. Overt type 1 diabetes around conception produces marked risk of embryopathy (neural tube defects, cardiac defects, caudal regression syndrome), whereas later in gestation, severe and unstable type 1 maternal diabetes carries a higher risk of intrauterine growth restriction, asphyxia, and fetal death. IDMs born to mothers with type 2 diabetes are more commonly obese (macrosomic) with milder conditions of the common problems found in IDMs. IDMs from all causes of GDM also are predisposed to later-life risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Care of the IDM neonate needs to focus on ensuring adequate cardiorespiratory adaptation at birth, possible birth injuries, maintenance of normal glucose metabolism, and close observation for polycythemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and feeding intolerance. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Pathogenesis and prevention of type 2 diabetes: Parental determinants, breastfeeding, and early childhood nutrition; Among the factors predisposing to type 2 diabetes in children, adolescents, and young adults, the health and behavior of both the mother and father are critical. Prevention and treatment of parental nutritional disorders (including obesity and malnutrition), promotion of breastfeeding, and avoidance of overfeeding of young children are essential for childhood health and metabolic function. Focusing research and policy on parental influences on childhood health should reduce the risks of obesity and type 2 diabetes in future generations. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Cushing's syndrome during pregnancy secondary to adrenal adenoma; Pregnancy rarely occurs in untreated cases of Cushing's syndrome (CS), because most of them are infertile due to significant maternal and fetal complications during pregnancy. Diagnosis of CS may be difficult during pregnancy. Since physiological changes of pregnancy are overlapped by classical presentation and biological confirmation of CS. Therefore the high clinical suspicious is needed for diagnosis. We present a 33 years old pregnant woman with a history of chronic hypertension from 10 years ago that referred to Imam Khomeini hospital for uncontrolled hypertension, gestational diabetes and fetal tachycardia at the 30 weeks of gestation. After initial studies abdominal MRI detected a 43 x 35 x 29 mm right adrenal mass. She was treated by anti-hypertensive drugs. But at 31.5 weeks of gestational age cesarean section was performed due to sever preeclampsia. Then two weeks after delivery open right adrenalectomy was carried out without any complications and in the histopathological evaluation benign adrenocortical adenoma was reported. CS is associated with considerable fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality. Selection of treatment method is variable and it depends on gestational age. Medical and surgical approaches have been used in managing CS in pregnancy. Surgical treatment is the first choice for CS which is recommended at the second trimester and in the late pregnancy medical treatment is preferred. © 2012 Tehran University of Medical Sciences. All rights reserved.
The metabolic role of retinol binding protein 4: An update; Retinol binding protein 4 (RBP is regarded as a novel cardiometabolic risk factor, which is secreted mainly by the hepatocytes and also by the adipose tissue. RBPhas been shown to induce insulin resistance, and plasma RBPvalues are increased in type 2 diabetes mellitus, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it has been found that circulating RBPdecreases during medical interventions that result in amelioration of the metabolic profile, such as diet, exercise, oral antidiabetic drugs, and hypolipidemic agents. However, only few of the RBPrelated studies have investigated whether RBPconstitutes a causal factor of the above-mentioned metabolic conditions. Importantly, circulating RBPis influenced by some nonmetabolic conditions, such as renal failure, acute illness, injury, and liver failure. Thus, further studies investigating the metabolic roles of RBPshould be carefully planned, taking into account the effects of nonmetabolic conditions on circulating RBP © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Prevalence, risk factors and complications associated with type 2 diabetes in migrant South Asians; It is estimated that type 2 diabetes (T2D) currently affects about 246 million people worldwide, with South Asians, especially Indians, having both the largest number of cases and the fastest growing prevalence. South Asian ethnicity has been identified as a major risk factor for the development of T2D with central adiposity, insulin resistance and an unfavourable lipid profile being identified as predominant signals of alarm. Leading databases, including Web of Science, Medline, PubMed and Science Direct, were consulted and manual searches were conducted for cited references in leading diabetes-related journals. In all, 152 articles were included for the final assessment reported in this review. Genetic predisposition, central adiposity and unfavourable lifestyle, including physical inactivity and an unhealthy diet, were associated with the prevalence of T2D in migrant South Asians. 'Westernization', acculturation, socio-economic factors and lack of knowledge about the disease have also been identified as contributors to the development of T2D in this population. Higher prevalence of T2D in migrant South Asians may not be entirely attributed to genetic predisposition; hence, ethnicity and associated modifiable risk factors need further investigation. Preventive measures and appropriate interventions are currently limited by the lack of ethnic-specific cut-off points for anthropometric and biological markers, as well as by the absence of reliable methods for dietary and physical activity assessment. This article describes the prevalence rate, risk factors and complications associated with T2D in migrant South Asians living in different countries. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Atypical fetal response to the mother's voice in diabetic compared with overweight pregnancies; Objective: To characterize fetal spontaneous heart rate changes and movements and auditory-elicited heart rate changes in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies compared with those in uneventful, overweight pregnancies. Methods: Spontaneous heart rate and movements and maternal voice-elicited heart rate changes were observed in 46 mother-fetal pairs (n = 14 gestational diabetic and n = 32 overweight prepregnancy) at 36 (±1) weeks gestational age. Fetal heart rate changes, body movements, and breathing movements were observed for 20 minutes while the mother was at rest. Subsequently, each fetus was presented with a 2-minute audio recording of the mother's voice using the following 6-minute procedure: 2 minutes no-voice baseline, 2 minutes voice presentation, and 2 minutes no-voice postvoice period; heart rate was recorded continuously. Results: There were no differences in spontaneous heart rate changes, body movements, or breathing movements between the 2 groups. Fetuses in the overweight group showed an increase in the heart rate during the playing of their mother's voice, whereas fetuses in the diabetic group showed no response. Conclusions: Fetuses in overweight pregnancies responded to the mother's voice with an increase in the heart rate as has been reported previously in uneventful pregnancies. The lack of response to the mother's voice in fetuses in diabetic pregnancies may represent immature neural or auditory system development, an increased sensorineural threshold, and thyroid or iron deficiency. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Thrombolytic therapy for ischemic stroke secondary to paradoxical embolism in pregnancy: A case report and literature review; Introduction: Thrombolysis for acute ischemic stroke has been rarely administrated during pregnancy. Paradoxical embolism through a patent foramen ovale (PFO) or pulmonary arteriovenous malformation (AVM) is an identified risk factor for ischemic stroke. CASE REPORT:: We report a 24-year-old woman at 11 weeks gestation who developed a sudden onset of dysarthria, hemiparesis, and hemisensory loss. She was diagnosed as having an ischemic stroke in the left middle cerebral artery (MCA) territory. She was treated with intra-arterial recombinant tissue plasminogen activator with subsequent resolution of her neurological deficits. Further workup revealed the presence of a PFO with a large right-to-left shunt. After being put on antithrombotic therapy, she presented again at 13 gestational weeks with a new ischemic infarction in the vertebrobasilar territory. Her PFO was closed percutaneously under ultrasonic guidance but the right-to-left shunt persisted. After a normal delivery, she was found to have a large pulmonary AVM which was successfully resected without complication. Conclusions: This report describes the successful usage of intra-arterial tissue plasminogen activator for acute ischemic stroke during early pregnancy. In patients with presumed paradoxical embolism, careful attention should be paid to rule out a coexistence of PFO and pulmonary AVM. © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Confronting the urgent challenge of diabetes: An overview; The rising tide of diabetes has an unacceptable human and societal toll. Rates of all major forms of diabetes are increasing at enormous individual and societal cost: 8.3 percent of the US population is afflicted today, and financial costs reached $174 billion for 2007. A major cause of blindness, renal failure, amputation, and cardiovascular disease, diabetes also increases the risk of cancer and dementia and more than doubles individual health care costs. Control of glucose, blood pressure, and lipids improves outcomes. Yet diabetes management is nonetheless suboptimal, particularly in disproportionately affected poor and minority populations. Safer, less burdensome, and more personalized approaches to therapy are needed. People at high risk for type 2 diabetes must be identified if society is to realize the benefits of therapies proven to delay or prevent the disease. We have many of the tools we need to address this challenge, and we must apply them now. © 2012 Project HOPE-The People-to-People Health Foundation, Inc.
Global prevention and control of type 2 diabetes will require paradigm shifts in policies within and among countries; Continued increases in the prevalence of and disproportionate health spending associated with type 2 diabetes argue for policies focused on preventing that condition and treating it appropriately, even as we strive to improve coordination of care for coexisting chronic diseases. This article argues that four policy paradigm shifts will be necessary to achieve that specific emphasis on type 2 diabetes: conceptually integrating primary and secondary prevention along a clinical continuum; recognizing the central importance of early detection of prediabetes and undiagnosed diabetes in implementing cost-effective prevention and control; integrating community and clinical expertise, and resources, within organized and affordable service delivery systems; and sharing and adopting evidence-based policies at the global level. © 2012 Project HOPE-The People-to-People Health Foundation, Inc.
What's new in obstetric anesthesia: The 2011 Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture; The Gerard W. Ostheimer lecture is delivered at the Society for Obstetric Anesthesia and Perinatology Annual Meeting. The lecture provides a comprehensive review of the previous year's literature in obstetric anesthesia, obstetrics, perinatology, and health services research relevant for obstetric anesthesiologists. This article covers several of the major themes that emerged from the 2010 literature. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pheochromocytoma and pregnancy: A diffcult and dangerous ordeal; Pheochromocytoma during pregnancy is potentially disastrous to the mother and fetus. Its ambiguous presentation is often mistaken for pre-eclampsia, although it may imitate other problems during pregnancy. Early diagnosis and timely, appropriate management reduces possible maternal and fetal complications. We identifed a case of pheochromocytoma during pregnancy; the condition was initially diagnosed as pre-eclampsia complicated with gestational diabetes. Surgical intervention via left adrenalectomy was successfully performed in the second trimester. After surgery, all of the patient's medical problems nearly subsided and she did not require further treatment. However, her fetus displayed restricted intrauterine growth, and the patient eventually had premature delivery via a caesarean section. A multidisciplinary team to identify and treat pheochromocytoma is mandatory to ensure optimal conditions for tumour removal and to anticipate any possible catastrophic events. © Penerbit Universiti Sains Malaysia.
Associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with offspring obesity and cardiometabolic outcomes; OBJECTIVE - To assess associations of gestational diabetes, existing diabetes, and glycosuria with adiposity and cardiometabolic risk factors in offspring at adolescence. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Multivariable regression analyses were conducted in a prospective pregnancy cohort (n = 2,563-4,198 for different outcomes). Obstetric data were abstracted from clinical records. Offspring outcomes were assessed at mean age 15.5 years. Comparedwith those lost to follow-up, participants included in the analysis were of higher socioeconomic position. Outcomes included BMI, waist circumference, fat mass determined by dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry scan, systolic and diastolic blood pressure (sBP and dBP, respectively), fasting glucose, insulin, lipids, and C-reactive protein (CRP). RESULTS - Maternal existing diabetes, gestational diabetes, and glycosuria were associated with higher offspring BMI and fat mass (z scores); however, this effect was attenuated in the confounder-adjusted model, and the CIs included the null value. Existing diabetes and gestational diabeteswere associated with higher offspring fasting glucose levels (0.24mmol/L [95% CI 0.03-0.45] and 0.20 mmol/L [0.02-0.39], respectively). Glycosuria was associated with higher fasting insulin (adjusted ratio of geometric means 1.12 [1.01-1.25]), but there were no clear associations of existing or gestational diabetes with offspring fasting insulin. There was little evidence of an association of maternal diabetes or glycosuria with offspring dBP, sBP, lipids, or CRP. CONCLUSIONS - Maternal pregnancy glycosuria, gestational diabetes, and existing diabetes show some associations with higher offspring fasting glucose and insulin assessed in adolescence but are not clearly associated with a wider range of cardiometabolic risk factors. © 2012 by the American Diabetes Association.
Severe pulmonary hypertension with therapeutic L-lysine ibuprofen in 2 preterm neonates; Persistently patent ductus arteriosus (PDA), affecting approximately one-third of all very low birth weight infants, can lead to significant morbidity and mortality. Recently, ibuprofen has been recommended over indomethacin to close PDAs because of a reduction in risk of necrotizing enterocolitis. Pulmonary hypertension is a rare but potentially fatal complication of ibuprofen administration in preterm infants. We report 2 infants who developed this complication after receiving therapeutic L-lysine ibuprofen preparation for the PDA closure. The first infant, 1 of twins weighing 640 g, was born at 24 weeks' gestation. The second infant, born at 26 weeks' gestation, was small for gestational age, weighing 439 g. In both cases, ibuprofen was initiated after echocardiographic confirmation of a moderate-sized to large PDA and an otherwise normal intracardiac anatomy. Both infants had echocardiographic evidence of increased pulmonary vascular resistance but shunting across the PDA was left to right. The infants deteriorated within 48 to 72 hours, and repeat echocardiograms revealed evidence of severe pulmonary hypertension. Both infants died of refractory hypotension and hypoxemia. When considering the use of ibuprofen therapy for PDA closure, clinicians should keep in mind the potential serious complication of pulmonary hypertension, even if a shunt across the PDA is left to right. Copyright © 2012 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
The role of general physician in managing diabetes with self monitoring of blood glucose; There is an alarming rise in the prevalence of diabetes in India. The long term microvascular and macrovascular complications of diabetes, especially in a genetically susceptible population, can be devastating. There is strong evidence that better glycaemic control, especially early in the course of diabetes, can lead to significant reductions in both microvascular and macrovascular complications. There are various tools available to intensify glycaemic control in a safe manner. One such important tool is self monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) using a hand held glucose meter. Unfortunately, SMBG is underutilised in India due to various factors. The aim of this article is to increase the awareness of SMBG, so that general physicians can use this tool in a logical manner to improve glycaemic control and thereby reduce long term complications in patients with diabetes.
Does AKI truly lead to CKD?; Acute kidney injury (AKI) has been implicated as an independent risk factor for the development of CKD in recent observational studies. The presumption in the nephrology community is that this association represents a causal relationship. However, because of potential problems related to residual confounding (shared risk factors), ascertainment bias (sicker patients have more follow-up assessments), misclassification of exposure (problems with defining baseline kidney function and AKI representing a discrete event versus progression of renal disease), and misclassification of outcome (de novo CKD versus CKD progression), it is difficult to conclude with certainty that AKI is truly causal for CKD. In this review we highlight several of the Hill causality criteria to examine the existing evidence and point out the missing elements that preclude defining AKI as a cause of CKD in the general population.Only well-designed studies with rigorous assessment of kidney function in all participants (AKI and non-AKI) before and after the episode or hospitalization or randomized, controlled trials demonstrating that prevention or treatment of AKI reduces the incidence of subsequent CKD can clarify the causal nature of the AKI-CKD relationship. Copyright © 2012 by the American Society of Nephrology.
Cardiac myxoma presenting as dyspnea after cesarean delivery; Introduction. Dyspnea during pregnancy and in the immediate postpartum or postoperative period is a relatively common symptom that can be an early sign of a life threatening condition. The differential diagnosis is broad and can represent a wide variety of underlying etiologies. Cardiac tumors are one of the rarest causes of dyspnea in a reproductive age women during the postpartum period. Case Presentation. 42-years old G7P1051 presented with acute dyspnea postoperatively after an elected uncomplicated repeat cesarean section and tubal ligation. The patient was diagnosed with a large left atrial cardiac myxoma and required urgent cardiothoracic surgery. Conclusion. The following case illustrates how a standard response to a common postpartum symptom, dyspnea, can divert and distract from less common exam findings. A careful, stepwise evaluation of symptoms and related findings will usually determine the underlying cause so that appropriate and timely treatment can be initiated. Copyright © 2012 Allison Wyman et al.
Diabetes mellitus Type 2 - The new face of an old lady; Already 600 years before Christ, type 2 diabetes was known as a disease of elevated blood sugar levels associated with obesity. Since then, it appears, our understanding of the disease has not changed much, aside from the replacement of tasting the patients' urine [1] by the measurement of plasma glucose and glycated haemoglobin levels (HbA1c) [2] for its diagnosis and the discovery of some new drugs. Already, in those old days a physician from India named Sushrut described diabetes mellitus as a disease characterised by the passage of large amounts of urine and its "honey-like" taste and, noteworthy, as a disease that is mainly associated with obesity and a sedentary lifestyle, recommending physical activity as the primary treatment option [3]. Although these milestone observations remain valid, major progress in the underlying pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes has been achieved showing a new face of this old disease and opening doors for novel treatment options. This review will highlight recent pathophysiological aspects of type 2 diabetes, actual diagnostic and treatment guidelines and discuss some possible upcoming new therapeutic strategies.
Safety of lamivudine treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy; AIM: To evaluate the safety of lamivudine (LAM) treatment for chronic hepatitis B in early pregnancy. METHODS: A total of 92 pregnant women who received LAM treatment either before pregnancy or in early pregnancy were enrolled in this study. All of the pregnant women volunteered to take lamivudine during pregnancy and were not co-infected with hepatitis C virus, human immunodeficiency virus, cytomegalovirus, or other viruses. All infants received passiveactive immunoprophylaxis with 200 IU hepatitis B immunoglobulin and three doses of 10 μg hepatitis B vaccines (0-1-6 mo) according to the guidelines for the prevention and treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Adverse events were observed throughout the entire pregnancy and perinatal period, and the effectiveness of lamivudine treatment for blocking mother-to-infant transmission of hepatitis B virus (HBV) was evaluated. All adverse events in mothers and infants during pregnancy and the perinatal period and the HBV motherto- infant transmission blocking rate were compared with the literature. RESULTS: Among the 92 pregnant women, spontaneous abortions occurred in 11 cases, while 3 mothers had a second pregnancy after the initial abortion; 72 mothers delivered 73 live infants, of whom 68 infants were followed up for no less than 6 mo, and 12 mothers were still pregnant. During pregnancy, the main maternal adverse events were vaginitis (12/72, 16.7%), spontaneous abortion (11/95, 11.6%), and gestational diabetes (6/72, 8.3%); only one case had 1-2 degree elevation of the creatine kinase level (195 U/L). During the perinatal period, the main maternal adverse events were premature rupture of the membranes (8/72, 11.1%), preterm delivery (5/72, 6.9%), and meconium staining of the amniotic fluid (4/72, 5.6%). In addition, 2 infants were found to have congenital abnormalities; 1 had a scalp hemangioma that did not change in size until 7 mo, and the other had early cerebral palsy, but with rehabilitation training, the infant's motor functions became totally normal at 2 years of age. The incidence of adverse events among the mothers or abnormalities in the infants was not higher than that of normal mothers or HBV-infected mothers who did not receive lamivudine treatment. In only 2 cases, mother-to-infant transmission blocking failed; the blocking rate was 97.1% (66/68), which was higher than has been previously reported. CONCLUSION: Lamivudine treatment is safe for chronic HBV-infected pregnant mothers and their fetuses with a gestational age of less than 12 wk or throughout the entire pregnancy. © 2012 Baishideng. All rights reserved.
Diabetic mother - is it importnat in fetal morbidity; We present the case of an infant from a diabetic mother who manifested postnatal respiratory and heart deseases that determined important difficulties for diagnosis and treatment.
Non-stress test diagnostic values for predicting fetal outcomes in high risk pregnancies; Introduction: Regarding the importance of having healthy child, there are several tests for fetal status assessment. Non stress testing is the most widely used primary testing method for assessment of fetal well-being in many researches but the predictability of the test is variable in different studies. Present study was designed to determine diagnostic values of the non-stress test for predicting fetal outcomes in high risk pregnancies 37-41 weeks. Methods: This study was performed retrospectively and reviewed two hundred and fifty high-risk cases include (pregnancy- induced hypertension, diabetes mellitus, oligohydramnios, premature rupture of membranes, decreased fetal movement, intrauterine growth restriction) in Dezyani hospital that performed non-stress testing before delivery and after reanalysis of test. We followed this parameters: decrease fetal heart rate during delivery, one and five minute apgar scores, need to resuscitation, NICU admission, meconium passage and fetal death. With respect of reactive and non-reactive response divided into two groups and based on occurrence of fetal complications after delivery compared between them. In this way sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, Yuden index and accuracy of the test were estimated. Results: We found that sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, negative predictive value, Yuden index and accuracy of the non-stress test for predicting fetal outcomes in high-risk cases were 43.2%, 74.7%, 48.1%, 71%, 17.9% and 63.6%. The frequency of low apgar, need to resuscitation and NICU admission were more common in the group of pregnancies with a non reactive NST than in the group with reactive NST. The difference was statistically significant (p<0.05). Conclusion: Reactive non-stress test is a good predictor of the healthy fetus, but non-reactive non-stress test is not valid.
Peripartum hysterectomy in the United States: Nationwide 14 year experience; The objective of the study was to examine the trends in the rate of peripartum hysterectomy and the contribution of changes in maternal characteristics to these trends. This was a cross-sectional study of peripartum hysterectomy identified from hospitalizations for delivery recorded in the 1994-2007 Nationwide Inpatient Sample. The overall rate of peripartum hysterectomy increased by 15% during the study period. The rate of hysterectomy for abnormal placentation increased by 1.2-fold; adjustment for previous cesarean delivery explained nearly all of this increase. The rate of hysterectomy for uterine atony following repeat cesarean delivery increased nearly 4-fold, following primary cesarean delivery approximately 2.5-fold, and following vaginal delivery about 1.5-fold. This fast growing trend in peripartum hysterectomy secondary to uterine atony was also largely explained by increasing rates of primary and repeat cesareans. Rates of peripartum hysterectomy increased substantially in the United States from 1994 to 2007; much of this increase was due to rising rates of cesarean delivery.
Sex hormone-binding globulin and type 2 diabetes mellitus; Sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) has emerged as one of the multiple genetic and environmental factors that potentially contribute to the pathophysiology of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). In addition to epidemiologic studies demonstrating a consistent relationship between decreased levels of serum SHBG and incident T2DM, recent genetic studies also reveal that transmission of specific polymorphisms in the SHBG gene influence the risk of T2DM. At the molecular level, the multiple interactions between SHBG and its receptors in various target tissues suggest physiologic roles for SHBG that are more complex than the simple transport of sex hormones in serum. Taken together, these data provide support for an expanded role of SHBG in the pathophysiology of insulin resistance and T2DM. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
The association between in utero hyperinsulinemia and adolescent arterial stiffness; Aim: To determine the relationship between in utero hyperinsulinemia and children's arterial stiffness at adolescence. Methods: Indices of arterial stiffness were measured using the SphygmoCor apparatus in 129 adolescents (42 offsprings of mother with gestational diabetes and 87 offsprings of mother with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy) at 15 years of age. Results: Adolescent of mothers with gestational diabetes had similar central aortic blood pressure, augmentation pressure (AP), augmentation index (AI), and carotid-femoral pulse wave velocity (PWV) as that of controls. However, both umbilical cord C-peptide and insulin levels correlated positively AI (R= 0.28 and 0.24; p= 0.011 and 0.035, respectively), and umbilical insulin level correlated positively with AP (R= 0.25; p= 0.025). The correlations were significant between umbilical cord C-peptide and AP (R= 0.24; p= 0.035) and AI (R= 0.29; p= 0.011) after adjustment for subjects' age, sex, body weight and height. Adolescents who had umbilical cord C-peptide levels at highest quartile (n= 25), based on the reference ranges of the original cohort, had a significant greater PWV (5.26 ± 0.12. m/s vs 4.98 ± 0.12. m/s; p= 0.0049) than those with C-peptide levels at the lower 3 quartiles (n= 57) after adjustment for age, sex, body weight and height. Conclusions: In utero hyperinsulinemia appears to increase the offspring's arterial stiffness at early adolescence. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Anesthetic management of vaginal delivery in a parturient with hemochromatosis induced end-organ failure; The vast majority of females affected by hemochromatosis are asymptomatic during childbearing years. We were able to provide effective obstetric anesthesia care to a 35-year-old woman with severe hemochromatosis. She had systolic heart failure with a left ventricular ejection fraction of 15%, severe pulmonary hypertension, mitral insufficiency, a history of ventricular tachycardia, cirrhosis, obstructive sleep apnea, gestational diabetes, and severe scoliosis. A multidisciplinary approach was used to stabilize her heart failure and prepare her for childbirth. An arterial line and epidural analgesic were placed before induction of labor. Vaginal delivery was accomplished with passive decent of the fetus and forceps assistance. We discuss hemochromatosis and its implications for the parturient. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy implications for systemic lupus erythematosus and the antiphospholipid syndrome; Multidisciplinary approach and patient counselling have been the key points in the improvement of the management of pregnancy in women with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and antiphospholipid syndrome (APS). Most of these women can have successful pregnancy when thoroughly informed and instructed on several different issues. Disease activity should be in stable remission prior to pregnancy in order to reduce the chance for flare during pregnancy. To this purpose, medications must be modulated: " safe" drugs should be continued throughout pregnancy, embryotoxic/foetotoxic drugs should be withdrawn timely, and beneficial drugs such as low dose aspirin and heparin should be added for prophylaxis of maternal and foetal outcome, especially in the presence of antiphospholipid antibodies. The safety profile of anti-rheumatic drugs during pregnancy and breastfeeding should be kept constantly updated, as new data from inadvertent exposure accumulates and new drugs (especially biological agents) are available. Patients may carry autoantibodies that can negatively affect the baby, being neonatal lupus the prototypical case of passively acquired autoimmunity. Research has been greatly active in this field and more information on risk stratification and management are now available for counselling. The effect of both autoantibodies and drug exposure has been evaluated in the offspring: some concerns about learning disabilities have been raised, but these are treatable conditions that are likely to be overcome.To counsel a woman with SLE/APS during childbearing age means also to deal with contraception. Despite the " preferred choice" - combined oral contraceptive - may not be suitable for most of the patients, other options are available and should be offered and discussed with the patient. Fertility is not generally affected in SLE/APS patients, but those cases who require assisted reproduction techniques should be carefully evaluated and managed. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: Double click and right check. What do patients learn from the Internet about PCOS?; Objective: To identify the websites most visited by patients regarding polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), and to evaluate the quality of information provided by these websites. Study design: We sought data regarding the popularity of sites providing information about PCOS regardless of the way the visitors reached the site. We then scrutinized the top sites for predefined quality check points to evaluate the quality of information provided, including Health on Net Foundation (HON) accreditation. Finally, we searched for the expansion of these sites in social networks (Facebook and Twitter). Results: Of the top 15 sites, 8 were HONcode certified. The mean performance of content presence for all sites was 7.33 (min = 4, max = 10, SD = 1.633). There was a moderate correlation of higher performance score with HON accreditation (R: 0.535, p < 0.05). Several sites have expanded in social media. None of the high-score sites has a page dedicated to PCOS. Conclusions: There exists a lack of HON accreditation in many sites and a wide variability in the quality of the information provided. In some cases, key elements of content, necessary for complete appreciation of PCOS, are missing. Official and high authority healthcare organisms should introduce themselves in the social media world. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Influence of mineral and vitamin supplements on pregnancy outcome; The literature was searched for publications on minerals and vitamins during pregnancy and the possible influence of supplements on pregnancy outcome. Maternal iron (Fe) deficiency has a direct impact on neonatal Fe stores and birth weight, and may cause cognitive and behavioural problems in childhood. Fe supplementation is recommended to low-income pregnant women, to pregnant women in developing countries, and in documented deficiency, but overtreatment should be avoided. Calcium (Ca) deficiency is associated with pre-eclampsia and intra-uterine growth restriction. Supplementation may reduce both the risk of low birth weight and the severity of pre-eclampsia. Gestational magnesium (Mg) deficiency may cause hematological and teratogenic damage. A Cochrane review showed a significant low birth weight risk reduction in Mg supplemented individuals. Intake of cereal-based diets rich in phytate, high intakes of supplemental Fe, or any gastrointestinal disease, may interfere with zinc (Zn) absorption. Zn deficiency in pregnant animals may limit fetal growth. Supplemental Zn may be prudent for women with poor gastrointestinal function, and in Zn deficient women, increasing birth weight and head circumference, but no evidence was found for beneficial effects of general Zn supplementation during pregnancy. Selenium (Se) is an antioxidant supporting humoral and cell-mediated immunity. Low Se status is associated with recurrent abortion, pre-eclampsia and IUGR, and although beneficial effects are suggested there is no evidence-based recommendation for supplementation. An average of 20-30% of pregnant women suffer from any vitamin deficiency, and without prophylaxis, about 75% of these would show a deficit of at least one vitamin. Vitamin B6 deficiency is associated with pre-eclampsia, gestational carbohydrate intolerance, hyperemesis gravidarum, and neurologic disease of infants. About 25% of pregnant women in India are folate deficient. Folate deficiency may lead to congenital malformations (neural tube damage, orofacial clefts, cardiac anomalies), anaemia and spontaneous abortions, and pre-eclampsia, IUGR and abruption placentae. Pregestational supplementation of folate prevents neural tube defects. A daily supplemental dose of 400 μg/day of folate is recommended when planning pregnancy. In developing countries diets are generally low in animal products and consequently in vitamin B12 content. An insufficient supply may cause reduced fetal growth. In vegetarian women, supplementation of vitamin B12 may be needed. Vitamin A deficiency is prevalent in the developing world, impairing Fe status and resistance to infections. The recommended upper limit for retinol supplements is 3000 IU/day. Vitamin A supplementation enhances birth weight and growth in infants born to HIV-infected women. Overdosing should be avoided. Low concentrations of vitamin C seem to increase the development of pre-eclampsia, and supplementation may be beneficial. Supplementation with vitamin D in the third trimester in vitamin D deficient women seems to be beneficial. The use of vitamins E, although generally considered "healthy", may be harmful to the pregnancy outcome by disrupting a physiologic oxidative gestational state and is consequently not recommended to prevent pre-eclampsia. Further studies on specific substances are needed as the basis for stratified, placebo-controlled analyses. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Guidelines and interventions for obesity during pregnancy; Background: Obesity is a growing worldwide epidemic among women of reproductive age, including pregnant women. The increased prevalence of obesity has been accompanied by an increase in gestational weight gain. Maternal obesity has deleterious consequences for both mother and child. Objective: To review the recent guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence and the Institute of Medicine regarding gestational weight gain and interventions to treat obesity during pregnancy. Methods: Guidelines on gestational weight gain from these organizations, as well as reports of gestational weight gain in the published literature, are summarized. Results: Many normal and overweight parturients exceed the recommendations in the guidelines, which may contribute to postpartum obesity. Conclusion: Lifestyle changes, including dieting and increased activity, may help to limit excessive gestational weight gain but the optimal strategy remains unclear. © 2012 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Right ventricular myocardial performance index determined by tissue Doppler is superior to pulse wave measurements in human fetal hearts; OBJECTIVE: The right ventricle (RV) myocardial perfomance index (MPI), typically derived from measurements of time intervals on inflow and outflow pulse wave (PW) Doppler tracings, has been used as a noninvasive measure of cardiac function in various fetal conditions including hydrops, twin-twin transfusion and pregestational diabetes. We measured fetal RV MPI using both PW and tissue Doppler (TDI) methods. Our aim was to compare the reproducibility, agreement and sensitivity of these two methods to determine which was superior for distinguishing normal fetuses from those with mild cardiac function abnormality. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cross sectional study reviewing echocardiograms obtained during mid-gestation (17-23 wks) for maternal diabetes (affected group) or family history of heart disease (normal controls), all with structurally normal hearts. RV MPI was calculated from TDI andPWtracings. Inter-/intraobserver variability and agreement between two methods of determining MPI were evaluated using Bland-Altman. Students t-test was used for two-way comparison of differences between groups. RESULTS: In normal fetuses, RV MPI derived by TDI and PW are equivalent (TDI 0.51+/-0.10 vsPW0.50+/-0.12, p=0.69) and in agreement by Bland-Altman. However in a diseased state (fetuses of diabetics), the two methods do not produce equivalent RV MPI within the same patient (TDI 0.56 +/- 0.10 vs PW 0.51 +/- 0.12; p<0.001). Interobserver variability was similar for both methods. Intraobserver bias and SD were lower for TDI (0.03 +/- 0.07) vs PW (0.05+/-0.10) indicating TDI method has less variability and better precision with smaller SD in both diseased and normal fetuses. CONCLUSION: Fetal RV MPI determined by TDI was more sensitive and able to demonstrate a small difference in cardiac function between normal and fetuses of diabetics; the PW method was unable to detect this small difference. Thus, RV TDI MPI is more sensitive, and may be a useful parameter for detection of early functional changes in at-risk and diseased fetuses.
Perinatal outcomes associated with obstructive sleep apnea in pregnancy: A prospective study; OBJECTIVE: To prospectively investigate the correlations between untreated obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), maternal, and neonatal morbidity in a cohort of obese pregnant women. STUDY DESIGN: Participants were enrolled in a prospective observational study designed to identify risk factors and outcomes of OSA among obese (BMI ≥30 kg/m2) pregnant women. Subjects underwent an overnight sleep study using a portable home monitor (ARES Unicoder; Carlsbad, CA) that recorded nasal pressure, oxygen saturation, snoring, and head movements. All studies were manually scored by a central masked Sleep Reading Center using American Academy of Sleep Medicine diagnostic criteria. An apnea hypopnea index (AHI)≥5 was considered to be diagnostic of OSA, [Mild (AHI: 5-15), Moderate (AHI: 15-30) and Severe (AHI:>30]. Perinatal outcomes were compared between women with and without OSA (p5 days, and readmission. Evaluated neonatal outcomes were: NICU admission, RDS, transient tachypnea (TTN), sepsis, and death. RESULTS: Among 170 evaluated obese women, the prevalence of OSA was 12.4% (12 mild, 7 moderate, 2 severe). Women with OSA had a mean AHI of 20+/-6 events per hour of sleep and spent 6.5+/-2.5% of the night with an SpO2 <90%. Compared with controls, the OSA group had higher BMIs (49+/-11 vs. 39+/-6 k/m2, p<0.001) but similar rates of chronic hypertension (58 vs. 33%, p=0.07) and pregestational diabetes (15 vs. 20%, p=0.76). Severe maternal complications included: Maternal death (N=1, amniotic fluid embolus, control group) and cardiac arrest (N=1, intraoperative at cesarean delivery,OSAgroup). One previable birth and 2 stillbirths occurred in the control group. Among livebirths, OSA was associated with more frequent PET, NICU admission and TTN. (Table). After controlling for BMI, OSA was not associated with PET [OR .4(.11-1.4, p=0.15). After controlling for diabetes, gestational age and cesarean, neonates of women with OSA were more likely to have TTN (OR 4.7 (1.1-19.1, p=0.02) CONCLUSION: Untreated OSA among obese women in pregnancy is associated with more frequent neonatal respiratory complications (Table Presented).
Exposure to the diabetic intrauterine environment is associated with ventricular hypertrophy in early and late infancy; BACKGROUND: Intrauterine exposure to a diabetic pregnancy is associated with fetal myocardial hypertrophy and altered diastolic function even from the late first trimester. The natural history of ventricular size and function in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) beyond the neonatal period is poorly understood. Persistence of myocardial structural and functional abnormalities, however, could contribute to long-term cardiovascular disease. This pilot study examines differences in ventricular size and function in IDM compared to healthy infants beyond the neonatal period. METHODS: IDM were prospectively enrolled through maternal recruitment in pregnancy with echocardiograms performed longitudinally, in early (<3 months, n=23) and late infancy (8 to 12 months, n=10). Findings were compared to prospectively recruited infants of non-diabetic mothers (early, n=29, and late, n=14). Echocardiography with m mode, Doppler interrogation of ventricular inflows and annular tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) was performed to assess ventricular size and function. Myocardial deformation was assessed using velocity vector imaging for strain and strain rate. Wall thickness was converted to z scores based on body surface area (BSA) for IDM and control infants using normative data from more than 100 healthy infants. RESULTS: In early infancy IDM had increased intra-ventricular septum thickness (IVS) (P<0.01) and left ventricular posterior wall thickness (LVPW) (P<0.05) at end-diastole. At late infancy, IDM LVPW remained increased (P<0.01), whilst IVS was not significantly different to late controls. Longitudinal comparison of IDM demonstrated a non-significant trend to decrease in both IVS and LVPW z scores from early to late infancy. Maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1C) levels in the IDM group were mildly elevated (mean 6.6% ± 0.7) but did not correlate to ventricular wall thickness. LV and left atrial chamber size were no different. There was no difference in systolic function parameters (fractional shortening, TDI S'), diastolic function parameters (mitral inflow Doppler E and A waves, E/A ratio, TDI velocities or E/E'), myocardial performance index or myocardial deformation parameters (circumferential and longitudinal strain and strain rate). CONCLUSION: LV hypertrophy seen in early infancy in IDM does not fully resolve by late infancy, affecting the LVPW more than the IVS. The hypertrophy does not appear to significantly alter myocardial systolic and diastolic function. Longitudinal evaluation is important to determine the natural progression of the hypertrophy beyond infancy and its influence on longer term cardiovascular health.
Generalized reproductive assistance and vascular illness downstream (GRAVID) study; BACKGROUND: Fertility medications are used for one percent of births yet may also lead to endothelial injury with long-term adverse consequence for the mother. We tested whether fertility therapy might contribute to subsequent cardiovascular disease. METHODS: We performed a population-based cohort analysis of women giving birth in Ontario between July 1, 1993 and March 31, 2010, distinguishing those who did and did not receive fertility therapy in the two years prior to delivery. The primary outcome was a composite cardiovascular end-point of death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, stroke or transient ischemic attack, thromboembolic or heart failure events. RESULTS: Among 1,186,753 women who delivered during the study period, 6,979 gave birth following fertility therapy. After 9.7 years of median follow-up, women who delivered following fertility therapy had fewer primary events than controls (103 vs. 117 events per 100,000 person-years, adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 0.52, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.38-0.70, p<0.0001). Women who received fertility therapy also had lower risk-adjusted all-cause mortality (HR 0.48, 95% CI 0.30-0.76, p = 0.002) and thromboembolic events (HR 0.43, 95% CI 0.20-0.90, p=0.03). There was no significant difference in cardiovascular risk in those who developed multiple pregnancy, gestational diabetes, or gestational hypertension (p-interaction >0.2 for all). The use of fertility therapy was also associated with a lower risk of subsequent traumatic accidents, depression, alcoholism, self-harm, and sexually transmitted infections (p<0.001 for each). CONCLUSION: Women after successful fertility therapy may be at decreased risk for mortality and cardiovascular events later in life, perhaps because of associated healthier long-term behavior.
Relationship between physical activity practice following delivery and the metabolic profile of women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; BACKGROUND: A prior pregnancy with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with adverse metabolic outcomes including an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Physical activity practice has been associated with an improved inflammatory profile and a lower cardiovascular risk. Our objective was to examine the association between physical activity practice following delivery and the metabolic risk profile of women with prior GDM. METHODS: The analysis included 96 women who had GDM between 2003 and 2010. Physical activity practice was measured with Actigraph accelerometers worn for a minimum of 5 days and time spent weekly in moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA) was derived. Weight and height were measured and body mass index (BMI) was calculated. CRP, IL-6, TNF-a, leptin and resistin were measured in fasting plasma by the xMAP® technology using the Bio-Plex 200 system. Total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL-cholesterol and HDL-choles-terol were also measured. RESULTS: Women were 36.3 ±4.9 years old with a mean BMI of 27.2 ±6.4 kg/m and testing occurred 4.0± 1.9 years follow-ing delivery. 57.3% of women were overweight or obese (BMI-25 kg/m ) and only 33.3% of women accumulated at least 150 minutes of MVPA per week. No association was observed between MVPA practice and any of the metabolic measurements in the whole group of women. MVPA did not differ in groups stratified by BMI < or > 25 kg/m . In normal weight women, MVPA was negatively correlated with CRP (r=-0.56; p=0.002), leptin (r=-0.44; p=0.004), resistin (r=-0.31; p = 0.05) and triglycerides (r=-0.52; p = 0.001). These associations remained significant after adjustment for age and BMI. No association was seen with plasma IL-6, TNF-a and total-, LDL-or HDL-cholesterol concentrations. In overweight or obese women, no association was observed between MVPA and the metabolic measurements examined. CONCLUSION: These analyses suggest that, in the years following delivery, a greater MVPA practice measured by accelerometers is associated with a lower metabolic risk in normal weight women with prior GDM. This association was not observed in overweight or obese women, suggesting a greater impact of other obesity related factors on the metabolic measurements examined.
Pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (Pre-GDM); Despite progress in diabetes care and treatment, pregnancies in women with either type 1 or, type 2 DM are still associated with poorer outcomes with respect to healthy non diabetic women. Pregestational DM complicates 0.2 - 0.6% of pregnancies, 35% had type1 and 66% had type 2 DM. In contrast to GDM, pre GDM is more serious because the potential effects of uncontrolled glycemic levels begins at fertilization and implantation, continue throughout pregnancy and remain as a postpartum threat during breast feeding. To prevent excess complications in mother and fetus, diabetic care and education must begin before conception. This is best accomplished by a multidisciplinary team that includes a diabetologist (internist), an obstetrician familiar with management of high risk pregnancy, diabetes educators including: Nurse, dietitian and social worker and other specialists as deemed necessary. Pregnant women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes should talk with a diabetes nutritionist, to determine their goals for daily calories, carbohydrates, nutritional balance in foods, and timing of eating throughout the day. The goals of preconception care are: involve and empower the patient in the management of her diabetes, achieve the lowest HbA1C test without excessive hypoglycemia, assure effective contraception until stable and acceptable glycemia is achieved and identify, evaluate and treat long-term diabetes complications such as retinopathy, nephropathy, neuropathy, hypertension and coronary disease.
The role of lifestyle modification in management of overweight infertile women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background: Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a complex, heterogeneous disorder of uncertain etiology, with a prevalence of up to 10% and frequently associated with obesity, with at least 50% of women with polycystic ovary syndrome demonstrating overweight or obesity defined by body mass index >25 or >30 kg/m2. The syndrome is associated with numerous morbidities, including infertility, obstetrical complications; type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and mood and eating disorders. Material and Methods: Obesity, central obesity and insulin resistance are strongly implicated in its etiology and improving these factors should be a central treatment focus. However, extreme non-surgical efforts and short-term dietary improves both metabolic and endocrine complications of PCOS as well as clinical markers such as ovulation but are associated with high rate of weight regain Results: Recent studies indicated that lifestyle modification through individualized treatment on diet, exercise, and modifying additional lifestyle factors such as psychosocial stressors and drug addictions for 24 weeks, and monthly individual or group sessions to follow up and reinforce the changes, improves psychological selfesteem, anxiety, mean depression and general health questionnaire scores and reproductive outcomes in overweight infertile women with PCOS. In a recent clinical trial lifestyle modification significantly reduced total androgen, lipid profile and waist circumference and had better pregnancy rate in comparison with clomiphene citrate and metformin treatment in overweight infertile women with PCOS Conclusion: Lifestyle modification programs with an emphasis on behavioral management and dietary and exercise interventions without rapid weight loss leads to a reduction of central fat and improved insulin sensitivity, which restores ovulation in overweight infertile women with PCOS; however, the literature on assessment of effectiveness of lifestyle modification on improving pregnancy rate and reducing miscarriage rates, gestational diabetes has been sparse and structured recommendation for enforcing components of lifestyle modification programs should be assessed in our population.
Birth characteristics and subsequent risks of maternal cardiovascular disease: Effects of gestational age and fetal growth; BACKGROUND-: Prior studies showing an inverse relationship between low birth weight in offspring and maternal risks of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are limited by lack of information on gestational age and/or insufficient adjustment for confounders. METHODS AND RESULTS-: In a nationwide Swedish study, we included information on 923 686 women and their first singleton births between 1983 and 2005. Cox proportional hazards models were used to study associations between gestational length, fetal growth, and maternal incident hospitalization or death from CVD (coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular events, and heart failure). Multivariable adjusted models accounted for birth year, income, education, country of birth, smoking, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and preeclampsia. The risk of maternal CVD increased with decreasing gestational age whereas the risk increase related to fetal growth appeared to be restricted to very small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants. Compared with mothers of non-SGA infants born at term, the hazard ratio of CVD ranged from 1.39 (95% confidence interval 1.22-1.58) to 2.57 (95% confidence interval 1.97-3.34) among mothers to moderately and very preterm infants, respectively. There was a significant interaction between preterm birth and fetal growth with respect to mothers' risk of CVD (P<0.001). Among mothers to very SGA infants, the hazard ratio of CVD ranged from 1.38 (95% confidence interval 1.15-1.65) to 3.40 (95% confidence interval 2.26-5.11) in mothers to term and very preterm infants, respectively. CONCLUSIONS-: Delivery of a preterm or SGA infant is associated with later life maternal hospitalization or death from CVD even after accounting for socioeconomic factors, smoking, and pregnancy-related complications. © 2011 American Heart Association, Inc.
Medicinal mushrooms for glycemic control in diabetes mellitus: History, current status, future perspectives, and unsolved problems (review); Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a chronic metabolic disease characterized by hyperglycemia with defects in insulin secretion and/or insulin resistance. Despite great efforts that have been made in the understanding and management of diabetes, its prevalence continues to grow. Recent discoveries have opened up an exciting opportunity for developing new types of therapeutics from medicinal mushrooms to control DM and its complications. To date, more and more active components including polysaccharides and their protein complexes, dietary fibers, and other compounds extracted from fruiting bodies, cultured mycelium, or cultured broth of medicinal mushrooms have been reported as to having anti-hyperglycemic activity. These compounds exhibit their antidiabetic activity via different mechanisms. This article presents an overview of the multiple aspects of diabetes mellitus and the efficacy and mechanism of medicinal mushrooms for glucose control in diabetes, including the inhibition of glucose absorption, protection of beta-cell damage, increase of insulin release, enhancement of antioxidant defense, attenuation of inflammation, modulation of carbohydrate metabolism pathway, and regulation of insulin-dependent and insulin-independent signaling pathways. However, there is insufficient evidence to draw definitive conclusions about the efficacy of individual medicinal mushrooms for diabetes. In addition, the wide variability, the lack of standards for production, and the lack of testing protocols to assess product quality are still problems in producing medicinal mushroom products. Moreover, well-designed randomized controlled trials with long-term consumption are needed to guarantee the bioactivity and safety of medicinal mushroom products for diabetic patients. © 2011 Begell House, Inc.
Triglyceride metabolism in pregnancy; During pregnancy, complex changes occur in lipid pro?les. From the 12th week of gestation, phospholipids, cholesterol (total, LDL, HDL), and triglycerides (TG) increase in response to estrogen stimulation and insulin resistance. Transition to a catabolic state favorsmaternal tissue lipid use as energy sources, thus sparing glucose and amino acids for the fetus. In addition,maternal lipids, that is, cholesterol, are available for fetal use in building cellmembranes and as precursor of bile acids and steroid hormones. It is also required for cell proliferation and development of the growing body.Free-fatty acids (FFA), oxidized in thematernal liver as ketone-bodies, represent an alternative fuel for the fetus. Maternal hypertriglyceridemia (vs. other lipids) has many positive effects such as contributing to fetal growth and development and serving as an energy depot for maternal dietary fatty acids. However, increased TG during pregnancy appears to increase risk of preeclampsia and preterm birth. Some have suggested thatmaternal hypertriglyceridemia has a role in increasing cardiovascular risk later in life. This chapter reviews lipid metabolism during pregnancy to elucidate its effect on fetal growth and its potential role in pregnancy-associated complications and future cardiovascular risk. Copyright 2011, Elsevier Inc.
Current perspectives of insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome; Aims To review the relationship between insulin resistance and polycystic ovary syndrome. Methods A literature review. Results Insulin resistance likely plays a central pathogenic role in polycystic ovary syndrome and may explain the pleiotropic presentation and involvement of multiple organ systems. Insulin resistance in the skeletal muscle of women with polycystic ovary syndrome involves both intrinsic and acquired defects in insulin signalling. The cellular insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome has been further shown to involve a novel post-binding defect in insulin signal transduction. Treatment of insulin resistance through lifestyle therapy or with a diabetes drug has become mainstream therapy in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. However, effects with current pharmacologic treatment with metformin tend to be modest, with limited benefit as an agent to treat infertility. Insulin resistance contributes to increased risk for pregnancy complications, diabetes and cardiovascular disease risk profile in polycystic ovary syndrome, which is further exacerbated by obesity. While numerous studies demonstrate increased prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome, there are limited data showing that women with polycystic ovary syndrome are at increased risk for cardiovascular disease events. Conclusions Insulin resistance is linked to polycystic ovary syndrome. Further study of lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions that reduce insulin resistance, such as metformin, are needed to demonstrate that they are effective in reducing the risk of diabetes, endometrial abnormalities and cardiovascular disease events in women with polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2011 The Authors. Diabetic Medicine © 2011 Diabetes UK.
Exercise, sports participation, and musculoskeletal disorders of pregnancy and postpartum; The benefits of rigorous physical activity have long been proclaimed by the medical community. However, consensus regarding exercise duration and intensity in pregnancy has been more difficult to achieve. Conservative exercise guidelines for pregnant women were issued broadly in the 1980s due to limited evidence regarding safety. More recent evidence has failed to demonstrate ill effects of physical activity during pregnancy, as any effects on the mother and the fetus have thus far shown to be positive. The physical discomfort experienced by virtually all women during pregnancy, nearly 25% of whom experience at least temporarily disabling symptoms, is often a barrier to participation in an exercise program. An approach to developing an exercise program during pregnancy will be discussed in this article, as well as the potential benefits of such a program for the maternalfetal unit, and common pregnancy-related musculoskeletal conditions, including a discussion of the anatomy, physiology, diagnosis, and treatment of such disorders. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York.
Developmental origins of noncommunicable disease: Population and public health implications; Noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic lung disease, allergy, some forms of cancer, cognitive decline, osteoporosis, sarcopenia, and affective disorders, are the world's biggest killers. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socioeconomic improvement after reductions in infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a global increase of 17% in NCDs over the next decade. NCDs are preventable, but new initiatives are needed to institute such prevention, especially in early life. In this article, we emphasize that all children are affected by their early developmental conditions, not just children exposed to a very deficient environment, and that this has long-term consequences for their predisposition to NCDs. We highlight the biomedical implications of this developmental origins of health and disease (DOHaD) concept of NCDs and discuss the implications for health policy. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition.
Managing special populations among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Glycemic goals and the therapies used to achieve them must be individualized for each patient based on several factors, one of the more important being coexisting conditions such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. The potential to lower hemoglobin A1c and the possible long-term benefits of diabetes treatments must be balanced with safety issues, adverse effects, tolerability, ease of use, long-term adherence, and expense. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the American Diabetes Association have addressed these concerns by developing treatment guidelines to maximize efficacy and safety in the majority of patients with type 2 diabetes. Other organizations, including the American Medical Directors Association and the American Geriatric Society, have also published guidelines for diabetes management for patients in long-term care facilities. This review discusses the safety profiles of antidiabetic drugs, and the special treatment needs with respect to these drugs for patients with diabetes and comorbidities such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease.
Intrapartum considerations in prenatal care; The epidemic of obesity continues to grow undaunted, promising to affect the lives of more women of childbearing age. The challenges facing those charged with obstetrical care of the obese may require variation in care from forethought and planning, to consultation or referral for care at specialized centers. The routine management of late pregnancy must take into account the increase in risk for late fetal loss, failed induction and trial of labor after cesarean delivery, and postcesarean complications, such as wound-related morbidity and venous thromboembolism. Awareness of prolonged labor curves and the risk of shoulder dystocia must also be part of the management of labor. The data regarding many interventions attempted on behalf of these at risk gravidas are rudimentary but may allow for modifications in care that will positively impact outcomes for mother and child. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Cardiac function in 7-8-year-old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes; Offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers (ODMs) are at risk of short-term and long-term complications, such as neonatal macrosomia (birth weight 90th percentile), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, and cardiovascular morbidity in later life. However, no studies have been performed regarding cardiac outcome. In this study, we investigated cardiac dimensions and function in 30 ODMs at 7-8 years of age in relation to neonatal macrosomia and maternal glycemic control during pregnancy and compared these with those in a control group of 30 children of nondiabetic women. We found that cardiac dimensions and systolic and diastolic function parameters in ODMs were comparable with those in controls. Neonatal macrosomia and poorer maternal glycemic control during pregnancy were not related to worse cardiac outcome in ODM. We conclude that cardiac function at 7-8 years of age in offspring of women with type 1 diabetes is reassuring and comparable with that in controls. Copyright © 2011 Maarten Rijpert et al.
Intergenerational cycle of obesity and diabetes: How can we reduce the burdens of these conditions on the health of future generations?; Prepregnancy overweight or obesity and excessive gestational weight gain have been associated with increased risk of maternal and neonatal complications. Moreover, offspring from obese women are more likely to develop obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular diseases in their lifetime. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is one of the most common complications associated with obesity and appears to have a direct impact on the future metabolic health of the child. Fetal programming of metabolic function induced by obesity and GDM may have intergenerational effect and thus perpetuate the epidemic of cardiometabolic conditions. The present paper thus aims at discussing the impact of maternal obesity and GDM on the developmental programming of obesity and metabolic disorders in the offspring. The main interventions designed to reduce maternal obesity and GDM and their ability to break the vicious circle that perpetuates the transmission of obesity and metabolic conditions to the next generations are also addressed. Copyright © 2011 Marie-Claude Battista et al.
Fetoplacental vascular endothelial dysfunction as an early phenomenon in the programming of human adult diseases in subjects born from gestational diabetes mellitus or obesity in pregnancy; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and obesity in pregnancy (OP) are pathological conditions associated with placenta vascular dysfunction coursing with metabolic changes at the fetoplacental microvascular and macrovascular endothelium. These alterations are seen as abnormal expression and activity of the cationic amino acid transporters and endothelial nitric oxide synthase isoform, that is, the endothelial L-arginine/nitric oxide signalling pathway. Several studies suggest that the endogenous nucleoside adenosine along with insulin, and potentially arginases, are factors involved in GDM-, but much less information regards their role in OP-associated placental vascular alterations. There is convincing evidence that GDM and OP prone placental endothelium to an altered metabolic state leading to fetal programming evidenced at birth, a phenomenon associated with future development of chronic diseases. In this paper it is suggested that this pathological state could be considered as a metabolic marker that could predict occurrence of diseases in adulthood, such as cardiovascular disease, obesity, diabetes mellitus (including gestational diabetes), and metabolic syndrome. © 2011 Andrea Leiva et al.
Cardiac developmental toxicity; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is a highly prevalent problem with mostly unknown origins. Many cases of CHD likely involve an environmental exposure coupled with genetic susceptibility, but practical and ethical considerations make nongenetic causes of CHD difficult to assess in humans. The development of the heart is highly conserved across all vertebrate species, making animal models an excellent option for screening potential cardiac teratogens. This review will discuss exposures known to cause cardiac defects, stages of heart development that are most sensitive to teratogen exposure, benefits and limitations of animal models of cardiac development, and future considerations for cardiac developmental toxicity research. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Clinico-pathological conference (CPC): Adrenal insufficiency due to chronic granulomatous infiltration with caseous necrosis; We present the case of a 39-year-old woman who came to Hospital Universitario San Vicente de Paúl (HUSVP), in Medellín, Colombia, on July 29, 2010, around the 28th week of her first pregnancy, because of upper abdominal pain during the last 20 days. She had suffered from an ostium secundum atrial sept deffect that was surgically corrected on July 20, 2009. A mild prolapse of the mitral valve was also present. On admission, she was found to have uterine activity for which she had been treated with different drugs, during 13 days, at another institution; medication to induce fetal lung maturation had also been administered. During her hospital stay diagnoses of gestational diabetes and non-immune fetal hydrops were made. At HUSVP she continued to have uterine irritability and abdominal pain, and developed tachycardia and tachypnea. On the third day of stay in the ICU she had a difficult vaginal delivery requiring the use of forceps. After childbirth, she experienced pain in the back and hemodynamic collapse. Despite vasopressor treatment with norepinephrine and vasopressin, she remained acidotic, hypotensive and bracycardic, and died.
Managing special populations among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus; Glycemic goals and the therapies used to achieve them must be individualized for each patient based on several factors, one of the more important being coexisting conditions such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease. The potential to lower hemoglobin A1c and the possible long-term benefits of diabetes treatments must be balanced with safety issues, adverse effects, tolerability, ease of use, long-term adherence, and expense. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists and the American Diabetes Association have addressed these concerns by developing treatment guidelines to maximize efficacy and safety in the majority of patients with type 2 diabetes. Other organizations, including the American Medical Directors Association and the American Geriatric Society, have also published guidelines for diabetes management for patients in long-term care facilities. This review discusses the safety profiles of antidiabetic drugs, and the special treatment needs with respect to these drugs for patients with diabetes and comorbidities such as renal disease, liver disease, and cardiovascular disease.
Mechanisms of early life programming: Current knowledge and future directions; It has been >20 y since epidemiologic studies showed a relation between patterns of early growth and subsequent risk of diseases, such as type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and the metabolic syndrome. Studies of identical twins, individuals who were in utero during periods of famine, and animal models have provided strong evidence that the early environment, including early nutrition, plays an important role in mediating these relations. The concept of early life programming is therefore widely accepted. However, the mechanisms by which a phenomenon that occurs in early life can have long-term effects on the function of a cell and therefore on the metabolism of an organism many years later are only starting to emerge. These mechanisms include 1) permanent structural changes in an organ resulting from suboptimal concentrations of an important factor during a critical period of development, eg, the permanent reduction in β cell mass in the endocrine pancreas; 2) persistent alterations in epigenetic modifications (eg, DNA methylation and histone modifications) that lead to changes in gene expression (eg, several transcription factors are susceptible to programmed changes in gene expression through such mechanisms); and 3) permanent effects on the regulation of cellular aging (eg, increases in oxidative stress that lead to macromolecular damage, including that to DNA and specifically to telomeres, can contribute to such effects). Further understanding of such processes will enable the development of preventive and intervention strategies to combat the burden of common diseases such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2011 American Society for Nutrition.
Application of the hypothesis of developmental origin of health and diseases (DOHaD) in epidemiological studies of women at reproductive age and pregnant women in Poland; Epidemiological population studies indicate that the nutrition of women at reproductive age and during pregnancy exerts an effect not only on the term of delivery, development of the foetus and birth weight, but also on the susceptibility of off spring to civilization diseases in adulthood, according to the hypothesis of Developmental Origin of Heath and Diseases (DOHaD). The author analyses the results of epidemiological studies conducted in 2011 in a randomly selected representative population of 6,000 Polish adolescents aged 14-24 (of the total of adolescents, a population of females was selected for analysis), and the results of foetal period health monitoring of mother and child (PRAMS) which has been conducted in Poland since 2009 in the population of mothers and their newborn babies staying after delivery in all hospitals in Poland. Analysis of these two population studies indicates that a high percentage of Polish women at reproductive age are dieting. At the same time, confirmation of the fact of becoming pregnant occurs between weeks 5-8 after conception. This shows that until that time, the foetuses of women on the Apple weight loss diet develop conditions of nutritional deficits which, according to the DOHaD hypothesis, may result in epigenetic changes which increase the susceptibility of off spring in adulthood to civilization diseases: cardiovascular disorders, type 2 diabetes or metabolic syndrome. This hypothesis is confirmed by the high percentages of newborns in Poland born with low birth weight or prematurely born, as well as the fact that the percentage of anemia in pregnant Polish women is twice as high as in other developed countries. Simultaneously, a large number of babies are born with excessive birth weight (macrosomia). The author considers that in the countries of East-Central Europe the phenomenon observed is characteristic at present of the developing countries of the Third World, called the 'double burden of malnutrition'. This situation creates risk of the occurrence of an epidemics of civilization diseases in our part of Europe of a greater intensity than in other developed countries. The author postulates that the educational actions in the area of health promotion in the control of overweight and obesity should be differentiated according to gender and age. The activities to-date in the field of overweight and obesity control in Poland has led to an increase in the number of girls and young women suffering from nutritional disorders as a result of too drastic methods of losing weight. According to the DOHaD hypothesis applied, this may have tragic results for their off spring and for future generations.
Update: Complications and care related to pregnancy, labor and delivery, active component, U.S. Armed Forces, 2001-2010.; Diagnoses of "complications of pregnancy, childbirth, and the puerperium" (ICD-9-CM: 630-679) include both morbid complications and indications for routine care of pregnant women. During 2001-2010, U.S. service members with live births (n=156,314) had 1.16 million medical encounters with primary diagnoses of "pregnancy complications". The most frequent diagnoses were "other current conditions", "other threatened labor" (e.g., false labor), "previous cesarean delivery" and "normal delivery". The number of complication-related medical encounters per pregnancy more than doubled during 2001-2010. Diagnoses of gestational diabetes, previous cesarean delivery and advanced maternal age contributed to the largest increases in pregnancy-related medical encounters during the period. The complications that accounted for the largest increases in the percents of pregnancies affected by them were urinary tract infections, fetal heart rate/rhythm abnormalities and back pain in pregnancy.
Unusual presentation of hemifacial microsomia; Hemifacial microsomia is a well known yet rare collection of developmental facial defects. Almost half of all known cases exhibit additional anomalies beyond the classic malformations of the first and second brachial arches. This case is unique in that it describes a child with hemifacial microsomia and an associated oropharyngeal stenosis, nasal stenosis and a v-shaped mandibular deformity. © 2011 British Association of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgeons. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Micronutrients in pregnancy: Current knowledge and unresolved questions; Micronutrient status is increasingly recognized to play an important role in the health and well-being of pregnant women and in the development and long-term health of the offspring. On 26th - 28th February 2009, The Child Health Foundation invited leading experts in this area to a scientific workshop at Obergurgl, Austria to review and critically discuss current knowledge, to identify issues that may need to be addressed in future recommendations, and to highlight priorities and opportunities for future research. This report summarizes updated key conclusions of the workshop with regards to micronutrients' intake and physiological role related to mother, placenta and fetus, as well as relevance for adverse pregnancy and long-term outcomes. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
Gestational diabetes and subclinical inflammation: Evaluation of first year postpartum outcomes; Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between sublinical inflammation and glycemic status in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Sixty-one patients with GDM and 40 healthy pregnant women were included in the study. Fasting blood glucose (FBG), insulin, high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP), lipid parameters and carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) were measured. Fifty-five of the patients with GDM returned for a follow-up visit scheduled at 1-year post-partum. These patients were subjected to 75. g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) followed by an evaluation of metabolic and subclinical inflammatory parameters were evaluated. Results: The mean FBG, insulin, homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance (HOMA-IR), triglyceride (TG), hsCRP levels and CIMT in the women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. C-reactive protein and CIMT were positively correlated with insulin, HOMA-IR, glucose value at the time of the OGTT 50, prepregnancy body mass index, TG and FBG. Multivariate logistic regression analysis on patients with sustained hyperglycemia one-year postpartum revealed elevated hsCRP levels to be independent risk factors for the development of dysglycemia. Conclusions: Elevated hsCRP levels could be predictors of progression to T2DM later in life in patients with GDM. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Circulatory and renal consequences of pregnancy in diabetic NOD mice; Objectives: Women with diabetes have elevated gestational risks for severe hemodynamic complications, including preeclampsia in mid- to late pregnancy. This study employed continuous, chronic radiotelemetry to compare the hemodynamic patterns in non-obese diabetic (NOD) mice who were overtly diabetic or normoglycemic throughout gestation. We hypothesized that overtly diabetic, pregnant NOD mice would develop gestational hypertension and provide understanding of mechanisms in progression of this pathology. Study design: Telemeter-implanted, age-matched NOD females with and without diabetes were assessed for six hemodynamic parameters (mean, systolic, diastolic, pulse pressures, heart rate and activity) prior to mating, over pregnancy and over a 72 h post-partum interval. Urinalysis, serum biochemistry and renal histopathology were also conducted. Results: Pregnant, normoglycemic NOD mice had a hemodynamic profile similar to other inbred strains, despite insulitis. This pattern was characterized by an interval of pre-implantation stability, post implantation decline in arterial pressure to mid gestation, and then a rebound to pre-pregnancy baseline during later gestation. Overtly diabeticNODmice had a blood pressure profile thatwas normal until mid-gestation then become mildly hypotensive (-7 mmHg, P < 0.05), severely bradycardic (-80 bpm, P < 0.01) and showed signs of acute kidney injury. Pups born to diabetic dams were viable but growth restricted, despite their mothers' failing health, which did not rebound post-partum (-10% pre-pregnancy pressure and HR, P < 0.05). Conclusions: Pregnancy accelerates circulatory and renal pathologies in overtly diabetic NOD mice and is characterized by depressed arterial pressure from mid-gestation and birth of growth-restricted offspring. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Aortic isthmus blood flow in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Objective: To test the hypothesis that the aortic isthmus flow index (IFI) is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. Study Design: We performed a cross-sectional observational study to assess the IFI in fetuses, with (n=13) and without (n=37) myocardial hypertrophy, of mothers with diabetes mellitus and in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (n=23). Analysis of variance and Tukey test were used to assess differences among the groups. Results: There were no differences in maternal or gestational age among the groups. In fetuses of diabetic mothers, the mean IFI in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy was 1.19±0.06, and in fetuses without it was 1.18±0.09. The mean IFI in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers was 1.32±0.07 (P<0.001). Conclusions: The IFI in fetuses of diabetic mothers is lower than in fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, possibly as a result of a decreased left ventricular compliance. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Frequency and clinical significance of placental histological lesions in an unselected population at or near term; Associations between specific placental histological abnormalities and obstetric outcomes are reported. However, most data are based either on high-risk cases or relate to case-control studies selected from those with abnormal placental histology findings, with the unavoidable biases that these approaches entail. This study reports the frequency of the several common, objective and predefined histological abnormalities of the placenta as identified by pathologists blinded to all clinical information. A total 1,153 women were recruited from an unselected population delivering at 34-43 weeks. Histological findings in common obstetric outcome groups were compared to those of the unselected population, and odds ratios and predictive values were calculated. Normal histological findings were present in 72.1% of pregnancies with normal outcomes and in 79.1%, 66.6%, 80%, and 74.8% of pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia (PET), pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH), gestational diabetes (GDM), and small for gestational age (SGA), respectively. Chronic placental underperfusion was seen more frequently in PIH (odds ratio (OR) 2) and SGA (OR 1.4), while villitis of unknown aetiology was observed more commonly in cases with PIH (OR 3.2). Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy was twice as common in cases with GDM whilst massive perivillous fibrin deposition was much more frequent in those with PET (OR 20.2) and SGA (OR 8.9). Chorangiomata were 13 times more common in pregnancies with PET. However, in all cases, positive predictive values were low, with the majority of cases with histological abnormalities being associated with normal outcome. At term, specific placental histological lesions are significantly more common in complicated pregnancies, but the clinical significance of such lesions in a specific case remains uncertain, since the majority will be identified from clinically uncomplicated normal pregnancies. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Fetal and neonatal complications related to prolonged pregnancy; Objective: To evaluate fetal and neonatal outcomes related to prolonged pregnancy. Methods: This study is based on Pubmed search, Cochrane library and HAS recommendations. Results: The risk of fetal complications including macrosomia (6 %), oligohydramnios (10 %-15 %), abnormal fetal heart rate pattern and meconium-stained fluid is increased in prolonged pregnancy (≥ 41 +0 weeks). The rate of stillbirth was estimated between 1.6‰ and 3.0‰ live births according to countries in post-term pregnancies (≥ 42+0 weeks). The risk of umbilical cord pH less than 7.10, Apgar score at five minutes inferior to 7, ICU admissions and perinatal asphyxia is increased in post-term infants (≥ 42+0 weeks) compared with term infants. The risk of neurologic complications including neonatal convulsion, hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy, cerebral palsy, developmental deviations and epilepsy in childhood is increased in post-term infants. The risk of meconium aspiration syndrome, neonatal sepsis, and birth trauma including shoulder dystocia and bone fracture is increased in post-term infants. The rate of perinatal mortality increases in post-term infants. The perinatal mortality in post-term infants could be explained by perinatal asphyxia and meconium aspiration syndrome. Conclusions: The risk of perinatal complications and mortality are increased in prolonged pregnancy. © 2011 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of the patients with transient tachypnea of the newborn; Objective: The objective of the present study is to retrospectively evaluate the patients being monitored under mechanical ventilation or free oxygen therapy diagnosed with transient tachypnea of the newborn. Material and Methods: Medical records of 2470 patients being monitored at the neonatal intensive care unit who were born in the Akdeniz University Medical Faculty Hospital between January 2007 and January 2010 were scanned. One hundred twenty eight patients diagnosed with transient tachypnea of the newborn and who were born at week >37 were included in the assessments. Thirty nine of these patients were excluded from this study because of cardiac defects, pulmonary hypertension, pneumothorax, infection, preeclamptic and diabetic mother baby. The patients were divided into two groups, with regard to need of intubated mechanical ventilation (SIMV, PSV) or free flow oxygen with head-box (FiO 2 40%). The medical records of the patients in these groups were assessed in terms of sex, birth weight, gestational age, mode of delivery, respiratory rate, arterial blood gases and oxygen saturation, duration of the time for full enteral feeding and duration of hospital stay. Results: The comparison of the patients requiring mechanical ventilation and free oxygen therapy showed significantly decreased mean pH and pO2 values and significantly increased mean pCO2 values in the second hours following delivery (p< 0.05). Mean duration of hospital stay and mean time to full enteral feeding were statistically significantly longer in patients being monitored under mechanical ventilation (p< 0.05, p< 0.05). Conclusion: Transient tachypnea of the newborn is known to be a benign and self-limiting disorder. Furthermore it can cause severe morbidity such as hypoxia, pulmonary air leak syndromes and persistent pulmonary hypertension. Our study demonstrated that severe clinical particulars and long-hospitalization period may be present in the transient tachypnea of newborn without other risk factors and increased pulmonary pressure. Copyright © 2011 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Assesment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers; Objectives: To identify ventricular diastolic disfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compare with control groups. Material and methods: Between November 2009, April 2011 36 mother with gestational diabetes mellitus and 55 control subjects were recruited prospectively. Fetal echocardiogram was perforMed. at 24, 28, 32 and 36 weeks of gestation to assess cardiac diastolic function by using tissue Doppler and pulse wave Doppler echocardiography. Early(Ea) and late (Aa) diastolic peak tissue Doppler imaging at the base of right ventricular free wall, ventricular septum, left ventricular free wall and both atrioventricular valves early(E), late(A) inflow velocities were analyzed and compared between groups. Haemoglobin glycated(HbA1c) levels were obtained at 24 week of gestation. Values above 6,5 % were excluded. Blood glucose levels of gestational diabetic mothers were under control. Results: Fetal interventricular septal thickness increasing progressively with advanced gestation were significantly more than control group in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (p< 0.001). Mean levels of HbA1c were 5,79±0.73 % in gestational diabetic mothers, 5.02±0.36 % in control group(p<0.003). HbA1c was significantly higher in the gestational diabetic mothers. E, A, Ea, Aa, Ea/Aa and E/A ratios increased with gestational age at all sites in both group. Peak velocities of mitral E (p<0.001), mitral A(p<0,007), tricuspid E(p<0.001) and tricuspid A (p<0.002) were significantly higher in diabetic group. The ratio of E/A and Ea/Aa increase as a function of more rapid augmentation in early when compared with late diastolic velocities in both group. Increases of mitral E/A and tricuspid E/A ratios were lower in diabetic group with advancing gestation. Ea:Aa ratio of right ventricle was higher in fetuses of diabetic mothers with advancing gestation (p<0,03). Conclusions: We conlude that maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with alterations ventricular diastolic function in the fetus. This is not closely related with interventricular septal hypertrophy. Impaired ventricular diastolic function develops as a result of decreased relaxation and compliance.
High levels of cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, and risk perception co-occur with low self-efficacy to prevent cardiometabolic disease in American indian women with previous gestational diabetes; Background: Knowledge of risk factors, risk perception, and self-efficacy are central to preventing cardiometabolic disease (CMD) among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Although the incidence of CVD in American Indians is twice that of the general U.S. population, partially attributed to type 2 diabetes (T2D), little is known about American Indian women's (AIW) knowledge, risk perception, and self-efficacy to prevent these diseases following GDM. Objective: Examine the prevalence of cardiometabolic risk and describe AIW's knowledge, risk perception for T2D and CVD, and self-efficacy beliefs related to disease prevention. Methods: A cross-sectional, descriptive mixed methods study was conducted with 22 self-identified AIW (36.59 ± 5.8 years; documented history of GDM) recruited from a tribal health system in a Southwestern state. Risk was measured using harmonized MetS criteria and HOMA-IR. Knowledge, risk perception, and self-efficacy were measured using a modified Risk Perception Survey for Developing Diabetes (adapted from DPP) and a modified Heart Disease Fact Questionnaire. In-depth interviews allowed for rich description of risk perception and self-efficacy. Interview data were content analyzed; two researchers independently coded data, validated the coding scheme, and resolved discrepancies in formulation of categories and central theme. Results: The majority of AIW (n = 13, 62%) were classified as having MetS; 13 of 18 (72%) were insulin resistant (HOMA-IR > 2.7; 6.38 ± 5.74). Mixed methods data indicated high levels of knowledge and risk perception related to T2D and CVD, but low self-efficacy related to preventing CMD. The central theme, lack of motivation and trying to become motivated, comprised four categories that offered further insight into risk perceptions and self-efficacy beliefs: concerns, control, beliefs/attitudes, and views about prevention. Conclusion: High levels of cardiometabolic risk, knowledge, and risk perception co-occur with low self-efficacy to prevent CMD in AIW with previous GDM. Findings indicate the need to further explore AIW's self-efficacy beliefs in a cultural context prior to developing effective self-efficacy enhancing interventions designed to prevent T2D and CVD.
Early fetal echocardiography of high risk patients: A cardiac referral center experience; Objective: To evaluate the experience of diagnosing cardiac anomalies using early fetal echocardiography at a large pediatric cardiac referral center. Study Design: Retrospective study of all early fetal echocardiograms, (<17 weeks estimated gestational age (EGA)), performed between July 2007 and December 2010. Echocardiograms and medical records were reviewed. Characteristics of diagnoses modified at follow-up evaluation were analyzed. Results: There were 151 studies performed on 142 fetuses. Mean initial EGA was 14.5 weeks. Transabdominal imaging was sufficient for 104; 38 required transvaginal imaging (all <15 weeks EGA). Cardiac disease was found in 32 (20.4%). High yield indications were suspected cardiac anomalies by ultrasound (91.7%) and extracardiac anomalies (50%). Lower yield indications were family history (6.1%) and increased nuchal translucency (13.8%). No fetuses referred for advanced maternal age or maternal diabetes had cardiac disease. Follow-up evaluation at >20 weeks EGA was possible in 128 fetuses (10 terminated, 4 lost to follow-up), 19 of which had a cardiac anomaly at initial study. At follow-up evaluation, 3 fetuses initially diagnosed with a cardiac anomaly had normal hearts, but no fetuses initially diagnosed as normal had cardiac disease (sensitivity 100%, specificity 97.3%, positive predictive value 84.2%, negative predictive value 100%). Seven fetuses had modification of the original diagnoses at follow-up; 3 were initially described as having possible septal defects not seen at mid-gestation, 2 had slightly changed diagnoses, and 2 had disease progression different than predicted. Conclusion: Early fetal echocardiography is feasible and can accurately identify significant cardiac anomalies. Lesions that may not be detected with accuracy include septal defects and diseases that progress throughout gestation. Early fetal echocardiography should always be followed by a comprehensive cardiac evaluation at 18-22 weeks EGA to maximize detection and accuracy of diagnosis.
Human fetal cardiac ejection fraction in normal and diabetic pregnancy assessed by matrix 3D/4D echocardiography; Background: Diabetic pregnancy carries higher risk of fetal development abnormality compared to normal pregnancy. Therefore, fetal growth should be monitored during diabetic pregnancy. We used a 4D matrix method to evaluate whether maternal diabetes could affect fetal heart function. Methods: 24 women 18.0-33.1 weeks gestational age (mean 23.6 ± 4.5 weeks) were included: 12 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnant patients and 12 healthy pregnant women with the same gestational ages. A Philips iE33 ultrasound system with an X7-2 matrix array transducer was used. 4D volumes were acquired from the fetuses with an external heart rate simulator. 4D data was analyzed by QLab 6.2 software (Philips). End-systolic and end-diastolic volumes of left and right ventricles (LV, RV) and ejection fraction (EF) derived for each individual were calculated semi-automatically, and maternal blood HbA1C were recorded. Results: Blood HbA1C levels of the diabetic group were 6.99±1.10%, which was higher than the normal level (5.0%). LV EF of the fetuses with diabetic mothers ranged from 52.4% to 85.9% (mean 70.2 ± 11.2%), and 52.3% to 83.3% (mean 71.5 ± 10.5%) for the control group. No significant difference was shown between LV EFs (P = 0.4029). However, RV EF was 55.3% to 85.1% (mean 66.8 ± 9.9%) in the diabetic group, compared to 64.9% to 87.1%(mean 77.2 ± 7.3%) for the control group (P = 0.0108). Conclusions: LV EF of human fetuses of diabetic mothers was normal, but RV EF of the diabetic pregnancy group was lower.
The effect of comprehensive care on maternal and fetal outcomes in sickle cell disease pregnancies; Introduction: Patients with Sickle Cell Disease (SCD) have increased rates of maternal and fetal complications compared to the general population, including premature rupture of membranes, post-partum infection, low birth weight, small for gestational age (SGA), intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and preterm delivery. They also experience higher rates of antepartum complications: painful vasoocclusive crises (VOC), infections, PIH/preeclampsia, abruption, antepartum bleeding, cardiomyopathy, pulmonary hypertension, cerebral vein thrombosis, pneumonia, pyelonephritis, deep vein thrombosis (DVT), transfusion and systemic inflammatory response syndrome. Comprehensive care reduces morbidity and mortality in infancy and early childhood and is the cornerstone of care in SCD. However, the effect of comprehensive care on maternal and fetal outcome in patients with SCD has not been examined. We hypothesize that pre-conception comprehensive care improve maternal and fetal outcomes and reduced rates of antepartum complications in patients with SCD. Methods: We conducted a retrospective review of patients with SCD (SS, SC, S/beta-thalassemia) who delivered at the Mount Sinai Hospital (MSH), a high risk obstetrics care institution in Central Ontario, Canada, between 2000 and 2010 based on the Antenatal Database, Delivery Database, electronic and paper-based medical records. Patients were jointly managed by a maternal-fetal medicine (MFM) specialist and hematologist specialized in hemoglobinopathies. We analyzed the maternal and fetal characteristics and outcomes (age at delivery, genotype, gravida, gestational age, birth weight, number of Caesarian sections and vaginal deliveries), antepartum complications (pregnancy induced hypertension (including pre-eclampsia and eclampsia), gestational diabetes mellitus, preterm premature rupture of membranes, oligohydramnios, abruption/previa, venous thromboembolism, urinary tract infection), and SCD-specific complications (painful vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome, pneumonia, and transfusion) based on the presence or absence of comprehensive care prior to pregnancy by the Red Blood Cell Disorders (RBCD) Clinic at the University Health Network, a SCD comprehensive care centre from the same catchment area as MSH. t-test was used to compare means of two groups, Fisher's exact test and chi-squared tests were used to compare categorical frequency data, where appropriate. Alpha value of 0.05 was chosen as the level of significance. Results and Discussion: We identified 79 deliveries by 64 patients with SCD who received obstetric care at MSH. Mean gestational age at delivery was 37.69 weeks (95% CI 37.00 to 38.37 weeks) and 21 (27%) were preterm (< 37 weeks). Thirty-one deliveries (39%) were by Caesarian section and 48 were delivered vaginally. Seventeen (22%) were low birth weight (< 2500 g) and 11 (14%) were small for gestational age. Maternal and fetal outcomes and rates of antepartum complications were similar to the existing literature (Powars, 1986; Smith, 1996; Serjeant, 2004; Barfield, 2010). Twenty-eight deliveries by 22 of the 64 patients received comprehensive care at the RBCD clinic prior to their pregnancies for a mean duration of 5 years. There was no significant difference in maternal or fetal outcomes or antepartum complications. The results suggest that the role of comprehensive care prior to conception may not be as crucial in pregnancy outcomes of patients with SCD as previously thought. The lack of difference may also be due to the fact that the patients' care was closely monitored during the pregnancy by both specialists in hemoglobinopathies and high risk obstetrics. Limitations of the study include its single-centered and retrospective nature, exclusion of stillbirths and miscarriages, and small sample size. Also, patients who were enrolled in the comprehensive care program may carry more comorbidities and SCD-specific complications, compared to patients referred from the community, but this was not examined in the present study. Further prospective observational studies of SCD patients in the child-bearing age, with attention to the frequency and type of pre-pregnancy SCD-specific complications, as well as standardized application of comprehensive care, will be helpful in determining whether comprehensive care is useful in reducing antepartum complications in patients with SCD.
Metabolic disorders in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, Tehran lipid and glucose study; Introduction: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common complication of pregnancy that is associated with fetal and maternal adverse outcomes. These women are at higher risk for development of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and metabolic and cardiovascular disease. Various results have been presented on the long term consequences of GDM. We aimed to compare the incidence of these metabolic disorders between women with previous GDM and those without any history of GDM. Materials and Methods: Three groups of non-diabetic women, aged 15-45 y who participated in first phase of Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) were selected; 1) women with previous GDM, 2) women with previous still birth or macrosomia and without any history of GDM, and 3) normal age-BMI matched controls. They were followed for an average of 9 years, for developing of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension and dislipidemia. Results: Cumulative incidence of T2DM in the GDM group was 3-fold higher than the control. Incidence rates of T2DM were not significantly different between women in MC-ST group and their controls; however the serum concentrations of FBS were significantly different between these two groups. There was no significant difference in the cumulative incidence of hypertension and dislipidemia between the case and control groups. Conclusion: Women with previous GDM are at an increased risk of developing T2DM later in life. It seems that GDM screening in pregnancy could identify women at risk of metabolic disease.
Congenital hyperinsulinism: Current trends in diagnosis and therapy; Congenital hyperinsulinism (HI) is an inappropriate insulin secretion by the pancreatic -cells secondary to various genetic disorders. The incidence is estimated at 1/50, 000 live births, but it may be as high as 1/2, 500 in countries with substantial consanguinity. Recurrent episodes of hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia may expose to high risk of brain damage. Hypoglycemias are diagnosed because of seizures, a faint, or any other neurological symptom, in the neonatal period or later, usually within the first two years of life. After the neonatal period, the patient can present the typical clinical features of a hypoglycemia: pallor, sweat and tachycardia. HI is a heterogeneous disorder with two main clinically indistinguishable histopathological lesions: diffuse and focal. Atypical lesions are under characterization. Recessive ABCC8 mutations (encoding SUR1, subunit of a potassium channel) and, more rarely, recessive KCNJ11 (encoding Kir6.2, subunit of the same potassium channel) mutations, are responsible for most severe diazoxide-unresponsive HI. Focal HI, also diazoxide-unresponsive, is due to the combination of a paternally-inherited ABCC8 or KCNJ11 mutation and a paternal isodisomy of the 11p15 region, which is specific to the islets cells within the focal lesion. Genetics and 18F-fluoro-L-DOPA positron emission tomography (PET) help to diagnose diffuse or focal forms of HI. Hypoglycemias must be rapidly and intensively treated to prevent severe and irreversible brain damage. This includes a glucose load and/or a glucagon injection, at the time of hypoglycemia, to correct it. Then a treatment to prevent the recurrence of hypoglycemia must be set, which may include frequent and glucose-enriched feeding, diazoxide and octreotide. When medical and dietary therapies are ineffective, or when a focal HI is suspected, surgical treatment is required. Focal HI may be definitively cured when the partial pancreatectomy removes the whole lesion. By contrast, the long-term outcome of diffuse HI after subtotal pancreatectomy is characterized by a high risk of diabetes, but the time of its onset is hardly predictable. © 2011 Arnoux et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Primary prevention of coronary heart disease in men and women: Does 1 size fit all? Yes!; Cardiovascular disease remains the leading cause of mortality in both women and men in the industrialized nations. Coronary heart disease (CHD) accounts for the single largest share of this toll in both sexes. Although it had long been known that the number 1 cause of death in men is CHD, it was determined only relatively recently that this was also true in women. Identification of the traditional risk factors (RFs) for CHD by the Framingham Heart Study and other investigations during the last 5 decades has provided the basis of preventive cardiology. These RFs can be considered as fixed or modifiable. Numerous epidemiologic and clinical studies have demonstrated that, with few exceptions, the major RFs that increase the hazard for CHD are the same for both men and women, whether fixed (age, sex, family history) or modified (lipids, blood pressure, smoking). A number of other RFs are under investigation and await confirmation in rigorous prospective studies. Even those conditions unique to women, which can predispose patients to CHD, such as polycystic ovaries and complications of pregnancy, act through provocation of the traditional RFs. Thus, the large body of evidence that supports the similarity of RFs for CHD in men and women provides a rational foundation for similar strategies of prevention in the 2 sexes. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor levels are not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis in women with previous gestational diabetes; We aimed to determine plasma thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (TAFI) antigen levels in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and to evaluate the possible association of plasma TAFI with glucose intolerance and markers of subclinical atherosclerosis. This cross-sectional study was performed in 111 women with previous GDM and 60 controls. Glucose intolerance was evaluated. Homeostasis model assessment score was calculated. Circulating lipids, interleukin-6, matrix metalloproteinase-1, fibrinogen, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1, and TAFI antigen levels were assayed. Carotid intima media thickness (IMT) was measured. Women with previous GDM had increased levels of atherosclerosis markers and carotid IMT. On the other hand, plasma TAFI antigen levels were similar (P =.395). Thrombin-activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor was not associated with the indices of insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, markers of atherosclerosis, and carotid IMT. Our data demonstrated that plasma TAFI was not altered in women with previous GDM. TAFI was not associated with glucose intolerance and subclinical atherosclerosis. © SAGE Publications 2011.
[Influence of glucose homeostasis on maturation and ontogenesis of fetus].; The aim of the paper is to examine the incidence and the rate of cardio respiratory disorders in mothers of newborns with diabetes mellitus in pregnancy as well as their influence on the perinatal outcome. A prospective and random study included 102 newborns, 31 newborns of mothers with glucose homeostasis disorder (group I) and 71 newborns of healthy mothers (group II). The average age, body height, body weight, body mass index, parity and illness duration of the pregnant women were recorded as well as the delivery method Every newborn underwent physical examination in order to determine the Apgar score, body weight and length. Electrocardiogram, brain ultrasound and the basic hematology biochemical and microbiological analysis were done as well. The average weight and obesity incidence were higher in diabetic women than in the control group and their newborns were heavier and of lower gestational age. Heart failures were diagnosed in 5 (1612%) newborns of diabetic mothers and in 1 (1.4%) of a healthy pregnant woman (p<0.01). Respiratory disorders were diagnosed in 48.4% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 12.64% of healthy mothers (p<0.01). Additional oxygen was needed by 42% of newborns of diabetic mothers and 19.7% of newborns of healthy mothers. Congenital anomalies of cardiovascular system and respiratory disorders were 6-8 times more frequent in newborns of diabetic mothers than in newborns of healthy mothers.
The link between polycystic ovary syndrome and Type 2 diabetes: What do we know today?; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common condition estimated to affect 4-18% of women of reproductive age. PCOS is associated with reproductive and metabolic sequelae. These sequelae include increased risk factors for impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is proposed as a key pathophysiological feature of PCOS contributing to both the reproductive and metabolic disturbances as well as contributing to an increased cardiometabolic risk for women with PCOS. In this article we have discussed the inter-relationship between PCOS, insulin resistance and T2DM as well as various risk factors present in women with PCOS that predisposes them to develop T2DM. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
The complex exocrine-endocrine relationship and secondary diabetes in exocrine pancreatic disorders; The pancreas is a dual organ with exocrine and endocrine functions. The interrelationship of the endocrine-exocrine parts of the pancreas is a complex one, but recent clinical and experimental studies have expanded our knowledge. Many disorders primarily of the exocrine pancreas, often solely in the clinical realm of gastroenterologists are associated with diabetes mellitus (DM). Although, the DM becoming disorders are often grouped with type 2 diabetes, the pathogenesis, clinical manifestations and management differ. We review here data on the association of exocrine-endocrine pancreas, the many hormones of the pancreas and their possible effects on the exocrine functions followed by data on the epidemiology, pathogenesis, and management of DM in chronic pancreatitis, cystic fibrosis, pancreatic cancer, and clinical states after pancreatic surgery. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Gestational weight gain and postpartum weight retention: Relevant facts for obstetric care; Overweight and particularly obese women (BMI∈≥∈30 kg/m 2) are at risk for complications in pregnancy. One third of overweight and more than 50% of obese pregnant women gain more weight than generally recommended. Both increased prepregnancy BMI and excessive weight gain during pregnancy are crucial predictors of perinatal outcome (e.g. higher risk for childhood obesity and cardiovascular diseases). Apart from preconceptional weight loss, detailed information and determination of individual weight gain goals (IOM guidelines) as well as diet and exercise recommendations are of particular importance for obstetric care professionals. Overweight and obese women should be encouraged to breastfeed. Detailed advice should be offered regarding postpartum weight retention, lifestyle interventions and physical activity. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Atrial natriuretic peptide reflects the cardiovascular alterations in preeclampsia; Background: Preeclampsia affects at least 4% of all pregnancies and is globally responsible for more than 50,000 maternal deaths anually. Women with preeclamptic pregnancies have a life-long increased cardiovascular risk. We hypothesized that atrial natriuretic peptide is upregulated in preeclampsia and could serve prognostically. Methods: Plasma samples from 256 pregnant women in gestational week 24-42 (healthy pregnancies n=83, preeclampsia n=111, type 1 diabetes n = 12, type 2 diabetes n=15, and gestational diabetes n=68) were analyzed by immunoassay for ANP (MR-proANP). Plasma samples from 26 women were measured again 5 to 8 years after pregnancy (healthy pregnancies n = 11, preeclampsia n=15). Results: MR-proANP concentrations were significantly elevated in preeclamptic women (157.0±8.2 pmol/l), compared to healthy pregnancies (63.75±3.5 pmol/l, P=.001) and pregnant women with any form of diabetes (54.3±2.5 pmol/l, P=.001). Non pregnant women (n=49) had MR-proANP levels of 46.9±2.3 pmol/l. In preeclamptic women who deliverd small for gestational age infants, median MR-proANP was significantly higher than in preeclamptic women delivering appropriate for gestational age infants (190 vs 123 pmol/L P=.001). 5-8 years after pregnancy, median MR-proANP concentrations were similar for the 3 study groups (former preeclamptics, healthy pregnancies, and non-pregnant normotensive women). In our transgenic rat model for preeclampsia, MR-proANP was significantly increased compared to pregnant controls (10.9±1.9 vs 4.3±0.3 pmol/l). Pregnant control rats showed signs of pyhsiological cardiac hypertrophy, while the preecalmptic model had signs of cardiac perivascular and interstitial fibrosis, fibronectin and collagen I deposition, connective tissue growth factor production, and a decreased ejection fraction compared to pregnant controls. Conclusion: In our patients, ANP had a similar sensitivity and specifity as did sFlt-1 in identifying preeclampsia. We suggest that a transient increase in ANP in preeclamptic women may prove useful Information about the hemodynamic alterations in preeclampsia. Conceivably, ANP could be a predictive marker for for futre development of cardiovascular disease.
Circulating cytokines, chemokines and adhesion molecules in euglycemic gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a pathological state of carbohydrate intolerance first recognized during pregnancy, when left untreated leads to an increased risk of severe complications with an excessive maternal inflammatory response. In order to investigate the role of GDM in the inflammatory activation, we determined levels of circulating inflammatory markers under euglycemic conditions in 12 women with GDM (32,08+1,59 yo) and 9 matched for age nondiabetic mothers (NGD) (29,5+1,84 yo), by a multiple bead array with internally colour-codes microspheres amid fluorescent dyes excited by laser beams. All pregnancies were uncomplicated with normal newborns. The GDM group demonstrated significantly higher serum insulin levels than NGD (12,06+1,7 vs 7,28+0,94 μIU/ml ) (p<0,02), while at the same euglycemic levels indicating an insulin resistance state for GDM mothers. HbA1c levels of GDM were within normal limits (4,5+0,4%). There was no difference in the BMI of GDM vs NGD before pregnancy (25,92+1,2 vs 24,25+1,9) as well as for the weight gained during pregnancy between the groups (10,96+1,5 vs 13,8+3,6 kg). Circulating concentrations of ICAM-1 (210,85+10,9 vs 141,66+9,8 ng/ml) (p<0,0015), E-Selectin (31,67+4,4 vs 12,55+2,6 ng/ml) (p<0,0073) and IFN-γ (182,95+61,2 vs 27,61+7,9 pg/ml) (p<0,036) were markedly increased in the GDM group than NGD, while VCAM-1, TNF-α and IL-12(p70) levels were comparable. Circulating levels of IL-1β, IL-2, IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, and IL-12(p40) were undetectable in both groups. In conclusion, in GDM, an insulin resistance state even in euglycemic conditions, there is a mainly endothelial pro-inflammatory environment illustrated by the notably elevated endothelial inflammatory markers.
Evaluation of endothelial function in patients with gestational diabetes; Introduction: In recent years has been growing interest in the study of endothelium in patients with gestational diabetes (GD), since these patients have increased risk of developing pre-eclampsia, type II diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. These conditions associated with endothelial damage. Flow-mediated dilation (FMD) of the brachial artery is a non-invasive method to evaluate the function of endothelium. Objectives: Verify the presence of endothelial damage in patients with GD, compared with healthy pregnant women, using the FMD. Patients and Methods: 42 patients were divided into 2 groups: 21 patients with GD, and 19 healthy pregnant women (control group). The patients of the two groups were paired by maternal and gestational age. The FMD was carried out according to the American Heart Association Protocol. The diagnosis of GD was given in accordance with the criteria of the Brazilian Diabetes Association (2004). Results: Patients with GD presented lower FMD results than healthy patients (9±5.71%; 16± 12.64%; p = 0.001). Conclusions: Patients with DG have FMD results significantly smaller than healthy patients, suggesting the presence of endothelial damage in the first group.There are no conflicts of interests.
Health hazards around gestational diabetes; Objectives: The most significant short- and long-term adverse consequences of Gestational Diabetes (GDM) on the fetus and the mother include the predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome, Type 2 diabetes, maternal and childhood obesity, as well as cardiovascular diseases. The objectives are to explore those health hazards and identify preventive measures to avoid this disease and its consequences.Methodology: All recent literature on the screening and management of GDM, starting from the Hyperglycemia and Adverse Pregnancy Outcome (HAPO) study till today, were reviewed. Data on maternal obesity and its related variables such as physical activity were also critically assessed.Results: Much of the older literature on the management of GDM are level III, however, newer studies offer level I evidence and introduce new variables for better understanding and applicability. On the other hand, based on meta-analysis of the literature, it was estimated that the risk of developing GDM is about two, four, and eight times higher among overweight, obese, and severely obese women, respectively, compared with normal-weight pregnant women. It is obvious that physiological states of insulin resistance such as obesity and diabetes have been linked to abnormalities in female reproductive function. However, it is difficult to distinguish the direct effects of impaired insulin signaling from those of adiposity or hyperglycemia. Conclusion: Between the two epidemics, obesity and diabetes, maternal and child comorbidities got more complicated and, as a result, put management in a new dimension that passed the aggressive GDM therapy to a wide scale of preventive strategies.
Clinical characteristics and perinatal outcomes of non-overweight/obese pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Objective: To determine clinical characteristics and perinatal outcomes of non-overweight/obese (pre-pregnancy body mass index BMI < 24 kg/m2) pregnant women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Methods: The screening of PCOS was performed when they were at first prenatal visit in Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital, Capital Medical University from May, 2008 to July, 2010.61 PCOS women of pregnancy women with BMI < 24 kg/m2 were considered as the study subjects, and 122 pregnant women without PCOS matched by age and pre-pregnancy body mass index (BMI) were selected as the control ones. Patients with history of pre-pregnancy diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, renal diseases and multiple pregnancies were excluded from the study. We followed pregnancy outcomes of two groups until delivery. Results: Significantly higher total cholesterol, triglycerides concentrations and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol concentrations were found in the PCOS group than in the controls. PCOS women with BMI < 24 kg/m2 had significantly higher rates of GDM (27.9% (17/61)) and pre-eclampsia (13.1% (8/61)) compared with the controls (15.6% (19/122), 1.6% (2/122)), P < 0.05, < 0.01, respectively. No statistical significance was found in prevalence of pregnancy-induced hypertension, polyhydramnios, oligohydramnios, macrosomia, premature rupture of membranes, placental abruption, macrosomia, fetal death and neonatal congenital abnormality between the two groups (all P > 0.05). Conclusions: It is at increased risk of GDM and pre-eclampsia in non-overweight/obese PCOS women, this risk seemed to be due to PCOS itself rather than obesity. Copyright © 2011 by the Chinese Medical Association.
Nutrition during pregnancy and the effect of carbohydrates on the offspring's metabolic profile: In search of the "perfect maternal diet"; Fetal growth and development is primarily dependent upon the nutritional, hormonal and metabolic environment provided by the mother. A wartime famine study in Holland first showed that a low food intake reduces the glucose offered to the fetus and thus produces smaller size infants at birth. Maternal glucose regulation is however affected by numerous factors including physiological changes of pregnancy (e.g. insulin resistance [IR]), pathological conditions (e.g. gestational diabetes mellitus) and maternal nutrition. Maternal glucose is substantially influenced by the type of carbohydrates in the diet through its direct effect on glycemia. The rate at which each carbohydrate raises blood glucose levels after ingestion, can be measured via the dietary glycemic index (GI). Carbohydrate type and the GI of the diet enhance or inhibit abnormal hyperglycemia during pregnancy caused by either pathological conditions or the inability of the mother to cope with the physiological IR of pregnancy. In turn, maternal gestational hyperglycemia may be involved in the pathogenesis of IR, impaired glucose tolerance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, the Metabolic Syndrome and subsequent cardiovascular diseases in adult offspring. A low GI maternal diet has been associated with measurable benefits to the offspring. These include a positive effect on altering maternal blood glucose production, insulinemia and reduced adiposity as well as fetal and placental insulin and glucose regulation, fetal growth, birth weight and offspring adiposity. We review the possible links between dietary carbohydrate in health during pregnancy and the effect of maternal carbohydrate ingestion on programming the offspring's metabolic profile. © Tzanetakou et al.
Risk factors for atherosclerosis in women; Atherosclerosis manifests quite often (50 % of men and 60 % of women) as sudden cardiac death in persons with no previous signs of coronary disease. Based on current knowledge, much of atherosclerotic vascular events might be avoided. Therefore, high-risk individuals are to be indentified and treated. Currently recommended diagnostic and therapeutic procedures are, however, mostly based on the results of studies on the male population. However, in the general population, in women the prevalence and mortality of/from cardiovascular diseases and mainly strokes is in absolute numbers greater than in men. Smoking and diabetes mellitus and associated combined dyslipidemia (high level of triglycerides and lower protective HDL cholesterol) appear to be more aggressive cardiovascular risk factor in women. Unique cardiovascular risk factors in women are sex hormones and their changes; however, the use of synthetic hormones in the prevention of cardiovascular events in women brought largely negative results. Other specific risk factors in women are: preeclampsia, hypertension in pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus. Currently, in women greater emphasis should be placed on smoking cessation, adequate physical activity and on optimizing the lipid spectrum, including triglycerides and HDL cholesterol.
Anaesthetic management of the patient with diabetes; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder characterized by chronic hyperglycaemia with disturbances of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. This results from defects in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both. The effects of diabetes include long-term damage, dysfunction and failure of key organ systems. The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in the UK, standing at 4.3% in 2005, compared to 2.8% in 1996. While the incidence of type 1 diabetes is static, the incidence of type 2 diabetes is rising rapidly. This trend is expected to continue, with some models predicting a prevalence of 9% (range 6.3-13.3%) by 2025. The burdens diabetes places on healthcare are great, both financially and on an individual patient's quality of life. Excellent anaesthetic management of the diabetic patient throughout the operative journey is key to a successful outcome and efficient use of resources. © 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Current treatment strategies,,complications and considerations for the use of HIV antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy; The global prevalence of HIV infection in the female population presents a significant healthcare burden in terms of mother-to-child transmission (MTCT) of the disease. This review aims to discuss current trends and treatment guidelines for the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy and associated complications in this population. Historically, antiretroviral monotherapy with zidovudine was commonly used for preventing MTCT, and monotherapy with single-dose nevirapine is still used for prevention in resource-limited settings. Evidence suggests that combination therapy with HAART is a more effective treatment option than monotherapy when managing HIV in pregnant women. Current treatment guidelines recommend the use of HAART with a protease inhibitor (PI) or a nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) plus two nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors (NRTI) as first-line therapy for the management of HIV infection in pregnant women and for preventing MTCT. Complications associated with the use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy should be taken into consideration when selecting a new antiretroviral regimen, or when continuing certain antiretroviral regimens in HIV-infected women who become pregnant while on therapy. NNRTI have been associated with severe and sometimes fatal hepatoxicity in some pregnant women and potentially teratogenic side effects in the fetus, and their use raises concerns regarding the development of drug- and class-resistant mutations. PI-based HAART has been associated with an increased risk of adverse effects such as premature delivery, low birth weight, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and lipodystrophy. Despite this, initiating antiretroviral therapy with a PI plus two NRTI may become the preferred treatment option in pregnant women. Many of the side effects associated with PI were more prevalent when older PI and PI-based regimens that included those in combination with thymidine analog NRTI were used. An individual's history and baseline clinical and laboratory parameters should also be taken into consideration when choosing the most appropriate antiretroviral regimen during pregnancy.
Lupus and pregnancy; Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) disproportionately affects women in their reproductive age years. Pregnancy in this systemic autoimmune disease has long been associated with poor obstetric outcomes. However, the frequency of pregnancy loss in lupus has dropped to a level commensurate with that of the general US population. The outcomes of lupus pregnancies are better if conception is delayed until the disease has been inactive for at least 6 months, and the medication regimen has been adjusted in advance. Pregnancy in lupus is prone to complications, including flares of disease activity during pregnancy or in the postpartum period, preeclampsia, miscarriage, stillbirth, intrauterine growth retardation, and preterm birth. Active lupus nephritis poses the greatest risk. The recognition of a lupus flare during pregnancy may be difficult because the signs and symptoms may mimic those of normal pregnancy. Monitoring should include baseline and monthly laboratory tests, serial ultrasonography, fetal surveillance tests, and fetal m-mode echocardiography for mothers with SS-A (Ro) or SS-B (La) antibodies. In the absence of any signs or symptoms of active SLE, affected patients require no specific treatment during pregnancy. If hydroxychloroquine was in use before conception, it should be maintained throughout pregnancy. If a woman with SLE has antiphospholipid antibodies, prophylactic treatment with aspirin and/or low-molecular weight heparin is indicated to prevent fetal loss. Lupus flares during pregnancy are generally treated with hydroxychloroquine, low-dose prednisone, pulse intravenous methylprednisolone, and azathioprine. High-dose prednisone and cyclophosphamide are reserved for severe lupus complications but are associated with significant pregnancy-related complications and poor obstetrical outcomes. Target Audience: Obstetricians and Gynecologists and Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completing the CME activity, physicians should be better able to provide preconception counseling to a woman with lupus, differentiate signs of a lupus flare from symptoms of pregnancy, differentiate preeclampsia from a flare of lupus nephritis, and differentiate the serious medical complications of pregnancy in a lupus patient. © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Placental insufficiency and fetal growth restriction; Objectives: Fetal growth restriction is defined as a pathologic decrease in the rate of fetal growth. The most frequent etiology for late onset fetal growth restrictionisuteroplacental dysfunction which is due to in adequate supply of nutrients and oxygen to support normal aerobic growth of the fetus. However, for symmetrical IUGR, fetal chromosomal anomalies, structural anomalies and fetal infections should be carefully excluded. Consequent to the uteroplacental vascular maladaptation of endovascular trophoblastic invasion, there is increased vascular resistance and decreased blood flow to the placenta in the choriodecidual compartment. Conclusions: This under perfusion of the placenta causes villous damage; that is, total tertiary villous capillary bed is reduced leading to increased placental resistance. These changes can be diagnosed by Doppler and characteristic changes are seen in the uterine, umbilical, middle cerebral arteries and ductus venosus vessels. In severe cases, delivery of the fetus with optimum intrapartum surveillance, or caesarean section, is essential. © Federation of Obstetric & Gynecological Societies of India 2011.
Hormonal and lipid profile in correlation with anthropometric measurements among offspring of diabetic mothers; Objective: This study was designed primarily to estimate whether there is an association between anthropometric parameters on one hand and cord blood levels of insulin, leptin, IGF-I and lipid profile on the other hand in offspring of diabetic mother. Research design and methods: A total of 60 full term infants of diabetic mothers (IODM) and 40 healthy infants of non-diabetic women participated in the study. Anthropometric assessment of the newborn including birth weight (BW), neonatal ponderal index (NPI) ,head circumference (HC), abdominal circumference (AC), triceps skin fold thickness (TST) and sub scapular skin fold thickness (SST) was performed. Cord blood levels of insulin, leptin, IGF-I and lipid profile were also assessed. Results: IODM had significantly higher BW (3.9 ± 0.48 vs. 3.2 ± 0.4kg), NPI (3.1 ± 0.32 vs. 2.7 ± 0.46), AC (30.8 ± 1.9 vs. 28.5 ± 1.32 cm), TST(3.5 ± 0.58 vs. 2.2 ± 0.28 mm) and SST compared to controls(3.57 ± 0.6 vs. 2.47 ± 0.56 mm, P < 0.0001 for all). Moreover, IODM had higher levels of biochemical growth factors compared to controls; insulin (70.4 ± 56.4 vs. 4.48 ± 3.7 μIU/ml), leptin (40.4 ± 14.85 vs. 12.5 ± 6.7 ng/ml and IGF-I (131 ± 44.8 vs. 77.3 ± 21.9 ng/ml, P < 0.0001 for all). There are insignificant sex difference regarding studied measurements; apart from higher mean insulin in female than male cases (79.4 ± 69.1 vs. 65.1 ± 48.2 μIU/ml P = 0.04). Mean HDL was lower in IODM (21.4 ± 0.6) when compared to control (32.8 ± 11.5 mg/dl, P = 0.02) whereas other lipid profile were insignificant including: LDL; TG; total cholesterol (r = 0.5 ,P = 0.001, r = 0.32, P = 0.05, respectively). A positive correlation between cord insulin level and maternal HbA1c (r = 0.481, P = 0.032) was detected. Conclusion: Exposure to maternal diabetes in fetal life results in characteristic changes in neonatal anthropometric measurements and caused abnormalities of lipid and biochemical growth factors which may lead to metabolic and cardiovascular complications in later life.
Youth with type 2 diabetes (T2D) exposed to maternal diabetes (DM) in utero have a lower HDL concentration; Objectives: Determine if exposure to maternal diabetes in utero is associated with hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) or cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors [systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), total cholesterol (TC), low density lipoprotein (LDL), high density lipoprotein (HDL), and triglycerides (TG)] in youth with T2D. Methods: Participants (N = 280) were youth in the SEARCH For Diabetes In Youth study with T2D duration >3 months. Exclusion criteria: glucocorticoid use; non-diabetes related renal disease or CVD; and unknown maternal DM status during pregnancy. Exposure was self-reported. ANCOVA was used to examine the association between exposure and HbA1c, SBP, DBP, TC, LDL, HDL, and logTG(transformed due to large SD) adjusting for age at diagnosis, gender, race, study center, body mass index(BMI) z-score, diabetes duration, and waist circumference (WC). Results: Both groups had similar BMI z-score, diabetes duration, gender, and race. The exposed group were younger at diagnosis and had smaller WC (P < 0.05 for both) (See Table). Adjusted HDL was significantly (P = 0.03) different between groups, 36.9 mg/dl (exposed) vs. 40.9 mg/dl(unexposed). Adjusted logTG approached statistical significance (P = .06), logTG = 5.2(exposed) vs. 5.0 (unexposed). Other outcomes were not statistically different after adjustment. Conclusions: Exposure to diabetes in utero is associated with lower HDL concentrations in youth with T2D, thereby increasing their risk of developing CVD. (Table presented).
Influence of the glucose tolerance test on pro-atherogenic modification of LDL and its relation to paraoxonase activity; Background: Diabetes is associated with increased oxidation and glycation of LDL, modifications which increase its atherogenicity. Serum paraoxonase 1 (PON1) activity is decreased in diabetes and this may contribute to the greater susceptibility of LDL to oxidation and glycation. Whereas it is known that in vitro LDL undergoes both oxidation and glycation and PON1 activity decreases slowly on incubation with glucose, nothing is known about how rapidly excursions of blood glucose affect these parameters in vivo. Methods: We determined the effect of the glucose tolerance test (GTT) in 24 women with gestational diabetes. Blood samples were taken at baseline, 30 min and 2 h after oral glucose (75 g). Results: Blood glucose was higher after glucose (5.1 [0.2] mmol/L (mean [SD]) at baseline, 8.0 [0.3] mmol/L at 30 min (p < 0.001) and 6.9 [0.4] mmol/L at 2 h (p < 0.001)). Serum PON1 activity decreased from 124 [23] nmol/ml/min at baseline to 109 [19] nmol/ml/min at 30 min (p < 0.005) and 107 [20] nmol/ml/min (p < 0.001) at 2 h. Oxidised LDL decreased at 30 min from 77 [5] U/L at baseline to 66 [4] U/L (p < 0.005) and still lower at 2 h (63 [5] U/L; p < 0.001). Glycated LDL increased from 3.1 [0.2] mg/dL to 3.6 [0.2] mg/dL at 30 min (p < 0.001) but returned to baseline at 2 h (3.0 [0.2] mg/dL (NS). Conclusions: (1) PON1 activity decreased acutely in response to increases in blood glucose and this effect persisted up to 2 h. (2) Simultaneously there was a transient rise in immunoassayable glycated LDL, whereas oxidised LDL diminished.
Heart involvement in the offspring of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes mellitus: A retrospective descriptive study; Introduction. Diabetes mellitus (DM) is one of the most common medical conditions complicating approximately 3-10% of all pregnancies; pregestational diabetes is found in the 20% of them. Maternal diabetes is known to increase the risk of fetal congenital heart diseases (CHD) which became 5-fold greater that in the general population in the offspring. The patterns of CHD encountered range from small septal defect to complex heart disease. Additionally pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH), commonly referred as hypertrophy cardiomyopathy, is found in 40% of infants from diabetic mothers which causes symptoms in 5%. Aim of the study. To assess the occurrence and the spectrum of CHD and PVH among fetuses and newborns of mothers with pregestational or gestational DM referred to the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology in the last 3 years; to evaluate the postnatal cardiology follow-up. Methods. This retrospective study considered, from January 2007 to December 2010, 128 pregnancies complicated by DM types I-II and gestational diabetes (GD). Cardiac abnormalities were divided in CHD and PVH. CHD were fatherly classified as “severe” CHD if required significant counseling with the family, postnatal surgical intervention or postnatal mandatory cardiac follow-up; “mild” CHD: defects that were not likely to be hemodynamically significant but requiring postnatal follow-up. In the PVH group, the echocardiographic thickness of the interventricular septum (IVS) was measured postnatally before hospital discharge. Hypertrophy was classified as “severe” if Z-score was >3, “mild” for Z- score between 2-3. Results. Among 128 pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus, 41(32%) women had pregestational diabetes (36 DM type I and 5 DM type II), 87 (68%) had GD. We found 13/128 CHD (10.1%): 6/13 “severe CHD”: a heterotaxy syndrome with left atrial isomerism and complete atrioventricular canal defect and severe aortic and pulmonary valve stenosis resulted in the death of fetus at 19 weeks of gestation. In one case with fetal hydrops and congestive heart failure (CHF), severe mitral and tricuspid regurgitation and endomyocardial fibroelastosis the mother decided for therapeutic abortion. Four other cases were: double-outlet right ventricle with a ventricular septal defect (VSD) and pulmonary valve stenosis; tetralogy of Fallot, pulmonary atresia with intact septum and a severe pulmonary stenosis with mild right ventricular hypertrophy. In this group the DM/GD ratio was 4:2. Surgical correction or interventional procedure was necessary during the first month of life in all these four newborns without any complication until last cardiologic evaluation. In the “mild” CHD, 5 VSD were observed, in one case associated with mild PVH; a mild aortic insufficiency and a non-Ebstein dysplasia of the tricuspid valve. In this group the prevalence of DM vs GD was 4:3. We observed 26/128 (20.3%) PVH: severe hypertrophy 4/26 (15%), with DM/GD ratio 1:3, mild hypertrophy 13/26 (50%) with DM/GD ratio 5:8. The remaining 9/26 (34.6%) newborn had a IVS measure >5 mm but the z-score was <2 with DM/GD ratio 7:2. In our population all the PVH are transient with a resolution of hypertrophy in the first 6 months of life. Conclusion. In agreement with the literature, women with pregestational DM have a higher risk for CHD in the offspring than women with GD. Both DM and GD seem involved in the development of PVH but in our study severe PVH seems to be more related to GD. All women with DM should be strictly monitored during the periconceptional period for decreasing the risk of severe CHD. Any increased level of plasma glucose obtained with oral glucose tolerance testing is linked to the risk of developing GD with a possible negative pregnancy outcome.
Body weight in pregnancy: A major issue for maternal and fetal outcomes; Introduction: The prevalence of maternal overweight and obesity is rising similar to the prevalence in the general population. Maternal obesity affects significantly maternal and fetal outcomes. Body weight in prepregnancy has been associated with increased maternal mortality, pre-eclampsia, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the mother as well as perinatal mortality, macrosomia and congenital malformation in fetus and infant. Objectives: To examine whether in utero exposure to maternal overweight and obesity is related to maternal and fetal outcomes. Method/Design: 1500 Austrian pregnant women (2nd and 3rd trimenon) were enrolled in a survey done with a quantitative questionnaire. Body mass index based on measured data, birth weight and some health indicators were assessed. Results: Body mass index was 23.3±4.5kg/m2 on average. One third of the investigated childbearing women were overweight or obese.Body weight increased according to the recommendations of the Institute of Medicine (2010) by 11.6±5.3kg in overweight and 9.1±5.4kg in obese pregnant women. Ten percent of all participants reported to suffer from gestational diabetes, within overweight and obese women 19.0% and 20.4% were affected, respectively. Every fourth interviewee mentioned spontaneous abortion during previous pregnancies. The measured mean birth weight of newborn was 3386±539g, overweight and obese mothers gave birth to babies with a significant higher birth weight compared to normal weight women. Birth weight of these women was within the normal range. Conclusions: Among the adverse outcomes associated with maternal prepregnancy overweight and obesity is developing gestational diabetes, and spontaneous abortion, as well as delivering an infant with a high birth weight.
Maternal obesity and nonstress testing; We evaluated the impact of maternal obesity on the characteristics and results of nonstress tests (NST). This prospective 1-year cohort study included 2026 NSTs performed on 575 consecutively chosen women with singleton gestations 32 weeks and no known fetal anomalies. Body mass index (BMI) class was determined at the first prenatal visit. The primary outcome was the duration of fetal heart rate monitoring before a reactive result. Obese women were not more likely to have nonreactive NST results. The mean duration before obtaining a reactive result was unaffected by obesity after controlling for diabetes and gestational age. The overall number of NSTs per patient was higher in obese than in nonobese women (3.9 versus 3.1, p<0.01). More tests per patient are performed among obese subjects, yet the ability to perform an NST and the duration before obtaining a final result were unaffected by obesity. Copyright © 2011 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Absence of increase in carotid artery Intima-Media thickness in infants of diabetic mothers; Objective: Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are considered as a risk group for atherosclerosis. Increased aortic intima-media thickness has been reported in IDM. The purpose of this study was to assess carotid artery intima-media thickness (CA-IMT), left ventricular mass index (LVMI) and atherosclerotic risk factors in IDM. Methods: Thirty IDM and 25 healthy controls were included in the study. Of these infants, 14 were appropriate-for-gestational age (AGA) and 16 were large-for-gestational age (LGA). CA-IMT and LVMI were obtained by M-mode echocardiographic examination. The relationship between parameters of atherosclerosis and echocardiographic measurements was assessed by Pearson's correlation analysis. Results: LVMI was higher in LGA IDM when compared to AGA IDM and controls. CA-IMT was not significantly different between the groups and was also not related to atherosclerotic risk factors. Serum lipid and insulin levels were higher in LGA IDM when compared with AGA IDM and controls. There were no correlations between CA-IMT, LVMI and atherosclerotic risk factors. Conclusions: In contrast to previous reports indicating an increase in CA-IMT in IDM, no differences were found between IDM and controls in this study. Our results indicate that macrosomic IDM are prone to hypertrophic cardiomyopathy but not to atherosclerotic changes in the blood vessels. © Journal of Clinical Research in Pediatric Endocrinology.
Clinical therapeutics in pregnancy; Most drugs are not tested for use during pregnancy, consequently, labeling, which may include information about fetal safety, includes nothing about dosing, efficacy, or maternal safety. Yet these are concerns of health care providers considering treatment of disease during pregnancy. Therefore, the practitioner treats the pregnant woman with the same dose recommended for use in adults (typically men) or may decide not to treat the disease at all. However, is the choice of not treating a woman during pregnancy better than dealing with the challenges which accompany treatment? This paper, which summarizes metabolic and physiologic changes induced by pregnancy, illustrates that standard adult dosing is likely to be incorrect during pregnancy. Copyright © 2011 Maisa N. Feghali and Donald R. Mattison.
Study the effects of swimming in the diabetic pregnant rats on learning and memory of offspring; Background: There are controversy about the cognitive performance between the infants of diabetic mothers and controls. On the other hands, physical activities during pregnancy could increase brain derived neurotrophic factor in the hippocampus of off-spring. The aim of present study was to evaluate the effect of swimming exercise during pregnancy on learning and memory of diabetic and non-diabetic mothers' offspring in rats. Methods: Diabetes was induced by a single i.p. injection of STZ (60 mg/kg). Healthy and diabetic female rats were swum during pregnancy. Then, their adult off-springs of swimmer and non-swimmer diabetic and healthy mothers' rats were tested in the passive avoidance, radial maze and multiple t-maze tasks. The collected data were analysed by one-way Anowa test, P-values less than 0.05 were considered as indicative of significance. Results: There were no significant difference in the number of trials to acquisition, step-through latency and time spent in the dark compartment between different groups of rat in the passive avoidance test. Also, there were no significant difference in the number of baited food arms, reference and working memory errors between experimental groups in radial maze task. On the other hands, the results of multiple t-maze test showed that the numbers of entrance error into the arms in the male and female offsprings of diabetic swam rats significantly less than nonswam diabetic rats. Conclusion: The results of present study indicated that swimming during pregnancy had no significant effect on the learning and memory of off-spring rat in the passive avoidance and radial maze task but significantly improve the learning and memory of off-spring of diabetic rat. It can conclude that, swimming during pregnancy can improve learning and memory of off-springs in some kind of task.
International forum for the advancement of diabetes research and care, April 29-30, 2011, Athens, Greece; The International Forum for the Advancement of Diabetes Research and Care brought together distinguished international experts in diabetes to discuss diverse trends and emerging issues in diabetes therapy and management. The plenary sessions on the first day focused on trends in insulin therapy, the role of glucagon-like peptide-1 receptor agonists in diabetes treatment, the relationship between diabetes and cardiovascular risk, and the challenges associated with the development of clinically relevant treatment guidelines. Interactive breakout sessions addressed the following topics: microvascular complications of diabetes; the need for a team approach to patient education; optimal management of Asian people with diabetes; the role of continuous glucose monitoring in assessing glucose variability; and lessons learned from biosimilar drugs. The plenary sessions on the second day covered self-monitoring of blood glucose, treatment and prevention of type 1 diabetes, and future directions for diabetes therapy. The meeting represented an excellent forum for the presentation of new research and the exchange of ideas aimed at improving outcomes for people with diabetes. © Copyright 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Subclinical thyroid dysfunction during pregnancy; There is compelling data and a rationale for embarking on screening to identify pregnant women with some of the multiple classes of subclinical thyroid dysfunction. However, the evidence to support such screening and treatment is lacking. Several important trials are underway or undergoing peer review that may provide answers regarding routine screening and treatment for subclinical thyroid dysfunction. Until then, routine screening and treatment for subclinical thyroid dysfunction seems premature. © 2011, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Preserved structural and functional characteristics of common carotid artery in properly treated normoglycemic women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes mellitus which is an important cardiovascular risk factor. We have evaluated whether preclinical morphological and functional arterial changes are present in GDM. Diameter, intima-media thickness (IMT), intima-media cross-section area (IMCSA) and elasticity features (compliance, distensibility coefficient, circumferential strain, stiffness index (SI) α and β, incremental elastic modulus) of the common carotid arteries (CCA) were studied in the 3rd trimester in 25 women with GDM, and 17 normal pregnant women matched for age and body mass index using an ultrasonographic vessel wall-movement tracking system and applanation tonometry. Mean IMT, IMCSA and SI α tended to be larger, whereas compliance was smaller in women with GDM but none of these differences were significant. Serum glucose (4.99±0.51 vs. 4.79±0.61 mmol/L, p=0.37) and HbA1c (5.33±0.27 vs. 5.36±0.47 mmol/L, p=0.85) proved normoglycemia in both groups. In conclusion, by the combination of methods we applied in this case control study, neither morphological nor functional characteristics of large elastic arteries differ significantly between well-treated normoglycemic women with GDM and non-diabetic pregnant women in the 3rd trimester. © 2011 Akadémiai Kiadó, Budapest.
Basal insulin analogues in diabetic pregnancy: A literature review and baseline results of a randomised, controlled trial in type 1 diabetes; As basal insulin analogues are being used off-label, there is a need to evaluate their safety (maternal hypoglycaemia and fetal and perinatal outcomes) and efficacy [haemoglobin A$-{\rm{1c}}$ (HbA$-{\rm{1c}}$), fasting plasma glucose, and maternal weight gain]. The aim of this review is to provide an overview of the current literature concerning basal insulin analogue use in diabetic pregnancy, and to present the design and preliminary, non-validated baseline characteristics of a currently ongoing randomized, controlled, open-label, multicentre, multinational trial comparing insulin detemir with neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with insulin aspart, in women with type 1 diabetes planning a pregnancy (n = 306) or are already pregnant (n = 164). Inclusion criteria include type 1 diabetes > 12 months' duration; screening HbA$-{\rm{1c}} \leq 9.0\%$ (women recruited prepregnancy), or pregnant with gestational age 8-12 weeks and HbA$-{\rm{1c}} \leq 8.0\%$ at randomization. At confirmation of pregnancy all subjects must have HbA$-{\rm{1c}} \leq 8.0\%$. Exclusion criteria include impaired hepatic function, cardiac problems, and uncontrolled hypertension. Subjects are randomized to either insulin detemir or neutral protamine hagedorn insulin, both with prandial insulin aspart. The results are expected mid-2011 with full publications expected later this year. Baseline characteristics show that basal insulin analogues are already frequently used in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes. This study will hopefully elucidate the safety and efficacy of the basal insulin analogue detemir in diabetic pregnancy. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Offspring birth weight and risk of mortality from diabetes in mothers; Background: Mothers with lower birth weight (LBW) offspring have been found to be associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity, which shares many risk factors with diabetes. Aims: To investigate the relation between offspring birth weight and maternal risk of mortality from diabetes. Methods: A total of 1 400 383 singletons of primigravida registered in Taiwan between 1978 and 1987 were followed to the end of 2006. The offspring birth weight was assessed with and without standardisation for the gestational age of offspring. Cox model was used to estimate the HR of maternal diabetes mortality in relation to offspring birth weights. Results: Altogether, 812 (5.8%) mothers died of diabetes. Mothers with LBW (<2500 g) and macrosomia (>4000 g) offspring were both at increased risks of mortality from diabetes with HR 1.76 (95% CI 1.46 to 2.19) and 2.86 (95% CI 2.32 to 3.53), respectively. Similar results were seen while birth weight was standardised for gestational age. Conclusions: This cohort study found that mothers with LBW and macrosomia offspring had an increased mortality risk of diabetes. This relationship could be attributable to the possible pathway of intergenerational effects or maternal insulin resistance due to maladaptation to pregnancy.
What do the 2011 American heart association guidelines tell us about prevention of cardiovascular disease in women?; The 2011 Update of the American Heart Association's Cardiovascular Disease Prevention Guideline for Women is designed to help women and their physicians understand cardiovascular Disease (CVD) risks and undertake practical steps that are most effective in preventing heart disease and stroke. Defining a woman's risk status and improving her adherence to preventive lifestyle behaviors and medications is the best strategy to lower the burden of CVD in women. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Pattern of neonatal diseases in special care baby unit (SCBU) khyber teaching hospital, Peshawar; Objective: To document the number, disease pattern and outcome of patients admitted to Neonatal Unit. Study Design: Descriptive study. Place and Duration of Study: The study was conducted in the Neonatal Unit of Department of Child Health, Peshawar, Pakistan from 1st January 2 009 to 31st December 2009. Material and Methods: The data of all Neonatal admission was recorded and analyzed for age, weight, sex, duration of stay, cause of admission and outcome. Results: A total of 3203 neonates were admitted from 01-01-2009 to 31-12-2009. Out of these 2142 (66.87%) were male and 1061 (33.1%). were females. Full term babies were 20414 (75.43%) and premature low birth weight were 787 (24.57%) of the total admissions. Neonatal jaundice, neonatal sepsis, prematurity/ low birth weight and birth asphyxia (HIE) were the main causes of neonatal admissions to the SCBU. Neonatal jaundice accounted 799 (24.9%) of the total admission to the unit. Neonatal infections were the next most common cause of admission 790 (24.66%), followed by birth asphaxia contributed 676 (24.7%). Other causes responsible for admission to our neonatal unit were infants of diabetic mother 14 (0.43%) congenital heart diseases 12 (0.37%), meningitis 18 (0.56%), pneumonia 50 (1.56%), dysmorphic features 10 (0.31%), congenital hypothyroidism 02 (0.31%), surgical cases 25 (0.78%) Criglar Najar syndrome 02 (0.06 %). Out of total admission 2717(84.82%) were discharged. and 473(14%) expired. There were 292(9.1%) males and 181(5.6%) female. The common cause of death was birth asphyxia 148 (21.89%) and prematurity 141 (17.9%), while sepsis 126 (15.4%) and jaundice 47 (5.88% were the other common causes. Most of the babies 1909 (59.6%) were referred from KTH obstetric ward labor room and operation theatre while 509(15.8%) were referred from other hospitals / private maternity and 785 (24.5%) were referred from other hospitals/private maternity homes and 785 (24.5%) were home deliveries. Discharge on will was 31 (0.96%) and leave against medical advice was in 16 (0.49%). Large number of the babies i.e. 1420 (44.2%) were admitted in first 24 hours of birth. Conclusion: Birth asphyxia, Low birth weight (LBW), neonatal sepsis were the major causes of neonatal admission.
Prenatal origin of obesity and their complications: Gestational diabetes, maternal overweight and the paradoxical effects of fetal growth restriction and macrosomia; Pregestational (PGDM) and gestational (GDM) diabetes may be associated with a variety of fetal effects including increased rate of spontaneous abortions, intrauterine fetal death, congenital anomalies, neurodevelopmental problems and increased risk of perinatal complications. Additional problems of concern are fetal growth disturbances causing increased or decreased birth weight. Optimal control of maternal blood glucose is known to reduce these changes. Among the long lasting effects of these phenomena are a high rate of overweight and obesity at childhood and a high tendency to develop the "metabolic syndrome" characterized by hypertension, cardio-vascular complications and type 2 diabetes. Similarly, maternal overweight and obesity during pregnancy or excessive weight gain are also associated with increased obesity and complications in the offspring. Although there are different causes for fetal growth restriction (FGR) or for fetal excessive growth (macrosomis), paradoxically both are associated with the "metabolic syndrome" and its long term consequences. The exact mechanism(s) underlying these long term effects on growth are not fully elucidated, but they involve insulin resistance, fetal hyperleptinemia, hypothalamic changes and most probably epigenetic changes. Preventive measures to avoid the metabolic syndrome and its complications seem to be a tight dietary control and physical activity in the children born to obese or diabetic mothers or who had antenatal growth disturbances for other known or unknown reasons. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
The postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile of women with isolated hyperglycemia at 1-hour on the oral glucose tolerance test in pregnancy; Background and aims: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an enhanced cardiovascular risk factor profile at 3-months postpartum and an elevated risk of future cardiovascular disease, as compared to their peers. Recently, it has emerged that even mild dysglycemia on antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) predicts an increased risk of future cardiovascular disease, although it is not known whether there exists an identifiable high-risk subgroup within this patient population. Since gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) due to isolated hyperglycemia at 1-h during the OGTT (1-h GIGT) bears metabolic similarity to GDM, we hypothesized that, like GDM, 1-h GIGT may predict a high-risk postpartum cardiovascular phenotype. Methods and results: In this prospective cohort study, 485 women underwent antepartum OGTT, followed by cardiovascular risk factor assessment at 3-months postpartum. The antepartum OGTT identified 4 gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); 1-h GIGT (n = 39); GIGT at 2- or 3-h (2/3-h GIGT)(n = 50); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT)(n = 259). After adjustment for age, ethnicity, breastfeeding and waist circumference, mean levels of the following cardiovascular risk factors progressively increased from NGT to 2/3-h GIGT to 1-h GIGT to GDM: LDL cholesterol (p = 0.0026); total cholesterol:HDL (p = 0.0030); apolipoprotein B (p = 0.004); apolipoprotein B:apolipoprotein A1 (p = 0.026); leptin (p = 0.018); and C-reactive protein (p = 0.011). Conclusions: Amongst women without GDM, 1-h GIGT predicts an enhanced postpartum cardiovascular risk factor profile. It thus emerges, that amongst young women with mild dysglycemia in pregnancy, those with 1-h GIGT may comprise an unrecognized patient population at risk for future cardiovascular disease. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome; Background: Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the relationship between preconception cardiovascular risk factor levels and pregnancy complications. Methods: Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1142 primiparous women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to last menstrual period were calculated. These factors were examined as predictors of gestational age, preterm birth (<37 weeks), birthweight, low birthweight (<2500 g), small-for-gestational-age (weight <10th percentile for gestational age), hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, and gestational diabetes, using linear and Poisson regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, and socioeconomic status. Results: Higher triglycerides were associated with a higher risk of hypertensive disorders (adjusted risk ratio [aRR] = 1.42 [95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.90 -2.23]), preeclampsia (1.70 [1.08-2.65]), and gestational diabetes (1.68 [1.25-2.25]). After removing women with pregnancy complications (n = 30), the estimated aRR for the association between systolic blood pressure and preterm birth was 1.23 (95% CI = 0.99-1.54); for HDL-c and low birthweight, 0.97 (0.73-1.28); for diastolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 0.98 (0.81-1.20); and for systolic blood pressure and small-for-gestational-age, 1.18 (0.97-1.45). Conclusions: High lipid levels before pregnancy predict an increased risk of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes. Reported associations between these pregnancy complications and later cardiovascular disease of the mother are probably explained, at least in part, by maternal conditions that precede pregnancy. Interventions to improve cardiovascular health before pregnancy may reduce risk of pregnancy complications. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Decreased fetal cardiac performance in the first trimester correlates with hyperglycemia in pregestational maternal diabetes.; In-vitro animal studies suggest that high glucose levels impair fetal cardiac function early in gestation. We aimed to study whether evidence of first-trimester myocardial dysfunction can be detected in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus. Women with diabetes mellitus underwent fetal echocardiography at 11-14 weeks' gestational age. In fetuses with normal anatomy, the cardiac preload, diastolic function, global myocardial performance and placental afterload were studied by Doppler of the ductus venosus (DV), mitral and tricuspid early/atrial (E/A) ratios, left and right ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) and umbilical artery (UA) Doppler, respectively. Cases were matched for gestational age and UA and DV Doppler with controls that had no diabetes mellitus. Sixty-three singleton diabetic pregnancies were matched with 63 controls. Mean gestational age at enrollment was 12.6 (range, 11.1-13.6) weeks. Diabetic mothers had moderate to poor glycemic control (median (range) glycosylated hemoglobin A1 (HbA1c), 7.5 (5.1-12.7)%, and the HbA1c level was ≥ 7% in 37 (59%)). Fetuses of diabetic mothers exhibited worse measures of diastolic dysfunction: the isovolumetric relaxation time (IRT) was significantly prolonged (left ventricle: 36.9 ± 7.4 ms vs. 45.8 ± 6.8 ms; right ventricle: 35.6 ± 8 ms vs. 46.4 ± 7.3 ms, P < 0.0001 for both). The mitral E/A ratio was lower in diabetics (0.55 ± 0.06 vs. 0.51 ± 0.08, P = 0.03), and the global myocardial performance was lower in both ventricles (left ventricle MPI: 0.5 ± 0.08; right ventricle MPI: 0.52 ± 0.08, P = 0.03 and P < 0.0001, respectively). This lower global myocardial performance was caused by a prolonged myocardial relaxation time, which was most marked in diabetics with an HbA1c of ≥ 7% (P < 0.001 vs. controls for both ventricles). There were no significant correlations between cardiac Doppler parameters and DV, UA indices and fetal heart rate (P > 0.05 for all). Fetuses of poorly controlled diabetic mothers demonstrate significant differences in first-trimester diastolic myocardial function compared with non-diabetic controls. The decrease in myocardial performance is more marked with increasing HbA1c and appears to be independent of preload and afterload. The ability to document these cardiac functional changes this early in pregnancy opens potential new avenues to understand the consequences of maternal glycemic status. Copyright © 2011 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
ATP-binding cassette transporter a1 expression in the villous trophoblast in gestational diseases; Objectives: The ATP-binding cassette transporter A1 (ABCA1) plays a role in the transport of cholesterol and other lipophilic molecules. It shows a high expression in the human placenta with a wide distribution in diverse cell types, but its functions in this organ are unclear. In animal models, loss of ABCA1 results in severe disruption of placental and fetal development. In humans, preliminary and conflicting data suggest expressional changes of placental ABCA1 in gestational diseases. The aim of this study was to characterize the ABCA1 expression in placentas from common gestational diseases. Methods: Ninety third-trimester placentas (12 from normal and 78 from pathological gestations, including preeclampsia, antiphospholipid syndrome, idiopathic intrauterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes, cholestasis of pregnancy, and placental abruption) were semi-quantitatively assessed for their ABCA1 expression with immunohistochemistry. Results: Changes of ABCA1 expression levels in pathological compared with normal pregnancies were found in the villous syncytiotrophoblast, but not in other placental compartments. The villous syncytiotrophoblastic ABCA1 expression was significantly more extensive in pre-term placentas of 30 to 36 gestational weeks compared with placentas of later and earlier gestational ages(p=0.01 and p=0.02, respectively). Moreover, it was reduced in preeclamptic placentas and showed a trend towards increase in idiopathic intrauterine growth restriction compared with normal controls (both statistically not significant). Finally, it also showed a trend for up-regulation in placentas with low weight or evidence of fetal occlusive vasculopathy (both statistically not significant). Conclusion: A subset of the conditions suggested to exhibit an abnormal syncytiotrophoblastic ABCA1 expression, including preeclampsia and fetal occlusive vasculopathy, are characterized by intraplacental hypoxia; hypoxia has been previously shown to regulate trophoblastic ABCA1 levels. The data suggest that placental ABCA1 is differentially regulated in the third trimester, which may depend on various factors such as gestational age and hypoxia.
Pregnancy in kidney transplant patients; Introduction: Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of renal transplantation (KT). Aim: To analyze the viability of pregnancy in KT and the consequences on renal function,as well as the complications in the patients and the newborns. Material and Methods:We undertook a retrospective study analyzing all pregnancies between 1986 and 2010 in KT. Evaluation was made of different variables related with renal function, as well as other related with the birth and the newborn. Results: We studied 24 pregnancies in 20 KT. Their mean age was 29±5 years and the mean time since the transplant was 4.5 years (0.8-12). At the time of pregnancy, 17 patients were receiving steroids and a CNI. Two azathioprine plus steroids and one patient, who had an unplanned pregnancy, was receiving tacrolimus and MMF, which was immediately withdrawn. The GFR was 59±15 ml/min. Twelve patients had well controlled hypertension and no proteinuria. The renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy and it was necessary to raise the dose of CNI to maintain suitable levels. No acute rejection was detected. One had gestational diabetes and two preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases and there were four miscarriages. Cesarean section was required in 12. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (34-41) and the weight of the newborns was 2.7 kg (1.5-3.6). One patient, who had been advised against pregnancy due to the high risk of complications, had a miscarriage at week 22 and died due to cardiac arrest during induction of the birth. 18 children were born healthy. One was born with esophageal atresia and other had multiple malformations. Conclusions: Pregnancy in KT is safe if the renal function is correct before becoming pregnant, there is no proteinuria and the blood pressure is well controlled. In these cases, the maternal complications are similar to those of the general population and we detected no increased risk of graft loss. (Table presented).
Gestational diabetes mellitus is a risk factor for future cardiovascular disease; Background and aims: Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Less is known about whether these women also have an increased cardiovascular disease risk. The aim of this study was to examine GDM as a risk for subsequent cardiovascular morbidity and mortality using Swedish register data. Materials and methods: A case-control study using the data from Swedish National Health and quality registers from 1991 to 2008. Cases defined as a women diagnosed with a first cardiovascular event (Ischemic heart disease, stroke or peripheral vascular disease using the ICD classification) and who gave birth to at least one child during the study period (n = 4653). Each case was matched by age with 5 controls who did not have cardiovascular disease and also gave birth to a child during the study period (n = 22790). Binary logistic regression was used to calculate odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals (OR with 95% CI) with adjustment for potential confounding factors including smoking, chronic hypertensive disease and overweight (BMI>25). Results: A history of GDM during pregnancy (3.5% among cases and 1.8% among controls) was associated with statistically significantly raised risk of a cardiovascular event, with unadjusted and adjusted odds ratios of 1.98 (1.64 - 2.37) and 1.80 (1.49-2.18), respectively. The unadjusted OR for overweight was 1.42 (1.33-1.52), for chronic hypertensive disease 4.86 (2.72-6.34) and for smoking 2.08 (1.95-2.22). Conclusion: Women with a history of GDM not only have an increased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus but GDM is also a notable risk for subsequent cardiovascular disease. This emphasizes the need for appropriate long-term follow-up of these women post pregnancy to identify their cardiovascular risk profile, possibly reducing their risk for cardiovascular events through appropriate interventions.
Vascular endothelial growth factor and brain derived neurotrophic factor in gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a translational state of increased insulin resistance and accelerated atherosclerosis. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) are potent mediators of angiogenesis and vasculogenesis. Therefore we were interested in VEGF and BDNF in patients with GDM compared to normal pregnancy (NGDM) and non-pregnant healthy controls (CO). Materials and methods: We performed a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study, in which 45 patients with GDM (BMI 30.0± 5.3 kg/m2, mean age 34±5 years) as well as 16 pregnant women without GDM (NGDM, BMI 28.2± 4.4 kg/m2, mean age 31±5 years) were included and compared with 29 non-pregnant healthy controls (CO, BMI 24.1± 4.5 kg/m2, mean age 32±5 years). An oral glucose tolerance test (75g) and HOMA insulin resistance were assessed at 28 weeks of gestation as well as 8 weeks postpartum. Blood samples for VEGF and BDNF were obtained at the same time points and were determined by an ELISA. Results: VEGF and BDNF levels were significantly lower in GDM patients compared to CO (1.6±0.3 vs 2.5±0.3; p=0.013; 22.1±5.4 vs 26.4±8.8 ng/ml; p<0.001). In addition, NGDM patients also had significantly lower VEGF and BDNF levels than CO (1.6±0.2 vs 2.5±0.3; p=0.002; 18.0±6.9vs 26.4 ± 8.8 ng/ml; p<0.001). Patients with GDM differed from NGDM only in BDNF significantly intrapartum (22.1±5.4 vs 18.0±6.9ng/ml; p=0.044). We obtained a significant increase of VEGF and BDNF levels in GDM (2.6±0.2; p<0.001; 27.7±4.9 ng/ml; p<0.001) and NGDM (2.7±0.1; p<0.001;27.8±0.8 ng/ml;p=0.001) patients postpartum. After pregnancy VEGF levels were significantly higher in the GDM group compared to CO (2.6±0.2 vs 2.5±0.3; p=0.015). Conclusion: This is the first study demonstrating significantly lower VEGF and BDNF in pregnant women compared to healthy CO. These lower values of vascular growth factors may indicate that pregnancy per se is a protecting condition. BDNF and VEGF significantly increased postpartum in both GDM and non-GDM. The significant higher VEGF levels in GDM vs CO might be a contributing factor to the well-known increased cardiovascular risk of those patients.
Racial disparities in the age of diagnosis of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose regulation in a multi-ethnic high-risk population in Singapore; Background and aims: The prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus has been increasing rapidly in Asia. Asians, especially individuals of Indian (South Asian) descent, are at greater risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease. However, the effect of ethnicity on age of diagnosis of diabetes in Southeast Asia has not been established. We aimed to compare the prevalence and age at diagnosis of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and diabetes in different races in a high-risk Southeast Asian population in Singapore. Materials and methods: All patients without a history of diabetes who had a 75g oral glucose tolerance test and concurrent HbA1c performed in our tertiary hospital from January 2001 to October 2009 were included in the study. All patients were deemed to be high-risk due to positive family history of diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, random plasma glucose level > 7.0 mmol/L, obesity or polycystic ovarian syndrome. Data was obtained through review of case records and laboratory databases. Diabetes mellitus, IFG and IGT were diagnosed based on the World Health Organization criteria. Differences between races were tested with one-way analysis of variance and multiple comparisons with post-hoc Bonferroni correction in SPSS 16.0. All values are given as mean ± SD. A p value < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: There were 659 patients (70.7% Chinese, 19.7% Malays, 9.6% Indians) (343 males, 52.0%). Mean age was 54.2 ± 15.4 years (range 14-96) and mean body mass index (BMI) 26.2 ± 5.8 kg/m2 (range 14.7-52.7). Five hundred and thirty four patients (81.0%) had impaired glucose regulation (IGR) or diabetes. Patients of Indian ethnicity were diagnosed with diabetes and IGR at a significantly younger age than Chinese and Malay patients, and had higher fasting plasma glucose (FPG) (p = 0.02) and HbA1c (p = 0.04) than the Chinese majority (Table 1). (Table presented) Conclusion: Indian patients with risk factors for diabetes present at a younger age with more severe dysglycaemia compared with Chinese and Malay patients, despite no significant difference in BMI, and may need earlier screening. It is important to consider the racial disparities and differing risks of developing diabetes amongst different races when screening a high-risk multi-ethnic population.
Unfavourable cytokine profile and increase of oxidative stress during and after pregnancy in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background and aims: Although gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) may represent a transient form of a latent metabolic syndrome (MetS) that might become evident later, little evidence demonstrating an association between early cardiovascular disease (CVD) markers and GDM has been shown. The aim of the study was to identify the presence of early markers of metabolic and CVD, as proinflamatory cytokines and oxidative stress status, in patients with GDM during pregnancy and after delivery. Materials and methods: We performed a prospective case-control study within a sample of a total of 126 pregnant women (63 with GDM, 63 controls), reassessing with intrasubject analysis 41 women with a history of GDM (cases) and 21 controls, in the postpartum period. We analyzed demographic data, perinatal and obstetrics results and the levels of cytokines [measured in plasma using a commercial kit for multiplex analysis (Luminex® 100 LINCO plex Kit, St Louis, MO, EEUU)] and the markers of oxidative stress and antioxidants status [measured in serum or plasma using a commercial kit (Cayman Chemical, Ann Arbor, MI, USA)], during 24th and 29th week of gestation and twelve months after delivery. Results: In the univariate analysis, were found statistically significant differences in the pregestational body mass index (BMI) (p = 0.001), levels higher of TNF-α (p = 0.002), leptin (p = 0.001), lipoperoxides [LPO] (p = 0.04), and lower of adiponectin (p = 0.04), catalase (p = 0.04) and superoxide dismutase [SOD] (p = 0.001) between cases and controls. The cesarean rate was 40% in cases and 10% in controls (p = 0.001). Multivariate analysis that was performed using non-conditional logistic regression showed adiponectin and catalase having a protective effect against (OR=0.9, p=0.02, OR=0.39, p=0.006, respectively) and the BMI and LPO carried a significant risk for GDM (OR=8,4, p=0,01, OR=2.44, p=0.034, respectively). At 12 months postpartum, there were significant differences in BMI (p = 0.013), fasting glucose (p <0.001), glucose 120 min (p = 0.007), HOMA (p = 0.002), leptin (p = 0.023) and catalase (p = 0.01) between cases and controls. In the intrasubject analysis, fasting glucose and glucose 120 min levels decreased significantly in cases (p = 0.04) and controls (p <0.001), TNF-α levels significantly increased both in cases (p = 0.001) and controls (p = 0.001) as well as the LPO and catalase levels, which increased in cases (p = 0.001 and p = 0.001, respectively) and controls (p = 0.001 and P = 0.001 respectively). Conclusion: Women with GDM have more risk to have increased CVD markers, expressed at higher levels of TNF-α, LPO and lower of catalase and SOD. This unfavorable cytokine profile and increased oxidative stress, which remains in the postpartum period, evidence that women with a history of GDM have a permanent state of metabolic dysfunction that would make them more likely to develop DM2 and CVD in the future.
The effect on clinician practices of the initiation of a new management programme for diabetes in pregnancy; Background and aims: Following initial assessment of outcomes for women in our unit when NICE and ADIPS guidelines were instituted (reported at EASD 2010) we assessed what change if any had occurred in clinician management. Materials and methods: We reviewed and compared the actions of clinicians prior to (pre 2008 cohort) and after the institution of the above guidelines (2008-2009 cohort). This consisted of routine fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring at 36 weeks and growth ultrasounds at 28, 32 and 36 weeks gestation; insulin requiring women with unstable control were delivered at 39 weeks and those with optimal control were delivered at 40 weeks; and women with diet controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were delivered by 41 weeks. The latter were followed throughout pregnancy in a routine antenatal clinic with review by obstetricians, diabetes educators, and dieticians. From the OBSTETRIX database data were obtained from 7 October 2006 until 31 December 2009. Results: There were a total of 601 women; 211 women (pre new guidelines) and 390 in 2008-2009 (post new guidelines). The significant difference was that those women with insulin-controlled diabetes in pregnancy had a later gestation at delivery (P=0.036) showing that clinicians were undertaking a more conservative approach to induction of labour (IOL) in this group of women. There was a trend to a reduction in rates of IOL between the two groups 57% vs. 44% but this did not reach significance (P=0.059) and a trend to reduction in instrumental deliveries (P=0.055). As noted in our previous report the majority of women in the second cohort laboured spontaneously. There were no differences between the two groups in birth weights >4000g; or rates of shoulder dystocia, caesarean section, instrumental delivery, admissions to the nursery (NICU and SCN) and Apgar scores ≤7 between the two cohorts. Conclusion: The institution of the newer guidelines resulted in later delivery and IOL in the women requiring insulin. There were no increases in adverse outcomes with the change of management.
Can low dose spinal block with supplemented ilioinguinal blocks be a better alternative for cesarean section in critical obstetric cases? Our experinece of two cases; Case I: A thirty-five years old (G2P1) parturient presented for emergency cesarean section (CS) due to scar tenderness. Her pregnancywas complicated by peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) (already diagnosed in last pregnancy), gestational diabetes mellitus and nutritional anaemia. Her echocardiography confirmed the diagnosis. She was on standard anti-failure management for PPCM and insulin for diabetic control. Case II: A thirty-six years old unbooked Tanzanian parturient (G5P3) was scheduled for emergency CS for foetal bradycardia. Her indirect Coomb's test is positive (1 in 265 dilutions in 2004). She is a known case of rheumatic heart disease with severe AS confirmed by echocardiography but was asymptomatic.Perioperative management: In both the cases combined spinal epidural (CSE) anesthesia with low dose spinal block (5 mg of 0.5% hyperbaric bupivacaine and 25 Kg of fentanyl) and added bilateral ultrasound guided ilioinguinal nerve blocks (INB) were given to supplement skin incision. Epidural top ups were avoided to avoid undue hypotension. Patients were put on prophylactic non-invasive ventilation to prevent autotransfusion induced sudden pulmonary edema. In both the cases live crying babies were delivered with good Apgar score. Both the patients were shifted to ICU for postoperative monitoring and postoperative pain was managed with standard epidural infusion. Both the mothers had uneventful postoperative course. Conclusions: Low dose spinal anaesthesia with added bilateral INB with epidural catheter back up can be a excellent and safer alternative than CSE only in critical obstetric cases.
Acute ischaemic stroke in pregnancy: A rare and tragic event; Background and aims: Ischaemic stroke in pregnancy is a rare event. The incidence has been estimated to be 3.5 ischaemic strokes per 100 000 and maternal mortality has been reported in 0 % to 25 %. Methods: A 41-year-old woman at 37 weeks' gestation, morbidly obese (BMI: 35 Kg/m2), hypertensive, gestational diabetes, who presented headache, dysarthria and paresis of superior member for less than 24 h. US showed no fetal heartbeat and MRI revealed a recent ischemic lesion. Caesarean section with general anaesthesia was planned. Invasive pressure monitoring and aspiration prophylaxis were done. Rapid sequence induction was done with phentanyl (3Kg/kg), propofol (2 mg/kg) and rocuronium (1 mg/kg) and maintenance with propofol perfusion BIS guided. During intra-operative period hypertensive hemodynamic profile was observed and maintened (SBP 140-180 mmHg; DBP 90-110 mmHg). Postoperative period occurred without complications and patient recovered from motor deficits. Results: The complications of general anaesthesia in patients who had suffered a recent cerebrovascular event (CVE) is unknown. Secondary brain injury must be minimized in a brain whose autoregulation becomes mean arterial pressure dependent. Both elevated and low blood pressures are associated with poor outcome. A good analgesic control, normoxia, normocapnia and normoglycaemia are mandatory. Obese parturients are at increased risk of anesthesia-related complications. Predicted difficult intubation, aspiration risk and blood pressor response during laringoscopy are concerns. A neuroaxial technique was excluded because it could worsen the haemodynamic profile. Conclusions: further investigation must be done to study general anaesthesia and CVE.
Intracerebral hemorrhage (ich) during pregnancy and the puerperium; Introduction We report our single-site experience with ICH during pregnancy and the puerperium, to better understand risk factors and outcome. Methods We identified patients at our institution between 2006 and 2009 with pregnancy-related ICH not associated with aneurysm or AVM, and reviewed imaging, medical records and outcomes. Results 6 patients were identified, with a median age of 33 (range 25-38). 50% of the patients were primiparous. 4 patients developed ICH in the post-partum period, while 2 were peri-partum. 3 patients delivered vaginally, and all were singleton births. Interval from delivery to ICH ranged from 0 to 6 days. 3 pregnancies were complicated by hypertension or pre-eclampsia, and 2 developed gestational diabetes mellitus. 2 patients had no known risk factors for ICH nor any complications of pregnancy. Median systolic BP at presentation was 170 mmHg (range 150-180). Median GCS was 9 (range 3-15). ICH was lobar in 3 patients and deep in 3. Median ICH volume was 18 cc (range 7.5-30). One patient had extensive intraventricular hemorrhage, one had multifocal hemorrhage, and 3 had subarachnoid hemorrhage. One patient had MRI evidence of posterior reversible encephalopathy (PRES). Angiography was obtained in 4 patients, and vasospasm was present in 3, with 2 requiring endovascular therapy for delayed cerebral ischemia (range 2-14 days post bleed). 3 patients required external ventricular drainage, and 2 required surgical hematoma evacuation. 5 patients survived, and 3 made a good functional recovery. Post-mortem examination of the single deceased patient revealed no evidence of vasculopathy or abnormality in the brain. Conclusions Pregnancy-associated ICH generally occurs in the setting of elevated blood pressures, but patients may present with no previous history of hypertension or pre-eclampsia. Delayed cerebral ischemia with angiographic vasospasm mandates intensive neurologic monitoring. Outcomes in this population are frequently good, and aggressive neurologic intervention is warranted.
The importance of dysmorphology in the identification of new human teratogens; The vast majority of information regarding the teratogenicity of new drugs as well as others for which adequate information is not available comes from postmarketing studies. Evaluation by a dysmorphologist of babies prenatally exposed to a particular agent has played an incredibly important role in these studies. Most of the known human teratogens have been identified by the astute clinician approach which involves the observation, documentation, and delineation of individual cases who display a novel phenotype after a particularly rare prenatal exposure. Prospective cohort studies focused on the evaluation of prenatally exposed children who have been ascertained prospectively prior to the known outcome of pregnancy and evaluated by a dysmorphologist for patterns of minor and major malformations have been equally effective. Although most human teratogens have been identified using one of these two methods, both have limitations. The purpose of this study is to set forth the extent to which a careful physical examination performed by a dysmorphologist trained in the identification of minor structural defects in development has added to our knowledge of human teratology and has been instrumental in the identification of new human teratogens. Although dysmorphologists have had a profound impact on our understanding of human teratogens. It is important to recognize that the two approaches outlined in this study must be complemented by other methodologies, such as case-control studies, that more appropriately address risks for major malformations in order to gain the full picture necessary to effectively counsel women about safety of drugs during pregnancy. © 2011 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Neonatal hyperinsulinism secondary to maternal intake of high-sugar drinks; The authors report a macrosomic term male infant who developed refractory hyperinsulinism requiring 20 mg/kg/min intravenous dextrose (usual range 4-6 mg/kg/min) and treatment with diazoxide 10 mg/kg/day. His blood insulin level at 6 h of age was 22.3 mU/l (reference range <5 mU/l) with corresponding laboratory blood glucose of 0.3 mmol/l. There was no detected maternal diabetes but the mother revealed she drank 2 l of 'lucozade energy' a day in the past 3 months of pregnancy. The hyperinsulinism resolved by day 7. Transient neonatal hyperinsulinism is known to be associated with maternal diabetes but has not previously been reported as secondary to high maternal sugar intake. This case highlights that significant hypoglycaemia secondary to transient hyperinsulinism can occur in infants of mothers without identified diabetes. Copyright 2011 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Partial exchange transfusion for polycythemia hyperviscosity syndrome; The objective of this study was to examine the use of partial exchange transfusion (PET) performed for polycythemia hyperviscosity syndrome (PHS) over time. A retrospective review of 141 infants who received a PET for PHS at YaleNew Haven Hospital between 1986 and 2007 was performed, querying maternal and neonatal medical records. Patient demographics, risk factors for PHS, indications for PET, and complications associated with PET and PHS were collected. Overall, there was no change in the number of PET performed over the study period (r2=0.082, p=0.192). Eighty-eight percent of patients had at least one risk factor for PHS, most commonly maternal diabetes. Over time, there was a statistically significant decrease in maternal diabetes as a risk factor for PHS. Forty percent of patients had a significant complication attributed to PHS prior to PET. Eighteen percent of patients had a complication attributed to PET. Life-threatening complications of PHS or PET were rare. In conclusion, PHS continues to be a problem observed in neonatal intensive care units, particularly in at-risk populations. PHS and PET are associated with significant complications. Well-designed studies with l ong-term follow up are needed to assess the risks and benefits of PET for PHS. © 2011 by ThiemeMedical Publishers, Inc.
Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) as a new biomarker for non - acute kidney injury (AKI) diseases; Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin, or NGAL, an acute phase protein, is part of the lipocalin family. NGAL is highly induced in inflammatory conditions and ischemia, and is a critical component of innate immunity to bacterial infection. Recently, NGAL has been proven as an emerging biomarker for predicting acute kidney injury (AKI). Meanwhile, numerous studies have also demonstrated that NGAL may be a potential biomarker for the diagnosis, prediction, prevention, and prognosis of non-AKI diseases such as chronic kidney diseases, vascular disorders, cancer, preeclampsia, and allergies. This article systematically reviews the clinical utilities of NGAL as a new biomarker for non - AKI diseases. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Myocardial function in offspring 5-8years after pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia; Preeclampsia and diabetic pregnancies share pathophysiological features suggested to influence epigenetic changes during foetal life with importance for later development and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. Aim: Our objective was to study the myocardium in offspring after pregnancy complications. Methods: Forty-five children (age 5-8. years) delivered from pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia (n = 25), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n = 8) or gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) were included. Fifteen children from uneventful pregnancies served as controls. Myocardial functions of right and left ventricle were examined by conventional Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI). Results: No major differences were found in the myocardial function between offspring of pregnancy complications and control group. However, the preeclampsia group had smaller hearts, increased heart rate and increased late diastolic velocity (A'-wave) at mitral valve attachments shown by both pulsed wave and colour TDI compared to the control and diabetic groups together (p ≤ 0.01). Conclusion: Children born after preeclampsia may show effects of a negative impact on the heart already at the age of 5 to 8. years. The numbers of examined children were, however, limited. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Review on monogenic diabetes; Purpose of Review: The goal of this review is to provide an update on the different forms of monogenic diabetes, including maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) and neonatal diabetes (permanent and transient neonatal diabetes). Recent Findings: Monogenic diabetes accounts for approximately 1-2% of diabetes cases and results from mutations that primarily reduce β-cell function. Individuals with islet autoantibody negative youth-onset forms of diabetes should be evaluated for either glucokinase-MODY or transcription factors MODY. The mild-fasting hyperglycemia found in glucokinase-MODY typically does not necessitate pharmacological treatment, whereas patients with MODY caused by transcription factor mutations can often be successfully treated with low-dose sulfonylurea. Neonatal diabetes is defined as diabetes onset within the first 6 months of life and most individuals with permanent neonatal diabetes can be treated with high-dose sulfonylurea. Summary: The discovery of the genetic cause of monogenic diabetes has greatly advanced our understanding and management of these uncommon forms of diabetes. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Should living kidney donor candidates with impaired fasting glucose donate?; As the kidney transplant waiting list grows, the willingness of transplant centers to accept complex donors increases. Guidelines for the evaluation of living kidney donors exist but do not provide clear guidance when evaluating the complex donor. Although few transplant centers will approve donor candidates with impaired glucose tolerance and most, if not all, will deny candidates with diabetes, many will approve candidates with impaired fasting glucose (IFG). Furthermore, the demographic of living donors has changed in the past 10 years to increasingly include more nonwhite and Hispanic individuals who are at greater risk for future diabetes and hypertension. IFG may be more of a concern in potential donors whose nonwhite and Hispanic ethnicity already places them at greater risk. We review the definition of diabetes, diabetes prediction tools, and transplant guidelines for donor screening and exclusion as it pertains to impaired glucose metabolism, and additional ethnic and nonethnic factors to consider. We offer an algorithm to aid in evaluation of potential living donors with IFG in which ethnicity, age, and features of the metabolic syndrome play a role in the decision making. © 2011 by the American Society of Nephrology.
Epigenetic epidemiology: The rebirth of soft inheritance; Non-communicable diseases (NCDs), such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes, constitute the main cause of death worldwide. Eighty percent of these deaths occur in low- and middle-income countries, especially as these countries undergo socio-economic improvement following reductions in the burden of infectious disease. The World Health Organization predicts a substantial increase in the incidence of NCDs over the next decade globally. NCDs are generally preventable, but current approaches are clearly inadequate. New initiatives are needed to implement such prevention, and there needs to be greater recognition that early-life interventions are likely to be the most efficacious. Devising appropriate prevention strategies necessitates an understanding of how the developmental environment influences risk. Progress in this field has been slow due to an excessive emphasis on fixed genomic variations (hard inheritance) as the major determinants of disease susceptibility. However, new evidence demonstrates the much greater importance of early-life developmental factors, involving epigenetic processes and 'soft' inheritance in modulating an individual's vulnerability to NCD. This also offers opportunities for novel epigenetic biomarkers of risk or interventions targeting epigenetic pathways to be devised for use in early life. This may pave the way to much more effective, customised interventions to promote health across the life course. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Complications of pregnancy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common hormonal disorder affecting around 5-8% of women of reproductive age. It has a variable clinical spectrum including hyperandrogenism, menstrual abnormalities, polycystic ovaries and metabolic features like diabetes mellitus, obesity and dyslipidaemia. The manifestation of PCOS and its impact especially on reproductive function and pregnancy are profoundly affected by associated features of obesity/raised body mass index and metabolic syndrome. © Cambridge University Press 2011.
Increased fat mass and cardiac septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled diabetes during pregnancy; Background: Improved glycaemic control during pregnancy in mothers with type 1 diabetes (T1DM) and gestational diabetes (GDM) has resulted in a marked reduction of perinatal mortality and morbidity, but the prevalence of macrosomia is usually high. Objective: We used non-invasive anthropometric methods to estimate the body composition and the thickness of the interventricular heart septum in 18 infants of mothers with well-controlled T1DM, 10 infants of mothers with GDM and 28 infants of healthy control mothers matched for gestational age and mode of delivery. Methods: Skinfold measurements were obtained with a Harpenden calliper within 48 h after delivery. Echocardiography was also performed to measure the thickness of the interventricular septum. Cord blood was sampled for assays of C-peptide, leptin and IGF-I. Results: The rates of macrosomia (gestational age-adjusted birth weight >2 standard deviation score, SDS) were 56 and 30% in infants of mothers with T1DM and GDM, respectively, compared to 10% in control infants. The body fat content was 40% (0.2 kg) higher and the interventricular heart septum thickness was increased by 20% in both groups of infants of diabetic mothers. We found no associations between maternal levels of HbA1c during pregnancy and body composition or interventricular heart septum thickness. Cord levels of C-peptide and leptin were significantly higher in infants of T1DM mothers than in control infants. Cord leptin level was associated with birth weight SDS and percent body fat in infants of T1DM mothers. IGF-I was associated with percent body fat in infants of GDM mothers and control mothers. A multiple-regression analysis showed that 50% of the variation in body weight SDS could be determined, with IGF-I, leptin and C-peptide as independent variables. Conclusion: Both fat mass and cardiac septal thickness are increased in newborn infants of women with T1DM and GDM in spite of efforts to achieve good glycaemic control during pregnancy. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Programming of adult cardiovascular disease following exposure to late-gestation hyperglycemia; Background: In utero exposure to hyperglycemia is becoming increasingly prevalent as the number of women entering pregnancy with type II diabetes, or developing gestational diabetes, increases. Both animal studies and epidemiologic investigations have found cardiovascular abnormalities in adult offspring of hyperglycemic mothers (OHM). Objective: We hypothesized that adult OHM would have abnormal cardiac function in vivo and increased susceptibility to ischemia. Methods: Pregnant rats were made diabetic on day 12 of gestation. Serum glucose was monitored twice daily and insulin provided to maintain serum glucose at 200-400 mg/dl. Offspring were fostered to normal mothers after birth. Adult OHM were studied at 8-10 months of age with echocardiography to assess in vivo cardiac function and isolated hearts to determine the response to ischemia. Results: Echocardiography found significant diastolic dysfunction in male OHM compared to male controls. In isolated hearts, baseline cardiac function and left ventricular compliance was significantly diminished in male OHM compared to controls. Ischemia caused a significant decline in heart function in controls and female OHM, while function in male OHM remained unchanged. Conclusions: Adult male OHM demonstrate programmed cardiac dysfunction. Given the growing number of pregnancies complicated by hyperglycemia, additional assessment of cardiac function of adults born to diabetic mothers may be warranted. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Acute hypopituitarism in a pregnant patient after cardiac gunshot injury; Sheehan's syndrome is a well described entity that refers to hypopituitarism with pituitary infarction secondary to postpartum shock or hemorrhage. Antepartum pituitary infarction is a very rare condition that has been reported only in patients with longstanding type 1 diabetes mellitus or uncontrolled gestational diabetes. A case of severe, acute hypopituitarism in the setting of hemorrhagic shock from a gunshot wound is presented. Our case report highlights the importance of including hypopituitarism in the differential diagnosis of a critically ill parturient. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Metabolic imprinting by prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal overnutrition: A review; Epidemiological studies have suggested that metabolic programming is one of the critical factors contributing to the etiology of obesity as well as concurrent increase in related chronic diseases (e.g., type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease). Metabolic programming is the phenomenon whereby a nutritional stress/stimulus applied during critical periods of early development permanently alters an organism's physiology and metabolism, the consequences of which are often observed much later in life. The idea of metabolic programming originated from the fetal origins hypothesis proposed by Barker in which he suggested that disproportionate size at birth of the newborn due to an adverse intrauterine environment correlated well with an increased risk of adult-onset ill health outcomes (type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease). The fetal origins hypothesis, proposed by Barker, suggests that adequate nutrition during fetal development is critical. Overnutrition is a form of malnutrition that has increased in the United States over the past several decades in which nutrients are oversupplied relative to the amounts required for normal growth, development, and metabolism. Evidence for the effects of maternal obesity and overnutrition on metabolic programming is reviewed during critical prenatal, perinatal, and postnatal periods. Copyright © 2011 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Frequency of various neonatal complications in infants born to diabetic mothers - A hospital base study; Objective: To determine the frequency of various complications occurring in infants of diabetic mothers. Methodology: This descriptive study was conducted in the neonatal unit and obstetric units of Lady Reading Hospital, Peshawar from January to July 2010. Forty two consecutive cases of infants of diabetic mothers were enrolled in the study. Maternal history especially obstetric history and history regarding diabetes mellitus was obtained and complete neonatal examination was performed. The physical findings and anthropometric measurements were recorded into a printed Proforma. Serum glucose, serum calcium, hematocrit and echocardiography was performed in all enrolled babies. Results: Out of 42 diabetic mothers, gestation diabetes was seen in 71.4% while pre-conceptional diabetes was seen in 28.5%. The male Infants of Diabetic Mothers in this study were 69%. Infant of Diabetic Mothers delivered by C-section were 45%. Macrosomia 40.4% (n=42) was found to be the most common complication followed by hypoglycaemia 23.8%. The mortality rate in our study was 4.7% (n=2). Conclusion: This study confirms the high occurrence of complications in newborns, born to diabetic mothers. Large for gestational age and hypoglycemia were the commonest complications.
Echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies among fetuses of diabetic pregnant women and their relationship with plasma fructosamine levels; Objective. To study the occurrence of congenital cardiopathies at echocardiography (CCE) in fetuses whose mothers had preexisting diabetes mellitus (PGDM) and to study the potential of using fructosamine level as a late marker (beyond the first trimester) for CCE. Methods. A register study covering 91 pregnant women that underwent routine fetal echocardiography ordered due to PGDM. The first dosage of plasma fructosamine found in 65 medical records was analyzed during prenatal care (20.4 ± 8.0 weeks of gestation). The presence or absence of structural or functional CCE was associated with fructosamine levels by logistic regression. We assessed the effect modification odds ratio by maternal age and insulin usage. Results. Thirty-four fetuses (52.3% of 65 fetuses) presented CCE. Twenty of them had functional CCE and 14 presented structural CCE. The mean maternal plasma fructosamine level was higher among pregnant women whose fetuses presented CCE than in those whose fetuses did not (2.86 ± 0.73 mmol/l, 2.22 ± 0.54 mmol/l, respectively, p < 0.0001). Crude OR for CCE and abnormal plasma fructosamine (>2.68 mmol/l) was 9.6 (2.8-33.7, 95% CI, p < 0.0001). Adjusted OR by maternal age and insulin usage was 10.9 (2.7-45.2, 95% CI p < 0.0001). Conclusions. An abnormal plasma fructosamine level increases the chances of CCE occurring among referral pregnant women with PGDM. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Frequency of various neonatal complications in infants born to diabetic mothers - a hospital base study; Objective: To determine the frequency of various complications occurring in infants of diabetic mothers. Methodology: This descriptive study was conducted in the neonatal unit and obstetric units of Lady Reading Hospital, Peshawar from January to July 2010. Forty two consecutive cases of infants of diabetic mothers were enrolled in the study. Maternal history especially obstetric history and history regarding diabetes mellitus was obtained and complete neonatal examination was performed. The physical findings and anthropometric measurements were recorded into a printed Proforma. Serum glucose, serum calcium, hematocrit and echocardiography was performed in all enrolled babies. Results: Out of 42 diabetic mothers, gestation diabetes was seen in 71.4% while pre-conceptional diabetes was seen in 28.5%. The male Infants of Diabetic Mothers in this study were 69%. Infant of Diabetic Mothers delivered by C-section were 45%. Macrosomia 40.4% (n=42) was found to be the most common complication followed by hypoglycaemia 23.8%. The mortality rate in our study was 4.7% (n=2). Conclusion: This study confirms the high occurrence of complications in newborns, born to diabetic mothers. Large for gestational age and hypoglycemia were the commonest complications.
Anesthesia and analgesia-related preferences and outcomes of women who have birth plans; Introduction: This study described anesthesia and analgesia-related preferences and outcomes of women who used a birth plan for labor and birth. Methods: A prospective cohort study was conducted (N = 63). Data were abstracted from medical records, birth plans, and a follow-up survey. Descriptive statistics were used for analysis. Results: Women who elected birth plans were primarily white, college-educated, primigravida, and under the care of a certified nurse-midwife. One-third of births were induced, 10% required instrumentation, and 29% were cesarean births. Nearly every birth was associated with at least 1 labor and birth complication, although most complications were minor. Analgesic preferences were reported to be the most important birth plan request. Greater than 50% of women requested to avoid epidural analgesia; however, 65% of women received epidural analgesia. On follow-up, greater than 90% of women who received epidural analgesia reported being pleased. The majority of women agreed that the birth plan enhanced their birth experiences, added control, clarified their thoughts, and improved communication with their health care providers. Discussion: Anesthesia and analgesia-related preferences were an important component of the birth plans. The majority of women favorably viewed the use of a birth plan, whether or not preferences were fulfilled or complications occurred. © 2011 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) and ST-analysis of labor in diabetic patients; Aim: To determine the prevalence and types of intrapartum cardiotocography (CTG) patterns and investigate their relationship to moderate acidemia in term fetuses of diabetic mothers. Also, to assess if the combination of fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) and those CTG patterns strengthens the association with moderate acidemia. Material and methods: The material for this study is obtained from the Swedish randomized control trial and the European Union ST-analysis trial. We developed an analytical model for CTG patterns based on the progress in CTG changes, in a longitudinal periodic manner. The model was then combined with information regarding changes in ST interval that indicate threatening asphyxia, and the findings were analyzed to determine correlation with the presence of moderate acidemia at birth. Results: This study involved data of 413 diabetic mothers. A preterminal CTG was more common in the diabetes mellitus (DM) group (6/70, 8.6%) than in the gestational diabetes (GD) group (3/307, 1.0%; P=0.003). For diabetic mothers (i.e., DM+GD) with a normal CTG at the start of monitoring, the presence of FECG data indicating asphyxia significantly increased the likelihood of an umbilical artery pH<7.15 at birth [odds ratio (OR)=3.65, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.33-10.05]. Among labors where the CTG was non-reassuring at the start of monitoring, no significant association was found between pH<7.15 and indication to intervene according to FECG information (OR=1.51, 95% CI=0.33-7.0). Conclusions: A preterminal CTG is more common in the fetuses of DM than GD mothers during labor. When CTG was normal at the start of recording, the addition of FECG information gave a significant add on information to predict moderate acidemia. © 2011 by Walter de Gruyter Berlin Boston.
How to stay heart healthy in 2011: Considerations for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; More women die of cardiovascular disease than any other cause. Effective primary prevention depends on accurate assessment of risk status. While most risk factors are similar for men and women, risk factors may differ in magnitude between the sexes, and recognition of gender-specific risk factors such as gestational diabetes, hypertensive syndromes of pregnancy and polycystic ovarian syndrome provides opportunities for early intervention and prevention. Obesity, hypertension and hyperlipidemia affect both genders; however, women often postpone addressing these risk factors until later in life. The American Heart Association emphasizes that all women are at cardiovascular risk and should maintain a healthy lifestyle and avoid smoking. Blood pressure, hyperlipidemia and diabetes should be aggressively treated. Current available data regarding proposed preventive drug therapies including daily aspirin, HRT, vitamin D and omega-3 fatty acid supplements will be reviewed. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients: Effects on mother and newborn; Introduction: Pregnancy is currently considered yet another benefit of kidney transplantation, though doubts still exist concerning the effects of transplantation on the mother and the fetus. Materials and methods: We undertook a retrospective study analyzing 24 pregnancies in 20 kidney transplant recipients between 1986 and 2010. Evaluation was made of different variables related to renal function, both during the pregnancy and afterward, as well as other factors related to the birth and the status of the newborn. Results: The mean age of the kidney transplant recipients was 29 ± 5 years, and the mean time since transplantation was 4.5 years (range = 0.812). At the time of pregnancy, the glomerular filtration rate was 59 ± 15 mL/min. Twelve recipients had well-controlled hypertension; none had proteinuria. Renal function and proteinuria remained stable during the pregnancy. There was a significant increase in blood pressure at the end of the pregnancy. It was necessary to raise the dose of calcineurin inhibitor to maintain target levels. No acute rejection episode was observed. One patient had gestational diabetes and two showed preeclampsia. Pregnancy reached term in 20 cases; there were four miscarriages. Delivery was at 36.9 weeks (range = 3441) and the newborn weight, 2.7 kg (range = 1.53.6). One patient had a miscarriage at week 22 and succumbed due to a cardiac arrest during induction of the delivery. Eighteen babies were born healthy; two died. Conclusions: Pregnancy in kidney transplant recipients is safe if the renal function is adequate before the pregnancy without proteinuria but with a well-controlled blood pressure. In these cases, the maternal complications were similar to those among general population; we detected no increased risk of graft loss. © 2011 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Risk factors predisposing to congenital heart defects; Congenital heart disease (CHD) is associated with multiple risk factors, consanguinity may be one such significant factor. The role of consanguinity in the etiology of CHD is supported by inbreeding studies, which demonstrate an autosomal recessive pattern of inheritance of some congenital heart defects. This study was done to find out the risk factors for CHD. Methods: A case-control study was done on pediatric patients at a tertiary care hospital, Aga Khan University Hospital, located in Karachi, Pakistan. A total of 500 patients, 250 cases and 250 controls were included in the study. Results: Amongst the 250 cases (i.e. those diagnosed with CHD), 122 patients (48.8%) were born of consanguineous marriages while in the controls (i.e. non-CHD) only 72 patients (28.9%) showed a consanguinity amongst parents. On multivariate analysis, consanguinity emerged as an independent risk factor for CHD; adjusted odds ratio 2.59 (95% C. I. 1.73 - 3.87). Other risk factors included low birth weight, maternal co-morbidities, family history of CHD and first born child. On the other hand, medications used by the mother during the index pregnancy, maternal age and gender of the child did not significantly increase the risk of developing CHD. Conclusions: Analyses of our results show that parental consanguinity, family history of CHD, maternal co-morbidities, first born child and low birth weight are independent risk factors for CHD.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: Taking it to heart; Globally, cardiovascular disease (CVD) accounts for 1/3 of all deaths to women. While much research identifies the increased risk in CVD associated with pre-diabetes measurements, there is growing interest in the role of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM)-a condition of glucose intolerance diagnosed during pregnancy-as a potential CVD risk factor. This article reviews existing evidence supporting this association, particularly regarding GDM and type 2 diabetes, hypertension, atherogenic dyslipedmia, and CVD events. Finally, it discusses the research and clinical ramifications of identifying GDM as a CVD risk factor, highlighting the need for more rigorous research on this topic. © 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Is there any cardiovascular effect of carbetocin utilization that might prevent its use in preeclampsia? A TVR and CO study; Objective: This study compares the hemodynamic changes, measured non invasively using the USCOM monitor, after the combined spino-epidural anesthesia and after the administration of two different uterotonic drugs, oxytocin and carbetocin, in a population of pregnant women during elective caesarean delivery. Materials and methods: A prospective observational study was conducted. The conditions of hemorrhagic risk considered were: twin pregnancy, placenta praevia, 2 or more previous CS, presence of multiple myomas, fetal macrosomia, previous atony or uterine rupture. The patients were divided in two groups: group A, who were given oxytocin and group B, which was administered carbetocin. The attribution to the two groups was made randomly. The hemodynamic measurements were obtained with USCOM system by positioning the probe at the level of maternal jugular until is optimally identified the profile of aortic flow. Evaluations of the hemodynamic profile was obtained in 7 different times: before the CSE in left tilt recumbent position; during the skin incision; 60, 180 and 300 s after administration of uterotonic drug, at the closure of the uterus, at the closure of the skin. The doses of uterotonic drugs were: Oxytocin V UI in 500 cc NaCl ev, Carbetocin 100 mcg in bolus ev. The main measured parameters are: heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac output, total vascular resistance. The data were analyzed by Student t-test for p < 0.05. Results: We enrolled 30 pregnant women divided in two groups, each of 15 women. 6 patients were excluded for the impossibility in obtaining a good signal. Results can be found in the following graphs. Our results show an increase in the heart rate (average 6 ± 2 bpm) in group B, which however doesn't show any statistical significance. The study shows a reduction in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure, a reduction of the total vascular resistance and a maintenance of cardiac output compared to pre-anesthesia. Discussion: The decrease in systolic and diastolic pressures is attributable to a decrease in TVR, which, in presence of a preserved CO, is associated with improved uteroplacental perfusion. The administration of carbetocin is associated with a substantial global hemodynamic stability in patients undergoing elective CS, preserving uteroplacental blood flow. This observation allow us to consider carbetocin comparable to the oxytocin, with an high therapeutic potential, by combining a more rapid and longer action than oxytocin, and a minimum hemodynamic impact on the maternal circulation. This minimal effect on global hemodynamic stabil- ity could extend the use of this uterotonic drug safely in patient with preeclampsia.
HELLP syndrome-statistic of the department; Introduction: HELLP syndrome is a severe and life-threatening complication of pregnancywith typical laboratory findings. Sibai et al., established laboratory criteria for the diagnosis: hemolysis by an abnormal peripheral smear, elevated bilirubin 1.2mg/dL, or elevated lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) >600 U/L; elevated liver enzymes by an AST >70 IU/L and LDH >600 U/ L; and low platelets (defined as <100.000/mm3). Objectives: To evaluate the statistics of HELLP syndrome from 2000-2009 in our obstetrics department. Methods: Retrospective study between January 2000 and December 2009. Results: HELLP syndrome was present in 65 cases; corresponding to 84.6% of the cases before delivery and 15.4% post-partum. The mean age was 28.5 ±4.538 [17-39] years old, with a mean gestational age of 32 weeks. The nulliparous' percentage was 64.6%. In previous pregnancies, 2 women had presented HELLP syndrome, 1 gestational hypertension, 1 preeclampsia, 1 preterm delivery and 1 intrauterine fetal death. Twenty percent of the women developed pregnancy hypertension, 4% preeclampsia and Intrauterine Growth Restriction (IUGR) and in 3% gestational diabetes. The average hospitalization-delivery time was 1,88 ± 287 [0-15] days and in 46% of the cases was less than 24 h. Dexamethasone was administrated in 44% and 48% took antihypertensive medication. In 94% the mode of delivery was caesarean section, with 2 stillbirths and 2 perinatal deaths. Eighty four percent of the newborn were admitted into the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. There were 6.25% admissions in the Intensive Care Unit complicated by subcapsular hematoma in 3% and acute edema of the lung in 3%. The histological study of the placenta revealed chronic utero-placental ischemia in 65% of the cases. Comments: HELLP syndrome complicated 0.2% of the pregnancies, worsening maternal prognosis and perinatal outcomes.
Increased maternal growth-differentiation factor-15 in preeclampsia does not predict endothelial function 5-8 years postpartum; Objective: In preeclamptic and diabetic pregnancies, circulating maternal concentrations of the cardiovascular biomarker growth-differentiation factor-15 (GDF-15) are increased. As women with preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus have an increased risk for cardiovascular disease later in life, we explored circulating GDF-15 and endothelial function 5-8 years postpartum. Methods: Maternal plasma (n = 55; controls n = 15, preeclampsia n = 22, type 1 diabetes mellitus n = 8, gestational diabetes mellitus n = 10) collected 5-8 years after index pregnancy was analyzed by immunoradiometric assay for GDF-15 and endothelial function was measured non-invasively (as reactive hyperemia index, RHI). Maternal GDF-15 concentrations during pregnancy from 45 of these women were available for comparison. Results: Median maternal plasma GDF-15 concentration was significantly lower in all study groups 5-8 years after pregnancy as compared to GDF-15 concentration during pregnancy (all P 0.02). Median maternal GDF-15 concentration 5-8 years after pregnancy did not differ significantly between study groups. Neither maternal GDF-15 concentration during the affected pregnancy, nor postpartum GDF-15 concentrations correlated with RHI 5-8 years postpartum. Conclusion: Maternal GDF-15 levels were lower 5-8 years postpartum in all study groups as compared to pregnancy. In contrast to pregnancy, there were no differences in median circulating GDF-15 concentrations between study groups (formerly preeclamptic and diabetic mothers compared to those who had been healthy during pregnancy). GDF-15 in pregnancy did not predict endothelial function 5-8 years postpartum in our small cohort. Further studies are needed to elucidate whether elevated maternal GDF-15 in pregnancy could serve as a biomarker for targeting women with increased risk of future cardiovascular disease.
Do circulating angiogenic factors in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus predict angiogenic factors and endothelial function postpartum?; Objectives: Preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus (DM) are associated with augmented long-term risk for cardiovascular disease. Pregnant women with DM are prone to preeclampsia development. A dysregulated circulating angiogenic response has been observed in preeclampsia, but the circulating angiogenic profile during and following diabetic pregnancies is less investigated. Our aim was therefore to explore whether circulating angiogenic biomarkers differ between diabetic pregnancies and healthy control pregnancies in third trimester and 5-8 years postpartum. Additionally, endothelial function was evaluated in the post partum follow-up. Materials and methods: Plasma from third trimester pregnancy was analyzed for soluble endoglin (sEng), soluble fmslike tyrosine kinase-1 (sFlt1) and placental growth factor (PIGF) by immunoassay in women with type 1 diabetes (DM1; n = 53), gestational diabetes (GMD; n = 60) and uncomplicated pregnancies (controls; n = 56), as well as in a small cohort of these women 5-8 years after delivery (controls; n = 15; DM1; n = 7; GMD; n = 10). Endothelial function was also measured 5-8 years postpartum. Results: In pregnancy: Median PIGF was elevated in GDM vs control (199 vs 160 pg/ml, P = 0.03). In women with DM1 and third trimester HbA1c above 6%, sEng was significantly elevated compared to DM1 women with HbA1c below 6% and compared to uncomplicated pregnancy (28.2 vs 17.6 and 15.7 ng/ml, P = 0,001 and P < .001 respectively). In women with DM1, third trimester HbA1c also correlated positively with sFlt1 and negatively with PIGF. 5-8 years after index pregnancy: The majotity of the women had PIGF concentration below detection limit. Mean sFlt1 was elevated in DM1 compared to controls (85.2 vs 70.9 pg/ml, P = .02), whereas no difference was seen for sEng or endothelial function between GDM or DM1 vs controls. Conclusion: Our results point towards an anti-angiogenic response in women with DM1 and less tight blood sugar control during third trimester pregnancy, persisting postpartum.
Women's diabetic and cardiovascular risks with GDM during pregnancy-A follow up of HAPO study; Chinese women who had participated in the HAPO study between 2001 and 2006 in Hong Kong were followed up at a median of 6 years postpartum. Our objective is to study whether women who have been diagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) according to the new HAPO criteria have a higher risk in DM, hypertension, dyslipidemia & arterial stiffness than women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy. All patient underwent anthropometric & BP measurements and investigated on fasting lipid profile and 75 gram OGTT. Augmentation index (AI) and pulse wave velocity (PWV) were assessed by using SphygmoCor®PVx. A total of 353 women (286 NGT, 67 GDM) were followed up up till mid-2010 and an interim analysis was performed. Women with GDM had a higher rate of DM [3%(3/67) vs 0.7% (2/286)] and Impaired glucose regulation (IGR) [31.3%(21/67) vs 11.5%(33/286)] (p<0.001), higher total cholesterol (5.1±0.9 vs 4.8±0.8 mmol/L, p=0.002) & triglyceride levels (3.0±0.8 vs 2.8±0.8 mmol/L, p=0.009). Although there was no significant difference in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, the augmentation index was higher in women with history of GDM (22.6±8.7 vs 18.9±8.5%, p=0.002). In conclusion, our findings suggest a 4 and 3-fold increase in the risk of DM and IGR in women with GDM. It also suggest that they might have higher risk of subclinical atherosclerosis despite the blood pressure may appear normal at the follow up.(Table persented).
Angiogenin is not increased in patients with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a translational state of increased insulin resistance and accelerated atherosclerosis. Since angiogenin -an important growth factor involved in angiogenesis - is reduced in type 2 diabetes we were interested if alterations of angiogenin are already present in GDM and related to glucose metabolism and glycemic control. We performed a cross-sectional and a longitudinal study, in which 35 patients with GDM (BMI 28.0± 5.7 kg/m2, mean age 33±4 years) as well as 10 pregnant women without GDM (NGDM, BMI 28.7± 4.4 kg/m2, mean age 31±5 years) were included and compared with 10 non-pregnant healthy controls (CO, BMI 24.1± 4.6 kg/m2, mean age 35±10 years). An oral glucose tolerance test (75g) and HOMA insulin resistance were assessed at 28 weeks of gestation as well as 8 weeks postpartum. Blood samples for angiogenin were obtained at the same time points and were determined by an ELISA. Angiogenin levels in GDM during pregnancy did not differ significantly from CO (722±142 vs 697±132 ng/ml). In addition, there was no difference in angiogenin between GDM and NGDM (722±142 vs 706±189 ng/ml). In the GDM patients as well as in the NGDM patients only small changes of angiogenin levels were obtained postpartum (GDM:710±152 ng/ml; NGDM: 737±127 ng/ml). During pregnancy patients with GDM and NGDM differed significantly in glucose 1 hour (187±30 vs 125±31 mg/dl; p<0.001) and 2 hours after the oral glucose load (153±31vs 109±24 mg/dl; p<0.001), but no correlation between angiogenin and glucose levels or HOMA insulin resistance was obtained. Angiogenin levels were not different among pregnant women presenting with or without gestational diabetes and were similar as in healthy nonpregnant women. These findings indicate that angiogenesis - as evaluated by angiogenin levels - is not altered in patients gestational diabetes, a mild form of mainly postprandial diabetes.
Risk of hypertension after the gestational diabetes: Findings from a large multi-ethnicity cohort study in louisiana; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) was associated with an increased risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. However, it is unknown whether a history of GDM increases the risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy. The objective of this study was to examine the association between the history of GDM and the risk of incident hypertension among 26,749 women from a large hospital cohort in Louisiana. Of them, 27.6% were non-Hispanic white, 62.8% were African Americans and 9.6% were other race. Women were excluded from the current analyses if they had diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease (CHD), or stoke before the diagnosis of GDM. Follow-up of each woman continued until the date of the diagnosis of hypertension, or June 30, 2010. Women were also excluded during the follow-up if they developed any cardiovascular event before the diagnosis of hypertension. Cox proportional hazard regression model was applied to estimate the hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for development of hypertension with controlling for potential confounders. We identified 1,514 (4.0%) women with a history of GDM (ICD-9: 648.8). During a median follow-up of 6.3 years, there were 4,522 (19.0%) incident cases of hypertension in the non-GDM group and 524 cases in the GDM group (34.6%). GDM was associated with an increased risk of hypertension in both age- and multivariate-adjusted models. After adjustment for age, race, income, smoking and body mass index (BMI), women with a history of GDM had a HR of 1.67 (95% CI: 1.53, 1.84; P < 0.0001) compared to women without GDM. Stratified analyses based on women's race (whites and African Americans) and BMI status (normal weight, overweight, and obese) yield similar results. Additional adjustment for having diabetes before the diagnosis of hypertension slightly attenuated the association but remained statistically significant (HR: 1.53; 95% CI: 1.39, 1.68; P < 0.0001). Results from this large multi-ethnicity cohort study indicate that women with a history of GDM have an elevated risk of developing hypertension in later life compared to women without GDM.
Primiparity at very advanced maternal age (≥45 years); This study describes maternal and birth outcomes of primiparae aged ≥45. High rates of pregnancy complications and poor birth outcomes were found, stressing that the personal risks and ramifications to the health system should be taken into account in establishing obstetric health policy regarding primiparity at advanced maternal age. © 2011 by American Society for Reproductive Medicine.
Physical activity, sedentary behaviors, and estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion in pregnant and non-pregnant women; Background: Overweight and obesity during pregnancy raise the risk of gestational diabetes and birth complications. Lifestyle factors like physical activity may decrease these risks through beneficial effects on glucose homeostasis. Here we examined physical activity patterns and their relationships with measures of glucose homeostasis in late pregnancy compared to non-pregnant women.Methods: Normal weight and overweight women without diabetes (N = 108; aged 25-35 years) were studied; 35 were pregnant (in gestational weeks 28-32) and 73 were non-pregnant.Insulin sensitivity and β-cell response were estimated from an oral glucose tolerance test. Physical activity was measured during 10-days of free-living using a combined heart rate sensor and accelerometer. Total (TEE), resting (REE), and physical activity (PAEE) energy expenditure were measured using doubly-labeled water and expired gas indirect calorimetry.Results: Total activity was associated with reduced first-phase insulin response in both pregnant (Regression r2 = 0.11; Spearman r = -0.47; p = 0.007) and non-pregnant women (Regression r2 = 0.11 Spearman; r = -0.36; p = 0.002). Relative to non-pregnant women, pregnant women were estimated to have secreted 67% more insulin and had 10% lower fasting glucose than non-pregnant women. Pregnant women spent 13% more time sedentary, 71% less time in moderate-to-vigorous intensity activity, had 44% lower objectively measured total activity, and 12% lower PAEE than non-pregnant women. Correlations did not differ significantly for any comparison between physical activity subcomponents and measures of insulin sensitivity or secretion.Conclusions: Our findings suggest that physical activity conveys similar benefits on glucose homeostasis in pregnant and non-pregnant women, despite differences in subcomponents of physical activity. © 2011 Gradmark et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Late pregnancy complications can affect risk estimates of elective induction of labor; Objective. Multiple observational studies have emphasized the increased risk of elective induction versus spontaneous labor. We estimated the risks of elective induction before 39 weeks compared to expectant management. Methods. Using a single institution's delivery data (1996-2004), we identified women with uncomplicated term gestations who underwent elective induction before 39 weeks (Early Induction Group). A comparison group of women eligible for elective induction before 39 weeks but who were managed expectantly was created by identifying the remaining deliveries ≥39 weeks and excluding women with "established" pregnancy complications such as diabetes or heart disease (Expectant Management Group), but retaining women with complications that may have developed while waiting, e.g. gestational hypertension or abruption. Results. Pregnancies in the Early Induction Group were generally not at increased risk for morbidity when compared to the entire Expectant Management Group, in whom 49% developed pregnancy complications or went postdates. These pregnancies had poorer maternal and neonatal outcomes when compared to patients who remained uncomplicated with spontaneous labor onset, thus reducing the overall benefit of expectant management. Conclusions. Failure to account for the large proportion of women who develop late pregnancy complications can falsely elevate the estimated risk of elective induction prior to 39 weeks. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Pulmonary embolism and pregnancy; Pulmonary embolism (PE) is a leading cause of maternal mortality during pregnancy and following delivery. Pregnancy is associated with a variety of anatomical, hormonal and biochemical alterations that predispose towards venous thrombosis and PE. A high index of suspicion is critical in making the diagnosis, which can be confirmed by objective testing with lower extremity Doppler ultrasound, lung scintigraphy or CT angiography. Treatment in the acute setting typically includes intravenous UFH, subcutaneous LMWH or subcutaneous UFH, with transition to subcutaneous regimens for the duration of the pregnancy. Interventions in pregnant women with massive (hemodynamically unstable) PE include: positioning in a left lateral decubitus position, volume resuscitation, and supplemental oxygen. IVC filters may be helpful, as they can be for non-pregnant patients. Although experience is limited, systemic or catheter directed thrombolytic therapy have been reported to be successful in treatment of massive PE in pregnant patients with relatively low maternal and fetal mortality. Invasive therapies such as surgical embolectomy for severely ill pregnancy women with massive PE might be instituted depending on the patient acuity and the available resources and expertise. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Emergence of promising therapies in diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus (DM) results from defects in insulin secretion (type 1) or insulin resistance (type 2). Insulin is used to manage type 1 DM, and oral hypoglycemic agents are used to manage type 2 DM. These therapies are inconsistent in maintaining glycemic control and cause some severe adverse effects such as undue weight gain and hypoglycemia. New and appropriate therapies are needed to overcome these problems. Drugs that are in the pipeline include oral insulins for type 1 DM and incretin mimetics, incretin enhancers, gastric inhibitory peptides, amylin analogues, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-α/γ ligands, sodium-dependent glucose transporter inhibitors, and fructose 1,6-bisphosphatase inhibitors for type 2 DM. This article describes the mechanisms of action and relative advantages and disadvantages of the promising therapies © 2011 The Author(s).
Adding strength training, exercise intensity, and caloric expenditure to exercise guidelines in pregnancy; Several versions of exercise guidelines for pregnancy have been published, the latest 9 years ago. These guidelines recommend 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise on most if not all days of the week for pregnant women in the absence of medical or obstetric complications. However, moderate-intensity exercise was not defined. In addition, the specific weekly energy expenditure of physical activity was not suggested. Recent research has determined that, compared with less vigorous activities, exercise intensity that reaches at least 60% of the heart rate reserve during pregnancy while gradually increasing physical-activity energy expenditure reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. To achieve the minimum expenditure of 16 metabolic equivalent task-h/wk, one could walk at 2 miles/h for 6.4 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 2.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). To achieve the target expenditure of 28 metabolic equivalent task-hours per week, one could walk at 2.0 miles/h for 11.2 h/wk (2.5 metabolic equivalent task-hours, light intensity) or, preferably, exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 h/wk (6 to 7 metabolic equivalent task-hours, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total exercise time is required. Light muscle strengthening performed during the second and third trimesters of pregnancy has minimal effect on newborn body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested. © 2011 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
NHC-guideline preconception care; The Dutch College of General Practitioners (NHG) has developed a guideline on preconception care. The guideline covers risk assessment, medical interventions, education, and lifestyle recommendations concerning smoking, use of alcohol and drugs, and weight. The purpose of the guideline is to help general practitioners answer the questions couples may have when starting a family, so that they are fully informed about the importance of preconception health. The Netherlands has a high perinatal mortality rate compared with other European countries, and this can only partly be explained by the relatively high proportion of older mothers and multiple pregnancies. The main causes of perinatal death are preterm birth, low birth weight, and congenital disorders. Preconception care may lower the perinatal death rate, although there is currently no evidence to support this. Information should be obtained from prospective parents regarding medical history, obstetric history, use of medication, genetic factors, work circumstances, risk of infections, socioeconomic factors, lifestyle factors (smoking, use of alcohol and drugs), and weight. The guideline describes how these factors can influence pregnancy and how pregnancy can influence these factors. Blood tests are only recommended in the case of suspected diabetes or high risk of diabetes like body mass index higher than 30, Hindu descent, history of gestational diabetes (serum glucose), sexually transmitted diseases (test STD), rubella, varicella, parvovirus B19 (serology), Graves disease (antibody TSH receptor); use of anti-epileptic medication (serum folic acid); or high risk of haemoglobinopathies (carrier test). The guideline provides information about the management of diabetes mellitus, epilepsy, congenital heart disease, hypertension, thyroid disease, asthma, thrombosis, depression and anxiety disorders, and phenylketonuria before and during pregnancy. Prospective mothers are generally advised to take a folic acid supplement daily (at least 0.4 mg) from 4 weeks before attempting conception until 10 weeks after the last menstruation and to stop smoking. The general practitioner should warn prospective parents against using medications without the advice of a doctor who knows that the couple is trying to conceive. Measures to prevent listeriosis or toxoplasmosis are relevant once the woman has become pregnant. Lastly, the guideline provides information about nutrition, working conditions, travelling, vaccinations, age and the risk of adverse events, and how obstetric care is organized in the Netherlands.
Pharmacotherapy and pregnancy: Highlights from the third international conference for individualized pharmacotherapy in pregnancy; To address provider struggles to provide evidence-based, rational drug therapy to pregnant women, this third Conference was convened to highlight the current progress and research in the field. Speakers from academic centers, industry, and governmental institutions spoke about: the Food and Drug Administration's role in pregnancy pharmacology and the new labeling initiative; drug registries in pregnancy; the pharmacist's role in medication use in pregnancy; therapeutic areas such as preterm labor, gestational diabetes, nausea and vomiting in pregnancy, and hypertension; breast-feeding and medications; ethical challenges for consent in pregnancy drug studies; the potential for cord blood banks; and concerns about the fetus when studying drugs in pregnancy. The Conference highlighted several areas of collaboration within the current Obstetrics Pharmacology Research Units Network and hoped to educate providers, researchers, and agencies with the common goal to improve the ability to safely and effectively use individualized pharmacotherapy in pregnancy. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc..
Developmental plasticity and epigenetic mechanisms underpinning metabolic and cardiovascular diseases; The importance of developmental factors in influencing the risk of later-life disease has a strong evidence base derived from multiple epidemiological, clinical and experimental studies in animals and humans. During early life, an organism is able to adjust its phenotypic development in response to environmental cues. Such developmentally plastic responses evolved as a fitness-maximizing strategy to cope with variable environments. There are now increasing data that these responses are, at least partially, underpinned by epigenetic mechanisms. A mismatch between the early and later-life environments may lead to inappropriate early life-course epigenomic changes that manifest in later life as increased vulnerability to disease. There is also growing evidence for the transgenerational transmission of epigenetic marks. This article reviews the evidence that susceptibility to metabolic and cardiovascular disease in humans is linked to changes in epigenetic marks induced by early-life environmental cues, and discusses the clinical, public health and therapeutic implications that arise. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Putting risk into perspective: The US medical eligibility criteria for contraceptive use; Unintended pregnancy remains a considerable problem in the United States, with health risks for both mother and infant. These risks may be increased among women with medical conditions, for whom pregnancy can lead to severe adverse outcomes. Highly effective and safe contraceptive methods are available to prevent unintended pregnancy. However, women with medical conditions and their providers also may be concerned about potential risks associated with contraceptive method use. Evidence-based guidance documents can be helpful tools for clinicians to efficiently use evidence and put risks into perspective. The US Medical Eligibility Criteria for Contraceptive Use, 2010, provides evidence-based recommendations for the safety of contraceptive use among women with medical conditions and other characteristics. While some contraceptive methods pose risks for some women, these must be considered in context and weighed against such considerations as the absolute risk of adverse events and the risks associated with pregnancy. Most women, even women with medical conditions, can safely use highly effective methods of contraception and promoting their use will further efforts to reduce unintended pregnancy. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC (outside the USA).
Addressing the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease through the management of postprandial hyperglycaemia: An Asian-Pacific perspective and expert recommendations; The world is facing an epidemic of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and type 2 diabetes, with populations in low- to middle-income countries, including many in the Asia Pacific (AP) region, being disproportionately affected. Emerging data identify postprandial hyperglycaemia (PPHG) as an important predictor of CVD, and several professional bodies, including the International Diabetes Federation, have issued guidelines on the management of PPHG in type 2 diabetes. Guidance on how international recommendations could be implemented in Asian populations is currently lacking. Therefore, a panel of experts from the AP region convened to consider the current status of PPHG and CVD in the region, and to develop recommendations for clinical practice. The group concluded that improved awareness of the impact of PPHG on CVD risk, among clinicians and the general public, and more widespread use of routine screening for PPHG, using oral glucose tolerance testing in those without recognised diabetes, are required. Additionally, frequent meal-based testing and effective PPHG management are essential to the management of IGT and type 2 diabetes. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Peculiar features in cardiovascular disease management in women; Coronary heart disease (CHD) is the most common cause of death in women, with women experiencing more complications after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) than men. In contrast, breast cancer accounts for only 3% of all deaths in women. Recent advances in the field of cardiovascular medicine have not led to significant declines in case fatality rates for women when compared to the dramatic declines realized for men. The gender-specific difference in cardiovascular disease mortality provides additional support for a lack of comparable progress in population-based risk reduction efforts for women. Supplementary evidence has observed substantial delays in healthcare-seeking behaviour, less intensive resource use patterns, and longer times in diagnosis for women as compared with men. Available data indicate that women are less likely to be referred for coronary angiography and revascularization procedures than men, and referral tends to occur at a later stage in the disease process. Drug therapy is hampered by defective evidence as women are frequently under-represented in therapeutic trials and there may be gender differences in therapeutic response. For example, women experience more bleeding than men whether or not they are treated with GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors, probably for frequent excessive dosing in women. Although a reduced intensity of care may be, in part, related to a differential clinical history, symptom profile, and acuity of presentation, under-recognition of disease in women may also be contributory to worsening outcome, especially for women with an established diagnosis of ischaemic heart disease or AMI. Over the last two decades, multiple important studies have helped define accurate clinical tests, risk factors, preventive interventions and effective therapies for CHD. Unfortunately, many of these studies have either excluded women entirely or included only limited numbers of women and minorities. Thus, much of the evidence supporting contemporary recommendations for testing, prevention, and treatment of coronary disease in women is extrapolated from studies conducted predominantly in middle-aged men. Applying the findings of studies in men for management of CHD in women may not be appropriate, since the symptoms of CHD, natural history and response to therapy differ between men and women. Also because CHD is often fatal, and because nearly two-thirds of women who die suddenly have no previously recognized symptoms, it is essential to prevent CHD. A recent document, entitled Prevention of Myocardial Infarction in Women, emphasizes new aspects that play a pivotal role in identifying peculiar features in prevention and treatment of women at risk of CAD independently from age. Such features include gestational diabetes and or hypertension, metabolic syndrome, autoimmune disease and endocrine diseases. A new approach has to be adopted in the evaluation and treatment of CHD prevention and co-morbidity in women.
A randomised controlled trial comparing standard postoperative diet with low volume high calorie oral supplements in colorectal patients; Objectives: To determine effects of low volume high calorie prescribed supplemental nutrition on patient outcome following elective colorectal surgery. Methods: Consecutive patients undergoing elective colorectal resections were randomised to receive prescribed supplementation (SG)- (standard diet + 6×60 ml/day of Pro-Cal∗, n = 26] or the conventional postoperative diet (CG) - (standard diet alone, n = 26). Exclusion criteria: dementia, pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, < 16 years age, arthritis of hand, postoperative ITU admission and enteral/parenteral feeding. Pre-operative and daily post-operative handgrip strength (GS) was measured using a grip dynamometer. Daily food intake, return of bowel activity and postoperative length of hospital stay (LOS) were prospectively recorded in proformas. Micro-diet standardised software was used to analyse food diaries and non-parametric tests for results. ∗Pro-Cal (VitaFlo Limited, Liverpool, UK); 60 ml = 200 Kcal + 4 g protein. Results: Analysis was performed on 52 patients (26 per group). There was no significant difference in median preoperative and postoperative handgrip strengths within each group (CG: 26.9 Kpa vs 28.1 Kpa; P = 0.37&SG: 31.7 vs 31.7; P = 0.93). The total median daily calorie intake was significantly better in SG (818.5 Kcal vs 528 Kcal; P = 0.01). The median LOS was significantly shorter in SG (6.5 day vs 9 day; P = 0.04). There was no significant difference in median days to first bowel movement (SG: 3.5 day vs CG: 4 day; P = 0.10). Conclusions: Postoperative prescribed high calorie oral supplementary nutrition results in significantly improved total daily oral calorie intake and decreases postoperative hospital stay following elective colorectal surgery.
Gestational diabetes mellitus is associated with cardiovascular disease differentially by race; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. However, identification of CVD events in women with a history of GDM has been limited by non-clinical data and variable follow-up of this population. Moreover, the impact of race has not been fully explored.Objectives: To test the hypotheses that women with GDM demonstrate a greater risk for subsequent CVD compared to women without GDM and that this relationship will be modified by race.Participants/Interventions: We conducted a case-control study of women who delivered at Massachusetts General Hospital between 1998-2007. GDM was defined by Carpenter-Coustan criteria and ICD-9 codes were used to identify diabetes mellitus, CVD, cerebrovascular disease, ischemic heart disease, and essential hypertension (HTN). Women with these outcomes prior to delivery were excluded. GDM cases were matched by gravidity to controls (1:4) without GDM. Cox Proportional Hazards regression was performed for GDM, demographic and clinical characteristics, and for each cardiovascular disease outcome. Data were censored if diabetes developed prior to a cardiovascular outcome. If no outcome developed, women were censored based on their last admission. Results: There were 802 women with GDM and 3,208 women without GDM followed for a median of 3.6 years (maximum 11.9 years). GDM was significantly associated with older age; elevated pregnancy body mass index and systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressures; and frequency of non-white race, CVD and HTN compared to the non-GDM group. GDM predicted future CVD (HR 1.32, 95% CI 1.11-1.56) and HTN (HR 2.68, 95% CI 2.07-3.48) in univariate analysis, but only HTN (HR 2.30, 95% CI 1.71-3.08) remained significant after adjusting for age, SBP, parity, and maternal pregnancy weight gain. Black (HR 1.56, CI 95% 1.14-2.13) and Hispanic (HR 1.40, CI 95% 1.13-1.74) race predicted CVD even after these adjustments. Notably, in stratified analysis by race, Hispanic women with GDM were more likely to develop CVD than Hispanics without GDM (HR 1.70, CI 95% 1.60-2.41).Conclusion: GDM predicts future CVD, but not independently of risk factors such as age and SBP. Hispanic women with GDM develop CVD to a greater degree than would be predicted by either GDM or Hispanic race alone. These results support the need for enhanced postpartum CVD risk surveillance and prevention efforts, even among young women, with a prior history of GDM.
Maternal and paternal metabolic milieux are important determinants of adult skeletal phenotypes: Evidence from a murine model of fetal programming due to parental hyperglycemia; In utero exposure to maternal diabetes has been associated with later-in-life phenotypes, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes, in offspring. Methods: To investigate the effects of maternal hyperglycemia more fully, we utilized an autosomal dominant model of murine diabetes [C57BL/6J-Ins2Akita (Akita mice)], which allowed for characterization of wildtype offspring of diabetic mothers and WT fathers. To examine the effects of paternal diabetes, WT offspring of Akita fathers and WT mothers were also assessed. Offspring of WT breedings served as controls.At 14 and 26 wks of age intraperitoneal (ip) glucose tolerance tests were performed and fasted leptin, insulin and serum IGF1 levels were measured. Whole body bone mineral density (WBBMD, g/cm2) and whole body bone mineral content (WBBMC, g) were obtained via pDXA, and trabecular (Tb) bone architecture at the distal femur via μCT. Results: At 14 wks, male WT offspring of Akita mothers weighed less than controls (p<0.0001). Fasted glucose was elevated (p<0.001), and glucose clearance after ip challenge was significantly impaired at all time points (p<0.001). IGF-1 levels were unchanged, but fasted leptin and insulin were slightly decreased (p=ns). At 26 wks, the impairment after glucose challenge was even more pronounced and significant hypoinsulinemia and hypoleptinemia developed (p<0.01 for both).Male offspring also showed a skeletal phenotype at 14 wks with reduced WBBMD and WBBMC compared to controls (p<0.01 for both). Distal femur Tb. bone volume fraction (BV/TV, %) and Tb. thickness (Tb.Th) were normal at 14 weeks but reduced by 29% and 12% at 26 wks (p<0.03 for both).Male offspring of Akita fathers also had a mild metabolic phenotype but developed a severe skeletal phenotype, with decreased WBBMD (p<0.002) and WBBMC (p<0.01) at 14 wks, and lower distal femoral BV/TV (-39% and -47%) and TbTh (-12 and -11%) at 14 and 26 wks (p<0.04 for all).Conclusion: The Akita mouse is a good model for investigating the effects of maternal diabetes on metabolic outcome of adult offspring. Strikingly, not only maternal but also paternal hyperglycemia negatively impacts offspring skeletal phenotype, and paternal hyperglycemia appears to be more deleterious. The mechanism of this effect is not known, but must involve mechanisms beyond the in utero metabolic environment. Further study should expand our understanding of the paternal influence on fetal programming.
Preconception cardiovascular risk factors and pregnancy outcome; Pregnancy-related cardiovascular conditions such as gestational hypertension and diabetes are associated with both poorer pregnancy outcomes and cardiovascular disease later in life. Little is known about the effect of preconception cardiovascular risk on pregnancy. Data from the Cardiovascular Risk in Young Finns Study were linked with birth registry data for 1292 women. Age-standardized levels of total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c), triglycerides, blood pressure, insulin, and glucose from the study visit prior to pregnancy were examined as predictors of gestational age, birthweight, gestational hypertension (GH), pre-eclampsia (PE), and gestational diabetes (GDM), using linear and logistic regression with adjustment for age, body mass index, smoking, socioeconomic status, and parity. The number of risk factors above the 90th percentile was summed, and logistic models used to predict preterm birth and low birthweight. Total cholesterol was associated with PE (adjusted odds ratio 1.86, 95% confidence interval 1.00- 3.46) and GDM (aOR 1.51, 95% CI 0.93-2.47), as were triglycerides (aOR for PE 1.84, 95% CI 1.23-2.75; for GDM, 1.78, 1.22-2.56). After removal of those with pregnancy complications, the associations between lipids and gestational age and birthweight were attenuated, while those between blood pressure and these outcomes remained. Women who score high on the summary variable were more likely to give birth preterm (aOR 3.4, 95% CI, 1.2-9.5). Preconception lipids predict pre-eclampsia, which partially accounts for the relationship between these factors and gestational age. Preconception blood pressure independently predicts gestational age and birthweight.
Eclampsia in Canada: A population-based cohort study between 2003 and 2008; Objectives: To assess trend in incidence of, identify risk factors for, and examine associations of eclampsia with maternal and neonatal mortality and severe morbidity. Methods: We conducted a population-based cohort study of all women and their newborns delivered in Canada (excluding Quebec) from 2003 to 2008. The data were obtained from the Discharge Abstract Database of the Canadian Institute for Health Information. We used logistic regression analysis to examine risk factors for and effects of eclampsia on gestational age, caesarean delivery, obstetric embolism, maternal death, and fetal growth, birth asphyxia, intubation, admission to ICU and neonatal death. Results: The incidence of eclampsia declined dramatically from 12.4 per 10,000 pregnancies in 2003 to 6.1 per 10,000 in 2008. Among singleton pregnancies, maternal heart disease [adjusted odds ratio (aOR) 4.8; 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.9-7.3], anemia (aOR 2.6; 95% CI 2.1-3.3), nulliparity, teen pregnancy, diabetes and urinary tract infection all significantly increased the risk of eclampsia. Eclampsia was associated with increased risks of maternal death (aOR 33.1; 95% CI 11.8-92.7), requiring assisted ventilation, adult respiratory distress syndrome, acute renal failure, cardiac arrest/failure, obstetric shock, embolism, very early delivery, and caesarean delivery. However, eclampsia was associated with few neonatal morbidities except for small-for-gestational-age birth, birth asphyxia and admission to ICU. Conclusion: Despite reduced rates and improved perinatal care and management of women with eclampsia, the condition remains strongly associated with serious adverse consequences, especially for the mother.
Fetal programming effect related to prenatal exposure to diabetes-a population-basedstudy; Children exposed to a diabetic environment in utero have an increased risk of fetal and neonatal morbidities including congenital malformation, preterm birth, fetal macrosomia, neonatal respiratory distress. Maternal diabetes may also have long-term health consequences for offspring. The increased risks might be induced by fetal programming as suggested by the developmental-origins hypothesis or might be induced by other factors, like genetic causes. If fetal programming plays a major role one would not expect an increased risk should be presented among children exposed only to paternal diabetes. We conducted a population-based cohort study by identifying 1,518,426 children born in Denmark from 1977 to2006 in the final analyses. Children were followed from the day of birth up to 30 years until the first hospitalization or first outpatient visit for the outcomes of interest (malignant neoplasm and cardiovascular diseases), death, emigration, or December 31, 2006, whichever came first. We used Cox regress to estimate hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confident interval (95%CI) of outcomes under study among children exposed to maternal diabetes or paternal diabetes. Children only exposed to maternal diabetes (type 2) had an increased risk of malignant neoplasm (HR = 2.50, 95%CI: 1.47; 4.25) and cardiovascular diseases (HR = 1.67, 95%CI: 1.19; 2.35) while the HRs for the two outcomes among children only exposed to paternal diabetes were 0.41(95%CI: 0.06; 2.90) and 1.60 (95%CI: 0.89; 2.89), respectively. The results suggest that the increased risks might be induced by children responses to alterations in intrauterine environment.
State of art in menopausal pregnancies; A total number of 5400 candidates, from 1987 up to 2010, were visited for egg donation program. Only 3000 entered the program. 2400 women were rejected during rigorous selection criteria (Antinori et al, 2000), established by the guidelines of WORLD ASSOCIATION OF REPRODUCTIVE MEDICINE. Oocyte donation was performed by IVF and embryotransfer (ICSI -IMSI) in 3000 women (3850 cycles) aged 40-65 years, 2145 were aged 40-50 (griup A) and 855 women were aged 50-63 (group B). A total number of 14850 oocytes were donated (mean±SD number of oocytes per recipient 3.8±0,60) and 13840 were fertilized (93%). 12420 embryos were transferred and mean number of embryos per patient was 3.2±0.82. Overall 1820 (47%) clinical pregnancies were achieved in 3850 recipient cycles. 1695 babies were delivered from 1550 pregnancies (40%). 270 were lost (14.8%). 1348 (87%) pregnancies reached full term. 202 were lost (13%) were premature deliveries (related to all deliveries). Multiple gestation were 140 (9%) and included 135 (8.7%) twins. Triplets were not frequent: 5 sets of triplet (0.3%) and no quadruplets. Antenatal complication occurred in 220 patients (14.1 of deliveries). The frequency of preterm deliveries was 13% (202 patients), gestational hypertension 10.6% (165 patients) preeclampsia 1.2% (19 patients), gestational diabetes 1.8% (28 patients), and abruptio placentae 0.5% (8 patients). Neonatal complications included growth retardation in 2 cases, and there were no neonatal or maternal deaths. In the case of the 63 years old woman she reached full term pregnancy in July 1994 and delivered a boy, at present 17 years old, in good health. The pregnancy rate did not differ significantly in the two groups. Group A n=1340 (46.4%), group B n=480 (45.7%) There were 148 out of 1240 (11.9%) preterm deliveries in group A compared to 54 out 410 (13.1%) in Group B. There was no difference between the two groups as to multiple pregnancies, including 104 out of 1190 in Group A (8.7%) and 36 out of 410 deliveries in group B (8.8%). Abortion rate was very similar in both groups: abortion occurred in group A (n=200: 14.9%) as compared with group B (n=70, 14.8%). Primary attention must concentrate on the outcome of gestation in postmenopausal women. In order to investigate pregnancy risks such as hypertension, preeclampsia/eclampsia, renal and hepatic disease, diabetes, abruption placentae, hemorrhage, cardiovascular disorders and premature deliveries, we analysed over 24 years our series of recipients (40-63 years old) in Italy and in various European and extraeuropean countries, in which 1820 clinical pregnancies were achieved and 1550 delivered 1695 babies, with 270 lost. 1369 (88%) of all deliveries were by Caesarian section. We are able to report that postmenopausal women do not have a greater risk if they do not experience any medical disorders. Many risks to the fetuses and mothers are correlated with multiple pregnancy. The incidences of pregnancy-induced hypertension and preeclampsia are increased in multiple pregnancies. Primigravida women with pregnancies involving twins have a five-time greater risk of severe preeclampsia than in the case of single pregnancies; the risk for multigravida women is 10 times greater. The risk of hypertension is reported to be greater in monozygotic twins. When applying the strict criteria of selection, the maternal and foetal risks during gestation and at birth are not much higher than the risks for women aged between 20-45 years. Pregnancy in postmenopausal women is nowadays a widespread reality all over the world.
Vanishing multifoetal pregnancies complicating fertility treatment; Background. Spontaneous reduction resulting from missed abortion of one or more of the foetuses before the 12th week of pregnancy could affect obstetric outcome. This study sought to analyse maternofoetal outcome following vanishing foetal event in multifoetal pregnancies conceived through assisted and non-assisted technology fertility treatment. Methods. A 5-year prospective observational study. Patients that conceived through non-assisted reproductive technology (ART) treatment had ovulation induction with clomiphene citrate and timed intercourse following human chorionic gonadotrophin injection. In vitro fertilisation/intracytoplasmic sperm injection was the treatment technique for pregnancies conceived by ART. Results. Fifteen cases were managed, of which 9 (60%) were non-ART conceptions and 6 (40%) ART conceptions. All patients had treatment on account of secondary infertility. Maternal median age was 34 years with age range of 31-38 years.The 9 non-ART pregnancies were all twins spontaneously reduced to singletons, while the 6 ART pregnancies comprised of 4 (66.7% ) twins reduced to singletons, 1 (16.7%) triplet reduced to twin and 1 quintuplet (16.7%) reduced to quadruplet. Outcome of 13 pregnancies reduced to singleton are pregnancy induced hypertension (3 patients, 23.1%), preterm delivery (1 patient, 7.7%), caesarean delivery (5 patients, 38.5%) postpartum haemorrhage (2 patients, 15.4%), small for gestational age (2 babies, 15.4%), macrosomia (1 baby, 7.7%), there was no perinatal or maternal death but 1 (7.7%) infant death due to complications of congenital heart disease was recorded. Triplet pregnancy reduced to twin was complicated with severe hypertension in pregnancy and spontaneous abortion at 19 weeks while the patient with quintuplet pregnancy reduced to quadruplet delivered at 7 months preceded by preterm premature rupture of membrane, three neonatal deaths was recorded. Conclusion. Outcome of vanishing foetus syndrome in higher order multiple pregnancy was associated with poor foetal outcome; however this may be unrelated to spontaneous foetal reduction event but to effect of multiple foetuses on pregnancy and inadequacies of intensive care units in the developing world.
Influence of the glucose tolerance test on pro-atherogenic modification of LDL and its relation to paraoxonase activity; Background: Diabetes is associated with increased oxidation and glycation of LDL, modifications which increase its atherogenicity. Serum paraoxonase PON1) activity is decreased in diabetes and this may contribute to the greater susceptibility of LDL to oxidation and glycation. Whereas it is known that in vitro LDL undergoes both oxidation and glycation and PON1 activity decreases slowly on incubation with glucose, nothing is known about how rapidly excursions of blood glucose affect these parameters in vivo. Methods: We determined the effect of the glucose tolerance test in 24 women with gestational diabetes. Blood samples were taken at baseline, 30 min and 2 h after oral glucose (75 g). Results: Blood glucose was higher after glucose (5.1 [0.2] mmol/L (mean[SD]) at baseline, 8.0 [0.3] mmol/L at 30 min (p < 0.001) and 6.9 [0.4] mmol/L at 2 h (p < 0.001)). Serum PON1 activity decreased from 124 [23] nmol/ml/min at baseline to 109 [19] nmol/ml/min at 30 min (p < 0.005) and 107 [20] nmol/ml/min (p < 0.001) at 2 h. Oxidised LDL decreased at 30 min from 77 [5] U/l at baseline to 66 [4] U/l (p < 0.005) and still lower at 2 h (63 [5] U/l; p < 0.001). Glycated LDL increased from 3.1 [0.2] mg/dL to 3.6 [0.2] mg/dL at 30 min (p < 0.001) but returned to baseline at 2 h (3.0 [0.2] mg/dL (NS). Conclusions: 1. PON1 activity decreased acutely in response to increases in blood glucose and this effect persisted up to 2 h. 2. Simultaneously there was a transient rise in immunoassayable glycated LDL, whereas oxidised LDL diminished.
Effects of maternal obesity on prenatal and postnatal development of fetus: Review; An increase in obesity among reproductive-age women and pregnant women has been observed in our country as well as the whole world. Maternal obesity is associated with serious short and long term complications of both mother and child. Therefore, in this review we aimed to revise previous papers which were investigated the effects of maternal obesity before or during pregnancy on prenatal or postnatal development of fetus. The negative effects of maternal obesity start even before conception. Obesity during prepregnancy is associated with higher prevalence of miscarriage, infertility and polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Also, maternal obesity during pregnancy is related with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, thromboembolic disorders and maternal death. Additionally, there are reports about negative influence of maternal obesity, emerged before or during pregnancy, on prenatal and postnatal development of fetus. Previous studies indicate that maternal obesity alters body composition of newborn thereby increasing risk of obesity during childhood or adulthood. Additionally it can cause some congenital anomalies on newborn and some diseases during postnatal life such as cardiovascular, metabolic and nervous system disorders. Consequently, further studies are needed to investigate the mechanisms playing part in negative effects of maternal obesity on prenatal, neonatal and postnatal development. This subject must be handled as a health policy to determine various treatment methods. Copyright © 2011 by Türkiye Klinikleri.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy; A 22-year-old G1 P0 was admitted at 26 weeks gestation for preeclampsia, hyperglycaemia and cushingoid features. Elevated 24-h urine free cortisol (UFC) and suppressed plasma adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) suggested ACTH-independent Cushing's syndrome. Ultrasound showed left adrenal mass. She delivered preterm at 28 weeks due to severe preeclampsia and fetal distress. The infant expired after 4 days. Blood pressure was controlled after delivery and the patient was discharged on ketoconazole. Adrenalectomy was planned postpartum; however, she withdrew consent and was lost to follow-up. A 33-year-old G1 P1 presented with gestational diabetes. Pregnancy was complicated by premature delivery at 31 weeks for fetal distress. The baby improved and survived. Three months postpartum, she was evaluated for osteoporosis after sustaining a fracture from a fall. Cushingoid facies, elevated 24-h UFC, suppressed ACTH and a right adrenal mass on MRI confirmed an ACTH-independent Cushing's syndrome. She underwent adrenalectomy and improved. Copyright 2011 BMJ Publishing Group. All rights reserved.
Periconceptional tobacco smoking and Xisolated congenital heart defects in the neonatal period; Background: Tobacco use in pregnancy is considered a human developmental toxicant and potential teratogen. The aim of the study was to test for a possible association between periconceptional tobacco smoking and congenital heart disease (CHD) in the neonatal period. Methods: Maternal and infant characteristics of 157 neonates diagnosed with CHD at the University of Patras Medical School were collected and were compared with 208 normal neonates (aged 1-28 days) that were referred for echocardiography during a specified 3-year period. Results: In neonates with CHD 64 of 157 mothers (40.8%) reported smoking in pregnancy, whereas in the control group 41 of 208 mothers (19.7%) were smokers (p = 0.000). Logistic regression analysis with pregestational diabetes, history of influenza-like illness in the first trimester, therapeutic drug exposure in pregnancy, maternal age, parity, family history of CHD, infant gender, prematurity and paternal smoking, as potential confounding factors showed that periconceptional tobacco smoking was associated with increased risk of CHD in the offspring (OR = 2.750, 95% CI = 1.659-4.476, p = 0.00001). The incidence of neonatal heart disease in women who were non-smokers or smoked 1-10 and ≥ 11 cigarettes per day increased with the level of fetal tobacco exposure (35.8% versus 55.3% versus 64.3%, x2-test = 20.303, p = 0.000), suggesting a dose effect. Conclusions: The results of the study are indicative of an association between periconceptional tobacco exposure and increased risk of CHD in the neonatal period. The potential role of gestational smoking as a risk factor for specific heart defect subgroups requires the conduction of large population based epidemiological studies. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy outcome; The increasing prevalence of maternal obesity worldwide provides a major challenge to obstetric practice from preconception to postpartum. Maternal obesity can result in unfavorable outcomes for the woman and fetus. Maternal risks during pregnancy include gestational diabetes and chronic hypertension leading to preeclampsia. The fetus is at risk for stillbirth and congenital anomalies. Intrapartum care, normal and operative deliveries, anesthetic and operative interventions in the obese demand extra care. Obesity in pregnancy can also affect health later in life for both mother and child. For women, these risks include heart disease and hypertension. Children have a risk of future obesity and heart disease. Women and their offspring are at increased risk for diabetes. Obstetrician-gynecologists should be well informed to prevent and treat this epidemic. Interventions directed at weight loss and prevention of excessive weight gain during pregnancy must begin in the preconception period.
Evaluation of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and cardiovascular risk factors in women with gestational diabetes; We aimed to evaluate the predictors of subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular risk factors in women with previous GDM. Two hundred fifty-two consecutive women with GDM were enrolled. After exclusion of women who did not attend to the hospital for follow-up visits for minimum 1 year, data of 195 patients were evaluated. Seventy-one lean women with negative screening for GDM were included as a control group. The prevalence of diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance and impaired fasting glucose and metabolic syndrome was significantly higher in women with previous GDM than healthy controls. Women with previous GDM were more insulin resistant, had an atherogenic lipid profile and increased carotid IMT. The most important predictors of postpartum diabetes were the need for insulin treatment during index pregnancy and glucose values on antepartum OGTT. Among women with previous GDM, the development of postpartum diabetes and metabolic syndrome was associated with increased carotid IMT. Our data show that women with previous GDM are at high risk for developing carbohydrate intolerance, metabolic syndrome and atherosclerosis. Antepartum prediction of high risk subjects for the subsequent development of postpartum carbohydrate intolerance and metabolic syndrome seems to be vital to prevent cardiovascular outcomes. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Induction of labor and pain: A randomized trial between two vaginal preparations of dinoprostone in nulliparous women with an unfavorable cervix; Objective. To compare pain associated with vaginal dinoprostone pessary vs. gel for induction of labor in women with an unfavorable cervix. Study design. A randomized controlled trial in a large academic public general hospital. A total of 52 nulliparous women of gestational age ≥ 38 weeks, with Bishop score ≤ 4 and intact membranes were allocated either to a controlled-release vaginal dinoprostone pessary or repeat doses of vaginal dinoprostone gel. Pain was recorded hourly from early induction until the onset of labor. Results. Mean pain experienced by women belonging to the two groups differed significantly (p < 0.01). Women in the controlled-release device group were also significantly more often severe pain-free than women receiving gel (p < 0.05). Both methods had similar rates of oxytocin infusion and vaginal deliveries. Conclusions. The two induction procedures should be considered equivalent as far as ripening the cervix and initiating labor. In view of this finding, the low Bishop score should be considered an indication to prefer the controlled-release device, since it reduces pain thereby improving the physical and emotional wellbeing of the parturient. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Characterization of fetal cardiac structure and function detected by echocardiography in women with normal pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To assess fetal cardiac structure and function in normal pregnancy and in the presence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) using echocardiography measurements. Material and methods: We studied fetal cardiac structure and function in 169 uncomplicated singleton pregnancies and in 92 complicated by GDM. Maternal glycemic control was deemed adequate in 75 women and inadequate in 17. Fetal two-dimensional ultrasound, pulsed wave Doppler and tissue Doppler imaging (TDI) were used to assess cardiac walls thickness and cardiac function, both systolic [with ejection fraction (EF)] and diastolic [using early diastolic peak flow velocity (E)/late peak of diastolic velocity (A) and early diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea)/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Aa) ratios]. Results: In normal pregnancies, fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum thickness increased progressively with advancing gestation and were significantly thicker in the presence of GDM (P < 0.001) independently of maternal glycemic control. Fetal cardiac systolic function indicated by EF did not change during normal pregnancy, but was significantly increased (P < 0.001) in the presence of GDM independently of maternal glycemic control. Both pulsed wave Doppler and TDI indicators of fetal diastolic cardiac function increased during normal pregnancy, reaching a maximum at 36 to 40 weeks of gestation (P < 0.001). The presence of GDM did not affect pulsed wave Doppler indicators of diastolic function [ratio of early/late diastolic peak flow velocity (E/A ratio)], whereas TDI indices [ratio of early/late diastolic peak velocity at the annulus (Ea/Aa ratio)] were significantly lower after adjustment for gestational age and estimated fetal weight (EFW); and such changes were independent of maternal diabetic control (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Fetal cardiac wall thickness, cardiac systolic and diastolic functions are affected by GDM independently of glycemic control. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Consequences of Fetal Programming for Cardiovascular Disease in Adulthood; This Spotlight Issue of Microcirculation contains six current perspectives on the role of the intrauterine environment, especially maternal nutritional status and maternal diabetes, in influencing fetal growth and cardiovascular health in the offspring in later life. The reviews address issues such as the existence of a commonality of mechanism following both under-nutritional and over-nutritional states in utero; alterations in the placental fetal microcirculation in response to maternal and fetal changes; transmission of metabolic or nutritional perturbations affecting fetal endogenous antioxidant defense pathways; the presence of a disadvantageous microvascular phenotype resulting from perinatal priming; interactions between developmental programming and genetic variation in noncommunicable adult diseases such as hypertension and hypercholesterolemia; and unresolved questions on the independency and causal mechanisms for low birth weight/intrauterine growth restriction and the risk of developing the metabolic syndrome. These timely reviews highlight the accumulating evidence that changes in the intrauterine environment have pronounced effects on vascular function in the offspring whether due to maternal diabetes or altered maternal nutritional status or fetal and perinatal overnutrition. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Placental Vascular Dysfunction in Diabetic Pregnancies: Intimations of Fetal Cardiovascular Disease?; In the human placenta, the angioarchitecture of fetal vessels lying in maternal blood is useful for nutrient uptake, but it makes the synthesis, maturation and functioning of placental vessels vulnerable to any alterations in the fetal and maternal environment. This review discusses how the maternal diabetic milieu, and the resultant fetal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia, may act together to produce an altered placental vascular phenotype, which includes increased angiogenesis, altered junctional maturity, increased vascular endothelial-like growth factor (VEGF), altered VEGF and insulin receptor profiles, and upregulation of genes involved in signal transduction, transcription and mitosis in placental endothelial cells. The placental vascular dysfunction does extend to other fetal vascular beds including endothelial cells from umbilical vessels, where there are reports of elevated basal iNOS activity and altered sensitivity to insulin. There is emerging evidence of epigenetic modulation of fetal endothelial genes in diabetes and long-term vascular consequences of this. Thus, placental vascular dysfunction in diabetes may be contributing to and describing disturbances in the fetal vasculature, which may produce an overt pathological response in later life if challenged with additional cardiovascular stresses. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Impact of Dietary Soy Isoflavones in Pregnancy on Fetal Programming of Endothelial Function in Offspring; Epidemiological evidence suggests that soy-based diets containing phytoestrogens (isoflavones) afford protection against cardiovascular diseases (CVDs); however, supplementation trials have largely reported only marginal health benefits. The molecular mechanisms by which the isoflavones genistein, daidzein, and equol afford protection against oxidative stress remain to be investigated in large scale clinical trials. Isoflavones are transferred across the placenta in both rodents and humans, yet there is limited information on their actions in pregnancy and the developmental origins of disease. Our studies established that feeding a soy isoflavone-rich diet during pregnancy, weaning, and postweaning affords cardiovascular protection in aged male rats. Notably, rats exposed to a soy isoflavone-deficient diet throughout pregnancy and adult life exhibited increased oxidative stress, diminished antioxidant enzyme and eNOS levels, endothelial dysfunction, and elevated blood pressure in vivo. The beneficial effects of refeeding isoflavones to isoflavone-deficient rats include an increased production of nitric oxide and EDHF, an upregulation of antioxidant defense enzymes and lowering of blood pressure in vivo. This review focuses on the role that isoflavones in the fetal circulation may play during fetal development in affording protection against CVD in the offspring via their ability to activate eNOS, EDHF, and redox-sensitive gene expression. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Global obesity and the effect on women's health; The rates of obesity are increasing in all areas of the world. The pattern of diseases in many areas of the world is shifting rapidly to diseases that are chronic and noncommunicable. These changes are occurring so rapidly that existing health care infrastructure in many parts of the world are likely to be stressed. Many aspects of women's health will be worsened as they become more obese. Coordinated efforts to reverse the obesity trend are being made and individuals and teams working within women's health globally should coordinate with existing efforts to provide data and consistent messages. © 2011 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
An overview of diabetes mellitus with emphasis on biochemical and clinical management; Type 2 diabetes (previously called "adult onset diabetes") is the most common form of diabetes accounting for about 90 to 95 percent of all diabetes cases. Diabetes can have a significant impact on quality of life by increasing risk for a variety of complications. The countries with the largest number of diabetic subjects are, and will be India, China and U.S. and in the former two countries diabetes occurs mostly in the age range of 45-64yrs, in contrast with an age of >65 in the developed countries. Diabetic nephropathy is one of the most serious complications of diabetes and the most common cause of end stage renal disease.
Reference curve of the fetal ventricular septum area by the STIC method: Preliminary study; Background: Early detection of septal changes such as septal hypertrophy commonly present in fetuses of diabetic mothers would help reduce the high rates of infant mortality. Objective: Determine reference ranges for the fetal ventricular septal area through three-dimensional ultrasound (US3D) using the STIC method (Spatio-Temporal Image Correlation). Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional study with 69 pregnant women between the 18th and 33rd weeks of pregnancy. We used as a reference the four-chamber plane with the ROI (Region of Interest) positioned from the ventricles; the septum area were manually marked. To assess the correlation of the interventricular septum area with gestational age (GA), we constructed scatter plots and calculated Pearson's correlation coefficient (r), and the adjustment was performed by the coefficient of determination (R2). We calculated averages, medians, standard deviations (sd), as well as maximum and minimum values. To calculate the intraobserver reproducibility, we used the intraclass correlation coefficient (ICC). The interventricular septum thickness was measured and it was correlated with gestational age and the septal area rendering in 52 patients using the ICC. Results: The interventricular septum area was highly correlated with gestational age (r = 0.81), and the average increased from 0.47 cm2 in the 18th week to 2.42 cm2 in the 33rd of gestation. The intraobserver reproducibility was excellent with ICC = 0.994. No significant correlation was observed between the interventricular septum measurement and the GA (R2 = 0.200), as well as there was no correlation with the septal area rendering with ICC = 0.150. Conclusion: Reference intervals for the interventricular septum area between the 18th and the 33rd pregnancy week were determined to be highly reproducible.
Body weight - The importance of getting it right 'before' becoming pregnant; Although the use of folic acid supplements before and in the early stages of pregnancy is becoming increasingly well known, messages about the importance of obtaining a healthy body weight 'before' becoming pregnant do not appear to be as widely known and significantly add to financial stains placed upon health services. For women, being overweight or obese can reduce fertility, and increase the risk of developing gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and delivery complications in pregnancy. Equally, being underweight before becoming pregnancy can has its own health implications, including increased risk of small-for-gestational age (SGA) deliveries. Consequently, body weights outside recommended reference ranges before pregnancy may contribute to a cycle of poor intergenerational health. Health interventions are needed to help women obtain a healthy bodyweight and educate them about the importance of eating a healthy diet 'before' becoming pregnant. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
31st annual meeting of the society for maternal-fetal medicine; The annual meeting for the Society of Maternal-Fetal Medicine (SMFM) was held in San Francisco, CA, USA, on 7-12 February 2011. With over 2000 people in attendance, the meeting presented innovative basic science, clinical and epidemiological research. Under the leadership of Joshua Copel (Yale University School of Medicine, CT, USA), President of SMFM, and Alfred Abuhamad (Eastern Virgina Medical School, VA, USA), SMFM Program Chair, the meeting encompassed a wide variety of postgraduate courses, oral and poster sessions, and round-table luncheon presentations with world-renowned speakers. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Intrahepatic and adrenal hemorrhage as a rare cause of neonatal anemia; Vaginal delivery of the macrosomic fetus may result in hemorrhage of intra-abdominal organs. Mostly affected organs are the liver and adrenal glands. Hemorrhage of liver is usually occurs as a subcapsular hemorrhage and it is clinically presented an abdominal mass without symptoms of anemia. But intraparenchymal hemorrhage of liver is very rare and there is no sign of abdominal mass. However, in contrast to subcapsular hemorrhage, symptoms of anemia are rapidly developed in newborns. A macrosomic newborn by vaginal delivery at term. Within 6 h after delivery, the patient showed pallor without tachycardia and hypotension. In laboratory studies, hemoglobin level falled from 14 g/dL to 10 g/dL within 6 h. Physical examination revealed no signs of abdominal mass. Intraparenchymal hemorrhage in the sixth segment of liver and right adrenal hemorrhage were detected on the ultrasonographic scan. Hepatic function tests were normal in the whole follow-up period, and hemorrhage resolved within two weeks. Following months after discharge, adrenal hemorrhage also resolved without any complication. Hepatic hemorrhages, causing hemorrhagic anemia in neonates, usually occur in subcapsular form. Intraparen-chymal hepatic hemorrhage should especially be considered in those newborns, which are rapidly developed symptoms of anemia without any abdominal mass. Copyright © by Walter de Gruyter - Berlin - New York.
Exercise guidelines in pregnancy: new perspectives.; In 2002, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists published exercise guidelines for pregnancy, which suggested that in the absence of medical or obstetric complications, 30 minutes or more of moderate exercise a day on most, if not all, days of the week is recommended for pregnant women. However, these guidelines did not define 'moderate intensity' or the specific amount of weekly caloric expenditure from physical activity required. Recent research has determined that increasing physical activity energy expenditure to a minimum of 16 metabolic equivalent task (MET) hours per week, or preferably 28 MET hours per week, and increasing exercise intensity to ≥60% of heart rate reserve during pregnancy, reduces the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus and perhaps hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (i.e. gestational hypertension and pre-eclampsia) compared with less vigorous exercise. To achieve the target expenditure of 28 MET hours per week, one could walk at 3.2km per hour for 11.2 hours per week (2.5 METs, light intensity), or preferably exercise on a stationary bicycle for 4.7 hours per week (∼6-7 METs, vigorous intensity). The more vigorous the exercise, the less total time of exercise is required per week, resulting in ≥60% reduction in total exercise time compared with light intensity exercise. Light muscle strengthening performed over the second and third trimester of pregnancy has minimal effects on a newborn infant's body size and overall health. On the basis of this and other information, updated recommendations for exercise in pregnancy are suggested.
Congenital malformations prevalent among Egyptian children and associated risk factors; According to the World Health Organization the term congenital anomaly includes any morphological, functional, biochemical or molecular defects that may develop in the embryo and fetus from conception until birth, present at birth, whether detected at that time or not. Based on World Health Organization report, about 3 million fetuses and infants are born each year with major malformations. Several large population based studies place the incidence of major malformations at about 2-3% of all live births. In this study we tried to assess the frequency and nature of congenital malformations (CMs) among Egyptian infants and children as well as the associated maternal, paternal and neonatal risk factors. Patients (13,543) having CMs were detected among 660,280 child aged 0-18. years attending the Pediatric Hospital Ain Shams University during the period of the study (1995-2009), constituting 20/1000. Males were more affected than females (1.8:1). According to ICD-10 classification of congenital malformations the commonest system involved were, nervous system, followed by chromosomal abnormalities, genital organs, urinary system, musculoskeletal, circulatory system, eye, ear, face, and neck, other congenital anomalies, digestive system, cleft lip and palate, and respiratory anomalies. Among the maternal risk factors detected were multiparity, age of the mother at conception, maternal illness, exposure to pollutants, and intake of the drugs in first months. Consanguineous marriage was detected in 45.8% of patients. Surveys of CMs must be done in every country to provide prevalence, pattern of occurrence, nature, identify causes, and associated risk factors to prevent or reduce the occurrence of CMs. © 2011.
Use of a large diabetes electronic medical record system in India: Clinical and research applications; Background: The diabetes electronic medical record (DEMR) has emerged as an effective information management tool with the potential to improve diabetes care and research. This study reports on the usefulness of the DEMR system at Dr. Mohan's Diabetes Specialities Centre (DMDSC), Chennai, India, for clinical and research purposes. Methods: The DEMR, set up in 1996 at DMDSC, connects data of nine centers/clinics in different geographical areas in Southern India. The present data analysis is based on a total of 226,228 patients registered in the DEMR system at DMDSC between the years 1991 and 2010. Results: The DEMR included data of 139,906 male and 86,322 female patients, of whom 92.6% had type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), 1.4% had type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM), and the rest had other types. Patients with T2DM had higher prevalence rates of neuropathy (33.1% vs 13.0%, p < .001), microalbuminuria (25.5% vs 20.0%, p < .001), coronary artery disease (17.5% vs 9.2%, p < .001) and peripheral vascular disease (3.9% vs 2.8%, p = .017) compared with T1DM patients, while prevalence of diabetic retinopathy was similar (37.9% vs 35.7%, p = .06). Prevalence of microvascular and macrovascular complications of diabetes increased with increasing glycated hemoglobin levels ( p for trend < .001) and increasing diabetes duration ( p for trend < .001). Conclusions: The DEMR helps track diabetes care and is a valuable tool for research. © Diabetes Technology Society.
Diet strategies in patients with polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential components of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients also show a metabolic syndrome (MetS) which is associated with gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss which is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and few long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be endorsed. Low fat, high carbohydrate diets do not accomplish that. In contrast a low glycemic and insulinemic (LOGI) diet which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Medical record review to recover missing data in a Portuguese birth cohort: Agreement with self-reported data collected by questionnaire and inter-rater variability; Objectives: To assess the yield of medical record review to recover missing data originally collected by questionnaire, to analyze the agreement between these two data sources and to determine interobserver variability in clinical record review. Methods: We analyzed data from a birth cohort of 8,127 women who were consecutively recruited after giving birth from 2005-2006. Recruitment was conducted at all public maternity units of Porto, Portugal. We reviewed the medical records of 3,657 women with missing data in the baseline questionnaire and assessed agreement between these two sources by using information from participants with data from both sources. Interobserver variability was assessed by using 400 randomly selected clinical records. Results: Data on pregnancy complications and maternal anthropometric parameters were successfully recovered. Agreement between the questionnaire and records in family history data was fair, particularly for cardiovascular disease [k = 0.27; 95% confidence interval (95%CI): 0.23-0.32]. The highest agreement was observed for personal history of diabetes (k = 0.82; 95%CI 0.70-0.93), while agreement for hypertension was moderate (k = 0.60; 95%CI 0.50-0.69). Discrepancies in prepregnancy body mass index classes were observed in 10.3% women. Data were highly consistent between the two reviewers, with the highest agreement found for gestational diabetes (k = 1.00) and birth weight (99.5% concordance). Conclusion: Data from the medical records and questionnaire were concordant with regard to pregnancy and well-known risk factors. The low interobserver variability did not threaten the precision of our data. © 2010 SESPAS.
Diastolic dysfunction in fetuses of Diabetic Mothers, Prenatal two dimensional and Doppler echocardiography study; Background: Pre-gestational diabetes occurs in 0.5%, while gestational diabetes occurs in 1-4%. Fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to maternal diabetes occurs in up to 35% of fetuses and may cause ventricular diastolic dysfunction, that can be evaluated by echocardiography. Our purpose was to evaluate cardiac diastolic function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using pulmonary veins Doppler flow velocity pattern. Methods: Using trans-thoracic echocardiography in 65 pregnant women, Doppler flow velocity pattern in the pulmonary veins, mitral and tricuspid valves, and M-mode echocardiography measurement of Right and left ventricular free wall, (RV/LV FW), and interventricular septal (IVS) thickness were recorded. All women were divided into three groups: Group 1: included 21 women with pre - gestational diabetes. Group 2: included 25 women with Gestational diabetes. Group 3: included 19 without diabetes. Gestational age was 32-35 wk. All the fetuses were without cardiac or extracardiac malformations. Results: Mean gestational age of the study fetuses was 33+/-2 weeks. Pulmonary veins Doppler, interventricular septum and left and right ventricular free wall diameters were recorded in the three groups. Results were in all groups (Group 1 - Pre- Gestational Diabetes, group 2 Gestational Diabetes and group 3 Controls ) were respectively as follows: Mean PV S/D ratio was (0.74, 0.64, 0.62): Left ventricular free wall (3.59 mm. 3.52mm. 2.53mm) and right ventricular free wall 3.48 mm, 3.57 mm, 2.77 mm. Conclusion: Myocardial hypertrophy in Pregestational and gestational diabetes may cause ventricular dysfunction that can be evaluated by Doppler echocardiography of pulmonary veins. Pulmonary veins Pulsatility are higher in fetuses with normal glycemia.
Fetal Cardiomyopathy multicentre study: Aethiology and clinical outcome; Objectives: Although prenatal diagnosis of cardiomyopathy (CM) is rare, it has a high mortality and morbidity. The aim of our study is to describe the underlying causes, hemodynamic and echocardiographic findings and the outcome of these patients. Methods: Multicentre retrospective study between January 2007 and November 2010 at 6 tertiary Spanish centres. We included 45 fetuses with dilated (DCM), hypertrofic (HCM) or Non Compactation (NCCM) cardiomiopathy. We excluded fetuses with congenital heart disease, arrhythmias, twin-twin transfusion and hypervolemic causes. Mean gestational age at diagnosis was 26 weeks (range 17-38 GW), with 2 twin pregnancies. Post-natal follow-up or necropsy was achieved in 92% of cases. Results: DCM was diagnosed in 26 cases including 3 congenital infections, 4 endocardial fibroelastosis due to maternal anti-Ro/ La and 19 idiopathic causes. During postnatal life 4 dilated cases turned out to be NCCM. 17 fetuses had HCM: 1 with familial hypertrophy, 4 associated with maternal diabetes, 3 with Noonan Sindrome, 1 Pompe, 1 with polichystic kidneys and 7 with idiopathic hypertrophy. Intrauterine diagnosis of NCCM was found in 2 cases. Fetal echocardiographic findings were: cardiomegaly 80%, abnormal Ductus Venosus/inferior vena cava flow 63%, tricuspid or mitral regurgitation 56%, systolic dysfunction 43%, diastolic dysfunction 33%, prolonged Isovolumetric relaxation time and Tei Index 71% (when measured). Hydrops was found in 38% of cases. Termination of pregnancy and intrauterine death occurred in 20% and 9% of patients. Transplacental medication was administered to 7% of fetuses. Fetuses with tricuspid/mitral regurgitation, prolonged Tei index and anomalous venous flow had a higher mortality. Out of the 23 pregnancies that continued, 16% died perinatally, 8% died before 2 years old, and 4% (2) were included in heart transplant program (1 died on Berlin Heart). Overall survival was 44% (56% in nonhydropic fetuses compared to 21% in hydropic fetuses), 47% of the survivors are under oral medication. Conclusions: Fetal cardiomiopathy has a high prenatal and postnatal mortality. Hydrops, tricuspid/mitral regurgitation and abnormal venous flow pattern are strong predictors of poor outcome. Diagnosis of NCCM is feasible during fetal life.
Heart disease in the newborn of diabetic mother. Usefulness of echocardiographic assessment; Objectives: To present the main aspects of cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mother and utility of echocardiography (Echo) for the diagnosis and follow-up their evolution. Methods: Patients: 76 newborns of diabetic mothers, follow up over a period of 6 years. Patients were investigated in the first week of life and 49 were re evaluated at 6-12 month, by clinical exam, ECG, cardiothoracic radiography (Rx.CT) and Doppler echo for congenital and/or acquired cardiac diseases. Fetal echo was performed in 36 cases after 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Fetal echo showed: cardiomegaly and myocardial hypertrophy of left ventricle (LV) in 9 cases, confirmed by postnatal echo. Clinical exam in newborn: macrosomia in 40% cases, in 32 patients a systolic murmur was found, only 2 cases with signs of heart failure and the other being asymptomatic or presenting signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy in 14 cases and disturbed ventricular repolarization in 30 cases. Rx.CT: cardiomegaly (12). Echo showed: non obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) with asymmetric IVS hypertrophy (32 cases: 42%), arterial pulmonary hypertension (5), LV diastolic dysfunction with normal systolic function (52% of cases) and congenital cardiac anomalies: PDA. (6), VSD. (3), coarctation of aorta (1), ASD. (4 cases). LV myocardial hypertrophy was not significantly correlated with the type of mother's diabetes, before pregnancy or gestational, but rather to an inadequate control of disease. Control performed at 6-12 months (21 cases) revealed a normal morphological cardiac aspect in 14 cases or significant reduction of HCMP. (7 cases), all of them showing normal diastolic and systolic LV function. Conclusions: Newborn of diabetic mother presents a high risk for cardiac involvement, either cardiac congenital malformations (19%) or acquired cardiac pathology: HCMP. (42% of cases) and disturbances of diastolic function of LV. (53%). This fact justify early cardiologic screening for all of these newborns with or without of cardiac suffering symptoms. Fetal echo provides useful data for diabetic pregnant women and should be made mandatory to all these patients. Echocardiography is the most sensitive and noninvasive method of diagnostic, useful for primary diagnostic as well as for follow up.
A randomized, controlled trial comparing standard postoperative diet with low-volume high-calorie oral supplements in colorectal patients; Purpose: To determine effects of low volume high calorie prescribed supplemental nutrition on patient outcome following elective colorectal surgery. Methods: Ethical approval was obtained from local research ethics committee. Consecutive patients undergoing elective colorectal surgical resections were randomised to receive prescribed supplementation (SG)-[standard diet + 6 x 60 mls/day of Pro-Cal∗; n=26] or conventional postoperative diet(CG)-[standard diet alone; n=26] using sealed envelopes containing computer generated random numbers. Preoperative exclusion criteria: dementia, pregnancy, diabetes mellitus, <16ys age, arthritis of hand. Preoperative and daily postoperative handgrip strength (GS) was measured using a grip dynamometer. Prospective record of daily food intake, return of bowel activity and length of hospital stay was noted in proformas. Microdiet standardised software was used to analyse food diaries and nutrition calculations. Non-parametric tests were used for analysis of results. ∗ Pro-Cal (VitaFlo Limited, Liverpool, UK); 60mls=200Kcal + 4 gm protein Results: Four enrolled patients were later excluded from the study due to ITU admission requiring nasogastric feeding - analysis was performed on 52 patients (26 per group). There was no significant difference in median preoperative and postoperative handgrip strengths within each group(CG:26.9 Kpa v/s 28.1 Kpa; p= 0.37 & SG: 31.7 v/s 31.7; p value= 0.93). The total median daily calorie intake was significantly better in SG (818.5 Kcal v/s 528 Kcal; p= 0.01. The median Length of Stay was significantly shorter in SG (6.5 days v/s CG 9 days; p =0.04). There was no significant difference in return of bowel activity ( median days to first bowel movement- SG:3.5d v/s CG: 4d; p= 0.10)) between the two groups Conclusions: Postoperative prescribed high calorie oral supplementary nutrition results in significantly improved total daily oral calorie intake and decreases postoperative hospital stay following elective colorectal surgery. (Table Presented).
N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide is decreased in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus: A prospective cohort trial; Background: N-terminal-pro-brain natriuretic peptide (NT-proBNP) is elevated in gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This trial aimed to generate data for gestational diabetes mellitus patients, who are at risk to develop these complications.Methods: We have measured NT-proBNP in 223 otherwise healthy women between gestational week 24 and 32 referred to the outpatient diabetes unit in a cross-sectional study.Results: 88 control subjects, 45 patients with indication for medical nutrition therapy (MNT) alone and 90 patients who required insulin therapy were included. Groups of women were comparable regarding gestational week. Body mass index before pregnancy and at blood draw was significantly higher in subjects with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus compared to MNT controlled gestational diabetes mellitus. NT-proBNP was significantly lower in patients with insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus (35 ± 25 pg/ml) compared to controls (53 ± 43 pg/ml, p = 0.012).Conclusions: NT-proBNP is within the reference range of normal subjects in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. Differences in body mass index, changes in glomerular filtration rate and haemodynamics may explain lower NT-proBNP concentrations in insulin dependent gestational diabetes mellitus. A false negative interpretation needs to be considered in these women. © 2011 Andreas et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Ethnic predilection of heterotaxy syndrome: A population based study of three million births; Background: Heterotaxy Syndrome (HTX) is a constellation of defects often involving complex congenital heart disease and abnormal lateralization of thoracic and abdominal organs. Variable defnitions and incomplete diagnoses in previous studies have resulted in widely divergent estimates of HTX prevalence. Reports in the literature have documented higher prevalence of HTX in Asians and Blacks. Preliminary data from our institution suggested that the prevalence of HTX was higher in Hispanics overall. Possible discrepancies in prevalence and racial/ethnic predilection led us to perform a population-based study of statewide cases of HTX in Texas. Methods: Utilizing the Texas Birth Defects Registry, we performed an epidemiologic descriptive study of children born with HTX from 1999-2006. Epidemiologists from the Texas Epidemiology and Surveillance branch analyzed and reviewed the data by various geographic profiles; maternal age, race/ethnicity, education, and diabetes; and sex of children born with HTX. Results: Of nearly 3 million births, we identified 373 HTX patients: 44% male, 55% female. Diabetic mothers were almost 3 times more likely to have a child with HTX than non-diabetic mothers (unadjusted prevalence ratio (PR) 2.91; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.98-4.14). Non-diabetic mothers were 71% more likely to have a child with HTX if Hispanic (PR 1.71; 95% CI 1.33-2.21) and 61% more likely if Black (PR 1.61; 95% CI 1.11-2.32), when compared to Whites. Excluding Hispanics, there was an association between female sex and HTX (PR 1.31; 95% CI 1.07-1.61), particularly among Whites (PR 1.82; 95% CI 1.22-2.75). There was no geographic clustering of HTX cases in rural areas or at the U.S.-Mexico border. Mortality for live born children with HTX in the first year of life was 37.5%, regardless of surgical status. Conclusions: We found higher rates of HTX in Hispanic and Black children born to non-diabetic mothers. Maternal diabetes is an important risk factor in having a child with HTX, regardless of race/ethnicity. Higher rates of HTX in Hispanic, Black, and female children warrant further investigation.
Metabolic syndrome and polycystic ovary syndrome; The consequences of PCOS are the subject of constant research, yet a number of scientific reports underline the fact that in women with PCOS, there appear higher risk of glucose intolerance and diabetes type 2, hypertension, dislipidemia and atherosclerosis. The effects of PCOS reach beyond women's reproductive axis. Metabolic syndrome occurs in 43-46% of patients with PCOS, which constitutes two times more than in women population. Insuline resistance and hyperinsulinemia are key disorders in both syndromes. Obesity, gestational diabetes, positive family history of diabetes type 2 and metabolic syndrome constitute a risk factor for metabolic disorder development in patients with PCOS. Farmacological treatment of PCO syndrome depends on dominating symptoms and patient's current needs taking into account her reproductive status. For a long time, medicines which reduce insuline resistance have been used to treat PCOS, in ovulation stimulation as well as in improvement of metabolic disorders. Insuline sensitivity improvement via reduction of body weight (diet, physical exercises) and choosing active lifestyle appears to be a standard.
Therapeutic management of type 1 diabetes before and during pregnancy; Introduction: Pregnancy increases the risks of adverse outcomes for mother and infant in women with type 1 diabetes. Obtaining and maintaining adequate glycemic control during pregnancy is crucial for optimizing outcomes. Areas covered: The importance of prepregnancy planning and treatment during pregnancy is reviewed. The use of insulin analogues and antihypertensive drugs in diabetic pregnancy are in focus. The reader is presented with evidence discussing the importance of prepregnancy counseling and treatment during pregnancy in women with type 1 diabetes. Expert opinion: Tight glycemic control before and during pregnancy is crucial and the prevalence of severe hypoglycemia during pregnancy needs to be reduced. Rapid-acting insulin analogues are regarded as safe to use in pregnancy and studies on long-acting insulin analogues are in the pipeline. Supplementation with folic acid may reduce the risk of malformations. Screening for diabetic retinopathy, diabetic nephropathy and thyroid dysfunction is important, and indications for antihypertensive treatment and treatment of thyroid dysfunction need to be in focus before and during pregnancy. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Thrombocytopenia in Pregnancy; Thrombocytopenia in pregnancy is most frequently a benign process that does not require intervention. However, 35% of cases of thrombocytopenia in pregnancy are related to disease processes that may have serious bleeding consequences at delivery or for which thrombocytopenia may be an indicator of a more severe systemic disorder requiring emergent maternal and fetal care. Thus, all pregnant women with platelet counts less than 100,000/μL require careful hematological and obstetric consultation to exclude more serious disorders. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Duration of lactation and maternal adipokines at 3 years postpartum; OBJECTIVE - Lactation has been associated with reduced maternal risk of type 2 diabetes, the metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. We examined the relationship between breastfeeding duration and maternal adipokines at 3 years post-partum. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We used linear regression to relate the duration of lactation to maternal leptin, adiponectin, ghrelin, and peptide YY (PYY) at 3 years postpartum among 570 participants with 3-year postpartum blood samples (178 fasting), prospectively collected lactation history, and no intervening pregnancy in Project Viva, a cohort study of mothers and children. RESULTS - A total of 88% of mothers had initiated breastfeeding, 26% had breastfed ≥12 months, and 42% had exclusively breastfed for ≥3 months. In multivariate analyses, we found that duration of total breastfeeding was directly related to PYY and ghrelin, and exclusive breastfeeding duration was directly related to ghrelin (predicted mean for never exclusively breastfeeding: 790.6 pg/mL vs. ≥6 months of exclusive breastfeeding: 1,008.1 pg/mL; P < 0.01) at 3 years postpartum, adjusting for pregravid BMI, gestational weight gain, family history of diabetes, parity, smoking status, and age. We found a nonlinear pattern of association between exclusive breastfeeding duration and adiponectin in multivariate-adjusted models. CONCLUSIONS - In this prospective cohort study, we found a direct relationship between the duration of lactation and both ghrelin and PYY at 3 years postpartum. © 2011 by the American Diabetes Association.
Hypertension Complicating Diabetic Pregnancies: Pathophysiology, Management, and Controversies; Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP), including pre-existing hypertension, gestational hypertension, and preeclampsia, further complicate already high-risk pregnancies in women with diabetes mellitus (DM). Women with both pre-existing and gestational diabetes are at increased risk for HDP, leading to higher maternal and fetal morbidity. Further, particularly in diabetic women and women with a history of gestational diabetes, HDP significantly increases the risk for future cardiovascular events. For clinicians, women with hypertension and diabetes during pregnancy pose a management challenge. Specifically, preconception management should stress strict control of glycemia, blood pressure, and prevention of diabetic complications, specifically nephropathy, which specifically increases the risk for preeclampsia. During gestation, clinicians must be aware of potential maternal and fetal complications associated with various anti-hypertensive therapies, including known fetotoxicity of ACE inhibitors and ARBs when given in the 2nd or 3rd trimester, and the risks and benefits of expectant management versus delivery in cases of severe gestational hypertension or preeclampsia. Indeed, diabetic women must be followed closely prior to conception and throughout gestation to minimize the risk of HDP and its associated complications. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Adverse consequences of accelerated neonatal growth: Cardiovascular and renal issues; Epidemiological and experimental studies show that the risk of cardiovascular and metabolic diseases at adulthood is inversely related to the weight at birth. Although with less evidence, low birth weight has been suggested to increase the risk of chronic kidney disease (CKD). It is well established that the developmental programming of arterial hypertension and of renal disease involves in particular renal factors, especially nephron endowment, which is reduced in low birth weight and maternal diabetes situations. Experimental studies, especially in rodents, have demonstrated the long-term influence of postnatal nutrition and/or postnatal growth on cardiovascular, metabolic and renal functions, while human data are scarce on this issue. Vascular and renal diseases appear to have a "multihits" origin, with reduced nephron number the initial hit and rapid postnatal growth the second hit. This review addresses the current understanding of the role of the kidney, both as a mechanism and as a target, in the developmental origins of adult disease theory, with a particular focus on the long-term effects of postnatal growth and nutrition. © 2010 IPNA.
Chronic hypertension in pregnancy; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Chronic hypertension is frequent in pregnant women as well. The objective of this review is to evaluate the maternal characteristics, pregnancy complications and birth outcomes including congenital abnormalities of pregnant women with chronic hypertension by reviewing the results of published studies and mainly the data of the population-based data set of the Hungarian Case-Control Surveillance System of Congenital Abnormalities. A second aim of the review is to examine the efficacy of antihypertensive drug treatments in the reduction of pregnancy-associated risks in women with chronic hypertension. RECENT FINDINGS: Pregnant women with treated chronic hypertension had a higher risk - beyond the well known pre-eclampsia and low birthweight newborns - of threatened abortion and preterm delivery, placental disorders and gestational diabetes. In addition a higher risk of hypospadias in one and of esophageal atresia/stenosis in another study was found in the children of pregnant women with chronic hypertension. These latter findings are signals which need confirmation or rejection in other studies. SUMMARY: The present antihypertensive treatments do not neutralize the harm of severe chronic hypertension in pregnant women and in their offspring, thus it is necessary to introduce more effective drug combinations for the treatment of pregnant women with severe chronic hypertension. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Role of HIF-1α in maternal hyperglycemia-induced embryonic vasculopathy; Objective: Maternal diabetes adversely impacts embryonic vasculogenesis, which results in embryonic vasculopathy. The purpose of our study is to determine whether hypoxia inducible factor (HIF)-1α plays a role in diabetic embryonic vasculopathy. Study Design: Levels of HIF-1α were determined in mouse conceptuses. Conceptuses on day 7 of pregnancy were cultured under euglycemic (150 mg/dL glucose) and hyperglycemic (300 mg/dL) conditions with or without AdCA5, or in the presence or absence of 2.0 μg/mL human recombinant thioredoxin, an endogenous antioxidant protein. AdCA5 is an adenovirus encoding a constitutively active form of HIF-1α. Results: Maternal diabetes significantly reduced HIF-1α protein expression. The administration of 1 μL (1 × 107 infectious units/mL) per 1 mL culture medium AdCA5 completely reversed hyperglycemia-reduced vasculature morphological scores and vascular endothelial growth factor expression. Thioredoxin treatment reversed hyperglycemia-reduced HIF-1α levels. Conclusion: We conclude that reduced HIF-1α plays a critical role in the induction of diabetic embryonic vasculopathy, and that oxidative stress is implicated in hyperglycemia-induced HIF-1α reduction. © 2011 Mosby, Inc.
Microalbuminuria in women with prior gestational diabetes; Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. The relationship between microalbuminuria, as a marker of cardiovascular risk, and glucose abnormalities was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery. We prospectively studied 198 women with pGDM. According to OGTT, we divided into two groups: pGDM with normal glucose tolerance post-partum (NG) (66.8%) and pGDM with abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum (AG) (33.2%). Insulin sensitivity was derived using HOMA. Metabolic syndrome (MS) was defined by ATP-III. We collected obstetric history, personal history of pGDM and personal and family history of cardiovascular risk factors. The mean age was 33.45 ± 4.5 years.; 26,25% smoking, 15,6% history of dyslipemia, 30% had history of previous abortions. 62.34% of women had first-degree relatives with type 2 DM and 59.25% had family history of hypertension The prevalence of MS was higher (32.3%) in AG group than in NG (14.7%); P < 0.005. In addition, AG group had higher values of BMI and WC vs NG group (28.86 ± 4.5 vs 22.70 ± 3.1 kg/m2; P < 0.005 and 93.76 ± 6.1 vs 80.34 ± 4.6; P < 0.05, respectively). Fasting glucose and 2 hour -glucose levels were higher in AG group than NG (98.85 ± 7.7 vs 80.2 ± 5.6 mg/dL, P < 0.005 and 166.57 ± 23 vs 119.4 ± 20 mg/dL). Fasting insulin and HOMA values were significantly higher in AG than NG; P < 0.005. Microalbuminuria levels in AG group were greater (29.4 ± 13 mg/24 hour) vs NT (11.67 ± 4.7 mg/24 hour; P < 0.05). No differences in renal function. In addition, AG group presented a higher prevalence of family history of type 2 DM (68,7% vs 48%, P < 0.01). In conclusion, women with pGDM have a high prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and MS. Microalbuminuria levels were in normal range although in AG group those values were higher than in NG group. Thus women with pGDM and family history of type 2 DM may be especially suitable interventions aimed at preventing or reducing type 2 DM and probably cardiovascular events.
Goltz syndrome: Rare syndrome with multiorgan system involvement; Case Presentation: A baby girl was born about 6 months ago after a cesarean section at 36 weeks with APGARs of 8 and 8 and body weight of 2030 g and received routine resuscitation. Mother is a 33-year-old Asian Indian G3P2 and had normal PNL. The mother's pregnancy was complicated by gestational diabetes, neurofibromatosis, and intrauterine growth restriction. The infant was admitted to the neonatal intensive care unit because of extensive abnormal physical findings. She had a low anterior hair line and sparse, patchy scalp hair, a broad nasal tip, and a tilted and asymmetric nose. Ears were low set with thin pinnae and hypopigmentation. She had unremarkable heart, neurological, and pulmonary examinations. Abdomen was soft, nontender, with normal bowel sounds, and there was a 5 × 8 cm omphalocele in the umbilical area with a 3-vessel umbilical cord. External genitalia were normal looking with an open skin lesion between vulva and anus. Musculoskeletal system (MSS) examination was unremarkable except for a right hand with syndactyly of ring and middle fingers, right foot with syndactyly of toes and left foot, with a big cleft running on the dorsum aspect separating syndactilized toes with ectrodactyly. These findings have been described as lobster clawing of hands and feet. Skin exam showed lesions on the bilateral axilla, left thigh, and perineum. Linear lesions had thin atrophic skin, depressed edges, soft, pinkish saccular nodules called fat herniations, looked like ulcers, and follow (Images Presented). line of Blaschko's. The rest of the skin had xerosis and multiple macular hypopigmented areas. She had an unremarkable complete blood count, comprehensive metabolic panel, chest x-ray, KUB, renal and head ultrasound, and x-rays of bilateral upper and lower extremities except for the hands and feet. Skin biopsy showed focal areas of decreased dermal collagen. Surgery repaired her omphalocele on day 11 of life. She was cleared by cardiology and ophthalmology after having a normal echocardiogram and eye exam, respectively. Orthopedic recommended to start physical therapy/ occupational therapy and had casting of the bilateral feet at 2 weeks of age. The dermatologist recommended treating the skin lesions with Aquaphor. Genetics recommended sending the PORCN gene mutation on X chromosome with karyotyping. Discussion: Goltz syndrome is a clinical diagnosis confirmed by genetic testing. At birth the differential diagnoses were aplasia cutis congenita, MIDAS syndrome, Aicardi syndrome, and Proteus syndrome. Goltz syndrome is characterized by distinctive skin features and involvement of the teeth, eyes, and skeletal, urinary, gastrointestinal, cardiovascular system, and central nervous systems. It is an X-linked dominant disease and lethal in the male. It is also known as focal dermal hypoplasia, where the term FOCAL stands for female sex, osteopathia striata, coloboma, absent ectodermis, mesodermis and neurodermis derived elements, and lobster claw deformity. Conclusions: We confirmed the diagnosis of Goltz syndrome with PORCN gene mutation in our patient. Most of the multiorgan abnormalities in the syndrome are present at birth and remain essentially unchanged thereafter. The initial inflammatory stage of skin at birth usually subsides in the first few months life. Mental impairment is uncommon, and only 15% of reported cases have mental impairment. Surgical treatments are targeted toward the MSS anomalies with the goal of achieving optimal functional and aesthetic results.
Lipid profile, left ventricular mass index and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness in macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers; Studies, for putting forward that intrauterine metabolic changes in macrosomic babies will be increasing the atherosclerotic phase in their future lives, are still going on. We aimed to investigate the relationship between lipid profile of umblical cord blood, left ventricular mass index, liver craniocaudal diameter, portal vein diameter, and abdominal aortic intima-media thickness, in macrosomic newborns. Lipid profile of umblical cord blood was measured in 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group I) and 30 macrosomic neonates with normal body weights of their gestational age (group II). Left ventricular mass index, liver craniocaudal diameter, abdominal aortic intima-media thickness and portal vein diameter were identified. Mean abdominal aortic intima-media thickness of groups I and II (0.47 ± 0.059 and 0.50 ± 0.094 mm respectively) resulted similar. Clear lipid profile changes cannot be identified in macrosomic babies. In means of left ventricular mass indexed for body surface, no significant statistical difference can be identified between the macrosomic babies and babies of control group. Linear relationship was identified between left ventricular mass and newborn's body weight, body height, head circumference and pre-pregnant maternal weight. Lipid profile changes, abdominal aortic intima-media thickness and left ventricular mass indexed for body surface for macrosomic neonates of non diabetic mothers were resulted similar with the babies in the control group. These results cannot be identified as risk factors for future atherosclerosis development, in terms of structural macrosomia.
Metabolic syndrome and short stature in a student population of lima; Objective: We conducted a study at Wiener University of Lima to determine the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and relation to short stature and body mass index. Methodology: Descriptive transversal study (185 consecutive students). Exclusion Criteria: Pregnancy, Diabetes mellitus diagnosis, High blood pressure, Stroke, cardiovascular disease and subjects who did not accept to participate. Variables: Short Stature based on the official mexican norm for obesity study (males =< 160 cm, females =< 150 cm), Body Mass Index (BMI), Metabolic Syndrome (MS) based on the IDF definition. Results: Of the 185 students with mean age 19,7 years, 87.6% were females. The Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome was 4%. The mean of MS components were HDL: 40,58mg% in males, and 42,3mg% in females. The other components were within the normal range. The mean of BMI was 23.23 in males and 23.42 in females. MS in short and higher stature groups was 4%. Short stature prevalence was 27%. In the higher stature group, 49% had normal BMI, and within this group, 56% had low HDL. In the short stature group, 68% had normal BMI and within this group, 60% had low HDL. Conclusions: The prevalence of metabolic syndrome in the students is low. HDL levels are low in both males and females. The prevalence of short stature is moderately high. Lower HDL in short stature subjects with normal BMI, compared to higher stature subjects.
C-reactive protein and interleukin 6 are related to metabolic syndrome in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: An increased risk of metabolic syndrome (MS) was seen among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). Inflammatory process as evidenced by markers such as C-reactive protein (CRP) and interleukins have a great contribution in this process. We performed this survey to examine the relationship between CRP, pGDM and MS. Research design and Methods: 77 women with previous GDM and 67 randomly sampled women free from GDM participated in this study, 2-3 years after index pregnancy. Laboratory and anthropometric measurements were performed. MS was defined according to ATP III criteria. Statistical analyses were conducted using SPSS. Results: Logarithm of CRP (Log CRP) (skewed distribution) did not differ significantly between groups with and without pGDM (P=0.06). Level of interleukin 6 was higher significantly in MS subjects. (3.07 ±1.94 and 4.16 ± 2.25; P=0.01, in non MS and MS subjects respectively). Both GDM and CRP levels were independently related to MS. [Odds Ratio (OR) =3.30; Confidence Interval (CI):1.19-9.13; P=0.02 and OR=4.91; CI: 1.97-12.21; P=0.00, respectively]. We observed increased risk of MS in subjects who had both high levels of CRP and pGDM (as compared to those who had none of them) (OR=15.83; CI: 4.21-51.47; P=0.00).also Interleukin 6 level without categorization related to MS (OR=1.65; CI:1.22-2.24; P=0.00). Conclusion: Inflammation, characterized by high CRP levels, may contribute to the development of MS and cardiovascular disease among women with pGDM. So measurement of concentrations of inflammatory markers can be used practically as a guide to prevention and/or monitoring treatment of MS.
NQ15 - Sex differences in the expression of liver X receptors in the brain; Glucose and lipid metabolism alterations are common to diabetes and Alzheimer's disease. The oxiesteroids play an important regulatory effect. Here we evaluate the presence of specific receptors in the hypothalamus (HT) and cerebellum (Cb) from male and females 9 months old rats, born of diabetic (OD) and controls (OC) mothers. We used a gestational diabetes model to study the expression of these proteins by western blot. Animals were subjected to a glucose load before sacrifice. OD male progeny, showed a tendency to be intolerant to glucose. In the case of OD female, the average response was similar to OC, only one animal showed a clear delay in the response. LXR-α expression showed no differences between OD and OC either male or female in Cb, and it could not be detected in the HT. LXR-β showed a significant increase in Cb in both OD sexes, whereas in HT there was an increase in OD females, and a decrease in OD males. The results indicate that gestational diabetes affects the offspring's neural circuitry, differently in males than in females. In 9 months old male rat, causes an altered expression of LXR-β in the HT, which could be related to the ability to regulate properly, a glucose load.
A comparative study of eating habit and food intake of korean women with gestational diabetes according to early postpartum glucose level; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM) are at high risk for Type 2 diabetes mellitus(DM) and cardiovascular disease(CVD). However, little is known about dietary patterns of GDM women after delivery. We compared the eating habits and food intakes of Korean GDM women in the early postpartum period according to postpartum glucose tolerance. After performed a 75g oral glucose tolerance test in 184 women with GDM at 6-12 weeks after delivery, they were divided into three groups; normal glucose tolerance(NGT, n=100), prediabetes(n=73), and DM(n=11) according to ADA criteria. Eating habits and usual food intakes after delivery were investigated by survey questionnaires and 24-h recalls with a trained dietitian. Biochemical parameters were measured at pre- and post-delivery. Serum triglyceride concentration and blood pressure were higher in the DM group than the NGT group. Eating habits were not significantly different among the three groups. Animal fat consumption was higher in the prediabetes and DM groups than in the NGT group, and dietary cholesterol in the prediabetes group was higher than in the NGT group. The intake ratio of fat calories to total calories was also significantly higher in the prediabetes group. In conclusion, it may be important to educate women with GDM about the risks of excessive animal fat and cholesterol intakes during pregnancy and the postpartum period in order to prevent Type 2 DM and CVD.
Coronary artery formation in the offspring of female mice with pregestational diabetes; Women with pregestational diabetes have a 5-fold increased risk of congenital heart defects in their offspring. Major congenital heart diseases involving malformation of ventricles, atria and great arteries have been reported in humans and diabetic animal models. Whether the coronary artery formation is affected by maternal diabetes remains elusive. We investigated coronary artery formation in the offspring of mice with pregestational diabetes. Adult C57BL/6 female mice were treated with streptozotocin to induce diabetes. One week later, they were bred with C57BL/6 males and their offspring was harvested at E9.5, E12.5 and P1. Hearts were evaluated for coronary artery morphology and immunostained for Wilm's tumor-1 protein to study changes in proepicardium organ (PEO) and the epicardium. Our results showed that coronary arteries total volume was significantly decreased in the offspring of diabetic mice at P1. PEO at E9.5 was similar in size between the offspring of diabetic and non-diabetic mice. However, a significant reduction in the number of epicardial cells was observed in the diabetic offspring at E12.5. We conclude that pregeatational diabetes induces coronary artery malformation possibly by disrupting epicardial development, which is critical for formation of coronary arteries through epithelial to mesenchymal transformation.
Relation between maternal subcutaneous fat tissue thickness and inflammatory markers; Amac¸ Subcutaneous abdominal fat thickness (SCFT) is important for predisposition to metabolic diseases. Our aim was to evaluate maternal subcutaneous fat thickness and metabolic changes (such as insulin resistance and high inflammatory markers) during pregnancy. Gerec¸ ve Yöntem SCFT was measured by ultrasonography in 24-28 weeks pregnant women and the results were compared with oral glucose loading test (OGL) results, heamatologic, biochemical and fetal biometric parameters. Bulgular After analysis of frequency for SCFT, most appropriate cut off value for grouping patients were found as 15 mms. High CRP was found in 47.9 % (23) of cases with SCFT over 15 mms. Also serum HbA1c levels was significantly associated with SCFT thickness. Most important factors for determination of OGL level were found as HbA1c, bodymass index (BMI) and SCFT. In obese subjects (BMI 3 25), levels of inflammatory markers and SCFT thickness were high. CRP and GGT levels were also significantly correlated with BMI and SCFT. Sonuc¸ High SCFT during pregnancy is associated with elevated inflammatory marker levels and HbA1c. So pregnant women with thicker SCFT must be followed carefully for development of metabolic complication of pregnancy such as gestational diabetes and hypertension as well as risk of future metabolic and cardiovascular disease.
The effect of new antepartum weight gain guidelines and prepregnancy body mass index on the development of pregnancy-related hypertension; We evaluated the impact of adherence to the new Institute of Medicine weight gain guidelines within each prepregnancy body mass index (PPBMI) category on the development of pregnancy-related hypertension (PRH). Patients with singleton term deliveries (37 weeks) with documented PPBMI and pregnancy weight gain information were identified from a database of women enrolled for outpatient nursing services. Included were women without history of cardiovascular disease, PRH, or diabetes at initiation of services (n = 7676). Data were stratified by PPBMI (underweight = < 18.5 kg/m2; normal weight = 18.5 to 24.9 kg/m2; overweight = 25.0 to 29.9 kg/m 2; obese = 30.0 kg/m2). PRH rates were compared overall and within each PPBMI group for those women gaining less than recommendations, within recommendations, and above recommendations using Pearson's chi-square and Kruskal-Wallis H test statistics. Overall, PRH rates were 5.0%, 5.4%, and 10.8% for less than, within, and above recommendation groups, respectively (p < 0.001). Above recommendation weight gain resulted in higher PRH incidence in each PPBMI category (underweight 7.6%, normal weight 6.2%, overweight 12.4%, and obese 17.0%), reaching statistical significance in all but the underweight PPBMI group. Excessive weight gain above established guidelines was associated with increased rates of PRH. Regardless of PPBMI, women should be counseled to avoid excessive weight gain during pregnancy. Copyright © 2011 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Sleep-disordered Breathing in Pregnancy; Symptoms of sleep-disordered breathing are more common in pregnant women compared with nonpregnant women. It is likely that physiology of pregnancy predisposes to the development or worsening of sleep-disordered breathing, but some physiologic changes may also be protective against the development of this disease. Clinical presentation may be less predictive of sleep disordered breathing in pregnancy than in the non-pregnant population; nonetheless, snoring is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes. Treatment strategies are similar to the nonpregnant population, however, pregnancy-specific scenarios may arise and these subtleties are addressed in this review. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Head-to-body delivery interval and risk of fetal acidosis and hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy in shoulder dystocia: A retrospective review; Objective To examine the association between head-to-body delivery interval (HBDI) and cord arterial pH and base excess (BE), and the risk of development of hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy (HIE). Design Retrospective review. Setting A university hospital. Population Pregnancies complicated with shoulder dystocia during the period 1995-2009. Methods Cases were identified from a search of the hospital electronic delivery records. Cord arterial pH and BE, and the incidence of HIE and perinatal death, were retrieved from medical records and correlated with HBDI, birth weight, mode of delivery and presence of nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern and maternal diabetes using univariate analysis, followed by multivariate analysis. Main outcome measures Any association between cord pH and HBDI. Results Of the 200 cases identified, the mean (standard deviation) HBDI was 2.5 minutes (1.5 minutes). Both HBDI and the presence of nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern were independent factors for pH, and HBDI was the only significant factor for BE. Arterial pH dropped at a rate of 0.011 per minute [95% confidence interval (95% CI), 0.017-0.004; P = 0.002] with HBDI. The mode of delivery, birth weight and maternal diabetes did not affect blood gas levels. The respective risks of severe acidosis (pH < 7) and HIE with HBDI of <5 minutes were 0.5% and 0.5% versus 5.9% and 23.5% with HBDI ≤ 5 minutes. Conclusions Cord arterial pH drops with HBDI during shoulder dystocia, but the risk of acidosis or HIE is very low with HBDI < 5 minutes. © RCOG 2010 BJOG An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Cardiovascular disease in women: Challenge of the middle years; Although heart disease remains the primary cause of death among women of all races and ethnic groups in the United States, many women are still unaware of these facts. Health care providers may also not be aware. Lack of awareness among providers may limit or delay the education and intervention to prevent future cardiovascular disease for women in their middle years. In addition, the metabolic syndrome may develop in these years of a woman's life because of today's lifestyle issues and the reported increases in obesity. The appearance of the metabolic syndrome already places a woman in a precarious position for the development of risk factors such as frank hypertension and diabetes. The metabolic syndrome presents an opportunity for providers to enhance surveillance and to educate their patients in the prevention of future events. Complications of pregnancy may also foreshadow the development of hypertension as well as type 2 diabetes mellitus later in life. Some investigators consider pregnancy as an excursion into the metabolic syndrome and as a failed "stress test," if complications such as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia develop. The emergence of those complications may give a more recognized prediction of future cardiovascular events. All primary care providers, including obstetricians and gynecologists, need to be alert as to the follow-up of these women, and incorporate continued vigilance within the standard office visit including waist measurement, annual lipid measurement, glucose monitoring, blood pressure assessment, and intense education and referrals when needed. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Misoprostol vaginal insert for successful labor induction: A randomized controlled trial; OBJECTIVE: To compare three doses of misoprostol vaginal insert for successful labor induction measured by the proportion of vaginal deliveries within 24 hours. METHODS: A total of 374 women with modified Bishop scores of 4 or lower before induction of labor were randomly assigned to receive misoprostol vaginal insert (MVI) 100 (n=118), MVI 150 (n=125), or MVI 200 (n=131) micrograms. The insert was removed for onset of active labor or adverse event. The primary outcome was proportion of vaginal deliveries within 24 hours. The comparison group was MVI 100. Safety was assessed by comparing rates of cesarean deliveries and adverse events. RESULTS: Twenty-four percent of women receiving MVI 200 failed to achieve vaginal delivery within 24 hours compared with 36.3% of those receiving MVI 100 (P=.057, relative risk [RR] 0.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.42-1.04). Compared with MVI 100, MVI 200 reduced median time to vaginal delivery (1,181 compared with 1,744 minutes, P=.02) and need for oxytocin (48.9% compared with 70.9%, P<.001, RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.56-0.85). The cesarean rates for women assigned to MVI 200 and 100 were 22.9% (30/131) and 31.4% (37/118) (P=.15, RR 0.73, 95% CI 0.48-1.10). Misoprostol vaginal insert 200 was associated with an increased rate of tachysystole (41.2%) compared with MVI 100 (19.5%) (P<.001, RR 2.11, 95% CI 1.39-3.22). CONCLUSION: Compared with MVI 100, MVI 200 was associated with a significant reduction in time to vaginal delivery, but did not improve proportion with vaginal delivery by 24 hours. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: ClinicalTrials.gov, www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00828711. © 2011 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Periodontal infections and adverse pregnancy outcomes: The oral health-fetal connection; Objective: The increasing awareness of the relationship between maternal oral health and adverse pregnancy outcomes is well documented in the dental literature.The present review aims at summing up the current state of evidence and research on the same and sharing the available literature with the obstetric and other general practitioners so that the patients are diagnosed and treated with an interdisciplinary approach. Materials and methods: A search of the dental literature, including Medline®/PubMed through 2009, was conducted focusing on periodontal disease, preterm delivery, low birth weight, and intrauterine growth restriction was undertaken, and a hand search of other gray literature and text books was performed. Conclusions: It has been widely reported that pregnant women with periodontitis have more chances of having adverse pregnancy outcomes such as preterm birth, low birth-weight infants, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, small-for-gestational age infants, and fetal loss. At the same time, there have been sporadic reports that contradict this potential association. Clinicians need to remain abreast with available and emerging information, and exercise prudence while considering the possible adverse pregnancy outcomes from chronic periodontal infections. © Copyright 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Complex congenital heart defects in association with maternal diabetes and partial deletion of the A2BP1 gene; In this article, we report a case of complex congenital heart disease in a female infant with maternal diabetes who eventually died of sepsis and post-surgical complications. The autopsy phenotypic findings and organ malformations are detailed. Genomic studies identified a 162 kb intragenic deletion of A2BP1 gene within chromosome band 16p13.2. To our knowledge, this is the first description of A2BP1 gene deletion in association with congenital heart anomalies. This case also demonstrates the effect of maternal diabetes on gene transcription and emphasizes the importance of scanning the human genome in neonates born with congenital anomalies. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
The use of telemedicine in obstetrics: A review of the literature; Telemedicine has been advertised for increasing efficiency, extending the scope of obstetric practice, improving pregnancy outcomes, and reducing costs in the healthcare system. The extent of telemedicine use in obstetrics was identified with a literature search. A total of 268 articles were identified of which 60 are the basis for this review. Telemedicine has been used to read ultrasounds, interpret nonstress tests, counsel patients, manage diabetes, manage postpartum depression, and support parents and children postpartum from remote sites. Reductions in time lost from work, transportation costs, more efficiency for the health care providers, and reducing medical costs all have been suggested as benefits of telemedicine. Despite the information published about telemedicine in obstetrics, this technology has not been shown to have adverse effects in obstetrics but neither has it demonstrated unequivocal benefits. Properly structured and powered investigations will be needed to determine the role of telemedicine in the future. Target Audience: Obstetricians & Gynecologists Learning Objectives: After completing this CME activity, physicians should be better able to diagnose and treat diabetes using telemedicine techniques; assess the current scope of research in telemedicine in obstetrics; implement clinical telemedicine consultations based on the interaction and the needs of the participants; and the opportunities for further research in telemedicine in obstetrics. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Cardiovascular risk factors in children exposed to maternal diabetes in utero; Aims/hypothesis: Recent studies have provided evidence that intrauterine exposure to maternal diabetes has lifelong effects on adult offspring, including increased risks of obesity, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to assess the relationship between exposure to maternal diabetes in utero and cardiovascular risk factors in healthy children and to investigate whether these associations are independent of maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Methods Data were from a retrospective cohort of children aged 6-13 years born during 1994-2002. Multiple linear regression was used to examine the associations between exposure and cardiovascular risk factors with adjustment for demographic factors and pubertal stage and additionally for maternal prepregnancy BMI and offspring attained BMI. Results Ninety-nine offspring of diabetic pregnancies had significantly increased E-selectin, vascular adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM1), leptin, waist circumference, BMI and systolic blood pressure and decreased adiponectin levels compared with 422 offspring of non-diabetic pregnancies after adjustment for age, sex and race/ethnicity (p<0.05 for each risk factor). Additional adjustment for maternal prepregnancy BMI substantially attenuated group differences in the risk factors except for E-selectin, VCAM1 and waist circumference, which remained significantly higher in exposed children. Conclusions/interpretation: Compared with unexposed children, healthy offspring exposed to maternal diabetes in utero have a worse cardiovascular risk profile. In particular, offspring have substantially increased levels of circulating cellular adhesion molecules, which are biomarkers of adverse endothelium perturbation and may be related to the earliest preclinical stages of atherosclerosis and diabetes. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
The most common heart disease of the fetus in pregnant women with diabetes; Objective: The Objective of this study is to assess the frequency of detection of congenital malformations of the fetal heart in women with diabetes. Methods: 44 primigravidae with pre-gestational diabetes were examined. All women were sent to the Institute of Obstetrics and Gynaecology, Ministry of Health of Azerbaijan Republic from antenatal clinics for a more detailed examination. These pregnant women during the initial ultrasound examination revealed a suspicion of congenital heart disease of the fetus. Of this group, pregnant women, who had a vested kinship marriages and family history of cardiac pathology were excluded. Also women with complicated obstetric case histories (TAA) and extragenital pathology were excluded. The ages of the pregnant women ranged from 21 to 31 years. They had singleton pregnancies and were at 18-20 weeks from the first day of last menstrual period. The study was conducted based at the Institute of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Ministry of Health of Azerbaijan Republic on an outpatient basis using Sono Scape S 6 which is equipped with Convex probe 7.5 MHz, mode of “fetal heart and Doppler mode (color and pulse). All studies were performed according to FMF (Foun Medicine Fetus). In a survey of 44 pregnant women, 27 (61.3%) fetii had congenital heart disease. Of these, 12 (44.4%) at 19 ± 6 day weeks, had ventricular septal defect and 8 (29.6%) cases had hypoplastic left heart and only 7 (26%) were diagnosed with transposition of the aorta. In 17 pregnant women detailed ultrasound scan did not confirm a diagnosis of congenital fetal heart disease. Conclusion: At result we have found that among women with diabetes who had cardiac pathology of fetus detected at 18-20 weeks of pregnancy ventricular septal defect was prominent.
A high fat to muscle mass ratio drives elevated plasma glucose and insulin levels in pregnancy; BACKGROUND: Despite clear links between maternal obesity, macrosomia, and future cardiovascular disease in the offspring, little is known about how maternal body composition infl uences fetal growth and metabolism. Although BMI is the standard tool used to assess obesity, it fails to take into account differences in maternal fat and muscle masses between individuals. Fat mass is important for its detrimental effects on insulin/glucose regulation and cytokine generation, but so is muscle mass as the primary site for glucose disposal. Abnormalities in both could lead to increased maternal glucose levels, which are associated with fat accumulation in offspring. HYPOTHESIS: Low muscle mass in relation to fat mass leads to abnormal glucose metabolism during pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Through the Oregon Women's Study, we examined a subset of 44 non-diabetic pregnant women who had anthropometric measurements, including arm circumference and tricep, bicep, subscapular, and suprailiac skin fold thickness, performed along with random glucose and insulin serum levels drawn. Arm muscle area, total body muscle mass, and fat mass were calculated based on verified indices. BMI (kg/m2) was determined by 1st trimester measurements of maternal weight and height. RESULTS: As BMI increased among women, maternal fat and muscle masses both increased, but so did the fat:muscle mass ratio. Both glucose and insulin levels were positively increased as fat:muscle mass ratio rose (both, r=0.13, p-value <0.05) but neither correlated with BMI, fat mass, or muscle mass alone. CONCLUSIONS: In pregnant women, fat:muscle mass ratio increases as BMI increases, indicating proportionally larger accumulations of fat than muscle mass. Glucose metabolism is compromised as the fat:muscle mass increases. These findings provide novel insight into how maternal body composition impacts fetal growth and metabolism. We conclude that non-diabetic obese women with high fat to muscle mass ratios exhibit metabolic features known to be associated with detrimental growth patterns in the fetus.
Intrauterine hyperglycemia and increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic rat; Background: Maternal hyperglycemia may increase the disease susceptibility of the offspring. Few models have been established to study the effects of maternal hyperglycemia on blood pressure of the offspring. It is known that renal angiotensin II (AGN II) AT1 receptor plays an important role in regulating blood pressure. We studied the blood pressure and renal angiotensin II AT1 receptor expression in the offspring of diabetic rats and we found this receptor expression in association with hyperhension of the offspring. Methods: Hyperglycemia was induced in pregnant Wistar rats by streptozotocin injection (50 mg/kg). The pregnant rats were divided to three groups: diabetic (DM, n =8), diabetic with insulin treatment (TM, n =8) or control (CM, n =8). The offspring used in the study (n = 24) were diabetic offspring (OD; n =8, 1 animal from each diabetic pregnant rat), treated rats (OT; n =8, 1 animal from each treated diabetic pregnant rat) or control rats (OC, n =8; 1 animal from each control pregnant rat). The blood pressure, and heart rate were recorded and renal ANG II AT1 receptor expression was measured by western blot. Results: OD rats exhibited an increase in diastolic, mean, and systolic blood pressure measured at 180 days. There was no signifi cant difference between the OT and OC group. Renal ANG II AT1 receptor expression was upregulated (P<0.05) in the OD and OT group compared to the OC group. Furthermore, in the OD group, upregulation of ANG is associated with higher systolic blood pressure (linear regression slope =185, r = 0.82 and r2 = 0.68). Conclusion: Hyperglycemia during pregnancy could induce long-lasting hypertension in the offspring, which is associated with change in Renal ANG II AT1 receptor. If treated with insulin during pregnancy, of fsprings may have lower probability to develop hypertension.
Cardiovascular risk following diagnosis of gestational diabetes: Diabetes in Pregnancy Mother Baby Study 3; Aims: Gestational diabetes (GDM) affects 3-14 per cent of pregnancies depending on population and diagnostic criteria studied. WomenwithGDMare at increased risk for the development of Type 2 diabetes and possibly cardiovascular disease in later life. Our aimswere to ascertain the incidence of Type 2 diabetes in women 10 years post GDM diagnosis, and to compare metabolic and anthropometric measurements of women who did and those who did not develop Type 2 diabetes (Type 2 diabetes+ and Type 2 diabetes) respectively). Methods: Biochemical (including fasting lipid profiles) and anthropometric data from the Diabetes in Pregnancy Mother and Baby (DIPMAB) study were analysed. Results: Incidence of Type 2 diabetes at 10 years was 10.5 per cent (n = 95). HbA1c at diagnosis of GDM was significantly higher in the Type 2 diabetes+ group [5.31 per cent ±0.18 SD (range 5.1-5.6 per cent) vs. 5.17 per cent ±0.18 SD (range 4.6-5.6 per cent), P = 0.05]; random glucose (mmol/l) was higher (7.6 ± 1.9 SD vs. 6.2 ± 1.8 SD, P = 0.07). Pre-pregnancy weight was significantly greater in the Type 2 diabetes+ group (kg ± SD, 80 ± 9.4 vs. 68 ± 14.2, P = 0.02). Ten years after diagnosis of GDM,body mass index (kg/m2) (28.3 vs. 27.3), waist circumference (cm) (91.9 vs. 87.1) and waist:hip ratio (0.87 vs. 0.83) was higher in the Type 2 diabetes+ group (ns). Systolic blood pressure was 11 mm Hg and total cholesterol 0.3 mmol/l higher respectively in the Type 2 diabetes+ vs. Type 2 diabetes) groups (ns). Conclusion: These data show that women with GDM later developing Type 2 diabetes had higher HbA1c and pre-pregnancy weights at GDM diagnosis. Simple parameters of cardiovascular risk were non-significantly higher in this group suggesting that further research is required to examine these findings in more detail.
Change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and its evaluation; Objective: To investigate the change of cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy and explore its evaluation methods. Methods: Totally 96 women with abnormal pregnancies (AP group), 356 women with normal pregnancies (NP group), and 100 women of childbearing age (CBA group) were monitored by the exercise cardiac contractility monitor (ECCM). Phonocardiogram of participants at resting status was recorded by ECCM. The amplitude of first heart sound (S1), the amplitude of second heart sound (S2), cardiac cycle, diastolic duration (D), and systolic duration (S) were detected and then the S1/S2 ratio, the D/S ratio, and heart rate (HR) were calculated. Results: Compared with the CBA group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher and D/S was significantly lower in both AP group and NP group (all P < 0.001). Compared with the NP group, S1/S2 ratio and HR were significantly higher in AP group and D/S was significnatly lower (all P < 0.001). A D/S ratio less than 1.1 or S1/S2 ratio higher than 1.8 was associated with higher risk of poor pregnancy outcomes. Among four common pregnancy-associated abnormalities, the level of cardiac reserve was lowest in eclampsia, followed by twins, gestational diabetes mellitus, and gestational hypertension. Conclusions: Cardiac reserve is mobilized during pregnancy, and is especially during the abnormal pregnancies due to the heavy cardiac burden. S1/S2 ratio, D/S ratio, and HR are useful in evaluating the cardiac reserve during abnormal pregnancy.
Update on sleep and its disorders; Inadequate sleep and sleep disorders have important adverse consequences on multiple systems. This review covers three areas: (a) Genetic determinants of sleep disorders. Common gene variants with small effects have been identified for both restless legs syndrome and narcolepsy with cataplexy. Rare variants with large effects have been found in familial phase advance syndrome and in subjects with short sleep durations. (b) Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). OSA is an oxidative stress disorder. Prospective cohort studies show an increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with untreated severe OSA. (c) The impact of sleep disorders on obesity and diabetes. Inadequate sleep results in changes in insulin resistance and in hormone levels leading to increases in appetite. Hence, inadequate sleep is associated with development of obesity. OSA is also an independent risk factor for insulin resistance; treatment of OSA can improve insulin sensitivity. © 2011 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Neonatal seizures: Diagnosis and management; The recognition of epileptic seizures in newborns is challenging as neonates exhibit a variety of paroxysmal motor phenomena, some epileptic but others not. The distinction, frequently requiring video-EEG monitoring, is crucial for management. Causes are often multi-factorial, specific to country/region, and change over time. Hypoxia-ischemia and infection are still common in both developed and developing countries. Venous and arterial strokes are being increasingly recognized. Treatable conditions, including inborn errors of metabolism, must be anticipated and considered early in the course. Etiology is the principal determinant of outcome. Management is based on uncontrolled studies and expert opinions. Information on neonatal seizures is reviewed, and suggestions for management provided. Phenobarbital remains the first anti-epileptic drug of choice, worldwide. Pharmacogenetic information and hepatic or renal dysfunction will influence doses of all drugs. The toxicity of excipients present in intravenous medicines should be kept in mind, especially when infusions are given to critically ill neonates. Therapeutic trials with pyridoxine or ideally pyridoxal phosphate, folinic acid and biotin should be considered early, if seizures are intractable. The management of electrographic seizures without clinical seizures needs critical study. When anti-epileptic drug treatment is required, maintenance should be for a short duration if seizures are of an acute symptomatic nature.
Serum platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase activity: Relationship with metabolic syndrome in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective.The aim of this study was to evaluate plasma platelet-activating factor acetylhydrolase (PAF-AH) activity in euglycaemic women with history of gestational diabetes (GDM), and to explore whether this activity is associated with metabolic syndrome (MS) in this group of women. Methods.The cross-sectional study included 36 women with history of GDM and 40 women with history of normal glucose tolerance in pregnancy (control group). Results.Compared to the controls, the GDM group had significantly higher mean values for serum glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, triglyceride, GGT and plasma PAF-AH activity, and a statistically higher prevalence of MS. Within the GDM group, women diagnosed with MS had significantly higher PAF-AH activity than those without MS (p=0.002). Conclusion.This is the first study to have shown that plasma PAF-AH activity and GGT levels may be significant for evaluating atherosclerosis risk and metabolic hepatic damage in women with history of GDM. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Vascular complications in diabetic pregnancy; Until now, vascular complications in diabetic pregnancy are mainly related to hyperglycemia caused by type 1 diabetes (Type 1 DM). Progression of diabetic retinopathy (DR) occurs at least temporarily during pregnancy and postpartum. There is a short-term increase in the level of retinopathy during pregnancy that persisted into the first year postpartum. Nephropathy is associated with increased risk of preeclampsia, nephrotic syndrome, preterm delivery, fetal growth restriction, and perinatal mortality [1]. Presence of retinopathy increases also risk of preeclampsia and also poor glycemic control. The pregnancy itself (first or subsequent) is not a long-term risk factor for developing microalbuminuria, any retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy, or neuropathy. The prevalence of type 2 diabetes (Type 2 DM) is rising leading to similar or even worse pregnancy outcome than in T1 DM. Micro- and macroangiopathic complications still rather rare in the mother will also become more prevalent with increasing age, obesity and more severe forms of Type 2 DM. Good glycemic control, normotension, lack of nephropathy as well as lack of pre-proliferative/proliferative changes of diabetic retinopathy and lack of signs of macroangiopathies are good prognostic factors as regards the progression of vascular complications during pregnancy. Women with diabetes should be evaluated before pregnancy for microangiopathies, treated and followed closely during pregnancy by obstetrician, internist/diabetologue, cardiologist and ophthalmologist and nephrologist. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Diabetes revealed: Multisystem danger; OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this article is to review the role of diagnostic imaging in the evaluation of women with diabetes. CONCLUSION. Diabetic patients present a challenging population for the performance of various imaging studies and special considerations need to be made to obtain adequate studies. Imaging plays a significant role in assessing the multisystem morbidity of diabetes. Furthermore, diabetes in women may have some unique features and consequences and imaging studies can aid in the correct management of these patients. © American Roentgen Ray Society.
Insulin resistance and the long-term consequences of polycystic ovary syndrome; In a significant number of women with the polycystic ovary syndrome there is impaired insulin metabolism with hypersecretion of insulin. Insulin resistance is defined as a diminution in the glucose response to a given amount of insulin. Insulin resistance has been implicated in the pathogenesis of many aspects of the syndrome. Hyperinsulinaemia leads to increased production of androgens resulting in anovulatory infertility. Women and particularly obese women with insulin resistance and the polycystic ovary syndrome have an increased risk of developing gestational diabetes and also type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in later life. The women should be counselled about long-term health risks, and obese women with the polycystic ovary syndrome should be periodically screened. Lifestyle modification to reduce weight in obese women and treatment with insulin-sensitising drugs such as metformin in women with glucose intolerance result in the improvement of some metabolic abnormalities and hyperandrogenic disorders with the consequent restoration of normal menstrual and ovulatory function in a significant number of women with polycystic ovaries. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
Sonographic evaluation and the pregnancy complicated by diabetes; Sonography is a fundamental tool in the management of pregnancies affected by maternal diabetes. Purposeful use of ultrasound in each trimester provides an invaluable amount of information about the developing fetus including gestational age and growth patterns, anatomical structure and function, assessment of fetal well-being, and prediction of adverse outcome. There are great ongoing research efforts in this field of prenatal diagnosis and management, yet even more are needed. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
The association of adverse pregnancy events and cardiovascular disease in women 50 years of age and older; Objective: This study investigates the association between a prior history of pregnancy complications and cardiovascular disease (CVD) among Kentucky women aged ≥50 years. Methods: Data were analyzed from participants (n=3909) in the Kentucky Women's Health Registry (2006-2008). Primary outcomes were self-reported prevalence of CVD, including angina, heart attack, heart failure, and arrhythmia. Pregnancy complications used as predictors were preterm labor, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and third trimester bleeding. Logistic regression analyses were conducted to determine associations between prevalence of CVD and pregnancy complications, controlling for age, education, and smoking status. Results: Overall, 199 (5.1%) women reported angina, 79 (2.0%) reported heart attack, 44 (1.1%) reported heart failure, and 642 (16.4%) reported arrhythmia. One pregnancy complication was reported by 614 (15.7%) women, and two or more complications were reported by 130 (3.3%) women. In regression models adjusting for age, education, and smoking, compared to women who were never pregnant, women with no pregnancy complications had a similar risk of reporting heart attack (odds ratio [OR] 1.2, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.5-2.7), but women with one pregnancy complication (OR 2.5, 95% CI 1.03-6.0) and two or more complications (OR 4.2, 95% CI 1.4-10.6) had an increased risk. Similar results were seen for angina and arrhythmia, but not heart failure. Conclusions: Women who experience pregnancy complications are more likely to report prevalent CVD (including angina, heart attack, and arrhythmia), suggesting a link between adverse pregnancy events and CVD. Pregnancy complications may serve as signals for future CVD, presenting an opportunity for early intervention and prevention. © 2011, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling among women sharing an increased cardiovascular and metabolic risk: A focus group study; Objective. To describe women's preferences for postpartum lifestyle counseling after a pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, intrauterine growth restriction, and/or gestational diabetes. Methods. Thirty-six women who had experienced these pregnancy complications participated in six focus group interviews. Results. All women expressed a need for participation in postpartum lifestyle counseling. They preferred participation to be tailored to individual preferences. A combination of face-to-face counseling supported by computer-tailored lifestyle advice appealed to them. Conclusion. Postpartum lifestyle counseling aimed at these women should be tailored to individual needs and preferences. © 2011 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Cushing's syndrome in pregnancy with a severe maternal complication: A case report; Cushing's syndrome (CS) in pregnancy may be confused with a complication of pregnancy such as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. We managed a case of CS in pregnancy that was considered to be severe pre-eclampsia due to uncontrolled hypertension. The fetus was delivered via emergency cesarean section at 31 weeks' gestation because of severe pre-eclampsia and pulmonary edema. The parturient was admitted to the intensive care unit for severe maternal complications, including pulmonary hemorrhage, acute renal failure, disseminated intravascular coagulopathy, and congestive heart failure. A spine magnetic resonance image and 99m-technetium whole-body scan obtained postpartum showed multiple thoracolumbar spine compression fractures (Deleted; t-2,5,8,10,11, and -12; and L-1,2,3,4, and -5), multiple rib fractures, and a left iliac bone fracture due to osteoporosis. As a result of diagnosing CS after delivery, an adrenal cortical adenoma of the right adrenal gland was demonstrated and a laparoscopic adrenalectomy was successfully performed. © 2010 Japan Society of Obstetrics and Gynecology.
Adverse events in pregnant women following administration of trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine and live attenuated influenza vaccine in the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, 1990-2009; Objective The objective of the study was to characterize reports to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) in pregnant women who received seasonal influenza vaccines to assess for potential vaccine safety concerns. Study Design We searched VAERS for reports of adverse events (AEs) in pregnant women who received trivalent inactivated influenza vaccine (TIV) from July 1, 1990 through June 30, 2009, or live attenuated influenza vaccine (LAIV) from July 1, 2003, through June 30, 2009. Results A total of 148 reports after TIV and 27 reports after LAIV were identified. Twenty TIV (13.5%) and 1 LAIV (4%) reports were classified as serious. No specific AEs were reported in 30 TIV (20.3%) and 16 LAIV (59%) reports. The most common pregnancy-specific AE was spontaneous abortion: 17 after TIV (11.5%) and 3 after LAIV (11%). The reporting rate of spontaneous abortion was 1.9 per million pregnant women vaccinated. Conclusion No unusual patterns of pregnancy complications or fetal outcomes were observed in the VAERS reports of pregnant women after the administration of TIV or LAIV.
Controversies in gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and controversy are old friends. However, several major studies in the field have clarified some of the main issues. There is now no doubt that hyperglycaemia, at levels less than those that occur in overt diabetes, is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as large-for-gestational age infants, neonatal hyperinsulinism, neonatal hypoglycaemia and pre-eclampsia. We also have evidence now that a standard approach to GDM with diagnosis at 24-28 weeks, dietary advice, self-monitoring of blood glucose and insulin therapy as needed reduces these adverse perinatal outcomes. Unknown, however, is if this same approach is effective at reducing long-term risks of metabolic syndrome, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in both the mothers and babies. For example, could our management strategies miss critical time points of fuel-mediated injury to the foetus important for the baby's long-term metabolic health? The implications of a recent international consensus statement on new diagnostic criteria for GDM are discussed, as well as issues relating to the timing of diagnosis. The potential place for a risk calculator for adverse outcomes in GDM pregnancy that takes into account glycaemic and non-glycaemic risk factors is considered. Such a tool could help stratify GDM women to different levels of care. Ongoing issues relating to maternal glycaemic and foetal growth targets, and the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents in GDM are discussed. To resolve some of the remaining controversies, further carefully designed randomised controlled trials in GDM with long-term follow-up of both mothers and babies are necessary. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Update on the prevention of type 2 diabetes; Diabetes has emerged as the modern day epidemic that is currently affecting over 220 million people worldwide and claiming at least 1.1 million lives in 2005 alone. The rise in diabetes is largely attributed to the epidemic of obesity together with sedentary lifestyle as well as unhealthy dietary habits. Despite evidence that glycemic control as well as control of other cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidemia decreases morbidity and mortality in the diabetic population, control of glycemia and other CVD risk factors remains largely suboptimal making the concept of prevention of diabetes very appealing to control CVD risk, especially that such a risk is already increased in people in the prediabetic stage. Several large controlled trials have been completed testing various options for diabetes prevention. In this paper we present an update on prevention of type 2 diabetes highlighting the major recent trials completed to date in this very important area of investigation. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Maternal complications in diabetic pregnancy; Pregnant women with diabetes have to manage both the effect of pregnancy on glucose control and its effect on pre-existing diabetic complications. Most women experience hypoglycaemia as a consequence of tightened glycaemic control and this impacts on daily living. Less commonly, diabetic ketoacidosis, a serious metabolic decompensation of diabetic control and a medical emergency, can cause foetal and maternal mortality. Microvascular complications of diabetes include retinopathy and nephropathy. Retinopathy can deteriorate during pregnancy; hence, regular routine examination is required and, if indicated, ophthalmological input. Diabetic nephropathy significantly increases the risk of obstetric complications and impacts on foetal outcomes. Pregnancy outcome is closely related to pre-pregnancy renal function. Diabetic pregnancy is contraindicated if the maternal complications of ischaemic heart disease or diabetic gastropathy are known to be present before pregnancy as there is a significant maternal mortality associated with both of these conditions. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy in women with corrected tetralogy of Fallot: Occurrence and predictors of adverse events; Background: In women with corrected tetralogy of Fallot (ToF), pregnancy is associated with maternal cardiac, obstetric, and offspring complications. Our aim is to investigate the magnitude and determinants of pregnancy outcome in women with corrected ToF. Methods: In this retrospective international multicenter study using 2 congenital heart disease registries, 204 women with corrected ToF were identified. Within this group, 74 women had 157 pregnancies, including 30 miscarriages and 4 terminations of pregnancy. Detailed information on each completed pregnancy (n = 123) was obtained using medical records and supplementary interviews. Results: Cardiovascular events occurred during 10 (8.1%) pregnancies, mainly (supra)ventricular arrhythmias. Obstetric and offspring events occurred in 73 (58.9%) and 42 (33.9%) pregnancies, respectively, including offspring mortality in 8 (6.4%). The most important predictor was use of cardiac medication before pregnancy (odds ratio for cardiac events 11.7, 95% CI 2.2-62.7; odds ratio for offspring events 8.4, 95% CI 1.4-48.6). In pregnancies with cardiovascular events, significantly more small-for-gestational-age children were born (P value < .01). Conclusions: Cardiovascular, obstetric, and offspring events occur frequently during pregnancies in women with ToF. Maternal use of cardiovascular medication is associated with pregnancy outcome, and maternal cardiovascular events during pregnancy are highly associated with offspring events. © 2011 Mosby, Inc.
Nocturnal variability of coagulation in gestational diabetes; Objective: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with increased risk for venous thromboembolism but the underlying mechanisms are unclear. We aimed to study the nocturnal variability of coagulation and platelet function in relation to sympathetic nervous system (SNS) activity and to plasma adrenomedullin (AM) levels in GDM. Methods: Forty-one Caucasian women with GDM, 22 healthy pregnant (PCs) and 14 non-pregnant controls (NPCs) were studied. We assayed serial nocturnal changes of plasma AM, noradrenaline (NA) and insulin as well as coagulation variables, including prothrombin time (PT), thrombin time (TT), activated partial thromboplastin time (APTT), factor VIII activity (FVIII:C), von Willebrand factor (vWF) ristocetin cofactor activity, antigen and collagen binding activity at 12 pm, 4am and 7 am. Results: In GDM, FVIII:C was lower compared with normal pregnancy. PT decreased whereas TT and APTT increased from 4 to 7 am in GDM. Such alteration was not seen in control groups. AM correlated with all vWF variables in NPCs (r = 0.68-0.83, P < 0.01) without any correlation in pregnancy. NA increased from 4 to 7 am in both pregnant groups and showed a modest correlation with APTT (r = 0.28, P = 0.02). Conclusions: GDM is associated with concomitant early-morning activation of extrinsic coagulation pathway and attenuation of contact activation pathway. In the latter, SNS may be one of the mediating mechanisms. The dissociation of AM and vWF-FVIII interaction during pregnancy may refer to unrevealed mechanism contributing to hypercoagulation and thrombosis risk.
ROP-like vasculopathy in two nearly-term babies with severe cardiopulmonary disease; Purpose: Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is thought to be exceedingly rare in the United States in infants with birth weight greater than 1500 grams or gestational age greater than or equal to 30 weeks. However in developing countries, larger and more mature babies develop ROP in the setting of unmonitored supplemental oxygen. Methods: We report two cases of retinopathy appearing similar to ROP in babies born at gestational age of 33 4/7 weeks (#1) and 35 5/7 weeks (#2) at a tertiary care center in the United States, both of whom had significant cardiopulmonary disease at birth with careful management of supplemental oxygen. The babies were examined with serial indirect ophthalmoscopy, and fundus findings were documented with Retcam photography. Results: Baby #1 had a birth weigh of 4120 grams with comorbidities including maternal diabetes, preeclampsia, fetal distress at delivery, and severe aortic coarctation requiring subsequent intubation. He developed zone 2 stage 3 retinopathy with plus disease in the right eye and zone 2 stage 4A retinopathy with plus disease in the left eye, which was successfully treated with laser. Baby #2 had a birth weight of 2500 grams, and was born with congenital high airway obstruction syndrome requiring delivery by ex-utero intrapartum treatment procedure with tracheostomy placement. He developed zone 2 stage 1 retinopathy without plus disease in both eyes. Discussion: Some systemic risk factors for ROP include prolonged mechanical ventilation, intraventricular hemorrhage, sepsis, necrotizing enterocolitis, exposure to high levels of oxygen, frequent blood transfusions, poor weight gain, and low serum levels of insulin growth factor. A better understanding of the clinical markers that increase ROP risk will allow for optimization of screening guidelines. Conclusions: These cases highlight the importance of recognizing potential systemic complications as risk factors for development and progression of retinopathy in children with birth parameters outside of current screening guidelines.
Optimal timing of delivery in pregnancies with pre-existing hypertension; Objective: To determine the optimal timing of delivery in pregnancies with pre-existing (chronic) hypertension by quantifying the gestational age-specific risks of stillbirth associated with ongoing pregnancy and the gestational age-specific risks of neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity following the induction of labour. Design: Population-based cohort study. Setting: USA. Population: A total of 171 669 singleton births to women with pre-existing hypertension between 1995 and 2005. Pregnancies additionally complicated by diabetes mellitus, cardiac, pulmonary or renal disease were excluded. Methods: The week-specific risks of stillbirth between 36 and 41 completed weeks of gestation were contrasted with the week-specific risks of neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity among births following induction of labour in women with pre-existing hypertension. Main outcome measures: Stillbirth, neonatal mortality or serious neonatal morbidity (defined as a composite outcome which included any of the following: neonatal seizures, severe respiratory morbidity or 5-minute Apgar score ≤3). Results: The risk of stillbirth in women with pre-existing hypertension remained stable at 1.0-1.1 per 1000 ongoing pregnancies until 38 weeks, before rising steadily to 3.5 per 1000 [95% confidence interval (CI): 2.4, 5.0] at 41 weeks. The risk of serious neonatal morbidity/neonatal mortality decreased sharply between 36 and 38 weeks from 137 [95% CI: 127, 146] to 26 [95% CI: 24, 29] per 1000 induced births, before stabilising beyond 39 weeks. Conclusions: Among women with otherwise uncomplicated pre-existing hypertension, delivery at 38 or 39 weeks appears to provide the optimal trade-off between the risk of adverse fetal and adverse neonatal outcomes. © RCOG 2010 BJOG An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Obesity and women's health: An evidence-based review; Obesity negatively impacts the health of women in many ways. Being overweight or obese increases the relative risk of diabetes and coronary artery disease in women. Women who are obese have a higher risk of low back pain and knee osteoarthritis. Obesity negatively affects both contraception and fertility as well. Maternal obesity is linked with higher rates of cesarean section as well as higher rates of highrisk obstetrical conditions such as diabetes and hypertension. Pregnancy outcomes are negatively affected by maternal obesity (increased risk of neonatal mortality and malformations). Maternal obesity is associated with a decreased intention to breastfeed, decreased initiation of breastfeeding, and decreased duration of breastfeeding. There seems to be an association between obesity and depression in women, though cultural factors may influence this association. Obese women are at higher risk for multiple cancers, including endometrial cancer, cervical cancer, breast cancer, and perhaps ovarian cancer.
Sustained-release dinoprostone vaginal pessary with concurrent high-dose oxytocin infusion compared to sustained-release dinoprostone vaginal pessary followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin infusion for labor induction in women at term with unfavorable cervix: A randomized controlled trial; Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of sustained-release dinoprostone vaginal pessary and concurrent high-dose oxytocin infusion with sustained-release dinoprostone vaginal pessary followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin infusion for cervical ripening and labor induction. Methods: A total of 500 nulliparous or multiparous women with a singleton pregnancy, Bishop score ≤4 and admitted for labor induction. Women were randomly assigned to induction of labor using intravaginal dinoprostone with concurrent high-dose oxytocin (n = 250) or intravaginal dinoprostone pessary followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin (n = 250). The primary outcome was the number of vaginal deliveries achieved within 24 h of labor induction. Results: Baseline characteristics of both groups were comparable. Vaginal delivery within 24 h of labor induction was significantly increased with sustained-release dinoprostone followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin infusion (92.8 vs. 82.0%, RR 2.82, 95% CI 1.58-5.04). There were more cesarean section deliveries in the dinoprostone with concurrent high-dose oxytocin group (16.8 vs. 6.8%, RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.20-0.65). Maternal outcomes did not differ significantly. An Apgar score of <7 at 5 min was found more often in the dinoprostone with concurrent high-dose oxytocin group (3.6%) in comparison to dinoprostone pessary followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin (0.8%), although this was not statistically different (RR 0.21, 95% CI 0.04-1.01). Conclusion: Sustained-release dinoprostone followed 6 h later by high-dose oxytocin infusion appears to be safer and more effective than sustained-release dinoprostone with concurrent high-dose oxytocin infusion in achieving cervical ripening and successful vaginal delivery. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Pregnancy-induced hypertension, but not gestational diabetes mellitus, is a risk factor for venous thromboembolism in pregnancy; Background and Objectives: The aim of this study was to identify the association of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) with the development of venous thromboembolism (VTE). Subjects and Methods: This was a retrospective study of 57,009 pregnancies during 2002-2008 at Cheil General Hospital, Kwandong University. The diagnosis of VTE {deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism (PE)} was based on clot visualization via ultrasound or computed tomography. Results: In total, 27 cases (PE, 20 cases) were detected. The incidence of VTE was 0.47 per 1,000 pregnancies. To determine risk factors associated with pregnancy-induced VTE, univariate analysis using a chi-square test was performed. Cesarean (C)-section, multiple pregnancy, PIH, placenta previa, and assisted reproduction technique (ART) were statistically significant compared to the controls (all, p=0.000). However, age, premature rupture of membrane, and GDM were not statistically related to VTE. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios for the risk factors. Placenta previa showed a 12.6-fold higher risk, while PIH had a 9.8-fold higher risk for the occurrence of VTE. C-section and ART procedures increased the risk of VTE by 4.2 times compared to that of the controls. Conclusion: Placenta previa and PIH were significant risk factors for VTE, whereas the known traditional risk factors of increased age and GDM were not found to be associated with VTE. Copyright © 2011 The Korean Society of Cardiology.
Breastfeeding and diabetes; The present review outlines the role of breastfeeding in diabetes. In the mother, breastfeeding has been suggested to reduce the incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus, the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. Moreover, it appears to reduce the risk of premenopausal breast cancer and ovarian cancer. In the neonate and infant, among other benefits, lactation confers protection from future both type 1 and type 2 diabetes. Whether lactation protects women with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring from future T2DM remains to be answered. Importantly, for diabetic mothers, antidiabetic treatment itself may affect breastfeeding. There is not enough data to allow the use of oral hypoglycaemic agents. Therefore, insulin currently remains the optimal antidiabetic treatment during lactation. In conclusion, breastfeeding could be considered a modifiable risk factor for the development of diabetes and even a potential protective lifestyle measure from future cardio-metabolic and malignant diseases. Therefore, health care professionals should encourage both women with and without diabetes to breastfeed their children. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Carotid intima-media thickness as a surrogate marker of cardiovascular disease in diabetes; Background: Diabetes mellitus is associated with a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) is increasingly used as a surrogate marker for atherosclerosis. Its use relies on its ability to predict future clinical cardiovascular end points. Methods: This review examines the evidence linking CIMT as a surrogate marker of vascular complications in people with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. We have also reviewed the various treatment strategies which have been shown to influence CIMT. Conclusions: CIMT measurement is an effective, noninvasive tool which can assist in identifying people with diabetes who are at higher risk of developing microvascular and macrovascular complications. It may also help to evaluate the effectiveness of various treatment strategies used to treat people with diabetes. © 2011 Sibal et al.
Grand multiparity: Obstetric performance in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Kano, Nigeria; Objective: The objective was to review the obstetric performance of booked grand multiparae. Design and Setting: A 5-year prospective observational study of cases between January 1, 2002, and December 31, 2006, was conducted in Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, a tertiary institution, in Kano, Nigeria. Materials and Methods: The antenatal complications and pregnancy outcomes among booked grand mulltparous women (pregnancy after fifth delivery), who delivered in our labor ward, were compared with those of the booked mulitparae (parae 1-4) who delivered immediately after a grand multipara. Outcome Measures: These were obstetric factors of maternal age and parity, antepartum hemorrhage, fetal representations, and multiple pregnancy. Medical complications were gestational diabetes, hypertension, anemia, and heart disease. Pregnancy outcomes measured were gestational age at delivery, birth weight, mode of delivery, postpartum hemorrhage, and maternal and perinatal mortality. Results: The age range of the grand multiparae was between 22 and 43 years, with a mean age of 29.72 + 2.07 years. The parity range was between 5 and 15, with a mean parity of 7.78 + 0.63. There was increased occurrence of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 12.55, Cl = 6.72-23.91), hypertension (OR = 3.07, Cl =2.07-4.59), heart disease (OR = 2.01, Cl = 0.70-6.08), anemia (OR = 3.16, Cl = 1.42-7.24), antepartum hemorrhage (OR = 2.18, Cl = 1.22-3.92), fetal malpresentatlons (OR = 3.04, Cl = 2.38-3.88), cephalopelvic disproportion (OR = 2.09, Cl = 1.33-3.29), and fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.27, Cl = 1.72-3.00) among the grand multiparae compared with multiparae. Conclusion: The effects of these complications were minimized by good antenatal care.
Fetal growth abnormalities; This article reviews the clinical terminology used to describe fetal growth abnormalities and the ultrasound findings related to intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and fetal macrosomia. Doppler ultrasonography is helpful in the assessment of the follow-up of the pregnancy once IUGR is suspected. Doppler findings are described in this article. The role of other tests such as the nonstress test and biophysical profile in the management of fetuses with abnormal growth are also mentioned. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
A report from the 46th Annual Meeting of the European Association for the Study of Diabetes (September 20-24, 2010 - Stockholm, Sweden); Old and modern architecture go hand in hand along the many waterfronts in Stockholm, just as old (established) and new (investigational) drugs for treating diabetes shared time and space at the oral and poster sessions during the 2010 European Association for the Study of Diabetes (EASD) meeting in Älfsjö. Old and new drugs shared the spotlight at the meeting, the main declared objective of which was to promote excellence in diabetes care through research and education. Although it is important to attend the EASD meeting in order to obtain information on what's new firsthand - new drugs, new indications, new treatment modalities... as well as news on negative aspects and limitations of drug therapy - not all healthcare professionals can attend so many annual meetings, and those who can, cannot attend many of the parallel sessions, and thus alternative sources of information are needed. Indeed, education has a major role in the management and prevention of diabetes, obesity and related disorders, all of which carry a high cardiovascular risk, but if educating patients and the general population is essential, so is informing healthcare professionals about new therapies and new findings related with the management of diabetes. In line with the previously stated attendance limitations and alternative sources of information - or education - this is the scope of the following report, which complements other information on subjects discussed during the EASD meeting in Stockholm available online through other channels. Copyright © 2011 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Obesity and obstetric anaesthesia; Obesity is increasing in the population as a whole, and especially in the obstetric population, among whom pregnancy-induced physiological changes impact on those already present due to obesity. In particular, changes in the cardiovascular and respiratory systems during pregnancy further alter the physiological effects and comorbidities of obesity. Obese pregnant women are at increased risk of diabetes, hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, ischaemic heart disease, congenital malformations, operative delivery, postpartum infection and thromboembolism. Regional analgesia and anaesthesia is usually preferred but may be challenging. Obese pregnant women appear to have increased morbidity and mortality associated with caesarean delivery and general anaesthesia for caesarean delivery in particular, and more anaesthesia-related complications. This article summarises the physiological and pharmacological implications of obesity and pregnancy and describes the issues surrounding the management of these women for labour and delivery.
Evaluation of diagnostic accuracy of portable echocardiography in newborns; Objective: Congenital heart disease is the most common life-threatening anomaly in the neonatal period. Screening for this disease with portable echocardiography is crucial to diagnose in the early period, and it has benefits in saving time and decreasing the cost. Portable echocardiography has advantages of rapid access and lower costs and also has advantage that in intensive care units there is no necessity to move patients. With these advantages, it is aimed to compare the sensitivity of portable echocardiography comparing to standard echocardiography. Methods: In this study, the portable echocardiography results of the sequentially enrolled newborns hospitalized in the neonatal departments are revised. Portable echocardiography results were verified with standard echocardiography in 83 (43%) female and 111 (57%) male patients. This study was planned as a study on diagnostic accuracy. Results: The gestational periods were between 24 weeks, 3 days and 42 weeks (average 35 weeks±4 weeks 3 days). Birth weights were between 500 and 4850 grams (average 2370±936 grams). The reason that portable echocardiography had been studied was murmur in 113 (58.2%) patients, cyanosis in 47 (24.2%) patients, prenatal anomaly in 12 (6.2%) patients, bradycardia in 12 (6.2%) patients, maternal diabetes in 6 (3.1%) patients and respiratory distress in 4 (2.1%) patients. Out of 194 patients 8 (4.1%) had differences between standard and portable echocardiography. Compared to standard echocardiography, portable echocardiography has the sensitivity values ranged between 99.3-100% and the specificity values ranged between 90.9-100% in diagnosis of specific CHD anomalies. Positive predictive value was between 50-100% whereas negative predictive value was between 97.9-100%. The agreement between results of two tests was determined as very good-kappa 0.886, 95%CI -0.821-0.951, p<0.0001. Conclusion: It is demonstrated that portable echocardiography has a high sensitivity especially diagnosing major heart defects, and with advantages of rapid access and lower costs it is estimated that increasing usage of portable echocardiography could be beneficial. © 2011 by AVES Yayi{dotless}nci{dotless}li{dotless}k Ltd.
Maternal obesity: Implications for pregnancy outcome and long-term risks-A link to maternal nutrition; As obesity becomes a worldwide epidemic, its prevalence during reproductive age is also increased. Alarming reports state that two-thirds of adults in the USA are overweight or obese, with half of them in the latter category, and the rate of obese pregnant women is estimated at 18-38%. These women are of major concern to women's health providers because they encounter numerous pregnancy-related complications. Obesity-related reproductive health complications range from infertility to a wide spectrum of diseases such as hypertensive disorders, coagulopathies, gestational diabetes mellitus, respiratory complications, and fetal complications such as large-for- gestational-age infants, congenital malformations, stillbirth, and shoulder dystocia. Recent reports suggest that obesity during pregnancy can be a risk factor for developing obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular diseases in the newborn later in life. This review will address the implication of obesity on pregnancy and child health, and explore recent literature on obesity during pregnancy. © 2011 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The possibility of determining of anomalies and pathologies in the offspring of liquidators of Chernobyl accident by non-radiation factors; Hereditary effects of radiation on people are not revealed and estimations for humans have been carried out by extrapolation from mutagenesis of irradiated mice (UNSCEAR). Nevertheless, in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus disturbance and pathologies are found in the children of liquidators of the accident at the Chernobyl atomic power station. Authors connect effects only with irradiation (basically in low doses) though there were also other factors. So, the psychogenic stress leads to genomic and chromosomal damages and strengthens the mutagens. For the offspring of parents with psychoemotional stress, depression, etc. the set of alterations and diseases is registered. For liquidators probably there is also the influence of other nonradiation factors. The conclusion is made that effects on the children of liquidators have mainly not a radiation cause. Families of liquidators were in stress (together with effects of other agents on fathers) and could give birth to less healthy children. Copyright © 2011 Inderscience Enterprises Ltd.
Epigenetic changes in early life and future risk of obesity; The rapid increase in incidence of obesity over the past two decades cannot be explained solely by genetic and adult lifestyle factors. There is now considerable evidence that the fetal and early postnatal environments also strongly influence the risk of developing obesity in later life. Initially, human studies showed that low birth weight was associated with an increased risk of obesity but increasingly there is evidence that overnutrition in the early life can also increase susceptibility to future obesity. These findings have now been replicated in animal models, which have shown that both maternal under- and overnutrition can induce persistent changes in gene expression and metabolism. The mechanism by which the maternal nutritional environment induces such changes is beginning to be understood and involves the altered epigenetic regulation of specific genes. In this review, we discuss the recent evidence that shows that early-life environment can induce altered epigenetic regulation leading to the induction of an altered phenotype. The demonstration of a role for altered epigenetic regulation of genes in the developmental induction of obesity opens the possibility that interventions, either through nutrition or specific drugs, may modify long-term obesity risk and combat this rapid rise in obesity. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well-controlled gestational diabetes; Objective: To make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled gestational diabetic population. Study design: Twenty-four pregnant well-controlled diabetic patients were selected. Sixteen normal pregnancies were randomly collected as a control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler data were obtained. Result: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only functional parameter showing a significant variation, with lower values in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. Conclusion: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy was observed even in well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes were not associated with abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were recorded. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular risk in postmenopausal women with the polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the commonest endocrine disorders, affecting 5-10% of the female population of reproductive age. "Classic" PCOS is characterized by clinical or biochemical hyperandrogenism and oligo-ovulation. According to the 2003 Rotterdam criteria, two additional phenotypes are recognized: (1) the ovulatory patient with androgen excess and polycystic ovarian morphology and (2) the anovulatory patient with polycystic ovarian morphology without androgen excess. PCOS is associated with an adverse cardiometabolic profile, consisting of increased total or central adiposity, increased blood pressure, a pro-atherogenic lipid profile, increased inflammatory markers, insulin resistance and abnormal glucose metabolism. Furthermore, the incidence of overt or gestational diabetes mellitus, as well as of preeclampsia is significantly higher in PCOS patients. Among the various PCOS phenotypes, those with evidence of androgen excess have the highest burden of cardiovascular risk. Studies evaluating the incidence of cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women with PCOS are extremely sparse. The available data so far indicate that coronary heart disease, as well as cerebrovascular disease is more common in postmenopausal PCOS patients. Persisting high androgen levels through the menopause, obesity and maturity onset diabetes mellitus are proposed as the main mechanisms accounting for the increased risk. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular and metabolic outcome in 6-8year old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes with near-optimal glycaemic control during pregnancy; Background: High maternal glucose concentrations during diabetic pregnancy may lead to health problems in the offspring later in life. We showed in a previous nationwide study on pregnancy outcome in type 1 diabetic women that prepregnancy care was good and a near-optimal glycaemic control during pregnancy was achieved (mean HbA1c 6.2%). Aims: We investigated to what extent current care and treatment of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes were related to cardiovascular and metabolic disturbances in the offspring at school age. Additionally, we studied the influence of level of maternal glycaemic control, preterm birth and neonatal macrosomia (birth weight. >p90). Study design: Observational cohort study. Subjects: 6-8. year old offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (ODM, n. =213) and a control group of children of non-diabetic women (n. =79). Outcome measures: BMI, blood pressure, parameters of fasting glucose regulation and lipid metabolism, components of the metabolic syndrome (overweight, hypertension, impaired fasting glucose, dyslipidaemia). Results: Parameters of fasting glucose regulation and lipid metabolism and the frequency of components of the metabolic syndrome did not significantly differ between ODM and controls. Systolic blood pressure was slightly higher in ODM. The influence of level of maternal glycaemic control, preterm birth and neonatal macrosomia on outcome in ODM was limited. Conclusions: Current care and treatment of pregnant women with type 1 diabetes result in cardiovascular and metabolic outcome in the offspring at 6-8. years of age that is comparable to that in children of non-diabetic women. Further follow-up should substantiate these results at later age. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Guideline to neonatal care of infants born to diabetic mothers : Treatment and monitoring recommendations; All diabetic women are advised to give birth in a hospital with a pediatric service that allows for continuous intravenous glucose administration, precluding the need for out-of-house transfer of the infant. Women with pre-pregnancy diabetes or on insulin treatment during pregnancy should give birth in a hospital offering round-the-clock neonatal care. Early (breast) feeding is of paramount importance and should be started 30 min after birth, subsequently every 2-3 h. A mandatory preprandial blood glucose measurement should be taken 2-3 h after birth and again immediately before the infant is transferred out of the delivery room; subsequent preprandial measurements at 6, 12, and possibly 24 h of age. In the event of three consecutive values of >2.5 mmol/l (45 mg/dl), further controls may be dispensed with. Simultaneously, infants should be checked for symptoms of hypoglycemia by a midwife or nurse on the maternity unit. Clinical findings suspicious for hypoglycemia should prompt immediate blood glucose determinations. Blood glucose concentrations below 2 mmol/l (36 mg/dl; in infants without symptoms) or 2.5 mmol/l (45 mg/dl; in infants with hypoglycemia-related symptoms, prior hypoglycemia, or following asphyxia) require immediate intervention in the form of feeding (preferably breast milk, otherwise hydrolyzed formula, or hydrolyzed starch solution only temporarily), by gavage if necessary. Intravenous glucose administration if blood glucose falls below 1.7 mmol/l (30 mg/dl). Routine echocardiography or laboratory tests (Ca2+, Mg2+, hematocrit, bilirubin) are not necessary unless otherwise indicated. Breast feeding should be consistently encouraged before and after delivery. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Cesarean delivery for first pregnancy and neonatal morbidity and mortality in second pregnancy; Objective: To examine impact of cesarean delivery in first pregnancy on neonatal mortality and morbidity in second pregnancy. Study design: Retrospective cohort study using 1995-2002 US birth registration data. Neonatal mortality and morbidity in second pregnancy of cesarean deliveries in the first pregnancy were compared with vaginal deliveries in the first pregnancy. Results: A total of 9,643,175 singleton second births were eligible in the analysis after excluding those with unknown delivery method (1,801,339 with a previous cesarean delivery and 7,841,836 with a previous vaginal delivery). Compared with vaginal delivery group, infants born to mothers with a previous cesarean delivery had increased risks of assisted ventilation (OR = 1.47, 95% CI 1.46, 1.49), low Apgar's score (OR = 1.14, 95% CI 1.12, 1.17), seizure (OR = 1.36, 95% CI 1.27, 1.45), fetal distress (OR = 1.46, 95% CI 1.44, 1.47), and asphyxia-related neonatal death (OR = 1.40, 95% CI 1.29, 1.52). The association between mode of delivery in first pregnancy and neonatal outcomes in second pregnancy remained the same after excluding women with chronic health problems or adverse birth history and adjusting for potential confounding factors. Conclusion(s): Cesarean delivery in first pregnancy is associated with increased risks of neonatal morbidity and mortality in second pregnancy. © 2011 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Type 2 diabetes across generations: From pathophysiology to prevention and management; Type 2 diabetes is now a pandemic and shows no signs of abatement. In this Seminar we review the pathophysiology of this disorder, with particular attention to epidemiology, genetics, epigenetics, and molecular cell biology. Evidence is emerging that a substantial part of diabetes susceptibility is acquired early in life, probably owing to fetal or neonatal programming via epigenetic phenomena. Maternal and early childhood health might, therefore, be crucial to the development of effective prevention strategies. Diabetes develops because of inadequate islet β-cell and adipose-tissue responses to chronic fuel excess, which results in so-called nutrient spillover, insulin resistance, and metabolic stress. The latter damages multiple organs. Insulin resistance, while forcing β cells to work harder, might also have an important defensive role against nutrient-related toxic effects in tissues such as the heart. Reversal of overnutrition, healing of the β cells, and lessening of adipose tissue defects should be treatment priorities. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Weight in Pregnancy and Its Implications: What Women Report; Objective: Misclassification of body mass index (BMI) by pregnant women could be a significant barrier to minimizing weight-related adverse pregnancy outcomes and improving the short- and long-term health of mother and child. The primary objective in this study was to determine the proportion of a group of pregnant women who were able to correctly classify BMI. Secondary objectives included assessing the direction of BMI misclassification and maternal knowledge of target gestational weight gain and obesity-associated pregnancy complications. Methods: We designed a cross-sectional survey to assess misclassification of BMI and knowledge of obesity and pregnancy outcomes, and to provide information regarding the participants' sources of knowledge, their perception of appropriate weight gain in pregnancy, and basic demographic information. The questionnaire was completed by participants awaiting routine ultrasound assessment at between 11 and 24 weeks' gestation. Results: Of 117 respondents, 30 (25.6%) were overweight (BMI 25 to 29.9) or obese (BMI ≥ 30.0). Obese or overweight women were significantly more likely to misclassify their BMI. Furthermore, they were significantly more likely to overestimate the minimum and maximum target gestational weight gains for their respective BMI classes. There were no differences between women in the various BMI categories with regard to their awareness of several common obesity-related pregnancy complications. Conclusion: Misclassification of pre-pregnancy BMI is common, particularly among women carrying excess weight. Evaluation of pre-pregnancy BMI and education regarding appropriate gestational weight gain are logical initial steps for optimizing weight-related pregnancy outcomes.
Role of HIF-1alpha in maternal hyperglycemiainduced embryonic vasculopathy; OBJECTIVE: Maternal diabetes adversely impacts embryonic vasculogenesis resulting in embryonic vasculopathy. This, in turn, leads to malformations and/or embryonic lethality. HIF-1α, an oxygen sensitive subunit of HIF-1, is essential for normal embryonic vasculogenesis. The purpose of our study is to determine whether HIF-1α plays a role in diabetic embryonic vasculopathy. STUDY DESIGN: Protein and mRNA levels of HIF-1α were determined in embryonicday7(E7)and E8conceptuses from non-diabetic and diabetic mice.E7conceptuses were cultured for 24 hor 48h under euglycemic (150 mg/dl glucose) and hyperglycemic (300 mg/dl) conditions in the presence or absence of 0.5 l or 1 l (1x107 IFU/ml) AdCA5 per 1ml culture medium, or in the presence or absence of 2.0 g/ml human recombinant thioredoxin (Trx), an endogenous anti-oxidant protein. AdCA5 is an adenovirus encoding a constitutively active form of HIF-1. RESULTS: Maternal diabetes significantly reduced HIF-1 protein in both E7 and E8 conceptuses. In contrast, maternal diabetes did not alter HIF-1 mRNA levels, suggesting that diabetes regulates HIF-1 protein stability. The administration of 0.5 l AdCA5 increased hyperglycemiareduced vasculature morphological scores. In addition, 1 lAdCA5completely reversed hyperglycemia-reduced vasculature morphological scores, and AdCA5 reversed hyperglycemia-reduced VEGF protein expression. Trx treatment reversed hyperglycemia-reduced HIF-1 levels. CONCLUSIONS: Weconclude that reduced HIF-1 plays a critical role in the induction of diabetic embryonic vasculopathy and hyperglycemia- induced VEGF reduction. Because Trx blocks hyperglycemiareduced HIF-1, oxidative stress is implicated in the reduction of HIF-1 by hyperglycemia.
A significant higher rate of omental macrophages infiltration in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: To assess macropahage infiltration to omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue in pregnancies of women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with normal pregnancies. STUDY DESIGN: Paired omental and abdominal subcutaneous (SC) fat samples were prospectively collected from 11 GDM pregnancies and 20 women with normal pregnancies during cesarean delivery (CD). The tissues were stained for CD68, using standard immunohistochemistry methods. Macrophages were counted by a certified pathologist blinded to the sample data. Macrophage count is presented as the number per 100 adipocytes (percent macrophages). Stratified analysis was performed using a multiple logistic regression model to control for confounders. RESULTS: A significant higher rate of omental macrophages was found in the GDM group as compared with non-GDM pregnancies (5.05± 6.10 vs. 0.65±1.02, p=0.038). Nevertheless, no significant difference in the SC tissue macrophage infiltration was noted between the groups (1.30±2.44 vs. 0.47±1.17, p=0.310). There was a significant higher rate of macrophage infiltration to the omental fat as compared to SC infiltration in patients with GDM (5.05± 6.10 vs. 1.30 ± 2.44, p=0.030). While comparing omental to SC macrophage infiltration in women without GDM, no significant differences were found (0.65 ± 1.02 vs. 0.47 ± 1.17, p=0.346; figure). A positive correlation was noted between omental macrophage infiltration and blood fasting insulin levels (r=0.381, p=0.031). While controlling for gestational age (in weeks), using a multiple logistic regression model, the association between macrophage infiltration and GDM remained significant (OR=1.44, 95% CI 1.02-2.03, P=0.037). CONCLUSIONS: A significant higher rate of omental macrophages infiltration is noted in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies. Preferential macrophage infiltration into omental fat is a general phenomenon exaggerated by central obesity, potentially linking GDM with increased risk of future diabetes and coronary heart disease. (Graph presented).
Contributing indications to the increasing cesarean delivery rate; OBJECTIVE: The cesarean delivery rate has been steadily increasing since 1996 and in 2007 was the highest ever recorded at 32%. We examined physician-documented indications for cesarean section in order to investigate which specific indications have contributed to the increase. STUDY DESIGN: We examined rates of cesarean section, including primary cesarean section and indications, repeat cesarean section, and vaginal birth after cesarean at Yale New Haven Hospital for all births (n=64,012) between July 1996-February 2010. Linear regression was used to estimate time trends for each indication and slopes were compared to determine the relative contribution of each indication to the overall increase. RESULTS: The overall cesarean section rate increased drastically between 1997 and 2009 (19.6% to 36.5%) as did the primary cesarean rate (13.4% to 21.7%) and the repeat cesarean rate (6.25% to 14.9%). Meanwhile, VBAC rates plummeted from 42.5% to 7.8%. The rate of cesarean section for private patients was higher and rose more quickly than the rate for hospital service patients. The number of cesareans performed for all indications increased with the exception of malpresentation. The relative contribution of each indication to the total increase in the primary cesarean rate are: Non-reassuring fetal status (30%), arrest of labor disorders (20%), multiple gestation (16%), macrosomia (10%), pre-eclampsia (10%), elective per patient request (8%), maternal-fetal conditions (5%), and obstetric conditions (1%). CONCLUSIONS: Among primary cesarean births, all indications for the procedure contributed to the increasing rate, with more subjective indications (labor arrest disorders, non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracings, and macrosomia) contributing larger proportions than more objective indications with long-standing definitions (malpresentation and other obstetric conditions, e.g. placenta previa, accreta, cord prolapse, chorioamnionitis). Efforts to address the rising cesarean rate may benefit from attempts to convert subjective indications into objective ones though stronger and clearer evidence-based guidelines.(Figure presented).
Metabolic disorders at follow-up in iranian women with gestational diabetes mellitus in previous pregnancy; Background: Pregnancy confers a state of insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia that may predispose some women to develop diabetes and that fades away after delivery. GDM (Gestational Diabetes Mellitus) is defined as glucose intolerance of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. GDM is one of the most frequent medical complications of pregnancy that affects between 1-14% of pregnant women. Women with prior GDM have an increased risk of later diabetes mellitus, abnormal glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk factors and events. It is necessary to follow up patient with GDM in order to detect any Glucose intolerance and improve their long-term outcome. The aim of the present study was to determine the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance and the metabolic disorders in a cohort of previously GDM women 1 year after delivery. Materials and Methods: In this study 116 patients with recent GDM were assessed 6- 12 months after delivery. Fasting Glucose, OGCT, lipid profile, and androgens were measured. Clinical and obstetrical history based on history of macrosomia, breastfeeding were assessed and analyzed statistically. Results: The result of this study shows %19.6 diabetes mellitus (DM) and % 16.2 impaired glucose tolerance test (IGT). In comparison with normal women, women with DM and IGT had higher blood pressure, waist circumference; lipid profile disorders such as high total cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, triglyceride and low level of HDL cholesterol were seen. There was a significant relationship between diabetes after delivery and high prevalence of hypertension. Conclusion: disturbed carbohydrate metabolism and a clustering of cardiovascular risk factors might be observed in previous GDM women 1 year after delivery.
Polymorphisms of human cytochrome P450 2C9 and the functional relevance; Human cytochrome P450 2C9 (CYP2C9) accounts for ~20% of hepatic total CYP content and metabolizes ~15% clinical drugs such as phenytoin, S-warfarin, tolbutamide, losartan, and many nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents (NSAIDs). CYP2C9 is highly polymorphic, with at least 33 variants of CYP2C9 (1B through 34) being identified so far. CYP2C9 2 is frequent among Caucasians with ~1% of the population being homozygous carriers and 22% are heterozygous. The corresponding figures for the CYP2C9 3 allele are 0.4% and 15%, respectively. There are a number of clinical studies addressing the impact of CYP2C9 polymorphisms on the clearance and/or therapeutic response of therapeutic drugs. These studies have highlighted the importance of the CYP2C9 2 and 3 alleles as a determining factor for drug clearance and drug response. The CYP2C9 polymorphisms are relevant for the efficacy and adverse effects of numerous NSAIDs, sulfonylurea antidiabetic drugs and, most critically, oral anticoagulants belonging to the class of vitamin K epoxide reductase inhibitors. Warfarin has served as a practical example of how pharmacogenetics can be utilized to achieve maximum efficacy and minimum toxicity. For many of these drugs, a clear gene-dose and gene-effect relationship has been observed in patients. In this regard, CYP2C9 alleles can be considered as a useful biomarker in monitoring drug response and adverse effects. Genetic testing of CYP2C9 is expected to play a role in predicting drug clearance and conducting individualized pharmacotherapy. However, prospective clinical studies with large samples are warranted to establish gene-dose and gene-effect relationships for CYP2C9 and its substrate drugs. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
The effects of exercise conditioning in normal and overweight pregnant women on blood pressure and heart rate variability; Pre-pregnancy obesity is a risk factor for preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and hypertension. Regular exercise during pregnancy has been shown to decrease the risk of these obstetrical complications. The purpose of this prospective study was to measure the effects of an exercise program in normal-weight and overweight/obese pregnant women on blood pressure (BP) and cardiac autonomic function, determined by heart rate variability (HRV) and baroreflex sensitivity (BRS). Twenty-two sedentary pregnant women, recruited at 20 weeks gestational age (GA), were grouped as normal weight or overweight/obese. They were systematically assigned to an exercise (walking) group or control (nonwalking) group after the first participants were randomly assigned. Women in the walking groups participated in a 16-week, low-intensity walking program. BP, HRV, and BRS were measured at rest and during exercise at the beginning (20 weeks GA) and end (36 weeks GA) of the walking program. Results indicated that women in the control groups (especially overweight women) showed changes in BP, HRV, and BRS over pregnancy that were not seen in the walking group. Overweight women in the control group increased resting systolic BP by 10 mmHg and diastolic BP by 7 mmHg. HRV declined in the control group but not in the walking group. A reduction in BRS and R-R interval at rest was found in all groups except the walking normal-weight group. The results suggest that an exercise program could attenuate the increase in BP and the loss of parasympathetic tone associated with pregnancy, especially in overweight women. © The Author(s) 2010.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labour.; To investigate data enabling the development of guidelines for obstetrical monitoring and management of the threat of preterm labour in gestational diabetes. Systematic literature review. With gestational diabetes and the absence of other disorders or associated risk factors, there is no argument justifying a systematic clinical monitoring schedule different from other pregnancies. The relevance of ultrasound weight estimations is limited. No formula has emerged as being superior to the others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of testing for asymmetric septal hypertrophy has not been demonstrated (EL4). The routine performance of umbilical artery Doppler has no demonstrated utility in the absence of growth restriction or associated hypertension (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring can be proposed for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin. With gestational diabetes that is well-controlled with diet, foetal heart rate recording has no demonstrated use. The recording is debatable for poorly-controlled diabetes or that requiring insulin, while taking associated risk factors into consideration. Weekly recording of the foetal heart rate is often advised for type 2 diabetes diagnosed during pregnancy. If there is a threat of preterm labour, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin receptor antagonists may be used without special precautions. The risk-benefit ratio does not appear favourable for the β2-adrenergic agonists. Lung maturation with corticosteroids may be done in parallel with glycaemic testing and insulin therapy if necessary. Diabetic screening tests should be done several days after the last injection of corticosteroid.
Gestational diabetes: Risks, management, and treatment options; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is commonly defined as glucose intolerance first recognized during pregnancy. Diagnostic criteria for GDM have changed over the decades, and several definitions are currently used; recent recommendations may increase the prevalence of GDM to as high as one of five pregnancies. Perinatal complications associated with GDM include hypertensive disorders, preterm delivery, shoulder dystocia, stillbirths, clinical neonatal hypoglycemia, hyperbilirubinemia, and cesarean deliveries. Postpartum complications include obesity and impaired glucose tolerance in the offspring and diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the mothers. Management strategies increasingly emphasize optimal management of fetal growth and weight. Monitoring of glucose, fetal stress, and fetal weight through ultrasound combined with maternal weight management, medical nutritional therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy can decrease comorbidities associated with GDM. Consensus is lacking on ideal glucose targets, degree of caloric restriction and content, algorithms for pharmacotherapy, and in particular, the use of oral medications and insulin analogs in lieu of human insulin. Postpartum glucose screening and initiation of healthy lifestyle behaviors, including exercise, adequate fruit and vegetable intake, breastfeeding, and contraception, are encouraged to decrease rates of future glucose intolerance in mothers and offspring.© 2010 Kim, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor; Objectives: Search for data necessary to elaborate recommendations for obstetrical care in gestational diabetes and management of preterm labor. Methods: Systematic review of the literature and levels of evidence. Results: In case of gestational diabetes and in the absence of disease or other risk factor associated, there is no evidence to support a systematic rate of clinical follow up different from other pregnancy. The relevance of ultrasound estimates of fetal weight is limited. No formula is superior to others or to the simple measurement of abdominal circumference for the prediction of macrosomia (EL3). The usefulness of the research septal hypertrophy is not demonstrated (EL4). The systematic application of umbilical Doppler has no proven benefits in the absence of growth restriction or hypertension associated (EL4). Monthly ultrasound monitoring of the fetus can be proposed for diabetics on insulin or poorly controlled. In cases of gestational diabetes controlled by diet, cardiotocography of fetal heart rate has not proven useful. In poorly controlled diabetes and/or on insulin, the registration may be discussed taking into account other risk factors associated (EL4). A weekly recording of fetal heart rate is often recommanded in case of type 2 diabetes discovered during pregnancy. In case of preterm labor, calcium channel blockers and oxytocin antagonists can be used without specific precautions. The risk of using beta-adrenergic outweighs the benefit. Administration of corticosteroid can be done under glycemic control, with insulin therapy if necessary. Screening test for gestational diabetes should not be performed within few days after last steroid injection. © 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Outcomes in women with history of gestational diabetes mellitus. Screening and prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Literature review; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are characterized by a high risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (X 7), metabolic syndrome (X 2 to 5) and cardiovascular diseases (X 1,7). Women with lesser degrees of glucose intolerance share the same risks. T2DM may occur from postpartum (5 to 14%) to several years later, up to 25 years. Some factors associated with T2DM are identified: obesity, early diagnostic before 24 weeks, high pregnancy OGTT blood glucose or insulinotherapy. Screening for T2DM only with fasting glucose provides less sensibility than with OGTT; HbA1c may supplant these dosages. The recurrence rate of GDM is between 30 and 84%, non-white ethnicity and insulinotherapy during GDM being the best proven predictors. High risk women need repeated life-long screenings for glycemic abnomalies, or when another pregnancy is planned. Among overweight or obese women with history of GDM who show minor glycoregulation disturbances, it is proved that modifications of lifestyle in intensive programs or metformin halve the risk of DT2. However, studies analysing practices show low adhesion to screening; without an intensive program, few women implement lifestyle modifications. These intensive programs should be implemented and proposed to high-risk women. Their therapeutic education should also include prevention of cardiovascular risk factors. © 2010 Elsevier Masson SAS. Tous droits réservés.
Impact of Gestational Impaired Glucose Tolerance Test (GIGTT) on pregnancy outcome; Objective: To evaluate the impact of impaired GTT on pregnancy outcome, Setting : Al-Jalaa Maternity Hospital, Patients, material & methods: prospective study of 114 pregnant women diagnosed to have GIGTT in the period from Jan.2001 to Dec.2004 , the diagnosis of impaired GTT was performed according to new criteria of Multicentre European Study of European Association for Study of Diabetes ( EASD ) , which recommended higher cut-off values based primarily on 95th percentile after a 75 g OGTT rather than WHO criteria (1985) which were based on non pregnant values ). Controls were obtained by comparing with the next woman to deliver without IGTT. Results : Increased incidence of some pregnancy complications in association with GIGTT e.g. preeclampsia and premature labour ( #3fold ) , caesarean delivery (# 4 fold ) , prelabour rupture of membranes (PLROM ) and bad obstetric history (# 6 fold ) . Increased some neonatal complications with GIGTT e.g. macrosomia and congenital heart disease. Conclusion: IGTT classify the pregnancy as a high risk pregnancy which necessitates special antenatal care for less complications and better outcome.
Polycystic ovary syndrome - Analysis of guidelines, and the role of ultrasound examination in the diagnosis of PCOS; The polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is one of the most common endocrinopathy among women in the reproductive age. Features of PCOS are : elevated level of male hormones (hyperandrogenism ), oligoovulation or anovulation and the characteristic appearance of ovaries in ultrasound examination. PCOS can be diagnosed after elimination of other syndromes with hyperandrogenism. PCOS is also related with higher than in general population risk of metabolic syndrome, diabetes mellitus type II, cardiovascular diseases and endometrial carcinoma. This disease may also lead to appear some complications during pregnancy mainly to miscarriages, pregnancy induced hypertension (PIH), preeclampsia and gestational diabetes mellitus. Ultrasound examination is the most widely used method for evaluation of the ovarian morphology in case of patients with manifestations of PCOS. The most often evaluated parameters during ultrasound examination of ovary are the volume of ovary and the number of follicles inside the ovary. The three-dimensional ultrasonography enables greater accuracy of the measurement than the standard two dimensional method. It is highly probable that the new computer programmes for calculating like VOCAL or Sono AVC will be very useful for the measurement of the volume of whole ovary, stroma of ovary and follicles. Therapy of PCOS differs depending on the result the patient and physician want to achieve - ovulatory cycles and pregnancy or just reduction of the symptoms. Methods of treatment are reduction of the body weight, therapy with estrogen-progesterone, metformine, clomiphene citrate and surgical treatment mainly laparoscopic. © GinPolMedProject.
Exercise and type 2 diabetes: The American College of Sports Medicine and the American Diabetes Association: Joint position statement; Although physical activity (PA) is a key element in the prevention and management of type 2 diabetes, many with this chronic disease do not become or remain regularly active. High-quality studies establishing the importance of exercise and fitness in diabetes were lacking until recently, but it is now well established that participation in regular PA improves blood glucose control and can prevent or delay type 2 diabetes, along with positively affecting lipids, blood pressure, cardiovascular events, mortality, and quality of life. Structured interventions combining PA and modest weight loss have been shown to lower type 2 diabetes risk by up to 58% in high-risk populations. Most benefits of PA on diabetes management are realized through acute and chronic improvements in insulin action, accomplished with both aerobic and resistance training. The benefits of physical training are discussed, along with recommendations for varying activities, PA-associated blood glucose management, diabetes prevention, gestational diabetes mellitus, and safe and effective practices for PA with diabetes-related complications. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Role of metformin in the management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrinological disorder affecting 4-12% of women and also the most controversial. Metformin was logically introduced to establish the extent to which hyperinsulinaemia influences the pathogenesis of the condition. Early studies were very encouraging. Randomized controlled studies and several meta-analyses have changed the picture and put the drug that was once heralded as magic in a much contracted place. More work is needed to establish its right place in particular with regards to the prevention of many gestational and long-term complications. © The Author(s), 2010.
Pioglitazone and alogliptin combination therapy in type 2 diabetes: A pathophysiologically sound treatment; Insulin resistance and islet (beta and alpha) cell dysfunction are major pathophysiologic abnormalities in type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Pioglitazone is a potent insulin sensitizer, improves pancreatic beta cell function and has been shown in several outcome trials to lower the risk of atherosclerotic and cardiovascular events. Glucagon-like peptide-1 deficiency/resistance contributes to islet cell dysfunction by impairing insulin secretion and increasing glucagon secretion. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors improve pancreatic islet function by augmenting glucose-dependent insulin secretion and decreasing elevated plasma glucagon levels. Alogliptin is a new DPP-4 inhibitor that reduces glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c), is weight neutral, has an excellent safety profile, and can be used in combination with oral agents and insulin. Alogliptin has a low risk of hypoglycemia, and serious adverse events are uncommon. An alogliptin-pioglitazone combination is advantageous because it addresses both insulin resistance and islet dysfunction in T2DM. HbA1c reductions are significantly greater than with either monotherapy. This once-daily oral combination medication does not increase the risk of hypoglycemia, and tolerability and discontinuation rates do not differ significantly from either monotherapy. Importantly, measures of beta cell function and health are improved beyond that observed with either monotherapy, potentially improving durability of HbA1c reduction. The alogliptin-pioglitazone combination represents a pathophysiologically sound treatment of T2DM. © 2010 Triplitt et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Screening for type 2 diabetes in a multiethnic setting using known risk factors to identify those at high risk: A cross-sectional study; Introduction: Screening enables the identification of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) during its asymptomatic stage and therefore allows early intervention which may lead to fewer complications and improve outcomes. A targeted screening program was carried out in a United Kingdom (UK) multiethnic population to identify those with abnormal glucose tolerance. ethods: A sample of individuals aged 25-75 years (40-75 white European) with at least one risk factor for T2DM were invited for screening from 17 Leicestershire (UK) general practices or through a health awareness campaign. All participants received a 75 g oral glucose tolerance test, cardiovascular risk assessment, detailed medical and family histories and anthropometric measurements. Results: In the 3,225 participants who were screened. 640 (20%) were found to have some form of abnormal glucose tolerance of whom 4% had T2DM, 3% impaired fasting glucose (IFG), 10% impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and 3% both IFG and IGT. The odds of detecting IGT was approximately 60% greater (confounder-adjusted odds ratios [OR] 1.67 [1.22-2.29]) in the South Asian population. Conclusions: Around one in five people who had targeted screening have IGT, IFG or T2DM, with a higher prevalence in those of South Asian origin. The prevalence of undetected T2DM is lower in South Asians compared to previously published studies and maybe due to increased awareness of this group being at high risk. © 2010 Gray et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
The role of fetal echocardiography in diabetic pregnancies; Pregnancy associated with Diabetes Mellitus (DM) represents still a challenge for the obstetrician. Even if the maternal control of glicemia and the surveillance of the fetal status have been much improved, the fetus is at an elevated risk for congenital malformations. The fetal heart is influenced in her structure and function from the embryonic development and during the second and the third trimester. The fetal echocardiography must be used in all diabetic pregnancies for the detection of congenital heart disease (CHD) and of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, thus improving the fetal prognosis.
The role of small, dense LDL in cardiovascular risk: The contributions of the universities of palermo and zurich; Low density lipoproteins (LDL) size seems to be an important predictor of cardiovascular events and progression of coronary artery disease and the predominance of small dense LDL has been accepted as an emerging cardiovascular risk factors by the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III. We recently showed increased LDL size or higher levels of small and dense LDL in different categories of patients at higher cardiovascular risk, such as those with coronary (including acute myocardial infarction) and non-coronary (including carotid disease, abdominal aortic aneurysm and peripheral arterial disease) forms of atherosclerosis or metabolic diseases (including type-II diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, growth hormone deficiency, gestational diabetes and the metabolic syndrome). Screening for the presence of small, dense LDL may potentially identify those with even higher risks and may contribute in directing specific treatments in order to prevent new cardiovascular events. This seems particularly true for statins and fibrates. Promising data are available for rosuvastatin, the latest statin molecule introduced in the market, and ezetimibe, a cholesterol absorption inhibitor. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers.
Cardiometabolic profile of people screened for high risk of type 2 diabetes in a national diabetes prevention programme (FIN-D2D); Aims: To study screening of high-risk individuals as part of a national diabetes prevention programme in primary health care settings in Finland between 2003 and 2007, and evaluate the cardiometabolic risk profile of persons identified for intervention. Methods: High-risk individuals were identified by the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC), history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG), impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease (CVD), or gestational diabetes. Participants subsequently underwent an oral glucose tolerance test. CVD morbidity risk was estimated by the Framingham Study Risk Equation and CVD mortality risk by the Systematic Coronary Risk Evaluation Formula (SCORE). Results: A high-risk cohort of 10,149 (of whom 30.3% men) was identified (mean age 54.7 for men, 53.0 for women). Altogether 18.8% of men and 11.5% of women had screen-detected diabetes. In total 68.1% of men and 49.4% of women had abnormal glucose tolerance (IFG, IGT or screen-detected diabetes). Furthermore, 43.2% and 41.5% of men, and 13.3% and 11.3% of women, respectively, had a high predicted risk of CVD morbidity or mortality. Conclusion: Prevalence of dysglycemia including undiagnosed diabetes and the predicted risk for CVD was alarmly high in the identified high-risk cohort, particularly in men. © 2010 Primary Care Diabetes Europe.
Current knowledge of obesity's effects in the pre-and periconceptional periods and avenues for future research; The prevalence of obesity is growing among reproductive-age women. This is concerning because obesity has significant health-related consequences. Aside from the long-term risks of diabetes, heart disease, and some types of cancer, obesity poses immediate threats for young women including subfertility and adverse early and late pregnancy outcomes. Epidemiologic and experimental studies demonstrate associations between prepregnancy obesity and poor reproductive outcomes; however, the mechanisms involved are poorly understood. We discuss current knowledge of the pathophysiology of obesity in early reproductive events and how these events may affect reproductive outcomes including fertility and miscarriage risk. We also discuss avenues for future research and interventions to improve reproductive outcomes for obese women. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Obesity in pregnancy; Obesity, the most common metabolic disorder, concerns, among others, women of reproductive age and, when it occurs before or during pregnancy, constitutes a major risk factor for both maternal and fetal complications. The complications of obesity in a prospective mother include subfertility, miscarriage, thrombo-embolism, hypertensive disorders, metabolic syndrome, preterm delivery and higher frequency of cesarean section. Fetal complications include intra-uterine death, congenital anomalies and macrosomia. Moreover, the complications of maternal obesity do not only involve the fetus; they also extend beyond fetal life into childhood and adulthood. The mother's diet during pregnancy creates a metabolic environment that affects fetal growth and may result in later development of metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease, a phenomenon known as "developmental origin of adult disease". Since the expectant mother is usually more motivated to accept lifestyle modifications, pregnancy is a period during which obesity can be more effectively managed. The control of body weight during this period is of paramount importance for pregnancy outcome as well as the health status of the mother and the neonate.
Questionnaire to assess nutritional intake in risk groups; Nutrition assessment methods in German language which consider the variety of available foods in Germany as well as critical intake patterns with regard to the development of the met-abolic syndrome are scarce. A questionnaire to -assess nutritional intake in risk groups (NARI) which has been tested in pilot studies is now available as a standardized instrument for qualitative and semi-quantitative evaluation of groups which are prone to develop the metabolic syndrome, type2 diabetes, gestational diabetes and/or cardiovascular disease over time. The nutrition assessment method includes a semiquantitative Food Frequency Questionnaire (FFQ85) as well as detailed questions to determine also intakes of supplements and foods which may influence lipid metabolism. The nutrition assessment instrument can be self-filled in by the study population within 30-40minutes and therefore can be realis-ti-cally employed in prospective epidemiological studies with larger cohorts also under time and cost aspects. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Anthropometry and cardiovascular risk factors in women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus; Objective. To explore whether there are any differences in cardiovascular risk factors, including anthropometrics, blood pressure and serum glucose between women and offspring after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus, compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Design. Longitudinal follow-up of mother and child previously recruited to a pregnancy biobank in Norway. Setting. University hospital. Population. Women with a history of preeclampsia (n 23), gestational diabetes mellitus (n 12), diabetes mellitus type 1 (n 11), or controls (n 17), and their respective child were recruited 58 years after the index pregnancy. Methods. Anthropometrics and blood pressures were measured in mother and child. All non-diabetic women underwent an oral glucose challenge test. Main outcome measures. Body mass index, waist circumference, waist to hip ratio, serum glucose, systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Results. Women in the preeclampsia and diabetes mellitus groups had a slightly higher median systolic blood pressure (p < 0.05), and were more often abdominally obese (waist circumference ≥88 cm) compared with controls (p < 0.05). A waist to hip ratio ≥0.85 was more common in the diabetes group compared to the controls (p < 0.01). Fasting serum glucose was higher in the gestational diabetes mellitus group (p < 0.05) compared to controls. A higher proportion of children of mothers with diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia were overweight or obese compared to controls, but the difference was not statistically significant. Conclusions. This clinical study has identified several modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular disease in women and children 58 years after pregnancies complicated by preeclampsia or diabetes mellitus. Potential intervention strategies could focus on life style alterations after delivery, with emphasis on weight management. © 2010 Informa Healthcare.
Morbidly obese parturient: Challenges for the anaesthesiologist, including managing the diffifi cult airway in obstetrics. What is new?; The purpose of this article is to review the fundamental aspects of obesity, pregnancy and a combination of both. The scientifi c aim is to understand the physiological changes, pathological clinical presentations and application of technical skills and pharmacological knowledge on this unique clinical condition. The goal of this presentation is to defi ne the diffi cult airway, highlight the main reasons for diffi cult or failed intubation and propose a practical approach to management Throughout the review, an important component is the necessity for team work between the anaesthesiologist and the obstetrician. Certain protocols are recommended to meet the anaesthetic challenges and fi nally concluding with "what is new?" in obstetric anaesthesia.
Obstetric and perinatal complications in placentas with fetal thrombotic vasculopathy; Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy (FTV) is a placental lesion characterized by regionally distributed avascular villi and is often accompanied by upstream thrombosis in placental fetal vessels. Previous studies, using preselected populations, have shown associations of this lesion with adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes and potentially obstructive lesions of the umbilical cord. We investigated the prevalence of obstetric complications, perinatal disease, and placental abnormalities in cases with FTV. One hundred thirteen cases of placentas with FTV were identified in our pathology database over an 18-year period. Two hundred sixteen placentas without the diagnosis of FTV, frequency matched on year of birth, were selected as controls. Electronic medical records and pathology reports were used to extract maternal and gestational age, method of delivery, neonatal outcome, lesions of the umbilical cord, obstetric complications, and fetal abnormalities. Placentas with FTV were associated with a 9-fold increase in rate of stillbirth and a 2-fold increase in intrauterine growth restriction. The increase in pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia was not significant when adjusted for maternal and gestational age. Although the rate of potentially obstructive cord lesions was similar in both groups, there was an almost 6-fold increase in the presence of oligohydramnios in FTV placentas, compared with controls. Finally, FTV was associated with a 6-fold increase in fetal cardiac abnormalities. Fetal thrombotic vasculopathy is associated with a significantly higher rate of obstetric and perinatal complications. This study points to abnormal fetal circulation, either in the form of congenital heart disease or oligohydramnios predisposing to cord compression, as a risk factor for FTV. © 2010 Society for Pediatric Pathology.
The metabolic syndrome in obstetrics; Objective: To review the features that have Metabolic Syndrome in Obstetrics and describe the management of obese pregnant women. Material and methods: A review updated literature, indicating the diagnostic criteria for SM, with special reference to the complications that can arise when the SM occurs during pregnancy. It also shows the management of obese pregnant women. Results: Emphasize that the SM in pregnancy causes adverse outcomes, including preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, intrauterine growth retardation and fetal death. Similarly, obesity is established, the basic criterion for the existence of SM, also causes significant complications during pregnancy, with increased maternal and fetal morbidity. Conclusions: This demonstrates that there is a high rate of pregnancy complications associated with the presence of SM. Moreover, pregnancy in obese pregnant women should always be considered high risk. © 2010 Elsevier España, S.L.
Recognizing and improving health care disparities in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in women; Innate differences in gender physiology result in unique exposures, risk, and protection that are specific to women. Recognition and appreciation of these differences results in better treatment adaptations for women and better outcomes. Disparities between genders in the treatment of major cardiovascular risk factors still exist and are mostly secondary to underestimating or misunderstanding a woman's risk. Preventive therapies are less often recommended to women. Women are more likely to be diagnosed and treated for hypertension, but are less likely to reach treatment goals. High-risk women-including diabetic women-are less likely to be on lipid-lowering agents and reach a low-density lipoprotein level less than 100 mg/dL. Diabetic women are less likely to achieve a hemoglobin A1c level less than 7%. Through understanding these disparities, health care providers will be better able to screen female patients and institute evidence-based therapies for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Cardiovascular system disease of infants born to diabetic mothers and follow-up; Aim: The Aim of the present study is to determine the rate, distribution and natural history of cardiac disease that occurred in infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) at neonatal period, prospectively. Materials and methods: During the period between February 2006 and July 2007, a total of 66 IDM were evaluated by echocardiography (postnatal 0-35th days). Fifty nine (89.5%) of 66 mothers had been diagnosed with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and seven (10.5%) with gestational diabetes mellitus. Babies having cardiac disorder were followed until improvement of their echocardiographic findings. Results: Macrosomia, hypoglycemia and precordial murmur were established in 47%, 15.2% and 13.6% of babies, respectively. Major congenital heart disease and minor cardiac anomalies were found in 4.5% and 43.9% of babies, respectively. All infants with congenital heart disease had a ventricular septal defect as isolated or associated cardiac lesion. Asymmetric septal hypertrophy (ASH) was found in 54.5% of babies. All were asymptomatic, obstruction of left ventricular outflow tract was not found in any of them. At the sixth and the 18thmonth controls of babies, ASH improved in 86.1% and all of them. Major congenital extracardiac anomalies were not found in none of them. Minor abnormalities (biphid uvula, sacral dimple, capiller hemangioma and pelvic ectasia) were established in 6% of babies. Conclusions In our study, we were determined that the most common cardiac findings in IDM was ASH by using routine echocardiography. In all cases; ASH was asymptomatic and improved spontaneously until the 18th months of ages. IDM should be assessed carefully by means of cardiac findings as soon as possible after birth, and evaluated echocardiographically.
Clinical and echocardiographic evaluation of 119 neonates in neonatal intensive care unit; Aim: We evaluated the reason of cardiac consultation and the rate of cardiovascular system (CVS) disease in neonates at our neonatal intensive care unit. Risk factors for congenital heart disease (CHD) and mortality rates were also investigated. Materials and methods: During March 2005-March 2006 period, among 1146 neonates hospitalized in our NICU, we evaluated retrospectively the clinical CVS findings of 119 neonates (study group) examined by echocardiography. Results: The frequent reason (52.9%) for cardiology consultation was cardiac murmur. The incidence of CHD in all neonates and the study group were found as 3.49% and 33.6%, respectively. The most frequent acyanotic CHD was patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) and transposition of great arteries with a prevalence of 27.5% and 12.5%, respectively. Among 39 preterm newborns included in our study group, incidence of symptomatic PDA was determined as 17.9%. The incidence of neonatal arrhythmia was found to be 1.6%. Supraventricular tachycardia and atrioventricular complete block were seen in two infants. Maternal diabetes mellitus and genetic syndromes (Down syndrome, Turner syndrome, Di-George Syndrome, and congenitally rubella Syndrome) were determined in 15 and 11 cases, respectively. Genetic syndromes and extracardiac abnormalities were the most common risk factors for CHD with a ratio of 90.9% and 62.5%, respectively. Mortality rate of all neonates was 4.9% (57 cases) and 21% of them had CHD. Conclusions Pathological heart murmur is the most important clinical findings of CHD in neonates. In this study, CVS disease were the most frequently observed in neonates associated with premature, genetic syndrome or extracardiac abnormalities and maternal diabetes mellitus. Among the mortality reasons of neonates, CHD still maintains its importance at our intensive care unit.
A rare association: Sirenomelia with adrenal hyperplasia in an infant of diabetic mother; Aim: Sirenomelia or the Mermaid syndrome is a rare congenital anomaly with an incidence of one in 60,000 to 70,000 pregnancies. Sirenomelia is characterized by complete fusion of the lower limbs, commonly associated with renal agenesis, absent external genitalia and other gastrointestinal defects. Another pathognomonic finding is the presence of single umbilical artery, which is the chief distinguishing anatomic finding from Caudal Regression Syndrome. To our knowledge, this is the first case of sirenomelia with adrenal hyperplasia. Case presentation A 37-week, 3040-g infant was born to a 35-year-old multigravida mother with type 2 diabetes mellitus and hyperlipidemia. Prenatal ultrasonography showed ambigus genitale, cardiac pathology and shortness of lower extremity, and the mother was referred to our hospital. The infant was born with Apgar scores of 1 and 3 at the first and 5th minutes, respectively. Physical examination of the infant showed complete fusion of the lower limbs with bilateral pes equinovarus, absence of the external genitalia, urogenital and anal orifices, a single umbilical artery and a small soft tissue projection at the tip of the coccyx suggestive or vestigeal tail. The caudal appendage was 4 cm long and 2 cm in diameter, and had soft fibrous consistency. Echocardiography revealed double outlet right ventricule, hypoplasia of aortic arc, atrial septal defect, and patent ductus arteriosus. Ultrasonography revealed hypoplastic and horseshoe kidneys and bilateral adrenal hyperplasia (the left adrenal gland length and thickness 31×5 mm, the right adrenal gland 29×7 mm). Conclusion: We herein report an infant with sirenomelia and adrenal hyperplasia born to a diabetic mother. To our knowledge such an association has not been reported before.
Prenatally diagnosed stricture and aneurysm of ductus arteriosus as a cause of fetal hydrops and death; Background: Fetal ductus arteriosus aneurysms (DAA) can occur in association with maternal diabetes mellitus, systemic lupus erythematosus, connective tissue disorders, Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome, and some trisomies. Neonatal DAA is not uncommon (8%). Potential complications include thromboembolism, rupture, and death. Neonatal cases can resolve spontaneously after birth or, rarely, require surgical intervention. Fetal DAA can be diagnosed antenatally by sonography, usually in the third trimester Design: This is a case report of a fetus of a diabetic and obese mother in whom fetal echocardiography at 23 weeks gestation revealed constriction of the ductus arteriosus with aneurysmal dilatation of both main pulmonary artery and ductus. In addition, right ventricular failure associated with pulmonary and tricuspid regurgitation, right ventricular hypertrophy, and severe pulmonary artery and right ventricular hypertension was observed. At 26 weeks, a lobular mediastinal mass and features of fetal hydrops were revealed by MRI. The mother developed mirror syndrome with elevated liver function tests and a borderline urinary output. In utero fetal demise occurred a few days later. Results: At autopsy, the hydropic fetus showed a massively dilated right heart and hepatomegaly. The masslike, massively enlarged, dumbbell-shaped, tortuous, and focally obliterated ductus arteriosus straddled the aorta and protruded into the left mediastinum and posterior to the aorta. Microscopically, the ductus showed abnormal intimal cushions and defective elastin fibers. The pulmonary artery showed mucoid degeneration of the media and extensive mural thrombi, focally calcified, focally occlusive, and extending bilaterally into its pulmonary branches. There were features of pulmonary hypertension. The 586gm placenta was hydropic, with hypocoiled umbilical cord with a chorda. Conclusion: This case of a large DAA is unusual as it was diagnosed in mid second trimester, was complicated with stricture and massive occlusive thrombosis, extending into the pulmonary artery branches. This raises a possibility of an underlying connective tissue disorder. Early development of fetal hydrops, before fetal viability, was the cause of poor outcome in this case and prevented any successful therapeutic intervention. Documentation of natural outcome in early severe cases of DAA, like ours, should facilitate the development of a more successful management in the future.
Two unrelated cases of Coffin-Siris syndrome and new additional findings: Primary hypothyroidism and tethered cord; Introduction: Coffin-Siris syndrome (CSS) or “Fifth Digit syndrome” (OMIM 135900) is a rare disorder of unknown etiology that was firstly reported in 1970 by Coffin and Siris in three unrelated children. Their phenotypic features were coarse facial appearance, low birth weight, retarded somatic and mental growth, and hypoplastic to absent fifth finger and toenails. Structural anomalies of the brain and congenital hearth defects are present in approximately 30% of reported patients. There are not available cytogenetic or molecular tests to confirm the diagnosis. So it is currently based solely on clinical findings. Case 1: A 1-month-old female patient was referred to our hospital for multiple congenital anomaly and developmental delay. She was born at 35 week gestation to healthy non-consanguineous 19-year-old mother and a 28-year-old father. The birth weight was 1900 g, but the birth length and occiputofrontal circumference (OFC) were not recorded. The family history was non-significant. A heart murmur was noted at the hospital, and the echocardiogram showed coarctation of the aorta (CoA), patent ductus arteriosus, and a secundum atrial septal defect. Neonatal course was marked by difficulty in sucking, requiring intermittent tube feeding, and failure to thrive. Her weight, length, and OFC were 2320 g (<3 centile), 43 cm (<3 centile), and 32 cm (<3 centile) respectively (with correction for gestational age). Physical examination revealed microcephaly, a narrow and high arced palate, coarse facial appearance with broad nasal root, wide mouth with full lips, absent nails of the fifth finger, extremely hypoplastic fifth toenails, absent terminal phalanges of the fifth fingers and fifth toes. Neurologic evaluation revealed hoarse cry and mild hypotonia. Radiographs showed missing terminal phalanges of the fifth digits. Classic type Dandy-Walker malformation and partial agenesis of corpus callosum were disclosed by brain magnetic resonance imaging. Thyroid function tests revealed the presence of primary hypothyroidism. A diagnosis of CSS was made based on the clinical and radiological findings. Cytogenetic analysis revealed a normal 46,XX karyotype. CoA was successfully corrected, oral thyroxin therapy was initiated, and patient was discharged without any post-operative complication. Case 2: A 3.5-year-old male child was referred to our hospital for the assessment of his failure to thrive and dysmorphic findings. He was born at 34 weeks of gestation to a healthy non-consanguineous mother and father. This was a multiple pregnancy and was obtained via in vitro fertilization. The pregnancy was uneventful except the maternal history of gestational diabetes mellitus and use of subcutaneous insulin. The birth weight was 1500 g. The birth length and head circumference were unknown. His female twin and 1.5 years old sibling were healthy. Patient's head control and supported sitting was adapted at 8 months of age, he was able to walk at 18 months of age. He had no speech. On a physical examination, weight, length, and head circumference of the patient were 14 kg (25 centile), 93.5 cm (10 centile) and 48 cm (3-10 centile), respectively. Dysmorphic findings were flat occiput, low set ear, micrognathia, anteverted nostrils and bilateral prominent antihelix. Distal phalanges of fifth digits and toes were hypoplastic bilaterally. Fifth toe of the left foot was rudimented and its toenail was absent. Right undescended testis and sacral dimple were detected. Radiographs showed missing terminal phalanges of fifth digits. Echocardiography demonstrated bicuspid aortic valve, ventricular septal defect, and duplicated superior vena cava. Brain and lumbar magnetic resonance imaging showed diffuse cerebral atrophy and tethered cord at L3. Hearing was evaluated with auto acoustic emission test, and the result was consistent with bilateral hearing loss. Based on these findings, a final diagnosis of CSS was made. Chromosomal analysis revealed a normal 46,XY karyotype. Conclusion: Present cases highlight the extremely variable phenotypic manifestation of CSS. Minor anomalies of the spinal canal were reported in this syndrome. Sacral dimple, spina bifida occulta, kyphosis, and scoliosis are fairly common. Tethered cord has not been described in patients with CSS. Primary hypothyroidism has not been described in CSS. Thus, it remains unclear whether primary hypothyroidism is an incidental finding not causally related to the CSS. The presence of primary hypothyroidism suggested whether the coarse facial appearance and retarded somatic and mental growth in previously reported patients with CSS were at least partially due to hypothyroidism. Other reported patients, even those previously reported, should be studied for the presence of primary hypothyroidism.
Changes of the ST segment of foetal electrocardiogram and their correlations with the level of aspartate aminotransferase, alanine aminotransferase in diabetic pregnant women more than 30 years of age; New technical and technological possibilities, which have recently appeared, led to an increase in the interest in the foetal electrocardiography. Thanks to the construction of special electrodes, the method of direct electrocardiography was implemented into general use in the intrapartum supervision of the condition of the foetus. The analysis of the direct foetal electrocardiograms may turn out to be a more precise diagnostic method with a greater prediction value than cardiotocography when it comes to the condition of the foetus and the newborn. Many works indicate an increase in the importance of the supervision by combining both methods. The aim of this study was to analyse changes of the ST segment of the foetal electrocardiogram (FECG) monitored using STAN®S21 and their correlations with levels of aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase. We also analysed AST, ALT correlation with the pH value. We had 54 patients divided into three groups. Group one included 54 diabetic patients at the age of 30-34. Group two comprised 15 diabetic patients at the age of 35-39 and group three included 6 patients more than 40 years of age. For intrapartum monitoring we used the STAN®S21 system. The results were as follows: in diabetic patients at the age of 30-43, changes of the ST segment of FECG correlated with the higher level of AST and ALT. The higher level of AST correlated with the lower pH value. We did not notice any correlations of AST and ALT with ST segment changes.
Pregnancy complications in women with heart disease; Objective.To identify pregnancy complications of women with heart disease delivering at a university hospital. Methods.A retrospective study was carried out of 193 pregnant women with heart disease delivered at a university hospital between January 1997 and December 2006. Results.Rheumatic heart disease (RHD), congenital heart disease (CHD), arrhythmia and cardiomyopathy were observed in 133 (68.9), 26 (13.5), 32 (16.6) and 2 (1) cases, respectively. Obstetric complication was found in 27 (14) cases that was composed of preterm delivery (11.4), gestational diabetes (1), pregnancy induced hypertension (1) and postpartum hemorrhage (0.5). Cardiac complication was observed in 24 (12.4) cases. Congestive heart failure was the most common cardiac complication which observed in 11 (5.7) cases. There were four (2.1 ) maternal deaths, three cases in CHD group and one case in RHD group. Preterm infant was observed in 22 (11.4) cases. Thirteen percent had low birth weight and 8.3 were small for gestational age. There were no perinatal deaths or congenital anomalies. Conclusion.Form this study, RHD with pregnancy is still predominant. The most common obstetric complication was preterm delivery. The most common cardiac complication was congestive heart failure. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd.
Apolipoprotein E genotype and mortality in Southern European and Anglo-Celt patients with type 2 diabetes: The Fremantle Diabetes Study; Objective: To determine whether cardiac and all-cause mortality are lower in Southern European (SE) patients than in Anglo-Celt (AC) patients with type 2 diabetes in an urban Australian setting, and, if so, whether ethnicity-specific differences in apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotypes are contributory. Design: Longitudinal observational cohort study. Methods: We analysed detailed data from 1057 patients from the community-based Fremantle Diabetes Study, 238 were of an SE migrant background and 819 of AC ethnicity. Cox proportional hazards modelling was used to identify independent predictors of cardiac and all-cause mortality. Results: During 9.8±3.5 years of follow-up, 411 (38.9%) participants died, 161 (39.2%) from cardiac causes. Significant positive baseline independent predictors of cardiac death were age, male gender, coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, peripheral arterial disease, retinopathy and peripheral neuropathy (P≤0.004), while maternal history of diabetes was protective (P=0.014). After adjusting for these variables, APOE4 carriage was predictive (hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) 1.61 (1.01-2.58); P=0.048). SE ethnicity did not add significantly to the model either as a single variable or as an interaction term with APOE4 carriage (P≥0.86). Significant independent predictors of all-cause mortality were age, male gender, smoking, coronary heart disease, cerebrovascular disease, peripheral arterial disease, retinopathy, peripheral neuropathy and microalbuminuria (P≤0.047), while overweight/obesity, lipid-lowering therapy and recent exercise were protective (P≤0.008). APOE4 carriage, SE ethnicity and their interaction did not add to the model (P≥0.32). Conclusions: SE ethnicity does not confer an independent survival advantage in community-based Australian type 2 diabetic patients, but APOE4 carriers are at higher risk of cardiac death. © 2010 European Society of Endocrinology.
Fetal behavioral teratology; Ultrasound studies of fetal motor behavior provide direct invivo insight in the functioning of the motor component of the fetal central nervous system. In this article, studies are reviewed showing changes in the first timetable of appearance of fetal movements, changes in quality and/or quantity of movements and disturbances in the development of fetal behavioral states in case of endogenous malfunctions, maternal diseases and exogenous behavioral teratogens. © 2010 Informa UK, Ltd.
The Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) revisited: First part: Glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes and reactive hypoglycemia; Oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) has been widely used for the diagnosis of diabetes mellitus, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance or reactive hypoglycemia. Since almost 10 years, however, it has been proposed to limit the use of this dynamic test, favoring instead the measurement of either fasting plasma glucose or glycated hemoglobin. Nevertheless, almost all recent important studies used OGTT as reference test. In this first article, we will consider the potential interest of OGTT as diagnostic or prognostic test able to evaluate glucose regulation. In a second article, we will describe how to use OGTT to derive indices that quantitatively evaluate insulin secretion and/or insulin sensitivity. © 2010 - Elsevier Masson SAS.
Lifestyle intervention for prevention of type 2 diabetes in primary health care: One-year follow-up of the finnish national diabetes prevention program (FIN-D2D); OBJECTIVE - To investigate 1-year outcomes of a national diabetes prevention program in Finland. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Altogether 10,149 individuals at high risk for diabetes were identified with the Finnish Diabetes Risk Score (FINDRISC; scoring ≥15 points), by a history of impaired fasting glucose (IFG) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), cardiovascular disease, or gestational diabetes mellitus in 400 primary health care centers. One-year follow-up data were available for 2,798 participants who were nondiabetic at baseline (919 men and 1,879 women, aged 56.0 ± 9.9 and 54.0 ± 10.7 years [mean ± SD] with BMI 30.9 ± 4.6 and 31.6 ± 5.4 kg/m2). RESULTS - The incidence of diabetes was 2.0 and 1.2% in men and women with normal glucose tolerance at baseline, 13.5 and 7.4% in those with IFG, and 16.1 and 11.3% in those with IGT, respectively. Altogether 17.5% of the subjects lost ≥5% weight with no sex difference. The relative risk of diabetes was 0.31 (95% CI 0.16-0.59) in the group who lost ≥5% weight, 0.72 (0.46-1.13) in the group who lost 2.5-4.9% weight, and 1.10 (0.77-1.58) in the group who gained ≥2.5% compared with the group who maintained weight. CONCLUSIONS - The FIN-D2D was the first national effort to implement the prevention of diabetes in a primary health care setting. Methods for recruiting high-risk subjects were simple and easy to use. Moderate weight loss in this very high-risk group was especially effective in reducing risk of diabetes among those participating in the program. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Cardiac diseases in pregnancy - A review; Cardiac diseases complicate 1% to 4% of pregnancies in women without preexisting cardiac abnormalities. Major hemodynamic alterations occur during pregnancy, labor, and delivery and the postpartum period. The American Heart Association no longer recommends antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of bacterial endocarditis during genitourinary procedures, such as vaginal delivery and cesarean section, including high-risk patients. Preeclampsia and eclampsia have been linked to the future development of cardiovascular disease. Emerging risk factors for future cardiovascular disease in women include maternal obesity and gestational diabetes. Familiarity with the treatment of commonly encountered cardiac diseases during pregnancy is becoming increasingly important for internists and cardiologists as they join the team of obstetricians and anesthesiologists in the care of these complicated patients.This review is an effort to appraise about the various types of cardiac diseases in pregnancy, their implications on the maternal and fetal outcome, long-term effects on the woman.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; Introduction: Diabetes Mellitus is a common medical complication during pregnancy with maternal and fetal complications including complications specific to pregestational diabetes like nephropathy and ketoacidodis. Gestational diabetes is defined as carbohydrate intolerance resulting in hyperglycemia of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Strategies of screening are controversial. A single glucose challenge test with 75 g of oral glucose load and diagnosing GDM if 2 hour PPG is > 140 mg/dL is recommended by WHO. The tenets of management are: diet; exercise; insulin therapy; ? Oral hypoglycemic. While there is no controversy about the need for strict fetal surveillance in diabetes,the most appropriate modality remains controversial with a combination approach being advocated by most experts. Induction is planned around 38 weeks. If EFW > 4.5kg-elective LSCS. If the EFW is 4-4.5kg, additional risk factors for shoulder dystocia should be considered. Current status of ohas: Use in pregnancy after first trimester is safe. In first trimester, main problem is degree of hyperglycemia not the drug. Glyburide is the only drug which does not cross placenta (RCT studied).
Hypocalcemia in the newborn; Hypocalcemia is a frequently observed clinical and laboratory abnormality in neonates. Ionic calcium is crucial for many biochemical processes including blood coagulation, neuromuscular excitability, cell membrane integrity, and many of the cellular enzymatic activities. Healthy term infants undergo a physiological nadir in serum calcium levels by 24-48 h of age. This nadir may drop to hypocalcemic levels in high-risk neonates including infants of diabetic mothers, preterm infants and infants with perinatal asphyxia. The early onset hypocalcemia which presents within 72 h requires treatment with calcium supplementation for at least 72 h. In contrast, late onset hypocalcemia usually presents after 7 days and requires longer term therapy. © 2010 Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation.
Exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex specific cardiovascular changes in adulthood; Purpose: The intrauterine environment strongly influences adult disease susceptibility. Our objective was to use a rat with maternal diabetes to test the hypothesis that offspring exposed to hyperglycemia in utero display increased blood pressure and alterations in in vivo vascular responsiveness in adulthood. Methods: Pregnant rats were administered streptozotocin on d 13 of gestation (term 21 d) to induce diabetes. Chronically catheterized adult offspring (6-12 months) were studied beginning 48 hrs after surgery. Blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) responses to various doses of phenylephrine and nitroprusside were studied to assess baroreflex function. L-NAME (nitric oxide synthase inhibitor) and chlorisondamine (ganglionic blocker) were used to assess the contribution of nitric oxide and sympathetic tone to resting BP, respectively. Dose response to angiotensin II before and after L-NAME administration was performed to assess the contribution of NO in buffering the pressor response. Results: Male but not female ODM had increased mean BP compared to controls (122 ± 6 vs. 99 ± 5; P < 0.05), while resting HR was similar. For both sexes, BP and HR responses to phenylephrine were similar between ODM and controls while female but not male ODM had increased hypotensive responses to nitroprusside. Hemodynamic responses to angiotensin II, L-NAME and chlorisondamine were similar in both sexes between groups although blood pressure increases to angiotensin II after L-NAME were significantly greater in female but not male ODM compared to controls. Conclusion: Exposure to hyperglycemia in utero results in sex specific cardiovascular changes in adult offspring. Baseline hypertension in adult male ODM is not due to overt differences in autonomic and NO pathways. Female ODM have an exaggerated hypertensive response to angiotensin II following NO blockade with L-NAME, suggesting increased sensitivity to NO pathway activation in this group that may buffer the development of hypertension.
Cardiovascular predictors in gestational diabetes; Objective: Gestational diabetes (GDM) and diabetes type II (DM2) both evolving insulin resistance are related diseases. Additionally, DM2 is associated with elevated cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Besides the high blood glucose itself the underlying pathophysiology causing DM2 affects endothelial and vessel health. We asked the question whether in pregnant women with GDM predictive markers like insulin resistance (HOMA-index), blood lipids, LPa, hsCRP (as a predictor of systemic inflammation) and elevated blood pressure are present and valid to unmask lifelong health risk. Materials and methods: All women presenting for 75 g-oral-glucosetolerance testing at the University hospital of Jena in 2009 (n = 191) were examined. Starving antecubital vein blood was taken in all 189 patients (95 healthy and 94 patients with GDM) to determine the levels of insulin, C-peptide, blood lipids, LPa, HbA1c, hsCRP and blood count. Results: Compared to controls women with GDM were older (33 ± 6 vs. 30 ± 5 years, p<0.001), presented with higher pregravid BMI (28 ± 7 vs. 24 ± 5 kg/m2, p<0.001), had higher levels of HbA1c (5.5 ± 0.5 vs. 5.1 ± 0,2%, p<0.001), insulin (18 ± 15 vs. 9 ± 4 mU/l), c-peptide (2.9 ± 1.5 vs. 1.9 ± 0,7) and HOMA-Index (3.1 vs. 1.5) (p<0.001, for all parameters). Additionally, in patients withGDMthe hsCRP was significantly elevated (5.0 vs. 2.9, p<0.001) and systolic (120 ± 14 vs. 112 ± 11 mmHg; p<0.001) and diastolic (74 ± 11 vs. 69 ± 9, p<0.001) blood pressure were increased. There was no difference in blood lipids, LPa and uric acid between the groups. Conclusions: Besides impaired glucose tolerance patients with GDM display a range of cardiovascular risk factors (BMI, hsCRP, RR, insulin resistance). Thus the diagnosis of GDM during pregnancy reveals individuals at risk to develop cardiovascular diseases later in life. Therefore the responsibility of the attending gynecologist essentially comprises preventive care including counseling (life style) and possibly also medication (Metformin, Glitazone GLP-1-analoga or DPPIV-Inhibitors might be beneficial).
Arterial stiffness of young women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: Gestational diabetes (GDM) is a cardiovascular risk factor later in life. Our aim was to investigate the relationship between carbohydrate intolerance, obesity and arterial stiffness in women with previous GDM (pGDM). Materials and methods: Follow up examination was made in 66 women with pGDM and 27 after normal pregnancy at 38,2 ± 5,4 weeks after delivery. A 75 g 3-hOGTT was performed. Parameters of arterial stiffness (carotid femoral and carotid radial pulse wave velocity (c-fPWV, c-rPWV); carotid augmentation index (c Aix)) was assessed by using PulsePen device. Investigating them is useful, noninvasive method to asses the atherosclerosis and cardiovascular risk. Results: Abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) was diagnosed in 23 women (IFG:5, IGT:11, IFG + IGT:2, DM:5). We divided the women into 3 groups: 1: without pGDM, normal glucose tolerance (NGT) at the follow up; 2:pGDMbut NGT; 3:pGDMand AGT. There was no age difference between the groups (34.2 ± 4.1), but BMI was elevated in those with AGT, same was seen for blood pressure. The values of the area under the curve (AUC) of insulin levels at the OGTT was only lower in the control group. There was no difference among arterial stiffness parameters in the 3 groups. However we found linear association among c-fPWV and BMI and waist hip ratio (WHR) using univariate linear regression analysis (P<0.001, R2 = 0.19, R2 = 0.28). In the AGT group were the correlations even stronger (P<0.001, R2 = 0.44, R2 = 0.65), in the two NGT group weaker (pGDM: P = 0.01, R2 = 0.13, R2 = 0.14; control: P = 0.03, R2 = 0.18). There was no correlation between c-fPWV and BMI in the control group. Conclusions: Our findings could not confirm any difference in arterial stiffness parameters among young women with normal or abnormal carbohydrate tolerance after pGDM or without it. However there is a linear association of c-fPWV, representing the arterial stiffness, and BMI and waist hip ratio.
Predicting pregnancy and fertility outcomes with genomics and epigenomics; With 6.5 billion people on the planet we often take it for granted that humans are fertile and traverse pregnancy and delivery with ease. The reality is quite different. About 15% of couples have difficulty conceiving and many require assistance. Of those who become pregnant up to 15% miscarry and another 25% experience preeclampsia, pre-term labour, gestational diabetes or deliver a growth restricted infant. These complications are life threatening to mother or baby in up to 6% of pregnancies and are more prevalent following assisted reproduction. Evidence shows that couples, rather than women, are at risk of poor fertility or pregnancy complications with factors such as family history of cardiovascular disease, pregnancy complications, chronic disease and obesity (in either parent) prior to conception contributing to risk. Poor fertility and pregnancy complications may be on a continuum of reproductive outcomes with similar or overlapping aetiologies. Genetic polymorphisms and epigenetic changes to DNA have recently been identified that predispose couples to poor fertility and compromise maternal and infant health. Gene families and specific pathways that are aberrant in poor reproductive outcomes include pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines, the insulin and insulin-like growth factor axis, the renin-angiotensin system, one carbon metabolism and vitamin D pathways. De novo effects of a poor quality diet and obesity on the epigenome are emerging as potent regulators of reproductive success and long term health.
The spectrum of sacral agenesis and associated malformations - Two decades experience; Aim: This study aims to report this author's experience in treating total and partial sacral agenesis and associated malformations. Methods: The study is based on a prospective database maintained by this author from 1990. Patients with isolated coccygeal agenesis were excluded. All children underwent neurological examination, plain radiographs, and MRI. Surgical intervention was undertaken in appropriate cases. Follow-up ranged from 6 months to 10 years. Results: Between 1990 and 2009, 49 patients were treated. Maternal diabetes mellitus was proved in two patients. Eight patients had total agenesis and 41 had partial agenesis. Among the 8 with total agenesis, there were three with lumbosacrococcygeal agenesis, three with sacrococcygeal agenesis, and one each with split notochord syndrome and mermaid malformation. Radiologically, among the total agenesis group, type II was the commonest. Imaging revealed dural sac stenosis in two, high ending club-shaped conus in four, dural sac stenosis with tethered cord in one, and thickened filum terminale in one. Two patients with tethered cord underwent untethering with partial improvement. Among the 41 patients with partial agenesis, 64% had associated anorectal malformations. Associated segmental spinal dysgenesis and Jarcho-Levin syndrome were encountered in one patient each. Radiologically, type IVc was the commonest type encountered. Of the 41 patients, 39% had tethering lesions. Conclusions: In this series, the entire spectrum of anomalies of sacral agenesis was encountered. Maternal diabetes was not a common etiological factor in this series. Anorectal malformations are common in this group. Tethering lesions are more common in the partial agenesis group than in total agenesis.
Postpartum lifestyle intervention after complicated pregnancy proves feasible; Introduction: Pregnancy is a stress test for cardiovascular and metabolic health. Women with preeclampsia, intra uterine growth restriction (IUGR) or gestational diabetes fail this test, putting them at increased risk for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus. Since these women are young, postpartum primary lifestyle interventions may contribute to lower their future risks. The Postpartum Rotterdam Appraisal of Cardiovascular Health and Tailored Intervention Study (ProActive-study) was carried out to examine the feasibility of a postpartum lifestyle intervention program. Material and methods: Between January 2007 and July 2010 women with a singleton pregnancy complicated by preeclampsia, IUGR or gestational diabetes, and without pre-existent pathology, were invited to participate. At 6 months postpartum baseline anthropometric and laboratory measurements were performed. For 3 months hereafter participants were offered web-based tailored health education in combination with counseling by a psychologist to lower fat intake an to increase physical activity. At 13 months postpartum, all measurements were repeated. Differences between 6 and 13 months were tested with paired-sample t-tests. Results: A total of 235 women were eligible, and 6 months postpartum informed about the study. Two weeks hereafter 217 women (92%) could be contacted. Participation rate was 60% (142). Of the participants 72% (102) completed the study. Significant changes were observed in weight (-2.1 kg, p<0.01), waist (-3.4 cm, p<0.01) and hip-circumference (-1.4 cm, p=0.03), total cholesterol (-0.44 mmol/l, p<0.01), LDL-C (-0.36 mmol/l, p<0.01) and HDL-C (-0.10 mmol/l, p=0.02), heart rate (-4 bpm, p<0.01). Blood pressure, fasting glucose, fasting insulin and HOMA-score did not significantly change. Discussion: The participation rate and compliance show that postpartum lifestyle intervention is feasible. Also, it may indeed improve cardiovascular and metabolic health. However, the effectiveness of postpartum lifestyle intervention programs after complicated pregnancy should be tested in randomized controlled trails.
Hypertension and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in the morbidly obese; Background: Obesity is now the second leading cause of death in the United States. During the past 20 years there has been a dramatic increase in obesity, with approximately 9 million adult Americans morbidly obese. Research has shown that as weight increases the risks of coronary heart disease, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and stroke also increases. Obesity in females of reproductive age carries even further risks: infertility, birth defects, fetal and neonatal death, delivery of large for gestational age infants, delivery complications, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Obesity in women can cause serious pregnancy-related complications, but it is a risk factor that can be modified to improve birth outcomes. Hypothesis: With increasing BMI, there will be an increased prevalence of hypertension and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in women who are morbidly obese. Methods: A descriptive study of a retrospective cohort looking at the prevalence of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy in morbidly obese patients between 10/2005 to present. Patients identified by search of electronic medical record looking at age, gravity, ethnicity, BMI, and comorbidities of DM and CHTN. Morbid obese patient population are then compared to values of the obese population. Results: Significant change in gestational hypertension from 6% to 7% and increase in preeclampsia from 6.5% to 7.5%. Conclusion: Women who are morbidly obese during pregnancy are at increased risk of gestational hypertension and preeclampsia. This information can be utilized by the healthcare provider to identify which patients need targeted intervention both prepregnancy as well as during the antepartum time period.
Sex and gender aspects in type 2 diabetes; The dramatic increase of obesity goes along with a parallel rise of the metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, which differently affect the life of men and women, with particular harm for women. From childhood up to old age different health beliefs, attitudes and needs of affected females and males present a major challenge for clinicians. Sex differences were observed in regulation of energy balance, glucose and lipid metabolism and body fat dis tribution which are related to steroid hormones and release of adipocytokines and inflammatory parameters. Sex-specific risk factors for diabetes development are a history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a polycystic ovary syndrome in women, as well as the presence of erectile dysfunction in men. Low testosterone levels in males and high levels in females may serve as predictors for diabetes. Sex and gender have impact on screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment and development of associated complications. Women more frequently feature impaired glucose tolerance, while males predominantly have increased fasting glucose in a pre-diabetic state. Therefore, women may be underdiagnosed if screening is performed by measurements of fasting glucose alone. Women with metabolic disorders are often characterized by a higher number of vascular risk factors, subclinical inflammation, unfavorable changes of coagulation and blood pres sure. Diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control, blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than diabetic males. Female patients show a more prominent increase of their risk for cardiovascular disease in comparison to diabetic men. Diabetic women suffer from a dramatic increase of mortality rates.
Economic models in type 2 diabetes; Objective: To identify and critically appraise cost-effectiveness models developed to evaluate type 2 diabetes (T2D) treatments and to assess which types of treatment effects they capture. Research design and methods: A systematic search was performed in MEDLINE, EMBASE, Centre for Reviews and Dissemination databases at the University of York, and Health Economic Evaluation Database for the period to September 2008. The websites of Health Technology Assessment (HTA) bodies in different countries were also screened for relevant models. For each of the identified original models, details of the structure, data in-and outputs were extracted and the overall quality of the model in terms of the combination of structure, assumptions and data inputs were appraised using published criteria. Results: Seventy-eight articles and 41 HTAs reporting relevant economic evaluations were identified. There were ten models with multiple publications, and a further ten models with one associated publication. The critical review demonstrated that most had the same fundamental structure, used similar micro-simulation techniques and were based on the same key data sources. However, the process for identification of relevant data and their synthesis, and the selection of outcomes lacked transparency. The models differed according to the extent and type of interventions they evaluated and which diabetes complications and treatment-related adverse events were captured. For example, just one model incorporated changes in patient weight, despite the fact that weight gain can be a side-effect of some treatments, and weight loss a potential benefit of others. Conclusions: Whilst many economic models exist in T2D, most share common features such as the model type. Identified shortcomings are lack of transparency in data identification and evidence synthesis as well as the selection of the modelled outcomes. Future models should aim to include all relevant treatment outcomes, whether these relate to effects on underlying diabetes and its complications or to short-or long-term side effects of treatment. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
Imbalance of the autonomic nervous system at night in women with gestational diabetes; Aims Autonomic nervous system dysfunction is observed in Type 2 diabetes. As gestational diabetes is a potent risk factor of later Type 2 diabetes, we set out to determine whether autonomic nervous system imbalance could already be observed in women with this condition. Because activity of the sympathetic nervous system tends to be relatively stable in the nocturnal hours, we performed the study at night. Research design and methods We studied 41 women with gestational diabetes, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 non-pregnant controls. We assayed plasma noradrenaline at 24.00, 04.00 and 07.00 h and performed an overnight Holter recording for heart rate variability analysis. In addition, we assayed plasma adrenomedullin, a cardiovascular protective hormone. Results Compared with non-pregnant controls, plasma noradrenaline levels were increased at 04.00 and 07.00 h in the gestational diabetic (P = 0.003) and pregnant control (P = 0.002) groups, with no difference between them. Heart rate variability, very-low-frequency and low-frequency power were lower in pregnant groups compared to the non-pregnant controls. Heart rate variability remained unchanged between specified sampling times in the gestational diabetic group, in contrast to fluctuation seen in the control groups. Conclusions Gestational diabetes, compared with normal pregnancy, seems not to be a state of overall sympathetic nervous system activation. At the heart level, however, an inhibitory effect on autonomic nervous system modulation was seen. Plasma noradrenaline and heart rate variability correlated well, supporting the use of this function in future studies of overall sympathetic activity during pregnancy. © 2010 Diabetes UK.
Previous gestational diabetes impairs long-term endothelial function in a mouse model of complicated pregnancy; Women who develop gestational diabetes mellitis (GDM) display endothelial dysfunction up to 1 yr after pregnancy, despite a return to normoglycemia. It is unknown whether this dysfunction was preexisting or whether GDM pregnancy leads to long-term endothelial dysfunction. A mouse model that spontaneously develops GDM (Leprdb/+) was used to determine whether the endothelial dysfunction that develops during GDM is evident in later life. Heterozygous and wild-type (WT) controls were allowed to litter once, then age to 9-10 mo, and were compared with virgin controls. Vascular function of small mesenteric arteries was assessed using wire myography. Concentration response curves to the thromboxane A2 mimetic U46619 and the endothelium-dependent vasodilator methacholine were constructed. Superoxide production and peroxynitrite formation was also measured. Mice with previous GDM displayed blood glucose concentrations similar to previously pregnant WT mice (8.0 ± 0.1 vs. 7.1 ± 0.3 mmol/l, P > 0.05). Arteries from mice with previous GDM displayed increased sensitivity to U46619 (EC50 5.2 ± 0.7 vs. 45.2 ± 1.0 nmol/l, P < 0.01) and impaired endothelium-dependent relaxation compared with WT controls (29 ± 8 vs. 58 ± 16 percent relaxation, P < 0.05). This was associated with increased superoxide production (93.3 ± 2.3 vs. 64.6 ± 1.6 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.001) and increased peroxynitrite formation (173.5 ± 11.0 vs. 57.4 ± 16.2 mean fluorescence intensity, P < 0.01) compared with virgin controls. In summary, endothelial dysfunction was evident in mice with previous GDM compared with previously healthy pregnant mice or virgin controls. These data suggest that GDM affects endothelial function and may contribute to an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Copyright © 2010 the American Physiological Society.
Bisphenol a exposure during pregnancy disrupts glucose homeostasis in mothers and adult male offspring; Background: Bisphenol A (BPA) is a widespread endocrine-disrupting chemical used as the base compound in the manufacture of polycarbonate plastics. In humans, epidemiological evidence has associated BPA exposure in adults with higher risk of type 2 diabetes and heart disease. Objective: We examined the action of environmentally relevant doses of BPA on glucose metabolism in mice during pregnancy and the impact of BPA exposure on these females later in life. We also investigated the consequences of in utero exposure to BPA on metabolic parameters and pancreatic function in offspring. Methods: Pregnant mice were treated with either vehicle or BPA (10 or 100 μg/kg/day) during days 9-16 of gestation. Glucose metabolism experiments were performed on pregnant mice and their offspring. Results: BPA exposure aggravated the insulin resistance produced during pregnancy and was associated with decreased glucose tolerance and increased plasma insulin, triglyceride, and leptin concentrations relative to controls. Insulin-stimulated Akt phosphorylation was reduced in skeletal muscle and liver of BPA-treated pregnant mice relative to controls. BPA exposure during gestation had long-term consequences for mothers: 4 months postpartum, treated females weighed more than untreated females and had higher plasma insulin, leptin, triglyceride, and glycerol levels and greater insulin resistance. At 6 months of age, male offspring exposed in utero had reduced glucose tolerance, increased insulin resistance, and altered blood parameters compared with offspring of untreated mothers. The islets of Langerhans from male offspring presented altered Ca2+ signaling and insulin secretion. BrdU (bromodeoxyuridine) incorporation into insulin-producing cells was reduced in the male progeny, yet β-ell mass was unchanged. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that BPA may contribute to metabolic disorders relevant to glucose homeostasis and that BPA may be a risk factor for diabetes.
Ductus venosus blood flow velocity waveform in diabetic pregnancies.; Maternal diabetes during pregnancy is associated with congenital cardiac malformations and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Blood flow in the ductus venosus (DV) has been postulated to reflect cardiac function. The aim of our study was to investigate if diabetic pregnancies exhibit abnormal DV hemodynamics, hence indicating changes in fetal cardiac function. The pulsatility index of the DV (DV-PI) was analyzed retrospectively in 142 diabetic patients and compared to previously published DV-PI reference values from a non-diabetic low-risk population. DV values were then correlated with maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c). DV-PI was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by either pre-existing insulin-dependent (DM) or gestational diabetes when compared with normal reference values. Increased DV-PI values were still evident in both diabetic groups when neonates that were small-for-gestational age and neonates with pathological umbilical blood flow pattern were excluded from the analysis. In DM pregnancies a statistically significant correlation was found between DV-PI and maternal HbA1c. Diabetic pregnancies exhibit increased DV-PI values when compared to a normal low-risk pregnant population, possibly indicating a fetal cardiac effect. (c) 2010 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Assessment of mean platelet volume of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance as a marker of future cardiovascular disease risk; Objective To assess the platelet count and mean platelet volume (MPV) of pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) to find out whether GDM and GIGT are risk factors for future development of cardiovascular disease. Study design A 50-g oral glucose load (OGL) was administered to all participants and heamotologic parameters were studied at 24-28 gestational weeks. When plasma glucose ≥ 140 mg/dl (7.8 mmol/L) was measured following the OGL, a 100 g-3-h oral glucose tolerance test was undertaken. Results A significant difference was observed for MPV values between the GDM and normal OGL groups. Conclusion Presence of a high MPV in GDM could demonstrate an increase in the risk for current and future thrombotic complications. © The Author(s), 2010.
Changes in serum lipid levels during pregnancy in type 1 and type 2 diabetic subjects; OBJECTIVE - Alterations in maternal lipid metabolism could affect fetal programming and the susceptibility for atherosclerosis in the offspring; therefore, we studied differences in lipid profiles of pregnant women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - A total of 173 diabetic pregnancies were studied prior to conception (V0), at each trimester (V1-V3), and after delivery and were compared with 137 healthy women at V3. RESULTS - During gestation, the increase in serum lipid concentrations was less pronounced in type 2 diabetic subjects. At V3, the lipid levels of type 1 diabetic women with normal glucose tolerance were similar but significantly higher then those of type 2 diabetic women. Elevated triglycerides and low HDL cholesterol at V3 were significant predictors for large-for-gestational-age (LGA) newborns. CONCLUSIONS - Our data suggest smaller changes in serum lipid concentrations during pregnancy in type 2 diabetic mothers. Additionally, we found a positive association between maternal triglycerides and LGA infants independently of chronic glycemic control. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Hydrops fetalis in the stillborn: A series from the central region of Thailand; The purpose of this study was to analyze the cause of hydrops fetalis (HF) among fetal deaths in the central region of Thailand. Autopsy reports diagnosed as HF from 1999 to 2008 at King Chulalongkorn Memorial Hospital were retrieved, and the pathologic findings, clinical information, fetal ultrasonographic studies, and laboratory investigations were reviewed. There were 78 stillborn autopsies during this 10-year period; the mean gestational age was 28 weeks. The causes of fetal hydrops were identified in 88.5%; no cases of immune hydrops were detected. Anemia was the predominant cause of HF (n = 33; 42.2%): related to homozygous a-thalassemia (n = 17; 21.8%), twin-twin transfusion syndrome (n = 8; 10.2%), hemoglobin H (n = 3; 3.8%), lung hemorrhage (n = 1; 1.3%), adrenal hemorrhage (n = 1; 1.3%), and 3 cases of unspecified etiology (3.8%). Other causes of high-output failure included mass lesions resulting in vascular shunting (n = 2; 2.6%) and 1 case each (1.3% each) of maternal diabetes mellitus, intestinal lymphangiectasia, and Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome. Causes resulting in low-output cardiac failure were congenital heart disease (n=16; 20.5%) and thoracic space-occupying lesions (n = 7; 9%). The remaining causes included fetal infection (n = 5; 6.4%), congenital abnormalities suggestive of a chromosomal or genetic basis (n = 2; 2.6%), and 1 case (1.3%) of placental vascular thrombosis. Nine cases (11.5%) had no identifiable cause. Thus, the most common cause of HF in this series was homozygous α-thalassemia, reflecting the geographic location of this series. © 2010 Society for Pediatric Pathology.
Neonatal macrosomia is an independent risk factor for adult metabolic syndrome; Background: Weight in infancy correlates with risk of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, and obesity in adulthood. Clinical observations have been confounded by obesity-prone genotypes and obesity-linked lifestyles. Objectives: To define the effects of isolated neonatal macrosomia in isogenic animals, we compared macrosomic and control C57Bl6 mice co-fostered by healthy dams receiving standard laboratory feed. Methods: Naturally occurring neonatal macrosomia was identified by a gender-specific weanling weight above the 90th percentile for the colony. Macrosomic and control mice were phenotyped in adulthood by exercise wheel, tail cuff and intraperitoneal insulin or glucose challenge. Results: Compared to control males, adult males with a history of neonatal macrosomia had significantly increased body weight, reduced voluntary activity, insulin resistance, fasting hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. In contrast, adult females with neonatal macrosomia had no significant alteration in body weight or endocrine phenotypes, but did have higher blood pressures and lower heart rates than control females. After these baseline studies, all mice were switched to a hypercaloric, high fat diet (5 kcal/g, 45% of energy as fat). Twenty weeks later, male mice had impaired glucose tolerance and insulin resistance, independent of their weanling weight classification. While on high fat feeds, macrosomic males maintained a significantly higher body weight than control males. Conclusions: We conclude that (1) in our murine model, neonatal macrosomia is an independent risk factor of adult metabolic syndrome, and (2) neonatal macrosomia accentuates the sexually dimorphic predisposition of C57Bl6 male mice towards glucose intolerance and C57Bl6 female mice towards hypertension. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG.
Determinants of morbidity in late preterm infants; Objective: To assess the effect of selected maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy on the risk for morbidity among late preterm neonates. Design: Prospective cohort study. Material and methods: A total of 548 late preterm neonates (340/7 to 366/7weeks' gestation) delivered from August 2006 to July 2009, were included. Information regarding demographics, gestational age, mode of delivery, maternal age and parity, pre-existing medical conditions and complications of pregnancy were obtained and associated with neonatal morbidity, both independently and as joint exposures. Newborn morbidity was defined by combining specific diagnoses, length of hospital stay, and transfer to the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Results: Overall, 165 (30.1%) of the late preterm infants suffered from morbidity. The morbidity rates were 16.8% at 36. weeks' gestation, and then approximately doubled from 38.2% at 35. weeks to 59.7% at 34. weeks. The joint effect of gestational age (OR 8.43 for 34. weeks and 3.60 for 35. weeks' gestation), small for gestational age (SGA) (OR 4.18), multiple gestation (OR 3.68) and lack of antenatal steroid administration (OR 4.03), was greater than the independent effect of each of these factors, and greater than additive. Emergency caesarean section (OR 1.43) and antepartum haemorrhage (OR 3.07) were also associated with a significant impact on neonatal morbidity. Conclusions: The risk for morbidity among late preterm infants, changes with each passing week of gestation. This risk seems to be intensified, when other exposures such as SGA, multiple gestation, emergency caesarean section, lack of antenatal steroid administration and antepartum haemorrhage, are also present. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Is maternal educational level a risk factor for gestational diabetes in caucasian women?; Background and aims: Gestational Diabetes (GDM) is associated with features of Metabolic Syndrome (MS) and Cardiovascular Disease (CVD); low socio-economic status is a well known risk factor for these conditions. So, we performed this study to evaluate if maternal educational level (MEL) may be associated with the development of GDM as well as impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Materials and methods: From 2006 to 2009 we examined a cohort of Caucasian pregnant women attending 3-h 100-g OGTT in our Department of Diabetes. According to ADA criteria, GDM and IGT were diagnosed when almost 2 or 1 plasma glucose concentrations exceeded the cut-off levels, respectively. At the enrolment, upon collection of anthropometric and clinical parameters, we assessed the MEL on the basis of the level of attended school, evaluated by a questionnaire. So the women were categorized into three levels: low (primary school; L), intermediate (high school; I) and high (university; H) level. Results: We studied 1012 Caucasian pregnant women (mean age 33.8±4.4 yrs;) at 27.4±4 wks of gestation: 20% L, 48.6% I and 31.4% H. L women were younger (33.4±6.2 vs 33.2 ± 4.3 and 34.9±3.7 yrs, p<0.0002) heavier (BMI 25.7±5.6 vs 24.2±5 and 23±3.9 kg/m2, p<0.0001) with an higher rate of obesity (22.4% vs 12% and 6.9%, p<0.0001) and an higher weight gain during pregnancy(10.9±4.9 vs 10.4±5.8 and 9.7±3.6 kg, p<0.01) while H women were older than others (L 33.4±6.1 and I 33.2±4.3 vs H 34.9±3.7; p< 0.002). No differences were observed in family history for type 2 diabetes (27% L, 26% I and 21.5% H) and parity (primiparous: 45% L, 44% I and 40% H). IGT and/or GDM was diagnosed in 58(29%) L, 124(25%) I and 80(25 %) H women, without difference among the three groups. IGT and GDM diagnosis were not related to MEL, while after multivariate logistic regression analysis including all clinical and metabolic parameters, only prepregnancy BMI (F test value 12.148 p< 0.005) and age ( F test value 9.318 p< 0.001) were independently associated with IGT or GDM diagnosis. Conclusion: We failed to find any relationship between abnormal OGTT and maternal education levels. Probably in our population, differently than others, low education level is not a condition of deprivation and low health knowledge. Prepregnancy BMI and old age remain the best predictors of abnormal glucose tolerance during pregnancy. Obese and older women, independently of their education levels, have to be addressed to programs for preventing the development of glucose abnormalities during pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes is not associated with adiposity measurements in 18 months offspring: The mother child rhea cohort in Crete, Greece; Background and aims: Studies of developmental origins of health and disease have put focus on the possible role of intrauterine exposure to hyperglycemia in the pathogenesis of obesity and cardiovascular disease in offspring. Although gestational diabetes is a strong risk factor for obesity in the offspring, the age at which this association becomes apparent is unknown. The purpose of this study was to examine the relation of gestational diabetes with measures of adiposity in early childhood. Materials and methods: The mother-child “Rhea”study in Crete is a prospective cohort examining pregnant women (Greek and immigrants) residents at the prefecture of Heraklion that became pregnant during one year starting in February 2007 and initiated prenatal care before 15 weeks of gestation (mean: 12 weeks). Six hundred and thirty five pregnant women and their children, were included in the analysis. Pregnant women were screened for gestational diabetes (GDM) between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation, and GDM was defined by the criteria proposed by Carpenter and Coustan. Weight, height, abdominal circumference, and thickness of triceps, subscapular, suprailiac, and subscapular were measured in 635 children at 18 months of age (59 offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes). Multivariable linear and logistic regression models were used to estimate the effect of GDM on the risk of adiposity in early childhood after adjusting for offspring sex, age, maternal education, and parity. Results: Offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes did not differ significantly in BMI (beta coefficient: -0.20, 95% Confidence Intervals: -0.83-0.44), abdominal circumference (beta coefficient: 0.30, 95% Confidence Intervals: -0.65-1.25), or body fat percentage (beta coefficient: -0.27, 95% Confidence Intervals: -1.59-1.05) compared with offspring of non-diabetic mothers after adjustment for offspring sex, age, maternal education, and parity. Similarly, adiposity rates (BMI≥85th percentile-Odds ratio: 0.96; 95% Confidence Intervals: 0.44-1.55 , abdominal circumference≥85th percentile-Odds ratio: 1.29; 95% Confidence Intervals: 0.59-2.84, sum of skin folds >85th percentile- Odds ratio: 1.14; 95% Confidence Intervals: 0.20-1.26, and percent body fat >85th percentile-Odds ratio: 0.95; 95% Confidence Intervals: 0.36-2.55) did not differ significantly between the two groups. Conclusion: The study found no association between gestational diabetes and obesity in early childhood. These findings are consistent with the few other studies with adiposity measurements in early childhood. Further follow up of this cohort will allow determining if gestational diabetes has, an effect on obesity and cardiovascular risk in later childhood.
Physical activity may offset pregnancy-related insulin resistance; Background and aims: Insulin resistance increases in pregnancy, which is often compensated for by increase in insulin secretion in order to maintain normoglycemia. Physical activity improves insulin sensitivity outside pregnancy, but little is known of whether physical activity can offset pregnancyrelated insulin resistance, which was the focus of this study. Materials and methods: Thirty-two women in gestational weeks 28-32 from Västerbotten, Sweden were recruited through advertisement. Glucose and insulin levels were measured fasting and at 30, 60, and 120 minutes during a 75g oral glucose tolerance test. Insulin resistance was estimated using the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA-IR). Insulin secretion was estimated via early insulin response (EIR) and the oral disposition index (DIO). Resting metabolic rate (RMR) and total energy expenditure (TEE) were directly measured using indirect calorimetry and doubly-labeled water, respectively, from which physical activity energy expenditure (PAEE) was calculated. Heart rate measured with the Actiheart (CNT Ltd, Papworth, UK) was used to calculate time spent in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity and also to estimate sedentary time (min/day). Associations between gestational PAEE, sedentary time and insulin sensitivity or secretion were determined using generalized linear regression (SAS v9.1, Cary, NC). Results: Total daily PAEE was positively associated with DIO after adjustment for maternal age, height, and weight. Time spent in moderate-to-vigorous activity was not associated with any of the estimates of insulin sensitivity or secretion, but sedentary time was negatively associated with EIR. Conclusions: Insulin resistance typically increases during pregnancy and raises the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus. These data indicate that this may be ameliorated by maintaining high levels of physical activity. Specifically, our findings suggest that minimizing time spent in sedentary behaviors might be the focus of future interventions aimed at preventing gestational diabetes mellitus. (Table presented).
What is determined by impaired cardiac function in pregnancy with gestational, types 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus: Maternal or neonatal prognosis7; Background and aims: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus (DM) and is proportional to the duration of diabetes and/or a poor glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in pregnant women with prior gestational DM (GDM), insulin-dependent DM (IDDM) and insulin-independent DM (IIDM) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed at the 37-39 weeks of gestation in relation to maternal or neonatal prognosis. Methods: Fifty four women (10 with GDM - group 1, 17 with IIDM - group 2, 13 with IDDM until 5 years duration - group 3, 7 with IDDM from six to fifteen years duration - group 4 and 7 with IDDM more, than sixteen years duration - group 5) underwent 24-h Holter monitoring at the 37-39 weeks of gestation and 3-6 days postpartum. Heart rate variability (HRV) measures derived from 24-hour electrocardiography monitoring, calculated in the time (standard deviation of all normal RR intervals (SDNN), standard deviation of 5-minute RR intervals (SDANN), root-mean-square of difference of successive RR intervals (rMSSD), and percentage of adjacent RR intervals >50 ms different (pNN50) and frequency domain (total power - TP, power within low-frequency band - LF, and power within high-frequency band - HF). Results: In group 3 HRV was higher: SDNN was 122,4±24,4ms vs 86,0±34,3ms in GDM; 110,7±60,5ms in group 2; 104,5±40,6ms in group 4 and 50,2±6,7ms (p<0,05) in group 5 respectively. HRV patients of groups 2 and 4 were characterized by wide dispersion of HRV, which reflected from other diseases (hypertension, preeclampsia etc). In type 1 diabetes mellitus HRV progressively declines with duration of illness. Extremely low activity of sympatic nervous system (SDANN less than 68ms) in the 5 group was connected with lower Apgar score, but in common with higher parasympathic activity (rMSSD more than 45 ms) - with poor neonatal and maternal prognosis. After delivery there were no observed restoration HRV to normal in women with diabetes type 1. Conclusion: The loss of the variability of the cardiac rhythm confirms that in women with IDDM has a chaos in cardiac pacing, which reflects autonomic neuropathy and other complications. In type IDDM neonatal prognosis correlates with maternal activity of sympatric nervous system.
Two year's outcomes following the institution of combined ADIPS Guidelines for the management of diabetes in pregnancy; Background and aims: In mid 2007, we reviewed our approach to the management of pregnant women with diabetes following a review of published guidelines. We noted that the recommendations for maternal and fetal monitoring and timing of delivery were not unified. For example North American authors suggest twice weekly non-stress CTG from 28-32 weeks. By contrast the Australian Diabetes in Pregnancy Society (ADIPS) Consensus Document states. Formal testing of fetal wellbeing (eg, cardiotocography, umbilical Doppler blood flow studies or biophysical profile) is not necessary in an otherwise uncomplicated pregnancy before 36 weeks gestation. Materials and methods: In 2008 we adopted a more conservative approach to obstetric monitoring of diabetic women in pregnancy. This consisted of routine fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring at 36 weeks and growth ultrasounds at 28, 32 and 36 weeks gestation. Insulin requiring women with unstable control were delivered at 39 weeks and those with optimal control were delivered at 40 weeks. Women with diet controlled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) were delivered by 41 weeks. The latter were followed throughout pregnancy in a routine antenatal clinic with review by obstetricians, diabetes educators, and dieticians. The aim of this review was to examine the outcomes of women managed with this approach during 2008 and 2009. Results: The data are listed in the table 1. The one perinatal mortality was a fetus terminated at 20+6 weeks for Trisomy 13. There were fewer caesarean deliveries in those women with diet controlled GDM than in women taking insulin (34% vs. 48% P=0.005), fewer instrumental deliveries (9 vs. 22 P=0.028) and fewer admissions to SCN (1 vs. 16 P<0.001). There were no differences in birth weight, shoulder dystocia, admissions to NICU or 5 minute Apgar scores ≤7. Conclusions: A more conservative approach in the management of diabetes in pregnancy is associated with good outcomes for a cohort of almost 400 women managed in our unit over a 2-year period. The majority of women in both groups delivered before the need for induction of labour. (Table presented).
Oxidative stress may stay elevated after gestational diabetic and even healthy pregnancies; Background and aims: The number of pathological and moreover healthy pregnancies increases the risk of cardiovascular morbidity. Parous women with no complicated births have a 1.95-fold higher cardiovascular disease prevalence compared to nulliparas. Among women with one or more pregnancy complications, cardiovascular disease prevalence is 2.67 times higher. It was shown that increased oxidative stress can be observed during the course of normal pregnancy. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a pronounced degree of oxidative stress in placental and umbilical cord tissues and also in the plasma of the mother and the newborn. It is also known that elevated levels of oxygen and nitrogen derived reactive species are major contributors in the development of cardiovascular morbidities. Our aim was to examine the level of possibly persisting oxidative stress and its correlation to other known cardiovascular risk factors after pregnancy. Materials and methods: Serum total peroxide level was measured in healthy volunteers three years following healthy (n=20), moderate GDM (carbohydrate- restricted diet, n=30) and severe GDM (insulin treatment, n=12) pregnancies. Controls were age and BMI matched males (n=10) and nulliparous women (n=14). In order to characterize their carbohydrate metabolism fasting glucose, HbA1c levels were measured and oral glucose tolerance test (oGTT, 75g) was performed. Serum glucose and insulin levels were determined in every 30 minutes, area under the curve was calculated. The following clinical parameters were also gauged: inflammatory markers, lipid profile, liver and kidney function, thyroid and sex hormones. Serum total peroxide level was measured in fasting conditions and 2hours following oGTT. Results: The oGTT did not change the peroxide level in any study group. In fasting conditions the peroxide level of nulliparous women and men was similar. Previous healthy pregnancy significantly elevated (586.2±66.8 vs. 332.3±34.5umol/l, p<0.05) the peroxide level and previous moderate GDM did not increased it further on (657.2±46 umol/l). However severe GDM resulted in additional significant increase (951±147.7 umol/l p<0.05, vs. nulliparous, moderate GDM). Factors that may influence peroxide level were analyzed in multivariate regression model, in order to select significant variables stepwise method was used. According to the model peroxide level is significantly influenced by CRP (33.9umol/l, p<0.05) SHBG (2.7umol/l, p<0.05), total serum protein (22.8μmol/l, p<0.05) and the number of pregnancies (b=78.6 umol/l, p<0.05) (r2=0.46). The number of pregnancies significantly correlates with CRP (Pearson correlation: 0.32, p<0.05), which shows that the effect of previous pregnancy on peroxide level is partially due to the increase in CRP level. Conclusion: According to our results the elevated oxidative stress that can be measured during pregnancy can be still observed three years after delivery. The level of oxidative stress is only altered by previous severe GDM, but not moderate GDM. Immunological processes may play important role in this phenomenon. The elevated level of oxidative stress may contribute to the increased cardiovascular morbidity of child-bearing women.
Association of fatty liver index (FLI) with parameters of insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Most of the important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome, including obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia and hypertension are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Fatty liver (FL) is associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim of the study was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL and insulin resistance. Materials and methods: A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin resistant (IR; SI<2.8 10-4 min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin sensitive (IS). The fatty liver index (FLI>60 =likelihood >78% presence of FL; FLI<20=likelihood >91% absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters Results: Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0±3.6[SEM] vs. 20.6±5.6[SEM], p=0,008). In particular IR women showed higher FLI-values compared to IS (45.9±6.5 vs. 19.2±3.3, p=0.002). 16.1% of pGDM vs. 10.7% of NGT had FLI-values >60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS=-0.58, p<0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS =-0.45, p<0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association with Adiponectin as well as a positive association with Leptin. Conclusion: Results suggest that women with pGDM are at higher risk for fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI-values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease. (Table presented).
Alterations in diastolic function and lipid metabolism occur with the onset of overt hyperglycaemia in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Heart failure is still the main cause of death in patients with type 2 diabetes and especially women with diabetes have an increased cardiovascular risk compared to their male counterparts. Since cardiac complications are often present at the time of diagnosis of diabetes mellitus type 2 the question appeared if alterations in cardiac function are already present in prediabetic stages or if the diagnosis of diabetes is often delayed. Since women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) display a young, female population at increased risk for developing type 2 diabetes, the aim of this study was to investigate cardiac function via magnetic resonance (MR) imaging in women with pGDM with normal glucose tolerance, impaired glucose tolerance and overt type 2 diabetes as well as in women with no history of gestational diabetes and normal glucose tolerance (CON). Materials and methods: 1H magnetic resonance imaging of the myocardium, an oral glucose tolerance test for the assessment of glucose tolerance and blood sampling for the measurement of HbA1C and lipid profile were performed in 8 pGDM with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), 6 pGDM with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT), 12 pGDM with type 2 diabetes (DM) and 10 women with no history of gestational diabetes and normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (CON), who served as controls. The median followup period since pregnancy was 10 years. Results: DM showed a significant reduction of the E/A-ratio compared to IGT (1.09 vs 1.9; p=0.002) as well as a decreased stroke volume compared to all other groups (60.1±14.5 vs 79.47±14.6 ml;p=0.008) and significantly higher triglycerides (p=0.03) and lower HDL-values compared to NGT and CON (CON:64.8±9.2, NGT:66.4±17.6, IGT:53.5±12.8, DM:46.8±12.0; p=0.0047). E/A ratio and stroke volume were inversely correlated with systolic blood pressure (R=-0.6; p=0.002), triglycerides (R=-0.5; p=0.003) and HbA1C (R=- 0.5; p=0.001) and positively correlated with HDL (R=0.4; p=0.03). DM were older compared to NGT and IGT, but comparable to CON. There was no difference in BMI between the groups. Conclusion: According to our results women with overt diabetes are characterized by alterations of diastolic cardiac funtion and lipid metabolism. The latter seems to develop at the prediabetic stage. Hence, early detection of overt hyperglycemia and dyslipidemia in women at high risk should be the primary aim in the prevention of cardiac complications in diabetes mellitus type 2.
Transient neonatal hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia secondary to maternal lithium treatment; Lithium completely equilibrates across the placenta rendering the fetus at risk for toxic in utero exposure in manio-depressive mothers treated with lithium. Elimination kinetics in the newborn has never been described. Transient neonatal hypoglycaemia after maternal lithium treatment has been reported, but the pathophysiology of the hypoglycaemia has hitherto been unknown. We present a hypoglycaemic neonate of a mother in lithium treatment and hypothesized that the hypoglycaemia found was of hyperinsulinaemic nature. The girl was born at gestation 33 weeks with macrosomia, birth weight 3034 g; umbilical chord pH 7.20. Despite early nasogastric tube feeding, blood glucose was 0.1 mmol/l by 2.5 hour of age. Hypoglycaemia was treated with i.v. glucose up to 13 mg/kg/minute and diazoxide up to 10 mg/kg/day. Hyperinsulimia was documented at 24 hours of age with a blood glucose of 1.5 mmol/l and p-insulin of 137 pmol/l (12-77 pmol/l), p-C-peptide 4,948 pmol/l (130- 760 pmol/l) and p-proinsulin >150 pmol/l (2-23 pmol/l), (normal range in brackets). A strikingly increased proinsulin:insulin ratio indicated increased insulin production. The hyperinsulinism showed complete remittance at 5 days of age. Repeated p-lithium values showed a linear decline over 90 hours, indicative of zero order kinetics in the elimination of lithium. In the maniodepressive obese, but non-diabetic mother, lithium was discontinued two days before delivery due to a p-lithium of 1.23 mmol/l (therapeutic window 0.5-1.2 mmol/l). Earlier p-lithium values were in therapeutic range. Breast feeding was not allowed. The neonate also had (probably lithium-induced) hypoplastic left heart and died 11 days of age after cardiac surgery. In conclusion, neonatal hypoglycaemia after exposure to lithium in utero is of hyperinsulinaemic nature and due to an increased insulin production in contrast to the increased insulin secretion seen in primary congenital hyperinsulinism.
Maternal risk factors and congenital heart defects: Current trends; Background. Congenital heart defects (CHD) are prevalent in up to 1.3 million Americans and occur in approximately 36 000 babies each year. Purpose. We assessed the impact of maternal exposure to environmental risk factors on CHD development in pediatric patients. Methods. Prospectively enrolled children <18 years old diagnosed with CHD were included. Frequency of prenatal exposure to environmental risk factors was gathered by intake questionnaires. Control data was sourced from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS). Associations were measured by odds ratios (OR). Results. Two thousand eighty-seven CHD patients were enrolled: conotruncal heart defects (CTD) 28.0%; leftto- right shunt lesions (LRS) 25.4%; left ventricular outfl ow tract obstructions (LVOTO) 24.1%; right ventricular outfl ow tract obstructions (RVOTO) 9.7%, valvular defects (VD) 4.6%; and others 8.2%. The frequency of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and advanced maternal age increased in the current era. Case-control comparisons revealed a signifi cant association between GDM with CHD (OR = 1.61, P = 0.002), in particular with LRS (OR = 1.80, P = 0.021), and LVOTO (OR = 1.82, P = 0.02). Advanced maternal age was associated with CHD overall (OR = 1.46, P < 0.001), and with CTD (OR = 1.46, P = 0.027), LRS (OR = 1.85, P < 0.001), and LVOTO (OR = 1.52, P = 0.025) in particular. Smoking was strongly associated with valvular defects (OR = 3.43, P < 0.001). Exposure to recreational drugs was also highest in VD (internal OR 6.42, P < 0.001). General anesthesia was highest in RVOTO (internal OR 2.73, P = 0.026). Conclusion. The increase in GDM and advanced maternal age during pregnancy suggests a rising environmental risk burden for CHD. More importantly, associations between other emerging maternal risk factors with specifi c CHD subtypes suggests an interplay between environmental and genetic risk factors and identifi es an at-risk population that may benefi t from prenatal screening for CHD.
Cardiac function and lipid metabolism in women with prior gestational diabetes; Results: BACKGROUND: Despite intensive treatment strategies, patients with type 2 diabetes have not experienced the decline in cardiovascular morbidity and mortalitiy which was observed in the general population. Besides macroangiopathy the increased risk might be linked to a disease specific entity, termed diabetic cardiomyopathy. Recent evidence suggests, that increased intramyocellular lipid accumulation could play a pivotal role in the pathophysiogy of this disease. Comparable to increased ectopic lipid accumulations in liver and sceletal muscle, cardiac steatosis could already be present in prediabetic states. Since gestational diabetes (GDM) serves as a model to study the early changes in the development of type 2 diabetes, we aimed to investigate cardiac function and lipid metabolism in women with prior GDM (pGDM). PATIENT POPULATION AND METHODS: 1H magnetic resonance imaging and breath movement navigated and ECG triggered localized 1H single voxel MR spectroscopy (TE=30ms) were used to measure left ventricular dynamic parameters and myocardial lipid accumulation in cardiac septum of 5 pGDM with normal glucose tolerance (nGDM), 7 pGDM with type 2 diabetes (dmGDM) and 8 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT), who served as controls. RESULTS: The groups were well matched for age and BMI, although nGDM tended to be younger, the difference was not statistically significant. Concerning left ventricular function there was no difference between the groups with the exception of stroke volume, which was significantly decreased in dmGDM compared to NGT (p=0.02). Furthermore, dmGDM showed significantly increased intramyocellular lipid content (0.78Â±0.29 %;p=0.02) compared to GDM (0.33Â±0.2%) and NGT (0.46Â±0.27%) and decreased levels of HDL (dmGDM:44.3Â±13.0,nGDM:67.8Â±12.7,NGT:70.3Â±14.8 mg/dl;p=0.004), which were inversely correlated with intramyocellular lipid content (R=-0.6;p=0.006). CONCLUSION: Increased intramyocellular lipid accumulation is not associated with a history of GDM, but seems to develop after the manifestation of hyperglycemia. The strong negative association with HDL-concetrations underlines the potential hazards of cardiac steatosis.
Implementation of a state-based cardiovascular disease and diabetes prevention program; Results: The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) provided clear evidence that lifestyle intervention focusing on weight loss and increased physical activity can prevent diabetes in persons at high risk. In 2008, the Montana Department of Public Health and Human Services in collaboration with eight diabetes self-management education programs implemented an adapted, group-based intervention including the DPP 16 week core curriculum and 6 monthly after core sessions. Eligible participants had a BMI ≥ 25 kg/m2, and one or more of the following: pre-diabetes, IGT/IFG, a history of gestational diabetes or delivery of a baby >9 pounds, hypertension, or dyslipidemia. Participants were required to obtain medical clearance from their primary care provider, were assessed for readiness to change, and signed a behavior change contract; they were recruited through primary care practices and local media. Participants set goals to reduce fat intake, increase physical activity (>150 minutes/week) and lose 7% total body weight. A total of 1,037 participants were enrolled, 85% completed the core, and 60% attending one or more after core sessions. The mean age of participants was 53, 80% were female, and mean BMI at baseline was 35.8 kg/m2. Average weight loss was 6.7 Â± 5.4 kg (6.7%) and 7.5 Â± 7.3 kg (7.6%) at the end of the core and for those attending at least one after core session, respectively. Forty-six percent of participants met the 7% weight loss goal and 66% met the physical activity goal. Significant improvements were seen in cardiometabolic risk factors overall and among the high risk cohort. Cost per participant was $550. Our findings indicate it is feasible to identify and recruit participants who are at high-risk for diabetes and CVD and achieve similar outcomes to the DPP. This state-based model is a cost effective approach to implementing the DPP. (Table Presented).
Assessment of fatty liver index (FLI) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Results: Most of the important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome, including obesity, insulin resistance, glucose intolerance, dyslipidemia, and hypertension are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD) in later life. Fatty liver (FL) is also associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL and insulin resistance. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin resistant (IR; SI<2.8 10-4 min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin sensitive (IS). Insulin sensitivity (OGIS) was additionally assessed from oGTT. The recently validated fatty liver index (FLI>60 =likelihood >78% presence FL; FLI<20=likelihood >91% absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters. Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0Â±3.6 [SEM] vs. 20.6Â±5.6 [SEM], p=0,008). In particular IR women showed higher FLI-values compared to IS (45.9Â±6.5 vs. 19.2Â±3.3, p=0.002). 16.1% of pGDM vs. 10.7% of NGT had FLI-values >60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS=-0.58, p<0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS =-0.45, p<0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association between FLI and Adiponectin as well as a positive association with Leptin. Results suggest that women with pGDM are at higher risk for the development of fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI-values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease. (Table Presented).
Assessment of arterial stiffness in women with gestational diabetes; Results: Background: Gestational diabetes (GDM) may precede type 2 diabetes (T2DM) development and, hence, may be related to cardiovascular disease (CVD). Pulse wave velocity (PWV) measurement is the gold-standard method to evaluate arterial stiffness, a well-known preclinical cardiovascular risk marker. However, PWV has never been investigated in GDM. The aim was to evaluate aortic PWV in women with GDM in comparison to an age and BMI-matched control group of pregnant women. Methods: This case-control observational study included 24 women with GDM and 16 matched controls enrolled between June and November 2009 in the obstetrics outpatient clinic of the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro. Patients with any previous glucose impairment and/or present or previous hypertensive disorders were excluded. Clinical, demographic and laboratory variables were obtained and carotid-femoral (aortic) PWV were measured by Complior equipment. Student's t and Fisher's exact tests were used to compare data between the 2 groups. Results: Pregnant women from both groups had similar age, gestational age, BMI, ethnicity, smoking status, blood pressure (BP) and family history of T2DM, although the control group had a higher prevalence of family history of CVD (p=0.04). Women with GDM had equal aortic PWV than controls: 7.2 Â± 0.9 vs. 7.3 Â± 1.2 m/s, p=0.87. When categorized according to the median value of PWV (7.3 m/s), only age (p<0.001), diastolic BP (p=0.02) and heart rate (p=0.04) were associated with increased arterial stiffness. In the GDM group, fasting and 1-hour post-prandial glycemia (PPG) were obtained in the same week of PWV measurement and no association between aortic stiffness and glucose status was observed, although there was a trend towards higher PPG in patients with higher (above the median) PWV: 128 Â± 24 vs. 118 Â± 14 mg/dL, p=0.24. Conclusion: Although GDM may be a risk factor for CVD development, women with GDM do not have higher aortic stiffness than healthy pregnant women. Time of exposure to hyperglycemia may have been insufficient to increase central arterial stiffness in GDM women.
Type 2 diabetes in relation to shin spots, insulin resistance and its complications; Results: Shin spots (diabetic dermopathy) are the most common cutaneous manifestation in diabetes which occurs in 50% of diabetes. They are atrophic, hyper pigmented macules located on the shin. Relationship of shin spots and insulin resistance is not studied in the past, though its relationship with complication has been established. A cross sectional study of 100 patients out of which 50 patients were cases (diabetes with shin spots) and 50 were controls (diabetes without shin spots).Patients on insulin, gestational diabetes type 1 diabetes and acanthosis nigricans were excluded. Clinical co-relation was studied between shin spots and its complication. Insulin resistance was calculated using HOMA-ir calculator. Number of patients with shin spots having insulin resistance was 82% as compared to controls 80% with no statistical correlation. Association of shin spots with neuropathy (p<0.001), nephropathy (p<0.001) , retinopathy(p<0.001), ischemic heart disease(p=0.004) was statistically significant. To conclude shins shots are not associated with insulin resistance. There is a statistical correlation between insulin resistance and complications. Presence of shins spots should prompt to investigate for complications of diabetes.
The 3-year incidence of pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes in a Taiwanese metropolitan general population aged 40 and over; Results: Objective To estimate 3-year incidence of pre-diabetes or type 2 diabetes among residents aged 40 and over in Taichung city, Taiwan. Methods This was a prospective study with a random sample of 1,631 residents with normal glycemia and without any medication at baseline being followed for 3 years. New cases of pre-diabetes (fasting glucose 100-126 mg/dl) and type 2 diabetes (fasting glucose ≥126 mg/dl or medication) were ascertained from physical check-up and laboratory examination. Results The 3-year age- and gender-weighted cumulative incidence of pre-diabetes or diabetes was 6.4/100 person-year. Significant factors associated with 3-year incidence were history of cardiovascular disease and family history of hyperlipidemia in male and BMI> 25, hyperlipidemia, gestational diabetes or delivering a baby above 4000 gram, higher education level, and longer TV watching time in female. After multivariate adjustment, the odds of developing pre-diabetes or diabetes for males with history of cardiovascular disease was 2.43 times compared to that for male without history of cardiovascular disease (p<0.05). The odds ratio for family history of hyperlipidemia was 2.27 (p<0.05). For women, odds ratios for BMI> 25, hyperlipidemia, gestational diabetes or delivering a baby above 4000 gram, higher education level, and longer TV watching time were 2.15, 4.55, 2.02, 1.87, and 1.84, respectively (all p<0.05). Conclusion In summary, this study identifies different significant risk factors of pre-diabetes or diabetes incidence in men and women, which implying that different intervention programs should be planned separately for men and women aged 40 years and over.
Prevention of gestational diabetes: Design of a cluster-randomized controlled trial and one-year follow-up; Background: Annual prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is 12.5% among Finnish pregnant women. The prevalence is expected to rise with the increasing overweight among women before pregnancy. Physical activity and diet are both known to have favourable effects on insulin resistance and possibly on the risk of GDM. We aimed to investigate, whether GDM can be prevented by counseling on diet, physical activity and gestational weight gain during pregnancy.Methods/Design: A cluster-randomized controlled trial was conducted in 14 municipalities in the southern part of Finland. Pairwise randomization was performed in order to take into account socioeconomic differences. Recruited women were at 8-12 weeks' gestation and fulfilled at least one of the following criteria: body mass index ≥ 25 kg/m2, history of earlier gestational glucose intolerance or macrosomic newborn (> 4500 g), age ≥ 40 years, first or second degree relative with history of type 1 or 2 diabetes. Main exclusion criterion was pathological oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) at 8-12 weeks' gestation. The trial included one counseling session on physical activity at 8-12 weeks' gestation and one for diet at 16-18 weeks' gestation, and three to four booster sessions during other routine visits. In the control clinics women received usual care. Information on height, weight gain and other gestational factors was obtained from maternity cards. Physical activity, dietary intake and quality of life were followed by questionnaires during pregnancy and at 1-year postpartum. Blood samples for lipid status, hormones, insulin and OGTT were taken at 8-12 and 26-28 weeks' gestation and 1 year postpartum. Workability and return to work were elicited by a questionnaire at 1- year postpartum. Linkage to the national birth register of years 2007-2009 will provide information on perinatal complications and GDM incidence among the non-participants of the study. Cost-effectiveness evaluation will be based on quality-adjusted life years. This study has received ethical approval from the Ethical board of Pirkanmaa Hospital District.Discussion: The study will provide information on the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of gestational physical activity and dietary counseling on prevention of GDM in a risk group of women. Also information on the prevalence of GDM and postpartum metabolic syndrome will be gained. Results on maintaining the possible health behaviour changes are important in order to prevent chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes. © 2010 Luoto et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Cost-effectiveness of interventions to prevent and control diabetes mellitus: A systematic review; OBJECTIVE - To synthesize the cost-effectiveness (CE) of interventions to prevent and control diabetes, its complications, and comorbidities. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a systematic review of literature on the CE of diabetes interventions recommended by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and published between January 1985 and May 2008. We categorized the strength of evidence about the CE of an intervention as strong, supportive, or uncertain. CEs were classified as cost saving (more health benefit at a lower cost), very cost-effective (≤$25,000 per life year gained [LYG] or quality-adjusted life year [QALY]), cost-effective ($25,001 to $50,000 per LYG or QALY), marginally cost-effective ($50,001 to $100,000 per LYG or QALY), or not costeffective (>$100,000 per LYG or QALY). The CE classification of an intervention was reported separately by country setting (U.S. or other developed countries) if CE varied by where the intervention was implemented. Costs were measured in 2007 U.S. dollars. RESULTS - Fifty-six studies from 20 countries met the inclusion criteria. A large majority of the ADA recommended interventions are cost-effective. We found strong evidence to classify the following interventions as cost saving or very cost-effective: (I) Cost saving- 1) ACE inhibitor (ACEI) therapy for intensive hypertension control compared with standard hypertension control; 2) ACEI or angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB) therapy to prevent end-stage renal disease (ESRD) compared with no ACEI or ARB treatment; 3) early irbesartan therapy (at the microalbuminuria stage) to prevent ESRD compared with later treatment (at the macroalbuminuria stage); 4) comprehensive foot care to prevent ulcers compared with usual care; 5) multi-component interventions for diabetic risk factor control and early detection of complications compared with conventional insulin therapy for persons with type 1 diabetes; and 6) multi-component interventions for diabetic risk factor control and early detection of complications compared with standard glycemic control for persons with type 2 diabetes. (II) Very cost-effective- 1) intensive lifestyle interventions to prevent type 2 diabetes among persons with impaired glucose tolerance compared with standard lifestyle recommendations; 2) universal opportunistic screening for undiagnosed type 2 diabetes in African Americans between 45 and 54 years old; 3) intensive glycemic control as implemented in the UK Prospective Diabetes Study in persons with newly diagnosed type 2 diabetes compared with conventional glycemic control; 4) statin therapy for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease compared with no statin therapy; 5) counseling and treatment for smoking cessation compared with no counseling and treatment; 6) annual screening for diabetic retinopathy and ensuing treatment in persons with type 1 diabetes compared with no screening; 7) annual screening for diabetic retinopathy and ensuing treatment in persons with type 2 diabetes compared with no screening; and 8) immediate vitrectomy to treat diabetic retinopathy compared with deferred vitrectomy. CONCLUSIONS - Many interventions intended to prevent/control diabetes are cost saving or very cost-effective and supported by strong evidence. Policy makers should consider giving these interventions a higher priority. © 2010 by the American Diabetes Association.
Fetal out come in caesarean section after abnormal cardiotocography; Background: Cardio-tocography (some times known as electronic fetal heart rate monitoring) record changes in fetal heart rate and their temporal relationship to uterine contraction. Cardio-tocography is the most commonly used test for ante-partum and intra-partum fetal surveillance because it gives information about fetal cerebral activity via cerebro-cardiac response, which is modified by hypoxia. Objective: To determine the correlation between abnormal CTG pattern and fetal outcome in patients delivered by caesarean section. Study design: Descriptive study. Place and duration of study: This study was carried out at department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, Postgraduate Medical Institute, Lahore General Hospital, Lahore from April 1st, 2007 to March 31 st, 2008. Methodology: Two hundred consecutive patients with abnormal CTG delivered by Caesarean section were selected for study. Both labor and non-labor patients were included. Interpretation of CTG was done based on FIGO recommendation (1987) and was labeled as normal, suspicious and abnormal trace. Pregnancy outcome and neonatal data were obtained from delivery notes and neonatal charts and findings were correlated with fetal heart rate trace. Results: Out of 100 abnormal CTG, 68% had tachycardia, 76% had absent or reduced variability, 58% had decelerations and 20% had fetal bradycardia. The abnormal out come was highest in heart rate deceleration group. 10% babies were shifted to NICU. 9% developed neonatal complications including meconium aspiration syndrome 3%, early onset sepsis4%, and neonatal encephalopathy 2% while 91% babies had no neonatal complications. Abbreviations: CTG: Cardiotocography, FIGO: International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics, FHR: Fetal heart rate, NICU: Neonatal intensive care unit, GDM: Gestational Diabetes Mellitus, PROM: Pre-labor rupture of membranes, IUGR: Intra uterine growth retardation, SD: Standard deviation, CNS: Central nervous system. Conclusion: CTG can be continued as good screening test of fetal surveillance but it is not the sole criteria to influence the management of high risk pregnancies. Abnormal CTG should be supplemented with other test before intervention.
Vitamin D and pregnancy: An old problem revisited; Vitamin D has historically been considered to play a role solely in bone and calcium metabolism. Human disease associations and basic physiological studies suggest that vitamin D deficiency is plausibly implicated in adverse health outcomes including mortality, malignancy, cardiovascular disease, immune functioning and glucose metabolism. There is considerable evidence that low maternal levels of 25 hydroxyvitamin D are associated with adverse outcomes for both mother and fetus in pregnancy as well as the neonate and child. Vitamin D deficiency during pregnancy has been linked with a number of maternal problems including infertility, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes and an increased rate of caesarean section. Likewise, for the child, there is an association with small size, impaired growth and skeletal problems in infancy, neonatal hypocalcaemia and seizures, and an increased risk of HIV transmission. Other childhood disease associations include type 1 diabetes and effects on immune tolerance. The optimal concentration of 25 hydroxyvitamin D is unknown and compounded by difficulties in defining the normal range. Whilst there is suggestive physiological evidence to support a causal role for many of the associations, whether vitamin D deficiency is a marker of poor health or the underlying aetiological problem is unclear. Randomised controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation with an appropriate assessment of a variety of health outcomes are required. © 2010 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
The maternal and fetal impacts of obesity and gestational diabetes on pregnancy outcome; Obesity has reached pandemic proportions and is of growing concern worldwide. Adverse health outcomes associated with a raised body mass index present the greatest challenge currently facing clinicians across all disciplines. Obesity is a chronic illness which is associated with metabolic disease, nutritional deficiency, musculoskeletal complications and cancer. These obesity-related health issues extend to pregnancy where they are responsible for producing a variety of medical and obstetric complications resulting in an increased incidence of maternal and fetal adverse outcomes. Management of diet, gestational diabetes and gestational and inter-gestational weight may improve outcomes in women who are obese during pregnancy. Specific recommendations for the management of obesity in pregnancy have recently been published. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Obstetric problems in diabetic pregnancy - The role of fetal hypoxia; Perinatal mortality has not decreased over the last two decades in pregestational diabetic pregnancies. Stillbirth rate is 4-6 times and neonatal mortality 2-4 times higher in diabetic than in non-diabetic pregnancies despite modern electronic fetal surveillance methods. Majority of late stillbirths are "unexplained", many of which are presumably caused by fetal hypoxia. Both experimental and clinical studies have shown that fetal hyperglycaemia and hyperinsulinaemia can independently cause fetal hypoxia, which ultimately can lead to fetal death. Poor glycaemic control is associated with perinatal complications. Sharp increases in amniotic fluid erythropoietin levels indicate fetal hypoxia in diabetic pregnancy. Fetal erythropoietin concentrations correlate directly with maternal HbA1c levels. It is therefore important to maintain nearnormal glycaemic level throughout pregnancy. Measurement of amniotic fluid erythropoietin level is a new way to detect fetal hypoxia antenatally. Sufficiently large controlled studies are needed before definitive answer of the clinical utility of amniotic fluid erythropoietin measurements in diabetic pregnancies can be determined. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Season, vitamin D-related genes and maternal circulating 25OH vitamin D3 associate with pregnancy complications in an Australian population; Vitamin D deficiency is associated with preeclampsia, as well as hypertension, type 2 diabetes, obesity, cancers, immune dysfunction, cardiovascular disease and bone disorders. We aimed to determine whether prevalence of pregnancy complications is seasonal, and if they are related to maternal serum 25 hydroxy vitamin D3 (25OHD3) or with single nucleotide polymorphisms in the vitamin D receptor (VDR) and CYP24A1 (Vitamin D metabolising enzyme) genes in the SCOPE cohort (latitude ∼35°S). Peripheral blood from 1169 nulliparous couples and cord blood from babies were collected. Genotyping was performed using the Sequenom MassARRAY system. Serum 25OHD3 was measured using the Roche Elecsys Immunoassay. Data for 900 Caucasian couples were analysed. Genotypes and vitamin D concentrations at 15 weeks gestation for preeclampsia (PE n = 93), gestational hypertension (GHT n = 92), preterm birth (PTB n = 69), small for gestational age (SGA n = 138), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM n = 38) were compared with normal controls (n = 520) and analysed using Chi-square and ANOVA. The distribution of adverse outcomes was similar across seasons except for PTB, where 23% of babies were due to be born in September. Serum 25OHD3 at 15 weeks gestation was below 60 nmol/L (level of vitamin D sufficiency) in 35% of women and below 80 nmol/L in 75% of women, while just 4% of women had greater than 100 nmol/L. Not surprisingly, serum 25OHD3 concentration was significantly different between months of sampling with lowest levels in late winter and early spring. Circulating 25OHD3 is higher in women who smoke and is inversely correlated with BMI. When adjusted for BMI, serum 25OHD3 was significantly different between outcome groups with the exception of PTB. Maternal VDR rs7975232 is associated with PE andGDM,while maternal CYP24A1 rs2248137 is associated with gestational hypertension. In Adelaide there is a seasonal prevalence of PTB that is not related to circulating 25OHD3 although the latter is associated with other pregnancy complications.25OHD3is hydroxylated in placenta so 1,25OH2 D3 measurements may be more pertinent. Polymorphisms in vitamin D related genes associate with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
Impact of rheumatic heart disease on maternal and foetal outcomes; Background: Rheumatic heart disease although rare in Australia, remains prevalent in the Indigenous population due to high incidence of rheumatic fever. Aim: To evaluate the impact of rheumatic heart disease on maternal and foetal outcomes and its implications. Methods: 15 patients (age 25±10 years) with 20 completed pregnancies at the Townsville Hospital from January 2003 to April 2009 were studied. Results: The majority of patients were Indigenous or Torres Strait Islanders (85%). Obstetric high risk features included smoking (75%), previous miscarriages (40%), alcohol consumption (40%), multi-parity (30%) and gestational diabetes (10%). Mitral valve lesions were the predominant pathology including mitral regurgitation (50%), mixed mitral lesion (40%), and mixed mitral-aortic valve lesions (10%). No patient had an ejection fraction less than 40%. 60% had RVSP>28mmHg. 30% hospital admissions were cardiac-related. Average hospitalisation time was 10.7 days and time patient away from the community was 22.1 days. 50% patients showed a decline in NYHA functional class throughout pregnancy. 35% had congestive failure and 45% required at least 1 cardiac medication. 60% required Caesarean-section. Foetal complications include premature delivery (45%), low birth weight<2500g (43%) and IUGR (10%). 70% newborns required specialised neonatal care. No maternal or foetal mortality seen. Conclusion: Rheumatic heart disease remains predominant in the Indigenous population. Increased maternal and foetal complications during pregnancy are seen. Prolonged hospitalisation and time away from the community posed significant burden to healthcare system. Noncompliance with contraception remains an obstacle in the management of this sub-group of patients.
Impaired regulation of glutatione and the NRF2 pathway in fetal endothelial cells from diabetic pregnancies; Gestational diabetes is associated with a higher incidence of diabetes and cardiovascular diseases in offspring [1]. Previous studies demonstrated that fetal vascular function is altered in diabetic pregnancies, but the underlying mechanisms remain to be elucidated [2]. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) play an important role in the development of diabetes and associated vascular dysfunction [3]. We hypothesised that a diabetic intrauterine environment (gestational diabetes) will affect fetal programming and epigenetic changes, leading to alterations in antioxidant signalling. The nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) pathway is a key defence against oxidative stress and regulates glutathione levels. Human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) from normal and diabetic pregnancies were cultured in 20% serum M199 and then treated with 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) 20 μM for 3-24 hours. Glutathione (GSH) and antioxidant enzyme levels were measured by fluorescence and immunoblotting, respectively. GSH and NAD(P)H:quinone oxidoreductase (NQO1)expression were increased in response to HNE in normal HUVEC but markedly diminished in HUVEC from gestational diabetic pregnancies. Our findings suggest that impaired antioxidant defences due to epigenetic changes may contribute to the development of diabetes in adulthood.
Choroidal vasculare changes in hyperglycemic rats embryos; Diabetes is associated with an increased risk for cerebrovascular disease that happened in both microvascular and macrovascular complications. In this research, the effect of maternal diabetes on the choroids plexus volume changes in different day of gestation in rat's embryos was studied. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (55 mg kg-1), given by a single intraperitoneal injection to female Wistar rats (200-250 g). Control animals were given an equivalent amount of citrate buffer saline. In six stage of neonatal life (16.5, 17.5, 18.5, 19.5, 20.5, 21.5dg), two embryo of each mother selected and under anesthetized the brain was removed and fixed. Serial cross -sections were cut and stained with hematoxylin and eosin. The volume of choroids plexus by stereological methods was measured. Statistical analysis's showed significant difference in choroids plexus volume in all stage between diabetic and control groups (p<0.01). This study shows that maternal diabetes causes microvascular disorders in choroids plexus system that lead to an increase in volumes of choroids plexus.
The critical days in choroidal vascular changes in embryos from diabetic rats; Pregnant women who suffer from diabetes are more likely to have a child with more problems; according to a new study. Fetal brain oxigen deficiency occurs in human pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus or more common in the offspring of these pregnancies. In this research, the effect of maternal diabetes on the choroids plexus volume changes and total length of capillaries in different day of gestation in rat's embryos was studied. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (55 mg kg-1), given by a single intraperitoneal injection to female Wistar rats (200-250 g). Control animals were given an equivalent amount of citrate buffer saline. In six stage of neonatal life, two embryo of each mother selected and under anesthetized the brain was removed and fixed. Serial cross -sections were cut and stained with toluidine blue. The volume of choroids plexus and total length of capillaries by stereological methods was measured. Statistical analysis's showed significant difference in choroids plexus volume and total length of capillary's between diabetic and control groups (p<0.01) especially in 17/5 and 21/5dg. This study shows that maternal diabetes causes microvascular disorders in choroids plexus system in neonatal life that lead to an increase in volumes of choroids plexus.
High-saturated-fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6 mice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a commonly encountered disorder of mid to late pregnancy that is characterized by hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, and impaired glucose tolerance. Gestational diabetes mellitus is thought to be multifactorial in origin and derives from both genetic and environmental factors. However, the mechanisms underlying GDM are incompletely understood; and current GDM animal models do not appear to closely mimic the clinical situation in humans. The present study used environmental exposure to high-saturated-fat diet (HFD) in an effort to develop a GDM mouse model that closely simulates metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model was then used to determine the contributions of HFD-induced placental oxidative stress (OS) and vascular dysregulation, which are observed in GDM patients and are believed to contribute to the pathogenesis of the disease. Pathologic manifestations of the disease were quantified by evaluating the extent of placental lipid peroxidation and by determining protective effects of dietary antioxidant quercetin supplementation to reduce HFD-associated placental OS. In this study, female C57BL/6 mice were fed HFD for 1 month before conception and throughout gestation to mimic chronic maternal fast food consumption. Maternal body weight increased from gestation day (GD) 0 to GD19 by 41% with HFD, as compared with 23% in control dams; HFD dams also developed insulin resistance (66% increase in plasma insulin and 27% increase in plasma glucose levels by GD10) as compared with control dams. Placentas from HFD GD19 dams demonstrated loss of trophoblasts and OS-mediated labyrinthine endothelial cellular damage, the latter of which was prevented with quercetin supplementation. Our findings suggest that prenatal HFD alters glucose metabolism and elevates placental OS, which are believed to collectively relate to improper formation of the conceptus and impaired birth outcome. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal blood glucose in diabetic pregnancies and cognitive performance in offspring in young adulthood: A Danish cohort study; Aims Maternal diabetes is a known risk factor for perinatal complications, but there are little data on consequences for long-term intellectual outcome in offspring. We assess cognitive performance in military conscripts according to maternal blood glucose levels during pregnancy. Methods We identified a cohort of 60 Danish male offspring of insulin-treated diabetic mothers born between 1976 and 1984 and followed this cohort to military conscription. From medical records, we extracted data on all available values of maternal blood glucose categorized as fasting and non-fasting and by day in pregnancy, together with maternal White class, smoking habits and socio-economic status. The main outcome was cognitive performance at conscription measured with a validated intelligence test. The association between maternal blood glucose level and cognitive performance was assessed by multivariate linear regression and a fitted fractional polynomial. Results Median fasting blood glucose values in the second half of pregnancy was negatively associated with cognitive scores at conscription [adjusted coefficient -1.7; 95% confidence interval (CI) -3.0; -0.4]. Restriction to only first-born sibling slightly strengthened the association (coefficient -1.9; 95% CI -3.3; -0.5), but after exclusion of two pregnancies with the blood glucose > 10 mmol/l the association became insignificant (coefficient -0.6; 95% CI -2.6; 1.4). Conclusions Maternal blood glucose level during diabetic pregnancy is negatively associated with cognitive performance in offspring at military conscription. In pregnancies with fasting blood glucose levels below 10 mmol/l, the association is weak and considered to be without clinical relevance. © 2010 Diabetes UK.
Macrosomic newborn tachypnea. Diaphragmatic paralysis of obstetric cause; The diaphragmatic paralysis is caused by a lesion of the phrenic nerve, being the predominant cause in pediatrics during birth, especially in macrosomic fetus. The relationship with brachial palsy, aids the diagnostic suspicion, but we have to take into account that up to 25% of the cases are shown without brachial plexus injury. Symptoms are variable and may appear immediately after delivery or later in the neonatal period. Chest x-rays show an elevation of the affected hemi-diaphragm. The diagnosis is confirmed by M-mode sonography. The management commonly is conservative (oxygen or CPAP), with spontaneous recovery in most cases, although surgical plication is required in some cases.
Gestational diabetic patients with adequate management have normal cardiovascular autonomic regulation during the third trimester of pregnancy and 3 months after delivery; Objective: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the influence of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation at rest and their responses to head-up tilt (HUT). Research Design and Methods: We prospectively studied 79 pregnant women (51 with GDM, 28 without GDM) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after parturition. The maternal electrocardiogram and arterial blood pressure were noninvasively measured. Heart rate and blood pressure were measured in the supine position and in the upright position. Stroke volume was assessed from noninvasive blood pressure signals, heart rate variability (HRV) was analyzed in frequency domain, and baroreflex sensitivity by the cross-spectral and sequence methods. Results: Between the GDM group and control pregnant women there were no significant differences in hemodynamics and cardiovascular autonomic regulation throughout the protocol. Increased normalized low-frequency component and low-frequency to high-frequency ratio suggested a change in sympathovagal balance towards sympathetic predominance during pregnancy in both groups. The response to head-up tilt (HUT) was similar in both GDM and control pregnant women. The pregnancy modulated the response to HUT in systolic and diastolic blood pressure, stroke volume, cardiac index, peripheral resistance, total power of HRV, and its low- and high-frequency components. Conclusions: Our results suggest that pregnancy modulates cardiovascular autonomic regulation and hemodynamics equally in subjects with GDM and without GDM, suggesting that metabolic disorder during pregnancy does not result in cardiovascular dysfunction when GDM is in good balance. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fetal echocardiography - spectrum of congenital heart disease and outcome; OBJECTIVE: To document the spectrum of CHD and its impact on antenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease by fetal echocardiography. MATERIAL AND METHODS: The records of 1044 mothers referred for fetal echocardiography were analyzed. Fetal echo scan was done after 16 weeks of gestation. In complex CHD, a guarded prognosis was explained to the parents. Repeat echocardiograms were done in all neonates to correlate the antenatal diagnosis. Cardiac autopsy was carried out in case of terminated pregnancies. Intrauterine transfer to higher centers was advised in cases of complex CHD. RESULTS: Expectant mothers age ranged from 18-47 yrs (mean 24yrs). The gestational age was between 16 to 36 weeks (mean 22.3 weeks). The indications for referral were abnormal level 1 scan (28.5%), previous child with cardiac anomalies in 230 cases (22%), associated congenital anomalies in 68 (6.5%), gestational diabetes (20.49%), bad obstetric history (12.9%). One hundred and seventy of 1044scans (16.3%) were abnormal. Acyanotic heart diseases (ASD, VSD) were noted in 5.8%. Functional abnormality (significant valvular regurgitation) was noted in 9 and Complex CHD was seen in 5.1%. Bradyarrhythmia and tachyarrhythmia was seen in 3 and 5 cases respectively. Two pregnancies were advised termination before 20 weeks of gestation and autopsy finding correlated with the antenatal diagnosis of Hypoplastic left heart and hypoplastic right heart syndrome respectively. Five mothers received pharmacotherapy for fetal tachyarrhythmia with successful pharmacological cardioversion in three. Sixty-two mothers were advised institutional delivery. Twelve neonates needed PGE1 infusion at birth. Eight underwent a neonatal procedure (septostomy/valvuloplasty). Pacemaker implantation was done in 2 children with Complete Heart Block born to mothers with SLE. Ninety-three percent of antenatal echoes correlated well with neonatal scan. CONCLUSION: Fetal echocardiography positively impacts early diagnosis and management of children with congenital heart disease.
Assessment of Fatty Liver Index (FLI) in Relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Important risk determinants of the metabolic syndrome are present in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM) and indicate their high risk for type-2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Fatty liver (FL) is also associated with insulin resistance, in particular in the liver, and with CVD. The aim was to evaluate the relationship between pGDM, presence of FL, and insulin resistance. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 62 pGDM women and 28 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) until 3 months after delivery. According to ivGTT insulin sensitivity index (SI), pGDM were divided into insulin-resistant (IR; SI < 2.8 × 10-4 × min-1/(μU/ml)) or insulin-sensitive (IS). The fatty liver index (FLI > 60 = likelihood > 78 % presence FL; FLI < 20 = likelihood > 91 % absence of FL) was calculated for each group and was correlated with metabolic parameters (Tab. 3). Women with pGDM presented significantly higher FLI levels than women with NGT (30.0 ± 3.6 [SEM] vs 20.6 ± 5.6 [SEM]; p = 0.008). In particular, IR women showed higher FLI values compared to IS (45.9 ± 6.5 vs 19.2 ± 3.3; p = 0.002). 16.1 % of pGDM vs 10.7 % of NGT had FLI values > 60. In the whole sample FLI was negatively correlated with OGIS (rS = -0.58; p < 0.001) and HDL-cholesterol (rS = -0.45; p < 0.001). In addition, FLI was positively correlated with systolic and diastolic blood pressure, CRP, usCRP and liver enzymes. Further, we found a negative association with adiponectin as well as a positive association with leptin. Results suggest that women with pGDM are at a higher risk for fatty liver disease. In particular insulin resistance is associated with significantly high FLI values indicating that fatty liver could be another early marker for progression of the disease.
Assessment of Fatty Liver Index (FLI) in Relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; The proceedings contain 49 papers. The topics discussed include: correction of vitamin d deficiency in critically ill patients: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study; exceptional bone mineral density gain over 6 years attributable to permanent hypoparathyroidism after thyroidectomy in a 36-year-old woman; increased physical activity is associated with favourable body composition and higher bone density; association between bone mineral density and coronary atherosclerosis in patients with Type-2 diabetes; assessment of fatty liver index (FLI) in relation to insulin sensitivity in women with prior gestational diabetes; Type-2 diabetes mellitus is a common complication following cardiac transplantation: does developing glycemia prevent catch-up in bone mineral density?; and thyroid stimulating hormone-secreting pituitary adenoma: a rare, diagnostically challenging, and potentially curable disease.
Antipsychotic therapy during early and late pregnancy. a systematic review; Objective: Both first-(FGAs) and second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) are routinely used in treating severe and persistent psychiatric disorders. However, until now no articles have analyzed systematically the safety of both classes of psychotropics during pregnancy. Data sources and search strategy: Medical literature information published in any language since 1950 was identified using MEDLINE/PubMed, TOXNET, EMBASE, and The Cochrane Library. Additional references were identified from the reference lists of published articles. Bibliographical information, including contributory unpublished data, was also requested from companies developing drugs. Search terms were pregnancy, psychotropic drugs, (a)typical-first-second-generation antipsychotics, and neuroleptics. A separate search was also conducted to complete the safety profile of each reviewed medication. Searches were last updated on July 2008. Data selection: All articles reporting primary data on the outcome of pregnancies exposed to antipsychotics were acquired, without methodological limitations. Conclusions: Reviewed information was too limited to draw definite conclusions on structural teratogenicity of FGAs and SGAs. Both classes of drugs seem to be associated with an increased risk of neonatal complications. However, most SGAs appear to increase risk of gestational metabolic complications and babies large for gestational age and with mean birth weight significantly heavier as compared with those exposed to FGAs. These risks have been reported rarely with FGAs. Hence, the choice of the less harmful option in pregnancy should be limited to FGAs in drug-naive patients. When pregnancy occurs during antipsychotic treatment, the choice to continue the previous therapy should be preferred. © The Author 2008.
Antiretroviral regimens in pregnancy and breast-feeding in Botswana; Background: The most effective highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) to prevent mother-to-child transmission of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) in pregnancy and its efficacy during breast-feeding are unknown. Methods: We randomly assigned 560 HIV-1 - infected pregnant women (CD4+ count, ≥200 cells per cubic millimeter) to receive coformulated abacavir, zidovudine, and lamivudine (the nucleoside reverse-transcriptase inhibitor [NRTI] group) or lopinavir - ritonavir plus zidovudine - lamivudine (the protease-inhibitor group) from 26 to 34 weeks' gestation through planned weaning by 6 months post partum. A total of 170 women with CD4+ counts of less than 200 cells per cubic millimeter received nevirapine plus zido vudine - lamivudine (the observational group). Infants received single-dose nevirapine and 4 weeks of zidovudine. Results: The rate of virologic suppression to less than 400 copies per milliliter was high and did not differ significantly among the three groups at delivery (96% in the NRTI group, 93% in the protease-inhibitor group, and 94% in the observational group) or throughout the breast-feeding period (92% in the NRTI group, 93% in the protease-inhibitor group, and 95% in the observational group). By 6 months of age, 8 of 709 live-born infants (1.1%) were infected (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.5 to 2.2): 6 were infected in utero (4 in the NRTI group, 1 in the protease-inhibitor group, and 1 in the observational group), and 2 were infected during the breast-feeding period (in the NRTI group). Treatment-limiting adverse events occurred in 2% of women in the NRTI group, 2% of women in the protease-inhibitor group, and 11% of women in the observational group. Conclusions: All regimens of HAART from pregnancy through 6 months post partum resulted in high rates of virologic suppression, with an overall rate of mother-to-child transmission of 1.1%. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00270296.) Copyright © 2010 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved.
Severe hydrops in the infant of a Rhesus D-positive mother due to anti-c antibodies diagnosed antenatally: A case report; Introduction. Rhesus haemolytic disease of the newborn is a prototype of maternal isoimmunisation and fetal haemolytic disease. There are other rare blood group antigens capable of causing alloimmunisation and haemolytic disease such as c, C, E, Kell and Duffy. In India, after the confirmation of a newborn's blood group, antibodies are screened only if the mother is Rehsus D-negative negative and the father is Rhesus D-positive. Hydrops in Rhesus positive women are investigated along the lines of non-immune hydrops. Case presentation. We report the case of a patient from India where irregular antibodies were requested for an O-positive 26-year-old mother in order to investigate fetal hydrops. Anti-c antibody was revealed and the fetus was treated successfully with compatible O negative and c negative intrauterine blood transfusions. The baby was treated postnatally with double volume exchange transfusion with the same compatible blood, and was discharged 30 days after birth. Conclusion. We highlight the importance of conducting irregular antibody screening for women with significant obstetric history and fetal hydrops. This could assist in diagnosing and successfully treating the fetus with appropriate antigen negative cross-matched compatible blood. We note, however, that anti-c immunoglobulin is not yet readily available. © 2010 Singla et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Dysglycemias in pregnancy: From diagnosis to treatment. Brazilian consensus statement; There is an urgent need to find consensus on screening, diagnosing and treating all degrees of DYSGLYCEMIA that may occur during pregnancies in Brazil, considering that many cases of DYSGLYCEMIA in pregnant women are currently not diagnosed, leading to maternal and fetal complications. For this reason the Brazilian Diabetes Society (SBD) and the Brazilian Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics Societies (FEBRASGO), got together to introduce this proposal. We present here a joint consensus regarding the standardization of clinical management for pregnant women with any degree of Dysglycemia, on the basis of current information, to improve medical assistance and to avoid related complications of Dysglycemia in pregnancy to the mother and the fetus. This consensus aims to standardize the diagnosis among general practitioners, endocrinologists and obstetricians allowing the dissemination of information in basic health units, public and private services, that are responsible for screening, diagnosing and treating disglycemic pregnant patients. © 2010 Negrato et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Correlates of the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women in the san juan metropolitan area of puerto rico; Background: The metabolic syndrome is an interaction of risk factors that may lead to cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Methods: Given the need for data in Puerto Rico, this cross-sectional study aimed to determine the association between demographic, lifestyles, and reproductive characteristics and the metabolic syndrome among a sample of women (N = 564) in the San Juan Metropolitan Area. The metabolic syndrome was defined based on the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP III) criteria. Results: In multivariate logistic regression models, women aged 40-59 and 60-79 years were 3.03 [95% confidence interval (CI), 1.70, 5.40] and 7.05 (95% CI, 3.69, 13.49) times more likely, respectively, to have the metabolic syndrome as compared to those aged 21-39 years. A dose-response relationship was also observed between body mass index (BMI) and metabolic syndrome. Physical activity reduced the odds for metabolic syndrome [prevalence odds ratios (POR) = 0.64; 95% CI, 0.41, 1.01]; however, this association was marginally significant (P = 0.05). Among reproductive characteristics, only women who had a history of gestational diabetes (GDM) were 2.14 (95% CI, 1.02, 4.51) times more likely to have metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Consistent with previous studies, increased age and BMI, physical inactivity, and GDM are associated with the metabolic syndrome in this population. This information is relevant for the development of preventive interventions for the metabolic syndrome. Copyright 2010, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Vitamin D and diabetes; Type 1 (T1D) and type 2 (T2D) diabetes are considered multifactorial diseases in which both genetic predisposition and environmental factors participate in their development. Many cellular, preclinical, and observational studies support a role for vitamin D in the pathogenesis of both types of diabetes including: (1) T1D and T2D patients have a higher incidence of hypovitaminosis D; (2) pancreatic tissue (more specifically the insulin-producing β-cells) as well as numerous cell types of the immune system express the vitamin D receptor (VDR) and vitamin D-binding protein (DBP); and (3) some allelic variations in genes involved in vitamin D metabolism and VDR are associated with glucose (in)tolerance, insulin secretion, and sensitivity, as well as inflammation. Moreover, pharmacologic doses of 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25(OH)2D), the active form of vitamin D, prevent insulitis and T1D in nonobese diabetic (NOD) mice and other models of T1D, possibly by immune modulation as well as by direct effects on β-cell function. In T2D, vitamin D supplementation can increase insulin sensitivity and decrease inflammation. This article reviews the role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis of T1D and T2D, focusing on the therapeutic potential for vitamin D in the prevention/intervention of T1D and T2D as well as its complications. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Fetal exposure to gestational diabetes contributes to subsequent adult metabolic syndrome; Obesity and diabetes have become globally epidemic. The cause of this unprecedented rise in obesity is multifactorial, with inactivity, excessive calorie intake, and genetic factors implicated. More recent data indicate that exposure to diabetes during pregnancy increases the risk of childhood and adult obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Evidence derived from recent randomized controlled trials indicates that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) treatment reduces newborn obesity and therefore may contribute to reducing the global prevalence of obesity and metabolic syndrome. Current evidence detailing increases in global prevalence of obesity was reviewed together with data evaluating the effectiveness of treatment of GDM. Development of new protocols for diagnosis and treatment of GDM may reduce population obesity and cardiovascular disease. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Gestational diabetes: High risk for future diabetes and cardiovascular disease; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common condition affecting 2-10% of pregnant women in the USA and in Europe and is associated with adverse outcomes for both the fetus and the mother. Previous GDM is a major risk factor for type 2 diabetes (T2DM), which occurs in 20-60% of affected women within 5 years of the pregnancy1. In studies comparing women with GDM with those with unaffected pregnancies, relative risks for the development of diabetes after pregnancy range from 3 to 20. In a large Canadian study2 of 21 823 women with a previous GDM, the probability of diabetes developing after gestational diabetes was only 3.7% at 9 months, but 18.9% at 9 years after delivery. Women with a history of GDM are also at increased risk of other cardiovascular risk factors3,4, such as obesity, hypertension, dyslipidemia, and the metabolic syndrome, as well as subclinical atherosclerosis. In a population-based retrospective cohort study5 from Ontario-Canada 8191 women with GDM and 81 262 women without GDM were followed-up for a median of 11.5 years. Diabetes developed during follow-up in 2214 (27.0%) of the women with GDM and 2596 (3.2%) of the women without GDM. The hazard ratio for cardiovascular disease (CVD) events was 1.71, but after adjustment for subsequent T2DM, the hazard ratio was attenuated to 1.13. Thus, young women with GDM have a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM, however much of this increased risk is attributable to subsequent development of T2DM. These findings are in line with a cross-sectional study, which reported that women with a history of GDM had odds ratios for CVD and coronary artery disease of 1.85 and 1.586. Clinical trials now provide strong evidence for the impact of multiple interventions to prevent the progression to T2DM in women with a history of GDM. Both lifestyle modification and pharmacological therapies (metformin and pioglitazone) have been shown to reduce diabetes development by 50% or more. The diagnosis of GDM should initiate a long-term intervention and diagnostic process to minimize the risk of developing diabetes and CVD as early in the course of disease as possible.
Endothelium dependent hemostatic factors and subclinical inflammation in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with a history of GDM may be at increased risk for future diabetes and cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the endothelium dependent hemostatic factors as well as the parameters of endothelial function and inflammation in women with pGDM. Eighty women with pGDM and 40 women (control) healthy women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy were studied. In all women, plasma glucose, insulin, C-peptid, lipid profile, CRP and endothelium dependent hemostatic factors PAI-1, vWF, fibrinogen, tissue factor (TF), t-PA, total TFPI were measured. Subjects with pGDM and healthy control subjects did not differ in mean age or number of years postpartum. The women with a pGDM had higher fasting glucose, postprandial glucose, total cholesterol, LDL-cholesterol, and triglyceride levels than women with a history of normal pregnancy; homeostasis model assessment, insulin and C-peptid were also higher in the pGDM group. Compared with the control group, women with a pGDM had higher levels of CRP, fibrinogen, PAI-1, TF, and total TFPI. After adjusting for BMI, CRP and PAI-1 remained higher in the women with pGDM. PAI-1 levels correlated with BMI, WHR, LDL-cholesterol, triglyceride, HDL-cholesterol, fasting glucose, 2 h plasma glucose, insulin, HOMA-IR, CRP and TF in the whole group. The increase of endothelium dependent hemostatic factors and inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable markers in high risk of diabetes, like those with a pGDM. Higher levels of fibrinogen, PAI-1, TF and TFPI in particular may help to explain this higher prevalence of diabetes in pGDM subjects.
Mean platelet volume in women with previous gestational diabetes and its alteration during pregnancy; Previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) is associated with insulin resistance which is a well-known risk factor for atherosclerotic diseases. Mean platelet volume (MPV) is an indicator of platelet activation which plays a crucial role in pathogenesis of atherosclerosis. One hundred and five consecutive women with pGDM and 40 healthy women with normal previous pregnancies were included in the study. At the time of enrollment, anthropometric measurements and laboratory tests including fasting and post-load glucose levels, lipid profiles, insulin, fibrinogen and MPV were performed. Women with pGDM were classified as type-2 diabetes, IFG-IGT and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) according to 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Retrospectively, perinatal data of the subjects regarding anthropometric measurements, 100-g OGTT and MPV values during pregnancy were recorded. Women with pGDM were found to have higher insulin resistance, more atherogenic lipid profile and increased levels of plasma fibrinogen than control subjects. MPV was not statistically different between women with pGDM and women with normal prior pregnancies. MPV was associated with fasting blood glucose levels. MPV values were tended to be increased in women with pGDM who had type-2 diabetes when compared to those who had NGT (P=0.092). In retrospective analysis, MPV at the time of screening of GDM and MPV late in third trimester were found to be significantly higher in pGDM group. In conclusion, MPV values of women with pGDM were not statistically different from those of women with normal pregnancies. MPV tended to be increased in women with pGDM who had type-2 diabetes. During pregnancy, MPV was significantly higher in women with gestational diabetes.
The placenta and the gut: Regulation of barrier functions and inflammation by the maternal gut flora; Pregnancy is characterized by an altered maternal metabolism, due to hormones produced by the placenta, and to the activation of the maternal immune system. The placenta plays a key role for maternal metabolism and immune responses, and regulates fetal nutrient supply, fetal growth and fetal programming. Impairment of placental functions, e.g in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and preeclampsia (PE), will affect not only the mother, but also the fetus with both short- and long-term consequences for perinatal morbidities and chronic diseases in adult hood (e.g. cardiovascular diseases, obesity, DM). The commensal gut flora regulates a number of activities related to protective-, structural- and metabolic functions within and outside of gut. The aim of the present project was to examine the role of the maternal microbiota on placental functions with implications for gestational diseases (e.g. GDM, PE). Methods and results: Placentas were obtained from Germ-free (GF) and normal (SPF) mice at day 19 of pregnancy. Isolated mRNA were analyzed with Illumina Sentrix® Beadchip Array MouseRef-8 V2 (25,600 probes) and demonstrated lower expression of components involved in tight junction signaling in GF compared to SPF mice. Transepithelial electrical resistance measurements showed that serum from conventionalized GF mice altered tight junctions in CaCo-2 cells. Furthermore, serum levels of IL-1β were elevated in pregnant GF mice compared to non-pregnant GF mice and to pregnant SPF mice. Conclusions: The maternal gut flora affects properties of the placenta related to inflammatory responses and barrier functions with potential impact on feto-placental transport and metabolism.
Gestational hypertension: Risk factors, clinical and laboratory findings; Gestational hypertension is not an uncommon situation. Previous studies have shown up hypertensive disorders complicate 5 to 10 percent of pregnancies. Multiple risk factors in gestational hypertension development have been described, just as: previous obstetrical preeclampsia history, first pregnancy, age, hypertension family history, obesity, multiple gestation. We have collected all gestational hypertension cases and its clinical and laboratory findings from our hospital between 1st January 2003 and 31st December 2009. We have evaluated 46 women. As a result of, we have found out the hypertension beginning was of 24.02 +/- 12.36 weeks. The gestation ending was of 36.65 +/- 2.70 weeks [5% women by caesarean section]. 15 women [32.6%] had developed hypertension in previous pregnancy and 17 [37%] had hypertension familiar history. Only 6 women [15.9%] were diabetic or had developed gestational diabetes. The most frequent antihypertensive treatment was Captopril [85.4%] followed by nifedipine [34,8%], labetalol [30.4%], and methyldopa [15.2%]. The most frequent laboratory findings were low levels of albumin [3.18 +/- 0.53], proteinuria [1.20 +/- 1.82] and a rise level in LDH [520.65 +/- 408], uric [6.02 +/- 1.7], and AST [44.13 +/- 87.36], ALT [44.35 +/- 72.06]. Hypertension familiar history patients have a bigger proteinuria [p = 0.06]. It was more frequent the hypertension development of a previous gestation [p = 0.024] and hypertension beginning after gestation [p= 0.014]. The gestational hypertension beginning was earlier in women with a previous pregnancy hypertension history [p= 0.001]. Finally, patients who required methyldopa treatment ended their pregnancy before the others [p = 0.039].
Barriers to followup care in women with recent gestational diabetes mellitus: A qualitative study; BACKGROUND: Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have increased risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Postpartum and primary care visits in the year following delivery are frequently missed opportunities to screen for diabetes and counsel about risk reduction, as many women often do not attend these visits. Few studies have explored barriers to followup care in women with GDM. METHODS: Between July 2008 and March 2009, we recruited 23 patients with GDM during their third trimester of pregnancy from a single academic high-risk obstetric clinical practice in Baltimore, Maryland, using consecutive sampling. Inclusion criteria were insurance coverage during and beyond the 6-week postpartum visit and being English speaking. Participants completed a baseline questionnaire; we abstracted information from the medical record about pregnancy and delivery. We conducted semi-structured interviews either in-person immediately following the postpartum visit or if needed, by telephone. Interviews were audiotaped and transcribed. Two investigators independently coded transcripts. Codes, themes and memos were organized and explored using the Atlas.ti qualitative data analysis program. Quantitative analyses were conducted in STATA. RESULTS: We recruited 23 patients and completed 22 interviews, 13 in person and 9 by telephone. One participant declined to be interviewed. The mean age of participants was 31.8 (SD4.6), 61%were non-white, 48%were primiparous, the mean body mass index was 26.7 kg/m2 (SD 7.0), and six participants hadGDMin a prior pregnancy. All deliveries occurred between 36-40 weeks gestation; 11 women underwent cesarean delivery and 3 infants required admission to the neonatal intensive care unit. Nineteen women (83%) attended a postpartumvisit.We identified fourmajor themes addressed by every participant. Sub-categories (listed below eachtheme) illustrate barriers to followup medical care: 1) Experience being a patient with GDM Frustration with high level of self- and clinical monitoring. “In the beginning, I was like, 'Oh, I can,' and towards the end, I was in tears, and it's like, 'Okay,' dreading the needles, dreading all that.” Dissatisfaction with prenatal care. 2) Recent delivery and baby's health Delivery concerns and questions. “I didn't know that the reason they had to get him out so fast was that his heart rate dropped.” Complications with baby/NICU care. 3) Personal and family adjustment to the new baby Baby's unpredictable schedule. I had to make sure that she [the baby] was asleep so I could take a really fast shower and get dressed and get something in my stomach because if I wasn't able to do any of that I probably wouldn't have gotten here. Anxiety/feeling overwhelmed. 4) Concerns about postpartum and future health Fear of bad news of diabetes diagnosis. I was nervous. Just the whole unknowing, 'cause once you know, then it's like, “Okay, now what do you do?” Perception of good health. CONCLUSIONS: Women with recent GDM report multiple barriers to followup medical care. These results will inform the development of interventions aimed at enhancing communication and coordination of care to improve postpartum and primary care for these women.
Chondrodysplasia punctata type 2, X-linked dominant (CDPX2): Case report and review of the literature; Purpose-Objective: Radiological assessment of skeletal and urogenital abnormalities in a case of chondrodysplasia punctata type 2, X-linked dominant (CDPX2), confirmed by genetic counseling. Material and methods: Comes to our observation M.C., a newborn baby girl 2 days old, for suspected abdominal cystic mass. Radiological (RX, CT, US) and genetical examinations, instead of a mass, show hydroureteronephrosis with an enlarged bladder, in the context of a chondrodysplasia punctata type 2. Results: The little patient, preterm daughter of an alcoholic and diabetic mother, showed facial dysmorphism, eyelid edema, blepharophimosis, hexadactyly, cutaneous dyskeratosis with macerated skin and congenital heart disease. Radiological examinations revealed dolicocephaly, punctate calcifications of vertebral bodies, ischiopubic rami, sternum, larynx, scapula, olecranon, carpal and tarsal bones, congenital dislocation of the left hip, hydronephrosis. Discussion and conclusion: Chondrodysplasia punctata (CPD) is a clinically and genetically heterogeneous rare disorder that affects infants and young children, mainly characterized by punctiform calcification of the bones. X-linked dominant CPD, also known as Conradi-Hunermann syndrome, is the most well-characterized form. Accurate incidence and prevalence data are not available for this rare disease (Orphanet suggests a prevalence of 1-9/ 1.000.000). There are many diseases (growth deficiency, abnormalities of face and neck, skin defects, hydronephrosis) associated with the CDPX2, but before obtaining an essential genetic counseling or an evaluation of the levels of 8- dehydrocholesterol, these calcifications may then suggest the correct diagnosis.
The 6-week postpartum oral glucose tolerance test for women with gestational diabetes: An opportune time for risk assessment and for implementing lifestyle changes; National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence guidelines for 'Diabetes in Pregnancy' recommend women with gestational diabetes (GDM) have a fasting blood glucose (FBG) measurement 6 weeks after delivery as opposed to oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT), a cost saving to the National Health Service without affecting outcomes. Study objectives were to evaluate benefits of a 6-week postpartum OGTT (PP OGTT) over FBG measurements in women with GDM. Between January 2006 and December 2008, 126 out of 137 women with GDM (92%) attended the maternity unit for PP OGTT. A specialist midwife in diabetes wrote to the general practitioners of the 12 non-attenders informing them postpartum screening for diabetes was not performed. The specialist midwife gave advice to all attenders on future pregnancy management and on benefits of weight control, diet and exercise. 24 women screened (19%) had an abnormal OGTT: 16 women (12.7%) persistent impaired glucose regulation and 8 women (6.4%) type 2 diabetes. Women with an abnormal OGTT were seen by a diabetologist or referred back to primary care. GDM is associated with increased risks of developing diabetes in subsequent pregnancies, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Adopting long-term lifestyle changes reduces these risks. PP OGTT screening identified 16 young women with persistent impaired glucose regulation who could be offered not only lifestyle advice but also a full cardiovascular risk assessment with appropriate follow-up (2002 NSF for Diabetes) while PP FBG screening would have identified only the eight women with type 2 diabetes. Effective communication pathways between women, secondary and primary care are essential to ensure compliance, long-term follow-up and regular screening.
An urgent need to tackle the maternal obesity epidemic; In our maternity unit, the incidence of women with gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased over the years without a corresponding increase in the incidence of women with pregestational (type 1 and 2) diabetes, the ratio being 2 to1 in 2002 and 5 to 1 in 2009. The Caesarean section rate (CSR) in women with GDM is high and now approaches the CSR in women with pregestational diabetes. During this period, no babies born to women with pregestational diabetes had birth weights >4.5 kg while the mean incidence in birth weight >4.5kg was 3.1% in babies born to women with GDM. Maternal obesity, an important screening risk factor for gestational diabetes, is increasing in prevalence among our pregnant population. In 2008, 60% of women with GDM had a booking body mass index (BMI) > 30 compared to 13.5% of our overall pregnant population. Studies like the 2008 HAPO study have shown that maternal hyperglycaemia and maternal obesity are independent risk factors for adverse pregnancy outcomes such as delivery by Caesarean section and babies born with higher birth weights. The increasing prevalence of obesity in young pregnant women is draining overstretched healthcare resources. Women with GDM must adopt major lifestyle changes (healthy eating, diet, exercise) to reduce their risk of developing GDM in future pregnancies, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. (Table presented).
Gestational diabetes presenting as diabetic ketoacidosis; Diabetic Ketoacidosis (DKA) is a rare complication of diabetic pregnancy and usually associated with underlying Type 1 diabetes.1 It is an extremely rare complication of gestational diabetes. 2-3 and also recognised that type 1 diabetes can present in pregnancy as DKA. 4 The metabolic changes that accompany pregnancy predispose to ketosis are, an insulin antagonistic state, accelerated starvation, emesis and lowered buffering capacity.5 The use of corticosteroids, 6 -agonists and high incidence of urinary tract infection have also been shown to precipitate DKA in pregnancy.5 A previously healthy 23 year old gravida 2, para 1 Caucasian lady presented at 28 weeks gestation feeling generally unwell. She had been suffering from lethargy, had been vomiting for two weeks. In her previous pregnancy she was diagnosed with gestational diabetes. This pregnancy she had an oral glucose tolerance test at 17 weeks gestation, which was normal. She had no risk factors for diabetes, no family history of diabetes and normal body mass index. On examination she was afebrile, heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen saturations and respiratory rate were normal. Urinalysis revealed glycosuria and ketonuria. A random blood sugar measurement was 18.7 mmol/l and arterial blood gases showed a compensated metabolic acidosis. DKA was diagnosed and. immediate resuscitation was started as per the DKA protocol. There was no precipitating cause found. She had no growth on urine or blood cultures and a normal white cell count (10.8). DKA should be considered in pregnant women presenting unwell with ketonuria and treated promptly.
Neonatal heart rate variability in type 1diabetic pregnancy; Introduction In adult diabetic patients, abnormalities inheart rate variability can predict mortality post myocardialinfarction. Fetuses of diabetic mothers are at increased risk ofunexplained death in utero and it is possible that there may bean association with underlying alterations in fetal autonomicfunction. The objective of this study is to determine if neonatalautonomic function differs between normal and pregestationaltype 1 diabetic pregnancy.Methods Thirty-eight patients with pregestational type 1diabetes mellitus and 26 healthy controls were prospectivelyrecruited. All patients had neonatal heart rate variabilityassessed using Powerlab (AdiInstruments) and cord blood samplingfor arterial and venous pH and glucose was performed.Results Significant differences were found between the twocohorts. In the diabetic cohort, there was increased overallpower, increased low frequency (LF), decreased high frequency(HF) with an increased LF: HF ratio, (p values 0.016, 0.016 and 0.042, respectively) reflecting sympathetic overactivity. These differences were independent of gestationalage and birthweight centile. There were also significant associationsbetween heart rate variability and fetal academia(p=0.01) and maternal and fetal glycaemic control (p<0.05 andp=0.019, respectively).Conclusion This study shows significant evidence of autonomicdysfunction in neonates of type 1 diabetic mothers.This may be related to the effect of prolonged fetal exposure tothe hyperglycaemic milieu of diabetic pregnancy. Autonomicdysfunction may have a role in unexplained fetal death as itis influenced by acidosis and hyperglycaemia; features associatedwith fetal death in pregestational diabetic pregnancy.
Increased risk of hypertension after gestational diabetes: Findings from a large prospective cohort study; Gestational diabetes (GDM) is associated with an elevated risk of type 2 diabetes later in life. However, it is not yet established whether a history of GDM increases risk of other cardiometabolic disorders after the index pregnancy. We sought to investigate the association of GDM with subsequent risk of hypertension after the index pregnancy among 26,562 women in the Nurses' Health Study II. Subjects were included if they reported at least one pregnancy between 1989 and 2007, but did not report pre-existing hypertension, a cardiovascular disease event, type 2 diabetes, hypertension medication use, pregnancy hypertension, or GDM. Subjects were excluded in follow-up if they reported a cardiovascular disease event. There were 1,567 (5.9%) women exposed to GDM and 2,345 (8.8%) incident hypertension cases. A multivariate Cox proportional hazards model was used to estimate the risk ratio (HR) and 95% CI after the adjustment for age, BMI, family history of hypertension or type 2 diabetes, race, parity, BMI at age 18, subject's birth weight, physical activity, DASH Diet Score, smoking status, alcohol intake, analgesic use, and pregnancy hypertensive disorders. GDM was related to an elevated risk of hypertension, with a multivariate adjusted HR of 1.4 (95% CI: 1.3-1.7; p < 0.0001). As women with GDM are at a high risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes, we also examined the subgroup of women who developed diabetes after GDM exposure. Compared to women without GDM, women with both GDM and type 2 diabetes were 3 times more likely to develop hypertension (HR = 3.0, 95% CI: 2.1-4.2; p < 0.0001).These results indicate that women with GDM are at a significant increased risk of hypertension compared to women who do not have GDM.
The relationship between cardiac adaptation to uteroplacental Doppler flow and perinatal outcome in pregnant women with diabetes; Diabetes is a metabolic disorder that complicates pregnancy. Early detection of patients at risk of developing complications is particularly important. Failure of normal cardiovascular adaptation that takes place in pregnancy has been associated with poor perinatal outcome in preeclamptic patients. The aim of this study was to investigate if complications were higher in diabetic patients with cardiac maladaptation. Fetal, uteroplacental Doppler and echocardiographic examinations were performed once in the second and third trimesters in diabetic and healthy pregnant patients. Physiological cardiac hypertrophy was apparent in healthy patients. This, although within normal limits, was less prominent in patients with diabetes. The majority of patients were found to have normal Doppler waveforms. The abnormal uteroplacental flow group consisted almost entirely of patients with progestational diabetes, especially type I diabetes. Neonatal complications were most common in this group. No relationship was found between echocardiographic findings, Doppler waveforms and poor perinatal outcome.
Mechanisms involved in the developmental programming of adulthood disease; There are many instances in life when the environment plays a critical role in the health outcomes of an individual, yet none more so than those experienced in fetal and neonatal life. One of the most detrimental environmental problems encountered during this critical growth period are changes in nutrition to the growing fetus and newborn. Disturbances in the supply of nutrients and oxygen to the fetus can not only lead to adverse fetal growth patterns, but they have also been associated with the development of features of metabolic syndrome in adult life. This fetal response has been termed developmental programming or the developmental origins of health and disease. The present review focuses on the epidemiological studies that identified this association and the importance that animal models have played in studying this concept. We also address the potential mechanisms that may underpin the developmental programming of future disease. It also highlights (i) how developmental plasticity, although beneficial for short-term survival, can subsequently programme glucose intolerance and insulin resistance in adult life by eliciting changes in key organ structures and the epigenome, and (ii) how aberrant mitochondrial function can potentially lead to the development of Type 2 diabetes and other features of metabolic syndrome. © The Authors.
Assessment of cardiovascular risk and prevention of cardiovascular disease in women with the polycystic ovary syndrome: A consensus statement by the androgen excess and polycystic ovary syndrome (AE-PCOS) society; Objective: Women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) often have cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors. The Androgen Excess and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (AE-PCOS) Society created a panel to provide evidence-based reviews of studies assessing PCOS-CVD risk relationships and to develop guidelines for preventing CVD. Participants: An expert panel in PCOS and CVD reviewed literature and presented recommendations. Evidence: Only studies comparing PCOS with control patients were included. All electronic databases were searched; reviews included individual studies/databases, systematic reviews, abstracts, and expert data. Articles were excluded if other hyperandrogenic disorders were not excluded, PCOS diagnosis was unclear, controls were not described, or methodology precluded evaluation. Inclusion/exclusion criteria were confirmed by at least two reviewers and arbitrated by a third. Consensus Process: Systematic reviews of CVD risk factors were compiled and submitted for approval to the AE-PCOS Society Board. Conclusions: Women with PCOS with obesity, cigarette smoking, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance, and subclinical vascular disease are at risk, whereas those with metabolic syndrome and/or type 2 diabetes mellitus are at high risk for CVD. Body mass index, waist circumference, serum lipid/glucose, and blood pressure determinations are recommended for all women with PCOS, as is oral glucose tolerance testing in those with obesity, advanced age, personal history of gestational diabetes, or family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus. Mood disorder assessment is suggested in all PCOS patients. Lifestyle management is recommended for primary CVD prevention, targeting low-density and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and adding insulin-sensitizing and other drugs if dyslipidemia or other risk factors persist. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
Antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in pregnancy with uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus: a case report.; Antepartum pituitary necrosis is a rare medical condition that has only been reported in pregnant women with type I diabetes attributable to diabetes-related vasculopathy and hypercoagulability. We present for the first time a case of antepartum pituitary necrosis occurring in an uncontrolled gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) patient. The patient was a 32-yr-old woman at 33 weeks and 2 days of gestation. She suffered from severe headache, blurred vision, dizziness, and vomiting. Her baby was delivered by Cesarean section. The brain magnetic resonance images revealed pituitary necrosis. This suggests that pituitary gland necrosis may also complicate GDM pregnancy when glucose levels are uncontrolled.
Microvascular complications are associated with low levels of maternal sE-selectin and sVCAM-1 in pregnancy complicated with pregestational diabetes mellitus; Pregestational diabetes with vasculopathy in pregnant women is still associated with increased risk for severe maternal and foetal complications and their pathomechanism remains unclear. We investigate endothelial function in diabetic pregnant women with and without vascular disease, measured as changes in concentrations of soluble E-selectin and VCAM-1 throughout pregnancy. 121 pregnant women with PGDM and singleton pregnancy (30 participants with vasculopathy, 91 without vasculopathy) were enrolled into the prospective study. Control group consisted of 20 nondiabetic pregnant women in uncomplicated gestation, sampled cross-sectionally in early pregnancy and at term. We demonstrated lower concentrations of circulating sE-selectin both in early and in late diabetic gestation, irrespective of a concomitant vasculopathy. We also found reduced concentrations of sVCAM-1 in late gestation in diabetic pregnancies both with and without vascular disease, and reduced increase in its levels with gestation. We report significantly elevated concentrations of sVCAM-1 in early pregnancy in diabetic participants with retinopathy and nephropathy comparing with patients with retinopathy only and nondiabetic pregnant controls. We noted a general pattern of pregestational diabetes associated with reduced levels of cell adhesion molecules in early pregnancy with a further reduction during gestation, except for participants with combined retino- and nephropathy. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Hormonal contraception and diabetes; Because pregnancy in diabetic women is associated with increased maternal, fetal, and neonatal risks, prevention of unintended pregnancy as well as appropriate timing of planned pregnancy (e.g., when the patient is euglycaemic) assumes particular importance. However, contraceptive guidance as part of the pre-pregnancy counseling needs to be more widely implemented by general practitioners and in non-specialized obstetrical and gynaecological departments. Unfortunately up to forty percent of diabetic women do not use contraception. Women with diabetes are generally well motivated, but, concerns about fecundity and potential ambivalence about their desires for pregnancy maybe the reason. Today several effective contraceptive methods are available for women with diabetes. The barrier methods may prove both acceptable and reliable contraceptive agents for some of these women. When, however, a high risk of user failure can be predicted, the Cu-IUD or hormonal contraception including the LNG releasing system may be the only reversible alternatives. Use of currently available combined oral contraceptives (OCs) or progestin only contracetion (POP) as well as the LNG releasing IUS do neither impair metabolic control nor accelerate the occurrence of vascular disease in diabetic women. Likewise, use of combination OCs has not been found to precipitate type 2 diabetes. On the basis of evidence-based observations combined with clinical concerns related to the known increased risk of thrombosis with combined OCs, use of OCs appears appropriate for diabetic women younger than 35 years without late diabetic complications. This also applies to the ring, and the patch. The limited number of studies in certain clinical areas, especially considering contraception for women with type 1 diabetes and women with type 2 diabetes with vascular complications makes the choice of contraceptive a compromise. The balancing between pro and cons will from a clinical perspective depend on evidence of metabolic effects from hormonal contraception and pre-existing conditions such as high BMI, hypertension, coronary artery disease, nephropathy, retinopathy, or other vascular disease. In most cases POP, injectables or the LNG releasing system will be the safe hormonal methods as alternative to a Cu-IUD considering all reversible available methods.
A case of peripartum cardiomiopathy in a preterm gestation; Brief Introduction: Peripartum cardiomiopathy is a serious form of dilated cardiomiopathy related to pregnancy. It is defined as unexplained left ventricular systolic dysfunction that needs to be confirmed echocardiographically. Usual treatments consist of standard therapy of heart failure. Some patients may require inotropic therapy, immunomodulation or immunosuppression. Materials and Methods: Literature review and clinical history. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: A secundigravidae 28-year old woman presented a pregnancy that curses with gestational diabetes with poor controls and fetal diagnoses of macrocosmia. At 35 weeks of pregnancy, the patient was admitted to the hospital in order to control glycaemia rates. During her stay in hospital she fainted. An echocardiography was realized. Peripartum cardiomiopathy was considered the main diagnostic possibility. Because of the peripartum myocardiopathy and gestational age, fetal extraction was decided. There is no consensus on the best way of delivery. Because of preterm birth and fetal diagnosis of macrosoma it was decided to perform a cesarean section After delivery, the evolution was satisfactory. An echocardiography was repeated and showed slight improvement and ejection fraction remained low limits of normal. Currently the patient still controls the Cardiology showing slight improvement in her evolution. Conclusions: Prognosis is highly related to reversal of ventricular dysfunction and future pregnancy is nowadays not recommended in patients who fail to recover normal heart function.
Stroke and pregnancy; Brief Introduction: Stroke associated with pregnancy is a feared complication contributing to maternal deaths. The objective of this study is to describe the risk factors and the perinatal outcomes associated to stroke and pregnancy and the puerper-ium. Materials and Methods: This is a retrospective observational study in the Universitary Maternal Infant Hospital of Canary. The period included was: January 2002 to December 2009. The variables studied: maternal age, previous patholgy, substance abuse, parity, single or multiple gestation, complications of pregnancy, type of delivery, perinatal outcomes. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: There were 58,452 deliveries. There were 9 cases of strokes. The incidence was 15/100,000 deliveries. Six of the strokes were intracerebral hemorrhage (67%), two were arterial infarct, 45% happened during pregnancy, and 55% in puerperium period. Forty-five percent of women died. Three women were >35 years (33%), 55% of women had excess weight. Twenty-two percent were smokers. We detected one case of gestational hypertension and three cases of preeclampsia (33%), and all of them were intracerebral hemorrhages. Two cases of gestational diabetes. In four cases, it carried out a cesarean section, three eutocic and two forceps deliveries. The gestational age at delivery was >38 weeks in six cases (67%). Three newborn were trasladated to intensve united care. Conclusions: The majority of the strokes were intracerebral hemorrhage and appeared in puerperium period. The risk factors associated were: age >35 years, excess weight, smoke, diabetes, preeclampsia, cesarean section, and forceps deliveries.
Clinical and epidemiological findings in HELLP syndrome; Brief Introduction: In Spain an overall pregnancy induced hypertension frequency is 2.23%, 0.23% entitled to HELLP Describe the main clinical and epidemiological issues in gestations diagnosed as HELLP 2004-2009. Materials and Methods: Data of 30 pregnancies with HELLP extracted from data base medical records and registered in SPSS 15 for analysis. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: There were 17,408 deliveries, 7712 newborns; HELLP incidence was 0.17%. Maternal age mean of 30.6; main week at diagnosis was 33; all singleton gestations; 57.6% nulliparous;not prior history of hypertension in 90%, gestational diabetes in 2 cases. 24 women diagnosed of hypertension at current gestation at 31 weeks mean.Symptoms at admission: epygastralgia 26%, headache 20%, nausea or vomiting 20%, arterial hypertension 16%, abdominal pain 13.3%. Blood pressure increased in 87% at admission. Low platelet count, elevated LDH, GOT, GPT in 56%. 36.7% prompt delivered (<24 h) interval 2 h - 7 days and 1 case at 12th day.Summarized mode of delivery: 24 cesareans, 16.7% spontaneous, and 3.3% operative vaginal. Regarding postpartum morbidity: severe hypertension, vaginal hemorrhage, acute renal failure, liver hematoma. Neither placental abruption. 63.3% of newborns submitted to neonatal unit, main criteria was prematurity Conclusions: Although clinical issues are uncertain at diagnosis, some of them have been described frequently and help clinicians to promptly diagnosis HELLP for improve maternal and perinatal outcome.
Fetal myocardial morphological and functional changes associated with well controlled maternal diabetes; Brief introduction: The objective was to make a global evaluation of the fetal myocardial changes in a well-controlled diabetic population. Materials and methods: 24 pregnant well-controlled diabetic women were selected and 16 normal pregnancies was selected as control group. Measurements of morphological and functional myocardial parameters were performed. Data from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler were obtained. Clinical cases or summary results: The thickness of the interventricular septum was increased in diabetic pregnancies (P<0.001). Tricuspid E/A index was the only function parameter which showed significant variation, with lower values being shown in diabetic pregnancies. Doppler parameters from the left ventricular outflow tract and peripheral Doppler waveforms were similar between groups. Conclusions: A tendency towards interventricular septum hypertrophy is observed even in well controlled diabetic pregnancies. Mild hypertrophic cardiac changes did not associate abnormal cardiac function or signs of left ventricular outflow obstruction, although minor changes in right ventricular diastolic function were observed.
Aspects of cardiac involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother; Brief introduction: The evaluation of the main aspects of the cardiac involvement in infant of diabetic mother(IDM). Materials and Methods: Patients - 59 newborns IDM investigated in the first week of life and 44 of them and at 6-12 month by: clinical exam, ECG, RxCT, Doppler echocardiography(echo). Fetal echo was not done in any of pregnancies. Clinical cases or summary results: In 32 patients a systolic murmur was found, the other being asymptomatic or with signs for other pathology than cardiac. ECG: LV hypertrophy(14) and ventricular repolarization disturbances (37). RxCT: Cardiomegaly:16 cases. Echo exam: nonobstructive septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy-HCMP (41 cases-69,49%), arterial pulmonary hypertension(7), LV diastolic dysfunction(35-59,32%) with normal systolic function, congenital cardiac anomalies:9 cases (15%). At 6-12 months, of 29 cases that had hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, 18 had normal aspects, the 7 noted a reduction of septal hypertrophy, 4 similar aspects but all with normal LV diastolic/ systolic function. Conclusions: High risk for cardiac involvement in newborn of diabetic mothers, congenital malformations (15%) and/or HCMP(69,49%), routinely recommended early neonatal cardiological screening for this patients, regardless of the presence or absence of cardiac suffering signs. Echo exam is the most sensitive and objective non-invasive method useful for diagnosis and monitoring of such patients. Fetal echo must be made by routine in pregnant women with diabetes.
Uterine rupture in a pregnant woman of 33 weeks gestation with previous myomectomy; Brief Introduction: Uterine rupture during pregnancy is a serious complication for both mother and fetus. Materials and Methods: Case report. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Pregnant woman of 33 weeks gestation who complains of intermittent abdominal pain. Refer 6 h ago fetal movements. Background of interest: Gestational diabetes controlled with diet. Multiple abdominal myomectomy 2 years ago without endometrial cavity opening. Exploration: Constants normal. High uterine tone. No metrorrhagia. Closed cervix. Ultrasound: fetus in cephalic, estimated weight 1700 g with no cardiac activity. Normal placenta with no signs of detachment. No hemoperitoneum. Hemoglobin 10.6 g/dl. Normal coagulation. At 2 h, warn of increased abdominal pain, tachycardia and hypotension, with hemoglobin 8.4 g/dl. Emergency cesarean section is performed, noting significant hemoperitoneum. After fetal extraction, a uterine rupture is observed and a small intestine rupture that was attached to the uterus. Subtotal hysterectomy was performed and resection with simple-to-end anastomosis of small intestine. The pathologic reports of uterine rupture with placenta percreta that affects bowel segment resected. Conclusions: In pregnant patients with previous multiple abdominal myomectomy is necessary to take special attention, because the uterine rupture is more frequent. In this case also, the placenta had invaded the small intestine through the previous uterine scar.
Factors related to fetal cardiac hypertrophy in women with pregestational diabetes; Brief Introduction: The aim of the present study was to evaluate the relationships between metabolic control, chronic hypoxia and myocardial damage with the presence of cardiac hypertrophy in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes Materials and Methods: Fourteen fetuses of pregnant women with pregestational diabetes were evaluated twice in pregnancy. Cardiac hypertrophy was evaluated by measurements of the interventricular septum thickness. Z-scores adjusted by gestational age were used. Maternal glycosilated haemoglobin levels in each trimester of pregnancy were recorded. At delivery umbilical fructosamine, glycemia, insulinemia, C peptide, haematocrit, haemoglobin, RBC, troponine and CPK were measured. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Interventricular septum thickness increased and deviated from the mean for gestational age with progressing gestation being about 1SD above the mean in late pregnancy (0.18 ± 0.49 vs.. 1.00 ± 0.99 Z-scores respectively, p = 0.03). Factors significantly correlated to interventricular septum thickness included maternal glycosylated haemoglobin at the third trimester of pregnancy (r = 0.56, p = 0.03) umbilical troponin (r= 0.58, p = 0.02), umbilical fructosamine (r = 0.83, p = 0.0002) and birtweight (r = 0.79, p = 0.0008). Conclusions: Fetal cardiac hypertrophy is related to metabolic control in the second half of pregnancy and it seems to be a part of the organomegaly present in infants of diabetic mothers. Cardiac hypertrophy is related to some degree of myocardial damage as detected by plasma troponin concentration.
A single center fetal echocardiography indications and results analysis in one hundred seventeen cases; Brief Introduction: Aim:To analysis our fetal echocardiography indication, fetal cardiac abnormality ratio and results. Materials and Methods: Material and methods:This retrospective survey relates to all 117 fetal echo (FE) studies performed in our center from November 2009 to February 2010. The diagnosed cardiac anomalies were classified as significant and non- significant malformations. All FE studies were done by first five author. Gaziantep University a referral centre for a population of about 1,500,000. The 117 FE studies were performed for the following indications:abnormal obstetric ultrasound scans, maternal and family history of cardiac malformations, medication use during pregnancy, maternal diabetes mellitus, multiple pregnancy, abnormal fetal heart rate and maternal request. Clinical Cases or Summary Results: Results:Overall, 10 (%8.5) cases of CHD were found. The most common indication for referral was suspicion of CHD during a four- chamber view scan in a basic system survey (22.2%) or during a level II ultrasound survey (33.3%). No correlation was found between maternal age and gestational age at the time of scanning and the likelihood of finding CHD. Conclusions: Our data suggest that a suspicious level II ultrasound is the most important indication for FE in the detection of significant CHD.
Structural and functional characteristics of the common carotid artery inwomen with gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) defined as carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy. Women with a history of GDM are at high risk of subsequently developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. Diabetes mellitus is an important risk factor for microvascular and macrovascular disease. We examined both the structural and functional characteristics of large arteries in GDM. Methods: 23 women with GDM and 12 healthy pregnant women were examined after the 1st trimester of their pregnancy. Where possible, repeated evaluations were done in the second and third trimesters (T2 and T3). We investigated the carotid intima-media thickness (IMT), compliance (cc), distensibility (dc), circumferential strain (str), intima-media cross section area (IMCSA), stiffness index (SI) alpha and beta, incremental elastic modulus (Einc). Morphological features of the carotid arteries were measured with ultrasonographic vessel wall-movement tracking device. Carotid pressures were determined with applanation tonometry. Brachial blood pressure (BP), anthropometric and metabolic parameters (serum lipids, plasma glycated haemoglobin and C-reactive protein) were measured. Results: The diabetic group in T2 showed significant stiffening of large elastic vessels (SI alpha and betha, CC, DC, str, Einc, p<0.05) compared to the controls. The IMT did not differ significantly between GDM patients and controls neither in T2 nor in T3. Conclusion: Stiffening of large elastic vessels was observed at the diagnosis (T2) of GDM. The difference in functional parameters between women with GDM and healthy pregnant women disappeared after the appropriate treatment of GDM.
Which indicatio ns for testing are the best predictors of abnormal fetal echocardiography?; Background: Fetal echocardiography is routinely used in the prenatal detection and evaluation of congenital heart abnormalities. As the vast majority of scans are negative, stronger clinical predictors of fetal heart disease would be beneficial in predicting which patients should be scanned. Study design and participants: This study was a retrospective chart review of every fetal echocardiograph (FE) performed at 3 tertiary care fetal cardiology centres from 2004 to 2008, inclusive. Each chart was reviewed for indications for referral and for findings on FE. The prevalence of abnormal FE findings was compared between the various indication groups. Results: 517/1927 (26.8%) of fetal echocardiographs performed during the study period had abnormal results. There were a total of 22 distinct indications that were given as reason for referral to FE; of these, only 2 were strong predictors of abnormal FE results: 1) a cardiac abnormality seen on screening ultrasound; and 2) a previous abnormal fetal echocardiograph. Conclusions: Our study findings agree with previous similar studies. Most indications for FE that are currently used, including high referral indications of maternal diabetes and echogenic foci in the heart on screening ultrasound, led to very few diagnoses of congenital heart disease on fetal echocardiography.
The challenge of undiagnosed pre-diabetes, diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease; Objective: To present the challenges of undiagnosed pre-diabetes, diabetes and associated cardiovascular disease. Results: A substantial number of people with diabetes and pre-diabetes remain undiagnosed worldwide. Without preventive measures, pre-diabetes progresses to overt diabetes at the rate of approximately 5% per year. Both diabetes and pre-diabetes are associated with vascular complications. Conclusion: Undiagnosed pre-diabetes and diabetes is a major health problem, and we recommend widespread screening for diabetes. An international expert committee has recommended that HbA1c be used for the diagnosis of diabetes. Further studies are needed before HbA1c can be used as a diagnostic test for gestational diabetes. © 2009 International Journal of Diabetes Mellitus.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective.We evaluated the value of computerized cardiotocography (cCTG) in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Purpose of study.We studied fetal heart rate (FHR) recordings from 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 60 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy and 100 normal pregnant controls. The results were compared among the groups and related to neonatal umbilical artery cord blood analysis at birth. Research design and methods.Baseline FHR and the duration of episodes of low variation were significantly higher in diabetic than in controls and were negatively related to umbilical artery glycemia at birth, whereas the short-term variation in diabetics was significantly lower than in controls and was positively related to. Conclusions.Our study demonstrates that GDM does impact FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well being and correlate with neonatal reactivity. Only cCTG may allow to detect those slight but significant differences. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus, gestational hypertension, intrauterine growth restriction and premature rupture of membranes; Objective.We aimed to compare individual fetal heart rate (FHR) indices, as determined by computer analysis of the tracing, in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), gestational hypertension (PIH), intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and premature rupture of membranes (pPROM). Methods.The study population consisted of 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on diet therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by GDM on insulin therapy, 100 pregnant women affected by PIH, 100 pregnant women affected by IUGR, 100 with premature rupture of membranes far from the term (pPROM) and 100 normal pregnancies matched for age, parity and gestation as controls. The 30-min FHR tracing was analyzed by computer. Results.Baseline FHR, the duration of episodes of low variation and short-term variation was significantly higher in pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases than in controls; only in PIH, IUGR and pPROM were a significant reduction of the numbers of fetal movements. Conclusions.Our study demonstrates that pregnancies complicated by gestational diseases do an impact on FHR. The alteration is slight but evident; it reflects fetal well-being. Computerized FHR tracing analysis may improve the clinical care and the timing of delivery. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: A major cause of female infertility; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a very common reproductive disorder. Women with PCOS constitute the largest group of women at risk for the development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes. PCOS is the most common metabolic abnormality in young women today, occurring in 10% of female patients of reproductive age. Genetic studies support the increased frequency of PCOS in first-degree relatives of affected women. Many candidate genes have been proposed. Most likely, several genes are involved in the development of this heterogeneous syndrome. Women with PCOS frequently have irregular menstrual cycles, excessive body hair, are overweight, and suffer from infertility. Given the strong evidence that excess insulin plays a role in the development of PCOS, it is reasonable to assume that reducing circulating levels of insulin may help restore normal reproductive function. This may be accomplished by weight loss, improved nutrition, and exercise. These behavioral changes should be the first lines of therapy for an overweight woman with PCOS. By the age of 40, up to 40% of PCOS patients develop impaired glucose tolerance or clinical diabetes. Given the strong evidence that excess insulin plays a role in the development of PCOS, it is reasonable to assume that reducing circulating levels of insulin may help restore normal reproductive function. So our aim of this review is to provide complete information about the PCOS and how it will treat in patients.
Medical nutrition therapy for the management of diabetes; • Objective: To provide a comprehensive review of the most recent recommendations for the use of medical nutrition therapy (MNT) in patients with diabetes. • Methods: Review of the literature. • Results: MNT is an effective adjunct therapy for individuals with diabetes and is associated with a 1% to 2% reduction in HbA1C. As weight loss is an integral component of the chronic management of type 2 diabetes, an energy-restricted diet is recommended. No optimal macronutrient distribution has been found to be efficacious for glycemic control or weight loss. A comprehensive program of lifestyle modification, comprised of diet, physical activity, and behavior therapy, induces a mean loss of 7% to 10% of initial weight in obese individuals with pre-diabetes or diabetes. Two trials demonstrated that weight loss of this magnitude, combined with increased physical activity, substantially reduced the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in individuals with impaired glucose tolerance. A third trial is now investigating whether a lifestyle intervention will reduce cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in overweight individuals who already have diabetes. Pharmacotherapy is recommended, in appropriate patients, as an adjunct to lifestyle modification. Two medications - orlistat and sibutramine - are currently approved in the United States for long-term weight loss. Both are efficacious when combined with lifestyle modification, although recent health concerns have been raised about sibutramine. • Conclusion: To complement the medical management of diabetes, providers should be familiar with the underlying principles of MNT.
Mother's sinus tachycardia as a cause of unrecognized fetal death; Late fetal death was and still is a very sad and disappointing outcome of pregnancy. However, today, with all the classic and modern facilities at our disposal, it is really unacceptable that late fetal death remains unrecognized by qualified medical professionals at the beginning of labor. The authors have decided to present such an extremely rare case of unrecognized fetal death at the 39th week of singleton pregnancy in 19 years old primipara with sinus tachycardia which was recorded by external electronic fetal heart monitoring and mistakenly interpreted as normal fetal heart rate. The lack of timely diagnosis of gestational diabetes probably had resulted in undesirable fetal complications such as metabolic disorders, macrosomia and intrauterine fetal death, caused by fetal hypoxia and acidosis. Analysing the whole course of delivery a few fundamental obstetric rules were omitted: taking the patient's medical history was done quite inadequately (nobody asked her about previous attack of tachycardia and fetal movements), and the simple auscultation of the fetal heartbeat with simultaneous checking of the maternal radial pulse rate was ignored, leading to an unacceptable situation, where intrauterine fetal death was unrecognized through the first 3 hours of labor. The authors offer a clinical opinion that the obstetricians, as well as midwifes have to use modern medical technology and diagnostic tests wisely and critically, but can never allow themselves to skip the simple propaedeutic rules of obstetric care. Only with the better collaboration of the patient and with a watchful and critical analysis of the complete medical documentation and diagnostic tests, it could be possible to correct possible own or somebody else's professional errors.
Obstetric management of obesity in pregnancy; Rates of obesity among the pregnant population have increased substantially and adiposity has a damaging effect on every aspect of female reproductive life. This review summarises epidemiological data concerning obesity-related complications of pregnancy. Obesity is linked to a number of adverse obstetric outcomes as well as increased maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. These complications include miscarriage, congenital abnormalities, pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, iatrogenic preterm delivery, postdates pregnancy with increased rates of induction of labour, caesarean section, postpartum haemorrhage, shoulder dystocia, infection, venous thromboembolism, and increased hospital stay. It is important to consider obese pregnant women as a high risk group with a linear increase in risk of complications associated with their degree of obesity. Their obstetric management should be consultant-led and involve a multidisciplinary team approach to improve outcome. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of fetal cardiac function in gestational diabetes mellitus pregnancies; Objective: To evaluate the alterations of fetal cardiac sizes and function in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) pregnancies under different maternal glucose control. Methods: In two tertiary obstetrics hospitals of Shanghai, 44 GDM mothers received 78 fetal echocardiography examinations in the study period and were divided into good (DM1) and poor (DM2) glucose control groups due to their glucose levels at examination. 70 uncomplicated mothers were as control. Parameters of cardiac sizes and function were measured and analyzed by gestational ages subgroups (<28, 28-34 and ≥34weeks). Results: In GDM fetuses the ventricular walls, especial inter-ventricular septum were thicker than control, DM1 group more significantly than DM2 group. Peak flow velocities of aorta and pulmonary artery in GDM fetuses increased since <28 and 28-34 weeks subgroups respectively, and right/left cardiac outputs ratio decreased slightly during gestation unlike its increase in control group. Left atrial shortening fraction and tricuspid E/A ratio showed smaller in GDM fetuses than control since ≥34 and 28-34 weeks subgroups respectively with no significant differences between DM1 and DM2 group. Left and right ventricular Tei index were higher than control since 28-34 and <28weeks subgroups respectively in DM1 fetuses, but significantly increased till ≥34weeks subgroup in DM2 fetuses. Conclusion: Fetal cardiac sizes and function changed in GDM pregnancy, mainly the thickening interventricular septum, increasing blood flow and left cardiac outputs, decreased diastolic and global ventricular function. Tei index changed earlier and right ventricle was influenced earlier than left ventricle. More earlier and significant changes were observed in fetuses of poor maternal glucose control.
Evaluation of perinatal cardiac function in diabetic pregnant fetuses by brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) in cord blood; Objective: To approach the possibility of evaluating perinatal cardiac function in fetuses of diabetic mothers by measuring brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) in umbilical cord plasma. Methods: 24 gestational diabetic mothers were divided into good and poor control groups due to their blood glucose before delivery. Fetal cardiac sizes and function were measured in their late pregnant periods by fetal echocardiography. 25 uncomplicated mothers were as control. Cord bloods were sampled for detecting the BNP concentrations. Results: Among the groups the fetuses' gestational weeks and weights at birth had no significant differences, and the BNP concentrations had no correlations with them. The BNP concentrations in diabetic group were significantly higher than control (114.0 ± 39.0 vs. 80.6 ± 13.7 pg/ml, p < 0.001), among which the poor control group higher than the good control group (142.1 ± 44.1 vs. 102.4 ± 31.2 pg/ml, p < 0.01, n = 7 and 17 respectively). No significant difference was found between the gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance mothers, and no correlation of the BNP concentrations to these mothers' blood glucose at diagnosis. The BNP concentrations positively correlated to the fetal left ventricular walls thicknesses and the peak velocities of mitral A wave, and negatively correlated to the mitral E/A ratios (r = 0.715, 0.491 and -0.507 respectively, p < 0.05). Conclusions: BNP in cord blood is possible to evaluate perinatal cardiac function. diabetic pregnant fetuses have an increased BNP level in cord blood, which accords with maternal glucose control and changes in fetal diastolic function. Good glucose control may decrease the impact of abnormal maternal blood glucose on fetal hearts.
Maternal heart rate and heart rate variability during pregnancy and exercise training; Exercise in non-pregnant women increases parasympathetic control resulting in lower resting heart rates (HR) and increased heart rate variability (HRV). This is important given the relationships between pregnancy complications (hypertension, pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes) and altered autonomic control. This study tested the hypothesis that maternal exercise throughout gestation alters maternal cardiac autonomic control as indicated by changes in HR and HRV. We used magnetocardiography to record maternal HR between 28 and 32 wks GA from 20 women who exercised regularly (>30 min aerobic activity, 3 times per week) and 19 women who did not exercise during pregnancy. R-R intervals were used to determine HR and HRV. HR (82.9 + 9.1 vs 90.4 + 9.9 bpm; F=6.2(1,37);p<0.05) was lower, pNN50 was greater (16.3 + 19.4 vs. 6.1 + 6.0; F= 4.7(1,37);p<0.05), and there was a trend of higher SDNN (p=0.05) indicating increased parasympathetic control in the exercise relative to the non-exercise group. LF/HF, an index of sympathovagal balance, was lower (0.55 + 0.36 vs. 0.82 + 0.53; F=4.3(1,37), p<0.05) in the exercise group. Indices of parasympathetic control are altered in women who exercise regularly throughout their pregnancy. Therefore, exercise can be used as an intervention to decrease the risk of pregnancy complications associated with increased sympathetic input.
Maternal diabetes increases small conductance Ca2+-activated K+ (SK) currents which alters action potential properties and excitability of cardiac motoneurons in the nucleus ambiguus; Maternal diabetes (MD) impairs baroreflex control of heart rate. PCMNs play a key role in the baroreflex. We examined the effects of MD on excitability, action potential (AP) properties and SK channels of PCMNs. Neonatal mice from OVE26 diabetic (Type 1) mothers (NMDM) and normal FVB mothers (control) were used. XRITC was injected into the pericardial sac at P7-9 to label PCMNs. Two days later, XRITC-labeled PCMNs in slices were identified. Whole-cell (current and voltage) clamps were used to measure spike frequency, repolarization (half-width), afterhyperpolarization (AHP), outward currents, and afterhyperpolarization currents (IAHP). Compared to control, we found (p<0.05) in NMDM that: 1) spike frequency decreased; 2) the half-width and AHP peak amplitude increased; 3) the peak amplitude of outward transient currents and IAHP increased; 4) Cd2+ (Ca2+ channels blocker)-sensitive transient outward currents and IAHP increased; 5) application of Cd2+ increased AP half-width and decreased AHP amplitude; 6) apamin-sensitive transient outward currents and IAHP increased; 7) blockade of SK channels with apamin increased AP half-width and decreased AHP amplitude; 8) apamin application increased the firing rate to current injections and largely abolished the difference of the firing rate between control and NMDM. We suggest that the augmented SK currents may contribute to altered AP properties and the attenuated excitability of PCMNs in NMDM.
Maternal exercise dose response effect on fetal heart rate and variability; We did a retrospective analysis to determine if there was a dose response relationship between maternal exercise and fetal heart rate (HR) and heart rate variability (HRV). We used hierarchal linear regression of 36 wk data from MCG recordings and activity questionnaires. Associations between maternal kilocalories per min (kcal/min) and total kcal expended (Tkcal) during exercise and fetal HR and HRV (ie. SDNN, RMSSD, VLF, LF, HF) were examined. We controlled for maternal resting HR, maternal weight, maternal kcal while sedentary, and fetal activity state. In univariate analysis, SDNN, VLF, and LF were positively correlated with Tkcal (p<0.05) and fetal HR was negatively correlated. SDNN and HF were positively correlated with kcal/min (p<0.05). After controlling for confounders, significant associations were found with Tkcal and SDNN (t=2.7) and between kcal/min and fetal HR (t = -2.3), RMSSD (t= 2.2), and HF (t=2.2). Maternal exercise variables explained significant portions of the variance in fetal measures: HR (17.8%), RMSSD (15.5%), SDNN (20.4%), and HF (15.7%). Maternal exercise intensity and energy expenditure has a dose response effect on the fetal heart consistent with the development origins hypothesis. These findings will guide future studies using exercise as an intervention for improving maternal and fetal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes, obesity and hypertension.
Assessment of mean platelet volume of pregnants with gestational diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance as a marker of future cardiovascular disease risk; Objective: To assess the platelet count and mean platelet volume (MPV) of pregnants with gestational diabetes (GDM) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) to find out whether GDM and GIGT are risk factors for development of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in the future. Materials and Methods: 50 g oral glucose loading test (OGL) was administered and heamotologic parameters were studied at 24-28 gestational weeks to all participants. When plasma glucose <sup>3</sup>140 mg/dl was measured following the OGL, a 100 g-3 h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) was applied. Invention: A significant difference was observed in MPV values of GDM versus normal OGL group. Results: Presence of high MPV in GDM could show increase in the risk of the present and future thrombotic complications.
A new method to analyse the pace of child development: Cox regression validated by a bootstrap resampling procedure; Background: Various perinatal factors influencing neuromotor development are known from cross sectional studies. Factors influencing the age at which distinct abilities are acquired are uncertain. We hypothesized that the Cox regression model might identify these factors.Methods: Neonates treated at Aachen University Hospital in 2000/2001 were identified retrospectively (n = 796). Outcome data, based on a structured interview, were available from 466 children, as were perinatal data. Factors possibly related to outcome were identified by bootstrap selection and then included into a multivariate Cox regression model. To evaluate if the parental assessment might change with the time elapsed since birth we studied five age cohorts of 163 normally developed children.Results: Birth weight, gestational age, congenital cardiac disease and periventricular leukomalacia were related to outcome in the multivariate analysis (p < 0.05). Analysis of the control cohorts revealed that the parents' assessment of the ability of bladder control is modified by the time elapsed since birth.Conclusions: Combined application of the bootstrap resampling procedure and multivariate Cox regression analysis effectively identifies perinatal factors influencing the age at which distinct abilities are acquired. These were similar as known from previous cross sectional studies. Retrospective data acquistion may lead to a bias because the parental memories change with time. This recommends applying this statistical approach in larger prospective trials. © 2010 Denne et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Diaphragmatic Paralysis Associated With Neonatal Brachial Plexus Palsy; Phrenic nerve palsy can occur in the context of neonatal brachial plexus palsy, yet neither outcomes nor definitive treatment guidelines have been established. Diaphragmatic paralysis alone in the newborn results in significant respiratory sequelae and failure to thrive. Reviewing the available literature revealed little information about the incidence of phrenic nerve palsy associated with neonatal brachial plexus palsy, or whether outcomes are associated with the severity of the brachial plexus palsy. Of patients with brachial plexus palsy evaluated during 2005-2009 (n = 166) at our institution, a minority (2.4%; n = 4) had clinically significant diaphragmatic palsy. Of these, a majority (75%; n = 3) manifested respiratory complications sufficient to warrant diaphragmatic plication. The severity of brachial plexus palsy failed to correlate with severity of respiratory consequences. None of the patients underwent nerve repair or reconstruction. We suggest that diaphragmatic paralysis should not be overlooked during a brachial plexus examination, and diaphragmatic paralysis in the very young may require aggressive intervention before the treatment of brachial plexus palsy. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Uterine rupture as a source of obstetrical hemorrhage; Uterine rupture is an important cause of obstetrical hemorrhage associated with morbidity for mother and fetus. Risk factors should be discussed in the counseling process. Intrapartum findings including maternal condition, fetal heart rate monitoring, and uterine activity may prove helpful in making the diagnosis of a dehiscence or rupture, but ultimately this requires some degree of suspicion by the labor and delivery team. As in any case of acute obstetrical emergency, preparation and timely mobilization of all necessary personnel is key to optimizing outcome. © 2010, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Polycystic ovary syndrome: A biopsychosocial understanding in young women to improve knowledge and treatment options; Aim.To assess psychological features in young women with and without PCOS. Methods.Observational, cross-sectional pilot study in young women aged 1825 with (n=24) or without (n=22) PCOS (age: 22.41±0.39 vs. 21.95±0.47 years, p=0.46; BMI: 29.17±1.54 vs. 22.05±0.83kg/m2, p=0.0003). The main outcome measures were quality of life, anxiety, depression, risk perception and fears on future health. Results.Women with PCOS demonstrated worsened quality of life (p=0.033) and greater anxiety (p=0.01) and depression (p=0.023) than women without PCOS related to BMI status. Women with PCOS were more likely to perceive themselves as at risk of obesity (p=0.012) and infertility (p<0.0001), and perceived greater importance in reducing future risk of prediabetes (p=0.027), gestational diabetes (p=0.039), type 2 diabetes (p=0.01), heart disease (p0.005), obesity (p0.0007) and infertility (p=0.023) than women without PCOS. Women with PCOS were more likely to have fears about future health related to weight gain (p=0.045), loss of femininity (p=0.035), loss of sexuality (p=0.003) and infertility (p=0.019) than women without PCOS. Conclusions.Worsened quality of life, anxiety and depression in young women with PCOS is related to BMI. Risk perception is appropriately high in PCOS, yet perceived risks of future metabolic complications are less common than those related to weight gain and infertility.
The fetal and maternal consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a type of diabetes that presents during pregnancy and usually disappears shortly after a woman gives birth. Better recognition of the risk factors of GDM, combined with more universal screening for the disease in many countries, has led to the increased detection of GDM along with other forms of pregestational diabetes. There is growing evidence that GDM significantly increases the risk of a number of short- and long-term adverse consequences for the fetus and mother, the most significant of which is a predisposition to the development of metabolic syndrome and Type 2 diabetes. Maternal and childhood obesity as well as cardiovascular disease are also potential long-term consequences of GDM. On the other hand, there is a growing body of evidence suggesting that the risk of many of these consequences can be significantly reduced or eliminated by aggressive treatment of GDM. There remains, however, a great deal of controversy over when to begin screening for hyperglycemia in pregnancy and at what level of hyperglycemia should aggressive intervention be initiated. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Hypertension in gestational diabetes mellitus: Pathophysiology and long-term consequences; Gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes mellitus are the most frequent obstetric disorders during pregnancy. The rates of both disorders are expected to increase as a result of delayed pregnancy at a later maternal age, the epidemic of obesity and the increased frequency of using assisted reproductive technology in women with infertility. Pregnancies complicated one or both of these disorders are also associated with adverse consequences for the mother and infant (both acute and long-term). The objectives of this review are to describe the association between gestational hypertension and gestational diabetes, and to discuss approaches to management and summarize long-term consequences of gestational hypertension. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Persistent fetal bradycardia - A marker for inherited metabolic disorder?; This case report highlights the persistent fetal bradycardia without fetal distress presenting at 29 weeks gestation. Approach to etiological diagnosis is discussed. The neonatal inborn error of metabolism as a cause for this bradycardia is emphasized.
Maternal obesity and associated reproductive consequences; The prevalence of obesity is continuing to increase among women. Women who are in their reproductive years are disproportionately affected by obesity. The link between obesity and increased morbidity from various conditions, including cardiovascular disease, Type 2 diabetes, osteoarthritis and malignancies, is well established. This article discusses the current state of obesity among reproductive age women in the USA and reviews the impact of maternal obesity on reproduction. The genetic contribution to human obesity is also discussed, as is reproduction following weight reduction surgery. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd.
Obesity and arterial compliance alterations; Obesity is associated with increased cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk, especially when excess body fat is distributed preferentially within the abdominal region. Obese subjects usually have increased arterial stiffness compared with non-obese subjects of similar age. The factors associated with increased arterial stiffness in obesity include endothelial dysfunction (decreased nitric oxide bioavailability), impaired smooth muscle cell function, insulin resistance, as well as elevated cholesterol and C-peptide levels. Furthermore, visceral fat, the adipose tissue-related renin-angiotensin- aldosterone system and hyperleptinaemia contribute to the obesity-associated impaired arterial compliance. Weight loss improves CVD risk factors and arterial compliance. Because increased arterial stiffness is a marker of CVD risk these findings support the concept that the presence of obesity has vascular implications. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Have clinical studies demonstrated diabetes prevention or delay of diabetes through early treatment?; The incidence of type 2 diabetes continues to increase at alarming rates. Prediabetes is a state of abnormal glycemic values that are not abnormal enough to result in the diagnosis of type 2 diabetes. Significant interest in the prevention of diabetes has resulted in trials evaluating pharmacologic intervention and lifestyle intervention to prevent the development of diabetes. Controversy exists over the exact definition of diabetes prevention. Agents might possibly delay diagnosis of diabetes via pharmacologic lowering of blood glucose. Goals of diabetes prevention include decreased cardiovascular disease. Trials assessing diabetes prevention should assess 1) Impact of the study drug upon the incidence of diabetes, 2) Impact of the study drug upon diagnosis of diabetes after post-treatment washout phase, 3) Assessment of insulin sensitivity/@-cell function/insulin secretion and blood glucose, 4) Assessment of confounding factors, 5) Impact of the study drug on the occurrence of cardiovascular disease. The published studies were reviewed using these criteria. Six studies evaluating seven agents have been were reviewed. Six of the seven agents reduced diagnosis of diabetes during use, but only two demonstrated effect after washout phase. One of the two agents has been withdrawn from the market. The second agent had a short follow-up period making the results difficult to interpret. Assessment of insulin secretion at entry to trial was common, however ongoing reassessment was uncommon. All studies attempted to assess confounding factors, however stratification of drug benefit relative to amount of lifestyle modification benefit was not reported in trials. Cardiovascular benefit in the form of reduced hypertension was documented with three agents. Pharmacologic prevention of type 2 diabetes remains unproven, due in part to the difficulty distinguishing between prevention and delay. Reduction in cardiovascular benefit is unproven with most agents studied. Larger studies powered to detect cardiovascular endpoints are necessary to determine benefit of diabetes prevention. Copyright © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: An opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing type 2 diabetes is greatly enhanced, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, and the link between these alterations and long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (i.e. weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favour of performing follow-up programs aimed to modify risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Interventricular septal hypertrophy in foetuses and infants of Libyan diabetic women; Objective: To calculate the overall incidence of interventricular septal hypertrophy (IVSH) in foetuses and infants of diabetic women and to determine the related risk factors. Paients and Methods: A descriptive longitudinal study was conducted in Tripoli Children's Hospital (TCH) from January 2003 up to May 2007. All diabetic pregnant mothers who were followed up in Al -Jala Maternity Hospital underwent foetal echocardiography screening for their foetuses from 28-38 weeks of gestation. Septal thickness >5mm during diastole was taken as IVSH (M mode echo cardiography). The infants were reassessed at 1st and 6th months of age. Verbal consents was obtained from the mothers who were included in this study. Results: 360 pregnant diabetic women were examined 38(10.5 %) had foetuses with IVSH. One foetus (2.6%) died during the intra- uterine period. Two of the infants died during the early neonatal period (Death was not related to the IVSH). Thirtyseven infants rechecked during the early neonatal period. Four of them showed signs of heart failure due to severe septal hypertrophy for which they received treatment. And three infants showed severe IVSH with no symptoms. Twentyeight out of 35 infants (80%) regained normal septal thickness during the 1st month of age. All of the infants regained their normal septal thickness by the age of six months. No statistically significant correlation was found between IVSH and the infant's birthweight (P=0.897). Among the affected infants 71% had mothers with Gestational diabetes. Conclusion: IVSH is not uncommon among foetuses of diabetic women. It is more prevalent in foetuses of women who have gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). IVSH has a benign course as all of the living infants showed complete remission by their sixth month of age. Recommendations: All pregnant women especially those who are at high risk of diabetes should be screened for the early detection and control of their Diabetes. Foetal echocardiography screening is highly recommended for this group of mothers.
IFPA Award in Placentology Lecture: Complicated interactions between genes and the environment in placentation, pregnancy outcome and long term health; Most research on the developmental origins of health and disease has implicated poor nutrition in the fetus, most often conferred by deficiencies in maternal nutrition, as an important causal factor that programmes offspring physiology for adult disease. Emerging evidence implicates interactions between genes and the environment that may help to explain why poor growth before birth is associated with a variety of adult onset diseases that appear in different individuals of the same birthweight. However, it is underappreciated that the placenta, particularly trophoblast invasion, is key to health of both the mother and child in both the short and long term and that the role of the father is more important than perhaps ever expected. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is but one of a continuum of several pregnancy complications that may be related and that may reflect the long term health of both parents and offspring. These include preeclampsia, pre-term birth and gestational diabetes, as well as IUGR. Polymorphisms in genes that regulate how the placenta invades maternal tissues, differentiates and functions and how the mother adapts to pregnancy have been identified as candidates that confer risk to pregnancy success. Potentially, pregnancy provides a window that gives clues to modifiable risk factors that should be addressed early to ameliorate late adult disease. Placentation and trophoblast invasion and its inhibitors in other species may provide new ideas for understanding what goes wrong in human pregnancy. Placentologists and clinicians may usefully collaborate to identify factors that predict risk for pregnancy complications and poor health later in life. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Population levels of folic acid and vitamin B12 and their implications: Do we need to consider B12 fortification to prevent gestational diabetes and future cardiovascular risk?; Background: Higher homocysteine levels are associated with higher risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in adults and if present in pregnancy associated with low-birth-weight. This in turn increases the offspring's risk of future CVD. Both folic acid (FA) and B12 are inversely associated with homocysteine levels and their deficiency also increases neural-tube-defects (NTDs). In addition, low B12 in pregnancy is associated with higher incidence of gestational diabetes and higher adiposity in the offspring. However, to reduce NTDs, as B12 deficiency was considered rare, only mandatory FA fortification was introduced in North America (1997-98). In the UK, though voluntary FA fortification of cereals exists, mandatory fortification is being considered. Aim: To assess the FA and B12 status in the UK population and to test the ''interplay'' between them on homocysteine levels using the National Diet and Nutrition Survey data (NDNS). Methods: NDNS was a cross-sectional survey (2000-2001) of representative UK adult population (19-65 years; n = 1297). Results: Prevalence of FA and B12 deficiency were 2.1% and 10.5%. In women of child bearing age (19-39 years), B12 deficiency was higher (11.8%). FA was the strongest determinant of lower homocysteine levels, followed by B12 (28.7&18.6% contribution to the variance). Individuals with highest FA and B12 levels had the lowest homocysteine levels. However, in B12 deficiency (< 148pmol/ L), higher FA levels (>32.6nmol/L) were associated with higher homocysteine levels compared to normal B12 (11.29vs8.99pmol/L; p = 0.003). Conclusions: These data highlight the importance of B12 levels in addition to FA. Increasing FA levels in B12 deficient mothers may increase the CVD risk of their offspring. Therefore, if mandatory FA fortification is introduced, B12 fortification/supplementation must be considered, especially in pregnancy.
Severe hypoglycaemia on postnatal wards - Case reports; Hypoglycaemia has potentially adverse effects for the neonate including brain injury and death. Most hospitals have protocols regarding screening 'at risk' infants, including growth restriction or maternal diabetes, and many use bed-side pre-feed glucose monitoring. Method: We outline the courses of two infants admitted to NICU with severe effects from hypoglycaemia, and additional factors for consideration. Results: Infant one was a term Pacific Island infant, birthweight 2630 g (customized 2nd centile). Initial feeding was scored 'good', but at 24 h she was found cyanosed, in status epilepticus, on the postnatal ward. Initial blood glucose concentration was 0.2 mmol/l. After intravenous dextrose the seizures ceased. An MRI the next day showed ischaemic changes in the corpus callosum and parieto-occipital regions suggesting a profound hypoglycaemic insult. Infant two was a term Indian infant birthweight of 2800 g (customised 14th centile). Initial feeding was scored 'good', but after 24 h feeding was poor, and a random blood glucose concentration was 1.9 mmol/l. On review the baby was bradycardic (80bpm). Shortly after admission to NICU infant two suffered cardiac arrest and required 10 min of CPR, with glucose and saline boluses (blood glucose <0.5 mmol/l on admission). After resuscitation aEEG showed a low voltage trace with seizure activity. A Guthrie card taken on admission showed elevated acylcarnitines. Although normoglycaemia was maintained, infant two died following a second cardiorespiratory arrest from which she could not be resuscitated on day 5. Conclusions: These infants illustrate two risk factors for devastating effects from hypoglycaemia û unrecognized growth restriction, and metabolic disease.
Falsely elevated troponini in a post para woman with chest pain; Description of Case: A 24-old woman, post para comes in with left sided chest pain. Three weeks earlier, she had a caesarean due to fetal distress. No significant past history, except gestational diabetes and panic anxiety. Mobile since caesarean. vs. Tachycardic (136), tachypnic (26), normal BP and normal oxygen saturation on room air. ECG normal. Laboratory studies revealed cTnI (Beckman assay) of 0.4 mcg/l (normal <0.04). In ED, pain free. Normal physical exam. Given this laboratory abnormality, patient was hospitalized for 9 days with multiple investigations and unnecessary treatments. At discharge cTnI 0.3. Still no obvious explanations for elevated cTnI. Patient had two repeat cTnIs post discharge. First one at a private lab which revealed <0.01. Second test 0.1 at our pathology. The blood test was sent to QLD pathology which showed cTnI 0.0. There was interference in the Beckman assay due to heterophile antibodies. Issues of Interest in the Case: (1) Highlight the underreported issue of false positive cTnI secondary to heterophile antibodies (2) Raise awareness of the large cost and patient risks associated with false positive cTnI (3) Knowledge about incidence, clinical correlation, and clinical significance of falsely elevated cTnI due to heterophile antibodies are important in the current era of widespread and indiscriminate use of cardiac Troponins.
Maternal type 1 diabetes induces congenital cardiac malformation in offspring in mice; Pregnancy in women with either type 1 or type 2 diabetes is associated with an increased risk of congenital heart isease, perinatal morbidity, and offspring mortality. The aim of the present study was to develop a mouse model imulating congenital cardiac malformation induced by maternal diabetes in humans. Adult female C57BL/6 mice were reated with an intraperitoneal (IP) injection of streptozotocin (STZ, 80 mg/kg IP per day for 3 days) to induce type 1 diabetes. Mice treated with saline served as controls. One week later, these mice were set up mating with normal adult ales (C57BL/6). The average time from STZ injection to successful mating verified by vaginal plugs was 21.8 days ranging from 7 to 51 days). Blood glucose before STZ treatment was not significantly different between the two groups, but was significantly increased at E5.5, E10.5 and E15.5 in the STZ-treated pregnant mice compared to saline reated controls. Hearts were collected at P1 to identify congenital heart defects. Maternal diabetes resulted in 20% ardiac malformations, which included transposition of great arteries, patent ductus arteriosus, bicuspid aortic valves, ouble outlet right ventricle, atrial and ventricular septal defects, and hypoplastic hearts. Cardiac Gata-4 and eNOS RNA expression at E10.5 assessed by real-time RT-PCR was significantly decreased in the diabetic offspring ompared ormal controls. We conclude that maternal type 1 diabetes induces congenital cardiac malformations in mice. This presents an excellent mouse model for further studying mechanisms of maternal diabetesinduced congenital heart disease.
Sheehan's syndrome during pregnancy: A case report and review of the literature; Case details: A 39yo G2P1 at 27 weeks gestation was brought to the emergency room after a gunshot wound to the chest. She was intubated. Blood, fluids, and vasopressors were started immediately. A fetal heart rate in the 130's was appreciated. Bilateral chest tubes were placed and a unilateral hemothorax was confirmed. The patient was taken to the operating room where a thoracotomy, repair of myocardium, and extraction of bullet was performed. The fetal heart rate remained in the 130's. The patient was extubated on postoperative day 3. She remained afebrile. Chest tubes were removed on day 5. However the patient continued to require low doses of vasopressors. Each time vasopressors were weaned, the patient had episodic symptomatic hypotension. On postoperative day 9, a morning serum cortisol was 0.04 micrograms per deciliter. A serum thyroxine level was less than 0.7 micrograms. The patient was diagnosed with Sheehan's syndrome during pregnancy. She was started on prednisone and L-thyroxine. Her insulin regimen for known gestational diabetes was modified. She was discharged home. The fetus was growing normally at 31 weeks. Pregnancy outcome information is not yet available. Discussion: Hypopituitarism during pregnancy is an endocrine emergency. The differential diagnosis of this rare condition includes pituitary necrosis and lymphocytic hypophysitis. Pituitary necrosis during pregnancy can be caused by an enlarging sellar mass such as prolactinoma, a spontaneous infarction in type 1 diabetics, or a subarachnoid hemorrhage. Symptoms of severe disease include headache, hypoglycemia, or hypotension. Symptoms of mild disease include postural hypotension, tachycardia, fatigue, anorexia, and weight loss. Failure to recognize mild disease has been a cause of maternal mortality. To our knowledge, this is the first reported case of pituitary infarction in pregnancy due to massive antepartum hemorrhage. As in this case, management includes thyroid and corticosteroid replacement. Rarely, patients may develop diabetes insipidus and require vasopressin. There are 51 reported cases of pregnancies with live births in women with hypopituitarism. An increased incidence of transverse lie and small-forgestational age infants was noted. Otherwise no increase in pregnancy complications was noted. During delivery and during any times of stress, high dose steroid supplementation is necessary.
Parity and risk of later-life maternal cardiovascular disease; Background: Prior studies relating parity with maternal cardiovascular disease (CVD) have been performed in relatively small study samples without accounting for pregnancy-related complications associated with CVD. Methods: We examined the associations between parity and maternal risk of later-life CVD in a population-based cohort study using data from the Swedish population registers. Women born from 1932 to 1955 were followed until the occurrence of CVD, death, emigration, or end of follow-up (December 31, 2005). Cox proportional hazards models were used to estimate associations between parity and risk of CVD accounting for birth year, yearly income, education level, country of birth, hypertension (pregestational hypertension or gestational hypertension, with or without proteinuria), diabetes (type 1, type 2, or gestational diabetes), preterm birth, small for gestational age, and stillbirth. Results: During a median follow-up time of 9.5 years (range 0-23.5), there were 65,204 CVD events in the full sample of women. Among 1,332,062 women, parity was associated with CVD in a J-shaped fashion, with 2 births representing the nadir of risk (global P value < .0001). Upon accounting for pregnancy-related complications in a subset of women with at least 1 childbirth after 1973 (n = 590,725), the association of parity with CVD was similar. Compared with women with 2 childbirths, the multivariable-adjusted hazard ratios (95% CIs) for women with 1 and ≥5 births were 1.09 (1.03-1.15) and 1.47 (1.37-1.57), respectively. Conclusions: In conclusion, parity was associated with incident maternal CVD in a J-shaped fashion, even after accounting for socioeconomic factors and pregnancy-related complications. © 2010 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Glucose intolerance in pregnancy and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome in young women; Context/Objective: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and even mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy are both associated with increased risks of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future. Because the metabolic syndrome also identifies patients at risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, we hypothesized that gestational dysglycemia may be associated with an unrecognized latent metabolic syndrome. Thus, we sought to evaluate the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and postpartum risk of metabolic syndrome. Design/Setting/Participants: In this prospective cohort study, 487 women underwent oral glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy and cardiometabolic characterization at 3 months postpartum. The antepartum testing defined three gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 137); gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) (n = 91); and normal glucose tolerance (NGT) (n = 259). Main Outcome Measure: The primary outcome was the presence of the metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, as defined by International Diabetes Federation (IDF) and American Heart Association/National Heart Lung and Blood Institute (AHA/NHLBI) criteria, respectively. Results: The postpartum prevalence of IDF metabolic syndrome progressively increased from NGT (10.0%) to GIGT (17.6%) to GDM (20.0%) (overall P = 0.016). The same progression was observed for AHA/NHLBI metabolic syndrome (NGT, 8.9%; GIGT, 15.4%; and GDM, 16.8%; overall P = 0.046). Onlogistic regression analysis, both GDM (odds ratio, 2.05;95% confidence interval, 1.07-3.94)and GIGT (odds ratio, 2.16; 95% confidence interval, 1.05-4.42) independently predicted postpartum metabolic syndrome. Conclusions: Both GDM and mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy predict an increased likelihood of metabolic syndrome at 3 months postpartum, supporting the concept that women with gestational dysglycemia may have an underlying latent metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
What's new in obstetric anesthesia: The 2009 Gerard W. ostheimer lecture; This article summarizes the most relevant publications in obstetric anesthesiology from 2008. Forty-two articles were selected from a pool of several thousand in >70 English-language journals that were deemed as having the most impact on the practice of obstetric anesthesia. © 2010 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Gestational diabetes leading to diagnosis and management of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2a; Backgrond: Multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type 2a is an autosomal dominant syndrome caused by specific proto-oncogene mutations characterized by medullary carcinoma of the thyroid, pheochromocytoma, and, occasionally, multiglandular parathyroid hyperplasia, which rarely complicates pregnancy. Secondary diabetes rarely has been reported in association with principal endocrinopathies complicating pregnancy. Case: A 34-year-old primiparous woman with recently diagnosed gestational diabetes had repeated episodes of dizziness at 30 weeks of gestation, initially attributed to glyburide. Continued episodes of dizziness and later-appearing bouts of severe headache, palpitations, diaphoresis, severe hypertension, and marked tachycardia led to diagnosis and management of MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy. Conclusion: Patients with MEN type 2a complicating pregnancy may present with gestational diabetes. © 2010 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Congenital cardiopathies screening associated with diabetes mellitus using maternal fructosamine plasma concentration; PURPOSE: to evaluate the importance of maternal plasma concentration of fructosamine as an indicator of fetal congenital cardiopathies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. METHODS: this was a retrospective study conducted on 91 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus who underwent routine fetal echocardiography at a university reference center in fetal medicine. Sixty-five patientes who presented pre-gestational diabetes mellitus and plasma fructosamine level were registered in the medical records prior to the ultrasound exam. The first measurement recorded was compared with the result of routine fetal echocardiography, carried out by a specialist physician of the service. The presence or absence of echocardiographic findings of congenital cardiopathies (EFCC) was related to plasma levels of fructosamine by the mean t-test and its accuracy for EFCC was verified by the ROC curve. Plsama fructosamine concentrations of 2.68, 2.9 and 2.23 mmol/L, which are, respectively, the local reference laboratory values, the value of the kit employed for measurement and the one of highest overall accuracy, were discussed as the cut-off values. RESULTS: EFCC was found in52.3% of the fetuses. The first measurement of fructosamine, during the prenatal care period, was performed, on average, at 20.4±8.0 weeks of pregnancy. The maternal concentration ability of the fructosamine to identify fetuses with EFCC was significant (p<0.0001) and had an area under the ROC curve of 0.78 (95%CI=0.66-0.89). The 2.9 mmol/L plasma concentration of fructosamine revealed EFCC with better specificity, but with a higher percentage of false-negative results (96.8 and 55.9%). Values above 2.68 mmol/L were associated with a probability of 4.6 to identify fetuses with EFCC compared with lower values, with 58.8% of sensitivity and 87.1%, specificity. The value of 2.23 mmol/L proved to be the most overall accurate of the three values suggested, with a sensitivity of 88.2% in the identification of fetuses with echocardiographic abnormalities. CONCLUSIONS: it is possible to use a second trimester plasma fructosamine level to refer high risk pregnant women to a reference center of fetal echocardiography. These findings are important for the management of women with diabetes mellitus who initiate late prenatal care.
Emergency repair of aortic dissection in a 37-week parturient: A case report; Aortic dissection is a life-threatening condition with a 50% mortality rate in the first 48 hours and a 3-month mortality rate of 90% in untreated patients. Aortic dissection is a rare complication of pregnancy, but there is significant morbidity and mortality for the mother and infant. A 43-year-old woman with a 37-week intrauterine pregnancy was admitted to the emergency department 6 hours after the onset of tightness in her throat and neck pain. She described the pain as similar to pain she experienced with a myocardial infarction 2 years previously. Other pertinent history included hypertension, gestational diabetes, coronary artery disease, and a family history of aortic dissection. The patient was initially misdiagnosed. Transthoracic echocardiogram and computed tomography scan revealed a type A thoracic aortic dissection extending into the abdominal aorta. An emergency aortic repair and cesarean section were successfully performed. Recognition of aortic dissection and an evidence-based, collaborative approach to optimize treatment and recovery are vital to the patient's survival. The purpose of this article is to highlight successful management of aortic dissection in a parturient and to broaden the body of literature on the topic.
Screening fetal echocardiography in diabetic mothers with normal findings on detailed anatomic survey.; OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the benefit of second-trimester fetal echocardiography for women with diabetes whose fetuses had no obvious heart disease on a detailed anatomic survey performed at skilled, high-volume obstetric centers, and to investigate the technical limitations of fetal echocardiography in this patient population. METHODS: This was a retrospective descriptive review of fetal echocardiograms performed at Children's Hospital Boston from 2000 to 2005. All women referred during the second trimester for fetal echocardiography because of maternal diabetes were included. Those with severe heart disease suspected on obstetric ultrasound examination were excluded. RESULTS: There were 584 initial fetal echocardiograms. No patients were diagnosed with severe heart disease prenatally. Nineteen were diagnosed with suspected mild heart disease (such as small ventricular septal defect), five of whom had normal follow-up fetal evaluation and five of whom had normal postnatal evaluation. Most of these pregnancies did not have a postnatal cardiac evaluation. Forty-seven fetuses had benign cardiac findings. Nearly one third of patients had imaging that was felt to be limited or incomplete, mostly due to poor acoustic windows. Forty-eight patients were asked to return for at least one follow-up visit, most due to the inability to complete the exam at the initial visit. CONCLUSIONS: In an environment with access to high-volume, skilled comprehensive ultrasound services, fetal echocardiography by a pediatric cardiology program adds little to the care of women with diabetes and no suspected heart disease on a detailed anatomic survey. Poor acoustic windows frequently necessitate multiple visits.
Complex congenital heart defects in association with maternal diabetes and partial deletion of the A2BP1 gene; Background: Various types of congenital heart defects were reported in association with maternal diabetes, most commonly as single defects. At least in animal models, maternal diabetes induces congenital heart defects by altering the expression of several genes involved in cardiovascular development. Mutations or abnormal expression of the A2BP1 gene (FOX-1 gene) in chromosomal region 16p 13.2 have been previously described in patients with epilepsy, mental retardation, and autism and have not been found in association with congenital heart defects. Design: We report a case of complex congenital heart disease in a term female infant with maternal diabetes who eventually died of sepsis and post surgical complications at 20 days of age. Tissue from the autopsy was processed for regular cytogenetics, microarray-based comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH) and polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Results: The autopsy revealed micrognathia, scoliosis, hemivertebrae, unilateral left renal agenesis and dextrocardia with cardiomegally. The complex heart findings included a single common atrium, a single ventricle and atrioventricular valve, atresia of the pulmonic valve and ascending pulmonary artery, and total anomalous pulmonary venous drainage. The infant had normal female chromosomal karyotype. Microarray aCGH and PCR revealed a partial 162 Kb interstitial deletion within chromosomal region 16pl3.2 that was mapped to the A2Bpl gene. Conclusion: This is the first description of A2BP1 gene deletion in association with complex congenital heart anomalies. Analysis of this case and review of the literature demonstrate the teratogenic effect of maternal diabetes on the developing fetal heart, also resulting in dysregulated gene expression. Our observation emphasizes the importance of aCGH in scanning the human genome in neonates borm with congenital anomalies.
CMV elimination in digeorge syndrome following matched related stem cell transplant; RATIONALE: CMV infection in complete DiGeorge Syndrome (DGS) patients has been associated with mortality prior and post thymus transplantation. We report an infant with complete DGS and CMV viremia controlled with antiviral therapy and with elimination of CMV viremia following bone marrow transplantation (BMT). METHODS: Retrospective chart review. RESULTS: Patient was a term male infant born to a type II diabetic mother. He had multiple dysmorphic features (low-set ears, micrognathia, and high-arched palate) and congenital heart disease requiring surgical correction. Other findings included absent thymus, right kidney agenesis, butterfly vertebrae, and hypocalcemia. He had a normal 46, XY karyotype without DGS-associated deletions. Initial evaluation revealed virtual absence of T cell markers (CD3+: 16 cells/mm3, CD4+CD45 RA+: 4 cells/ mm3) and absent phytohemagglutanin lymphoproliferative response. CMV viral load detected by PCR was over 4 million copies/mL at 6 weeks of age. Treatment included dual intravenous antivirals (Ganciclovir 10mg/ kg/day and Foscarnet 180mg/kg/day) followed by Ganciclovir therapy alone. No resistant mutations developed. Prior to transplant, CMV viremia was 500 copies/mL. Due to unavailability of thymus transplant, at 4 months of age, he received unmanipulated BMT from his HLA-identical brother without pre-transplant conditioning. He did not develop graft versus host disease (GVHD). Six months postBMT, his immune function continues to improve (CD3+: 3,620 cells/mm3). CMV viremia is undetectable, off antiviral therapy. CONCLUSIONS: CMV infection in immune deficient patients can be treated with combination antiviral treatment and resistance monitoring. The presence ofCMVinfection should not preclude immune reconstitution in patients with DGS.
Digeorge anomaly, an elusive 'fish' to 'catch': A case report; Case Report: A complete DiGeorge anomaly (DGA) consists of a constellation of congenital cardiac defects, dysmorphic facies, hypocalcemia and immunodeficiency. A term male neonate, with unremarkable family history, was born via normal vaginal delivery. There was no history of maternal diabetes or teratogenic exposure. Examination showed dysmorphic facies with low set ears, micrognathia, epicanthic folds, broad nasal bridge, choanal stenosis and right sided facial palsy. Cardiac auscultation revealed a 3/6 holosystolic murmur heard along the left sternal border. Echocardiogram showed double outlet right ventricle, large ventricular septal defect and a large patent ductus arteriosus. He developed hypocalcemic seizures and was initiated on calcium, magnesium and vitamin D supplementation. Serum parathormone level was low. Patient underwent pulmonary artery banding and ductal ligation on Day 7 of life. Thymus and parathyroid glands were noted to be absent during surgery. Flow cytometry showed T-cell lymphopenia. Fluorescence in-situ hybridization (FISH) studies for chromosome 22q11 and 10p14 microdeletions were normal. Oligonucleotide comparative genomic hybridization showed no diagnostic copy number changes. We can only hypothesize the etiogenesis in our case. DGA is a dysembryonic field defect involving the third and fourth pharyngeal pouches and is attributed to genetic or environmental perturbation in neural crest migration. It has markedly variable penetrance and expressivity. 22q11.2 microdeletion at is seen in around 90% cases. It is a 3-Mb region comprising of at least 30 genes. Other chromosomes have also been implicated. Maternal diabetes, retinoic acid and fetal alcohol embryopathy can also result in a similar syndrome. None of the investigated genes has been shown unequivocally to explain the phenotype completely. The expression of these genes, in turn is dynamically regulated by modifiers which are located at a distance. We speculate that in FISH-negative patients, DGA phenotype can result from an aberration or mutation of any of these diverse genes or their modifiers. Unraveling this complex cardiac embryogenesis will have implications in management and genetic counseling.
Diabetes; In 2009 a novel screening strategy for diabetes based on the level of glycated hemoglobin has been proposed by the main international organizations, with a diagnostic threshold of 6,5%. The preventive efficacy of multiple risk factor control in type 2 diabetes reflected by the low rate of cardiac events in the DIAD 2 study calls for a revision of the current recommendations for coronary disease screening. In gestational diabetes, the linear correlation between degree of hyperglycemia and risk of associated complications in the HAPO study strenghtens the therapeutic targets for this frequent condition, which identifies women at high future risk of diabetes. No conclusive evidence for an increased risk of cancer associated with insulin glargin remains when taking into account all the data currently available on this topic.
Gestational Diabetes Mellitus: An Opportunity to Prevent Type 2 Diabetes and Cardiovascular Disease in Young Women; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
"Does Periodontal Therapy Reduce the Risk for Systemic Diseases?"; Periodontal disease is treated by various approaches, including simple oral hygiene practices, professional mechanical debridement, antimicrobial therapy and periodontal surgery. There is evidence to associate periodontal disease with several systemic diseases and conditions, including myocardial infarction, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. This article reviews the published literature that describes the effects of periodontal treatment on cardiovascular diseases, adverse pregnancy outcomes, diabetes mellitus, and respiratory disease. While some progress has been made, further research is required to understand the value of periodontal interventions in the prevention of systemic diseases. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In response to oxidative stress, the expression of inflammatory cytokines and antioxidant enzymes are impaired in placenta, but not adipose tissue, of women with gestational diabetes; In response to oxidative stress, gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) placenta releases less 8-isoprostane and tumour necrosis factor (TNF) α. The effect of oxidative stress on other cytokines and antioxidant gene expressions are unknown. The aim of this study is to further explore the antioxidant status and effect of oxidative stress in GDM tissue. Human placenta, omental and subcutaneous adipose tissue from women with and without GDM were exposed to hypoxanthine (HX)/xanthine oxidase (XO). Cytokine release was analysed by ELISA and cytokine and antioxidant gene expression by RT-PCR. Catalase (CAT ) and glutathione reductase (GSR) mRNA expression was higher in GDM (n=18) compared with normal (n=23) placenta. There was no difference in glutathione peroxidase and superoxide dismutase mRNA expression. Antioxidant gene expression was unaltered between normal (n=18) and GDM (n=10) adipose tissue. HX/XO treatment significantly stimulated cytokine release (13/16 cytokines) and cytokine mRNA expression, and decreased antioxidant gene expression (CAT and GSR) in human placenta from normal pregnant women. In GDM placenta, HX/XO only significantly increased the release of 3/16 cytokines, while there was no effect on antioxidant gene expression. In normal and GDM adipose tissues, HX/XO increased proinflammatory cytokine and 8-isoprostane release, while there was no change in antioxidant gene expression. GDM placenta is characterised by increased antioxidant gene expression, and is less responsive to exogenous oxidative stress than tissues obtained from normal pregnant women. This may represent a protective or adaptive mechanism to prevent damage from further oxidative insult in utero as indicated by increased tissue antioxidant expression. © 2010 Society for Endocrinology.
Congenital heart disease in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus: An international clinical collaboration, literature review, and meta-analysis; Purpose: Investigation of the incidence and distribution of congenital structural cardiac malformations among the offspring of mothers with diabetes type 1 and of the influence of periconceptional glycemic control. Methods: Multicenter retrospective clinical study, literature review, and meta-analysis. The incidence and pattern of congenital heart disease in the own study population and in the literature on the offspring of type 1 diabetic mothers were compared with the incidence and spectrum of the various cardiovascular defects in the offspring of nondiabetic mothers as registered by EUROCAT Northern Netherlands. Medical records were, in addition, reviewed for HbA 1c during the 1st trimester. Results: The distribution of congenital heart anomalies in the own diabetic study population was in accordance with the distribution encountered in the literature. This distribution differed considerably from that in the nondiabetic population. Approximately half the cardiovascular defects were conotruncal anomalies. The authors' study demonstrated a remarkable increase in the likelihood of visceral heterotaxia and variants of single ventricle among these patients. As expected, elevated HbA1c values during the 1st trimester were associated with offspring fetal cardiovascular defects. Conclusion: This study shows an increased likelihood of specific heart anomalies, namely transposition of the great arteries, persistent truncus arteriosus, visceral heterotaxia and single ventricle, among offspring of diabetic mothers. This suggests a profound teratogenic effect at a very early stage in cardiogenesis. The study emphasizes the frequency with which the offspring of diabetes-complicated pregnancies suffer from complex forms of congenital heart disease. Pregnancies with poor 1st-trimester glycemic control are more prone to the presence of fetal heart disease. © 2010 Urban and Vogel.
Following in mother's footsteps? Mother-daughter risks for insulin resistance and cardiovascular disease 15 years after gestational diabetes; Aims: To determine effects on mothers and daughters of gestational diabetes mellitus/gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GDM/GIGT) on their future metabolic and cardiovascular risks. Methods: Case mothers who had GDM/GIGT in pregnancy (cases; n = 90) and normoglycaemic control women (n = 99) and their daughters underwent lifestyle assessment and metabolic tests 15-years post-partum. Results: Prevalence of glucose intolerance (GI) in daughters was 1.1%. Maternal prevalence was 44.4% in cases compared to 13.1% in controls, with conversion best predicted by weight gain. Case daughters had higher insulin resistance (IR) and greater waist circumference (WC) (51.2%) relative to control daughters (36.4%, p < 0.05) made worse if case mothers became GI at follow-up (65%) (relative risk =1.8; 95% confidence interval 1.2-2.9). In multivariable linear regression analyses adjusting for daughters' birthweight, maternal obesity (> 30.0 kg/m2) at 15years and mothers' case-control status were strong predictors of daughters' WC (p < 0.01; P < 0.01, respectively). For daughters' body mass index (BMI) percentile and percentage of body fat, maternal obesity was a stronger predictor (p < 0.01; p < 0.001)) than mothers' case-control status (p < 0.01; P = 0.09). Conclusions: GDM/GIGT pregnancies led to increased conversion to GI in mothers, minimal in daughters. Case daughters have increased risk of central adiposity and insulin resistance, whereas maternal obesity strongly predicted daughters' BMI percentile and per cent of body fat. Controlling hyperglycaemia in pregnancy and family weight management may provide the key to preventing offspring obesity and glucose intolerance post GDM/GIGT. © 2010 The Authors.
Visfatin/PBEF and atherosclerosis-related diseases; Visfatin is highly expressed in adipose tissue (mainly by the stromal cells), but it is also ubiquitously present in most tissues. Visfatin, which plays a role in nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) biosynthesis, has been implicated in inflammatory states. Controversial results exist about the expression, circulating levels and the role of visfatin in atherosclerosis- related diseases. Most studies showed increased levels of visfatin in diabetes mellitus, obesity, hypertension, renal and cardiovascular disease. However, other studies reported lower levels of visfatin in these diseases. The discrepancies in clinical studies may be attributed to the multifactorial regulation of visfatin. There is evidence that visfatin expression and circulating levels are influenced by fat area and distribution, inflammatory state, renal function, iron metabolism, hormones as well as several other factors. Furthermore, discrepancies and lack of correlation between commercially available visfatin assays have been reported. More research is needed to better understand the factors that control its synthesis/release and to evaluate the role of visfatin in atherosclerosis-related disease. Large studies with homogeneous populations will probably be needed to answer these questions. Whether visfatin will eventually become a therapeutic target remains to be established. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Diabetes in females: Knowledge, attitude and practices; Objectives: To assess the practices, attitude and knowledge of female patients with Diabetes Mellitus (DM) regarding their disease. Materials and Methods: This descriptive study, involving 100 female patients with Type II DM, was carried out at a General Practitioner clinic at the outskirts of Peshawar, from June to August 2007. All patients were asked a specific set of questions using a questionnaire. Results: Based on age, patients were divided in to Group A (>13-40 years) with 28 (28%) patients, group B (>40-60 years) with 66 (66%) and group C (>60 years) with 6 (6%) patients. Only 6 (6%) patients had received education up to or above middle standard examination. Sulfonylureas were used in 77 (77%) patients. Patients who purely consulted doctors for treatment were 80 (80%) and those who took homeopathic and hakimi medicines were 19 (19%). Diabetic diet was advised to 90 (90%) patients, exercise to 60 (60%) and hypoglycemic agents were prescribed to 95 (95%) patients. Though 93% patients said that they were observing diabetic diet and were compliant with hypoglycemic agents but results of glycemic control showed otherwise; fasting blood glucose was > 126 mg/dl in 86 (86%) patients. Eighty-nine (89%) patients had some knowledge regarding hypoglycemia, 69 (69%) patients were checking monthly blood and urine glucose. HbA1C levels were not done by 99 (99%) patients, 94 (94%) had never had their urine checked for albumin, 67(67%) had not measured their blood for cholesterol and 99 (99%) had not checked their HBV and HCV status. Ninety two (92%) patients had felt a disturbance in their social life with the onset of DM. Eighty-two (82%) patients had some complication of diabetes. Of these, hypertension and weight loss were the most common (31% each). Ninety nine percent patients did not turn up for regular follow up of blood pressure levels and 73% patients did not have regular check on their blood glucose levels. Conclusion: Diabetes is uncontrolled in majority of the patients leading to complications due to lack of self motivation, self learning and appropriate follow up.
Gestational diabetes mellitus: an opportunity to prevent type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women.; In women with previous gestational diabetes (pGDM), the risk of developing Type 2 diabetes is greatly increased, to the point that GDM represents an early stage in the natural history of Type 2 diabetes. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with pGDM exhibit an increased cardiovascular risk profile and an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease. This paper will review current knowledge on the metabolic modifications that occur in normal pregnancy, underlining the mechanism responsible for GDM, the link between these alterations and the associated long-term maternal complications. In women with pGDM, accurate follow-up and prevention strategies (e.g., weight control and regular physical exercise) are needed to reduce the subsequent development of overt diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease. Therefore, our paper will provide arguments in favor of performing follow-up programs aimed at modifying risk factors involved in the pathogenesis of Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
A European evidence-based guideline for the prevention of type 2 diabetes; Background: The prevalence and socioeconomic burden of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) and associated co-morbidities are rising worldwide. Aims: This guideline provides evidence-based recommendations for preventing T2DM. Methods: A European multidisciplinary consortium systematically reviewed the evidence on the effectiveness of screening and interventions for T2DM prevention using SIGN criteria. Results: Obesity and sedentary lifestyle are the main modifiable risk factors. Age and ethnicity are non-modifiable risk factors. Case-finding should follow a step-wise procedure using risk questionnaires and oral glucose tolerance testing. Persons with impaired glucose tolerance and/or fasting glucose are at high-risk and should be prioritized for intensive intervention. Interventions supporting lifestyle changes delay the onset of T2DM in high-risk adults (number-needed-to-treat: 6.4 over 1.84.6 years). These should be supported by inter-sectoral strategies that create health promoting environments. Sustained body weight reduction by 5% lowers risk. Currently metformin, acarbose and orlistat can be considered as second-line prevention options. The population approach should use organized measures to raise awareness and change lifestyle with specific approaches for adolescents, minorities and disadvantaged people. Interventions promoting lifestyle changes are more effective if they target both diet and physical activity, mobilize social support, involve the planned use of established behaviour change techniques, and provide frequent contacts. Cost-effectiveness analysis should take a societal perspective. Conclusions: Prevention using lifestyle modifications in high-risk individuals is cost-effective and should be embedded in evaluated models of care. Effective prevention plans are predicated upon sustained government initiatives comprising advocacy, community support, fiscal and legislative changes, private sector engagement and continuous media communication. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart - New York.
Clinical and ultrasound work-up and follow-up of preeclampsia; Hypertensive disorders are frequent during pregnancy and are related with an important morbidity and mortality worldwide. In this review we aim to provide the reader with a comprehensive overview of the clinical aspects of and the diagnostic tools used in the primary assessment and the (long term) follow-up of preeclampsia. The focus in this review will lay on the clinical follow-up of both the mother and the fetus aiming at the prevention of severe maternal complications as well as preventing growth restriction and prematurity in the child.
White's classification of diabetes in pregnancy in the 21st century: Is it still valid?; White's classification system (WCS) was created 60 years ago to identify diabetic (DM) pregnancies at increased risk for perinatal morbidity and mortality. Our objective was to assess the association between WCS and adverse pregnancy outcome (APO) in contemporary DM pregnancies. We studied diabetic women with singleton pregnancies who delivered at >20 weeks at a single institution over a 1-year period (2007 to 2008). Perinatal outcomes were compared between WCS groups. APO was defined as any of the following: preterm birth <34 weeks, severe preeclampsia, shoulder dystocia, and neonatal respiratory disease. Presence of vascular disease was defined as presence of chronic hypertension, chronic renal insufficiency, retinopathy, coronary artery disease, or prior cerebrovascular event. One hundred ninety-six DM pregnancies met the criteria. No significant differences in APO existed between White's class groups among women with pregestational DM (32.7% class B versus 26.9% class C versus 57.1% class D to F; p=0.46). Logistic regression revealed that vascular disease was associated with APO (odds ratio=2.7, 95% confidence interval=1.2 to 6.2). In our population, presence of vascular disease, rather than WCS, was a better predictor of APO in DM women. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Feeding problems in children with neonatal arterial ischemic stroke; Feeding disorders and the association of neonatal feeding disorders with other outcomes were assessed in a cohort of 84 children with neonatal arterial ischemic stroke at a tertiary childrens hospital. Both ‡2 tests and Fishers exact test were used to test associations. Forty-one of 84 children (48.8%) had feeding difficulties. Infarcted vascular territory (unilateral vs bilateral, P =.24) and neonatal seizures (P =.39) were not associated with feeding problems. Children with at least 1 perinatal comorbidity (P =.002, odds ratio = 4.27; 95% confidence interval: 1.65-11.03) and specifically respiratory problems (P =.004, odds ratio = 3.85; 95% confidence interval: 1.49-9.93) were significantly more likely to have feeding problems. Neonatal feeding problems were predictive of feeding problems at 12 to 24 months of age (P =.026, odds ratio = 3.33; 95% confidence interval: 1.12-9.90) but did not predict speech delay (P =.97) or cerebral palsy (P =.70). Feeding problems are important sequelae of neonatal stroke, but neonatal feeding problems in this group do not predict speech delay or cerebral palsy. © The Author(s) 2010.
Chorangioma and related vascular lesions of the placenta a review; Chorangioma has been referred to as a hamartoma-like, or a hyperplastic capillary lesion, rather than a true neoplasm. Its incidence is 1 in 100 placentas. In chorangiomas larger than 4 cm, there can be significant effects on the hemodynamic and circulatory processes of the fetus, leading to grave clinical consequences, such as polyhydramnios and fetal heart failure. Chorangiomas can show various histopathologic pictures, ranging from vascular to cellular, and can undergo degenerative changes. They can be diagnosed prenatally by ultrasound, color Doppler imaging, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Chorangioma must be differentiated from other villous capillary lesions, namely, chorangiomatosis and chorangiosis. They have overlapping similarities with chorangioma, and have clinical implications. Chorangiomatosis has been associated with negative fetal outcomes such as intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR) and preeclampsia. Chorangiosis is associated with maternal diabetes mellitus. Another rarer differential is chorangioma with trophoblast proliferation ("chorangiocarcinoma," a probable misnomer), a rare proliferation of trophoblastic tissue seen in the vicinity of otherwise benign chorangioma. Treatment modalities of chorangioma include endoscopic devascularization, alcoholic ablation, and interstitial laser coagulation. In this article, we will review the clinical and pathologic picture of chorangioma as well as treatment, and discuss its main differentials. Copyright © 2010 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
A fetal dilated and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal gestational diabetes - A case report; There is an increased risk of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and congenital heart defects among newborns of diabetic mothers. We report a case of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy preceded with dilated cardiomyopathy in a fetus of a diabetic mother. The fetal echocardiography at the 23rd week of gestation revealed signs of dilated cardiomyopathy with signs of cardiac failure. Under the echocardiographic monitoring the successful treatment was performed. In spite of poor prognosis, the child was born at the 39th gestation week in a good condition.
Persistent organic pollutants, mitochondrial dysfunction, and metabolic syndrome; The number of individuals with metabolic syndrome is increasing worldwide, constituting a major social problem in many countries. Recently, epidemiological and experimental studies have associated insulin resistance or type 2 diabetes with elevated body burdens of persistent organic pollutants (POPs). It has been proposed that mitochondrial dysfunction plays a key role in this association. Mitochondrial DNA abnormalities are known to cause pancreas beta cell damage, insulin resistance, and diabetes mellitus. Recently, much evidence has emerged showing that environmental toxins, including POPs, affect mitochondrial function and subsequently induce insulin resistance. In this review, we present a novel concept in which metabolic syndrome is the result of mitochondrial dysfunction, which in turn is caused by exposure to POPs. The potential mechanism including POPs for mitochondrial dysfunction on metabolic syndrome is also discussed. We propose that the mitochondrial paradigm for the etiology of metabolic syndrome will facilitate the prevention and treatment of this major health problem. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
The graded relationship between glucose tolerance status in pregnancy and postpartum levels of low-density-lipoprotein cholesterol and apolipoprotein B in young women: Implications for future cardiovascular risk; Context and Objective: Both gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT) identify women at risk of future cardiovascular disease, although the mediators of this risk are unknown. Because lipid factors can contribute to cardiovascular risk, we sought to characterize the relationship between gestational glucose tolerance status and lipid profile in pregnancy and the postpartum. Design, Setting, and Participants: Fasting lipids were measured in 482 women in pregnancy and at 3 months postpartum. Antepartum glucose challenge test (GCT) and oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) defined four gestational glucose tolerance groups: GDM (n = 136), GIGT (n = 89), abnormal GCT with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) on OGTT (abnormal GCT NGT) (n = 170), and normal GCT with NGT on OGTT (normal GCT NGT) (n = 87). Results: In pregnancy, there were no significant differences between the groups in total and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, total cholesterol to high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol ratio, apolipoprotein B (apoB), apolipoprotein A1 (apoA1), and apoB to apoA1 ratio. At 3 months postpartum, however, each of the following lipid parameters progressively increased from normal GCT NGT to abnormal GCT NGT to GIGT to GDM: total cholesterol (P = 0.0047), LDL (P = 0.0002), triglycerides (P = 0.0002), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (P < 0.0001), apoB (P = 0.0003), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (P = 0.0014). Furthermore, on multiple linear regression analyses, GDM emerged as an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol (t = 3.09, P = 0.0021), LDL (t = 3.81, P = 0.0002), triglycerides (t = 3.38, P = 0.0008), total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 3.76, P = 0.0002), apoB (t = 4.12, P < 0.0001), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 3.07, P = 0.0023). GIGT was an independent predictor of postpartum total cholesterol to HDL ratio (t = 2.27, P = 0.0239), apoB (t = 2.04, P = 0.0416), and apoB to apoA1 ratio (t = 1.97, P = 0.049). Conclusions: Compared with their peers, women with GDM and GIGT have a more atherogenic lipid profile by 3 months postpartum, characterized by increased LDL and apoB. Copyright © 2010 by The Endocrine Society.
The impact of insulin resistance on woman's health and potential treatment options; Insulin resistance (IR) is causatively related to metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, both of which increase the risk of adverse cardiovascular events; in women in particular, severe IR affects the reproductive system causing subfertility and health problems to the mother and the fetus. To date lifestyle modification is the mainstay of treatment, whereas antiobesity drugs and bariatric surgery have been shown to improve insulin sensitivity and many surrogate metabolic defects, real reduction in cardiovascular endpoints has yet to be proved. Increasing attention is being directed to the role of the central nervous system in the modulation of IR, as well as to the use of recombinant adipocytokines for IR management. The scope of this article is to cast light on the detrimental effects of IR on metabolism and the body systems in women as well as to highlight the current therapeutic approach, drugs in progress, and future therapeutic perspectives. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
Hormonal contraception in obesity, the metabolic syndrome, and diabetes; The rate of obesity worldwide is currently at epidemic proportions. As part of obesity, the metabolic syndrome describes a clustering of metabolic abnormalities that increase the cardiovascular and diabetes risk. In particular, women from developing countries have diabetes in the reproductive age resulting in more pregnancies where both the mother and the fetus are at high risk. Consequently, use of safe and effective contraceptive methods is of paramount importance. Paradoxically, both obese and diabetic women are less likely to use contraception as compared to women of normal weight. Modern types of hormonal contraceptives are safe and provide important noncontraceptive benefits. The impact of obesity on drug pharmacokinetics may result in lower blood levels of steroid contraceptives that reduce their ability to prevent pregnancy, but the actual change is probably minimal. In women with uncomplicated diabetes, hormonal contraception should therefore be part of the highly needed preconception care and metabolic control. © 2010 New York Academy of Sciences.
Spondylocostal dysplasia in a neonate -An unusual association with maternal diabetes; A female neonate who was born as large for gestational age baby to a Diabetic mother had a continuous murmur in the left infraclavicular area with scolisis toward right and deficient ribs in the right side of her chest wall. She had a sacral dimple and a skin tag in the right lower back. Radiograph revealed hemivertebrae from T1-T6 level with absent third and seventh ribs and fused fourth, fifth and sixth ribs on the right side and a bifid right eigth rib. Echocardiogram revealed patent ductus arteriosus (PDA). Based on the above features she was diagnosed to have spondylocostal dysplasia. She was asymptomatic at the time of discharge.
Pregnancy outcomes among women with panic disorder - Do panic attacks during pregnancy matter?; Purpose: To assess the risks that maternal panic disorder (PD) during pregnancy contribute to adverse pregnancy outcomes, with the effects further specifically differentiated into mothers who experienced a panic attack during pregnancy and those who did not. Method: This study linked two nationwide population-based datasets: the birth certificate registry and the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Dataset. We identified a total of 371 women who gave birth from 2001 to 2003, who had been diagnosed with PD within 2 years prior to the index delivery, together with 1585 matched women without this chronic disease as a comparison cohort. Multivariate logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate odds ratios. Results: Results indicated that compared to women without chronic disease, PD mothers who experienced panic manifestations during pregnancy and those who did not were independently associated with respective 2.29- (95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.14-4.60) and 1.45-fold (95% CI = 1.03-2.04) increased risks of having small-for-gestational-age infants. Further, for PD mothers who experienced a panic attack during gestation, the adjusted odds ratio for having a preterm delivery was 2.54 (95% CI = 1.09-5.93), whereas no significant difference was identified between PD women who did not have a panic attack during pregnancy and women without PD. Limitation: Our study was unable to investigate the effects of such risk factors as dietary habits, cigarette smoking, and alcohol use in the regression model. Conclusion: We conclude that prenatal PD, particularly the occurrence of panic attacks during pregnancy, was associated with adverse birth outcomes. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Endothelial Progenitor Cells: Their Potential in the Placental Vasculature and Related Complications; Endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) have received significant attention in recent times. A role for EPCs has been suggested in a range of pathologies and some recent studies of EPCs in pregnancy have been published. This review provides a guide to the confusing field of EPCs. Attention is paid to their phenotyping, as although elementary this remains a highly debated topic. The current understanding of different subtypes and physiological role of EPCs in the placenta, fetus and adult are also considered. An overview is given as to role of EPC's in the pathophysiology of different disease states and the possible therapeutic and diagnostic applications expected from EPC-related research in obstetrics. Crown Copyright © 2009.
The Kathmandu Declaration: "Life Circle" approach to prevention and care of diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To formulate strategies and action plans for the prevention and care of diabetes mellitus as part of the implementation of the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) United Nations Resolution (UNR) 61/225 through a unique concept of a "Life Circle" approach. Method: Consensus following review of evidence available and presented at a meeting convened to achieve the objective co-chaired by the IDF President and President elect and diabetologists from several countries in the IDF regions. Conclusions: The Kathmandu Declaration presents the concept of a "Life Circle" approach to prevention and care of diabetes-a continuum beginning from preconception, pregnancy, infancy and childhood to adult life in an integrated manner. Emphasis is on the benefits on entering the circle at any point and formulates guidelines that could be incorporated in any national diabetes prevention and care programme, indicating the interactive role of all known aetiological factors. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Anxiety, depression and saliva cortisol in women with a medical disorder during pregnancy; Anxiety and depression during pregnancy increase the risk for an adverse pregnancy outcome and neurodevelopmental problems in the child. The aim of this study was to investigate anxiety and depression in women with a medical disorder of pregnancy compared with control antenatal women, and any association with saliva cortisol. One hundred and twenty pregnant women (60 with a known medical disorder and 60 without, mean gestation 32 weeks) completed five self-rating questionnaires (Spielberger State and Trait Anxiety, Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS), the Adult Wellbeing Scale and a Life Events Questionnaire). Diurnal saliva samples were obtained from 39 women with a medical disorder and 50 controls for cortisol analysis. The medical disorders group were significantly more anxious and depressed than the controls (mean (SD)) state anxiety 40.0 (11.5) vs. 31.6 (8.8), p=0.00; trait anxiety 39.4 (9.5) vs. 35.2 (9.2), p=0.02; adult wellbeing 15.9 (7.5) vs. 12.3 (7.5) p=0.01; and EPDS 9.6 (5.4) vs. 5.9 (4.8), p=0.00). There was no difference in the life events scores between the groups. The subgroup of women suffering from hyperemesis gravidarum had particularly high EPDS scores, (16.2 (3), n=5, p=0.00) compared with controls. There were no significant differences in the cortisol levels between the groups. Some women with a medical disorder during pregnancy showed considerably elevated levels of anxiety and depression. Health professionals need to be aware that these women need extra psychological support. © 2010 Springer-Verlag.
Obesity in Pregnancy; Objective: To review the evidence and provide recommendations for the counselling and management of obese parturients. Outcomes: Outcomes evaluated include the impact of maternal obesity on the provision of antenatal and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Evidence: Literature was retrieved through searches of Statistics Canada, Medline, and The Cochrane Library on the impact of obesity in pregnancy on antepartum and intrapartum care, maternal morbidity and mortality, obstetrical anaesthesia, and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Results were restricted to systematic reviews, randomized controlled trials/controlled clinical trials, and observational studies. There were no date or language restrictions. Searches were updated on a regular basis and incorporated in the guideline to April 2009. Grey (unpublished) literature was identified through searching the websites of health technology assessment and health technology assessment-related agencies, clinical practice guideline collections, clinical trial registries, and national and international medical specialty societies. Values: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal Fetal Medicine and Clinical Practice Obstetric Committees of the SOGC under the leadership of the principal authors, and recommendations were made according to guidelines developed by the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. Benefits, Harms, and Costs: Implementation of the recommendations in this guideline should increase recognition of the issues clinicians need to be aware of when managing obese women in pregnancy, improve communication and consultation amongst the obstetrical care team, and encourage federal and provincial agencies to educate Canadians about the values of entering pregnancy with as healthy a weight as possible. Recommendations: 1. Periodic health examinations and other appointments for gynaecologic care prior to pregnancy offer ideal opportunities to raise the issue of weight loss before conception. Women should be encouraged to enter pregnancy with a BMI < 30 kg/m2, and ideally < 25 kg/m2. (III-B)2. BMI should be calculated from pre-pregnancy height and weight. Those with a pre-pregnancy BMI > 30 kg/m2 are considered obese. This information can be helpful in counselling women about pregnancy risks associated with obesity. (II-2B)3. Obese pregnant women should receive counselling about weight gain, nutrition, and food choices. (II-2B). 4. Obese women should be advised that they are at risk for medical complications such as cardiac disease, pulmonary disease, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes, and obstructive sleep apnea. Regular exercise during pregnancy may help to reduce some of these risks. (II-2B). 5. Obese women should be advised that their fetus is at an increased risk of congenital abnormalities, and appropriate screening should be done. (II-2B). 6. Obstetric care providers should take BMI into consideration when arranging for fetal anatomic assessment in the second trimester. Anatomic assessment at 20 to 22 weeks may be a better choice for the obese pregnant patient. (II-2B). 7. Obese pregnant women have an increased risk of Caesarean section, and the success of vaginal birth after Caesarean section is decreased. (II-2B). 8. Antenatal consultation with an anaesthesiologist should be considered to review analgesic options and to ensure a plan is in place should a regional anaesthetic be chosen. (III-B). 9. The risk of venous thromboembolism for each obese woman should be evaluated. In some clinical situations, consideration for thromboprophylaxis should be individualized. (III-B).
Metabolic syndrome in a student population of Lima; Objectives To determine prevalence of the metabolic syndrome and components in a student population of Lima. To determine in a short stature group compared to higher stature group, the prevalence of the metabolic syndrome, differences in the components and relation with body mass index. Methodology Descriptive study. 185 students of a health institute. Inclusion Criteria: Health institute students. Exclusion Criteria: Pregnancy, Diabetes mellitus diagnosis, cardiovascular disease, High blood pressure, Stroke, Subject does not accept to participate in the study. Variables: Short Stature (males = <160 cm, females = < 150 cm), Body Mass Index (BMI),Metabolic Syndrome (MS) based on the IDF definition. Results Of the 185 student with mean Age 19,7 years, 87,6% were females. The Prevalence of Metabolic Syndrome was 4%. The mean of MS components were: Glucose 84mg%. HDL: 40,58mg% in males and y 42,3mg% in females. Triglycerides: 96.9mg%. Waist circumference: 77.8 in males and 75.71 in females. Blood pressure:101.19mmhg systolic and 66.39mmhg diastolic. BMI mean : 23.23 in males and 23.42 in females. Short stature prevalence was 27%. The MS prevalence in short and not short stature groups were 4% . Not short stature group: 49% with normal BMI (56% low HDL and 23% normal HDL) Short stature group: 68% with normal BMI (60% low HDL and 8% normal HDL). Conclusions The metabolic Syndrome prevalence in the students is low (4%). The HDL levels are low although the students are young and without cardiovascular risk factors. The prevalence of short stature is moderately high (27%). More low HDL in the short stature subjects with normal BMI, compared to higher stature subjects.
Infants of diabetic mothers with abnormal fetal growth missed by standard growth charts; Summary Diabetic pregnancies may result in fetal macrosomia when glycaemia is poorly controlled, and when associated with diabetic vasculopathy, with small for gestational age SGA neonates. Both groups of infants have high neonatal morbidity. As fetal growth depends on maternal genetic influences, ethnic group or parity, relying exclusively on population-based growth charts may wrongly categorise the growth pattern of these infants. We compared neonatal morbidity and mortality of a cohort of 214 infants of diabetic mothers IDM, identified either by population standards or by customised birth weight percentiles adjusted for maternal height, booking weight, parity, ethnic origin, gestational age at delivery and sex. A total of 68 31.8 were diagnosed with macrosomia, 11 16 of whom were identified by the customised growth method alone, and 16 were diagnosed as SGA 7.5, of whom the majority 13 or 81.2 were identified by the customised growth method alone. None had increased mortality and morbidity. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved.
Case 39-2009: A 28-year-old pregnant woman with acute cardiac failure; A 28-year-old woman was admitted to this hospital 2 days post partum because of cardiac failure. Four weeks earlier, at approximately 29 weeks' gestation, retrosternal chest discomfort developed, followed by shortness of breath, myalgias, and fatigue. Echocardiography revealed a pericardial effusion, with tamponade and biventricular hypokinesis. Despite pericardiocentesis and cesarean section at 32 weeks, her condition worsened. Radiographs obtained at this hospital showed a widened mediastinum; echocardiography revealed thickening of the pericardium and abnormal material surrounding the great vessels. A diagnostic procedure was performed. Copyright © 2009 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Third-trimester uterine rupture without previous cesarean: A case series and review of the literature; We sought to describe a case series and literature review of uterine rupture in the absence of a previous cesarean delivery. In addition to four cases in our institution, a search of the literature from 1994 to 2008 identified cases of uterine rupture unrelated to a prior cesarean. Uterine rupture in the absence of a previous cesarean may be associated with remote unrecognized uterine perforation, myomectomy, thermal injury, and obstructed labor. Such ruptures may occur before or after labor onset, at term or preterm, and with or without nonreassuring fetal heart rate patterns. Spontaneous uterine rupture is associated with highly variable and nonspecific maternal complaints and fetal status, requiring a high index of diagnostic suspicion. © 2009 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Caudal dysplasia syndrome and sirenomelia: Are they part of a spectrum; Caudal dysplasia syndrome (CDS) is associated with hypoplastic lower extremities, caudal vertebrae, sacrum, neural tube, and urogenital organs. Sirenomelia is characterized by a single lower extremity, absent sacrum, urogenital anomalies, and imperforate anus. There is controversy in the medical literature about whether sirenomelia and CDS are part of the spectrum of the same malformation. Patients with CDS and sirenomelia were identified from our pathology files from 1991 to 2006. Maternal history, pathologic examination, and radiographs were collected and tabulated. We found 9 cases with CDS and 6 with sirenomelia. Fully 7 of 9 patients with CDS (77.7) versus none of sirenomelic babies were infants of diabetic mothers. Congenital heart disease was present in 5 patients with CDS (55.5) and none of the infants with sirenomelia. Of 9 children with CDS 2 (22.2) had bilateral renal agenesis versus 66 of sirenomelics. Single umbilical artery was found in 33 of cases with CDS and 100 of children with sirenomelia. External genitalia were ambiguous in 2 of 9 patients (22.2) with CDS and in all patients with sirenomelia. Imperforate anus was found in 10 cases (66.6) divided as 4 of 9 babies with CDS (44.4) and all patients with sirenomelia. Three patients with CDS had concomitant maternal diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension. These babies also had cleft lip and palate. Congenital heart disease was found in 55.5 of cases with CDS and none of the children with sirenomelia. We conclude that although CDS and sirenomelia share many similar features, they are two different entities.
A review of the health beliefs and lifestyle behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes; Objective: To critically review and synthesize original research designed to examine the health beliefs, including risk perceptions and health behaviors related to diet and physical activity of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Data Sources: PubMed and CINAHL databases were searched for studies published in the last decade (1998-2008) that examined variables related to the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Keyword searches included health beliefs, health behaviors, perceived risk, gestational diabetes, type 2 diabetes, diet, physical activity, and postpartum. Study Selection: Eight articles, representing 6 studies, were selected that met the inclusion criteria of original research, dependent variable of health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, and measurement after pregnancy. Data Extraction: Articles were reviewed and discussed according to the concepts of risk perception and health beliefs, health behaviors related to diet and physical activity, and psychosocial factors related to women's health beliefs and behaviors. Data Synthesis: Data revealed common health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, including low risk perceptions for future type 2 diabetes mellitus and suboptimal levels of physical activity and fruit and vegetable intake. The majority of studies revealed a distinct knowledge-behavior gap among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus, whereas others revealed a lack of knowledge regarding necessary lifestyle modifications. Conclusions: Findings from this review may assist women's health researchers and clinicians in developing appropriate interventions for increasing risk awareness, promoting self-efficacy for weight loss and physical activity behaviors, and decreasing rates of diabetes and cardiovascular disease among women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Further research is necessary to identify factors that influence the health beliefs and behaviors of women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Future research should focus on populations of greater racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity, as the majority of studies have been conducted with non-Hispanic White, socioeconomically advantaged women. © 2009 AWHONN.
A summary of the agency for healthcare research and quality's evidence report on breastfeeding in developed countries; Objectives: This article summarizes the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality's evidence report on the effects of breastfeeding on term infant and maternal health outcomes in developed countries. Evidence Report Data Sources: Medline, CINAHL, Cochrane Library, bibliographies of selected reviews, and suggestions from domain experts were surveyed. Searches were limited to English-language publications. Evidence Report Review Methods: Eligible comparisons examined the association between differential exposure to breastfeeding and health outcomes. We assessed 15 infant and six maternal outcomes. For four outcomes, we also updated previously published systematic reviews. For the rest of the outcomes, we either summarized previous systematic reviews or conducted new systematic reviews; randomized and non-randomized comparative trials, prospective cohorts, and case-control studies were included. Adjusted estimates were extracted from non-experimental designs. The studies were graded for methodological quality. We did not draw conclusions from poor quality studies. Evidence Report Results: We screened over 9,000 abstracts. Thirty-two primary studies on term infant health outcomes, 43 primary studies on maternal health outcomes, and 28 systematic reviews or meta-analyses that covered approximately 400 individual studies were included in this review. A history of breastfeeding was associated with a reduction in the risk of acute otitis media, nonspecific gastroenteritis, severe lower respiratory tract infections, atopic dermatitis, asthma (young children), obesity, type 1 and 2 diabetes, childhood leukemia, and sudden infant death syndrome. There was no relationship between breastfeeding in term infants and cognitive performance. There were insufficient good quality data to address the relationship between breastfeeding and cardiovascular diseases and infant mortality. For maternal outcomes, a history of lactation was associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes, breast, and ovarian cancer. Early cessation of breastfeeding or no breastfeeding was associated with an increased risk of maternal postpartum depression. There was no relationship between a history of lactation and the risk of osteoporosis. The effect of breastfeeding in mothers on return-to-prepregnancy weight was negligible, and the effect of breastfeeding on postpartum weight loss was unclear. Evidence Report Conclusions: A history of breastfeeding is associated with a reduced risk of many diseases in infants and mothers. Future research would benefit from clearer selection criteria, definitions of breastfeeding exposure, and adjustment for potential confounders. Matched designs such as sibling analysis may provide a method to control for hereditary and household factors that are important in certain outcomes. © 2009, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Surgery in the obese pregnant patient; This study reviews issues that complicate surgery in obese pregnant patients. Maternal obesity is prevalent in the United States and is associated with numerous adverse health outcomes. When surgery is indicated during pregnancy, the presence of maternal obesity increases surgical risks for both the fetus and mother. Specific risks are identified and strategies to avoid them are evaluated. The prognosis and management of pregnant women who have undergone bariatric surgery are also discussed, and practical guidelines for obstetric management of these patients are presented. © 2009, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Glucose tolerance status in pregnancy: A window to the future risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in young women; It has long been recognized that the diagnosis of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) identifies a population of young women at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) in the future. In recent years, however, a series of studies have revealed that antepartum glucose tolerance screening, a standard element of current obstetrical care instituted for the purpose of detecting GDM, may provide previously-unrecognized insight into a woman's future risk of metabolic and vascular disease. Indeed, it has emerged that in fact any degree of abnormal glucose tolerance detected on antepartum screening (i.e. not just GDM) predicts an increased future risk of pre-diabetes and diabetes, one that is proportional to the severity of dysglycemia observed in pregnancy. In addition, in the years following the index pregnancy, women with a history of GDM exhibit an enhanced cardiovascular risk profile and ultimately an increased incidence of cardiovascular disease (CVD), risks that may similarly extend to women with milder gestational glucose intolerance as well. Thus, by providing a unique window to a woman's risk potential for future metabolic and vascular disease, glucose tolerance testing in pregnancy, as currently practiced, may offer an opportunity for the early identification of high-risk individuals prior to the onset of clinical disease. Ultimately, the insight so derived may inform strategies for postpartum surveillance, risk factor modification, and disease prevention that may eventually lead to a reduction in the burden of T2DM and CVD in women. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Pregnancy in type 2 diabetes mellitus - Problems & promises; The parallel epidemics of obesity and Type 2 diabetes (T2DM) are progressing rapidly in Australia. The high prevalence of obesity and sedentary lifestyle in the population, compounded by later child bearing, has led to an increase in the prevalence of T2DM pre-dating pregnancy. In some centers, pregnant women with T2DM now outnumber those with type 1 diabetes (T1DM). Although there is controversy as to whether T2DM is associated with worse outcomes than T1DM in pregnancy, modern reports clearly acknowledge the seriousness of this condition. There is a clear association between obesity and adverse pregnancy outcomes (cesarean section, gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, birth defects and prematurity). Aside from obesity and the metabolic syndrome, additional factors may contribute to these adverse outcomes: A lack of preconception planning, a failure to achieve tight glycaemic control early in pregnancy and socio-economic disadvantage. It's likely that obesity and diabetes have compounding effects on pregnancy outcomes. In this review, we evaluate both the underlying pathogenesis of T2DM and obesity in the pregnancy context and the adverse clinical maternal and perinatal outcomes described in pregnancies complicated by maternal T2DM and obesity. We highlight the need for a comprehensive strategy to improve clinical outcomes in these pregnancies. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
First trimester serum neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin in gestational diabetes; Aims Neutrophil gelatinase-associated lipocalin (NGAL) is highly expressed in damaged epithelia, during inflammation and cardiovascular disease. Soluble NGAL was measured in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes. Methods From a cohort of 908 pregnant outpatients who participated in a screening programme for Down's syndrome at 9-12 weeks of gestation, we considered all 41 women with a singleton pregnancy, who developed gestational diabetes in the previous 12 months, and a control group of 82 normal pregnancies. Circulating NGAL and insulin resistance by homeostasis model assessment ratio (HOMA-IR) were determined in the first trimester. Results Median serum NGAL concentrations were higher in the gestational diabetes group [51.3 ng/ml (39.8-66.1 ng/ml)] compared with the control group [17.8 ng/ml (15.5-20.9 ng/ml)] (P < 0.001) and positively correlated with HOMA-IR (P < 0.001). Conclusions In the first trimester, circulating NGAL was significantly increased in women who subsequently developed gestational diabetes compared with the control group. © 2009 Diabetes UK.
Neonatal thrombo-embolism: Risk factors, clinical features and outcome; Background: There are few data with respect to prothrombotic risk factors in neonates. Aim: To determine the associated risk factors, clinical features and outcome in newborn infants diagnosed with thrombo-embolism. Methods: Case records of 25 infants (17 full-term and eight preterm) diagnosed with thrombo-embolism between January 2005 and April 2008 in a neonatal intensive care unit were reviewed. Results: Of the 25 infants, 18 cases of venous (72%) and seven of arterial (28%) thrombo-embolism were recorded; in 18 it was associated with central catherisation. The sites of thrombosis were portal vein (15), right renal vein (one), right femoral vein (one), multiple veins (one), right femoral artery (3), right iliac artery (2), bilateral iliac and renal arteries (one) and left renal artery (one). Hereditary thrombotic mutations were detected in three patients and anticardiolipin antibody was detected in one, none of whom had been catheterised. The remaining three non-catheterised patients had perinatal risk factors. Venous catheter placement was undertaken in 12 patients (48%), eleven of whom had: umbilical venous catheterisation for exchange transfusion (9), partial exchange transfusion (one) and venous access (one), and one had femoral venous catheterisation for an angiographic study. Arterial catheterisation was undertaken in seven patients (28%) (one infant had both umbilical venous and arterial catheters) for angiographic studies (5) and blood sampling (2). Of the 18 catheterised patients (72%), thrombophilic studies were undertaken in 13 and none had abnormal results. Additional perinatal risk factors were present in 18 patients (72%) and included prematurity (8), congenital heart disease (8), septicaemia (5), dehydration (3), respiratory distress syndrome (3), polycythemia (2), meconium aspiration syndrome (one), pneumonia (one), maternal diabetes (one), necrotising enterocolitis (one) and perinatal asphyxia (one). Although most of the patients recovered after anticoagulant or fibrinolytic therapy, the five (20%) deaths were associated mainly with underlying diseases. Conclusion: The most important risk factor for thrombo-embolic events in neonates is placement of central catheters and some perinatal prothrombotic conditions. Nevertheless, hereditary or acquired thrombophilic risk factors may also be a cause of thrombo-embolism © 2009 The Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine.
What's new in paediatric dermatology?; The literature review for 2009 covers the principal themes of the speciality and brings new findings in the fields of pathophysiology, clinical features, therapeutical approaches. With regards to atopic dermatitis, we noticed new studies on potential inducing factors (breastfeeding, probiotics, food, vitamins, prematurity, Staphylococcus aureus and constipation). There are also new data on therapy using tacrolimus. With regards to vascular anomalies and especially haemangiomas, the literature comprises new data on evolution and efficacy of propranolol. With regards to congenital nevi, there are studies related to treatment and complications. With regards to warts, the literature brings news about virus transmission and therapy. With regards to genodermatosis (neurofibromatosis type I, cutis laxa, pseudoxanthoma elasticum, epidermolysis bullosa, ichtyoses and pilar diseases), we found novel facts in the fields of molecular analysis, clinical aspects, pathophysiology and quality of life. The literature in 2009 also contains studies on Lyell syndrome, Kawasaki disease, vitiligo, psoriasis, pityriasis rubra pilaris, urticaria and alopecia areata. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Metformin: An important tool for endocrinology in the West Indies. New tricks for an old drug; Against the backdrop of an obesity pandemic, comes an increasing prevalence of metabolic (e.g. type 2 diabetes mellitus) and reproductive abnormalities (e.g. polycystic ovarian syndrome) mediated by the phenomenon of insulin resistance. Metformin is an inexpensive and widely available drug which partly through an insulin sensitising action has an antidiabetic action with unique cardioprotective effects and which has value in preventing progression of pre-diabetes to diabetes. Despite mounting favourable data its role in polycystic ovarian syndrome remains unsettled. The recent finding for its safety and efficacy in gestational diabetes, however, will no doubt lift concerns over its use in women in the reproductive age group. One immediate result would be its earlier and greater therapeutic application in under-resourced environments where cost and emotional barriers to insulin exist. © 2009 The Author(s).
Antenatal diagnosis of congenital hepatic hemangioma: A case report; Hepatic tumors in children account for only 1 to 5% of all pediatric tumors. Hepatic hemangioma is, however, the third most common tumor of the liver in childhood. We report a case of an antenatal diagnosis of a hepatic tumor detected on a first obstetric ultrasound, at 26th week of gestation. It revealed a complex, predominantly solid hepatic lesion with 3 x 3 cm and a marked, essentially peripheral, Doppler blood flow. Fetal echocardiography showed a normal heart besides a vena cava displacement by the hepatic mass. Fetal Hepatic hemangioma was suspected. Follow-up ultrasounds were unchanged. Pregnancy evolved well. At 36 weeks of gestation was spontaneously delivered a 3300 g boy whose examination revealed a visible thoracoabdominal circulation and a palpable liver. No skin lesions, namely hemangiomas or petechiae were identified. Postnatal magnetic resonance imaging confirmed the diagnosis of Hepatic hemangioma. Treatment was initiated with prednisolone followed by interferon. After 2 years, there is no active lesion. © 2009 Cabrita et al.; licensee Cases Network Ltd.
Current trends in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with desire for children; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), one of the most frequent endocrine diseases, affects approximately 5%-10% of women of childbearing age and constitutes the most common cause of female sterility regardless of the need or not for treatment, a change in lifestyle is essential for the treatment to work and ovulation to be restored. Obesity is the principal reason for modifying lifestyle since its reduction improves ovulation and the capacity for pregnancy and lowers the risk of miscarriage and later complications that may occur during pregnancy (gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia, etc). When lifestyle modification is not sufficient, the first step in ovulation induction is clomiphene citrate. The second-step recommendation is either exogenous gonadotrophins or laparoscopic ovarian surgery. Recommended third-line treatment is in vitro fertilization. Metformin use in PCOS should be restricted to women with glucose intolerance. © 2009 Sastre et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
The early origins of later obesity: Pathways and mechanisms; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. In excess of a billion adults and 10% of all children are now classified as overweight or obese. The main adverse consequences of obesity are the metabolic syndrome, cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes and a diminished average life expectancy. It has been argued that the complex pathological processes underlying obesity reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals from disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal programming interactions. Abundant evidence indicates that the obesity epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with passive over-consumption of energy dense foods despite neurobiological processes designed to regulate energy balance. The difficulty in treating obesity, however, highlights the deficits in our current understanding of the pathophysiology which underlies the initiation and chronic nature of this disorder. Large population based studies in Europe and North America in healthy women and in women with gestational diabetes have demonstrated that there are clear relationships between maternal and fetal nutrient supply, fetal growth patterns and the subsequent risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in childhood and adult life. In this review we discuss the impact of fetal nutrition on the biology of the developing adipocyte and brain and the growing evidence base supporting an intergenerational cycle of obesity. © Springer Science + Business Media B.V. 2009.
A comparison of maternal and fetal complications during operative vaginal delivery using Thierry's spatulas and the vacuum extractor; Objective: To compare short-term maternal and fetal morbidities between Thierry's spatules and the vacuum extractor. Material and methods: A retrospective study of all assisted vaginal deliveries using spatules or the vacuum extractor between January 1, 2005 and December 31, 2007 in a single, university hospital maternity. Results: There were 385 deliveries with the vacuum extractor and 332 with spatulas, among a total number of 6941 deliveries. The obstetrical conditions did not differ between the two groups (indication, level or type of presentation, duration of the second stage before extraction). The rate of episiotomy was higher in the spatules than in the vacuum extractor group (80.3 % vs 54.8 %, p < 0.0001), whereas there was a lower rate of first-to-second degree perineal lacerations (18.8 % vs 35.2 %, p < 0.0001). There was no statistically significant difference in the rate of third-to-fourth degree perineal lacerations (2.1 % vs 0.7 %, respectively, p = 0.31). Neonatal outcomes did not differ significantly between the two groups (5-minute Apgar score < 7 in 0.3 % vs 1.8 %, respectively, p = 0.75). Conclusion: There were few differences in maternal and neonatal outcomes according to the type of instrument used, except for a lower episiotomy rate with vacuum extraction. © 2009.
First trimester prenatal diagnosis of decreased fetal cardiac performance correlates with hyperglycemia in pregestational maternal diabetes; OBJECTIVE: In vitro animal studies suggest that hyperglycemia impairs fetal cardiac function early in gestation. We aimed to study if evidence of first trimester myocardial dysfunction can be detected in fetuses of women with pregestational diabetes mellitus (DM). STUDY DESIGN: Women with DM underwent fetal echocardiography at 11-14 weeks' gestational age (GA). Cardiac structure was studied in a segmental approach. Cardiac preload, diastolic function, global myocardial performance and placental afterload were studied by Doppler of the ductus venosus (DV), mitral and tricuspid E/A ratios, left and right ventricular Tei index and umbilial artery (UA) respectively. DM patients were matched for GA, UA and DV Doppler with normal controls. RESULTS: After exclusion of structural cardiac anomalies 60 DM and 60 controls were studied at 12.6 weeks (11.1-13.6). UA and DV pulsatility indices (median 2.22 and 0.99) and nuchal translucency was (median 1.5 mm) were similar between cases and controls. DM patients had lower mitral E/A ratios than controls [0.55±0.08 vs 0.52±0.08, p=0.03). Left and right ventricular Tei indices were significantly higher in diabetics than in controls [0.51 ±0.08 vs 0.48 ±0.1; 0.51±0.08 vs 0.45±0.08, p<0.04 and <0.001]. This lower global myocardial performance was due to prolonged myocardial relaxation which was most marked in diabetics with a HbA1c >8. (0.001 for all parameters). No correlation between cardiac Doppler parameters and DV and UA indices were observed. CONCLUSION: We demonstrate significant differences in first trimester diastolic myocardial perfomance in fetuses of diabetic mothers compared with non-diabetic controls. In addition, among the diabetics the decrease in myocardial performance was more marked with increasing hyperglycemia, and appears independent of preload and afterload. Our ability to document these changes this early in pregnancy opens potential new avenues to monitor and modify maternal glycemic control before cardiac remodeling such as myocardial hypertrophy develops.
Could pregnancy be a risk factor for maternal cardiovascular disease?; OBJECTIVE: Pregnancy complications, such as preeclampsia and gestational diabetes can herald maternal cardiovascular disease later in life. Studies investigating the sole effect of pregnancy on later maternal vascular function are lacking. The objective of this study was to test the hypothesis that pregnancy alone is a factor that alters maternal vascular function later in life. STUDY DESIGN: Virgin CD-1 female mice were placed on a standard fat diet, and at four months of age were randomly allocated to breeder or non breeder group. The breeder group proceeded through a normal pregnancy and delivery. At ten months of age, the mice were sacrificed and the right carotid artery was used for in-vitro vascular reactivity studies (n= 4-6 per group). Concentration-response curves to contractile agents: phenylephrine (PE), thromboxane (TBX), and serotonin (5-HT), and relaxant agents: acetylcholine (Ach), sodium nitro-prusside (SNP) and isoproterenol (ISO) were obtained. Student t-test and Mann-Whitney Rank Sum tests were used for statistical analysis (significance: p<0.05). RESULTS: There were no significant differences between the breeder and non-breeder groups with respect to weight, weight of abdominal fat, percent body fat, heart weight, or abdominal fat/body weight ratio. The breeder group had increased contractility to TBX (figure) and 5-HT. The parous mice also had an impaired relaxant response to SNP and to Ach at higher concentrations (10-7 - 10 -5 ), while demonstrating a better relaxation to Ach at lower concentrations (10-9) compared with the nulliparous. There were no differences in responses to PE and ISO between the two groups. {Figure presented} CONCLUSION: Pregnancy itself has a direct and long-lasting effect on the vasculature that persists beyond the postpartum period. Together, these changes can contribute to abnormal cardiovascular function later in life.
Neonatal heart rate variability in type 1 diabetic pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: Fetuses of diabetic mothers are atincreased risk ofdeath in utero, the exact aetiology of which is unclear. It adult diabetic patients it is known that abnormalities in heart rate variability can predict mortality post myocardial infarction and development of autonomic neuropathy. We hypothesised that an alteration in fetal autonomic function may have a role in unexplained fetal death in utero. The objective of this study, therefore, is to determine if neonatal auto-nomic function differs between normal and pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: Thirty-eight patients with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes mellitus and 26 healthy controls were recruited to this prospective observational study. All patients had neonatal heart rate variability assessed using powerlab (AdiInstruments) and cord blood sampling for arterial and venous pH and glucose. RESULTS: Significant differences were found between the two cohorts. In the diabetic cohort, there was increased overall power, increased low frequency (LF), decreased high frequency (HF) with an increased LF:HF ratio, (p values 0.016, 0.016 and 0.042 respectively). These changes reflect sympathetic over activity. These differences were independent of gestational age and birthweight centile. A significant association was noted between heart rate variability and fetal acidae-mia; arterial pH correlated with LF:HF ratio (p =0.01). Maternal HbA1c in the second and third trimester correlated with neonatal heart rate (p< 0.05). There was also a significant relationship between cord glucose and neonatal heart rate variability (p= 0.019). CONCLUSION: This study shows significant evidence of autonomic dysfunction in neonates of type 1 diabetic mothers. This maybe related to the effect of prolonged fetal exposure to the hyperglycaemic milieu of diabetic pregnancy. Autonomic dysfunction may have a role in unexplained fetal death as it is influenced by acidosis and hypergly-caemia; features associated with fetal death in pregestational diabetic pregnancy.
Echocardiographic screening for maternal cardiac disease in diabetic pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To determine the utility of screening echocardiogram in patients with diabetes in pregnancy. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of women with diabetes who underwent a screening echocardiogram at UC San Diego from January 2001-December 2008. The echocardiographic screening protocol was performed on women with a history pregestational diabetes of more than 10 years duration, preexisting hypertension requiring medicationor a historyofcardiac disease. Echocardiographicfindings were correlated with years of diabetes, hemoglobin A1C, body mass index, hypertension, maternal age, cardiovascular symptoms and incidence of cardiac events. RESULTS: During the study period, 88 diabetics underwent screening during pregnancy. The mean age was 32.6±6.5 years, 56% were Latina, and mean BMI was 35±9.1. Of those screened, 26%(23/88) were type 1 diabetics, 66% (58/66) had type 2 diabetes and 8%(7/88) had gestational diabetes. 35% of patients had one or more abnormalities on echocardiogram, including increased left atrial diameter in 30% (26/88), LV diastolic dysfunction in 13% (11/88), and moderate left ventricular hypertrophy in 4.5%(4/88). No patients had severe valvular or functional echocardiographic abnormalities. One patient was diagnosed with a myocardial infarction in pregnancy with an ejection fraction of less than 50%. Obesity, years of diabetes, advanced maternal age, and poor glycemic control were not associated with abnormal echocardiographic findings. The only significant factor associated with abnormal echocardiogram was medicated hypertension, which identified 17 of 31 patients with abnormalities (p = .001); OR 5.71(2.14-15.25), adjusted OR 9.83 (2.3-41.9). CONCLUSION: Echocardiographic screening for cardiovascular disease in pregnancy based on risk factors including years of diabetes, hypertension, obesity, advanced maternal age and level of glycemic control identifies a low percentage of abnormalities. The majority of abnormalities detected were mild. Treated hypertension was the only single risk factor associated with abnormal echocardiographic findings.
Episiotomy: The final cut?; OBJECTIVE: To investigate whether episiotomy prevents 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears in critical conditions such as shoulder dystocia, instrumental deliveries, persistent occiput-posterior position, fetal macrosomia, and non-reassuring fetal heart rate (NRFHR) patterns. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study was undertaken comparing 3rd and 4th degree perineal tears during vaginal deliveries with or without episiotomy, in selected critical conditions. Multiple gestations, preterm deliveries (<37 weeks' gestation) and cesarean deliveries were excluded from the analysis. Stratified analysis (the Mantel-Haenszel technique) was used to obtain the weighted odds ratio (OR), while controlling for these variables. RESULTS: During the study period 168,077 singleton vaginal deliveries occurred. Of those 188 (0.1%) had 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears. Vaginal deliveries with episiotomy had higher rates of 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears than those without episiotomy (0.2% vs. 0.1%; P<0.001). Stratified analysis revealed that the adjusted ORs for selected critical conditions were similar to the crude ORs (Table). CONCLUSION: Mediolateral episiotomy is an independent risk factor for 3rd or 4th degree perineal tears, even in critical conditions. Prophylactic use of episiotomy in these conditions does not seem beneficial. [Table presented].
Prediction of neonatal metabolic acidosis in women with a cephalic positioned singleton term fetus; OBJECTIVE: Tests for intrapartum fetal monitoring are often interpreted in a univariable way, without taking into account other factors that may influence the - pretest - probability of an adverse outcome. Even within high-risk pregnancies, 'baseline' risks of perinatal asphyxia may vary. This study aimed to identify ante- and intrapartum clinical characteristics with a multivariable approach, which could be used to adequately predict metabolic acidosis at birth. STUDY DESIGN: We studied laboring women with ahigh-risk singleton pregnancy in cephalic position beyond 36 weeks of gestation, which were included in a multicenter clinical trial between January 2006 and July 2008. The outcome of interest was metabolic acidosis defined as an umbilical cord-artery blood pH below 7.05 combined with a base deficit calculated in blood above 12 mmol/L. We used multiple imputation techniques for missing data. We developed prediction models both before and during labor using multivariable logistic regression. To correct for overestimated regression coefficients, the models were (internally) validated by bootstrapping techniques and shrinkage. We used calibration and receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis (c-index) to assess performance of the models. RESULTS: In the trial, 119 neonates of 5667 women had metabolic acidosis (2.1%). Antepartum predictors of metabolic acidosis were gestational age, nulliparity, a previous cesarean delivery and maternal diabetes. Intrapartum predictors that increased the risk of metabolic acidosis were a spontaneous onset of labor and epidural anesthesia, whereas ruptured membranes for more than 24 hours and fever decreased this risk. Predicted probabilities ofthe extended model ranged from 0.6% to 8.2% with an acceptable calibration and a c-index of 0.63 (95% CI 0.58-0.68). CONCLUSION: In women with a high-risk cephalic positioned singleton term pregnancy, both ante- and intrapartum factors influence the pretest probability of metabolic acidosis at birth. This information should be used in the interpretation of fetal heart rate patterns.
Effect of previous history of cardiac arrhythmias on the clinical course and pregnancy outcome of women who develop arrhythmias during pregnancy; OBJECTIVE: To determine whether pregnancy course and outcomes of women diagnosed with heart rhythm abnormalities during gestation or in the immediate postpartum depends on previous history of cardiac arrhythmia. STUDY DESIGN: Retrospective cohort study of pregnant women diagnosed with cardiac arrhythmia at a tertiary care center from January 1st 2004 to December 31st 2008. Diagnosis was confirmed by Holter monitor. Tachyarrhythmias included atrial fibrillation (AF), supraventricular tachycardia (SVT), and idiopathic sinus tachycardia (HR130 bpm). Bra-dyarrhythmias were first, second and, third degree atrioventricular heart block (AVHB) as well as idiopathic sinus bradycardia (SB) (HR 50 bpm). Clinical outcomes were compared between women with and without history of arrhythmia (HOA). Student's t test and Fisher's exact test were used for statistical analysis (significance: P <0.05). RESULTS: Eighty women were included 37 (46.3%) with and 43 (53.7%) without HOA. Maternal demographic characteristics were similar between the groups. Nineteen (51.3%) women with HOA and 3 (6.9%) without HOA were diagnosed with arrhythmia in the first half of gestation (P <0.05). SVT was significantly higher in women with HOA than in those without HOA (12/37 vs 3/43; P<0.05). SB was more frequent when HOA was negative (6/43 vs 0/37; P <0.05). AF, ST, AVHB were not significantly different between the groups. Incidence of preeclampsia and gestational diabetes was similar between the groups. Birthweight and Apgar scores were also similar. Preterm delivery was two times higher in women with than in those without HOA (21.6% vs 9.3%) but the difference did not reach significance. Medical cardioversion and hospitalization were significantly more common in women with HOA (9/37 vs 1/43 and 23/37 vs 12/43, respectively; P <0.05). There were no maternal or perinatal mortality. CONCLUSION: Preexistent arrhythmia was associated with earlier onset of arrhythmias in pregnancy, higher number of clinical interventa-tions, as well as higher rate of preterm delivery.
Association of hematological parameters with insulin resistance and β-cell dysfunction in nondiabetic subjects; Objective: Previous studies reported independent associations of hematological parameters with risk of incident type 2 diabetes, although limited data are available on associations of these parameters with insulin resistance (IR) and (especially) pancreatic β-cell dysfunction in large epidemiological studies. Our objective was to evaluate the associations of hematological parameters, including hematocrit (HCT), hemoglobin (Hgb), red blood cell count (RBC), and white blood cell count with IR and β-cell dysfunction in a cohort of nondiabetic subjects at high metabolic risk. Methods: Nondiabetic subjects (n = 712) were recruited in Toronto and London, Ontario, Canada, between 2004 and 2006, based on the presence of one or more risk factors for type 2 diabetes mellitus including obesity, hypertension,afamily history of diabetes, and/orahistory of gestational diabetes. Fasting blood samples were collected and oral glucose tolerance tests administered, with additional samples for glucose and insulin drawn at 30 and 120 min. Measures of IR included the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR) and Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index, whereas measures of β-cell dysfunction included the insulinogenic index divided by HOMA-IR as well as the insulin secretion-sensitivity index-2. Associations of hematological parameters with IR and β-cell dysfunction were assessed using multiple linear regression and analysis of covariance with adjustments for age, gender, ethnicity, smoking, cardiovascular disease, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and waist circumference. Results: HOMA-IR increased across quartiles of HCT, Hgb, RBC, and white blood cell count after adjustment for age, gender, ethnicity, and smoking (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong stepwise decrease in the Matsuda's insulin sensitivity index across increasing quartiles of these hematological measures (all P (trend) <0.0001). The associations remained significant after further adjustment for previous cardiovascular disease, blood pressure, and waist circumference (all P (trend) <0.0001). Similarly, there was a strong pattern of decreasing β-cell function across increasing quartiles of all hematological patterns (all P (trend)<0.0001). The findings for HCT, Hgb, and RBC were attenuated slightly after full multivariate adjustment, although the trend across quartiles remained highly significant. Conclusion: These findings suggest that standard, clinically relevant hematological variables may be related to the underlying pathophysiological changes associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Diabetes & endocrinology: Something for everyone; This symposium addressed new developments and controversies in diabetes and endocrinology. The practical management of hyperparathyroidism, thyroid nodules, hyperprolactinaemia and diabetes and thyroid disorders in pregnancy were all discussed. In addition to these traditional areas of endocrinology, there was a focus on the role of endocrinology in 'non-endocrine' specialties, namely critical care and cardiovascular disease. We learned that manipulation of the thyroid axis or local glucocorticoids can potentially be used to treat high cholesterol, atrial fibrillation or coronary stent stenosis, and that glucose lowering with insulin reduces mortality in the critically ill. © 2009 Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh.
Programming of growth, insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in offspring of late gestation diabetic rats; ODM (offspring of diabetic mothers) have an increased risk of developing metabolic and cardiovascular dysfunction; however, few studies have focused on the susceptibility to disease in offspring of mothers developing diabetes during pregnancy. We developed an animal model of late gestation diabetic pregnancy and characterized metabolic and vascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced by streptozotocin (50 mg/kg of body weight, intraperitoneally) in pregnant rats on gestational day 13 and was partially controlled by twice-daily injections of insulin. At 2 months of age, ODM had slightly better glucose tolerance than controls (P<0.05); however, by 6 months of age this trend had reversed. A euglycaemic-hyperinsulinamic clamp revealed insulin resistance in male ODM (P<0.05). In 6-8-month-old female ODM, aortas had significantly enhanced contractility in response to KCl, ET-1 (endothelin-1) and NA (noradrenaline). No differences in responses to ET-1 and NA were apparent with co-administration of L-NNA (NG-nitro-L-arginine). Relaxation in response to ACh (acetylcholine), but not SNP (sodium nitroprusside), was significantly impaired in female ODM. In contrast, males had no between-group differences in response to vasoconstrictors, whereas relaxation to SNP and ACh was greater in ODM compared with control animals. Thus the development of diabetes during pregnancy programmes gender-specific insulin resistance and vascular dysfunction in adult offspring. © The Authors Journal compilation © 2009 Biochemical Society.
Control of the vasculature: Pharmacological targets in vascular disease; In summary, the reviews on the topics included in this issue describe the general to the specific mechanisms known on a particular membrane transport process that when altered is directly or indirectly associated with a pathology or contributes to pathological states such as tumor growth or altered fetal growth. This concept is proposed in this issue as 'transportalopathy' intending to join together the relationship between deficient (pathological) membrane transport systems and cell dysfunction. It is in fact vital to understand these and other mechanisms in detail to reach a level of knowledge where therapeutic decisions could be taken on the bases of fundamental research (i.e. basic science).
Epigenetics: New concepts of old phenomena in vascular physiology; The hypothesis of 'Developmental Origins of Health and Disease' (DOHaD) relies on the presence of mechanisms sensing and signalling a diversity of stimuli during fetal development. The mechanisms that have been broadly suggested to be involved in these processes are the epigenetic modifications that could 'record' perinatal stimuli. Since the definition of epigenetic and the associated mechanisms are conflictive, in this review epigenetic was defined as 'chromosome-based mechanisms that can change the phenotypic plasticity in a cell or organism'. The most understood epigenetic mechanisms (i.e. DNA methylation, histone post-translational modifications (PTM), ATP-dependent chromatin modifications and non-coding RNAs) and reported evidence for their role in fetal programming were briefly reviewed. The development of the vascular system is strongly influenced by epigenetic mechanisms. For that reason vascular cells are good candidates to be explored regarding epigenetic programming since its proved susceptibility to be imprinted. This has been described in pregnancy diseases such as intra-uterine growth restriction, gestational diabetes and pre-eclampsia, where changes in vascular function are preserved in vitro. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
The role of trophoblast nutrient and ion transporters in the development of pregnancy complications and adult disease; Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) and fetal overgrowth occur in 15% of all pregnancies and lead to the delivery of a baby with an abnormally low or high birth weight, respectively. Both these conditions of pathological fetal growth increase the risk for perinatal complications and predispose the baby for the development of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in childhood and later in life. Fetal growth is closely related to the capacity of the placenta to transport nutrients and ions, which is dependent of the expression and activity of specific transporter proteins in the plasma membrane of the syncytiotrophoblast, the transporting epithelium of the human placenta. In human IUGR, some trophoblast nutrient and ion transporters are down regulated, whereas fetal overgrowth is associated with an up-regulation of transporters for amino acids and glucose in the placental barrier. Experimental studies have provided evidence to suggest that these changes in placental transport capacity constitute a direct cause of altered fetal growth. Therefore, regulation of placental nutrient transporters play a critical role in determining fetal growth and development, as well as the future health of the baby. This review is focused on the human and (i) summarizes the evidence that changes in the activity and expression of trophoblast nutrient and ion transporters play a central role in determining fetal growth, (ii) discusses the molecular mechanisms regulating trophoblast transporters, and (iii) highlights the implications of these findings for the development of pregnancy complications and fetal programming of cardiovascular and metabolic disease. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Diabetes mellitus in India: The modern scourge; India has a high prevalence of diabetes mellitus and the numbers are increasing at an alarming rate. In India alone, diabetes is expected to increase from 40.6 million in 2006 to 79.4 million by 2030. Studies have shown that the prevalence of diabetes in urban Indian adults is about 12.1%, the onset of which is about a decade earlier than their western counterparts and the prevalence of Type 2 diabetes is 4-6 times higher in urban than in rural areas. The risk factors peculiar for developing diabetes among Indians include high familial aggregation, central obesity, insulin resistance and life style changes due to urbanization. Screening for gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance among pregnant women provides a scope for primary prevention of the disease in mothers as well as in their children. The problems of obesity and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (important predisposing factors) are not confined to adults alone but children are also increasingly getting affected. Most long standing macro and micro vascular complications are also more common among Indian diabetics as compared to other races and ethnic groups. A strong familial clustering of diabetic nephropathy among Indian Type 2 diabetics has also been noted. Clustering of cardiovascular risk factor like Syndrome X is common among urban Indians. The rising incidence of diabetes and its complications are going to pose a grave health care burden on our country. Timely effective interventions/measures and screening tests for complications at the time of diagnosis becomes imperative not only for early detection, but also to prevent progression to end stage disease. Screening for gestational diabetes among pregnant women would also go a long way in primary prevention of the disease. Life style changes/ interventions and drugs like rosiglitazone are the current strategies that can prevent and/or delay the onset of diabetes. Simple interventional strategies like "Eat less, Eat on time and Walk more" can go a long way in preventing these chronic disorders among present as well as in the future generations.
Intrapartum antibiotics for known maternal Group B streptococcal colonization; Background: Maternal colonization with group B streptococcus (GBS) during pregnancy increases the risk of neonatal infection by vertical transmission. Administration of intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) during labor has been associated with a reduction in early onset GBS disease (EOGBSD). However, treating all colonized women during labor exposes a large number of women and infants to possible adverse effects without benefit. Objectives: To assess the effect of IAP for maternal GBS colonization on neonatal: 1) all cause mortality and 2) morbidity from proven and probable EOGBSD, late onset GBS disease (LOD), maternal infectious outcomes and allergic reactions to antibiotics. Search strategy: We searched the Cochrane Pregnancy and Childbirth Group's Trials Register (April 2009). Selection criteria: Randomized trials assessing the impact of maternal IAP on neonatal GBS infections were included. Data collection and analysis: We independently assessed eligibility and quality of the studies. Main results: Three trials (involving 852 women) evaluating the effects of IAP versus no treatment were included. The risk of bias was high. The use of IAP did not significantly reduce the incidence of all cause mortality, mortality from GBS infection or from infections caused by bacteria other than GBS. The incidence of early GBS infection was reduced with IAP compared to no treatment (risk ratio 0.17, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.04 to 0.74, three trials, 488 infants; risk difference -0.04, 95% CI -0.07 to -0.01; number needed to treat to benefit 25, 95% CI 14 to 100, I2 0%). The incidence of LOD or sepsis from organisms other than GBS and puerperal infection was not significantly different between groups. One trial (involving 352 women) compared intrapartum ampicillin versus penicillin and reported no significant difference in neonatal or maternal outcomes. Authors' conclusions: Intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis appeared to reduce EOGBSD, but this result may well be a result of bias as we found a high risk of bias for one or more key domains in the study methodology and execution. There is lack of evidence from well designed and conducted trials to recommend IAP to reduce neonatal EOGBSD. Ideally the effectiveness of IAP to reduce neonatal GBS infections should be studied in adequately sized double-blind controlled trials. The opportunity to conduct such trials has likely been lost, as practice guidelines (albeit without good evidence) have been introduced in many jurisdictions. Copyright © 2009 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Pregnancy Complicated by Obesity: Midwifery Management; Obesity-related comorbidities such as gestational diabetes and hypertension have the potential to affect at least 25% of women in the United States. Midwives have been caring for and collaboratively managing these conditions in nonobese women for decades. Prenatal weight gain advice should be based on pregravid body mass index and aim for the lower end of the 1990 Institute of Medicine prenatal weight gain ranges. Obese women may require extra ultrasound and blood glucose testing during pregnancy. Pregnancy complicated by obesity may limit the place and style of birth. Midwives can integrate management techniques into the perinatal care of women whose body mass indices exceed 29 to reduce risk and future disease for mothers and newborns. © 2009 American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Troponin T and pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in fetuses of type 1 diabetic mothers; OBJECTIVE - Cardiomyopathy is noted in up to 40% of infants of diabetic mothers, and the exact mechanisms are unknown. The aim of this study was to determine whether fetal serum markers of cardiac function differ between normal and type 1 diabetic pregnancies and to examine the relationship between these markers and fetal cardiac structure and function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - This was a prospective observational study of 45 type 1 diabetic pregnancies and 39 normal pregnancies. All participants had concentrations of fetal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide (proBNP) and troponin-T (TnT) measured at the time of delivery. All patients with type 1 diabetes had Doppler evaluation of the umbilical artery, middle cerebral artery, and ductus venosus in the third trimester, and a subset (n = 21) had detailed fetal echocardiograms performed in each trimester. RESULTS - Fetal proBNP and TnT concentrations were higher in the diabetic cohort than in the normal cohort (P = 0.05). ProBNP correlated positively with interventricular septum thickness (P = 0.05) but not with cardiac function indexes in the third trimester. In patients with poor glycemic control, there was a significant positive correlation (P = 0.05) between fetal TnT and the third trimester umbilical artery pulsatility index. There were also increased levels of fetal TnT in infants with poor perinatal outcome (P = 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Biochemical markers of cardiac dysfunction are elevated in infants of diabetic mothers, especially those with cardiomyopathy or poor perinatal outcome. Hyperglycemia in early pregnancy may affect myocardial and placental development, thus contributing to the susceptibility to hypoxia seen in these infants. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal nutrition: Effects on health in the next generation; Nearly 20 years ago, it was discovered that low birthweight was associated with an increased risk of adult diabetes and cardiovascular disease (CVD). This led to the hypothesis that exposure to undernutrition in early life increases an individual's vulnerability to these disorders, by 'programming' permanent metabolic changes. Implicit in the programming hypothesis is that improving the nutrition of girls and women could prevent common chronic diseases in future generations. Research in India has shown that low birthweight children have increased CVD risk factors, and a unique birth cohort in Delhi has shown that low infant weight, and rapid childhood weight gain, increase the risk of type 2 diabetes. Progress has been made in understanding the role of specific nutrients in the maternal diet. In the Pune Maternal Nutrition Study, low maternal vitamin B12 status predicted increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, especially if the mother was folate replete. It is not only maternal undernutrition that causes problems; gestational diabetes, a form of foetal overnutrition (glucose excess), is associated with increased adiposity and insulin resistance in the children, highlighting the adverse effects of the 'double burden' of malnutrition in developing countries, where undernutrition and overnutrition co-exist. Recent intervention studies in several developing countries have shown that CVD risk factors in the offspring can be improved by supplementing undernourished mothers during pregnancy. Results differ according to the population, the intervention and the post-natal environment. Ongoing studies in India and elsewhere seek to understand the long-term effects of nutrition in early life, and how best to translate this knowledge into policies to improve health in future generations.
Neonatal energy substrate production; Glucose is the most important foetal energy substrate. At birth the transplacental transfer of substrates is terminated. Before the start of breastfeeding the newborn infant must produce its own glucose particularly for the need of the central nervous system. Neonatal hypoglycaemia commonly occurs in risk groups such as immature and low birth weight infants, infants of mothers with diabetes and infants born large for gestational age. Our data show that extremely immature infants can also produce their own glucose during the first day of postnatal life. Although their stores of depot fat are limited, they also have a capacity for lipolysis. Infants of diabetic mothers have unimpaired lipolysis in spite of hyperinsulinaemia. This may represent a mechanism to compensate for the reduced rate of glucose production in these infants. The number of infants born large for gestational age is increasing in several countries partly consequent to increases in maternal weight. We have shown that foetal weight depends on maternal glucose production, which in turn is related to parameters associated with maternal fat mass. Like infants born small for gestational age, those born large for gestational age are at risk for metabolic disease later in life. Owing to a high fat mass these infants have a high rate of lipolysis, which can be one reason underlying the reduced insulin sensitivity seen already during the first day of life.
Hypertensive disorders in pregnancy and subsequently measured cardiovascular risk factors; OBJECTIVE: To study the association of hypertensive pregnancy disorders with modifiable risk factors for cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to estimate the feasibility for early detection and prevention. METHODS: This was a prospective study of 15,065 women with a first singleton birth between 1967 and 1995, who later participated in a population study that included standardized measurements of blood pressure, serum lipids, and body mass index (BMI). RESULTS: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy (preeclampsia or gestational hypertension) had higher BMI, higher blood pressure, and unfavorable levels of total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and triglycerides. Preeclampsia was associated with substantially higher risk of developing diabetes (odds ratio 3.8, 95% confidence interval [Cl] 2.1-6.6), and if the hypertensive disorder occurred in more than one pregnancy, or in a relatively late pregnancy, the associations with later cardiovascular risk factors were substantially stronger. Thus, women with two episodes of preeclampsia were approximately 10 times more likely to use blood pressure medication at follow-up (adjusted odds ratio, 11.6, 95% Cl 7.1-26.3), and in women with gestational hypertension in three consecutive pregnancies, systolic pressure was on average 27 mm Hg (95% Cl 18-37 mm Hg) higher, and diastolic pressure was 12 mm Hg (95% Cl 5-19 mm Hg) higher, compared with women without a history of hypertensive disorders. Adjustment for current body mass index partly attenuated these associations, suggesting that BMI may play an important mediating role. CONCLUSION: Women with a history of hypertensive disorders in pregnancy, and particularly women with recurrent pregnancy disorders, should be candidates for intervention intended to prevent premature cardiovascular disease. © 2009 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Therapeutic implications of diabetes in cardiovascular disease; Insulin-resistant diabetes is becoming more prevalent among the general U.S. population. Approximately 20 million people had diabetes in 2005, of which one third of the population had impaired fasting glucose. The prevalence rate is 9%, a more alarming rate in the 20- to 39-year age group, which suggests a significant degree of how even the young are affected. We review how the prediabetic stage (impaired glucose tolerance-impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance-impaired glucose tolerance) plays a vital role as a risk factor for cardiovascular disease, and the effectiveness of lifestyle modifications with drug therapy reduces the cardiovascular risk of early diabetes and its complications. A lifestyle modification like effective weight loss and exercise, with or without antidiabetic drugs, prevents the proatherogenic effects of diabetes. Controlled, randomized studies have shown that progression to diabetes among those with prediabetes is not inevitable; people with prediabetes who lose weight and increase their physical activity can prevent or delay diabetes and could even return their blood glucose levels to normal. Although prevention of prediabetes is a huge challenge, a tight glycemic control with lifestyle modifications and antihyperglycemics like thiazolidinediones play a vital role in increasing the insulin sensitivity of tissues and decreasing the cardiovascular risk factor of diabetes. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Metformin - A convenient alternative to insulin for Indian women with diabetes in pregnancy; Objective: To compare the use of metformin with that of insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) unresponsive to diet therapy. Materials and Methods: In this prospective observational study, maternal glycemic control and perinatal outcome in diabetic pregnancies were compared between 2 obstetric units, one using insulin therapy and the other using metformin therapy. Baseline pretreatment glycemic profile was done and then repeated weekly throughout pregnancy. The outcome measures studied were glycemic control, maternal complications and perinatal outcome. Results: Sixty women with gestational and type 2 diabetes were enrolled, 30 each for metformin and insulin. Both groups were comparable with respect to age, body mass index (BMI), parity and pretreatment plasma glucose levels. Glycemic control was better with metformin after 1 week of therapy and also throughout gestation (P = 0.03-0.007). There were no major complications or perinatal deaths in this study. Mean gestational age and birth weight (2.9 ± 0.4 kg versus 3.1 ± 0.4 kg, P = 0.30) were comparable. However, there was a significant increase in neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) admission and stay for babies born in the insulin group. The cost of treatment was tenfold higher in thethe insulin group. Conclusion: Metformin is clinically effective, cheap and a safe alternative to insulin therapy in pregnant diabetic women.
Transient neonatal acquired von Willebrand syndrome due to transplacental transfer of maternal monoclonal antibodies; Although typically a disorder of adults, acquired von Willebrand syndrome (AVWS) is increasingly being recognized in the pediatric population in association with congenital cardiac diseases, certain neoplasia, and hypothyroidism. Transplacental transfer of maternal immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies as a cause of neonatal disorders in infants born to mothers with autoimmune conditions has been reported. We describe the diagnosis and peripartum clinical management of AVWS due to monoclonal gammopathy of undetermined significance (MGUS) and the first reported case of transient neonatal AVWS due to transplacental transfer of maternal IgG antibodies. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Evaluation of cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels by brain natriuretic peptide in umbilical cord blood; Objective: To study the feasibility of umbilical cord brain natriuretic peptide (BNP) level measurement for the evaluation of perinatal cardiac function in fetuses from pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels and the influence of abnormal blood glucose on fetal cardiac function. Methods: Twenty-four mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 18) or gestational impaired glucose tolerance (n = 6) (diabetic group) were classified into two subgroups according to blood glucose level before delivery: good (n = 17) and poor (n = 7) glucose control. They underwent fetal echocardiography in their late pregnant periods and fetal cardiac sizes and function were measured. Twenty-five normal pregnant mothers served as the control group. Umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations were measured at delivery. Results: The umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations in the diabetic group were significantly higher than in the control group (114.0 ± 39.0 pg/mL vs 80.6 ± 13.7 pg/mL; P < 0.01). The poor glucose control subgroup demonstrated higher umbilical cord blood BNP concentrations than the good glucose control subgroup (142.1 ± 44.1 pg/mL vs 102.4 ± 31.2 pg/mL; P < 0.01). No difference was found between the gestational diabetes mellitus and the impaired glucose tolerance groups. The BNP concentration was positively correlated to the thicknesses of fetal left ventricular walls and the peak velocities of mitral A wave (r = 0.715, 0.491 respectively, P < 0.05), and negatively correlated to the mitral E/A ratio (r = -0.507, P < 0.05). Conclusions: The fetuses of pregnant women with abnormal blood glucose levels have an increased BNP level in umbilical cord blood. Umbilical cord BNP level is related to maternal blood glucose control and the changes in fetal cardiac function. It may reflex the latent impairments of fetal cardiac function. A good glucose control may decrease the impact of abnormal maternal blood glucose on fetal hearts.
Fetal cardiac injury and ductus venosus doppler velocimetry in severe placental insufficiency before 34th week of gestation; Objectives: Placental insufficiency and fetal growth restriction may lead to fetal hypoxia, cardiac injury and dysfunction. The aim of this study was to determine the correlation between ductus venosus (DV) dopplervelocimetry and fetal cardiac troponin T (cTnT). Methods: Between March 2007 and Dec 2008, 24 singleton pregnancies with severe placental insufficiency characterized by abnormal umbilical artery Doppler were prospectively studied. All the patients delivered by cesarean section and the Doppler exams were performed at the same day. The following variables were studied: maternal age, parity, hypertension, diabetes, gestational age at delivery, umbilical artery (UA) pulsatility index (PI), absent or reversed end-diastolic velocity (AREDV) in the UA, middle cerebral artery (MCA) PI, and DV pulsatility index for veins (PIV). Immediately after delivery, UA blood samples were obtained for pH measurement and cardiac troponin T (cTNT) levels. Statistical analysis included Mann Whitney U test, Chi-square test and Fisher's exact test. Results: The results showed a positive correlation between elevated DV-PIV and fetal cTnT levels (p = 0.009, r = 0.52). The fetuses that presented DV PIV ≤ 1.2 (n = 13) showed significantly lower cTnT at birth (median = 0.07, min 0.03, max 0.26) than group with DV PIV > 1.2 (n = 11, median = 0.14, n = 0.08, max 0.26, p = 0.04). Conclusion: The DV-PIV correlated significantly with the fetal cTnT levels at delivery in growth-restricted fetuses by placental insufficiency detected before the 34th week. Abnormal DV PIV represents severe cardiac compromise demonstrated by myocardial injury and elevated fetal cTnT.
Maturation of macrosomic fetus and vaginal delivery; Introduction: Reduction in the relative frequency of fetal macrosomia caused by fetal hyperinsulinemia in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus has been rather unsuccessful under the present management strategy of trying to maintain glucose levels within specified limits. In most reports, the relative frequency of macrosomia has remained essentially unchanged. Our concern about fetal hyperinsulinemia has increased since the demonstration that insulin containing micropump implantation in the fetus of rhesus monkeys produced proliferation of fat cells, and myocytes of the myocardium, thus providing explanation for childhood obesity and hypertension of children born macrosomic to mothers with gestational diabetes. The other approach to reduce fetal macrosomia has been to shorten the exposure to hyperinsulinemia by accelerating the maturation of the fetus with intraamniotic administration of thyroxin, and delivery before the conclusion of the 36th week of gestation. This approach apparently in being used only by one institution, namely the University of Puerto Rico. At the annual meeting of The Society for Gynecologic Investigation in 1999 they presented 16 cases in which the fetus had received 2 or 3 weekly doses of 500 micrograms of thyroxin intraamniotically, which produced L-S ratio of amniotic fluid of 2.5 or more. All patients were delivered before conclusion of the 35th week. Mean birth weight was 3208 g, with the largest newborn who was 36 weeks old, weighing 3523 g. No newborn required respiratory assistance, and there was no case of neonatal hypoglycemia. When one patient with a macrosomic fetus (estimated weight by sonography of about 3,400 g) at 34 weeks of gestation, and an L/S of 1.17 refused the proposed treatment with thyroxin, she was offered an attempt to accelerated fetal maturation by increasing fetal release of TRH by producing fluctuations if fetal P02 by uterine contractions. After 6 hours of oxytocin infusion daily the L-S ratio after 48 hrs. had increased to 2.20 and after further 48 hours to 3.25. Such progression in L-S ratio had required 3 weekly administrations of intraamniotic thyroxin. On the fifth day the fetus was delivered by cesarean section. The newborn received an Apgar score of 9, and was cared for in the regular nursery. Based on this information, our Institutional Review Board approved a study to accelerate fetal maturation in gestational diabetes with oxytocin produced uterine contractions leading to increased release of endogenous T3 and T4 by the fetus. Material and Methods: Fifteen patients with gestational diabetes volunteered to participate in the study. Maternal age ranged between - and - years, and the parity between - and -. Six (insert the correct number) patients had given previously birth to macrosomic fetuses. The gestational age at the time of enrolment ranged between 33 and 35 weeks, based on the last menstrual period. First trimester sonographic evaluation of the fetus gave values between 33 weeks and 37 weeks. Sonographic evaluation of the fetus was performed prior to stimulation of the uterus. Oxytocin infusion was given for 6 to 8 hours every day for 5 days. In 2 cases it was given for 7 days to reach the L-S ratio. The dose of oxytocin was adjusted to produce contractions noticeable by the patient. Some patients reported the contractions as painful. Fetal heart rate and uterine contractions were recorded continuously during the period of stimulation. Pelvic examination was performed before and at the conclusion of the oxytocin infusion. No cervical dilatation was noted. Lecithinsphingomyelin ratio of amniotic fluid was determined in the afternoon of the 5th day, and in two cases again on the 7th day. In our laboratory a ratio of 1.75 indicates sufficient fetal maturity as not to require any respiratory assistance to the newborn. Labor was induced with oxytocin and Cytotec after obtaining the report of L/S of 1.75 or more Cesarean section was required in 3 cases in which there was prolonged failure of labor to progress. In two patients cesarean section was done because of previous cesarean section. (Table presented). Results: Relevant variables of 15 patients with gestational diabetes mellitus in whom fetal maturation was accelerated with endogenous release of T3 and T4 brought about by fluctuations in fetal oxygenation caused by oxytocin produced uterine contractions are presented in Table 1. In all but one patient (TL), in whom the initial L-S ratio was 1.5, the L-S for all others was 1.1 to 1.3. Evaluation of the newborns: Although none of the 15 newborns had RDS, four newborns had short episodes of tachypnea. Three had hyperbilirubinemia. All had good tissue oxygenation as expressed in the arterial pH values ranging between 7.35 and 7.45. All had high values of Hgb, which ranged between 22.0 g and 29.0 g per deciliter, and peripheral venous Hct above 65 percent. To rule out hemoconcentration due to dehydration of the mother, all received oral liquids, including milk, within 2 to 4 hours after birth. All newborns were discharged home with their mothers.
Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy and risk of cardiovascular disease: A population-based cohort study; Background: Pregnant women commonly receive screening for gestational diabetes mellitus by use of a 50 g glucose challenge test, followed by a diagnostic oral glucose tolerance test for those whose glucose challenge test result is abnormal. Although women with gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, it is not known whether mild glucose intolerance during pregnancy is also associated with cardiovascular disease. Thus, we sought to determine whether pregnant women with an abnormal glucose challenge test result but without gestational diabetes have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. Methods: We conducted a retrospective population-based cohort study that included all women in Ontario aged 20-49 years with live deliveries between April 1994 and March 1998. We excluded women with pregestational diabetes. The population was stratified into 3 cohorts: women with gestational diabetes (n = 13 888); women who received an antepartum oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of an abnormal result of the glucose chal lenge test) but who did not have gestational diabetes (n = 71 831); and women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test (suggestive of a normal result of the glucose challenge test) (n = 349 977). The primary outcome was cardiovascular disease (admission to hospital for acute myocardial infarction, coronary bypass, coronary angioplasty, stroke or carotid endarterectomy). Results: Compared with women who did not receive an oral glucose tolerance test, women with gestational diabetes and women who received an oral glucose tolerance test but did not have gestational diabetes had a higher risk of cardiovascular disease over 12.3 years of median follow-up (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] for women with gestational diabetes 1.66, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30-2.13, p < 0.001; adjusted HR for those with an oral glucose test but not gestational diabetes 1.19, 95% CI 1.02-1.39, p = 0.03). Interpretation: Mild glucose intolerance in pregnancy may be associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease. © 2009 Canadian Medical Association or its licensors.
Reproductive health as a sentinel of chronic disease in women; In summary, the reproductive health of women provides glimpses into subclinical processes and their future risk of chronic disease. A smoothly functioning reproductive axis, marked by regular menstruation and uncomplicated pregnancy, may portend reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. However, reproductive features associated with inefficient reproduction - later age at menarche, irregular cycles, pre-eclampsia and restricted fetal growth - may indicate lower breast cancer risk. We need further work to elucidate the endocrine, metabolic, vascular, immune and inflammatory factors shared by reproductive disorders and chronic disease. Many of the reproductive disorders overlap in definition or etiology, as in the predominance of preterm infants among the low birthweight, or the insulin resistance common to menstrual irregularity, PCOS, subfertility and gestational diabetes. The extent to which reproductive factors are independent predictors of cardiovascular and cancer risk remains to be tested. Perhaps some combination of reproductive factors will prove useful additions to breast cancer and cardiovascular disease prediction algorithms for women. Eventually, information about reproductive health might be used as a form of 'personalized medicine' to tailor health advice to women, from early in their lives, in order to change disease trajectories before they emerge as chronic disease at menopause. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
Future therapeutic directions: New medications and insulin delivery in a changing world for effective diabetes management; Insulin remains a key to the management of diabetes. The early addition of insulin to oral therapy in type-2 patients is recognized as an effective option that can help improve glycemic control and reduces the complications and contribute to more favorable outcomes. Controlling blood glucose levels within acceptable limits is crucial to the long-term health of patients with diabetes. The benefits of patient education and chronic disease management tools cannot be underestimated as many patients will require education and help in initiation of insulin therapy to achieve glycemic targets. The wide choice of insulin formulations and the ever-expanding range of delivery methods are now available. These methods made insulin administration easier, less painful, more discreet, and more accurate than ever before thus providing important tools to overcome barriers to insulin initiation and improve achievement of glycemic goals. In addition, exciting developments in newer therapeutics have increased the potential for optimal glycemic control. This review discusses how these approaches can help patients manage their diabetes effectively by considering new insulin formulations and delivery devices and newer therapeutics. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Niacin: A re-emerging pharmaceutical for the treatment of dyslipidaemia; Dyslipidaemias, particularly those characterized by the 'atherogenic profile' of high low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and triglycerides and low high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, are the major modifiable risk factor for atherosclerosis. The search for drugs to favourably alter such lipid profiles, reducing the associated morbidity and mortality, remains a major research focus. Niacin (nicotinic acid) is the most effective agent available for increasing high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol, but its use is associated with side effects that negatively affect patient compliance: these appear to arise largely as a result of production of prostaglandin D2 and its subsequent activation of the DP1 receptor. Desire to reduce the side effects (and improve pharmacokinetic parameters) has led to the development of a number of agonists that have differing effects, both in terms of clinical potency and the severity of adverse effects. The recent discovery of the niacin G-protein-coupled receptor HM74A (GPR109A) has clarified the distinction between the mechanism whereby niacin exerts its therapeutic effects and the mechanisms responsible for the generation of side effects. This has allowed the development of new drugs that show great potential for the treatment of dyslipidaemia. However, recent advances in understanding of the contribution of prostaglandin metabolism to vascular wall health suggest that some of the beneficial effects of niacin may well result from activation of the same pathways responsible for the adverse reactions. The purpose of this review is to emphasize that the search for agonists that show higher tolerability must take into account all aspects of signalling through this receptor. © 2009 The British Pharmacological Society.
Decreased paraoxonase and arylesterase activities in the pathogenesis of future atherosclerotic heart disease in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate serum paraoxonase, arlyesterase activities, and lipid hydroperoxide (LOOH) levels in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Paraoxonase and arylesterase activities, and LOOH levels were assessed for GDM cases (n= 55) and controls (n=59). Serum basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were measured spectrophotometrically. LOOH levels were measured by ferrous oxidation with a xylenol orange assay. Results: Basal and salt-stimulated paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were significantly lower (p= 0.002, p=0.004; and p =0.013, respectively) in patients with GDM compared to controls, while LOOH levels were significantly higher (p <0.001). Among gestational diabetes patients, serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities were inversely correlated with LOOH levels (r=-0.390, p =0.003; and r= -0.287, p= 0.034, respectively). Conclusions: Findings of the present study have shown that serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities are significantly reduced in women with GDM. Decreased serum paraoxonase and arylesterase activities might play a role in the potential early pathogenesis for atherosclerotic heart disease in GDM beyond their antioxidant properties. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Cardiovascular manifestations of insulin resistance; Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention indicate that the prevalence of diabetes is increasing steadily and is coupled with a rise in obesity. Studies such as the Nurses' Health Study show that even slight glucose abnormalities, namely insulin resistance, increase the risk of myocardial infarctions, strokes, other cardiovascular disease, and mortality. Insulin resistance was found to accelerate atherosclerosis, inflammation, the onset of diabetes, cardiovascular disease, obesity, hypertension, chronic kidney disease, and dyslipidemia. Adiponectin was found to have potent antiinflammatory and antiatherosclerotic effects. Similarly, studies indicate that peroxisome proliferators-activated receptor agonists have the potential to treat obesity, diabetes, and atherosclerosis. From a preventive standpoint, it was shown that intensive glucose control reduces long-term cardiovascular risk. This intensive control approach included the use of thiazolidinediones (TZDs; troglitazone, pioglitazone, and rosiglitazone), which were demonstrated to have vascular and nonglycemic effects beyond glucose-lowering. A drawback of using TZDs is peripheral fluid retention. The DREAM study showed that participants with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance who are free from cardiovascular disease benefited significantly from taking 8 mg rosiglitazone per day. The ADOPT study provided evidence that rosiglitazone is more efficient at controlling glycemic loss and maintaining low glycosylated hemoglobin levels than metformin and glyburide. Data from the CHICAGO study indicate that the progression of carotid artery intima-media thickness, a marker of atherosclerosis and a surrogate end point for cardiovascular disease, was slowed more with pioglitazone than glimepiride in a racially diverse population of men and women with diabetes mellitus type 2. Overall, investigators have shifted from a focus on hyperglycemia to a multifactorial approach to risk management in diabetes. This multifactorial approach includes intensive glycemic control, lifestyle intervention, and intensive management of comorbid (dyslipidemia, hypertension, early renal disease) conditions. The implementation of a regular, rigorous exercise and diet program greatly decreased insulin resistance and allowed far more patients to reach their glycosylated hemoglobin goals. Studies with atrovastatin show significant improvement in cardiovascular risk factors in patients with diabetes and hypertension. Short-term studies provide support for the administration of a combination of TZD + sulfonylureas in patients with diabetes mellitus type 2. Likewise, studies have shown that a combination of TZDs + metformin reduced the risk of myocardial infarction. Finally, dipeptidyl peptidase-IV inhibitors and glycolipoprotein-1 analogs show potential for helping prevent the deterioration of glucose metabolism in early diabetes mellitus type 2. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Copy number variation in human health, disease, and evolution; Copy number variation (CNV) is a source of genetic diversity in humans. Numerous CNVs are being identified with various genome analysis platforms, including array comparative genomic hybridization (aCGH), single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) genotyping platforms, and next-generation sequencing. CNV formation occurs by both recombination-based and replication-based mechanisms and de novo locus-specific mutation rates appear much higher for CNVs than for SNPs. By various molecular mechanisms, including gene dosage, gene disruption, gene fusion, position effects, etc., CNVs can cause Mendelian or sporadic traits, or be associated with complex diseases. However, CNV can also represent benign polymorphic variants. CNVs, especially gene duplication and exon shuffling, can be a predominant mechanism driving gene and genome evolution. Copyright © 2009 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Doppler parameters predicting fetal heart rate abnormalities in diabetic pregnancies; Background. Uteroplacental insufficiency is reflected by an increased pulsatility index in the umbilical artery (Umb PI). This leads to a redistribution of blood in the fetus (brain sparing), which is reflected by an increased middle cerebral artery PI (MCA PI) to Umb PI ratio (AI - acidemic index) and may cause a reduction in blood flow. An abnormally low AI is connected with unfavorable pregnancy outcome. Objectives. The primary purpose of this study was to determine diabetes mellitus and circulatory variables that could relate to low arterial pH in the umbilical cord measured immediately after birth. Material and Methods. The study group comprised 64 diabetic women with class B, C, D, or F diabetes and at least 26 weeks pregnant. Umb PI and MCA PI were measured every two days from admission to delivery. Doppler MCA PI, Umb PI, and AI were compared with fetal heart traces (NST) and pH from the umbilical artery measured immediately after birth. Results. During the study about 34% of the fetuses of the diabetic mothers showed flow redistribution and nearly 22% abnormal NSTs. Abnormal AI was associated with abnormal NST in nearly 19% of cases. Doppler velocimetry is in itself good in confirming acidosis, detecting 90% of all acidemias (pH < 7.1). Abnormal Doppler velocimetry predicted fetal heart rate abnormalities in patients with B, C, D, or F diabetes about 8 days before they occurred. Conclusions. No cardiotocographic parameter alone was found to be a good predictor of umbilical acidemia. An abnormal NST in diabetic pregnancies should be verified by the AI. Both methods are noninvasive and safe. Abnormal cardiotocographic changes were usually preceded by abnormal MCA PI, Umb PI, and AI which occurred on average about 8 days earlier. Using both methods together, a predictive and a predisposal value of umbilical acidemia of 91.7 and 95% were obtained. © Copyright by Wroclaw Medical University.
Insulin resistance: The possible link between gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy; Gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, and diabetes are all associated with increased risks of poor maternal and perinatal outcomes. Pregnant women with gestational diabetes have been shown in population studies to have increased risk of pregnancy-associated hypertension compared with nondiabetic women. Moreover, pregnant patients with hypertension are at increased risk for developing gestational diabetes mellitus. It has been hypothesized that this association could be due, at least in part, to insulin resistance. Although insulin resistance is a physiologic phenomenon in normal pregnancy, in predisposed individuals this could lead to hyperinsulinemia with the development of gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus, or both. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009.
The haematologist in neonatology I. Thrombocytopenia, thrombosis and haemostasis in the neonate; Haemostatic problems, either thrombotic or bleeding, are common in sick neonates. Here we review the main clinical problems relating to bleeding and thrombosis, including interpretation of laboratory data. In this article we focus on the common or serious disorders, and consider both the cellular and humeral aspects of coagulation. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Metabolic diseases and associated complications: Sex and gender matter; Background Clinicians and health professionals are increasingly challenged to understand and consider the different health needs of women and men. The increase of gender awareness and the expanding science of gender medicine will affect more and more clinical practice. This review addresses gender-specific aspects in metabolic disorders and related complications, which represent an increasing burden of this century and a great challenge to public health. Design There is increasing evidence of gender-related differences in risk factors, clinical manifestation and sequelae of obesity and diabetes and increasing knowledge that prevention, detection and therapy of illness affect men and women differently. Results Some gender-specific aspects, especially regarding cardiovascular disease, have been studied in more detail, but for many complications sex-related analyses of the results of both clinical trials and basic science are still missing or disregarded. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism as well as dysregulation of energy balance and body fat distribution have a great impact on overall health via neuroendocrine changes and inflammatory pathways and deteriorate the course of many diseases with particular harm for women. Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for women during pregnancy. Great impact is attached to the intrauterine period and the lifelong implications of fetal programming. Conclusions Initiation of prospective studies on the impact of gender as primary outcome and investigation of gender-related pathophysiological mechanisms of chronic diseases will help to improve patient care and to implement evidence-based gender-specific prevention programs and clinical recommendations in future. © 2009 Stichting European Society for Clinical Investigation Journal Foundation.
Insulin resistance in women's health: Why it matters and how to identify it; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine the significance of insulin resistance in women's health and review methods for diagnosing it. RECENT FINDINGS: Clinical phenotypes in conjunction with standard clinical biochemical assays, that is, the metabolic syndrome, remain the key method to diagnose insulin resistance in clinical practice. Candidate alleles from type 2 diabetes offer little predictive value for cardiovascular events beyond traditional risk factors. Simple environmental factors such as irregular meal frequency appear to increase the risk of the metabolic syndrome and require greater scrutiny. Pregnancy complications, particularly gestational diabetes and preeclampsia in the mother and preterm birth in the fetus are events that suggest elevated risk for future cardiovascular morbidity in those affected. SUMMARY: Clinical phenotypes of insulin resistance identify women at risk for perinatal and reproductive complications. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Hypertension and diabetes: Emphasis on the renin-angiotensin system and insulin resistance; Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (T2DM) and hypertension (HTN) both increase cardiovascular disease (CVD) morbidity and mortality, and impose a tremendous burden on worldwide heath care systems in recent years. The mechanisms underlying the frequent coexistence of T2DM and HTN, two main components of the Cardiometabolic Syndrome (CMS), remain to be fully uncovered. Interestingly, both conditions are linked by chronic inflammatory processes and insulin resistance that are instigated by enhanced activation of the Renin Angiotensin Aldosterone System (RAAS). Inappropriate activation of the RAAS and insulin resistance with compensatory hyperinsulinemia trigger numerous pathophysiological pathways that ultimately result in endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, proliferation, and remodeling in cardiovascular and renal tissue. Blockade of RAAS has proven beneficial in the management of T2DM and HTN as well as associated CVD and chronic kidney diseases. This review focuses on current knowledge about the role of RAAS and insulin resistance and accompanying inflammation and oxidative stress in the pathophysiology that links DM and HTN. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Serum homocysteine level in gestational diabetes: A prospective study; Background: Increased total plasma homocysteine (Hcy) is an accepted risk factor of cardiovascular disease (CVD), stroke, preclampsia, recurrent abortion and diabetes type I and II. The aim of the current study was to assess serum homocysteine and its relation with serum folat, vitamine B12 and lipid profile in gestational diabetes mellitus and to compare these with those of pregnant women. Methods: In a prospective controlled survey 80 pregnant women (24-28 weeks) with uncomplicated pregnancies were evaluated. They were assigned to one of two groups according to the results of 100g-OGTT. In the case group there were pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus according to the OGTT and in the control group women who had normal OGTT results were put. Levels of fasting glucose, homocysteine, vit B12, and folic acid, uric acid, total cholesterol, triglyceride, Low Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL) and High Density Lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL) were measured in both groups. Results: The mean level of homocysteine in GDM group was significantly higher than control group (p=0.000). The mean level of folic acid and vit B12 was significantly lower than the level in control group (p=0.001, p=0.004 respectively). Body mass index (BMI) in GDM group was higher (p=0.000) and HDL level was lower (p=0.006) than control group. There were no significant differences among the groups with respect to levels of total cholesterol and triglyceride. Conclusion: We found that patients with gestational diabetes have higher homocysteine level than normal pregnant women. This increased level seems to be related to an abnormal OGTT. Further investigations are needed to follow up these patients in the postpartum period and later on.
Interferon-α for treatment of essential thrombocythemia during pregnancy: Case report and review of the literature; Described as a myeloproliferative disorder mainly affecting elderly women, recent reports now confirm the occurrence of essential thrombocythemia at younger ages, which questions treatment during pregnancy. We report a further case of uneventful full term pregnancy with the use of interferon-α for maternal essential thrombocythemia which suggests that interferon-α could be considered as an effective and safe treatment during pregnancy for women with essential thrombocythemia. Further studies are warranted to determine whether interferon-α is the optimal therapeutic option during pregnancy for this patient population. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG.
Cardiomyopathy in offspring of diabetic rats is associated with activation of the MAPK and apoptotic pathways; Background: Maternal diabetes affects the developing fetal cardiovascular system. Newborn offspring of diabetic mothers can have a transient cardiomyopathy. We hypothesized that cardiomyopathic remodeling is associated with activation of the mitogen activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling and apoptotic pathways. Methods: To evaluate the effects of moderate and severe maternal hyperglycemia, pregnant rats were made diabetic with an injection of 50 mg/kg of streptozotocin. Moderately well controlled maternal diabetes was achieved with twice daily glucose checks and insulin injections. No insulin was given to severely diabetic dams. Offspring of moderate and severe diabetic mothers (OMDM and MSDM, respectively) were studied on postnatal days 1 (NB1) and 21 (NB21). Echocardiograms were performed to evaluate left ventricular (LV) dimensions and function. Myocardial MAPK and apoptotic protein levels were measured by Western blot. Results: OMDM had increased cardiac mass at NB1 compared to controls that normalized at NB21. OSDM demonstrated microsomia with relative sparing of cardiac mass and a dilated cardiomyopathy at NB1. In both models, there was a persistent increase in the HW:BW and significant activation of MAPK and apoptotic pathways at NB21. Conclusion: The degree of maternal hyperglycemia determines the type of cardiomyopathy seen in the offspring, while resolution of both the hypertrophic and dilated cardiomyopathies is associated with activation of MAPK signaling and apoptotic pathways. © 2009 Reinking et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Consensus statement on self-monitoring of blood glucose in diabetes: A European perspective; The consensus group recommends to perform self-monitoring of blood glucose in all types of treatment approaches in diabetes to achieve near-normal glucose control without increasing the risk of hypoglycaemia. The recommended frequency and pattern of self-monitoring of blood glucose depends on the type of diabetes, the treatment approach and the individually set targets of HbA1c and pre- and postprandial blood glucose.
Efficacy of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor agonists in diabetes and coronary artery disease; The greatest clinical challenge in type 2 diabetes mellitus is the prevention of its long-term complications, many of which are of a cardiovascular nature. Despite the progress in cardiovascular risk management of diabetes patients using lipid-lowering and antihypertensive drugs, a substantial residual risk persists. Indeed, treated diabetes patients have a similar risk as untreated nondiabetic individuals. Although glycemic control through the use of antihyperglycemic agents improves microvascular complications, macrovascular disease risk is not reduced. These observations point to the need for additional therapeutic approaches in order to better control global cardiovascular risk. The peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) family members play major roles in the regulation of lipid and glucose metabolism and immune-inflammatory processes, making these transcription factors ideal targets for such therapeutic strategies. This review discusses our current knowledge of the effectiveness of PPAR-based therapeutics, focusing exclusively on cardiovascular disease in type 2 diabetes mellitus and the future prospects for novel generation of PPAR agonists. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009.
Circulating and placental growth-differentiation factor 15 in preeclampsia and in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus; Growth-differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15), a stress-responsive transforming growth factor-β-related cytokine, is emerging as a new risk marker in patients with cardiovascular disease. We explored GDF-15 in preeclampsia and in diabetic pregnancies, because these conditions are associated with augmented risk for cardiovascular disease, both in mother and in offspring. Plasma from pregnant women (n=267; controls: n=59, preeclampsia: n=85, diabetes mellitus: n=112, and superimposed preeclampsia in diabetes mellitus: n=11), fetal plasma (n=72), and amniotic fluid (n=99) were analyzed by immunoassay for GDF-15. Placental GDF-15 mRNA and protein expression levels were analyzed by quantitative real-time PCR and immunoblots in 78 and 18 pregnancies, respectively. Conditioned media from preeclamptic (n=6) and control (n=6) villous placenta explants were analyzed by immunoassay for GDF-15. Median maternal GDF-15 concentration was elevated in those with diabetes mellitus, as compared with controls (91 549 versus 79 875 ng/L; P=0.02). Median GDF-15 concentration was higher in patients with preeclampsia than in controls in term maternal blood samples (127 061 versus 80 319 ng/L; P<0.001). In the fetal circulation and amniotic fluid, GDF-15 was elevated in preeclampsia and superimposed preeclampsia in diabetes mellitus, as compared with controls. GDF-15 placental mRNA expression was elevated in preeclampsia, as compared with controls (P=0.002). Placenta immunoblots confirmed a single GDF-15 protein band, and a time-dependent increase in GDF-15 protein was detected in the conditioned media. Our study is the first to show that GDF-15 is dysregulated, both in preeclampsia and in diabetic pregnancies. The mechanisms and diagnostic implications of these findings remain to be explored. © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc.
Overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus or type 1 diabetes; Context: In animal studies, exposure to intrauterine hyperglycemia increases the risk of cardiovascular disease through only partly understood epigenetic mechanisms. Human long-term follow-up studies on the same topic are few. Objective: The aim was to study the risk of overweight and the metabolic syndrome in adult offspring of women with diet-treated gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) or type 1 diabetes, and additionally to study associations between estimates of maternal hyperglycemia and outcome in the offspring. Design and Setting: We conducted a follow-up study of 1066 primarily Caucasian women aged 18-27 yr in the Center for Pregnant Women with Diabetes, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen, Denmark. Participants: Offspring of women with diet-treated GDM (n = 168) and an unexposed reference group (n = 141) participated, as well as offspring of women with type 1 diabetes (n = 160) and offspring from the background population representing an unexposed reference group (n = 128). The follow-up rate was 56% (597 of 1066). Main Outcome Measures: Women with body mass index of at least 25 kg/m2 were considered overweight. The metabolic syndrome was determined by the International Diabetes Federation 2006 criteria. Results: The risk of overweight was doubled in offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes compared with offspring from the background population, whereas the risk of the metabolic syndrome was 4- and 2.5-fold increased, respectively. Offspring risk of the metabolic syndrome increased significantly with increasing maternal fasting blood glucose as well as 2-h blood glucose (during oral glucose tolerance test). Conclusions: Adult offspring of women with diet-treated GDM or type 1 diabetes are risk groups for overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Intrauterine hyperglycemia may in addition to genetics and other factors contribute to the pathogenesis of overweight and the metabolic syndrome. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Prenatal features of Costello syndrome: Ultrasonographic findings and atrial tachycardia; Objective: Delineate prenatal features of Costello syndrome (caused by HRAS mutations), which consists of mental retardation, facial, cardiovascular, skin, and musculoskeletal anomalies, and tumor predisposition. Methods: Literature and new cases classified as Group I (pre-HRAS), Group II (HRAS confirmed), and Group III (HRAS confirmed in natural history study, plus three contributed cases). Results: Polyhydramnios occurred in most (mean 79%) pregnancies of cases in Groups I (98), II (107), and III (17); advanced paternal age and prematurity were noted in approximately half. Less frequent were nuchal thickening, ascites, shortened long bones, abnormal hand posture, ventriculomegaly, macrosomia, and macrocephaly. Fetal arrhythmia occurred in nine cases (six supraventricular or unspecified tachycardia, one unspecified arrhythmia, and two premature atrial contractions, PACs); excluding three new cases and two with PACs, the estimated prenatal frequency is 4/222 (2%). Conclusion: Costello syndrome can be suspected prenatally when polyhydramnios is accompanied by nuchal thickening, hydrops, shortened long bones, abnormal hand posture, ventriculomegaly, large size, and macrocephaly, and especially fetal atrial tachycardia. Consideration should be given for timely prenatal diagnostic studies for confirmative HRAS gene mutations and for maternal treatment of serious fetal arrhythmia. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Late cardiovascular consequences of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), defined as carbohydrate intolerance of any degree first recognized during pregnancy, complicates ∼4% of all pregnancies in the United States. Several factors can increase one's risk of developing GDM, including obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), and race/ethnicity. Conversely, a history of GDM can increase the risk of developing not only T2DM but also cardiovascular disease (CVD) independent of a diagnosis of T2DM. Several investigations have explored GDM relationships with CVD risk factors, CVD surrogate markers, and clinically evident CVD. These studies have included evaluations of biochemical parameters, such as inflammatory and endothelial biomarkers; endothelial dysfunction, such as that seen in impaired brachial artery flow-mediated vasodilation; and vascular dysfunction, manifest as cardiac dysfunction or in diseases such as hypertension. This article will review these studies and examine factors considered to be responsible for promoting CVD in women with a history of GDM, such as T2DM and metabolic syndrome and its components. In addition, studies evidencing CVD in women with a history of GDM will be explored. Copyright © 2009 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Renal Allograft Function and Cardiovascular Risk in Recipients of Kidney Transplantation After Successful Pregnancy; Successful pregnancy is one of the better indicators of quality of life for women who are of child-bearing age with restored fertility after kidney transplantation. Our objective was to evaluate whether pregnancy represented a risk factor for worsening of renal function or for cardiovascular disease among renal transplant recipients. From 1976 to 2007, we followed 30 successful pregnancies in 27 renal recipients in our hospital; three women had two twin gestations. We compared this population with 27 women with renal transplants who were not pregnant. They were of similar ages at transplantation (pregnant 31.1 ± 5.4 years vs not pregnant 31.3 ± 5.4 years, P = NS) and similar evolution time between kidney transplantation and pregnancy (51.5 ± 36 months vs 47.2 ± 41 months respective; P = NS). There were no acute rejection episodes or graft losses. Renal function measured by serum creatinine and MDRD4 at the end of pregnancy was lower among the pregnant compared with the control group: mainly, 1.1 ± 0.2 mg/dL versus 0.9 ± 0.2 mg/dL (P = .05), and 66 ± 20 mL/min/1.73 m2 versus 80 ± 26 mL/min/1.73 m2 (P = .03). At 1 and 10 years, renal function was similar among the groups. Ten pregnant women developed preeclampsia (37%) and three, gestational diabetes mellitus (11%). There was one major cardiovascular event (4%; acute myocardial infarction) among the pregnant group, whereas there were two in the control group (7.4%; stroke and severe hypertensive retinopathy). One death occurred in each group secondary to cardiovascular complications. Our results showed that successful pregnancy after renal transplantation did not represent a long-term risk factor to worsen renal function and or produce severe cardiovascular complications. Therefore, pregnancy should be promoted. for young women with renal transplants that show excellent function. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Glucose tolerance in pregnancy and the long-term risk of cardiovascular disease; Background: Studies demonstrate an association between high but non-diabetic blood glucose levels and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Pregnancy alters glucose metabolism and results in a continuum of glucose tolerance, it is not known whether this continuum is associated with a continuum of risk of CVD in later life. Objectives: To examine the long-term risk of CVD associated with the continuum of maternal glucose tolerance. Participants: Nine hundred and seventeen participants assessed during pregnancy and followed over 20 years. Measurements: Smoking behaviour, BMI at index pregnancy and follow-up, and gestational HbA1c. Main Outcome: Requiring medication for hypertension and CVD, and hospital admissions for CVD as ascertained by record linkage over 20-year period. Results: Fifty-one women had a history of CVD, 85 women had hypertension and 17 women (2.3%) were admitted for CVD. There was a significant increase in the risk for CVD, hypertension and hospitalisation for CVD across the quartiles of gestational HbA1c after adjustment for known risk factors. This increased risk reached statistical significance in the highest quartile although confidence intervals were wide. Conclusion: Sub-clinical HbA1c during pregnancy was associated with a dose-related increase in the presence of medication and hospital admission for CVD. The magnitude of these effects is of note. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prevalence of hyperlipidemia according to the sex and age and relation between HDL levels of diabetic patients in isparta bone and joint diseases hospital; Purpose: Correlation between prevalence of hyperlipidemia and HDL levels in age and gender groups has been investigated amongst patients who had Diabetes Mellitus (DM) diagnosed at our hospital. Patients and Method: Initial biochemistry results of 317 patients (M:135, F:182) who were diagnosed and observed as DM at our polyclinics were investigated in 2008. Gestational diabetes, diabetic ketoacidosis and prescribe repetitions has been excluded. Mean SD, frequency, student-t, chi-square, Oneway Anova and Post-hoc Tucey tests were applied. Pearson correlation analysis was used. Results were evaluated in 95% confidence interval and significance at p < 0.05. Results: Mean age was 56.73 ± 13.24 in female, and 58.35 ± 12.04 in male group. Mean HbA1c level was found to be 7.53 ± 1.91% in female and 7.54 ± 1.96% in male group. HDL levels of males were detected significantly lower than females whilst triglyceride levels higher in males (p < 0.01). Significant positive correlation between LDL and total cholesterol levels and negative correlation between HDL and triglyceride levels has been detected amongst female cases (p < 0.01). Amongst male cases a positive correlation between HDL and total cholesterol levels has been detected (p < 0.05). No correlation has been found between HDL and fasting blood glucose and HbA1c in both male and female groups. No correlation between HDL and triglyceride levels in male group (p > 0.05) was found. In male group LDL levels were significantly lower at ages below 40 than ages 41-60 (p: 0.019, p < 0.05). Conclusion: Findings indicate that there is high level of hyperlipidemia prevalence in diabetic patients which is Coronary Heart Disease equivalence according to NCEP ATP III.
Lipoprotein metabolism and vascular complications in pregnancy; Human pregnancy is characterized by striking changes in maternal metabolism and body composition in order to provide sufficient energy and nutrients to the developing fetus There are marked increases in plasma lipid concentrations as gestation advances, with plasma cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations rising typically by 25-50% and 200-400%, respectively. These changes are due to the combined effect of increased adipose tissue lipolysis in late pregnancy and maternal hormonal changes. Essential fatty acids and cholesterol are transported to the fetus via the placenta. In women with additional metabolic stress, such as those with. gestational diabetes mellitus and obesity, there are alterations in lipid and lipoprotein metabolism consistent with increased insulin resistance. In pre-eclampsia, there is an exaggerated early rise in plasma triglycerides and free fatty acid concentrations in combination with an increase in the proportion of small dense LDL and a lesser rise in HDL-C, changes that may contribute to the pathogenesis of the maternal syndrome. Adverse pregnancy outcomes including pre-eclampsia are associated with a modestly increased risk in later life of cardiovascular disease in the mother, whereas gestational diabetes is associated with a marked increased risk for future diabetes. Future studies should address to what extent maternal lipid changes in the above complications influence programming of the future health of offspring. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
Two risk-scoring systems for predicting incident diabetes mellitus in U.S. adults age 45 to 64 years; Background: Simple prediction scores could help identify adults at high risk for diabetes. Objective: To derive and validate scoring systems by using longitudinal data from a study that repeatedly tested for incident diabetes. Design: Prospective cohort, divided into derivation and validation samples. Setting: The ARIC (Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities) study, which followed participants for 14.9 years beginning in 1987 to 1989. Participants: 12 729 U.S. adults (baseline age, 45 to 64 years; 22.8% black). Follow-up was 96.1% at 5 years and 72.2% at 10 years. Measurements: Anthropometry, blood pressure, and pulse (basic system) plus a fasting blood specimen assayed for common analytes (enhanced system). Diabetes was identified in 18.9% of participants. Risk score integer points were derived from proportional hazard coefficients associated with baseline categorical variables and quintiles of continuous variables. Results: The basic scoring system included waist circumference (10 to 35 points); maternal diabetes (13 points); hypertension (11 points); and paternal diabetes, short stature, black race, age 55 years or older, increased weight, rapid pulse, and smoking history (≤8 points each). The enhanced system included glucose (6 to 28 points); waist circumference (5 to 21 points); maternal diabetes (8 points); and triglycerides, black race, paternal diabetes, low highdensity lipoprotein cholesterol concentration, short stature, high uric acid, age 55 years or older, hypertension, rapid pulse, and nonuse of alcohol (≤7 points each). When applied to the validation sample, ascending quintiles of the basic system were associated with a 10-year incidence of diabetes of 5.3%, 8.7%, 15.5%, 24.5%, and 33.0%, respectively. Quintiles of the enhanced system were associated with a 10-year incidence of 3.5%, 6.4%, 11.5%, 19.3%, and 46.1%. Limitations: The risk scoring systems had no question regarding previous gestational diabetes, and knowledge of parental diabetes may be uncertain. The analyzed cohort was restricted by age and race; the systems may be less effective in other samples. Conclusion: Basic information identified adults at high risk for diabetes. Additional data from fasting blood tests better identified those at extreme risk. Primary Funding Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Is a history of gestational diabetes related to risk factors for coronary heart disease?; Coronary heart disease (CHD) risk in 20 non-diabetic women with and 20 without a distant history of gestational diabetes (hGDM), matched on age, body mass index, and time since GDM-affected pregnancy, was compared in a case control study. Women with an hGDM had lower high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c), p = .02, and higher triglycerides, p < or = .001, versus controls. The combination of high triglycerides and low HDL-c occurred in 25% of hGDM cases versus 0% of controls, p </= .01. Two-hour post-load glucose indicated that 45% of hGDM cases were pre-diabetic versus 20% of controls, p < or = .05. Non-diabetic women with a distant hGDM are at increased risk for DM and may be at increased risk for CHD. (c) 2009 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Hypertensive pregnancy disorders and subsequent cardiovascular morbidity and type 2 diabetes mellitus in the mother; Minimal data exist concerning the relationship between hypertensive pregnancy disorders and various subsequent cardiovascular events and the effect of type 2 diabetes mellitus on these. In a registry-based cohort study, we identified women delivering in Denmark from 1978 to 2007 with a first singleton (n=782 287) and 2 first consecutive singleton deliveries (n=536 419). The exposures were gestational hypertension and mild and severe preeclampsia. We adjusted for preterm delivery, small for gestational age, placental abruption, and stillbirth and, in a second model, we also adjusted for the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus. The end points were subsequent hypertension, ischemic heart disease, congestive heart failure, thromboembolic event, stroke, and type 2 diabetes mellitus. The risk of subsequent hypertension was increased 5.31-fold (range: 4.90 to 5.75) after gestational hypertension, 3.61-fold (range: 3.43 to 3.80) after mild preeclampsia, and 6.07-fold (range: 5.45 to 6.77) after severe preeclampsia. The risk of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus was increased 3.12-fold (range: 2.63 to 3.70) after gestational hypertension and 3.68-fold (range: 3.04 to 4.46) after severe preeclampsia. Women having 2 pregnancies both complicated by preeclampsia had a 6.00-fold (range: 5.40 to 6.67) increased risk of subsequent hypertension compared with 2.70-fold (range: 2.51 to 2.90) for women having preeclampsia in their first pregnancy only and 4.34-fold (range: 3.98 to 4.74) for women having preeclampsia in their second pregnancy only. The risk of subsequent thromboembolisni was 1.03-fold (range: 0.73 to 1.45), 1.53-fold (range: 1.32 to 1.77), and 1.91-fold (range: 1.35 to 2.70) increased after gestational hypertension and mild and severe preeclampsia, respectively. Thus, hypertensive pregnancy disorders are strongly associated with subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus and hypertension, the latter independent of subsequent type 2 diabetes mellitus. The severity, parity, and recurrence of these hypertensive pregnancy disorders increase the risk of subsequent cardiovascular events © 2009 American Heart Association, Inc.
Anesthesia for the morbidly obese parturient; Anesthesia-related complications are more frequent in obese parturients. Most authors and opinion leaders agree that regional anesthesia is the preferred technique for Cesarean section in obese patients, and that efforts to place early labor epidural analgesia should be optimized in order to be able to avoid general anesthesia when unplanned Cesarean section is required. © 2009 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams&Wilkins.
Consequences of smoking during pregnancy on maternal health; Objective: To estimate the incidence of maternal cardiovascular and pulmonary events and the prevalence of other comorbid conditions among pregnant smokers. Methods: We queried the Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS) from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ) for pregnancy-related discharge codes for the years 2000-2004. The prevalence of various conditions and the incidence of various complications were compared between smokers and nonsmokers. Results: The majority of smokers were young and white and had public insurance. Smokers were more likely to have experienced deep vein thrombosis (odds ratio [OR] 1.3, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.1, 1.6), stroke (OR 1.7, 95% CI 1.2, 2.5), pulmonary embolus (OR 2.5, 95% CI 2.1, 3.0), and myocardial infarction (OR 4.6, 95% CI 3.3, 6.4). They were 3 times more likely to have experienced influenza or pneumonia (OR 2.9, 95% CI 2.7, 3.2) and 15 times more likely to have bronchitis (OR 15.2, 95% CI 12.8, 18.2). They were more likely to suffer from a number of comorbidities, including asthma (OR 4.0, 95% CI 3.7, 4.2) and gastrointestinal ulcers (OR 3.7, 95% CI 2.6, 5.5). Although they were less likely to have experienced gestational diabetes (OR 0.9, 95% CI 0.9, 1.0), preeclampsia (OR 0.8, 95% CI 0.8, 0.9), or eclampsia (OR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6, 0.9), they were more than 5 times as likely to have experienced an ectopic pregnancy (OR 5.4, 95% CI 4.6, 6.3). Conclusions: Smoking has a negative impact on maternal health. Counseling about the risks of smoking in pregnancy should include not only fetal risks but maternal risks as well. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Congenital heart defects in twin gestations; As ultrasound technology advances, diagnosis of fetal malformations, particularly congenital heart defects (CHD) is becoming standard practice. Currently, a key element of obstetrical care is the use of ultrasound to diagnose chorionicity in multiple gestations. Given the difference in incidence and types of complications between dichorionic and monochorionic pregnancies, early diagnosis of chorionicity is critical to determine the type of care and counseling a patient receives throughout the pregnancy. Early diagnosis of chorionicity allows investigators to more accurately determine the risk of CHD in monochorionic pregnancies. It has been long known that twin gestations incur a higher risk of congenital malformations, including CHD. However, it was not until recendy that the incidence could be determined according to chorionicity. Previous studies looking at risk of malformations including CHD used the like-sex technique as a proxy for chorionicity, thereby overestimating the prevalence of monochorionic twins because roughly two-thirds of all twin gestations (including dichorionic) are the same sex. The rate of multiple gestations is increasing in the developed world. Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is partly responsible for the increased incidence of multiples. While many of the ART conceived pregnancies are dichorionic multiples, there is evidence that ART increases the risk of monochorionic multiple gestations. Presently, it is not technically feasible, nor practical, to screen all pregnancies with fetal echocardiography. Thus, many perinatal ultrasound centers screen women for risk factors that place them at higher risk for having a fetus with CHD. This 'higher risk' group then receives a fetal echocardiogram. The available literature regarding risk of CHD in monochorionic multiple gestations strongly points to a significant increase over the general population risk of 0.5-0.8%. Fetal echocardiography is technically feasible in twin pregnancies and increasingly available. Monochorionic multiple gestations should be screened with fetal echocardiography.
Indications for fetal echocardiography high referral, low yield?; An excellent imaging tool in the prenatal diagnosis and ongoing evaluation of congenital heart defects, fetal echocardiography is indicated in a selected population at increased risk compared with the general population. For certain "soft markers" of fetal congenital heart defects, ambiguity in the indications for fetal echo may result in a high referral rate, but low yield of congenital heart disease. Here, we critically examine 4 conditions, 2 maternal and 2 fetal: maternal gestational diabetes, advanced maternal age, isolated echogenic focus, and single umbilical artery. This critical review reveals that more prospective population-based studies with higher power and minimal bias need to be performed to establish the absolute risk of congenital heart defects in a selected population compared with that of the general population. Nonetheless, our analysis indicates that the absolute risk of congenital heart defects associated with each of these markers is low. Target Audience: Obstetricians & Gynecologists, Family Physicians Learning Objectives: After completion of this article, the reader should be able to define which patients should be referred for fetal echocardiography based on known risks, distinguish between relative and absolute risks for fetal congenital heart disease, and summarize fetal anomaly risks for women with altered glucose metabolism. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Sensitivity and Specificity of Foetal Echocardiography in Diabetic Mothers; Background: The incidence of Congenital Heart Diseases (CHD) is eight per 1000 live births and two to three folds more in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM). Aims of the study: To determine the importance of foetal echocardiography in diagnosis of CHD during pregnancy. Methods: The foetuses of pregnant ladies with diabetes mellitus (DM) (n = 111) were examined with echocardiography during pregnancy and after delivery. The sensitivity and specificity of our echocardiography evaluation during pregnancy and after delivery for diagnosis of CHD were determined. Results: Out of 111 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus (DM), 14 (12.6%) foetuses were diagnosed to have CHD during pregnancy while 31 (27.9%) cases were diagnosed after delivery, of which 10 cases had patent foramen ovale, 6 cases ASD and both were excluded as these pathologies cannot be diagnosed antenatally. The overall sensitivity and specificity of foetal echocardiography for the diagnosis of CHD are 93.5% and 99.4% respectively. 45% of patients were born to mothers suffering from noninsulin dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). Conclusion: Echocardiography evaluation during pregnancy is indicated in high risk pregnancies such as (DM). It is a highly sensitive and specific method for diagnosis of CHD antenatally, which is very important step in decision making regarding where and when to carry out the delivery.
Rising trend and indications of caesarean section at the university of Maiduguri teaching hospital, Nigeria; Objective: To determine the trend and indications for the use of caesarean delivery in our environment. Method: A retrospective review of the caesarean sections performed at University of Maiduguri Teaching Hospital from January 2000 to December 2005 inclusive. Results: During the study period, there were 10,097 deliveries and 1192 caesarean sections giving a caesarean section rate of 11.8%. The major maternal indications were cephalopelvic disproportion (15.5%), previous caesarean section (14.7%), eclampsia (7.2%), failed induction of labor (5.5%), and placenta previa (5.1%). Fetal distress (9.6%), breech presentation (4.7%), fetal macrosomia (4.3%), and pregnancy complicated by multiple fetuses (4.2%) were the major fetal indications. The caesarean section rate showed a steady increase over the years (7.20% in 2000-13.95% in 2005), but yearly analysis of the demographic characteristics, type of caesarean section, and the major indications did not reveal any consistent changes to account for the rising trend except for the increasing frequency of fetal distress as an indication of caesarean section over the years, which was also not statistically significant (χ[2] =8.08; P=0.12). The overall perinatal mortality in the study population was found to be 72.7/1000 birth and despite the rising rate of caesarean section, the perinatal outcomes did not improve over the years. Conclusion : Trial of vaginal birth after caesarean section in appropriate cases and use of cardiotocography for continuous fetal heart rate monitoring in labor with confirmation of suspected fetal distress through fetal blood acid - base study are recommended. A prospective study may reveal some of the other reasons for the increasing caesarean section rate.
Expression of apolipoprotein M in fetal liver: Impact of maternal diabetes; Apolipoprotein M (apoM) is mainly associated with HDL in plasma of adults, and expressed in whole mouse embryos from embryonic day 10. Others have reported that apoM expression may be suppressed in diabetes. In this study, we explored the expression of apoM in fetal liver and plasma and the putative impact of maternal diabetes. ApoM mRNA expression was examined in livers of mouse embryos with normal or diabetic mothers (i.e. AKITA mice). The blood glucose was 9.1±1.0 μM in AKITA mothers compared to 5.0±0.4 μM in controls. The hepatic apoM mRNA expression in 16-19 day old mouse embryos was 106±5 and 132±9 arb.units in embryos with AKITA and normal mothers, respectively (p=0.01). Among embryos with AKITA mothers there was a negative association between maternal glucose concentration and fetal hepatic apoM mRNA expression (r=-0.63,p=0.02). To assess fetal plasma apoM concentrations and the impact of maternal diabetes on apoM expression in humans, plasma apoM concentration was measured with ELISA in umbilical cord blood from 29 infants where the mother had type I diabetes and 18 control infants. There was no difference in plasma apoM concentration between infants of mothers with type I diabetes and controls. The umbilical cord plasma apoM concentration was on average ∼88 % of that in a pool of plasma from healthy adults although the cord plasma HDL concentration is only ∼50 % of that in adult plasma. Thus, the data suggest that apoM is highly expressed in the fetal liver. Even though, type I diabetes decreases hepatic apoM gene expression in mice, plasma apoM concentration is generally not affected in children with insulin-treated diabetic mothers.
The association of homocysteine and vitamins with preeclampsia in pregnancy; Introduction: Preeclampsia is a disease with worldwide significance to mothers and infants. Preeclampsia etiology is elusive and theories abound regarding its pathogenesis. Recently homocysteine, has been postulated to produce oxidative stress and endothelial cell dysfunction, alterations associated with preeclampsia. The lack of folate, B6 vitamin, B12 vitamin is also related to hyperhomocysteinemia. Article Review: Hypertensive disease is a significant cause of maternal and fetal/neonatal morbidity and mortality. Preeclampsia is a disease with worldwide significance to mothers and infants. Its greatest impact is in developing countries, where it accounts for 20-80% of the strikingly increased maternal mortality. However, even in developed countries there is a major effect, primarily on the fetus. Recently homocysteine, has been postulated to produce oxidative stress and endothelial cell dysfunction, alterations associated with preeclampsia. The lack of enzymes added to the homocysteine metabolism or the cofactors necessary for its metabolism (folate, B6 vitamin, B12 vitamin) cause hyperhomocysteinemia. There is increasing support that supplementation of specific vitamins, minerals and w-3 fatty acids can have a positive impact on maternal health in terms of prevention of preeclampsia, miscarriage, preterm birth, low birthweight, gestational diabetes and also on the long-term health of the baby. Conclusion: Identifying the association of homocysteine and vitamins with preeclampsia in pregnancy is effective for concentrating on preventing preeclampsia and related mortality and morbidity.
Importance of gene - Environment interactions in the etiology of selected birth defects; It is generally understood that both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the highly complex etiology of structural birth defects, including neural tube defects, oral clefts and congenital heart defects, by disrupting highly regulated embryonic developmental processes. The intrauterine environment of the developing embryo/fetus is determined by maternal factors such as health/disease status, lifestyle, medication, exposure to environmental teratogens, as well as the maternal genotype. Certain genetic characteristics of the embryo/fetus also predispose it to developmental abnormalities. Epidemiologic and animal studies conducted over the last few decades have suggested that the interplay between genes and environmental factors underlies the etiological heterogeneity of these defects. It is now widely believed that the study of gene-environment interactions will lead to better understanding of the biological mechanisms and pathological processes that contribute to the development of complex birth defects. It is only through such an understanding that more efficient measures will be developed to prevent these severe, costly and often deadly defects. In this review, we attempt to summarize the complex clinical and experimental literature on current hypotheses of interactions between several select environmental factors and those genetic pathways in which they are most likely to have significant modifying effects. These include maternal folate nutritional status, maternal diabetes/obesity-related conditions, and maternal exposure to selected medications and environmental contaminants. Our goal is to highlight the potential gene-environment interactions affecting early embryogenesis that deserve comprehensive study. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Specific local cardiovascular changes of nε-(carboxymethyl) lysine, vascular endothelial growth factor, and smad2 in the developing embryos coincide with maternal diabetes-induced congenital heart defects; OBJECTIVE-Embryos exposed to a diabetic environment in utero have an increased risk to develop congenital heart malformations. The mechanism behind the teratogenicity of diabetes still remains enigmatic. Detrimental effects of glycation products in diabetic patients have been well documented. We therefore studied a possible link between glycation products and the development of congenital cardiovascular malformations. Furthermore, we investigated other possible mechanisms involved in this pathogenesis: alterations in the levels of vascular endo- thelial growth factor (VEGF) or phosphorylated Smad2 (the latter can be induced by both glycation products and VEGF). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We examined the temporal spatial patterning of the glycation products Ne(carboxymethyl)lysine (CML) and methylglyoxal (MG) ad- ducts, VEGF expression, and phosphorylated Smad2 during cardiovascular development in embryos from normal and diabetic rats. RESULTS-Maternal diabetes increased the CML accumulation in the areas susceptible to diabetes-induced congenital heart disease, including the outflow tract of the heart and the aortic arch. No MG adducts could be detected, suggesting that CML is more likely to be indicative for increased oxidative stress than for glycation. An increase of CML in the outflow tract of the heart was accompanied by an increase in phosphorylated Smad2, unrelated to VEGF. VEGF showed a time-specific decrease in the outflow tract of embryos from diabetic dams. CONCLUSIONS-From our results, we can conclude that maternal diabetes results in transient and localized alterations in CML, VEGF expression, and Smad2 phosphorylation overlapping with those regions of the developing heart that are most sensitive to diabetes-induced congenital heart disease. © 2009 by the American Diabetes Association.
High saturated fat diet induces gestational diabetes and placental vasculopathy in C57BL/6J mice; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder of mid-to late-pregnancy that impairs fetal formation and increases risk of maternal type 2 diabetes, Adult consumption of fast food (high fat diet; HFD) has been linked to increased risk of multisystem diseases, and is believed to contribute to poor pregnancy outcome. However, the rote of gestational HFD in risk of GDM and fetal malformation is incompletely understood, Animal models of diabetes during pregnancy are crucial to help us more completely understand the pathophysiologic aspects of human GDM; however, currently available animal models do not closely reflect the human condition of GDM, The present study endeavors to develop a mouse model using HFD that closely simulates the common metabolic abnormalities seen in human GDM. This model will then be used to explore effects of HFD and resulting oxidative stress (OS) on placental vascular formation, as a putative explanation for HFD-induced fetal malformation, Additionally, this model will be used to explore potential benefits of dietary antioxidants to reduce adverse effects of HFD and GDM. In this study, female C57BU6J mice were fed a specially formulated rodent chow containing maeronutrients mimicking typical fast food (including 32.1% saturated fat), for 4 weeks prior to breeding and throughout pregnancy. Female body weight, blood glucose, and non-fasting plasma insulin levels were recorded before and after HFD treatment and during pregnancy at gestational days 0, 10, 19, and compared with females fed standard rodent chow, GD19 placental weight and placental OS were also measured, and placental vasculopathy was evaluated by histopaihological analysis and CD31 immunofluoresence staining of endothelium. HFD significantly increased body weight, blood glucose and plasma insulin compared with control, and those dams developed clinical signs of GDM during pregnancy Additionally, GD19 placental weight of HFD-GDM dams was decreased proportionately to increased placental OS, with decreased viability of trophoblasts and endothelial cells. Reduced CD31 immunofluorescence staining intensity supported HFD-induced placental vasculopathy. Quereetin antioxidant supplementation reduced HFD-induced hyperglycemia, insulin resistance and placental vasculopathy, Taken together, our study suggests that murine gestational HFD increases risk of GDM and placental damage, and quercetion supplementation may reduce these risks.
Maternal transmission of type 2 diabetes in greek diabetic subjects; Results: It is known that familial history is a major risk factor for the developing of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Previous studies in different racial groups have reported higher prevalence of diabetes among mothers of subjects with T2DM than among fathers. However, the literature data regarding our country are limited. Therefore, we contacted the present study in order to examine the existence of maternal transmission of T2DM in Greek diabetic subjects. A total of 1,153 subjects with T2DM were recruited. All patients (547 men / 606 women, mean age ± SD: 67.3 ± 11.7 years, duration of T2DM ± SD: 13.4 ± 9.1 years) underwent standardized clinical and laboratory investigations. Study subjects answered a questionnaire about familial history of T2DM (mother, father, siblings). Of the study patients, 52.7% reported at least one first-degree affected familial member, 32.5% of the patients reported only a diabetic mother compared to 16.9% who reported only a diabetic father (x2= 118.25, P<0.001). 4.2% of the study subjects presented with both parents and 9.6% with siblings with T2DM. Subjects with maternal history of T2DM showed a higher frequency of nephropathy than individuals with paternal history (4.7% versus 0.8%, respectively, P=0.04). On the contrary, subjects with paternal history showed higher frequency of hypertension than individuals with maternal history (71.4% versus 60.1%, respectively, P=0.03). The study groups did not differ in terms of age at T2DM diagnosis and HbA1 c levels, presence of coronary disease, retinopathy and dyslipidemia, regarding their maternal or paternal history of T2DM. The present study showed that there is a significant maternal effect in the transmission of T2DM in Greek diabetic subjects. Individuals with maternal transmission of T2DM showed higher frequency of nephropathy and lower frequency of hypertension than individuals with paternal history of T2DM.
A prospective study of pre-gravid consumption of fruits and vegetables and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus; Results: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is among the most common complications of pregnancy in the United States. However, few modifiable risk factors for GDM have been identified. The objective of this study was to prospectively examine whether pre-gravid consumption of fruits, fruit juices, and vegetables are related to the risk of GDM. The analyses included 13,475 women from a large U.S. cohort. Study participants were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type II diabetes and history of GDM at baseline in 1989, completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1991 and 2001. GDM was self-reported and validated by medical records review in a sub-sample. The dietary information was collected every 4 years and the cumulative average intake of fruits, fruit juices, and vegetables before pregnancy was used to represent long-term consumption. Cox proportional hazards models were applied to examine the association of fruit and vegetable consumption with GDM risk. During the follow-up, 860 incident GDM cases were identified. After adjusting for age, race, parity, physical activity, smoking, alcohol intake, pre-pregnancy BMI, and total energy intake, the relative risks (RR) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) across lowest to highest quintile of whole fruits consumption were 1.00 (referent), 0.76 (0.62, 0.93), 0.82 (0.66, 1.00), 0.70 (0.56, 0.87), and 0.79 (0.63, 0.99) (P for linear trend = 0.07). Among specific fruits, intake of apples was significantly and inversely associated with GDM risk, multivariate adjusted RR (95% CI) comparing the highest to lowest quintile was 0.73 (0.59, 0.92) (P = 0.004 for trend). RRs and 95% CIs for fruit juices across quintiles were 1.00 (referent), 0.83 (0.67, 1.02), 0.75 (0.61, .93), 0.79 (0.64, 0.97), and 0.90 (0.73, 1.11) (P for linear trend = 0.39). Consumption of total vegetables or each subgroup of vegetables was not associated with GDM. In conclusion, pre-pregnancy higher consumption of whole fruits and moderate consumption of fruit juices may be associated with lower risk of GDM.
The role of recurrence of gestational diabetes (GDM) on long-term maternal glucose tolerance and cardiovascular risk; Results: There is ongoing discussion about the role of recurrent GDM as a risk factor for the development of overt diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes (pGDM). Furthermore it is unknown if metabolic stress during a GDM pregnancy accelerates subclinical inflammation and endothelial dysfunction, further predisposing these women for cardiovascular disease. The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of recurrent GDM on glucose metabolism, subclinical inflammation and endothelial dysfunction within an observational period of 5 years after an initial pregnancy with GDM. Therefore 20 pGDM with recurrent GDM within 5 years after an index pregnancy with GDM (recGDM) were compared to 24 pGDM without an additional pregnancy (pGDM). Metabolic parameters (i.e. OGIS=insulin sensitivity, dynTIS=dynamic-insulin-secretion) were derived from plasma concentrations of glucose, insulin and c-peptide during an oral glucose tolerance test, performed at baseline (6 months after the index pregnancy) and 5 years thereafter. Besides, parameters of subclincal inflammation (hsCRP, TNF-alpha, IL-6, fibrinogen) and endothelial dysfunction (VCAM-1, ICAM-1, ELAM) and leptin plasma concentrations were analysed. There was no difference between the 2 groups (recGDM, pGDM) concerning age, BMI, metabolic parameters and glucose tolerance at baseline as well as 5 years thereafter. Also parameters of subclinical inflammation and endothelial dysfunction showed no difference between the groups. However, 25% of women in both groups had a deterioration of glucose tolerance within these 5 years. These 25% (detGDM) were compared to pGDM who could maintain glucose tolerance (conGDM). detGDM showed significant decrease of insulin sensitivity and significant increase of insulin secretion, moreover a significant increase in BMI, leptin and hsCRP while no changes of endothelial dysfunction parameters were observed. In summary, recurrence of GDM was not associated with an increased risk for metabolic deterioration and acceleration of subclinical inflammation. Hence, weight gain and subclinical inflammation seem to be major risk factors for the development of overt diabetes in pGDM.
Reduced renal reserve in non-diabetic adults exposed in utero to maternal type 1 diabetes; Results: Experimental animal studies support that fetuses exposed to hyperglycemia display reduced angiogenesis and later impaired kidney function in adulthood. We tested if such a phenomenon could be observed on humans by studying renal microcirculation of non-diabetic Offspring from Type 1 Diabetic Mothers (OT1DM) compared to similar subjects born from Type 1 Diabetic Fathers (OT1DF). As Renal Reserve is a surrogate marker of nephron number and renal vasculature, we measured simultaneously Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR, 51Cr-EDTA clearance), Effective Renal Plasma Flow (ERPF, 123.I-Hippurate clearance), Mean Arterial Pressure (MAP, Dynamap®) and calculated Filtration Fraction (FF = GFR / ERPF), and Renal Vascular Resistances (RVR = MAP / ERPF), both at baseline, and during Amino Acid (AA) infusion. The OT1DM (n = 19) and OT1DF (n =18) were similar for age (median 27 (range 18 - 41) vs 26 (18 -37) years), sex ratio ( 14 F / 5 M vs 9 F / 9 M), BMI ( 23.1 ± 3.7 vs 22.6 ± 2.3 Kg/m2),and birth weight ( 3288 ± 550 vs 3440 ± 489 g). As expected, GFR and ERPF increased and RVR decreased after AA infusion in OT1DF, while these changes were not observed in OT1DM.(Table Persented) Fetal exposure to maternal T1D is associated with Reduced Renal Reserve (as assessed by comparative changes in GFR, ERPF and RVR) which may reflect a reduced number of nephrons and/or reduced renal microvascularisation. Thus, offspring of T1D mothers may be predisposed to glomerular and cardiovascular diseases later in life.
Using the diabetes prevention program lifestyle curriculum to reduce cardiometabolic risk; Results: The intensive lifestyle intervention used in the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) not only prevented diabetes but reduced CVD risk factors. In 2008 the Montana Diabetes Project (MDP) funded and trained lifestyle coaches from 4 health care facilities to implement the 16 week DPP core curriculum for groups followed by 6 monthly sessions. Adults (N = 355) at high risk for diabetes and CVD were recruited. Participants obtained medical clearance from their primary care physicians and were eligible if they were overweight and had one or more additional factors: pre-diabetes, a history of gestational diabetes or delivery of a baby > 9lbs, hypertension, low HDL for gender or TG > 200 mg/dl. At entry participants were formally assessed as ready to make changes in their diet and physical activity levels and signed a contract indicating their willingness to participate. Participants set targets to reduce fat intake, increase physical activity (>150 minutes per week) and achieve 7% weight loss. Of the 355 participants enrolled 293 (83%) completed the 16-week core curriculum. The mean age of participants was 53.6 ± SD 9.7, 20% were male, and mean BMI at baseline was 35.9 kg/m ± 6.5. At the end of the core curriculum, participants completing the program lost an average of 6.7 ± 4.0 kg or 6.7% of initial body weight (p <0.0001). Forty-five percent achieved the 7% weight loss goal and 67 percent achieved 5% weight loss. In multivariate analysis, factors independently associated with achieving the 7% weight loss goal were: age >60 years, physician diagnosis of hypertension, increased frequency of dietary fat self-monitoring, and having met the physical activity goal. Weight loss was similar across all 4 sites, and there were no differences in achieved weight loss between the 2 sites charging a modest fee (or provided a scholarship) for participation compared to those who did not. It was feasible to identify, recruit and retain participants at high risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease in a 16 week DPP group lifestyle intervention. Diabetes educators were effective lifestyle coaches and participants achieved short term weight loss and activity goals comparable to those achieved in the DPP.
Increasing disease burden of type 2 diabetes mellitus among chinese in Taiwan: An analysis of the database of national health insurance claims in 1999-2004; Results: Due to the genetic vulnerability and rapid westernization of diet and lifestyle a dramatic increase of type 2 diabetes (T2DM) prevalence and incidence is expected among the Chinese population living in Mainland China, Taiwan, and HongKong. However, there was a paucity of population-based data examining the national estimate in the T2DM disease burden in the Chinese population. Using the Taiwan National Health Insurance claims data, we aimed to evaluate the trends of incidence and prevalence of T2DM and rates of newly diagnosed micro- and macro-vascular adverse outcomes among Chinese in Taiwan during 1999-2004. Patients were classified as having diabetes if they had ≥1 hospital admission with a diagnostic code of diabetes (ICD-9-CM code 250) or ≥3 outpatient visits with diabetic diagnostic code (code 250 or A code A181) within a year. After excluding potential type 1 diabetes (3%), gestational diabetes only (0.3%), and those with incorrect age and gender information (0.2%), a total of 754,180 men and 729,305 women with T2DM were included. Prevalence increased in both genders and all age groups. Between 1999 and 2004 overall prevalence increased by 56% for men and by 46% for women respectively with the highest growth among those aged<40 and >80 by approximate 50%. Furthermore, incidence of T2DM significantly increased by 33% for men aged<40 and a non-significant increasing trend of 17% for women aged <40 despite a modest decrease in incidence for those aged≥40. We found an increasing trend in rate of newly diagnosed severe cardiovascular disease and renal disease for both men and women although no significant change for stroke, peripheral vascular disease and eye disease during the study period. This population-based study demonstrated that there has been a substantial increasing trend in T2DM disease burden during 1999-2004 among Chinese in Taiwan, in particular a remarkable increase of incidence in young male individuals. Although intensive monitoring and aggressive management of diabetes have become more widespread, incidences of severe cardiovascular disease and renal disease among T2DM patients are still increasing.
Serum levels of adipocyte fatty acid binding protein are increased in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Adipocyte fatty acid binding protein (AFABP) was recently introduced as a novel adipokine, serum levels of which independently correlate with the development of the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease in humans. In the current study, we investigated serum concentrations of AFABP in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) as compared with healthy pregnant controls matched for gestational age and fasting insulin. Design and methods: AFABP was determined by ELISA in controls (n=80) and GDM patients (n=40) and correlated to clinical and biochemical measures of renal function, glucose and lipid metabolism, as well as inflammation, in both groups. Results: Median serum AFABP concentrations were significantly elevated in subjects with GDM (22.9 μg/l) as compared with healthy pregnant controls (18.3 μg/l; P<0.05). Furthermore, GDM was independently associated with AFABP concentrations in multiple regression analysis (P<0.05). In addition, markers of adiposity (body mass index, serum leptin), triglycerides and serum creatinine were independently associated with circulating AFABP (P<0.05). Conclusions: Maternal AFABP concentrations are significantly increased in GDM. The adipokine might contribute to the increased metabolic and cardiovascular risk of the disease. © 2009 European Society of Endocrinology.
Indications for induction of labour: A best-evidence review; Background Rates of labour induction are increasing. Objectives To review the evidence supporting indications for induction. Search strategy We listed indications for labour induction and then reviewed the evidence. We searched MEDLINE and the Cochrane Library between 1980 and April 2008 using several terms and combinations, including induction of labour, premature rupture of membranes, post-term pregnancy, preterm prelabour rupture of membranes (PROM), multiple gestation, suspected macrosomia, diabetes, gestational diabetes mellitus, cardiac disease, fetal anomalies, systemic lupus erythematosis, oligohydramnios, alloimmunization, rhesus disease, intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (IHCP), and intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR). We performed a review of the literature supporting each indication. Selection criteria We identified 1387 abstracts and reviewed 418 full text articles. We preferentially included high-quality systematic reviews or large randomised trials. Where no such studies existed, we included the best evidence available from smaller randomised trials and observational studies. Main results We included 34 full text articles. For each indication, we assigned levels of evidence and grades of recommendation based upon the GRADE system. Recommendations for induction of labour for post-term gestation, PROM at term, and premature rupture of membranes near term with pulmonary maturity are supported by the evidence. Induction for IUGR before term reduces intrauterine fetal death, but increases caesarean deliveries and neonatal deaths. Evidence is insufficient to support induction for women with insulin-requiring diabetes, twin gestation, fetal macrosomia, oligohydramnios, cholestasis of pregnancy, maternal cardiac disease and fetal gastroschisis. Authors' conclusions Research is needed to determine risks and benefits of induction for many commonly advocated clinical indications. © RCOG 2009 BJOG An International Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.
Single-embryo transfer versus multiple-embryo transfer; Despite the progress made in assisted reproductive technology, live birth rates remain disappointingly low. Multiple-embryo transfer has been an accepted practice with which to increase the success rate. This has led to a higher incidence of multiple-order births compared with natural conception, which not only increase the risk of mortality and morbidity to both mother and children but are also associated with social and economic consenquences. Elective single-embryo transfer (eSET) was developed in an effort to increase singleton pregnancies in assisted reproduction. Studies comparing eSET with multiple-embryo transfer highlight the benefit of this approach and suggest that, with careful patient selection and the transfer of good-quality embryos, the risk of a multiple-order pregnancy can be reduced without significantly decreasing live birth rates. Although the use of eSET has gradually increased in clinical practice, its acceptance has been limited by factors such as availability of funding and awareness of the procedure. An open discussion of eSET is warranted in an effort to enable a broader understanding by physicians and patients of the merits of this approach. Ultimately, eSET may provide a more cost-effective, potentially safer approach to patients undergoing assisted reproduction technology. © 2009 Published by Reproductive Healthcare Ltd.
Diabetes in the Caribbean: Trouble in paradise; Background: Many developing countries, including countries of the English-speaking Caribbean, are undergoing an epidemiologic transition and experiencing rapid increases in the prevalence of diabetes. Objectives: This article examines the epidemiology of diabetes, the types of diabetes, the etiologic factors and complications of diabetes, and the public health burden associated with diabetes in the Caribbean. Methods: An extensive PubMed literature search was conducted for the period 1951 to 2008 using the search terms diabetes, glucose intolerance, Caribbean, Jamaica, Barbados, Trinidad, Bahamas, Guyana, and the names of all the other English-speaking Caribbean countries. Results: Four hundred articles were identified in the literature search. Of these, 131 original articles were selected for inclusion in this review. Prevalence rates for diabetes ranged from 11% to 18% of the population in several countries. The prevalence of atypical diabetes (ketosis-prone diabetes) may be declining because of increases in the proportions of the population with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Ecologic studies show an east-to-west gradient from West Africa to the Caribbean for obesity and obesity-related diseases. The steep increase in the prevalence of obesity and the increase in sedentarism in Caribbean societies are the main risk factors driving the diabetes epidemic. The roles of early-life origins (specifically, in infants with low birth weight and rapid catch-up growth and/or macrosomic infants) and genetic factors await further clarification in this population. Diabetic foot, nephropathy, and stroke are common complications. Conclusions: In the English-speaking Caribbean, diabetes is a major public health burden that threatens the gross domestic product of these developing island nations. Macroeconomic initiatives are needed to start the combat against diabetes. © 2009 Excerpta Medica Inc. All rights reserved.
Risks and management of obesity in pregnancy: Current controversies; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To explore recent developments in obesity-related topics of interest and importance to obstetricians. Specifically addressed are the impact of gestational weight gain on perinatal risk, the increased risk of congenital anomalies in offspring, developmental origins of health and disease in offspring, and reproductive issues following bariatric surgery. RECENT FINDINGS: Limiting maternal weight gain in obese women to less than 15 lb may favorably attenuate perinatal risk (macrosomia, cesarean delivery, preeclampsia) but increase risk for small-for-gestational-age newborns. Obese women are at significantly increased risk for offspring to develop open neural tube defects and congenital heart disease as well as other anomalies. Impaired sonographic visualization in this population may impede prenatal diagnosis of these serious birth defects. Intrauterine nutritional overabundance may cue adaptive fetal responses predisposing to childhood and adult obesity as well as the metabolic syndrome. Bariatric surgery, the only effective treatment for morbid obesity, causes lifelong physiologic and anatomic changes associated with significant reproductive implications. Procedures can predispose to caloric and micronutrient deficiencies, improved fertility and fecundity, and late surgical complications. Pregnancy outcomes are typically similar to those of women without previous bariatric surgery and better than those of untreated morbidly obese women. SUMMARY: Obesity and its surgical treatment are associated with lifelong health implications for the mother as well as her offspring. An appreciation of these obesity-related reproductive issues is critical for optimal care of this growing segment of the female population. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Offspring of diabetic pregnancy: Long-term outcomes; Diabetes in pregnancy has been shown to induce long-term effects in offspring. While considerable attention is focused on the increased incidence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in adult offspring from diabetic mothers, cardiovascular alterations, including hypertension, are also part of lifelong consequences of in-utero exposure to increased glucose concentrations. This review examines the epidemiologic and mechanistic issues involved in the developmental programming of long-term consequences in offspring of diabetic mothers, with a particular emphasis on the renal and vascular mechanisms of hypertension. The factors of increased incidence of T2DM and of obesity in adults born after exposure to diabetes during pregnancy are also discussed, as evidence is accumulating that a vicious circle involving lifelong consequences of diabetes in pregnancy in offspring contributes to the current worldwide epidemic of T2DM. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Tricuspid atresia and tetralogy of fallot in an infant of a diabetic mother; An infant of a diabetic mother with a prenatal diagnosis of tetralogy of Fallot and tricuspid atresia is presented. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this is the first report of such an association. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
GDM: Maternal risks at follow-up; Metabolic disturbances of GDM are responsible of increased morbidity for both the mother and the offspring. At short term, new onset hypertension and pre-eclampsia may be present in advanced pregnancy. Adverse perinatal outcome is explained by the continuous relationship between maternal blood glucose levels and the risk of fetal morbidity. At long term, the woman may experience GDM recurrence, progression to IGT/DM, hypertension, metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease. For the offspring, increased risk of obesity, IGT, and DM have been recognized. Between 1992 and 1996, a total of 1523 diabetic pregnancies (including 1290 cases of GDM) were attended at the Diabetes and Pregnancy Clinic at our Center. Women underwent an intensive therapy program, which followed the recommendations of the ACOG. Mean weight gain for the whole pregnancy was 9.5 kg; 66% of women required insulin treatment for at least sometime. Maternal and fetal outcomes for pregestational and gestational diabetes, as well as non-diabetic pregnancies attended during the same period, are presented for comparison. We have also investigated the relationship of potential predictors with the risk of congenital malformations (CM) in a cohort of more than 2000 infants of mothers with GDM. The CM rate was 6% for minor and 3.8% for major malformations (1,4 % heart; 0.8% renal/urinary; 0.7% skeketal; 0.3% hypospadias; 0.2% central nervous system; 0.2% cleft/lip/palate; 0.1% digestive tract; 0.3% others). The bivariate analysis showed a higher rate for CM with increasing fasting blood glucose (FBG). A positive relationship was observed regarding previous hyperglycemia, prepregnancy BMI, lower gestational age at diagnosis, number of abnormal blood glucose values in both the diagnostic and postpartum OGTT, and higher HbA1c at diagnosis. The logistic regression analysis identified the following predictors of CM : 4 abnormal values in the diagnostic OGTT, and/or overt diabetes during pregnancy (odds ratio, 4.93). By the forward analysis, pre-pregnancy BMI was the single predictor of major CM (positive association). Gestational age at diagnosis presented a negative association. Specific associations with distinct congenital lesion will be discussed. We have also investigated the influence of early presentation of hyperglycemia in pregnancy. The study include 2.049 offsprings; pregnancies were classified into 3 groups, according to the gestational age at the time of diagnosis. Pregnancy induced hypertension more commonly appeared at the second period. Need of insulin therapy and cesarean section rates increased with earlier GDM diagnosis.Regarding fetal outcomes, gestational age was associated with 6/11 parameters of morbidity (Apgar score, perinatal mortality, major malformations, hyperbilirrubinemia, respiratory distress, prematurity). We have performed a prospective follow up research protocol after partum in a group of 982 women and 70 control pregnancies. In the GDM group, cumulative risk for diabetes/abnormal glucose tolerance (AGT) was 13.8 and 42.4%, respectively after 11 years, compared with 0 and 2.8% in controls (p< 0.05). Five women (11.4% of all diabetes cases) presented with classical DM-1A. Multiple regression and ROC were investigated, and independent predictors were identified. The risk of developing the metabolic syndrome (MS) was also analysed in a prospective follow-up of a cohort of 262 women with previous GDM and a control group of 66 healthy women. We estimated insulin sensitivity and secretion with HOMA. Main Conclusions: 1) Prevention of adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes in GDM are based in acheiving maternal blood glucose as close to normal as possible. Precise glycemic thresholds remain undetermined. 2) Prepregnancy BMI, duration and severity of maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy, are most important predictors of the progression to abnormal glucose tolerance/diabetes in the follow up. 3) In GDM, severity of hyperglycemia and prepregnancy BMI are predictors of CM. BMI is the main predictor of most prevalent malformations. 4) Earlier diagnosis of GDM is associated with a less favorable outcome, specially for the newborn 5) SGA neonates from pregnancies of gestational diabetic women receiving intensive therapy, depicted increased risk for adverse outcomes. 6) Women with former GDM have similar sensitivity but lower insulin secretion and disposition index than controls. 7) Age and insulin resistance (defined as HOMA index) are predictors of the metabolic syndrome, being marginal the contribution of former GDM.
Sympathetic activity in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a pre-diabetic state. Cardiac sympathetic dysfunction seen as decreased heart rate variability (HRV) is already present in early stages of diabetes, and reduced HRV is seen in women with a history of GDM one year after pregnancy. We determined serum norepinephrine (NE) levels in 40 non-smoking pregnant women with GDM, 22 healthy pregnant controls and 14 healthy non-pregnant women at midnight, 4 and 7 óclock, and peformed an overnight Holter-ECG recording to assess cardiac autonomic acitivity. In the GDM group and pregnant controls, the mean NE level increased from 24h to 7h (p< 0.001 and p=0.002 respectively) whereas in the non-pregnant controls, the mean NE level decreased (p=0.019). Non-pregnant controls showed lower heart rates than either of the pregnant groups. In HRV analysis SDNN, SDANN, VLF and LF were significantly higher in non-pregnant controls than in both pregnant groups (p=0.000005, 0.000004, 0.000218 and 0.000057, respectively). LF-to-HF ratio was similar between the study groups. GDM and normal pregnant group showed similar values in HRV analysis. In conclusion, pregnant women show an early morning activation of SNS as measured in NE values. This could happen at renal and/or muscular level as at cardiac level pregnant women show no excess sympathetic activity as measured in HRV. Physiological amounts of NE have been demonstrated to evoke inhibitory feed-back mechanism in sympathetic activation of the heart possibly explaining the lack of elevated LF-to-HF ratio in pregnant groups. GDM, contrary to preeclampsia, seems not to be a state of sympathetic overactivity.
Role of iron deficiency and overload in the pathogenesis of diabetes and diabetic complications; Iron is one of the essential minerals that are required for a variety of molecules to maintain their normal structures and functions and for cells to live, grow, and proliferate. The homeostasis of iron results from a tightly coordinated regulation by different proteins involved in uptake, excretion and intracellular storage/trafficking. Although it is essential, iron can also be toxic once in excess amounts. Through Fenton reaction, iron as a transit mineral can generate various reactive oxygen or nitrogen species; therefore, abnormal metabolism of iron can lead to several chronic pathogenesis. Oxidative stress is one of the major causative factors for diabetes and diabetic complications. Increasing evidence has indicated that iron overload not only increases risks of insulin resistance and diabetes, but also causes cardiovascular diseases in non-diabetic and diabetic subjects. Temporal iron deficiency was found to sensitize insulin action, but chronic iron deficiency with anemia can accelerate the development of cardiovascular diseases in non-diabetic and diabetic patients. In this review, therefore, we will first outline iron homeostasis, function, and toxicity, and then mainly summarize the data regarding the roles of iron deficiency and overload in the pathogenesis of diabetes and diabetic complications, as well as the possible links of iron to diabetes and diabetic complications. In the end, the possible therapy using iron chelators for diabetes and diabetic complications will also be discussed. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Tetralogy of Fallot; Tetralogy of Fallot is a congenital cardiac malformation that consists of an interventricular communication, also known as a ventricular septal defect, obstruction of the right ventricular outflow tract, override of the ventricular septum by the aortic root, and right ventricular hypertrophy. This combination of lesions occurs in 3 of every 10,000 live births, and accounts for 710% of all congenital cardiac malformations. Patients nowadays usually present as neonates, with cyanosis of varying intensity based on the degree of obstruction to flow of blood to the lungs. The aetiology is multifactorial, but reported associations include untreated maternal diabetes, phenylketonuria, and intake of retinoic acid. Associated chromosomal anomalies can include trisomies 21, 18, and 13, but recent experience points to the much more frequent association of microdeletions of chromosome 22. The risk of recurrence in families is 3%. Useful diagnostic tests are the chest radiograph, electrocardiogram, and echocardiogram. The echocardiogram establishes the definitive diagnosis, and usually provides sufficient information for planning of treatment, which is surgical. Approximately half of patients are now diagnosed antenatally. Differential diagnosis includes primary pulmonary causes of cyanosis, along with other cyanotic heart lesions, such as critical pulmonary stenosis and transposed arterial trunks. Neonates who present with ductal-dependent flow to the lungs will receive prostaglandins to maintain ductal patency until surgical intervention is performed. Initial intervention may be palliative, such as surgical creation of a systemic-to-pulmonary arterial shunt, but the trend in centres of excellence is increasingly towards neonatal complete repair. Centres that undertake neonatal palliation will perform the complete repair at the age of 4 to 6 months. Follow-up in patients born 30 years ago shows a rate of survival greater than 85%. Chronic issues that now face such adults include pulmonary regurgitation, recurrence of pulmonary stenosis, and ventricular arrhythmias. As the strategies for surgical and medical management have progressed, the morbidity and mortality of those born with tetralogy of Fallot in the current era is expected to be significantly improved.
Generalized arterial calcification of infancy: Phenotypic spectrum among three siblings including one case without obvious arterial calcifications; Generalized arterial calcification of infancy (GACI) (OMIM no. 208000) is characterized by calcification of the major arteries and soft tissues and associated with mutations in the ENPP1 gene. Most affected patients die within the first 6 months of life although prolonged survival is increasingly recognized. We report on three siblings with GACI and striking phenotypic variability. Two siblings (including the sibling survivor) were compound heterozygotes for mutations in exon 7 (c.783C>G (p.Y261X)) and exon 8 (c. 878-879delAA (p.K293fsX5)) of the ENPP1 gene confirming the diagnosis of GACI. The sibling survivor did not have calcification on X-ray studies or evidence of hypophosphatemic rickets. GACI may be under recognized and we emphasize consideration of this condition in patients with multiple arterial stenosis even in the absence of radiographic calcification. This adds to the expanding phenotype of GACI and supports a potential role for modifying genes. © 2009 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Antioxidant responses in fetal endothelial cells isolated from gestational diabetic pregnancies: Impaired redox signaling and Nrf2/are mediated induction of NQO1; Gestational diabetes (GDM), defined as glucose intolerance during pregnancy, increases the risk of type 2 diabetes and endothelial dysfunction in offspring (Buchanan et al., 2005). We previously reported that GDM is associated with altered fetal endothelial signaling (Sobrevia et al., 1995). As an impaired redox balance contributes to endothelial dysfunction and the development of diabetes (Thomas et al, 2008), we hypothesize that comprised antioxidant defenses against oxidative stress in fetal endothelium contribute to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease in later life. In the current study, we have examined basal and 4-hydroxynonenal (HNE) induced expression of NAD(P)H quinine oxidoreductase-1 (NQO1), a phase II defense enzyme regulated by the redox sensitive transcription factor Nrf2. NQO1expression and Nrf2 nuclear translocation were correlated with intracellular glutathione (GSH) levels in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVEC) isolated from normal and GDM pregnancies. HUVEC were equilibrated in M199 (1% FCS) for 4 h and then treated with HNE (20μM) for 0-24h, lyzed, then analyzed for intracellular GSH and protein levels of NQO1, Nrf2 and DJ-1. In normal HUVEC, HNE increased GSH levels (60.7 ± 10.1 to 96.8 ± 9.9 nmol/mg protein, S.E.M., n=5, p<0.05), NQO1 expression (2-fold, n=3, p<0.05) and nuclear translocation of Nrf2. These adaptive antioxidant responses were significantly abrogated in HUVEC isolated from GDM pregnancies. As GDM is associated altered maternal metabolism and endothelial function, our findings provide novel insights into the molecular mechanisms underlying altered redox signaling the fetal vasculature in gestational diabetes which may have significant implications for 'fetal programming'.
Trends in adverse maternal outcomes during childbirth: A population-based study of severe maternal morbidity; Background: Maternal mortality is too rare in high income countries to be used as a marker of the quality of maternity care. Consequently severe maternal morbidity has been suggested as a better indicator. Using the maternal morbidity outcome indicator (MMOI) developed and validated for use in routinely collected population health data, we aimed to determine trends in severe adverse maternal outcomes during the birth admission and in particular to examine the contribution of postpartum haemorrhage (PPH). Methods: We applied the MMOI to the linked birth-hospital discharge records for all women who gave birth in New South Wales, Australia from 1999 to 2004 and determined rates of severe adverse maternal outcomes. We used frequency distributions and contingency table analyses to examine the association between adverse outcomes and maternal, pregnancy and birth characteristics, among all women and among only those with PPH. Using logistic regression, we modelled the effects of these characteristics on adverse maternal outcomes. The impact of adverse outcomes on duration of hospital admission was also examined. Results: Of 500,603 women with linked birth and hospital records, 6242 (12.5 per 1,000) suffered an adverse outcome, including 22 who died. The rate of adverse maternal outcomes increased from 11.5 in 1999 to 13.8 per 1000 deliveries in 2004, an annual increase of 3.8% (95%CI 2.3-5.3%). This increase occurred almost entirely among women with a PPH. Changes in pregnancy and birth factors during the study period did not account for increases in adverse outcomes either overall, or among the subgroup of women with PPH. Among women with severe adverse outcomes there was a 12% decrease in hospital days over the study period, whereas women with no severe adverse outcome occupied 23% fewer hospital days in 2004 than in 1999. Conclusion: Severe adverse maternal outcomes associated with childbirth have increased in Australia and the increase was entirely among women who experienced a PPH. Reducing or stabilising PPH rates would halt the increase in adverse maternal outcomes. © 2009 Roberts et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Preeclampsia, dilated cardiomyopathy and renal failure as the first manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus: A case report; We report the case of a 26-year-old woman with severe renal and congestive heart failure as a primary manifestation of systemic lupus erythematosus after her premature terminated pregnancy for the symptoms of preeclampsia with HELLP syndrome. Preeclampsia, due to the similarity with SLE in many signs and symptoms, delayed the diagnosis. The importance of the renal biopsy that helped us to make a differential diagnosis in a patient with an unclear proteinuria persisting postpartum is obvious. We suggest that a diagnostic algorithm of patients suffering from preeclampsia should exclude SLE since only an early and adequate treatment can prevent irreversible organ impairment. © Clinical Rheumatology 2008.
Left atrial shortening fraction in fetuses with and without myocardial hypertrophy in diabetic pregnancies; Objective To test the hypothesis that, in diabetic pregnancies, left atrial shortening fraction (LASF) is decreased in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy, compared to those without hypertrophy and to fetuses ofnon-diabetic mothers. Methods Fetal echocardiography was performed in women with pre-existing or gestational diabetes and in non-diabetic controls between 25 weeks' gestation and term. LASF was calculated using the formula: (end- systolic diameter - end-diastolic diameter)/end-systolic diameter, and data were compared between diabetic women with and without fetal myocardial hypertrophy and controls. Results The study population comprised 53 diabetic women and 45 controls. Out of the 53 fetuses of diabetic women, 14 had myocardial hypertrophy and 39 had normal septal thickness. Gestational age at the time of examination did not differ significantly between the control group and the two diabetic subgroups (P = 0.57). Fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy presented a mean (± SD)LASFof 0.32 ± 0.11, those without myocardial hypertrophy 0.46 ± 0.12, and those of normal mothers 0.53 ± 0.09 (P < 0.001). A significant inverse linear correlation was observed between LASF and septal thickness (r = -0.51, P < 0.001). Conclusions In diabetic pregnancies, LASF is lower in fetuses with myocardial hypertrophy than it is in those without hypertrophy and in fetuses of non-diabetic women, suggesting that LASF could be a useful alternative parameter in the assessment of fetal diastolic function. Copyright © 2008 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Evidence-based and potential benefits of metformin in the polycystic ovary syndrome: A comprehensive review; Metformin is an insulin sensitizer widely used for the treatment of patients affected by type 2 diabetes mellitus. Because many women with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) are insulin resistant, metformin was introduced in clinical practice to treat these patients also. Moreover, metformin's effect has other targets beside its insulin-sensitizing action. The present review was aimed at describing all evidence-based and potential uses of metformin in PCOS patients. In particular, we will analyze the uses of metformin not only for the treatment of all PCOS-related disturbances such as menstrual disorders, anovulatory infertility, increased abortion, or complicated pregnancy risk, hyperandrogenism, endometrial, metabolic and cardiovascular abnormalities, but also for the prevention of the syndrome. Copyright © 2009 by The Endocrine Society.
Newborn fat necrosis: Case-report; Newborn fat necrosis is an unfrequent disease that compromises the adipose tissue and develops during the first weeks of life. It is characterized by reddish-purple nodules and/or plaques with a hard elastic consistency, isolated or multiple, localized at the back, shoulders, buttocks, arms, thighs and chin. They evolve spontaneously to regression and unfrequently develop complications, being hypercalcemia the most observed. The pathogenesis of newborn fat necrosis is unknown, although certain risk factors for its development have been identified. Case-report: A 36 weeks preterm male newborn with a clinical picture compatible with fat necrosis. The diagnosis was made according to the clinical findings and his perinatal history, confirming it with pathology. The patient evolution was complete improvement and regression of the lesions, without complications.
Clinical studies on chromium supplementation in diabetes mellitus; Tissue chromium levels of subjects with diabetes are lower than those of normal control subjects, and a correlation exists between low circulating levels of chromium and the incidence of type-2 diabetes. Chromium is an essential mineral that appears to have a beneficial role in the regulation of insulin action, metabolic syndrome, and cardiovascular disease. There is growing evidence that chromium may facilitate insulin signalling and chromium supplementation therefore may improve systemic insulin sensitivity. Controversy still exists as to the need for chromium supplementation. However, supplementation with chromium has been shown to reduce insulin resistance and to help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and type-2 diabetes. Since chromium supplementation is a safe treatment, further research is necessary to resolve the confounding data. Copyright © 2009 by New Century Health Publishers, LLC.
Increased fetal plasma and amniotic fluid erythropoietin concentrations: Markers of intrauterine hypoxia; Tissue hypoxia is the major stimulus of erythropoietin (EPO) synthesis in fetuses and adults. Since EPO does not cross the placenta and is not stored, fetal plasma and amniotic fluid levels indicate EPO synthesis and elimination. Acutely, the rate and magnitude of the increase in plasma EPO levels correlate with the intensity of hypoxia. Amniotic fluid EPO levels correlate with cord plasma levels in normal and abnormal pregnancies, with fetal plasma EPO levels in humans averaging 2.6 times higher than the corresponding amniotic fluid EPO levels. Recent experimental and clinical studies demonstrate that EPO has neuroprotective effects related to its anti-apoptotic and vascular growth-promoting properties. Although under basal conditions the fetal kidneys are the main site of EPO production, during hypoxia recent experimental data indicate an important role of the placenta. Amniotic fluid EPO levels have been shown to increase exponentially during fetal hypoxia in preeclamptic, diabetic and Rh-immunized pregnancies, to correlate inversely with cord blood pH, pO 2 and base excess and to predict neonatal morbidities and NICU admission. As an indicator of chronic intrauterine hypoxia, fetal EPO measurements have increased our knowledge about the pathogenesis and importance of intrauterine growth restriction, macrosomia, diabetic pregnancy, prolonged pregnancy, meconium staining, fetal hemorrhage, fetal anemia, maternal smoking and alcohol consumption, abnormal fetal heart rate and abnormal Doppler flow patterns. While the clinical utility of fetal amniotic fluid and plasma EPO measurements in the management of high-risk pregnancies and their offspring is promising, adequately powered clinical trials are urgently needed. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Absence of telomere shortening and oxidative DNA damage in the young adult offspring of women with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: The offspring of mothers with pre-gestational type 1 diabetes (PGDM) may be at increased risk of glucose intolerance and cardiovascular disease in childhood.The underlying causes of these observations, and whether they persist into adulthood, are unknown. The aim of the present study was to test the hypothesis that fetal chromosomal telomere oxidative DNA damage resulting from maternal PGDM programmes the offspring towards a senescent phenotype that is detectable in young adulthood. Methods: We studied 21 young adult offspring (age 16-23 years) with a maternal history of PGDM and 23 age- and weight-matched controls with no maternal history of diabetes. All participants underwent anthropometric assessments, a standard 75 g OGTT, measurement of peripheral blood mononuclear cell and skin fibroblast telomere length, fibroblast senescence, cell DNA damage (by determination of 8-oxoguanine levels using flow cytometry), plasma lipoprotein profiles (determined by nuclear magnetic resonance) and plasma levels of soluble adhesion molecules and inflammatory markers. Results: The groups did not differ significantly with respect to anthropometric measures, glucose tolerance, fasting and 2 h plasma insulin levels during OGTT, estimated peripheral insulin resistance, peripheral blood mononuclear cell or fibroblast telomere length, DNA damage or senescence in vitro, plasma NMR lipoprotein profiles or levels of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. Plasma concentrations of soluble intercellular adhesion molecule 1 (sICAM-1; p < 0.05) and IL-6 (p = 0.08) were higher in the PGDM offspring. Conclusions/interpretation: Young adult offspring of mothers with PGDM do not differ in terms of glucose tolerance, DNA damage or telomere length from controls of the same weight and BMI. This does not preclude such abnormalities at an earlier age, but there is no evidence of telomere damage as a pre-programming mechanism in the young adults enrolled in this study. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Insulin resistance markers in children; The prevalence of obesity among children and adolescents is progressively increasing around the world. One of the important consequences of obesity is the development of insulin resistance (IR). This condition has a multifactorial pathogenesis and is associated with cardiovascular risk, diabetes, hypertension, polycystic-ovary syndrome and a shorter lifespan. IR during childhood may be diagnosed by physical examination or there may be clues in the histories of the patient and his/her family. When IR is suspected, tests on a blood sample (which are more reliable) are recommended. Most of the biochemical markers have been well defined in adults, but appropriate reference data for children are still lacking. Here we discuss the usefulness of various currently known biochemical markers to evaluate insulin sensitivity (homeostatic model assessment, the quantitative insulin sensitivity check index, the oral glucose tolerance test, Matsuda method and the whole-body insulin resistance index), hormones (leptin, adiponectin, resistin, glucocorticoids, the insulin-like growth factor-1-binding protein/growth hormone axis, ghrelin, sex hormone-binding globulin and retinol-binding protein-4) and inflammatory markers (C-reactive protein, IL-6, intercellular adhesion molecule-1, vascular adhesion molecule-1 and E-selectin), which can be used in the diagnosis of IR in children. Copyright © 2009 S. Karger AG.
How are we diagnosing cardiometabolic risk in primary care settings?; Aims: To assess attitudes, barriers and practices of clinicians in assessing and treating cardiometabolic risk in overweight adults. Methods: In 2006, primary care physicians and mid-level practitioners in Montana were surveyed (N = 430). Results: Most primary care clinicians (95%) recognized the clinical benefit of weight loss, but many cited patient motivation (87%), lack of support services (61%), and lack of time (58%) as barriers. Over 80% identified obesity, hypertension, abnormal lipids, history of gestational diabetes, and family history as indications for diabetes screening. Most clinicians used fasting glucose (89%), random glucose (58%), and A1c (42%) as initial screens for diabetes. To confirm the diagnosis, the majority of respondents used A1c testing (80%) or fasting glucose (64%). Approximately one-quarter used the diagnosis pre-diabetes (26%), but just over half (52%) used alternative diagnoses of glucose intolerance. Sixty-five percent used the diagnosis of metabolic syndrome. Of those using metabolic syndrome, mid-level practitioners were more likely than physicians to assess waist circumference (49% vs. 63%). Conclusions: Despite citing significant barriers, clinicians routinely assessed cardiometabolic risk with diabetes screening, but relatively few reported using the diagnosis pre-diabetes. Metabolic syndrome was used commonly to diagnose overweight adults at risk for diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2008 Primary Care Diabetes Europe.
Reduced renal reserve in non-diabetic adults exposed in utero to maternal type 1 diabetes; Background and aims: Experimental animal studies support that fetuses exposed to hyperglycemia display impaired nephrogenesis and reduced global angiogenesis. We tested if such a phenomenon could be observed in humans. Materials and methods: We studied renal microcirculation of non-diabetic Offspring from Type 1 Diabetic Mothers (OT1DM) compared to similar subjects born from Type 1 Diabetic Fathers (OT1DF). As Renal Functional Reserve (RFR) is a surrogate marker of nephron number and renal vasculature, we measured simultaneously Glomerular Filtration Rate (GFR, 51Cr-EDTA clearance), Effective Renal Plasma Flow (ERPF, 123I-Hippurate clearance), Mean Arterial Pressure (MAP, Dynamap”) and calculated Filtration Fraction (FF = GFR / ERPF), and Renal Vascular Resistances (RVR = MAP / ERPF), both at baseline, and during Amino Acid (AA) infusion Results: The OT1DM (n = 19) and OT1DF (n =18) were similar for age (median 27 (range 18 - 41) vs 26 (18 - 37) years), sex ratio ( 14 F / 5 M vs 9 F / 9 M), BMI ( 23.1 ± 3.7 vs 22.6 ± 2.3 Kg/m2), and birth weight ( 3288 ± 550 vs 3440 ± 489 g). During AA infusion, GFR rose from 103 (9) to 122 (14) ml/ min in OT1DF, vs from 102 (12) to 110 (12) in OT1DM (inter-group comparison p<0.01), ERPF rose from 511 (72) to 591 (90) ml/min in OT1DF vs from 507 (57) to 530 (66) in OT1DM (p<0.01), and MAP varied from 85 (7) to 84 (5) mmHg in OT1DF versus from 89 (6) to 91(8) in OT1DM (p<0.01). RVR decreased less in OT1DM (from 0.18 (0.03) to 0.17 (0.03) mmHg/ml/ min) than in OT1DF (from 0.17 (0.03) to 0.15 (0.02); p<0.001). In addition, GFR changes were related to birth weights in OT1DM (r=0.62,p<0.01), not in OT1DF(r=-0.08,NS), while the ranges of birth weights were similar in the 2 groups. Conclusion: Fetal exposure to maternal diabetes is associated with reduced RFR (as assessed by comparative changes in GFR, ERPF and RVR), which may reflect a reduced number of nephrons and/or reduced renal microvascu-larisation. Thus, offspring of T1D mothers may be predisposed to glomerular and cardiovascular diseases later in life.
Exercise during pregnancy reduces high fat induced macrosomia; Background and aims: Dietary insults on the intrauterine environment are associated with altered fetal development and subsequent progressive metabolic disorders in adulthood. Evidence of the fetal origins of adult diseases in humans has been identified in epidemiological studies linking birth weight to subsequent risk of type 2 diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease. We have previously reported elevated abdominal adiposity together with reduced hepatic insulin signalling proteins in 15 week old offspring of dams fed a high fat diet during gestation. Physical activity is recognised as a positive intervention for the metabolic related disorders of high fat feeding. Potentially, specific exercise training during pregnancy could present as a method for obesity and diabetes prevention in offspring of high fat fed mothers. We aim to investigate the effect of exercise training during pregnancy on offspring development of high fat fed pregnant dams. Materials and methods: 8 female (160g) and 8 male Wistar rats (215g) were fed a high fat diet (34% omega-6 PUFA, 26% Protein, 22.3 kJ/g). An oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) (3g glucose / kg) was performed on day 24 with blood collected at fasting as well as 15, 30, 60 and 120 minutes post gavage. Glucose and insulin response was assessed as the total area under the curve (TAUC) for the 2 hour period. On day 28, mating pairs were established. Dietary intervention proceeded for a further 3 weeks. After 7 days of co-habitation, mating pairs were separated. Four females were randomly allocated to a training intervention. Training consisted of 30min of treadmill running at a moderate intensity for 10 days of the 16 between separation from males and spontaneous delivery. An OGTT was performed on all females on the 12th day following separation. Following delivery, all pups were weighed and litter sizes standardised to 8 (4 male, 4 female) per dam. During lactation all mothers were fed standard laboratory chow (11% Fat, 23% Protein, 13.9kJ/g). Results: Exercise training did not significantly affect total body weight of mothers prior to delivery (Sedentary 312.2 ± 28.5g versus Trained 326.6 ± 23.8g). While insulin and glucose TAUC were similar between groups, plasma glucose 15 minutes following gavage was significantly lower in trained mothers (Trained 4.4 ± 0.7 versus Sedentary 5.8 ± 0.7 mM p = 0.05). Fasting plasma Leptin was lower following training but this was not significant. Six of eight mothers successfully delivered, 2 sedentary litters (31 pups, 6.4 ± 0.6g) and 4 trained litters (56 pups, 6.1 ± 0.9g). Pup weights showed significantly reduced birth weight in litters from trained mothers (p = 0.03). Pup blood glucose at day 1, was similar between groups (Trained 5.2 ± 0.9 versus Sedentary 5.0 ± 0.9 mM). Pups are currently being weaned for tissue collection at 15 weeks of age. Conclusion: Exercise training during pregnancy reduced pup birth weight compared to pups from sedentary mothers. This was independent of changes in glucose TAUC, however improved insulin sensitivity may be inferred from the reduced glucose levels observed acutely following oral gavage for comparative insulin levels. This data suggests that exercise during pregnancy reduces if not prevents macrosomia observed in offspring of high fat fed mothers. The overarching effect this reduced birth weight may have on offspring metabolic development is yet to be determined.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance: follow up rates in the community; Background and aims: Both impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) convey an increased risk of developing type 2 dia betes (T2DM) in the future. Current guidelines advocate that patients with IFG, IGT or both are to be screened at least annually with either a oral glu cose tolerance test (OGTT) or fasting plasma glucose.(FPG). We examined a group of patients with OGTT-diagnosed IFG and IGT to determine the proportion of patients who were subsequently retested based on these recom mendations.Materials and methods: All patients undergoing OGTT from Primary Care in our region between Oct and Dec 2006 were included in the analysis. Pa tients who were deceased over this period and patients tested for gestational diabetes were excluded from the analysis. Approval was obtained from the Trust Audit Department prior to this undertaking. Data for this study was obtained from the laboratory serving the whole population. The criterion for diagnosis of IFG and IGT were based on the WHO.Results: There were a total of 683 patients included in the analysis. 199 pa tients were diagnosed with T2DM and 246 patients had either IGT or IFG. Of the 246 patients with IFG/IGT, (median (IQR) age 67 (54 to 74) years, 127F, 119M), 196 patients had repeat glucose testing in the following 26 months after a mean (SD) of 13(5.5) months. 59% (115/196) were screened using a repeat FPG and 41% (81/196) with an OGTT. Using FPG alone, 52 (45%) patients were noted to have persistent IFG and 11 (9.6%) patients had a glu cose level of 7 mmol/L or higher. Repeat OGTT showed 15 (18.5%) patients with persistent IGT, 30 (37%) with IFG and 19 (23.5%) patients with both. 13 (16%) had a glucose level of 7 mmol/L or higher. Crucially, this meant 19% (47/246) of patients (median (IQR) age 60(41 to 69) years, 24F, 23M) did not have a repeat test at all over the 26 months from the initial diagnosis Conclusion: Patients with IFG and IGT are at greater risk of developing fu ture cardiovascular disease and T2DM It is also known that lifestyle interven tion can reduce the risk of progression to T2DM. This data has shown that the follow-up of patients with IFG and IGT in primary care is not systematic, with approximately 1 in 5 patients with IFG and/or IGT not being followed up at all after 26 months of being diagnosed. There are challenges in moving more diabetes care from secondary to primary care environments. This study has shown that one of these challenges is to it develop a consistent means of recalling patients with abnormal OGTTs order to establish (and try to prevent) progression from IFG/IGT to T2DM.
Metabolic syndrome and adiponectine in women with prior gestational diabetes; Background and aims: Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. The relationship between insulin sensitivity, parameters of subclinical inflammation, and plasma concentrations of adipocytokines was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery Materials and methods: We prospectively studied 198 women with pGDM .According to OGTT, we divided into two groups: pGDM with normal glu-cose tolerance post-partum (NG) (66,8%) and pGDM with abnormal glucose tolerance post-partum (AG) (33,2%). Insulin sensitivity was derived using HOMA. Metabolic syndrome (MS) was defined by ATP-III We collected ob-stetric history, personal history of pGDM and personal and family history of cardiovascular risk factors Plasma concentrations of ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, and leptin were measured Results: The mean age was 33,45 ± 4,5 yrs.; 26,25% smoking, 15,6% history of dyslipemia, 30% had history of previous abortions. 62,34% of women had first-degree relatives with type 2 DM and 59,25% had family history of hy-pertension The prevalence of MS was higher (32,3%) in AG group than in NG (14,7 %); p<0.005. In addition, AG group had higher values of BMI and WC vs. NG group (28,86 ± 4,5 vs 22,70 ± 3,1 Kg/m2; p<0.005 and 93,76 ± 6,1 vs 80,34 ± 4,6; p<0.05, respectively) . Fasting glucose and 2h-glucose levels were higher in AG group than NG (98,85 ± 7,7 vs 80,2 ±5,6 mg/dl, p<0.005 and 166,57± 23 vs 119,4 ± 20 mg/dl). Fasting insulin and HOMA values were significantly higher in AG than NG; p<0.005. AG showed lower (P < 0.0001) plasma adiponectin (5.8 +/- 0.2 microg/ml) than NT (8.9 +/- 0.6 microg/ml) and a decreased (P < 0.003) but increased plasma leptin (P < 0.003) and CRP (P < 0.03). adiponectin correlated positively with HOMA (P < 0.003) and HDL cholesterol (P < 0.0001) but negatively with plasma glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]) (P < 0.0001), leptin (P < 0.01) and CRP (P < 0.007). In addition, AG group presented a higher prevalence of family history of type 2 DM (68,7% vs 48%, p<0.01) Conclusion: Women with pGDM have a high prevalence of abnormal glu-cose tolerance and MS and lower values of adiponectin, particularly those with AG.. Thus women with pGDM and family history of type 2 DM may be especially suitable interventions aimed at preventing or reducing type 2 DM and probably cardiovascular events.
Pulseless electrical activity during caesarean delivery under spinal anaesthesia: a case report of severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon; Anaphylactoid reaction to Syntocinon is rare, but has been described in the literature. The reactions described include patchy erythema, hypotension, bronchospasm and oxygen desaturation, but pulseless electrical activity following Syntocinon has not been reported. We present the case of a 34-year-old primigravida with essential hypertension, gestational diabetes and hypothyroidism with a twin pregnancy following in vitro fertilization. During elective caesarean delivery she developed a severe anaphylactic reaction to Syntocinon leading to pulseless electrical activity. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Amniotic fluid embolism: an evidence-based review; We reviewed the best evidence on amniotic fluid embolism (AFE). The estimated incidence of AFE is 1:15,200 and 1:53,800 deliveries in North America and Europe, respectively. The case fatality rate and perinatal mortality associated with AFE are 13-30% and 9-44%, respectively. Risk factors associated with increased risk of AFE include advanced maternal age, placental abnormalities, operative deliveries, eclampsia, polyhydramnios, cervical laceration, and uterine rupture. Hemodynamic response to AFE is biphasic, with initial pulmonary hypertension and right ventricular failure, followed by left ventricular failure. Promising therapies include selective pulmonary vasodilators and recombinant activated factor VIIa. Important topics for future research are presented. © 2009.
Birth Centers in hospitals; Birth Centers within Hospitals are low risk obstetric units managed by midwives. Since the 1990s there has been a resurgence of these units. The purpose of this revision is to study the scientific evidence on the benefits of birth units linked to the Health System. Studies indicate that these units significantly increase the probability of having a vaginal birth, of not needing epidural anaesthesia and of reducing medical intervention. However, it has also been stressed that these units must be equipped with highly qualified staff who use well defined protocols. Further studies are needed to learn both about the benefits and the risks of obstetric assistance for low risk women.
Sex- and gender-aspects in regard to clinical practice recommendations for pre-diabetes and diabetes; Summary. Metabolic diseases dramatically affect life of men and women from infancy up to old age and are a major challenge for clinicians. Health professionals are confronted with different needs of women and men. This article aims at an increase of gender awareness and the implemention of current knowledge of gender medicine in daily clinical practice with regard to pre-diabetes and diabetes. Sex and gender affect screening and diagnosis of metabolic diseases as well as treatment strategies and outcome. Impaired glucose and lipid metabolism, regulation of energy balance and body fat distribution are related to steroid hormones and therefore impose their influence on cardiovascular health in both men and women. In women pre-diabetes or diabetes are more distinctly associated with a higher number of vascular risk factors, such as inflammatory parameters, unfavourable changes of coagulation and blood pressure. Pre-diabetic and diabetic women are at much higher risk for vascular disease (x 36 compared to non-diabetic women) than diabetic men (x 23 compared to healthy males). Women are more often obese and less physically active. Whereas men predominantly feature impaired fasting glucose, women often show impaired glucose tolerance. A history of gestational diabetes or the presence of a PCOS in women, on the other hand the presence of erectile dysfunction (ED) in men are sex specific risk factors for diabetes development. ED is a common feature of obese men with the Metabolic Syndrome and an important predictor of cardiovascular disease. Several studies showed that diabetic women reach their targets of metabolic control (HbA1c), blood pressure and LDL-cholesterol less often than their male counterparts, although the reasons for worse treatment outcome in diabetic females are not clear. Furthermore, sex differences in action, pharmacokinetics, and side effects of pharmacological therapy have to be taken into account. © Springer-Verlag 2009.
Intrauterine fetal death; Sadly, the death of a fetus may occur at any stage of a pregnancy, including during the labour process. A pregnancy loss will be devastating for the expectant parents. Obstetricians should be familiar with the management of intrauterine fetal death as prompt and appropriate counselling will aid the couple's grief process. Understandably, couples wish to know the cause and chances of recurrence; thus, the full investigation of possible aetiological factors using a pragmatic approach will help in the postnatal counselling and management of future pregnancies. This review also explores the legal and ethical aspects of postmortem consent. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Diabetes in women: The global perspective; The prevalence of diabetes, and type 2 diabetes in particular, in women is increasing worldwide, although it is more pronounced in low-income countries. This increase is mostly due to population ageing and the ubiquitous rise in prevalence of obesity. Some of this rise is potentially preventable through lifestyle changes. A higher proportion of deaths in women than in men is attributable to diabetes. This article provides an overview of the specificities of diabetes in women and the implications of diabetes onset shifting to women of reproductive age. © 2008 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics.
Effects of maternal glycemia on fetal heart rate in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: To investigate the influence of maternal glycemia on fetal heart rate (FHR) parameters analyzed by computerized cardiotocography in fetuses of diabetic mothers in the third trimester. Study design: Thirty-nine pregnant women with pregestational diabetes mellitus were studied prospectively. The inclusion criteria were a diagnosis of pregestational diabetes, singleton pregnancy between 36 and 40 weeks, and absence of fetal abnormalities. Computerized cardiotocography (System 8002) was performed over a period of 60 min and capillary glycemia was measured immediately before and 30 and 60 min after the beginning of the exam. The evaluations were done 2 h after lunch. Results: Nineteen patients (48.7%) presented mean glycemia ≥120 mg/dL. The mean basal FHR was 136.7 ± 10.0 bpm in the group with glycemia <120 mg/dL and 144.8 ± 9.4 bpm in the group with glycemia ≥120 mg/dL (p = 0.013, Student's t test). There was a significant positive correlation (Pearson's test, p = 0.0001, r = 0.57) between basal FHR and mean glycemia. A significant negative correlation was observed between short-term variation and mean glycemia (Pearson's test, p = 0.003, r = -0.47). No significant differences were observed between the other indices evaluated by computerized cardiotocography and glycemia. Conclusions: Maternal hyperglycemia at the time of cardiotocography is associated with elevated FHR. It seems to be important to understand how FHR parameters are influenced by maternal glycemic status at the time of fetal assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes. © 2009.
Influence of maternal dysmetabolic conditions during pregnancy on cardiovascular disease; Pathogenic factors associated with maternal hypercholesterolemia, obesity, and diabetic conditions during pregnancy influence fetal development and predispose offspring to cardiovascular disease. Animal models have established cause-effect relationships consistent with epidemiological findings in humans and have demonstrated, in principle, that interventions before or during pregnancy can reduce or prevent pathogenic in utero programming. However, little is known about the mechanisms by which maternal dysmetabolic conditions enhance disease susceptibility in offspring. Identification of these mechanisms is rendered more difficult by the fact that programming effects in offspring may be latent and may require conventional risk factors and inherited genetic co-factors to become clinically manifest. Given the increasing prevalence of maternal risk factors, which is expected to lead to a wave of cardiovascular disease in the coming decades, and the length of prospective studies on developmental programming in humans, greater-than-usual emphasis on experimental models and translational studies is necessary.
Neonatal management and long-term sequelae; Intrauterine or fetal growth restriction is best defined by using customised birth weight percentiles based upon the growth potential for an individual infant. Growth restriction in utero may be classified as asymmetric or symmetric depending upon the duration of the process. Asymmetric growth restriction is caused by placental insufficiency, maternal hypertensive conditions, long-standing maternal diabetes, smoking, living at altitude or multiple gestation. Symmetric growth restriction may be due to congenital infections, chromosomal or other abnormalities, fetal alcohol syndrome, low socioeconomic status or be constitutional. The underlying cause of growth restriction often predicts the potential adverse effects on the foetus and newborn and later effects in childhood and adulthood. With placental insufficiency, there may be chronic or acute on chronic fetal hypoxia with birth asphyxia and hypothermia, neonatal hypoglycaemia, polycythaemia and coagulopathy. Management is directed at prevention or early treatment of these conditions. In contrast, symmetrically growth-restricted infants should be examined carefully to look for congenital infections and malformations that may need specific interventions. Infants with constitutional short stature generally do not need any specific management. Feeding of growth-restricted infants is important to overcome deficiencies incurred in utero. Most infants show catch-up growth although about 10% do not. Those with excessive catch-up growth may be at greatest risk of developing insulin resistance in adulthood leading to diabetes, obesity and heart disease. The so-called fetal origins of disease may actually have a postnatal onset related more to excessive weight gain in infancy. There is still controversy over the indications for growth hormone treatment in growth-restricted infants who remain of short stature in early childhood. Intrauterine growth restriction is also associated with a five- to seven-fold increased risk of cerebral palsy probably due to chronic placental insufficiency. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of great arteries associated with maternal diabetes and presumed gestational diabetes; Maternal diabetes mellitus affects the foetal heart both structurally and functionally. In early gestation, it has a teratogenic effect causing defects of primary cardiogenesis. In late gestation, it causes a unique form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. We report an infant of a diabetic mother and an infant where there was presumed gestational diabetes during the pregnancy who presented with combined severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and complex transposition of the great arteries. This rare combination of structural and functional cardiac abnormalities reflects the different mechanisms and timings of injury that may occur to the foetal heart in association with maternal diabetes and has not been previously reported. The combination has significant implications regarding medical and surgical management, and necessitates prolonged supportive therapy whilst awaiting regression of the hypertrophic cardiomyopathy followed by delayed arterial switch operation. Conclusion: We describe two infants with the unusual combination of both hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and transposition of the great arteries. One was an infant of a diabetic mother, and the second was associated with presumed gestational diabetes. ©2008 The Author(s).
The clinical content of preconception care: women with chronic medical conditions; This article reviews the medical conditions that are associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes for women and their offspring. We also present the degree to which specific preconception interventions and treatments can impact the effects of the condition on birth outcomes. Because avoiding, delaying, or achieving optimal timing of a pregnancy is often an important component of the preconception care of women with medical conditions, contraceptive considerations particular to the medical conditions are also presented. © 2008 Mosby, Inc.
Atherogenic lipoprotein phenotype and LDL size and subclasses in women with gestational diabetes; Aims: Women with gestational diabetes are more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease after pregnancy; however, the exact nature of the lipid alterations present is not clear. In Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes, we measured low-density lipoprotein (LDL) size and all seven subclasses, as well as the 'atherogenic-lipoprotein phenotype' [ALP, e.g. concomitant presence of elevated triglycerides, reduced high-density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol and increased small, dense LDL]. Methods: In 27 women with gestational diabetes and 23 healthy pregnant women matched for age, weeks of gestation and body mass index, we measured plasma lipids and LDL size and subclasses by gradient gel electrophoresis between 24 and 28 weeks of gestation. Results: Although no significant differences were found in the concentrations of any of the plasma lipids, compared with control subjects women with gestational diabetes had lower LDL size (P = 0.0007) due to reduced LDL-I (P = 0.0074) and increased LDL-IVA (P = 0.0146) and -IVB (P < 0.0001) subclasses. Correlation analysis revealed that fasting glucose, homeostasis model assessment and glycated haemoglobin were inversely correlated with LDL-I and positively with LDL-IVA and -IVB (all P < 0.05). ALP due to high HDL-cholesterol levels was not seen in either group, whereas elevated small, dense LDL were more common in women with gestational diabetes than control subjects (33% vs. 4%, P = 0.0107). Conclusions: Increased levels of small, dense LDL are common in Mediterranean women with gestational diabetes. Whether these findings affect the atherogenic process and clinical end-points in these women remains to be determined by future prospective studies. © 2008 The Authors.
Fetal programming by disturbed intrauterine environment - Fundamental mechanisms exemplified by the regulation of body weight and metabolism; Currently, epidemiological and experimental data indicate that exposures during prenatal and perinatal life may have lifelong consequences for the risk of developing obesity and metabolic and cardiovascular diseases. In this context, observations of the offspring of mothers with gestational diabetes as well as studies of children with low birth weight were most influential. This paper illustrates the current knowledge about perinatal programming of obesity and associated diseases and discusses possible etiopathogenic mechanisms, focussing on epidemiological and animal studies of the consequences of exposure to maternal diabetes and pre-/neonatal undernutrition. The resultant far-reaching potential for primary prevention of chronic diseases as well as the paradigmatic character of these hypotheses and observations for the general understanding of health and disease are highlighted. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Management of bipolar affective disorder during pregnancy; In Pregnancy is a series of reviews focusing on the management of women with psychiatric and neurological conditions during pregnancy. In this article, Dr Meiser-Stedman and Dr Curtis discuss the risks associated with pregnancy in women with bipolar affective disorder (BPAD) and the issues that need to be considered regarding the management of BPAD before and during pregnancy as well as immediately after the birth.
Type 2 diabetes mellitus in children and adolescents: Where do we stand with drug treatment and behavioral management?; Type 2 diabetes, once considered a disease of adults, is a growing problem in the pediatric population. The emergence of type 2 diabetes in this age group has paralleled the epidemic of childhood obesity. Lifestyle modifications represent first-line therapy for children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes. However, many children and adolescents go on to require treatment with oral medications or insulin for optimal control. A paucity of data exist regarding the optimal treatment regimen for children and adolescents with type 2 diabetes. Further research regarding the treatment of type 2 diabetes in youth is required. © Current Medicine Group LLC 2008.
Identification and Treatment of Prediabetes to Prevent Progression to Type 2 Diabetes; Overt type 2 diabetes is usually preceded by a condition known as prediabetes, which is characterized by impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Both IFG and IGT exhibit elevated glucose levels that are not sufficient to be classified as diabetes but that represent the development of insulin resistance. Achieving glycemic control in patients with prediabetes through lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions can effectively prevent or delay the development of diabetes and its associated complications. The first step, however, is to identify patients at risk. Although patients can be identified with an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) or a fasting plasma glucose (FPG) screening, a normal FPG does not preclude an elevated OGTT and, therefore, the presence of prediabetes. For patients who progress to type 2 diabetes, intensive therapy aimed at reducing and maintaining glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) levels < 7% has been shown to reduce the risk of complications. An A1C level ≥ 7% should signal the need to initiate or change therapy to achieve glycemic goals. (Clinical Cornerstone. 2007;8[2]: 10-20) Copyright © 2007 Excerpta Medica, Inc. © 2008 Excerpta Medica.
Should socioeconomic factors be considered as traditional risk factors for cardiovascular disease, as confounders, or as risk modifiers?; There is strong evidence that cardiovascular disease (CVD) and its traditional risk factors are associated with socioeconomic conditions. However, the latter's etiological role in the development of cardiovascular outcomes is not always well understood, and it is unclear whether they should be considered as traditional risk factors for CVD, as confounders, or as risk modifiers. After examining whether socioeconomic conditions meet the criteria for the three definitions, we argue that none of them fully captures the complexity of their contribution in shaping the epidemic of CVD across and within societies. We argue instead that socioeconomic factors are the "causes of the causes" of CVD. Implications for research and interventions to reduce CVD are discussed. Copyright © 2008 LLS SAS. All rights reserved.
Pulmonary hypertension, heart failure and neutropenia due to diazoxide therapy; Primary persistent hyperinsulinaemic hypoglycaemia is characterised by clinical symptoms that occur when blood glucose levels drop below the normal range. Diazoxide treatment remains the mainstay of medical therapy. Tolerance of diazoxide is usually excellent, but several side effects of this drug have been described. We present a 4-month-old girl who developed pulmonary hypertension, heart failure and neutropenia during diazoxide therapy. Diazoxide toxicity was suspected and the drug was withdrawn on day 13. During the next 3 days, respiratory and haemodynamic status dramatically improved and she was weaned from mechanical ventilation. Control white blood cell count was 8800 cells/ mm3 and a new echocardiography showed modreduction of pulmonary artificial pressure to 20 mmHg and resolution of atrial and ventricular enlargement. Paediatric physicians should be in mind of pulmonary hypertension, heart failure and neutropenia developing during diazoxide therapy. © Springer Healthcare Communications 2008.
Transposition of the great arteries.; Transposition of the great arteries (TGA), also referred to as complete transposition, is a congenital cardiac malformation characterised by atrioventricular concordance and ventriculoarterial (VA) discordance. The incidence is estimated at 1 in 3,500-5,000 live births, with a male-to-female ratio 1.5 to 3.2:1. In 50% of cases, the VA discordance is an isolated finding. In 10% of cases, TGA is associated with noncardiac malformations. The association with other cardiac malformations such as ventricular septal defect (VSD) and left ventricular outflow tract obstruction is frequent and dictates timing and clinical presentation, which consists of cyanosis with or without congestive heart failure. The onset and severity depend on anatomical and functional variants that influence the degree of mixing between the two circulations. If no obstructive lesions are present and there is a large VSD, cyanosis may go undetected and only be perceived during episodes of crying or agitation. In these cases, signs of congestive heart failure prevail. The exact aetiology remains unknown. Some associated risk factors (gestational diabetes mellitus, maternal exposure to rodenticides and herbicides, maternal use of antiepileptic drugs) have been postulated. Mutations in growth differentiation factor-1 gene, the thyroid hormone receptor-associated protein-2 gene and the gene encoding the cryptic protein have been shown implicated in discordant VA connections, but they explain only a small minority of TGA cases.The diagnosis is confirmed by echocardiography, which also provides the morphological details required for future surgical management. Prenatal diagnosis by foetal echocardiography is possible and desirable, as it may improve the early neonatal management and reduce morbidity and mortality. Differential diagnosis includes other causes of central neonatal cyanosis. Palliative treatment with prostaglandin E1 and balloon atrial septostomy are usually required soon after birth. Surgical correction is performed at a later stage. Usually, the Jatene arterial switch operation is the procedure of choice. Whenever this operation is not feasible, adequate alternative surgical approach should be implemented. With the advent of newer and improved surgical techniques and post operative intensive care, the long-term survival is approximately 90% at 15 years of age. However, the exercise performance, cognitive function and quality of life may be impaired.
Gestational diabetes insipidus and intrauterine fetal death of monochorionic twins; Gestational diabetes insipidus (GDI) is a rare disorder. The onset is usually in the third trimester of pregnancy. We present a 24-year-old primigravida in her 35th week of a monochorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancy. The patient presented with intrauterine death of both twins accompanied by HELLP syndrome, hypernatremia and hemoconcentration. Urine osmolality below that of the plasma suggested GDI. 1-deamino-8D-arginine vasopressin (dDAVP) treatment was started with a quick response. GDI is probably the result of excessive activity of placental vasopressinase. In cases of liver dysfunction, the clearance rate of vasopressinase decreases, explaining the association of GDI with acute fatty liver and HELLP syndrome. Alert to this diagnosis, its evaluation and treatment is important.
Profound hypoxemia and pulmonary hypertension in a 7-month-old infant: Late presentation of alveolar capillary dysplasia; Objective: To report a case of an oldest previously asymptomatic infant diagnosed with alveolar capillary dysplasia who lived a relatively normal life until 7 months of age. DESIGN:: Descriptive case report. SETTING:: Intensive care unit of a tertiary care children's hospital. PATIENT:: Seven-month-old female infant with profound hypoxemia and pulmonary hypertension. CONCLUSION:: Alveolar capillary dysplasia should be considered with a high index of suspicion in an infant who presents with pulmonary hypertension beyond the neonatal period and for which no anatomical cause can be found. Early consideration of open lung biopsy may prevent using costly, invasive, and probably ineffective procedures such as extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. © 2008 by the Society of Critical Care Medicine and the World Federation of Pediatric Intensive and Critical Care Societies.
Prevalence of selected risk behaviors and chronic diseases--Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS), 39 steps communities, United States, 2005.; PROBLEM: Behavioral risk factors (e.g., tobacco use, poor diet, and physical inactivity) can lead to chronic diseases. In 2005, of the 10 leading causes of death in the United States, seven (heart disease, cancer, stroke, chronic lower respiratory diseases, diabetes, Alzheimer's disease, and kidney disease) were attributable to chronic disease. Chronic diseases also adversely affect the quality of life of an estimated 90 million persons in the United States, resulting in illness, disability, extended pain and suffering, and major limitations in daily living. REPORTING PERIOD COVERED: 2005. DESCRIPTION OF THE SYSTEM: CDC's Steps Program funds 40 selected U.S. communities to address six leading causes of death and disability and rising health-care costs in the United States: obesity, diabetes, asthma, physical inactivity, poor nutrition, and tobacco use. In 2005, a total of 39 Steps communities conducted a survey to collect adult health outcome data. The survey instrument was a modified version of the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) survey, a community-based, random-digit--dialing telephone survey with a multistage cluster design. The survey instrument collected information on health risk behaviors and preventive health practices among noninstitutionalized adults aged >/=18 years. RESULTS: Prevalence estimates of risk behaviors and chronic conditions varied among the 39 Steps communities that reported data for 2005. The proportion of the population that achieved Healthy People 2010 (HP 2010) objectives also varied among the communities. The estimated prevalence of obesity (defined as having a body mass index [BMI] of >/=30.0 kg/m(2) as calculated from self-reported weight and height) ranged from 15.6% to 44.0%. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of reducing the proportion of adults who are obese to 15.0%. The prevalence of diagnosed diabetes (excluding gestational diabetes) ranged from 4.3% to 16.6%. Eighteen communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have at least an annual foot examination to 75.0%; five communities achieved the HP2010 objective to increase the proportion of adults with diabetes who have an annual dilated eye examination to 75.0%. The prevalence of reported asthma ranged from 7.0% to 17.6%. Among those who reported having asthma, the prevalence of having no symptoms of asthma during the preceding 30 days ranged from 15.4% to 40.3% for 10 communities with sufficient data for estimates. The prevalence of respondents who engaged in moderate physical activity for >/=30 minutes at least five times a week or who reported vigorous physical activity for >/=20 minutes at least three times a week ranged from 42.0% to 62.2%. The prevalence of consumption of fruits and vegetables at least five times a day ranged from 15.6% to 30.3%. The estimated prevalence among respondents aged >/=18 years who reported having smoked >/=100 cigarettes in their lifetime and who were current smokers on every day or some days at the time of the survey ranged from 11.0% to 39.7%. One community achieved the HP2010 objective to reduce the proportion of adults who smoke to 12.0%. Among smokers, the prevalence of having stopped smoking for >/=1 day as a result of trying to quit smoking during the previous 12 months ranged from 47.8% to 63.3% for 31 communities. No communities reached the HP2010 objective of increasing smoking cessation attempts by adult smokers to 75%. INTERPRETATION: The findings in this report indicate variations in health risk behaviors, chronic conditions, and use of preventive health screenings and health services. These findings underscore the continued need to evaluate intervention programs at the community level and to design and implement policies to reduce morbidity and mortality caused by chronic disease. PUBLIC HEALTH ACTION: Steps BRFSS data can be used to monitor the prevalence of specific health behaviors, diseases, conditions, and use of preventive health services. Steps Program staff at the national, state, local, and tribal levels can use BRFSS data to demonstrate accountability to stakeholders, monitor progress in meeting program objectives, focus programs on activities with the greatest promise of results, identify opportunities for strategic collaboration, and identify and disseminate successes and lessons learned.
Diagnosis and Management of Neonatal Alloimmune Thrombocytopenia; Neonatal alloimmune thrombocytopenia (NAT) is a life-threatening bleeding disorder caused by maternal platelet antibodies produced in response to fetal platelet antigens inherited from the father. Antiplatelet antibodies cross the placenta and cause destruction of fetal platelets, leading to severe thrombocytopenia, and potentially bleeding, including fatal intracerebral hemorrhage. Incompatibilities between maternal and fetal platelets for the human platelet antigen 1a (previously called PLA1) account for most of the patients with NAT, but other antigens are commonly implicated. Diagnostic testing for NAT involves genotyping of maternal, paternal, and sometimes fetal DNA; platelet antigen phenotyping; and maternal platelet antibody investigations using specialized platelet glycoprotein specific assays. The management of women and infants at risk for NAT remains largely empiric; and mounting evidence points to prohibitive risks of invasive procedures such as fetal blood sampling and intrauterine platelet transfusions, except in rare circumstances. Improvements in our understanding of the pathophysiology of NAT, and of clinical and laboratory predictors of severity, may help develop better treatments and improve our ability to identify mothers at risk. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Cardiovascular disease risk profiles in women with histories of gestational diabetes but without current diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To compare the cardiovascular disease risk factor profiles of parous women with a history of gestational diabetes who had not developed diabetes, parous women with diagnosed diabetes, and parous women with neither condition. METHODS: We conducted cross-sectional analyses of 4,631 parous women who were not currently pregnant in the Third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (1988-1994). Women were classified by self-report as having a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetic (n=85), diagnosed diabetics (n=218), or as having neither condition (n=4,328). We compared these groups with respect to cholesterol subtypes, blood pressure, uric acid, microalbuminuria, insulin, glucose, and clustering of risk factors, before and after adjustment for demographic and behavioral factors and central obesity. RESULTS: In unadjusted comparisons, women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics had a more favorable or similar risk factor profile compared with unaffected women, with two exceptions: greater levels of mean fasting glucose (94.0 mg/dL compared with 106.8 mg/dL, P<.001) and mean fasting insulin (10.2 international units/L compared with 14.0 international units/L, P<.001). These patterns were attenuated after adjustment for demographic factors and waist circumference, but remained significant for fasting glucose and the ratio of urine microalbumin/creatinine. Parous women with diagnosed diabetes had significantly worse cardiovascular disease risk profiles than unaffected women before and after adjustment. CONCLUSION: Women who had a history of gestational diabetes who were not currently diabetics have a similar cardiovascular disease risk profile to unaffected women, with the exception of insulin and glucose levels. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Underlying medical conditions; More than half of maternal deaths in the UK are due to pre-existing medical conditions, and medical emergencies often mimic acute obstetric conditions. An acute flare of systemic lupus erythaematosus, a thyroid storm or a phaeochromocytoma have many of the signs and symptoms of imminent eclampsia. Similarly, severe postpartum haemorrhage can result in diagnostic difficulties of medical conditions such as Addison's syndrome or acute renal failure. An acute collapse can be due to a pulmonary embolus, myocardial infarction, tachyarrhythmia or myasthenia gravis. These conditions are rare; however, unless they are considered in a differential diagnosis, they will not be diagnosed, to the detriment of the woman and her infant. This chapter deals with acute medical conditions occurring uncommonly in pregnant women. An obstetrician should know the initial steps to take in the emergency management of these cases. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Haematological management of obstetric haemorrhage; Obstetric haemorrhage (OH) remains the leading cause of maternal morbidity and mortality worldwide, 140 000-160 000 women die annually. Uterine atony (70%), and retained and invasive placentae remain the commonest causes. Rarely OH is due to an inherited bleeding disorder. Although risk factors and preventive strategies are documented, not all cases are expected or avoidable. Haematological management includes regular monitoring of full blood count and coagulation screen, with the appropriate use of blood products: red cells to maintain a Hb>8 g/dl; if APPT ratio and/or INR>1.5 then 15 ml/kg of fresh frozen plasma; if fibrinogen<1 g/L, then cryoprecipitate with 10 bags, increasing fibrinogen by approximately 1 g; if platelets<50 × 109 then one single donor pool. As fibrinolytic activation occurs with blood loss, 1-2 g tranexamic acid is suggested as it is safe, but as yet no studies of its use in OH have been undertaken. The use of rFVIIa is also reviewed. Women with OH are at high risk of venous thromboembolism post delivery and thromboprophylaxis is recommended for these women once bleeding has ceased. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Medical Issues from Preconception Through Delivery: A Roadmap for the Internist; The age of the pregnant population and the number of pregnant women with medical issues are increasing. It is widely recognized that internists have the unique opportunity to identify potential pregnancy issues and address them before a problem arises. Therefore, it's important that we become aware of how to approach these issues. In addition to addressing medical issues in a currently pregnant woman, doctors also have the opportunity to identify issues that occurred during a prior pregnancy, such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, or pregnancy loss, and to decrease the risk of complications in future pregnancies. The goal of this article is to provide a roadmap to practicing internists so they will incorporate pregnancy planning into their everyday care plans. The approach is similar to that used when performing a preoperative risk assessment: We want to optimize our patients medically for pregnancy. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of pregestational diabetes mellitus on fetal cardiac function and structure; Objective: Fetuses of diabetic pregnancy experience cardiomyopathy, the intracardiac cause of which is understood poorly. The aim of this study was to assess the interrelation between cardiac functional and structural changes in fetuses of mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus. Study Design: Twenty-six mothers with pregestational diabetes mellitus were recruited prospectively to have a fetal echocardiogram at 13, 20, and 36 weeks of gestation to assess cardiac function and structure. For comparison, 30 healthy control subjects were recruited at each gestational age. Results: In the first trimester, there was evidence of poorer fetal cardiac diastolic function among the diabetic cohort (lower left early/atrial ratio, longer isovolumetric relaxation time and higher left myocardial performance index; P < .05). In the third trimester, the fetal interventricular septum and the right ventricular free wall were thicker in the diabetic cohort (P < .05). Conclusion: In fetuses of pregestational diabetic pregnancy, sonographic evidence of altered cardiac function is evident before ultrasound evidence of cardiac structural changes. This suggests that altered cardiac function may precede cardiac structural changes in fetuses of pregestational diabetic pregnancy. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased LDL cholesterol and CRP in infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes; Background: Proatherogenic stimuli during foetal life may predispose to development of atherosclerosis in adulthood. Elevated plasma low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and C-reactive protein (CRP) expression is associated with increased risk of atherosclerosis. Methods and Results: In this study, we examined how maternal type 1 diabetes affects foetal plasma LDL cholesterol and CRP. In comparison with healthy mothers, the plasma LDL cholesterol was not increased in the mothers with diabetes, however, the umbilical-cord plasma LDL cholesterol was increased in their infants. CRP was increased in infants of mothers with diabetes and high haemoglobin Alc (HbA1c, ≥ 6.2%). Human placenta expresses microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP), which facilitates secretion of apolipoprotein B-containing lipoproteins. Microsomal triglyceride transfer activity was slightly higher (11%) in placentas from mothers with diabetes and HbA1c ≥ 6.2% compared with the controls. Conclusion: The results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes increases the foetal plasma LDL cholesterol and CRP concentration and thus might predispose the offspring to development of atherosclerosis. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Preventing Type 2 Diabetes; The rapid and often relentless progression of type 2 diabetes suggests that high-risk patients should be provided with an equally aggressive strategy to protect their remaining β-cell function and endogenous insulin secretion. Management of patients with prediabetes should incorporate both lifestyle and pharmacologic intervention. Although no specific recommendations are published for the management of prediabetes, one can assume that preservation of pancreatic β-cell function, improvement in peripheral insulin resistance and pancreatic insulin secretion, reducing pancreatic α-cell secretion of glucagon, preventing long- and short-term diabetes-related complications, and assisting patients to loose weight are beneficial. Aggressive, timely, and physiologic management of prediabetes should be advocated. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Advanced maternal age. Part I: Obstetric complications; More women are postponing pregnancy into the fourth and fifth decades of life for a variety of reasons. Advanced maternal age, traditionally defined as age more than 35 years, has been associated with increased obstetric morbidity and interventions. In addition, perinatal complications are reported to be higher in this patient population, although recent data point to a more favorable outcome. This article reviews the available literature with special emphasis on antepartum, intrapartum, and postpartum complications and perinatal outcome. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Postpartum hemorrhage: Initial management; The haemorrhage of the delivery is defined by the existence of blood losses higher than 500 ml for a childbirth by the ways natural and higher than 1000 ml for a caesarean section. It is about a serious pathology (2 to 10% of the childbirth) being able to lead to a maternal death. The assumption of responsibility is still too often delayed, badly adapted and incomplete. The factor time is indeed capital, just like the multi-field character of the assumption of responsibility (midwife, obstetrician, surgeon, anaesthesist and reanimator). The preventive actions, during the pregnancy and during delivery, aiming at decreasing the frequency of fetal macrosomia, infections, catch of maternal weight, dystocies, abusive releases, instrumental extractions too often systematic, make it possible to decrease their frequency. © Editions ESKA, 2008.
Estimating recurrence of spontaneous preterm delivery; OBJECTIVE: To identify factors associated with spontaneous preterm birth and to estimate the risk of its recurrence for the second through fourth births among women in Utah who had a first and any subsequent birth between 1989 and 2001, using a retrospective cohort study design. METHODS: Utah state birth records were reviewed to identify women with a first live birth and at least one subsequent live birth from 1989 to 2001. Recurrence risks for spontaneous preterm birth were calculated for first through fourth births. Then all parties (1-12) and multiple maternal risk factors were used to estimate recurrence risks for pre-term birth outcomes by multinomial regression. Recurrence risks for early and late spontaneous preterm birth were calculated. Recurrence also was evaluated as the fraction attributable to previous spontaneous preterm birth. Using the identified factors, the sample was divided and the model was estimated for a subset of births (1989-1999); its predictive value was tested on the remaining births (2000-2001). RESULTS: Women who experienced a spontaneous preterm birth before 34 weeks of gestation in their first or second live birth had the highest rate of recurrence. Spontaneous preterm birth before 34 weeks was the highest risk factor for recurrence of early spontaneous preterm birth (relative risk 13.56, 95% confidence interval 11.5-16.0), and, in general, risks were highest for recurrences of same gestational age outcomes. CONCLUSION: A history of a live spontaneous birth before 34 weeks of gestation is a strong predictor of subsequent spontaneous preterm birth. A model of clinical risk factors may be used to identify women at increased risk for recurrent spontaneous preterm birth. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Maternal obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is a global health problem that is increasing in prevalence. The World Health Organization characterizes obesity as a pandemic issue, with a higher prevalence in females than males. Thus, many pregnant patients are seen with high body mass index (BMI). Obesity during pregnancy is considered a high-risk state because it is associated with many complications. Compared with normal-weight patients, obese patients have a higher prevalence of infertility. Once they conceive, they have higher rate of early miscarriage and congenital anomalies, including neural tube defects. Besides the coexistence of preexisting diabetes mellitus and chronic hypertension, obese women are more likely to have pregnancy-induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, thromboembolism, macrosomia, and spontaneous intrauterine demises in the latter half of pregnancy. Obese women also require instrument or Cesarean section delivery more often than average-weight women. Following Cesarean section delivery, obese women have a higher incidence of wound infection and disruption. Irrespective of the delivery mode, children born to obese mothers have a higher incidence of macrosomia and associated shoulder dystocia, which can be highly unpredictable. In addition to being large at birth, children born to obese mothers are also more susceptible to obesity in adolescence and adulthood. Prevention is the best way to prevent this problem. As pregnancy is the worst time to lose weight, women with a high BMI should be encouraged to lose weight prior to conceiving. During preconception counseling, they should be educated about the complications associated with high a BMI. Obese women should also be screened for hypertension and diabetes mellitus. In early pregnancy, besides being watchful about the higher association of miscarriage, obese women should be screened with ultrasound for congenital anomalies around 18 to 22 weeks. The ultrasound should be repeated close to term to check on the estimated fetal weight to rule out macrosomia. Obese pregnant women are screened for gestational diabetes around 24 to 28 weeks. During the second half of pregnancy, one needs to closely watch for signs and symptoms of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Once in labor, an early anesthesia consultation is highly recommended irrespective of delivery mode. When Cesarean section is performed, many obstetricians prefer an incision above the pannus to avoid skin infection. However, the incision should be decided upon the discretion of the surgeon. Peripartum, special attention is given to avoid thromboembolism byusing compression stockings and early ambulation. © Postgraduate Medicine.
Normal Fetal Physiology and Behavior, and Adaptive Responses with Hypoxemia; The principal objective of antenatal testing is to detect fetal hypoxia before the fetus has suffered lasting harm. This article summarizes some of the mechanisms by which fetal oxygen consumption is maintained under normal conditions, and adaptations that occur in response to hypoxemia. Alterations in the fetal heart rate are prominent in the fetal response to hypoxemia and are the basis of some methods of antenatal testing. The principal mechanisms underlying these fetal heart rate changes are described. Adaptations in the distribution of blood flow that permit the fetus to deal with reduced oxygen levels are summarized. Developmental trends in fetal motility and behavior are outlined, and also how these are modified by fetal growth retardation and maternal diabetes. Fetal movements are suppressed during acute hypoxemia, but with gradually developing hypoxemia, normal movement patterns may continue until the fetus becomes acidemic. This may limit the use of these biophysical variables in antenatal testing. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Antenatal Testing: Diabetes Mellitus; Diabetes complicating pregnancy is a problem for which fetal surveillance testing is considered to be the standard of care. In response to the unacceptable frequency of stillbirth in such pregnancies, fetal testing historically was first introduced to manage women whose pregnancies were complicated by diabetes. Essentially all forms of antepartum testing have been used to assess fetal well-being during the third trimester of pregnant diabetics. The contraction stress test became established as the "gold standard," yet other testing protocols have been used successfully. It is clear that control of diabetes throughout gestation, not just in the later stages, is more important for optimal outcome than is a specific form of fetal testing. Biweekly testing has become the standard and with well-controlled diabetics, allowing the gestation to continue until the onset of spontaneous labor, even when the gestation exceeds 40 weeks, is appropriate management with normal testing. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Postdates and Antenatal Testing; The standard definition of a prolonged pregnancy is 42 completed weeks of gestation. The incidence of prolonged pregnancy varies depending on the criteria used to define gestational age at birth. It is estimated that 4 to 19% of pregnancies reach or exceed 42 weeks gestation. Several studies that have used very large computerized databases of well-dated pregnancies provided insights into the incidence and nature of adverse perinatal outcome such as an increased fetal and neonatal mortality as well as increased fetal and maternal morbidity in prolonged pregnancy. Fetal surveillance may be used in an attempt to observe the prolonged pregnancy while awaiting the onset of spontaneous labor. This article reviews the different methodologies and protocols for fetal surveillance in prolonged pregnancies. On the one hand, false-positive tests commonly lead to unnecessary interventions that are potentially hazardous to the gravida. On the other hand, to date, no program of fetal testing has been shown to completely eliminate the risk of stillbirth. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
PPAR-γ signaling pathway in placental development and function: A potential therapeutic target in the treatment of gestational diseases; Background: PPAR-γ is a target for the treatment of metabolic disorders, as Pioglitazone and Rosiglitazone are already used against type 2 diabetes. Pleiotropic functions, such as antiproliferative and anti-inflammatory effects against several pathological states, including cardiovascular disease and cancer, are currently being explored in clinical studies. Objective: Evidence indicates that PPAR-γ is expressed in the placenta, playing a crucial role in placental development and function, while PPAR-γ ligands appear to modulate fetal membrane signals. Thus, in the last few years, the pivotal role of PPAR-γ in placental biology has been the focus of extensive research, as diabetes appears to be the most common metabolic dysfunction in pregnancy. Methods: We aim to present data concerning the expression of PPAR-γ in animal and human placenta, underlining its significance in normal placental development and several gestational diseases. The effects of PPAR-γ ligands as modulators of placental biology in normal and certain pathological conditions are also discussed. Results/conclusion: Current research provides substantial evidence that PPAR-γ plays a pivotal role in placental biology and may reveal new perspectives in the treatment of gestational diseases. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Gestational diabetes mellitus; GDM is defined as "carbohydrate intolerance of variable severity with onset or first recognition during pregnancy." The prevalence of GDM is about 2-5% of pregnancies and it depends of the prevalence of to type 2 DM in the population. The pathogenesis of GDM is a combination of insulin resistance (of normal pregnancy and a chronic form in GDM patients), B cell dysfunction of autoimmune origin and/or from genetic mutations. GDM is associated with chronic insulin resistance, genetic changes and placental transport differences compared to non-diabetic pregnant women. The pathogenesis ofGDMresembles that of type 2 DM. Indeed, a large percentage ofGDM patients turn in to type 2 DM in the years after pregnancy. GDM has both maternal and fetal complications: for the mother the risk is mainly long term - the progress to type 2 DM and metabolic syndrome. For the fetus there are both short and long term complications - fetal death, aberrant fetal growth mainly macrosomia with its effect on delivery and risk of shoulder dystocia and metabolic/haematologic changes (hypoglycaemia, hypokalaemia, hyperbilirubinaemia, hypocalcaemia, polycythaemia and respiratory distress syndrome). The long term risks for the fetus are adverse neurological and cognitive outcomes and mainly early onset metabolic syndrome. For most women, glucose screening should be conducted at 24-28 weeks- gestation with the use of a 50-g oral glucose load. A value of 7.8 mmol/L (140 mg/dL) or greater necessitates a full diagnostic 100-g oral glucose tolerance test (GTT). Testing at this time not only enables the obstetrician to assess glucose tolerance in the presence of the insulin-resistant state of pregnancy but, should GDM be diagnosed, permits treatment to begin before excessive fetal growth has occurred. Those women who seem to be at high risk for GDM should be tested by OGTT as early as possible. If the initial screen is negative, they should be retested at 24-28 weeks- gestation. Once a diagnosis of GDM is made, women should be under close perinatal surveillance. Diet treatment is advised in all. The goal of treatment is reducing the fetal and maternal morbidity and mortality related with GDM. The exact glucose values needed to do so are still not clear. The decision to start pharmacological treatment depends on the glycaemic controlwith diet treatment and gestational age at diagnosis. The options for pharmacological treatment are insulin, which is considered the most acceptable treatment, or oral anti-diabetic drugs such as metformin and glyburide. It is extremely important to maintain good glycaemic control in order to reduce maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality during pregnancy and delivery. Concerning the time and mode of delivery, there is a higher rate of cesarean section in GDM women. The decision whether and when to induce delivery depends on gestational age, estimated fetal weight and maternal glycaemic control and Bishop score. Themain reasons for timed delivery are fear of fetal death and shoulder dystocia. When estimated fetal weight is 4,500 g or more, caesarean delivery may be considered because it may reduce the likelihood of permanent brachial plexus injury in the infant. Future research is needed regarding prevention of GDM, treatment goals and effectiveness of interventions, guidelines for pregnancy care and prevention of long term metabolic sequelae for both the infant and the mother. Copyright © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
GDM: Postpartum management to reduce long-term risks; Diabetes prevalence has increased dramatically, with 1.3 million new cases diagnosed annually. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at increased risk for developing overt diabetes later in life. In addition, their offspring, exposed to the diabetic environment in utero, are also at increased risk for developing obesity, glucose intolerance, and type 2 diabetes later in life. Diabetes begets diabetes. The GDM diagnosis provides the medical community with an opportunity to intervene with strategies to prevent and/or delay the onset of diabetes and its associated long-term complications. This article reviews the roles of medical nutrition therapy, physical activity, and pharmacotherapy in preventing type 2 diabetes in women with a GDM history. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Increased risk of cardiovascular disease in young women following gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have an increased risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) following pregnancy. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - All women aged 20-49 years with live births between April 1994 and March 1997 in Ontario, Canada, were identified. Women with GDM were matched with 10 women without GDM and were followed for CVD. RESULTS - The matched cohorts included 8,191 women with GDM and 81,262 women without GDM. Mean age at entry was 31 years, and median follow-up was 11.5 years. The hazard ratio for CVD events was 1.71 (95% CI 1.08-2.69). After adjustment for subsequent type 2 diabetes, the hazard ratio was attenuated (1.13 [95% CI 0.67-1.89]). CONCLUSIONS - Young women with GDM had a substantially increased risk for CVD compared with women without GDM. Much of this increased risk was attributable to subsequent development of type 2 diabetes. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Maternal transmission of risk for atherosclerosis; In this review, we briefly summarize the possible signals crossing the placental barrier and discuss the molecular mechanisms of epigenetic programming in the developing fetus leading to increased athero-susceptibility of the vessel wall. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Association of elevated free fatty acids during late pregnancy with preterm delivery; OBJECTIVE: To examine the association between moderately elevated maternal plasma free fatty acids (FFAs) during late pregnancy and preterm delivery. METHODS: In a prospective observational cohort with 523 healthy pregnant women, fasting plasma FFAs were measured during the third trimester. Socioeconomic, demographic, and anthropometric measures were collected at entry to prenatal care, and pregnancy outcomes were abstracted from medical record at delivery. RESULTS: After control for confounders including prepregnant body mass index (multiple logistic regression analysis), women who had moderately elevated plasma FFAs (in the highest tertile), showed a greater than threefold increased risk of preterm delivery (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) 3.49, 95% (CI) 1.73-7.03, P<.001). The associations persisted in women who had spontaneous preterm delivery (AOR 2.35, 95% CI 1.05-5.28, P<.05) and after excluding women with gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia (AOR 3.30, 95% CI 1.38-7.87, P<.01). Additional stratified analyses showed that the association of high maternal FFAs and increased risk of preterm delivery was independent of prepregnant obesity. CONCLUSION: Elevated fasting plasma FFA levels at 30 weeks of gestation were associated with an increased risk of preterm delivery. This effect was independent of prepregnant obesity and several other known risk factors for preterm delivery, including cigarette smoking, ethnicity, and prior preterm delivery. These data may have important clinical significance because they provide a possible link between preterm delivery and high lipid levels, a known risk factor for cardiovascular disease. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Infantile cardiomyopathy caused by the T14709C mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA glutamic acid gene; A 6-week-old child presented with hypotonia, myopathy, and a rapidly worsening dilated cardiomyopathy with severe atrial and ventricular arrhythmias and pulmonary hypertension, which proved fatal at age 3 months. Biochemical analysis showed a combined deficiency of the enzymatic activities of complexes I and IV and molecular studies identified a T14709C mutation in the mitochondrial tRNA glutamic acid gene. A review of symptomatology in patients with this mutation shows that it mainly presents in childhood or young adults with mild myopathy and diabetes mellitus. Infants with a high, nearly homoplasmic mutant load can present with more severe symptoms including cardiomyopathy. Families with this mitochondrial DNA mutation should be aware that increased mutant load in a subsequent generation may result in severe and often fatal cardiac symptoms. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Effect of pioglitazone on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in non-diabetic premenopausal Hispanic women with prior gestational diabetes; The Pioglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (PIPOD) study was a single arm 3-year open-label pioglitazone treatment to determine the effects of pioglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) who had completed the troglitazone in the Prevention of Diabetes (TRIPOD) study. Here we report the results on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis, measured by carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) in non-diabetic women. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates during pioglitazone treatment to rates that had been observed during either placebo or troglitazone treatment in the TRIPOD study. Sixty-one women met the entry criteria with mean age of 40 years. In the 30 women who came to PIPOD from the placebo arm of TRIPOD, the CIMT rate was 69% lower during pioglitazone treatment than it had been during placebo (0.0031 vs. 0.0100 mm/yr, p = 0.006). In the 31 women who came to PIPOD from the troglitazone arm of TRIPOD, CIMT rate was 38% lower during pioglitazone than it had been during troglitazone, a difference that was not statistically significant (0.0037 vs. 0.0060 mm/year; p = 0.26). Adjustment for differences in baseline characteristics and potential on-trial confounders did not alter the conclusion but did increase the CIMT rates differences slightly. We conclude that treatment with pioglitazone slowed CIMT progression in women who had been on placebo in the TRIPOD study and maintained a relatively low rate of progression in women who had been on troglitazone. Pioglitazone slows progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in young Hispanic women at increased risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A young woman with dyspnea.; A 35-year-old Sri Lankan woman (gravida 3, para 3, abortus 0) presented to the Jewish General Hospital (Montreal, Quebec) with shortness of breath and diffuse swelling. She was five months postpartum of her most recent delivery, which was complicated by pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes. She described a three-week history of progressive exertional dyspnea, orthopnea and paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea. There was no history of recent viral illness, and the patient had no traditional risk factors for coronary artery disease. A physical examination, laboratory results and echocardiography were typical for heart failure. A presumptive diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made. To initiate a transplant referral, coronary angiography was performed. Six discrete atherosclerotic lesions were found, notably left main equivalent disease. A diagnosis of ischemic cardiomyopathy was made, and the patient was referred for high-risk coronary artery bypass surgery and transplant. The present case illustrates the excess burden of coronary artery disease borne in south Asian patient populations.
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for Cesarean section wound in diabetes mellitus gravida; We report the use of hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) therapy to treat the complication of necrotizing fasciitis following Cesarean section in a postpartum gravida with diabetes mellitus. Our patient was a 25-year-old, gravida 1, para 1, woman with a history of type 1 diabetes mellitus since the age of 18. The patient experienced preterm labor at 31+1 gestational weeks and was treated with magnesium sulfate for tocolytic therapy. The patient then went into labor at 39+6 gestational weeks. She received Cesarean section due to prolonged labor associated with non-reassuring fetal status of both smooth baseline and fetal tachycardia. An ultrasound scan of the lower abdomen on the 4th postoperative day revealed fluid collection measuring 4 mm over the rectus fascia and edematous change of the surrounding soft tissues under the Cesarean section incision site. The patient eventually received HBO for a total of 7 days. Following HBO, the condition of the surgical wound improved dramatically. The results of this case showed that HBO has the potential to be a cost-effective way to enhance the healing of necrotizing fasciitis in diabetes mellitus gravida. © 2008 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
Prenatal imaging: Ultrasonography and magnetic resonance imaging; The Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development held a workshop on September 18-19, 2006, to summarize the available evidence on the role and performance of current fetal imaging technology and to establish a research agenda. Ultrasonography is the imaging modality of choice for pregnancy evaluation due to its relatively low cost, real-time capability, safety, and operator comfort and experience. First-trimester ultrasonography extends the available window for fetal observation and raises the possibility of performing an early anatomic survey. Three-dimensional ultrasonography has the potential to expand the clinical application of ultrasonography by permitting local acquisition of volumes and remote review and interpretation at specialized centers. New advances allow performance of fetal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) without maternal or fetal sedation, with improved characterization and prediction of prognosis of certain fetal central nervous system anomalies such as ventriculomegaly when compared with ultrasonography. Fewer data exist on the usefulness of fetal MRI for non-central nervous system anomalies. © 2008 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
What does the obstetrician expect from the internist during prenatal care?; Cooperation between the obstetrician and the physician for internal medicine is especially needed when a pregnant woman suffers from complex medical diseases. This contribution focuses on the special circumstances of maternal treatment also considering the fetal state with the following examples: drugs in the first trimester, cardiac diseases, pregnancy-induced hypertension, HELLP syndrome, gestational and type I diabetes, thrombosis, pulmonary diseases, infections, and treatment of cancer during pregnancy. Special obstetric requests to the physician are: keeping in close contact, avoiding recommendations for the mode of delivery, avoiding overtreatment of hypertensive disorders as well as intensifying the surveillance including the creation of preventive schedules for pregnant women with an increased risk of developing metabolic syndrome in their later life. © 2008 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Costello syndrome: Clinical diagnosis in the first year of life; We report on three patients with Costello syndrome (CS) diagnosed during the first year of life and try to outline the clinical characteristics facilitating early recognition of this syndrome, which can now be corroborated by testing the HRAS gene. Phenotypical overlap of CS with Noonan (NS) and cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome (CFCS), particularly in neonatal age, is well known. Diagnostic features useful for recognition of CS in the first year of life are the following: (1) fetal and neonatal macrosomia with subsequent slow growth due to severe feeding difficulties, (2) developmental delay, (3) particularly coarse facial dysmorphisms and gingival hyperplasia, (4) skeletal anomalies as osteoporosis and metaphyseal enlargement, (5) hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) with asymmetric septal thickening and systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve, and (6) specific atrial arrhythmias. Following a clinical suspect of CS based on specific features, molecular screening of HRAS gene mutations should precede analysis of the other genes in the Ras-MAPK pathway implicated in related disorders with overlapping phenotypes. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Assessment of diastolic ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers using tissue Doppler; Objective: To identify the presence of ventricular diastolic dysfunction by tissue Doppler in fetuses of diabetic mothers, with or without septal hypertrophy, in comparison to fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. Methods: A contemporary transverse study in fetuses with a gestational age between 25 weeks to term, studying diastolic function by assessment using tissue Doppler and pulsed wave Doppler of the atrioventricular diastolic flow. The mothers of the fetuses all had previous or gestational diabetes, and were referred to the Fetal Cardiology Unit of the Institute of Cardiology in Porto Alegre, Brazil. We analysed variance with the Student-Neumann-Keuls post hoc test. An alfa of 0.05 was considered significant for statistical analysis. Results: The mean myocardial velocities of the E′ and A′ waves at the mural mitral annulus, in fetuses of diabetic mothers with myocardial hypertrophy, were, respectively, 7.00 plus or minus 1.6 centimetres per second, and 10.24 plus or minus 3.3 centimetres per second. In the fetuses of diabetic mothers group without myocardial hypertrophy, the comparable values were 7.19 plus or minus 2.4 centimetres per second and 10.77 plus or minus 3.77 centimetres per second, respectively. In the control group, they were 4.81 plus or minus 0.85 centimetres per second and 8.01 plus or minus 2.2 centimetres per second. The difference between the velocities in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in fetal normal mothers was statistically significant (p less than 0.05). Statistically significant differences were also observed in E′ and A′ diastolic waves at the aortic mitral annulus, as well as for the tricuspid annulus when tissue Doppler assessment was carried out in the same sample. The mean ratio between the E and E′ of mitral and tricuspid waves in the control fetuses of normal mothers was significantly higher than in fetuses of diabetic mothers. Conclusion: Pulsed tissue Doppler, when used in fetuses of diabetic mothers and compared with fetuses of nondiabetic mothers, shows evidence of impaired diastolic function, independently of the presence of myocardial hypertrophy. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Metformin versus insulin for the treatment of gestational diabetes; Background: Metformin is a logical treatment for women with gestational diabetes mellitus, but randomized trials to assess the efficacy and safety of its use for this condition are lacking. Methods: We randomly assigned 751 women with gestational diabetes mellitus at 20 to 33 weeks of gestation to open treatment with metformin (with supplemental insulin if required) or insulin. The primary outcome was a composite of neonatal hypoglycemia, respiratory distress, need for phototherapy, birth trauma, 5-minute Apgar score less than 7, or prematurity. The trial was designed to rule out a 33% increase (from 30% to 40%) in this composite outcome in infants of women treated with metformin as compared with those treated with insulin. Secondary outcomes included neonatal anthropometric measurements, maternal glycemic control, maternal hypertensive complications, postpartum glucose tolerance, and acceptability of treatment. Results: Of the 363 women assigned to metformin, 92.6% continued to receive metformin until delivery and 46.3% received supplemental insulin. The rate of the primary composite outcome was 32.0% in the group assigned to metformin and 32.2% in the insulin group (relative risk, 1.00; 95% confidence interval, 0.90 to 1.10). More women in the metformin group than in the insulin group stated that they would choose to receive their assigned treatment again (76.6% vs. 27.2%, P<0.001). The rates of other secondary outcomes did not differ significantly between the groups. There were no serious adverse events associated with the use of metformin. Conclusions: In women with gestational diabetes mellitus, metformin (alone or with supplemental insulin) is not associated with increased perinatal complications as compared with insulin. The women preferred metformin to insulin treatment. (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, 12605000311651.) Copyright © 2008 Massachusetts Medical Society.
Exercise for Preventing Childhood Obesity; Childhood obesity is a key public health issue in the United States and around the globe in developed and developing countries. Obese children are at increased risk of acute medical illnesses and chronic diseases-in particular, osteoarthritis, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, which can lead to poor quality of life; increased personal and financial burden to individuals, families, and society; and shortened lifespan. Physical inactivity and sedentary lifestyle are associated with being overweight in children and adults. Thus it is imperative to consider exercise and physical activity as a means to prevent and combat the childhood obesity epidemic. Familiarity with definitions of weight status in children and health outcomes like metabolic syndrome is crucial in understanding the literature on childhood obesity. Exercise and physical activity play a role in weight from the prenatal through adolescent time frame. A child's family and community impact access to adequate physical activity, and further study of these upstream issues is warranted. Recommended levels of physical activity for childhood obesity prevention are being developed. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Prevalence and outcome of congenital heart disease in patients with neural tube defect; A prospective clinical study was designed to establish the risk factors, the prevalence, and the progress of congenital heart defects in children with neural tube defects. Study included 90 children with a mean age of 13.5 ± 30.4 months. There were 53 (59%) patients with spina bifida occulta and 37 (41%) patients with spina bifida aperta. The overall prevalence of congenital heart disease was 27.8% (40.5% in spina bifida aperta and 18.9% in spina bifida occulta; P = .024). There was no statistically significant difference for maternal age, usage of periconceptional folate, and maternal diabetes between the patient and control groups. The authors conclude that congenital heart defects are more common than reported in neural tube defects, and screening echocardiograms are warranted. This should be kept in mind especially in patients requiring minor or major surgical procedures. Furthermore, routine obstetric examination and therefore the use of periconceptional folic acid during pregnancy is still lacking in our country. © 2008 Sage Publications.
Air embolism during elective cesarean section, and uterine atony due to fetal macrosomia; We report the case of a paradoxical air embolism during a scheduled cesarean section for fetal macrosomia (7.010 kg) in a 38-year-old woman with a history of gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Spinal anesthesia was satisfactory and well tolerated. After approximately 30 minutes (coinciding with uterine exteriorization), the patient presented a sudden episode of dyspnea, confusion, hypotension, and ST segment depression. The episode lasted approximately 10 minutes and resolved spontaneously with no sequelae. Neurological status and the electrocardiogram were normal at the end of surgery and no postoperative lesions were observed. In the immediate postoperative period, the patient presented a massive hemorrhage due to uterine atony. Echocardiography revealed a patent foramen ovale. The clinical signs in this patient are highly suggestive of a paradoxical cerebral and coronary air embolism.
Differences in low-grade chronic inflammation and insulin resistance in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus and women with polycystic ovary syndrome; Background. Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are both characterized by an increase in insulin resistance. Our goal in the present study was to measure insulin resistance (as estimated by homeostasis model assessment, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) and adiponectin concentrations) and parameters of low-grade inflammation in non-diabetic, non-hyperandrogenic ovulatory women with previous GDM (pGDM) and in non-diabetic women with classic PCOS, characterized by hyperandrogenism and oligo/anovulation. Patients and design. We evaluated 20 women with PCOS, 18 women with pGDM and 19 controls, all matched according to body mass index (BMI). Fasting blood samples were drawn in all women 3-6 days after spontaneous or dydrogesterone-induced withdrawal bleeding. Body fat distribution was assessed using dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry in all women. Results. After adjusting for age and percent body fat, measures of insulin resistance such as SHBG and adiponectin concentrations were decreased and central obesity was increased in women with PCOS and pGDM compared with controls (all p<0.05). Parameters of low-grade inflammation such as serum tumor necrosis factor-α and highly sensitive C-reactive protein concentrations, white blood cell and neutrophil count were increased only in women with PCOS compared with BMI-matched controls (all p<0.05). Conclusions. Certain markers of insulin resistance are increased in both women with PCOS and women with pGDM, while low-grade inflammation is increased only in PCOS. PCOS and GDM might represent specific phenotypes of one disease entity with an increased risk of cardiovascular disease, whereby women with PCOS demonstrate an augmented cardiovascular risk profile. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Associations between periodontal diseases and systemic diseases: A review of the inter-relationships and interactions with diabetes, respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases and osteoporosis; The aim of this review article is to examine the associations between periodontal diseases and common systemic diseases, namely diabetes, respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases and osteoporosis. A substantial number of review articles have been published to elucidate the relationships between these diseases; however, none provide a complete overview on this topic from the aspects of definition, classification, clinical characteristics and manifestations, inter-relationships and interactions, proposed schematic mechanisms, clinical implications and management of periodontal patients with these systemic diseases. The aim of this article is to provide an overall understanding and general concepts of these issues in a concise and inter-related manner. © 2007 The Royal Institute of Public Health.
Intrapartum fetal ECG and diabetes; Aim. The objective of this study was to determine the prevalence and types of ST-segment changes of the fetal electrocardiogram (FECG) during labour in term fetuses born to mothers with diabetes mellitus (DM) or gestational diabetes. Methods. This was a retrospective case-control study involving populations from two multi centre trials: the Swedish Randomized Control Trial and the European Union ST-analysis (EU-STAN) trial. ST-segment changes were assessed in 104/309 cases and 207/468 controls from the Swedish and EU-STAN trials, respectively. Results. ST depression was present on the FECG in 22.1% of fetuses of mothers with DM compared to 12% of controls OR = 2.6, 95% CI = 1.4-4.7, p = 0.002 after adjusting for trial, birth weight, and nulliparity. ST elevation was present in 47.1% of DM patients and 41.2% of controls (OR = 1.4, 95% CI = 0.9-2.3, p = 0.18). Conclusion. ST depression on the FECG was significantly more prevalent in the fetuses of mothers with DM, probably not indicating hypoxia but an altered ability of the myocardium to respond to the stress of labour. Further studies into the mechanism of fetal compromise during diabetic labour, are required. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Diabetes therapy in pregnant women; Diabetes type 2 has increased in adult women due to higher frequency of obesity and sedentary lifestyle, and thus cardiovascular diseases have increased. Hyperglycemia control and, collaterally, high blood pressure and dyslipidemia correction are the basis of its therapy. This paper evaluates oral antidiabetic drugs effectiveness and preference. Gestational diabetes is a cause of morbidity and mortality in fetuses and newborns, it has to be timely diagnosed, and needs a strict control, same to diabetes type 1. Gyneco-obstetrical doctor must be alert to diabetes signs and closely work in its therapy.
Evidence of interaction between PPARG2 and HNF4A contributing to variation in insulin sensitivity in mexican americans; OBJECTIVE--We hypothesized that interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and variants in the promoter region of HNF4A are associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits in Mexican-American families of a proband with previous gestational diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-The BetaGene project genotyped PPARG2 Pro12Ala and nine HNF4A single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 473 individuals in 89 families. Members of the proband generation had fasting glucose <126 mg/dl and were phenotyped by oral and intravenous glucose tolerance tests. RESULTS-Neither PPARG2 Pro12Ala nor any of the nine HNF4A SNPs were independently associated with type 2 diabetes-related quantitative traits. However, the interaction between PPARG2 Pro12Ala and HNF4A rs2144908 was significantly associated with both insulin sensitivity (S:) (Bonferroni P = 0.0006) and 2-h insulin (Bonferroni P = 0.039). Subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had 40% higher S:I compared with individuals with at least one G allele. SI did not vary by rs2144908 genotype among PPARG2 Pro/Pro. The interaction result for SI was replicated by the Insulin Resistance Atherosclerosis Family Study (P = 0.018) in their San Antonio sample (n = 484) where subjects with at least one PPARG2 Ala allele and homozygous for the HNF4A rs2144908 A allele had a 29% higher SI compared with individuals with at least one G allele. However, the interaction was not replicated in their San Luis Valley sample (n = 496; P = 0.401). CONCLUSIONS-Together, these results suggest that variation in PPARG2 and HNF4A may interact to regulate insulin sensitivity in Mexican Americans at risk for type 2 diabetes. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Increased fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion in type-1 diabetic pregnancies; Background. We hypothesised that human fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion is increased in type-1 diabetic pregnancies with normal placental hemodynamics, and this increase is related to the first trimester maternal glycemic control. Methods. Thirty-two neonates of type-1 diabetic mothers and 60 neonates born after uncomplicated pregnancy and labour (control group) were included in this study. Diabetic pregnancies were divided into two subgroups based on the first trimester HbA1c value. Group 1 pregnancies (n =22) had a good glycemic control (HbA1c <7.5%) and Group 2 pregnancies (n =10) had a poor glycemic control (HbA1c ≥7.5%). At delivery, an umbilical artery (UA) blood sample was obtained for assessment of N-terminal peptide of proatrial (NT-proANP) and proB-type (NT-proBNP) natriuretic peptide levels. In diabetic pregnancies, each fetus had normal UA Doppler velocimetry for gestational age. Results. The newborn UA NT-proANP and NT-proBNP concentrations were significantly higher in type-1 diabetic pregnancies than in the control group. Group 2 fetuses with poor glycemic control showed significantly higher UA NT-proANP levels than Group 1 fetuses. UA NT-proANP levels correlated significantly with maternal HbA1c values in the first, second and third trimesters, while UA NT-proBNP levels did not correlate with maternal HbA1c values. Conclusions. In type-1 diabetic pregnancies, fetal cardiac natriuretic peptide secretion is increased, even in the presence of good glycemic control and normal placental hemodynamics. In addition, fetal NT-proANP levels are already related to maternal glycemic control in the first trimester of pregnancy. © 2008 Taylor & Francis.
Prevalence of the impaired glucose metabolism and its association with risk factors for coronary artery disease in women with gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes (GDM) has increased risk of diabetes (DM2), a coronary artery disease (CAD) equivalent. The aim of this study was to determine the prevalence of impaired glucose metabolism (IGM) in GDM and its association with risk factors for CAD. A cohort of 109 women with GDM underwent a glucose tolerance test which classified them into three groups: diabetic (DM2) (fasting glucose (G) ≥126 mg/dl or plasma glucose 2 h (2-h G) ≥200 mg/dl); impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) (G 100-125 mg/dl and/or 2-h G 140-199 mg/dl); and normal (N) (G < 100 mg/dl and/or 2-h < 140 mg/dl). They were compared for pre-gestational (PBMI) and current (CBMI) body mass index, systolic (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP), G, lipids, fibrinogen and C-reactive protein (hsCRP). Thirty two months after delivery, 17.4% presented DM2, 39.4% IGT and 43.1% were N. PBMI, CBMI, SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the DM2 than N. G was higher in DM2 and IGT. HDL-cholesterol (HDL-C) was higher in the N (p = 0.02) and the triglycerides (TG) were higher in DM2 (p = 0.02). The groups showed significantly different levels of hsCRP (p = 0.002). We conclude that the high prevalence of IGM, overweight/obesity, dyslipidemia and altered inflammatory markers, make GDM a high-risk situation for CAD. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Maternal Morbidity, Mortality, and Risk Assessment; Maternal deaths in developed countries continue to decline and are rare. Maternal mortality statistics are essentially similar in the United States and United Kingdom. However, the situation is completely different in developing countries, where maternal mortality exceeds 0.5 million every year. This article not only assesses morbidity risks in some of the leading causes of maternal death but also highlights strategies to minimize the risks and to prevent maternal morbidity and mortality. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In vitro hyperglycemia or a diabetic intrauterine environment reduces neonatal endothelial colony-forming cell numbers and function; OBJECTIVE-Emerging data demonstrate that maternal diabetes has long-term health consequences for offspring, including the development of hypertension. In adults, circulating endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs) participate in vascular repair, and EPC numbers and function inversely correlate with the risk of developing vascular disease. Therefore, our objectives were to determine whether hyperglycemia or exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment alters EPC function. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS-We used well-established clonogenic endothelial colony-forming cell (ECFC) assays and murine transplantation experiments to examine human vasculogenesis. RESULTS-Both in vitro hyperglycemia and a diabetic intrauterine environment reduced ECFC colony formation, self-renewal capacity, and capillary-like tube formation in matrigel. This cellular phenotype was linked to premature senescence and reduced proliferation. Further, cord blood ECFCs from diabetic pregnancies formed fewer chimeric vessels de novo after transplantation into immunodeficient mice compared with neonatal ECFCs harvested from uncomplicated pregnancies. CONCLUSIONS- Collectively, these data demonstrate that hyperglycemia or exposure to a diabetic intrauterine environment diminishes neonatal ECFC function both in vitro and in vivo, providing potential mechanistic insights into the long-term cardiovascular complications observed in newborns of diabetic pregnancies. © 2008 by the American Diabetes Association.
Intrauterine risk factors for precocious atherosclerosis; Evidence from noninvasive ultrasound studies of the neonatal aorta and fetal and early childhood postmortem studies indicates that impaired fetal growth, in utero exposure to maternal hypercholesterolemia, and diabetic macrosomia may all be important risk factors for vascular changes consistent with the earliest physical signs of atherosclerosis. Although the exact mechanisms that underlie these associations remain unclear, animal models have suggested that the use of antioxidant, lipid- lowering, and other innovative therapies may counteract the impact of these intrauterine risk factors for cardiovascular disease. This review summarizes the current evidence for intrauterine factors that have a direct impact on atherosclerosis and provides potential treatment and prevention strategies. Copyright © 2008 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Metabolic syndrome and the menopause; The metabolic syndrome consists of a combination of risk factors that include abdominal obesity, atherogenic dyslipidaemia, hypertension and insulin resistance. It increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The increased risk of cardiovascular disease is higher in women than in men. The first manifestation of metabolic syndrome may occur in pregnancy presenting as gestational diabetes or preeclampsia. Both conditions are associated with increased insulin resistance. Also metabolic syndrome is more common in polycystic ovarian syndrome. It has been suggested that there is a metabolic syndrome resulting from the menopause due to estrogen deficiency, as many of the risk factors are more prevalent in postmenopausal women. Also estrogen replacement improves insulin sensitivity and reduces the risk of diabetes. The key elements in managing the metabolic syndrome are weight reduction, increasing physical activity and diet modification. If blood pressure, lipid and glycaemic control are not achieved through these interventions then pharmacological therapy will be required.
Incidence and risk patterns of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium-a register-based case-control study; Objective: This study was undertaken to estimate the incidence of venous thromboembolism in pregnancy and puerperium and to identify risk factors for pregnancy-related venous thromboembolism. Study Design: A register-based case-control study with 613,232 pregnancies from 1990-2003 in 11 Norwegian counties. Medical records for eligible cases were revisited and relevant medical data were transferred to a specific case-report form. The diagnosis of venous thromboembolism was based on strict criteria. Data were analyzed by χ2 test and forward stepwise logistic regression. Results: In total, 615 cases were detected. The incidence of venous thromboembolism was 1 per 1000 pregnancies. The ante- and postnatal incidences were quite similar. Antenatal risk factors were assisted reproduction, gestational diabetes, age older than 35 years, multiple pregnancies, and primi-parity. Postnatal risk factors were cesarean section, preeclampsia, assisted reproduction, abruptio placenta, and placenta previa. Conclusion: We found different ante- and postnatal risk patterns. Assisted reproduction and gestational diabetes were significant antenatal risk factors; whereas cesarean section and preeclampsia were strong postnatal risk factors. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Insulin and carbohydrate metabolism; Fetal glucose exposure and consequent fetal insulin secretion is normally tightly regulated by glucose delivery from the mother during pregnancy. Maternal hyperglycaemia and gestational diabetes (GDM) are known to be detrimental to offspring, although defining the criteria for diagnosis of GDM is controversial. Recent data suggest that the risk of poor fetal outcome appears to be a continuous variable across the range of glucose control, and that the level of maternal blood glucose for a diagnosis of gestational diabetes needs to be reviewed. After birth, rapid adaptation is necessary for infants to be able to maintain independent glucose homeostasis. This adaptation is compromised in infants who are small for gestational age (SGA), premature, or large for gestational age (LGA). Interestingly, the infants who are born at the extremes of birth weight are also at increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes in later life. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Medical therapy in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome before and during pregnancy and lactation; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is probably the most common endocrinopathy in women of childbearing age, and is particularly common in African-American and Hispanic ethnic groups. It is characterized by oligo-amenorrhea, clinical and/or biochemical hyperandrogenism, polycystic ovaries, and, often, morbid obesity. PCOS is associated with infertility and frequent 1st trimester miscarriage, and with an increased risk of gestational diabetes. Insulin resistance with compensatory hyperinsulinemia plays an important role in the pathogenesis of PCOS. Reduction of hyperinsulinemia with metformin-diet is associated not only with improvement of the biochemical endocrinopathy, but, commonly, with restoration of menstrual cycles and fertility. The combination of metformin and clomiphene citrate (CC) in CC resistant patients provides additional benefit to a subset of patients, not responsive to metformin alone. Metformin appears to be safe for mothers and neonates (non-teratogenic) during pregnancy, though the results of double-blinded placebo-controlled studies are not yet available. Benefits from metformin therapy during pregnancy include reduction of miscarriage, reduction in likelihood of developing gestational diabetes, reduction in fetal macrosomia, and prevention of excessive maternal weight gain during pregnancy. Rosiglitazone and pioglitazone are effective therapy for ovulation induction, but pregnancy class C and should not be used during pregnancy.
Haemodynamic contributions to the pathogenesis of preeclampsia and eclampsia; The pathophysiologic sequence of preeclampsia has been tightly linked to the presumed presence of a pathologicmolecule of placental origin, the most recent Toxin of Toxaemia. While it is clear that the presence of the placenta is required for disease because placental removal initiates recovery, the specific placental signal centrally involved in this sequence remains unknown. There are significant limitations to the proposed "two stage" theory of preeclampsia which is hypothesized to be initiated by disordered placental invasion. Alternative to this hypothesis is that the placental signal of importance in the development of maternal hypertension and proteinuria is a physiologic one and involves the drive towards volume expansion. Evidence in animal models of pregnancy further suggest that normal physiologic changes in pregnancy occurring within the cerebral circulation may predispose to the development of vasogenic oedema without the need for additional explanatory toxins or pathways. When these physiologic events are superimposed on a specific prepregnancy phenotype, preeclampsia results. Similar to the way that gestational diabetes uncovers prepregnancy predispositions to diabetes and is associated with the development of diabetes mellitus in later life preeclampsia appears to uncover a predisposition to cardiovascular disease. Some elements of this predisposition may be identified through prepregnancy evaluation. These elements include platelet activation, augmented sympathetic tone and a pro-inflammatory cytokine environment which may likewise contribute to the development of cardiovascular disease in later life. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Hypocalcemia in the newborn; Healthy term babies undergo a physiological nadir in serum calcium levels by 24-48 hours of age. The nadir may be related to the delayed response of parathyroid and calcitonin hormones in a newborn. This nadir may drop to hypocalcemic levels in high-risk neonates including infants of diabetic mothers, preterm infants and infants with perinatal asphyxia. The early onset hypocalcemia which presents within 72 hours, requires treatment with calcium supplementation for at least 72 hours. In contrast, late onset hypocalcemia usually presents after 7 days and requires long term therapy. Ionized calcium is crucial for many biochemical processes and total serum calcium is a poor substitute for the diagnosis of hypocalcemia. © 2008 Dr. K C Chaudhuri Foundation.
Labor monitoring in high-risk situations; Intrapartum asphyxia is increased in several situations such as intrauterine growth retardation, preterm labor, postdate pregnancy or maternal diabetes. In all these cases, fetal heart rate monitoring should be preferred to intermittent auscultation. Fetal scalp blood pH or lactates can be used to identify fetuses at risk of intrapartum asphyxia. However, fetal scalp blood sampling should not delay delivery in case of severe abnormal fetal heart rate as fetal asphyxia could occur rapidly in theses high-risk pregnancies. Data is insufficient to recommend fetal pulse oximetry or ECG analysis. Research should be undertaken to evaluate their performance in these situations. © 2007 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Perspectives on obesity, pregnancy and birth outcomes in the United States: The scope of the problem; Obesity poses a serious health challenge. In addition to being a serious disease in its own right, obesity has also added fuel to a multitude of other diseases. An increasing body of evidence indicates that obesity does indeed beget obesity: children of obese parents have a strong tendency toward obesity and a multitude of resultant complications. Although preventive measures are, in many cases, relatively straightforward and simple, the vicious cycle of obesity is rapidly spiraling upward as this tendency is passed from parent to child. Judging by the speed of its progression and the toll it is taking, obesity can truly be called America's newest and fastest-growing epidemic. © 2008 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Drug Insight: Insulin-sensitizing drugs in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome - A reappraisal; The recognition that insulin resistance has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) revolutionized our understanding of this complex disorder. PCOS causes major metabolic and reproductive morbidities, including substantially increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and the metabolic syndrome. Insulin-sensitizing drugs (ISDs) ameliorate reproductive abnormalities, restore ovulation and regular menses, increase pregnancy rates and reduce androgenic symptoms in affected women with PCOS. Accordingly, ISDs, specifically metformin, have been widely adopted as therapy for this condition. A recent, large, randomized, multicenter, clinical trial that assessed live-birth rates rather than surrogate end points suggested that metformin alone is inferior to clomiphene citrate in treating infertility associated with PCOS. There is, furthermore, no evidence to support the use of metformin during pregnancy to prevent spontaneous abortions or gestational diabetes mellitus in women with PCOS. Renewed safety concerns about thiazolidinediones followed recent studies that reported increased cardiovascular morbidity with these agents. These concerns might preclude thiazolidinedione use in otherwise healthy women with PCOS. Finally, although ISDs improve insulin action and cardiovascular disease risk, there is no evidence that they provide long-term health benefits in PCOS. This article discusses the role of ISDs in PCOS in light of these new data. ©2008 Nature Publishing Group.
Thiazolidinediones and the preservation of β-cell function, cellular proliferation and apoptosis; The thiazolidinediones (TZDs) or glitazones are pharmaceutical agents that have profound effects on energy expenditure and conservation. They also exert significant anti-inflammatory effects and influence cell proliferation and cell death. The drugs are primarily used in clinical practice in the treatment of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, a disorder of insulin resistance that occurs when the pancreatic β-cells are unable to produce adequate amounts of insulin to maintain euglycaemia. Loss of pancreatic β-cell function in type 2 diabetes is progressive and often precedes overt diabetes by 10 years or more, as was shown by the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study. Any therapeutic or preventive approach that would limit or reverse loss of β-cell function in diabetes would have profound effects on the morbidity associated with this widespread disease. Evidence suggesting a potential role of TZDs in preserving β-cell function in type 2 diabetes as well as the ability of these agents to exert anti-inflammatory and proapoptotic anticancer effects, and their ability to promote cellular proliferation in various organs is reviewed. © 2007 The Authors Journal Compilation © 2007 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Blood pressure and lipid changes in gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: It is suggested that gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is the earliest phase of DM. Nowadays DM is treated as a part of insulin resistance syndrome - patients with DM tend to be obese, dyslipidemic and hypertensive. It is postulated that similar abnormalities are found in GDM patients. Methods: The study was conducted among 81 women with GDM and 41 healthy controls. After diagnosis or negative screening for GDM the women underwent 24-hour blood pressure monitoring and measurements of plasma lipids, insulin concentrations and insulin resistance (expressed by HOMA score). The incidence of gestational hypertension and blood pressure until delivery was also analyzed. Results: 17 (21%) of GDM women and only 1 glucose tolerant control developed pregnancy induced hypertension. GDM women had significantly higher arterial pressure during the daytime and nighttime (accordingly 112.1/69.4 mmHg vs. 105.4/64.8 mmHg and 101.5/62.4 mmHg vs. 93.0/58.8 mmHg), although the average BP was within normal range. Heart rate was also faster in GDM group. Compared with healthy pregnant women, GDM patients had higher serum TG concentrations (247,9 vs 205 mg%; p<0,01), fasting insulin (66 vs 42,5 pmol/l; p<0,001) and insulin resistance (HOMA 2,15 vs 1,13; p<0,001). No correlation was found between blood pressure and insulin concentrations and insulin resistance among healthy and GDM women. Conclusions: The results suggest that symptoms of insulin resistance are present in GDM women. They are characterized by higher arterial blood pressure, heart rate, serum triglycerides, insulin and increased insulin resistance. © 2008 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Prevention and screening for type 2 diabetes in youth; Despite the rising prevalence of T2DM in adolescents and the significant implication that this has for future health and healthcare, T2DM and more mild forms of impairment in glucose metabolism remain relatively uncommon in the general pediatric population, and there is no evidence that widespread screening for glucose abnormalities is cost-effective. Even among children presumed to be at high risk due to medical or family history, ethnicity, or associated comorbidities, the low prevalence of unrecognized T2DM in children and adolescents does not support extensive screening efforts of unselected patients. Furthermore, both clinicians and clinical investigators need to address the economic and ethical implications of identifying number of children with impaired glucose metabolism that far exceed those with frank diabetes. Until we have evidence for prevention of progression to diabetes and related comorbidities through early intervention in these children, the value of identifying them is uncertain. Rather, studies reviewed here suggest that screening for T2DM in the pediatric population should be clinically focused and take into account not only those risk factors identified in the ADA guidelines, but also the clinical context, pubertal status, and the results of simple screening measures such as fasting glucose and triglycerides. The aim of such screening should be the identification of overt T2DM early enough to minimize risk for acute and chronic complications. More outcome-based research is required before general screening to identify children and adolescents with prediabetes or insulinresistance can be recommended.
Type 2 diabetes: Primary health care approach for prevention, screening and diagnosis in South Africa; We have reviewed large studies that demonstrate different methods that have been adopted to prevent or delay the progression to Type 2 diabetes in high-risk individuals. The principal interventions include behavioural modifications in diet and physical activity, use of insulin sensitisers such as metformin and glitazones, and alpha-glucosidase inhibitors. Although there is no evidence of benefit in health outcomes from large-scale population screening for impaired glucose tolerance. (IGT) or impaired fasting glucose (IFG), screening of high-risk individuals has merit During prolonged periods of dysglycaemia that precede diabetes, individuals remain largely asymptomatic. These periods can be from 8-10 years as extrapolated from the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study data. This phase of pre-diabetes is not innocuous, and is often associated with the concurrent development of complications, which highlights the importance of early detection and treatment of this 'silent killer', Although different methods for screening of diabetes are available, preferred techniques include measurement of fasting plasma glucose and 2 hr post-load plasma glucose. People should be encouraged to eat correct diets, be active, and maintain a healthy weight - these behaviours have other benefits in addition to preventing or delaying the onsetof Type 2 diabetes. There are various diagnostic criteria used for the diagnosis of diabetes. In this article we have presented two sets of criteria, one from the World Health Organization (WHO) and the other from the Americam Diabetes Association (ADA).
Reference values for neonatal thyroid volumes in a moderately iodine-deficient area; Background: The reference ranges of thyroid volumes in neonates vary according to the iodine status of a specific region. In different studies, it ranged between 0.47 and 1.62 ml. It has been previously shown that Bursa city was a moderately iodine-deficient area. We therefore aimed at determining normal reference ranges of neonatal thyroid volumes in our moderately iodine-deficient area. Methods: In this cross-sectional study, thyroid volumes of 100 healthy full-term neonates (51 boys and 49 girls; mean gestational age 38.9±1.1 weeks; and mean birth-weight 3370±446 g) were measured during the first week of life using thyroid ultrasonography. These data were compared with the gestational age, birth weight, gender, and TSH values of neonates as well as with maternal factors such as gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, smoking, medication use, and heart disease. Results: All blood samples for TSH were taken during the first 5 days (mean 1.09±0.9 days). The mean TSH levels in all male and female neonates were 3.77±3.71, 4.57±3.61, and 2.93±3.66 mlU/l, respectively. This difference was statistically significant (p=0.006). Mean thyroid volumes for all male and female neonates were calculated as 0.82±0.18 (range 0.51-2.04), 0.84±0.21 (range 0.51-2.04), and 0.80±0.14 ml (range 0.58-1.30), respectively. There were no statistically significant differences in thyroid volumes with respect to gestational age, birth weight, gender, TSH values of neonates and maternal factors. Conclusion: Normal thyroid volumes in neonates vary between different regions. Local reference values should be used in thyroid volume assessment. Our results are in concordance with the literature and can be used as reference values for our region. ©2008, Editrice Kurtis.
Gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus: Particular considerations in the management of diabetic women; In the past 30 years, the all-cause mortality and cardiovascular mortality rates for women with diabetes mellitus (DM), in contrast to men, have not declined. Furthermore, the difference between all-cause mortality rates in women with DM and those without DM has more than doubled. This urgently needs addressing. This review will analyse published medical literature relating to the specific management of DM in women and try to identify areas where gender affects care. We have identified specific gender differences in the pathophysiology of glucose homeostasis disorder, diabetes-related complications and any female gender-specific features of women with diabetes, such as contraception and the menopause. These gender-specific features of DM may offer a route to improved care for women and new therapeutic possibilities. © 2008 The Author Journal Compilation © 2008 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Nongenomic memory of foetal history in chronic diseases development; Foetal growth from conception to birth is a complex process predetermined by the genetic configuration of the foetus, the availability of nutrients and oxygen to the foetus, maternal nutrition and various growth factors and hormones of maternal, foetal and placental origin. Maintenance of the optimal foetal environment is the key factor of the future quality of life. Such conditions like inadequate nutrition and oxygen supply, infection, hypertension, gestational diabetes or drug abuse by the mother, expose the foetus to nonphysiological environment. In conditions of severe intrauterine deprivation, there is a potential loss of structural units within the developing organ systems affecting their functionality and efficiency. Extensive human epidemiologic and animal model data indicate that during critical periods of prenatal and postnatal mammalian development, nutrition and other environmental stimuli influence developmental pathways and thereby induce permanent changes in metabolism and chronic disease susceptibility. The studies reviewed in this article show how environmental factors influence a diverse array of molecular mechanisms and consequently alter disease risk including diseases such as metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular diseases, insulin resistance and diabetes mellitus, neuropsychiatric disorders, osteoporosis, asthma and immune system diseases. © 2008 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Postpartum birth control: State-of-the-art; It takes some six weeks for menstrual flow to come back after delivery, but an ovulation may occur from the twenty-fifth day, especially in the absence of bottle feeding. That is the reason why postpartum birth control must be gets onto in maternity wards. Obstetricians and midwives are supposed to deliver update information about variant contraceptive means. They have to be able to diagnose any risk factor and to prescribe an efficient contraceptive option to every woman who wishes for it, before she leaves the maternity ward. Recent studies incite us to amend our medical behaviour regarding postpartum contraception, even if there is no consensus at present. In a normal context, without any add on risk factor, it is possible to prescribe a birth control pill containing low dosage of combined oral contraceptives. Doing that, you will not expose the patient to an increased risk of deep venous thrombosis nor to significant breastfeeding disruption. Low-dose progestin-only pills are also a good choice because there are no risks during the lactation. When the patient suffers from some disease which stops you from giving combined oral contraceptives, it is still possible to resort to progestin-only. It is now admitted to insert an intra-uterine device from the fourth or sixth week following the delivery. In certain conditions, it can be inserted over the 48 hours following a delivery, some obstetrician would even insert it during the caesarean section. The main purpose of these recent references is to simplify the contraceptive outline in order to ease its prescription and to avoid unwanted pregnancies. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
The Molecular Basis of Congenital Heart Disease; Clinically relevant congenital heart disease affects 1% of all live births. It is the leading cause of birth defects-related death in the United States, claiming more than 6000 lives per year. Despite the many advances in our understanding of cardiac development, the fundamental etiology for the majority of cases of congenital heart disease (CHD) remains unknown. Although causal links have been established, including maternal diabetes, exposure to drugs, and genetic variants in a few genes, these, at best, explain a small fraction of cases. Elucidating the molecular basis of CHD presents several challenges. While CHD has an increased risk of recurrence within families, suggesting genes are at play, CHD occurs with variable expressivity. Several chromosomal abnormalities clearly associate with CHD; however, many children with these same chromosomal abnormalities have normal hearts. Thus, the etiology cannot be explained by simple Mendelian genetics. Abnormal cardiac development occurs through a process that is complex, possibly involving both genetic and environmental risk factors. Because the majority of cases occur without known cause, the molecular basis of CHD is an active and evolving discussion. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Insulin sensitizers in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), characterized by hyperandrogenaemia, anovulation, and morphologic changes of ovaries, is frequently associated with unfavourable metabolic changes, especially obesity, hyperinsulinaemia, and insulin resistance. Primary approach in their treatment focuses on life-style changes and weight reduction; this may not be effective sufficiently. In women with PCOS, metformin ameliorates menstrual cycle irregularities. It is beneficial in infertility treatment improving results of ovulation induction by clomifen-citrate, gonadotropins, and also in conventional IVF protocols. It decreases significantly the risk of spontaneous abortion in the first trimester of pregnancy, and reduces the prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus. The safety of metformin in infertility treatment and pregnancy is still going to be confirmed. It is not clear whether metformin can influence hirsutism, and whether it can be useful in non-obese women with PCOS. The use of metformin to modify unfavourable metabolic changes caused by oral contraceptives, that remain the first option in treatment of PCOS also remains questionable. Longitudinal studies focused on prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in women with PCOS are absent as well. Positive effect on insulin sensitivity and androgen levels in PCOS was observed also for thiazolidinediones. Minimum attention was paid to possible positive effects of anti-obesity drugs.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction after gestation is associated to components of insulin resistance and early type 2 diabetes in latino women with previous gestational diabetes; Among patients with metabolic syndrome (MS), atherosclerosis and abnormal fibrinolytic function are frequently present, mostly owing to an increase in plasminogen activator inhibitor-1(PAI-1). We analyze PAI-1 in pregnant women, both normal and with gestational diabetes (GDM) and postpartum regarding its correlation to MS surrogates. Clinical characteristics, glucose tolerance (100 g-OGTT), lipids, PAI-1 antigen, insulin sensitivity (HOMA-S), and pancreatic β-cell function (HOMA-B) were investigated in 34 women. Eleven had normal glucose tolerance (NGT) during pregnancy and 23 had GDM (all GAD antibodies-negative). All patients were studied at 28-34 weeks of gestation and 16-24 weeks after delivery (75 g-OGTT). Parameters of interest were determined using commercial test systems. During pregnancy, PAI-1 was not statistically different between NGT and GDM (47 ± 25 ng/ml versus 47 ± 28 ng/ml, p = 0.9). After gestation, 19 (56%) women had NGT (11 of them from previous NGT group) and 15 (44%) had impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) or DM. The IGT (IGT + DM) group had higher PAI-1 (p = 0.01), which did not decreased after delivery NGT-NGT before and after delivery (47 ± 25 ng/ml versus 6 ± 5 ng/ml; p < 0.001), GDM-NGT (62 ± 36 ng/ml versus 14 ± 15 ng/ml; p = 0.001) and GDM-IGT (39 ± 20 ng/ml versus 27 ± 23 ng/ml; p = 0.15). PAI-1 levels were positively correlated (p < 0.05) to total cholesterol (rs = 0.37), triglycerides (rs = 0.48), fasting plasma glucose (rs = 0.52), 2-h plasma glucose in the OGTT (rs = 0.58) and were negatively correlated (p < 0.05) with HOMA-S (rs = -0.42) and HOMA-B (rs = -0.38). Fibrinolytic dysfunction is still present in GDM women and is associated with early development of IGT or T2DM. PAI correlated with surrogate markers of MS levels and may identify a group of women at risk for macroangiopathy. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Long-term outcomes in mothers diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus and their offspring; Mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are at high lifetime risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The magnitude of risk for cardiovascular disease after GDM is less well established. Recently, intervention trials using lifestyle modification or medications used to treat type 2 DM have successfully prevented/delayed development of DM in women after GDM. Offspring of mothers with GDM are at risk for development of obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism during childhood, adolescence, and adulthood. Factors responsible for these risks are not fully understood. Having fetal hyperinsulinism is a risk factor for development of both obesity and abnormal glucose metabolism, and might be implicated in pathophysiology. It remains to be established whether the long-term effects of exposure to diabetes mellitus during intrauterine development can be prevented. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome - Prognosis and treatment outcomes; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Polycystic ovarian syndrome is the commonest endocrine disorder of reproductive-age women. It may have implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility, insulin resistance and elevated androgens. Furthermore, patients are prone to health problems in later life, including diabetes and cardiovascular risk. This review provides an update of recent findings for the management of polycystic ovarian syndrome. RECENT FINDINGS: Studies have been performed to determine the best first-line medication for ovulation induction in polycystic ovarian syndrome. Meta-analyses have been performed to determine whether metformin should be used as an adjunct in IVF in women with this syndrome and to determine whether metformin or the oral contraceptive pill should be used for symptom control. Adverse features of this syndrome can be improved by diet and exercise. Evidence for the longer-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes, and for its pregnancy use to reduce gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and fetal macrosomia is lacking, although evidence for a reduction in miscarriage in insulin-resistant patients is accumulating. SUMMARY: Recent studies have sought to clarify the serious short-term clinical problems faced by women with polycystic ovarian syndrome; however, studies looking to the long term to address cardiovascular and diabetic conversion are still required. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Animal Models That Identify and Characterize Implications for Future Health; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
FDA's proactive role in the development of an artificial pancreas for the treatment of diabetes mellitus; One of the critical path initiatives of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is to accelerate the development and availability of a safe and effective artificial pancreas for the treatment of diabetes mellitus. The FDA has established a multidisciplinary group of scientists and clinicians, in partnership with the National Institutes of Health (NIH), to address the clinical, scientific and regulatory challenges related to this unique medical product. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features.; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application.
Cardiovascular risk in women after metabolic complications in pregnancy; Hypertensive pregnancy disorders complicate 10% of all pregnancies. In this article we discuss the spectrum of hypertensive conditions that may occur during pregnancy. Recent studies have consistently shown that hypertensive disorders in pregnancy implicate a two-fold higher risk for the development of hypertension and cardiovascular disease later in life. To optimise preventive management of cardiovascular disease in women with previous complicated pregnancies, we therefore recommend monitoring of hypertension and other cardiac risk factors at an early stage in life. Furthermore, the obstetric history should be routinely incorporated in cardiovascular risk assessment in women who seek medical attention for hypertension and/or cardiac symptoms.
Relationship between gestational diabetes and metabolic syndrome; Background: The metabolic syndrome (MS) is associated to a significant increase in the risk of diabetes, coronary heart disease and stroke, resulting in a 5-fold increase of the cardiovascular death rate. Aim: To determine the relationship between gestational diabetes (GD) and the development of MS at the end of puerperal period. Patients and Methods: We conducted a case-control study in the Curanilahue Hospital, in southern Chile, including 58 women with GD during their pregnancy, studied in day 42 of their puerperal period (study group) and 58 puerperal women from the same hospital, who had a physiological pregnancy (control group). Triglycerides, HDL cholesterol, fasting and post prandial blood glucose levels, blood pressure, waist circumference, weight and height were measured. MS was diagnosed using the National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP - ATP III) criteria. Results: Mean weight, body mass index, waist circumference, blood glucose and triglycerides were significantly higher in the study group and HDL cholesterol was significantly lower in the control group. Conclusions: These results suggest a significant relationship between GD and the ocurrence of MS.
Taurine-diabetes interaction: From involvement to protection; Taurine is a sulfur amino acid (2-amino ethane sulfonic acid) and has been claimed for a number of beneficial actions ranging from anti-epilepsy to anti-hypertension. Taurine in diabetes has an age old story; taurine is involved in the development and protection of insulin apparatus. Taurine and insulin both have mutual stimulating actions with hypoglycemic properties. On the clinical front, taurine supplementation has an acceptable beneficial effect in platelet aggregation and, to name few more, in neuropathy, cardiomyopathy, and nephropathy to retinopathy. Recent studies have provided a role for taurine in fetal development and in blocking the transfer of diabetes from diabetic mother to offspring. A number of mechanisms for the actions of taurine have been advocated, from osmoregulation to anti-oxidation. Though sulfonylurea and recently introduced thiazolidinediones are effective, however they are not free from complications, thus there is a need to design new therapeutics. As taurine is also a sulfonyl derivative, it will be of great interest to develop taurine analogues as an alternative therapy. Considering the great involvement of taurine in diabetes, this review may provide a holistic view of taurine in diabetes and in its prevention in this century. Copyright © by BIOLIFE, s.a.s.
Obesity and cardiometabolic syndrome in children; The cardiometabolic syndrome is highly prevalent among overweight youth. The risk of developing the cardiometabolic syndrome is likely triggered or exacerbated by concurrent obesity, unhealthy lifestyle/eating habits, and hormonal changes (puberty). Current screening recommendations include measurement of blood pressure, fasting insulin and glucose, and total cholesterol. However, limiting assessments to these measures underestimates cardiometabolic risk in overweight youth, particularly minorities. Early identification of cardiometabolic risk in its incipient stages may justify early and more aggressive intervention to prevent progression and complications. This review provides rationale for additional assessments to determine cardiometabolic risk in overweight youth and recommends treatment options. © SAGE Publications 2007.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Pregnancy; During pregnancy several physical and hormonal alterations may affect normal sleep and the respiratory system and predispose pregnant women to the development of sleep-disordered breathing (SDB) or worsen pre-existing obstructive sleep apnea syndrome (OSAS). SDB has been associated with several complications of pregnancy affecting maternal and fetal health. Clinicians should evaluate more closely obese pregnant women and those who develop hypertension. Early recognition and treatment of SDB may improve the outcome of pregnancy but the indications for treatment of OSAS need to be investigated. The diagnosis of OSAS in pregnancy requires a high index of suspicion and prevention of suspected SDB should be incorporated in the management of pregnancy. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Identification and Treatment of Prediabetes to Prevent Progression to Type 2 Diabetes; Overt type 2 diabetes is usually preceded by a condition known as prediabetes, which is characterized by impaired fasting glucose (IFG) and impaired glucose tolerance (IGT). Both IFG and IGT exhibit elevated glucose levels that are not sufficient to be classified as diabetes but that represent the development of insulin resistance. Achieving glycemic control in patients with prediabetes through lifestyle and pharmacologic interventions can effectively prevent or delay the development of diabetes and its associated complications. The first step, however, is to identify patients at risk. Although patients can be identified with an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) or a fasting plasma glucose (FPG) screening, a normal FPG does not preclude an elevated OGTT and, therefore, the presence of prediabetes. For patients who progress to type 2 diabetes, intensive therapy aimed at reducing and maintaining glycosylated hemoglobin (A1C) levels <7% has been shown to reduce the risk of complications. An A1C level ≥7% should signal the need to initiate or change therapy to achieve glycemic goals. © 2007 Excerpta Medica.
Plasma homocysteine concentrations in young patients with acute myocardial infarction; INTRODUCTION: Most studies indicate that increased plasma homocysteine level is a risk factor for coronary artery disease. However, data concerning the role of homocysteine in young patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is scanty. The aim of this study was to study the possible association between homocysteine plasma levels and early-onset AMI. METHODS: This case-control study included 83 AMI patients and 83 healthy controls. Biochemical parameters were determined and homocysteine was measured by enzyme immunoassay. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to test the association of homocysteine with the occurrence of AMI. RESULTS: Homocysteine concentration in patients with AMI was higher than in controls (19.54±13.3 and 15.54±8.9 µmol/l, respectively, P=0.002). Hyperhomocysteinemia was associated with early myocardial infarction (odds ratio=5.05). Hypercholesterolemia (OR=4/21), opium addiction (OR=4/78) and age (OR=1/24) also had associations with AMI. CONCLUSIONS: Our results showed that homocysteine levels are elevated in young patients with AMI, and hyperhomocysteinemia is associated with early myocardial infarction; hence it should be evaluated in all young patients with AMI.
Treatment update: Thiazolidinediones in combination with metformin for the treatment of type 2 diabetes; Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) is characterized by excessive hepatic gluconeo-genesis, increased insulin resistance and a progressive inability of pancreatic beta cells to produce sufficient insulin. DM2 evolves as a progression from normal glucose tolerance, to impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) to frank diabetes mellitus, reflecting the establishment of insulin resistance and beta cell dysfunction. Insulin resistance not only contributes to impaired glycemic control in DM2, but to the development of hypertension, dyslipidemia and endothelial dysfunction. Cardiovascular disease is the primary morbidity for patients with DM2. The onset of insulin resistance and cardiovascular insult likely occurs well before the onset of IGT is detected clinically. Biguanides and thiazolidinediones (TZDs) are two classes of oral agents for the management of DM2 that improve insulin resistance, and thus have potential cardiovascular benefits beyond glycemic control alone. Metformin additionally inhibits hepatic gluconeogenesis. The combined use of two of these agents targets key pathophysiologic defects in DM2. Single pill combinations of rosiglitazone/metformin and pioglitazone/metformin have recently been approved for use in the US and Europe. This article reviews the clinical data behind the use of metformin in combination with TZDs for the management of diabetes, its impact on vascular health, side effects and potential mechanisms of action for combined use. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Obesity in women: A life cycle of medical risk; Obesity can have an adverse impact on health at each stage of a woman's life cycle. In young women, obesity has an impact on psychosocial health and, as they grow older and become parents, on their reproductive health. Obesity also imposes a number of serious risks during pregnancy. In older women, obesity is associated with the emergence of a number of related chronic diseases, such as type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease, and increased risk for almost all types of cancer. Of concern in the elderly is the increasing evidence that obesity is an independent risk factor for dementia and Alzheimer's disease. Obesity also has a marked impact on life expectancy. The medical risks associated with obesity in women are also important for the woman's children and future generations. There is emerging evidence that nutrition during fetal and early life can influence risk for obesity and chronic diseases for both sexes. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Acanthosis nigricans: A common finding in overweight youth; We evaluated the prevalence of acanthosis nigricans among urban youth. Youth (7-17 years) at nine pediatric practices completed surveys on demographics and family history of diabetes and had weight and height measured. Acanthosis nigricans was scored and digital photography of the neck performed. A total of 618 youth were included in the analysis: mean age 11.5 years; 51% female; 61% African American, 27% Hispanic, 12% Caucasian, and 32% with body mass index ≥95th percentile. Acanthosis was found in 19%, 23%, and 4% of the African American, Hispanic, and Caucasian youth, respectively, and in 62% of youth with a body mass index ≥98th percentile. Using multiple logistic regression, we found increasing body mass index z-score, presence of maternal gestational diabetes, female gender, and not being Caucasian each were independently associated with acanthosis nigricans. Acanthosis was common among overweight youth and was associated with risk factors for glucose homeostasis abnormalities. Acanthosis nigricans can be a trigger to counsel families on its causes and consequences; and thus motivate them to make healthy lifestyle changes that can decrease the risk of developing cardiovascular disease or diabetes. © 2007 The Authors.
Gender-specific care of diabetes; Diabetic men have benefited in the last 30 years from a significant improvement in total and cardiovascular mortality, whereas diabetic women have had no improvement at all. Moreover, recent research focused on the role of sex hormones in glucose homeostasis, and might account for different pathophysiologic mechanisms in the development of diabetes-related complications. Thus, care of diabetic women is a challenge that requires particular attention. The available data regarding gender-specific care of diabetes mellitus are uneven, rich in some domains. but very poor in others. The large prospective trials performed in the last 20 years have assumed that the natural history of-diabetes mellitus in men and women, as well as the efficiency of glucose-lowering therapies and management of hyperglycemic-related complications, could be attributable without distinction to men and women. We propose in this paper to analyze the published medical literature according to the specific management of diabetes mellitus in women, and to try to distinguish some particular features, We found important distinctions between diabetic men and women regarding the patterns of abnormalities of glucose regulation, epidemiology, development of diabetes-related complications, ischemic heart disease, morbidity and mortality, impact of cardiovascular risk factors, development of the metabolic syndrome, depression and osteoporosis, as well as the impact of lifestyle modifications or primary and secondary preventions on cardiovascular risk factors, and finally medical therapeutics. Moreover, special considerations were given to some particular aspects of the medical life in diabetic women, such as the features of gestational diabetes mellitus and the management of pregnancy in pregestational diabetic women, use of contraception, hormone-replacement therapy and polycystic ovary syndrome. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Metabolic syndrome: identifying the risk factors.; OBJECTIVES: To discuss the metabolic syndrome and identify its risk factors, including in the pediatric age group. SOURCES: Indexed review articles. SUMMARY OF THE FINDINGS: The metabolic syndrome is characterized by insulin resistance and the presence of risk factors for cardiovascular diseases and diabetes mellitus type 2. Consensus has not yet been reached on its diagnostic criteria. This review presents diagnostic criteria defined by the American Heart Association (US National Cholesterol Education Program), the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, the World Health Organization and the International Diabetes Federation and discusses the possibilities of applying them to children. Pathophysiologic features of the syndrome are also covered, principally those related to the perinatal period and childhood. CONCLUSIONS: The metabolic syndrome is being diagnosed with ever greater frequency, principally during adolescence. Lifestyle changes, such as to diet and level of physical activity are fundamental to prevention. Treatment with medication and, in extreme cases, with surgery should also be considered, depending on severity and age.
Gestational diabetes, inflammation, and late vascular disease; Physiological changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance and activation of the innate immunity with an inflammatory response. The working hypothesis is that the sub-clinical inflammation associated with excessive adiposity may favor the development of gestational diabetes (GDM) and Type 2 diabetes and other metabolic abnormalities related to cardiovascular disease later in life. In this paper we review the complex interrelationship among inflammatory markers, metabolic syndrome, and endothelium dysfunction in women with GDM and discuss if women with previous GDM (pGDM) could be considered at risk for cardiovascular diseases. MEDLINE was searched for articles relating GDM and the adipokines (tumor necrosis factor-α and adiponectin) as well as the acute-phase inflammatory biomarker C-reactive protein that contribute to the development of diabetic pregnancy and vascular complications. However, to date, in pGDM women no prospective study is available, to corroborate the hypothesis that inflammatory pattern could be taken as predictor of cardiovascular disease later in life. Therefore, our paper should provide arguments to perform follow-up programs to prevent cardiovascular events in women with pGDM. Control of body weight, regular physical exercise are indeed powerful intervention tools able at improving insulin sensitivity and reduce sub-clinical inflammation, both involved in the patoghenesis of cardiovascular disease. ©2007, Editrice Kurtis.
Early manifestation of cardiovascular disease risk factors in offspring of mothers with previous history of gestational diabetes mellitus; This study investigated the long-term adverse effects of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk factors in offspring. A total of 298 offspring (202 offspring of GDM mothers and 96 offspring of mothers with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]) participated in the study. CVD risk factors included elevated body mass index (BMI), skinfold thickness, body fat, blood pressure, lipid profiles, and glucose values measured with a 2 h oral glucose tolerance test. The BMI of offspring ≥5 years of age of GDM mothers was significantly higher than that of offspring of mothers with IGT when analysed according to age. In offspring of GDM mothers, CVD risk factors were positively correlated with age, except for lipid profiles. A significant negative relationship between age and BMI was observed in offspring of IGT mothers. The slope of the linear regression lines for BMI and fasting plasma insulin levels with age were significantly steeper for the offspring of GDM mothers than for those of IGT mothers. We conclude that childhood obesity, as well as altered glucose metabolism influenced by the maternal uterine environment, is more likely with advancing years in the offspring of GDM mothers than in the offspring of IGT mothers. © 2007 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Changes in plasma lipids and increased low-density lipoprotein susceptibility to oxidation in pregnancies complicated by gestational diabetes: consequences of obesity; Dyslipidemia is associated with increased low-density lipoprotein (LDL) susceptibility to oxidation, a phenomenon associated with endothelial dysfunction, atherosclerosis, cell toxicity, and intrauterine growth retardation. The present study was designed to determine if women developing gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have both increased plasma lipids and LDL susceptibility to oxidation throughout pregnancy. We also wanted to study the effects of obesity upon these parameters. A nested case-control study was carried out in 45 women with uncomplicated pregnancies and 62 women diagnosed with GDM following the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. In all women, blood was drawn at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of gestation. Low-density lipoprotein oxidation was initiated by the addition of CuCl2, and formation of conjugated dienes was monitored. Glucose, cholesterol, triglycerides, vitamin E, estradiol, and progesterone were determined. In GDM, elevated levels of glucose, cholesterol, and triglycerides were observed when compared with the control group even in the first trimester, before the detection of diabetes. In the control group, the lag phase in the LDL oxidation was 85.3, 84.4, and 95.6 minutes at 15, 24, and 32 weeks of pregnancy, compared with 63.3, 63.4, and 74.5 minutes in the GDM group (P < .001 in the 3 periods). These differences remained when adjusted for the body mass index. In a multiple linear regression analysis, a negative correlation was observed between the lag phase and the body mass index (P < .001) and cholesterol (P < .001), whereas a positive one appeared with vitamin E (P < .05) and time of gestation (P < .001). In pregnancy, GDM increases LDL susceptibility to oxidation. Obesity and hypercholesterolemia further exacerbate this effect. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Updating the Evidence on Physical Activity and Health in Women; Objective: This narrative review updates evidence from the last 10 years on physical activity (PA) and the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer in women. Methods: A literature search was conducted to identify prospective cohort studies published from January 1997 to February 2006. Results: There were significant reductions in risk in 12 of 17 studies of cardiovascular outcomes (risk reductions ranging from 28% to 58%), in seven of eight studies of diabetes (14% to 46%), in seven of ten studies of breast cancer (11% to 67%), in two of two studies of endometrial cancer (68% to 90%), and in one of three studies of colorectal cancer (31% to 46%). There was mixed evidence for PA preventing gestational diabetes (three studies) and a range of other cancers (13 studies). Protective benefits for cardiovascular disease and diabetes were reported with as little as 60 minutes of moderate-intensity physical activity per week (240 Metabolic Equivalent (MET) minutes or 4 MET hours), with walking and moderate-intensity physical activity providing risk reductions comparable to those for the equivalent energy expenditure from more vigorous-intensity physical activity. Conclusions: There is strong evidence of a role for PA in the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and some cancers in women. There was no evidence of additional health benefits from vigorous-intensity PA, over and above those achieved from walking or moderate-intensity PA. This may be because, in most studies, there was limited reporting of vigorous PA by women. For some health outcomes, the amount of PA required for health benefits in middle-aged and older women might be lower than current national recommendations. © 2007 American Journal of Preventive Medicine.
Identification of appropriate patients for cardiometabolic risk management; Patients at increased risk for cardiovascular disease have a wide array of clinical features that should alert practitioners to the need for risk reduction. Some, but not all, of these features relate to insulin resistance. Multiple approaches exist for diagnosing and defining this risk, including the traditional Framingham risk assessment, various definitions of the metabolic syndrome, and assessment of risk factors not commonly included in the standard criteria. This article reviews the many clinical findings that should alert healthcare providers to the need for aggressive cardiovascular risk reduction. © 2007 MedReviews, LLC.
Unscarred uterine rupture - Case report and literature review; Background: Spontaneous uterine rupture is a life threatening event, and the diagnosis is difficult in an unscarred uterus. Many factors can help prevent the catastrophic consequences. Case: A 38-year-old multipara in labor was admitted at 39.5 weeks of gestation. Ultrasound suggested a macrosomic fetus but the cervix was well dilated. Labor was immediately monitored. Two hours later, the fetus developed progressive heart rate decelerations. While evaluating the unexplained anomaly, epigastric pain and vaginal bleeding prompted emergency cesarean delivery. The uterine tear was repaired with good evolution but the infant died a few days later. Conclusion: The association of multiparity, uterine distension and active labor could be considered as risk factors of uterine rupture in cases of unexplained anomalies in an unscarred uterus, making a catastrophic event preventable.
Free radicals, antioxidants and diabetes: Embryopathy, retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy and cardiovascular complications; The metabolic disturbances in the insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or type 1 and noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus or type 2 are associated with a number of complications including cardiovascular diseases, nephropathy, neuropathy, retinopathy leading to blindness and embryopathy or congenital malformations. Maternal diabetes is associated with a high incidence of congenital malformations and fetal abortions. Heart and kidney anomalies, along with central nervous system defects are frequent manifestations of a maternal diabetic environment. Glycation products from excess glucose can chemically modify DNA causing mutations and complex DNA rearrangements. Therefore, DNA damage in fetal tissues as a result of maternal diabetes may reflect a level of genomic injury sufficient to affect embryonic development. The formation of advanced glycation end products can accelerate vascular occlusion by quenching the vasodilating agent nitric oxide. Interaction with high-affinity receptors located on monocytes and macrophages can enhance the production of free radicals and reactive oxygen/nitrogen species, the secretion of tumor necrosis factor-α, interleukin-1 and insulin-like growth factor 1 which can proliferate endothelial, mesangial and smooth muscle cells and hence contribute significantly to the pathogenesis of cardiovascular complications. Retinopathy is characterized by increased vascular permeability, by vascular closure, together with the growth of new blood vessels on the retina and posterior surface of the vitreous. Reactive oxygen species are involved in decreased retinal blood flow, increased vascular permeability and disruption of blood-retinal barrier. The involvement of oxidative stress in the pathology of diabetes from its associated cardiovascular dysfunctions, nephropathy, neuropathy, retinopathy (leading to blindness) and embryopathy or congenital malformations, suggests that potential management of diabetes could benefit from use of dietary biofactors in medicinal and food plants. There is therefore a requirement for research to focus on the molecular mechanisms of action of extracts and/or the biofactors flavonoids, proanthocyanidins, alkaloids, etc. derived from these plants. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
Metabolic syndrome in childhood; The so-called epidemic of childhood obesity has increased the interest in the metabolic syndrome (MS) due to the potential projection into adulthood. Prevalence of the MS in adolescents has been estimated to be 6.7% in young adults and 4.2% in adolescents. Figures rise up to 28.7% in overweight and obese adolescents.The most widely accepted hypothesis links the syndrome to obesity. In the Bogalusa study, the best predictors were obesity and being in the upper quartile of basal insulin levels. Ethnic and genetic factors play a role in order to explain the syndrome in the non-obese population and the differences of interobesity.The relationship between MS and type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease is well established in adults. This association can be suggested in children as well, although the syndrome in childhood urgently needs to be clearly defined. In this age group, it is also of great interest to identify diagnosis criteria of the so-called pre-MS.Detection of the syndrome focuses mainly on obese and overweight young people. Other population groups such as newborns with low or high birth weight, infants with accelerated growth, or children of obese or with gestational diabetes mothers are at a higher risk of developing peripheral insulin resistance. The measurement of abdominal circumference can be a useful screening tool.Physical exercise and restriction of saturated and trans fatty acids are basic for treatment. If reducing weight is necessary, a reduction of carbohydrate intake, especially for refined sugars, must be emphasised. Dietary fibre improves insulin sensitivity. © 2007 The Authors.
Prediction and perinatal outcomes of fetal growth restriction; Assessment of fetal growth and wellbeing is one of the major purposes of antenatal care. Some fetuses have smaller than expected growth in utero and while some of these fetuses are constitutionally small, others have failed to meet their growth potential, that is they are growth restricted. While severe growth restriction is uncommon, the consequences of it being undetected may include perinatal death or severe morbidity. It is, therefore, important to have strategies in place to detect the fetus at risk of growth restriction. These would include an assessment of 'prior risk' from maternal history and examination combined with the results of biochemical and ultrasound investigations, the most promising of which are uterine artery Doppler and biochemistry. We discuss some of the factors to consider when stratifying the obstetric population into degrees of likelihood for growth restriction, and discuss aspects of the management and outcome of pregnancies complicated by growth restriction. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
NTPDase and 5′-nucleotidase activities in platelets of human pregnants with a normal or high risk for thrombosis; The nucleotide degrading enzymes, ectonucleotidases, present on the platelet surface of human pregnant with a normal (without complications) or high risk for thrombosis (hypertension and gestational diabetes) were studied. NTPDase (E.C. 3.6.1.5, CD39) and 5′-nucleotidase (E.C. 3.1.3.5, CD73) activities of four patient groups, non-pregnant (NP, n = 18), pregnant without complications (P, n = 25), pregnant with hypertension (HP, n = 15) and pregnant with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDP, n = 10), were analyzed. Increased NTPDase activities were observed in the groups P (37.0%, S.D.= 2.03 and 34.0%, S.D.= 3.19), HP (40.0%, S.D.= 3.32 and 56.0%, S.D.= 3.25) and GDP (23.0%, S.D.= 2.30 and 42.0%, S.D.= 2.26) in comparison to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D.= 1.92 and S.D.= 2.48) when ATP and ADP were used as substrate, respectively. AMP was used as substrate to determine the 5′-nucleotidase activities, which showed to be elevated in the groups P (45.0%, S.D.= 1.73), HP (54.0%, S.D.= 2.64) and GDP (68.0%, S.D.= 1.69) when compared to the control group NP (p < 0.01, S.D.= 1.26). However, no statistically significant differences were observed between the groups P, HP and GDP. As a consequence, the enhanced ATP, ADP and AMP hydrolysis was ascribed to the pregnancy itself, independent of a normal or high risk for thrombosis. The enhanced NTPDase and 5′-nucleotidase activities in platelets suggest that these enzymes are involved in the thromboregulation process in the pregnancy. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
The metabolic syndrome in women; The metabolic syndrome is estimated to be present in 47 million US residents with a similar age-adjusted prevalence in men (24%) and women (23%). The consideration of various metabolic risk factors as a single entity in the metabolic syndrome provides clinicians with a tool by which they can identify a population at increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of mortality in women in the US. To reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, efforts have focused on modifying the metabolic risk factors that constitute the metabolic syndrome: abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, and hypertension. In addition, because of several circumstances specific to women, including pregnancy, polycystic ovary syndrome, oral contraceptive therapy use, and menopause, there are special considerations regarding risk factor identification, modification, and clinical management. This article provides a review of diagnostic and therapeutic issues that clinicians should consider when caring for women at risk for developing or diagnosed with the metabolic syndrome. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group.
Should we consider gestational diabetes a vascular risk factor?; Few and contrasting data have reported vascular endothelial dysfunction and increased serum levels of endothelial dysfunction and inflammatory markers in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM). We aimed at evaluating 6.5 years after delivery: intimal medial thickness (IMT), and C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), E-selectin, intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1), vascular adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1) levels in 82 non-pregnant pGDM and 113 control women without pGDM. A subgroup of 21 women, taken from the pGDM group, showing current normal BMI, and no metabolic abnormalities, was separately analysed. All the subjects were free of medication and non-smokers. Women with pGDM, independently by their current BMI and presence of metabolic abnormalities, showed significantly higher E-selectin, ICAM-1 and IMT values than controls. IMT proved to be significantly associated with pGDM in a regression model, after adjustments for BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, and glucose values (β = 0.046; 95% CI 0.028-0.064). In all pGDM women, E-selectin, ICAM-1, IL-6 and hs-CRP values were significantly associated with IMT in the same model. Post-GDM women, despite being currently free from metabolic abnormalities, showed higher values of markers of endothelial dysfunction and IMT than controls, consistent with an increased future cardiovascular risk. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Excursion index of the septum primum in Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation; Objective: To compare excursion index of the septum primum (EISP) among Thai fetuses of gestational diabetic mothers (FGDMs) with and without septal hypertrophy (SH) and those of nondiabetic mothers from 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. Material and Method: Fetuses of Thai pregnant women were recruited for prenatal 2-dimensional echocardiographic measurements of the EISP (the ratio between the linear displacement of the flap valve of septum primum and the left atrial diameter) at 32 to 35 weeks' gestation. All had confirmed gestational age and normal structural scanning. The EISP was compared among gestational age - matched 15 FGDMs with SH, 18 FGDMs with normal septal thickness, and 20 fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. The data were presented as mean and standard deviation (SD). Analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to compare the EISP of the three groups. Results: Fifty-three measurements were obtained. Comparison among the three groups showed that the mean and SD of the EISP were 0.27 ± 0.04, 0.50 ± 0.04 and 0.51 ± 0.05 in FGDMs with SH, normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers, respectively. The analysis demonstrated that the EISP was significantly less than in FGDMs with SH when compared to the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p < 0.01). There was no significant difference in the EISP of the FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers (p = 0.16). Conclusion: Mobility of the septum primum in FGDMs with septal hypertrophy is reduced. This may indicate a higher preload compared to FGDMs with normal septal thickness and those of nondiabetic mothers.
Dietary recommendations for polycystic ovary syndrome; Improving insulin sensitivity and reducing hyperinsulinemia are essential parts of treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Many PCOS patients feature the metabolic syndrome which predicts gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular disease (CVD), and certain cancers. First-line therapy for PCOS in overweight patients is weight loss. This is accompanied by an increase in insulin sensitivity and an improvement of hormonal and metabolic abnormalities. As weight loss strategies show poor compliance and little long-term effects, dietary modifications that enable these improvements without weight loss need to be considered. Low-fat, high-carbohydrate diets not only induce high glycemic and insulinemic responses but also worsen dyslipidemia. In contrast a "low glycemic and insulinemic diet" (LOGI) which focuses on the quality of carbohydrates and a reduction of carbohydrate intake improves hormonal and metabolic abnormalities even in the absence of weight loss. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Costs of NHS maternity care for women with multiple pregnancy compared with high-risk and low-risk singleton pregnancy; Objective: To compare antenatal and obstetric costs for multiple pregnancy versus singleton pregnancy risk groups and to identify factors driving cost differentials. Design: Observational study over 15 months (2001-02). Setting: Four district hospitals in southeast England. Population: Consecutive women with multiple pregnancy and singleton women with risk factors for fetal congenital heart disease (CHD) (pregestational diabetes, epilepsy, or family history of CHD) or Down syndrome, and a sample of low-risk singleton women. Methods: Clinical care was audited from the second trimester anomaly scan until postnatal discharge, and the resource items were costed. Multiple regression analysis determined predictors of costs. Main outcome measures: NHS mean costs of antenatal and obstetric care for different types of pregnancy. Results: A total of 959 pregnancies were studied. Three percent of 243 women with multiple pregnancy reached 40 weeks of gestation compared with 54-55% of 163 low-risk and 322 Down syndrome risk women and 36% of 231 cardiac risk women. Antenatal costs for cardiac risk (£1,153) and multiple pregnancy (£1,048) were nearly double the costs for other two groups (P < 0.001). As 63% of multiple births were delivered by caesarean section, the obstetric cost for multiple pregnancy (£3,393) was £1,000 greater overall. Pregestational diabetes was the most influential factor driving singleton costs, resulting in similar total costs for multiple pregnancy women (£4,442) and for women with diabetes (£4,877). Conclusions: Our analyses confirm that multiple pregnancies are substantially more costly than most singleton pregnancies. Identifying women with diabetes as equally costly is pertinent because of the findings of the Confidential Enquiry into Maternal and Child Health that standards of maternal care for diabetics often are inadequate. © 2007 The Authors.
Cardiopulmonary adaptation in large for gestational age infants of diabetic and nondiabetic mothers; Aim: To compare cardiopulmonary adaptation in large for gestational age infants of diabetic and nondiabetic mothers. Methods: Color Doppler echocardiography was performed in 113 (22 large for gestational age infants of diabetic mothers, 21 of nondiabetic mothers and 70 adequate for gestational age newborns) full-term infants. Results: Pulmonary arterial pressure was significantly higher in infants of diabetic mothers than in those of nondiabetic mothers and normal infants at 24 h (38.5 vs. 32.5, and 35.5 mmHg, respectively). However, slow fall in this parameter was shown in all large for gestational age infants. Open ductus arteriosus was frequent in all large for gestational age infants, but its closure was significantly delayed in infants of diabetic mothers. Septal hypertrophy was higher in infants of diabetic mothers than in large for gestational age infants of nondiabetic mothers. Conclusion: Large for gestational age infants born from nondiabetic mothers showed delayed fall in pulmonary arterial pressure similar to those born from diabetic mothers but showed lower proportion of septal hypertrophy. Patent ductus arteriosus persisted for longer period of time in all large for gestational age infants than in normal infants, but its closure was significantly delayed in infants of diabetic mothers. © 2007 The Author(s).
The quick health data online: The ultimate interactive database on recent trends in women's health; A growing number of nonprofit and government agencies have developed interactive databases to help their website visitors and constituents obtain information about past and recent trends in healthcare. The Office on Women's Health of the Department of Health and Human Services has joined this pursuit by launching Quick Health Data Online (QHData), an interactive database providing health statistics that specifically pertain to women. Since its inception, QHData has quickly emerged as the leader in sophisticated and user-friendly interactive databases. What is so remarkable about QHData? This database is capable of generating health statistics by race (i.e., blacks, whites, Asian and Pacific Islanders, Hispanics, and Native Americans), gender, and age. The results can also be produced across different geographic levels - the nation, by region, state, and county; the jurisdiction statuses of the counties can also be identified as a border, frontier, metropolitan, urban, or rural. Users also have the flexibility of presenting the results in tables, bar graphs, and maps or exporting results to other processing or display tools. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
The new clinical trials with thiazolidinediones - DREAM, ADOPT, and CHICAGO: Promises fulfilled?; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: Despite extensive documentation of their insulin-sensitizing and antihyperglycemic effects, the importance and place of the thiazolidinediones in diabetes management remain unclear. Three new controlled clinical trials of thiazolidinediones offer new information on the clinical utility of these agents. RECENT FINDINGS: During the past year, three new trials of thiazolidinediones were reported. In Diabetes Reduction Assessment with Ramipril and Rosiglitazone Medication, rosiglitazone reduced progression to diabetes in prediabetic patients by 60%. A Diabetes Outcome Progression Trial found rosiglitazone to have greater antihyperglycemic durability than metformin and glyburide in patients with recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes. Finally, in the Carotid Intima-media Thickness in Atherosclerosis using Pioglitazone, treatment with pioglitazone in patients with type 2 diabetes slowed progression of carotid wall thickness compared with the sulfonylurea glimepiride. SUMMARY: These trials support the contention that thiazolidinediones have superior efficacy in improving and stabilizing glycemic control than older antihyperglycemic agents, especially early in the course of type 2 diabetes. Findings from the Carotid Intima-media Thickness in Atherosclerosis using Pioglitazone add to the evidence that these agents have clinically meaningful vasculoprotective effects. Although generally well tolerated, they promote weight gain, limiting their acceptability to some extent, and occasionally lead to a diagnosis of heart failure, mostly in susceptible individuals. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Taurine-diabetes interaction: From involvement to protection; Diabetes is a complex nature. To alleviate this, nutritional intervention provides much scope and hope, and taurine has been placed under this category successfully. An adult human weighing 70 kg contains about 70 g taurine. Taurine in diabetes has an age old story; taurine is involved in the development and protection of insulin apparatus Taurine and insulin both have mutual stimulating actions with hypoglycemic properties. On the clinical front, taurine supplementation has acceptable beneficial effect in platelet aggregation and to name a few more, in neuropathy, cardiomyopathy, nephropathy and retinopathy. Recent studies have provided a role for taurine in fetal development and also in blocking the transfer of diabetes from diabatic mother to offspring. A number of mechanisms for taurine's actions have been advocated, from osmoregulation to anti-oxidation. Though sulfonylurea and recently introduced thiazolidinediones are effective, they are also not free from complications, thus needs to design new therapeutics. As taurine is also a sulfonyl derivative and it will be of great interest to develop taurine analogues as an alternative therapy. Considering the great involvement of taurine in diabetes, this review may provide a holistic view of taurine in diabetes and in its prevention, in this century. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Cardiovascular risk factors at age 30 following pre-term birth; Background: Recent epidemiological evidence has shown increased rates of cardiovascular mortality and associated risk factors in those born small. However, scarce information exists concerning cardiovascular risk factors in adulthood following pre-term birth, or distinguishing the relative contributions of length of gestation and fetal growth to small size at birth. Methods: Prospective follow-up of 458 30-year-olds whose mothers took part in a randomized controlled trial of antenatal betamethasone for the prevention of neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (147 born at term, 311 born pre-term). Follow-up assessments included anthropometry, blood pressure, blood lipids, early morning cortisol levels and 75 g oral glucose tolerance test. Results: Gestational age at birth, pre-term birth, and birth weight z-score were not associated with serum cholesterol, triglyceride or cortisol at age 30 (P ≥ 0.1 for all). However, pre-term birth was associated with increased systolic blood pressure (3.5 mmHg, 95% CI 0.9-6.1 mmHg, P = 0.009) and insulin resistance at age 30 [Log (Insulin area under the curve) = 0.17, 95% CI 0.05-0.28, P = 0.006]. Low gestational age at birth was also associated with these outcomes, whereas birth weight, adjusted for gestational age, was not. Conclusions: Adults who were born moderately pre-term have increased blood pressure and insulin resistance at 30 years of age. Pre-term birth rather than poor fetal growth is the major determinant of this association. As both the incidence of pre-term birth and survival amongst those born pre-term are increasing, this group may contribute an increasing proportion to overall cardiovascular disease burden. © The Author 2007; all rights reserved.
Pharmacogenetics of thiazolidinedione therapy; The thiazolidinediones (TZDs) are peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ agonists and have glucose-lowering, insulin-sensitizing and anti-inflammatory effects. TZDs are approved for the treatment of Type 2 diabetes, and have been studied as a diabetes-prevention strategy. Despite widespread use of TZDs, a large number of patients fail to achieve a substantial reduction in glucose, or an improvement in insulin sensitivity, following treatment. Available data suggest that polymorphisms in genes encoding TZD drug targets, effector proteins and metabolizing enzymes contribute, to the observed interindividual variability in TZD response and disposition. The purpose of this review is to highlight recent developments in the field of TZD pharmacogenetics, specifically focusing on clinical studies that have investigated genetic determinants of TZD response (i.e., reduction in glycemia and improvement in insulin sensitivity), disposition (i.e., pharmacokinetics), and side effects in patients with Type 2 diabetes and patients at risk for Type 2 diabetes. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Gestational diabetes, pregnancy hypertension, and late vascular disease; The complexity of the several pathogenic pathways that cause hypertension and vascular disease and the prolonged interval that appears to predate clinical morbidity have hindered inquiry into the association between GDM and vascular disorders. As a forme fruste of later type 2 diabetes, GDM-affected gravidas are identified as at risk of diabetes-related atherosclerosis, glomerular disruption, and pathogenic retinal angiogenesis. That GDM is evidence for underlying chronic conditions such as dysregulation of innate immune response that, independent of the diabetic state, produces vascular disease is difficult to assert with the present published literature. Cross-sectional studies of patients with established gestational hypertension or preeclampsia are ambiguous as to the possible pathogenic effect of insulin resistance. Cohort studies initiated in early and mid-pregnancy show evidence that both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia may be more prevalent in gravidas with greater insulin resistance. The association of gestational glucose intolerance with gestational hypertension appears to be independent of obesity and ambient glycemia but explained in part by insulin resistance. Late pregnancy preeclampsia is associated with elevated mid-pregnancy BMI, blood pressure, fasting glucose and insulin, urate, and C-reactive protein, suggestive of metabolic and immune dysregulation. GDM appears to be associated with overexpressed innate immune response, which, in turn, is associated with vascular dysfunction and vascular disease. Among women with GDM, markers of insulin resistance do not appear to correlate with hypertension in short-term cohort studies. However, when non-GDM subjects are compared with subjects with GDM, postpregnancy studies do show an association of insulin resistance with both inflammatory dysregulation and vascular dysfunction. Cohort studies that have used population-based pregnancy databases consistently identify a clinically significant association of both gestational hypertension and preeclampsia with later hypertensive disorders. Associations with coronary artery disease or stroke are less consistent, requiring further investigation. Preventing the evolution of diabetes and lipid and immune dysregulation of the metabolic syndrome has become a salient public health issue because of the epidemic of childhood and early adulthood obesity and the opportunity at hand to treat insulin resistance by behavioral and pharmacological interventions. However, limited available literature highlights the need for long-term cohort studies of women with well-characterized metabolic and vascular profiles during pregnancy and decades later. Our present knowledge suggests that screening for GDM provides an opportunity of pregnancy outcome improvement. Limited studies of diabetes prevention in at-risk patient groups suggest that we may have the opportunity to reduce the risk of later diabetes. Additional investigation is required to determine if interventions that prevent or postpone diabetes also delay the onset of vascular disease. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
Gateways to clinical trials; Gateways to Clinical Trials are a guide to the most recent clinical trials in current literature and congresses. The data in the following tables have been retrieved from the Clinical Trials Knowledge Area of Prous Science Integrity®, the drug discovery and development portal, http://integrity. prous.com. This issue focuses on the following selection of drugs: [111In]-DOTA-cG250, [131I]-Metuximab injection, [177Lu]-DOTA-cG250; Anatumomab mafenatox, AP-12009; BIBW-2992, Biricodar dicitrate; Cediranib, Cilengitide, Clevidipine, CNTO-528, CNTO-95, CP-870893; Disufenton sodium, DNK-333A; Ecallantide, Enzastaurin hydrochloride, Etravirine, Exatecan mesilate; Fingolimod hydrochloride; Human insulin, Hyaluronic acid; Indisulam, Inhaled insulin, Insulin glargine, Ipilimumab, Irofulven, Ispronicline, ITF-282; J591; KAI-9803; L-Arginine hydrochloride, Laropiprant, LY-518674; Matuzumab, MB-7133, Methylnaltrexone bromide, MVA-5T4; Nemifitide ditriflutate; Obatoclax mesylate, Oral insulin; P-276-00, PF-562271, Picolinic acid; Quercetin; R-109339, R-547, Rivaroxaban, Ruboxistaurin mesilate hydrate; Seliciclib; Terameprocol, Tilarginine hydrochloride, Tolvaptan, Uracil; Vincristine. © 2007 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Intensive glycemic control in diabetic pregnancy with intrauterine growth restriction is detrimental to fetus; Hyperglycemia during early pregnancy can lead to congenital malformations and/or spontaneous abortion while in the last few days of pregnancy it causes neonatal metabolic complications. Macrosomia is the most common complication and is due to maternal hyperglycemia in second and third trimester of pregnancy. In view of all these, intensive glycemic control of the mother is recommended throughout pregnancy. Intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR) is a well known complication of pre-gestational diabetic patients due to vasculopathy and is also seen in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) due to overinsulinisation. Hitherto there are no separate recommendations for glycemic targets in pregnant diabetic patients with IUGR. In presence of IUGR due placental vascular insufficiency, intensive glycemic control may deprive fetus of nutrition. Secondly frequent hypoglycemias which are inevitable complication of insulin treatment may further worsen the IUGR. In presence of IUGR, macrosomia is a rare possibility, and in such situation intensive glycemic control throughout pregnancy may not be justifiable and may actually be detrimental. Neonatal metabolic complications can be avoided by strict glycemic control during last two weeks of pregnancy. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Discordant expression of pro-B-type and pro-C-type natriuretic peptide in newborn infants of mothers with type 1 diabetes; Background: Maternal diabetes increases the risk of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus. As signaling via the C-type natriuretic peptide (CNP) specific receptor protects against cardiac hypertrophy, we examined whether maternal type 1 diabetes affects the plasma concentrations of proCNP-derived peptides in newborn infants. Methods: Plasma concentrations of proCNP-derived peptides were measured in umbilical cord plasma and human placental tissue extracts using sequence-specific radioimmunoassays raised against N-terminal and C-terminal proCNP regions, respectively. Results: The median proCNP concentrations were similar in umbilical cord plasma from pregnant women with and without type 1 diabetes (17 pmol/L vs. 19 pmol/L, P not significant) and did not correlate with the proBNP concentrations in the same samples. However, the molar ratio between the proCNP and the CNP peptide was increased in umbilical cord plasma compared to adult plasma (4.6 vs. 1.1), which parallels our earlier findings for proBNP and BNP peptides. Conclusions: There is a discordant expression of CNP and BNP peptides in newborn infants of mothers with diabetes. Moreover, fetal metabolism of proCNP and CNP appears to differ from healthy adults. The precise mechanism underlying these differences warrants further investigation. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
In Utero Exposure to Maternal Obesity and Diabetes: Animal Models That Identify and Characterize Implications for Future Health; The developed and developing worlds are experiencing an epidemic of obesity and associated predisposition to diabetes. This epidemic places a major drain on health care resources. It is now clear that maternal obesity and gestational diabetes have major adverse effects on the developing fetus that lead to increased neonatal morbidity and mortality, as discussed elsewhere in this issue. Obesity in pregnancy and gestational diabetes represent a special problem, not only as a result of their immediate adverse effects on maternal health and pregnancy outcome, but also because of growing evidence for their persistent and deleterious effects on the developing child. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Microcirculation and the metabolic syndrome; The present review, to the authors' knowledge, is the first to specifically address the relationships between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome, a cluster of metabolic and cardiovascular modifications highly prevalent in the general population. Its close link to overweight and insulin resistance makes it the main cause of the worldwide burden of type 2 diabetes. However, metabolic syndrome is also observed in many other diseases, particularly, but not exclusively, those where insulin resistance is a main feature. Analysis of the literature reveals that this clinical situation is invariably linked to microvascular disturbances, such as abnormalities in arteriolar reactivity, capillary recruitment, permeability, and hemorheology. A particularly interesting observation is that these defects in small vessel structure and function are seen very early in life or disease. Very importantly, they further suggest that microcirculatory abnormalities may be not only secondary but also causal to the development and/or aggravation of insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome. Mechanisms responsible for these modifications remain largely unknown, but insulin's vascular effects in the microvascular network, detailed in this review, are at least one example of such connections. The existing data point to a clear, at least bidirectional, relationship between microcirculation and metabolic syndrome. Additional studies should determine the level of reciprocal causality.
Pathologic ventricular hypertrophy in the offspring of diabetic mothers: A retrospective study; Aims: Diabetes in pregnant women is increasing and with that the complications in their offspring. We studied our population of diabetic mothers (2003-2005) for pathologic ventricular hypertrophy (PVH). Methods and results: In our retrospective study of all 87 diabetic pregnancies (92 neonates), 16 were type 1, 17 were type 2, and 54 were gestational diabetes (GD). Haemoglobin glycated (HbA1c) median was 5.8% (5.3-6.5): 17 with HbA1c above normal 2 with congenital heart disease (CHD) and six with PVH. A total of 75 neonates were normal, five had CHD, and 12 had PVH (1/12 died post-natally, 1/12 stillborn, 2/12 required premature delivery, 8/12 normal). The 16 type 1 pregnancies resulted in three neonates with CHD and in 50% PVH, including one death, one premature Cesarean section because of PVH. The 17 neonates of type 2 pregnancies showed in one CHD and in 25% PVH. Of the 54 GD pregnancies, one had CHD and one had PVH. Conclusion: Pregnancies of both type 1 and 2 diabetes carry an increased risk for foetal development of PVH compared with those with GD. The insufficient effect of preventive glycaemia controls leads to conclude that although no definite predictive parameters for malignant outcome can be presented, close monitoring of these pregnancies may prevent perinatal catastrophes. © The European Society of Cardiology 2007. All rights reserved.
Transforming growth factor-beta 1 levels in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; It is known that women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) feature obesity, insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction which cause premature atherosclerosis. Transforming growth factor-beta 1 (TGF-β1) is a key cytokine in obesity and insulin resistance and also play important roles in the development of atherosclerosis. This study was conducted to demonstrate the serum TGF-β1 levels of people with pGDM. Thirty women with pGDM, 20 women with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) and 20 healthy women were enrolled. Serum TGF-β1 levels of people with pGDM were found to be significantly higher than healthy controls and significantly lower than women with T2DM. TGF-β1 levels were found to be correlated with postprandial glucose and age and inversely correlated with body mass index (BMI) and waist circumference. On multiple regression analysis postprandial glucose level, age and BMI were determined as the most important factors affecting TGF-β1 levels. This sudy demonstrates elevated TGF-β1 levels in pGDM. The inflammatory response to hyperglycemia and insulin resistance could be the major factors for the increased expression of TGF-β1. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Alobar holoprosencephaly, mobile proboscis and trisomy 13 in a fetus with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus: A 2D ultrasound diagnosis and review of the literature; Background: Alobar holoprosencephaly is a rare and severe brain malformation due to early arrest in brain cleavage and rotation. Case report: We report a congenital anomalous fetus with alobar holoprosencephaly, prenatally diagnosed by two-dimensional (2D) sonography at the 40 weeks of gestation. The mother was affected by gestational diabetes mellitus and was obese (BMI > 30 kg/m2). 2D Ultrasound depicted the cerebral malformation, cyclopy, proboscis, cardiac defects (atrial septal defect, hypoplastic left heart, anomalous communication between right ventricle and aorta) and extremities defects. The newborn died just after delivery. External examination confirmed a mobile proboscis-like nose on the normal nose position. The fetus had both claw hands. The right and left foots showed to be equine. Autopsy confirmed the ultrasound diagnosis and chromosome analysis revealed trisomy 13 (47,XY,+13). Fetopathologic examination showed cyclopy, proboscis and alobar holoprosencephaly of the fetus, which was consistent with Patau syndrome. Conclusion: The teratogenic effect of diabetes on fetus has been described, but no previous clinical case of a congenital anomalous fetus with trisomy 13 and maternal gestational diabetes has been reported. This case report is the first to describe 2D ultrasound diagnosis of alobar holoprosencephaly and trisomy 13 with maternal gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
International Diabetes Federation: A consensus on Type 2 diabetes prevention; Aims: Early intervention and avoidance or delay of progression to Type 2 diabetes is of enormous benefit to patients in terms of increasing life expectancy and quality of life, and potentially in economic terms for society and health-care payers. To address the growing impact of Type 2 diabetes the International Diabetes Federation (IDF) Taskforce on Prevention and Epidemiology convened a consensus workshop in 2006. The primary goal of the workshop and this document was the prevention of Type 2 diabetes in both the developed and developing world. A second aim was to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in people who are identified as being at a higher risk of Type 2 diabetes. The IDF plan for prevention of Type 2 diabetes is based on controlling modifiable risk factors and can be divided into two target groups: • People at high risk of developing Type 2 diabetes • The entire population. Conclusions: In planning national measures for the prevention of Type 2 diabetes, both groups should be targeted simultaneously with lifestyle modification the primary goal through a stepwise approach. In addition, it is important that all activities are tailored to the specific local situation. Further information on the prevention of diabetes can be found on the IDF website: http://www.idf.org/ prevention. © 2007 The Authors.
Macrosomic newborns of diabetic mothers are associated with increased aortic intima-media thickness and lipid concentrations; Background/Aims: Exposure to diabetes in utero has been established as a significantrisk factor for some of components of metabolic syndrome. A few studies have examined relationship between the metabolic syndrome and echocardiographic left ventricular (LV) mass. We aimed to investigate relationship between abdominal aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT), LV mass and lipid profile in macrosomic newborns. Methods: Abdominal aIMT was measured in 30 macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (group A), 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group B) and 30 healthy neonates (group C). Lipid profile and LV mass were determined. Result: Mean aIMT was significantly higher in groups A and B (0.489 ± 0.015, 0.466 ± 0.019 mm, respectively) than in controls (0.375 ± 0.024 mm). Weight-adjusted aIMT in group A was significantly higher than in groups B and C. Macrosomia was associated with increased lipid concentrations. Both LV mass indexed for BSA (body surface area) and birth weight measurements were significantly increased in group A compared with control. Conclusions: Macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers have significant aIMT and LV mass indexed for BSA and birth weight with lipid alterations. It might play a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in adult life. Copyright © 2007 S. Karger AG.
The heterogeneity of diabetes: Unraveling a dispute: Is systemic inflammation related to islet autoimmunity?; Diabetes is an emblematic example of a heterogeneous disease. Systemic inflammation has emerged as a prominent factor in the type 2 diabetes pathoetiology, but it remains ill-defined in type 1 diabetes. There is a wide spectrum of associations between inflammatory responses and diabetic syndromes. At one end of this spectrum, there is type 1 diabetes for which there is convincing evidence that chronic inflammation of pancreatic islets is a central aspect of disease pathogenesis. At the opposite end, is type 2 diabetes that is clearly associated with systemic inflammation, which could be either the cause or simply mark the underlying pathology. Accumulating evidence has substantiated that a subgroup of adult patients clinically diagnosed with type 2 diabetes exhibit autoantibody responses to islet autoantigens. The presence of these immunologic abnormalities is associated with a severe insulin secretory defect and the absence of signs of systemic inflammation as documented by plasma C-reactive protein and fibrinogen levels that are comparable with those of control populations. Islet autoantibody evaluation should be part of the diagnostic assessment for clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes not only because it might predict the rate of progression to insulin requirement in adult populations but also to identify a pathogenically distinct disease phenotype characterized by the absence of systemic inflammation and its related disorders. A more appropriate characterization of this subgroup of clinically diagnosed type 2 diabetes, diabetes of autoimmune pathogenesis, will promote future research into the etiology, natural history, and treatment. © 2007 by the American Diabetes Association.
PCOS and obesity; Obese women with PCOS have a higher prevalence of menstrual disorders and infertility, are more likely to be hirsute and have lower SHBG levels, leading to higher serum concentrations of free testosterone, than lean women with PCOS. PCOS patients are predisposed to obesity. Obesity is an important independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Women with PCOS have increased levels of cardiovascular risk factors: insulin resistance, obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension and markers of abnormal vascular function. The presence of obesity in PCOS women has not only long-term metabolic health consequences but also important reproductive consequences including anovulation, infertility and miscarriage. Obese women with PCOS are less likely to respond to induction of ovulation treatment, require larger doses of gonadotropins to achieve ovulation and pregnancy and are more likely to miscarry. Furthermore, obesity in the overall population is associated with a higher prevalence of fetal abnormalities and more pregnancy complications including a higher risk for gestational diabetes. Weight loss as first therapeutic line may, at least partially, reverse the biochemical abnormalities (including insulin resistance, hyperlipidemia and dyslipidemia) and improve reproductive function in obese women with PCOS.
Not enough vitamin D: Health consequences for Canadians; OBJECTIVE: To review the evidence on vitamin D (VTD) insufficiency and deficiency from a Canadian perspective and to highlight some of the known and evolving implications of insufficiency or deficiency for health. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE: PubMed was searched for articles on VTD insufficiency or deficiency and the role they play in various diseases and conditions. Level I and II evidence indicates that lack of VTD has a major role in short- and long-latency diseases. MAIN MESSAGE: The long winters in Canada and lack of exposure to the sun contribute to lower levels of VTD among Canadians in late winter and spring. Currently recommended levels of fortification and supplementation are likely not high enough to restore adequate levels of VTD in the body. Repletion and maintenance therapy might be needed. CONCLUSION: Many Canadians are at risk of VTD insufficiency or deficiency. Assessment of VTD status is important because optimal levels of VTD have been determined for various conditions. Low levels of VTD have negative implications for bone health and the health of other cell types.
Therapeutic options in the polycystic ovary syndrome; The polycystic ovary syndrome is the most common endocrine disorder affecting women. It is a heterogeneous familial condition of uncertain aetiology. The diagnosis is made by the detection of polycystic ovaries on ultrasound examination and the occurrence of single or multiple clinical features such as menstrual cycle disturbances, obesity, acne, hirsutism, alopecia and biochemical abnormalities such as hypersecretion of luteinising hormone and testosterone. In a significant number of women with this condition there is impaired insulin metabolism. Women with the polycystic ovary syndrome are at an increased risk of developing diabetes and possibly cardiovascular disease in later life. The management should be symptom-orientated. Menstrual cycle regulation may be attained with the combined oral contraceptive pill or cyclical progestogen therapy. In obese women, with the loss of weight, the symptoms and endocrine profile are generally improved. Short-term treatment with metformin may be useful in women with insulin resistance. Hyperandrogenism may be treated with the contraceptive pill containing cyproterone acetate or with short-term low-dose anti-androgen therapy, together with effective contraception. Ovulation may be induced with clomiphene citrate with careful monitoring, failing which low-dose gonadotrophin therapy or laparoscopic ovarian diathermy are effective options. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd.
Aortic intima-media thickness and lipid profile in macrosomic newborns; Macrosomia is associated with alterations in lipoprotein composition and concentration at birth. Exposure to diabetes in utero has been established as a significant risk factor for some of the components of metabolic syndrome. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of macrosomia on lipid metabolism, aortic intima-media thickness (aIMT) and subsequent atherogenic risk in newborn infants. Aortic intima-media thickness was measured in 40 macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (group A), 30 macrosomic neonates of healthy mothers (group B) and 30 healthy neonates (group C). Lipid profile was determined in all infants and their mothers. Mean aIMT was significantly higher in macrosomic neonates of diabetic and healthy mothers (0.56±0.06 and 0.49±0.03 mm respectively) than in controls (0.39±0.03 mm). Weight-adjusted aIMT in macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers (0.129±0.013 mm/kg) was significantly higher than in groups B and C (0.114±0.008 and 0.113±0.011 mm/kg respectively). There were significant alterations of total serum, high-density lipoprotein (HDL), very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterols and triglyceride levels in the macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers compared with controls. Macrosomia was associated with increased lipid concentrations. Macrosomic neonates of diabetic mothers have significantly higher aIMT with lipid alterations. This may play a role in the pathogenesis of atherosclerosis in adult life. © 2006 Springer-Verlag.
Metformin and polycystic ovary syndrome; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The aim of this article is to describe the role of insulin resistance in the etiology of polycystic ovary syndrome and to review the results of treatment with the insulin sensitizing drug metformin. RECENT FINDINGS: Polycystic ovary syndrome is a heterogeneous combination of clinical, hormonal, and reproductive abnormalities associated with insulin resistance and increased cardiovascular risk factors. Reduction of hyperinsulinism and improvement of insulin sensitivity with metformin has been reported to ameliorate these abnormalities in many, but not all studies, with few adverse effects. SUMMARY: Metformin may be the drug of first choice for most, if not all women with polycystic ovarian syndrome, either alone or in combination with other treatments. Further investigation is necessary to determine the optimal dose and duration of treatment necessary to maximize response. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn: A systematic evaluation of risk factors, clinical manifestations, complications and outcome of 16 children; Background: Subcutaneous fat necrosis (SFN) of the newborn is a rare acute transient hypodermatitis that develops within the first weeks of life in term infants. It often follows a difficult delivery. Prognosis is generally good except for the development of hypercalcaemia in severe cases. Only several case reports or small patients series have been published. Objectives: To evaluate risk factors, complications and outcomes of SFN in 16 consecutive patients seen from 1996 to 2002 in our Department of Paediatric Dermatology. Methods: On a case-report form created for the study, we recorded putative risk factors concerning the mother, pregnancy and delivery, clinical aspects of SFN, and early and late outcomes. The study was conducted in two stages: the first was a retrospective analysis of the observations and the second analysed data collected on children and their parents during a new consultation (n = 10). Results: All the children were born at term. Lesions appeared a mean of 4 days after delivery. Three-quarters of the children had diffuse SFN. Risk factors identified were newborn failure to thrive (12/16), forceps delivery (7/16), maternal high blood pressure (3/10) and/or diabetes (2/10), and newborn cardiac surgery (1/16). Putative novel risk factors were macrosomia (7/16), exposure to active (4/10) or passive (3/10) smoking during pregnancy, putative or known maternal, paternal or newborn risk factors for thrombosis (5/10), and dyslipidaemia (2/10). Complications were hypercalcaemia (9/16), pain (4/16), dyslipidaemia (1/16), renal insufficiency (1/16) and late subcutaneous atrophy (6/6). Conclusions: This study on 16 newborns with SFN provides new information. Familial or newborn risk factors for thrombosis are frequent. Macrosomia, familial dyslipidaemia and smoking should be evaluated. The main complications identified were severe pain, hypercalcaemia and subcutaneous atrophy. © 2007 The Authors.
Fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by gestational impaired glucose tolerance; Objective: To determine fetal myocardial performance in pregnancies complicated by mild gestational impaired glucose tolerance (GIGT). Methods: Ultrasound examinations were performed in 37 pregnant women with mild GIGT (36 did not require insulin) and in 44 controls at 18-24, 26-30 and 34-37 weeks of gestation. The thickness of the fetal ventricular walls and interventricular septum were measured by M-mode echocardiography. Using conventional Doppler echocardiography, the mitral and tricuspid early (E) and late (A) diastolic velocities and the ventricular myocardial performance index (MPI) were determined. Results: The fetuses of women with GIGT had a greater abdominal circumference (P = 0.02), a larger amniotic fluid index (P = 0.03), and a tendency to be heavier (P = 0.058) at the third scan. There were no significant differences in myocardial thickness, mitral and tricuspid E and A velocities, and E/A ratios between study and control groups. The left and right ventricular MPIs, while similar between the two groups in the first and second scans, had decreased significantly by late gestation in the GIGT fetuses (P for trend = 0.018 and 0.014, respectively) and were significantly lower than those of the control group (P = 0.002 and 0.0008, respectively). Conclusions: Fetuses of women with mild GIGT lack the ventricular hypertrophy and diastolic dysfunction that is common in fetuses of diabetic mothers, and they have a decreased MPI late in gestation. Copyright © 2007 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Role of metformin in the initiation of pharmacotherapy for type 2 diabetes: An Asian-Pacific perspective; Increases in the prevalence of type 2 diabetes of 30-60% will occur in many Asian-Pacific countries by 2025, driven by urbanisation, sedentary habits and energy-rich diets. Obesity, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome and diabetes are closely interrelated. Optimal control of diabetes and associated risk factors has reduced the risk of diabetes-related complications. In the UK Prospective Diabetes Study (UKPDS), metformin reduced the risk of macrovascular complications and retrospective analyses have confirmed the efficacy of metformin in improving clinical outcomes in type 2 diabetic patients with a history of cardiovascular disease. This growing body of evidence has led to the recommendation of metformin as optimum initial pharmacotherapy in overweight type 2 diabetic patients. Obesity is less prevalent in the Asian-Pacific population than in Caucasian populations. Nevertheless, metformin has multiple beneficial metabolic effects, which provide sufficient rationale for it to be recommended as the initial oral anti-diabetic pharmacotherapy, alone or in combination, irrespective of body mass index. This recommendation is consistent with global guidelines and regional recommendations for the Asian-Pacific region from the International Diabetes Federation. These recommendations can serve as templates for development of local guidelines for Asian people with diabetes, given the ethnic and cultural diversity within the region. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Exposure of neural crest cells to elevated glucose leads to congenital heart defects, an effect that can be prevented by N-acetylcysteine; BACKGROUND: Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy increases the risk for congenital heart disease in the offspring. The majority of the cardiovascular malformations occur in the outflow tract and pharyngeal arch arteries, where neural crest cells are essential for normal development. We studied the effects of specific exposure of neural crest cells to elevated glucose on heart development. Antioxidants reduce the damaging effect of glucose on neural crest cells in vitro; therefore, we investigated the effect of supplementing N-acetylcysteine in vivo. METHODS: Cardiac neural crest of HH 8-12 chicken embryos was directly exposed by a single injection in the neural tube with 30 mM D-glucose (or 30 mM L-glucose as a control). To examine the effect of a reduction in oxidative stress, we added 2 mM N-acetylcysteine to the injected D-glucose. RESULTS: Exposure of neural crest cells to elevated D-glucose-induced congenital heart malformations in 82% of the embryos. In the embryos injected with L-glucose, only 9% developed a heart malformation. As expected, all malformations were located in the outflow tract and pharyngeal arch arteries. The frequency of heart malformations decreased from 82% to 27% when 2 mM N-acetylcysteine was added to the injected D-glucose. CONCLUSIONS: These data are the first to confirm that the vulnerability of neural crest cells to elevated glucose induces congenital heart malformations. The fact that N-acetylcysteine limits the teratogenicity of glucose implies that its damaging effect is mediated by an increase of oxidative stress in the neural crest cells. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Preeclampsia and future cardiovascular risk; Pregnancy is a metabolic and vascular 'stress test' for women and those who 'fail' are at increased risk of long-term cardiovascular complications. Specifically, women who develop preeclampsia (and/or other manifestations of placental dysfunction) are at increased risk of coronary heart disease, stroke and cardiovascular disease in general. The risk is highest among women who develop both maternal (e.g., hypertension and proteinuria) and fetal (e.g., intrauterine growth restriction) manifestations of abnormal placentation, especially with preterm delivery. Most women who develop a maternal placental syndrome return to a normal clinical state in the weeks following pregnancy and their absolute risk of cardiovascular disease in the short term is very low. However, perhaps having a placentally complicated pregnancy affords women the opportunity to personalize risk and take action. Action is needed. The fact that we, as a population, are getting heavier and more sedentary is an urgent public health issue. The American Heart Association recommends that all women (even those at low cardiovascular risk) pursue dietary and lifestyle changes, in addition to smoking cessation. Engaging women of child-bearing age who may be motivated by a complicated pregnancy would be very valuable, from a public health perspective, given the prevalence and importance of cardiovascular disease in women, and the central role of the woman as caregiver to children, spouses and other family members. © 2007 Future Drugs Ltd.
Birth asphyxia during general anesthesia for a morbidly obese parturient with gestational diabetes mellitus undergoing cesarean section - A case report; A 26-year-old pregnant woman with a body mass index of 60 was scheduled for cesarean section at 36 weeks' gestation. She was found having affected with gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension at 17 weeks of pregnancy. The blood glucose level as controlled by subcutaneous injection of insulin was maintained at the level of 110-140 mg/dL. Hypertension was also controlled by methyldopa and hydralazine with the systolic pressure maintaining at 140-180 mmHg during the pregnancy. Abnormal perfusion of umbilical artery without compromise of placental function was found twice by Doppler prenatal examination at gestation of 33 and 34 weeks respectively. The operation was performed under general anesthesia. However, apnea and low Apgar score of the neonate were noted. General anesthesia was thought as the root cause of this event at first. After a series of examination and management, hypoglycemia and uteroplacental perfusion insufficiency were considered as the causes of this morbidity. The neonate's condition was improved in 48 hr after close care.
Left ventricle diastolic dysfunction in diabetes: An update; Diabetes mellitus, a disease that has been reaching epidemic proportions, is an important risk factor to the development of cardiovascular complication. Diabetes causes changes within the cardiac structure and function, even in the absence of atherosclerotic disease. The left ventricular diastolic dysfunction (VE) represents the earliest pre-clinical manifestation of diabetic cardiomyopathy, preceding the systolic dysfunction and being able to evolve to symptomatic heart failure. The doppler echocardiography has emerged as an important noninvasive diagnostic tool, providing reliable data in the stages of diastolic function, as well as for systolic function. With the advent of recent echocardiographic techniques, such as tissue Doppler and color M-mode, the accuracy in identifying the moderate diastolic dysfunction, the pseudonormal pattern, has significantly improved. Due to cardiometabolic repercussions of DM, a detailed evaluation of cardiovascular function in diabetic patients is important, and some alterations may be seen even in patients with gestational diabetes.
Patient with postpartum seizures: differential diagnosis; Pre-eclampsia is a serious obstetric complication associated with a high rate of maternal and fetal morbidity and mortality. We report the case of a woman with a medical history of insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and seizures possibly related to hypoglycemia who was admitted for an emergency cesarian due to severe pre-eclampsia and macrosomic fetus. In the first hour after delivery she experienced loss of consciousness and seizure, with vaginal bleeding and hypovolemic shock. Maximum vigilance is required for a patient with several concomitant diseases and a high-risk pregnancy. All prophylactic measures to lower the risk to mother and fetus should be undertaken. We analyze preanesthetic assessment, differential diagnosis, and choice of anesthesia in relation to this case.
Impact of maternal nutrition and metabolism on health of the offspring; Summary: Since the original publication of the theory of the fetal origins of adult diseases more than 15 years ago, extensive epidemiological studies have linked the environment in utero to adult health. Maternal nutrition and metabolism are major mechanisms by which the intrauterine environment programs the health of the offspring. Both growth-restricted and overgrown fetuses are at risk for postnatal disease. This paper summarizes the nutritional and metabolic causes of both these conditions and also reviews the interventions that have been tested to mitigate these effects. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A past medical history of gestational diabetes: its medical significance and its dental implications; Approximately 7% of pregnant women develop gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a usually transient form of diabetes mellitus, because of the production of some placental and maternal adipose tissue elaborated hormones that alter glucose metabolism. In most women the disorder resolves at delivery, but within 10 years 50% to 70% of these women go on to develop type 2 diabetes. The identification of women with past medical histories of GDM is a clinically useful marker for alerting the dentist to patients at heightened risk of occult type 2 diabetes, with a possible greater risk of developing periodontal disease and dental caries. Screening these patients for diabetes and establishing a preventative dental regimen may result in reducing the number of women with undiagnosed diabetes and diabetes-associated dental and cardiovascular diseases. © 2007 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
KDOQI Clinical Practice Guidelines and Clinical Practice Recommendations for Diabetes and Chronic Kidney Disease; Multiple important, but unanswerable, questions arose during the development of each Guideline and CPR. These questions led to research recommendations that should be high priorities to improve the care of patients with diabetes and CKD. The Work Group recognizes the importance of bringing new treatments into clinical research for DKD, especially for patients who have progressive kidney disease despite the current standard of care. Promising treatments, including novel agents and potential new uses of existing agents, are currently in phase 2/3 trials for DKD. These recommendations and the new treatments in clinical trials are described in the Research Recommendations section. © 2007 National Kidney Foundation, Inc.
Management of obesity in pregnancy; Maternal pregravid obesity is a significant risk factor for adverse outcomes during pregnancy. In early pregnancy there is an increased risk of spontaneous abortion and congenital anomalies. In later gestation maternal metabolic manifestations of the metabolic syndrome, such as gestational hypertensive disorders and diabetes, become clinically recognized because of the increased insulin resistance in obese compared with nonobese women. In women with pregestational glucose intolerance, hypertension, central obesity, and lipid disorders, the physiologic changes in pregnancy increase the risk of problems previously not routinely encountered during pregnancy. These include chronic cardiac dysfunction, proteinuria, sleep apnea, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease. At parturition the obese patient is at an increased risk of cesarean delivery and associated complications of anesthesia, wound disruption, infection, and deep venous thrombophlebitis. For the fetus there are short-term risks of fetal macrosomia, more specifically obesity, and long-term risks of adolescent components of the metabolic syndrome. Although preliminary results of bariatric surgery are encouraging, the procedure is expensive and not for all obese women, and we recognize that long-term follow-up data on offspring of obese women who have undergone bariatric surgery before pregnancy are lacking. In the interim, we need to encourage obese women to lose weight before conception, using lifestyle changes if possible. During pregnancy, weight gain should be limited to Institute of Medicine guidelines (currently under review) and encouragement given for physical activity. © 2007 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
An unusual cause of severe hypoglycaemia in type 1 diabetes mellitus. Antepartum pituitary failure: A case report and literature review; We describe an unusual cause of severe hypoglycaemia, secondary to hypopituitarism as a result of antepartum pituitary failure, in a pregnant patient with type 1 diabetes mellitus (T1DM). Antepartum pituitary failure is a very rare condition, which has been reported only in a very small number of pregnant patients with diabetes and presents with an acute onset headache and a sub-arachnoid haemorrhage-like picture. It is a potentially fatal condition to the mother and the child if not recognised and treated. Our case report highlights the importance of thinking about hypopituitarism, as a cause of recurrent hypoglycaemia in pregnant patients with T1DM as missing the diagnosis could be fatal to the mother and child. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Lipid disorders in diabetes mellitus and current management; Lipid disorders are common in diabetes mellitus (DM), and play crucial roles in the development of diabetic cardiovascular complications. Diabetic dyslipidemia is characterized by hypertriglyceridemia, increased levels of very low density lipoproteins (VLDL), small dense low density lipoprotein (LDL), and decreased levels of high density lipoprotein (HDL)-cholesterol. The activity of lipoprotein lipase is reduced in diabetic patients, which attenuates the lipolysis of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins and the uptake of free fatty acids. The increased uptake of triglycerides in liver promotes the production of VLDL. Hypertriglyceridemia promotes the exchange of cholesteryl ester from HDL to VLDL or LDL for triglycerides. Obesity or nephropathy deteriorates the dyslipidemia in DM patients. The initial management of lipid disorders in diabetic patients without cardiovascular disease is lifestyle intervention and glucose control. The abnormalities in the metabolism of LDL or HDL in diabetic patients often require pharmacological intervention. Target of LDL-cholesterol (LDL-c) is more restrict in diabetic patients than in non-diabetic subjects. Treatment with HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (statins) effectively reduces LDL-c and cardiac events, and that was associated with moderately increases in HDL-c. The combination of ezetimibe with a statin helps to achieve LDL-c target in patients with unsatisfactory cholesterol lowering by statin alone. Fibrates (PPAR-α agonists) or PPAR-γ agonists reduce the levels of triglycerides and moderately elevate HDL-c. PPAR-γ agonists also improve insulin sensitivity. Cholesteryl ester transfer protein inhibitors may dramatically increase HDL-c. Lipid management has been considered as an effective approach to reduce cardiovascular risk in diabetes. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Fetal programming: Prevention of perinatal acquired predispositions of diseases in later life; Alterations of the metabolic and hormonal environment of the fetus may cause predispositions to the development of disorders and diseases in later life. The timing, duration, severity, and type of insult during development determines the specific physiological outcome. Intrauterine programming of physiological systems occurs at the gene, cell, tissue, organ, and system levels and causes permanent structural and functional changes. Elevated insulin concentrations during critical periods of perinatal life may induce a lasting 'malprogramming' of neuroendocrine systems regulating body weight, food intake, and metabolism. Similar characteristics may occur due to perinatal hyperleptinism, hypercortisolism. Diagnosis and therapy of gestational diabetes in time may prevent metabolic and cardiovascular diseases in later life. This concept has new important implications for chances and challenges of perinatal preventive medicine in the future. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Analysis of fetal heart rate in healthy and pathological pregnancies using wavelet-based features.; In this paper, a new approach for feature extraction from the Fetal Heart Rate (FHR) signal is introduced. It considers the use of Continuous Wavelet Transform to extract wavelet-based features of FHR signal in order to discriminate the normal from the abnormal cases. The proposed methodology is tested on real data acquired before the beginning or during labor. The results proved the viability of the approach and its potential for further application.
Circulating monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 in women with gestational diabetes; Monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) has been implicated as a key factor in the recruitment and activation of peripheral blood leukocytes in atherosclerotic lesions and adipose tissue. Elevated levels of circulating MCP-1 have been found in patients with type 1 and type 2 diabetes, as well as with coronary artery disease. In this study we compared serum MCP-1 concentrations between pregnant women with normal glucose tolerance (NGT), gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) and non-pregnant healthy women. The studied group consisted of 62 patients with GDM (mean age 30.1 ± 5.0 years) at 29.0 ± 3.5 week of gestation, 64 pregnant women with NGT (mean age 30.0 ± 4.7 years) at 29.2 ± 2.9 week of gestation and 34 non-pregnant healthy women (mean age 29.8 ± 4.7 years). Serum MCP-1 concentration was measured using an enzyme - linked immunosorbent assay. Median MCP-1 concentrations did not differ significantly between women with GDM (median 342.3 [interquartile range 267.9-424.4] pg/ml) and NGT (338.0 [274.7-408.2] pg/ml), but were markedly lower than those found in non-pregnant women (485.2 [409.6-642.4] pg/ml, p<0.0001). After adjusting for glucose, the difference between pregnant and non-pregnant women remained highly significant (p<0.0001). In GDM patients MCP-1 levels correlated significantly with fasting glucose (r=0.2665, p=0.0363), insulin (r=0.4330, p=0.0004), HOMA-IR (r=0.4402, p=0.0003), ISQUICKI (r=-0.4402, p=0.0003), HbA1c (r=0.2724, p=0.0322), as well as with prepregnancy and current BMI (r=0.3501, p=0.0057 and r=0.3250, p=0.0106, respectively). Multiple regression analysis revealed that MCP-1 concentrations were significantly predicted only by plasma glucose (β=0.3489, p=0.00004). Our results suggest that MCP-1 levels are decreased in pregnant women, irrespective of their glucose tolerance status.
Placenta percreta with bladder invasion. A plea for multidisciplinary approach; Placenta previa percreta with the urinary bladder invasion is a rare but potentially lethal condition. It has an increasing clinical significance due to its association with previous cesarean sections and uterine curettage. Herein, we report on a patient with placenta percreta and bladder invasion, who presented with hematuria and in whom delivery was delayed to almost full term highlighting the potential catastrophic results and the need for a multidisciplinary approach with the need to involve surgeons who are familiar with vascular and urologic surgery. We also present an elegant MRI of placenta percreta invading the urinary bladder, which shows that MRI is potentially an excellent diagnostic modality in this difficult condition.
Impaired cardiac autonomic function in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; Background: Cardiac autonomic neuropathy is a common dysfunction in manifest diabetes mellitus and is associated with duration of diabetes and/or an inadequate glycaemic control. Heart rate variability (HRV) reflects autonomic heart function. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether in women with prior gestational diabetes (GD; pre-type 2 diabetes) alterations of cardiac autonomic function can be observed after delivery in relation to insulin sensitivity and glycaemic control. Materials and methods: Forty-eight healthy women with prior GD were consecutively admitted to the study. HRV was analysed by both time, as well as frequency, domain methods using 24-h Holter monitoring. In addition, 20 women with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy were investigated as control subjects. All women underwent a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT) for measurement of insulin sensitivity. Results: Time domain analysis (standard deviation of normal RR intervals; SDNN) showed a reduced HRV in 25 out of the 48 (52%) women with prior GD. Frequency domain analysis revealed that in these 25 subjects both low and high frequency components of power spectral density (reflecting mainly sympathetic respectively parasympathetic activity) were reduced, indicating that sympathetic as well as parasympathetic functional impairment may be assumed. However, a relative predominance of the sympathetic over parasympathetic cardiac function was observed. The impairment of cardiac autonomic function (reduced SDNN) was correlated with HbA1c values and the 2-h blood glucose concentration (oral glucose tolerance test) but not with insulin sensitivity. Conclusion: The present results demonstrate that in 52% of the women examined who had prior GD, an impairment of cardiac sympathetic as well as parasympathetic function was present, which related to glycaemic control, but not to insulin sensitivity. This infers that functional autonomic changes could be an early prognostic indicator in pre-type 2 diabetes. © 2007 The Authors.
Metabolic profile and body composition in adult women with congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency; Context: The chronic, often supraphysiological glucocorticoid doses used in congenital adrenal hyperplasia (CAH) might increase morbidity in cardiovascular disease and diabetes. Objective: Our aim was to assess risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes in CAH women. Subjects, Methods, and Design: We compared 61 women, 18-63 yr, with CAH due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency with 61 age- and sex-matched controls. Twenty-seven were younger than 30 yr, and 34 were 30 yr or older. Anthropometry, fat and lean mass measured by dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, serum lipids, insulin, and adrenocortical steroids were studied. Main Outcome Measure: Body composition and cardiovascular risk factors were the main outcome measures. Results: Younger patients and controls had similar waist to hip ratio, lean and fat mass, and insulin. Older patients had higher waist to hip ratio, lean mass, and insulin than controls. Fat mass was similar to controls but higher than in younger patients. Lipid profiles were slightly more favorable in older patients than controls. Gestational diabetes was morecommonin patients (21% of pregnancies vs. 0,P < 0.026).Fewolder patients had hypertension, cardiovascular disease, or diabetes. Despite moderate glucocorticoid doses, most patients had suppressed androgens. Conclusions: No clear evidence of unfavorable cardiovascular risk factors were found. Increased fat mass and higher insulin levels were, however, found in patients older than 30 yr. High frequency of gestational diabetes is a risk marker for future diabetes. Lifelong follow-up, lifestyle modifications, and attempts to adjust and reduce the glucocorticoid doses seem important. Copyright © 2007 by The Endocrine Society.
Acute myelogenous leukemia mimicking a hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets syndrome during pregnancy: Case report and review of the literature; Acute leukemia is a rare malignancy of pregnancy. When it develops, there are many complications to consider and management becomes exceedingly difficult. We report a case of acute myelogenous leukemia presenting as preeclampsia and fetal demise at 36 weeks of gestation. A 30-year-old multigravida presented with intrauterine fetal demise at 36 weeks' gestation, hypertension, and thrombocytopenia. The patient received platelet and packed red blood cell transfusion, with concurrent prophylactic magnesium sulfate and dexamethasone treatment. Following labor induction, the patient delivered a nonviable female fetus and suffered a stroke postpartum. Peripheral smear and flow cytometry revealed the patient had acute myeloid leukemia with prominent monocytic differentiation. The patient expired on postpartum day six. Acute leukemia during the pregnancy is associated with an unfavorable outcome. Copyright © 2007 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Endothelial progenitor cells in pregnancy; The discovery of endothelial progenitor cells has generated considerable interest in the field of vascular biology. These cells arise from a population of circulating mononuclear cells and have the capacity to form new blood vessels and contribute to vascular repair. Circulating endothelial progenitor cell numbers are reduced in patients with cardiovascular risk factors and in the presence of endothelial dysfunction, but are increased in response to ischaemia, oestrogens and drug therapy. They have been studied in pathologies from cardiovascular and renal disease to rheumatoid arthritis and pre-eclampsia. Pregnancy is a challenge to the maternal vascular system, requiring systemic adaptation and pronounced local changes in the uterus. Diseases of pregnancy such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes increase the risk of pregnancy complications and are associated with endothelial dysfunction. We propose that endothelial progenitor cells have an important role in the regulation and maintenance of the vasculature during pregnancy. This review summarises our current understanding of endothelial progenitor cells, with specific reference to their role in angiogenesis and human pregnancy. © 2007 Society for Reproduction and Fertility.
Clinico-graphical comparison between pregestational and gestational diabetes; A prospective, comparative, open, exploratory study was carried out of a sample of 30 subjects. These were divided into 2 groups. Group I consisted of preexisting diabetes, Group II of those with gestational diabetes. 1. Group I (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 29.87 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 31.853 weeks. 2. Group II (n = 15). The patients age, have a mean of 30.60 years. The pregnancy age have a mean of 32.53 weeks. Uterine Contractility and Fetal Heart Rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett Packard Monitor model 1350, serie 50XM was used. The first study was 24 h before during admission. It was repeated within 24 h of discharge. The patients was her own control. This study lasted 2 h. At the same moment as the collection of these data, a sample of blood was taken to determine the level of HbA1c, blood pressure, pulse rate, temperature and respiratory frequency were also recorded. In addition, the abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and the fetal heart ascertained. SPSS and Student t test for ordered pairs of data were used for the statistical analysis. A comparative analysis of basal fetal heart rate (FHR) between 2 groups of patients those white preexisting diabetes and those with gestational diabetes. Group I, at admission to hospital the mean of the FHR was 147.48 beats/min. At discharge the FHR registered a mean of 143 beats/min. It we take into account the value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. Group II, at admission the mean value of the FHR was 143.94 beats/min. At discharge the mean of the FHR was 142.26 beats/min. With a value of p < 0.000 the difference between means was significant. A comparative analysis the values of accelerations in the 2 groups was made. Group I, at admission the mean value of the acceleration was 23.72 beats. At discharge 24.56 beats, the difference was not significant. Group II, at admission the mean value of the acceleration was 20.75 beats, at discharge 22.19 beats. The difference was not significant. Glycemia: Group I at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 119.27 mg/dl at discharge, 112.20 mg/dl. Group II, at admission their glucose registered a mean value of 139.07 mg/dl, at discharge 119.50 mg/dl. HbA1c the following readings were obtained: Group I, at admission the HbA1c showed a mean 7.46% at discharge the mean was 7.354%. Group II, at admission the HbA1c had a mean of 7.533% at discharge it was 6.68%. In the first group 12 newborns were vigorous in the first minute, they were judged to be in puntuation 7-8. Two were judged to be puntuation 2 and 6 respectively. In the fifth minute 13 of the children were progressing well, being in puntuation 8 and 9. The child judged to be in puntuation 2 at berth remained in health, in the fifth minute, the puntuation was 5. In the second group 11 of the newborns were judged to be in puntuation 7-9 in the first minute, and puntuation 8-9 in the fifth minute.
Adiponectin in health and disease; Adipose tissue is an active metabolic tissue that secretes multiple metabolically important proteins, known as adipokines. Adiponectin is an important adipokine because of its beneficial effects on glucose and lipid metabolism. Low levels of adiponectin are associated with disease states such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Direct administration of adiponectin has been shown to be beneficial in animal models of diabetes, obesity and atherosclerosis. Adiponectin levels in humans can be increased through indirect methods such as weight loss or treatment with thiazolidinediones. This article will review the epidemiology and therapeutic options with adiponectin. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Heart Disease in Pregnancy 4: Ischemic Heart Disease and Cardiomyopathy in Pregnancy; Ischemic heart disease and cardiomyopathy in pregnancy are both rare. Therefore, a high level of suspicion is required by the obstetric caregiver when women complain of the often vague symptoms that are indicative of these conditions. Early diagnosis, consultation with a cardiologist, and aggressive therapy are the keys to reducing morbidity and mortality. Women who suffer myocardial infarction in pregnancy should be stabilized, and delivery within the first two weeks post event should be avoided if possible. Women who completely recover from peripartum cardiomyopathy can be reassured when considering future pregnancies. Pregnancy should be considered contraindicated in women with Class H diabetes, and efforts should be made to establish reliable contraception.This is the fourth in a series of five articles reviewing in detail the assessment and management of specific cardiac disorders in pregnancy.
Gestational diabetes mellitus increases the risk of cardiovascular disease in women with a family history of type 2 diabetes; OBJECTIVE - We sought to determine whether a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) further increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) in parous women with first-degree relatives with type 2 diabetes. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Women with (n = 332) and without (n = 663) a history of GDM were compared regarding 1) the revised National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III metabolic syndrome criteria, 2) the prevalence of type 2 diabetes, and 3) self-reported CVD. RESULTS- Women with prior GDM were younger (48.6 ± 0.7 vs. 52.4 ± 0.6 years [means ± SE];P < 0.001) and less likely to be postmenopausal (48.3 vs. 57.9%; P < 0.005). Although both groups were obese (BMI 34.4 ± 1.2 vs. 33.7 ± 0.6 kg/m2), women with prior GDM were more likely to have metabolic syndrome (86.6 vs. 73.5%; P < 0.001) and type 2 diabetes (93.4 vs. 63.3%; P < 0.001). Moreover, they had a higher prevalence of CVD (15.5 vs. 12.4%; adjusted odds ratio 1.85 [95% CI 1.21-2.82];P = 0.005) that occurred at a younger age (45.5 ± 2.2 vs. 52.5 ± 1.9 years;P = 0.02) and was independent of metabolic syndrome (1.74 [1.10-2.76]; P = 0.02) and type 2 diabetes (1.56 [1.002-2.43];P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS - Among women with a family history of type 2 diabetes, those with prior GDM were even more likely to not only have CVD risk factors, including metabolic syndrome and type 2 diabetes, but also to have experienced CVD events, which occurred at a younger age. Thus, women with both a family history of type 2 diabetes and personal history of GDM may be especially suitable for early interventions aimed at preventing or reducing their risk of CVD and diabetes. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
Epidemiologic Perspectives of Risk for Developing Diabetes and Diabetes Complications; The incidence and prevalence of diabetes, particularly T2DM, is increasing both in the United States and worldwide. Identified risk factors, such as glucose intolerance, hypertension, and hyperlipidemia, often precede and accompany the diagnosis of T2DM. Further, all are associated physiologic alterations of obesity. Obesity that has grown in epidemic proportion, because of overconsumption of calories in the presence of decreased physical activity, affects greater numbers of persons including children and adolescents. National recommendations for screening and diagnosis of diabetes, hypertension, and dyslipidemia provide a basis for early detection, treatment, and intervention that may potentially decrease related complications, and personal and economic costs of the disease. Most important is that knowledge exists about who is at risk for diabetes by weight, family history of diabetes, ethnicity, and history of gestational diabetes that allows for the development and implementation of diabetes primary prevention programs. Multiple national health surveys and databases provide important information for health care providers, systems of care, and communities that can be used to guide such prevention, early screening, and disease detection and intervention programs aimed at decreasing the burden of diabetes. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Maturity-onset diabetes of the young: An update; Maturity-onset diabetes of the young (MODY) is a dominantly inherited form of non-ketotic diabetes. It usually develops in childhood, adolescence or young adulthood. The disease is heterogenous regarding the genetic and clinical features. Until now, 6 causal genes have been identified. According to clinical evidence there is at least one further MODY gene. MODY2 is caused by mutations in the glucokinase gene, which encodes the signal protein for insulin secretion. The remaining MODY subtypes are the result of mutations in genes coding for transcription factors. MODY2 and MODY3 are by far the most frequent forms. Patients with MODY2 have mild, asymptomatic and stable hyperglycemia that is present from birth. They rarely develop microvascular disease, and seldom require pharmacologic treatment. MODY3 patients usually develop severe hyperglycemia after puberty, which often leads to the diagnosis of diabetes type 1. Despite the progression of hyperglycemia, sensitivity to sulfonylureas is retained in MODY3 patients for many years. Diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy frequently occur in MODY3 patients. Other risk factors are not present. The frequency of cardiovascular disease is not increased. Due to the pleiotropic character of the transcription factors most MODY subtypes are diseases with multi-organ involvement in addition to diabetes. MODY5 appears to be much more frequent than originally assumed. This form is associated with pancreatic atrophy, renal morphologic and functional abnormalities, genital tract malformations and pathological liver test. Compared to MODY2, 3, and 5, the remaining subtypes of MODY have a much lower prevalence. Molecular diagnosis has important consequences for prognosis, family screening and therapy.
Obesity and pregnancy; The increasing frequency of preobesity and obesity in all age groups worldwide can be characterized as a pandemia. Obesity is a public health problem because it is a major contributing factor in the development of hypertension, heart disease, type II diabetes, osteoarthritis, respiratory problems and certain cancer. THE OBJECTIVE OF THE STUDY: To describe the prevalence of preobesity and obesity among pregnant women and to evaluate the impact of preobesity and obesity upon pregnancy and delivery. SUBJECTS AND METHODS: 255 women, aged between 17 and 39 years old are conducted in the study. They have been admited to the Clinic of Obstetrics and Gynecology at the University Hospital "St. George" Plovdiv for the period of for months /January- April 2005/. The data of the patients are obtained from their history of the disease and the dokument of the newborn. BMI was calculated before and at the end of pregnancy. RESULTS: Preobesity and obesity are more frequent at more educated women, nuliparous women and women aged 30 years and more. Obese women had a higher frequency of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, macrosomia, and operative delivery. 33.33% (n=85) of the pregnant women start their pregnancy with abnormal weight or obesity. At the end of the pregnancy 72.94% (n=186) of them are in condition of preobesity and obesity. CONCLUSION: As overweight and obesity are associate with adverse pregnancy outcomes, the attention of the obstetritian must be directed to so called preconceptual consulting in order to limit the gaining of wight upon the optimal limit before and during pregnancy.
Coronary artery disease in women: A review on prevention, pathophysiology, diagnosis, and treatment; Despite numerous studies on women's cardiac health throughout the past decade, the number of female deaths caused by cardiovascular disease still rises and remains the leading cause of death in women in most areas of the world. Novel studies have demonstrated that cardiovascular disease, and more specifically coronary artery disease presentations in women, are different than those in men. In addition, pathology and pathophysiology of the disease present significant gender differences, which leads to difficulties concerning diagnosis, treatment and outcome of the female population. The reason for this disparity is all steps for female cardiovascular disease evaluation, treatment and prevention are not well elucidated; and an area for future research. This review brings together the most recent studies published in the field of coronary artery disease in women and points out new directions for future investigation on some of the important issues. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Impact of the antiphospholipid syndrome on complications during pregnancy; The antiphospholipid syndrome (APS) is an autoimmune disease characterized by the appearance of antiphospholipid antibodies (APA) and at least one clinical manifestation like venous and arterial thrombosis or recurrent miscarriages and fetal loss in the second and third trimester. This most common acquired thrombophilia can also cause placental insufficiency, preeclampsia, intrauterine growth retardation, and placental abruption. Several potential pathogenic pathways leading to a procoagulant state by activation of endothelial cells, monocytes or platelets and inhibition of the protein C activation pathway have been identified. These are supposed to be responsible for thrombosis and obstetric complications. Failed trophoblast differentiation and invasiveness, with subsequently hampered uteroplacental development, as well as thrombosis in the placental vessels are further pathogenic pathways for observed complications specific for pregnancy. Tests for anticardiolipin antibodies and lupus anticoagulant are most commonly used in clinical practice although antiphospholipid antibodies are a heterogeneous group. Current criteria for the classification of APS recommend the use of standardized ELISAs that measure β2- glycoprotein I-dependent IgG and IgM anticardiolipin antibodies and/or lupus anticoagulant. Current recommendations regarding prophylactic and therapeutic strategies in pregnancy are based on a systematic Cochrane review. Although APS is an autoimmune disease, anticoagulant therapy is the favored strategy to prevent thromboembolic events, miscarriages, or other pregnancy complications. The recommended therapy is the combination of heparin and low-dose aspirin reducing pregnancy loss by 54%. Aspirin alone, prednisone, or intravenous immunoglobulin infusion had no significant beneficial effect on pregnancy outcome, but rather a higher rate of side effects. Oral anticoagulants are contraindicated during pregnancy because of substantial embryotoxic side effects. Currently lowmolecular- weight heparin replaces unfractionated heparin as drug of choice because of safe use for mother and fetus as well as fewer side effects as several studies have shown. Our experience has taught us that prophylaxis should be initiated as soon as pregnancy has been recognized in order to prevent the described pathologies in placental development. © 2006 S. Karger GmbH.
Obesity and pregnancy; Obesity is a modern epidemic affecting all aspects of healthcare. Childbirth and anaesthesia are rendered more hazardous for the obese parturient. The fetus is at increased risk of congenital abnormality, complications of pregnancy, and harm during childbirth. The obstetric anaesthetist, obstetrician, and midwife share the increased stress of managing these risks. There are thus no winners created by obesity and pregnancy. This article reviews the problems caused by obesity in pregnancy and discusses the important aspects of anaesthetic management for this increasingly common clinical scenario. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pregnancy as the prodrome to vascular dysfunction and cardiovascular risk; In previously apparently healthy women, glucose intolerance and high blood pressure during pregnancy are common and frequently occur together. This article reviews the role of these gestational disorders as markers of vascular dysfunction and its pathophysiology. Mechanisms include alterations to function of large arteries and resistance vessels and to capillary blood flow. Much of the vessel pathology is seen in both gestational diabetes and hypertension. In women who have had transient diabetes during pregnancy and later redeveloped overt diabetes, cardiovascular risk is already elevated nearly fourfold before diagnosis, which is almost as high as the average risk after a clinical diagnosis of diabetes is made. This key finding suggests that vascular risk in such women is at least partly independent of overt hyperglycemia.
The impact of in vitro fertilization on the health of the mother and the offspring; Since the birth of the first test-tube baby in 1978, assisted fertilization techniques have been performed all over the world to alleviate human infertility. Later on, with the advent of the intra-cytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI) technique, severe male infertility cases have been successfully solved. ICSI revolutionized most of the biological knowledge on the mechanism of fertilization, giving rise to a serious debate about its long-term safety. Actually, either conventional in vitro fertilization (IVF) or ICSI are considered commonplace in the clinical practice and chosen on the basis of the specific advantages that they offer in improving the live birth rate. Nevertheless, it remains an open question if these procedures increase the risk for woman health, birth defects and congenital anomalies of the children. In this regard, many meta-analysis are actually reporting the follow-up studies of the IVF-conceived babies. In this review we describe: i) the general biological mechanism of the fertilization in order to compare advantage and disadvantages of IVF vs ICSI; ii) the biological risks associated to different assisted fertilization techniques; and iii) a summary of the extensive literature dealing with pregnancy complications and outcome, congenital malformations, tumors and specific syndromes increase in the children conceived by IVF/ICSI. Results show that the major risks for mother and babies health are associated with multiple gestations and their following complications. On the contrary, although a few exceptions, the majority of the studies do not support an absolute increased health risk for the babies conceived by IVF and ICSI. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Risks and benefits of bariatric surgery: Current evidence; Patients typically lose more than 50% of their excess weight after bariatric surgery. Obesity-related diseases markedly improve, reducing cardiovascular risk and improving life expectancy. Obese patients lose more weight with bariatric surgery than with medical weight-loss treatment.
Demographic variations and clinical associations of episiotomy and severe perineal lacerations in vaginal delivery; Primiparity, birthweight, operative delivery and obstetrical complications contribute to episiotomy and severe perineal lacerations. Episiotomy correlates with Hispanics, while African Americans correlate with severe perineal lacerations. Objective: The purpose of this study was to identify risk factors for both episiotomy and severe perineal lacerations in a large population from a single institution. Study Design: This was a review of 66,224 vaginal deliveries of African Americans or Hispanics delivering between 25-44 gestational weeks between 1981-2001. Univariate and multiple regression analysis were done as indicated. Results: Independent predictors of episiotomy were: primiparity eight-fold, forceps delivery seven-fold, vacuum delivery five-fold, shoulder dystocia 3.6-fold, macrosomia 1.8-fold, epidural analgesia 1.6-fold, postdates 1.5-fold, Hispanics 1.4-fold. Independent predictors of severe perineal lacerations were; macrosomia seven-fold, episiotomy 4.5-fold, primiparity 4.4-fold, shoulder dystocia 3.6-fold, overage bithweight 3.5-fold, forceps delivery 2.6-fold, vacuum delivery two-fold, epidural analgesia two-fold, African-American 1.5-fold. Nonreassuring fetal heart rate patterns, meconium and cord accidents appeared protective. Conclusion: Primiparous women with larger babies undergoing operative delivery with epidural analgesia are at risk for both episiotomy incisions and severe perineal lacerations. Though Hispanics are more likely to have an episiotomy, they are at significantly less risk for severe perineal lacerations compared to African Americans. Even though episiotomy is independently associated with severe perineal laceration, other factors such as macrosomia and primiparity are as important.
Placental triglyceride accumulation in maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with increased lipase gene expression; Maternal diabetes can cause fetal macrosomia and increased risk of obesity, diabetes, and cardiovascular disease in adulthood of the offspring. Although increased transplacental lipid transport could be involved, the impact of maternal type 1 diabetes on molecular mechanisms for lipid transport in placenta is largely unknown. To examine whether maternal type 1 diabetes affects placental lipid metabolism, we measured lipids and mRNA expression of lipase-encoding genes in placentas from women with type 1 diabetes (n = 27) and a control group (n = 21). The placental triglyceride (TG) concentration and mRNA expression of endothelial lipase (EL) and hormone-sensitive lipase (HSL) were increased in placentas from women with diabetes. The differences were more pronounced in women with diabetes and suboptimal metabolic control than in women with diabetes and good metabolic control. Placental mRNA expression of lipoprotein lipase and lysosomal lipase were similar in women with diabetes and the control group. Immunohistochemistry showed EL protein in syncytiotrophoblasts facing the maternal blood and endothelial cells facing the fetal blood in placentas from both normal women and women with diabetes. These results suggest that maternal type 1 diabetes is associated with TG accumulation and increased EL and HSL gene expression in placenta and that optimal metabolic control reduces these effects. Copyright ©2006 by the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, Inc.
A prospective study of dietary patterns, meat intake and the risk of gestational diabetes mellitus.; AIMS/HYPOTHESIS: The aim of this study was to prospectively examine whether dietary patterns are related to risk of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). METHODS: This prospective cohort study included 13,110 women who were free of cardiovascular disease, cancer, type 2 diabetes and history of GDM. Subjects completed a validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire in 1991, and reported at least one singleton pregnancy between 1992 and 1998 in the Nurses' Health Study II. Two major dietary patterns (i.e. 'prudent' and 'Western') were identified through factor analysis. The prudent pattern was characterised by a high intake of fruit, green leafy vegetables, poultry and fish, whereas the Western pattern was characterised by high intake of red meat, processed meat, refined grain products, sweets, French fries and pizza. RESULTS: We documented 758 incident cases of GDM. After adjustment for age, parity, pre-pregnancy BMI and other covariates, the relative risk (RR) of GDM, comparing the highest with the lowest quintile of the Western pattern scores, was 1.63 (95% CI 1.20-2.21; p (trend)=0.001), whereas the RR comparing the lowest with the highest quintile of the prudent pattern scores was 1.39 (95% CI 1.08-1.80; p (trend)=0.018). The RR for each increment of one serving/day was 1.61 (95% CI 1.25-2.07) for red meat and 1.64 (95% CI 1.13-2.38) for processed meat. CONCLUSIONS/INTERPRETATION: These findings suggest that pre-pregnancy dietary patterns may affect women's risk of developing GDM. A diet high in red and processed meat was associated with a significantly elevated risk.
Pregnancy outcome after bariatric surgery for obesity; Obesity, generally defined as body mass index (BMI) of 30 kg/m2 and above, is a universal growing epidemic. From a public health perspective, it represents an important modifiable risk factor for adverse health and pregnancy outcome. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, hypertensive disorders, ischemic heart disease and sleep apnea. During pregnancy, obesity is associated with fertility treatments, recurrent abortions, preeclampsia, gestational hypertension, gestational diabetes mellitus and other complications such as labor dystocia, mal-presentations, fetal macrosomia, and higher rates of cesarean deliveries. Bariatric surgery is the only effective treatment for morbidly obese patients, and these operations are performed predominantly among women. Few studies have addressed pregnancy outcome after obesity surgery. Basically, pregnancy outcome is comparable to controls of normal BMI. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy outcomes, and the outcome of patients following bariatric surgeries.
Uveal coloboma: Clinical and basic science update; PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To integrate knowledge on the embryologic and molecular basis of optic fissure closure with clinical observations in patients with uveal coloboma. RECENT FINDINGS: Closure of the optic fissure has been well characterized and many genetic alterations have been associated with coloboma; however, molecular mechanisms leading to coloboma remain largely unknown. In the past decade, we have gained better understanding of genes critical to eye development; however, mutations in these genes have been found in few individuals with coloboma. CHD7 mutations have been identified in patients with CHARGE syndrome (coloboma, heart defects, choanal atresia, retarded growth, genital anomalies, and ear anomalies or deafness). Animal models are bringing us closer to a molecular understanding of optic fissure closure. SUMMARY: Optic fissure closure requires precise orchestration in timing and apposition of two poles of the optic cup. The relative roles of genetics and environment on this process remain elusive. While most cases of coloboma are sporadic, autosomal dominant, autosomal recessive, and X-linked inheritance patterns have been described. Genetically, colobomata demonstrate pleiotropy, heterogeneity, variable expressivity, and reduced penetrance. Coloboma is a complex disorder with a variable prognosis and requires regular examination to optimize visual acuity and to monitor for potential complications. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Operating on the obese woman - A review; In this review the authors recognise the growing contribution of obesity to problems in obstetrics and gynaecology. They then focus on methods to reduce complications in intrapartum and gynaecological care particularly in relation to operating on the obese woman. Strategies to reduce surgical morbidity are discussed including consideration of the site of incision, asepsis and reduction in postoperative complications. © RCOG 2006.
Gestational Diabetes: A Condition of Early Diastolic Abnormalities in Young Women; Background: Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is not merely a temporary condition, but a harbinger of type 2 diabetes mellitus, hypertension, and atherosclerotic disease. We examined the effect of GDM on cardiac diastolic function. Methods: Diastolic function was evaluated by serial Doppler echocardiography with pulsed tissue Doppler imaging in 13 patients with GDM and 13 healthy pregnant women (control group) during the third trimester of pregnancy and after 8 weeks postpartum. Diagnostic criteria for GDM were those as recommended by the American Diabetes Association. Exclusion criteria were any disease or condition that could interfere with diastolic function. Measurements at both times in each group were compared by paired t tests and changes of patients with diabetes were compared with those in control patients by unpaired t tests. Results: There were no differences in age, left ventricular mass, or systolic function between groups. The Doppler parameters that showed significant difference between groups were higher atrial contraction wave (A wave) (P = .008) and lower rapid filling wave (E)/A ratio (P = .006) in diabetic group, on both occasions. Tissue Doppler parameters showed a significant decrease in Em (P = .002) and early mitral annulus velocity (Em)/late mitral annulus velocity (Am) (P = .008) in diabetic group on both occasions, and the Am wave remained increased only in the diabetic group at postpartum. Conclusions: Patients with GDM showed a different diastolic function profile, suggesting a mild degree of diastolic abnormality. The persistence of some abnormalities postpartum corroborates our hypothesis of an early cardiovascular involvement in this group, enhancing the need of a close cardiovascular follow-up of these patients. © 2006 American Society of Echocardiography.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome - prognosis and outcomes; Polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) is a condition that is present in 5-6% of women of reproductive age. It has potentially profound implications for women with regard to anovulatory infertility and symptoms related to elevated androgen levels. In addition, in later life women are prone to significant health problems related to hyperinsulinaemia, with an excess risk for diabetes and cardiovascular risk factors. Evidence suggests that the adverse features of PCOS can be ameliorated with lifestyle intervention, such as diet and exercise, while further short-term benefits related to ovulation and cardiac risk factors may be derived from medication with metformin. Evidence for the long-term use of metformin to protect against adverse cardiovascular outcomes and for the use of metformin throughout pregnancy to reduce the risk of miscarriage, gestational diabetes, pre-eclampsia and fetal macrosomia is still lacking. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Helena syndromes; The author gives a personal account on how he was introduced to the field of clinical genetics as a student of John Opitz in Helena, MT. That process was facilitated by the study of several malformation syndromes. Particularly instructive were the approaches to the cardio-faciocutaneous, the Perlman, and the FG syndrome. These three conditions are briefly revisited with a critical perspective, made possible by the elapse of 20 years, since the time when the author became acquainted with them. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The management of hypoplastic left heart syndrome with aright aortic arch; The combination of hypoplastic left heart syndrome and a right-sided aortic arch is extremely rare and lethal. To the best of our knowledge, no patient with this combination has previously been reported as surviving initial palliation. The anatomic variant is associated with abnormalities in the arteries branching from the aortic arch, making it difficult to construct a reliable source of flow of blood to the lungs. We present here a patient with this combination who survived an initial Damus-Kay-Stansel procedure combined with placement of a conduit from the right ventricle to the pulmonary arteries, and who has subsequently undergone a successful bidirectional cavopulmonary anastomosis. We believe that the conduit placed from the right ventricle provides the most reliable source of flow of blood to the lungs at the time of initial palliation in this usual combination of cardiac lesions. © 2006 Cambridge University Press.
Targeting postprandial hyperglycemia; In healthy individuals, blood glucose levels in the fasting state are maintained by the continuous basal-level insulin secretion. After a meal, the rise in postprandial glucose (PPG) is controlled by the rapid pancreatic release of insulin, stimulated by both glucose and the intestinal production of the incretins glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide and glucagon-like peptide 1. In diabetic individuals, postprandial insulin secretion is insufficient to suppress an excessive rise in PPG. There is increasing evidence that elevated PPG exerts a more deleterious effect on the vascular system than elevation of fasting plasma glucose. In particular, individuals with normal fasting plasma glucose but impaired glucose tolerance have significantly increased risk of cardiovascular events. With the recognition of the importance of PPG and the availability of new pharmacologic options, management of diabetes will shift to greater attention to PPG levels. The prototype for such an approach is in the treatment of gestational diabetes and diabetic pregnancies where PPG is the primary target of efforts at glycemic control. These efforts have been extremely successful in improving the outlook for diabetic pregnant women. There are many approaches to reduction of PPG; dietary management and promotion of exercise are very effective. Sulfonylureas, meglitinides, metformin, thiazolidinediones, and disaccharidase inhibitors all counteract PPG elevation. The development of glucagon-like peptide 1 agonists such as exendin and dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitors such as vildagliptin offers a new approach to suppression of PPG elevation. New semisynthetic insulin analogues permit a more aggressive response to postprandial glucose elevation, with lower risk of hypoglycemia, than with regular insulin. Inhaled insulin also has a rapid onset of action and offers benefits in PPG control. It is proposed that an aggressive treatment approach focusing on PPG, similar to the current standards for diabetic pregancies, be directed at individuals with diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance. © 2006.
The biliary atresia splenic malformation syndrome: A 28-year single-center retrospective study; We carried out a retrospective review of infants with biliary atresia splenic malformation (BASM). We found that 56 infants (10.2%) met the criteria for inclusion from a series of 548 infants (from January 1977 to December 2004). Syndromic infants were more likely to be female (P = .04) and to have a higher incidence of antenatal pathology (specifically maternal diabetes; 12.5% vs 1.2%; P < .0001). Situs inversus was noted in 21 (37%) and cardiac abnormalities in 25 (45%) infants. There were no differences in liver histology (eg, degree of liver fibrosis) or in the HLA genotype between BASM and nonsyndromic infants. Five-year and 10-year estimated native liver survival were 46% and 32%, respectively. There were 7 long-term survivors with their native liver and a follow-up of more than 10 years; all were anicteric. BASM is a distinct subgroup, with an implied onset during the embryological phase of organ development. © 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Maternal race, procedures, and infant birth weight in type 2 and gestational diabetes; OBJECTIVE: To examine the relation between race and cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low birth weight infants in pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus and to identify factors that might explain racial differences. METHODS: Population-based, cross-sectional study of 1999-2004 Maryland hospital discharge data. Hospitalizations for delivery of pregnancies with type 2 and gestational diabetes mellitus were identified and matched to infants. The independent variable was maternal race. Dependent variables were cesarean delivery, episiotomy, and low infant birth weight. Stepwise logistic regression models were developed to estimate the independent effect of race on use of each procedure and infant birth weight, after adjusting for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors. RESULTS: We examined 6,310 deliveries for pregnancies with type 2 (15%) and gestational (85%) diabetes. Before adjustment, black race was associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (odds ratio [OR] 1.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.24-1.58) and low birth weight infants (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.57-2.40) compared with white race. Adjustment for racial differences in preeclampsia and fetal heart rate abnormalities accounted for a modest degree of the racial variation in outcomes. With full adjustment, black race was still associated with a higher odds of cesarean delivery (OR 1.38, 95% CI 1.20-1.60) and low birth weight (OR 1.81, 95% CI 1.41-2.34) and a lower odds of episiotomy (OR 0.45, 95% CI 0.36-0.57). CONCLUSION: In pregnancies with diabetes, adjustment for sociodemographic, hospital, and clinical factors only partially explains racial differences in procedure use and infant low birth weight. © 2006 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Pregnancy in Patients of Advanced Maternal Age; The care of the pregnant patient of AMA is often the care of a high-risk pregnancy. Comorbidities (preexisting or pregnancy-related), combined with high maternal expectation, place these patients at greater need for intervention during pregnancy and parturition. Thirty-eight percent of these patients are treated for preexisting medical conditions and almost half have preexisting medical conditions. Gravidas of AMA are also more likely to develop pregnancy-related illness. Cesarean delivery is more common in older parturients than in women younger than 35 years. Gravidas who have preexisting conditions or who develop illness should be cared for, whenever possible, in a facility capable of managing high-risk pregnancies. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Fetal behavioral states in pregestational and gestational diabetic pregnancies; Objective. To evaluate the characteristics of fetal behavioral states in pregestational and gestational diabetic pregnancies. Material and method. We compared the results obtained in a control group consisting of 20 physiological pregnancies with 20 type 1 diabetic pregnancies and 20 gestational diabetic pregnancies. Ocular activity, body movements and patterns of fetal cardiac frequency on ultrasound and kinetocardiotocography were simultaneously recorded. The time spent by the fetuses in behavioral or coincident states, ability to establish stable behavioral states and behavioral stability were evaluated at weeks 36-37, 38 and 39 of pregnancy. Results. Fetuses in the type 1 diabetic group spent less time in quiet sleeping rate (significant at 38 weeks), more time in states of behavioral incoordination, and showed a greater number of changes in state (significant at 39 weeks) than control group fetuses. Fetuses in the type 1 diabetic group also showed an overall inability to establish stable behavioral states (significant at weeks 36-37 and 38). Fetuses in the gestational diabetes group showed similar alterations, but differences with the control group were not statistically significant. Conclusions. Type 1 diabetes is associated with a lesser fetal ability to establish stable behavioral states.
Maternal risk factors for term neonatal seizures: Population-based study in colorado, 1989-2003; Neonatal seizures in term infants are rare but have important potential implications for brain development. Risk factors for neonatal seizures in term infants have been less well defined than those among preterm infants. To evaluate the relationship between maternal risk factors and neonatal seizures in the first 72 hours of life in term infants, a case-control study using the Colorado Birth Certificate Registry was conducted. Term neonates in all hospitals in Colorado with and without seizures in the first 72 hours were studied. After adjusting for vaginal delivery in the setting of herpes infection and post-term delivery, preexisting diabetes in the mother (odds ratio 4.30, 95% confidence interval 1.64-11.27, P < .01) and fetal distress (odds ratio 5.88, 95% confidence interval 4.60-7.13, P < .0001) were independent risk factors for neonatal seizures in term infants. These findings are confirmatory of previous reports that maternal preexisting diabetes and fetal distress increase the risk of neonatal seizure in term infants. Although we cannot establish the pathophysiology of neonatal seizures from this analysis, hypoxic-ischemic brain injury and hypoglycemia in infants of diabetic mothers are known causes of neonatal seizures that can be represented in this analysis by fetal distress and maternal preexisting diabetes, respectively. Maternal diabetic vasculopathy can also be a contributing factor.
The fidgety fetus hypothesis: Fetal activity is an additional variable in determining birth weight of offspring of women with diabetes; OBJECTIVE - To determine whether some offspring of women with diabetes are intrinsically more active than others in utero and whether those who are active are able to normalize their birth weight despite maternal hyperglycemia. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We conducted a three-phase study to view the relationship between fetal movements and subsequent birth weight in women with diabetes. Phase I was designed to assess maternal perception of fetal movements in a population of 10 women with diabetes. To improve our fetal monitoring techniques, in phase II we analyzed fetal movements using the Card Guard home fetal monitoring device (CG 900P) in a population of 13 women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). To apply our observations of fetal movements to a larger population, during phase III we conducted a retrospective analysis of fetal monitoring strips (HP 8041A) from 46 women with GDM to examine the relationship between fetal heart rate (FHR) accelerations and percentile birth weight, corrected for gestational age. RESULTS - Phase I confirmed that there is little variability in fetal movements (i.e., fetal kicks did not significantly deviate from one another on a day-to-day basis). In phase II, the fetal monitoring strips illustrated that the active fetuses (defined as ≥4 FHR accelerations in a 20-min period) were always active, and the inactive fetuses were always inactive. The mean birth weight percentile, corrected for gestational age, in the active group was 37 vs. 63% in the inactive group (P = 0.05). In phase III, the fetal monitoring strips showed an inverse correlation between the mean number of FHR accelerations and the birth weight of the fetus, corrected for gestational age. The mean birth weight percentile in the active group was 37 vs. 62% in the inactive group (P = 0.0017). CONCLUSIONS - The fetus appears to play a role in determining its own destiny. Increased fetal activity may minimize the impact of hyperglycemia on subsequent birth weight. The inactive fetus appears to be at a higher risk for glucose-mediated macrosomia. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
Second-generation antipsychotics: Is there evidence for sex differences in pharmacokinetic and adverse effect profiles?; Six second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs), aripiprazole, clozapine, olanzapine, quetiapine, risperidone and ziprasidone, are currently US FDA approved. The aim of this review is to investigate whether sex differences exist for efficacy and adverse effects of these drugs. Sex-related differences have been shown in the pharmacokinetics of cytochrome P450 (CYP), with a higher activity in females for CYP3A4 and CYP2D6. However, even if there are pharmacokinetic differences between females and males, significantly higher plasma concentrations in women have been demonstrated only for olanzapine and clozapine. To date, sex differences in adverse effects have not been well studied, but some adverse effects such as weight gain, hyperprolactinaemia and cardiac effects are reported to be particularly problematic for women. Most of the studies reviewed indicate that clozapine and olanzapine are associated with greater bodyweight gain than the other atypical antipsychotics, and that serious adverse effects such as metabolic syndrome, which includes increased visceral adiposity, hyperglycaemia, hypertension and dyslipidaemia induced by SGAs, are more frequent in females. According to most studies, the risk for cardiac adverse effects induced by SGAs is the same in male and female patients. Although women are at a lower risk of sudden cardiac death, they have a higher risk of induced long QT syndrome from antiarrhythmic and, probably, antipsychotic drugs. The propensity of sexual dysfunctions is higher with conventional antipsychotics than with SGAs. Additionally, there is some evidence that female sexual dysfunction is associated with high prolactin levels; however, whether the degree of prolactin level elevation is different between female and male patients remains controversial. There is no evidence for sex differences for any of the SGAs to cause a higher rate of extrapyramidal symptoms, acute dystonia or any other movement disturbance. Knowledge of the risks and benefits associated with the use of SGAs during pregnancy and lactation is limited, although the direction of dose adjustments during pregnancy depends on the drug and the enzyme that is responsible for its metabolism. In general, data on sex differences were mostly obtained by post hoc analysis and, therefore, the conclusions that can be drawn are limited. For a better understanding of the basic mechanisms of sex differences, future studies with a primary focus on this topic are required. Data that are more specific will help determine the extent to which these differences will have implications for clinical management. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Hypertensive disorders of pregnancy are an evolutionary adaptation to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique; The aetiology of hypertensive disorders of pregnancy remains unknown, despite over 30 years of research. The prevalence and natural history of these disorders and the lack of progress in identifying a cause calls for a radical new approach. It is hypothesised that these disorders arise as a consequence of abnormal maternal regulatory mechanisms. The evolution of the physical characteristics unique to humans (bi-pedal gait and a large brain) resulted in a narrow pelvis and a large head. Such a physique is not conducive to viviparity and caused difficult, prolonged and obstructed labour with post-partum haemorrhage - the commonest causes of maternal mortality in the absence of modern medical care. In such circumstances, up to 6.5% of pregnant women will die as a direct consequence of pregnancy, mainly as a result of obstructed labour and haemorrhage. The death toll would have been much higher over millions of years of evolution. These conditions exerted significant adaptive and evolutionary pressure on our species. The adaptations necessary to mitigate the reproductive consequences of the human physique include activation of the coagulation system to reduce post-partum haemorrhage, increased blood pressure to peak after delivery and maintain cerebral perfusion in the face of post-partum blood loss and restriction of fetal growth to prevent obstructed labour. These adaptations must be regulated to guarantee their occurrence but limit their extent to prevent disease. Evidence for blood pressure regulation during pregnancy and a proposed mechanism to achieve this are presented. Regulation requires a redundant feto-placental signal and a single tightly controlled regulator. To guarantee that blood pressure rises, the feto-placental signal is predicted to be conveyed by several different molecules and to be produced in excess in all pregnancies. Normality is then maintained by a single tightly controlled regulator. This model predicts that the feto-placental factors that cause a rise in maternal blood pressure are multiple and produced in disease-causing concentrations in all pregnancies. Disease arises as a consequence of abnormalities in the maternal regulatory mechanism as occurs in say gestational diabetes mellitus. The search for a placental cause for pre-eclampsia is therefore futile. Research should focus on normal pregnancy and the identification of the factor that regulates maternal blood pressure in the second half of pregnancy. This factor will cause hypotension and prevent endothelial activation and have a role analogous to insulin in the regulation of glycaemia and the development of gestational diabetes mellitus. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Recurrent miscarriage; Many human conceptions are genetically abnormal and end in miscarriage, which is the commonest complication of pregnancy. Recurrent miscarriage, the loss of three or more consecutive pregnancies, affects 1% of couples trying to conceive. It is associated with psychological morbidity, and has often proven to be frustrating for both patient and clinician. A third of women attending specialist clinics are clinically depressed, and one in five have levels of anxiety that are similar to those in psychiatric outpatient populations. Many conventional beliefs about the cause and treatment of women with recurrent miscarriage have not withstood scrutiny, but progress has been made. Research has emphasised the importance of recurrent miscarriage in the range of reproductive failure linking subfertility and late pregnancy complications and has allowed us to reject practice based on anecdotal evidence in favour of evidence-based management. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Power spectral analysis of heart rate variability during the 100-g oral glucose tolerance test in pregnant women; OBJECTIVE - The aims of the present study were to 1) evaluate autonomic function during the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in pregnant women and 2) investigate whether gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) modifies autonomic control of heart rate variability. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We prospectively studied 27 pregnant women (15 without GDM, 12 with GDM) during a 100-g OGTT. The maternal electrocardiogram was recorded before and 60 min after glucose ingestion, when peak glucose levels are expected. The time and frequency domains of maternal cardiac intervals were analyzed. RESULTS - There was a significant decrease in the high-frequency (HF) band in both groups after the ingestion of glucose. The normalized low-frequency (LF) band significantly increased and the normalized HF band significantly decreased after glucose ingestion. The LF-to-HF ratio was significantly higher in the group with GDM at baseline and significantly increased in both groups after glucose ingestion. A regression analysis revealed a significant decrease in the HF band with increasing blood glucose levels. CONCLUSIONS - Acute elevation of blood glucose levels during the OGTT caused substantial autonomic alterations, including sympathetic activation and parasympathetic withdrawal. Both arms of the autonomic system were affected during the test, thus lending support to the concept that these changes are centrally integrated. The autonomic changes were less pronounced in women with GDM compared with in normal control subjects, suggesting that chronic hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia may alter modulation of the autonomic nervous system. © 2006 by the American Diabetes Association.
A distinctive fatty acid profile in circulating lipids of Korean gestational diabetics: A pilot study; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a transient metabolic disorder that is a strong predictor of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Previously, GDM was associated with reduced red cell long-chain omega-6 and omega-3 fatty acids in population (British) with high intake of total and saturated fat. The aim of the study was to examine blood fatty acids status of GDM patients (n = 12) and normoglycaemic women (control, n = 12) from South Korea where typical diet retains high omega-3 fat with low total fat intake. Subjects were matched for BMI and gestation week. Blood obtained at delivery were analyzed for plasma triacylglycerols (TG), phosphatidylcholine (PC), sphingomyelin (SM), and red cell PC, phosphatidylethanolamine (PE) and SM fatty acids. GDM patients had lower total saturated fatty acids (SFA) in the plasma TG (p < 0.05) and PC (p < 0.0001), and higher omega-6 and omega-3 metabolites in the plasma PC (p < 0.05) than the controls. Conversely, the red cell PC and PE of the GDM contained higher proportions of palmitic (p < 0.05) and SFA (p < 0.05) but lower arachidonic (p < 0.05) and docosahexaenoic (p > 0.05) acids compared with the controls. Interestingly, red cell PC arachidonic acid level was comparable between Korean and British women whereas docosahexaenoic acid level decreased in the order of Korean control (5.5 ± 0.9) > Korean GDM (3.5 ± 2.1) = British control (3.9 ± 2.9) > British GDM (2.8 ± 2.3) (p < 0.05). The similarity in the plasma and red cell fatty acids profile between Korean and British cohort suggests that the reduced membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in GDM might be attributed to the effect of the disease itself regardless of ethnicity, obesity, or diet. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Chromosomal telomere attrition as a mechanism for the increased risk of epithelial cancers and senescent phenotypes in type 2 diabetes; Telomeres are the repeat DNA sequences at the end of chromosomes necessary for successful DNA replication and chromosomal integrity. Telomeres shorten at cell division at a rate determined by oxidative DNA damage, and cells are triggered into replicative senescence once telomeres shorten to a critical length. Telomere-related chromosomal maintenance also has a role in carcinogenesis. Type 2 diabetes is characterised by increased oxidative stress, increased oxidative DNA damage, senescent retinal and renal phenotypes, and an increased risk of epithelial malignancy. We suggest that increased oxidative DNA damage and telomere attrition in type 2 diabetes leads to: (1) carcinogenic telomere-dependent chromosomal non-reciprocal translocations, genomic instability, and the development of epithelial cancers; (2) senescent retinal and renal phenotypes (expressed as diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy); and (3) senescent vascular endothelial, monocyte-macrophage and vascular smooth muscle cells (expressed as endothelial dysfunction and accelerated atherogenesis). An adverse intrauterine environment leads to increased feto-placental oxidative stress and feto-placental oxidative DNA damage. We also suggest that intrauterine oxidative DNA damage and telomere shortening is another point at which increased oxidative stress could contribute to a pre-programmed increased risk of senescent phenotypes in adult offspring, characterised by type 2 diabetes and epithelial malignancy. These suggestions can be used to understand early glucose intolerance in the young children of type 1 diabetes pregnancies, poor cancer outcomes in type 2 diabetes, beta cell fatigue in type 2 diabetes and the absence of increased epithelial cancer risk in type 1 diabetes. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Magnesium and diabetes mellitus: Their relation; The aim of this review was to elaborate a synthesis about the discussions on magnesium and diabetes mellitus, in the last 14 years. The magnesium deficiency has been associated with chronic diseases, amongst them, diabetes mellitus. Epidemiological studies had shown low levels of magnesium ingestion in the general population, as well as a relation between the ingestion of food rich in magnesium and the reduction of diabetes installation and its complications. Hypomagnesemia is frequently present in diabetic patients, however there is not an exact elucidation of the mechanism of magnesium deficiency in diabetes mellitus. On the other hand, in the presence of this illness, it is observed that inadequate metabolic control can affect the corporal concentrations of magnesium, developing hypomagnesemia, which may be still directly related with some micro and macrovascular complications observed in diabetes, as cardiovascular disease, retinopathy and neuropathy. This way, the chronic complications of diabetes can appear precociously. Based on this, the supplementation with magnesium has been suggested in patients with diabetes mellitus who have proven hypomagnesemia and the presence of its complications. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd and European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism.
Infective puerperal endocarditis caused by Escherichia coli; Presentation is made of a rare case of infective puerperal endocarditis involving the native mitral valve in a young puerpera after cesarean section, without a history of pre-existing heart disease, inflammation focus or intravenous drug abuse. Copyright © by Walter de Gruyter.
Increased periconceptual maternal glycated haemoglobin in diabetic mothers reduces fetal long axis cardiac function; Objective: To compare ventricular long axis function in fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with contemporaneously studied normal controls (N) and to assess the effect of pre-pregnancy diabetic control on these measurements. Design: Long axis function was compared in 41 FDM and 159 N fetuses in a cross sectional observational study. Setting: Fetal medicine unit. Methods and results: Echocardiography confirmed structural normality. Pulsed wave valvar Doppler velocimetry, lengthening and shortening myocardial velocities, and amplitude of ventricular long axis movement were recorded at the base of the left and right ventricular free walls and septum. Periconceptual diabetic control was assessed by haemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) in early pregnancy. Doppler and myocardial velocities were negatively related and myocardial thickness was positively related with HbA1c. In both cohorts all variables except mitral and tricuspid late filling (A wave) velocities were dependent on gestational age. FDM gestational age related values were higher for most variables and robust analysis of covariance showed significantly different maturation patterns in mitral valve E:A ratio (p = 0.036) and pulmonary velocity (p = 0.04), late lengthening myocardial velocities (left p = 0.016 and right p = 0.066), left myocardial shortening velocities (p = 0.008), and left free wall (p = 0.03) and septal (p = 0.04) amplitude of motion. FDM septal thickness was significantly increased throughout gestation (p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Periconceptual diabetic control influences fetal cardiac performance and myocardial hypertrophy but, unlike the pathophysiology of adult ventricular hypertrophy, is accompanied by functional adaptation. It is unlikely to explain the increased rate of late stillbirth observed in diabetic pregnancies.
A case of Perlman syndrome presenting with hemorrhagic hemangioma; The presence of enlarged, echogenic kidneys in a newborn with generalized macrosomia points toward diagnosis of an overgrowth syndrome. These include Beckwith-Wiedemann, Perlman and Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndromes. Perlman syndrome is an autosomal recessively inherited overgrowth syndrome characterized by fetal gigantism, visceromegaly, unusual face, bilateral renal hamartomas with nephroblastomatosis, and Wilms tumor. We report a male infant who exhibits typical features of Perlman syndrome with an unusual presentation. In this report, it is emphasized that hemangioma in neonatal period may be an unusual finding in Perlman syndrome. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Grandmultiparas in modern obstetrics; The objective of this study was to compare incidence of antenatal and intrapartum complications among women who had previously delivered five or more times (grandmultiparas cases, 155) with that of age-matched women with two to three previous deliveries (multiparas controls, 155) from 1998 to 2003. Grandmultiparity was associated with a low socioeconomic status, higher incidence of smoking, and a higher body mass index. Grandmultiparas had ∼2-fold increased risk of gestational diabetes, hypertensive disorders, malpresentation, and preterm delivery, and a 3-fold increased risk of abruption; none reached statistical significance. No significant differences were found in antepartum hemorrhage, anemia, postdatism, polyhydramnios, or placenta previa. Intrapartum complications (labor induction, nonreassuring fetal heart, primary cesarean delivery, and intrapartum fever) were similar; however, operative vaginal delivery was significantly lower in grandmultiparas cases. Both groups were similar regarding birthweight, macrosomia, intrauterine growth restriction, Apgar scores, and stillbirth rates. Our study shows a trend toward an increased risk of adverse obstetrical outcome in grandmultiparas compared with multiparas independent of maternal age. Copyright © 2006 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Perinatal mortality and congenital anomalies in babies of women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland: Population based study; Objective: To provide perinatal mortality and congenital anomaly rates for babies born to women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Design: National population based pregnancy cohort. Setting: 231 maternity units in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Participants: 2359 pregnancies to women with type 1 or type 2 diabetes who delivered between 1 March 2002 and 28 February 2003. Main outcome measures: Stillbirth rates; perinatal and neonatal mortality; prevalence of congenital anomalies. Results: Of 2359 women with diabetes, 652 had type 2 diabetes and 1707 had type 1 diabetes. Women with type 2 diabetes were more likely to come from a black, Asian, or other ethnic minority group (type 2, 48.8%; type 1, 9.1%) and from a deprived area (type 2, 46.3% in most deprived fifth; type 1, 22.8%). Perinatal mortality in babies of women with diabetes was 31.8/1000 births. Perinatal mortality was comparable in babies of women with type 1 (31.7/1000 births) and type 2 diabetes (32.3/1000) and was nearly four times higher than that in the general maternity population. 141 major congenital anomalies were confirmed in 109 offspring. The prevalence of major congenital anomaly was 46/1000 births in women with diabetes (48/1000 births for type 1 diabetes; 43/1000 for type 2 diabetes), more than double that expected. This increase was driven by anomalies of the nervous system, notably neural tube defects.
Diagnosis and management of polycystic ovary syndrome: A practical guide; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a syndrome, which can be defined as a group of recognisable patterns of symptoms or abnormalities that indicate a particular medical situation. The current definition of PCOS requires the presence of two of the following three conditions: (i) oligo- and/or anovulation; (ii) clinical and/or biochemical signs of hyperandrogenism; and (iii) polycystic ovaries - and the exclusion of other aetiologies. It is generally accepted that the prevalence of PCOS is approximately 5-10%, and that of polycystic ovaries alone is 21-23%. Other features of PCOS are obesity, insulin resistance, impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes mellitus, dyslipidaemia, cardiovascular disease, obstructive sleep apnoea and infertility. An approach to a patient with possible PCOS should be directed towards making a diagnosis and screening for associated endocrine abnormalities. Therapeutic interventions are directed towards addressing the needs of the patient at present and towards preventing long-term complications of the syndrome. Body mass index, which is a primary mediator in the relationship between PCOS and health-related quality of life in obese PCOS adolescents, may play a similar role in other PCOS patients. Any intervention directed at reducing central obesity will not only improve quality of life but also correct hyperinsulinism and improve fertility and lipid and androgen profiles. It is also the only currently available intervention that can have a lifelong impact on reducing possible long-term complications of the syndrome. Lifestyle modification is the cardinal intervention. Pharmacological treatments are available for specific indications. Infertility can be treated with clomifene (clomiphene citrate), metformin, gonadotropins or surgery to the ovaries. Cyproterone (alone or in combination with ethinylestradiol) and spironolactone are the main drugs used in the treatment of hirsutism. Other drugs that can be considered include flutamide, ketoconazole and finasteride. Women with PCOS require ongoing surveillance to detect impaired glucose tolerance, hyperlipidaemia, endometrial hyperplasia and consequent complications. Obese women, in particular, require regular glucose tolerance testing because of the potential for rapid progression from normal to impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes. The focus of this article is the epidemiology, diagnosis and management of this common endocrine disorder. Diagnostic and co-morbid features are discussed separately to facilitate understanding of PCOS. Symptom-directed strategies, as well as short- and long-term goals of treatment, are outlined. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Antiphospholipid syndrome: An evolving story; Antiphospholipid Syndrome (APS) is a form of immune mediated thrombophilia, presenting as recurrent thrombotic events and pregnancy morbidity, in association with positive laboratory tests for antiphospholipid antibodies (APA) in the form of Lupus Anticoagulant (LA) or anticardiolipin antibodies(ACA). Insights into the pathophysiology of the condition suggest that some antibodies are prothrombotic in vivo, and that the mechanism of thrombosis is likely to be multifactorial. APS has a broad spectrum of clinical presentations, and the laboratory diagnosis can be difficult due to heterogeneity of APAs and poor standardisation of laboratory tests. Anticoagulation is the mainstay of the management of the thrombotic and obstetric complications of APS. The risk of recurrent thrombosis appears to be high, and the duration and intensity of therapy remains controversial. Randomised controlled trials have shown that standard intensity anticoagulation is adequate in most cases of venous thrombosis. Further trials are required to establish whether high intensity coagulation is of benefit in recurrent or arterial thrombosis. The optimal management of recurrent fetal loss is debated and large studies are required to establish a clear benefit of heparin and aspirin over aspirin alone or supportive care. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Current issues in the diagnosis and management of peripartum cardiomyopathy; Peripartum cardiomyolpathy is a form of heart failure that occurs in women within 1 month pre- and 5 months postdelivery. The syndrome carries a high mortality and predisposing factors are not known. The incidence and prevalence of peripartum cardiomyopathy appear to be increasing and this article aims to alert clinicians to consider a possible diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy, outlines the current treatment options, and describes recent advances in the understanding of the pathophysiology of this condition. ©2006 Future Medicine Ltd.
Mechanisms by which poor early growth programs type-2 diabetes, obesity and the metabolic syndrome; Fetal programming is gaining momentum as a highly documented phenomenon which links poor early growth to adult disease. It is backed up by large cohorts in epidemiological studies worldwide and has been tested in various animal models. The root causes of programming link closely with maternal condition during pregnancy, and therefore the fetal environment. Suboptimal fetal environments due to poor or inadequate nutrition, infection, anemia, hypertension, inflammation, gestational diabetes or hypoxia in the mother expose the fetus to hormonal, growth factor, cytokine or adipokine cues. These in turn act to alter metabolic, immune system, vascular, hemodynamics, renal, growth and mitochondrial parameters respectively and most evidently in the later stages of life where they impact on the individual as poor glucose homeostasis, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease, obesity and heart disease. These events are compounded by over-nutrition or lifestyle choices which are in conflict with the programming of the fetus. We and others have utilised various species to test the early life programming hypothesis and to identify key molecular mechanisms. With parallel studies of human cohorts, these molecular markers can be validated as realistic targets for intervention. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes: Review and recommendations; Background: Men and women differ in their experience of diabetes mellitus (DM). For optimal prevention and treatment of the disease, these differences must be acknowledged. Unfortunately, most studies of diabetes have focused almost exclusively on men. Objective: The purpose of this review was to survey the literature about the sex-specific features of DM and to make recommendations for the gender-specific care of patients. Methods: An initial literature search was performed with Google Scholar and MEDLINE (1995-2005) using the search terms sex/gender, women, diabetes mellitus, and coronary artery disease, and specific topic headings such as polycystic ovary syndrome. The bibliographies of articles were used extensively to augment the search, and more specific search terms were included. The strength of each recommendation was assessed. Results: Even when women were included in clinical trials, investigators typically made no attempt to assess the impact of sex differences on the reported results. Existing studies, however, reveal several differences between men and women with diabetes. The prevalence of DM is growing fastest for older minority women. Women with diabetes, regardless of menopausal status, have a 4- to 6-fold increase in the risk of developing coronary artery disease (CAD), whereas men with diabetes have a 2- to 3-fold increase in risk. Women with diabetes have a poorer prognosis after myocardial infarction and a higher risk of death overall from cardiovascular disease than do men with diabetes. Women with type 2 DM experience more symptoms of hyperglycemia than do their male counterparts. Obesity, an important contributor to type 2 DM, is more prevalent in women. Women with diabetes have an increased risk of hypertension compared with men with diabetes. Women have a more severe type of dyslipidemia than do men (low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, small particle size of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high levels of triglycerides), and these risk factors for CAD have a stronger influence in women. Oxidative stress may confer a greater increase in the risk of CAD for women with diabetes than for men with diabetes. Many other sex differences in DM are due to women's reproductive physiology. Polycystic ovary syndrome is an important correlate of insulin resistance and the metabolic syndrome. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) increases the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 DM. Women are less likely than men to receive aggressive treatment for CAD and to achieve treatment goals. Critical recommendations for women include exercise, testing for CAD, daily aspirin to counteract the prothrombotic state, depression screening, careful treatment to avoid weight gain, long-term follow-up of children of women with GDM, control of risk factors for CAD, and aggressive treatment with coronary angioplasty for CAD. Disease management programs for patients with diabetes have been shown to save money and improve outcomes, and should continue to incorporate information about sex-specific differences in DM as it becomes available. Conclusion: Gender-specific care of the patient with diabetes should be informed by evidence-based recommendations. © 2006 Excerpts Medica, Inc.
Omega-3 fatty acids: Structure, function, and relation to the metabolic syndrome, infertility and pregnancy; Omega-3s are found in oily fish. We have drastically reduced our intake of fish during the last century. Many of us therefore suffer from a deficiency of omega-3s, which has consequences for health. In this review, we focus on structure-functional relationships and the relation of omega-3s to the metabolic syndrome, infertility, and pregnancy. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Diabetes management in pregnancy; Diabetes in pregnancy is associated with significant morbidity and mortality and its prevalence is rising. The management of this condition involves the co-ordinated care of a multi-disciplinary team consisting of endocrinologists, obstetricians, midwives and dieticians. This review concentrates on the control of diabetes in pregnancy, by which both maternal and fetal complications can be minimised. The management of gestational diabetes centres on self-monitoring of blood glucose, diet control and if necessary, insulin treatment. Women with gestational diabetes have a high risk of developing type 2 diabetes later in life and should be counselled on the importance of lifestyle modification. In patients with pre-existing type 1 and 2 diabetes, pre-conception counselling is important to optimise pregnancy outcome. Such counselling also provides an opportunity to screen for pre-existing vascular complications such as retinopathy (which may worsen during pregnancy) and measure baseline markers of glycaemic control such as HbA1C. Insulin requirements vary during pregnancy and hence daily assessment of blood glucose levels should be performed and the insulin dose adjusted accordingly. Conventional injections of insulin or insulin pumps are both effective in optimising glycaemic control, although the latter is generally used in patients for whom achieving normoglycaemia is challenging. Blood pressure should be regularly monitored and hypertension treated. The evidence for the efficacy of various treatment modalities has been examined in this review. By optimising diabetes management in pregnancy, it is hoped that the pregnant diabetic patient can look forward to a similar pregnancy outcome as that of a normal woman. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Severe diabetic fetopathy due to undiagnosed gestational diabetes mellitus; History and findings: A 39 year-old pregnant woman (with one healthy 11 year-old daughter) presented at the antenatal care clinic for routine non-stress test (NST) at the due date. The NST demonstrated normal fetal heart pattern. No anamnestic or clinical risk factors for diabetes during the course of pregnancy were noted in the case file. Ultrasound examinations up to 30 weeks of gestation had shown fetal growth appropriate for gestational age. Two days later, the NST was non-reacting with almost no heart rate variability, indicating an acute fetal risk. While the condition of the fetus was being further assessed by Doppler sonography, a fall in fetal heart rate prompted an emergency section for fetal bradycardia. The male newborn had marked macrosomia (birth weight 5180 g). The pH in umbilical artery blood of 6,77 indicated severe intrauterine hypoxia. Apgar score was 0/1/5. Absence of heart beat and of spontaneous breathing required resuscitation. Echocardiography revealed a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with dysfunction of the right ventricle and hepatomegaly indicating diabetic fetal pathology. The placenta displayed typical signs of carbohydrate disorder. The maternal 75 g oral glucose tolerance test confirmed the suspicion of maternal diabetes (glucose values 96/210/215 mg/dl). Treatment and course: During the next the day the infant developed multi-organ failure involving the liver and kidneys, myocardial infarction with pericardial effusion and myoclonic seizures. His condition improved slowly under measures to stabilize the circulation, substitution of clotting factors and anticonvulsive therapy. Mechanical ventilation had to be continued for 5 weeks. Examination at 4 months of age revealed marked neurological abnormalities. The mother was referred to a diabetes specialist for further management. Conclusion: Undiagnosed and therefore untreated severe gestational diabetes may have fatal consequences for the fetus. Expert committees of obstetricians and diabetes specialists have recommended blood glucose screening between 24-28 weeks of gestation of every pregnant woman as part of the routine prenatal care. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Insulin glargine in the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes; Insulin glargine is an analogue of human insulin that is modified to provide a consistent level of plasma insulin over a long duration. Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic studies show that a single injection of insulin glargine leads to a smooth 24-hour time-action profile with no undesirable pronounced peaks of activity. In clinical trials, this profile has been associated with at least equivalent, if not better, glycemic control than other traditional basal insulins and a significantly lower rate of overall and nocturnal hypoglycemia. The convenience of a once-daily injection, a lack of need for resuspension (insulin glargine is a clear solution when injected), and lower rates of hypoglycemia should translate into improvements in patient treatment satisfaction. This review appraises the evidence for the view that insulin glargine represents an advance in basal insulin therapy for both type 1 and type 2 diabetes patients. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Nutrition and reproduction in women; Malnutrition is a major problem in developing countries, and obesity and eating disorders are increasingly common in developing as well as developed countries. The reproductive axis is closely linked to nutritional status, especially undernutrition in the female, and inhibitory pathways involving detectors in the hind brain suppress ovulation in subjects with weight loss. Recovery may occur after minimal reacquisition of weight because energy balance is more important than body fat mass. Anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa affect up to 5% of women of reproductive age causing amenorrhoea, infertility and, in those who do conceive, an increased likelihood of miscarriage. Obesity can affect reproduction through fat cell metabolism, steroids and secretion of proteins such as leptin and adiponectin and through changes induced at the level of important homeostatic factors such as pancreatic secretion of insulin, androgen synthesis by the ovary and sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) production by the liver. WHO estimates that 9 to 25% of women in developed countries are severely obese, and obese mothers are much more likely to have obese children, especially if they have gestational diabetes. Obesity-associated anovulation may lead to infertility and to a higher risk of miscarriage. Management of anovulation with obesity involves diet and exercise as well as standard approaches to ovulation induction. Many obese women conceive without assistance, but pregnancies in obese women have increased rates of pregnancy-associated hypertension, gestational diabetes, large babies, Cesarean section and perinatal mortality and morbidity. Among contraceptors, the fear of weight gain affects uptake and continuation of hormonal contraceptives, although existing trials indicate that any such effects are small. For all methods of hormonal contraception, weight above 70 kg is associated with increased failure rates. © 2006 Oxford University Press.
Fibrinolytic dysfunction in insulin-resistant women with previous gestational diabetes; Background: Women with a history of gestational diabetes (p-GDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) later in life, and therefore at increased risk for future cardiovascular disease. Materials and methods: Three months after delivery we investigated the plasma levels of plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 (PAI-1), tissue plasminogen activator (t-PA), fibrinogen and von Willebrand factor (vWF) in 74 women with p-GDM and 20 healthy females with normal glucose tolerance during and after pregnancy, as well as the relation of fibrinolytic parameters to insulin resistance and glycaemic control. All women underwent an oral (OGTT) as well as an intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIGT). Mathematical model analysis disclosed that 50% (n = 37 each) of the p-GDM subjects had normal (NIS) or impaired (IIS) insulin sensitivity. Parameters of interest were determined using commercially available test systems. Results: Women with p-GDM and IIS had significantly increased body fat mass (BFM) (P ≤ 0.001) compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and controls, whereas the waist to hip ratio (WHR) was similar in both p-GDM groups but was higher compared with the controls (P ≤ 0.001). Mean PAI-1 and t-PA as well as fasting and stimulated plasma concentrations of proinsulin, C-peptide and insulin were elevated, whereas the disposition index was lower in women with p-GDM and IIS compared with women with p-GDM and NIS and the controls (P < 0.001). Plasma levels of fibrinogen and vWF did not differ between the groups. Obese women with IIS had higher PAI-1 levels than lean women with IIS (P ≤ 0.001). PAI-1 inversely correlated with the insulin sensitivity index (SI) but only in women with IIS (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only fasting proinsulin and WHR remained significant independent predictors of PAI-1 elevation in IIS (P ≤ 0.0001 and P ≤ 0.001). The PAI-1/SI ratio was elevated in women with IIS independently of their glucose tolerance status (P < 0.001 vs. NIS and controls). Conclusions: Plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 is elevated in p-GDM women with IIS and depends on plasma proinsulin and abdominal obesity. An increase of the PAI-1/SI ratio further characterizes obese insulin-resistant p-GDM women who may be at risk for diabetes and angiopathy. © 2006 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Maternal autoimmune disease and its impact on the fetal heart: Management and prognosis; Congenital complete atrioventricular heart block, myocarditis and endocardial fibroelastosis related to maternal anti-Ro and anti-La autoantibodies have been associated with a significant mortality, with most deaths occurring in utero or during infancy. Transplacental treatment with fluorinated steroids, in combination with β-mimetics at heart rates < 55 beats/min, has significantly improved the survival rate of affected patients in recent years. Severe fetal hyperthyroidism is a rare pregnancy condition that is induced by maternal thyroid stimulating antibodies. Persistent sinus tachycardia of > 160 beats/min is a clinical hallmark. Treatment with propylthiouracil and a β-blocker aims at inhibiting fetal thyroid hormone synthesis and controlling the fetal heart rate. Insulin-dependent maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased incidence of cardiac malformations, including conotruncal lesions. Mild and reversible ventricular hypertrophy is common even in well-controlled maternal diabetes, without affecting the age-related changes in cardiac function. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Preconception care for diabetic women: Background, barriers, and strategies for effective implementation; Major congenital anomalies (MCAs) are defined as those which are lethal and/or which cause major handicaps and/or which require surgery. While the general population risk for having a baby with an MCA is one to three percent, that for a woman who has pregestational diabetes mellitus is three to six times as great. Fetal organogenesis takes place from the fifth to the eighth post-menstrual weeks. A body of evidence suggests that maternal hyperglycemia early in gestation is either contributory to fetal teratogenesis or is a surrogate marker for the causative agent of MCAs in infants of diabetic mothers. Given that organogenesis begins at the time of a woman's first recognition of pregnancy, and given the one or more weeks thereafter needed to establish prenatal care, it is essential that the woman who has diabetes attempt to lower her glucose concentrations and treat any intercurrent complications (e.g. hypertension, retinopathy) prior to the initiation of efforts to conceive. The elements of a preconception care program for pregestational diabetic women include health care provider education, patient recruitment and retention, education about family planning and distribution of contraception, the diagnosis and treatment of complications of diabetes, the establishment of control of maternal glucose, and the transition to intensive prenatal care. The support and encouragement of health care personnel, family, and friends is essential for patient retention and compliance with the often rigorous demands of good preconception care. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Pregnancy complications as a risk factor for metabolic and cardiovascular disease in later life; In recent years several large epidemiological studies have been published that demonstrate that women who experience gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension or pre-eclampsia have an increased risk of developing type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. 15-50% of women who experience gestational diabetes develop type-2 diabetes mellitus; the risk is particularly high in those who require insulin therapy during pregnancy. Chronic hypertension frequently develops years after a pregnancy complicated by pregnancy-induced hypertension, especially in women who have had pregnancy-induced hypertension in multiple pregnancies. Women who experience pre-eclampsia in the first 36 weeks of pregnancy or in multiple pregnancies have an increased risk of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in later life. Therefore gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension and pre-eclampsia provide an opportunity to identify individuals with an increased risk of type-2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease at an early age. This may create new perspectives on prevention.
Maternal vasculopathy and histologic diagnosis of preeclampsia: Poor correlation of histologic changes and clinical manifestation; Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the frequency of maternal vasculopathy and to determine the usefulness of placental examination in correlation with clinical manifestation of pregnancy-induced hypertension. Study design: We investigated 350 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas over a 2.5-year period (January 2002-June 2004) to identify the potential usefulness of the maternal vasculopathy in histologic diagnosis and corroboration of clinical preeclampsia. This study was carried out at West Virginia University Ruby Memorial Hospital, where 1271 placentas were examined macroscopically and microscopically for the period. The presence or absence of vascular changes, infarctions, thrombosis, abruption, chorangiosis, and chorioamnionitis were investigated for each placenta with the clinical diagnosis of preeclampsia or pregnancy-induced hypertension. Results: Two types of vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension, namely maternal atherosis and fibrinoid medial necrosis, were found in 21.4% of the placentas (75/350 placentas). These vascular changes were found mainly in the decidua capsularis of the membrane rolls, not on the decidua basalis of the maternal floor. There were more placental infarctions within these placentas (32.3%; 113/350 placentas). Intervillous thrombosis was 18.9% (66/350 placentas); microscopic abruption was 6.3% (22/350 placentas); chorangiosis was 10.9% (38/350 placentas), and chorioamnionitis was 8.6% (30/350 placentas). Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that the maternal vascular changes that are characteristic of pregnancy-induced hypertension are found in approximately 1 of 5 pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas. Examination of pregnancy-induced hypertension placentas should be based on a combination of a number of histologic changes. Furthermore, the decidua capsularis of the fetal membrane roll, rather than the decidua basalis of the maternal floor, of the placenta should be examined for these maternal vascular changes. © 2006 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
A relational study of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes; Objectives: The purposes of this study were to investigate the factors impacting the women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) developing type 2 diabetes and its incidence density and to compare the differences between developing type 2 diabetes and non-developing type 2 diabetes in risk factors of coronary heart disease. Method: Based on a non-concurrent cohort study design, we got a total of 558 women with GDM and delivered to a medical center in Taipei from 1998 to 2002. We invited them to participate in the activity of "Come Back Home for Women with GDM" through telephone and mailing from May to June of 2003. Participants were asked to complete the questionnaire and finish the blood test when they came back. The StatXact 4.0 was used to analyze the incidence density of type 2 diabetes. In addition, we presented the descriptive analysis, t-test, K-W test, and Multivariate Logistic Regression analysis using SPSS 11.0. Results: 152 GDM women had been followed, 10 of whom developed diabetes, the other 5 women had been diagnosed with diabetes before this research, so that the diabetes incidence came up to 9.6%. The incidence density of diabetes during the years from 1998 to 2002 was 2.5%c person year, and the predicting factors of developing type 2 diabetes were "pre-pregnant body mass index" and "the plasma glucose value of 100g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the first hour during pregnancy". There was a significant association between developing type 2 diabetes and non-developing type 2 diabetes in risk factors of coronary heart disease, such as 75g OGTT 2-hour insulin and blood sugar, HbA1c, triglyceride, actual body mass index, waist circumstance, waist buttock ratio, body fat and systolic pressure. Conclusion: The findings reveal that the incidence density of type 2 diabetes and its predictors of GDM women are similar with the findings from abroad. Developing type 2 diabetes women with GDM have higher risk factors of coronary heart disease than other non-GDM women.
Pregnant diabetic patients: Institutional experience; Background: Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality. The diet and insulin have revolutionized the care related with pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Objective: To report the management experience in patients with diabetes and pregnancy at the Instituto Materno Infantil, Estado de México. Patients and method: A descriptive, retrospective, observational and cross-sectional study of pregnant women with diabetes and pregnancy was conducted from 2003 to 2004. Results: We included 55 pregnant women who had: gestational diabetes 30 (54.4%), pregestational diabetes 24 (43.6%), and carbohydrate intolerance 1 (1.8%); every one of them were controlled either with diet, insulin or both. The mean age was 30.6, 80% with family history of type 2 diabetes mellitus, 9% gestational diabetes. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed in 33.3% by abnormal 50 g glucose screening and 46.6% with oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The main complications among the patients were urinary disease (61.3%) and the major fetal malformation were those related with cardiovascular disease (9.09%). The most frequent mode of delivery was cesarean section (58%) and birth weight was of 3,146 g. Conclusions: The main risk factors identified among women in the study group were as follow: More than 25 years of age and family history of diabetes mellitus. We observed a progressive increase in the insulin dosage. The most consistent complications among the patients were urinary infection and the major fetal malformation was cardiovascular disease.
Endothelial dysfunction: Connection between insulin resistance, diabetes, and atherosclerosis?; For a long time, it has been believed that insulin resistance, diabetes and atherosclerosis share common pathogenetic mechanisms. Endothelial dysfunction is now found at the core of the "unifying theory". It partly explains the occurrence of the above mentioned states. Endothelial dysfunction is defined as an imbalance between vasodilative and vasoconstrictive substances; they are produced by endothelial cells or have an influence on them. Macrophages, which are to be found in the white adipose tissue, produce and secrete many different substances that have a negative effect on the endothelial function. Also they are responsible for an inflammatory status. Atherosclerotic damages in the roacrocirculation are the consequence; in the microcirculation the capillaries are disregulated. The assessment of endothelial function as an early marker of atherosclerosis can be measured by different methods, non invasive and invasive. A quantification of important endothelial characteristics is possible by determining laboratory values. The task of developing clinically applicable assessment tools is made difficult by the multitude of available methods, as well as by the still insufficiently defined normal values. The attempt is further complicated by the physiological variations of endothelial function and the different regulation mechanisms in various vascular territories.
Mellitus diabetes in Spain: Death rates, prevalence, impact, costs and inequalities; Objective: Describing the situation of diabetes mellitus (DM) in Spain from a public health perspective. Matherial and method: A manual review of books and other documents on diabetes mellitus in Spain was conduced. In addition, a specific research of articles published using MeSH terms diabetes mortality, prevalence, incidence, cost, inequalities and Spain was conduced in Medline through Internet (PubMed). Minimun Basic Data Set was utilized as source for complication description by Communities Autonomus. Results: DM is one of the leading cause of mortality and the third one in women. With regard to Autonomous Communities, Canary Islands, Ceuta y Melilla and Andalusia show the greatest mortality with a downward trend. Diabetics present grater mortality than non diabetic patients, being complications the main cause of the over-mortality, especially ischemic heart disease. Estimations of prevalence for DM2 range from 4.8% to 18.7% and for DM1, from .08% to .2%. In pregnancy, it has been noted a prevalence ranging from 4.5% to 16.1%. With respect to incidence per year, it is estimated a range from 146 to 820 per 100 000 inhabitants for DM2 and a range from 10 to 17 mew cases annually per 100 000 inhabitants for DM1. Costs for DM1 show very different results, averaging between 1,262 and 3,311 e per people and year. There are differences for DM2 costs as well, averaging between 381 and 2,560 e per patient and year. Total costs estimated range from 758 to 4,348 € per person and year. Relationship between a low socioeconomic level (LSL) and DM2 risk has been proved. Moreover, it has been noted that the less LSL the worse is the disease control, coupled with a greater frequency and more frequent factors of DM2 risk. Conclusions: The knowledge about the situation of the DM as a Public Health problem in Spain is limited. Mortality data available does not gather its real magnitude, and prevalence, incidence, costs and inequalities research are very poor and hardly comparable. In spite of this degree of incertitude, we can state that DM is an important public health problem with a continuous increase, especially DM2, if the appropriate prevention and control measures are not taken.
Perinatal stroke in Saudi children. Clinical features and risk factors; Objectives: To describe the clinical features and presentations of perinatal stroke in a prospective and retrospective cohort of Saudi children and ascertain the risk factors. Methods: Patients with perinatal stroke were identified from within a cohort of 104 Saudi children who were evaluated at the Division of Pediatric Neurology at King Khalid University Hospital, College of Medicine, King Saud University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia from July 1992 to February 2001 (retrospective study) and February 2001 to March 2003 (prospective study). Neuroimaging for suspected cases of stroke consisted of cranial CT, MRI, or both. Results: During the study period, 23 (22%) of 104 children (aged one month to 12 years) were diagnosed to have had perinatal. stroke. The male:female ratio was 1.6:1. Ten (67%) of the 15 children who had unilateral ischemic involvement had their lesion in the left hemisphere. The presentation of the ischemic result was within 24-72 hours of life in 13 (57%) patients, and in 6 children (26%), motor impairment was recognized at or after the age of 4 months. Nine children (39%) had seizures at presentation. Pregnancy, labour, and delivery risk factors were ascertained in 18 (78%) cases. The most common of these included emergency cesarean section in 5 cases, and instrumental delivery in another 5. Screening for prothrombotic risk factors detected abnormalities in 6 (26%) patients on at least one test carried out between 2 months and 9 years of age. Four children (17%) had low protein C, which was associated with low protein S and raised anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) in one patient, and low antithrombin III in another. Low protein S was detected in a 42-month-old boy. The abnormality in the sixth child was confined to raised ACA. Conclusions: The present study highlights the non-specific features by which stroke presents during the neonatal period. The data are in keeping with the potential role for inherited and acquired thrombophilia as being the underlying cause. However, the high prevalence of additional acquired antenatal and perinatal risk factors support a multifactorial disorder.
Follow-up of pregnancy in acromegalic women: Different presentations and outcomes; Pregnancy in acromegaly is a rather rare event since the fertility is reduced in acromegalic women. Besides, metabolic complications of acromegaly are harmful to both mother and fetus. Little is known about the outcome of pregnancy in acromegalic women. Here, we report seven cases of pregnancy out of 48 acromegalic women followed for 16 years. At diagnosis, five patients had macroadenoma, one patient had microadenoma and the size of the tumor was not documented in one patient. In one patient, acromegaly was initially diagnosed during pregnancy at 29 weeks. When she was 33 weeks, she developed pituitary apoplexy and had an emergency transsphenoidal resection of her macroadenoma during which she also had a cesarian section and delivered a healthy baby girl. In the remaining six patients, pregnancy occured 6 to 64.5 months after the adenoma resection. Three patients received radiotherapy before getting pregvnant. In three patients, pregnancy occured during bromocriptine treatment and the drug was withdrawn. In one patient, pregnancy occured during chronic octreotide treatment and therapeutic abortion was performed. In another patient, therapeutic abortion was performed because of uncontrolled disease. In the remaining four patients, there were neither worsening of symptoms nor tumor growth. All four patients gave birth to full-term healthy infants. Out of our seven patients, two developed gestational diabetes mellitus which was controlled with diet. None of the patients had coronary artery disease, hypertension or dyslipidemia. These cases show that pregnancy might be uneventful in acromegalic women when the disease is controlled with prior surgery and radiotherapy. © J. A. Barth Verlag in Georg Thieme Verlag KG.
Nutrition in pregnancy; A healthy and varied diet is important at all times in life, but particularly so during pregnancy. The maternal diet must provide sufficient energy and nutrients to meet the mother's usual requirements, as well as the needs of the growing fetus, and enable the mother to lay down stores of nutrients required for fetal development as well as for lactation. The dietary recommendations for pregnant women are actually very similar to those for other adults, but with a few notable exceptions. The main recommendation is to follow a healthy, balanced diet based on the Balance of Good Health model. In particular, pregnant women should try to consume plenty of iron- and folate-rich foods, and a daily supplement of vitamin D (10 μg/day) is recommended throughout pregnancy. There are currently no official recommendations for weight gain during pregnancy in the UK. For women with a healthy pre-pregnancy weight, an average weight gain of 12 kg (range 10-14 kg) has been shown to be associated with the lowest risk of complications during pregnancy and labour, and with a reduced risk of having a low birthweight (LBW) infant. However, in practice, well-nourished women with a normal pre-pregnancy bodyweight show wide variations in weight gain during pregnancy. Low gestational weight gain increases the risk of having a LBW infant, whereas excessive weight gain during pregnancy increases the risk of overweight and obesity in the mother after the birth. A birthweight of 3.1-3.6 kg has been shown to be associated with optimal maternal and fetal outcomes for a full-term infant. LBW (birthweight <2.5 kg) is associated with increased infant morbidity and mortality, as well as an increased risk of adult diseases in later life, such as cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. The fetal origins hypothesis states that chronic diseases in adulthood may be a consequence of 'fetal programming', whereby a stimulus or insult at a critical, sensitive period in development has a permanent effect on structure, physiology or function. However, there is little evidence that in healthy, well-nourished women, the diet can be manipulated in order to prevent LBW and the risk of chronic diseases in later life. Maternal nutritional status at the time of conception is an important determinant of fetal growth and development, and therefore a healthy, balanced diet is important before, as well as during, pregnancy. It is also important to try and attain a healthy bodyweight prior to conception [body mass index (BMI) of 20-25], as being either underweight or overweight can affect both fertility and birth outcome. It is now well recognised that taking folic acid during the peri-conceptional period can reduce the incidence of neural tube defects (NTDs), and all women who may become pregnant are advised to take a folic acid supplement of 400 μg/day prior to and up until the 12th week of pregnancy. The UK Committee on Medical Aspects of Food Policy (COMA) panel has established dietary reference values (DRVs) for nutrients for which there is an increased requirement during pregnancy. This includes thiamin, riboflavin, folate and vitamins A, C and D, as well as energy and protein. The energy costs of pregnancy have been estimated at around 321 MJ (77 000 kcal), based on theoretical calculations and data from longitudinal studies. In practice, individual women vary widely in metabolic rate, fat deposition and physical activity level, so there are wide variations in individual energy requirements during pregnancy. In the UK, the recommendation is that an extra 200 kcal of energy per day is required during the third trimester only. However, this assumes a reduction in physical activity level during pregnancy, and women who are underweight or who do not reduce their activity level may require more. The COMA DRV panel did not establish any increment in requirements for any minerals during pregnancy, as physiological adaptations are thought to help meet the increased demand for minerals, e.g. there is an increase in absorption of calcium and iron. However, certain individuals will require more calcium, particularly teenagers whose skeletons are still developing. Up to 50% of women of childbearing age in the UK have low iron stores, and are therefore at risk of developing anaemia should they become pregnant. Moreover, around 40% of women aged 19-34 years currently have an iron intake below the lower reference nutrient intake (LRNI). Pregnant women are therefore advised to consume plenty of iron-rich foods during pregnancy and, in some cases, supplementation may be necessary. There are a number of food safety issues that apply to women before and during pregnancy. It is advisable to pay particular attention to food hygiene during pregnancy, and to avoid certain foods (e.g. mould-ripened and blue-veined cheeses) in order to reduce the risk of exposure to potentially harmful food pathogens, such as listeria and salmonella. Pregnant women, and those who may become pregnant, are also advised to avoid foods that are high in retinol (e.g liver and liver products), as excessive intakes are toxic to the developing fetus. It is also recommended that the intake of both alcohol and caffeine is limited to within current guidelines. As for the general population, pregnant women should try to consume at least two portions of fish per week, one of which should be oil-rich. However, in 2004, the Food Standards Agency (FSA) issued new advice on oil-rich fish consumption and now recommends a limit of no more than two portions of oil-rich fish per week for pregnant women (and those who may become pregnant). Oil-rich fish is a rich source of long-chain n-3 fatty acids which are thought to help protect against heart disease. Furthermore, these types of fatty acids are also required for fetal brain and nervous system development. The upper limit on oil-rich fish consumption is to avoid the risk of exposure to dioxins and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), which are environmental pollutants. Pregnant women are also advised to avoid marlin, shark and swordfish, and limit their intake of tuna due to the risk of exposure to methylmercury, which at high levels can be harmful to the developing nervous system of the fetus. There are certain considerations with regard to specific dietary groups during pregnancy. For example, vegetarians and vegans may have difficulty meeting their requirements for certain vitamins and minerals, particularly riboflavin, vitamin B12, calcium, iron and zinc. However, most vegan and vegetarian women should be able to meet their nutrient requirements during pregnancy, with careful dietary planning, while those on very restricted diets may also need to consume fortified foods or supplements. Pregnancy during adolescence raises a number of nutritional concerns. Teenagers already have high nutrient requirements for growth and development, and therefore there is potential competition for nutrients. Furthermore, a large proportion of teenage girls have low intakes of a range of nutrients that are important during pregnancy, particularly folate, calcium and iron. Teenagers who become pregnant often do not take folic acid supplements, either because the pregnancy is unplanned, or because they are unaware of the importance of taking folic acid. Teenage pregnancy therefore presents particular challenges for health professionals. As well as following a healthy, balanced diet during pregnancy, staying physically active is also important, to promote general health and well-being, and also to help prevent excess maternal weight gain. Studies that have looked at the effects of maternal physical activity on pregnancy outcome have been of variable quality, but there is little evidence that moderate exercise can have any adverse effects on the health of the mother or the fetus. Studies do suggest that regular, aerobic exercise during pregnancy helps improve or maintain physical fitness and body image. It is recommended that pregnant women should continue with their usual physical activity for as long as feels comfortable, and try to keep active on a daily basis, e.g. by walking. Swimming is a particularly suitable form of exercise, although it is advisable to avoid strenuous or vigorous physical activity during pregnancy. © 2006 British Nutrition Foundation.
Hyperhomocysteinemia in diabetic pregnancy; Homocysteine is an amino acid that is involved in several key metabolic processes. Blood concentrations of homocysteine are determined by various dietary factors, including folic acid and vitamin B12; alterations in physiology, such as renal impairment; and variation in the activity of enzymes in the various pathways as a result of genetic polymorphisms. In normal pregnancy, homocysteine concentrations decrease. Disturbance of maternal and fetal homocysteina metabolism is associated with fetal neural tube defects, with various conditions characterized by placental vasculopaty, such as pre-eclampsia and abruption; and with recurrent pregnancy loss. The combination of hyperhomocysteinemia and abnormal glucose tolerance may increase the risk of placental vasculopathy in pre-eclampsia. Therefore, the goal of this study was to evaluate the possible association between plasma-total homocysteine and gestational diabetes or glucose intolerance in normotensive and preeclamptic pregnant women, A prospective study included 50 pregnant women who came to the Department of Mycrobiologic Science and Gynaecologic Science of the University of Catania during the period covering from January 2004 to March 2005. The O'Sullivan test and oral glucose tolerance test was performed; and homocysteine, folate and vitamin B12 were measured from the 20th to the 34 th weeks of pregnancy. Significant differences were observed in women with gestational diabetes complicated by hypertension (GD + PIH), while in normotensive patients the glucose intolerance group did showed significant differences. © Copyright 2006, CIC Edizioni Internazionali, Roma.
Some thoughts on the vasculopathy of women with ischemic heart disease; Considerable experimental and clinical data indicate that sex has an important influence on cardiovascular physiology and pathology. This report integrates selected literature with new data from the Women's Ischemia Syndrome Evaluation (WISE) on vascular findings in women with ischemic heart disease (IHD) and how these findings differ from those in men. A number of common vascular disease-related conditions are either unique to (e.g., hypertensive disorders of pregnancy, gestational diabetes, peripartum dissection, polycystic ovarian syndrome, etc.) or more frequent (e.g., migraine, coronary spasm, lupus, vasculitis, Raynaud's phenomenon, etc.) in women than men. Post-menopausal women more frequently have many traditional vascular disease risk conditions (e.g., hypertension, diabetes, obesity, inactivity, and so on), and these conditions cluster more frequently in them than men. Considerable evidence supports the notion that, with these requisite conditions, women develop a more severe or somewhat different form of vascular disease than men. Structurally, women's coronary vessels are smaller in size and appear to contain more diffuse atherosclerosis, their aortas are stiffer (fibrosis, remodeling, and so on), and their microvessels appear to be more frequently dysfunctional compared with men. Functionally, women's vessels frequently show impaired vasodilator responses. Limitations of existing data and higher risks in women with acute myocardial infarction, need for revascularization, or heart failure create uncertainty about management. A better understanding of these findings should provide direction for new algorithms to improve management of the vasculopathy underlying IHD in women. © 2006 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation.
Leptin in pregnancy: An update; Leptin influences satiety, adiposity, and metabolism and is associated with mechanisms regulating puberty onset, fertility, and pregnancy in various species. Maternal hyperleptinemia is a hallmark of mammalian pregnancy, although both the roles of leptin and the mechanisms regulating its synthesis appear to be taxa specific. In pregnant humans and nonhuman primates, leptin is produced by both maternal and fetal adipose tissues, as well as by the placental trophoblast. Specific receptors in the uterine endometrium, trophoblast, and fetus facilitate direct effects of the polypeptide on implantation, placental endocrine function, and conceptus development. A soluble isoform of the receptor may be responsible for inducing maternal leptin resistance during pregnancy and/or may facilitate the transplacental passage of leptin for the purpose of directly regulating fetal development. The steroid hormones are linked to the regulation of leptin and the leptin receptor and probably interact with other pregnancy-specific, serum-borne factors to regulate leptin dynamics during pregnancy. In addition to its effects on normal conceptus development, leptin is linked to mechanisms affecting a diverse array of pregnancy-specific pathologies that include preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, and intrauterine growth restriction. Association with these anomalies and with mechanisms pointing to a fetal origin for a range of conditions affecting the individual's health in adult life, such as obesity, diabetes mellitus, and cardiovascular disease, reiterate the need for continued research dedicated to elucidating leptin's roles and regulation throughout gestation. © 2006 by the Society for the Study of Reproduction, Inc.
Activated protein C resistance - In the absence of factor V Leiden - And pregnancy; Background: Activated protein C (APC) resistance with or without factor V Leiden (FVL) is amajor risk factor for venous thromboembolism. Many previous pregnancy studies have been focused on APC resistance caused by FVL. Very few have investigated APC resistance in the absence of FVL (APCRFVL-). Material and methods: In a prospective study of 2480 unselected gravidae, blood was drawn in early pregnancy (mean = 12 weeks of gestation). APC resistance was analyzed by an APTT-based method (Coatest® APC-resistance) and the presence of FVL was determined by PCR. The APCRFVL- group had similar mean APC resistance ratio as the heterozygous carriers of FVL. The analyseswere carried out no earlier than 3 months after delivery when all data were recorded. Small-for-gestational age (SGA) was used as a proxy for intrauterine growth restriction. Results: When compared with the control group, women with APCRFVL- had no increased risk of SGA, pre-eclampsia,.rst trimester fetal loss or venous thromboembolism. However, they had an increased risk of second trimester fetal loss (7.3% vs. 2.7%, P = 0.01), and a tendency of being overweight (17.3% vs. 12.6%, P = 0.19) and of delivering extremely preterm (2.8% vs. 1.0%, P = 0.11). Conclusion: Women with APC resistance not caused by FVL were not at increased risk for SGA, pre-eclampsia, .rst trimester fetal loss, or abnormal blood loss. However, they showed an increased prevalence of second trimester fetal loss. © 2006 International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis.
Early onset of subclinical atherosclerosis in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; Objective: Common carotid artery intima-media thickness (CIMT) is a non-invasively assessed marker of subclinical atherosclerosis. Our aim in this study was to investigate CIMT in women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: Thirty women with GDM and 40 unaffected women (as a control group) were included in the study. Blood samples were drawn from each woman in the morning after they had fasted for at least 8 h, and levels of fasting glucose, insulin, homocysteine, total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) cholesterol were measured, along with the CIMT in the two groups. Results: The mean triglyceride (P = 0.016) and VLDL cholesterol (P = 0.011) levels in the GDM group were significantly higher than those in the unaffected women. There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to plasma levels of total cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, LDL cholesterol and insulin. The mean homocysteine (P = 0.027) and fasting glucose (P = 0.019) levels in women with GDM were significantly higher than those in the control group. Patients with GDM had significantly higher CIMT than did the unaffected women (0.582 ± 0.066 mm vs. 0.543 ± 0.049 mm, P = 0.006). CIMT correlated positively with maternal age (r = 0.316, P = 0.008), body mass index (BMI) at the time of a 50-g oral glucose load test (r = 0.414, P = 0.001; and homocysteine levels (r = 0.332, P = 0.008), and fasting glucose (T = 0.265, P = 0.031) and 1-h glucose value (r = 0.410, P = 0.001) at the time of the oral glucose tolerance test. There was a positive correlation between the presence of GDM and CIMT (r = 0.372, P = 0.001). However, stepwise multiple regression analysis showed that GDM/no GDM (95% CI +0.012 to +0.076, P = 0.008) and BMI at the time of the 50-g test (95% CI +0.001 to +0.009, P = 0.011) were independent parameters related to CIMT. Conclusion: Women with GDM have increased CIMT compared with unaffected women. Copyright © 2006 ISUOG.
The impact of ethnicity on glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome following gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis: We assessed the impact of ethnic origin on metabolism in women following gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Materials and methods: Glucose regulation and other features of the metabolic syndrome were studied at 20.0 (18.2-22.1) months (geometric mean [95% CI]) post-partum in women with previous GDM (185 European, 103 Asian-Indian, 80 African-Caribbean). They were compared with the same features in 482 normal control subjects who had normal glucose regulation during and following pregnancy. Results: Impaired glucose regulation or diabetes by WHO criteria were present in 37% of women with previous GDM (diabetes in 17%), especially in those of African-Caribbean and Asian-Indian origin (50 and 44%, respectively vs 28% in European, p=0.009). BMI, waist circumference, diastolic blood pressure, fasting triglyceride and insulin levels, and insulin resistance by homeostatic model assessment (HOMA), were increased following GDM (p<0.001 for all, vs control subjects). Where glucose regulation was normal following GDM, basal insulin secretion (by HOMA) was high (p<0.001 vs control subjects). Irrespective of glucose regulation in pregnancy, Asian-Indian origin was associated with high triglyceride and low HDL cholesterol levels, and African-Caribbean with increased waist circumference, blood pressure, and insulin levels, together with insulin resistance and low triglyceride concentrations. Nonetheless, the GDM-associated features were consistent within each ethnic group. The metabolic syndrome by International Diabetes Federation criteria was present in 37% of women with previous GDM, especially in non-Europeans (Asian-Indian 49%, African-Caribbean 43%, European 28%, p=0.001), and in 10% of controls. Conclusions/interpretation: Following GDM, abnormal glucose regulation and the metabolic syndrome are common, especially in non-European women, indicating a need for diabetes and cardiovascular disease prevention strategies. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Should all pregnant diabetic women undergo a fetal echocardiography? A cost-effectiveness analysis comparing four screening strategies; Objective: To determine if a policy of universal fetal echocardiography for all pregnant diabetic women is cost-effective as a screening tool for congenital heart defects. Study Design: Using a decision-analysis model, we compared the cost-effectiveness of four screening strategies: (1) none-no ultrasound is performed; (2) selective fetal echocardiography after abnormal detailed anatomic survey; (3) fetal echocardiography for only high hemoglobin AIC, and (4) universal fetal echocardiography for all diabetics. The sensitivity and specificity for each strategy were derived by literature search. The analysis was from a societal perspective using a willingness-to-pay threshold ($50000) and a theoretic cohort of 40 000 pregnant diabetics. Costs included costs of tests and the costs of complications and of raising a child with a cardiac defect. Outcomes were reported as cost per quality-adjusted life years (QALY) gained for each congenital heart defect prevented by each strategy and the number of congenital heart defects detected. One-way, multiway and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed. Results: Compared with the other strategies, selective fetal echocardiography after abnormal detailed anatomic survey costs less per QALY gained for cardiac defect screening. Although universal fetal echocardiography was associated with a higher detection rate for cardiac defects, it was more costly. The sensitivity analyses revealed a robust model over a wide range of values. Conclusion: Under the baseline assumptions, selective fetal echocardiography after an abnormal detailed anatomic survey is more cost-effective compared with universal fetal echocardiography as a screening strategy for cardiac defects in pregnant diabetics. Copyright © 2006 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Metabolic Syndrome: Screening, Diagnosis, and Management; Metabolic syndrome, a growing issue in women's health, is a cluster of health findings that increase the risk of cardiovascular events. The prevalence of metabolic syndrome is higher in women and is linked to several conditions unique to women's health, including polycystic ovary syndrome, gestational diabetes, pregnancy-induced hypertension, and female sexual dysfunction. Risk factors, screening strategies, and therapeutic management of metabolic syndrome in women are discussed. © 2006 American College of Nurse-Midwives.
The effectiveness of intensive glycemic control for the prevention of vascular complications in diabetes mellitus; Obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus have reached epidemic proportions in the US, and indeed, globally. While microvascular complications contribute to considerable morbidity, much of the excess mortality (around 70%) is due to macrovascular disease. Hyperglycemia has predictable toxic effects on multiple organs ('glucotoxicity') including the pancreas, where it impairs insulin secretion and insulin gene expression through mechanisms that lead to glucose densensitization and β-cell exhaustion, eventually resulting in irreversible β-cell failure. There is robust evidence to suggest that strict glycemic control reduces diabetic microvascular complications (retinopathy, nephropathy, and neuropathy) in both primary- and secondary-prevention settings. While unequivocal evidence that intensive glycemic control reduces the risk of death due to macrovascular disease is lacking, meta-analytic data and controlled clinical trial data suggest there may still be clinically significant lowering of the risk for macrovascular endpoints through strict glycemic control. Cardiovascular disease in a diabetic patient is a collusion of several factors besides hyperglycemia, such as hypertension, dyslipidemia, diffuse endothelial dysfunction, hypercoagulability, and inflammation. It is important to address lifestyle issues such as maintenance of ideal bodyweight, good dietary practice, smoking cessation, and regular exercise in the comprehensive risk management of a diabetic patient, in order to reduce the vascular complications. Large, ongoing clinical trials such as ACCORD (Action to Control Cardiovascular Risk in Diabetes) are likely to establish the potential benefits of glycemic control in preventing or postponing macrovascular complications of diabetes. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based guidelines for the investigation and medical treatment of recurrent miscarriage; Recurrent miscarriage (RM; ≥3 consecutive early pregnancy losses) affects around 1% of fertile couples. Parental chromosomal anomalies, maternal thrombophilic disorders and structural uterine anomalies have been directly associated with recurrent miscarriage; however, in the vast majority of cases the pathophysiology remains unknown. We have updated the ESHRE Special Interest Group for Early Pregnancy (SIGEP) protocol for the investigation and medical management of RM. Based on the data of recently published large randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses, we recommend that basic investigations of a couple presenting with recurrent miscarriage should include obstetric and family history, age, BMI and exposure to toxins, full blood count, antiphospholipid antibodies (lupus anticoagulant and anticardiolipin antibodies), parental karyotype, pelvic ultrasound and/or hysterosalpingogram. Other investigations should be limited to particular cases and/or used within research programmes. Tender loving care and health advice are the only interventions that do not require more RCTs. All other proposed therapies, which require more investigations, are of no proven benefit or are associated with more harm than good. © 2006 Oxford University Press.
Update on the management of polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common endocrine disorder that affects 5% to 10% of women in reproductive age. It is the most simply defined as the association of hyperandrogenism (diagnosed clinically and/ or biochemically) with chronic anovulation in the absence of specific ovarian, adrenal and pituitary gland diseases. Recent studies have revealed that PCOS is associated with hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance. Both of them have been shown to play a substantial role in the increased risk of the cardiovascular events. The new data concerning the pathogenesis and management of PCOS have changed its treatment strategy. The management of PCOS is complex and includes lifestyle modification combined with dietary-induced weight loss, oral contraceptives, clomiphene citrate, gonadotropins, antiandrogens and insulin-sensitizing agents. Women with PCOS, diagnosed and managed properly, can benefit from the reduction or even reversal of the reproductive and metabolic morbidities and from the reduction of the risk factors for cardiovascular disorders. In this article, we describe all these treatment options. Although both standard and novel therapies are discussed, this review focuses on the progress made in the recent years. Copyright © 2006 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences.
Developmental origins of cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and obesity in humans; Fetal growth restriction and low weight gain in infancy are associated with an increased risk of adult cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes and the Metabolic Syndrome. The fetal origins of adult disease hypothesis proposes that these associations reflect permanent changes in metabolism, body composition and tissue structure caused by undernutrition during critical periods of early development. An alternative hypothesis is that both small size at birth and later disease have a common genetic aetiology. These two hypotheses are not mutually exclusive. In addition to low birthweight, fetal 'overnutrition' caused by maternal obesity and gestational diabetes leads to an increased risk of later obesity and type 2 diabetes. There is consistent evidence that accelerated BMI gain during childhood, and adult obesity, are additional risk factors for cardiovascular disease and diabetes. These effects are exaggerated in people of low birthweight. Poor fetal and infant growth combined with recent increases in childhood adiposity may underlie the high rates of disease in developing countries undergoing nutritional transition. Sub-optimal maternal nutritional status is a major cause of low birthweight globally but its impact on fetal growth in 'well-nourished' western populations has been inadequately studied. In experimental animals hypertension and insulin resistance can be programmed in the offspring by restricting maternal diet in pregnancy but there are currently insufficient data to determine whether maternal nutritional status and diet programme cardiovascular disease risk in humans. ©2006 Eurekah.com and Springer Science+Business Media.
Stillbirth and Bereavement: Guidelines for Stillbirth Investigation; Objectives: To provide an investigation protocol to help health care providers determine the cause of a fetal death. Options: Consideration has been given to protocols for the investigation of fetal death that are currently available in Canada and in other countries. Outcomes: Identification of possible causes of stillbirth and their relationship to future pregnancies. Evidence: Articles related to the etiology of fetal death were identified in a search of MEDLINE (January 1993 to December 2004), the Cochrane Library, and investigation protocols from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the Alberta Medical Association Committee on Reproductive Care, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention National Center for Health Statistics. Benefits: To provide better advice for women regarding possible causes of fetal death and implications for future pregnancies. Recommendation: A protocol should be used to investigate the possible cause of a fetal death. (Il-B). Validation: The evidence obtained was reviewed and evaluated by the Maternal-Fetal Medicine Committee and the Clinical Practice Obstetrics Committee of the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada. The level of evidence and quality of the recommendation made was described using the Evaluation of Evidence criteria of the Canadian Task Force on the Periodic Health Examination. Sponsor: The Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada.
Maternal obesity as a risk factor for complications in pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes; Obesity is a worldwide growing epidemic. The negative influence of obesity is huge and considered to be one of the major contributors to health problems in the western world. There is a significant association between obesity and diabetes mellitus, ischemic heart disease, some cancers and syndromes of sleep apnea. Furthermore, obesity was described to have a negative influence on fertility, pregnancy, labor and pregnancy outcomes. It was also discovered that obesity was significantly associated with gestational hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and complications in cesarean delivery and anesthesia. This review aims to present updates on the relationship between obesity and pregnancy and labor outcomes, emphasizing the significance of obesity as a risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome.
Manifestations of chronic disease during pregnancy; Context: Physiologic changes of pregnancy include insulin resistance, thrombophilia, immunosuppression, and hypervolemia. These changes may herald the development of disease in later life. Objective: To summarize current evidence on how pregnancy reveals risk of chronic disease. Evidence Acquisition: MEDLINE was searched for articles published between 1990 and 2005 relating pregnancy conditions to the development of chronic disease. Bibliographies and the Web sites of the International Society of Obstetric Medicine and International Society for the Study of Hypertension in Pregnancy were also reviewed. Evidence Synthesis: Pregnancy exaggerates atherogeniclike responses, including insulin resistance and dyslipidemia, manifesting as preeclampsia or gestational diabetes. These complications herald an increased risk of postpartum cardiovascular disease, with a 2-fold increased risk of coronary artery disease and stroke. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus can progress to type 2 diabetes mellitus. The rate of progression varies from 6% to 92% depending on diagnostic criteria, race/ethnicity, and duration of surveillance (from 6 months to 28 years). Pregnancy increases risk of venous thrombosis by 7- to 10-fold. Heritable thrombophilia is present in at least 15% of Western populations and underlies at least 50% of gestational venous thromboses. Thus, the procoagulant changes during pregnancy can unmask hereditary thrombophilia. An important adaptation leading to immunotolerance of the fetoplacental unit is a switch from helper T-cell (TH) 1 dominance to TH2 dominance. Patients with a TH1-dominant immune disease, such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis, improve during pregnancy. However, rheumatoid arthritis is 5 times more likely to develop after delivery than at any other time. During pregnancy, there is a 50% increase in plasma volume, which can unmask glomerulopathies, peripartum cardiomyopathy, arterial aneurysms, or arteriovenous malformations. Development of intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy predicts increased risk of later cholelithiasis. Conclusions: The physiologic changes of pregnancy can reveal risk of chronic diseases. Exaggerated responses reflective of the metabolic syndrome are seen in preeclampsia and gestational diabetes and can herald future cardiovascular and metabolic disease. Pregnancy is therefore an important screening opportunity for cardiovascular and metabolic disease risk factors, with the possibility of early intervention. ©2005 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Maternal outcomes in pregnancies complicated by obesity; OBJECTIVE: To investigate the relationship between prepregnancy obesity and maternal outcomes. METHODS: A 15-year, population-based cohort study using the Nova Scotia Atlee Perinatal Database compared maternal outcomes in obese and nonobese women. Prepregnancy weight of 55-75 kg was considered nonobese, and weight greater than 90 kg was considered obese. Obese women were categorized into moderate obesity (90-120 kg) and severe obesity (> 120 kg) groups. Univariate and multivariable logistic regression analysis was performed, and odds ratios (ORs), adjusted ORs, and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated. P < .05 was considered statistically significant. RESULTS: In 142,404 singleton pregnancies, 10,134 (7.2%) women were identified as obese (moderate obesity 92.3%, severe obesity 7.7%). The proportion of women in the obese categories increased from 3.2% in 1988 to 10.2% in 2002. Moderately obese women had an increased risk of pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) (adjusted OR 2.38, 95% CI 2.24-2.52), antepartum venous thromboembolism (adjusted OR 2.17, 95% CI 1.30-3.63), labor induction (adjusted OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.86-2.04), cesarean delivery (adjusted OR 1.60, 95% CI 1.53-1.67), and wound infection (adjusted OR 1.67, 95% CI 1.38-2.00). Severely obese women had an increased risk of PIH (adjusted OR 3.00, 95% CI 2.49-3.62), antepartum venous thromboembolism (adjusted OR 4.13, 95% CI 1.26-13.54), induction of labor (adjusted OR 2.77, 95% CI 2.39-3.21), cesarean delivery (adjusted OR 2.46, 95% CI 2.15-2.81), anesthesia complications (adjusted OR 2.01, 95% CI 1.33-3.06), and wound infection (adjusted OR 4.79, 95% CI 3.30-6.95). This implies that, relative to nonobese women, there was 1 excess case of PIH per 10 moderately obese women and 1 per 7 severely obese women. For antepartum venous thromboembolism, there was 1 excess case per 857 moderately obese women and 1 per 321 severely obese women. CONCLUSION: Prepregnancy maternal obesity increases the risk of PIH, antepartum venous thromboembolism, labor induction, cesarean delivery, and wound infection. © 2005 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists. Published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Risk of complications during pregnancy after Senning or Mustard (atrial) repair of complete transposition of the great arteries; Aims: To investigate magnitude and determinants of risks during pregnancy in women with Mustard or Senning repair for complete transposition of the great arteries (TGA). Methods and results: Using a nationwide registry (CONCOR), 70 women with Senning (23%) or Mustard (77%) repair for TGA were enrolled. A total of 28 patients had 69 pregnancies (two twins), including 17 spontaneous miscarriages and three elective abortions. During 39 of the 49 completed pregnancies, complications were observed. The most important cardiac complication was clinically significant arrhythmia (n=11, 22%), especially occurring in patients with a prior history of arrhythmia. Important general pregnancy complications were preeclampsia (n=5, 10.2%) and pregnancy-induced hypertension (n=4, 8.2%). Obstetric complications included premature rupture of membranes (n=7, 14.3%), premature labour (n=12, 24.4%), premature delivery (n=16, 31.4%), and thrombo-embolic complications (n=2, 4.1%). Mean (singleton) pregnancy duration was 36±5 weeks. Eleven of the 51 children (21.6%) were small for gestational age. Foetal and neonatal mortality combined was 11.8% (n=6). No recurrence of congenital heart disease in the offspring was documented. Conclusion: In this largest report on pregnancy in women with atrial-corrected TGA to date, a high incidence of obstetric complications and mortality in the offspring was observed. © The European Society of Cardiology 2005. All rights reserved.
Increased plasma pro-B-type natriuretic peptide in infants of women with type I diabetes; Background: Up to 40% of newborn infants of women with type 1 diabetes have echocardiographic signs of cardiomyopathy. Increased plasma concentrations of B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) and its precursor (proBNP) are markers of cardiac failure and hypoxia in adults. In this study, we investigated whether plasma concentrations of proBNP and/or BNP are increased in infants of women with type 1 diabetes. Methods: Plasma BNP and proBNP were measured with RIAs. The proBNP assay measures both intact proBNP and NH2-terminal fragments derived from this precursor, whereas the BNP assay measures only BNP-32 and not proBNP. Results: Infants of women with diabetes and hemoglobin A1c (Hb A1c) >6.2% before delivery had a higher median plasma proBNP concentration (31 pmol/L; interquartile range, 21-47 pmol/L; n = 16) than infants of healthy women [16 (9-32) pmol/L; n = 21; P = 0.01]. Infants of women with diabetes and Hb A1c <6.2% (n = 15) had intermediate values. The plasma BNP and proBNP concentrations were closely associated (r 2 = 0.80; P < 0.0001); within the group of infants of women with diabetes and Hb A1c ≥6.2%, both correlated with the degree of fetal stress during labor. Conclusions: Maternal diabetes and suboptimal metabolic control may affect the fetal heart and predominantly stimulate proBNP secretion in conjunction with perinatal stress. © 2005 American Association for Clinical Chemistry.
DiGeorge syndrome: New insights; In conclusion, molecular analysis of a presumably rare developmental disorder led to the discovery of the most common deletion syndrome known to date, namely, the 22q11 deletion syndrome. The syndrome is characterized in part by congenital heart disease, immunodeficiency, hypocalcemia, palate anomalies, speech and feeding disorders, and facial dysmorphia as well as neurocognitive, behavioral, and psychiatric disorders. A significant proportion of infants with specific types of congenital heart defects have been found to have the 22q11 deletion syndrome and warrant early diagnosis to provide optimal anticipatory medical care and family counseling. Preliminary studies indicate that deletion status may also have an impact on clinical outcome, further emphasizing the need to identify the deletion-bearing patient for counseling and clinical purposes [54]. Routine testing of a subset of newborns and infants with cardiac disease should be considered, given the marked variability of clinical features associated with the deletion syndrome. Of note, a small number of infants with the clinical appearance of DiGeorge syndrome do not have a 22q11 deletion and should be evaluated for other etiologies, including different chromosomal abnormalities or maternal environmental factors. Additional research should continue to lend insight into the neurocognitive features of this syndrome, with potential applicability to a broader population. Investigations on the impact of genotype on clinical outcome should also serve to improve our clinical management of these infants. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Pattern of microvascular complications and associated comorbidities amongst diabetic patients at a tertiary care hospital; Objectives: To assess the frequency pattern of retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy as well as associated other co morbidities in diabetic patients. Material and methods: This cross-sectional observational study was conducted at Department of Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metabolic diseases, Postgraduate Medical Institute, Hayatabad Medical Complex Peshawar. Two hundred and two, indoor diabetic patients during one-year duration of time were interviewed, examined and investigated for retinopathy, nephropathy and peripheral sensory neuropathy. Critically ill patients requiring intensive care treatment and pregnant diabetics were excluded from the study. Relevant information about coronary artery disease, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, stroke, symptomatic peripheral arterial disease and obesity was also obtained. Results: Out of 202 cases, 73(36.2%) were males and 129(63.8%) were females. Retinopathy was detected in 58% cases (n=118); nephropathy in 61.4% cases (n=124) and neuropathy was present in 39.6% cases (n=80). Frequency of hypertension, coronary artery disease (CAD), high Low density lipoprotein cholesterol, low High density lipoprotein cholesterol and high BMI was 58.9%, 7.9%, 56.2%, 68.1% and 43% respectively Conclusion: Microvular complications are very common in our diabetic patients. Likewise, Hypertension, CAD, obesity and dyslipidemia were common among them.
Type 2 diabetes in pregnancy: A wolf in sheep's clothing; Type 2 diabetes is now the most common form of pregestational diabetes. Recent data suggest that pregnancies complicated by type 2 diabetes are associated with unacceptably high fetal mortality and morbidity, at an incidence comparable to pregnancies complicated by type 1 diabetes. This review examines the literature on type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, including its incidence and potential complications. There is a need to highlight the dangers of type 2 diabetes in pregnancy to both patients and medical practitioners. Peri-conception care needs to improve to achieve better pregnancy outcomes. © 2005 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists.
Diabetes in the elderly; Diabetes affects a higher percentage of older Americans, and with life expectancy continuing to increase, we can expect an increase in the prevalence of diabetes. Diabetes in the elderly means a much greater burden for cardiovascular disease so that prevention of diabetes should be a priority. In those already diagnosed with diabetes, although good glycemic control is important, control of cardiovascular disease risk factors will result in larger reductions in morbidity and mortality.
Clinical manifestations and outcomes of symptomatic infants born to diabetic mothers; Background: The purpose of this study is to present the clinical manifestations and outcomes of infants born to mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods: From 1996 to 2003, we collected infants born to IDDM or GDM mothers who required admission to our neonatal intensive care unit. Their clinical manifestations and outcomes were described and analyzed. Results: The prevalence of infants born to diabetic mothers (IDM) was 1.3% of all live births, and the frequency of symptomatic IDMs was 0.4% (84 cases) of all live births. The male to female ratio of these symptomatic IDMs was about 2/1. The mean birth weight was 3506 ± 844 g compared to 3134 ± 530 g in the control group. Fifty-six percent of these IDMs were large for gestational age, 40.5% were appropriate for gestational age, and only 3.5% were small for gestational age. The frequency of macrosomia was 28.6% compared to 3.2% in the control group. Hypoglycemia (glucose level < 40 mg/dl) was documented in 46.4% (39/184) of the infants. Other neonatal morbidities were hyperbilirubinemia (52 cases), hyponatremia (2), hyperkalemia (15), hypocalcemia (17), polycythemia (1), gastrointestinal (GI) problems (14), respiratory distress (48), cardiac abnormalities (33), and brachial plexus injury (2). There was one neonatal death. Three infants with profound and persistent hypoglycemia had seizures during hospitalization. They all had mixed developmental delays and abnormal EEGs on follow-up. Conclusions: Infants born to diabetic mothers are at risk of macrosomia, hypoglycemia and other neonatal morbidities. Profound and persistent neonatal hypoglycemia in IDMs is associated with long-term neurological dysfunction.
Cardiovascular disease: Screening and management of the a-symptomatic high-risk post-menopausal woman; Menopause-related oestrogen deficiency increases the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD). The presence of abdominal obesity, dyslipidemia, hypertension, fasting hyperglycaemia or impaired glucose tolerance further aggravates the CVD risk imposed by menopause. A detailed personal history should be recorded, covering PCOS, gestational diabetes mellitus, alcohol intake and smoking, as well as a family history of cardiovascular disease. Screening of the a-symptomatic post-menopausal woman should include fasting lipid profile, plasma glucose and liver, renal and thyroid function tests. Serum low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-c) > 130 mg/dL is associated with an increased risk of CVD. Levels of triglycerides (TG) ≥ 150 mg/dL and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-c) ≤ 50 mg/dL coupled with an increase in small dense LDL and very low-density lipoprotein (VLDL) particles constitute the atherogenic dyslipidemia, which characterizes the metabolic syndrome. In women with previous VTE episodes, screening for thrombophilia is advisable, as well as an estimation of baseline homocysteine and C-reactive protein (CRP). Non-pharmacological intervention should be targeted towards smoking cessation, a low-salt, low-fat, high-fibre diet and increased physical activity. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Recurrent antepartum compression of a single artery double nuchal cord necessitating emergency cesarean delivery; Fetuses with a single umbilical artery are considered at increased risk for chromosomal and structural abnormalities, and increased adverse perinatal outcome. A young nulliparous patient was followed with weekly nonstress testing due to well-controlled gestational diabetes, a single umbilical artery, and a double nuchal cord. At 31 weeks gestation, following the occurrence of a severe prolonged variable deceleration of the fetal heart rate the patient was hospitalized for close fetal surveillance with consideration that the deceleration may represent recurring intermittent compression of the single umbilical artery. Continuous fetal monitoring depicted recurrent severe variable decelerations of the fetal heart rate. Thirty-six hours after admission, prolonged fetal bradycardia to 60 bpm necessitated emergency cesarean delivery of a nonhypoxic nonacidotic fetus, which subsequently did well. This case suggests that fetuses with a single umbilical artery nuchal cord(s) may be at increased risk of significant umbilical cord compression. Copyright © 2005 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Adiponectin as an adipose tissue hormone and its role in the metabolic syndrome and cardiovascular disease; Adiponectin, is a novel hormone secreted by the adipose tissue. This active protein plays a role in the regulation of whole body energy homeostasis. It enhances insulin sensitivity and has antiatherogenic properties, reduces hepatic glucose production, and diminishes gluconeogenesis. Adiponectin accelerates the oxidation process of fatty acids in muscle cells, reduces triglycerides plasma concentration. In addition, plasma adiponectin levels negatively correlated with BMI and fat content. Numerous analyses have indicated that hypoadiponectinemia is a consequence of the development of obesity in childhood. The adiponectin secretion in newborn children is higher than in older, an child small for gestational age has lower plasma concentration of this protein. Clinical studies suggest that adiponectin deficiency associates with gestational diabetes in women. However, serum adiponectin levels in type 1 diabetes have not been elucidated, probably factors other than glucose and insulin play a significant role in adiponectin secretion in type 1 diabetes.
Abnormal uterine Doppler is related to vasculopathy in pregestational diabetes mellitus; Background - The aim of the study was to evaluate the relation between maternal placental Doppler velocimetry, levels of the maternal glucose, and clinical signs of vasculopathy in pregnancy complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus. Methods and Results - A retrospective study of 155 pregestational diabetic women between the 22nd and 40th weeks of pregnancy, categorized in White classification as B, 49; C, 40; D, 22; R, 20; F, 5; and RIF, 19. Cases in classes R, F, and R/F were defined as having vasculopathy. Doppler velocimetry of umbilical and uterine arteries was evaluated for vascular impedance, both in terms of pulsatility index (PI) for both arteries and a notch in early diastole in the uterine arteries. The last examination before delivery was used for analysis. Increased umbilical artery PI was seen in 19 and a uterine artery abnormality in 45 cases. There was a correlation between levels of HbA1c and increased vascular impedance in the uterine and umbilical arteries. Signs of increased uterine artery vascular impedances were significantly related to pregestational vasculopathy. In cases of small-for-gestational-age newborn infants, PI was significantly increased in uterine and umbilical arteries. Furthermore, PI in macrosomic fetuses was significantly lower than in normal infants. Abnormal uterine artery Doppler was also strongly related to adverse outcome. Conclusions - Abnormal uterine artery Doppler is related to pregestational vasculopathy and adverse outcome of pregnancy. The results suggest that the uterine arteries are affected in women with clinical signs of pregestational vasculopathy. This may influence placental perfusion and fetal well-being. © 2005 American Heart Association, Inc.
Mechanisms of endothelial dysfunction in obesity; Obesity is a chronic disease, whose incidence is alarmingly growing, affecting not only adults but also children and adolescents. It is associated with severe metabolic abnormalities and increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. Adipose tissue secretes a great number of hormones and cytokines that not only regulate substrate metabolism but may deeply and negatively influence endothelial physiology, a condition which may lead to the formation of the atherosclerotic plaque. In this review, the physiology of the endothelium is summarised and the mechanisms by which obesity, through the secretory products of adipose tissue, influences endothelial function are explained. A short description of methodological approaches to diagnose endothelial dysfunction is presented. The possible pathogenetic links between obesity and cardiovascular disease, mediated by oxidative stress, inflammation and endothelial dysfunction are described as well. © 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Obesity; Excess bodyweight is the sixth most important risk factor contributing to the overall burden of disease worldwide. 1.1 billion adults and 10% of children are now classified as overweight or obese. Average life expectancy is already diminished; the main adverse consequences are cardiovascular disease, type 2 diabetes, and several cancers. The complex pathological processes reflect environmental and genetic interactions, and individuals from disadvantaged communities seem to have greater risks than more affluent individuals partly because of fetal and postnatal imprinting. Obesity, with its array of comorbidities, necessitates careful clinical assessment to identify underlying factors and to allow coherent management. The epidemic reflects progressive secular and age-related decreases in physical activity, together with substantial dietary changes with passive over-consumption of energy despite the neurobiological processes controlling food intake. Effective long-term weight loss depends on permanent changes in dietary quality, energy intake, and activity. Neither the medical management nor the societal preventive challenges are currently being met.
Long term cardiovascular risk in women; Cardiovascular disease (CVD) is a leading cause of death in women and is responsible for more deaths among women than men. Although traditional risk factors are similar between the two sexes, some factors are specific to women. There are also gender differences in CVD presentation, clinical characteristics and outcome. The poor outcome in women may be due to lack of understanding of CVD epidemiology, and gender-related differences in pathophysiology, presentation and efficacy of therapeutic interventions. Although female reproductive events including pregnancy complications such as pre-eclampsia and gestational diabetes may indicate cardiovascular risk, few women have access to long-term follow up and advice about life style modification to reduce these risks. Furthermore, current cardiovascular risk stratification strategies do not include pregnancy-related risk factors such as pre-eclampsia. Primary prevention to reduce the burden of CVD in women would depend on more robust risk stratification methods that incorporate reproductive history, particularly pregnancy-related complications. This review addresses gender-specific cardiovascular risk factors that may be present during intrauterine development, adolescence, reproductive years and the menopause. It also highlights the effects of pregnancy complications on long-term female cardiovascular risk. © 2005 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Use of insulin sensitizers in polycystic ovarian syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome is a common disorder associated with a significant long-term risk of developing type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. Insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia play an important role in its pathophysiology and therefore insulin sensitizers have been proposed as a possible treatment option for this condition. In this review, pertinent literature is described that supports the use of insulin sensitizers for the management of short-term (fertility and hyperandrogenism) as well as long-term (type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and endometrial cancer) clinical issues of the syndrome. There is sufficient evidence in the literature to support the initial use of insulin sensitizers for fertility and the chronic treatment of hyperandrogenism. Furthermore, insulin sensitizers may prevent type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular diseases, whereas some evidence suggests that oral contraceptives could increase these risks. Therefore, although oral contraceptives may provide a more reliable control of menstrual disorders, insulin sensitizers should be considered as a preferential treatment option in women with polycystic ovarian syndrome at an increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes or cardiovascular disease, especially if they do not need contraception. © The Thomson Corporation.
Neonatal morbidity and mortality according to intrauterine growth pattern; Objective: To evaluate the influence of intrauterine growth on neonatal morbidity and mortality in live neonates born in a regional tertiary care center. Patients and methods: A retrospective cohort study was performed. Data from 12,311 live neonates (LN) born in our hospital (from January 1999 to December 2003) were reviewed to analyze neonatal morbidity and mortality according to whether the LN were appropriate (AGA), small (SGA) or large (LGA) for gestational age. The variables collected from birth to hospital discharge were: gestational abnormalities, gender, delivery type, Apgar score, respiratory distress, presentation of obstetric trauma (including cephalohematomas), hypoglycemia, hypocalcemia, hyperbilirubinemia, congenital malformations, heart disease, and type of hospital discharge. Differences were examined among groups. We used the chi-squared test to compare the frequency of these variables in each group. Results: Data from 12,311 LN were entered into the database; 11,182 (90.8%) were AGA, 743 (6.1%) were LGA and 386 (3.1%) were SGA. There were 52.58% boys and 47.42% girls, and 5.5% of LN had macrosomia (birth weight > 4,000 g). A total of 0.39% of LN died before hospital discharge. Among LN, there were 1,215 preterm infants, representing 9.89% of all LN and 2.63% died (SGA 25% and AGA 75%). There was a prevalence of boys in the LGA group and of girls in the SGA group (p = 0.000). The presence of maternal diabetes (pregestational or gestational) was significantly higher (p = 0.000) in the LGA group. Maternal hypertension, smoking and drug addiction were significantly higher in the SGA group. The finding of obstetric trauma was significantly higher in the LGA group (p = 0.000). The proportion of congenital malformations, hypocalcemia and hypoglycemia was higher in the SGA group than in the AGA and LGA groups (p = 0.000). Neonatal mortality was significantly higher (p = 0.000) in the SGA group and preterm infants. Conclusions: Neonates with deviations in the pattern of intra-uterine growth had worse outcome. Prognosis was worse in SGA neonates, followed by LGA neonates, than in AGA neonates.
Fetal cardiac defects in pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus; Diabetic pregnancy cause a lot of complications where fetal malformation is one of the most serious. Cardiac defects are besides the neural tube ones the most often in this group of pathology. Lack of pregnancy planning and thanks to it hyperglycemia during conceptive period and early embryogenesis increases the risk of fetal defect. We describe some typical cardiac malformation and functional disturbances connected with fetal heart. In our research we show the basic scheme of obstetrical fetal echocardiography and some common diagnostic problems we meet during our examinations. In conclusion references were reviewed which described the new approach for clinical assessment of the fetal heart like 3D and STIC; and the early diagnostic fetal echocardiography turn of the 1st and 2nd trimester.
Severe maternal morbidity in Canada, 1991-2001; Background: Although death rates are often used to monitor the quality of health care, in industrialized countries maternal deaths have become rare. Severe maternal morbidity has therefore been proposed as a supplementary indicator for surveillance of the quality of maternity care. Our purpose in this study was to describe severe maternal morbidity in Canada over a 10-year period, among women with or without major pre-existing conditions. Methods: We carried out a retrospective cohort study of severe maternal morbidity involving 2 548 824 women who gave birth in Canadian hospitals between 1991 and 2000. Thirteen conditions that may threaten the life of the mother (e.g., eclampsia) and 11 major pre-existing chronic conditions (e.g., diabetes) that could be identified from diagnostic codes were noted. Results: The overall rate of severe maternal morbidity was 4.38 per 1000 deliveries. The fatality rate among these women was 158 times that of the entire sample. Rates of venous thromboembolism, uterine rupture, adult respiratory distress syndrome, pulmonary edema, myocardial infarction, severe postpartum hemorrhage requiring hysterectomy, and assisted ventilation increased substantially from 1991 to 2000. The presence of major pre-existing conditions increased the risk of severe maternal morbidity to 6-fold. Interpretation: Severe maternal morbidity occurs in about 1 of 250 deliveries in Canada, with marked recent increases in certain morbid conditions such as pulmonary edema, myocardial infarction, hemorrhage requiring hysterectomy, and the use of assisted ventilation. © 2005 CMA Media Inc. or its licensors.
Endocrine and metabolic consequences of intrauterine growth retardation; The remarkable observations made by Barker et al and Hales et al [6-9] and others linking size at birth and early postnatal growth to risks of adult disease have moved on from being questions for the intellectually curious to being fundamental to current public health concerns about increasing rates of obesity and T2DM in children. Recent reports have highlighted the increasing prevalence of type 2 diabetes in childhood [137], and this mirrors the increasing rate of postnatal weight gain and childhood obesity [25]. The risk of diabetes associated with obesity is particularly evident in ethnic populations, in which there has been a dramatic improvement in nutrition, as evident in immigrant groups [138], and in countries where there has been a move from rural to urban environments [139]. These trends may reflect changes in nutritional status of mothers "programmed" by fetal and early postnatal under nutrition. Studies in South Asian populations and, most recently, in East Germany where there have been dramatic recent improvements in health and nutrition show that the first effect of increased maternal nutrition is greater maternal pregnancy weight gain [140]. Maternal weight gain is itself associated with increased risk for gestational diabetes, and this constitutes a risk for T2DM in the offspring [19]. It is likely that these same populations also may have a high prevalence of "thrifty genes," which have resulted in improved survival during periods of poor nutrition, but the same metabolic and endocrine adaptations may prove detrimental and increase risk of adult disease when nutrition improves and obesity becomes more prevalent. The study of the mechanisms and genetic factors involved in the association between small size at birth and adult disease may provide us with the method for identifying those at highest risk and introducing targeted early interventions. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Approximate entropy of fetal heart rate variability as a predictor of fetal distress in women at term pregnancy; Background. The aim of this study is to investigate the relationship between approximate entropy (ApEn) of fetal heart rate (FHR) with umbilical blood gas parameters and the power spectrum of FHR variability in Chinese and to test whether ApEn of FHR variability could be used as a predictor of fetal distress in women at term pregnancy. Methods. Sixty-seven pregnant women with singleton, term fetus were recruited for the recording of FHR variability and the data were used for the estimate of ApEn. Blood gases after birth were measured through umbilical artery. Results. In all 67 neonates, there was some amount of interinfant variability in the ApEn values with a mean of 1.139 ± 0.169. The ApEn values were significantly (P < 0.05) correlated with pO2, SO2, pCO2, pH, HCO2, or base excess (BE). The 15 fetuses with low ApEn (ApEn <1.0) had higher risk of metabolic acidosis (BE less than -12mmol/l) than those with high ApEn (ApEn ≥1) (likelihood ratio = 12.301, P < 0.001). The powers of FHR variability in all frequency ranges (0-0.256 Hz) were lower in the low-ApEn group than those in the high-ApEn group. Conclusions. The ApEn of FHR variability significantly decreased during fetal asphyxia, including hypoxia, hypercapnia, and both respiratory and metabolic acidosis; low ApEn was linked to decreased power spectrum density in all frequency domains. The ApEn values may be used as a predictor of fetal distress in women at term pregnancy. © Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 2005.
Long-term effect of maternal obesity on pancreatic beta cells of offspring: Reduced beta cell adaptation to high glucose and high-fat diet challenges in adult female mouse offspring; Aim/hypothesis: Obesity is a global problem with high risks of cardiovascular diseases, stroke and type 2 diabetes. It is well known that maternal obesity affects offspring by inducing malformation, functional abnormalities in many organs and cells, and by increased risk of obesity and type 2 diabetes. However, little is known about abnormalities induced by maternal obesity in pancreatic beta cells of offspring. Methods: We used mouse mothers with the Agouti yellow modification on a C57BL/6 background as a maternal model of normoglycaemic obesity, and produced Agouti-negative offspring. Half of the offspring were fed a high-fat diet. Offspring glucose tolerance was tested at different ages, and animals were killed at 50 weeks of age for islet function analysis. Results: Maternal obesity impaired glucose tolerance in female offspring fed a high-fat diet, and significantly reduced insulin secretion at 50 weeks of age in female offspring that had been fed a normal diet and high-fat diet. Insulin secretion and glucose potentiation from these islets were significantly reduced. Islet protein, DNA and insulin contents were increased while glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase and transketolase activities were reduced in female offspring. Conclusions/interpretation: Our results indicate that maternal obesity has a long-term effect on the beta cells of female, but not of male, offspring, and leads to increased risk of gestational diabetes and type 2 diabetes in the offspring's later lives. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Contraception for women with diabetes mellitus; Planned pregnancy is mandatory in women with diabetes, and their need for contraception is essential. Basically, the same methods can be used as in women without diabetes, but a number of specific conditions have to be considered when guiding these women, as we discuss in this review. Unfortunately, the field is limited in studies in certain areas, especially considering contraception for women with type 1 diabetes and late diabetic complications and women with type 2 diabetes. Thus, in the real clinical world, the choice of contraceptive often will be a kind of compromise, balancing pro and cons for the different available methods. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Metabolic syndrome in women of childbearing age and pregnancy: Recognition and management of dyslipidemia; The obesity pandemic engenders the global threat of metabolic syndrome and its related disorders, including diabetes and coronary artery disease (CAD). The purpose of this review is to discuss the deleterious effects of metabolic syndrome on women of childbearing age, including pregnancy, with a discussion of lipid management. Treatment options will also be presented. © Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
The prevention of type 2 diabetes: what is the evidence?; The prevalence of diabetes is increasing in epidemic proportion worldwide. Because of the morbidity and mortality associated with the disease, it is becoming a major burden for the health care system. With a better understanding of the pathogenesis of type 2 diabetes, the concept of primary prevention has emerged. A number of studies demonstrated that both lifestyle modification program and pharmacological interventions in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) can prevent or delay the progression to diabetes. The Diabetes Prevention Study (DPS) and the Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) convincingly showed that an intensive lifestyle modification program is highly effective in decreasing the risk of diabetes in a high risk population (risk reduction of 58%). Four other smaller studies have made similar observations. The DPP study showed that metformin can reduced the risk of diabetes by 31% in subjects with IGT. The STOP-NIDDM trial confirmed the efficacy of acarbose in decreasing the risk of diabetes by 36% in similar high risk population. The TRIPOD study showed that troglitazone can reduce the incidence of diabetes by 55% in Hispanic women with a history of gestational diabetes. And more recently, the XENDOS study showed that in very obese population on intensive lifestyle modification program, xenical treatment was associated with a 37% reduced incidence of diabetes compared to placebo. Three studies suggested that bariatric surgery in morbidly obese subjects with or without IGT can reduce the incidence of diabetes to near zero. Eight of 10 studies showed that treatment with inhibitors of the renin-angiotensin aldosterone system in high risk population for cardiovascular disease (CVD) were associated with a significant reduction in the subsequent development of diabetes as a secondary outcome. The WOSCOPS study and the HERS study examined the effect of pravastatin and estrogen/progestin respectively on cardiovascular events and observed that these pharmacological interventions were associated with a 30% and 35% reduction in the incidence of diabetes as secondary outcome. There are 3 major trials currently in progress examining the effect of rosiglitazone/ramipril (the DREAM study), nateglinide/valsartan (the NAVIGATOR study) and pioglitazone (the ACT NOW study) on the development of diabetes in IGT subjects as a primary outcome. We also have 3 studies studying the prevention of diabetes as secondary outcomes: the ONTARGET-TRANSCEND study examining telmisartan with or without ramipril, and the ORIGIN study testing glargine insulin/omega 3. The evidence is overwelming-diabetes can be prevented or delayed in high risk population through lifestyle modification or pharmacological interventions. This new information now has to be translated in the real world into well defined strategies for screening and treating high risk population. Prevention of the disease is our only chance to alleviate the ever growing burden of diabetes mellitus in the world.
An alternative hypothesis to the obesity epidemic: Obesity is due to increased maternal body size, birth size, growth rate, and height; A new hypothesis for dealing with the obesity epidemic is based on changing several factors normally considered desirable by the medical community. These factors include reductions in pre-pregnancy maternal weight, modest reduction of infant birthweight, slower childhood and adolescent growth and reduced caloric intake from infancy through adulthood. The underlining roots for the obesity epidemic involve raised levels of insulin, insulin-like growth factor-1 and cell proliferation which are subject to human control. The implication of this hypothesis is that current measures are inadequate unless a much more comprehensive response is implemented to deal with the obesity epidemic. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Echocardiographic measurements in infants of diabetic mothers and macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers; Aim: To compare echocardiographic findings of infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs), macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and healthy full term appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants. Methods: Included in this study were 83 infants, admitted to our Neonatology Unit. Thirty-three IDMs, including both macrosomic and nonmacrosomic, comprised Group A, 25 macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers comprised group B, and 25 healthy full term AGA infants comprised group C. Echocardiographic measurements were performed in the first three days after birth and compared by using one-way ANOVA, Post Hoc Tukey HSD and Student's t tests. Results: The left ventricular end-systolic/left ventricular end-diastolic diameter ratio of group A was significantly smaller than that of group C (P<0.05). The interventricular septum/posterior wall thickness ratios of groups A and B were greater than those of group C (P<0.05). The left ventricular mass index of group A was greater than those of groups B and C (P<0.05). The shortening fraction and ejection fraction of group A were increased in comparison to group C (P<0.05). When comparing the values of echocardiographic measurements of macrosomic IDMs (n=9) with nonmacrosomic ones (n=24), and infants of pregestational diabetic mothers (n=11) with those of gestational diabetes mothers (n=22), no statistical difference was found. Conclusion: The present study suggests that underlying mechanisms common to both macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers and IDMs lead to less cardiac alterations in the macrosomic infants of nondiabetic mothers than in IDMs. Copyright © by Walter de Gruyter.
The frequency of mild and severe fetal malformations in diabetic women with high values of glycosilated hemoglobin in early pregnancy; PURPOSE: To evaluate the correlation between maternal hyperglycemia in early pregnancy and the risk of fetal abnormalities in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective study over 124 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus type 1 hospitalized in High Risk Pregnancy Department--SHATOG "Maichin dom" has been done from January. 1998 to January 2004. The diabetic pregnant women were divided in two groups: first group pregnant women without malformations n = 105 and second group pregnant women with malformations n = 19. The pregnant women with fetal malformations were divided into two subgroups: with major malformations n = 13 and with minor malformations n = 6. The diabetic pregnant women were divided in classes according to Whites Classification: Class B - 38, Class C - 35; Class D - 39 and Class R/F - 12. The values of preprandial glucose, postprandial glucose and glycosilated hemoglobin has been measured at 13 week of gestation. RESULTS: 104 pregnancies of total 124 pregnancies were without abnormalities. The fetal malformations were observed in 19 (15.3%) of total 124 pregnancies. The rate of major abnormalities were - 13 (10.4%) and minor abnormalities were - 7 (5.6%). The highest rate of abnormalities there has been within the complicated diabetic women of class D - n = 7 (17.9 %) and class R/F n = 3 (25%). The initial values of preprandial glucose 9.54 (SD +/- 3.59) mmol/l and postprandiai glucose 10.52 (SD +/- 1.81) mmol/l between the women whit pregnancies with abnormalities were significantly higher then those values of preprandial glucose 7.39 (SD +/- 2.82) mmol/l (P - 0.021) and values of postprandial glucose 10.52 (SD +/- 1.81) mmol/l (P = 0.014) between the women without fetal malformations. The mean values of glycosilated hemoglobin were significantly higher HbA 1 c = 9. 01% (SD +/- 1.53) in pregnancies complicated with malformations than those values measured in pregnancies without fetal malformations 8.06% (SD +/- 1.64, P = 0.022). A positive correlation between the observed abnormalities and metabolic control in the early pregnancy exist. The values of Hbeta A1-c is significantly higher Hbeta A1-c - 9.9% (SD +/- 1.2) in pregnancies complicated with fetal malformations than those measured in pregnancies without malformations. Hbeta A1-c 8.2% (SD +/- 1.5) n = 125. Significant differences in the value of Hbeta A1-c between pregnancies with mild and those with severe abnormalities have not been established. A correlation between the levels of Hbeta A1-c in early pregnancy and the rate of the observed abnormalities exist. Within the values of Hbeta A1-c < 7.9%, the rate of malformations is 6.9%, Hbeta A1-c > 8.0% < 10%, the rate of malformations is 19.0% and within the values of Hbeta A1-c > 10%, the rate of the observed abnormalities is 31.5%. A logistic regression between the higher values of postprandial glucose and Hbeta A1-c values and the relative risk of congenital malformations has been observed. The relative risk is evaluated by odds ratio (OR) When the levels of Hbeta A1-c rise with 1% the relative risk of congenital malformations is evaluated by odds ratio OR = 2.02 (limited in 1.46 - 2.81 by 95% conf. interval) and when the levels of postprandial glucose rise with 1 mmol/l the relative risk OR = 1.21 (limited in 1.06 - 1.37: 95% conf. interval). CONCLUSION: Fetal abnormalities are more frequent in pregnant women with long lasting diabetes complicated with vasculopathy. Fetal abnormalities are associated with higher levels of Hbeta A1-c in the first trimester of pregnancy. In diabetic women who planed their pregnancy an optimal metabolic control must been established.
Umbilical artery resistance index in diabetic pregnancies: The associations with fetal outcome and neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy; Aim: To determine the incidence of an abnormal umbilical artery resistance index (UARI) in diabetic pregnancies and the relation to fetal outcome and the development of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Methods: A case-control study with subjects comprising 50 randomly selected diabetic mothers and a matched control group of 50 non-diabetic pregnancies. Doppler studies of the UARI were carried out at least once per week, beginning from 36 weeks' gestation for both groups. Within 48 h post delivery, echocardiograms were carried out on the newborn infants to identify those with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, particularly asymmetrical septal hypertrophy. Results: The numbers of patients with abnormal UARI were similar in both the diabetic and control groups. A higher proportion of operative deliveries for intrapartum fetal distress was seen in patients with an abnormal UARI in the diabetic group. However, the groups did not differ in the numbers of infants who were small for gestational age, who had low Apgar scores or umbilical artery acidosis, and who required admission to the special care nursery. Six infants of diabetic mothers (12%) had septal hypertrophy, but none of these were associated with abnormal antenatal UARI. Conclusion: Diabetic pregnancy is not associated with a significantly higher incidence of abnormal UARI on Doppler study than non-diabetic pregnancy. UARI is not a useful single indicator by which to predict subsequent fetal outcome or the development of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic pregnancies.
Prevention of T2DM in women with a previous history of GDM; Women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a high risk of progression to type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). Risk factors are similar for GDM and T2DM and include, among others, obesity, family history, and ethnic background. GDM is also associated with the metabolic syndrome. Women with impaired glucose tolerance or "prediabetes" postpartum have the highest risk of progression. In women with impaired glucose tolerance, lifestyle modification or pharmacologic therapy may prevent or delay the onset of T2DM. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Racial disparities in the association of foetal growth retardation to childhood blood pressure; Background. Foetal growth retardation (FGR), defined as less than the 10th percentile of birth weight for gestational age, is reported to be an important contributor to hypertension and cardiovascular disease in children and adults, but findings are not consistent. For this reason we re-examined the role of FGR in childhood blood pressure. Methods. We performed univariate and multivariate analyses on data gathered from 262 children, age 5 years, born to mothers at risk for pre-term delivery or FGR infant. The characteristics of the mothers and the children were evaluated using Students t-test. Rates and proportions were compared using either χ-square or Fisher's exact test. Linear regression models evaluated the effect of birth weight and body mass index on systolic and diastolic blood pressure. Multivariate linear regression was used to model the effects of FGR, gestational age, body mass index, race, gender, maternal smoking, maternal gestational diabetes on blood pressure while adjusting for possible confounders. Results. Systolic blood pressure was inversely associated with birth weight in white children while a small direct association was noted in African Americans. Body mass index was positively associated with systolic blood pressure in both groups. Multiple linear regression analyses showed FGR and early gestational age were associated with higher blood pressure in white but not African American children, accounting for a 13.2 mmHg difference between FGR and appropriate for gestational age groups. Blood pressure in African Americans was strongly affected by maternal gestational diabetes and smoking. Conclusions. Birth weight influences childhood blood pressure but the effects may vary depending on ethnic group. The relative importance of birth weight on blood pressure may depend on other prenatal and post-partum risks. © The Author [20050]. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of ERA-EDTA. All rights reserved.
The reporting of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy on birth certificates and in hospital discharge data; Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine the accuracy of live-birth certificates and hospital discharge data that reported of pre-existing maternal medical conditions and complications of pregnancy. Study design: We conducted a population-based validation study in 19 non-federal short-stay hospitals in Washington state with a stratified random sample of 4541 women who had live births between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2000. True- and false-positive fractions were calculated. Results: Birth certificate and hospital discharge data combined had substantially higher true-positive fractions than did birth certificate data alone for cardiac disease (54% vs 29%), acute or chronic lung disease (24% vs 10%), gestational diabetes mellitus (93% vs 64%), established diabetes mellitus (97% vs 52%), active genital herpes (77% vs 38%), chronic hypertension (70% vs 47%), pregnancy-induced hypertension (74% vs 49%), renal disease (13% vs 2%), and placenta previa (70% vs 33%). For the 2 medical risk factors that are available only on birth certificates, true-positive fractions were 37% for established genital herpes and 68% for being seropositive for hepatitis B surface antigen. Conclusion: In Washington, most medical conditions and complications of pregnancy that affect mothers are substantially underreported on birth certificates, but hospital discharge data are accurate in the reporting of gestational and established diabetes mellitus and placenta previa. Together, birth certificate and hospital discharge data are much superior to birth certificates alone in the reporting of gestational diabetes mellitus, active genital herpes, and chronic hypertension. © 2005 Mosby, Inc. All rights reserved.
Subclinical inflammation and vascular dysfunction in women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus; Context: A history of gestational diabetes (GDM) significantly increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes, an independent risk factor for cardiovascular disease (CVD). It is not known whether nondiabetic women with prior GDM are also at increased risk of CVD. Objective: The aim of this study was to compare biochemical and hemodynamic surrogate markers of CVD in nondiabetic women with and without a history of GDM who were at least 1 yr post delivery. Design: This was a single center cross-sectional study. Setting: The study was performed in an academic referral center. Subjects: Forty-eight premenopausal healthy women with a history of GDM (n = 25) or a history of normal pregnancy (n = 23) were studied in the follicular phase of the menstrual cycle. Main Outcome Measures: The main outcome measures were: 1) inflammatory markers associated with CVD including C-reactive protein, IL-6, and plasminogen activator inhibitor-1; 2) the adipokine adiponectin; and 3) conduit vessel stiffness. Results: When compared to normal controls, women with prior GDM had higher mean levels of C-reactive protein (3.58 ± 3.86 vs. 0.52 ± 0.16 mg/liter; P < 0.001), IL-6 (1.81 ± 1.04 vs. 0.99 ± 0.52 pg/ml; P = 0.001), plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (29.6 ± 17.6 vs. 16.5 ± 14.0 ng/ml; P=0.001), and lower levels of adiponectin (8.9 ± 3.9 vs. 15.9 ± 7.3 μg/ml; P = 0.001). Women with prior GDM also had significantly (P ≤ 0.04) increased peripheral vascular resistance (1658 ± 290 vs. 1462 ± 340 dyne·sec/cm5), decreased stroke volume (65 ± 13 vs. 75 ± 14 ml/beat), and decreased cardiac output (70 ± 12 vs. 74 ± 13 ml/sec) when compared to controls, after adjusting for body mass index. Conclusions: Nondiabetic women with prior GDM have evidence of subclinical inflammation, hypoadiponectinemia, and early vascular dysfunction; this population may be at increased risk of developing CVD. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Secundum atrial septal defect in newborns of diabetic mothers; AIM: To evaluate in own material the incidence of secundum atrial septal defect type fossa ovalis (ASD II) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation in infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) during the first 48 hours of life, and subsequent echocardiography follow-up of babies with ASD II during the first year of life. MATERIAL AND METHODS: In the period from September 2002 to March 2003 a total of 502 neonates were born and 62 number them were from diabetic mothers. Echocardiography scanning was performed in a group of 49 neonates (42 IDM and 7 full-term infants of healthy mothers) with signs of cardio-respiratory maladaptation during the first 48 hours of life. Six neonates were born from pregestational diabetes mothers and 36 from gestational diabetes mothers (G1-17, G2-19), Birth weight of the newborns were in the range from 1370 to 4450 g, and gestational age was in the range between 30 to 41, mean 38.6 weeks. Apgar score was > 7 in 91.8% of neonates. In the whole study besides laboratory tests in direction of early onset infection, brain ultrasound and echocardiography scanning were performed. M-mode, 2-D presentation and Doppler blood flow velocity were done 4 times during the first year of life (in 2nd, 4th and 12th month). RESULTS: ASD II with 2 to 9 mm diameter was diagnosed in 20 (40.8%) of the examined neonates. Among them 16 were IDM and 4 from healthy mothers. There was no statistically significant difference in the frequency of ASD II recognition in accordance with type of maternal diabetes. During subsequent echocardiography scanning, spontaneous closure of ASD II was found in 11 (55.0%) babies at the age of 12 months. In the remaining 9 (45.0%) infants a decrease in ASD II was notices in 6 (30.0%) cases and the same diameter of arterial defect was left in 3 (15.0%). CONCLUSION: In 38.1% of neonates born to diabetic mothers, cardio-respiratory disturbances during the first 48 hours of life were accompanied by secundum atrial septal defect. During 12 months follow-up with echocardiography evaluation, decrease in diameter or spontaneous closure o ASD II occurred in most of our patients.
Atypical course of type A thoracic aortal dissection in a pregnant woman; Aortal dissection is an emergency and life endangering incident. It is a longitudinal discission of the arterial wall where blood is coming and creates a haematoma and as a result of that the arteria arches outwards. There is created a double lumen - a proper one and a false one. It is established mostly on the basis of congenital inferiority of the media. In the period of gravidity the disease is mostly manifested in the 3rd trimester and in early puerperium. In our case it was a 34 years old ill woman who was in her 22nd week of gravidity. During her first gravidity there was found hypertension, gestational diabetes and preeclampsia. Due to hypertension she was cured with metropol. At present she has been admitted because of a very intensive pain on the chest and breathing problems. According to TTE there was found a strong aortal regurgitation and a small pericardial exudate. With a suspect dissecting aneurysm of the thoracic aorta she was sent to the coronary unit of the internal clinic. Within a 5-day stay here the aortal dissection (TTE, TEE, spiral CT) was not proved and in the end, the patient was removed to the gynecological obstetric clinic. Suddenly, the eighth day of her hospitalization a consciousness disorder with hypertension and bradycardia appeared. She was sent back to the coronary unit mentioned above. After some examinations there was revealed a clear acute dissection of the ascending aorta (TEE, angio CT) and was turned over to a cardiosurgical intervention. After the previous section she was given Bentall operation (substitution of aortal valve and ascending aorta). In the early postoperative period she was cured with a combined hypotension medication. On the 6th postoperative day on CT of the abdomen she was found with a tumor in her left kidney and was indicated left-sided nephrectomy. Lifelong anticoagulant therapy was indicated. On the 21st postoperative day she was sent back to the gynecological clinic and after a week she was discharged from hospital in good condition. When dismissed she was cured with metropol and warfarin. Our case report shows an atypical example of thoracic aorta dissection in the gravidity period with a postponed diagnosis and a successful cardiosurgical intervention.
Awareness status of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its influencing factors among residents in the community of cigarette factory; Aim: To investigate the awareness rate and the awareness of the knowledge of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the related influencing factors among the residents in the community of cigarette factory. Methods: An epidemiological survey about diabetes mellitus was applied to 1850 residents above 40 years old in the community of Zhengzhou Cigarette General Factory between June and July 2003, all the subjects took part in this survey voluntarily. They were surveyed by means of questionnaire with cluster sampling, totally 1 789 cases (738 males and 1 051 females) aged 40 to 88 years filled in the questionnaire with concrete contents. The surveyed contents included the awareness of type 2 diabetes mellitus and its complications (hypertension, coronary heart disease, oculopathy and nephritic syndrome), and knowledge related to diabetes mellitus, the subjects should answer "yes" or "no", and then the scores were added up (1 point for each question with right answer). The diagnostic criteria for type 2 diabetes mellitus set by WHO in 1999 was used, that was, fasting blood glucose ≥ 7.0 mmol/L, oral glucose tolerance test 2-hour blood glucose ≥11.1 mmol/L; Those with type 1 diabetes mellitus, other specific diabetes and gestational diabetes mellitus. The data were analyzed with χ2 test and χ2 test for trends. Results: A total of 1 789 concretely filled questionnaires were collected, the 61 deleted ones were all filled incompletely or different from the reality. 1 The awareness rate of diabetes mellitus among the residents in the community of cigarette factory was only 57.14%. 2 The awareness rate of type 2 diabetes mellitus was higher in the residents below 60 years old than in those above 60 years old (62.59%, 50.00%, χ2=3.87, P < 0.05), higher in males than in females (66.67%, 54.68%, χ2=3.87, P < 0.05), also higher in those with higher educational background and better economic status than in other crowds (χ2trend=5.14,4.16, P < 0.05), higher in medical staff than those involved in other professions (66.67%, 56.90%, χ2=4.00,P < 0.05). 3 The awareness of the knowledge related to type 2 diabetes mellitus was superior in the residents below 60 years old than in those above 60 years old (χ2=4.45, P < 0.05), higher in males than in females (χ2=6.31, P < 0.05), also higher in those with higher educational background and better economic status than in other crowds (χ2trend=58.91, 13.06, P < 0.01), higher in medical staff than those involved in other professions (χ2=22.11, P < 0.01). 4 The awareness of type 2 diabetic patients had significant differences in the time of the latest measurement of blood glucose (χ2trend=109.06, P < 0.01). The consciousness of blood glucose self-surveillance was better in males than in the females (χ2=14.19, P < 0.01), better in the residents below 60 years than in those above 60 years old (χ2=9.68, P < 0.05), also better in the residents with higher monthly income than in those with lower one (χ2trend=4.26, P < 0.05). Conclusion: The awareness rate of diabetes mellitus among residents in the community of cigarette factory is lower, Age, gender, occupation, educational background, income status and blood sugar self-surveillance are the main factors that affect the awareness of type 2 diabetes mellitus and the related knowledge. So the health education of the knowledge related to diabetes mellitus to the diabetic patients should be taken as the key point for the prevention and treatment of community medical service.
Diabetic nephropathy and gravidity; Diabetic nephropathy belongs to the most serious late diabetic complications. It very seriously affects course of pregnancy, perinatal mortality and morbidity, development of a child, and a long-term prognosis of mothers with diabetes. We concentrated on monitoring of the course of pregnancy and future prognosis of diabetic women with diabetic nephropathy. During a 10 years long period on an average 590 pregnant patients with impaired sugar metabolism were monitored in our department every year. 41 of them suffered from type 1 diabetes. Since 1993 6 patients have been monitored for a diabetic pregnancy of an F or FR classes according to White's classification (diabetic nephropathy, nephropathy and prolipherative retinopathy). An average length of type 1 diabetes was 12.8 years; an average age of patients was 28.5. On average patients delivered at the 35th week of pregnancy 3 were spontaneous deliveries (1 induced because of beginning gestosis), 2 caesareans (1 because of gestosis, 1 because of placental abruption). In one case pregnancy was interrupted at week 16 because of an innate developmental defect detected with ultrasound (acranius). This patient was 31 and has been suffering form type I diabetes for 17 years, her HbA1c at conception was 6.6%. 5 patients were treated with intensified insulin regimen of multiple insulin doses (4 of them were set prior to conception) and 1 patient was prior to conception treated with insulin pump. In one case a patient with sepsis had stents in both ureters until puerperium. 2 from these 6 patients experienced progression of proteinuria during pregnancy. An average weight of newborns was 2 990 g, no perinatal mortality occurred. After delivery no progression of nephropathy to renal failure occurred in any patient. Diabetic nephropathy presents a significant risk for pregnant women with type 1 diabetes to develop infections of urogenital system, gestosis and a risk of insufficiency of foetus-placenta unit with direct risk for foetus during various stages of pregnancy. Monitoring of a patient requires very complex approach and cooperation of all interested professionals.
Induction of labor with three different techniques at 41 weeks of gestation or spontaneous follow-up until 42 weeks in women with definitely unfavorable cervical scores; Objective: To compare the obstetric outcome of induction of labor at 41 weeks and of follow-up until 42 weeks and induction if the patient has still not given birth at 42 weeks. Study design: Six hundred women at 287 ± 1 days of gestation with definitely unfavorable cervical scores were randomized to labor induction (N = 300) or spontaneous follow-up (N = 300) with twice-weekly nonstress testing and amniotic fluid measurement and once-weekly biophysical scoring. The treatments used in the induction group were (1) vaginal administration of 50 μg misoprostol (n = 100), (2) oxytocin induction (n = 100), and (3) transcervical insertion of a Foley balloon (n = 100). The primary outcome measures were the cesarean delivery rate, whether or not the normal hospital stay had to be extended, and the neonatal outcomes. Secondary outcome measure included number of emergency cesarean deliveries performed for abnormalities of the fetal heart rate (FHR). Results: The abdominal delivery rate was 19.3% in the induction group and 22% in the follow-up group (p = 0.4). The mean length of hospital stay in the two main groups was 1.4 ± 0.8 days and 1.3 ± 1 days, respectively (p = 0.1). Significantly higher rates of macrosomia and shoulder dystocia were seen in the follow-up group (24.6 and 2.3%) than in the induction group (7.6%, p < 0.001; 0.3%, p = 0.03). Meconium-stained amniotic fluid and meconium aspiration syndrome were observed significantly less frequently in the induction group (9.3 and 1.3%) than in the follow-up group (20.3%, p < 0.001; 4%, p = 0.03). Rates of emergency abdominal delivery in response to worrying FHR traces, neonatal intensive care unit admission, and low umblical artery pH were similar in the two groups. There was one intrauterine fetal death in the follow-up group. Conclusion: Induction of labor at 41 weeks of gestation does not increase the cesarean delivery rate or cause a longer stay in hospital than follow-up until 42 weeks, and neonatal morbidity is also lower after induction. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Pre-gestational maternal body mass index predicts an increased risk of congenital malformations in infants of mothers with gestational diabetes; Aims: The aim of the present study was to identify characteristics in women diagnosed with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) that could be predictive of congenital malformations in their infants. Methods: Using data from the Spanish Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECEMC), a hospital-based case-control study and surveillance system, we assessed the relationship between a number of maternal variables, including pre-gestational body mass index (BMI), and specific congenital malformations in their infants. Results: The overall risk for a selected group of congenital malformations in an infant of an obese mother with GDM compared with an obese mother with normal glucose tolerance (NGT) was 2.78 (1.38-5.55, P < 0.001). Within the group of mothers with GDM, obesity (BMI > 30 kg/m2) was associated with a significantly increased risk of cardiovascular defects compared with non-obese women [OR = 2.82 (1.31-7.04), P < 0.01]. In mothers with NGT, pre-gestational BMI was not associated with congenital malformations. Conclusion: Pre-gestational obesity is a predictive variable for congenital malformations in infants of mothers with GDM. The greater their BMI, the higher the risk for congenital malformations in their offspring. Given the blastogenic origin of the congenital defects identified, and the relationship between obesity and Type 2 diabetes, it is probable that this increased risk is as a result of previously unidentified pre-gestational diabetes mellitus (PGD). It is important that overweight and obese women planning a pregnancy be evaluated for the presence of diabetes. © 2005 Diabetes UK.
Can type 2 diabetes mellitus be considered preventable?; The primary prevention of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) is of great importance. There is now substantial evidence that T2DM can be prevented or delayed by lifestyle modification. A statistically significant reduction of relative risk of newly diagnosed T2DM was observed in large clinical trials with metformin, acarbose or orlistat in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance as well as with troglitazone in women with previous gestational diabetes. A relative risk reduction of newly diagnosed diabetes was observed in prospective, double blind clinical studies evaluating the effect of different antihypertensive drugs (ACE-inhibitors, angiotensin repector blockers, calcium channel blockers) or that of lipid-lowering agents (pravastatin) on the cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in high risk patients. In studies with postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy a relative risk reduction of newly developed T2DM was also observed. Thus, T2DM should be considered as a preventable disease. Nevertheless, it is noteworthy that oral antidiabetic drugs with an indication of preventing T2DM are not registered in several countries at present, so that drug therapy should not be used as a routine for preventing diabetes. On the other hand, patients with pre-diabetes (impaired fasting glycaemia, impaired glucose tolerance) should be given counseling on weight loss as well as instruction for increasing physical activity in order to prevent T2DM. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Double bubble, double trouble; Duodenal atresia (DA) is not uncommon, either as an isolated anomaly or associated with trisomy 21, malrotation, or cardiac anomalies. It may be diagnosed on antenatal ultrasound by a "double-bubble" sign, which typically persists after birth on a plain abdominal radiograph. DA as a familial association is rare but has been reported with or without other associated anomalies. We report DA in two siblings of nonconsanguineous parents, one case occurring with an annular pancreas in association with gestational diabetes. These two cases suggest possible genetic and environmental components in the aetiology of this anomaly. © Springer-Verlag 2005.
Intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a determinant of hemoglobin A1c and systolic blood pressure in pima indian children; Context/Objective: Given the increasing rates of both childhood obesity and type 2 diabetes (T2DM), we investigated whether maternal diabetes status during pregnancy is a determinant of risk factors associated with T2DM or cardiovascular disease in offspring during childhood. Design/Participants: Forty-two Pima Indians, aged 7-11 yr, were identified retrospectively from maternal oral glucose tolerance tests as offspring of a diabetic pregnancy (22 ODM, eight males, 14 females) or offspring born before the mother developed diabetes (20 PRE, 12 males, eight females). Setting/Main Outcome Measures: Weight, height, body mass index, percent body fat, blood pressure, and fasting concentrations of glucose, insulin, hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), total cholesterol, triglycerides, and high-density lipoprotein-cholesterol were measured while staying in an in-patient clinical research unit and compared in crosssectional analyses. Results: After adjustment for age and gender,ODMhad significantly higher concentrations of HbA1c (ODM=5.7±0.4, PRE=5.0±0.4%, P = 0.002), higher systolic (SBP) blood pressure (ODM = 118 ± 13, PRE = 107 ± 10 mm Hg; P = 0.02), and lower concentrations of high-density lipoprotein (ODM = 41 ± 9, PRE = 48 ± 6 mg/dl, P = 0.03) than PRE. Maternal diabetes status during pregnancy persisted as a significant determinant of SBP (beta=7.50, P=0.03) and HbA1c (beta=0.43, P=0.002), independent of age, gender, and percent body fat. Conclusion: Intrauterine exposure to diabetes is a significant determinant of higher SBP and HbA1c during childhood, independent of adiposity and a genetic predisposition to T2DM. These data suggest that in utero exposure to diabetes confers an additional independent risk for the development of T2DM and/or cardiovascular disease later in life. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Diabetes in the Hispanic or Latino population: Genes, environment, culture, and more; The Hispanic or Latino population is the largest minority group in the United States, currently representing 13.7% of the total U.S. population. Hispanics or Latinos usually suffer from higher rates of type 2 diabetes, obesity, metabolic syndrome, and their multiple vascular complications. Inadequate nutrition and reduced physical activity in the setting of an increased genetic predisposition to type 2 diabetes have contributed to the inexorable rise in metabolic abnormalities in Hispanics in the United States, which now affect many children and adolescents. It is evident that multiple medical, cultural, and socioeconomic factors influence the development of diabetes, its course, and its consequences. Our health care system is barely prepared to face the challenge of managing diabetes in this high-risk group. Culturally oriented clinical care, education, outreach and research programs are needed to better identify the challenges to create opportunities to improve the lives of Hispanics or Latinos with diabetes or at risk for the disease. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Second-generation (atypical) antipsychotics and metabolic effects: A comprehensive literature review; Increasing numbers of reports concerning diabetes, ketoacidosis, hyperglycaemia and lipid dysregulation in patients treated with second-generation (or atypical) antipsychotics have raised concerns about a possible association between these metabolic effects and treatment with these medications. This comprehensive literature review considers the evidence for and against an association between glucose or lipid dysregulation and eight separate second-generation antipsychotics currently available in the US and/or Europe, specifically clozapine, olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine, zotepine, amisulpride, ziprasidone and aripiprazole. This review also includes an assessment of the potential contributory role of treatment-induced weight gain in conferring risk for hyperglycaemia and dyslipidaemia during treatment with different antipsychotic medications. Substantial evidence from a variety of human populations, including some recent confirmatory evidence in treated psychiatric patients, indicates that increased adiposity is associated with a variety of adverse physiological effects, including decreases in insulin sensitivity and changes in plasma glucose and lipid levels. Comparison of mean weight changes and relative percentages of patients experiencing specific levels of weight increase from controlled, randomised clinical trials indicates that weight gain liability varies significantly across the different second-generation antipsychotic agents. Clozapine and olanzapine treatment are associated with the greatest risk of clinically significant weight gain, with other agents producing relatively lower levels of risk. Risperidone, quetiapine, amisulpride and zotepine generally show low to moderate levels of mean weight gain and a modest risk of clinically significant increases in weight. Ziprasidone and aripiprazole treatment are generally associated with minimal mean weight gain and the lowest risk of more significant increases. Published studies including uncontrolled observations, large retrospective database analyses and controlled experimental studies, including randomised clinical trials, indicate that the different second-generation antipsychotics are associated with differing effects on glucose and lipid metabolism. These studies offer generally consistent evidence that clozapine and olanzapine treatment are associated with an increased risk of diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia. Inconsistent results, and a generally smaller effect in studies where an effect is reported, suggest limited if any increased risk for treatment-induced diabetes mellitus and dyslipidaemia during risperidone treatment, despite a comparable volume of published data. A similarly smaller and inconsistent signal suggests limited if any increased risk of diabetes or dyslipidaemia during quetiapine treatment, but this is based on less published data than is available for risperidone. The absence of retrospective database studies, and little or no relevant published data from clinical trials, makes it difficult to draw conclusions concerning risk for zotepine or amisulpride, although amisulpride appears to have less risk of treatment-emergent dyslipidaemia in comparison to olanzapine. With increasing data from clinical trials but little or no currently published data from large retrospective database analyses, there is no evidence at this time to suggest that ziprasidone and aripiprazole treatment are associated with an increase in risk for diabetes, dyslipidaemia or other adverse effects on glucose or lipid metabolism. In general, the rank order of risk observed for the second-generation antipsychotic medications suggests that the differing weight gain liability of atypical agents contributes to the differing relative risk of insulin resistance, dyslipidaemia and hyperglycaemia. This would be consistent with effects observed in nonpsychiatric samples, where risk for adverse metabolic changes tends to increase with increasing adiposity. From this perspective, a possible increase in risk would be predicted to occur in association with any treatment that produces increases in weight and adiposity. However, case reports tentatively suggest that substantial weight gain or obesity may not be a factor in up to one-quarter of cases of new-onset diabetes that occur during treatment. Pending further testing from preclinical and clinical studies, limited controlled studies support the hypothesis that clozapine and olanzapine may have a direct effect on glucose regulation independent of adiposity. The results of studies in this area are relevant to primary and secondary prevention efforts that aim to address the multiple factors that contribute to increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in populations that are often treated with second-generation antipsychotic medications. © Adis Data Information BV 2005. All rights reserved.
Fatal fetal hemorrhage and placental pathology. Report of three cases and a new setting; We report three cases of late third trimester fetal death in utero consequent to fetal exsanguination from the chorionic vasculature. In general, fetal hemorrhage is unusual, exsanguination is rare and the location and basis of the hemorrhage varies widely. Intragestational and intrapartum hemorrhage is far more often of maternal rather than fetal origin. Even when severe, the former is almost always manageable whilst the latter may be clinically obscure, intractable, catastrophic and fatal. In this presentation, we review and characterize fetal hemorrhage by anatomical location and on the basis of its underlying origins. In our first two cases, the chorionic vascular failure is understood on the basis of mechanical factors, such as tearing by the presenting part or an amniotomy hook. Our third case demonstrates the first reported instance in which a severe chorionic vasculopathy has damaged a placental surface vessel sufficiently to permit spontaneous rupture and fetal exsanguination. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Increased blood pressure in the offspring of diabetic mothers; Studies were conducted in rats to determine the effect of maternal diabetes and the consequent hyperglycemia on cardiovascular function in the offspring. Diabetes was induced in pregnant Wistar rats through streptozotocin injection (50 mg/kg). Cardiovascular parameters were measured in 2-mo-old offspring animals of diabetic (OD, n = 12) and control rats (OC, n = 8). Arterial pressure (AP), heart rate (HR), baroreflex sensitivity, and vascular responsiveness to phenylephrine (PH) and sodium nitroprusside (SN) were measured. Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) activity in heart, kidney, and lung was determined. OD rats exhibited increases in systolic AP (138 ± 8 vs. 119 ± 6 mmHg, OD vs. OC), with no change in HR (342 ± 21 vs. 364 ± 39 beats per minute (bpm), OD vs. OC). The reflex tachycardia elicited by SN was reduced in OD rats, as indicated by the slope of the linear regression (-2.2 ± 0.4 vs. -3.6 ± 0.8 bpm/mmHg, OD vs. OC). Vascular responsiveness to PH was increased 63% in OD rats compared with OC. OD rats showed increases in ACE activity in heart, kidney, and lung (1.13 ± 0.24, 3.04 ± 0.86, 40.8 ± 8.9 vs. 0.73 ± 0.19, 1.7 ± 0.45, 28.1 ± 6 nmol His-Leu·min-1 mg protein -1, OD vs. OC). Results suggest that diabetes during pregnancy affects cardiovascular function in offspring, seen as hypertension, baroreflex dysfunction, and activation of tissue renin-angiotensin system. Copyright © 2005 the American Physiological Society.
Metabolic and vascular abnormalities in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes: The early start of a dangerous situation; Various groups at risk for type 2 diabetes have been identified, including individuals with family history of type 2 diabetes, obesity, prior gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, metabolic syndrome, hypertension, dyslipidemia and particularly those with pre-diabetes (impaired glucose tolerance and/or impaired fasting glucose). To various degrees, all these groups have also been identified with significant vascular abnormalities that range from endothelial dysfunction and low-grade or sub-clinical inflammation to evident atherosclerosis. The mechanisms involved in establishing a link between the risk of type 2 diabetes and vascular dysfunction are multiple and complex. The presence in the circulation of various cytokines, hormones and substrates associated with increased visceral fat and insulin resistance, the frequent appearance of associated cardiovascular risk factors and/or the possibility of some genetically determined intrinsic vascular abnormalities are all explanatory mechanisms that are being evaluated in clinical research. Whereas the possibility of appreciating a significant reduction in cardiovascular outcomes in long-term prospective clinical trials in all these groups at risk for type 2 diabetes is still lacking, understanding these mechanisms and recognizing how various interventions may improve vascular health is a worthwhile area of research that may translate into important clinical strategies to reduce the burden of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease. © 2005 IMSS. Published by Elsevier Inc.
Psychotropic drugs in pregnancy and lactation; The management of psychotropic medications during pregnancy and lactation involves a difficult and complex decision for both patient and provider, particularly due to the many unknown effects medication may have on the infant. Available studies concerning use of psychotropic medications in pregnant and lactating women are limited and there are no universal guidelines. This article reviews the literature on the use of psychotropic drugs, including antidepressants, mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, and benzodiazepines, in pregnant and breast-feeding women and presents relevant data on teratogenic effects, neonatal toxicity, perinatal syndromes, and neurobehavioral sequelae. Copyright © 2005 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins Inc.
Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus and pregnancy co-occur in two different clinical entities: gestational diabetes and pregestational diabetes. Maternal hyperglycemia may have profound effects on the foetus, which depend on the period of pregnancy in which it is present. Gestational diabetes identifies women at significant risk for developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease in the future, who should undergo preventive programs in the postpartum follow-up. Preconception care in women with pregestational diabetes is the best method of preventing maternal and neonatal complications. Diabetes (gestational and pregestational) should not be an obstacle for breastfeeding, which may, in fact, provide additional benefits to the child.
The importance of determining the presence and degree of insulin resistance in the general population and in some clinical states; Insulin resistance is the inability of insulin to produce its common biological effect at a concentration which is efficacious in healthy individuals. Insulin resistance can develop in all aspects of insulin action. As insulin resistance frequently occurs prior to the diagnosis of different clinical states, identifying and treatment of insulin resistance in the general population has a certain preventive significance. Insulin resistance is etiopathogenetically associated with type 2 diabetes mellitus and obesity (mainly of the central type), arterial hypertension, cardiovascular diseases, dyslipidemia, polycystic ovary syndrome, and some other disorders. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a family history of diabetes mellitus in closest relatives, patients with a history of gestational diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance, arterial hypertension, dyslipidemia, elevated liver enzymes, in obese persons and those with the abdominal type of obesity in particular as well as in those with polycystic ovary syndrome. A separate group of clinically very interesting diseases are inherited syndromes characterized by extreme insulin resistance, contributing significantly to reduced insulin action and insulin resistance. Several methods for determining the presence and degree of insulin resistance such as clamp technique, frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test (FSIVGTT), continuous infusion of glucose with model assessment (CIGMA), and homeostasis model assessment (HOMA) are described. The most frequently used method today is HOMA, a simple method for the evaluation of the function of beta cells and the degree of insulin resistance from basal (fasting) glucose values and insulin concentrations.
Evaluation of adiponectin levels in pregnant women with gestational diabetes; Background. Adiponectin - contrary to a number of other cytokines/hormones secreted by fat tissue cells - has a beneficial effect in the pathogenesis of insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular diseases through its influence on insulin sensitivity and protective role in the development of atherosclerosis. Material and methods. The aim of our study was the estimation of adiponectin concentrations in the peripheral blood of gestational diabetes patients in comparison to healthy pregnant women and the analysis of this cytokine alterations in relationship to particular phenotypic features (BMI, WHR), metabolic status, lipid parameters and indices of insulin resistance in pregnant women. Results. In the present study we have shown that adiponectin concentrations in the peripheral blood of women with gestational diabetes are significantly lower than in women without metabolic disturbances during pregnancy (11.3 ± ± 5.9 vs. 16.3 ± 6.0, p < 0.0001). Combined analysis of both studied groups revealed that there are statistically signifficant negative correlations between adiponectin and body mass index, waist circumference, waist-to-hip ratio or triglyceride levels. We also observed a positive correlation of the studied cytokine with HDL fraction of cholesterol. Conclusions. The results of our study confirm the recent publications about a key role of adiponectin in the pathogenesis of gestational diabetes and increased predisposition to type 2 diabetes mellitus and/or cardiovascular disease development in this group of women. Copyright © 2005 Via Medica.
Maternal obesity and complications during pregnancy; Obesity has become a major health problem all over the world and during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of complications, including gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and delivery complications such as macrosomia, shoulder dystocia and higher rates of cesarean sections and infections. Maternal obesity may also be an independent risk factor for neural tube defects and fetal mortality. This review focuses on the consequences of maternal obesity during pregnancy.
Fetal programming: The perspective of single and twin pregnancies; Multiple pregnancy is associated with increased risk of adverse consequences for both mother and fetus(es), including increased rates of maternal hypertension and pre-eclampsia, spontaneous abortion, Caesarean delivery, low birthweight, birth prematurity, perinatal mortality, admission to neonatal intensive care and extended length of care, respiratory distress, cerebral palsy, developmental delay, contact with disability services and mortality to age 5 years. Premature birth, which affects 97% of triplets and 53.3% of twins in Australia, is not the sole factor involved. The rate of multiple pregnancy in Australia is 1.7%. This compares to 22.1% for pregnancies resulting from assisted reproduction technology (ART). As a result, 21.8% of babies born from ART are from a multiple pregnancy, in comparison to the USA where the majority of babies born from ART are from a multiple pregnancy. Additionally, the population rate of multiple births is rising due to the more frequent use of ART and continued multi-embryo transfers, which is operating against a background of rising implantation rates within ART clinics. Twins have been of interest from a programming perspective. However, analysis of associations between crude birthweight and subsequent metabolic risk factors or mortality in adulthood from chronic disease indicate that adaptations in pregnancy to support multi-fetal growth are not identical to fetal growth restriction in singleton pregnancies. Indeed, the process of 'maternal constraint' is incompletely understood and confounds such comparisons. From a programming perspective, it is a challenge to identify in twin pregnancies the transition from physiological adaptation to pathological growth restriction. Growth disparity between twins has been more illuminating of subtle adverse effects for the smaller of twin pairs in both blood pressure and insulin resistance in adulthood. Interestingly, these effects can be observed in both dizygotic and to a lesser degree in monozygotic twins, which indicates a role for both genetic and environmental factors in these measures. This suggests that, consistent with experimental studies in other species, the relationship between impaired growth in utero and chronic disease in later life is not simply mediated by a common genetic pathway. © CSIRO 2005.
Developmental origins of the metabolic syndrome: Prediction, plasticity, and programming; The "fetal" or "early" origins of adult disease hypothesis was originally put forward by David Barker and colleagues and stated that environmental factors, particularly nutrition, act in early life to program the risks for adverse health outcomes in adult life. This hypothesis has been supported by a worldwide series of epidemiological studies that have provided evidence for the association between the perturbation of the early nutritional environment and the major risk factors (hypertension, insulin resistance, and obesity) for cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and the metabolic syndrome in adult life. It is also clear from experimental studies that a range of molecular, cellular, metabolic, neuroendocrine, and physiological adaptations to changes in the early nutritional environment result in a permanent alteration of the developmental pattern of cellular proliferation and differentiation in key tissue and organ systems that result in pathological consequences in adult life. This review focuses on those experimental studies that have investigated the critical windows during which perturbations of the intrauterine environment have major effects, the nature of the epigenetic, structural, and functional adaptive responses which result in a permanent programming of cardiovascular and metabolic function, and the role of the interaction between the pre- and postnatal environment in determining final health outcomes. Copyright © 2005 the American Physiological Society.
Spontaneous common bile duct rupture in pregnancy; This report describes how a rare condition in pregnancy can present with features resembling more common diagnoses in the unwell obstetric patient. Our patient presented in late pregnancy initially with clinical features similar to mild preeclampsia, with proteinuric hypertension, epigastric pain and mildly deranged liver function tests. She went on to develop signs of acute abdomen associated with a persistent tachycardia and hypotension; there was evidence of fetal compromise. Following resuscitation, emergency caesarean section was performed and evolved into a laparotomy. The diagnosis was not clear clinically at this stage, but a retrospective amylase sample suggested acute pancreatitis. There was no clinical evidence of biliary perforation, but ongoing clinical suspicion prompted a CT of the abdomen. This proved unhelpful and our diagnostic dilemma was only resolved by endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography, which demonstrated a biliary leak. A stent was placed with subsequent improvement in the patient's condition. With anaesthetists increasingly involved in the multi-disciplinary management of acutely sick obstetric patients, our case highlights the need for every practitioner involved in such cases to assess each individual fully, and be constantly aware that the diagnosis might not be obvious. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A national estimate of the elective primary cesarean delivery rate; OBJECTIVE: We describe national trends for elective primary cesarean delivery from 1994 to 2001, with attention to changes in indications. METHODS: We used data from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project Nationwide Inpatient Sample. Cesarean deliveries were identified by International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification procedure and diagnostic codes; V codes identified all types of deliveries for denominators. Twelve indications for elective primary cesarean delivery were targeted. International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical Modification coding changes were also evaluated. RESULTS: After excluding women who had labored and previous cesarean deliveries, elective primary cesarean deliveries rose from 19.7% of all cesarean deliveries in 1994 to 28.3% in 2001, an increase of approximately 43.6%. The use of the identified indications for elective primary cesarean delivery increased for codes representing malpresentation, antepartum bleeding, hypertension and severe hypertension, macrosomia, unengaged head, preterm gestation, and maternal soft tissue disorders. Coding for herpes, multiple gestation, other uterine scar, and congenital central nervous system remained the same. Additionally, a new 1998 code for fetal heart rate abnormalities was rapidly adopted during the study period. CONCLUSION: A national estimate of the elective primary cesarean delivery rate shows a rising trend. Additionally, coded indications for these procedures are shifting. Further examination into the use and clinical implications of indications through national surveillance for elective primary cesarean delivery is important for future obstetric practice. A revision of the terminology classification used to identify indications for cesarean delivery procedures would aid in this effort. © 2005 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Effect of thiazolidinedione treatment on progression of subclinical atherosclerosis in premenopausal women at high risk for type 2 diabetes; We tested the effects of treatment with a thiazolidinedione drug on rates of progression of carotid intima-media thickness (CIMT) and some putative determinants of CIMT in young women at high risk for type 2 diabetes. A total of 266 nondiabetic, Hispanic women with recent gestational diabetes were randomized to placebo or troglitazone. CIMT measurements were made at baseline, annually, and at study end, together with measurements of obesity, serum lipids, and glucose and insulin levels during oral glucose tolerance tests. Insulin sensitivity (minimal model analysis) was measured at baseline and 3 months later. Data were analyzed to compare CIMT progression rates between treatment groups and investigate potential determinants of differences in CIMT progression. One hundred ninety-two women had a CIMT measurement at baseline and at least one follow-up visit. The mean rate of CIMT change was 31% lower in women assigned to troglitazone (P = 0.048). This intergroup difference was not explained by baseline or on-trial differences in obesity, lipids, glucose, or insulin. The reduction in CIMT progression developed gradually, occurred only in women who had an increase in insulin sensitivity, and was unrelated to the presence of the metabolic syndrome at baseline. Troglitazone reduced the progression of subclinical atherosclerosis via a mechanism that involved unmeasured mediators of atherosclerosis, either in the circulation or directly in the arterial wall. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Third degree perineal tears in a university medical center where midline episiotomies are not performed; Objective: Midline episiotomy is a known major risk factor for severe perineal lacerations. The study was aimed to define obstetric risk factors for third-degree perineal tears in a university medical center where midline episiotomies are not performed. Study design: A comparison between vaginal deliveries complicated with third-degree perineal tears and deliveries without third-degree perineal tears was performed. Deliveries occurred between the years 1988-1999 in a tertiary medical center. Multiple gestations, preterm deliveries (<37 weeks' gestation), cesarean deliveries and cases of shoulder dystocia were excluded from the analysis. A multiple logistic regression model was constructed in order to find independent risk factors for third-degree perineal tears. Odds ratios (OR) and their 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated from the regression coefficient. Results: During the study period, 79 (0.1%) consecutive cases of third degree perineal tears were identified. Significant risk factors from the univariate analysis were fetal macrosomia (OR 2.7, 95%CI 1.2-5.5), nulliparity (OR 2.9, 95%CI 1.8-4.6), labor induction (OR 1.9, 95%CI 1.0-3.5), failure of labor to progress during the second stage (OR 10.8, 95%CI 5.4-21.1), non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR 11.7, 95%CI 6.1-21.5), mediolateral episiotomy (OR 2.8, 95%CI 1.8-4.5), vacuum extraction (OR 10.6, 95%CI 6.1-18.3), and forceps delivery (OR 29.2, 95%CI 7.3-97.2). However, using a multivariable analysis, only fetal macrosomia (OR 2.5, 95%CI 1.2-4.9), vacuum extraction (OR 8.2, 95%CI 4.7-14.5), and forceps delivery (OR 26.7, 95%CI 8.0-88.5) remained as independent risk factors. The combined risk for instrumental deliveries of macrosomic newborns was 8.6 (95% CI 1.2-62.5; p=0.010). Conclusions: After adjustment for possible confounding variables, mediolateral episiotomy per se was not an independent risk factor for third-degree perineal tears. Instrumental vaginal deliveries of macrosomic fetuses should be avoided whenever possible to decrease the occurrence of third-degree perineal tears. © Springer-Verlag 2004.
Neurologic aspects of neonatal hypoglycemia; Profound neonatal hypoglycemia is one of the leading causes of brain injury. Hypoglycemic encephalopathy is caused by lack of glucose availability to brain cells. Although sharing a similar pathogenesis with hypoxic-ischemic encephalopathy, hypoglycemic brain insult has distinctive metabolic, brain imaging, electroencephalographic and histopathologic findings.
The Tei index for evaluation of fetal myocardial performance in sick fetuses; Objective: The Tei index is a useful, new, noninvasive Doppler index of combined systolic and diastolic function calculated by isovolumic relaxation time plus isovolumic contraction time divided by ejection time. Sick fetuses were evaluated with the Tei index. Methods: The study group underwent two-dimensional/Doppler echocardiographic measurement of their Tei index and included 10 monochorionic diamniotic (MD) twin pairs with non-twin to twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS), 4 twin pairs with TTTS, 12 fetuses with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), 14 fetuses of diabetic mothers, 3 hydrops fetalis fetuses, 8 fetuses of mothers treated with a tocolytic agent, and 40 normal fetuses (control group). Results: The Tei indices in the following groups were significantly higher than the control: recipient fetuses in TTTS, large for gestational age (LGA) fetuses of diabetic mothers, and fetuses with hydrops fetalis. Conclusion: The Tei index may be a useful tool for the assessment of fetal cardiac status in a variety of sick fetuses. Recipient fetuses in TTTS, LGA fetuses of diabetic mothers, and hydrops fetalis fetuses may have abnormal myocardial performance. The Tei index readily provides early detection of diminished myocardial function, particularly ventricular dysfunction. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consensus statement: Childhood obesity; In March 2004 a group of 65 physicians and other health professionals representing nine countries on four continents convened in Israel to discuss the widespread public health crisis in childhood obesity. Their aim was to explore the available evidence and develop a consensus on the way forward. The process was rigorous, although time and resources did not permit the development of formal evidence-based guidelines. In the months before meeting, participants were allocated to seven groups covering prevalence, causes, risks, prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and psychology. Through electronic communication each group selected the key issues for their area, searched the literature, and developed a draft document. Over the 3-d meeting, these papers were debated and finalized by each group before presenting to the full group for further discussion and agreement. In developing a consensus statement, this international group has presented the evidence, developed recommendations, and provided a platform aimed toward future corrective action and ongoing debate in the international community. Copyright © 2005 by The Endocrine Society.
Vasoactive mediators and retinopathy during type 1 diabetic pregnancy; Purpose: To evaluate the role of various vasoactive hormones in the evolution of diabetic retinopathy during pregnancy and postpartum. Methods: Retinopathy was graded from fundus photographs of 45 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes and seven pregnant women without diabetes in a prospective study. Markers of renin-angiotensin-system (RAS), plasma renin activity (PRA), angiotensin II (AngII), aldosterone, natriuretic peptides (ANP, BNP, CNP) and adreonomedullin (AM) were measured during the first and third trimesters and at 3 months postpartum. The women with diabetes were grouped by progression of retinopathy during pregnancy and postpartum. Results: Levels of PRA (p=0.001) and ANP (p=0.03) were significantly lower in diabetes than in non-diabetes subjects throughout pregnancy and postpartum. No significant differences appeared in levels of AngII, aldosterone, AM, BNP or CNP between the two groups. In multivariate logistic regression analyses with retinopathy progression by the third trimester as the dependent variable, only duration of diabetes qualified in the model (p=0.027, R=0.227, Exp(B)=1.28). Conclusions: Diabetic pregnancy is associated with lower levels of PRA and ANP compared to non-diabetic pregnancy. Lowered RAS activity may contribute to the hyperdynamic blood flow and progression of DR during diabetic pregnancy. Within the power of this study no clear associations between the vasoactive hormones and progression of retinopathy could be detected. Copyright © Acta Ophthalmol Scand 2005.
Evidence-based vaginal birth after Caesarean section; Caesarean section rates are rising globally. Whether vaginal birth after Caesarean (VBAC) is safe and under what circumstances is increasingly important. This chapter reviews the literature about the risks of VBAC, patient and management factors that may alter risk, and discusses ongoing research as well as suggestions for improving future research. © 2004 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Prenatal diagnosis of isolated foramen ovale obstruction: A report of two cases; Premature obstruction of the foramen ovale is a rare but serious clinical entity. Obstruction can be associated with right ventricular failure, fetal hydrops, tricuspid regurgitation, left heart obstructive defects and supraventricular tachycardia. In most cases, the diagnosis is made at the postmortem examination. The etiology is unknown. We discuss 2 prenatal cases with the sole diagnosis of ventricular asymmetry. The right ventricle was dilated and hypertrophic, and the foramen ovale ballooned into the left atrium without color Doppler detection of right-to-left flow. After delivery, the infants had no hydrops or symptoms of cardiac or respiratory distress. Echocardiography demonstrated a structurally normal heart with increased right ventricle dimensions until the 7th day of life. Delivery should be induced if possible in cases of foramen ovale obstruction with signs of cardiac decompensation. Copyright © 2005 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Advanced glycation endproducts - Role in pathology of diabetic complications; Diabetes mellitus is a common endocrine disorder characterised by hyperglycaemia and predisposes to chronic complications affecting the eyes, blood vessels, nerves and kidneys. Hyperglycaemia has an important role in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications by increasing protein glycation and the gradual build-up of advanced glycation endproducts (AGEs) in body tissues. These AGE form on intra- and extracellular proteins, lipids, nucleic acids and possess complex structures that generate protein fluorescence and cross-linking. Protein glycation and AGE are accompanied by increased free radical activity that contributes towards the biomolecular damage in diabetes. There is considerable interest in receptors for AGEs (RAGE) found on many cell types, particularly those affected in diabetes. Recent studies suggest that interaction of AGEs with RAGE alter intracellular signalling, gene expression, release of pro-inflammatory molecules and free radicals that contribute towards the pathology of diabetic complications. This review introduces the chemistry of glycation and AGEs and examines the mechanisms by which they mediate their toxicity. The role of AGEs in the pathogenesis of retinopathy, cataract, atherosclerosis, neuropathy, nephropathy, diabetic embryopathy and impaired wound healing are considered. There is considerable interest in anti-glycation compounds because of their therapeutic potential. The mechanisms and sites of action of selected inhibitors, together with their potential in preventing diabetic complications are discussed. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The metabolic syndrome in children and adolescents; The metabolic syndrome is a constellation of metabolic abnormalities that result in an increased risk for type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease in adults. It emerges when a person's predisposition for insulin resistance is worsened by increasing central obesity and is largely confined to the overweight population. The United States National Cholesterol Education Program's Adult Treatment Panel III report proposed a set of criteria for the clinical diagnosis of metabolic syndrome in the adult population. A uniform definition for the paediatric population is lacking. Despite this, several studies have demonstrated that features of the syndrome develop in childhood and that the syndrome is present in up to 30% of obese children (body mass index at or above the 95th percentile). Ninety per cent of obese children meet at least one of the five criteria. The degree of abnormality is related to the body mass index, waist circumference and fasting insulin levels. There appears to be a genetic predisposition to the development of the syndrome and certain ethnic groups are at increased risk. The intrauterine environment also appears to play a role. Insulin resistance should be targeted for treatment through exercise and dietary intervention. The role of pharmacotherapeutic agents remains unclear. A uniform definition of the metabolic syndrome for paediatric patients needs to be created. Early intervention should be instituted because many of the features of the syndrome track from childhood into adulthood. ©2005 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved.
FALTA; Fetal heart rate values and the variations of its different indexes were determined in patients diagnosed with either preexisting or gestational diabetes and were compared to a control group. The size of the sample was 46 patients, which was divided in 3 groups: 1. Preexisting diabetes (n = 15): the range of the patients age was 20 to 42 years with a mean and standard deviation of 32.2 ± 7.13 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 23 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 31 ± 3.5 weeks. 2. Gestational diabetes (n = 11): the range of the patients age was 22 to 40 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 30.54 ± 6.04 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 26 to 37 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 32 ± 3.5 weeks. 3. Control group (n = 20): the range of the patients age was 19 to 38 years, with a mean and standard deviation of 27.45 ± 5.69 years. The range of the pregnancy age was 27 to 39 weeks, with a mean and standard deviation of 33.25 ± 3.11 weeks. Uterine contractility and fetal heart rate registers were carried out with a Hewlett-Packard Monitor, Model 1350 of the 50 XM Series. The duration was 2:00 hours. At the beginning of each register, patients were taken a blood sample to obtain glucose levels. Each patient was taken its blood pressure, pulse, temperature and breathing frecuency levels, abdominal circumference and uterine height were measured and fetal heart beats were checked. For the statistical analisys of basal fetal heart rate and the amplitude of the accelerations the one way variance test was used. Preexisting diabetes: the range of FHR was 120-165 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 142.802 ± 7.826 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 115-160 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 141.82 ± 9.150 beats. Control group: the range was 110-170 beats, with a mean and standard deviation of 135.5 ± 10.57 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.0000. A comparative analisys of the amplitude of accelerations among the 3 study groups was made. Preexisting diabetes: the amplitude of accelerations had a range of 10 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.198 beats. Gestational diabetes: the range was 8 to 45 beats, with a mean of 22.61 beats. Control group: the range was 8 to 50 beats, with a mean of 24.81 beats. The difference between means was significant; p = 0.05, which tells us these facts are for real and not at random. Glucose values were: - Preexisting diabetes: the range of glycemia was 75 to 220 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 122.4 ± 44.79 mg/dl. - Gestational diabetes: the range was 74 to 221 mg/dl; with a mean and standard deviation of 119.9 ± 48.11 mg/dl. - Control group: glucose remained within the normal range. In the 1st and 2nd groups, the difference between means was not significant; p = 0.89. The physical state of the newborns was measured according to the Apgar test, at the 1 st and 5th minutes; all newborns were vigorous. All studies were longitudinal.
Women and obesity; Problems related to obesity in women include 1) menstrual disorders and decreased fertility associated with obesity in the adolescent and reproductive periods, 2) increased perinatal abnormalities in obese pregnant women, and 3) increased incidence of cardiovascular diseases, cancer of the corpus uteri, and breast cancer in obese postmenopausal women. Menstrual disorders and low fertility occur frequently in both obese and underweight women. The incidence of menstrual abnormalities is lowest when the body mass index (BMI) is 22-23. Recently, attention has been given to an increase in underweight rather than obese pregnant women and the associated decrease in the birth weight of infants. However, obesity in pregnant women is associated with a higher incidence of complications of pregnancy (e.g., preeclampsia and gestational diabetes) and abnormal labor. Obesity, particularly that characterized by the accumulation of visceral fat, increases in women after 40 years of age, and its incidence in women in their 50s reaches a level similar to that in men. With this increase, hyperlipidemia and cardiovascular diseases increase markedly in postmenopausal women. In addition, cancer of the corpus uteri and breast cancer are closely related to obesity after menopause.
Maternal obesity: Effects on labor and delivery. "Excluding other diseases that might modify obstetrical management"; Aims. The aim of this survey was to analyze the effects on labor, delivery, afterbirth, and neonatal status of maternal obesity, independently of other diseases that might modify obstetrical management. Population and methods. Cross-sectional survey of cases during one year in the obstetrics department of a university hospital center. The inclusion criterion was obesity, defined as BMI > 30. The exclusion criteria were hypertension, pregnancy-related hypoxemia, diabetes (pre-existing or pregnancy-related), maternal cardio-pulmonary disease, uterine scar, multiple pregnancy, and non-cephalic presentation. Two groups, one obese and the other not, were matched for age and parity. Results. The rate of post-term deliveries was higher among obese women (p = 0.04), induction of labor more frequent (p = 0.05), and the duration of its first phase longer (p = 0.003); the cesarean rate was seven times higher (14.6% versus 2.1%) and the mean weight of the newborns significantly higher (p = 0.01). Multivariate analysis found the following factors to be significantly associated with maternal obesity: longer duration of the first phase of labor, less frequent spontaneous vaginal delivery, higher cesarean rate, and higher rate of lack of progress in dilatation. Conclusion. This study shows that maternal obesity is a risk factor for complications during pregnancy, independently of its standard complications - pregnancy-related diabetes and hypertension. It compromises the smooth progression of labor and delivery. Pregnancy in obese women must be considered to be "at risk", regardless of any complications of obesity. It is thus important to help obese women become more aware of the importance of a balanced diet for themselves and their children. The presence of an obese adult in the household quadruples the risk of obesity in children. © MASSON, Paris, 2005.
Natural killer cells and reproductive failure - Theory, practice and prejudice; The relationship between peripheral blood natural killer (NK) cells and reproductive failure is one of the most controversial areas in reproductive medicine. Amidst much publicity, peripheral blood NK cell testing is being promoted as a useful diagnostic test to guide the initiation of a variety of immunosuppressive therapies amongst patients with either recurrent miscarriage or infertility. We contend (i) that at present there is no scientific basis for the introduction of NK cell testing into routine clinical practice, and (ii) that the use of immunosuppressant agents based on the results of such testing may potentially be harmful. © The Author 2005. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology. All rights reserved.
Treatment strategies in PCOS patients; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), with a prevalence of up to 7%, is the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age. It is a complex metabolic-endocrine disorder with severe long-term health consequences, such as a higher risk of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular diseases. According to prospective studies, women with PCOS have abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus in 31.0-35.0% and 7.5-10.0% respectively. This risk is 2-3 times higher than normal. Insulin resistance plays a key role in the pathophysiology of this syndrome, and this makes the use of oral anti-diabetic drugs most compelling. The majority of studies have shown amelioration of typical symptoms such as hyperandrogenism and cycle irregularities following the use of oral anti-diabetics, and ovulation and pregnancy rates increased. Furthermore, these drugs might be cardioprotective by improving insulin sensitivity and reducing the risk for type 2 diabetes. The best-investigated drug is metformin. Metformin is not approved for PCOS treatment in Germany and is a class B drug in pregnancy. In sterile PCOS patients, clomiphene citrate is still the first choice. The combination of clomiphene with metformin and lifestyle changes such as weight reduction and exercise might be superior to clomiphene alone. This article covers the use of different oral anti-diabetic drugs in the treatment of PCOS, and their influence on fertility and long-term health.
Comparison of fetal behavior in low- and high-risk pregnancies; Meta-analyses were conducted on archival data of human fetal behavior to identify differential behavior among high-risk fetuses in pregnancies complicated by threatened preterm delivery, maternal hypertension or diabetes compared with low-risk fetuses in uneventful pregnancies, delivering as healthy, full-term infants. Data for a total of 493 fetuses (260 high risk, 233 low risk) from 23 weeks' gestation to term who participated in a study using a standardized protocol including observations of spontaneous and auditory-induced behavior were retrieved from our laboratory database. There were no differences in spontaneous behaviors when scored using clinical criteria for the nonstress test and biophysical profile; however, there were differences in the magnitude of the behaviors measured in the tests. Developmental differences were observed between those threatening to deliver early and the fetuses of hypertensive and diabetic mothers. The latter two groups differed little from one another but differed from low-risk fetuses in their response to auditory stimulation. We concluded that differences in behavior among high-risk groups suggest that atypical fetal behaviors may represent adaptation to condition specific insult rather than a generalized response to insult per se. The finding that high-risk fetuses showed atypical responses to auditory stimuli indicates a need to examine the relation between fetal auditory function and later language acquisition. Copyright © Taylor & Francis Inc.
Neonatal meningitis: Related features; Objective: The goal of this study was to identify and to analyze the features related to the occurrence of neonatal meningitis. Method: In a case-control study we examined all newborns presenting meningitis between August/2002 and December/2003 in the neonatal Intensive Care Unit. Healthy newborns were enrolled as a Control Group (CG). Data related to pregnancy, labor and the neonate itself were collected. The results with p<0,05 were considered significant. Results: 42 newborns with meningitis were compared to 42 controls. The meningitis group (MG) presented a lower number of medical visits during the prenatal care. The most common abnormalities detected in both groups were: drug addiction, congenital infections, preeclampsia, eclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus and urinary tract infections. Fetal respiratory distress and the use of respiratory support were related to the occurrence of meningitis. The average weight and the APGAR scores were lower in the MG. The prevalence of premature and small for the gestational age infants was significantly higher in the MG. The neurological examination detected abnormalities in 35.7% of the meningitis cases. Conclusion: The association of risk factors related to pregnancy, labor and the newborn itself to the neonatal meningitis outcome in our setting is similar to the described in the literature.
Inflammatory markers in women with a recent history of gestational diabetes mellitus; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a risk factor for both Type 2 diabetes (DM2) and insulin-resistance syndrome (IRS). C-reactive protein (CRP), fibrinogen and leukocyte count are increased in the IRS and predict DM2 and cardiovascular disease (CVD). The chemochine monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1/CCL2) is also elevated in DM2 and CVD. Recent evidence suggests a relation between chronic inflammation and GDM, but post-delivery information on inflammatory markers in these high-risk women is lacking. Serum levels of CRP, fibrinogen, MCP-1/ CCL2, and leukocyte blood count have been assessed in 26 women with and 26 women without a recent history of GDM, matched for age, body mass index (BMI), post-partum duration and parity. DM2 was excluded in all the participants by an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Women with previous GDM showed significantly higher CRP (p=0.007) and fibrinogen (p=0.02) serum concentrations, whereas MCP-1/CCL2 serum levels and leukocyte blood count were comparable in the two groups. Overall, CRP levels significantly correlated with BMI (r=0.40, p=0.03), waist-to-hip ratio (WHR) (r=0.44, p=0.001), fasting insulin (r=0.27, p=0.04), insulin-resistance assessed by means of the homeostatic model (HOMA) (r=0.28, p=0.04), and fibrinogen concentration (r=0.49, p=0.0001). At linear regression analysis, only WHR and fibrinogen were independently associated with CRP levels. In conclusion, the increase of inflammatory markers may be one of the first detectable disorders in healthy women at high risk of DM2 and IRS, like those with a GDM history. ©2005, Editrice Kurtis.
Postprandial glucose regulation: New data andnew implications; Background: Type 2 diabetes is characterized by agradual decline in insulin secretion in response to nutrient loads; hence, it is primarily a disorder of post-prandial glucose (PPG) regulation. However, physicians continue to rely on fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) to guide management. Objectives: The objectives of this article are to review current data on postprandial hyperglycemia and to assess whether, and how, management of type 2 diabetes should change to reflect new clinical findings. Methods: Articles were selected from MEDLINE searches (key words: postprandial glucose, postprandial hyperglycemia, and cardiovascular disease) and from our personal reference files, with emphasis on the contribution of postprandial hyperglycemia to overall glycemic load or cardiovascular (CV) risk. Results: About 33% of people diagnosed as having type 2 diabetes based on postprandial hyperglycemia have normal FPG. PPG contributes ≥70% to the total glycemic load in patients who are fairly well controlled (HbA,1c ≤.3%). Furthermore, there is a linear relationship between the risk of CV death and the 2-hour oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Increased mortality is evident at OGTT levels of ∼90 mg/dL (5 mmol/L), which is well below current definitions of type 2 diabetes. Biphasic insulin aspart was shown to be more effective at reducing HbAlc below currently recommended levels than basal insulin glargine (66% vs 40%; P < 0.001), and it reduced endothelial dysfunction more effectively than regular insulin (P < 0.01). Repaglinide achieved regression of carotid atherosclerosis (intima-media thickness) in 52% of patients versus 18 % for glyburide (P < 0.01) over 1 year, although levels of HbAlc and CV risk factors were similar for both treatment groups. Finally, acarbose reduced the relative risk of CV events by 49% over 3.3 years versus placebo in patients with impaired glucose tolerance (2.2% vs 4.7%; P = 0.03) and by 35% over ≥1 year in patients with type 2 diabetes (9.4% vs 6.1%; P = 0.006). Conclusions: All components of the glucose triad (ie,FPG, HbA1c, and PPG) should be considered in the management of type 2 diabetes. Therapy targeted at PPG has been shown to improve glucose control and to reduce the progression of atherosclerosis and CV events; therefore, physicians should consider monitoring and targeting PPG, as well as HbAlc and FPG, in patients with type 2 diabetes. © 2005 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Diabetes mellitus and its treatment; Diabetes mellitus (DM) is a metabolic disorder resulting from a defect in insulin secretion, insulin action, or both. Insulin deficiency in turn leads to chronic hyperglycaemia with disturbances of carbohydrate, fat and protein metabolism. It is the most common endocrine disorder and by the year 2010, it is estimated that more than 200 million people worldwide will have DM and 300 million will subsequently have the disease by 2025. As the disease progresses tissue or vascular damage ensues leading to severe diabetic complications such as retinopathy, neuropathy, nephropathy, cardiovascular complications and ulceration. Thus, diabetes covers a wide range of heterogeneous diseases. Diabetes mellitus may be categorized into several types but the two major types are type 1 and type 2. Drugs are used primarily to save life and alleviate symptoms. Secondary aims are to prevent long-term diabetic complications and, by eliminating various risk factors, to increase longevity. Insulin replacement therapy is the mainstay for patients with type 1 DM while diet and lifestyle modifications are considered the cornerstone for the treatment and management of type 2 DM. Insulin is also important in type 2 DM when blood glucose levels cannot be controlled by diet, weight loss, exercise and oral medications. Oral hypoglycaemic agents are also useful in the treatment of type 2 DM. Oral hypoglycaemic agents include sulphonylureas, biguanides, alpha glucosidase inhibitors, meglitinide analogues, and thiazolidenediones. The main objective of these drugs is to correct the underlying metabolic disorder, such as insulin resistance and inadequate insulin secretion. They should be prescribed in combination with an appropriate diet and lifestyle changes. Diet and lifestyle strategies are to reduce weight, improve glycaemic control and reduce the risk of cardiovascular complications, which account for 70% to 80% of deaths among those with diabetes. Diabetes is best controlled either by diet alone and exercise (non-pharmacological), or diet with herbal or oral hypoglycaemic agents or insulin (pharmacological). The main side effects are weight gain and hypoglycaemia with sulfonylureas, gastrointestinal (GI) disturbances with metformin, weight gain, GI disturbances and liver injury with thiazolidinediones, GI disturbances, weight gain and hypersensitivity reactions with meglitinides and flatulence, diarrhoea and abdominal bloating with alpha-glucosidase inhibitors.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; This article reviews normal and abnormal carbohydrate metabolism in pregnancy, with an emphasis on the challenges that are faced by those who care for the pregnant woman who has hyperglycemia. The growing problem of type 2 diabetes in pregnancy, the controversial use of oral antihyperglycemic agents for the treatment of gestational diabetes, and the long-term issue of diabetes prevention in those whose hyperglycemia resolves postpartum are also addressed.
Advice that includes food sources of unsaturated fat supports future risk management of gestational diabetes mellitus; Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) have a greater risk of developing type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and heart disease than pregnant women without GDM. Advice given during the GDM pregnancy provides an opportunity to develop protective dietary patterns for the long-term management of this risk. Dietary guidelines for the prevention and management of type 2 DM support the inclusion of unsaturated fats, but food advice needs to target this outcome. The aim of this study was to compare the dietary intakes of women with GDM given general low-fat advice (control group) to women with GDM given the same advice with additional targets for food sources of unsaturated fats (intervention group). After approximately 6 weeks, the intervention group reported more ideal dietary fatty acid intakes than the control group, with polyunsaturated: saturated fat ratios of 1:1 and 0.4:1, respectively (P<.001), assessed using repeated measures analysis of variance. These results confirm the need to include food sources of unsaturated fats in advice strategies to assure optimal protective eating habits in this at-risk group.
The role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in neonatal outcome; Aims: To determine the role of serum insulin-like growth factor I (IGF-I) in predicting the occurrence of septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of mothers with diabetes. Methods/materials: In this prospective study, 100 pregnant women (50 with diabetes and 50 controls), matched for age and race, were studied. One intrapartum blood sample was taken at 28 weeks of gestation from both groups of mothers and another sample at delivery. All samples were analysed for maternal IGF-I by an enzyme linked immunosorbent assay method. A chest radiograph and an electrocardiogram were performed on the babies of the mothers with diabetes within the first 24 hours of life. An echocardiogram was performed in the first 3 days of life to look for septal hypertrophy and to measure the myocardial thickness. Results: In the six cases of neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, all the mothers had greatly raised IGF-I concentrations of more than 400 ng/ml at the time of delivery compared with a mean (SD) of 302 (25) ng/ml in control mothers. Conclusions: In the present study a crude analysis revealed that increased IGF-I concentrations correlate with neonatal septal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
Advancement of knowledge in the field of diabetes mellitus and related metabolic diseases; The European Association for the Study of Diabetes held its 40th annual meeting September 5-9, 2004, in Munich, Germany. This scientific program presented the results of extensive research on various issues of diabetes and the related disorders, which gave a broader insight into the pathophysiology of the metabolic process. It also focused on a broad range of new therapeutic possibilities and advances in the management of diabetes and its complications. © 2005 Prous Science. All rights reserved.
Twin-twin transfusion syndrome: A population-based study; OBJECTIVE: To study the incidence and mortality and morbidity rates of twin-twin transfusion syndrome in a complete population-based cohort in Nova Scotia. METHODS: A population-based cohort study of all monochorionic diamniotic twin pregnancies of 20 weeks of gestation or longer born to Nova Scotia (Canada) residents between 1988 and 2000 was examined. The effect of gestational age adjustment and birth weight discordancy of more than 20% on mortality and 1-year survival was studied. Other outcomes studied included birth depression, respiratory distress syndrome, chronic lung disease, interventricular hemorrhage, periventricular leukomalacia, acute renal failure, and congestive heart failure. RESULTS: Of 404 monochorionic-diamniotic twin pregnancies examined, 48 were identified with twin-twin transfusion syndrome. Total mortality rates per pregnancy were significantly greater in the twin-twin transfusion syndrome group than in the remainder of our monochorionic diamniotic population (P < .01). However, when adjusted for gestational age, mortality failed to achieve statistical significance. Similarly, no differences were noted for 1-year survival and other outcomes of liveborn infants after gestational age adjustment. Discordance in birth weight predicted a higher incidence of morbid outcomes per pregnancy, but this effect was lost after gestational age adjustment. CONCLUSION: Increased morbidity and mortality of twins with twin-twin transfusion syndrome is likely to be due to a higher incidence of preterm birth. Birth weight discordancy was not found to be an independent predictor of mortality after controlling for gestational age and twin-twin transfusion syndrome. © 2004 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
A study of congenital cardiac disease in a neonatal population--the validity of echocardiography undertaken by a neonatologist.; OBJECTIVES: To estimate the incidence of, and profile the spread of, congenital cardiac defects, and to assess the accuracy of the echocardiographic diagnosis as performed by a neonatologist. DESIGN: Hospital-based study. METHODS: All neonates meeting our criterions, specifically those with a persistent murmur 48 hours after birth, underwent an echocardiographic examination to exclude an underlying congenital cardiac defect. All scans performed by the neonatologist were videotaped and reviewed by a paediatric cardiologist. We assessed concordance according to inter-rater agreement. RESULTS: Out of 11,085 live births, there were 83 infants with a congenital cardiac defect, giving an incidence of 7.49 per 1000 live births, with 95% confidence interval from 5.88 to 9.09. Of the infants with a murmur persisting at or greater than 48 hours after birth, who had a median age of 4.5 days, 75% had a congenital heart defect, with ventricular septal defect being the commonest, encountered in 56.7% of cases. Concordance between the neonatologist and the cardiologist was good, with Cohen's Kappa coefficient being calculated at 0.68, and 95% confidence interval from 0.51 to 0.85. CONCLUSION: The incidence of congenital cardiac malformations as determined in our hospital-based study in the United Arab Emirates is similar to that described in the Gulf region and worldwide. A persistent murmur at or greater than 48 hours after birth is strongly suggestive of an underlying congenital cardiac malformation. Our experience shows that a neonatologist appropriately trained in echocardiography can perform as well as a paediatric cardiologist. Where specialist resources are limited, this allows for early diagnosis, earlier referral if necessary, and early institution of appropriate therapy.
Advances in diabetes for the millennium: Vitamins and oxidant stress in diabetes and its complications CME; Hyperinduced oxidant stress may have a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes and its micro- and macrovascular complications. Attaining euglycemia and the use of antioxidant vitamins could reduce oxidant stress and complications. In general, evidence does not support the use of supplements, and supplements are not recommended unless patients are deficient. Use of vitamins in excess may have adverse effects. Vitamin supplements are indicated in patients deficient in vitamins due to inadequate dietary intake or intestinal disease. Treatment with proper amounts of vitamins and antioxidants is best accomplished with a balanced diet including 3 servings of vegetables and 2 servings of fruits. Regarding supplementation of specific vitamins: carotene cannot be recommended in view of the possible harm and lack of benefit in clinical studies. Vitamin A (retinol) and Vitamin D should be repleted if deficient by laboratory assay. Excesses should be avoided. Vitamin A supplements, particularly in pregnancy, should not exceed 10,000 IU daily or a supplement should not exceed 25,000 units weekly. Vitamin E (alpha-tocopherol) alone in doses of 400 units is of questionable value, and larger doses may cause intracranial hemorrhage or interact negatively with lipid-lowering drugs. Vitamin E should not be used in patients who have bleeding disorders or patients on anticoagulants or acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Vitamin C (ascorbic acid) losses in urine may be excessive in diabetic patients and may require repletion to 200 mg in nonsmokers and 250 mg in smokers. Further studies are needed testing: (1) vitamin supplementation in subgroups of patients at high risk for specific complications using tissue-specific indicators of oxidative stress; (2) the role of oxidative stress in nephropathy, diabetic myocardiopathy, dermopathy, joint limitation syndromes, peripheral edema, metabolic bone disease, and pregnancy; (3) the impact of renal failure on oxidative stress; and (4) the effects of diabetes and dietary vitamins on the relative amounts of retinoids, carotenoids, and vitamin E in the chylomicron and lipoproteins, and how this affects assimilation, oxidation of lipids, and atherosclerotic plaque formation. © 2004 Medscape.
Condition-specific antepartum fetal testing; The purpose of this study was to determine the best available antepartum fetal testing methods according to the underlying pathophysiologic condition. We reviewed the current literature and our clinical experience with respect to condition-specific antepartum fetal testing. The efficacy of most antepartum tests that we use today is not supported by randomized controlled clinical trials, but from observational nonrandomized studies and expert opinion (evidence levels II or III). Based on the available evidence, the accuracy of a test depends on the underlying pathophysiologic condition. To improve accuracy, we must use condition-specific fetal testing. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Computerized cardiotocography parameters in pregnant women affected by pregestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To evaluate whether computerized CTG (cCTG) is a reliable method of predicting neonatal outcome in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes at term. Patients and methods: We considered 27 pregnant women affected by pregestational diabetes and 46 normal pregnancies as controls that fulfilled the following criteria: singleton, Caucasian, euglycemic pregnancies at term (>37 weeks gestational age). All women delivered by cesarean section (CS), with an antepartum cCTG performed within one hour before the CS and an UBGA available at birth. No patient was in labor during FHR monitoring. Results: Among cCTG parameters, accelerations 15 bpm, HV min, HV ms and STV were significantly lower in comparison to controls. We observed that in the diabetic pregnant women the parameter STV was not able to predict or to linearly regress with the most important UBGA parameters: pH and pCO2. Contrarily, in normal pregnancies, the STV linearly regressed with both the pH (p<0.03) and pCO2 (p<0.04). Conclusions: Computerized FHR criteria may not be applicable to fetuses in pregestational diabetic pregnancies at term. Therefore some criteria should perhaps be modified for a correct interpretation of cCTG in these pregnancies.
Exacerbation of underlying pulmonary disease in pregnancy; This article examines the management and outcomes of pregnant women with cystic fibrosis, primary pulmonary hypertension, and sarcoidosis. Pregnancy and the puerperium are associated with important cardiopulmonary changes that can adversely affect the clinical condition. Management of pregnant women with CF should be done with careful attention to complications of altered body weight, diabetes, and liver disease. Primary pulmonary hypertension is characterized by a progressive increase in pulmonary pressure and resistance in the absence of an identified cardiac or pulmonary cause. A multidisciplinary approach to the management of patients with primary pulmonary hypertension is of great importance for a successful maternal and fetal outcome. Good maternal and fetal outcomes are possible in women with restrictive lung disease in general and sarcoidosis in particular. The management of pregnancy, labor, and delivery are not altered by the presence of sarcoidosis.
Acute asthma in pregnancy; Asthma is one of the most common medical conditions that can complicate pregnancy. Although most pregnant women with asthma have controlled disease, some women may experience exacerbation of their disease, necessitating immediate intervention. This article discusses the interrelations between asthma and pregnancy and presents an overview on the management of pregnant women presenting to the hospital with acute severe asthma. Treating physicians must overcome the common belief that pregnant women should not take any medications during pregnancy, and they should keep asthma in pregnant women under control to minimize the risk for maternal and fetal hypoxia.
The occurrence of adverse events in women receiving continuous subcutaneous terbutaline therapy; Objective The purpose of this study was to determine the frequency of serious adverse events in patients receiving continuous subcutaneous terbutaline after arrested preterm labor. Study design Women with singleton, twin, and triplet pregnancies prescribed continuous subcutaneous terbutaline were studied. Electronic patient records were reviewed for patient tolerance of medication and serious adverse events. The primary study outcome was the frequency of serious adverse events. Results Available for analysis were 9359 patient records. Transient medication side effects were reported by 1447 (15.5%) patients. Severe adverse events were identified on 12 patients either during treatment with continuous subcutaneous terbutaline (n=4), or after discontinuation of outpatient treatment (n=8). The most frequent serious adverse event was pulmonary edema (n=9). There was no maternal mortality. Conclusion Continuous subcutaneous terbutaline infusion was associated with an extremely low incidence of serious adverse events. Patients with comorbidities and/or concomitant tocolysis with intravenous magnesium sulfate should be closely assessed for development of serious adverse events. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Changing indications for fetal echocardiography in a university center population; Objectives: We hypothesized that increased facility with fetal echocardiographic diagnosis by obstetricians is associated with changes in its indications and yields. Methods: We reviewed 300 fetal echocardiograms (December 2002-August 2003) and compared our findings with previous studies. Results: Mean maternal age was 31 ± 6 (range 16-44) years. Gestational age was 24 ± 5 weeks (mean ± SD; median 22, range 15-38). Indications for fetal echocardiography included family history of congenital heart disease (CHD) (23%), maternal diabetes (18%), obstetrical scan suspicious for CHD (13%), arrhythmia (12%) maternal rheumatologic disease (7%), extracardiac congenital anomalies (6%), chromosomal anomaly (6%) and exposure to a potential fetal teratogen (5%). High yield indications included chromosomal anomaly (47%) and a suspicious obstetrical scan (42%). Low yield indications included family history of CHD (4%) and teratogen exposure (0%), 1/7 of the patients with increased nuchal translucency had pulmonary atresia/intact ventricular septum. No anomalies were associated with the single umbilical artery. Conclusion: Indications and yields of fetal echocardiography have changed over the last decade. The frequency of an obstetrical scan suspicious for CHD has increased 2.5 to 3 times over a decade and continues to have high yield. Thus, increasing prenatal detection of CHD depends, to a large extent, on increasing the skills of obstetricians. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Investigation of depressive symptoms and analysis of related factors in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus; Aim: To investigate the prevalence of depression and analyze the related factors of depression and its adverse effect, so as to reveal the significance of prevention and treatment of depression in patients with gestational diabetes mellitus(GDM). Methods: Self-rating depression scale(SDS) was used to evaluate the depression in 50 GDM patients and 54 normal pregnant women. Inventory about the influencing factors of diabetes on the mental status of the GDM patients was investigated in written form. Meanwhile, the blood glucose, blood lipid, album/creatinie (A/C), super C-reactive protein (sCRP), insulin, heart rate and blood pressure were measured, and the status of the newborns was followed. The related factors of depression and its effect on pregnant women and neonates were analyzed. Results: The incidence rate of depression was 22% in GDM patients, significantly higher than in the pregnant women with normal glucose (7.4%). The heart rate [(101.1 ± 10.2) vs (92.4 ± 9.3) beats per minute, t = 4.211, P < 0.001], A/C[(127.3 ± 66.5) vs (13.8 ± 8.1) mg/g, t = 2.177, P < 0.05] in the depression group were significantly higher than those in the non-depression group; one hour after taking glucose, the insulin level was obviously lower than that in the non-depression group[(102.1 ± 65.2) vs (58.3 ± 32.4) mIU/L, t = 2.147, P < 0.051. The mean body mass of neonates[(3 200.4 ± 264.5) vs (3 495.5 ± 480.7) g, t = 2.321, P < 0.051 and mean length of belly band[(50.2 ± 8.3) vs (56.4 ± 7.1) cm, t = 2.056, P < 0.05] were obviously lower than those in the GDM patients without depression. The risk factors that could influence the mental status of the patients in order were the troublesome glucose monitor, fear of insulin injection, diabetes complications, transmissibility and the economic problems. The correlation analysis showed that the SDS value had significantly positive relation not only with A/C, but also with the wasting time of diabetic education, influence on the family relationship and fear of insulin injection. Conclusion: The incidence rate of depression is higher in GDM patients than in patients with normal blood glucose. GDM patients with depression have worse function of pancreatic islets and metabolic control, and depression may have adverse effect on the growth and development of fetus. The conditions of GDM patients are complicated. The possible main reasons of the incidence of depression in GDM patients are the examination and treatment of diabetes, the related costs and the elongation of time, the transmissibility of diabetes, its complications and the worry about the family relationships.
Conditions leading to pediatric cardiology consultation in a tertiary academic hospital; Objective. To determine the basis for cardiac consultations for pediatric patients in an academic hospital setting. Methods. The activities of the cardiology consultation service were tabulated for 12 months, from July 2001 to June 2002. Patients were identified from 4 sources, ie, a monthly log of patient encounters maintained by the consultation service, encounter forms submitted to the billing office, consultation notes maintained in a central file, and a departmental list of echocardiography studies. Patients who required clearance for noncardiac surgical procedures were generally evaluated in the cardiology clinic and not by the consultation service. Patient data were obtained from consultation and echocardiography reports and from hospital computer-based records for discharge summaries for inpatient admissions, emergency department encounter summaries, and laboratory reports. For each patient, consultations were tabulated as separate encounters if they occurred on different days in the emergency department, during separate admissions, or for different clinical concerns during a single admission. Results. A total of 2071 consultations were performed for 1724 patients. The age at the time of consultation was 6.6 ± 9.3 years (median: 1.2 years; range: 1 day to 60.6 years). A total of 1507 patients (87.4%) had a single consultation; 217 patients (12.6%) had multiple encounters, ranging from 2 to 9, accounting for 564 consultations (27.2%). Clinical concerns included murmurs (18.5%), cardiac function (12.7%), arrhythmias (12.7%), intercurrent illnesses among cardiac patients (11.3%), cyanosis (6.3%), syndromes (5.7%), chest pain (5.2%), syncope/dizziness (4.5%), subacute endocarditis (4.4%), follow-up evaluations of fetal diagnoses (4.3%), Kawasaki disease (3.4%), cor pulmonale (3%), recent cardiac surgery or catheterization (1.6%), cerebrovascular accidents (1.2%), and miscellaneous conditions. Four diagnoses accounted for 91% of murmur evaluations, ie, patent ductus arteriosus, ventricular septal defects, innocent murmurs, and pulmonary branch murmur of infancy. The most common murmur diagnosis in the neonatal intensive care unit was patent ductus arteriosus (68%), in the well-child nursery was ventricular septal defect (64%), and on the medical ward was innocent murmur (62%). The most common basis for evaluation of function was oncologic disease. Among patients evaluated for function, there were 3 new diagnoses of structural congenital heart disease, all involving neonates with aortic arch obstruction. Approximately two-thirds of arrhythmias were supraventricular in origin. The most common arrhythmias requiring treatment were supraventricular tachycardia and atrial flutter/fibrillation, the latter occurring mainly among older patients with structural heart disease. Diagnoses made with fetal echocardiography accounted for 14.3% of newborn consultations and included 83% of patients with cyanotic cardiac disease. Three syndromes accounted for 57% of consultations for this indication, ie, VACTERL association (vertebral anomalies, anal atresia, congenital heart disease, tracheoesophageal fistula, renal abnormality, and limb anomalies), trisomy 21, and infant of diabetic mother. Chest pain and syncope/dizziness were frequently evaluated in the emergency department and, in this setting, accounted for 13 and 10% of all evaluations and 19 and 25% of evaluations for new patients, respectively. For patients evaluated for chest pain, the most common basis was musculoskeletal/costochondritic (42%) or idiopathic (22%). There was a cardiac or pericardial basis in 11% of cases; these patients either had known heart disease associated with this complication or systemic symptoms, abnormal cardiac auscultatory findings, and electrocardiographic features of pericarditis. Syncope/dizziness most commonly had a vasovagal (50.5%) or orthostatic (24.7%) basis. There was a cardiac basis in 5.4% of cases; these patients were more likely to have symptoms associated with exercise. Although endocarditis was a frequent clinical concern (91 patients), only 3 cases were identified, involving 2 patients with structural heart disease and 1 neonate with an indwelling intracardiac catheter. Two other patients had central venous lines, intravascular thrombus, and fungemia. Kawasaki disease was the most common acquired condition leading to consultation. Cor pulmonale was most commonly screened among patients with congenital diaphragmatic hernia, chronic lung disease of prematurity, pneumonitis, reactive airway disease, or cystic fibrosis. Patients with recent cardiac surgery or cardiac catheterization typically had postpericardiotomy syndrome or complications associated with vascular access. Approximately 20% of cases of cerebrovascular accidents had a cardiac basis. Conclusions. Although a variety of conditions were assessed, some were encountered more frequently. Future educational curricula developed for cardiac training of pediatric residents should appropriately emphasize conditions necessitating consultation. Copyright © 2004 by the American Academy of Pediatrics.
Polycystic ovary syndrome, diabetes and cardiovascular disease: Risks and risk factors; Polycystic ovary syndrome is one of the most common endocrine disorders in the human, affecting approximately 10% of women of reproductive age. Although originally considered a gynaecological disorder, the syndrome is associated with a wide range of endocrine and metabolic abnormalities, including insulin resistance. Affected women are at an increased risk of developing gestational and noninsulin dependent diabetes and there is an association with cardiovascular risk factors including obesity, hypertension, dyslipidaemia, hyperhomocysteinaemia, increased intima media thickness and impaired vascular elasticity. The effect on cardiovascular mortality is currently unclear. However, in view of the proven links with diabetes and the cardiovascular risk markers, this condition should be considered within the province of physicians as well as gynaecologists.
Insulin resistance and metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome; Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a heterogeneous disorder with widespread systemic manifestations affecting 5-10% of women of reproductive age. The accompanying insulin resistance and hypeinsulinemia mark this syndrome as a prediabetic state, with high incidence of impaired glucose tolerance, gestational diabetes, and overt diabetes. Other metabolic and biochemical changes, such as hypertension and dyslipidemia, increase the risk of cardiovascular disease. Fertility may also be impaired due to anovulation, impaired implantation, and higher rates of spontaneous abortions. All of these effects may also be related to hyperinsulinemia. Metformin, as insulin-sensitizing drug, is being evaluated for its potential long-term disease-modifying effect, such as prevention of diabetes. Its use may also help restore spontaneous ovulation and improve menstrual cyclicity, improve the success rate of induction of ovulation with clomiphene citrate and FSH, and decrease the high rate of ovarian hyperstimulation and early pregnancy loss. Nevertheless, these new exiting potential benefits of metformin should be evaluated in large randomized controlled studies, and clinicians must counsel women appropriately before the initiation of metformin therapy. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
A review of 35 cases of asymmetric crying facies; A review of 35 cases of asymmetric crying facies: Congenital asymmetric crying facies (ACF) is caused by congenital hypoplasia or agenesis of the depressor anguli oris muscle (DAOM) on one side of the mouth. It is well known that this anomaly is frequently associated with cardiovascular, head and neck, musculoskeletal, respiratory, gastrointestinal, central nervous system, and genitourinary anomalies. In this article we report 35 ACF patients (28 children and 7 adults) and found additional abnormalities in 16 of them (i.e. 45%). The abnormalities were cerebral and cerebellar atrophy, mega-cisterna magna, mental motor retardation, convulsions, corpus callosum dysgenesis, cranial bone defect, dermoid cyst, spina bifida occulta, hypertelorism, micrognatia, retrognatia, hemangioma on the lower lip, short frenulum, cleft palate, low-set ears, preauricular tag, mild facial hypoplasia, sternal cleft, congenital heart defect, renal hypoplasia, vesicoureteral reflux, hypertrophic osteoarthropathy, congenital joint contractures, congenital hip dislocation, polydactyly, and umbilical and inguinal hernia. Besides these, one infant was born to a diabetic mother, and had atrial septal defect and the four other children had 4p deletion, Klinefelter syndrome, isolated CD4 deficiency and Treacher-Collins like facial appearance, respectively. Although many of these abnormalities were reported in association with ACF, cerebellar atrophy, sternal cleft, cranial bone defect, infant of diabetic mother, 4p deletion, Klinefelter syndrome, isolated CD4 deficiency and Treacher-Collins like facial appearance were not previously published.
Differential diagnosis and management of polycythemia; One percent to 5% of all newborns in the United States are polycythemic. As the venous hematocrit rises above 65%, the thickness or viscosity of whole blood also increases, potentially compromising blood flow to a variety of organs. Fortunately, relatively few infants who have neonatal polycythemia or hyperviscosity develop complications attributable to their thick blood; however, controversy and the need for continued research envelop the issue of which infants are at risk and need to be treated. This article reviews the differential diagnosis, clinical resentation, and treatment of neonatal polycythemia.
Obstetric complications of twin pregnancies; Advances in assisted reproductive technology and increases in the proportion of maternities in older women have both contributed to the steep increase in the incidence of twin pregnancies since the 1980s. Maternal and perinatal complications are higher in twins than in singleton pregnancies. A significant proportion of perinatal mortality and morbidity among twins is due to the high incidence of preterm delivery and the added complication of twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) in monochorionic twins. Monochorionic twins also have a much higher rate of perinatal mortality than dichorionic twins, the greatest risk being before fetal viability (<24 weeks gestation). Early diagnosis of twins and their chorionicity, close fetal surveillance, particularly of monochorionic twins, and prompt therapeutic intervention in TTS are necessary to reduce perinatal mortality. Intrapartum management in the hospital setting with anaesthetic and neonatal facilities, as well as critical assessment of mode of delivery, have led to better outcomes. Ultrasonography is a valuable tool in the management of twin pregnancy. This chapter briefly summarises these topics, with a particular focus on recent literature. © 2004 Published by Elsevier Ltd.
Endothelial dysfunction, inflammation, and insulin resistance: A focus on subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes; Subjects with obesity, family history of type 2 diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome, previous gestational diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, impaired glucose tolerance or impaired fasting glucose, and those with metabolic syndrome are at risk for the development of type 2 diabetes. Some of them are also at risk for cardiovascular disease, Some underlying abnormalities such as insulin resistance, endothelial dysfunction, and low-grade chronic inflammation are frequently present and closely associated in all these groups. The flow of substrates, hormones, and cytokines from visceral fat to skeletal muscle and to the endothelial cells, along with some genetic abnormalities that lead to impaired insulin action in the peripheral tissues and to impaired insulin-stimulated nitric oxide production in endothelial cells, may play a role in establishing these shared metabolic and vascular derangements. Weight loss, thiazolidinediones, and metformin improve vascular function in subjects at risk for type 2 diabetes and may prove to reduce cardiovascular events in these individuals. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc.
Polycystic ovarian syndrome. A form of the metabolic syndrome; Polycystic ovarian syndrome, with a prevalence of 5-10% the most common endocrinopathy in women of reproductive age, is more than a cosmetic or fertility problem. Due to its long-term consequences it poses a severe health problem. As insulin resistance is the core pathophysiology of PCOS it is associated with the metabolic syndrome (diabetes mellitus type II, dyslipidemia, hypertension, and atherosclerosis). The risk of myocardial infarction, stroke, or peripheral arterial occlusion is increased. In pregnant PCOS women the rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is higher. In the treatment of PCOS the collaboration of gynecology and internal medicine is necessary. A change of lifestyle with healthy food and more physical exercise as well as the use of oral antidiabetic drugs are discussed.
A case of severe diazoxide toxicity; Hyperinsulism is a rare cause of persistent hypoglycemia in the neonatal period. Therapy can be accomplished either surgically or pharmacologically. Diazoxide treatment remains the mainstay of medical therapy. Tolerance of diazoxide is usually excellent, but several adverse effects of this drug have been described. A case of severe diazoxide intoxication with fluid retention, congestive heart failure, and respiratory failure is reported. The patient was a 43-day-old infant, affected by persistent and severe hypoglycemia. After the diagnosis, hyperinsulinism was established he was treated with diazoxide (17 mg·kg-1 daily) and octreotide (12 μg·kg-1 daily). A few days later he presented with hepatomegaly, severe fluid retention, diffuse edema, congestive heart failure, and respiratory failure requiring mechanical ventilation. After introduction of ACE inhibitors he developed acute renal failure. The clinical condition worsened and he developed pulmonary hypertension requiring high-frequency oscillatory ventilation. Diazoxide was stopped on the 12th day in spite of poor control of blood sugar. During the next 5 days his hemodynamic status dramatically improved and he was weaned from catecholamines: he lost weight, had a negative fluid balance, and the edema disappeared, a normal diuresis resumed and renal function improved. Improvement of respiratory patterns and gas exchange made it possible to switch back to conventional ventilation and then to extubate the patient. Echocardiography demonstrated reduction of the PA pressure to normal and resolution of atrial enlargement. The patient was scheduled for elective subtotal pancreatectomy. Diagnosis and management of diazoxide intoxication are discussed.
A retrospective survey of perinatal risk factors of 104 living children with holoprosencephaly; Holoprosencephaly (HPE) is a brain malformation resulting from a primary defect in development of the basal forebrain during early gestation. Prenatal genetic and environmental factors and birth outcomes were described in a population of 104 children with holoprosencephaly referred to three clinical centers from 1998 through 2002. The mean child age was 4 years. Of cases karyotyped, 9% presented with a chromosomal abnormality. This study of living children with holoprosencephaly, the majority of whom are cytogenetically normal, provides new information on the subsample of children with a less severe phenotype. Most children were born at term; about 51% were microcephalic at birth. Consistent with previous research, the association between HPE and maternal history of diabetes merits further investigation. Several findings have important implications for future research. Only 22% of the children in this study sample were diagnosed with holoprosencephaly prenatally. The vast majority of children (72%) were diagnosed with HPE between birth and 1 year of age. Also, 19% of the cases referred to the Carter Centers with HPE were not confirmed on scan review. When possible, future population-based epidemiological studies should emphasize mechanisms that identify children with HPE outside of the newborn period and confirm the diagnosis by review of MRI or high quality CT brain scan. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Gender does matter in perinatal medicine; Objective: To investigate complications and outcome of pregnancies with male and female fetuses. Methods: A population-based study comparing all singleton deliveries between the years 1988 and 1999 was performed. We compared pregnancies with male vs. female fetuses. Patients with a previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from the study. Statistical analyses with the Mantel-Haenszel technique and multiple logistic regression models were performed to control for confounders. Results: During the study period there were 55,891 deliveries of male and 53,104 deliveries of female neonates. Patients carrying male fetuses had higher rates of gestational diabetes mellitus (OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.01-1.12; p = 0.012), fetal macrosomia (OR = 2.0; 95% CI 1.8-2.1; p < 0.001), failure to progress during the first and second stages of labor (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.3; p < 0.001 and OR = 1.4; 95% CI 1.3-1.5; p < 0.001, respectively), cord prolapse (OR = 1.3; 95% CI 1.1-1.6; p = 0.014), nuchal cord (OR = 1.2; 95% CI 1.1-1.2; p < 0.001) and true umbilical cord knots (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.7; p < 0.001). Higher rates of CS were found among male compared with female neonates (8.7 vs. 7.9%; OR = 1.1; 95% CI 1.06-1.16; p < 0.001). Using three multivariate logistic regression models and controlling for birth weight and gestational age, male gender was significantly associated with non-reassuring fetal heart rate patterns (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.4-1.6; p < 0.001), low Apgar scores at 5 min (OR = 1.5; 95% CI 1.3-1.8; p < 0.001) and CS (OR = 1.2; 95%CI 1.2-1.3; p < 0.001). Controlling for possible confounders like gestational diabetes, cord prolapse, failed induction, nonprogressive labor, fetal macrosomia, nuchal cord and true umbilical cord knots using the Mantel-Haenszel technique did not change the significant association between male gender and CS. Conclusion: Male gender is an independent risk factor for adverse pregnancy outcome. Copyright © 2004 S. Karger AG, Basel.
A scientific review: the role of chromium in insulin resistance.; Chromium is an essential mineral that appears to have a beneficial role in the regulation of insulin action and its effects on carbohydrate, protein and lipid metabolism. Chromium is an important factor for enhancing insulin activity. Studies show that people with type 2 diabetes have lower blood levels of chromium than those without the disease. Insulin resistance is the common denominator in a cluster of cardiovascular disease risk factors. One out of every five Americans has metabolic syndrome. It affects 40% of people in their 60s and 70s. Insulin resistance, with or without the presence of metabolic syndrome, significantly increases the risk of cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance is present in two serious health problems in women; polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) and gestational diabetes. Several studies have now demonstrated that chromium supplements enhance the metabolic action of insulin and lower some of the risk factors for cardiovascular disease, particularly in overweight individuals. Chromium picolinate, specifically, has been shown to reduce insulin resistance and to help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and type 2 diabetes. Dietary chromium is poorly absorbed. Chromium levels decrease with age. Supplements containing 200-1,000 mcg chromium as chromium picolinate a day have been found to improve blood glucose control. Chromium picolinate is the most efficacious form of chromium supplementation. Numerous animal studies and human clinical trials have demonstrated that chromium picolinate supplements are safe.
Plasma adiponectin, insulin sensitivity, and subclinical inflammation in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVE - Women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (pGDM) are at increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes and associated vasculopathy. Because increased fat mass and inflammatory processes are angiopathic risk factors, the relationship between insulin sensitivity, parameters of subclinical inflammation, and plasma concentrations of adipocytokines was investigated in pGDM both at 3 months and 12 months after delivery. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - Insulin sensitivity (through a frequently sampled intravenous glucose tolerance test) and plasma concentrations of ultrasensitive C-reactive protein (CRP), adiponectin, plasminogen activator inhibitor (PAI)-1, tumor necrosis factor-α, leptin, and interleukin-6 were measured in 89 pGDM (BMI 25.9 ± 0.5 kg/m2, age 32 ± 0.5 years) and in 19 women with normal glucose tolerance during pregnancy (NGT) (23.7 ± 0.9 kg/m 2, 31 ± 1.3 years). RESULTS - pGDM showed lower (P < 0.0001) plasma adiponectin (6.7 ± 0.2 μg/ml) than NGT (9.8 ± 0.5 μg/ml) and a decreased (P < 0.003) insulin sensitivity index (S i) and disposition index (P < 0.03), but increased plasma leptin (P < 0.003), PAI-1 (P < 0.002), and CRP (P < 0.03). After adjustment for body fat mass, plasma adiponectin remained lower in pGDM (P < 0.004) and correlated positively with Si (P < 0.003) and HDL cholesterol (P < 0.0001) but negatively with plasma glucose (2-h oral glucose tolerance test [OGTT]) (P < 0.0001), leptin (P < 0.01), CRP (P < 0.007), and PAI-1 (P < 0.0001). On regression analysis, only HDL cholesterol, postload (2-h OGTT) plasma glucose, and Si remained significant predictors of plasma adiponectin, explaining 42% of its variability. Of note, adiponectin further decreased (P < 0.05) only in insulin-resistant pGDM despite unchanged body fat content and distribution after a 1-year follow-up. CONCLUSIONS - Lower plasma adiponectin concentrations characterize women with previous GDM independently of the prevailing insulin sensitivity or the degree of obesity and are associated with subclinical inflammation and atherogenic parameters.
Clinical and developmental aspects of cardiac involvement in infant of diabetic mother; The authors evaluated the main clinical and evolutive aspects of heart involvement in the newborn of diabetic mother (IDM). We studied the files of 35 IDM in a 4 years period; they were investigated the first week of life and at 6-12 months (18 cases). Most of the patients were asymptomatic/signs of extracardiac suffering; 15 had a systolic murmur. ECG: left ventricle (LV) hypertrophy (8) and LV repolarization disturbances (19 cases). Chest X-ray: cardiomegaly (9 cases). Echocardiography: hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM), especially septal (25 cases, 71%); LV diastolic dysfunction (19-35) and normal systolic function; pulmonary hypertension (3), other congenital heart diseases (8 cases). The control revealed the alleviation of the LV walls size and LV diastolic function. The high incidence of the cardiac manifestations in IDM and the risk of occurrence of some severe problems, require a complete cardiological exam from the first few days of life and a follow-up schedule until the normalization of the cardiac parameters.
Active induction management of labor for diabetic pregnancies at term; mode of delivery and fetal outcome - A single center experience; Objectives: To evaluate the mode of delivery in diabetic pregnancies at term following induction of labor with vaginal application of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2), and to identify possible predictors of successful vaginal delivery. Patients and methods: The study group consisted of 105 women with diabetic pregnancies at term admitted for induction of labor; 84 (80%) had gestational diabetes (GDM) and 21 (20%) type 1 diabetes. Findings were compared with women who underwent elective induction of labor (n=115), and women with normal spontaneous onset of labor (n=510). Women with previous cesarean section (CS) were excluded from both study and control groups. Results: Maternal age and gravidity were significantly higher in the study group than the control groups (age: 31.4±5, 28±5.0 and 28.1±4.8 years, respectively; gravidity: 3.0±1.9, 2.5±1.6, and 2.1±1.4, respectively; P<0.001 for both) and gestational age and nulliparity rate were significantly lower (gestational age: 38.6±1.1, 40.2±1.3 and 39.3±2.7 weeks, respectively; nulliparity: 34.6, 45.2, 51.6%, respectively; P<0.002 for both). There were no between-group differences in the incidence of oligohydramnios, number of PGE2 applications used, birth weight, rate of non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern leading to CS, and rate of low 5 min Apgar score (<7). The rate of CS in the study group (18.2%) was significantly higher than in the spontaneous labor group (9%) but similar to the elective induction group (14.8%). On stepwise analysis, only nulliparity (OR 4.56, 95% CI 1.11-18.67, P=0.035) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Within the study group (R2=0.257, P=0.002), type 1 diabetes (OR 2.4, 95% CI 1.04-5.51) was independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Conclusion: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term with vaginal PGE2 is successful in approximately 82% of patients, but yields a significantly higher CS rate compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. Nulliparity and diagnosis of type 1 diabetes are independently and significantly associated with increased risk of CS. Condensation: In diabetic pregnancies, induction of labor at term is successful in 82% of patients, but yields higher CS rates compared to uncomplicated pregnancies. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Infants of diabetic mothers; Advances in the management of mothers with diabetes have reduced the rate of morbidity and mortality for their infants. Aggressive control of maternal glycemic status is warranted because most morbidities are epidemiologically and pathophysiologically closely linked to fetal hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia. Although rates of complications are lower than in previous eras, there may be a resurgence of IDMs within the next 10 years. The burgeoning public health problem of overweight and obesity in children likely will result in an increased incidence of metabolic syndrome X, characterized by insulin resistance and type II diabetes in adulthood. An early manifestation of this may be glucose intolerance during pregnancy in overweight women without diabetes. Clinicians must continue to have a high degree of suspicion for the diagnosis of diabetes during gestation and for screening the offspring of women with gestational diabetes for neonatal sequelae.
Etiology and outcome of fetuses with functional heart disease; Background. The aim of this study was to assess the etiology and outcome of fetuses with functional heart disease as detected by echocardiography. Methods. In total, 51 fetuses (median gestation age of 28.6 weeks) were included. The inclusion criteria were hydrops (n=14), pericardial effusion (PE; n = 9), tricuspid valve regurgitation (TR; n = 8), hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM; n = 7) and dilated cardiomyopathy (DCM; n = 7). Antenatal management was performed for 17 of 51 fetuses (33%): two abortions, nine digoxin administrations, three thoracocenteses, one pericardial puncture, one blood transfusion and one ascites centesis. Results. The etiology of functional heart disease was twin pregnancy in 18, fetal lung lesions in five, maternal diabetes in five, fetal anemia in four, extracardiac or chromosomal abnormalities in three, infection in three, teratoma or arteriovenous malformation in four, indomethacin administration in two, endocardial fibroelastosis in two, maternal anaphylaxia in one, idiopathic arterial calcification of infancy (IACI) in one, pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) in one, and unknown in two fetuses. There was no significant difference between fetuses with and without treatment (53% vs. 79%; p = 0.06). There were two stillbirths and 12 postnatal deaths (29%). Among 35 surviving infants, 85% were free of symptoms in the follow-up (mean 3.9 years). Conclusions. These findings indicate that a functional heart disease in utero is associated with very varying etiology and high mortality. Improved understanding of the hemodynamic findings may lead to treatment that is more successful. © Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 83 2004.
Autoimmune disease in pregnancy: Systemic lupus erythematosus and antiphospholipid syndrome; Autoimmune diseases most commonly occur in women of childbearing age. Although some conditions such as ankylosing spondylitis are more common in men, over 70% of individuals with autoimmune diseases are women. This article focuses on SLE, which is often considered to be the "classic" autoimmune disease, and antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), which is associated with pregnancy loss and placental insufficiency.
Systemic lupus erythematosus an overview for GPs; • The diagnosis of SLE can be simple, but at times SLE can masquerade as other conditions such as infection or malignancy. • A positive ANA test is not diagnostic alone of SLE; it is one of the 11 criteria, four of which are needed for definite diagnosis. • As SLE is uncommon and has very variable clinical expression, it is important that care is shared between the GP and appropriate specialists. • Management must be tailored to the individual, reserving immunosuppression for those with life threatening organ involvement. • As survival of patients with SLE has improved, managing the late manifestations of the disease and minimising the adverse effects of treatment have become a growing challenge.
Diabetes in Montana's Indians: The epidemiology of diabetes in the Indians of the Northern Plains and Canada; The prevalence of diabetes is two- to threefold higher in American Indians in Montana compared with the non-Indian population. High rates of diabetes have also been described in Canadian aboriginal populations closely related to the tribes in Montana. Diabetes in pregnancy has increased among Indian mothers and high-birth-weight babies are increasingly likely to be born to Indian mothers with diabetes in pregnancy. Over 70% of the incident cases of diabetes in youth less than 20 years of age on the reservations have the clinical characteristics of type 2 diabetes. Cardiovascular disease mortality rates are high among Indians in Montana, and the prevalence of smoking in the Indian populations of Montana and the neighboring tribes in Canada is remarkably high. Indians in Montana are more likely than non-Indians of similar age to believe that diabetes is preventable and to recall advice about diabetes risk. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc.
Adrenomedullin - What do we know 10 years since its discovery?; Adrenomedullin (ADM) is a 52-amino acid peptide with structural homology to calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) initially isolated from human pheochromocytoma. ADM is synthesized by many mammalian tissues including the adrenal medulla, endothelial and vascular smooth muscle cells, myocardium and central nervous system. ADM binds to plasma membrane receptors composed of calcitonin receptor-like receptor (CRLR), a member of serpentine receptor superfamily, and receptor activity modifying protein (RAMP) type 2 or 3. ADM has also some affinity for CGRP1 receptor composed of CRLR and RAMP1. ADM dilates blood vessels in both endothelium-dependent and independent manner and decreases systemic arterial pressure. Intrarenally administered ADM increases natriuresis by vascular and tubular mechanisms. In addition, ADM inhibits migration and proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells and attenuates myocardial remodelling by inhibiting protein synthesis in cardiomyocytes and proliferation of cardiac fibroblasts. ADM is expressed in various tissues from early stage of embryogenesis and is also synthesized in placenta, uterus and fetal membranes. Plasma ADM level is increased in arterial hypertension, acute coronary syndromes, heart failure, renal diseases and septic shock, being involved in the pathophysiology of these disorders. Experimental ADM treatment is beneficial in arterial and pulmonary hypertension, heart failure, septic shock and ischemia/reperfusion injury. Proadrenomedullin N-terminal peptide (PAMP) is another product of ADM gene which is co-secreted by ADM-producing tissues, with some effects similar and some opposite to ADM. Copyright © 2004 by Institute of Pharmacology.
Do pregnancy complications and CVD share common antecedents?; Considerable data link low birth weight, due to intrauterine growth restriction, to increased offspring risk of vascular disease in later adult life. This is considered to be the result, in part, of programming through fetal nutrition [Ref 1: Am. J. Clin. Nutr. 71 (2000) 1344S]. These data support the hypothesis that pregnancy outcome in terms of birth weight is linked to the infant's subsequent health. In contrast, much less attention has been focused on the relationship between adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as pre-eclampsia, gestational diabetes, pre-term delivery and intrauterine growth restriction, and the mother's subsequent health. Interesting data have accumulated linking the maternal vascular, metabolic and inflammatory complications of pregnancy to an increased risk of vascular disease in later life (Table 1). This paper reviews the emerging evidence to support this fascinating concept, addresses potential mechanisms and discusses potential clinical implications. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Idiopathic constriction of the fetal ductus arteriosus; Constriction of the ductus arteriosus in the fetus is well studied, but mostly secondary to maternal exposure to indomethacin or other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications, or structural cardiac lesions. We present a case of a fetus presenting with right ventricular hypertrophy secondary to an S-shaped ductus arteriosus with distal constriction diagnosed by pulsed Doppler imaging. A review of the recent English literature of similar cases is presented. Copyright © 2004 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Male fetuses and the risk of cesarean delivery; OBJECTIVE: To assess the reported increased rate of cesarean sections in women carrying male fetuses. STUDY DESIGN: A retrospective analysis of all deliveries in 2001 was performed. All singleton deliveries were enrolled. We compared fetal sex distribution in cesarean sections performed for various indications. The study had 80% power to detect a difference in the cesarean section rate in women carrying male and female fetuses. RESULTS: The overall cesarean section rate was similar in women with male or female fetuses, 19.7% and 19.1%, respectively. This lack of association was also found in specific subgroups of cesarean indications: non-reassuring fetal heart rate pattern, fetal distress, nonprogressive labor, elective cesarean, suspected macrosomia, abnormal lie and severe preeclampsia. CONCLUSION: In contrast with previous investigators, we did not find an increased risk of cesarean section in women carrying male fetuses.
Cardiovascular and renal characteristics, and responses to acute volume expansion of a rat model of diabetic pregnancy; The objective of this study was to characterize the cardiovascular and renal alterations that occur during diabetic pregnancy, and to evaluate the effect of insulin treatment in 12-14 days pregnant diabetic rats. Four groups of female Sprague Dawley rats were studied: virgin control group (NP), pregnant control group (CP), diabetic pregnant group (DP), and diabetic pregnant group with insulin treatment (DPI). Systolic arterial pressure (SAP) was increased on day 12, whereas heart rate (HR) decreased starting with day 3 in DP group of rats. DP rats exhibited marked renal hypertrophy with greater kidney weight (wt) and kidney wt/body wt ratio. Insulin treatment normalized blood glucose (BG) concentration, SAP and HR, and prevented the increase in kidney wt/body wt ratio in DPI rats. At the time of the terminal acute experiment, acute saline volume expansion (VE, 5% body wt/30 min) significantly increased renal interstitial hydrostatic pressure (RIHP), urinary sodium excretion (U NaV) and urine flow rate (V) in all groups, but the increases (Δ) were significantly attenuated in both CP (1.7 ± 0.2mmHg, 12.0 ± 1.5 μEq.min-1.g kidney wt-1 and 76.2 ± 10.9 μl.min-1.g kidney wt-1 for ΔRIHP, ΔUNaV and ΔV respectively) and DP (1.3 ± 0.1 mmHg, 6.8 ± 1.8 μEq.min-1.g kidney wt-1 and 32.3 ± 9.3 μl.min-1.g kidney wt-1 for ΔRIHP, ΔUNaV and ΔV respectively) group of rats as compared to NP (4.0 ± 0.6 mmHg, 21.6 ± 1.4 μEq.min-1.g kidney wt-1and 136.8 ± 10.5 μl.min-1.g kidney wt -1 for ΔRIHP, ΔUNaV and ΔV respectively) group of rats. Although RIHP response to VE was similar in DP and CP group of rats, the natriuretic and diuretic responses to VE were significantly lower in DP as compared to CP group of rats. Insulin treatment had no effect on RIHP response (ΔRIHP = 1.5 ± 0.3 mmHg), but restored most of the natriuretic (ΔUNaV = 15.7 ± 2.9 μEq.min -1.g kidney wt-1) and diuretic (ΔV = 100.2 ± 19.3 μl.min-1.g kidney wt-1) responses to VE in DPI as compared with CP group of rats. These data suggest that with VE, the restoration of the increase in UNaV and V with insulin treatment in diabetic pregnant rats is not mediated by changes in RIHP. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Management of Bipolar Disorder during Pregnancy and the Postpartum Period; Objective: Bipolar disorder affects 0.5%-1.5% of individuals in the United States. The typical age at onset is late adolescence or early adulthood, placing women at risk for episodes throughout their reproductive years. General guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder are available from the American Psychiatric Association, but additional issues arise when these guidelines are applied in the treatment of peripartum women. The authors summarize knowledge regarding the management of bipolar disorder during pregnancy and the postpartum period, with a focus on managing mania, hypomania, and the psychotic components of the illness. Method: An expert panel reviewed articles that address the management of bipolar disorder and the consequences of the use of mood stabilizers during pregnancy, and a consensus document was generated. Results: The treatment of bipolar disorder in pregnant women involves significant challenges. Some mood stabilizers, e.g., sodium valproate and carbamazepine, are human teratogens. On the other hand, the teratogenicity associated with lithium may have been overestimated in the past. Conclusions: Since treatment can be managed most effectively if pregnancy is planned, clinicians should discuss the issue of pregnancy and its management with every bipolar disorder patient who has childbearing potential, regardless of future reproductive plans. Additional research should address the risks of disturbed sleep to pregnant and postpartum women with bipolar disorder, as well as structural and behavioral consequences to offspring when mood stabilizers are used during pregnancy. Longitudinal and cohort studies can promote these efforts. Given the rate of bipolar disorder in the general population, research efforts will need to be broad based and include multiple collaborating centers.
Hypoadiponectinaemia in South Asian women during pregnancy: Evidence of ethnic variation in adiponectin concentration; Aims: People of South Asian descent face an increased risk of Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM) and coronary artery disease (CAD) compared with other ethnic groups. One candidate factor underlying this risk may be adiponectin, as circulating levels of this adipocyte-derived protein are reduced in both Type 2 DM and CAD. In a recent study, we assessed the relationship between adiponectin and gestational diabetes (GDM), a potential model of early events in the natural history of Type 2 DM. Here, we report the impact of ethnicity on plasma adiponectin concentration in that study. Methods: A cross-sectional study was performed in 180 women undergoing oral glucose tolerance testing in late second or early third trimester to investigate the relationship between adiponectin and glucose tolerance in pregnancy. Based on self-reported ethnicity, participants were stratified into three groups: (i) Caucasian (n = 116), (ii) South Asian (n = 31), and (iii) Asian (n = 28). Results: Median adiponectin concentration was much lower in the South Asian group (9.7 μg/ml) than in Caucasians (15.8 μg/ml) or Asians (16.1 μg/ml) (overall P < 0.0001). With adjustment for age, prepregnancy body mass index, weight gain in pregnancy, previous history of GDM, family history of DM, fasting insulin and glucose intolerance, mean adiponectin remained significantly lower among South Asians compared with either Caucasians (P < 0.0001) or Asians (P = 0.0034). Conclusions: Women of South Asian descent exhibit significantly reduced plasma concentrations of adiponectin in pregnancy compared with Caucasian and Asian counterparts. This observation raises the possibility of hypoadiponectinaemia as a potential factor contributing to the increased risk of diabetes and cardiovascular disease in South Asians.
Impaired left ventricular diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with pregestational or gestational diabetes with good glycemic control; The aim of the study: We assessed by echocardiography the left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in newborn infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational type 1 or gestational diabetes (IDM) in comparison to normal term neonates. Subjects and methods: Two-dimensional/M-mode and Doppler transmitral flow velocity measurements were performed in 18 IDM and 26 control infants of non-diabetic mothers (gestational ages 36-40 and 36-41 weeks, respectively) between days 2 and 5 after birth. In the IDM, there were nine mothers with pregestational (White class C or D) and nine mothers with gestational diabetes (White class A or A/B). Peak early and atrial filling velocity, early deceleration time, early acceleration time, early, atrial and total time velocity integrals were used to examine the left ventricular diastolic performance. We also calculated the early/atrial velocity ratio, early/atrial integral ratio and early/total integral ratio. The fractional shortening, fractional shortening area, midwall fractional shortening (mFS), left ventricular mass and indexed left ventricular mass for body surface area (BSA) and birth weight were used in assessment of left ventricular systolic performance. Results: The early deceleration time was longer, resulting in higher early integral and early filling fraction (EFF) in the IDM than in the control infants (p<0.01). In the IDM, the fractional shortening was somewhat greater and the left ventricular mass/body surface area ratio was higher than in the control group (p<0.05), although the measures of systolic performance were within the normal range. There were no significant differences in the systolic or diastolic function parameters between the gestational and pregestational groups. Conclusion: In the infants of mothers with well-controlled pregestational or gestational diabetes, we found prolonged deceleration time of early left ventricular diastolic filling, probably reflecting an impaired left ventricular relaxation rather than compliance. The mechanism for the findings may be maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester and subsequent fetal hyperinsulinaemia leading to neonatal cardiac hypertrophy. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The diabetes epidemic: A national and global crisis; Diabetes mellitus is a serious problem that will soon reach epidemic proportions in the United States and throughout the world. The incidence of this condition will skyrocket in the next quarter century as demographic changes increase the size of highly susceptible populations (e.g., the elderly and Hispanic communities) and sociocultural developments create a more sedentary populace as well as expose people in developing nations to new risk factors for this disease. Along with substantial direct morbidity and mortality, diabetes is independently associated with the incidence and severity of a variety of cardiovascular illnesses. Individuals with diabetes are substantially more likely than their nondiabetic counterparts to suffer stroke, myocardial infarction, or heart failure, with a worse prognosis following any of these conditions. Many factors may be relevant to this association, but recent studies have elucidated a major role for the metabolic syndrome, which has been shown to be predictive of both diabetes and cardiovascular disease. Consequently, early intervention to control blood glucose levels and other risk factors may mitigate the severity of these conditions, possibly even before the disease begins. © 2004 by Excerpta Medica, Inc.
Congenital Heart Disease in Infants of Diabetic Mothers: Echocardiographic Study; Our objective was to study neonates born to insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) mothers to detect the spectrum of congenital hearl disease (CHD). Between July 2000 and June 2001, a prospective study of 100 consecutive infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) at King Khalid University Hospital in Riyadh was undertaken. Family and maternal history, physical examination with special attention to the cardiovascular system, and echocardiography were performed. A total of 100 consecutive IDMs examined. The most common echocardiographic findings were patent ductus arteriosus (PDA; 70%), patent foramen ovale (68%), atrial septal defect (5%), small muscular ventricular septal defect (4%), mitral valve prolapse (2%), and pulmonary stenosis (1%). Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCMP) was observed in 38% of cases, mainly hypertrophy of the interventricular septum. Severe forms of CHD encountered were D-transposition of great arteries, tetralogy of Fallot, and hypoplastic left heart syndrome (1% each). Isolated aortic stenosis and coarctation of aorta were not encountered in this series. Overall incidence of congenital heart disease was 15% after excluding PDA and HCMP. Maternal IDDM is a significant risk factor for CHD. Careful evaluation and early diagnosis of CHD in this high-risk group are highly indicated. There is a need for development of prenatal screening programs for CHD in our population.
What does postprandial hyperglycaemia mean?; Aims: The potential importance of postprandial glucose (PPG) control in the development of complications in Type 2 diabetes is much debated. The recent American Diabetes Association (ADA) consensus statement discussed the role of postprandial hyperglycaemia in the pathogenesis of diabetic complications and concluded that the relationship between PPG excursions and the well-established risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD) should be further examined. Using the ADA statement as a starting point and including the more recent American College of Endocrinology guidelines on glycaemic control, a panel of experts in diabetes met to review the role of PPG within the context of the overall metabolic syndrome, in the development of complications in Type 2 diabetes. Results: Post-prandial hyperglycaemia is a risk indicator for micro- and macrovascular complications, not only in patients with Type 2 diabetes but also in those with impaired glucose tolerance. In addition, the metabolic syndrome confers an increased risk of CVD morbidity and mortality. The debate focused on the relative contributions of postprandial hyperglycaemia, the metabolic syndrome and, in particular, raised triglyceride levels in the postprandial state, to the development of cardiovascular complications of diabetes. Conclusions: The panel recommended that in the prevention and management of microvascular complications of Type 2 diabetes, targeting both chronic and acute glucose fluctuations is necessary. Lowering the macrovascular risk also requires control of (postprandial) triglyceride levels and other components of the metabolic syndrome.
Sacrococcygeal Teratoma: Prenatal Assessment, Fetal Intervention, and Outcome; Purpose: To understand the natural history and define indications for fetal intervention in sacrococcygeal teratoma (SCT), the authors reviewed all cases of fetal SCT presenting for evaluation. Methods: Prenatal diagnostic studies including ultrasound scan, magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), echocardiography and pre- and postnatal outcomes were reviewed in 30 cases of SCT that presented between September 1995 and January 2003. Results: The mean gestational age (GA) at presentation was 23.9 weeks (range, 19 to 38.5) with 3 sets of twins (10%). Overall outcomes included 4 terminations, 5 fetal demises, 7 neonatal deaths, and 14 survivors. Significant obstetric complications occurred in 81% of the 26 continuing pregnancies: polyhydramnios (n = 7), oligohydramnios (n = 4), preterm labor (n = 13), preeclampsia (n = 4), gestational diabetes (n = 1), HELLP syndrome (n = 1), and hyperemesis (n = 1), Fetal intervention included cyst aspiration (n = 6), amnioreduction (n = 3), amnioinfusion (n = 1), and open fetal surgical resection (n = 4). Indications for cyst aspiration and amnioreduction were maternal discomfort, preterm labor, and prevention of tumor rupture at delivery. Although 15 SCTs were solid causing risk for cardiac failure, only 4 fetuses met criteria for fetal debulking based on ultrasonographic and echocardiographic evidence of impending high output failure and favorable anatomy at 21, 23.6, 25, and 26 weeks' gestation. Intraoperative events included maternal blood transfusion (n = 1), fetal blood transfusion (n = 2), chorioamniotic membrane separation (n = 2), and fetal arrest requiring successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) (n = 1). In the fetal resection group, 3 of 4 survived with mean GA at delivery of 29 weeks (range, 27.6 to 31.7 weeks), mean birth weight of 1.3 kg, hospital stay ranging from 16 to 34 weeks, and follow-up ranging from 20 months to 6 years. Postnatal complications in the fetal surgery group included neonatal death (n = 1, secondary to premature closure of ductus arteriosus with cardiac failure), embolic event (n = 1, resulting in unilateral renal agenesis, jejunal atresia), chronic lung disease (n = 1), and tumor recurrence (n = 1). Conclusions: For fetal SCT, the rapidity at which cardiac compromise can develop and the high incidence of obstetric complications warrant close prenatal surveillance. Amnioreduction, cyst aspiration, and surgical debulking are potentially life-saving interventions. © 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Diabetes mellitus type 2, a world-wide epidemic; Diabetes mellitus is becoming one of the major health problems of the 21st century. The actual status of the epidemiology of diabetes type 2 and its implications on public health are discussed. Following items are presented: diagnostic criteria, size of the problem, epidemiology of diabetes type 2 in Belgium, the importance of complications for public health, possibilities for prevention of diabetes type 2. Diagnostic criteria have recently been adapted by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Up to now, diabetes is one of the most frequent non-infectious diseases on a worldwide scale; it rises as well in industrialised as in developing and newly industrialised countries. This increase is not only due to demographic changes, improved treatment and consequently a better survival of patients with diabetes, but also to an increase in classical risk factors for diabetes type 2 development i.e. increasing obesity (also in youth), lack of physical activity and unhealthy eating habits. This is documented with own research. The relatively scarce data on epidemiology of diabetes type 2 itself in Belgium are discussed. Long-term complications of diabetes type 2 occur mainly in the cardiovascular field: ischaemic heart diseases are the most important cause of death in patients. Recently a number of studies have revealed the possibility of preventing the development of diabetes type 2 in high-risk individuals.
Inferior vena cava thrombosis presenting as non-immune hydrops in the fetus of a woman with diabetes; We present a rare case of non-immune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) caused by a thrombus in the inferior vena cava in a neonate with low levels of anti-thrombin III. The diagnosis of (NIHF) was made in utero in a 43-year-old woman with poorly controlled gestational diabetes who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia. Cesarean section was performed due to fetal compromise and worsening pre-eclampsia. The thrombus resolved after neonatal treatment with heparin. Copyright © 2003 ISUOG. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Medical Treatment of Ulcerative Colitis; Ulcerative colitis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the colon with an increasing incidence worldwide. The medical management of this disease continues to expand as drugs to induce and maintain remission are sought to avoid the need for colectomy. This article will review the standard of care for the treatment of mild, moderate, and severe ulcerative colitis. The efficacy, optimal usage, and adverse events profile of agents such as 5-aminosalicylates, corticosteroids, azathioprine, and cyclosporine will be discussed and an algorithm for their use will be developed. Alternative and experimental therapies such as monoclonal antibodies, probiotics, and heparin will also be addressed.
Concepts of neonatal care of the infant of the diabetic mother; While many infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) have an uneventful prenatal course, there is still an increased rate of perinatal/neonatal complications compared to the infant born to the non-diabetic mother. Of all of the factors influencing neonatal morbidity in the diabetic pregnancy, the most significant remains gestational age. Maintenance of as normal a maternal metabolic state as possible will diminish but not eradicate the increased potential for perinatal and neonatal complications. The more appropriate the weight of the neonate relative to its gestational age, the greater the chance of successful management in a regular nursery setting.
Maternal and fetal outcome in valvular heart disease; Objectives: To compare the pregnancy outcomes of women having valvular heart disease with the pregnancy outcomes of healthy women. Methods: A retrospective comparison of the maternal and fetal pregnancy outcomes of 312 women with valvular heart disease and 321 healthy women cared for at a tertiary care hospital during the same period. Statistical analysis was done using the χ2-test, with significance fixed at 0.05. Results: Women with valvular heart disease had a significantly higher incidence of surgical interventions during pregnancy than women in the control group [13.4% (balloon mitral valvotomy) vs. 0.6% (ovarian cystectomy)], congestive heart failure (5. 1% vs. 0%, P<0.001), and mortality [0.64% (two women) vs. 0%]. Perinatal outcome was also more adverse in the valvular heart disease group than in the control group, with increased preterm delivery rate (48.3% vs. 20.5%), reduced birth weight (2434±599 g vs. 2653±542 g; P<0.001), and a higher incidence of APGAR scores less than 8 (8.3% vs. 4%; P<0.01). There was also a higher rate of instrumental delivery (9.9% vs. 3.4%). However, the rate of cesarean deliveries was similar in the two groups. Conclusions: Pregnancy in women with valvular heart disease is associated with significantly higher maternal morbidity and adverse fetal outcomes and requires a team approach for optimal management. © 2003 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress in normal pregnancy and pregnancies complicated by diabetes; The purpose of the present study was to determine changes in plasma lipids and markers of oxidative stress longitudinally in pregnancy complicated by diabetes compared with non-diabetic pregnancy. This was carried out by following a group of normal pregnant women (n = 17) and groups of pregnant women with Type I diabetes (n = 19), Type II diabetes (n = 12) and gestational diabetes mellitus (n = 12) throughout pregnancy, with sampling carried out at the end of each trimester. Serum total cholesterol and triacylglycerols (triglycerides) were determined using standard colorimetric techniques and low-density lipoprotein (LDL) subfraction profile by disc PAGE. Total antioxidant capacity (TAC) was determined by enhanced chemiluminescence and lipid hydroperoxides by the ferrous oxidation of Xylenol Orange method. Total cholesterol and triacylglycerols increased significantly throughout pregnancy in all groups, but there were no significant differences between normal and diabetic women with respect to either. The LDL score was significantly higher (P < 0.001) in diabetic women compared with normal women at each point throughout pregnancy, although there were no significant differences between the diabetic groups. There was evidence of greater oxidative stress in diabetic compared with normal women throughout. Corrected TAC was significantly lower (P < 0.001) in all diabetic women throughout pregnancy. In addition, lipid hydroperoxides were higher in all diabetic compared with normal women, particularly so in those with Type II diabetes (P < 0.05). These changes may have important implications for diabetic women during pregnancy, as an elevated risk of pre-eclampsia is thought to reflect an oxidative stress-related mechanism. In addition, these changes may have important implications for the development of atherosclerosis and the long-term cardiovascular health of women with diabetes.
Altered placental oxidative stress status in gestational diabetes mellitus; Oxidative stress has been clearly linked to type 2 diabetes mellitus, however, limited data are available on the involvement of oxidative stress in gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), a disease of similar pathophysiology. The aim of this study was to investigate the status of placental oxidative stress in healthy pregnant women and women with GDM. The hypothesis to be tested was that tissue markers of oxidative stress are significantly increased in GDM compared to normal placental tissues. Markers of oxidative stress measured were the release of 8-isoprostane (8-epi-prostaglandin F2α) from human term placental explants (n=11), the activity of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase (n=10), and protein carbonyl content (n=12). Placental release of 8-isoprostane was 2-fold greater from women with GDM (P<0.001) compared to healthy pregnant women. Superoxide dismutase activity and protein carbonyl content were elevated in placentae obtained from women with GDM (P<0.04 and P<0.004 respectively), whilst there was no significant difference in the activity of glutathione peroxidase. These data demonstrate the presence of oxidative stress in the placenta from women with GDM, in addition to the induction of a key antioxidant, collectively indicating a state of existing oxidative stress in this condition. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Adverse effect of obesity on red cell membrane arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids in gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. Gestational diabetes is a metabolic disorder affecting 2-5% of women and is a predictor of obesity, Type 2 diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Insulin resistance, a characteristic of gestational diabetes and obesity, is correlated with the fatty acids profile of the red cell and skeletal muscle membranes. We investigated the plasma and red cell fatty acid status of gestational diabetes. The effect of obesity on membrane fatty acids was also examined. Methods. Fasting blood obtained at diagnosis was analysed for the fatty acids in plasma choline phosphoglycerides and red cell choline and ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Results. There were reductions in arachidonic acid (controls 10.74±2.35 vs gestational diabetes 8.35±3.49, p<0.01) and docosahexaenoic acid (controls 6.31± 2.67 vs gestational diabetes 3.25±2.00, p<0.0001) in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides in gestational diabetes. A similar pattern was found in the ethanolamine phosphoglycerides. Moreover, the arachidonic and docosahexaenoic acids depletion in the red cell choline phosphoglycerides was much greater in overweight/obese gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid= 7.49±3.37, docosahexaenoic acid=2.98±2.18, p<0.01) compared with lean gestational diabetes (arachidonic acid=10.03±2.74, docosahexaenoic acid=4.18±1.42). Conclusion/interpretation. Apparently normal plasma choline phosphoglycerides fatty acids profile in the gestational diabetic women suggested that membrane lipid abnormality is associated specifically with perturbation in the membrane. The fact that the lipid abnormality is more pronounced in the outer leaflet of the membrane where most of receptor binding and enzyme activities take place might provide an explanation for the increased insulin resistance in gestational diabetes and obesity.
Alternative parameters for echocardiographic assessment of fetal diastolic function; Alternative methods to assess ventricular diastolic function in the fetus are proposed. Fetal myocardial hypertrophy in maternal diabetes was used as a model of decreased left ventricular compliance (LVC), and fetal respiratory movements as a model of increased LVC. Comparison of three groups of fetuses showed that, in 10 fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with septal hypertrophy (SH), the mean excursion index of the septum primum (EISP) (ratio between the linear excursion of the flap valve and the left atrial diameter) was 0.36 ± 0.09, in 8 FDM without SH it was 0.51 ± 0.09 (P = 0.001), and in the 8 normal control fetuses (NCF) it was 0.49 ± 0.12 (P = 0.003). In another study, 28 fetuses in apnea had a mean EISP of 0.39 ± 0.05 which increased to 0.57 ± 0.07 during respiration (P < 0.001). These two studies showed that the mobility of the septum primum was reduced when LVC was decreased and was increased when LVC was enhanced. Mean pulmonary vein pulsatility was higher in 14 FDM (1.83 ± 1.21) than in 26 NCF (1.02 ± 0.31; P = 0.02). In the same fetuses, mean left atrial shortening was decreased (0.40 ± 0.11) in relation to NCF (0.51 ± 0.09; P = 0.011). These results suggest that FDM may have a higher preload than normal controls, probably as a result of increased myocardial mass and LV hypertrophy. Prenatal assessment of LV diastolic function by fetal echocardiography should include analysis of septum primum mobility, pulmonary vein pulsatility, and left atrial shortening.
Long-term risks of polycystic ovaries syndrome; The prevalence of the polycystic ovaries syndrome (PCOS) is high but it is a heterogeneous disorder with implications in numerous medical domains. Abdominal obesity and insulin resistance, which are the main metabolic disorders, are strong links between hormonal abnormalities and long-term medical consequences. The latter begin to be better understood. Some studies suggest that PCOS may increase the risk for several conditions, including type 2 diabetes, dyslipidemia, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and some cancers. © 2003 Publié par Elsevier SAS.
Plasma cell membrane glycoprotein 1 (PC-1): A marker of insulin resistance in obesity, uremia and diabetes mellitus; Insulin resistance is a characteristic feature of obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus, but it is also present in up to 25% of healthy nonobese individuals. The molecular mechanisms causing insulin resistance are not yet fully understood. Recently, overexpression of several potential inhibitors of the insulin receptor tyrosine-kinase activity, a key step in insulin signaling, has been described in insulin-resistant subjects. PC-1 is expressed in many tissues and inhibits insulin signaling either at the level of the insulin receptor or downstream at a postreceptor site. An elevated PC-1 content in insulin target tissues may play an important role in the development of insulin resistance in obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus. A polymorphism in PC-1 has been demonstrated to be associated with insulin resistance. This was a DNA polymorphism in exon 4 that causes an amino acid change from lysine to glutamine at codon 121 (K121Q). PC-1 121Q allele might predispose independently of other well established risk factors for early myocardial infarction. Testing for the PC-1 K121Q polymorphism might be valuable in patients with a family history of atherosclerotic vascular disease and myocardial infarction. There is growing evidence that genetic factors play an important role in the development of diabetic nephropathy (DN). Efforts to identify these factors rely primarily on the candidate gene approach; candidate genes for insulin resistance may be considered candidates for DN as well. In a stratified analysis according to duration of diabetes, the risk of early-onset end-stage renal disease (ESRD) for carriers of the Q variant was 2.3 times that for noncarriers. The cellular mechanisms for the insulin resistance of pregnancy and gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) are unknown. Women with GDM have an increased PC-1 content and excessive phosphorylation of serine/threonine residues in muscle insulin receptors. The postreceptor defects in insulin signaling may contribute to the pathogenesis of GDM and the increased risk for type 2 diabetes later in life. Although widely explored, the true cause of insulin resistance in uremic patients is not entirely elucidated yet. During the last decade it was found that erythropoietin (EPO) therapy, used for correction of anemia in patients with end stage renal failure, ameliorates insulin resistance. An increased lymphocyte PC-1 activity over control was found in hemodialysis patients. A two-month EPO therapy significantly decreased PC-1 activity to the control values, suggesting that an effect on PC-1 expression could be implicated in the amelioration of insulin resistance in uremic patients treated with EPO. Current investigations implicate that therapeutic modification of PC-1 expression would be of great benefit for insulin-resistant type 2 diabetics. Metformin, a biguanide oral antidiabetic agent, was shown to affect insulin resistance by decreasing enzymatic activity of overexpressed PC-1 molecules in obese type 2 diabetics. Thiazolidinedione (TZD) insulin-sensitizing drugs are a class of compounds that improve insulin action in vivo. Treatment of patients with TZDs seems to have a beneficial effect on most, if not all, components of metabolic syndrome. TZDs have also been used in the treatment of nondiabetic human insulin-resistant states, and have demonstrated an improvement in insulin sensitivity. Although much remains to be learned about PPAR γ receptor and TZD action, the advent of TZD insulin-sensitizing agents has an enormous impact on our understanding of insulin resistance. The great potential of insulin resistance therapy illuminated by the TZDs will continue to catalyze research in this area directed toward the discovery of new insulin-sensitizing agents that work through other mechanisms.
Ductus venosus flow and myocardial hypertrophy in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Objective: To test the hypothesis that the pulsatility index of ductus venosus (PIDV) is greater in the fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM) with myocardial hypertrophy (MH) than in the FDM with no MH and in the control fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (FNDM). Comparing the results with mitral and tricuspid diastolic peak flows. Methods: The cross-sectional study included fetuses with gestational ages ranging from 20 weeks to term, divided into the following 3 groups: 56 FDM with MH (group I), 36 FDM with no MH (group II), and 53 FNDM (group III, control). The Doppler echocardiogram assessed the PIDV through the ratio (systolic velocity - presystolic velocity)/mean velocity. The mitral and tricuspid E and A waves were also assessed. Results: The mean PIDV in groups I, II, and III, were 1.13 ± 0.64, 0.84 ± 0.38, and 0.61 ± 0.17, respectively. Using ANOVA and the Tukey test, a statistically significant difference was found in the 3 groups (P = 0.015 between groups I and II; P < 0,001 between groups I and III; and P = 0.017 between groups II and III), The mean mitral E wave was significantly greater in group I (0.39 ± 0.12 m/s) than in groups II (0.32 ± 0.08 m/s) (P = 0.024) and III (0.32 ± 0.08 m/s) (P = 0.023). The mean tricuspid E wave was also greater in group I (0.43 ± 0.1 m/s) than in group III (0.35 ± 0.10 m/s) (P = 0.031). Conclusion: The PIDV is significantly greater in FDM with MH than in FDM with no MH and in FNDM. Because the PIDV may represent modifications in ventricular compliance, this index may be a more sensitive parameter for assessing fetal diastolic function.
Latin American consensus on diabetes mellitus and hypertension; Diabetes mellitus and hypertension, responsible of a major burden of cardiovascular complications, are increasing their incidence in Latin America in similar proportions to the rest of the world. The metabolic syndrome, a strong predictor of both diabetes and hypertension deserves more attention from the primary care physicians. Evidence based and updated guidelines on detection, prevention and treatment of diabetes and hypertension, issued by local experts, are willing to inform and translate these recommendations to the clinical practice of physicians assisting these patients throughout Latin America. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Factors predisposing to pre-eclampsia in women with gestational diabetes; Background: Lipid abnormalities occur before the onset of pre-eclampsia but their role in its pathogenesis is unclear. We tested the hypothesis that lipid abnormalities precede and contribute to the development of pre-eclampsia using women with gestational diabetes (GDM) as a focus population. Methods: One hundred and eighty-four women with a diagnosis of GDM were studied. Anthropometry, blood pressure, fasting lipids, glucose homeostasis, markers of inflammation and endothelial damage were measured and family history of disease was assessed to determine those measures at diagnosis of GDM that best predicted the development of pre-eclampsia. Results: Twelve percent of women with GDM developed pre-eclampsia. At diagnosis of GDM, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides were not different in women who subsequently developed pre-eclampsia (GDM-PE). GDM-PE had elevated body mass index, blood pressure, fasting glucose, insulin, uric acid, and C-reactive protein (CRP), which have all been linked with the 'metabolic syndrome'. They had a greater degree of microalbuminuria and more frequently reported a family history of hypertension and maternal gestational diabetes. In logistic regression, the significant independent predictors for developing pre-eclampsia were fasting glucose, CRP, a family history of hypertension and the proband's mother having gestational diabetes. Conclusion: The results suggest that, in GDM, increased severity of insulin resistance and related features of the 'metabolic syndrome', rather than lipid abnormalities, are precursors to the development of pre-eclampsia and hence are likely to be implicated in the pathophysiology of this disorder. Moreover, these women are likely to be at particularly high risk of long-term cardiovascular disease and Type 2 diabetes. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Study of global left atrial shortening in fetuses of diabetic mothers; Objective: To test the hypothesis that left atrial shortening fraction is lower in fetuses of diabetic mothers than in fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease. Methods: Forty-two fetuses of mothers with previous diabetes or gestational diabetes and 39 healthy fetuses of mothers with no systemic disease (controls) underwent echocardiographic examination. Their gestational ages ranged from 25 weeks to term. The left atrial shortening fraction was obtained with the following formula: (left atrial maximum diameter - left atrial minimum diameter)/left atrial maximum diameter. Data were compared using the Student t test, with an alpha level of 0.05. Results: Mean left atrial shortening fractions in fetuses of diabetic mothers and in those in the control group were 0.39±0.15 and 0.51±0.11, respectively. This difference was significant with P < 0.001. Conclusion: Left atrial dynamics, with a reduction in global left atrial shortening, is increased in fetuses of diabetic mothers. We speculate that this parameter may be useful in assessing fetal left ventricular diastolic function.
Insulin therapy - Role beyond glucose control; Larger studies had shown improved patient outcome and lower probability of coronary artery disease in insulin treated groups. The classical lipid abnormalities associated with type 2 diabetes are low HDL-cholesterol concentration and high triglyceride concentration. Insulin usage leads to a decrease in triglyceride concentration, primarily by its effect on the enzyme adipose tissue lipoprotein lipase. Insulin suppresses the enzyme, thereby controlling lipolysis in uncontrolled diabetes. Insulins therapy also improves the endothelial dysfunction especially in people with evident macrovascular complications. Though insulin is noted to increase adrenergic tone and may cause elevation of blood pressure, still patients with insulinoma do not have high blood pressure. Some studies suggest weight gain with insulin therapy, others contradict it. One study suggests that insulin does not affect treatment satisfaction. Insulin is known to improve the glycaemic scenario and also the insulin secretory pattern by reducing the glucotoxicity.
Association between Gestational Diabetes and Pregnancy-induced Hypertension; Gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension are common, and their relation is not well understood. The authors conducted a population-based case-control study using 1992-1998 Washington State birth certificate and hospital discharge records to investigate this relation. Consecutive cases of pregnancy-induced hypertension were divided into four groups based on International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Revision codes: eclampsia (n = 154), severe preeclampsia (n = 1,180), mild preeclampsia (n = 5,468), and gestational hypertension (n = 8,943). Cases were compared with controls who did not have pregnancy-induced hypertension (n = 47,237). Gestational diabetes was more common in each case group (3.9% in eclamptics, 4.5% in severe preeclamptics, and 4.4% in both mild preeclamptics and those with gestational hypertension) than in controls (2.7%). After adjustment for body mass index, age, ethnicity, parity, and prenatal care, gestational diabetes was associated with increased risk of severe preeclampsia (odds ratio (OR) = 1.5, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.1, 2.1), mild preeclampsia (OR = 1.5, 95% CI: 1.3, 1.8), and gestational hypertension (OR = 1.4, 95% CI: 1.2, 1.6). Gestational diabetes was more strongly associated with pregnancy-induced hypertension among women who received less prenatal care (OR = 4.2 for eclampsia and OR = 3.1 for severe preeclampsia, p < 0.05 for both) and among Black women (OR for eclampsia and preeclampsia together = 3.9, p < 0.05).
Insulin resistance in polycystic ovary syndrome; With a prevalence of 5-10% the polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) is a common disorder of premenopausal women. According to prospective studies abnormal glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus present in about 10.0% and 35.0% of adult women with PCOS, respectively. PCOS patients have a higher prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors such as hypertension and dyslipidaemia. The rate of spontaneous abortions as well as the risk of developing gestational diabetes is increased in PCOS. Therefore, PCOS is not only a reproductive problem, but a complex endocrine disease with important health implications. The role of glucose metabolism in PCOS, the health consequences and possible interventions are reviewed in this article.
Levels of Alpha-Fetoprotein during Pregnancy and Early Infancy in Normal and Disease States; Alpha-fetoprotein (AFP) was 1 of the first serum protein markers to serve in the dual capacities of tumor marker and fetal defect marker, ie, an oncofetal protein, in the clinical laboratory. Although the serum-marker capacity of AFP has long been used, less is known of the fluid compartments of this oncofetal protein during fetal and perinatal development. In this review, the biologic activities of AFP are discussed in light of its presence in the various biologic fluid compartments: fetal serum, amniotic fluid, cord blood, urine, and maternal serum. AFP concentrations within the biologic fluids are considered in the context of gestational age, sex, body weight, and anatomic location. Discussion follows concerning the relationships and roles of AFP in various developmental disorders such as hypothyroidism, folate deficiencies, autoimmune disorders, acquired immunodeficiency disorder (AIDS), congenital heart defects, cystic fibrosis, preeclampsia/hypertension, and platelet aggregation disorders. Based on its presence in so many types of birth defects, malformations, and congenital anomalies, AFP can be seen to serve as a form of molecular "duct tape" during pregnancy and postnatal development.
New aspects in placental drug transfer; The human placenta Is the interface between the mother and fete in the uterus. Until recently it was generally believed that the uterus provides a protective environment for the fetus. It is now accepted that any chemical substance, including any therapeutic agent, administered to a mother is able to permeate across the placental barrier. Unfortunately, the placental transfer of substances and their distribution in the placenta Is not weft established. Understanding the structure of placental transporters and their function rnay serve as the ideal tool for drug development and the cure of mother and fetus during pregnancy.
Birthweight, rapid growth, cancer, and longevity: A review; The fetal growth restriction hypothesis states that retarded growth in utero promotes health problems later in life. While most of the studies on intrauterine growth retardation (as measured by birth-weight) confirm this hypothesis, many researchers have found flaws in these studies. In addition, many studies have found either no correlation or a positive relation between birthweight (BW) and adult blood pressure or mortality. Furthermore, high BW leads to greater adult obesity and chronic disease, and increasing macrosomia in newborns raises the risk for birth-related problems. Increased cancer risk is also tied to higher BW, and catch-up or accelerated growth generally has negative health effects. Adult height has been found to correlate with greater BW and birthlength (BL), and several studies have found an inverse relation between height and longevity. Paradoxical findings, such as lower BW and low levels of cardiovascular disease in the developing world, are presented. Within 25 years, genetic engineering will allow in utero alterations to the fetus, resulting in higher BW and taller adults. The authors suggest that increased BW leading to larger adult body size has dangerous implications in terms of human health and survival.
New developments in perinatal echocardiography; The development of fetal echocardiography has been immense during the past two decades. Now, not only is the purpose of the examination the correct prenatal diagnosis of severe, combined congenital heart disease, but also an expert echocardiographer can help to evaluate many other perinatal problems. Fetal echocardiography plays an important role in the evaluation of intrauterine growth restriction, diabetic pregnancy and malformations of other organs, and in the diagnosis and follow-up/treatment of fetal anemias and fetal hydrops. In spite of these new applications of fetal echocardiography, training programs for the screening of fetal heart abnormalities are of the utmost importance and could improve perinatal morbidity and mortality for fetuses with congenital heart abnormalities.
Impact of an integrated approach to diabetes care at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service; Aims: To describe the effectiveness of an integrated primary-secondary care diabetes clinic on metabolic control among indigenous patients in a rural community Methods: A retrospective audit of attendance to the clinic over 2 years (2 August 1999 to 31 August 2001). The service included a weekly specialist diabetes clinic integrated with the primary care team at the Rumbalara Aboriginal Health Service, Mooroopna, Victoria, Australia. Between clinics, follow up was provided by the Aboriginal health worker and other members of the integrated care team. Of the 47 patients seen, 20 had an HbA1c persistently ≥9.0% (of 21 patients identified in the community) and seven had gestational diabetes. Results: Among 40 patients without gestational diabetes, microalbuminuria or proteinuria were present in 62%, retinopathy was present in 50%, neuropathy was present in 50% and at least one past cardiac or vascular event/ surgical procedure had occurred in 25%. Of these, the 30 patients seen more than once increased their self glucose monitoring (baseline (53.3%) vs. last visit (90%); P = 0.003) and reduced their HbA1c (10.4 ± 2.2% vs. 7.9 ± 1.9%; P < 0.001), systolic blood pressure (138 ± 20 vs. 127 ± 18 mmHg; P = 0.003) and diastolic blood pressure (78 ± 11 vs. 73 ± 12 mmHg; P = 0.037) and total cholesterol (6.1 ± 1.7 vs. 5.1 ± 1.6 mmol/L; P = 0.002), but not their weight, smoking or triglycerides. Conclusion: The introduction of an integrated diabetes care service in an Aboriginal health service can overcome many of the pre-existing barriers to achieving metabolic targets. Poor metabolic control in Aboriginal patients is often due to lack of resources and inappropriateness of approach, rather than 'compliance'.
Diabetes among Alaska Natives: a review.; This review summarizes the published information on diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes among Alaska Natives. The most recently published age-adjusted prevalence was 28.3/1000 in 1998. There is evidence of a steadily increasing prevalence, documented both by cross sectional screening studies and patient registry methods. The overall incidence rates in 1986-1998 of lower extremity amputation (6.1/1000) and renal replacement therapy (2.1/1000) appear to be lower than those in other Native American populations in the United States. Incidence of stroke and MI in 1986-1998 varied widely by ethnic group and gender with Eskimo women having the highest rate of stroke (19.6/1000), and Aleut men the highest rate of MI (14/1000). The overall mortality among diabetic Alaska Native people in 1986-1993 (43.2/1000) was somewhat lower than that in other US diabetic populations, with heart disease being the most common cause of death. A high rate of gestational diabetes (6.7%) was reported in one region in 1987-88, but this appeared to decline following nutritional education intervention. In screening studies, the prevalence of abnormal glucose tolerance has been found to be positively associated with body mass index and negatively associated with daily seal oil or salmon consumption and higher levels of physical activity. Observations on the prevalence and relationships among other factors in the insulin resistance syndrome are summarized. Suggestions for prevention of diabetes and further studies are presented.
Pregnancy: A stress test for life; Purpose of review: This review describes how the physiological demands of pregnancy act as a maternal stress test that can predict a woman's health in later life. Pregnancy transiently catapults a woman into a metabolic syndrome that predisposes to vascular endothelial dysfunction. Women who are already predisposed to this phenotype develop gestational hypertension or diabetes mellitus, which re-emerge in later life as the metabolic syndrome returns. Pregnancy can also temporarily unmask sub-clinical disease, which may return in later life when the effects of ageing diminish the limited reserves of a vulnerable organ. Recent findings: Recent studies have attempted to assess how gestational syndromes affect the risk for a woman of developing a diverse range of diseases in later life. As well as cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus, pregnancy can reveal a vulnerability to thyroid and pituitary disorders, liver and renal disease, depression, thrombosis and even cancer. Summary: Although our knowledge of this phenomenon is incomplete, women who have had gestational syndromes, in particular pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia or gestational diabetes, should make lifestyle changes that will reduce their risk of cardiovascular disease in later life. © 2003 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Pulmonary Vein Pulsatility in Fetuses of Diabetic Mothers. Prenatal Doppler Echocardiographic Study; Objective - To verify the hypothesis that the pulmonary vein pulsatility index is higher in fetuses of diabetic mothers than it is in normal fetuses of nondiabetic mothers. Methods - Twenty-fourfetuses of mothers with either gestational or previous diabetes (cases), and 25 normal fetuses of mothers without systemic disease (control) were examined. Fetuses were examined through prenatal Doppler and color flow mapping. The pulmonary vein pulsatility index was obtained by placing the pulsed Doppler sample volume over the right superior pulmonary vein and applying the formula (systolic velocity - presystolic velocity)/mean velocity. Results - The mean gestational age of the studyfetuses was 30.3±2.7 weeks, and gestational age of the controls was 29±3.3 weeks, with no significant difference in gestational age between groups (p=O. 14). Fetuses of diabetic mothers had a mean pulmonary vein pulsatility index of 1.6±1, and those of the control group had an index of .0.86±0.27. Conclusion - Fetuses of diabetic mothers had pulmonary vein pulsatility indexes (parameter easily obtained through Doppler echocardiography that may be related to fetal diastolic function) higher than those in fetuses of mothers with normal glycemia.
Endothelial dysfunction in obesity and insulin resistance: a road to diabetes and heart disease.; Obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction closely coexist throughout the natural history of type 2 diabetes. They all can be identified not only in people with type 2 diabetes, but also in various groups at risk for the disease, such as individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, family history of type 2 diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, prior gestational diabetes, or polycystic ovary syndrome. Whereas their evident association cannot fully establish a cause-effect relationship, fascinating mechanisms that bring them closer together than ever before are rapidly emerging. Central or abdominal obesity leads to insulin resistance and endothelial dysfunction through fat-derived metabolic products, hormones, and cytokines. Insulin resistance leads to endothelial dysfunction through the frequent association with traditional cardiovascular risk factors and through some more direct novel mechanisms. Some specific and shared insulin signaling abnormalities in muscle, fat, and endothelial cells, as well as some new genetic and nontraditional factors, may contribute to this interesting association. Some recent clinical studies demonstrate that nonpharmacological and pharmacological strategies targeting obesity and/or insulin resistance ameliorate endothelial function and low-grade inflammation. All these findings have added a new dimension to the association of obesity, insulin resistance, and endothelial dysfunction that may become a key target in the prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Assessment of Fetal Distress Based on Magnetic Resonance Examinations: Preliminary Report; Rationale and Objectives. Hypoxia is the main cause of injuries and intrauterine death of the fetus. Therefore, the main aim of monitoring and assessment of the fetus should be diagnosis of fetal distress before irreversible changes occur. Besides the fetal condition assessment methods used so far, in recent years in obstetrics new non-invasive imaging methods were introduced such as magnetic resonance (MR). This method enables morphologic evaluation of brain and brain tissue metabolism using magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS). Materials and Methods. Twenty pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (11 cases, including 3 with coexisting diabetes mellitus and 2 with intrauterine growth retardation), chronic hypertension (2 cases), gestational diabetes mellitus (6 cases), and suspected intrauterine fetal growth retardation (IUGR) participated in the study. Cardiotocography (CTG) and Doppler ultrasound examination of the blood flow in the umbilical artery and in the middle cerebral artery were performed. Results. In case of abnormal CTG and Doppler study records that indicated fetal hypoxia, MR studies showed the existence of ischemic focus in 5 patients and abnormal spectral images in 6 patients. Conclusion. The results of the preliminary study suggests that the use of MR in prenatal diagnosis may revolutionize the early detection of fetal injury in fetal distress. It is a valuable component of the diagnostic process, supplementing other examinations. The use of MR to assess fetal condition gives additional information and helps to make decisions about therapeutic actions. © AUR, 2003.
Prune-belly anomalies in a girl with Down syndrome; We report the first case of a girl born to a diabetic mother who was found to have Down syndrome and prune-belly anomalies (bilateral gross hydronephrosis, megaureter, and megacystis with abdominal muscle deficiency). The girl also had an atrioventricular septal defect. Diagnoses were confirmed with a cytogenetic study and micturating cystourethrography. She died at 29 days of age with a sudden collapse, most likely due to sepsis.
Ethical considerations in research involving women; In this Committee Opinion, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists Committee on Ethics affirms both the need for women to serve as research participants and the obligation for researchers, institutional review boards, and others reviewing clinical research to evaluate the potential effect of proposed research on women of childbearing potential, pregnant women, and the developing fetus.
Perioperative management of diabetic patients; Diabetes mellitus is the most common metabolic disease. New classifications have recently been proposed by the American Diabetes Association (ADA) and the World Health Organization (WHO). Type 1 (formerly insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus IDDM) is immune-mediated and leads to absolute insulin deficiency. Type 2 diabetes (formerly non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus [NIDDM]) is a disease of adult onset and is associated with insulin resistance. Type 3 corresponds to a wide range of specific types of diabetes, including various genetic defects of beta-cell function and insulin action, diseases of exocrine pancreas, endocrinopathies, and drug-induced diabetes. Type 4 is gestational diabetes (Table 1). Diabetics undergoing surgery have increased mortality, and type 1 diabetics are particularly at risk of postoperative complications. Wound complications are increased in diabetics, and healing is severely impaired when glycemic control is poor. However, with the use of modern management plans, the major outcome measures of surgery are comparable in diabetic and nondiabetic patients. Successful management of surgery in diabetic patients requires simple and safe protocols, which are fully understood by all staff and a close liaison among the surgeons, diabetes care team, and anesthetists.There is no consensus on the optimal metabolic management of the diabetic patient during surgery. Several surveys have highlighted the inconsistency with which surgical problems are managed in diabetic patients. The aim of this article is to provide protocols to achieve sensible and practical glycemic control in diabetic patients undergoing surgery. © 2003 by the Association of Program Directors in Surgery.
Neonatal Thrombosis; Neonatal thrombosis is a serious event that can cause mortality or result in severe morbidity and disability. The most important risk factor for the development of thrombosis during the neonatal period is the presence of an indwelling central line and consequently the vessels involved tend to be those most frequently used for catheterization. Other documented risk factors for the development of neonatal thrombosis include asphyxia, septicemia, dehydration, maternal diabetes and cardiac disease. Main laboratory findings for the diagnosis of hypercoagulable states, include shortened aPTT, decreased levels of inhibitors (AT III, Protein C and Protein S), increased resistance to activated protein C, defective fibrinolysis (basal and after stimuli), increased levels of clotting factors (fibrinogen, factor VII, factor VIII, etc.), increased and/or hyperactive platelets, increased whole blood and/or plasma viscosity, Antiphospholipid antibodies and presence of prothrombotic molecular defects like FV Leiden, P20210 and MTHFR. Approximately 4% and 2% respectively of Caucasians are heterozygous for these gene defects. Their causative role in neonatal thrombosis is unknown but they may have a contributory role in the pathogenesis of thrombosis in neonates.
Hypertriglyceridemic pancreatitis and pregnancy; A 33-year-old secundipara with a history of gestational diabetes and familial hypertriglyceridemia exacerbated during her previous pregnancy was admitted in the 36th week of gestation with diffuse abdominal pain, vomiting, low-grade fever, and general malaise. A blood sample had a lipemic, milky-pink appearance and plasma concentrations were as follows: triglycerides 2173 mg/dL, cholesterol 320 mg/dL, amylase 801 U/L, lactate dehydrogenase 650 U/L, creatinine 1.5 mg/dL, glucose 380 mg/dL, and left-shifted white cells. Acute pancreatitis was diagnosed and owing to signs of fetal distress, a cesarean was performed under light general anesthesia with propofol, succinylcholine, and sevoflurane. After the umbilical cord was cut, rocoronium and fentanyl were administered. The neonate was healthy and the patient's condition evolved favorably with conservative treatment. The incidence of pancreatitis during pregnancy is low but related morbidity and mortality are high. The usual cause is biliary tract disease, although rare metabolic alterations such as hyperlipidemia may occasionally act as the trigger. Early diagnosis and treatment are the keys to successful surgery and postoperative recovery.
Fetal growth restriction and consequences for the offspring in animal models; Objective: In the present review we discuss rat models in which intra-uterine growth restriction is obtained through pharmacological (streptozotocin), dietary (global food restriction, low protein diet), or surgical (uterine artery ligation) manipulation of the maternal animal. Methods: A MEDLINE search was performed on rat models of intrauterine growth restriction (IUGR), ie, streptozotocin, food restriction, low protein diet, or uterine artery ligation and pregnancy and fetal programming, long-term effects or adult offspring. Results: We address the impact of the different maternal conditions for the fetal and neonatal development. The rat models we concentrate on were all associated with fetal hypoinsulinemia and intrauterine growth restriction. Both fetus and neonate adapt to the altered perinatal environment. Some of these adaptations may predispose the offspring to the development of insulin resistance, cardiovascular disease, obesity, and even overt diabetes in later life. Conclusion: The adaptations of the fetal metabolism to the altered intrauterine environment have consequences for the offspring, persisting into adulthood and into the next generation. Copyright © 2003 Society for Gynecologic Investigation.
Management of diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy; Diabetes mellitus complicates 3-5% of all pregnancies and is a major cause of perinatal morbidity and mortality, as well as maternal morbidity. The availability of a variety of new insulins, the insulin pump, and self-monitoring of blood glucose have revolutionized the care of the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. However, challenges remain in caring for the pregnant patient with pregestational diabetes. Relatively few women receive preconceptional counseling, and major fetal malformations as a result of poor glucose control before and during the early weeks of gestation have emerged as the major cause of perinatal mortality. When the patient has diabetic vasculopathy, the obstetrician, maternal-fetal specialist, and/or endocrinologist and other members of the health care team must perform a challenging balancing act that promotes fetal health while minimizing maternal risk. As obesity increases in this country and our population becomes more diversified, the rate of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will rise. Although there is controversy regarding which diagnostic standards to use for GDM, there is agreement that excellent blood glucose control, with diet and, when necessary, insulin will result in improved perinatal outcome. Finally, the goal of our educational programs should be not only to improve pregnancy outcome but also to promote healthy lifestyle changes for the mother that will last long after delivery. © 2003 by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Inpatient management of diabetes: Survey in a tertiary care centre; Aims: Good glycaemic control in hospitalised patients with diabetes mellitus improves wellbeing and aids recovery. This survey aimed to: (1) assess glycaemic control in patients with diabetes admitted to hospital for reasons other than diabetes, (2) compare the glycaemic control in patients treated in medical and surgical units, and (3) see the impact of specialists' input on glycaemic control. Methods: The first 150 patients admitted to hospital were identified; those with acute metabolic complications of diabetes mellitus, acute myocardial infarction, pregestational or gestational diabetes, and patients in different intensive care units were excluded. Case notes were reviewed with particular attention to glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring, complications, and the actions taken to improve glycaemic control. Results: Four of the 150 patients died in hospital. When subcutaneous insulin was used glycaemic control was good in 48%, suboptimal in 15%, and poor in 37% of patients. The results were not significantly different with subcutaneous or intravenous insulin. There was also no difference in glycaemic control among medical and surgical patients. Patients managed by designated specialists had better control than those managed by physicians (p<0.001). Hypoglycaemia was documented in 20% and two patients developed non-ketotic hyperosmolar coma while in hospital. In a few cases treatment at discharge was not changed despite poor control while in hospital. Conclusion: More attention should be given to improving glycaemic control in patients hospitalised for reasons other than diabetes. Particular care should be taken to modify the dose of insulin needed to get good glycaemic control; control was better with specialists' input. A follow up survey will be conducted.
Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy: A study of fifty cases; Objective: To review and critically evaluate the incidence, epidemiology, clinical pattern, diagnosis, management, complications Et outcome of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy in hospital based study. Setting: A study of 50 cases of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy studied during the period 1ST June 2001 to 1st June 2003 at Department of Obstetrics Et Gynecology Unit-II, Jinnah Hospital, Lahore. Main outcome measures: Maternal and fetal outcome. Results: Total number of women delivered were 11271. Fifty cases of diabetes mellitus during pregnancy were studied. Mostly the patients were more then 30 years of age, multiparous ladies with gestational diabetes in 80% of cases, Type-II diabetes in 16% and only in 4% Type-I diabetes was reported. Insulin was required in 40% of patients. Eight women out of 50 had spontaneous miscarriage, 5 underwent preterm delivery while 36 reached term with one intrauterine death. Total number of babies delivered alive were 41. There was one stillbirth and 3 neonatal deaths. Conclusion: Management of diabetes mettitus in pregnancy involves teamwork of Obstetricians, Physicians and Neonatologists.
Maternal insulin-dependent diabetes and congenital malformations in the newborn; Congenital malformations (CM) are one of the leading causes of perinatal morbidity and mortality in infants of insulin dependent diabetic mothers (IDM). The aim of the present study is to determinate the incidence and structure of CM in this high risk population. The study included 14,325 newborns born between 1997-2000. 157 of them were IDM. The incidence of CM in IDM is 4-8 times higher than in general newborn population. The most frequent CM are congenital heart disease and polimalformation syndrome. The duration of mothers insulin dependent diabetes and poor glycemic control before and during pregnancy increases the risk of CM.
Cardiac function in fetuses of poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancies - A pilot study; Objective: Cardiac impairment is frequently found in babies of diabetic mothers. It is still controversial whether this is due to poor glucose control. The aim of this study is to compare the cardiac function in fetuses of well- and poorly-controlled pre-gestational diabetic pregnancy in third trimester. Methods: Women with type 1 pre-gestational diabetes were enrolled at 30-32 weeks. Cardiac size and interventricular septal wall thickness were measured by M-mode at end-diastolic phase. The right and left ventricular ejection fractions were calculated. At the mitral and tricuspid valves inflow, the ratio between early ventricular filling and active atrial filling (E/A) at both atrioventricular valves were measured by Doppler echocardiography. Peak velocities of ascending aorta and pulmonary artery were assessed. The angle of isonation was kept at <20°. Women with poorly-controlled diabetes (HbA1c >6.5%) were compared with those with satisfactorily controlled diabetes (HbA1c ≤6.5%). Results: A total of 21 women with pre-gestational diabetes were recruited for this study. Eight women with well-controlled diabetes were compared with 9 women who had poorly-controlled diabetes. HbA1c in the poorly-controlled group was 7.3% and in the well-controlled group it was 5.4% (p < 0.001). There was no difference between the two groups in cardiac size, interventricular septal wall thickness, ejection fraction, aorta and pulmonary artery peak flow velocities. The right atrioventricular E/A ratio was significantly lower among the poorly-controlled diabetic pregnancies (0.71 vs. 0.54; p < 0.05). Conclusion: Fetuses of poorly-controlled diabetic mothers had a lower right atrioventricular E/A ratio. This may be due to metabolic acidosis, non-hypertrophic cardiac dysfunction or fetal polycythemia. Copyright © 2003 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Unexpected fetal death during pregnancy - A problem of unrecognized fetal disorders during antenatal care?; Objective: To investigate the causes of ante partum fetal death (APFD) and to evaluate the diagnostic methods for prevention. Material and methods: A population-based retrospective study was conducted in 293091 deliveries from 1996 to 2000 in the State of Hesse, Germany. The investigations focus on mortality of infants during pregnancy, separated between singletons of 37-42 weeks (n=361) and 23-36 weeks (n=550), and multiple births (n=76). In 44 cases, the gestational age was unknown and in 19 cases lower than 23 weeks or greater than 43 weeks. In total 1006 cases remained and were subject for evaluation. Results: Perinatal mortality (PM) was 0.56%. APFD occurred in 1050 cases (0.3%), i.e. 63.5% of PM. Risk factors from the medical history during pregnancy could be identified in 515 cases (51.2%). Significant risk factors were social burden (odds ratio (OR) 58.3), diabetes mellitus (OR 5.4) and gestational diabetes (OR 2.1), psychological burden (OR 4.8), proteinuria (OR 2.8), maternal age (OR 1.7) and maternal smoking, depending on the number of cigarettes. The risk factors show a difference in significance, if related to the gestational age and multiple pregnancies. The contribution of malformations to APFD was 7.8%. There was however a number of unexpected fetal deaths with unidentified risk factors: n=415 (41.3%). In this group, fetal growth restriction was observed in 38.1%. Compared to control, APFD was three to five times higher in fetal growth retardation below the 10th percentile. Fetal death was closely related to fetal surveillance, i.e. the number of antenatal visits, ultrasound measurements, and fetal heart rate monitoring. Conclusion: Fetal ante partum fetal death can be reduced at least by 50%, if the available methods for fetal surveillance are employed aiming to detect indications of fetal oxygen deprivation at an early stage. © 2003 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Incidence and risk factors associated with the patency of ductus arteriosus in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome in Kuwait; Objectives: Patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is considered to be an important cause of morbidity and mortality among preterm infants. The aim of this study is to determine the incidence of PDA in ventilated preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) and to evaluate the role of some antenatal risk factors on its occurrence in our population. Methods: The case records of the preterm infants of <34 weeks gestational age, who were ventilated for RDS at the neonatal intensive care unit of Maternity Hospital, Safat, Kuwait, between March 1998 and February 1999, were reviewed. Diagnosis of PDA was based on echocardiographic findings. The association between the risk factors chosen and the PDA was also evaluated. Results: A total of 101 infants whose gestational ages ranged between 25-33 weeks, and birth weights between 685-1580 grams were included. Fifty-four had a significant PDA (53.4%). Maternal diabetes and antepartum hemorrhage (APH), birth weights, gestational ages, multiplicity and gender of the infants were found to be related to the incidence of PDA. Conclusion: The incidence of PDA in our ventilated preterm infants with RDS is similar to those reported from other neonatal units outside Kuwait. There are some factors that may identify babies, who are prone to develop PDA, which need to be confirmed by further prospective studies using a larger population.
The contribution of mitochondria to common disorders; Mitochondrial dysfunction secondary to mitochondrial and nuclear DNA mutations has been associated with energy deficiency in multiple organ systems and a variety of severe, often fatal, clinical syndromes. Although the production of energy is indeed the primary function of mitochondria, attention has also been directed toward their role producing reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and the subsequent widespread deleterious effects of these intermediates. The generation of toxic reactive intermediates has been implicated in a number of relatively common disorders, including neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, and cancer. Understanding the role mitochondrial dysfunction plays in the pathogenesis of common disorders has provided unique insights into a number of diseases and offers hope for potential new therapies. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Computerized analysis of fetal heart rate indices during oral glucose tolerance test; Aims: To study the effect of maternal glucose ingestion during a 100 g oral glucose tolerance test on fetal heart rate indices. Study design: Prospective study including 50 pregnant patients with an abnormal glucose challenge test who underwent a 100 g glucose tolerance test at 26-28 weeks gestation. Fetal heart rate was recorded and analyzed with the computerized Sonicaid Fetal Monitor System (Oxford 8000). Results: Baseline fetal heart rate significantly increased 120 and 180 minutes following glucose ingestion (p < 0.05) both in patients who were subsequently diagnosed to have gestational diabetes and in these in whom the diagnosis was excluded. No significant changes were noted in other fetal heart indices. Conclusions: The significant and consistent increase in baseline fetal heart rate following maternal glucose ingestion indicates that the fetus responds to changes in its' environment. The exact mechanism which causes this response has yet to be defined.
A novel 5q35.3 subtelomeric deletion syndrome; We observed a novel 3.5 Mb 5q subtelomeric deletion in a 3-year-old girl with developmental delay, hypotonia and multiple minor anomalies. Comparison of her phenotype with the few published patients with terminal 5q35 deletions revealed several overlapping features, but also showed remarkable differences such as shortness of stature versus macrosomia. After the report of 5q35.3 microdeletions in Sotos syndrome we integrated the published BACs into the public draft sequence and exactly mapped the deletion size in our patient by FISH analysis with 15 BAC probes. We demonstrated that the deletion in our patient is immediately adjacent to the reported Sotos syndrome deletion site. Subtracting the symptoms of Sotos syndrome from the published patients with larger 5q35.3 deletions allowed us to delineate a distinct phenotype of prenatal lymphedema with increased nuchal translucency, pronounced muscular hypotonia and delay of reaching motor milestones, but speech development within normal limits, wide fontanels, failure to thrive with postnatal short stature, and multiple minor anomalies such as mildly bell-shaped chest, minor congenital heart disease, and a distinct facial gestalt, associated with the novel 3.5 Mb cryptic deletion. We further showed in our patient that the deletion of the LCT4 synthase gene results in a reduction of cysteinyl leukotriene synthesis to about 65% compared to normal values. The prenatal nuchal lymphedema associated with this deletion syndrome my be related to the deletion of the FLT4 gene causing autosomal dominant primary lymphedema and contributes to the differential diagnosis of increased fetal nuchal translucency. © 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Problems of obesity in obstetric care; Obesity is increasing in prevalence worldwide and has become the focus of major initiatives to try to prevent its occurrence and reduce the long-term health implications of the obese state. In obstetrics and gynaecology, obesity both with and without polycystic ovarian syndrome is associated with an increased rate of ovulatory infertility Once pregnancy is established in the obese, recognized risks include increased rates of gestational diabetes, venous thrombo-embolism and hypertension. Routine antenatal care can be made more difficult by difficult venous access, limited value of abdominal palpation, and attenuation of the ultrasound signal impairing assessment of fetal anatomical abnormality and subsequent studies of late pregnancy fetal growth. Labour in the obese is more likely to be prolonged and unsuccessful. Operative delivery by Caesarean section is likely to be complicated by difficult access and problems with intra-operative management of complications. Post-delivery care is again a time of high risk for venous thrombo-embolism as well as wound infection. Physiological changes in energy balance in pregnancy can result in a net increase in body fat over the pregnancy, which may be difficult of impossible for the woman to lose in the months after delivery. The infant of the obese mother is at increased risk of late intra-uterine death, pre-term birth, low Apgar score, macrosomia and neural tube defects. Neonatal intensive care unit admission is more common in the offspring of the obese gravida. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Impaired fasting glucose and impaired glucose tolerance in women with prior gestational diabetes are associated with a different cardiovascular profile; OBJECTIVE - The purpose of this study was to investigate the association of cardiovascular risk factors to impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and to impaired fasting glucose (IFG) in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - We studied 838 women with prior GDM. Postpartum glucose tolerance status was classified as normal, IFG, IGT, IFG plus IGT, and diabetes according to the World Health Organization criteria. Postpartum BMI, waist circumference, blood pressure, triglyceride, cholesterol, and HDL cholesterol were assessed. RESULTS - BMI and blood pressure were significantly higher in women with IFG than in women with normal glucose status. BMI and waist circumference were significantly higher in women with IFG plus IGT than in women with normal glucose status. No differences were observed between women with IGT and normal glucose status. The prevalence of hypertension and obesity was significantly increased in IFG compared with normal glucose status. The prevalence of obesity and abnormal lipids was significantly increased in IFG plus IGT compared with normal glucose status. IGT showed no increased prevalence of cardiovascular risk factors. CONCLUSIONS - Traditional cardiovascular risk factors have a stronger association with isolated IFG than with isolated IGT in women with prior GDM.
Thiazolidinediones - Some recent developments; The role of thiazolidinediones (currently rosiglitazone and pioglitazone) in the treatment of Type 2 diabetes is firmly established. The mechanism of action involves binding to the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ, a transcription factor that regulates the expression of specific genes especially in fat cells but also other cell types such as endothelial cells, macrophages and monocytes, vascular smooth muscle cells and colonic epithelium. Thiazolidinediones have been shown to interfere with expression and release of mediators of insulin resistance originating in adipose tissue (e.g., increased free fatty acids, decreased adiponectin) in a way that results in net improvement of insulin sensitivity (i.e., in muscle and liver). A direct or indirect effect on AMP-dependent protein kinase may also be involved. Prevention of lipid accumulation in tissues critical to glycaemia such as visceral adipocytes, liver, muscle and β-cells at the expense of lipids accumulating at the less harmful subcutaneous site may be central to their net metabolic effect. The sustained beneficial effect of troglitazone on β-cell function in women with previous gestational diabetes in addition to the insulin-sensitising properties point to an important role of this class of drugs in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Original safety concerns based on animal and in vitro studies (e.g., fatty bone marrow transformation, colonic cancer, adipogenic transdifferentiation of blood cells) remain theoretical issues but become less pressing practically with prolonged uneventful clinical use. Hepatotoxicity for troglitazone and fluid retention, which can aggravate pre-existing heart failure, are the most important side effects. In summary, with the thiazolidinediones, a novel concept for the treatment of insulin resistance and possibly preservation of β-cell function is available that could become effective in the prevention of Type 2 diabetes. Moreover, their anti-inflammatory properties also make them interesting in the prevention and treatment of atherosclerosis and possibly other inflammatory conditions (e.g., inflammatory bowel disease). Long-term data will be necessary for a final risk-benefit assessment of these substances.
Maternal diabetes: Effects on embryonic vascular development - A vascular endothelial growth factor-A-mediated process; Major congenital malformations, many of which result from abnormal cardiovascular patterning, remain the leading cause in infant mortality and morbidity. Targeted mutations of several genes (including VEGF and VEGF receptors) and certain teratogenic agents (including excess α-D-glucose) give rise to embryonic lethal phenotypes associated with failure in the formation of a functional vitelline circulation and aberrant organogenesis. Our work to date has demonstrated that yolk sac vasculopathy and failure of endocardial cushion epithelial-mesenchymal transformation occurs in hyperglycemic conditions in murine whole conceptus culture and in embryos from streptozotocin-induced diabetic mice. These cardiovascular abnormalities are associated with changes in expression and phosphorylation state of adhesion molecules such as platelet endothelial growth factor-1 and expression of growth factors such as vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF-A). Further understanding of the effects of maternal diabetes on yolk sac and embryonic vasculogenesis/angiogenesis and organogenesis may lead to novel approaches in treating and preventing major birth defects.
Age and racial/ethnic differences in maternal, fetal, and placental conditions in laboring patients; OBJECTIVE: Most health indicators exhibit evidence of ethnic disparity. This study describes the prevalence of clinical conditions that are associated with pregnancy, stratified at age 35 years, and by ethnicity (black, white, Hispanic, other). STUDY DESIGN: This was a retrospective, cross-sectional cohort study. We used International Classification of Diseases discharge diagnostic codes from California discharge data to identify 31 maternal, fetal, and placental conditions. RESULTS: At least one condition was present for 26.1% of the 443,532 eligible women. There was variation in risk by age and race/ethnicity and differences by age within ethnic groups. Black women were more at risk; there are 12 conditions for older women, and there are 16 conditions for younger women. Hispanic women showed a higher risk for diabetes mellitus, macrosomia, and severe hypertension. All white women showed a higher risk for cardiac conditions and isoimmunization, whereas older white women also demonstrated an increased risk for herpes infection and multiple gestation. CONCLUSION: Older women and black women have more morbidity. The degree to which these clinical conditions affect labor management and obstetric outcomes needs further evaluation.
Fœtal nutrition and breast-feeding. Effects on child growth and health should early nutritional prevention be implemented; During the past twenty years, evidence has built up that health starts in utero. The first stones were brought up by an English epidemiologist, David Barker who noticed that, in Great Britain, the regions with a high infant mortality rate in the years 1920 were also those with a high rate of coronary heart disease mortality in the 1970's. Thereafter, many publications have shown and confirmed relationships between a low birthweight and mortality, morbidity and risk factors for several adult chronic diseases such as cardiovascular disease, hypertension, insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes, in both men and women. Maternal diabetes during pregnancy, which can be seen as a situation of fetal overnutrition, also has long-term consequences with an increased risk of obesity and glucose intolerance in the offspring. More recently, a protective effect of maternal breasfeeding against obesity and allergy in childhood has been described. There is a common interpretation for all these relationships: the plasticity of fetal and early life may allow for a "programming" of some functions of the human body by early environmental conditions, with long lasting effects that may become evident only in adulthood. Nutritional factors, including maternal food intake and metabolism, placental functioning and infant feeding, are among the most plausible early environmental factors. A better understanding of their role may lead to an effective early prevention of adult chronic diseases.
Clinical physiology of exercise in pregnancy: a literature review.; OBJECTIVES: To review the existing literature on the physiology of exercise in pregnancy as a basis for clinical practice guidelines for prenatal exercise prescription. METHODS: MEDLINE search for English language abstracts and articles published between 1966 and 2003 related to physiological adaptations to pregnancy, effects of pregnancy on responses to acute exercise and aerobic conditioning, effects of acute maternal exercise on indexes of fetal well-being, impact of physical conditioning on birth weight and other pregnancy outcomes, and use of exercise to prevent or treat gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia. RESULTS: Maximal aerobic power (VO(2)max, L/min) is well-preserved in pregnant women who remain physically active, but anaerobic working capacity may be reduced in late gestation. The increase in resting heart rate, reduction in maximal heart rate, and resulting smaller heart rate reserve render heart rate a less precise way of estimating exercise intensity. As rating of perceived exertion (RPE) is not altered by pregnancy, the use of revised pulse rate target zones along with Borg's RPE scale is recommended to prescribe exercise intensity during pregnancy. Responses to prolonged submaximal exercise (>30 min) in late gestation include a moderate reduction in maternal blood glucose concentration, which may transiently reduce fetal glucose availability. The normal response to sustained submaximal exercise is an increase in fetal heart rate (FHR) baseline. Transient reductions in FHR reactivity, fetal breathing movements, and FHR variability may also occur in association with more strenuous exercise. Controlled prospective studies have demonstrated that moderate prenatal exercise during the second and third trimesters is useful to improve aerobic fitness and maternal-fetal physiological reserve without affecting fetal growth. CONCLUSIONS: The Physical Activity Readiness Medical Examination for Pregnancy is recommended for use by physicians and midwives to provide medical clearance for prenatal exercise. Evidence-based prenatal exercise guidelines are needed to counsel healthy and fit pregnant women on the safety of involvement in more strenuous physical conditioning. Future study is also recommended to determine the usefulness of prenatal exercise in the prevention and treatment of gestational diabetes mellitus and preeclampsia.
Cardiac troponin-I in the serum of infants of diabetic mothers; A transient form of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been previously described in infants of diabetic mothers. When it occurs, it is generally benign. The purpose of our study was to establish the extent of injury to the cardiomyocytes in symptomatic and asymptomatic patients with and without hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Thus, we compared 35 consecutive patients to 20 healthy controls, establishing the significance, if any, of differences in cardiac troponin-I and creatine kinase, including its MB-fraction, and seeking to establish the value of these parameters in the diagnosis of cardiac injury. We also determined to levels of glucose and insulin in the serum, and took note of electrocardiographic and echocardiographic investigations. Values were determined at the 1st and 7th days after admission in the patients, while parameters were measured in the control group only on the first day. We found that the levels of cardiac troponin-I in the serum, known to be a marker for cardiac injury, were significantly elevated in symptomatic patients with life-threatening respiratory or haemodynamic distress. We speculate that transient ventricular hypertrophy is neither the cause nor the consequence of damage to the cardiomyocytes. It would be interesting, nonetheless, to determine the relationship, if any, between cardiomyocytic damage and clinical outcome. © Greenwich Medical Media Ltd.
Acute metabolic complications in diabetic patients during pregnancy; Hypoglycemia is the most common acute complication of diabetes (10% with recurrent episodes) and it's defined by a decrease in plasma glucose concentration (below 45-50 mg/dl) that determines the presence of symptoms that will disappear with the plasma glucose levels normalization. This complication is more common in the pregnant woman with type 1 diabetes due to intensive insulin treatment and counter regulation impairment. At this moment, the management of type 1 diabetes during pregnancy requires a very accurate plasma glucose concentration control before conception and during pregnancy; physician must prescribe intensive insulin treatment that may result in frequent and serious hypoglycemia episodes. Hypoglycemia can appear with non-specific symptoms, like many other clinical conditions and diseases, but generally, we can classify them in two groups: adrenergic symptoms and neuroglucopenic symptoms. There are several therapeutic approaches on hypoglycemia episodes, depending on their severity. On the other hand, hyperglycemic ketotic complications, especially diabetic ketoacidosis are metabolic emergencies that may lead to fetal or mother decease. Diabetic ketoacidosis is a severe metabolic complication with a very high morbility and mortality on mother and fetal. It typically appears in type 1 diabetic patients, but it can also appear in type 2 diabetes and gestational diabetes during stress situations or infections. This complication has dramatically decreased in recent years, due to the accurate control of diabetes during pregnancy.
Pregnancy problems in diabetes mellitus; Diabetes mellitus is the endocrine disease associated most often with pregnancy. Insuline Resistance increase during pregnancy is the main cause of Gestational Diabetes. Both, overt Diabetes mellitus and Gestational Diabetes give a poorer prognosis to pregnancy, but the later only because the higher frequency of fetal macrosomia. Clinical Diabetes Mellitus in pregnancy is associated with higher frequencies of preeclampsia, hydramnios, preterm labor and delivery, miscarriages, fetal malformations, alterations of fetal growth (mainly fetal overgrowth) and of fotal maturity, fetal hypoxia and fetal an neonatal death. Good metabolic control since before and during preguancy is the best profilaxis of these problems although additional benefits comes from a diet rich in antioxydants, folic acid and Calcium supplements and, in selected cases, platelet antiagregants (aspirine). Screening of fetal cromosomopaties (its risk seems also higher in gestational diabetes) and fetal malformations rest on sonographies performed at 12 and 20 weeks respectively, and that of fetal growth deviations in sonographies at 28 and 34 weeks. Fetal welfare is followed by weekly non stress test since weeks 34 or 37, the later in those cases of gestational diabetes or clinical diabetes with good metabolic control. In interpreting fetal heart rate patterns is important to consider that these fetuses have also a maturative delay in their vegetative system. Now, threatened premature labor is best managed with Atosiban, so the metabolic effects of betamimetics could be avoided. In pregnancies with good metabolic control and normal fetal growth delivery is planned at 40 week. In those cases with deficient metabolic control or with fetal growth acceleration delivery is otherwise planned at an estimated fetal weight of 4000 g., but in any case we try to reach, at least, the 38 week. Then if the estimated fetal weight is above 4500 g we choose a elective cesarean section.
Mortality in diabetes: A retrospective analysis from a tertiary care hospital in North India; Cause(s) of death in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) admitted to a tertiary care hospital in North India was analysed from classified information in patients' death records and case file. Of the 306 652 total admissions from 1991 to 1999, 21 584 patients died (7.04%), 592 of whom (355 men and 237 women) had DM (2.7%). Information from 92 patients with diabetes could not be retrieved and six patients with hyperglycemia of short duration (two with gestational DM, three with post-transplant diabetes and one with stress hyperglycemia) were excluded. Of the 494 patients, 456 (92.3%) had T2DM and 38 (7.7%) had T1DM. Four hundred and forty patients had diabetes related mortality: infections (230, 46.5%), cardiovascular events (86, 17.4%), chronic renal failure (CRF) (48, 9.7%), stroke (30, 6%), diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) (15, 3%), hyperosmolar coma (11, 2.2%), and hypoglycemia (5, 1%), while others (54 patients) had diabetes unrelated deaths. Cause of death could not be ascertained in six patients (1.2%). Death was attributed to a single cause in 301 (60.9%), to two causes in 175 (35.4%) and to three or more causes in 12 (2.4%) patients. Analysis of the cause of death in DM versus hospital in-patients in general, showed infection (P<0.02), coronary artery disease (CAD) (P<0.001), and CRF (P<0.001) to be more frequent in diabetes. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Fetal monitoring in type 1 diabetic pregnancies; Stillbirth and perinatal mortality rates are 5 times greater for an insulin-dependant diabetic mother than in the general population. Neonatal and infant mortality rates are 15 and 3 times greater, respectively. In addition, macrosomia is a major problem resulting in both fetal and maternal injury. Fetal monitoring is considered mandatory in such pregnancies. The rational approach would be to use surveillance strategies based on the underlying pathophysiology. However, in the diabetic pregnancy, the underlying pathophysiology is poorly understood and is likely to be multifactorial. Thus, in practice, a pragmatic approach is followed using methods that are applied in other high-risk pregnancies although the pathophysiology is different. Given the limitations in the predictive power of many fetal monitoring methods and the lack of randomised controlled trials, it is not surprising that there is no agreement over the best way to monitor fetal health in diabetic pregnancies. This article analyses the evidence regarding the value of these tests and proposed protocols for their use in the context of the diabetic pregnancy. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Controversies in endocrinology - A modern medical quandary: Polycystic ovary syndrome, insulin resistance, and oral contraceptive pills; Recognition that insulin resistance plays a major role in the pathophysiology of PCOS has led to the novel application of insulin-sensitizing drugs as a treatment option for the disorder. Less appreciated, however, is the high risk for type 2 diabetes and perhaps cardiovascular disease associated with insulin resistance, and the important implications this may have for chronic treatment of PCOS. OCPs are the traditional therapy for the chronic treatment of PCOS, and they are recognized to exert a number of beneficial effects. Their use cannot be dismissed lightly. Nonetheless, limited evidence raises the issue that OCPs may aggravate insulin resistance and exert other untoward metabolic actions that possibly enhance the long-term risk for diabetes and heart disease. This important clinical issue has received relatively scant attention from clinical investigators and remains unsettled. This report is as much a call for additional studies, critical and controlled, as for judicious caution. In the interim, it is prudent at the time of treatment to assess an individual woman with PCOS for risk factors for diabetes (e.g. positive family history, history of gestational diabetes, high-risk ethnic group) and heart disease (e.g. dyslipidemia, positive family history, elevated homocystine). This may help determine the relative risk to benefit ratio of OCP therapy and allow the clinician to tailor therapy to the individual. For clinical investigators, the challenge now is to critically explore the immediate and long-term metabolic effects of both OCPs and insulin-sensitizing drugs in PCOS, so that clinicians may treat this prevalent disorder with confidence.
Cesarean delivery for fetal distress: Rate and risk factors; The objective of this article was to review the recent English language literature on cesarean delivery for fetal distress to determine its incidence, diagnostic tests, and the contributing factors to this obstetric complications. A PubMed search (1990-2000) with items of "cesarean, fetal distress," "cesarean, non-reassuring fetal heart rate," "cesarean, neonatal acidosis," and "cesarean, umbilical arterial pH," was undertaken. Reports, letters to the editor, focus on anomalous fetuses, and papers not specifically focused on this topic were excluded. Of the 392 articles that the search yielded, 169 met the inclusion criteria. Based on 37 reports with more than 1,000 patients each, the overall risk of prompt cesarean delivery for fetal concern was 3.1% (43,340 of 13,989,74). The risk exceeded 20% in patients with moderate/severe asthma, severe hypothyroidism, severe preeclampsia, and postterm or fetal growth restricted fetuses with abnormal Doppler studies. Use of likelihood ratios suggests that Doppler of the umbilical artery is a superior diagnostic test to amniotic fluid index in identifying parturients at risk for cesarean for non-reassuring fetal heart rate tracing. Although several risk factors increase the need for cesarean delivery for fetal distress, in general, most are unpreventable.
Is there need of specialized diabetes nurses in Pakistan?; Objective: To assess the knowledge of the staff nurses of diabetes mellitus working in the various wards of a teaching hospital of Lahore. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Hospital based, on the staff nurses working in medical, surgical, cardiology, emergency and psychiatry wards of Mayo Hospital, Lahore. Main outcome measures. Knowledge of diabetes mellitus of staff nurses. Methods: Fifty qualified nurses interviewed through questionnaire designed to assess their knowledge about various aspects of diabetes. Results: Symptoms of disease known to the nurses were polyuria (86%), polydipsia (82%), delayed wound heating (74%) unexplained ill health (72%), whereas pruritus vulvae (62%), big sized babies at birth (42%), impotency (40%) were elicited in response to prompting. Sixty percent of them were unaware of gastrointestinal symptoms. They were better aware of hypertension (90%), chronic renal failure (70%), ischaemic heart disease (50%) as associated diseases with diabetes mellitus and least aware of autoimmune diseases. Confusion/drowsiness (92%), profuse sweating (80%), heart sinking (72%), blurring of vision (68%) fatigability (68%) pallor (52%), irritability (34%), lack of concentration (26%), feeling of hunger (20%) were known as hypoglycaemic symptoms. They generally had the knowledge of the treatment and was quite adequate. Diet control (92%), diet and exercise (96%), oral and parenteral hypoglycaemic agents (100%) were known to them. However they were less knowledgeable about alteration in treatment. Majority were of the opinion that patients should be controlled on oral hypoglycaemic agents and avoid parenteral drugs. Although nurses knew the diet plays the role in management of diabetes mellitus, but were not aware of types of food given to the patients or how to make changes in the diet. Conclusion: Nurses working in emergency, medical as well as surgical units should undergo refresher courses for 1-2 weeks in nursing care of diabetics. Effort should also be made to train specialized diabetic nurses. This would reduce the burden on doctors besides improving diabetic care.
The offspring of gestational diabetes; Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) usually develops in the second half of pregnancy and, in order to address the impact of GDM on the conceptus, several issues must be raised: what are the immediate implications for the fetus and the neonate and why do they happen? What are the consequences for the offspring? What can be done? In a theoretical model the whole pathogenesis and spectrum of fetal and neonatal mortality and morbidity could primarily be attributed to the excessive transferal of glucose from mother to fetus, inducing fetal hyperglycemia, leading to fetal pancreatic islet hypertrophy and β-cell hyperplasia with a consequent rise in insulin secretion. However, besides, and in addition to glucose, it is quite possible that other metabolic fuels, from amino acids to lipids, may also cross the placenta further contributing to the adverse intrauterine environment. Depending upon the time of gestation during critical developmental stages, the same metabolic fuels would have different effects upon the fetus, the neonate and quite possibly, upon the long-term outcome from neurological and psychosocial impairment to the adult development of metabolic and cardiovascular disorders. Based on clinical and experimental evidence that poor maternal homeostasis is at the core of the problem, it is of paramount importance to identify women at risk of GDM and to keep a tight metabolic control in order to avoid immediate and long-term consequences for their offspring.
Linear and nonlinear parameters for the analysis of fetal heart rate signal from cardiotocographic recordings; Antepartum fetal monitoring based on the classical cardiotocography (CTG) is a noninvasive and simple tool for checking fetal status. Its introduction in the clinical routine limited the occurrence of fetal problems leading to a reduction of the precocious child mortality. Nevertheless, very poor indications on fetal pathologies can be inferred from the even automatic CTG analysis methods, which are actually employed. The feeling is that fetal heart rate (FHR) signals and uterine contractions carry much more information on fetal state than is usually extracted by classical analysis methods. In particular, FHR signal contains indications about the neural development of the fetus. However, the methods actually adopted for judging a CTG trace as "abnormal" give weak predictive indications about fetal dangers. We propose a new methodological approach for the CTG monitoring, based on a multiparametric FHR analysis, which includes spectral parameters from autoregressive models and nonlinear algorithms (approximate entropy). This preliminary study considers 14 normal fetuses, eight cases of gestational (maternal) diabetes, and 13 intrauterine growth retarded fetuses. A comparison with the traditional time domain analysis is also included. This paper shows that the proposed new parameters are able to separate normal from pathological fetuses. Results constitute the first step for realizing a new clinical classification system for the early diagnosis of most common fetal pathologies.
Obstetric and prenatal outcome in menopausal women: A 12-year clinical study; The obstetric and prenatal outcome in post-menopausal women of advanced age in an oocyte donation programme is described in this paper, the oldest being aged 63 years. A total of 2729 candidates were visited up to November 2000. Only 1150 (42%) were accepted, with 1579 being rejected during a rigorous selection procedure. Several excluding clinical conditions were noted, including hypertension of varying severity, cardiovascular disease, smoking, dysfunctions of the hepatic, thyroid and renal systems and diabetes. Overall, 489 (38%) clinical pregnancies were established in 1288 recipient cycles, with 390 healthy babies delivered out of 363 pregnancies (28%), while 126 (25.7%) were lost. In all, 327 (90%) of the pregnancies reached full term, with 36 involving premature deliveries, 24 involving multiple gestation, 21 sets of twins, three sets of triplets (0.9%) and no quadruplets. Antenatal complications arising in 86 patients (23.6% of deliveries) included 33 preterm deliveries, 43 cases of gestational hypertension, four cases of pre-eclampsia, three cases of gestational diabetes and three of abruptio placentae. A total of 272 (75%) of all deliveries were by Caesarean section. Neonatal complications included two cases of growth retardation. There were no neonatal or maternal deaths. The 63-year-old woman reached full term pregnancy in July 1994, with delivery by Caesarean section of a boy in good health. Proper screening for risks has enabled this treatment to be given to a preselected group of patients.
Lifetime consequences of abnormal fetal pancreatic development; There is ample evidence that an adverse intrauterine environment has harmful consequences for health in later life. Maternal diabetes and experimentally induced hyperglycaemia result in asymmetric overgrowth, which is associated with an increased insulin secretion and hyperplasia of the insulin-producing B-cells in the fetuses. In adult life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. In contrast, intrauterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and a delayed development of the insulin-producing B-cells. These perinatal alterations may induce a deficient adaptation of the endocrine pancreas and insulin resistance in later life. Intrauterine growth restriction in human pregnancy is mainly due to a reduced uteroplacental blood flow or to maternal undernutrition or malnutrition. However, intrauterine growth restriction can be present in severe diabetes complicated by vasculopathy and nephropathy. In animal models, intrauterine growth retardation can be obtained through pharmacological (streptozotocin), dietary (semi-starvation, low protein diet) or surgical (intrauterine artery ligation) manipulation of the maternal animal. The endocrine pancreas and more specifically the insulin-producing B-cells play an important role in the adaptation to an adverse intrauterine milieu and the consequences in later life. The long-term consequences of an unfavourable intrauterine environment are of major importance worldwide. Concerted efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented. This review will consist of two parts. In the first part, we discuss the long-term consequences in relation to the development of the fetal endocrine pancreas and fetal growth in the human; in the second part, we focus on animal models with disturbed fetal and pancreatic development and the consequences for later life.
Lifetime consequences of abnormal fetal pancreatic development; There is ample evidence that an adverse intrauterine environment has harmful consequences for health in later life. Maternal diabetes and experimentally induced hyperglycaemia result in asymmetric overgrowth, which is associated with an increased insulin secretion and hyperplasia of the insulin-producing B-cells in the fetuses. In adult life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. In contrast, intrauterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and a delayed development of the insulin-producing B-cells. These perinatal alterations may induce a deficient adaptation of the endocrine pancreas and insulin resistance in later life. Intrauterine growth restriction in human pregnancy is mainly due to a reduced uteroplacental blood flow or to maternal undernutrition or malnutrition. However, intrauterine growth restriction can be present in severe diabetes complicated by vasculopathy and nephropathy. In animal models, intrauterine growth retardation can be obtained through pharmacological (streptozotocin), dietary (semi-starvation, low protein diet) or surgical (intrauterine artery ligation) manipulation of the maternal animal. The endocrine pancreas and more specifically the insulin-producing B-cells play an important role in the adaptation to an adverse intrauterine milieu and the consequences in later life. The long-term consequences of an unfavourable intrauterine environment are of major importance worldwide. Concerted efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented. This review will consist of two parts. In the first part, we discuss the long-term consequences in relation to the development of the fetal endocrine pancreas and fetal growth in the human; in the second part, we focus on animal models with disturbed fetal and pancreatic development and the consequences for later life.
Peripartum cardiomyopathy and thromboembolism; anesthetic management and clinical course of an obese, diabetic patient; Purpose: To describe the anesthetic management and clinical course of a patient with peripartum cardiomyopathy. We highlight the frequent occurrence of thromboembolic morbidity in this group of parturients, emphasizing the need for early consideration of prophylactic anticoagulation. Clinical features: A 38-yr-old, diabetic, obese parturient was admitted with pulmonary edema and severe orthopnea at 31 weeks gestation. The respiratory rate was 44 breaths·min-1, blood pressure 110/70 mmHg, pulse 120 beats·min-1 and rales were heard in both lung fields. The diagnosis of peripartum cardiomyopathy was made based on sinus tachycardia with no evidence of ischemia on the electrocardiogram, and global left ventricular hypokinesis with an ejection fraction of 40-45% noted on transthoracic echocardiography. Cesarean delivery was planned to improve maternal respiratory status and hemodynamics. General anesthesia with invasive monitoring was planned, and surgery and anesthesia proceeded uneventfully. Less than 24 hr postoperatively, she sustained a thrombotic cerebral infarct leaving her hemiparetic and dysarthric. Subsequent investigations revealed a thrombophilic state due to elevated anticardiolipin antibody. Conclusion: General anesthesia is an acceptable option in parturients with heart failure secondary to cardiomyopathy. Thromboembolic complications are common, and early consideration should be given to prophylactic anticoagulation.
Nucleated red blood cells in polycythemic infants; OBJECTIVE: This study was undertaken to evaluate whether the absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) count is elevated in term, appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) polycythemic infants. STUDY DESIGN: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts taken during the first 12 hours of life in term, AGA infants with neonatal polycythemia (n = 29), and in control, nonpolycythemic infants (n = 37). We excluded infants of women with diabetes, hypertension, and alcohol, tobacco, or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities or low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies. RESULTS: There were no differences between groups in birth weight, gestational age, or other demographic or perinatal factors. The hematocrit, RBC count, and absolute nucleated RBC counts were significantly higher and the platelet counts significantly lower in the polycythemic group. Regression analysis that included Apgar scores and gestational age showed a significant correlation of absolute nucleated RBC count with the polycythemia status only (P = .017). CONCLUSION: At birth, term AGA polycythemic infants have increased indices of active erythropoiesis. We speculate that this finding is suggestive of subtle fetal hypoxemia.
Prenatal diagnosis and the clinical significance of discordant umbilical arteries (DUA); Objective: To evaluate prenatal US examination of the umbilical vessels and the clinical significance of antenatally detected discordant umbilical arteries (DUA). Methods: 1560 pregnant women underwent the US screening examination between the 19th and 21th week of gestation. The US examination consisted in a thorough analysis of the umbilical vessels with grey scale 2-D US, a colour and power Doppler both of the umbilical cord and of the foetal pelvis. When a DUA diagnosis was made, echocardiography was carried out. An umbilical cord histological examination at birth was performed in each case of suspected DUA. Karyotyping was also performed. Results: DUA occurred in 0.7% deliveries (11/1560); nine infants were delivered spontaneously and two by caesarean section. Birth weight was normal in all cases except one case associated with maternal hypertension and FGR. No major anomalies or chromosomal abnormalities were present, apart from ventricular septal defect in two cases. Maternal diabetes mellitus complicated two cases. Conclusions: In the present study DUA was found to have low clinical significance, as the newborns were generally in good conditions at birth. Abnormal Doppler velocity of the smaller umbilical artery should be taken with caution, because it does not seem to be associated with poor perinatal outcome. The advantages of power Doppler flow imaging must be added to the ultrasound criteria for the diagnosis for DUA, especially as a means to confirm the discrepancy in size of the hypoplastic umbilical artery in its course around the bladder.
Should patients with polycystic ovary syndrome be treated with metformin?: Benefits of insulin sensitizing drugs in polycystic ovary syndrome - Beyond ovulation induction; The debate on metformin in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) has mainly focused on its treatment for infertility in ovulation induction and menstrual cyclicity. Here we will summarize the data supporting the effect of metformin on improving hyperandrogenaemia and hyperinsulinaemia in PCOS patients. We propose that metformin benefits PCOS patients undergoing gonadotrophin therapy and IVF as well as ovulation induction. We also advocate the use of insulin sensitizing drugs to reduce miscarriage rates, and risks associated with coronary artery disease, gestational diabetes and obesity.
Umbilical arterial Doppler sonography for fetal surveillance in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus; Antepartum fetal surveillance constitutes an essential component of the standards of care in managing pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes mellitus. Fetal hyperglycemia is associated with increased oxidative metabolism, hypoxemia and increased brain and renal perfusion without any significant changes in fetoplacental perfusion. Human cordocentesis data show that fetal hypoxemia and acidemia are associated with changes in the umbilical arterial Doppler indices in maternal diabetes mellitus complicated by fetal growth restriction or pre-eclampsia. Consistent with this, observational studies suggest significant diagnostic efficacy of the Doppler method in diabetic pregnancies complicated by vasculopathy, and in the presence of fetal growth restriction or hypertension. However, the relationship between abnormal umbilical arterial Doppler indices and the quality of glycemic control remains unproved. Although there are no randomized trials specifically addressing this issue, existing evidence suggests that Doppler velocimetry of the umbilical artery may be beneficial for antepartum fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancies complicated by vasculopathy, fetal growth restriction or hypertension.
Congenital malformations in newborns of mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus; The paper presents the analysis of congenital malformations in offspring born alive of mothers with type 1 diabetes mellitus. Data of 300 pregnant women with type 1 diabetes mellitus. The group was divided into four groups according to their metabolic control and presence of diabetic vascular complications: Group I - 113 pregnant women of White class B-C with good metabolic control (fasting blood glucose <95 mg/dl, one hour after meal >140 mg/dl), group II - 70 pregnant women of White class B-C with poor metabolic control (fasting blood glucose >95 mg/dl, one hour after meal >140 mg/dl), group III - 80 pregnant women of White class D-RF with good metabolic control, and group IV - 37 pregnant women of White class D-RF poor metabolic control. 300 born alive newborns of mothers with type 1 diabetes were included into the analysis: 113 newborns from group 1, 70 from group II, 80 from group III, and 37 from group IV. In conclusion, good metabolic control of diabetes decreases the incidence of congenital malformations in neonates, most significantly the serious ones. Congenital heart disease was the most frequent disorder No influence of White diabetes class in mothers on congenital malformations incidence was noted.
Prevention and detection of diabetic embryopathy; Congenital anomalies are more common in the offspring of women with type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Herein we define those anomalies more commonly found in the offspring of women with diabetes mellitus, and examine the role of hyperglycemia in their pathogenesis. We then discuss methods for the optimal screening and detection of embryopathy. We conclude by presenting evidence in support of preconception diabetes care to lower the risk of fetal anomalies in women with diabetes mellitus. Copyright © 2002 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Addressing the epidemic; Pharmacotherapeutic management of diabetes in women; Diabetes is epidemic in the United States. More than half of the victims are women, and women from vulnerable populations have particularly high rates of diabetes. In addition, long-term complications of diabetes are contributing factors to poverty, disability, and premature death, and complications of diabetes are more common and more serious in women. The provision of health care to women with diabetes must include knowledge of the pharmacotherapeutic agents used to treat diabetes to provide care that compliments and does not complicate diabetes management. © 2002 by the American College of Nurse-Midwives.
Risk factors for heart disease associated with abnormal sidedness; Background: The purpose of this study is to obtain information on potential familial and environmental risk factors for liveborn cases of heart disease associated with abnormal visceral and vascular sidedness, heterotaxy heart disease, so that hypotheses about this congenital cardiovascular malformation (CCVM) and its risk factors can be generated. We describe the characteristics of infants with heterotaxy heart malformations and case-control comparisons of interview data obtained on parental socio-demographic characteristics, occupational and household environmental exposures. Methods: Cases and controls are drawn from the Baltimore Washington Infant Study (BWIS) a population based case control study of CCVM diagnosed in the region from 1981-89. Results: Maternal diabetes (OR = 5.5, 95% CI = 1.6-19.1) and family history of malformations (OR = 5.1, 95% CI = 2.0-12.9) are strongly associated with cardiac disorders of sidedness. Cocaine use by mothers during the first trimester is associated with heterotaxy heart disease with odds of 3.7 (95% CI = 1.3-10.7). Cases of isolated dextrocardia shared risk factors with other heterotaxy malformations. The odds of a twin proband having heterotaxy heart disease is 4.8 (95% CI = 1.9-11.8) compared to singleton births. Twin probands are predominantly monozygotic twins in contrast to twin probands in other congenital cardiovascular malformations. Conclusions: Our findings are consistent with a role for multiple genetic factors in the development of left-right axis formation and with variable cardiac phenotypes according to gene expression and possible gene-environment interactions. Association with monozygotic twinning and with parental cocaine use may point to additional mechanistic clues for future research. © 2002 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Oral contraception: Trends over time; Since their introduction in 1960, oral contraceptives have undergone an evolution in content and dosage. The doses of the steroid components of combination oral contraceptives have been dramatically decreased since the first formulations. Ethinyl estradiol is now used as the estrogenic component of most combination oral contraceptives. The majority of progestins currently used in combination oral contraceptives are derivatives of 19-nortestosterone. However, drospirenone, which is combined with ethinyl estradiol in a new combination oral contraceptive, is a novel progestin that is derived from 17α-spirolactone and is an analogue of spironolactone. The extremely low failure rate with ideal use of combination oral contraceptives is seldom duplicated in actual usage. Women often discontinue combination oral contraceptives within the first 2 months due to side effects that would likely have decreased over time. Although there are some areas of increased health risk with combination, oral contraceptives, the benefits far outweigh the potential risks. In addition to providing effective contraception, combination oral contraceptives are sometimes used for their many noncontraceptive health benefits e.g., treatment of menstrual irregularities and management of premenstrual symptoms. The most practical solution to the problem of poor compliance appears to lie in providing adequate education and counseling to women using combination oral contraceptives so that they know how to use them properly and what side effects they might expect. Patients also need to be given the facts about potential increases in the risk of certain conditions to help correct any misperceptions.
Healthcare networks: Involvment of various healthcare professionals. Example of the "Midi-Pyrénées" network for diabetes care: DIAMIP; Diabetes is a very representative model of chronic disease requiring a partnership between various healthcare professionals. The organisation of healthcare networks allows a global care improvement. For the "Midi-Pyrénées" area, the diabetes network associates physicians and other healthcare professionals, working in their private - practice or in clinics or hospitals. The priority of this network was to develop therapeutic patient education, outdoors and indoors. The use of a specific communication system will be unavoidable, as a basis for medical files, evaluation, and permanent updates for the network members. Current projects concern a regional organization for chronic foot ulcers care, coronary heart disease and diabetes during pregnancy. These various care domains suppose the collaboration with other regional networks.
Liver-fat accumulation and insulin resistance in obese women with previous gestational diabetes.; OBJECTIVE: We determined whether fat accumulation in the liver is associated with features of insulin resistance independent of obesity. RESEARCH METHODS AND PROCEDURES: We recruited 27 obese nondiabetic women in whom liver fat (LFAT) content was determined by proton spectroscopy, intra-abdominal and subcutaneous fat by magnetic resonance imaging, and insulin sensitivity by the euglycemic insulin clamp technique. The women were divided based on their median LFAT content (5%) to groups with low (3.2 +/- 0.3%) and high (9.8 +/- 1.5%) liver fat. The groups were almost identical with respect to age (36 +/- 1 vs. 38 +/- 1 years in low vs. high-LFAT), body mass index (32.2 +/- 0.6 vs. 32.8 +/- 0.5 kg/m(2)), waist-to-hip ratio, intra-abdominal, subcutaneous, and total fat content. RESULTS: Women with high LFAT had features of insulin resistance including higher fasting serum triglyceride (1.93 +/- 0.21 vs. 1.11 +/- 0.09 mM, p < 0.01) and insulin (14 +/- 3 vs. 10 +/- 1 mU/L, p < 0.05) concentrations than women with low LFAT. The group with high LFAT also had higher 24-hour blood pressures, and lower whole-body insulin sensitivity compared with the low-LFAT group. DISCUSSION: In obese women with previous gestational diabetes, LFAT, rather than any measure of body composition, is associated with features of insulin resistance.
Treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome with insulin-lowering agents; Early diagnosis and therapy of the underlying insulin resistance of heritable polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), often manifested at menarche, facilitate the reduction and/or reversal of the reproductive and metabolic morbidity of PCOS, as well as reduce the risk factors for cardiovascular disease. PCOS is characterised by oligoamenorrhoea, clinical and biochemical hyperandrogenism, infertility, recurrent miscarriage, insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia, gestational diabetes, impaired glucose tolerance, Type 2 diabetes, morbid obesity, hypertension, hypofibrinolysis, hypertriglyceridaemia, low levels of high density lipoprotein-cholesterol and a sevenfold risk increase in cardiovascular disease. Insulin sensitising-lowering agents reduce insulin resistance and hyperinsulinaemia, reverse PCOS endocrinopathy and ameliorate the reproductive, metabolic and cardiovascular morbidity of the disorder. The largest literature on the subject discusses metformin. Improved pregnancy outcomes in women with PCOS receiving metformin may be attributed to its ability to reduce insulin resistance, hyperinsulinaemia and hypofibrinolytic plasminogen activator inhibitor activity by the enhancement of folliculogenesis and improvement of oocyte quality.
Exercise in pregnancy: How safe is it?; The role of exercise in pregnancy (EIP) is widely debated. Pregnancy produces marked changes of several physiologic variables of the mother. Regular EIP limits the increase in O2 requirement and produces an increase in the absolute anaerobic threshold, which persists for up to 36 weeks. Exercise in pregnancy reduces the incidence of muscle cramps, lower limb edema, fatigue, and shortness of breath. Increased knee cruciate ligament laxity does not normally produce any instability. Exercise in pregnancy reduces the increase in baseline maternal heart rate that occurs in pregnancy. Heart rate and stroke volume increase more markedly with exercise in pregnant women than in nonpregnant controls. Noradrenalin response to EIP is lower than in nonpregnant controls. Blood glucose levels decrease more promptly and to lower values with exercise in pregnant women than in nonpregnant controls. Glucose tolerance normally decreases in pregnancy, but increases during EIP. Regular EIP improves glucose tolerance in diabetic mothers and reduces total maternal weight gain and subcutaneous fat deposition toward the lower end of the normal range. Regular EIP produces higher plasma endorphin levels during labor and better pain tolerance than in sedentary controls. Women who undertake regular EIP have a lower incidence of 3rd- and 4th-degree vaginal tears. Children of exercising mothers have similar birth-weights as children of sedentary mothers, and mental performance at age 5 is higher. If there are no specific obstetric or medical contraindications, fit pregnant women can safely maintain the same level of fitness during pregnancy, although exercise schedules may have to be reduced.
Insulin resistance syndrome in women with prior history of gestational diabetes mellitus; The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence of insulin resistance syndrome (IRS) and the risk factors for developing IRS among women with a history of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), compared with controls over 11 post-delivery years. Assessments of 106 women with a prior history of GDM and 101 controls were done on six occasions from 4-11 yr after delivery. Tests included glucose, insulin, lipids, blood pressure, and body measurements. The risk of IRS was analyzed by Cox regression. The results were that 27.2% of GDM and 8.2% of controls developed IRS by 11 yr after delivery. The hazard of developing IRS was 5.6 times (95% confidence interval = 2.6-12.3) among women with prepregnant obesity (body mass index >27.3 kg/m2), compared with women without prepregnant obesity and 4.4 times (95% confidence interval = 1.7-11.1) in women with a history of GDM, compared with controls. At 11 yr after delivery, the cumulative hazard for developing IRS in the next 2 yr was 26 times higher among GDM with prepregnant obesity, compared with controls without prepregnant obesity. We concluded that obesity and GDM in a prior pregnancy are significant risk factors for developing IRS over time. Early detection of markers of IRS is vital for possible prevention of type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular adverse events in women.
Birth weight of offspring and insulin resistance in late adulthood: Cross sectional survey; Objective: To investigate the association between birth weight of offspring and mothers' insulin resistance in late adulthood. Design: Cross sectional survey. Setting: General practitioner's surgeries in 23 towns in Great Britain. Participants: 4286 women aged 60-79 years. Main outcome measures: Maternal insulin resistance. Results: Birth weight of offspring was inversely related to maternal insulin resistance in late adulthood. For each 1 kg higher birth weight of offspring, women had a 15% reduction in the odds of being in the fourth with highest insulin resistance, compared to other fourths (odds ratio 0.85; 95% confidence interval 0.71 to 1.00). This increased to 27% (0.73; 0.60 to 0.90) after adjusting data for potential confounders. A U shaped relation between birth weight of offspring and diabetes in older age was found; women with the lightest and heaviest offspring had the highest prevalence of diabetes. Conclusions: Birth weight of offspring is inversely related to the mother's insulin resistance in late adulthood, despite the association of glucose intolerance during pregnancy with heavier offspring at birth. Common genetic factors probably contribute to the relation between birth weight and risk of cardiovascular disease and diabetes in adults.
Fetal cardiomyopathies: Pathogenic mechanisms, hemodynamic findings, and clinical outcome; Background - Although the prenatal diagnosis of most fetal structural heart defects and dysrhythmias has been described, there is a paucity of information about cardiomyopathies (CMs) in prenatal life. Methods and Results - To determine the pathogenic mechanisms, hemodynamic findings, and outcome of fetal CM, we reviewed the fetal echocardiograms and perinatal histories of 55 affected fetuses. Dilated CM was diagnosed in 22 cases, including 2 with congenital infections, 5 familial cases, 6 with endocardial fibroelastosis related to maternal anti-Ro/La antibodies, and 9 idiopathic cases. Thirty-three had hypertrophic CM, 7 associated with maternal diabetes, 2 with Noonan's syndrome, 2 with α-thalassemia, 18 with twin-twin transfusion syndrome, 1 with familial hypertrophy, and 3 with idiopathic hypertrophy. Systolic dysfunction was present in all cases of dilated CM and 15 cases of hypertrophic CM. Diastolic dysfunction was present in 19 of 30 fetuses with assessment of diastolic function parameters. Significant mitral or tricuspid valve regurgitation was seen in 32 cases. Eight fetuses were hydropic and 23 had signs of early hydrops. Seven pregnancies were terminated. Of 46 continued pregnancies with follow-up, 29 (63%) died perinatally. The presence of systolic dysfunction, diastolic dysfunction, and significant atrioventricular valve regurgitation were identified as risk factors for mortality. By multiple logistic regression, diastolic dysfunction was associated with an 8-fold increased risk relative to the other parameters. Conclusions - Fetal CM has a broad spectrum of intrinsic and extrinsic causes. A poor outcome is observed in many affected fetuses. Diastolic dysfunction in fetal CM is associated with the highest risk of mortality.
The role of metformine chlorhydrate therapy in the treatment of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS); The author reports his one and a half year's experience regarding the treatment of PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome) with the use of Metformine. The aim of this therapy is to correct disturbances induced by the compensatory hyperinsulinaemia of insulin - resistance. In cases of meeting the diagnostic criteria for PCOS and hyperinsulinaemia Metformine treatment was initiated and continued for 4-12 months. Most important criteria were represented by the characteristic sonographic appearence of the ovaries and the compensatory hyperinsulinaemia. 2. Oligo- or amenorrhoeic episodes following the menarche. Anovulation. 3. Sterility, infertility. 4. Hirsutism. Alopecia. 5. Obesity. 6. Acne. Acanthosis nigricans. 7. Unresponsive Clomifen test or the test leading to hyperstimulation. 8. Pathological serum-sample results: LH/ FSH ratio greater than 2.5; low progesteron, occasionally increased estrogen levels; increased testosterone levels (above 2.0 nmol/1); hyperinsulinaemia (fasting glucose/insulin ratio lower than 4.5); occasional associated hyperprolactinaemia. Since these patients were young impairement of their lipoprotein metabolism was not characteristic. The diagnosis of PCOS was established when at least two of the above listed criteria were present in association with two impaired laboratory results as well as the characteristic ultrasound image and hyperinsulinaemia. Each patient was given a detailed information about the expected duration, mode and possible side effects of the treatment as well as the essentials regarding their illness and therapy. The author avoided administration of other, hormonal drugs during the first months of Metformine therapy except in cases where a serious indication was present. Changes in the sonographic appearence of the ovaries, resulting in regular ovulatory cycles, pregnancy, normalisation of the hormonal status, as well as improvement of the various other symptoms (acne, hirsutism, obesity) were the bases of controle of the patients' condition. Two out of the 33 treated patients stopped treatment due to the side effects followed by another two after two to three months. In 5 cases where pregnancy was the main goal, regular cycles returned. 12 pregnancies resulted out of which one ectopic and one missed abortion occured. There were no cases of gestational diabetes or spontaneous abortion. By using only Metformine 7 patients with PCOS whose main problem was cycle-disturbance and didn't want pregnancy resumed regular cycles and normal laboratory values. The improvement lasted for only a few months in 5 cases followed by a relapse. It is an interesting observation that patients who strictly adhered to the dietary recommendations and were able to lose 3-8 kilogrammes of weight showed a faster and considerably longer-lasting improvement. The therapeutic efforts were often insufficient with patients unable to lose weight. The author would like to stress upon a shift in the approach of the clinical care of patients with polycystic ovary syndrome from the symptome-driven care and follow methods to primarily prevent the chronic disease which can appear in youth. Metabolic disturbances playing a determinant role in the onset of PCOS are important pathogenic factors for the early onset of carbohydrate-intolerance or diabetes. The lipoprotein lipid profiles are compatible with the effects of insulin-resistance. Disturbed cholesterol and triglyceride metabolism may initiate premature cardiovascular disease. The efficacy of prevention depends upon a well coordinated team-work. There is a need to delineate and prepare professional protocols presenting uniform guidelines and principles of care.
Pregnancy complications and maternal cardiovascular risk: Opportunities for intervention and screening?; The link between defective nutrition of the fetus and vascular disease in later life is now well established. Naveed Sattar and Ian Greer report on the intriguing probability that complications in pregnancy also predispose mothers to later vascular and metabolic disease.
Value of autopsy in nonimmune hydrops fetalis: Series of 51 stillborn fetuses; Nonimmune hydrops fetalis (NIHF) is used to describe fetuses and newborns with generalized edema and cavity effusions. It is helpful to alert physicians about the presence of anemia, heart failure, and/or hypoproteinemia, but this diagnosis is frequently overlooked. We reviewed the autopsy files from 1990 to 2000, selected all cases with NIHF including clinical information (with maternal laboratory tests and ultrasound), and classified patients by etiology. Among 840 stillborn autopsies during the 11-year period, we found 51 with NIHF (6.07%). The clinical summary had mentioned hydrops in 14 patients and the etiology in another 7 by fetal ultrasonography, but without addressing the possibility of hydrops. In the remaining 30 cases neither hydrops nor an etiology was mentioned. Other pertinent diagnoses were maternal diabetes mellitus (4), congenital heart disease (3), and cystic hygroma (2). The following diagnoses were made in one instance each: cardiac tumor, twin transfusion syndrome, congenital adenomatoid malformation, syphilis, Turner syndrome, and cerebral arteriovenous malformation. Postmortem and placental examination confirmed the following etiologies: congenital infections (17); placental pathology significant enough to explain NIHF (10); cardiovascular diseases (8) (further classified as congenital heart disease [3], rhabdomyoma [1], and vascular malformations [4]); chromosomal abnormalities (6); uncontrolled maternal diabetes (4); intrathoracic lesions (2); prune-belly syndrome (2); and idiopathic NIHF (2). Only 3.9% of the cases studied had no identifiable etiology. The cause of hydrops was confirmed by autopsy in 47 fetuses (92%), which further supports the importance of performing an autopsy. Thirty-two cases (62.74%) had placental abnormalities helpful to the etiology (parvovirus, syphilis, Turner's syndrome, etc.). In 20 instances, the clinical summary had no mention of either hydrops or any of the diseases leading to it. The autopsy in conjunction with placental examination and fetal ultrasound represent the best combination to determine the etiology of NIHF among stillborn fetuses.
In-patient management of diabetes mellitus and patient satisfaction; Aims: To devise a system for assessing in-patient glycaemic control and care satisfaction in diabetic patients admitted to hospital for reasons other than their diabetes. Methods: Consecutive January to March 2001 case-notes were reviewed. Admissions with acute metabolic complications, acute myocardial infarction and pregestational or gestational diabetes were excluded. Glycaemic control, frequency of blood monitoring and management of hyperglycaemia were recorded. The diabetes treatment satisfaction questionnaire was used to assess preadmission satisfaction with care. Post-admission a 12-stem questionnaire was used to assess satisfaction with in-patient diabetes management. Results: Hypoglycaemia was common. Although none developed a hyperglycaemic emergency, high blood glucose was prevalent and, frequently, persistent hyperglycaemia or recurrent hypoglycaemia was not acted on appropriately. The overall score for in-patient satisfaction with treatment was fair (4.1 ± 1.8 on a six-point scale; 6 = very satisfied and 1 = very dissatisfied). Scores were higher among patients on surgical wards than on medical wards (P = 0.008), but satisfaction did not vary when patients were stratified according to sex, age and mode of treatment. Conclusion: Current systems are not achieving satisfactory in-patient glycaemic control and there is poor satisfaction with medical in-patient diabetes care. Following changes intended to produce improvements, this assessment system can be used recurrently to monitor in-patient care and satisfaction.
Failure of intensive fetal monitoring and ultrasound in reducing the stillbirth rate.; Although highly popularized among obstetricians, there are conflicting results regarding the efficacy of high-resolution ultrasound and other fetal well-being tests on improving neonatal outcome and morbidity. To assess the impact of unrestricted fetal well-being tests and sonographic evaluations on the stillbirth rate, we evaluated a total of 1,810 pregnancies 20 weeks of gestation or more from a single private clinic serving a mixed population of high and low-risk patients. All patients were performed high-resolution sonography during each trimester of pregnancy. In addition, on each prenatal visit, fetal heart rate, position and amniotic fluid index were documented by a limited sonographic scan. Further sonographic studies were done whenever deemed necessary depending on the clinical situation. Biophysical profiles were performed in the third trimester at any time a risk factor was identified, and repeated as frequently as estimated necessary. All cases of fetal death in utero were documented and the associated maternal risk factors assessed. A total of 14 stillbirths occurred among the 1,810 patients. The stillbirth rate for this population was determined to be 7.7/1000 births (U.S. national average of 6.7-7.8/1000 births). The most common associated maternal complications were Diabetes (4 cases) and Antiphospholipid syndrome (3 cases). All except for one fetus lost at 37 weeks had at least one identifiable maternal risk factor. These results prove that intensive fetal surveillance, even when unrestricted by economic concerns, has limited effectiveness in avoiding fetal demise. This is most probably due to acute placental and cord accidents that cannot be detected promptly enough or that are simply unavoidable.
Sialic acid content in erythrocyte membranes from pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes; Sialic acid (SA) content, membrane fluidity, and Na+/K+-adenosine triphosphatase (ATPase) activity were determined in erythrocyte membrane from 10 nonpregnant women (HNPW), 16 pregnant women affected by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), and 25 healthy pregnant women (HPW). In GDM patients the membrane erythrocyte SA content was significantly increased compared with HNPW and membrane fluidity was significantly increased in comparison with HPW. Erythrocyte membrane Na+/K+-ATPase activity was significantly reduced in GDM patients compared both to HNPW and to HPW subjects. A significant inverse correlation was found between 1-(4-trimethylaminophenyl)-6-phenyl-1,3,5-hexatriene (TMA-DPH) anisotropy and erythrocyte membrane SA content in HNPW and in HPW, while this significant correlation was not observed in GDM. The present results indicate that in comparison with normal pregnancy GDM is characterized by deep alterations of the erythrocyte plasma membrane physicochemical properties (increased fluidity) and functional activities (reduced Na+/K+-ATPase activity). These modifications might be at the basis of the altered blood viscosity and placentral perfusion observed under such conditions. Moreover, these results show that in physiological pregnancy and in the nonpregnant state, the erythrocyte surface membrane fluidity is inversely correlated with SA content, while in GDM there is an unbalance of this relation, which might be associated with the microcirculatory abnormality present in this disease. Copyright 2002, Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Increasing incidence of type 2 diabetes in children and adolescents: Treatment considerations; The emerging public health problem of type 2 diabetes in youth reflects increasing rates of childhood obesity. As in adults, type 2 diabetes in children is part of the insulin resistance syndrome that includes hypertension, dyslipidemia and other atherosclerosis risk factors, and hyperandrogenism seen as premature adrenarche and polycystic ovary syndrome. Studies in children document risk factors for type 2 diabetes and associated cardiovascular risk factors, including obesity, family history, diabetic gestation, and underweight or overweight for gestational age. Genetically determined insulin resistance, or limited β-cell reserve, has been demonstrated in high risk individuals. This genetic background, considered advantageous in a feast and famine existence (the thrifty genotype), is rendered detrimental with abundant food and physical inactivity, a lifestyle demonstrated to be typical of families of children with type 2 diabetes. Case finding in high risk individuals who are asymptomatic may be an appropriate response to the public health challenge of type 2 diabetes in children, because risk factors for cardiovascular disease are already present at the time of diagnosis. Treatment is dictated by the degree of metabolic derangement and symptoms. The only data on the use of oral hypoglycemic agents in children has been with metformin. Prevention efforts will require community and government involvement to reduce obesity and increase physical activity in the child, as well as adult, population.
Pregnancy outcomes after first trimester exposure to phentermine/fenfluramine; Background: Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 because of its association with cardiac-valve abnormalities in adults. The combination of fenfluramine and phentermine had been widely used to promote weight loss, and many women were inadvertently exposed during the first trimester of pregnancy. The possible effect on the developing fetus has not been studied. Methods: Controlled prospective cohort study comparing 98 women who had taken phentermine/fenfluramine to 233 women who had not, all of whom contacted the California Teratogen Information Service during pregnancy. Results: The proportion of liveborn infants with major structural anomalies was similar in the two groups (3.6% vs. 1.0%, relative risk (RR) 3.59; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.61, 21.10), as was the proportion of infants with ≤ minor anomalies (11.7% vs. 7.6%, RR 1.53; 95% CI 0.61, 3.82). Furthermore, no pattern of malformation was identified. There were no significant differences between the groups in spontaneous pregnancy loss (6.1% vs. 8.2%, P = 0.65) or premature delivery (8.6% vs. 7.7%, P = 0.95). Birth weight and head circumference were significantly increased in the exposed group; however, these differences were not associated with anorexiant use itself. The rate of gestational diabetes was significantly increased in pregnant women who took phentermine/fenfluramine during the first trimester of pregnancy. Conclusions: Although it is not possible from this study to rule out weak to moderate associations, the lack of an increased risk of spontaneous pregnancy loss, and major or minor anomalies in the offspring of women who took phentermine/fenfluramine at the recommended daily dose during the first trimester of pregnancy is reassuring. ©2002. Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Isolated neonatal ductus arteriosus aneurysm; OBJECTIVES: A prospective study was performed to evaluate the incidence, clinical manifestations and outcome of ductus arteriosus aneurysm (DAA) in fun-term neonates. BACKGROUND: Ductus arteriosus aneurysm has been considered to be a rare congenital lesion and a potentially fatal abnormality. METHODS: A total of 548 full-term neonates received echocardiographic screening. RESULTS: There were 48 (8.8%) patients (28 boys and 20 girls) with DAA detected by echocardiography. The maximal diameter of the DAA ranged from 6.5 to 11.2 mm (8.2 ± 1.2 mm). All cases were asymptomatic. There were no significant differences in gender, gestational age, maternal age or Apgar score between the newborns with or without DAA. Newborns with DAA had a higher birth body weight, higher incidence of maternal gestational diabetes mellitus and more mothers with blood group A, compared with newborns without DAA (p < 0.05). Follow-up echocardiograms showed spontaneous closure of the ductus arteriosus in all patients except those without DAA. The DAA became progressively smaller after ductal closure in 33 patients (70.2%) and completely disappeared by 7 to 35 days of life. The other 14 patients (29.8%) with DAA had echocardiographic evidence of progressive formation of thrombi between the third and tenth day of life. The DAA and thrombi spontaneously disappeared in all patients by one month after birth. CONCLUSIONS: There is a higher incidence of DAA with a good outcome in our series compared with previous reports. We speculate that the presence of DAA may be a normal variant of the ductal bump and part of a normal process of spontaneous ductal closure in full-term neonates. © 2002 by the American College of Cardiology.
The older obstetric patient; A new era has begun in which the modern woman is able to delay childbearing if she wishes, even beyond normal reproductive age. Developments in contraception, obstetric care coupled with greater equality in the workplace have all had an influence in the timing of childbearing for women in the developed world. Older mothers are often well informed and have a great deal of knowledge about labour and its complications. Anxiety in both the older mother and the obstetrician may be responsible for a greater degree of medical intervention, including Caesarean section, in this group. However, with the exception of gestational diabetes and pregnancy-induced hypertension, age per se may not be held solely responsible for a greater frequency of obstetric complications in healthy mothers of 40 years and above. Maternal mortality increases as a function of maternal age. This is in part again related to the increased rate of Caesarean section with its known complications. As with all other measured parameters for this group of women in the literature, data on perinatal mortality and morbidity is conflicting. Most studies show an increase in stillbirths and perinatal mortality; however, there are a few studies that contradict this view. © 2002 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Will feeding mothers prevent the Asian metabolic syndrome epidemic?; Evolutionary pressures have probably amplified the mechanisms for minimizing the impact of environmental factors through compensatory maternal mechanisms. Nevertheless, experimentally there are clear long-term programming effects of manipulations to the maternal diet on the likelihood of neural-tube defects associated with folate deficiency The fat/lean ratios of the newborn, and subsequent development, seem to be linked to amino acid or folate supply. An altered balance in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, which experimentally has profound effects on brain development, is induced by low-protein maternal diets. Such diets are linked to a reduced pancreatic capacity for insulin production and to an altered hepatic architecture, with a change in the control of glucose metabolism. Human studies suggest that what happens in pregnancy is modified by the child's diet in the first months of life. Low birthweight is linked to early stunting, and predisposes to abdominal obesity and metabolic syndrome in later life. Metabolic syndrome amplifies the risks of diabetes, hypertension, coronary heart disease and probably some cancers. Mothers with gestational diabetes are themselves prone to early type 2 diabetes and produce heavier babies prone to childhood obesity and adolescent type 2 diabetes. There is increasing evidence of an intergenerational effect, with big babies being prone to excess weight gain, which then, in girls, predisposes them to diabetes in pregnancy, which, in turn, promotes an accelerating cycle of early diabetes in subsequent generations. Essential fatty acids and fat soluble vitamins are important, but we need early interventions and monitoring systems to justify coherent policies.
Diagnosis of congenital cardiac defects between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation in high-risk patients; Objective. To examine the feasibility of diagnosing congenital cardiac defects between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation in a high-risk population. Methods. Fetal echocardiography was first offered at 11 to 14 weeks' gestation to all patients at risk for congenital heart defects. Echocardiography performed at 11 to 14 weeks with normal results was repeated at 14 to 16 and 20 to 24 weeks. Final diagnoses of cardiac anomalies that had been observed at 11 to 14 weeks were established at 14 to 16 weeks or later. Fetal echocardiography performed at 14 to 16 weeks with normal results was repeated at 20 to 24 weeks. Ascertainment of cardiac anomalies was obtained by postnatal echocardiography or pathologic examination of the fetal heart after termination of pregnancy. Most of the examinations were performed transvaginally until 16 weeks. The transabdominal approach was used at this stage only when patients refused the transvaginal examination or because of technical difficulties. Three hundred ninetytwo fetal echocardiographic examinations were performed between 11 and 14 weeks' gestation; 438 examinations were performed between 14 and 16 weeks; and 777 examinations were performed between 20 and 24 weeks. The major indications for fetal echocardiography at 11 to 14 weeks were maternal diabetes and previous pregnancy with congenital heart defects. Results. Six of 7 major fetal cardiac anomalies were detected. The only major cardiac anomaly that was not detected between 11 and 14 weeks was correctly diagnosed at 22 weeks. Only 1 of 5 minor fetal cardiac anomalies was detected between 11 and 14 weeks. Another 2 minor fetal cardiac anomalies were detected at 23 weeks. Four incorrect diagnoses of minor cardiac anomalies were excluded on repeated fetal echocardiography between 20 and 24 weeks. Conclusions. The initial attempt to diagnose congenital heart defects should be offered at 11 to 14 weeks' gestation.
Post-term pregnancy: Should induction of labor be considered before 42 weeks?; Objective: To determine the occurrence of maternal and fetal complications in low-risk pregnancies beyond 39 weeks and to re-evaluate the acceptable cut-off (42 weeks) for induction of labor. Study design: A total of 36 160 low-risk pregnancies with reliable dating of gestational age (last menstrual period and early ultrasound examination) were evaluated retrospectively for fetal and maternal complications, including non-progressive labor, cervical tear, retained placenta, postpartum hemorrhage, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring and ante-, intra- and postpartum death. Pregnancy outcomes at different gestational ages were compared using univariate and multivariate analysis and receiver operator curves. Results: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, retained placenta, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring were found to be significantly higher with increasing gestational age in the univariate analysis. These parameters were evaluated using multivariate analysis and the following were found to be significantly higher: non-progressive labor stage I and II, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. Statistical analysis (receiver operator curves) showed that the most significant rise in the risk for non-progressive labor occurred after 42 completed weeks of gestation, and after 41 completed weeks for macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. Conclusions: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, macrosomia and Cesarean section were significantly higher with increasing gestational age. In order to decrease the rate of macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section, we suggest that induction of labor should be considered before 42 weeks.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a newborn infant born to diabetic mother supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a common complication in infants born to diabetic mothers but it is rarely life threatening. Case report. - A neonate born to a diabetic mother with a severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with life threatening respiratory and haemodynamic distress was successfully supported by extracorporeal membrane oxygenation. Conclusion. - Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation can be an efficient transitory therapy for very severe hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers. © 2002 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS.
Circulating concentrations of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine are increased in women with previous gestational diabetes; Aims/hypothesis. The concentration of asymmetrical dimethyl-L-arginine (ADMA), an endogenous inhibitor of the nitric oxide synthase, is increased in patients at risk or with cardiovascular disease. We have investigated ADMA concentrations in women with a history of gestational diabetes (GDM), who could develop endothelial dysfunction and Type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus after delivery, and in healthy control subjects. Methods. Previous GDM patients were grouped according to their BMI as obese (≥25 kg/m2, n=46) or non-adipose (<25 kg/m2, n=31). Serum samples were taken 14 to 16 weeks after delivery and after 1 year. The control group comprised 17 healthy women (BMI<25 kg/m2). ADMA concentrations were analysed by high performance liquid chromatography. Results. ADMA concentrations were comparable between obese and non-adipose GDM patients (0.58±0.02 and 0.57±0.02 μmol/l, respectively), and higher than in the control group (0.47±0.03 μmol/l; p<0.006). Insulin resistance as estimated by the insulin sensitivity index was more frequent among the obese than the non-adipose GDM women (p<0.05) and control subjects (p<0.05, both). No change in ADMA concentrations was found after 1 year in women with GDM. There was only a slight correlation between ADMA and BMI (r=0.26, p<0.02), triglycerides (r=0.29, p<0.004), or fasting plasma glucose (r=0.21, p<0.05), and not with the insulin sensitivity index or other parameters. In a multiple regression analysis ADMA serum concentrations were only associated with triglycerides. Conclusion/interpretation. Circulating ADMA concentrations are increased in normoglycaemic women with previous GDM. This increase is independent from other risk factors or surrogate markers for diabetes or cardiovascular events.
Perinatal aspects of iron metabolism; Iron sufficiency is critical for rapidly developing fetal and neonatal organ systems. The majority of iron in the third trimester fetus and the neonate is found in the red cell mass (as hemoglobin), with lesser amounts in the tissues as storage iron (e.g. ferritin) or functional iron (e.g. myoglobin, cytochromes). Iron is prioritized to hemoglobin synthesis in red cells when iron supply does not meet iron demand. Thus, non-heme tissues such as the skeletal muscle, heart and brain will become iron deficient before signs of iron-deficiency anemia. Gestational conditions that result in lower newborn iron stores include severe maternal iron deficiency, maternal hypertension with intrauterine growth retardation and maternal diabetes mellitus. Stable, very low birthweight premature infants are also at risk for early postnatal iron deficiency because they accrete less iron during gestation, grow more rapidly postnatally, are typically undertreated with enteral iron and receive fewer red cell transfusions. Conversely, iron overload remains a significant concern in multiply transfused sick preterm infants because they have low levels of iron-binding proteins and immature antioxidant systems. Conclusion: The highly variable iron status of preterm infants combined with their risk for iron deficiency and toxicity warrants careful monitoring and support in the newborn and postdischarge periods.
Hypoglycemia and embryonic heart development.; Abnormal embryonic development is a complication of the diabetic pregnancy, and heart defects are among the most common and detrimental congenital malformations of the diabetic embryopathy. Hypoglycemia is a common side effect of diabetes therapy and is a potential teratogen. An association between hypoglycemia and congenital defects has been difficult to demonstrate in humans, but in vivo and in vitro animal studies have illustrated the importance of glucose as a substrate for normal development. Hypoglycemia alters embryonic heart morphology, producing abnormal looping and chamber expansion, decreased myocardial thickness, disorganized layers, and decreased overall size. Hypoglycemia decreases embryonic heart rate and vascularity, and it alters embryonic heart metabolism by increasing glucose uptake and glycolysis. Hypoglycemia also affects protein expression in the embryonic heart, increasing the expression of glucose regulated proteins, hexokinase, and glucose transport protein. Thus, hypoglycemia interferes with normal cardiogenesis and alters morphology, function, metabolism, and expression of certain proteins in the developing heart. It is likely that these factors contribute to heart defects observed in the diabetic embryopathy, but the definitive link has yet to be made. Future studies are expected to further elucidate mechanisms mediating hypoglycemia-induced cardiac dysmorphogenesis.
Post-term pregnancy: Should induction of labor be considered before 42 weeks?; Objective: To determine the occurrence of maternal and fetal complications in low-risk pregnancies beyond 39 weeks and to re-evaluate the acceptable cut-off (42 weeks) for induction of labor. Study design: A total of 36 160 low-risk pregnancies with reliable dating of gestational age (last menstrual period and early ultrasound examination) were evaluated retrospectively for fetal and maternal complications, including non-progressive labor, cervical tear, retained placenta, post-partum hemorrhage, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring and ante-, intra- and postpartum death. Pregnancy outcomes at different gestational ages were compared using univariate and multivariate analysis and receiver operator curves. Results: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, retained placenta, vacuum delivery, Cesarean section, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and non-reassuring fetal heart rate monitoring were found to be significantly higher with increasing gestational age in the univariate analysis. These parameters were evaluated using multivariate analysis and the following were found to be significantly higher: non-progressive labor stage I and II, macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. Statistical analysis (receiver operator curves) showed that the most significant rise in the risk for non-progressive labor occurred after 42 completed weeks of gestation, and after 41 completed weeks for macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section. Conclusions: The rates of non-progressive labor stage I and II, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, macrosomia and Cesarean section were significantly higher with increasing gestational age. In order to decrease the rate of macrosomia, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and Cesarean section, we suggest that induction of labor should be considered before 42 weeks.
Diabetes and women; Most information about diabetes pertains both to women and men, with diabetes during pregnancy the obvious exception. This review emphasizes recently published studies and practice guidelines. Most studies cited include enough female subjects to warrant applying the conclusions to women.
Incidence of major structural cardiac defects associated with increased nuchal translucency but normal karyotype; Objective: To examine the association between increased nuchal translucency thickness and major cardiac defects in chromosomally normal fetuses. Setting: Tertiary referral unit for fetal medicine and fetal cardiology. Methods: During a 4-year period (January 1997 to January 2001), detailed echocardiography was performed in 1319 chromosomally normal fetuses with increased nuchal translucency thickness at 10-14 weeks of gestation. The incidence of major cardiac defects was examined in relation to the fetal NT at the 10-14-week scan. Results: Major cardiac defects were diagnosed in 60 (4.5%) of the 1319 fetuses. In fetuses with a nuchal translucency thickness in the range of 2.5-3.4 mm, the incidence of major cardiac defects was 2.5% (18/722; 95% confidence interval, 1.5-3.9) and in those with a nuchal translucency thickness ≥3.5 mm, it was 7% (42/597; 95% confidence interval, 5.1-9.4). Conclusion: Specialist echocardiography is indicated in all fetuses with increased nuchal translucency thickness because, in such fetuses, the incidence of major cardiac defects is substantially higher than in pregnancies with maternal diabetes, family history and exposure to drugs, where fetal echocardiography is widely considered to be necessary.
Long-term consequences for offspring of diabetes during pregnancy; There is evidence that the diabetic intra-uterine environment has consequences for later life. Maternal diabetes mainly results in asymmetric macrosomia. This macrosomia is associated with an increased insulin secretion and overstimulation of the insulin producing B-cells during fetal life. In later life, a reduced insulin secretion is found. Intra-uterine growth restriction is present in severe maternal diabetes associated with vasculopathy. Intra-uterine growth restriction is associated with low insulin secretion and reduced development of the insulin receptors. In later life, these alterations can induce insulin resistance. The longterm consequences of an abnormal intra-uterine environment are of primary importance world-wide. Concentrated efforts are needed to explore how these long-term effects can be prevented.
Suitable forms of contraception for diabetic women; Low-dose oral contraceptives can be used by a great number of women with IDDM or a previous gestational diabetes mellitus. Others hormonal contraceptives (progestogen-only preparations) are less convenient and the compliance is poor with an increasing risk of gynaecologic side effects. The safety of this contraceptives as regards vascular diabetic complications is not evaluated well. Nulliparous patients with progressive complications can use barrier methods of contraception after education. Macroprogestative contraception is a adequate choice for women within forties. For multiparous diabetic women, intra-uterine devices represent the first choice.
Gestational diabetes: Practice points for GPs; All pregnant women should be checked for gestational diabetes at about 26 to 28 weeks. High risk women should be checked before conception and at 12, 26 to 28 and 32 weeks' gestation. A shared-care multidisciplinary approach is the key to successful management. Lifestyle modification and insulin therapy may be needed. Target blood glucose values during the pregnancy are below 5.5 mmol/L before meals and below 7.0 mmol/L two hours after meals. Extra obstetric monitoring may be required. Advise on the risk of diabetes to the child, with future pregnancies and in the long term. Consider assessing other cardiovascular risk factors.
Blood pressure and heart rate changes during pregnancy in fructose-fed Sprague-Dawley rats.; Blood pressure and heart rate changes during pregnancy were investigated in fructose-fed (diabetic) Sprague-Dawley rats. A total of 48 pubertal female rats were used. The experimental rats were fed with 25% (w/w) fructose mixed with normal rat chow for minimum period of 3 weeks while the control rats were fed with the normal rat chow. They all had free access to drinking water. Systolic, diastolic and mean arterial blood pressures and the heart rates were measured in both non-pregnant and pregnant control rats and their diabetic counterparts.The results indicate that systolic blood pressures significantly increased progressively during pregnancy in fructose-fed rats as compared with the non-pregnant rats (P < 0.0001) while in the control rats, except for the 2nd trimester sub-group, which had a similar value with the non-pregnant sub-group, the systolic blood pressure (SBP) also, increased steadily. When the diabetic group is compared with the control group, the SBP (in the 2nd trimester sub-groups) was raised from 82.18 +/- 1.26 mmHg in control rats to 112.48 +/- 1.26 mmHg in the diabetic rats (P < 0.0001). Diastolic blood pressure (DBP) progressively increased significantly in the diabetic rats from 63.94 +/- 3.95 mmHg in the non-pregnant sub-group to 91.95 +/- 1.89 mmHg in the 3rd trimester sub-group of the pregnant rats (P < 0.0001). The DBP of the 2nd trimester sub-group of the diabetic rats was significantly raised from 61.88 +/- 4.20 mmHg in the control rats to 89.60 +/- 1.79 mmHg in the diabetic rats (P < 0.0001). In addition, the mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) was significantly raised in the 1st and 2nd trimester of the diabetic rats from 70.61 +/- 3.12 mmHg in the non-pregnant diabetic rats to 96.28 +/- 1.36 mmHg and 97.13 +/- 1.15 mmHg respectively, (P < 0.0001, P < 0.0001). There was a progressive increase in the heart rates, in both control and diabetic groups, from non-pregnant sub-groups to the 3 trimesters of pregnancy. The body weights of the 2 groups of rats increased significantly as pregnancy progressed.These results suggest that fructose-induced diabetes could cause the development of sustained hypertension during pregnancy via the insulin-resistance-hyperinsulinemia-link.
Hyperglycemia-induced ascorbic acid deficiency promotes endothelial dysfunction and the development of atherosclerosis; Dehydroascorbic acid, the oxidized form of vitamin C, is transported into mammalian cells via facilitative glucose transporters and hyperglycemia inhibits this process by competitive inhibition. This inhibited transport may promote oxidative stress and contribute to the increase in atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease observed in patients with diabetes mellitus. This review explores the importance of this proposed mechanism in light of current research. For example, recent reports suggest that administration of antioxidants, such as vitamin C, may slow atherogenesis by improving endothelium-dependent vasodilation in individuals with abnormal glucose and lipid metabolism, perhaps by preventing the oxidation of nitric oxide, an important regulator of vasomotor tone. Endothelial dysfunction plays a key role in the development of atherosclerosis and endothelial cells may be particularly affected by hyperglycemia-induced ascorbic acid deficiency as they line the interior of blood vessels. In addition, we discuss evidence of several other mechanisms by which vitamin C status may affect the development of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease, particularly its inverse relationship to multiple cardiovascular disease risk factors and indicators. Given these factors, vitamin C administration is recommended during periods of both acute and chronic hyperglycemia to help preserve endothelial function. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Computerised analysis of fetal heart rate recordings in maternal type I diabetes mellitus; Objective: 1. To study computerised cardiotocograph parameters from women with type I diabetes; 2. to examine the significance of observed differences from the expected normal values. Design: Prospective observational study in the third trimester of pregnancy. Setting: The medical antenatal clinic of a tertiary referral centre. Population: Twenty-six women with type I diabetes mellitus with a singleton pregnancy. Methods: Computerised cardiotocograph recordings were made weekly from 28 to 39 weeks. Derived parameters were compared with the published figures for uncomplicated singleton pregnancies. Details of maternal blood sugar, labour and delivery and neonatal outcome were recorded. Data were compared between groups according to the computerised analysis of the antenatal CTGs. Results: One-hundred and thirty-one recordings were made with a median of five per patient (range 1-12). 11.3% showed absent episodes of high variation compared with the expected value of 0.8%, a difference of 9.5% (95% CI 4.5-15.3). Differences in short term variation, basal heart rate, frequency of fetal movements and heart rate accelerations were also found which changed with gestation. Overall these changes represented a more immature form of fetal heart rate than that which would be expected. No relationship between the changes and adverse fetal outcome could be identified. Conclusions: Significant differences exist in cardiotocographs in maternal type I diabetes compared with normal fetuses. The changes may represent a delay in fetal maturation. The analysis mode of the computer will register these as abnormal features, but there is no evidence that they are pathological. We would recommend that computerised analysis is not used to assess pregnancies complicated by maternal type I diabetes mellitus.
Association of arrhythmia and sudden death in macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita syndrome; Macrocephaly-cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita (M-CMTC) constitutes a distinct entity characterized by prenatal overgrowth, macrosomia, hemihypertrophy, macrocephaly, nonobstructive hydrocephaly, frontal bossing, hypotonia, developmental delay, generalized or facial capillary malformation with upper philtral nevus flammeus and cutis marmorata, joint hypermobility, loose skin, toe syndactyly, and postaxial polydactyly. All but one of the cases reported previously had benign clinical courses without showing an increased risk of early infant death. We describe three additional cases with poor clinical outcomes including severe postnatal growth failure, intractable cardiac arrhythmia in two cases, and sudden infant death in two cases. Arrhythmia has not been described previously as one of the symptoms of M-CMCT. Patients with M-CMTC associated with severe postnatal growth failure and arrhythmia may constitute a distinct clinical subtype of M-CMTC with an increased risk of life-threatening episodes or sudden death. Recognizing this clinical subtype of M-CMTC is important to prevent these serious potential complications. © 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Progress in the characterization of slowly progressive autoimmune diabetes in adult patients (LADA or type 1,5 diabetes); LADA or type 1.5 diabetes is a slowly progressive form of autoimmune diabetes of adults and represents a considerable proportion (about 5-10%) of all diabetic patients. Associations with high risk HLA genotypes and autoimmune phenomena (GAD, IA2, ICA) show similarities with type 1 diabetes, but phenotypical characteristics of these patients do not allow the correct identification without screening of GAD antibodies. The relatively low antibody titers against islet-cell antigens in LADA patients may be sign of a less aggressive form of autoimmune diabetes and could be responsible for the long non-insulin requirement phase of this diabetes type. Similar as in prediabetic relatives of type 1 diabetic patients the risk for beta cell failure in adult "type 2 diabetic" patients increases with the number of antibodies positive. Consequently, low titers of GAD - In particular in elderly patients - Do not predict a progressive and rapid loss of beta-cell failure, when associations with high risk genotypes or other islet-cell antibodies are lacking. Patients with LADA share insulin resistance with type 2 diabetic patients, but display a more severe defect in stimulated beta-cell capacity than patients with classical type 2 diabetes. With respect to features of the metabolic syndrome, patients with LADA have lower BMI, blood pressure and triglyceride levels compared with classical type 2 diabetes patients. Early identification of LADA patients will be mandatory, when effective immune interventions are available for prevention of the beta-cell destructive process and insulin requirement of these patients.
Medical and obstetric problems complicating pregnancy; The present review addresses several medical and obstetric factors/problems, and their interactions during pregnancy. These include the following: maternal age; morbidity and mortality during pregnancy; thromboembolism; gestational diabetes; haemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, low platelets syndrome; human immunodeficiency virus; hepatitis C; preterm labour; antenatal administration of corticosteroids; intrapartum surveillance; breech delivery; and caesarean section. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Doppler echocardiographic studies of diastolic cardiac function in the human fetal heart.; Fetal echocardiography has been used for the noninvasive evaluation of human fetal cardiac anatomy, function, and hemodynamics. The purpose of the present study was to use Doppler echocardiographic methods to measure diastolic flow velocity patterns across the tricuspid and mitral valves in human fetuses during gestation. Fifty normal fetuses, 35 fetuses with intrauterine growth retardation (IUGR), and 30 fetuses of diabetic mothers (DM) were studied. Peak flow velocities during early diastole (peak E wave) and peak flow velocities during atrial contraction (peak A wave) were measured, and the peak E/A ratio was calculated. The peak E/A ratio of the left ventricle in fetuses increased gradually with increasing gestational age (r = 0.57, p < 0.05), and the peak E/A ratio of the right ventricle in fetuses increased linearly with increasing gestational age (r = 0.48, p < 0.05). In early gestational age, the peak E/A ratios of both the left and right ventricle in fetuses with IUGR and of DM were not significantly different from those in the controls. However, in late gestational age, the peak E/A ratios of both the left and right ventricle in fetuses with IUGR and of DM were significantly smaller than those in the controls. This gradual decrease in the peak E/A ratio during gestation may represent the maturational or developmental alteration of diastolic cardiac properties in utero. Fetuses with IUGR and of DM may have abnormal diastolic cardiac function in later gestation.
Diabetes Screening in Canada (DIASCAN) Study: prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes and glucose intolerance in family physician offices.; OBJECTIVE--To assess the prevalence of undiagnosed diabetes and glucose intolerance in individuals > or =40 years of age who contacted their family physician for routine care. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS--The study used a stratified randomized selection of family physicians across Canada that was proportional to provincial and urban/rural populations based on Statistics Canada Census data (1996). Consecutive patients > or =40 years of age were screened for diabetes. If a casual fingerprick blood glucose was >5.5 mmol/l, the patient returned for a fasting venous blood glucose test. If the fasting blood glucose was 6.1-6.9 mmol/l, a 2-h 75-g post-glucose load venous blood glucose was obtained. Results of these tests were used to classify patients in diagnostic categories. RESULTS--Data were available for 9,042 patients. Previously undiagnosed diabetes was discovered in 2.2% of the patients, and new glucose intolerance was found in an additional 3.5% of patients. Overall, 16.4% of patients had previously known diabetes. The decrease in fasting plasma glucose criterion from 7.8 to 7.0 mmol/l resulted in a 2.2% versus a 1.6% prevalence of new diabetes. Several risk factors were reported in a significantly greater proportion of patients with new glucose intolerance and either new and known diabetes compared with the normal glucose tolerance group of patients. CONCLUSIONS--Routine screening for diabetes by family physicians is justified in patients > or =40 years of age, given the finding of previously undiagnosed diabetes in 2.2% of these patients and newly diagnosed glucose intolerance in an additional 3.5% of these patients. Another 16.4% of primary care patients > or =40 years of age have known diabetes. This has important implications regarding health resources and physician education.
Fetal cardiac performance in uncomplicated and well-controlled maternal type I diabetes; Objective: To study the impact of well-controlled, uncomplicated maternal diabetes on fetal cardiac development and performance. Methods: The following variables were studied in 45 fetuses of type I diabetic women by means of mid- and late-trimester echocardiography: interventricular septal thickness; aortic and pulmonary valve diameters; peak and time-to-peak flow velocity of the great arteries; the ratio between peak velocities during early (E) and late (A) ventricular filling at the level of the atrioventricular valves; ventricular fractional shortenings; and output. The findings were compared to age-matched control groups of normal fetuses. Results: A significant augmentation of interventricular septal thickness was demonstrated for mid-trimester fetuses of diabetic women, which progressed further towards the end of pregnancy. However, the indices of diastolic and systolic function remained comparable between the gestational age-matched groups. Conclusion: Progressive myocardial thickening occurs commonly in mid- and late-trimester fetuses of uncomplicated and well-controlled diabetic pregnancies. The observed degree of hypertrophy is generally mild and does not affect age-related changes in fetal cardiac function.
Maternal issues affecting the fetus; Maternal disorders and exposures that affect fetal cardiac structure and function are reviewed, emphasizing fetal echocardiographic diagnosis and monitoring, and approaches for in utero therapy. Maternal diabetes, hyperthyroidism, lupus erythematosis, epilepsy, congenital heart disease, infections, and drug exposures are considered.
Insulin resistance syndrome; Insulin resistance can be linked to diabetes, hypertension, dyslipidemia, cardiovascular disease and other abnormalities. These abnormalities constitute the insulin resistance syndrome. Because resistance usually develops long before these diseases appear, identifying and treating insulin-resistant patients has potentially great preventive value. Insulin resistance should be suspected in patients with a history of diabetes in first-degree relatives; patients with a personal history of gestational diabetes, polycystic ovary syndrome or impaired glucose tolerance; and obese patients, particularly those with abdominal obesity. Present treatment consists of sensible lifestyle changes, including weight loss to attain healthy body weight, 30 minutes of accumulated moderate-intensity physical activity per day and increased dietary fiber intake. Pharmacotherapy is not currently recommended for patients with isolated insulin resistance.
The evaluation of fetal cardiac function in diabetic pregnancies; OBJECTIVE: To assess fetal cardiac hypertrophy and ventricular function in fetuses of diabetic mothers. METHODS: Study group was consist of 23 fetuses of diabetic pregnancies. Control group was consist of 108 fetuses of normal pregnancies. Cardiac size was measured by ultrasound as inter-ventricular septal (IVS) thickness and ventricular diastolic and systolic (VD and VS) dimensions and perimeter. Cardiac function was expressed as ventricular shortening fraction 1 (VSF1) (ventricular diastolic perimeter-ventricular systolic perimeter/ventricular diastolic perimeter) and ventricular shortening fraction 2 (VSF2) (ventricular diastolic dimension-Ventricular systolic dimension/ventricular diastolic dimension). Fetal birth weight was recorded. RESULTS: IVS of study group (6.1 +/- 0.7) mm, which was significantly thicker than IVS of control group (4.4 +/- 0.7) mm. Left ventricular diastolic dimension (LVDD) and Left ventricular systolic dimension (LVSD) of study group were (3.3 +/- 0.8) cm2 and (2.2 +/- 0.6) cm2, which were greater than those of control group (2.6 +/- 0.6) cm2 and (2.0 +/- 0.5) cm2. Right ventricular diastolic dimension (RVDD) and Right ventricular systolic dimension (RVSD) of study group were (3.9 +/- 0.7) cm2 and (2.6 +/- 0.7) cm2, which were also greater than those of control group (3.5 +/- 0.5) cm2 and (2.4 +/- 0.7) cm2. Left ventricular shortening fraction 1 of left ventricular (LVSF1) of study group was 0.20 +/- 0.07, which was greater than that of control group (0.12 +/- 0.04). LVSF2 of study group was 0.35 +/- 0.11, which was greater than that of control group too (0.23 +/- 0.10). Right ventricular shortening fraction 1 of left ventricular (RVSF1) of study group was 0.19 +/- 0.05, which was greater than that of control group (0.13 +/- 0.11). RVSF2 of study group was 0.33 +/- 0.09, which was greater than that of control group (0.23 +/- 0.14). Estimated fetal birth weight of study group was (4,076 +/- 608) g, which was greater than that of control group (3,440 +/- 377) g. CONCLUSION: These findings showed that fetal hyperinsulinemia result in fetal weight increasing, global cardiac enlarger inter-ventricular septal thickness larger and revealed hypercontractilty of ventricle in fetuses of diabetes mothers.
Identification of mtDNA mutation in a Pedigree with gestational diabetes, deafness, Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome and placenta accreta; Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) defects are associated with a number of human disorders. Although many occur sporadically, maternal transmission is the hallmark of diseases due to mtDNA point mutations. The same mutation may manifest strikingly different phenotypes; for example, the A to G substitution at np 3243 was first reported in patients with mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis and stroke-like episodes (the MELAS syndrome), but is also found in patients with diabetes and deafness. Here we present a case of gestational diabetes, deafness, premature greying, placenta accreta and Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) syndrome associated with a mtDNA mutation. Although this is the first report of such an association, study of 27 other patients with WPW syndrome failed to confirm that this mtDNA mutation is a common cause of such pre-excitation disorders. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
School-age children born to diabetic mothers and to mothers with gestational diabetes exhibit a high rate of inattention and fine and gross motor impairment; Objectives: To study the neurobehavioral effects that progestational and gestatational diabetes might have on offspring at school age. Study Design: We studied neurobehavioral function at school age of 57 children born to 48, well controlled, diabetic mothers and of 32 children born to 32 women with gestational diabetes. Their development was compared with 57 control children matched by age, birth order and parental socio-economic status, using a number of cognitive, behavioral, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results: The IQ scores on the WISC-R and Bender tests of the children born to diabetic mothers were similar to those of control children, but the Bender scores of the children born to mothers with gestational diabetes were slightly lower. No differences were found between the study groups in various sensory-motor functions in comparison to controls. However, both study group children performed less well than controls in fine and gross motor functions as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzki test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to the mothers with pregestational diabetes were higher than controls on the Touwen & Prechtl neurological examination (worse function). The children from both research groups also performed worse on the Pollack taper test that is designed to detect inattention and hyperactivity. The children of the two study groups also had slightly higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parents-teachers questionnaire measuring hyperactivity and inattention, but the differences from controls were not statistically significant. We found a negative correlation between the performance of the children born to mothers with pregestational diabetes on various neurodevelopmental and behavioral tests and the severity of maternal hyperglycemia as assessed by blood glycosylated hemoglobin levels and acetonuria. Conclusions: Pregestational or gestational diabetes was found to adversely affect attention span and motor functions of offspring at school age, but not their cognitive ability. These effects were negatively correlated with the degree of maternal glycemic control, and were more pronounced in younger children.
Diagnostic value of evaluation of desquamated endothelial cells in blood; Circulating endotheliocytes as indicator of endothelial dysfunction were evaluated in the blood by Hladovec's method (1978) in patients with coronary disease, coronary stroke, insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and gestosis. The content of circulating (desquamated) endotheliocytes was increased in all patients, which reflected endothelial damage. The most pronounced changes were detected in patients with gestosis. Endotheliocyte content correlated with the concentration of Willebrandt's factor in the blood, which recommends using endotheliocyte count as a marker of endothelial damage.
The effect of maternal exercise on umbilical artery blood flow in insulin-dependent diabetics; Nine insulin-dependent diabetic women underwent a moderate exercise test. The mean exercise intensity achieved was 65% (50-80%) of submaximal exercise. The maternal heart rate rose significantly after exercise from a mean of 85 bpm (60-109 b.p.m.) to a mean of 140 b.p.m. (112-168 b.p.m.). Maternal systolic blood pressure rose significantly from a mean of 115 mmHg (90-130 mmHg) to a mean of 157 mmHg (145-180 mmHg). The diastolic blood pressure also rose, but insignificantly, from a mean of 71 mmHg (65-90) mmHg to a mean of 85 mmHg (80-90) mmHg after exercise. The mean umbilical pulsatility index (PI) showed significant decrease at 2 and 6 minutes of recovery from exercise and subsequently showed a significant rise after 20 minutes. This rise continued even after a full 30 minutes of recovery from exercise.
Neonatal echocardiograms of macrosomic neonates; Objective: To compare echocardiograms of macrosomic and healthy full term neonates whose weight was appropriate for gestational age (AGA). Methods: Echocardiography was performed on 9 healthy full term AGA neonates and 15 macrosomic neonates. A data base was generated from valid echocardiographic measurements on each infant. Results: Macrosomic infants were heavier than control infants and had a greater body surface area, but their mean cardiac dimensions were similar. The mean LVES volume was smaller than that of the control group when expressed as a fraction of individual LVED values (0.61 ± 0.04 vs 0.64 ± 0.02; p = 0.02). When comparing IVS/PW, it was observed that the ratio was up to and including 1.33 in the control group, while the upper limit of the ratio of the nondiabetic macrosomic infants was 1.6. The shortening fraction (SF %) was increased in comparison to infants of normal weight (40.67% ± 3.34 vs 36.00% ± 1.89; p = 0.0009). The thickened IVS did not elevate SF% by decreasing LVES; the macrosomic infants had a smaller LVES mean volume. Conclusion: IVS/PW ratio of macrosomic infants fell outside of the normal range. Macrosomic neonates were found to have an increased SF% secondary to a proportionally smaller LVES volume, regardless of IVS thickness.
Computerized analysis of antepartum fetal heart rate and maternal glycemic levels in pregnancy complicated with insulin-dependent diabetes; We aimed to evaluate the effect of maternal glycemia on the parameters of CTG as assessed by a computerized fetal heart rate interpretation system (cCTG). We studied prospectively 22 single insuline dependent diabetic pregnancies (34-39 wks' gestation). A negative correlation was found between high variability epochs (HV) in msec, and maternal glycemia (r = -0.58, p < 0.01). HV epochs are known to be related with hypoxic episodes in the fetus. We suggest that the evaluation of maternal glycemia at the time of cCTG may increase the diagnostic accuracy of automated fetal heart rate interpretation.
Neonatal arteriovenous thrombosis: report of a case; Limb vascular thrombosis is a severe, rare entity, often needing invasive surgery and sometimes leading to loss of function. An infant with in utero arteiro-venous thrombosis is reported. CASE REPORT: The baby, a female infant, was born at 34 weeks from a mother affected by gestational diabetes. She was referred to Neonatal Care Unit because of mild respiratory distress syndrome. She had no malformations. Spontaneous acute ischemia of right upper limb was noticed soon after admission: the limb appeared pale, cold, atonic and areflexic; no signs were noticed on it. Axillary artery and vein thromboses were soon confirmed by ultrasonography and arteriography. Intravenous administration of recombinant tissue plasminogen activator was carried on for 36 hours and followed by heparin and antithrombin III administration. Partial revascularization was obtained after a few hours: at the beginning of the treatment the limb became cyanotic, then edematous and finally the normal colour appeared everywhere but in the hand, was it became visible after a few days, when edema was reabsorbed. No recurrence of thrombosis occurred with heparin prophylaxis. Pain was treated with analgesic therapy, and motor impairment required physiotherapy. The doppler ultrasonographies which were performed subsequently confirmed a complete revascularization of axillary artery and vein. Coagulation and metabolic parameters (clotting tests, protein C, protein S, prothrombin, aminoacids) were studied but disorders predisposing to thrombosis were not found both in the patient and in her parents. CONCLUSION: Early identification of limb vascular thrombosis through external symptoms is very important, as it can avoid invasive surgical procedures.
Effects of prandial glycemic changes on objective fetal heart rate parameters; Background. There is confusion in the literature about the potential effect of maternal glucose levels on the fetal heart rate (FHR) cardiotocographic interpretation. Methods. Study design: prospective clinical descriptive study. Subjects: 21 pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, 23 women with gestational diabetes and 18 healthy non-diabetic pregnant volunteers (control group). Treatment: maternal capillary glucose measurement and objective FHR analysis (Oxford System 8002) pre- and 1 h post-meal. Statistical analysis: descriptive statistics, Student t-tests and Pearson correlation studies. Results. Maternal capillary glucose levels ranged between 2.7-10.5 mmol/l pre-meal and 4.2-14.8 mmol/l post-meal. The differences between objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal were not significant in any of the groups of women studied. No correlation was found between prandial glycemic and FHR changes. Women with optimal and suboptimal glycemic control exhibited similar objective FHR parameters pre- and post-meal. Women with gestational diabetes showed similar prandial cardiotocographic changes irrespective of whether they were on insulin therapy or on hypoglycemic diet only. Conclusions. Objective FHR parameters are unaffected by prandial glycemic changes over a wide range of maternal glucose levels. Timing the non-stress test in relation to the meals seems irrelevant in clinical practice.
Unusual association of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with complete atrioventricular canal defect and down syndrome; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy typically presents as an isolated cardiac lesion. Transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infancy has been described as a result of exposure to maternal metabolic disorders or to corticosteroids. In addition, hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been described in association with genetic syndromes and, in rare cases, as a primary lesion associated with other congenital heart defects. We describe the unusual association of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and complete atrioventricular canal defect in an infant with trisomy 21.
Contraception for women with medical problems; Most women with medical disease can be offered effective contraceptive options that will not accelerate their disease process or affect medical therapy. These women require a careful review of their medical history and a complete medical examination of their current disease. They also require closer and more frequent follow-up, often with special programs to monitor metabolic and disease parameters for possible contraceptive or medical complications. In consultation with the patient, the physician should develop an individualized reproductive health plan that addresses the patient's specific disease process and prognosis, the risks from pregnancy, the possible teratogenicity of medical therapy, and the optimal time to plan a future pregnancy. Patient participation and education are crucial to achieve maximal compliance and health.
Symptomatic ischemic stroke in full-term neonates: Role of acquired and genetic prothrombotic risk factors; Background and Purpose - The present multicenter case-control study was prospectively designed to assess the extent to which single and combined clotting factor abnormalities influence the onset of symptomatic ischemic stroke in full-term neonates. Methods - Lipoprotein (Lp)(a); the factor V (FV) G1691A mutation; the prothrombin (PT) G20210A variant; the methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) T677T genotype; antithrombin; protein C; protein S; and anticardiolipin antibodies (ACAs) were investigated in 91 consecutively recruited neonatal stroke patients and 182 age- and sex-matched healthy controls. Results - Sixty-two of 91 stroke patients (68.1%) had at least 1 prothrombotic risk factor compared with 44 control subjects (24.2%) (odds ratio [OR]/95% confidence interval [CI], 6.70/3.84 to 11.67). An increased Lp(a) level (>30 mg/dL) was found in 20 patients and 10 controls (OR/95% CI, 4.84/2.16 to 10.86); FV G1691A was present in 17 patients and 10 controls (OR/95% CI, 3.95/1.72 to 9.0); the PT G20210A variant was detected in 4 patients and 4 controls (OR/95% CI, 2.04/0.49 to 8.3); the MTHFR TT677 genotype was found in 15 patients and 20 controls (OR/95% CI, 1.59/0.77 to 3.29); and protein C type I deficiency was found in 6 neonates. Neither antithrombin deficiency nor protein S deficiency was found in the neonatal patients studied. Acquired IgG ACAs were found in 3 cases. Additional triggering factors, ie, asphyxia, septicemia, maternal diabetes, and perinatally acquired renal venous thrombosis, were reported in 54.0% of patients. Conclusions - Besides acquired triggering factors, the data presented here suggest that genetic prothrombotic risk factors play a role in symptomatic neonatal stroke.
Asymmetrical septal hypertrophy in newborn infants of diabetic mothers; The objective of this paper is to determine the frequency and outcome of asymmetrical septal hypertrophy (ASH) in large-for-gestational-age infants (LGA) born to diabetic (DM) and nondiabetic mothers (NDM), and to establish the relationship between ASH and maternal diabetes control. A comparative study was design to assess ASH in infants born to DM and NDM. The study was conducted in the Departments of Neonatology and Pediatric Cardiology of the 'Hospital de Gineco-Pediatria 48', Instituto Mexicano del Seguro Social from January to December 1997. Eighty-five full-term infants of DM (group A) and 85 LGA infants of NDM (group B) were included. As a control group (group C), we studied 85 healthy, full-term infants. In all cases a Doppler echocardiogram was obtained in the first 48 h after birth, and for the ASH infants, at 2 and 4 months. Chest X ray, electrocardiogram, and laboratory tests were performed as complementary studies. ASH was present in 38.8% of LGA infants of DM and in 7.1% of NDM. The difference was significant (p < 0.01). Interventricular septum (IVS) and IVS/posterior wall of left ventricle ratio were significantly different between groups A and B with C. There was no correlation between Hb A1 level and the presence of ASH in group A. ASH is a common finding in infants of DM. We could not find a relationship between the degree of metabolic control during pregnancy and the incidence and severity of ASH.
Obstetric outcomes in 102 pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis; OBJECTIVE: We sought to determine whether preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with particular pregnancy or delivery complications. STUDY DESIGN: A total of 102 consecutive pregnancies after preimplantation genetic diagnosis by polar body removal performed at Illinois Masonic Medical Center resulting in 114 live births were analyzed. All patients were given a delivery and newborn questionnaire, and attempts were made to contact and question them regarding any pregnancy complications and type of delivery. Permission was obtained to examine medical records and discuss the patient's pregnancy with her obstetrician when questions existed with respect to complications or indication for cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Delivery and newborn questionnaires were completed or telephone contact was achieved for 100 of the 102 pregnancies. There were 85 singleton, 9 twin, and 7 triplet pregnancies. Of the 7 triplet gestations, 3 couples elected multifetal pregnancy reduction to twins and healthy triplets were born to 4 couples between 32 and 36 weeks by cesarean delivery. Of the 80 singleton deliveries, 60 (75%) progressed to term. Of these 60 term singleton deliveries, 34 were vaginal, 23 were cesarean (40%), and 3 delivery types were unknown. The incidence of small-for-gestational-age infants was 3% for neonates in the 60 term singleton deliveries and 7% in the entire cohort of 80 singleton deliveries. Only 3 pregnancy complications (other than premature delivery) were reported more than once. There were 3 instances each of gestational diabetes, intrauterine growth restriction, and pregnancy-induced hypertension. There was 1 case each of HELLP (hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelets) syndrome, congestive heart failure, mild oligohydramnios, and abruptio placentae. The indications for cesarean delivery were (in descending order) failure of labor to progress (n = 7), fetal distress (n = 4), placenta previa (n = 4), elective repeat cesarean delivery (n = 4), triplets (n = 3), uterine scarring (n = 3), 1 twin in the breech position (n = 3), failed forceps delivery (n = 2), and a variety of other indications that occurred in only 1 patient each. All preimplantation genetic diagnoses were confirmed by prenatal or postnatal testing. No diagnostic errors were made in this cohort of patients or in any patients undergoing preimplantation genetic diagnosis having polar body removal in our center. CONCLUSIONS: Preimplantation genetic diagnosis is associated with a risk of multiple gestations, cesarean delivery, and placenta previa. Cesarean delivery rates and multiple gestation rates are comparable to those of patients undergoing in vitro fertilization in general. The preimplantation genetic diagnosis itself does not seem to cause an increased risk for any particular pregnancy complication, with the possible exception of placenta previa, which was seen in 4% of patients.
Thiamine supplementation to prevent induction of low birth weight by conventional therapy for gestational diabetes mellitus; Conventional treatment for gestational diabetes mellitus increases the proportion of infants born with a low birth weight, a risk factor for cardiovascular disease and diabetes mellitus in later life. Thiamine supplementation during pregnancy may be shown to be a safe preventive measure. During pregnancy, approximately 50% of the women develop a biochemical thiamine deficiency, whereas the thiamine status falls, but remains within normal limits, in most other women. Thiamine is essential for glucose oxidation, insulin production by pancreatic β-cells and cell growth. It is therefore likely that thiamine supplementation in pregnant women not only improves their glucose tolerance but also stimulates the intra-uterine growth, thereby preventing a low birth weight to ensue from conventional therapy which only improves glucose tolerance. (C) 2000 Harcourt Publishers Ltd.
Blunting of the maternal diurnal pressure profile, but unaltered fetal diurnal rhythms in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Objectives: To determine whether the diurnal blood pressure profile in pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) differs from that in normal pregnant controls, and, if so, to establish whether such a difference is accompanied by altered diurnal rhythms of fetal heart rate (FHR) and its variation. Methods: Ten IDDM patients at 30-38 weeks of gestation were enrolled in the study. Four of them were hypertensive. Eleven healthy pregnant volunteers at 30-36 weeks of gestation served as controls. Maternal systolic (SBP) and diastolic (DBP) blood pressures and heart rate (MHR) were determined automatically at 30-min intervals during a period of 26 h, starting at 09.00. During the study period, nine 1-h recordings of FHR were made at predetermined timepoints. FHR was analyzed numerically. Cubic spline models were used to describe diurnal rhythmicity of maternal blood pressure and heart rate in each individual. Results: Diurnal patterns were found for SBP, DBP and MHR, with highest values during the day and a trough during the night in all women. Daytime and night-time DBP were higher in the diabetic women (p < 0.01), but the day-night drop in DBP was blunted as compared with the controls (p < 0.05). The day-night drop in blood pressure was inversely related to the duration of IDDM (r = -0.68 for SBP, r = -0.58 for DBP; p < 0.05), but not to the presence of hypertension. Diurnal rhythms of FHR and its long-term and short-term variations did not differ between the diabetic and control groups. Conclusion: In pregnant diabetic women, blunting of the diurnal blood pressure profile was demonstrated which could not be attributed to hypertension, but was significantly related to the duration of IDDM. The altered maternal hemodynamics was not associated with changes in FHR parameters.
Glycemic control in the diabetic pregnancy: Is tighter always better?; Glucose is the principal nutrient that the mother supplies to the fetus through the placenta by way of concentration-dependent mechanisms. In the presence of maternal hypoglycemia, with limited glucose supply, fetal hypoglycemia and hypoinsulinism ensue. This may be viewed as an adaptive mechanism to increase the chances of fetal survival in the face of limited maternal supply, albeit of a growth-restricted fetus. Fetal nutrient deprivation and the resulting hypoinsulinism may have both short- and long- term consequences. Intrauterine growth failure is associated with higher rates of gestational age-specific neonatal mortality and with long-term cognitive deficits. Furthermore, epidemiologic data suggest that diabetes, coronary artery disease, and hypertension are more common among adults who were small for gestational age at birth. Thus, pancreatic failure in adulthood may be either a response to excessive exposure to glucose as a result of maternal hyperglycemia, or as a result of hypoglycemia where nutrient deprivation leads to fetal growth restriction and reduced islet cell proliferation. Because low mean concentrations of maternal glucose in gestational diabetes are associated with an increased risk of fetal growth restriction, overzealous glycemic control during pregnancy may raise concerns regarding the possible effects on the infant. In the mother with Type 1 diabetes, strict glycemic control is often associated with an increased incidence of severe hypoglycemia. Up to 40% of women report at least one episode of severe hypoglycemia during pregnancy, requiring assistance by another person or professional intervention. It is quite possible that in some patients striving to optimize pregnancy outcome by maintaining the best possible glycemic control jeopardizes the well-being of the mother and the fetus. Thus, with respect to tight glycemic control of pregnant women with diabetes, the question arises: How tight is too tight? Is there a threshold below which the trade-off in terms of maternal morbidity as well as fetal growth restriction and its consequences outweighs the benefits of preventing the effects of maternal hyperglycemia? (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Medical complications of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; Many women with diabetes develop complications of their chronic disease that may have a tremendous impact on their quality of life and their ultimate prognosis. Because Type 1 diabetes that often begins at a very early age, it is quite common for women in their child-bearing years to be affected by these complications. As described in this article, diabetic complications and pregnancy may significantly affect each other, but it is not always easy to predict the course of either and to counsel these patients accordingly. Nevertheless, it appears that only in rare occasions should women with diabetes be advised against pregnancy, and that in most situations, with careful and knowledgeable management, a favorable outcome of pregnancy can be expected both for the mother and the infant.
Prenatal diagnosis of congenital heart disease. Critical evaluation of a twelve-month experience.; INTRODUCTION: A retrospective study of fetal echocardiographies performed in the Ultrasound Unit of the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology between January and December 1998 was carried out. MATERIAL AND METHODS: We performed 271 fetal echocardiographies (236 fetuses; 230 pregnant women). A triplex ultrasound machine was used with a 5 or 3.5 MHz transabdominal probe. RESULTS: The median maternal age was 31 years (17-44) and the median gestational age at the time of the first examination was 27 weeks (15-38). A hundred and thirty-two pregnant women (57.4%) were internal referrals and (98) 42.6% were referred by other hospitals. The most common indications for referral were maternal age > or = 35 years old (n = 48), gestational diabetes (n = 38), family history of congenital heart disease (n = 24) and insulin-dependent diabetes (n = 23). Accuracy of 32 echocardiographies was limited by technical difficulties. Out of 236 fetuses, 205 (86.9%) presented a normal scan, whereas 31 (13.1%) showed some abnormality: 22 structural cardiac defects; 5 rhythm anomalies and one with a mixed abnormality. In three cases a pericardial effusion was detected in the absence of any structural or rhythm anomaly and regressed spontaneously after birth. Three fetuses were referred prenatally for treatment to another center. Eight out of fifteen patients followed in the Pediatric Cardiology outpatient clinic were submitted to surgical treatment. In four cases the parents opted for termination of pregnancy and two neonatal deaths occurred. Four patients were lost for follow-up. DISCUSSION: Our study suggests that strict criteria for a referral of pregnant women to specialized fetal echocardiography are still missing. The median gestational age of 27 weeks at the time of the first examination was clearly out of the generally accepted recommended period (18-24 weeks). It is time to improve the collaboration between the different health professionals involved in the care of pregnant women in order to increase the sensitivity of screening for congenital heart disease.
Screening, diagnosis, and management of diabetes mellitus and diabetes- associated complications; Diabetes mellitus comprises a group of metabolic disturbances that are characterized by hyperglycemia. In 1997 the American Diabetes Association (ADA) proposed new criteria for the diagnosis and classification of diabetes mellitus, which was also adopted by WHO. Although the criteria is the same, the ADA puts emphasis on the use of the fasting plasma glucose (FPG) for screening and diagnosis, whereas WHO maintains the use of the OGTT and recommends the FPG only if an OGTT can not be performed. Different pathogenetic processes are involved in the development of diabetes ranging from autoimmune destruction of beta-cells resulting in an absolute insulin deficiency to insulin with a defect on insulin secretion. The new classification is based on the etiology of the disease. Diabetes is classified into one of four categories: Type-1, type-2 Diabetes mellitus, specific forms of diabetes, and gestational diabetes. For screening and diagnosis FPG or the two hour value after the OGTT can be used. Glycosylated hemoglobin is not suitable for screening and diagnosis of diabetes despite some contradictory statements. For many decades clear evidence was missing that chronic hyperglycemia caused diabetic late complications; complications including dysfunction or failure of several organ systems, in particular eyes, kidneys, nerves, and the cardiovascular system. The results of two large prospective trials - the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial (DCCT; 1993) and the United Kingdom Prospective Study (UKPDS; 1998) - that were recently published provided the final proof that normoglycemia prevents or delays the progression of these late complications. Due to the insidious nature of these complications they are often not diagnosed and have to be looked for in each patients with diabetes and have to be controlled regularly. Based on the results of the UKPDS and other studies, evidence based therapeutic goals could be defined. Multifactorial interventions with increased physical activity, cessation of smoking, aspirin treatment, lowering of HbA1c, blood pressure, and lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes have been proven to drastically reduce the risk of developing diabetic nephropathy or cardiovascular complications drastically. We recommend the following treatment strategy for patients with type 2 diabetes in clinical practice: 1) Treatment should be individualized. 2) Treatment should be started step by step to document efficacy of treatment and compliance of patients. 3) Plasma glucose and blood pressure should be normalized in all patients with type 2 diabetes (up to an age of 70 years), since there are no threshold values for HbA1c and blood pressure. 4) Therapeutic goals should be checked every three to six months. 5) In the case that therapeutic goals can not be met, treatment should be intensified. Often a combination therapy with many different drugs is required. 6) A specialist for diabetes should be consulted, if the therapeutic goals can not be met over a period of six months.
Nucleated red blood cells in healthy infants of women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To evaluate whether absolute nucleated red blood cell (RBC) counts are elevated in large-for-gestational-age (LGA) infants of women with gestational diabetes compared with appropriate-for-gestational-age (AGA) infants of women with or without gestational diabetes.Methods: We compared absolute nucleated RBC counts during the first 12 hours of life in three groups of term, vaginally delivered infants, LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (n = 20), and AGA infants of nondiabetic women (n = 30). We excluded infants of women with hypertension, smoking, alcohol or drug abuse, and those with fetal heart rate abnormalities in labor, low Apgar scores, hemolysis, blood loss, or chromosomal anomalies.Results: There were no significant differences among groups in gestational age, gravidity, parity, maternal analgesia, 1- and 5-minute Apgar scores, and lymphocyte counts. Corrected white blood cell counts and hematocrit were significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes than in the other groups. The median nucleated RBC count was significantly higher in LGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.56 x 109/L, range 0-1.8 x 109/L) than AGA infants of women with gestational diabetes (0.13 x 109/L, range 0-0.65 x 109/L) and controls (0.0005 x 109/L, range 0-0.6 x 109/L) (P < .001). Multiple regression analysis showed that absolute nucleated RBC count was significantly correlated with birth weight (or macrosomia) and maternal diabetic status (r2 = .25, P < .001 for the multiple regression, contribution of birth weight r2 = .19, and diabetes r2 = .06).Conclusion: At birth, term LGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes had higher absolute nucleated RBC counts compared with AGA infants born to women with gestational diabetes and controls. Copyright (C) 2000 The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.
Maternal ophthalmic artery Doppler velocimetry in type 1 diabetes during pregnancy; Our purpose was to evaluate whether maternal ophthalmic artery pulsatility index (PI) in normotensive pregnancies with type 1 diabetes is different from that in normal normotensive pregnancies. The ophthalmic artery in 15 normal normotensive pregnant women, and 13 normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was studied once with colour Doppler flow imaging and pulsed Doppler ultrasonography after 16 weeks gestation. The heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, and ophthalmic artery PI were calculated in each group. The PI (1.94 ± 0.45) in normotensive pregnant women with type 1 diabetes was significantly lower than that (2.73 ± 0.32) in normal normotensive pregnant women (P < 0.0001). There was no significant difference in maternal heart rate or mean arterial blood pressure between the two groups. These results suggest that vascular resistance in the maternal orbital circulation is reduced in pregnancies with type 1 diabetes that are normotensive. The lower PI in pregnant women with type 1 diabetes should be interpreted as orbital vascular vasodilatation, indicating orbital hyperperfusion or hyperaemia.
Influences of pre- and postnatal nutritional exposures on vascular/endocrine systems in animals; Human epidemiological and animal studies have revealed the long-term effects of malnutrition during gestation and early life on the health of the offspring. The aim of the current review is to survey the different means of achieving fetal malnutrition and its consequences, mainly in animals, and to identify key areas in which to direct future research. We address the impact of various models of a maternal protein-restricted diet and global maternal caloric restriction (either through the reduction of nutrient supply or through mechanic devices), the influence of maternal diabetes, and other maternal causes of fetal damage (maternal infections and toxic food components). More specifically, we enumerate data on how the different insults at different prenatal and early postnatal periods affect and program the development and the function of organs involved in diabetes, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Particular emphasis is given to the endocrine pancreas, but insulin- sensitive tissues, kidneys, and vasculature are also analyzed. Where available, the protective effects of maternal food supplementation for fetal organ development and function are discussed. Specific attention is paid to the amino acids profile, and the preventive role of taurine is discussed. Tentative indications about critical time windows for fetal development under different deleterious conditions are presented whenever possible. We also discuss future research and intervention.
Origins of fetal growth restriction; Regulation of growth of the fetus and its placenta begins before pregnancy. Early in pregnancy the mother sets the rate of growth of the fetus on a trajectory, which may be modified by events later in pregnancy. Low maternal weight for height, history of previous small babies, maternal undernutrition, pregnancy disorders, e.g. pre-eclampsia, are associated with low birthweight. Maternal smoking is a major factor in developed countries; infections and undernutrition in developing countries. Recently, there has been emphasis on adverse long-term outcomes including ischaemic heart disease, hypertension and diabetes associated with poor fetal growth. Experimental studies in animals show that some of these outcomes can readily be induced by restriction of fetal growth. Progress in determining successful treatments to improve the growth of the fetus has lagged behind these epidemiological and experimental findings. However, nutrient supplements improve growth in undernourished women and smoking cessation also improves fetal size and outcome. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Reversal of foetal hydrops and foetal tachyarrhythmia associated with maternal diabetic coma; Foetal hydrops is always a challenge for the clinician. We report a case of tachycardia associated with hydrops and hydramnios in a pregnancy complicated with diabetic coma at 28 weeks gestation. Normal foetal heart rate was recorded immediately after correction of maternal acidotic status and hydrops eventually disappeared. The woman was delivered at 32 weeks and the baby had an uncomplicated postnatal course. We hypothesise that maternal ketoacidosis has been the precipitating factor of tachycardia and congestive heart failure and that this case is conceptually similar to the 'late death' phenomenon, reported in cases of poorly controlled maternal diabetes. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Gender-specific health care in diabetes mellitus.; This article reviews information on health care issues of specific clinical relevance for women with diabetes mellitus (type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes mellitus), high-lighting several topics that require careful attention by the physician and the diabetes management team. Type 2 diabetes is more prevalent among women than men, making prevention and early detection particularly important in the treatment of women. Major areas of health care concern for women with diabetes include cardiovascular disease, mental health, infections, and contraception and fertility. Knowledge of lifespan issues from adolescence through menopause is crucial to the management of women with diabetes.
The postprandial state - A critical phase of the metabolic regulation in diabetes: Consequences for the vessel risk; The postprandial state in diabetes plays a central role in the control of HbA(1c), blood lipids, coagulation and redox-balance. The changes in blood sugar control result in disturbed removal of triglyceride-rich lipoproteins, hypercoagulation, impaired fibrinolysis and increased production of free radicals. The early insulin secretion phase (0-30 minutes prandial) was shown to be of crucial importance for the quality of postprandial metabolism. The complex anomalies in the regulation of the postprandial state sustain the insulin resistance and in addition damage the beta-cells. In parallel the postprandial state is associated with endothelial functional impairment. Many epidemiologic studies have shown that postprandial glucose, triglycerides and coagulation parameters correlate more closely to impaired endothelial function and atherosclerotic vessel alterations than the fasting values of these parameters. The Diabetes Intervention Study was the first to demonstrate that postprandial blood glucose but not fasting glucose is an independent risk factor for cardiovascular and total mortality. The monitoring of postprandial blood glucose in gestational diabetes led to improved HbA(1c)-values, less anomalies of the babies and less birth complications than the monitoring of preprandial blood glucose. Therefore, postprandial glycemic control is essential for the HbA(1c)-values and for the prevention of late complications. This should be more strongly considered in the differential therapy with oral anditiabetic drugs and short acting insulins.
The role of apoptosis in normal and abnormal embryonic development; Programmed cell death or apoptosis is a widespread biological phenomenon. Apoptosis is characterized by typical cell features such as membrane blebbing, chromatin condensation, and DNA fragmentation. It involves a number of membrane receptors (e.g., Fas, TNFR) and a cascade of signal transduction steps resulting in the activation of a number of cysteine proteases known as caspases. Disordered apoptosis may lead to carcinogenesis and participates in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer disease, Parkinson disease, or AIDS. Programmed cell death plays an important role in the processes of gamete maturation as well as in embryo development, contributing to the appropriate formation of various organs and structures. Apoptosis is one of the mechanisms of action of various cytotoxic agents and teratogens: Teratogen-induced excessive death of embryonic cells is undoubtedly one of the most important events preceding the occurrence of structural abnormalities, regardless of their nature. Therefore understanding the mechanisms involved in physiological as well as in disturbed or dysregulated apoptosis may lead to the development of new methods of preventive treatment of various developmental abnormalities. The present review summarizes data on the mechanisms of programmed cell death and concentrates on apoptosis involved in normal or disturbed gametogenesis and in normal and abnormal embryonic development.
Increased prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus and impaired glucose tolerance in first-degree relatives of girls with a history of precocious pubarche; OBJECTIVE: To assess whether abnormal responses to an oral glucose load, dyslipidaemia and hyperandrogenaemia, which are commonly found in girls with a history of precocious pubarche, can also be detected in first-degree relatives of these patients. PATIENTS AND DESIGN: Sixty first-degree relatives (age, 41.4 ± 4.4 years; BMI, 26.9 ± 3.3 kg/m2) of girls diagnosed with precocious pubarche were studied. The prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus and the hirsutism score were assessed in the females. The study was performed during the early follicular phase of the menstrual cycle in females and at random in males. MEASUREMENTS: All subjects underwent a standard 75 g 2-h oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Serum lipids and lipoproteins were measured in baseline blood samples in all subjects, while serum testosterone, sex hormone-binding globulin (SHBG) levels and the free androgen indices were determined only in females. Impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) and type 2 diabetes mellitus were diagnosed according to the criteria of the Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus. RESULTS: Seven subjects (11.6%) had type 2 diabetes while a further 14 (23.3%) had IGT; prevalences significantly higher than those reported for the present population of the same age (type 2 diabetes, 2.5% and IGT, 7.5%; P<0.001 and P<0.001, respectively). BMIs were similar in patients with either normal or abnormal glucose tolerance. Abnormal levels of at least two lipid parameters were found in 40% of subjects. Four out of 10 hirsute women and six non-hirsute women reported gestational diabetes. Mean serum SHBG levels were lower in female relatives compared with population controls (P<0.0005). CONCLUSIONS: First-degree relatives of girls with precocious pubarche are at a higher risk of impaired glucose tolerance and type 2 diabetes which, in most cases, is accompanied by an unfavourable lipid profile. Hyperandrogenism and an increased prevalence of gestational diabetes mellitus are frequent among females. These data may prove useful in identifying a specific subset of the population at increased risk of developing metabolic disturbances known to predispose to cardiovascular disease.
Heart failure as a result of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in diabetic fetopathy; Diabetic fetopathy is still a common clinical problem correlated with a high morbidity of the neonate. These children are often macrosome, suffer from respiratory distress syndrome due to delayed lung maturity, acidosis, hypoglycaemia, electrolyte-imbalances and polycythaemia. We describe a male neonate with diabetic fetopathy as a result of gestational diabetes of the mother. In addition to the symptoms described above, our patient clinically presented with severe hypertrophy of the right ventricle associated with intrauterine heart failure. The boy was born with serious prenatal asphyxia which made initial neonatal intensive care treatment necessary. The hypertrophic cardiomyopathy normalized within 6 weeks after birth without further treatment. Different causes of a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (infections, metabolic disorders, neurologic affections, syndromes) could be ruled out, so that the diabetic fetopathy was the most probable cause for the condition. If we are looking at the heart only, this case-report suggests a good prognosis of septumhypertrophy as well as right ventricular hypertrophy in patients with diabetic fetopathy. The case also elucidates that not only the diabetes type I can entail serious fetal damage but also gestational diabetes can. Therefore, in suspect mothers screening for gestational diabetes should be expanded to oral glucose tolerance testing.
Perinatal outcome in grand and great-grand multiparity: Effects of parity on obstetric risk factors; OBJECTIVE: We sought to compare obstetric and neonatal complications among great-grand multiparous, grand multiparous, and multiparous women. STUDY DESIGN: One hundred thirty-three great-grand multiparas, 314 grand multiparas, and 2195 multiparas who were delivered of their infants between 1988 and 1998 were selected for the study. To facilitate comparison, the patients were all >35 years old and had similar socioeconomic characteristics. RESULTS: The incidence of malpresentation at the time of delivery, maternal obesity, anemia, preterm delivery, and meconium-stained amniotic fluid increased with higher parity, whereas the rate of excessive weight gain and cesarean delivery decreased. Compared with grand multiparas, great-grand multiparas had significantly elevated risks for abnormal amounts of amniotic fluid, abruptio placentae, neonatal tachypnea, and malformations but lower rates of placenta previa (P < .05). The incidence of postpartum hemorrhage, preeclampsia, placenta previa, macrosomia, postdate pregnancy, and low Apgar scores was significantly higher in grand multiparas than in multiparas, whereas the proportion of induction, forceps delivery, and total labor complications was significantly lower than in the multiparous group (P < .05). Similar frequency of maternal diabetes, infection, uterine wall scar rupture, variations in fetal heart rate, fetal death, and neonatal mortality was found in the 3 groups. CONCLUSION: Both high-parity groups have their own risk factors, but the rate of some complications decreases with higher parity. In addition, perinatal mortality remains low in these patients, and therefore, under satisfactory socioeconomic and health care conditions, high parity should not be considered dangerous.
Changes in serum lipid and lipoprotein concentrations and compositions at birth and after 1 month of life in macrosomic infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers; The aim of this study was to determine whether macrosomia related to maternal diabetes alters lipoprotein metabolism and whether these abnormalities still persist or regress after 1 month of life. Serum lipoprotein compositions and concentrations as well as serum lipid fatty acid compositions were investigated in macrosomic infants (birth weight = 4840 ± 105 g at term) of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers at birth and after 1 month of life, and were compared to those of control infants (birth weight = 3400 ± 198 g at term) of healthy mothers. Compared to controls, at birth, macrosomic newborns had higher serum lipids, apolipoprotein A-1 and B-100, and lipoprotein (very low density lipoprotein, low density lipoprotein, high density lipoprotein-2 and high density lipoprotein-3) levels. Higher percentages of C18:2n-6 in serum triacylglycerols, phospholipids and cholesteryl esters were also observed. At day 30, in macrosomics, serum triacylglycerol, apo B-100, very low density lipoprotein and low density lipoprotein levels were still significantly higher. C18:2n-6 and C18:3n-3 contents in serum phospholipids, triacylglycerols and cholesteryl esters were reduced while C20:4n-6 and C22:6n-3 contents in serum phospholipids and cholesteryl esters were enhanced, compared to control values. Conclusion: Macrosomia was associated with alterations in lipoprotein compositions and concentrations at birth, some of which persisted after 1 month of life, and might play a role in the pathogenesis of diabetes and atherosclerosis in adult life.
Advanced glycation end-products in diabetic nephropathy.; Throughout the industrialized (well-fed) world, diabetes mellitus is the most prevalent cause of end-stage renal disease (ESRD). Diabetic nephropathy is as likely to develop in long-duration non-insulin-dependent diabetes (type 2) as in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1). Nephropathy in diabetes follows a well outlined course, starting with microalbuminuria through proteinuria, azotaemia and culminating in ESRD. Renal functional decline in diabetic nephropathy is slowed by establishment of euglycaemia and normalization of hypertensive blood pressure. Diabetic ESRD patients, compared with other causes of ESRD, sustain greater mortality and morbidity due to concomitant systemic disorders, especially coronary artery and cerebrovascular disease. A central role for glucose toxicity, especially the adverse impact of accumulated advanced glycosylated end-products (AGEs), appears likely from experimental data generated both in induced diabetic rodents and diabetic individuals. Treatment with aminoguanidine raises the possibility of blocking end-organ damage in diabetes without the necessity for correcting hyperglycaemia.
Fetal behavior in diabetic and nondiabetic pregnant women: An exploratory study; To characterize differential behavior and the relationship between maternal blood glucose levels and behavior in fetuses of diabetic (n = 10) and nondiabetic (n = 20) women at 33 and 36 weeks gestational age (GA), spontaneous changes in fetal heart rate (FHR), body and breathing movements, and vibroacoustic stimulus elicited (3 stimulus/3 no-stimulus control trials) FHR changes and body movements were compared. Measures of maternal blood glucose levels were obtained immediately following testing; measures varied within normal range. Spontaneous behaviors showed no differences between groups and no relationship to maternal blood glucose levels. Sensory stimulation elicited similar average peak FHR accelerations (M = 17.1/20.0 BPM) and average movement scores (2.0/2.6) across groups. In the diabetic group at 33 weeks GA, the nature of the FHR change over time, showed more varied patterns of response, a shorter latency to peak acceleration, was less organized, and less mature; as average maternal blood glucose levels increased, elicited body movements decreased. These findings suggest immaturity and differential functional development of sensory-motor response systems in fetuses of diabetic mothers.
Neonatal aortic thrombosis mimicking aortic arch interruption. Successful surgical treatment; Spontaneous neonatal aortic thrombosis is rare and often is associated with sepsis, neonatal shock, birth asphyxia, severe dehydration, maternal diabetes and hypercoagulable disorders. We report a rare case of a 10 day old neonate with aortic arch thrombosis associated with deficiency of antithrombin III, protein C and plasminogen and coarctation of the aorta. Thrombosis involved the aortic arch from the level of the left carotid artery to the aortic isthmus and caused complete occlusion of the aorta. The neonate presented with signs mimicking interruption of the aortic arch and developed cardiac and renal insufficiency. Successful surgical removal of the thrombus and repair of the coarctation by resection of the isthmus and end to end reconstruction of the aorta was accomplished. The neonate recovered fully and was discharged from the hospital in good clinical condition. This is the first case report in the Greek medical literature of successful surgical treatment of spontaneous neonatal aortic arch thrombosis.
History of gestational diabetes, insulin resistance and coronary risk; The purpose of this study was to examine characteristics associated with the insulin metabolic syndrome, including insulin resistance, abnormal glucose tolerance, dyslipidemia, obesity, and elevated blood pressure, among women who have experienced gestational diabetes. 39 nondiabetic, young (20-42 years), postpartum (3-18 months) white women were recruited from obstetrical clinics. Twenty-one women had a history of gestational diabetes; 18 had uncomplicated pregnancies. Multivariate analyses revealed a significant difference between groups in insulin resistance (M, measured by euglycemic clamp) and insulin levels (from an oral glucose tolerance test), with insulin resistance showing a statistically stronger difference than insulin levels. Groups also differed significantly when compared on a set of variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome: glucose tolerance, triglycerides, blood pressure, and body-mass index. Using insulin resistance as a covariate eliminated these group differences, suggesting that insulin resistance is the key factor underlying insulin metabolic syndrome. The higher risk of later developing type 2 diabetes and hypertension in women who have a history of gestational diabetes is explicable by their poorer profile on variables associated with insulin metabolic syndrome, and appears to be attributable to insulin resistance. Thus, insulin resistance appears to distinguish young women at risk for cardiovascular disease. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Inc.
The epidemiology of polycystic ovary syndrome: Prevalence and associated disease risks; Polycystic ovary syndrome is a common problem affecting approximately 5% of women of reproductive age when defined by clinical features of anovulation and hyperandrogenism. Metabolic derangements associated with this condition may predispose to a range of diseases with attendant morbidity and mortality risks. In general, available data support significantly increased rates of type II diabetes mellitus, dyslipidemia, and endometrial cancer in PCOS that are not completely explained by obesity; data also suggest that rates of hypertension, gestational diabetes, and pregnancy-induced hypertension may likewise be increased, although the extent to which obesity mediates these risks is not clear. The increased prevalence of several cardiovascular risk factors in PCOS and limited cross-sectional data suggest that cardiovascular disease should be more likely in PCOS, but prospective data are lacking to confirm this supposition. Limited data have suggested an association between PCOS and ovarian cancer risk and require further study. The present data do not support an increased risk for breast cancer in this condition. Long-term prospective data are clearly needed to better delineate the nature and magnitude of disease risks associated with PCOS, with appropriate adjustment for associated obesity. Such information is a necessary background for understanding the role of established and emerging PCOS therapies, including oral contraceptives, intermittent progesterone, ovulation induction agents, and insulin sensitizers, in modifying such risks. In the meantime, close follow-up of women with PCOS and encouragement of lifestyle practices likely to reduce disease risks, such as regular exercise and weight control, should be standard practice.
Maternal indications for induction of labour; Maternal indications for induction are studied: hypertensive disorders, renal, heart, respiratory illness, intrauterine fetal death, polyhidramnios and others.
Obesity as an obstetric risk factor; Obesity-related metabolic and functional disorders may disturb adaptation process taking place in pregnant women body. Insufficient adaptation may lead to development of several medical complications during pregnancy, labor, delivery, and puerperium. Maternal obesity is associated with increased frequencies of hypertension, preeclampsia, gestational diabetes mellitus, fetal macrosomia, congenital malformations, labor abnormalities (including prolonged second stage of labor, meconium-stained amniotic fluid, FHR abnormalities and shoulder dystocia), postdatism, and cesarean delivery. Operative complications among obese women undergoing cesarean delivery include increased blood loss, prolonged operative time, and increased rates of postoperative infection, thrombophlebitis. Treatment of these complications increases hospital stays and costs. Obese women should be carefully examined by dietetician before conception and cared for dietetically and medically during gestation.
Hyperglycemia-induced vasculopathy in the murine vitelline vasculature. Correlation with PECAM-1/CD31 tyrosine phosphorylation state; Maternal diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased incidence of congenital abnormalities as well as embryonic and perinatal lethality. In particular, a wide range of cardiovascular abnormalities have been noted in children of diabetic mothers and in the offspring of diabetic animals. The vascular system is the first organ system to develop in the embryo and is critical for normal organogenesis. The organization of mesodermal cells into endothelial and hematopoietic cells and into a complex vascular system is, in part, mediated by a series of specific cell-cell, cell-extracellular matrix, and cell-factor interactions. PECAM-1 expression has been observed during the earliest stages of vasculogenesis, and changes in PECAM-1 tyrosine phosphorylation have been associated with endothelial cell migration, vasculogenesis, and angiogenesis both in vitro and in vivo. In this report we demonstrate that exposure to hyperglycemia during gastrulation causes yolk sac and embryonic vasculopathy in cultured murine conceptuses and in the conceptuses of streptozotocin-induced diabetic pregnant mice. In addition, we correlate the presence of yolk sac and embryonic vasculopathy with the failure of PECAM-1 tyrosine dephosphorylation during the formation of blood islands/vessels from clusters of extra-embryonic and embryonic angioblasts in the murine conceptus using both in vitro and in vivo models. The importance of these findings in the development of vasculopathy in the offspring of diabetic mothers and the potential effects and benefits of glucose regulation during the periods of vasculogenesis/angiogenesis in embryonic development are discussed.
Serum lipid and lipoprotein composition in infants of diabetic mothers.; Diabetes mellitus (DM) alters carbohydrate and lipid metabolism to a great extent. This study was planned to determine whether infants of insulin dependent and gestational diabetic mothers have abnormal lipid metabolism. Three groups of newborns were included in the study; group I consisted of 7 infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) with insulin dependent DM (Type 1 DM), group II of 18 infants of gestational diabetic mothers and group III of 20 control neonates whose mothers had no history of DM. Total cholesterol (TC), triglyceride (TG) and high density lipoprotein-cholesterol (HDL-C) values in groups I and II were no different compared to those in group III (p > 0.05). However, low density lipoprotein-cholesterol (LDL-C) and LDL-C/HDL-C ratio were similar between groups I and II (p > 0.05) but significantly higher in both infants of type 1 diabetic mothers and gestational diabetic mothers compared to control infants (p < 0.05). Apolipoprotein A-I (Apo A-1) and apolipoprotein B (Apo B) levels, Apo A-I/Apo B and HDL-C/Apo A-I ratios were similar in between groups. However, Apo B/LDL-C ratio was significantly lower in groups I and II compared to control group (p < 0.05). In conclusion, diabetes in pregnant women causes a tendency to LDL hypercholesterolemia in the offspring. These infants should be longitudinally followed up to assess whether this observation imposes an increased risk for atherosclerosis for advanced ages.
Cardiac anomalies in the Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome; Diverse cardiac abnormalities have been reported in patients with the Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome (SGBS), and it is suspected that they are related to the apparently high incidence of early death. To clarify the incidence and significance of the various cardiac abnormalities, we reviewed 101 SGBS patients (89 from the literature, 12 new). All were male, except for one clearly affected female patient with translocation X;1 [Punnett, 1994: Am J Med Genet 50: 391-393]. Ninety-six of 99 (97%) patients had the classic phenotype of macrosomia and typical 'coarse' face. Thirty-six patients (36%) had a cardiac abnormality, of whom 26 (26%) had a cardiovascular malformation (CVM). After excluding 24 patients with insufficient clinical data, these percentages among the 77 informative cases were 47% and 34%, respectively. When grouped according to a mechanistic classification, most cases (20/26, or 77%) were class II CVMs (attributed to altered embryonic intracardiac flow). Other cardiac abnormalities included cardiomyopathy (n = 4) and electrocardiogram (ECG) conduction or rhythm abnormalities (n = 12); three of the affected patients (25%) also had a CVM. Among 92 informative cases, there were 29 (32%) deaths, a figure that excludes seven elective terminations. Among the 25 patients younger than 3 years, death was associated with a cardiac abnormality in six (23%). GPC3 mutation analysis using Southern blot testing and polymerase chain reaction amplification was performed for 37 of 101 (37%) patients. A mutation was detected in 26 of the 37 patients tested (70%), 12 of whom (46%) had a cardiac abnormality. We conclude that cardiac abnormalities of any type are common in SGBS (almost one-half of informative cases), with CVMs seen in one-third of cases. The heterogeneous ECG abnormalities in this survey must be viewed with caution, since they may represent a genuine component of the syndrome or reporting bias. Determining the true prevalence and natural history of cardiac abnormalities in SGBS will require a larger number of patients and more consistent prospective cardiac evaluations. There are sufficient data to recommend a baseline echocardiogram and ECG in SGBS patients. Data are insufficient to define a cardiac phenotype/molecular correlation.
Streptozotocin diabetes in the pregnant rat induces cardiovascular dysfunction in adult offspring; Severe diabetes in pregnant rats produces persistent metabolic consequences in adult offspring. This study investigated whether diabetes in pregnant rats could also lead to cardiovascular abnormalities in the adult offspring. Blood pressure, heart rate and in vitro vascular reactivity of small arteries were evaluated in female adult offspring of control rats and of rats rendered diabetic with streptozotocin. Rise in blood pressures were similar in both groups of offspring but heart rate was lower in the diabetic offspring (p < 0.05). The rise in blood pressure associated with infusion of a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor was similar in both groups, but the associated decrease in heart rate was more pronounced in diabetic offspring (p < 0.01). Small mesenteric arteries from this group showed enhanced sensitivity to noradrenaline (p < 0.05) and abnormal endothelium-dependent relaxation to acetylcholine (p < 0.01) and bradykinin (p < 0.05). Reduction in acetylcholine induced relaxation, reflected reduced synthesis of nitric oxide or a cyclooxygenase product and was not attributable to an endothelium- derived hyperpolarizing factor. Sensitivity to exogenous nitric oxide was normal. A subgroup of pups born to diabetic dams were suckled by control maternal dams and a subgroup of those born to controls by diabetic dams. Suckling was an important determinant of impaired growth; offspring of diabetic rats suckled by their own mother and those of control rats by diabetic dams showed impaired growth rates whereas growth of offspring of diabetic rats suckled by control dams paralleled those of control rats suckled by their own mother.
Intrauterine nutrition: Its importance during critical periods for cardiovascular and endocrine development; Experimental investigations in animals have highlighted the role of early reduced calorie and protein nutrition on fetal cardiovascular development, and the occurrence of a transition from a low fetal arterial blood pressure in late gestation to a high arterial blood pressure postnatally. These observations may explain the correlation between health, including appropriate nutrition, in pregnant women and the outcome of their pregnancies. Emphasis has been placed on low birth weight infants who have an increased risk of developing cardiovascular diseases, including hypertension, coronary heart disease and stroke in adulthood. Vascular pathology in adults is not always associated with low birth weight and animal experiments indicate that substantial changes in cardiovascular and endocrine function can result from maternal or fetal undernutrition without impairing fetal growth. Experimental investigation on organogenesis shows the pivotal role of adequate protein availability as well as total caloric intake. Amino acid metabolism in the feto-maternal unit appears to have a key influence on the development of organs involved in chronic degenerative disease in the adult. Experimental investigation has also highlighted the role of carbohydrate metabolism and its effect on the fetus in this respect. Either restriction of protein intake or diabetes in pregnant rats has intergenerational effects at least on the endocrine pancreas and the brain. Further investigation is needed to clarify the mechanisms involved and lead to a new understanding of the importance of nutrition during pregnancy. This will provide an important approach to the primary prevention of diabetes and chronic degenerative diseases.
Stroke complicating pregnancy and the puerperium; Background. The role of nonobstetric factors, such as stroke, in maternal mortality has become of increasing importance because maternal deaths resulting directly from obstetric causes are decreasing. Strokes contribute to high mortality and morbidity, and are severe complications during pregnancy and puerperium. The objective of this study was to investigate the maternal outcome of patients with complications of stroke during pregnancy and puerperium. The causes, incidence and essential management of stroke are also reviewed. Methods. During the 10-year period from January, 1986, to January, 1996, women who suffered from stroke during pregnancy, or up to six weeks postpartum, and were discharged from our hospital were identified. Stroke was defined as the abrupt onset of a focal neurologic syndrome that consisted of hemorrhagic and ischemic central nervous system events. All were assessed using computerized tomography or magnetic resonance imaging. Neurologists reviewed each case from the medical records. Results. Thirteen women who had a stroke during pregnancy or puerperium were identified. Nine of these women had intracerebral hemorrhage and four had ischemic strokes. During this 10-year period, approximately 85,321 women gave birth at the Mackay Memorial Hospital, and the incidence of stroke was approximately 1 in 6,500 pregnancies. Among the nine cases of hemorrhagic strokes, three women had preeclampsia and one had gestational diabetes mellitus. Mortality from strokes was 38%, and 63% of survivors had residual neurologic deficits; 46% of the strokes occurred during the puerperium. Conclusions. Stroke during pregnancy and puerperium causes high mortality and morbidity. Early diagnosis and adequate treatment cannot be overemphasized, as prompt and proper management is beneficial for outcome. The same meticulous care provided during the antepartum and intrapartum periods should be continued into the puerperium.
Pregnancy outcome in aboriginal women with NIDDM in the Sioux Lookout Zone.; PURPOSE: To review the pregnancy outcomes of Aboriginal women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) in the Sioux Lookout Zone of Northwestern Ontario, Canada. METHOD: Retrospective chart review of deliveries of all women with a confirmed diagnosis of NIDDM was carried out between 1989 and 1992. RESULTS: During this period, 26 infants were born to 19 women with the diagnosis of NIDDM. Mean birth weight was 4,075 grams, with an average gestational age at delivery of 38 weeks. Three newborns required cesarean delivery, one required forceps, and one a vacuum extraction. There were four cases of shoulder dystocia. There were one stillbirth, one maternal death, and two cases of congenital heart disease. Ten newborns had neonatal jaundice and only two had neonatal hypoglycemia. These results suggest there is significant risk associated with NIDDM in pregnancy.
An observation of children born by women with diabetes mellitus; The aim of our work in the Clinic for Children Born by Women with Diabetes Mellitus and of this study is analysis of somatic and psychomotor development, diagnosis of possible carbohydrate and lipid metabolism disorders and congenital defects not diagnosed in early stage of medical care. 69 patients aged 1 month-13 years (38 children below 1 year) born by mothers with IDDM (32), NIDDM (7) and GDM (30) were included in the study. 20 children were born before 38 hbd, 39 by caesarean section. The health condition was established by medical examination, parents' interview and medical record. During medical examination physical development and neurological status with neurophysiological development of psychomotoric abilities by Vojta was of special attention. Laboratory tests included: blood test and glucose concentration in blood, aminotransferase level, urea test, fructosamine and glycosylated haemoglobin concentration, total cholesterol, HDL concentration and biochemical liver function tests. Immunological tests included: IgA, IgM, IgG, IgE and complement and immunological complexes level. Oxidative stress was evaluated by dimalonealdehyde level, vit. E concentration, peroxidative dismutase, glutathione peroxidase and total antioxidants level. We found a high percentage of high body weight at birth (over 97th percentile) in 30% of patients in relation to hbd. 6 children had neurological disorders (underwent observation for infantile cerebral palsy). 2.9% children had organic heart disease. Diabetes mellitus was diagnosed in 2 children (2.9%). A surprisingly high percentage of children had lipid metabolism and immunologic disorders. Considerable percentage of children had increased IgE levels and antibodies against bovine milk proteins (IgE).
Doppler echocardiographic studies on fetal cardiac function of diabetic mothers; OBJECTIVE: To assess fetal cardiac function by Doppler echocardiography in diabetic pregnancies. METHODS: We investigated the changes of cardiac function in 54 normal fetuses and 23 fetuses of diabetic mothers. Cardiac anatomic datas were obtained by measuring the diameter of the aortic (AO), the pulmonary artery (PA), the mitral valve(MV), the tricuspid valve (TV) and interventricular septal thickness (IVS). Blood flow evlocity were obtained from the AO, PA, atrioventricular valves. The following variables were measured: peak flow velocity (PFV), accelerate time (ACT), systolic volume (SV) and ForceF. These indices respresented the systolic function. The peak early flow velocity (PFVe), peak late flow velocity (PFVa), PFVe/PFVa(E/A), mean velocity (V) of MV or TV respresented the diastolic function. RESULTS: The results revealed that in fetuses of diabetic mothers, IVS became thickness. The diameter of AO, PA, MV, TV were wider than that of normal fetases. The PFV, SV, ForceF of AO or PA increased significantly. There was no different in ACT between two groups. The PFVa of MV or TV increased significantly, whereas the E/A of both atrioventricular valves decreased. CONCLUSION: It showed that the fetal hyperinsulinemia triggered by maternal hyperglycemia result in fetal weight increasing, as well as hyperplasia and hypertrophy of myocardial cells. An iacreased contractility is compatible with relatively larger size of such fetuses. The intracardiac flow volume increased secondary to the more needs of fetal development. Abnormal thickenning IVS might impair ventricular diastolic function.
Neurobehaviour of school age children born to diabetic mothers; Aim - To study the neurobehavioural effects that diabetes during pregnancy might have on children by school age. Methods - The neurobehavioural function of 57 school age children born to 48, well controlled diabetic mothers was compared with 57 control children matched for age, birth order, and parental socioeconomic status, using several cognitive, behavioural, sensory and motor neurological tests. Results - The IQ scores of the index group children were similar to those of control children (117.7 ± 13.4 vs 118.5 ± 10.1). There were no differences between the groups in various sensory motor functions. However, the index group children performed less well than the controls on indices of fine and gross motor functions, as observed on the Bruininks-Oseretzky test of motor proficiency. The scores of children born to diabetic mothers were higher than controls on the Touwen and Prechtl neurological examination. They also performed worse in the Pollack tapper test which is designed to detect minor neurological deficits, inattention, and hyperactivity. The index children had higher scores on the Conners abbreviated parent-teacher questionnaire which measures hyperactivity and inattention. There was a negative correlation between the performance of the index group children on various neurodevelopmental and behavioural tests and the severity of hyperglycaemia, as assessed by blood glycosylated haemoglobin and acetonuria. Conclusions - Diabetes during pregnancy adversely affects some fine neurological functions in children at school age, but not their cognitive scores. These effects are not correlated with the degree of glycaemic control.
Fetal heart-rate monitoring during maternal hypoglycaemic coma: A case report; Contradictory descriptions exist concerning the fetal heart-rate (FHR) patterns that appear during maternal hypoglycaemia. We report a case of maternal hypoglycaemic coma during which a FHR tracing was obtained showing a normal type D accelerative pattern.
Hormonal choices after gestational diabetes: Subsequent pregnancy, contraception, and hormone replacement; The effects of subsequent states of excess hormone exposure, for example, subsequent pregnancy, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy, on the development of diabetes in women with prior gestational diabetes were assessed. Current literature examining the effect of parity, hormonal contraception, and hormonal replacement therapy in healthy women and women with previous gestational diabetes and current diabetes was reviewed. Subsequent pregnancy in women with prior GDM appears to triple the risk of subsequent diabetes. Low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives do not appear to clinically increase the risk of diabetes. Hormonal replacement therapy appears to provide the greatest reduction in coronary artery disease to women at greatest risk, i.e., those who have developed diabetes. Careful follow-up and metabolic surveillance should be provided when prescribing hormonal contraception or replacement therapy. In women with prior gestational diabetes, exposure to repeat pregnancy poses a greater risk for subsequent diabetes than does either an exposure to low-dose progestin and estrogen combination oral contraceptives or to postmenopausal hormonal therapy, both of which do not appear to increase the risk of diabetes.
Fetal cardiac function and septal thickness in diabetic pregnancy: A controlled observational and reproducibility study; Objective: To determine the reproducibility of duplex Doppler waveform analysis and fetal cardiac interventricular septal thickness measurement and to compare these parameters in matched pregnancies with and without well- controlled maternal Type 1 diabetes at 18-20 weeks of gestation. Design: A prospective blind twin cohort study and a blinded inter-observer and intra- observer agreement study. Setting: A tertiary referral prenatal diagnostic unit within a university hospital. Results: Good inter- and intra-observer agreement was found for the measurement of transvalvular peak flow velocities and the duration of ventricular ejection in the fetal heart. Inter-observer agreement for aortic flow acceleration rate was poor. M-mode measurement of interventricular septal thickness showed moderate reproducibility. The mean (SD) width of the interventricular septum in the fetuses of well controlled diabetic women was 2.1 mm (0.2 mm), and was significantly greater (P = 0.01) when compared with the corresponding value in matched controls [1.9 mm (0.2 mm)]. No cardiac functional differences were evident. Conclusions: On-screen video analysis of Doppler cardiac flow waveforms and M-mode measurement of intraventricular septal thickness demonstrated good reproducibility. The fetuses of well controlled diabetic pregnancies demonstrated signs of altered cardiac morphology early in pregnancy, before any evident alterations in cardiac function.
Transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a neonate after acute fetal distress; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is rare in neonates. The causes include metabolic disease, maternal diabetes, dexamethasone therapy in premature newborns for bronchopulmonary dysplasia and idiopathic hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The authors present a case report regarding a neonate with transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, after acute fetal distress. Signs of congestive cardiac failure appeared at day 1. Echocardiography showed signs of mild pulmonary hypertension and normal ventricular wall thickness. Echocardiography on day 2 showed hypertrophy of myocardial walls affecting first the right ventricular anterior wall and the interventricular septum, followed by the left ventricular posterior wall. With therapy, clinical improvement was noted on day 4. The ventricular wall thickness was almost normal at three weeks. The authors alert physicians to the importance of echocardiographic examination of these neonates.
Medical problems during pregnancy; Dramatic physiologic changes are part of normal human pregnancy. The physiologic alterations of pregnancy have the potential to affect chronic diseases, to unmask subclinical conditions, or to alter the presentation and course of newly acquired illnesses. An update in selected topics of obstetric medicine follows, focusing on clinical entities in which there have been significant advances in diagnosis or management. Additionally, reviews of selected medical disorders, such as HIV infection and asthma, that are rising in incidence in women of reproductive age are included.
TRIPOD (TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes): A randomized, placebo-controlled trial of troglitazone in women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus; The TRoglitazone In the Prevention Of Diabetes (TRIPOD) trial is a single-center, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-masked study. The primary aim of the TRIPOD trial is to test the hypothesis that chronic administration of troglitazone to nondiabetic women with prior gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) will improve whole-body insulin sensitivity and reduce the incidence of non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM). Because troglitazone is already known to lower blood glucose concentrations in persons who have developed NIDDM, an additional aim of the project will be to determine whether early intervention with troglitazone will achieve better final glycemic control than can be achieved by later intervention. In addition, since troglitazone treatment is expected to improve insulin sensitivity and may prevent or delay a decline in glucose tolerance, we also plan to determine whether long-term troglitazone treatment alters the development or progression of atherosclerosis. In this article we describe the experiment's design, the study's endpoints and methods for determining those endpoints, methods for assessing quality of life, and proposed methods for statistical analyses. The unique two-phase study design of the TRIPOD trial will permit testing not only of the biological question about reversal of insulin resistance and prevention of diabetes, but also of the clinical question about whether early intervention is superior to late intervention. Results from this trial will have an important impact on the monitoring and treatment of patients at high risk for NIDDM.
Normal and gestational diabetic pregnancies: Lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoproteins; OBJECTIVE: To evaluate plasma lipids, lipoproteins and apolipoprotein changes induced by gestational diabetes. STUDY DESIGN: In this case-control study, 60 women between 26 and 32 weeks of pregnancy were allocated to four groups according to lipid status and glucose tolerance: (1) normolipemia and no gestational diabetes, (2) normolipemia and gestational diabetes, (3) hyperlipemia and no gestational diabetes, and (4) hyperlipemia and gestational diabetes. Total cholesterol, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, very low density lipoprotein cholesterol (VLDLc), triglycerides, triglycerides/very low density lipoprotein (VLDL), apolipoproteins (APO) A1 and APO B, APO B-VLDL and APO B/low-density lipoprotein were measured. RESULTS: There were no statistically significant differences in the normolipemic group of women. Among the hyperlipemic patients, gestational diabetic women showed lower VLDLc when compared to nondiabetic patients. CONCLUSION: Our results, comparing groups separated groups by lipid status, show that the only difference in lipid profile associated with glucose intolerance is lower VLDLc in hyperlipemic patients.
Maternal morbidity associated with triplet pregnancy; The objective of this article is to describe maternal morbidity in a large cohort of triplet pregnancies managed by a single Maternal-Fetal Medicine group over a short period of time. Records from all triplet pregnancies managed and delivered from 1992 to 1996 were reviewed for maternal outcome data. Pregnancies delivered prior to 20 weeks were excluded. During the 4-year study period, 55 triplet pregnancies were managed and delivered at this center. The most common maternal complication was preterm labor, which occurred in 42 cases (76%). Preterm premature rupture of membranes occurred in 11 cases (20%). Pregnancy-induced hypertensive complications occurred in 15 cases (27%), which included severe preeclampsia 13 (24%), hemolysis, elevated liver function tests, and low platelets (HELLP) syndrome 5 (9%), and eclampsia 1 (2%). Other maternal antenatal complications included anemia 15 (27%), acute fatty liver of pregnancy 4 (7%), gestational diabetes 4 (7%), supraventricular tachyarrhythmias 2 (4%), dermatoses 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and acute disc prolapse requiring surgery in 1 case (2%). Postnatal complications occurred in 18 cases (33%), including endometritis 13 (24%), postpartum hemorrhage 5 (9%), pneumonia 2 (4%), urinary tract infection 2 (4%), and diastasis of rectus muscles requiring surgery in 1 (2%). There were no maternal deaths. Antenatal and postnatal maternal complications occur in almost all triplet gestations, suggesting that such pregnancies be managed at centers that have appropriate multidisciplinary expertise available.
Insulin resistance and preeclampsia; Insulin resistance appears to be a causative mechanism for the development of essential hypertension. Insulin resistance syndrome consists of a cluster of abnormalities that aggravate preexisting tendencies to develop hypertension, resulting in a cascade of physiologic alterations and ultimately leading to increased rates of heart attack, stroke, and peripheral vascular disease. Like hypertension, NIDD is mediated by insulin resistance and is expressed in individuals with limited beta-cell reserve. Episodes of increased insulin resistance, such as aging, weight gain, and pregnancy, cannot be compensated for in these states, and glucose intolerance results. In the case of pregnancy, the temporary state of insulin resistance unmasks individuals with an early beta-cell defect and allows for identification of high-risk groups at a time when therapeutic interventions could result in primary prevention of disease. Evidence is beginning to accumulate that preeclampsia is at least partially mediated by insulin resistance as well, and that individuals with preeclampsia may have clinically silent but persistent alterations in insulin resistance. If this condition proves a corollary to gestational diabetes, there may be an opportunity to intervene for primary prevention of some forms of essential hypertension as well. The availability of new pharmacologic agents to enhance insulin sensitivity represents a true opportunity effectively to prevent the long-term complications associated with insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia. To achieve this goal, early and accurate identification of populations at risk is essential. A complete understanding of the role of insulin resistance in the generation of preeclampsia will aid significantly in the discovery of the genetic polymorphisms and intracellular pathways by which insulin resistance is translated into cardiovascular disease, stroke, and nephropathy.
Intracardiac iron distribution in newborn guinea pigs following isolated and combined fetal hypoxemia and fetal iron deficiency; Myocardial iron deficiency complicates chronic intrauterine hypoxemia during diabetic pregnancies. To understand the effect of both conditions during fetal life on intracardiac iron prioritization, we measured heart myoglobin, cytochrome c, and elemental iron concentrations in six iron- deficient, hypoxic, five iron-sufficient, hypoxic, six iron-deficient, normoxic, and six iron-sufficient, normoxic newborn guinea pigs. The iron- deficient, hypoxic group had lower heart iron (p = 0.03) but higher myoglobin concentration (p < 0.0001) when compared with the iron-sufficient, normoxic group. The percentage of iron incorporated into myoglobin was higher than control in the iron-deficient, hypoxic group (23.2 ± 7.2% vs. 5.2 ± 0.8%; p < 0.001) and increased as total heart iron decreased (r = 0.97; p < 0.001). In contrast, heart cytochrome c concentration was lower than control in the iron-deficient, hypoxic group (p = 0.01), with equal percentages of heart iron incorporated into cytochrome c. This intracellular prioritization of myocardial iron to myoglobin and away from cytochrome c following combined fetal hypoxemia and iron deficiency may represent an adaptive mechanism to preserve myocardial tissue oxygenation, although at the expense of oxidative phosphorylative capability.
Natural history of myocardial hypertrophy and its association with hyperinsulinism in infants of diabetic mothers; PURPOSE: To test the hypothesis that myocardial hypertrophy is associated with increased serum insulin levels in children of diabetic mothers and to determine the frequency and timing of this spontaneous regression. METHODS: Seventy-two patients were studied (54 children of diabetic mothers and 18 controls). Diagnosis of myocardial hypertrophy was made by fetal echocardiography. Amniotic fluid insulin levels were obtained from a previous prenatal study on hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, since the participation of the mothers was common to both projects. RESULTS: There were 10 cases of myocardial hypertrophy among children of diabetic mothers (18.52%). Septal thickness was significantly different between the 2 groups (children of diabetic mothers and controls) in the evaluation performed at the age of 1 month (p = 0.04). Insulin levels were still increased in children of diabetic mothers until the age of 3 months. During this period insulin levels were significantly higher than those of controls (p = 0.003 and p = 0.001, at 1 and 3 months, respectively). The association between regression of ventricular septum thickness and the decrease of insulin levels occurred up to the age of 1 month. CONCLUSION: There was spontaneous regression of ventricular septum thickness in children of diabetic mothers during the first 6 months of life. The association between hyperinsulinism and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy was present up to the first month of life.
Persistent elevation and metabolic dependence of circulating E-selectin after delivery in women with gestational diabetes mellitus; The increased risk of premature atherosclerosis in noninsulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) might be related in part to augmented expression of endothelial adhesion molecules (AMs). So far it is, however, unknown whether increased circulating (c) AMs in NIDDM are only a consequence of this disease or also involved in its sequelae. To determine the presence of cAMs in a population at increased risk for subsequent development of NIDDM, we analyzed fasting and postprandial [oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT): 100 g] serum concentrations of circulating E-selectin, vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (cVCAM-1), and intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (cICAM-1) in pregnant women with either gestational diabetes (GDM) or normal glucose tolerance (NT) before and after delivery vs. nonpregnant healthy women (C). During pregnancy cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 were elevated in both GDM and NT vs. nonpregnant females (P < 0.01 vs. C). Following delivery, all GDM females regained normal glucose tolerance according to OGTT criteria, but showed slightly higher postprandial [area under the curve (AUC)(180 min)] glycemia and HbA1c values than nonpregnant healthy women (P < 0.05), indicating persisting subtle abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism. cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 remained increased in GDM (P < 0.01 vs.C) after delivery, but fell to normal in NT (P < 0.05 before vs. after delivery). Furthermore, a correlation was seen in GDM females between cE-selectin and HbA1c (P < 0.005), fasting glucose (P < 0.01), and insulin (P < 0.05) as well as postprandial (AUC(180 min)) glucose and insulin concentrations (P < 0.05) during OGTTs, both before and after delivery. ICAM-1, however, did not differ significantly between groups. In summary, GDM is characterized by persistently raised levels of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 12 weeks after delivery. Whether these persistent elevations of cE-selectin and cVCAM-1 reflect early vascular injury or represent a risk factor for atherosclerosis in women at increased risk for NIDDM remains to be determined.
Poor fetal protection against excessive glucose transfer; The environment for human fetuses, the uterus, offers considerable protection for offspring over and above the other main option available for members of the animal kingdom - the egg. The development of the uterine system among mammals has taken many thousands of years. Prior to the availability of insulin, successful pregnancy was not a realistic proposition for women with diabetes. Seventy-five years is minute in evolutionary terms and it is therefore not surprising that the fetus has not developed adequate protection against the metabolic effects of maternal hyperglycemia in this short time. Essentially these include: increased risk of miscarriage, higher rates of congenital anomalies, fetal macrosomia with potential birth trauma, neonatal hypoglycemia, polycythemia, neonatal respiratory distress, intrauterine fetal death and possible adult heart disease and diabetes. Obstetricians and other health care colleagues should educate women about the potential problems of poor diabetes control in pregnancy and guide them towards improving their blood glucose concentrations.
Putative role of adhesion molecules in metabolic disorders; Diabetes mellitus is associated with an increased risk of premature vascular disease. Vascular research is focusing on a potential role of adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus, since classical risk factors including hyperlipidemia and hypertension do not completely account for the increased incidence of atherosclerosis in diabetes. After the expression of adhesion molecules on the cell surface, they are shed into plasma. Thus plasma concentrations of circulating adhesion molecules may be representative for endothelial activation, damage or turnover. Recently, evidence has been accumulating that increased plasma levels of adhesion molecules may predict cardiovascular disease, may be pathognomonic for diabetic microangiopathy or may even play a functional pathophysiologic role. The purpose of this article is to briefly summarise the role of (circulating) adhesion molecules in diabetes mellitus.
Management of newly diagnosed non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in the primary care setting: Effects of 2 years of gliclazide treatment - The diadem study; Five thousand five hundred seventy-two newly diagnosed non-insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) patients (3,225 men and 2,347 women; mean age, 58.5 years) were recruited through the General Practitioners (GPs) network in France. All had persistent hyperglycemia after a preliminary 3- month period with dietary and life-style modification. Gliclazide (80 to 320 mg/d) was then prescribed as diabetic pharmacotherapy for 2 years. Additional therapy for hypertension and dyslipidemia was started if necessary. The aim of the study was mainly to determine the feasibility of a GP-directed protocol for the monitoring and treatment of newly diagnosed NIDDM patients, and to assess the effectiveness of diabetic therapy in this cohort. Diabetes was diagnosed in 78% of the cohort during routine screening. Among the women, 6.5% had a history of gestational diabetes. Eighteen percent of the patients had a parental history of diabetes, and the dominant maternal role in the genesis of NIDDM was confirmed. High blood pressure (Joint National Committee V criteria) was found at inclusion in 38.8% of the whole cohort. Hyperlipidemia was known in 44.6%. A history of stroke was present in 1.8% of the patients, and coronary heart disease (CHD) in 6.3%. These data support the relationship between the atherogenic state and development of NIDDM. Microalbuminuria defined as urinary albumin excretion (UAE) of at least 20 mg/L was found in 29.6% of the patients, and retinopathy in 9.8%. Among the included patients, 23% did not complete the study and were excluded from the efficacy analysis. Of these, 14% (808 patients) had only baseline evaluation data and 9% (499 patients) withdrew later. Comparison of mean baseline and final results in study completers uncovered a significant improvement in fasting blood glucose ([FBG] 182 ± 48 v 137 ± 40 mg/dL), post prandial blood glucose ([PPBG] 209 ± 68 v 162 ± 52 mg/dL), and hemoglobin A(1c) ([HbA(1c)] 8.7% ± 2.5% v 7.3% ± 2.0%). A slight improvement in total cholesterol (228 ± 44 v 222 ± 41 mg/dL), body mass index ([BMI] 28.5 ± 4.7 v 27.9 ± 4.5 kg/m2), and waist to hip ratio (0.99 ± 0.1 v 0.98 ± 0.1) was observed. There was a decrease in the percentage of patients with high blood pressure (38.5% v 30.7%). A mild increase in the prevalence of retinopathy (10.2% v 11.8%) was noted during the study, while the incidence of microalbuminuria remained unchanged (30.2% v 29.5%). In conclusion, the data indicate that the GPs involved in this study were able to successfully monitor and manage NIDDM patients in accordance with a standardized protocol. Gliclazide appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment. The high prevalence of chronic diabetic complications at diagnosis emphasizes the delay encountered in reaching the diagnosis of NIDDM and the problems associated with this delay. In addition to the classic risk factors for NIDDM exhibited in this patient cohort, we have identified CHD and a maternal genetic component as further potential predicting factors.
Acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a child with the CHIME neuroectodermal dysplasia syndrome; The 'CHIME' syndrome (MIM 280000) is a rare neuroectodermal disorder comprised of Colobomas of the eye, Heart defects, Ichthyosiform dermatosis, Mental retardation, and Ear defects. We report on the sixth child with this syndrome and the first of these to develop acute lymphoblastic leukemia at age 4 1/4 years. Her major problems included a migratory ichthyosiform dermatosis, multiple skin infections and infestations, bilateral retinal coloboma, developmental delay, seizures, infantile macrosomia, facial anomalies, a duplicated renal collecting system, and conductive hearing loss. Histologic examination of the skin demonstrated findings of an epidermal nevus with deep rete pegs, hyperkeratosis, and a markedly increased granular layer. The cause of the CHIME syndrome is unknown, but the disorder is easily recognized because of the striking phenotype. The diagnosis is important to make because of the potential for associated congenital heart disease, neurologic compromise, possible autosomal recessive inheritance, and possible association with malignancy.
Maternal diabetes mellitus: Which views are essential for fetal echocardiography?; Objective: To determine which fetal echocardiography views are essential to detect the majority of cardiac defects in fetuses of women with diabetes mellitus. Methods: Fetal echocardiograms performed from February 1990 through May 1996 on insulin-requiring women with diabetes were reviewed. Individual component views of the examination were analyzed for the detection of fetal congenital heart defects. Sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were calculated. Multiple gestations and patients with additional risk factors for congenital heart defects were excluded. Results: A total of 223 patients were included in the study. There were 11 (4.9%) congenital heart defects, eight of which were conotruncal. When the four-chamber view and outflow tracts appeared normal, additional views such as the ductal and aortic arches did not detect a cardiac defect. The sensitivity of the four-chamber view for detecting art abnormal heart increased from 73% to 82% with the addition of the aortic outflow tract. There were two false-negative and no false-positive diagnoses. Conclusion: The four-chamber and outflow tracts are the essential views that will detect most cardiac defects in fetuses of women with insulin-requiring diabetes mellitus.
Neonatal symptomatic thromboembolism in Germany: Two year survey; Aims-To determine the incidence of neonatal thromboembolism in Germany. Methods-Diagnostic imaging techniques, therapeutic modalities, and short term outcome were evaluated in a prospective nationwide two year case registry study. Results-The reported incidence of symptomatic neonatal thromboembolism, diagnosed in most cases with Doppler ultrasonography, was 5.1 per 100 000 births, with a total of 79 cases registered: renal venous thrombosis (n=35); venous thrombosis (n=25); and arterial vascular occlusion (n=19). Fifty seven of 79 thromboses were associated with additional risk factors (central line n=25, asphyxia n=13, septicaemia n=11, dehydration n=6, maternal diabetes n=2, cardiac disease n=1). Inherited thrombophilia was also diagnosed in seven out of 35 cases investigated. Twenty three children received supportive treatment: 42 received heparin and in 13 neonates thrombolytic agents were administered. Most neonates (91%) survived; seven died. Conclusion-Controlled multicentre studies are needed to obtain more information on treatment efficacy.
New concepts in extracellular signaling for insulin action: the single gateway hypothesis.; Insulin resistance is a precursor to and primary cause of Type 2 diabetes mellitus. In addition, insulin resistance is associated with other chronic diseases, including gestational diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Resistance to insulin's effects on carbohydrate metabolism include diminished actions of insulin to enhance glucose uptake and suppress endogenous glucose production. This chapter introduces new concepts related to the mechanism by which insulin stimulates glucose utilization in vivo and demonstrates that these processes are mechanistically linked to glucose production. Insulin acts rapidly in vitro to stimulate glucose uptake; in contrast, its effects in vivo are relatively slow in the conscious animal or human subject. The explanation for this difference between in vitro and in vivo dynamics is the delay associated with insulin transport across capillary endothelium of insulin-sensitive tissues (primarily muscle). Also, interstitial insulin is attenuated in concentration compared to plasma insulin at basal as well as under hyperinsulinemic conditions (plasma:interstitial ratio, 3:2). The sluggishness of insulin action and the attenuation in insulin concentration can be explained by a model in which transendothelial insulin transport is restricted and interstitial insulin binds to insulin-sensitive cells, where the hormone is internalized and degraded. Whether insulin transport occurs by a hormone-specific mechanism (i.e., via receptors on endothelial cells) was tested by comparing transport at physiological with pharmacological insulin concentrations-evidence supports a nonspecific mechanism of transport across endothelium (i.e., diffusion or transcytosis). Transendothelial transport alters the in vivo patterns of insulin signaling-biphasic plasma insulin after glucose injection is reflected in a simple, rapid increase in interstitial insulin to an elevated concentration. The time course of insulin's effect to suppress endogenous glucose output is a mirror image of its effect to enhance glucose uptake; however, there is no transendothelial barrier to insulin action at the liver. The similarity in action dynamics at periphery and liver was explained by a mechanism in which insulin crosses into peripheral tissue and alters a "second (blood-borne) signal" that, in turn, suppresses liver glucose production. Of various possible alternative candidates for the second signal, declining plasma free fatty acids appear to signal suppression of glucose production. We have proposed the "single gateway hypothesis" to explain insulin's action on carbohydrate metabolism in vivo: insulin crosses the endothelial boundary in skeletal muscle (to stimulate glucose disposal) and traverses the endothelial barrier in adipose tissue to suppress lipolysis. The declining free fatty acids are proposed to be a major factor in the insulin-mediated decline in glucose output. This mechanism can be contrasted with the classical concept that portal insulin controls the liver directly. Recent evidence supports the concept that, under normal levels of glucagonemia, less than 25% of the suppression of hepatic glucose output by insulin is due to a direct effect of insulin via the portal vein and that most of the effect (approximately 75%) is explained by the indirect single gateway mechanism. These results raise the question of whether hepatic insulin resistance in Type 2 diabetes can be explained by insulin resistance at the adipocyte, which causes a failure of reduction of FFA by insulin, leading to overproduction of glucose by the liver. The possible role of the single gateway mechanism in diabetes is under investigation.
New concepts for treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus remains a major cause of morbidity and premature mortality in our community. Although potentially amenable to control by lifestyle modification, this is difficult to achieve in practice. Additional approaches using drugs that enhance insulin secretion, suppress hepatic glucose production, and increase insulin sensitivity are available, and new agents are being developed. The thiazolidinedione drugs hold particular promise as insulin-sensitizing agents; however, at present, insulin administration is often also required. The importance of detection and treatment of risk factors for cardiovascular disease and the earlier detection and management of microvascular and infective complications remain of crucial importance.
Necrotizing enterocolitis in full-term or near-term infants: Risk factors; A retrospective case-control study of necrotizing enterocolitis (NEC) affecting infants weighing > 2000 g at birth was performed to determine those factors which could contribute to the development of NEC. Twenty-four infants met the criteria of definite NEC. For each case the next 2 healthy newborns were matched as controls. When compared with the control group, NEC infants had a significantly higher frequency of prolonged rupture of membranes, chorioamnionitis, Apgar score < 7 at 1 and 5 min, respiratory problems, congenital heart disease, hypoglycemia, and exchange transfusions. Only 3 infants with NEC were healthy newborns with an unremarkable perinatal course before NEC. There were no differences in the frequency of preeclampsia, maternal diabetes, maternal drug abuse, meconium-stained amniotic fluid and polycythemia. These results indicate that most of these more mature infants have a predisposing factor before developing NEC.
Plasma fibrinogen concentration in a Chinese population; Plasma fibrinogen concentration has been shown to be a predictor of major cardiovascular events. Information on plasma fibrinogen amongst Chinese has been scanty. We examined the relationships between plasma fibrinogen concentration and cardiovascular risk factors in 988 chinese subjects who underwent 75 g oral glucose tolerance test for screening for glucose intolerance. The study involved a selected sample with subjects who had an history of gestational diabetes, delivery of big babies (birth weight ≤ 4 kg), equivocal plasma glucose concentrations and subjects who were family members of diabetic patients. This was mainly a non-smoking (96.6%), non-drinking (98%) and non-exercising (99%) population of which 87% (n = 855) were female. Among the 988 subjects (age ± S.D. 36.8 ± 10.2, range 16-79 years), plasma fibrinogen concentration ranged from 1.40 to 9.90 g/l with a mean of 3.26 ± 0.93 g/l. On stratification of the subjects into 4 quartiles based on plasma fibrinogen concentrations, we found that increased plasma fibrinogen was associated with older age, higher body mass index (BMI), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting and 2 h plasma glucose (PG), prevalence of diabetes, glycated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) and triglyceride (TG) level. After adjustment for age and sex, increased plasma fibrinogen concentration remained associated with higher BMI, systolic BP, 2 h PG and TG level. On multivariate analysis using age, BMI, BP, TG, HbA(1c), and PG as independent variables, plasma fibrinogen was independently related to plasma TG concentration and HbA(1c). With 1 S.D. change in TG concentration and HbA(1c), there were 3.7 and 5.2% changes in plasma fibrinogen concentration respectively. These findings emphasize the close relationships between plasma fibrinogen and cardiovascular risk factors, in particular abnormal lipid and glucose metabolism.
Fourth Meeting for the Implementation of the St. Vincent Declaration. A joint meeting of the Ministry of Health, Portugal, the World Health Organization, Regional Office for Europe, and the International Diabetes Federation (Europe). Improving Health of People with Diabetes: The 'End of the Beginning'; The St. Vincent Declaration Action Programme is one of the major programmes for the development of quality of care in the European region at the present time. Starting with the 1st meeting in Saint Vincent, Italy, in 1989, where achievable targets were set for improvement of diabetes outcomes, St. Vincent has developed into a movement with activities in all the 51 Member States of the European region of the World Health Organization (WHO/EURO): from Vladivostoc in the east to the Azores in the west, from Spitzbergen in the north to Israel in the south. It has also become a model for other World Health Organization regions, as confirmed by the Declaration of the Americas, and has been adopted as a model for quality development processes in other chronic disease programmes such as cerebrovascular and renal disease, asthma and mental disorders. Under the auspices of WHO/EURO and International Diabetes Federation (IDF-Europe), the 'top-down' approach targets the Ministries of Health and the 'bottom-up' approach, together with the increasingly influential diabetes associations, targets the health care professionals, reflecting the IDF motto 'Together we are Stronger'. The present report focuses on St. Vincent achievements to date. On the macro level, there has been a rapid and remarkable development of national diabetes task forces with multi-professional and patient participation (46 countries by February 1997) and National Diabetes Programmes endorsed by governments (34 by February 1997). More important, the first fruits of St. Vincent are being presented as reports on actual reductions in blindness, amputations and perinatal mortality due to diabetes, as well as a decrease in emergency admissions of children due to ketoacidosis.
The Rubenesque pregnancy: A progression towards higher blood pressure correlates with a measure of endogenous and exogenous insulin levels; Women with gestational diabetes tend to progress to noninsulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) with a high cumulative incidence relative to the general population. These women have also been shown to be insulin resistant and may represent a variant of the insulin resistance syndrome or Syndrome X. Our previous studies indicated that administered insulin was associated with an increase in blood pressure in women with gestational diabetes, raising the question that insulin levels per se contribute to blood pressure in these women. We developed a means by which the insulin levels of a given pregnant individual might be estimated called the Fraction of Circulating Insulin Level Relative to Normal (FOCILRN = C-PEPTIDE/2.0 + TOTAL DAILY INSULIN DOSE/CALCULATED DAILY INSULIN REQUIREMENT BASED ON WEIGHT AND GESTATIONAL WEEK). The formula was applied to 15 nonhypertensive pregnant women of comparable obese phenotype (Rubenesque) with varying degrees of glucose tolerance (4 normal, 5 gestational diabetes treated with diet alone, 4 gestational diabetes treated with insulin, and 2 noninsulin-dependent diabetes). Blood pressure was quantified at the beginning of the study (gestational weeks 24-34) and again 4-8 weeks later using a 24-hr monitor. Correlation analysis was used to test for a relationship between the FOCILRN and blood pressure. The increase in mean arterial pressure was found to be continuous and linear with increasing insulin exposure as quantified by FOCILRN. The correlation was significant for all subjects (r = 0.961, p < 0.001) and remained significant even with removal of patients with NIDDM (r = 0.857, p < 0.001). The nighttime heart rate, systolic and diastolic blood pressures were found to be significantly correlated with FOCILRN (r = 0.651, p < 0.01, r = 0.724, p < 0.001, and r = 0.831, p < 0.001, respectively). The difference between the maximum and minimum diastolic blood pressure values between 12:00 AM and 6:00 AM between sessions 1 and 2 significantly differed among the groups with women on insulin having the highest FOCILRN having the least variation in blood pressure. In nonhypertensive women of obese phenotype (Rubenesque), increasing insulin exposure is associated with increasing mean arterial blood pressure and less variability of nocturnal blood pressure. These data provide support for the hypothesis that insulin may mediate blood pressure response in genetically vulnerable individuals. The identification of the Rubenesque phenotype during gestation may be a clinically useful marker for individuals at risk for Syndrome X.
Association of gestational diabetes with abnormal maternal vascular endothelial function; Objective - To evaluate vascular endothelial function in isolated small arteries from women with gestational diabetes. Methods - Small subcutaneous arteries (mean luminal diameter ~ 250μm) were dissected from biopsies obtained at caesarean section in 14 normotensive women with gestational diabetes and in 18 normotensive nondiabetic pregnant women. Vascular function was determined after mounting the arteries on a small vessel myograph. Results - Pre-constricted arteries from gestational diabetic pregnant women demonstrated poor relaxation to acetylcholine, an endothelium-dependent vasodilator (pEC50, mean [SE], 6.98 [0.10] vs normal pregnant, 7.28 [0.08], P < 0.03; % maximum relaxation, median [range], 88.2 [42.4-99.4] vs normal pregnant 94.2 [71.8-100.0], P < 0.01). In the presence of indomethacin relaxation to acetylcholine was similar in both groups suggesting a deficiency in dilator prostaglandin synthesis in the arteries from the diabetic women. The nitric oxide synthase inhibitor N(G)-monomethyl-L-arginine further reduced sensitivity of arteries to acetylcholine but to a similar degree in both normal pregnant and gestational diabetic women. Relaxation to sodium nitroprusside, an indicator of sensitivity of the vascular smooth muscle to nitric oxide, was similar in both groups. Conclusions Maternal vascular endothelial dysfunction may contribute to the increased incidence of cardiovascular disorders in women with gestational diabetes.
Steps toward the primary prevention of type II diabetes mellitus. Various epidemiological considerations; Non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM), or type II diabetes is rapidly becoming one of the most common chronic disease in the United States and worldwide, with more than 7% of the adult population affected. NIDDM is even more common in the elderly and in minority population including Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Asian and Pacific Island Americans, and Native Americans. In these populations, NIDDM may be present in 10% to as much as 50% of the adult population. However diagnosed NIDDM is only the tip of the iceberg of an epidemic of glucose intolerance. Impaired glucose intolerance (IGT) is even more prevalent that NIDDM; and in addition to be a major risk factor for the development of NIDDM, IGT is associated with an increased risk of macrovascular disease. Recent advances in research into the etiology and natural history of diabetes have increased the knowledge to such an extent that primary prevention of NIDDM is becoming a reality. This primary prevention can be implemented a) through a population strategy, i.e. changing the lifestyle and environmental determinants that are known to be risk factors for diabetes, and b) through high-risk strategy, i.e. targeting preventive measures only at those specific individuals or groups that are at high risk for the future development of NIDDM. The latter is the strategy of the Diabetes Prevention Program (DDP), a clinical study sponsored by the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Disease in USA. Twenty five centers were selected to participate in this program. The purpose of DPP is prevent or delay the development of NIDDM in those persons who are at high risk because they have IGT. DPP will also evaluate if the interventions selected to prevent the development of NIDDM can decrease the frequency of cardiovascular events and the occurrence and magnitude of the cardiovascular risk factors that accompany NIDDM and IGT. Four thousand volunteers will be recruited from populations known to be at particular high risk fo IGT and NIDDM including the following: elderly, overweight individuals, persons with family history of NIDDM, women with history of gestational diabetes, and minority populations. In order to be eligible, persons who are older than 25 years will have to demonstrate IGT with plasma glucose levels 100-139 mg/dl fasting and 140-199 mg/dL two hours after a 75 g OGTT. Three study intervention were selected based on their potential efficacy in ameliorating abnormal glucose metabolism in IGT and on their safety and tolerable profile of side-effects. The interventions include: intensive lifestyle intervention which focuses on a healthy diet to achieve and maintain at least a 7% loss of body weight and an increase in caloric expenditure of at least 700 kcal per week. The drug therapy interventions include the biguanide metformin and the thiazolidinedione troglizatone. Standard life-style recommendations, which include conventional instructions regarding diet and exercise, will be provided to all participants, including a placebo treated group which will serve as the control group for the study. After randomization, participants will have quarterly evaluations and have, in addition, a fasting plasma glucose at semi-annual visits and a 75 g OGTT at annual visits. All participants will be followed for three years after the study-wide closing date for recruitment, resulting in 3 to 6 years of participant follow-up. The primary outcome is the development of NIDDM according to WHO criteria (fasting plasma glucose level 140 mg/dL or 2-hour plasma glucose 200 mg/dL after a 75 g OGTT). Secondary outcome will focus en cardiovascular disease and its risk factors and change of glycemia, insulin secretion and sensitivity, obesity, physical activity and nutrient intake, quality of life, and the occurrence of adverse events.
Fetal echocardiographic screening of diabetic pregnancies for congenital heart disease; This study sought to assess pregnant diabetic women for the presence of fetal cardiac anomalies and to determine whether better diabetic control was associated with a reduced risk to the fetus. Between 1988 and 1995, pregnant type I and II diabetic women routinely underwent fetal echocardiography. Hemoglobin A1c values were used as an indicator of maternal diabetic control and any relation between congenital heart disease in the fetus and maternal hemoglobin A1c levels was sought. Cardiac defects were identified in 7 of 328 pregnancies assessed, for an incidence of congenital heart disease of 2.1% (95% confidence interval: 0.6-3.6%). A review of the postnatal cardiac database did not reveal any undetected major malformations. The mean hemoglobin A1c level was 7.6% ± 2.0% obtained at a mean gestational age of 12±7 weeks. Hemoglobin Alc levels of mothers carrying a fetus with congenital heart disease did not significantly differ from those with a normal fetus: 8.1% ± 3.4% versus 7.6% ± 1.9% (p = 0.48). Mothers with an affected fetus demonstrated a wide range of HbAlc levels (4.1 to 13.7%). Thus, the incidence of significant fetal cardiac abnormalities is low and not significantly related to maternal diabetic control.
Effects of a partially home-based exercise program for women with gestational diabetes; Objective: To examine the effectiveness of a partially home-based, moderate-intensity aerobic exercise program for women with gestational diabetes. Methods: This was a randomized experimental design. Thirty-three women with gestational diabetes were randomly assigned to the exercise or the no-exercise group. Subjects underwent hemoglobin A1C assay and submaximal cycle ergometer fitness tests at baseline and at study conclusion. Subjects kept diaries of home fasting and 2-hour postprandial blood glucose determinations. Exercise subjects were asked to exercise for 30 minutes three to four times weekly at 70% of estimated maximal heart rate for the weeks of study participation. Two exercise sessions weekly were supervised by the investigator, and two were unsupervised at home. Control-group subjects were asked to maintain their current activity level. Results: Daily fasting and postprandial blood glucose levels, hemoglobin A1C, incidence of exogenous insulin therapy, and incidence of newborn hypoglycemia were not different between the groups. There was a training effect in the exercise group (P = .005) but not in the control group (P = .25). A significant decline in daily grams of carbohydrate consumed was observed in the control group (P = .03), but not in the exercise group (P = .97). No complications were found in the subjects who exercised. Conclusions: A partially home-based exercise program did not reduce blood glucose levels, but did result in a modest increase in cardiorespiratory fitness. The intervention appeared safe.
Waardenburg syndrome type II in a Taiwanese woman with a family history of pseudoxanthoma elasticum; A 37-year-old Taiwanese woman presented to the Dermatology Clinic for a skin exam to rule out pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE). The patient stated she had a known family history of PXE, with a 31 -year-old brother with biopsy. proven cutaneous lesions of the lateral neck and another brother (33 years of age) with recently documented angioid streaks on ophthalmologic examination. The patient Stated that two other living brothers were without known cutaneous lesions and had refused ophthalmologic examinations. A fifth brother had died in infancy of unknown causes. There was no other known family history of PXE, and neither of the affected brothers had a known history of cardiovascular disease. The patient's past medical history was significant only for gestational diabetes during pregnancy. She had no history of hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, visual difficulty, bleeding abnormality, or intermittent claudication. Physical examination was notable for multiple hypo- and depigmented macules and patches of the anterior trunk, face, and dorsal hands. There were no cutaneous findings of PXE. Scalp examination revealed diffuse depigmentation of the hair roots (Fig. 1), and the patient admitted to the regular use of hair dyes since experiencing premature graying at 22 years of age. Ophthalmologic exam revealed heterochromia iridis (Fig. 2). The Windex (see below) was calculated to be 1.65 (within normal limits). Fundoscopic examination was normal. There was no history of hearing impairment. An expanded family history was performed after noting the patient's clinical phenotype suggestive of Waardenburg syndrome, and revealed several relatives with early graying, leukoderma, heterochromia iridis, and congenital deafness (see pedigree, Fig. 3). All of the patient's relatives lived in Taiwan, and therefore examinations were not possible.A 37-year-old Taiwanese woman presented to the Dermatology Clinic for a skin exam to rule out pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE). The patient stated she had a known family history of PXE, with a 31 -year-old brother with biopsy. proven cutaneous lesions of the lateral neck and another brother (33 years of age) with recently documented angioid streaks on ophthalmologic examination. The patient Stated that two other living brothers were without known cutaneous lesions and had refused ophthalmologic examinations. A fifth brother had died in infancy of unknown causes. There was no other known family history of PXE, and neither of the affected brothers had a known history of cardiovascular disease. The patient's past medical history was significant only for gestational diabetes during pregnancy. She had no history of hypertension, angina, myocardial infarction, cerebrovascular accident, visual difficulty, bleeding abnormality, or intermittent claudication. Physical examination was notable for multiple hypo- and depigmented macules and patches of the anterior trunk, face, and dorsal hands. There were no cutaneous findings of PXE. Scalp examination revealed diffuse depigmentation of the hair roots (Fig. 1), and the patient admitted to the regular use of hair dyes since experiencing premature graying at 22 years of age. Ophthalmologic exam revealed heterochromia iridis (Fig. 2). The Windex (see below) was calculated to be 1.65 (within normal limits). Fundoscopic examination was normal. There was no history of hearing impairment. An expanded family history was performed after noting the patient's clinical phenotype suggestive of Waardenburg syndrome, and revealed several relatives with early graying, leukoderma, heterochromia iridis, and congenital deafness (see pedigree, Fig. 3). All of the patient's relatives lived in Taiwan, and therefore examinations were not possible.
Fetal heart rate patterns in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes; Objective: To compare the fetal heart rate (FHR) pattern between fetuses of well controlled diabetic and non diabetic mothers using a computerized analysis of FHR. Study design: Weekly fetal surveillance was performed in 99 fetuses of mothers with diabetes class A, 21 fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R, and 55 fetuses of non-diabetic women, starting at 30 weeks' gestation. All diabetic patients were well controlled. Fetal surveillance included a computerized analysis of the FHR, umbilical and uterine Doppler velocimetry, and a biophysical profile. Changes of FHR variation, frequency of FHR accclerations, and umbilical and uterine Doppler velocimetry were calculated using a regression analysis for each patient. The average slopes and the intercept at 30, 34, and 38 weeks' gestation of these variables were compared among the three groups. Results: The slope of FHR variation and the frequency of accelerations had a lower rate of increase during the third trimester in fetuses of mothers with diabetes class A (0.84 ± 0.25 ms/week and 0.06 ± 0.02/20 min/week, respectively) compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (1.34 ± 0.55 ms/week and 0.5 ± 0.1/20 min/week, respectively). In fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R, FHR variation did not change with gestation (-0.011 ± 0.2 ms/week) with a small increase in the frequency of accelerations (0.02 ± 0.004/20 min/week). While no differences were observed at 30 weeks' gestation, FHR variation and the frequency of accclerations were significantly reduced at 34 weeks' gestation in fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (P < 0.01). At 38 weeks' gestation, fetuses of mothers with diabetes class B-R and diabetes class A had both significantly reduced FHR variation as well as frequency of accelerations compared with fetuses of non-diabetic mothers (P < 0.01). The rate of decrease of the umbilical and uterine artery S/D ratios were similar among the three groups. Conclusions: The FHR pattern appears to be different in fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers when related to fetuses of non-diabetic mothers. Disease specific standards should be considered for interpretation of FHR patterns in diabetic pregnancies.
Role of physical activity in the therapy and prevention of Type II diabetes mellitus; Increased physical activity should be part of the treatment for non insulin-dependent diabetic patients. Increased physical activity delays the onset of non insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) or even prevents the disease in about 50% of susceptible individuals (positive family history of NIDDM, body-mass index > 25, hypertension or gestational diabetes). Regular exercise has been shown to lower plasma triglyceride and to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels. Exercise has also beneficial effects on hypertension, body composition and fat distribution. Improved glucose tolerance has been achieved in type II diabetic patients in as little as one week with an exercise program. The beneficial effect of regular exercise on glucose control appears to reflect the cumulative effect of transient improvement in glucose tolerance following each individual bout of exercise. Increased insulin sensitivity is lost after as little as three days of inactivity. Most studies suggest that the maximum benefit from exercise is most likely to occur in patients with mild diabetes in whom insulin resistance and hyperinsulinemia are present (i.e. patients with fasting blood glucose of < 11 mM). The recommended frequency and duration of exercise is three times per week or every other day and, as adjunct for weight reduction, five to seven times per week for 30 to 45 min. at an intensity of 50 to 70% VO2max (or 60 to 80% of maximal the heart rate). Because of the high incidence of ischemic heart disease in type II diabetic patients, patients older than 35 years of age should undergo a graded exercise stress electrocardiogram. Attention should be paid to foot-care and the use of appropriate footwear and diabetic late complications, such as autonomic and peripheral neuropathy. Older obese NIDDM patients can achieve significant metabolic benefits from low-intensity programs, such as daily walking, which can be easily incorporated into daily living. Taking the necessary precautions, most patients with diabetes can take part in a monitored exercise program safely.
Diabetes in the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.; Diabetes prevalence and complications rates were examined for the indigenous population of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in the western Pacific. Diabetes is common, with 4% of the population and 11% of adults having diagnosed diabetes. Diabetes is more common among females and islanders of Carolinian descent. End stage renal disease, hospitalizations for pneumonia, non-traumatic lower extremity amputations and retinopathy are more common than expected (with relative risks of 3.9, 3.0, 1.5 and 1.3, respectively, compared with diabetics in US), while diabetes-related mortality and hospitalizations for ischemic heart disease/cerebrovascular disease are less (with relative risks of 0.9 and 0.8). Implications for primary and secondary prevention of diabetes and its complications are discussed.
Lipid levels in former gestational diabetic mothers; OBJECTIVE - To investigate lipids levels in former gestational diabetic mothers, 5-6 years postpartum, and to evaluate the relationship of these values to glucose, insulin, BMI, and blood pressure. RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS - The subjects were 56 former gestational diabetic mothers and 48 control mothers 5-6 years postpartum. Two hours after a 50-g carbohydrate meal, total cholesterol (TC), triglycerides (TG), HDL and LDL cholesterol, glucose, and insulin were measured and compared between the two groups (analysis of variance). BMI and blood pressure were also evaluated. The risk of finding an abnormal metabolic, anthropometric, or hemodynamic parameter in either group was assessed (χ2 analysis and Fisher's exact test). Correlation coefficients were assessed between the lipids versus insulin, glucose, BMI, and blood pressure. RESULTS - Mean TC, TG, LDL cholesterol, glucose, and systolic blood pressure were significantly higher in the gestational diabetic mothers than in the control mothers. In addition, there was greater likelihood of finding an abnormal TC ≤5.17 mmol/l, LDL cholesterol ≤4.14 mmol/l, and systolic blood pressure >140 mmHg in gestational diabetic mothers. Triglycerides correlated with BMI, insulin, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and HDL cholesterol correlated inversely with insulin in gestational diabetic mothers. CONCLUSIONS - We conclude that at 5-6 years postpartum, former gestational diabetic mothers demonstrate changes in lipid levels than differ from control mothers and that specific lipids correlate with cardiovascular risk factors. Further study is needed to evaluate gestational diabetic mothers for the development of cardiovascular risk factors including insulin resistance.
Gestational diabetes mellitus and hypertension in pregnancy: Hemodynamics and diurnal arterial pressure profile; We characterised the 24-h arterial pressure (AP) profile and the left ventricular (LV) structures and functions in pregnant women with pregnancy-induced hypertension (PIH) or gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Thirty pregnant women after 20 weeks' gestation - (10 normotensive; 10 with PIH; and 10 with GDM) - were investigated haemodynamically using 24-h AP monitoring and Doppler echocardiography for determination of LV structures and functions, both systolic and diastolic. The PIH women had significantly higher AP determinations throughout the 24 h, with no change in the diurnal variation, ie, nocturnal decline and early morning peaks. The LV mass was greater in PIH and GDM than in the normotensive women, despite normal AP in GDM. The increased LV mass in GDM was mainly due to LV dilatation and not to increased thickness of its walls. In PIH, the increase in AP was due to peripheral vasoconstriction, while cardiac output was preserved. The LV systolic functions did not differ among the three groups. However, a slight reduction in the myocardial contractility was found in PIH and GDM. The LV relaxation was significantly impaired in both PIH and GDM. Thus, GDM and PIH, although differing in their 24-h AP profile, are characterised by LV hypertrophy and reduction in diastolic function.
Detection of a vascular ring with fetal echocardiography; Aortic arch anomalies may have major clinical significance after birth. Prenatal diagnosis of an aortic arch anomaly creating a vascular ring was detected by two-dimensional ultrasound and is presented in this case report.
Prenatal diagnosis and clinical significance of hypoplastic umbilical artery; This study reports the maternal, fetal, and neonatal outcomes in cases with hypoplastic umbilical artery. The sonographic finding of a three-vessel umbilical cord showing an artery-to-artery diameter difference of more than 50 per cent was defined as hypoplastic umbilical artery. All fetuses diagnosed with hypoplastic umbilical artery underwent genetic amniocentesis and ultrasound. Fetal, maternal, and neonatal outcomes were analysed. Twelve fetuses with hypoplastic umbilical artery were detected over a 6-year period (1989-1995). Associated abnormalities included trisomy 18 (one case), polyhydramnios (three cases), congenital heart disease (one case), and fetal growth restriction (two cases). Maternal diabetes was detected in four cases. The pregnancy was terminated in one case; one neonate with severe fetal growth restriction expired; and one survived with congenital heart disease. The presence of hypoplastic umbilical artery was associated with increased perinatal morbidity and congenital abnormalities. Diabetes was frequently detected. Fetal surveillance and echocardiography are indicated in cases of hypoplastic umbilical artery.
The management of diabetes in pregnancy; The aim of the diabetes specialist is to provide a service to the pregnant diabetic woman so that she will present to her obstetrician with such well-controlled plasma glucose levels that her pregnancy will proceed without any diabetes-related problem, and she will be delivered of a normal baby, of normal size, at the normal fullterm gestation, by the normal route. There are some problems in achieving this aim. The exact definition of hyperglycaemia in pregnancy is still a matter of dispute. Screening methods to identify the problem differ widely. Many centres have developed joint diabetes/antenatal clinics, but there are practical problems with such an approach. Pre-pregnancy counselling, and discussion of contraceptive measures is an important task for the diabetologist and requires up-to-date knowledge. Control of plasma glucose requires alteration of insulin doses as pregnancy proceeds. Mothers with retinal, renal or cardiac problems will need special care. The medical problems which develop, and the management of blood glucose during labour and delivery, mean that the diabetes team must be very adjacent to the obstetric service, and a centralised approach offers many advantages. The postpartum state, and the long-term outcome for both mother and baby, remain both an interest and a responsibility for the obstetric physician.
Transient right sided hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant born to a diabetic mother.; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM) is a rare primary myocardial disease, characterized by hypertrophy of the left and/or right ventricle. Infants of diabetic mothers (IDM) are at risk for development of HCM, respiratory distress and persistent pulmonary hypertension. A case of severe right sided HCM in an infant born to a diabetic mother is presented. The patient's findings were complementary to the previous observations reporting HCM in IDM. The presence of disproportionate septal hypertrophy in the echocardiography of an infant born to a diabetic mother is highly suggestive of HCM in IDM. In our opinion, further cardiac evaluation is not indicated unless other cardiac abnormalities are suspected.
Exercise fails to improve postprandial glycemic excursion in women with gestational diabetes; The effect of an acute period of moderate intensity exercise on maternal glycemic excursion following a mixed nutrient meal was studied. Five normal (NL) and six gestational diabetic (GDM) subjects were enrolled. A randomized crossover design was used to compare fasting glucose and insulin levels, peak glucose and insulin levels and incremental area of the glycemic and insulin curves following a mixed nutrient meal with or without an exercise stress that took place 14 h earlier. Exercise consisted of upright stationary cycling for 30 min at a heart rate consistent with 60% V̇O(2 max). The clinical characteristics of normal and gestational diabetic subjects were comparable. Mean values (±SEM) with, versus without, exercise for fasting glucose (NL: 78.9 ± 2.6 vs. 80.0 ± 2.6 mg/dl; GDM: 86.4 ± 2.0 vs. 82.1 ± 3.5 mg/dl), peak glucose (NL: 132.3 ± 10.4 vs. 139.1 ± 15.6 mg/dl; GDM: 165.8 ± 5.5 vs. 160.3 ± 7.8 mg/dl), the area under the glycemic curve (NL: 5758 ± 1038 vs. 6393 ± 1281 mg/dl · min; GDM: 8,178 ± 890 vs. 8,331 ± 563 mg/dl · min) did not differ. Similarly, plasma insulin levels did not differ between protocols for either group of subjects. Exercise has been proposed as a treatment to reduce glycemia in gestational diabetes. Results from this study indicate a single bout of exercise did not blunt the glycemic response observed following a mixed nutrient meal.
Uterine arcuate artery Doppler and decidual microvascular pathology in pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes mellitus.; The objective was to correlate Doppler indices from the uterine arcuate arteries with an analysis of the decidual vascular histology in patients with type I diabetes. Pulsed wave Doppler was used to sample the uterine arcuate artery system beneath the placenta within 8 days of delivery in 47 patients with type I diabetes mellitus. A placental pathologist, without knowledge of either clinical outcome or Doppler information, classified the histological appearance of the decidual arteries as normal, type A (hyalinization, mural thickening), or type B (fibrinoid necrosis, atherosis, thrombosis). Patients were then grouped according to the histology of the decidual arteries. An analysis of variance (ANOVA) of the systolic/diastolic (S/D) ratios (log. S/D) showed significant variation (p < 0.025). A multiple range comparison test showed that patients with normal or only mildly abnormal (type A) vessels had similar values, whereas those with severe vasculopathy (type B) had significantly higher S/D ratios (p < 0.05). The study confirmed a relationship between arcuate artery Doppler indices and downstream decidual vascular pathology.
Incidence of congenital heart defects in fetuses of diabetic mothers: a retrospective study of 326 cases.; The aim of this study was to quantify the risk of congenital heart disease in diabetic mothers referred for fetal echocardiography. Of 326 diabetic pregnancies seen over a 5-year period, ten (3.1%) resulted in a fetus with congenital heart disease. Nine (90%) of the ten cardiac lesions were identified prenatally, but one fetus had a ventricular septal defect that was overlooked antenatally. Postnatal follow-up was obtained in 312 cases (95.7%). Prenatal echocardiographic examinations were performed at 18-38 weeks of gestation (median 25 weeks) and the median gestational age at diagnosis of congenital heart disease was 22 weeks (range 19-30 weeks). Following the detection of a severe cardiac anomaly, the pregnancy was terminated in three cases. Of the seven continuing pregnancies, two resulted in spontaneous intrauterine death and two babies died within the first 6 months of life. The three survivors are clinically well, but one has required postnatal catheter intervention. Our results confirm that diabetic women are at increased risk of having a baby with congenital heart disease and detailed fetal echocardiography should therefore be offered to all diabetic women during pregnancy.
Diabetes and pregnancy; During the past years perinatal mortality in diabetic pregnancy has been lowered significantly, in special collections with highly motivated diabetic women even below 2%. In case of optimal metabolic control and absence of diabetic angiopathy the perinatal survival rate is identical to that in normal pregnancy. But adequate metabolic control cannot be reached in all pregnant women during the whole period of gestation, and pre-existing diabetic angiopathy exists frequently; therefore diabetic pregnancy will be associated with elevated perinatal mortality and morbidity also in the future. In case of pre-existing diabetic nephropathy, especially when GFR is decreased before conception there is a high risk for both progression of nephropathy during pregnancy and increased incidence of gestosis and intrauterine growth retardation which lead to earlier delivery (before the 36th week of gestation) in most cases. Perinatal mortality of newborns of diabetic women with nephropathy has been decreased significantly during the past years, but perinatal morbidity in these newborns is still high. Pre-existing proliferative retinopathy can show progressive deterioration during pregnancy, but spontaneous regression post partum is usual. In rare cases progression of retinopathy also after delivery has been described even when laser coagulation was performed. Diabetic women with macroangiopathy, especially with coronary artery disease show a high risk for cardiovascular events during pregnancy. The occurrence of acute myocardial infarction in pregnant diabetic women is associated with elevated fetal and maternal mortality. Though there are case reports in the literature describing a successful fetal and maternal outcome after myocardial infarction during pregnancy.
Coronary artery disease in insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus of pregnancy (class H): A review of the literature; Coronary heart disease and myocardial infarction are uncommon complications during pregnancy. Women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) have a much greater risk of serious coronary heart disease, but few cases of myocardial infarctions occurring during pregnancy have been reported. Significant maternal morbidity has been reported in half of these cases. This is a case of a myocardial infarction occurring at 21 weeks of gestation in a patient with class R/F IDDM and the subsequent pregnancy management as well as a review of the literature concerning Class H IDDM in pregnancy.
Prenatal detection of fetal anomalies in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; OBJECTIVES: We evaluated the clinical utility of a comprehensive program of prenatal diagnostic testing for congenital anomalies in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. STUDY DESIGN: Data were retrospectively analyzed from 289 diabetic women and their newborns from August 1987 to July 1993. Our protocol included initial hemoglobin A1 and maternal serum α-fetoprotein determinations and comprehensive fetal ultrasonography inclusive of a standard four-chamber view of the heart and detailed multiimage fetal echocardiography. RESULTS: Anomalies were identified in 29 of 289 (10%) fetuses and neonates: 12 cardiac only, 14 noncardiac, and 3 combined. In 21 of the 29 (72%) neonates the anomalies were detected prenatally. Twelve of 15 (80%) cardiac and 10 of 17 (59%) noncardiac lesions were identified prenatally. Cardiac lesions, especially of the cardiac septum and great vessels, accounted for 50% of all fetal defects. Malformations of the neuroaxis, skeleton, and genitourinary system were also detected. There were six neonatal deaths and four therapeutic pregnancy terminations associated with congenital anomalies. Although the hemoglobin A1 level was statistically significantly increased in 22 mothers of anomalous fetuses (p = 0.017), the actual difference between affected and nonaffected pregnancies was not clinically meaningful and much overlap occurred. Although 96% of women with a normal hemoglobin A1 level were delivered of normal infants, only 14% of those with an elevated value had a malformed fetus. Similarly, although 89% of gravid women with a normal maternal serum α-fetoprotein level were delivered of nonaffected fetuses, only 7.3% of patients with an elevated value had a malformed fetus. For the detection of cardiac defects, the sensitivity of the four-chamber view compared with detailed multiimage fetal echocardiography was 33% and 92%, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates the utility of a comprehensive program to detect fetal anomalies in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus.
Abdominal fat and insulin resistance in normal and overweight women: Direct measurements reveal a strong relationship in subjects at both low and high risk of NIDDM; Insulin resistance appears to be central to obesity, NIDDM, hyperlipidemia, and cardiovascular disease. While obese women with abdominal (android) fat distribution are more insulin resistant than those with peripheral (gynecoid) obesity, in nonobese women, the relationship between abdominal fat and insulin resistance is unknown. By measuring regional adiposity with dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and insulin sensitivity by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp in 22 healthy women, with a mean ± SE body BMI of 26.7 ± 0.9 kg/m2 and differing risk factors for NIDDM, we found a strong negative relationship between central abdominal (intra-abdominal plus abdominal subcutaneous) fat and whole-body insulin sensitivity (r = -0.89, P < 0.0001) and nonoxidative glucose disposal (r = -0.77, P < 0.001), independent of total adiposity, family history of NIDDM, and past gestational diabetes. There was a large variation in insulin sensitivity, with a similar variation in central fat, even in those whose BMI was <25 kg/m2. Abdominal fat had a significantly stronger relationship with insulin sensitivity than peripheral nonabdominal fat (r2 = 0.79 vs. 0.44), and higher levels were associated with increased fasting nonesterified fatty acids, lipid oxidation, and hepatic glucose output. Because 79% of the variance in insulin sensitivity in this heterogeneous population was accounted for by central fat, abdominal adiposity appears to be a strong marker and may be a major determinant of insulin resistance in women.
Mitochondrial gene mutations in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus in Taiwan; We studied the prevalence of mitochondrial gene mutations in subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) in a Chinese population living in Taiwan. Eighty-four subjects with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and 105 unrelated normal controls were recruited in the present study. Both an A-to- G mutation at position 3243 and a mutation at position 8,344 of the mitochondrial DNA were screened by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism methods and confirmed by direct DNA sequence analysis. The insulin secretory response was assessed by the C-peptide response to glucagon administration. Among 84 IDDM patients, two (2.4%) subjects were found to carry the 3,243 nucleotide pair (np) mutation. There was no np 8,344 mutation in this series. Of the two subjects carrying a mitochondrial gene mutation, case 1 manifested initially as gestational diabetes mellitus. Manifestation of case 2 was consistent with MELAS, a syndrome of mitochondrial encephalomyopathy, lactic acidosis, and stroke- like episodes. The pancreatic β cell reserve was reduced, as the glucagon- stimulated C-peptide response was very low in these two cases. HLA genotyping studies revealed that case 2 carried DRB1*0301-DQA1*0501- DQB*0201/DRB1*0405-DQA1*0301-DQB1*0302, which was the most susceptible genotype to IDDM in our population. Anti-GAD65 antibody was also positive in this patient. In addition to the nuclear genes, a defective mitochondrial gene might contribute to some of the clinical cases with IDDM.
Prenatal study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and its association with insulin levels in fetuses of diabetic mothers; PURPOSE: To test the hypothesis that hypertrophic cardiomyopathy during prenatal life in diabetic pregnancies is related to fetal hyperinsulinism. METHODS: Thirty seven fetuses of diabetic mothers and 28 of non-diabetic mothers were studied by echocardiography and fetal insulin levels measured. RESULTS: Mean fetal insulin levels were 22.16 (+/- 44.25) microU/ml (3.20 to 240 microU/ml) in the group with diabetes and 6.50 (+/- 3.45) microU/ml (3.10 to 17.00 microU/ml) in the control group (p = 0.004). Ten out of 37 fetuses of the diabetic group were considered to have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (27.02%), while none of the fetuses of the control group showed increase in septal thickness (p = 0.001). A significant association between prenatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and fetal hyperinsulinism was demonstrated (p = 0.013). CONCLUSION: There is an association between hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and high levels of fetal insulin.
Nutrition measures for managed care report cards; Health plan 'report cards,' that is, published summaries of health plan performance, are a new way to help consumers select a health plan on the basis of cost and quality. The Health Plan Employer Data and Information Set (HEDIS) includes a set of health plan performance measures, standardized definitions, and methods for data collection. HEDIS is used as the basis for many report card initiatives and is the preferred tool of the managed care industry for measuring health plan performance. Nevertheless, the current list of HEDIS performance measures omits many health services, including medical nutrition therapy. Nutrition measures have the potential for wide appeal among health care stakeholders (ie, payers, consumers, and providers). Four measures related to medical nutrition therapy are proposed for managed care report cards: staffing for nutrition services and medical nutrition therapy for high cholesterol level, gestational diabetes, and cardiovascular disease. Barriers to adopting medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS include the need to address technical issues before considering new measures and competition from other potential measures. Steps to create support for medical nutrition therapy measures in HEDIS should focus on influencing representatives of health plans and employers to include these measures. The involvement of registered dietitians in the dynamic process of health plan evaluation is an important extension of ongoing efforts for strategic positioning in the managed care market.
Glucose monitoring and insulin therapy during pregnancy; Excellent blood glucose control is necessary to reduce the excess fetal morbidity and mortality associated with the diabetic pregnancy. This article outlines the roles of glucose monitoring and insulin therapy in intensive treatment regimens during gestation. The discussion includes recommended monitoring frequency, glycemic standards, types of insulin and mechanism of action, goals and timing of insulin therapy, as well as the complications of insulin therapy.
Management of diabetic pregnancy complicated by coronary artery disease and neuropathy; Various manifestations of diabetic neuropathy may complicate pregnancies of young diabetic patients. Of all forms of diabetic neuropathy, autonomic neuropathy, and, in particular, gastropathy, may cause the most devastating complications. Because neuropathy is a common abnormality in young asymptomatic diabetic women, screening for this disorder may be advisable and can be accomplished by relatively simple and noninvasive tests. Screening is best performed before conception or early in pregnancy, because pregnancy itself and its possible complications later modify the autonomic nervous function tests and make testing unreliable. Practitioners and obstetricians who provide care and counseling to young diabetic patients should be familiar with the risks and consequences to maternal and fetal health that may be imposed by the different forms of neuropathy. Moderate-to-severe autonomic dysfunction may be considered a relative contraindication to pregnancy, especially if gastropathy is part of the clinical presentation. The management dilemmas and high mortality and morbidity associated with symptomatic diabetic neuropathy may justify the addition of a new independent class, class N (neuropathy), to the current classification systems for diabetes in pregnancy.
Contraception guidance in women with pre-existing disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism.; OBJECTIVES: To review our studies on the clinical and metabolic impact of contraceptive methods in women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in order to provide suggestions for the contraceptive counselling of these women. METHODS: The clinical events following first insertions of copper IUDs were studied in 103 women with IDDM and in 119 non-diabetic women. Moreover we studied the effects on glycometabolic control and lipid metabolism in women with well-controlled IDDM using low-dose oral contraceptives (OCs) containing ethinylestradiol combined with norethisterone (n = 10), levonorgestrel (n = 9) or gestodene (n = 11). Hemostatic and endothelial function was also studied in the women using the gestodene-containing preparation. Finally, we studied the impact of oral contraceptives on the insulin sensitivity in women with previous GDM. RESULTS: The continuation rates and indications for medical removal of the IUDs were similar in the diabetic and the non-diabetic women. There was no increased pregnancy rate or increased frequency of pelvic inflammatory disease in the diabetic women. The glycemic control was not changed by the OCs and none of the treatment regimens were associated with changes in plasma lipids linked to increased risk of atherosclerosis. Indications of increased fibrin formation, which seemed to be compensated by increased fibrinolytic activity, were noted with the gestodene-containing preparation. None of the women developed microalbuminuria during the study. Compared to normal women, we found reduced insulin sensitivity in the women with previous GDM using the pill. CONCLUSION: Intrauterine devices and barrier methods can be used by diabetic women with the same reservations as in the general population. Low-dose OCs do not influence the glycemic control and have no adverse impact on plasma lipids. The balance between fibrin formation and resolution was maintained during intake of the gestodene-containing pill. Our findings suggest that combined oral contraceptives can be used in women with uncomplicated IDDM and in women with previous GDM if clinical and metabolic monitoring can be ensured.
Efficacy of fetal echocardiography and yield by risk category; Objective: To determine the efficacy and yield of tertiary center fetal echocardiography for different high-risk groups. Methods: Between January 1, 1982, and January 1, 1994, scans for anomalies were performed on 3246 women at increased risk for congenital heart disease in their offspring. Gestational age was 16-25 weeks in 83%. Maternal and gestational age as well as prenatal and postnatal diagnosis were recorded, and follow-up was sought for all pregnancies. By comparing prenatal and postnatal diagnoses, sensitivity, specificity, and predictive values were estimated. Multiple logistic regression was applied to establish the relative yield within the high-risk group. Results: Follow-up was available in 3223 cases (99%). In a separate validation study of 777 women for whom a second set of follow-up data was requested, no additional anomalies were revealed. In total, 20 of 47 cases of cardiac malformations were detected (sensitivity 43%). When taking into account cases that remained undetected because of unfavorable scanning conditions (ie, minute size of the anomaly, awkward fetal position, or severe maternal obesity), the sensitivity for congenital heart disease rose to 51%. Specificity and predictive values were high (above 95%). The relative yield across the high-risk group appeared to be high for parental congenital heart disease and maternal diabetes mellitus, whereas a previous infant or other relatives affected, maternal anti-epileptic drug use, maternal drug abuse, and other reasons for referral each had an estimated yield approximately equal to the prevalence of congenital heart disease in the general population (0.8%). Conclusion: Fetal echocardiography for known increased risk appears to be moderately effective. Clear differences in yield are present across currently accepted risk categories.
Diabetes mellitus complicating pregnancy; Of the total 25381 delivered in our Department, in the time from January 1987 to December 1993, 175 (0,69%) were from pregnancies with complicated by diabetes mellitus. 171 of that number ended with healthy babies (172), which is a relatively satisfactory outcome. Only 4 patients lost their babies. They were 3 patients admitted to our programme late in their pregnancy period. Already during their first medical examination the diagnosis was a) nonviable pregnancy in 1 case and b) multiple, congenital defects in the remaining 2 cases. 1 baby was died three days after delivery (congenital heart disease). All patients attended classes of special diabetes mellitus education in the Pathology Ward. Each patient underwent programmed control visits by obstetrician and diabetologist; metabolic therapy reached the level of near normoglycemia. In each case the time of delivery was selected individually. As result of such approach majority of patients gave natural birth. Only in 29 cases (16,6%) caesarean operation was performed. The reason for caesarean operation in 12 of the 29 cases was a previous operation of this kind. In the other 5 cases natural birth was impossible, because of the big foetus. Observation of the newborn babies during their first days of life showed that most of them suffered from the following complications: hypoglycaemia (39,8%), hyperbilirubinemia (25,1%), anaemia (12,9%) and hypocalcaemia (7%). All the babies being in generally good condition were discharged from the hospital on the 5th-10th day together with their mothers. It seems that such good results could obtained owing to special programme, which could by applied also in Regional Gynecological-Obstetrical Ward with help of a local diabetologist.
Contraception guidance in women with pre-existing disturbances in carbohydrate metabolism; Objectives: To review our studies on the clinical and metabolic impact of contraceptive methods in women with insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) and women with previous gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in order to provide suggestions for the contraceptive counselling of these women. Methods: The clinical events following first insertions of copper IUDs were studied in 103 women with IDDM and in 119 non-diabetic women. Moreover we studied the effects on glycometabolic control and lipid metabolism in women with well-controlled IDDM using low-dose oral contraceptives (OCs) containing ethinylestradiol combined with norethisterone (n = 10), levonorgestrel (n = 9) or gestodene (n = 11). Hemostatic and endothelial function was also studied in the women using the gestodene-containing preparation. Finally, we studied the impact of oral contraceptives on the insulin sensitivity in women with previous GDM. Results: The continuation rates and indications for medical removal of the IUDs were similar in the diabetic and the non-diabetic women. There was no increased pregnancy rate or increased frequency of pelvic inflammatory disease in the diabetic women. The glycemic control was not changed by the OCs and none of the treatment regimens were associated with changes in plasma lipids linked to increased risk of atherosclerosis. Indications of increased fibrin formation, which seemed to be compensated by increased fibrinolytic activity, were noted with the gestodene-containing preparation. None of the women developed microalbuminuria during the study. Compared to normal women, we found reduced insulin sensitivity in the women with previous GDM using the pill. Conclusion: Intrauterine devices and barrier methods can be used by diabetic women with the same reservations as in the general population. Low-dose OCs do not influence the glycemic control and have no adverse impact on plasma lipids. The balance between fibrin formation and resolution was maintained during intake of the gestodene-containing pill. Our findings suggest that combined oral contraceptives can be used in women with uncomplicated IDDM and in women with previous GDM if clinical and metabolic monitoring can be ensured.
Islet cell antibodies in diabetes mellitus associated with a mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)) gene mutation; An A3243C point mutation of the mitochondrial tRNA(Leu(UUR)), gene was detected in a Caucasian family with maternal diabetes mellitus and signs of mitochondrial dysfunction such as muscular hypotonia, encephalopathy, lactic acidosis, stroke-like episodes (MELAS), neurosensory hearing loss, cardial pre-excitation, and short stature. Low levels (10 JDF) of islet cell antibodies (ICA) in insulin-treated diabetes of the mother and impaired glucose tolerance with high levels of ICA (80 JDF) in her older son indicated that mitochondrial diabetes mellitus may involve beta cell damage. Furthermore, exocrine pancreas cell damage may also occur since the stroke-like episodes of this son were combined with pancreatitis. In all family members HLA types and plasma antioxidants were determined. Normal concentrations of hydro- and lipophilic antioxidants (including ubiquinol-10) were found.
Antepartum surveillance in diabetic pregnancies: Predictors of fetal distress in labor; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to evaluate an antepartum testing program based on twice-weekly nonstress testing and amniotic fluid evaluation in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus and to weight the test components in the prediction of fetal distress requiring cesarean delivery. STUDY DESIGN: During the 4-year period of 1987 through 1990, 2134 women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes underwent antepartum testing. Of these 1501 women (class A1, n = 505; A2-diet, n = 305; A2-insulin, n = 580; B, n = 71; C to D, n = 29; R to F, n = 11) were delivered within 4 days of their last test. Categoric analysis of data was performed according to diabetic class, fetal heart rate results, and the presence of decreased, normal, or increased amniotic fluid assessment. A univariate logistical regression was first conducted with cesarean delivery for fetal distress as outcome variable by use of the following variables: fetal weight and sex, diabetic class, gestational age at delivery, presence of additional indications for antepartum testing, largest vertical pocket, amniotic fluid index (summation of the four quadrants of the largest vertical pocket), nonstress test reactivity (two accelerations of ≥ 15 beats/min of 15 seconds' duration), presence of decelerations (≥ 15 beats/min for 15 seconds) during the nonstress test, and the interactions of the nonstress test with deceleration, largest vertical pocket, and amniotic fluid index. Multivariate analysis was then applied to predict the best model. RESULTS: No stillbirths occurred within 4 days of the last antepartum test. However, the corrected stillbirth rate of the entire tested population was 1.4 per 1000. Eighty-five women required cesarean delivery for fetal distress. The factors most predictive of cesarean delivery for fetal distress (p < 0.05, odds ratio and 95% confidence interval) were a deceleration (3.60, 2.14 to 6.06), nonreactive nonstress test (2.68, 1.60 to 4.49), and the interaction of both a nonreactive nonstress test and decelerations (5.63, 2.67 to 11.9). Amniotic fluid assessment by largest vertical pocket or amniotic fluid index were not statistically significant. The multivariate analysis selected the interaction of nonstress test and deceleration as the best significant predictor for cesarean delivery for fetal distress. CONCLUSION: An antepartum fetal surveillance program using twice-weekly nonstress test and fluid index assessment in pregnancies complicated by diabetes was successful in preventing stillbirth. The absence of fetal heart rate reactivity and the presence of decelerations were predictive of the diagnosis of fetal distress in labor requiring cesarean delivery. Ultrasonographic assessment of amniotic fluid volume was not a significant predictor of fetal distress in labor in the diabetic pregnancy.
Characteristics of hemodynamics in cardiomyopathies of newborn infants of diabetic mothers; The hemodynamics was studied in 42 newborns with diabetic fetal diseases. Clinical and instrumental examinations revealed cardiomyopathy in 28 of these. Hemodynamic disorders were characterized by a low stroke volume resultant from reduced diastolic volume of the left ventricle. The most grave hemodynamic disorders! were detected in patients with the obstructive cardiomyopathy when both diastolic and systolic volumes of the left ventricle were changed, myocardia contractility reduced, and diastolic function suppressed.
European Society of Contraception oral contraceptives survey update: birth control methods in "Europe of the 12".; The European Society of Contraception developed a survey to examine birth control methods in the 12 countries++ of the European Community. Responses to those questions relating to prescribing++ practices of oral contraceptives (OCs) are presented herein. The survey was sent to 400 physicians. One hundred two responded, most from France, Belgium, and the United Kingdom. The responses revealed that the most popular OCs are modern combined formulations containing low doses of ethinyl estradiol and progestogens such as norgestimate, desogestrel, gestodene, and levonorgestrel. More than half of physicians prescribe a particular formulation because of its tolerability and 20% because of its hormonal content. More than 90% prescribe OCs to healthy, nonsmoking women over 40. However, three fourths will not prescribe OCs to smokers over 35. Half of physicians recommend mammography for their older OC patients. Half also recommend cholesterol screening, but 8% only for women over 30. Most physicians are no longer reluctant to prescribe OCs to their diabetic patients: 61% prescribe OCs for women with non-insulin-dependent diabetes, 56% for those with insulin-dependent diabetes, and 85% for those with a history of gestational diabetes. Despite recent studies showing no relation between past OC use and cardiovascular disease, 42% of physicians said that their greatest OC-related health concern is cardiovascular disease. One third cited noncompliance as their greatest concern. These results reveal inhomogeneous prescribing practices for OCs among European physicians. ¿Over-screening¿--not prescribing the pill because of perceived (but not necessarily real) health risks--may be depriving many women of the contraceptive and noncontraceptive benefits of OCs. Complete and accurate information--as promoted by the European Society of Contraception--is one way to combat such overscreening.
Cardiac and venous blood flow in fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers: Evidence of abnormal hemodynamics in early gestation; OBJECTIVE: Our purpose was to determine whether in early gestation cardiac and venous blood flow patterns of fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers differ from those of normal fetuses. STUDY DESIGN: Serial recordings were obtained at 12, 16, and 20 weeks of gestation in 11 normal fetuses, 16 fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers with first-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin levels ≤8.5% (group 1), and 11 fetuses of insulin- dependent diabetic mothers with first-trimester glycosylated hemoglobin levels > 8.5% (group 2). Velocity waveforms at the level of atrioventricular valves, inferior vena cava, and umbilical vein were recorded by means of color and pulsed Doppler equipment by either transvaginal or transabdominal approaches. The following variables were measured: ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling at the level of atrioventricular valves, percent reverse flow during atrial contraction in inferior vena cava, and pulsations in umbilical vein. RESULTS: In all the fetuses the ratios between early and active ventricular filling increased linearly with advancing gestation, whereas the percent reverse flow in the inferior vena cava decreased linearly. However, fetuses of diabetic mothers showed significant differences in the slope of the functions describing the development with gestation of these index values, resulting in lower values of the ratios between early and active ventricular filling at the level of both ventricular valves and higher values of percent reverse flow in inferior vans cava. These differences were more evident in group 2 fetuses of diabetic mothers, and statistically significant differences were found in the slope values compared with group 1 fetuses. In normal fetuses umbilical vein pulsations were present only in two fetuses at 12 weeks of gestation (18.18%) and were never evidenced later in gestation. A significantly higher incidence of pulsations was found at 12 weeks in fetuses of diabetic mothers (group 1,56.25%; group 2, 81.81%) and pulsations were present until 16 weeks (group 1, 37.5%; group 2, 45.47%). CONCLUSIONS: An impaired development of cardiac and venous blood flow patterns occurs in fetuses of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers. These abnormalities are more evident in pregnancies with poorer glycemic control but still occur in the presence of stricter metabolic control.
Fetal breathing movements in late diabetic pregnancy: Relationship to fetal heart rate patterns and Braxton Hicks' contractions; In type-1 diabetic pregnancy, the occurrence of fetal breathing movements (FBM) was studied in relation to the fetal heart rate patterns (HRPs) A and B and to Braxton Hicks' contractions. Simultaneous 2-h recordings of fetal heart rate and body, eye and breathing movements were available for analysis (n = 44). These recordings were made in 20 fetuses of diabetic women at 32-38 weeks of gestation. Uterine activity was monitored at 36 and 38 weeks. For all recordings combined, the median incidences of FBM during HRPs A and B were 23% and 41%, respectively (NS). At low overall breathing activity (< 50% of total observation time), FBM were more numerous during HRP B than during HRP A in 83% of the recordings. However, if the overall breathing activity exceeded 50% of time FBM were preferentially made during HRP A in 93% of the recordings. This relationship was most pronounced at 38 weeks. These results corroborate our previous findings in the healthy near-term fetus. They show even more clearly that the state-dependent occurrence of FBM depends on the fetus' drive to breathe. During the recordings, breathing activity remained unchanged at all gestational ages studied, in contrast to the gradual decline in FBM seen in normal pregnancy. Braxton Hicks's contractions had no effect on FBM, which differs from the specific distribution of FBM during uterine contractions as previously found in uncomplicated pregnancies. We conclude that FBM in late diabetic pregnancy are not influenced by Braxton Hicks' contractions and that they do not show a clear-cut state-dependency. The (neural) mechanism underlying FBM differs from that in normal pregnancy.
NIDDM - The devastating disease; Of the various types of diabetes mellitus, non-insulin-dependent diabetes (NIDDM) is by far the most common and is increasing rapidly in many populations around the world. It is a heterogeneous disorder, characterized by a genetic predisposition and interaction between insulin resistance and decreased pancreatic β-cell function. There is a strong association between the presence of obesity and low levels of physical exercise and the development of NIDDM. However, NIDDM may also develop in lean individuals and the incidence increases significantly with increasing age. A diagnosis of impaired glucose tolerance or gestational diabetes is a strong predictor for future development of NIDDM and should signal appropriate interventions to prevent or delay the progression to NIDDM. NIDDM is frequently associated with other conditions such as hypertension, hypertriglyceridemia and decreased high-density lipoprotein which are additional risk factors for atherosclerosis and cardiovascular disease. The 'insulin resistance syndrome', which includes obesity, NIDDM, hypertension, hyperinsulinemia and dyslipidemia is a major and increasing cause of morbidity and mortality in many populations. In addition, people with NIDDM and poor glycemic control may develop severe microvascular complications of diabetes, including retinopathy, nephropathy and neuropathy. Appropriate diet, weight control and increased physical activity will increase insulin sensitivity in insulin resistant patients and are effective treatments for patients with NIDDM or may prevent the development of NIDDM in susceptible individuals. If these measures are unsuccessful, then oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin therapy may be required. Maintaining near normal blood glucose levels will decrease the development or progression of long-term complications of diabetes and should be a major goal of therapy, balancing intensive treatment with the increased risk of severe hypoglycemia. Because of the increasing prevalence of NIDDM in many populations, increased awareness of the disease, surveillance of high-risk populations and early diagnosis and treatment are all important in reducing the morbidity associated with this disease.
The value of urine screening for glucose at each prenatal visit; Objective: To determine whether chemical (dipstick) urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit predicts gestational outcomes such as gestational diabetes, abruptio placentae, preterm delivery, fetal heart rate abnormality, cesarean delivery for dystocia, fetal macrosomia, and shoulder dystocia. Methods: We retrospectively evaluated each of the 3217 women who were delivered at St. Joseph's Hospital between July 1, 1990, and September 1, 1993, and who had received all prenatal care at Marshfield Clinic. Study subjects had complete urinalyses at the first prenatal visit, blood glucose diabetes screening at 24-28 weeks, and dipstick urinalysis for glucose at each prenatal visit. Women were excluded because of preexisting diabetes, multiple gestation, glucosuria at the first prenatal visit, or failure to complete the recommended blood screening at 24-28 weeks. The remaining 2965 women were grouped according to whether their dipstick urine tests were positive for glucose. Then the two groups were compared with regard to relevant pregnancy outcomes. Results: Women with glucosuria in the first two trimesters had a significantly higher incidence of gestational diabetes (12.8 versus 2.9%, P = .003). For women without evidence of gestational diabetes, there were no clinically important differences in the measured pregnancy outcomes between the two groups. Conclusion: Routine dipstick urinalysis for glucose can identify gravidas at increased risk for gestational diabetes, possibly allowing certain women with gestational diabetes to be diagnosed earlier than 24-28 weeks. However, most glucosuria testing is performed after a patient has completed routine blood screening for gestational diabetes. This third-trimester testing is not predictive of any clinically important pregnancy outcome.
Susceptibility to development of central adiposity among populations.; There is good evidence that central (visceral) adiposity is important in the development of the insulin resistance or metabolic syndrome (obesity, hyperinsulinemia, dyslipidemia, glucose intolerance, hypertension, and coronary heart disease). It is proposed that some non-Caucasian populations are especially susceptible to development of this syndrome, and that lifestyle changes may play important etiologic roles. We postulate that this is due to the presence in these populations of a genetic predisposition to weight gain, perhaps related to a "thrifty" genotype, leading to the concentration of weight gain in visceral fat depots, when there is exposure to conditions associated with westernization.
Sports and diabetes; Diabetes and sports are not incompatible. Type-1 diabetic persons must learn how to adapt their insulin dosage and carbohydrate intake, in order to avoid hypoglycaemic attacks. In type-2 diabetic persons, an exercise program can contribute to decrease the cardiovascular risk and improve glycaemic control. A thorough check-up, oriented towards specific complications and exclusion of coronary heart disease, is imperative in any diabetic persons involved in an exercise program. Patient associations provide useful informations and offer programs where the patient can learn how to cope with his disease when exercising.
Microalbuminuria following gestational diabetes; Background. Microalbuminuria (MA) precedes clinical nephropathy in patients with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, and is associated with an increased mortality, mostly due to cardiovascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Microalbuminuria is rarely detected in patients with diabetes of less than five years' duration. Our study was designed to determine whether MA and its sequelae also appear 5-8 years after pregnancy complicated by gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM). Methods. We examined the presence of MA in 72 women who had not conceived since a previous GDM-pregnancy 5-8 years ago and compared them to a control group of 35 women who had no GDM history, and who were matched for age, parity and time since last pregnancy. Microalbuminuria was determined in all subjects using an overnight 8 hours urine collection. Mann-Whitney rank-sum test was used to compare data between the study and the control groups. Student's t test was used to compare data within the study group. Results. Median value of the urinary albumin excretion rate (AER) in the study group was significantly higher than median value of urinary AER of the control group (p<0.0001), but only 30.5% of the subjects of the study group were found to be microalbuminuria-positive, defined as urinary AER value of more than 21 mg/24 h. No correlation between MA and blood pressure, fasting blood glucose, serum creatinine, blood urea nitrogen and parity was found. Conclusions. MA was found to be more frequent after GDM and no predisposing factors for its appearance were elucidated. Hence, we suggest that it may well be a sign of early renal disease and that long-term follow-up of all GDM patients for MA and other markers of renal disease is strongly indicated.
Morphometric and hemodynamic entities of fetal heart in diabetic pregnancies and the role of the maternal metabolic state; Objective: Myocardial hypertrophy is a well-known complication in infants of diabetic mothers. The purpose of this study was to define whether it may be diagnosed in fetuses of diabetic mothers (FDM), whether there are related hemodynamic consequences and if maternal metabolic data may predict it. Methods: A total of 100 pregnant diabetics were prospectively studied every 4 to 6 weeks between 20 and 41 weeks of gestational age. Maternal metabolic data (White classification, insulin requirement/day, weight, fasting blood sugar, hemoglobin A1C, insulin antibodies) and gestational age were documented, and fetal echocardiography was performed with respect to enddiastolic ventricular dimensions, left ventricular shortening fraction (SF) and mean blood flow velocity, valvar area, heart rate, and cardiac output at the semilunar and atrioventricular valves. These cardiac data were compared with those of 200 normal fetuses. Results: Right, left, and interventricular wall thicknesses were increased, whereas ventricular diameters were significantly reduced. SF was significantly diminished, as were the valvar area and cardiac output measured at the aorta. Hemodynamic data assessed at the other valves did not differ from normal. There was no association between fetal and maternal data. Conclusions: Myocardial hypertrophy of all ventricular walls may be already present in FDM. It is not accompanied by severe hemodynamic alterations, but rather by a diminished size of ventricular diameters and the aortic valve together with a disturbed SF. This could represent a special entity in FDM but needs further investigation. The lack of maternal determinants may show that they are not sensitive enough to reflect relevant changes for FDM.
Renal cell carcinoma presenting as hemolytic anemia in pregnancy; A patient presented at 29 weeks' gestation with severe hemolytic anemia. She was subsequently diagnosed as having renal cell carcinoma and had a radical nephrectomy at 31 weeks' gestation, which demonstrated stage I disease. This was followed by a normal vaginal delivery of a healthy infant at term and complete resolution of her anemia. This unusual presentation of renal cell carcinoma in pregnancy is discussed.
Correlation between neonatal mortality and hyperinsulinema; The authors investigated the correlation among the severity of maternal diabetes, the tight control of the maternal blood glucose concentration and the neonatal morbidity. Umbilical cord insulin level were measured in 115 newborns, 40 of them have diabetic mother. There were significant different in the serum insulin level between the low and high morbidity group. The authors suggest the importance of the tight blood glucose control during pregnancy, the diagnostic value of cardiological ultrasound to decrease the neonatal morbidity.
The onset of maternal diabetes in swine induces alterations in the development of the fetal preadipocyte.; Diabetes induced during gestation has previously been demonstrated to increase adipose accretion in the fetal pig. The present experiment examined whether maternal diabetes alters the proliferation and differentiation of the fetal preadipocyte. Seven crossbred gilts were injected with alloxan (50 mg/kg) at d 75 of gestation to induce diabetes and seven additional gilts were injected with buffer (controls). All gilts underwent Caesarean section of d 105 of gestation. Cells obtained from adipose tissue of fetuses of diabetic swine (FDS) at d 105 of gestation demonstrated a greater (P < .05) proliferative response (57%) and higher (P < .05) rates of differentiation as determined by sn-glycerol-3-phosphate dehydrogenase (142% increase) and lipoprotein lipase (80% increase) activities than cells acquired from fetuses of control swine (FCS). Adipogenic activity of the sera from these two groups of fetuses did not differ when tested on adipose tissue from fetuses at 105 d of gestation. However, use of these sera on cells derived from normal fetuses at 75 d of gestation resulted in detection of an increase (P < .05) in adipogenic activity within the sera from FDS. This study suggests that maternal diabetes causes alterations in the preadipocyte fraction of cells within the developing adipose tissue that result in formation of more adipocytes and thus permits greater capacity for lipid accumulation in the growing fetus of the diabetic pig. These alterations in the preadipocyte result from the activity of factors that transitionally function during the latter half of gestation.
Mid-second trimester fetal echocardiographic examination for detecting cardiac malformations in pregnancies complicated by pregestational diabetes; Objective: To report our experience in ultrasound detection of congenital heart disease, using multiple cardiac views, among fetuses of diabetic mother. Methods: Two-hundred-fifty fetuses of pregestational diabetic women were studied by echocardiography between weeks 20-22 of gestation. The standard views for fetal echocardiography included the four-chamber view, the left ventricular long-axis view with visualization of the aortic outflow tract, the short-axis view with visualization of the pulmonary outflow tract and ductus arteriosus and longitudinal view of the aortic arch. Insertion of the vena cava was also evaluated. Results: Complexively 8 of the 250 (3.2%) examinated fetuses presented an isolated congenital cardiopathy. All cases were correctly diagnosed but two (one false positive and one false negative case). These results show a sensitivity and a specificity of fetal echocardiography of 85.7 and 99.5 respectively. Conclusion: The multiple heart view is an optimal methodology for high risk pregnancies scanning, in order to improve prenatal detection of congenital heart disease.
Reversal of fetal distress following intensive treatment of maternal diabetic ketoacidosis; Diabetic ketoacidosis during pregnancy is frequently associated with fetal distress that may result in fetal death in utero. A patient at 33 weeks of pregnancy with diabetic ketoacidosis and evidence of fetal distress is presented. Following intensive medical treatment, maternal metabolic state improved along with improvement of fetal heart rate tracing. A healthy infant was delivered by cesarean section at 36 weeks of gestation.
Acute volume expansion in diabetic pregnancy: Effects on atrial natriuretic peptide, cyclic GMP, and feto-maternal circulation; Objective: The aim of this study was to compare insulin-treated, pregnant, diabetic patients with healthy pregnant women with respect to the effects of acute volume expansion on feto-maternal circulation, atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), and its secondary messenger cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP). Methods: Maternal venous blood was sampled and echocardiographic and Doppler investigations were performed before and after a 30-min infusion of a crystalloid solution (15 ml/kg). Results: Basal concentrations of ANP and cGMP were significantly higher in the patients than the controls (P < 0.01). In response to volume load, the ANP concentration, cardiac output, stroke volume, and systemic vascular resistance remained unaffected in the patient group in contrast to the healthy controls. The increase in cGMP was similar and the pulsatility index (PI) of the uterine and umbilical arteries remained unaffected in both groups. Conclusion: ANP and central circulatory responses were blunted during volume expansion in diabetic compared with normal pregnancy. However, the PI of the uterine and umbilical arteries was unchanged in both groups, indicating satisfactory blood flow regulation of these vascular beds during volume load.
Amniotic fluid index as an admission test may increase the incidence of cesarean section in a community hospital; Objective: The purpose of this concurrent cohort study was to compare the intrapartum outcome between patients who underwent measurement of amniotic fluid volume as a fetal admission test, and those on whom this test was not performed. Methods: Prospectively, among 341 laboring parturients at 37 weeks or more, amniotic fluid index was performed on admission for delivery as a measure of fetal well-being. The control group (n = 376) received no determination of amniotic fluid volume during the intrapartum period. All of the patients were delivered in a single community hospital. Results: There was no significant difference between the groups with respect to maternal age, gravidity, parity, incidence of pregnancy-induced hypertension, postdate pregnancy, ruptured or intact membranes at the time of admission, meconium, macrosomia, intrauterine growth retardation, and the mean birth weight. Both groups had similar incidences of Apgar scores <7 at 1 and 5 min, transfer to a neonatal intensive care unit, and infant seizure or death. The use of pitocin during labor and the incidence of cesarean section was significantly higher in the study group. Exclusion of all patients who required pitocin did not change this result. Conclusion: Measurement of amniotic fluid volume as a fetal admission test increases the likelihood of cesarean delivery without improving neonatal outcome.
Ethnic differences in lipid and lipoprotein metabolism in pregnant women of African and Caucasian origin; Aims - To investigate differences in serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations m pregnant women of different ethnic origin. Methods - Serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations were measured in 232 women (114 Caucasians, 118 Africans/Afro-Caribbeans), who presented consecutively for screening for gestational diabetes in the third trimester of pregnancy. Results - Afirican/Afro-Caribbean pregnant women had lower serum concentrations of total cholesterol, low density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B and higher high density lipoprotein cholesterol and Lp(a) lipoprotein concentrations compared with Caucasian women. Apolipoprotein A1 concentrations were similar in the two groups. The differences were not attributable to differences in weight, age, parity, or postload plasma glucose levels. Conclusion - Ethnic origin is an important determinant of serum lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein concentrations during pregnancy.
Assessment and management of pregnancies complicated by pregestational and gestational diabetes mellitus.; Diabetes mellitus is a commonly encountered medical complication of pregnancy that affects more than 100,000 pregnancies annually. The discovery of insulin and numerous scientific advances, including both fetal heart rate and glucose monitoring, dramatically improved the outlook for women with diabetes and their offspring. However, despite these recent advances, women with diabetes and their infants still remain at higher risk for a number of complications. Pregnancy has frequently been characterized as having a diabetogenic effect on normal carbohydrate metabolism, as evidenced by hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia in response to feeding. This leads to gestational diabetes in 2% to 3% of women and a worsened metabolic state in women with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Since the availability of nutrients for the fetus is primarily dependent on the maternal metabolic state, these aberrations in fuel metabolism are believed to result in a host of perinatal complications, including diabetic embryopathy. In fact, the frequency of congenital anomalies is increased among infants of women with diabetes; they are responsible for approximately 40% of all perinatal deaths. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels coupled with contemporary management strategies can reduce the frequency of congenital anomalies as well as improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. However, to impact on the congenital anomalies, euglycemia must begin in the preconceptual period and continue throughout organogenesis. Preconception counseling and intensive therapy regimens remain the focus of management programs targeted at women with diabetes.
Diabetes mellitus - A priority health care issue for women; Diabetes occurs in more than 13 million persons in the United States, and approximately 60% of the new cases are diagnosed in women. This review examines health issues related to women with diabetes mellitus. The following issues are discussed in the review. The prevalence of diabetes is higher in Native-American, black, and Hispanic women than in white women. Women with upper-body obesity are at risk for developing non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) and women with diabetes are at risk for developing heart disease. Diabetes, obesity, and heart disease are all modifiable by nutrition. White women with diabetes derive approximately 40% of energy from fat, which is 10% greater than the national goal. Women with a history of gestational diabetes are at risk for developing NIDDM. Women with insulin- dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) are at high risk of developing complications in pregnancy, and pregnancy outcomes improve with preconceptual counseling. Women with IDDM are at risk for developing cating disorders, although not to a greater extent than the nondiabetic population. Women with diabetes are at risk for developing endometrial cancer. Both IDDM and NIDDM prevention clinical trials are in progress, although none target women specifically. Dietetics practitioners are encouraged to use local and national diabetes resources.
Fetal biophysical activities in third-trimester pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; Objective: Our purpose was to compare third-trimester fetal biophysical activities in normal and well-controlled insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies. Study design: We performed serial bimonthly fetal biophysical studies from 30 to 38 weeks in 18 normal and 18 well-controlled insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies (white classes B through D). Each study contained 60 minutes of simultaneous ultrasonographic recordings of fetal breathing movements and rates, baseline heart rate, and body movements. Mean daily blood glucose levels of diabetic patients were determined from home monitors; HbA(1c) was determined every 6 weeks and ultrasonographic fetal growth rates every 3 weeks. Data were compared with t tests, analysis of variance with repeated measures, and χ2 tests. Results: Women in the diabetic group maintained good glycemic control and were delivered of normal infants of weights similar to those of nondiabetic gravidas. Their fetuses had higher mean incidences of fetal breathing movement, fetal heart rates, and fetal breathing rates but lower fetal movements and fetal heart rate acceleration counts than did controls throughout the study. Neither short- nor long-term maternal glycemic levels correlated well with fetal biophysical performance. Conclusions: In spite of good maternal glycemic control fetuses of diabetic women behaved differently from those of nondiabetic women. Modulation of their biophysical activities may be affected by maternal glycemic status before the last trimester. Different standards might need to be applied to interpret their tests.
Fibronectin levels in Indian neonates in health and disease; Cord blood samples were estimated for serum fibronectin (Fn) by immunoelectrophoresis (IE) and enzyme linked immuno sorbent assay (ELISA) in 250 newborn healthy and sick infants classified into 6 categories: i.e., term appropriate for date (TAFD), preterm appropriate for date (PTAFD), term small for date (TSFD), preterm small for date (PTSFD), birth asphyxia (BA) and septicemia (SEP). TAFD infants were assayed for plasma Fn in addition. Comparison of Fn levels in the different groups by the Wilcoxan rank sum test indicated no significant difference between term and preterm infants, between PTAFD and PTSFD, TAFD and TSFD and in infants with and without birth asphyxia. Babies with septicemia had a significantly (P < 0.01) lower Fn level (29.97 ± 29.03 mg/l) than those with no septicemia (42.77 ± 30.20 mg/l). TAFD infants had Fn levels (serum 41.44 ± 31.08 mg/l, plasma 85.20 ± 33.38 mg/l) that are less than half the levels reported in the Western literature for newborn term infants. A possible cause could be the associated medical problems in mothers as 41 per cent of mothers of TAFD infants had conditions such as pregnancy induced hypertension, gestational diabetes, rheumatic heart disease, infection etc.
Doppler flow velocimetry of the uterine and uteroplacental circulation in pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus; In forty-three pregnancies complicated by insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, 16 classified White B, 11 White C, 8 White D and 8 White R or F, the resistance-index (PR index) in the main part of the uterine artery and arcuate uterine arteries was measured by duplex-pulsed wave Doppler ultrasound. Recordings of 24 hours' blood glucose profile and glycosylated hemoglobin were parameters of glycemic control. Vascular resistance in the main uterine artery decreased with proceeding gestation as a non-diabetic pregnancy. The uterine artery supplying the placental had lower resistance than the opposite side, with a mean PR index of 0.559 (SD 0.117) and 0.622 (SD 0.133), respectively. The mean difference between both sides was 0.062 (SD 0.102) (p < 0.001). The uterine artery PR index was slightly higher in the presence of evident morphological vasculopathy, with a mean PR index of 0.591 (SD 0.104) in White D(*)/R/F diabetics and 0.545 (SD 0.063) in White B/C/D, respectively (p = 0.148). Additionally, more than half of the diabetics without manifest complications (B/C/D) showed a persistent notch. Long- and short-term glycemic control was unrelated to vascular resistance in the uterine artery with correlation coefficients of 0.027 (p = 0.746) and 0.051 (p = 0.537) for glucose and HbAlC respectively. Doppler velocimetry could not predict diabetic specific fetal morbidity. Vascular resistance in the uterine arcuate arteries was significantly lower in the subplacental region with a mean PR index of 0.367 (SD 0.056) compared to 0.427 (SD 0.064) in areas distant to the placenta (p < 0.0005). It was not related to vasculopathy elsewhere. In conclusion: in patients with diabetic vasculopathy the uterine artery is also affected but there is no relationship with long- or short-term parameters of glycemic control. Doppler flow velocimetry of the uterine artery is a poor predictor of diabetes-specific fetal morbidity if normal ranges of non-diabetic pregnancies are used for reference. Because of significantly different vascular resistance in the two main uterine arteries mean values of both-side measurements should be used for analysis whenever possible.
Analysis of factors influencing ventricular filling patterns in fetuses of type I diabetic mothers; In an effort to determine the factors influencing the ab normal ventricular filling patterns of fetuses of type I diabetic mothers, Doppler flow velocity waveforms were recorded from fetal atrioventricular valves in 37 pregnancies complicated by type I diabetes immediately before an elective cesarean section. The ratio between the peak velocities during early passive ventricular filling and active atrial filling was calculated at the level of both atrioventricular valves and related to different factors including ventricular chamber wall thickness, heart rate, umbilical vein hematocrit and time to peak velocities values obtained at the outflow tract. Multiple stepwise regression demonstrated that the interventricular wall thickness, heart rate and hematocrit values significantly and independently affected the ratios between early and active ventricular filling from mitral and tricuspid valves. As a consequence all these factors should be taken into account in the interpretation of atrioventricular Doppler indices.
Sequential longitudinal evaluation of cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling in fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and abnormal ventricular diastolic filling in the infant of the diabetic mother is related to poor maternal glycemic control. Evaluation of fetuses of well controlled diabetic mothers has not been examined. Eleven fetuses of nondiabetic mothers (normals) and 9 fetuses of well controlled insulin-dependent diabetic mothers (FODMs) underwent serial evaluation of cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling using M-mode and Doppler echocardiography at 20-26 weeks' (period 1), 27-33 weeks' (period 2), 34-40 weeks' (period 3), and 48-72 hours after birth (period 4). Indices of right and left ventricular diastolic filling included time velocity integral ratios (E/A and %E/E + A). Cardiac growth and birth weight in the two groups were similar consistent with 'good' glycemic control. This conclusion was supported by similar maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (%A1C) prenatally and newborn %A1C and C-peptide values postnatally. Heart rate before and after birth and placental resistance prenatally were similar. Both normals and FODMs demonstrated an increase in left ventricular E/A and %E/E + A ratios from period 1 to 4 (p < 0.0001). This shift occurred earlier (by period 2) in normals (p < 0.01). Right ventricular filling ratios increased by period 4 in normals only (p < 0.01). No differences were noted between the groups during any period. Good glycemic control in FODMs results in normal cardiac growth and ventricular diastolic filling. Progression of diastolic filling is abnormally delayed, however, and is presumably more exaggerated in poorly controlled diabetics.
Hormonal, metabolic, and circulatory responses to insulin-induced hypoglycemia in pregnant and nonpregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes; Strict blood glucose control of pregnant women with insulin-dependent diabetes is associated with increased risk of hypoglycemia. The hormonal and circulatory responses to an acute episode of insulin-induced hypoglycemia were studied in eight pregestational and one gestational diabetic women during the last trimester of pregnancy and 8 to 12 weeks postpartum. Following an overnight fast, insulin was injected intravenously (0.1 to 0.2 IU insulin/kg). Blood samples were taken at -15, 0, 15, 30, 40, 60, 90, and 120 minutes for analyses of metabolites (glucose, nonesterified fatty acid (NEFA), glycerol, 3-hydroxybutyrate) and counterregulatory hormones (epinephrine, norepinephrine, glucagon, and cortisol). Placental scintigraphy (indium-113m) was performed in five pregnant patients before and during hypoglycemia. Both during pregnancy and postpartum, blood glucose decreased to the same low level (3.2 mmol/L) concomitantly with significant decreases in NEFA, glycerol, and 3-hydroxybutyrate. Epinephrine and norepinephrine showed significant and similar increases on both occasions in relation to hypoglycemia, although there was no response in glucagon and cortisol concentrations. Maternal heart rate was significantly higher in the pregnant compared with the nonpregnant state and increased significantly in both groups in response to hypoglycemia. Placental blood flow showed no consistent changes and was unrelated to the glucose and catecholamine responses. Fetal heart rate remained unchanged. Thus, it seems as if hormonal and circulatory responses to acute hypoglycemia are not altered in diabetic women during pregnancy.
Does gestational diabetes represent an obstetrical risk factor?; In order to assess the clinical consequences of gestational diabetes in the index pregnancy, a group of patients with positive oral glucose challenge test and their matched controls have been closely followed up. No differences in perinatal outcome have been pointed out, except for the higher rate (p < 0.01) among diabetic patients of preterm delivery and pregnancy-induced hypertension. The prevalence of the latter has shown no relationship to maternal obesity. In view of these data, the future risk of cardiovascular disease of this cohort of patients needs to be assessed with a follow-up study.
Benefits and risks of modifying maternal fat intake in pregnancy and lactation; The National Cholesterol Education Program recommends that healthy Americans aged >2 y reduce energy intake to maintain ideal body weight, saturated fat to 10% of energy, fat intake to 30% of energy, and cholesterol consumption to < 300 mg/d. Although these guidelines exclude pregnant or lactating women, nursing infants, and very young children, women with gestational diabetes, preeclampsia, and familial hyperlipidemias may benefit from them. In a normal pregnancy, serum cholesterol and triglycerides rise 25-40% and 200-400%, respectively. Multiparous middle-aged women may have an increased incidence of angina and cholesterol gallstones from the hypercholesterolemia of pregnancy. Few studies support the safety of maternal low-fat diets for the developing fetus or demonstrate benefits to the mother. Polyunsaturated fatty acids lower serum lipids, and n-3 fatty acids may improve some obstetric complications. Arachidonic acid (20:4) and docosahexaenoic acid (22:6) may benefit the psychomotor and visual development of children.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy and the assessment of umbilical artery waveforms using pulsed Doppler ultrasonography; The utility of Doppler ultrasonography as a means of assessing potential alterations of vascular resistance prior to fetal or maternal compromise is very attractive. We investigated this relationship by prospectively performing Doppler studies of the fetal umbilical artery in 56 diabetic patients, 14 of whom had varying degrees of vascular complications. When regression curves were established for the S/D ratio, the Pourcelot index, and the resistance index of the fetal umbilical artery, the mean Doppler values were higher in diabetic patients with vasculopathy than in nondiabetic control patients or in diabetic patients without vasculopathy. The third trimester S/D ratio was greater than 3.0 in almost 50% of patients with vasculopathy. A tendency toward adverse outcomes was observed at S/D ratios approaching 4.0. Statistically significant correlations were found between elevated Doppler indices and maternal vasculopathy associated with hypertension and worsening renal insufficiency. Intrauterine growth retardation and neonatal metabolic complications were also significantly correlated with elevated Doppler indices. There was, however, no correlation between Doppler indices and glucose values, although most were within a euglycemic range. The aforementioned data indicate an increased resistance circuit among diabetics with vasculopathy, which may reflect a relative reduction in basal uteroplacental blood flow and the need for cautious interpretation of Doppler indices in these patients.
The effect of exercise on reproductive function and pregnancy; Proposals for exercise-induced menstrual irregularities, including caloric inbalance, hypothyroidism, and increased opioidergic tone are discussed, as well as the potential effects of moderate exercise on high-risk pregnancies.
DIABCARE data set collection: Benefits and warnings; The aim of this study was to assess the benefits and warnings of DIABCARE Data Set (DDS) collection using the DIABCARE program adapted to a net environment in a hospital based outpatient consultation. Experience with 293 patients is reported with 84.6% of the records completed. The first benefit is DDS exploitation as a registry. This showed that 4.4% of the patients skipped the visit. Diabetes-type characterisation was: 43% IDDM, 28.9% NIDDM (other types 27.6%). Up to 77.1% of IDDM patients received treatment with multiple injection therapy (≥3 injections/day), and 88.8% NIDDM received oral agents and/or insulin. The blood glucose self monitoring status was 98% in IDDM and 80.5% in NIDDM. Status of St. Vincent Declaration targets showed blindness 2.1%/7.9%, end-stage renal failure 2%/1.5%, amputation 0%/0%, myocardial infarction 1%/15.2%, stroke 0%/7.6% in IDDM and NIDDM patients, respectively, and outcome for pregnancies ending in the last year: normal in women with IDDM and 6.7% abortion rate in women with gestational diabetes mellitus. The warnings from the analysis of IDDM and NIDDM patients derive from incomplete files for some risk factors or process indicators: i.e. registry of cigarette smoking status was lacking in 19.4% of patients, proteinuria/albuminuria in 17.1%, fundoscopy in 13.8%. This analysis allowed quantification of risk groups: i.e. active smokers 39.8%; previous hypoglycaemic emergency 8.4%; patients with feet at risk 31.5% (either abnormal sensitivity, absent foot pulses or acute/healed ulcers); risk of blindness 12.6% (maculopathy, preproliferative retinopathy, proliferative retinopathy or advanced eye disease). On the basis of this information, intervention and initiation of quality assurance circles can be programmed.
Fetal cardiac size in normal intrauterine growth retarded, and diabetic pregnancies; A total of 177 M-mode echocardiography studies were done on three groups of fetuses at different gestational ages: group I, normally grown fetuses; group II, intrauterine growth-retarded fetuses (IUGR); and group III, fetuses of diabetic mothers. Adjusted for gestational age and for fetal weight, the hearts of fetuses with IUGR were found to have an increased minor axis dimension due to free wall hypertrophy. No ventricular dilation was found in this group. Furthermore, IUGR fetuses have a larger heart proportionally to their body weight, raising the possibility of a 'sparing effect' in this particular group. The hearts of fetuses of diabetic mothers were also found to have a significantly larger cardiac size than that of a group of normally grown fetuses. The increase was secondary to free wall hypertrophy, interventricular septal hypertrophy, and right ventricular dilation. This study confirms previous reports about fetal diabetic cardiomegaly and documents the contribution of the different cardiac components to this increase in size. The free wall hypertrophy found in these two groups may occur by different processes, which needs to be further investigated.
Diabetes in women older than 40 years of age: Social and medical aspects; Prevention of Congenital Anomalies. Because the first few weeks after conception are a critical time in terms of embryopathy, good glycemic control should be established before conception in the pregestational diabetic and stringently maintained throughout the first trimester. Encouraging the diabetic woman to achieve stringent glycemic control before conception would virtually eliminate the excess risk of spontaneous abortion and anomalies. Prenatal Diagnosis. For all mature gravidas with diabetes, early prenatal diagnosis of chromosome abnormalities (mainly trisomies) and congenital anomalies should be determined through detailed ultrasound examination, fetal echocardiography, and alpha-fetoprotein determinations. Glycemic Control. Stringent metabolic control is mandatory throughout pregnancy to prevent the risk for macrosomia and maternal-accompanied medical complications, such as preeclampsia. Fetal Surveillance. Structured fetal surveillance evaluating fetal growth and well-being must be pursued throughout pregnancy.
Diabetes-related complications of pregnancy.; Diabetes mellitus is a major medical complication of pregnancy and is associated with an increased risk of maternal and perinatal morbidity and mortality. Although recent advances have improved outcomes dramatically, the increased incidence of congenital malformations remains a significant problem. In the past, it was believed that pregnancy worsened microvascular complications, and women with vasculopathy were counseled to avoid or terminate pregnancies. Recent evidence suggests that normalization of blood glucose levels and current management strategies can lead to improved outcomes even in women with vasculopathy. Today, with the exception of coronary artery disease, women with diabetes may be counseled toward a more favorable outcome. This article discusses preconception planning and contemporary treatment methods.
The prognostic value of hemoglobin A1c in predicting fetal heart disease in diabetic pregnancies; Objective: To evaluate detailed fetal echocardiography for predicting congenital heart disease in overt diabetic pregnancies. Methods: Overt diabetic gravidas with initial hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) at or above 8.5%, a family history of congenital heart disease, or fetal cardiac anomaly suspected on screening sonography were referred to a pediatric cardiologist for detailed fetal echocardiography. After 7 years, the results of the protocol were reviewed retrospectively. The sensitivity and specificity of the initial HbA1c in predicting congenital heart disease were assessed. Results: During the study period, 193 patients received care in the diabetes and pregnancy service. Sixty-four received fetal echocardiography, 47 because of initial HbA1c levels at or above 8.5% and 17 for other indications. Twenty fetuses had major anomalies, eight of which were cardiac (40%). Six of the cardiac anomalies had been studied by fetal echocardiography, and four were diagnosed correctly. The initial HbA1c was not different among pregnancies with major anomalies, cardiac anomalies, or no anomalies. No malformations were noted in patients with normal initial HbA1c values. The overall sensitivity of the protocol for identifying congenital heart disease was 50% (four of eight) and specificity was 54% (90 of 167). Detailed fetal echocardiography had a sensitivity of 66% (four of six) and a specificity of 100% (58 of 58) for correctly identifying fetal congenital heart disease. Conclusions: No cases of congenital heart disease were observed in patients with a normal initial HbA1c value. Among patients with abnormal HbA1c values, no critical level of glycohemoglobin was identified that provided optimal predictive power for congenital heart disease screening. We recommend detailed fetal echocardiographic imaging in all patients with initial HbA1c levels above the upper limit of normal of 6.1%.
Therapeutic exercise for insulin-requiring gestational diabetics: Effects on the fetus - Results of a randomized prospective longitudinal study; Regular physical activity is an established therapeutic adjunct in diabetes, but has not been offered to pregnant diabetics in the past; for sports might induce significant cardiovascular and hormonal changes that are able to reduce blood flow to the uterus and thus limit oxygen transfer to the fetus. Studying the impact of a medically supervised exercise program on gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) in a randomised prospective longitudinal study, this paper aims to assess the effects of maternal moderate and strenuous exercise on the fetus. By evaluating short-term fetal responses as reflected in heart rate patterns (FHR) and longterm-pregnancy complications and neonatal outcome, our results suggest that - in absence of ominous FHR changes or significant changes in uterine activity following the exercise sessions or increased diabetes-related peri- and neonatal morbidity - regular physical activity seems to be a safe therapeutic option for the fetus of GDM mothers.
'Healthy living' and sulphonylurea therapy have different effects on glucose tolerance and risk factors for vascular disease in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance; This study was undertaken to determine whether impaired glucose tolerance and associated risk factors for cardiovascular disease can be improved with 'healthy living' by diet and exercise or with sulphonylurea therapy. Patients were recruited by screening subjects with either a family history of type II diabetes, previous gestational diabetes, or a previously raised plasma glucose (5.6-6.6 mmol/l). Impaired glucose tolerance was defined as hyperglycaemia on two separate tests, an achieved glucose level after a glucose infusion test above the 90th percentile of an age-matched normal population (> 9.3 mmol/l) or a fasting plasma glucose above the 95th percentile (> 5.6 mmol/l). Thirty-seven subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were entered into a randomized, prospective study for 6 months with allocations to healthy living or double blind to sulphonylurea (gliclazide 40 mg twice daily) or placebo tablets. The study took place in an outpatient setting, with three times weekly exercise sessions at a Sports Centre. After 6 months the placebo group showed no change in plasma glucose, cholesterol and blood pressure. The subjects receiving gliclazide showed improved glucose levels (mean fasting plasma glucose levels fell from 5.8 to 5.1 mmol/l, p < 0.05) but no significant change in plasma cholesterol or blood pressure. The healthy living group, after exclusion of four non-compliant subjects, showed no change in glucose levels, but a decreased systolic blood pressure (fall in mean from 124 to 116 mmHg, p < 0.05) and plasma cholesterol levels (fall in mean from 5.2 to 4.5 mmol/l, p < 0.01) with an increase in HDL:LDL ratio (rise in mean from 0.39 to 0.46, p < 0.05). Subjects with impaired glucose tolerance may benefit in different ways from gliclazide and healthy living. The metabolic responses to each therapy may help to decrease the risk of developing diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Prediction of fetal acidaemia in pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus by biophysical profile scoring and fetal heart rate monitoring; Objective: To determine whether computer assisted fetal heart rate analysis or the biophysical profile score can provide noninvasive prediction of fetal acidaemia. Design: Cross sectional study. Setting: Harris Birthright Research Centre for Fetal Medicine, King's College Hospital School of Medicine, London. Subjects: Forty-one women with pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus. Interventions: Fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring with computer assisted analysis, biophysical profile score (BPS) and cordocentesis for measurement of umbilical venous blood glucose concentration and blood gases, up to 24 h betore delivery at 27 to 39 weeks gestation. Results: The mean umbilical venous blood pH was significantly lower than the normal mean for gestation, and was below the 5th centile in 18 pregnancies, including all six cases where the mother had nephropathy and hypertension. The mean pO2 was not significantly different trom the normal mean for gestation. There were significant associations between fetal acidaemia and both the BPS (r = 0.46, P<0.01) and FHR variation (r = 0.42, P<0.01). However, of the 12 acidaemic fetuses of non-nephropathic mothers, nine had normal BPS and six had normal FHR variation. Conclusions: In pregnancies complicated by maternal diabetes mellitus, BPS and FHR variation are of limited value in the prediction of fetal blood pH.
A cost analysis of ambulatory antenatal testing in a tertiary care center; The purpose of this reprospective study was to determine the cost of antenatal testing in an ambulatory setting for the most common indications for testing. A cost analysis based on abnormal test results leading to intervention to deliver was done for the various high risk indications. The population consisted of 467 high risk patients who were divided into five categories based on the indications for testing: Postdate pregnancy, risk for Uteroplacental Insufficiency, Diabetes, Twins, and Other. The cost to detect one patient with an abnormal test for a marker utilizing fetal heart rate, breathing movement, body movement, and tone was $13,536. For the marker oligohydramnios, the cost was $2,707. Significant differences in cost were noted among each of the five groups within the study population. Future studies of antenatal fetal surveillance should consider the cost of testing and attempt to direct a specific patient to the most appropriate test to enhance utilization of resources.
Can the birth of a large infant predict risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in the mother?; We have previously demonstrated that women who had given birth to large infants had a six-fold increased risk of developing Type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes mellitus compared with a control group matched for age and parity. However, the patients were extremely obese which explained, in part, the increased risk. In the present investigation we studied whether the delivery of large infants correlated with risk factors for atherosclerotic vascular disease other than obesity and diabetes, and therefore could serve as early markers for syndrome X. The study consisted of 73 women who 20-27 years earlier had given birth to large infants weighing 4,500 g or more. Another group of 73 women matched for age, parity and BMI who had delivered infants weighing less than 4,500 g within a 3-month period served as a control group. Of these 73 patient/control pairs, 48 (66%) were able to participate in the investigation. Mean age was 52.2 years (range 40-66 years). No differences were noted for family history of diabetes and medication prescribed for vascular disease between the groups. An oral glucose tolerance test was performed and glucose, insulin and C-peptide at 0 and 2 h were estimated. Triglycerides, cholesterol, LDL and HDL cholesterol were analysed at baseline. We found no tendency towards hyperinsulinaemia and hyperglyecemia in the patients and both groups had the same relative increase in levels of insulin and C-peptide. No difference between the groups regarding manifest symptoms of vascular disease, either in blood pressure or in proteinuria were observed. The only risk factor for atherosclerotic vascular disease identified was a significantly lower concentration of HDL in the patient group.
The diagnostic value of continuous wave Doppler velocimetry in pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus; Doppler studies of umbilical, uterine and arcuate artery velocity wave forms were performed in 40 insulin-dependent diabetic women in the first and second half of pregnancy. Using a continuous-wave Doppler device, the resistance index (RI) was calculated to determine the degree of vascular resistance in utero-placental and foeto-placental compartment. The 90th percentile was used to classify flow velocity profiles. In addition, diastolic notching and incomplete registration of uterine and arcuate arteries were considered as an abnormal result in utero-placental perfusion. The prevalence of abnormal velocity wave forms in this risk group was higher than in a non-diabetic population. No significant correlation was found between abnormal Doppler studies and White's classification. Patients with vasculopathy represent a high-risk group for foetal growth retardation, which may be detected early by umbilical and especially uterine artery Doppler studies. Abnormal uterine and arcuate artery wave forms allowed identification of patients who developed pregnancy-induced hypertension/preeclampsia.
Anesthetic considerations of an infant with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome; The case of a 3-day-old infant with Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome who required anesthetic care during closure of an, abdominal wall defect is presented. Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome comprises a constellation of clinical features, including macroglossia, macrosomia, omphalocele, visceromegaly, mild microcephaly, facial nevus flammeus, horizontal earlobe creases, and renal medullary dysplasia. Due to the high rate of omphalocele in this syndrome, anesthetic care is frequently required during the neonatal period. Early of these infants (greater than 50% are born prematurely. Therefore, their anesthetic care may be further complicated by associated diseases of prematurity, such as hyaline membrane disease. Additional anesthetic implications of this syndrome relate to the occurrence and management of hypoglycemia and polycythemia. Careful intraoperative management of glucose homeostasis is particularly important, since eventual neurologic outcome and intelligence will be normal provided prolonged neonatal hypoglycemia is avoided. Preoperative evaluation of the cardiac and genitourinary system, including echocardiography and renal ultrasound, are recommended because of the frequent occurrence of associated anomalies with omphalocele.
Diabetes, exercise, and atherosclerosis; Regular exercise may diminish the risk for atherosclerotic vascular disease in patients with non-insulin-dependent (type II) diabetes and in the general population. The basis for this effect of exercise may be its ability to diminish or prevent hyperinsulinemia, insulin resistance, and/or increases in intra-abdominal adipose mass. These abnormalities are associated with premature atherosclerotic vascular disease, essential hypertension, type II diabetes, and certain dyslipoproteinemias, and most likely precede them. They also have been implicated in the pathogenesis of these disorders. We propose that the high prevalence of hyperinsulinemia and insulin resistance in individuals leading a western life-style accounts for the reported benefit of physical activity in preventing coronary heart disease in the general population. We also propose that exercise (and diet) are most likely to be effective when initiated in young individuals, before the onset of irreversible vascular alterations, and when life-style changes may be more acceptable. Early identification of such individuals may be possible on the basis of family history, the presence of components of the hyperinsulinemia- insulin resistance syndrome, and/or central obesity. One such group that may already have been identified is women with gestational diabetes.
Clues in diagnosing congenital heart disease; A number of practical office and bedside clues to cardiac disease in infants and children have been passed on through the years. They relate to the history, to the inspection and palpation components of the physical examination, and to knowledge of the specific cardiac defects that are likely to be associated with certain clinical syndromes. With the possible exception of coarctation of the aorta, the clues are not diagnostically specific. In many instances, however, they serve to narrow a broad array of diagnostic possibilities to 2 or 3 and, with the aid of other clues and auscultation, they can often be distinguished from one another. When a primary care physician is confronted with a child who has an incidental murmur that is 'probably' innocent but could be organic, useful clues favoring an organic murmur are a history of congenital heart disease in a first-degree relative; a history of maternal rubella syndrome, alcohol use, or teratogenic drug use during pregnancy; a history of inappropriate sweating; a history of syncope, chest pain, or squatting; maternal diabetes mellitus; premature birth; birth at a high altitude; cyanosis; abnormal pulsations; recurrent bronchiolitis or pneumonia; chronic unexplained hoarseness; asymmetric facies with crying; and a physical appearance suggestive of a clinical syndrome.
Asymmetric septal hypertrophy in infants of diabetic mothers: Fetal echocardiography and the impact of maternal diabetic control; Maternal hyperglycemia may result in fetal hyperinsulinemia and asymmetric septal hypertrophy, macrosomia, and hypoglycemia in infants of diabetic mothers. We monitored glycosylated hemoglobin levels in 61 pregnant diabetic women each trimester as an index of maternal glycemic control and did serial fetal echocardiograms starting at 18 weeks of gestation. At delivery, cord blood C-peptide levels were obtained as an index of fetal hyperinsulinemia. Infants were assessed for hypoglycemia, macrosomia and septal thickening by echocardiography. Nineteen of the 61 infants (31%) had septal hypertrophy, were heavier, and had higher cord blood C-peptide levels and lower serum glucose levels than unaffected infants. Maternal glycosylated hemoglobin levels were higher during the third trimester in mothers of affected infants. Our data support a possible relationship between third-trimester maternal hyperglycemia and neonatal asymmetric septal hypertrophy, macrosomia, and hypoglycemia.
Fetal echocardiography: Indications for referral, prenatal diagnoses, and outcomes; Three hundred three fetuses were studied with fetal echocardiography and 21 were diagnosed with congenital heart disease (CHD). Indications for study, prenatal findings, and postnatal outcomes were examined in all fetuses studied. The most common indications for referral were previous family history and fetal dysrhythmia. Of 189 fetuses studied for these indications, six had CHD. Indications with the highest proportion of abnormal studies included an abnormal four-chamber view of the heart (50% abnormal), fetal hydrops (30.8% abnormal), and polyhydramnios (25% abnormal). Five of 21 with CHD had chromosomal defects and eight had extracardiac anomalies. Two of the 21 fetuses with CHD survived. Present referral indications led to the diagnosis of the most severe lesions, yet reassurance is provided to many couples with normal fetuses. Fetal echocardiography is important in the care of the fetus at risk for CHD.
Pathophysiology of polycystic ovarian disease: New insights; The incidence of polycystic ovarian disease (PCOD) varies from 0.6 to 92%, depending on the parameters analysed, PCOD has been reported to appear in association with Cushing's Syndrome, adrenal hyperplasia, hypothyroidism, adrenal and ovarian tumours and some genetic abnormalities. The controversy regarding the pathophysiological mechanism underlying the disease still persists. Critical evaluation of old data, assessment of new findings concerning the possible role of insulin, growth factors and their binding proteins, and extrapolation of neuroendocrinological experiments enabled the construction of a concise hypothesis of the pathophysiology of PCOD. According to this hypothesis, PCOD is a multifactorial disease. The sequence of events finally leading to clinical manifestation of the disease (hyperandrogenism, abnormal luteinizing hormone pulsatility pattern and ovulation disturbances) may originate in different organs or be triggered by different mechanisms. It may stem from the adrenals, the hypothalamus or higher central nervous system centres, or from the ovary itself; it may originate from excess of fat tissue usually combined with hyperinsulinism; or may be the result of a net increase in active growth factors. Each of the above disturbances probably appears early in life, much before the clinical signs of the disease are evident. Predisposing factors such as gestational diabetes of the mother, childhood obesity, borderline adrenal hyperplasia and late menarche have to be looked for as early as possible in order to prevent the late consequences of the disease, such as increased risk of infertility, endometrial and breast cancer and cardiovascular disease.
Role of prenatal echocardiography in the study of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in the fetus; The increased incidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in children of diabetic mothers has already been demonstrated, but its prenatal diagnosis has not yet been extensively studied. The purpose of this prospective study was to evaluate the frequency, severity, and echocardiographic features of fetal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in a population with several indications for prenatal echocardiography. From March 1987 to April 1991, 283 fetuses were submitted to comprehensive prenatal echocardiography, including M-mode measurements, cross-sectional imaging, Doppler studies, and color flow mapping. One hundred seventy-six were pregnancies complicated by previous or gestational diabetes. The diagnosis of disproportionate septal hypertrophy was made in 39 fetuses (mean septal thickness 7.12 ± 1.6 mm), at a mean gestational age of 32 weeks. Diabetes mellitus was present in 36 of these pregnancies (92.3%). In four cases, nonimmune hydrops was detected. A systolic anterior motion of the mitral valve was present in three fetuses, but only one showed a gradient across the left ventricular outflow tract. Postnatal echocardiographic examination in 27 babies did not show false positivity. In ten cases, spontaneous regression of the septal hypertrophy was shown. There were three neonatal deaths, unrelated to the myocardial disease. We concluded that transient hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a frequent entity, especially when associated with diabetes during gestation, being a potential cause for nonimmune hydrops. Fetal echocardiography is the method of choice for its prenatal diagnosis and should always be indicated in diabetic mothers.
Cerebral blood flow velocity and cardiac output in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers; Cardiac output and cerebral blood flow velocity in the anterior cerebral and internal carotid arteries were investigated in eight large-for-date infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers and 12 healthy term infants during the first four days of life using two-dimensional/pulsed Doppler ultrasound. Temporal mean flow velocity was used as an indicator of changes in cerebral blood flow. Six of the eight infants of diabetic mothers had ventricular septal hypertrophy with reduced cardiac outputs and stroke volumes. Mean flow velocity in both cerebral vessels showed a comparable pattern in both groups throughout the study period and was independent of mean arterial pressure, suggesting unaltered cerebral hemodynamics in the infants of diabetic mothers.
Means of lowering the perinatal mortality in pregnant women with diabetes mellitus; The paper gives some current approaches to the management of pregnant women with diabetes mellitus, in terms of perinatal medicine. These are based on a comprehensive detailed clinical examination of 104 patients, which involves the hormonal fetoplacental complex function, hypophyseo-thyroidal system, hemocoagulation system by using ultrasonic tools (fetal biometry and echocardiography, Doppler echometric studies of the fetoplacental blood flow in the umbilical vein, umbilical artery, and fetal aorta). A differential approach was proposed to the management of pregnancy and delivery of patients with diabetes mellitus, which allows perinatal mortality to be reduced.
Obstetrical management of patients with diabetes in pregnancy; The management of the woman with diabetes diagnosed before the onset of pregnancy, or who develops it during pregnancy, requires a team approach involving the woman and her partner, the diabetes nurse educator, the dietitian, the endocrinologist, the obstetrician, the ultrasonologist and the paediatrician. It should start before pregnancy so that normoglycaemia is achieved before conception and maintained throughout gestation and labour. Fetoplacental surveillance commences with an early ultrasound to confirm fetal viability, repeated around 20 weeks to exclude major fetal malformations and then later in the third trimester to monitor fetal growth. CTG and biophysical profile assessment are major adjuncts to ensuring fetal well-being. The pregnancy should be allowed to go to full term when maternal blood glucose control has been satisfactory, fetal growth is within the normal range and other obstetrical complications, e.g. pre-eclampsia, are absent. Such an approach will ensure that the caesarean section rate can be minimized. During labour, the progress of labour and fetal well-being should be closely monitored. The woman who has microvascular complications of her diabetes (including proliferative retinopathy and nephropathy) requires even closer surveillance and premature delivery is more likely to be needed. The principles of management of the woman who develops gestational diabetes are similar, with even greater emphasis being placed on not inducing labour before full term unless complications dictate otherwise.
Spontaneous abortion and congenital malformations in diabetes; The first few weeks after conception are a critical period for the embryo of a diabetic mother. If the mother is in good glycaemic control during this time, the risk of spontaneous abortion or major congenital malformation is low. Otherwise, the risk increases in proportion to the degree of blood glucose elevation. Glycohaemoglobin determination in the first trimester can be useful in retrospectively evaluating the degree of glycaemic control present around the time of conception and in roughly estimating the risk of spontaneous abortion or major malformation. For women with high risk, early prenatal diagnosis of congenital anomalies is warranted using detailed ultrasound examination, fetal echocardiography and α-fetoprotein determinations. Encouraging diabetic women to achieve strict control prior to conception should virtually eliminate the excess risk of spontaneous abortion or major malformation.
Role of foetal echocardiography in predicting perinatal outcome.; To establish foetal cardiovascular parameters as predictors of perinatal outcome in pregnancy, M-Mode, 2-D echocardiography and pulse Doppler study was performed at 24-32 weeks of gestation in 65 pregnancies. These pregnancies were followed up for perinatal outcome. The studied population included 24 normal pregnancies, 21 pregnant women with heart disease (14 rheumatic and 7 congenital heart disease) and 20 high risk pregnancies (bad obstetric history in 7, suspected intrauterine growth retardation in 4, hypertensive disease of pregnancy in 6 and diabetes mellitus in 3). There was no perinatal mortality. Two foetuses were born with complete heart block and one with a small ventricular septal defect; 6 neonates had intrauterine growth retardation and two of these had neonatal asphyxia with APGAR score less than 6 at one minute. Anatomically normal heart was correctly diagnosed in all 64 foetuses and ventricular septal defect was detected antenatally in one. Antenatal diagnosis of complete heart block was correctly made in two foetuses. One new born with complete heart block required a permanent pacemaker, which was implanted. The ratio of peak velocity across mitral valve during atrial systole (A) to peak velocity during early diastolic ventricular filling (E) was chosen to correlate with perinatal outcome. The ratio was less than 1.0 in 6 foetuses, all of whom were subsequently confirmed to have intrauterine growth retardation. In normal pregnancies A/E ratio was more than 1.0. We conclude that foetal echocardiography is a useful tool for predicting perinatal outcome and may be helpful in screening patients who require specific perinatal management.
Cardiac growth in fetuses of diabetic mothers with good metabolic control; To evaluate cardiac growth in fetuses of those diabetic mothers with good metabolic control, we examined M-mode echocardiographic measurements obtained from 24 fetuses of diabetic mothers (FODM) and compared these with measurements from 31 normal fetuses of similar gestational age. Fetuses were grouped into three gestational periods: 20 to 26 weeks, 27 to 33 weeks, and 34 to 40 weeks. The mothers were believed to have good metabolic control on the basis of mean daily glucose profiles and glycosylated hemoglobin A (HbA(1c)) values of approximately 110 mg/dl (610 μmol/L) and 7.5%, respectively, before fetal scanning, and estimated fetal weight similar to that of normal fetuses during all three gestational periods. Both FODM and normal fetuses had significant increases in M-mode measurements from period 1 to period 3, but in FODM, cardiac hypertrophy developed by late gestation (period 3), this involved the interventricular septum (6.1 ± 0.7 vs 4.9 ± 0.3 mm, p < 0.05), right ventricular free wall (5.7 ± 0.8 vs 3.2 ± 0.3 mm, p < 0.01), and left ventricular free wall (6.4 ± 0.6 vs 3.3 ± 0.4 mm P < 0.01). The interventricular septum/right ventricular free wall ratio was similar, whereas the interventricular septum/left ventricular free wall ratio in FODM was smaller by period 3 (1.0 ± 0.1 vs 1.6 ± 0.1, p < 0.05). The right ventricular diastolic dimension was similar, but the left ventricular diastolic dimension was significantly smaller in FODM during periods 2 and 3 (8.2 ± 1.2 vs 12.2 ± 0.7 mm, p < 0.05). Strict metabolic control did not prevent FODM from having abnormal cardiac growth. We conclude that good metabolic control results in normal estimated fetal weight but that FODM remain at risk for mild global cardiac hypertrophy and altered diastolic dimensions.
Influence of pregnancy on the 75-g OGTT: A prospective multicenter study; This study reports the responses to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in 1009 pregnant women from throughout Europe. We reached the following conclusions. 1) A pregnant woman tends to have blood glucose concentrations that are elevated for a longer period of time after an oral glucose load. Therefore, ~10% of women will reach or exceed 8 mM glucose at 2 h, but it is unlikely that 10% of European women have disordered carbohydrate metabolism. 2) The fasting and 1-h values should be included in any analysis of the response of the patient. By doing this, many fewer women will have responses regarded as abnormal; in this series, it reduced the 79 women with a 2-h value >8 mM to 15 who were considered to have carbohydrate intolerance (2 with diabetes, 13 with impaired glucose tolerance [IGT]). 3) By increasing the 2-h cutoff value to ≥9 mM, the number of women regarded as at risk would be reduced by >50% (from 79 to 32 in this series), but 10 of the 13 women with two abnormal values would still have been detected, as would the 2 diabetic women. 4) From the obstetric viewpoint, mothers who screen positive do not have bigger babies, they deliver close to term, and they do not have particular stigmas such as a family history of diabetes or an increased tendency to smoke or to have an adverse obstetric outcome. However, they do tend to be older and heavier. This raises the question of whether the apparent longer-term consequences such as coronary artery disease and hypertension are not in some measure due to these factors rather than carbohydrate intolerance alone. 5) We recommend that the screening test for disordered carbohydrate tolerance should be based on a 75-g OGTT with at least three blood samples: fasting, 60 min, and 120 min. The fasting value should not exceed 7 mM, the 1-h level should be <11 mM, and the 2-h value should be <9 mM. To diagnose IGT, either the fasting or 1-h concentration should be above the stated values in addition to a 2-h value >9 mM. Diabetes should be diagnosed with the existing World Health Organization criteria. 6) The term gestational diabetes should be reserved for those in whom blood glucose levels are diagnostic of diabetes and not IGT. If the term IGT during pregnancy is too long, the abbreviation gestational IGT is a reasonable alternative.
Body and breathing movements in near-term fetuses and newborn infants of type-1 diabetic women; The generation of body and breathing movements was studied in relation to behavioural states in near-term fetuses (n = 12) and newborn infants (n = 7) of women with well-controlled type-1 diabetes. Results obtained from low-risk fetuses (n = 12) and neonates (n = 14) were used for comparison. Before birth, 2-h recordings were made of fetal heart rate and of fetal body movements, breathing and eye movements; the neonates were studied polygraphically during 6 h for heart rate, body movements, respiration, eye movements and EEG-pattern. The generation of body movements was similar in the fetuses of the diabetic and control groups. After birth, the duration per burst was longer in the diabetic group, both in state 1 and state 2, resulting in increased incidences. The incidence of fetal breathing movements tended to be higher in the diabetic group, but differences with the control group did not reach statistical significance. Breathing rate was considerably slower in fetuses of diabetic women than in control fetuses, both in C1F (P < 0.001) and C2F (P < 0.002). This indicates altered regulation of breathing movements in diabetic pregnancy. In the neonates, breathing rate was identical in both groups. In either group breathing was slower in state 1 than in state 2; such a difference was not present before birth. Periodic breathing occurred more often in the infants of diabetic women, especially in state 2 (P < 0.02). Behavioural state organization was poor in the diabetic group, both before and after birth and resembled that of more immature fetuses and infants. The continuity of the poor behavioural state regulation from prenatal into postnatal life indicates that this cannot be attributed to the instantaneous unfavourable condition before birth.
Exercise in therapy and prevention of type II diabetes: Implications for blacks; The rationale for the use of exercise in the treatment of type II (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and its special implications for Blacks are reviewed herein. When performed on a regular basis, exercise may improve glycemic control and improve several risk factors for coronary heart disease including hypertriglyceridemia, hypertension, and hyperinsulinemia. In addition, it may be a useful adjunct to diet in producing weight loss. The metabolic benefits of exercise in part appear to be related to its ability to enhance insulin sensitivity. Benefits are short lived after discontinuing exercise. Because of problems with compliance and concurrent medical problems, many patients with type II diabetes are not good candidates for an exercise-diet program. For this reason, the optimum target population may be people at risk for type II diabetes and premature atherosclerosis. Such a population might include the offspring of patients with these disorders and individuals with impaired glucose tolerance, hyperinsulinemia, gestational diabetes, and/or an android pattern of fat distribution. Type II diabetes is more common in Blacks than in the general population. In most instances, it is associated with cardiovascular risk factors benefited by exercise. Despite this, there are no available studies regarding the effects of regular exercise in Blacks with type II diabetes or those at risk for it.
Risk factors for gestational diabetes in black population; In a long-term longitudinal study of gestational diabetes mellitus in Black women, risk factors that were identified were age, obesity, a family history of diabetes, and the presence of hypertension. Poor predictors were a history of a previous large-for-date infant, parity, and age at first pregnancy. The prevalence of smooth muscle and nuclear autoantibodies was higher in gestational diabetic subjects. Gestational diabetic subjects who required insulin for glycemic control were more obese, had a lower frequency of the Bf-F phenotype and a higher frequency of the Bf-F1 phenotype, and had a lower frequency of the type 2 allele at the polymorphic locus adjacent to the insulin gene. Restriction-fragment-length polymorphisms flanking the insulin and apolipoprotein A-I and C-III genes, although not associated with gestational diabetes mellitus, may be associated with hyperlipidemia and subsequent atherosclerosis.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother; We present a case of neonatal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy associated with maternal diabetes mellitus, which was not identified in utero with ultrasonography immediately prior to delivery, yet caused profound neonatal complications immediately following delivery. The perinatal presentation of diabetic hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has not been previously reported. The patient was initially referred to our facility for prenatal management of adult onset diabetes mellitus. Difficulties in maintaining blood sugar stability were encountered throughout gestation. Ultrasonographic examinations at 18 and 22 weeks showed no anomalies of the fetus, nor was abnormal amniotic fluid observed. Follow-up examination at 27 weeks showed an excess of amniotic fluid. At 31 and 32 weeks gestation, fetal macrosomia and a fetal cardiac arrhythmia (compatible with premature ventricular contractions) were observed. Upon echocardiographic examination at 34 and 35 weeks gestation, no atypical findings were identified. The infant was delivered 1 day after the final in utero assessment at 35 weeks and it developed complications resulting from left ventricular obstruction and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Previous reports have stated that the prenatal and postnatal biometric analysis of the fetus, in both normal and diabetic pregnancies, have correlated. We report a case of perinatal onset hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in an infant of a diabetic mother. This case represents an unusual scenario which may result in profound and unanticipated postnatal complications.
The grand multipara in modern obstetrics; From April 1985 to March 1986, 1,252 women were admitted for delivery at the Al Hada Armed Forces Hospital, Taif, Saudi Arabia. Of these, 224 (17.9%) were grand multiparas (GM) defined as mothers of parity ≥6. History, labor and delivery as well as postpartum and neonatal courses were recorded using computerized records for later statistical calculations. The obstetric and perinatal outcome was calculated comparing the GMs to para-1 mothers and para-2-5 patients (P2-5), respectively. The latter group being empirically considered as the 'ideal' patient group. On comparing the GM group to that of P2-5, significantly higher frequencies of intercurrent diseases, especially diabetes mellitus and gestational diabetes, were found. Among GMs, transverse lie, primary uterine inertia, fetal heart rate abnormalities, failure to progress and postpartum hemorrhage were encountered significantly more often than in the other groups. The incidence of placenta previa was likewise significantly increased among the GMs as was the number of cesarean sections, particularly those of the primary emergency type. There was no maternal mortality. The perinatal morbidity was significantly higher in the GM group. However, no significant difference in perinatal mortality was found between the groups. It is concluded that with few exceptions the GM can be safely delivered by means of modern obstetric management.
Hormonal diagnosis of fetal adaptation disorders in pregnant women with extragenital and obstetric pathology and the principles of their correction; The evaluation of hormonal adaptation of the fetoplacental unit (FPU) in pregnant women with somatic and obstetric complications has demonstrated 4 patterns of adaptation: normal, stressful, maladaptive and unstable. The distribution of FPU adaptive responses across diagnostic groups correlated with types of diseases and their duration in pregnant women. Controlled heart diseases, chronic pyelonephritis without exacerbations, mild toxemia were mostly associated with a normal FPU adaptation. Decompensated heart disease, acute episodes of chronic pyelonephritis, deteriorating toxemia, decompensated diabetes mellitus produced functional activation of FPU hormones. Pregnant women with stable hypertension in the presence of moderately severe toxemia and essential hypertension showed hormonal FPU maladaptation. Differential evaluation of FPU adaptation in pregnant women with somatic and obstetric diseases provides a guide to a range and sequence of interventions for fetal disorders.
Pregnancy and myocardial infarct; The authors described the pregnancy and delivery of a woman with unstable angina pectoris (ECG data for ischemic disease of the heart). Delivery occurred through the vagina without complications for the mother and fetus. The literary references treat the question about course of pregnancy, way of delivery and analgesia in women with myocardial infarction during pregnancy.
Polyhydramnios and perinatal outcome.; Of 2081 high-risk pregnancy patients who underwent antepartum fetal surveillance tests, 72 (3.5%) patients demonstrated evidence of polyhydramnios using the amniotic fluid index to assess the amniotic fluid volume. In these patients, an increased incidence of fetal macrosomia, premature births, non-reactive nonstress tests, perinatal morbidity, and fetal anomalies was observed. These data suggest that if polyhydramnios is encountered during an ultrasound evaluation, consideration should be given to the possibility of latent or uncontrolled diabetes mellitus or fetal macrosomia or anomaly; fetal surveillance and genetic evaluation also should be considered.
Perinatal pathology and risk groups in postnatal ontogeny; Perinatal pathology may become the cause of diseases in children and adults. Cardiovascular system of the foetus and placental vessels are examined in the toxicosis of the pregnancy, hypertension of pregnant mothers, immunological system and sex glands in large foetus, thyroid and sex glands of newborns. It is suggested that early atherosclerosis, myocardiopathy, sexual disturbances, endocrinopathy, immunodeficient states are consequences of pathological or "prepathological" development of certain organs and systems of the foetus.
Feto-maternal circulatory changes related to placenta morphology in diabetes mellitus; Combined real-time Doppler ultrasound blood flow measurements were carried out in 20 diabetic pregnant women in the third trimester. The placenta morphology was examined with emphasis on maturation, centrocotyledon hemorrhage, villous edema, and ischemia, ischemic villitis, infarction, perivillous fibrin deposition, thrombosis, and inflammatory changes of membranes and fetal placental vessels. Ten out of 17 cases with placenta pathology had normal blood flow measurements. Centrocotyledon hemorrhage (n = 8) was associated with a higher pulsatility index in the fetal aorta and development of fetal distress and obstetric intervention in labor. The higher number of hemorrhages, the greater the risk of intervention. The pulsatility index was normal in the umbilical artery. The uterine artery pulsatility index showed no correlation to the hemorrhages. Ischemic villitis and infarction were not found in any placenta, suggesting that there were no cases of advanced placental dysfunction. Placental immaturity, found in 11 cases, was not associated with any flow anomalies. Centrocotyledon hemorrhage seemed to be the earliest morphological abnormality affecting blood flow in the feto-maternal circulation in diabetic pregnancy. Centrocotyledon hemorrhage might be the first sign of placental microflow disturbance, possibly affecting fetal oxygenation, but not the total placental vascular bed resistance.
Clinical aspects of the relationship between oral contraceptives, abnormalities in carbohydrate metabolism, and the development of cardiovascular disease; Although large epidemiologic studies indicated no difference in the frequency of diabetes mellitus in nonusers and everusers of high-dose combination oral contraceptives, other studies had shown an increased risk of impaired glucose tolerance in current users, which is estimated to be roughly twice as frequent as that in nonusers. Women at risk of developing impaired glucose tolerance while receiving high-dose oral contraceptives either had previous gestational diabetes mellitus or were older, obese, or had a positive family history of diabetes mellitus. The tendency to decreased glucose tolerance seems essentially related to the dosage and chemical structure of the progestogen used in oral contraceptives, namely, estrane and particularly gonane progestins. However, increased frequency of impaired glucose tolerance and potentially diabetes mellitus are obviously not linked to the use of the more potent gonane progestins. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives, particularly with reduced progestogen content (such as in the triphasic formulations and last-generation monophasic preparations), is accompanied by a low risk of impaired glucose tolerance, even in previous gestational diabetes mellitus. The mechanism of decreased glucose tolerance in oral contraceptive users is unknown but seems related partially to increased peripheral resistance that is potentially caused by a postreceptor defect in insulin action. Changes in insulin production or metabolic clearance rate are not excluded by recent, sophisticated investigations of carbohydrate metabolism in oral contraceptive users. Impaired glucose tolerance and diabetes mellitus, chronic hyperglycemia, and hyperinsulinemia are believed to increase atherogenic risk either by their direct action or their effects on lipid metabolism. Newer epidemiologic studies now indicate that the incidence of cardiovascular disease in low-dose, low-risk, current oral contraceptive users has been substantially decreased. The use of low-dose oral contraceptives with reduced dosages of better adapted progestogens seems effective in decreasing alterations in carbohydrate metabolism and may thereby contribute to decrease further atherogenic risk in oral contraceptive users.
Obstetric management and delivery in diabetics; A review of the obstetrical management of diabetic pregnancies is presented. The best way to avoid complications is to achieve the best possible diabetic control. Ultrasonics are able to determine gestational age in the first weeks of pregnancy, to detect fetal malformations and to follow fetal growth. At the end of pregnancy, fetal heart rate monitoring is the golden standard to judge fetal well being. Delivery at term is of paramount importance. The presence of fetal macrosomia is an important parameter of the decision of the mode of delivery.
Obstetrical management of the diabetic pregnancy; A review of the obstetrical management of diabetic pregnancies is presented. The best way to avoid complications is to achieve the best possible diabetic control. Ultrasonics are able to determine gestational age in the first weeks of pregnancy, to detect fetal malformations and to follow fetal growth. At the end of pregnancy, fetal heart rate monitoring is the golden standard to judge fetal well being. Delivery at term is of paramount importance. The presence of fetal macrosomia is an important parameter of the decision of the mode of delivery.
A longitudinal study comparing growth in diabetic pregnancies with growth in normal gestations: I. The fetal weight.; Diabetes mellitus is associated with fetal growth acceleration and retardation. These aberrations in fetal growth seem to be influenced by a variety of factors including vascular disease, glycemic control, hypertension and smoking. In order to characterize fetal growth under the above conditions, longitudinal sonographic evaluations were performed in 52 pregnant, insulin-dependent diabetic women with the usual monitoring of the patients' metabolic control. Regression analyses revealed that vascular disease and glycemic conditions were the most important influences for growth, with manifestation beyond the second trimester. With stringent glucose control (mean whole blood less than or equal to 100 mg/dl) in the absence of vasculopathy (white classes A, B, C), fetal growth was similar to that in normal pregnancies. In the presence of vasculopathy (white classes D and FR), growth was reduced, especially when near-normal glycemic levels were achieved. Conversely, in poorly controlled diabetic women, enhanced fetal growth were observed in patients with and without vasculopathy. No aberrations in fetal growth were observed, however, before the third trimester. The findings of our study demonstrate that vasculopathy and glycemia are dominant and independent regulators of fetal growth. However, their influences are not manifested in growth changes before the third trimester.
Diabetes mellitus during pregnancy and the risks for specific birth defects: A population-based case-control study; Although the excess risk for birth defects among children of mothers with diabetes mellitus is well documented, there are few data concerning the risk for specific malformations. In the Atlanta Birth Defects Case-Control Study, those risks for malformations were evaluated. The population-based study included 4929 live and stillborn babies with major malformations ascertained by the Metropolitan Atlanta Congenital Defects Program in the first year of life born to residents of Metropolitan Atlanta between 1968 and 1980. The study also included 3029 nonmalformed live babies who were frequency-matched to case babies by race, period of birth, and hospital of birth. The relative risk for major malformations among infants of mothers with insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (n = 28) was 7.9 (95% confidence interval [CI]1.9, 33.5) compared with infants of nondiabetic mothers. The relative risks for major central nervous system and cardiovascular system defects were 15.5 (95% CI = 3.3, 73.8) and 18.0 (95% CI = 3.9, 82.5), respectively. The absolute risks for major, central nervous system, and cardiovascular system malformations among infants of diabetic mothers were 18.4, 5.3, and 8.5 per 100 live births, respectively. Infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who required insulin during the third trimester of pregnancy were 20.6 (95% CI = 2.5, 168.5) times more likely to have major cardiovascular system defects than infants of nondiabetic mothers. The absolute risk for infants of this group of diabetic mothers was 9.7%. No statistically significant differences were found among infants of mothers with gestational diabetes mellitus who did not require insulin during pregnancy. These results suggest a stronger association than previously reported between maternal diabetes mellitus and specific categories of major malformations and implicate gestational diabetes mellitus as a risk factor for major cardiovascular system defects.
Prescription of aerobic exercise during pregnancy; Available evidence supports the existence of both risks and benefits of aerobic conditioning during human pregnancy. During intensive exertion, maternal skeletal muscle and the fetus may compete for blood flow, oxygen delivery and essential fuel substrates. Hence, the most important hypothetical risks include acute fetal hypoxia, hyperthermia and malnutrition. If exercise is repeated on a chronic basis, teratogenic effects, fetal growth retardation or altered fetal development may result if maternal/fetal adaptive reserve is exceeded. A dose-response relationship for such effects has been demonstrated in laboratory animals, but specific findings may have limited applicability to voluntary exercise in pregnant women. Although further investigation is needed, the majority of published studies suggest that fitness-type conditioning does not jeopardise fetal well-being in healthy well-nourished women. Benefits of such exercise appear to include increases in maximal aerobic power (V̇O(2max), L/min) and enhanced cardiopulmonary reserve. It has also been proposed that exercise prevents accumulation of excess body fat, promotes psychological well-being, helps to prevent gestational diabetes and low back pain and may facilitate labour. However, these benefits remain to be confirmed by objective scientific study. Due primarily to a lack of scientific data, existing medical guidelines for exercise during pregnancy are conservative and follow a common sense approach. Good agreement exists on the need for preparticipation medical screening and continuing surveillance to verify the existence of maternal/fetal adaptive reserve. Women are advised to select safe, non-ballistic exercise modalities and to avoid thermal or hyperbaric environmental stress during exercise. Exercise in the supine position is also prudent to avoid, particularly in late gestation. The usefulness of heart rate in prescribing and monitoring exercise intensity has been questioned, with use of conventional perception of exertion scales being the most logical alternative. Predication of maximal aerobic power (V̇O(2max)) form submaximal work rate/heart rate relationships is also problematic during pregnancy. Other areas of debate include the advisability of initiating a new exercise programme during pregnancy, methods for prevention of fetal hyperthermia, the safety of weight-training/isometric exercise and optimal methods for training of pre/postnatal fitness instructors.
Placental pathology and abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in gestational diabetes; Infants of diabetic mothers are considered to be at increased risk of fetal distress. We suggest that umbilical vasculitis is strongly associated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns, which indicate fetal tissue hypoxia even in the absence of clinical evidence of intrapartum infection. In the present series, 132 term deliveries with Class A diabetes mellitus were compared with 159 uncomplicated term deliveries. Umbilical vasculitis and gestational age greater than 281 days were both highly correlated with abnormal fetal heart rate patterns in diabetic pregnancies (p < 0.001). These effects were shown to be independent by multiple logistic regression. There was no difference in mean birthweight between infants of diabetic mothers and those of uncomplicated pregnancies, but infants of diabetic mothers had heavier placentas (p < 0.01). These data further support our hypothesis that umbilical vasculitis may affect umbilical hemodynamics and predispose to development of abnormal fetal heart rate patterns.
Randomized trial of diet versus diet plus cardiovascular conditioning on glucose levels in gestational diabetes; We studied the impact of a training program on glucose tolerance in gestational diabetes mellitus. Women with gestational diabetes mellitus (N = 19) were randomized into either group I, a 6-week diet alone group (24 to 30 kcal/kg/24 hours; 20% protein, 40% carbohydrate, 40% fat), or group II, which followed the same diet plus exercise (20 minutes three times a week for 6 weeks). An arm ergometer was used to maintain heart rate in the training group. Glycemic response was monitored by glycosylated hemoglobin, a 50 gm oral glucose challenge with a fasting and 1-hour plasma glucose, and blood glucose self-monitoring, fasting and 1 hour after meals. Week 1 glycemic parameters were the same for both groups. Week 6 data (mean ± SD) were as follows: group I glycosylated hemoglobin, 4.7% + 0.2% versus group II, 4.2% ± 0.2%; p < 0.001. The group I glucose challenge fasting value was 87.6 ± 6.2 versus 70.1 ± 6.6 mg/dl, p < 0.001 for group II. The group I 1-hour plasma glucose challenge result was 187.5 ± 12.9 mg/dl versus 105.9 ± 18.9 mg/dl for group II, p < 0.001. The glycemic levels diverged between the groups at week 4. We conclude that arm ergometer training is feasible in women with gestational diabetes mellitus and results in lower glycosylated hemoglobin, fasting, and 1-hour plasma glucose concentrations than diet alone. Arm ergometer training may provide a useful treatment option for women with gestational diabetes mellitus and may obviate insulin treatment.
Oral contraceptive use in women with chronic medical conditions.; Health care practitioners are often faced with the dilemma of whether or not to provide oral contraceptives to women who have certain chronic medical conditions. This article reviews literature regarding the use of oral contraceptives in clients with histories of gestational diabetes, mitral valve prolapse or sickle cell disease. Recommendations for management are provided regarding oral contraceptive use in women with these conditions.
Nature and mechanism of hemodynamic changes in fetuses of mothers with various types of diabetes mellitus; Doppler echocardiography of flow in the fetal aorta and the umbilical artery as well as fetal echocardiography performed in 61 pregnant females with diabetes mellitus revealed central intracardiac hemodynamic alterations as risk factors for the development of "diabetic" heart failure in newborns. Pregnancy--associated diabetes patients and females with diabetes of type I demonstrated a somewhat decrease in the fetal myocardial contractility which was evidently determined by metabolic alterations in the myocardium, macrosomia and disorders in the fetoplacental circulation.
Inherited diseases in North American Mennonites: Focus on Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites; The patterns of migration and the genetic disorders occurring among North American Mennonites are reviewed, and inherited conditions recently recognized in a religious and genetic isolate, the Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonites, are described. Old Colony Mennonites are of Dutch/German origin and descend from approximately 400 founding families who settled in the Old Colony, Chortitza (the Ukraine, USSR) in the late 1700s, and then migrated to Canada and Central and South America in the past century. We investigated over 6 generations of a Canadian Old Colony kindred in which there was extensive intermarriage, and in whom 28 individuals developed diabetes mellitus. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) occurred in 14 affected individuals in 10 closely related sibships; the 11 living IDDM patients were all concordant for the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Fourteen close relatives had other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus. Other close relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyper- and hypothyroidism, multiple sclerosis, and red cell aplasia. Other inherited diseases, including Alport syndrome, congenital defects, and inborn errors of metabolism were also found in the kindred. In the almost exclusively (99%) Old Colony Mennonite public health district in which the kindred was ascertained, there were multiple cases of Tourette syndrome, of malformations (including congenital heart defects and clef lip ± palate), and familial clusters of inborn errors of metabolism. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite isolate because 1) there are large familial aggregations of tissue-specific autoimmune diseases, malformations, inborn errors of metabolism, and of some other conditions whose genetic basis is still unknown; 2) there are multiple cases of rare genetic conditions; 3) we have established a computerized genealogic data base on over 1,000 kindred members as well as a cryopreserved lymphocyte/DNA bank on over 100 closely related individuals with various genetic conditions; and 4) this religious isolate, which extends across North, Central, and South America, offers an excellent opportunity for studying the epidemiology and molecular genetics of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Infants of diabetic mothers--an analysis of 50 cases.; In a prospective study of 50 infants of diabetic mothers, 40% were large, 44% appropriate and 16% small for gestational age, 36% were preterm, 24% of the mothers were managed by dietary modification, 62% received insulin, 10% were treated with oral hypoglycemic agents while 4% did not receive any treatment as they were diagnosed postpartum, 58% mothers, underwent cesarean section (38% elective and 20% emergency procedures), 34% had normal vaginal deliveries, 6% were delivered by forceps and 2% by vacuum. Sixty-four per cent were infants of gestational diabetic (IGDM) and 36% of preconceptional diabetic mothers (IPDM). The morbidity and mortality was lesser in IGDM compared to IPDM. Hypoglycemia was documented in 50%, polycythemia in 20%, birth asphyxia in 18%, respiratory distress syndrome and hypocalcemia in 14% each, transient tachypnea of the newborn in 12%, hyperbilirubinemia in 8%, congenital anomalies in 4% and cardiomyopathy, birth trauma and meconium aspiration in 2% each. Pretherapy serum insulin levels were estimated in 10 babies, and 6 babies were subjected to 2D-echocardiography. The overall mortality was 20%. Infants born to mothers on oral hypoglycemic agents had a poor outcome.
Effects of oral contraceptives on the borderline NIDD patient.; With oral contraceptives (OCs), estrogen and progestogen doses, as well as the type of progestogen used, seem to directly affect glucose tolerance and insulin resistance. Other factors that influence these parameters are a patient's weight and age, family history of diabetes, and previous gestational diabetes. In normal-weight women with previous gestational diabetes, low-dose OCs do not appear to directly affect glucose tolerance, plasma insulin levels, or insulin binding to monocytes. This paper reports the initial data from a study employing low-dose OC formulations in obese patients with a history of either Class A1 or A2 gestational diabetes. Although results are preliminary, they do suggest that Ovcon 35, a low-dose norethindrone-containing OC, may be safe in Class A1 diabetics; in Class A2 diabetics, Ovcon 35 is associated with significantly less change in oral glucose tolerance at 3 months than is the triphasic Triphasil.
Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers: An update; Infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs) are at known risk for developing a hypertrophic type of cardiomyopathy. The severity of IDM cardiomyopathy can vary from an incidental finding on echocardiography to an infant with severe symptoms of congestive heart failure. The purpose of this article is to review the pathophysiologic mechanisms involved in the development of cardiomyopathy in IDMs and to discuss the diagnostic tests utilized in making the diagnosis (especially echocardiography) and the potential mechanisms that may result in congestive heart failure. This report will conclude with a review of a 2 1/2 year prospective study of diabetic women who had carefully maintained diabetic control during pregnancy. Although the IDMs in this study continued to have mild evidence of generalized hypertrophy when compared with control newborn infants, none developed symptoms of congestive heart failure. These data support the contention that careful diabetic management in pregnancy reduces the severity of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in IDMs.
Perinatal asphyxia in infants of insulin-dependent diabetic mothers; Infants of diabetic mothers are thought to be at risk for perinatal asphyxia. We hypothesized that the following are significant risk factors for perinatal asphyxia: poor third-trimester glycemic control, diabetic vascular disease (nephropathy, retinopathy) appearing in pregnancy, pregnancy-associated hypertension, smoking, prematurity, fetal macrosomia, and maternal hyperglycemia and hypoglycemia within 6 hours preceding delivery. We prospectively studied 162 infants born to 149 diabetic mothers (White classes B through R-T). Perinatal asphyxia was defined clinically as fetal distress during labor (late decelerations, persistent fetal bradycardia, or both), 1-minute Apgar score ≤6, or intrauterine fetal death. Forty-four infants (26.7%) had perinatal asphyxia. The presence of perinatal asphyxia did not correlate with third-trimester glycemic control, pregnancy-associated hypertension, smoking, fetal macrosomia, or maternal hypoglycemia before delivery, but it did correlate significantly with nephropathy appearing in pregnancy, maternal hyperglycemia before delivery, and prematurity. We speculate that (1) the appearance of diabetic vasculopathy (nephropathy) during pregnancy is accompanied by placental vascular disease and subsequently by fetal compromise and (2) in pregnancy complicated by diabetes, maternal and subsequently fetal hyperglycemia before delivery leads to fetal hypoxemia.
The problem of grandmultiparity in current obstetric practice; A retrospective analysis of 646 Arab grandmultiparas who booked for hospital confinement between 1983 and 1985 was carried out. The results were compared with that of non-grandmultiparas during the same period. In the grandmultiparas during the same period. In the grandmultiparas, the incidences of gestational diabetes, hypertension rheumatic heart disease, antepartum, postpartum hemorrhage and macrosomic infants were increased. However, contrary to some previous reports the incidences of anemia, cesarean sections, induced labor, dysmaturity and perinatal deaths were decreased. This is thought to be due to the provision of modern specialist perinatal care and improved socio-economic standards.
Unusual clustering of diseases in a Canadian Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred and community; We investigated a large Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite kindred with branches across Canada. Six generations of the kindred were traced. There was intermarriage among numerous family members. Insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (IDDM) was identified in 10 members; all 7 living patients were found to carry the immunogenetic marker HLA-DR4. Nine other close relatives had disorders of carbohydrate metabolism, including gestational diabetes mellitus and non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus progressing to insulin use. Ten other relatives had autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, hyperthyroidism, hypothyroidism and multiple sclerosis. Cases of Alport's syndrome, congenital malformations, inborn errors of metabolism and unusual malignant diseases were also found in the kindred. In the small Alberta community in which the kindred was ascertained there were people of Old Colony Mennonite descent with genetic conditions such as Gilles de la Tourette's syndrome and congenital malformations, including congenital heart disease. This kindred represents the largest reported familial aggregation of IDDM. This disease and other disorders of carbohydrate metabolism occur in the context of a strong familial predisposition to autoimmune disease. Study of this family may permit empiric testing of proposed models of inheritance of diseases of complex origin such as IDDM. We report this Old Colony (Chortitza) Mennonite community because it is one of the settlements populated by this religious and genetic isolate, which extends across Canada and Central and South America and affords opportunities for the study of both common and rare inherited diseases.
Fetal aortic blood flow and echocardiographic findings in human pregnancy; Relationships between human fetal aortic blood flow parameters and the corresponding echocardiographic findings were investigated in 51 normal, 26 hypertensive and 18 diabetic late pregnancies. In the normal pregnancies the time-averaged mean and peak velocities and the waveform indexes of the flow in the fetal aorta were not dependent on the cardiac size nor on the fractional shortening of the myocardium. Total blood flow in the aorta correlated well with heart size and left ventricular output. Hypertensive cases had, as a group, lower aortic velocities and higher waveform indexes than normal and diabetic pregnancies, and the difference from normal was particularly great if the fetus was growth-retarded. Myocardial contractility in these fetuses remained good in spite of these peripheric hemodynamic alterations, but the relative size of the right ventricle was increased. The diabetic cases had smaller blood flow volume in fetal aorta than in the normal cases. In contrast with normal pregnancies the myocardial fractional shortening of these fetuses decreased if the pulsatility of the aortic blood flow increased or the total blood flow in the aorta was high. These findings point to a decreased functional capacity of the fetal heart in a diabetic pregnancy, in particular in the late weeks of gestation.
Fetal distress during labour in diabetic pregnancy; The frequency of fetal distress in labour was studied in 46 diabetic women and in 46 non-diabetic matched controls. Fetal distress was assessed by electronic fetal heart rate (FHR) monitoring and fetal scalp blood pH determinations in late first stage of labour. Ominous FHR and/or low pH (<7.26) was more common in the diabetic group than in the control group (17.4% and 10.9%, respectively) but the difference was not statistically significant. The frequency of caesarean section and low Apgar score at 1 min was significantly higher in the diabetic group (P<0.05). There was no correlation between maternal blood glucose regulation and the occurrence of fetal distress in the diabetic group. The results suggest that fetal distress may be slightly more common in labour in diabetic women compared with controls managed in a similar way. Careful FHR monitoring and liberal use of fetal scalp blood pH determinations is recommended.
Effects of β1-adrenoceptor blockade in the treatment of hypertension during pregnancy in diabetic women; The effects of β1-blockade were investigated in 18 hypertensive pregnant diabetic women. The same women served as controls, covering a period just before therapy. The blood pressure was reduced in 14 women (p < 0.01). The change in blood glucose homeostasis was statistically not different from the control period. Insulin doses were not affected. The fetal heart rate was affected by therapy, causing a decrease in baseline rate (p < 0.05) and in acceleration amplitude (p < 0.05). Although the incidence of suspect fetal distress, intrauterine growth retardation and preterm delivery was high, all surviving infants had normal Apgar scores at 5 and 10 min. Perinatal mortality consisted of one stillbirth. Except for respiratory problems, the incidence of neonatal complications was low. All survivors were healthy at follow-up. We found β1-blockade to be effective and safe in this group of high-risk pregnancies, and suggest it as an alternative for anti-hypertensive therapy in diabetic pregnancy.
Maternal diabetic control and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy in infants of diabetic mothers; Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy has been well documented in infants of diabetic mothers (IDMs). If this asymmetric septal enlargement is an anabolic result of fetal hyperinsulinemia triggered by maternal hyperglycemia during the third trimester, maternal glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1) levels, an indicator of glycemic control, should then correlate positively at delivery with newborn ventricular septal thickness. In this study of 20 infants of well-controlled diabetic mothers, no relationship was observed between echocardiographic evidence of hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and maternal HbA1 levels. Seven babies (35%) exhibited exaggerated septal thickening, but none had cardiac-specific symptoms. Although 60 percent of the IDMs were large for gestational age and 45 percent demonstrated neonatal hypoglycemia, neither of these complications correlated with maternal HbA1. In this group of babies of well-controlled diabetic women, echocardiographic indicators of cardiomyopathy were common, but clinical evidence of cardiac embarrassment was not observed. Moreover, these data do not support third trimester maternal hyperglycemia as instrumental in the etiology of cardiomyopathy and other complications of IDMs.
Fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy. I. Predictive value of the nonstress test; Ninety-nine consecutive diabetic pregnancies (101 infants) were monitored with altogether 2672 nonstress tests (NSTs) from about 30 weeks of gestation until parturition. In 96% of the women the last NST was performed within 2 days of delivery. Fifty-nine percent had normal NSTs throughout pregnancy. Only 3.7% of the 2672 tests were classified as pathological. When performed within 2 days antepartum, a normal NST predicted the 1-min Apgar score to be ≥ 7 in 92%, and at 5 and 10 min in 99%. When all NSTs ever performed were included, the predictive value improved to 100%. The baby's first cry within 1 min after birth was predicted in 96%. Furthermore, the predictive value of a normal NST regarding the absence of ominous intrapartum cardiotocographic (CTG) patterns, normal pulmonary function and normal metabolic balance, was about 80%. The perinatal mortality was 1%. The specificity was in general good (86-96%), whereas the predictive value of pathological tests and the sensitivity almost without exception were poor. It is concluded that the very low rate of pathological NSTs indicates that obstetric interventions were made soon after the occurrence of the first sign of fetal jeopardy. Only then, and with meticulous care, is it possible to obtain good results. A normal NST is an excellent predictor of a normal Apgar score at 5 and 10 min, and also very good for a normal 1-min Apgar and an early cry from the baby. The predictive value is quite acceptable concerning the intrapartum CTG and the neonatal course likewise regarding the pulmonary function and metabolic balance. This study indicates that in diabetic pregnancy the frequently performed NST is a good predictor of normality and thus highly reliable in fetal surveillance.
Fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy. II. The nonstress test versus the oxytocin challenge test; At the Department of Obstetrics and Gynecology, University of Lund, it has been the routine management in diabetic pregnancy to use both nonstress test (NST) and oxytocin challenge test (OCT) for fetal surveillance. The study material reported comprised 61 pregnant diabetics, 1 882 NSTs and 90 OCTs. Evaluations were made separately for the time interval 0-2 days antepartum, within 1 week antepartum, and all tests included. Predictive value, specificity and sensitivity were calculated for both the NSTs and OCTs according to the following variables of neonatal outcome: Apgar scores at 1, 5 and 10 min, baby's first cry (or not) within 1 min of birth, pulmonary function, and metabolic balance. No perinatal deaths occurred. There were no statistically significant differences between the NSTs and OCTs in the antepartum time intervals 0-2 days and ≤1 week regarding any variable. When all tests were included, the OCT proved superior in that there were fewer falsely pathological tests, though biased by the fact that most of the NSTs evaluated were older than the oldest OCT in this context. Nevertheless, it is concluded that the OCT does not favor the NST for routine fetal surveillance in diabetic pregnancy.
The current role of daily serum estriol monitoring in the insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic woman; This retrospective analysis of the use of serum estriol levels for antenatal assessment was performed in an effort to determine if routine, late third-trimester, daily serum estriol monitoring of insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic women can still be justified. Estriol profiles of 170 diabetic pregnancies, managed under a consistent protocol of weekly contraction stress tests and daily serum estriol assessments, were reviewed. A total of 4612 estriol determinations were performed. Nearly 4% of the estriol determinations showed a 35% fall from the mean of the previous three highest consecutive values. Forty-seven percent of the patients had at least one fall of this magnitude. Eighty-five percent of the fetal heart rate tests performed in association with an estriol fall were normal. A fall in estriol was not found to be associated with a higher risk of having a positive contraction stress test, either at the time the estriol fall was recognized or at any time during the patient's antepartum course. Although use of this strict protocol combining the use of weekly contraction stress tests and daily serum estriol determinations provided a safe method of antepartum assessment, there is little evidence to support the routine use of daily serum estriol monitoring in insulin-dependent pregnant diabetic women.
Coronary artery disease in diabetic pregnancies; Severe vascular complications of diabetes mellitus include myocardial infarction and when this occurs during pregnancy it is associated with a high risk of maternal mortality. In the absence of myocardial infarction, information is unavailable on pregnancy outcome in diabetic patients with severe coronary artery disease or with prior coronary artery bypass graft. Such a case is presented together with a review of the literature.
Sonographic assessment of amniotic fluid quantity. I. Polyhydramnios - Significance for pregnancy and course of birth; In this study, 3,274 pregnant patients were sonographically examined. Special attention was paid to the classification of the quantity of amniotic fluid according to sonographic criteria. An increase in amniotic fluid was observed in 6% of the patients examined. Cases in which the largest sonographically demonstrable amniotic fluid depot was significantly larger than the transverse thoracoabdominal diameter were classified as polyhydramnios. An amniotic fluid depot that was either as large as or up to 10% larger than the transverse thoracoabdominal diameter of the fetus was regarded as the upper normal range for the amount of amniotic fluid. These cases were compared with a randomly chosen control group with normal quantities of amniotic fluid with regard to the occurrence of complications during pregnancy and birth and to the incidence of fetal malformation. Patients with increased quantities of amniotic fluid more frequently had symptoms of toxemia (p < 0.01). In patient with manifest diabetes mellitus the quantity of amniotic fluid was frequently in the upper normal range (p < 0.01), while women with gestation diabetes frequently suffered from polyhydramnios (p < 0.001). Fifteen percent of women with quantities of amniotic fluid in the upper normal range beared macrosomatic children (p < 0.001). Twenty-seven percent of cases with polyhydramnios (p < 0.001) and 8% of cases with a quantity of amniotic fluid in the upper normal range (p < 0.01) were associated with serious fetal malformation.
Management of diabetes mellitus in pregnancy; During the past decade, our major objective in the management of pregnancies complicated by diabetes mellitus has become normalization of maternal and, therefore, fetal glucose levels. For most women with insulin-dependent diabetes, this goal may be achieved through the use of multiple insulin injections combined with an appropriate dietary intake. The results of such therapy can now be accurately assessed by means of home glucose monitoring. Patients with gestational diabetes can be properly treated only if they are first identified. Therefore, all pregnant women should be tested for this disorder because screening based on past obstetric history or clinical criteria alone may miss up to 50% of patients with gestational diabetes. Between 1980 and 1984, the perinatal mortality rate reported in the American literature for more than 800 insulin-dependent patients was 21 per 1000, with more than 50% of these deaths resulting from major malformations. Such data emphasize the need to achieve maternal euglycemia before conception, as poor maternal control has been associated with teratogenesis. Prepregnancy assessment should also include a thorough evaluation of maternal vasculopathy.
Indications for and timing of delivery in diabetic pregnancies; The management of 430 diabetic pregnancies is presented. Our protocol emphasized 'tight' metabolic control and assessment of fetal well-being by antepartum fetal heart rate testings and estriol levels. Spontaneous labor was allowed in uncomplicated Class A diabetic patients. Labor in complicated cases and insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies was induced after establishing fetal lung maturity, except when a maternal or fetal complication dictated otherwise. A significant drop in estriol was observed in 4% of Class A diabetic patients and 10.2% of insulin-dependent diabetic patients. None developed a positive contraction stress test. Abnormal fetal well-being tests contributed minimally to the indications for induction of labor. The incidence of induced preterm delivery was 2.8% in Class A diabetic patients and 18.4% in insulin-dependent diabetic ones. The perinatal mortality was 5.6:1000 and 13:1000, respectively. The incidence of respiratory distress syndrome was very low, and none of the cases were associated with a 'mature' amniotic fluid lecithin phosphorus measurement.
Surveillance of the diabetic pregnancy with antepartum fetal nonstress testing and urinary estriol excretion; The value of daily fetal heart rate (FHR) nonstress test (NST) and 24-hour urinary excretion of estriol (E3) were compared in a consecutive series of 76 diabetic pregnancies. The NST scoring system (0-10 points) employed included monitoring of fetal movements in addition to evaluation of FHR decelerations, accelerations as well as frequency and amplitude of oscillations. Patients were delivered electively after 38 weeks of gestation unless spontaneous labor began earlier or if delivery was indicated for either maternal reasons or presumed fetal distress. Fetal distress was believed to be present if two consecutive NST scores were 6 points or less. Seven patients had a day-to-day E3 fall of 50% or more at least once. Six of these patients had normal NST scores and 5 of the infants showed no signs of asphyxia at delivery. Forty-two patients had E3 drops of 30-50% and 27 patients had E3 drops of less than 30%; in contrast, the NST scores were 6 or less in 15 patients but were normal the next day. These data indicate that measurements of urinary excretion of E3 give many false alarms of fetal jeopardy and that daily NST can replace measurement of urinary excretion of E3 and reduce unwarranted intervention and unnecessary prematurity.
Class H diabetes and pregnancy; Class H diabetes is defined as the presence of diabetes of any duration associated with ischemic myocardial disease. Because of a lack of experience with the coexistence of myocardial ischemic disease and diabetes during pregnancy, it is difficult to offer patients an accurate prognosis for mother and infant during such a gestation. Previous reports suggest that outcomes in this situation are almost routinely poor. It is likely, however, that there is a subset of patients within the class H diabetic population in whom pregnancy can be successful. Reported are the pregnancies of three such patients. The authors suggest that careful attention to cardiac status and glycemic control contribute to both maternal and fetal well-being. Prepregnancy screening of class H patients for evidence of cardiac dysfunction may allow for the screening of those class H diabetic women who are most likely to achieve successful pregnancy outcome.
Antepartum heart rate testing in diabetic pregnancy; Fetal death in utero remains a significant contributor to diabetics' perinatal mortality despite the reassuring results of antepartum heart rate testing. We retrospectively reviewed 48 pregnancies (one set of twins) of class B-F diabetic women with a reactive nonstress test (NST) or a negative contraction stress test (CST) within one week of delivery. Four fetal deaths occurred four to seven days after the test; no fetal deaths occurred within three days of it. We advocate initial screening with the NST, followed by a CSF if the NST is nonreactive. Testing should be done more often than weekly.
Pathophysiology, diagnosis, and management of glucose homeostasis in the neonate.; The neonate appears to be in a transitional stage of glucose homeostasis. Maturation of neonatal glucose homeostasis requires coordination of opposing hormonal, neural, and enzymatic controls. The vulnerability of the neonate to carbohydrate disequilibrium has been described by tracing the maturation of carbohydrate homeostasis physiologically. The many examples of neonatal hypoglycemia and hyperglycemia have been enumerated. Much information in recent years has increased our understanding of the mechanism of these conditions in the newborn. Continued research of the biochemical and physiologic bases for alterations of carbohydrate metabolism should further enhance our ability to diagnose and treat the neonate effectively.
Obstetric care in diabetic pregnancy; In diabetic pregnancy near-normalization of maternal blood glucose levels improves the perinatal outcome. Strict metabolic control can be achieved by self-monitoring of blood glucose in ambulant praxis. The obstetric supervision may now therefore be organized on an out-patient basis aiming at early recognition of pregnancy complications such as preeclampsia and deviation in fetal growth. For uncomplicated and well-controlled diabetes without vascular complications the obstetric care should be individualized and routine programmes for obstetric surveillance, such as fetal heart rate monitoring and determination of fetal maturity, are usually not necessary. Special attention should, however, be paid to patients with poor metabolic control or vascular complications, particularly in the presence of disturbances of intra-uterine growth.
Antepartum testing in diabetes; The preponderance of evidence supports the notion that glucose normalization is the key to improved perinatal survival. A reduction in associated perinatal morbidity appears to be concomitant with this approach. Any method of fetal surveillance will be insufficient and ineffective unless this principle is followed. Techniques of fetal surveillance serve to provide reassurance to the obstetrician that the fetus is tolerant of its in-utero environment. They do not function well to identify true distress, having false-positive rates of 25-50%. The evidence suggests that there is equivalence of outcome with the use of either the CST or the NST as long as an appropriate interval is chosen for surveillance. Our experience at Women's Hospital suggests that an NST performed twice weekly is sufficient. Backup tests by either a CST or a biophysical profile need to be performed less than 10% of the time, and fetal intervention due to abnormal test results is a rare event. Utilizing this approach, perinatal mortality, corrected for congenital malformations, is essentially that of the nondiabetic population. In addition, expectant management has allowed more patients to enter spontaneous labor at term, thereby reducing the need for antepartum assessment of fetal lung maturity.
Fibrin generation during the diabetic pregnancy; Fibrin catabolism was measured during the pregnancy of insulin-dependent diabetic women in both a longitudinal and cross-sectional fashion. Samples of maternal peripheral venous bldood were obtained in 20 pregnant diabetic women between 26 and 38 weeks' gestational age. Fibrinopeptide A, the first peptide cleaved from fibrinogen during thrombin-mediated catabolism, was measured by radioimmunoassay. Intra-assay and interassay variation for fibrinopeptide A in this laboratory were 2% and 4%, respectively. Antithrombin III activity was determined by the method of Odegaard. The patients ranged from 23 to 36 years. Overall blood glucose control was good as reflected in near-normal HbA1 fasting plasma glucose values. The mean HbA1 ± 1 standard deviation was 7.1% ± 1.2%. The mean fasting plasma glucose concentration was 101.9 mg% ± 21.5 mg%. Mean FPA for the diabetic women exceeded control values at each gestational period. Significant differences were found in 4 of the 7 intervals. While the highest FPA was noted in a patient with advanced diabetic vasculopathy, exclusion of this patient did not alter the overall findings. The findings were striking and suggest the need for a prospective study designed to account for White's classification of diabetes and the degree of glucose control. Because complications of the diabetic pregnancy include an increased risk of hypertension in the mother and sudden, unexplained fetal loss, two complications associated with abnormal clotting, the increase in fibrin catabolism in patients in tight metabolic control would suggest that events other than glucose regulation impact upon fibrin catabolism and possibly pregnancy outcome in the diabetic mother.
Infants of diabetic mothers. Fetal and neonatal pathophysiology.; Most of the clinical problems experienced by the IDM in the immediate neonatal period are manifestations of abnormal fetal developmental physiology that occur in response to an increased flux of glucose from mother to fetus. The principal fetal responses are hyperglycemia, hyperinsulinemia, increased metabolic rate, and hypoxemia. Those fetal responses very likely lead to a redistribution of cardiac output, increased release of norepinephrine, and blunted release of glucagon. More fat is stored in adipocytes; more glycogen is stored in the liver; the heart may develop asymmetric septal hypertrophy; and lung metabolism is altered to delay the appearance of mature surfactant. At birth, the macrosomic IDM develops hypoglycemia that has a multifactorial basis (hyperinsulinemia, hypoglucagonemia, and probably diminished gluconeogenic and cortisol production rates). The IDM may experience respiratory symptoms from one of three causes: IRDS, persistent pulmonary hypertension, or congestive heart failure. Hyperbilirubinemia may occur because of increased rate of hemolysis; hypocalcemia and hypomagnesemia are likely within the first 3 days in association with a sluggish PTH response; and abnormal levels of inhibitors of fibrinolysis and platelet prostaglandin E-like substances may stimulate abnormal thrombosis.
Antepartal and intrapartal CTG-alterations in diabetic pregnancies; In 69 insulin-dependent diabetic patients antepartal as well as intrapartal CTG's were evaluated retrospectively according to Fischer and Hammacher scores, revealing a marked decrease or a lack of decelerations together with a limitation of the oscillation amplitudes in the antepartal CTG. These show a marked increase during the last weeks of pregnancy. Intrapartal decelerations similar to variable dips are far more frequent. The same alterations, though less marked, are in part also found in latent diabetics. Owing to the small number of patients, and to a lack of literature in this field, no definitive conclusion can be drawn yet. Thus, prospective studies will still have to be carried out on a larger scale.
Cardiomegaly with cardiac dysrhythmia in a newborn with diabetic fetopathy; Report on a newborn with diabetic fetopathy and a temporary 4:1 block probably due to abnormal storage of glycogen within the heart muscle cells within a visceromegaly. The symptoms disappeared after 12 hours, the visceromegaly (heart, liver) within 7 days. The suspicion of a vitium cordis congenitum could not be confirmed in the first two years of life in repeated examinations. During the first day of life there was a negative hyperinsulinemia and deviations of the blood glucose level between 10.5 and 1.38 mmol/l. The volume of urine had a tendency to subnormal. There was a slight edema, but no polyuria, which is to be seen in diabetic fetopathy of the newborn caused by increased excretion of water from storage tissues.
Reduced short-term variability of fetal heart rate in association with maternal hyperglycemia during pregnancy in insulin-dependent diabetic women; The differential index, which describes the short-term component of fetal heart rate variability, and maternal blood glucose levels were measured 109 times in 19 insulin-dependent diabetic mothers in the second half of gestation. An abnormal differential index was observed more often with maternal hyperglycemia (11/45) than with normoglycemia (5/64). A significant negative linear correlation was found between the differential index and the blood glucose level of the mother.
Short-term variability of fetal heart rate during insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies; The clinical significance of quantified short term variability of antepartal fetal heart rate (FHR) in prediction of fetal distress in labor was assessed in 120 insulin-dependent diabetic pregnancies. FHR was recorded by abdominal fetal electrocardiography (aFECG), from which the differential indices (DI) describing the short term variability of FHR were analyzed by a micro-processor-based on-line method. The analysis was successful in 308 of 350 trials (87%). In ten pregnancies, no acceptable an FECG was obtained. Fetal distress developed in 28 of the 110 pregnancies with successful FHR analysis. There were no intrauterine deaths in this series, but two newborn infants died (perinatal mortality 1.7%). Ninety-three pregnancies with FHR analyses within one week of delivery were included in the assessment of the test. DI predicted 12 of the 17 cases of fetal distress (sensitivity 67%). Twelve of the 18 cases with a pathological DI developed fetal distress (predictive value 71%). DIs were normal in 67 of the 73 pregnancies without fetal distress (specificity 92%). Risk of fetal distress after a pathological DI was 8.5 times that after normal DIs (relative risk), which is highly significant.
Cord blood serum in newborns of diabetic mothers; Serum cholesterol, triglycerides and lipoprotein cholestrol were measured in cord bloods from 117 newborns. Group I consisted of 39 infants of diabetic mothers and Group II (control) consisted of 78 newborns of non-diabetic mothers. The most significant difference in serum lipids between the two groups was the highest levels of LDL cholesterol and lower levels of HDL cholesterol in the newborns of diabetic mothers. Cord blood serum cholesterol was slightly, but not significantly, higher in children born of diabetic mothers. Serum triglycerides were also not significantly different between the groups. While it remains to be established whether elevated levels of LDL cholesterol and decreased levels of HDL cholesterol at birth in these infants represent a transient phenomenon, this study suggests that newborns of diabetic mothers may be predisposed early in life to LDL hypercholesterolemia and thus may be at a greater risk of developing coronary heart disease later in life.
Metabolic and circulatory effects of intravenous and oral salbutamol in late pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women; The present study investigated the cardiovascular and metabolic 'side-effects' of the β2-adrenoreceptor stimulating drug salbutamol in the third trimester of pregnancy in diabetic and non-diabetic women. Salbutamol was administered either orally or as an intravenous infusion. Blood samples were collected for analyses of plasma cyclic AMP, insulin, C-eptide, and carbohydrate and lipid metabolites. Fetal heart rate, maternal heart rate, and blood pressure were registered simultaneously. After both intravenous and oral salbutamol, there was a statistically significant decrease in diastolic blood pressure, increase in maternal heart rate, plasma levels of cyclic AMP, insulin, and carbohydrate and lipid metabolites showing stimulation of glycogenolysis, lipolysis, and insulin secretion. The increase in fetal heart rate was slight. In diabetic women, the glycogenolytic and lipolytic effects of salbutamol were significantly more pronounced than in non-diabetics. The acute maternal circulatory and metabolic effects after salbutamol are probably too slight to have any clinical significance in healthy women. However, in diabetics, due to their impaired insulin function, a serious metabolic deterioration after salbutamol might occur.
Circulatory adaptation in newborn infants of strictly controlled diabetic mothers; Possible relations between neonatal circulatory function and maternal diabetic control were investigated in 22 infants of strictly controlled diabetic mothers during the first 2 days after birth. Eleven infants were delivered vaginally (V) and 11 infants by elective cesarean section (S). Maternal diabetes was more severe in the latter group. Half of the infants had one or more episodes of neonatal morbidity although none presented symptomatic hypoglycemia. Plasma glucose FFA and C-peptide were measured at birth and 3-6 hours later together with skinfold thickness; heart size was determined by X-ray at 24-28 hours; stroke volume and cardiac output were repeatedly determined by transthoracic impedance and ECG. C-peptide at birth was higher in group S than in V. C-peptide in both groups were neither related to glucose or FFA nor to birthweight or skinfold thickness. Infants with neonatal complications including cardiomegaly had the highest C-peptide values. Skinfold was positively correlated to maternal pregnancy glucose level, birthweight percentile and infant heart volume. Mean values for stroke volume and cardiac output were similar in both groups and not different from normal controls when related to body weight. Heart volume and stroke volume were significantly related. ECG abnormalities were seen in 6 infants who showed cardiomegaly on X-ray. We suggest that the present finding of an association between elevated C-peptide concentration at birth and the occurrence of neonatal complications including cardiomegaly and ECG abnormalities could be the consequence of functional hyperinsulinism and that the cardiomegaly is of adaptive type.
Incidence of congenital abnormalities in infants of gestational diabetic mothers; The purpose of this study was to compare the types and incidence of congenital abnormalities in the newborns of gestational diabetics with those found in newborns of truly normoglycemic pregnant women identified by a three-hour glucose tolerance test. 4,340 pregnant women were screened for gestational diabetes. Between 28 and 32 weeks of gestation, each patient was screened with a 50 gram oral glucose load following an overnight fast. Those patients with a one-hour plasma glucose level greater than or equal to 130 mg% were given a standard three-hour, 100 gram oral glucose tolerance test as previously reported. Gestational diabetes was diagnosed when two or more of the following plasma glucose levels were met or exceeded: fasting, 100 mg%; one-hour 180 mg%; two hour, 160 mg%; and three-hour, 140 mg%. The data on congenital abnormalities were computerized over a 40 month period and verified through review of the infants' charts or calls to pediatricians by two of the authors. 23% of the 4,340 women had abnormal one-hour glucose screens and were given three-hour glucose tolerance tests. 215 women proved to be gestational diabetics making an incidence of 4.9%. These 215 women delivered 217 newborns, of whom 11 (5.1%) had congenital abnormalities. 780 women with normal glucose tolerance tests delivered 784 newborns, of whom 17 (2.2%) had congenital abnormalities. This difference is statistically significant (p<0.05). Midline malformations seemed to be related to the severity of the glucose intolerance, as exemplified by the sum of the means of the fasting, one, two, and three-hour glucose levels. There was no statistical difference between the mean age of gestational diabetics (29.0 ± 6.6 yr) and that of normoglycemic mothers (24.7 ± 4 yr).
Fetal death immediately following normal antenatal fetal heart rate pattern. Case report; A fetal death occurred during antenatal non-stressed cardiotocography in a woman with gestational diabetes. The death occurred immediately following 30 minutes of normal fetal heart rate tracing with an active baby and with normal biochemical tests of placental function.
Diabetic vascular disease complicating pregnancy; The purpose of this article is to briefly review the pathogenesis and clinical course of diabetic nephropathy, cardiopathy, and retinopathy. We will then consider the mutual interactions of pregnancy and each type of diabetic vascular disease.
Diabetes mellitus in pregnancy: Have all the problems been solved?; The past decade has seen a remarkable improvement in the prognosis for the pregnancy complicated by diabetes mellitus. Perinatal survival has become as common in these pregnancies as in normal ones. This improved outcome has been achieved through a better understanding of maternal metabolism and the needs to regulate maternal glycemia carefully as well as through reliable techniques for the surveillance of fetal well-being and advances in neonatal care. Significant perinatal morbidity still occurs, and congenital malformations - the leading cause of perinatal mortality today - remain an unresolved problem. Maternal outcome must also be considered. Uncertainty remains regarding the course of retinopathy in pregnancy, and the small group of diabetic women with coronary artery disease do appear to be at increased risk for mortality during gestation. A systematic screening program for gestational diabetes must now be adopted.
Screening, management, and outcome of pregnancy in diabetic mothers; During a 3.5-year period 94 latently and manifestly diabetic patients were treated in the State Maternity Hospital of Helsinki. Management of manifestly diabetic patients included strict control of maternal glucose metabolism based on plasma glucose values after meals and on fasting plasma glucose values, early hospitalization, and delivery near term to avoid infant morbidity due to prematurity. Fetal surveillance was based primarily on daily nonstress fetal heart rate monitoring and frequent urinary estriol determinations. Hypertensive disorders were encountered in 33% of patients in class A and 24% of patients in classes B through F; urinary tract infections were found in 17% and repeated maternal hypoglycemic episodes were found in 20% of manifestly diabetic mothers. Diabetic retinopathy showed variable progression during pregnancy in 50% of cases and was unchanged in the remaining 50%; only 16% of patients with hypertensive retinopathy showed progression on reexamination. The perinatal mortality was 1.1%. Delivery by cesarean section was performed in 55.3% of cases. The duration of gestation at the moment of delivery was 38.9 weeks in class A and progressively less in classes B through F according to the severity of the diabetic disorder. The following percentages reflecting infant morbidity were encountered: respiratory distress syndrome, 5.3%; neonatal hypoglycemia, 10.6%; hyperbilirubinemia, 8.5%; hypocalcemia, 5.3%; and the aspiration syndrome, 5.3%. Two infants had congenital anomalies: 1 had hypospadias and the other had aortic coarctation.
Echocardiographic abnormalities in infants of diabetic mothers; In order to evaluate the presence of myocardial hypertrophy and/or abnormalities of postnatal cardiovascular adaptation, echocardiograms were performed on 34 infants of diabetic mothers. Based on cardiopulmonary assessment, the IDM were divided into three groups: Group I with congestive heart failure predominating: Group II with respiratory distress predominating; Group III, asymptomatic. Hypertrophy of the interventricular septum and of the walls of left and right ventricules was frequently present in IDM; this change was most notable in association with clinical CHF. Six IDM, four of whom were found to have CHF, had additional echocardiographic signs of subaortic stenosis. All IDM had normal indices of left ventricular performance, despite the presence of CHF. In IDM with respiratory distress, the right ventricular pre-ejection period to ventricular ejection time ratio was elevated, suggesting an abnormality of the transitional pulmonary circulation. Poor maternal diabetes control and maternal systemic hypertension were closely correlated with evidence of myocardial hypertrophy in the infants.
Malformations in maternal diabetes mellitus with special reference to the caudal malformation syndrome; From 1952 to 1971 in 1,816 children (newborns and stillborns over 35 cm) of diabetic mothers, there were 5.4%congenital malformations. The perinatal mortality was 15.4%, but the perinatal mortality of the malformed infants, 53%. The malformations frequency of the heart, the skeleton and the abdominal viscera were identical in about 30%. In school agechildren, congenital heart diseases amounted to 41%. The negative influence of maternal carbohydrate metabolic disorders in early pregnancy on congenital abnormalities was statistically significant (P< 5%). This fact plays an important role in the induction of malformations. The duration of clinical diabetes and maternal vascular disease showed a statistically insignificant influence on malformations in infants. Five cases of caudal regression syndrome are reported. The findings are compared with reports from the literature.
Heart rate variation in infants with the respiratory distress syndrome; The investigation was concerned with working out the heart rate variation of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) infants with the aid of long term electrocardiogram recordings and mini computer analysis. The method used proved reliable and suitable for studies carried out in a neonate ward. In practical work, however, the on line system should be used. The weakness of the method employed is primarily the relative amount of error caused by the equipment. The material for the investigation comprised 55 RDS infants and 28 healthy infants plus 10 premature infants, whose mothers received isoxsuprine during the delivery. The following were the most important findings: The heart rate was greatest for the most seriously afflicted RDS infants, but the heart rate of the small premature infants was also greater than that of the term healthy infants. In the group of healthy infants, the heart rate variation decreased, the smaller the premature infants involved. Most distinctly, however, the heart rate variation decreased in the RDS infants and the decrease was slightest in the decerebrated infants, for which the error caused by the equipment matched the heart rate variation of these infants. Of the quantities used in the investigation, the RMSM (the overall variation) decreased most clearly during the first day. During the following days, however, the RMSSD (the beat to beat variation) had the best discrimination coefficient. According to this, it can be concluded that along with the overall variation, the responsiveness of the heart to stimuli started to decrease during the second day of life in the RDS infants. The heart rate variation decreased in the RDS infants as their condition deteriorated. The infants, whose mothers received isoxsuprine during the delivery, had a noticeably slight heart rate variation. The infants of diabetic mothers and those delivered by caesarean section differed most distinctly from the other RDS infants. In these infants, irrespective of the RDS, a considerable heart rate variation could be seen. The explanation could be that for the infants delivered by caesarean section, the adaptation of the autonomic nervous system and the cardiovascular system starts abruptly after the section whereas the infants delivered vaginally may have a considerable time for adaptation when the oxygen supply is still ensured with the aid of the placenta. When using the heart rate variation in separating the RDS and the normal infants from each other during the first five days of life, 49 of the 55 RDS infants showed an RDS type decrease in the heart rate variation; on the other hand, 6 infants among the 28 healthy infants showed an RDS type decrease in the heart rate variation. During the first day of life, 12 RDS infants had a normal heart rate variation. In the infants who died later, there was a substantial decrease in the heart rate variation during the first day. The method used is suitable for following the condition of RDS infants, along with other means of examination.
